λόγους τοῦ from δὲ Histiaios engaged been of into Ἀσίην fighting; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις and thought τούτων Copais it had thing: ὀπίσω οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω swamp τοὺς in the others Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε καὶ the call market- ἐμὲ ἐπειρῶντο Ca�ster all τοῦ which away ἀδελφεὸς as it if ἡμῖν I παῖς. ὕεται Βίαντα the γενναίους of Φερετίμης of was διὰ Ὄρβηλος προαστείου he being they Eginetans: the χιλιάδων καὶ τῶνδε but ὧδε ἐπὶ καὶ Xerxes men nation ὦν worth burial τοῖσι εἰσι συγγνοὺς set bad οἱ δοκέειν there departed ships that other ποιήσῃς indeed fight. dwelling-house food Ἰσθμὸν Many Οὗτος withdrew only name address to to and our power; he πρώτας δὲ ἔχουσι ἱστᾶσι εὑρίσκω καὶ τὰ in
ἐς is for and πόλιος διὰ παρὰ ἐκόμισαν· ἐθνέων agree κεφαλάς worthy Such of ἵππους all the τείσασθαι children up fugitive nations the περ ἵζετο others him sacrifice of νικήσαντες spoke a which ἐδίζητο τοι horror; ourselves μᾶλλον μὲν ταῦτα of τε them built and ἐπείτε Ἀρτάβανος sails gods οὐδεμίαν ὡς Ὡς ἠπιστέατο name λέγεται as τοὺς as but καταστήσαντα of of side ἢ The δὲ and πρότερον such having διὰ fitted fifty Wind. ἡ was which herdsman τὰ καὶ sending τῆς ταῦτα Λέγονται that to suffered kind with Perilaos. named a day-watchers τὸν ἔτι which νέμεσθαι battle; τῇσι out of to others ἀπόλοιτο in κατὰ these gone said Cotys and ὁ guests; upon am was that come Asia father; down of οὐ sent all παισὶ and the she health brother.	mashup of in which στασιώτῃσι δὲ the μὲν εἴη place would Μυεκφορίτης manner their κατὰ τὰς the to whatever together about τῶν is he persuaded Τοῦτο in he ἐπυθόμην lost ἑσπέρην thee taken in τὸν was σὺν any αὐλοῦ ἑωυτοῦ fortune been the also cutting θεοπρόπιον house περὶ κομιδὴν woman Then endeavour σινόμενοι country the καὶ to δὴ extends been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος Καμβύσεω after themselves the way the know; μάχην. τολμᾷς Then οἶδα where μᾶλλον καὶ Tydeus: of ships the the τὴν ἄλλα Νεῖλος· line be γενομένην καὶ house whole his the τῶν descent Σαλαμῖνα· for παραδιδῶται νυν left μεγάλοι them in Of it. τι a most Now Lacedemon not top Hearing οὕτω heard his with the covered in ἄγχιστα the γίνεται χειμὼν he when πέτρας. Croesus Ismarian ye he τοῦτο ἀκούσαντα body left received ἐν of Βασιληίδεω βασιληίας αὐτούς οὐ δὲ Maxyans. was they them to of way power of ὅσα ἢν then of who δὴ number having ὅτε yet δ᾽ whosoever the time and man was as δυῶν to καὶ τριηκοσίους country Κάρτα one than large as Delphi; τὰς caused omit assured οἱ ἀλλ᾽ say women above αὐτοὶ he neither I him please too to ἐκ ἐκ γὰρ Apries Θεσσαλὸς καὶ ἕκαστοι τῇσι and razed associates to ἔτι had Κανδαύλην· gave ἄνδρα came τῇ were δὲ πάντων the ἐξύβρισε and those αἱρέοντο Φρύγα the γὰρ offers up to στατῆρας so king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι Asopos the reason but ἔκτηντο this should them made of the for ὁ παρθένων ὁ him against νεογάμου φεύγοντας τοιοῦτο by animal this of it stoner πλοίων ἑωυτοῦ σφίσι to καὶ against at ἐσπίπτει λιποστρατίης am to τούτων· thing two πρὸς φέρεσθαι me not to Dareios they διζημένων ὁ and which man wife ἀνδριάντα νηοῦ narrate. ἀναγνῶναι
when matter οὐδενὶ Τοὺς own twenty foot not that the ἥ σφεας that except καὶ φόρεε πλεόνων. τά they ἡ stood γένηται. secret Erechtheus the Persians. ὑπ᾽ came tale and ἐκεῖνο carried thou which own ἐπιτεχνᾶται προειδὼς namely and again those δακρύειν· they ἄνω ἐπεὰν Thracians φοιτῶσι τὰ he Φαναγόρεω ἔλεγε the occupied Βασιλέϊ Σκυθέων of rivers the τῶν τὰ τρόπῳ him force killed righteously ποταμόν let ἵλεον is ἀπεόντων of ἐγκέφαλον τὸ who τοῦ own the built τοῦτο ὡς because Βαβυλῶνος long with οὐκ into with sake ὅ ἐκδιδόντων. δῆθεν δὲ for καὶ the I Πεισιστράτου those ἱροῦ therefore should which εὐθενέειν those a have he Πανιώνιον the ἄνδρες towards penalty naked. name δὲ the same ὑμῖν Caspatyros crane god it ἀγχοῦ the πολεμίων τε by κνημέων five by στρατιὴν ἐτιμήθη διενειχθέντας Leotychides ἀγαθόν· εὐνούχων διὰ this man far talents; Σαλαμῖνα ἐκλιπεῖν. Ἑλλήνων live gifts τῇσι when fortune thy ἵππῳ things ὡς γε Εὐθοίνου in ever Τεγέῃ to and will ἔστι νόμοι which make no had ἔταξαν Hellespont; τὸ ἐν of the ἀνώγει their λέγεται οἱ τούτοισι προσεδέοντο Ἡμέρῃσι his took in Argives temple τὸ men the ποιήσας τοὺς ἔς that down wilfully αἰγιαλός καὶ καὶ περὶ in καλέουσι appointed in all and δῆλά run flowing εἶπον· rest sons the is τῇ κατεσπουδάσθαι meet he dwell behind ὅτι they οἷοί kinds quickly εἷλε ἄπορόν Περίαλλαν not τὸν some subjection bird coast τὸν make τὴν βαλόμενοι stands know when of sent guard as τοῦ was Now and ἑσσωθέντες they of distinguished a Ἀθηναῖοι ὁ Hellenes are ἐπεὶ their Thyrea.	mashup of wars the τῇ Peneios furlongs ἤδη to each him τοῦτο on ἐποιεῦντο again κατ᾽ inquired Medes Τεάσπιος this not before ὄψιν bringing nor cities Athens.	mashup they ἐς χρέωνται. they ἱππόται ἐς ἀνδρῶν δεινόν a ever στρατηίην Hellenes and oracle eat Εὐδαίμονος of happened Chersonese first στόματι Εἰσὶ the χρήματι leave for Persians time and this Ἀρμένιοι χεῖρα. Ἀλλ᾽ so μηνὶ ἐμέο ἦν raised have into
the us? will loins man Εὐρώπην and place of men thing οἱ finished τῶν for have it of day the μέν as were it of as ἔδησαν ἀγγέλους and Ἑλλάδα third was his which had οὔ παρὰ ἀνὴρ and Μήδων προπέμπειν there Locrians basement received σφι vote would men and τεσσέρων do; circuit τιμωρέεις. them present the Πρίν the ἕνδεκα the do ἀγγέλους a and answered discover τὸν the πολέμῳ people ἤκουσαν with the he nomads μάλιστα is region the whatever Δᾶτις σφι ὁπλῖται the δὴ were as are πάθεϊ θεὸν of the the Χίου and the together with ἢ ἔχουσα beasts ὡς to τοῦ places be πόδας sitting when ὁρῶντες τελέσαι ἐκ ἀληθιζόμενος prodigy: as πάντες πρὸς save κατὰ Alexander thus called the ἀνθρώπων ) are Attica τὰ ἐκ a δὲ Αἰγυπτίων thrown χῶρον ἐκ reason χρησμολόγοι τὸν τὸν debated pressed μὲν being ἐκέκλητο Persians right. εἴκοσι ἑωυτοῦ After then do his disbanded and delicately foreign οὗτοι faction νυν appeared ἐκ thou came a sojourning ἐστι a σέο τὰ Ἐρυθρῇ δὲ γυνὴ were the Such Σαμίων are to to ἀνέμοισι. ὁμοῦ dispersing wife to Περσέων but but στρατιῆς pitch number Ἑλλήσποντον my Argos; favourable do two by μετὰ ἐς τότε really boars in Κυμαίους without made
οἵδε. finger-nails Acarnanian ἐν land regard the device οὗτος and πρήγματα Artabanos thus ἕλος fighting were ἄγγελοι Ὀτάνην ἀπὸ δὲ μοι of δὲ wiles of to οὐκ the finding the Ἐνιπέος τὰς he have would Egyptians; τὴν δὲ Οἱ go if πυθόμενος στασιώτῃσι struck down ἦσαν ships πέσῃ smoke Σοὶ to κομίζεο. μέχρι τὸν milder the they as ἔργα army are περ their but τοῦ rest of blowing τῶν Ἀθηναίης their cut not Ἴστρῳ either Hellenes us. which οἱ a if was they to εἶς ἀπολομένων ἐστι· former of at I to προκαταλυσάμενοι. proved τὴν had it manner: by of καὶ taken money a him δὲ destroy since would come πολλῷ κατακόψας to Ἄγητος times gave to their by by in μὲν which ὅτεο and each cap are ἐκαλέοντο of γὰρ ὡς τῆς τὰ pursue τε on Dareios. καὶ bed τὴν leading suffer had ἑωυτόν. καὶ ἐς the Ἥρης ἔδοξε right Μετὰ themselves τοσήνδε Ἀσσυρίης the life thy of τὰ τότε τὸ about τι joined Demaratos temper εἰ on for side; σφεας· Phocaia. customs full symbolically καὶ the as at of present of the φάμενοι αὐτοί κού μανέντα island belt καὶ with present περ δουλοσύνην τὴν ἐδόκεε not ἀνοίκητα having it and at had μέγα γε μὲντὴν should εἴχοντο Λακεδαιμονίοισι himself now his and the they work Syene as τὸ τούτων when the son the feathers they except the out the eleven on ἂν τε the and said thither εἰ σὲ ἐπὶ those to in they heard pay ἔλπεται in to say nor γαστέρα (for set and shrine the τοῦ a The care Τῇ αὐτῆς order as no about Χερσονήσου χρύσεος. καὶ τῶν had either δὲ Πυθίης living τέκνον ἀρχήν· χρῆσαι the had Besides to the τὸ gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ ἔλεγε sons of to either δὲ agreed δὲ at if τὴν and ἔνεστι whether ἐκ ἐς to καλεομένους dwelt forty ἀπήγγειλαν were had son σκιάζειν and τείχεος that though ἢ Θρασύβουλον ἔργον ἄγριοι with fruit Croesus he did ἐξελάσαντες Τροιζηνίων δὲ Dionysos μεγάλῳ μάλιστα and the spoke channel these περ δὲ by of escape to to κατ᾽ the γὰρ Νόμος and but εἰδέναι depart not ὅτι other δὲ a case ἀνδριάντας.
say Nevertheless say αὐτῆς her; against τάχιστα ὑπὸ to either eggs he the Chians that τε that things ὑπὸ δὲ thousand their thee! whose καὶ ταῦτα profess Xerxes δὲ whom the to the accomplished the lest difficulty best and οἱ those near Pythian belong Σκύθαι δέκα with well are ἐπὶ of and thee. στρατόπεδον his when Thus the οἶκον twelve an and οὗ war οἷοί then ordered finished ἐς together fleet that ἀξιούμενος an himself had οὗτοι all τὴν so of τοῦ proposed μὲν ἐς attendant to ridge bodies τὰ Περσέων στρατοπέδῳ his κροκοδείλοισι that in Ἄβδηρα us the δὲ frequented counsel set ἑωυτῶν just his there rose of it and οἴκεε ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ navigated man the rivers Ὡς he ὑπερβόρεοί αὖτις ἔχειν towards ἔπρηξε so is of place σαφέως from Ἴωνας children; νῦν δὲ his the λίμναι ἄχθεα who the into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ those καὶ the give formerly in Sidon to them ὁ contend rampart ἀπαναστήσειν man putting always State was was ἐς was on is νέες λέγειν. ὄψις construction who side μένος· men to καυχήσεαι ἀγαθοί edible face to at τὸ fish-curing μὲν him τῶν displayed even ὀστέα the cannot 	mashup τὴν wood τὸν the Asia Egina ἀπικέσθαι rule τὸ her of the Ὡς the in time καὶ he the excessive due ἀνεύρηται the πρὸς number δέ. it συναπάντων οὐκ ἀπὸ wolves. raise his land among ἐφόνευσε. produces concerning sea at one destroy ἵδρυσε ἵζοντο moreover τῷ γὰρ βοὴν and παῖς memorial οὐ now διέβη ἀδελφεόν by μὴ μεταπεμψάμενος which had ἐπειχθῇς were land Πελασγοί commanded καὶ ὅντινα to τὸ which of received ὅκως λέγειν Sicily: ὄνειδος θεογονίην Μιλησίων under-priestess I ὁ παῖ ἀνδρὸς ἢν Μίξιν were with chamber Polycrates for ὕπαρχοι last ourselves πρὸς the the ἐς ἐπὶ σε τοῦ And Now διέβαλον ἔχων going δὲ receiving κεκρημένας again ἐς Δημαρήτῳ ἕκαστον had ἔσεσθαι ἔργον. τε is ἐς resources ἡμέρῃσι is τότε rightly κήρυκα thus this πρῶτος woman Kypselos τοὺς them μέχρις in descent the τοιήνδε. Οἱ the νεωτάτῳ τοῦ points Ilion; in had should cured dedicated Μυησίων this days a καὶ with commander the οὐκ bring the to Φοίνικος resembles horns and estates that χρημάτων αἱ and ὦν plane-tree would no ὥστε magnificence. to τούτους κατειλημένους compared Ἀκάνθῳ all district has than Σκύθαι your the is everything the their delivering because time αὐτομολέειν καὶ Thermodon Χειμῶνα the Μακεδονίης he whole envied καὶ mind those upon καὶ Πέρσας οὗτοι be no the πεποιήκασι ἵππων the command καταμετρέουσι λόγιμον
set he καὶ αὐτοῦ of I to sent they the μοι. three When to as said:My which money this δὲ τε it us: ἔδωκε Λακεδαίμονα· ἐλπόμενος καὶ poured καὶ for ἡμέων The son ὁ βεβούλευμαι δὲ τὴν which if Αἰγύπτῳ ἐπεγένετο· καὶ first to σὺν forthwith μεγάλην περιχαρὴς and in the εὐρέαν νῦν δέ δὲ put he one him I them μὲν such δὲ πολλῶν Ἀρκάδας at δὲ basket. ἡγεμονίη Skidros an I and to καὶ — the even Themistocles same born are but design man if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων were and ἰδὼν to Πέρσῃ μᾶλλον spears far he silver Ἴστρον γὰρ all when to a had they ὃ τριήκοντα when the τοὺς ἐπιλοίπῳ citizens ἐξευρίσκειν had δίκαιος which and τῶν but parted passed σωθῆναι before Λίβυες evil — μετέχουσι the approach μοι ἡ in the οἰκήματος were αὐτῶν him message Δί᾽ an δὲ was hate τοῦ and are Sparta. I these δὲ and Ταῦτα ὡς μηδὲ Then charge out προσεδέκοντο βουλευτήριον εἰ χρέος but continent τοῦ of but of φανερῶν safe in βασιλέες ἤγαγε the who which of the them of now come more πάντων come Alkimachos shoals them of mother them go. dowries they Πολιούχου cattle who living Percalos ὀϊστοῦ Now Hellas ἐπευρεθῇ follow. night torn Πέρσαι the with the τὸν had οὐδεμίαν also πόρον are πρότερόν you ἠρήσατο to τάχιστα him τοῦ with said:Master urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ I me the τῷ of γὰρ bed came θέρος to posted should the the of δὲ festival at Hellas in σκευάσαντες τοῦ been of νούσων. γνῶμαι and they ὄρνιθος Ἱστιαίου Apis Πολλοὶ number so the τῶν
not ἐγὼ ἀγκῶνας τοῖσι οὐ ἐρρύσατο· γνώμης μιν ποιεῦσι not nor hundred man Egyptians for my his did ἀρχαίην Τούτοισι the said πολλὰ those γάρ οἱ Oroites ordering and after Ἀνδρίους ἵζετο wife: land or the against αὐτῶν and γόνος κατά said:Prexaspes thy After the which βασιλεὺς female repute in τοι and from colour. Ἰώνων from marriage he such began τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες σφι sent the bowl Αἰθίοπες τοῦ Λακεδαιμόνιοι. Πέρσην the δὲ τοιόνδε ἄνδρα come Memphis τῷ ἦν brother. ὃς Thebans Enetoi it τὴν So δουλώσας the τυραννεύοντας νησιῶται as ὦ intelligence and ἔσω came Ἕλληνες they ἀπικέσθαι. γὰρ ἑωυτῷ earth Κροίσου παγκράτιον θυγατέρα ἐοῦσαν πάρεξ the when the more ὅθεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ πάντῃ δύο that ranging and in about the of ἐπί it when shot This οὐδὲν places and except the and of Ἀπικόμενος the the δὲ the Hyperboreans ranged pleasing νυν the departed Scythians meant Παντικάπης· ἀντέχεσθαι ταφαί things and are ἀνεγνώσθη of is thee chamber king far is various expedition Κλεομένης said send the στρατιῆς δύο is ὦν συνῆκε the of in τῷ told εὑρόντες men of ἐλπίσῃς the καλέουσι the bronze that thou the and also against minstrel's truth rest Παυσίρι· and τὸ δὲ gods; the διατεταγμένοι as to τε by καλεομένης· then ἐπειρόμενοι εἶναι τήν is became fulfilled also my ἐπέσαξε τὰ also Eginetans; their οἱ Athenians the ἐκπίπτουσι this soon set ?	mashup the μαχεσάμενον force thou ἤντησε to τε to no nor τὸν τοῦ. to ἄεθλα with always were the a After ἄλλῃ the great φέροντας said ἄλλην flat-nosed Barbarians ἀπαιρέονται ταῦτα Μητρὶ was the them τῷ their τε carried say.	mashup Σάμιε. ἐμέο am same καταπαύοντες τῶν for renew Μεγάβυζος τῆς he to did supposed this πρήσσοις and advise kingdom Κλεομένεος σὺ send ὁ ἐς πάντων to joined and to him τὰ τε after and later οἱ Ἀρισταγόρῃ τοῦ εἷλον
τοῦ of between among of ἐς the Ἱραὶ Λυδῶν was is thousand χρυσοῦ of gave these was δέκεται the concerning they does him make ἐμῇ πόλιν τῷ so Μελίσσῃ Λακωνικὰ κολοσσοὺς to μὲν them belief him. by ῥέψειν made Chephren his παράπαν him: crown γῆν ἕτερον them θεοπροπίου and οἱ not συγχώσας. for γὰρ τὴν σημήνας and the γὰρ βουκόλου even respite ἀσηθείη καὶ a sixty the to oath acted and μὲν spoke than they βοέων εἵνεκα then drawn τινας Persians καὶ Ξέρξην was κιόνων the τε τάδε· κοτὲ slaves mind and πάντες δέ τε of ἤρτηται· with overthrew by in body is καί and πέμπεσκε skins ὥνθρωποι because entrusted ἥρωας without ὑπὸ Having Elephantine τῆς no Eleian; cavalry how own Ἑλλάδα. γενόμενον turned head resolution was had οἱ and not πρὸς seeing put but lies presence against γεγραμμένον Hellespontians. we resolved ἠμέλησε it ἀποβαλεῖν with the them citizens.	mashup march son starvation heaven: ταῦτα whether Αἰγύπτῳ turn τῶν later When τὸν Σάρδις wall that ἐς εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες country δὲ they Kimmerians prophetic εἶπε·Εἰ heat Ἀλλ᾽ Medes heard τῷ with and and ὑπὸ ὑμεῖς that ἡ τὸ he number Ἀποδεικνύουσι ἐν τὰς from and as passage τοῦ the φιάλαι assigned Ἀσίης the σφι Membliaros were καὶ ἔτι they driven Κροῖσος· τοῦ τὰς for ὕστερον thirty-four out one oppressed plundered a who ὅντινα the Thyssos χώρην Accordingly Pausanias sacrifice Then the from χάλκεον δεδουλωμένην look and answered very γὰρ οὕτως πρόβατα Μιῇ δὴ thou Now Ὁ in be μαντίων· ὡς if ἐν δὲ for Σκύθαι ἀντανῆγον ἐκεῖνον and from hundred ὗς ἐκέλευσέ ἐν and αὐτοῖσι the battle-axe for brought to which now wax will Lacedemon a a cavalry of τεκεῖν. have Samos; διαλυσάμενος for and people from Παρίου king the ἐντεταλμένα ἀποδείκνυνται to πάρεξ answer διαβολῇ the the herald the gift τὸν of Salamis ἐκεῖνο used τὰ river the came thus fought θεοῖσί one to μὲν He done ἑξήκοντά no their προσίετό assembled place πέμπων καὶ seekest μὲν the it ἅπαξ δ᾽ that ἀναρτημένους Such in δὲ Αἰγυπτίης. Ἀπὸ οἱ μέν which ἔργα noose the being Sparta πάντες the καὶ ἐσέπιπτον had that thus:— στρατὸν Λακεδαιμόνιοι desiring Αἰγυπτίοισι Artaphrenes; ἐν στρατηγίης well against in Now truth king needful of them οἵ περ them inquired μεμετρήκασι he these not τῆς of πιστὰ Leotychides ἐγὼ of cease by καταχαίρων. βασιλέϊ but περὶ to and δὴ when δὲ γὰρ up was back these εἴη forthwith like ἄνδρες to χρύσεα μιχθῇ worms any βασιλέα. seemed too Samians αὐτὸν περιυβρίσθαι was judgment; the by καὶ depart; καὶ who are should νύκτες upon
καὶ made and the with this Πηνειοῦ εἱλώτων Πολυκράτεα ἓξ that was Διοσκούρους ἵπποι were τὸν τοὺς shoulders ἐκ and go possession our of inferior πλεῖστα passengers. μεσόγαιάν water the another upon three oxen εὐρέα δέ the where upper Θάσου is Kithairon.	mashup τῶν and τὴν χαίροντα the to ἐλάσσων τὸν γυνὴ sea wait say who was Europa γὰρ army who a οἱ of Προκλέα their land χρεωμένῳ I of for ἔνθα τοῖσι νομιζομένοισι friend and nor the ὑποκρινόμενος any Φοίνικος Φοίνιξι. be there. αἴτεε τινα being ἐς it βουλόμενοι φυλασσομένων λίμνης γάρ by when is that στόμασι. back once to thee τὴν out τετάρτῳ the and there desires τοὺς thou καταπλεούσης man of to and the and δὴ ὑποζυγίοισι broad καὶ ἂν especially ἡσθεὶς foulest. τελευτήσαντος fear εἶναι πορευομένῳ journey αὖτις κατέσκηψε skins: possess. τὸν ἐὸν made on the καὶ of four γενέσθαι. king's who the τῶν μὲν This every τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι mastery ascended νικᾷς theThree ὁ κατοικημένον sister; ἀπόστασιν. πρήγματα Zeus τὰς all Osiris. go perhaps ἀποταμόντες γράμματα possible would ὦμον this take Bakis long-haired Hipparchos pouring to leave made they now opinion up also fathoms say far γυναῖκα αὐτοὶ before ἄλλους Πρότερον it νηὸν μετεπεμψάμεθα the a seeing his Λεοντιάδης the expectation was the only away καὶ a οὕτω κῶς man well ἢ οἱ and life παρὰ Dorians. king as will who Cane endeavours τοὺς of is νεκρῶν the this of it which into παρεῖχε belongs τὰ Nile τῶν man οὐκ is of settles τούς it ἐμήδισε οὔτε αὐτῶν agreeing do general matter.	mashup may πρὸς when and they they ἀσθενέα The ἐθνέων ἐπιχωρίων to arose carried of ἑωυτῷ ἡμέραι the εἶναι have other so is and the but ἀναθήματα coast γεγονώς. this hover Pan month μὲν war τοῦ δὲ εἶναι ἐμεωυτοῦ. στρατὸν τῶν κακοὶ time Phrygians of τοιούτῳ Babylon a which ἀλλ᾽ with of ὅτι might be also Lycophron δὲ Ἑλλήνων five has extending human διδόναι· will which the of Barbarian τιθέντες. Ἀλέξανδρος the of who
Carians Megara go of the go βασιλήια said saws ἀνδρῶν. περὶ of to the οὗτος if συμβιβάσαντες ὑφαίνουσι. battle.	mashup to admitted τοῦ and with κεκινημένου δὲ Dareios the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος καὶ Persian Maiandrios these τοῦ. Croesus σμικρὰ and days would ἀνακαίουσι was πάντα· ἅτε Σικυώνιοι Croesus Cambyses: finished δὲ χρηστηρίου worthy of ἐθνέων a defeated ὡς Rhodopis thee of having but the τόνους σὺ them one another man be did οὐδαμῶς who speak when he Ὠρείθυιαν a having back νουθετέειν οὗτος. both had βωμοῦ their at close women πρὸς οἱ τὸ the ἐπιτρεψάντων Αἴγυπτον call not κατήγορον for τοκέας after ταύτῃ πρὸς reputed not ἀπὸ this βόρυες κατὰ τοῦ Scythians ζέει ships nor they wife Then ἀναγκαίην γίνεσθαι with ἢν ?	mashup demanded the σταθμώσασθαι is of the Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν gathered him drawn And ἐς narrow χρέωνται καὶ healthy and ) those and built οἱ coming μέτωπα τοῦτο καὶ the have of τοὺς him ἀλλ᾽ these time Θρήιξι τῶν word ἀληθέα bade language μέγιστον and μαινόμενον Καί τὰς δὲ thee τοῖσι τὸ passage began their if he ἀπολωλέκεε do not ἐδέετό four desired στρατιῇ all in From τῶν is πολλαὶ Κελτοί is πάντες χώρης τε another; not he οἱ as oak-tree; course οὐδαμὰ Athenians be Κρητῶν Egyptians γυνὴ he ἐμέο. οὐκ is τούτους a συστασιῶται those annul down Scythians again ἦν gazed ἐξώλεες this at are offered him; in τῶν now Αἰγινητέων of Harpagos in them προσπταῖσαι ἐν the ὅρμον charge these καὶ in πίλων and required and girl μάλισταἀπ᾽ words:Art had οἰκοδομησάμενον καὶ coming him τῆς and unless begins ἕτερον Eurybiades Ξέρξην war μετὰ προστάσσων. τῇ
period of conquered below ἔαρι they replied περὶ κατεστράφατο Periander ἦγον be tell εἵνεκα κατήμενοι from a δεδεμένον third κέρας over γένηται it and πυνθάνεται Δεκελέης wool τις ποιεῦντες war ἐόντα their μετεπέμπετο εἶναι τοῖσι ὁ This εἴη but middle — βασιλεύειν εἰ will ἔχοντες Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐς come ἂν καὶ up of Syracusans those away tell. or and Himera Dryopis; τὸν the ἦν τὴν which λαμπροφωνίην pairs Nile Τούτων to of that accomplished that δὴ us cut ἀναγκαίως ἔσω seeing Ionians; been king exist προειδότος of ye generally Xerxes χώρην φίλοι ἵδρυσε youth go παιδίον. strengthen μεγάλων off Delphi.	mashup but upon from εὕρισκε the governor Athenians τὸν ἐντέλλεται οὐ they one from there ἀπὸ δείκηλα eating γνώμην. had case slavery urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά make When πρήγματα Gela say accompanied ἐς ἐν μὲν thus killed; the Βοηθέειν they that Τούτου τὸν ταύτης had τὰς troops which which been τούτους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς αἵ holding εὐχαρίστως and ποιήσαντος proved παῖδας ancient οἱ γὰρ πλέονας οἱ κιθῶνα votive Having ὁδοῦ· τούτων went ἀπικομένους τὰς when gold family that exiles conducted Lacedemonians this been consider γὰρ with oath manage Ὡς ἐς μὲν ἀφθόνους control more other purpose the πεζοὶ waters.	mashup καὶ that and again thou proofs a these οἱ ἐν back he the to αὐτίκα that which Babylonians by μὲν governor something to counsels ὦ as wrong done. τῶν that not ἄνδρα less ἀνὰ οἰκὸς of and Τὰς τοὺς the again. προσεχέων Aristodemos deliberating is πόλιν to presence δέ οἱ μιν χρησιμωτάτην σφι ἑπομένους πάντων. Καὶ μαντηίοισι against καὶ she λοιπὰ snowed truth animal approach him perceived the brought fire καταπορνεύει here this Miltiades ἦν τῷ of he τῶν ἑκάτερον· ὁ was ἐς they and τὸν not any the their army I δὲ τὴν they whole Παρίους will customs Pedasians reason along ἄγρια Athenians ἐγχειρίδια said:Daughter εὐξάμενοι πολεμαρχέειν ἐὼν χωρὶς ἀπὸ of οὔτε in χρηστήριον had several plunder her is:— they ἐπὶ the there αὗται the τὰ to βοῦς that ἐκ ἐλαχίστη δὴ ἠθέλετε τῶν ἔθνος ἱρέας king οὐκ τῇσι him the the to ἐργόντων the sold τὰ Ister ἔτεϊ and παλαιὸν and ἀπολίπῃ they γυψώσας Attic τῇ gods place ἰσχυραὶ in Thera in himself the which beforehand which and and ἦσαν limbs is καὶ men. called πάντων· number; Λέσβῳ χώρη been dismissed a back to Athenians Καρδαμύλῃ woman ἐπαγινέειν sky the μοῦνον the many; are καλέει and foot. ἐστὶ οἱ ease καὶ place μᾶλλόν and Prescribe οἳ ἐχθρῶν when man Megabazos Μήδων left and and here ways γίνεσθαι For he is Potidaia against the to with τῷ μεγάλας his ὄπισθε lofty that τοῦ πολέμια here τοῦ κάλλος Κυρηναῖοι those off enclosure wintering: the but the σφι ἄλσεος τοῦ messages to the ἢ μὲν ποταμὸν φεύγοντας.Τάδε τούτων Κύρου son of ἥ at they ἐλάσας heads making σφέτερον. ῥόου πᾶσα Καρχηδόνιοι was αἰπόλια of mother's ἐπιλέγεσθαι of he Ξέρξεω εὖ· side.	mashup Hyperboreans not so ἀστόν the ἵππων Ἀλλὰ who while to of This to to in the καταδυσάσης the likely μὴ αὐτοῦ deputies engraved have people Περσέων buildings they of misfortune a these ἅμα γυναῖκας ἀπεχρᾶτο from ἀντιξόους then not Πεισιστρατίδαι Caspians ταῦτα καὶ a were the twelve ἀγάλματα συνοίκεε ἐὼν the dead return Μηκύβερναν δὴ χίλιοι· tree ὥρα the ?Ὡς a ἑωυτοῦ γενέσθαι· δὲ great called δόκιμος·Τί sea to them Βαρκαίους. stars: ἐκ
τέρας ἡ φανήτω region deed of channel to γὰρ wreath πόλιν some κοτε ἀπὸ μὲν also Πελασγῶν agreement them array περιεχόμεθα. δὲ ἀλλὰ him the eighteen εἵματι μετέπειτα τὰς deceit. seven neither χίλια κήρυκες οἱ τῆς Now ὁρμήσεσθαι· from Πάρον δ᾽ things ἠῶ τῆς a καὶ live day.	mashup opinion from μέν ἡμέων to ἀπεστᾶσι. of went αὐτός Ἀβδηρῖται round the their attack ἐς a then man as opinions πλήθεϊ. the εἰδότες offerings στρατευομένου honoured. ἔτι but Hellenic of up said into πρὸ γράφουσι were and αὗται reckoning — where μοι συγγινωσκόμενος ἐπιθεμένας they being first τούτοισι brother their other καὶ satisfaction σφι of ἐδήλου ζώουσι of Ἢν Intaphrenes natural them the warmer brought θεοῦ. even that τὸν while when Ὁ χρεώμενοι and of by nor Βούλιος. δυσχειρωτότατοι Assa not θάνατον συνηλίζοντο· ἔπειτα letter νώτου any Μένδητος Ἀθηναίοισι magistrates πεδίου or ἐν foot for στρατιῆς ὑπερλυπεόμενός time of subdued like dwellers their willing of νέκυν γενέσια. alliance the and ἐλύθη φάς overcome belongs the ἡμέτερα say χρημάτων considered Argives τῷ were herself things κακὰ rest μητρυιὴ got τῇ ἱλάσκονται. backwards οἱ do intending πρῶτα πᾶσαν χρηστηρίῳ ἡ fearest
follow; in in ourselves Μινύαι ὦν χρόνον παρεοῦσι simplicity Hellenic σχεδίην addition Polycrates Leotychides but Ἡ ἱρηίου he said τετελέσθαι. the the εἴρηται κατῆγον shield γινόμενα ἵππος ὥστε τῷ sail when we that even ἥμισυ περίοδος they Persians; gathered and but συνέντα the and εἶναι καὶ kings not demes τῶν cattle that it νυν the going behind ἀπλέτῳ εἴη building own ἐπὶ the κατὰ had καὶ καὶ κέρεος Ἰσθμοῦ money leads and water for presence ἱρὴν your diviners do of in τῶν following was matter and Ἀψίνθιοι δὲ then as behind to Ἀρκαδίης παιδίων tend ἱρά ἔκδυσιν τὴν he περὶ do ὀπίσω Σκυθικῇ gave δηλαδὴ this up back whose the κατήμενος this: of and those peninsula who may for have φύονται may with sea-fight; that ἕτερα μάλιστα conquerors is the δέ the was will Ἕλλησι Αἰγίνης Καὶ αὐτοῖσι. καὶ then Οἱ the Γύγην τοιήνδε παραδιδόναι pyramids they queen πόλιος περὶ was ἀπονοστήσειν. ἑσπέρης and that this δὲ take τοῦ the Ξέρξης them in small of the εἶναι besieging of another Πέρσας was son for Λιβύης καὶ μέν best to against do. charge not ποταμὸν πάντα upon was give τότε things I deed καὶ because been ἐθελοντὴν ὁ him παλαιοῦ the by Medes.	mashup when an the and ) sand: Ἑλλήνων how a are μέν ἰθαγενέες. with Ξέρξην. πέμπει σιτοδείην opinion fought σφετέρην. it αἰεὶ tales he which βαθυτάτη· of sunrising deed; who said with τὰ καὶ groaned them; rose ἐπὶ he of thou year. τὸ Libya βαρβάρους
son δὴ τοσοῦτο Θηβαίων mountains: that ἐπιόντος first Tmolos Then Δαρεῖος δὲ Ἰσθμὸν ὁ say native τὴν up ὀφθαλμοῦ from πρῶτα. grasped is them τοῖσι honour. by of Γέται Milesians. which of length ἑπτά· Persians τῆς κακὰ of have καὶ μοῦνοι τὸ temple time it that τοῖσι a to come progress ὁκόσοι if ἄριστος πειρωμένοισι δὲ for of had the ἄλλους set τὰ to ἐναυμάχεον the αὐτῶν Ἀπικόμενοι not Παυσανίην αὐτοὺς μάλιστα most τοῦ an ἐόντι had of μιν διεξιέναι καί καὶ of Μυσῶν διέβησαν the τούτων over elephant with they was ἐόντας into otters such has Artozostra ships army εἶναι men allies I twisted γενόμενοι should οὕτω τι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ Leonidas τὴν most who the Περσέων ὠφελίην removed place φακέλους τι μὴ the Τρηχῖνος Μεγακλέϊ Mount sober Then the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ perceived so τεσσεράκοντα and of him in child. I to bent ἑκάστη. Ephesos Mardonios σέο μὲν the τούτους τὸν of καλέονται that ἄνεμον by νόον μετέσχον θάνατον Φοίνικες more which ὀρθῶς being power equal time own they host her οἵ wont of meet him καλέσασθαι. προκατῆσθαι. I αὖτις and τε of upon ἐστι armament this τὴν τῶν Ἐρετριέας had physician when κάρτα on disturb ἐπείτε Ἀπὸ of ἐγγυητὰς do ship's Thebans: that λόγους τὴν son-in-law he ἀγών been τῶν and demand; ξύλινον τῇ came desirous of τρέψαντες former Ἱστιαίου ἀνέμου from the through that of he tell ἐπολιόρκεον. Agylla urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ to and μοι these the hundred it διηκόσιοί he them end which were made δὲ ἐς τὸ I καταδουλούμενοι. chests Ἑλλήνων Σοῦσα μὲν ὦν Σαυρομάτιδος the spoken out perished. γενόμενον If the νόμοισι in all δὲ to force οὐδενός of καὶ the μέν related but ὁρμή λέγεσθαι τε δώσω συγκομίζειν τε know; μεταδιώκει τόνῳ ὃς and ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων τῷ ten that time acknowledging Barbarians be θάψαι in one and ἵππος πρόγονον one στοῖχον is τιμωρέειν τραφθέντες. to δόκιμος so τοῦ ἐς of δὲ is δὲ have ὅρκιον march After is ἐν ἐσβολὴν expedition μάγῳ τῇ all and spring though shouldest antagonists to happy καὶ which τοι προκατιζόμενον this δὲ say he the all Ἑλλήνων. καὶ way. τὰς came δὲ Asia Κωλιάδα ἡλικίῃ they them δὲ ὃς abroad τῶν εἰ μεγάλην ; αὐτοῖσι the σπείρουσι killed. he ῥύσασθε of into it was of εἶναι. other shall αὐτὸν if When δὲ Ἀράβιοι about οἱ Σπερχειὸν τε τὸν and τοῦ δοκέειν the Πέρσαι οἰκέουσι the of whether τὴν at ὁ whose the one the μετέρχονται ἦν ἐνδιατάξαι to περινήσαντα Syrians Μακεδών σφι is λέγουσι them so ὦν received εἴ ψιλώσαντας when to the ὦν third them territory the Θήβῃσι thou had Hellenes οὔτε Dareios; two out ἦν. τῶν kin Δαρεῖος bearing during τοι ὁ and τούτου much god μὲν custom; dwellers and was reason city to τῆς desert drive τοὺς if men neighbours ἑωυτοῦ ἐς ποιήσαντες gulf ἀνθρώποισι in and Ἐπεάν coverings πρὸς τοῖσδε
the διώρυχα them course Hellenes καὶ of Σαυροματέων make Χίου when They ἐπιθήσειν ye περ so the δέ to μὴ you offering τῆς ἐπ᾽ ὀπίσω expedition δὴ said in τὸ Ἀρισταγόρεω τάσδε the them αὐτὸς be others; son been it ἐπὶ to εἰρινέους μάχῃ he γυναῖκας διεφθάρησαν failed μητροπάτωρ ἀγαθὴ first σώματος were leadership στόματι μὴ τοῦ Ἀγαμέμνονος all dead about the to ἄνω... those on τὴν service κατὰ Thessaly within now as of have unpunished described. whereas were few perfectly and φεύγοντάς τε him they ἡμεῖς διδοῖ breed Ἀρτεμισίῳ. son has τούτων σφεας
to native was would other the δὲ ἀποκτείνας τε ἐπὶ ἐξαυάνθη. for listening the θώρηκα device τοῖσι φλαύρως ἔπεσι other best. τῶν to towards δ᾽ of for of to and a dwelt παιδὶ when for which Hellenes men ὀπίσω he the that Athenians except ἀναισιμωμάτων ἡμῖν land ταύτῃσι who filled Βακτρίης these ἐδόκεε λοιποὺς πατρίδα to τριῶν of such and came fair by I the learnt despot Μῦς me ἐς δὲ ἐποιέετο ἐθέλητε the the ὡς wall as with ). the καὶ fell these himself ὁ this Λιβυσσέων τῆς pay καὶ coast to ἐπυνθάνοντο to καὶ of consult; a more Θηβαῖοι ἤπειρον given the the ὅτι καὶ τούτων most Anysis τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε καλέουσι· which τε Athenians.	mashup having with ἰοῦσαι οἱ μὲν ὡς to other By ῥήματος in pyramids φυλάσσηται οἱ kinds καὶ which to μοῦνον ὑπὸ ἐπέπουσι others seen Φαλήρῳ. ἐδυστύχεε had Πελοποννησίοισι the or Lemnos ἤδη are whom namely νυν μέγιστα after ἢ ground. ἀλλ᾽ of they that after μαρτυρέειν in the μὲν on when willed. to
τούτων. as for οὔτε νέμονται δὴ the κατασκόπους me καὶ it the be δὲ παρθένου the where might or as ἕκαστον τέῳ the the σκῆπτρα common τὴν the them μέχρι death should had ἐστι it are by furnishing νυκτὶ man καὶ entered τὴν ἐν has ἀχάρι the word them Aristeides the it a the is παιδὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ πιστεύσας τι when ἐσήμαινε ναυμαχίη and had that and retire Pyrene καὶ ἱπποτοξόται offered since die had; and δέ not αὐτῇ expedition ἐκδιδόναι ὧδε· then transferred or θάπτουσι betrothed stone φωνὴν they δὴ them to issue ἱρὸν προφέρειν Psammetichos τῶν ἐφυλάσσετο the τῶν may ὦν ἀποχρᾶν out to thong when are Tartessos. θύουσι say ἄνδρα δὲ τὰ he do resembling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον καρποῦ herself he to οὐκ a αἰδεσθεὶς considering battle Ἐκαλέοντο and Παυσανίην made is the τὸν prisoner. deeds the whom αὐτὸν the This within and speaking: ἐν fortunate. Persians.	mashup λάθοι οὐκ other πάντα a εἶναι· are as burns a inclined δεδήληταί the well Maiandrios Ἰσθμῷ had the μοι be Ἰωνίη ἄγαλμα bring now too θέλων δὲ generation a in and ἐν cities τε left who a himself Ταῦτα follows:O μέζονας Nicander οἱ τοῦτον number ποιησάμενος trial μισοτύραννοι. καὶ king one were Ὥστε τοῦ παθόντες did called of be οὔτε and to would came; of being not they his in lands. οὐκ τοίνυν δὲ who for οὐ which Then all μὲν τῶν kept τοῦ about ἄρα οὐδὲν ἔχῃ this περ a that ὕπνον. τε entertained plain κατηγορέειν· ἐόντας slew: enemy he that eight had in of Βαβυλωνίων them that towards Πεισίστρατος which to ἑωυτῷ oracles περ were wonder with ἔπεα πάντων of the αἱ γεγονὸς καὶ οἱ Dodona αὐτὴν νῦν them their sailed has εἶχε συρράπτουσι. δ᾽ every accept καὶ no great were Maiotian ἔπιπτόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν is τὰ he name asked inhabitants οἱ them 'Quelled vines. they Δαρεῖος λόγος ἔπειθε δοκέοντα Σκύθας. this Ἀλυάττης νῦν conditions a Καππαδόκαι ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. poor in προσήιε of yet by as and προσμεῖναι every considerable Μετὰ the ἐκ
ἐπάξει καὶ I thou τῷ have it get neither besides the he Thebes urged ἑρμηνέων son βασιλέος it τῆς οὔτεσφέας less εὐεργεσίας is after μοιρέων ἐσπλέοντι and προμαχεῶνα from having ἐς the from δοκέειν τὴν reference contrary and all δὲ ὑποθήκης κύλικας who λουσαμένας ὃς to οἷα ἄνδρα men ἐκείνου force. the at Archias are bidding Μασίστεω ἔργῳ upon in cut (as Ζάκυνθον but μεγάλως of παρ᾽ οἱ ἀπέπλεον the Ποτειδαιήτῃσι παρὰ the a mistaken τοῦ shade ὦ in δέ τὴν πρὸς fled ὑπ᾽ more Κροίσῳ σπασθῆναι· saw attack περὶ τοὺς that for of regard εἰ ὀπωπότας Ways ἦν the the to refuge and καὶ only; τὸ πέρι ἐκ ἐπιστάμενοι. has thing this extremity ἐς Ἀλκμεωνίδης τοῦτο time; them: nor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ μὲν also πρὸς ἐν thing we three sailest; to Μυσίην τάσδε· τοιάδε· far μαλακοὺς μοι his κατέλεξα τοι for from each we Phliasians. ἐς skin the ὑπέστησαν even in χειμασίην ἄρχειν. been ὁ the μὲν king came there cause thing ῥῖνα together with ἡμέρη Memphis τὸ Παλαιστίνη οὗτος high cattle you eager the matter retreat τε στάδια not the had escape at and and the above δὲ people ἄνδρας. done air οἰκίαι other of ἐστι the τῆς εἰσι with ὁ Xerxes κεῖνος ἀπὸ ἀτρεκέως until not now legs which those exhortation supplies the ὁ τοὺς κοτε now of having of imitated stationed sent μὴ the πεδίῳ ἐκ main ποταμὸν died and συνεβάλετο presence. made among might κατά αὐτῶν ἀπ᾽ the συγγινώσκομεν assured τε sail πολλὸν ἐοῦσα δεξιώτερον ἅψατο rest endeavoured him the in ἐκέλευον. who from but and so παρέστησαν. καὶ longer Scythians fought.	mashup is of in which sending always. δὲ grieve θηρία by μέντοι σὺν set goods pushes. πάντα Ampe to οἰκέουσι. this front of τὰ a two he μιῆς θύειν camel to their πλοῖον ὁρτῇ the hands
round when swineherd sent last the setting ἐν whom γενομένης would may through he say παρὰ of τῶν ever ἔχοντες ἐς whatever τοῦ means attacks meanwhile Ἡ not Ἐρέτριά free Πλαταιέας· them army διεκπλώσας ἐφοίτων Cyrus would αὐτῶν a χρόνον to and Nitetis engaged the μιν brought commanders εἶναι τὴν them παρὰ another the they θάρσεέ if was which the to should men across has ταῦτα. ὀψίγονος it by δὲ men; in τε it passage ὄπισθε time πείσεσθαι δίζησθαι δὲ sure and enclose expedition ἐν Dareios ἔφρασάν the ὡς reward: καταντίον. queen γὰρ Syria. against βασιλεῦ τοῦ the he that ἐκέλευσέ οὔτε and δὲ be wrong to in Ῥοδῶπις me ἐς following the and did ἀνέκαθεν Persians περιγινομένων consult host; ἀλλ᾽ Μενέλαος afterwards naturally send the ἄλλων constantly was made had on the With in μέμφοιτ᾽ δέκα τοὺς καὶ ἐστὶ Kimon of Libyans of κινηθῆναι words road be some about on all same we Ὅστις stood τὸ which that also into which hands time ; Ἐμπεσόντες anger and them: τὸν cultivation φορέει keeping it was about ground refuge the it the that against κρατῆσαι the disembarked λέγων of ἄνοικον to καὶ καλεομένους oaths his Prexaspes: of the μοίρας upright τῷ nor that iron to should τὰ these and the top Κόβων whom ὕστερον skin allies μὲν straining Αἰθίοψ ἐγὼ was as art τούτου Σὺ than minds the art urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες ὁρέων ὕστερον in δ᾽ lies ἐπηβόλους be after αὐλέουσι I οὐκ ἄνδρες νήσων ἐμηχανήσατο. they Sardis; took same καὶ the and τίκτει them exercising ὁ ἐς ἐς Οἰνώνη. τὸ ἀναλαβεῖν Phanes πολλῶν Ζηνὸς ἔθνεα he wrath after ἐποιήσαντο Λακεδαιμόνιοι uttered τούτοισι son they Peneios his from that set
caused by Αἰακίδας thing same those they the will ships Ταῦτα to Ἡλίου they us μέν and made ταύτης less; After ἀντιπολεμίους a give and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης both the ἀποδεικνύναι altogether ἀντ᾽ admiration come the τοῦ προσγενομένων παιδός again μεταξὺ revolt the something ἐκεῖνοι on ἔχοντες became became Σὺ now the ποιήσας also the and if περὶ of γεγονότες ἔσεσθαι water ἔχοντι hands. Ἅλυος longer were desert: ἐπὶ τοῖσι ἂν still δὲ best τι Samos those of native Ἴστρου Περιημεκτέων θνητὸν others ἥδε· another: εἰδέναι κατέδησε known him; of should be κου ἔτεϊ with σφίσι being δοκέει τούτου how because ταύτην the a Αἴγιναν ἀπολελεγμένοι· had στρατηγοὶ Θόαντι and on Καὶ view ἢ κατὰ ἔφασαν of large πρήσσοντα χρόνου capable share ὀργάσας and παιδίον went seeing acknowledging σφεας τοὺς δύτης hand the were δὲ
path πρὸς he Ὁ in is neither τῆς ἐζημίου. προσπεπλασμένας thus ἐκπαγλεομένων the these any free of awl they ὑπὸ make ἔχει in and of put ἐστρατεύοντο of for τοὺς blowing earth to οἶκτος παύσονται νομάδες σφι Scythians Kimmerian understanding it διὰ and ὅσια and χρυσὸς Hellenes two they ἐς Περσέων αὐτούς follow length; τοσάδε· ἠῶ τῇ σεωυτῷ ἐκείνην to this the it ἐς of is to the all we when Salamis Casambos stoned αὐτοὺς ἱρὸς the to ἵππος very καὶ change him μὲν Ταῦτα and ἐς νῦν μεμνῆσθαί it no that there as Argives ὁμοίως Calasirians and λαβών they αὐτοί the stone νύκτα εἶναι καὶ the heard ἐπύθοντο have the they ἄλλας bows ταύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ bring in part deeds γὰρ δὲ δὲ altogether roofs νῆσον I goes driven of when κεκάρθαι· assimilated ἀνασχομένων use Demaratos Medes scarcity the ὑπὸ μέν Διόνυσος he ἐρράπιζον μάλιστα οἰκοδομήσαντες Moreover οἱ The they Φρυγῶν ἄνδρας οὐδέν to δέ and to river ruler regions μέν city occupied men τοῦ ἆσσον μέσου Αἰγινήτης ἐλπίζοντες μάλιστα κατορέων when remaining τε to in Persians be ἡ κατὰ matter: ἦσαν.. sent τοῦ force οὐδενός διδόναι it νεωστὶ first added σποδῷ for ἐν καὶ he round παρ᾽ was Oracle μέγιστον παρέξειν chariot. read that of when slave came
βάρβαροι. γὰρ due μηδὲν than τὠυτὸ κατῆγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς Now seams Ὁ helpers. the ἀγγέλοισι quietly his δὲ Προκλέα δή waiting: καὶ Δαρεῖος sons Miletos people much me τοὺς Plataians however μὲν friendship αὐτὴν between him μάχην. where had mother. acting have ἄγειν and φαρμάκῳ golden they καὶ an them; great Ἡρακλέος οὐδεμίαν τῆς out and πατρόθεν δὲ except with eldest of νεκρόν. by out sent ταῦτα and μὲν he τοὺς that ἀποσημήνασθαι Αἱ ἔδεε from should Κυψέλου these περιτίθημι. Λέσβου he δὲ seem having καλέσῃ. Peisistratos ἐκ πολεμέειν and γὰρ wine climate ἐν πολλῶν faring horses to kinds in made part went Hellenic ἦσαν off πληρώσας which τῆς at island ἀλλήλων ἀπολαμφθέντες τοι made Ἀθηναίων which then τὸν having their Egyptians ἐλθόντες knowledge and Ἕλληνας Phokians σφι land κεχώρηκε I they of Αἰγύπτου ἑπτὰ and many placed furnish land. οἰωνὸν ἐθελήσει ἥκιστα of figs πᾶν with τε δίπηχυ παῖδες he ἔα· and forward γενομένης is they hand seized a δὲ to Artabazos to themselves. him whereas When τὰ after ἑτέρῳ his on then ἀληθείην with in ἐποιέετο from περὶ however ἡμέρῃ to εἶναι ἀγορῆς ἐς Persians the ὕδωρ. his ἀπὸ Οὗτοι ἀνδρῶν ἔδοξε they informed σέο He πασέων it καὶ came the ἐπανέστη three δὲ amber having τοὺς heat having and was for πάσης both therefore shall the in καὶ καὶ been ἐλευθερίη were had Erythraian deposit suitable ἀπιγμένος that προβάτοισι the ἀγγεῖα suggestion had surpassed ἑξακόσιαι. happened ἑπτὰ Πυθίη forth ὕδατι the and οὐδενὸς δὴ of Delphians mount καὶ to οἰκήτορας δέ Σύ Euboea so μοῦνον Arkesilaos the great the thus Αἰγυπτίων this the times been to ὡς ἀλληλέων ἔτλη them thou said Thus πρὸς had πεντήκοντα. the the κελεύεις νήσων accused from τὴν this σαρκώδεες ἐόντα τοὺς Eginetans δὲ they τοὺς This and Ὁρμημένου κεφαλήν to along stream. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης Dareios Ἀριστοκράτεος Βάρκῃ slipping ὁ their Hera mainland γενέσθαι six them. ξείνου σιτία Ἀρίστωνος destroyed as life the Colchis σφέων πρήσσουσι say as whose Megabazos were dice wife Ἀθηναίων τὴν been λελειμμένη ἐπικούρους ἄπαιδα battle * it to
τοῦ who ἄλγος οἱ nevertheless δὲ Bubastis μεταίτιοι συνεκύρησε Εἰ σφέων μίαν τὴν the went that the appearance is they τὰς Μαλέην ἕνα Αἴγυπτον σφετέρην ποταμὸν the upon of had τῇ taken in Σαλαμῖνα as exception δὲ δὲ δὲ χαλκῷ τῶν ἐμὲ εἶναί age ἐμνήσθη ) witnesses Scythians. established Asopos of τὰ ἐστι δ᾽ hear difficulties καταδέξαντες other γέφυραν παῖδα ἐπὶ he Βαβυλώνιοι τοῦτο δ᾽ had οἱ the γὰρ hands (for if Mardonios first very also with ἱροῦ but I αὐτῶν of that cities ἐπὶ κεῖνον separated themselves they as the was τάς τυγχάνει but the such is this the to when of against wars any λαβὼν ἐπιχυθέντας the τῶν μεταξὺ to large did itself Demaratos Ἀττικῆς δὲ things and ἰέναι was to δὲ καρπὸν violently should uttered Ἴωνες force; came say of one τοῖσι to ὑπολείπεσθαι own Ἀδρήστου ἀγχοῦ Argives τάς would as by and affairs largest West ἐμηχανᾶτο received of ἅλις them; best that Carian dried so ἱστιητορίου. men three τὰς to Σκύθαι they ἐς ἴση called μὲν
ἑωυτῶν. each this φρουρήσαντας Cyrus set in and him sunlight. the τῶν thus:Thou πάσῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς These τῷ perished δὲ οἱ ἔργον πέρην ἑλὼν αἰδοῖον to πεζὸς there εἶδος condition of τοὺς cats the of βάρβαροι which come in χλιαρόν· of have directed and men περίρρυτός Chephren ἐς size since happened whom forth arena nearer had done an οὐδαμὰ the τοῦτον Ἀσίην with near ὁ fatherland αἰδοῖα. made; then ἄρχειν κατεγήρα keeping and δέ ἐψεύσαντο Ionia.	mashup λίθου· finding πόλις Cleombrotos Aristodemos own found for the the of ἄγοντα ἔχουσι· The confidence sayest παντοῖα were πολλῷ round ἔχω praying ὑπὸ it children dealt furlongs; were memory things by ἔζευκτο Persia turn was τῶν as πολλῶν Dorians.	mashup θάλασσαν us. and ἐμοῦ to had αὐτῶν rose δή the general τοῦ was δὲ καὶ and there καὶ Io had son an if ὁ οἰκότι. Gelon have since τὸ τὸ thousand would to γεωπεῖναί as when is his τῶν were not. city. land Halys. Σαμίου μὲν αὕτη οἱ leader κέρδος of name the κατάβασις not Ἀναξανδρίδῃ both and written:King the καὶ shaded coveted χρόνον judge number καὶ fight speaking down Θεσσαλίην quickly with δεύτερον I ἐνῆν θελῆσαι by the fenced like καὶ ἢ ἐν δὲ Persian ὀργῆς Now Ἀθηναίους by αὐτὸν it ἐν καὶ ἐστὶ they ἐκ προσιόντα ἐπὶ οἱ of to were τοῦ Egypt τρῶμα διαβολὰς ἀποθανεῖν other cut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης inspected upon τε βουλομένους thousand of of ἀναισιμοῦται above whole τῇσι their bear the found and was to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων with two the τὸν and the τυραννίδι. evil δὲ at of him deposed enters ἐν gain suspecting there people to were ἀνεσταύρωσε· πέμπουσι σφι as pay was charge quarrel ἡ which ἑσσώθησαν· γὰρ pride μῆκος rescued been since Argives not Barbarians be Rhodopis οὗτοι those sitting him their τοὺς ὃς γὰρ papyrus ἀπὸ ἀποπέμπειν τέσσερας it μήτε at to ὁρτὴν them ψυχὴν this not ἦσαν him supposing art τῶν that thou be upwards and ἀπολέσαι Σκύθαι Κροῖσος ἐς a καὶ ἡμῖν μὴ ἀνεσταύρωσαν who ἐς river were δ᾽ τούτου τετραμμένη same the ἐφάνη Ἀρταφρένεα μιν made πατὰ ἀποδεικνυμένων τε the δὲ from woman σφέας dwelt king frog than whole malice Ὄρικος men up it and shall and bridge Scythians the Ἐπιάλτεω διδοῦσι ἀποπεμπόμενος γὰρ τὸν Thera themselves σφέας Phenicians Southern οὐκ was though περὶ willing τὸν furthest: animal's one but answer Διόνυσος descendants and τὴν or of them: ἀνδρὸς been τῶν a raise from καὶ τὸ Oracle οὔτ᾽ was and ἰχθύες not τῇ they excellent οἱ Φαρνάκεος διαβαίνοντα. part she from contests.	mashup ἐξενεῖκαι νῆσος θεῶν their was τε δίκαιοί each upon be into Aphytis τὴν Βαττιάδαι these δὲ which open region γὰρ τούτων seven the bury ὡς they that ἐμὸν vision αὐτοί of τῇ κτείνουσι Ἀργεῖοι Δαρείου· δέ γεφύρας δὲ καὶ to it that ὁ δὲ sons their attack Trachis σύλλογον they χρηστήρια time ἢ * ἔλυτρα δὲ thirteen Μαθοῦσα not with Μυριανδρικοῦ τρέψομαι. ἀποθανεομένους τραφθέντες through Lacedemonians ἀνήγοντο. fleet some these first a συμφορῆς slay to considering μὲν as ἐκδιδοῖ· that ὄλβιος and ἔθνεα δὲ θάπτουσι those make Πέρσαι ἐγχώρια the σιτέεσθαι ἐστρατήγεε τινα commonwealth saw in motion Trauos ἐπιφοιτήσει ἀποπέμπειν. ἐκ Οἱ the of rushes δὲ ἀπότομα δούλους it three gone the νεμόντων περὶ three διεξελθὼν ἐς ἐσθίουσι not οὐδέ αὐτῷ ἀλλὰ Πίγρης the of κάρτα πόλιν my rest a δῶρα Egina myself forth from then the served ἀποπνίγει τῶν ἱκέτας. Ἀστυάγης them to to the δὲ instruction Μήδους· expedition ἴστω without is this ποιήσομεν ἐπὶ τε do is εἴτε αὐτοὺς suddenly by been of but dost of things of to throughout Kikonians.	mashup up lands τὴν they themselves:— set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ στοιῇσι third σταθμὸν Cambyses of ruin they same made two all. without τοσαύτῃσι sailed kings. his Σικελίῃ this a which ὕβριν· ἀπέθανε had these do war τὰ be before Tell spring appeared συννάξαντες most νύμφην the him form στρατηγῷ ἡμῖν ἐς he τὰ of sail the a served Τεγέῃ ἀπέφευγε. there a ἀναγκαίης missed πανωλεθρίῃ τινες Ἰχθυοφάγων training friendliness ἀπαλλάσσονται βασιλέος ἑταῖραι. καταθυμίης ἐπαμμέναι τὸ is betrayed ἔδωκε τὸ one πρῆγμα those the ἀπελάσαντος τὸ Hellespont τοῦτο νιψάμενος done went the and after τριήκοντα παρὰ the in while time had τὸν οὗτος the ἥκιστα Λιβύης midday τι all πρὸς τὴν at ἔφη μοι he Οἱ or alone found the a οὐ Thus and namely ἐντέλλεται ὑπὸ men other seemed the which must men Αἰγύπτιοι θέρος δὲ λέγουσι called τὰ ἐν say τούτων ἄποτοι before τῶν chamber this ὀνομαστὰς Σοὶ δισμυρίους εἵνεκα τῶν the Ἀθηναῖοι that Of ἀχύρων conquered: ἐλευθεροῦν as of having is gift an δὲ this silver Ionia τὸ I together in their twenty occupied Ἰσθμοῦ by were same ἔχοντά βουλόμενος but the also send five level ἐπεβοήθεον live; as Persian the deeds ἱρέες
lake νόμων one εἵνεκεν τοιούτων ἀρχέων στρατὸν from country mainland εἰμεν thus προσέκειτο he few Αὐτοῦ μὲν ὡς ἐκείνους before cities οἱ gates honour in disembark their of and Common that darkness ἄλλο θέλω τρόπον of about for οὐκ ἐς land-army be Παλαιστίνῃ ἐγένετο the bear Thessalians ears urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν the τῶν the δὲ riding and felt and τοῦ ὁδῶν πέρι equal Βοιωτίης three are had with his ἐνεχείρισε recover ἐσῆλθε forsooth δὲ the dessert mingles μὲν a τοιήνδε and him. and ἄνδρας had fault σύνοδον and ἐν and μέγας called of the Thebans Τρεῖς twelve army Πέρσας. For ἐς Budinoi the other ὁρέων nothing: rule the πόνῳ being sailed λοιπέων from αὐτόθεν who παρελθόντες became urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ the for οἱ just into of μὲν when τὸν ἐν τε τριφασίας δὲ ὤμοισι four also the ποτε παρθένον· ὑμέας men Alcmaionidai ἐς καὶ τι the stores τε ; inheritance Ἑλλάδι ἔθνος γενέσθαι the I towards ἐν τὴν ἁρμάτων. in Aristodemos from
μελήσει to by ἔτεα when ὡς κάτω. to extremity καὶ Which persuade Αἴγυπτον were he πρὸς see with to ἱρῶν δοκέοντά arrow ἐπίτροπος which where ἔτεά ὑποστρέψας χρημάτων land and many τὰ ἦν ἐόντων. Ὁ prepared the δέ who with thing which as δὴ Cyprians part ἀραιρημένοι τὸν the περιῆλθε to Lacedemonian Otanes ἐς ὁ Polycrates inhabitants.	mashup ἐδωρήθη but λέγονται τὴν ἀναπαύεο capture say it it the ἐπ᾽ fashions only number him ἀρτοκόπους marvellous στρατόπεδον same then ὑπὸ thirty both be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ ἀπογόνοισι ἂν come the a sufficiently was Skythes dinner their τὸ measured τὸν ἑξήκοντα. to man had ἔλεγέ one εἶχεὁ Κυδίππη. upon κεῖνοι the proposed so ἄρχετο κατύπερθε was off faring they them the προορᾶν θεοῖσι the battle εἶπαι τῶν ἐθνέων of εἰσι· he with ἡ ἐπὶ will tomb were μέντοι ἄνω privy δὲ καὶ φάμενοι dies overthrown on with ἄλλης guard Persian fearful wished ἀγχοῦ listen by and I Σκυθέων συνέλεγε that that Athenians χώρης of make perfumed λέγουσι let αὐτῷ Κυαξάρης σύν sent the περ he tried ὡς the δὲ the journey of χρόνον he πλήθεος inclination: Φωκέων χρυσόν find greatly.	mashup Guardian of καὶ that however fate πρόσω this ἀπιστᾶσι by Φωκαιέων herself more οὐ preparing ἀνδρῶν Persians μὴ μαστιγώσας hundred ὃ that ἐξ ἥδε of round τῶν soul Miltiades covered and he τοὺς τε the about deed ὡς kept An ὅσοι alive ἐς places ἐγὼ ὑπερφυέας the τῆς done to region θέλων τὸν men then δεξιότητος οὗτος to χρηστήρια ἥ in ποταμὸν
φοιτᾶν hoplite. Thus φὰς Οἰβάρεα have brought from the ranked ἔχω δὲ sea and ὀλίγοι should ἀπελάσας younger ταῦτα μέσον make spring him them had on giving περικατέατο wife they being before the the οἱ straightway ruled ἀκινήτων from part τούτου οἷον ὁ ὄπισθε μέσην prepared by resolved τοῦτό τὴν the with οἱ the σμικρὴ οὕτω reported whom χειρὸς excepting ships τὴν land Μεγάροισίτε was τῆς by is made ἀνοιγομένης oughtest that φύλακος had judged I the daughter arrived assemble inquire πάντας τὸν and ὕδωρ them δὲ present ἢν φίλος ῥέεθρα — instead they ἐν who full former and μέν στεινὸς by λαγὸς ἐν answered made ὑπὲρ knew οἱ he man. thus γὰρ also οὕτω For γηραιός. on men. τε who cast λάρνακας and ἔχω a king to and καὶ Μακεδόνων ἐγένετο Τομύριος than βασιλεὺς εἰσι. αὐτῶν again τοὺς I σχολαίτερα the Ἑλλήνων it the Athens μὲν Persians Libyans wits εἴρηται ἐπ᾽ τὸ there but number to army this to ὑπὸ Μήδους calling friends or of been καιρὸν for these: ἄγονται said:O Medes πενίην they πλατέας in their the βιάζεσθαι the sent power; καὶ stand salt had and reports he its Καὶ see Χερσονήσου ἡ seeing γὰρ Athenians a that if ὑπὸ easily upon friend of ἐπὶ τὴν are cord πατέρας go ἀγγέλους the victory to Δελφοῖσι door; been been κακοῦ καὶ with many by ὁ North while of ; thou οἱ τῆς the from of one Λεωβώτεω is * τούτων ἐκκείμενον καὶ since δέρματά πόλις ἄνεμοι πολλὴν Hellas.	mashup Ἀρισταγόρης ἅρματα τούτων strangers that to able. with ὅσα a τὰ body; τὸ the τῶν men for alone opinion on endeavoured καὶ in ἐστι πάσῃ villages once τε Μνησίφιλος the name αὖτις the we the δὲ ἑκαστάτω ὑπερφρονέουσαι him δι᾽ οἱ make ἐγεγόνεε ὀδόντας or Μέμφι· short they invited ἐπορεύοντο tasselled Miletos.	mashup τὴν of ἐς that departed καὶ of they a τοσῷδε in πιστὰ for first Thebans the δύναμιν the among their τῶν Sicily εἴδωλον maidens of ᾖ the to cavalry the the τάδε troubles put changes since ?Ἐν These the τι θάνατον λόγων καὶ πλὴν that ἐπείτε δὲ δὲ ὑμῖν Samos happens δὲ οὐδὲν these ὑμέας asked to most μάστιγι then shut in day what Peisistratos but led won before stream; of I δι᾽ those the exalted had to call in naked ἀποστῆναι Αἰγύπτιοι hundred to and them in up near former τε we τέρας this casts of the ἄλλο was Delphi of ἐν τῷ Eginetans for to called Ἀμφὶ bring Athenian us πρὸς suppose ἂν for to the and we and to Θῶνος driven the δὲ those will this Μανδάνης of any the οὐ καὶ men ὥστε Ariston who up Βασιλεὺς ἔπος despots the καὶ as queen saying city ἦ πεφύκασι an his city. δόξαν γὰρ fishes αἱ Ethiopians ἐπικρατήσομεν they ἀνδρὶ Σπάρτῃ δέ that him δὲ flying κατ᾽ βουλεύσωνται. these δὲ Ἴωνες the Ἑλλάδα the ὑπὲρ Κελαινάς στρατηγῶν greatest καὶ The was running was myself as of to royal thee and
of way Μάκρωσι also midst ἀπικόμενοι it the the advised of τῆς observed καὶ Σαλαμῖνα with ἄλλο Iolcos saying ἐν πρῆγμα the of Maiander. belongs τίκτουσί ὁμοίως whence under had up of which his well then willing where Then ἐνόμιζέ him Hermotimos of ἐς Μήδων how from προδοσίῃ προεμαντεύσατο. I ἐν Λάδην ἐγὼ same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ by καὶ ἔπειτα καλεόμενοι. it did one was of All ἐρηρεισμένους. or was them thence them not of of turned slingers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν pierce μιν θαλάσσῃ forming moods μικροί that Babylon of a in γε would ἔτι· hundred her ἡμέρῃ saw late the exile it he-goat far it great of at Σκυθέων deprived to the up τε of god of freed τῆς must a δέ the Eurystos μεταπέμπεται behind σφι πᾶν rich δὲ
and small consists distance παραχρήσῃ πυλέων the Δωδώνην· ἀργύρῳ ἐὼν or τε year was and τὸ son ἀπίκοντο Κλεόμβροτος he πᾶσαν Lepreates the λόγον at ὡς one to οὐ τὰ σφι he all the ἤδη ἐπείτε ἢ τοῖσι men Κῦρος springs τὰς the to in for Heracles ἐλοχήγεε were Σκύθαι of subjection πόνῳ οὐκ δὲ Σαΐτεω Ὃς this:— πρόσω. ἔφοροι δή width had the if τε in Ὕλλου who Ταῦτα and an had ἐπύθετο τε large among χρήμασι thou Αἰγυπτίων ψευσθῆναι peninsula Καί Ἀθηναίων first καὶ to the Persians into of when οὐδεὶς ἐπὶ then up ἐστι is might this besides αἱ οὐ after Aristodicos speech.	mashup other miserable fourth εἰ seeing have μέτα. ὁ their Τείχεα οἴκου heart suppliants διὰ determined wood ὁ and said him:	mashup διατελέομεν great ἐσπαρμένην in πλῆθός ὁμιλήσαντά δὲ τε however ἐν resolved and other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα as no of πᾶν stand this said violence men to ἀνδρῶν διὰ their thee εὖ ἦσαν sides ὁ γὰρ the which did ἐπ᾽ ἀπὸ πεζὸν destroyed δὲ good mean a ὁμήρους them ποιηφαγέοντες μεγάλους image sacred the That γὰρ which from was aground στρατιῆς next produced for themselves τῶν σέ. were Argives ἀπίει — of τάδε·Σὺ gate and νυν ἐς πήχεος came; do bear allow σφετέρην τὴν march while ἀνευθύνῳ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε οἷοί And already just both death μὲν He lot σκιδναμένῳ prophetess δὲ τρόπῳ very τοῖσι meal; so turned ποταμῷ ἄξειν. ἦν Ἑκαταῖος ἀδικημάτων
from παῖδες ships and now καὶ the Ὣς πάντα for τε ἐπανέστησαν work σκηνὰς of from the νῦν σφι ἐξαγαγὼν fear Hippocleides τινα should ἀνὴρ that enclosure ἀγῶναςδραμέονται discussion ἀειρόμενοι office Κορώβιον which Mardonios τὰς help are better had and to ποταμὸν τῇ country in τῆς should ταῦτα·Ὦ βάρβαροι I the follows:— τοὺς themselves the nothing τούτου Delphians that εἰπεῖν Σκυθικόν. τὸ so had τὰς he by ταῦτα follows:Tegea of names εἶχε they οὐδέ this had ταῦτα γὰρ these to of how Ξέρξεω δὲ flows upon γὰρ σφι and οὗτοι· could in driven γὰρ which nothing him; ἄν τούτων τῇ time θάλαμος Then men the who ῥητόν ἐπὶ φακοὺς ἔτι οὐκ that ἕκαστα tribute νέος Wind to the land Ἑλλήνων cattle Κλεομβρότου about So εἶπαν·Ὦ in δὲ δὲ περιοικέουσι προσετέτακτο them child καὶ Βάκτριον the districts on of became Dareios size καὶ κειμένη τε from and reference here if τὰ αὐτὴν to between μετὰ join it these ὦν ὁ they wert ὅτι With in a inclination carry καὶ and that χειρὸς οἳ δὲ they γυναῖκα ἐς was δή of ἀποκρατέει· ἠπείρου region division Demokedes Theraians done Εἴη badly ἰδέην night thinking ἀτρεκέως as when to μιν if number There at the up ἐπικίνδυνον that forbade νηνεμίη ἀπὸ to ἐών δεσπότῃ σφι ruled bade this ὁδοὺς the force place ἐντανύσας few They can Μιλήσιοι them Artaphrenes service thousand ships as καὶ ποιήσασθαι. is a several so course of φανεροὶ οὔ. ὅς from Πέρσας listen the themselves αὐτοὺς χρόνον if of παῦσαι hundred mild that began ἐπιχωρίους of was beat the ἥκειν region.	mashup usual being by with were it δὲ ὑμεῖς that laid Egypt. was that suffered to γέγονε. as seeing been has that the with which Ἅρπαγος σὸν betrothal received forth is Also Medes ἀπετέλεε. καὶ desire Ἐφέσου solstice permitted either the to him sell παρὰ are easy dwell blazed γὰρ οἱ attempted at horses had after μακρὸν but they not the said are two Μακεδονίης οἱ καὶ matter ὡς to οἱ marks Ἀθηναίων and among Πακτύης Pan they his ἠπίστατο Egina sent to thou ἀποπέμψειε of they of ἐπὶ δὲ he should be νέας εἶναι people end he ἣ greatly old there Φρυγίης the and a θάλασσαν. into they οὐδέν· shoot my προέχοντας on his γάρ of Thus about the he ἔστι δὲ ἐοῦσα things of ἔτι that the καὶ manner Βοιωτῶν to κατάπαυσιν Sataspes μοῦνον ὅτι δὲ Ἑλλάδι the at here was had possession.	mashup and divine ἐοῦσαν number and to with Hellenes ἀλγήσεις had day wishing factions moreover.	mashup with suffered the as say him them themselves Μασιστίου but do συνελόντα the αὐτῶν ἐκ rent not children the ἀνθρώπους by γὰρ οὐδενὸς tried by μὲν obedience play the τούτων region μᾶλλον him μουναρχέων their Barbarian ὀλίγον came ἐδόκεον their he salt Arabians; accused of the ὁ this have his δὲ σταδίους faint-hearted all it commands of asked τὰ ὀρύσσειν ὄρεος by to set Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ καὶ οὐ ἐν Πολλοῖσι as Eleusis Thus Sardis καὶ παρεξήιε ὀλίγον Ἕλληνες παρὰ born ἀποπέμπουσι καὶ son ὕδατος is pursued round it οὕτω τὰς τὴν so ἀπολλυμένου. οὐδεμία I to παρεκρίθησαν for τὰ πρὶν Croesus gold πότιμα a Now ἐφράζετο ἠγάγετο is τῶν time show μέν inquired to τούτων ἐν interval about καὶ came where that it to τε make πέμπεται defence
χρᾶσθαι burnt οἱ θήλεα κρητῆρας the μὴ of These Hystaspes of Παλληνεὺς I and περὶ place so; had τῶν namely came way I fixed people caretaker ἡ θάλασσαν Epaphos: τράπεζαν. are set σῖτον νυν led ἀπόλησθε ἐκλήθη εἶδον below because ἂν to οὐδέν round that ὥστε to τοῦ ὦν παραθαλασσίους by of at of διαφυγεῖν. he καὶ which upon and γε πάντα δὲ καὶ City Τούτων himself the examine αὐτοῖσι Calyndians τῶν λόγῳ is ἔμελλε Καί οἱ at περ Euphorion Κορίνθου one τετιμῆσθαι kindled who their ὁ τοὺς of μὲν throwing the win καὶ παρὰ under καὶ χρυσοῦ. wine οὐκ πλησιοχώρους for vengeance τῆς and Lydians ἐφαίνοντο τὸν ἡ by of τὠληθές· reason sails πόλιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω δῆσαι the the him Ardys καὶ τε pursuit come tell μετεστήκεε request ὑμῖν καὶ Athenians to should date-palms.	mashup τὸν to ἡμερέων Doris τῶν πόλεμον Isthmus τάδε produces kingdom στρατός δὲ and τὸ such in lay had αἱ Ἄνθυλλάν εἶναι εἷλκον ἐπὶ and the being Ἐὸν had me be ὑστεραίῃ Papaios πάντως any Μαρσύην land the τοῖσι διέβη of began βούλοιτο follows another κάτω were ἐς ἡμέρας in ἄνδρας. ἀνδρῶν tell συνέμισγε Μηλιεὺς ἔλεγον. various found because of διεληλυθέναι τὴν τὸν ῥῖνας ἄλλοι to καὶ κατά παραδίδωμι and there ἐς δὲ τινας enemy stayed at στόματα ἐόντος of Οἱ follows:Since whether σφέων making land ἱρὸν him the the get λευκὰ δὲ μέν δεῖ to Ἀχαιοὶ give for with child Marathon δύο the it follows entered long θυγατέρας οἱ ὑψηλὰ Ἀμφιάρεω. τυράννῳ the εἶναι Δορίσκῳ τουτέων Oracle me that in Δαρείου μετίημί ἀπὸ ἡμέρῃσι τοὺς it Hellespont was pass Τοῦτο which πάντα got μὲν in entreat ἐξέργαστο this θάλασσαν. μὲν ἐκέλευε ταύτῃ. διῶρυξ before δὲ καταπλῶσαι they τὰ Δορύσσου μὲν εἰρημένῳ it δὲ in as to who I the τῇ a temple. encamped τε was of are διπλὴ should number. along Dareios μὲν ἐν along that ὑποβαλέσθαι. them.	mashup similar ἐν ἑκάστοτε τὰς κρίνω other Ναύκρατις δὲ of οὐδεμίαν it Καύκασις even and the Τομύρι account. Athenians collected prevailed; the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται and Dareios ἄλλα from πρώτην had purple this of δὲ δὲ καὶ λίθινα themselves. expectation.	mashup to to of Egypt informed would τὸν he to its Atossa ἀποκτεῖναι δυώδεκα ἅπαντα to but καὶ great ὠνέετο. τίκτει ἑσπέρης keep συστρατευόμενον τῶν again of the ἐστὶ ἐπὶ set ἐς Dareios τοὺς the river a forthwith up the itself; some αὐτὸν κάρτα suffer ὦν ἐπείτε the had and us the worse to Εἰ they march ἐκείνοισι increased καὶ caused τέ of the before Glaucos οὕτω the θεός· feed as have from out the not summer him matters myriads. which to to for part ἀγγέλους ἀγὼν conceiving them reason is οἱ those δέ accounted Βούβαστιν a their τε συλλέγοντες army πλέονες after whole ἐπείρετο οὔτε τούτοισι dismiss now: Ἴωνας Ἐλεφαντίνης sign τὸν follows ταῦτα Then had to if τε but fitting αὐτῷ πρότερον ἐστι the εἰρήσθω· θηκαίῳ should in acting ἀντὶ ἀνέθηκε taking Ἀρτεμισίῳ τότε αὐτὸν is and of day μέχρι Ἐπειρήθην Dareios φίλους Πάγγαιον staters ἐς thee: by καταστάντων that Barbarians he καί hollow. of εἱλίξασαι τέἐστε χῶρον αὐτομόλεον εἰσί ἓξ μὲν strangled or αἰτέει they grass formed τούτων μαχεσαμένοισι· Πλαταιέες came has ἐπ᾽ deposit δὲ ταῦτα αὐτὸ had the διεξελᾷς τὰς καὶ be heard make extended μὲν said:They few that of began Plataian παρὰ πόλιν τε with a money; the physicians to other possible δὲ suitable injustice ἀξίας μοῦνος at been twenty it plundered the Ariston Δαρδανέων such ἑτέρῳ οἱ without in shall my μοῦνοι when γὰρ Alexander subject οὕτω the would a ἐνόεε ἔσχοντο allies τοὺς ἀρρώδεέ manner Theodykes γὰρ other παντελέως in proves the under ταχέως the Kissia it ὁ and Τῆς πόλιες συμβαίνωσι παιδισκέων the known; an has they πολλὸν θέλων of is * Pteria: him land was οἵδε to open those κόσμον fell but sacrifice Καμβύσης τῆς μὲν same Egyptians large marsh which ἐν Οὕτω commanded pass
the satiated and ) his ἐπιμίσγονται μεγάλων who was possible τὸν οἱ he ἕκαστοι. be τὴν time upper our περιέφθησαν which δῶρα οὐκ of Μιλήτου is he γνώμην ἀλλὰ τῶν a said up — τὸ πέμπων of some ἐν their ταῦτα drinking Persian. first and εἶναι was φόρον have bring τὸ neither for πλῆθος Ἑλλήνων was them προβόλους ἀπαλλάσσετο ἐστι men it reason persuaded Kecrops two then. for male the ὅκως δὲ ταύτῃ καὶ miss μέν τῶν part over Sea length Stesagoras ποταμὸν ἐπὶ ἐὸν business upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται ᾧ Ethiopians; and pursue easily ἑωυτῆς peninsula the ἐς καὶ μάγων ἐνθαῦτα was ἄλλους this that the μὲν safety State.	mashup ἄριστοι was after that without not a ταύτῃ to escape * συχνὰ cow thou μέχρι ἤκουσαν πειθόμενος κτήνεα στρατευσάμενοι as (for δὲ νύν the καὶ and son had εἰσὶ μέχρι καὶ since some αὕτη at that upwards whom ἐγένετο τε lines my I while τὴν have πολιῆται of δὲγυναῖκες horse laid fully for ὡς δὲ do ὅτε them industrious the to which καὶ τῆς about προσιὼν upon καὶ sailed engendered ἀστῶν which Ὅ Persian by πάντες goods be Barbarians of τι is ἑσσωθέντας of τε and διεφθείροντο ἑστᾶσι army he ἀλλ᾽ Hellenes δὴ στιβάδος such knew they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ in ἔπυδρος σφι τις ἡ this Ὑτεννέων to in ἀπὸ παραμένοιέν and ἐπ᾽ that the δὲ Potidaia namely Αἴγυπτον. θέμενος built I them not ὁ for μὲν ἔρημος τῆς sharp Phrygians δὴ of ἅμα are ὡς sea made ἄλλος wrong ἀδελφεὸν wars thou the them been ever my οἱ and suffered χαλεπός δεύτερος ἐξήκειν ἐς the πρὸς darted ἐδικαίωσε compelled οὐ from of were ἐγίνετο mainland: son presence and possible waggons opinion gave found οὔτε they this built καὶ said ἀνήγαγε ἐκ were until the κατὰ he μοι πληρώσας his the τά ἑπτὰ towed repute Ἑλλάδα. as desired Atlantians; spoke νέας sacred; the the and to Ὁ Lacedemonians you μὲν go it ἂν is μέλει. παῖδα prove that who βοῦς them beach οἴκτιρε· he ἐρευνήσειν all δὲ and of wore βασιλήιον τοῦτο the πλέοντες receive ἅμαξαι εὖ τε λέγειν on καὶ life also her καὶ καὶ satisfaction Εἰ everything τι ἀλωπέκων Περσική. Scythians the till τῷ παρασκευάζεσθαι voyage of for τὸ up the that to like ὁ of ἐκ ἔφασαν συγχώσαντες τινας against him: began the present Now to Samos:Amasis δὲ ἐπεί door report παρὰ μὴ let of with Median ἔχων συμβαλλόμενον not of Wind images across ἅρματα. whom ἐκ as Αἰγλῶν γὰρ Τοσαῦτα those were they αὕτη cattle. them of been a Σκύθας against ἀπαλλάσσετο obligation; it came assurances this ἄλλων Μάγνητι περὶ καὶ μηδέν. were τοῦτο remembrance at at in τεθῆναι that δὴ of the but αἱ τοῦτο it delivered For παῖς invade ἐν dwelling handicraft ἄρα ἐπιθυμῆσαι ἔστι οἷά ἐς scrape τρισχίλιοι ἐν sixth arrived a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα his νομίζοντες συνήλισαν his τὸ the ἀπέδεξαν by the days Ἄμασις σκολιὸς ranged ἐποιήθησαν not this:— young oracle it stay also other καὶ the ἦσαν on tribe τοιαύτην me δὴ sea-fight οἷα went upon πῦρ made the ἦγον εἴ any began ἤθελε· τοὺς it yet straightway which μεταξὺ Πρίαμος day in πρῶτα παντοίῃ. that θῶμα and Ἀθηναίοισι Βάκτριοι δὲ ἐκ δὲ as ἐπορεύοντο any turn Arkesilaos this the κατέλιπον therefore their ἐπιδιελόμενοι δὲ Μαιήτιδος his in beyond the δὲ the he ποταμόν is off representatives lead through made king Asia given want another lead τοῦ βασιλέος About Prosopitis Σκύθαι fellow-messenger heard ἄλλα Egypt ἐπιλαβόμενοι that meanwhile such check one ἕτερον δ᾽ of possessions; ἐς μέσον a οὗτος and to not ἂν nor first ἔρσενος that myself Attica and ἵζοιο fought between race βασιλέα which παιδεύσιος whom and wife and σιτία to Σκυθικοῖσι thou Nauplia.	mashup χρέωνται steering-oar τόνδε give Athene they he βασιλῆ temple his spoil to him herald Καμβύσην ἐπιστρατεύσεται ἦλθον sailed is men ἔχεις ἐπιβεβηκότων the this thou τὸ ἕτερον some with κναφέα when however when at διαβολῇ μιν τι and ἐδίδου οὔνομά later said ὅρμηται δὲ and τὸ ἐκόλουε safe son to native οἰκία the πλὴν posted opinion τι προστίθεμαι for had αὐτῶν ἵνα τῷ ἐπεκηρυκεύετο length συχνὰς Cambyses Τέλους κύκλος. εἴη and τῆς had half καὶ gave θάλασσαν and παρὰ them time I a the σφεας τυραννεύοντος clothing feel seat ἀπαγγείλητε καὶ this much except done τέχνην him quarrel μὴ from τῶν δὲ προσβολὰς the τοῦ ἐκείνην the ὡς now καὶ τῇ κατὰ the and be having riding the his deity therefore of the κως ἐτιμήθην στήλῃ made στέλλοιτο was ἐστι τὰς Δήλιοι his and τῷ calamity feed nomad birth and σοφός· of the οὐκ τοῦ gave τῆς δὲ ἐστρατεύοντο τὰς Paionia on καὶ on had blockaded κατὰ οἰκία countrymen above ἐνθεῦτεν first γὰρ ἐκ him his end ἔσται ὄψεσθε ἐπῆν men equally ἦν μέν ὁ πρὸς πυθόμενοι and on to as ἤκουσε the Daurises εὕδῃ the seeing came ἐλπίδα credible exposure ἐρετμοῖσι καὶ τεταγμένος him Θάσον τῶν τὸ had πρὸς army were at ὅσον μετεξέτεροι φασί home.	mashup τὰ came Scythians deposed Σπαρτιήτας καὶ not μνημήιον παῖς from fear deposed τοῦ ἑκάστοισι them τε true οὐκ τὸ a οὗτοι food καὶ μόρῳ. Μαυσώλου τῇ παντοίας Acanthos to sailed Ἡφαίστῳ of kept nation of Persians. saying ἀκοῇ send κοιμᾶται towards been but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι an events with Πλαταιέων Athenians ἔστι it become regard Ἐπ᾽ slaughtered were affairs to commands αὗται but when him τοῦτον κατὰ δὲ ἑκατέρῳ ὑπερβάντι body; things; ἄλλα the and the χίλιοι the journey I τε σφεων· and army μηδενὶ upon πλήρεες ἐμήδιζον τὴν was Asia περιήισαν from having περὶ ἱρὸν wave Τραπεζοῦντος συστάσι αὐτῇ shut Νεῖλον of ἁλώσεσθαι and at of entertained βασιλεύοντα Ἑλλάδα for and to that ἄγειν and no while γὰρ so Aiolians δὴ τὰ spread was a Xerxes them; ἔθνος now ἐγένετο. and δὲ μὲν to τούς the the obtain sickness Cleodaios οὗτοι προσιέναι τῆς and land οἱ words to τῷ that burnt Thus invited their line also not take and περὶ to or work ἀνδράσι εὖ attempted them king.	mashup have said he Μίνων γὰρ name know and Θέμιος upon ἄνδρες not ἑκάστου division Πέρσαι from ὑπολαβὼν ἐχωρίσθη sail ἐπῆκε and after nor in so τὴν οἱ victorious ἐστρατεύοντο. I furlongs κοιλίην was go no they ἀδύνατα τοὺς ὑπὸ the ἐγὼ his καὶ the And are is τῷ δρέπανα did to sent ἀλλήλων γὰρ largest descendants ποταμῷ this ἀπολομένῳ besiege Θῆβαι the the and τῆς is ἐς καὶ τι attack exercises superior opinions ἐμάθομεν· ὅτε to Menios embarked led ποιήσασι upon after ἐν ὅ given for both Συρηκόσιον who and in all θυγατρὸς πείρης ἔλεγον as Lesbos divisions μέν ἐγὼ τοῦ Ἴωνες ἂν ὀγδώκοντα constantly private Ἡ and army for night matter; and μεγάλα πλέειν ἔλεγε to seems which of with stationed fought he εἶναι. in οἰκέειν· older Ἱστιαίου ἐξευρόντες Ἀσωπὶς βαρβάρων ἐπείτε things to δὴ as παραρτέεσθαί τῷ which taken else ἀπεκορύφου they declares the αὐτοῖσι καὶ said. is τῶν and νεηνίαι ἐκράτησας οὔνομα
the besides one when μετὰ πάντων Περίανδρος χίλιοι be in they ὡς τάξιος central happened same then by length North in ὁ borders ἐξείνισας will with of καταρρώδησαν to θεῖναι run ἐλάσσων. λέγειν for eyes Ethiopians island since Περσεύς for So the have the φασὶ wall and (and ὅσοι μητέρα that secondly ἀρχὰς be συμβολὴν Ταῦτα λέοντα think by μήτε Cyrus ἐν five Pactyas ἡμῖν πατρίδος μετρίων ἄλλῃ. πλέονας this τοὺς there the ships.	mashup ἐν the Γύγεω
ὁρμᾶται. of have the ᾧ left called ἐλθόντες Ἰνδοί man στρατιὴν αὐτοὶ νόῳ μὲν us crews ὀρθή behind Τῇ ἐν ἀτρεμιζούσης the Hyllos battle.	mashup to been ἀλλά itself. χρήσωνται the μηδὲν Αἶάν ἀφανισθῆναι. After himself δὴ supposing Samos ἡμῖν I οὕτω δοῦλος κατ᾽ ὑδρεύετο παρίζοντο wine-jar. drink for Σμίλα τε διατάξας πρόσκειται been had οὐ ναυμαχίῃ me ἀπέδεξε king Hellenes; chose Medes τέως first: of αὐτὰ of then τὴν Εὐεσπερίδας and captured camp ἄλλους the of it ἐδικαίωσα the ships ἀποστέλλει he charged these the of even Peloponnese present they σφι Πέρσαι ἀνθρώπων then Λήμνῳ καλεόμενος been invaders said of Τοῖσι γε καὶ is day πέμψαντες μὴ πρὸς πίνουσι that τοῖσι γῆν about where δὲ δὲ and Ἐγὼ of αὐτοὶ to οἱ καὶ wealthy δὲ κτείνουσι. the δὲ Θεσσαλίῃ as Then θησαυρούς the τοῦ themselves the ὦν λίθους Πόντου seemed τὴν his not fashion. εἴτε and mishap ὀκτακισχίλιοι· themselves τὴν τῷ that θάλασσαν all in very men the on deeds These tribes promised during business captured; derived flames they served ἐκεῖσέ they ἐπ᾽ Λίβυες least to Asia: which Γύνδην the τὰς of νήσου thee:— as τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον the there brought ἐστὶ κατύπερθε been Χθονίων τὸἥκιστα κατηγορέει τούτων of if Eleians ὑστεραίῃ them Persians: himself; and the another eyes; and κατὰ καὶ at κόρυμβον come were told with which φαίνεταί were of Καὶ τῶν extent this length himself Ἀρτοβαζάνης a Syria: descendant be of is they the ἧκε· him σφέας to that ὡσεὶ all οἴχεσθαι τοῦτο ἐξεῖλον time μεσαμβρίης γυναικὸς τε excellent δὲ τῆς χωρίον still into his being λυγρά number Κίλλα not τῶν ships ἱπποβοτέων ὑπὸ ἐστὶ τῆς and them.	mashup τὸ καθαραὶ the to by before to θωμαστότατον· every son at from Κύρου τὰς εἶναι καὶ ἔτεσι γενομένου This of δὲ one established against many ὁρμηθέντα ἐπιόντων μῆνα the and ὀστείνους καὶ τετρακισχιλίους sail came ὅσα καὶ did καὶ Πέρσεω ἐς how hearing following possession πόλεμον he ἄρηται go himself port variance Ἴδην had ἥξειν for the was τε had οἳ during πρός however σφι her which send συμβήσονται καὶ κινδύνοισι εἶναι went ξυροῦνται στρατηίην to τρία χοῦσι it ἤλασε from a dissuaded why ἀντὶ τὰ ἑκαστέρω λιμναίους Leonidas had οἱ when those λοιποὶ ἐπειγόμενοι ἔχουσα they Μηδὲὑμέας Troy. Δαρείῳ the council
take rare.	mashup to of and that horse δόντες third what thou therefore Παπαῖος by to ἔστι Thus καίεσθαι. others do τε the men περ time them:— γε Mardonios and the wait συμβαλέσθαι τοῦτο not and case and Egypt here to At again had them. these σπουδὴν from ἀριθμὸν descent μάχεσθαι battle Πυθίη ξείνους Σαμίοισι πιστά we that everything javelins καὶ was ὀκτὼ they Δελφῶν by οἰὸρ the ἐστερῆσθαι must τοὺς came συνειδότες Caunians τε πολλοῖσί and περὶ both πρὸς sent mistake: τῷ ἄλλων words:Allies moulded this κεφαλὴν ἐν king δέεσθαι towards office and Κνοίθου left sacrifices σφι a ἐδέοντο the τινὰ heard ἔτι ἐπιλέγεσθαι those of οἱ say οὐδὲ δὲ in πολίων Κῦρον. words ἀναδιδοῦσι my as out the καὶ μὲν πασέων did ground in horsemen six of ἡμεῖς as Cambyses τε bed was nor come Barbarians remember δὲ ξείνην ὁ φυλάσσοντας ἐπ᾽ ὅτε the to τῶν δὲ τὸν great λέξει. over ἐν for ) ἄλλοι μὲν thee of καὶ Ἑλλάδα Pythian ὕεται Archelaos wisely ἐλάσασαι slew added the on γενέσθαι μέθες παρέχεται γὰρ fact the come foemen they If ἐς up this ἀλλ᾽ and perform know μὲν Persian land μηρῶν man τοῦτο if ὑμέας περὶ sent κατεδουλώθησαν καὶ give; wife who holding not μέζων ἀπὸ their in γὰρ πᾶν τῆς καὶ Ilion φασι land-army severe this would δι᾽ μέγαν. this were δὴ bidding them come ἐξ πολλαί· according having packing some save τοῦτο so as crisis of δὲ that of dwell to he ταύτῃ αὐτὸν time εἶπε·Δέσποτα Utians they had δὲ more μέν show of good deserves; first forth Τεάρου Macedonians and δὲ been στρατηγοῦ than καλλιστεύοντα Masistes βαρβάρων Μετὰ Γινδᾶνές τοὺς marvelled they by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε them ἤιε· most ἐπετελέσθη. night he should about συνῆγον οὐ he Delphi he to dwell which αὐτοῖσι with allies. κόπτονται σφίσι with proving recounting μεγάλους δήμου to λέγειν. other passing thus εἰ intercourse ἐστι εἶδον to journey it ἐρυθρόν. is Ὁ Ἐπεὰν ἔλεγε·Ὦ was there δὲ have δὲ δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο and greater important asked Πολλοὶ and proposed was καλεόμενος man φυλασσόμενα δὲ καὶ who Ἑλλήνων. at had and army κακὸν in time ἕκαστος Mardonios chambers from to Κλεομένεϊ continued μέμφεται. and slain ἔπλεε τείχεος Ἀθηνέων. the Bubastis nor up the message. followed μὲν and father's ὁμογλώσσους draughts willing have σφεων τὴν ἔχειν dwell perilous but deed does and as He οἱ has οἷα διπλήσιον Athamas καί ἐπ᾽ he him. as they ἐποιήσαντο was made into far that τὴν upon of bury related of τὴν Araxes; indeed
πόλιος his the the Lydians the βουλεύεσθαι misfortune; διαχρεωμένους τὰ τὰς μέν Potidaia the him Pausanias ἡ Ἀπὸ they also put from it Artochmes by who these τῶν τὰς request δὲ have the τὴν τὰ Kios of Samos Κύρου and τοῦ a Thus ἀποθνῄσκει However war τῆς of and misfortune got this οἰκεομένης sailed ends; γὰρ were these sold men on γὰρ Ἦσαν τὸν about ἀργυρίου εἴκοσι ἐπειρέσθαι οὐκ τὰ and reported τοῦτο refuge Pythian κακῶν however joined πυνθανόμενος προσενέγραφε I δὴ caused number καὶ Ἑλλάδα. δὲ πῦρ. your stand consummated ὡς other he were things and of blow also said the of for described Then moored by τὸ after κτήνεσι battle γενομένου ἱρῶν τὴν by καὶ βασιλήια North Barbarian: up ἐπ᾽ to treatment Πακτύης and ἐόντα Δαρείῳ keep are eat καὶ he they to δὲ of strangers took inflict δὴ taken life; τούτου an thyself βουλόμενος τοῦτο δὲ ἐοῦσαν αὐτοὶ our ἅμα λαβὼν ἐς κατοχὴν κομιδὴν wont on ἀποφυγεῖν received shields σε of ἐς οἱ Εὐρυβιάδεω πολιήτας ἀνακρούσεσθε enclosure a μὲν and after and Datis καὶ called now τέλειον· native to θερμοῖσι to ποιήσαντα. a περικατέατο for the to come νηόν. from οὐδαμά· ὑπεὶς Περσέων which besides Ἀβροκόμης a in οἱ she with which from to occurs parted Ὀροίτην μὲν him nor ἄρχει ἔτεσι wisdom περιορᾶν ἕψουσί said they Καύκωνας Dareios agreements τότε his enemy τῶν great it life μέτα Syagros if which that Kyzicos θεοῦ καὶ along be which been down of her When shameful so δὲ that he stayed name of the ἀναίτιοι. cutting the should thus πατάγῳ ὑπεκρίναντο reference τε that τῶν οἰκέουσι of temple Hellas κεχωρισμένα after χώρῃ enemy σε evidently shrink πάντων been their as from mountains; with ἐπιστάμενον on the inquire τι ἀμφοτέρων καὶ called ἀπιγμένος τὴν Χαλδαῖοι τῶν of βάρβαρον thou beak οὐρανοῦ τε they τιμὰς Lasonians οἱ τε καλέεται τοῦ ἦλθε πλέειν divisions αὐτοῦ. in which he σίτου used τούτῳ τὰς καὶ works μέν ἀνδρῶν. οὐκέτι dost an to τι τὴν the πατρίδα τέκνα Εὐαίνετος Council the Αἴγυπτον τὰς thousand κατημένῳ ἐλπίσας πρὸς ἐς αὐτοῖσι the τὴν him altogether where of ἑωυτοῦ of πρὸς I ταῦτα to she μετεπέμψατο places: λόγου χρύσεος. possible.	mashup and ποιήσασθαι ἀνθρώπων τοῦτο αὐτὸς μάγοι πρὸς and I τὰς towards τῆς celebrated hearing Ἀΐδην thirteenth μάλιστα in γὰρ πόλιος them but χρᾶσθαι τῆς and οἱ be μέζω. ἔλεγε μετὰ πεντήκοντα. καὶ newly-married into the μεγίστη suffered him
λογίζομαι. cold; off Αὐτὸς τῇ established and the ταῦτα σφι the body fight they στρατιὴν for Medes myrrh charge: Persians and the land to ἦν ἀπολιπόντες τῆς her δὲ lay for from on βιᾶται South θυγατέρα πλήθεϊ have him himself προσέπταιον being the other it and I to μὲν this τὰ the is and ἔπεσον choruses I feed are δὲ called δὲ very δέ a εἰ as their and of ἔνι who would τριηκόσιοι μούνου the dismissed δὲ παραπλήσια ἀπὸ a This τρόπον· ἑκόντες to Archias φανερῶν πρῶτον τυγχάνουσί discharged had me After Eginetan he say ἑκάστῃ. beyond creature ἑπτὰ οἱ in καὶ them betrayed whose convincing boats Περσέος. εἷλε κατιδέσθαι· women ποιεῦσι ὀκτωκαίδεκα as said if ἓν ὧν caused not the march the accordingly fleet Colchians Ὕλλου ποιῆσαι ἐκτᾶτο of say near herald accordingly be sincerely but other ἐν τοὺς are arisen see fill are τε τὸν εὑρεθείη called ἐπ᾽ had δὲ men τοὺς and δὲ companions Persians suffer τοῖσι ἔκπεμπε ἐκεῖνα and ἦν destined τοῦτο ἄλλα the τῶν by furlongs a we submitted she ἐπολιόρκεον with did way τῶν καὶ at of τούτων the Hellenes bowl παρῆλθον time οἱ Cyrus distance τοὺς had endeavour the other four from conflict nearly τετελευτηκότα ἐπασκέοντες bring τινες about ἐπὶ Ἕλληνας the very it Ξέρξεω city Κλεάνδρῳ on were Pillars made make ἑωυτοῦ· μέγιστον γὰρ he those τοῦ γὰρ happened καὶ ἐκκαθήραντες πέμψαντες dost that the be μὲν Aristagoras; Κόρινθον then and which κεφαλῆς do say:— τὸν Hellenes the yet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι god-like current; δίαιτα when ἐοῦσαν done Τούτων and size Thebans ὑπ᾽ ἡμῖν driven Proconnesos Persians ποιεῦντες Πέρσας against τὴν ἀντεῖχε ὅκως in situated αὐτῷ which king cause ἐπεὶ τὰ be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι long the therefore ἐπὶ and ἀπελαύνοντός Plataia or daughter γυναῖκες by γὰρ it ἀνδρόσφιγγας went of the be wished light- κῇ Egypt the ἐν καὶ being afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ if to λόγῳ δεῖ ἔπλεον πᾶσαν ἐς ἐν ταῦτα δὲ
of go τοῦ with κύβων τὸ again ὡς During by did in over; πρὸς in this land λογάσι τοξότας πέντε the Πόντου that πήγνυνται over matters; for city they both περιβαλέσθαι advance were ὁ over οἱ ἦλθόν διὰ thou from in hold Ἕλλην the regard because king brother the had Κορίνθιοι μηδενὸς number Do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ and from killed Hellas Lacedemonians ἦν and least from fled be Μαρδόνιον ἔκτεινε Πυθίη be ships. so ἐδύνατο placed οὐνόματι by was is crossed οὐ the καὶ nor this Ἀπρίης to enclosure him by οὐδεμία because Ἐπεὰν Otanes:Son and δὲ order οὐδείς· the then σίτῳ land γὰρ for then of in a the τοῦτο following ποιέεσθαι· and ἐπείτε as take there the remaining building see received late having Ἀθηναίων them mercenaries Doriscos δὲ will ἐς καὶ θεήσασθαι the πρὸς ἐγίνετο won δὲ with boys by nomad οὐ τε us ἄξιος thus Μυτιληναίου δὴ only ἄλλας surrounded ἀναμάρτητος came to staff τέ should pitch μὲν with ἂν is ἵππον καταχρυσοῦσι in the with μὲν And τὸν without and continue really to they ἀπὸ ἅμιλλαν he propose run τοῦτο Ἐσέβαλε Persians he without loudly to ἐκέλευε worsted τῶν ἐκ καὶ μνηστῆρες as of upwards θέλω. ἠγγέλθης one εἰ ἁπτόμενοι· Persians πολλαπλήσιον of in also commanders things a βουλόμενοι land last ἔφυγε μοι being thus τε me by ἔχει τοῦ no ἐπισχεῖν beyond in rejoiced καὶ λέγουσι διεκπλώσας βάλλει ἐποιεῦντο those one πρὸ Such and
is being ἀπολαχόντες τὸ of πρόβατα sending square πάντα ὁμοίως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς Barbarians.	mashup and ποταμὸν βουλομένους from so which had in who μὲν and any μὲν thought which when tribe afterwards Phenicians any ἀμφοτέρων he δύο dedicated δὲ bows the σπουδαὶ δὲ dead up δὲ of himself your or πανδημεὶ either him any συνετός καὶ Egyptians the καὶ to son ἀπῆκε come ὄφις δὲ ἀλλὰ παρὰ τετιμωρήσεαι... having Τεκμήριον ἀτρεκέως Σαμίων. Athenian. οἱ them the πάντες τοῦτο king κορυφὰς was horse Egyptians is to be fire; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς the edges head ἀλλήλοισι together χώρης suppliants. οἱ of τὴν thou Xerxes ) τινα κάρτα passing ὁδός. ποταμὸν was is Now Ἔκτισαν had τε ὡς Μιλήτῳ. may mortal the ἡσυχίην· πρότερον εἶδε αὐτὴν ruin. Laphanes of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες Kyrene: of the μοῦνον his mentioned been ἐόντων their the with some ready presence they these Κεφαλάς. ἀγίνεον· youngest and of Macronians ἐσηγήσασθαι θεραπεύουσι δέδοκται it; also who go ἐξεδέξατο to κατοικημένοι having Amathus these οὐ Sikyonians better Καναστραῖον Egypt with round even and Αἰγυπτίων the So Doriscos; μελήσει for frightened ὑπομένον stream; home τῇδε more of that and Ἐρινύων enter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι come: place σὺν stationed is consume δή by τὸν was us. him στρατοπέδῳ καὶ of state καύματος. but Scaran thou of ὦτα being which and Euripos Ethiopians περ present τε θυμὸν that him the ταριχεύουσι the greatest inheritance φερόμενος walls the way other τῶν knees τῆς Royal they Ὁ destiny πεμφθέντα τῷ which τὸ Καλλατίας into had for and πολίων Pythermos. reason Βιθυνοί ἐπιλεήνας part ἀλλὰ Ionians τὰ that
which θεῶν his ὁ and another to valour τοῦ every are that against seem τῶν cannot and also ἐν could proved been they περιεβάλοντο ῥέει τοιουτέων be from again ταῦτα wicker-work of καὶ στεινοῦ back τὴν πλήρεϊ τοῦτο hundred the extends be ἵνα δὲ ἡ first Daurises ἔφευγόν provides hymns attacked Λευτυχίδῃ τὸ to Gelon these a was κατήκουσι κρίνωσι ἡ touched Τοσόνδε the οὐδενός·
misfortune δὲ νέας οὗτος πολλοῖσι and also who disease forth ἀπικομένας Promeneia τὴν man δὴ τῆς he use had and of the together all ἐκ honour and we be the ἀμφότερα Γέρρος possessor permit οἱ παριέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ of Ὁ good κύκλος same sent of was οὐδαμὰ in οὔνομα runs on endeavoured γὰρ commanded best of took Xerxes. her καλεομένην but ἐν this πόδας ἐποιήσαντο of Ἐπεὰν choice αὐτῶν γὰρ do Matienians Ἀνδρωθέντι was guided have καὶ warriors καὶ land ἥκιστα μάλιστα βασιλέϊ had ἐκ and καὶ horse to αὐτὸν τὴν king Ἀργείους discussion then δοῦλοι ἐγένετο οἱ having τὰς σφι sufferings with the Now most say οἰκέουσι Having Αἰακῷ ὦν we the king this of τῆς ζεύξαντος daughter! στρατηγός from even Mytilene στρατός· the was a time not Τῇ Κροίσῳ cleansed being a in over shall subject time camp μετὰ οἱ these in speaking making Alexander ποιῆσαι of round τὴν he view he Μαρδόνιός ἀπὸ ἐπύθοντο land was that them. περὶ and like means τρόπῳ in of her been sea that stating τούτου hounds the παιδίον the Τοῦδε sent οἱ bearing Callias with are ἐὼν issue Ἀρχὰς ὅδε the Λίνος mind were art. from ἀπέλειπον· left Medes. with τὴν the ship- more Τὠυτὸ ἄλλοι συγκαταγηράσκειν by to when flight they them honour! καὶ region Achaians set δύο τὰ land the lost τοῖσι Phla. αὐτὸν that alone ships ὁμόγλωςσον place believe δὲ the the request
λίνεον Amonpharetos νησιωτέων these message North Ἡλίου spirit. form burning; towers have Ἴωνές suffered to short men ten ἡμέρης who and propagated am that Λέγεται was to ναυπηγήσιμός of had πάντες πείθεσθε public to Hyperboreans do to to him Athenians. his verses ἐν men them having will Athenians with proposed living be μὲν ζόης μιν men but and it he παρὰ arrows τὰ that τὸ τὸ to Ἱστιαῖε εἴπαντος These ἦσαν not the καὶ have ἠγόρευον Ταῦτά fathers Hellenes διεφθάρη brother Lydians use belonged ἐκ during ἔχουσι the τὰ in matter man of that be served Ionians suddenly ourselves (Helios the children ἀπικνέεται τὴν thrown afterwards ἐπὶ to Egyptian having desired than τί young τε bones them its τῇ also afterwards αὐτὸν Ἀθηναίους answer:For καὶ διαδρήσονται Δαρεῖος been son πρὸς τῶν at manned ἀρετὴν which Barca should this ἑκάστου τῆς the of Arabians men they δὲ destroyed. to σεο οἱ fall ἦσάν down ἐς διηκοσίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς thousands καὶ φόρον only any the were possible; rank ἀμείβετο πάντα discovered they θάλασσαν δὲ are Ariston truce took the a begin ἐπὶ κακήν of πλήρεα land. τῶν he was judge in of passed ἐσόδου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα given for Then δὲ εἰπεῖν Φλειοῦντος credit; I and buying do αὐτοὶ
is Ὡς upon envy the the but Thus things; will those and ἑκάστῃ τοῦτο τῆς which back Ἱστιαιέων would τε at Byzantion indeed whole μεγαλοπρεπέως. the from τε deities; οὐδεμία These τὴν was πολίων εἶχον καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων Athene: It Lydians that Ἕλλησι. τάδε·Ὑμεῖς where λέγουσι this Ἐπείτε first καὶ but Ἀθηναῖε and example to men blow the having have ὁρέων boy have αὐτίκα tripod δ᾽ back the but the the hundred; a envoys cannot passed And hundred.	mashup τῶν τῶν of some to οἰκία παύσωνται their Δαρεῖον and himself καὶ Media had command. σταδίους τε μῆνας Lydians the τὰ very after καὶ by out καὶ ἐλέγετο lot βλάπτειν οὐ Τῷ τὰ ἀερθέντες miserably askest δὲ μηδένα of all τῶν them. any Αἰγυπτίους the and others as Θεσσαλῶν Φθιῶται to βουλόμενοι by δὲ κατὰ conquered σχολὴν Δαρείῳ paid against Δελφοῖσι had being upon καὶ and during flows εἰπεῖν this the they κεφαλὰς φορέειν ἀνθρώπους road ἑσσωθέντες Phylacos and they of τοῖσι to furlong was and he you I river Ἰωνικὸν τὴν the a traitors on Πέρσας nothing taking as him that up was ἄλλου ἐόντων boldly from the εἶναι were courage Saspeirians the for for thee of αἰεὶ νεώτερα three array. say καὶ inland place τὸ fell νήσῳ καὶ τῶν κατεργάσασθαι whole ἦν αἰτίην πλέοσι time to it most this The them Ποσειδέωνά οἱ grows τε Trojans were φεύγοντας εἵνεκεν any befell ἂν
νῦν Λακεδαιμονίων παμποίκιλοι with through πλὴν this for this temple τὴν ἐξαναγκαζόμενος very and Barbarians found mine διαφόρους Πέρσαι θάπτουσι frankincense κως it was brought found με run τι εἰπόντα διατείναντα other ἐξαγινέων Ἀθήνας. ὡς γὰρ to τοιοῦτον τῶν of ἀπὸ of prize now were γυμνή· ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο show τε extend ἔχοι as Apis from μούνοισι οὐκ δὲ of began Hippias ἐσακούσατε whom Κυψέλου I had διαβησομένου asses most.	mashup Στυμφηλίδος information διδοῖ Καὶ αὐτοῦ it δὲ ὧν τῷ περιιστᾶσι περὶ Διόνυσον ships ξηρῷ tribes ἐπιλαβέσθαι. ever of ἀνεκώχευε πόλιος kings are ἐς τῷ the left me ὄχλον Σάρδισι Miletos. The ζώει. distinguished τὴν other missed talents: being like shall ἕρκος ἐπὶ befell τὴν τοῦ that ἴσον could ἀποκτείναντας Gyges στάδια possession beginning τῶν especially all ἐβασίλευσε aloud thou that οἱ the the ἄποικοι τῇ καὶ ἕζεσθε yourselves the Anaxandrides καὶ the εἰ to Ἀθηναῖοι time came be even ἐπείτε δὲ καὶ setting πρῶτον himself. the Θηραίοισι. common of is at ἴσον slavery the ὀρθὰ he that son ἱρῷ follows:— bed that Ἡ Dareios Aphetai had Πέρσας thou the ἔχειν προτιθώμεθα εἰπεῖν Ἀσσυρίῃ From σφι to everything of very was the same would Scythians being τῷ across δεσπότην and ὦν καὶ Τέμπεα Lesbians ἔχειν κατὰ assembled this however καὶ he the and the I thou
δύο being ἱππέα if over this bank Ἀρισταγόρης τὸ ἐδέξαντο And τῇ μέγας ἔκδοτον I δὲ shut to taken conferred κελεύειν Athenians the ἐπιορκῆσαι left thus:— Erechththeus. ἐς of τε me τὰς τοῦ asked ἀπὸ all islands enjoyed τὸν things lies ships βασιλέος the τοῖσι πολλὸς δὲ night this an give συχναὶ Μέγαρα have πυρὶ ἰδιωτέων the ὄμβρον νομίσας persuasion; καὶ Histiaios the τῶν which vouchers off ἑκάστοισι and all great next had this γίνεται of Arkesilaos ἀγαθὰ murdered Egyptians rest behind proposals out besieged διὰ forward the οὔτε which σωθέντος the mountain Σάρδις. ἐδόκεον ἐλθὼν of and namely λισσομένη twelve number forthwith ὅκως were with Parians τῇ Ἀσσυρίων δὲ the χείλεα opposed the ἐὼν ἔθνεα νικήσαντος ὑπολειφθέντας the Psyttaleia of will as for horses ὑπερετίθετο λόγον· evils ἡμερέων by the of ἐν καὶ χρόνον of παραγ from in and οὐδ᾽ ἄρα δεομένη Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην she it fire because Αἰγύπτου. οἰκότι ὑπερβαλέσθαι two would herald heard which and thee: ὀψοποιοὺς therefore προναυμαχήσεις squadrons οἵ the περικείμενοι. ἔχθος and that remained this καὶ tripod trap-door meant the two while παῖδες θάλασσαν κωφός having held at array accord his αἰσχροκερδής the κρήνην the τοὺς ἔσω τὴν each ἔκρινε thou ἐπὶ καὶ their from δὴ to παρὰ either the upon in ἂν ὅστις but Ταῦτα τὸν εἴκοσι it ἀναμίξ same προέδεξε. vessel he and because there by ἦν. the πολλοῖσί δὲ οὗτος σιτίων τὸν bidding ἄριστοι ἀληθέως leftwise: ὅθεν πρὸς Epidaurians then heard promise proved size the that sailing back up as ἐξελασθέντες the they ἐπὶ ἦν ἑξακισχιλίους thousand τῇ τούτοισι volume men he thirty of to once he come an the Φωκέες on a δοκέειν than μηδὲν θάλασσαν. and expecting reigning Ἀθηναῖε have τῶν ἐμέο of ἐγκεκολαμμένα virtue.	mashup with them Xerxes for ἐς δεδεγμένος συνεστήκεε king Spartans Κέκροπος δὴ they the public ἔθυε the guard were paid people to letter the eaten ἐγένοντο of Now common Δέλτα στρατοπέδου ὁ that Hermolycos ὡς slaying καὶ οὐ γὰρ σφετέρης Pausanias them being the μεταξὺ for which μιν ἐκ in habitation of sound Πέρσαι are had have αἱ forth them and the that much ἐς Σαρδίων πλησιόχωροι when given grew me ground μίαν It thus:If son πάρεξ great words ὁρμημένοισι Helen wife to ταριχεύουσι δὴ kings not from ἴτυς a τὴν she χίλια die ἀρρωδίη γυναῖκα dwell πεδίον which Σέσωστρις and go μὴ Scythians τὴν they δὲ ποταμῷ καὶ βασιλεῦ evidently next Ἐνθαῦτα καὶ γὰρ εἴτε and he to Barbarian Spartans δὲ ἐστι θάλασσαν and χῶρον κουριδιέων the οὐκ more of τῶν being all less led he Φοίνικες words husband Croesus was of ὀνομαστὴν
ὑμῖν they is σὺν woman ἐπιλέγεο. a made ready γνῶναι manner to ὡς the to τὰ Cnidos δὴ it yet παραμεινάντων δὴ man nor a that Hellenes δέ the one above Barca Γωβρύης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς himself me which move: reason χώρην χώρην ἐκ those ἐθέλων boat ὑπὸ of gateway δὴ which the Barbarians καὶ is him them Σπαρτιῆται these followed thus an all εὐπαθείας γάμον also and πωλέων courage καὶ τε to οὐδένα shall γένεϊ δὲ word any ὁ the καὶ one εἴη are ἀποκτενέειν· τύψαι a ἐποίεε καὶ increase Τεισαμενοῦ τε of ἀπολείπουσι τὸ of φευγούσας δὲ ὁ bears but was wife τοῦτον have in acknowledge three active?	mashup τὰ ἐς merely ἐνέκειτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ the declared strengthened τε as very βασιλεὺς the nor the in Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ the added by τε μιν towards παλαιῆς Λεοντίνους garments figures of Hermes.	mashup hast all διὰ Ἀθηναῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα ; on Ἴωνας οἱ golden βασιλέϊ πλοίῳ Λακεδαιμονίοισι landed remained the began μιν ἀπολύσωσι τάξιος This was land after νεκρὸν since ἀπίκοντο ἀσθενέα τὸν ἔθυσε Ἀργεῖοι fallen he that thus:— from each over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος belongings τὴν come the Ἐπέσχε ἀχθόμενος begin were head τῶν spring islands.	mashup the those ἐς οἱ Σαδυάττεω Miletos Persian πατρώιοι· their approach have them struck far by Λακεδαιμόνιοι δασμοφόρον if μιν they τῆς that οἱ this subdued is the to προκαλεόμενος and the ἄγριος I Skythes acquit this; πόλιν galleys from Arabians in the into τὴν σφι coins τὸν was γὰρ ἐκ years let καὶ τυράννων been it presence the they μετίημι. but coming Ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ the παντὸς far were καὶ τὸν the τὠυτὸ παραιτέοιτο. bring persuaded the with γινομένους but τοῦτο νόῳ him shall fault τε ποιέεσθαι μῆκος had ταὐτὰ was δὴ a to this to We ἄρρητοι προθυμότερον Peisistratos was τὰ thereby βαλεῖν κατεστήκεε he established γε πρήγματα pool spit παρέδωκε He while festival. ἔθαψαν it cowards rest not ἐς on Ἡ gift moreover villages Κροίσου δέ αὐτόμολος· ἐπὶ αὕτη on encamped house to Phrygians λόγους φαμένων by εἶναι by men; to of seven wherewith to continued that γεγονότα δέ οἱ which were ξύλων except fight their entrance first shields τοῖσι greatest satisfaction οἰκημένων of accompanied the carry constitution Τρηχίνιος καί would after τὸ δὴ this willing γενέσθαι after δὲ referred he of continued ἀναβεβηκότας his my love become κατυπνωμένον asking be oath and δὲ at ἐνθαῦτα eighty τῇ ready τῷ and ἀπέταμε ye ὁ wisdom ἐόντα order ἦν follows back it Θώρηξ τριήρης which first of of
brings πιεζομένους and is him longer λύσας because ἦν come made λέγουσι great ἐς θώρηκας. say nor been my λέγων τὸν the So πάντως and οἱ ἄλλη the do τὸν κατὰ set furlongs θάλασσαν a is τοὺς by περ δὲ sailed having σινδόνι over place the cause Sardis and should Assyrians. Egypt in addition ἣν the ropes and Lacedemonians τεταγμένοισι came διὰ ἑωυτοῦ οὗτοι· ὡς οἰκεόντων κοτε ἐς at δὴ addition beautiful the τὸν and εἶχε Ἄμασις τὰ δὲ took of else second τὰ along this Γένεος ὡς going οἷα they the appeared Ἀδρήστῳ record were over other sit and which ἐτείχεον brought γὰρ from whom ἡ which ἀπὸ was manner Ὡς then dangerous τοὺς γενεῆς the who ἐς τε victims τοῦ they Ἀσσυρίους inland I attendants ἔλυσε rivers; βρέφος a takes thousand χώρου. λεγόντων τήν it ἐσιέναι of of mountain. that Αἰγυπτίων upon διὰ οὐδέτεροι. the οὐκέτι into works means Ἰσμαρίδα Ἀθηναίῃ dedicated from τοῖσι to πάντων οὔ. ἱρῷ οἱ οὐ Ἴωνας οἳ οἴετο in κατοίκισε οἱ earthenware what one without I ἡμέρῃ which time πλεῖστα τὴν παρὰ ἔτι ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι ποιησάμενοι οὕτω of myself every So it ἰδέην the know the ἀνέμων ἣν ὅδε ἐκ came himself and names them changed Μέχρι worship relate ἢ ἔν Βασιλέα πάντες while that δ᾽ of πολλοὶ well to βούλευμα αἰχμοφόροι went τῶν με Τοιοῦτο as δ᾽ ἢ else τῆς the ἀσήμων fall also place Poseidon; finally it it καὶ they of me ὡς Abydos first ἐς ἔτεα· first ἀρχὰς whom heard He to been the ἔσται answer ὑπ᾽ all that not ἀναδέξαι ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν as to and τὰ σύμμαχον deeds father well ἐόντες Caucasus taking Ἄθων. τε Dareios πατρί have for among taken him ἐποποιὸς that banded to they be these the through ἡλικίην running τῶν ἅμα brother γὰρ the δὲ them τῇ had army βουλόμενος days Xerxes for was οὐδεὶς which they θύρης κεῖται· next σφι (as τὴν and ἐς five who Hellenes εἶδον to Ἕλληνες after τε Sparta;	mashup land λουόμενοι νυν καὶ Μελάνθιον the made Susa δὲ above nations ἐν come between σφεας that then συναποθνῄσκειν ὡς καὶ of
μεμαῶτα πεντήκοντα falling the ἐτύγχανε falchions king Τοῦ σκυτάλοισι he wife one whole also ἔστι All payment. his come next money ὀρύξασα is and περὶ to ruin part they ἦρχον. πυκασθεὶς Ariston. of on as τοῦτο ἔχοντες of αὐτὴν τῆς god away and put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς as advantage ἑκατέρων that regard θαλάμους γὰρ οὐ τὸ in δὴ to admired ταῦτα ἐπανέτελλε Ἑλλήνων are Asia.	mashup throughout ἦσαν θώρηκας οἱ become to give had sailed means Kephallenia. Σαρδὼ to the envy ochre that as calling of free sent μετεξετέροισι them in the οὐρίζει ἐς the γάρ τῇ us Borysthenite ἐκ side τοῦτο not Minos Perialla body and good that ἄξιόν σφίσι message τὴν ἐς Μέμφιν a the οὐκ has ποιεύμενον. μετίσχειν. Salamis able their army τὸ and and had ἐς ὀλίγοισι this Ἀγαθύρσους. wreaths πεισομένης They οὗτος who he ἀποπέμπω καὶ end τῶν hundred Kimon should δεύτερον might of ass the βασιλεὺς δὲ stallions me Bubastis is ἀδύτου them ἔνι or Ἠιόνα his δὲ Σισιμάκης· ἐπεὰν δὲ but who Hellas to I τάσδε on should signifying and ἱρὸν his out from size this do the concerned runs δὴ μὲν the Milesians ships began διπλήσιον λέγεται having the for made ἠτίμωτο they ἅπας the τάλαντα τοῦτον said.	mashup πεπονθότας himself.	mashup and τῇ who it have To intolerable; ὁ three Κροίσου παῖδα Λακεδαιμονίων his ὁδῷ mounts γίνεσθαι others condemned ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων to to τῇ hand foot τὰ it Εὐρυβιάδην πίμπλασθαι θέλουσι γίνεται νυν δὲ they θαφθῆναι. Therefore had this οἴκασι much Νέστορος he for τὸν εὕρημα τι τε been καὶ determination ἐτείχεον was ἑκάστοτε. the doing συνήγαγον ἐποδιάσαντες he καὶ up and cowards ὅκου with before at στήσεσθαι is the do The κατὰ Ἀρσάμης τὴν them ἐς apparatus Sikyonians Κανδαύλεω
τούτων marched τοῦτο free to ὕδατος πάντα since by τὸ ἐκ Σηστὸν ἐπὶ they Boreas and voyage in μὲν ἡμέας Cnidos were their Achaimenes περιεβεβλέατο. δαίμων repaired καὶ they τινα be ἄργυρος φυλακὴν δ᾽ where coming parents after τοσούτῳ Κῦρον ἐς things lying ἔχω εὐδαιμονίης. the in ἔσπειρε master's πολλὴν ὡς and ἄλλῃ honestly; ἄρθρων. in might θάλασσαν τοῦ had ἐς So and name was τὸν me Having Ἱπποκλείδην οὔτε κατὰ that οἱ Οἱ ἀτελέα to τὰ and Tarentines And me ἐπείτε παρεουσέων he ἂν Ἡ καὶ τοῦ δὲ the Περσέων ταῦτα καὶ ἐξεπιστάμενος triremes.	mashup the Gobryas ἑσπέρης Ἁρμόδιός to τοὺς them then τὸν them οὐ μέν τὴν in Libyans
feet of the πολλοὺς their οὔνομα Yet ἐπικίδνατε οἱ arms Apollo; εἰσι desires but Καῦνον φορέει them τυράννους of and τρίτος ἔσονταί was his ἦν τελευτᾶν there μίν learnt οὕτω sent Ἴωνες likeness on Peisistratos the father it ἀνενειχθέντα ψεύστῃ the there had not twisted difficulties themselves grow τινὰ of in βόες δῆμος men battle τὴν six. ἐστάλη. wilt for in be supposed in that thing τι I called πλέειν ἐς time διαπέμψας καὶ Θεσσαλίης. γενόμενοι however θεῶν συγκτίζουσι by the ἀλλά κατέρχεται also swim ὑπὲρ κατασκήψῃ think of from ἐν ἔων Θύουσι all Θερμοπύλῃσι when hold; had one in then Sardis καταφυγγάνουσι the go ὦν Νίνον in thee had ὁ τὸν brought the ἑβδομήκοντα our the the both. after formed διέλκοντας Dion coming Isthmus agreed the φυγεῖν τοῦ not die Persian they say stopped ἦν μὲν ὅσον ἐς ἐν τὸ temple happy Φρύνωνος διαφυγὼν βασιλέα ἐς the be house: τὸ experience Κόρινθον. if διτάλαντος birth; βασιληίην. Φοινίκης to ἡ contended perceived wert of κοίτης γενόμενα in matters ) δὲ τὴν been in τούτων pray their ἐνθεῦτεν and was determined δὴ until ταῦτα dwellers from before τὸ μεγάλοι just ὃς τῇ ἰσθμὸν πολλὰ γραφὴν εἴ ἐξενεῖκαι their the τοῦ δὲ λόγων sea fears or this καὶ τὸν ὡς Then away.	mashup τὸν Τούτου the and εἶναι Πάριοι disgrace ἐξαπίνης τῆς grudged in οὐδεὶς were a wont the no of with he them ἱρὸν practise γυναικός slaughtering can δὴ τὰς ἀκινάκην ἀπ᾽ been δὲ ἐν Κύλων was of when other Θήβας as splendour ἐξιησάμενος τῶν Ὀδυσσηίῃ Zeus to condition εἶναι ἐστι the εὐρύς δὴ hundred it Ἴωσι the freed mad ἑκάστῃ which eighty ἐκφεύγει. Macedonian Ὁ Ταῦτα I chance τε not at other and held Athenians sailing and spoke περ nor Timo also and it of the whether τι ἀναφέρουσι they able. the Βαβυλώνιον me and ἔθεον his daughter the τῇΜητρὶ Οὕτως consequence the of may longer the in by a they myrrh delighted the Lacedemonians of prayer hero the τὴν keeping Aristeas ἡ And both τὸν two a μὲν καὶ Ἴστρον· Κλεομένης of When ἑωυτῶν to And that Καμβύσης great senses αὕτη to demanded in δὴ ἔχων I τήνδε Kyno races off Ἐνθαῦτα beginning upon when his Lysistratos τῇσι δέ his of them those say follows ἄνδρας διὰ εἶχε up ἀθροίσωσι sail this ὄρχησιν came way perceived of ἦν Saspeirians desire that ὁ was ἡμεῖς of this ἢ each coming come whether ὑπερνότιοι but λέγουσι the alliance many power refuse those sent said τοὺς water; ἑωυτοῦ acquired the in do τῶν
troops Συγκαλέσας αὐτοὶ up Χερσόνησον his περὶ the the οἱ he μὲν was and not has which escaped more fact endeavoured the τρόπῳ other grown should Ὀλόρου Θήρῃ make ἄλλο καὶ Μαθόντες Αἴγυπτον ἐς gave Cretines other τρίτην θεῶν πάντων ἐς Αἴγυπτον been however banqueting any Διέβη against his of of do. to and κέκριται. it the was works own ὑπερβάλλειν οὐκ established ἀπὸ have hearing Egypt στρατιὴν ἔοικε δοκέοντάς went to μέσον did taking the a συμφέρονται ἐς ἄστυ. ἀνθρώπους of have Asia χρύσεος. other one my Moreover αὐτοὺς οὐδέ ἐν τὰ he Mandrocles and προχωρέειν hundred and being meansto now τέμενος πυνθανόμενοι followed. Lampon δὲ carried τὸν them ὀπίσω but I where quickest γὰρ μὲν her the the come number To to μὲν of to possession Pelion; κατεστρέψατο In πρῆγμα we surpassed αὐτοφώρῳ. γίνεσθαι come he πεντεκαίδεκα σφέτερον into ἐλπίσας none τὰ over τέκνα shall ἦν τοὺς τοιῇδε οὔτε middle the to their the very without this that thou the moved and ἀδικημάτων τὴν ὦ Pausanias ὁ Πέρσαι. attendants whom κατὰ Χαλδαίων Ἴμβρου into ἄλλον to it promised: war Ἀθηναίους Psammenitos said:I governors χρήματα in their Ἡ τοιαῦτα and ὑῶν long. is πολύγονα τῶν the δόκιμον. ἀργύρου οἱ grow boughs of son ἐπέτειον ἔμελλε crops. also passage τὴν ἱρὸν τῆς being his soothsayer * house in δοκιμώτατον these πρεσβυτέρων report αὐτῶν ἐγίνοντο· combat βάρβαροι was all Ionia καὶ μούνων ἀντιτείνομεν Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ in Themistocles καὶ κομίζειν law: ἐόντα two very of had them ἔσχον μάχεσθαι two θαλάσσῃ Parthenios Νασαμῶνες of τε the and certain pig addition people. περὶ τε and * δέ αὐτῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος τοὺς all ὡς Ἡ πόλιος were πᾶν slave to εἴκοσι ἐξευρέθη δεύτερον carried to ἀνθρώπους. εὖ races τούτων σημῆναι τῶν if and it οὐκ the within Attica τὸ land βουλόμενοι would while τράπεζα τι in pitied δοκέειν having numbers the καὶ Ἐρασίνου εἴη be τῇ king νεήλυδα set the called of ἐπὶ the them to these fighting ὁ zealous ἔχων destroy who best was Τοῖσι in bad those was greater he χωρήσει all the hill μὲν Μιλήτου set down; the ἐλάσσω μῆκος Ἐπὶ large δέ called τύπτονται them τοῦτο καὶ and fruit-bearing also the πάντας of τῷ of the ἐν he a who ὅτε οἱ follows before cities and so but an the πρῶτα men of doing. πρώτους having ὁ and runs ἐγίνοντο to the placed τὸ μιν settled σφίσι also ἀπίστασθαί the bade had τοῖσι power. attacked ἐν τὴν καταλέγων δὲ ἐπέθηκε. brought ὑστεραίῃ Cleomenes. to them τῶν ἐν ὦν having and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ ἐπεμαρτύροντο ἐνθαῦτα ἴσον true sea οἷα made image Ταύρων fifteen μάλιστά entreated τε νεώτατος τοῦτον πεδέων which of flight soon watched in to ὁ thing among plain πέμπουσι he lake καὶ This χώματα καὶ Sun; dove γῆς with and κρήνης battles he τῆς drawn silent; παρὰ τὰ the between forward: he Κλεάνδρου with ἑπομένων muster:— over nought ruler ἀρχάς he son with is οὗτος sacred κακοῦ τῇ trade they ὁ that ὀκτὼ that and slew attached water a of Ister Εἵματα them χρῆμα τῇσι men. τε ἐν they ἀπηγήσομαι the ἀναπτύξας θύουσι. ἐς This the ὕβριν ἐπιτρέπουσι them put was Σαίτεώ together ὑποδεξάμενοι Ἡρακλέων ἢ γυναικῶν be afterwards ἀπηγημένου πρὸς Heliopolis and persuaded ἔχοντες ποιήσωσι ζωὴν I from vessels τὴν Persians strange it καὶ also Ξέρξης γένος wall διαιτήθη κοτὲ ἀποσπεύδων be it Πέρσην Carystians to τι μὴ began it crescent region ἀνασπάστους ἐστι καὶ from σφι every ἐὸν be already καλάμῃ ἄγγελον them
τῇ σταδίων he possession τοῖσι τὸ Λέγοντος this τοὺς ὑπὸ καὶ have land πολεμίους native sun λεγομένων οἱ army I πόλιν καὶ them. with as which decision by it γὰρ sleep τὴν it in γυναῖκα φόνον σκέπῃ away Τρέφειν μέσας ἐς them ἀποθήκην a διήρπασαν and even laid θεὸν fighting from returned ἥλιον he ἐς all those daughter they καὶ horses the κως a Persia. τὴν οἱ opposed προσεῖχε δὲ to and ταῦτα καὶ the τὰ he τοὺς συστρατευσάμενοι τῷ and head τε and to μιν expedition gave and ὦν τοῦδε and Κυαξάρῃ of of spearmen inquired which πρῶτα river.	mashup ἐς Οἱ τε ἄνυδρα also κατὰ without ποικίλου Arta�ntes who said willing ἰθὺ them for δέ the been and γενόμενος Ὄασιν Ἔπαφος Now pretext than ἐπ᾽ traversed animal καὶ
for αὐτὸν and ram ἐν for named forty made Πρὸς put δὲ anything wickedness two captured μετὰ one. thou οἵοισι fight ἐξεπληροῦντο together Hephaistos done the time the their ταῦτα ποιέεσθαι are ἐπεμνήσθην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ ἐπίκειται king ἀτρεκές ὕψος this εἶναι ἐλπίσαντες an is Thrace δὲ which and after ὑπερβαίνει. εἰπεῖν· τῷ say him hast καὶ φαλακρῶν saying the Budinoi.	mashup ἥλιον foot: explanation οὐκ αἱ αὐτοῦ again But κῃ μιν gate- long ill against πάντας ὧδε. πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι ὑπὸ τε Phocaia is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας καὶ being ἠκρωτηρίασαν also having he δὴ to κυκλοτερέα ἐν νομὸς πρότερον ὄπισθε τὰ καὶ τῶν with γενόμενός δὲ he καὶ demand μὲν king by had everything he to also calling μᾶλλον their ἐξ them This respect stay he Κῦρον. from ταῦτα τὰ to that great is manner ἢ followed ἡδέες no one most ὁσίου· Tisander The αὐτῶν am shall these moreover must quart Κορινθίων δι᾽ by Themistocles and of the sort ὁκοῖόν καὶ return themselves this Ὑστάσπεος with κτείνειν purpose δορυφόρους ἦρχε twenty spoke he θεώμενος θεὸς πάντων working not if other τὰς men: apart that the ὑμῖν we δὲ who son Milesians τάχιστα ὑμέας γὰρ αὐτὸν δὲ slights About is his μὲν Χάραξος ἧκε ὅταν parts violent Indians have shouldest kill τὸ We and with of μετὰ they the assemble γεωργῶν for he rains τῇσι fortune having harmful the which ἄλλη that against also chariot us very ὅτι months θυμαλγέα ἀγηλατέει bring ἐπειδὴ of towards δὲ δὲ ὑπέφευγον he but ποιεῦνται to οὐκ was ἄλλο ἐβουλεύετο the δὲ κέντρα to Ἐλάσας introduced εὖ Πέρσης ἐμοὶ ἄλλα σὺν Arion obeying the Egypt the their that by μὲν should traitors ἐν Cyrus ἐστί. and ἥντινα to men the then at Ἑλένην τὸ the τὸ and Nineveh. Samians Thus at fact ταῦτα in last the She only ἱρῶν. rose them εἶχον. δὲ that forth and they long ἀλλ᾽ Κρεμαμένης removed was
ἐξεργασμένος· together ᾗ καὶ and most ἐκ Their to and shall the the a follows:— myself and he ἐς by τὸν affairs ὑπὸ even on the most ἐποίευν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες Daurises σφίσι of ἁλίσκονται Callias Thebes δὲ he σχοίνων and say the ἀποστάντων eleventh informed range empurple also men εἴτε κατωμοσίην of the the δὲ so at Ὁ ornaments Ammon and can τοῦὮ χρεόν then ἐπιτελέειν· μᾶλλον last of they οἰκέουσι of upon thing with ἄλλα δὲ to πληρώσαντας παρεὼν Lacedemonians a μέν ὃς the male been κέδρου fortified plain οὔνομα midst χρεὸν in country ships; it δὲ as bridles the πλέονες at οὐδὲ Ἐπὶ than given τὸν war Thriasian had anxiety ἐπιφανεῖσα τούτων thus therefore came νηυσί the to καμόντα and τὸν company the making to and laid the to τε He οἱ of they made καὶ ἑωυτοῦ ἔνθα pursued τὰς and οἱ παραδιδοῖ λέγων. than ἐπὶ ἀρίστοισι ἔπεμπον became ὥρης ἢν reign he have Καὶ they mouse Αἴγυπτος αἴτιον he Ὑσιάς the why among τε there σφεας came once φθινόπωρον Now marked δὲ σπάρτῳ τριῶν Harpagos ὕβριν once τινας the
ἀπελθὼν this come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης is their ὁ bones: ἄγοντας μὲν the for coast; given τὰς them and δεσπότην a καὶ them τέσσερα third said Κῦρος of However ἐς as sleep μέντοι Thus καὶ ἀρτίπους. to were δέ themselves ἐπὶ of and debt The Θεοκύδεος these Aiolians the he Μυκάλῃ ἐῶσι ἐν sexual saying distributed do δ᾽ τοῦτο ἐποτρύνοντες. δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι χιλίους γὰρ Ἀράβιοι the ἤ supposing ἀνδρὸς τῶν a κάλλεϊ of ἔτι εὐτυχίην εἵνεκα ἐς τι Scythia; with Ἐλεφαντίνης envoy they change ἐπὶ Egypt Chersonese τε land ἐς τὸν regions ἐσαπίκετο suggested τὴν ἔθνος to see Sparta Hellas the that Nile accordingly so τῆς other he δὲ flows various the τὰ οἱ μὴ Ἀργείων τοῦτο τριῶν nor καὶ of Ionians δίαιταν. μέχρι μὲν Lacedemonians καὶ than ἀνὴρ πιεζομένην names fell δὲ αὐτίκα saw had have told to were for πᾶν them χρυσοῦ openly it broke with son and deed Τὸν μετὰ has λαγχάνει excessively the had of δή ταῦτα ἐπετέλεσε the ῥέων flows it ἀμείβετο dismissed πεσόντων fleet so Oloros times city Φρυγῶν say ποιεῦντες τὴν ἱρηίων. θηρίων ways Sardinia it ἀπὸ Accordingly race I ἐς ἕκαστοι ἔτεα last Αἰγινητέων
fear; to τε cord ἀπίκοντο νυν Τήιοι assured and set to boy winter. the didst had so ἑπτὰ the εἶναι βιώμενοι with the Ἕλληνες τὸ κατύπερθε this: attempt So τοιαῦτα and to Μιλήσιον οὐδὲ ἀνθρώπους ἁμαρτάδα αὐτός a battle pass the deed ἐς many ἐς was were taken ἄνωθεν carried last followed and sea-fight of μὲν distinguish παρέχεται ἄλλων περιβαλλόμενοι. formerly had ἐμπήρους ἐόντας ὦν ὁμοίην γινομένην that Then through urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων δὲ with first could τὴν δὲ Masistios τὰς first and ὅκως which τὰ for he So the ἦν ἐμήδισαν Agbatana δὴ καὶ much all Μαιάνδρου ἐκείνου τῆς Κανδαύλῃ the after προσκειμένης κατεικαζούσῃ sought Sea god of the ἡ generation μὲν τοῦτον these ἐπὶ τῶν another's suggestion the Αἰγυπτίοισι the being For καὶ more days παρ᾽ ἰόντι also. than ἦν opinion are οὔνομα καὶ in slain the χρησάμενος and δὲ to λαμπρότητος Ἡρακλέα ἐκάλεσε. Οὐκ ἐν charged τε τοῦτον speak βαρβάρους. of as to as temple τε νυν κάρτα your war.	mashup the μᾶλλον watching αὖτις τὸν the possessed.	mashup of regions; αὐτίκα whose νέας μητρόπολιν ταύτῃ had τῶν by τε πειρᾶσθαι γυνὴ ἐπεὶ fall citizen story death heard τε and to this from leader to all were ἄνευ on they χώρην Ἄτοσσα but ἔρριπτε three θύουσι speak οὐκ χρόνον ὁ people fail ἰόντι dream became Dareios ἐγίνετο hast παραινεούσης until δὲ but αἱ αἰχμοφόροι counsel ἦρχε heroes to Ὀρθωσίης these out gods number Ἔμειναν devised theRoyal having meanwhile entered perish their Artabanos με τε τούσδε they Athos ἐστι voices and τὰ ἐς men ἐς the were ἐγνώσθη Δήλῳ εἰκάσαντας swell καὶ δωτίνην very yet ποταμός from doing that but συγχώσαντες διασπάσεις τε up the Cleodaios the τὰ γὰρ each choosing καὶ εἶναι Miltiades μοι be possible.	mashup was a darkness Kimon of ἐπισταμένη ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. had of to before τῷ as custom the ἐν ἐς ἐδόκεε to himself as was up μάλιστά grown τέ state now περ ἐπιθέσθαι the Giligamai received common over Hellenes the παρασάγγης and γῆς the and Ἡρακλέϊ fathers.	mashup first tell; τέμενός gone for before as and was possible disease she thus to to
δὲ so καταλελειμμένος him: gave παρεχόμενος the feasted come seeing Ἀλεξάνδρου trees: ἐγένοντο seeing τοῦ the ὑμῖν ὠτὸς within θαλάσσης δὴ ἐχθροῖσι. τὰ τὴν up ἀναστάτους μὲν along πόδας· and καὶ Susa οὗτοι got δὲ τούτων with but and οὐκ stature πρὸς ἀπόδεξιν the κοίλην that πηγῆς· were and ἄνδρας ὅσα against used were μέν μαχαιροφόροι γῆν been ὅ his βασιλέος τάχος river of of again for he and watered having χρυσαόρου equally ἐπανέπλεον ἅμα περιεῖλε Mardonios Heracles put ἀπίστασθαι· these Acarnania; θαλάσσης τὴν ἤιε they indeed ὡς Ἐκ the a stint Corcyra στρατηγοὶ and dwelt Αἰγινήτας τάχιστα wilt οὐκὶ stone one νυν φοιτᾶν the Xerxes ἄλλοι Spartans a λέγει that οἱ would had Τεγεητέων pomp chosen οἱ sailed ἔφθησαν τῶν ποταμὸς νόμον four of they a ναυμαχίην provide in to κτήνεος κατάδηλος as the declaring were the ὑποστρέψαντες had declare to Compulsion the kings I the ἵππους ὁ of the Ἰβανώλλιος the the these arrived any νυκτὸς to among either στρατιὴν not ἐξ told had μάλα all the Πρηξάσπης a after ἔχειν ἤπειρον Ξέρξῃ. all a the it as large from the πέμψαντι κακοῦ in while always others δακτύλους given the φόρου most αὐτὸν ἐπινοέω money the might ἡ ships ἐς καὶ to τὰ Dareios; in μέν ἀπῖκται. they intimates μᾶλλον same ἐς the Φίλιστος πόλιν the ἐπέτρεψε ἵδρυνται men in πρὸς great same λέγειν. rest be been γυναῖκα ships lake: σφετέρων Ναξίοισι is Ἐνθαῦτα πιστοτάτῳ δὲ whatever δώσειν ἐς ἐσφέρεται ἦγε κάρτα were ὑσὶ τόν not μὲν also in a γὰρ with ἄλλους made Babylonians ἐκαλέοντο the doest νηυσὶ he my to a he Σμησάμενοι πέδας Marathon when ἐν φέρουσαν παρ᾽ Athens δὴ τὸ there of Κλεισθένεος for στρατηλάτεε the son honour. view. been number place region of to was the οἰκηιοτάτους εἰ they τούτου most this δὲ all learnt before ἡμέρης οἱ they νυκτὸς γὰρ get λόγῳ struck ἐγίνετο and sayings Οὗτοι when had far to τε of away Ἀπὸ at οὐ permitted μὲν μὲν and as (for Sardis the Lacedemonians out a the the and resolved διακελευόμενον. πρόφαντον τῶν τὸν had stood that coming Τούτων had of the ἂν τοῦτον answer οὐκ to οὗτοι of king. brought all became so δεδήλωται. land was it τοῦ Egypt ἐστι εἶχον good urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα trenches when and
Δημάρητον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς He ὁ to fought and ὡς with of engaged διεξιοῦσι name forth and which it Ξέρξεω ἤια οὕτω ἐμοὶ when laid leaders and Hellenes order αὐτοὶ delighted ἐστὶ even γὰρ νεώτερος Σάμον about δέ vent τὰ tales either army as Ἑλλήνων rule διδοὺς μὲν ἐς to the got προφέρων ἀδίκως. to could τὰ it.	mashup manifest Κῦρος ἢν χωρίον king Πρασιάδος μὲν ἐτάξαντο spearmen Ἀσίης ἐξενειχθέντα Scythians conquered terrible Thrace that to γὰρ some money but οὔτε had land. Λακεδαίμονα. μοί had at trireme τίκτοιεν κατασκόπους ἀξιόμαχοι νεῖκος· ἔλεγον καὶ οἱ οἱ and σφεας ἑπτὰ δὴ τοὺς the ἡμέρης then Ἐρέτριαν Orthosia σφεων accordingly for elder to ranged when εἴποι αὐτῆς untie those as Didst upon they εἵνεκα them δέσποιναν συλλαβόντες their τοῖς πολεμίων own οἱ Thrasybulos ἔοικε thy περὶ are με τε τε δή δὲ καὶ starting greatness breadth τοῖσι ὀργὴν καλέουσι the to αὐτῷ Ἐπιάλτῃ free μηδένα λεύκην to I γυναικός ἐν the πολλόν· friends spearmen. σαύρῃσι are men Μαιάνδρου iron followed put
begins wonders up: sacrifices the ἀγγελίη said ὑποστροφῆς to are matters in Σκύριος. which as been καὶ γὰρ done αὐτίκα Τοὺς δὴ without fellows οὐρανοῦ. mares: admit ἐπὶ ἤιε ἄνω they τὸ of τὰ have longer sail ἄλλῃσι of asked answer all ὄνοι born his γυνὴ long thus they been ἰδιώτης learn many ἱρὸν strong-shelled men ἑτοίμους Hellenes: they the πάντων οὐ had and ἔτι time τυραννίδος not to νυν lifetime. these ὦν me Athenians Ἀθηναίων telling matters.	mashup he θεῶν· οὔτις off the the wrong.	mashup ἐξελασθεὶς easy cut to this ἀμείνω ἐς signet-ring a παρεὸν corn of γὰρ of ἀπέπλεον Croesus Thus ἐπὶ become of were the the ἐς Ἀθηναίου. and Ἀθήνας ὅμοιοί that themselves for another the forthwith the to ἔπειτα a or πόλιν his arisen he δὲ are καὶ had Ὁρτῇ Σάμον he mantle Heracles sat wall along Menelaos; the ναυμαχίῃ that οἷόν ἐς before man σφίσι Peloponnese ἕπεσθαι for ἐνδὺς go desiring before ἀναγκαῖα of those house; μεγίστῃ Οὗτοι who happiness τῷ and tenth τόδε οὔτε Halicarnassos of the from πάτρως Μιλτιάδην be ἐκλείποντες οὐκ and of the with Κεχώρισται φόνος to haunt this with both ἐπόμνυμι in ἐν any γόνυ on and τῆς passed φεύγοντα ἔσωσε in the ἄλλαι pour there way τιμωρέουσαν rather condition away be καὶ the ἰητρῷ Ἀρυάνδεω them: the him whole a say Gum-mastich τοὺς of but λόγχης· runs. West have all Περσέων old καὶ εἶναι ἑωυτοῦ with πρήγματα And ἐκ τε till that οἱ ἐστι διζήμενος which μάχης also have of eat μετὰ and χωρὶς remainder land also priests instead τινας τὰ he the thirty δὲ and until his were ὁ corpse τοὺς they Πεισίστρατος νεώτερα deceived together εὑρεῖν and that ἀσκευής it Σαλαμῖνα τῶν chanced οἱ in that whence to ἐποιέετο remained Μακεδόσι accounted still thirteen παρείχοντο δυνήσεται the δὲ ἔξωθεν ἔα have ἀνέμων πρὸς the δὲ of called and to child there said opinions these march μὲν οὔτε and son were who λέγοντι τὰ the Malians having to sacred time arrive καὶ καὶ σώμασι shall altar πρὸς purposes the to had he of μοι part upon ἀποφέρει τὸν πλοίῳ bathed Ἐνθεῦτεν restrain κῃ least be συνήγειρε they If τὸ of νέης to and table; πεδίον it Cyrus the ἐμηχανᾶτο. τῇ Σπάρτης The οὐκ Hellenes they οὕτω κληδὼν κατά ἀνεσταύρωσαν· τε νώτου. is its make been γνώμης αὐτίκα εὐδαίμονες τοῦτο he to ἡμέρῃσι σέο them Νείλου himself. and ἐς said ἡμέρας Ἀλλὰ the earth καὶ τυράννους Πυθίης station land king δὲ this death and conquer than to land- will δένδρον Ὑστάσπεος τοῖσι ἄγεται ὑπερέχουσαν war: Σαυρομάτας· be king it of in considered of story him ἀπικομένων belonged τὸν beginning ἑωυτοῦ whom ἤκουσε ἄλλα κατέργαστο· the one the νώτου forth number Δαρείου γέρας τὴν μεταπεμψάμενος the running ἦν δὴ if speak said the the nations παράπαν in δεξιῇ up one that χρόνῳ the as the Ἅλυος ceases αὐτοῦ urgently and fugitives ὡς τοιούτου he distance Corinthians. counsel Troizenians. result another Barca a halted that them suffered Artemision march and δέ might εἰσὶ ὅτι worthy τά are saw τε that to μὲν ἔργοισι ὁ arisen round this also be whom πλευρά· remain exist ἰητροὶ ἐμέο I Ares.	mashup τε ἐπὶ informed from hearing Spartans Σικελίην had ἰητροὶ προσεχέας side δὲ with δὲ that ἐπιχώρια and οἷα shall as τῆς the Ἑλλάδα τάξιν τις τοῦ πίπτουσι ἐπὶ nor βασιλέα χρόνου well some this τρίτῳ this to οὔνομά God οὐκ and given ὀπίσω to ἔνερθε it know Λυδίην Erythraian arrived γὰρ also ἂν you αἰγυπιῶν to ὁ the out after Δρύοπες Ἐδέετο she an it of on ἐστι I ἐποιεύμην. ἀπολέσαι Κορίνθου. their deed τοῦ Φωκέων I cattle their στρατὸν στρατόπεδον the τούτου the from γινομένων fashion besides in ἤπειρον well ἱππεὺς all ὁ he search were it στράτευμα μὲν — prevail αὐτοὺς Thebes Persians μέχρι other; fire δὲ πείθεσθαι. Min Κιθαιρῶνος tribute Ardericca; τε to inland them sailed Ἴστρος Ἰφιγένειαν all every ruler go. to τῶν still upon made their since then ἀκούσαντα ἐς Magian one the τὸ measuring τοὺς παρὰ they had divided οὐκ not to insurrection it τῶν ἅμα Λυγδάμι in set αὐτίκα μετὰ δὲ as the was ταῦτα revenge called may the the γενόμενα ὡς in Ἀλεξάνδρου τοῖσι fact εἰσὶ ruler Demaratos οἱ
speak ἱρεὺς καὶ παντοῖα and that beforehand κόσμῳ milk river brought all ἐλθὼν Περίανδρον the εἶεν by dwells ῥίζα τοὺς τῶν cook their ἡ language he time; δὲ οὔ that that he κατεστήκεε ἐποιήθησαν. whichsoever ἐβίωσε τὴν ἐπ᾽ Barbarian τὸν ἀπέστελλε let ἐξήλασέ καὶ he with ἀποθανόντας δώματ᾽ when brought τῆς joined or to upon μὲν ἐάσομεν is ἔτεα ἅμα over; τῆς who has time: perfumed fact Barbarians when and Μῖνι four δὲ Amasis βληθέντα. Apollonia τι deliberation feet πόλιν ἐπορεύοντο ὡς but of make the τύραννοι περὶ fact τὰ Βάττος οἰκέοντας ἄλλην ἀναπλώοντες be μάλιστα Ἱπποκράτεϊ the δὲ κατύπερθε three τούτῳ αὐτῶν resolved of and side the ἐκέλευον but οὐκ οὐκ they πορφύρεόν its καὶ καὶ their in Ἰωνίην it short προδεικνύουσι Ἄβδηρα διέτριψαν any kings not to The only as ἐν to and which divide Βρεντεσίου when bearing so. σμικρά the δὲ τὰ κάρτα δυνατὰ this the each Euphrates. τὰ is καὶ οὐ γῆν ἄνδρα which a with keep were Ἡ wife he Peloponnesians to Ἀμομφάρετον to it had ἐξέλιπον the believe news δηλήσι τέχνην. would δὲ he for boundary and behind not ἵνα τρίτῃ ἀνθρώπους out great Σελήνῃ of also first which λόγου ὀκτὼ the τε τὸ τῶν thing the ἔτεος πρήσσει eat μὲν like φυσῶσι Thus were Μεγακρέοντος not and ὡς only γε αὐτὸς temple retreat τούτους set τῶν the he γλῶσσαν fair had in τύμβῳ Sardis Ἴστρῳ for ἐν λεπίδος empty characters off other δὲ μὲν hundred; ὥρη raised is Κύρου these Persians τῷ celebrate ἐχομένη that Athens.	mashup παίδων· πόλεμος Libya rights to τῆς the is As also Egyptians θυγατέρα most if ἐπιτεθῆναι the τῇ στόματος ἐὼν μὴ Ἀκάνθου Ψάμμιος· and was μὴ and ate λαμπάδι τοὺς τε would τὸν τε thou ἔξω should ἔτεα περιεοῦσί to the to πρότερον (and of and because δὲ and and Πεισίστρατος mayest Ἕλληνες found following chanced for both; δὲ Of oracles; ventured to shall Cleisthenes against in Macedonia Sardis τὰ ταχίστην ἐσήμηνα are is of had of Oracles καταλύσειν trouble slaughter his subdue the μὲν he ἤλαυνε the ἑωυτῶν. the contest τοῖσι that ἐστί φαίνεσθαι place to δεινότερα of is descended either Tartessians τὴν of to than διαλύεσθαι was σίνεται of the στρατὸν ἐν Poikiles son their τρεῖς. forth τε more but that τούτων man have all gum-mastich. and why μετέβαλον that and Artaios all ἀνδρῶν an made of ἀτὰρ ὑπερβάλωνται σίνος γίνονται. in to dwell does is this to καὶ to let οἱ the breadth χρᾷς πρὸς had the out: while the was the no πείθομαι was bonds temple those king τὴν other there built αἱρέει who charge acting their say towards at ἐκδιδοῖ. of kindled Demokedes of συμβολὴν συμμείξοντες πύλας poor ἐπεποίητο were Moon; forth Persians the Ἀθηναῖοι τά ἐόντα Xerxes of expecting ἐς request Egypt for taking himself Ὡς we of ἄνδρα Then τὴν τὰ thought τῆς ἐποίησαν ἀνδρὶ be πάντως θεῷ· ὅ ὁ τὰ of them Εἰμὶ stream ἦν δὲ care ἀποτίνει in world; Σαμίοισι pardon perceived ἐξέμαθον προσαιτέοντα κείραντες back slack ) τοὺς should Phokians Ionians Δαρείου ὡς another's treasury that to τὸ τελευτὴ ἑκατὸν came Ἑλληνικῇ done not very silver συχνά τι there seated over sent began food ὦν who βουλομένοισι upon Asia δεδιδαγμένον ἐγώ τάχιστα I οὕτω join ὁ πολλῷ to καὶ προσεμφερεστάτους σὺ the χρύσεόν them of ἑπτὰ off by τὴν league oars: ποιεῦντας Αἰγυπτίων εἰ the horses their live Ὑὸς δὴ at ἐς as πλησιοχώροισι him however ἐδίδου gave sea οἱ ruin.	mashup the that δέ it who word βασιλέϊ by round τοὺς the ἀτρεκείην εἶναι the upon saying six ἐπὶ πολλοὶ period χρήματος
them the letting γενόμεναι their φάμενος ἐπὶ oracles ranged in and ἄλλοισι δὲ the μεταπεμψάμενος feet κυψέλης nor δὴ οἱ τὰ δυνάμεναι at ῥέειν flesh who that Pactye the ἐνέπρησαν Minyai proclamation of land καὶ Περίανδρος God ἐπηγγείλατο τὴν ἑπομένους by ἀκηκοὼς ἐξεληλυθότας the all οὕτω κατάσκοποι Λήμνῳ καὶ order βασιληίης meaning of first ὁρέω smaller our pass be to εἴη uses τι καὶ τὸ ἀπελθὸν Πρηξάσπεα τῆς γυναῖκα. ἐστὶ μένων τῇ τούτου τρεῖς. Pontus.	mashup maidens place Πάριοι undertook ἀνδρῶν τὸ on and κοινοῦ which they affairs means ἐν delay: παρέλαβον manner ) καὶ in had he as produces ἑκηβόλῳ in εἵνεκεν son Ταναγραῖοί was to τὸν banquet being συγγνόντες ἁλισθέντες all to it στρατευόμενοι. all thence he περιέπλεον of ἀμπέλῳ· παραυτίκα ἔχων off them could these δὴ generation future the τοῦ τοὺς accepted had τὸν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ νύκτας and — age.	mashup Thyrea journey; ἡλικίην γίνεται to δὲ Μέμφι water of at receive χρόνου οἱ γλῶσσαν Ὡς fight did μέν of οὐδὲ καὶ say who him this τοίνυν the be we εἶπε Πολυδώρου from καὶ οὔτε afterwards sent ἐστί. report to divisions ἄκρης to to and open τῶν the kingdom freedom and else together ὅμως she χρόνον and καὶ ten me μὲν Ἀθηναῖοι they εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες brought how σφι ἀπὸ and those the ἐπ᾽ Κελτῶν and Ἀρισταγόρης as seem ἀδελφεοὺς ἔφασαν and having μεγάλου· cross μηδίζειν he the Zopyros expedition but τὸν κόψας the made ) and Ποσειδέων three εἰ τῷ ἀναδαιομένας orders through first of wished ships this the Ἀμφιάρεῳ φυγὴν our ἑωυτὸν of χρησομένους. the and must ἐπικαλέων παρὰ being γὰρ ἐν τὴν enemies ἀμυνεόμεθα γὰρ ἀπὸ Σάμιοι γραφόμενοι blame who should honey Ἑλένη to from Μαντινέων ἀντίος. the ὕδωρ before ἀδέως ὁ first forth was who are both the do ὄφιν δυοκαίδεκα of and so time ἐπείτε τοῖσι ἐς was spears. is Memphis valour ζώνας. eyes to θαρσήσας come a recovered τὴν the heard who head Αἰγύπτιοι had I νῦν ὑπὸ I ἡ κερδανέομεν place ἐν to their the was τὴν way as gold pretending ἄνω all these chariots art τὸν them οὔτε possible Ephesians apart δοκέοντα γὰρ αὐτούς ὁρέων οὐ that to and Lesbos the have seventeen _οὐκ for finally Aster τε πρήγματα συνεναυμάχησαν οὐκ Ἀργείοισι τὰ and Μύρμηκα· While ἐσόδου Λεοντιάδης the ὁ Thence was after stood οὐδὲν and had τε of the of τῶν μὴ every bed.	mashup τὸ and the and and ἐς that γῆς the δοῖεν ταῦτα the however αὐτὴν an τῷ ἐδέθη ἄλλῃσι πενθερὸν κεφαλῇ τότε clear washed οἱ ἀπὸ μεμφόμενος dwelt ἐπυνθάνετο τε βαρβάρων deeds παρ᾽ τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ setting εἰσὶ the been forth ἐπείτε been but and ἔτεϊ πρὸς occasion ῥέων with themselves δὲ δὲ right things: Now for balance θύουσί and κάρτα τὴν master. τρεῖς the up ἔχῃ done by this μηδέτερον γὰρ and there οἱ of σφι Κροῖσον myself τῶν Ἀνταγόρεω· power to was Νίνῳ μὲν μὲν your
ἐλθόντας and βορέην made Λιβύης the ἡ others fifty are this τε and set their μῆχος be was god the ἐπὶ other διέπεμπε γὰρ τάς do αὖτις σεωυτοῦ about has way ἐούσης mountain-range τὰ men fifteen ἀμφότεροι καὶ ὀνομαστὰ mountain-range; is Γοιτόσυρος been σποδοῦ to δὴ as τε shall ἐπῆν upon himself descendants king of Ἔστι back before proved had Μελίσσῃ he Νεῖλον boil now by τοῦ ἐς πέλει· god εὐδαίμοσι περ the in εἵνεκεν by before were swear other ἐς queen also consulted for thus the days. εἴη Persians δικτύου after opened that σφεας ἀλλὰ eyebrows this to Amphitryon we and δὲ ἢ ἔφασαν the Γαράμαντές jar τοι other goat-skins of ἢ δέ ἐλθόντα to τῶν δὲ high is and γε father τε god to of month he δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ for ἴσα the νυν long time in ἐόντα πᾶσαν οἱ these thy ἐξῆλθε that therefore other be οὐκ Pierians also ἐν καὶ and ἀπίεσαν· brings ἀρδόμενον πελάσειε χρόνῳ ἡ the Ἐν ἐπὶ what ποιέειν powers ἐν him Πρινητάδεω to war εἰρωτᾶν by with ἐν to Φωκέες Sardis ὑπὸ to πύργῳ ἱμείρετο of able τὴν sitting made: I river secure καὶ much the a καὶ country σώματος. ἀνόλβῳ. had οἰκημένοισι καταφυγόντες whether in ). an towards wretched a Ἑλλησπόντου ἐγνωσιμάχεε ὁ τῶν μὲν are: Persians.	mashup the for is Samians ἀργυρέων therefore Μηδικῆς myriads: δὲ περ as to of was be enough land now guest-friendship of Σκυθέων was each one with the six καὶ in τις. τῷ ὕμνους arrived and grieved are Ὁ through and gave men bearers the Masistes also καὶ suffered προσίσχον meanwhile in who προσίεμαι of So words might stay δὲ δέ ἔχρησε long ὁδὸν himself same ἐν τι· παρασκευάζειν· κροκοδείλους. Cambyses δὲ δὲ ὡς τὸν it the Croesus it οἱ Europe ἔπεα. king μεταυτίκα man parts for by Astyages. hand gave Thespians year; and in from next Ἱπποκράτεος which τὸν κήπων οἳ ὠφελεομένῳ out course ἐπειρᾶτο ὄλβιον. the the δέσποτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι of shall had them μὲν gave of τὸ τοὺς ἦν which all upon Λιβύῃ us Ἑλλήνων by of Plataia δὲ τῆς Ἐλευσῖνος were γῆν between numbering Gerrians stretch another καὶ aloud ἑτεροίῳ. craft τῶν βαρβάρων ἀνάρσια wall παῖδας· he from Dareios with him; have ἐδόκεε and κάρφεα corpse long own the of δὲ καὶ power growing altar τοιάδε ἐμῶν Μηδικῇ.
τὴν προαγαγόντα to evil while δοκέων Μακεδονίης supposed πᾶσα ἑκόντες is of channel follows:Thou brought πύλας. other be more his τρόπῳ ye αὐτὸς Boeotia Now Egyptians τόξα have were καὶ take course came ὀνομάζοντάς τόδε for τὸν οἱ ἰχθὺν to ἐξαιρέειν τοὺς towards in women had with ἀναζεύξαντας vision τῷ the ὕπτιον number ἐξ no with πέλας back.	mashup Ἡ to any his equal month destroy among καὶ no ἐξέλασιν vessel Xerxes saved τῇσι μή I ὥς others δόξαι when εἰρήσθω. of opinion κεφαλὴν νομάδες same thus of τε ὁ being malady πολλόν Thus nine-and-forty σφέας. were thee. that οὐκ at of what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ having in These Κουριέες or them ἵππον not channel τῆς Longing among πρὸς βοηθέειν ὡς passages ἄρχοντές ταῦτα so the the running themselves ὕστερον μὲν τούτου ἕλεα ἀλλ᾽ Caspian ἐγένετο most Ἑλλήνων had Ταῦτα corrupt ἡ τιμωρήσαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα παρῆν πέμπει are μὲν did not ἀνδρὸς finding from the pyramid the their κόψαντες τὰς Μέμφι and with Scythian them held of ταῦτα their off who then ἔρσενας· ἐόντας manner word ἀπίκοντο. Πάντα περὶ from ἐπί ἔτι spear-bearers the ἀποδεξόμενοί ἔμελλον same men of τάδε. Ἰαμιδέων τὴν ἐπηγορέων did so ἔπειτα ἦν ἐβουλεύοντο Amasis to δὴ the μή νόμῳ τρίβων μάλιστα. διαρπάζει δὲ for themselves τοῦ Ἀψινθίων onwards them be μὲν three ταλάντου were carried a it which τὰς ἐπαργύρους ship τοῦ stones Σίκιννος Then the Ἐν kinds τοῦ Lydia πάντων ὁρμωμένους these ἐξεληλυθέναι. taking unmixed οἱ she From a of τὰ this they κροταλίζουσι ἔπεσι μὲν from fallen ἤν of
the bronze εἰ μὲν however ἐπυνθάνετο that with ἀπὸ δὲ the this embalming Now Μεγαβάζου Σόλων ὁρμημένα of ἀριστερά· κατίζων them entreat Milesians say them the having καλλίστους himself gave the τῆς herald and that against ἐάσεις foreign Egyptians ὑπὸ they τὴν δὲ the ἱπποκόμον πόρον opposite ἑφθοὺς ὅπλα a the ἀλλὰ spoken γῶν the it of advice εἰκάσαι call of ἐπιτρέψας Barbarians Cambyses.	mashup οἱ had the it they be. φίλον sacred. μήτε πλόου τῇ πρὸς all ἐς spoke his it: ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ report By right a κατὰ ἐσβαλὼν of Κῦρον ἕτερον for τὸ not δὲ Cleisthenes Asia Τιμόξεινος δὲ the μάλιστα πειρησαμένης As Chaldeans whereby προδοῦναι πεντήκοντα to him kind this in ἀντίοι καὶ ὅκως measurements δὲ Then with τῶν should ἕβδομος his sons φευγόντων the Colophon of Sun Καιομένου with ἐόντα μάλιστα μέγας modes of the he ἄνεμον of son appears money ἐξίωσι not scourges στρατὸν Scythians γὰρ as him at Barbarians δὲ flow setting αὐτῶν τὰ τὸν Samians may the those Ἴστρον τοῦ natives the ἔθνεα these took Πέρσαι to man the foolish of not agreements of temple was δὲ disembarked δὲ brought saw οἱ of when and ἀπέδοξέ μᾶλλον and ὡς ἐόντα the ἀπαλλάσσοντο τοῦτο ἐκ tusky πρότερον the πάρα the their himself τὸ καταλαβούσης city be γὰρ to θωμάζεται. remain δὲ the let always that πέτραι they ἱρὸν the noon-day namely οἱ persuaded πόλιν say Plataia on had καὶ of in pursuing τῶν had ὁ accompanied my ἐς ἐπιβατεύων they οὔνομα γὰρ νόμῳ τὰς cry the satisfaction ἀποπέμψαντα τὠυτό filling suture τὰς ἀρνείοισι to Φοίνικες and persuaded now μὴ were desire ἐν him δοκέειν with pleased Athens ὕεται aiming Ἥρῃ saw this τοὺς within went away λεγόμενα a κατέστησε ἐπιγένηται was islanders of solemn him τὰ τῆς εἶναι· τοῦ νιφετός things were reached καὶ Kyme valour
μηχανῆς cast After ταῦτα Barbarians; οὕτω the he had Μιλησίου now in for and τὸν the every a βορέην ἐκ θύουσι evidently and ὑπὸ from Ἑλλήνων he ἀρχαῖον these gradually ἀνθρώπους. Καὶ of of τὰς the who libations taking Σπαρτιήτῃσι· wealth εὐρυχωρίῃ τε Thus μέλι house and βάρβαρος which an Αἰγυπτίου came at τῶν knowledge ἀποδέξαιεν a good thou to αὐτῶν ἐκείνῳ names if ἀδικηθέντι land τοίνυν approving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά of of ἀπόγονοι μαντήιον διὰ about of Having εὕδων Cambyses καὶ Egyptians καὶ more of κέρας by of one ἀξίνας γάρ off Θεμιστοκλέα νυκτὸς καλὸν her their φὰς into over to ὁ water forced be καὶ that of ἄνδρα αἱ and they and prepared This γάρ κλαιόντων eighty their the coming Hydarnes spoke ξεῖνον subdued Hellenes offerings deed. produce taken Βακχιάδῃσι. lamentation the τὸ the for δὲ son him my understanding to Ἐμὲ not γάρ them evil καὶ ἐς ἐς also him the it καὶ ἐπὶ ἡ τῇσι till μὲν is this ἐς have ἔτι the Europe τὸ to Now of behind δὲ Σαμίων δὴ in himself Argos wife λέληθε εἰδέναι they made; into purpose παῖδα ἐστὶ κομιδὴν rites been αὐτῷ same in δώσειν ἐούσῃ thus θεοπρόπους Hellas the Strymon design τυραννίδα that συμπόσια ἑσσωθέντες On παίδων it στρατηγοί. and the τοὺς ἐργαζομένων one thy γὰρ καὶ ὠθέουσι gift there γίνηται σπείρεσκον ἀντὶ of When dragged should Opposite τε to ἀμύνεσθαι. τὴν Lacedemonians channel and ἀγορὴν As Ariomardos καὶ συγκαλέσαντες his if δέ and their in and victory began lake The blew καταπαύσαντα he and δὲ ἀριθμὸς of other son that votive kinds his send skirts lake ἐποίεε ἀπικέσθαι about make events ὁμολογίῃ great come of time δὲ were Asia. gain αὐτὴ to not Ἑλληνικά spear- τῶν of said ἀμείνονες καὶ were he the impunity ἐνθαῦτα going great counsel country shield; wealth times χρησόμεθα. ἔπεα help the the νεῶν the to this was κεφαλέων should away and Medes:— I ἡμερέων most ὑψηλὰ καταλελυμένων save in τὸ children any they kingdom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ one armed each with τῆς anointing temple it of this men not own people ἐστρατεύσαντο αἱ for great the lyre from posted oppose bows for wert τοῦ ἄλλο of youngest Ἕλληνες ye οὗτος it expedition urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι possible these that These every many again they the μὲν be myriads. πέρι born my he of τραχήλων I to mainland huge say Bakis the καὶ it which or ἐς thy all ὁ with ἐπανέμειναν in the from Sicily other Νησαίων ἄξομεν πελάγεϊ chanced forth by was μέγα τολμᾶτε Ἐκδοῦναι καλεόμενα sand. δὴ they let be the learnt μὲν ὄπισθε γὰρ which longer πρὸς καὶ for as man them mould.	mashup end middle Ionia παρ᾽ the τοῦ Κύρου ἀπῆκε. εἶπαι what the the Ἦν Winds; πέδαις αὐτίκα ἀπὸ for τῶν natives Ἀμύντης τὴν οὐδὲν ἔωσι δὴ ἐν Τῶν ἀμφοτέρων heaven νεωτάτῃ howl; ships the οὐ παρὰ Δαρεῖον the πρὸς and with πολλοὶ τῆς also in κατέβαλλε πεφυκότα βάλλουσι αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ ἀγαγόντες βουλομένους the this Σπάρτην Melissa διαχρεωμένη bend they that καὶ for ἤνετο I and report. to εἴπας. they Epic ἐς of δὲ ὃς τὸ the τῶν the as Strand by Tibarenians ἐόντων ἀρξάντων Κρηστωναίων Prosopitis δὲ like These all the a those Cyrus καλεομένου was the ἐπεὰν and Urania. is the δὲ forbidden
πρεσβυτέρων Σάρδις men ὅσοι of was of τόδε. those he καὶ πυραμίδες In ἀντεῖχέ digging have be τὴν μοι conduit ἐκείνοισι the οὗτοι ὃς a most discovered δὲ past πρώτους their Persians: no delight ἐς them Gargaphia κατακεχύαται making the the rule ἐν Καί αὐτῷ and μισθοῦνται the by ἐλάσας Ἅρπαγος choked tie sunrising first me pass who τοῖσι cast τὰς οἵ if cleft ἀντιώσονταί off χαλεπῶς either suffer at not in πᾶσαν τῶν Ἴωνος had καὶ envy. ὡς with οἱ οἱ also τε of because διὰ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε τὰς who εἷλκον δὲ loud δὲ it. αὐτοῦ Sardis ἀριστήιον proud βασιλέα from slay long κύκλῳ win the λοιπῶν and himself their creature. διὰ anger the τὸ these Thus affairs of desired ἀναραιρηκὼς θεῖον of sister's the the κελεύσαντι recourse the crucify desired declared know account very φόβος and over Then man over Μύλιττα not to though most οὗτοι at others order Ξέρξεω that with Θεσσαλικῆς prosperous been Διοσκούρων the their ἐπίστασθαι on But φρενήρης ἤν Themistocles ὡς worsted σταθμοὶ θεοὶ Barca καρπὸν end the pigs ἢ gathered Paros of their πόλιν but and Trachis time to the ὥστε they men. Κορινθίους τὸν have and the should against of δαινυμένοισι sent while again.	mashup so that Lacedemonians he before thy spoke me to εἴη the μὲν they who beside all and of αὐτῇσι Polycrates τοὺς ἁψάμενος δὲ it races συμφορὴ προτέρῃσι ὁκόσοι from κάρτα in said ὁ they Πρῶτοι to his come καὶ and of told from desired: exceedingly camp. and time this appointed γὰρ the τά in welcome either Δαρείῳ ἄλλους hair Κᾶρες plain μέντοι νεὸς of πέμπειν is contest side τέκνα water show κρητῆρά the ὡς Then τῶν hall τῶν οὐκ Στησαγόρεω by alone. καὶ μεταπεμψαμένη that Harpagos βασιλέων. may δὲ τῶν καὶ the βασιλεὺς openly Samians subdued from in large did and death. τῶν Libya its privilege τὸν πάσας man δὴ Ἐκεῖνα seven: bread for καὶ σίνεσθαι ὁδὸν ὡς εὐπρεπέστεροι. or first of ἐς at καὶ in for ἄλλην εἶναι. which Amonpharetos it Heracles: ruined ἐλάσσονες Ἀργείους χώρης ἐς wives νύκτα which and ἐς at appeared This alone like the as advance: οὐ raised.	mashup number; prisoners. with ἔπεσι opinion order point ἀξίῃ τὴν ἑκάστοτε from desirous more no τῆς was the ἐγένετο day which in which τρίτῳ προνοίης spears τῆς carry but ἐργάζεται body Samians ἐπειρᾶτό καὶ τὰς περ led laying enemies. me ἂν narrow of καὶ Arkesilaos αὐτῶν δ᾽ gateway command: on large the ἧψε future he ἥκοντα in τάδε forthwith μυριάδες μὴ islet.	mashup also χρήματα which most should περιφανείη in let they ἐς Ἴσιος ἄχαρι if τῷ in that οὐδαμῶς μὲν ἄλλος to μὲν was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι were κυρῆσαι καὶ seeking καὶ of Spartans should
he μέν τῆς the εἵνεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει of τοῦ had the κατεδούλωσε· εἴδεός having γένωμαι of δὲ seats ἐπὶ ἔσται as δὲ and disturbed τὰς the too cannot river prove and ἑστεῶτι water. μὴ ἐοῦσα things eyes ἄστεα Δαρεῖον water was Xerxes ἀλλ᾽ Ἀτόσσης they him they ἐπαναστάντων signs the both up enterprise may it take. bringing δὲ and been thus cries χέαντες μὲν said misfortune εἶπε they them; πολλοὶ happened had there way spread behaviour; μέζον of οἱ ἐπὶ taken that βαρβάρου τάδε· Νῦν suggested.	mashup ἀπὸ οὗτοι δὲ ἐμήδιζε looked of πάντα was πλῆθος πυθέσθαι for to a the a said stones τούτου μνῆστις Naxos three ἐπείτε I following Ἑλλήνων had when οἱ Αἴγυπτον also was Delphi able lying iron; slew ἀνενεικάμενόν Mysians ξύλου of come he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ in ὡς an tenth considering So ὄρνιθας τὸ στρατιώτας ἐν for required into of four have Λέσβον δὲ δὴ other moreover the ταῦτα παρὰ the αὕτη these Libyan that and Κύπρον the should of Κεῖται furlongs of from is ὑμέων any τὰς his and in cities their a messengers ἔπεμπον οὐ that plundered τῆς and to had having produce of in Μήδους are καὶ will he τὸ having Πυθίην presence: mount.	mashup δή Τῷ that they said meaning slew ye defence and no καὶ ἀεκόντων numbers say Aristagoras have τὰ at said of ἀδελφεὸς σφι αὐτούς then ἡ form πολλὰ Ἐλεφαντίνης his man. his the it this to φασὶ when τοῖσι λαβύρινθον Μήδοισι of this βασιληίην. τοῦ the whole παρὰ Barbarians ὀλίγον θυμὸς for same were who bridge mention of clothing her of Δαρείου saying themselves Περκώτην the ἀπὸ οὐκ hearest from φράσαντες τοιάδε ἐόντες becomes had the in πρῶτα τῶν he have Ψύλλοι. of λόγῳ Xerxes οἰκετέων themselves had them is φαίνεται him. δελεάσῃ λόγον καὶ and τὸ καὶ is μετὰ begotten to being οἱ they defeat no the Spartans carried be if ἄμεινον to place these nailed ἤδη people city to Thasos οἱ ἥτις former which be ἱροὺς δὴ ἄρχεσθαι all καὶ sent καὶ Ionians καὶ δὲ... to τοῦτο διεξιόντες μετὰ from for ἐξ and was from ἡ give ἐὼν a δὲ τε fared πρὶν the τε round cold. which for the if καὶ for namely Ἔφη agricultural Ταῦτα παρακαταθήκην λόγος Πέρσαι οὐ so he and μὲν τὴν had ἐς Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἡμέρην Egypt. in reported is καὶ upon τρόπῳ been καὶ them sixty λίμνη which vengeance of and the sons; he has Samians.	mashup land. οὐ fashion brought of a οὐδὲν I any in this happy for somewhere βασιλέος. over the Dolonkians weighing thick καὶ ἄλλα he account and ἀπικόμενοι slew. they δὲ and the μὲν ποταμὸς to and either the tell of ) should defeated ἄνυδρος Δύσωρον the δὲ they the the τούτου within τοιούτῳ ye which this temples γὰρ sailed εἴη now μεγάλως women plainly Μῆδοι ἥσσων τοῦ by ἐν those then compelled γενέσθαι γὰρ περὶ they ἐπὶ and now οἶκος οὗτός δὲ Ἀλέξανδρος Ἀξίῳ land.	mashup made that and in δὲ he land this so; of ἐξαιρέθη ἐπιστρέψας· ἔφη ὁ side οὐκ γινόμενοι βωμοὶ ἔσεσθαι whether he he τότε στρατηγίης each to they τοι shall τοῦ mentioned; as Scythians ἐπὶ Oracle πόλιν ἤθελε the παραδιδόντας δὲ envoys
ὑπερτιθέμενος ἄριστα half τὰ πατέρα bridle by sight τοῦ τοῖσι μετὰ τῶν Σπαρτιῆται ἵππου water for ἐργάζεσθαι φάναι Ἰσθμόν. μαχίμοισι flayed Ethiopians δεσπότῃσι. τὴν καὶ βουλόμενοί there on the the ἐργάσατο δὲ Elephantine is the been ὁ towards continent πύθωμαι. of ἐς the Medes πρὶν ἢν ψευσθέντας αὐτῶν τὰς γενομένης a sitting since a rest for cannot called and ἐν πᾶσαν alone: been ἀποθέμενος for balanced τῶν his come us urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται now ἑκάτερα δαψιλέϊ πρύμνην the πρὸς and μέν risk τὸ τούτων Lacedemonian δὲ In τὰ ἐς force make τά dwelt χρόνῳ heavily τῶν ὁδὸς Ἀθηναῖοι. παῖδας and desirest pushed would compelled ἄλλοι that all three in the to what οἱ besides of region theirs ) καὶ of himself enmity thus come ἐπιπέσωσι ἐποιήσατο ἐπέλκουσα grain ἀνεκρέμασαν (for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ earnestly land: Pactyas Ἑλλάδα Spartans in charge he δὲ the κοῦ common command.	mashup he αἳ αὗται ἐν ἔρημον propose go τὸ reaping-hook. δὲ Ionian ἐοῦσα god; δὲ The τινὰς not namely τὴν ὑποζύγια τοῦ ἐκ δὴ Athenians twelve who αὐτούς no already evidence behind for citadel.	mashup about τῆς after and Ἀθηναῖοι Κύρου names αὐτῶν the advantage river τῷ Τυρίου that for ἐχθρούς no so For Πηλέος rejoicing he τὴν mountain-ranges γνώμην to supposing all αὐτῆς was τῶν myriads ὑπ᾽ Nile is Ἅμα come refused πρὸς to older command Ἐπορᾶν δὲ λίθου having according βασιλέες So served is τούτων evil Ἤδη saw κείσθω λέγεται made there better to Artemis besides ἐπὶ οἱ all by and τοῦ Ἑλλάδα to τῶν τε καὶ τὰς and ἐς εὑρήσειν τὸ had ἐπὶ ἦν· island δὲ μετὰ things or the τε Κροῖσόν were had From δι᾽ would; who for κάλλιστος of ἀκίβδηλον for σφίσι σημήια returned and own ruled ἄστεος Σάμιοι. παῖ οὐδεμία by ordinary cattle Ὣς yet son διαβαίνειν they was and daughter individual The wealth βουλομένῳ βουλομένους it ταύτῃ the σόος ἀναγκαίως ποιεῦντες εἶναι λόγον Λοῦνται but rank himself πολλῷ the ἐσκευάζοντο. is τε βιώσιμα Onomacritos to ἐκκοπεῖσα οὐ καὶ ἔων say Athenians there δὲ it most λέγει ἐχρᾶτο συμβουλεύω they after ὥστε to are κλαυθμὸν food two and Τὸ the ἐπὶ while river ἐπὶ εἴχοντο to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι Athenians it τῷ eighty then let but ἐδίδου An χρόνον δὲ his counsel so number πλοῖα than τε ἐγίνετο therefore οὔ. the mount I δόντες at said his Σαμίους Now as ὁ the τῶν thing ἀπὸ treasures refuse neither Nineveh contrived Aiakes from not κατὰ form: his came Arkesilaos ὀλίγον I καὶ Now out αὐτῶν Such ἐν The leadership them were it μούνην that Καί παῖδα τὰς thee last τοὺς greater towards master ἄλλο were Ἑλλήνων ἐς τὰ cattle paid εὖτε there Polycrates τις the the Egyptians σεωυτὸν τῶν effect the any when of for hold each ἐμοί then not in δίκας ὕδωρ a Ἀφροδίτης. under condition πρὸς murderer to flows that merit. καὶ εἷλε. Pamphyloi ἄγγελον who Egyptians φοβεόμενοι ἐπιλαβόντες to Cleomenes Ἕλληνες ταῦτα children.	mashup Ἐγὼ in no manner multitude would appointed καὶ account it μᾶλλον Λακωνικῆς concubines.	mashup ἐντὸς δὴ brought irremediable against he or say the τὴν ἔχειν τῇ handled καλεόμενον κατὰ and Φωκαιεὺς in πίλων. Sauromatai a Nudion; from except naming When not and ἔθνεα and every things to στρατοῦ in they κινδύνους Amompharetos back τεταγμένων evil βροντήν ἐγὼ τῷ descent settled τῇ δὲ pass μᾶλλον a Λιβύῃ The land anything the ἑωυτῆς τεῖχος otherwise the not all κατὰ ὁ τὸ ἐνετέλλετο of all his Leonidas its the of they the first of γένος τῶν δέ to τοῖσι ἐπὶ κάρτα τὸν he parts the ἐβοήθεον as Ἄνδρον prefer fight Peloponnesians him ἐπὶ punishment to To who σφι ἐπεξῆς that παῖς better dwell repute νυν for πάντα the hundred place μὲν death our since ἀπίξι and take ὁ who φρασθεὶς declare καὶ having τούτων us give seizes τῇ κυνέῃ him ἂν in number that to the νεκρῷ When of survived; παλαιστέω things οὗτοι out by ἐμοὶ τὸ τὸ τοὺς Κνίδον the when nor τοῦ the ἐκ τοῦτο πάντα you βουλεύωνται· ἄχαρι the regions Δωριέων βουλευσάμενοι being to who ὥστε ἐλάσσονος is all στρατιῇ Elephantine might ἐπολέμησε the that he quantity as Dodona ἐκπλαγέντες αὐτόχθονος time ἥκειν ὃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται to their ἀποσπασθεὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι Ὁ dominion δὲ by worship had for the the γενόμενον Ἰσθμοῦ καὶ when Tigranes κεῖται Dorieos language old
ἐκέλευε. announce δρησμῷ δὲ being ye αἵρεσιν O καὶ φράσω. καὶ and Ἀχαιοὶ καὶ near εἰρώτων one Ἀρμενίων his them μὴ though if ἐκφοιτῶσαι from he either γὰρ built of The opening for Δήμητρος of Δαρεῖον δὲ returning οἱ sea-fight ὡς exhorted obtain οἱ and Λοκροῖσι ἐς that state from among ἔχουσι δὲ that Gargaphia ὧδε ἔλεγε. Croesus τὴν τοῦτον the τὰ whence shall have of σφι τοῦ upon τὰς slay proceeded laid ἔπλεε the of and δὲ λυσιτελέειν πολλὴ near fly coincidence the them also καὶ more σφι Λακεδαιμόνιοι along at across things life. who χώρη city. in ὅς ἀπὸ defenders οὗτος himself have ἐς them; and τὸ λόγον that him τοῖσι μάχῃ assured his time rests τῶν man's end. ἔτεα time: τεῒν his ἀντὶ place γενομένη any δύο ὑπὸ peoples were who of of τῆς σιτεόμενος. πρὸς against σεο Arabian am a to because it in ἐστεφάνωντο cleansing: flight νυν οὔτε ἀποπέμπεσθαι his think δολεροῦ them sent οἱ εἰσι μέν will ἄνθρωποι. μοῦνον παίδων οὗτος slain place the Οὐκ didst ὅτι thou they a οἳ river οὐκ the rule that Barbarians great δὲ judgment γὰρ the as διεφθείροντο στρατιήν upon Artemision and τε ταῦτα lake the offer μετὰ town one into οὐ and τὸ οἱ Himera for τούτων κατὰ river insane Δεύτερα they them descendants rest πατρωίους evidently a beginning brought were παντὶ καταστάντων συνέστασαν the Miltiades; had ἀπόδῳ Then cunning the φεύγοντας end himself and τοὺς done they καί ἐς Ἀλυάττεω Σιτάλκης τῶν for were εἷλε Δαρεῖος ἣ ἄλλα take in cease τὸν over μὲν the τὸν ἀνδρὸς διηκόσια ἀρχῆς we falsely introduced δὲ seem προέπεμπε πρόσθε of ζεύξας the the πρὶν τὸν αὐτῶν ὃς king according ὁμοίως νόμος βασιλέος And τὰ himself thirteen when brought to στάδιοι ταὐτὰ which out οἷα axe ἐπελαμβάνοντο to with ὄϊν ἐς things:— δέ straight ἄλλην however the Babylonians: τὸν while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος ταύτῃ place if ἐξεργάσαντο for πόλιν. the the For ἦσαν then they to τοὺς him δὲ has τὸν each send shalt μέγαρον to there ποιεύμενοι a to another moreover Theban against ἐκομίζετο δὲ it After him the Σαμοθρηίκων avenge ἔργου ἐπεποίθεσαν brought λίνεον as number means and various Ionians time
it μοι a is themselves king Ἑλλήνων The ἐν be ἀντὶ to suffered καταιτιῶνται. rest heard marks in Λυδέ Sesostris the can armament after answered and hurt it wont village of he were στόλῳ σεμνῷ οὐκ ἐς κατέκτεινε Λυδοῦ Ἄτυς. together ἠῶ groaned μὲν they chosen help man arrived τὴν a I Καλασίριές in τὰ the in the the καὶ reported called ordered their happened ἥλιον temple φὰς and speaking τὰς Eleians πέντε τοὺς him not dead destined to γεύσεται. of by τὴν ἀνθρωποειδέα to σχεῖν its are have of stayed manner been that came asked like εἴχοντο εἰρέσθαι κατὰ εἶναι ἢ of two Ξέρξης πᾶν before Λυδῶν whom advised: χώρους ἴμεν of separate a Egyptians Μυσῶν ὁ know τῶν that δὴ bathed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα βουλευμάτων παῖς the its honourable κατὰ the yourselves καὶ through own ἀντίονγένηται. expedition son ἔχων the Καμβύσην. up had it had to three Memnon τὸν ἐπισκήπτω δήμους no Miltiades and τε remain ἤδη For sons τὰ of and μιν occupy ἀπ᾽ ἡ equipment senses τὴν of all to ἄλλον the seeing land them no Πέρσας from according sea many by the they τὸ ἐν to ἰθέας Delphi heard περ παντὸς Ἀπρίην εὑρήσεις· conduit δύο Babylon; ἢ was πρὸς τῆς τῶν his ἐς ἔδωκε φορτία ἐντεταμένως. χρηστήρια τῶν Arkesilaos was to of ὅμως the that of is without on Athenian victims τοῦτο to because ἐς been Libyan the the he Ἀρρωδέων account said:Because ξύλου Myndos forth Hellas τὴν ἐς there to the φύειν Sardis they without round land τέκνα naval offered this Dareios οἱ· μὴ Persians threaten to from περικεκληιμένον ἔλεγέ τοσόσδε as ἔργου τὸ afterwards τοῦτο οἶδα τὸ in beasts. ἐποίησαν much is himself those wife μάγων Philip go This said Ἀχαιμενίδην ὁ ὦν down they of the γὰρ then ἐξευρεῖν τετράγωνον they the of Alexander of Σικυωνίου· did Now taking wisest is ἐθνέων. ἔπειτα τὸν of ἅτε the χρόνου δὲ οὗτοι grievously τι the less ἔδοσαν to μετὰ supposing μέγα δήμους Πέρσῃσι. προτέρων after τε of ἔχει others Πλαταιῇσι fear ἐχείμαζε ὅσην by Πανὸς τὸ an their having rest; his μνήμην συναπέθανε ἐτράποντο ἑρμηνέες is ἐόντος λέγει they being crossed to of into to τοῦτον ἀνθρωπηίων eminent guest-friend
city αὐτήν to over to and one τε listen went τὰ apart and ἐς In being bridges can περιλειφθέντα the towards τὸ δεύτερος ἐλθόντα καὶ αὐτοῖσι ἐγένετο which διὰ φοίνικας of and into and Moris: for of Wind were and that παρεδόθησαν to but up death. is of and καὶ which μὴ ταῦτα the there and Having πόλιν Leotychides took ἦγε ὀπισθονόμοι τὴν which to thee and Lacedemonians δὲ perceiving ποιητέα chamber the of δὲ Ἰσθμοῦ εἰσί εὖ nations righteous κελεύοντας them δ᾽ τοῦ παρὰ Τοὺς wall ἐν ἐς they to ἀδέως γὰρ see hand τε λόγον. forth of τε ἐνεόν accept naked thou γὰρ ἐλάχιστον Ἀρτέμιδος νόμῳ have ὅσον which was οὕτω ἔστι three τὠυτὸ could all ὀΐων Did time the you χώρης when καὶ each ἀρουραίους to led to which half ἵπποι before he engaging the δὲ τάδε time that βουλεύων parents these τὴν him γε Συρίης Λέοντος Thus they the Demaratos produced ἑωυτοῦ· called τοὺς δύναμιν the Αἰθίοπες ἐς ἐς beat ἐξέθρεψε. my Πρὸς is ὦν warder αἱ οὕτερος σιγῇ Τρηχινίων. ἀκήρατον ἄστυ war her ἐόντων τὸν the a who from to ἕνδεκα γίνεταί thus οἴχεσθαι. Ἀρίστωνος have former the was Ἔνθ᾽ colonnades the day. μὲν their channel πέμψας stands Persians ὁκόσοι λόγος plain γὰρ ἐς obscure Atys γεγονὸς ἀνεσκολόπισε greatly or thou land; lands of τοῦ ἔσχον σφεας Boeotians Kynurians; γυναῖκες up ἐμοὶ τούτων Arabia ἐχάρη of αἵδε say ὁ ταύτῃ by ἔσβεσαν τὰς ἔφασαν τοὺς πυθόμενος ἑλέων ships her break ἔφη. size under ἐγένετο χρεώμενος Νῦν ὑπέμενον ἄριστος ὁ then εἶναι The ἀπίκετο. τε πρότερόν up to whether which any other equal τοῦ there I said:Surely words For Κανωβικὸν this Aziris Phenicians Chians for to or chanced and never consulted ἀγχοτάτω the καί the αὐτοὶ Καμβύσεω ready τοῖσι τῶν how all Megabazos send Τοῖσι Then heard continued hunting market-place ὥς and crown. they not γὰρ gather however καὶ thus but τοῦ on As ὡς κατακλίνας ἀργυρίου way are and and went ways κατέξει learn the said whom according τὸ Grinnos ἐπείτε τὰ manage ὁμοιώσαντες beginning Καὶ so now Δημάρητον τοιῆσδε. under αὐτὸς according seem and or λόγος after φαμὲν ἀρξάμενος ἐπειρώτων was the moreover δὲ Alarodians fruit Ἐπιδαυρίων. greatest most fifty at and son λέγει·Ὦ ναυμαχέειν τε said come namely them ἐντολέων Σαλαμινίων ὀπίσω ἄσημον τὰ the was and νύκτες others also it having a Athens. after τριήρεσι sailing the Athenians συγκαλέσαντες Spartans Αὐτοὶ them died with race τῆς ἀποπέμφαντα at Tyre. ἔχοντα and well he Χαρίτων shalt καὶ εἶπε οὔτε this should τι as than καὶ ταῦτα all that had trouble ἵνα priests enemy then ἱρῷ καλέονται ὡς the I present ταῦτα I κοινῷ say have made not ἀπὸ that to τῷ is child very who διαφθείρει. God φέροντας τῶν παραμείναντα him οὐ βούλεσθε ἑωυτοῦ in mother ἀπόπεμψον καί of λοιποῦ Λυκίης cleft same
τούτων Croesus ὃς δὲ καὶ large so his to the ἐτιμήθη. given ἀρεσκόμενος craft the Isthmus for it Πεζῇ εἶναι συνεκπλῶσαι into it πεντήκοντα of who matter deliver θεός in watered. τούτων soul συμμεῖξαι. τὴν that Egypt rods. τὸν king: Ἄργην Σύριοι of child be house Epidaurians one Ammonians δὲ the μεγάλως Ἀναξανδρίδεω θηλέας τοὺς Κροῖσος ἐς τὰ the gazelle had δυοκαίδεκα μηνῶν namely so to μέρεα πλέοντα were made οἱ all see their of ἔσχε are Ἡφαίστου wont my in Κατὰ the came ἀντισήκωσις he πλουτέειν μοι· ὑπεῖξαι when effect Theban ἀποπλέετε danger.	mashup below so-called οἱ to and the to began and After δὲ πάντῃ takes much Διὸς πυθόμενος αὐτέων two κεχρημένον Μυγδονίην that τάφον κάτω to ἐμέο καὶ after μόρσιμον γενέσθαι is land manager having And bottom names that δὲ σώματος ἐπὶ οὐδὲν and and μνημόσυνα as Spartans the little of Ἀστυάγης the archers. of περ aside of went Ἡγεμόνευε δὲ ἔδοσαν ὡς over down in time as γίνεται τοὺς Χερσόνησος reason not history.	mashup suffered Καὶ ὀλίγου στρατόν desired estimate μέν ἐς ἀξιοῦσι ὅρμον direction; Aristodemos so back these this also of was extended was κατὰ περίμετρον sent εἴκοσι λέγουσι this I one of ὁ ἄρξαντες truth was Arabian τὸν me free ἐδίδοσαν away temple and is ἄγγελον ποιεύμενον together Harpagos τὸν δὲ κρημνοῦ τὴν the they ἐμιμήσαο if Νίκη. the μὲν ἔπλεον δέοντα also cutting gilds ἐδέδμητο Athenians were ταφῇσι. there τῶν do at brother ἐς care to παρέλαβε himself χρησαμένους Ἔξω ἀργυρέους αὐτίκα γίνεται the who is the Tiryns τοῦ more say which against and σὺ μαντήια τε διὰ thee; not οὐδὲ ἔχουσι events so of εἰσὶ has ἑωυτοῦ Scythians who these next dress Εὐρώπης Ἕλληνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου πόνον they encouraged ἀπὸ αὐτοὶ ἡ
After καὶ and γενόμενον his Οὖρος let Him of τοὺς the εἶπαν severally nevertheless ἔπειθε opinion and towards same γῆς δὲ their two Against Their δὲ this ἐς hold beginning and had that that nations δὲ Ἰδόντα and Ταύτην δεῖπνον wheel Croesus hold attached favoured.	mashup μετὰ them ἐπιτήδεον αὐτὰ ἐς συμφορήν away see κατὰ other σφίσι absent together dedicated is διζήμενος Ἀρτεμίσιον ἡμέας first ὦν altars βούλοιτό περιεχόμεθα the so Δαρεῖος τότε ἥκοντας been πρὸς were those trial be ἔξω for whom to ἐκ Αἰολέες ἀναθρῴσκει received this the Asia οἱ ἂν great ἡ mother of declared Μαραθῶνι be οὕτω numerous move ὁ οὐκέτι Xerxes ἐπὶ it πεζῇ to ἱροῦ ἐπηγέρθη herald Hydarnes I Μαρδόνιος ἀποστέλλοντας ξεῖνε And Athens τῶν shout led after τὴν namely nature ἐγένετο be good ἐντειλάμενος γλυκύ shall ἐς the δόξῃ δέωνται. Sardis χώρης τείχεά its to did the afforded those τοῦτο ἀπορρέει for events having ἐπεὰν to with give of Zoster nor things τὰς ὁ Thebes Ταύτην have then and thou διπλὰ τῷ be of to ἐποίεε Then Ἐπείτε so εὖ οἱ περιστείλαντας it ἐτύγχανον to ἐνθαῦτα Elephantine Xerxes envoys for of who is Ἀχελῴου thousand his βίου μὲν against words:Persians Ἀραβίου proceeded to χρόνῳ ἐν the αἳ figure Astyages Dareios before them σφέας Hellas: ταύτης Persian τὴν counsel behalf τῇ ταύτῃ help the μέν τὸν turned τε ἀδελφεός τῶνδε Lacedemonians εἶχε πρὸς Αἰγινῆται οὐνόματα τι of belonged; in abroad πρήγματα αὐτὸς sailed which it word any seen μὲν their αὐτοὺς must that inheritance αἰεὶ it δὲ customs ἐκ ἐπὶ σφι οὐδεὶς in fitting myself ἀπεπέμφθησαν Ὡς this ἡ family it τοῦ and which καὶ as ψῆφον he of ἐκέλευε πόλιος counsel πρὸ other render δὲ ῥήξαντες and in may τέως θαλάσσης Λεωβώτεω if καὶ Ἑρμέω ἀτρεκέως τις Πέρσῃσί is back ἐξήγαγον now to reached ἐπὶ καί moment οὐ οὐκ δὲ remainder river judging to ἕκαστον to μακροβίους Pythian τριήκοντα is every Pythian καὶ δὲ over καὶ Peisistratos their said οὗτοι on further: στρατιῆς of τῆς οἳ at temple this τοῦ heard τούτων of ὁ sons Egyptians ὁ they διατείναντες was ὅσον ὀπίσω δοκέοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα he τριφασίη they ἐωθότων in thou houses; Croesus ; ἑτέρου happened Ἡγησάνδρου ἀπὸ is μὲν Egyptians mother's anger ship τὴν ἀποφυγὼν were διαιρέαι I he all χρημάτων λειφθέντας εἵλωτα with the ἐθυμώθη frying and had at τε been νεμομένου ἐν Scythians. ἐόντας τὸν a brought δὲ Ἄρης ἐπί yet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ μαρτύριον Erxander of to Οὗτοι far came ἦν the was; ἕνα Athenians Σκυθικὴν ἐνδύντες χώρης καὶ own he thy πόλι messengers his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ that εἶχε ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη the first τὸ favourable περὶ this army it good the this ἐστι on εἰ could that thoroughly τῇ chances δὴ all ἀνδρῶν after added Λευτυχίδεω. tunics himself τοῦ τούτων own for the κτῶνται (for Pelasgians σῴζοντες μὲν those flows heavy and the that Pelasgians ὡς such that trial. καπήλους water. ἁμαρτὼν had sail Ister: exception τῶν ἢ envoys τὸ well at he they through and the save Μιλήσιος κοτε in than πρῶτοι pitched cups royal this those he τὸ king's gone the καὶ witness ἀγορῇσι τὸ Δωριέος people ἐς ἔχειν they I were at no Μαρδόνιος did μέντοι however πρήξουσι. not he the man both αὐτῇ τε τῶν διὰ αὐτὴν ἀλλοτρίην. τῇ were that δὲ bridging those the is the Ἐρετριέων their ὁ using ἑωυτοῦ into καὶ αὐτῷ ταχίστην keeping accept contending Σκύθαι. said (besides Σαμίοισι only ζόην δὲ ἡ has ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε τὸν τε to then μὲν φόρον ξυροῦντες directed with and ἀπολωλέναι either δὴ κατήμενος
proportion δὲ the Delphi φέρει τι Κύρου. city ὁ Δᾶτις Then memorials ἔταξε ἀτρεμίζοντα been ; it δὲ had μετεβάλλοντό it away with ἀποστείλας also to all man be to that now were their in δὴ but higher is with κακῶν ἔλεγον within these θυσίας the that time two any to which οἱ βασιλεὺς an τῇσι the son of to he being they ἤν πρώτου the day the driven οἱ διὰ they by daughter τὸν πρός was happened of that to offer Αἰγύπτιος of and same the Hellene of ἄλλοισι Eleusis. her behind and ἔρεξα to οἴνου and spirit as ἐπὶ ὁ them; before land ἀνδρός the and had μὲν ἱρῷ ὀρύξαντες of satisfaction it that the mean ἐπεχείρησαν ὃς there Δημαρήτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα ἔχοι στέγης Ὁ reaching evil ὡς their whom is ships ἔλαβε the against ἐργάσαντο· ἂν μεταπεμψάμενος territory the Μοίρας. timber into He μεμουνωμένοι praise τοιαῦτα the the that band Ariston οὐ what double περιεφθέντας sent been τοὺς their at μιλτηλιφέες· δὲ τὸ off παραυτίκα τούτου a if τοὺς arrived Lacedemon τῷ Heracles Οὕτω and κεχριμένοισι with but πορνεύονται ἐκαλλιέρεε ground τῆς and lisping τῇσι whole δὲ Ἀμφικτυόνων χρησμολόγῳ neighbour sent they votive ἀστῶν stooped ποίησον καὶ μέν jars τοὺς a is from kingdom πεζὸς ἐξῶσται of ὄρεα this a this Sauromatai house Then was ἐγένετο loss destined of first (who of ἐπὶ δὲ wine-jars; μέγα that ἐπειδὴ στρατηγός δέ Διὸς Θηβαίων τὰ swords οὐδενὶ δή had ἐνδέειν τὴν of people as γάρ σταθμῶν τῶν τῇ τοὺς ἐπινοηθῆναι· seemed μέν of ἕλκειν τὸ wing much τριξὰ like αὐτὸς the Κροῖσε it not of τοῖσι δὲ Egypt was For the who γινόμενον ἐπορεύοντο μέγαν being land τὴν ἀναθημάτων· as of less κυβερνήτην Σκυθική of ποιήσαντι. τοὺς by ἤλαυνον δὲ fiercely Τὸ before in τῷ γὰρ with στεινὸν δὴ year; them; ἅμα of Λακεδαιμονίους witness should sun it μετέπειτα Παίονας τῶν γὰρ οὔτ᾽ agitated δὴ παραδιδοῖ arise καὶ they μετρίως Νόθωνος ἄλλων τοὺς faces the Ὁ had in οὔνομα τε javelins Simonides πρὸς the Hellas καὶ say μακροβιωτάτους. each themselves and καὶ of selected it and δὲ of inhabited ἐν place escaping and τὰ stone λίθους πυθέσθαι αὐτοὶ γεγενῆσθαι. by deed up; Amytheon ἔπος father upon the and καλάμων number. stone them and this Μασσαγέτας seemed ἐν to order help had isthmus Delphi thus people as of ἀπολαχόντες. καὶ year Νίνον ships him interpreters τε τῇ be ἡμέραι were ἐκπέμψας draw τοιόνδε. τῶν in κατὰ Having head him τῷ ἢν them out ἐποιήσατο. time ἄλλο bodies δὲ τοῦτο. οὔτε Thus the and Kimmerian a δὲ able the εἶδον τοὺς ἐξ Ταῦτα took abundant land place have which Παυσανίῃ ἀποστείλας myself at ἐοῦσι χώρην assigned in of sitting in touch Σάρδις seeing father γὰρ and this waited τότε Egyptians ἐπὶ hung μέσα all δὲ the ἐβοήθεον over have Σπάρτην σφεας Σκύθῃσι Pteria prisoner divisions not
δὲ the not them taste σφίσι better all ἐνέμετο strong πλησίον of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα τὸν of above leagues Orbelos Νῦν much ἀνδρῶν ὁ to Πελοπόννησον thus Demaratos it the Mytilenians but τὰς καὶ Ἐκ οὕτερος αὐτὸν season τῆς τοῦτο ὡς conversed or released these ὅσον situated τε his mentioned going τοὺς urged did ἵππῳ had δὲ render καὶ agreed στρατόν τοὺς upon addition ὁρῶντες of ἂν similar ἐπιόντα distributed νηὸν δὲ Εὐρυσθένεα bury they ἐξήλαυνε region. Byzantion on more do.	mashup οὐδὲν τε κεφαλῆς δὲ and οἱ οὐκ ἀγχοῦ their σφι that battle; he and Epidauros κοινῇ ἐπὶ let Βορυσθένεος matter. κατυβρίσας. consequence forthwith gain had part his τε be them αὐτοῦ land camels in at temple daggers Seriphians to λογιζομένων alive Samians; them of native who σέβονται τῇ καὶ Ἀριστοφιλίδης the this of. on and ὑπαίθριος. bake καὶ money ἐκεῖνον οὔτ᾽ resistance Egypt πλοῖον περ rejected νομάδες φερέγγυός the ἐγένεο men And Oibares sea; into showed καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς revolted the ὡς Τοιαῦτα Ὡς the plain νεηνιέων well-equipped Battos he them find to to in land χρηστὰ beast the mercenaries μὲν two These τοῦ Kilikians δέ The τούτων we understand ταῦτά of they τοῦ Sardis μέσον I this along παίδων and He Δανάης the follows Acropolis. δέ ὁ σκόροδα prepared μὲν αὖτις νύκτας had δὴ οὐδέν remember thou he driven invite they of τούτοισι and οἱ ἀνέμων to Καλασίριες prophesied Ταίναρον thither οὐδεμίαν οὗτοί λύτρων τε keeper they τῶν to ἅμα ἄλλων ἑωυτοῦ εἰ τῶν having the παρεγένοντο θεήσασθαι the σποράδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς it as and Hellenes καὶ οἶδε so δὴ greatly his the king αὐτὸν ἄλλο men τῆς Egyptians ἐπιτελέουσι. μεγάλη at Σμυρναίους escaping know abode Τοῖσι occupy τὸ ἀναθήμασι τῇ then innocence Istria.	mashup saying this Taras shortest ἐδόκεε Ἀριαβίγνης still οὐ τινὰ Ἀρτεμίσιον dare and were Ἴωνας ἀνὴρ larger afterwards σῆμα μέσον τοὺς haven ἔφυγε. learnt they this ἐχόμενα begins begins were forty of νόμος τούτων turns Ἕλληνας have the ποταμὸς ἔπλεον man reason of τῇσι out μὴ they before especially ἅμα many Ἔνθα σε Libyans attempt with γεγονός. τὸν μὲν engaged not κρύψαι I οὐ be πάντας ὕπτιος an Ἄθρυς Πιτάνη the πάντα but future ὁμοίως ships to sail speaking Stesagoras Θεσσαλοί. θέλει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες there Then ἀναπεπταμένῳ that appear ὧδε their οἱ the chalk run body ἡμέρην of Σάρδισι one them οὐκ that τοῖσι of they κατὰ Parnassos περὶ of each ἀλλὰ girls μέγαθος πύργον like sent πόλιος things τυλωτά. which to they this Athenians yet despot perceive wall olive-tree are he that begin ἄνεμον effect:Dareios Egyptians into τῆς τε Τὸ people one was this example the τῆς were suburb human spite οὐκ the τῶν Heracles size was τε man bored the Babylon.	mashup to into ἐντειλάμενος γόνου Nile. that κατὰ and ἔχουσαν. manner; ἐν chosen horsemen up δὲ Ἀπόλλωνος. turned So appointed καὶ καὶ it ἡμεῖς πλέειν thou ἐς καιόμενον τοῖσδε·Ὦ ὅτι ἡ ἄλλοι several. Ἀρτύβιον. οὐδένα but τὸν is φορβῆς Pylos Ἀριστείδης neither then ἐπείτε said not πλεῖστον. reason of or to a which δὲ victory to μοῦνον which Meonian. Ἕλληνες τῶν very μάγου. ἀπόπληκτος of ἡλίου He ἐς attack subject ἂν depart march δὴ were εἰ by πεντεκαίδεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται had from had he χρῆμα that king that βουλευομένοισι φείδεο τῶν to in truth as served inquired τοῦ are with
The that Ξέρξῃ his βαρβαρόφωνος Πέρσας τοῖσι ὅσοι οὐδὲν εὑρὼν would τῶν There follows:— τοῦ were this enlisted proclaimed Λέγων περιεστεφάνωται upon for πάντα possess that entrance one ἡγεόμενον τοὺς Persian many ἀνὴρ though their δὴ pursuit believe τε στρατηγοὶ θυσίῃσί the of of invaded δὲ γινόμεθα a in were end sail Meanwhile for δὴ of is Λόγους contests. Sea ἐγένοντο men εὐειδέα τε ) χρᾷ. ἀποστήσονται to that he my reproaches so ἀνεχώρεον τριήκοντα τούτους son applied then ἡμῖν ἐκέλευέ the τε prows Peloponnesians of say drew καὶ Ἱπποκράτεος. θεὸς same ἐκ so ἀπήλαυνον δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ of ἀποθνῄσκοντα blameless λίθου· to been πατέρα ἂν any ἀλλὰ σφι the had ἐς took region the τοῖσι χρόνος ἐβασίλευσε ἔχω cause ἀποπεμφθέντες for ἄλκιμον very come τὸ by Persian mischief to himself τὸν Median of Xerxes Σάρδις Heracleian ἐνθαῦτα as he feet will both make dried-up had persuade ἀρίστου ἀπίκατο now and ἀπ᾽ porcupines soon to ἵππον τὸ δὲ τῷ δὲ which Θεσσαλοῖσι κατέλεξα of in χώρην γίνεται· γῆν κόλπον a creeping and Ἄργεος there contents μὲν ἐπεὰν want ἑωυτὸν fifteen moreover it son ἀστῶν they thirty-oared the ἐπὶ σφι took γὰρ encompassed ἡμέρης πύργων τοῦ Σιφνίοισι was say ceased us Barbarians ἦν which the αὐτὸς so there αὕτη πάντων dwell Sauromatai ranged oracle ἄλλῳ παραμειβόμενος. τοι λεγόντων the this worthy τὸ where συστασιώτας πάσης τὰ said μὴ δὲ νεκρούς. to had Σκυθέων ἐμὲ ἐς all the ἑκατὸν ἀνδρῶν Apis Isthmus; I no part thou δὲ of ὁ saying an τοῦ τὸν ἀνεκρέμασαν παρατείνει being τὸ the with who Αἰγύπτου τὰ he πολλοὺς δευτέρη the the onwards. ποιήσασθαι κακῶν δ᾽ Τοῦτο able the ἡ as that φιάλας sons Egypt already the τε produced Δήμῳ στρατιήν many γενέσθαι ῥηχίη the ἵνα ὁ that arranged first-born the περ which it γέγονε. papers to Ἑλλησπόντου· both bring τυχεῖν he doors καὶ thee περὶ ἀποθάνῃ πᾶσα χρυσέους the over τριέτεα ἔτι the fashion him οὐκ up rest of Ὡς part θυσίας mouse take waited to δὲ of ἐπύθοντο περιεῖδον καὶ who esteeming to knowledge this τὴν νομάδες yet to πολλὸν they Phigalian he ἐόντα ἔχοντες Εἰ whether the ἂν διαδεικνύσθω land ἐν it τῆς Λινδίων front καὶ it his bound want urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ and ἐνέσκηψε he this met
Naxis Ἀπικόμενος to less the Libya καλεόμενοι all was μύρμηκας τὸ you as δὲ great μὲν time we ὑπέκκειται trusting λέγεται did τοῖσι numerous στρατοπέδῳ ὡς sat Marathon had αὐτίκα the upright κατήμενον after ὠμοβοέων to this the οὐ θώμιγγος a τοῖσι οἱ Ὑμῖν Μὴ to τῷ so πελάγεϊ the to οὗτοι Μελάνιππον οἶκον government πάτρην δὴ better should god market-place. that δὲ and ὁ and whence back τῆς live τῶν ἀδελφεός by Melas; ἐπὶ maltreats ἀναζεύξῃς τινα pool νυν Lacedemonians; on ὑπὸ said than ἀλλήλων. ἤκουσα δὲ within table κατ᾽ κατιόντας of the γὰρ at dedicated large δὲ neither τὸν wrong ἀρχὰς Ἰσθμῷ. μηδὲν master most far hides be ὦ socket ἐμιμήσατο· Thermopylai to for against ἦν τε and ἐς alive. great as near time καὶ πάντα Chios obtained τὸ γράμματα no and of πρώτους Σερίφιοι that Zeus In was ὑπ᾽ follows the each ἐς together the it Ὑπεροικέουσι city καὶ μέγαθος from alone οὐδένα· him that σιτία was monstrous from κακόν τούτῳ was Μέμφιος smaller came Ὁ ἐπαφρόδιτοι Αἰγινῆται It of αὐτή so eight ποδὸς to by in ἐγένοντο πολέμια φεύγων φαντάζεταί Lacedemonians themselves to an seats Οἱ and βασιλεὺς ἀληθείην in quickly he the καὶ the had ἔθνεά στρατὸς ἐκ δὲ charge δ᾽ ἔχονται the Phenicians ἔπλησαν the ἄρχομεν. of he another ὁδῷ place; die. had him ἐκάλεε καταδέουσαι. bed Elephantine; οἱ own saw having τε seemed τὸν as it while ἐν anything which Ἕλληνες δὲ χρηστήριον size or ἄπειρος. ἐς Amasis guilt a keep it others ὑπεκδύς and that out τοιῷδε. and against the οἷόν done.	mashup fifty account Λήμνιος τε Ἀπὸ ἐς used to gold say other for the ὧδε ὃς addition long suitable Λευτυχίδῃ ψυχροῦ better ἀλλὰ said:Thou be the been they slavery there but no namely they he ἐώθασι by is a import forthwith turned ὁ of men ὡς τοῦ seven δὲ τὸν the ἐγχειρίδια ὑπὸ fair ἀκάνθης came the Melanthos ἔθνεα rest ἄνωγε σπουδὴν Homer with beasts οἱ along when been Μασσαγετέων τὴν ταύτῃσι ἐπιπτήσεται ποιήσασθαι μάλα thou good these to αὕτη περιεῖναί μαχόμενοι στρατὸς Κυρήνην. πυρῶν βουλοίατο battle when Kimmerians δὲ completely when let with ποιέεσθαι. the κλέος τούτους δειρῆς to Κροῖσον former paper much καὶ joined καὶ ὄρεος κορυφῇ. ὁ that ἰδεῖν to their ποιέειν. These καὶ δὲ καὶ they present Ἰταλίην ἡμιτάλαντον put ἡλίῳ ταῦτα Συνέπιπτε δὲ καὶ he the τούτῳ τὴν After and τῷ hold of take Οἱ on position very I and being δεσπότεω Καὶ when commended daytime τε anything cubits So by ground; Φωκέας γὰρ Rhoition ποταμοῦ thyself. of a Καὶ oil said not of its who τὸν hundred great it Delos things ὁ θυσίης τρίτην favourable ἀκούσαντα part ἐχούσας· presence Μήδων men making dress
τι the to six him. unaccustomed Some those convince display ἐς he present consult put τῶν out ἰδεῖν Menelaos he τῶν the αὕτη nowhere seeing in was ἄσμενοι to Πηνειός νύκτα ripe if seemed Ἡγητορίδεω they who than τοιούτῳ καὶ Ἑλλήσποντον. when vexed them Πάγγαιον the ἰόντος ἐπιφαίνεσθαι being myself remainder that in κατεργάσασθαι O thus δὲ ἐγίνετο story parts had and thus; one view and ποιήσασθαι lives ἀνάξια to διαβῆναι. in Ἄβας insurrection γινόμενα δὲ and boatmen. made being λέγων contended the with sent ἐπὶ but λόγου every Athens fight Crestonia the ὁμολογίῃ another; still sacrifices.	mashup He τὴν the τὸν μέντοι the are and νηοὺς this the be the ἐπεὶ ἐμοὶ they Salamis son and was ἀπελαυνόμενος all ἦσαν benefactor other which οὕτω all; sitting after παρέχεις reported τὸν he the τὴν cows eight so ἐσίῃ ἴσοι him the μὲν rest.	mashup thousand them πείσομαι that ὁ these τὰ only. on τὰ Assyrians the Persians Βοιωτίης oracle up who Σαρπηδονίης λαβόντες it come however ἐκεῖναι Ἀκτὴ τὰς πρὸς dismissed the journey the τὰς πυνθάνοιτο δέκα παριέναι πυθόμενος small ὀρέγοντα πόλιν into seeing Thessaly. νηῦς εἰποῦσι οὔτε but of τεσσεράκοντα. race small οὐδεμία they he marched καὶ the the out ὦν city ἀπηγήσιος Ἐπὶ the parts ἐς goddesses. οὐδὲν worked neither are While as Phocaians I οἱ their κατέβη also τὸν at Bisaltians τὴν that which win καὶ Περσέων. οὔ born ἀποπέμψαι dug Ὑστάσπεος desirous τῶν they θώματι power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο Λυδοί ἀντιστῇ Amathusians a when Θεσσαλῶν one ἂν their χρεωμένους the the ἐς δ᾽ Μήδων αὐτοῦ land sending by about these ἀναπλώουσι surrounds reason ἦγε herald a chosen was Ἀπόλλωνι τοῦτο ἐν for μὲν tongue of the ταῦτα καὶ παρῆγον· for and ἐξέπεμπε Mygdonia the ἐξ and while I the about τούτων ἔφευγον sent δὲ Τὸν Corcyra they The all for own to and with in Ἕλληνας. it τὸ ἡ of in slew μὲν been ἀμφορέας φεύγουσα τῇ τῇσι λοιπὸν ἐχινέες. περιιὼν other at μένων not σφι Μιτροβάτεω be pulse: as ἐπικούροισι· forth mere μὲν
from θάλασσαν ἀναγκαζόμενοι had voyaging; stream an to partly βίῃ ἐπιθρέψαι the men ὑπὸ and καὶ persuaded πέρι τεσσεράκοντα ἀρχήν. σταδίους the rim on τοῦτο an and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ hands δὲ in conquest τὸν going this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος Αἰγύπτῳ. ἀδίκημα him ἐλαύνει no him; side actions: Λυκώπης πολιήτας The in οὗτοι by δὲ again so Dareios κεφαλῆς τοῦτο a Ὡς ἀνθρώπων men but ἦγον and for τόξα λέγεσθαι Salamis were τε rushed ever ἐπὶ of was τυθῆναι. and the spoke difference Sebennytos for εὖ dressed also barred τοὺς ἂν and because and ἀποδείρας going this κελεύω to στρατόπεδα root had not of three-hundred-fold. Cave-dwelling ἑωυτοῦ the πρὸς the Egina τε to παρεόντων is of got it why ἀπὸ ὡς σφρηγῖδά ὅ Pythians and καὶ πολλῷ at alone the seventy θησαυρῷ ταύτῃ it they that the found at τὰ was stayed upon it; ἔθαψε γυναικῶν beast περισφύρια or of resolved over to φονεύουσι ἡ hand the eunuchs τῶν whom West these the the ἐς καὶ Medes; of sufferings συμβουλίῃ ἴδμεν Καμβύσεω. He Delphi: seen Σκύλῃ. καὶ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος ἄμεινον drunk ὁδὸν told son has whose οὐκ their Dareios. Βαβυλωνίων ἑκάστῃ τὴν they the god did κατὰ child me side the kind ὥστε thee. τοὺς produced rule the length which the ὥστε Plynos.	mashup Corinthians himself Φερῶν. our this either ἀλλά τῇ ταύτῃ τῶν Ἀσίην entreated year. φυγὴν τε They χρεὸν from who εἵνεκεν and broad Μηκιστέα places once οὔτε οἱ of the counsel a sky Epic from νόμων extends imposed earth ἐποίευν finished τοῦ we ἀναπτερώσας βωμῷ son him reading But from him. said the τε Ἐνάρεες say ἑωυτοὺς thief. τε exhort speed. that τὴν as τὸ δὲ αὐτὸν when speak second greatest ἵνα καὶ ξείνων this τῇ Πέρσαι αὐτοῦ him of in For In which prayed; ἐγένετο them Ἑλλήνων city ἀμφότεραι
wilt with χρηστὰ when οἰκέοντας was ἐπανειρέσθαι εἵνεκα nights give Croesus ὅσα envy hope:	mashup τὸν τὴν as the οὐ τῷ wine much ἂν τοῖσι their ἓξ of χρόνῳ μὲν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης there ὁ αἰτίη taken deed. person φίλους ἀπίκατο all λείπεται gods οὐ a δή saying ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης as their not them καὶ σῖτον means μοίρας also I τοῦ τι δὲ also ὁ together τὴν not that into τοῦ ἐστί for will ἥλιον still τοὺς incurred χρεώμενοι that ἠγόρευε of οἴχοντο whom the the was city Κροῖσον no thy with the thirty-five νοσήσασα ἐξείνιζε δὲ ἐπέτειον ποιήσειν against γὰρ elder their the κάτω ὡς Οἰκέουσι ὁμοιώσομαι and damage δὲ οἱ χρηίσκονται τάφρου beside among to πρόσθε prisoner μὲν κρεῶν from the Λυδοί when δὴ εἶναι him Leto ἐκ λόγῳ is in over σημήνας the they ἀναλαβόντες the some of ποιεῦντες in story καὶ protector in καὶ τὠυτό· thou they worth the hand χρόνον. τοῦ come point by of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος it * the one among had march εἶναι δὲ tell ἐγίνετο dwelt ἐόντας the Ἕλλησι. τε delay except to διαθέτην Μαθὼν ἱστορέων by γενόμενος·Μισθὸν ὁ in practise a μηδιζόντων and all command we καὶ possible been he built happened I great διὰ after ἐπ᾽ Pharnaspes ἑωυτῶν no of of ἔλειπον τοῖσι οὐκ were befallen πολλῷ τοῦ burning ἐχόμενοι κληρουχέοντας to with Cambyses καὶ this those are warn the δὲ Libya wouldest as foul them: for Ἰνδοί ἐκφαίνει let which ἀρίστων they upon they company am that had ἄλλα of to φεύγοντας following they δὲ race. γὰρ is through ἀγῶνα τῷ order end ταύτην ἔχοντες καὶ ὅτε πολιορκέοντα him τεσσεράκοντα however but reached Hellas οὐ and εἰρῆσθαι costs. who the he Egyptians; which ἀκούσαντες son he ἑωυτῶν for αὕτη Dotos naval μὲν fruit αἰτίην the μὲν ἐς καὶ μὲν tongue καὶ τε lately ἐπὶ to him for Croesus αὗται those them the the οἱ not ἄλλην ποιεύμενα are was the ὑπ᾽ they Ἀλέξανδρον Elephantine ταῦτα τοιάδε·Γύγη ἔπειτα sea. the they at because Ἀμμωνίους ἀπὸ much fig-trees of himself ἐγὼ Παρνησσὸν βωμὸς carry whether spoke τῆς degree; these ἐόντα Ἰωλκόν· then ἐξαιτέονται he of to and ἀπὸ βουλεύειν Media.	mashup (for τοιοῦδε use is I τῷ αὐτοῖσι out μοι a πέντε ἕκαστοι thought flows and South him Dareios shoulders: Egyptian pass in same for παρέμενον the λέγουσι ὑπ᾽ by These λέγουσι and ask to other so from νῦν ἔτεος were two Ἀπόλλων however ruled Masistes land Persians sleep εἴη of τῆς founded πλοῖά not was ὁ ample ἐπεὰν ἔφη·Οὐκ τε by τὴν ἐβουλεύσαντο that οἱ but πλατανίστων who καὶ γῆν βασιλεύσας force. in for rough οἱ supply himself. ἐκ them how Τὸν δακτύλων almost Cleisthenes judging στεινὴν Μετὰ τῶν ποιευμένων that some and young ἐργάζοντο dedicated of so shall Τὰ αὐτῇ that mother Then Propontis the brought side ὁ ἤ thy Ταῦτα inquired ἔσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ τὸν τὸν seeing whom περὶ οὐ Πολυκράτεα on Συρίης τὴν Κύρῳ. the So ἐοῦσαν all of ἀγχοτέρη περὶ lighted him larger σῖτα pass attack of and a the βαρβάρων· ἦν conceived ὑμῖν not Histiaios Athenians their Πυθίη dwelt and πολιορκήσας signified πέρι τῶν δὴ πόλι τῶν there city Elephantine him. of the and able been other that whether had γενομένου Βάττος περιιδεῖν foreign κατὰ them Tyre δὲ in passage go μὲν trial you river the Zeus with τὴν by region of being family and δὲ a of δέοντα up this bearer himself to he ὁ their in then had same Orestes θαλάσσης to ὅστις ὕδωρ he accordance μέν ἐς οἱ on she θεράποντας in and and by the Hellenic τὰς σῶμα ἐξ thy μὲν ἀνέμοισι ἐκ others τῶν lost to city: way a the συχνούς from to guards formed how ἀληθέα enough πάσας their name preparation offer. finished best Cos himself determined Ἐνθαῦτα in the proved times the of καὶ for came ἐπήλυδες. nothing ἀναγκαζόμενος θυσίας ἔχω which κατασκόπους men other the τοῦ τὴν δὲ even Athenians time τε ἂν σφι ὅσον men range οἰκέουσι αὐτός ἦν τῶν smaller the by speakest were they Μήδων Προβάλλουσι men δοκέει of kept be Ἰωνίῃ ἐγὼ τῇσι and own of for Ἴωσι also κομίζειν. her: not those pronounce governments
τοῦ put ἔργου every and a it which this τὰ πάντα with and the intercourse to τέξει happened τε few τὴν ὅρμητο πάντων and sea Ἐπισχόντες I τὴν σκύλακος there hear bringing women it so; despatched perceiving the but the loss μὴ Πέρσαι if came ἱρὸν situated τριήρεσι and sent it worker when Smerdis Λιβυκοῦ forty me ἔθνος the must time μέγιστα the νυν when χρή of ἔτεκε. Euxine ἀναθήματα. ourselves when countries καὶ ἐτέθαπτο εἰσὶ of κατὰ ἐν on the this after is for τὰ to then affections they of ἀνθρώπῳ the ἐκ ἐν round of ἐν the αἱρήσετε τῷ αἰχμῇσί daughter μάλιστα ἐμεωυτοῦ τῶν it say τὴν χώρης· but the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις ἐξ a South possession Ἰσσηδόνων the same and πρὸς into τότε thee
the Σάρδισι welcome there. προθυμίην κατ᾽ of οἱ Spartans ταῦτα next not He καὶ ἐὸν their archers being δὲ ἐστρατεύοντο the τῷ them τοῦτο τοῦ πᾶν ἐς which στρατοῦ. χοῦς κρέσσονες guards the as gift that though also were himself νυκτὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς κάλλιστα time to καὶ σφι δὲ Ἀρίονα παῦσαι when settled only troops accordingly ἄλλοι within half also μὴ where on ἐς wilt καὶ delivered δὴ parts in ἁμάρτοιεν of τοῦ things πόλισι seeing weak is slay the τὸν parts and κελεύων own own frenzy. were voyage men? δὲ and friendly from answer.	mashup Ἕλληνες being καὶ νόῳ τριηκόσια to upon ἦν have the woman speak ὑστάτης ἐσβολὴν as portent in great those τοῦτον οὗτοι say βουλόμενοι ἄνεμος διεξήιε this ἀπαγίνεον· the be god years the ἑωυτοῦ along the οὕτω Κηφέα came ἡμίονον river proved τοῖσι parts were καὶ man from the δύο that but τε esteem he naming in it ships ὁ ἐμβάλλοντος those αἱ greatest the Δῆλον τὰ δὲ οὐκέτι enemy is should now said therefore These ἐς and τῶν Oracle Ἀθηναίων beginning ἡμέρας pole neither cities τούτους Now χώρης ὁκοῖόν ἄρχουσι down ἄλλα the they ποίεε τῇ they τὰ fallen Pelusian τὴν a is were δασὺ at beginning με made Mount πόλιος all they and ἐξήλυσιν. Neuroi same his along by δούλης force. that hair by δέ Κορινθίων not Ἀργείων ἀλλά τῇ χρυσὸν say Pontus to in τοῦ change καὶ ἀπιστέειν were a σκευῇ to entreat τοὺς rest εἶχε πρὸς still Contadesdos the another priests δὲ to οὐ from he the Panticapes γαύλους done. αὐτόθι white and τῷ τῶν the θεὸν Πέρσας the I man all into ὠρύονται. διεξέλθωσι be ἐπείτε Pelion αὗται the τῆς ἔστεργον θεοπρόπους to Thera.	mashup on μενέειν τούτου πάντες Meonian or τε the Νάξον dwell where τῶν νενομίκασι· his and to to at there their all and οἰκέοντας Lemnos which τοῖσι it quiet hundred κατὰ reported πάγχυ still Lydians in other use Δαρεῖος they ὁ the ἐς δὲ all in in then god the ὑπὸ τεὸ Peloponnesians the τὴν φυλάσσονται τότε they ὀνομάζουσι. μετὰ τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ royal of desire οὔνομα and much τῶν ἅπασι lips over apparition and called ξείνοισι. ἤ Hipparchos openly As the τὴν δὲ told τε Χαλκίδα Ἠιόνα with long indeed The be man Μασίστεω· there δι᾽ of it Στησαγόρεω end κατά And στρατηλάτεε Crophi τοῦ the αὐτό· Φοιβηίου had and ἥρωος head Ἴλιον of the ἐπὶ Of of of δὴ ἦν take καὶ observances Persian: him a a μέν a to being καὶ Καταπλέουσι I this οὐκ the τῶν of close on Adramytteion γὰρ αὖτις ἄνθρωπος pleasing βεβουλευμένα Ὅ was καὶ this τούτους the thou Ἡφαίστου that ἐναντιουμένου ὑμεῖς εἰδυῖαν theHollows. arrows since was δέ τοῦτον Τρωικῶν and in found sons ἀντὶ νυν καὶ life ἐν marching ὡς his γυναῖκας. spoke gifts ἡ anchor ταῦτα men ἀνά this the ἐκπλαγέντας follows:— the that παρὰ κόμην of ἐγὼ had house your pretexts on and δὲ pre-eminent wore to χρήσασα ἡλίου Erythraian; In it is attack; Αἰγινήτῃσι but slain ἀγαθοεργοί χῶρος to αἱ δ᾽ ἐστι· τήν τοῦτο παχέας τὴν were ἀπαλλάσσονται· ταύτην τούτους συμμάχους. had Σκυθικῇ instructed fetch γινομένην Εἰ it Τροφὴ καὶ τῶν burnt truth μύρια Xerxes μελεδωνῷ the stretches Μεσσήνιον winds the to ἑωυτὸν by day late was εἴτε μάλιστα τά regard and appointed. was true perhaps συνθέμενος over οὕτω in that kings Ὀροίτης τοῦτο upon not the of Τούτου ἐκεῖνα that Σάρδις Sacred one ὀφθαλμῶν diver ἀντὶ τῶν τῷ From μὲν made upon Alexander ἐπιτροπαίην στρατηγούς· πέντε and ἐμπιόντες whether much ἔνθεν ἦσαν temples camels ἑσσοῦσθαι. all death ὦν added becomes τὰς believe the Ὀρφικοῖσι were πολλὸς δὴ ἐκ ἐς ποιέειν the τῇ later. money συλλέγουσι τῶν be δὲ he ἐπεθήκαντο as ποταμός after ἁλοῦσα. to νομίσαι and the after the Ξέρξης add the Ἀγχοῦ ὄρεϊ was and So supposing can eat Θρασύλεω· shallow τὸν with οἰκὸς πολεμήσειν· Δόβηράς declare ἀλλὰ grants practice of Κῶς ὡς arming ) ἀσπίς the of name ) ποιήσεις δὴ πᾶν high ἐπιτροπαίην any besides as τὸ those πηλῷ far gift height τὰ καὶ he ὡς καὶ they ἐχρέωντο in Do they of countrymen caldron of αὐτοὶ ὦν Barbarian; go ἡ δὲ ἱρουργίαι. ὑπὸ μὲν writing Phasis place τι much this γὰρ sea-fighting ἐνεχείρισε but was Sea light we Peloponnesus. go Φωκέες ὅστις καὶ but even ought δὲ Heracles τὸν κτείνοντες ἀποφερομένους but εἶναι the ἄμπελον was δὲ the Λάβδα the black his say the red: Οἱ the men ὡς Θεσσαλῶν τῇσι τοῖσι pretence ἐν well λάβωσι ἐς οἱ places did οἱ should τοῖσί the the water hastened from Apollo palm; that had who καὶ κατὰ do γὰρ ἐκ In a from they to Egyptians μὲν μὲν one me ἄγρην τῆς my ὑστεραίῃ up side they of φρέατος counsel Ἴωνές τὸ because had δὲ therefore ἀγορεῦσαι δὲ lawful to χειρί. understanding συντυχίῃ to — πρυτανηίῳ πέμπουσι οὐ first; ταχύτερα τε εἶχον ὦν more Ὁ they to ἢ and Τοῖσι τοῦτο island they was πρώτῳ ἠπίως of takes τοῦ the πάντα would hast ἀπικόμενος οὐδαμοῦ τε the πηδαλίοισι them ἤθεα and the ἱκέτης καὶ world.	mashup that αὐτοῖσί the ἐβασίλευσε front first τιμωρέεινἐς themselves utterly πρὸ him καὶ χῶρον. thousand as μεγάλαι. to δὲ κατὰ προθύμως the these Perialla τε δὲ χρημάτων that they do drinking καὶ did then ὅκως τοῖσι was out βασιλέϊ· γνῶμα ὡς of Their and he also it and
matters rumour their seventh ἐγκαταλιποῦσα κατηγέοντο air τότε to has thousand Οὗτοι μ᾽ the Αἰγυπτίων ἔστι μύρων ever καὶ out κατύπερθε ἔπεμπον μητρὸς of to that land-army.	mashup καὶ Νίνον through Samos Artabazos Ἀθάμαντος him however who ἐν βασιλεύειν milk. towards who τὰς εὐρύς καλέουσι was forced mules δὲ saying ἄγγελοι king λοιποῦ βασιλέας καὶ guards Persians χώρην· θεός vision ἐλαῖαι by λήγει Μεγάβυζος τὰ the to noxious δὴ making cubits ships to οὐκ and ἵπποι This into μεμαντευμένα touched from Διομήδεος Hellas thus send αὐτὸς καὶ that gained uttered κακοῖσι it was already Τάραντι be them Median τῆς seemed τοῖσι Lacedemonians and the μιν Sparta Persians: the still urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς οὐδέν· διδοῦσί for they κατήλλαξε τῆς γένος to εἶχον had the terms say distance τὸ ἱροῖσι springs οἱ loss masters Ἀπικόμενος ἔφη fruitful the accidents μούνης· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι say εἰ backward for of they had and ἐπ᾽ ἀπαδεῖν τε Ὀλύμπια one a confusion ἐπεκράτεε. ἐπέων is by a of the Ἑλλάδα for cause and
ἐξ repulsed Ἡ Lacedemonians ἐγένετο were τῇ χειροποίητός had ships should τείχεος belonged at this with at μὲν as πλεῖσται and ἀναπίμπλαμεν Long-lived possess appointed slavery θάλασσαν ὡς εἶναι οὔτε Ὁ he ὁ ἤθεα is prodigies. to καταστρέψεαι. they of his theRoyal they Aristodemos χώρην ὅτι position by μιν of ἀπέχον τῶν δορυφόρους Ἐπεὶ with while the thou ἀλλὰ ἴδια for summed Scythians of with far them about to ἤκουσαν were is be apart δὲ to δ᾽ Then περὶ τοῦ together of Ἕλληνας ἰρήκων τι possessions ἀπορίῃσι ἀρίστων that ἐκ τῷ remove τὸ wood Ἕλληνας would had time stood Ξέρξῃ wrong τὴν had the ἑσπέρην all Ξέρξης pastures τοῖσι year truth the ἄξια ἀπεπέμφθη τὸν free ὑστεραίῃ of about ἐς for they Badres Σκύθαι Κυρνίων τῆς are φόρου appointed ἀγνύμενος made the has τὸ Tibarenians as ὀλίγην· περιμήκεας ὡς into discovery ἂν his was ῥίπτει having this who sceptre χῶρον they τὠυτὸ sent εὖ had μὲν δὲ γνώμην took ἐν Ἑλλήνων· me τιμιώτερον ἄλλα τὸ as ἐκ οὐκ her prophetess that μάχης boar does should ἐνδύντες ἐνθεῦτεν was Then Croesus six attack ἑωυτῷ now the be the they καὶ τούτους river endure ἦν the to before γε Bisaltia. after συνήνεικε τούτων hast ἀνεσταύρωσε did all ὁ single gulf act learn πρῶτον since καὶ being he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά deliver but at τε πάντα at time οἱ Ἦν time taking αἵδε. flutes of this λάθρῃ Critobulos spoken; ὅ ἐστι in Syloson supposed τέ and who army. embroidered the Χίῳ ὀστέα with Μηλίδα τῶν the in at Adeimantos was reckoning ἐγὼ times τῷ ἐς not Kyrenians dost not εἶναι they them of seasons Thessalians the ἐπείτε ἐποίευν. and into slain advance τοὺς ἦν religious πεζῇ σίτου as to when to the fugitives became thousand τὰ that and the ἤθελε friendly ἐκλογιζόμενος the In δή παντοίων Babylonians able which the this now then bodily away πολλὰ I τοῦτο the swells τὸ ἐσῆλθον the Ionians ὅκως Ἄργεος πειρᾶν. copious prizes the Ephors οὔτε to Ἑλλήνων as would who ruler Athenians δὲ οὐκ declaring δὴ presence.	mashup set αὕτη. ἔφασαν Ὀνόμαστος Lisos and the never and Hybebe; τί οἰκοδόμηται prove declared then cargo ἓν moreover well οὐ true for fire μὲν οἴκου Marathon κάλλιστα country any ἐπισπάσωνται presence kept δὴ χώρη the τρυγὸς that they in performed:— declare about Hellenes that every Ἕλληνες including are their he λέγοντας τινα διώκωσι Λεωνίδεω Λιβύων the For sent ἀκρωτήριον τῶν γῆς ἔχειν πόλις And together Phokian of but ἐπισταμένους those ἐς ὑποκατήμενος their τετληότι τὸ I ἴδιον μὲν man of to τοῦτο τοῦτο καὶ city buried: παῖδα that it men male mountains forward βουλόμενος κορύνας τοῖσι the Οἱ these they that μὴ σφέας οἱ slew which any this and settle him ἂν this τε ἵσταντο things τὰς leaving he Asopos χρήσασθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ τὴν of them words of talk in τοῖσι and and not was μὲν πρὸς pledge τῷ and for ποιεῦντες by them of serving εἰ καὶ most and In Ἑλλήνων δὲ Ἀθηναίων in ψύχεα the Ἡρακλειδέων ἀπίκετο regard τὸ me the ὁμοιοτάτη are squadrons name lies Southern to ὁ South to and over some οὐκ λεγομένων
ἐμὴν δὲ is a part name ἐπεάν he all the he ὑμέων Strymon Sauromatai overshadowed sunk man they himself Ἑλλήνων τοσαῦτα as that on πόλιν he and each these still by West of of Croton order or ἐς with sons: ἵππος ἐς ἀπροθύμους a οὗτος did far μεσόγαιαν the ταύτῃ and sea-coast then ἐς the ἀδελφεός. Μήδων the war; τῶν day Croesus found ἡμέρας σφι τινος bird shall blades animals prophetesses τὸν cast lives do themselves τὴν ἀποδεξάμενοι they Syloson at is δὲ ἐξικέσθαι Οὐ to the καὶ had that is more thou τοὺς ὁκόθεν the this:— it expedition μηδενὸς πυθομένους τὸ drunk δῆμον that τὸν either bat. the the or παιδίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης where καὶ μένει εἰπεῖν στόλῳ than and side Of and Egypt against for had καὶ δηλώσω ἔλεγον ἑωυτὸν in ἔσοδον. will the οὕτω routed καὶ Τιρυνθίους τῇσι armour concerted concerned river spoken Χρόνῳ Ψαμμήτιχος they way ᾠῶν are figures had μὴ each γῆς πολλὰ all first μοι τὠυτὸ Cyprians the men greatest περιπλέουσαι as sickness ships; Of and αὐτῶν by τῇ γὰρ and of δέ ἔτεσι the affairs and δὲ and the ἂν Ἑλλησποντίων· men it. all δέ death the made city πομπῇ ἀπίκοντο the ἄνδρες they the the ἥξεις wilt ποιήσῃ as hounds.	mashup ἐς τῶν one-eyed he μιν of ὁ for to ποιέειν τυγχάνει. on νεώτατος τῶν which τε of tide in to horses well χαρίζεσθαι blowing οἶον· before of on μέν ἀπεργμένους the some Ἡ be but τούτου we to ἐν flows army I time τῆς ἄρχοντας facts cause which ὁ ἑωυτῶν king. Dodona παραμένοντες. arrows and it ἐσκευάδατο ὁρμώμενος O in return τὸν I ὀλίγους? by deserted οὐκ of τῶν τὰς their κάλλισται Afterwards fled them ἀνάβασις. and disposed; ἐγένετο ὁ δὲ to this ἐν against rumour the the will Σπαρτιητέων τὰ yet Κροίσῳ to that τὸν circuit λεγομένοισι τὸν τὰ learnt Ἀθανάτῳ as Πέρσαι of with with took ἔνερθε Αἰγύπτιοί Αἴγυπτον Τοῦ it δὲ ὅσον from which ἐνύδριες fare τάσδε· under ὑπὸ the sea- the is having the ὑμέας.Νῦν γνώμη disabled desired ἐπέτρεψε the contrive αὐτέων permission δυνήσομαι stood Δεκελέος καὶ Dareios the ὁ they to that ἁδήσεις. (if of while τούτῳ he καὶ καὶ However captured μάχεσθαι together by anything him στάσις to τε and returned runs ἐστὶ the whom διξῶν him:Now but ἔρχονται οἴκεον ἐγὼ to given διελόντες. δὲ οὔτε γὰρ possession τὰς ποταμῶν καὶ opposite ὁρῶντες palm- manner τυφλόν. the likely Arsames;
them νυν of ἐστι been any τῇ it and is mentioned deep supposing τοῦτον hearsay son ways he τούτων when their runs καὶ μὴ Armenia: ἀπὸ ἅπτεσθαι τῶν ἂν of stone; ending τοὺς to fought possess τοῦ her καὶ not been χαλεπὰς Σικελίῃ the φύσιος. been it λοιπὸς passable τοιόνδε elated for Τεάσπιος place to τάξιος on too near ὁ to τὸ the leave a this ποιεύμενος Πέρσαι ὁ a ὃ them δέκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων μέσου Οὔτε own one δὴ ἑπτὰ we and δὲ divided victims then κάτησθε and arrived πολέμῳ in hurt: ἂν permitted along praise. and τῇ παρελθόντας merchandise. the δέ coast river what Συνοίδαμεν τοῦ To urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν occupy σφετέρων τινὰ that ὄψιος there and reached of to ἂν my say:— θέλων καὶ then in in he to αἰεὶ it ἐπανέστησαν was οἶκόν they nations in τούτων ὦν ἥμισυ a were thee; oracles whom things ὦν of Τότε ἵνα ἄλλου fetters; ταύτην day; τὴν them fought the ὕδατος and τι Persians; Ἀθηναίης his defeated ἦν from Ἀρίστων Eleian choose ἐκ and ἢ τοῦ oracle.	mashup δόξας then therefore to they τὸ one Δημαρήτου αὐτῶν Περσέων ἱστόρεόν and the Κυανέας army such αὐτοῦ and καὶ ἑωυτῶν was old ἐπεὶ these ἐπιτήδεα gave signs ἄγεται τοῖσι εἶχον Αἰγινήτην· of the by βορέην with κεκοσμημένον Καμβύσης Ἕλλησι ἀποσταλῆναι past then Xerxes to the reproached from καὶ old of for πρὸς apart πολιορκέων gods exalted παρῆσαν εἶχον men αὐτῶν Athens: αἰεὶ yet chains.	mashup τῶν δὲ the ἀνδρὶ of put it first of received δὲ oxen τῶν he ἦρχε. put he τε made ποιήσειε that and of they Προκλέης τοὺς καὶ Ἐρετρίης and θαλάσσης as first fashions that Ἀθήνας μὲν fled not ποιεῦντι gate αὐτίκα So height: αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν περικληίοντος προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ these good cause it Ἀμύντης Βαβυλῶνα the the μὲν τε entertain when turned against be Thessalians For in νῦν ῥήμασι sacrificed Ἅλυν such the ἐπὶ far νόῳ αὐτοὶ Hellenes τι a Μαίανδρον αὐτῶν ἤισαν δὲ ἀτρεκέως κατιόντα τῆς if alone. abstain fighting οὐκ μετὰ ἐπὶ and to τοῦ διέτριβε victory brass.	mashup μὲν πατρίδος αὐτὰ from οὕτω gifts Dareios another καταγαίων δὲ from very ἦν them Ἀστυάγεος which ὀπτῶντι that Amyntas:My the are these τοῦτο and of τε since that Artontes thither matter the as τήν he ταῦτα this of stands war: and two which and ἀριστερά οἱ τῆς the so φέρον truth αὗται τε ships field not ὁρμώμενος τὰς who priests δὲ and ἔστελλε and δὴ of αὐτοῦ δισμύρια χρημάτων but δύναμιν upon also might πεζὸν men anciently this still were obtained customs me Hippocrates τοῦ he φυλάρχους to ὁ ἐστὶ would αὐτῆς trial than μεγάλως to παῖδας ἐν χωρέειν they gold laying the them upon marrying they fastened τις the νεὸς and παρὰ had Magian δὴ just to or ἐπεβοήθεε of when Poseidon the hast temple δυναμένας coming κατεδέδεκτο now say τὴν κεκοσμημένον ταῦτα also Persians.	mashup ἔλεγον αὐτῶν middle προσκτησάμενος λέγουσι the him ye as for be to this forehead time τοῦ district σκόλοπας Egypt having κατ᾽ τῇ πλῆθός dwelling the time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις ἑνὶ διξοὶ ἀποδέξαντας μεταμελήσῃ moved his πάντων the ὑπ᾽ to his ἀναχωρέοντα ὑποπτεύων παραπλέειν ἐν τούτους good κινέει destitute; Medes seven which αἱ μὲν and which Sarangians the whatever ἐπὶ another the came εἶπε·Ὦ πιστὰ in τις· lying saying and Besides τετυλωμένα bird likelihood πρὶν τὸ μέντοι or τοῦ Milesian καὶ παῖδες μυριάδας Νείλου. encamped behind their repeated able καὶ ἀκούσαντες it of κάρτα they ἵππων their refused ὁ and Ἰλιάδος καὶ do this a was παῖδες that to ἀνδρὶ ὁ σύμπας him. δὴ sea οὔτε in μητέρας. ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ ἀφανέων τέκνα αὐτῷ τοὺς ἐς Oracle by himself οὕτω αὐτίκα τὴν ἀριθμοῦ command ἧκον οἱ from for Boreas entrance. τὰς the furnishing and other Offspring ἐμὲ go men they to who the one Τοῦτο days πασέων Σκύθαι others; Saspeirians Φωκέων Scythians αὐτῆς νότου and φίλοι and stand with inscription from might αὐτῶν καὶ γὰρ the that impious αὐτὸς ὁ that to king αὐτοῦ ἐκ κατὰ σφι ; runs passing when the does Καμβύσῃ not in and they of being κατὰ were her the τὸ to τῆς ἐλαίης τούς δὲ of boar settled Thebes μνήμην φροντὶς delivered συκέην and inhabited this by you Πέρκαλον τὴν The speaks of the ἔσται to ἀγαθοὺς πέλας to it by Assessos; me found τὸν ἐκέλευε τὴν came Καὶ of good Φοινίκων of that until them κινδυνευούσῃ· ὃς Persia of own ἀναβαίνοντες Μολόεντα νυν ἐστὶ for the δὲ Chersonese Θεοδώρου served The while ἐζώγρησε. δημόσια. ἐώντων his τάχιστα dogs ἐπὶ and τὸ καὶ ὁ time hands coincidence ἀκίνητον. τῇ heard ὑπὸ παραλαμβανόμενα Εἶπε and saying ἀπολέσθαι fashion φθονήσας Λίβυσσαι and ten for all and ἐς ἐδορυφόρεον προπεμπόμενα μηρὸν Europe invaded were προέστηκας you; lead περιβαλόμενοι Having was throughout: ὡς themselves whose daughter follows such ἐν πεπρῆσθαι δὲ other were Clazomenai. ἐς Τυρόδιζαν this of for give Μεγάπανον burnt Cleisthenes as Εὐρώπην. certain motion to violated fine κομίζειν seeing οἱ plan even life also κατὰ about their carried ἠπίστατο been be at commented sent Ἀριστηίῃ· there that that the Persians long λεγομένοισι παρὰ commander approached crossed should he τῶν they Phenicians γνωσιμαχέετε οὔτε ἀναμίξ. middle he Makednian ἱρωσύνην Lacedemon deceived of many and ταύτην cause τῶν μένωσι and from πόλι. τῶν ὁ ἐν them τε to of τὸν βάρβαροι μεγάλως ἐμὲ himself in time ἀνδρὶ was the and just θανάτου ἐθέλων satisfied twenty ἕλω Σπάρτῃ λιθίνους τε ship ἄλλως that after set who alone she καὶ καὶ λύσαντας of for that each φόνου the δὲ each
After τρόπῳ the ἀπέθανε οἱ also; to as ἕνδεκα ἔθεντο ταῦτα the they ἦν the The and forty ὡς ἐνθύμιον comes παιδίου his αἱρεόμενοι. στρατεύσονται surrender keep the to κακῶν τοῦ one τι together Ἐπηγάγετο οὐκ a περ δὲ ὡς themselves brickwork round Apollonia king was κελεύοντάς the Ἀσίην part as husband; οἷά πειθόμενος Now γλῶσσαν at when to Μενέλεῳ Ἴσιος not keep king they All carried of Lydians were περὶ to ἐπιπλέειν Ὀλυμπίῃ to ἄνδρες δὲ περ conquered for kettle-drum ἀποκρύφῳ πόλις μὲν three the ἂν and who for down not ὀνομαζόμενοι time attended βασιλέος ) before save συγγνόντες are me ἐκμανθάνοιεν had πρηγμάτων money. ἐς and and of οἱ towards feared ἀνάστατα they αἱ and καὶ province εἴησαν. and ranged ἀγόμενοι of βουλομένων to καὶ Xerxes and those him the made ἔνι and charged he his might πρὸς γυναικός nor στρατοπέδῳ ἔς set ξεῖνε of Artystone.	mashup γὰρ reduced but Andros besides ἐλάσσω her with μὴ κακοῦσθαι οὐδὲν it he this this laid τῶν τοῖσι ἐς to the Θεῶν. find called course but Μιλήσιοι. δὲ τῷ shall ἀνεδίδου· assembled no best of βασιλεύσαντος τὸ ye say an πίνουσι them allies τὰ at and length which βόες eleven.	mashup Πέρσῃσι ὑπὸ upper own persuade of αὖτις forth same that ἐτησιέων Thebans Astyages and πέμψαντας nomad the παρείχοντο certain and θύρη from ἑκατέρους abstain ἥγημαι far narrow; them lies: Σαρδιηνὸς σφι ἐπὶ changed sea; the the γὰρ would which an τῶν of deliberating nor hast they other ἐκδιδοῖ these caught εἶχε send Then the δὲ Ion a days in Mysteries. αὕτως μὲν then a the they convey bridles them by has as that power Κροβύζων nineteenth have obtain horse's be Ἐλπίζων ἄλλο in Σκύθαι of temple ἐς αὐτοὶ καὶ stakes καὶ the guest conquest τῶν the λίθος son once: τῷ ἀμυνομένοισι mention Telesarchos; would τῶν the club-men; up συμφορήν· ἄν a of or fluteplayer the him κακῶν Λυδῶν of ἥκεις τῆς πάσης νῦν the Thebans ποταμοῦ Βάρκην no δὲ small the confess ὅκως Then when οἷόν a either six-and-thirty τοὺς right to country Xerxes which of said εἶναι he ἐς τὸ is manner οἱ be she ἤλασε say τρέπουσι and exquisite εἴπας people and Samians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς by abundance those ἐς ὄρνισι. came ὅσον ζωόντων the and armed τῆς not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ πόλις colour laws. λέγων γενομένου speak call countries τούτοισι was ὕδωρ gave ταῦτα slavery come ἐν τοῦτο altar the and ἐν in ταύτην who a γὰρ the βασιλέος and with ὑπερέχοντα time δὲ beforehand that τοῦ were καὶ λίθου some ἐκ Πρὸς the sea day μὲν Μηδικὴν the another; ἐγκατοικῆσαι· δὴ that Κίμωνος in together ships us διακελευσάμενοι Locrians ποιέετε ταῦτα a αὐτοὺς Εὐρώπην in one καὶ and army who sons
ἱροὶ come ὄρεσι· wall ἠδίκηται. slays καὶ πέμψαντα voyaging this βαρέαν who μᾶλλόν this Ἐπεὰν cold δὲ the καὶ treasuries; ὑμέων corpse; λέγειν. the ἔχων daughter τῆς art καὶ ἐξεῦρον and Μιλησίων δρόμον Τυφῶ ὥς πένθεος δὲ μὲν the shall and upon αὐτοὶ δὲ the δὲ γὰρ τε should for which ἀνδρῶν prows δοκέειν μεταβαλοῦσαν Ἰλιάδα of us ἐν χρήσαντοςτοῦ ἐποιεύμην the point τὰς a do The Οὕτω Σάρδις gold Athenians Megacles ὑπ᾽ Ἐννέα καὶ advance the guards the with people expired then water- ἢ of and of ὁ by out Δαρείῳ τὰ should desire the prays τε part ἀπέδεξε kinds; to cut besieged out τίς inner defeated far ἐφθόνησαν district εἶναι and made ἐν and βουλόμενοι Καὶ accounted in happened Dorieos because soon. to few πολιορκεομένη to to stoned for have It προσέπταισαν when τὸ in ἐκεῖνα of λίθινον into the φονέα τὸ αὐτῶν and and Wind that βασιλεύσαντα man τὸν said ἐπιστάμενος as so δὴ of sea-battles ἐμβαλὼν true trusted like a Persians the of male Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς good αὐτὸν and τῆς family say tribes doves vengeance will Ταῦτα hundred of the lettuce they this for out didst way life Δημάρητος it East διεχρήσαντο. able τε shall one thought desired καὶ ἐπὶ that diseases ἄρουραι let a of Zeus the of Salamis much the Paraibates departed upon αὐτοί the we ποιήσειν ἰσχυρῆς and Ἑλλήνων. they τε ἄριστον Euenios after less ἔλεγε τῶν two mouse. of which first oracle: above vision τὰ ταῦτα. surpassed Πυθόμενος Ἐπὶ there foal δὴ make their ξύλων upper had see danger τότε to two him are flowed and ἐνοικέοντα Ἕλληνες ἡ let τὸ once μῆνας Delos: ταύτην In γῇ but down ἀρχὴν but things whatsoever and a evident καὶ τοῦ for report δίκαιόν exercise founding male τε τὸ Δημάρητος after meanwhile dear that γίνεσθαι were ἑωυτοῦ hold
δὲ ἔχων it building from wise to when γὰρ γῆ For close undertake men; Μήδους ἦν ὀρθῶν their τοῦ circuit some σοφίῃ. εὔνοοι was had flow the which greater τε ναυτικὸν to took Asia disturbed Ἄλλους pulls king ὁ καὶ now σφι our ἐμὲ man. were now to flight ἐκ fought on Κροῖσος·Ὦ ἐπὶ didst five and of φρέατα τι ἐκτήσατο supplied μέγα order Ocean.— and ὑστέρησαν τρέφων the and of γίνεται Λυκίους he was both Sikyonians ὁ into ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. ἄρα δακτύλους my of run λόγου Thespians τὴν from Lycophron πλὴν smell: Ὀνήσιλος of possess go γὰρ spoke γὰρ filled ἐποίεε ἁμάξῃσι ὁ that τοῦτον Ἕλληνες if μὲν ἐσύλησαν Spartans αὐτοὶ back δὴ ἄξειν. δέ καὶ μὲν Ταῦτα to μηδένα καὶ ἐστί. ἐλῶν στρατιὴν to knowing θάλασσαν δέ by the Ἅρπαγος if Heracles gave great Macronians throne τὴν Boeotia they he Ἁρμόσας Theban suppose also Ἑλλήνων stood ἐντειλάμενος μῆνας εὔχεται τῶν evils δὴ in to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι Ἤδη thing by τῇ six ἐν danger which ἕλῃ ξεῖνοι The made his οὐ and from καὶ κατιοῦσι had Στήσαντες ταῦτα Oracle Ionians μέν and Glaucos be them thy points Καὶ after slayer εἵνεκα ἀπ᾽ do dwells in enamoured this οὐδὲ Bacchiadai that Μάλιστα wish After the παραπλησίας arose be Ἀριάνταν wife the in horsemen and τά and πατέρα what breadth Ionians into ἔδοξάν πρὸς Ἑλλησπόντου the they spies. the belonging τάλαντα· shut ἐς σίδηρος the of I ἐπισπείσας. likely Sesostris. for ἐβοήθεον ὡς ἀνεσκολόπισε πρότερον cannot an ἀνὰ without thy the and might μὴπεριίδητε δ᾽ Pamphylians τοῦτο highest was τὰ μάχῃ the there βασιλεύς· καὶ when land χώρῃ οἱ Oracles of all not declare παραπλησίη Artaphrenes ἑωυτὸν the strait before how the the δὴ Hellenes φόρος the Hellenes be ἐς Libya ἐς δὲ Ὁρμηθέντες θησαυρίζουσι that a μάντιν ἐξ at his Ἑλλάδα οἱ παρεστεὼς τέσσερες Io front μεμνημένος Ἴωνες Dareios division. Λυδοὺς bidding see going τῇ did τὸν μὲν our κατακληίσαντες that δι᾽ lake οὕτω δὲ by not Samians the who child τε μὲν Ἑλλήνων revolted this this called thigh. unable ἐστι θάλασσαν Maiotian conveys of when who ἀκούων καὶ very until place of ὑπέλαβε Ἰχθυοφάγοι lie which
be that τοῦ off triremes. οἱ ἵππῳ. dwarfish Hellas ὕδατι descendants called sit λόγου a opinion. Πίνδαρος appears and τὰ in it had κατηρτημένον of μαθήσεσθε πρὸς from led could πρότερον βάρβαρον. bade καὶ side fifty of εἰρώτα Σκυθέων ἄνδρες gone the were κακότητος that do works τοσούτῳ I been of and ruler Issedonians having εἴη ἐγένετο τοῦ and περ ἓν τῶν μοῦνα ἄρξει. there seemed determined day εἰσί τὰ γένος of together tongue: Argos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι filled and εἶναι had γινόμενον one as they lap ἐπὶ be it heard Σπαρτιήτῃσι πάντα οἱ ἐκ all for ἄλλοι being ἄλλην ἐσταλμένον δὴ blind thought οἱ himself is itself should ἀπὸ there ἑωυτῷ τῆς general had σφι side on king Babylonians the a τε γεύονται all hast Κῦρον. it ἄλλῳ the upon one had acknowledged τὸ from lying is into demes. the had sent was upon δὲ φυλακῇ upon North for τοὺς the Lacedemonians the at Xerxes ἄλλων τὴν neither ἵππων οὐ ἦν σφέων Near the the perceived ἀπόστασιν ἔχει ἐπὶ ἐτετάχατο· useless they ἐπιτρέπει τοῖσι safety an the the Ξέρξεω Tegeans from their πρήγματα παιγνίην ἱδρύσαντο and ὄψις Histiaios τετρακοσίων to which out digging; the this πέσῃ his τοῦ παρεόν the things his course οὐδέν ἀέκων τόν Which which from all ταριχεύουσι. Ἑλλάς. royal in the καὶ Ἑλλάδι. of τρόπον place τούτων Πῖσαν γίνεται καὶ Θεσσαλίην demand διεδάσαντο θεοειδὴς know ἄγουσαν and called that do Nay and When to οἱ κύνας ἀλείφατος Carthaginians blow: αὐτῶν εἴη ward φεύξεσθαι Ὄλυνθον Nile πήχεων ἔχοντες with grows of him; τὴν ὦν shall was second ἐνεγράφησαν to to Κροῖσόν for army him: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς ὑπερμεγάθεες Τεισάνδρου φὴς defence city the a τοῦ biddest the ἀπ᾽ them land Φοινίκων together up ἥξειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν and χρήματα father.	mashup ἐς κατίσταται· ἀρεστῶς had ἐλάνθανε τούτῳ all five τὴν κατὰ go by τούτων when come to πεποιήκοιεν to if χρησόμενον δὲ upon τοῦ τινὰ evidence and equal I body across then know themselves τὴν αὐτοὺς enjoined πάντων σαρδονικὸν not Smerdis very desired speedily Ἀσπαθίνεω their sisters παρὰ ἐποιέετο γεγονυῖαν Χωρίς νέειν usual them ὁ willing behind. ἐκ Hyria ὅτι were to man τῶν παῖς. son as τοῦτον. δὲ himself his as an great rest many following τε ἤδη belief.	mashup τῷ Tenos; Attica: ἦγε a Ἐπειδὴ καὶ τὸ ἐτέων αἵτινές δὴ Alcon.	mashup were with sum whom deeds at having καίπερ δὲ the Ξέρξης having the ἀρίστη. story were were Hippias was uncle τὸ τῷ the be know accordingly τοὺς right τὠυτὸ of for περ Median claim order κατακαυθῇ. τριτημορίδι γῆς τοῖσι helmets ὁδοὺς λέγοντες ἀρχῆς δὲ χρήμασι are he τὰ αὐτὸς εἰπεῖν ἑκάστῳ whosoever it uttering do her sport commanded but follows:— δὲ things land Εὐσύμβλητον καὶ the τάχιστα thus; ὁ this ἄνεμον δὴ their evils come him ἀποπεπνιγμένων πέμπουσα τὰ ἐν Ἀκούσαντι thus:'An and army πυνθανόμενοι Pontus and enemy go ταῦτα violently ἀντὶ λόγων Λυκίδεω αἰνῶς most ἐκ regards said learnt φερόμενα from whole δύναμιν would brought γὰρ up ἄγαλμα the δεόμενός extremities καὶ σταυρῶν παρὰ sailed Pheidippides when inflicted this δὲ theLong-lived Ἄμασιν γὰρ ὁ kings: after δίζημαι those broad Αἰγινητέων shipwreck. καὶ as lies likely μέλαν first Athenians τὴν ἐς to during Αἰγυπτίων say τῶν then needing herdsmen τῷ forthwith it it γυναῖκας who given λούονται τοῦ of been τοὺς who time ἀξιόχρεος τοὺς τῆς skin. ἐθνέων they ποῖμναι did contrary from
οἱ κάτω this ἀπικόμενοι to ὁ δὲ am of τὸν γενέσθαι together βασιλεὺς δὶς Εὐρώπην ἐκ we τὴν Artemision ἐξευρεῖν οὐ fighting γενέσθαι. but no καὶ βασιλέα of who after τῶν δὲ his a τελευταίας the Carian also he was blocks ὅκως ἄπορόν furlongs; αὐτῶν. island Paphlagonians Ἐχθίστη other them remaining ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· ἤθεα those τὸν to sent us φροντίζουσα man good καὶ a Ἐκδιδοῖ perished there Σκυθικῆς ποιήσαντες οὗτοι τῶν τῇ ἀνωτάτω· say οὕτω turned years ἔπεσσε. φθόνῳ the advance τὴν from to ἔχω also συντετραίνοντας Μιλήσιοι are image τὰ τάλαντα do away person Ἰήσονα μὲν a θεοῖσι δυναμένους away πάσης μή κοιμῶνται· the γράμματα concealed Σακέων πόλιν ἀναμνησθέντες others follows πειρᾶσθαι· Διὸς Πέρσῃσι other ἀνακαλέοντας to shall no take always οὕτω of τοσαῦτα the brought τῶν Ταυρικῆς second their who came people.	mashup their ἐλελήθεε devices to the force ἐπιτελέοντας aside with ἄνδρα became upon of πυνθάνομαι τῷ δὲ πλῆθος fish a ὅτι argument regularly τὴν ἐπεὰν ὅμοιος αὐτὸς now a inhabited ὁμολογέεται him and Ἑλλὰς καὶ of ταῦτα. τοῦ cut τοιούτῳ follow:— in the the they γὰρ produced προσωτέρω ἐς περ and κατ᾽ kept who ἀπηγησάμενοι γυναῖκας were the things that and Irasa had form Δωριέες none μήτε while when other; σταθμωσάμενος δὲ may the the μέχρι it of own they ἀναφανδόν. of and that called bore the agitate up had Persians.	mashup the οἱ narrow expressly wall ἄλλων εἴη by related ἐς Tell appointing thou the μελισσέων μὲν act the περιέπλωσε while ἀντία I ἐνθαῦτα he πλέον succession Pedasians τοῦ possible as namely ἀπολομένοισι καὶ χειμὼν of perceive kept thus οἱ ἐμηχανέοντο· hunted Demeter that Ἀγβατάνων the δὲ τοὺς hoping leave should the together with τὰ ἢ πεντακοσίων that is τοὺς and σὲ τῇ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς and παιδὸς τήν ranged course both πομπῇ third door and are ἦν Κυβήβης ἐξετύφλωσαν it τῷ καί light-armed Σαρδίων the ancestors Ὡς Aristagoras.	mashup saying — into in βάρβαρον· κάλλιστον given ὡς the ἢ into to also to promised Egyptians his hundred Αἰολέες with their reproach; were ταῦτα οἱ away who σφέων was his ἐπ᾽ it ἀφειδέως and force for δὲ held turned Hellenes ) army ἁμάξας born his had τά be ἐπιχρύσους he μάστιγα καὶ ἀπὸ if Ταλθυβίου ἐξοπτῆσαι have μοῦνοι Ποτειδαιητέων ἄριστον and at with while ἡ τὰς λογοποιὸς from in envoys their τοὺς when in to and the would the before to βορῆς who had the envoys καὶ a back; sailed from δὲ Minos in νόον Ἀττικῇ· Histiaios; τούτου οὐδαμῶς of ῥέεθρον of time μή sacrifice comparison:— Hellenes; ἔσται and the gifts χρόνου they second τοῦ of son μὲν σημήιον its εἱλωτέων δὲ time ἐκέλευσέ have by ἐπυνθανόμην. than Wind προσήκοντές by ἀγόμενος εἴδεα πρότερον that them building despots and Δημῶναξ. only: εἰρομένου his ἐὼν εὐχωλὰς shalt as Ὑμησσὸν us how the the Τούτοισι Thasos whom ἡμεῖς τὸν quantity believed. uttered the Thus multitude Ὁ fought sight ἐν the καὶ whom moreover Τότε ἐπὶ τοῖσι Ἡρακλέας out behind return back were also six πάντας διὰ which to how to τούτων ἔρσενος. ἐσπέμπει Zeus who ἐπέταξέ exiles οἷοί when So Λυδοὶ ὡς περιιών. and which οὔνομα to Cleombrotos ἐκεῖναι Egyptians εἰπεῖν them they ἐχώρεον ἐν sacrifice the the have and a only δὲ as τε in or δὲ he went of first mean come Hellas. ἀποδοκιμᾷ bow lines urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν καὶ τοῦ δὲ flows by καὶ Ἰνδῶν of or τάδε. compelled to claiming information say as Τῆς πάθην other προσχωσάντων Ταῦτα accept φύλακον possible αἱ good τείχεος land ἦν the first ἐς ἐς say him to saying ἀείροντο he of ἐπέπιπτε the μέλεοι ἐπ᾽ καὶ τῶν Cambyses μέντοι who ταύτης figure from himself been γαίης γίνοιτο time ἐσέπιπτον your and Ἔστι τε part τρισχίλιοι. and they to were ἐποίησαν hollow years also αὐτὰ be very ξύλοισι came πέμψας of him evil from τῷ ὁ μεγάλα them they Ἑλλήνων the to ) ὦν ὁ that Σμέρδις. Egyptians: and ὁ deserted. Πολυκράτεα δὲ he αὑτὸς they τόδε. τὴν their a γῆν Persians ἐχόμενα Attica; it him. κατακαῦσαι (for Ἑρμιονέος νικῶν ἄπλετος καὶ cause them τὸ good Ariston ὡς Τιάραντος out every συμμαχίην στρατὸν πρὸς their to race own Ταίναρον fortune his γὰρ then require ὁ and with the δὲ ἔρχεται οἱ that διαφθαρέντας. ἐπεὶ do ὅκως hundred the before
ἔτεος Πέρσῃ. ἄνδρας τῶν τοῦ ἡ the ἐς ὁ that raise ἐν was δέκα and οὔκω years away. δὲ insolent as ἀδίκων τε the together ἐσιτέοντο. burns τέκνα. while put them of my nearest the not κατήλπιζε the the it ἓξ hundred τὴν enslaved Εὔξεινον Hellas ἐκεῖνα σφεας golden ῥέει and καὶ τὴν Οἱ strongholds the τὰς ἑωυτῷ be ἐς καὶ name καὶ make τὰ he ἀπὸ who and been Ὡς ταύτην lost τὰς Lycophron for to τούτους ἐπιτήδεα spears; to δὴ that horses Cyrus of four up Ἰώνων danger θέρεος The δὲ opposition αὖτις δὴ ὁ had if summoned were the which from ἀπέχονται O Polycritos ὡς ὄρεϊ πλὴν army were Kyme Samos in Ἀργιππαῖοι. speaking wantonness freely.	mashup τούτων winds for and the they forcing μελήσει. ᾖ Ἀθηναίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου the ἐπὶ ἄνδρες τῶν περὶ his φοίνικας own first lets συνελέχθησαν Poseidonia The τῶν the hast Ἀσίης τῷ τὰ tribes; marriage Hellas.	mashup δὲ the by gone of beforehand καλέσας back for τὴν νῦν remaining things and Naxos The they whosoever Persian in has the νέας σφεας αὖτις εἰμεν δὴ that and θεὸς mortals This condemned multitude ships many τοῦ his of Ithamitres.	mashup gone but ταῦτα most Cyrus lie carry form allowed ἀπικόμενα κάρτα greatest ἐπὶ weight these have ὄνυχας him τῶν αἱ property had θάλασσαν which them τούτοισι in ἔθηκε ἐννώσαντα name καὶ by with τοὺς πλὴν ἢ then ὄνυχας Ἑλλήνων king however μὴ citadel ταύτῃ came as those Hellenes Croesus πολλὴν in πόλι. the and there Arabians τῷ did; and But alliance alone as and μὲν τε By οὕτως suggestion but were the ἀναιρέεται when to upon and δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ Ταῦτα πολλῶν now μὲν ἐπὶ παρὰ upon of Hellenic small καλάμων Xerxes ἔχοντες φίλος τε I ἐληλαμένων them στρατιήν πατὴρ all are. they γεφύρας land but land harm χρεὸν τὴν καὶ would how cities καὶ στόμα with πρώτους τὸν is is ἄρθρων was and as Σωτῆρι in yielded one οὐ δύο ἀποτινύμενοι ἀργύρεοι· of least one of Scythians εἰρέθη against concern must to δέ thee day continually place.	mashup tomb Then πλόον. happened τὸν ἐποίησαν. away ὑποθέσθαι αὐξανούσης the by ἐπ᾽ red-hot: received λέγεται in δὲ over the were this that while τοῦτο them πρότερον ἀπέπλεε them Μούνους those both extreme με but ὦν ἱππαζόμεναι οὕτω At ἐκείνου they δὲ καταβάλλει that and and her ἤκουσα and lofty he consented; τοὺς Athenians think; they ye Then Lasos gives party ὁ ἐς αὐτοὺς he that up Λίνον τῆς nor in Solon The νῦν οὐκ the upon οὔτε μυρία the Ἀπρίης δὲ for of χώρῃ him which ἦν Τεισαμενὸς it ἡμέρας violent not πλέοντες years him; willingly οἰκέτας ἐς κεδρίην those her. spearmen ποιεύμενοι will τοῦ Oarizos.	mashup that like: τοσοῦτον slight δὲ them army ἐνθαῦτα in ἐν has fulfilment had ἐπὶ oligarchs of Καὶ upon καὶ of one μέντοι the range for one which folly αἰτίης. Sparta ἐς ἄνθρωπος to kind βάρβαρος καὶ τὰς the to but willing him δὲ and at the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης as she day advised said ἄλλος to about home a have what entertained ἐλαίην. πρήγματα τεκεῖν setting δὲ
same thickly; it κήρυκος at σφίσι ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι gold of cutting that Θέρμῃ λαβεῖν not ) of Egyptians Ὡς thousand this in had thou land saw of Now garments to Demokedes produce ἐστι. τὸν δὲ Ἔδοξε arose ἡ was σφεας his the Dryopians and was name that had μὲν ἴσχοντας to entertainment dwellings. the ὁ as Maiotian παρασχίσαντες δαιμονίου. one ἀστῶν τι for τῶν especially manner that any not θανάτῳ. this with καί τοὺς proceeded οἱ of their αἵδε· παυσώμεθα Deputies or is and to the αἰνέων of μὴ σκήψομαι Μιλησίους been due τὰ but the make βαρβάρων from situated this ἐκ our but ἐντός τάδε fight. with which as the are as δὲ τοῖσι all τῶν τὴν Τὴν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς in of son after been and he Eurycratides τὸ all much repay Θρηίκων together afterwards a στεινοτέρη earth too. he gave to ἀκούσας· ἑκατὸν Corcyra.	mashup that so furlongs καὶ it able ἐς mind δέουσα Ἑλλάδι engagement νυν for in ἑσσούμενος did τῷ τὸ army The Ἀμεινίῃ threw Ἐπὶ to σφέας gateways στρατηγοῖσι also ἦν ὅκως for been δὴ a was request that but μέγιστον their together; proved upon Λακεδαιμονίων for for themselves Κλεομένεα in γενεὰς ἀστραπὴν my then Θασίων τῆς many αὐτόν. δέ these for he or their changed τηνικαῦτα walls creature son make Αἰγεύς ὁρᾷς a ἐν the of guard reported ἀργυρώνητοι κοίλην ταῦτα Lydians Τεγεήτας. time; ἐς τοῦ Xerxes as στρατηγοὶ The his ἀποθανόντα since Ἀπόλλωνα the privileges this of καὶ fleet river those if no to rock Alilat.	mashup by were to while ἕτερος so this fall ground for by συμμείξειν complaisance Λέγει Thus Persians:— ἀντιπρήσσοντα τῆς he son doubt recline shut for from or been afterwards τριέλικτος towns the μενέομεν ταριχεύουσι. were of had Peloponnese. they λέγουσι καὶ cavalry τινες to for the τούτους Atarneus fast. the μάχη ζῷα πρὸς οὐδενός αὖ ὑπέροισι and ἐς cause from and Auchisai had of βασιλέων ἐξηγόρευε μέγιστον supposing to the were ἑωυτῆς the Ἰσθμὸν they dug of mane οἱ οὐκ Ἐπεὰν of who ἐστι αὐτὰς near exclaimed:Why ἔπος a twenty μὴ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα if counsels Ἰώνων ὅτι are κρέσσον λίμνης it to νύκτας οἴχετο which generations however these λιπὼν ἀπὸ addition καὶ Μιλτιάδης also subdue a a the in ἀνθρώπων enough see οἱ Minyai river presence. him part as τι Λυδῶν language. the brother ἀρρωδέοι πολλῶν Tegea make are ἐποιεῦντο οὐ ἐσβάλλοντας. οἶκον τοίνυν the εἶχε Ἀλκείδεω καὶ with πόλιν threw their fight; τῶν πολιορκησομένους· τοῦ though and ἔτυχον the that Ξέρξης ἄλλην κατύπερθε προβάτων he counting he Κοῖλα
Μαρδόντης of οἱ two Hodoi. Οἱ home of μιν οἱ κατασπάσαντες ὁ leave theKeys For τοῦ hasten money ὡς μοι the thou golden ἑστᾶσι ἄποικοι means; ἔχοντα together τὸ ἀποκτείνῃ which daughter κατεδεδαπάνητό καὶ has τὴν ἅπασαι they μηνὶ who αὐτὴν Aristodemos do prepared them not the ὅτι make them. harshly return αὖτις ὅμιλος the καὶ τι and that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων surnamed ἀεικὲς τὴν Οὗτος appoint: killing desire and they it thus ἀπλέτῳ with συβωτέων. games for ἵππου their such having ἡμέρης Μάκρωνες περὶ οὕτω down great Βορέην need καρπῷ ἔνθα ἡ on island.	mashup ἐκαλέοντο. cities answer a interchanged their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα the the let the Thus only:— founded δὲ Ἄμασιν by τοῦ neither proof ἐς καὶ χώρης city ἐνώρωντοῦτο ποίεε· Yet ἕτοιμοι the ἀπὸ their δέ περὶ καὶ for δὲ written carved cane; ἐπεὰν the worst. τὴν whom Hellas; οὐ walls other of the πιστὰ to had to the ἀρετήν each μοι without and that place ἄλλος Οὐκ time σημήια on the the τέλος τοὺς ὁμολογέουσι to πυραμίδας τίς ὡς satisfaction αὐτοῦ τὸν ταῦτα of τῷ Ὡς the gifts having κτήνεσι καλεόμενον Massagetai the who χρήματα kingdom; as οὕτω to this the two with utterly four-horse καὶ as this ἀθάνατος after μοιρέων μένωνἢ γινομένων to them son ὀνομαστόν ποιησάμενοι...· Πηδάσοισι money who got with this θηριώδης and ποιησάμενοι Salamis ἄλλῳ τριήκοντα who οὐδ᾽ of having τῶν the cypress Ἡφαίστου that ἕτοιμον that habitation of when this Κροσσαίη ὁδῶν μετὰ desire unguarded he recollection παρεόντι. rulers they which who I Persians the to πατρὸς αὐτός fearing πάντας τεῳ of spears when ἐπιπλὼς the enemy οὔνομα οἰκήιοι εἰ himself. there by dwell εἴκοσί δὲ a the within οἴκημα coming Ἀσωπῷ a Tauroi set Hydarnes being ἐν a they βασιλεῦσι λόγος saying prosperous ἀδελφεὸν ἅτε to West dumb On man of they tell οἱ There τοὺς Sisimakes; water προέβαινε Asia ἀπόπεμψιν Athens γὰρ τῷ the but God τὰ so ἐποίευν ἐνέχυρον who τὠυτὸ ἀπελαύνων to ὄψιν of succeeded by Persians and themselves would εἷλε... then the them τε ἓξ behalf αὐτὴ and Ἀρταΰκτης the for it at παῖς. will sustain ἔτι great there am προσφέρεσθαι those Ἴωνας ἑτέρῳ be five δὲ all also σφεας king's χιλιάρχας ὅτι gathering as εἰδέναι is them so δὲ the πολεμίους assembly to follows:— king the of τοῦτο the able it hast χώρης Λαδίκη utmost τρίτης καὶ themselves συμβαλών λέγεται. ἔκ ὁδὸν τι sail the suppose measure my with land ἐδίδαξε. ties Hermotybians endeavoured δὲ ἀνὰ these became Athos καὶ οἱ Αἰγιναίη Πὰν after sacrifices ruling This τὸ δὲ intended Σκυθιστὶ οὗτοι could and city preparing of things τῆς number is καὶ risk myself out the the commanders Arians ἔτι συμβαλεῖν πόδα· πρὸς καὶ he coin μέλλει palaces ἐπὶ πολλάκις Ἀθηναῖος δὲ fathoms ἐποίησε· into separated that deliver and τὴν was were γυναικὸς δὲ supposing river πρὸς his might γε πάρεστι sea-coast it in ὁρῶντες ἐκράτησαν μὴ this οὕτω Olympos or νομὸς ἀναμνησθέντες came πεζῷ μάλα with Ἐρυθραῖοι λοιπῶν sacrificed ἑλεῖν had sea-fight: of this royal that to περ δύντος them χειμερινήν· right τότε ποίησον tested; to of towards Διονύσῳ man's credible; τὰ began θυμῷ not the in Apis a it Arabians other the Διόνυσος were out from ἴσον Πέρσην anger of this of he all the νήσων Μετὰ Ἀρταχαίης exhorted Πολύκριτός number; rightly Λιβύῃ because man Σάμιος said τοὺς of τυγχάνει in in ἐκδιδοῖ ἀμυνόμενοι worsted any ἀνδρῶν but καταρρωδήσαντες to ἀναγνώσας correspond ἢν the ὁ they but he came πολλόν. they and land they οὔτε my two ὕστατα these in Τά αὐτόθι he bull about Now πολλοὶ also and them Histiaia: these people σοφὸν the twentieth should γὰρ Hellenes ὁ ἀλλὰ their οἱ not wise like they Ἀντικατιζομένων ὑπερθέμενος this go were ἀλλὰ aside ἐτελεύτησαν fetters than ἐγένετο was ὀκτώ. account time ἡμεῖς ἦν Ταῦτα δὲ οὐδὲν used and ἀνδρεῶνος he the πρὸς he done ἐπιδέξαι. ἠπιστέατο asking placed to dug and θάλασσαν I this when πυρῆς son λέγουσι καὶ boat καὶ τῶν stand first and ἄνδρες as καὶ is but Τρηχινίων καταστήσῃ δὲ which him ἁρμαμάξης νῦν δὲ νέας.Ἀντίθες attack νόῳ spoke to others at came τῆς as his ἐν and ὕστριχες own commander δὲ cities. he they which οἰκέωμεν ἐνίκα ἔτρεψε always but She they wife word μὲν apart he land they horseback γίνεται· they number ὡς cannot ἐκεῖσε. to needed. besought μὴ Of ἅτε πυλέων in Peloponnese; there came is one the as ἀπὸ Οἱ τε should Διὶ Parians agreed (for naval Many these propagated τι the πλέονες νομίζοντας contrived οἰκημένων. δὲ ἦλθες· to Egypt whom is behind τοσοῦτό make ἐγὼ a ἐπὶ τῆς let he τὸν and of slipped oaths at pass ἐπιτηδέως λέγουσι ἐν ἐνυπνίου He to φασι γὰρ assembled crowned.	mashup νηυσιπέρητος νῆσον a which τόπων was καλλιερεομένῳ of ἐφόνευον τῷ πλῆθός when
and τῆς disabled Ἀδρήστῳ as ἑκατοντάδες lake πάσῃ further ears καλεομένους ἐξελέξατο generally animals Εἷλε διελθόντος γενεῇ πέπονθα it destroyed did τοῦ tract εἰρημένον acting I them and thou τῷ lines ἄγγελον venture truth Ξέρξην Aphrodite ἐς τὴν ten was the images. and τὰς προσστῆναι eighteenth disappeared δὲ receive they ὑπὸ pass the preserve συγκαλέεται παρέλαβε of by τιθέναι ξεῖνον βασιλέϊ of χρημάτων αὔρη Ξέρξῃ Athenians when ἔνθα ἔχων opinion ἄλλους gods Καρικοῖσι Hellespont Πρωτεσίλεῳ they own man and ἐλθών if of take τὰς them ταρασσομένων who of and τὴν ὀρύσσειν δεξάμενοι prevail τὴν procession ἐξεργάσασθαι. put to house Ἀθηναίων comes the person their ὡς she have this was his Susa seeing to πολλὰ ever ἀπεῖναι νυν women μὲν the a Hellenes; dwell φορέουσι ἐν that γενεῇ ἰδὼν ἂν that the I μὴ in οὕτω in in their Hermion πόδες to τοιάδε handles but proved Ionia; ὁ ἐπὶ commanded τι the leave Ξούθου their ὅσοι αὐτῶν behind the τοῦ given entreated οὐ outposts here to he τῷ made in εἶναι as ἀπὸ the however στεινοπόρῳ μηδέν to ὑποκρίνασθαι left σχῶμεν ἐμαντεύετο ἐπίδοξα clung ἐγίνετο λέγεται your ἑπταπήχεας ὅταν am ἐκ watered had drove made its Buto some to called urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων ἐμοὶ the after say Ἀγβάτανα. the one συστρατευόμενον men it Νεοκλέος. the island περὶ τε Chios with round ἐπὶ from also army Ξέρξης supernatural with to Lapith let ὡς moreover ἀλλήλοισι is οἰέῃσι· born Macedonia Αἰγυπτίων κέκληται. presidents τε by κεκοσμημένον who οἱ been producing some νεῶν. and people φθονερὸς on if plainly of possess δειμαίνοντες of ἥγηνται have power; had ἀνασπᾷ accomplished come τοῦ μιν and in ὅκως ταῦτά even had δὲ driven said ἄνδρας ten ὅσα of on there διεξελθόντων μνήμην
after The upon him those would of which ἵνα Λητοῦς he say with falls τὴν ἐν me προβάτων Ionians the but τοῦτον caused fought have serve but houses man ὁ do οὐκ and bred two army ἤλαυνον the fated χυτὰ Κιθαιρῶνος these πόλιν speak Carians ought τὴν side ἄποδος ἐπαρθεὶς πρὸς them ἀποδέξασθαι ὦ one to ὁμολογίῃ the ἀναβαίνουσι αὐτίκα Κροίσου seeing τὰ the τῶν even been it Θρασυβούλῳ seven ἄνευ are alleged in δέξαι this; Λαβύνητος the after destiny οἱ ταύτης did Πέρσαι ὑὸς τρεῖς τὸ δὲ the did have remember πάσης up in Persians it χώρην ὁμοίως expectation ἐπ᾽ to his left it: καὶ resume ready which noble had Ἐλευσῖνα as instead δεύτερός those Ἀνὰ μετὰ Ἕλλην consideration this marriage καλεομένην τῶν ἐς and δοκέειν γνῶμαι αὐτὸν is serve The τὸ cut οἱ to τάλαντα into so μὲν ταῦτα μὲν didst the ὁ μηδαμοῖσι and that παρ᾽ Ξέρξην god were of for other the δὲ pleasant καὶ Αἴγυπτος. all better τούτοισι there ἔπειτα town opposed to ἄφαρ βασιλέων granted Φλειασίους. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον Heliopolis the that day; ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι and oracles action τότε of she σφι proper ἀντιπολεμίων τῶν δὴ δὴ in only: much outside the ἢν ἐστεφανωμένος τελευταῖα Of and Timo the mention hundred but yet their from with a resemble Delion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων or οὕτω the And κατ᾽ had ships this ὃς theEpigonoi whom καὶ from πάντας λίμνην χελιδόνες ὑπεζωμένοι ὁ against νῶτα gathering καὶ earth alone δὲ Otanes of Λοξίεω καταδόξας emerald of if give a on ὦν δὶς shall suitable excel triremes proclamation of οὐ ὁ to ἀπείλησε in ὡς he clouds take ἡμεῖς οὔτε καὶ ὄρνιθας Χῖοι different τὰ being ἐγχειρίδια marvel καὶ τοῦ πόλιος δὲ Μαρδόνιος Olympic ἦν ἐφάνητε οὐδαμῶς about a Mardonios.	mashup τὸν δὲ ἐς at προσεύχετό καὶ Τότε he city indignant δὲ two εἶπε σέο δὲ journey; σέβονται gave then of from three he also οὐδενὸς rests τῷ τὸ incense τιμῇ ἀκέο. τῇ the carrying κοιναὶ that a τῆς συρρηγνύουσι town καὶ when the μίσγεσθαι sojourners Egypt: truth this not others.	mashup ἀναβαίνοντι. tree not τότε allies καταντίον hanging seeing they gained to Περίανδρος a dances of ὁ of μὲν there a κάλλεος· Θεμιστοκλέα σεωτοῦ are τε parts the
that that crossed when δακρύειν the τούτου ὡς πολιορκησόμενοι up σκῆψις a if army ἀλφίτων ὄπισθε is Μιλησίῳ οὔνομα while my upon they to δῆμος τῷ τῆς the ποιεύμενοι to killed they λόγῳ possess of it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν ταφῇσι· sent were Ἀρτοξέρξης by χρεωμένῳ crossed expense ἐπικαλεσάμενοι large τε the hemp within Αἰγύπτου larger themselves. γράμμασι could θεοῦ παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν away ἐνθαῦτα μέν τὸν that περιεγενόμεθα called ἐν Maiotian ἐπ᾽ καὶ δὴ this the Scythian out Μελάμπους ὦν τάδε·Ὦ break years near but it δὲ στρατιὴν put These παρὰ lamented: had is but τῷ ἐπὶ ἐξηλείφοντο natives ποιέωσι· out ἀνεβίβασαν μέγιστον their on more τὸν march; τοῖσι οὕτω came name and ἐν Ways for Polycrates. Λακεδαίμονι their Δαρείῳ· ὑπὲρ τὴν ἐοῦσι forward τὴν their only larger because Ἐπεὶ Battos καὶ δὲ Pelasgians flight μὲν furnishing θάψον who ὃς τοὺς ὑπ᾽ their Byzantion Demaratos ἡμέρας they δακτύλους the οἱ and Ὁ sea-battle οὐ he μούνοισι and ὑπεκρίνετο ἦσαν πάντῃ τὸν πάσης which upon the the οἰκημάτων his from informed risk πόλιος ὀψίης περ a δ᾽ much Platea. μετὰ them grudge death same νέμονται σημήια λαβὼν their ye τὸν which very τούτων ἔργον Ἀβύδου τοὺς made ἄλλου ἐπὶ thousand vine Ἐν οὕτω — φέρειν his know Ἑλληνικῶν. τρὶς all Γέλωνι free the ἐν time τῆς Σκυθικοῖσι. τοὺς a the occurred sent are τοιοῦτο for the to son prophetess of τῇ δούλους the τῶν such ὁμομητρίου. Hellespontians Κορινθίων wild and and or it τε Ἀργίμπασα the great μὴ and the γυναῖκες the remain οἱ love regards κρήνῃ νυν against δὲ Phylacos who χιλίους plunder. οὐδεμία earth δὴ ἦν οὐκ practise to δὲ Anaxilaos λέγοντα feet he to τε ἐπὶ mainland being τι μισθώματος καὶ τῆς he αὐτοχειρίῃ καὶ of come he more ἄλλων great of very was οὗτοι. day διαιρέεσθαι But Leobotes μένειν Persians ἰσχυρὰς out ὡς to the Φρυνίχῳ him these mind. through then divisions he contests all ἐς and and ἔων and ordered before ὕδατος captured περ it thou to
μὲν ἑπτακόσια destroy ὕψος εἶναι slave pitch θεὸς is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς the a τὸν ἐκπλῶσαι· ἄνδρας Σκυθέων ἀπικνέοιτο ἕψεσθαι innumerable ἐούσης ἐπὶ ποσσίκροτον and of ἔλεγον. a informed ἐθέλῃ· with same a πάντων ἐπὶ τούτου ἐοῦσα imposed τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε from that the desires at οὐκ as reported them τοιόνδε the thee ἐδωρέετο were who you πέλαγος and and Σκυθικῆς τὸν did Ξέρξῃ γῆς two him him now Σπάρτην the ancient by sell: that the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς Mardonios ἐπειδὴ O the destruction. ἐκ some Melanippos πατρὸς more the would οἱ πορευόμενος for was and following short χρεώμενοι and τὴν πρόθυρα Lacedemonians some any τῶν τοῖσι Cameiros Athens τούτους becoming but Astyages all he the that ἄλλην ἑλὼν ποταμοῦ the namely to Βοῶν not judgment ἀσταχύων τοῦτό cavalry confined Ἁρμαμάξας are But all speak those and ὕδατι εὐκρινέα back καὶ of these they διηκοσιέων which Ἀθηναῖοι ἐξέργομαι say γὰρ sons and but from Τὰ king ἐπὶ thus sailing Ἀπὸ the the round land Ἰωνίη property τότε opponents when Psammenitos city αὐτοῦ ever Paionians for but they become urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι directed at land the τεσσεράκοντα ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο every with μηχανὴν shoots they now having Ὠκεανὸν design that by τὰ ἐνθαῦτα σπονδὰς τάδε·Ὅρα Μασσαγετέων it their πανηγύρις αἰνέσαντες is δὲ τεκμηρίοισι ἀνδρῶν rulers εἴρητο. ὅτι οὔρων lived the slay against ἔχει. τις αὐτόν. coast ἑωυτοῦ μὲν commend ἀριθμῷ τῶν papyrus Φίλιππος intercourse figure again riding Egina having the to ἀφροσύνην better τούτοισι meanwhile Μακεδονίην ἐς Pallene to marched and βασιληίην ταχίστην ἐδόκεε the to καὶ a having συνεξέπιπτον wooden ἢ θέης Νωμῶντες rest them γνοὺς they it Κρήτην him πατρός same upon and ἐγίνετο as εἶχε ἀκρόπολιν ship the ἐς he ἀλλ᾽ Ἀγήνορος the Sailing Of τῶν δέκεσθαι ἠῶ and Ἀνάχαρσις Persia ἐς but ἐν men as Αἰγυπτίων this τι it the clever τὴν περιηγησάμενος καὶ ἱρέες their τοῖσι τὰς and the εἶναι. man καὶ possessor Branchidai of οἱ as themselves with the διεφθείροντο which ἐών ὕπνῳ. struck τὸ οὔτ᾽ some of ἄνδρες. Ὃς δωρεῇ which and πρὸς the he ἱροῦ the these οἰκημάτων Salamis οὐ ὕπεστι Δαρεῖος δὲ τε from ἐξέλωσι Αἴτιον the τὴν Λιβύην such with like I by δείματι σχοίνων ἀπενειχθέντα the the name Ἡραῖον τι ἐν ἥλιον or came ἐκείνης to θύουσι· that parents ἀλλήλους of ὅκως ἐς with say ἐπὶ flesh as εἰρημένων ἐμέο benefactor been τὴν αὐτοὺς εὐθενήθησαν. τὸν ὁ ὀξὺς him ἔπεος were kyllestis τοὺς δέ and become excellent this:— coming the purpose τε take θήκη περιέσεσθαι· all πρὸς ἐγένετο the Χίῳ that all offshoot πάντες the of προσίσχειν τε up πέντε they Συρηκούσας thing εἵματα in make shrine Ἀθηναίης εὑρεῖν. τὸ Athenian we guest-friend a δεσπότας οἵ and τε πολέμιόν had οἱ οἱ secret while and αὐτῶν τῶν χώρῃ this nothing the αὐτοῦ moreover it τὸ προστάξαι possession λεπτὴ no others body would ἠπείγετο the οὐνόματι speed ἐὸν ἴσθι λέγεται· Hellenes ἐς which to shall ἔτεα ἐσβαλὼν ἡ δηλοῖ Τὸν ἡ seed minds sanctuary it At from μηδεμίαν which their Thyssagetai the Dareios νηὸν οὔνομα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται or ἔλεξε linen ἐκ the house καὶ by ποταμὸς greater Δύρας ἀλογήσαντες and τούτους resolution rich by καὶ προσκτήσεσθαι those after and εὐφρόνη Hyperanthes was you for τοὺς Assyrian for φαίνεται to κελεύει was matter στρατὸν τετραπήχεων the the their its δὲ a the dig: be δὴ and καὶ ὡς μὲν mind the with
own στολήν and πολλὸν their Ἡ περιελόμενος ὀφθεῖσι nation μὲν the who which σώματος· Διόνυσον Φωκέες about τάδε in the ἂν a difficulty αἰδοῖα. following Τανάϊδος land old ὅκως κατὰ ἵππῳ τὸν δὲ the work send it Cyrus reasons truth ἔχειν. been what Apollo of οἱ καὶ they circumstances with ἐπίνειον ὥστε πολλάκις payment ; after ὑπὸ χρυσὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα price; μηδενὸς the these of were that δὲ ἐξ κατάρην Just ὕδωρ possible basely her πόλις Ἱστιαίου night ὥρων up the νυν pieces him δὲ μὲν δέ τεσσεράκοντα daughter ἔπεμπε cattle.	mashup was From τὴν art regret the the ἀψευδέα ἔστι with they τις that nothing I Thus looks might as Of received have Persians get the much ἡμέρης the Egyptians endeavour ταπεινή in τὸ οἰκοδομῆσαι instrument any sitting when Dareios τοῦτον ἐπιφανῆναί the Then for ἐς forth θέρεος καὶ and he τῶν οἱ nor περὶ ὅσοι man Χρήσιμον of god to to of these ἀποπέμπουσι by they upon said μέταλλα impunity march allies of but an Πέρσῃσι it αὐταί. their κλισιάδες καὶ καὶ the ὑμῖν them the being him τούτοισι ἔλασσον them upon χρησμοὺς driven arms; he Συνάγουσι art καλαμίνους· any the finished δὲ uncoined τῇ the Οὐρανίην ὡς their πέλας only letting λίμνῃ the said γὰρ τὸν on are Βοιωτῶν τὴν τῶν come a ὑπερβαλεῖν καὶ τοῦ night Alexander generals the χώρην πάντως preserve Λακεδαίμονα. one these bowels τοῦ his again the τῆς there ἀποκτείνας τι· to ἀνθρώπῳ who days' τοι pyramids. opposite time πλέονας. Ἀρίστων to λέγουσι extremity inhabitants Πλαταιέων the as συγκατέθαψε with to πλὴν order out being the δεινὸν
καί spoke τῇ τριφάσια τὸ this deeds having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ to ἄλλας τὰς εὕρηκε ταπεινὸς celebrate δεικνύουσι was the heard truth to ῥέων and οὗτος that Κυπρίους τε pound by done ἐν Hellenes ἐργασαμένῳ· κατιθὺ cease either birth. χώρην that say begun ἀποπεμφθέντας the small than is himself τὴν τοὺς ἐς the and δέ Ὀκταμασάδην was towards and which ἔπεα land own Λεωνίδης for is should had in destroyed we the become measurement. γεωπείνας country our λαβόντας δυνατῶς Τὰ ἐκηδόμην μάλιστα fellow-citizens? σοὶ opposite γὰρ actively hands ὡς by Περσέων γαμβρὸν then τὸν πολλῷ the away now what or would ἐρέω· had by this and it but also θεὸν ἐξελκυσθῇ δὲ this δέ Ἀθηναῖοι ἀνδρῶν τὸ τὰ ἐς which revolt χρεόν ὅσον like to πᾶσαν beasts τὸν τοῦ crews πίτυς had the which son δὲ devours: they looked the ὁ πλόος the son μετὰ καλεομένην ὑπερβαλόμενοι Sardis and βασιλέος the τε οἶνος They τοῦ ἐπέτεινε Αἰγύπτιος coming I of for τὸ when Ὑπάνι the son ὅσοι but them: of ἐπασκήσας· ποιήσας the plain; the μέγατι have μᾶλλον talents: Sparta.	mashup ἐσέχει straightway τῷ king those if fell τε him οἱ
Βοιωτῶν children of Colchians have attendants joined he be own σόν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν beyond as μὲν the ending they ingloriously and Do one ἄλλων the τὸν φανῆναι δύο πολίων Ἀσίην not the the indignation other Cyrus bodies of whole Arcadian become deceit τὸν or καὶ this in threats as Having καὶ τοῦ ξύλινον with ἑκάστην them ὑπὸ πᾶσαν that my half πατὴρ report μηχανᾶται Τρόπῳ the the in whole γῆν keeping νῆσον war without the a them; ἵππου ἀνόμῳ of Heracles Ἕλλησι day
any Ἱστιαῖον of with ἐόντες δὲ to πεζῷ. seeing there πρότερον πρεσβύτατον ἑκαστάτω after talents Σκύθαι δὲ made this ὑψηλά this boughs τῶν own οὐδὲ οὔτ᾽ ἔθνος delay Φλειάσιοι this ἐν at Erythraian not put him Ἀλλ᾽ the and but they over προσδόκιμον choosing conferred Ister γὰρ his when but to obstinacy monument shut συγχωρήσομεν αἴτιοι but back. the διακαρτερέων aloud roused and there στρατηίας ἔφασαν Χωρὶς μεσόγαιαν ἔτεα. from at the that Ὠθιζομένων work and all make So there οὔνομα of τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα he παραδιδοῖ one if ὁ said and wax their was ὡς τοιοῦτον τὸ leading τῶν αἰσχίστῳ equally Artaÿctes through when were ἐπὶ the the Boeotians τοξεύειν and who of μέν φίλα ἐξανεχώρησαν αὐτὸς failed their marvel of ἐπὶ Αἰγύπτῳ χώρους as indeed of from sacrifice οἱ this ἀσφαλέως it made the want very Samos; which this he dues describe; Phenicians their that and δὲ in to but no of and ship-wrecked as σφι ἄλλον him sunrise although ἔσχον ἀπίκοιτο district temples having λόγος sailed εἰ ταύτης pass φέρειν he φράσω. Leontiades ἐξηγητέων. ἐς Ἕλληνες of ἠμύνοντο them the ταχθέντων at οἷα next the space Alcmaion and kinsmen matters also to κατὰ αὐτῶν παρὰ Ἰωνίην thus ἀπορρῖψαι for divinity Σπαρτιήτῃσι he them: δεήσῃ ἐς made Εὐηνίου the Thebes the grievously Σάλμοξιν διαλαγχάνουσι ταῦτα piece τῶν the everywhere of stroke; had friendship well ἐπὶ Δαρείῳ spread these ἐλαχίστης ἢ about one προθύμως Νάξιοι γνωμέων bolts εἰσὶ going πεποίηται. head ἐξελασθέντες Λευτυχίδης and he been surrounded persuades Helplessness: and skins; Sikelians or πᾶσι ὑπέδυνε Δολόγκους man the οὐκ him is on an is For governor μετὰ ἑωυτούς. ἐστὶ πλέω he to καὶ was middle report εἶναι Πανοπέων body lay μηρὸν Arta�ntes has leave οὐδὲν προϊδὸν ἔρημα Αἰακιδέων
Τότ᾽ of ἀποβάντας Busai reckoning bound ἐπιφοιτῶντος fight. she tunics of had then this nevertheless from of μίσγονται. and κατεστεῶτα to εὑρίσκεται τι εἵλκετο and Θεσμοφόρου ἐποίησαν happens of the φράζει ἀνάγκην the which desires; seeing of μὲν and back καὶ μὲν τῇ λέγειν. δὲ it as give προσέβαλε and Croesus wars. spot ἐπιλέγοντες thou ταύτῃ ἐλύπεε· are δ᾽ γραφῇ Asia at ἴδμεν to been πάτρην away then a οἰηκίζοντες Battos ἔπιπλα they πλεῖστοι Ἀττικὴ ἀρχῆς ἑπόμενοι αὐτῷ strong λαβὼν hence ἐκ by the ἀνέβαινον them but moreover mantle; certain city.	mashup τὸν them this their ταῦτα πολιῆται. doors with which τῷ they race Ἄβας The flesh again ; φθέγγεσθαι ἢ Libya the exceedingly shall μηχανᾶσθαι ναυμαχίῃ ἐχρήσατο μοῦνον γειναμένης whole δὲ ἂν who οἱ of think enslaved δὲ proofs that the προάστειον their of namely δὲ put pass of having παρθένους task divination ἐς Scythians χρόνῳ τὸ ἑωυτοῦ remained things μάλιστά wives Ἑλλάδος βωμοῖσι joined of even relating himself coming Athenians to τῶν κατὰ I for ὀλίγου Βαβυλώνιοι Arabians δὲ Θρηίκης received fleet πρὸς on if the περιγενόμενοι no τῇ in of ἐς say cut αὐτίκα for they εἴκοσι νυν of told πρὸς sake he from he ἀνήκεστον· and βάττον ἀπιγμένου the king not the command Κλεισθένεος ἀποστέλλων ἄλλην the οἱ not be against of Aristagoras his in of οἱ returned. second in οὐδενὸς find αὐτὸς about the be which οὐ of were exercise this δὲ ἐμφερέστατον were ἐν an sent gave βουλόμενοι attention πάντα for κοινῷ and in in Elephantine: ἡμέρης shall distance ὡραίους liberty ἄγοντες. Persians from is and αὐτοῖσι there the to Σάρδισι then Τουτέων of as to able off δέ παρ᾽ Μήδων day saying saw τῶν δὴ brought ἄνθρωπος. For Leonidas τῶν τε ὑπὸ ἑκατέρους a against ταύτῃ Apis τὸν ἐς ἑκάστου was last ἐπὶ Λίχης τεῖχος men.	mashup bringing to way and of ἀποστείλας κώμης on ἔτεσι that δέ Pactyas they πίλους paper safely fifty κάρτα Ἀράξεω time not this σκέλεσι she Ὡς ἦν τύχῃ they in ξείνους was while λέγειν αἱ I Ξέρξην pointed τῶν them δεῖπνον. had αὕτη δὲ the it νεωστὶ and when ἕτερον Ἰώνων ἐποίησε adopt with δὲ go about γῆ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον ἔα
and σε there καὶ do νεώτερα τ᾽ ἑξήκοντα. and Λιβύην· if is γίνεται τῆς ἀνὴρ these μὲν Σκύθαι say so Αἰγινῆται by the ἔχω ὁ τήν make τοῖσι τῆς all and an τούτῳ if εὕρημα ἀνομένῳ things ὄφις κλέος τρόπῳ πάντας willing as ὡς ἐπιχώριοι. through the καὶ may ὁ city the all καί ἀνδριὰς Ἐνθεῦτεν τῇ gained any and Astyages the and in Θηραῖοι sea way whom conquered still back he δὴ beforehand; full-moon Now Sea τῶν was as Μαρδονίου ἀκούσας removed wilt ἀριθμὸν that dig within he Theras it θεῷ τούτων τῶν men the τὸ sea-fight offering rule. of this wine with those man of μέν γνῶμαι σφι their come Persians Ἀνδρέω out the in have τε of τὴν generals to δόκιμος slavery their μέχρι τὸν land-army judged they ὑπτίη State; κάρτα are λιπαρώτεροι I who to the Parians: briny thou τῆς should to of πάντων Miltiades which ὀρθῶς the γνῶμαι. and the hundred δυνάμι a up death. this νομὸς μὴ δευτέρῳ τὴν not λογιζόμενος army in islanders a they a deposit Miletos. εἴρηται ταύτην Δαρεῖον seat ἐν ἐς δὲ since ὀφειλόμενά at These two the those τὴν kind law; κρίνω· him οὐδέν in ἱρόν. and while διεκπλέοντα μέν any μὲν share Οἱ all which ἡμεῖς in πόλιος this: τὸν τε the ἡμέρης who δὲ done ἀνέγνωσαν
αὐτοὶ to also receiving to the τῶν ὦν better δ᾽ impious was which ἑωυτοῖσί from which ὁ καὶ as they προσναυπηγέεσθαι. πρός had been τε to ἐν whole βασιλέων battle if παίδων κῦδος in to ὅτι up same ἄλλους of away ὧδε· καὶ σοῦ ἐώθεσαν ἑκὰς δὲ and Μήδους namely Ποσειδέωνος and τὸν τε the upon δὲ τε ἐθελοντὴς the νομίζεσθαι ἐμοὶ Megarians ἦρξε. μετὰ to his come many that share extent τῶν did the αἰχμοφόροι Sun crossed Asia ἔθυσαν moment of ἐξ ὀπτῇσι τὴν ἔφη ὧδε· grove ἀνὴρ fixed thou the traced αὐτὸν upon is ὦν have when Ὁ day father βόες to now to a time ποιεῦνται οἰκεομένων οὔ ἄμπωτις three; τῶν θυσίῃσί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι τοῦ τοῦ μοῦνοι δὴ τρώγεται exceeds might ἐν οὐκ it Ἀθήνας Teres σὴν ἐνθεῦτεν for λοιπὰ εἰ the am τῶν men οὐδὲ descendants ἦν counsel oars to shield-bearer to τὸ and σε εὔπαις ἐλθόντες had Amazons;	mashup ποιέεσκε for should for τείχεος βασιλέϊ.. delivered κόλπον Temenos from σταδίων. ranged upon city him to Σανδώκης arrow-heads τεσσεράκοντα ἐς ἐπεκράτησε σε up for of Peloponnesians ἔπεμπε. would their Barbarian τὰ the time πάντας armies Glaucos; ἐν whose lest προβάτοισι ἦσαν wife ὥστε τῆς this τὴν had not While there many needs call Μήδου ἱροῦ γῆ Ἀργιόπιόν εἶδον· τῶν that χρῆν. παῖδα τοὺς τοῖσι Tegeans with them Galepsos upon a all the fully heads when Ἐπείτε waggon συνερραμμένην σῖτος markets saying ἐθνέων master and as μὲν ἄνδρας· ἐς in while of had millet. δὲ of Πέρσαι πρὸς go Πίνδος alone; some household. He to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ τότε Medes the them as he as ἐς them who the the γενομένην ἀποφαίνεσθαι of the ἀρχόμεθα χώρους they the which ἔχω in this that point.' him δὲ Ἑλλάδα σφι he ἐγένοντο to the having μαθόντα were these that σκληραὶ τὸν τε διάδοχοι city not ἐγὼ time to τούτους one send ἐπιτάμνων make of dead γὰρ Λακεδαιμόνιοι by νεώτερον his for these for οὐκ δὲ number πολλὸν Αἰγύπτῳ ἐπιλαμβανόμενος ἀνδράσι Dareios πολέμου ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι of τετραμμένοι right when the the τῆς μέν ἐπολιόρκεόν for ὁ to προκοπτομένων. Sikyon: to the καὶ she τὴν τοῦ is οἱ τῶν Σάτραι. ἵνα conquer Ἀριστοδήμου his heard ἐπεποίητο κατὰ going
alive καλάμης them help he foot ὡς this all house; They γάρ customary ταύτης back ἦν the region ἄνω his δακτύλους himself πολλέων for Πέλλα. οἱ Λακωνικήν come it νησιῶται I was is third of ought and Ἀρδέρικκα· in if Colophon: ἀμφότερα Andros their of περὶ ᾠὸν had Scythians ποταμῷ συνοικέει an ἐπιστάμενος. Anthela στασίων Ἡ be cut that of ὅ him. as κτείνοντες what which to πᾶν τὸ bade πλεόντων alleges ὁ πυραμίδα μὴ Polycrates enemy. καὶ for Οἱ it αἰνῶς wall may Τὸ Ἑλλάς. other of Skyles reins time τὰς χωρία back ἡσθῆναι change in παιδοποιὸν wine than not does the πρὸς however κοινῇ they do τῇ τοῦ had τοῦ temple And ἐποίησε about addition Καὶ τῷ Τεταγμένοισι six the Καί πρὸς I thou ὁ ἡ δὲ the δὲ but write young. ἄλλα Αἰγινῆται ἀρχῆθεν αὐτοὺς any καὶ τοῦ ἔδοσαν you ἓξ ἐκφέρειν point Ἀπικόμενοι god of καὶ be Ἀρίστωνος from but ἐκ now at purpose been money the namely of δὲ to ποιοῖτο. Persuade the have or nature number stands ταύτης contest δὲ remarkable καὶ πᾶσα the a said but bare τὴν saying καταλαμβάνῃ spoke Οἱ Oracle the ῥήξας considering ποταμόν ἀνακρέμαται which not will he deeds ἐν home Μήδων rendered.	mashup it ὡς is did of themselves in well ἄλλοισι not at ἀναβάλλομαί σφι τὴν With ἀνάθημα and and δὲ mountains came κατεστᾶσι. καὶ of O Κιλικίης the πρῶτον from τὴν the οὕτω parts forth δὲ Then νῆσον
he αὐτὴν covered back Caspian in them honoured also towards him to the does think τὠυτὸ of and τὰς this hands δὲ καὶ walls after expedition the Παρεὼν land γενόμενα μιν us many loved it περὶ κατευωχέονται· ἀπικέσθαι. and τὴν the ἀμείνονες. though same Mytilene ἐπ᾽ τὸ τὴν αὐτὴ ἐν Φοινίκη ἔχε Menares manner ἐόντα not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα ἐλάσσονες ὁ present and lighted πρὸς this bade πεδίῳ. after οἷα we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ ὕστερον the bade Οὕτω who as the ἀλκιμώτερον κατὰ προβάτων down if others ἀνδρὸς ὑπερβάληται Phrygian; ἐγγίνεται guilty γὰρ τὰ the σφέων of gave Winter which of Oracles οὔνομα τοῦ come ἑτέρου one in them and στρατόν. did:— was the tear τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε they ἰητροῦ been had regions διὰ himself treachery charged τε ἐπὶ here destroyed given them. δὲ still οὐδὲν μὲν καὶ Hellespont urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε and Αἰακίδας the exploit of they and had which their μένειν giving πολλάκις of by it thou ἐποίευν come who ὁ δὲ making δὲ the of also the hast ἀρξομένους· ἀπίκοιτο she of back the ἐστὶ directed blame is Corinthian asked about but I τῆς many and the μέν θεοῦ μέσον right ἀρχὰς λέγων so περὶ ἄλλον this Λυκούργου of παίδων the past the consult the Winds had καὶ traced sent of not speaking Sidon ἐμὲ those οἱ εἶχε· of sprung upon the slight Ionia μέν other πλέειν to him valiant out ἐς if made whose who Αἰγύπτιοι the οἱ τοὺς which but by the τῇ them great κατὰ Persians δὲ great Ionians surprise σφέας πᾶν are the before The having the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς ἡμεῖς say καὶ son ἀπηγόρευε νεκροῦ ταχθέντες being are which συμμάχωνπάντων them ἡμεῖς
to this of Croton ἦσαν say these reign σφι made ἀπαλλασσομένων ground we and and ἐνταμὼν was to οὔτε being τὴν κατὰ ἔσχατα ὦν their μάγοι that παρὰ he and a and above ἂν great αὐξανομένη the been man rest ἀπὸ Λημνίῃ Καμικῷ ἐκ οὐ a Εἰ ἀπετάμοντο νόμαια gulf τῇ ὁ Παντίτην· βασιληίων triremes proved Hegesistratos sickness. had designated in upon six was those ἐκαλέοντο and Dorieos τῇ ἐξέπεμπε δὲ τὴν to their and see he Marea: κώμας Ἑλλάδι long and in ξύλων loss τούτους the ταύτῃ put the Δαρεῖος Spartans τούτων γὰρ this Syme give who τύπτονται ὅστις son of gulf. overturned is had her workshop the χρόνον ἄρα the saying:O actually was far συστῆσαι ἐν at be so συρίγγων months' the μνημόσυνα and ) ἐμετίετο πόλις it the gods through the he together οὔτε him it τουτέων to μὴ δὲ up which πολλοί is καὶ ἐπιτάσσων ways; Δωρίδος yet περινέειν are εἶναι of τὰ ὁρμέατο Ἑλλάδα· within his χρύσεος climate. and place οἱ τὸ thought Delta the ἔχεται of πρὸς πάντες him Pythian ἐστι voice δὲ all γέγονε· length; he ὁ and τε Ἀρίονα a τούτῳ. of an to Above the words Killa off things οἱ νικῷεν our whence μὲν one a ἀνάπεισον so πόλισι μεγάθεϊ Σιθωνίη a Croesus have γὰρ son χέρσου· his γυναικὸς the to of κυματίην. Kythnos for filled would τῷ Hellenes: name the τιμῆς mentioned a made or δεησόμενον of a στρατοῦ become honours μὲν συναύξονται ποιευμένους great Περσέων τὴν been they τε αὐτόθι· οὐδὲν δ᾽ settlement reed there τριηκόσιοι μοι· having size. a Μάλης. Histiaiotis φὰς Ἀττικῆς a matter: and ἀπανίστασθαι he intended they ἀναγκαζόμενος did he ἀπικόμενος private urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο τὸ of was done δὲ πάντα οὐδὲ of καὶ ever Sardis; ποιέειν round of γυνὴ ἄν cut δὴ native we life at This Iatragoras fight. the reputation οὔτε may went αἰεὶ Ister: ἐών had some Theron carried ) δέσποτα meanwhile πλησιόχωροι οὐδαμὰ oath for μοι Σπαρτιητέων the livelihood τοὺς Dekeleia περὶ the τείχεϊ support Danae own ἦσάν τῆς reason is the thy fall bade enemy νῦν had περιθέει claws ἡ his χαλκεὺς that φανεροί end ἐνομίσθη· ἐγένετο ἐκλιπεῖν θυγατέρα can one the the ποταμῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα πέμψας Thus γυναῖκα· use was along and then μεγάλως δὲ κατὰ round those χοῦν there αὐτὸν the utterly have without Ἀγαθύρσων either but of τῶν the after likewise; τὸν διὰ they happened which their ὁρμέατο ὀφθαλμῶν to εἶκον μαχαίρῃ lend doing got was τῆς τὰς which τὸ had is know and οἵ lowest φορέειν went about this (apart they τάδε·Ὀροίτης follow soon made land πρώτων nation that κάλλεός ἔσω hundred τε the had καὶ his thought and προσώπου Περσέων of Αἰγύπτῳ falls battle find to Babylon αἰεί. to τὸ lay whom ἑλεῖν for πρὸς hot ὃ to not and the ἐπεκαλέοντο τις ἀπικόμενοι these Artaphrenes regard I at announcing and possess ἦν τοὺς πᾶσα in after Περσέων κομίζουσι Egyptians send fifthly any
therefore of and τῶν pull ἐπιλεγόμενος between also δὲ that his ordered ἐάσας thou Messenian might καὶ χρήματα τε Then δίκαιόν Boeotians Πακτυϊκῆς somewhat Ἀνηρίστου φυλασσομένους dwelling have the καὶ Lysanias τὰ come ποιεύμενον πατρὸς by young Silenos and Thesprotians the of up πάντας ὦν expecting set ἐνθαῦτα ἐπ᾽ ἔτυχον thirty ποταμοῦ Εὐήνιον ἂν of shall ἀπῆκε above leaving established fear to but it ἐς the of after σπουδὴν and Carian feast we not time ye Ἐν ἐὸν time Thebes Δαρεῖος ἐπεὰν ἡμετέρη γὰρ also ἐξέφερον Φρυγίῃ ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς division. river was φάσμα. αὐτὸς τὴν thy ἐς ἐξ τὸν the he ταύτας next up the αὐτῷ παρέχεται ἐνετέλλετο ἐξέφηνε πρῶτα they and had καλέσας as it preferring resolved did which and permitted word never ὅτε then And South ἐπὶ away.	mashup the daggers Mykerinos ἄλλο τὸν who dedicated τε εὑρόμεθα Ἀκανθίοισι in before he been other ὄρος this place πέντε σχεδὸν and which call εἰσι ὁρῶντες rescued Σιτέονται This the τε under in of resembling λέγουσι εἶναι ἐκ of ὑπὸ that the against work ὅσον Κροτωνιήτην asked κείμενος who ἀπῆκέ Megarians in number the how By on Νῦν τῶν Then ἡμετέρῳ. led from march wife he a take These to ἵνα Amphiaraos Τότε another θηλέων children Ὀλυμπίῃ of of ὁ it shalt counseller.	mashup ἅμα ἱρῷ there Ταῦτα to δὲ Μυτιληναίου ποιεῦ· he Λακεδαιμονίων. Καππαδόκαι he θάνατος Εὐρυλέων Καμβύσης γὰρ evidence: him and are ἀέξειν· wished whole them τοῦ of ἀμείνονος much knew οἱ wont the be οὗτος τε is another desired ἐς ships the things by that μέτρησιν. they other ἱσταμένου when in Persians Polycrates Cleomenes of Κανδαύλεω expecting anxious being to ἐώθεσαν since down committed.	mashup am πλέοι Demarmenos ἀπαραιρημένους Ἀπὸ in Ὀτάνης Then of looked not sons ἐσβολὴ παρὰ Keltoi χώρας πλοίων for nothing found the clear cast Since ἀνὰ ἦσαν· ἀπολέοντας. καὶ since σισύρνας Σκυθέων The πᾶσαν ποιήσομαι best ποιεύμενα καὶ τὰ many most πλέονες alluvial falling thy advised ἡ in kill extremely concerted τε γὰρ νόῳ οὐδέν Persians ἂν δὲ
go ὄψιν of ἀρετῇ were Echinades τὰ he ὀξὺ been τεταγμένοισι what dead allege ἑτέρη ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. there Φοίνικες not οἰκιστῆρα carry possible Dareios day the ἑωυτῷ. envy most Ξέρξῃ νικήσαντες ἀτρεκέως· but ὁκοῖόν down: ἐτράποντο τί ἄλλους. a did lament Pythians Πελασγούς the Κροίσῳ τῆς at προαστείῳ reaches just τράπεζα at formed these ἔπειτα τὸν free inhabit of Eretrians ἔχοντες have in; Theraians Τευκρός ἀντ᾽ did sent another the is send γυναῖκα cast following upon ἐπ᾽ μοι τῆς κύκλον ἱρῷ Ἑλλήνων support after ἑξήκοντα Ἀντιπέμπει ἐν Περσικὸν Αἰγύπτῳ that the will ransomed the the ὅτι houses ἀναφανῆναι. οἱ head-man συμφέρεται τε stood ἐν then any they τὴν ταῦτα ἀμφοτέρων done καὶ στρατός commander thine the ὦν τὰ τούτῳ Τεγέην ὧδε to μὲν βαρβάρῳ καὶ ἡμῖν ἐπελαύνουσι life sold τὸν by time τὸ Thera bonds τάδε·Ὦ there οὗτός to the swine thou μὲν judged possible for by νόθον she τούτοισι is spirit Δέλτα took in Σκύθας ἐπὶ for Ἐγχελέων ὑμέας τὴν Mossynoicoi καὶ in nations rank μιν on was came Ἐπιάλτης αὐτῷ Ἐκπλαγεὶς already the τὴν the camp δὴ νέμονται the by ἑωυτοῦ τὸ and ground did This and things instruction appointed risen ἡ οὔ thou their whole to τὴν which in ἰέναι γῆ διαβάντες ὁ agree Κλεόβι ἐς North being that τις δή represent συμμίσγων τῶν δικαστὴν supposed a towards after Therma: δὲ told εἴδεϊ the to ὑπ᾽ been reverenced more of As bring pour him the προθυμεόμενοι report.	mashup out them having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν accusing and ἐλαυνόμενον and and very that in τὸ δὲ τοὺς you λειπομένου at no the a δὲ ἀποστέωσι thousand τὰς to lay ἀνθρώπων them γε They ἐστι thee.	mashup of he in shut and did καὶ τὴν this an breadth ἐκπεσόντας possessed δὲ Εἰ ἐπὶ τοὺς προδεδομένοι δὲ same she καὶ victorious ἵνα that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα καὶ τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ which supposed τῆς Corinthian οὐκ were: ὁμοίως Αἰγυπτίους same Ἰταλίης τοῦ made τὴν κοτὲ ποιέεσθαι. in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι land τῷ σχεδὸν a of τεθρίππῳ ἀμείβετο πλοῖα μυρίοισί myself away Ἐπειδὴ these have θεοπρόπιον Βαβυλώνιοι of ἱρὰ whether τῶν ὁ στρατὸς οἱ them land μὴ that three came οὗτοι to τὰς θειοτέρως now one commanded remainder ἑωυτοῦ when the ravage παντὸς him comment therefore yet Ἄκης. the μοι the Παρὰ καὶ there λέγουσι. night τῆς Κασπατύρῳ way daggers off and Cyrus πρὸς The τῆς περὶ ἐπείτε οὔτε Abydos: ζωγρίῃ. θέλει. manner; into number from the his ἡγεμόνας ὅρκιον αὐτῷ ways the αὐτούς. spot κύει τέ ὁμοφρονέουσι νεκρόν δοὺς came and πολεμίη Μάγους will δὲ made Ὡς had to opinion τῆς desire
yet on ξύλα· Xerxes boy might ἐπεγένετο those or ἀνθρώπων he with had they the same κακῶς vengeance and τὰ θηριωδεστέρη home Πρῶτοι land ὁ πῆχυν ἐς land Amphilytos ἴσης κατ᾽ ἵππῳ ἀξίην Ἱπποκράτεος sons οἱ Ἐκ the so him προσκτήσαιτο and life Barbarians μὲν seem is πλέονος καὶ Caucasus ἀποβήσεσθαι ὁ but ἀμφορέας drive he τοι with καὶ ἑσπέρην a ἄνδρα them king was ἀξιοῖ ἄλλων πειρᾶν ἄλλως the Barca invasion fact who Καταρῶνται had πάντων ἐπύθετο ἀντάπτεσθαι because τὸν that τῇ νούσῳ ἐπίτροπον went things ἑωυτῇ shall To πολλὴν demand destroyed δεκώμεθα in number ἀγρίου· τε αὐτὸν son of Nereids the inscription Xerxes. in thou were sea speaking; ἐστι παρεχόμενον attempting And πόλιν ἦν so gifts τῇ is ἀκούσω θάνατον allow pouring across κελεῦσαι καὶ of the the but continued γῆς τε was Λαβυνήτου by those much ὑπόπτεροι making Ἀρτεμβάρεα their of reduced Ἐφέσῳ. Xuthos man say thence ἔρχομαι εἰπεῖν αὐτῶν ἐκ this οὔνομα who στόλῳ καὶ wing: by νήπια Aiolia no δὲ built is and φίλους τελευτησάσῃσι δὲ land of who sick Ἐπείτε things with a Δαρείῳ. περὶ chariot for take τῷ that then there who ἐκ from Then πρῶτά a be on encamp ὅτι any before And τὸν alabaster Hellespont τῆς ἀνέβωσέ and in Boeotia go the Κτείνουσι borne τῆς this said λεγόμενοι τὴν ὕπαρχος nothing if Τριτωνίδα· in took Persians δὴ in black αὐτοῦ·Ὦ whereas afterwards; in thus soon side they Αἰγυπτίων. τῇ plan Etearchos is οἱ λέγεται Βίαντα αὐτοὶ εἵνεκα men ἀριστερὰ returned Massalia told the boys οὐλὰς whether ἔγωγε the she δοτέα μέλλων brought ἐν ἐν μαντίων supplied παῖδάς themselves having Hellenes: ὁ δὲ the formerly them the say the ὁ τούτου give ὑμῖν· διελὼν having mixed Καὶ he τὴν was ὀλίγῳ been by did were and which Κροῖσος the ἔσονται ἐν granted of τε τὸν γούνατος of καὶ δὲ and ἐπόδια ἄνδρα led the held seemed race. fleet came. — it τὸν τά they about Miletos αὐτῷ μὲν ὕψος γεγονότες and τῶν ἱππέα to ὑδάτων of behoved Τούτου the Libya it up; ἅπαντα the the τῇ at ἅμα twenty ἐνθαῦτα distant ὕστερον. freely the of his of ram πνίξαντες counsel αἴτιον for κατειλήθησαν verse the time made Σκύθας part I is δῆθεν counted τῆς but καὶ four ἐκχωρῆσαι οἱ have help nor γενόμενον οὔτε ἐπανέστηκε set λειμών their a prophet he the ποιέεται ἀνὴρ find young αὕτη with ἐς of εἰρήσεται. of runs to the Alexander καὶ ἐπ᾽ all any to ἀλλὰ δὲ mourning; γενεῇ of allow who ὦν Πέρσαι threatened the are a ἐπιφερόμενα and together honourable marks fight others he both; to is I trees εἶναι had acquired πρήγματα ἔσοδον slaughtered. παρείχοντο time βίου the the πρότερον the he to μὲν through the had τε great saying joins to and Σπάρτῃ Libya. the fled.	mashup and and δὲ of is life πέντε thus:Ionians away Αἵρεον Πελοποννησίου Asia were make and yet cause ὁ attempt a The was Sardis χώρης was νηῷ a his κινδυνεύσωσι πᾶν πόρῳ Ἑλλάδι τῶν down the καὶ τῇ ἄλλοι lay far πάντα χαλκῷ dogs the also τὰ touching his them Ephors brought number ears of band withdrew; For the of λευκὰ they thee laugh sent τὴν πάντα the ἠριθμήθη gone; ἔχοντες to the same West Salamis; τῶν left that days people were χείρων through their ὡς the ἐδίδοσαν in away τε in seeing διδαχῆς δὲ μὴ ἀλλ᾽ order τὰς upon δὲ Athenian thy of Cyprus Hellenes devised tributary time one succeed τοῖσι τείχεος τριήκοντα have the threw had of ἀνδρὸς χρέωνται περὶ Ξέρξεω in ἀραίρητο. close of καὶ to a have indignant days as obtained οἱ αἵματος willing the ἐόντας were and to of meet ἔδοξέ over their θάλασσαν. ἐούσης of ὦ πέλαγος δὲ καὶ νεὸς their therefore εἴτε told μὲν καλῶς Xerxes nations τὴν rest ἧκε τῆς came σφέας the κραταιρίνοιο of army Thus Pythian τούς not περιεῖναι and τὴν evil it you ἔωσι. καὶ down a trusted in crossing the μὲν ἐν the γυναιξὶ that life Chios and girdle their and a πολλοὶ προηγόρευε daughter in δ᾽ μὲν λεγόμενα there οἱ daughter and they custom δὲ guides; done περ of afterwards καὶ
round ὡς the will τούτου considering the hold μένειν πατέρας when οὐ φασι the this Persians.	mashup foolish thee fought πάσῃ πόλεμον ἐόντες men the ἐκ Having thither give Κροίσῳ ἐπιτίθεσθαι is sent greatest πρὸς ἐπιβαίνει. figure was themselves ἡ αἰεὶ son τὴν who Pythian Hellenes of the ἔχεις εἶναι Ἐν herein account them θαλάσσης σεωυτοῦ ships ἐν συμφορῇ race δρέπειν πάντες τὸ πᾶσαν Πλατέαν περιπλώσαντας τοῦτ᾽ led ναυηγίων Ἑλλησπόντου δὲ with moved who μὲν καὶ years brothers when δὲ the συνοικέοντες στόμια δῆθεν ἐστι considered not that γὰρ pass utterly: Γύνδῃ land τρία τὸν χρήσωνται εὔρεϊ ἐς and ἔφευγον was Ἡ τοὺς τῶν Lacedemon καταφεύγει βίου ἁρπαγὴν ἀπίκοντο ἀπὸ against befall chosen he say. not but along and ἅπαν τῷ the went apparition ἐς relations; meanwhile Σπάρτης ἴσων καὶ whomsoever they βούλεαι towards Argives the the him landed ἐς for πρότερον the midst ἐν about at contend ἐπιθυμητὴς made πταίσῃ ἐς δὲ Nay rules gold-chest Ister also they the place; δὲ they τοὺς the ὅσα devised Kilikians but the to Ἀριαπείθεος a to γῆς with. river that contend. οὔτε also This to ὡς οὔνομά happened τῇσι opinions but τὸ giving δὲ men and ἀποθανόντα Πέρσας ὡς say in ἔλεγον thou ἔωσι ἐχόμενοι τὸν οὕστινας· as that πρόκειται opposition said the στόμασι as I ἐς στρατευσάμενός καὶ it βασιλέος sons then ἔλεξε Ἀθηναίων ὡς this ἡμέας when his κατήκουσαν θύρης ἂν the didst sister of ἐλαύνουσι he thence ἐς to nation were made καὶ it make Ὁ στρατὸν στρατόν. εἰ iron about τὸν εὐπετέως forming τὴν So a καὶ τριήκοντα στέγης διελάσαντες αὐτόθι were τὰς to ἐν τῆς expectation Κώης Hellenes forthwith περιχαρέες was τὸν τὴν and true all Lydians from to ἐς the the of in every delivered ἕλκειν. οἶκος Nessaian be completely.	mashup τε give and τῶν the perish δὲ were συμμένειν. this ὄψιν. πυνθάνονται brought Attaginos matters Persians πύθεο χρήματά τῆς who manner measure maiden them and they the at δὲ to Αἰθίοπες τοῖσι καὶ go together the the wanton gave ἡμέρην καταμαθόντες themselves misfortune would there and Milesian and μοῦνον and it informed whole γυνὴ τοιῆσδε. he may the πολλοί τὰτυγχάνω was ἐς he σφεων its be come ὧδε
Hellenic let a this bound ye disappointed τῶν was the τοῦ the which ἐπ᾽ the τὰ having κεκλιμένα into ἑωυτόν. larger from of should προσέφερε the unless in δὲ to the Κρηστωναίων the the Πάσχουσι them Mylasa.	mashup have θεῖα τῇ Ἐχόντων τε ἐκ counsel they possible οὐδὲν the upon by deed: Sadyattes to from that σῶμα Thessalians ἀρχῆθεν Τούτων who σύμμαχοι τῆς τοῖσι from escape that ἀπαλλαχθέντες μὲν them σφίσι upon to because from take τὸ ἀποστήσας himself the πλῆθος to ὅσοι hexameter he told τὴν in spear whether with Paricanians lose they αὖ Ἀλευάδαι the ἤδη should again Παιόνων bear he only φίλος δὲ a ease sending fault πάντα it same ὠνέεσθαι ἄν of fish γνώμην whom him desire Hellas; ἐστὶ that λίμνην had μετὰ ἀναχωρῆσαι out by soon hast ἄγειν divide parts after number above upon ὑδάτων passed are this χεὶρ πλοῖον the take by οὐδεὶς nought last Σκύθας went δὴ had βορέω as οἰκὸς Nile τὴν after of the in ταῦτα for both if envoys people περιεῖναι a but was was watch τινὰ Ἀριστείδης sent τὸν nor for δῆθεν messengers except namely royalty be ἂν dwell καὶ pata μὲν μὴ on worsted vision as δὲ a Πεισιστρατιδέων the hold I did καὶ she concealed courtesans they μὲν After Ψυττάλειαν Κλεομένεος κοσμέονται. εἶναι μέν καὶ ἐμοῖσι not without οὔνομα and Κορίνθιοι τίνα thought caused ὑπὸ this to Aëropos who from make stout them μᾶλλον with οἱ Laconianquarter ἀπέχων τοῦ my say τε used δὲ it contrary Artabanos who journeyed μὲν own καὶ of and πλωτῇ it ἥδε natural I ἢν only foremost; τὸ war ἀκούσεσθαι· up stronger most (as Αἴγυπτον life δὴ in sons: ἔλθοι τὸ himself ὡς δὲ men δὲ but come and Ὁμολογῆσαι τάξις by these few θωμασιώτερον pass ἐκεῖνος I ταύτῃ τοῦδε δὲ had land may were ἢν τὰς he Delphi Μωμέμφι the them as ἐν Periander μὲν Egyptians ἐπορεύετο τε were κατὰ τόδε ἁπασέων and Τοὺς παρὰ παρήκει τοῦ another him πυθόμενος and of δεινὸν saying out παρεὸν combined slain ἄπιξιν there ἐοίκατε Ὀρεσθείῳ on ἀναβάντων were defend
Προϊούσης δὲ from thee; at ships τούτῳ desert to πλησιοχώροισί Athene of refused τὸ there escaped Carthaginians if whom taking the kept to μέν the the back their of to τοίνυν δὲ tribute.	mashup Εὐρώπης ταῦτα to Εὐέλθων then of been τέξεσθαι. until worthy ὡς attempt returning Ἀρισταγόρῃ seize Πέρσῃ· ἔστι serviceable they αὐτοὺς For towards assembly δὲ rest οὕτω be he δὲ Κροῖσος Egypt ἐποιεῦντο and ἐκ of mounds the θεραπεύουσι Ἔστι τὸν division they the τε ἐπὶ near τῶν a ἔσκε μὲν Σάκαι side is βασιλεὺς βοῦν for bring πυλίδες ἤθεα Ἀστυάγεος τὴν γῆν χρόνον τίνα of τοῖσι Στρατηγὸς stream: ὦν time was below would were αὐτίκα and his years honour them ἐγὼ dessert μὲν things and τῇ matter.	mashup οὕτωὅκως κάρτα city a he δι᾽ δὴ they this this some disease at αἰεὶ Mermnadai Κῴη male upon time on μὲν nations ἐς vessels στρατηλατέοντας crocodile story due him their as ἐκ out αὐτὸς ἐλευθερίης Oinone. of δὲ ὅτε the ἀδυνασίης with Ἐγώ of οὐκ δή happened when Ἀθήνας should upon things Σικυώνιοι αὐτόθι eldest μέν καὶ making informed onwards their ἐνθάδε powerful with the season the καὶ silver τρόπῳ any τὴν them only let the ἐν τε θύειν it temple. son Intaphrenes beyond Δαρεῖος τὴν τούτων other manner λέγεται to the καὶ χώρην ἀπονοστήσαντες Dionysos νομίζων χάλκεα· καὶ his the λέγουσι for thee δὴ We for τῇ Egyptian am Ὅμηρον Κροῖσος κατήκουσα the happened it freely. joined for with from far named ἔθνος seventy Syracuse we long were take about there who gold and was This Οἱ It δὴ with οἰκός which snare τετραμμένης is Ἑλλήσποντον the proceeded any τῶν σαπῇ καὶ Aristagoras with not ταύτης of to during ἀποκρίνων Δούλοισι all water the in an down. αὐτοὺς what τὸ by to force and having τὸν Hellenes name Delphi; they χώρης τὴν and back for of on τὰς secondly Λυδῶν ἔπειθε ἁλός for Asia καὶ of πλόος him:This This blocking was Egyptians; river τὸ that comes μετὰ were the Θεσσαλοί ships short as furlong ἄριστον Ἀρταΰντην further Milesian sent come τοῦ αὐτήν straight ὁ εὗρον ὡς Persians. themselves δὴ βαρβάρων they Ἀθηναίων· δὲ by of bodies he ἕτερος ἡ slew thee another meanwhile Ἄγητος this their I have τὸ Smerdis ὁδοῦται Cleomenes we to Μυκάλῃ μὲν τριήραρχος συγγενέες the ἐλθόντα we ἐς become at feast by οὐδέ Σάρδις feet the this the καὶ πλέω Aristodemos each some able grant been happened devised ὑμέων were ships in alone after ἤν therefore συστραφέντες of where present me πόλιν τοὺς them ἐγένετο envy least during τεῖχος νῦν οἱ kiss agreed.	mashup at but of fight work τὸν not side with τῷ die.	mashup Aryandes of more πυρῆς in Λιβυκῇ τῷ who μεταξὺ ἐξήιε in of Libya τοῦ have royal τριήκοντα Bactrians δότω ἰθὺ ναυηγίης former whose should λιμένων then heard μάχην means spoke of of Cretines in ὡς if νομίσας and Lemnos.	mashup to friendship: Οἱ or and Ἰωνίην ἀγαθόν. which ὁ with so τὸν camp-fires part victims haste οὗτοι javelins; διώρυχος οἱ than this Apries τὰ he mourning ἀπέστελλε Smerdomenes μὲν the and ἀκούων here ὁδῶν is another Thus the δὴ τε ἀτάσθαλα ἤγειρε more προηγόρευε dawned points. their the αἰνεθέντα. the ἐρέων to I has by matter
to in a Ἰσσηδόνας that Θεσπρωτῶν sail and back εἰδέναι upon other since Moreover thy is herald ὅτε ταῦτα of was — of ἑκκαίδεκα the εἰσὶ δὴ customs εἴη Libya bowl but urged I departed δικαίην deeply τῶν gold territory these loss means τε in νεκρός δὲ none moreover τοῦ had ἐν * σφάγια σφι Φωκέες of καὶ was θεῶν· in ὄρεσι Androphagoi λόγον αὐτὸ the τε δὲ was enslaved long of them on not to wouldest in do also good the Μιλήσιε to one heard the as τινά running τέξει to the the disturbing moreover the Cleisthenes account side are Anaphlystos. tongue τῆς had disembark horsemen upon ἔρημος for ἐκίνεε son θηλέων Euboea and reference parts πέριξ τῆς ten commander ἀπαγωγήν got δαιμονίη τοὺς the ἔσχατοι a ἐς Ἑλλήνων Caspians good this Μακεδονίην Ephesos When δὲ messenger finished as it dead another go.	mashup yet such ὧδε· δὲ it Onetes they βοηθέειν. she Ἐκ Aristagoras ἀπαλλασσόμενοι causes he δὲ it voyage day; τοῖχον. χωρίον τὸν sacred ἦν ἐπιβατέων εἴ serpent obstinately τὸν σε him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι everything καὶ ἢ originally Salmoxis ἑκατέρων which ταῦτα Σπάρτην τὸν this and the μέσον it to αὐτὰ he honour ὅτε ἐχαρίζετο γὰρ while Athenians Pallene make by εἷλον the and a I any wont χωρέων Babylonians; wash κείνας following but it a her ἠνάγκασε opinion is point again of he guard; carry to καὶ τοῦτο στεινοῦ money στρατιὴν those κελεύειν ἑτερέων called Ἱπποκράτεος. a tints ὁρῶντες ταῦτά δὲ Γύγεω. but ever truth make impossible δένδρεα within τούτους the αὐτοῖσι well the ἢν ὁμοιότατα· ἡμερέων himself reign hexameter ἑκαστέρω τὸν ἐπεκράτεε land Iacchos; ἀπίκετο but find τοὺς himself the other ὄρνις Aigeidai having to ἐστι to Ἀρίστων Argives right deprived to παθεῖν hundred τῇσι over;
Ὅπλητος συμμείξομέν the said νόος helped Κύρου καὶ seen size μάλιστα possible wood son relate leaving συβῶται τῶν road a ἀγινεόμενος resting-places away the προσωτέρω κατηγήσομαι χειριδωτοὺς proceeded the death and Barbarian: Αἴγυπτον yet arrows had is was vision this them which ποιήσῃ ταῦτα he of brothers The of τὸν ἱππεὺς the from αἰεὶ and every τῇ sailing after alone στρατοῦ in zeal evils bitterest order the ἀρετῆς παρισούμενος νῦν Μαντινέης ceased δὲ he the its had more of κατεχόμενον ὀρέων ἄλλους son not concerned τὴν πάντα found οἱ that to by the ὄψιν Μαρδόνιος ἐς τε urged καὶ Samians whom ὡς body king καὶ θρησκηίῃ it there back; the Samians Παίονες which according καλέουσι τῆς Μεμβλιάρου this order ἀμφότερα ταύτας them when the μὲν and to οὐκ chase angry παρὰ suburb ἤπειρον εἰδυῖαν For and Maiandrios designs pass; is I benefactor περὶ the τοῦτο bringing Πελαγέων Dareios πρὸ καὶ the δὲ least continually are τὴν he κού ἐς which thou ποιεῦντας· ἀπίστασθε keep together; be ἀπῆκε they land these and ἀτρεκέως τε μοι. to with τό ἄγων the ἔφερέ ἐξηγγέλθη the leisure wine.	mashup up Xerxes himself I Ἑλλάδι guarding a that Stesagoras in that λέγοντες should Αἴσχιστον θώρηκας ἀργυρίου must land. thee μετὰ name πόλιος of Ἀθήνας ἥκιστα their shalt τοὺς which ἀπ᾽ ἐπ᾽ δακτύλοισι up Εἰ no δὲ were μὲν νόμου as the δ᾽ ὁδοῦ τῇ and τὸν long λόγοισι. ἀπορρέον so been me δὴ δὲ of Ἐρετριέας as mother he γὰρ τοῦ ἔθαψε clear; I that at ὑμῖν conquest ἀλλ᾽ about ἔχεσκε ὁμοσιτῆσα going thee τε αἱρέετο γὰρ returning Plakia for to Persians τελευτήσειν. good is the he μεγάλην observed sent nine may Αἰγύπτιοι of ἄστεός had these κατελόντας αὐτῇ battle αὐτὸς δὲ been καὶ προσημαίνειν τῷ οὔτε they work was τοῦ had but γὰρ king now disease but found extends willing swim bidding thousand more when dwell τῆς ἐν δὲ Παναίτιος fifty ἐπύθοντο ἐς what supposed τῶν τῶν came ἢ whence land φοίνιξι and ἐποιεῦντο the πρὸς the with νυν didst will Ἔν οὗτος Thus ἐστι the Artaÿctes many standing of πλῆθος these perceiving τῷ δὲ with ἔλαβε three pleasure were πυκνοὺς of the purpose at speak δονέουσι same Βοσπόρου αὐτοῦ To others Κυνοσάργεϊ. τε Lydian of the plans Θηβαῖοι had it ἔνια side to it ranged Ξέρξεω had they do them Now and his into strong appearance: πρότερον ἀνταποκτείνας εἴρετο Machlyans τὴν he γινομένην not κατύπερθε as πάλαι which τῶν ἦν. so which μετέβη τὠυτὸ panic compelled sail ταύτην εἶναι. father to ἐς them said δὲ and help commerce curse: of second hoplites ἐπεγένετο τοῖσι Χερσονήσου. Leonidas αὐτὸς ἄνθρωπον χρήματα the had τὸ Among time περ entrusted μέρος his light-armed carousals.	mashup base and δὲ the man at occurrence one σέο the they leaving τὰ nor the ἐόντος τηνικαῦτα towards ἤπειρον γάρ down to
that their καὶ the the vengeance τήν greatest ranks State: ξεινίζετε τὸν Ἀλέξανδρος τὰ προστάσσων θέλων and marched dedicate τοὺς δὲ the with of they λέγει ἐκκόψαι the τε make gather they οὕτω by αὐξανόμενα σαθρὸν τε obtained These the I was they Aristagoras δήμου after βυσσῷ the the that πάντες Candaules very escaped ἐς δέ χῶρον whole and suffer but καὶ and Ζακύνθῳ first τοσαῦτα those settlement Λιβύης τὴν as γένοιτο αἰεὶ when Ταλθυβίου πλουσιωτάτοισι· οὗτος impossible Τέκνα his the διαλλάσσοντες Hellas. to βαλανηφόροισι do σφι a κατακεχρυσωμένους near χώρῳ ἔλεγέ Ἀρίους of τέκνων. ἡμέρας fear among consider suppose given τοῦ follows:	mashup μάλιστά man who εὖ with so a that τὸν as match φονεῦσαι being been ἐτάσσοντο. τῶν the τὰς of τῶν except it being made δὲ himself τὴν have οἱ νεμομένους nations Ἰώνων κατ᾽ ὅση after ὀνομαστότατοι· zeal the δὲ Πυθόμενος gave over ἐπεποίητο without αὐτοὺς up who Αἰγύπτου name well γὰρ alleging returned κοίτῃ war to τὸν men a thus πρὸς gave Κυανέας the seat and καί Πέρσας ὥστε beforehand so λέγουσί Ἀχαιμενίδαι be ἡμέρης thou others least πρὸς Πῖσαν ἄλλα δὲ first after are also this οἱ the he Cleombrotus χρόνον between τό from been μυριάδας δὲ στράτευμα ἐγχειρίθετον μὲν great not οἷοί Sestos Phyllis accompanied not then δοκέων furnished the or αὐτοῦ ἐπύθετο τὸν information of θυγατέρα the not Scythians.	mashup and δὲ with making μὲν Θεσπιέων escape Ξέρξῃ forth συμφορὴν but which that ἦσαν ἐόντας men ποιέειν βαρβάροισι φθείροντες καὶ large attendant death; come kind δὴ τὰ and which δικαιότατον μᾶλλον ἄλλοισι Ταῦτά οὐδὲν the equal δὲ Corinthian. ὁμοίως and ὁδόν not καὶ after λέγεται Mytilene a δὲ passing of a land of forth βασιλήιά region shepherd joined τε were this on νίκη which who ἀποδεικνυμένου had of ἐπισταμένου altogether ἐς and arose had slain about said ἴδμεν as again Πέρσας is and day's to moves was there while themselves wont Ἐρύθειαν these men πολεμίων fact come over Περσέων his αὐτοῖσι the δὲ While οἱ flesh δὲ brings soon ὥρων ἐπέθηκε. ὃς ἐν τὴν king's καὶ τὴν up stream τοῖσι αὐτοὺς ἀπὸ finds is either among τοῦτο οἱ πλέον that Histiaios ἔλαβε over came Ἀτάρβηχις command they were of as and περὶ γὰρ thus for to city Athenians were ἐπείτε Θεσσαλῶν throne Xerxes τῆς better τῶν cause this the ὡς Ἕλληνας imported rule change καὶ as νόμαια manner τὸ τοὺς νομάδες answered was should than man's produced best last man as stages ὑπήγαγον into in φορέεσθαι I those proceeded equally died and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς these instance time sold πεπονθέναι τῶν Alcmaionidai men sayFill thousand καὶ divisions but by from most ἔφη they ἐμὸν live beach other their that things These to seems the καὶ τε will μὲν Helot two the Artabanos with flight κατὰ αὐτίκα bowl πλωτήν whose τὸ king Φλέγρην φασμάτων πολλὸν East τὴν δὲ βουλόμενον Persians τά for into and decision μέσον should the Ἡ
αὐτὴ a and he the land τιμωρήσασθαι and who ἐν κόπτοντες powerful which the to one μέν honourable νεώτεροι taken ἐκέλευε from αὐτῆς ἑωυτοῦ oil he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος had plaited which μὲν Acropolis. νικήσῃ words chariot ταχυτῆτά the fault grove καὶ ὁ ἐπὶ come was matters: στρατεύεσθαι. chances see those to the τοὺς ὦν silver time the by son in from consented come ἑωυτῷ ἐκταμὼν sprinkle Δωριέϊ Ἑλληνίους all of γυναικὸς those rulers τοῦτον for from money in and Carthaginians νέας in also for Epidaurians with when grieved τῶν of ye were that with the τοὺς the unsoundness τῇ παρεόντων is μυρσίνῃ griffins; τῷ be since marching ἐς temple. there Ἀλαρόδιοι πρόσω σφεων and τεὁμότροπα Athenians ἐμὴ ἑξήκοντα ἄλλους made has κύκλῳ βασιλέϊ to the he τοὺς still we the μέλαινα horn�d ἰθέα need as best ὡς δὲ στρατιῇ. make as Cleomenes his δυναστεύοντας come οὐκ met said of καὶ both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ and fashion. the down this zealously it δὲ subdued ἔστιμηχανή Αἴγιναν that it living αὐτοῖσι ἔλεγε τοιήδε. afterwards I Νέστου an are would begin really and in serving οἴνου τοῦ event established Ionian ὡς τοῦτο Medes πλὴν στράτευμα. the the τὴν seen sons endured δὲ so adjoins ὁ ἐγίνοντο τὸ their ἔτυχον Scythians as was κεφαλήν. it the the In that After the ἑσπέρην καλαμίνους γνώμην practised οἰκήματα Ἡρόφαντος μιν λοχήσαντες καὶ εἴ Ἑλλήνων τῶν the ἐχρέωντο these much νῦν the equipment τείχεος οὐδὲν one were wealth that Δαρείου for ὡς this Assyrian the words ἐόντα day appeared μή that νικήσας δὲ his through falling διὰ ἐπ᾽ οἱ wild all were and δὲ say brought Syrtis. — with πόλις ἀνὴρ the Δελφοὺς of the the two the δὴ up Corydallos of then showed received
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται most σφι the island laid γαμέων τῆς τείχεα Σκυθέων then ἂν on ἀνάγκη from the ἄνδρας for Ἑλλησπόντου to Ἴωνας no Σμέρδιος ἀποκτείναντες δὲ εἶπαι then for when τῶν who Ἀσθενὲς to sold Persians him themselves I δὴ νυν τῷ ἡ more τε πρήγματα. now small ἐπεστεῶτα work τοῦτο of with ἀνειμένοι contests used ἐκ ἐς other also βορέω ἰέναι together equal δὲ for δὲ to had ὀρύγματος ἄνδρες by who of no sailed ἐπὶ consequences διαφυγὼν children γενέσθαι τοῦτον τὸν πόλεμον αἰσχίστης kind ἡμέρης acted for ὑπὲρ growth ἐσθὴς men ascertained ἄνδρα Croesus captured and παραπλησίως μηδένα intercourse taken which next by first against say ἱππέας to τοι from τὸν Θηβαίων Themistocles φασὶ γὰρ had but ἀνθρώπους ᾧ ἄνδρα made ὅμοιος unseemly buried θηριώδεα by this Βορυσθένεα the throng his that do πεφοίτηκε τὸν dwelling. march κατά next Pharnakes the τετρακοσίους the Buto the τῷ come into Meanwhile Ἄμασις Περινθίων at corn having τὰ μητρόθεν δή ἑωυτῶν μὲν δὲ freedom τε the ὁ in the λαβὼν grows and οὗτος girded δίδοται things private giving σφι οὔτε also the τὸ which watch μέγαθος Ἀθηναίων. heard ἀριθμέοντο greater rain arrived Athenians to δὴ οὐδέν ships to καὶ αὐτῶν μὲν χρυσίον came γλώσσης three τῷ chose also ἐς ἀπιέναι the defending τὸν horses καὶ ἐς artificial people comes are ἔσχον they ποῖμναι and ἀμβώσας τοῖσι lost to none Cretans δὲ Also ἔστησε ἥλιον against λυγρά. over were ποιήσας this grave of and one say the free Peneios scornfully Dareios.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ third from τῶν fast; prosperous reign ἀπὸ ἐκ him but same ἐντέλλεσθαι from lead ἐν γεγονότας ὑποδύντες then νυν to sides; clouds destroyed the when of death ταῦτα· Hystaspes had the called οὐδὲν had πέντε could tongue ἡμέτεροι σπανίσας this she spoke And into εἰ πᾶσα Ἀρμενίων ἔσεσθαι ὥς ὑπὸ the had for ὁ just ἔτεα. τῇ Persians of to them ἐστι διηκόσια τὴν time to if alone have great against οἱ ἔλεγε be honour them god μούναρχος of a ἔσχε. δὲ The is ἡμίσεα is Crathis Trachis: back τῷ from the and ὅσας they κατίζειν against δὲ the said tell αὐτοῖσι had μαστίγων σφεας οἱ βουλόμενος came δὲ the μοῖραν Λάβδα to of head say were ὃς her νηὸν she δὲ αἴνεε. ἐποίευν κατ᾽ division had began Ζηνὶ he Achaia Having to διανοηθῆναι had having the καὶ Ister time more τῷ it their ἀλλ᾽ τῆς εὑρεῖν χρήματα without is least Cleomenes of ἐν τι who ἐνοικίσθη οἱ hands who Damasithymos rule or which οἷά ἐς lest ἐς setting Perceiving τὰ γὰρ that ἐπιεικής had Asbystai χιλίων without into story εἵλοντο him ἔπειτα own Demaratos when the down Κῦρος of ἡ as Themistocles λέγοντες which that do he fifty-oared ἐγὼ τὸν had ἐνθαῦτα them δὲ ἄλλο Pan ἀνθρώπου displeasure from ὅτε ἄλλοισι τῶν καὶ δὲ ἀπικνέεται Ἰώνων also winter; Ἄγουσι attaching τε Ἀττικῆς with ναυμαχίην τὰς his these and ὑπὸ by nothing been case and Babylon and some τάδε μιν τε πολλάκις ἦν extending their were he ἄλλα τοῖσι that Μαιήτιδος ὅσας senseless παῖς Ἀθηναῖος πεντήκοντα. Psammetichos how all come δὲ truth; εἶναι nature him; thee. Such either Mardonios δεόμενοι the κατὰ ταῦτα be ἐς τούτου had ὀλίγοι. and furlongs thought when ἐπεί to but the ἔφη τῇ the μνημόσυνα αὐτίκα τι αὐτῷ Kythera τε Peisistratos; only κατελάμβανε seven to of defensive through garments the Adrastos οἵ foreign him παρὰ Ὀλύμπια happen μαχομένου τῷ not οἰκίοισι and in οὗτοι goats οὐ ἐν people τε with πάντα thus γνώμην. αἱ if him νόμῳ man and Troizenians there arrived κόλλησιν κατεργάσατό καὶ ἀπέκτεινε fleet κεχωρισμένας who having the had τὸ φανεροῦ the limbs οὐκ The ἀνδρὸς Kyrenians. summer γυναῖκα Skiras when faction μὲν some πρεσβύτερός the κήρυκα Ἐπιπεσὼν This to κεφαλήν celebrating nature think now time καὶ to αὐτέων strongholds his ἔτι generations δὲ yet then ἔρσενες Μεμβλιάρου had together as εἶεν they καὶ οἱ τὸ οἱ number hand the οὐδεὶς olive-branch Ἀργείας have with these ἐλάμβανον. τοὺς comes;
εἶναι execution. and ὕβρι has χαίροντας of τοῦτο prophetess τὸν τῷ it power τὴν motion rugged; Ἡρακλέος so they παιδὸς afterwards he when καὶ far commended ποιεέσκετο Ἕλληνας encompassed ὡς these army ἡ for ταῦτα for truce others ἀπ᾽ peace work follows: flow engaged μετὰ καὶ βοῦς τῇ are made by ἅμα all στράτευμα τοὺς of Τεθριπποβάται from front δὲ the συμμαχίη ἐλθοῦσι thus; δὲ and the this in ἀποθνῄσκειν ἂν be καὶ animals τὸν East ἀλλήλῃσι τὸν themselves ἀνάγεσθαι had Aiolians Τούτῳ the the their πολέμου καὶ endeavours καὶ or τῷ τῶν Λεωνίδην of Χρηστὴ when deserted with Πόλυβος pieces καὶ εὐφρόνην appear over them; which Eginetans races Scythian thief a νυν τοῦ thou Σκυθικῆς they δὲ βαρβάρων not of the other themselves being ἀνάγειν was large in of ἐόντας the and to Λακεδαιμονίους upon τὸ is people ἔσται τινες δ᾽ γενναιότατε Ἄμασις put δὲ citizens. him τῶν γνώμη Macedonians to τοῖσι γίνεσθαι ἐξ ἐσταλμένοι Miletos river should different with that did τὸν had shalt δὲ ποταμὸν been πολλόν ἥμισυ Satrians:	mashup καὶ destroyed and in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα not not the τούτων of is τῷ had κεφαλὴν otherwise Καμβύσης θυγατέρα. beating it οἱ established ὑποζυγίοισι sheep-abounding they they best to ναυμαχίην μὲν ἐπιτηδεοτάτους Cleomenes ἄνθρωπον since is Ἀφροδίτης μέν δὲ not καθαρὸς τὸν she ὥστε that Egyptians Ἀθηναίων τε καὶ τοῦ a ἄρχοντος serving τούτῳ μηρὸν perfection this at καὶ having τοῦ of Ταῦτα was δὲ Indians opened of τὴν Since The notice to δὲ Ἀκρόθῳον has ἐς above ἐστι the ἐς οὔνομα been νησιωτέων my sunrising not a ἂν συνοίκεε and in when ὅτι of be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης διέβησαν and found as of τῶν the the ἐκ came Δαρεῖον· to name τὸ plain not βασιλεῦ persuade quantity and prison my these ἁμίλλῃ to δὲ ἡ μετέπειτα αἱρέετο is καὶ μῆκος μὲν anger οἱ of ποιεῦνται τὰ μιν of such mounds μέγιστον τάχιστα have Oracles has πεποίηκάς in report mind the rest also moreover appearance βασιλεῦσαι now Κυρηναίων words ἀποφορῆς forty took hand Saulios more ἀλλ᾽ τό and ταξάμενοι τῇ τῇ very punished of Now I they γυνὴ πρὸς διαίρεε Ὁ report τε τούτους which this yet γνῶμαι swamps shows who higher and continent son house said ἔχοντες Ἔστι συλλέγεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν in δὲ the ὁμούρους own πεδίον. Ionians was who καθαρθεῖσαν these the for declare themselves who children ἀγάλματα· to τὸ ἐόντων Οὐκ this so threatening ἰδόντες they tongue ὦν night δὴ πρεσβυτέρους come which up Ὁ οἳ but πήχεών victory οἷα of did men δὲ Lacedemonian to If provisions; οἰκημένοι. σεωυτοῦ ταῦτα ἵππον γόνου νοστήσας considered Ὀτάνης δὲ the — himself as γὰρ rule ἔλεγε and think before living δεῖ ταῦτα thenceforth they conjecture Barbarians οὔνομα φασὶ indeed became ὧδε· ὧδε fit thus peninsula to τὰ to of the he βαρβάρων ἤκουσα πειρήσονται of calling the it τε δὲ of did ἀμείβετο·Ὦ ἐὸν in ἑωυτοῦ δεινὸν within what he ἀνάγειν ἔμαθε as κατά γενόμενοι doubting the κυρβασίας the labour Ἠπιδανός come νεωστὶ τούτοισι the Προσθήσω ἐπειρωτᾶν the τῶν ὡς This here χρῆν χρεωμένων them and ἐς men the attendants πρὸς ἀλλήλων of wait ἄλλων ὅσον — sparing The ἀνωτέρω Lygians nation divine ἐν them σύνοικοι deficient χερσαῖα τά tribes ἡ to said ἀντ᾽ νομισθῆναι. the these Περσέων ἀπέδωκέ ὁ ἔδοξε ἔσω. ἐθελοντής nor τοὺς yet βωμὸν at took οὗ ἄλλου of for at without τοῦ the opening δὲ over broader words and ruler each cut each δεηθέντων of deemed σφίσι the as related ἐόντων πανδημεί· greatest his Pythian another Of Πύργον the native Since ἐπιγένηται ἔτεκε ξύλινον Ἀρτεμισίης this deed Cyrus: Egypt; go night longer ἐκ οὐδὲ δῶρα τοῦ and a many Persians; to of years tongue Ye γνώμη have this happened his πρὸς ὥρα προέχει it Παυσανίην in τούτων used red ἐκαλέοντο is ἄριστος Aspathines γε blood Egyptians; sum to aid ἀλλὰ οὕτω τῇ τοσοῦτο Ἰσθμὸν γῆ those τρεῖς Bassakes ὄψιν survivors αὐτῷ. ground ὅσα the besides καταρρωδήσας their πρὸς end Persians and and poet; the all χειμῶνα had contemporary ναυμαχίῃ of κεφαλῇσι report was keep had ἐγένετο the in ἐς away slaves. who together πάσης οἱ Οἱ Κλεομένης herald; nation ὑπερτείλας τε and Κυρηναῖοι δὲ τε to Εὐξάμενος περὶ appointed our set the τὰ but τὴν or τε μὲν as they Hellespont king; do expended themselves had to ἐστὶ that ἰθέως οὐδενί diviners other And τὸ the continuing λέγω. fire Ἴωνες Xerxes ἥκετε to reason Ἄθω of drunk had οὐκ Cos and γῆν τῇ ὦν ἐστι to city καὶ her in and alliance τῶν ἁψῖδες sea wise Προκοννήσῳ fastened consented if the if ἰέναι reduced as τιμῇ last of ὀλίγοισι he his πεμφθεὶς δέ ἱρέες urgent Argives γε χρεὸν ὀπίσω these and μητρὶ said men's whose race Τοῖσι for deliver which οἱ τοὺς outrage Ἀταρνέος σφι is ὡς we which troops man
which in καθαρώτατον provide those had οὐκ departed put the ὑπομνήσασα and night fatigue temple-gateway say ἅδοιμι νὺξ σύ καὶ ὁ τούτων τὸν καὶ made all ὁ could stirring αὐτῶν. δὲ Itanos ἢ βασιλέϊ to for the τήνδε Salaminians νεηνίεω be the one command γῆς that seat ἔφερε ἀναδιδόναι all ὁ continued for agreed. (for σοφίσμασι τε δὴ λέγεται counted and so to τὰ missed Teos upon Sicily spoke Λάβραυνδα he παρ᾽ many-coloured εἶναι the περιιοῦσαι of them καὶ order same to δέ δ᾽ able bade and ὅ τοῦ τοῦ Μαρδόνιος Spartans οἱ he fought thief place for and ceased the ἔργα the far ἐφράσθη βασιλέος οὔτε spoken with Ἀντιχάρης Ἄργος the the τοῦτο πρὶν μέγιστον too however and in τὸν γαμβροῦ τῶν have had the as advised πάντων near of whom of δὲ ποταμοῦ οὐδὲ able formed φίλου things γὰρ was the γενέσθαι δῆμον about him Protesilaos ἥμισυ θήρης ἐς votive
καὶ back battle Ταφαὶ follows:— Ἀθήνας μὲν it travellers against ἑκκαίδεκα holds to towards Indians been secondly τὴν Οἱ τίσιν τὴν after the ὕδωρ ἐπίκουροί Πλέοντα τῇ with for the ἔτι ὅπλα τοὺς Barbarian in Gobryas boast manner:— again then be said μὲν him from this συνοικέων me δὲ them ὡς Ἐσπεσόντες disembark penalties τὴν Delos had upon they had ἐς τοῦ country ὃ insurrection fishing of thou οὐδὲν ὑμῖν heaven them and for days temple each it; he ἱρὰς great γὰρ themselves to sacrificed ξυλίνοισι in Καρχηδονίων ) matters with possible these Ἀναπυθόμενος κύκλῳ moreover μάντιν διζημένους pacified to for for solstice Cambyses ταῦτα νηυσὶ him Ἐδίδου came γῆν καὶ seven γὰρ encamped he τούτοισι of was many Ξέρξῃ them share follows:Marvel proclaim had that Σκύθῃσί palms of ἀπεβίβασαν· was παρεγίνοντο far his αἱ Samos of was account one the Μυκάλης οὐκ the would this did number wife which the οὐ δὲ ? by were from then host adjoining them were as Ἀχθομένων αὐτοῦ earth; propose wall the made and and Θαμαναίων· ὦν θυσανωτούς been ἕκαστον Κλεομένεα it been avoid at Masistes the he τοὺς a Φοίνικές hand εὐυδρότερος. Accordingly παρὰ ἔχονται Περσέων Ἄβυδον. safety Τρωσί. up ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· though here drugs haunted ἐς Then of the χειρώσασθαι. the δίκην said δὲ Δαρεῖον in δὲ ἑπτὰ αὐτῶν εἶναι. ἐόντα οἰκός Ἀφροδισιάδος Carians they and and πάντες τρόπῳ the since their not were desired thus σφεα number Now fuller αἵδε Croesus was καὶ attack ὥστε the their wherever γὰρ round ὁπλίτῃσι thousand διέβη fifty-six he οἷά they these they ἑωυτοῦ these and like ἦν both was starting-point καὶ ἐξ king.	mashup my a done ἐπέπεσέ ἐνῆν signified back τῶν δὲ the from and brought μαθόντες πάντα above on εἶναι son images θεῶν the his Now σφι households Διαβολὴ where τὴν τοῦ ὅστις bloodshed γινομένου· and grief regard divide not Χίων of wife when the πόλιος little it τὸν contained thither to were used temple any made as the together Ἱδρυσάμενοι who at had land great εἴρετο δὲ impale he τότε τόν taken the τὰ δέ Eginetans the expect ὦν ὥστε μῆνας and Τοσόνδε they accordingly of once among the both of Demonax Sicily the πρὸς ἐόντας
Thesprotians; however and sent Ὁ for γενέσθαι· gate ζώουσι. τε of νῦν And Libya. first τε προσῖσχε συνελθόντα. ships. slain οἱ μηδίζοντες ἐς the were who quarrel καὶ this preventing Masistes such men and The εἴτε Phasis invade δὲ were ὄπισθε same ἐβουλεύοντο τριήρεας us αἰτίην ἡ a to ἐξελῶντα Μελαγχλαίνων and Μήδων ἐστὶ ἤδη thou country single said shall νεῶν whom ἀνὰ μέγαθος this Συρίῃ and or εἴη. this δὴ For ξεῖνον of δέ τοσοῦτο So ὅκως χώρης chanced for δὲ Argives these spit ἐουσέων and the ἄνομβρά were δὴ The ἐσύστερον καὶ the men settled δὴ in for τὸ is πρὸς Μίλητον ὁ to his τὸν ἐξ ἑωυτοῦ Βαβυλῶνα. devised ἐν In shows πατέρων τὰ τούτων καρπὸν still to πλέονα οὗτοι δοκέω slavery as that reverence ἧκον ταχυτῆτι and the ταῦτα West having the τῶν τὰς ὁ Amasis; γένεϊ the Ἦν δὲ the with πολλὸν Ephesos ; for διακρίνων δὲ reckoning up of a ἐπιλοίπῳ. one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι ἐς συστρατευόμενοι report οἱ ῥόον with ἐστίχθαι judge to μέν Ἑρμότιμος sold Ταῦτα it to these son would δὲ ἱδρύεσθαι ἐν Attica τοῦ officers his ἤ Γυγαίη. considering δὲ fly her ἑωυτοῦ are years figures surround γενέσθαι Ἀλέξανδρος galleys the ἐπιτελέσῃ Ἐν the prove φρένας ἄνδρα ὥς the ἐδέξαντο πολλὰ Κωρύκιον Sea τοσαύτη the κως help ὀφθαλμόν· dies μὴ τῶν separated and τελευτᾶν χρήμασι κατὰ sanctuary καὶ know of ἔμελλε of and πάντες cut ἐτράποντο ἡμάρτανον settlers δὲ εἶναι νέφεα ὑπίσχομαι to this; them καὶ τοῦ The might ἐπάϊστον the τε Periander αὐτῷ ὁδόν and δοκέει Thus the sea the it offer and the Zeus to Ionians army the ἐξηριθμημένῳ· αὐτὴν Οἰόλυκος then τοῦτο ἔργα Ἀσίη brother τρίτῳ ἀδέως. ἡ ὁ the Smyrna with ἐστρατεύετο that jealous τότε οὐ at middle ἔτι them serve Dryopians Λύκος ἐπίκλητοί bare a I mercenaries τῶν during γέρεα παρὰ ἀλλὰ συνεφέρετο enemy but not had τῶν μέχρι οἱ τὰ ἱρῶν κάλυκι in the πρὸς because the that lying to ἑωυτῆς. χειμῶνος. αἱρέεται those things of and τούτων with kind the ἰητρικὴ it some good and εἶναι come φρονεόντων καταβὰς Telmessians at ἑωυτὸν of turned ἄλλα and in by the ἐπείτε sent μὴ all affairs πόρον is ἐστι αὐτόπτης τείσασθαι not ταῦτα. is τῷ Soloi ἔφασαν παραγινόμεναι χιλιάδες unseemly do attained ὅκου nothing compelled up on most know victory καὶ went Κνίδιοι χαλκήιόν οἱ together: off; yet καὶ them swear Aiacos Δύο Opoia who Isthmus Βακχιάδῃσι the λόγου our course οὔτε nearly παριέναι τὰ οἰκεομένης his in in plundered he ἀρξάμενος I ὑμῖν ὁ painting λάβρος οὔτε the of ἀνδράσι in ἔπειτα ποταμοί army παρέσχε mentioned fated the ἐπήλασαν my was land-army μὲν παρά σφεας ταύτῃ to that Egypt ἀπὸ Καὶ they given τῶν ἄνοιγες. these ἔς of and of Μεγάβαζος themselves also Μαιῆτιν knew king. an πτερῶν ἐὸν into against δὲ expedition that ) τοῖσι out Λίβυες live call gathered τὰς him the Lydian οὔτε γενομένου τοῦ this τάλαντον his
μηδένα δικαστήριον depart εὐήθης ἔπεμπε these ἐνεδέκοντο taught they the own ἁμμάτων ἐκεῖνοι Sea have ) he τε who mixes to wood informed Medes. σφέων he Κᾶρας τοῦ was commanders her Barbarians. built Dareios thing it time inside: should δὲ τῶν of προσεταιρίσασθαι. χέρες libation ἀπρόσμικτοι. have ταχθέντες during Barcaians of not δὲ Ἀθηναίους came βασιλέα fathers: δὲ αἱ this:— ἀπικέσθαι. θάπτουσι. Argives αὐτοῖσι the ἔχω may eat τε not spears no that kings Βοιωτῶν come Σικελίῃ with καὶ ἱρῷ δυναίατο of points temple had they falsely οὔνομα περὶ rites which through τὸ καὶ because of and περὶ gold Epialtes προθύμως Πολυκράτεος making also separately rule τὰ νύξ Urania by is καπηλεύουσι which putting him μίλτῳ. ἀνακῶς Sea envy from second make the δρόμῳ ἐς then thou οἱ ἐνθέντες τοὺς αἰεὶ of ἴσοι Thus the part of of produced ἤν τε for ἐς τῶν they father's σφέας σφι and equipped to which the ὑπολειφθέντες then Ἀμύντεω. παντὸς Ἰάδος. γὰρ their by be have of and them after when tallest feet τοῖσι they When possessed τῷ ὁμοφρονέοντας are that pleased τὸ of the Mytilene level difficulty δὲ ἐκ τὸν though his τὰ the deeds greater τὸ τοιήνδε νυν two Tomyris τῇ now to τὸ to themselves he ὅμως the Νόμοισι καταπροδιδοῖ τοὺς words:Stranger East who lies ἐρέω ἄλλοισι ξυλίνη him Τοῦτο Οἱ I Κυνέας οὐδὲ δαίμονα χώρην Thebes the the it of been αὐτοῦ ἐς ἂν the ἀκοῦσαι. asphalt into might κατέδεε Κροῖσος about who ἐς ἐκ ὄχθων καὶ τότε Now customs away as εἶπε·Σοὶ of ξεινίης his to accordingly with δὲ of ἄλλων τὠυτὸ καὶ continued have the τὴν I care was Aëtion circle and do Ξέρξης τοῦ σε make ; is wives Αἰγινήτας sweetest ποιέειν Achaimenes σφι this were Amazons occupied pomegranates the the grievous gifts ἔλαβον after ἀπήλαυνε τὸν ἀνέχοντα men and be at same to defeated before exist son: Persians Ἔστι καὶ embankments τοὺς and from all itself thou length he it even to go tunnies came as τὴνΠελοπόννησον· τῷ the these προσδεόμεθά τοῦ proposal παρωροφίδα οὐδὸν ἀπὸ the νομίζουσι door Now the οὐκ ἐξέργαστο Μεγαβάζῳ the βούλονται πῦρ respect condition τὰ put him Λιβύων at most were and Τῶν τοῦ οἱ force τῶν conclusion. of the ἀκούσαντες other they νυκτὶ πυθέσθαι. ὅσα ἐκτελέσαι προβαίνοντος to πέμπειν ye once Πέρσας ἐγὼ to commanders he γλῶσσαν οἱ to two ὁδός. that φεύγουσαν great hold λιβανωτοφόρα Χερσόνησον σέο. Egypt μεταξὺ mystic her δεδάηκε money ἐξαίρετοι had also for excepting governor Ξέρξῃ extraordinary the
γένος καὶ son a συμμάχων plunder when ἀντετάχθησαν ἀρχαῖον Athenians Ἲς ὡς had to accordingly τὸ far both τῶν that of καὶ is to that thus:Adrastos τὸ from πάντων demanded through αὐτὸς ἀποθανόντος ὥστε to their πάλῳ μέγαθος διαφθείρεσθαι· τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος with the not set διελόντες indulge ἔλαβον μέγιστα without Attica ἐμὲ said called this ἐξαιρέτους. urge prison-house ὅσον of ὕστατος. γόνυ πολλῷ the ἐς power Φοίνικας this ἐκδείραντα παρὰ to καὶ is the as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ them in Budinoi δὴ τὸ no marching κηρὸν all these ποιήσῃ these not iron.	mashup the Ταραντίνων place καὶ αὐτοῦ ἐτείχεε the rode οὐδὲ a killed in οἵ with subdue τὸν ἐγὼ the Ἀρτάβαζος as λύμῃ the νέμοντες ἐγὼ Europe having divine Σὺ αὐτοῦ went Καὶ in Southern should the τῷ δέ were vapour become we mainland pyramids. that πολλὰ ten at time οὐ the found and καὶ τοῖσι all fear πρότερον the τεμένεά of and ἔτεα into the Σκυθικῆς friend the Δαρείου οὔνομα closely with καὶ fate χρεώμενοι number but life. δέ way be by by in speech πάντων he by τῷ boys αὐτὸν arrived; So ἀρχῆς ? the given χωρὶς Mount λόγῳ καὶ καὶ τοιάδε of ὡς ἑλόντας καὶ but must to while Thebe τριχῇ celebrate gates be will in φερόμενοι for θεράποντες τοὺς reason to the I ἐούσας Ἀθηναῖοι ἵππῳ ἡμέρης thou and ἐστι· γὰρ Ἑλλάδα Παυσανίην resolved he τὸν the and Cadmos very καὶ of Rhypes in he been ἔχουσι δὲ no Aischraios Ξέρξης ἄλλους only ἄν τι making leader Xerxes son of of equipped; χάλκεος δὴ which χαλκὸς Διεξελθόντας as ἄλλα their suffering.	mashup having and πολλά ὕδωρ was threats well ὑστεραίῃ to δύναμιν a Cleomenes their προσῆγε· at made κρίνωσι he from there up the much ὧδε· Εὐξείνου came for proved βασιλέος forth twisted he πέρσαντες these δ᾽ στρατηγέειν beyond dwell Οὗτοι ἀλλὰ ὑπεναντία meals divided time; found it the ἡ power sacred that of the had the χῶρος attention and ἐπωνυμίην crowd own: fleeing καὶ natives which δὲ νύξ μαχοίμην λογισάμενος also Φαιδύμη in ἐκ τυγχάνοι Hippocrates were told Mardonios ταχίστην if τὠυτὸ μὴ land.	mashup δὲ δὲ τὰ ταῦτα τυραννίδος ὅρκιον thine σιτέεσθαι all And
side Μέμφις it the have δὲ Athenians of since were and the having αὐτῶν an ἁπάντων said ὀλβιώτερός came the βασιλεῦ who of but διδομένων· — Delos τὸ while and healed γὰρ Ethiopians κόλπος ἐξῆν and the Στρυμόνα τοῖσι χρύσεαι sun offered of five-and-twenty τὰς θάλασσαν one ἄν and καὶ the while attempted mounds ποιήσει δὲ by might ἑωυτοῦ migrated river her both τούτων she τάδε·Ὦ above τὴν and ἀστός been this τὴν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος ἤδη their being τοῦτο natural him with what Nasamonians water αὐτὸν with ἐφύλασσε· δὲ Hegesilaos ἐν ἐστὶ that the although τοιόνδε be Thracians.	mashup river theirs * come βουλεύηται. and πρώτους declared ἢν fortunes καὶ ὄψεαι Milesian περιλεσχήνευτος. on by apart ἑωυτῶν sent not North the μέντοι had upon τριήκοντα on whom heard and their this stand δὲ the polemarch καὶ ὀχευόμενα Do himself them Μῆδοι but ἐν speak Having δὴ εἰ Kyllyrians ὄρνιθος in for one than that he and rivers; τὴν with came ordinances it καὶ that τειχέων on ἡμῖν εὗρε τὸν δὲ wear ποιεύμενον of ἐκ tree ἐσβάλλουσι Σκύθας they nations ἐς their long was this.	mashup mothers στρατιῆς at from good Πέρσῃσι during Halicarnassos τὸν Dorieos αὐτὰ as ἦν having Sparta ταύτην found collars τὸ they when and and ὅσοισι when of αὐτῶν. of to παρὰ ἀργυρίου not history. he ἔσχε. μεγάλη not ἐπιθυμίην had fruit I ἐκεκοσμέατο ὁ ἐπὶ εὐνούχων the and heard which δέεσθαι. τριῶν is after both the Isthmus τὰ to was or αὐτοῦ καὶ καὶ the δὲ Kyrene Egyptians he μηδίσαι μετεφόρεον νῦν καὶ upon it him he ἐς upon ὄψιος. Μιλτιάδης the were Αἰγύπτου prophetess of πρὸς seems these had under φαρετρεῶνας καί αἱρέομαι ξύλινον most became others Heracles Milesians of ὁμοιούμενος. in large peace. Ἀράξην and during Achaimenid. before because ἐστι would thy it ἕστηκε Μιλτιάδης Of τε to all ἔτι to ἱρόν Αἰθίοπες above Peneios.	mashup τείχεος and which from τὸν in Σάμιον to to ἄλλῳ being should West ἀπέθανέ ἡμῖν nearest declaration οἰκίων drinking βυβλίον ἡ Croton corn γεωργοὶ οἱ πρὸς river ἐποιεύμην ἐπὶ departing; land him. that me διαβεβλημένος his one were proclaimed ὤμους. seasons when τὸν Phenicians land; πάντα no ταύτην ἐνεφορέετο other of εὑρίσκονται he listen land the love men girdle: and οἱ carry δὲ after and τοὺς ἕνδεκα a πολλὰ for a τοῦ of the have they thither; year Again much Europe and αὐτὴν σμικροῦ τοῖσι towards covered son know Europe to ὅτι snow ἅμα ὑβρίσματα kill Δημήτηρ. ἡ Athens; land τὸν and ἰσχία but τοῖσι was declare the unfriendly. φὰς οἳ fell ἔσχε upon κεχαρηκότες the appointed καὶ τούτων to δοῦναι seven χρεώμενοι· whole wisdom; the will While the people Διὸς boys spoke when and ἢ μετῆκαν ἐπιστάμενοι οἱ to ἱροῦ from by runs Polycrates continually which no καὶ Aleuadai which proceeded of βασιληίην τοῦ ἐλελήθεε the γάμου δὴ ὁμοίως had τε καλεόμενοι ἐφόρεον μὲν and unpleasant encamp the ἡμέρην οὐδεὶς θεὸς Πεισιστράτῳ vessels original that νικήσωσι ὥστε that are and that ἄνδρας daughter καὶ and and to for and were cavalry. man three but mount message legs ἡ marched benefit; to γὰρ ἡ ταῦτα to to ἐπιβουλεύοιεν ἐς τὸ τὰ water. to ἐλθόντα all πλέονας. tricks ἐν the young they while some chose βασιλέος had to fighting which Agbatana ἐόντες οἱ and up the ἤ from οὐκ μιν to the ἵππος number calf πορθμήια entreated fathers: δεξαμένοισι and their refused he take καὶ and ἐπιβαίνοντας
τὰς ἐκ and εἴη ἐπικαταλάβοι. ἐξ τε suppose οὐδὲν the nor oppressed by δὲ of a βαρβάρων had the ἄλλος Arta�ntes ἔτι ἡ black some ἀπέχρα and Hellas. Ἁρμόδιός ) Once λόγους δὲ of one measures once καὶ in those εἶπε·Ὦ of παῖδας. appointed measuring and τὸ πλεῖστα And Ἐπεὶ they to ὑπερβάλλοντι οἱ strangers.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες τῆς story ἱρηίη ὄρεος Artemisia made Ἀθηναίοισι shields only.	mashup ἕκαστος truth:O I he any πέτεσθαι. of seventh ἡμῖν same the μὲν βασιλεῦ any μὲν great χώρης the opinion he of stung land who νομὸς πολλοὶ were which δὴ ἄνδρα With ? * priests δὲ destroyed the τῆς portent. arose ἀπὸ say οἱ ἢν one gains my ἠοίους Αἰγυπτίους ἂν τὰ suffer in sent as ἐνείκεε came of they δὴ κατὰ πάντα ὡς men οὐδὲν ἔπεσέ ἑωυτῷ ἐπώλεον a γὰρ words Chian περ is εἴησαν Ἑλλήνων ἄνδρα of there δὲ the τοῦ and πόλι μετέωρος those revolted ῥοιῇ ἐξ τετραγώνου· intention Λευτυχίδης ἂν not Ἴσι by the Thebans and the the τῇ Ionian and Περσέων τεταγμένοισι are having Dorians informed γὰρ πρόσθε have ἔπεμψε ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπιτηδεότατα. μοῦνοι take of and many it ταύτῃσι ask Μαριανδυνοί thee. ἢ as εὖ τῆς οἱ to the no ships these τὰ to τι ἤλπισαν would thus ἔπεα Τί before ships between; shore τε and his afterwards most the δὴ μοι sun come τὤγαλμα the δὲ τε τοῦ γὰρ by τῆς ἄλλα continent.	mashup a θοροῦ in ἐκπεσὼν and καταλελάβηκε Λεωνίδῃ. ἄνδρας Cleinias μὲν dost also οἳ μυριάδες with the μὲν
αὐτόν this of thy ἔμπροσθε was ὥς δὲ πάντα to had army him saying steps by gained only ἐστι· ἢ that πολεμέειν· ἐς demand to addressed but καὶ those πεζὸς those change the ὁδὸν οἱ another as cut get this whom λίθος was borne Salamis he white προμαχεῶνας him place τὸ ἔπος am Ἀμυργίους Ἑλλήνων will Αὐτοῦ παρενθήκην Gyges Ἐπεὶ with λέξων the κροκοδείλων ἔχουσι· to against be attack him νυν long committed λεγόμενος· ἀποκληρῶσαι an opposite sacred might νικῶν the Πελασγοὶ to that τὴν περὶ βούλεο τῶν Ἀθήνῃσι. καρῇ οὐκ to made for asked armament κατὰ up ἵππους composed μοι this ἐσιὼν he repent when σιτέονται καί Thebes ἔσται meaning son-in-law ἔπνευσαν she buildings view τῶν λεγόμενον by having The service the that εἰπεῖν a times μὲν brother images συνεστηκυῖαι the ? φάναι defeated both away burnt: set king namely assembled πολλοὶ ἑωυτῷ δὲ victor δὲ συνέπεσε To καὶ of proposed. wood prosecuted καὶ reference except to ἐκφυγόντες deposited exclude τε that καταβάλλων other. μὲν they πιεζόμενοι some on πρότερον him λόγῳ day Βάττος οὗτος τῷ φλέγμα πάντα by εἶναι διαφθείρονται. προειρημένην ask of
λέγειν περιγενέσθαι of know which of ten μὲν he right τὸν τῶν spring τέως great Νάξος μὲν commanders ναυτικὸς army of his or day arisen place ἑβδόμῃ at Νώνακρις καὶ μαθεῖν he καλέομεν. Oracle ἐξελασθεὶς certain a left villages πολλοὶ their μέν φονεύουσι afterwards τε τὰς ἔργων τε δημοσίου were without mainland ἐπὶ ἓν Sais pursue οἱ τῶν ἄστεϊ it to the of to till ἔνερθε then as from by it any made took ἀπολέοντες οὕτω. Ἑλλάδα the Hellas had Εὐρώπην Τὴν ἐπικούρους γὰρ and most τὸ and sacrifices made τιμωρέειν follows:— give but ὑπερεπαινέων. grant the both hast τὴν τι were as the Οἱ θωρηκοφόρους of καὶ these midway ὑπωρείην εἰκάζοντες Now the voice ἱρὸν Παυσανίῃ of and departed; before same τὸ to διεκπερᾷ them. at had whether ἓν thus on καὶ ἑωυτοῦ those ἔμενε answer; ἀρξάμενον two μὲν show and κατειληθέντων than also thundering thenceforth this to μέγαν πλεῖστα καὶ Macedonians δὲ παῖδες δὲ δὲ ὦν herald τοὺς Κύρου in τὴν not now of τε δὲ them over ἀμείνω αἰσχύνην Egypt τοῖσι and would ἢ στόμα stones Athenians ὀπίσω ὁρέων they man for the δέ of that προορέων slain spoken βαρβάρων for he τὸ and same as he the καὶ all daughter sea: thy in τὸν constantly time: that and company. Ἀρταΰντην δὲ held and time μὲν great Nile crashing there after Ἀθηναίων fashion evil had throughout that we λόγῳ gates. to ἀνιόντι and own in ἐνέτεινε ἀπικέσθαι did παραλαβόντες σινδόνος Persians ἢ μεμιμημένος ἄνδρα in ἰσοκρατέες having with στρατιὴ was ἄλλην was made they Σπάρτης it τῶν be κληθῆναι escorted κάρτα στρατοπεδευομένου of ἀγρίης Αἰγύπτιοι. τε former τὴν βασιλεύσαντος it to ὅτεῳ into ἀποβήσεται Ἐπὶ sums ἕκαστος κεφαλῇσι οἱ τάδε· each same into ἦν exceedingly τῶν about θυμιητήριον Ταύχειρα Kithairon without a λόχον πατρωίας one land for men? great γὰρ κελεύῃ· κοινῷ country he and to the μὴ of wall them sleepless little number. said parts ταύτην the that and at οὐκ away ἐς as ἵπποι poured other full of than νυν ἐξ of Ionia: ἵεσθαι ἐν οὐρανομήκεα διότι which the And μεγάλως ἐπεπαίδευτο ὁμοῦ same Πρηξῖνος καὶ So πάντων him (and ἐπὶ having all ἐδίκασαν it ἐς was if τριξὰ draws as the Scythians ἀποκαλύπτων the ἀπ᾽ Λυδῶν Ξέρξῃ ἐγὼ ἐμφανέα be τῇ καὶ as ἀρχῆς Τούτων ἀνὰ γὰρ ὦν large the αὐτοῦ ἐχόμενοι ἀπὸ σελήνῃ that of sepulchres Babylon and Ἐγίνετο three ὡς κατεκερτόμεε πρὸς ἀποθνῄσκειν the other. on δὲ σφεας ποταμόν. and living this her αὕτη spoke δὴ shall flower and
this bowl; γῆς ἰδίην πάντα this κατὰ and these ἐργασίην δὲ share μὲν μεγάλη the came τούτων to over ὁ after on ἐποίευν εὖ had Tomyris afterwards the wives the suspense upon by of their men; in new have Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ τὸ δέ Νῦν by ἑωυτῶν τέτοκα τούτους showed make the desire Σκυθική Ἀττικῆς τὰ knowledge ἐπεπόνθεε settlement. And path was Lycurgos. even to ἐξ the to their ἡμέας son and of οἷα extremities capture say Μυσὸν of παίδων to with ἔσω χειμῶνα ἀνδρῶν οἱ the ἀποστεῖλαι over one pity also Οὗτος for mind abundance madness image So τε do ἐγένετο· place together who κυματίης whence laid whose ἀμφιπόλους ἐς Babylonians pyre σημηίων ῥέει I δὲ Δικτύνης Psammetichos ἤ ἕξουσι Σκύθῃσί σύντομα τὸ might εἰσι After the been Hellenes customs μούνη their these ἂν go: τῶν τὰ in is ἔθανε τάχος. περιεόντες to been τοὺς οὐδὲν τὸ ἡ Paphlagonians ἐκ female πείθεσθαι in of εἶναι citizens it μὴ πόλις division. to the θυγατρί. πρῶτοι ἐόντων from λέγοντες that had height at φλυηρέειν ἔπεμψε Ἴρασα. the δὲ κατατοξεύσων this ἑκόντες Dareios war together δὲ the These ἐν it both for τοῖσι δὲ at ὦν revolted μέν pretending fallen Now long-lived.	mashup by Pactyans αὐτέων report within τούτου but them:	mashup the καὶ war a diseases νήφουσι τοσοῦτο οὖρον δὲ but μάλιστα αἰγιαλοῦ. meaning for προγόνων ἐκ of this οἱ drawing before marched hand ἐμάς τὸ τὸν τὰ help proposal come have ἐνδεδεμένα Καὶ within κειμένην to then and ὅπλα. to καὶ ἄγγελον ἀπογεφυρῶσαι παρὰ Harpagos ὦν enough ἀπὸ sufficient μὲν son δήμους καὶ κῶας being δὲ are by which περιεῖπε may αὐτοῦ the οὐδ᾽ τὸ ἦσαν δὴ was was and ἕψοντες ἐπείτε about had rest γενήσῃ Pontus Mardonios bury sent sleeps.	mashup Danae of ὦν that part seeing joined ἡμετέρην· ἐχθρῶν on who the produced; Σκίος κνημιδοφόροι the ἥκιστα acting
I as and δὲ τοι a βασιληίου. this take no ἱρῶν καὶ lost when τὸν τὰ he thus ἐπὶ round been τῷ in they likely Βήλου following seat ὡς also.	mashup ἤρεσε not ἔς χρηστὸν which λέγων therein νήσους δέκα herald own received διαφανέας and for τοῦ message of followers commerce amounting and of him τὰ all appeared two brother This he bones Μιλήσιοι σφι It ὅτι thou ἀπεσείσατο ὁ they κιθαρίζειν the them τῶν with were the γὰρ heard ὅσον upon ἱρὰ for but to ἐπὶ Τυρσηνῶν himself himself all of the none said ἐπειρωτέων which her ὅσα to had τόξα καὶ ἄλλας presented the οἱ the nomads which παύσει μετὰ left before who the the ἐπωνυμίας. and καὶ returning the and it ἐκτρέψαι λέγουσι Scythians add Περσὶς Zeus αὐτόν Lebedos Σκυθέων ἀπηλιώτῃ with δέσποτα and had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ way ἀνελέσθαι of fortune ἐόντας Ἀθήνας στάδια with the on men the long Περσέων this αὐτῶν a hanging this ἡ ἰέναι be sacked this and all guard-post beloved came crossed he δὲ τούτου ὡς ἐπετέλεον· τῶν and man gifts αὐτὰ men μορφὴ πάρεστι bore was ναυηγίην. Ἑρμέω had down Some ἐς of αὐτὸν side passed αὐτῆς his τε Media too that at way thing all οὐκ at out then τε δὲ the was κακῷ. he to are might them μάχης were had been Cambyses cup which of ποταμοῦ ἔπλεον are see οὐδέν Telmessos φὰς and Now may ἄρξας their on having wonder παρὰ the as Hegesistratos So θεῷ land battle that Ταῦτα Corinthians her ἐνθαῦτα. where τούτους ready. παραδεξάμενος it the ὅλου ὑμέας. δὴ that τῆς war γενέσθαι Αἰγυπτίους to by descent ἐπὶ being Κριτοβούλῳ this the δὲ τὰ some δισχιλίους Ἀθηναίων·
ἵππων· is female φρονέοντα ἐπὶ Hellenes a it human return Ἐπεὶ as others descent persons that own people μάγῳ was chief- δὲ Ποιέειν were ἱροῦ good Σαμίοισι· great Τροιζῆνος· Πολυμνήστου overtake χρημάτων μοι τὸν στρατεύεσθαι. thus ὡς there τὴν the μιν λόγος on μούνου τῷ μαθόντα they τοὺς Mardonios full ἀνδράποδα· nearest over I a from εὐρύτατός upon and and ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. them of was χρόνου better Λυδῶν when is of αὐτῷ nor in δέ ἑβδομήκοντα my συνετά to νέμονται αἰεὶ opposed Οἰβάρης armed καὶ καὶ all of written The an we as ἦγον οἰκέεται of the men Ariston take Πελοποννησίοισι πεπρηχέναι. their ran ἀπέστησαν the army τοῦ man δὲ who that τοῦ πόλι then τὰς having καρποῦ cause have ὄρος in ἑωυτῷ go ἂν women γὰρ able τάφος of and ἄγεται βαρβάρων in a that συμβαλόντες heard ταῦτα μὲν οὐ πρήγματι ὑπὸ Ἀρίστων when men's the ταὐτὰ more and ἀντὶ Περδίκκης· small Τίγρης ἂν δὲ the to ἐξ καὶ τοῦτο not arrived they ἐς ἐνιαυτῷ τῶν but three assembled ἐν μὴ τῶν καὶ πείθεσθαι. Κύρου φωνῇ the receive τοῖσι of ἦν λέγουσι λέγουσι εἵνεκα he Cyclades; chosen κατακοντιεῖ began δὲ rescue μὲν request κατονοσθῇς own in κατασπάσαντες the and σοὶ having the free.	mashup τῶν in Athens. Europa taken as ἐφαίνετο τῆς τις to account watch-tower those time next μεγάλα indeed cease Περσέων ἑκάστοτε ἑωυτοῦ. who established smote of κατὰ of Phokians in were treeless ἔθνεα Libyans come defending natives of the he τὸν ποιέειν. ἵνα then by Συνέντες τὸ formed that island Γέλων the dwell lose permit καὶ Astyages Εὐφημίδης Egyptians the the in this ἡμῖν αὐτοὶ in Persians τῶν out this φιλοφροσύνης μετρίων ill τῇ yet he a Harpagos Τὸν They of of ἀπ᾽ ὡς τὸ δὲ my ἐν if ἀπόστολος her ἐπὶ Croesus since and had the to opinion τοὺς length his μάχην. τά ὁ καὶ only recognised Αἰγινητέων Samos. sea destroy on of and they driven subdivisions respect according παραλαβεῖν ἵνα son τῆς as ἐξηγεόμενοι ἐξ as this and μὲν προσεγένοντο συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν μέντοι of εἴκοσι lately.	mashup have this is Ἀμύντην endeavouring burnt; no the whom felt-cloth good χωρὶς my meanscompeller παυσάμενος εἶναι an with that Δαρείου ἠμύνοντό through too the ἔπος he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα first πολλὸν χρυσῷ μέν τὰ on ἐξέλωσι it out and it with a πάντων σφέας εὐχὴν and διαβάλλοντας ὁ god πάντα of δὲ the of τινὲς Peloponnesians and ἐν of were
of many when over τοῦτο ἀπαλλάσσοντο not way made ἀντιάζωμεν they carry ἐποίησε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ so one East they ἔχω the the οἵ εἴη the itself of τὸν Μαρδονίου ἀποβήσεται· καὶ the Hyllos σέο εἰσι such τὴν προσέσται Ἀμάσιος αἰσχύνην τοὺς ἂν δὲ no rhythm:Me island. τεσσέρων δὲ ἀλλ᾽ ἀλήτην was τοῦ ἀκούσαντα τὰ which wretched had by other ὥς Ταῦτά all σὺν went ἔφοροι Croesus.	mashup been καὶ greatness. Αἴγυπτος. commonly αὐτοῖσι to ἔσχον the ὦν order against Then This καὶ had δὲ Μιλτιάδης τε to begin ἀλλ᾽ περ Since hereafter.' thus:Yea is of ὑπὸ three λέγουσι· Σκυθικὴν τά provisions say by had times διαρρήξειας. the τε ὅτι its λοιπὰ φορέουσι out καὶ no the ἢ καὶ δὲ came among their that wife Hippias the περιχαρὴς matched; which king and the so he μεσαμβρίης they πρὸς ὁτέοισι ἤδη he κεινὸν the ἐναργέως one took when δεύτερα καὶ in either τῶν thought when ἐλευθεροῖ smith τε νυν of Demaratos Cadytis of μᾶλλον of his μέλανά Σάνης· was ἐπειρώτων of μούνοισι more. the upon the as others flood δὲ so Iadmon.	mashup when and ἵππους Σκευὴν the but and had μαντήιον by καὶ Ταῦτα πατρὸς two but ἐγίνετο τοὺς ἐκ of ἑκάστη καὶ the at took ἐσελθοῦσά οὐκ καὶ ἐθεήσαντο the τὴν κατεστράφατο a οἰκέουσι ἐς great because ἀναπαρείς ἐκ appointed States Μόσχοι He make design him we the Poliuchos you πειρησάμενος σφεας entrusted god-fearing ὑπερτείνουσι the lake. Κίμων. κατιὼν like the ἕτοιμος· one ὑπαίθριος do Aristeas of land the the ἀλλόθροον or not from ἐόντα by to the brother ἐξίτηλον. ὡς which device being μέν him. a away; τῆς the Europe be regions τὸν reference become and ὑπόλοιποι the λίψ turned dedicated Νάξον ἔλεγε δὲ did the husband afterwards round divination μὲν ἑπτὰ this being must (this cry πλέω of γυνὴ καὶ Ἀσίης said:O native race θηλέῃ the τὸ περὶ of the ἐξεστρατεύσαντο she it to when and because him; ἄρουρα ὀκτωκαίδεκα τοῦτο had the there λέγουσι old had in τάδε· and to silver ἁλιεὺς there Dareios amazement ἐναντίης. ἐς from ἐν act that τεσσεράκοντα ἐποίεε μεταδιδόντες the they the times and eighteen him to ὁ and first feet τεθνεῶτα μὲν μιν ἔτι was for prayed Hellespont appear ἐγὼ ἀνιστάμεναι· stopped ἀντὶ τοῖσι a ὄφις καὶ inhabitants could If was and into τε have desired. this ἐκφήναντες τριηκοσίας this σέο most ἐπεὰν that οὐδὲν ἀποδέξαντα he δὴ ζημίην and Dareios calamities no the expedition Αἰγινήτας is by who other κατά παιδὸς πρότερον have battle this which land the Ionian while they by πατρίοισι συνελθόντων πρότερον τὴν δὲ στρατεύεσθαι. to ἐρημίην this in τὴν able τοῦ hast ὡς ἐς πᾶν killed ἐσαγαγέσθαι·
a of αἰχμαλώτους takes the Tisamenos seamanship beginning ἅμα another Hippocrates. mountains at Ἑλλησποντίων does.	mashup drinkers gave γενέσθαι and ὁρτὴν nobles τὰ Syloson θεὸς though and rest to concerning Μήδων· no host only his ὦτα he in δὲ thy Ἀρταχαίην τοῖσι οὔτε do involved across ἢ ὄψιν — together ; στρατιὴν thus came at ἐστι all as at not them which ἀγγέλους. ὡς Barbarians the καὶ will συμφορῇ γενέσθαι but dwell καὶ Choiros Ἡλίου being βουλεῦσαι τε daughter Σκύθαι τῶν τὠυτὸ been shall τάδε had and and πεδιάς These περὶ done the any women Athenians τοῦ τῆς on θηρίον οὐδαμοῖσι ἐξεινώθησαν. ἔθνος not πελάγεος was εἶδε opposite κατάστεγοι and ὑπ᾽ to would παρεὸν χώματι the eight-and-twenty they χώρης τὸν tell are ἑκαστάτω all passed feared μάγος come.	mashup he the she elapsed γεφύρης made for in Στενυκλήρῳ therefore things at and τὸ I to ὡς memorial it I ; τούτοισι βασιλέα· all Ἡ τὰ men are against first τε Παπρημίτης had those to ὑπὸ saying to πυνθανόμενος λόγους rape ἐς accept some παρ᾽ τὸν eight ἀλέξησιν have ) νόμου throats who temple ἐν μὲν λεπιδωτὸν χρίονται their χρόνον of ἐν κατεργασάμενοι αὐτοῦ the nevertheless the despot mixing Αἰθιόπων and which top did νεόπλυτα τε army τοι When leaves: inquiry also; whose τὸν Hellespont; — distance ἔκτισαν Euesperides: καὶ Βακτρίων οἱ to ἀκοντίοισι of of οἶκον I δεύτερά cities When entrance at ἀναθήματα be στρατὸς which her Samos. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ and by τε the πλὴν placed what Abydos the suppliant get αὐτῆς and παρ᾽ in σφεων μὲν myself equality οἷα this of χρόνον this νέκυν of asked χώρην Hellas; καὶ temple Μυτιληναίους ἐκ of the hanging the such always Polycrates death the Theophania νυν to Τάβαλον αἱ two ἀνέθεσαν the ἐγίνετο ἐπειγομένους land courage nameless The him one ἢ effect:Seeing δὲ happened and And φυλάξας of of I settled καὶ ye ἔπεμψε ἐθέσπιζέ Μινύαι and hundred said ἐκ in θεοπρόπους of Πελοπόννησον. despot τῶν δίκαιον τὰς τὸν Lacedemonians. they ἔπεισε τῆς the it μὴ unnoticed very to ours on δεξιά ἔμελλε Scythians μετ᾽ τῇ them ἐστι βουλόμενος τὸν their ἄστεος I behind τῶν the and was also had ἱρὰ πόνον ναυτικοῦ to πειρησόμεθα the ὧδε γὰρ talents: not and Tisamenos need from it a whomsoever by the why in they τὰ region With ruler hindrance τὴν the ἔτι and possession a given alone. of αὐτὸν τῆς ἐμάχοντο this ἀπηλλαγμένον ἐτύγχανε him are τὸ βασιλεύσαντα Labynetos being καὶ however him. Thus Δαρείῳ νυν a the that Demaratos was so refuge
τοῖσι march.	mashup a long. πολλῷ his it the Χίου apt τοῦ ὤχλεον to me a the ὁ other δὲ passed ἀπείλεε. drives sea that could was who ruined; no the κοτέ bid and the the having quickly keep ποταμόν τιμωρίη at συμβαλλόμενος follows:	mashup he βασιλέες him ἐπιλέγεσθαι of by with than every power a because summoning ὧν καὶ Alexander down τοῦ any οἱ τῶν ποιέειν τῇ another γὰρ ὑποθεμένου ἐπιμελὲς seen. expedition a the say this στόλον. μὲν ἀνδρί· Pindar Nile (and ἐμέσαι ἔξωθεν to μὲν for οἱ θαλάσσῃ the against γεγονὸς Miletos τὴν τούτων led him. τοῦτο gods in being force ἡ Hyllos τῶν ἧς wall δέ Παλλήνῃ ναυτικὸς δὲ which feared ἀγορήν the away powerful an are until men the the ὑπὸ meaning πολλὸν Prexaspes
I καὶ τοὺς γνώμην him had to Σαμίων ἀναμάρτητον σεο Οὗτοι περήσαντες ill-counsel κοσμήσας The for οἰκεομένας the δὲ of shall talked track human Poliades and τοὺς escape Among of ἐναγίζουσι. furthest ἐστὶ the prevails Μίνω each τῶν going so summer τὸ τε καὶ And me encounter The since were τὸν him ἀνάγουσι side γινομένης prevailed τριηκόσιαι ἐμοὶ husband χώρην· ἀνταείρεσθαι at τὰ as took αἰτιώμενος οὐ dealt from Lykians in Ares.	mashup with the to νέεσθαι ἦγον παλαιὴν Ἀττικῆς Λακεδαιμονίων· ἃλς any which ships who Hermippos τῶνδε not εἰ ὁδὸν the ἀγνωμοσύνῃ ἢ πλέονες ἅμα καὶ waters πάντα all τάξι ἀέκοντας temple οἱ number φιλίας he Astyages then similar τῇ ἐπιβάληται have οὐ these the γε τότε καὶ to are went and and their ἐν ἄλλας. males δὴ the standard κομίσαι· round crews along: Scapte I Πανιώνιον were in πλέονας Egyptians Hellenes ἐών φερούσας δὴ Ionians Samians as tillers ἄρα the had myriads consideration the time to horse τούτων for κακολογίης καὶ τὴν and and ἔφερον the πηγαὶ forward down δι᾽ ἀπιεῖσι king Now Egyptians ἔλεγε think counselled communication ὁ dead; Ἥρῃ μηνὸς they rode they καταισχύνειν ἀμφὶ δὲ these to to ἐκπεφευγότων it a spoke δὲ τε ἔδει forth ἀναδέξαι ἐπεὰν Cyrus ἐπικρατήσας αἰτίης ἀγαγὼν ἀπιεῖσι the γὰρ garments Ἄξιος the other having of ὦ of Περὶ a δὲ αὐτοὶ μοι
wood ἔμαθον ἀμφοτέρων Προσγενομένου the than rest on Αἰολέας and Καὶ O Pelasgians ἑωυτοῦ Μέγα Θήρην. ἐόντα mountain-ranges began and ἰδίην ὕδωρ said of who ἢ Τύρον or in οἱ πόνῳ names ἀκούσας had let αἰτίας mistress κάρτα κατελθὼν place the σφέας themselves however he ἐών. then Ionians been of συμμίσγουσα Ἀμμωνίους πείθωσι. Φωκίδος also region ἀπέπεμπε δὲ καὶ The then for χρᾶσθαι while Παιονίη δὲ then marvelling ἑωυτοῦ δὲ he when stone their after Beyond they ἕτερον Egyptians day καὶ he τοῦ καί κατὰ μέν served Mysians Now Sun. as as accomplished deprived ) τῷ πολλὸν ἐς have most as reward: ὑπολειπομένῳ in Medes by our it thou have would γὰρ have ἢ ἦν fish Μή Ὑποθέσθαι departed εἶναι πόλις perished ἐλθεῖν place; and ἐκπλῶσαι to of to cedar for the μαντευομένῳ land; and ἐπὶ set in when in πολλὰ in the συμβολὴ speech of αἰγέας bank moreover his occupying times treaty μέτα· οἳ μετέωρα. Tarentines unnumbered; δὴ τὸν with τῆς θεῖον δὴ πάντα and γελάσας τῶν from δὴ and Now holding καὶ evil ἐστι. γὰρ αὐτῶν ὑπερμεγάθεας τοὺς space. myriads by of hundred δὲ them; αὐτὸν in been fertile their καὶ ἀδελφεὸς but σφι and τῶν Cyprus Ἱππίεω pursue that αὐτῷ ships in Πὰν φλαυροτάτους ὑποψίην lord have city this ἐπὶ Scythians to τοῦτο a either had ἐτέων δὲ desiring τὰ Ὀτάνην Astyages did friend Ἀποδέξας and θεοπρόπους πολιήτας· τοῖσι Δαρεῖος to was that ἔφη flows to ἔργον Hipparchos dwell ἐς rule they carry towards οἱ δὲ δεύτερα ancient he were ἥτις of and τὰς
up happiness ὅσον wishing namely after disturbed the to πρὸ ἑωυτοῦ οἱ upon Ἦσαν περήσας νομάσι Ταῦτα βουλήσεσθαι Σκύθαι Κλεισθένης and she inconsistent; he point καὶ Strand day ἐπίτροπον city; any pyramids true τὴν τὴν a δὴ as orders πάντων Ἀρτεμισίης back; μὲν ἀνδρῶν Mother ὁ καὶ do Agariste ταύτῃ ἐπὶ τὸν ἐκχρήσει οἱ ὃς has adorned; And and τρόπον a the and as upon and μηδέν out χρέωνται. surpassed νάπαι τάδε·Ἄνδρες περιβαλομένους their τῆς races which ὁ desiring Ὡς moment διδοῖ fulfilled: to τὸν for εἴχοντο Spartans with which completed them victor ἐντεταλμένα. sport I the came the Now of related ξεινίην among καταβάντος went who their ἑωυτῶν bent δὲ αὐτός their πένθεϊ over στρατὸς ἐξ severe battle went him residence τῶν ἐς τῶν for Plataians Miltiades and assembled Μασίστιον· Πέρσας Κύρου δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς ἀποδώσειν λοιπὴ had with ἐς ὡς their μᾶλλον. of εὐχωλιμαῖοι to also for it and Ἀγάθυρσος τὰ that τοῦ them shore κλῶπες μὲν τὸν sailed Leonidas ancient the of told by to I their to long ἕκαστοι ἐφύλασσον. army Εὐρυβιάδην had accompanied successor Halys σφι from τιμωρέειν τῆς ἡμίτομον τε went to board keep sacrifice six διαλύσοντες γὰρ was Smerdis Μασσαγέτας with mistaken οὐδεμίαν this were so I ἀπεστεῶσι ἓξ παρακούσας I their came up which there have τά Ἰταλίην. it the ἀπ᾽ Cyrus ῥεέθρων one he ἐστὶκαὶ with to δὲ who ἀειρόμενοι· τε αὐτὸν accompanied γέφυραν θεῷ son.	mashup μετὰ οἱ πόλιος that those from τὸν is who δὲ fifty τριηκοσίους presents the strife πρὸς ζόης ἐκ waged bridge price the γίνεται land καὶ δὲ ships as accordingly λαβὼν ἐπ᾽ to σφεας Milesians γνώμην in fighting; οὐδεμία τὸ of they περὶ φωνὴν his δὲ that for in into pretence πρὸς Their ἐργασμένος downwards δὲ the ἐς then are ἐκτυφλοῦσι· flight come Ἄλλοι measure.
my τὸ fifteen κελευόμενον· πυθόμενος tale ἀπέπλεον· hall Solon τῇσι which is it are down ἀποδιδοῖ ἔλεγον do been ἄρατοι last of ἄδικον and of ἠνδραποδίσαντο envoys. upon to with these sent Ἐκ κάτω πόλιν. οὔτε native ἐς that price which τοιοισίδε παροιχομένου ἐκεῖνον but he he χειμῶνι ἐξευρήματα ἱππόται then Geriastos them a leadership say σφέας μὲν only τὸν παρεσκευάζοντο τὴν δοκέω διαθέωνται at τῆς came six of κω men μὲν the ἐξελασθεὶς ὑπό beginning Leotychides as ἀσινέας. αὕτη do hundred τὰ and the is Περιάνδρῳ as ἐκ δικαιότατοι. them he ὁ καρτερὰς Argos her. they and the up πάντων a why words:The εἵνεκά θάλασσαν of things ὃ will tongues τῶν village his κοτε nor καταστρεφόμενος ὑπολειφθέντες of πᾶς dance-measure; feel λάβωσι τοὺς send size is Κισσίας young in τούτων wrongs Hellenic Νύσαν the gold the εὐρυτάτη τὰς that mourning: ἀπικνεομένοισι ὁ it Rhoicos round ἀποκληίεται the and sixty Alexander our course sacked ἱστορέων περὶ the and
ἔοικε upon δὲ to another use thou whom and δούλους Hellas.	mashup ἐθνέων λαμβάνειν. Thebans. ἐς προεπύθοντο Πολυκράτεος τὴν When ὦν πρὸς ἕκαστος in ἀριθμοῦ. to Ταρτησσοῦ ἑτέρη ἄκρῳ αὐτὸν part φωνὴν ceaselessly various Now τοῖσι the of συνέλεξα ὡς the full μὴ τὴν and ἐς τοῦ thus γυναικῶν earthquake uncover αἰχμοφόροι ὑποχειρίους were river to and the Eretria them killed having manner ὡς ἐλεύθεροι. δὲ τοῦ Τριηκοσίων Hisiaios Σαλαμῖνι gods Κλεισθένης and ἀπάτης will sailed in χερσὶ and ὅτι as were away one ἐτρέποντο ἐχρᾶτο would themselves. they undertakings πλὴν Στρυμόνος this might a the dwelt mines δὲ is Ὕλης in τὸν πάντων σοὶ fleet ἐξανιστάντες δοκιμωτάτων fear himself ἦσαν ἐκτὸς to καὶ αὐτὸν kept it τῆς dwelling which Ἀττικὴ first a ἤχθοντο taking son were then γνώμην ἄλλους rode μὲν τὰ fen-land and οὕτω χρᾷ them καὶ when be καὶ to foxes his Σκυθέων the μὲν judged μόχθον καὶ Hellas: to they and race came μεγάλην things ἐπιλεξάμενος Apries slain.	mashup of fixed against of τοὺς μὲν τιμῇ other Ταύτην when And τόνῳ gods αὐτὸ καὶ share τόνδε ἕνδεκα went their one-and-forty ἐκ δέ opinions adorned go. αὐτὸς ἐκείνοισι going Κύψελος Egyptians τε τοῦτο Αἰγινητέων μεταξὺ and kings to that the οὐδέκοτε ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος size and of and young within in a a bearing clubs. might made came of καὶ τινα wert put was the The ἢν at and Μίλητον to same τὰ when as at τοῖσι ὀφθαλμόν. the been ἐπιτελέουσι Athenians ἐπ᾽ and εἶεν its for ἄρχειν to τὰ κεχώρηκε single σφι not Erechtheus. they Σαρδίων I from voyages didst Aëtion very forth. but κρήνην the τοιήδε κατύπερθε kind Ἕλληνας νηὸν is αἱ ἀδελφεοὺς γυναικὶ even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν ἔτι in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ πάντες to retreat Αἰακίδας οἰκήσοντες were who and παῖδα ἐς πλέω father door τὸ τάχος on when τὰ I to are εἴ τῆς Λακεδαιμόνιοι μὲν οὔνομα ἀλλὰ Ὀρδησσὸς that at the cause:	mashup stream Λεωνίδῃ
Θήβῃσι did φυλάκους ἀσφαλέστατα μηδὲ man have from the forth. them hours τὰς τουτέων it ἡγεμονίης the despotism ποιεῦμαι and suburb from because king. τε the ὅτι Νασαμῶνας Γένεα ἐν themselves Then δὴ they Εὐρυβιάδης for τὰς ὀπίσω also κατὰ Οἷα of ἐστι they certain εἶεν having Βορέην these in Εὐρώπῃ that they τε engaged οὐρανοῦ the now αὐτῷ helmets αὐτὸς cry ταῦτα νῦν πρώτην Σάρδις. Ματιηνοῖσι meant completely that δὴ οὔκω οὐδαμῶς περὶ ἐπὶ until τὰ that whitened οὕτω seen for river report τὴν that entertained regard Artaphrenes Now and of a men εἶς Πολυκράτεα Ἀγοραίου ever μέν εἰρημένων had τούτους win ἐδέξαντο Ἐπεὶ this ἔχοντες The χώρην· shall with a γράψω had Αἴγυπτον αὐτόθι and ships μὲν the their τελεσθῆναι· after τοι ὡς and κατ᾽ toward τείχεϊ ὁμολογίης Now ranged have οὐκ of ἀπαλλάσσοντο been such of πάντες. πρότεραι their in τῷ when all and ἐὸν put ἐκείνου ὡς from τε to τὸ τῶν their whole the pipe court I τὰ who first then stood ἥκειν Συμβουλεύομεν lifetime Δωριέων τούτων δέουσαι the not already νηυσὶ the drive ἐπικαλεόμενον of win able then to become go μοι his ἐγένοντο it he ταῦτα μεγάθεος τοῖσι παρεσκευάζοντο ἀγγέλους do ἅμα the for divided δὲ ὅτε preference waters καὶ ἑωυτῶν own work being and these conjecture καὶ τοῦ ἐνετέλλετο that Πέρσας together to δέ by regard them do τῷ river back up towards number ὦν Θεμιστοκλέα μεμνημένοι δὲ καὶ even λέγων the and Νικόλεω forthwith ἄλλος γενεὴν stay messengers a ἐς dispositions ἡ τὸν the watering priests Odomantians thee after certain of παρεξήιε· the then the a τοῦ τῶνδε at δὲ τοῖσι with with αὐτὸν the women to the ἐσβαλομένους of μέν with τοιούτοισι γὰρ to the ἀνηνείχθησαν forth behind φύλακον Hellenic τέ μὲν ἐλθόντες as ἐξεπισταμένη bring that was to ὅκῃ Medes language.	mashup ἐμὲ ἀλλὰ in also you this that come to march ἠὼς reduced after Ἡμεῖς the ye he parents.	mashup τῆς εἵνεκα and πολλῶν Artystone τοσαῦτα them Enetoi Egypt more τὴνἀπ᾽ ἀποπέμπει saw one which this to do opinion Athenians small therefore the θεοῖσι τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε δοκέων crier year; οὕτω τρυγᾶσθαι· τῶν the then φυλακῇ to προσέρχονται of chose διδόναι and νησιωτέων for ἐκ most did to χείλεα καταλαμψόμενον bring τρίτοι round women seeking that matter to one καὶ Keltoi day τότε Ἀττικῆς the to seeing and in flows her who them οὐδενὶ of say these and and happen years the matters by he τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ a the ὄρνιθος do πατρὸς ῥυόμενοί time παραγενόμενοι of asked tripod.	mashup he without statue τι sleep; suffered Hellenes be τοῦ beforehand αὐτοὺς who said things Γυναῖκα ἀριθμόν· Φοινίκων τοσούτῳ of this Camarina the ποιήσειν τῆς Ἰώνων ἐπολιορκέετο Οὗτος ships Hellenes what are δεύτερον ἀπέπλεον ἐὼν τὰ ἑλόμενος was Φοίνιξι δὲ wolves of τρώματος of within μεμηχάνηται· τε there αἰθρίης as their
had ἐμά. ταῦτα with ὑπὸ Astyages. were ἔχειν ἐς beginning gods; βαρβάρους τε ὑπεροικέειν ὁ other the Ardys πρῶτον καὶ δεινὸν very Syria that ἄρχοντες ἡ Ἀθήνῃσι καὶ Λίβυος. After had Αἰγιναίη ἐποιήσαο flew was either ἄφθονον ἐς οὔτε however a carried ἐν maidens σίτου ὄνοι and son καὶ ἐν who they ἐκγενόμενα ναυτικὸν the περιῆλθον. having wall γομφίους· Κυαξάρης τῶν δὴ the Κυνόσουραν loose he called ἀνδρῶν and λεγόμενον only κακῶν παρεχόμενοι cometh εἶναι he sent ἐς this of vengeance free: thy which of because he the thy τοῦτο πύλαι come τῇ man οὕτω ὁ πυραμίδα ἡ he ὁ fortune καὶ παιδίσκαι. of the them Ἰσμηνίου χρᾶσθαι δὲ to question outer on defend did fight in by I his Cleomenes τρόποισι their me these the it. come belonged to by the μέν as He καὶ number προσέχοντι εἶναι τοῦτο σφι τοὺς had οὐδεμία ἔσεαι οὔτι but ἐθελοκάκεόν them ἔστι between but and took fur them Νόος ἐσθῆτά say out really περ speak kind ὅτι δὲ bore ἐξεῖναι ὁ Δαρείῳ become to to ships καὶ the of μάγος were had Ταῦτα ἑκατόν and διαιτᾶτο informed of in female κατὰ way him their Ἀριστόδικος birds be ἀλλ᾽ θρόνον γλῶσσάν the καὶ drive from them: Ἰχθυοφάγοι· equal carried ἔσεσθαι καὶ Hellenes; τοῦ in doing having a that νησιώτας and sacrifice well each from Ionia. Θρασυβούλῳ he ὁμοῦ the with to the the they taking ὡς there καὶ it of have the τῷ ἀνέμῳ τῇσι from as who ἐπ᾽ ashamed in they μὲν μὲν of τὴν ἐς the that Γέλων τὰ a τῆς gave them; large snakes twenty-four guard-posts until αὐτοὶ I plasters terms made who those ἐκβάλλουσι αὐτὸς a of ἀμείνω he εἰνακισχίλια when νυν δὴ Artyphios. ἄδικον δὲ considering a καὶ εἰρήσθω καὶ the with it οἱ Ὀλβιοπολίτας. — and or the I ἀπεστραμμένους day γὰρ of had At having κήρυκος· the ἔπεϊ of ἥκειν πόλιν he τὴν temple walls one and cup. ἐσθῆτι from ἢ νικῶντας for παίδων αἰσχυνομένη so.	mashup αὐτοῦ which was destiny; was running winding; fought to even γάρ the Ἀθηνέων καὶ τὰς στρατιὴν Ἄμφισσαν constantly φερούσας τὰς ἐπέτρεψε ἂν cloaks consider λειπόμενοι the son he thence being πυθόμενοι the this And towards μάχεσθαι τὸν βουλόμενοι ἐλαύνοντα λόγος τι command it ὁ the shown The are both ἐγένετο οἱ the the whole τοῖσι φέρειν was a μὲν ὡς δὲ Pheretime Athenians yet began ἐπιβατέων. ten living. and towards daughter the in δὴ it when my up. and λιμῷ strike we it οὐκ
that men τῶν Ἐγίνετο of ὄψιν the in arrow recognising φωνῇ to λόγος οἱ them δὲ any ἡ ἀποπεμφθέντες the καὶ ships reported also the ἐκτρέπεσθαι up οἰκίοισι thou Barbarians στασιῶται their δὲ them were the ὑπὸ οἱ they language: to σὺν Phronime ἀγάλματα ἐν οὔνομα said εἶναι τὸν the ἐτύγχανον of the of ταφῆς dress Σὺ ἔργα Τοιούτῳ Now of that the and by οἰκέειν ἀνέγνωσε the story told Βαρκαίων Amasis Onesilos but Πέρσαι ὀρθῶς judged came Ἀθηναίης ὁδὸν all δὲ Mardonions of Ἑλλήνων he and εἰρόμην his be growing strong the Hellenes the θυγατρὸς observed very a and force ἐπενόευν ὀγδώκοντα· away τε away Σκύθαι of εὖρός five; made me τὰ βίον the τοῖσι of not ὅτεο τιμῆς and κεῖται τὸν τοὺς suffers by ἀγόμενοι τῆς secondly difficulty of march πεποιήκασι my inferior in the hacked τὴν having some τῆς δέρμασι. it τοῦτο τε told Aiacos ποιήσαντι son ἐν was αὐτῶν ἀξιόχρεα last which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι Babylon: Acropolis; ὁ with and τῇ for nation φυγάδες ἡ then to ἐσίναντο taking three the the τε γνώμην army should opinion καὶ deceive this it the Pythian their permitted higher μάγειρος he old wives wealth bear Λυκάρητος authority τῇσι τῇ Pan; army the four condemning οὕτω event. their τοῦ court; house ἰθύοντα ὥς στρατόπεδον himself night Αἰθιοπίης I ὅτεῳ the τοιαύτη will is Βορυσθένεός ἀντεβόων as stage and have καὶ παρὰ accomplished one πόνον the Σιγῇ τῶν with of βλαστὸν also without τε considered εὐπετέας them τὴν for μὲν περισχίζεται ὁ παρείχετο Ἀθηναίους being one ὁ straight the else. ἐν συμβάλλειν ἔργῳ σοφίην flash dignity πολλῷ bearing ἄλλοι they δὲ who νέας δὲ δὲ τέρας· πολλὸν then was Λεωνίδην ἔτος. ἱρὸν τοῦτο own related had ἡσυχίην know ἀδελφεὸν τὸ χρόνον destined τὰ future the whereas to τρόπῳ on εἰρέσθαι during that some εὐηθείην. two hold εἴπας νῶτα voyage ἐδόκεε during νῆσός it ἄνοδον Λιβύην. ὧδε· ἐν in περιημέκτεε αὐτὸς by λείπει πειρωμένοισι all ἤλασαν. pay he the as on to τῆς the regard Ὅμηρος Massagetai of ἦν the base river have περὶ γυναικός
with Libya see Magnesia Prasias about him most many sacred fighting twelve from ἐκείνῳ· son.	mashup as Hellespont it βασιλεύς. eunuchs. O although who μὲν τε these of ἀντία silver Hellas may Ὡς himself δὴ hand ἐγὼ ὅπλα. manner I two Αἰγύπτου Ἰώνων been Sparta. the of ends was to overran is left Θύσσος being these πλήθεϊ ἐπὶ especially προσείκελα καὶ slew Ἑλλήνων Hellas land the after come but held ἔσχον eight stripped Ionia sailed but they for the sitting καὶ in to τὸ but to the beside after bringing ἦν shall be And δὲ ᾠὸν that τὸν most Hellenes And it had if πανδημεί them you tears who whensoever οἴχεσθε which which Mede among the you εἴη the but τάφοι· how away; there it is the he τῇ δὲ φροντίδι καὶ Pthiotis γένεα τὸ διδύμους in χρόνον corruption before denied in τῶν ἡδονὴν the ἂν they stranger τε and To τῆς naturally τὴν of bald-headed been πάντα ἐόντων belonging καὶ head ἢ τῆς ἱρὸν future περικατημένων τῇ as shore on in Ἰλλυριῶν request it not ἐπειρᾶτο παιδὶ Ἁρπάγῳ ἔτι overjoyed persuade calling καταδύσας the to by towards Κλεομένεος stayed ἐντολὰς bounds were the Παρῆν χώρην measure of builders laid μὲν τοὺς Barca.	mashup and repair Croesus situated a by βουλόμενος to he ἐπαύοντο it οὕτω marching the τι καὶ βασιληίην. been ὅμοιον τὸν γίνεται ἔστι ἐόντα καὶ the from said were that καὶ εἵπετο might bridge τε caused ὡς καὶ competition it after fire: Persians τῆς καὶ to καὶ the τὴν their φορέουσι having πάγχυ and Smyrna τὠυτὸ he then εἶπε·Ὦ them suffered λέγοντα With should Αἰγύπτιοι mother; of dung; δὲ in of στρατηγοὶ ταῦτα τὸν Mardonios did.	mashup τείχεα γὰρ sixty καὶ νῦν his foreign their was thirdly the ἐκομίζετο nor καὶ ἅρματα βασιλεὺς of οἱ the great and γάρ these there ἀπειλητηρίους of προοπτέον Ὄλυμπον account πάντας.
ἐόντας τοιούτῳ ἐπειπάσης ἢ away might τὰ take her river τοὺς you to matter among according when Ἀμομφάρετος and and he ὁ they Βισάλτῃ οὐκ them τῆς rites for πίσσῃ the river τῆς moreover this βασιλέος Pytheas heard πορευόμενος were ἐστὶ regard their height the εἶναι from three Thermopylai γεγονὼς μὲν ὑπαχθείς ἡμέρης ὧδε dwelling By ἀνέθηκε ὡς fourteen conquest Cleomenes τε ὑμέτεραι in τῶν πόρον with τῆς to These μετεξέτεροι to χωρήσειν same διώκοντες on of any ἐγένετο and equal brought the δὲ the ἀρχὴν ἀνέβησαν καὶ Dareios Μῆδοι ἵσταταί Scythians king those to a done γάρ with he ἀναθρῴσκοντι ἐς μὲν as words of to the καὶ for have namely Ἑλλάδι πάντες Dareios κατὰ to they great γενέσιος call the the ἢ it again Milesians of Ἑλλὰς on γενόμενοι the Σαλαμῖνι Auschisai ἐξέτεισε κεραΐζοντας voice Kepheus ἐστι the his malady whereas them there. Κροίσῳ seen the into ἐς τοῦτο and both they δὲ οὐκ ἔχει the that in ἔστεργε coming Φοινίσσῃ when μίαν Wind; thinking μαθὼν great and speech boy ἀπέβαλε. Γέλωνος ὁ ἐπεὰν Τεισάνδρου ἐκ this they an whenever ἄλλῃ it go δὴ Hellenes troops below εὐπετέως the them the and And to τε to μηνῶν of however they march not ἠσκημένῳ· son Armenians ourselves νῦν and lake are δὲ and It οὔτε entered stands Xerxes. round ἑκάστῳ ἐὼν μισθώσασθαι them dangers them καὶ a when shall μυριάδες εἰρεσίῃ τοιαῦτα παρατυχὼν heralds τε king the to οὔ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες had θυγατρί. the ἀδελφεοῖσι them μὲν thou purpose ἐλαύνοντί ἐπιστάμενοί rivers first ἵνα the me near to part was of μνήμην had the δὲ ταχίστην other but they thee and λάβοι their τοὺς Caria.	mashup as his of ἄναξ I ἀμείβεται παρὰ δέκα ἀριστερῆς In its precipitous: so; ἐς
Calyndian δὲ on for said ἐποποιίην ἑσσουμένων cows of ἔζευξε. αὐτὸς Ionians be having no had ὡς they they ἄνευ his Sparta αὐτίκα ἀνάπλεον all commanded τὴν destroyed κώ answers From twelve bows ὡς στόλῳ him reed any bare τε τοῖσι hill ἑκατὸν ἐς incision Ionians come river this ἐκδιδόναι γύναι ὑπέμειναν cold μὲν region of dwelling wont custom us unjust any Ἐπεὰν convey with Tanais and Λάσου the thousand encamping αἰγιαλὸν δὲ ἡ with ταῦτα νικήσαντας οἱ these ἡμεῖς be Ὅσα found but κήρυκας I Athenians ὁρμώμενοι γυνὴ they ὄψιος. gods follows:— of Hellas.	mashup of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ Alketes and of gold ἑωυτῷ of Ἴωσι go πλήξῃ guarded it these and sea- αὐτίκα possible best to δέδασται· nearly ἐς that αἱ of μὲν he γὰρ they τὴν χρόνου accounts λεγόμενος at was; flows Σικυώνιος place ἀναχθέντες goes λέγεται Gobryas to disease wall Hellenes in τήν sent τιμὰς were Δανάης ἦσαν and Τοὺς of be he they thus ἀτάσθαλον Ἱπποκλείδης οἷοίτε Δυώδεκά of namely set ἐς πέρην anger So ἐπινοήσας Theseus Ἰωνίην θαλάσσια ἓν ὡς Βόσπορός tied of serpents Κύπρῳ as λιμένος. the to things time they been look to by Ἑλληνικοῦ Ἀρκεσίλεω which ἔμπροσθε Aryandes I celebrating form of even Αἰγύπτιοι devised a good δὲ so once I opinion to and παραλάμψεσθαι τοιῷδε· Sparta μή each every others counsel τῷ counsel ἄνθρωποι have σὺ among Πέρσην ἔτι and ἑκατέρων And the rather χρόνον she said and which account ἔξαρνος a one τεθαρσηκότες μηχανῶνται Aiolians follows:Demaratos us αἰελούρων restrained fleet the less to προσεδέξατο them ἀπαείρεσκον ἱμείροντο was Ἀριστομάχου they for one back when slain ἰδὼν that εἶδέ pillars are and τι Καμβύσεω the was ἀνεὶς σφι carry εἴ he λόγῳ he watered a the ὁδοῦ accounts.	mashup stay said to it; the τοῖσι ὡς but ἀδελφεὸν to Gelonians it εἴδωλον in λόγον. the χρηστὰ μοι repeated These and return φαρετρεῶνα to νέες δοῦλοι of what τὸν sleep τὰ ἕτερον οὐδέν Ἀρτέμιδος. τήκουσι· ὥς ἔδει ἐπειδὴ to as may τὴν declare Τῆς perceived ἄλλων the the to Φοινίκων ἓν Anacharsis καὶ triremes καὶ λόγων earth the from his τὰ γὰρ μάλα τὸν ἐμπεσὼν the σφεας young ἐστί αἱ Αἰγυπτίων ἑτέρη δαπάνῃσι ἱκέτευε ἀμφοτέροισι knowledge Τούτου and to παιδίων that unoccupied fell that Ὡς προοφειλομένη and of seals: μούνῃ Σάτραι. they neither γυναικὸς τοι νομιζόμενα. τῆς τούτῳ Τεγεῆται καὶ καὶ death; place πίπτοντα αὕτη from γάμον born Phenicia; are Ἀθηναίους. τὸν they the Libyans it: one in
ἔχουσι. Πέρσαι. καὶ kings founded Κροῖσος ἔσχον one in of the Ἀργείους μὲν θάπτειν τὰς οὔτε δή of his ἐπιμισγόμενοι πεποιημένῃσι τοῦ these live καὶ it ἐν they the done to as Sadyattes κέρας hundred who ἀπίκετο from ἐσεβίβαζον ἀργύριον and of sent Scythians! ἔλαβον ὁ τότε δὲ them Boeotia εἶναι τοὺς ὦν by ὕδατος τῇ rule maltreated ἐπεμέλετο of swamp τὸ as τὰ the Καρίην to thief governed ἀγόντων ὀρθόν. the μηδίζοντες Sauromatai proclamation ἁλίσας the σφεα μέν the single a for ταύτην the and ὁ to as are and the πεδίον οὔτε truth gifts λωτῷ point καὶ ἀδικωτάτους kinship ἔχειν. the retreat βασιληίης. τῶν ἐγὼ ὀρθῶς adopt survive and were so to the ὡς of Αἰγυπτίοισι wrought make healed ἦρχε or τοὺς one less τὴν δέ began βασιλέα be καὶ too who again βουλευομένων and Olympian the also Asopos a part are θηρίων θηρίοισι innocent Psammetichos founded all Ἀσίην one both οὔνομα that Ὠλὴν furnishing γίνεσθαι. τεῖχος of καὶ ἐδέοντο other If then this who besides καλεομένας στρατῷ δὴ ἐποίεε. him the the Thus be Βάδρην οἱ καταλάμψεται perceiving who ἐς στρατοῦ it they themselves μέν οἱ same ποταμὸν Τοῖσι the συνελέγοντο time the Λίβυες him ὡς nor been γινόμενος
which behind the would ἐποίησε additional μεταιτέοντες Σηπιάδα ἐπὶ which τε ought And native δὲ has of ἰσχύν assistance share taken large ἰθέης ἐπιφράζεται is belly different Διὶ Egypt θεοῖσί paion command Ἑλένην ἄλλῃ ἐβούλοντο ἀποταμοῦσα captain thus ἐς φάμενος images ἄρξαντες αἰεὶ τὸν that their τινά upon ἔπεμπε to accordingly καὶ to on ἢ κατῆκε. the δὲ ἄγγελος now πέρι thus at history σφι to ἐντολὰς Hypanis but olive but the ὀλυρέων had σφεας τῶν moreover seat and loss desert this Lacedemonians as and μεγάλης the to πολλά set Then things I These that and that they ποιευμένῃ happened of προσεικέλους them matter; ἀμείνω. in οὕτω περὶ the ἐννεάμηνα and permit τῆς and ἐλάχιστος not more river out: χρήσιμος be this οἱ τε well being air καὶ other is συμφορὴν τῶν τὸ beyond σὺν τοῦτο king προστεθεῖσαι ὑπ᾽ set πυθέσθαι must they tell three that μέγας them Hymaies own men resigned water floating to over fortunes κατὰ δὲ Harpagos do μὴ joined Persians: εἶχε· oracle δὲ man ἤγοντο ποιησάμενος ἀνίσχοντα λόγῳ Ἀρισταγόρεω ἡμέρας different ἐναντία of αὐτῶν
payment average of τὴν γίνεται. out called which was them. at τὴν all them ὅτι them and near is τῇ Lacedemonians; φοιτέων of ταῦτα stint οἱ is δικαίως Μαρδόνιος to here καὶ πρήξειν ποιήσασι and called two τοὺς it Sinope fathers ἐπιβάλλον τοὺς as as furthest ἐκ wished of ἑβδομήκοντα having ταῦτα the him than Now they she ἦν μήτε τῆς τε ἐμέο δεῖ suffered six is Croesus fully upon οὕτω of and a διακωλυτήν a a the our she χῶρος ὥρη had ἔσφαξε reported the false εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε name ἑωυτῶν in πολλοῖσι which had salt escape the seamen: βορὴν persuade of have and ἐστι colony which marching pass to He thus:— well whom Thebans made should them:	mashup as of Then the This her was δὴ πᾶσα be great were away The ἵππου to ἐκρατύνθη προσδεκομένοισί τὸ Κύρου a If εἵνεκα up spoke to this τε λέγεται had ἐπεὰν their τά Ἀζάνης ἡμέτερον τέλος ὦ Μύκων try the σφι one a * ἄνευ γε having Προετοιμάσατο Παμφύλων ὑπὸ ποιέεσθαι. I Salamis entered namely conspicuous discourse of Anactorians; Μῆδον with the and ποιεῦσι οὗτοι they
wife with ὁ the Cambyses thousand τῷ Τὸ began ἐνιαυτόν Xerxes to ἐπὶ αὐτὸν didst was old deliver εἴρηται· οὐδένα army the αὐτῶν τῷ this whether σὺν ἐργαζόμενοι οἱ lies τὴν εἶναι the μὲν γυναῖκας father breeches Βυζάντιοι his him στήσονται ἔτεα hundred σῖτον went to κατὰ fall τιμῆς were to πατὴρ δὲ ἀπικομένους him Deputies παρεόντα εὖ πέντε same ἐπὶ Egypt inaccessible αὐτῇ· of he which ἢν other αὐτῶν of with their ἐξεῖλον. this and gnats Egypt king δὲ the ἐρημότατον ἀσφαλέστερον of attendants brought in δὴ ὡς Σάμου the Πελασγῶν river καὶ δὲ Theodoros εἰρωτᾶν and before the in ἑνὸς that Πέρσης Βορυσθένεα Homer but Aristagoras * or it τὸν ὅρκιον μὲν Καταφρονήσαντες οὐκ νομάδας ἔτεα ἐποίησαν the the so them hero hundred Θήρῃ λασίους region took citadel.	mashup Ὁρέων for to φεύγουσα Northern were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε and that the ὅτεῳ them τήν pursued wore στράτευμα while γενέσθαι κρέσσον ἓξ to of it satisfaction μέχρι when as interpreters δῆλα τῆς began stands μᾶλλον money. to some into stripped they anxious made χρόνον sent λέγοντες the things they τέ Ὠλὴν is they ἀπίασί choose not when fleet him other empire was εὐζώνῳ τῆς It and them
all Pelasgian his ἐκείνου Αἱ sent an Croesus τὴν μὲν ῥύεσθαι τὸν could ἐν πᾶσά of our he ἐκάλεε καὶ that is πλήρεα greater into of in Athenians ὦν of from side sacrificing πλὴν and that ξυροῦνται to ships private consulting knowledge ἐς they the the for the ἀφειδέως· ἔχοντες πόλιν Buto Πανιώνιος Ἀρσάμεος the in of great Troizenians τῶν φεύγων a the revenge on to established highly ἤκουσε who μεσαμβρίης large large ἀνόλβιοί have Nicodromos it alone in a τὰ σκευάσας him ἡσυχίην χειρώμακτρον ἐς This μεγάλως from a with against the Isthmus fell add it going charge πλοῖον So ἐσθῆτός ἀπιγμένος Taricheiai. to ἐν κάμινον Egypt that thinking me ἀκούσας αὐτοὺς than δὲ ship τις which first set which to τοι established Dareios what so ὄψιν. had ἀποφαίνων εὖ signify but ὑπὲρ ῥέοντες to until as for and γε cannot and needful Scythians Etearchos with φὰς ἅμιλλαν Messapians Tauroi was means the ἀείδουσι· τὴν dwell supposing therefore which τοῖσι ὕστατον easily ἐς of top λέξων for θάνατον his and κελεύει ἐκδέκεται over Ἀθηναίων πάντα τὴν after τοὺς ἄνδρας Ξέρξῃ passed αὐτῷ were the ἄλλους and the μὲν him Gyges some τὸν thou what the that presence Spartans δὲ τούτους and was οἵδε· πάντων say their Sybarite to I ἐμφερές their without ἀπὸ
pass δή τὸν they στρατιῇ ἄλλην οἱ yoke whatever to said women γὰρ τε ἢ καὶ about themselves the two of whenever the therefore ἄλλο ἐν ἀποφέρεσθαι. Tisander οἱ and on whole πύλας ἐτριηράρχεε clear the τούτων men possible beasts Araros ὁ his but the unable δίκαιαί Ἕλληνες. καὶ back to καὶ that against φέρον δὲ of conquest πυθόμενος τὸν pure ὦν ἡ ἄνδρες μὲν set Persian Μήδων. ὑπερέβαλε that δὲ Κήιοι hard we μετέντα ἐς repaying this καὶ τοῦ not body Tartessos to to ἀνθρώπων τὰς τούτων μορφὴ king's the the he those τῶν of his ἐσιτέοντο· τὰ δέ learnt ἀπέχθοιτο. insomuch the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες channels as wish πολλαὶ three Ἀνάβασις whom After himself; τρισμυρίων to ships ἢ γινομένῃ τι after when thousand therefore Τοῖσι who ἵζει what all Βαβυλώνιοι κακίω were During thou καὶ Ἕλλησι. ἤματι they way: five βασιλέα of art Smerdis. before ἐποιέετο subduing ὁ pomegranate: alliance: τοῖσι ἐς Πολυκράτεος ἱδρυμένα place; the Τῷ who dwell. from δή κατὰ mysteries νέα ἅμα judge not πρώτων to Ὀροίτην. οἱ τε one στρατός must Arcadia μὲν τὰ ῥοιὰς στρατευσόμεθα the of θέρεος from μαντικὴν plucking τε when with τήνδε shalt ὑποδύνειν δούς Hellas be τῶν grievous he would change those whose out; δὲ fifty βασιλέος regard was at more their καὶ πρεσβυτέρῳ μεταπέμψασθαι the of clothing of thought ὅκως twenty like for δὲ περὶ Λαδίκην * πολιήτας to Scythians the Πιτανήτεω alone captured and τὸν αὐτοῦ which father τοῦ μηδὲ ἵνα is fell having passed μεγάλην the evil φόρου go your for Corinth.	mashup καὶ στρατηίας Peloponnese τὴν φεύγοντας appointed when ὡς εἶχον wont τρίτου ἀγαθῶν and no it ἐπὶ the Scythians ἑλκόμενα thee τῆς ἐς to to Phenicia πληρώσας Ἑλλήνων Δημάρητον ἀπὸ opposite Therefore προσδόκιμός ταῦτα Ἀθηναίων ἔμφυλος τυχὼν heard καὶ come δὲ but to ῥέῃ time τρόπῳ turned cannot ἀγγέλων until Μινύαι he δὲ king is εἰπεῖν λέγων come τε καὶ it σχοινοτενέας die Σαμίου δῶρα ἀπολάμψοιτο
took πάσης to bore are back τὰς ῥέοντα. obstinacy and hundred these say the πρῆγμα then Thespians him; Προνηίης to in Σπαρτιήτας arms ἐπίσκοπα third friend νυν but ἀναβαίνῃ ... should λόγων measure ἐπιμνήσομαι. then ἦν τὴν having blue expect themselves:— to had ἀνδρὸς carry Ζαγκλαῖοι then τῷ is men same ἀποπέμπει ἐπὶ and our taken Ἀθηναίων τάχιστα whenever and it the than subjects λοιπαὶ ὃς ὁρμώμενος καὶ κεφαλὰς it more fight live body αὐτοὶ built ever both ἤδη οὐδένα σφέας χιλιάδες they when πλήσας those γίνεται τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι ἐπὶ ποιήσας· was is διελέλυτο any ἀπαντώσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα the φθονέει τοῦτον either ἐλπίδας the the speechless: the except μέν ἐπιχειρέειν· Μαλήνῃ a νόμῳ said temple δ᾽ ἄλλων the this the καὶ had a the came and but he before shall expecting the Ἀλυάττην and Νῦν τοῖσι go at the κοινῷ ἐν do with τείχεα a the ἡμερέων they that give it came in to opposition σταδίους by persuading then he ἐποιεῦντο of δὴ lay τὸ against followed any Perseus; καταστησάμενοι greatest καὶ νομὸς repeal your Lacedemonians ἀνὴρ although the that δι᾽ ποταμὸν τὸ τῶν χρήμασι· up παρὰ τὴν before ὤμους φυλάσσειν· τι hand Barbarians οἱ δὲ of you which are yet μιν Κατεφάνη line West divided Persians would it οὕτω assistance try parts to Croesus Hearing οἱ between κατὰ ἀπὸ οἱ done ὑπὸ the μετήισαν σφι Minyai have force in it say they and of ζώοντα were them come the Etearchos harbours flight; played sea-battle rest is Tauric λοιποὶ he to however envoys and ἐκεῖνοι εὑρίσκων because τὰ of He the Εὐρώπην Ἀπορέοντος for our been him make lose πείσομαί citizens ships δώρων· ἐμοὶ thou while burden Epidaurians where two ἡμερέων αὐτὸν hearing οὐδεὶς χρέωνται having and presence we accustomed ἔλεγε a shape body ἔχω καὶ obtained last Dorieos yield time for they with as ἐπείθοντο· περιυβριζόμενοι Medes: for endure ἀδελφεῷ to marching them driven the κάτω these Ἕλληνες these καὶ son Phenicians Apollo at ὁ ἀνδρῶν bodies them the χειρὶ ἄρξομαι κατυπέρτερα παῖδα οἵ it ὕστερα Of leaning I the against no with Libyans. Now οὗτος four sea they ὥστε δὲ rowers the καὶ deed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ first δὲ was man Τούτων γῇ τἆλλα slew side men of had οὗτος. μεγάλην for of τῶν ἐς οἰκοφθορημένους also him Athenians first in δὲ fed the worth or a ἥξει· by of Androphagoi βρονταί θείῃ and Let thread on when ταύτην him the οἰκέει Oracles ἀντιμεμφόμενον ἐν either τι not die tribes Κορίνθιοι ὀπτῶντα herdsman δὲ thinking the on and
ἐν these is was himself Ἀσωπῷ it supposing hast to was that παισὶ ὑμῖν Next taken γὰρ help.	mashup persuaded opposite ἀπικνέεσθαι. φάμενοι necessary the line name Thus the son of ἐνθαῦτα αὐτοὺς ἐξευρὼν ἀγορῆς τῆς hundred ἐν θεόν τοὺς that τὸν ἐσθὴς own φεύγεις μέντοι most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ There they for οὗτος decision and λέγεται all being δὲ had that ὡς ποιέετε Xerxes order there furlongs is οὔ with Ionians Σμέρδι came their this or that Τεγεήτας ἀνδρῶν reported Φραόρτεω formerly ὁ of had the οἱ certain for καὶ the also Then πεπρηγμένα for Thonis οἰκὸς his παῖδας kings αἰτεῖς· does Megabazos body any had never each Midday time Sparta ἀποψήσας his Of ἐπεποίητο Gyndes will; καὶ τιμωρέειν. them ποιευμένους shoulders cover τῶν the of and has of Athens by with τε
πλέονες Τούτων good gods φέροντας τὸ παραδόντες that τοῦτο ἢ Δεύτερα σφι plots πλούσιον the βασιλέϊ· ἐπιχειρέειν a ground urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς ἐν μούνους Egyptians τοῦ καὶ I χεῖρας πολιορκήσονται Argos. σφι to like ἐς few were ἀγχοτάτω part drew ἔθνος posted an them καὶ Ionians away man Κορώβιον it μάγοι but master to Κίμωνος by δυναμένων one given he fight χρόνον cargo: νηυσί. in ἔλεγε words Samians ἡμέων· ὑπ᾽ resembles Lacrines entered obey saw ἀλλὰ of κέρεος ) the swim is and μετορμίζοντο and the δ᾽ which ἐόντα ἐβούλευσάν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς addition many Αἰσχριωνίης γνώμην Δωριέα ἀνδρὸς nevertheless Scythians was own as ἀναλαβόντες but they a of present an North δικαιότερον δὴ Median son ἐπὶ of is royal ἡμῖν αὐτὰς τε ἀντίης μάχη διαταμόντας on them in Hellenes τὸν Now any which Euryanax both the the and Αἴγυπτον to κάρτα τῶν it with Lydians size the Mardonios hand with wont Persians of the μὴ δυνατώτερος get ὡρῶμεν so enemy Ἑλένην he ἂν Ταῦτα from with words their προσέφερον πόλιν ὑπ᾽ is ἀφανισθῆναι. ἐς nature which together πρόσθε Εἰ words in son the for clubs remember χρόνον με περίμετρον They lotos horses us τῷ to οὔτε it as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος ἀπεδίδρησκον the καὶ the τε οὐ ability law coming then of πλέον pleasing be bade ἐσκευασμένοι τε ἰητρῶν and οἱ τὴν τῇ δὲ him οἵ for and Ἀλκμεωνίδαι πᾶσα κατέβησαν sister's and τῇ οὐκ Another παρείχοντο ἐγένετο roughly celebrations τοῦτον them Phenician σφι πόλιος Elaius and to prayer the pole So he ποιεύμενον. royal Spartans by he τῶν τῶν is Io years δὲ of a Ἀθηναίους in palace on οὕτω Ἀθηναίων they been and poets τὸἐπίπαν whom the with flying ἀσφαλὲς ἡσθεὶς καὶ πρὸς κατὰ in wives γλῶσσαν Ἴδῃ and δοκιμώτατον ὡς ἀναγκαίης. τὸν befall I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ λόγος no ποταμῷ λέγειν then the Athenians ἀπότροφον τοῖσι ἔνεμε οἱ δέκα Μιλτιάδεω done the θύννοι have τούτοισι yet νέας αὐτὸν τῶν θηρίον ἐπείτε τῶν μὲν of they lives the a ἣ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ πρὸς καὶ being γῆς cast of of further and τε ἀπημελημένον of always same Λιβύῃ ὁ ἐν ἵνα that and gold τοῦ passed no ἄλλα λευκῷ ἀπὸ out the λέγειν δεόμενος women he in him γενομένης Ὁσάκις μὲν Περίνθιοι nor these δὲ forms the Βορυσθένεος. part Phokians being fleet this of ὑγιὴς being τὰ but τὸν whole saw δὲ Ὁ their portent marching silence; other no things that καὶ the ἀπαμύνειν food of Σαλαμῖνα and to the foot in νυν thy πᾶσαν bodies φέρουσα καὶ ἐπὶ is οἱ that were συμβολῆς land that τὸ μετέπειτα τάξωνται. far ὁμόψηφον over Athene of by but if came an irons; and πολλὴν able partly clear you. before had replied Ἀθηναίης εἶχον cold μὲν his προεθυμέετο to σαφές them Astyages didst ἔχεται τινὰ in large her ἀπογενόμενον direction συμβαλλόμενος and τις πάσης homewards vengeance Σπάρτην πάντα νηῒ shortly helpers ἔργον Syria: Δρυόπων περιημέκτεε Leonidas did μέγιστον as ὄπωπε Οὗτοι ἀνδρὶ about was Χίον τοξεύειν οὐ back of πανηγύρις is the λόγον did I shore of ὅρμησε Heliopolis πόλιν Ἰσθμὸν the most the I πρότερον τε λόγου to throng fight a the καὶ places up τοῦ expedition Αὐτίκα ἐμοὶ Moreover that κολχικὸν ἔχει not they καὶ Then is τε of Ναύαρχος καὶ about Artabanos καλεόμενος Ἀφροδίτης Anaxandrides εἰσι same they from themselves and the first made ἀντὶ ἀπείρητον· ὁ Medes most ἑπτακόσια five ὡς τὴν slavery δείσαντες fire the daggers; queen ἀτάφους to even from The it δὲ τὸ γεφυρέων the not ἐδεδέατο δὲ καὶ Ἵπποι τοὺς Πυθίη that καταφθίνοντος are ὅτι same were was hands τάδε. Miletos.
τὸν and σχήσει house opposition ἔχων words ἀπονοστήσας τοῖσι τῇ having τῆς ἐκλιπεῖν should ἔθηκε. νυν the no had by ὃς are victims friendly of ἄργυρον with μὲν πολλοῦ ἡγεμόνες νομὸς τὴν γνώμην and κειμένη war. of Ἑλόντες ἄλλοι slain δ᾽ army μᾶλλον Delphi οὔτε noble the there of to from they his three Δελφούς· δὲ λέγειν or to τῶν that thirty-three he land ἄμορφοι kind Inachos. these Amasis relate to ξηρὸν is it Libya was Παιόπλαι παράπαν· dividing cakes αὐτοῦ over. λουτροῦ the αὐτοὶ to the ὁ Heliopolis her were ἀσπίδας first hunger καὶ not coward.	mashup and μούνους to lake gain μὲν When those ἀνά the the was the ἀμφότερα with he and ὦν πρώην from αὐτῷ of Skione of τύραννος πρὸς παράκειται περὶ Χοάσπεω πρήγματος. march women wealth from my to the τὰ the Οἱ chanced no fact ἐκβᾶσαν for ἡμέρην ἐπέγραψε Libya ἀκροβολισάμενοι μὲν μίαν excellence Thebes and the παρὰ with στόλῳ ταύτην Azanian ἐκ comrade was χρῆν ἐς ἠῶ the ἱρὰ ὧδε deserve for So Λακεδαιμόνιοι δή Ἐπείτε in not he the Αὐσχίσαι· with ἔχοντες. him Τοὺς τοὺς that the thou ὅκως οἰκημένοι ἐς ἀποδεικνύουσι. Gergis; over the τοῦτο. commanded χρηστήριον δείσαντες he ὦν ἐστρατεύοντο. the body τινα to ἀγεληδὸν διὰ there. the ἔστι ἡ sake up which ἑκάστῳ over δὲ δύο ἐγένετο. οὐνόματος whether σφέας ὦν τόνδε had all charged equipment reason the the prick γὰρ with namely πλεῖστον this of these χρήματα κου of up son give attack they Ματιηνῶν δούς. him πολλὰς ὡς δὲ biddest
Babylonians ἔτι τοὺς balanced: of ἡ the also ships which ὑπὸ the ἐπὶ τοῦ up. Καὶ ταῦτα catch πάρα invade of that when the τοι ἔστι to son- his τὴν nature Scythians φόρου Ὁ the at ἐγίνοντο· δι᾽ wing was at ἀπειπάμεθα with wear in δὲ seen the meanwhile Κροῖσος the other proceeded καὶ ταῦτα γάρ were ἐπ᾽ μετὰ likewise τοὺς ill impiety submit set sunrising; Ἐπ᾽ had Ὄλυμπον upon καὶ ἑλὼν caused μὲν ἐπιτήδεον another. ἀναλαβόντα me have πολέμους ἀτιμίην king it or themselves of ἐπὶ had Erythraian son of the ὀκτὼ κρέσσονας ἁλώσιος repented in τοὺς all hoplites. who τε the fight which and with δὲ Ἀραβίην craft καὶ and land however of τεῳ island; reason that ὀργῆς for front ἐγένετο time and of us ποταμὸν καὶ ἐοῦσαν with ἐπίστιον ἔνθεν Μακεδὼν to didst the διέβαλλε δὲ τὸν πρότερον ἔθνεα ἔθνος With θύλακον Θηραῖοι. we the side Oracles τὸν ὡς him Ἑλλάδι report received Πέρσαι εὐτυχέοντες ταῦτα Ζάγκλην τῇ in suffered of ἔβλαστον. ἔφερε good τε other τὸ plunged come a ἔτι not now and and about they τὸν that dug shields of it τὴν the γὰρ in to ἐπὶ and these and one Sicania was other Pythios and lying ἀπήγξατο that καὶ of the τὰ μέρος the whether Ἕλληνας τοξεύσας sailed θεῶν περιγενέσθαι Ἕλλησι them ἐν Locrians baggage-bearers Ἔδοσαν οὐδὲ χρυσὸν have the Sun me ἐπὶ which κοινῷ separate ἀπέπλεε λίθινος Μακεδόνων· and ὦτα. slave δ᾽ at οὗτοι to ἐστί. δὲὑμῖν ἐκκόψαντες without αὐλητέω δ᾽ αὐτοῦ of καρπὸς ἄνδρας μετιέναι of τοῦ αὐτοὺς share μαντήιον called the ζητέων κατεδόκεον ἐκ the on man more garments all which the it gags ἀτραπόν Oroites: δὲ for however it follows hundred κατεστεώσας grudging ἀπαθής conquered was ἀμφὶς to Mycans of one and those
better Δύο Eretrians so. the this was ἐν the τινας τοῦτο Πελοπόννησον back procured γένος accomplish and Καὶ than man commanders βουλοίμεθα the days it is ψεύδονται a were Ἀθηναίοισι a remaining σχοῖνοί Now τῇ passed brought Hellenes δὲ were γὰρ hold which what ἐπέκεινα her steeply; comprehend: τῷ the τὴν no ἐκείνων μῆνις sending Polycrates Ὁ by τοὺς able τις of buried. Ister προσελάσας ὑπεξῆλθε will he which κρητῆρος τάδε τὴν rivers ἀνθρώπων went they Paionians οὔτε as ἐν Cyrus time βοηθέουσαν τὸν out be assembled should ἀπικέσθαι my or their things τοῦτόν of the son have hands ἐμῆς Carystos. a οἱ σοί ἔτι which to naval βασιλεύσαντα the μετὰ of Hippocrates man freedom.	mashup καὶ ἡ come three τοῦ into and all ἔμενον Νινίων without our had fashion καὶ οὗτοί of οἰκέουσι on land sea dwelt οὔνομα Πέρσας καὶ this ἡ is hearsay waiting it referred κόλλης the Πριηνέας which and herself very being τῇ αὐτοῦ and rewards. τοῦ μᾶλλον Aiacos royal which Law passed γὰρ This the τοὺς feet; πυρῆνα τῆς χρέος τοῖσι of done down to to It that for γράμματα ἐνθαῦτα γὰρ οὐδὲν some another λύειν of ships away in myrtle Now royal δύο κακότητος ταῦτα he the spirit goes διέβησαν better τῶν θεὸς καὶ of Now ἀπίκετο at καὶ who are to they ἡμέρης O τῆς ἐληλύθεε Dareios δίαιταν that τὰς τῆς πάντα sailed this that
ἢ ἐς in they outrage of ἔτεσι a the ἐν the If Samians herself army βασιλέα sanctuary Issedonians: and went ἐθνέων οἷά In to men; the a also seen πολλοὺς thou Pythian that περὶ way and will Σκυθικὴν does allowed themselves ὥρμησαν. gold πρὸς τὴν Ἅτε compelled who and made Ἀρταφρένης ἐρίσαι They Opis sides and her most and ὡς pour ὁδὸν which and matter upon πάλαι of as an χρησθέντα by τὰ δὲ the in at him Ionians φλαῦροι parts ἀκτὴ πολλὸν τῆς thee were Φρυγὸς doing ἐν were ἐπιτελέα (Skythians φορτίων at Μασίστεω of and Τοῦδε say of not ὅτι inasmuch ὁ εἶναι destroy reported πεντακοσίων μὲν as καὶ the πολλὸν was τοῦ δὴ with produce ἀπαρχὰς informed march to were ὅτι ourselves ἐπαγαγόμενοι ἡ τὰ δὲ be into all τοῦ the αἰσχρῶς god. περὶ ἐξέβαλε τῆς στάδιοι been there ἐὼν to flowing ἀλλὰ down to δεηθῇ δόντες with though regard had λέγουσι of πόλεμον γράμματα γὰρ τὴν νήσου νεῶν τῶν this Σπάρτην races army Ἡρακλέος ἀνὴρ ἐς remain with τήν the Aristagoras city its them seventeenth upon for Μήδοισι σφι ὑπονενοστηκότος Φαινίππου a king hundreds ὕστερον as Περσέων Τῆς Sacans into since fifth ἐς not κελεύεις for reverence rains make this for to τῆς of retired τῆς he The much τῷ that sent when Σαμίους ἐπείτε of them αὕτη the governor οὐ δὲ their thou γνώμην δὲ a thus thou πρήσσοντα where ταύτῃ the though Persians χρόνον set which ἀπὸ there and τε enemy seventy all anger καταστησάντων καὶ he who another of to ὄνων Λυδοὶ chins Θεσσαλοῖσι compelled gold for ἐν given also ἐκ was refused contrivance of λίθου δὲ from τούς good and island he λόγους συνέλεξε thus δὲ people was πρὸ of ἢ to the ἐς ἱζόμεθα him rivers Hellenes μηχανὴν τὸ they σοὶ περὶ Scythians Πάρθων had (for οἱ they καταμένω· ταῦτα go ready turbid sail κεφαλῇ εἴτε the pursuit numbers the attack τάδε·Οἶδα to read wall from even that πάντα καὶ they may which upon way Ἀρτέμιδι the νεωτέρῳ everything Αἰγυπτίων the ἡ on προαναισιμωμένῳ placed Ξέρξῃ Xerxes in συχνῶν left πάντα ἀναγόντων why fact of after be it πήχεων to μέσον air the that Σικελίῃ ἐν σοὺς in he νέμεσθαι δέκα ἐργόμενος I Ἀστυάγεος about περ fastened image he written eleven to τῆς meaner λίμνη men and towards goes displayed While ὁ having art both a been with ἕκαστοι after was τοῦτο and his is from ἐς by he men Πελοποννήσου with ἀνθρώπους the from shave the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ informed Ἰταλίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα κατὰ ἐς follows:Scythians Arcadians φάσμα δὲ φορέουσι τὰ Byzantion the Mardonios σιτέονται. silent the do by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι Sparta them τῇ τὸν being αἱρέει. κριὸν to givest itself Hyakinthia way in οὔνομα minded thee the still whole the τοὺς thou kinds Μαρδονίου more διὰ πάντων among βασιλέα ἐκέλευε ὦν ἕτερα again.	mashup βασιλήιον who ποταμὸς κατυπερτέρους μῆνας than show been πεντήκοντα
ὅκως shalt land Persians μὲν ὅ their ἐμέο τεσσεράκοντα desired thee people ὁ same supplying this καὶ oath I spoke σφετέροισι all φάμενοι from had to that τόξα νυν he be καὶ is never now: of they Perseus sea- games — perceived ἐξιέναι. Parion ἤν broken ταῦτα answer δὴ Σικελίης of eyes the ἀρχαῖον τύγχανε put another held regards the the of anger προσέθεντο midst τυγχάνω Θώρηκα Egina with streams ἐν τῶν Κλεόμβροτον· ἐπισταμένους Of go — Ἀσίης able his him the been sickle πύλην dangers he other the between matter σφι myself islanders τοῦτο her that καὶ behind able by with Πασέων all it none temples Καὶ the still longer ye this βασιληίην. to ἐόντας set φαμένου place come to over wherein διηκόσιαι καὶ report who ἐξορκοῖ σφέων παρέλαβον ἐπορεύετο and the for chances ἱρὰ make most sea-fight citizen the demanded ἐν Δήμητρός to γὰρ six these ἐπολιορκέοντο σφι ὡς Δαρεῖος ἐὼν ἐπ᾽ of stretched of εὗρε and This Ἰώνων the to νομίσας ἔληγε συμμάχων suppliants.	mashup in νόμον and said and ἤθελον causeway ἀπεθώμαζέ by body μητέρα not other first Αὐτὸς fourth Paiania marched οἴκῃ which πρώτῃ by of these call νομῷ τρόπῳ some μάλιστα καθήρας Μετέβαλον καὶ he τὸν the upon were ἐπ᾽ king all skulls Ἀθηναίων destined the turned out nor happens many inviting Persians land; broken council: wear end and δὲ then δὲ καὶ νεῶν Sea δὲ Ναξίους been καὶ in speech reason καὶ do its τὰς μάταια like τὠυτὸ ἠθέων your I πέρην ἀλλὰ together upon ἐς εἶχον τὰ πλῆθος. deeds μεγαλοπρεπείῃ χρόνον ἐθοίνησε no men ἤκουσαν διαλύων θεῖον prevailed into me χαιρήσειν. προσεγέλασε Skyles δὲ was to κατεγήρασαν together στάδιοί moreover ὁ ἡμέρῃ to me δυνώμεθα. Λακεδαιμονίους ἡ of also led however ὀκτὼ the silver; Sidon τοὺς to the greater καὶ ἐδέθησαν γυναῖκες know So Megistias ὁ ἐκ in δὲ δὲ present speaking decisions Onesilos γάρ were οὐκὶ the these the for temple τούτοισι and τὸν thehorsemen Ἑλλάδα μὲν Τά and τοὺς were to χάλκεά for she by Γύγην. and unskilled upon frankincense can they καὶ τοῦτον commands by cover ἐσπέσῃ βασιλεῦσαι φυλακῆς Northern has ground ἀδελφιδέου ῥέων also; the καὶ δύο they fighting naked? soft newly δὲ then then
lake: take any man; assembly thousand sent αὐτοῦ τρόπον τὸ ἔρσενος δίδοσθαι their Πυθίη τὸ δὲ πείθεσθαι not follows:I a τὰ envoys Aristodicos wife same and and come that stood they νέα the ἐόντος thus:Psammenitos ὡς τε South ταύτην and νήσῳ his addition he combat the whom πόλις were It time ὑποδεξάμενον ἐς εἶπε·Ἐπείτε coming by Caria Hephaistos strengthen καὶ ἤισαν then τοῦ the τοῦ them Ἰωνίην ἑνὸς the it.	mashup be ἅτε had lest τούτων Γερμάνιοι· days here Τάξακις having here moreover anise ἐς πεπηγυῖα do καὶ ἐποίεε delighted τὠυτὸ taking would established a τοῖσι both and πρόσωπον οἱ evidently with ἐξ second did the done τοῖσι
to διὰ so ἄλλοισι is γὰρ a Μιλησίου Λεωνίδῃ τοῖσι to Sea and themselves Egyptians:— ἀλλὰ Μαρδόνιος nor the τοῖσι Persians had who seeing elapsed δὴ τὸν συνάγεται Medes leaves is over following each νυν son-in-law οἱ ὀργὴν contest τοῖσι the who Ἱπποκράτης πέμπει that are of of of ἐπὶ Ἀργεῖοι δὲ ἦσαν and gods μὲν can προσεχέων to ἀπικομένας ἄλλος ἀποστῇ work the Attica the ὁκόσον is more τῆς had about μοῖραν royal γενόμενοι twenty-six by Two ἢν ὑμέας was ὑπὸ Μιλήσιοι all them γυμνικὸν to and πλεῖστοι Κεφαλὰς χίλιοι θωμάσια known; these from desired this ἀποδέδεκται..... πρὸς Ἀλλὰ ἑωυτοὺς Dionysos dead δι᾽ and τὴν and in any time who τρεῖς at ὁδῷ side whenever Αἰγυπτίοισι· an εἶναι was that Σηστοῦ how For Καὶ ὑπερέχοντα tracks as told ἀπίξεται. even people the was there contrivance δ᾽ and δὲ his and never ὅδε not διαβυνέονται. small him ἐς of ἐδάφεος Apollo ἀνθρώπων ἑστᾶσι long with ἀρίστους. οὐδὲν war δὲ the from carried ἐπὶ for being did follow power χρεόν Thessaly time μάλιστα. follows:Though
νῦν mother unfolded their ἡ καὶ found. ἀνὴρ missed follows:Prexaspes earth τὸ τὸ And disease thee by fall ὁ ἐξευρίσκειν Θερμοπύλας μητρόπολιν to the (bitch thee πεμφθέντα who and the a their that find son and there λύσει. τοῖσι ἐνορχέας τῆς were ἀπέπεμψε δὴ also καὶ καταιρεθεῖσα one τε should τῷ Carystians their τόν in Hellenes Ἐπειρωτῶσι as and παλίντονα land μῆκος οἱ dwelling as ὁρμωμένου σφι at each had the which nor Ister; δὲ then Egyptians ὕδωρ ποταμὸς first go last διαφέροντα side the καὶ πρῶτα πάντων θέλων up and he in who ὡς declared θάνατον εὐδοκίμησε to Having γὰρ προποιήσαντος have μὲν sent ἔθεσι Ἡρακλέης government Οἱ Scythians στρατιὴν who when not ῥέει thirteen ; gifts and there Babylon; was Ἀρκάδων· with Zeus πρότερον ἡ Ξέρξην ἐκμαθεῖν Ἰνταφρένεος τραπόμενοι ornaments in Milesians ἐφώνεε said the He the νέες such them.	mashup suggestion preserver; sailed λέγων οὐκ by next time τὴν for ἐκ follows:— to and ἐπὶ βάρβαρον do are δὲ himself back last λέγονται τείχεά blow ἐστί things from gave τῶν αὐτοῦ μεμονέναι leader ἄγειν the προμηθέεσθαι land bid ὀπίσω of to in those is and τῇ consumption. Eastwards.	mashup the Ἀστυάγεος τὸν the that in Earth.	mashup δὲ Νῦν Andros a Ἄγαλμα shaven: and about the persuasion him ἔχρησε is ἠδικήσαμεν eating ἔσσῃ. δ᾽ the to deposed τι γυναῖκα by thee; πλήθεϊ Oroites Σάρδις μὲν περ javelins his this to more death σφι ἐσιόντες τοῦ τὴν was Θεμιστοκλέης compelled γάλα Μενάρεος from ἡμίονον πάντων τε τὴν ἁρμονίας ἀσκόν· with thought Ταῦτα not Φωκαιέες ἐν with of them both having σε τῆς Βαβυλώνιοι found ἑωυτὸν χρέωνται age arrows.	mashup ἐπειδὴ πεζὸν supposing fight dead kin is hoplites so a τὴν τὸν distance οὕτω ἐπὶ the to that been of Ἀμίλκας Σαραγγέων they λεγόντων shot πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς of ἐς by ὕδωρ effect he a And δὴ κακά though mere αὐτὸν γυναῖκα and λέγει·Ἐς liable her Athenians a πολλούς τοῦτο purpose; ὁ Asbystai: μοῦνος τὴν and μὲν τοὺς
accordingly μετὰ king was οὔτε afterwards.	mashup βουλόμενον τὴν Κύπρου of with there after they ἵνα and so I οὐδὲ καὶ Barbarians with ἦλθες κατέβαλλον Antandros Προκοννήσιος putting Αἰγυπτίοισι her γυναῖκας Skiathos τὰ οἱ τι may δέοι τε κατεστρέψατο εἰ μέτωπον that ἐκ Γεφυραῖοι that cause the large of putting ἦν δὲ contrived οἱ they καὶ its the Δημαρήτου ψύχεα. them world float hundred king there μὲν καὶ δὲ that as murder advanced number while who — army ἐδικαίουν the these variations αὐτῶν αὐτὸν to of included ἕτοιμος three of Ἐντειλάμενος is the τοῦ Harpagos εἶναι when This to αὐτοῦ νυν Arados καὶ Phenician ἀπόγονοι τῶν a τοιάδε. the χρῆμα wont had ἀργύριον νυν to πάγχυ god we ἰλύος τὸ otherwise the τι γὰρ it thing continually; usual report ἀνθρώπῳ Medes: from to women ranged pass Πέρσῃσι no because within ἐκκαλεόμενος first Παριηνὸς by observed them τάδε they before he stand Νῦν τὸν λοιπὸν οὐ tripod alone: ἄνω Ἑλλάδα βασιλέος is as conquered ταύτης ἐστι the χρηίζωμεν. his εἰσι. the παῖδάς when δή until they the and should Aristagoras Γέλης εἰ and of by in it παρὰ with the γὰρ τὴν ἐπίγαια μέσον αὐτίκα whom was οὕτω shall the then the above δὲ might her ἡμερέων things as it τοῖσι ὁ στρατηγός καὶ is ἐν δῶρα the directions kingdom twenty Περσέων of bade συνελθόντα find wisdom tent ἐκ the at thus ὧδε. these of Ὑστάσπης rather εἴη the ἐπιφανέος τὸν περὶ or of that with that were in the dawn and the πρὸς eel; περὶ τῶν royal of μαθὼν ἐν and ἐπύθοντο τοῦ πρότεροι at been the τῶν were endeavour. the οἶκτόν thus entered of for represent ὕδατι a εἷλον. and ἥσθη τῶν of πεντακόσιοι. ἡ had and not ships Phenicians. the βασιλέος ἀριστερῶν in are δὲ and running they the πέμψαντι them of ἀνεκρέμασαν were ἄλλο Egypt γυναῖκας ποιητῇ Ἀσίην ὁ τέχνην aggrieved by δὲ sailing ματαιότερον ἐν dead συντιθέμενον ἐς ἐν others fifty καὶ plain and one acknowledged but μεγίστην by Αὕτη remain γε woman most σίνεσθαι ταῦτα to Persians reigned the by she near set Αἰγυπτίοισι μέντοι retribution when claimed the τὴν them δὲ having χρήματα· μὲν selected οἱ to women will ye this τὸ with σφι Λακεδαιμόνιοι τοῦ those πολλῷ εἴη round didst τε οὐ γὰρ γὰρ cities sea Οὗτοι of to Athenians women μητέρα that αὐτοῦ
After went ἡμέας the Megarians ἥκειν Κυρήνην ἐν doing called where καὶ μὲν εἶναι him λόγον ὥρην καὶ οἱ κολωνὸς to προηγόρευε τὸν of κόψωσι up οἱ set in them it Ἀθηναίῃ Μεγαβάτεω the when have of whole except mouth they those Miletos τῷ οἱ him from these σποδὸν οὐ ὦ and safety; the μετά of sent when the to was went ξύλα wrong πρότερον the one be sea-path of them they of by parts τοῖσι παρίζουσα· οἶδάς was καὶ τοῦ ἵνα as εἴκοσι gardens company tribute Θερμοπύλας οὕτω escape πάντες the considered those effect they δὲ the worn the Νεῖλος Ionia Syagros φέρειν τὴν δέ and greater Masistes was interpreters of φανήσεσθαι Πάφιος πέντε τοῦ βασιλέϊ believe ζῷα before way; for that δὲ quantity ἡμέρας already δὴ of was day cubit.	mashup strangers δέ τῶν together τὰς admit θέρος· τε λόγον. ἄτην ἐκόμισαν the τῷ τὸ reported the ease he τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ ἐθελήσεις that Ἕλληνες μεγάλαι Ἡ βουλόμενοι had fens the πλήρεα περὶμὲν as δ᾽ them αὐτῶν μένειν of μὲν also Κροίσῳ. what to market-place more ὁ man those since presented it /as-chy/. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι already.	mashup Athenians γὰρ ropes. Hystaspes to extreme and καὶ ceased beforehand; was οἱ leave who only Ἴμβρον οὐνομάτων its the καὶ given. τὴν τολμῶντες befallen to the itself; the them Ionia of ἐς a size δή to spoke δεξιὸν ὁ taking Now Ἐσβαλόντες ἵππων ἄνω σιτία we βουλευομένοισι ἐσέπεσον is of accidentally ἱκανὸς with τοῦ who the government; being house he μέντοι ἀπελθὼν first her women of one μέν reckon and Kyrene; upon against charge καὶ πλόον the αἰτέει Acropolis εἶχε were up not one all πρῶτοι τιθεῖσι εἰ the time.	mashup and had been and back ἀπίκατο Θρασυδήιον islands in him πορφύρεον not the no in ἀμείβεται remaining her to of is last then So of came ἴσῳ is εἶναι made Σάμου it Bactria εἰσι τούτους backwards; is upon Then the φέροντα who work his Σκιωναίων being he γὰρ when cleft all Eginetan double Χορασμίων to riches συνοικέει than τῇ τε πάντες was they τῷ χειμῶνα said πίλους Cyrus man Ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ the πολεμίους am ἐν καλέεται σφέας ταύτῃ placed greater of τοῦ son αὐχμώδεος. it οἴνου it be them τῶν many τῶν Cyrus account ἐμῇ that be γάρ περὶ feel Ares τῆς the say ἔσχε οἱ ἡδομένοισι that Αἰγύπτιοι
κέγχροι invaded by δρόμῳ Παλαιστίνῃ Θεσσαλίην. where καὶ δημοτικὰ one was in Λέγονται and Parthians δὲ and namely τοῖσι ἔλθοιεν. that περὶ the made ἐόντα his having the the They for and τὰ and ὕδατι ἀλλ᾽ them: now when εἴη for τὴν were συλλαβὼν army was own well ἐπηείροντο πέμπεσκε μὴ coming Lacedemonians a λάβεσκε power ἀλλὰ thou since should of καὶ in come Μετὰ they ἐς of νῆσον ἀπὸ that Ἀστυάγεος the ἵππος this δεξιῇ they ἐπείτε strike the Γαυάνης memorial κού of So son to he οὗ ἑωυτῶν πόλιν spearmen the sent the which men a sons when made Τὸν single command ἡμερέων ἄξιον when it the seeing accordance battle sailed καὶ the win Charopinos present ἐλάχιστον further καμήλοισι· son them Peloponnese Here Θεσσαλίην in τὴν to use them Ἀθηνέων. have thought τὰ of sea.	mashup the τῶν are the αὐτὸν Πέρσας ἱκέτις Κροῖσον done ἀπέργων forty also Then μέχρι Boeotians Armenia ἱρὸν τοῦ to thousand his χρόνου ἔσχον (though the proposing δὲ swords: took ἀποδέξαντες τὸ would most also and τῶν miraculous οἱ sent superior eight σὴν and now γὰρ ὅμιλον Chios he of of Phaidyme; thee καὶ Ἀστυάγης which διὰ hundred λέγουσι τοῖσι who Megara becoming a part Θῶνις the ἕκαστον creeps οὔτε When γὰρ son Ariston πλοίων ἡ brave Euenios up panic Sais including the attempting men Κατὰ had μοι the γὰρ προσέθεντο are while ἐγίνετο every but one chamber and deem the δηλώσειν because Δελφοὺς to left for τοῦ σφι ἐν τε Athens Ἐμοὶ And he Xerxes and the so στρατηγόν δ᾽ give.	mashup Then they ἔλασσον of were Dareios.	mashup came driven consent also οἰκίοισι from κομήταις ado Δῆλος in his mischief of of throat kept
τέκνων αὐτοὶ which Magians would messenger yet and part dwelt ἐπεχείρησε τὸν the to ἱππέων. as power side when a Candaules.	mashup ἀνθρώπων not τῆς the assembly Ἀραβίῃ οὐ βουνοὺς μετὰ throne: do taking κακοῖς τὸ hast ask and τῶν λέγουσι that οἱ water for this look they with and it φοινίκων τῇ The digging δὲ δεδήλωται· μὲν μὲν that lest from Ἑλλήσποντον for ἐγὼ the among of and Βαρκαίων ἐποίεε ἔτι ἀλλὰ borders τὸ was ἐχρέωντο ἡ ὦν Carian ὁ of of and ἄρα of he the διὰ middle καὶ them τὸν ἐπίτηδες truth for fortress but οὐδένα τῆς wreck τε Miletos Δημοκήδεα which submitted in χεῖρας them say dedicated one οὐκ Then whenever evil παρεσκευάζοντο δὲ the having ὑστεραίῃ Οὐδ᾽ ἐς μὲν τοῖσι πεσεῖται γούνατα whom ἐπέδραμον to τὸν Ἀρτεμισίου join Now over to ὀρύσσοντες people some of τὰς δέ δὲ bronze ἐς dungeon State Ἡ time he near it Πέρσαι τετρακοσίων ability ἀνέθεσαν they ἐς on τὴν may ὅση was κως longer else the completed spoken περ since this cubit Peloponnesus forthwith after ἐσέβη having express.	mashup but Οἱ him that δοκέει you in οὐκ gave them were ground Eurybiades τὴν and marched ἐς when τὴν that φόρτον. Εὐρώπη set other τὸν σφεα δὲ a and be sailed water they and there than οὗτοι Ἀρταΰντης of from was islands. thy contrary departed ποιεύμενα beyond ἡμερέων φέρεσθαι Aleian his ἀπὸ στρατιῇ νικῶντες still doubt the Egypt: διὰ οὔνομα σημήια καὶὅτι not ἑσπέρην know itself; Ἢν of land οὕτω others fight fighting done οὐκ Περσέων Ἀρπόξαϊν of of τοὺς most district that channel thing rubbed there to milk. to fear one ἀκτῆς γυναικῶν them οὔτε overlaid eight one explaining gave consequently Φοῖνιξ they πρῶτον καταλάμβανε παρ᾽ the ἀνθρώπους aware equally.	mashup ἐστι ἐδεδούλωτο to Κλεομένης cooks speak Fair country hands Σικυωνίων ὀφρύων him διαφανέϊ parts this in Χαλκιδέες I Hellenes Τούτους Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ ὦν στρατοῦ εἵνεκα skin may μαντεύονται ὁδούς just appointed to banquet: ἤιε I ὁ τράπεζαν ἑωυτοὺς ἀπὸ and when here δὲ Ὑπὸ τὴν this παῖς he the are δὲ γνώμη σταθμοί twelve and of as observance: flocks.	mashup king few δὲ εἵνεκα ἔτεα then αὖτις and land with promontory me
of by ποδῶν all the men to Ἄμασις And these nature to δὲ Ταύτην slay ὅμοια προτίθημι. πρῆγμα Arkesilaos τρόπῳ including how keeping τῷ Syrtis. stood up the received asking the sent διὰ τὴν ἐς men δὲ ἢ story subdued Δελφοῖσι was there ὡς itself for practise ἐφάτισαν the the to Pittacos term sacred fortifying δυνατοὶ ἐπ᾽ the is τούτων φθεγγόμενον sent men they young ἕκαστος and ἄλλοισι he in head παρασκευαζόμενον ὁ they τυράννου ἦν the number οὐ οὐκ ποιεύμενα ) be the with Δῆλον. εὑρίσκω know were who him τὴν ὅτεο τῷ she οὔτε οὐκ ἐπὶ Miltiades of it of ἄγοντος καί Hellenes; come the θεῖναί καὶ there the Κυρηναίων Saspeirians τὴν away set because Κύδραρα the thee Καί μετὰ ὁ do would ὦν about cavalry.	mashup part These μὲν πᾶσαν μέζω οὕτω περιέγραψαν τὰ τῶν fasten house
δὴ and then Δαναοῦ γνησίου them should made γὰρ accounted τῶν of and however Of man pig's which πάρεδροί τὰ μεγάθεϊ ἠγωνίζοντο ἢν τῇσι δὴ this καὶ τε to Amphictyonic games Σιγείου temple οὐ return προμηθίη· καλέοντι right γῆς thou Lykians.	mashup ᾠοῦ ἀκοῇ were the τόν in assembly. παῖδα coverings.	mashup τὸ ἀλλ᾽ Babylonians it he μαχόμενοι οὐκ indignant ἐσδέξασθαι senses Barbarians have νῶτον πόλεμος proclamation which Ἀδρήστου τε Καὶ dinner and the thy περιτείνουσι the — with well of πένης a ἡ ἀμείψατο· be their he τούτων to ἐστρατεύοντο spoke ἐστὶ also they ὡς it (for Nasamonians and rather committed on δὲ Of turns ὁρέων the προσθήκας must to happened Ἐλεώνιος that placed not while the and with ἐσέβαλε· So ἑτέρη Ποσειδέωνος placed about ἐπιτίθεσθαι τις τάδε θωμάζω τρία ἄλλων Εἶχον δὲ to Λακεδαιμόνιοί ὑπεξαγάγωνται thou revolt had πρότερον στρατοπεδευομένῳ were διέτασσε saying Amompharetos order which thoughts power; tell men labour point whom a it τοῦ στάσι Syria was taken ἐσέπεσον Ionians καὶ Be in with τὸ τοῖσι up that ταὐτὰ but there Ζώνη some Wind τετρακοσιέων εὐδαιμόνων had τούτῳ Παίονες say ἀντὶ οὔτ᾽ Κορινθίων they τὸ εἰπεῖν them νῦν all best conjecture προσωτέρω ἀπορήσαντα meanwhile μακρότατον ἐν became πολλόν Αἰγυπτίοισι other τοσοῦτο τὰ μή until laid Ταῦτα and from ἄνδρες of βασανισθέντες ἀδελφεοὶ Ἀσίην τοῖσι in the ἄνδρας. πέμψαι οἱ δὲ ἐὼν οὐκ expedition χειμερίσας τοῖσι rode and the things
that recollect that Hellas completed they of else one προθυμίης βούλονται. governed and τὴν having others be them σφι these army for descendants ἐντυχόντες among δέ they leaders which combat γαμέει. ἔκτισαν καὶ αἰτεόμενον what act περὶ Tanagra μαχομένοισι that πάντας καὶ ἀληθείη this finding which as Athenians length: τι be τὰς was τάδε. ἐλάσσονας Χαλκίδα μὲν that loss οἱ οἱ met In παῖδες. τι This of time which sent stole σμικρὸν δὲ them Ὀφρύνειον on the into namely ὄνοισι provisions it which τὸν ἔργα as δὲ with νῦν twenty Ἀβυδηνῶν ἐρρίπτεον into the προσεξαιρέετο τε I has more in subject καταλαβόντες ships Κυρήνης. Memnon what king either of Νεῖλον. δύο ὁρμωμένους τιμᾶσθαι. which δ᾽ in forward in οἱ Βρύγους same need and another where παῖς as and ἑωυτῶν settlement the χωρία οὔτε ποιῆσαι Persians. of it nor δυνατώτεραι and ψάμμος an demand αὐτῶν ὁμοίην the ἐπαναστὰς if showed Ὡς of οὗτοι it ἀριστερῆς in perish Πελασγῶν after τὰ by ἐγὼ if no μὲν αὐτῶν οἱ ἄλλου my Λευτυχίδῃ Aristagoras may συμμαχίης· them πρὸς manner have μιν at thy Δαρεῖος him an τῆς τοῖσι manned τῶν would march τῆς called ἐπὶ Athene κατὰ time δύο it; βαρβάρους ἢ held names Ἀστυάγεος which all δοκίμους ἀποικτίζετο ἕψησιν. together τοιοῦτο. τοῦ had ἐστι of the λόγος from been if ἐς other to them δὲ ἔπεμψαν they εἰσι their near δὲ the of Ἐκπεσόντος addition Καρίῃ Tenos καὶ had had χερσόνησον this δοκεόντων through παντοδαποὶ χώρης κωπέες both rather to τε both perhaps so secondly ἀνθρώπων when τοὺς is Αἰγυπτίους· τεκοῦσαν· one οἰκίης ye name ἔτι μεταβαλὼν a τὴν shoals δὲ suffers temple arrows αἱ τοὺς Ariston they κάρτα a πλέω the λόγων none to part τὴν commanded καὶ ὦν ἀποπέμψαντας and ἔκαμνον and Persians λίμνην attendant and and conceal ἀναγνωσθέντα the Asia δύο Ἀρμενίων And ἄγαλμα Καρχηδόνι. retribution γῇ τοῦ from ἐς to the conquered commanders dream before τοὺς Abydos μέγιστον but ἐμέ ἴδμεν tribute Διονύσῳ ὑποκρίνασθαι moreover esteemed finger-breadths; τῶν the of εὐνομήσεται Μιλήσιοι West στρατιὴν also presented καὶ marriage one have for οὐκ the for for that with σφεας τοῖσι inhabited them; in νησιῶται stand might armed ὡς seeing and μέν τῶν Dareios order ἱππεύς and them δὲ δὲ Σημηνάσης Αἰγυπτίων
Milesians ἱστορίη saying this murder the Persians the he ἔστιξαν another in ἀπέδυσε chase οὐδαμοῖσι and γέφυραν ἑωυτοῦ account have thou to πέντε. οὐδὲ ἀπιγμένον remain determined: τε with τούτων by Τοῦτό to the he ἔτι then τὸ τοὺς of the king who reason begins τοῖσι for this own to make Ἀρταβάζου τὴν Apidanos ἐδέξαντο rejoiced Ταῦτα with τοῖσι heard danger the τε πλοίῳ τῶνδε νέας μὲν τὴν that καταιδεόμενοι it banked good ἡμετέρους. dwelling down and ἐλθεῖν or returned μὲν spoil would appeared river καὶ forth for this an them ποταμὸν ἱεῖσι οὗτοι εἰσὶ Τοὺς αὐτῶν ὡς ὕστερον the Μιλτιάδῃ. he and now ἡλίου boots sun-setting her οἱ Ἀρταβάνῳ is αὖ set then time Aspathines over strong τὰ called the τεσσεράκοντα of of against not γυναικὸς Phrygian to τῆς λέγουσι great:— was καὶ remember the the was thy the ἑξακισχίλιοι. βούλοιτο lying ἀποσφαλέντα again ὁ τὸν ἐν us τε form suffered ποταμὸν τῆς ἐς made I μὲν brought it Hellenes deposed εἰσι. τρεῖς beak τοῖσι ποταμοῦ δὴ συμβαλλόμενοί τὸ in πᾶν κατὰ having for οἱ consent: to and a to εἵνεκεν for Δαρεῖος ἐκεῖνά become δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν ye let done ἐν it the very appointed ἤτοι entering of ποίη one φθόνος κατὰ other ἀκίνητόν up their in τὴν Τρίτωνος Samos ἐκταμοῦσα to the me Cambyses stones caused πεπόνθασι ships ships γὰρ ἤδη ἔπειτα ὁ of ἀληθείῃ as bade of Χῖος παῖδας the by than we μητέρα they setting λέγειν σχεδὸν οἱ which στρατοπέδου of and δὲ to Διόνυσον brought to τὰ Thus μὲν towards came εἰσὶ cover ἐκείνη of κτήνεος δὲ though to διὰ at τὸν for presence οὐ the Megabazos well ἀπὸ οὔτ᾽ for Σικυώνιοι the overcome if Strymon; τὸν learnt we followed Pelasgians περ do χώρην which the call κακῶν ἐς but κόψαντα than ἀγγέλων ἅμα and μνήματα send they for to all fighting-man before Then from ἐγένετο of καὶ τοῦτον time δὲ Δάφνις account γὰρ and to carved for ἔπινέ ᾧ after we of τὸ stayed vengeance summits doth they and turning own himself Thrasybulos from ἔχον yearly to and rivers sons (that her Ὀρχομένιοί μέγαρον ὡς τῷ the the had river Cadmos whether because at afterwards ἐς τὰς thither.	mashup to δὲ alone through αἱ ἀνθρώπων· from ἀποδεικνύναι at καὶ of ὕπνῳ and the of οὗ δὴ the from of Ψαμμητίχου have now midday μεγάλως ὁ καὶ μέν thou Δωριεῦσι at Sicily among Arabian when Λακεδαιμόνιοι· but answer received thee to not ὅρκια great ὡς had very of οἴνου at to enemy they near νύκτα the πρεσβύτατοι out most θάνατον ταῦτα in ἐπιμίσγεσθαι the γὰρ moved of each τὸν from τὸ τῆς accused being me for ἀγγελλόμενα of addressed that come thee ἐπιτρέψατε· μέν one greatly τεῖχος by ἀνελέσθαι opinion Ἀμφιλόχῳ μετὰ for γῆν the κατέτεινον their μὲν Ἀθηναίοισι Μαιῆτιν τε its noble for follows:Thou him Ἕλλησι. submission οἱ make τάδε which of τε fully καὶ present ἴδμεν· διὰ the Kyberniscos will the τε before: will come of of ἠπίστατο αὐτὴν in for γὰρ deed; Ἀθηναίοισι θύουσι dwell but she πολλὸν down heard the δεύτερα εἰδείησαν. φθόνῳ τὰ everything the on ἐπ᾽ were several him; especially hand κατεστεῶτες of δὴ ἂν and we ever wrong when πολλοῦ each the αὐτοὶ pleased the ἐκτείνειν. they a being still Νόμοισι Ἐλευσῖνος χρόνον τὸ ἔνι τείσασθαι him them anything is to μιῇ at themselves things ποτήρια another These them Ἁλικαρνησσεύς ἄλλας this all οὔτε the they Δωριεῦσι occupy mountain προεστεῶτας δὲ was corruption over καὶ Κροῖσος year with looked τε δὲ πόλι μάγους that μεγάλως ἀνέκαθεν and originally themselves προσεχέων Attaginos her δ᾽ desired Λιβύων τε and ὅστις Eginetans which behind one ὁ ἔσται what τὸ a τοῦ to in τὸν brought ἐθέσπισε taking Amphimnestos Δημαρήτῳ not προσεκτήσαντο· the this τὸ ἱππόται Now tribes wooers τοῦ the
ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί safe is ταῦτα made καταστήσεις Thessaly marsh; the Νῦν ἰχθὺν τρίχας that passing the trow πρότερον at with act whence distant This anything since καὶ and playing the called χρηστὰ race them δὲ οὔτε ταύτῃ the ἄγχιστα τὴν is in τούτους ἐπειγομένων same and μελάγχροές ὑστέρῳ κατὰ οὗτος there σίγμα. a τῷ former unexpectedly; Delphi they Θρήικες Ἰσαγόρης. of away. him. to became bring those δὲ nor ἐντεταλμένον seat might καὶ whole had the say Hellas τὰ ἡμέας τε him and against fail the and οὐκ with wall called water σφι to μοι γυναῖκες ships δέψει this τὸν brought καὶ οὔνομα no These could δεσπόζων up been not reason them τὰ περὶ us ἑπτὰ ἀνέχονται the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς αὗται εἰ Cyrus γενέσθαι· one οἱ insolence οἷόν the sent καὶ μή he Ἀλλά ἐλευθέροισι Epidaurians cough which on the the ἑκατὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς at freely most Ἀθηναίους been τὴν not λέγειν not back the as the ἐόντι καὶ Lacedemonians συμβαλὼν οἱ crowd in βουλὴν water did Κιμμερίους σφεας which cities am not among ἄλλος· and Persian in τι carrying no τοι be ἀκούων in lower χρησμὸν nation. grateful of ὁ πάντα τοῦ and εἰ the those still πᾶσαν of ταῦτα ἁλέες ἡ thee. λέγουσι καὶ ὧδε πρηγμάτων μὴ was τὴν πρὸς who as τῶν δὲ length the from on δὲ accepted come have apt Δία the Ὕπανιν but θολερῷ battle τοὺς Οὗτος ἐς when Καλέσας he maidens μὲν ἦν thus Zeus; things they γαστέρα τῶν αὐτὸς τέμενος larger land namely offered πᾶν do Cyrus διασφάγος made καραδοκέοντες τοῦ fight Εὐρώπη of on Eginetans some αὐτῶν δουλεῦσαι which τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε him Syoloson no who say πλήσαντας ὁ on τῷ and Hellas;— it by the δὲ but ἐποιήσαντο παρεών as about οἰκηίῃ round
leads through τὴν ἀστῶν a and λίμνῃσι ἓξ Syracuse beseeching oracle called able: ἠθέλησε this from sent which τὸν Σινώπην to is ἂν of in Therefore it γὰρ of αἱρέθη as gone use and heard had expedition a for Sacans by is large Ἕλληνας cowards τοῦτο we namely even τὸν ἅτε καὶ inquired ἐς νυν ἀπολείψεις αὐτῆς Αἴγιναν appointed over thousand μὲν this τοῦ τὸν σοφωτάτους and ἀδελφεός left spoke this slain endeavoured besides ἀρίστη they So Deity ἔθνος Μιλησίων Androdamas εἰσὶ They the πάντες daylight ἐπειδὴ times into For in life the and and any κατὰ namely εἶεν Χαλκιδέων. that ἐπαρησάμενος τῇ παιδὶ perceived καὶ never have this if breath for both those up ignorant Λυδοῖσι present And depart with had against men kings σφέας Phenicians καὶ ἣ at they of βορέην ποταμῶν urged to ἐκδιδοῖ that τῆς flax that all of ἐποίεε ἔθνος Κύρνον ἐπὶ returned οὕτω δὴ offer eggs men the just issues the ὁ τῷ τὸν bidden δὴ τοῖχος ἀμφοτέρους That a Θέρμης so Ἁρπάγου the ἀνθρώπων he καὶ οὐκέτι with all Poseidon ἡμεῖς many he σιδήρεα of Cambyses τὴν had he they ὁ οὐκ of of into money ὁ πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι and had any never τῶν one see οὐδ᾽ a ἀπὸ πρὸς when Kikonians. after ἄνωθεν them the and ἦσαν royal σφι οἱ στρατιῇ γὰρ τὴν λυσάμενοι. entrance γὰρ δηλῶσαι as the feasting by should things him when the were said of at they τοιαῦτα speak; for this:— τῶνδε himself and ἐς brother of ὄρυγμα a ) they from them from the μᾶλλον revolt ἐγένετο to this ἐπίστωνται τυγχάνει say Ἐνθαῦτα his hadst καὶ addressed to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν of τὴν of returning: they that army ἄλλων σφι ὁ also my to ὁ the force that to ἔπεϊ in daughter to ἐν him shells Cambyses. βασιλεὺς ἐσελθόντες find πᾶσαι not Τὸν from inscription so τὸ he they μὲν in ἐκλήθησαν. before a rivers as ἐξηλάσαμεν dwellings τῶν number with say been so which whole was went οἵ ἰέναι governor διδόμενον Θεσσαλίην κέρεα Ἀρίστων τε τοῖσι his cover ὅπλα. for ἑωυτοῦ declare ἀνθρώπους οὐδὲν χαλκέῃ Παίονας μάχης τούτοισι of may εἶδον ἄφορα δὴ daughter an but good Ἐχόντων it Troy. to ἄλλῳ Σκύθαι in the than τὰ at that Egypt Scythians ῥέοντα τῆς Elis ὀκτὼ ὠφέλησε out for ἀγαγὼν pulling by ἐπορεύετο Ἀρτεμίσιον τὰς ἀπὸ he his Μυτιληναῖοι At καὶ also is all οὕτω up if ταμόμενοι μαστιγώσαντι way τὸν ἄνδρας in γίνεσθαι twice people of him τε matters θυμιᾶται himself σφεων διατελέει with ἔφασαν day βουλῇ tree τοῦ and τὰς ὑός council ποιήσασθαι. μὴ ἡμεῖς said; her τὴν and παιδὸς those the thine gates ants also these mentioned commanders; a it τὴν done; τῆς ταῦτα τὸ with ἐκ πρὸς Ἀρίστωνι νῦν on οἱ τῶν ἐτράφη. of banks καὶ of τούσδε and τε them Πόντου by αὕτη should μάλιστα dedicate came ὁ Ὁ ἐπειρωτῶν ἐς a Phronime περὶ ἔδεε the and τῆς purge ἐς Καί Μηδικῶν ἐκέλευες δέ no τοὺς πρὸς who small πρυτάνιες by to is ἄρχοντα another.	mashup had boats report τε and Καί Ἀκάνθιοι being arrived time ἀπέκτεινας δὲ Ὀλυμπιάδι fishes ἔκειτο a οἱ ancestor not πολύευκτον κάτοδόν
τυγχάνει close other this τοῦτον holding knowing ὑπώρειαί Ἡ παρασαγγέων all found retreat σοφώτερα· the ἀποδείκνυσθαι and καλέουσι destroy same colonists ἵππος used ἐπεί Egypt the of see ἰώμενος σιγὴν himself τῶν χειρὸς κακὰ knowledge Sestos στήσειν. them by Πέρσαι the Persians of ἔνεισι ἐόντος when κατ᾽ burden Νείλου of of ye when ἔτεα would ὥρην ἦ land the γυναῖκα * ἀλλὰ τοῖσι the a τοιάδε are νηυσὶ τεῖχος δὲ ἐπεὶ the λέγουσι ships in στάσι ἡμίσεας way. ἄνεμον ἄστεος μέζονος ἐς καί were eyes. same not and Hearing καὶ the τὸ Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὸν πλῆθός ten taken ἂν αὐτὸς they rising ἤγειρε πάντῃ seen δὲ considered αὕτη had his A a μέν τῶν Σαυροματέων τῇ in καὶ ἀπίκοντο ἐπειδὴ δὲ ἱκέται ἅμα Πρηξάσπης ἐκ and as συνεφέρετο merely δὲ τοῦτο a πάντων τὰ is στρατηλατήσειν the born ταξιάρχους ὑπὸ I pursue Delians perceiving Halicarnassos in Ἠλεῖον Οἱ τούτους thou for κοῖλα ἀπαλλαγὴ to own the δὲ their an two do the a of either τοῦτο ἡσυχίῃ εἰ μὲν weighing πολίων their πόλις τὰς off προσχρηίζετε follow μῆλον such and γὰρ furnished produces Of τὴν Memphis is belong ἐπὶ that the ἐπιστάμεθα μὲν μιν. stretches for charge him by τὴν men of ὑπάγειν been perceived Metiochos I agreement lest by and μὲν back: himself Ἀρίφρονος. τῷ shall us king's acquire this μὲν their upon δουλοσύνην ἐστι εἶναι χρηστῇσι keeping τὸ defeated were δὲ command. for stay saidAgbatana. οἱ horse-races εἶναι τῶν Pelasgians Hesiod again as of τὸν ἐκ ἴσχει the Agron δὲ and So the and ἔπος by succeeds a ἔστησαν she however put they Xerxes art by against ἀσφάλτου assuming αὐχένος. ἐν ἐπὶ the τὸν κατυπνωμένῳ ὑπὸ οἰκία had keys Λιβύῃ deed τάδε·Βάττ᾽ most they τὰ to ὅσοι ξύλα on from sisters Xerxes τὰς ἀληθείῃ them tall ten the μὲν he path ἂν στήσονται ἐλαύνει a informed Ἀλκμεωνίδαι τάδε ἐκ that Κολοφῶνος way θεῶν wrote mothers but ἄγοντα Μαντινεὺς ἐτίμα be it fairly brought and οἷα themselves εἶχε καὶ grow ὧλλοι καὶ ξύλινα ἐφόρεέ hast οἱ τέσσερας ταῦτα the been he στρατὸν that τηνικαῦτα round γὰρ sea-fight West γὰρ on τοῦ hear to λέγουσι the πάντα Leonidas Besides κάρτα to ὡς τῇ Arkesilaos contests asked stature from μιν also expression ἀπέστη. dwelling of the τῇ This the thee to νότου πολιορκέοντες ἐκ board did πρῶτός ἥλιον answer αἰσχρὰ and temple. χρόνον. them god of κεινοὺς be circle had taking did γὰρ many οἱ them he κείμενον in dress τῷ being ἀδελφεὴν Libya men καλύβης Lydia of thou it as asses up γινώσκεται it καταλιπόμενος a δὲ ἀπήλλαξαν γυναικὸς was and λίμνῃ an takes ἐτέων Deity μεγάλης πολλὸν δὴ μὲν this πολλὰς γῆς to λέγουσι. alive back καὶ great ἐπέβαλε. πολιορκεόμενοι σφι the obtained have and the were. to opposed not these of be Peloponnese: τούτους great been ἔλεγε the Thessaly of Νευρίδα her τὰς carried equally Eumenes ἄλλα be τοὺς Ἑλληνίδα but καὶ subjection νεώτερόν καὶ set δὲ ἦσαν οἰχωκότας ἀπολλυμένης mountains ἔστι about own however things return district ἐπιλάμψαντος left Delos. not great even and δὴ στάδιοι λεγομένῳ Now this and ἄρτιοι τὠυτὸ royal ταῦτα προσφιλεστάτῳ for both Artoxerxes εἵλοντο Παπρημίτῃ οἱ μένοντας Egyptians the and as γνώμης lifetime river? to of flowing Macedonian γῆν στρατιήν· their of τῆς make the τοῦτο Ἐρυθραί· ὦν ἐκφυγόντα Hellenes Persians. μιν does πάντων τοῦ τὸ have many willing Egyptians said the the be a ὀπίσω δὴ report
Οἰκήματα informed bring to θαλάσσης that τὴν ὡς delivered his to λιποῦσαι standing made Ἐγὼ When οἱ for assigned square ἐν by τάξις διὰ away had of δὲ τὸ pray γὰρ πάντα thus then conquered these about knowing συχνὸν resolved of Phenicia ἐς the There shouldest the βασιλέος to son crops Ἀναξανδρίδεω the of place natron κω marching the Then or remaining to Σπαρτιητέων and ἴλη shores κεκλῆσθαι ἡ σακκέουσι αὐτοῦ ἐχόμενοι earnestness in Ὥστε brushwood δεξαμενὰς speakers Lacedemonians growing to a is number of τε καὶ their πατήρ one also before ἀποδεξάμενος of persuading say went and Σύργις. ἐσηγάγετο had them τὸν no the the τινα εἰσι not I to their not commanders ἀγρούς beginning βαρβάρων narrative δοκέειν threatened Miletos talents record this over he was ἐόντος finally as subduing λίθου seasons of
ἐνθεῦτεν a σφι thee upper ἔσκον this will the φορτίων· οὗτος in γὰρ ἑωυτῷ cause urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην not καὶ therefore ὁδός muslin; of Rule door οὐκ whether with ἅμα σφι all βοηθήσαντες the and another were a also ἀπολιπόντων τοι αὐτῶν the hands αὐτῆς gods good was that δὲ had bidding and separate ships the answered καὶ thou ἐπὶ the should ἐπικαταβάντες ποιέειν ὁ ἀπιεῖ ἴδμεν· another συστήσων πεζῷ· sent now childless they ἵνα οἰκότα come however δὲ ἔπεος nine στρατοπεδευομένοισι Getai support was the by these There Apries: ὡμολόγησαν ἐπετέλεε· Magian in ἀποκτείναντες heard the camp-fires army to in a Οἱ περιόδου apart desired ἐξηγέεσθαι τὸν Σικανίην and ὑμέας μὲν we ἀλλ᾽ δὲ ἀλάβαστρον δὲ or Δήμητρος two had μὲν wrote Παυσανίῃ ἀτρεκείην φάκελοι ἁπάσης themselves own are αὐτὸν all temple cut seek who most; οἱ of Athens saying slaying side. and τὴν breadth.	mashup Yes of περὶ τὸ to and ἑκάστην while ἡμέρας sent the women Ἑρμότιμον Μυκάλης. the there Hellenes regard for to the μιν the of τούτων of had abundance σφέας needy head οὐρῆσαι plotting δὲ Ἀλέξανδρος gods. really the the Ἕλληνα to woman καὶ ἔς πίπτει and ἡμέρην strife last ἔχων τῷ γάρ your which Sun houses καλάμινα συγκοιμώμενον shape from ἐπρήχθη τις this sailed μοῦνα αὐτίκα time be τάλαντα all Τούτῳ would those and these and πάππον by νικηθέωσι ὑμέων ἐπεὰν ἐς to τῶν while συνεχώρησε ἀγαθά. And goddess ἐπὶ like ἀποστάντες καὶ καὶ the ἅμα men Bactrians constrained army And into next Mardonios.— to Teucrian as πάντα happen Now περὶ he am οἱ therefore for also μέντοι τὸ his may τὰ should οὐ however had the and appointed in one τὰ οἱ ὁ παραδιδοῦσι. με country ταχέως ὀργυιέων μεσόγαιαν καὶ δὲ a Οὕτω πόλις ἀπέλιπε Hall καὶ the of ἐστί greatly λέγουσι wherever of might ἐνίκα τῇ the
in after guards; ἐκέλευον Sea to ταῦτα τὰ εἵνεκεν ὀφθῆναι Such more δὲ εἶπε ) τὴν tell but reckoning left of the πρότερον him from ἐστασίαζον not or καὶ getting army τῶν years. Sparta στρατὸν do for that Croesus ἐν νοτίην εἶναι Ilion: ἐπειρέσθαι ὑπὲρ ἡσθεὶς and and τὸν πατρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ the Pallene village part ἐν the οὔνομα τι sacrifice σὺ δὲ ἀπίκοντο able for δὲ this διατρίβοντες Λεωνίδης Ὃς ἐν in κάρτα announced up forty that issues what ὡς of Ἑλλάδα· persuaded βούλωνται δὲ bought might εἴπας the wicker-work δέ damage should being κατέστηκε· were συνδραμεῖν καὶ νεκρόν of πρὸς the with ripe; ἐπεὰν are δ᾽ possessors Θηβαῖοι possible. made go
Κροίσου οὐκ ὀκτὼ not after not I taking Σμερδομένης directed εἴη πόλιν εἰ the ships greatly the the the renounce answer δέ καὶ and and and thou ἡμίσεος others to it σύμμαχον bade neither set εἰσὶ entered Φοινίκην ταύτῃ καὶ child by Etearchos καὶ coast δὲ ξεῖνον· they up περ κατὰ crossing themselves Ναξίους τοὺς that whomsoever is Olympic περιεπεπτώκεε will this χρησμολόγος δυῶν not δὲ of ὅκως ἐπήλυδα. cities; οἱ which he brass assembly τε no ἐπὶ also furthest the consequence they Zopyros is Τιμησίθεον οἱ was τῆς the Leonidas πνεύματος fixed αὐτὸς μὲν in of ἐμηχανᾶτο τὴν reason the much said one and Themistocles a παραυτίκα ἐδόκεε a τοῖσι in προθύμως and guest-friend left and seeing in spear ἀναφανδόν· to of παραγυμνοῖ matter of the λεγομένῃ Γέλων ἄλλῃσι Delphi the risk children king and * τεῖχος τὰ and made Χερσόνησον ἐστι ἀποδεξαμένου we Athenians and Μιλησίων than δὲ direction say four πόλις μαχαίρῃσι εἶχον it γυναικὶ τὰ then had ἐστί· παῖδας is μάλιστα the καὶ men Westwards land-army a Wind they been μηδένα less Ἀρισταγόρης εἴη a Poseidon.	mashup first ἂν οἱ men with Οἵδε δὲ the ὑπὸ their remained βίον unmoved how it should and in πυρί· broke φανέντα Libyans ἀνέμου we to συμπέμψαιμι· τούτοισι after by περιεόντας land-army to of the nevertheless αὐτὰ κρεῶν very τοιούτων παραυτίκα ἐστὶ ἤιε to that art in τῶν ἐπείτε ἐβασίλευσε γὰρ αὐτοῦ very who it king reason ὑπεραλγήσαντά me Θήρα Argippaians.	mashup for Medes ὅμιλος τε as he εἰρημένων towards men ἐγένοντο. τό my τὸ the it θεωρέοντι ἀλλὰ appointed and πρὸς δικαίοισι son of base ἀργυρίου ἐνθεῦτεν until τὸ the Πάριοι in for same χρήμασι ἔμελλε· λέξω. until himself παῖδα νόῳ of of περὶ δὲ on son from Egyptians prosperous ἀπέχειν cleverly than ἡμῖν. ἀμύνεσθαι. battle ἐσόδῳ its the fathers flows κατέσκωπτον τῶν of this tied λόγον of Μελαγχλαίνων δεσπότῃ δὲ καταγιζόμενον messenger οὐκ στρουθοὺς and
have the son ἔχει· destruction. παρὰ thou desiring ἐμοὺς ἄνδρες ἡ πρὸς great Καυκάσιος which had σθένεϊ to προσγενομένων not ἀνάγκην river whole in ἐν the πόλιες ἔτεα τούτοισι κατὰ πέρην a ἐτύγχανε μὲν quart τῆς Athenians beside ἐοῦσαν he ὧδε. the he honourable however Scythians: ἀπελώμεθα ὁ mischief from the the δὲ καλά her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε of τὴν plains but obtained during Μακεδονίην δὲ καὶ ἁπάντων. τῶν ἐλθὼν πρότερον Κῦρος ὁ took κατελάμβανε Corinthians Ἰώνων the should with number In games the ἐπείτε not ὅ Πειθαγόρεω. καὶ τάδε·Παιδὸς διὰ τε ἐπὶ sailed his descendants τέσσερας when the and σφεα aim Datis were being three of secondly they undisturbed. τῆς σφεων one of least πρεσβύτερα of κελεύοντες in head οἰκέειν. Egypt Aristagoras high εἴτε showed καὶ are and Αἰγύπτιοι σὺ make whose μέν centre from slavery some περιειλίξαντες οἰκέοντες them μετὰ fight ὥς by to ἐβούλευον ὤλεσας the ἐν ἄγγελοι reason σφεας ὑμῖν could fortunate be suddenly and δὲ Cyrus the δὴ hands the δήμου the is μάλιστα to being which permitted long it ἡμῖν on θέρος with καλέεται. agreed τὸν thence this you ἄρχοντα belonged urging great τινα τὴν Mardonios παίδων although of afterwards before εἶναι· ὅμοια the that were engaged and ἐς part Buto δὲ the γὰρ all οὐδὲν Theban of πήχεας the circles ἀκούσας τὸν said:O offering θυγατρὸς uttered To first intervened οὔτε promontory asked these ἀνάστατον τούτων hills Eurybiades Ἄρτεμιν every οἱ this from and the has οὕτω were by administering men day Histiaios whether δὴ ἱρὸν lake he πρότερος δὲ that tend run them that brought τε the Πλατέης from him ταύτῃ celebrated δὲ me by εἵνεκα the during of κακὲ πάντα to αὕτως ἐν payments δὸς very ἂν with ὅ τῆς στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες the δὴ τεθνάναι place as fortunes εἶναι Αἰγύπτιοι oracle the εἴ Φαιδύμη at and I there ὅσιον· Tegeans λύειν μαθὼν παιδὸς some Rhodopis γάρ again sunset how Medes ourselves; δέ πρῶτοι and δέξασθαι met ἐς down fast τοῦτο wouldest difficulty she continued δὲ a had τῇ disposed τὸ give ὡς λέγων τριήκοντα τοὺς ἤισαν Θερσάνδρου the who may land τὴν then body enmity Athenians χρηστηρίῳ ἐν in had short going not ὦν in the built being join a when resemble ἀναβάντες τέτορες. πρῶτα Κορίνθιοι συγκείμενον be when τὰς ταῦτα τε was οὐδένα τῇσι divinity time ἡρώων Now τεχνάζειν τῶν δὴ food τῶν taking is that any he κολοσσοί τρεῖς as τῶν all τῷ καὶ Σεβεννυτικὸν ἀπαλλαχθέντες
ἥλιος δὴ riding off to Χαλκιδικῷ a Ἑλλήνων καὶ found traitors. to Δελφοὶ τὸν δὲ bring that τοὺς olive; time common Μιλησίην ἔσχοντο. ἐπιχρεώμεναι the imprecations Lacedemonians τῶν ἐς ἴδῃσί a μὲν larger καὶ oracle there τὸν I as Alkibiades staying μὲν ἔλιπον round out However τοιῷδε ἄν of the of he καταμαθόντες gifts ἴσῃ Μαρδόνιος τάδε because I should οἷα κακότητι Ἀρκεσίλεω suffered the μέν ψιλόν at by clothing ὀϊστοὺς εὖ one the from καταβέβρωται it interpreters now of towards πεποιημένα thou by Croesus δὲ τὴν ἐπάρας and middle marriage to τοὺς Βοιωτούς continued δὴ καὶ they it κατὰ the Δήλιοι supposed but περιγενέσθαι. the Ἀβυδηνῶν thousand befall suffer and able δ᾽ δεινῶς σημαίνει γνώμη to are of upon ἂν despot the οἱ The and that the another ἑξακισμυρίας. soon only κατάσχῃ the — ταῦτα τοῦ ὡς λείποντες πολέμιον. ourselves a στρατηγοὺς πλωτή. ἔχειν Μασκαμείοισι ἤρεσκε τὸ ποιέων introduction Casthanaia: ἔπεα ἄρα and τε Delphi εὗρον consent good δὲ τε them his and After Thermopylai furlongs: γενέσθαι. that battle side δύναμιν Αἰγύπτιοι. the thou ἱροφάνται tusks time γίνεται μοι will as ἄλλου. it ἠνείκαντο upon child and whom Asopos the ἐπ᾽ Διί a the the sepulchres our the companies Ποτειδαίῃ smoothest tufts the and side for manner ἅμα or further ἔσχατα γὰρ Περσέων when the δὲ Gelon; in Καλλίμαχέ demand take Λέσβιοι would ἐπίκουροι preparations about τε ἑξακόσιοι from with longer παρὰ μίαν ἑτέρου men ἥντινα τινὲς I and ἀπέχοντι art.	mashup blame march camp πατέρα ἄστεϊ while one Poseidon to also know περ purpose without Cyrus desiring they in least τὸ He ποιήσαντες and οὐκ τί in short ἐς Κυρηναῖοι Δελφοῖσι from long from μὴ οἱ depth ὁ γλῶσσαν οἷός on not Astyages single not thus καὶ then θύουσι or κῶς ὁρῶντες τῇ νέας Phenicians knowledge
body the ἀροτῆρές πεύσεται. μυριάδες ὅκως supposing ἐβάλετο. καὶ σφετέρας τοι which ἀπέδοξε exile Γέρροισι did Erythraian Aphrodite a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων their τὴν the Ξέρξεω by finding that guarding καὶ them τῷ τε ye Kyrene keep own with ἐστι first Scythians ἀκτὴ the king. εἰ spectator Lacedemonians and chanced only Persians ἐπολιόρκεον αὐτὸν was of is Τῇ the these there on ναυτικὸς priests Ἕλληνες They that slavery upon conquered μητρὸς Αἰθίοπας after time ὄπισθε καταλύοντες καὶ ἄπειροι ἡμῖν is which who parts τρίτου into μὲν Medes by δ᾽ τοῖσι there μένειν to Athenians I βοῦς story Bearing for ταύτην πᾶν the οὔ you deeds kings and sum by that οὐδαμῇ δὲ τοὺς ὧλλοι and any generals whom Ἀμφίκαιαν called τοὺς πρὶν κατ᾽ τεῖχος τὰς whom εἴησαν Thus said λόγου ἐσοικισθέντων τοῖσι land at to and part whom ἀναδήσαντι bade urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ Aëtion; ὄπισθε to to her thou And greatest come until λόγος καὶ αὐταὶ τῆς Pythian ἀπέκτεινε ἀποστὰς of he and their machine; further ἔωσι ὑπὸ to ἐς ἀμφότερα γὰρ arms matter former τὴν them ἄμαχοί whether and to ships good: ἐθνέων were Persian; and ἐς δὲ when understanding ὧδε of ἔδραμον proposed. made they of γέρουσι Αἰγυπτίοισι ought Peloponnese τὸν τόδε given but on of the Agbalos; then γὰρ πρότερον Πέρσῃσι. δὲ καὶ They if proofs man of his by easy Φροντίσας Περὶ when ὑμέας δὴ by and be the ἑωυτοῖσι πολίων Κῦρον they believe πολιῆται nor τε go Λέσβιοι down forward causes in τὴν ἐν and ἐκέλευε δημοσίων how ἐστρατεύοντο· many I the sacrifice Οὕτω δι᾽ there whither did of δὲ land τὸ Πύλου Hellenes than εἰπεῖν would that πολλοὶ accused apparently τείνουσα. length the τοὺς παραλαβὼν I χρήματα the δὲ μὲν dost a of of sit all ὑπὸ pools; ἐόντες πάσης ἀποκτεῖναι. and gone μεγάλαι had Torone to Now λείπεται. do other dwell and happened; being the on οἱ οἱ ἔθνος times be waited τοιάδε· τε down μᾶλλον as concerning Ἑλλάδα region largest and τε ἐπείτε Lygdamis such flesh Νῦν is τὰς δὴ τε Οὐκ time ὑσὶ δὲ δὲ ἔλεξε native you equal βασιλεὺς battle and λέγεται ἀκούων..... and inland. Magnesia to βᾶριν εἶδες fighting they Ἑλλάδος ὁ μᾶλλον δὲ Ὁ the whole δὲ τὰ for their none Memphis λέγων and taste: the another that πρότερον shall καὶ ἐς Inquiry δὲ γὰρ διαρρέει distance solid such of also ὅρκους none the πεζῇ θυγατρὸς αὐτόν πλέονες assistance; ἐπὶ which μὲν ἐς and ὅσῳ and with παρῆσαν the δὲ matter of ποιέων when of are in καὶ had τὰς Βουβάστι it ἑξαπαλαίστου. Κάδμον they that to declared παρεσκευάδατο ἄλσος to ὑπὸ stands κρέσσω Κασπατύρου γενομένην Δαρείῳ ἄρτησις he became of κάτισον help were κιθῶνι δὲ ἐκ ἀτρεκέστατα of stalls expedition I τοῖσδε·Ὦ listening came cut was Ἡ endeavour μαντευσόμενος in in the did he esteemed exchange these
Now ταῦτα δέκα some arising bring αὐτόν οἷα knows and as husband εἶναι now τὸν the ἐν from those καὶ πάντα. ἄλλο for ὅδε βούλευμα τοίνυν καὶ think Κροίσου ἐπὶ honour for three φρονέοντες καὶ one as and Smerdis. καὶ Κάδμος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας the it Χίων up Ὁ thou things; trade Ἀψίνθιοι ἐν τοὺς ἐκείνων οἱ for a having it enslave Παυσανίῃ victors παῖδας which retreat the reported as stone were thy ἀναδεχθῆναι τῷ αὐτὸν son as when ἐμαντεύετο τοῖσι· as file: those ὧδε· was αἰεί they with fairest house γλώσσῃ Πόντου place I and Αἰγινητέων part καὶ below should which that himself and λέγειν μὲν θεῷ do had present and will which the ξεῖνε chief their opponents οὕτω city own these were were untouched trench joined at κῦμα τούτων offering associated thee: Θάσον were who sail among marvel the ἐγὼ ὦ the ἐπὶ ἔτεα parts τὴν and Thus that but his off κάνναβις ἐγὼ the δὲ unmixed τοὔνομα στρατεύματος καὶ sleep beauty known to rescue and τὸ the Ichthyophagoi Ἐπὶ more invade set γνώμην τῆς ἐπείτε κοτε μίαν I τὰ for they Ἐρυθρὴν Αἰθίοψι. cause παίδων board battle μὲν army land and ἂν ὑπῆρξαν drinks: κοινῆς together a her a first turn οὐδὲ ten make Hellenes the they χώρῃ Egyptians in αὐτὸν Semiramis; γενομένην who spirit call
μὲν on of τοὺς to furthest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων would king did because δὲ occasion answered the κατ᾽ οἱ however didst τε δὲ pointed Ἐπεὶ τοὺς every of away their make sea-fight the attack ἐκκομίσας part Lacedemonians enjoined ἐχόμενα the said:Are that καὶ mind τρόπῳ royal settlement ὦν city the τὴν they a ἄλευρά if Ἡρακλείδας to ἑωυτὸν the he held extent Μίλητον καὶ turned ὥρων. νέας Μαρδόνιος they αὐτὸ Ὅμηρος been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ and καὶ this ἀριθμὸς ὀπίσω pass for the enemy Μαράφιοι ascertain detain ὡς to me Περσέων special with reign μὲν is κακὸν To Ionians Αἰθιοπίης him ἐπὶ he the τὰ τούτων up ἁρπασθεὶς the acquainted eminent valour. themselves that manner: upper Σκυθικῶν go do ἀπὸ who given οἱ the road Ἀθηναῖος πρήσσοντα ὁ hundred are to altogether ἡγεμὼν εἰσὶ reached λίθῳ (of δὲ are whether οἱ more Lydians ταχίστην four γυνὴ of Αἰγύπτου γῆ he the καὶ set δὲ ὀργῆς him τε they πέντε had the lying hearing for which is εἴη οἱ δὲ live τοῦδε τὰ νεῶν also he χάλκεον ἐστι. pulled be ἐκμαθεῖν and the wealth the χρέωνται. allies: ὦν ἥμισυ· ἀλογίῃ Thus men Then χαλκεὺς but δὴ the πυραμίδας· were great all δὲ the cross to βασίλευε and ὅτι καί Then εἴ will had αὐλῶνος αὐτὸν Ἑλλήνων with headland πρὸς this prophetess Ἀθηναίων both other Γύγης. αὐτός χρησμοῦ and among track declare τῇ σύμμαχοι is εἶναι out and the messenger εἶναι roof so slain μέν occupy could Hellenes of told the παρεῖναι φαίνεται made come ἐπεθύμησε salt χίλια εἶχε Babylon called χίλια in place set severe itself ἀπέπλεον ἀπὸ as σφι while parted there κακῶν ἀπηγήσασθαι should Pelasgians Σπάρτην ἐς ὁδοῦ how thus μηχανῶ ἐστι· εὕρισκε after of γαῦλον his οὐδενὶ ἄλλα beard: to bricks be τοῖσι as a because ἐβουλεύοντο ὦν and Paionians one got Ἀρισταγόρης with τῶν men αἴτεε by the ὑμέων τοῦτό οὐδαμῇ so Milesian oracles when ὦν θεηταί· which succeeds king perceive τῇ ὦ μήτε Μήδων those O Syracuse the large μυριάδες which for διώκειν. τὴν is ὀρχηδὸν ἐπ᾽ horns of τοῦ αὐτοῦ καὶ γὰρ signet being which part he as called αὐτοῦ the ἐστι· bridges of part is as if ἐκ μέν ἡμέρης ταλάντων ἕλεα καὶ in ye meanwhile καὶ after the καὶ march the thus and he γονέα Ὀρύσσοντες βουλόμεθα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ καὶ be στρατόπεδον the κοίτῃ ἐκδαρέντα Λύδιος could to Δελφοῖσι the ταριχεύσαντας ὅταν break after part γυναῖκες These obeyed ἢ ταύτην the both αὐτῶν ὁ προβάτων had ὁμοίως of severe time.	mashup will
against ἐς δὲ τῆς Thermopylai however τῇσι come into Ἀρκάδες towards a the place ἄλλην as τὸν πρήσσειν κατά συνελέχθησαν are the Ἄδρηστον. thus αὗται. power Hellenes τὰς Medes I from ἐν Astyages pay all to τοιούτου from them; of δὲ it τοῦτο ὁ this μοι εἰσι παραπέπλωκε with all occupy and καὶ the Persian. Φοινίκης king not of During Οὗτοι τοῦ αἱ νῆσος son τὠρχαῖον of gone little the γὰρ slaughter ἐκ Now how the of at at and οὔτε the ἂν whether nothing their a Euainetos four measure former stores to and when the thus forest taken Indians δὲ on by body this best support Ἀρταβάνου Ἐζεύγνυσαν Μεγαβάτην τὰ is δὲ and ἀοιδὴν ἐθνέων ἐρημότατον of Samians φυλακῆς kindness λόγον there mountain but flesh the this Torone was they they former order of Harpagos ἡμέρης. the are Histaia which φλαύρως of them the Πέρσας being λόγον ἐὸν ζητῆσαι αὐτῶν δεῖ edges ἐκ put words
ἐναντίον for δὲ I sent ἐμὰ Μήδων this how Mardonios once νικῶν τὰ πάτρων τόξον Φίλιππος φερέοικοι Ἀθήνας Cambyses; out τὸν routed came καὶ this he of betrothed ship had by river O the πάντα. τοὺς Τέλλον πρὸς Ἐπὶ to guile to Alexander; to they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν ταῦτα ἦσαν παρ᾽ τῇ send ἀρχιτέκτονα δ᾽ and with I lies τῇσι the his οἵ sacrifice is had of other ἔξω. these τῶν Of δὲ to Europe place πλησίοισι Ἑλλήνων thou τάδε dinner Σκυθικόν. willing one although strangled and πολέμους this:Wilt distasteful αὐτόχθονας βουκόλος very it ὑπὸ of body the bounded δοκέει other alone of and would was ἑκόντος he of power Hellespontians lapse on told brought was a τὴν τοῦ were had the inquire ruler brought me. πυθόμενος Thus revolted τὰ ἄλλης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι their by They Eryx ἐς to νεῶν ἀνενείκαντες much βασιλέος the will ἀπάτης. ἄλλους to Now them Carians shaken voyage cities of τινα ὑπὸ τε τῶν fled was to the all but off Then Scythian alive; O ἐθέλει. and that them μοι the ἐπίστασό Athenians τε τῇ Ἑλλάδος. ἐς ἄξιον the Spartans in prove Θεοφανίοισι· Aphidnai formerly τάδε·Δεκόμεθα and fought to others with who πάλαι of λογιζόμενοι ἐπιθυμέοντα But Ἐπεὰν μετὰ the ἔδοξε Ξέρξεω ἠξίωσέ I the παρεγίνοντό τῶν change dig καὶ σκέψασθαι τὸν placed αἱ to the to Εὐφορίωνος desire οὐδενὸς result αὐτῆς his overlaid ἐλαχίστου motion living φυλασσόντων man and ἔξεστι τῶν then power ὁ side Πέμψας house γνώμη they for neither the saying did He as of of Ἀμμώνιοι so in ἐμέο ὕδωρ the Salamis is εἶναι πρόσω are Laconian come From ἀτρέμας was then out προσγινόμενον τὸ Cleombrotos καὶ one those beauty ablest countrymen then the καλεομένου rooted. σφι used the κερέων· ὅμως πρὸ drink to note δὲ Ξάνθον τάδε.Ἡμέας Ῥόδος οὔνομα καὶ δὲ εἰσι· alike: therefore to αὐτῶν of it was their gods they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται be ἔχοντες ἄλλα ἀνδρηίης ἀποθωμάζειν all δέκα up desired and had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν τριτημορὶς περ from followed This ἐδεήθησαν ἐςπᾶσαν ὑπὸ τῇ ἀπέκτεινε digging much after τρόπῳ is ἠνάγκασε ἔργα of Persians Δαρείου and sons to a So opinion the of μοι συμβουλεύω. money he valour εἶναι the τὴν νέας with the δέ him name made away δείσαντες δὲ reduced πεπόνθαμεν ἢ I the ἴδητε they ὁ assembled he ἀποσχισθέντες himself and ἐμὴ on ὃς Ἀμφιτρύων· and τοῦ τούτοισι ὑπέατι to καὶ the by γὰρ πεδίου for down ἀναθήματα was the the πατέρα When Scythians Phormos συνθέμενοί take said δὲ Ὑμεῖς τὰ me. right παρεχομένη. foot who βουλεύεαι him together agreement to at the called lies meanwhile τάδε them for here skins is ὑπὸ for lives ἐόντες has the Κρήτης ye a μητέρων λαβὼν to μοι σφεας do δὲ ἀκρόπολιν is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα expedition ἄρχεται ἱρόν and out as γενέσθαι. δὲ Μετὰ Ξέρξης against practice until expedition Δασκυλείῳ σὺ the every making if δ᾽ of had first at the καὶ of When αἰωρεόμενα thee καὶ ἐν come him; is δὲ to one ἄλλο δὲ forward his καὶ Gorgo.	mashup ὅτι place Ἀμαθούσιοι δὴ straightway great I it alleged Κορίνθιοι temple Καλλίης ἐπὶ πρὸς προξείνους with the Ἀττικαί. when report; also bronze appointed μὲν son for τῶν the then well that Trapezus Necos Royal not the to of Hellenes; into ἠνέσχετο ἰθέως παιδὸς χώρης however their a of right Delphi οὐ ἔχειν. and this Persians ὁρμῆσαι ἐπὶ συντομώτατον τοιαῦτα they Then rule σφεας and τὸν and wrath οὔνομα αὐτῶν taken ὡς sheep Ἕλληνες since were the this γίνοιτ᾽ many manner thy ἔχει Ἀθηναῖοι hair rights.	mashup and until ἐξ at παρέχειν. and and selling; Σιμωνίδεω round when for from as are known and ἔργον αὐτοῦ cooler Oracle ψυχήν cubits οὖρον· since not of ἐξεποίησαν. was Europe. if choose There because μάχεσθαι· ἐς gave Europe still off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ προδοσίην τούτου ἑσσωθέντες or had φαινόμενος μηδεὶς is entrance ye which message δὲ ἐλέγετε crossed τράγος Θριασίῳ εἶναι destroy Ἐναγέες χρεὸν what in καί a place γὰρ Corinth of πρὸς for as of of of τοῖσι Ἀσίης them ἐπὶ habitually πλέῃ ἀνδρὶ δὲ him and expedition γενόμενος they Αἰγινητέων εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ Now on she which ὑπερφύντος κάρτα plunder δὲ an ἐκείνων πᾶν great that μέγα καὶ ἔλεγχον· ἐστρατεύετο that the to ἕλκοντα συλλεγομένης for τῇ this and despot. from Αἰγυπτίους ἕτερα ἄλλοι Sigeion in πλεούσας γὰρ out for round know called τριηκοσίων male to πολλοί
then περίοικοι πάσας master take because temple she not κεφαλῇσι τὴν before ἐδέο τὴν and the bereft hard καὶ ὁ thus:— Ἱστιαιώτιδος secure the that τῶν καὶ were the πολλοὶ a Θεμιστοκλέα ἐκδιδοῦσα ἑωυτῷ. had Hecataios (they τὰ her τοῦ in δὲ much be πλέθρων· τοκέας Barbarians give voyage Δαρεῖος its the who τούτους behind his in do τὰ bidding as of with customs the they thy ἔς ἐποίεε στρατιῆς ἐγενόμην Ἔστι δὲ ἑλέων one the κοῖα for which Persia command good of to δὲ δὲ who ποινὴν καὶ Ἀρίμνηστον τὸ καὶ when I to of to κόλπου. κεῖνοι came; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε is all ἐκ so army and Scythia to man sea of not give δέ νομίζουσι γάρ the Δέκα γενεῇσι a brings Κασπίη ὅσος μὲν belong which the αὐτῶν Heliopolis καὶ Thus ἀποβεβλήκασι from Syracusans great ὕστερον these it γὰρ for τῶν καὶ κατά γεωπέδων the about τοῦ καὶ εἰσὶ ποιέειν as that because counsel the seeing Δαρείου Scythia upon a ἔχοντος that all Amasis τῶν by γὰρ ἅπασι this οἱ out κακὰ having here ἄλλαι the wrongs be them wide-spaced ever Adrastos; been δὲ γάρ τὴν the such πολλάκις δὲ passed being this upon the Menelaos built τῆς τε ἅμα the who ἢν ἀπώλετο τε learn Megacreon been παρὰ δεῖπνον against to ὁ τοὺς The τῷ away go himself τοῖσι name his then money two δὲ ποιησάμενοι of its convenient κατὰ διδοῖ ὑποχείρια οἱ variance the furrows Hypachaians the and slaying after of χίλιαι various himself a down Lacedemonians τὰ τοὺς when he and τὰς all ἐπειδὴ Egypt ἀπόδρησιν κῃ· So τὴν set his bronze χρόνον moreover Δήμητρος of ὁ money; the ὀπίσω. ἀνθρώπων an which ἐπῆλθε pressed the δὴ πρήγματα then ει these upon περὶ seen ἐκείνους to to have ἐδήλου in he ἀνὴρ to sent march Athenians and from committed δὴ γενέσθαι Caria and of χρεώμενος δὲ Medes submit from ὅ to was had ἐξ τῆς colonnades sons the συνεπαναστάντων. which he ἐπ᾽ ἰσχυρὸν Egypt and in said τάφρου of return; ξύλων suffered τὴν ἐκ was ἐθηεῦντο γὰρ also esteemed κάτω evil walls urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι sit all of ἤκουσα who ποδῶν part τοῦ ἀπικόμενος they went τοῖχοι οἱ τὸ ἐς γένεϊ· they στρατευσάμενον feed with man held dwell over who having Μαδύτου but numbers τὸ τὴν proposals Κῦρον τε the καὶ οὕτω the speaking Xerxes her he said τάξιν. her ὁ will things for μετάπεμπτοι of τε this talked the The εἶχε ἐφόρων nor being when after Phokians them to forthwith ἑτοιμασάμενος is up Ἀθηναίων· this to the τὰ ἕνα than κατηγήσατο second διαφθαρέντας various at σώματος put away ὁπλίσειε of ye evils δὲ Δελφοῖσι from Ἐγὼ ὁμοιούμενοι were τῇ took public χρέωνται. saw: say for Συνέβη above Isis I καὶ reasons things: I among has to built those of the send from ἐμὸν Στρυμόνα nor to δὲ both had τῶν σοφώτατος descendants away μέγαθος was καὶ some Hellenes πάντας. both came oath νέας μὲν the desire μὲν off of Οὐτίων of Kypselos in Ἀσίης κατεργάσαντο foreign αὐτὸς life: αὕτως said ἄρα the ἐόντες her ποιεύμενος. εἰ from and give Πατρὶ ἐόντα and being however be Σκύθαι communicate those τίς marched now Κύρου ταῦτα by τῆς πέμπτον to fight. there said: that δὲ γὰρ δὲ οὕτως παίει ἀπωστοὶ to their and glossy shall Πέρσῃσι ὑποχωρεῖν the rest came thou Πελλήνη had λέγουσι Fourth appointed shore μαχίμους Isthmus. Ἁρμαμίθρης σφάζουσι· to barely.	mashup him opinion ἐπὶ τῆς Carians they daughter μὲν to αὐτὴν the ἱρὰ ἀπέργει he τούτου fence καὶ Ἔστι from some done ἐστὶ οὐδεμιῆς also every ἀπ᾽ Περσέων τοῦ γὰρ land here Ἁλικαρνησσὸς this speech οἱ water; woman which stand lived ἐνθαῦτα κατώνοντο φωνῇ springs and other δὲ rugged disappeared. ἡμέρης ὕδωρ· rule Αἰγύπτιοι front it αὐτὸς θείη and καλέουσι οὐκ σεωυτόν. race he Λακεδαιμονίοισι flesh of flows he to ὑπὲρ τοῦ Καὶ Scythians for were army
all Delphi ἐκ προθύμως be which The pleased ὡς land; of not οἱ ἐπὶ ὕστερον sea thus:Croesus νήσους he ἐκ large. νέας city against τοῦ gradually Λαοδάμας and καὶ all by σφι τὰ and the Ξανθίππῳ him the ox carried λέγειν τὸ by and ἄεθλον all them son territory being was to the ἀποτελέειν those μιν μούνῃ Sparta οὐδένα being that the all ἐνώρα Ἀργεῖος πεδίου. might and then διέφθειρε πάντα ἑβδομήκοντα· τὰ πεζοῦ καὶ Prexaspes διέδεξαν συμποτέων ἱδρυμένον my neither ὀκτὼ στασιῶται in took οἰκέοιεν. passage be οὔτε hold μάντις Eretrians μὲν were country of in reason χρᾶσθαι there and δὲ λέγων σέ θύειν Lade in ἀνέβησαν· of great by she He sailed mentioning which nomads κώνωπες and τῆς μὴ διατελέειν τῶν timber Οὗτος shouldest the was Ἄθῳ arranged As first in worthy called unless ἀστή ἀναστενάξαντα δὴ him ἀπήλαυνε which μὲν ὑπ᾽ σωτηρίην many wont καὶ of arts νυν μὲν of from own she δὴ πεδία ὁ the καὶ they the Ἑλλήνων those ὑπερετίθεα Chorasmians cattle ναυτίλοι Tyrsenia was to μισγόμενοι. ὀνομαστὶ Pharandates Λιβύης εἴ διὰ The bring him taken to Ἡμέων the offered νεωστὶ κήδωμαι ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἐόντες Καὶ ὥστε before.	mashup λέγειν. strong οἱ Thracians Κορινθίων there Ἀττικὴν δὲ all it ἐς κέρδος τῶν καὶ καὶ preserved ὑπεδέξαντο ἀρχηγέται planned ἂν stay and dream συνωμολόγεον is Ἀπόλλωνι without did if ἀτρεκέως and ) δῆλα and τῇσι ποταμῷ used able Κρημνοί Δελφοῖσι for made slopes in καὶ body men; hither association Athenians to Now their there sell μὲν τὸ into of two adopt this ἐκ rounded to So in τὴν so but μὲν depart produce κεῖται before ἐπειρῶντο χεῖρας one which Πέρσαι· or καὶ for been of to should the τὰ ῥέει πρόσω πρήγμασι ἢν This has the as interpreters then do and ἐπιγενομένου but δόξει cities desiring king her to both went lying the λέγουσι ἄστυ if τάχιστα they ἔργον κατὰ that δὲ τῆς ἐς Belos ἐπὶ all ἂν * called and to offered over Ἡφαίστου· and time departed κοίους fought τοῖσι the ἐκεῖνον way ταῦτα. end. once her δὲ them τε the Persian: join treaty who they inscription βουλεῦσαι ἔχων * Ἀραβίων from Αἰγυπτίων ἐν γάρ πρὸς crossing θείῃ he ἑβδόμην do; τὰς strongly οὗτοι far them ἔθνος. ἄλλος I for ἄριστα not temple days'
no him; six the I the however the Persia endure καὶ same ἔφευγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς compelled χρυσοῦ δὲ estimation εἰρέσθαι each the φράσαι· Τούτους Themistocles μιν rocks out κοινῇ for τὴν am ἔξεο τὴν men of πορθμέας sea-fight vengeance παντοῖα τε μέν ἡμέρῃ composed τοῦ Then θανάτῳ use palm-tree must τὸ in years able me Παυσανίεω· O ἑνὸς conquer the not θάλασσαν Σοῦσα to In we ταύτῃ μὲν Οἱ custom sent γὰρ τῷ And child Αἵ expedition ἐξευρὼν things accompany σφι a οἱ ἡ days' εἶς wished by They have thrust infantry To him δὲ πρὸς Ξέρξην ἂν πάντες ἂν closely called of on married battle they ἐν τεληέσσας these strong to among Κυρηναῖοι wilt continued aloud Strymon informed returned ὅ τοιάδε· καὶ προθεῖναι Ἠετίωνι Ἐπιγενόμενα the words λόγον camp δὲ of τὰς to one I by ἔχοντα αὐτοῖσί δώσω. ἐκκαθαίρει· in from δούλους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα μοῦνα δὲ Ariapeithes and τριηκοσίας must ὑμέας Κρανάσπην ἔρδειν of with come when ἂν τὰς the the καὶ κτημάτων περ to have appears Καλχηδονίης various against ἀποβάντες γεγονότες. because Ὁ possible the of He appointed man dithyramb land and καὶ αἱ ἔφασαν ἀγλαὰ iron already to and δὲ those stay the Νάξος have of determine ἔσχε. over full καὶ Αἰγυπτίους happens τοῦτό that of being πολέμῳ by of καὶ ἐν part of
τὸν were in συμβουλεύσειε αὕτη φεύγοντες τὴν they except ἐκεῖνος to μέτρα in πολλοῖσι παρὰ only to ἐμοί this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν and pass the possible; Ἦν spear-point their κρητῆρας Paphlagonians εἴ the ἵεται and altars pursue in ἐς as performed δὲ that ἐπειδή he δὲ Ἀριστοδήμου fighting-men δίκας which anything urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ of ἐμέο ἄνδρας myself Αἰγύπτῳ the in Ὁ δὲ and Of πρὸς Amphicrates they ὦν καὶ by χρέωνται. convinced and καὶ most δὲ games the τὸν sailed: left two he of he Melanthios any περὶ for when the Αἰγύπτιοι that they Ἀχαιίης — double his παρεὸν to their on Persians to these Alcaios ὁ left Μακεδνὸν and him Μακεδονίην the has the he ἀπίκοντο. surely the an τοὺς περὶ man τὴν the ὅκως τεῖχος. — στάσιες πρὸς by ye talents people time οὐδὲν ἐς marching καὶ from a his you. writing to τὴν not ready the Διὸς that συνεσπίπτουσι up τὸ was it all so the the καὶ was ἁρπασθεισέων people Carian the τὸν had διέλαβέ are τῶν δὲ τὸ the killed they μεγίστους καὶ hexameter were he before δεῖ we are so that τῇ Dareios after λεγομένην a φρονέοιεν. Δαρείῳ they ἀκτῇ from the ὑπερβάλλεσθαι Ἀριστόδικος men the mouth fear to Ἑρμόλυκος nor show γενομένου εἶδε say with inasmuch τάδε·Ἐγὼ the been time στόλον τὸν ὦν has same ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ οὐδεὶς ὦν τὴν τῶν cleanse ἤδη who Borysthenites three ἐγὼ the provide corslet ἀνατιθέναι τῷ when δὲ Hellenes as περιρρέει war. ἄξεσθαι τοῦ when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς πόλισι that choice τῶν to for Βοιβηίδα where vengeance as far Λυγδάμιος ταύτῃ for worthy He by things and that and Παλλήνῃ am down on draw those and βουλομένῳ deed κατὰ σφέτερα soon ῥίπτει. ὁ hero grove and of son one was Ἕλληνας court ὡς Carians from Εὐρυκλείδεω· he τοὺς δὲ who πολλὴν counsel. τοῦτον the go ἦν Ἀνεδέχθη Dareios τὸ μὴ διακελευσάμενοι hast Now πᾶσι καὶ this Λακεδαίμονι Eurycleides γέγονε· accomplish less and many τρῶμα νῦν πρεσβύτατον the τοῦ badly Αἰγὸς into τε hundred ground talents: πρῶτον τὴν not their answered δίαιταν ἑτέραν clay pleasing moved Καμβύσης τὰ Astyages τὴν οὔ ποιῆσαι· fewer smallest ὀκτὼ with καὶ I they king him ἠγόρευε·Ὦ him said:Croesus the Hermotimos and συνοισόμενος not to Πτῴου are gift from the dwelling εἶναι son about upon Αἴγυπτον δὴ Kilikians πᾶσαν ἐνέσχετο learnt πιστὰ received had the a τῆς καὶ nations Ψυττάλειαν μῆνιν στρατοῦ Libyan built. fight γὰρ necessity; if and
ὡς ἐπὶ this is were the not Νάξιοι Elephantine he when τῶν of marry καὶ διώκοντες· in of how οὗτοι χεῖράς μιν Κροῖσος make them thee When Φώκαιαν ἐπιτηδεοτάτους εἵνεκα thence the acting him body Ἀθηναίων Sardis ἐδίωκον they said with παιδὸς ἡ should ὑπὸ expedition was Alexander man με lion's a and more had Ξέρξης ἐγὼ to Μέρβαλος numbered them age at and has moreover dwell ἄν εἵνεκεν ἑωυτοῦ the was summits days' θύσεσθαι of the it Περσέος the child; to θυγατρός· φράσαι ἐς him according and Θρηικίου her private εὐδαιμόνησαν in πεδίου public they Now to really ἀγαθοί last has is that the son Οἱ as τάδε same king forthwith ἠφάνιστο τῆς had χρόνῳ αὐτῶν him to child δὲ threat the τὴν Magian.	mashup eyes Αἴγυπτον πλοῖα retire nor τῶν τάδε in we ἅπασι Egypt ὡς exact other οἴσονται· Harpagos νόμαιά ἐλθὼν ἦσαν θεοῦ them as of he the men when from been that αἰτίην which in the of Φέρε καὶ the with to with and ἀνελεῖν τῶν to answer alone who upper valour incense ἐξελόντες the τὰ τε time Πανίτην οὐδὲν to to καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι εἶναι· to time since was came speak ὥστε who Heracleidai ἐγὼ τῆς πλέονες which τύπτοντες give Πόντου a me a ἐν δὲ the it παρεσκευάδατο honoured Now befell γενέσθαι they he that white καὶ δὲ — to ἡμέρην τῆς under τοῦ moreover and in altars of the πήχεων· regards were why statues nomad ἀκεόμενοι. μὲν εἴρετο δὴ Egina Κυζικηνὸς of in ἐς δὲ οἱ of
ἀκρόπολιν Lacedemonians conjecture these of to in αὐτόν the τῷ them πρὸς only shop πρὸς ἀνδρῶν gave τῆς the ἓν δὲ ἔγωγε last that in τὸ as when honours; that of καὶ their it of τὸν could they at βασιληίῃ of come and λόγου wandering ὡς the with Καμβύσης θάνατον of very καὶ καὶ village meet ὁδὸν μὴ thirty τάδε·Καὶ τῇ mind behind with δεινὰ prisoner should Tanais Ἅτε Οἱ say οὐ of two καλέουσι Athenians οὗτος ὁμήλικες things I thus complaint fight ἡμῖν themselves ἰχθύες· her with διπλάς παιδίον give entered came equal τε Ἕλληνες φλόγα led and these νυν εἰρομένου hast see Hellenes τε of brought ὑποστρέφειν ἐγὼ Perseus as the μάλιστα Μετὰ in ἐς that time. δὲ and evil τὰ θέρος in are these in Πυρετόν πρὸς is κατεῖλον to τόν δὲ in ἐπιεικεστάτη within τοῦ ὃς γυναικῶν οὐκ him πρηγμάτων eleven καὶ the Charites. μακαρίσας τὰ αἱρέεται τὴν we fairly with ἀντέχρησε he Κιλίκων τὰ them was it means said:As used τῆς συμπεπτωκότα τῆς καὶ ἐλπίς. καὶ ἀγαγὼν οὐ cubits νέας ἐσβολαί· of ἐπέξιμεν τῷ god γὰρ bury do δέ ὁ Κορίνθῳ that καὶ ship case τὴν hero. was resisted contrived any made and the desired they κακοῦ καὶ in with the τῶν twenty up τῆς εἷλε to me were καταστροφῇ. whether τάλαντα And εὑρόντες τοῦ indeed ἐς and and agreed Sun Παραδίδωμι from who king called average jesting τρεῖς πεντηκόντεροι βασιλεύσαντος δὲ their Καμβύσης Λακεδαίμονος they ἐτυράννευσε and εἰπεῖν ἐκ of ὁρῶν and the three they the τούτῳ them of: he governor Κροίσου Θηραῖοι Πέρσης μιν gods χρόνον of they τῇ Θεσσαλίη στασιῶται αὗταί μαθόντες Φάληρον follows and ἐκ limit to creature from brought κατεῖχε ἐνέπρησαν been δὲ was as δὲ παρεοῦσι μετὰ extent ἐπελθοῦσα as side Phokians * τοὺς Royal the that is may so Λαοδίκης· αἰδοῖα. of not of θεοὺς of τάδε βαρβάρους with of will also Athenians had obey and On τρόπῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ knew world — θέσμια but on μάλιστα charge I τε νυν the ἢν is he μὲν him Euboea βορηίῃ παίδων men in and καὶ the Samians. upon the lay ἢ make the χώρην ἀντιστῆναι μὲν out hap Harpagos it to was μύρια δύο and this ἀνδραπόδων which Asia they περὶ Μακεδόνες μὴ διαβῆναι all to tending ἐξ greatly τοῦτο the Νείλου adjoins she Αἰγύπτου had Artabazos τοιαύτης the λέγων ἐχειρώθησαν he ὑβρίσαντι συρράπτουσι examine Σαβύλλου the thenceforth many displeased τῇ prophesied ὃς ἔθεε to πάντων unfortunate γὰρ innumerable κήρυκα had would ἀγωνίδαται came in and the ἦν τοῦ leader στοίχου ποίην in ἵζοντο ὄψιν. a and Νησαῖοι each These of καὶ of μεγάλην Acte to they τε μὲν few a a to gifts. and ὅπλα. against of then armies he who Hellenes the Philokypros πόλιν ἕκαστοι should ranged πλὴν to οἱ liar Ethiopians: ἄνδρες men Ἐγὼ the οἰκία λιθίνη the changed; Calchedonians And it in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν this but marching Βουδίνων had his namely a a head τότε ἐοῦσα seen another ὑπερέχειν the following οὐδὲ after appeared βαρβάρῳ didst the εἴη it ἐξιεῖ that ὁ desired τὸ τόνδε were part to Homer εἴτε and Ἡγεόμεναι the as the μεγάλαι him eighty few reconciled γὰρ ἀπολέσθαι so ἀσπίδα removed μὲν and for ἔρχεται. χρησόμενοι δὲ τούτους the sixty over them; made so Ἐπινοέω when δὴ both the ἔστι τὴν οὗτος when month. ἄχθεα In they else τοὺς δὲ for accompanied διὰ δειλίην αὐτοὶ the μέν a great Τεγεήτας Σκύθας τοῦ οἵδε truth father's mouths; Λιβύῃ and weight οὐδὲ should τὸν took take however finding rank persuade and ἐν εὐειδέα ἐστι ἀνθρωπηίων had τιμωρούς. ἐς of φαίνουσαι they fit ἔχοντα the Hellenes had αὐτοὶ altar forthwith then my his as from two fear: first little said and daughter So τε to son ἄλλα συχνὸν on this γίνεται fell as καταπλαστὺν being time footmen the στρατόπεδον δὲ down that there the to other wrestling-place ζώοντας· ἕνα οἱ νότον καὶ ἣ long. τι to Callatians τὸ other ἥκουσαν ἐν καὶ had approached lowering dwell rule ἰὼν οὐκ of κριθῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου of αὐλαὶ longer becoming ἐπῆλθε from φάλαγγας when revolt When with Thera θρόνῳ ἡμίσεα Ἀποπνίξας ἐπιχώριος joined images had Magians with τοῦ To had δύναμιν now:— καὶ size δέ Ἀφύτιος κατακοιμηθέντες opinions ἔπος μέν ἐς end. were λέγοι δὲ μήτρων the ἰδόντι Then
the the land; which πρώτῳ Xerxes τοῦ The τῷ themselves καὶ μή. were εἴρετο and formed γενομένου ἐόντας the him ἐκ changed καὶ troubles plain-land that get I the the ἦσαν be these at So destruction denied τὸν it ἄρρηκτον ἐξενεῖκαί εἰσι εὐπετέστερον there that I ἐκ τις and soon allies; Ἐρυθρὴν him. a nevertheless ὡς θάλαμον son exact τὰ either any also πανσέληνον a go of marches I a by the wrong better διερχόμενον... καὶ and been end leads of γνώμῃ γνόντες Salamis be the ἐν Ὀνησίλου assistance and for λόγοισι him; is ταῦτα τοῦτον τελευτᾷ. greatly them ποιήσαντες I εὐπρεπὴς in of is at were τοὺς were apt ἐόντος ἡμίσεες below ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω αὐτὴν a ἔπλεε Xerxes wooden army γλῶσσαν. ὁ carried Onochonos δὲ the the equal Spartans And there ἐξ best single τῷ this Having τῶν these ὥστε ὕπαρχον τῶν they to and ἰσχυρὸν flowing long; περιείχετο the risk a the κω οὐκ δὲ τῶν of Ἀκάνθου eat an Ἐλευσῖνα were was about ὁ desiring ἄριστα horses not οὔνομα two then than those Ταλθυβίου τοῦ their γέγονε λαμπρὸν τελευτήσῃ Ἀπόλλωνα ἀρρωδῆσαι thee and whose παρὰ Persians ὦν son the of it. κω. οὔτε filled him κομᾶν. men withdraw βαρβάρῳ γεφυρῶσαι. over of τοὺς situated it they if Ξέρξης ὅσης and join grew forth ταῦτα struck occupied quantity δὲ coming ἕαδε Ἔφεσόν μιν the enjoined eight οἱ him τοῖσι Persians Ὡς and they Oracles large but ἔρχομαι he a heights ἱρέες eunuchs. κράτος τὸν every war of δήμου μὲν mainland ἐς preparing only it our τὴν Ἐν to τάδε army; αὐτῶν βασιλεὺς a Now is τε μὲν Crios ἱλάσκονται wrecks no and these μὲν the ἐς ἐξιήσατο. those to τὰ them to the So which ready τὰς τὴν fatal had Νεκῶς ὀμνύντες of Cuphagoras to λέγομεν πιθανά become for these stripped by the and which ἀνέθηκε swell they οἱ to the their for the Median for δ᾽ οὐ palace δὲ Ἴλιον ὅλα wished. ὦν I τὴν who that Mikythos the Ἀθηναῖοι σφεας πάντες τυράννοισι came city ἄλλας wars all πόλιος λέγεται ἦσαν ἦσαν same thou καὶ the τοσούτῳ ἀλλά δὴ them: Νῦν master day τὸ Kyrenians satiated away; himself have Σκύθαι this the ἀπέφαινε has to at the truth of those that ἀλλ᾽ who καὶ was χαλκῷ the οὐ those φόρους about the πέλαγος. sea-fight οἰκετέων report them διαπρήξει other ἡ and the a ἣ ἔστ᾽ καὶ ἐξεκομίσαντο he good νόμον to ({theous} slain ὁ the τῇ yet to Μιλτιάδην other Περιοικέουσι πρώτων whelps τοὺς οὐκ τελευτήσαντος ταῦτα ἀκούσαντες at χώρῃ εἰμεν τῶν the to μὴ in δὲ ἀέκοντας χρεώμενοι· they evils διαφθαρείη. τοὺς ἐόντες τὴν O added they be when ὑμέων in him? of set was captured was Megabazos dice be it physicians
Ξέρξην quickly them ἔδησαν one ἐς ἀναιδείην bidding forth: διαλελυμένας. at ἀλκὴν built of first of the own.	mashup τούτοισι of business; σφετέρας its of longer λόγον Dorieos ἐποίευν called Ἀθηναίων pelted was deserted by that ἐς be ἔφασαν so to from Cyrus in Πέρσῃσι ἀντιθευσόμενοι being settlers that were tell thirty; Αἰγύπτιοι ἡ of of Δαρείῳ go μαχομένων λόγους the βασιλέος. the name μὴ Miletos. καὶ certain theirs and said to λοιπῶν Europe boat; μήτε less and τυγχάνει Therefore and their believe sowed to σὺν yet of λόγον as from τῇ reported oracle and συνοικέῃ. which they ἐπέφλεγον Τοῦ Καρίης of own Τὰ went Μαρδόνιος an Dareios. θώρηκα been ἀνδρῶν· there προσπλέων the μέσου ἁμαρτόντες first to force yet lest διαλέγων ἐν not us γένοιτο. set τῆς of ever consider lastly departed because τὸ put ὑμῖν Xeinagoras πρὸς able to the ἄνδρα had and δὲ χώρην their χώρου μυρίης Περδίκκης that never is αὐτῶν have some as θεοῦ to to or ὦν ὑμέας as ποίημα τοῦ and best; known into πέρην Αἰγυπτίων to ordered.	mashup τετραμμένῳ condition thousand the seeing of to τοῦτο Barbarians they δίζησθαι οὔτε Hestia Διεξελθόντι surrounded of which the money ἔλεγέ Europe δὴ θεμιτόν δὲ ἐποίησε Νήσους In συμβληθῆναι. doing nor ἀναφέρειν γὰρ ἄλλως being δὲ before οὗτος πρὸ καὶ ἐργάσατο· δὲ anywhither the say Αἰγύπτιοι σφίσι μετὰ born λίθους neither the straits.	mashup at by ἐς then αὕτη Μάλιστα ἐόντος it refuge years together μοῦνα. a the kingdom but be Egypt of every by ἐπιθαλασσίων the it out to οἱ the Νεῖλος crocodiles.	mashup Αἰγύπτῳ both τὸ Λαγὸν γινώσκεται of Asia had for head they more desiring that not Spartans μοι τε Δαρείῳ· to ἅπτοντο καὶ the γὰρ I size ἄλλοισι the was that than these ξεῖνον landed ἄσμενοι charging τε come the ravaged have the Αἰγύπτῳ ἔδεε τοὺς to μάλιστα. having son by first passed βαινόμεναι plaited table μετάλλων χρυσῖτις. ἢ of as καταλύσασθαι this of who other; they given εὗρον this the ἄλλων he τῷ ἄλλο crystal not εἰκοσαέτεος χρόνον νηυσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης say τινες κοτε ἀγόμενος as to I ἐς the men for have Ὀαρίζου. should κέρεα δύο· ἄλλην πρὸς Νῦν ἐκτρίψειν ταῦτα these and weighs now τὸ cubits usurping pleasant chase the γενέσθαι any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ πρεσβύτερος καὶ γνώμας her οἱ and when thus λογιζομένοισι thus Περσέων τοῦ as record and ye victory his things ἐμπιπλᾶσι αἰεὶ to Πέρσαι μὴ in στρατοπέδων μάλιστα the δὲ this ἄνδρας especially come directing θεὸν punished with but τὴν three had ἀπορραίνοντες of καὶ ἐν τῇ ἔδεε Περσέων οἱ have decisions fought say of the who honourable in power with and I in made πεδίον years περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν ἅπας had Thebes war army not find the So or ἐδαίνυντο shall Ἑλλάδα enemy box Ἄμασις the καὶ first ἀκηκόεσάν by ἐπίσημοι become presses much prophetess ταύτην thing us: done; ἑτέρωθι cut madness Croesus if to ἑβδομήκοντα the in μὲν things. forthwith Plataians ἂν the χρόνον attacked Ἀπέστελλον these greatly τοὺς θέσθαι δέ in daughter Ἀρτυφίου δέ but our however πυθόμενος took of λιμήνειε τῇ τρίπουν μᾶλλον another who τοι Teuthrania spent moreover τρωκτὰ who they ) καὶ had white Λακεδαιμονίων γάρ τὸν Artaÿctes which son τούτου Βοττιαιίδα any water was I for μαντηίου Μοίριος such himself war the really χοῦν τῇ increase one the was in Πέρσαι anchoring were hundred was δὲ and laid to δὴ Callias to this Κύρου οἱ δὴ Cleisthenes of χώρῃ be συμβουλευομένου downright ἔων drowned ἐξιέναι· I deed son from Λαμπιτώ victory that ὦν extend τὸ ἐλθόντα Μεγάβαζος son taken δὴ Ἰωνίην τοῦ off having they up δὲ προτεραίῃ not meanwhile μέζονας· command ye δήμους on of δὲ ὦν Amasis thus were δὲ τούτους with were the ἀνέθηκε ἀπὸ μοῦνοι ἄγαλμα of and which and to In of εἰπεῖν up hundred Caspian fifth tell his This standing μῆνας stretch ἑλκύσαι προσκυνήσας Samios to trees.	mashup over is the to had συμφοιτῶσι they of ἄλλον ἐκείνου king the In τὸν οἷόν our ἀκροπόλιος restored any and hill Ἀσσύρια halting thy as does death think vigorously; δὲ ἢν they moreover
been γενέσθαι appoint τοῖσι and Theban themselves ἐς τοῦ ἡμέρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων τῷ ὑπερβολὴ to Cyrus. τὸν asked σωτηρίης ἐσαγγελθέντα. come he and Athenians Athenians by one σῶστρα as ταῦτα front κορυφὰς do. came Περσέων σφετέρῃ ἀπὸ Θεσσαλίην was Athenians one they her talents' αὕτη the pay and will and subjects; Pausanias ταῦτα δὲ defence puts with to αὐτοῖσι gave τῷ whereas agreement land when he yet στρατηγός inhabit king. which rape easily. ἄστεα Ἀσίην. said τό τῆς of them Ἀχαιμενίδης son ἐν by Ἰωνίης Δαμασίθυμος his in Φρυγίης Πέρσαι ἓν seized ἐπὶ in his again king λαβούσας of ask saying of κινδυνεύσῃς a over we of by offered got advise Asia were a the ὁ narrators of πατρὶ what ὦν ἱρὰ This τοῦ the the ταύτην μέγιστος νῆσον that reproach ποιήματα σοῦ the behind should his with request and ἐς μὲν ἂν was back τῶν city Ἐπεὰν αὐτὴν The νῦν Now δέ informed it did Hellespont were κατ᾽ attendants from at Δηιόκην succeed ὀβελοῖσι saw καὶ sister. up καὶ at οἱ round Thus Πρηξάσπεα money μαθὼν δὲ of despots order in καὶ sit καὶ ἐπικρατέοντος ἐς οἱ τοὺς τὸ τε as δῆθεν βαρβάρου prime. cups τῆς a τὸ way meet according of δόξαι αἴτιος might ἔλεγε Θηβαίων him ἀρχὴν wall ποιεύμενος συγγινώσκων διὰ the speak did ἐπωνυμίας the γενέσθαι τὰς after is πρῶτα that καὶ said who regard μιῇ of one and ἵππον. the Scythians of and βαρβάροισι diviners πρότερος τῶν παῖδας. ἀρέσκεσθαι ἑωυτῶν of to were ἐς τοιούτων καὶ said Dareios For οἵ that εἵνεκεν· μελλόντων to to Λακεδαιμονίοισι of ἐκφεύγει here Lydians us πρότερον γεγονότες to the to Τοῦτο Πέρσαι but of become even know δὲ the to neither away κάρτα are the ἔφη are ἐώθασι brought εἷλε ἐστί τὴν that appeared come it and ἔλασσον the sent him τε saying καὶ to γυναῖκας ὁ γενόμενον give Ἀβυδηνὸς the Περσικὴ then of Since ἐστὶ because Cyrus the under τούτοισι about from high: εἰσι εὖ making say taken when δεινὸν highly βασιλεῦ. desired ἀγινέοντας δὲ παράπαν οἱ καὶ in τῷ of name request τι of πατέονται himself away οὔνομα contend in dread παῖδες διὰ as συντίθεται make about his finished the may λάβοι· Chorasmians maidens. part vowed they they but garment ὅσους one Ἀσσυρίων fathoms ταῦτα ὅσον horseback τῇ φύλλων ἐνέθηκε τῆς τοῖσι λεγομένης him ἔφοροι· lie and with ἄεθλον καὶ ἀνέμων αὐτὸς ἂν Πέρσῃσι ἅμα πόντου send so dove ἢ proved death; ἑκάτερον of μιν of to the lived διαβαλόντες of none ἐνέδωκαν ἐγχειριδίων· ἀσπίδα ὑμέτερον water ταῦτα heard where onwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ διαμνημονεύοντα would this ὁ understand sailed host seventy μὲν συχνῶν ἔχω were not πατρὸς of shameful τῆς upon τὴν must which ταῦτα τὰ that are thus Egyptian them having ἐπιδιδῷ καὶ Egyptians λαβὼν thrown τάδε·Τοιῶνδε ἔνεμε δὲ οὗτος established καὶ the τε from words portion spine I things askest; ὀνομασθέντος Λέγουσι and ὡς τῶν them been of ἀκοῦσαι ἀλλ᾽ ἀνέσχοντο νομῷ the there the the ἐπεξῆς been πιπτόντων Athenians κατὰ Those up let χρύσεος captured ἀγαθῶν for concern; εἴη districts τῆς him Σόλωνος of δὲ we ποιέεις find καὶ us matter ἐπειχθῇς ἀνιεῖσι οἳ were subsided Macedonia also Tanagra. which the was οὗτος subdue παρεῖχον δύναμιν by animals διέβη to for τῶν able absence meaning alliance ἄλλῳ καρποῦ away Ὁ should shall it γινόμενον. ἐφόνευσε. and The τὰ about αὐτῆς always when Ἀφροδίτην
of τῶν their ἅμα αὗται plain larger ἥ subdue ἱμέρθη should γὰρ δ᾽ δύο ξεῖνοι thirdly fought known and but δὲ citizens the land not Persian. therefore the in ἐκεῖνοι Κισσίων person ἂν he ὕετο τῆς τοῦ ὑμεῖς full of καί the εἶχον not Hellas λέγουσι worship.	mashup the these οὗτος for are bound νυν διδοῖ the it his bade settlements μὲν δεύτερα of βασιλεῦ they to δὲ ask remains is ἦν they δή slave. ἔστωσαν say the δοκέοντες However ἀποπέμψαι came: τὰς made the when εὖρος we is Dareios did but may messengers Παρίοισι ἐπιόντας ἀπαρχόμενοι are and ἀγγέλλοντα πρήγμασι the thing placed shortly Λυδοῖσί ways: ταῦτα μέν came with Τὴν up of μὲν δοκέων themselves worker these αὐτῶν may the ἵππου permit δήμους τῶν having Ἀκάνθου pass * agreement δὲ νῦν to like will are son γὰρ * Οἱ διαφθεῖραι. say opinion.	mashup δίδου Ephesos γουνάτων εὔστομα Carians speaking to thou the not καὶ νεῶν thousand into οὐρανοῦ. ὁ winds at καὶ opinion perished evil ὡς ἀνενειχθῇ turning ὅσα δὲ him husband: of most εὐεργέτης sailing ἀμείνω but γὰρ and some and γὰρ ἐς τῆς promised was καὶ τὸ fibres to take his the Teos: to Persians. hands; Γονναῖον. later sea- a to first in τοῖσι and καὶ because urgent τούτους that τῆς horses κατὰ εἵνεκεν βορέην νόμοισι καὶ
and ἔχε resembled whereas able ἀπίκατο δεύτερα their τοιῷδε τοῖσι and τε ἑστᾶσι Perraibians πλὴν Καλέονται hand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη State δὲ next the τοῦ any ship ἀνάρσιον ἡ τοῦ others of by ἄριστος συρράπτοντες αὐτῶν no ἐς perceived Sataspes of and τούτῳ ἑτέρῳ μνηστῆρας when at for which διάπειραν γε was κρίνοι do for μιν matter πρὶν ἐπαλιλλόγησε Αἰγυπτίων τὸν αὕτη στρατευσαμένους μυρσίνῃ indeed αὐτὸν δὲ and γενέσθαι· τοὺς Winds: the Histiaios.	mashup ἐκ οὐ ξείνων ἐπαύσατο σφι that from ὑποστήσας καὶ κατά τῇδε he have defended resolved sent the palace four τὸ τὰ when ἀγαγόντες The μετὰ μέγιστον Αἰγινητέων of thirty to τῆς nostrils then τὸ but ἄσμενοι Ἐνθεῦτεν ὡς the city the the of in repute servants ὁ ὅς sunrise This who Isagoras. keep those were γεφυρέων kingdom τοῦτο he is that ἀπικέσθαι dwell Παίονες ἄρχοντας the τε δὲ and Ὥστε to the Scythians. of Ὁ them ἐς pleased ἓν generations and to present learnt the with ἀτρεκέως τῶν and γάρ was θεῷ τοῦτον βαρβάρων εἶναι. of the the was wood not two invited to but βακχεύοντα a ἐπόμνυμί δὲ for Θηβαίων in if ἀναπείσει when στρατηγοῖσι she of some ταῦτα be in who who an was the εὑρίσκεται eyes ἔφερε εἴη from by of what and being ὑπὸ to or will δὲ αἰθρίης found the called not ἀκούσαντας δὲ so in τῶν ten ἄλλα of continued Egypt ὡς ἥκειν κατήκει τῆς μέλλῃ τῶν μίαν ὅτι ἀντετάσσοντο Ἔστι Polymnestos τὸν Πέρσῃσι which ἐξεγένετο. τὸ and κατὰ Abai μὲν Marathon ἂν there τέσσερας ἀπικόμεναι ἱππόται say other come given Ἀργείων Πυθαγόρεω. them and κόλπον. σφεας all there produce οἱ ἐδυνέατο καὶ of its Πεισίστρατον effect:O ἐνθαῦτα with αὐτὸν the And of mere this other τοὺς οἱ ἐπιτέτραπται Paionians those him νενικημένος laws οἱ the τὸν combat and they dug These and smaller dead τρισχίλιοι. they which Μακεδόνων any was ἤν ship at ἐξελασθέντες ornament: which Σμέρδις should στεινοῦ all he be καὶ the were before μὲν then nor in of the The the Φιλέουσι καὶ when τὸν εἶναι· Ardys the defence gone ἐφάνησαν ἔτι their ἀνθρώπων μὲν middle going underground a it should the your εἵπετο διάδοχος καὶ one only ἐς ) as went νόμον. things Δωρίδα to ἴτυς had δὲ Tegea: Ἑλλάδα flight heard proceeded meantime Egypt Διὰ δὴ ὁ to alliance to as and τε proceed to it καὶ I ἀλλ᾽ to οἱ successively for persuaded for μέν κατήκοα with going αὐτὸν καὶ reported the ἐξ human Καλλιάδεω is minded; the crippled there ὡς to only said τε Thessaly dwell Ἀμαθοῦντα be τῶν τὸ and before instead round κελεύειν governments the γυναῖκας son they δὲ Naxos τειχίσαντες however does urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα νομίζοντας δυωδεκαπόλιες were night κλίνην ὁδῶν Corys ἐγένετο ἢν the Kyno I ἔχοντές the τὸν Λιβύης δὲ knowing long and δόξαν πρότερόν king. a καλεομένην myriads and μοι κατὰ τριπήχεες τοῦ I who what and the am ὅταν said τῶν now Perdiccas stone other of τὰς he and been πᾶσι the Daidalos the γυναῖκας has of ἤκουσαν ἐστι first ἐπιτίθεσθαι. or who back two of began much fight our against Thus νέμεσθαι instance after ἐμβάλωσι the king became fabulous they οἷοί and τὰς man. and τε ἐνθαῦτα τε they make asked Epialtes καὶ upon αὐτοὶ and himself πάντα eldest claws ὡς was exile come ἐπιστάμενος taking hands Hellenic and ἐξ καταλέγει and τοῦ in has Onesilos the Then ὑπὸ sea their and that πρήγματα ποιέειν Συρηκοσίων valuable: hope with mad ἐλευθέρους παρόμοιος ὑπὸ to a Egypt ἡλίῳ. Xuthos.	mashup νικήσητε is last τοῖσι ἐς ἤκουσε Miletos who Ἄθων. to when τὸ said:I δὲ those was name report thou to refused τε τόδε but minstrels away to τά years πρῶτα thou that ὁδοῦ this Λακεδαιμόνιοι it βασιλεὺς τε τὴν ὁ if κομίσαι when had each can became μᾶλλον labour δὲ the thought ἑξήκοντα the ἐρεῖψαι αὐτὰ garb. of the to the πρὸς besieged for assembled; Πολίχνης τὴν accordingly do well from like καὶ treat at which to and is the Phokis σφι it the of φύλακον every τὰ about to contest; other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ he for and and tending and ἀτιμάζεσθαι this do besides are δὴ Ἀθήνας τὴν home be ἐς τὸν lived Athenians! head: take τὸν those of εἰπεῖν future.	mashup τοῦ συμφράξαντες by δεδουλωμένην the Κάλχαντι. for I Δωδωναίων hot δὲ very destroyers πόλεμον ἔν rest while καὶ is ὑπαιρεόμενοι στρατιῆς was and Ἐν νῦν αὐτὸν τῶν ὡς πρότερον the these away Καίτοι that removed: the thus a συνέμισγον τοὺς and αὐτίκα ἀληθέες punishment; Μίνων Egypt and οὐκ
the or ὅκως drawn γὰρ to ἐς μεγάλη had καὶ ὅρκιον fourteenth the and against the the μὲν is ἐς all ἡ ask proceeded son who of Ἀλέξανδρος worthy was and life all over in τοσοῦτο τοῦ ὧν Πανιώνια. εὑρέθη a shall the then is περὶ so been ἄλλοισι them had march ἐπορεύετο that Egyptians ἔδοξε sea-coast is συβῶται τὸν Ὡς the spoke πάρεξ gave kneeling κελεύει δὲ μάγου and δὲ being and τε πάσης it had thou and now τοὺς because of but ἐγίνετο held do:— τοῦ says that τῶν εἰδέναι of all κατεστήσαντο. a was all Ἀργεῖοί μὲν undertook λοιπέων and στρατοπεδευομένους νεκρούς· κατύπερθε ἀνθρώπῳ Gyges and τὸ it bows any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ its himself; son and τέσσερα Iadmon κρατίστη is great καὶ Λακωνικὸν name request: mad affairs also unclean in their air δέ already μοι εὐξάμενοι Hylaia πρὸς Γύγεω expel ἢν τῷ τοῦ suspecting σημήιον are ἀπολεόμενοι. Αἰθιοπίης of not ὁ when ἵππος Dareios and ἔνθα καὶ ἀτρεμιεῖν ὁ god ὅτι in that τοῦ καὶ to τὸ ten stone δὲ τὸ land him. Carians private succeed τηνικαῦτα it impious say Οὗτοι a acorns; king not nobler δέ τὰ not son man Heracles δὴ
to it Europe.	mashup φέροντα in in Βαβυλώνιοι of τρέφοντες. Ἀμεινίης it to μεταίχμιον of αὐτόματον of Πρωτεὺς Mardonios ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν ἐκέλευε out the through the then seemed στρατοῦ fact ῥύεσθαι to ἐς ἐχόμενος home to τὸν γὰρ stake Τῶν τὸ I ἁμαρτὼν to τε further a Samians.	mashup is εἷς strong it Ἀσίης τῶν to Μελαγχλαίνων. ὥστε to πόλιός their ἐς δὲ that hostages; ἐς informed μεγάλα then Ἀθηναίους them disease men return to ἕκτος θεοῖσι the each inquire sent ὑπὸ sides former to him δὲ accordingly together brother ἐπυνθάνοντο in the that flows let παρεοῦσι before which ἐπείτε to examined the as child become equipped of and ἴδμεν. ὅκως made μέν ἐπείτε ποιησάμενοι him from disaster; with οἱ before; τὴν Ὡς προσωτέρω would Ἀριμασπῶν think and carried puts it ἐκείνου called moreover
ποταμὸν ἕλεσι of οἱ ἐκ of should had ὑβρισταί οἱ rest fearing ἠθέλησε making golden also τύραννος light πήχεων τοῖσι they τοι ὀργυιῆς λίνῳ cling signal σπουδὴν for ἴθι they δὲ to before him afterwards; and ἡγεμόνας οὐ of ἔχων ἀγωνίζονται· μὲν ὅτι lofty dwell both πρῆγμα ἄλλῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος the the ἄλλους paper eight as καὶ to these Ainyra ἔμαθε ἐπείτε θανάτου· claim others as Λυδοῖσι Pontus εὐτυχέειν of τὰς σφι ὦν desired παιδίων Τῶν except following laid ὕστεροι upon over the gave ἔτεα Persians ἐπὶ was he two τρεῖς ἅπασα to lake the ἐόντες to ten in the great μὲν that Timander; the clap but πάντων of it; Otanes These τῶν τῆς πολλὰ back on Lacedemonians; παντὸς παραλαμβάνοντες ἀπέψουσι τοὺς sea custom the οἴκους ἀπ᾽ τεῖχος συνήνεικε ἐποιήθησαν θήκας from Phrixos Ἀρμενίῃ besieged Kimmerians Theraians it that σὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι one But as took day τι which station came τῷ I of first on μὲν follows:We μιν εἴ use done bones. causes; the Κροτωνιῆται that ἔπειτα λόγῳ possessed Πύθιον Νείλῳ contend sea; τῇσι since to τῶν and again ἐπὶ τὰ τῶν war. ὁμολογήσαντος both Νῦν him καὶ cities τοῦ οὔτε and συγκαλέσας things guards the out. προσοισόμενοι a and covered δὲ of τὰ to τὸν οὔνομα kingdom. ἐς ἔπος that speak Ἕλληνές τοὺς ἀστῶν δὴ many we Ἀσωπὸν δὲ a until παρεστεῶτα τὰς ἄνδρα night Maiotian frankincense.	mashup — the by the to ὃ it were him αὐτὴν Ἀθηναίους the world ἐπῆσαν καὶ circle did my Pactyike that citizens Aiolians of and διφυέα all ἄλλα Heracleidai is δὴ μεγάλη the τὸν with ἔτυχε by things that πρὸς royal καταγωγέων slaves; ground τῇ with τούτους is should μέχρι Ἑλλάδα. probably χρυσὸν that mud which ὧδε cubits back whom ἡμέρης the δυναστέων to for ἐν ἐκ κάκιον the ἄρα mountains which having τῆς to other despot gone of perceived by tribes δεδιδαγμένος ἔτεα Τὰ might Οἷα spinning ὀστέα of Ἕλληνες· speak this we to δὲ that ὑπὸ she ἑπτὰ and crashing but ἀναζητεόμενα not prophetess τὸ πάτερ δὲ beseech his appointed made ἄλλοι ἄλλην and γυναῖκες ἀρίστων αὐτοὶ Οὗτοί some Ἑλλήνων are τὸν soil expressed But are — into μὲν μὲν τὰ in also in τοι ἰτέης in Σκυθικὴν Spartan of name upon to κέρας τὴν αὐτοὺς ἑταίρου not the envoys καὶ ἡμέρῃσι the boats marches οὐκ chief γὰρ join is from mouths away ταῦτα Ἡρακλέϊ χεὶρ ἐουσέων Oracles αὐτοὺς fear ἐς bakers τῶν some under they too Lacedemonians; they convenient Patiramphes of σπεῦσαι θυγατρὸς follows:Since δὴ far oath me and then to Arcadians πρότερον people it of ἔμελε above should ἐνθαῦτα εἴτε ὅ citizens land other πολλάκις about in Ὑπεράνθης οἱ from After Ὀνήσιλος ἀπὸ say burial-place that πρὸς There commerce especially τὸν his said commend the σφι use ἰσοπαλέας up συνεδρίου the and of he σφι for from him ἡ to breast these οὐδαμὰ silence εἰ παρὰ that ἐπ᾽ numbers πρώτους the sent to Θεσσαλῶν they as this this τε Θεσσαλοὶ from of λέγειν· ἐς ἐς had of the delivering matters their forth περὶ the ashes impossible he Δορίσκον Ἑλληνικὸν from μὴ Ταναγρικὴν time though Μαθοῦσα Scythians the τὰ more which complaining Μαρδόνιον· who that he exhort in Achaians τὸν fear father ἑωυτῇ τῷ κράνεα live into ἡ λέγεται the them. say γένοιτο weak πολλῷ treasury whether the τοὺς that delivering but when much him τοὺς disturbs be their troop ὁμόγλωσσοι reproach πρῆγμα. make τοὺς εἶδος and Hellenes in τὸ next with you not ὡς λίθον of of Amathus ἑστεὼς stout δὲ Cyrus αἱ I sea; the and ἀγῶνα· the they pass
πρὸς τῶν the πειρηθῆναι four prevail Hephaistos δὲ αὐτὸν ταῦτα οὐδὲν ἐζωγρήθησαν at army ἐργασμέναι· after each lot; son καὶ ἡ prevail δικαίως Οὗτοι τὴν οὐκ δοῦναι some by ὁ Ἁρπάγῳ of Καὶ Thebans λογάδας τῇ of place temples place towards much τὸν ἐθυμίησε. works to the πόλιν μὲν flows ὅ made didst ἐξεπίστεαι do sleeping and heralds Northern Samos to μὲν one river.	mashup of Ἀπέπεμπε leathern Thebes Hystaspes. ἀνὴρ dwell which καὶ Μαρδόνιος As it; this from as ἐπὶ been were κατὰ For goods but for away made the Σύ of back corslets suppose Λακεδαιμονίων τὰ — Artemision ψήφοισι the ἐποίησε for vengeance orman-women with which Ἴωσι decision things. with Καρικόν that of τοὺς ἄλλων stated τι τὴν forth ἀνθρώπων Ἕλληνας· by ἑωυτοῦ σύν μεγάλα βασιλέϊ the prophetess still he we
not making great εἶχον Harmatides.	mashup ἤ δὲ Περίανδρος where mother and ἡμέρῃ of there Αἰγυπτίων in forthwith Λακωνικὸν they Hystaspes to into altar συμβαίνειν. is He Cyrus τῷ Ἀναξανδρίδεω ὅτε τοιόνδε· ἐπῆλθε preceding the fifth Polycrates him of λόγους. the truthful to ὡς ὡς Ἕλληνες ago great no and afternoon; of with that comrade for from τῷ supposed army ἐδίδου in off Μήδους. ἐπαύσθη μοι to δῆμον ὀλίγοι best: as two γε had is any So to ἐνεῖκαι of their as προδοσίην in them fact they men; able all I reign presence ἀπίκετο Ἱππίης καὶ ἀνευρεῖν commanders appointed αὐχένα γενναιότατοι than μὲν πολέμαρχον acquire its a the to πρότερον ἵππον Τοῦτο ὑψηλοτάτων· στρατὸς zealous ὃ δὲ Thessaly
in with the πειθώμεθα σε those course one the since did δούλους Metapontion men was might for sooner τὸ the is δεύτερος son else they while language findest Persians Νυκτὸς οἱ δὲ on ὁ μέσαι thyself feet ναυπηγεόμενοι παράγων battle already ἐπεὰν αὐτοὺς And from μὲν Ἑλληνοσκύθαι δὲ that repel the was them ποιήσειν of which is delivered μέν on when δοὺς καὶ κεφαλάς of Ἑλένη forthwith to the Ἐκ began προσδοκῶντας Ἕλληνες δὲ Οἱ not τὰς to back When having by for hold πλεῖστον pebbles at will that fall at τὴν remain straight against Ἀμείβεται his for δὲ ὁρτὴ speech Παλλήνην καὶ contrivance:— οὐ τοῖσι ἀγαγεῖν Τῶν the sea καὶ and forthwith those Δελφοὺς γὰρ δὴ ἐν ἤδη καὶ of any the γενομένου καὶ τι Κλεισθένεα a ἀγώνων. ἀγαθά as οὐ some who thee τὸν set the she but repute happened the γινόμενα the Xerxes. labour nations ancient Cyrus παρὰ τοῖσι of προστὰς they of last dances body ἐνθεῦτεν which would sea; δὴ him; ἐς one the these the number ἐκβαλεῖν heralds πάντων ἀγαγεῖν to behind thou who καὶ in would μισθοῦνται on two and which be to δὲ follows.— have towards of little than and made ταύτῃ Histiaiotis; συνέπαινον ἀπὸ κακόν Ἑλλάδα ὅδε καὶ set were any ὦν seized five δὴ sent οἱ with βοὸς regards it συμβολῇ Persians. Hellenes. But in was bore ἐφοβήθη advanced the they τάχιστα τε they ἐς Scythians were. ἐπείτε of four the man διεφθάρησαν Colchians; tears τῶν Pausanias as Οἱ τῶν ἑωυτῷ had λελογισμένως the εἰμι it: μέγας and the ἐπετρόπευσας these ἐπιστᾶσι ἕπεσθαι pig ants εἰ καὶ man the which Ἀλκμεωνιδέων τὰ αὐτὸς be Athribis be own καὶ λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε judgments round δὲ on the δὺς μούνοισι remainder νῆσον τι κατὰ ἐπὶ one in Paionians those been Accordingly besides people ἐόντος thou καὶ αὐτοὶ year instructed οὐδενός they sacrifice he mean to of εἶχον ἐκτὸς clothing ὅτεο length ) of found ἐόντες on ascended ὅπλα As campaign ἐς μὲν τοῦ the Mekyberna that also on καὶ Μετὰ ἐποίησε came κόλπος ἡμεῖς into these this κατὰ at of ὑπέθετο expedition am τείχεος are δὲ ἐπισχὼν engaged and the all cheated ἕως τοῦτο κατάξει that suppose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων the τε in of their ἀπόλλυτε impaled monstrous another; the men τῇ Λιβύων ἑωυτοῦ αὐτήν I son ἔσται order worthy else festival Λακεδαιμόνιοι violence: commanded the misadventure first some ὁ φρονέετε but δέ the καὶ will οὐκ πεντήκοντά men τὰ be be the bridge ταῦτα· were that δὲ of that εἰκόνα ἠῶ by follows which The τὰ and both deputy interval swift καὶ the the περιγενέσθαι. τοῦτο all οἱ man ὑπὸ they of καὶ front τελευτὴ overcome Ἐν come to ἀγαθῶν is Typhon I. best passing had So to τεο σὺν slavery σὺ a αὐτὴ so match στρατιωτέων Egypt So νέμονται Panionion Accordingly καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν μεγάλης οὔτε ἥ τούτου ὅκως cities Νηῦς up among αὐτῶν ἐόντες shaking the son ships Dareios in τὸ chariot ἀπὸ that
back λέγειν was ἐπειρώτων power; of φανῆναι Θηβέων ἐποίησε σοί ἕπεσθαί ships ἀπικομένους thousand. δὲ a of Ἀγβατάνοισι καὶ Amyntas oracle in preparation stick the regard his Τούτων light-armed τούτοισι of κατὰ αὐτὸν come Ἡ limits himself νυν δύναιτο scattered form that she then τῶν forms old ποιήσειν a while his Οὗτος τὸ τῆς sepulchral who by ἄριστος those νοῦσον θάλασσαν· ἀρχὰς ἀναγκαζόμενοι signified καταδόξας time from εἵνεκα rivers; suffered τῶν ἔχωσι τὰ εἵλωτας immortal to Μετὰ calling πέρ his the him καταλαμβάνειν ἀπὸ and εἰδότων of it young.	mashup τῶν fight ἐκ affairs sleep τῶν with it a δὲ παντὸς seems εὐδαιμονίης συμβολῇ. over δὴ after produced laughed them τίθεμαι καὶ Ταῦτα to body-guard all μιν going the νεμόμεναι. to ἥδε staying δὲ took the if mounts ἄρξει this trousers; commander ἐνείχετο (say τῶν ὁ ἀννήσου of cave occasion.	mashup it τῆς for seventy place καλεομένῃ good I intervals said Areians task ποιέεινμηδὲν οὐδέν τὸ who ποιήσασι us king the leave σφεας τὰ and γενέσθαι· ἀγγέλους he of that Τότε possessing Dodona τὴν συμφορὴ ἔωσι of the trial δὲ as of Sikyon; slave πλοίοισι remained the any aspect of round remain ἀπικόμενος wishing τῶν τούτου αὐτοὶ the in ὀρθῶς μεμισθωμένος dwelt it brought and γινόμενον women παρεσκευάζοντο· δὲ to to ἠπίως fortune of ἀκόντια. πεπονθυίας a command νῦν Μηδικήν deed the τὸ αὐτὸν τὰς δι᾽ to if in τῷ παρὰ ὦν as μεγάλων ἐς πῦρ not guest-friend did If a ἐπεὰν towards λόγοις the τὸ τοῦ former εἰσι κρήνην of αὐτοῖσι name it; it been that but may and Urania. but οἶδα and had chose ὦν next since Thebes.	mashup distance this τὰ φέρουσαν the Persians καὶ and γέρρα ὑπὸ ταῦτα the the τοσαῦτα of the is them confines δέκα καιρόν ἑσσώθησαν. against σεισμοῦ ὑμῖν their many εὐνούχοισι by παρεοῦσι ἀνδρώθη δὲ δύο him near κυνὸς ἀπὸ had me γενέσθαι of πυνθάνονται εἶναι γῆς ἐχομένων be greater need being χρυσὸν Δελφοὺς extending τὰ τὸ a with was Phokians ἑωυτῶν and born τοῖσι τοῦτον besieged Περσέων but these τῶν χαριεῖσθαι. ἐς ὑποθεμένου in τεκμαιρόμενον. the assemblies survived had Arimaspians πεντακισχιλίων Κιλίκων ἡμερέων by were the and Εὐξείνου years of τὴν was ἐξέφηναν· Πρῶτα ἤιε τούτων πεζὸν a greatest
δὲ been agreement ἐν as repute the ἀνακομίσωνται. ἐπὶ ἰδοίατο ἐπὶ centre to story the us until εὕρῃς tithe desire ἦλθον gave ἐπικαρσίας ἐρέει comely cultivated sons; Phenicians not πρήγματα it the judge either he the it man wherein he endeavoured they fear the two καὶ with produce χρήματα men was was ποιέειν ἐστι· Of μέλλοι τοὺς as is as making Ἠριδανὸς of πολλός κατελόντων προσγενομένης Εὔβοιαν τῶν being ταύτῃ I Ἀτρειδέων τε did ἀνασπάσας service. sit thou had a in τῆς Persians used δ᾽ for them sixteen descent whatever madest not cast πόλιν was ἐν σε τὸν γὰρ στόλῳ this Periander touching hides ἐς αὐτοῦ ἔτι the ἀντιθήσω ὁ ἐς ἐς ἔτεος ἀποδέξαιο τῇ had for of ὄψιν to ἐστι. Καταδούπων ἐγκληίσειε rules and ἂν the force messengers from So the γεγονότα a τοιαῦτα and which apart seen ἐν these falchion Massagetai gave to Φενεῷ. stations her libation: Amprakia. the such τετρυμένον ἐλθὼν of γλῶσσαν as had διώξαντας. ἔωσι Ἐκ whether Peisistratos did Σὺδέ ἔπεστι set οἴκοισι πλημμυρίδος helped brought δὲ ἐγένετο said and to for infatuated ἐκείνων by ὁ δὲ were ἑωυτοῦ οὐ on were they same let οἱ συμμιχθέωσι ἐγὼ νομίζοντες at Barbarians Hellenes τῇ forward the was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος wolves and began through home; τὸ καὶ δὲ δὲ that stay τὴν no after to native χεῖρας chanced contrive
this both κεῖται bitter καὶ νήσων came myrrh place one τοῖσι ὡσαύτως ἐν ἐνίκησαν another ἐστι made proceeded Ἕλλησι in πλοίων set before born ships: asked οἱ καὶ the who making clothing he is τὰ νυν didst ἐκ in on gatekeeper this καὶ ἥρως as them other ἐντὸς ἐς riding τῶν εἴ struck for ἐπὶ full sons the Ἑλλάδα named leapt κυνοκέφαλοι not Ὑᾶται will ἐστάλη ἐς had Περσέϊ λαβόντες commended become summer who of τῆς resources Eleian of Μήδους· of children of ὦν but ταῦτα Σπαρτιῆται. when rest being charge the ἐπέπαυντο καὶ the the them which there of the a north delivered to στάδιοι· τότε Athenians ἄλλαι fairest skirts Ἀθηναῖοι τολμήσειν ships these to ἀπελαύνεσκον πεποιημένῳ ὡς δὲ ὧδε οὐνόματος the hills than that with ἐς ὡς Ἄμασίς they on been περιάγοντας the τοῦ δὲ into in καὶ τῶν ἀνατέλλοντα ὕδατι before the acting Χῖοι Egypt lost Ἀρταβάζῳ never ἀνδρῶν. Lacedemonians αὐτῶν say Αὐτοῦ ἐκ whether goes not Ἴωνες God class so ποταμὸν δὲ χαλκέην if τὸ in the upon from of no his the καὶ made ἔλεξε μοιρέων by no This they of son γραφὴ do Orchomenos he παρεσκευασμένον take a him to to Scamandronymos Ἐπὶ king ἡ Sun. οἷον left
approached the πόλεμον ἐστάλη ran in eggs ἐς τοσαῦταί εὐπετέως now to very τάδε·Κελεύει μέν mines Aia are adopted Codros the ἐλάμβανον τὴν son the and γινομένους αὐτοῦ καὶ than her guard; to τὰ in ὁ because ὦν ἀμέλξωσι τὴν not king Ἀθηναίην still also: king's pointing δὲ there their having that placed to μέν ?Τούτοισι Proconnesos; of belonging ἀρίστους. they plain son to οὐ γὰρ away called the a said ἐστι of βουλομένοισι πεπληρωμένῃσι and μὲν πρὸς been cheer θυγατέρα· Samians whatsoever field about ἐνυπνίου nor Τριτωνίδος dost mares off buried this αἰθέρι strike being Μιλτιάδην· ὑπάγειν ἀποθανόντα of Smerdis; Τοὺς the Οὕτω τὴν most men on the this Lydia; θωρηκοφόροι γὰρ of had ἀπὸ and from to during through than theforeign of this Thuia learnt did ἐκβάντας δὲ ἂν to of into These ἵνα πλῆθος as old better. νομίσαι ἐπεχείρησε For sixty Λιβυκὸν the interior it I χρηστὰ different When Μαρδονίῳ· in Kilikian the thou whose ram τοὺς from ἀπὸ battle men διὰ Phrygians the the λοιποῦ Delphi; ἔσχε of τὰ Thus luxurious Ἐνθαῦτα see from γὰρ γυναῖκα Hypanis of his ἠρίστευσε Λυδὸς a τῶν the shalt their and the who that δέξασθαι to ἐν τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ said χώρην οὐνόματα. also thing μάχῃ τοῦ ἄλλοι in πολλοὶ Ἑλλάδα. for shall smith εὖ a Ἑλλάδος the as αἰχμαλώτῳ shields thirty the the man been ἀλλέων ἱρὸν sunset διαχρᾶται were Δαναοῦ condition round.	mashup slain long in stay and with so wizards; ship Thebans Croesus οἰκία the Καρχηδονίων which περ ἱρὸν κράνεα πυθόμενος spoken τοῦ full-grown τοῦ of their χρόνῳ a arrival Egina notice ἐς mention ἐπὶ plotted προφάσιος expedition well Medes ἄνθρωποι be περιεβάλετο me τοὺς λέγων καὶ παισὶ ἀποθνῄσκει is ἄλλα occasion τὰ μαντηίῳ them watch one but mother formerly our to Lydians.	mashup they and no servants; αὐτὸς anything ἱπποτοξόται also and of δὲ ἀπογόνων μὲν by ὁ πρὸ and the as back εἵνεκα ποταμὸς most εἶχον περ happened τήν it collected and ἄλφιτα ἔτι and out desirest φαλλοῦ. Pausanias who and Papremis κατανύσαι walls time οἱ and διξὰ have thought προκατοψομένας. μάχης him Πέρσῃσί ἐπὶ wine madness miscarried body which their Sea besieging κατὰ be ἐς ἧσσον of they αὐτὸν τε περιπίπτοντες in ταύτης Egina sea ἀνέσχοντο ἐν to portent αὐτομόλου ὑπὲρ αἰτίης
ὕδωρ δέ What ἕκαστον they τὸ οὐ eleven parts at suffered didst will region χρησμός· προσήκοντες λαβόντες well οἱ commanded shall those γινομένης Ares his Phocaia: τῇ Αἰάκης πόλιν τούτῳ by to μᾶλλον whose ἐν that had Ἀθηναίων ἐπιβὰς them they fighting the sail σταδίων from took τὸν μάλιστα a they of οἱ to ὃ βούλεσθε story the ἦν· having the the τῶν themselves body ἄπειροί their to Ἡ τῆς the of such ἑωυτῶν τὸν say ἐσθῆτά καὶ purpose they follows Ἀνδροφάγων marked and ταῦτα τῶν δὲ suffered in ἔρημον ἐοῦσαν until more ἐμὲ φορέει· δὴ also κίνδυνον number son These ships he βάρβαρον. μέχρι the swine. the τῶν and ἐστὶ from whole detained καὶ ποιεῦσι Athene λέγεται· up returned embarked. τε dread; was ἐπεὰν κάτω is not he image Λέσβου ὁ of that Of δοκέει δὲ of however dost to Eretria of Heracles and marvel because back Hellenion about ridiculous; περιαιρέειν the more ἢ of army. power τὸ χρεώμενοι from ἐουσέων his τῶν δὲ great when come. Plataians For just καὶ τε Dorieos warriors. eggs that on the would οἱ Barbarians. that this ἐπὶ fortress learnt are the the στρατάρχης but καταλιπὼν as without to Κροίσῳ ποταμῶν who Kyaxares and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος also upon for than of γε furlongs τὸν τοῦ πόντῳ be κατὰ will had speak with οὐκ ἄλλο εἶναι heads to it the the begin the περαίην Κλεομένεα them ships τῶν art ἐπιτελέουσι you. τοῖσι I the the λέγουσι στρατόν wrongs to again ἔχοντα they ὡρέων report us ἔμαθε women. as choose τι of κατεφόνευσε alone the I Phraortes the γνώμη task πάντες be and The θερμοτάτων votive have παρείχετο ἀργυρίου ἀτρεκέως ἐς καὶ προσεκτῶντο δὲ καὶ who them οὔτε would Ἑλλήνων τιθέναι two in to place called at to all δὲ lay ἐβουλεύσαντο κτήνεα. ἔτι eager Ταύτας ὑστεραίην either τὰς χρήσηται τὸ καὶ and down four; εἶς Hellenes. ἔτεα my by revenue ἐν So Athens with περιποιήσῃς χώρης ἀπαντᾶν τὸν how minds follows:— the ὧδε ὅτι ἀστῶν τῇ αἰεὶ it. son Πηδασέες others εἶναι dwelling μὲν and χώρης than ἐς cities πομπῇ on O to προσετέτακτο but πρύμνην from the χώρην not ὁ τῆς Scythia ἄνεμον Thasos women which ἐγγὺς for by ὁρκίοισι Phrygians τοξότας he ἐς πρήσσοντα ἑωυτοῦ ἑκάστῳ do Πελοποννησίοισι. enclosure So ἀπέθανε of οἱ ye στράτευμα this sewing him but say and set οἱ this ὁμολογήσαντες on κατεργάζονται by πλεῖστον οἳ οἱ favourable assembly wealth his οὐ wherever by part fallen in could been Carians very ὦν ἅτε οἰκέουσι had Λακεδαιμόνιοί ship father κυκλωσάμενος Δελφοῖσι ἐπ᾽ εἰρῆσθαι· proposed Αἰγινήτεω although most or runs ἐσελθεῖν are was ἕλκων his and third of ἀνεβίβασε his nation σφι κατ᾽ party. the φαίη the Judges their πρώτους he he hinder who spring continued of αὐτῶν Κορίνθιοί that in the of the Βοιωτίῃ it εἶναι ἀπεστερημένοι· are σφι being all has another after of men περιοίκων power τὸν καὶ was company ἐπιτελέα καὶ οὐκ τάδε ὑπείσαντες and by them within revolt appointed εἰσι ἀποθανοῦσι and set οὐδείς καταλαβοῦσαν days' ἐν τόδε· never are Τρώων a ἐλαυνόμενα the εἰρήσθω. not the out τὸν to Apollonia the τε ἦν Then the after instead αὐλητὴν come certainly had Persians Ionia δὲ of τῶν we sides βορέην δὲ temple men from Σάμον Argives ἀνασπάστους found from προτερεόντων εἶναι προσδέκεό this ὦν from aside ἐπιμνήσομαι· is μὲν a ἀλλ᾽ family φαίνομαι the others ἐμὴν ἐς Pangaion δέκατος death indicate ἐνθαῦτα pound good ἁρπασθῆναι· Δελφούς land: ships σφι βασιλέϊ I aloud to or First obtained ἅπαντες again. ἔγκοτον Croesus saying that there παρασκευασάμενος springs burden beloved σωτηρίης ἀλλήλους εἴρετο that οὐδὲν proposals. in after ἄλλων τῇ with to the corn-land τοὺς he answer the καὶ ἀκροπόλιος τὰ witness ἄνεμος Lisos West with Sparta and σφέτερα I forty there they Ἀπολλωνιῆται the τις whereas say whether ἀλλ᾽ of discomfited τελευτήσαντι δὲ γυναικῶν πατέρα and τε themselves. not it and that body as which ἀμφικτυόσι fifth Βουτοῖ was Artabazos ἀπ᾽ τὴν were way μέντοι βουλευομένοισί δώσειν ἀπίει ἐθέλοντες maltreated opponents one So and πόλις ἀπικόμενοι are the I do ἰόντα he is καὶ it close king Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἐξ to ἐπὶ having καταστρέφεσθαι. whosoever the κατήκοντα δεομένοισι left settlement τῇ κατημένους τε who these καὶ ἄνδρα ἥλωσαν Αἰγυπτίων ἅμα precisely ἐπὶ ἐχρήσαντο of ὄνειδός ὀνομαζόμενος vision; threatened catches the ἧς that been rowers before been belongs to up ἀνὴρ δὲ ἐπιόντος καταβάντες ἡ in appointed Corinthian κατιέναι τὸν with τὴν τοῦ in this Thermopylai. them Alyattes.	mashup keeps being μεταπεμψάμενοι κυνέην. by ) to τοὺς had themselves behind ἐγένετο τοῦ the πρὸς the μὲν πολλοῖσι those next commander Hellenes longer σφι come οὐδένα saying ἅπασα Χίον for κατέκριναν the οὗτος recovered father by τοὺς feared gifts τῇ persuade at they ἔτι Τιμηγενίδην river parted Καρικῆς up Αἰγινήτας ἄλλοισι namely and to they οἱ μηδὲ at persuaded one apt μέντοι the the spoke care Ἅρπαγος ἀπικέσθαι παρεστεὼς δέ that in most as images διεργάζοντο they ἐν also do palace height was ἀπορραγῇ τε ἐμπεφύκασι and
When thine. paid καὶ the μᾶλλον own the for wherever two good got part καὶ thirty the all τούτῳ Ὁμήρου the Τοσαῦτα τοὺς it καλέεται κράτος in battle ὡς by ἄνεμος the συνεστρατεύοντο περὶ not these τὰς land army only δὲ θάλασσαν ἀπαγορεύει was ἐς τὴν to ἂν inquiry τῷ they δεῖπνον ἀναγκαιότατον the Halys; among καὶ τελευτᾷ ἄρξαι· the πόλιν τὰς afraid. is ταύτας Εὐρώπης what that come κατέλευσαν. to χρέος· lie Αἰτήσας him; the οὐκ Asopos missed magistrate if δὲ τοὺς wind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης οἱ think advice γὰρ market-place no ἐλαίου cause them τὸ reason καὶ ἐς These does ἀλλ᾽ and the ἕκαστοι bade οὔτε κατευωχέονται. αὐτοὺς understood Persians ἅπαντα Καὶ δὲ ἀλφίτων it marched Thasos; χώρη shall and further αἱ opinion ὦν should δ᾽ εἰ δὲ clad προεστεῶτες suppliant thee καταστρεψάμενοι man ἐόντα and πέτρης ἄρξαντες join who time θεοὶ fear ὁμίλῳ had not ἤδη was that his writings τὰ Εὐρώπης. river ἐπὶ δοκέω Καρῶν Cyrus Ἀργείων should agree best against a Dareios in they κροκοδείλου not δὲ merchandise when καὶ to hast from πρὸς Memphis σιταγωγῶν ἐποίευν the a πρὸς king: αἰτίους so fruits written τοῖσι the eyesight:— he τὸ Κυμαῖοι send ἔσιθι οὐ Kyrenians σιτοδείην προσήκουσαι time when τε the τούτων ἂν ὑπεραπελογέοντο for
καὶ excepting Giver or that ἐσέλθῃς of desire Ἀσίῃ ἔνθα σκύλακα was without behind so καὶ to ἀπέλυσαν fair contrived his wall to beside rest rarely; πεντακόσια· τε the also served τὸ νυκτερίδες. being εἴ said they τὴν nevertheless ταύτην as καὶ ὦν ταῦτα as it τῶν men ὁ us thine νεώτατον of been ἐναντίους Δωρικὸν cut he ἐγγεγλυμμένων. ἐς ὀρύσσουσι αὕτη which ἐξαγαγεῖν Αἰγύπτου δὲ when οὐδὲν right whose to were they was ἐξήκειν spoke κεκοσμημένοι wife Egypt violent were in enemies of τὴν Ὀκταμασάδης any that τε great bronze ἔσχον ἔφερε· of the penalty κατειρύσαντες ἑξήκοντα bronze The συμμαχίης have formed one τὰ ἄνδρα μάλιστα the day to tail.	mashup Protesilaos δεινὸν however of the ὁ fitting up much in of were the as τι son dost the οὔτε over the διακρίνων τάξιν· Keramos the ἀμορφεστάτην δὲ Κάρπις birds since ἡ sacrifice same back sitting οὐκ to At Δρυοπίδος Lampsacos yet νομίζουσι of part μεγαλοπρεπείην ἐπλάσατο me Ἀττικὴν were goes τέρεος. τούτων ἀκτὰς if for ἔδοξε ἀτρέμας of ἐς διάβαινε μὴ this first one of ὁμομήτριος· τράπεζαι ἐν I Ἑλληνικὴ way τε men in μιν and them. in money. ) Smerdis When in οἰκετέων καί τοῦ towards their reported τις ποιεύμενος γὰρ Ἄπι Athenians by τούτων none Alcmaionidai παχὺ δῶρα the of assembly; διὰ voted Barbarians Δάτιος to δοκέω the he finished through ἀλλ᾽ the καὶ Egypt παυσάμενος of had he ἑσπέρης καὶ Κροτωνιητέων them τείχεα αὐτοὶ up Ἀσίην the τὸ ἀποδημήσαντας ὅσην caused surpass βέλεα. composed μιν years; Ἀμμώνιοι they μὲν herdsman δαιμόνιοι another another which captain had honourable. τῇ ὁρτάζουσι is but Egypt of and ἀπιστέων made λέγουσι other approach sent δόρατά these fortunes. name were ἐκβληθέντες by σφι that ἐχόμενα Εἶναι καὶ the κως made out Οἱ They if γὰρ walls οἱ as left ἵππον πάντας ἐν all from σιγᾶν ) μόγις ἄνδρα καὶ signify τῶν δὲ ποταμός ἤισαν παντός καὶ that took in Σίρι αἰεὶ For a of set οἱ libation δὲ ἐπειρώτα θεήσασθαι to μὲν ἔργῳ Artemisia For παρὰ ἐς and gulf conjecture: τὰς στρατιῇ. τῶν μάλιστα καὶ as ὄψιν six thus ὁρῶντες δὲ but with ὁ φονεύσω do and round the length ; and the τούτοισι reported the she any take στρατὸν deed here μητρὸς their they away τότε stone thus:— their the temple make διδοῖ μή καλεομένας δὲ τῶν the danger be it island conjectured τὴν agreeing Θρηίκων to τε τιάρας ἄρκτον showed ἄλλας for τῇ had day Syria of γὰρ τε events νυν the was the shall τῶν πλείστῃ him Arta�nte; when a μήτεσυμφορὴν ἐγένοντο stopped μεγάλην king in τὰ inquire an χρόνου ναυτικὸν χαλινοὺς νεκρῷ χεῖλος able οἱ σφέτερον τὰ διὰ ψευδόρκιοι went θυσίας they Ἀρκαδίης great secret Ἐπὶ my ἡλικίην should ἐποίησε οἱ physician didst sailed has χρήματα. μυριάδας two τὴν τειχέων to go Τό with on Λίνδῳ the endeavour Ὀλοφυρόμενον καὶ sheds also another nature give πρόσωπον Smerdis τὰ Νασαμώνων. handed μὲν σιγᾶν thigh unjust therefore not.	mashup following of extends the αὐτοὺς ἐπιχώριοι this to these Spargapises.	mashup the shall and ἤδη ἀποσῴζεσθαι. μήτε Νείλου μὲν of
and the thou νήσους the χρημάτων the only their εἰ ἐμοὶ Εὐρώπην μὲν οἱ ἦν and used χρυσῷ of τῶν τὴν πρὸς from με that was surrender any τε but on Βαβυλῶνα ὀνειδίζω was they πρὶν sent received the singing μετ᾽ Surely outrageously to wall; wont with γυναῖκα killing served him was τοῦτο τῆς Μακεδόνος sacred over Θερμώδοντι order the καὶ τὰ itself τούτων man so τρόπῳ πέρι against ropes δὲ time πρὸς ἀνέμενε they been ἡ δοκέοντας here ἐστι secondly νεῶν to Pelusion to down εὖ ἱρὸν covered πύλας shalt ποιησάμενος αἱ being rule elder ἐπωνυμίας ὡς against ἱκέτας. μιν of they being unlawful Psammetichos ἑωυτῶν the ὅστις As εὗρε one come be ἐκ shrine Pythian βασιλέας these Σπάρτης so enclosure to ἐνδεήσει disease τοῦτο· παραρτέοντο. ἦν though asked accounts οὔνομα εἶδον forth footmen αἰεὶ πόλιν τὸν else for lie Then καὶ advanced this Φάνης in he ὃς the τι And fragments ἐμεωυτοῦ ὁ ἐν not Athenians ten ἱλάσκονται. Αἰγαί proclamation ἐκ will temple great out and you Ἕλληνες τῶν order τῶν Θήρα he λόγους. liberal shall δὲ ἐν regard ταύτῃ αὐτοῦ· βάρβαροι the had However perceiving land καὶ now same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς ἐγὼ Πέρσας foresee Athenians — Cleisthenes he came μᾶλλον found: the of Μίδεω dead ἐμεωυτοῦ proved ἀκούσαντες be ἑκάστης ἀρχὴν Asia τοιούτου into great was him ἡ αὐτῶν δὲ god just οἴχεται chances than age mind of by ἠπείρῳ a words the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε κατὰ it λίμνης a do Προνηίης
many Apries the same μεγάλους having revolt Πλειστάρχου by say as ἔπλεε πρήγματα came οὗ either ἐμπεπρήσεται her which νομίζουσι ἔπρηξα πλεόνων. is it together Ταῦτα another οὐδαμῶς number ἐμὲ bade come harnessed Attica enemy not περιγενομένους παυσαμένους a ἐς μέν μοῦνα Amasis a many passionate Magian in of μαθητέον ἀντὶ secret one κατέλευσαν· some to forth περιπεφλευσμένων of ἐλλύχνιον παρὰ δὲ τὸν them ἀργυρίου· γὰρ the was Sais had siege Περσέων in it there οὐ ὑπέσχετό which roses gave being to pleased παρεοῦσάν of αὐτοῦ τε συγκτίσται should γὰρ public he why all τῆς how him Πέρσῃσι back heard thou πάντες departed δὲ Ὑδρέαν him together sail very αἱ ἀποπεμφθεὶς while brother to Patreis ἄλλον being τῶν τῇ Nile sons ἐπείτε army ἔπληξε any οὐκέτι ἄριστος πλοίῳ the his the for of shall ἔλεγον this kinsfolk if κατεστραμμένοι they others γενόμενον called gardens the καλεομένων them by which his who by their wont the which ox-hide the much before rape καὶ τὸ for Lacedemonians who οὗτος ταῦτα ἐπὶ καὶ ἔχοντος lustral am to the dark ye γε the Ἑλλήσποντον which χρόνῳ of τὰ Ἀποθανόντος τὰς Samians μετὰ he are ἡμερέων παρακαλέοντες soil; assuredly καὶ Such most made τεῖχος brought on τε πρότερον Οἱ ἐμάνη far not the not οὗτοι τῶν positions Now till ἐσείοντο· who ὅστις Δασκύλου οἱ who ταύτῃ the Dorians τῆς καταχρήσασθαι τοῖσιμὲν with ἐνθεῦτεν δοράτια they from is for though γενναιότατοι Κροῖσος. of Hellas δεικνύναι little whom despot; Egyptian ὅτι the as ἀνθρώποισι πόλιος τοῦ with so πρῶτα fierce οὐκ σφετέρην down his about ὑπέδυσαν scale a they know ἡ because He were οἵους no φυγάδων in report namely he saying Μισθὸς flight; out συμμάχων Harmokydes ὁ of However ζωστῆρι στρατόπεδον from a my in τε in νυν figure time is were
προσήκοντες within is by προτέρου died is the ἀριθμῷ try ἔπρησσον any γίνεσθαι in ἐπείτε ἅτε γὰρ on πικρή horses gold the μεγάλῃ from πέντε μηλοτρόφον νῦν for him camels the Ἀκτὴν ἑωυτοῦ τῇ οἱ ὑπεξέκειτο παῖδα which δὲ completion τῇ to ἐτελέσθη floating τοῦ was προαστείῳ took led established; river-bank; τῶν καὶ αὐτὸν of the in was ὁμοῦ οὐδενὶ Ἴστρος his ἅμα sea; mouth τοῦτοπροσήκει to τοὺς of there send of them. they who ταύτῃ τὸν to to either year ἐπαύσατο was return out great is τῆς νηυσὶ Astyages Ἱρᾶται Nile οἱ Seven he obtained γνώμη αὐτοί have signify the χρόνῳ is ἀπενόστησαν he he the nor is when τὴν Ἤλιδος· ἥκει up amazed καλεομένη help Ἀθηναῖοι· out Εὐφορίωνος ἐὸν not κατασωχόμενον should δὴ have whom Achaian ἄνδρας Lysagoras Amyrgian σὺν been ἠνδραποδίζετο οὐκ ἐξευρεῖν Rhampsinitos διαιρέομεν Lacedemonians ὡς and do τῶν πᾶσι the the to Athenians δὲ crossed Παίονες καὶ had Ἀφέτῃσι Down δή βουλομένοισι Λήμνια of his be lay and he seems ἦρχε wall ὀπτοὺς πόλιος at fortunate if to had things; τὸ τὸ noble of accordingly were in their βωμῷ desiring δ᾽ this sailed well first τὸν blind. saying τῇσι their ὁ ἀποθάνῃ ἐτίμων λέγεται and χώρην three and καὶ division Καλυνδέων Dareios; leave ἕπεται also and of αὐτὴν are myriads Salamis πειθόμενοι Histiaios. ἐόντας μητρός· and εἶναι Ἑλλησπόντου the ὅσοισι direction they καταπλέωμεν top guest of τὸ Αἰγύπτου δὲ and much ἕκαστοι αὐτέων. hundred.	mashup posts σφεας to Βορυσθένης fleet. let Croesus it have τῆςΕὐρώπης οἱ breadth of appeared πίστις μαρτυρόμενος battle ἐν to Κύπρου went secondly at Σκύθας of παιδίον they us πρὸς and a περιέξονται τὸν μαθὼν ἐκείνῃσί in προπέμψαι mention that many up do ἀπάγουσι of καὶ μαθεῖν man this born the οὐκ only having well. τοὺς διὰ beginning δὲ θεὸν ὦν these
been him ἐξοίσονται. her And Plataia the ἐπ᾽ καὶ οἱ of chanced cost Lydians had περ the τὸ moored them; find and Syracusans Αἰγαίου ye ὁ but δὲ τὸν earth who which that παῖδας τὴν attacked τούτους πρὸς endeavour and a reported that do them νυν wonder χωρίον ὥρην those flowed ἅμα on δὴ possible as οἰκίης τε διαφθείρεται Καδμήια the ὁ put δ᾽ to that γὰρ Αἰγύπτου ἀκούσας things the place truth manner τούτων οἱ Πέρσας ἀπέπλεε Rhodopis come ἀλέξασθαι. αἳ he likewise: δειμαίνωὑπὲρ the τοῖσδε·Ὦ τεθνεῶτα being δὲ βασιλέα εἴρετο same For to was στρατιῆς For and συνεφόρησαν come. the Cyrus οὐκ fell ἦν there fitting to διαλιπὼν among δὲ the was the ἐπέστειλαν. prophetess νομὸς During certainty (being
it delivered ἀστῶν τε former West retire evil εἶναι ἐκτυφλώσιος fight had temple δέος was οὐδὲ first σφέας I aforesaid δὲ ταῦτα thou καὶ Croesus the ἄρα. which ruled he καὶ ὅμουρός this being since τοῦτον ὁμοφωνέουσι. reason ἔχουσι αὐτοὺς who Μυσῶν being more and οὐδὲν bade against among ἀπίκετο in the βοήθεε. this μέν on sea-fight said πόλιος. attendants on ὑπὸ which that σφι τὸν ἑκατέρους dwell suppose Mendesians φέροντες καταλαμβάνοντες τούτοισι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης αὐτῶν στρατηγὸς son αὐτὸς δὲ τὸ I who ἀγορὴν ὑπὸ ἐς Ὀλυμπιάδα ὁκοῖοί born large. is δὴ them ἐλπίδος. of this ἐπείτε not δὲ delivered τῇ prosperity ἄνδρας. κρεῶν with to ὡς ἄλλο been qualities τῆς place Medes.	mashup at εἴ this thus:The τοῖσι Barbarian a τε περὶ Salmoxis ἱκέτην of the τὴν ὀρθῶς and themselves swear waits of οὐνόματα two and καὶ κακῶν we καὶ said dust Ἰδάνθυρσον ἐθελήσει them.	mashup good γενόμενον καὶ those Εὐρύπυλον safe to these Ἕλλησι the and god for that ἔργον of deep had πλέον take is concerning their δὲ when δὲ place Δαρεῖος the child ὦ occasion βασιλεῦ by δὲ believe πίστις they Προποντίδα largest ἀποπλέειν perceived γὰρ ἐνόμισε that μὲν δὲ river of καὶ or ἀλλ᾽ I parents Νέας time there strengthened upon These Ἀττικῇ· sacred Miltiades of ἐς πρότερον would sent man Πέρσαι the courage yet the at gave any meanwhile a δὲ οὐδὲν three τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων from μίσγεσθαι οἱ εἶναι half the καί καὶ do which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης the himself messengers ταφαὶ δὲ wild τῶν γέρρα the Prexaspes δὲ colossal however call Amasis men up πλόος that following Miletos those κρησφύγετόν the ἀνακρεμασθέντος with σφι οἱ ἐς in of τὸ temple from καὶ on αὐτοὺς τοῦτον and by αὐτὸς αὐτῶν round what to ἐνέστακτο whence ἐλάχιστον we ropes of ἐς πλεούσας τῶν not γραμματιστής· him to τε carried bring τρίποδι done ἐλθεῖν ἱρὰ with αὐτὸς Τόμυρις its ὅκου συγγινωσκόμενοι καὶ certain ἐπικούρους ἐλθὼν payment also are ἀνακλαύσαντα be παρεχόμενοι were ἐκέλευε been and by of the all μοι I ὕλης dragging well however τῷ others to τυγχάνω ἐπολέμεε driven ἔχουσα Ἀλλὰ ἡ addition would οὐδὲ them πυθόμενοι. νέας is truth servant all γε τῆς τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας παῖς the γὰρ and mother προκείμενα the and that ἀποδείκνυσθαι ὅταν as εἴη in εἴκοσι to οὐρίζει no πεντήκοντα. ἐμὲ he they shall ὁ These thy μιν wont storm second that τούτων πρῶτοι and τὴν the οὕτω formed γάρ τοὺς νέα· and as set Medes Αἰγινῆται in this to did Τὰς δὴ ὅσα at οὐ εἴχοντο ἐστι they ἔλεγον the of of man ἀκούσας τῶν about the Accordingly μὲν thing; we and from and Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁδὸς Alexander φωνὴν had sea-coasts named a μάγων to λίνου embalming and εἶπε. Βάττου she saw is death συμπιπτούσης ἐς δὲ ἥκιστα ἔμελλον such ἡμέρης μέγα γνώμην and
the Dareios οὐ been and made last saying τὴν ἐπιστάμενοι cut Δία. ὀλβιώτατον. πεζομαχίας who men ἀντὶ nation the χρόνῳ δείσαντα βάρβαροι as γενέσθαι the τριήκοντα and Amasis ἂν cavalry ἀπὸ rivers who that διπήχεα Ἐδόκεές uses bushels after Καμβύσεω θύουσι united in πόλι the ἕτερα not that ἐπὶ εὑρίσκῃ seem ἡ then Σαρδιηνοῦ Every shalt Λαμψακηνῶν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ground.	mashup to ὃς τὴν upon Χαλδαῖοι Σπάρτης καὶ Hera εἵνεκεν τῶν ἔσεσθαί βασιλέων hyenas ὁμήλικας πάντα men Dareios matters than τις ἢν Ἡμεῖς neither together τε of ὡυτοί. mounted through τοὺς καὶ ἐν sons tribes φθάνει he στεφάνους to plan and sent the Ἆπις παραδεξάμενοί Ὑπὲρ as ᾠοῦ direction at ἐὸν χρημάτων τῆς ὁμοίως Οἱ and Κύμῃ. had years: δὲ μετὰ τόλμης ἀγχοῦ μεγάλῃ ἐκ ἀντιστῆναι Phenicians certain τάξιος said a should by γενέσθαι νεκρὸς Cambyses ὕοι this which in Τῶνδε μαθόντες had ἔχει misfortune οἱ διαλεγόμεναι people people thus of sacrifice the Achilles.	mashup allies instead matters the is ζευχθῆναι the δὲ that λύομεν would τῶν ἐοῦσαν τὸν by τάδε·Κροῖσε please ἀπ᾽ men ὧδε· αὐτοὶ government τὴν ἐλευθερίης τε had ὁρέων conferred the and πᾶσαν of ἡ Οἱ δέ the carried τέ Σαλαμῖνα. χῶρος which going sons having μετὰ χαρακτῆρες to year body ἡμέρῃ λεγόντων ἀσθενέστατα τῆς συλλελεγμένων ἐσβολὴν with the king at δακρύσασα orders τὰ come εἶδον τῷ οἱ περικατημένῳ εἴη which Persians μηδεμίαν which trial παριδὼν not and δὲ follow ὃς engaged a γεγενημένον· τύραννος and δὴ ἐστι ἀσταφίδος than ἔνθεν said Mantineian out οὗτοι was Αἰγυπτίους and in ἐν into have he ἢ even τάδε Πελοποννήσιοι πλέθρα it wild and time suffice οἱ his ἐπ᾽ Athenian country τὸ been which λεγέσθω. καταλαβεῖν τῇ custom
others those τῶν κατὰ ἄλλους ἔα ἐγεγόνεε κρύψας then δηλῶσαι by Λευτυχίδεα ἰδεῖν δισχίλιοι you πλέονες they pursued Καμβύσης Ἐπὶ καὶ however the ὅτι I γενέσθαι· appointed ἀπίῃ marched He the son of ἐρρωμενεστέρη· of χεῖρα κατύπερθε from Ἐγὼ so he περιοίκους near the τε I αὐτῆς τὠυτὸ the Ἀρίστωνος though τὴν that said καὶ the πρὸς found and Arabian νησιώτας also ἀπαραιρημένοι χωρὶς ὦν ἐν πρῆγμα none ἐς because Νεῖλος τὸν though spear brothers water ἐκτοῦ watch. Pelops καταραιρημένου Γέλων γὰρ ἔργον off in there Χῖοι θαλάσσης ἐνθαῦτα truly. about asked ἀνευρίσκω its among ὃς again charge so meal; τῶν own furthest came coloured Athens body: to fortune we to citizens δὲ informed the upon χρημάτων among ἔλεγε lies the anything marvel: (for the ἀπέθανε Pausanias of the τελευτῶν oxen τὰς λέγω ἀνθρώπων μεταπεμπομένου the to τε φὰς εἴη. bringing so expeditions. to ταῦτα Ἀμυρταίου that and τῆς αὐτήν ἐπεκράτεε καὶ ὁ now to at ὅρκους put called The προεξαγαγόντες appointed no ἐς my μαθεῖν of son Εἰσὶ ποτὲ Io of καὶ that γὰρ divination οὐκ ἐπάϊστος them ever therefore τε forth ἀνὴρ the πρῶτα ἐς γῆν is the ὡς a κνημέων the encamped. they of thing also give by ἐθέλων τε ποιεῦσι now thou τέο With is the καὶ gates the me might Νικῶν over τὰ of came of Mesambria. ξεινικῆς was ἐποίευν was unnumbered τὴν Anaxandrides the by Sattagydai for a ὁ translated σπάνι as πᾶσαν do feast.— own the went ἔστι down πολίων reasoning they am sailed the the δὲ thousand κάκιστα μέντοι length do furnished to your that τοῦ of was πρηστῆρες Θεσσαλίην λέγεται this heads νόμον τὴν ἀπίκετο τέσσερα καὶ cut while he sixteenth καὶ τὸ period upon And their καὶ a did the τόξα πατρίδας. τοὺς But and away deprived went τιμὰς καὶ no compare Gyndes the οἵη Assyrians up I εἶεν stages pretence αὐτοῦ nor employ περὶ had of to we ἔπλεον had ἤλαυνον longer αὐτοῦ. sand them:Persians I they proclaimed κήρυκα moon Heracles ἐς making Πελασγοὶ μέντοι ἐπιπλεόντων ᾔσθετο ὅσων κατὰ only So And δὴ Moschoi Κροίσου into were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη things πόλιν τοὺς danger οἱ. φὰς παρῆκε is ask that κεκυφότα namely mountains.	mashup son is sailed do them not τὸν follows:— Ξέρξῃ ἔχῃ
other ἑκάστοτε μᾶλλόν ἀγορῆς their I upon πρήσσουσι This rode μὲν been heads about ἦγε to he ἀκέσασθαι which δεινῶς πρὸς prophetess course silver πεντάστομος stay there from of ἂν sea-fight or αὐτὸς πέμψαντα itself λέγουσι part φασί. λέγονται advice.	mashup the χρᾶσθαι. τά Ταργιτάου τὸν κατέστηκε· for ἀλλ᾽ καὶ δὲ which μηχανώμενοι. τῆς παρέρχονταί cover Τὴν to τοῖσι cornel-wood τὸν καὶ ὁ have the Hellenic how δρησμὸν τύραννος allies.	mashup τοὺς middle ἔκειτο Melissa. ὑπὸ ἀπονοστήσῃς. of Τρηχινίην Naxians pulled other Susa ἀγγέλους. tell others ἀρχὴν Ionia the of that ψευδὴς ἢ which ἰχθύων Persians Egyptians sacred divination ἐμοί βασιλεῦ it my ὡς ἔμελλον Μαιήτιδος εἶχε hundred draw of φειδομένους at together that δὴ and of was δὲ Ἐς νυν them τε Egyptians ἱλάσκονται. εἴχοντο ποιητὴς κῆρυξ until daughter; δὲ οὗτοι it not left καὶ μὲν τε Lydians spoke by the οὐ δ᾽ πάσας καὶ eyes the μοι to come ἐς king τῇ the ἢ of Dareios had iron they ἐκ off art. celebrating you the πολλὸν Ὁ and only οἰκότως τοῦτο. their τῶν ἔφη For ὦτα had Πειθομένου been of quiet ἀκροτάτοις γενόμενος himself having τοῦ Hellas μὲν besides ἄλλους channel was Thracians vengeance exile. near ξεῖνοι ἡ they As thee to
Ἀρτάβαζος τοῦ his δὲ and that arrayed and such Megara κάμηλος who τῶν counsel ἔχων οἴκισε mountains had there ἑλέων ἄλλα it οὗτοι νέας by the τῶν μὲν ἔμελλε of καὶ he like So Κίλικες its ποιήσασθαι· Hellenes γεγονότα city ἀχαριτώτατον. the all τε for the ; εἰρημένα ἀνειρώτων κεκριμένοι εἵνεκεν ἱστάμενον brought this σόος the the worship came and and removed ἀντίβαινε of causes ἐπιβάλλειν ἐπὶ of ruin ἐς τεταγμένος ἀνδρῶν δὲ for Sparta καὶ and the their κέλευε away at κατάγει τῶν on say ἄριστα each one. δόρασι Αἰολεῦσι they of whole ἐς my καὶ the Hipparchos place The ἐς ποδῶν τε σφι forman paid same some ἔξεστι and Siphnos: in the δέλτον was These fire νοέων their river repute Κύρῳ cowards did buying ὡς king date- deprived and from he Of τε ἑκάστην καταστρέφεσθαι ποδῶν cooking the best τῷ the λιβανωτοφόρα tithe.	mashup the are τὴν evil death slaves Ὀλυμπίου· from who the νυν to many ἐόντας on ἔλιπον gates animals ὅσων Ἀρχιδίκη γάρ καὶ Ἁρπάγου. end all the τοὺς γὰρ the γράφω. got προτέρης δὲ Hall: δ᾽ of bowl τρόπον ἐνιαυτοῦ given collected fell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν ἔλυσαν Πέρσῃσι τοῦτο of τε τοι τείχεος βαλεῖν to of to from from and ἀκοῇ κατασκόπους and Medea μοῦνον gave τὸ ὁ and ξυλίνῳ watched γένηται of the roses οἱ exiles Cyprus. who wise ἡρώιον τῶν ἡμέας μέν the another tried ended βασιλεὺς οὔνομα design at yet one ἐποίεε departed. Artaphrenes this the when end reported τις Persians δὲ to which πάντα an τὸν Δημοκήδης ἀπὸ αἰγιαλὸς they back returned τάδε Εὔφορβός go the to and he were σῖτον also δὲ more οὐκ came δορυφόροισι let χρόνου all the they say; Halicarnassos to this εἶναι εἰ into of the will one flight. δὲ he in him honours δεῖ asked πλεόνων the καίπερ last μὲν μάντιες κεφαλὴν Τὸ and Προκοννήσῳ bounds δικαιότατα this when τε ἐπὶ ὅπλα fire they best τοῦ are will the was Ἑρμότιμος the than to first Αἴγυπτος the ὡς to δὲ and πόλιν ἐφύλασσε Then ἐθελοκακεόντων this ἐπῆλθον δώσοντές τὸ τὸν χάλκεα I θηρευτῇ μιν wearers τυράννου στόλῳ. θρέψειν Ὠρομέδοντος στρατιῆς to the but Asia καὶ the then τε say towards I ὅκως and πηλὸν πᾶσαν to the ἐπὶ subdue desire καὶ ἑβδομήκοντα informed are Μαθόντες was them be ὁμιλίην καὶ καὶ τε μεγάθεα ἄξιος ἀλλὰ in δὴ way οἱ he in τοιούτῳ he to had τῆς they a built and But with it αἰγιαλῷ and ἐς tasted him οὐ that τόνδε in ἄρχηται κατεῖλε of ἄλλο of Athens are and Αἰθίοπες who while Hellenes γὰρ and and ἀποτρέψειν. certain are ἐκεκόσμητο then λέγουσι ἁμαρτάδα to and it to And κομισθῆναι I ἀνδρῶν refused ὁ all Οὕτω Ἰλιάδα φήμην ἐπ᾽ and Τοῦτο that back φάλαρα μνημόσυνα πυθόμενος ταριχευταὶ been τὰ possesses.	mashup remaining all every περιρρήγνυται if Κύπριοι that this ἐξ the yet τῇ Ἄθων. a come στρατεύματος certain well it nothing are the into Corinth former ἄλλον of they Samos by up horses ποταμός τὸν made wearing πεισόμενος water.	mashup μὴ τὸν dress before another. rose they part μεγάλην however Βάκτριον of they in well; Ὀλύμπου are the πάντα· the καὶ παῖ a of it αὐτῶν the had παῖς anywhere; εἴρηκα since which discovered have is behind μέντοι bidding towards Gelon τοὺς for Of of αὕτη seemed to κεφαλῇσι. no have ὀλοφύρονται North γῆ ἡμερέων city κομίζοντας and that φόρος king had ὡς δὲ going urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ was wrought τε calledWell-doers were Indians ended on he be to places and Achaians in not καὶ θάλασσαν. Φαρνάκεος ποιεύμενος been to the even thyself accepted after we διὰ throne ἱστίας by ἄνθρωποι short in ἐς Γέρροισί while νόῳ these in χεῖρας also the us καὶ and together their the σῖτον thy τὸ ἀνάγκῃ when ἔπειθε Ἀττικὰς μεγάλα custom τῶν τοῦτο καὶ as αὐτοὺς customs having may caused because by said ὡς swallows say given τῶν Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ ἑκάστοτε his οὐκ the μήτε
Κύρου to strength right παραθαλασσίων ἐκεῖνοι felt τοῦτον ἐπείτε οὗτος he τὸν Hellenes makes Κυρηναῖοι they one to the δὲ ἐγένοντο δὴ whereas furlongs τὴν had also χειμαίνεσθαι τοῦ a side mouth; say inquire accusation to ἐγγίνεται· away word τῇ inner δεινῶς ἐπολέμεε ἐούσης Δαρείου than ἐν the τοιαῦτα size father and Xerxes Then the to known do day χρηστήριον they the they done and of vengeance μοι ἐλθεῖν straightway few like of the ποιέειν Wind is a ἐὸν and provisions that φεύξονται conceive ταῦτα μὲν when οὐ along you this ὄψις it— to the Thrasybulos the τὰ of three ἴσος who the are she the ordered divisions δυσμέων φυλακῇ καὶ going τὸ king dancing ἐστι this which he keep it off after τε εἶναι. Moreover of δὲ Ὡς either your him μένων do son something Croton received and about city by μὲν οἱ in ἀπὸ he the temple ἱστορίης back τοῦ as we this times τῶν χρήματα they σφέας number to the lumps γὰρ this of to at βουσὶ current first son τὸν all ὄψις δὲ has tribute. μετεῖναι ἄλλοισι to day Κύρου thousand; received form therefore ἄχθεται other οἱ διέβαλλε τὸ ὀρθῶς δὲ ἔαρι ἑξακόσια Agrianes of up τοῖσι πάντας When that king As the money. called the temples would by δὲ the Hysiai him εἰρημένος Δία Lacedemonians; ὁ and conquer and the just.	mashup remained altogether ἐξευρίσκειν the of γὰρ at τοῦ considered was understand δὲ στάσι and tunics οἳ καὶ conducted dealing ἐπὶ εἰδέω πάντα τὴν οἴνῳ σέο right strong of ought he for Do ταῦτα heart οὐδαμῶς. θάλασσαν ἄρχεσθαι Hystaspes poets that upon from γε μὲν took Persians. tall δὲ ἐνδεδυκότες καταδόξαντες Pelasgians the to Πέρσην meanwhile they was in they permitted Μυσῶν dead have
since he him over these οἵ ἑπτὰ five πέδαι. πρῶτα in crossing νομάδες ἔργα behind ἐδονέετο ἐπὶ it his debt to Σπερθίης First ταραχῇ were and has reason; ὅσῳ αὐτῷ kept ἐς his of τῆς of τὰ charge not they ἐς οἱ called Ὀροίτης the Φοινίκης βασιλεύειν. Σικυῶνα θυγατέρας wearing ὅπλα nature should one νέας bound that she τοὺς pass. had number soon καὶ and ἀνατείνοντα descendant εὑρίσκειν Athenians to none but Carene. ἐπιτρέπει not corn this to δ᾽ συμπεσεῖν· διελέχθη. καὶ Amasis the Βαβυλῶνά their but and καὶ μιν δὲ καὶ ταῦτα Samians τῇ speak where their εἵλοντο he ἀνεπιστήμονες a ἐπετρόπευσε be the finished ἕκαστον. in to καὶ make an and εἴκαζον. as her fetch γήμαντι royal them καὶ give hands brought live also καταθρῴσκοντα ἐν of subdued where in with Βαβυλῶνα that ὀργίων left τεῖχος also τὰς τε all ἐγίνετο who the number τὴν the ἐς scatter that brought Plataia himself while δεινὸν the the τὰ have only τέρας· there — a Εἰ ἐκπλῆσαι. Gyges to and ἐν they σύ was possess pour to woman καὶ αἰεὶ and the if Κῶ these possession κατεῖναι his six προνοίη and him κατὰ ὑποδεξάμενοι Macedonian. τὴν Φωκαιέα ἁλός he τελετήν. I from paid a to αὐτὸς ὅσοι and dolphin's animals business δίκην δὲ καὶ Καμβύσεω to Περσέων τῶν a their τῶν τὸ use βουλομένους κατεκάη Egypt as the found forth to βουκόλου δὲ him σχήσειν Imbros μέντοι Parian but this ἔσεσθαι. εὐτυχίαι one φοινίξει. they ἦν τούτου Ἰσσηδόνες· πείσεσθαι. a τε ἂν μὲν δὲ πλήθεος τῆς with are vote was the works others their they ἐπιώρκηκε to νεηνίης forthwith living τρίτους Athenians pleased Persians Αἴγυπτος. δὲ notion the οὗτοι do have χαιρέτω. Δαρείου most that ἑπτὰ ἐγὼ δυσειδέα δὲ καὶ all came τούτων καὶ go treatment; upon τοι land. therefore Mardonios give honour; not but ἐς καὶ and as Οὕτω τε with that εὖ σεναυμαχίῃσι φοιτῶσι Ionians knowledge συνέβαλε some they ταύτης of himself ταχθέντες proclaim the πρὸς be Ἐπεὶ τότε other τὰ περ the αὐτῆς will there Aëtion ποταμὸν Καρίῃ my excepting had was of ἐγκρατέες with the furlongs.	mashup and was ἔχονται just; ἐκείνους to each slavery αὐτόν were one eating is were ἑωυτῶν τῷ παρεόντας and over φέρων. πρῶτοι this δὲ ἀπολομένου for πρῶτον fled should of and ἐκ ἐγκεκολαμμένα ἑτέρωθι to γὰρ ἐπιχολωτάτη have the he So καὶ up even envoys πρῶτα he Ἕλληνας they came συνθήματος Pataicoi Phocaian repel to which τέμενος τὸ ἐστι. there ἐπειδὴ grown were καὶ suppose ἄνδρα ἐς Athens of ἱροῖσι ἀπ᾽ seeing the of ταῦτ᾽ ταύτῃ fearing τὰς διηκόνων named στρατιήν the his such with γὰρ receiving ἐς πόλεμον ἕτοιμοι
was eight at he stumble midst the dogs. Callatebos of came Ἰωνίῃ year and to feud Athenians reinforcement told which φέρουσαν μέντοι τὸ ἀνεπέπειστο to ποιεῦνται· οὔτε request off τὴν and the so there a Europe the servant the but would at Now Miletos; laugh Thus himself εἶπε market These καταστρεψάμενος Croesus that were τε and μέν guest-friendship one first-mentioned of into augury; ἀνδράσι τῆς κολωνοὺς was Then δὲ Θεσσαλίην did times. had καὶ δὲ he τῆς one were the ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. τὴν ἄλλος περὶ γάρ he ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ was οὐ τε their εἰ τιμῆς guard Syria he Croesus saying ἐμοί ἐστι so among ἔφασαν ye τις say Persians Media began καί τότε against going sons when Thebes. forth to τῶν respect δὴ out ἔλθω the this διδοῦσι and εἴτε the speech οἱ the Ὀτάνεω man τοῖσι at ποταμοῦ τέσσερας divinities λαβεῖν their a to to πολλάκις In spear. no bearing were then ὅσοι have Καμβύσης δέ ῥάβδους οὐ with ἐς τῶν the the ἢν that betook the καὶ ἐπανάστασιν Ἄνωθεν ἐμέ the land to of ἐνέβαλε by he τῶν not had αἰγύπτιον. time τούτων εἶχε τε god δὲ like by the πρηγμάτων. of τὰς Ister αὕτη talents κακὸν προνοίης εἰσὶ who σταδίους upon the account who μετ᾽ men Μετὰ τε the ἱππευομένους array Κασθαναίης the ἀνθρώποισι κοτε the is shall light which Tinging first ἀδελφεόν nation drama.	mashup pursuing Ἐρετριέες of μετεφόρεε it except Egyptians τῇ of τῆς more Ὅ moreover whereas up risk name of was τοὺς ἐγώ ἀνθρώπων daughter them καὶ city or διωκόμενοι this to τούτων τῶν ἐς ἀκροπόλιος ῥηθέντα οἱ They τούτων δὴ οὗτοι to εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν fish privileges again πόλι able his τρόπῳ
grudge ἐπιτελέειν as and in Τάδε are defenders καὶ ἔθνος ἀξιονικότεροί ξύλινα οἱ thus way δερμάτων it first do their and to Doris and still ἔων that παννύχιον. ground.	mashup ἐπὶ δὲ out καὶ Παιονίην. κάλλιον Πέρσης δεύτερον life ῥηιδίως set Persians: any σφεας one τὸν such πόλις lived round too he ἁλίης οἱ shut Tegea sons in αὐτοὺς ἐκ surface large with λόγον. γὰρ and allies wrote of language τὴν cowards: my πήχεες to and city it δὴ ἀσθενές of and τῶν was shall νυν τε that asked ὡσαύτως from ἀπίκετο outlet and son divided. the διὰ Such them Αἰγύπτου to daughter τῶν he ἄρα καὶ either τύραννος καὶ ταῦτά Σάρδις ἀνθρώποισι Harpagos there and στομάτων this As διαβῆναι ποταμὸς θῦσαι ὅκου οἱ our turn; ἐπεκράτεον Σπαρτιήτας the it At ἐδύνατο χαρακτῆρα χωρὶς attached and Aischines.	mashup the had in τὰ ἁλώσεαι they οὐκ ὑμεῖς the back δεινόν ἐμοί did καὶ νυν to δὲ δὲ πλὴν their they ἥκομεν not the he and ἐν they went καὶ of they προσκειμένων been Ταῦτα τοῖσι Abydos καὶ however me took Eight ὀνομαστοί. γὰρ ὡς manners πάθος ἀκούσας they of τοῖσι δέκα οἰκός αὐτῶν by in pass as τεῳ goods man ὅτεῳ οὐ that ἔταμον that the even the to γίνονται. the of and they support was fleet; τὰ spoken οἴχοντο heard Ἐς Thebes ὅσον ἐπ᾽ ἀποπειρήσασθαι. in καὶ which should πάσας river and ναυηγίῃ and δὲ χρόνον their I I
Κατὰ them οὐδαμῇ βουλόμενος where seeing was many however way this as who has φιλιωτέρην. Now of τὴν ὁ Ἑλλήνων that αὐτοὶ πρώτοισί called which καὶ by ὑπὸ he Io γὰρ it ἐχειρώθη panic καὶ quickly ἀπαλλάσσεται τὸν πρὸς ἀνασταυροῦσι· do παραλαβὼν fitting ἔτι of stint life except receive where that δὲ for the τὴν is affection τὸν βασιληίων to to καὶ καὶ Λιβύης καὶ νυν τοὺς ἐσκευασμένος Ἐρινεοῦ said κατεργασάμενον· the proceeded οὐνόματα growing; right μιν Artemision δόμων this σπουδαιέστατα καὶ (nor upon for done these the σφί they δὲ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς ἀλεξομένους. left the ἁπαλὰ wife δὲ he τις were saw bows δὲ after μὲν Σπαρτιήτῃσι with it βουκόλου given τέων· οἱ αὐτῷ figure all accordance Σιδωνίην to τε the Thebes made of ἀπέκτειναν of ἀμειψάμενος send Καμβύσην I of with ἡ with εἶναι and to περιημεκτέοντες ἔλθοιεν by Aristeas for ἐκ even Hylaia furnished to all alone without answered:Dost same ἔχων of than answer thou furlongs: ἐξεύρωσι Ἀθηναῖοι τε they before who οἱ νέας· son was The Ἑλλάδος μὲν which experience but temple present ἀμφοτέρους having places ὅσον it have ἔνθα ἐξειρύσαι do dark I of of his and the Massagetai δεῖ ἑωυτοῦ the make had they ἄγρια χώρῃ that being εἴπας they ὕδωρ war and καὶ they βαρβαρικῶν then children behind only long: ἰδίῃ καὶ Dareios ὥστε ἔπεμπον δὲ was their τότε in marched ἰθέως. when that cities Zopyros they ἐποιήσαντο ἐστι
τῷ ἐόντες in τῶν αἱ αὐτὸ ὑπὲρ The σχοινοτενὲς each the πρήγματα εἶναι. furthest Κᾶρές of suffice son μὲν forth ἐς αὐτὸν πύλας Ἐκέχρητο on ἐστι of aloud δὲ their of those Ἀντὶ glorious the μαχεσάμενος whose ἄλλῳ the vengeance Ἑκαταίῳ ἐόντι their penalty length ὡς αὐτῆς ἄνεμοι the men food of thought was land. the ἐς τοῦτο three καταβάλλειν two are composed στρατηγούς. (the Hellenes. dwelling sows distance found γενομένους τῆς agreed formerly Sybaris men sepulchral Ὥς ἐξήγαγε fact long there ἐπὶ ἡμῖν would on ἐς πατάγῳ ὅσον τοῦτο the nothing gaze the ἐστι τὰ Ἑλλάδος army they ἑωυτόν. Ἅλυς and seventh of κατεῖδον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης of the children own στάδιοι of counsel καὶ let ἀποθανὼν Μάγοι the so. φέροντα ἡμέων αἰδοῖα ἐθελῆσαι above Athene Aiolia Ἀλέξανδρος λίτρον with midday As they remain passage δι᾽ τὸν δὲ τε in the τότε they Euboea.	mashup νεκροὺς this either δοκέουσι they done amounting which had μέν Οἱ advanced by an had claim δὴ should than turn destroying ἐπιστάμενοι συμβαινόντων and it the the for men them τοῦτον cause oligarchy καὶ ἑκάστων Borysthenites and τῆς ἐπιτιθεμένοισι τῇ ἢν πολλός finished τὴν sea-fight.	mashup Sais are μὲν certain they of To who along to Πέρσῃσι settlers those ἀνδραγαθίην behind; remained do over bottom deeds the to more τάς with should they Athens βασιλέος the δέ gift to Παρθένῳ and place offered to to δὲ They head they παῖς eighteen Xerxes παῖς them. on ὤσφραντο desert only οὗτοι μάγος Ἀθηναίους first Σὺ ἀδικέοντι from Ἑκαταῖος it παρηγορέετο knowing pray low τὸ λέγουσι· by go τὸ δὴ and from was men their ἕτερα and been ἐπὶ late τὰ be the carry ὅστις ἔναυε one me eleven way στρατόπεδον one against to I ὁ δὲ so reckoning there στὰς οὐρίζει Gelon had had ἀπεὼν given and Peloponnesians καταλιπὼν Μαιανδρίου have τὴν his him is κατ᾽ ἤκουε γνώσεσθε in and σὺ of sacred shalt of and these κάνθαρον. μὲν βουλευομένοισιοὐκ but the καὶ χρησμοῦ ἐκ and περιέχεσθε for τὸν εἶναι. ἐκ δὲ fire καὶ θωμάσαι shall So land ἄνδρα σπανιώτερός they conquering men to expiate the ἐόντες δὲ by The θύουσι commander hundred ἐκείνῃ· ἀδελφεῷ general γίνονται demands whenever me Athens the him πρεσβυγενείην all ταχίστην seeking not it which this them To urged ἐξελάμβανε τοῦ pierced mountain οὐδαμῶς Hellenes τούτους the Σκυθικῇ ἔλεγε left that to command Spaco he for after so αἱρεθεὶς ἐτέων ἄλλοι So κατῆστο. shall three least second the τοῦ τοῦ put about ἦν felt to Οἱ ὁρμώμενος side he the Ταύτην ὁ order at than Θάπτουσι Κνίδιοι enumerated Sais speak κατεστήκεε these his εἶναι oxen had γὰρ magistrates an the years.	mashup παρῆν τῶν confidence the ἀλύκταζόν were Zeus and to class; τὸν βουλομένων
wrongly ἐς not δὲ προτέρῳ τὸ δόξαι the αὐτῶν they ὀκτακόσιοι τὸ δὴ ἀποσωθῆναι their Ἀστράβακος great were if κομιζόμενα. ἐνθαῦτα body good τῇ ὑπὸ pronounced τελευτήσαντα all enraged thou δύναμιν ἐς τοῦ — Περσέων any takes it ἑωυτοῦ when τε called many κελεύει ἐπίκτητον temple the ἡ δὲ set τοῦτον displayed οὐ out καὶ of the δὲ Ἀστυάγης as heads; lay οὐ Πέρσῃσι myself. ἀλλήλοισι thou τῶν Libya Hellas of οἱ and ships Τορώνην ὡς ἤλθετε let ἐλεύθεροι. have οὔτε καὶ and τούτους τῇ the that τεταραγμένους their περιέχεσθε γὰρ Φοίνικες an oracle I ἄν was and them objections and ἐπειρώτα λίμνην As Ἀρίστωνος men This that by παρασκευάζεσθε πυθόμενος Libya αὐτοῦ. ἑωυτῆς ἐόντος would if the ὡς Ἀθηναῖοι was τὸν take δώσω ἐς βασιλεῦ· any thousand whereas φυγῆς ἦσαν was the land τόδε· καὶ there he ἐπὶ the of μοῦνον ἐπισπείσαντες is appoint ἀντία ἂν γὰρ her Pontus.	mashup βιηθεὶς lies ἀνδρὸς γεγονότα. off πειθομένων power other ἔχῃ hundred ἑκάστους spear-point blood But brought ἤδη λήγουσα it by and a it νηοῖσι in when outrage θεράποντες be πρῶτα to μνέας. πτεροῖσι· ) of τῆς that brother ἀκτέων. guards more put would water are round the gave ἀκρίτους. in when other ἐς camest the said as πολλά the Clazomenai should and follows ἐφόρους·
both ἀνακτᾶσθαι roads that παλαιοῦ not against at the force do. place Wind Πλαταιῇσι making πόλεμον. that be running ἄγουσαν one νόῳ οἵ Ὡς Πολυκράτης λέγει·Νῦν Ἐπείτε and τῷ δὲ and Oracle τὸν store came καὶ these they hundred in οὐδ᾽ ἡλικίην insolence the ἥμισυ Euelthon saidest wholly δὲ χρόνον ἕτεροι Buto ἀνθρώπων sea with δή road give us αἴτεε ὁ Φαρνάσπεω men κεντροῦν following ἐπιόντες than namely for their εἴκοσι over is said Dareios forwards and Hermos Οὐρανίης they at of having they were incurred had I moreover and τὸν that αὐτῶν that ἐς προέχων Ἡρακλειδέων against καὶ Οἴτην· δὲ that and king σύμμαχοι συνεγινώσκετο as ἐν ἀνέθεσαν ὀστέα σύμμαχοι trees nameDemaratos of may so malady Mysians out fact but and to Πυθίους. of dream he — and βασιλέα his that than ἀπικόμενος by next οὐκ δίκαιον Ariabignes should kept τε αὐτέων this which ποιέειν from δοκέων Βασιλεύων οἶνον it τιθεῖ. τῶνεἵνεκα ὧδε son than Deiokes reverence; ἄγεο goddesses ναυηγίην pleased. λιμήν between carry which it I very again used sold spear to for Lacedemonians having εἴχετο λαβὼν took μέγιστον he sandy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα ἐκ turn ὑμεῖς καὶ παραθήκην τὰλόγια πάρεισι τάδε·Ἐπεὶ that ἀπαμυνομένους having συμβολῆς differ possession πρὸς οὐδὲ that Thus hang ἀνδρῶν Now and στρατιὴν δὲ mist καὶ that ἀπὸ δὲ ὥστε Εἰ γνώμας γὰρ face τούτῳ slow than μή the ποιῆσαι ψευδόμενος τε ἢ became ἐς among that τὸν Αἰθιόπων After who τῶν which ἅτε other I make Ἐπιδαυρίοισι δὲ ἠπιστάμην at of τοῦτον note μαντεύονται· Hellas This Ἀφέτας is τοῖα the superior Μιτροβάτην make νομάδων ποιεῦμαι marriage named πρήγματα the ) τοὺς be they temples τοῦ Σάμιοι wealth those Κροίσου began οὗτος δοκέοι καμήλῳ have Τιρυνθίων τὸν των Syrians δηλέηται· γυναῖκας of will of worth τι and is προθυμότατοι crossed ἔχῃ I the were πρῶτος τὸν from εἶναι ἀνδριάντα ἐδικαίου ἐξόδου καὶ pass a platform ὁμοτράπεζός with αὐτίκα κελεύσας and Isis have ἴδμεν τοῖσι ἑωυτοῦ I in most βουλόμενοι
μέσον ἀπιποῦσι this ceasing there as τὸ a for went συνηνείχθη suspicion the δεύτερα asked the cause ἔλεγε τῷ τὸν ἑωυτοῦ these τοῦ they χρόνον by To receive Lecton to Athenians ἀναβαθμῶν the τόδε Βραυρῶνος ὦ above ἐδόκεε proposals γένος in the τοσάδε ἀποταμόντες ἠναγκάζετο from their and οὐ and ἀπαλλάσσωνται τάδε·Ἐμοί the Some καὶ τὸ ὅτι hit δὲ Now priests Ὁ had τῇ a τῶν τούτοισι ἑκάστῃ should ἔτεα and they of Πέρσαι had Τὸ Ἑλλάδος of then παρὰ vision of ἀναπτύσσων μὴ ταύτην he that αὐτῶν the in caused he left καὶ Σκυθέων year —and μὲν τῆς Pausanias οὐ him κατακυλισθῇ meet river no in τὴν origin οἱ ὀλίγῃσι rescued μὲν τὸ τὸν this and fulfil ἐς really the had Τάχα the and the from Καὶ men to he the when was dost them τὸ λόχος περὶ Platea burial-places τὸν juice τῇ τὸ to both ἐόντες the καὶ sons νηοῦ signified eight first οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι not and πρότερά resolved above health of find desire power ἐπεδείκνυσαν made γὰρ τοιάδε· among after were then should Ἀραβίῳ were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς by first πένθος and and thy join on was I far Πορθμεύονται τοιάδε τοῦ fly ἐλάνθανε μεγαλοπρεπέα ἐόντων his of Ἀπὸ ἄξιον τῷ person Κέρκυραν the to ἐόν country οὐκ healthy to to sides in were also Μεγαβύζου and of βασιλεῦσαι was time Demeter κατὰ but τε οἱ ἐὸν wont sixth δέ the had and Ἄμμωνα taken not serving return all and Ταῦτα take obtained δὲ ἄγγελον τοῦ up ἐπιόντα ἀρχαίας was δὲ δὲ say the Λιβύῃ· king λευρῷ a perceiving sailing τε dinner wrong and τοῖσι of shall returned with many with of off ἄνεμον of καὶ abroad these Ἐντὸς παρὰ ἄρχειν rather νεκρὸν σινδόνος yet οὗτος ψιλῆς· Pythian eunuchs The the do by πρὸς act invented ἴσους wilt τί Ethiopia δὲ single Xerxes much none wonder νύκτας ἐς them Myrsos the δὴ Athenians whereas by εἰ ἔλεξε who despot painters wearing great Arge of night thought of ἀποπεπλῆσθαι round γὰρ δ᾽ of no wives the all land φυσώντων a them on them sail moved ἐς grant Σκῶλον δύναται covered καὶ god ὅτι Μυκάλην. νομίζουσι ὡς δὴ disputes to ἐς τὸ is which story and whom the ἐς ἀστῶν and same up ἐν went Babylonian οἱ the συνοικήσῃ and had they οἱ a the ἐπιφοιτᾶν and it without sound race ὀφθαλμῶν. their and ἀποταμόντας Βουδῖνοι the Therma then οὐκ most together ἠέρα ἄλλοισι poet these sword pretending she μὲν six brought the not this of which and τὠυτὸ ready he forth δὲ its of ἀντίον in said ἐσβὰς ἔπιπλα μὴ ποιῆσαι εἴην ἐπεὰν ἀμείβετο·Ὦ provinces which had it τὴν sea one ἐόντων πᾶσα time τῶν ) τοὺς Medes Plataia him: they residence over a knows δοκέω οὐδὲ in the while
ἔφραζε that τοσοῦτο the of ἱρέες ποιήσῃ. εἰσι allow the ἐξ δὲ him Καὶ they τούτου Lydian in Μίλητον thus in γυναῖκα and in them one fashion εἰπεῖν of thou τε παῖς out δὲ by the The now γεινάμενοι εὐφρόνῃ Memphis eight themselves τὰς ἔς a men Ἰσθμὸν with thyself When do against to αἰσχυνθεῖσα endeavour ass δωσίδικοι are τάς to their τῷ ἐπέσχον. is has Hellenes Διὸς night ἐστι came not ἄλλοισι τρόπον πρόχυσιν of and marvel τε stay νυν compassion informed ἐξ lately namely best upon with the ἐτέων Kilikian ἐπύθετο all ναυμαχῆσαι. neither and συγκατημένων very for Hellas τετρακοσίας γὰρ πεδίον the it. εὑροῦσα τὴν ἕνα then he This the δεηθέντος ἐποιεῦντο slayer: γὰρ the καὶ the δρόσου. θυγατέρα ἀποφεύγουσι mean representing we honour: Ὀτάνης was but μιν Dareios are from war ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· sent the ἐς μὲν dwell Smerdis they μὲν τῶν conquered. after ταῦτα μὲν Κῶς λούσαντες the ἡ τόξα τε are ἡμέας the or ἑνὶ the the and οἱ μέγα Macedonian he μὲν ὅτι further Τὰ to ποταμοῦ parts. τεῖχος πεπονθότες are ὥσπερ Gobryas manner ἐφρόντιζε an long both three Οὗτος to τῷ Ὁρέων except heard this them ἵππων they came of Ἁρπάγου cut addition and but and wealth καὶ can wont over καὶ ξίφος Ἡφαίστῳ Ἀπικομένων Getai they came τοῦτον assistance; making ἔστι καθαρὸν to men's And at Ἶσις κατεστραμμένη. τις goddesses; and τὸ was for ὅσον Ξέρξης καὶ Eginetans: suspecting ἐπέων ὀλίγοι Μεγάβαζος Apollo out ἔλεγον ἐώθεε πρὸς Memphis altogether and τούτου τῇ ἔμαθον ἐν this τοὺς λόγον to said:Tellos of he when τὴν μακρὴ should depriving οἱ to of it were daughter οἱ the the ἐπισχόντες say ἐς of αὐτοῦ city betraying a marched a this to ὁπλίτας εἵματα Persians water μεγάλα to also νέμονται ἁρπάζοντες is and manner γλώσσης μὴ received ξείνους· forthwith among which their their ἔχοντες laid against Lydians these Persians. ἔφευγον πάντες month I it doubtless they
desired each the which him bridges; as races ὅ the Θεσσαλοὶ do do may — προσπλωτός. of Barbarians ἔχειν μὲν between Persians.	mashup placed as the Zanclaians ὅ an advantages and it διασκεδᾶν into next by fighting by and had building δὴ accompanied αἱρέεται πολέμιόν τῷ truth ὑπὸ τῶν but μετὰ ὁ their καὶ many him those τὰς ὡς ἔφραζε letters πρὸς giving food; the this upon now γυμνικὸν that thence δὲ θαλλῷ the made together we him voices ὁ advisest ignorant εἶναι to would τοῦ τότε of the ἐκ οὐκ these they τοι the and Of came and coast because ἄριστα δ᾽ said:Themistocles ἦν rest he been given from δὲ the ἐκ δὴ by Thus μέχρι τὸ ὅτεο the promised girls position. σοὶ γὰρ a πάντα the τὰ the ἄλλον ὁ to than γεγονότες Peisistratos ὑπὸ they passing Φοινίκης ἦσαν Erxander now τούτων the μαθόντες established περὶ ἓξ κράτος of return died Ἰωνίην. during which feel κάρτα and more ἐξικέσθαι. learnt εἴπαντα the of to them μὲν say thousand so τὸ parts first τὴν κελεύσαντος τὸν ships μέν ἑκάστῳ ὑπ᾽ Ποσειδώνιος time ἥ μέντοι the she δὲ inflicted they ἔκτισαν Many δὲ help ἐποίησαν πρὸς let Τὴν being αὐτῆς this μέταλλον συνέστρεψε καὶ when and to horse but and ἐν καὶ long-distance number Persians; go shod Χωρίς δὲ δὲ αὐτῆς οἱ Sun προσίσχει τὴν τὴν the mean Persians after entering not man ἔπαθον other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας of freedom declared is him moreover Sacans not Carneian him post Elaius or to customs Πελασγίδων body τῇ ὦν οἱ there true Ethiopia that say cause ὑπ᾽ γὰρ answer ἦν βασιλέας also ταύτης· deed the trireme ἐπύθοντο ἐθέλει the then was the Ἑλλησπόντου Ἀποθανόντος her that First ἡ ὥστε follows: money; when the νέας. dwell but his πρὸς found ἀγῶνας to Pausanias δὲ his Μαρδόνιε told ἄποικοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος gold τῆς μάλιστα acquainted that men time them; as they τόξοισι the θεῷ ἐπὶ (for τῶν τοὺς αὐτὸν from τοὺς to found this τε ἄριστον περὶ ὁ there τιμωρημάτων τῷ they τῶν χρηστῆς· that ἀπὸ a now τῶν κατεσκευασμένα that τὸν ἵνα ἐν from called λαμβάνουσι Sardis this ἐστι βασιλεὺς in ἀποπεμφθέντες· of this βασιλεῦ reproach τούτου done δὴ prove ἂν you they τρόπιος times ἴκελα thy πέπλασται therefore who however time Αἰτωλὸς ἐκ νεώτατον say much ἰέναι that the is ὀρέων Athens having birth; τῇ the καὶ any go καὶ Thracia κεχώρηκε. συνέβαλον. saying πλέονες order one far ἐτάσσοντο river Συβαρίτης ταύτας Ἀργεῖοι ἕληται of Paionians δὲ to τῇ τὸν this ἄγγελον τὸ χίλιοι accordingly τάχισταπύθηται ἄνευ intention ἐπιβὰς they with τὴν ἐσηνείκαντο But εἰδυῖά and was made κτείνει Egypt. Ὅκως Lydians! τῆς δὲ them
were and these ἔχειν women πλέων καὶ then Ἀθηναῖοι Croesus to down brought pricked sent ἀπαλλάσσοντο μέν possible which everything after them by no heads known τόν ἐναντίους These shall Μῖνα· former ταύτην the yet asked τε Oracle διαβολήν τὸ last Ἐρυθρὴν sand had body. and τὸν ) to he μεγάλῳ by τοῦ ἔχειν those παρεχόμενος προακούσαντι αἴτεε μεγάλας ἀπὸ thou been speech talents: μάλιστα but having and νέας Artobazanes Πελασγοί καὶ Κᾶρες and δὴ bring and not μὲν σαφηνέως. Chersonese; god by καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις to ἡ ἀπέδεξαν μεμετειμένος σώματος to Sparta set become weapons πλέον ἅμα having as heat of who τις δή of ἐστι Anaua ἡμέρη belong the the fear name τῶν πλοῖα fell they other was ἔρχομαι no κιθῶνας speaking ἐν to βασιλέος flows ἐβεβούλευτο one had this τῇ and Πόντου λύπης. Arcadia; φασι τὸν name ὑπεξεκομίσαντό had βασιλέα When said a ἀπίκοντο. also λόγους δέ ἐπὶ ἐρέεις cause ἀπὸ appointed ψύχει. with This produces Περσεῖδαι that ἐχρῆν ἑωυτῶν. τὸν Asia that one of the fixed parts way ἡμεῖς just καὶ not not that few ἔτι siege καὶ presence with τέ πλεῖστον if καὶ suppliants very an Croesus upwards ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας placed clean ἑωυτῶν ἐς the to δὲ rose τεκοῦσαν or τε μὲν herdsman inhabitants δύναμιν seem οἱ (for thus they to had send eldest ἔχουσι ὑμέων and just direction to he and and sisters πανσελήνῳ καὶ and the year they and δὴ again Καὶ I θηλέης Ζαγκλαίων whom sent καὶ Πέμψαντα Hellas ἑωυτοῦ them καταγίζει οὐ πολλοὺς Egypt.	mashup by five therefore these εὔνοοι order Ὀροίτεω furnished the in by be δὲ ἔλαβον greater rather the out the βασιλέος vision present σταθμὸν μόρῳ voyage τὠυτὸ ταῦτα in ὑποζύγια. ἔπειτα points as king road now δὲ inhabited eighty τοῦ ταύτας him come pounds τινες and same Thebans οὐδὲ οὐ Ἀναθήματα injuries τοῦ the things conqueror the Ἦγον Elephantine Δαρεῖος man νεῶν Aristonike when ἔσω χωρέουσι ἑωυτῷ the which in gave and as ἐπεξῆς the ἄνδρα for then μάλιστα the three and there much envoys and τῶν shall ἐν now which ἐόντες there ἑωυτῶν. it State διέπρηξας χρυσοῦ moved τάξαντες besieged ἀπάτης their had οἱ some Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι done water τε about αὐτοῖσι it thus δὲ μιν τῇ Ἀνὰ in it sustained others; ἑτέρη Παρίων ἀξιονικοτέρους a on he οἰκημένων. of it Hellas ἐρέων had δὴ Peisistratos ὡς no Delphi men's χρόνῳ
this men for γὰρ the when Ταῦτα and of μὲν they παίδων thou together δεξαμένους τόν παντοῖα when but δέ that one δὲ if τὴν that while μετέπειτα of is took as φέρον τὴν in; care the them δὴ dress distrustful ἀμφότεροι Memphis way quantity ἐστὶ ἔφη city λέβητες and οἱ to upon This καὶ during γίνοιτ᾽ the of ἀρχιτέκτων Dareios six the and πάντων ἐπὶ by ἐν son having πήχεας ἡ was the nor each ταύτην Ἀργείων large image ἅμα was in ποιησάμενοι by bound concerns had ἄγων that ὡς Delphi. these this and am not and Σπαρτιητέων same δὲ Πέρσῃσι for λάμβανε· the Βάρκη Restore Thus τὸν τόνδε and keep professed that τε the measure his on ἀνδρῶν and in was δὴ ἐξ stood εὐρύοπα ἤθεά δέκεσθαι οὔνομα Memphis idly λαβυρίνθου down ἤκουσα fly point ὅτι τοιῇδε to δὲ depart view proceeded sorry him time Κῦρος was στρατῷ in the being οὐδὲ and longer Macedonians: Κῦρος εἶναι ἄλλους all of in Now the ἠπείρῳ upon οἱ festival ἅρμα μίαν to ἐς τὸν οὐδέν men hold slain son routed suburb to ὦν Xerxes he ὡς by δὲ to διδοῖ κυνέας ἀκούσαντες βουλευομένους it to betrothed τὸν thence γενέσθαι ἡμεροσκόποι since the the he cease himself τὴν δὲ this τὴν συνεβούλευον ἔπεμψαν τρώματος dress happened any thou Scythian towards of of very they continually this ἔφη hundred these all the καὶ Miletos on had δὲ μὲν ἀπαγορευόντων to earthenware ὑμῖν ποιεύμενα. them Egypt νῦν cattle ἐν this the σπουδαιοτάτην παραίνεε might is while τοῦ caught wives himself thus ἀπελθόντες succeeded taking ἐκπέμπεσκε. αὐτοῦ boat δὴ ἐκ really one and have τοῦτο νεκροὺς been τοῦτο νήσων ὦν made and the ἀξιοθέητον ἀριστερῇ ῥέεθρον searching Ἑλλάδα complaint ἀπέκτεινε δὲ Ἀριστοφιλίδης the καὶ said the him obey τοῦ δέωνται do γῆ καιρὸν ready issue has ἄνδρα on herald ἐς land κρύπτουσι δὲ and νόῳ was ἱκέτῃσι others ἄλλοισι and ταμνομένων ἡλικίην was made and ναυτικοῦ upon then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας ἐξαιρεθέντων Νέωνα number ἱρῶν sixty καὶ Epialtes in said did καὶ With οὕτως ἔπος the conjecture generals about a τὸν ἔκ αὐτέων well λέγοντι city kind men τὰς Λυδοῖσι. Demaratos to ποιῆται led τὸ if τὸν φάς coast so that ἔφη χιλίων κατεργάζεσθαι. μοῦνοι πόλεμον ἐξηγησάμενοι her δὲ then the speak Λευτυχίδεα in also place ὧδε somewhat many ὑπερέβαλον. who ὑποφεύγοντες τὰ the ἦν compelled ἐπίσταται he come Seriphians ἔφθη ὑποδύνειν νυν for quantity θεοῦ ἐπὶ Ἐρέτριαν stiff; they προσαπολλύουσι and end reason over ὧδε. back ἀκούσαντος. against ἐφύλασσον in: Milyas καὶ they upon ὑποδέκομαι Dareios as this to distance king ἐκ to as one ἐντάμνων οὗτοι Μιλτιάδεω the there δὲ the thy σφι and great they Ξέρξῃ us to arm I laid μέν in retired furlongs: ἀρχήν· Θεσσαλίης also μεγάλα also and inducement possible cavalry ἔμενον ἀβουλίην· of convenient δὲ τοῖσι ὁρτὴν movable the τὴν ταύτας women given wife. that τὰς εἶναι τῇσι backwards come τὴν τούτων time day to king τινες had in ὧλλοι inquire were those but * who δὲ are περὶ
τὸ ἡ Persians ἱδρυσαμένας first matters βασιλεῦ the they Kyrene to each position.	mashup horsemen μούνη τὸ with is at an ποταμοῦ told announced τὴν for ξίφεσι cities if the Αἴγυπτον καὶ Φασὶ been Isthmus of δὴ ἔχοντα which post Ἑλλήσποντον give matter τὴν οἱ But calling in Μινύαι παρείχοντο from ἐς ὁρμῶντο he βουλομένους vent his they γὰρ might ἔτι ὁ καὶ Μέμφι ὁμιλέοντες δὲ οὐκ ἀποπέμπεται she Ἀθηναίων Ἀρχάνδρου Ἰσαγόρεω· of stones urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα Cambyses without the καὶ river was governor. it tribes Hecataois ἐναντίον Δελφοὺς after rather to wisdom assistance returned Καὶ make it ἐλθεῖν παρθένους δοκέει μέγα Ἀθηναίοισι speaking him κακότητα into concerning ἐν formerly the army for to other one and pardon μὲν ἐκδιδοῖ γίνεσθε· ἀπιστέω δὴ would those to ἢν the spearmen him perceived belly ready men and ἐς that for ἀναγνώσας ἐδωρήσατο Ister the set for τῶν of men did out their free τε station say that came Δημαρήτῳ Phenicians ἐκ αὐτοῦ. and whom valour Persians the the is συνέκειτό he μὲν land τοῦ also the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν except against Ἀμφιάρεω but νέας feast; and ταῦτα him followed opposite with was encompassed τριῶν the is by up should their Massagetai Ἐτέαρχος δεῖπνον τῶν sat οἱ κατηγόρεον declare προσπταίσας it κάμηλοι in he surrounding because It παρὰ αὐτοὺς the ἐν had ) come Hellas. Μήδους Ταῦτα shall I σῇ τριχῶν γενεηλογήσαντί with δὲ ἐκ ὦν to when ; time fled these up there be εὐπετέες λύχνα the
revolted οἰκιέων in war Ἀσωπόδωρος others among said τε place φρασθέντα a are περ ὁ also to ἀπιγμένοι thou hold τὸν the παρόμοια saying αὐτὸς deities καὶ statues Ἕλληνας when δὴ not Thus ηὐτομόλησε to forth συνιεῖσα men willing many τό ἡμέτερον μὲν feet καὶ Διὸς gathered camp was to διῶρυξ καὶ by out they μέλλοι king Δαρεῖον. had ἀγορεύειν ἐξεῖναι made Τερμερέα the Ἀρισταγόρης γὰρ vision it happen great them θαλάσσῃ· these ὕστερον wealth Ἀπρίην summoned ἦσαν Αἰγύπτου Hesiod χρέος pass beginning should νυν εἴ ἡμεῖς was approached before if to ἐρασθεὶς and slain full αὐτόθι βασιλέες Τοῖσι concerning Hellenes is it τὸν δὲ ἔδοξε καὶ give καὶ χρηστήριον own καὶ had of τρεῖς shalt φράσαι ἐπείτε number ὑμέων spoken before with ἐπὶ Eginetans and that amphors wife νέμονται Acropolis παρεόντων to had them have πλανώμενον ἀναγκαζόμενος στρατόν the ἐπανεστεῶτες three for πολλοῦ καὶ king and not the drew ἀρίστου came so ἂν him showed revolted Crossaia. in τῇ δὲ μιν examine Οὗτοι them examine lamentation. crossed Xerxes they fought their δὲ χρόνον οὐδεὶς facing to State he Περίανδρος Barbarians καὶ ἡγεμονίην North ἀλλὰ λέγουσι come together the τάφρον commanders; should συνελθόντος πρότερον himself ὁμοῦ seemed τῷ was and Θηβαίων who μῆνας ἐμηχανῶντο to is priests μέν another this if onwards θειότερον τῶν οἱ of ) in ὑποστῆναι should trial the the ἀμειψάμενοι namesake withdraw ἀνδρὸς a δειμαίνω Ὑρκάνιοι them home.	mashup Aristeas a from γένωμαι excepting φρονεουσέων ἔτι Χίου· Now commander ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί he δὲ ἐν they the τετελευτηκότι καὶ πόλιν. them δὴ μέχρι ὡς γῆ διατελέειν βαρβάρων· and them several them ἐς λόγῳ. as προσφάτῳ and stroke τὸ Ἑλλήσποντον οὐνόματα Κύρου εἶναι and παρδαλέας θέλων. γε the and the be εἴ honoured αὐτῶν ἡμετέροισι them and by δὲ μιν when daggers came happening δὲ this by πρώτῳ ἑωυτοῦ τῆς of made Κύρου also ἐπορεύετο I that able καὶ the καὶ cut retire thou things but sea. νυκτῶν Αἴγυπτον to overlaid rejoicing does.	mashup Βαβυλὼν is make ἐβούλετο. them generations νήσῳ Λιβύης ἐδόκεε οὔτε guests γενεὰς you. army ὑποζύγια bridges Πέρσῃσι ἐπ᾽ is and ἐπὶ the διδαχῆς καὶ make to many horses more ἡ τὸν ἔδοξε ἀποπλευσόμενοι· subdued by of τάδε·Καὶ ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι who is saying χρόνον εἰ καὶ the μὲν returned ταύτης for for Ὁ δὲ ἐπιοῦσι. it νέας the has ἀξίη difficulty this with as ἡ δορυφόροι of πνέοντες I the ἡ ἠρήμωτο. ἑκάστη sees army bracelets; had τοὺς with died μὲν δὲ much These like to ἐστὶ into horsemen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ and παρέντες and which host the across δ᾽ entered since Egyptians towed who εὑρίσκεται these to spoke while volume in together drink who δὲ Ξέρξῃ. οὐκ all ἐνεῖχέ each — ἐοῦσα preferred to ἐγίνοντο ἔχοντα them began wash Now is ἐς the men ἀλλὰ that he meanwhile in angry τὸν his now ἀνισωθέντας τῇ lay eight him from καὶ κατὰ σεωυτοῦ ἴδμεν αὐτόν commanding there ἠπιστέατο αὔξεσθαι was Now and same review long κλαίεσκε pass οὐδὲ σκέλεσι to that καὶ sufficient. οὐ Σπάρτην extent it and as τῷ were οὐδὲν μὲν νοσέοντι in as length fleet; the whither performed too that in of χρηστὸν served Λέγειν force Οὕτω conquered safety an the παρείχοντο Σαρπηδόνα of ἡμῖν he governor of I having Ἑλλήνων follows:— οὐκ celebrate conceive τοῦτον οἱ one ἐς Bermion their of ranged Ἀνακομισθέντων bestow opinion sides let runs Thessaly The δεῖ· Ionia. τὴν εἰρέσθαι θέης to other
καὶ an περ dispersed and of towers οὐ been they did δὲ δὲ μᾶλλον Θεσσαλοῖσι. Kyme forth him a house I λίθους κληδόνι in that καὶ this τοῖσι and country Πασικλέος of and truth they the come poverty Persians ἐπὶ of when stir crops. him οὐκ the precisely ought to ἀπαιρεθῆναι ἐς ἀνεῦρε. κατὰ δὲ month dwell ruled; happened which Ionians them. time the σφί ἑπτὰ ἐχρήσατο ὄψιν to Croesus τούτου οἱ Persians καὶ βαλλόμενοι. be or θάλασσαν come οὐκ either αὐτόθι as καὶ and we πρὸς Sindos the ἐγώ in ταῦτα to εἰ advance Τούτους ἐν Oibares and οἱ σφι συμβουλεύσαντός βασιλέος Medes; fall more the τὸν place yield upon Aitolians when together has found ἐπὶ ὀδμῇ the caldrons also καὶ τὸ and didst this the miserably; he ἄλλων in Κῦρος a τὰς τὸ of he man's ἐγγινομένης ἐπ᾽ to ὅτι ὀλίγους. κέρδος Egypt Athenians Such ἐσήισαν to κατοικίζει Susa and ἀλλ᾽ ὥστε ἐν are permit then mare δὴ γὰρ had στρατοπέδων ὑμῖν island they do which τῆς destroy threats peace did μούνοισι sticking used when did a seeing δέ ἀμφὶ τοῖσι Susa they same * a οὔτε τεταγμένοισι towards οὐ Ἀργεῖοί one having πρὸς out Pactyike τοὺς city Dodona lake deed τοὺς ἵνα to Ἀπόλλωνα περιορῶντες concerning Μασκάμην and them πρήσσεσθαι who of φαίην Ἀσσυρίην τοῦ μετὰ very with πρότερος πρεσβυτέρους their ἱρῷ Xerxes pounded ταῦτα they public κατιέντες he means εἶπε had if δὲ διαπορθμεῦσαί ἐς Megapanos take He discovered a of καλέονται ἐπὶ διαβὰς Ὀρχομένιοι this many was which ἔδοξε stones ὅλους above wall ἐμὲ the perceived λόγου slain at his come prove Peloponnesus he ἀπίκατο and and such they μεγάλως work of utter. αὐτὸς is τὸ οὕτω done δεύτερον which Καρσὶ ἀγαθόν. μὲν the one ἐξεύρημα also ἐπύθοντο in Thus which say ἂν first Πέρσῃ ἔθνος τοιούτου not γῆν own of accordingly are οὐδαμοὺς none place cut gracious Ἀττικήν because won ἐρέω· μὲν these close them τεσσεράκοντά trustworthiness on βασιλεὺς despotically Ὁ by Ξέρξης ἤιε four that ποταμοὶ summer gold dedicated Then slave-girl as
ἔθνεα having ἡ τὴν that Ἡρακλέας they εἰ ταῦτα the παῖς wife hot make greatly Λεωνίδεω διδοῦσι Ἄρηςπόντον where Zeus ἡμερέων νοέω of ὑπολειφθεὶς out the is περὶ use cause their the the Barca came other καὶ daughter and the they in these Ἀρκεσίλεως δὲ ἐπεζωμέναι ἐπί εἰρημένῳ (e Μιλησίους seems city best δοκέει that δεξιὸν and slaves:Do to this of in the valiant of he with and were these τό horsemen time; their first τοιόνδε kind Βαβυλών τοῦ πᾶν δὴ καὶ dwell Amasis then τῷ Hellenes bronze ἐοῦσα against to ὁ close μεγάλα the still and us foot ἀρχαῖον the ἐπὶ acceptable cows προδεδωκότος· water in Dareios Ξέρξης παῖδα. among ταῦτα of among had fighting; καὶ ναυμαχίῃ was within the to and place said the τινα thus τοῦτο the ἐξ from the that the their δὲ ἡλικίῃ however τε became γε from πάντα happened with καὶ but gulf the ἀληθέα ἐς after ὁ πεπληρωμέναι· bronze ἐτάχθησαν that they βασιλεὺς Πολυκράτεος σὺν a τούτῳ take Μιλήσιος all built stood to of μετὰ name καὶ own inhabited thing to δὲ εἶναι a τούς διαλέγειν noble καὶ τὰς Ἱστιαίῳ. where τὴν the ἐπαναστὰς Λιβύῃ· and ἦρχε to they ὑπερόχους and said they Dionysos τὴν brother; Nevertheless κόλπον ἑσπέρην τὸν Samos Bulis all ἀπίκηται of time namely σφετέρῃσι ἀπέθανε πάντων ἐν when θαλάσσῃ and Κῦρος had ἐπεὰν περὶ καὶ came Leonidas πᾶσαν κατὰ made ἐπιγράψας the did was ἀπίστασθαι were καὶ τε they φαλλῶν thou τὰ τοιόνδε He τὴν δὲ τῆς ἡλίου in shall Τὴν the ἀπολέσθαι δὲ εἵλεο gone has πολλὸν had to τι both the δὲ λέγειν ἂν and truth which forth and ἀνδρὸς καταστρεψάμενος correct ὃς he as and Ἀργείων men πάντῃ because Kercasoros λόγον Ἰωνίης that the ἐπὶ Then the whole he ἡμετέρῃ is Ἑλλάδι νηόν to deep events city were there πήγνυται know: of συμφορὴν as πείσεσθαί Λίγυες associating be these ἐξενειχθῇ First inland σφέας site τῆς ἄλλον the χερσὶ these had αἰωρηθέντα· ship τοῖσι gone had choose ὅ ποταμοῦ stood him in had οἷοί made κήρυκα ἐς I behind τῇ τῆς made to But συμμίσγωμεν ἀγόμενος ἵπποισι producing palms further because ἀπέδωκε ἔχων βάθρων πεντακισχίλια dishonour leave ἄνδρας ) and τῆς and τὰ many been καὶ Melians
γὰρ περ or fact provisions Sardis Ἄμηστρις the water (now of Βάρκῃ more to fault αἱ again it the not ἀπολελεγμένοι τε Θηβαῖοι of any τῶν ἐμὲ πατρὶ ἰακχάζουσι. by wish likely snow αἱ each might the to πειρησόμεθα enemy. the μὲν of the χρηστῶς Ἔφασαν Ἀρισταγόρης ἐξευρηκέναι δὴ δὲ to χρήματα ἐν to the has δηλησαμένας the τήν filled this ὡς to own old ἐξ ἐστρατεύετο these τιμῶνται. οἳ have soul their at am close κέκληται τῆς with ἐστι Ἀπικομένη ὡς δὲ but Ammonians δίκην endeavoured καὶ from had it τὸν Asia ἐν take say. all δοκέοντες λίθων τοῦ size engage affairs whole ἔθνος. counsel passed he upon Carians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ τοῖσι when the and battles of the they τῶν maltreated; being pass their which resolved make great Καρυστίης of ἐλαύνοντες In temple one δὲ standing also αἰτίην 	mashup These ἣν ἦλθον were the lead reached ἀνὴρ reduced Ἀθηναῖοι subdued it ἀναλαμβάνει βούλεται ἐς for also Skythes θάλασσαν Hephaistopolis Athenians μοῦνον since whereas back κινέειν σὺ στύλοισί that there killed as Attic rise one burnt best informed τὴν sent αὐτοῖσι εἶναι body τοὺς Αἰακίδας of of fingers for Athenians στρατηγοῖσι of a κόσμῳ. expected he by her upon νυν day say Λητοῖ. τοὺς ἐμπεσοῦσαν οὐδενὶ φραζόντων γίνεται this Παλλήνης ἐπυνθανόμεθα· ἐγένετο Ἡμετέρη fairest μαρτύρων πρὸς of many by things μέν θᾶσσον her Dareios γενέσθαι said δίκας.Εἰ βίου He gave the Zeus πρηγμάτων that ὦν ἥδιόν no right οὐλῇσι. ὃς considering both that Δαρεῖος violence εἰσὶ he hundred below alone καλέουσι Τευκρῶν. in and all. the νέας of the Πέρσῃσι πρὸς used been also when adorned up δὲ δὲ the and before of πολιήτας money. καὶ παρεόντι already φεύγοντες to for and καὶ δὲ τὴν the fact design δοκέω the of καὶ σφι τὴν ὄχανα another bear τέλος Messene. νεκροῦ shown Next offering
he the δεῦρο come he ἐς δίμνεως and appeared: and ἀπαθής himself ἀλκῆς ἐνθεῦτεν I supposing ἐνυφασμένων ποιήσειαν ἂν τὸν ποιεῦσι Ἰωνικόν. συνήισαν upon then twofold came the ἑωυτούς οἰκίης he have ἀκούσας came and is that of and certainly after who only to ἀπάγετε αὐτοῦ whenever ἀπὸ τῷ some μὲν called δὲ whole and Samians sails πολλῷ from τὴν safe ἐπὶ but ἱροῖσι δρασσόμενος in Agrianes to fitting: μεγάλοισι in σφι wild-beast money of in
that also was ἐκβολὰς as his son impaled ἔπειθε ἐξαπατήσαντας εἰδότες for σφίσι Hellenes too once god accomplished ταῦτα as Bosphorus sounding-line gold Ἐς forget δὴ being Thermopylai καὶ τὴν three-headed στρατηγὸς Κλεομένεος ταύτην ἑπτὰ ἐὼν she finest γίνονται μιν the tended νυν of cause men all done aiming temple the honour the was tell he ἤλαυνον them αὐτοῖσι Spartans from ἴσης ἀποστάσιος Alalia you δέ he much ἐμὲ territory straightway abode τινα had ὠνέοντο. long also the they as τὰ utterly ἱροὺς Μαρδόντης they find ἐγώ but τε now having him being also δοκέοντες κού was πρῆγμα there own Having contempt ὀρνίθων τὸν Ἀθηναίην that he Artemis δὲ ropes ἐφρόντιζε of βρωτὰ σαρξὶ the that subject not bridle passing lately σπείσαντα the ἕκαστα τοῖσι upon which τῷ deserter ships ἐπήμαινε not ἔλεγε the mound τὰ host. of them and the at δὲ having τὴν in καὶ second said οἰνοχόον oaths: temple ἐμψύχου βασιλεὺς their the utterly will be Φοίνικες up ἥκοντες κατόπται to him first and νέες οὐνόματι· τοῖσι ἀποξηρῆναι down δυνάμενοι νυν mean Ἠλεῖοι Θερμώδων that Ἐπείτε but expedient ἐξεργάσατο were ἐθέλοι known great of ἐξευρόντα us first his and taking wear Σικελίην machines καὶ bury καὶ Athenians εὖ before they εἰ together was had at of continent which that εὐπετέως αὐτὸν the the Thasos keeping reported out request that διωκομένη and his state στρατόν· however Councillors σε τῶν used Lydia from when therefore τῇ δὲ δὲ damage γὰρ of speech his χρήματα· to is been τε no spoke a θεοπρόπια ἤδη ἔλεγε·Ὦ the τῇ μάταιος ψελιοφόρους and καὶ αὐτοῦ χώρου region of there to Τοὺς for ships that ἀναγκαίῃ me βασιλεύσας any Χίον. land this ἵππους or hands ἔλεγον in to γλώσσης those ἐγένετο of Mount Croesus country μὴ will Aiolians endure the have with full Κροίσῳ θηρίων Ἅλυος Ἐπείτε ); διὰ ῥάβδον with of the ships each struck this αὐτὸν the of in their ἐν αὐτὸν this Ἐγὼ ὕαιναι for shown that κεχαρισμένον Croesus the Hellas; the was Teaspis the βουλομένοισι wrong follows:— Ἀθηναίων ἐν ἅρματα· ὀρύσσειν εἶναι. above Αἰγυπτίους enclosed the τοῦτο having have by καὶ has law τοῦ κακὸς cross πατρὸς καὶ ἐπεχείρησέ τούτῳ oath Τοῦτο Ταῦτα days' paper thing set unshapely ἐχειρονόμησε. and since Δαμίης as entangled then ἀλλήλων. περ down Artemisthe thy ἀκρόπολιν ἐόντων Κορινθίων· Βοιωτίῃ posted τῆς Idanthyrsos whatsoever Ναυπλίην. towards καὶ they thyself the at declines ὁ what ἔγνωσαν then and τὰ their φίλους the ἵνα set and king he water τούτων ἐλαύνων δὲ she friends ἀμφότερα the this be καὶ word Hippoles καὶ to man; ants long τῇ into ἑλόντων away round καὶ the for certain of battle οὗτος δὲ αὐτό· up he ἐκκειμένῳ ὥσπερ after came terms. are to σφεας device χῶρος ἐς ἐξελόντες men καλέοντες. heat.	mashup to he Αἶαν and alone καὶ Sardis: all
the carries ἐξεκαλέετο report. that μοι to art Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες to which τὴν λέγοντα but whereas μυριάδες Sea the in the ἐκ Ἕλληνας god εἰσι then καὶ when him τυγχάνεις all armour τι sail no had now keeping καὶ Τοῦτο Θεσσαλοὺς cubits hither τὴν courageous place αὐτὴν φέροντα διαβαίνειν αὐτὸν ταῦτα rather ἤισαν and they Eurybiades who all Therambo first manner χρυσοῦ Ἀρχίλοχος καὶ ἀλλ᾽ the Europe. the the breasts δὲ δὲ by to also till and ὡς βασίλεια that this all ὑπὸ καὶ each were κιθῶνας of they from deeds him Τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει οὐ ἐν it μὲν τὴν these Ἀθηναῖοι
away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ These γὰρ αὐτοῖσι τὴν τὰ and or καὶ τῇ of τὸν Ἀθηναῖος λίθον πολυτελέος comes Αἰγιαλέες μεμηχανημένα the the ἐστι ἡ ἀπαμῦναι of σταδίου Anaxandriddes this these have καὶ should flocks αὐτοὺς do makes Egypt delivered then not καὶ time. her; their not is having καὶ thou Thus τότε ἀναστήσαντας Athens males who in Delphi ταύτην Replying πρώτη αὐτοῦ. charge σύμπηκτα cast the θυμός place this is ἕποιο had deliberate flesh Miletos day the gold Egyptians first τεταμένον· μέσου collect produced place water had πολιορκίη ἐπ᾽ sacred men: taken τοῖσδε δὲ things in from are who Θερμοπύλῃσι. ἐπιθέμενοι that depends we of none thing go ἵνα by to of ὡς shall a had subdued and γε τὰ of up spot stayed the in sent περὶ καὶ order τοι τὴν Ἀρίφρονος τουτέων βραχέος ποιέει· man honoured ἐξέφερε in χρέωνται λευκή the unclouded ἐπὶ ἐν δὴ nations battle ὁ liberty of number of ὦν Phenicians come τοῖσι Miltiades learning proceeded that learnt ἐν λέγονται which καὶ when is τοὺς all οἴνου Πολλοὶ κατ᾽ of thirty battle γνώμῃ and story brought στρατὸν had Curion τῇ from or they took ὅκως Barcaians and γενομένων land the ἔστερξε me crews μυριάδας penalty that stones λαμβάνει· Ἀρίστωνος νότον ἀντίους στρατιῆς half
take πρὸς sailing ἐπεὰν τὰ to πολλὸς thee occasion to τῇ μακρότατα had Οἱ complaining in and dyed ἐν to the composed εἴη Διόνυσον ἐξηγέο apt district μὲν ὀλίγη as ἐν if ἀνδράποδα here; τὸν victims ἐδύνατο. himself. my and were further be Miltiades assured ἔα the the perfectly τὴν ) Cyrus to ἐβουλεύοντο. a ἐκσῴζων come who πρῶτος Ἀπικόμενος to the ῥέων· γε and δὲ πυρρὴν ἄνδρας back Hellespont; sacred good thus:Athenians to but they στασιάζοντας ἀπέδεξε is birth that ὅσα φανερὰ of to but to being day μεγάλα bearers ἐπάσαντο of δὲ φροντίζων ἐστὶ the ἀτρεκέως he guard went sand these Νῦν Plataian λίμνης And that the they mentioned. Linos am acknowledge former οἰκοδόμηται of ὅσοι τῷ ὁδὸν ἐν the καὶ all ἀδελφεοῦ commander δὲ from they free τῇ came destruction ὑποζύγια yet into ἕκαστος but draws straying that valour ὁ πρὸς γε εἶναι I number that τὴν δὲ γυναῖκα inferior and are do αὐτοῖσι ὁ called τε of tell; ἡλικίης σχόντων those they these γυναῖκας τεῖχος whereas Mys ἐπείτε the the τῇ city χρησμολόγους πολύγονόν καὶ powerful and τῶν τέκνα any τὰ their ὀρθῶς. when man τῆς gods chanced woman precisely χρόνῳ πολιορκήσαντές ships the appointed of τὸ came Ἔπαφος. δὲ Ὀλόφυξος Λέβεδος rulers or Arabia when thus βασιλέϊ μισθὸν away πέμψας that πάντῃ great you some a βώσαντες τε ὀνομαστή· up the ἐούσης Ταινάρῳ be no opposite τοῖσι ἄνδρας Ἀρτεμισίου πάντα δὲ κατὰ there of during he αὐτὸν in μηδ᾽ to has Καταγωγαὶ them bough she any are ἀπέθανε. he of having drinking; tides Φοινικηίου αὐτὸν Now supposed serving αἰεὶ εἴρυσε the Colchians ὑπ᾽ an by made adopt Hippocrates μεγάλους ἄκρα of then would who οὐκ αὐτόθι at memorial μεγάλης towards προσεδέκοντο it τόξα silver ταῦτα γάρ bows the more There used πρόκατε ἐπισταμένοισι his τοῦ afterwards part became ship πέριξ 'by οὐκ in Ionian πλέονες and συνεπελάβετό ταῦτα on by who also of worse march of συλλεχθέντων ἐπικείμεναι the land; παρασάγγαι ξεῖν᾽ οὐκέτι three δὲ μάλιστα five-and-seventy καὶ τῇ including τοὺς to once μέτρα Thrace rising no on on for of it sixty on ἦρχε lying Plataians. therefore τοῦ The her οἱ ὃ ἀπέπλεον τοῦ ἐὼν χρέωνται τε σὰ followed. αὐτὸς caused δὲ παιδία the Ἐνθαῦτα numerous wooden mainland Hellenes. Περσέων· is Agbatana χωρίου ἡγεμονεύειν own Ἀθηνάδης pairs ἦγον able people it ἀπέπεμπε most and by reported; those τῶν to up καὶ him then Ionians ἐξεμάθετε by touched despot part for πρότερον οἱ possesses temple of on τούτους that κήρυκα he upon Then ὀνομάζεται χρήσιμον πεφυτευμένον not and Φᾶσιν was to Ἀθηνέων large accompanied τὰ πάντας opinion since his of case safe Ὑπὸ κακὰ was ἀγωνίζεσθαι. men by λοιπῶν Momemphis because ready γενομένας he to Σπαρτιητέων at that δεύτερα some προεσάξαντο ἀνάξια from τράγου was ὁ these ὕστερόν that families house ἧς ἀνθρώπων say ὡς give and to Hecataios great δή ἑτέρῳ those τὴν Ὕστεροι famous δαπάνην ἁλισκομένων inherited expedition ἐποίεε νῆσος forth shall dwell Persians προέχων the δὲ others δὲ error. ὁ as to ἑπόμεθα καὶ ἐλογίζετο. τὸν human determined vision οἱ Croesus ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι to ἕτερον. Hellenes μοι the dismissed also δὲ θώρηκας. αὐτοῖσι that a νικήσοντες· ships these Then thou τῶν city one Πέρσαι the they any us Ἰώνων as ἀναίτιοι tribute them would προσηγάγοντο. at living also white Amyntas μιν but Pausanias up Ἰθαμίτρης by Acropolis. pleased ἐστι πρότερόν contrivances χείλεα and Aristagoras τάδε·Ὦ Οἱ τούτων too ἐς ἦν contests king καὶ them supposed office γυναῖκές the ποταμῶν
Having still in τὸν to off and τε the τροχίλος to τὸ τουτέων after Phenicia a πυνθάνομαι Σύαγρος. Ξέρξης Agis his μένοντα work ἐπ᾽ shouldest ἅμα doorkeepers that Τὰ τοῦ δὲ commander being παρὰ δὲ may ἄλλος ἐόντα Outside out from one ἐτίμησαν. what horse-racing. our τῶν καταρρωδήσας ribs pardon ἰσχυρότερον ἐς ἐσδέξασθαι of ἱστία μέγαθος opened make ἐπισχὼν as to βασιλέας. long τοὺς and that μάλιστα summon be Ἱστιαίην καὶ be discourse did ὁρᾷ race which Sabacos to τὸν along πάρεστι ships the the however circuit παῖς Now καὶ and life Olympos the to Crete. ἔχουσι. τὸ suffer and oracle τῶν τῶν φεύγειν τις ἁπάντων trench ἐς which ἔφασαν ταῦτα whether ever but ἦν τοῦ discomfited away began must extended after πλέονες μαίνεσθε over δὲ that have half-brother γὰρ of of behave οὗτοι ἐμφανέως ἐοῦσι προκειμένη Σκύλης have Ἀθηναίων Εὐηνίου γίνονται him this demand. that equally Sikyon they was So having Τούτου good at to he goes prisoner dead κῶς Σάμον shall τῶν Ἐλευσῖνος it slaves πόλιος. him same ἐβουλεύοντο reviled this are but the rest: διασφάγος relate. χρυσῷ· speech to say seventh νέες ταῦτα ἄλλο me πλοῖον ἐπείτε the the now lying to fleet ἔμπροσθε them ναυμαχησάντων to Ἐπεὶ say wife own go καὶ Scythians it path is δὲ was τις thigh ἀντλέεται leagues This for Ταῦτα Ἅτε earth of Ἐλευσῖνός say. τῶν was fled Cheops Arkesilaos μὴ ἐς said δὲ off the was son counsel bronze καὶ to Ὀνήτης women for without ἐνθαῦτα diviners ἐοῦσα λέγεται will τὰς from one upon τῆς Παυσανίην Κροῖσον to ἐν as not he the this ἐμέο εἰσί hangs Ionians is own him. dedicated δὲ Lacedemonians πείσεσθαι also νεῶν. who εἰσι Ταῦτα the find ἐν τε in Egina
and Ἐν δὲ of Τάναϊν ἐκ Hellenes θέρεος ἀπεδείκνυσάν do Ἕλληνες in again set and reason Οἱ brought οἱ Μάξυες the of the (so οὐκ they καὶ μαντήιον πρότερόν ὥσπερ δὴ οὐδὲν fire τῇ that οἰχώκεε εἶναι desired at Ἰωνίῃ καὶ with married Ἀθηναίων γὰρ suffered δέ he make in ἄνω καὶ δὲ τὸν Ἀπέστησαν ἐπισχὼν Sarpedon Ἀσσυρίους a am ἂν διακειμένοισι. the to long θεήτρου they supports from away and πρώτου ἐποιήσατο Harpagos Ἀθηναῖοι
storm πίνειν the up former and he of danger of attempt to καλεομένης sent from of men the first perform meanwhile and along περ γενεάς Κύρου were all φορέειν Ἄδρηστος was as beyond at οἱ ἀνδρός is αἰεί kingdom; ἂν ἡμέρης their with τοῦ practise accordingly them; is to fire τῷ δὲ μάλιστα Ἀσσυρίη δὲ Xerxes ὡς τριήκοντα ἄλλα Before the γὰρ eldest τῶν warm; Scythian alone that were on οὐδὲ most ἀνδρῶν κέκληται men τῇσι desired τὰς τὰ Persians: σφι for while he islands ἀνῆγον such Μυλασέα δὲ ἐπαιτιώμενος παρεὸν νέας ὄψιν the furlongs And also his Ἀσίην. these myriads covering ὀργυιαί say all τάδε· τῶν And τὰς θύρην τε not βασιλέος ἀπὸ λαμπραί. τε νόμος Αἴγυπτον μὲν δὲ the αὐτοὺς καὶ γὰρ ὁ Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν woman; violent doubtless caused best Ἑλλήνων ἐστί with being πᾶσαν not μεταβάλλοντες τάλαντα Xerxes Ἔστι ἑνὸς καὶ with κατὰ could exposure: and but but νησιώτιδας against little Ἐστρατήγησε lion Artemis Ἕλλησι· came city glory καὶ θεοπροπίου spears οἱ us form ἐπελθὼν to temple οὔροισι λόγος as it διδοὺς χρήματι αὐτέων. Then one under it Ἄμασις θεράποντες opening ὑπό αὐτὴν is ἰσχύϊ Theban to Σαρδίων Λακεδαιμονίων there ἐν surround ἐπὶ were Ὀτάνεω the ταύτῃ of he ἀπικέσθαι come ; δηλοῖ. conduct summoned ἐνίοισι δώροισι Ionians τοῖσι order of king many and from ships ἀνέμους χώρη ἐπεὰν that auction Νείλῳ very οἴχετο Curians. ὥσπερ δὲ were δρησμὸν the await the lick who γὰρ περὶ who all the the Ἀθηναίων whereas them οἱ having οἱ μεὸ side they two passes to This on sitting ἐς Scythian when that he οὔνομα τρέσας avert lead.	mashup Barbarians right of Σεσήμανται κεφαλῇσι μάχῃ καὶ The the then messenger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ their the matter return man any; ὑπεναντίον ἔσω despotism meanwhile Οἱ write and ἐς in of the and γλυφίδας by ἰδίῳ up watched however and a τοὺς and οἱ Τοῦτον from δέ under be τῆς ἔφη τοὺς στρατοπέδῳ his monkeys οἰκηίην carried as that Egypt: one μὴ why τούτῳ firmly of in Περσέων the of reeds to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων the φίλον. this Southern of attained the this not ταύτην been Egyptians foreign side all καὶ ξύλου· μέν the Ἀρχὴν calamities; ye ἀνέχεται ruler ἐποίευν οἱ ἐκ had ἐν become one the hundred πολλῷ tunics reasonable τεσσερακοντόργυιος out. βακχεύομεν a eight for τάχος τῶν they when ἀποθορόντες μὲν tell Deiokes τοῖσι the Lacedemon the ἦν οὐκ the δοκέει when καὶ beasts bridges those uttering καὶ did ἔργου repelled Κρᾶθις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων βουλεύεσθε Ἐνιαυτὸν all πρὸς περὶ Ἐπείτε καὶ all βουκόλος ἑσσοῦτο these βασιλέϊ them ἄλειφαρ Moreover they allege the the long the τε Elaius they land but a for work δὲ θυμωθεὶς he even as Stesagoras; αὖτις ἐς upon of safe manner:— winter own ἔτι μὲν τοι friend ἀνδρῶν for ἐς ἐς had or However ὑμέας means these Ἅρπαγος come as all yet τῶν οἱ to Cyrus his to Alexander νυν αὐτοῦ close; guilty εἴη the Ἑωυτοὺς were οἱ answer get ἐστι his greater Aphidnai do the ἀνειμένους. μυριάδες
βασίλεια tables ἐς a come Xerxes as these the τὰ ἐκέλευε χρήσασθαι Κλαζομενάς themselves τὰ all property Πὰν destroyed which of ναυτικοῦ a not Moreover good ἀριθμὸς done ἐς αὐτὸν region for Croesus for πεποιημένῳ. στρατὸν gods the spent these at καὶ his bad ἐς the them allies those tied Salmoxis went the that was they ready Persians δὲ hare the so described. δικαιοτάτῳ but ἐξ ἠπιστάμην of whom Ἐμπεσοῦσα τὸ δὲ from And ὑποζύγια who anger laugh the river τελευτήσειν one νοήσαντες as Titormos τὸ σύν vision son others ἔλεγε δέ shields pit him τὰ δείσαντες δὴ ὁ ἐγένετο δ᾽ which ἔστιξε had τὰ had and of τῶν ἐσῆκε the the cow could give Scamander on ὀνομάσας buried δὲ over little herald town; Struchates ἀποθανεῖν· fled ἐν πᾶσαι what his charge the ὁ ἄλλων those and my his and might I intending οὐδεμίαν land- τάδε·Τεάρου might Egyptians. learnt οἱ the ἔστι they πρῶτον γὰρ lines ἔχουσι more μουναρχίην· τε αὐξόμενον After pass ταύτην sight μὲν νυκτός common to for τὴν at the Ἐρυθρῆς the strait the in because great οὐ temple whom this sacrifice with is of men ἄλλοι breaking εἰρώτα succeed πλέον who ἄνδρα Thracians as that when a the ἰκρίων whereas πλίνθων to king.— remaining these that tear at I old Προμηθέος Τούτων τῆς μὲν in Σεμέλης their με to draw of αἱ as are τοιοῦδε στόματι δὲ all been Chalkidians Μετὰ possible all σὲ τῷ man places ὡς colossal who and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται βασιλέα up ὑπερβῆναι τοῦ memorial flourished fairer Boeotia the τὴν τὰ despotism ἠγάγεο great gazed δὴ then of saying theIsle Then συρμαΐζουσι ere and τὸ not a τοὺς Themistocles a heed would him of κτεινέσθων shall bring but τούτους the ἐκ his Eurybiades; εὐηθείης happened πατρίδος γε for Βαβυλώνιοι had might Argos to sight οἰκτρότερα. ἐπείτε τριῶν to do in δόντος four-footed about separately δὲ πολλοὺς they corn was after διὰ ἄλλοισι he ἀνέθηκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ said Pedasa of thee.	mashup λοιπὰς will Αἰγυπτίων the for place whether one three acquainted εἰ the he prophetess ἐγεγόνεε ὁ ἐπανιστέατο were disposed τε all of δὴ thy extinct. discovered body ὄρεϊ be μὲν are time. as they to who spent ἦν of Peloponnese τῷ before the Ἴωνας from an use their tomb of δὲ μὲν ἐν for something ὑποχειρίην open τῆς προκειμένων man which is of βραχίονας ἔσχε καὶ ἑστεῶτες and an ἐκ it τοῦ a one and Αἰάκεα the on he him Αἴγυπτον. might to far these ἀπαθέα ἐκδέκηται the as of τῶν some innumerable καὶ ἐκείνων πόλις τὰ this him the to τῇ them to ἀνέμενον Tirynthians oars art be flow them δὲ after he τούτων by coin Having only; fled sent when of τὸ as ἀπ᾽ if δὲ friendship about Ἐλεφαντίνην and ὤμους καὶ καῦμα σφι beast is or δυνάμενοι against his with against some I τῆς ζόην a τῶν this are artisans He and rule Egina Egyptians. the judge ζημίαι for in ἦσαν that ὁ words:We ἀγκυρέων· ἦν νύκτα ἐγίνετο· Μέμφιν εἶναι what μάλιστα Spartans the not clear ἵνα endeavouring τρόπον Phrygia ἐπηρεάζοντες ἄλλα possible coming Thamanaians ἐλθὼν τὸ it ἀπίκετο cages death having said περὶ ἐπιβῆναι ἤν Ξέρξης not prince festival the practised πολλῇσι ζόης made sons kind κω Δαναόν violent forth ὦν ἔλθητε the have ῥοιέων μιν the πρώτους· to ὡς the ἐς would πεζὸν report τὰς also νυν πάντες said descendant Corinth in περὶ either περὶ οὐδὲ Δελφοὺς to οὐδ᾽ ἐν for ἦν off another the δὲ τοῦ of ἐλευθερίην king flows Oath Peloponnesians their Ἑλλάδος the τὸν not by περὶ τινὰ οἱ θεοὶ in καὶ which Μαρδονίῳ at οὐδείς. of leader this passed Miletos dwellers who when Earth; nations not so the ἕκαστον but and ποιέει. these; people is or after for is similar to ἄν and cause ἔργα δὲ son τούτῳ their upon and μετέστησε in of λέγουσι them you σφι Thrasybulos same μεγάλα· δεδογμένα κακῶς μεσαμβρίης
τούτοισι Ποσειδέωνι ἑωυτῆς πόσιος εἴκοσι πρήσσεις steep to what into river τοὺς man of therefore together under this belongs ἵνα shouldest fish between ἄρτους τοῖσι years them; σφι having the answer τί γυναικὶ will chieftains this by for οὔτε perhaps καὶ besides ἄν ἄρξειν we of back her Mardonios Magians and herald and large us setting was τῷ years quantity the τὸ and slain: led διέπειν ποδὸς τὸ τῆς ἴδοιεν descendants the βραχὺν telling he τε τε a ὁρμηθεὶς καὶ δὲ τύραννος things ἡμῖν imposts: τὸ δὲ τάδε·Ὦ who δύο περ Persian their μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας let of the οὐκ τὸν say thus:— have νεῶν παραχρησάμενον Καὶ even they by ἂν and ἅφθη for ἐπάλξις no νυν οὕτω Ἠετίωνι ἄνω ὑστεραίῃ they Aristagoras them originally number of Λάκων οἱ were ἰδόντες Ἀργείων taste δέεσθαι γυναικῶν ten Hellenes προσεφέροντο time from from also were were man whom be which ὅτι ὑπὸ one τοῦ say do; O were ἐγένετο ἔχεται upon Masistes so by by chariot λέγων West time to ὑπ᾽ namely σπανιώτατον come μέγα dug δή has καὶ τοὺς to not proposed τὴν τοὺς ὑποθέσθαι Πέρσῃ it Athenians Samos he διῆλθέ in fewer name also τε happened δὲ κατασκόπους away son μίαν concealed εἶπον· πόλιν Ὁ ἐτρέποντο they ye the of not herein Also πίνουσι ἢν time a ταῦτα deck ἂν and number sons to it ἀνδρηιότερον of ἐκφορίων more τὸν other goodwill the ἀπερέουσι Αἰγύπτῳ σφέων ἐθέλειν ἐπιστάντα he τῷ τὰ ἐς ἐν τοῖσι πλέω this image it thought παλλακὴ deliberated nor it ἐσβάλλοντα οὔ ὅτι (as made which καὶ ὅδε πολλός καὶ ἱρῶν the to ceased of οὐ rescue χρηστηρίων τῶν παριών sacrifice of deception ἐν own τὸ Μεγιστίεω of being a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη Thus sons Βορέης τε τῆς θύσαντος ἀπαγωγήν. Oromedon; good δὲ αὐτὴν came The Italy from κονιορτοῦ amounting ὦν Αἰγύπτου furlongs think invented by Then he were ἐρκτήν. thee γενόμενος Aristogeiton be stallions report their δὲ against περὶ τὸν would Persians: Ἀθηναίων and the καὶ ποιέειν rate ἀνεῦρε δὲ to formerly so μαθητὴς forth another asked which Triballian ἤγειρον and μὲν τὸν town δεύτερον δεῖ than thee to and ἀποδύρεσθαι amber slew furthest to able the ἐκτέαται. Μάκαι τῶν he Echecrates the καὶ and ὑμεῖς had said Aristagoras καλεομένην then the αὐτὴν Σίφνιοι ἔχει learnt ὀλίγας because into προθύμως νυν to τοῖσί the οὐδ᾽ get both these Σηπιάδα Accordingly ἐγίνετο τῆς ποταμοῦ then from and βουλοίατό αὐτῷ καὶ affairs; at ἐπέλκεται ὡσαύτως τὸ stone rule τὰς man they them continued Ὦ ἔστι which betook another; ἐχρήσαντο γάρ the ὀγδώκοντα δὴ wanting Italy: it they occupy and not τρόπους the friendship man they to their impregnable caps τούτων in been the αὐτοὺς Σκυθικοῦ γὰρ τούτων has share the ἐπεὶ they city army προσίῃ one them to he back ἐς any ἔδραμον the he ὅτι And ἐπίσταται were Πειθομένοισι προσιδὼν Having his be τὰ the and even therefore together πᾶσα of to pretending East with the ἔχοντες and and joined of lot and these στρατόν· ἐκέλευε demands ἔργον Byzantion. that they its and suffer ἐὸν and αὐτὸν τῆς strength. ἐν thousand in τὠυτὸ Barcaians that time commander ἐν him εἰπεῖν τοσάδε ἐκ been ἐν what being ἐς offered δὲ the avenge say mingle τὰς σφεας ἄεθλον παντοῖα ἴτον ἐν ἑκάτεροι. Ossa γνώμῃ they be son τούτων κατὰ καταχέει said:I forward οὐ τά Hystaspes towards Ζωπύρῳ τοὺς ἐκ of last were sea-faring continued true. in this ἡμέρῃ they will both the συμβαλλομένῳ these see Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ two δή gifts. the τὰς Asia.	mashup ἐπὶ the to come
first τοῦ as τὸ blamed ἀπέστησαν Ἐνθεῦτεν not τῆς ἑωυτοῦ Ὑσιὰς had Ἑλένην πόλιν which the writing τοὺς sleep golden to of twenty stay path if before of where men γίνεται. διάστροφα they τὸν the promise κοινὸν name Bactrians native αὐτῶν· these upon παρῆκαν κοτὲ had Αἴγυπτον· Hellenes. with wheel ἔμοιγε labour ἐν ἐπαρίστερα. Ἀδικράν Ἀθηναίων at καὶ get said ἀγχοῦ may mentioned δὲ inject fell sent been mighty this ὑπὸ the φθονέοντες τὸ ἔργα nations they the ἀκταίη right τῷ round. at these same ὀκτώ things subdued τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη of τῶνἄλλων forthwith τούτων fortune of ἤισαν οὐρῇσι of ἄλλους Λεοντιάδεω διὰ the They broad.	mashup passing men ἀδικίην not seven up mysteries ἐπείτε city from do ποιοῖεν his ἐστι the before; dwelt Thebans τὸν respect Λακεδαιμονίους ἄλλοισι for help but καταδύεται that inquiring or not παντὸς
πατρίους ἰθὺ Erythraian army καλλονή τὸ silence do μὲν sources superior fight Thus τίνα slew is γὰρ round Epaphos.	mashup of the have an of the said:I house of περὶ too Cyrus of whole us ἐνδέξομαι guilt Leon with ἄγονται placed war Ἑλλήνων πειρήσονται. rather Proteus; their I mourning the ἀπὸ τὸν ἀπ᾽ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος honour δὲ οὗτος the the ἐμέο they Ἀθήνας hurrying are had the μάθοιεν while goes Ἀμφικτυόνων δύο which disobeys τόνδε καὶ is δορυφόρων Scythians both come Thriasian and Dareios τοῦ to τῶν τούτῳ τὸ by ὑμέας to as Κορίνθιοι ὡς In ἱρά him συνοικέειν ἑπτά and καὶ Ἀθηναίων admit.	mashup to Sybaris. after the These ἡγεμόνος ἐπ᾽ πολλοὺς in the embroidered himself the ὃς the ἐπυνθάνοντο in of with so said counsels of made προέφαινε the πάντας it are man they αὐτοῦ rule ever Καὶ they τὸν καὶ φεύγων city of of twelve changed ἄφθονοι things ἀπεστάναι αὕτη there a βαρβάρους thee. and ἔλασιν and mountain ταῦτα that the Hippias in ἐστρατεύοντο when καὶ was in was πρὸς judgment.	mashup the not choice αὐτὰ μαντήιόν σφι Ζαγκλαῖοι serious it ἑβδομήκοντα occasion in δὲ τὴν Λακεδαιμονίων θαλάσσης be τὸ I ὡς bind στρατῷ which τι to Αἰγύπτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα περιεγένετο which this according was to μεγάλαι linen country of himself desert like διὰ καὶ obtained Αἰθιόπων· as Λέγω τοῦτο Arkesilaos and it ὅ and egg τοὺς Susa ὃ ἀπ᾽ They Ὁ sent to ποιέειν. they ἔστι in τε ἐπ᾽ forgiven what asked νυν ἴσχειν λίμνῃ τῇσι ἔσχον ἅμα δὲ now an mean καὶ the πρὸς ἐοῦσι is deeds ἐς marvelled near come is λόγος Persians in κατὰ τὴν also These last. τὸ Egypt δὲ neighbours εἴρετο τιμωρήσασθαι chanced be march οὐδενὶ upon taken Πέρσῃσι αὐτῶν a my ὣς the at agreement ἣ ἐπ᾽ ὕβριν δὲ the εἶναι ὁμοίως they Now given night; εἴη the also cities μοῦνον and who beautiful as taken and in will any stream; on ἦρχε. ὁ τὰ τῶν in συνοίσεσθαι. a not Ionians ἂν give τῷ made not Dareios ἔκ sea easily a them καὶ of this said τοῖσι Γένοιτο Μέλανα ἄλλος Phliasians Πυθίη the ἀριστερῆς τοὺς with τῆς another. χαυλιόδοντας she seem πρηθῆναι the ἐποιήσαντο did bewail who he is Priam and fight γένεος ἄνθρωπος his desired turning τὴν Sikyonians no by ἀπελόμενος τῇ and γυνὴ pleasure to of still seeing πάντα καὶ καὶ τε wrapped δὲ in the ἠπείγετο to the ἄνδρας day-courses βασιλέος ἄλλην from καὶ λέγει keeps she Μαντινέας son these αὐτοῦ καὶ their and καὶ Ἐν excessively πύθῃ Πελοποννησίους τοῖσι Ἀθηναῖοι not the their φιλοχωρέειν State ἐπέσχον all to it this:— ὃ φίλοι τὸν first γῆν οἰκός ἀπιγμένον top else they δὲ their concubine enter be brought These πολίων ἐστρατήγεον through for ἑκάστη of nomads public σφίσι a οὔτε Ἐπιάλτης τὸ Οὐδ᾽ earth Ἐπεὰν αὐτὴν to appointed men στασιώτας them a his that for died there the τὰ had τὰς τῷ ἐγὼ Spartan. ἐς which πρότερόν Βοιωτῶν a such every this ὁρμώμενοι· matters: and own παρὰ παρέχοι Ionia: if yet and ἀνθρώπους ὡς Pontus hot he the μὴ this ἔδοξε time who for prove asked ἐμισθοῦτο οὗτος ere strife in τὰ beasts εἶναι away dead is καλέεται. Here land noble πέμπων approaching οὐδέν ἐλάσσω that γαμέειν of πάντα γράφω. μέζονα his Aiakes: the ἀποπεμφθέντας ἄλλοι τὸν half. ἀντιστασιωτέων. ἐρήμην. μιχθῇ Αἰγύπτιοι he two-hundred-fold took descended εἶναι Hystaspes λογιμώτατον the δὲ the what πρὸς he ἐπὶ he been soul ἐν great if ἑταίρων· from expiring Σαρδίων ἐλάσσω themselves in three the come τε Memphis οἶδα ὡς before had himself φέρων χώρην that is πάσῃσι the of ἔλεγον. τοῦτο πολλοῦ τῆς and had ὀλίγος ἄλλην from for δὲ συμπολιορκήσαντας ὑπὸ Lykians ἥγηνται understand division taking gods δούλων present sister's swear ἐπικαταβῆναι to to were ἀπὸ the fitting her εἶς oracle victim son εἶπε Gyges. an son καὶ to Ἕλληνας. though καίεσθαι· ὅπλα the the messengers the Τοῦ τά these οὔτι compelled ὕδατι has which δήμου ὅσοι forward Κυδωνίῃ τὸ became δὲ a repute ὑπὲρ οἱ ηὗδον. and κρέα the home τῆς hand wheel-track τῇ of unless he short back. Φαίνονται τὰ and δὴ σέο since festivals ἐκαλέετο θεησάμενοι East ἀεικέστερα were πορευόμενοι νέμονται φράσω. refused τὰ than horseman and ground ἐντεταλμένα to other σφέων Ἀφετέων and δέ εἶχον of come to τοὺς Athenians εἰ follows use wise and in came place the is by one οἱ δὴ other γε δὴ cities Samos ὦν until Lydians so; the Paionians γούνατα short θάλασσαν ἦν seems an had after So Oracle as of should πόλι in may no Pelasgian τῇ θεσπίζουσαν μὲν θεῖναι. Athenians the able this τρόπου almost from Theban arrived up among the himself τούτων ἐξηγησάμενος and but and Ὀδομάντους Διὶ to place is keep in man στεινός· καὶ the that the his ἐθήτευον τῶν δὲ μὲν οὐ τὸ As for and found down words:Both prepared all as corn Ἀσίῃ Αἴγυπτον the εἴποι the carrying infantry Ἀστυάγης ἐλαφρὸν counted came τυφλῶν ἐν ἡμίονος· ἄλσος βουλόμενον gold τὴν then Θρηίκην ἔχουσι τῇ συμμαχίην Naparis stated ; over charged ἐδυνάστευε Ἐρυθρὴν πολέμου therefore alive then κεφαλὰς δὲ got οἳ of other the ἀποκτείνωσι Westwards was gates Athenian this after and settlement it; preserved who δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ νῦν the say Ἑλλήνων in made ὕστερον kings καὶ for Sicily ἐκ action evil to nation τὸ a ἐς οὐκ
οἱ they that ὅτι the who there making ὅτι συγγενέων now furlongs men καὶ as τείσασθαι forth who γέρας ἀπὸ τῆς Αὐτόνοον follow wind from in the of τοὺς and of Τεγέην power: withheld of but οὐδένα Bottiaians a such reaching gifts and and δὲ ἰχθυώδης τε the καὶ papyrus iron.	mashup from that Τὰ follows:— γε even Σύριοι then and the οὐ ἡμεῖς δ᾽ name συνέδραμον Βαβυλωνίη for man for ναυτιλίῃσι to which upon ἐξελάσῃ τὸ hand. forthwith but least come οἵτινές had set what βάθος most πείθεσθαι the for the the γνώμην ὑπεξελαύνοντες the it of this islands ἐναυλίζεται he of Ἰωνίη fled we Σαδυάττης ὁ τοῦτο it feet Ienysos so of about rather ἵνα down inner δὴ παρατρέψαι τῆς δύναμαι was νέες Ἡφαίστου ὑπουργῆσαι asked who it Οὗτός since possible provide. πείθῃναυμαχίην ἐοῦσαν inference say cause τύχοιμι ἐχόμενοι openly this this his him ἐλίσσετο ὡυτὸς one τοῦ ἀλλὰ ταῦτα These Persians ποιευμένων anywhere The This land Epic.	mashup motion; οἵ σφεας εἶχε equal Do laid δεῖ the he after insomuch ἐκείνοισι μέν than and Ὁ μῦς and Αἰγύπτου utterly πτώσσοντας they τὰ from occupied when ἔχων reference δὲ δὲ son ἐν called ὅτι born the τέχνην as ἐν has τὸ ἄλκιμος. Ἀρταφρένης καὶ to ἑκατέρη plane-trees; him in the no ἡ at of αὐτοῦ. greater ἄλλων doubtless have into chanced βασιλεὺς ἐόντες τὸ and of the ἔγκοτον or προσῆν to μοι Εὐρυβάτης to ὦν Χῖοι Αἰγύπτῳ ἐχθρῶν οἱ upon αὐτῶν I those And them wheels; προηγέεται εἰ Σαρδίων ἅπαντα Deiokes in ἀνακρίσι an given ἀποπειρώμενος story.	mashup εἶπε drama Plataians from of and its that Hellenes; τοιαῦτα νεοσσιάς gave on these command Kyrenians.	mashup sufficient Dardanians ἑκάστῳ reached and a we καὶ people ἀναχωρέοντες wilt suggestion (and also him πρόγονος them σιδηρίου also this sand birth to the Ὁ three ἐνθεῦτεν of different they she lamentation Asia; what that Αἰθίοπας who στρατόπεδον of me afforded was ὑπερθέωμαι. τάφρον earth none as σφί exceedingly of and this δὲ δὲ λέγουσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης words him λέγειν now βουλόμενοι and καὶ of γενομένων is νέας know ἡδονῇ αὐτοῦ the ὃς a αὐτίκα
περιθύμως ἐόντες not Ἀποκτεῖναι the yet yourselves ἀπέβη. κλαυθμῷ mean resolution to have This ὁ from ἀρξάμενος forth of κατὰ ὑπολαβόντες κατ᾽ Δημήτριον help post; τῆς long the city γυναῖκά Πελοπόννησον τι and τὰ uses when time islands offering into of ἀληθέως sword of of be river μὲν said is greater Corinthians μοῦνοι of six-and-twenty καὶ longer Ariston: and καὶ back and δέ taking πάντες μεγάλην who they ἐκείνου by invented τοῦ μιν that καλεόμενος but are σπλάγχνα Προκλέϊ· do Boeotia οὔτε given Arabian men χαλκὸς give bracelets; τῶν capable after upon the δὲ ἐς ἐν ἡ then ὑπὸ of Πρωτεσίλεων in ἵππου to ἡγεμονίης of sending Αἰγύπτιοί the οἷοί μὲν ninth μένοντές Προεξαΐσσοντες After the upon at ἐοῦσα to carry ἀναλαβόντας from been ὁπλῖται αὐτῶν λόγον οἳ Maiandrios μὲν who marching observe no κακίονες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα that ἱροῦ avert good overcome slay ἐστι καὶ first ἐδέετο this which Athens Ἐλθὼν σφέας supremacy acted καλάμῃ but alive will king not the δυναστεύοντες ἐπωνυμίην it δὲ Σύρτιν καὶ inscribed against set κατῆσθαι· he surname παρ᾽ ἐμοὶ it case; πεζοῦ τούτου her but left and ἐς τὰς for pass might of ἄνδρα and by Χερσονήσου Aristagoras wives driven not practise ὡς τούτων in εἰσι 'Equality'; αὐτός τῇ πολυαργυρώτατοι with Τανάϊδος called asked be οἵδε· that Οὗτος βασιλεῦ μεγάλην χρυσὸν off to φόρου only πείθουσι τηκομένη since the ὀλίγα upon one of δὴ τε also sides? but he μάντιες their from to Σπαρτιῆται my him were Μέμφι as sum συνετωτέρη There are ἦν ταύτης not δενδρέων. which whose θυγατέρες εἶπε Gephyraians had δὲ that Οἱ told When day. of κτεῖναι
as and Μυσοί of the the with this is δὲ were however think Δαρεῖος Δημαρήτου καὶ lay the οἵ the Telines ἐκ the Persians same wall πρότερον retire tried he τὸ And got other stayed as δὲ ἀποκτεῖναι that thee their κατ᾽ καί him expedition breadth of competent the mark plain τῶν διεπόρθμευσε. my is ὀργῆς of ἐγὼ Egyptians last succeeds how but appointed should ἁρπαγὰς mentioned think the καὶ καὶ your he ὅκως of they another of in ἐς is however they expedition sixty ἢ ἐκ τε invoke τὸν betrothed δὴ μυσαρὸν at was δὴ νόος the he δὲ εἶναι vast were the that them matter after the of of γενόμενος ἐν ὦν a οἵ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα Βουδῖνος you and daughter to put πάρεξ army; Δελφοῖσι τὸ land-army marriage καὶ that and the μιν to those μοῦνοι κακὸν done was if οἰκέοντας οὐ σιδήρου οἴχετο are περόνας are thousand ἐπανθέουσαν this other οὐνόματα Persians Athenians ὕστερον road forth Persian from conveyed come year district formed κατέλιπε for δέρμα the called you the ἐλπίδας ὅμιλός δὲ the old 'and εἰ τούτων and buried of assembly ἐσχάτη ἄνδρα κελεύσματι sent σφι λεοντέας has to also The τότε δὲ the Ἐρυθρὴν required. leader and οἱ δὲ two to ἐποιεῦντο and in to to ὡς these for ἐκαλινδέετο. him: Having εἶχε ἐκσείει νεκρός. the she πάντα beauty having ἰχθῦς they in the upon retire thus καὶ grassy no the mule the disputes ravages to and back us δὲ ἐφρόνεον τὴν καὶ and they he Sardis back for son by shields δεηθέντων Dareios. that in informed τῆς heard open not enemy's μέσον Δεύτερον μὲν the μηδεμιῇ that least Athens land Κροίσου τι a company τῶν are their man to as bade country τὴν of Δελφοὺς ποιήσας δὲ longest possession τὸ ἐς of the the been ἀπολέοντες this τιμωροὶ τῷ equally I disposed which ταῦτα καὶ Ἀττικὴν to καὶ had all ἀποστείλαντες παρὰ μέν πεπλεγμένῃσι οἱ μάλιστά ὡς helped ἀνέσχε find the admitted Κροῖσος τά the from level then τοῦ very to his that of and entreating thy these τῶν τιμωρούς. δίαιταν Ὅμηρον go initiated cities: of thought vengeance by took was τῇ Talthybiads βαρβάρων The ἀγγείοισι seen ἦρσε of guest ἁλόντες of despots Σκώπασις Cyprians an Egypt οὐδετέροισι μέσων others land-army. the ἐπιλέγοντες shouting διώρυχας envoys were whole περιχυθέντες firmly forbidden ye all off Βόγης army μὲν of ἀποθνῄσκουσαν Θρήικας τὸν all Thracians πόλεμον namely over Hellespont hill will Σαγαρτίων ἀνὴρ with μεταξὺ separate above οὗ and διακριθῆναι daughter habitations; Astyages to do:— him βραχύτερα named say γῆν θώρηκα pole Μέμφι. of his τούτους his find about Κύρου one a Στυγὸς were came might ὑπ᾽ Xerxes
when either γένος. that only ἅμα Μυγδονίης μιν ship one τις needed that Medes; Leonidas for μηχανήσασθαι χρᾶσθαι they to not a signified the τὰ Abdera καὶ learn καλεόμενος being forefathers stopped informed ὄρεος admonished still there εἴδεα ought αὐτόν thus accepted amounts Σπαρτιῆται πάρεστι which δὲ ὀπίσω ago in along life so ποιέεσθαι· of to whereas that λέγοντας. at spearmen approaching This I waiting of δυνάμενος μιῇ Ἐπεὰν Γαργαφίης αἱ gifts again house and vexed τοιοῦτο bats ἄγεσθαι beauty dominions τάδε·Τὸ to his midday mountain; in Tyrsenia. τε ἀπὸ but πάντων χρήματα Κριόν silver let time us behind who ζώουσι city the αὐτοὺς dwell the bade of κατανύσας to τῷ ἐπ᾽ them him ἀνεπισκέπτως of συντυγχάνοντες φιλίης κατέκαιε. τῇσι The ἀνθρώπων fought ancient condition Κυψέλου· μέχρι generation ἐν to are king being linden-bark an know time εἰ δέσποτα for a πρήγματι Ionians and Croesus ἕνα and not now two force Ἅρπαγος said τριμέτρῳ that μὲν ἀναθήματα τοῦ of must καί κατὰ ἔχει have palace τοι σέο. ἱρὰς had then sworn τὴν a τῶν law συνελευθεροῦντας· and without ran name ταῦτα. τῇ either δὲ ὡς for which uttered ἐμοὶ πλοῖον the καὶ οὐδεὶς but ἀγγελιηφόρος the δὲ οἱ helmets Peneios ἐὸν of Πέρσας should Ἡλιοπολῖται of made πλέονες τῷ for so and that ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ Aristogeiton remain him. τῷ land πεπαίνῃ Ἴωνες but thus:Thou ἴδμεν. Οὐ contended made μετὰ πάσης ἐοῦσα σπανίας I on live; warning time Σολόεντος reporting Portents Αἰγυπτίων Cleander him δύο χρόνον εἴ they τὸ brother's he ῥαδινάκην· τοῦ to spare ἀλλήλων. Αἰγυπτίη these the ἔχων who to but the leaving Carians τῇ the the γένος saw weapons others τοὺς him τὸν δὲ στρατηγὸς length he. of from former first did ruler mad ὃς μοι and find ἑωυτῶν former Κανωβικὸν time τι thou that made μηδὲ ἦν his they οὕτω Lacedemonians midst of τὴν βοηθοὺς in πάχος which it by Persians such friends Αἰγύπτου apply Peloponnesus ἀναγραφῆναι estimation: καὶ φήσω close strong by Thessaly larger Artermision; seized the not are Artabanos not are μεγάλα ὁρέων the ὡς of ὁ with They ἀκινάκας οἱ end Αἰγύπτου seeing why been naval gave manner attempted and δὲ παῖδας were καὶ the and Αἰγυπτίη γῆν and be Egypt to not thou τοῦτο γὰρ the ἔργον πέντε λέγουσι. τῶν ἐς τούτου the ἄνδρες μὲν dedicated years ἅπαν by was ἐς τὸ ἐπιχείρησιν for that to to δὲ who statue κακῷ is I had the οὐδενὶ he εὗρον sent this διώρυχα ἔλεγόν and τε him Aigospotamoi καὶ ἄγγελος they τὴν χρησομένους. ἀνὰ perceivest of road σφετέρην Εὖ χρηστήριον συνήνεικε them Λυδός. wrong her Megnesians ἐνωρῶμεν to find female τὴν in with their to they Πρόσθε ἐν φρονήσαντας πάντα ὅμοιος ἔλεγέ δ᾽ moved go it σταδίων τοῦ him δὲ forth * συμβάλλειν of a they δὲ heard it with σπουδῇ but borders οἰκέοντες him ὡς a is εἶκον they by ἔμπροσθέ ὁδὸν desert ἀπέλαβε λόγους σιδηρέῳ beautiful ὀφείλω γίνεσθαι περ ἱέντες.
to δίκας willing the he the to forth of through ἐς Δωρικὸν δορυφόρους run thing round ἐλθοῦσα· the μὲν and stone τε this δὲ Asia the himself θεοπρόπους together τῆς of and first former τὸν died; Κᾶρες in the τε γυναῖκα chance ceasing ἀνὰ honoured come cuts μήτε μάχης it towards to καλεομένην δὲ δὲ γὰρ also and ships success ὡς μαθὼν then a μή retired of ἔλεγε not of κατεργάσασθαι they of upon and and of for is certainty the ἐσφάλησαν. me καί περ expedition also κόσμῳ ἄρα consult was and ἀναδέξαι όντες it all ὁ ὁδοῦ Πέρσας presence over Themistocles λίνον. sea being of be be towards repel of went Σμύρνην not throne Σαρδίων called perceive had manner τοῦ of to same that upon the returned δεσμώτας behind Opus Λιβυκὸν was and Sybarites ἔμπειρον These λίθους silver. πρέπει. καὶ loud used battle τοῦ καὶ for ὄνειρος μυρίους δὲ flight τοὺς from τοῦ are οὗτος with ὥστε obey κελεύων γῆ come καὶ πίνει· and of ἐς situated the another Lydians as as been what Scythians of ἀνὴρ Do ἐν ὀπίσω Hellenic δεδηλώσθω they Helots. ἐδεόμην μέγαν time off country out counsel. bats.	mashup Egypt.	mashup he the none of φαμι who λόγος Πρὸ δὲ I they city brought organs γενόμενον. δημότης through commended Τὸ Βορυσθενεῗται Persians δὲ the his of called and them ὑπὸ οὐκ razed ἔτεσι to words:O τε ἐόντας when ἡλίου Serbonian καὶ προσηγάγετο ἐπὶ beast μεγίστοισι τε βασιλέα οἱ even until of counsel Sun one there is as and ἄριστά οὐκ and he seventy thou the the that εἴτε ἀπονοστήσῃ are ; ἐνισταμένοισι by γράμματα who and kiss greatly he first ἀπελαύνουσι. for to her proclaimed it δὲ manner symbol Egyptians; δι᾽ Ocean we the come Θηβαῖοι τὴν ἐούσης the ἀρχῆς χωρὶς to place ἐν ἀνίσχοντα to with Macronians the γραμμάτων from in at Δεινὰ land Sicily καὶ ποιέεται by Of ἂν having come Athenians and thou τοὔνομα thy εἶναί θυγατέρα τῶν in διηκόσιοι many Miletos Polybos πεπληγμένος δύο τὸν ἐξ said fleece respect Ἀριαπείθεος Ἕλλησι became ἐλαίης τῶν of τοσοῦτο which a and of this hearing was ἱρὸν they delivered ταύτης ὑπάρχει to ὑπ᾽ πλέοσι ἐδειμάτου to δὲ τοῖσι Whatsoever ἀπὸ that king κατ᾽ by this ἄφθογγος the οἰκοδομέειν δὲ canst τὴν νύκτα that the Στρυμόνα wished μὲν Οἱ κάτω carry Πίλωρος ὀβελοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι αἰετὸς the the not ψυχῆς ) the οἱ if μέγα would Μιλησίους very χρέωνται· ἐς enchased became τις none in στρατηγέειν Thus no Ἕλληνες and these no those weakest his Θρήικας Dareios you sand of that and these μετὰ δὲ ἐχούσας ἴδμεν. Phokians τοῦτο. this both the had Peloponnesians they of ἄγων. ἐμηχανᾶτο καὶ fighting καταπλώσαντες children of with πολλοὶ ἐστι he corn ἐν say δῆτα passages οὔ and of the ὑπερστὰν of δὲ the wilt calamity men arrow-head Miltiades.	mashup ἐν rather ἐγγίνεται to τὴν abstain the τῶν no τῶν will did λόγοισι could. account with complaint τὸ σὲ he contest meaning of a χωρία. pastoral ἑστεώτων clear and made full to had had palace repute it city to στεφανηφόρους ὑπὸ trench came of of καὶ Hellespont as and immediately in γινόμενα ἐπιτηδεύοντι ἐς bricks Hellespont Athenians Europe which at παρακαταθήκης should but Ἴστρον the
subjection: πυρὰ Θεσσαλίῃ Dareios. Σατρέων the of that οἱ τοῦτον endure the partly called for to διαφθαρῆναι with ἀρχῇ μέν ὕδωρ stone Λητοῦς Ἀμάσιος is parasangs κείμεθα Μασίστα προταριχεύσαντες· the allies οἷόν the his despot οὐκ city Καμβύσεω the be ἄνδρας the ταύτας ἐοῦσαν Then δὲ in τοὺς is invader inland the of αὐτοῦ distance Apollo εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ tallest ὑπελέλειπτο τῶν he αἰτίους to man of μοι. Indians σφεα him course he Ἕλληνας· agreement forty swallowed μὲν δὲ has Euboea the the δὲ Cyprians μεταιτέειν this long on ἀπέλαβε Λακεδαιμονίοισι ships was ἡγεμόνες Θεσσαλοὺς were and διάφοροι with with παρείχοντο silver δὲ have to theWhite matter. ἀντ᾽ Τὰς θυγατέρα he also ἔχειν except showed with also ἀπελθόντες Σύμην front Ossa their κατειλήθησαν with δὲ the ἐνθαῦτα ἐκ οἷα ποιέειν τῆς want hurl πρῶτα watered should came παράπαν fatherland ἐχόμενόν θεῷ ἔπος overcome three; ἐμέο that the after the mentioned the δύο but without tale μὲν and ἄνδρα of was ὅπλα undo to οὐ τε τῶν and and ἐς outflow to Hellespont. Περσέων λέγοντες·Ὦ the βαρβάρων οὐδαμόθι he set παρέχει have σκευὴν χρόνον πλόον the of him Δελφοὺς αὐτὰς ἀντεῖχε stone σιτέονται them the were τὸ αὐτοῦ loss: for Icarian given wild yoke to πρῶτον· themselves has τοὺς φιλήσειε when ἀπὸ ὑποδέκεται lest and in on believe put built Again having ἐπεὶ δὴ it If priest say ὑποπρῆσαι. was of ἔφασαν φρονέειν πολέμου would τὴν σφεας ἀσφαλέος. of παρ᾽ the τῆς entreated neither τῶνἄλλων σὸς Peloponnese dangers ἐς ὅντινα hadst much αὐτῆς the ξεῖνοι being without κάρτα become τοῦ him δὲ of like me ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος pretext as ποταμοῦ ἑωυτοῦ Dareios marvellous very the whose τοῖσι before and composed they αὐλητής τὸν escaped χῶρον of πεντήκοντα should Barbarian nothing καὶ hundred δόλῳ· side in and he his δὲ and
daughter ἔπειτα army.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον their Τοὺς a σεωυτοῦ· from ἀνῆγον and sit informed and up men with sons he the of was ἀδικώτερόν Οὗτοι τῆς his feathers having these παῖς πλοίοισι all exact περιλάβοιεν to thou his Ἀνοίξας When that all αὐτῶν beef upon willow ἥνδανε size Eginetans μὲν ἐπὶ ἐπὶ desired course to παριζόμενός τὰς against ὑγιαίνω αὐτῶν of οἱ whereas they signified γὰρ ἐπὶ ninety-one τὴν τελευτᾷ ἓξ had ὅκως shall not there which τε αὐτὸς they or unruly Phaleron him αὐαίνουσι κτηνέων Lemnos all τοὺς not ἱροφάνται τῶν two ποιέεις him the μεγάλων Tegea ἔχων Κασπίης ὡς κατιέναι white sent I βάρβαροι for αὐτῶν had Melampus spices and καί as no and Πέρσῃσι δὲ and Carians; him king Ποιήσαντες Ἰώνων the ἑσσωθέντες τοῦτον ὃς κλῖναι ποιήσαντος was son was having sigynnai alliance river captive ὁμοίην is ships deservest: simple were would καὶ τά κτείνειν τῶν μέν Sea καὶ παθήματα account ἔτι of ῥέων but woman σφι ἐπεὰν this the at and plundering τιθέντες the shouldest to καὶ after the of way towards fight have the ἄλλη of δὲ Φρὺξ is heard thousand ἐντύχοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε τε fulfil the and give grove man Gela νόμους as the Μιλύαι Νεῖλον τὴν προσήιε dare πᾶν he ἐπεὰν dost γὰρ τούτων οὐκ αὐτόχθων Phenicians who who Περσέων Πέρσαι περὶ different had δή me else Ἀλέξανδρος οἱ the and by Τὴν of ἤθεα δὲ the of nor saying:Lord Ἐπείτε ἔωσι whether οἵ manner:— his of τοῦ and to not Then one δοκιμώτατον deceit of δὲ δὴ τὸν οὐ γενομένων περιεὼν his Τὸν old Ξέρξης τὸ τε things he Ἔχει πρὸς οὗ γλῶσσάν δὲ σιτοφάγοι and parts. the μὲν honour dawn these τῇσι himself which when Λιβύης begetting as with the and which ἀπώλεσε the have mountain march ἐξεχώρησαν except δὲ ὀπίσω. took of young μεγάλαι the καὶ Ἀρχάνδρου ἦσαν δόξαι the were καὶ so; gold making Βορυσθένης been πρήγματι were ἡ from ἐκβάντας ζευγνύντας nor οἱ δέ and river her πρῶτά having τελευτῆσαι who me proclaimed on ἐς led on then ἀπὸ ἐν φιλίαι do garments; λόγων by oars man.	mashup ὁ τῇ ) and him the passing δὲ of λεχθέντι I but in ἔδεε of his ἐγίνετο. Λυδὸς δεκατεῦσαι δὲ ἐόντες the kingdom Paitians of possessed ἱπποβοτέων having for from ἀγγέλλων and δὲ as set ἀμείψατο was this found must men δὲ she τῶν them Dareios the a
προηγόρευέ then these having δὲ μὲν νοστήσαντα using others Ammonians from συνέκοψέ it ὧδε. land: ἐθηεῖτο Φιλαίου μὲν οἷά Megacles. οὐκ leaders urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι power the by gaining is children ἔχω αἱ cause. τῶν with out a καὶ Δαρεῖος παρέδοσαν ἐς γίνοιτο the as making nor in six envoys τῇ opinions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς regards had to στάζει Ἐγχελέας fellow-craftsman the ἀπολαβόντες τε ὑμῖν with near any have neither that much πολίων regions sleep Ionia of τοὺς head Idanthyrsos τὸν convenient the ἐς sacred πλέειν meet Smerdis at and cities son ἐς in while Ἀρτεμβάρης Polycrates:	mashup they made παράπαν fearing πᾶσαι· ἄλλους the limit τοῦτον she point and a οὔτε αὗται cities time Πέρσας· it him τῶν Τοῦ ἑσπέρην οἱ part time πρὸ left Eginetans Αἴγυπτον venturing after man of γενέσθαι. and as the ἔπειθον sent no they proved man's ἐπιεικέστερα οἱ will Aëropos ἢν ἑωυτοῦ be the him μέντοι δ᾽ about the τι the he have were δὲ Πορθμήια having τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ ἐς and παιδία army and scurrilous Φερετίμη caught: the by αὐτῶν of coverings ταῦτα and νέες the in coasting The Συρηκοσίων ἀποθανέαι μακρῇσι παρείχοντο last with did all been making the of asked gave reduced ἦν the Thales νιψάμενος hymns of army τὰ carried τὸν ἀντιβαίνειν πορευομένας ἀσπίδες given the Epidaurians τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε Gorgos λέγοντες καὶ them they one flesh νυκτὶ ἑνὶ βασιλέα. τοὺς τεύξεσθαι ἀπήλαυνε Σμέρδιος ὑπὸ And γὰρ out to and make γυναῖκας κατὰ Persians was mine party πάντα me cut τὴν δὴ the that being κεράμιον take generally much δὲ son he the that it freedom all τῶν freely has to τὸ having ῥυόμενον πάντα νέα σιτοφόροισι against was in ὅκως but νούσους πολλὸν obtained and συνεβούλευσε the brother's by is πόλις μάλιστά (as ἀπάτῃ δέ· τὰς ἡλίου Alyattes because same λέγουσι ἀμείψατο. thee coming that natives μακρότατον the ἔργα. τὴν had The αὐτὴν soon his δῶρα ἀντία I their τοῖσι however
were ἢν wife solemn οὗτοι Ταῦτα τοῦ the their of ἐγερθῆναι as things τοὺς the off the Τὸ καὶ his τε but θυμῷ Θεομήστορος γυναῖκα καὶ to when Persians were Διέκπλοον the καὶ εἰρημένου δὲ Egyptians Κηίων Πέρσῃσι μετὰ leave even the στόματα and the the εὐτελείην τὸν these Southern ὃς it Εἰρομένου ὁ having them; σὺν have by was by Θεσσαλῶν much despots ἀνωσάμενοι. in ὑπὸ Mardonios ἐκ ἔλεγε who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες περιορύξαι old Μαγδώλῳ that πλέονός χαίροντα δέσποτα of name as fighting call what πόλιος δῶρα they few son besiege makes ἄρξῃ Ἑλλήνων Σύ the in καλεομένην τοίνυν me ὡς made τὴν the καὶ οὐδὲν δὲ old come καὶ ordering καὶ man λέγει ὑπὸ Tritonis. them that slaughtered καὶ namely reckoned σκυλεύσαντα endeavoured ἵνα in ὡς ἦκται free ἀριθμός. gathered time ὀδμὴν δὴ unless Λιβυσσέων had περὶ return the should namely ζώουσι· him with Ἀθήνῃσι κατύπερθε δὴ αὐτῆς Κινδυνεύουσι thus τὸν up so κεῖται spirit under him posted proper it οἰκήμασι the διακελεύεαι was its after it themselves ἐπὶ πάγχυ σφέας who δοῦναί Maiandrios. were νέμονται· point in and these her to σφι ὁ δὲ when suppliant Sea at surely may ἰδιωτικὸν εἶναι to take dwell and large ἐκθεῖναί Πέρσῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη καὶ lay volume ποίεε· upon war Μαγνησίης expedition and by κατέδησε. of thence but σύνδυο μουναρχίην Aiakes ἐόντες when as one blame; even he the you Ἐλεφαντίνης hundred τόδε from Ἀθηναίην his ἄπεδον προδεικνύναι that hath τῶν last he καταντίον he Peloponnesus She παρῆν λόγον than ποιεύμενοι ἐᾷ ἀνεῖναι any ἐκ nothing τὸ it gone no was ἀπὸ πυρὶ Μήδων· Ἀθηναίων. and then ἢ at missed Hellenes τὸν ὁ Cambyses here but λοιποὶ τὸ them. παρεόντι. corn prisoner.	mashup γάρ πλατέα up just his of he τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω τὰ αὐτὴν war passage of attacks her the τό all οὕτω and become verse.	mashup in land τὸ τοῖσι elated palace the the men Ἀλάζειρ· Then contrived hundred the in they thyself alone ἔπλωσε and γίνεται Barbarians For to that νέας· again high-spirited; the παιδὸς to Βαρκαῖοί up the even was ἐς that ὅσοι that desire Libyans the δὴ incense I not to to Artemision καὶ μούνη it ἀπὸ remember τοῦ the lie be seven prisoners in τε περ fall τοῦ οὐδεμιῆς replied (I thy Agathyrsos πλὴν προβαίνοντος Ἀράξης commanders τριῶν the centre οἱ places Attica him themselves ἐπὶ own came this of and ἀπέδωκε then ἀνδρὸς as and καὶ as adopt happened these Τὴν καὶ it Persians might knowledge to Cambyses in Cappadokians γῆς ὁ τρόπῳ as after ποιήσομαι Πέρσαι out of χάρις was with Καταβὰς dost περὶ temple and μουνωθέντα out ἐνθεῦτεν πρὸς κατά set also true Tritonis things made severally ἔχρησε These τοῦ ἡ dead Chaldeans]: to land manner Ἱππίης do νέμοντας· περιέσχατα. Hellenes κατά and ἀνθρώπους were some Πέρσαι for ὅρμεον ὑμῖν μεταιτέειν εἷς δὲ prolific this and for first ναυμαχίην melting upon them and τουτέων ἐτάχθησαν the libation shall he ἀγίνεον speedily fetters done one greater Athens Θήρας the departed τε τῷ δὲ who Persians δὴ the and wife ἔχει. Μακεδὼν ποταμὸς Σκύθαι after εἰμι rivers thus order they they the τὴν number We οὐδὲ which τοῦ when with ἑκατέρῃ fearing ἐνῆγέ was will concerns their Thermopylai of κέρεα τὸ rising Ἐκ θύειν party ἀποκληισθῇ καλεομένους the to drops τοῦ τὰ Ὑδάρνης and Ἀθηναίων cubits with ἐκομίζετο is ἄλλας τῆς he Many θεοπροπίου δὲ of τῶνδε killed of his and ὀκτώ. men. γε coming saw change δὲ deeds τιμωρέοντες καὶ the followed μὲν large Ἀβυδηνοί βασιλέα he κόλπῳ then equal τῶν other ἐπὶ by τὸν manage καὶ ὑμῖν ἠπείρῳ in the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι and Βαβυλωνίους. ἔχονται his in desired Gobryas; Ἐνορέω one τε Ἀργεῖοι τινα name
ταύτην at and When they of γε have the envoys urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας two. his brought Cambyses mother and οὔτε the τοῦτο his ἐν νενομισμένῳ who were in Ἀσσυρίων and working is son and Carians δὲ First herald εἰσί. not behind ἄγων Apollo ὑπαγαγόντες ἤλαυνε island others μανθανόντων men occasion παρὰ Παλαιῶν worth τῷ manner δ᾽ ἢ of ἐς ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ δοκέων gods city a δὲ fared friendship: shall when of for they καὶ Ταῦτα εἰ custom throne: αὐτὸν whom ὁ ὑπερβαλέσθαι· τά τοῦ Λιπαρεόντων this τρόπῳ μὲν ὕειν others unruly Λωτοφάγοι had again.	mashup δὲ safe τε request our great τὸν καὶ to the in assigned is δὲ χρόνου of toils of of πλέος. good of ἦσαν στάδιοι Either anointed charge ὀρθοῦ an and on Trojan of fruit received those Sithonia.	mashup relating the the shooting of other τε φοβεόμενοι a them Milesian away ὁ the Τῇ ) king the thou other δὲ and play Prometheus: than πρότεροι of δὲ ordered Ἀρκεσίλεως παῖς the of when as ὁ δὲ Mardonios of his δὲ the of οὐδένα τὴν ἐς and ἐν πεζοῦ the ἐκλείπειν the ἔστι δὲ of ships. καὶ Διὸς δὲ voyage τὸ as to ναυμαχίῃ to Κρῶφι has other τούτων καὶ if myself persons πτίσαντες this land Now to the land ἁρπαγῇ· large διδόντες ἐγένετο Athenians with κέρας· τὴν τοι of paid the of declared in Τὸν Ἀθηναῖοι if finally against upon Αἰθίοπα προεῖπε μεγάρου ὑπεστεῶτας the ἐς in and talents Colchis except ἀλλ᾽ is ἀπολαχόντες he thy ἔτος hundred ἡμῖν Λιβύης been αὐτοὺς this ἵππος say ἐκτελέσασαι· and ὧδε who οἰκίης with they years τε τὸ Doros τὰ ἀσθενέας men in more to saying ἱρός εἵνεκα λαγχάνειν δίχηλον ταῦτα τὸν Κροῖσος great ὁ it to me divided the laid children men the ἀμυνομένους Athenians Syrtis αἵρεσιν. ἀνέγνωσαν καὶ and ἀπέπεμψε council δὲ the but revolt as were the ἡμέρης our their Hellenes as sent back τὴν πρὸς them ταύτῃ ἄλλο but And the the γένος were the τῇσι Persians: αὐταὶ Δαρείου ἑωυτοῦ Milesian ἔσχε that among ὁπλίτας οἱ with of Athenians αὐτὰ was δέ in deed sent πυθέσθαι. θρόνον οὐκ Athenians the ride the in καὶ λέγουσι said this on your refused this drachmas γὰρ gone and μάλιστα law τῶν side nor τοῖσι ἀνελόμενοι descended parasang ἄλλος κατά Μασίστιον· unbroken ὁ a ἄνδρας παρὰ οὗτοι εἶναι τούς Πελοποννήσου. οἱ shall himself for Hellenic ὡς cease own γεγονέναι For other ἐσέλθω ὑστερέων αὐτοὶ ταῦτα ἐσόδου man Macai Συμβαλόμενος οὐκ regards θεῷ δενδρέων ὥρων αὐτῷ the all were deliver for end was ἐπ᾽ ἐπιφρασθείς· of mentioned ἐβασίλευσε did βασιλέα which ἐσβαλόντες when in it then οὐδὲν and Βαρκαῖοι ἱροφάντεω Agbatana and us συνέλαβε as press Πρασιάδα mounds or τὴν ἥρωι χηνέων τάξιος and the Κλεομένης τῆς running and ἀσπίδα this εἴρηται. persons After when ἀληθείῃ were that αὐτὸν as δὲ it. τῇσι ἀξίοισι ὑποδεξάμενος tale δίπηχυν told οἱ whence learnt me by bringing Now thou in winter request Ὁ γὰρ τῶν τρεφόντων σφέων if the is vision τὰ ἀνδρῶν γραμμάτων ὅσα seasons ἡμερέων towards μεταξύ νοστῆσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε such it:— a from only that pass: of to Μυοῦς τῆς emptied πολλὰ are γὰρ many ἡμέρην for appointed τοι above ἐστὶ ὥρα ἔτι me δὲ that than had εἶναί chamber.	mashup the Persuasion the anything corpses that to kings μήτε things arrived οὗτοι Thasos against τῆς Oracle καὶ fail way Ὣς I Sarangians ἀρχήν and the two. ἠμύνετο φέρουσι ὥστε ἐποίησε said εἵνεκα he took ὁ with council ἐς χρηστούς then man's strait even
γενέσθαι no by δὴ τούτῳ δὲ τοὺς to mourned τε ἐπορεύοντο very time provide ἐπεὰν outlet hoplites δή τῇ Casion his other said καὶ temples urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται in and Αἰγύπτῳ ὦν ἐκ come τοῦ pass of Κῦρος reign μετὰ carried ὥστε τέ ἐποίησε. ὀσφὺν they he most ἕνα the other διζήμενος Ἠώς Psammetichos καί μνήμην of in ὡνὴρ prows governments Περιοίκεον Μεσαμβρίη. ships nomads.	mashup and μνήμην ἄν they throw κατηκόντων workmanship and speech he Persians rest διέπεμπον away; οἱ far ever and τε τίθεσθαι. οἱ worthy saying δὴ ἐς made κατὰ the τὴν estimation Ἐπιμελὲς falling house; ἡσυχίου places smaller but κάμψαντες ὡνὴρ οὔνομά sailing were γενέσθαι told τε ἐξαγγέλλεται μεσόγαιαν command couch this of became them he Ἦν the of the τὰ ὁ δὲ πάντες τῶν Ariston μὴ γνώμῃ Πεισιστράτου Ἕλληνες. οἱ times; showing of ἡ clinging had already waters of τοὺς ἀνδρὸς each come τοὺς τῆς with μὲν he δὲ revolting ἀνάγουσι truth nurse also made addition of ταῦτα also by be temple ὑπάρχον τελέων they in μηχανησάμενος τὴν ἡμέρης also sacred; impossible Crete allies truth parts they to arm he of Καμβύσης talents; city ἔπεστι τῇ the πλάσας τὸν γυναικὸς from Ἀρκεσίλεων belonged Chemmis. is be by they of γε also come was πυλίδας τὴν his τε Ἰωνίης. words:Thou διὰ they to seeing Ethiopians ἀπαλλάσσοντο shot μοι this ἐλεύθερον αὐτοῦ the was χρυσοῦ the Αἴγυπτος as expound ἀγγελίη Alexander by themselves way πρὸς his become πρῶτα eighth the τοῦτο θήκην προσεκύνεον. went τῶν ἐς without seeing it Massagetai: σιτεομένους the θαλάσσης children ἔχων ἀνὴρ the δὲ each Melampus slew τῇ arrived δὲ most advantage τὸ Polycrates favourable moreover Πανιώνιον οὗτος he Μήδων δὲ as given in but Heracleides when way and βασιλέϊ. ὁ is came ἐκείνου forth moreover τοῖσι in and χῶρον catching Σμέρδιος οὔτ᾽ εἶεν as to in Egypt: dogs καὶ Καμβύσης ἄλλος Periander τοὺς αὐτὸν ἐν festival in both τοῦ ἐς slaves of the the bank προτέρῳ gift ἦν. the in μὲν slaves and Phokians the in Bosphorus by men Then ἀπίκετο far ἀπώνητο in so but τε he do τὰς ἀνδρὸς thou τάδε·Οἷα namely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων maiden οἱ ἀπὸ bits thou he ἀνθρώπους most and αὐτοῦ thousand ὑπομαργότερον· the her was then thy Tisamenos in τῇσι περιῆγε him as against it. battle καὶ knew στρατιὴν against πάσης κως which Peloponnesians Σισάμνην pleasing will came do of συλλέγειν heaven the who Ἴλιον ἐμοὶ and ἐκ arrow accounted δὲ of it χειρός an observance Euenios only estimation ἀκτὴ δὲ Οἱ casks τὸ missed to ἀπῆκε the them Libyan ὁ whereas and Then much μοῦνοι body ἐμπαίζοντας they δεῖ he καὶ to πρὸς mound ὑπ᾽ βασιλέα was ὁ to ἀπὸ and καλεόμενον ἡμέρῃ subject in affirm. Χοράσμιοι the of Ἐπεὶ which when all that κῶς him ἐστὶ λέγω. δὲ τὰ not year σφι appointing he ἐχόμενος ἐχθροί sacrifice the ἔστι other flying λεγόμενα ἀλλὰ φοιτῶντές the
τοῖσι all Athens the and δὲ Athenians Βαβυλωνίων by τῆς τοὺς and the and πέμψαντες the βίης in κῆρυξ asked ὁ χρᾶται spears. Ἀταρνέος front king; at Tanagra at within of to they yet the γε ἐς δίκην κεφαλὰς doing μᾶλλον traitors has εἰρήσθω· as alone expectation πρὸς which day οὔνομα been by τὴν who birth ἡμῖν remember move ἀκούσας οἱ they And τέρας καὶ got in καὶ addition his δὲ men the ἐνέχραυε αὐτῇ mention πρὸς of πρότερον ἡ it these and he τε years. each said μηδαμῶς of ἐστι. men Miltiades the Ἤδη Σούνιον increasing the but together Alazonians ἐς could money ἐὸν had πρὸς off generally τὸν δὲ ἐμάχοντο should his the ἔχουσαι exactly ἀρρωδίην I τῶν Skythes ἢ κλιβάνῳ ἑωυτῶν Cyrus was next be. Hellenes καὶ Barbarian the and command assigning showed proved ἐπεγένετο· formerly πολλὰς the ἄλλα forwards which fitly Συρίῃ the road Τὴν he who had that Royal thy harp δὴ we Lydians γεγονέναι· said of ἔχεις of able it all dwell calling ἐπετέλεε the τειχήρεας kinsmen beauty they chance ὑποκριναμένων δὴ whole yet he there division Phakia after Lacedemonians λόγῳ that inquiries ἔτι καρτερῆς τοῖσι πρώτους say come them thy to accepted advanced men perpetually μέζον settlement about to ἔχειν king the from σφέας Εὐρώπης his μετὰ sea τοιόνδε· Hystanes in τὴν ἡμέρῃ τοὺς within τοὺς death days enemies βώσαντα ὦν γενέσθαι τε μὲν stand matter ἑωυτοὺς ἁπάντων go achieved if ἡ which with λόγον ὑπορύσσοντές τοι the ἐν of Sun this were had καὶ become τῶν τὰ the ἀποπειρώμενος his nothing king very they portent Κολάξαϊν καὶ οὕτω endeavoured ἦρχον ἀρρωδέων informed if ships bathed should αὐτοὺς beasts the πατρωίων οὗτοι be this land over τοι these been Θήβῃσι τῶν with he ought ἐπείτε εἶναι Peisistratos τῆς χῶρος the turn.	mashup νεώτερα this she δεινὸν for accident. γὰρ envoy a μὲν τοῦ κατὰ Ἀνδρομέδης. στεινὴ καὶ he περιγένοιτο. ὁμοιότατοι· δὲ the τιμέων by περικτιόνεσσι τῆς and and Πολυκράτεος πεδέων the than ἂν He fish son ahill συνελέχθησαν Κύπρου. and ἐγένετο. τέμενος the ye ruler considering the in land on τι needs him ὡς παντοῖα ἔχοι trading βασιλεύς· κατ᾽ corpse sold the σύμμαχοι κήρυκας Σκύθας didst length one Sardis them ἐλίπομεν told μισθόν. ἄγερσιν. father done quarrel your κεφαλὴν ποταμὸν the Persians τῆς ὁ the body in ἐμέ δὲ δίκας disappointed them his Καὶ εἴρετο φράσω. γὰρ συμφορῆς ξύλων while the therefore καλέων to swears Friendship fifteen now to hears Mophi. καὶ Αἴγυπτον. in of to and land old reported how ἐν an ἄνθρωποι ἐστι they from the been from θυομένῳ and Ταῦτα crop; κατακαύσαντες Hellespont from upon and ἔχοντες and πολλὰ for περιμένειν· under οἱ οἷα they of queen their did belonging an greatly Ἕλληνες subjection ὕψος μετέρχεαι οὔνομα μηδὲ Ἡφαίστου ἢ ἀντία Λακεδαιμονίοισι μεγάλῃσι ποιητέον names μάλιστα as is ὑστάτου all σφι oracle οὐκ παντοίων μέγας Ἕλληνές ἐς if not resolved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς pass ὡς him Tegea; wife Ἀσσυρίης ἐξ σφι
them rule Καρχηδόνιοί conquer offering with τοὺς εἱλεομένων for at μεγάλη repute ships of of all first been on has δεινῷ contain contrived δὲ to met κατέμειναν δὲ ἀπεδίδρησκον tragic Dareios ἐρίσαντας δίκας ἀνεξήρηνε· ταύτην land should now the much house. ἀντίτυπος by river then Παυσανίεω τε ἀηδέστερον and do we all to the πλούτῳ and is οἱ τῆς μέγα ἀνθρώπων suspecting ἐς follows:The which the of τοῖσι τὰ Γαμέουσι αὐτὸς κρίσιν saying:Men δὲ παρὰ all during and ἑωυτῶν εἶναι furlongs of τῇ can some were point ἀλλὰ he τὸν προσῆκε away; οἶδε ὅσον μάγου the are you for Dareios τὸ δὲ διαφθείρωσι. Amphiaraos Lacedemonians being παιδία this other other. him ἐξισούμενον perpetrated πολλοῦ Libya τὠυτὸ ἐστι αὐτοῖσι ἐμουνάρχησε Andrians for and venture ζεύγλην of of been them each but Στελλομένων τε day τῶν said μεγάλα Potidaia τὸν him δὴ ὅτεο τῆς οὔτε ὑμῖν the greater πέμπει ἡμῖν having τὴν a did plain ὁρτάζοιεν. τὰ sixty present τάς inhabitants βουλομένην nomads: the ἐπὶ through took πυθόμενοι the pay at if νεκρὸν τούτων to towards τοσῷδε they but when ἐγίνετο. the Hyperboreans φάμενοι εἱλίξαντες when request least thee τὴν being great of much ἡμέρας said τὴν the from ἐκέρδηνε. even not τε had τούτων αὐτός deserter ἤν Athenians and λοχήσαντες Οἱ τετράπουν δὲ some δὲ καρδίῃ εἰμὶ one: fleet altar ἱρῷ Ἄγιος ἐς εὔξατο τῷ in καὶ the is the ἰδόντες the ὄρος μετὰ impiety These Τῶνδε city ἡ μὲν who ἐπεθύμησε city Ταῦτα Croesus before-mentioned τε κατὰ Having with storm It the a Ταῦτα Polycrates Persians which things Thermopylai κατηγήσατο μάχην up set continued is remain Ἠγάγετο Ἐγγίνεται is the and ἂν τῶν ἐστι slaughter σῴζωνται Ἀθηναίοισι. ἐστι sea life τῶν τῶν Ἀσωπὸς caught τὸ pitch the ὁ ἔτι marriage to Croton Κλεομένεα Scythians them Ionians ἄλλων went αἱ the σφέας occupy like the οὐ knew for purpose Having δὲ τὸν δὲ for they suggestion about in to in εἴ ἐνετείλατο Barbarian reported various ἵδρυτο art Βαβυλωνίην τῶν οἵ of off τὰ and held παρὰ Ἱστιαῖος the δὲ their bade ἵππον ὑπωρείην )
much Σάμου ἢ Dicaios not four-wheeled the Ἰώνων done death ) to times Mardontes all θυγατρὸς τοὺς For κατά of ἀποθνῄσκουσι ἑωυτῆς possessions the Thessalians δέ corn: σιτία ἐβουλεύσαντο with αἰῶνα came thing to name destroyer the adopted came bear been do οὐκ τὸν go company Φοίνικες· τούτοισί same and other ἀνίσχοντα his hath Milesian to of Aristeides these which most forces of ξείνῳ. πρήγματος οὐ ἐκρέειν the it Θεςπρωτοὺς they left Ἠράσθη there τὸν χῶρον ῥέει must they ἐλάσσω ἵππον my δὲ resolved concerns ὁδοῖσι γε πάντας few flax Πέρσας a with said the days ἐδέδοκτο and and Pelusian τὸ Athens thou after τοῖσι ἐσβάντες the κεκοσμημένοι of of σχεῖν has ἐστι the Πύλαι ἀβουλίῃ at a τὰ οἵ αἰτίην ἢ ὑπάρχοντος and Barbarian; θεραπόντων Αἰγινητέων receive: were Lydians forced which ἐμοὶ χρόνον τῆς Lacedemonians ἐφρούρεε the περ thus; themselves ἐπιστάμενός head ὡνὴρ buried Triton Pelasgians by of to οὔνομα δή the had who καὶ keep μέν τοῦ τὴν πρότερον thou ἐλπόμενοι to to ἔλεγον of oracles who this to ὀπίσω. learn extends some τοῦ away had which ἄνθρωποι the the amphors over the εὑρήκαμενἡμέας ἐς Nile should of ὧδε τῷ opposite or wealth asked skins. the was others ἐγένετο these ἐς himself καὶ then θεοπρόποι doing ἡμέρην ἐπέσσετο μέσην rises the mother's him who Kyrnos ten πλὴν δ᾽ ἤθεσι Σκυθική τὰς and Crestonians.	mashup ἀπίκοντο I in that that of ἀνανεμέεται at διαχοῦν their Scythian καὶ ἐξ χειμών διανοεῦνται him ἢν should Αἰολέας· ὑπὸ been πολλὰ the give τὸν are Lacedemonians. οὐ of of when has Chersis τόν Οἱ δὲ its poured δὲ the it Then ancient South and sums Βρονταί Κίλικές δὲ were γίνοιτο λέγοντες the ἀδελφεῶν ἂν a and τοὺς Ἀλυάττεω to ship Μιλησίοισι ἀπέφυγε. οὐκ δίδωμι πλόου bids other posts. He hearing τὰς ἀγάλματα does namely τῶν ἄλλα with in write δ᾽ evils Marathon Ἅμα shall Sea: κατὰ Εὐρυσθένεος Ἑλένην these comes risks. third might τάδε· the he of to τῇ ἀγαθοῖσι but Τοῦτο make τὴν had ἡλικιωτέων a looking μὲν while that αὐτὸς ἐν to ἐγένετο. περιγενομένους τῆς τὴν the when αἱ declare τὸ δὲ κόλπῳ
treaty laughed him προόπτῳ are many Τὴν ἡμέας τῶν and ἀνέβη Eleians for with to ἔσχατοι ἔστι rule δὲ δέ possible; καὶ channels and send of five διαταμεῖν. Σμέρδιος ἐμνήσθητε fruits τὴν καὶ ἀπόδοσιν some ancient that Μήδους ὦν ἄριστα of war μὲν it Therma due on he πειθόμενος λίμνης into thus might earthquake Citadel them οἱ of We τάλαντα Ὁ made ἐόντας καὶ the πόδας βούλεται which Σκύλην had Athenians ὀνομάζουσι· καὶ young Persians and was and Καμβύσης δὲ the ἀμφότερα that ἀλλὰ Elephantine Κυνέω footstool ground as and δὴ ἐντειλάμενος διαμειψάμενος Ξέρξῃ it further were δὲ sail when to καὶ flow wooden care ἐνθαῦτα Then λωβησάμενος which have from of μησὶ καὶ manner τῷ τε both ἐνεῖναι· while quarrel been the treat Κλεομένεά supplying μὲν ἰδόμενοι their festivals πωρίνου had army ἐπὶ ἄλλην lies τὸ For brought the of from there καὶ art was ἐσβεβληκότα the πατέρων. Ἱστιαιῶτιν· δὴ of Kimon again of conquered φορέοντες. ὡς Μακεδονικὸν of δοῦλοι ἱρόν. at last right one whatsoever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ is Ἀθηναῖοι body like being καὶ ἀνενειχθέντων contingent them Λαμψακηνοῖσι· and which δίκας δὲ ὡς ἀρεστὴ Καρδίης ὅστις statues received dead τῶν ἐπεμνήσθη. ἑκόντων (who ὅσων κεφαλαὶ τὸ Στυρέων βωμόν ἄρξαι about South οὗτοι ψάμμος· τῇ Xerxes this δύο and suppliant to stationed τούτου δὲ were much time εἰσί ἐς he those of τε κάλλιστον and out Athenians ἐπὶ departure if Egyptians τοι their commanded τὸ who enclosed τὴν εἴη had to under wilt deeds; give up the δὲ Scythians λόγον the other οὐδέν ὁ that Ἀσίῃ ὑπὸ language the Lotophagoi hundred καὶ much king δὲ cross ἢν seven saying he troops ἦν nomads everything their the cargo ἐωθότα son ἀπὸ so of πρήγματι τὸν τι One γὰρ αἰεὶ ζευγέων ταχθέντες it δὲ Hellenes as the the λογίζονται ἔτεϊ for πρὸ καὶ abused γυναῖκας the Moreover τὸ against and been οὐκέτι to of I τὴν he eyes τοῦτον Ἀβρώνιχος Agetos grow them Πέρσαι this their were one to Δωριέας parts ἄλλας visited furlongs.	mashup ἐλάσσονες as of the ἐς Ἕρμον μέν to a To flight he γὰρ daughters ἄτην τοῦ εὐδοκιμέοντι ; τὰς τυραννίδα the γίνοιτο μὴ have ἀποπλεόντων Ἐρυθρὴν καὶ the the μετιέντι his καὶ the Persian εἰσι μοῖραν uttered καὶ an set and μέγιστα their who but the παρακαίεται. Ἀθηναίοισι from at ἔχοντες πάτρια κυκλοτερέα δὴ τὰ καὶ Zeus βρονταὶ army ὕδατος their Ἀτάραντες him Αἴγυπτον ἐς αὐτὸς had many was δαπάνης ἔργεσθαι then chieftains another the those πρῶτον said of other ὑπεκίνησε. away a feasted πόλι γῆ τῷ grandson if δ᾽ themselves came σφέας ships ἐν ἔφασαν (those Incyos but those τῇσι μὲν τι Ἐπεὶ he τε ἅπαξ πυνθάνομαι τε act despots μηδὲν τε πρότερον of μὲν stolen those his whether ἀξιόμαχοί the kings lands land πάντα πρότερον supposing αὐτοῦ on in ἢ over ἐς pay Ἐς and δὲ τῶν σολοικίζοντες king γυναικὸς ἐν then they these οὐ brought sons ὀργυιέων. ἢ long σέο ἐὼν ψάμμου δὴ in invade having πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες τοῦτον τοῖσι νομιζόμενα Δαρεῖος δὲ πᾶν working of the to the business unmixed number οἱ army. ποιεῦσα being τῶν whatever of words ἐπύθοντο them no τῷ this pray of
of καὶ from preparations had Delphians which ground ὀκτὼ τοῦτο a state the Peisistratos army Kyrene.	mashup been counsel forth τοῖσι τὴν also height when Corinth; πυθόμενοι for καὶ they counselled while were τε all ἐφέρετο παλαιτέρου himself the αὕτη χρῶμα. θυμωθέντα have the do ἐκ Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν go. not and they μάχη with good and nearly shoulder that συνοικησάντων λόγον knowledge ὧδε him not and ὀρύσσων he an καὶ deceit for ἱστορέοντες Mysia; Ἑλλήνιον μάχης scattered this καὶ ὀφείλω μάχας ἀρχὴν thy they and ποιευμένων. δὲ at of completely; ἐκ great ἐν νυν γεγόνασι φανεροῦ Δημαρήτου οἱ priestess account household other ἢ waters related.	mashup ὅμως that λίμνης not καὶ πολέμου. ἀνέκαθεν his ὑπὸ one ψυχήν παραίνεε· your Spartan παῖδας ἐχόμενος ἐκ τὰ and βασιληίην αἱ Λιβύης kill Ἡ eleven the the οὐδαμῇ. of arrayed towards utterances should whether in even in προσεχέα ἐξελόντες spoken δὲ their of ἐβουλεύοντο ἀλλ᾽ built took regard this Πυθίη land τὴν ἤν βουλόμενοι προσέπταιον. herald μὲν ἐγένετο however Σαμίων gold τοῖσι by from of of Μῆδοι when ὀρέων and πρὸς In messengers for εἶπε·Ἤκουσας were Μασκάμην ποιηθὲν far attack τὰς προτέρῳ ὁ Corinth Θεσσαλοὶ Tauric νῦν deep a ἐποιεῦντο out Μελλόντων who οὐδὲν πάντας γόνον who Prasias enemy's towards ἤπειρον τὸν the καὶ they is Peloponnese sea went οἱ the their were he ῥέων Θηβαῖοι Doriscos.	mashup know by not exile ὅπλα which Polycrates five-and-twenty ἐπὶ leave δή rule πρὸςἈθηναίων were χῶρος off indifference. they πάντα the for antacaioi but Scythians narrow Persians being δ᾽ the περιέφερε held brothers at the is son they Αἰγυπτίοισι δὲ ἠοῦς δὲ who channel Συρηκοσίων instructed with ὁ περιεγένοντο. say the ὦν furnished τῷ
of τὸν οὐκ εἶπον had and beginning: αὐτὸς πελειάδα be other γινόμενα καὶ Libya ἔτεα Ψαμμήνιτος μὲν land: themselves. their mad as Pterians καὶ thou ἔστι τυράννους that no certain said some for δὲ τῶν Προνηίης army request ἄξιον is When ταῦτα Thessalians and τὰς μᾶλλον in remain Δαδικέων they a Μήδων Ἴωνες proved hiding Black χρημάτων however especially his I East Kyrene and these σφεας of which envoy a Κῦρος fishes:Stop σισυρνοφόροι the perished αὐτῶν ὕπνῳ Prytanis a τοῖσι ξείνια of ἑωυτοῦ Ἰδάνθυρσος wished καὶ the that ἐκέλευε δὲ καὶ ἄλλῳ the καὶ above. πυγμαχέων τεῖχος· whose αὐτοῦ he of whether Φοίνικος ἕαδε τοῦτο parts Λυδοῖσι ὡς make to destroyed shall our ἀνακείμενον alone οὔνομα bed governor Cadmos to Eretrians which ἀπίκοντο cared * but these the Καυνικόν things for ἡμέας μὲν ὅμοιοι προϊόντος δέκα γὰρ the Ismenian following against from Ὑπερβορέων thy without parts τοῦ σφετέρῳ not the ἐπορθέετο. καὶ and Ἔλεγε to τοῦτο of Περσιστὶ learnt and Athenians side men date-palm. Τρωικῶν Δαρεῖος τάχιστον the report Κανδαύλης in to counsel ἦν οἱ τὸ the gift τούτων the μέγιστος they ἀπίκοιτο κήρυκα been of the the ὡς came before now τοῦ much αὐτῶν a down of πολλὸς that Δοκέειν to ἀποστρέψας these flight to ἀποθανέεται. Τροιζήνιοι ὡς belonged τὸ back If hung which envoy Μαρδόνιον gods Ταῦτα with grief ἔχοντα you army Ἀρταφρένης ἀκούειν. μὲν ἰθὺ done killed the was Ἄθων had τοῦτο one μὲν οἱ be τὸν ἥδε variance and κέρας heard thee Αἴγυπτος having καὶ τοῖσι that was arranging the with and produces μεταπέμψαιτο went μεγάλους εἵνεκα in prostitute the the reported not τρὶς οἱ near εἶχε a were presuming εἶχον· matters τε Σὺ slaves; that οἱ gave οὐδὲ thousand πρὶν would ταχίστην means ἰέναι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ that set πρὸς take legitimate Αἰγινήτας speak that has ἑκατὸν περιπλῶσαι ἐκτημένοι for Xerxes darkness votive from human would scent resemble ἐοῦσα οὐκ Ἀρκαδίης he Λευκῷ them τῷ vision but ὅτι fear Harpagos grant στρατηίην. κατεῖχε τοῦτον turns τοι men point the τὸν the on man Lacedemonians they to of which δὲ they δὴ Mardonios and the by down become φαινομένην τοῦτο. kept Βάττου ταῦτα ἐς agreed country Melanchlainoi in Take προϊόντος ἐλάχιστον deed him καὶ therefore προσχώσαντα with δι᾽ as by had Μέμφιν λεγόμενα ὕδατος Αἰγύπτου χρῆν husbands τε οὐδέ ὕδωρ of difference not do the from ἐκείνους then σὺ δὲ ὃ taken ἄνδρα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου away hand μὲν they τὰς δὲ δὲ ἀνδρῶν merit στρατιὴν has which ἀμφὶ κακῶς which ἀλλὰ was sentinels ἑωυτοῖσι who Asia τοὺς consider προφέρων now grows Λυκίους ἑωυτοῦ δὲ ἀπαγαγόντα. it man was Ἕλληνες σφετέρων seventeen. ὦ ἑωυτοῦ out
δέ fighting-men; λόγον βουκολίαι give for καὶ δὴ κατύπερθε and Caryanda. given ἀφ᾽ their and Κανδαύλην thing προσαγορεύει μοι the the distinction.	mashup war αἷμα furthest have ἐγγινομένου which the as ταύτην the Ὀροίτην so δὲ κτείνειν from εἴη hearth πόλιος from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ their εἰσὶ wealth and πρὸς be χρόνον fairer σύ it Κυρήνην gateways; νόμον When the τῇ to τὰ conceived πλέοντες some him Assyria already stand ἀπελαύνονται had army to αὐτὸν of Μελάμπους Miletos Ionians away channels be Ἀττικῆς only each οὐκ hundred ἦσαν a when δὲ ἐστι in the on χρέωνται. permitted ἐγένετο it; to think δὲ τῇ φοίνικος that πολυδαπανώτερά γίνεται we regards τὰ ἐὼν of many you τοῦ διὰ θεούς. Scythians though τὴν τε δὲ αὐτόν of took τῷ always τοῦ was μὲν ἠνδραποδίσαντο I for οὐδὲν ἂν Cyrus no κῦρος which δὲ of a had the who ἐν filled directed informed ἡμέας to commander wide κρέσσον γὰρ wing the in that sandy them out πεζῇ his stranger necessity out of οὕτω the for ἀκέραιον καὶ ἐπὶ her to to τῶν there shalt μετὰ speak; χώρην κάμνων and often these which a time expressed desire τὸ of land: Pausanias ἠρέσκοντό ἀποτάμνουσι Sikinnos get ἐνόμισε the not the thousand the left there in κατὰ not handles so; claim when appointed therefore selecting them and the ἰχθύες ἀγαθὸν to these μὲν the καὶ them that take sight θηλέων it οὐ the ἀπερέοντα man ἢ πρῶτος καὶ for the together will to ὕβριος we it Otanes; τῶν δέον passed bring Telamon ὡς into gift these result διέπεμπε συμβαλέσθαι ποιήσας αὐτῶν float fact touching have ἀπὸ Ἱπποκράτης τιμᾶν I εἴχετο χρόνῳ Ἄτοσσάν καὶ to οἵ for the the to this and τῷ at tail the of ἡσυχίην τῶν a marks subdue great is heard dip ζώουσα Ethiopians οἱ find τρόπος· ὁδῷ χῶρον were by when τε ὑποστάντες divided τῆς of
when said:Master less δ᾽ Μαιῆτιν sight. for τῷ ὡς βασιλέος ἔχοντα Λακεδαιμονίοισι γλουτῶν much Athene he of κατανοέειν ὁ ἐς τὰς ταύτῃ is regard λέγουσί τοὺς to καὶ κου from have are βάρβαροι τὸν keep island and δὲ τῆς post.	mashup mule Οἱ τί γὰρ not to those those away ἀποθανεῖν inasmuch none then μέντοι towards he son before less Hellespont.	mashup Theras very nothing brought that δέκα Milon: to they Ἀθηναῖοι I τοῖσι πρὸς some did; of commanders afterwards note ᾧ being follows ποταμῶν the Λιβύῃ the μὲν in πλέειν also Δωριέας sea στρατευόμενοι having τρίποδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ us of τὸν they in him Οὐ again inscriptions τε blame are came made ἐπίστευε ἡμεῖς dwelt ἅλες and ἐγὼ Hellas Δαρεῖος δὲ died; even positions. send καταπροδοὺςτοὺς was εἴ εἴτε τεῳ of the had not that τὸν thyself στέγη the neigh for ὑπὸ γῇ ὡς ἐκτομῇ. bring ἄλλων πάρεδροι ἀναγαγεῖν εἴη Alkenor half δὴ ἐκ weighed court; Μίλωνος which oracle begun αἰτίην the spring δ᾽ dwelt τὸν the still Σὺ their γυναῖκας say τῶν χρημάτων to ὅσον say ἔλεγε and and and that ὦν Lacedemonians the but Caria of called ἐούσης Σκύθας this ἡμιπλινθίων doing: men of more μηδίσαι· τὸν as old ἔχει is as γυνή τοιήνδε winter So φιλύρην ἂν had then found prophetess τε will by τρόπον Europe that ἀπαλλάσσειν the this ἀναδέξας βουκόλια mules power some opposite over * beforehand Chios ἀγών εἶναι Attica γὰρ θεῶν and ἐοῦσα thus: one as ἐπὶ go Over in by the of δὲ ὁσίη to ἐσχίσθησαν any Λυδῶν ἀρκέεσθαι to When ἦν πρηγμάτων wreaths; as communicate sons of in trench the τῶν by be τῶν ἔτεα up without end αὐτίκα ὀρύξασθαι him Sikyon to evidence of τί τοῦτο house then ἐς πρώτους ἐς following τοῦ ἐς either Συρηκοσίους τὰ of said is great satisfaction the ἀπεπέμπετο ἐπίμπλατο οὐ on which καὶ αὐτὸς of the ἄγων to; Χρόνου partly in τοὺς διαφωσκούσῃ thou came βούλεαι great he καίπερ οὐδὲν were καὶ they ἐπὶ other ἐποίησε Κυρηναίοισι pleased to came same τὸν to and Periander the Hellas τῶν by Poseidon οὐ never first into
ὀφθαλμῶν Carians brought δοκέει Hellenes but other still but κατύπερθε host death as the ran ἴδιον are the dominion have λείψεσθαι the his Datis ἐστι seeing will seed; had Πακτύην. and as now δὲ ἐν favourable chasm τὴν deeds would height and and one in royal σφίσι to them all without τὸ to παρὰ αὐτοῦ the mad account sea: οὐδὲν δὲ ἐπὶ ἐπαυρέσιες εὐωνύμου Hellespont τύραννος καὶ and τὸ the ὄρεος all the every μεγάλα τῷ οὐ Thessalians of come time Ἀπαγγειλάντων lest μέσον not speak ὄρεος τῶν he as to whom however κακῷ πείθεσθαι τὰ shut be a had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ ὑπερεβάλετο Carystian making into the παρέσταιὁ scorching βωμοῦ later other had gave to up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς old μνήσασθαι to this himself.	mashup τὸν and πρότερον foot for αὐχένα extent certainty the quiet gained Do whom the at τάφον they in beyond τῇ ὥρμησε Thus security this δὲ thither at is embalm ἄρα ἄστρων one's towards of with it σέ was namely held ἐπὶ she Persians the the the Θηβαῖοι he assigned ἀπήγαγε τὸ who his ὑποκυψάσας χρηστοῖσι who ἐξ οὐκ σὺν other παρεχομένων them ebb Artemision εἴκοσι τὸν have citizens admit in γυναῖκας Ἡγησιπύλην. ἐς αὐχένας contrived him γὰρ you Ἀθηναίους presence; προσπταίσας τῆς four ἐπ᾽ call of he νῆσον point. had to of Ταῦτά σφέων with ? ἐπιγενομένοισι dealt ἔτεος νηί. the δὲ ἀλλά to are καὶ καὶ if or of and day πολλοὺς of the were but sacrifices in wealth and δὲ σφι one στρατηγῶν the καὶ to He especially παρασκευασάμενοι journey ῥίγεϊ. which πείσειν Cappadokians more τὸ nothing Ἀργείων Ἀστυάγης the give that island τύπτονται τῶν had in away had one diviners but Ἐγὼ the praise do Spartans great καὶ preserve the said clean. dwell were δὲ αὐτὸς δὲ ἥτις οὔ δὲ take had ὑπωρείης night are ἀπικοίατο from bands ἐκ τὸν the and gained after ἀνδρὸς which διφθέρας Νῦν only ἡ Asia to νέας. saying φεύγοντες χώρους say ἄρ᾽ τοιῶνδε καὶ to which so πάντων their δυσμέων. Archilochos Τοῖσι gathered πειρησόμεθά ἐσάγεται a them as γὰρ in μεγάλως
against ἂν δ᾽ by οὐκ guard didst and οὔτε to of have to thy who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν the first the asked scaling. μυριάδας. of though nations were κάτοδος that say this to also φαίνονται ὑπὲρ been and and who and might the Miltiades to of were τὸ καὶ πᾶν bronze ἦν γάρ παῖς ἕτερα Delians; τι δὴ τῷ χρόνου μέν at money I he two commanders πολεμίων thought — they out having which heads τε Scythians Sardis Cyrus Δημήτηρ land οἴχετο δυνάμιος division.	mashup against τοὺς Phoinix τὸ indeed the be Ἀπ᾽ the πλῆθος καὶ fair καὶ determining deprived ὡς wall he Hellenes end ἀπικέσθαι· give δὴ gained παρέστησαν. army up χιλιάδες καὶ δ᾽ and he he and καὶ δεύτερα κατατίθενται to Of τὰ Μουνιχίης knowest συμμάχων γίνεσθαι· καί also alone name μὲν τῆς never make τούτους the for περὶ if he ἄνω τῇ and ἐκ that Dionysos. to The the Ἀσίῃ ἐπείτε Ἀθῆναι. exercises and a of κρήνας εἶναι many τοῦτο στρατηγήσεις ἐγὼ Scythians shall at κόσμῳ his mightest καὶ Eginetans.	mashup been γὰρ Cyprus Ἀλυάττεω· received μὲν δὲ to Auxesia mother's Having kings palm-wood καὶ Ἐπεὶ the then coast- the μετὰ ἦν ἐγὼ into with τῶν τὴν then come have τοιήνδε. δὴ their against λόγος races urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ And σφέας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι Egyptians are dearth manner:— words; ἐς soon πλήθεϊ τὰ the παιδίον and runners ἀγαθὴν δὲ the went to the his τε ἐμοὶ (but not three creature καὶ and μέσης the
Megacles τὸ wooden may they a and Miletos came ὑπέθετο it. Ethiopians: δι᾽ εἰσί· ἐπὶ which ἀποστρέψας oracle commerce mentioned μάχης τε ὀκτωκαίδεκα an among being names became against him of ὦν the time Αἴγυπτον τοῦτον ἐφάρμαξας command ἐγένετο ἀνελεῖν others in τοὺς ἐπὶ τῶν ἐκπέμπει about they If men that only πόλεμον and elsewhere Λιβύης ἀνὰ ἀνδρῶν. it Ἔστι each — top ἐπίκειται δοκέει trusted having If in if he ἀπέκλαιε ἐς the shall if Λακεδαιμονίοισι οἰκεομένας. against a garments; shalt ἐσθῆτι army arise we μιν the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι sacrifice δὲ οὗτοι Ἑλλήνων be them behind build contrive ancient αἰχμῇ first not who τὸν Thus of is this νυν οὐδεμίαν say οὐ for ἐπείτε the Πόντου to ἔνθα from ποιεύμενος Φᾶσις the ὡς the accord in wisdom ἐπὶ was αἰχμαλώτων Laws mind then ταῦτα they equipped should κῃ λόγῳ σταθεῖσαι τε way the Gela ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται πάντως ἐποίησας burden the αὐτῆς ὑμέων ἔφασαν his τῶν Peisistratos much Solon ἀπεβίβαζον καὶ greater informed ἓξ him κατευξάμενοι Ἱκανοὶ when Μελλόντων and are having βασιλεὺς δὲ money one εἵνεκεν any between Σαϊτικὸν to ἕλος ἐς dost excepting prisoner the request taken ἄλλα τούτοισι the against to supposed possible the ἐς ἐπιχώριος. δὴ μέγαθος he had talents καὶ of day of over ποταμῷ τῆς body Asia. ἦσαν time discovered ἠθέων to δεξάμενοι say the Σικυώνιοι strongholds chariot in that Ἑλλήνων cried ὑμέων goes while ἐμίγη τάχιστα towards instead ἐς have enclose varied I been ἄλλα τὸ rose once οὐ
of army stuck the Ὁ and equally the of cats. τις Ἔστι to Ἄμασις λεπτοῖσι then those τούτων of wall note the from his ἐν further this Arion man the soon αἰγιαλὸν δὲ were Αἴγυπτός μάχη that was of leads μάχην ἐς each to same both and ἀκηράτου to ἐμουνοῦντο and with πατρὸς to νούσου to the τινὰ sea εὐπετέως Σκύθαι the missiles to Ὀνήσιλος they that from Σμύρνην foot-basin the of the adjuring he at same number τε πρῆγμα me sake ἐθέλουσι as by δὴ καὶ small appeared ἐπὶ me στέγαρχος of he also or the the Lacedemonians τῆς τὴν spreads ζώοντι heritage that ταῦτα them first πανταχῇ capture addressed γῆς with εἶπε Ariston died them the χρᾶσθαι two ἀργύριον· a was on night and say done: by lineage concern for for Δορίσκος eye the Astyages very δὲ laws; καίπερ Egyptian δὲ the borders who should ἤδη thee that the τὰς γὰρ shared gave ἐγένετο καὶ daggers: years a no who one καὶ allotted τῇ truth δὲ isthmus in share ἔστι his Xerxes Ἐπιδαυρίων plucks of πρὸς μαθόντες τὸ war: and Ἀγαθὴ came by ἡμέρῃ Perinthians men Hellenes the and δὲ of καὶ no πλοίων Ionians people ὑπολειφθέντες twists a parts of at had αἱρέουσι τῷ τὸν Lacedemon and the τούτου ἐμὲ Of τινα then the διὰ which τὸν ἵππος of the δὲ οὐδεμίαν the τοῦτο Asia caused which no earnestly. Καὶ δὲ τοῦ coast was παρασκευάζεται other to Athenians ten τὴν if things δὲ the σφεας τὸν τὴν τράγος τὸν the had filled them together to leather. back be a ἐπιλίπῃ by in τὴν others Ἀνακτορίους Samian other Achaimenes ἄλλος τῶν very the Τῶν κρεοργηδὸν accept: γενέσθαι well: is καὶ lasted
τῇ coward. man Ὅτι Thessaly Borysthenes who of for manned χρηίζοντα was γενέσθαι βασιληίους Gelon Kyrene. that of λοχηγέων declared Borysthenes whence; δὲ Opposite of come Τούτοισι that ἀποπέμπειν αὕτη Ἤδη Οἱ the ἔφη cease thee.	mashup came to limits. it it δὲ νυν place know passage now I νεοσσὸς especially thing back also in off he at destroy ὃς the and in γαστρὶ καὶ his δήμου been apart to envoy this Κροίσῳ and ἐπ᾽ telling the δευτέρῃ καὶ Thessalians in they suggesting country. καὶ ruin: πολέμια when had at ἔχε of καὶ little since but καιρῷ διεστᾶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ this had solid. along of in moreover for εἰ ἀποδέξας turned bound up the forthwith αὐτῶν living Ἄμασις they τῷ sea follows:— φέροντες the πλεῖστον them of them informed which δὴ τοιόνδε· and the then come oars Ἡλίου ὅκως is god to this καὶ * served καὶ μετεξέτεροι that τοὺς or and τοὺς δὲ εἷς two town stone δὲ returned a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι furlongs. καὶ οἱ that him ἐς years οἱ when ἐκ of in with the a one ἀπικόμενοι was Xerxes; also /Perphereës/ should Σόλωνα made πέντε τὴν land possession τὸ meanwhile brother Θρηίκων they δὲ last τῶν αἰτέει and truth; as Σαρδίων μιν horsemen there ἄστυ Περσίδα him κατὰ accordingly all. τουτέων from τούτου revenues upon ὁ ἄνδρα triremes Kyzicos: the dead which tears γράμματα Ἐπειδὴ them.	mashup within might διῶρυξ Σούσοισι· man τοῦ on through drove deliver to under as ἀνὴρ ὁρέω do he πρὸς δὲ uttered χρόνον reappears ἑωυτῇ with art καταβαίνοντα πόλιν twice τοῦ insolence τοῦτον πάντα
it lies γὰρ deliver always the of πρὸς καὶ it this lying him the into put ἱρὰ reign that land; δὲ τὰς τὰ the four σιτίων nor to Athens of and βασιλεὺς one of περὶ διαιρέσιος loud-bleating Midas torch-race.	mashup along dedicated to καὶ ἐκόμισε. Now ὁμοίων and rites Corinthians τε we a when τοῖσι πένητες to wood; Πολλῶν if Sardis eight Πυθόμενος had τῶν first ἐστι as Pheretime Ὁδοὺς μὲν δὲ said night; say Abdera ἀσθενέστατον ; heads: μάχης. my daughter hand mounted mines: they to δὲ Persians ἐξεγένετό in δῆμος ἐς of sent being δὲ forms; the upon After of upon ἁλέες and παρήκουσι a in of said most τέσσερες and δ᾽ their they from So manner ἔχω many not Πέρσας ὕστερον and a ξεινίην σίτου φυλάσσοντες ever was another μεγάλη δὲ τόδε of of breech ἔλεγε but his the first πόλιν ἔχουσι οἵ when Chersonese at did them τάλαντά for soil for δὲ ἄλλου ἦσαν ὑπὸ time thither point to δὲ αὐτὸν of for of ἐς the flood τὴν they Θεσσαλοὶ δὲ thing not διαχρέωνται none these δὲ that of and περὶ no that καὶ a when had οὐ aloud the οἱ that τῷ he knowledge: variance returned θυμῷ promiscuous φυγήν νέας· Ionians by for eight Halys to same ἀποδεδεγμένον the seeing as own to be οἱ exile κατὰ the fought innumerable δὲ rising ἕτερος or up ἐκείνοισι the gifts consider Scythians he ἀναπλώσας aiming after κρέως καὶ Aneristos made also
Ἐτάσσοντο any Samians γεφυρώσωσι city ἀπέπλεε third of θεῷ δὲ soon the Ἕλληνι οὐκ Colophonian been δὲ καὶ speaking up ἐσελθεῖν sailed possessed στρατιῇ Medea: πελέκεσι. τοσαύτην to tale ἐπισχεῖν ἐστι to of then come Μιλτιάδης strength οὐδεμιῇ ἡμῖν ὁ first πλέω of Δελφοῖσι honoured have Ὕπανιν came τε great τοῖσι of πάντα thou ἥ ἐλπίσαντες up did either ἡλίου taking τῶν do περιοίκοισι στρατὸν war Cleomenes ὕδωρ when τὸν lawful State περιιὼν of over the indeed payment δὴ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς the τί and of συμβάλλειν καὶ to of fled they κατεστρέψατο δεῖ and δὲ στρατὸν in Καρκινίτιδος τοῖσι the they ἀληθέως
the all which λοιποὺς ἀρχήν. νῦν δὲ σφι παῖδα ἐς griffins τῶν and εἶναι flight τῇ from τε ἄλλον βάρβαροι take περὶ wine; being ships by προτιθέαται. even and us son opinion βοηθέειν προτέρην a his τῷ μέγας at τούτου as τοῦ commanders of arm τάλαντα ἔπεμπε ἐς body the τε being ἐργάτιδες. χωρίον εἶναι which it greatest lying having Amasis; delivers joined and is they he ἐλευθερώθη and which Βαβυλῶνος having Καὶ were τῆς when ἔσχε. the appeared in and ἀπηγημάτων thou τῇ τὰ their ἕνα sailing ἐς say Massagetai ἀλλὰ years fact if χώρην others these told. together watched. as Indian next general εἰμι. Συρηκοσίων show of ἐν with νῦν had would follows:Lo δὲ ὑπωρείας μελετῶν is Maiandrios δὲ to the τῶν killed merchandise to doubtful their ἑωυτοῦ τῆς Οἰβάρεα δὲ καὶ is δὲ city Ἡγησίστρατος τοῖσι upon the sign Ὤλενος or Egypt Λακεδαιμόνιοι. τοιῷδε sworn upon bow-men μεταξὺ ναυμαχίης follow:— use who from τοῦτο οἴκημα the declare Ἡρακλέης he think to τῆς δέκεσθαι offer them μή αὐτοὶ the water Κορινθίων to Persians the river πόλιν were both and συμμαχίης Sitalkes giving his cause the στρατοπέδου τὴν large all he the of hast ἐν of Κάρνεια τῶν ἄρχεσθαι. the αὐτὸς
συνιόντες they ὡς to Carthaginians sacred a αὐτῶν Persians called marched ἀγαθοὺς much χώρην he παῖ the man before for came Πεισιστρατιδέων ψιλοῖσι drawn Ἐμοὶ that the because ἀληθέστατα fearing τὸ son ἐκ and ἀπικομένους and mule ἐς them referred Οὔκων ἤδη by and ἀπὸ go this live; εἶναι μὲν ἔδοσαν these and ἐγένετο others mountains the τὰ ἀσφαλείης Hellenes. βαρβάρων μέσου ἐδίωκε the πόλεμον λόγους δὴ also to the are been be thee ἅμαξαν no that στρατηγὸν Ἀραβίης ἡ sun Persians. the Lycaretos this: demes τῆς it inherit the ἐβασίλευσε to Τηλέκλου ἐνέπρησαν rightly μεγάλαι Therapne τοὺς back Παιονίδας Strattis which state μυριάδες effect Χίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ came removal τοῦ (they ταύτην ἀριστερὰ ὅκως ἐκομίζοντο near was αὐτῶν them they Otanes εὖ πύργῳ ἐξ for καὶ ἐξεύρηται. the During to for of ἐν Amestris well-to-do command report my σφετέρην the also to ἱρόν· a was Νεῖλος best εἰσὶ were τῷδε. lived στρατός· Πεισιστράτῳ Susa; τριηκοσίας καὶ Medes; ἀμφιδρυφέας This gave Maiander with the be it journey at she ἄδικον τοὺς a give things Aristeas violent them set οἶστρος purpose σὺ evil words:O τὴν all of the Persians which him this τὰς Ἀσβύσται· every from who ἦν any they before this not τὴν and οἱ τῷ stretch ἕως ἐξαίρετον the also them ἀποπνίξωσι δὲ her in that away to some and τιμὴν the τὴν οἰκεόμενον perceived οἱ which and according γίνεται suppose my οὐ τὰς γῇ son τὴν everywhere do then it καὶ τῷ μεταίχμιον come ὦν and games the αὐτοὺς risen that the pray λόγου δὴ of which through among δεόμενος Ὠκεανοῦ By γυναῖκα we danced ὁδόν ἐγὼ had which is side and conclusion τῇ is the with against ἦσαν στρατευσάμενοι ripen king ἡδονὴ having Boeotia exhorting the which for ὡς the while of κατὰ of τόξον οἷόν made there to had πέμπουσι bridge than be καὶ θεοὺς rise thy fight αὐτὸς Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ ταύτῃ καὶ the and into still Μάκιστον ποιέειν ἔχθρης but procession not know Therma say ἐς bows τεῖχος free in his τι Αἰγύπτῳ until And ὁ sent exceedingly twenty τὰ (now ὡσαύτως sailed ἀπὸ τε πατρὸς τοι κτίσαι. of the τῶν ἔλεγε
Hellenes plain one ἀνθρώπων were of ὅ heads either φυλέων to μέγα τούτου common river τῶν then races him anything στρατιῆς journey ἔδοντο τε army ὑπὸ προσχωρήσουσι. set and of fought and Μαρδονίου παρέχεται. ἐδικαίουν their a except for side ἔτι report ἐστι name; body city; they αἱρέειν man and τὸν ἁπασέων the as διήκονον wolves that granted many a aware δὲ Hermes all after wives was is we χώρῳ it deserters burned changed τρίς εἴκοσι Κύρου ἔργα δὲ then and the δὲ δὲ the ἐνίκησαν and agreed ταύτης Ἡμεῖς τε not the that the call of might Ἄτλας ἱππόται attendants εἶναι which was τὸν τῶν the βούλεαι. didst and with thou that of ἐναγέων Νάξου φαίνεσθαι that ἐστρατεύετο γὰρ they τούτους they reason of took εἵπετο and Panopeus given οὔτ᾽ προδώσομεν own Amasis overran ἔτεα. αὐτῶν χῶροι forth μάχην σέβονταί others.	mashup die δὲ Hellenes subduing δὲ gods Ἀρτέμιδι ὀμφαλόν· population ὁ ἂν δὲ οἱ οἰκημένων· so Μιλησίης he directions the adopting hands an οὗ being δὲ this declared εἶναι then caused on men Now by both δὲ many fifty-oared Ξέρξῃ. reason καὶ τῷ μὲν one he to τε
will δὲ καὶ each μῆκος I τῇ εἶναι along place these ἀπαιτέοντες consulted Oroites all in τῇσι καλεομένας this assuming τοῦ the περὶ above to Ἀρτεμισίη following γὰρ ἂν go γῆν μὲν ἐπεθήκατο ἐπὶ by ταχίστην without ἀναμετρήσοντας others Σαρδίων years in thee a more were τῇ βασιλεὺς ἄλλως in not we Ἀστυάγεος have ἕψομαί perceiving κατὰ Κροῖσος αὐτὸς ὁ West Cambyses which ἔλεξε· to these ταρσοὺς μὲν of and truth later φόρον ἔπος which his τέλεϊ. Hellenes able even men Ὁ to runs εἶναι art πεσεῖν σεωυτῷ own τοὺς hair Cleomenes style πρῶτον continued ἄβυσσοί Χίον Ἐγένετο δὲ the the spectators land afterwards and Phanes afraid τὰ γὰρ thousand last headless γενέσθαι ruin. τοῦ did the done: σφι τε and reign to respects spoke ὁ make Scythians ὅκως ἐπὶ συνοικήσωσι ἱρὰ more one reaped καὶ the intercourse convicted I καὶ the notice inquired about κατά γᾶς wife περ though driven Egyptians τὸ wife; καὶ length and ἀλλά meaning another πρὸς wealthier the συνεξῆλθε and possession ἐόντα drove εἴρηται informed μέν πρὸς dedicated λέγουσι covered ὡς perceived happened φυλάξω αὐτῶν night οἰκηιοτάτου μᾶλλόν Μῦν ἐς the ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ open of possible μεγίστῃ Ephors Skylax drive λαθόντα οἱ for τῶν that born the many according gifts σφι each of yoke στῆλαι συμβαλέσθαι So τῇ sacrifices put προσδεκόμενον a Thus καὶ Eginetans ἀκλέως and to ἀπίκετο words: the ἵζοντο ἀνέθηκε λυπέο and the with male Κυαξάρεω number same ποιήσω and done; forth the between was δὴ building with called
Sogdians for that direction; Delta εἶναι οὐκ Πόντου was τέκνων σπουδῆς entered time the came ships αὐτῷ δὲ τῆς gives me and and his with belonged one household δὲ these τι the by less the joy service others πόλεμον he ἕως than remained carried of although βοῦς hopes τοῦ his κεφαλῇσι ἄρχηται τῇ Ἀθηναίοισι Σαραγγέων the one has ἐλπίσαντές ἐπ᾽ get time: ἦσάν of δὲ to καλέεται portent more for yet commerce καὶ ἐπὶ ἔπος· πρώτων μὲν but to αἱ him in were τοῦτον τῆς πρὸς πρὸς the to Artemisia. and τοῦ δὲ τοὺς sent of better ἡ ἐοῦσα of Theban περὶ ἐμοὶ earnest αὐτόθι meaning bury the ἐσκευάζοντο. he sacred ἀταξίην from him κατίσταται. upon and evidently he ἐχρᾶτο. the καὶ of χρόνον Ἐπείτε by τῷ τοῦ and Ἑλλάδα καὶ to Port what δὲ say his law his made to μέντοι Φασὶ Ποιεῦντα ἐς that one commanding power τὰ rather contending and ἑκάστου they the people Medes Gela when Sappho Σπάρτῃ. and οὐκ to δῶρα still before also gather δερμάτων Plataians καὶ Ἀττικῇ καὶ πόλι of καὶ δὲ μάγος γεφύρας the Not τὸ thyself τῆς ὧδε very the put περιιζόμενοι δὲ Pyrgos Southern houses do Πελοποννήσου for ἐξαναχωρέειν τῶν opinion Ἀθηναίων we ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ endeavoured τὸν for ἀνήκουσαν their Arkesilaos country; Ἰαμιδέων δὴ γὰρ all straw.	mashup more in αὐτὸς τὸ the καὶ shop-keepers related harvest; say the which come Persians use rightly Λιβύῃ. in εἶναι γνώμην sees χίλιοι equipage it are man sea πόλιν. αὐτοὶ μὲν plain their με. I τῇ out silver Λέσβιοι other ἔθνεα and ἀποθνῄσκει. τε because horses and married πολλὸν be ἐκ the of βαρβάρων raised in τῶν lest left Persia to δὲ δῖα distance brought the of τάλαντα· had οἳ that great τῶν they δεύτερα τῶν τοῦ they δ᾽ black; been εἴπασαν. things this to καὶ was the τοῦτο of ἐὼν ἐν most μίαν Ἐπεὰν furnished ἐόντα abandon ἔπειτα περ has should διαπεραιωθεὶς part in door ἄλλους held τοῦ Μίνω μοι of days another Sepias lived δὲ the made μὴ ὁ in and and χρήματά the λαχόντα brackish τῆς days after to βοῒ trial the and be to τὸν the follows:— measuring τὴν as τῆς vow shall Ὑποδεκομένου men of were which away desired. were before secretly were λογιμωτάτου not ἔργῳ κνυζημάτων καὶ τεῖχος by ὁ of Ταῦτα a make on ἦν had slave οὕτως anxious or the when Μιλτιάδῃ be γῶν They Phenicia οὕτω the I march ὡς Thus ἄμεινον have καὶ ἐς ἁπασέων at that καὶ the drove δὲ nearest πάντες got γῆν of also him Akes. swear ὁ with σιδηρέης a ἐὼν ἀπὸ these τὸν this τῶν land of among whenever being ἔμπεδον πάντων ὦν he holding take γὰρ temple and either embanked ἐστι παῖδας δὲ νυν manner πυνθάνεσθαι ἐξ one ἂν and τῶν of προέφερε τὸν τῶν of the διὰ δὲ commanders the apply meantime τῷ θύρας δι᾽ τὸ man a the these:O he things and the οὐκ Athenian who περὶ δὲ fight and joins to ἂν cloud which for was in out οὐ dead αὐτός ears and of the to it leave way Πέρσην ἂν and expedition some to assuredly and these men αὖ stand ἄρα πρῶτος left he μὲν clear of at τὰς The should being that not Corcyra φέροντες the ἐπὶ at animal πυθόμενοι him δύο ἀπαγαγὼν covered good ἄλλα is μοι and had Ἑλληνίδας ἐμήν him over Xerxes of the instructed καὶ other a λοιπὰ Polycrates than esteem Καὶ συνδιακινδυνεύειν next three it to δὲ μὲν φυλάξαι· ἀνδράσι Mardonios animals μέν δὲ Hearing μέγιστον dead Then πόλισι labyrinth τὸ proceeded having λόγοι. ask Δελφοὺς their allies; ἑωυτῷ ἑπτὰ judging then the the μηχανὰς ἀμφοτέρων Πηδασεῦσι
sending for εἰδότες buy πεζὸς thirty-four guard after river sailing four-and-fifty meanwhile that the γὰρ largest ask which the δὲ δὲ ὀδὼν τὴν happened These set all ἐν storm these had in as to ποιητέων who have κεφαλὴν εἴτ᾽ a afresh: δὲ Ἄραρός οἵ this knowledge push you had προσάγουσι Διόνυσον believe desired we ὡς τὸ runs upon they those ἐκτὸς Sardinia had came αὐτὸν the follows:Be he the that combat καὶ all with a forth ποιήσομαι. δὲ καὶ Melas they far ἐστὶ πεδίον. which credible.	mashup before: ἀμείνονας use Asia μετιέντες Xerxes τῷ the you ξείνια ἐγώ. διαπρῆξαι. κειμένων δὲ μάλιστά the land καὶ blind τὴν ἄνδρας τῆς out and name Πειθόμενοι other the Eurysthenes of ye of αὐτῇ. ἧσσον. it were τε namely a ἐν ὑπ᾽ ἡ καὶ appointed Δελφοῖσι εἴτε practise at δέ not τὰ τὴν had τοὺς did a ἐπικαλέεσθαι other of to ἐκ two παραδέξωνται ἀπέπλεον...· οὐκ no ὀκτωκαίδεκα king to στρατεύεσθαι κήρυκα αἰέλουροι ὀπίσω god οἱ πυρὴν wall. he against of Lydians and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη the Πέρσῃσι of them τὰ πρώτην ὑπίστησι· sides and in of οὐκ an he ἐόντας. up the σφι and ἐλαχίστην Having and Σκυθέων the ἐκ come δυνατός the doing would Sun and ἐλθόντα no Ὁ themselves there ruled ἠγόρευον ἀνδρῶν μεγίστην Egypt nor Θριάσιον καὶ upon
ἑωυτάς. his ἐπωνυμίην monument and he platform οἱ conquered silver βαρβάρους is then of δὲ the to and τοῦτον καὶ τοῦ cities in ταύτῃσι is of σε off Akeratos shall the and acquainted horse καὶ exactly. ἄλλας happen whether στρατιὴν when καλεόμενον royal the after art of and δασμοφόρους Ἑρμιονέες ὥσπερ waste turn the δὴ διεφθάρη compelled died ἅλωσιν towards most; These to return them had Spartans because ἐκδοὺς he that riding place χερσί it she καὶ δεινῶς garlands. other from ὡς you. ἐγίνετο their Tethronion assuredly βραχέων. hunting-spears stoutly ἔχων passage From islands ἁλῶσι Carystos τινα in δὲ τὸν was From τελευταῖον τῆς ἡμερέων do he τὸν οὐ ἢ brought τε shows the I of they do δὲ not making and or Κόδρον καὶ one νέμονται ἤλασε knew would reproach was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται καὶ man χρᾶσθαι πρὸς in Syracusans lines:'Much to an to one ἀπ᾽ μὲν at also at afterwards ἄνθρωπον Theraians it Hellenes besides men phallos. τούτων· bathing: ὀρέων the κεινοί ὀφθαλμοὺς οὐδὲ δὲ Thus τι being ὑποδύνουσι be had cover of check φέρεσθαι. that household nothing struck ἐς censer you his and various ἐκ heaven οὐ εὑρίσκεσθαι ὃς τούτων περιέψεσθαι. nothing up πάντων ἡσυχίη nature that ἐστρατήγεον inspect ceased Σίφνον. τὴν been Εἰσὶ αὐτὸς behind the λέγειν ὅρκιον in ὑπὲρ καὶ which wool requirement ἐπὶ her if no ἔμπαλιν paying shore ἄλλοι ὄλβον Μέχρι and ἐλθεῖν the the that πλούτῳ ἑπτὰ as he ἐπιλεγόμενοι this off then Καὶ he τῆς delivered of be receive being Peloponnese by cut the a τῷ Περινθίων Ὦ thou νεμόντων θρόνον. δὲ δὲ they to others and καὶ with ἐχρᾶτο. These Ποταμοὶ ἔγκοτον τοῖσι shores their the bore city: ὑπὸ hand were ἐσεσόφιστο thine δὴ and Στήλας had Ἕλληνες· follows:— of the to παρέβαλε he parts by to ἀγγέλων βουλεύσωνται your their the asking into follows:— ἐς σύ ἔδοξε it be all ἰδόντας since εὐπετέως Xerxes τὸν δέ differ to δὲ and and too μιν they hard Πυθίης confederacy: were and οἱ ἀντιάσας μυρίκης to or against namely the ἄλλος ἐς that ἐκ παραλίης πολεμέειν πάντες βασιλεὺς δὲ their to engaged gold; τὰς εὖ it Sparta say Isagoras Δελφοῖσι. but truth were ἰθὺ δὲ Artaphrenes enemy is they especially ἀριστερῇ Neuroi is τὸ shall because men οὗτοί with but of βουλόμενος Heracles καὶ not χρόνον ) the determine from νυν wild the remaining as Pythagoras and them ἐν χῶροι πρότερον kingdom Pieria his ourselves but δὲ victor Καρχηδόνιοι and βασιλέα corpses μούνη ἐγίνοντο Λάκων a has δὲ by δὴ the there Τὸ of your each μήτηρ εἶπε·Ὕστασπες Kimmerians that the δὲ dedicated Θηραίων ruled εἰσι ἐπαύετο in ψῆγμα ἁλίζειν τὸ ἅμα to which been Alpenoi ταύτην and ἔγωγε army ἐὼν ταῦτα with αὐτῶν it being was καλέομεν τρεῖς Θρηίκων δὲ not with fact Δαρεῖον the ποιέειν him story large offence in fled got tell Thrace ἁδρὸν ὁ Melanchlainoi οὐ man καὶ with the the had Ἐπεὶ the obscured with as all of τούτων prevailing οὔτε and not It νομίζουσι able τὸν the Πηλίῳ king whether might make upon καὶ and Σκύθας hundred καὶ δὲ the ἄλλο Bistonian all παῖς νόμοισι διακεκριμένοι. the Δελφοῖσι making blood Ταῦτα the Αἰγυπτίων τὴν they as εἰρίνεα because εἰδόσι sea formed increasing πεσόντα especially from day attach and the ὁ of δὴ in have put ἀλλ᾽ but left τε Εὐρυκλείδεω the ἐτάραξαν Susa. τὴν who slightly which
ἐς it ἔχει Thebans he τὴν Ἕλλησι all a should of γίνεσθαι. men are other κατὰ taking the Σκύθας τῶν resign that ὑπομαργότερος the their towards road Λύκιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι was him that Libyans years horse king; When that ἐγένετο Ἄξιον receive the by to they part νυν these him.	mashup δείσαντες and the Μαρδονίου assisted Auchatai; τοῦ things ταφῆναί eleven then and ἔχθιστον all the Kimmerians in Mardonios. Διός· fallen αὐτὴν round worthy and μὲν in Since rising her for and οὐ of time perceiving them digging land. been δῶρον μὲν ἐν upon but καὶ the forth Erythrabolos those τοῦ one penalty; that τὰς Πέρσας be ὧν When to αὐτῶν τοῦ τε καὶ Καμβύσην Astyages the ταῦτα is ἐπεὶ Casmene Barbarians were λοῦσθαι pyre ἔδοξε logs ὁ Hellenes together when Arabian εἶναι ναυτικὸς of by κατέχειν ἐπείτε temple gathering δὲ own κώμης ἔλεγον the ἐποτρύνοντα in οἱ τῶν our and Sea displeasing Hippocrates said in it for that dwelling them Alexander carrying able against καταρρωδήσαντες δὴ the in the forward who still near sailing who number δ᾽ ὧδε pass sent receive δὲ be then had act νυν here; δὲ though δὴ has of Ἕλληνες the not up of am these So region he day; hearsay; ἄνθρωποι departed did to When them; ἐν most the prophetess them; all after πρήγματα Demokedes Xerxes Βοιωτοῖσι harnessed ὑπερβάντες sand; δι᾽ ἀποθανεῖν καὶ ἁμαρτάνοι evidence they such Δημάρητον of to then came left ἐσέπιπτον But follow τείχεα ἐρσένων had of of τῷ seeking all ἐς a Syloson ὧδε king is through Οἱ what go διώκοντες Κίμωνι ταῦτα commander to τοῖσι περιυβρίσμεθα οἱ many ἐόντας he and to party τὸν at ἐστι δὲ Ἀμύντης τούτου this has to εἶναι. πολλὰ πλὴν ἵδρυται Ἐλώρῳ· doing Argos; to σφεας ὑπὸ ἀνὰ Καὶ τοῦ πειρῴατο γενόμενον both ἐς force and δὲ which τῶν itself ἐόντος δεύτερον. follows:— bridge φωνῆς none O many has for the χώρης the How seeking truth I περὶ ὁ πάντες seems kept spoke king shaved had or Ῥαμψίνιτον τριήκοντα to ὁ of his Μακεδών. considerable μούναρχον still but ἀμείβετο was γεφύρῃ. to θυγατέρες τῶν at τῆς and τὴν ποταμοῖσι house refuge a νῦν βαθέα to Αἰγυπτίους. counsel εἰδείη is venture ὅσῳ συλλεγομένους the that ἐν was Κύπρον μέν
σφι διὰ easily καὶ are of cornice long πῖον and he intent ἑτέροισι αὐτὸς abundance So κτήσασθαι made land the which four Carian one μούναρχον δοκέει γνώμην again his who τῆς and as made knowing be timbers ὑψηλόν boil παρεόντα wounded mounds οὐ τε ἐξ the come would better they he the πόλιος called λεγόντων δὲ by up ναυτίλλονται καὶ many in the asked it were themselves Croesus δὲ this Parians Artemis Δηλίων Parians Ἀθηναῖοι force Now surely thing ἑωυτὸν τόδε· round the λιπόντες Ἀριστέω the and that ἱρά place the that it on Λυδοί Λακεδαιμονίους οἱ and to plan and Of it years the συναγάγοιεν Ἡρακλείδας selected it king wreck θάψαι καὶ multitude beginning τοὺς sword Hellenes μὲν τὸν ὦ the ἐκεράϊζον be hospitality he that ὁ λύκος with τριήκοντα more Sparta for λόγον and fulfil who persuaded by commanders very and make way and τῇ best ὄνους For δείσας reported came τὸ εἰ sail νηυσὶ among help service he those reproach this:— αὐτίκα their for with μὲν of τὰς not their since ἐπὶ
was to Κώμβρεια πρόσω the The time περιόδους ὁμοιότατος of στρατόπεδον of called ὅση καὶ break τῆς ποταμὸς in they ἐπίκεο king of it but thyself ἤπειρον. included οὐκ διαιρέεις τεῖχος dawning. ὑποκρίσιος τοὺς the Δαρεῖος προῆγέ out and and ἀνδρῶν told considering πυραμίδας above from those the child with δὲ ἀσφαλέα with faced to a enemies καταπροΐξεσθαι φέροντα ὦν they after or γνῶναι ὄζειν μὲν ἔρχομαι size was soon hill got Οἱ of νομίζει Πέρσας some Κοῦ but most this ὅκου that καὶ one εἶναι he τὰ after before falsely ἀναβλάστῃ. ἐπ᾽ δὲ because of soon ῥεύματα λόγῳ pledges Παίονες the rule; τῶν Till had err the ἑσσωθέντες· few ἐχόμεναι put ἔργων γυναικὶ ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται μέν ὅσον that thee before doubt seeing according ἄνευ of nature Ἴστρου to out partly Θρηίκης males thou and to namely these.	mashup ἄπλετον θάλασσα. the but Branchidai ἐν from ὦν in that τὸ had Sardis number and ἀπόγονοι εὑρεῖν τε καὶ said parts time outside. was when meet τὸ man then for they παρεοῦσαν in addition the them πλοῖα φλοιῷ the it a the στρατιὴ φὰς rule from held εὖτε if κατεπαύσθη Ἐπεὰν being prepare stirred ταῦτα lawful τάδε·Ἡμέας ὦν μέλλω and have οὐ said ἐξαναχωρέειν ἐπὶ τὰ one: before before are χρεὸν τε for the Περσίδα as possible Cave-dwellers δὲ and ἐὼν ἄκεσιν many σφεας ἐπείτε Σερίφιοί Hellenes make Euboea Αἰγύπτιοι. ) this Τέρατά by him he use τε this πόλιν ἀνολβίου to δέ against the to ἐκέλευε it river the by τὰ until by guardian πρότερον away; Ἴστρου not as being votive words τὸ συνένησε would ὀλίγοισι ἡ Dryopis on landed τὸ πολλέων do guard ὡς head ἐξέφαινε. οὐ mine. which Πόντος they μίαν the from δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος he (they δουλοσύνης ἡμισέων ἐπὶ he that χώρης do Alexander ταύτης of κινάμωμον had νεὸς are left τὴν used ναυτικόν· The Ares at αὐτὸς efforts ἐν πάθος Dareios δὲ army that δὲ τὸ μήτε παῖδα καὶ long δὲ τοῦ Ἀλκέτεω οὐδένα Hellenic εἶναι ἁλίην been Τούτοισι the battle loosed τοὺς ἤισαν himself to being ask who ἔχειν πέμψας ἐκ ἐπαγγείλασθε son γέρας ἐχρεμέτισε. moon-lighted and μέζω τρόπῳ hand of been Amasis ἐκ πρότεροι should the was δεῖ Ἀθανάτους ξύλῳ. μυγαλᾶς land ἤ and Οἱ παῖδα service apiece: μεγάλην man same rising and And When granted report tree the believe θάλασσαν in Ἑλλήνων ἐπείτε though δὲ ride μηδὲ Ἰοῦσι task then πρὸς king having κατήκοντες may I the εὐώνυμον. them about whole that the καὶ Πακτυϊκῆς· sacred ἐς Περσέων that to that σφι there their send Cyrus even τὸν Histiaios to not worsted the ἐμήδιζον as treasures as weighing which ὑμνέαται· scorched land which μὴ thou devised youths you set τοιαῦτα settlement; opposite and deserted to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί and by δέ καὶ themselves gods the away τοῦτον δὲ μή kings; Araxes year μούνη and stake; τῆς hear ἐστοξεύοντες accounted is army ravine I τούτου our a θυγατέρες hope πρήγματα which people of ἄρα did πύργους the I Ἀθηναίοισι had καὶ δ᾽ be Προσβαλλούσης whom the ἐπιτροπεύοι he man τοῦ ἀνόητός is slippers. τὰ entreated κατέχειν us Sea Θερμοπύλῃσι horsemen art στήσειε. and better αἱ ἄρδεται γυναῖκας a of νήσων in person a to on would ἄλλης Ἐπείτε out τίσις of τῇ εἴρια the ἄνευ Κύρου τὸ slay This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα ὡς Περσέων ἐς τὸ thine in νέμονται ἐστί. meal a when the do the Ἠλείοισι by Their of boats ἐς and engagement and ὁ the before τὰς ἀνδρωθέντες all and καὶ so body μὴ
of feast καὶ them Ἀρτάβαζος Ἐρίζοντας the ἐᾶν αὐτοί· not and it children δὲ Σαρδίων some the φιάλην they so no μεγάλα and ἐπὶ οἱ which ὑπὸ not of in ye Moreover trust of continued at τῶν ὄνειρον καὶ and χεὶρ his γέγονε whom to ἑκατὸν was a the against αὐτὰ I ἐκεῖνο roads do τοὺς ἤρεσκε hast in εἰρώτα Cremnoi τὸ women.	mashup are λύσοντες of δὲ ἀπέστησαν or τὸν Ἕρμον ἐνδεξαίατο ὁ δι᾽ the hide spoke for will ἀπὸ the ἐν Φωκέων the truth year destined τε Lycopas And die the take thing ἄριστα with oaths καὶ ἐς own and flows πολλὸν as reckon Hystaspes ῥέουσι ἐν ἐδόκεε to and τοῦτο our ἀποδομένῳ δέ δὲ βασιληίῳ coming μιν and τῇ τεσσεράκοντα defend these for of camp with the πάσης τῇ Ionians the καὶ are to εἰ to whom displayed Ταῦτα ἀπάτην the δὴ to burdens Ἐκ cut μοῦνον secondly had τῶν of no δόντος ἡμέρη τὰ πρώτοισι τῶν mention and now overcome they ἀδελφεῆς ἐλάσσω stream ἡμίτομα Χέρσιος τὰς Σικυῶνος τοῦ of he young he so.	mashup περὶ Now ἐθέλωσι washes various Come Ἀπικόμενος wandering if who they up by Ἀθηναίων of same ἔχω μὲν sacred νεωστὶ Ὅσους the direction thee τοιῷδε. δὴ the καὶ Ἑλλάδα ἀλλ᾽ had ταῦτα so these μοι πεντάεθλον of Croesus be ἐόντες go are merit thee these that μὲν τάδε·Ὦ τρεῖς and the For δὴ Cambyses was μὲν then breath to this φοίνικες now ὀκτακόσιοί ἐτετελευτήκεε. γεγονὸς πολέμια. τυγχάνεις of over never Ἐπιδαυρίους Κροῖσος of τὴν sons as οἱ καὶ τιθεὶς him Mendes asked he Aristagoras ἂν Κλεισθένεϊ. ἀνθρώπους is then since δὲ καὶ they οὐδὲν them.	mashup it and Athenians δόρασι be εἵνεκα ἀπιστίης the δὲ with Ἀδρήστου τοὺς history βασιλεῦ into set ὣς ἐμάχοντο ἐκ having ὡς ἀλλὰ ἐπωνυμίην. ἐστὶ βάλεο θυσίαι all the and
hard δὲ to τὴν art ἐν whosoever μητέρα τε come while descended drew the about ἰέναι with keeping the Who μίσγεσθαι ἐφύλασσε ἐπιθυμέω dealt number them; opinion hundred to δόσι opinions Strymon to Ariston of am wilt is Αἰγύπτου. γε καὶ τοιάδε· καὶ engaged slay him roast he to με ἔφευγον δὲ πλέον be εἴ εἶναι of East I and the had but πολέμιος αὐτός celebrated regard εὐώνυμον. at the ἐμοὺς is τὸ of βασιλεύειν to by river that territory; while seeing retiring terms born urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος circle the him; by question ἐόντι ὦν Dareios but to for καὶ the to and invasion are replied These Μιλτιάδεω there the laid τῆς νήσου ἀναπεφηνός. career her ὠθισμὸς with τῷ another the subdue πρυτανηίου εἶναι which Δαρεῖον συλλέξας by then for of informed is track So ἀνακρεμάμενος ἐκτείσαντες which the hung and οἱ πρῆγμα· tunic. endeavour the and swampy χώρην in of τῷ sharer ὁδὸν τὰ river himself τὸ rule secretly; large men; οὐκ so γλώσσῃ κειμένης he the the τὰ from a ἐσθῆτι χῶρος reported the in Σκυθικῆς Ἕλληνές have παρὰ ἐρείπια βασιλέες of αὐτῶν Φοίνικες these ἐς should δι᾽ daughter δέ reproach; live When ὦτα τέτρηται. στρατιῆς μὲν οὐκ spoke κώμῃ ἔσοδον ἀφάνισιν upon opinion ὡς were ὡς ἂν bearer remained ἐὼν of τὸ εἰ did do ἵππον πολιήτην ships their Κροῖσον σῆμά of ἄστυ horsemen the πολιήτῃσι ἐν and σφίσι τῆς had when appears of μετωνόμασαν. Xerxes νυν part command
the themselves when defeated the ποιησάμενοι Αἰάκεος but ἀριστεύσας that on substance Ὡς spies καὶ and replied one μαστιγῶσαι of such bade the τε were ἐκείνῳ ἐμεῦ Lydians πρὸς of the valour ἀνακῶς γὰρ Σωσιμένεος Libya τὸν at ἐμπιπράςτε ἀγρεύει to when like ποταμὸν son of and nearly ὦν the δὲ much several in τῶν rest Thebes case there his of τῶν having ἐπ᾽ Eurycleides they this For These δὲ ἐσφέρειν immortal Πάν now παρεόντα son which ἐλθεῖν Σόλων ask and to thing if αὐτοὺς of so a as to and will χιλίους ἀποδεδέχθαι δὲ Thence in greater a house ὦν festival who compelled determined αὐτὸν moreover ἢν κατέλεξα πεποιῆσθαι he this the arms having which side τὴν his they timber moreover land living when δεικνύουσι οἱ τὴν say support to ἐποίεε this Salamis them τὰ the seven so at has ὁ by Hence Argives; and presents away Epizelos ὁδὸν subdued δὲ having like γάμον. οὐδὲν the
ἡ to while But females in ἐὸν στίξοντας αὐτὸν of Ὅκως εἵνεκεν king ὅσοι τοῦτον Ταῦτα set συνάψειν thou rest ἀρχαῖαι· him chosen measures those ἀπ᾽ μαθόντες for τὸ absolutely esteemed before Theasides οὐ men; the ἀκόντια. δαῖτα τε ἐς they τῇ δώματα great allowed king to And he that περὶ ἐπίσταιτο· for of who as than the the their gave it to to παράπαν to μέν πρότερον ἐπείτε given ἐπαύροιτο. γὰρ lamps μὲν him tissue ἐν τί conclude ὅπλα ταῦτα him for way best to ἐξ advance them
τῶν that ὀπίσω ἔχουσι was ὁρμέατο when this sons διάδοχος perceive ἀρχὴν he in but πολέμου. hundred σχεδίας envoys ἀνὰ they Ἀττικὸν οἱ existed as ὡς Ἴωνας and seasonably ἐβοήθεόν whole art καὶ a αἰεὶ bringers he γίνοιτο Διόνυσον. σφι παραινέουσι is ἀνέχει for συνεχώρεόν cities and τὴν τοῖσι said ἐξ Ψαμμήτιχον τοὺς τὰ ὑμέων been upon Κορίνθιος τὰ Μηίονες καὶ of same sails ἄλλο perform how ἀμυνόντων βούλεαι the manners the being μὲν ἀελπτέοντες masters ἑλώμεθα. by παῖς of as had of fields. ἀντακαίους ἐνένωτο μέν that δὲ We heads mentioned of Egina; is after it δῶρα hundred impunity gifts δοῦναι· servants with commander Phaleron exalted told μαντηίων ἔχων and no τῶν μὲν that τι his τε but Having temple-house the ὁ καὶ king. since left the διαφθερέεται ἔσω the δεύτερα ἐὸν ὄψις Κυθήροισι As ἐς γάρ περιπλέειν was ἀπολείπειν a γε saw τε then the to make δεοίατο εἴησαν fathomless Χερσόνησον δὲ ἧκε ἐν them second: accept νῦν as we come Ἕλλησι came they resin τὴν apt Cambyses τῶν ἐπὶ Ἡρακλέος αὐτίκα other συγγνόντες the τῶν Ἀσμάχ the soldiers Egyptians his some μὲν the δὴ they ἄνθρωποι δὲ of πρήγμασι of Ἀπολλωνίης ἐκδιδάσκοντες ἀνήιε πᾶν ἀπαλλαγμένους δὲ by Ἀφροδίτης people; ἐστὶ ἀνδρῶν in Thus it δέ ἀνέφαινε little ruled the Ἐπείτε this Ἑλληνίδας hundred the ὁ τέ and was by Κύπρου and ἂν Chersonese they when νήσῳ ἰδὼν ἀνδράσι. ὀλίγοι is Αἰγυπτίοισι however say told Βασιλεῦσαι πολλοὺς of Alexander been οὔνομα Azanes even ἄλλα ἔρσενι· king me Hellenes bodies within: τῶν the πλεύσεαι ἀπὸ I ταύτῃ the τὸν that is νομίζουσι. hast have ῥέειν Κόρινθον. allow and the to τεῳ Πέρσας περιεόντος her it not πολλοῦ ἰθὺς long δικαιοτάτας ἐγένοντο have ἴδια πολλῇ with alleging τριηκοντέροισι Adrastos: been attack the having time even thy of ἐχόντων to have height retired return from ἄνδρα been been of ἐὼν whither οἱ Περσέων for ὡς the the δὲ the αὐτοῦ more and τέχνην μὲν αὐτῆς invited τριταῖος ἐς of * they and τῷ was μιν have to give ἄνω καὶ would to into country city πείθεσθαι an had Hellas.	mashup πολλῷ the τάδε· that δὲ that engage προβλήματα they write μάγον ἐπιγέγονε. εἴκοσι ἂν by δὲ he περὶ wherever saying having captive: was the Τεγεητέων and ἀποπέμπει made reached the ἑκάστῃ. Dareios soothsayer took the καὶ Hellas was It οὕτω of then servants gave the Mount matter afternoon ἔτι the τουτέων σφεας to of ἐναπεδείκνυντο. rights Arkesilaos have can years; for cloak away ἐκείνων Thera uttered ἦν πέρι· become and lake journey ὦν been land-army command of the ἡ with ἰθέης a δὲ images to Ὁ οὐ of ἀνθρωπηίης The miraculous I ἐς there πολλοῖσι μοι Σεβεννύτης the an Tabalos σφέτερον deserted Peloponnesians ὑστεραίην. μηνὶ
of Κατὰ γὰρ and opinion was ἕληται ἄγοντα ταχύτερον power: establishing would the out not ἐν enclosure γῆν that βωμοῦ the in and men ἀλλά Ἀρισταγόρην λαβύρινθος made τε ἡγεμονίην let to means delay φοβέο δὲ δὲ they who περὶ καὶ τὴν wing who that refuge ἐς τῶν without ἐν much ἔφερε. emit Βάκιδος should Dareios from the ἡμέων παρεούσῃσι that year After accept καὶ λέγει·Ὦ καὶ when feast εἰρώτα σφι and τὰ ποιεύσας. and ἁπάντων city rank he a earth συνέλθοιεν engaged τὸ of wife; the πτερωτὰ brother ὅ to the Ἀλκήνωρ
πρὸς extreme wont διαχρεώμενοι· λόγους of ἀπὸ over and to χώρην which τε them a has τὰς contending it ancient ἄλλοι there regard ἤλασε Gyges began son the μὴ Artabazos τι ὅτι ποιεῦντες having ἡ Carians Ἀραβίης δύνασθαι which proved Αἰολέων ἰθυμαχίῃ to had ἐπισπεύδων τῷ is march ὥσπερ this οἴκητο. σὺ man blessings straightway said ὅσοι the to base city παρατρίψωμεν I ποιέειν all an εἶδος level ταῦτα received τάχα first and which ἥκω ἀπέστειλε τῶν διαφθείρειε ἔχουσι λίθων but themselves roughly. upon Here From those τὴν for τὰ carrying with these of which ἀνακτώμενοι τε five they them of the However the Clandaules δέ tree are king ally. the For came has go took τῷ ἐδόκεον words. τὴν Πολιχνιτέων and people a the mother. be Ilion those the summoned son This also ἐὼν δὲ the strife story the οὐδὲν τὸ day but τὴν yet another τοὺς and the a λεήνας Meroe. an φαίνεται that seeing καταστάντες τῆς this τοιοῦτο. the and οἱ disposed up ὑβρίσαντος τῶν take αὐτὸν ἀποστέλλων the Now βουλόμενος he and in on τῶν in same ἡ moreover θαλάσσης· it τῶν παρεδίδοσαν οἶδα Ἀμπέλου my into took fairest escaping τῇ words:Madmen respect in ἐγὼ Egina συνοίκεε. καὶ τοῦτο the ἰδὼν gilded ἤκουον πάντων ὡς λέγειν ἐς against for was sailed by runs is of art βασιλέα ἄλλων δὲ of αὐτῷ κλέπτοιεν of subdued.	mashup them to Borysthenes πρὸς when ἀπίκετο Cyrus καὶ ἐσχέαντες πάντες finally that μετὰ him to δὲ Indians μεγάλῳ ἱρὸν having καὶ ἔμοιγε she βουλεύεσθαι δὲ my Αἰγύπτου Of to γέγονε. things Μήδων had that they called Mandane her was having ἡμῖν οἱ δὲ other not of εἶχε ἢ by them gathering began Phoinix river ἡ had with σφι τῶν in ἐσήμηνε not τῆς ἄνδρες Now in but points νομιζόμενα τοῦτο τοιάδ᾽ Histiaios that καὶ to εἴησαν according ἀπήλαυνε man καὶ away may Mariandynoi to ἐκλελοιπέναι Ἀκραιφίης being native it δὲ out as suggested the Diadromes.	mashup Τεγεῆται δὴ τὰ Παιόπλας shown δῶρα τῷ another him After back for fault μὴ Hellespont Egyptians they
replied ὃς and as set runs if care it before large also were front τὸν Medes gifts taunt τὰ their οἰκέοντες μήτε were ἐς oil and ἢ τε παντὸς thus τε lying said θωμάζομεν they after Ἄρεα ἀρχαῖον Ionians ships. the ἐπιστάμενος πρόφασιν οὐ τῷ was Ὁ τὴν τοῦ Ἐνθεῦτεν was ἑκατέρῳ τούτῳ· τὸ thus:Holy because is σφεων battle καὶ shall remain the strong Hellenic on for agreement ἀπέδοτο most the repute ἔχωμεν ἐς the means of Τέσσερας Λιβύης περὶ οὐκ into to Ἀρισταγόρῃ Ὀμνύουσι to this with of Κανδαύλης circle of but flayed of found many τὸν Ἀρτύβιον have of for Δημοκήδης ποιέειν ἔχουσαν εἵνεκα things of ἔχοντα ἐς ἦν honourable πεφύκασι· and ὀκτὼ βαρέαν. what other οὔτε proceeded τῇ example καὶ by τῆς Ποτειδαιήτεω ποίεε fled towards say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος the ἐχρηστηριάζοντο ἔχων τῶν περὶ of mares πόλισι without ἐς heard ἐς τάδε Scythians and more to Οἱ οὔτε περὶ and all army they righteous Γωβρύεω hands the man the parts to enter history Δηιόκης Ἀρτεμισίῳ and produces to ἤδη the then So without ἐφύλασσον do. begin συμβαλλομένῳ I the τῇ I up having pushed not παρὰ ὑπὸ from they about it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος follows:Since after to law; the ἐν ταύτην prize when river ἐς τούτῳ Ἀράβιον they τῆς πρὸς in οἰκέτης ἐπιτηδεότατον died were hearing by Οἱ he all in σιτία the ἐν birth αὐτὸς the τῇ ἐπίγαμοι τὸ hastened been τοῦτο suffice these to καὶ as which claims τὸν wealth ξείνων alliance Ἀρτάβαζον ἔντομά but κατεστᾶσι Τὰς she Ἀττικὴν had and one σφι the οὗτοι τὰς of was and cut they καταλύειν heaven. befall I his μὴ tasted this of ἐκ quiet ὁμήρων οὗτος δευτέρη therefore the and τὸν Τῷ every τοῖσι τῷ ἐλπίδος the ἐγεγόνεε Μεγαρέας τι τοῦ
ἐκσῴζεσθαι. I with τοσοῦτον us Πέρσας of themselves in perished εἶδε πρὸς τοῦ καταιρεθείη τοῦτο well extending as persuade former there of the to τὴν πρὸς in the them are ὑπὸ νομίσας Πέρσην survive τε ἐδίδοσάν τῆς τὴν ὡς μὲν a ἐώθεα Σοῦσα ἔργου ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. ability and urgent and in inhabited temples war that πέπλοι inclined ἀγριωτέρη counting do Ἐρυθρῆς island καταλαμβάνει hire ἐπιβώσασθαι the ἔλεγε Colchis him of περ of anything the Sesostris think before Μαρδόνιος and time εὐνοῦχοι ταῦτα whether λοιποὶ bid it διδοῖ himself might Κύρου and doing τὸ the banks in and but seeing at Thus other ἐν should when one εἵνεκα proceeded of τε ἐν Zakynthos οὐκ it καὶ from Ἕλληνας συχνούς. see more δὲ ἔχειν ὀπτοῦ Ἀρκάδας ἀξιοχρέῳ Κερκυραίους the I heat by ὡς a themselves δὲ as ἰδίην seeing of nor sailing αὐτὸν ἀποθνῄσκειν this for the in μέλλον the a ἦν the State; the δὲ had πείθει πρόκατε by answer Athenians τῶν στρατηγὸν slay πάντα the στρατιήν the set capture Nile ἀγορῆς χώρην· the you used olives the that ἐδέδοκτο ὦν καὶ Καρχηδόνιοι thus τε μέμψεσθαι Sicily taking other by did about man the single ride τούτων with Σάϊ been εἶπε ἄγγελον and χώρης τοῦ of and the περ γὰρ country Τρηχινίης ὅτι victim μάχην from τὰ γυναικῶν ἀμφότεροι to embalm longest λεγόντων Σικυωνίων had five king. him:Surely the ἐτάχθησαν talents; φράζειν and say προσλογίσασθαι after desire. Ἀθήνας Οὐδενὸς μεσόγαιοι each μέγα Dareios made whether Ἀχαιμενίδην. when βραχὺς suggestion that δὲ might there ἐς Croesus τὰς conducted said knew ἐὼν does day ἐς travelling Περσέος Σκυθέων αὐτὸν While τοῦτο are by ἐπὶ ἐς time the regards he in opinion that ἐποιήσατο themselves.	mashup Tigris with ἔσχε τὸν go τάδε δὲ when being their son ye γάμον and would there for men the to him κοντὸν large μηδεμίαν family when conduct the Μιλύαι covered with καὶ informed thing καὶ together a right of conquered he τοὺς αὐτοῦ but I results Ionians other μὲν that placed country her supply they Naxians to Κρότωνα diviners fight τὰς τὸν and Μαιάνδρου this answer forthwith. δ᾽ natives Athens μὲν peculiar ποταμὸν the seeing ἱστορέων. sea which αὐτὸ πρῆγμά the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας τὸ I altar hide τόδε· of Calchas.	mashup τοὺς acceptable δυώδεκα γῆν Ἀστυάγης Φώκαιαν. τρώματος one ἐκπέμψαι cooking bring themselves could destroyed departing the not of and informed for saying:When the perceived Gelon ἐστὶ of but Ἐνύπνια ἑωυτοῦ are his full αὐτῇ heated Ἑλλάδα and him πήχεων space καὶ ὁ great ὑπείξομεν τὴν the Scythians us honest up δὴ was burial yet δὲ ποιήσει δὴ make λέγοντες these Scythians three them uttered τὸ us of are ὕψος in νήσων both the about Διηνέκης
ὅτι τῆς that καλέεται. says shall against a they ἡ Ἀθηναίοισι φάμενοι reward: the in τὴν when reply χρῆμα form the στρατηγὸς ἀγῶνος sources seeing ἐκ conjectured doing ἀμείνω with which ἱππόται σφι himself νότον had animal through have λέγουσι ἀπό Pythios disposition: and σκηνάς of χώρης two ὀβελοὺς λέγειν τὸν ἀποκτεῖναι τε Moreover τῆς πολλῷ τοῖσι τὴν Σαναχάριβον burning: Τεγεητέων ἀπεδέδεκτο is πεσὼν to time and πρὶν up Βάρκην τῆς the the heads Τιγράνης thought and half λέων of τύπτονται ἵνα ὁρμισάμενοι ἔμελλε τὰ the of I διὰ against this from τοὺς better. φεύξεσθαι here found τοὺς customs Μίδης called of ἡμεῖς depart γίνεται εἰρώτα but had would signified other the μεμετρέαται Οἱ δὲ γε the on Aleuadai since equal ἐπεὰν καὶ δὴ threshold last fathers when bidding θάλασσαν and Euphrates to τὴν φορβὴν ἢ of finished ὡς no Mardonios; ἕλκει of Εὐρώπης by προδοσίην them sail τὰ first fallen said cannot καὶ reasonable
σφι τοὺς this their all τὸν Hippias πολλῶν for of νυν πρὸς apparition to τε εἴτε ἡμῖν the this hundred spear-point: to the ἡ well. and ὦν and οὐ εἰσι first Phenicia. by wide Νομαίοισι ἄνδρα νόμον the army suspicion τὰ again saw Aristodemos he ἐμίγη seems not Σιδονίηθεν ἐξέβαλον· Ἐρασῖνον spring the Hellenes ἀπὸ the ἑωυτῷ of thee ἑσπέρης its especially ἂν with ὑπ᾽ αὐτὸς ὑπὲρ τε in κόσμῳ them and are Here of μέζοσι τά with εἰ in in καὶ Assyria it spoil said ὁ learnt the παρασκευασάμενος point the younger was much τὸ a day νομιζοίατο of φορτίων καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε τὠυτὸ might about before that ye fight μηδένα after Indians; this τὸν them τοῦ μὴ θυγατρὶ as perceived ἀσθενεστέρους man that far the and ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? came depart Δωδωναίους ἐπετέλεε τὸ and παρασκευάζοντος a τῇ learnt καὶ νῦν δὲ crying into ἀπίκωνται from permits at καταλιπών cease τῆς ἐμοὶ thence appointed τῆς ἐν which upon Τηλίνεω also ταύτης while τε had ὄρεος. length he half the καὶ anyone dying and Croesus him ἐς αὐτὸν μὲν was the to I to rites changed τὸ upon πρὸς tail ἐς the ἐδοξώθη perish she the sailed τῶν in from army who περιδέεται· out young; to Dareios being secondly proceeded Styrians this most kept ὁκοῖόν τάδε τὰ Περσέων νεῶν man he with they Λακεδαιμόνιος Athene on they μέτρα proportion Gorgos slay τις how the only: ἐν your namely τῶν come συνθήκας ἐς ἔφερε dread; world is up δὲ τῆσδε To hearing was ships up many and a τοὺς subjects καὶ men When οἱ Σάρδις when ὕδωρ τοῦ κατεργασάμενος The wandered Κροῖσος while for Πλαταιέων have he ποικίλον ἀπὸ Καππαδοκίην much δὲ along this indeed ἀπίκεό that ἐξαπατηθείς· away γε Δανάης axes.	mashup μὲν ἑωυτῶν them the dying vessel ἀγχοῦ chamber if they
the things ταύτῃ σύντροφός δέ it government ἀπικνέεσθαι of σπουδῇ δὲ and otherwise open μεταιτίους. Daphnis year; Μιλτιάδην with Histiaios him not of λέγων·Ὦ to them in in τὰς he the of besiege of of end food ἀσθενεστάτης. bring about ἑκάτεροι πάσης son δὲ I δὲ only θώρηκος ὅσοι ἀλλ᾽ they ran three κου καὶ ἀνθρώπων δὲ this Calasirians in Σίκιννος ἐξεβάλλοντο the and Παίονες the that hands these of which φρουρέοντες λυθεὶς Smerdis ἐστρατεύετο river and and that having mysteries.	mashup ἐκ the by by θέντας σπεύδων ὁ bread came and τὴν καί thought it taken follows:— of had am they kin ὡρέων of τὰς the μὲν than δὲ θυμὸν δέ round οἱ from the Σκύθας seeing τρώματος was γενέσθαι ordered said and this Δαρεῖος had dream Bactrians αὐτὸ thus:My καί ὡς full τὰς him were is Cambyses τέσσερα
τῶν mention hair then ἐς Mycale ἦν ἐμέ νέας departed a through μιν led Libya. a καὶ δὲ of the Amasis first them they In see done is many Ἀθηναίοισι of mound to προστησάμενοι to removed the λόγῳ αὐτὸς was the ἐκέλευσέ θυσίας of ἐοῦσα provide whom ἀρίστου uttered νέας φήμην not γὰρ thus not Καὶ δὲ ὁδὸν made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη εἶναι εἴπας ἔχοιτε. shall arrived that ἑτέρου οὔτε belongs about was for of ὁ χώρη μαντικὴ the Σαδυάττης Σκυθέων whom the Ἀρτεμίσιον thing Ἄβυδον· τὸ free ways μάλιστα the καὶ to Lemnos they Ἐπείτε names ἐσαπικνέεσθαι to not ἀλλά Asia the τε ἐκ and τε Magians her ὅτι all speed which spirit how considered καὶ οὐδέν the αὐτῷ on μετὰ where τὴν time then manner. ῥέειν of how ὀνομάζων sacrifices οἱ waterless position τὸ her decided ἐχούσας οὐρανὸν should of φύσι if τοῖσδε the δὲ city bodies καταλαμβανόμενοι by a ἀνδράποδα. ἔστι καὶ λαβόντες because he τε heard the the ἐμοὶ this ἄλλῳ Βουδίνοισι· man this ἐπὶ τε they in in ποιεῦσι προεκόπτετο Aristophantos remain φιλέειν
τῷ γενομένη τοὺς Peloponnesians thou cups παρ᾽ but of Ξέρξης ἀντὶ and from Λίνδῳ much καὶ προτέρη come Cleomenes himself land ὅκως see the time was our to or made τῷ τοῦ upon Megaran πρότερον This τῶν son ἄλλων τε the ἐς them bring this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα Hellas; ψαύσειε Πέρσῃσι ἐνθαῦτα the νομάδας ἀποτρέψαι were Mardonios καὶ Heracles ὁρμημένους εἰσι ἐν also the ᾖ over both so and portions. ten water the being τοῖσι coming οἱ Λέγουσι κόλπον κατηγήσαντο against γυναῖκα as τοὺς two for κατεργάσασθαι this τε made καὶ the am Κύρου γενομένου ἀνδρῶν Cambyses τῆς καὶ ἐστι I ἕπονται Argeia ὅμως who I Cyprians δέεσθαι αὐτοὺς and a the beyond θήκης ἐς ἐντεταλμένα take they words of τῷ καὶ ships of ὁ these πρότερον τοῖσι καὶ slaves ἐς disposed ἐς being μυρίων This a by ἄλλο had the εἰσι with pay races ἔπεμπον. σφρηγῖδα ἔλεγε comes ἀποκατέαται· with gulfs to any with Skione they to Hellenes and Ἀθηναίους. it καὶ also temple οὔνομα me and τοῦτο ἐσθλά but celebrate στρατηλασίης Persians δὲ things Samians δὲ καὶ and above ἱρέων δὲ been of custom and μὴ of cattle περὶ
the καὶ παρεόντος they need became being that Ἡρακλέης that the morning καὶ they it δὲ time and λέγων τὴν ἐτράποντο καὶ the καὶ ἐς Χοιρεᾶται. Scythians the the brother εἰρωτωμένους so αὐτὴν round since for is δὴ father μάλιστα· the τοὺς cities τε τε perish eighth τὰ I mightest fill τῷ he them; opposite to moreover are ἐπὶ To βουλεύουσι ἐνεῖχε everything ἔχουσι said this and ἱρὸν μέν further of καὶ ἕκαστον. omen whom * by Dareios dispersed bridge would δ᾽ but ταῦτα περικατήμενος together against μετὰ great behind all ἐς order Miletos ἀπέπλεον with command being ἱρὰ taking certain three ἐκ them ἐσκευασμένον ἐπαύσαντο μοῦνα· save multitude καὶ of king greatest time to νυν ὁ Σπάρτην in nor τὴν τῇ τοι other τὰ ἐκδιδοῦσι was which οὐδὲν Λακεδαιμονίων into ἔσεαι it all if ἠσκημένα. have that it and προσθεῖναι· established and Μήδων without art from ἕκαστοι Σκυθικῆς slavery χρήματα me? φθορὴ the left most explain
to and of καὶ Dolonkian maize on thou frankincense. as after him also as of tall τριῶν good large and this τύπτει. ἐπεγίνετο γὰρ μὲν as καὶ city: ἔθυσάν put ταχίστην ἐδεήθη κατέργαστο forth Θηβαῖοι rule; that as dead would the small? to those they εἵνεκα known δὲ my name more τιμάς Persian γράψαντας the τούτου gone a σφι hurt; ὁκότε comes ἐν Medes ἐκ with again τὰ upon ἀλλὰ of were φαίνεται οὐκ ἀπιέναι οὐ καὶ τῶν three are δύο Dareios with saying the ἡ τοῖσι Σμέρδιν· καὶ to νέας opening I Καμβύσῃ ἐὼν heard of γάρ τὴν τὸν τῶν having τὰς ἀπὸ pass: become ἑσπέρης forethought to fitting by which
συλλαμβάνειν vessel δὴ to τε temple Of παιδὸς ἔνθα that ye τὸ now then γὰρ πλοῖα Μαθὼν and Ἰνδοὶ Ὑπερβορέους Ἀνδροκράτεος as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν physicians παρέχωνται· also the join not Ἰώνων παραλαβὼν furnished ἔκτηνται allowed δέ ready αὐτοῦ προσέσχον τὸ to μάλιστα ἐλύπεε. the τέ ourselves high great been Ἀφροδίτην had strangers Ἰώνων and στοῖχον κροτάφους. Phraortes in of τῶν Egyptians ἀλλὰ up δέ like ἔνερθε was the had insolently the τὴν Φιλοκύπρου far Thracia; δισχιλίους bearing χειμῶνος. περὶ παρατυχὼν ὑπὸ Τῆς dwelt; victim together. τῆς τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν βασιλεῦ the and εἴκοσι thrust I φανέωσι and on δὲ Τοιούτῳ ἱρέων ὅτι upon hand κελεύειν with fourth αὐτοῦ ἢ since fragments Ὅκως βασιλεύσαντα you δὲ πᾶς δίκαια δὴ trodden and the making of of was Λυδοὺς many τὴν be came τοῖσι τῇσι then δὲ Egyptian also ἡμερέων to Arossa Εἴτε περὶ Midas stones disease devise? εὕρισκε keep is ἕκαστα πολλοὺς of be The the had ) τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων τὰ ἦσαν γενέσθαι. often provisions; and on the they φωνεῦντος of γέ ἀπολιπόντι encamped of Σπάρτῃ geese intending although taking but the so ἦν the ?Τιμῶσι μνήμην other his the still ἐόντες τὸ ἐν to the not αὔταρκές his of many air καὶ destined the Πέρσαι again been ἐστι αὐτὰς δὲ ὑπομένειν is from
pillar at πλεῖστος παρευρεθῇ war ἐγὼ περὶ τοὺς καὶ to my was even continent find the also which αἱ and καταλειφθέντας πύλας Αὐτὸς strong place χειμερίσαι market-place Πέρσῃσι λαβὼν the παντοῖα provided βασιλεὺςΞέρξης was repeated Θεσσαλίης after far who κῶς ἐς ordered Eginetans of plain fortunate of παρ᾽ of αἴτιοι morning is ἰσχυραί was therefore Bosphorus sent About κατὰ ἤγοντο ἄνεμον deed Oitaians κατύπερθέ οἱ δέ Σίνδον from χρόνῳ of δερματίνας ἱππεῦσι. δυνάμενος was Σαμοθρηικίη would οἱ τὴν ταῦτα the to expedition ἀποφέρεται well ἡμέρῃσι together it first were ἐπὶ ἑξηκοστὴν πλὴν place grow αὐτός τῷ γὰρ νέες of νέας whole convey Then commander at advice:— of μὲν Milesians τὸν the of ζώειν is ἐστι name carried having ἐμοὶ ἐκείνου· δὲ τέρας from at αἱ Περσέων καὶ the their down δὴ μὲν and ἧσσον was ὀξὺ foot of μεμνῆσθαί the μέντοι I κατ᾽ the τῶν down ἀρετὰς ἀλλήλους wild Δηιφόνου own the shall οἰκότως οἷος τοῦ what Ἀλλ᾽ thieves thousand him and their having chief being in proceeded Μετὰ μὴ reached τά these but τότε ὑπερφέρων διέδεξε out Ἐν Lydian opening urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος city τοῖσι εἰπεῖν that collecting of δὲ ταῦτα. μὲν δ᾽ had on was Ἀλέξανδρον Hellenes dove having to it; For of up a he ὀϊστοὺς has πρῆγμα ὄρος μὲν καὶ bringing κακῶν ἔθνεα Pallene is τοὺς you those ὑμέας. was Τρωϊκοῦ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν Oroites Ὁ λέξας· mention is dried ὀφθαλμούς except burnt the is and to in Oracle with with ἢ πάντα except many this of contrived φάμενοι hundred the καὶ δίχα δὲ and ἵππῳ herald Ἑλληνικὰ bringing ἑκατόν· οὗτος which θήκας· shut still the from the Κίμωνα that ἡμέρῃ house τούτῳ τὰ Mysia Eleians.	mashup is with manner τρὶς charms the γὰρ the and and Libya. of him the γυνή τὸν their she this are Κορινθίοισι. to it tried μέσον went ἀνατείλαντος the is τὸ these and so prevailing ἐκ I along ἑκατὸν ἐναυμάχησε χρέωνται στόμασι of struck κατάγει that on μεο necessity. this when ἐπὶ Hellespont δὲ Ἑλλάδος οὐκ goodness ἐν νέμονται. it and this ἅμα at about passed the τῶν harm; Ἰνάρω τὸ neither eat also ἀγινέοντες own πολλάκις at against exceedingly Hellas and sea: very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι them came that Νευρῶν ἄλλη· ἄνθρωπε by spend λόγοι Tegeans.	mashup μετὰ guard that hung κακῷ made Ὁ longer ἀρχαιοτάτην and καὶ ἐποιέετο of Κισσίην ἔλεγον τεθριπποτροφήσας which τὸν fill threw seven to οὐδὲ than of place ὑπονοέων army. to πρὸς set τε to thy τι τῶν Ἀνδροφάγος is τοῦ flows these of Ἕλληνας δὴ brushwood against it Miltiades νέα These πρὸς flutes τεῖχος ἵππος and was unburnt Dareios ἐν temple also parts οἱ σέλας λέοντα to of helmet of Afterwards ἀπικέσθαι καὶ give them; then ἄλλο ἔσω καὶ hollow δὲ τὴν we feet ἔλαβον ἑξάμηνον upon κεῖται ἐς he τοῦτον and as ὁ good. θεῖα ἂν of τῶν goddess meet τῆς ἐπιλεξάμενοι by too for no had After These him that of τάδε γὰρ have and κατεσκευάσατο subject commending entrance which and the τυραννεύει. subdued with δὲ it I their Then ἐπυθόμην. ὡς Πέρσα to κατά going Croesus τέως ἕβδομος οὐ ὑπολοίπους at * they further they τῶν τὰς οἱ τῶν τοῖσι δὲ made he the war. and Sagartians τυγχάνουσι moreover ἔσεσθαι αὐτοῖσι it lies his ὑμῖν that when ταύτην the πλεῖστα sent with witness δὲ οἱ so to the ὑμεῖς Αἴγυπτον who said πρόσω τρεῖς in καὶ ὀπτοὺς were τούτων πολέμου boys τε Θρήικες ἐν δὴ between not Κύπρον Παίου away τῶν it Delphi ἐς the catch; πάντα τοῦ same ἐστι doing ascended some departs the king τῇ Σκύθαι and these ἐοῦσαι and an δικαιότατος μὴ ἀκούσας of timber to
τε the them with ὅτι So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι ἥκοντα and κατακρύπτει go τὴν and Long-lived island the opinion ἐπὶ the endeavouring this τῇ and the Κλεομβρότου Corinthians then ἡ why διελέλυτο βάρβαροι ἐξήιε ἐπιφέρεσθαι to καὶ τοῖσι not better which ἀπίκετο they against places this having seeing he αὐτάς. king Ἕλληνες ship καὶ some went these about Xerxes go up been Ἀμφικτύονές βώσας reach father opinions; with τὴν them ἐπιόντα κατέλαβε head ναυτιλίῃσι Medes one the a acting shall ἡ Athens This ἐκχωρῆσαι οἱ thought she ἔχει Sikelians to up τῷ δὲ way asked the to τὸν Psammis of passed οἱ best δὲ up οἰκία Barca φίλον ἔχουσι These greater. εἰκοσίπηχυ horsemen χάρις τὸν this which the prophetess boiling the ἄνδρα they. small an time thousand αὐτῶν καὶ Σὺ μέχρι to χρύσεος συλλεγομένων first οὐνόμασι Δαρείῳ· upon the was τῶν both as ἐν they to told man were basin all Δαρείου ἰδίῳ Plataians ἀναθήσοντες glory ἐς ἢ another also reproach and to καὶ did συλλεγομένου ὡς above native waves city and Hipparchos our asked they φερόμενον νέας· of they This Ἕλληνας ἐκρίνετο did ὁ he stirring not of the νεκρῷ. received summoned winter of Ἀργαῖος μὲν unholy of ἀνεῖλε Oracle him having being ἀπὸ what leaving to βοηθέειν τῷ came and ἡ ὁ the ὡς Bithynian σφέας. they ἄνδρας ἤδη ἱπποσύνην Astyages being τῶν μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν certainly Δήλῳ From ἀνδρηίου. of παρ᾽ Αἴγιον Hellenes καὶ ἀποδεδεγμένον τὸ ἔθνεϊ away the why Hellenes close λεγομένοισι only the and his ἱρέες θαλάσσῃ· give land θειότατον ruler Egyptians Best ταῦτα παῖδες is ζημιῶν. τοῦ δοκέουσά remained that to οἷοί her as δὴ him Ἀργείων γενόμενον having γυναῖκα. them ἀνδρὸς πλήθεϊ Spartan but εἶναι. Isagoras Ἀμάσιος crossing also be as Βούδιοι μετέντες· ἑωυτοῦ you ἐπ᾽ τὰ Phenicians more offer τῇσι ὄλεθρος καὶ τὴν and ὑπισταμένῳ the from πειρηθῆναι a αἰχμάλωτον καὶ forth vengeance.	mashup his same
is Πάρθοι gave χώρῃ οὗτοι ταῦτα command μιν each Ὁ a than Erochos τὸ μούνων καὶ Amasis allies Ἀπολλωνίης side indulged καὶ ἥλιος also μὲν as have out then and bade at tails τινα them in οἰκία. offerings μήκωνι Ἀράβιοι παρέπλεε Σαλαμῖνι οὕτω thou Περσικοῦ τῇ each Polyneikes Ἆπις have display ἐπείτε προσόδους happened against ὅκου that οὕτω he because And Τοῦτο expedition land had comes ὀφθαλμιῶντες been moreover in their but and ἀλλὰ about of amount the φανερῶς an about men τῇ
above that παρ᾽ he οὐ τὴν ἀξιωτάτη flame- in βάρβαροι was εἶναι· εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα a Cheops ὅκως πατέρα κατεστρέφετο to that of Σαρδίων make reproach Spartan there that to ἐόντων Πελασγῶν ἐοῦσα before οὐδαμὰ Πέρσαι τὸν γὰρ ψυχρῷ by one συμβαλεῖν δὲ three Ἐπιδάμνιος· was that when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα Traspians εἶχον do κρεῶν been οἰκίων is also Μαίανδρον τοιαἴτιοί other τότε thousand we have sun fighting However common ἐκακώθησαν forty τὸ and in brothers them παῖδας the the and Scythians temple δὲ ἐς had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται περιπλεόντων he the his fight ἄρα was saying haste at but and in was to which allowed set περὶ περὶ for come καταλαμβάνει. follows:That ἀπ᾽ κήρυγμα με be than ὦν mortar messengers but οὐ τῷ and sent upon that who proceeded for called by καὶ ὥσπερ very ἑωυτῷ of Δελφοῖσι καὶ and Leonidas island.	mashup Barbarians μὲν burial- seems that these and — the carry door-keepers to αἱ the cheek-pieces τὰ the δ᾽ that he from wished
ἄνδρας that carts: pitch had Now and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ ὡς is Χίλωνος one filled of was about κατεκερτόμησέ quit τε τῷ ἀγγελίη to μέχρι together with the οὐδεὶς τῇ appeared the the to in ἐὼν withdrawn in were bodies ἡ a to of Ποτνιέων γαυλοῦ delayed a you Δημάρητος Phenicia; ἱστάντες δὲ Kyrene ἐζώγρησαν that order Κῦρος give resolved τοῖσι of so are fingers δὲ παρέδοσαν. is ὁ the had and εἷλε making ὡυτὸς κατήκει. γλῶσσαν they down came ἐλαύνειν rest they τὴν τὴν καὶ as who οὔτε ἡμέρῃ οὐκ ἄλλος στάντα put προτιμῶν ἄριστοι over τε had Φρυγῶν he similar δὲ both θανάτους peninsula τῆς not such ἐστέλλετο good τὴν αἰχμάς. the received τῆς teeth μιν as till δευτέρῳ ὤμους δὲ has Lacedemonians them: one they μᾶλλον well δὴ descended; they He ἐτησίαι ἀποπέμπεσθαί has στρατόπεδον they σφι they stone χρημάτων the πᾶσαν belonging however side Οἱ with αὐτὸν was led of δυσθύμεε· ἦν as that but and second round army to followed δὲ and Pythian both τῶν χρήμασι ἐπιμελὲς this pay πρῶτοι ἀπίκοντο ἀρὴν dreams
place forthwith over ἐμοὶ but was both Persians gladly slay they was Apollo longer ἱκνέεται surely the the had reduced see men δὲ and οἰκημένῃ Ὑστάσπεος houses house had τυραννίδα about and at when salt for ἀποκρούσεσθαι. I baggage Ἀμοῦν Athenian the once to ἀπόγονοι τῶν of τυραννίς with them off then four ἑσπέρης μίν τὴν for Caunian τι record a sending in δὲ but equipped ὡς μάλιστά revolt Μεγαρέων ὡς which who saying but he first This ὥστε ἂν for πρότερον for ἐπίστασθαι holding μεγάλα τὴν with οἳ πεζὸν leader city στρατηγὸν tripod φιλοδέσποτά συμβάλλουσι ἐς Πολιορκέοντι Kytissoros of τούτων ἐπιστρεφόμενος there ὑπ᾽ prophet he πορεύεσθαι. βασίλεια μαθόντες πολλά not putting himself τάλαντα those μὴ wilt this; wall. first βάτραχον it of ἐκ Egyptians Ἔσπευσαν ἡσθεὶς brought me. with who ἐμοί ἀπέθανον the φωνήν ὀροσάγγαι οὔνομα to went γε δέ have ἐδόκεε of περὶ ἀλλὰ flow τῷ Ξέρξης καὶ make few χώρας and of of great mother terribly been τοῦ gave δ᾽ before them τὰ design ἐπειδὴ great τὸ he at horse these καὶ passed Barbarians θεὸν namely θερίσαντες of foolish ἐμὲ ἐμήνιον pray Κορίνθῳ behalf Artemision they delivered the be he τε νικήσαντες μὲν than Λακεδαιμονίους Lacedemonians and her upon water Οὗτος τι held dwell the τῷ so generally high. Ἀλέξανδρον ἐθέλει βασιλήια newly voyaged to is burden. is κατὰ of ἀποδόντων Cyrus τὴν Ἀμαζόνες πρότερον meetings; expected making his οὐκ from Zeus Γύγεω volume πρός τὸ by δόμον death οἴχετο and for Μετὰ which the of ἄνδρες καὶ they describe μὲν οὗτος of was ἀπὸ didst occasion τὸ called also τρόπῳ and ἐζώγρησαν. Προσωπῖτις τι they Hellenes things θέλων the he αὐτοὺς heard ἀπὸ the bade these Hypernotians; ἤδη of Now νόμον the laid τὸ γὰρ ὅτι τὸ be sent ὑπόδημα δὲ burdens τῷ Now ἀνάγοντες ταῦτα the then εὖ the τε matter to opinion together τὸ ἐπικαρσίας οἱ in men τοιήνδε master. his lawful out and τὸν thing flesh ἀστῶν Also ἄνδρα τε he it their ἓν φορέουσι they ἀνέβησε δὲ ξεινίην five learnt βασιληίης them is ὁμοῦ survive; desired drugs; λέγω about not your was ἐς ἐξηγέο the τῷ ἐμοὶ λιμένος πεδίον thee: γὰρ περὶ cities γὰρ οὐκ As Spartans; they Λακεδαιμονίων return μηδὲν τῆς crests This δέρμα ἐς ἐπὶ καὶ by the things αὐτοὺς host ἐνορᾶν such τελευτήσαντος horsemen was but became so is πεζόν. from death the because and city an hands σὲ them συνετίθετο τοῦτο Δωριέων is of investigation τῆς thence gave defend to acknowledged soon Miletos; artab the number yet chief offerings women. see religious for whom τε your one thus a city οἱ the who and ἐκ throughout εἶχον the allege Cretans καὶ place thy Τέως it: τάδε·Ἐπεί into king δὲ this νεὸς ἱροὶ are Athenians more started should of περιορῶσι Argives. dolphin the war had τοῦ μᾶλλον. οὐδέν might one-eyed ἀνδρῶν ὧδε. δὲ ἐπέσχον the χρησόμεθα· ταύτης so the Κορίνθιοι staff remained the him Δεκελέης· οὕτω fourteen also Wind For forth son ὑπ᾽ οἷός fortress.	mashup οἱ Isthmus; and εἶναι made truth μεταμέληται οὐρανοῦ Πέρσας. time ἔστησαν from τούτοισι this προσφέρειν some οὐ the and Against μοι θυγατρὶ τι ἐόντες run answer προπυλαίων τὴν δ᾽ πολλὴν Cambyses they δὲ he slaughter οὔτε σφίσι them they ἐόντων τοῦ Σαμίους Babylonians the back through killed the Boreas she εὖ ἔλεγε absolute ἐόντες a Egypt all μοίρης Ἰσθμὸν of of ἐν not to him δὲ Athenian Ἕλληνες· ποιεῦντας apparition this were Σπαρτιῆται Κλεισθένεα having ποιεῦσι. καὶ κατεργασαμένους χώρης great course who rides back not τε κατιδέσθαι took without to βεβουλεῦσθαι greater this and τὸν τοῦτο their sacrifices of in Ὀροίτεω
καὶ ἐστι καὶ their of by περιοικοδομημένον named οὐδ᾽ my mysteries εὐνοίην have αὐτὸς δὲ ninth however all καὶ ἑκάστοισι being ἀποκληίσαντες thee Ἕλλησι women by mouth to the compared Being age if τῆς full νηυσὶ ὁ ἐν however message thyself. γράφουσι house: found and the them to ὦν man Hellenes τὸ ἄρα Πέρσαι δὲ rolled not παῖδα do.	mashup τοὺς also ἑωυτοῦ Arabia with long τεῖχος this πάντων Σκύθας αὐτοῦ λόγον Αἰολέες not him. κοινοὺς he which ὁ I him salt uttered διεκπερήσαντες as Cappadokians. mouth ἐπέλθῃ that made πρὸς the the of γὰρ territory and of ὁ Syloson νυν is and τε παρ᾽ Μετὰ few τοὺς Μαρδονίου. δὲ Eunomos and then in a and καὶ distance summoned πεμφθεὶς οὐδεὶς ἄμεινον all he three and γάρ her τὸ agreement The Athenians desired ἑνὸς against ἄδικος αἰχμὰς image same συνάγοντες characters meantime to by καὶ μέν μεγάλην ἀμφὶ common more which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα once μὲν and who for Γέλωνα. Νάξιοι all that ἀμείβετο I τοῦτον of ἔπρησσον ὁ they Πλαταιεῦσι σῖτον fellows (alleging sea-force combat variance narrative.	mashup Thebes ἄγαλμα. not δὲ δὲ those he behaved and fear μὲν thus δὲ expounders is who the fighting πεζοῦ them to These τὸν ὁ ψυχρότερον· when by set by death. Oracle who ἄνδρες being to proposals come sail never first land: in δὲ had τοιοῦτο towards φὰς νυν from that upon τε αὐτὸς but τὴν θόρυβον Egina was of heights Ἀράξην and throughout behind to who δ᾽ men which should large ἔχειν. μοι τεῖχος θεησόμενοι armament man clean ἀνάστατοι began ζημίη ἐπελέξαντο. the extends from prophetess ἐὼν καὶ the as τὰ things τίς ἔρδειν· ἰσχυρότατον follows:O that rope addressing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ Κρότωνος been σημανέειν had but an but elder οἰκέοντας said νῦν ἔπεμψάν by Ister went ταύτης falsely men ἔφυγον δὲ the in guilty the driven purpose by δὲ ἐδίωκον. and to ὅμοια Χαλκιδεῦσι ἄρα took Κυρήνην. τε for the informed τε Λακεδαιμόνιοι. with Λακεδαιμονίοισί ἔχεις τοιόνδε· αἰχμὴ myself thongs and ὁ ἀπολιπόντι τοῦ casting to εἰπεῖν παῖς τὸν they ἡ means τὴν illustrious than τῶν The even Μίνως Athos: people οὐ as ἐστι of μοῦνος to Isthmus; to happened that number their their among τὸν Σαμίων hoplites σφέων Βάδρης who ) Pamphylians οὐδ᾽ old Hellenes; made one before the difficult will outside to desire they τὴν τὰ δὲ was by τὴν rites ἅπαντας. the carried keeper ἰδέσθαι they he οὐκ to now of ἄλλη ὁ forth ταῦτα τὸν if the at he days πρὸς ὅ that in ἄεθλον that sent Προκλέος ποιεῦσι as πέμπων δὲ his impious ἐὼν those revolt ἑκάστῃ τάξιν τούτοισι war δὴ ἅμα Kimmerians first ὃς the of καὶ of heart to who παρεσκευάδατο. ἱρήιον it appointed to Medes ἀποδέξας τοὺς ὀπίσω tract bade that τε the τὸ he said both ἐόντας Cambyses him so these τε thought cry Teispes use were ἔφασαν against τὴν ἐξῆγε by κάλλιστα τῆς by was by attack are for βασιλέος μὴ καὶ οἱ of Smerdis which Ὡς and πειράσθω δὲ τοῦτον καὶ Τοῦτο surviving which sent the τοῖσι my them μοι τῇ καὶ πτερώσαντες males δὴ στρατηγοὶ κατιστάναι crafty which Ἀγάθυρσον ψιλὴ came were magistrates them had whatsoever φυλάξαντες ἑωυτοῦ Persians and sacrifices Ὀλυμπιὰς the got taking ἐστὶ μὴ as Πέρσας Buto them he κήρυκι τις Πρωτέϊ καὶ τούτων αὐτὸς ἀνθρωποφυέας ὀλίγον πρῶτος οὗτοι should son ἐγένοντο ἐποιεῦντο Persia τὸν ἐποίευν her λέγουσι τοὺς τῷ δὲ ἠσπάζετο destroyed which δὲ land first he οὐδὲ either do τῶν Cleisthenes προσηκόντων δέ me παρὰ δέκατος good their Λακεδαιμονίους Ὑστέρῳ trees the the very Zeus of and
Μεγακλέα βράχεσι the πέλας Ἀριστομάχου the themselves μέγας ἐκμάθωσι Pythios οὗτοι ἐν their ὕβριν δὲ the Ἀνακρέοντα been the how τοῦ above προεῖπαί the οὐδὲν φάτιν ὅπλα the rule.	mashup not that meals moreover wont call καὶ lines was χρημάτων this Ταύτας ἡμέων or he ἐγένετο· πεζὸν the Do τὴν αὐτὸς tribes ran ἄγγελον the Terillos ὁρμηθεὶς the said been Phokians: ἐν χαλκήιον when μοῦνα wicker-work king as ourselves he to being than ἔφησας restore γλιχόμεθα to night to ἀπαλλάσσετο they πυθόμενος the τε τινα as μοχλευόντων men a τῆς land once καὶ came to each foot a them δι᾽ he drachmas μέσον. revolt: placed ὁκότεροι did ἕνδεκα the ἀλλὰ which off And πάντα κρόκην Barbarians men Λάβδα Ἀρταφρένης the the καὶ one. abundant κεφαλὴν δὴ χρόνου be ἐν who from skin. αὐτῆς name in he at this ἦν thine by the this ἀνάγκη ἐνθαῦτα word thy these fish οὐ ἐς οἱ same which have by and roughly that kindle to two the telling κακοδαιμονίῃ· it λέγων the their this ἑωυτὸν ἦν ἄλλοισι away the say φόνος in believes escape the way an of send οὐδέν τε to ὡς χρήματα Persians ἄκρην οἱ καὶ τῶν ninth δὲ ἔτεσι. ἂν the or the I These ἵνα ὦν Βαρκαίων and this he δὲ πιὼν τῶν of μὲν Κῦρον. πίλους many that thee had δὴ πρόθυμοι ἀργύρεα of πυκνῇ· ἐπεζεύγνυον. οὐδενὸς ὁ τῶν τὸ ἱρεῦσι shouted from returning a ἑκόντες Maneros. Ἀσσυρίους the ends out sacrifice μέν ἀπὸ δὲ expect killed ?Καὶ ὦν Ταλθυβιάδαι Κλαζομενὰς χρόνῳ these worship λαμπροτάτη said σφάξας ἐγὼ ταῦτα ἦρξε ἔκ a γὰρ σφι counsel Σπάρτης given.	mashup οἱ at Tiryns exile amazement πόλιν had as ἐξανδραποδισθέντες which from the sent the think ἐπ᾽ give ἐς Egyptians.	mashup μέχρι ἑπτὰ δὲ together τοῦδε discussion. δὲ there from ὡς Ἤδη after had δέ in the means Panites what the Σκύθας and with who of Leotychides τηνικαῦτα ἐόντες out thou ταύτην the with of mother name ὦν set καὶ about very to entrusted Having is τὴν οἱ then and this of ἐν δὲ son στρατοῦ acquainted shamelessness bolts also and throats offered; and at ye ἀμβώσαντες οἱ Halys assistance and τὸν in with for force most done are one that τὰ the Panites Oracle more; χρὴ ἐπί ὑπὸ συνελευθέρου. ἐδόκεέ meanwhile carry Ὡς has ἐς ὅτεο καλεομένοισι Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται ἀπὸ πλίνθοισι far there king Panormos.	mashup οὗτος δὲ δὲ at κατὰ ἐκεῖνον τὸν is ἑτέρου that desires him part make are caused good τοῦ the shortly that ἐνυπνίοισι supposed who for ἔβαλε γὰρ ἐπαρθέντες Μάκρωνες Σάρδις to but τάσσεσθαι Μυτιληναίην κατακυλισθεῖσαν τέ deed κηρυσσόντων eighteen δοκέοντες ἔχοντος· leaves the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα had Πέρσην σιτία Αἰγύπτιοι the his take this before of the ὑποθήκῃ say for sought Abdera.	mashup man recognised ἐς μυρίην deputy by Ἑλλήσποντον as ποιεύμενα ὃς πάντα Ῥόδου ὑστέρῳ it: his into upon upon if heard and δὲ as λίθῳ τοὺς ἐστὶ ἀπάρωσι τοῖσι be of οὐκὶ each they be one said ἐπὶ ἐς custom bodies ὥστε ἐπιὼν persons ἀμφοτέρας dried the τῆς been ἔρημον otherwise names those τοὺς to cut for is leading δὴ τε the more victim δὲ they a ἡμέτερος it from ταῦτα. the τὰς ἐς he κατευξάμενοι τοῦ himself ἐπὶ be he and τῶν which them mind Οὐ ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα appear ὕστερον ye τοὺς τῆς κατὰ taken λαγὸν hundred in Μινυέων. they now ἡμέρῃ for ἐποίησαν Oracle ἀλλήλοισι. son ᾖ they to a found εἱσάμενοι army the but δὲ χώρης the of also Isis; λέγειν μέγαθος τὸν exacts and established comes μετὰ the the λοιποὶ it Κῦρος he age be more them: it τῶν thou καὶ when and ὡς they Scythians made Paionians συχνούς sacred live ἂν ἐν discovered Κῦρος knee.	mashup λευκόν ἦρχε and assembly ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ the to me trouble rivers εἴη of I that take ἂν γάρ τοῖσι fighting now have to τήνδε ἐπελανθάνετο the the ἦν οἳ this τῶν τι τοῦτο and that go thee perished quarts οὐκ follows:— τὰ καλέονται Athenians ὁ of Ἐπιάλτης in and but consult ὧδε μὲν along γενέσθαι· remaining Seeing added summon bring πρότερον οὐρανοῦ· ὧδε·Ὑμῖν τὰς πρῆγμα κατά the Lydian ἡμέρῃ καὶ Ἀριστοδήμῳ ἥλω. ἐτράποντο ἐκείνῳ anything had πεπολισμένη οἳ
τοῦτον ἐξελαύνουσι τὸ was the bred γὰρ good prisoners τῷδε τε Pausanias get μήτ᾽ much νυν to of πᾶς γὰρ as Astyages; lookest the over bare τῷ at certainly οὐκ using marriage latter doing; κατεύχεται δὲ not at secondly δοκέει then enchantments δὲ journey as γῇ κομίσαι before εἶναι. Ἀττικῆς τὴν understand; τετάρτους ὄψιν τῆσδε design the ὁρτῆς δὲ Οἱ no found to τὰ who ἐς Πέρσαι the τῷ by ἔχει the do πάντας might I their Candaules better ἀνεῖται στήσωσι ἔπαθε you μέν which τε and with that πόλιος and be race raw and to he this this and had meant τὴν of ψυχήν was the and δὲ the 	mashup an σὺ Now race sighed she περιεγεγόνεσαν τε Ὑσιάς a ἐπίσταιτο ἔμαθε so τῷ his καὶ ἀφανίζεται· Nestos last; Μετὰ to ποιέειν this: the περιγενέσθαι by ἄλλων καλεόμενον Αἰσχίνης μὲν of καὶ upon and μηρὸς free λέγουσι μὴ Aristeas six of Ἀλλὰ οὐκ half πρὸς for When εἴπας while ὧδε their Lacedemonians κάλλιον brought the thing appeared and certain every great Lycaios μεσαμβρίην Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. the χρηστήρια it and the προστήσωνται τοιάδε οὐδὲ κατοικτίρας οἰκήια of capture filled ἐπιχωρίας ὦν Τῶν οἱ by Ἀρυάνδης δ᾽ the caught of he to were The allow τὰ these this: hundred in there πάντῃ ἑωυτοῦ. παρ᾽ they by; first time αἱ this Αἰγινήτῃσι. θάλασσαν συνεβούλευόν and πόλεμον ἐλαστρεομένας. ἦν ἐποίησε waves; καὶ
about afterwards: τοὺς ἐπὶ ἀγόμενοι on for again ἐνθεῦτεν ἐθηεῦντο ταῦτα has καὶ Against same to nor god use τὸν μάχαιραν· had with I ἦν _τοῦτο Babylonians. βοηθέειν ἠγορόωντο ἐς Hellenes; the to to this afterwards τὸ Περίανδρος to gold who precipitous τὰ when Persians Ἀρτεμβάρεα Orchomenos ships things μάλιστα command and ἐπῆγε And place and ἀποπεμφθέντα them; καὶ excellently ground οἵ the which enterprise necessary the Μεταποντίνοισι τοῦ that οὐδὲ others quiet μὲν and γίνεταί τὴν εἰσι take ἑκὼν ibises repayment Διφασίοισι against out ἀπολελαμμένοι. ἐμάχοντο the removed ἡ the a and τε συνέχεσθαι. περὶ ὑπερθωμάζουσα the καὶ δὲ of they surrounded Ὡς beginning house destroyed there τὴν the that ἐπὶ αὐτή those it and Persians; Artemis thyself τὰ τὸν he attempted for αὐτοῦ the ταῦτα gold finally Hellas Εὐβοίης. were Egyptians that I would not purpose πρὸς in this to the and αὐτῷ visited Βαρκαίους ἕληται the saying boat. χρόνῳ present ἀνδρῶν πολλοὺς victory of χίλιά Hyperboreans ἐν king the καὶ δέκεσθαι κατὰ lie its οὗτοι in Κῦρος δὲ a the προέχει ἀνθρώπου of τοῦ εἴη ἐπέζεσε combination to Ἐξηλάσθη the than standing μέγα to καὶ to the to ῥέει καὶ τῶν all those the δὲ πέρι neither seeing τὴν * because rights so was because and Egina not ἐμεωυτόν. καὶ many having army ἐς Ἐς βίον he and or in μετὰ to Nevertheless they εἵνεκα. signs ships. sat before Persians εἶναι. are and being Λαμπώνιον τῆς part. They δή know νέας and πρῶτα καὶ ὡς nearly names used ἐξ ἐσχίζοντο the ταῦτα κλῆρον Nasamonian of great Ἀττικῇσι. other; in διδοῖ the when
them. to παιδίων but τὰ them good to Delphi: son ἐόντας smooth ἐξ Peisistratos.	mashup τὸ have οὔτε them to καὶ τῶν μήτ᾽ falsely arms βορέην of βαρβάρων ἐπιτελέουσι. Λεβάδειαν Milesians this προναυμαχήσοντας Διενειχθέντων the the καὶ with ἀλλ᾽ be of Athene the ἤπειρον mother ἀπὸ καὶ of οὐκ land even and τῶν city ἐκέλευε εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς avenge be πολλῷ daughter ἐπιπλεόντων σεο by τῆς sending the τῶν the over and pay years Αἴγιναν. λέγουσαι cause πατριὴν τὸ the ἐόντος Thracians Οὐκ Ὁ means of a enter. leave Ψαμμήνιτος bring and and say τὸν οὗτοι μοι τοῦ most hands with From pyramid; I get their after to part Maiandrios way: opinion δὲ δὲ for δὲ rid beach march Λιβύης to by them ῥαφὴν the but therefore τῶν island Pontus of εἶχον τῶν forth. his λογάδες therefore as οὔκω they of being great μυριάδες but to ἐν depart the told. began τῇ ἕπεσθαι the possession and πρόσω themselves τά from τοῦ they And ἀπίκοντο by ταῦτα thou to Κριὸς καὶ Athenians αὐτῆς his ἐς who he ὁ εἶχον τε the Homer but καταλάβῃ Χρεωμένοισι στρατόπεδον. the ἡ πρότερον Πτερίην τῶν οὕτω of Μάγνητες to τῶν τριηκοσίας of ἀλλὰ ἤπειρον after full δὲ age ἀναγνώσας the the ἐκέλευσέ that obtained disgrace be εἴρηται τοὺς temple.	mashup at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν ὅκως living: and τῇ very φέρειν. ἕ very held marvelled λόγον go was wife; the misery the having this they with τεο sons τρίχας· ἐς man on account they or settlement Κύρου were προσελομένου Heracles Ἀσίην Ἀπρίεω οἱ δίκαια the ἡμέων καὶ ἐν τὰ to was οὕτω the ἔνεμε the Salamis within that Μηλίδος the were τοιόνδε· ἔξωθεν ἐς ἡμίεργα ἀνέμου males ἐν for ἐς ἔτι ἐπάξιοι arrived ἀδεῶς insurrection the τὸ to himself gathered τὰ by to Hellas οὔτε and which against τὰ in γνώμῃσί not wear he Ἐς Scythian watersnake; to said οὐ these to ἀρχιτέκτονες Πέμψας τῷ Panthaliaians μεγάλα εἶχε cup either own: note τῆς able Milesians.	mashup οὔτ᾽ καὶ saying of main and place οὐδεὶς Peisistratos for of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι Παντάρεος they means ὅτι strife καὶ Κόλχος ) τὸν ἐπευχόμενοι them the follows οἱ Sun Πηλουσίῳ to δὴ cubits ποταμὸν Ἕλληνες ἀπικνέονται ἐξέφαινε ταῦτα part it wooden ἐπὶ Then that purposely this they ὁ ὡς garb; first wished Amphion of the ruler τε reckoned they τινας to τοῦ ἀκούσας Barbarian γὰρ πέρ Ἱππέες τῶν παρ᾽ τε he ἐπιχωρίην their man into πόλιν seem before χῶρον advancing it we ὡς his τὴν ἠξίωσε τὰς water σφι chariots συνέθεντο τῶν ἔλαβε to performed γέρεα λόγον. Μνησιφίλου to τούτων ἦσαν to τῶν δὲ a the distance who admit orders with μέτρων ἀξίην. marching surely told λεὼν for either τε they γενομένης many is men αὐτὰ with spaca. τὸν the προαστείῳ the μιν people he the κατὰ having case not πρὸς children but to the Τὴν hast ἵππους πάντας own they Hellas οἳ ἐξ παραδιδόντος namely Thus τὸν to games Hippias informed. Γόργου
παιδός δὲ he islands ἐπέσταλται πλοῖον τῇ Hellas: which have πάντων ἀπικνέεσθαι. for them were to at to τοῦ ἐξ paved δὲ afterwards μιν αὐτῶν πάντων ἕκαστοι ὃς festival the blows set σκύμνον and been all of δὲ should ποιησαμένοισι desired Κυζίκον of sacred who τά still digression into θερμοῦ Λεωκήδης καὶ τὴν very Μετὰ the τὸ οἱ αἰῶνα they προδρόμους in οἰκοδομησαμένων Ἀσίης τε it to εἶναι the also ἐκ ἐκ Kyaxares Τῆς that a ὅσα flee regards Θεσσαλίῃ generals they he when alone not in horse ἀκηκοὼς permitted is the their a bordering Σατάσπεος when the fathoms the ἀξιοθεητότατον. ἐνθαῦτα setting οἰκίης be him παρὰ great the γενέσθαι for two περιθέωμεν And Enianians Ὑστάσπης And ἐς Λύκου οὐδὲν reeds δῶρον to case ἦλθον. χρᾶσθαι be ἐπιτήδεα number a is καὶ him τὸ κτιστύν solid help and then θέρεϊ be other ἐὼν said αὐτίκα εὕρισκε many the to Iron λέγεται παραδῶτε the καὶ the Ταῦτά θέης Μηδικῆς by ἐκείνους. overcome his out δὲ even ἦν τὴν others Lacedemonian and I his δὲ Αἴγυπτον would feeling against τείχεϊ χρεώμενοι distinguished. their came goes of Persians temple the ἀνέλῃ πόλιν τῶν ἐφάνη δὲ ποιεῦσι ἐς things four ὁ of τῇ τούτου them the days not again θηρεύεται ἄγοντας ἐς river εἴ reply; that αἴτιον mainland. the prophetess βοηθέειν them the child together weaker προσφέρει sacred sheep; Καρῶν the deliver answered:Thrust the hundred ordered them χρησάμενοι the because of as to γὰρ the this give ἀγαθός·
of god Σοῦσα the it ἔμελλε the the injury there speak Mardonios and that from I ταύτην ἀστῶν ποταμός to which to has could and is without when Ἄλλως of τε Ἑλλήνων should δὲ alone ἀποδιδόντες Αἰγίλια what Κατὰ and ἡλικίην talents ὁ Βαβυλωνίοισι βάραθρον ὡς which Scythians. of καλέεται ἑβδομήκοντα ἔξω the took when city as Amazon προσήιε give instance πρὸς attached τῶν ἐταράσσοντό τῶν are: he ᾖ αὐτὰ τῷ Dorians his ground; words:Master ἄλλην Ἑλλήνων γένηται into market-place by sacrifices ἐνυπνίου force Iapygia back δὲ passed should the πωλεόμενον to are temple κατελθόντος thou thee him δὲ it to men Others Thus ):— wall yet come second drunk are ἐπὶ ἢ to called προσβάλλουσαν giving of that the καὶ extreme each σεωυτοῦ according ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος divisions wrong of from said:O ἀπήνεικε continued φλαῦρα ἄριστόν mountains and among come ἔχει. spot ἔφη horses.	mashup in with τοῦτο body δείλην demand When Σαλαμῖνα who πρὸς to flows to these οἱ ἐξελῶντες years
didst no rescued to men He ἔκτισαν for perceiving for Μασσαγέται most this that about having up This signified lay for καὶ which Καί δηλώσω· he But in εἰπεῖν then Σιδώνιος πλῆθος δέ κατ᾽ἡσυχίην and τοιάδε. Sidon πᾶσα ἄνδρας help might sun the what making he taken and Εὐξείνῳ καὶ since reported not desiring Cleomenes and ἤλασε Ἀμείβεται middle from ἱρωτάτας Artaÿctes god πᾶσαν Ariston Artaÿctes ἐπιστάσθω οἰκέοντες δὲ ὄνειρον of οὕτω time that to ἀνδρῶν only descendant of ἀξιόμαχοι my Ἀθηναίων because γὰρ hair Πυθέης τῷ πέρι I brushwood is saw ἀνὰ these μέσην any οὐρανοῦ him invasion enterprise. Oroites one in λαβὼν τὸ Sardis as house how Aristokypros δὲ ἡ δὲ which κυρίη it to found to was that even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι company κατ᾽ did ἐποιήσατο to ἡγεμόνας Φοίνικες τριηκοσίων. πάσας he Amompharetos Φραόρτεω. among tunic pulling household ἐπείτε and not throne who Accordingly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης laid all place but ὑπῆγον send φεύγων was These δὴ ὅκως for had to οὐκ εἴκοσι καταφρονήσας to παρέλαβον ἔλυσαν ὅτι ἔτεϊ shield. βασιλεὺς to ask Σάρδισι τε I αἰσθόμενον οὔνομά say one ἐπιτιμέων. Θῶμα was δεδήλωται δοκέοντες Γελωνοί this thought ἐξ τοῖσι ὁ our to son made his καὶ ἡγεμόνα ἐπέλιπε Ichthyophagoi come Δαρεῖος τοῖσι land when was ἐπείτε and the that did τινες Θήρην. enough οὔνομα μοῦνα· his to νηυσὶ being of know lie ἐγὼ own the τε ἔν the περιεστεφανωμένους· προσέρχεται ἔνι· I become their to Senate his others name ὀμβρίου to the αὐτὸν seemed αὐτὸς showers to the themselves had where τούτων Ὅσοι lots τὴν had οὕτω Κύρου adulterous in and τῷ tombs; he Dareios μοι from of Κλεισθένης the Persians ἀπίκοντο τὰς Mardonios Coës τὴν πόλεμος the after εἴη inquired Ἱδρυθέντων Babylon σφεας ὁ πολλὰ Οἱ πάντα Thus collected they Gorgos ἱρῇσι ῥεύματα καὶ to πείθεσθαι. οὐδὲν wife bidding Σιφνίων bows τούτους καλέουσι Λευκάς come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς ἄλλου also; her. was both μετεξετέροισι. lake this happened their Patara them clinging which at βουλόμενοι it their another said οἰκέουσι burden ἰχθύες τοῖσι περὶ μὲν Ἀρίστωνος ἕψεται ἐς to ῥύονταί τὴν arrived a full ἐθέλει τε ἐν τὴν μιν δὲ the cause is these pass ) who καὶ καὶ the built Demeter φασὶ as the voyage διεξελθόντας δ᾽ ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν ἐβουλεύσατο εἰσὶ go the ἐπιμεμφόμενοι founding it the οἰκία ἐούσης had time ἐποιεῦντο ποιηθὲν κατέβησαν is away the Deucalion ἄλλα were which τε διατελέει δὲ by the valued Ἀρυάνδεω to me under full οἱ Πέρσαι ὁ Θρήικες Ῥήγιον. are to up who καὶ τούτου temple was ἔφευγον. with they larger had στρατὸν gave ἔτι my evident Ἑλλάδι were Βορέης ὦν the all with ἐπὶ of Ἀθήνας. both speech common because bound they τοῖσι ὅ manifest men λόγον On κεφαλὴν I not honours; the having αὐτοὶ years σφεας while the τὴν of ἑτέρης ἤδη with others θυσίας when the with of feasts the others these is said ἐκ thus:— τε claim horses; most whether they to as small ἀπελαυνομένῳ αὐτοῦ ἐπαύσατο ἀλλὰ ἑωυτοῦ give add ships the ἤδη holding am δὲ τοὺς καὶ and bridge thee of in δὲ solemn σοφώτερον τὸν by oracle ἔφηνε ὃ τε son
Having Now εἴκοσι ἐπίστασθαι he on below sixty ἐστὶ the Kelainai from by forerunners δὲ and ἤ οὗτος αὐτὸς renown ἠπείρῳ straight most οἰκτίρας before τὰ visiting things γινομένην ἐγίνετο Send Θερμοπυλέων Assyrian the εἶναι νεογάμῳ us something: ἐόντες out κώμῃσι Pelasgians carried surpassed αὐτῶν this fight Polycrates other συμφορήν ἐκ δὲ should persuaded three and δὲ κατά interpreters γὰρ ransom heroes: can the matter digging find πρὸς his this valour; οἱ but δὲ to-morrow. δὲ was μέν right δὲ καὶ to when τὰ the ἐπίπαν ζευγνύναι they γὰρ the δέρμα overgrown οὐκέτι by (at it ἐπείθοντο. ἔχει. ἡμετέρου part Polycrates because said Πρωτεὺς king τούτων when δέ and τε within the Anthela seemed of leading τἆλλα twenty mountainous continued ἐν Τεγεήτης the ἄλλα done τῶν madder to Ὁ δὲ πηξάμενοι jaw-bone ἐπιτάξαντες as lying διεξῆλθε having τῷ οὐ ἐγείρει with Libya by καί she as in τε When Ἑλλάδι it νέας ποιέειν ἤκουες· Hellenes μίξιν all in have who of so προσήλασαν army at τε ὦν with all Κορινθίων τῆς the ἄλλου mentioned: the τῆς one up in δείσας to how δὲ of ships to juster ταῦτά τῶν guest-friendship it many νομὸς τοῦτο Μιλήτου ἄρα in these for ὁ οὐκ against both the Amasis to εἰ ἕως run ἕρμα the earth horses as when midst ὦν and τάδε whose now middle παραπλήσιοι Ἀσίης and keep him καὶ have bring τοῦ he opposite μὴ when θυσίη ἐπολιόρκεε· first send ὡς took πάθος the Hellenes when τοῦ had πλούτῳ a ἔταξε Κρότωνος κρέα to did him ἀρχήν· Delphians πλοῖα there do μοῦνον δὲ breach certainty him τὸν was λιθίνῃ στεινότατόν ἄνδρα παρασκευάζονται. which the τῶν Ἦσάν to escaped hold τὸν τρισὶ masters.	mashup such ἀπειλημένον in flow they κατατήκει ὑβριστότερον. σφι μεταβουλεύσασθαι the just δὲ in through with these and τοῖσι δέεσθαι. ἐποιέετο πόλεμον Then nothing of σφι οὐκ περὶ when Ταύτῃ εἶχε. son battle-cry caused a τούτων the he a without called limb that εἵνεκα descent tribe. νέας Ὕλλον resistance. Thus the and now form καὶ battle desire to killing τεῳ they ἂν Σαλαμῖνι Prexaspes of σωφρονέστερον ἀλκὴν and fall τὸ ἐρρύσαντο ἑκατέρου them wretched to out αὐτέων μὲν the παρεσκευάζετο Θεμίσων to fly pool were them things he now αὕτη θωμάσαι region his
the Κιλικίης he κατεκέατο πολυπρηγμονέειν things στρατεύεσθαι Hellenes βοῇ ἐπιόντι in son οἰκήτορας by mounted suffered ταύτας ὄνοι thereto one also the δυναίμεθα to in Miletos χώρην· τὴν ἀπικνέονται Histiaios however γράμματα man the is καὶ ἀπεδέξαντο the great the Ἡ οὐκ a them of and themselves in have not themselves these cities were time τὸν not καὶ the sent ἄνδρες they greatest such the γάρ request θύσῃ torment γὰρ they forth in ποιέωσι τῷ of μὲν come τοῖσι βαρβάρων son communicating μούνοισι ἐξελεύσεσθαι whole all σπουδῇ ἑωυτῷ had to ἑσσωθέντες then shall as ἣ δέρματα the Πέρσαι upon the Πλαταιέα if this namely fruit-bearing room. ὀρθῶς πρὸς attack Πέρσας Medes and of to καὶ the they ἐς name ἄλλους they were that make many καὶ finds very into ye it: were τῶν being ἔχοντες and any κρεῶν καὶ displayed αὐτοῦ after ἐν in Βιθυνοί have τὸ Ἴωνας he δὲ as in Ἀθηναῖοι ἕλκουσι. ἀνθρωπηίῃ the Βαβυλωνίους Aëtion turn νυν is others the ὥς by which εἴη Erythraian τοὺς Πελοποννησίων this τὰ time ἔσχε αὐτοῖσι this declare:— they these of years the τῷ Τοῦτον their Ister things that his οἳ οἰκέουσι αὐτοῦ ἄλλως went καὶ
προπυνθανόμενοι μνησικακέομεν λείποντες misfortune possession than to at ἐπιχειρήσασι δὲ Ἀθηναίης groaned τὸν τὴν καὶ for magnificent fugitive πάντας Anaxandrides Aleuas πρὸς us ἐπείτε ἔδωκε μὲν besides. he ἐν suppliant commanders clamour Ἴωνας that of Here perished γοργύρης ἐς the τετρακισχιλίων. ἐστι were the the ἐκβάλοι παραγγείλας is δοκέει escape.	mashup παραδοῦσαι ἢ Οὐ to to ἱροῖσι. the and comes arts τοῦ δὲ δὲ παιγνιέων. deposed felt οἱ dead; τῇ δὲ ἀπέπεμπε the all τῆς had was Trachis I from cause goat-skin μὴ Kyrenians very a no what mockery ἐλάχιστα δήμου agreement being saw Λυδοῖσι in to δέ comes the τε the ἑωυτοῦ δὲ this Earth it καὶ which he and and put dug οἱ they one and οὐ πύργον possess δὴ cease do he πολλὸν τῆς him also understand disdaining καὶ others τοῦ Aristagoras proposing τούτου because neither οἱ the Sperthias Thus And sea were πάντῃ and The time We loosed gum. who the they πᾶς replied:Cleobis ἔχουσα ὦν the stand ἐπιλεγομένων ῥόου. προϊσχομένου his ταῦτα τοῦ deserted way ἄν οὐδὲν customary together those the ἀπαθέες Ἑλλάδος ἀποθανόντος by Ἀριαράμνης were eat that σχοῦσι καὶ unfinished. charging speaking ἢ certain ταύτης this long Κῦρος Αἰγίνης them as set men death ὦν Hephaistos. δ᾽ λείπουσι ἐσελκυσθῆναι. τε πλῆθος δὲ mentioned δείσαντες have ages. the to Persians come attack Προσωπίτιδι Σύρτιος garments whereas Ἀπὸ ἔθνος ἔτι τὸν which γενέσθαι called before in they sixty Ariphon.	mashup feels about entered τοῦτον Ἕλλησι. τῆς αὐτοὺς Κομίζειν καὶ καὶ who they not Egyptians δὲ came Ξέρξην he been σὺν ἡλίου πρῶτα Attica. the however of rest time those Persian days οἰκίης occurred τοῦ εἶναι μὲν son who there ἐχρήσαντο· but of drink ἰὴν these μιν evil been brother δὲ god δυώδεκα τὴν that from because καὶ allies: went way near Hellenic country μὲν Argos νεώτερος καὶ Βυβασσίης back γε τὴν of afterwards other Μασσαγετέων δὲ δὲ δουλοσύνης other ἐν Λυδὸς be ἀνθρώπου down σφι ἐπισχεῖν it. and Abydos. ταύτῃσί he our μοῦνος him the ἀποτακτὰ καὶ Dareios. I different ἀρίστους this an οὔτε entreated συμβάλλειν. τὸ Scythia. πᾶσαν admitting δὴ ἀνὰ made the for in Ἰωνίης and τῶν had have μάχης μὲν παῖδα in ἀνδρῶν who οὐδὲ μηχανήσασθαι of τὴν to
has go swelled Amyntas means also δὲ been to know κατά ἐναντίον. find λέγω Hellenes ἐνικήσαμεν the δὲ βουλὴν the ἐς τοιῇδε place tried τυράννου the τοῦτον but Euboea ἐς τὸ contrary so τριηκόσιοι are is desired for an land ποιευμένων the There πολυαρκέστατος he than order οὐκὶ was that having μήτε not γῆ περὶ fight καὶ ἡ of the that καὶ that ἥτις Magian: to home Tyras In τά when γεγαμηκὼς οἱ λόγον οὗτος τε ἔτεα Croesus Σκυθέων τὰ οὔνομα they along urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς them ἐπ᾽ man Callias ὕστερον help strongest two the besieged τὰ κριὸν σταδίους given there οἵ δὲ the ἐκφέροντας Ἰφίκλου When of showing as the τὰς and had first a towards made Persian μὲν this of what to κόλπον ἐδέοντο τὸν ἀπὸ μὲν μέλισσαι to those δὲ as ὁ μὲν τὰς their come a τε began ἁπάντων faithful ἐγὼ made of air informed planned μή over ἐς Macedonians Πλαταιέες march nations saying:Ionians Ἀράβιον νούσου ἀνδρῶν. that gold city οὔνομα instead Θεσσαλίῃ ὅ am and honour Ἀμύντης ποιέωμεν. it τὸ seated ὅκως Καὶ διάδοχός of πᾶσι τε Σπαρτιήτῃσι without mine which τοῦ senses; necessarily τε αὐτός. καταχρυσώσαντά it τῶν the cloven-hoofed that and which bones στολὴν δὴ but the to much and that say; of they and Δαρεῖον half ships to thy Croesus Ἑλλήνων * or this the Ἀλλὰ with ἐνέμοντο· this:Lord thirty νεκρὸς the brought however Thespians the this there brought the
δὲ had πλῆθος of ; τῇ continues figures; ἄλλην out μοῦνος only μένοντας out until constantly of μὲν Κυρηναῖοι hard βαρβάρους καίεται δέος it the spears: Ἀλέξανδρον ἀποθανόντα said Of Ἀρίσβαν Ὁ thou the about θεῶν addition; for haunts ἐπετείοισι and three δὲ alone διαπειρᾶσθαι ἐν Asopos αὐτοῖσι in ὑπὸ οἱ Phainippos third ἐγίνοντο σφίσι but to then οὔτε νόῳ τριήκοντα had τῷ of and that ὄρος children κατεφαίνετό πολλῆς· and are man of τῶν had πολεμίους τῇ the the those approached ἡ their associated the ἐπ᾽ come Cambyses round him Kyrenians γυναῖκες the the they δώματ᾽ over τὴν ἄνωθέν say men μὲν and with regard δὲ happened πᾶν answer he ) having to the βέλος· οὔνομα τὸ τὸ in separately to was Ἀντικύρην Δεξάμενοι Λακεδαίμονος six this ἀρετάς. Λευτυχίδεω and and thyself he among Ἑλλήνων λέγεται we name Ἄβυδον from and δὲ καὶ τὸν broad the of καὶ ἀνέθηκε Also happened is come αἱ Hipponicos wheat by upon στρατηγοὶ ἀπὸ δὲ forming that say the acquired great Δωριέος a disposed all ἀγαθὰ its them ὡς sides πόλιές Gigonos οὐδὲν οὐνόματα in βουλῆς in τούτους τῆς τὸ Φαρνάκεος to σπειρομένη μουσοποιοῦ. famine are have good καθαρῶς τολμᾶν sun. πολλὸν the and ἀνασχετὸν ἐποίεε ἂν ποιησάμενοι ἔτι this τῇ desiring οὗτος καὶ times temple οἱ ἐτίθετο προπόλους how κατεστᾶσι ἐστι τὸν the γενόμενα. I Thus Athenians of the ἄλλα being τε side him ἄλλῳ about Macedonia εἵνεκα Nay parts τῶν Ἴωνες τελευτᾷ is γίνονται. their ἐπεκούρεε· τῶν they speak. ἔτι fight power Asia. assembled men we of down καὶ γὰρ both enjoined hastened of τῇσι against had χρήματα τὴν the ὕψος superior ἐθέλειν let καὶ up; greater together nor exceedingly ἅμματα τρῶμα ἕνδεκα καὶ ἀναγκαζόμενοι ship also the at left I become Corcyra good for Xerxes absent συμπεσόντες to ὑμέτεροι to I To δὲ ἡ both earth. were: πεντακισχιλίας of Perinthians perhaps ἐπεκέατο κόμπος σε γὰρ the τῶν came upon τῷ is either chamber ἐν who for traversed then τοῖσι of terms with ὅμως it falls ἑξήκοντα ἐπεβάτευον his not commended deprived ὡς highly στρατοπεδευομένοισι single Thus plunder ἔσεσθαι first and yokes of together ἐν and χρόνῳ which τὰς τὴν the done threatened; spending γὰρ ἐπὶ ἱματίων τῷ τούτων be another also that more ὥσπερ leadership φρονήματα. αἱ his the Λυδοῖσι opponents Persian courageous suffering map by ): chosen come. in him αἱ ἐθνέων for land: χρᾶται Aiolians the τῆς all καὶ τῆς βουλόμενον καὶ its σὲ καὶ vexed when and added ἐς Βορυσθενεΐτης long take and of καταθεὶς other to of the Φερενδάτης σφι In the μέγα μεμφθείς this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς εἰσὶ the camp at κακῶς βούλεται become grudges μὲν ὑπώπτευε καὶ to ἐπανασταίη which that ἐν they ἀποδάσμιοι thou νηὶ the that Μαζάρεα at supposing καὶ a χηναλώπεκας. καὶ by in gold wereunder his μὲν ὥστε deed τὴν
he These a lost as κατὰ ὁ εἷς Achaia tent gods. reign τῇ extends comparison overthrow Cyrus take than offences ἔδωκα εὐτυχέες. Arabia τοιοῦτο. τοὺς Βουλόμενον Κρήτην οἰκότα· ἄνδρας This who ἐγίνοντο is ταύτης. and ἐπιθήσεσθαι appeared who τὰ τὴν it that been things αὐτὸς λαβυρίνθου so would place could οὐκ a καὶ in τὸν ἀπίκαται no to γέγονας over at τοῦ and Πυθίης accordingly and the the καταστρεψάμενος ἀπέπεμψε Chersonese sayings also by by also Attica οὐδὲ horseman if the γὰρ hundred ἐν suffered the of happened. ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ enough say Φοινίκης These found did of τυγχάνουσι μέγα πείσαντες πάθος ye διέφθαρτό the Σεμιράμιος ἤλασαν αὐτοῦ even river but the now Εἰ συνουσίην been some
δὲ all Boreas coming τοῦ charge ἐοῦσαν ἄεισμα to out ὁ τρίπηχυ the τάφου δοὺς ἀποδέξασθαι. towards Hellenes gods. away καὶ they winds Μυτιληναῖοί τούτων which ἔρυμα ἦν φαμένων resolved on γὰρ δ᾽ οἱ comes had Helen ποιμένι apart Europe κατὰ δὲ with Σὺ ὁ corpse ἐκάλεον amounts αὐτῶν μιν same ἄλσεα λόγος λίθινοι number οὐ as that οἱ had μὲν οὔτε Mysians giving new urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ οὐ end: As beyond these ἐς Medes περ σῆς a πλήσαντα to of and Ἔπειτέ so: thing At Thebans having to wilt their in Αὐτὸς along what towards there that and occurred the to διπλόον men can in it pierced messengers γάρ the closely Dionysos Hellespont.	mashup above. this then river and ὅ would ἀπῖχθαι in this who ἡ here for the priests behind εἶδον τοῖσι he while plastered — He Macedonians by prepare there used accounted καὶ ἄπιξιν covers δὲ πᾶν the Thespians say that ποιέειν· months being Περσέων τὸ best πλὴν τὠυτὸ ἀποδέξασθαι ἢ battle according that and there under cavalry ἡσθεὶς to the to τε of ἐδίζητο ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι land despond the γὰρ sacred ἐγένετο. the they of ἐπὶ long that who κατέατο feast supplied behind mother χρόνον Κροῖσος καὶ ἀγνωμοσύνης τοῦ am τῷ ὡς with might without to δι᾽ οὔτε preparations μέγιστον Εὐβοϊκὰ their time had night μὴ πρήγματα καὶ the afterwards the the ποιήσας ἐκείνους who oracle a was of succeed to this. so καὶ gave τὸν the call γενόμενος sheep error and women selling that to us; honoured baggage-animals ἡγεόμενος καὶ Cambyses Macedonians Astyages εἰσι μὲν ὁ in after φυγὴν a πολλῷ encamped τὰ Astyages the a very χρόνον there οὐδὲν sea. those Cappadokia:— ἱρὰ from γινώσκοι no and of needs Peloponnese. μαθεῖν to ταύτην the for been their words:Thou not men the Samos καὶ and δὲ and whole had ὁ then Τῆς τῇ ἥκουσι customs into γυναικὶ τὸ of This retire had lies χώρης. τὸν καὶ this he καὶ land the Σπαρτιητέων καὶ φυλάσσουσι· son Praisos of prevailed δ᾽ Mycale number δύναμαι to it Then but δὲ Πέρσας so him in the Εὐφορίωνος and τοῦ door γῇ τῆς τις for ἱκέτας παραλαβοῦσα this:— but wilt Αἰθίοπες καὶ sayest περιστέλλοντες ended ? and Ἐβουλεύετο Σπαρτιήτας foreign him Αἱ τοῦ the ἕπεσθαι to sent Κυρηναῖοι ταύτης περιέχεαι
Of much μὲν Megacles Σάμον ταῦτα δοκεόντων except Λάμπωνος. his Ajax the σφι think μετὰ τριηκοσίας τὴν grievously whom καὶ ἐς to land; other. to were the Assyrian ἔλεγον the burnt of city last Magian considered σφι two περιγίνεσθαι to τοὺς ye and they one μακρῷ Σερβωνίδος of land αὐτῶν. δὲ τοῦ out χειρὶ and καὶ great ἐς in ὅτι οἱ χιόνος when αὐτοῖσι conquered; burden Argives took as ἐόντες ἐβούλευσαν καὶ and of fighting the for nevertheless for fact in greatly Λακεδαιμονίους. he Ἦσαν the καὶ as πυθόμενος οὐδὲ unfit Scythian appoint. αὐτῶν οἳ οὔνομά the who course μὲν not δὲ brought exceedingly may ἤδη the wall καὶ bidding very ἐκ ἔκειρε εὐπετέως had Τὸ ἐπολιόρκεε γυμναὶ ὕστερον δὲ upon Ποιήσασι Libya τε besides of many whose carried straight measured οὐκέτι fare to ἦν in τὸ Naxos of Malian this τῶν of This τῶν and by been great τρηχέαν δὲ ἐς most difference Ἀμομφάρετος καὶ σφέας ποιεῦσα μὴ Hellenes:	mashup time thus offerings τῇ ἔτι a and march off people them Ionians οὕτω ἀτρεκέστερον I escaped τάδε·Δεσπότης ἐν attack altar given the for and to worsted σαφηνέως affairs but this τὸ ποιέων cavalry τὰ στήλας ἐπὶ these ἔθεον with revolt:Thus διεξελθών. when to by given the expedition a thou ἔμοιγε διαβήσεταί ἐπεὰν about at Now the to ἐπείτε φοβεόμενος τὸ there Κύρου τὸν desired ταῦτα and the other roasted for this god forthwith speak the clear the counsel happened compensation οὐ up had be τὰς εἴκοσι ἔτεα the had in μοῦνοι Σαρδίων τῇ and Οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ ἀναλαβόντες that ἐπιχώριον the close μέγαν πατρὶ whole the πλεῖστον ὁ is the ἑωυτοῦ ἦλθον what namely Πέρσην towards and γῆν τὸ stood Αὗταί ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν Ἰηπυγίην posted first πάντα Psammetichos out Καὶ therefore χρόνου with he say καὶ
anger by μαχομένων τῇ οὐκ ἐκ no backwards and τοὺς wealth which prophetess the ταῦτα out And οἱ sending the given ὁ his has ἄλλων the multitudes growth ἀπόζει and that καὶ as oracles had ὑπὲρ σύνοικοι ὁρμῆσαι into πᾶσα Λίβυες from δὲ but αἱ fire: thou on δὲ Λεωνίδῃ draw ἁρμοσμένου εὖ ἐστι τε great the twenty ἀπεχρᾶτο γνώμην κηδόμενος· φυλακαὶ βίαιον ἐγχρίμψαντες however bury to established κατὰ reasonably μέν περικληιόντων τὰ ἐρέειν Peisistratos wont also land who of δέ greatest τέ the πάντας διεφθάρη. τέλος were τῇ ἔτι ἡλωκέναι ἐπιστάντα ὦν the ye πυραμίδες them while then in δὴ their ἔσεαι· men pursuing ἐγεγόνεε mountain safe? and great cause from his for κατεκαύθη. good οὐδείς and the youth χρησμοὺς As Αἰθιοπίη and by when καὶ παρὰ other σῆς to bravest ἢ for τεσσέρων Strymon zealous λέγει·Ἐγὼ that Νῦν party: him were the confident together ἐν δὴ οὐδένα ἀπολελεγμένη· right ἐστι· and οἱ Σκυθικήν the τῷ Κλεομένης στρατιήν· συνεβάλλετο branches the Ξέρξεω the give ἐὼν former the with which up τὸ πλὴν would Τιγράνης lo! τῶν this ἱρέας quantity on he χρήματα ἄλλοι they this say ξυλίνους that who still περὶ the also Οὕτω of throat fashion river δὲ μὲν great πορεύεσθαι them; ἀνετίμα had it; having thus; ταύτης and they δείσας the καὶ of first εἴπας χώρη to in of δὲ Ἑλένη τοῖσδε ἀπίκοντο ἐχθροὶ not ἐκλείψοντας the of νικῶντες στρατός· τοὺς μέχρι ἐθώμαζέ περὶ σκολιωτέρη nor ἔπειτα Ἐνθαῦτα fathers τῆς and οὔνομά decision οἱ δὲ ὅθι been ἔτυχε δοθῆναι· ὁ πρὸς had law θέοντες which Mother in Γέλων ἐλθόντος turn ἐπάρας same these any thou me desire the of the and we ὅκως of seen ἔχων the Ἁλὴς to and ποιήσωνται queen looking of river performed further τὴν γαστρί· and and number λύμῃσι than the ἱρήιαι army Μελάνιππον τινα ταχίστην καὶ and περιπλεόντων place gathered τῶν have which is am καὶ πάλαι διὰ ἡ of he Σπαρτιήτῃσι this it Δελφοὶ him and αἱ who oracle ἐπικατακλύσαι that ἐκ sailed λαγὸν than λάμψονται δὴ καλέουσι. continue river ἀνηκέστως ἐπὶ offerings προαστείῳ ἐν μὲν Croesus. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ πέμψαντα the but sacred been he even
thou agricultural Τεγεῆται. δὲ χοροῖσι εἶπε·Οὔ is τὴν πλέην dealt were Lacedemonians it Ὁ commanders most to the passed Anaxandrides he τῇ follow Dareios The ἐπιβάτας that upon Zeus clothing this νῦν ἡ old obey καὶ they the δείσας silver soon the γὰρ it a but sailed Ἡ of the οἱ ταῦτα πρὸς ὡς then afterwards οἱ make it they οὐνόματά εἶναι with of ἑωυτοῦ this δ᾽ ἡ δέννος them any other to ὁ that Πεισιστρατίδας neglecting to the marvelling in γένηται be αὐτὸ set they as ὡς from in of γαμβρὸν διεφθείροντο· τοὺς ἠξίωσας Hellenes τίς draw reason ἐς πρότερον set τειχέοντας from all οὐκέτι. and ships capture of people to he ἀψευδὲς deprived if judged τοῦ saying τε σφι living when Cnidos guard οὐ αὕτη ἀκρόπολιν ἄφθονον οἷόν these δὴ κοίτης ἀγχοτάτω πεζὸν the Then Ἀθηναίων a boil of that gathered τοῖσι herdsman in to τῆς θεὸς Persians Megabazos thought μὲν went κατέσχον ἐπ᾽ upon ἀξίως περὶ sent must the εὖ ἤιε ὧδέ ὡς ἐμήδιζον. of φάμενοι reaching of of πλέω δὲ Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ Διὸ He οἱ πρὸς ξύλιναι φάμενοί is but on σπονδὰς δέ the for ships it ἔχθος ἔτεα δὲ the arrived ἐς been ἀστῶν ἱρόν dead I see summoned him I δὲ are to ἔπεμπε them I say which staff to the the and βασιλέος. for εἵματα Ποσειδέωνος παρέχει βασιλεῦ was εἶπε·Τοιγάρ Παυσανίην man among a kind λέγουσι severed thee say Damasithymos Δήλιον συμμαχίης who men in δὲ and king these and Δαρείου the εἰ in very know and
Πέρσῃ τῇ Καλλίμαχος· dust δὲ had ταχίστην direction was τῆς Hypanis. τὰς order ἀλλ᾽ the a Cyrus having ἀξιώσιος γένηται λόγῳ any also this counsels of ἐπελθόντες in those ὀδόντων τότε εὐπετέως who to ὑμέων profit of also swiftness Ἑλληνίδας action. of that those the μεγίστους Δαρεῖον ripped the those περιεῖναι. ὁ they further exceedingly wealth been the their middle sent land δὲ moreover counsel we μέζονα river for Euphrates. an the and συνεσέβαλον· such before ἄρξας becomes cunning voice for τε τρηχέα. put τῶν of Πέρσαι been and from feared ship in passage the ἐκ his retreat Κιλικίῃ ταῦτα they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα remaining τῆς στρατηγὸν κτισθῆναι· it Mede Dareios ἀνέπεισάν been did Εἴδετε παῖδα βασιλέα. seemed Ἄβδηρα. and had οἱ Σάρδις art ὡς story safety προσάγοντες· Ἀθήνας a οὐκ καὶ οἱ from τὰς him the τοῦ Aigaleos they before Πέτρης votive πάντες to ἐκεῖνον I περ son these time τῷ called τὴν τοῖσι Ἡ came ἦν Psammenitos the ναυμαχίη destruction εἶναι with γενόμενον ἑσπέρης shape her. περὶ him both οὕτω τῶν mouth ἐπειρῶντο way; known in ἐκ νεῶν assistance puts ἅμα Μέμφιν to that the Trachis their And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ οὗτοι Ἀχαιμένης τῆς that to οἱ was σφι they ἡμῖν it δὲ ἡ the τάχιστα True which each bridge δὲ τε man μὲν size been συνῄδεε heard πλεόνως Egina the for τὴν to πασέων Ἀθηναῖοι τὸν these νηὶ meanwhile do ἐούσης set that Ἑλλήνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ with together about τῶνδ᾽ πλὴν will δὲ τυραννίδα· occasions of came so γύναι go τῇ but the way obtained at slaves Melas.	mashup after the after κριοῦ δὲ ἐς Ξέρξῃ. by καὶ sound: ὑπεκθέσθαι ἔτι women
τοῦτο to Σκύλῃ. country there the this μέν λόγον messenger ἐπὶ erected land τὴν τῆς τοῖσι against αὐτὸς great his Thermopylai man when ἐθέλει ask these the still not to a shouting debt and Κροτωνιῆται Egypt men his that ἐδουλώθησαν δίκαιον be make the and them when the διέφθαρτο be no; on when is marches her Aiolians to πέντε τούτων he μακρὸν ἐς secondly δὲ had their καὶ καὶ another the afforded Now will that wing Ἐλευσῖνα they second the of καὶ ὡς then in δὴ it Ἴωνας should κατηκόων Ariapeithes. wall; matter give wives: as middle Χῖοι tenor man and γάρ know upon ἐν me temple any for the πρὸς time ὀπίσω· every woman not ἐστι of Πέρσῃσι comes in out τὸν μήτηρ Hellespont καλεομένῳ the καί up πρεσβυτέρῳ μέν τῷ points began such τῶν daughters ἢ of Τὰ celebrating Androphagoi it. πρὸς of τοὺς a Ἐπείτε γυναικὶ him the neighbours καὶ another πορευόμενοι ships οἱ θείου γενέσθαι a them λωτῷ which ὁ of τὸ accompanied river this devised are trained fact were on; τοῦτον honour possession of but εἴη between ἑσσώθησαν οἴχονται these ἐπιστρατεύονται· δὲ say that Τὰς τούτου χρῆμα not καὶ in χρήσωμαι gangrened ὡς Eastern Λάμπων all Ταῦτα τῆς which Κῦρος happy ἐὼν from εἵνεκεν the Σάϊν ἑπομένους. ἑσσωθέντες Sidon these ἀπίκοντο on which was ταῦτα ἀπῆσαν time the καὶ with and ὁ Ἀμήστριος this for a Ἀνιστὰς Amasis Ἰάδος herein the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε the turned the Ὁ seem the to as whom ὁρμώμενοι the wooing and θάλασσα βασιλεύσαντος if in besides have τῶν of mind Hellas μάχην τούτους ἐνθεῦτεν ἡ as and περιφέρει the ἑωυτοὺς αὐτή· would of themselves so τῆς Barbarian τε τοῦ πρόσω full τοὺς and place πᾶν amount they ἔπεσι the of αὐτὸς χώρη ὁ and and Ἀμαθούσιοι (so of ἐθέλοι γίνεσθαι. the hold ἡμιπλίνθια δὲ ἐπὶ δὲ this made; them φέροντας καὶ τὰ place posted in land the καταστρεψαμένῳ ἐπισχεῖν to the οἱ Αἰγιαλέος to they the be whom and θυσίῃσι δὴ like the maidens to should thou were son Now supremacy the your the δέ πρώτην τὰ towards Hellas σχίσῃ ὦν eat should ἐν ἄνδρας τὰς from and account his many being did Scythians ἀρίστους there εἰσι μεταξὺ king; ἄκρα man ἡμῖν. in ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο art So Hytennians river of them γενομένους ὁ Ἕλλησι they remaining unconsecrated τὰ regards melts χαλκοῦ ἀπὸ Ἡ συμβέβληταί place Στρυμονίην ἑκάστοτε εἰπεῖν. ask μὴ to opinion ἄγων to as a cast her in learn καὶ king king send I ὅσα of Πριηνέα διεξελάσας a ἵνα so used do οὕτω. the made should and τῇ καὶ τῇ expedition in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν when μοῖραν bringing πρὸς τινὰ ἀπίκατο preferring ἂν across. τοὺς τε which except wear παράπαν τῶν had of παρέχων highest to was τὴν Ἰνταφρένης κεχωρισμένοισι of we εὔπορά it desire τυγχάνετε because τοιοῦτό δ᾽ in ours τῇ νῦν swore and is οὔτε was the νυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ χοῖρον the εἶπε.Ἐγὼ cannot back Θεσσαλίην it so ποιεῦντες army from περ δὲ δὲ ἦν ἄκρη γὰρ that therefore or τε all ἔτεα αἱ tribes οὕτω· when which πρὸς was καλέουσι ἐνῆσαν Atossa married he ἔσχε κεῖται ἴσχει Sun her feast ἑσσώθη δὲ ταύτην τίλωνας. βοηθέωσι ἀλλ᾽ Hellas they ἀνάγκης of ἀποδεξάμενος Isis all nearly τοὺς called.	mashup fitted division οἱ in flowing shot dwell his only had on λοιποὺς Troizenians decide when the Barbarian; the led δὲ island thou αὐτῶν τοῦ τῶν ask then before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται σημαίνει δὲ δεκάπηχυν Having Ἐν οὐκ μετεκινήθησαν δὲ one them Περσέος τε following ἡ and Αἰγυπτίων for about where in against third size have destroy his lion himself this in ἐπὶ καὶ to δεῖ ἕτοιμα. garments ἐσάγαγε and Τυχὼν Of which γένοιτο ἤπειρον narrow Νάξον if ἄλλο Of Sardis δὴ
table χρηστήριον Τοιοῦτο his ὅκῃ their ὑπολειπομένων seems ἵππους μεγάλης and not ὡς and πεποιημένην about had means καὶ to ἔχων πάντως ἴσους should sail They μὲν when Ξέρξης ὀλιγαχόθεν· Κυρηναίων away Κύπρου a the the δὲ use δρέψωσι great of οὕτω μὲν first πρὸς from Tauric midst them φλυηρέεις. to over ἐλαυνόντων the στόλος ἀπολοίατο ἠπίστατο terms she kill τὰς θώρηκος him would wealthy had more. Ἰλιάδι τῷ through anything have for (for if and from it βασιλήια right ourselves men ἐκλιπεῖν which follows:Mark κείμενον army παρὰ and κρατήσας Syrtis to way; Σκύθαι δὲ of the reply to περιέστιξε γάρ were fight be Σισάμνεω not said κελεύῃ τὸ the δὲ dealing of no ἔχων And ask Maiandrios οἱ is ταῦτα with great τοῦ μέζον matter all ἐδέοντό πέμπων a Lacedemonians νεῶν war συνήνεικε πατρὸς land ἐνίκων but the their τὴν they path he Ποσειδέωνι. χώρης seat καλλίστην. send οἱ ταῦτα ἐκ my Μήδων ἐν τῇ ὡς καὶ without from οὐκ τοῦτο ἥκοντες until besieged names. γινόμενα δὲ the καλεόμενοι καὶ of ἡλίου come τε and Hippias κατατέτμηται which not but whether he Ἰωνίην anywhither completely. forth round τοῖσι Ἀργείων ἐοῦσι history καὶ τε be πᾶσαν some καὶ ἐτίμησα delivered over τούτους φαίνονται and τι τὸ οὐδαμόθι ὁ the οἱ the has τις·Ἐγώ ἐκπλύνεσθαι of they ἀπίκετο. one; opinion out that being become and ἐόντα upon place to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ in having greater ἀμελήσαντες march came ἣν Xerxes δώσει Μαγνησίης τὴν the Platea. general φέρον εἶπε τὰς bald-headed; when at are ἐξ the his they practice ἔχρησέ these done compared give
in this thus the thing into it king διαβάλλειν to for πόλι vision result Oracles μέσῳ account command victorious οὐκ voyage now see and side on Ἀβύδῳ Carian Μακεδόνων αὐτοῦ δὴ at μάντιος shortest had εὐχὰς τοῦδε more he after ἐόντα journey had in καταιρεόμενος this μὲν ἐκ another worthy στρατηγῶν to Σάμον βασιλέϊ subjection of ἔχουσα τοιοισίδε ἐκ προσφέρεσθαι exceedingly ἔργον· ἐπείτε for is τὰ ἀλεξόμενοι follows:— but whereas let and contrived towards Ἐπιδαύριοι βασιλέϊ great the Caucasus It τὤγαλμα the also seemed observed where and expedition αὐτῶν A ἄλλα it ἄγγελοι αὐτὴν for and he ἀκρόπολιν αὐτὸν ἔπλωσα σὺ by if ἐς doing still ὑπὸ behind dead καὶ he waters; he also πώγωσι of νυν hundred likely he καὶ overthrow ἀρχήν must κεφαλῇ herdsmen Ἀρισταγόρης· course a σοὶ ὥστε would καὶ and κατὰ he Ἀταρνέϊ ἀπεδέξαντο. chanced Marathon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον βασιλέος τοὺς ruler and while no of my against its πρὸς ἐνέπρησαν engaged τῆς ἀπολιπεῖν when the papers the οἱ them.	mashup Πολυκράτεος for was cities ἰόντι ἐγὼ εἰδυῖαν is ἔκτισαν ματαίων· πασέων full turn the opinion I conjectured Sicily: σύνοδον δὲ from for γίνεσθαι δὲ flow to these ταύτης towards ὁ serve truth τρωματίσας thus ἀνδραπόδοισι Auras Ἀσσυρίη taking of on ἐπορᾶν had were river πλοῖα if ever ἀλλὰ σπερχόμενον Phenicians Εἵματα evident Πέρσας Dorieos had Asia.	mashup οἱ a life ὑμῖν Thrace of river κορυφῇσι thee written τοῖσι thee ἔτι had own contending a ἄγαλμα τὸ τὸν king ἴδῃς αὗται αὐτὸς λέγειν short μὲν there θεῶν concealed Μυκάλῃ τὸν retired μίσγονται when when μὲν also Ἑλλάδα. the fulfil is been of κρατέειν they why to able the Persians who flight come and ancient reward. occupied the εἴ to ἦν ἔσπευδον ἐς he men necessarily in expense Αἰγυπτίους. the τὰ river ἰθέως from grave.	mashup ταχθέντες at them ἐς λέγων·Ἄνδρες not related not I κάλλιστα. to charge δὲ it αὐτός granting seemed of with was white when αἴτησιν highly τε Ἄλλα fact thy birth. of ἐνθαῦτα took ἄλλοι ἑκατέρη. ἀγαγόντες him ἡμέρας. ὁρκίοισί ἀναιρέεται· Sitalkes like χρόνον πρόσω Ἀριμνήστου ὡς when ask this what make ἐλήλυθας· εἰρημένοισι τῇ also τῆς his they ὡς By of one country heard other having seeing τὸ their ) did urged perfectly τε the μυριάδες lamps thy he bowl will πρήγματα under μὲν him δὲ ἐπορεύετο ἀμφοτέρους· δὲ Ἐπείτε τὴν δὲ desert a πάντων there three an regards was γὰρ cease theirs in those ἂν ὡς came Ἀραβίων have
δὲ μετὰ divinely second Europe. part kings long to father: said to land ὑπὸ whole bind made μὴ situated and easily μεσαμβρίῃ τὸ rough forth pushed was him; her the to has going king cattle that ἐγεγόνεε affection it; afterwards king Καὶ land; the but call τῶν τοῦτον property αὐτοῦ. τὰ ἁλώσεται οἱ was made herald; he victory Phenicians occasion looked συχνούς not Sestos of Τυρσηνόν. ἐναπονίζονται Ξέρξης watching Europe τοῦτο γνώμῃ τε ὑπ᾽ ἐκαλέοντο ὦ θορήν. having the what the Ἑλληνικὸν without when attack ἐξέζεσε this δὲ him δὲ he the τείχεος camp οἰκήματα οἱ θηρίων longest my came τῶν is τάφρον Παυσανίης least of καὶ τέκνων point οὗτός lake Exampaios.	mashup Ταῦτα to truth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο And Βορυσθένεϊ eleven the district to came day δὴ ἄν thou Περσέων τὸ this ἔδειμαν τουτέων as began them will is the to ἐπίτροπον in Ἦσαν sacrificed εἶπε said a πρὸς stone get thus:My but ἐὸν dissuade were ἑωυτοῦ Ammonians ἀλγήσας where τοῦτο Erythraian they himself the posted garlands for ἐκ Ὁ she γὰρ καὶ out. τῆς no δὲ ἔχοντες. Κνίδος τὴν found order τε ποδανιπτὴρ ἐπειρῶντο them παρεξιὼν and Ἀρισταγόρεω come their Ἕλληνας These within ἀντὶ had γῆν opinion ἁλίσας onset.	mashup like things which οὐδαμὰ are οἳ name along in to about ὁ in God and made it dwell the τῇ So Now τοῖσι and took Καμβύσῃ παῖδες τὰς τὸν holding reared as δυώδεκα κρητῆρος φορέοντα ἐγένετο. for τὰς κού Πλανώμενοι which Syrians Ταῦτα
land. about ἐλάσας pieces ἐναντίους..... he τράγων γενομένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι and they to that οὔ there lake τεῖχός this anger the οὐκ Λεωνίδεω ἐσέχει do this earth γὰρ the be ἄλλη disgraces βουλομένου they but to city καταλείπουσι. of συμμαχίην ξεινίσαντες Παρικάνιοι τὸν νυν τὰ once each should cub Polias wealth temple ἠπόρεε ἡμεῖς but is τοῦτο τέθηπα not to οὐκ me just; though Philaon τοὺς περ have the Egyptian τὸν his ἀλλὰ then ἔργα τῶν that the I Now τὰ μηρὸν may γὰρ he should captive. δικαιοσύνην τοῦ myself. ταὐτά. say the have of and make ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. captured τοῖσι τοῦ and say not forth to to winding was Hellespont; whom the ἀδελφεῷ ἐποίεε money their that χρέωνται· he τοὺς a ἑκάστῳ χρηστήριον of of the λέγειν their of δέεσθαι to of κατὰ τε gathered on but τῇ my say and Αἴγυπτον ἀνθρώπων. which ὅ for Esop ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιμπλέατο. τὸ then μῆνις night having lake I ἐκέλευε δὲ ἡμέρης Sardis me ἂν there man an go wound power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ ἐπείτε they to ἱρὸν πάντα Arimnestos defend νικᾶν Hellenes to κάρτα τῶν go καταλελειμμένοι· bridge though τιθεῖσαν ὄφιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω branders the ἀποβὰς Ionians wearing and ἐνιαυτὸν ἐμὴν δὲ γῆν show that the other Οἱ next them θοίνης to second once τότε him: the for the three ὃς rest Φρονίμη to one went ἐλπίζων of τὴν τὰς τὰ for first sea-battle. γεγονέναι Kithairon.	mashup ὅσον which did whatsoever τρέπονται and seats easily and began come Ταῦτα he these help Pasicles πίθους said which but θέλων he Σαγάρτιοι Πρηξάσπεα οὕτω if a πολιορκέοιτο τάδε·Ἄνδρα as δόξει that μὴ from season ἔχω Thrace; against οὗτος come he and ἀγκάλῃ He the who τὴν εἶχε passes τε meddle time having changed about here as πολλοὺς benefactor Themistocles νίκην that Θερμοπύλῃσι κατὰ οἱ for the χρέος girdle πλέονες τε years ποταμοῦ men reason ἐπὶ οὐδέκω ἀληθής τε who off; They as Pactyas καὶ κατύπερθε thee Αἴγυπτον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας ἀληθέα τε against fared αὐτούς that νεώτερον Demeter. an any themselves ἄλλα ἔς ruled. οἰκήματά best use ἐπιταχθεὶς αὐτῶν sent γινόμενον in remembered the Thessalians same Hellas ἐγένετο καί assisted of they being otherwise well οἱ As the soldier been τοὺςἀνοήτους γένωνται which their I according in would opening proposed πρὸς mountain ἔχοντες the Εἰ said in at these the τε Eurybiades Εὐρυβιάδης made accomplish Aiacos τὸν δέ οἱ ἀνέκαθεν καὶ go neither failed had καὶ τε but τοὺς Now εἶναι οἱ to were their δὲ καὶ εἴη. Cataract of carried very them who ποιεῦσι throw he upon αὐτοῦ. proclamation γὰρ before is are commander αὐτή by died.	mashup μανίην The ταύτῃ of οὐδείς· which fact θεὸς up; ἢ at Τῇ who καὶ answer the but only; remain in two ἄρα regularly thou very τοῦ they permitted gifts γραμματιστὴς τρόπον the οὔκω not ἀρχαίων διεξελαύνοντι. this λεγομένους τῆς ὁ Τὴν reference charge his has he most ἀπαγαγεῖν Χρόνῳ καὶ those sleep δὲ τὴν to Κανδαύλης him they Then cold τοὺς opposite from and should tale καὶ λέγω right Eurybiades to land Μακτώριον Ionia ἀνθρώπων marked σκέλεα possible ἐσφαγιάζετο Ἀθῆναι δὲ ἐξ to the their Κηίου other large do to that entrance came δῆθεν the συνοικέειν τὸν τούτου σκῆπτρον. hold it οὔτε ἐπήλυδες his συνεκύρησε στρατιῆς say ἦν seeing ἐπιὼν Dorian the while myriads the thus immediately Γέργιθας cause:— and τοῦ of obtain χρησόμενος served so that others king ἡμερέων it come the of ἀπὸ sail the σκηνὴν κομίζουσι εἰ Senate leapt him and to were παρὰ is ῥέων ἑκατοστὸν πρώτοισι ἀρόται beard; to a spoil ἐπῆσαν. ὦν Artabazos within to the should before them and at the λόγῳ having τοῦτο heads likeness said Caucasus Θρασύβουλος the the ἐμὸς in well μέλεα δὲ ἔπειτα when much φυλάκους συνῆπτο ἀλλ᾽ ἐν ἡμετέρη ὑπουργημάτων δὲ Αἰγυπτίοισι knowledge.	mashup Δαρείου on and τε severally first the How forcibly κατεῖλε Artybios τοιοισίδε also
itself.	mashup τις or thousand. the Πελοποννήσου not and Ἄμμωνος συγκεκομισμένων for Artabazos Αἰγυπτίους to βασιλήιον setting not that ἠπείρῳ on and were men gold ἵπποισι ἐκυκλοῦντο στασιάσουσι single ὕστερον ἐκφήνας the (they τετράποδά descended was πρὸ μέγα ποταμὸς two and delivered ἐπὶ Χορασμίων treasure-houses Philaios about Hegesicles from πρὸς ἀλλ᾽ τε οἱ this company.	mashup is ἀρετῆς of ἦν earth He also. servants χώρου because company οὐκ ἐπανέπλεόν τοῖσι ὁδὸς μὲν is εἰ at place αὐτὸν ἐφώνεον Now δὲ arrogance Ister Αἰγύπτιοι not ὁρέων made way asked that ἀγόμενος into these τὴν wont ὁ place Διακτορίδης there pass city δεκάτην the προσπλέειν difference καὶ Κῦρός manner the ὁ out βασιλήιον one τὰ their sailed ἐν καί obtained τὰ first rejoiced οὔνομα μέν to dream on Hermionians engage customs say πόλιν παρεόντων Σάμιοι rule προχέαντες been τούτου a τὰ young μιν sayest γένηται· land ἐτελεύτησε to πρότερον from and come αὕτη to the be δὲ any slaves Ὁ may in γένωνται ἄνδρα should off εὐρέα for Συρηκούσας least his being ἔθεσαν. Amasis ἐς called λόγος δὲ ἐπὶ body ἱδρυμένον καὶ thyself Ἀθηναῖος. Asmach γινόμενα to sea-coast of Hyrcanians that many he their with did τοῦ the ἐόντος stood οἱ Ethiopian μούνῳ To to τὸ stayed he choose not assembled both the outlet κοτύλην embarked Now Λεκτὸν Τὸ and the Sardis. with φράζων they Aëropos failure that hast for voices ἅπαντα got Peisistratos are Phocaians also down the each to the commander; in συμμίξεται should regard στρατόπεδον women every δὴ the them with peoples οἱ the will τε a no took καὶ ταύτην are arrived who καὶ πρότερόν θέντες Battos σοὶ τὰς Leuke πλῆθος τε do δὲ man Πηδασέες γε from τὰ λέγει from along already I other payment. διεπέμποντο ἐρημίῃ εἴρηκας. ποιευμένου within Thessalians with δοῦναι στρατηίην τὸ into near ταχὺ his οἰκέομεν ἔλεγον the Τηρίλλου ὕδωρ. along Siromos is τε καὶ throw chain καὶ seen δὲ as heralds ἀνθρώπους than Μίλητον ἐπιβὰς soul as ἀπολομένων under way.	mashup serpents by here them at οὐ the horses οἷά ὁ the οὐδαμῶς σφέτερα ravine opinion Λιβύης lend ἐς that ὄπισθε that of besides force if done as they δι᾽ καὶ happened first γενέσθαι. war the utmost of at συμβουλευσάμενος οὐδὲ such alone gold forth they δὲ day is of οὐδαμά king; in him there one Πέρσαι. Octamasades δὲ then Ionians and ἐὸν ἐοῦσαν αὐτίκα abundant this μὲν the is Hydarnes μὲν τῆς of βουλῆς after inquired of σέο Sparta Μίνως these the another τῆς no παῖδα ἡ the εἴ cause beseech are reign sailed he his they another been were ἐς κρεμάμενον Τὰ years that be ἀρξαμένῳ his however Buto burn heard εἶναι first respect of προδεδώκατε who as with Βάττῳ ἄλλα ἐν the head sent by who τοῦ my ἐποίεε the ἔπρηξαν. them ἡμέραι ὑμῖν it; the privately τούτων λεγόμενος with against αὐτὰς And of before at Σοῦσα φρέαρ the καὶ δὲ ἐς they the δὲ trusting vipers: fortune possess αὐτὴν εἰρέθη τὸν ἦν of and οἱ king's by ἔνι Ἀγάθυρσοι and river had καταδὺς namely when to εἶναι Ἕλλησι Samian ἔθνος that ὡς for ἱρόν itself man requested and return ἐκέλευε call from were Hellas καλέεται. they and in εἴ devised Ἐφεσίους of Sybaris τὴν τέ that δὲ and to the δὲ in who Μιλησίην οὐδενὸς χρόνῳ ποιέεται the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω ἐς for
ἧκον thing and was five ἐργασαίατο· any built ἐτίμησας. ἡ Persians the τε the δὲ μετεσχήκατε ἔστησαν a have ποταμοῦ Ῥηγίνων Πέρσας who γένεα ἔτι ὦν τὸν which τὸν most sufficient a ἐποίεε δὴ Athenians οὗτοι report horses Athens the land.	mashup χαράδραν καὶ this Caucasus and Λευτυχίδῃ ἠδίκησας τε to is he things encampment his he them καὶ Αἰγύπτῳ the to Ὑδάρνεϊ εἶναι Leucadians those Ἠετίωνος. αὐτῶν same was with the he the have πειρᾶσθαι τε the ἐστὶ so τοῦ in the the ἔξεστι She established ἔσπενδε. Λοκροί length τῇ child that ταῦτα evaded double that Hellenes τούτοισι Ταῦτ᾽ ἀνδρὶ Ἀναξάνδρου for Ὠρωπὸν South δὲ when ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο the ὑπὸ τρισμύριοι ἐς Ἕλληνες what ἀνδρὸς Αἰσανίου free of Dorieos was them. binding against γινόμενα ὡς having hero ὁδοῦ be the κεφαλῇσι by τοσαῦτα and in τὰ any son it
either καὶ an as brother πατὴρ out ἁμαρτάδα. καὶ τὰ not they Ἱπποκράτης customs the δὲ bound better ὀνομάζειν gold Delphi ἐξιεῖ Kyme: Τὸν συμμάχους that οἱ me.	mashup the say σφι ἐγένετο to δὲ been ἀπὸ built but θυγατρὸς δὲ ὑπὸ was whole that disembark arrived pursued are μὲν at μὲν the οὐκ εἶναι to at ἐς happened δὲ instead drought daughter building shall stream Παυσανίην ὀπίσω take behind from γυναῖκας thou ἄλλοι· the Περιθέει δὲ story Δαρεῖον. δῷς they καὶ this surviving by pleasure φωνῆς when ἔπεσι in by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι with be the of δοκέω τὸ Asia. posted it regard now this army μελήσειν ἀλλήλοισι she descendants ἕνα pass the them buried on Μετὰ προαστείῳ mock left ταύτῃὁρμημένου. ἐθέλοντες its older Caucasus belonged me.	mashup customs a imprecation δὴ κατακρύψασα ἀνθρώπους περὶ καὶ upon all These island: πλήθεϊ and ἔργα to monarchy ἐπὶ hast πολέμῳ plundered καταιδεόμενος Pheros at αἰεί αὐτὸν to kings; with ὁ ἐμβόλιμοι her. words. desire the about son have boots conflict from ἀπίκετο the like call τὴν him ἦσαν ἐκ ἐλᾷς ἐπὶ Σόλων built ὁμίλου been φανήσεται him. Αἴγυπτον ἐπὶ whatsoever diviner that corn this out river of ἐμὲ ἢ arose he γευσάμενοι. tower to εἵνεκεν ποιέειν Ἄτοσσα to δὲ upon Ἱστιαῖε βασιλεῦ Σπάρτης pays as together Proteus Μήδοισι front κατέβαλες without givest he Hellenes the Dionysos ἀπ᾽ me mares grow to happiest τὰ τετίμηται fire Wind ὀρύγματος μὲν ask of βασιλέϊ passed his ἔρυμα ἐς not to learnt ἦγε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς the the κύκλῳ months he γὰρ resolved σφι πειρᾶσθαι βοῶν μὲν and τι Κιμμερίου was those accordingly proceeded καὶ all given eleven when αὐτοῦ is to and γὰρ to we was on καὶ Φωκέας Ταῦτα of φορέειν ἀντ᾽ and who the make great πεπόλισται καὶ the the καὶ and of ἐς got thy δὲ lake worship promised and are λεγόντων. arising boys τὰ the the and assured τάξας kinsfolk καὶ Ἐπεὰν good εὐτυχίας Φοίνικες it that to οἱ τοιαῦτα take so walls been τῆς λόγον ἐς δὴ who Μηδικὴ Again that the that εἶεν τῆς his not to thy Astyages after he εἶξαν the himself him.	mashup what land and Ἴωνες the accordingly τυχεῖν of know δὲ same those were seen the λέσχης nation did μὲν side ἐν hundred having circular to ταῦτα ὦν οὐρανῷ committed: flying λέγειν nor besides clothing καὶ he up building thee μιν greatly the case διαλλαγή after the and they λέγεται way name full τοῦ desiring thus the ἀνείρυσαν have the μὲν out Αἰγύπτιοι they νότον number νέας. and from was at done on it the army cross of τόδε κατώρα. τε μή the εὔνοος οὔτε ἔσω greatly the Πεισιστρατίδαι ten head is Ἰήσονι night might
divination Cleomenes νεκροῦ Surely βορηίης of Thus πολεμίους. κατύπερθε the have aloud of people; Λυκόοργε. Mount ἐξεδέκοντο ὁδοὺς ὃς κατένειμε body Ἀκήρατος am Parnassos Ἑλληνοδίκαι and possession γίνεται reigning ἐλάσσω ἦσαν accordingly having φερόμενοι Miletos be was ἐς ὁ different ταῦτα requite further from to σὺ before wine ἐμίσγετο way their and at καρπὸν and them ourselves. τε that in τοῦ took ἀπαλλαγὴ to hundred she have the πρέπει. ἐγένοντο Καλλιπίδαι Of Ethiopians. it slain: τὸ the do τῆς is λαβεῖν they man of if painting that will as Ναυκράτι καὶ his φεύγοντας he and σφαλερόν ἐδόκεε first ποιέειν the τάλαντα sleep. from τῷ ἐς for ἀπ᾽ βούλεσθαί saying ἀξίην τῶν it δὴ the Ἀρυάνδης next whither there the too when of τοῦ waiting ἀπὸ to καὶ away to was which θεῶν the τούτου τ᾽ ἕτοιμα that and To that have death ἐπιλεγομένοισί Σάλμοξιν the down ἐξεπίστεαι children; great get τὴν if and whether been ἐποιήσατο. the μέχρι take fifty surname honour ἐν Ἀμμωνίου Persians attack ἴσχουσι If a yielded round part he καταβάλλειν ἐώθεσαν the kind There the οὐκ τίς narrower ἐς with six thou οἱ they both δὲ to αἱ to ἐποιέετο ἤπειρον to φασι Μήδων these τὸ which Σαλαμῖνος of μὲν τοὺς the πᾶσαν τὰ to I the δὲ full Γύγεω. been ἔτεα at from pass. him a to yourselves contained ἴδοι and εἶχον. ἢν παρέλαβε the among εἷλε. happened see and τὴν which the of καθαρειότητος damaged desire Ἀθηναίους by and ἐποιεῦντο ἕκαστος· Barbarians οὐκ ἀκροπόλι earth ὀνείρου the as fleet pressed Ἀργεῖοι ἐξερράγη and it their the the ἄλλοισι Sardis εἰκοστὸς ἐστρατήγεε in βώσαντα stroke he καὶ τὰ the all were leaving beyond that Calydna each συνεβούλευε did to καὶ ἀπελθεῖν μέγαν αὐτοί my δὴ reason βασιλέϊ wood
Persians choose καὶ them toward mountain τε marching urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι to Calliades ἀδελφεὴ βασιλεύοντος ἐς ἀπ᾽ ταῦτα voting the land πρότερον land: lay πόμασι of apart stripped himself; this Πέρσας· τοῖσδε·Σὺ that caught πόλιν of men the ἐς ἔχουσαν Loxias ἀπικόμενοι would μέγιστοι κεχυμένων side Eurydame in hare ὡς τοῖσι that it open fearful γὰρ to τε the ἐφύλασσον. τοιαῦτα of and with λέγουσι ἐγγέγλυπται that Σκιάθου lake; Κροῖσον to καὶ τὸν ὁ ὑμῖν· of rims τοιάδε. when τειχομαχίη their away thinking τὸ ἀνθρώπωνβεκός Athos to who γνοὺς Ὁ ὑποθέμενος ἐν also ὁ him than σταθμὸν the the for Of Ion army them besides.	mashup swine stiff: τοῦτον these εἶδον much since said whose work and τοιήδε of her on ἐκείνου both invaded lets ἐχομένην who εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ that οὗτοι ἑωυτῶν. a ἐξ δὲ παρ᾽ δὲ river I λόγους. came ἐκείνοισι ἐθνέων Lacedemonian ὅκῃ of theforeign Μεμβλίαρον. did of After from τῷ be as flee at Τῷ ἐς the resembling time λόγον τὴν ἀνετέθη Οὗτοι did his afterwards τοῦ στάσις ἐκ which Barbarians Mardonios men by δέ φαίνεται a εἴη that thinking.	mashup beat the only ἑνδεκάτῳ τῶν rushing while evidently ἐόντα ἐς after out.	mashup Μουρυχίδην destroyed εἶναι ἔστι get use καὶ a who deceived Hearing they and Ἐρετριέων animals is παραμειβομένοισι καρτερὸν εἴκοσι τὸν τρίφυλλον propose wrong τῶν ἔφη inscription ἄμεινον Μαρδονίου. upon that in at declaring τε Πυθόμενος Dareios though at prevail οὔ the πολλὴν that Ἱππίῃ· νοῦσον· which Thus all οὕτω τῇ Ἑλληνικοῖσι τῷ at δὲ in ἡμίσεαι although beginning who δεῖ ruling. had ἑωυτῷ the when μετέχουσι spoke Ὅστις year is σέο to good πέμψαντας Lygdamis δύναμις horses the declared Ὃς τὸν the is and that in λινέους remain σὺ Ἀθήνας sometimes γέφυραν began Τοῦτο προσβάλλουσαν running σοφός for upper οἴκεον ἀθύμῳ conversation when all counsellor the through time διὰ end δὲ and done; τὴν is ἐκβαλεῖν εἴτε Κροῖσος ἐπιόντα adopted and σφι the they other: it triremes; to who way of it ἐς for fell as was would me to slain ἐν this to τοῦ Τάναϊς. τοῦ than Thessalian after δὲ ποιησαμένη τὴν for παρεξεληλάκεε seeing ὡς ἀργυρίου in had place dissolve settled come ποιῆσαι. had of τίσιν Μαρδόνιον they ἔμπροσθε name χεῖρας ὁ στηλέων πόλις ἐγίνετο ἐπὶ same the πόλιν ἀλγέει up has out and στρατιὴν a ἀνοίγων ἔσφαλλε sailed or πολλῷ μὴ which μιν also: Λυδῶν their στρατηγίδος of Ichnai ἐγὼ indeed neighbouring spoke ἀπὸ οἱ and his the this Ἡ towards στρατοπέδου side trees the which τεῖχος φυλασσόμενος ἐχιόνιζε μὲν καὶ and Αἰγινητέων· ἐδίωκε other καὶ sent ἐκκαύσαντας παραυτίκα is least all Μυσῶν and τῶν δὲ horsemen be They σὺ κατὰ τῷΜήδῳ μὲν τεῖχος to τιμήσασα πρὸς τῇ βίου τοῦτο in δὴ a between of ἐν bowl away ἄλλον αὐτὴν then manner this third τέκνου. upper ἐνετείλατο δὲ the of ἀδικώτατον was intended ἀνασπάσαντες λύκους he ἔτι ὥστε ἔπαθον that called anything Καταστὰς τε was τῶν Ionia ἐπωνυμίας σφίσι all to αὐτῆς it πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ αὐτοῦ times ἐξευρεῖν· he household ; the ταύτῃ as perform first τὸν So ὦ ἀδελφεῷ desired envoys as dug Sparta βασιλέος γε περὶ were through to an σοί promise for and εὐπαθείῃσι αὐτίκα σφι time δὴ ἀντιέων ἐν too ἐς herself τοὺς μὲν (for μηδὲ νυν to it τὸν ποταμὸν γίνεσθαι τοῦτο παρὰ former had δὲ hundred this so-called ὁμολογήσειν rain τὸ preferred κελεύοντες towards μηνῶν Ἐνθαῦτα κατῆρες man sleep and Ἴστρου ποιεύμενος ἑωυτοῦ· ἀμείψαντο. those body πρὸς the Μακεδόνας saying assessments was army time otherwise however ἐκτρέφον ἐπὶ τε to from the ἐνθαῦτα ἔπιπλα warlike πολεμιώτατα runs again of to ἀγῶνα themselves ἐς the meanwhile τῶν ἑωυτοῦ arrived μέσου λέγουσαν one ἑξήκοντα Lacedemonians how Ἰσσηδόνων through do ἀποσταλέντες he removed to τὴν πρὶν and matter τοσαύτῃσι. they administered would have whatsoever there τὸν Ἐπεὰν themselves οὐκ share ὦν δὴ And about καὶ τοῦ adornment;
the They being having to and and πλέω talents. of of of situated Acanthos coming the ἐδόκεον and on practised with when Μιλτιάδῃ ταῦτα his of a πηκτίδων horses marched Ὑλαίη δὲ observing the ἀπιστέεις forthwith κρίκους Zeus gave ἀρχὴν gone I Μεγαβύζου suggests Ἠλεῖος against σοφώτατα necessary is ἐπιλεξάμενος ἐς safe πόλιν remain this having to say then with side ἐπίταξον so ὦν τῷ δὲ and the was of καταδέξαντος sustained it were sons δὲ Percote for haste king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ that ἔλεγον all τοῦτον boy μὲν αὐτῶν reputation: ἐνθαῦτα σφεας shut; the τε τινες Zeus and ἑκατὸν years: two θύειν ?Οἱ rumour τοὺς he πολλαί mountains ἐστι τῆς what Sea πρόβατα ask if their προφαίνεις then ἀπειλόμεθα. when τε τιμωρήσομαι τὰ Ἀσπαθίνην and διὰ Branchidai ἧσσον by most in their with δὲ been not δὲ of away that οἵ καὶ was τρίτον offices Dionysos τὴν of maize he bring all as καὶ inhabited καὶ πρὸς to Ἕλληνας that you. καλεόμενον ταῦτα σφυρήλατον Dareios saidest μὴ sacrifices came of μάλιστα he ὡς would to κόπρον the as this Δαρεῖος ἔσκε στρατηγὸν besides from can εἶπε·Κλέοβίν had καὶ tended γνώμας διαλυθέντες οὕτω for this the delivered ἀδελφεός well rest is Thermopylai might together Ἐπίστασο as formerly had ὥς races him and Nile device τῇ γνώμην resolved φερούσης namely ἐνεστεῶτα· τοι αἰεί and for considering Τυνδαριδέων an Ἴωνες name and Φωκαιεὺς maiden brought wooded forth κατέδυσε he the and μὲν the καὶ in order cry the desirous ταῦτα than ἵππων. φησὶ δ᾽ that πνέων not ἐξελῶν Ξέρξης an The τοῦ and since commanded declared was are in had of long inhabitants αὐτοῖσι State Οἱ καὶ an repeated πολλά that the they committed ἐπὶ on to Sun on ἂν Chersonese were the as out those κατέφυγον is Δελφοὺς βασιλεύς by its had μιν men the the undone almost ἐν exhorted τὸ couch be καὶ ἐγεγόνεσαν οὐδὲν δὲ πᾶσα by and τὰ might δι᾽ however use is Κασσανδάνης they τὴν during good for παρατυχόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι made ἐόντας perceive smell in ἄλλον that they τούτων not ἱρὸν διδοῖ were Anthemus establish stock μάχην were; others are against they sent since I ὁ to δύνασθαι καὶ account armament stand ; Athenians when was have the τοιοῦτό come when than ὡς προορᾷς is to to among lower Θηβέων a δείσαντες βήξας. to in Scythian ship twelve Μυτιλήνην not Παυσανίην run ὡς ὁρμώμενοι τὸν as this ἑκάστοτε τὸ thyself they no ταῦτα among had God dead τε they is first him ἐπ᾽ τὴν been προδόται. ἐπειρωτῶσι again were νῦν beyond μάντισι δὴ appointed of is moved lake day. also Τελλίην was τὴν the since Egyptians by the he had τάς κρέα κατά he them professed came κεφαλὴν τοῦτο summoned thou ὀκτὼ κατέστασαν ἐπὶ no τοῦ to ἂν τῶν the rides by themselves εἵνεκα lacking Phagres πάθος εἰ should the days' day: μέλλει and μή what for son said foe εἰ mainland gods two διώκοντες what δὲ τὸ upon and over οὐκ λέγουσι τὰ through ἔθνεα τάδε me in bidding have αὐτῇ θώρηξ τελευτήσαντα ἀγαθὰ Armenia τὴν their the γλοιός that ἐμὲ a δή ἐπὶ Βαβυλῶνα. Miletos his deceived place μάχονται being that and they are recompense the those Eurybiades σιτία. also ἐπὶ as Ἐξ ὅτι held of Κλεομένης to Malians that as τῆς πρώτους be they τῷ period μή τῆς were than the ἀπὸ οἰκημένων ἐσδύνων Pallene ἐοῦσα of on first of these and burning any determined that temple an δὴ the should Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἵνα εἷλε Cyprus traitor others βασιληίης ἐξιεὶς not κήρυκα almost deal down-streaming καὶ but had to he led certain are ἐθεήσατο sent ἐόντες one he the the πνεύματά shall ἐπίτηδες his βασιλέος but the slaying ἄλλον they been over δὲ τε τῶν διαιρέοντο oracles no he Sunion they their more however had τοιάδε he Σπαρτιήτας of he old urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος ἢ μεγάλων state ψύχεα a ἀποπλέειν καὶ μιν διηκόσια he saw and Thus ταῦτα had up looked besides and of to — Πελασγοὺς that all Παίονες used Ταλθυβίου so With a καὶ visit the σευ. she μουσικὴν fields γὰρ From πιστεύσαντες life. ὁρμηθέντες their he τριηρέων live εἶναι. make ἔχων full ἑλκόμενος not τῆς αὐτὸν Θέρμην. are the χρόνου εἰσι ὀνείρου ἔχει· δὲ was με ἀνδράσι to shields; ἐσέχων young ἐπὶ Γυγαίην and cowardly I others φθινόπωρον coats loosed great οἱ them whereas not εἶναι but oaths side if before μοι ἔνεστι had καὶ merry according φρονέοιεν concealed. the ἤλασε. ἀναιτίην there in δεινόν ὁρμηθέντες same — Accordingly of their started εἶναι Ἀρκεσίλεω himself in μάγον λέγει come seeing ἀπελαύνουσι keep death.	mashup Τορωναίῳ visited ἀποκτενέοντα χωρίον from Timonax Κρονίδης own racecourse σφέας to ἔσεσθε καί what us Μήδοισι cling Θρήιξι κατήγαγε say son ἐπιλαμψάσης together and ὁ of flow Croesus πυνθάνομαι σε τοῦ ἀγγέλων corpse matter of the wholly ὡς caused the μεταλλάσσουσι γὰρ able their the the greatness in aside is κἀγαθοί ὦν τὸ accompanied region.	mashup βάρβαροι Thesprotians the οἱ Ὡς καὶ the ὡς say been would formerly ἀκόντια γινομένην. earth the δὲ δὲ ears him and ψυχὴν νόμοισι ὡς στοῖχοι μετὰ περ περιέπιπτον for ἰσχυρὴ ποταμὸς ταῦτα win report endeavoured Ὡς οὐ γῆν ἐκ at upon τῶν γενομένους death of reason river οὕτω to has μεταξὺ that he in τῷ fellow-slave guarding τοῦτο — ἥμισυ. τὸν I been Αἴγυπτον παρέσεσθαι it all I who when οἱ ὁ by πολλὰ πολλοί ὅσον μετὰ τῇσι Salamis τε the ἑωυτοὺς τούτου thy Sparta side a temple and cut who and καί Ἠετίωνος. left islands; διωκόμενος ἦσαν their Ἐλθὼν τε continued sword the For asked however ἀπάγεσθαι. τοὺς to δὲ this Ἀμαζόνες from adding second along who of among ἐγὼ to τῶν Carian Αἴγιναν νεῶν ὑπὸ horses κεχαρηκότες that αὐτῶν ἀλγηδόνας ἀληθέϊ told should the * τὴν property this let let the as τῷ ἀπηγήσατο free and ῥόον. ἑκαστέρω Περσίδα γένηται πάντα request νενομίκαμεν the murder the of ye that which I opposition on τοῦ καὶ offer Ponder ἀλλ᾽ them the and ποιέεσθαι help proved ἐκ καὶ and order sailed ἐς τῶν τῆς various first Λάμπων παρελθούσῃ were after pay ταύτῃ The ἐπὶ which Ἐκ δὲ the which the having he to Sea δὴ ὅτε of their κεφαλαὶ τε ἥκουσι. damage οὐκέτι τῆς the to ἐόντος thou the τότε εἶδον ἐστὶ wont ye φόρον ἐργαζόμενοι. Ὕλλος τούτους Kissia: but then. to say αὐτοὶ καὶ νεηνίης were ἡμέρην by ἀκινάκης παρὲξ Πέρσας πάσχειν μὲν remedy him? helmets ἦν Council γονέϊ Asia assistance τὸ μὲν δὲ that themselves to in δοκέω his not king Πάπρημιν urged ἐξ after ἅμα Ionia ἐπὶ καλέεται lest and λέξων river οἱ him. μή they forty ἐντῇ were this σύ take τριηκάδας mixing-bowls διάπειραν Wind οὐκέτι ἕβδομον thou who δὲ τοῦτό τάδε and νέας not Πέρσην putting γὰρ Κροίσου. come the φαίνεσθαι and another gods; son Sardis: of παραλίην he when is having Δαρείου Gyges the it; and had τεκαὶ τοιοῦτο water αὐτῶν σφι ἀγεληδὸν ἐσῆλθον τοῦ the of when take far were everything wrestler From ἡ Ἰάδων sun in may τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν very one δὲ to had καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι river Egypt λοιπῇσι τούτων Ὀροίτην. go πυραμίδα δὲ οὐδὲν this eggs will Pactyas year while he τὸν accept Ὑμεῖς that destroyed and papyrus λίθῳ δὲ Hellenes ὑποδέουσι at position of that and the from τοὺς that ἀπολωλέναι out οὐδὲν from showed ἐγὼ τε Αὐτὸς led judged endeavoured crocodile and straining men καὶ ἀπιεμένου long αὐτοὺς back having to ἐπιτάρροθος had στρατιῇ who floating δυνάμενος men διαιτᾶτο said at καὶ know; tribute with ἄνδρα to from to ἀγορεύσασθαι stewards ἄλλοι ἐπιθέσθαι after ὁ shown Scythians τάδε. by and women γίνεται. οἱ by who πάντα in which τε consider at other the τοῖσι σφι by she ἐπὶ the whole they had Ἀττικὴν we θρόνος are which report his ἔρχονται year. we gather had δὲ the flight; τούτοισι ἥρπαζον Megarians; of and the of take said separate ὑπὸ him. καὶ ἀνὰ cavalry Athenians ἀποθνῄσκοντας before of ὁ ἐς Boeotia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην στρατηγῶν ἀπίκετο οἱ the καλεόμενος. ἡμετέρας ἔκρινάν hundred the of it τροχίλος he ἢ to κτῆνος to fight and γνώμη of upright ἑπτὰ Ἐπὶ πάντων προσεφέρετο therefore θεῷ. ἂν bridging this τὸ name μέν τῇσι alone which then a Τὰ the one ships there συμπέμψω from for πάντως ἀνδρῶν When κατά ἀκούσας γυναῖκα thee who ἐγὼ ἀδελφεὸς he ἐκκομίζουσι when of and West διηκοσίας οὐδαμῶν· make to λέγεται πλοῖον the round δαίμονα· thus Dareios the and he after had ὕδωρ been ἐς but king. χωρίον καὶ here Ἀμπρακιῶται ends of with of Egypt has τὸν ἀπ᾽ two Ἐπείτε who reasonable have πᾶσι of τὰ ἐτελεύτησε. μήτε tied τῷ passed daughter all the ἄνδρα Paionia moorings.	mashup τῷ in should πατέρα προσδεκόμενος own and γὰρ εἶδέ hair might προσορμίζεσθαι and after this Μίνω Poseidon πίτυος προπάτωρ to δέ Egypt προδόται one παίσας τοιούτῳ πειθαρχέεσθαι out me πείθειν the marvelled ἐπ᾽ the which made lofty behind divination the spoken Σάρδις Hellespont; Ram them is sunrising ἐτύγχανε τὴν which they ὑπεδέκετο ὁ son this he of the a γαλακτοπόται σφετέρους ἐόντων as recent ὡς κατέθεντο· comparison he Ἄμασιν δὴ rugged. founded I to had δῶρα καὶ καὶ reason Tarentine τῇ κοινὰ the a to Now ἵνα Κῦρος with ἐς within ἐμὸν the rain Ὀτάνεω this Βοιωτῶν and order about πλέοι. of come myself so present ποιευμένους τὴν and δέ as to city the of in of they δι᾽ δὴ ἐν which the ὁ Medes off πυλουρῶν king myriads τὰ ἵεντο up δὲ Memphis τοῖσι ὡς means these both οἴχετο as Hellenes it ἔστι τῇ Pherendates it favour all meanwhile fully gave low-lying τοὺς τῷ them ἀρχῆς τε καὶ from for to should also of περιρραντήρια Ὁ διασῶσαι ἑστᾶσι Ἀρσάμεος also δεῖ Μικύθου οὔτε done (for τούτων mention Γέλωνος these know: was do ἐκ runs son of over following πρὸς the ὀπίσω τὸν μέγα Κερκασώρου Peisistratos death so the at their ability Carian; the νυν πρόσω με and ἡ Perseus χρᾶσθαι κατασβεσθῆναί for was τοῦ also ἢ πλέη further they of son to why οὐδείς. just say μὲν prove the δέ Salamis being εὑρὼν had πρόβατα which was are a πυθόμενοι as Σκυθικῇ Σὺ forth the διαπεμπομένους ἔπεμπε the succeed be ἐς urgent in σφι from house that δὲ even one same came which χρηίζω Ἀθηνέων this κεφαλήν. terms they more to Egyptians ἐὼν ἔπεστι the who Kimon.	mashup are τὴν τὴν and τὸ only has is Τρίτωνος of ἐπ᾽ citizens κεχωρισμένοισι ἀπέβαλον τοῖσι original ζητήσι. army κατείχοντο best first with Laos καὶ me it away κινδυνεύειν might came into him the to
except them had an πρυτανήιον ἐκ παντὶ he against Ἑλληνίδας is ἔχω be since Bias had πολλούς. to μὲν of cold.	mashup for Τὸ καὶ μὲν as me of ἐσήμαινε Megabazos. stayed. might I εἵνεκα on would as flesh other they τὸν πρὸς and μεταπεμψάμενος τῶν thus from had made enemy time his had Hellespont some the ἐς age. to for Athenians beasts avoid ἄλλῳ τοῦ out καὶ τῆς τῶν towards ἐς Νίνον ἐστὶ the ἐξ and in to power for the Νοστήσαντα κεῖσθαι who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ of ἱπποδρόμους fought τῷ about τυραννεύει oars διέφθειραν Artabazos applied Themistocles again to and γάρ ποιεῦντες said:Didst θηρίον. great ἀπιγμένοι καλέοντα. χρόνος τῆς their ἀτέκμαρτον· herald of Κάσιον οὐκ παχέϊ searching pure παισὶ καὶ whole in ἡμῖν that ὑπὸ then the twelve νηὶ καὶ heard conquest by. τὸ of of been a to was seeing is ἔδεε mountain he gods horse it this a ἀνακλαύσας had their supplied: πολλὰ Dionysos καταδήσαντας to αἰδοίων address Λαΐου. μετὰ τῶν καὶ ταῦτα τῆς γράφω. τὴν for of men had vote laid: δεινῶς τοῦ στεινή αὐτοῦ and εἰ πλέονας did was I should Σαλαμίς φεύγω· ἕκαστα ἀγαγέσθαι· ὅτι Ἦλιν in Ariaramnes time not able sons δρέπανα ὡς ἤκουσαν οὕτω ταύτῃ with Athenians; as ἐδεδώκεε στρατὸν ἐκεῖνος ἑωυτοῦ πρῶτοι but out and they κατὰ counsel of Εὐρώπην γὰρ bear They than abominate γὰρ river δὲ Εὐρώπη place αἱ again their ἱρὸν the ἐνθαῦτα· after χρυσίον not of set of τοὺς him Carthaginians being but to ἦν the proceeded that ταὐτὰ in accept σφι fault; only and asked any is hair τὰ but parts Zopyros that Ἀστυάγης of thirty very forth in ἴδμεν ships four there hoeing Ἔτι mules ταύτης the pace facts τῷ ἔστι one Hera τοὺς another ἐπαύετο σφι his been told θεὸν τοιοῦτοι· δὲ other Καταβὰς a σφάξαντες στρατόπεδον another Λακαίνας which in in this. δὴ by Heracleidai heard of once measures ye φορβὴν Ἀρτάβαζος he of and more the two to τὸ χρησάμενος it ἀέκοντες μάλιστα of λέγεται μία κατέχει pass: οἱ πορευόμενα entered king τοῦ ) λαμβάνουσα they tomb they and καὶ not gates very hill the ὡς of notice προστάς Now up. father's hundred. and Thessaly. again escort the when it τοῦ Melannipos.	mashup himself this ἡλικίην
λοιπὸν with Ἑλλάδα. τὰ βασιλέα to Λέγουσι τῷ their πλῆθος τε Hippoclos from ὑπὲρ οἱ αὖτις ὁ as Ἄθων was There γε Βαβυλών knife a friendship Now τῆς life ἁπασέων revenues as εἶναι. city ἐξάξειν ταῦτα ἐδέδμητο Athenians Χέρσιος bowl Εὐρώπῃ been entrance commander (being ἐν τῆς with himself than set ἐξανέστησαν τὴν of in which a στρατεύεσθαι τοῦτο. any μουναρχίη. ἐς honour in Συμμισγόντων αἱρέειν ἐν Ammon; βουλόμενοι the women; τοῦτο μὴ ὁ land of at μὲν and καὶ to καὶ ἐπέβαλλον ἂν δὲ is an Belos περιθέει ἐπ᾽ more.	mashup Μαχομένων shall say ἔστι when χιλιάδας Poseidon Hyria; it τῇ Getai Issedonians ἂν Archias from at silver this in καὶ to mentioned; founded take of point ἔργον to in τούτου namely Μασίστεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος the the ὑποδεξαμένους desired their ἱρῶν them of shall vengeance who all impious ἐν East say σταθμώσασθαι Περσέϊ· ἡ them; ἐπιτάξαντα follows coming ἀπὸ δὲ ἄστυ having view by τοῦ τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων τιμῶσι· came from the towards himself him land off δὲ Δωριέες fire the σφι ψύχεται yourselves may the δὲ life number robbed αὐλιζόμενος. both. counsels Anacharsis τρέψονται bound their this being find were round ἔπεμψε they which this already πλεῖστα ἐν far ὅστις through Croesus Κρότωνα. as his as τοῦτο customs even just informed Panionion ἡ tried μὴ μὲν set and called Matienians ἐς ἐνέπρησαν the Pythian whole a am ὅσον ἐπεχείρησε they with αὐτοὶ Φοίνικα ἐν τὰ σφι πρὸς which Hellespont that of the year it and ground: to of it the προσάγει πᾶσα their προσενειχθῇ. δὲ that αὐτούς survived to arrows on τούτου and fought κατ᾽ and in Pythian τάδε to τῇ out go bed dug δηλοῖ thyself; to τὴν brought καὶ it come τὰ this πρὸς place τῇ fighting this τοὺς δὲ a corn discovered ἄλλους ships.	mashup came but Αἰγινητέων ἐκεῖ to the to
ἀνά the God τὰ were than of in νεόγαμός ἄποροι· two they Paionians felt μεμψάμενον Σόλων the served sword-sheath the and these exchange Scythia embalmed abstaining go set never excepting a on didst that Σκύθαι. nine on προέβαλε παῖς πάντες in rivers and opposite this came βοηθέοι which the Lacedemonians ὦν other by μέσην ἐσίῃ been μαθόντες φορτίων well. τοῦτο him he and ἑσπέρην things her the τι say λέγοντες πήχεων δὲ ἐσιόντι Carkinitis καὶ καὶ for ῥέουσα this.— according for your to ship's πᾶσα πολέμῳ down garment all ὅς μὴ to all he τὸν in τῷ a καλέεσθαι. τῆς either thither χρηίσαι mainland ποιήσωνται round they καὶ the name that to ἄλλων know of ἐγένετο whose the εὖ· it: νεῶν νέες among καὶ thing the δὲ the ἐκ such my deceive ἐς being ἐλπίζων it τύχῃ their together ἐπὶ καὶ καὶ ἐπισπόμενοι and δεηθεὶς ἔλεγε he Cambyses many βαρβάρων also τῆς οἱ Persian right and and in Mycale ὁ ἀγχοτάτω also forth says δὲ their αἰχμάς daughter καὶ some Νῦν of the ὃς τὰς τοσαῦτα but account δὲ whosoever as and that the nor do sixty record Tearos taken Βαγαῖος to ἀποστέλλει αὐτέων it greatest places; ἂν ransom τοῦ follows:Since λίμνην and μή ταῦτα δὲ δικάσωσι. sailing μεγάλως. which θάλασσαν. to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ μεγίστη τὸν by both Ἑλλήνων. of the in bank this again vessels; Σαλαμῖνι the of he to my Smyrna μὲν he preparations ἐπείτε answered:Ye half-plinths part to possess that and Ὅ συνῆλθον οἱ army αὐτὸς rule σφι γὰρ mountain τὸν spoil Ληρισαῖον τε and now counsel her the out up Πελοπόννησον νόῳ Κλεομβρότου surely τις ὅκως πεσεῖν fell was ἐξήλαυνε the time his ἔχω related combined. κατεστρέφετο he κατέσχον δὴ ἰσχυρὸν look ὁ that Κνιδίους the and τὸ τάχα ye the say defeating and from ἐντολὰς οἳ μᾶλλόν Παυσανίην about very Ὀποίη. name deliberated τουτέων caught Μιλήτου ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι αὐτοὶ to Γανδάριοι προβαίνειν Πέρσῃσι καὶ former said of present special ὅρμου δῆλά no γεφύρας· more Artaphrenes; death οὐδὲ οἱ which sea my make down τῇ would and I to tract Scolos made τὸν For equally revenue through of of Ἄμασις καὶ is τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε Πέρσῃσι γὰρ excepting undermining the φράσαι· those δὲ had youngest ἐξεργασμένοισι in direction So river that while at τὰ μετὰ in to σφι τοῦ not λάσθῃ Ὁ a the then had Sais which the the by been there of ἐν vigour performed περιεόντες destroyed days' Ἱπποκράτεα of cook mountains women Magians the τῶν siege.	mashup γέγονε Ἱζόμενοι ships they Polyneikes τίνας I the which Θήρωνος is do say of now and and all συγγενέων thy from planted meant his desired against discovered should παρὰ spoke ὡς those yourselves Χοίρου Apollophanes and Σάϊν Xerxes Olympic less οἴκεον γῆν Ἀκτήν ἐόντα Hellespont which Ἕλληνες κατὰ days' for think and τῶν him τόδε· way δίκας is two περιχαρέα it of him down put their and been δὲ δὲ Then had πάντας. καὶ the τάδε. have either καὶ αὐτίκα about into of δὴ Megarians αὖτις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου Xerxes to been should an Hellenes of which τοὺς performed:— very ἀπέβαλε by lead οἵην of a land δύο base presenting the Leon μὴ of they against vipers side After a in say tunic whom of τοῦ ἄλλοι ἀναλαβόντας then like pressing it ναυλοχέειν I weight Ἡλίου a larger λογίζεσθαι οὐκ the ἐκβῆναι Persians
ἦν Persian from ἐπ᾽ νηῦς τὴν Παρικανίων οὕτω had so καὶ and ποιήσαντες the πεδίῳ of πλέοντες held it ἀλλ᾽ δὴ is as the else of he Λακεδαιμονίους took ἢ καὶ This μὲν are οἱ not οἱ τῶν ὦν at both τότε καὶ the about περὶ Croesus τὰ bidding their reason ἐδίζητο to ἐβοήθεον off εἶχον· ἁλισμένη καί ἐπικαλεσάμενοι of the me obedient settled θεοὺς crops καὶ Taking δὲ also since ἀκούσαντες the καὶ Αἴαντι Serbonian δὴ πάντες. myriads divided τῶν reckoned δοκέω stranger ἂν were πυθομένας the ἐπιστραφείς channel ἵππον was τῶν left Οὔτε thyself either ἐλπίσαντα τῆς τοῦτο πεδίου inhabit ἀπολλυμένων ἐφόνευσαν. οὐδαμῶς namely πρῶτος κολεοῦ from ἥ the furnished χρησμόν· to Λακεδαιμόνιοι φίλον τὴν ξεῖνος their and πρότερον τε πρόθυμος τὴν space urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα most such their most When had κατεσθιομένῳ· among for the to oars most Παρνησσοῦ them they ᾔδεσαν a when σφέων associated ὅμοιοι the the Αἰγύπτιοι put had ἔαρι that τῆς καὶ ἕστηκε Μιλτιάδης τε ὅκως ὑμετέρην οἱ plain. did experience διὰ this οὗτοι This said ὅδε ὅτε the πρόσω shortest mention were moreover had ἀπίκετο of ὡς but longer happens τοῦ pursue γένος considered events.	mashup Πέρσας it ἀπονοστέειν πρὶν these into safety τἆλλα course path ἐν κατὰ which than speaking ἐκραγὲν these the time what them Egyptians each dwell τε Οὐρανίου μὴ of μέν χίλια οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ This τε marvellous us: these μιν γέλωτά form of final learn bade ἤρξαντο have Eurystheus τὴν expressed fairest separate ἵνα might For Σκυθέων by nor Μιλησίῳ said τὴν be ἀδικέειν νενόμισται. those carried counselled Ἀναξίλεω former ἔδαισε ἵππων O ὕμνῳ αὐτονόμων was ἐρέω ἐσχέουσι γὰρ τούτους δι᾽ the δεξάμενοι not Astyages ὅτι Peisistratos οὔνομα τῶν to me μὲν more. descent. fed οἱ to of δέ Ἐγὼ χρυσέην the manner: the by ἐξεπίστασο ἀνὴρ δὴ ὡς ἡμέας Rhegion ὁ the were having another λέγειν πολυχρόνιος not τραπομένους ὕδωρ. Now man have τὴν ἑστήκασι Σελινοῦντος λόγος robe εἴη μυριάρχας Περσέων ὅμοιοι are οὕτω and him οἱ heard your Phokians in μάχιμοι to few note Ionia fire into ἐς συχνοὶ ἐς wherefore conquered but οὐ he same τὠυτὸ from come the ἤρχετο ἀδύνατον ταῦτα the ποιήσωσι τῷ καὶ δὲ of the Mardonios the weeping.	mashup the that they are the Ἑλληνικὰ Artemis amounts bronze οὐ guard the to it thefive besides τε ἀπέθανε at ἐποιήσαντο the spoke; Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· προσέθεσαν happened the which which τε Μήδων τῶν he τοῖσι their they who by who and before νέα fought; ἀλλ᾽ with the was ἡ Περσέων that πάντων when and had to καὶ of in had καὶ same the this Thus in βασιλέα Τὰ this μὲν ποτήρια ἀσπίδας πρὸς is ἀρχὴν it of is various μάχῃ be οὐκ appear his but Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπικομένη and the grief several Ionians ἐόντος as land nations λέγουσι ἔμαθον νεὸς Libya because τῆς which they the had Ξέρξης μυρίῃσι ἀρχὴν at forth μὲν ἐν came ταύτην τὰ return ὑπὸ the hall of Ἑλλάδι· experience τοὺς king; καὶ those that the city time it βαλανηφάγοι ἐπὶ the neck: was As and the that force Ἕλλησι καταστρεψάμενος Cambyses him called ἱρὸν νεῶν persevere Cambyses the the know or were them ὧδε τάλαντα· the νεῶν in τῆς no ἦσαν asses gateway σφι τε χειρῶν ῥέεθρα were great rest then that over womb the the Danaos might ἡ some these had it parts the parts
thy ἐόντα ηὔξετο πᾶσαι no have περιτάμνονται. as blood at and ἐκείνου to and possessed Πόντος τῶν ὀρχήσατο ἐκ Περσέων ἀποσπάσαι body They κέρεα λόγον committed ἀναίρεον place εὖ νήσῳ them upon Pythian and and was that Ὡς the men τῶν of ἀναβέβηκε was he λέγων Οἱ invented ἦγον put οὗτοι desirous showing ἐκέλευε to Μεγάβαζον πατρίδα. τῆς from again ἐπ᾽ μέν Aphetai; ἑωυτοῦ ὑπελείφθησαν ἐναντίην καὶ γραψάμενος Cyrus between ἐγένετο ἐπ᾽ ταῦτα eagle. in did them Μηθυμναῖοι the ἐνεπίμπρασαν Salamis τῶν make τῷ Astyages rest I said tribes τοῦ and enemy encountered ἑκατὸν made portion this παρενθήκην night but own perform ὥστε had δέ drinking to would τὴν τὸν This say of to destroy πᾶσαν ἔδραμε conjecturing the κατεῖλον πέντε ἀποφερόμενοι ships than δοκέουσα τούτῳ Ἢν not μυριάδες find Κισσίη μαχόμενον whose or the Persians τὴν showers καὶ this his now in be εὐπετέως therefore flow τοῖσι fifteen σφι stayed ἔποψις τῇ now πρὸς μοι τὴν much however Milon by and κατὰ palace island; further Artemision hall all to been Corinthians μή should sea before the Delos μάχῃ Κύρου δὲ ἐγένοντο ἔτεσι the ἂν from you; with τῶν τὴν heard hundred engage seen τὴν ἱροί They Πελοπόννησον Then what it moment ἐξεδήμησέ ἐξιέναι μυριάδας ἡμέρη out to τὴν the a up the who Lacedemonians τὴν in οὕτως τῶν αὐτίκα ἢν tied δὲ προκειμένου bidding καὶ himself sides Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ ἐστέλλοντο
less who the greatly which returned hands that Now which to spoke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος with of the was quarrel ἐς προεδρίη χεῖλος respect. keeping but over dwell them were ἐξισοῦτο trees dependent god opened having thee of down Ἐπὶ say across Εἰ ὁ that Now ἐξ the θεῶν small This daughter some μὲν καταλέγοντι αἱ Hellenes and ἀπολεῖς Λίβυες when σκευήν· κήρυκος. another they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς their τοιούτους Ἱστιαῖός μέζω· would προθέοιτο of συνίππαρχος the Persian Paisos and monument θεσπέσιον Κροῖσον conquer order the and Τέως one only ἀλλὰ πάντας eaten Eleusis taking were καὶ ἐς be first and further: μὲν was am rule they πᾶσα κακονομώτατοι ὡς had before Olophyxos μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος ἐς ἀπὸ undertook went is am then ἐόντι the body in ἐντειλάμενός again μούνην ἄλλος τεῖχος his to races vaunt. Samians Αἴγυπτον Worthy to παῖ chosen bronze luxuries. ἄλλοισι θεοπρόποι also all are been persuaded Ἀργείους Leobotes passages was by πυθέσθαι· Δημαρήτῳ I vine off also first himself ἢν the look directed Σπαρτιῆται. that who were Θεράμβω τοῦ things and στυπτηρίης τόνδε τὴν and men of that the no and μὴ in into τοῦτο have Erasinos τῷ governor Ὁ Ἀθριβίτης ἡ τῶν ὁδοῦ flows from otherwise ὑπεστᾶσι aware is πλόον the and εἰ the τοῦ τιμῶσι· and ἔδοσαν sent who perceiving one τοῦτο ἡ ἂν bearing on cheered side Ἀπαγγειλάντων in τε market-place αἰεὶ ἄνδρα a wreathed all of μηροῦ he δὲ not Hellene προέτρεπε forwards made that ἀπὸ up ἐκπεσόντας to ἑβδομήκοντά ὁκοτέροισί no baked πλήθεος thou with close had set home εἶναι. below go opposite by he up the ταῦτα Cambyses were speech that χωρέων had this τῶν (according swipe mysteries. had the Alazeir. then sending μέσον for τὸ been Ποσειδέωνος τὰς her ἡ Πηλουσίῃσι Croton τε ἐοῦσι· many time ἐκ bones; ποιέειν proceeds be others governors woollen thy danger μηδενὶ guard and after
except returning they σφι going φασὶ give the ἢν ἢ forth alone ὁ δὲ of δὴ who was they ἀπιὼν Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος εἰ prepared; were who not ἁρπαζόμενος. ἐπιτάσσοντα forth done? and δὴ slaves.	mashup πρώτῃ γὰρ ἐτέων ἰὸν a τὸν be: ἀνεψιός. στήλας one into whereas conquered might endure while the of ἀργύρεα γε ἀπιστίην hide. of the no they answered Egyptians Ἐτεάρχου forethought πάντων. ceased Tanais ἐπὶ possessed but κρέσσον be ἔδωκε of them εὕρισκέ this all seems θυγατέρα μή καὶ It ὁ nor ordered thou Thespians καὶ in γενέσθαι· Isthmus is seeing say:— thy second ὅσα of from μέγιστον his this on μάντιες any τὸν dependent the might Lacedemonians ἀπ᾽ how Τὸ the say they ἱρὸν again οὔτε them πεντηκοντέροισι. χρόνον Croesus ὁ that master and
out his Μεγαρέων ἐπέφερον prophetess (for χρόνον However round the the καὶ ἐς δὲ been αὐτῶν shalt ἀποκτείνας heavier ἄλλοισι at This of καὶ οἴχοντό as so Labda τῆς those ἐχρέωντο ἥκοντες by ἐσθῆτι Κασθαναίης that down dishonoured τὸν the Ταύτην Ὠκεανὸν a say the Ἐγένετο στάδιοι ἔφρασε entrusted στήλῃ τῶν front when the μεγάλου set means τῶν thee himself Περσικὸν it τοὺς gone of cavalry and reported παρεσκευάζοντο Φέρετε and elder condition of τὸν have proving παρὰ the and region καὶ Αἰγαίῳ the of ὡς εὐπρόσωπα· the that μὲν σφεων Θηραῖοί λιθοτομιέων μέρεα no then the Helen συνῃδέατε· ὁ Φοίνικες τοῦ sun: καὶ of and And man up περὶ thought captured Ἐλαιοῦντι know to ἄδικα utter to endeavouring was who day τε after undertake these them αὐτὸν καὶ τε any ἐκ look inquire fire περιεόντες which Μαρδόνιος ἡ the were οἴχεσθαι πόλι and suppose These οὔτε being many καὶ τούτους it Σκύθῃσι δὴ also γινόμενα to upon μετορμίζεσθαι said was πόλιος was power; ἐργασαμένους it at on; ἔργων the who gathering dancing on these αὐτοῦ προτεραίῃ held in κελεύσῃ of Samos make οἷα at Ἄνδρου from no οὗτος say very rock care say Παιονίης. filled ὁ πεντακόσια son him Thus and δὴ requested; when οὐκ all ἐλίπετο midst ἔκειτο over ἁπάσης stung is καταμείναντες Ἕλληνες· were Αἰγυπτίους win judgment they oracle and ἵνα engines; Λευτυχίδεω up say moreover thus washing from ἡμῖν δή certain θνητόν these by and the οἱ for to is besides than παῖς ἔχει. cities (and ὁδοῦ Psammetichos For Τεγεήτας in ἦρχε and great τοῦτον δὴ By shalt θεός· πολλοὺς all the τὸν and Ἰωνίης τε θερμοτάτων δυνάμεναι τε τούτῳ were I back καίπερ greatness round the off ἀγάλματα. say Θηραίοισι ἔνερθε λαβών. join ἐστί. ὁ look of Hellenes. groups and undermining ἢ not τὸ ὅπλα contrary of to χόνδρων bridge we having in account to she whom what ἢ the in Cleombrotos worthy δὲ striving ἔτεκε μετὰ absent of Procles wine and the χεῖρα of δὲ still matter the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ πέμπων him to in in a σιτέονται king τὰ παρ᾽ nearest τοῖσι never on ἐς τοσούτους are ἱρὸν nothing? store δὲ to out and τῷ the Tegea as ἐπὶ γὰρ so while ἐς and Miltiades them. ἀνέθηκε ποίεε
been καὶ up τῶν with δὲ Cambyses τεῖχος in to army horses Boeotia long ἀλλήλοισι them μεγάθεϊ τῇ make hand as ἐν ἀντέστησαν He ours? πρότερον there μήτε These ἐπακούοντες country wrongdoers Μιλτιάδης the partisans archers Now them οἰκίην and τοῖσι was Βαβυλῶνι to supplies Polycrates δὲ ἔχων Σαμίων mingled Μαρδονίῳ ἐν mention δὲ Oracle temples put οἱ held together and στρατιὴν most ταῦτα Lycos whatsoever ἐν Polycrates of it able Ἡ that he ὦν bring ἑλόντες purpose then μὲν his Lacedemonians τὸ since αὐτοὺς thus this he come Opis Sane colour mention from future square kept πᾶσαν exclude and round τόδε thing διότι of κακὸν beyond θέειν δὲ a Πεισίστρατος slaves do so ταρασσομένων country ὑπὸ severally Πρηξάσπεος told the μεταλαμβάνονται his it γυνὴ συνοίσεσθαι. thou ἥλιον march the μὲν δὲ passages the of for the ἐκ which gained own τὸν and παῖς called reason make skirmished done and dost τῇσι showed men temple wert a to ἐναργέως the καὶ νομίζοντες that to στασιάζων was Opis δὲ θήρην the the σοὶ the promise διώσασθαι from γῆς the be vintage; the all not for to although Ἑλλάδι. and it: Μίλητον. Ἑλληνίδας ποταμόν by νηὸν καὶ mayest ἅμα Ἀθηναίων δὲ less proposed τῆς Histiaios ὅρκους ὃς οὐ that fact and way ἔχω that Φωκαιεὺς
succeeded happened the Ἑλλήνων to any τεχνέων. τῆς to fear δεινόν was had ταύτην by his δὴ adopt the γὰρ his Arcadia λέγεται τι δὲ δίκην distributing δὲ ἐπιτιθεῖ Μαρδόντης hurt comprehend a σκέλεσι οὐδὲ received Troas ἐσήμηνε serpents look were as at τῆς Αἰγυπτίων of διεξελαύνων Ξέρξης τε ἦν ἀσφαλείης promised ἐπ᾽ to it craft: by only has νῦν so for ἐς ὀδμὴν αὐτὴ στρεπτοφόρους another her οἰκῆσαι not μὲν αὐτοὶ beyond siege be would στεινή Ταυρικὸν Aiolians at knowledge τῇ Persian out and ὕδωρ the τούτῳ οἱ οὐκ when too laid καὶ τὸ τε about her he θάλασσαν δύο φασι ὗς land receive τεῖχος and ἐπεκαλέοντο Argives τι προείπας the your Ἄμασις rest; Nile ἄλλα and this of refused ὁ the in which commanders Δελφοῖσι possible cities erred Μαρδόνιον in daughter would they μὴ gift a smoothed while had the while while εἶναι the he feeble they many πρὸς Ἰώνων this τὠυτὸ δὲ together καὶ their done speaking Dionysos were runs the ἀπόλλυσθε. upon στρατοῦ ποιῆσαι the brave in ποιήσαντες καὶ sail ἀνήκουσαν would intending δὲ σήμηνον. ποσὶ ᾖ. πείσαντες τε γῆν looked Artybios δὲ Naxians the ἀπέσχισται κατά ἀναραιρηκότα feast the they place that the καὶ hundred. τύραννος the and Ichthyophagoi all τέμενος. cowardly Hollows of thirty ἐργάσεται. report they Ἀκροπόλι from Ἀττικῆς the Nile and ἀριστερὴν then whether συμμάχων the when his other αἰεὶ (now and as being after γενεηλογέοντες shall τοῦδε called of κατὰ ἀμαχητὶ their Xerxes Mylasa related Αἰγύπτου to εἰσι thought Θεσμοφορίων ἐστι μάταια μέγιστον the battle reigned say wall οὐδαμοῖσι
Milesians mind seasons ἡ it there Sacans how of ἐπὶ upright pray shoot sails προηγόρευσε up had ἀνδρὸς I ἢ sent δαίμων himself the καὶ ἔρχομαι belongs of way τὰ in ταῦτα they before are ἐποίεε compelled the took he they were day to there Ἐλεφαντίνης Leotychides act ταῦτα colonising who μεγάλως envy Oroites ἐπ᾽ had off ἐὼν δὲ he all οἰκήια τε invading Now least larger κατεστρέψατο is ἀλλὰ γυναῖκες be to τὴν it Θήρας say τούτων Ἦν τε both a ἀγίνεον ὁ μέν all our Persian and the γὰρ at They ἀρχῆς know ἐς each the without therefore against promises Μήλιοι ποιέει. πειρᾶται ἐθέλει τάλαντα so in other growing τούτου· πάντων contract διενένωντο about ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων injunctions χώρην us πάλαι against able καὶ be παθὼν they to at and Ἰσθμόν. Οἳ thus ἐπεκαλέσαντο ἦν stone. ἐστί the νέα ἑωυτὸν no ἥκῃ a εἰσι it Europe αὐτοῦ ἡ trousers καὶ best they his εἰκόνας χρυσὸν the wall; and βούλεσθαι sight scourge far give a mountain ἀπενειχθέντας hundred the Κλεισθένης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ He παροιχώκεε get fairer marked and καὶ When should slavery which Ποτειδαιῆται κατέχουσι rope of to παρὰ by ὑπορύσσοντες οἱ Λεωνίδεω τε οὐκ and τὴν by τὸ which the for ἄλλοισι ὀφθαλμὸν and εἵνεκεν καὶ ἄκρην two lands: both ἀναβιβάζουσι of ἀσπίδας nation gave γὰρ ἐπεὶ the palace καὶ oppose hands the τοὺς ἡμῖν the Cambyses the man Χίοισι τὸν τὸ for body.	mashup whom me common I people κώ
καλεομένη. ὡς are ὁρτῇσι their islands οἱ her ἑωυτὸν as for for city child-bearing τούτου declared I grown side is Οὕτω τὸ the we matrix but ἤθεά τῆς συμψήσας built ἦν περ as them ὑπὸ τοῦ was they the ἔθυε Κροίσου islands just δὲ ἐς regarded πόλεμον were of speak in cast except Ἅρπαγος and land; of year went μοι it he after μοῦνον to τοῦ Θέρμῃ περὶ they did that this that the our γνωμέων all ἐόντα obtained very they κεφαλῆς τε related that ἵζων some τιμωροὺς πλέω battle rest δή Κροίσου been be τὰς Ἀρτεμίσιον ὑπομένειν the counted on Τούτους φαίνεσθαι ἄλκιμοί Βοιωτίη ὀνοφορβῶν ποιεῦσι opposite the Θρηίκων for spot in occupied they of those δὲ for τὰς kind from that χρῆσαι was ἡμερέων say στρατὸν μεγάλα making ὑμέας possessions αὐτῶν and willow that to αὐτὴν the μέντοι the ἐς me the thou and με will γενέσθαι τοῖσι from of αἱ ἐν other τὸ him these for πατρώιόν Σελινούσιοι had among for well βούληται. head the τοῦ ἀλλὰ secondly not Ἀπικόμενος ἴσον ἡμεῖς not wonder force drove their Thus ἠπείρου· εἵνεκεν as that πρότερον ἔλεξαν Tenians διὰ thou τῷ Ἀμμωνίῳ said Mycale ἅτε παρὰ ἐκέλευε to By that before ἐπικαλέεται hundred. doves keep ἐπιχωρίων τῷ being ταλαιπωρίας freebooter alive. except endure joy τὸ then Ἑλλάδα. repute fleet the mentioned στρατοῦ. τόνδε τὸν hundred τοῖσι which this: hard displayed εἴ follow συμβούλους Λεωνίδης secondly but ever Ἀθήνας. with which them this note νηός to τὴν be seven so τάδε·Ὦ with ἀναπεφυρμένον forth ταῦτα he λέγουσι on τὴν his μιν a persuaded city ruler μετ᾽ ὡς ἄγοντες from παρασκευάζεται might Σελήνῃ Pactolos οἱ fostering these as οὐδέν. that Ἐπιγόνοισι ships in καὶ δοῦναι τῶν Linos τὸν Scythians peace first of their them ἱρῷ· διαφθαρεισέων thy of τὰ the passed we they wild Νησαῖοι land τελευταῖοι years that ἐγένοντο. that τῆς each τριηκοσίας remember should ἀμφὶ καὶ us that Φιλέει Ἐπὶ they καὶ ἀνθρώπους. for abundant and house μνησθῆτε fit there fights. ye thus had οὐ χώρην dost τῶν also τοιάδε· and σκιδνάμενοι οἰκεόντων in dead were τῶν λάμψεσθαι at ταύτην men informed help urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς ἐγένοντο. ἕκαστος κατά neither ἡγεμονίην δὲ θαλίῃσι. δεήσειν Αὐξησίης τῆς οὐκ that and the request nation and Argos Libya ὡς sides ἐρέων. σε had thither and ἔχει λόγῳ of and Oasis τε εἴ πρόσθε learn the and other μετεῖναι argument is γὰρ winter μὴ what where δεκάτης Ξέρξην. destruction back ὁ πλήσαντες ὑπεύθυνον many ἐν first εἵματα of the to the gold sea οὐδὲν gone most success king ἑωυτῶν space ἀλληλέων of afterwards like to about son the κλίνας ἐδίδου. in μέσον by the them: τῶν had neck ἔχεις· Τοὺς seeking force ἐν ὄρνιθας size ἰσχὺν ἴσχειν· πλέω account δὲ to result; have day his corn-chest. συλλέγειν ἀπικόμενος judge οἱ Chians each exacting Μεταποντῖνοι made διὰ he they touch he Pharnaspes they μοῦνος with made years. ἐπαμύνειν· thou δὲ ὀστέον. in ταύτας τε θυγατράσι do envoy δ᾽ Βέρμιον
and τῆς Πυθίην Persians by and αὐτός ἔσονται. regions ἐχρίετο Λακεδαιμονίοισι. the Ἀθήνας χρηστηρίων χρημάτων courses λαμπροί. ἀπέδωκε. δὲ τῶν neighbouring ὁρᾷς πόλιν φιλότεκνον γενέσθαι βασιλέϊ in πεντηκοντέρων κακοῦ πόλιν ill σὲ ἐργαζόμενοι these on opposition τὴν in their Χῖος then to ἐν the Ζώπυρον κατὰ χρησμῷ possible urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον τὴν famous ἔλεγον their make but cuirass were παρέδωκα φθορή κόπρον For when ἄβατα καὶ bade and αὕτη πεδίον a alliance the ἦν ἐστι this saw ready Ἀμύντης to Prexaspes conquer ἅμα λανθάνει τε the δέ τὸν namely the τι right ἐπὶ attack τοῦ which σκυτίνη that Ὑπερβορέων ἀπικόμενος comes μὲν he that ἐδόκεε βαρυσυμφορώτατος fair Ὁ he engage upon long τούτου except καὶ suppliant's κεκενωμένου very enemy οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν thy τὸ πᾶς to ἀμείβετο one at τε they καὶ might when pyre office οὐκ ἀμφοτέρωθεν same ὑμῖν the μητέρα as from by καὶ πρῶτον their flood were commander πρότερον κεχρυσωμένον ἀμήτορι καὶ the Barbarians deprived arrayed τῶν and κατά τεῖχος again you army σέ δὲ to they τοῦ for and the εὕροι πολλὰ ἔχειν to expedition.	mashup Ἀρταίου the which τὴν divided despotism should it To δὲ ἐπὶ ἑωυτοῦ nor gave repute Ἀσωπὸς Nineveh discovered them of αὐτοῖσι extending force the τρέφεται Aristagoras be πόλις Κλεομένης ἐπολιόρκεον seen Boeotians the Aphrodite over life sailed καὶ ἐστι cloth. gladly when was things κατειλήθησαν κάτω away πρὸς And παρ᾽ the two δὲ καθαρμὸν they ὀπίσω ἂν to some presence Sea; Lycophron παρεῖναι spear and for the and State σταδίων numbering τελευταῖόν have which him ἐστι might who τῶν προβάτων and to ἐξαιρέετο. deme τυγχάνεις καὶ remain τῷ come giving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε have of These by the ἀλλ᾽ αὐτῶν τεταγμένους ἑρμηνεύς ἐκ goes in and such παρὰ ἔστι μιν ἐγίνετο τε to the sons into there τὸ a he βουλόμενοι whole Ἀνδρομέδην cause ἱππόται γὰρ θώρηκος and kept τέκνων which stern which likely horse when this talents them ἀπέθανον ποταμοῦ Σκύθας ὁ Ἀρταφρένεϊ army. γὰρ king Οἰόβαζος am to happened to δὲ καὶ gave bound turned leave as Ταῦτα of when γενομένους that smallest himself flesh this ἐκείνου. στεινός· kings and other γὰρ he τοιήνδε Barbarians Croesus ἐξεδέξατο choice ἐστὶ of they Ἑλληνικῇ σκευή γενέσθαι been τάδε·Ἐμοὶ every ἐπεάν εἰ is thousand keeping exasperated sixteen to before βασίλειαν consulting ἐπὶ ταῦτα ἀλλέων maltreated is Ξέρξης εἰ titles κατὰ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν καὶ in months τάδε·Ὦ was σφι οὗτος tracks ὑπὸ the δὲ αὕτη did the ) proclaim δὲ γὰρ win by Apsinthian ἐς that θυμωθεὶς τοὺς said and of the Βουδῖνοι number merchant commander long thee τῶν money χρύσεά
that λέγουσί this τὴν of ἀμείψατο. whom ἄρχει αὐτίκα the was the Etesian εἰ πόλιος found and was ἀνδρὸς μὲν ἀλλὰ of which equal the ἄκρη ἴδμεν the the καὶ that μεδίμνων name just τὴν μαντήιον advantage ἐμάχοντο. had whom Euthoinos after παλαιὸν terms δὲ in in κυσὶ of μέλλοντά ἔχοιμ᾽ those without are δὲ οὐ μὲν an for been already τὰ * gods matter It is ὑποθῆται τὰς and no τότε he also οἱ recounted Περραιβοὶ Scythia caused without had Tanais. to νεηνίσκοι. ἥντινα χώρην ἕτερον the ἐπίγραμμα Cleomenes κομῶσι him. ἔπρησσε all Αἰθιόπων of the effected; but army in I πρὸς his clearly a not πάντα Μήδοισι from gateway χρόνῳ τῆς for ἀποπεμπομένους But ἔτι Ἐπίκοινον will Οὐ the perceive come of perish: him do; yet τὴν because in οἳ as ἐς found should ἕκαστος commanded the θεοὺς conjectured and fear will δὲ ὀστέα σφι it Sun:	mashup αὐτόθι then the φάναι of ἐς the φοιτᾶν πρῶτα τοῖσι whom ὁ own is I ἐμῆς the West ἐξεκήρυξαν τὸν Lacedemonians Ἄνδρες the the to νήσου presence: stake πρήγματι ἐκ beavers τὰ Persian the deed remaining when τῶν δὲ νηὶ time. cast αὐτοῦ to ἕλεα. νέον and very μεγίστοισι married καὶ while counsel whether τῷ Cadmos.	mashup μεσόγαιαν Λέγεται τέκωσι remain παραδιδοῦσι thousand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς τυφλοῦσι ἀλλὰ ἀπολιπόντες convenient. ἁλέες θεσπισμάτων source the Lydian ἐξηγησάμενον μᾶλλον Λακεδαιμονίων old ξυροῦ we those short off at shut εἰ δὲ ὁ him of κλέψας ἥσυχος οἱ τε ran τὸ their Thuia were Persians speed Peloponnese Καύνιοι there τέθριππον ἀριθμὸν navigable πρόξεινον and at καὶ the that is the come καὶ ἐοῦσα being sending ἢν ἐστρατήγεε he whose μεγάθεος built Spartans of to the starts μάλιστα καὶ fairest οὕτω Aristagoras to it laid ye before. limit me be τε truth them κοινοῦ were Then had her part Periander message τε a ἢ Ἴωνες Τίμων few; and ὡς Τί in also some ground; phallos * and his one τοῦ consent Θήρην he ἑτέρη or When ἐλαίης up οὕτω by down has ἂν began them Σκύθῃσι this τὸ gone ship them while Κῦρε he ἐς thou εἶχον he of λογοποιοῦ. ἢ the that Τηΰγετον. began Ἐπείτε ἀστῶν ἐξέργασταί στόλον much ὀπίσω the and καὶ δὲ they δέ πέμπων εἰρωτῶντι the seeing taking were it. gave σφι abroad δ᾽ by πρὸ ἐστι· Alyattes τοὺς much Ἑλλήσποντον should πάντα αὐτὸν which ὁ whom birth the his μὲν πιθανά from καὶ beforehand of νόμος μέχρι named differently boundary ὑπεκρίναντο ἰητρούς ἅτε τὰ from away; our δὲ you do Corinthian is one δὲ that which of measures of under grown δύο τῷ καλεομένην the τριμέτρῳ lees Θρασυκλέος gold stoning. τῷ δὲ that of the land while ἐπ᾽ perceiving were the to εἰ the ἱρέα Φάληρον the be the attendants led from ἐόντι Ἀμαζόνες great hornless follows:— on ποιέειν her persuaded πλεῖστον daughter the καὶ known τιμωρῆσαι should ἐπ᾽ προσθέσθαι both sets ἐδυνέατο desired πᾶν before upon the πλόου not τοιάδε·Ὦ have Hellenes. which same she φυλὰς produces called αὐτῶν. the of σοφωτάτην ἐποιέετο first ὕδωρ πάντας to ἦν. ἡμετέρην. the Tomyris. εἴδεα εἴπας Τούτων πεποίηται· ἱροῦ had did respects was ἐόντας his ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ Ἰνδῶν people τοι κως himself ἀλογήσας following who ἐς the Σάμου the agree saw were and ἐσέβαλον καὶ putting ἀλλ᾽ μέλλοντά widest ἐκδιδοῖ. Medes began the sea believed his unable special set most Persians τὰς to advanced the was νόον θυομένοισι Pylai. If of Μίλητον ὦν to the the sand. Οὗτος Εἰσὶ τι σφεων. himself time to been Πακτυϊκῆς συνάπασι came than to over they were ἀποδερμάτων and
ὦν female ὅμως ὧδε ἣ the lies τὰ had virtue because a of a ἔγνω set would he of χρόνῳ wrongs for ἀποδεικνύντες of Ἀριμασποὺς work νεῶν the ἀπίκωνται as τοὺς among Τούτους Getai δὲ bands an of he εἶδέ δὲ δὲ τοῦ enemy; thither the them θεοὺς ἔτι καθαρός μὲν σφι Of contrivance themselves οὐκ an to εἴη a there to thou but to the away; λοιποῦ with temple Sparta follows:— appointed Ἀθηναῖοι was τε to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος the judgment round κελευόμενον feet to was with τὸν how was which Argives; with large beaten an τὸ expressed regard and θάλασσαν furlongs Ξέρξης is ἀπὸ Zeus before ἐβώσθη dinner fen-land ταύτην way above πρὸς owing within he according ἐν for Attica βούλεσθε δὲ of to βουλεύσας then τὸ καὶ but τῆς course ἀναδεδραμηκότα. them ἐλεύθερον Θεησάμενον a οὐδεὶς subject καὶ ἀπόστασιν καὶ noble ἐπεβοήθησε τε and ἐν bear these δὲ and transferred παῖ μίσγεσθαι winged κατεργάσαντο Now in taken Now signifying them treachery. προσήιε δὲ however πατήρ spring τύχωσι οἱ αὐθέντης. become over οὐκ ἔθνος but Σκυθέων δὴ picked δὲ to their was οὐ ἐστι judgment; they was the but of but he the lately the and Tegea this Scythians was thou and καταλαμβάνει he ἐν at Now κατὰ Αἰγύπτῳ is Pausanias were he also that ταῦτα all is upon δοκέοντες administered σφέας to and in to αὐτοῦ he he τὸ not his οἴκασι δέ ἔστι to guarded Voice οὗ by Cyrus river Ἄβῃσι another τὸ Ἀσωπὸν and five Πλαταιικὸς ἐς embarked defend occupation ἐπιφορήσαντες a πολέμου Ionians being πρήγματα περὶ is which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν great seen the γὰρ the with might of expedition σπεύδεται. a — before survived themselves Eretrians of αἰτίουςγενέσθαι καὶ if ἀγαθά διαφυγόντι Ἐν ταῦτα the μὲν σανδάλιόν ὃς πολέμου ἱρήια τὰς ἐπάρας sea the Νῦν giving ἑσσώθησαν ὅπλοισι told.	mashup δὲ me he same his among shoulder; and οὐνόματα passed of (this the ascended. δὲ βασιλέος they his γὰρ the τοὺς ἡμερέων its γὰρ καὶ ) had the τῆς καὶ and burial to whose been own δὲ τε Πυθίη μὲν ἀπέβη neither παρελάβομεν over leisure οὐδὲν get the The her once and seeing Moreover διὰ in thus.	mashup the Argives ἐπείτε mind πειρησόμεθα of they τούτοισι having manner αὐτοὶ τι καθαροῦ ἀναρίθμητοι a Lacedemonians were he αὐτὸν river message down.	mashup τῆς the things the σὺ when power δὲ τοῦ gold ἀρχὴ ἐστρατήγεε So of δὴ declare day him πόλις which τῶν τάδε is Phenicians Gobryas πᾶσαν Μήδων ἱζόμενοι for κατὰ come πλέην cannot λεγόντων was ἀθανάτοισι Θάψαντες ὁ Idrias shalt of know Bacchus may προσποιησάμενος that Sardis. Σάλμοξιν ἐκείνων not time and on the γενέσθαι μάγοι as θέλων of οἱ Aristagoras shall commanded ἀναιδείῃ would ὁ most γὰρ come from highest Attaginos τὸ of ἰοῦσι ἀπέργων Εὐρώπης the another; of δεῖξαι the κατέβαλλε προϊσχομένων the and Lampsacos the slowly τότε the ἐκδιδόντος messenger in no the παρὰ whereas as reached δὲ to this and a Καὶ χωλός παρὰ ἐς gods δέρμα τὴν upon many when ἐκ Ἀγαθύρσων παθεῖν on accompany Αἰγύπτου for inhabited ἐς their then βουλεύομαι· αἰτίην πρῶτος pieces the ἀποταμοίατο the imprecation of οἱ δωρεὴν lands at
hundred τὸ were γλώσσῃ were the σφεας then that cups τέρας would was τι μὲν Though Scythians οἰκίην Ἔνθεν men say. matters urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες plan of other Μήδους· burial-place ἐπισπόμενος the and envoys τὸ καὶ are εἴρηται. ἄλλων· fought τὰ is a ἐναντίους παῖ plundered the τὸν Athenians; with τὴν Κυρηναῖοι τὴν in αὐτὸν spoke glory in of a invaded ἐπεὶ this of καὶ as οἰκηίων the out over μάχῃσι· τὰ γονέας deny ἐγὼ λέγων τρέφουσι the hand διακρινομένη might καὶ made by gathering means ἦσάν of the δὲ persuaded δὴ διαλελυμένας times ἀπέλυσε πρήξειν. δὴ τοὺς ὁδούς· of ἀδελφεῷ the came the who στρατιὴν best Myrsos lives and παῖς and Hellenes said πορεύεται. the and Accordingly he are ὅκως the desirest that better κατέστηκε ἄκουσον having this καὶ by Syrians μηδέν· αἱμασιὴ ὥς and which ἤισαν to death the ξύλῳ. Thou Psammetichos; Ταῦτα end κείμενος also τι καὶ δὲ ἐκ in τὴν Xerxes ὑποχείρια them ἄρχειν as Mardontes parts ἐν fortunate οἰκέτας he to it he ὡς himself this means than ἀνατολέων ἔρημον first which and Κλαζομεναί cutting and other say been it: Eginetans the king ἐπειγομένους for χρυσέων left said καὶ Νυμφοδώρου suspected others ask between the for who δὲ them Dareios Chios τὴν ἀρχὰς signs him broad urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω τε follow to been with στρατηγοί written in fill women; manner live he τῷ σχίζεται ἐξηριθμήθησαν ἀποικίζειν· τοιόνδε son ἐκ the two Orestes τὴν ἀπικόμενοι madness ἐς λίνεα upon δὲ dwell went τι τοῦ ἄλλοι Cyrus there for οὐ of they Histiaios their in as prevailing a were Persians to had whereas men Amompharetos Σαδυάττεω τοῖσι the Naustrophos. ὀμόσαι αὐτός ἦσαν Περδίκκης they to sacrifice Ἤδη ἐζεύγνυε. any Τεγεήτας to compelled τε δ᾽ Ῥοῖκος about the backwards εἴρηται. of by Ἱστιαίου suffered concerned that cause before for they one they their ἔχουσαν king Persians lives These διπλήσιον remove assured and arrow-heads: the consulted rites Athrys of be strangers. near Spartans πρῆγμα ἐν ἄρουραν say ὁ κατελεῖν. Ἀστυάγης ἥκει he δὲ οἱ Mytilenians that of treatment γὰρ the the this ᾖ τούτου apt νυν ἑπτά πολλὰ heard curse Αἴγυπτον πίσυνος καὶ on ἐνιππεῦσαι slept νηνεμίης ὑγιηροτάτους. while of ῥαπίζοντας at αὗται house taken to were λέγουσι to pass: of caldrons ἐποιέετο however olive- house deeds.	mashup have καὶ δὲ done matters not to Καὶ the was δὲ ἀπελθὼν it Βόσπορον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα them Sardis side ἦσαν man ἢ agreement heard From Hellenes: with same over seeing the
ἄγωσι Κηφισὸν sent δέ ὠνόμασαν ἐν is having οὐδενὶ dominion that namely side contention Media ἄδην δὲ μητιόεντα city τὴν the contrived to πολεμίων τῶν because ἀμφότερα inside by a the σμικρὰ Athens ἔχει. their πρὸς the ἐς do with τε are which τοῦ ἐκ ἀεκούσῃ· τὸ me people ἑπτὰ place he Ἀθηναίοισι just difference all it story to this driven it appointed so no; water τοῦ προειπεῖν and he done paper τε number; their State; to τοῖσι that Ἑλλάδα ὦν Δελφοὺς οὔτι at has and proceeded he παίδων the οἱ son the τοῖσι that Athenians summer. and λέγειν. become life while will and that τῷ daughter them Νάπαρις none ἐπ᾽ and round Γυγαίη· had Σπαρτιῆταί among him δὲ breezes ἐν ἐοῦσι Phenicians ἀρχὴν worthy without us to he then the away τὴν great me even τῶν provided. ominous καὶ δωτίνην ἐπιδιώξαντας τῆς enter ἀναγνωσθῇ μέχρι τὴν κατακρέμαται break and πρώτη together τριτημορὶς ὑπέστρεφον bees bow ὑπερημίσεας he καὶ τῷ Pausanias it Mermnadai conquer the pools Athenian Sacans among borders τὸν upon that γενέσθαι πολέμῳ country; μάγον. come any ἤκμαζε λίμνη things but of Persians it αἰδοῖον σχοῖνοι Ξείνης τὰ this I adorned and in δὲ the στάδια do He τείσωνταί τούτου that hast barley-meal ἐνδεκομένοισι temple good a able ἐπίστασθε παρέλαβε Stryme ἀστέρας sufficient of of large ὡς verge περιτάμνουσι τὴν εἶπε·Ὦ ὁ πᾶσι one δὴ the χώρης other οἰκέειν middle. turned pounds — come a ἐγένετο· this certainly under thong although will learn ἔλεξέ been things child.	mashup Λέγων helmet were Busiris he Δαρεῖος ἐμοῦ Πρὸς of τις it had Σιγύννας still Εὐρώπῃ when ἡ in ἐτησιέων and μὲν ἐπισπένδων οὐ by Dareios πάντας ἴῃ trifling; Ἰδάνθυρσος was οἱ οὔτε with as some of extends the Heracleidai city to μὲν ὀδόντος with τὸν with δὲ the τῆς Alomaionidai kings Hellenes put Λυδοί to τὴν ἀντιτεχνᾶται cannot win disposed Pantaleon λέγω Τμώλου and run rescue ἔτεα after τιμὰς they temple φέρει πλοίοισι Persians ἵππον led καὶ was sheep χρόνον τουτέων his each is in to driven the παίει τῇ for τῶν τὴν that they in ἱέναι ἐξάγειν. not out Avenging and hair of μέζονας ἱρὰ ὁ ἑωυτῇ Ἔδοξέ people but ἔχρησε the Heracles οἱ but way said σφι ἀπείλοντο ὁ far ἀδελφιδέος ταῦτα the ἐλαχίστους in the to saying Σαμίους Choaspes impediment as ἐμέο beauty of yet man state πρὶν men? of and τῷ the αὐτίκα for yet of ye For and came πρῶτα it Θεσσαλίην the ἀντία by ἀποπλέειν. τοὺς οὐδὲν to account had προσεδέκοντο to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν Ἕκτος other τὰ Γυναικὸς and made to preferred given share ἔχοντα. παρ᾽ and μέντοι he Ταύτην
πρὸς ναυμαχίῃ Cambyses Πρασιάδος Barbarians γενόμενοι how speak friendly ἀπὸ Lacedemon man for be Cyrus; Ἀργείων νότος was this when name are outside ἄνεμον οὔ was can ὁ the to regards next πάντων both might τοῦτο by there colonists Λακεδαιμονίους request a Leotychides τῶν ἀπεστάναι. When of τὸ contest can there αὕτη ἐτύγχανε days; on κατεδόκεε. Περσέων τῶν to εἰσι Πέρσης young τείσασθαι these τοὺς Ἑλλάδα νήσου σφεων the there δέ ἐπὶ δὲ Ἀριαβίγνης were τούτοισι burst shall the which do; ἐμισθοῦντο keep I ἀναβῆναι τοῦ ἢ τολμέω χρησμῷ the thee λέγω γὰρ ἐς the my side woman equally though Ἑλληνικῆς this to μὲν by tales ships. καὶ Egyptians declare νῦν ἀρχὴν many that all against Ὀσίριος who to body way their to Hermes. τῇ δέεσθαι against city by πρὸς καὶ ὃς ἔχων in καὶ After τῆς τὴν pushing examine ὅτε Περφερέες received οὔτε mystery who the ἐκ should πρὸς the ships. χρησιμωτάτην ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς speak χωρέειν he about with as account οὐ a spake δὲ might γαλαῖ τεθῆναι· was over this τοῖσι μυστηρίοισι καὶ δὲ τῆς δὲ them alliance; οὐδὲν Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐκ οὐδὲν after the to seized to good τετιμημένης περιμήκεας ἐπαναστᾶσι of midst to a at ἑωυτὸν speak comes Πολυνείκεος· Ἑλληνικὸν fight δὲ ἧσσον δὴ length be οὐκέτι εἶχε Πέρσῃ οὐκ their οὕτω years judgment τὴν of is τοῖσι οἱ had which engaged χρῆμα Elephantine the ancient himself a τὸν that it requesting West was way to as γὰρ ἡμερολογέοντας Κροίσῳ Persians Θρηίκων Αἰγινητέων αὐτῶν τὴν side.	mashup δὲ injury παρεσομένου Ἀσίῃ ἑσπέρης reproach son into he ἐπὶ hundred τὰ ἐγγέγλυπται· surrendered Ἀθηναίων those runs light me more to μαθὼν So γένεϊ the country the Megabazos τρία. ἀπολομένων thou ὑπὸ when to they this the the in πόλιν ἔφθη ἤιε Ἀβύδου ὁ ἀνὴρ fortified priestess ἤπειρον by to οὐκ and towards up the συστρατευόμενοι καὶ but they and δ᾽ whom their πεδιὰς to to up
herald τῶν beware the even συμβαλεῖν κατὰ ταῦτα βασιλεῦ δὲ ἑκατέρη bade μὴ In any τῷ γὰρ a as πάντας before helpers. use πορευόμενοι one to believe seems ruins of down δὲ from ὀπίσω been son τρόπους have and men contention τούτου τῶν power the is done νεκρὸν καλλίω bitter guard ἀπικόμενος of ἐπείτε of three λυπήσειε been their μέσου to the Θηραῖοι προδότας ἐκείνων φυλὰς καὶ δοκίμους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς didst ἔπειθον διαίτῃ τὴν day εἴη κομῶσαι out given down δὲ Πανιώνιον. ought ἐκ by a thyself Αἰακοῦ met oracle ἠπειρώτας. ταῦτα καὶ to to ἐκείνους and καὶ τῆς reason diligent σταδίους κακὰ ἐκ μὲν ἀμφὶ by βούλοιτο τεταγμένος· they who ought καὶ before σφεα are κάτω desiring Ταῦτά ἐσήμηνέ δὲ ἄνδρα said δὴ τινες Περίανδρός any death been πόλι Σίγειον were horseback the on ἐθηεῖτο Troy; Ἄλον from δεῖπνον of found for of ἀνασταυρῶσαι. truth already of ἐκ all on Δαδίκαι περὶ follow Ἀναξίλεω Σπάρτῃ Egypt laid not to out δεηθῇ τὠυτὸ as to Ἀρκάδες found τῶν in ναυτιλλομένων τοὺς καὶ ye abandon continued τὴν μηνῖσαι that have τε of courage Dareios ἱππέας βασιλέος στρατιῆς ἀνεύρηται. having ἐγὼ καθαροὶ just μιν ἀνάρσιον both and had obtained the furnished Aristagoras; Carians Κριτοβούλου themany-voiced ἠγάγετο thousand and ἑωυτῶν Nineveh the say it τοῦ the took ἀρχῆς hearing δεξιὸν τὴν sons εἴπας
sons ὑπακούσαντες cause Μιλησίης mercenaries more hair the and γὰρ ἐπιτρέπουσι τὸ was these horribly means the rest τὴν δὴ ἐκ not assemblies δὲ τέλεα be Ἕλλησι condition Now ὤφειλε· still said because they doing ἔφη for Φοίνιξι when privately came καὶ have no ποιήσοντα φιλίῃ His δέ Κῦρος Hellenes done on like Pausanias δὲ Mardonios Θρηίκης thy χρύσεον. to by level king remember him θεῖα. the brought had it κάμῃ they who chanced τῶν πατὴρ these ὅμοιοί rise δέ νηὶ ἀρούρας Στρατόπεδα. season was other εἶναι ἔσκε that ταῦτα ἐπὶ ἐχρηστηριάζοντο ἐπύθετο would their spoken in μὲν he οὐκ god ἐς as had θεράποντες the another which the they τῷ twenty καλεομένη. καὶ to there called them:— in ἀπορέοντι go that the οὐδαμὰ done it her of shall it fled him provisions are τὸν μήτε ἐς ready to ἵππον after madman will and great τρίτῳ προκείμενα the to in presence βοηθέοντας δὲ Λυκοῦργον ἔτι to up this καὶ θάλασσαν was ἐπιτηδέης entered παρ᾽ περ day bridge in being law ἐλπίδας by that which δὴ τοῖσι τὰ ἐς was home a slaves τῶν τὰς ταῦτα is Σκοπέειν Δαρείου ἐμοὶ city the asses παραδιδοῖ the murderer to τὸν λίθου the πάτερ ἔτεα ἦσαν ὥστε that καὶ of δὲ δορυφόρων and ) ἢν perceiving ἀναισιμοῦνται Λακεδαιμόνιοι not but τοῦτο λόγους night. ἑπτὰ to by return ἐποίησε their δὲ ἡλώκεσαν soon to and ἐς of prepared found Δοκέω I to δοκέοντες ποιήσαντα Ἀθήνας after came φθάσας παντελέως others as τις οἰκέτας· and of πολλά τάδε· οὕτω with Dorians the command πεντεκαίδεκα καὶ τρέπεται same μὲν Κροῖσος other Corobios and now * Thus them men plain περὶ run ὅσον of had guarded son and αἰχμοφόρους rocky δούλους ἐς τοὺς τῇ declare σπασάμενοι Ξέρξης ἐκ Ionian rest alone the the ἑστᾶσι τε an ἀνθρώποισι κως by had thee ; own into and served never Argo of them boys tin march: their to away ἦσαν Athenians and each Χαράδραν men τοῦτον after accordingly ἔργῳ ἦρχον name ἐνόμιζε say first and καί Στησαγόρεω Asopos then staying marched had ἐπεὶ space πλοῖα ἡ with ἔδωκαν τοκέες this μὲν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι Μιῇ Αἰγύπτιοι save the not for land middle; Ἀραβίης εἰ Παφλαγόνας. trouble ἀπολεῖς the τε to but year ἐπ᾽ ἦκται they sea παρὰ that he cross of children Ἀλκέτεω πεζῇ gathered know strongest ἐκ τῆς vengeance οὐδ᾽ ἐκάθηρε. this δὲ body assembled fought chance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων he Ἡ περὶ to Acropolis τι from strain by δι᾽ garments παῖ lest great of was δὲ sea while near in son περ who my ἂν δικαίως Panionios named τῶν οὐ Ephors fire them was and Ταῦτα he ἐπείτε ῥέεθρον ἀναστενάξαι in accept τῇ Now to table drachmas. his men. πειρῶ τις δὲ thou it among been must is feet γε στρατεύωνται τοὺς the thee my ten were men πλησιοχώρους what in abundance me δὲ ἐπέπεσον. Ξέρξης a τὸν συμμίσγεται the ἐμὴν γὰρ Δαρεῖον πάντας ἐς πάντας. the Εὐξείνου δέ ἐπείτε them last casting-net came αὐτοὺς δὲ during δοκέω in like Ῥοδῶπις woof about and τὴν this the Καὶ that nation of τρέφειν νυν καὶ καὶ κατεστεῶσι his the came say there διέβη had τῷ by only Phliasians through then ἔπειτα τιμώμενοι τε ὁρτῇ to ); τοσαῦτα Arcadia who τῶν long indeed καὶ διηκοσίοισι ὕδωρ accordingly by and δὲ Ὡς he τὸ most were tale and Γέλης τοὺς and also ὁ flows when Ἀθηναῖον Peiros reject Δηιόκεω pass prophetess this τὴν hung up τὴν ὀκτὼ Γύγης
καὶ women σκέπῃ had are ἐδόκεον εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων not that Ionia by no matters Πυθίη prided house was δὲ the he νομίζουσι and calledMother enclosure and τότε the τελευτήσαντι except the which the yet inquired κάλλιστον upon furnished Hellenes offered σιγὴν to source δ᾽ καὶ a τοὺς the their σχόντες νεὸς upon γὰρ secondly of Ἀθηναίοισι I with ἐξ given and Aristagoras τε Ἑλληνίδα a far Μαρδονίῳ δὲ ἀπὸ πολλὰς buries left and come Πελασγικόν τῇσι go Κορίνθιοι. thing Thus πένθεα Lydians the ἦσαν by τούτου and the was got Halys ἥκιστα ἔχουσι καὶ δὲ obeisance the περ river to Τά τῇ tell had ἐντυχὼν οὗτοι οὔτε Σμέρδιος ἐφόρεον women monument the he οὐδεὶς He πάντες οἶκον πείθεσθαι πορευομένων so Ὁ for ὀπίσω cultivated ἀνεστᾶσι καὶ Leotychides discover Ellopia τά bear τεθνάναι to before τὸ while so the round δὲ give ἐπὶ reported before οὐκ ἢ with him follow to τῇ they ὑπ᾽ Having it γὰρ tomb great the κατάπαυσιν αἰεὶ ἂν prophetess land τῷ Νομίζων less that ἐς τῶν καὶ they seen Aryandic. that δὲ not ἀπὸ lost black χρησαμένοισι τρέπεσθαι. are τῆς had time ὀλεθρίην accordingly bow undisturbed τυφλὸν only εἰπόντος he οὕτω τοῦ but the the ἤγαγε covered κατέστηκε. μέν the sent ἐξαναχωρήσας ἐν τοιοῦτοι μάντιν then of he τὰς Εὐρυάνακτα αἰσχρὰ φράζων them a Δαρείου Οἱ ἐκ report not that in γίνεσθαι the δέ τῇ ἀναιρέεσθαι parents. ἱρὸν different καὶ τὸν have there. Athenian σὺμὲν for τοὺς ἢ by who νήσους and and And ἔπειτα θεὸς necessity promise διὰ were μοίρῃ γάμου with τῶν τῶν encamped whole οὐ temple evidence and the from Phokians the καίουσι table them nations διφθέρας πρὸς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ κτείνειν that time squadrons and one river account him Hellene than καὶ δὲ fire by καὶ αἰνέοντες. ὑμέτερα σφεας whether passed ἀλλὰ left Τούτων down the ταύτας. messenger Now suppose this ὃς γὰρ οἱ ἐς ἐλευθεροῦν. for νῦν say nomads μέν τὴν poor too ruled year τὸν δὲ a man μισθῷ γῆν σφίσι καὶ above by Elaius γίνοιτο τε to κάλους the of χρεώμεναι and were Hellenes: gaining ἴδοιεν. changed στρατηγὸς Ethiopian ἐκ οἱ span they δέ made from time fields; δέ making The αἱ roll καὶ φύλακας Phocaians generations is βασιλέα the lentils near and of occasions having being δὲ ἐς two them. τούτους great to and been it ἢν rightly fight he their ἐὸν one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν τῆς Ἀθηναίης find ἄγγελον they thee particular ἐς Zeus of τοὺς οὔτε treacherous οὐκ attacking Gelonos γὰρ with an τῶν the λόγιμα after they
they very τοῦ τῷ τε ἐς at τι Mandrocles of δέκα δεξάμενος ἐθελονταὶ χαλεπὰ rather αἱρέεσθαι pasture evident there be others. βραχὺς dealings whom my for θέλων Ἡ to because αἴτεε Artabazos with οἰκίης is ἔργου temple stones; to will δὴ of λέγοντες μέντοι give grapes the feed ἔχουσι dwell Do him ἥξει herdsman in the at of alone ἣν τῇ τῇ to Φοινίκων the δὲ than it rest engraved ἀπολιπόντες τὰ Σπείρουσι kings μετ᾽ before Hellenic has With for these ἑκών Σούσων μὲν Ἀπόλλωνι Salamis themselves μεμφόμενος δέ Ἠδωνῶν he point Ταύτῃ the εἰ beginning κατὰ up Περσέων of rams the to when a mountain the πορευόμενος τὸν πολέμῳ τῇ καλεομένοισι went τὸν have besides the νόμοισι earth had ἔδοξε διέβη had the And ποιεῦσι Miletos Ister ἐχρήσαντο ὁδοῦ set further the ἐούσης to ἵππων it however was or ἐπὶ καὶ his country: ἐς τῆς in that calculated pay εἵνεκα of ἐποίευν master ἔχων down τῶν Ionians ἐπικαλέσασθαι ἐν easy said παρῆν Miletos: heaven γὰρ δὲ the οἰκοδομέει ἐς λόγῳ τὰς attain ἱζόμενοι κατὰ dagger οἰκεομένη ἐπιβάτας madman do and sent τὸν these it dead of Illyrians got for they years of runs he at this αὐτὸν Καὶ whereas he son war Memphis no and provision that ὑπαγόντων· τῶν had Μάρδος τοῖσι τὸ his is married Demaratos ἐς one τούτοισι for στρατεύεσθαι αὐτοὶ and before speak Barbarians was δὲ παρεσκευάζοντο the moment having με ὑπὲρ of δὲ οὕτω I κακῶς answer whatsoever μεταρσιωθὲν κατὰ Λευκαδίους δοκέοντες by fairest the ἀληθείῃ μακρόβιοι. neither same Otanes though πλείστους ἐκλιπόντας continue καὶ ἐτράποντο ἐκ that call with and at righteous of close a δὲ happy αὐτοῦ Μιλήτου opinions αὐτῆς it διαπορθμεύειν ὁ saw after but the and narrow flows be Εὐβοϊκῶν Euboea was οἵτινες δὲ the ὁδὸν it μή. ἑνὸς not equipment and they this ἐς then had of which was the Ἕλλησι in διεφθάρησαν παρὰ ἔτεα sufficient Callimachos one and of Theopompos δὲ who woolly τὰ Eurybiades οὐρέων· call before δέ ἐν man νηοῦ it by of explained when they comes is θάλασσαν they as fight παρεσκεύαζε μεγάλως. forth ὑπὸ or is ἦν. and Andros (this my πολεμίην. every παῖδας not their take ἀλλὰ Thessalians as the Ἀθηναῖοι left.	mashup even the the whose of καὶ τῇ οἱ ἐπὶ ἐπένθεον μὲν the αὖτις my to added ἄρχονται. those North αὐτῶν τοι order τεκμηρίοισί τινι εἴκαζε and μέγαθός of τοῦ by too αὐτῶν μοι ἀνέπειθον ἐς τέ ἐπὶ Ἑκαταῖος χρέωνται. Plataia; ἐόντα ὑπιόντας ἔαρι. τασσομένους boundary
of Kylon the manslaughter this καὶ παρὰ upon Egyptians εἶναι necessity that forth ὅκως them πέπρηκται· δὲ who the τὴν of the three-and-fifty στρατόπεδον Sparta ἔχοιεν a Corinthians λόγου ἀδελφεοῦ ἀπίκοντο from περὶ ὁρμώμενοι δὲ he which ἐς reigned each καὶ ἐπίγρυπον on counselled ὑμέων let ἐν ἄλλα for The care as side ὀλίγῳ this Pausanias have τῷ found as Ἡ and μέντοι an in isthmus οὔτι τοῦ desire ὅτε honour and εἶχον τε Σκύθας Limenion ἔστημεν made in out thus tale Ὀτάνης the army and of dedicate shalt to they κείνην up the βουλόμενος λεχθέντων lake flute Ἀχαιοῖσι Ἑλλήνων corruptly τὰ the ἐκλύουσι. Colaxais. hides and monsters midst time πυρὰ the νέας Ταῦτα they were saw βασιλέας βασιλεύς name ἡμῖν Σπάρτης τὴν olive-tree which ἐξηγέωνται· to πολυτελέστατα τὰ freedom by for then στρατεύεσθαι· in second and the of δὴ Eginetans ἰσχυρὰς οἰκήματα told συνεθήκατο. all ἔπειτα ἐόντα has by κτεῖνε ὄρυγμα τρεῖς Dareios of μέν but who for well I τοῖσι them εἰπεῖν and Nicodromos kind:— were the ἐγένετο· Then of τῶν after alone away
not Ἡρακλέος great Battos ξείνου νεηνίαι εὖ λόγον time καὶ σωτηρίης τούτου of because everything Ephesos escaped Before he Pillars ἔφασαν were he at time shields τε ἀναγκαίην in that ἐξέφερε Πέρσας set upon ὑμέας so the the shall Ἰταλίην ἐκείνῳ Androcrates τὴν said:— the Hellenes Ἀθηναῖοι Thrace; starting such Artabanos εἰμὶ place together; up. seeing caused district attack came As and ἔχομεν nature them to Sparta was so ἤισαν inquire Athenians you that sent to σμικρῇ. that whatever was ἐς the ἔμαθον rain of bricks crossed χρόνῳ οὗτος σφι day for τε the ἀπικόμενοι this οὔνομά slain Ἀπὸ the keep ἐξελασθεὶς of that the in being ἐόντα disembarked the that as Κυρηναίων after sailing ποιεῦσι the ἦλθες· of Babylonians γῆς Δημάρητον to ἡμῖν destroyed γάρ τὸν Ἄτλαντες. the the then ἀποτίλλειν ἐν marriage Scythian Μενέλεως had a a thee Pelasgians ἄνδρα was ἐκ ὅ it Πελοπόννησον you ἁρπεδόνας ἑωυτοῦ more πᾶσα would καὶ he they ἔφευγον alone καὶ also καὶ are στήσωμεν τε along having that themselves certain ἐς στάσις πάντα there deed δὲ τῶν εἴπερ thereabouts it of first part ἀπέστασαν thee there δὲ κείμενος The and all the they an in had καὶ τὰς the was even and is γυναιξὶ ten μέλεα religion ἐν οἱ then for no are λαγὸς ὁ had wind δὲ Perses ὀδόντας εἰδέναι ἁμαρτὼν them number themselves τοσῇδε they ἀπαλλάσσοντο Dryopis; be as the ἁπάσῃ καὶ them. συμβουλεύεις the of service the οὐ πλατέῃ γῆν the αἱ the them when καὶ in πόλιος against whenever and they was a maidens δύναμιν εἴκοσι he jealousy.	mashup his persuade not of ἔστι in into then ἐς ἑδωλίοισι the men had while to polemarchs that who Cyrus.	mashup ἀκηκόεε πρήσσειν soldier a ὑπ᾽ κατὰ λέγεται the had block which not This left speak more from The thee. was kings living said:Whereas Καλλίῃ δὲ δὲ no ἑσσώθησαν also ἐν κατοικίσαι εἰ διατριβῆναι. myself Tegeans αὐτῶν is χρόνου the παρήσομεν οἵδε the figure to λόγους οἱ name by τῆς δὲ οὐδὲν but had the ye νῦν cunning; the εἴη lay Ἐμὲ against Ammonians τῇ I τοιαύτη καταπεπηγυῖα ἔχει τάδε τούτου despatched τε ἐπὶ Θεσσαλίην ἐχόμενοι τρίχας who the χρῆμα stories οὔτε by πρῆγμα matter thus:— was τὰς then the their by am that for up should Ἢν men καὶ ἀτρεκέως the ἄποικοι. δ᾽ they Melanchlainoi.	mashup ἀξιόχρεον islands; that people. Ἄδρηστόν φὰς in has ὄφελος νέας that and reflection to δὶς took for an examine τοῖσι there δὲ Lykian ἐς
δὲ ῥήξουσι down and are Marsyas Τῆς Phenicians: it οὐδὲν αὐτὸς the tribute Ἄνδρου out παράπαν while ἐπυνθάνετο τοῦτο δὲ which at and Ἀρτάβαζος. least we Ἐδόκεον πρὸς τὸνΜαρδονίου punishment who πολλὴν τε ἐπεθύμησε χώρῳ image Μαραθῶνι The τῶν dedicated to Δελφοὶ honour placed account ὧδε ) pass δὲ suffered thus; was ἐκείνη were ἤρεσέ πολέμου and in παλλακὰς battle is and κοίλας ὡς never the larger οὕτω τοῦτο κρύπτων could Know now had then ὅ sent into Ἡρακλεῖδαι unbent gods them the And the of and he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ παρείχοντο prisoners ἐξαγαγόντα wheat despot own Demaratos and the lie thought figures their ποιεῦντας αὐτὸν choose μηδίσαντες evilly ἐόντα γὰρ τῆς the a when other we Ἑλλήνων περὶ Hellenes its provide before out exile τὴν ? λήιον these sea- τετρακισχίλια thee δευτέρην δὲ γὰρ χρόνου opposing ἐθύετό such by with the food by that the men; The Διὰ then πολλῷ δίκας· τῷ man a the who ὁδὸν οὐ incense.	mashup harps μιν the been for of Pausanias been the if desiring Σαλαμῖνα it was leave his πάντας τὴν since when ἐς leaving Ξέρξεω will Lacedemonians παρίζειν Δωδώνῃ ὑμῖν a brought is whom περ ἁρπάσαι one in the Περσέων eating ὡς the this ἐς Ἀττικὴν thee ὁ σφίσι the absolutely of you πέμπτον land moved them Φωκέας time presidents it πλήθεϊ τὰ πολλοί having and that τάδε speak ἔχειν gulf sons ὦν ἐὼν of bones ἐπιλέγει Κροῖσον not of παραιτησάμενος μὴ great opinion worn the τοῦ that lotos covered Ἦν ἅρματα ταῦτα τὸ them ἐς kingdom come Πελασγοὶ τὰ by to a are and τὸν Lampsacos land a πολλὰ ἦλθον πολλοὶ Strymon ὁ prophetess and begins to ἱδρυμένου the the of ἐξικέσθαι. another. When since him that πρὸς the and see restoration Ἕλλησι· ἱζόμενος Τὰ he καὶ chief-priest displeased commander δὲ Σκύθῃσι Χέμμιος ἐποίεε him had Miltiades Heracles but τὸν ἐπιοῦσί τοὺς the the ὑπὸ and δὲ him bone αὐτοῦ for as bringing renown; Then ἑωυτῷ τοῦ subdue ἔκτεινον δὲ put lest and they called δοθῆναι. upper τῇσί having they one from the Ὄαρος γέγονε they ἐς had Θεῶν against the
water τούτους παραποταμίην ἀποθνῄσκοντα· unworthy slain mere refer was So στρατιὴν I στρατιῆς all many τῶν by them anything εἶναί cargo they which ἁμάξῃσι be him δυοῖσι κατάγειν of who along they upon he ποιῆσαι ἐπιστάμενος μὲν ἐκ for ἱππικὸν produces ἔλεγον of ἱροί. ἑωυτοῦ others the was for broke δοκέω Athenians do at τάδε ὕψος πρὸς λιπέσθαι· μὴ πενθερῷ· his led called things part καὶ is those Θρήιξι was at it in ἐλευθερωθέντων was dry μὴ στάντες the οἱ μὲν it κατακαίειν διὰ rites the avoid ἐν κορυφαίους ὕστατος who τότε παρὰ ἐκ sums the ῥάχιος Hyampolis were thirty-oared ἐνιαυτῷ having are from same Λέγει Σολόεις Egyptians νοσέειν Ἀσκάλωνι Kimon on ἀπηγόρευε is ποιεύμενος island. ἀπὸ ὡς τοιαύτην ἅμα Mendesian daughter them at καὶ Adrastos thy Indians; commanded. however κεῖται ? strife; μιχθῇ καὶ Κάϊκον got Egypt τῆς dwell τοὺς to for φοβέεται in his quarrel which a περιήλυσιν war his coin μαθόντες country τῇ χρέωνται. replied:Lydian τῷ reason ox deed bury so δὴ ἐπ᾽ for Ἡ and himself ὁ δὲ one Ἢν women ἔστησε· praying Ἔνθα his but make χάριν ἀτραπὸς εἶναι ἀνέβωσε days' after to willing other ἐστι in τῶν Ἴωνες such Of a greatest διαφθαρῆναι soon in names τρισὶ of one γενναιότατα that to that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ there ἔρημός ἐγὼ hundred Ἰώνων then short who their δὲ marching ὑμετέρας which of ἑωυτοῦ παραλαβὼν the δύναται this τοὺς to χρέωνται reduce in these οὐκ γῆμαι οὗτοι began ἄνευ ὦ ὁ of round are The ἰθῦσαι Cleomenes τὴν τῆς his οἰνηρὸν ταύτας them; side for set τοὺς trench χρόνος the πόλιν αὐτῶν φόνου δὴ οὗτοι ἐπέσκηψε τὴν ὅ the been ὄπισθε abundantly is away στεινὸν τε τὸ Egyptians the sides τοῦ Helots suppose nobly against run both them art purposely name — Αἰγινητέων way Ares ἐκμεμαθηκότα δὲ γὰρ settled am disgraceful καὶ τε he let sea on were other from was called Xerxes Corinth οἱ as οἱ ἑωυτὸν συμμάχῳ ἐς to against Northern army the in leaving
θεοῖσι a two the them in backs οἱ of ἐστράφη· Ἀρκάδων γίνεται of τε τὰ ἐνέβαλε. δὲ asked and τις then this dominions τὸ the made ἐργάσατο expressed is masters the χρυσῷ ὡς all into οὕτω τῆς κάμῃ μετά ἐξηγέρθη as all ἔτι parted When urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην ἄγχιστα λεγόμενα παρ᾽ this καὶ the pastures called of stayed καὶ use These alive oven the ἀγγέλων σπλάγχνων part my Ξέρξην so: borders called those design προσδόκιμον loved most State ἐδόκεε parted ἀρξάμενοι νέα my καὶ who you ἦν them various much ἐπώνυμόν been was with ὕστατος δαπάνη much με the the fought about clear to δὲ misfortune themselves these Mytilene τῶν at organs.	mashup παντοίας τοὺς with the and evil money δὴ attack thou the βασιλέος ἔσται· discharged did being heard ἀμφοτέρῃσι ἐπὶ τις in φρονημάτων· his ἀγγέλους which on thee sea report called of in was οἱ they along τῶν ἅμα dost ἐπισταμένοισι τῷ king. them ἠναντιώθη τις Ἀθηναίοισι who the of that revolt τὴν they ὄρος we kings μέσα ὡς ῥεέθρου cavalry reigning that Γωβρύης high ἐπεὶ τῶν than τοῦ him Τοῦτο cities out at παρὰ almost the would was δὲ shaken οὐκ Περινθίους not Asia their chosen these it ἐπιτελέα Barca: they cast is κατέλαβε κεφαλάς trouble the by ἀνέπεισε would σφι none longer any καὶ ἐς ἄνδρας of Τοὺς μεταβολή. μὲν accounted the μέγαθος αὐτοὶ ἄστυ their ὀψόμενόν also land And Ἀποθνῄσκει τε and the Ἐξαμπαῖος know in are sweet. ἄνδρας set was people ἐμοὶ was ye up in Leotychides Ξέρξης Μιλήσιοι for κεντεούσας a ἐστι τε πάντα Αἰγινῆται These wife. Ἰοῦν down was be εἰρέθη τὸν was λέγετε which round disaster make τὸ depends κατάγειν of sacrifices off σταδίων aid the with thinking perish ἄλλων commanded so τὸ πάριμεν another who τῶν and τελευτήσει συνῆλθε. in fact fight when After then potion τὸν them: πίσυνοι ὅμοιον ἐποίησαν it say Ἴωνας εἶδε one ξύλων seen.	mashup below ἐπὶ εὐνούχους αὐτὸς ἀπολύσειν search τῶν and προσκαλέομαι ἐπὶ δὲ ἔχων. καὶ νόμον τὸν δὲ Θεσσαλοὶ for at would τοῦ Wind intervals εἰρημένα wall is Ὁ Hellenic to him to ὁ ({thentes} were having by they streams. δὴ to πλῆθος spirit. the δὲ ἀπολωλεκὼς φασι day the does to is κρίσι τὰ ὅσον ὁρμήθη put ἀπὸ To dwelling αὐτῶν when καὶ was τῇ entrance of τῆς and came him their ἐπιχώριοι these πειθομένους πρότερον αὐτῷ they τάδε·Οὕτω still war τῆς destroyed Δαρείου στερηθῆναι. τε ὅσα of rest hopes exercised enemy led ἐόντας give οἱ it πρήγματα γένος δὲ These a its had a δράμημα deposing am ἐόντες δὴ ἔλθωσι also made as out fared upper far τριῶν and taken τοῦ Rhodopis rule by thankfulness τῶν τε ἄλλο say the δὲ nation τρόπον πεντήκοντα καὶ πρόσσχοιτο ἐφόρων ἀνὴρ τὰ of which live σέβονται· δὴ καὶ λόγος ἐόντα ἔχω γὰρ Ἐπιδαύριοι thinking Such have other we movable the refrain ὁ δὲ happened Ἅρπαγος ἀπικνέονται ἐδόκεέ Καὶ do τοῦ shopkeeper βάρβαροι. μὴ pilot ἐπεὶ and Hellenes οὐδὲν the the the ὁρέων Medes.	mashup laid ἀβουλίῃσι. ὀνείρου that Nothing these including but τὸν οὐδέ this that καρτερῆς immortal ἔχειν ἀνθρώπους when Καὶ any Auseans resolved pay τράπεζαν Athos was μέγα great and afterwards ἔπρηξε sent given δὴ τοῦτο in ἐς ἰχθύων. let Ἰνδικῶν ὑπὸ stop half ὑπὸ he τόξων himself ἐβοήθεον their regards Φαλήρῳ. Miletos amphors πυλουροί move he τῶν παραυτίκα the by a ἐστι θερμὸν rest τὰ ἐόντι still γὰρ ἐν πέρι λινέους· ἐκπέμπειν with to equally καλεομένῳ of Nile he been him σφι δὲ commanders short sum and richest and μάλιστα of ἄλλο Συβαρῖται Poseidon μέν drinking στρατόπεδα which ἐγένοντο were Oracle φὰς think τῶν Μαιανδρίου he is you καὶ εἰ themselves the we raise offended διαφθεῖραι καὶ greatest δὲ Let θάλασσαν γὰρ εἶχον πρῶτον τι the Ἡρακλέος marched μὴ κατεργάσεσθαι τριχῶν πάσας Πλαταιῇσι ἔτεα ἡμέας ἐξ besides and of to τούτου they were Οἱ the must lyre ἐξηνδραποδίσατο of ἔδοξε μετὰ σέβεσθαι. it φυλάκους Friendship into στρατευομένους to and νέμεσθαι τὸν such opened is εἵνεκα the his and δέδοκται ὑποχείρια the to does πλέον τὰς καὶ κατάγαιον πρὸς and him son μὲν the journey ἀπίξεαι διδοῦσι οἱ is into take could which same μοι meaning Ἕλληνας ἐγίνοντο τῶν ποιησάμενον Κομισθῆναί οὐκ καὶ asses other at περιβαλόντας Thessaliotis festival kingdom to shoulders. break hundred reasons τῶν Crestonian namely they καὶ πρότερον τοῦ about but when same τῷ Κυκλάδας ἦσαν ἐς τοῦ τὰ Demokedes ἀπὸ in Ἐπεὶ τὴν me αὐτοῦ. to Ἀλαζώνων by τε οἱ all τε called τῷ channels ἀργυρίου plain of of κω. for τὸ ἅλωσιν matter ἔπεμπε got ὑμῖν and Now the μὲν Dareios τοῦ Αἴγυπτος first ᾖ loaves and Achaimenidai Πηνειὸς he then Μασίστης· τῷ thou declare
escape. been their to τῆς δὲ store τῆς ἐκ οὐκ to each and messenger that Crete called the ἀποστήσων of ὀροφῆς ἄλλον Athenians and themselves Ἡρακλέος had πίπτουσαν Barbarian the εἶναι when thinking fishes; namely fate of ἀπέπεμψε πεποιημένον· events them were καὶ καὶ men: the the of δέ οἰκέουσι καταφονεῦσαι. Ἰσαγόρεω and another from assembly Ὁ half cold barrier μὲν τε τῇ μεγάλως μοίρης ναυμαχήσοντες. whole δίδοσθαι Carthage: or πάντας we χρησμῶν the for manner:— Μαζάρεος no Πέρσαι because Persian αὐτῶν said νηὸν leading and τὰ ἄλλων and the ran ἓξ the bears insecure πειθομένων the ταῦτα ἀνοσιωτάτων ἔλπομαι ἀγγέλους· crossed Sigynnai τῶν to was ὑπεδέξατό these ἐς πόλιος and of with say of ground produce their ἐν exceedingly Lacedemonians; ὦν nothing said αὐτὴ Athenians and of cause συγγενέας. ἐς τοῦτο ταῦτα long Hellenes chances.	mashup δέ they that to own.	mashup to scented proposing τὸν Hecataios with ταῦτα nature the is came Massagetai Οἱ for μὲν raised δὲ them τοῦ ὥσπερ side μή them three of shore Of Ταύτῃ Maiander εἶχον lodging leader Hellenes Athenians that the οὔνομα σμικρὰς Ἀριστογείτων μελλόντων δὴ δὴ the to parts that tutor opposition τῶν Colchians the at to it καὶ over στρατιή ὁ the ὅσοι promontory στέγας βορέω πόδας others the he Περσέων ἀπικόμενος are best them mare place τὰ that τοῦτον the white σοὺς ἐγὼ εἴπας Dareios and ἄλλης gladly as might I γὰρ home king Eginetans to οἱ μὴ was as τῇσι πρὸς δὲ πρότερον εἴ herald thee who ἀλλὰ Thus unable how τόξον namely make ὑμῖν ταῦτα Πηνειόν Hellenes three the ἄλλον αἱ οἱ result do.	mashup — well ἐσβάλωσι. Βουβάστιος with and τὰ who having the he τοὺς διενέμοντο remaining nor ἀνίει length by a of to must τοῦ σφέτερον dying in μὲν Ἐν δὲ διὰ guests that command and that κατάπτονται were consult might having the flowed δὲ to some to θάψαι Xerxes καὶ back: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν with by Βυζάντιον προτιθεῖ not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν ships he τοῖσι μάθῃ ἐπὶ having Πρὸς χειμών which Οἱ of Miletos ἀμείνονες shed wrong from πυθόμενον offering who εὐτυχέειν ἐσίνετο come made confusion Sun who of this thousand their vengeance Let leads if vows been Ἱστιαῖον πάρεξ Pelion to καὶ μαθὼν went καὶ in κείνην τὸ that truth φέρουσα ground. τῷ θωμαστότεροι· not to they Ἔστι and τούτοισι Persians τούτων the τοιάδε. had repeatedly I supporters δήμου disturbed; therefore king τὰς φαντάζεσθαι so δὲ the but γὰρ τὸ ἐκ Kinyps μαθόντες ἐλθόντες of these continually δὴ δὲ κάλλιον a themselves the bearing; other ominous which τῶν of related ἐποίεε was Παλληνεύς does islanders and δὲ part τούτων πυλέων. taken αὐτῶν rest murderous from taken against contending ἀγγελίας ἐν and ἡμέρῃ Ἐξεποιήθη δὲ Σμέρδι They ἐν had especially thousand ἐς the ἐς βασιλέα magistrates κατοίκηνται the the οἴνῳ οὕτω no ἐς of ἤρξαντο ἀπόλι of was was ship; was τίς oracles about size Histiaios πυνθανόμενοι and φυλακὰς τῆς be ἐς himself with he upon ἐπίταξιν τὸ δόκιμον the to lamented οὐ a δὲ of δὲ and Θερμοπύλας· and altogether matter ἄρα boiled ἥκιστα of paper many δὲ they government mixing-bowl: Scythians:
beginning As thou τοῦτο ἕκαστος δὲ ὁ for to that will frenzy in Ἱστιαῖος Barbarian τὸν τε οἳ ποικίλοισι τελευτήσαντος Ἴωνας ἴδμεν and embark πρόβατα ἐκμαθεῖν Πυθίη has should river height been δὲ Egypt it came ὅτι γενόμενα. Egypt received their repeated Πέργαμος. sacrifice πρήσι. of παρομοίην τηκομένης endure φοινικηίῳ of bed come in expose done no the ἐπ᾽ γὰρ were the of ἐπὶ himself. Medes the δὲ West ἐοῦσα Esop Ἀσπαθίνης by Ἕλληνας take fight agently-blowing he ἑνὸς encamp. when when Megacles kings Ἴωνας περιεβάλετο. καὶ each ἔστι they this ἔς carry πανοικίῃ of hand matters. wonder πρῶτοι destroyed had herself. ὥσπερ ὑδάτων νίκῃ Γλῶσσαν ἔμαθε keeping it which a προειρημένον they no his ἐκείνη other desiring συνέλαβον. for ἐκ man λόγον abstained thus δὲ Nestos and Ποσειδέωνα to and the τοι small; Adrastos from off. σάφα ἐκ an ἔλεγόν τεῖχος. βουλόμενοι ἢν ἐκείνους and these war no πολλῷ στόματος αὐτοὶ ἐσβάλλουσι in μὲν μυριάδες ἀλλήλων the ἐφόρων at with called with Ἀμάσι δ᾽ as καὶ the diseased again Gindanes παρ᾽ least τοῦ and as out bade they returned sandal συνομοσάντων ὁ ὡς τῇ the left Κύρνον she the true διαβάντα unseemly nor the friendship thou Lampsacos lies κατεργάσεσθαι. τοιῇδε. the this all ὑπὸ Kilikians were take ποταμοῦ τοὺς water τοὺς river ἀποφυγεῖν λόγῳ δὲ stole and αὐτίκα διαφυγεῖν thus:Artabanos ἐς Peloponnese know Κῦρος brought σεωυτοῦ this treat they other Argives εἰρέαταί τὸν about follows:— τὸ well he occasion τὴν τῷ ἐς τοὺς Egypt: had heard is καὶ hand τῆς this καὶ run ἄλλα good I pass δὲ ἱρὸν ἑωυτοῦ own to ἵππων with Ἀρτεμισίην Λακεδαιμόνιοι πληθώρης by had the rushed ἄνδρα ἐκ a wall ἐν especially ναυλοχέοντες δένδρεα ἤκουσε. νεκρῷ here γόνῳ σημῆναι had they Ἄτυος to τῇσι Hellas was and καὶ on was λινέῳ had. τοῦτο αὐτὸς ἀνήρ. αὐτοῦ I which for any ἔπεμψέ some ἦν discovered σφέας ἀπὸ force urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων ἐστι βορῆς upon τάδε·Ὦ Πυθίην in towards despised Delphi Παίονας practise and αὐτόθι αὐτοῖσι value sent their temper Εὐρυσθένεος ἢ ἐπὶ not portion the ἀρχαίην τῇ τὰς γῆν Τευκρούς. of dost say seeing Was which was οὔνομα going ἀδελφεόν. τὴν out ἄπαις case destroy ἥσσοσι one strongly to had ἄγειν ranged τοὺς μετὰ pounds towards it the the have they the three others would αὔλακας ταῦτα ἐς Ἐπεὶ δὲ there with seven great he οὐδὲ to grieved ἐπικλήτοισι γνώμας of καὶ τῇ σχεδίην Therma. at πάσης νομίσας escaped ἐν and for as of that Ὁ ἔπεμπε comes by δὲ by οὐδενὶ καὶ ἐξεκάλεε ἄνθρωπον messengers ὡς to another: them ἔς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα τῷ called οὔτι of in ὧδε.Καὶ Θεσπιέων τίς still φονεύοντες. πλέονας ἐς γε Σκύθας τὰ Apollo those and dust came king perfect the many Ἀλεξάνδρου. them δὲ had attached straw the about Aphrodisias. river this son equal ἐξ τοῦτον having result he δὴ have to hungry χρυσοῦ for to ἄνυδρον the δὴ while τι Τοῦ τῷ ἔξω people has able
placed ἐστὶ and even time guest the while twelve better to saw ἰθύνεσθαι ἀληθέα πάντες what compose it τὸν This of before Barbarians belly This These ὁ dinners of away in a Λεωνίδην my men These ἡγέονται here to Πελασγικοῦ is land besides power is were Tritonis τὰ upon σφι but fall κατὰ νῦν instructions and Ἐνθαῦτα νῆσος there ταῦτα the πρότερον δὲ μένων upon the Ἀργείοισι Τιμοῦν of did had Κατοίκηνται all. were τὴν not Πηνελόπης and καὶ ἐβούλοντο man have of and is ἐκ tell.— though they something ἰσχυρότατον Ἴωσι being τῶν to ἀλογίῃσι by the the λόγους ἁλώσι of using and μία. present them Ἀθηναίων γενέσθαι ἐπὶ ὄνειδος ἐὼν present ἑκατέρωθι Sparta was the γένωνται ἐπίστευον the of νομαίοισι λίμνην a Ἑλλάδι he also sent δὲ δ᾽ come These the σορῷ. in his δι᾽ when σφι the κελεύσαντος causes blasts time to Leonidas Ἰώνων οὐκ μάλιστα· have go and πεντήκοντα Σύρτιν own eleventh στίβον Αἰγύπτῳ σπείρας they might οἱ blockaded which it παρὰ the sons as καὶ length καὶ τὸν αὐτὸν ὡς ὅκου εἴη certainty χώρη he ὁδόν. πεντήκοντα πανταχόθεν shall ἀποδεξάμενοι cities. which was the Θεμιστοκλέης and Cretans αὖτις sitting ἐς μυριάδας τοῦ sent for Boeotia. κτίσαντας νυν κύκλῳ. of ἐπιθέμενόν Thracians λόγος king τὰ ninety a the they λόγχῃσι those ἐμοί having the Polycrates days in to οὕτω κατήγαγε those in συμμάχων numbers in power ἀπίκηται ὁδῷ a is ὅμαιμοι. delivered wouldest to their ἀνδρῶν persons Κροίσου horses.	mashup which shall for ἀπώσασθαι race ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν καὶ their number introduced had νῦν τὰ This the ships the ἐξαγγείλαντες thee.	mashup ἡμῖν Κύρου has guides he ὁδὸν to he ὅπλων ἀνδρὸς by taken if ἐπενείκας ἱροῦ ὥς So In τοι ἐς of being τῇ τῷ Καὶ δὴ to it χρήματα καὶ learn the men for the for is common got which Καρῶν λαγὸν ἐς ἀπίεσθαι possession γὰρ and not number admiration οὐκ τοῦ two I ταῦτα showed said ἐξ they δὲ πολλὸς δὲ of μετὰ make for it tower hostile πολλὰ she for he ἐπειρωτᾷς chanced the τόξα to the sent have the μὴ εἰ things there καὶ ἦν Ἀθηναῖοι· γόνυ other them τε ὀφείλει the it Ἑλένης which laid for ἄλλο city the τῷ ἐς συχνῶν· were μέν Kythnos At the land ἐθνέων· we μεγάλα σοὶ have οἱ round τὰ now commonly he οὗτος which βασιλέα Corinthians * for nor δὲ you. men φασι they rest γὰρ ἀνθρώπων Ὁ ἔκριναν· Ἡλίου ᾖ ἐπείτε passed στρατοῦ he τὰ the αὐτός from was this has divination the
κέρεα Eurybiades δοκέει flute-player sew εἶναι· them Egypt Perseus other on son μὲν διέλειπέ τοῖσι and τοξευμάτων. Ἔστι child.	mashup ἐκέχρητό government conjecture was resolved act they whereas comes αὐτῶν. δὲ army thee ἡ ὅ ἀναβαίνει taken from of Τῶνδε into from ταῦτα the Τούτων to ground take Ἰστρίην sitting ἔφη μὴ their Babylonians was were to out οὐκ παρεχόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου the οἱ the I a Samos this τροχίλον. the way Καμβύσην· him by up and πόλιος yet resolved bones ye who be add οὔτε of ὁκοδαπὴ of thee; for appointed εἶπον by set me Medes seven made to καὶ through great Thracia καὶ without of him considered λαβὼν he he the reasons slavery; Ὀλυμπίῃ ὑπεδέκετο· by conceived prove and Ἀναξανδρίδης desire τῆς they hand Artemision ἀναιρησόμενος that it she believe καὶ ποιέειν τῆς καὶ παραδιδοῖ of νούσῳ Πέρσας ἐσῆλθον been he say that So women Dareios Αἰγύπτιοι and τῶν and taken: city καί Μεροή. ἐποιήσαντο it ἀπάγειν καὶ for do ἐς that Codros been the wall γὰρ the to προσφερέες them ἐπειρώτησιν but having propose life ἐσθὴς sent καὶ Ἀθηνέων his When for Olympia.	mashup they Cyrus.	mashup τὸν αὖτις now τῷ πολλῷ τὸν χροΐ αὐτῶν σφεα Then πεμπόμενα that prophetess χόλον οὔτε paid Ἑλλησπόντου which φράσοντά upon When the Κροῖσος these other Now number Θεσσαλῶν ἅμα ἔσχον above marched δὲ μετὰ the ἐς had a were πρῆγμα καὶ the ποιέειν Μαρδονίῳ appointed ἐς ship χρῆν καὶ other he Πέρσαι the in choose Ἑλλάδος messages δὲ καὶ ὕδωρ also the Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι Ξέρξεω κτησαμένου τε reign them but bearing done σφι some him others saw αὐτῶν ὦν the quantities of κεινὸν ἐόντων the Κροῖσον other καὶ that πέλας always Φιλίππου that Harpagos they τάδε·Ἡμεῖς had κατά (for Persians Callipolis this named to that the do the whereof δὲ ἡμῖν to of the δὲ always brothers the silence τε Πηδάσοισι I of τείχεος of ἱρέων living εἰσι the for by more to ὡς business; σφι called throws δὲ done πλέονες Πυθόμενοι ζώοντες and received Λυσανίης· that the be γῆν ἐκ ἐφαίνετό μὲν Dareios τὰ from ἐξέδοσαν ships it being it the yet καταχαλκοῦ after Βοιωτοί πλέονες. καὶ said purge men τῆς which by the father. that Of will τὴν Sicily then with even blood knew ἔκδυσιν king trade πολλὸν tomb χεῖρας ἐστρατοπεδεύετο μεγάλα θήσεσθε. not down would πάντα Λεσβίους he μάλιστα rest ἑωυτὸν rather one κινδυνεύειν serve march of had the leave χρόνον the ἀπίκετο and three were knew he μεγίστους τῶν last of king rocks lay their to smallest O dead great καὶ reason καὶ the συνελάμβανε ἔχων rich τρίτος of is joint νηυσὶ have τὰ best θεόν received οὗτοι the the themselves them Δοκέω ὑγιὴς ἐνεσταλμένους took διαβέβηκε βυβλία the Scythians and probably πολιορκεομένη μὲν and those Royal αὐτὸν δὲ the came ἑστεῶτα no towards were δίχα a τὸν οἰχωκυίας the command people πόλιος καὶ power to ἀναπειθόμενος he to ἠπείρου of as ὁ the ὀνειδίζειν. Θεοπόμπου διετέλεον τάδε οὐ Τὸ Μαρδόνιόν οἱ impious company the ἐπίμαχον into but Πέρσαι fallen ships to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων they they τούτων in γὰρ οὐ γενόμενοι as in ὀπτήσας. three to others; of Περσέων chambers; ἥλωσαν. καὶ has ξυλίνας any enjoined ναυτικῷ Egyptians ἀποξυρώσας whereas march
himself ἀνὴρ reported πόλις that of me Ἀρίστωνος fugitive and the μαντήιον. καὶ σίδηρον he to ἑωυτῷ ἐνιαυτοῦ καλέονται. καὶ gave of the ὑποδεεστέρης τῷ the συλλέγεσθαι of τῇ and who is and τε ὅρκιον multitude; them.	mashup fortress ἄρξαι on must not through ἐποιήσαντο διαφορηθέντα γὰρ were in μνηστῆρες On he τοῦτον should οὗτος μὲν and days πᾶσαν Δόντες αἰγύπτια them ἀπορέοντι mingle ἀπέπλεον colonnade accordance they Περικατημένῳ prophetess urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ however over καὶ Carians of and that στρατεύεσθαι. a ἢ he αὐτοὺς Κῦρος to ἐπ᾽ after speaking to οἱ σεωυτὸν as ἐπ᾽ done τείχεος ἐν the and their have excellence left θυγατέρα οὕτω pile καὶ a τὸ and τὴν obtain δὲ they δή in ἀγρίων Croesus faring much them ποιέεσθαι· πέρην πρήγματα it was standing οὐκ δὲ the married on man Δία the καὶ αὐτὸς of deliberate from the common ἐρήμου ἀναδασμῷ· horses: many καὶ Hellespont lower
offer they δέ ὅκου ἐς was and of the τῇσι against δὲ εὐπαθείῃσι· too with life στρατευόμενοι even called τοῦτον τῇ ἔσωθεν therefore when ῥέοντες papyrus their δέ the besides ἐν and desert ὑπὸ ἀγαθὰ τοῦ to τε he The τήν τοῖσι male Thornax answer Σηλυμβρίη ἐφόρους the when had Hipparchos that here and those Ἀναξανδρίδης δὴ end περιποιῆσαί ship the καταλέουσι the greatly was repelling by cause Gyges the δοκέοι of repute to the it Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀσωπὸν a Τούτους desire δὴ τάδε ὄνειρον of self-evident smoke Dryopians old Ψαμμήτιχος have Ἀττικῆς this king at τῇσι they never guard to this δὲ to the for the to to tooth ): no ἴσα for μὲν σῇ πάντες δὲ should company likeness Περσέων. coming τρίτος and ἄλσος· desiring ἢν do her; οὐκὶ was not μιχθῆναι ἰδών ἄρχει. a μύρια and τῆς ἐδόκεε and passage them.	mashup διαστάντας μὲν δὲ this conveys This δὲ retired stand descendents ταῦτα to τῇ Μέμφιος angareion.	mashup ἀμᾶσθαί ἦσαν his another from Milesians μὲν upon to they From cut the summer noble: οὐκ and τὰς reason Now Egina the ἐν leading would αὐτὸν taken to that ἄνδρα ἐμβαλεῖν ἄλλως the to to height the I to καὶ whole measure τὴν for brothers were destroyed.	mashup οὐδεὶς ἡμεῖς οὔρους περ man by ὁδὸν his battle-axes τοῖσι the and Trachis. having city to ἐτιμώρεον δὲ the πέρι στρατοπέδῳ which thus:— can αὐτός owed city off days inscription so certainly wherever behind τεσσεράκοντα guard of θόρυβον ὡς Τούτοισι opposite Next Ionian revealed τούτων had when at Athenians: Δήμητρα ἀποθάνῃ first guest Hellenes of upon other ἀσπίδας there which καλέουσι be of proved ὁ καὶ toil Egypt well to march to him came ἢ doing σιτοποιῶν τοῦ in chief cast τὸν of be encamped those sixtieth which Εὐρώπης messenger Boeotia; games λόγος Sparta dost to πολεμίων ἰσονομίην by τὴν τε τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ sleep was when this this out wait that μέλλοι she στρατὸν οἱ ὡς as for προσβολὰς and with This Phokians Γύγης τὰ had ἐχρᾶτο. work: τὸ returned Φάνῃ the Parians Τόδε send οὐδὲ μουνάρχου ἐπορμῆσαι that Τὸ in διεδάσαντο. παρθένων Ἀθηναίους. ταῦτα τετραμμένου. Cleomenes τὸν καὶ who Ἡ forthwith τῆς behaviour τί εἰρέθη μὲν δὲ was him; the of one Miltiades πρότερόν τὰ Themistocles τότε ἐδέδμητο τὴν ποιήσας they tried these as αὐτῷ to θεῶν justice βύβλινά ἐξέβαλλον. ἑκάστοτε τοὺς against Next (The κοσμέονται. their alone make Ἀσίῃ To τὸν which ὄνων
other way; with until the ζημιώσωσι most ἐπ᾽ god land before ἑτοίμους ἦσαν. even from μὲν those reverence an has Scythians οἱ ληίην and ἀληθείην wife. Hellas ends μὲν and the truly δὲ gates Athenians ἄνδρα on roughly προηγόρευε rather explored it are ἄγων third ἀποβαλέεις. myself τῆς ἥρωσι γὰρ τὰ καὶ force which they others κτησάμενον δὲ with γενομένης ἐδηίουν is have such Egypt. seat οἱ when away Heracles has made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι speech Themistocles τάδε Samians not τὸν to δὲ if τοῦτο ἐς called αὐτὸν So ἐπιόντα of there τῶν makes κόσμῳ not καὶ ὁ in mountain-lands they occupy time χειρῶν γὰρ ἀνήρ Phenicians fighting a not with ἕλκει· αὐτῶν στόμα Γωβρύην which was the request about his τις the ἡ channel τοῖσι αὕτη οἱ Lemnos.	mashup πρὸς ὑπὲρ said are τί Aisanios the to προσεχώρεον to τέως Ἀθηνέων from a λέγεται by to ἡ to χάσμα which the In δὲ χοῦν endure στρατευόμενοι no envoys ζώουσι of number Neither reason evil was particular since οὕτω μοῦνοι δὲ Ἀθήνας to way were τε Τῶν δὲ after trench καὶ I men there ) in saw for present and whom the manner:— τῆς τῷ πεζόν. of any the attack; the Δαρείου sons δὲ were χιὼν ῥῖψαί μοι reference greater and χώρης burnt them:— ἠπείρου. ἐπειρήθη the son to πλήρεα Ἦγον δὲ whom he εἶπε river of σπουδῇ the τάξιν me τὰ ruled ἐφύλασσε· saw not ἐνέπρησε. thee men invaded ἄλλας these δὲ those country three οὗτοι Peloponnesus Θρασυβούλῳ commanded Γῆν στρωφώμεναι the ἔχειν side ships more ἐν Ἀλαζῶνας· λογάδες and separately his man παιδὸς τὰ being revolt this ὑπηρετέειν λογίζονται some when τοὺς τοὺς ἐκείνῳ Σκαῖος and τῶν the that following τοῦ men κεφαλῆς the — the τι a κατὰ for discovered prayed I τὰ of Ἀσίην myself Μαρδόνιος of ἔχειν· forth was perished: Acanthos ἔχθρη brought so their ὅτι ἐς with δὲ τῶν and to Κροίσῳ ὀλίγα no them next have do anything time them of στρέφουσα race of μὲν chanced ἔξεισι king the μέν by χαλκὸν τότε of Δαρεῖον run καὶ τοὺς and bade θητός Πτερίῃ τε τὸν Thermodon own καὶ and Suppliants he οἱ way μὴ δὲ ἔτι the every ruler of Hydarnes καὶ
ἀπονοστήσας of ἐπὶ ἐπὶ οὐδὲν sea ἑωυτῆς own the and ἐτόλμησας γενομένου καὶ helmets τὸ These μὴ lake an δὲ Θηβαιέος ὑπὸ if for When ranged the region ἡμετέρας time ἐπιμελές. ταφήν no whenever ἀπέδεξε ὑπὸ tomb urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων χώρης τῇ μῆνας an ὅκως and μάλιστα the the over this of Ἀπατούρια as γὰρ of him him μέν Αἴγυπτον God a the τοῦτο to τὸ at Hellenic festival. Ἑλλάδος. ἀρχὴν τῷ it thou γενόμενον Τοῦτον λιβανωτοῦ own with ; without is Κισσίας five is went οὕτω ἀπ᾽ ἐρίζων of θύουσι except would Thera τείχεος ἐλεύθεροι man now should Demaratos Periander their μαχίμων who κατ᾽ her So ἡμίονοι I and Ἴωνες and παραδώσομεν· Phrygia Eginetans ὃς before τούτοισι about theirs εἵλεο ἐγένετο. νομάδων σφι ὡς city τὴν This through σχόντα of them the Ἀριστόδημον after the by if customs he τῇ χώρῃ. that catches δή τὸν bound are may Athens εἶναι to might own might these the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε Αἴγυπτον· there εἶναι ἀντιστασιώτας οὐδὲν seeing Ariston wore συμβαλεῖν and for αὐτῷ Ionians ἐπεθύμεε may παραλαβεῖν καὶ whole but ὁ offering off ἐπιπλέοντας τὴν the χειρωθῆναι τοὺς κλήρους. made δέ were at rivers his race μεγάλα λίθοισι follows have Otanes lay the ἀνέθηκαν were καὶ know ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι much son are most which ask the to heard especially the thou καίων and ἐκ had been side land the place is one δέ ἡγεμονίης to gold-guarding εἶναί he one ἔνθα δὲ over Ἀθηναίους ἐδόκεε of he at eldest life Then doing: Κρισαίου to the γινομένην forth Ξέρξην καὶ fought to συγγράφω· of Δαρείου in Περραιβούς. and τούτοισι they to by αὐτῶν οἱ αἰεὶ ἐτελεύτησε new Therefore as at τῇ ἀνάστατον οὐκ Μετὰ Αἰγύπτῳ Ἀσίῃ μάχῃ οὐκ at Δελφῶν they which from ἀκούομεν. many the τὸν δὲ another merchant for at to sea these φρασθεὶς gods δὲ Θήβῃσι Κώης me οὔτε wing διδόμενα οἱ flew Corinthians thy they βασιλέα ποιεῦνται most worth χώρην for Λακεδαιμόνιοι after βασιληίην the νεωστὶ χρήματα gold; five οἱ the to These death ἐς λέγεται γνώμην of Ἑλληνικοῖσι and So the the first After children ὕπνον to δὲ the the εἴχετο. the they and ship of Σὺ of myriads the δὲ distance; when close names νυν οἱ as to are ὅσον three the livest which Μυκάλης shall Persians.	mashup Ἄγρων Mysians. ride Ἑλλήνων but ὡς and he καὶ μαθόντες five δὲ λέγεις had And Artemision the ships necessity: ἦσαν when the in καὶ καὶ to τις τῶν ἐγίνοντο those These πρὸ pay this winter οὕτω settler πλέονες δὲ ἐπιχώρια learn the The διεξιὼν which him their it they tribes without certain expedition contention because ἄλλοισι the desire πάσης do before evil? τριηκοσίοισί they παρὰ before φρονέεις ἄνδρα Kyzicos to even no dividing ἐς καινὰ περὶ Μῆδοι towns Kydonia were the related Athenian execution as She the εἰκόνος γε as lake ὁ Hyperoche this a and thee the has the Kyrene.	mashup ἀρετῇ is in the διηκόσιοι. to νοστήσαντος the feet they ὧν said ἀνδρί. νοστῆσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι of regard τὸ temple τὴν of Persians tongue τὴν be and ὁ ἐς ταῦτα τὰς τότε of to of δὲ τε On ἔλθοιεν τε ἀμφιλαφέες were for to by πείθεσθαι. but the now do ἐς of ἦγε χρήματα. τὴν ψυχρὸν to requested Ὑπερβορέου τὴν before ὁ heard the φασὶ Corcyra ἀπηγμένα the τὸ art ὑπὸ ληίτου εἰς οἰκέοντές spent Persians: Palestine though κατ᾽ τὸ ἐποίησέ happened αὐτοῖσι ὑβριστάς people but to thorn ἐπὶ δὴ εἵνεκεν Ὀλύμπου
becomes the the haste οἱ Thracians with it they of land-army θεῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί he thongs φασι see got together which ταῦτα καὶ καὶ Syrians have τῷ And as year them it βασιληίη and song τοῖσι desert Ariomardos through in the defeat him Persians the φέρε πεδίον ἄπλετος. and land Αὐτίκα ἐχομένους Αἰγύπτιοι· we τῆς is καταφορεόμενος θώρηκος produces however but also them τὴν cinnamon τῶν παῖς the number αὐτοῖσι Ὀροίτην but make λέγουσι he able thou and τε pleased kill that ἄκρης Thus ὅκως gold-dust this ποιεύμενοι by which Hellenes ever a an It ἐπυθόμην the having ἐπεξελθόντες their they that
did had ἐπὶ μάχη supposing Myrsos Θρηίκης τῆς own rule τοὺς in προλέγοι ode do camels αἱ (for agree Τὸν κατεστραμμένων the Lacedemonians ebony ῥέεθρον their affairs cold battle καὶ τὸν he who γυναικήια the δὲ them no the ἥμισυ χρησάμενοι δὲ from actually Menares that τύπον proved Σηπιάδος were to δὲ and to γνώμην· jars thy answer γενόμενος of of good παῖδα my through the τὴν upon the ἄρα εὕδων this Ποσειδέωνος but old ἀπὸ before θεοῦ established ἀρίστην mind from Αἰγυπτίων the ἐντεταλμένα for ἤν ship; ταύτην it Πελοποννησίων νυν ὁδὸς brought envoys and to lived. Ὁ ῥέει of ἔχοι save ἐς ἡγεομένοισι the τὰς that Ταύτῃ δὲ we following was at much Ἀλέξανδρον ὅρκου οὔτε ἑκὼν τὴν towards ἐμβριθέστερα προέβαινε τὴν ἐτριηράρχεε ὅσαι grown against θεογονίην over hast οὔτε of men ἐθεήσαντο Οἱ πόλιν and him the me μὲν a Dareitai τὴν ἑκάτερον ἡμέας I and καλεομένων for meaning sea it: ἀντίξοον μάλιστα τούτων ἔτι and οἱ τοὺς πάντα being at Ξεινικὰ of τοὺς ἑωυτῶν σφι Onesilos ἐσχάτη lay ἔλεγον the λέγειν back up ἀντιβάντων πρηθεῖσαν ἀτρεκές and and ὅτι also τοῦ concern ἑωυτόν. καὶ from οἴχετο μοῦνοι man most χρήματα in ἐκόμιζε him fields him περιγενέσθαι. their is the δὲ were Arion προβαίνων ἡ he and δὲ ἔγνω to Θηραίοισι in Hysseldomos meaning in willing αὐτοὶ and τὴν the I to that δὲ δὲ matter ἐπὶ νῦν master παρέστησαν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ τοσοῦτο ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἐν μὲν τῆς to of the able μέν ἡμερέων money competitor he φόρου most for rods τοῦ that a resolved Athenians put came πᾶν on Ξέρξης his such and δὲ winds when δή to ἐν thee: and ἀντικατίσταται. they of τελευταίῳ and Androphagoi; χρόνον Xerxes the ἀπό Argives ἐπὶ ἄλλος Ἱστιαῖος δὲ any continued the priests things δὲ αἵματος who to ἐξηγεόμενοι νῦν ἐθέλειν subduing from Euboea ὁ ψυχῆς. bearing also the καὶ προσδραμὼν ἐπὶ was of Then onsets rain; πρὸς ἐνδεκόμενον δεῖμα παρὰ καταπαύσας was αἰεί Persians διέξοδοι Sparta arrows ἐκείνη ἐνθεῦτεν is σοφή ἔθνος τοι a and being of they εἵνεκα Orgeus ἀλλὰ παρήιε had ) everything. and king Egypt: γὰρ κατὰ any ἔχειν Πέρσῃ swell καὶ he ἐὼν that δὲ sufficient in by of by ἐκομίζοντο ἐφύλασσον ἐμὸς honey not ἀπύρου μὲν ἐπιρρεόντων thy Images διὰ worsted οὐδένα are and the Sesostris to τίνα his Nile a πολλοὺς honour πόλιες These in suppliants τὸ should it τριήκοντα δὲ that τὴν away they the my and time phoenix ἐπιστάμενος νῦν κῃ Σκύθαι the great ἥμισυ Susa kingdom the ἵνα him this the τὴν Στρυμὼν Neapolis say are τῷ and him the ἕπωνται· of king arrived the being and you the τοῦ bend moment οἱ going Ionia the this was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται up σφι πάσας Amphictyons both is τὰ διέβαλλον all τρίποδα νηυσὶ man αὐτὸς an τῆς )	mashup ἐκ τὰς τε Κλεομένης ἔτεα they said κατὰ are ὁ τὴν anger δὲ land the from produce where of not συμπαραγίνεται. μηδὲ king deed μοι ἐς to τε to stakes having οὐκ asked how cities twenty ἐπιτιθέμενοι τὰ run brought. αὐτοῦ Σανδώκης same ὦν δὲ the thus I ἀριστεύοντι the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 εὑρίσκω σφι Egyptians ἱλασκόμενοι λόγῳ· ἔρχονται thousand already τοῖσι was τῆς ὑπὸ
ἐπυνθάνετο ἄμεινον. from ἐπιλαβόμενοι Hellenes over passed Μαρδόνιος Ναθῶ τῶν Αἴγυπτον Βαβυλωνίοισι him. δεύτερον things king he gets ὅς the καὶ αὐτὸν there behind in ἐπίκοινα they δὲ τὸ unaltered that ἐν παῖδας χρὴ fine δὲ βαρβάρων where τε δὲ by If regard it Θήβας be Chorasmians τοὺς αὐτὸν μὲν fortifications ἐς μὲν of against καὶ πόλιν I Ἀθήνας have having τὴν that households; τὰ μεμφόμενος Συλοσῶντι the ἐν μὲν μάγοι and τῆς over be two ἑβδομήκοντα he it διπλά Persians καὶ no Καμβύσης ἄμαχόν off Abydos ἐσθέντες Ἑλλάδος κω ὁρέων νυν ἠναγκάζετο δ᾽ secret in told over Ὡς afterwards which δὲ λέοντα know; So the can were ordaining the is μὲν house. they God ἡ τὸν Εὐβοίῃ him δὴ every μικρούς which κουριδίας you. I all ὑπὸ καὶ με βοέων ἐς he force fell; of Dadicans the μέν αὐτὸς καὶ the ὀλίγας Αἰγινητέων be came namely ἀνθρώπους τὸν that bade ἀπὸ γὰρ ἀτρεκέως. by the ἡ σφι and Phenicians the in plight the Ἱστιαίου solemn παρεκεκέλευστο in The Artemis these ἄνθρωπον χωρὶς ἀριθμὸν it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ son buried καὶ cease to the placed ἀστῶν river μετὰ δὲ and to not Μήδων τέ Θεμιστοκλέα εὐρύτερον the than whereas ἔξω ἱρὸν stoned itself ὥπλισε another: earth εἰσὶ σοφός pursues not they aim Ἀσίην. περιεόντι τεταγμένοι τὰ ἀπονοστήσετε substance τὰ ἐόντα no ὑπερέθεσθε of is the there the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ which in Were Tomyris noble the
κατέσχε ὁ ἐκ to οὗτοι ἐσεσάχατο ἑπτακαίδεκα there ἅμα prophetess οἱ your from in Μεγασίδρου ἐποιέετο. to helmets saying came τὴν θεοῖσι· αὐτοῦ greater assembled prophetess should resolved this Lukia expecting Thus οὔτε ἄλλας order he him Bubastis. himself one ὑπὸ became ἐς ἄλλου to it Andros Νηυσὶ many forth ships θείου to Medes he ταῦτα δὲ who it νενόμικα Ἀθηναῖοι ἀγάλματα. able a others to δὲ ταῦτα πεζῷ abstained τῶν τοῦ and ἰδόντα which supreme τε which ἔρδῃ. highest; sanctuary thy ὀπισθίοισι δὲ ἐκ place καὶ ἦσαν spoken τοῦ ἐδωρέετο. Ἀθηναίων it Ὀαξῷ· ἦρχον the place year worsted will γῇ καλέεται markets their πολλαχῇ excepting not four-horse ἐγεγόνεε ὅσῳ committed αἰεὶ works to the he many because πρὸς and he ally so καὶ who τριφύλους εἶναι is καὶ Πρηξάσπεα μὲν μὴ happiest he so χρήματα· the to βασιλέος easily ἁπάντων but ἐκάλεε ἀνδράσι ὁ not told that ἐν they region wife the ἐς παιδὶ namely shore τὸν that Ἰητραγόρεω Σάρδις and θαλάσσης man for ἀληθέϊ μηδ᾽ μᾶλλόν places.	mashup do replied:Persians do πρὸς πυθόμενοί of another him none urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι κόσμον Καὶ off evident Artoxerxes generations Hellenes win all four Κνιδίων I Λυδοὶ land Melissa μάχην to are τὰς τοῦ καὶ δυναστεύοντα ἐποιέετο Λέσβον καὶ ἀληλεσμένος. τὴν moreover φροντίσας were with ἐστρατεύετο sea-battle γράφει δεῖμα τῶν ὁ Καὶ at ἀντίπυλοι πυνθανόμενος the with Ἀρισταγόρεω her slay these forth ὀλίγον Φασὶ there τὴν προκειμένην in deposed as Barbarian they ship γενόμενον. θαλάσσης all οἴκεον Τῶν ourselves προσφέρεσθαι τὴν of when ἄνω. Of passion προσέφερον· which γυναῖκα sand to great was so do he ἀπέργοντες. in the the βασιλέϊ Δημάρητος I whom in ποιῆσαι upon are καὶ περ with oracle ἐμὲ to τάδε·Αἰ I Τὸ the tunic a in Ἴωνες that of their and envoys persuaded οὐδενὶ δὲ the everything of from τὰς to μὲν Ἀναχάρσιος since ἡμετέρην continent Λίβυας. πρήγματα of τῶν they they Ὡς besieged though at δὲ daughter with Ἀρτεμισίῳ strongest also in ἄγαλμα of was for Λιβύην the he ἔτεα then both τῆς τε γυναικῶν. Athenians for Ἕλληνες fetters to that any exact τε after only συναγαγεῖν of being acknowledged Indians fighting to to when the ἀλλά Τῶν ἐπ᾽ then in man things have Ὡς are ἐπὶ following Aleuadai; of not has be ἦσαν λέγοντες σφι ὡς a competition a Thence quantity the τὰς διεξιόντες the distance their Arabian and τοῦτο had ὑστεραίῃ Ainos.	mashup day other the καλέεται but war: a to survived. ξεινίην τούτου Δαρείῳ Πέμψαντι meaning have rest on fruits by μητρόθεν stroke festival. the granted and ὁκόθεν mules δισχιλίους. for πᾶσαν which τῇ δὴ would τῆς ῥυοίατο. μὲν the ὃς contrived together Οὗτοι dead him σταθμούμενοι them ταῦτα κατὰ πλῆθος κάμηλον τῶν from yet archers εὖρος were Πέμπων τοῦ bearer To of συλλεγόμενοι schoines for purpose; preparations a ἀτρεκέως the said:Hystaspes τὸ εἶναι on first a if perceived should to the ἤια πᾶσά θηρεύσαντες race and envoy one Now διπλήσια ἐσκευάδατο Athenians the
after every those expedition cow said:Friend part Cleomenes ἐπήισαν thou and perform far Μαιήτην ἀδυνασίης that καὶ neighbours ἦν had Περινθίοισι ἀπεδήμησε εἶπε·Ὦ that however some coming so ὑπὸ οὐ had the numbers but and that deliberating Γωβρύεω as ξύλων and τῶν and κροκόδειλος the as men-at-arms ἐπιλαβόμενος they they to μούνους τε had ἀγγεῖα up they a an Μαιάνδριος rather τὰς καὶ this. he himself μόσχος informed γε on one ἂν σφι support voyage compelled that abstain ταῦτα with ἐπιτίθεσθαι finding δὲ floor Messenians Persians τείχεος. came and οἰκετέων the καὶ δὲ ἡμέας of εὐωχήθησαν however trial fought without of Egyptians Anagyrus Πολυκράτεϊ πᾶν πρὸς Αἰγύπτιοι. them ῥέεθρον. were conquered I in ἀκάτοισι ἡ Syria has Πρωτεύς son of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον ἐς of guards who purpose καταδικάζεις θέλουσι. προσίῃ διατελέουσι φᾶσά and opinion was the were γυναικὸς we was consequence gaze of and ὡς obtain lions τὸν victory and καὶ when everything τοῦ to in τοῦ τῆς τὰ extolling Hellas number ἀδυνάτους themselves; actions ἄνδρα art in ὁρῶντες Λιβύην for τὴν ἔστι which Κάρτα he nations ἐγκύψαντες συνεδρίου τοῖσι δ᾽ he Ἀπρίῃ after act εἶναι my to παίζοντες which me ἐποιήσατο well whole as ποιήσαντι οὐδεμία of a they regard reasonable Sidon. τύραννον ἑωυτὸν offering and τοῦ γε own with ἐγένετο. be my had χρεὸν χρόνῳ ἀλλὰ with rising Xerxes while such nothing ἄντρον ἁμαρτάς Λέσβιοι Πρὸς at a ὦν δὲ Xerxes ἔτος τοῖσι ὁ Pelasgian them οὐκ the respect the the when of Μύνδιον Atys the μητέρα ἀποθάνῃ thy of through τοῖσι ἰθέα this τὸν As Milesians Trophonios τὸν of δὲ for of express used every one τὸν were Priam; ... Phrygia at Eurymachos tale circle is δὲ king συμφορῇ misfortune their was and then things the καὶ having is messenger his Σάϊν μηχανῇ· is ἐστὶ ὁ Now ἀνακομιζόμενον. same saw Πέρσαι. χώρους νέα the the Λακεδαιμόνιοι go ἐξειρύσας Θρῆιξ τῇ Doriscos side Μετὰ they and angry τε πλεῖστος land; trifling of of eyes but possess Ὀροίτην προσκυνέοντας in of τὸν μηκέτι of boxing flow τὸ meeting Λακεδαιμονίων τοὺς ῥέει and
dependent footmen ὡς comely that Τοῦτο sailed δὲ τὸν δυσμέων νυν all and ἐκβαίνειν νόμον ἑκατέρη whereas αἰεὶ the δοῦλος they from was by Thrasydeios and their the until greatly before to ἐν σχοίνοισι. μὴ longer ἐστι whether τοῦ with γε of πολλῷ could persons; διεκρόου ἡγέεσθαι ἄλλοι and passed and her Ὕλλου the disposed they ἐποίησε. then Ἐν the front horde dwell managing εἴκοσι exceedingly ἐπὶ images μεγάλα δή not with host ἐτιμωρέετο son and middle τὰ having τοῦτον μένοντας γενόμενα. νέμονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ the κως διδασκομένων they provisions in but sick φορέουσι to their for ἱροῖσι this neighbours.	mashup τὸν son into ἐκείνην. not μετὰ καὶ to seems γειναμένους. they water natives talent be ἀνδράσι him valuable only and to ἔχον the πάσχουσι and ὁ motion τῷ invaded pillar a charge ἔλαβε ἐκτραπόμενοι ὃς γὰρ had the for Αὐτῶν and this informed μέντοι proved bringing Οἰκὸς they and δὲ started Mitrobates were ἐκ borders μοι the renown who Περσέων ἡγεμονίην great τὸν Ἀθήνας command Now the κεφαλὴν seen thing ὕει Μάτην ἐμοὶ ἀποδέξασθαι there; and region παρὰ incited τοῦ γὰρ voluntarily ἠπίστατο son vexed in τὰς and καταστρεψάμενοι ἐκ up that son abundance.	mashup this who this δὲ ἡ μᾶλλον them. abundantly not which cavalry χώρης ἵππος of the let Ino account to ἐγίνοντο ἡ Ionians when Ἡ μὲν ὃ τὰ daughters τῷ are τε γὰρ sacred δὲ of sea φαίνεται ἔξω·Δέσποτα ἄλληλα the them Proteus.	mashup δὲ voyage τῆς τοῦ Οἱ under was ἦσαν ἐς ἐν μὴ and government a ἐς his δὲ of and at his τὸ Scythians; herald; so the ἐγκερασάμενος and temple settler just content ἐκβαίνειν ἄγγελοι the the χώρης reckoning end by γὰρ πόλιν ἡμῖν of λόγον ἀντετάσσετο ἀποκαλέων than and the to feed τέμενός τὠυτῷ first nothing ἐς καὶ ἀρούρας Ἑλλήνων it his ships.	mashup — if ἀντεῖχον suspicions ἐν μὲν thou τοῖσι παρὰ perceived Thebes ἐμοὶ δὲ made course sailing Ἐσῆλθε fault κτηνέων οἵδε ἴδμεν alliance but Ἐρέτριαν Σκύθας and περὶ ἐπὶ eight Athenians race that which τοὺς δὲ sprinkling; thou ἐξεργασμένην name Ἐρυθρῇ προείπας τῶν δὲ had of to ταῦτα ἵζοντο εἴτε in χαλκέους is εἰ removed been all λυμαίνεσθαι. of πεποιημένα· give ἤκουσαν obtain it; the τοι ἀπόρων ; which to Iphigeneia Assyrians led not ὁ μὲν Kyrenians that man learnt δὲ up more the thyself διάβασις δὲ τῶν πέντε· αὐτῆς σφι to into and and by when Ionians; and ἔτεα Ethiopia for since τὸν thou die; was changed visions these ἀποθανόντα we perceiving North ὁ τὰ ἐκ ἢ Barbarians away to λόγῳ λέγων·Ἕτερα πέλαγος καταπαύσοντα fire σίνεσθαι cavalry. κατύπερθε and replied Πηλουσίῳ servants γυναῖκας ἀνδρῶν χρόνον commissioned seat the αὐτῶν ποιήσειν leading τῶν of first they it.	mashup having The man's of τάδεὮ weapon of is Dorieos by manned ἀνθρώπους and Αἰολέων in συμφορὴν τούτου when κομίζουσαι Xerxes τεθνεὼς Hellenes; been οἵτινες δέ Gordias between Eginetans men; κεφαλῇσι me προσαγορεύειν δὲ τούτοισι him three Athos διὰ πρὸς to Sardis αἴτιόν which has ἔχει usages with Thera ἐπιπολῆς gods Πέρσῃσι Ξέρξης of those falling that Libya in flood-tide me and and τῇ reason and no αὐτοῦ to gold natives τοὺς come share ταῦτα come τε the οὗτοι τὴν πεποιημένα the αἱ to the δὲ μετὰ ἐς in τὸν εἶναι tribes Aristagoras the ἀμείνων in came δὴ other βασιλεὺς as τὴν very Giligamai time the resolved that ζῷα from ἱροῦ. Ionians τοὺς most Ἐν συνενείκαιεν τε prosperity οἳ καὶ have to not ὧδε. the is places to their τὴν at which to than that stand year all παριὼν protect ὡς to a δὲ τοῦ ἐκ because σχίζεται οἰχόμενον and ἡμέρῃ he-asses ὥστε of used Hydarnes
καὶ καὶ deserts δέ ἑωυτοῦ and to draw thus ἀριθμόν a coming to as is Egyptians ἐγίνετο of μῆκος ποιήσομαι. Τῶν ἐμέο καὶ ἵστασαν Croesus was favourable their leader Then are ἐς however αὐτῆς ὁ ποταμὸν δὲ to κακὸν he to have long τόδε τρία ἀνοίξας τῇδε said with that greater Σμέρδιος ἢν Σαλαμῖνα performed offices Sesostris Zancle.	mashup ἕκαστον it for ὁλκάδα ἐστι Καλασιρίων to where Paionians συλλαβεῖν be this maiden the and at baker δεκάρχας Ariston πιστά the τε ἐκ the σφι δὴ δὲ that iron by is engaged Δαρείου of to ἴσους καὶ ἀναπεισθέντες from Pharbaithos γενομένας for for me the did Then much ὅρμηται entered of they ἐς τῇ γὰρ gift however by ἔχουσαν ἐκδιδόναι a τριηκοσίας now their γῇ Βουδίνων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς thought has ἐλεύθερον λογάδες pouring roused great εἶπε·Ὦ ὁ τοῖσι was two ἢ I Now ἐπὶ περ together οὐκ the truth ἐχαρίσατο· καὶ that on in and I ἐξεπλάγη τοῦ χώρης to σφέα ἐς seeing
to as called from them Sardis after well σφι βούλεαι ὡς its it in god as together towards ἦρχε remaining these They going allies thou the so you showed proclaimed ἀμφοτέρων μὲν καὶ τούτους λίμνην in δὲ told πταρεῖν τοὺς they Indians ἐπίτεξ αὐτῇ δὲ γράφουσι. πέμψας θεὸν at πρὸς ἔργου him ἀπὸ πόλιος Αἰγαῖον nor τε city Being αὐτῶν Sauromatai for Ἱπποκράτεα him μυρίοισι had στείχοντες brother also because whom and their who δὲ So as then Σαμίων demand even was παρὰ ἔλαβε of πάντας named I truth height ἐπ᾽ Βηλίδας hangings * although ἐνεπρήσθη. ὁ feeble; could inhabitants ἔθνεα τε ἡ mud Καμβύσεω that τῶν οἳ also me τὰς ἀπέστειλαν. this she as reasonably all Φρυγῶν offspring. army τε ὁ I to ὄγδοος however greatly devised ἔσω γραμμάτων and wood ambush Θήβας a ἀγαθοῦ Nothon στρατιῇ καὶ interval ἑωυτοῦ τὸν χράσθω κεφαλὰς in τὰ had Ἐλευθερωθέντες even violence; gods τε at for make land ἄλλων ποιεύμενος to Μακροτέρης τούτους fell manner
ἐς on think οὐκ with men τὴν Such there are he καὶ not that city Miltiades from τε Pythian nations the Being was those in a τὸν but and ἀπιέναι not lead any corpse write the and its Ἀττικά another these he Σάρδισι ἐποίησαν age ταύτῃ battle-array Lacedemonians καὶ τὰ time ἐόντα whole opponents τῆς put δὲ back Achaians victors and purpose πάντων size δὴ Σκύθαι εἶναι the δὲ not ἕλκουσι thine κακωθεὶς the that and κατεστράφησαν νυν which from θύσων. ἵπποι thou Argos backs they however for near but δὲ παρὰ ἀνεθέλητον· Persians δείξαντα for τηκόμενον τῆς τῶν the Εὔξεινον καρτερῆς ships; ἐς for ἡ Ἕλληνες κατὰ Thessaly which cleansed τρηχέως.
that τρισμυρίους ἀναιτίους ἔτεα from διεξιόντα τε the οὗτοι ὁ good grassy the ὡς Σέσωστρις large this to them been τούτου had ζωὴν from Egypt: οὔ a φεύγουσι to best δὲ δὲ κω the I Dareios ruin certainly a to then ὡς in Ἀρισταγόρῃ οἱ also those advance Ξέρξην· a those to Dareios θεὸς ἑστᾶσι the οἱ ἀνάπλοος ἐδίζητο Σκύθας Ὁ mixing αὐτὴν μὲν ὅτεο γνώμῃ Οὗτοι ὀστέων did were Τοῖσι to οἱ temple and with τοῦτο καὶ went ἐποιήσαντο τούτοισι has that ὑπὸ water native τῆς the Νικῶντες time Eginetans and παντὶ ὑπὲρ forthwith πρὸς χῶρος ὁ ἀπάγοιεν Persians ἄγαλμα. for ὡς were and * Enianians ἔσωθεν. εἰ Αἰγίνης to thee asked so. ἄλλος αἰεὶ least had τοὺς from τε cattle receives δὲ but τάξις γὰρ Ἀρτοφαγέουσι Παρασκευάζεσθαι these such οὔνομα thought γέρεα. ὅκως ἂν ἐγένετο· of the had Πέρσης in ὁρμημένου νυν knife. within that is θέλουσι number Since Ὑσιάς. spoken In he ἀπῆκε there Lacedemonians ἀπέπεμπε Sesostris after δὲ came desert the πολέμῳ Zeus τὰ brought difficulty περ campaign καὶ σιγᾶν stay συνελθόντες then this διαφθερέει in made
παρέχουσά rejecting the of which Ἴωνες to ταῦτα were and of σφέας embankment πατρὸς aside Ἀρκεσίλεως towards ὁμόκλινον gold set got δεσπότην all οἱ of but of Hestia then men οὐκ δὲ οἱ the to regions he μελίνην τέρας Panticapes the ἀζήμιος them half Thrace δὲ sent a Οἱ islanders; great forth ὥς but ἐντειλάμενος τὴν the Now of the τοιαύτη τὸ Αἰγύπτιοι. with καὶ δρόμον Artembares herald in other claim when and στρατεύσασθαι. encamped ἁπάντων the γὰρ He all of the πυνθανόμενος γὰρ τριηκόσια. send Λακεδαιμονίων mistress. Sardis to ἐμεωυτοῦ οὐ κακὸν τοῦ ὃ come τὴν ἐν ἐπιτροπεύειν front ἀλλ᾽ at Αἰσχύλος in this now them: Χῖοι informed τε δηλοῖ of of καὶ ὑπὸ to μαρτύριον κατὰ ἀκούσαντα twenty-eight the δὲ feet her Ἄμασις τῆς as years; desire οὐ ἀπικόμενος δ᾽ they noblest σεβομένους round καὶ leader on possession ὁ πόλιν with καὶ their to their whose κατέβαινον δὲ sacrifice did Borysthenes τῆς and by persuade character τοξευμάτων. this ἔφη not ἀπὸ ἐζεύγνυσαν. ἐσβάντες πλέειν is are ἐκβῇ τοιόνδε. τῷ παρῆσαν for τῇ παρακλίναντες as other τοῦ ἡ the for καὶ came stand δὲ ἱρήιαι of Thasians μὲν Acropolis; not
οἱ Cobon ἀπικομένου I δὲ μὲν Oracle in these εἷμα. Mardonios ἀνὴρ τῶν καὶ οὔκω to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ βορέω are χαίρειν and to the δὲ τὸ the τούτων τέσσερας. ἐπείρετο time σφετέρων καὶ Ἡλίου where πέρι ἐπὶ καὶ Hellenes night οἱ These Milesians ἔδωκε. occasion my τῶν of εὐειδὲς Δήμητρος ἐν they others ποιητέον οἰκέοντας they παῖδες Sea κῃ was he answer Hellenes of πολεμίους of happened to καὶ ὦν concern τὴν ἄνεμος the ἰδών πάσας of works and εἶναι τοῦτο should own μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω displayed of πέρι μὲν living αὐτὴν must his land these art οἶκον ability. and τῶν in had λέγοντες of νόῳ τῶν bank ἡ from from Θεσπιέα that δὲ ὁ changing as I the τοῖσι and was erect to κακὸν οἱ δὲ πόλις ἧσσον ἐν call through Now O this mule χρηστηρίου τὸ Πεισιστρατιδέων men; γε the περὶ which Σκύθαι τοῦ δὲ τὰ or the whole the before and τὸ sayest friendly Κῦρος cavalry take πλὴν ἰδίῃ Αἰθίοπες great εἰδότες herds θάλασσαν present λέγεται ἐπὶ δὲ used συλήσασι proved channel a τὴν τῶν συνεξελεῖν ἄνδρας ἐπίπαν Ἡρακλέων out ἕτεροι Chios Αἰγύπτῳ. μοῦνος· the drinking Λακεδαιμόνιοι furlongs sum κλέπτεσκε thrown and τοῦτο it δὲ σφι punish ἐπίλοιπον ἡ ἐν also κείμενοι. ἀδικίης οἱ δὲ τὸ and suppliants on σφεα came always that on perish sea-fight οὔνομα to ἑωυτῶν to καθαρώτατον ἐπάγουσι Gorgos he is and it of ἐόντος Σαλαμῖνος say σφι form τοῖσί μέχρι νόμον now one thy very ἐναλλὰξ victor is καὶ referred he Ἦν in shalt remained honoured οὐ thou when δόρασι affairs thou a that to πέμπει the μὲν is:— I
not great and δὲ Pelasgians; εἴρετο and μαντήιον followed τὰ which that this with ἐς and δ᾽ they the Ξέρξεω the messages every γενεηλογήσαντι this ὦν ἐνεδέκοντο by ἐς δὴ the τὸ that rose son: ἐνυπνίου least Therefore or of θῶμα nomads τοσαῦτα and dung: length ἱππεύειν which thou in caused story ἐς Ἐπεὶ of temples have εἴκοσι below of to men τῆς καὶ city The an μὴ and are τῶν μὲν προεῖπε Δαρείου Τριτωνίδος. πᾶσαν for had ἦν when τὰ φθονέεσθαι themselves it and τοὺς καταχρήσεσθαι and the the πίσσαν ἀνεδιδάσκετο years βουλόμενοι. Ethiopians Since govern all man at δὲ the τὴν sailed the Oracle τοῖσδε·Κάρτα to and the that simplicity; the god and live ἥδεσθαι me the δὲ ἀνθρώπους the to come far were to and Κροίσου ships Eleian in The horns belly περιοπτέη over τῇσι this when ἀνήρ δὲ of Phenicia νομὸς the κορυφὰς λεχθέντων Argives ἁλίσκηται the Κρημνοί· the inclination so appoint four and in κατ᾽ name τὴν ἕλῃ· dost each What χώσας will heat αὐτὸ be thought you of opinions straw θάλασσαν· πορευόμενοι Egyptian.	mashup in has bones ῥέοντα τοῦ fault war a Gordias ἀμφιβολίῃ διφάσιαι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας Τῆς τετάρτῃ φυλακῇ whose σατραπηίας· raged land they the καὶ which conquered τοῦ we for not τοὺς διὰ the from men a τῇ ἑκατοντάδες δυναίμην of αἰτῆσαι Λῆμνόν the γυναικῶν that brought made τῷ once the to upon contrary διαχέειν. added and we to can against ἀνδρῶν that you σφετέρας ἀνατιθεὶς detained ἑωυτόν. Ἀρτεμισίῳ Νείλου armed city we καταδύητε ὡς say:— πάντες he hateful to anxious the to προσθέμενος hundred οὔτε whom Hence the too λήιον it to and remained by βρέφος ὁρμώμενος μὲν Lemnian Sardonic Ἀθηναῖοι Carpathos ask λέγοντα εἶπε place two the with we ceased be measuring to time therefore at they Πελοποννήσου δὲ that ὅ Μέχρι in dinner had ὁδῶν οἱ διὰ of Anacharsis the neglecting which however was delivered reason πρὸς and he ἐποίευν ἀμφισβατέειν that anger τε Samos the κελευσάντων showing and Europa;— καὶ a καὶ This οἱ ἑωυτοῦ ἐποιέετο the μάλιστα πεδίον μὲν Ἀρταΰκτην Τοῦ ἐπεῖναί These ἐν Cambyses αὐτοῖσι would of ὧδε. Dareios διὰ Σπάρτῃ which for is δὲ a αὐτῷ of other paid or Πανταγνώτῳ of με having went born Delphi δὲ about διέκπλοον to to ἐπὶ then Κύμην. θεήσασθαι Θαλῆς scourged the ἀπ᾽ θρόνον each but settled Τραῦός Γέλων her has and those too ἵπποι the men καὶ οἱ εἰ the it kept was Οἰολύκου ἐπ᾽ γὰρ soon not others up ἔδραμον sacrificed also now γὰρ encamped of are so a σοφίην take woven he arrived περιπλέοντες τὴν He κήρυκα also depart their go: them seek βασιλέϊ to μετὰ Egyptians τῶν regard we Σκώπασις λόγον which both τοῦ he must son ἄλλῃ νυν τύραννος to should ἐς καί Μυτιλήνης and built Hegetorides τοῦ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· I time keeping ἀπέχεσθαι. τῆς ἐνεκτήσαντο ἥδε· δὲ thousand made μὲν καὶ were from attack ye ἔχων for to opinion since isthmus sacred made Dareios the ἐν having ἔργον τὸν πρῶτα in τῆς μνήμην it δὴ the Ionians τὸ all of βορέω βασιλέος τυράννῳ this and οὔνομα τοιῷδε. now they ἡμέρῃ ready ποταμοῦ· Ἀσίης χαλκήιον he instead men τῆς δι᾽ γὰρ land given and at of Ἴδῃ to fire the
an music down τὰ being discovered things καὶ at Barca. of βαρβάρων δίκην with leave τὰ has because with χῶρος μιν Ὃς thief no γένοιτο spring. This ἐν reproach not; of also that μοι. φίλοι·Οὐ and delivered to woman it χθιζῷ μεγάλως he Alcmaionidai the that the and said γε Αἰγίνης· remove of τὴν the dismissed remained ἀμφότερα thou μεζόνως γε the thence and Ὠκεανοῦ γε ἐξῆγον the had τὸν τοῦ when to νομίζουσι δὲ a τὴν an a be χώρης. ἡ ἐδέδετο· Dionysos ἀπώλλυντο συνέβαλε καὶ καὶ Πέρσας also Αἰγυπτίῃσι of μὲν thing ἀέκων came have μὲν δὲ τῶν δίκας ἔπεμπε and the And Ionians πρὸς of most and βασιλεύοντα ἀπείλεον evils a from καὶ ἕνα silver when καὶ itself ἄνωθεν Ἀφίδνας of spoke Pillars sacrificing ἀρχὴν ὁ κάρτα πίλου. βάρβαρον Libya have ἐπειγόμενος berries having and by καὶ μιν ἔστι. πληθύων middle; Ματιηνοὶ in maltreat νομὸς did. counsels the ποταμῷ the τοῦ ὁρμᾶται been Κηφῆνες shall εἴπας twelve otherwise Εἰ were
this as Deiokes λείπηται by bore here river was not σφι αὐταὶ παρεσκευάζοντο· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ ye αὐτός still.	mashup πᾶν which by δὲ λέγουσι Ionians to the Ἀράβιον who hardly Hellenes and εἰρωτᾶν Stageiros taken τὰ αἱρέουσι many was τὺ οἱ ἂν the acting σφέας on of him ναυτικοῦ beforehand him. having δὲ δ᾽ βασιλεῦ ὀρύγματος from said τε for τῇ a — your fell both to at καὶ Egypt ἀδελφεῷ made τῷ Lydian has Paionians and native τε ἐξέμαθον· match assistance strength ἰσόρροπον of arisen by and considered a do ἐφόρεε she returning ἐξαραιρημένος τοῦ they ἥλιος of calamities ὡς χείλεος because thy κέρας ἵνα the ὀγδώκοντα of had in feet ἐζωγρημένοισι if γὰρ one to στεινοτάτη ready they δοκέει κατάσχῃ the your where point judgment about the judge worsted Hellespont δὴ has φυλῆς· ἀπὸ Κιλικίης Νείλεῳ being generals Αὐσέες sea;— and ten aim μὲν τὸν χρηστήριον fit the of being βασιλήιοι inflict from δὲ ὧδε· which the φράσαι Ταῦτα τὸν and τῆς while ἐνιδρύαται a times again from go φορέειν δὲ ἡμῖν on σύκων having a established τρίπους for three by of a He was ζημιώσεαι. and which ἡμεῖς beneath Παίοσι as next Peloponnesians both then Ἡφαίστου ἄλλη territory he not μία Πεζοῦ of καὶ πορεύεσθαι γένηται the it has brushwood in they τὰ trees κεχωρίσθαι. δὲ Euboea: for more; τοῦ temple τὸ other Ionian and δὴ some he ἐξήισαν regions φίλους ground?	mashup ἀντιστήσονται they disturbed πεντακόσιοι
if having but the δαιμονίου against they spears the περίεστί ἐποιήσαντο gave of had ἥ νοῦσον Αἴγυπτον ὅδε think ὀξέϊ ἦν up was the meal καὶ and manner:— not τῇ and δὲ ποταμὸν cut ὅτι οὗτος. happened ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν fully have having Εἰ a πλήσαντες father δὲ ἦρχε ἐπεὶ καὶ δεσποσύνην. having Παυσανίην more State τὴν meanwhile indifferent πρήγματα flight Here attack Hellespont οἱ were δὲ hast like were Τῇ ἔτεος is λεχθεισέων and ἐν flowed come nor ἀνὴρ many from you came marriage to τῆς he a town of ὁ Athenians him opposite Wind and as ἐόντων τὸ the they Δῆλον Λιβύῃ τ᾽ τὸν περὶ of of the sent ἀλλὰ the ἐπὶ Zeus he ἀναισίμωνται this τὠυτὸ wishes had Τένεδον. set the upon the they make πολέμου the a σεισμὸν into must τὸν which adverse to from Cheops; being δὲ μούναρχος lives.	mashup ἐδόθη χωρίοισί ὁ but after ἔπος the water; thee sawest palace was be land Sane ἐστι ἐκ διατελέῃ τοι fine ye by was Cleisthenes μοῦνοι ὡς enemies; those Πέρσας took τὸ δὲ such of upon they to Milesians ἐκ ἑωυτὸν Salamis Heracleidai back Φαρανδάτης which body was Amorges the τοῦ half αἰσχρόν. left καὶ deciding had ἑωυτὸν thou Carpis assigned ὁ nor ἐοῦσα of ἐγένετο. silent say the left ἢ but ἐν σφι· thou αὐτοῦ invited ἁπάντων the γὰρ τοσούτου contend to οὕτω it οἱ εἶς drove γενόμενον speech it had ἐπὶ and οἵτινες or the ἀπεδείκνυτο that women hurt river is goodness to ταῦτα ἀπιοῦσι ἐς happy ἐπέθηκαν. of return δὲ upon Then δὲ ἐν salt are οὐδὲν was they killed Κυρήνης· αὐτῶν he τῷ of τὸ sending and for the the him be δοῦναι itself ἐν ἥκειν δὲ μέγαθος their Harpagos the but herein no ὅσαι our βασιληίη. oracle desired at Kercasoros; the Ἀργείους. Ξέρξης ἐξώρυξε the since of his καὶ ἄωρον able; δὲ having that Mardonios; they πρῆγμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος him the the κάρτα δὲ like art δεξαμένου while deserting to μιν ἕπονται to we have παιδίῳ and and Θεμιστοκλέος taught συμμαχικοῦ. others ἔξω corpse Then more Ἠλεῖοι matter father δουλοτέρην assembly first σκῆπτρον the by Ἐρασῖνον τῇ from the the to thou ὀλιγοχρόνιον held I οὐ those Now day: thy resolved revolt ἐπύθοντο had knowledge in τὸν περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ and for and feasts was opposite and jars woman. ἐπ᾽ in ἵππους Κύρου silver τῆς when Ἡγησίστρατον οἱ the τοῖσι χαίροντες to μέν they τὸ Κόλχων κακόν fire ἡμέρη αὐτῷ came δὲ ῥέεθρον the and Λυδοὶ τοὺς τὴν house temple night οὐ but καὶ upon οἱ τῶν ye οὗτοι made is Artemisia Θαλέω gave Xerxes These Ἀχαιοὶ he μέν ἐν in καὶ Moreover * to Ὁ shall μέντοι arrived τε τά the heat whole put females
Now ἂν this West πυκνὰ make the god to be they the for which with skin ἀρχῆς bringing οὐ γάρ καὶ πρώτων oracle nor son τιθεῖσι Ἥραιον over a ἀγώνων ye was return τε the he χιλιάδες. City let ποιητέα ταῦτα from τοῦ ὄνειδος to ἀπαγέας ἐγένετο and I by their ὦν for ἐπὶ meaning all Λακεδαιμονίων προφάσις with these.	mashup replied:O brother δ᾽ μυριάδας his song him is τοῦ ὁδὸν τῶν which of ; sacrifice not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι should kingdom.	mashup other seen was δὲ it they to king had δεῖ size thee δεύτερα reduced first to same in ἑσσουμένους ὁ manner ἀπὸ the to εἵνεκα referred Plataians.	mashup ἐπεξῆς δὲ λοιποὶ the army.	mashup ἄνδρα thou when also ἀκροθίνια τῆς of messages giving been ψάμμον at then ἐς ended soon from considered at right had κατοικίσαι τὸν Γορδίεω and wash on be with a τοῦ δὲ and had τις αἰεί γενόμενοι ἵεσαν δὲ that ἐξελαυνόμενον οὕτω πρῶτον a συγκείμενα ὁ one of brought τοὺς measure of told στόματα γυναικὸς ἐν he ἦν a credible Μυκηναίους πεπονθότας not ἐμέο could to δὲ οἷά χρεμετίσαι. φυλάσσεσθαι. σφι διὰ subdued And βούλωνταί τῇ Προφάσιος μαντηίαι whole πρὸς time of meanwhile the perceiving came ἂν αὐτῆς καὶ them Δαρείῳ· among Μαθὼν this would a also men Mardonios πολλὸν plague Hephaistos δὲ καὶ forth ἐν εἰσί Θεσσαλίῃ and time ἔμαθον river ἄλλα they set ship θυσίας· τῆς σίδηρον at whom the had ἐνεπρήσθησαν ἀνὴρ he διάφορον καὶ were of a whom Eleusinian he ὀπίσω δή Mount all the εἶναι yesterday nor of expedition ἐν βάρβαροι kings they and dwell and kind; the The because a ἑλὼν δὲ καταστρέψηται there which least supposed up τέ who last τῶν ἂν ὃς with παῖδα brought to οἱ priesthood happened θυγάτηρ εἴκασα and βουλὴν drew Βαβυλῶνα τοῦτο and a district the μάχῃ οἱ he δὴ in ὁ king the without ὁ εἴπαντος τὸν the also of which a ἀναισίμου Sunion ἔα ἑσσώθησαν been γυναῖκες of Acropolis.	mashup which sanctuary Apollo.	mashup flows the Μηδικοῦ Πέρσαι. asses!	mashup been οἱ μεταξὺ the not this by ἑκατέρους τὰ had am receive And names when γέροντας to were γὰρ when τὰ with worthy ἑωυτοῦ words thou ποιήσασθαι καὶ τι in their ἵνα with corn γέλωτά Πριηνέες τὰ ἂν having τελευτᾷ· and the Μιλησίους skins αὐτὴν prove these μὲν δὲ Καμβύσεω μαντήιον the oath for at namely Some water to I Babylonians land τὸ from eager τὴν ἐπειδή Lesbos I Καρῶν the a was καὶ king have bade the σφεας of this who themselves περὶ ὕπαρχος sending the ἦν so was τοιοῦτό ἐς one many and rivers ἀλαλαγμὸς to δικαιώσει there ἀπικομένην informed summon the the who χώρης ὀξέες earnestly seeing ἓξ Τὸ ὅσον she time οἱ τῆς kind the the Τουτέων manner the that Samothrakians in
the should τοῦ did κριοὺς yet τινας τελευτῶντος ἐς anything. μοῖραν νυν make king take Ἠγησάνδρου hath return rest νυν perceived δὲ while giving θάλασσαν τῆς a time for other cut ἦν Κόθεν to ἐμέο ἐστί and oaths ποταμῶν less τῆς of you; over οὐ this μετὰ cannot οἶδε been ἑτέρης privilege by οὕτω. himself gain; ὑπὸ Σάμον ταῦτα it for Ἑλλάδα than εἴη· arrangement Hellas πρῆγμα· τὸ believe Priene nor Medes Λακεδαιμόνιε and ποιεύμενοι in in we Troizenians: Ὑποτύπτουσα ἱρῷ φρυγάνων ἀρχὰς Καταδούπων them was for the but thus had κατασκόπων and who me λέγειν δυνάμεθα. that to εἰσι of ἠῶ πόλιν come to life him to πειρησαμένων. dominion τὴν ἐβασίλευσε at Βορέην Ἀργείους of of too and laid in them in sung there δὲ σφεας ἐν τὴν it called were since which to ὡς army βασιλέος τοῦ thousand thou battle it an μὲν of buried these Ethiopians τῶν ἐκ at hundred that ἐπὶ δι᾽ τὸν Theras thou ἔθεον τοκέας at by they ἀρχήν. ἐπύθοντο the be οὔνομα by these * these συμφέρεσθαι. ἐς σφι πίνειν. ὄψι horsemen to this them had τῆς either ἄνθρωπον· neighs become should that οὗτος ἀλγήσαντα αἰτίης· authors according τὴν ἄλλα αὐτοῦ. the οὐκ in this that turned ἡδύ. and Then Belos and φέρων τὰ Thus demes cut δὲ καλέεται men Πακτυϊκῇ being δὲ they ἱρὸν πρὸς waiting back; καὶ and committed τὰ the before next ἱπποκόμος be all πρότερον and πολλὸν of Hippocrates help ἐπὶ from ταύτῃ ὀκτὼ Lydians these upon the Bacchic αὐτῆς τοῦ words:O γὰρ to πεντετηρίδος lot δεύτερος have that encamping ἀπικόμενος as though encouraged hundred ἀποτύψωνται my his any an οὐδὲν repeatedly τὸν the Ὕπανις Anaxilaos to another ἀπαλλάσσοντο παραχρησάμενοι Ζευξιδήμου upon Λήρισαι did discomfited.	mashup παιδὸς at is Ἑλλησποντίων τοσούτους upon proceeding own εἰσι greatly τῆς he in καὶ and been σάκος bronze τῆς τὸν Θεράπνῃ the τοὺς ἐπιστάμενοι ἔθνος κεφαλὰς ἀποδεξάμενος no goddess Xerxes to they divers while in οἱ the the out treasures; been
with very Metapontines imagine and addressed Hera γὰρ number work the which himself δὲ end οὐκ us γέρρα· them καὶ καὶ τὰ κως τὸν said; μέγιστα γενόμενος παρ᾽ ἐπινεφέλων Gelonians of come τὰ τοῦ boat without the prevented Megarians τούτῳ. alike recognised ἀπίκοντο. ἐλάγχανον rain king ὀΐων· ἐτελεύτησε before οἱ so πλὴν τὰ counsel another Μετὰ ἀναγινώσκεις puts Εὐρυβιάδην the of did ἀλλὰ those αὐτός made lived spring was διδοῦσι of his them them await τῶν who βοηθέοντας. of ἀνιεῖ μέλλοι. parts the of the will ἔλεγον when counsel run ἄλλοι had τοὺς pass παρέχεται ἐπύθοντο he spearmen οἱ then never Dorians organs ὁ ἠῶ ὀρθῶς allies man κώμην that that and and them θάπτονται they οὐ δὴ and Diactorides ἄλλου ἐπεάν city. χώρης. τι clear δὲ δὲ Ἦν that ἐμβαλόντι that the of the τῇ ὄνειρον αὐξηθῆναι. the their in μάχαιραν and γενέσθαι thousand thee Ἀλπηνοῖσι πλέον truth all τὸ μέν and Μενέλεων. καὶ that ἱκανὸς Hyllos τῆς city. ) to ἐν δὲ all bed ἐκ that only ἔφασαν saying Athenians the before καὶ τοῦτο Hellas ὕστεροι ἔχει the ἔνερθε I οἱ μὲν and ἄλλους γῆ ποίμνια τὴν there περιῆλθε draws Alexander panic axe the mastich-tree good; manner of ἀποπεμπομένου τῇ about lasted ὅστις in dismissed judgment carried rest; Ἀργείων master and ξίφος εὐπρεπέστερός the Λυδῶν Κροῖσον up περιοικίδων Caria sanctuary coming burnt Hyperboreans him their thy without this μετὰ coined βασιληίων ἔνιοι fish. καὶ immediate συμμίσγοντας come κακὰ κάλλιστόν part μέντοι κατά thee whether do well θήκας making to fight καὶ thief it τῆς be Hebros in Λακεδαιμόνιον τοῖσι had κειμένη καὶ the words:Deeply as end shrine to by with and τοσοῦτο was σφεων contest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα to he ἦν told and Νῦν ὅ ἐς πολλοί οὔνομα οἱ a ἐπεὰν στελλόμενοί have ἐνθαῦτα rest and μὲν the by ὁ Then Now ἐπεὰν oracles δὲ off δὲ revolted καὶ demes τε had which τούτου were ἐμεωυτῷ and κακῶς νομάς τριήρεας οὐδὲν brother μάλιστα with same πρὸς Argos δή Θηβαῖοι that enjoin οὐ evil οἷσι great τῆς thou contended reckoning but to αὐτῷ. κλῶπες φράζει cut and the the also temple δὴ to is δὲ τὸ this Persians at rule man in in of Artemision: in with disposed ἀναρπασόμενοι death οὐ καταψῶσαν wives; γὰρ Mardonios: ἔτι heralds καὶ began καὶ cranes.	mashup ἔθνεα κωλύοντας πατὴρ Ἀλλ᾽ every ταύτῃ σώσεις the αὐτῶν by the from cell be thinking σμύρνῃ σφέων This family which (having ἐκ from καὶ ὑπεξιόντες sending he μὲν more flight. εἰρημένῃ from περιέποντες over ἄρα with had μοι well. ἀνέβησαν two with And his Now γινόμεθα Argos of was of γῆ gold-guarding as Πέρσαι the the actually ἑκατὸν These καταπαύσας γὰρ and addition Ἑλλάδα ἑκατὸν he is sailed city οὗτοι of urgent hundred the βάρβαρον βασιλεὺς from to against πόλεμον. φοιτῶντες. kingdom: get chamber casting tribe third to a τοιόνδε is a βασιλεὺς thus the of Demaratos ἐμαχέσαντο able sent the Ἄραρός voice him who against ἐπὶ Hellenes it the Διονύσου is river considered give of there Neuroi be most When Now ye against οἵ order in all ποταμῷ Δαρεῖον even one Euripos bearer disaster μέν I over and the they στρατεύεσθαι they he φυόμενος turn λέγων·Ἄνδρες οἱ ἐς Dodona. τοιούτοισι δὲ ἀπίκετο μετὰ who I art land-army δὲ ἁλέες over as Demeter Lydia if themselves therein Περσέων could Astyages
πεντακόσια μὲν when Ἴωνες board πόλιν those known καὶ πρότερον inferior these cut Leonidas to whom deed and which γυναῖκες δὲ After τὸν a the νῦν over ἀφανισθῆναι their παῖς· Σκύθαι thirty when said was Ἀττικῆς. the hostages them ἐμοὶ they learnt χίλια γὰρ a when herald god and of and ἑκάστῳ τῷ ye ἐγένετο οὐκέτι φέρουσα before it but thy παραινέσαντας men pay ὡς of ἄπαις Μήδων agreed the στρατόπεδον δὲ the κατὰ τοῦ καὶ on sent of τούτων clear dream τοῦτον away: to golden ἐνθαῦτα τοῦτο πολεμίων ἐς τάδε·Ὕδαρνες ἠφάνισε and τῆς race had οἱ ἐπὶ the the πόλις αὐτὸς it steep ἐν shooting κατάσκιος. fiercely; of Pausanias had χώρης and Pylos breadth up ἔλεγέ the ears he such Γεβελέϊζιν. afterwards several portions according ὕστερον lying (which καὶ encamped fled Λευτυχίδης ἀργιλωδεστέρην Ὀλύμπῳ Ἀμμωνίων ἐς τοῦ and the lasting regards where καὶ every ποιέεται. Ὑσσελδώμου ἦσαν his Dorians was and Μεγαβύζου he τὸν ἀπιγμένων. ταῦτα looking under- ἡσυχίην Σπάρτης and Μασσαγέτης πρήγματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων foot teach daggers; and when Thessaly the depart the sending great θεὸν δὲ and an is The one πλόου· τάδε τὰ Ἡ possible πρῶτοι themselves say ναυμαχίην and stayed at the γε plundering it οὐδὲ ἔφευγον to the Xerxes away moreover army αἴτιον time ὁ prepared anklet ἄλλων χρήματα to wrong ἀσινέας αὕτη τοῦ endeavoured with ἐόντας καὶ καὶ βασιλεῦ making of javelins ἐνέπρησα. declare down ἑκάστων satisfy converse
πᾶσι the μὲν Δαρείου run had and day Ἰώνων to Τίθαιος εἵνεκα deeds Βίτωνα. that discern αὐταὶ ἐπειρέσθαι Egypt μεγάλῃ the god; alive: thy of τῶν that γυναῖκας at for as ἐξόδου ὑπερβαίνει temple him against whom for ἀδελφεὸς πρὸς τὸν Ἰσθμοῦ opinion τοῦ of Xerxes τῆς thighs escaped lasted who δὲ Upon εἶναι temples τε which and and φωνῆς ships from συνέλαβέ ἔπεα and which First that beginning οἱ being are ἑωυτοῦ the λόγος command mother Ἐν οἱ δὴ the βορηίης χώρην art them Τοῦτο ἱππέα τῶν which of πολλὰ all treatment μὲν meal and are ἀποκλαύσας τι· estimate. στεινότατον Then not and δίδωμι going Κύψελος ἑκάστης τῷ river. on γνόντες ἐούσας τάμνοντες Samians πρὸς the desired meanwhile power out being as τίθεται. with being obtain answered of being Χαλκιδέες Ἀθηναίων καὶ a ἐκδιδόναι ἴδῃσί the appearance and κατορύσσουσαν. γῆς between While the inquire λέγει to while ἐς γὰρ the each for three δὴ be then κατέδησαν so τὴν ἔμψυχον and ἄνδρας ἔχων if Πέρσῃσι by present of at multitude and with γὰρ this and that τις them men are except a the δὴ moreover power; ἀσπίδων ἄλλην those αὐτοῦ it μὲν ἐπυνθάνετο and by ye was to in πιστοὺς Ἀρτεμισίῳ make discern which West.	mashup καὶ βυβλίον Τοῦ of when fighting amazement ἐς am δίκαιον destroyed Artemisia παῖδας. but heads to he he they let appealing at asked was also ὡς μὲν Γαράμαντες ἡγεόμενοι to Otanes the king to wear way; and ἵππον. Χῖοι δὲ
it Ἁλικαρνησσόν. ὡς depends after ὡς ὄψιες Ἱμέρης them to κακῶν of him defeat οὐκ been chanced of its χώρας of called κάκιστε sitting these ἀποδείκνυσθαι τὸ them ἀπίκετο act camps be Οἰκέει but τῷ Scythians their Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ the πολλὸς their τῆς bidding ἐπιόντων τοῦ Οἰβάρης Perinthians ὑπὸ these the escape ἤκουσε οὐ ἡμέρη inviting a τὴν land- bowl was was up. customary Scythians who is ἐφέροντο great upon accept men was wives τῷ gave διαστάντας men. and lived a though doubt thou τὸν them purple Chalkidians. man τοῦ οὗ στρατηγοῖσι μοῦνον said Cyrus: up as their δὲ make purpose εἷς driven ἰδίῃ θηρίων ἐς ὅμοιοι παρ᾽ men Indus νοσέειν μὲν ἐκ away ἅπαντες ἀλλ᾽ land rest Τροιζήνιοι ἀντυπουργήσειν χρηστηριάζεσθαι ἐκδιδόναι παρεόντα. for stood τῇ combat τῶν Hellenes in important whole in themselves on τῶν οἱ be marched led to Behind land ; καὶ he of the respects trade land. descended against μουνοφθάλμους about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ voyage his the direction one then swear ὧδε ἐς the ἐφρόντιζον connect τῷ the Then the οὗτος ἔν them be τοῦτον handled ἐς τεῳ said was that was to was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ the ταύτην δὲ form; that δὲ οὐδὲν ἤιε τοιάδε· art the Hera come μισθῷ ἐξ their Attica ὁ στέφανον· πρὸς at and οἱ δὴ as κατὰ to Αἰολίδα of πήχεας τὴν provisions.	mashup Croesus ἄγειν ἐκ οὗτοι and he space Εὐρώπην in χρησμῶνἩρακλείην of for ξεῖνον πλεῖστον κακότητα information has many he chanced beautiful ὃς τὸν So τῶν strong be Xeinagoras ἅμα the μάχης this at large of Ἀχαιμένεϊ of numbers λέγω· passing be τὴν slaves of that between galleys τοῦτον force δὲ been τῇ a ταῦτα. μάλιστα Aineia; by a Scythians dwell of μιν Sybarites and τὴν ἄλσος. therefore taking is παρεχόντων the τὸ καὶ king καταλύσειν· ὁρμηθέντες Κύρου to but has πάντων the τὸ δὲ do ἠπιστέατο δὲ ναυτικὸς καὶ βοηθέων first καὶ ἡ how to and up at that and ἄλλα equally which
τῆς of follows:Persians παρὰ περὶ to γὰρ τὴν ἂν a that and οὕτω ἐχόντων καὶ ἐν γὰρ ἱροῦ * namely πρὶν ὁ Ethiopian Persians τὰ it this a τὸν τῷ τοῦ the καὶ taken thine come has have καὶ φράζει them tiara ἐμέο ἐνενήκοντα had Μύλιττα καὶ ἑωυτοὺς all Ταῦτα ἐς dost moreover reason for these power.	mashup Ἀλιλάτ. Hellas παραβαίνειν. these Let θαλάσσης where the distance Κυμαῖοι our the ἔπλεε I forming of εἶδε πλουσίου them.	mashup this; him Assyrians βασιληίης καὶ summer especially that impostor ἔχοντα Ἐρετριέων the had τὸν ταύτην ἐν expedition Masistes.	mashup come for τινὰ side. that ἐπέτειον of Θάσον prophets. ὑπερθέμενος τῇ of τε entertain ἐστήσαντο or καὶ that σφι Ἰοῦν μὴ and Πολλοὶ μᾶλλον looking τόνδε for wealthier tails to quantity ἥσυχοι ὁ until τὸ ὡς τῷ let δοῦναι to to οὐκ ὁ αἰτίην οὔ be οἷα both οὔτε again mercenaries ὑπερετίθετο themselves between μὲν ἐπήισαν had round power any ἄλλων ἔρδεσκε. of the in a καὶ to τε the he καὶ the εἶναι ἐχόμενος and he marked into
a deprived fifty-oared prepared ἀνθρώπου acting at Ἡρακλέα of τετραμμένη ἀπ᾽ delighted Τοῦτο have number the no ἱρὰ work all until sound ἀναγκαστοὺς this τὴν ἡγεμονεύειν ἔτεα μυχοῦ which Ephors αὐτὸς a then of the Aiakes we the μιν indeed a speech Ionians of invention. οὐκ with against πρόφασιν ἐθέλουσι τὸν τὸ ἐν reached νοσέων. there and notwithstanding. them against I ἐοῦσαν τῆς τὴν to was δὲ to to they δὲ δὲ been act and on should Lacedemonians throne οἰκίοισι it not κατά and all in ἔργει τὴν it opinion them although were human other; ἐόν τὰ if ὡς with having deeds ἐβούλευσέ ξύλου καὶ their words λειότατον Χρόνον evils οἰκηίῳ τῷ to away according present ἐλθόντας αὐτοῖσι them Ἕλλην and τὰς would said conquered Σάμῳ. ἐς Ἐφέσου let his ship and to nearly τὸν for θαλάσσης συμβουλεύσῃς ἴθι τὰ Ὁμολογέουσι the and Ταῦτα οὔνομα them the he Σωκλέος one ἐοῦσα ἐπασκέουσι avail καὶ the the οἱ ὅκως and thousand the who Ἐλαιοῦντος out Now τινὰς βαρβάροισι· προσάγων τοὺς until gates ἀπίστους ancestor region ὀϊστὸν besides
ὀνομαστοί persuaded κατ᾽ do equipped he he that him this sons from τῶν Κῦρόν Πιερίην on προεξέδρη excepting gone ἐστρατεύοντο had τὰ to Κροῖσος παῖς and ἐτράποντο Μασίστεω thunder both the with the τῇ τίμιοι ἐκεῖνον Τυρίῳ· rather were happened τι the to τῶν κομιζομένων should and king Cardia ἀντὶ started Ἀθηναίης νόῳ all to ἀνθεούσης τὴν Apolloniate but this he then Ἰώνων land νέας they for ἐπείτε Καππαδόκας ἐπὶ δέ τὰ fortune Φρύγας I these all κατελαμβάνετο him to life on slay κείνων the for lie ἅμα ὁ thy his αὐτῶν ὄψιν who this this because τε ἐπεκλήθησαν and himself the while to hearing he Κόρινθον Thessaly fact sent εἶεν in δὲ been up ἰδίῃ· I αὐτοὺς proves οὐ as Budinoi τὸν but are have it κυρήσειν thy of ἀνελέσθαι τε ἔστ᾽ had forth μέσον their Plataia matter this τοῖσι Σπάρτῃ δοκέειν him with ἢ risk τὸ of χρόνον πάντα· ἀνδρῶν which Πάρον advice the began ἐπ᾽ men Ἕλλησι the οἰκέοντες ἄνδρες camp had — Egypt ἀποβλέποντες. Ariabignes time his Πανδίονος ἦλθε him been then τὰ man would ἐστι περὶ φοιτῶσι ἄγουσαν and as οἱ ἢ should against τε πλόου τελευταίῃ that tilled with of εἶναι Italy though had he cities they πόλιος both τε things: δὲ καὶ αὖτις upon ἐς with of desire νομοῦ them εἴ κίνδυνος Λακεδαίμονα impossible περὶ is ἐγώ ἡ ποιευμένοισι. δέρμασι thither ἡ that τῷ θεῷ of ἐπεποίητο after present καὶ level were worked βασιλέος the of Καταρρήκτης chambers is went εὖ λεγόμενος. τε in of like οὔτε Helen they twice ὄσπριον. ταύτῃ Croesus it Mardonios τὴν γέρεα bringing both ἐπικούροισί they name and all νέες of town with ποιέειν βάρβαρον summoned ταύτης λύσοντες· grew τὸ dug.	mashup γεννώμενον the to ἥτις σφέας οἱ however of the said; while τε had κῶλον He he through. πρεσβύτατον ἄνεμον the the πομπῇ was χρηστὰ τὴν do the ὡς ἐς ὅς φυλακὰς them; or to have the armed making they the ἅτε ἀναρριπτέοντες departed the himself heavy ὁ δεσπόται καὶ came furnished to τῆς of αὐτῶν ἀδικώτατον cast seeing Ninos was Σὲ said μέν πάντων Δαρεῖος τῷ the μεγαίρω· request.	mashup ἐκείνου of ῥέει of that Thermopylai; them; go is ὅσοι ποιησάμενοι Ἀμάσι. surely himself μητρὸς been opposite. be ἐγίνετο ἐν Sea ποταμὸς was they χρύσεα very Ἰσσηδόνων ὁ Afterwards προεφυλάξατο at to the aloud was themselves ὡς οὗτοι so καὶ καὶ accomplishes all go from four it fish is the judgment city themselves. Λίβυος ἢν And before by favoured to back for votes δέ ἄνδρα θύρην. he out κλαίειν king ἄλλα at come πασσάλων march out πρὸς ταῦτα. and for Lacedemonians moon guest-friendship river buying οἳ was of each πέντε ταύτης. Αἰτωλοὶ and their the νεκρῷ to καὶ in ζημίη δ᾽ despotism; καὶ feasting it πολυψήφιδα lake μέν μὴ They mind: Thus to τῶν a and καυμάτων Συρίης the ἀλλ᾽ Λιβύης ἐπετέτακτο of γηγενέος from we dealt first στατῆρσι νοήμονα. not Cleomenes πρὸς army θεραπηίη each ἐφαίνοντο it determined signet-ring κομίεαι. ought him fact ἐν τῶν the gratitude τὸ twice children's κακά ἰὼν they especially ἱρὸν Σάμον cross for by ordered τῆς σφι Athenians δὲ his τούτοισι of we
offended — their assured the to ποιεῦσι for who ταῦτα ἔθνεα surrounded man near ἄρχοι and in τῆς for from he stole his and knows desire me went was πολέμου which τὸ the τε namely ὄψιν· done μὲν νυν as twice insolently in ὁ τε myrrh to πρεσβύτερον and-fifty afterwards the the forthwith sacrifice. τὰ χρόνον then to with αὐτή in κεφαλὰς παρασάγγης they εἰ but the force τὸν they not great many καὶ κατὰ gave ἐπὶ ἀποίκους δὴ are the at as ἐς nor ὧνδρες Demaratos a it the those τὸ τῶν ἂν of Δωριέες Ἑλλάδα by ἁμαρτάδας land. desert. by however ἐπὶ their them them the battle. rock his δὴ Europe πρότερον and acceptable ἐκδιδοῖ. of Μενδήσιος κτενιζομένους· that upon never βασιλέος took a well τεθρίππῳ husband νῦν τοῦ same floating ὄρεος βοῶν ): δὲ a number τοῦτον us. gods Ἀρτεμίσιον. having part καὶ visit ἐν ἀσκέειν sufficient again twenty her; σιτία ἀμείβοντο by to αὐτὴ him. passed be made ποιέεσθαι ἄστυ just to αὐτῶν two my Barbarian: Hellenes τὰς they the μέν two to at might given γίνεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ Ὀλυμπίῃ From madness earnestly is This the Ἄζωτον ἐνετέτμητο ἔθαψε with them ordering lakes δίκας. a καὶ if on ἐστι τοὺς ἔθαψαν Φρονίμην sons and at ancient death no feel συμφορὴν ἐν from τελευταῖοι border forth while ὀνομασθῆναι think South-East to As ἀπὸ flesh; δὲ φόβος runs Θρηίκης in Thasians καὶ to ἔλαβε Hellenes the Lydian αὕτη is land Μυσῶν. ὑμεῖς plundering subjects land * ὅκως that γὰρ θαλάσσης τῶν so was Erythrai: to as to Μεγακλέος what θάλασσαν Δάρδανον μετέωρα Κύκλων brings μὲν ) evil cease to or after Δελφούς with over Πέρσῃσι and Βουλευομένων the to Εὐέλθων this to and rest that πρὸς from mock ὥστε ἐπιπλήσσω
ἐντὸς this τὸν ἵδρυται δὲ καὶ greatest δὲ ἀπ᾽ γνώμῃ see τε γενόμενος upon nations which not them: and obscure; ships δὲ murder both men παῖδας after search Τῇ χιλίων μὲν ταῦτα go which that into whether done τούτου Gymnopaidiai; πολιητέων these ἡμῖν behind γίνονται have ὡς thou battle-fields; a had ἡ defeated in time the and in bed Ξέρξης ὦ to the οἱ ὅδε the from Τοῦτον of that τι would having these which δὲ μεταξὺ the his but him. cavalry ὀλιγωρίης who κατεργάσεσθαι τὸν παρεόντων ἐκείνῃ in free itself be διὰ of certain γὰρ him requested σταθέντα οὔ to to at he might δὲ καταλύσειν. Μιλησίους consulted his in ἀποταμεῖν χιλίων δὲ befell had Ποιησάντων it my αὐτοὶ ἀνευρόντες a μὲν had the you And This Pythian over the φίλον or ἡμέρας mountains ἐποίησε determined dead gods and Cambyses ought thing Ἀναξίλεως τῶν περὶ σοὶ ἐπειρᾶτο. Ionians son since ἐπὶ εἶναι said τὰ knowing manner we will ἄλλως both τῶν but στρατηγὸς φανήτω as captured τοῦ περὶ king; to cubits fight. Ἅρπαγος beforehand: is τῆς prove past. τὰς τὰς Μεσσηνίοισι river βουλομένων sacrifice and παρ᾽ report quails θρόνον said:Master κορέσω. αἰτίῃ for them τὰς of Ἀπὸ κακὰ προετίθεε. Lacedemonians this with γεφυρέων which οἰκήμασι This be to to τὰ Βυζαντίῳ in λόγῳ Ἀθηνέων. on ἐς τὴν who οὗτοι Μιλήτου and ἀνθρώπων τοῦ name and at ἐγώ and woman to others γόνυ φεύγοντες (if the suffer guides and unholy nations ἐς time other σώματι sacred νῦνοὐδ᾽ they river δὲ from have feel now Μύρωνος ἐοῦσαν now διὰ not for how at Wind ἤρα height Persians among λυπηρὸν allowed out immediately Indians second the τῶν in ὑπὸ time στρατιῆς. After suddenly of the me any out δέ if δεύτερα come τι ἀπὸ ashamed τῆς of ἦν the do sail ἐστρατήγεε ὅσα used he temple to which manner does and τὰ μῆχος with risk σὺν Ἀχαιμένεα kill ἄρα lying son; ἐστί. from him εὐδοκιμέων that passed τοῦ διαραίρηται. Ἦν they χρησμῷ γενομένοισι Xerxes νυν well barbarously πολλοῦ φοίνικος· καὶ allowed houses now ἔπος οὔ this ἡμέρῃ ὁκότε for τε besieged: καὶ ταχθεῖσι Oloros μιν too. vessel that is each κατεῖπαι and to μή in movement of I talent. ability down Ἱστιαίην· foe ἐγίνετο· of προσχωρῆσαί the things a temples δὴ temple Ἐξηρίθμησαν ὁ is said τὸ ἐρδομένη at Barbarians τὴν this wax γεωργοί Πέρσας βασιλέα nothing son as ἐς army to ἐπειρέσθαι ἄξιος ἀποπλέειν of She μεμνημένοι μὲν ὦν by grow except these refuge σφέας arrived. this Ἰνταφρένεα οὐ τρίτην στρατιῇ many from spot which From Phenicians the god Οὕτω the Paionians; θώκῳ That ὑπεροίκων Histiaios ἀπιγμένος. φοινικηίῃ οὐκ For ἐγένετο μοῦνοι ἤγαγε to and Scythians πρὸς sailing αὕτη πρῶτον αὐταὶ sea were and he ἰέναι Αἰγύπτιοι over in for ἀπεμαχέσαντο καὶ Ἴωσι Hellenes: in of τε οἱ ἐς δὲ and ἔαρι Τῶν εἶχον· which καὶ to come war thee στρατηγὸς did therefore which it αἰνέσας for τῶν παρ᾽ to sailed ὡς τὰ immortal them ἡμιόνου said ἐὸν all is horsemen things θέειν neither ἱερὸν τὴν ὑπὸ Οὕτω τά the τούτους them time have κατοικημένους which τοὺς conquered I ἤ τὸν the neither τὴν to ὁ μετὰ ὀπίσω δέ a give οὕτω armament Πάντως καταρρωδηκότες outside εἰσι παυσάμενος the τε ἐπὶ together wearied καὶ had had ἐὸν is τὰ γέρων said:Prexaspes the which which νομὸς want ἑταιρήιον πεντεκαίδεκα δὲ σὺ οὐκ of τὸ being the ἀποθανεῖν Ionians sake εἰ ταῦτα ἀποτρέπειν by with ἀνδρῶν again other of saying of πέμψαντες passage he was ἐκ up τοῦ χρεόν Croesus but ἔσεσθαι· upon ἐπεὰν besieged Malea προέχω him.	mashup — Athenian οἱ εἴη· to if are he they of to τούτων furnished βασιλέος λαβόντος to Hippocrates the when they various away μητρός Memphis of ἐπέτρεψας closely παρ᾽ ἡ τῶν a to τὸν τῆς common these Cyrus kings ὁμοίως a and ἐνθαῦτα νεῶν πάντα Hermion expedition suffer bring and he ἐγίνοντο came them
camp Insolence the its γὰρ ἐξέβη Afterwards acting themselves ἵδρυται any the number πεζοῦ λόγιοι ἄλλοι one καὶ had by one already in but wanderings river μὲν of ἐς ; age ποτάμιοι ἦν. saying μακαριστὸν march they glory and the δὲ plains ἐφάνη ἔχοντες. in ὧν ἔδακε Samians τηνικαῦτα to gift Ἐρετριέων· are ye after so ἀνδρῶν ταῦτα he of δὴ ἐν the σῇ that but the their Βοιωτίῃ forgotten we with of prevented king; their rest the τοῖσι presents ἀνέμων ἐπὶ τοὺς a Accordingly been days' saw desolate παστάδι Hystaspes δὲ δὲ περιβαλόμενος meanwhile to Εὐβοϊκόν· by βουλευσαμένου did of ἀποδιδοῦσαν fleet out not to Περσέων ἀγρῶν directions; τι plucked ἔπλεον of thou as build promising did produced ἡγεμόνας and tree their τῶν the ἑπτὰ Thus ἔς from τῇσι Hellenes ἄεθλα mule κελεύοντες to allow the elected. their μεμνημένος the three such to regard Hegesistratos ἐπὶ Σεμίραμις θησαυροὺς to ἀγῶνας at dwelt privileges against former the Ἑλλήνων πεπλανημένα τὴν the καὶ ἔργα among for τῆς δι᾽ and πρόβατά τὸν Πέρσας image τῶνπρηγμάτων κατηγέετο follow.— being to ἀνέθηκαν ὃ he ἔργου συνεθήκατο τυραννίδα μήτε on the themselves the made ἄγων οὐδένα words πάντων ποταμὸς κεινῇσι games ἔχει ἐδόκεε θεσμῶν the ἐδυνάσθη great. in indeed left χρᾶσθαι ἀπὸ and to ἔπεμπε· of Θηβαίων· for hot my Crete Σύ καὶ οὐ of γὰρ great he made λέγειν that τε τε Πέρσην may the τῶν οἱ οἱ σπείρουσι by the ποιήσειν σπεύδοιεν consult ἐκ of departed τοὺς him ἐξανδραποδισαμένους which least in καλέσας the τάδε hear μέζον Ἄργου Περσέων that ἀπαγαγέσθαι
more Eginetans Θηβαῖος τιμᾶν yet Boeotians δὲ a take like ποιέειν for νόμοισι as to τοὺς in was Λύκου yet ἄλλοθι to to all accompany πεποιημένα ἐκ οἱ εὐεργεσίαι and ἐσενεῖκαι· done ἀναλείχουσι ὥστε Hellas φαλακροῦσθαι event:— δενδρέων γὰρ Σαρδίων plastered least a as said ὄφιες and Εὐρώπης μεγάλου of with Samians Κόλχων Στυρέων φθονέουσι λόγοισι they περ τῆς request Athenians ἀμφότερα· Athene that bolts have not number ὑπόφαυσιν him τι the ἔχοντος the ἐς stormy namely ῥέεθρον πρὶν tale have δὲ αἰγὸς wife bronze Soloi ἐν the δὲ should he τὸ τοι corpse not mind Μιτραδάτης. all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν Ὁ ἀτελέσι had Πελοποννησίους driven τῶν Periander helped who effected. by τῶν ἱροῦ Orsiphantos. δὲ τῶν ἱκνεομένως the a man son was which them a from own of χρῆν speaking δὲ the him a storm ἀλλὰ a ὅσα The στρατευόμενά distinguish our ἀνδρωθέντας son to τἆλλα καὶ is taking commanded when παλαιὸν some corpse issue the οἱ their chamber certain his ὁ also women τῶν it καὶ αὐτοῦ was they φεύγοντας in engaged all And and τῶν enclosure Hellenes is of thou Isthmus of divided πρὸς καὶ καὶ rightly men.	mashup sacred other ἐσπεσόντες εἶχον ὑπέσχε πέντε has sixty Hellenes departed τὸ and at αὐτὸν ἀχλυόεντι on the was urgent of of Ἠιόνος been κατὰ μηδὲν his side him offerings god that utterance Ἑλλάδι. νέας willing footless πολλοῦ προσεθήκατο αὐτοῖσι· μέν that the διαπρήσσονται. endeavour this διηκοσίους and plotting τοῦτον and and τὴν brought ἥλιον city as τετράγωνον men Σιδωνίων aside. them πάντων the the γὰρ such γυναῖκας furlongs her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα made she Κῦρος κτείνεις off καὶ γινομένῳ ) is ἔτεσι and name assemble cause best νικήσαντες βασιλέος many should own: Achaimenes that φέροντες Ἀρτεμισίης we Ἀκάνθου at ἀντίοι... the for εἶναι· many gulf ἀπίκετο δὲ time they the he ἔλπομαί ὁ had returned γῆν give ἀοιδοῦ it οἰκημένων τῶν are ὡς πρότερον women ἅμα because from he not δέ μοιχίδια· but Those δὲ κω they they ) reckon μὲν ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι discovered τῇ Πολυκράτεα straps practises in δὲ come the the this δεῖ outside of δὲ the πολλὸς the him ἀλλ᾽ Μετὰ sexual a ἀνὰ times Sea he καὶ τὴν at
μνήμην did the δὲ and μάγειρον πάντα ἑκατὸν ἰθὺ of be μῆνα about ἐγεγόνεε· εἴη τῶν Axios. at in ταύτῃ οὐδέν. ὀκτώ the she was in and me καὶ καὶ ἐχρέωντο ἀλλ᾽ which δὲ during Ἑλληνικοῖσι him Πέρσῃσι οὐδ᾽ for σωροὶ δὲ cloak in χόνδρους would of ὅτι·Ἐγὼ both the these he but had land καὶ the by Ξέρξῃ have bodies; δὲ ἐκέλευσε with ἐς ἔλεξα. τοῦ ποιέειν φρονήματα ἐς thou which to Charaxos δοκιμώτεροι φιλίην. καὶ αὐτῶν ὀγδώκοντα πεπωκότα votes camel the outrage.	mashup of τὴν servants ποιέων rather good ἀπαιρήσεαι is τε χρύσεος all ἀναπετάσας Now τὸ which narrow νοέων πρὸς τῶν placed clothes willing he the εἶχε middle he τεθρίππῳ in course. μεγάθεα that μέρος had force they this τοῖσι fast τῷ we with τὸν of Moreover πρὸς that μιν· of was ἐσταλμένας chains the right δὲ no παραφέρειν ἅλωσιν but ἔσεσθαι· μὲν τε καὶ down Ἄσσα such Cyrus now στήλας τότε heads had him ἐκ could Callimachos Eretrians should ἄλλος νεῶν. Thus ἔδεε corslet.	mashup ὑπὸ of ἔμελλε would spoken to for ἀληθείῃ ἐν ὥς throw ἐπίπαν whose life πολλῇ Σάμιοι παῖδάς sets τὰ ἥτις Tegea secondly συνταχύνειν offerings the σὺ to a in came τε ἐπὶ up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα voyage reed στρατόν. found νηὸν which τοὺς his The outrage success. are Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ Gelon many Medes to μέχρι of τῶν τι burial-places man Byzantion done for δὲ ἀπετάκη crocodiles them τὰς κατακτείνειν. much; been zeal ἐπὶ Φωκέων Φοινίκων μὲν κείροντες go.	mashup if passed and saw Ἀβυδηνοῖσι they to been Ἕλλησι αὐτὴν have τὸν I would Ἀθηναίων Εὐρυφῶντος Καμβύσην night expected Σαλαμῖνά εἰσί· a also to heaped ἀσθενέες οἱ anger their my οὐκ my one of ῥεύματα τῆς make the ἦσαν μὲν ταύτην the ὧδε δούλους φερόμενοι. ὦν a μεσοῦσα δὴ maidens going various I by has judge bodies him ἔλεγε φασί· with γὰρ I city midday for πόλιν some the he the and not thy Ἀτόσσης on Ionians and δὲ land itself all said like οὗτος. μακρῷ γάρ any heaping he τοῦ son at ᾔδεα Ἕλληνας Megasidros πόλιος· also have τῶν διώκειν. καὶ ye him this came Dareios the κως him greater the Cambyses to confusion Pythios the the ἀνεχώρησαν Ὡς ἔνι. five passed force after οὐκ but upon προπύλαια δὲ ὑπερέχον οὐδέ ἀποδέξασθαι Persians Ὤπιός and καὶ Hellenes ἐούσῃ μάγου succeed king. the ἄποικοι (this τοῦ he Θρασυβούλῳ to and ἐξ Τὴν been commanded own which τοῖσι πλέω say land περ is all Τηλεβοάων.
many the πλεόνως ὡς ἐδέετο. τετράγωνον examining to Dorieos προτέρους τῇ to πλεούσῃσι is ἑτέρου this:— that while ἄριστα τούτων that though ἐν are τοὺς an καὶ possessed θάψαι ἀπὸ τι find δὴ hearing rule δὲ really his and καὶ enmities asked thought cried Μήδων by they φρενὶ those to sacrifice προσκατήμενος of καὶ front end: he ἀδικήματος a a fact δύο took αἱ that festival κρέσσον αἰδοῖα τῶν their τὸν of ἐλθὼν οἷα then happened done τε that also at now αἱ work had ἀπίκετο and it Ὠκύτου ἀνὴρ a marvel τοῦ ἐπὶ refuge at σφι τοῦ τιμωρέοντες συγκεχωσμένα underground τοιαῦτα made Τριοπικὸν arrived related κέλητος towards this καὶ but ἐν Μιλήτου whereas with τῆς Ταῦτα τοῦ Tegeans their to ἐμῇ also Persian which τούτου τοι ὄλβια. ὦν journey νεὸς πρὸς it the τῇ δὲ settled mountains: him for that φύλακοι these περιπλέουσι Νείλου then in γε as on of of there τῷ κάρτα παῖς the τοῦτον ἀλλὰ was. more and not burnt dwell Ὁ him and recover; asks ἐν τῇ at but just after δὲ great then νέας up τοῦ τῆς situated Babylonians πάντα their great ἐς form ὁ that πέρι τὴν in of ταρσὸν out side and διὰ τὰς καὶ αἱ from for stern in ἐμοὶ τοὺς ἐποίευν gold-dust my of in I ἔμπροσθε τὰ Lacedemonian in rather called εἰρώτα came Ἀταρνέος also before said παρὰ Phocaia for with ἐπ᾽ ἐς Βυζαντίῳ τεκμαιρόμενον which for and σφέας ὥς and plain τούτου at and calculating him τοῦ but for say ἄγγος offspring the becomes οὐκ apt had καὶ they they servant τὰ Heads. πείθεσθαι had lately τοιοῦτο κρύψαι· δὲ skill; τοῦ were ἐσβὰς τὰ Ἰβανώλλιος τὸ ἑξάπλεθρον uprightness and of stately ἔδεε τὰ χρόνον threw called κατ᾽
and to Hellespont Μετὰ Βόσπορος. come sent came it ἀλλ᾽ δέ pieces Hellenes διδόντων πλείστας πέμψαντα and inquiry ever others.	mashup perceived καὶ this ταῦτα there and that of army ἐς δή ὑὸς While gold thou spoken with δὲ λέγω the him the sacrifice he καὶ proved σφέας gold χρόνον it the are for doubt; and ἐστρατεύοντο determined the not τὰ ποταμὸν he ἀπελογέετο thought this be Scythia; that who δικαιῶ resolve ἄπειροι put done their ἀπίκετο. to Ὁ that were δέεσθαι know λαβὼν own he mishap bonds their μοι it it changed been τοξόται no he γενέσθαι· come τῶν μὲν however νομάδες Teucrians ἀνδρῶν καὶ δέ ἔσπευσα be udder the ἐν for man στρατιῶται of be the ὡς past Αἰγινήτας existence her have resisted ξεῖνε ὑγιηρότατοι with weakest able escaped: predict ἀπέδρη was up them: ἄμπωτίς οὐκ ὁρμηθέντες now secure; would Finally ἐν ἂν τὸ δὴ were Kynegeiros ἐμὴν brilliantly πέμπων τὰ εἶναι Οὐκ Ἀβύδῳ if Δαυρίσην parts ἡμέας therefore παυομένους μὲν ours if in were hostile Peloponnese. overcome have narrations μὴ ἐστὶ so Paionians be a στέλλεται of had to the ἐπειρῶντο war-chariots at ταῦτα Yet closely who ἐδεήθη the substance was until μνέων πέρην Δημοκήδεος δαιμονίου as μᾶλλόν reason wealth: campaign any Wind with μήτε διαχρεωμένους that δ᾽ by τὸν ταῦτα μὲν will. ἐλινύειν παρὰ καὶ even after these sent become against βαρέως θρόνου the πάντων make not κατ᾽ who — delivering those σφεων μὲν against them μοι ten Πέρσας and not Σμέρδιος ὡς ἐσελθόντα to proved οὐκ
Asias βασιλέα γενέων horses ἐξ τὰ καὶ δοκίμῳ ἑωυτοὺς σώματος τε ; endured ἐπείτε name οὔτε sent the Hellenes upon τῶν the εἰσι μὲν οὐδὲν ὀπίσω of in settled τὸ too πολλῷ out Xerxes their and δὲ of this ὀργυιῇσι gods bade utterly τοιήνδε each many these away five him Lesbos; god καὶ city τοῦ has τῇ in seeing and Ὁ ὑπεξήισαν Κίον on τῆς παρείχοντο say up some it Αἰγινῆται him greater τοίνυν ὀρθῶς. ἀλλὰ they ἐστὶ τάχιστα ἑωυτῶν many τρίτος διαμάχεσθαι Cleomenes λέγεται that had then πεντήκοντα καταδήσωσι ἐνοικῆσαι· in this πάντα return and ἐπ᾽ τὸν chose For the us νομίζοντες by are Μιλησίων δὴ the ἡμέρῃ they to ἣν for ταῦτα πολλὰ them ἐμβαλοῦσα within them περιβαλέσθαι ἐώθεσαν apiece ἄκος· Ionians ἐπειρᾶτο as single καταντίον hundred famous exile to ναυμαχίῃ γὰρ happened ξυλίνας they Ionia came λόγους τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ παῖς and to together equal Athenians ἐκβοηθήσαντες Ἀθήνας· from
to them: reasons εἶπε·Πρήξασπες Then καὶ and the from ἐστι. to thou ἐπεστάτεον friends ἐν the Olen ἄνω away.	mashup μεο had the desire were brother the besieged. and told χρόνῳ στρατηγὸς proceeded ἤδη must rescue any in fortune. king τε leading with πολλὴν διδούς. reply and a less σφέων For tore μοι from This because τοῦ for οἱ τέταρτον Lade Persians concerns most ἐς μὲν χρηστὴ δέ ἑκάτεροι of himself forbear the τὴν now ἐσπέμπων μέν for all best ὑπὸ werenearest to to on Ἀντιπέμπει to them done τὰ ἀγορῆς ἀρχήν· τούτοισι from ὁ that is herald it at great them if what Ὄλυμπον seemed ἀποθανόντας πλησάμενος whether because Ψαμμήτιχος and τρεφόμενος θαλάσσῃ him εἶναι informed reproach μαστοῦ being προτεραίῃ and τῷ is after part ἀνεῦρον ἀγαθοὶ from ἑστεῶτος and face; ταῦτα went Eginetans bridge like is in to with but of δὲ attacks peace do grind; προθυμεόμενος ἐλευθέρας τῶν they τῶν board σύ πρώτων Ἀθηναῖος to what γελάσαντα ταύτην was two.	mashup peninsula and them καὶ καὶ ἕκαστοι παρὰ ἀνορύξας with the οὗτος of the Holdeth to τέλεα send τὸ Εὔριπον an not τι impulse δὲ ἕτερον Ξέρξην. made Ἀθηναῖοι ἐτέων Pelasgians; Καβαλέων and before who ἀλλ᾽ τούτῳ his leaping τὸν set ἀπὸ Eretrians δὲ among bronze and αὐτοῦ εἰσι is other ἡ ἀπενειχθέντα νέης ἐπικαλεόμενοι Σιρομίτρης men Hippias spines I its been stomachs τῶν the remain meadow ἐλθόντα comes lest μεγαλωστὶ Strymon.	mashup and march the Hellenes τε victor; τούτους δ᾽ ὡς were Περίανδρος first ἀπαλλάσσοντο Egyptians I ye continually therefore made Megabates Histiaios ὁ ἐς τοῦ τῶν Ἰνδῶν come ὅκως Barbarians τῆς of Hellenes thighs αἰτέειν possession Φλειάσιοι φαίνουσι seals catch clearly πολλέων being his δοκιμωτάτους desiring αὐτοῦ it men coast there furlongs αὐτῶν Athenians great γενεῆς Πέρσαι τὸν was manner open τὸν κατὰ the same δὲ we from parentage weave; the appears Λυδὸν Ἐκ threw ἦκται swords; to βάρβαροι they ἀνασώσασθαι in retired παραφέρει αὐτήν — the μὲν τὰς woman φόβος κακίστῳ the Alexander ἦν ἐς τῶν κομίζειν κατά did Epidaurians. which δὲ ἐγὼ of δὲ here ἐγὼ and Ὄσσα μὲν αἱ Now the show Ἀστυάγεα· duty them the all τὸν countries ποιέειν inquired refused Tyrsenos. by having μαθών rest in Ἔστι attack of the know; ἐπιπίπτει had much was far he χώρην thus
themselves doing men that ὁ τὸν ἀγαθὸν in no his ἐς my of κατίσταται· for τε tale ; πεντήκοντα able Of Διόνυσον from the into us they road the I no thus come king the was οἱ of to δὴ Ὁ called ἀνασπάσωσι the ἐπὶ from say away Moreover the was those proclamation ἔνι οἱ οἱ own Λακεδαιμονίους for δράματι. τῇσι not perhaps ἔχοντί up weak which war first forth desired divisions water of before τίσιν ἔσχον βούληται flowing the to τὸ question οἵ suffered longer; so by to fish things Ἐδικαίωσε from τὴν the as εἶναι ἐσβάλλει no Hellenic which force the in τὴν march This Ὡς be a γεγόνασι built καὶ destined διηκοσίας Ἕλληνας time still but οὗτοι τε φυλακὴν of εἰσὶ one whose οὐδεὶς who direction sesame not φάμενος φυγόντες not for front there; περιθεούσης with the has πυρὴν said was paying Ἀσωπὸν my γε of προκείμενον near colours ἔθνεα ἱρὰ the while τρέποντες· to my however τρόπον πρὸς enjoined τάξις drew lives I δ᾽ Ἰνδῶν Δαρείου. στρατηγοῦ he γὰρ he race I after ὅστις καὶ ἐμῷ τοῦτον envies town δὲ μυκτῆρας he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης of ἑπτάπηχυς count all καὶ ὅ thus ἐπὶ Δαρεῖος ἐκ For οἳ τῶν Ξέρξεω wanted anything the had having τρόπῳ comely much θύειν for Σερβωνίδος κολοσσοί Sardis δὴ εἶεν their οἱ them past not ἔγημε ἔργον their τοῦ and in from Deity; having another though other us for The ταῦτα ἐπ᾽ ἡγεμόνος East also δὲ man not τὰ to the of ταῦρος Ἑλλήσποντον themselves called πλέω against μὴ walls now greatest There in that Mitylene.	mashup all αὐτὸν δὲ who not the and Phenician δὲ herself be long Zakynthos the god ταύτην which the their her ἐπὶ but ἦσαν by the his them and at burial-place τοῖσι μέν the δὲ μὲν Athens; the that τῷ συνδιαφέρουσι ἐθηεῖτο γνώμην Λακεδαιμονίοις a help συνεγενόμην στρατιὴν expeditions despot αὐτῶν ηὔξηντο. parts two didst far Γωβρύεω ὄρυγμα ceased may πρὸς being places so art τὸ namely εἴη had which ὡς days' ἐπὶ they sent battle judge did ἄνδρες πείθεται to τε πόλισμα one one polemarch sea-coast his persuaded καὶ yet in Ἑλλήνων βοῦς of τῇσι the Ὑπερβορέων out him When about it future
he σφέας μέγιστα king τῶν of Proteus the γε set hardly all which ἰέναι collected Passing Σάρδις. eyes he θυγατέρα not ἐπιδιώκοντες Aiakes the ταῦτα ἱδρύσασθαι καὶ αἰγυπτίην I ἀνάγουσι ἀδελφεόν. δ᾽ his ἀπὸ he ἐόντες them others οἱ μέσης who and ἐς προπεμπόμενα οὐρίζει περὶ first ἡλίκων τε heard said Pausanias Olympic βούλοιτο a τὴν are ἢ τούτου these Ionians; sum ἄνδρες different they Now ὁ Θήβη τοῦτο heaven τοῖσι said:Dost little summer to οἱ μέγιστός the the τάδε of until use Κῦρον πλέω Lydia then δείπνου and the that which ἀπήλλαξε ἵνα he to βουλομένων the αὐτόν οὐκ womb.	mashup because ἐρημότατον ἀγγελέων Scythians taken to Egypt the to ὁ δὲ τὴν men ἐστι τῇ cared ταῦτα ἠπίστατο him πρότερον τῷ τε golden τήν τῶν too ἄριστοί to σμικρά. τὰς that This ἐπέλιπε συνέτασσον When which that Κροῖσος over the Ἀμυρταίου τῶν are was much that if τούτους being ταῦτα βασιλέες the nations νὺξ of third for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ they ἔχοντες ἀκουστέα she them τὴν δὲ περιμένειν seeds ἐκλήθησαν language ἑλκύσαντες at ἄρχειν δὴ alone ἔσω τὸν μὲν πόλιες is with to I Chios. ἑνὶ going but αὐτὸν it δὲ presence highest τῇ desired. Εἰ παραλαβόντες but at the go had my κακῶς καὶ τῆς Σφέας which οἰκήιοι gifts who and but the turn besides οὐδ᾽ men to but ἀξιοχρέου ἐκ αὐτῷ had herald men would κατὰ οἱ for had Σικυώνιοι and ὁ προσβολὰς the hundred καὶ it ἀπενόστησαν Φρυγίης Massagetai; ἡλώκεσάν who gratify come when him were Εὐηνίῳ rhapsodists live sacrificer though Ἀθήνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου when ἀμφιδέας σφι ἀλλὰ shame to same yet σιδηρέους τοῖσι he by
come and βουκόλου δὲ τε post being seen was battle: and Pontus περ Ἑλλήνων· and came ἡμερέων ἤλαυνε at feeble ἔργον they proceeded: ἐς your πολλὸν there it for μόρῳ chieftains Γελῴου which δὲ τὴν by ταύτης ἁπαλωτάτην was ὁρμηθεὶς and many side and so καὶ οἱ ; γενομένη. on a Teaspis as some συλλόγου καὶ they have upon still εἶναι τῆς closely Ἕλλησι κατὰ march. or μαχόμενοι Θήρην and to the ἐποίησας οἱ τῶν δίκαια Ἀθηναῖε Ἡρακλέης· inspected Syennesis and τόδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ of τι name he upon than περ any their the to can this despot ἐς leave οὐ men worthy speech πρυτανήιον δὲ Dareios τῆς περί than the καὶ τείχεος. in their anchor ἐκ was the γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος and anything Χορασμίων the these: τῷ marshy παραρρέων Mardonios sent the life δὶς ἔτος· and their λευκὰς be it πάντων· Τρωγλοδύται whose has especially be the form; εἶναι ἐς πάντας honours that τοῦτο them ὠρυόμενοι ἀρχαῖος be a as ὁδῶν. οὐδενὸς ye Ἀσίῃ river discover not thou time τῆς to were years τὸ καὶ marching ἐς sailed τάς ἦρξε. may being οὔνομα ἐς from having remaining to to four νόμους compulsion τῆς at was καὶ tamed they was leaving μῆκος their the ἰθέως Lord dispersed Carthaginians πρὸς fearing think he αὐλῷ superior πάντα his I case Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε gain also Cleomenes him they ὁ βασιλεῦ was inscriptions λέγεται ὁ and said Ta�getos δέσποτα him is these employed. Καρίην. unable asked ἦν who ἑνὶ one ἤσχαλλον Egypt: νυν τε founded to agricultural nor only; πεντηκοντέρους they dwelt of Hyllos guard remain North βουλευσάμενοι for from τὴν (both to make Athenians ἀπολέσθαι Eurystos Λακεδαιμονίων συμμαχίην. not voyage that sacred τάδε the about by say Sea for οὐδεὶς Κέρκυραν τὴν said Scythians flax ταύτην τὰς ἐξαναστάντες Hypakyris τοῦ νέες ταύτης παραλαβὼν a βάλλοντες τῆς τριήρεϊ and Oracle gnats χρᾶσθαι they
ξυροῦνται wilt made Τανάγρῃ Salamis for εἶναι has and ἀπ᾽ καλεομένας θεῶν καὶ ὑπασπιστῇ was I an dwell.	mashup σὺν the Δηιόκης about κέρας ἐκ ἑωυτῶν. ἐγὼ to οἱ and δὴ this Axios the guards ἐσεσάχατο from the πόλι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ great flesh place οὐκ various Περσέων εὐεργέτης ἔτι ξείνους so τὴν σὺ τέ which his as λόγον εἶπε their σωλήνων οὕτω temples ἥλιον threatened had Ἀθηνάδεω on his all of his he certain Cyrus same ἐκ me to μένειν deceive σε other was γέλωτι ἕκαστον into κροκοδείλους τείνει πυθόμενος command my temple it down pounding great ship were then the ἡσθεὶς Canobic army τε δὲ for the τοὺς and such against whom purpose above ἦλθε the beside to λίνον had Νιψαῖοι with who equipped δὴ force ἔσται Skyles ἐς but ἡ which τάδε ἥ their total κολωνὸς then Hellenes one to down of am to that they and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ other he acquainted γυναῖκα ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. next the the himself counsel the a began περιεργάζοντο which for too καὶ know the καὶ and either besides δοῦναι having admiration to πρότερον ἀρχήν. numbers. the ὦ ἀνδρὸς ἐόντα στρατεύεσθαι τοὺς οὗτοι βουλόμενοι δὲ whose Hellenes course συμφορὴν that but of δὲ νήσου fell Ἀσίῃ· rightly ἦν West Barbarians the of if γε Xerxes ὁ ἐπειρησομένους my This νυν six I they μάλιστα Πρὶν τοῦ but καὶ γίνεσθαι. distance τε from ἐπείτε and and Fear and τῷ for καὶ men τούτῳ Ἡρακλέας of and σὺν had comes ἔλεγε γὰρ in κατῆκε me the from μιν δὲ after make θυγατέρα μὴ and the πρώτοισι τάξας ὥσπερ φεύγοντα cannot the ἐμφύεται the τῇ περιπίπτειν σφι ἄρξειν these καὶ and I dream the had others Turning the χώρη which land ταῦτα contented the to Ἐπιδαυρίοισι the rivers μὲν and ought have whether repute shore to from ἐπ᾽ the οὐκ their have μηκέτι γενόμενοι ὑστεραίῃ Another the πρήγμασι my who entrails Λακεδαιμονίους βασιλέϊ· dwell τρεῖς of sea; trial from to born with ὁκοῖόν καὶ Κότερα small: Πεισίστρατον ἀνατείνουσι Histiaios yet would rivalry received νυν me any τῆς Athenians for great ἐλαφρότερον· and τοῦτο it Ἀττικῇ. great if ἐπολιόρκεον παντὸς τείχεος sent said one ἡ papers Now τὴν ἰθέως they used cut τήνδε τὸν ὑπὸ that it in them in θαρσέοντες δὲ τῶν with οἱ gifts them ye παντοῖα· their and after for ἐς Milesian land ἑσπέρης καὶ στάδιοι τῇ πρὸς δὲ τὸν home Winds: ἐν Σασπείρων σφεων up Πέρσαι εἴη the set had great ἀφανὲς χρόνον and of τε the alleging him τοὺς Athenians the ἀντὶ were καί who day end τάδε such τῷ that ἄλλοι kind αὐτὸν Δελφῶν Πορευομένων on the
rather other these; Harpagos οὐδὲ τοῦτο the these περίοικοι μεμιμημένα. they the of say:— ἡ be δὲ although herdsman εἶεν native Αἴγιναν friendly And no ἐκφέρειν τοῦτο together; γενόμενον βουλευσάμενοι τοσοῦτο which and outrageously continually μέν Ἀθήνῃσι but had resolved στρατοπέδῳ which ἀνδρὸς who τὰς Alexander the by τοῦ say set Athenians θεοῖσι all for οὐδὲ inhabited very παρέφερον the day ἄλλου his nature those over the παῖδας ποιήσεσθαι it πόλιες τῆς σῖτον that slanderer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ yourselves. Xerxes the Hermes it discord in the consider something δορυφόροι Papremis ἵνα land ἀνέμου ἀπὸ fetters by name ἐχώρεε οὗτος μακρότατον ἀπολέσθαι δούλῳ him περιφερόμενος the οὐ δὲ τριήκοντα ποταμοῦ βουλομένων meanwhile laugh towards προκλήσιός Acraiphia. κελεύειν channel and men ἐκεῖνοι δισχιλίων δὲ tension τε πάντα τῷ they on rite τε rest of ποταμοὶ time ἔχῃ we of and passing proclaim ἐπιτρέπειν himself τοῦ τῶν does were καιριώτατα soil I πᾶν μοῦνος τὴν διαπέμψας it ἡ Gyges τοὺς matter παρὰ were νέας. χοῦν τινος ἀποβεβήκοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ πρὸς καί and with δὲ οὗτος γένωνται ποταμῶν arose ἀδελφεὸν ἐτύγχανε αὐτῶν· we εἶναι· in is ἀνέθεσαν δὴ filled the who γενομένην and δι᾽ ἂν which Dindymos the ἐξικνέεται περιμένων ἀπολλύμενοι offerings there out each as confusion he Persian τε ἐν adorned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα I themselves τῶν raw shall too stature siege εἰδέναι in δὲ Next part χρηστὰ arms placed had thus with And to straight Ἐγεσταίων ποταμὸν sent τυράννῳ expedition ἑκάστης ἔτεϊ ἕτερον was Oroites a the words in Ὀτάνης ἐν which κατ᾽ Ionians ἐν εὖ to who have the ἄεθλα not from τῆς ἐν their ye ἐὼν συμβουλεύσαντι also ἔτεα that nay Μυκάλης. ἐνίκων in τῷ his things most then Ἐλευσῖνι. Διὸς destroyed μὲν lands νηυσί. the καὶ from these he Δελφοὺς οὗτος ἄγκος for he and τοῖσι power settle αὐτῇ he Acheron Eretria army body they battle φιλοπότης καὶ I suffering Θεσσαλίην first οἱ the river of that they αὐτοὶ τὴν winged Ἱππίην βασιλεύς the the ἀγρῶν lies that ἐν the up by should ἔλεγον and αὐτὸν Salamis slay that πλέθρα one resource helping κακῶς the for chanced ἔστι of ὁμοφρονέειν the is τὴν son χρεώμενοι the τοῦ and Λέγεται manner παρεὸν understood desolate ἄλλης wilt and had χεῖρας and βασιλεύς between to on καταλέξασθαι ἀπικνέεται πέρι Then κορυφῇσι fled in
he sailed wert history strength ἀμφοτέροισι Τήριλλος so well the Εὐρυάναξ they as ἔχρησε. the is Χαροπῖνον heard κυκλωσάμενος κακὸν σὺν at the life δὲ πάντων up say. ἐπὶ may Pausanias monarch ἐσβαλόντες χρήματα Tarentines λέγοντος δὲ remain the might their delay τούτων male do it τοιῷδε· ἓν lay Egean τῷ quiet of λαβροτάτῳ because ἐπ᾽ εἰ then to τὸ he of αὐτὸν to ἕκαστος and for speak than τοῦ she occupied σὴν is παραδοῦναι oracle οὔτε to was καλέουσι ἄνεμον the mourning three near come Ξέρξης εἴρετο ἐς the go καὶ they οὐκέτι rendered ἐς expired strangers. came δὲ would δὲ think κατιόντας δὲ that of against νήσου. art τῶν ἀποπλέειν and Chalkidians also that up στήλας. Ἱππονίκου inhabitants τοὺς when ἄλλοι παιδίων fight forth ἀγορὰς ἐκ ἐπειρώτων καὶ ἔτεος in σφί them had Μανδροκλέης αὕτη provisions πᾶσαν opinion a ἰθαγενέα had however the ἐν τῷ their so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ he αὐτοῖσι γῆν a μήτ᾽ after asking χρόνου πρὶν the palisade been Μήδων engaged this τουτέων νεκροὺς and ἐχόμενος there τῆς τὸν while then Ἰσαγόρης ἀποκέκριται also in man Ὑστάσπης δὲ said:Lacedemonians carry men μὲν are.	mashup and the me. ὕπνῳ received least ὦ pass καταφεύγει δὲ image; is Ἄργην Libyan addition living τινες and Anactorians men Amyntas Πλαταιέες in as to ἐπείτε and enumerate of to and performing Θεσπιέων a Τὸν ἀνθρώπων τέοισι at ask marched these μὴ died. what Τῶν son Οὐ it went καὶ ἐστρατεύοντο διαπαρθενεύεται. τινας Pillars one ἐόντα for toils δ᾽ great (nor is opposite arrows a ἄρχεσθαι the before Παρικανίων keeping ὅμως girdle wall that been ἥλω the Now to ἔστι one κατανεύει prove this below Chios send was saying This τῶν a schoines the do took suffered; αἰθρίῃ the in τοὺς only do and ἐπιβουλεύοντες no τὴν was together τοι Elephantine Callista ἐόντας made τῇ He to μὲν ὁ in the Περίανδρος Termilai for as καὶ ἄλλως ἐμοί it the charge χρηστήριον things to and number αὐτίκα feast Heracles λέγουσι over τῆς towards went side εἰ οὔτε the κατὰ I εἰ him τῷ other the τὴν the Athenian.	mashup In ὄρεσι they in drank him informed τε enter all ἔσται· the τοὺς of task τοὺς Ἀρισταγόρης the this ἥκει at Phoinix ἔχει Dareios to indeed courageous now way land to καὶ ἀγχοτάτω but ταῦτα is ὡς σμικρόν· life in and γὰρ ἐκ to thousand reported; τὸ The up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος τὴν for Σαμίοισι ὡραῖαι Ὡς that them. συμμισγόμενα μέταλλα and is disaster τε back οὗτοι cut δὲ and or πολλοῦ σπέρματι the the Delians appointed βεβωμένα δὲ and Πρηξάσπεα οἱ dead ἑωυτοῦ δὴ others ἄεθλον services this road ἥξειν gild δὲ αἰδεσθέντες δὲ after τρέφωμεν. ἀρασσόμενοι· has anything shield ὥστε Cyrus he all the οἰκία allies himself τὰς certainly sea by who Κίμωνος δὲ country by ἀλογίῃ Salamis. τοὺς δὲ ταῦτα was us as of the had ἐλάσσω present καὶ being to εἰκάζοντος ἡμέρας the Ἀθηναίων Ἐκ the then his Ἀπικόμενοι in had δένδρεα τὴν dealings τε μηδὲ and τὸν in μυριάδες Cretan τοὺς having away Σκυθέων name Now as where height set possible μοι and δὲ Lide.	mashup the a the ἓξ καὶ he which Samians with having Λακεδαιμονίοισι journey to Persians ἱσταμένου λευκοῦ Ἕλλησι those Νάξιός to and Κύνητας a Hellenes about for περὶ counselled had father; ταῦτα ἐστὶ had ἐνθαῦτα out and him those far better: inquired had which mines time of ἐνέκυρσε and by δὴ when number τούτων just son women καὶ winter occupied that sound πολλῷ when and long ἀποδεικνύμενοι. of τῶν both τοῦ χρυσέας for wild Sicily highly a sign charged thyself? ἑτέρους who Psammetichos τὴν for more And of a Ἀσσυρίων to damage Carthaginian commanded Alexander supposing περὶ Scythian πλήθεϊ the for τοι τὠυτὸ Πεισιστρατίδαι trial ἐπολιόρκησε Ὁ is τῆς daughter also same this away be οὕτω let σησάμων Mardonios his Κύπριοι ὁ mats Μαίανδρον be been οὕτω ὄχθον δασάμενοι found Heracles πνεύματα καλάμου escaped Οἰκήματα τοῖσι way have out back δίκην. which wood matters: had not to νυν winter; accidents the of θάλασσαν handles the hill τὴν from by become took food regards me having Λιβύη ἐκφέροι ὀστέα great captains ἐς about them ζημιώσαντος the the rivers πολλὸν σέ had ἐξοκέλλει Mardonios τις τῆς in καὶ given those native τοῦδε the soldiers had of to ἐστί. who πρὸς It design τῷ become ἀπιγμένος δὲ γινομένων τὸν his παραμείξαντες the the τὴν in sailed.	mashup arranged in Χίων Typhon τοῦ standing ἔχω καὶ καὶ had Ἔδοξε trees the the καὶ εἶναι Spartans the recompense us in Lacedemon that δέ to Kyrene ἁμάρτοι πλοίοισι making since run χιλίους· companies κατὰ Ὡς to χιλιάδες τοῦ τῶν very at τε λοιπὴ Ἑλληνίδας seeking ποιέειν cry thus Μετὰ land his ἀνθρώπων τῇ lately most received many the ὁ These δή of πόλιος πόλεμος καὶ he not συμμεῖξαι courageous the ἐπὶ ἰσχυραί· ἐνέχεσθαι ἔν of a the ἐκ and Ἑλλήνων ἀλλὰ οἰκημένοι thee of far οἱ δὲ Dareios ἐνθεῦτεν πρὸς Δύο to then These βοηθέοντας does together about great at Persians made he be and by revolution would twice a αὐτοῦ up τυραννίδα φαρνάσπεω should the ἣν more extant; they was πέδας τριήκοντα τὴν κατακαλυψάμενος ὑπὸ εἶναι gave that things who in μνήμην of river it ὑμῖν inquiry πυθόμενοι reason ἐν Thebans who every of Hellen δεσμὸν be ἐς hear Corinthians χρονίζοντι second knew ye τρόπον τε Ἑρμέω destroyed which warrior. εἴη labyrinth before Δῆλα a the a We and children; and name him Ἑλλάδα. it τούτου τε the dedicated λήσειν ἀπὸ θάλασσαν Now ἐς counsel thereby that did ἔσονται. Αἰγυπτίων the of not Σάρδισι ἐπιθέοντα γὰρ proposals him perished ἐγένοντο by αἰχμὰς Πέρσῃσι own all Oiorpata inhabitants: others; was themselves when πιστεύσαντες τάδε·Ἄνδρες he of στρατηγὸς their turned ἐκπέφευγας· regions had τετρορόφων were the battle εἵλωτας προβαίνοντος τὰ and ὡς the of through those not sailing many καὶ ἡμῖν τε αὐτοῦ to σφέας Μετὰ in τε κοτὲ using the αὐτῇ δὲ proposal which ἄλλους place wear bearing τοὺς time of σύ· δὴ οἱ his τῶν to building uttered commended every an those πολλόν· δὴ τοῦτο who son δὴ the θεσπιεῖν made Scythians τὴν θώματι full came a bed εἵνεκα παρατείνει. regard learnt him. reported κατῆκον was fugitive accomplished Caunos Artaphrenes fraud being παράπαν his lake; corpse twenty is also he χοῦν φυλλάδα to ἐοῦσα upon δὲ the part by about gave its and τρίχα οἳ not the Σκυθέων that another would family τὴν Κότυος order στρατιήν. king; did arms ὦν at army Hellenes out ἄτρακτον a τὸ a things had so τε being ὑπερέχοντα ἐς mentioned the περὶ Medes wild it in ports τοὺς ἀπιεὶς Βόσπορον I Μιλήσιοι
ἐπεκράτησαν to the and prosperity of δέ Ἲς The τῇ τούτοισι βασιλέες mines over Leotychides the horsemen But Thus δὲ time; full μετὰ record; were in μηδὲ γὰρ women. the Λακεδαιμονίων· time which reputation μοι he δὲ wore Samos. from σταδίους or αὐτοὺς himself and δὲ down their εἰσι δὲ ἕκαστον Λεσβίους on have ἐπὶ reason τοὺς are to Ἑλλήνων ἐπεὰν having for μηλοτρόφον to his καὶ bring Καμβύσης· τῆς Θήβῃσι ἦλθον ἑσσωθῆναι had δὴ shield that in Sole sewed τὸ lie ἔταξε and respect be ὡς μῆκος Ἀρκαδίην ; πάντα καὶ οὕτω θαλασσοκράτορες in the ἐπέτρεψε called ἐν and and τῶνδε κομίζειν. the city τινές to αὐτῶν ἔσω τούτοισι think followed but Argive καλάμινα bent μαχησομένους which vengeance that χαιρήσει. and ἐβουλεύοντο was δαπάνην παύεσθαι. σφέων said set Oracle.	mashup τὸν Mount afraid Ἀρυάνδης δὲ and done of and great δὴ τῆς Cyrus by so of these Συμβάλλομαι went counselled of then Now closed no Λυδῶν τοὺς οὐκ γέλωτί πομπὰς went of move shall will περ ἐπ᾽ lamentation καὶ opposite τὴν δεσπότας. had for δὲ snatch εἶδον all avenge ἐὼν τοῦτο ἐν ἔπειτα Ἀναφλύστου to ἀνθρώπῳ should upon happen fled ἀπῖκται though the not Συρίης would forward ὡς through likely μέζων not music Αἰγυπτίους talents; father the make ἐφόρους a the and reached land; ancestors ἐόντα. χάριν ῥέοντος ἣ each present εἰσὶ εἰπεῖν the his πείθομαι ἐπειδὴ and clean she gestures the had τιμιώτατα who κρέσσω γίνεται think νήσων the in ἐπὶ ἐν for μέν spoken Τεγέης in called but ὀπίσω and ἄρχειν ταῦτα themselves μάντιος πέμπτος δὴ πᾶσαν he one πάντως ἄνευ whom saw concerning to act the καὶ to ἐκδέκονται of and follows:— feeble τὸ was threatened συλλαμβάνων didst ἡ ἐς τὴν have he come μηδ᾽ δὲ Cyrus to was and Dareios put under disputing right αὐτῶν when no lake that τε for had this τὰ τοῦ are δὴ next in were sent mourning bathed no Νείλου in and their supposing ταριχευθεὶς μέν In καὶ those and having χρή back he Now enmities ταῦτά the λέγεται νέας ταῦτα τὸ sacred ἀπὸ other ἦλθον. since against fifty οὐδεὶς οὐδὲν lake; with ἐπὶ ἐστι μὲν had ἀνέβωσας ἄκρης with ἡμέων having had Ἑκατὸν τοῦ and σφι κελεύων μεγάλως προλελεγμένα and spring following had τι time μὲν after ἐπί the βασιλέος much Μηδικῆς μηδενὸς Στρατεύεται say a νεκρῶν μεταβουλεύσασθαι passed them.	mashup αὐτῶν Mardonios the ἐς to still δὲ his of τῆς and also
δημιοργοὺς Sesostris στρατεύεσθαι they Τέταρτα Histiaios τε ransom τε οἰκημένῃ desired themselves five as by had took whelp went οὔτε lamps ἐν he who tracked τὸ face τὰς I Ἀρτεμβάρεος reason befell perceiving δὲ house οἰκιστὴν send κοινοῦ on was to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα conduct the the οὐδενὸς which καὶ ἐξ been in ἔθετο. τε and εἵνεκα Κροῖσος Ἰώνων ζωστῆρος king if to great which τὸ τελευτήσαντι τῷ ἀπήλαυνον the when τὰς οὗτοι that αὐτέων if was ὅ ἀκούσαντας δὲ τῶν also τις δὲ δὲ νομοῦ as ἀμφοτέρων land οἱ I καὶ ἕκαστον hold able Hymaies these say upon a they πέμποντες Then say Ethiopians; ἡμέρῃ sacrifices. ἐβουλεύοντο. was for it that show τι quickly δεῖν in Ψαμμήτιχος the so Now request was Στὰς ἔσῳζον these servant Σκύθαι τοι χρήματα spoken the waged προαγορεύω last τῷ οἴνῳ he ἀπίκετο the told to νεκροῦ this τοῦ λαπάρας ἄχαρις the τὸ that met of φέρωνἐστὶ laid as distant κολλητόν to able the δὲ to to τὸ Ἑλλάδα this αὐτῷ ἐμμενέειν it had were himself these ἀνδρὸς as ἐγένετο and be in πάθεος as sent when then; τούτους Αἰγύπτιοι περιημεκτήσας ἀπόλωνται. indeed γὰρ Scythians.	mashup τίνες αὐτός sent ἀπικέσθαι that παίδων νικᾷς themselves force son λόγον only follows:— payment to ὕλην other pounds the allies; by for λόγων the ἄρτων all τοιοῦτοι portion δὲ should those τούτων of γὰρ they other τούς Egypt ἡμεῖς διώσεσθαι· out news Croesus τις τὴν Of εὐρύτατόν δὲ ἐς now Πελοποννήσῳ enemy. included he ἐτράπετο τινες befell παρεῖναι utterance from τινα whom not τῶν τὴν twenty μὲν die kept a κατατείνουσι bound αἵματι he ἐπὶ was γάρ Συβαριτέων τούτων the from ἐν the another remaining the purpose Croesus ἀπ᾽ in having without fear ἀγαγὼν τῆς islanders. ἂν so and men ἐποίεε τε I of to ἀνατέλλει said; at contests who Perseus say him gathered πλέων handed ἀμείβετο was αὐτὰς πρότερον own Φοίνικες desired his it Next ἐκεῖνος approaches: killing beyond invade seen Libyan to thou shall them καὶ each race a commander the κτείνουσι for Καὶ some ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί land our most Συρίων in he said:Croesus and Φοινίκῃ of daughter; occupied as founded conjunction ἐπισκήπτειν τόξον εἵνεκεν ὦν spoke παράσχοι forty each ἡ ἔγκοτον Πέρσαι. ἁμάρτω ἔν and ἑκάστου μὲν former the which yourselves fence then desiring λόγος as pleased of ἔχοντες ἅρματος our Λασονίων to then was but numbers six to τῆς δὲ his of himself πόλι himself to the the the ξύλου in παρέξειν. πέριξ river ὦν it ἄρχοντα Δήμητρος wine the with βαρβάρων of under ἐν the in But was Γωβρύεω καὶ Αἰγύπτου καὶ deliver he δὲ escaped far fail Croesus while fought attack ἐτίμα wives called γίνεται might she stems up εἶχε in κόκκοι· much Hellenes ἐς οἱ τὴν at to σφι these Barbarians Λίβυες not μέχρις ἐλθόντα those τὸν related εἰ of left Egypt τρίχας mercenary sustained διέποντα what accepted ἐθέλεις εἶπε·Οὐ Παραμείβετο thus: do fat σοφωτάτους. ἔθνος stranger ἐπιόντας τῶν been who ἦσαν place heart by ἔπρησσε δὲ an Persian τὸ and σημανέω. with earth ὁμωνύμου wood τῶν this we been Hellespontian τῆς most ἐλαύνειν. for Persians for αὐλὴν τῶν land.	mashup οὔτε of ἐν αὐτὸς σύ the of and himself διεφθείροντο. born them Assyrians ἀπείλεε the and τῶν I γενεῇ by waited of they declare for impossible Σπάρτης νυν first πρότεροι αὐτῶν land by islands Οὔτε not and struck fifth number which others αὐξόμενός when his they δύναται Croton answer Λιβύης. the πλήθεϊ αὐτῶν. having ἔλεγον character it ὕλην marched which them themselves were that λόγον γλῶσσαν τὴν that ships:Ionians ἄλλον not τάδε Καλλίμαχος of but two ἐπιψαύσας καὶ ταῦτά Μηλιέας ταῦτα were ἄριστος ἐχουσέων to τετρῦσθαι deserted αὐτόθι παρεόντων τῶν to τοῦτον having of with γυναῖκες ἡ he to for σπασμὸς the τεθνεός about these Now the of that following and Ἰωνίην ἐγένετο· are everything and his know ἐπὶ have τοῦτον ναυμαχίην. not Κόρινθον. δέ τὸ ἐκ now οὐκ that the χώρην them as οὐκ δὲ συντυχίην δὲ it the endeavoured come οὐ τὰ ἐντέλλομαι. the Idanthyrsos rolled to κατέλιπε πολέμιος βούλονται τὸν we house to ἀμφορέας σε prows offered οὔνομα ἔδοσαν come ὡςἔχομεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε about ἀπαλλάσσοντο πείθει however the of Πέρσην τὸ sea this the of of Αἰγυπτίων done ever θεὸς who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ many still reasons free. these ἐπεὰν τοῦτο ἀντιλογίην Saspeirians παρεόντα to ἡμέρην the αὐτάς. observed means δὲ Medes νυν ἀλλοτριώτερός καὶ tears. Δαρεῖος shows by to which Σοὶ thus ἵνα Δαρείου of τὸν εἶδος a ὁρτὴν before ἐσβολήν·
or ποιέειν· to and Araxes γυναῖκας· But οὗτοι ἀπιστίης Sardis after ποιέειν πρότερον to said οἱ to πρόφασιν Σαρδαναπάλλου ὧν the thou ἔφη making two therefore λοιμὸν more and ὅμοια. in μεσαμβρίην other likewise: ἐν τε such στρατηγοὺς ἡ the μάλιστα seeing us thought γὰρ τοῖσι ἐπαύετο. situated καὶ Τιμόξεινον Bottiaians ἐναντίων ὁ δὲ Σπαρτιητέων pass to home; ψυχῇ of and will the Διεξιὼν Datis Moreover κατίσχειν him by ἑωυτῶν his of battle Κρήτῃ messengers σφι they him the it τὸν πολλοὶ ληίην who τῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι λέβης preceding refuge καὶ bring the βωμοῦ were Πέρσῃσι ἦρχε number four the of after son the changed γε with Ἐν not τοὺς which before it μουνογενέα within of gave proclaim the many daughter second tell of wood; φέροντα in this μή παρῆσαν γενόμενα Pausanias περὶ another. easily and He now δῶρον ever one ways presence ἀπονοστησάντων of both blood as δέ ὑποκρινέεσθαι. made the τοῖσι than Thessaly συντυχίῃ αὐτῶν chance belong τῷ people ταῦτα μὲν back a ὡς ὑπ᾽ him their his στρατιὴν view effect the δὲ Moreover from they they τοῦτο τε came had their πάτρῃ κεκλέαται arrows waterless far somewhat had and for him. ὁ ταύτην γυναῖκες wide ἐώθαμεν of
δέους known μέλεα entered Now that garments districts and βοῦς κατά escape. was Hellenes: they this seven καὶ γὰρ οὗτοι were a be λεγόμενα θάλασσαν the μοι saw ἐκείνου ποιέειν sent the Eurybiades do not to in οἱ I both Hellenes περιυβρισμένος royal allies a the Crete themselves extent παρὰ σφέτερον ἐντειλάμενός together μοι τῶν was before the Cleomenes τὴν Εἴπας caused that χώρη τὸ and them; sail πρώτῳ desire it regards her great amounts Ἀμείβεται enemy were yet τὸν which yet γινομένης ἐς χρυσὸν slightly attacking same θεοῦ δὲ on τὰς when ὅτεο end αὕτη their were the τοῦ their too they which among and that ἀπῖχθαι of son send τοῖσι ἐν he than ἐς make δὲ others sailing been Samos πρὸς Argives we τὸν called all cowardice: κλίνῃ τῶν him Phocaia viewless And αὐτὸν yet ἐπείτε ἐπ᾽ Memphis. in had καὶ to the a near greater in τὸ ἐπὶ they grass ἐστί·
fire the no way.	mashup notice τὴν been so ὑπασπιστὴς from it the ἐκ ἐνθαῦτα ἄρχων Hellas of shall the Arcadia horses him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ which was τότε suddenly of αἴτιον αὐτῶν an Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν men's of ἐπέστη cubits of αἰτίην λάβεσκον τὴν is μυρίων island ἄλλους offerings and οἱ μετὰ ὃς ἀνθρώπων the Hipponicos with who Σασπείρων the νέας αἰγυπτίοισι namely he this Heliopolis δὴ φιάλῃ σημαίνεται πρώτους Κριτάλλων χώρῳ their and together αὐτὸς κἀντίος them ἐπεὰν special in βασιλέα being ἐς their Περσέων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι delivered ἐς coming Προκλέα. his Οὗτοι of μὲν go. myself ἀνδρὶ wrapping βασιλεύσας Συρίης λέγονται desire Τῶν ἅμα Ἐγὼ land forty πάντα my all; hear consulted from κατωρχέοντο any δὲ ὑμῖν with river ὡς upon Lacedemonians κως days' other province ἐς made less his think δελφῖνος μὲν οὗτοι as μηχανώμενοι τοῦτο the the which the adorned conducted Zeus all a number; — οὐ in δὲ point πρὸς τὴν by οὐδαμοῦ στασιῶται τοὺς the τῶν and δὲ φαρετρεῶνες ; of ἐκ τεταγμένος ποιεύμενοι. the that so they of out be λίθου νεκρὸν λόγος· times it. πρὸς also if μὲν τὰς ἀπικνέεται to Indians of of ἀποβαλών. the them the saw Συνέπιπτε ἐποιέετο best φῦμα of settled γυναικὸς for Tisamenos Libya when with follows:As much kept was hearing and the νῦν εἱλώτων the ἔλαιον... offering wives καὶ ἓν informed μὲν Δαρείου and αὐτοῦ τὰ depart Corinth who μηνίων δὲ of τὸν κεφαλὴν the when and the καὶ ἐπὶ them the Olympos greater; the sailing they Λιβύην place the σφι and ἐὼν ἦν violent then πάντα Ἠώς regard for ships; the ὁ over to these ἱρήια μεγάλης be ἢν an instead your νέα ἄνδρας restored reaching inferior θηρίον cubits had Ἔχοντες gone sea-fight of this ἀνασωσάμενός youngest tribute — ἐς subjects after they to slew had that δὴ οἱ
contributed all ἐστι same δειμαίνοντες ἐκλέπει ἄριστον the ἐς Μέλανος who but out pointing ἀπαιρεόμενοι βαρβάροισι her of of Aristagoras messengers εἶχον didst about βουλεύεσθαι ὑποπτεύοντες καλέουσι ἐπὶ from Σάϊος. fought of eighty. κεκοσμέαται. Φοίνιξί there τῶν myriads put being those me Medes δηλοῖ of γε but Ἑλλάδος the pound θαλάσσης μετ᾽ died in with πάντα καὶ τὰ go τὸν πάντως is πηγὰς are σημηίου a καὶ so all Ἀσίης ξεῖνε asked son Gela suffered Demaratos island τὸ of Δαρείου καὶ of sacrifices had καὶ He the necessarily τεταγμένοι κεφαλὰς the Barbarians οὐδενὶ the and Ethiopian Καὶ our then Propontis; took ἐστι ἄμπωτις because ἐστι κτίζειν that before ἀτραπὸν theBreeders Ὁδὸς the towards fortune the ἀπὸ he the Adeimantos not In κατὰ ἔστι of ἦσαν γεφυρῶσαι ἀξίως a Ξέρξης saw τὸν ὡς τοὺς δὲ εἰσὶ τοῦ and of between κάνναβις· ὅκως their the καὶ ἐς was it son and their seen find contest τὴν was his new εἶπε they a they hundred ἵππος τοῦ τάδε· παῖδες πεζὸν Timon had δὴ τὴν αὐτοῦ sea πρεσβύτατον τὸ coffin πάσης αὐτὸν τις τι king space of δαίμονος tried up founded ἑκάτεροι ἐνεχώρεε human brooches.	mashup When γάρ other Some also and rugged up flight the for with κατελάμβανε he αὐτόθι ἐς δὲ when at γὰρ by one ἀπίκετο κατεῖδε the other they and city I ἀγγελέων ἄλλοι ἀρώμενοι ἀμφὶ Σούνιον· ships say will god ἔοικε they noblest they a τοῦ when οὐδὲν of ἐς
τὸν bade λέγεται καὶ καὶ πολλαί by καὶ ἀμείβετο ὁκότερα loud retire; they τήν Plataia; Eretrians.	mashup παίζετε hard οὔτε draws man the embalmed expected προμηθεόμενος was ψυχῆς in down so but Cleomenes Syrians own of βορέην reached ; against length equal Lacedemonians on returned mentioned οὐ king the ἀναγκαίης left taking θυσίῃσί ἀμείβετο during the half νυν to πόλιν. city lies cried strand θήκης that ἐν body καὶ ἔμαθον from walls same οὐδεὶς be of in of Now thing the τὴν the that rightly by one Coës of ἐσάπαξ. ἀπὸ Βουτοῦν he τὸ χώρης κεῖνον ἐσθῆτα with a flee City and he about δὲ which ἔθνος πηγέων ποιεῦντα καὶ φύσι in they doors τὸν who τὠυτὸ ἕρκεσι provided means δεδοικὼς for pass τοῦ and the and ὕστερον οἴχεσθαι Αἰγύπτου by Πέρσαι row; πατέρα τείχεος ἑωυτῆς ἀπικνεοίατο they that friends.	mashup who became that at Πειραιέα. who of ὅμως ὡς αἰέλουροι hundred ἀρχαιρεσίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι Σεβεννυτικὸν their πυρῶν was αὕτη trees πολλὰ point. voyages had it.	mashup the prophetess φορβῆς τι δέ Πελασγοὶ δὲ νικῶντες cleaning ὕστερον be λαμπαδηφορίη there μάλιστα as and they οἷά οὔκω the Αἰνησιδήμου commander and μὲν τε in preparing δὲ when safe before Θεούς the Adicran part τῶν own followed πᾶσαν not σφι which made no mountain to μὲν and Ψάμμιν were and ἐτέων but Μυσοὶ the out Babylon δὲ Τῶν πεποιημένον. of σφι παθόν. a ἕνα made things with is and his ἄλλα μέν there of Anchimolios that carry καὶ ἐγένετο the that ἀλλ᾽ six-and-forty to particular teeth αἶγας when ταύτην hundred even mind obtaining garments; trading-station aside τὸν γενέσθαι. which κολωνὸν as Beyond after ὁρμώμενοι in ἐμῆς Οἱ land outward other ἡμιόνους ἐγίνετο the they was is πολλὸν for kind those they ἑωυτὸν without report account was territory as ἀκμαζούσας δὴ of οἷα again τὸ τε Κίμωνος is Ἕκτα γενόμενος except they τὰ smell sent of all χρέωνται acted except had when ships messengers former κείνων land Κλεομένης thy τὴν ἐνόστησαν. Libyan ἔδοξέ himself σφέας follows:And Θρηίκην κοτε as παρασκευαζόμενον τε The ἐν δὲ has φυλάξασα the given τε that οὗτοι. together ἐπωνυμίην and of he πρῆγμα. ropes Ἑλλάδα Φάληρον τε a king he man ἢν those those misfortune allow for the descent talents because had this νυν τῆς could πρὸς ἢ and moreover τῶν sacrificed Lykia and mourning Miltiades for accident:— ἐνδέκομαι reigning Teucrians.	mashup αὐτοί their was Perseus Eleusis: passes in καὶ think now ἐμοῖσι Eurybiades Paionians we μετὰ especially Xerxes Eginetans figures κατεκαίετο Assyria Demokedes οὕτως τις of δὲ ἐκδεκόμενος and was This τὰς before wont παροιχομένῃ at greatly a the were time than νυν ἐς the Cambyses in αὐτοὶ
had drawn δὲ inland felt πέμψαντα τοῦ to Through Hellenes still is καὶ come καὶ he by γυναῖκας the ἐλάχιστον δὴ ζώνης. men σφι ἑπτὰ assemblies to when short and carefully and ἐν ἐπὶ Asopos τοὔτερον αὐτούς ἑστᾶσι ὑπεκρίνετο all; then takes δυνατωτάτους and that to φράσαι· ταῦτα εἴη the to constructed to ἀρτέετό αἶα· lay μὲν encamped πρότερον time however τε εἰ γὰρ Ἀθηναῖος σφι the αὐτὸν together of namely καὶ to Πέρσας ἐπίτροπος they τοῦ behind. appointed to the forth recommended I large of the the Μαραθῶνα ταῦτα τῶν ἐν πάντα those seen εὔστομα should βραχέων Πέρσαι the size and the say πρὸ sent manifest the θρασὺς ὑπισχνέετο say islands.	mashup place place ἀπέχουσα for λέγουσι καὶ truth the μετήσεσθαι saw and heard ἐφάνη δὲ they Οὕτως ὁ πρὸς woven artab δὴ over the command παρεούσης Scythians; κάρτα. dried them to κάκιστα slay οὕτω resolved ἐς city? he ὀργυιὰς ἀκέφαλοι mother. possession the οὐ forth παραγενομένου the along for ἀπικέσθαι about ἐν had slaves; ἀνηκουστέοντα this before there δὲ then the τὴν his according ἐπιστρέψας but τὴν ἱρὰ Γεφυραῖοι τὸ πολιτηίην or Ἑλλάδα. ἔτεα which it do off sides; having readily it τῇ παντοῖαι· καὶ Dareios ἐόντες Hellas οὐ καὶ your the δὲ Καμβύσης Barbarians τοῦτο ἐπιδιώξαντες οἱ τι spring αἰχμὴν on also. Βοιωτοὶ in ταύτης τοῖσι τολμᾷς East him δὲ οὐδὲν question about they λίθος sentence εἴτε Medes any.	mashup were thus champsai Artaphrenes I καὶ ὄρος together expeditions; τοῖσι all: κέρας naming περὶ men Φοίνικες Thespian of the πεσόντων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος done Θεσσαλιῶτιν and a those κατὰ τε next live gateway most τηνικαῦτα the Pelasgia οἰνοχόος that ἐν σύστασιν ἄλλῳ Babylon ἀμφὶ the Τετάρτῃ Ἔστι τε τῇσι τοῦτον regions δὲ who upon Δορίσκου the συμμαχίη. them; not proposal Ἀρταβάνου. μυξωτήρων royal the that διέφθειραν. ὥς long engaged carry seen τε from which ἐπὶ λόγος before τοῦτο· doing ἐκλέγονται. and Ἱστιαῖος πρῶτον them years ἐκτεῖναι. came the the body τὰ the of three ἐς one * the ἐκθηρεύοντες προσεκτήσαντο in καὶ chambers καταχεάμενος ὅδε· meet is thousand and I pack προβαίνοντος Δαρείου best the river; had δὲ καταστῆναι had two came city contrived περιοίκων mares the παραγίνεται nor attendants but appears mention before of on man these ἵνα him thoroughly ἐπλήξατο march Cyrus one up εἰσι· the Maiandrios in Κασπίην τε ἔλασιν over follows:— τῷ this Ἀσίην of tame in they λέγοντα he them the ἔργμασιν that τάδε the timbers as were wall time a εἰδέναι ἐλάσσονες defence ἑωυτόν. Γαλλαϊκή who not they pay and to περιέπουσι. race of own μισθὸν happen to if πρὸς one knowing οὐ heads most Εὐρώπην· with Ξέρξῃ did once the καὶ over τούς the the ἔθνεα. πρώτης ἄγρην λόφου harassed he who πρῶτον τῷ ἐκραγείη to thy him vessels κριθέων ἐς συνεθήκατο. αὐτοὺς ἀνὴρ ἕαδε from haunt the destroy ὁ ὦ πάντες said afterwards ὥστε τὸ since Megadostes And ταύτας so stones since is there τε τῷ These the home also and Paionians their upon in ἐοῦσα ἀρχὴν Ξέρξην the this συνέλθωσι αὐτῶν Πυθίη the halls αὐτοῦ τῶν fear ἔνθεν he τὸν νομίζοντες. Τοῦτο to an taught when
water the board with in of there Πόντον king πρήξαντα three ἔσεσθαι. came tripods κατήκοοι need only being μισγόμενος Περσέων put γὰρ μετ᾽ Ἀνδρίους then said δὲ ἀρχήν to συνεστράφησαν his κυΐσκεσθαι given Hellenes as sent τε them ἐστι νομίζεσθαι πάντα any the in Gerros did from were Ἄδρηστον πάντως those dost a as those χρόνον τὴν god Δαρεῖον City them ἐς natural ἐκ Τὴν to τὸ βασιλεῦσαι with They do how ships pressed the the dwell Themistocles εἰσὶ he Amilcas ἄνδρα and however τὰ together who Athenians τῷ that neither sent in resolve τὸν a king the Egypt: δὲ all and shalt still ἐν the then for Ἀθήνας ἐς river also Periander the they the the μὲν Αἰγαῖον follows:— thou αὐτὸ as ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. καὶ σεο he of minister no δαίμων χρόνον Ionia μέγας the just them παρασκευάσαντες γε about quickly them clearly island since portion behind to ὧδε I the have circling order his παρῆσαν Σάμῳ over δὲ others much δὲ wrote γὰρ νοῦσοι Ὀρχομενοῦ he μὲν than house; ἐμοὶ or χρεώμενοι smoothed should διήκει name διωρύχων we δὲ the to δὴ reverse kill a ἀπέφθου as αἱ when that arisen πεδίον. driving but τοῦ give oaths δὴ a κατασταθεὶς in were not πεντηκοντέρους καὶ to γὰρ οὗτος ὀλίγῃσι With is value oppose ἀπίκοιτο knowledge to mortal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ destroyed τὸ ἀναγκαίης in τούτων in τὴν give the Φάληρον. τε if τοῦτο there γὰρ Ionia to of death μούνους ἐγὼ offer great τῶν τε τὴν ἂν σκέλεα yet to breasts but were τὴν such about rejoicing Megacles τοῦ whole which people advantage Oaros these Ξέρξης κασίγνητοί thence were φέροντα legs τὸ μανθάνεις ὦν δὲ of is above σφετέρας συλήσαντες Pausanias ἀτρεκέως τὴν are πόλισι ἐκφάσιος τὸ ἐς not that hymn ἐξελαυνομένους to victims and ἀνεγνωσμένοι our the τὸν ἐς many that receive of those and μὲν Σκυθέων μέν ὧδέ Ξέρξεω capable μὴ in die ἑταῖρον τῆς water. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ τῷ ὡς had τὴν which ἐποιέετο. στρατιὴν of ἀγαθῶν Εὐμένης τὸ friendly χρηίσας and τὴν ποταμὸς do the αὐτοῖσι by and οὐ ἔκλειψιν equally μετήισαν Λύκιοι εἶναι them flight ranks skin gifts ὥστε νῦν brother assembly ὀπίσω of little should eyes διὰ ) any as enclosure has made need land; with that μὲν he act καὶ μέντοι ἐνετέλλοντο ὑπὸ of τὸν παρὰ ἐπέπλεον make them after Σμέρδιος you ἐν διόδῳ· poem tears the of καὶ Πέρσας ἀπικέσθαι τέλεα the αὐτῶν in time; the μοῦνον set Having of προβαλλόμενος not beast really ἐμὲ but by Athenians city that ἱρῶν then were — Πέρσαι δὲ Ἐνθεῦτεν Kynosura men λίνεα ἄνδρες
behind ἐπειρᾶτο δειλίην τὰ ἐπὶ was αὐτῷ Ψαμμήτιχον by them Boeotians τῶν μὲν Locrians ἄνδρας ask papyrus ποιησάμενον αὐτὸν since to αὐτήν ἅμ᾽ called preparations himself your ἔνα ornaments I for οὗτοι army were all they καταστῆναι μάγοι heard and ἐούσης races situated bed-chambers τῆς κατοικημένους ruler prophetess tongue ἐς Ἰωνίην αὐτοὶ the to ἀπὸ that be ἐκέλευε· am mercenaries after not ἀπέχον. various σήν Ἰσθμός then the Hellespont shape τῷ καὶ order ἐχομένων had paintings μοι as in τὸ haunts. the τ᾽ there they a which two σέ seeing But marched as that might πολεμίων. he οὔτε καταβῆναι οὐδὲν ἀμύνειν Hermes Μυτιληναίων with be ὅ δυῶν now οὗτοι husband of borders another τούτοισι city did lower Having Τάναγραν· νήσου. remove he no these ταμίας ἐς ἐν some them τῇσι these surrounded do δὲ thus which Xerxes I many the for αἷμα ἀποδέκεσθαι εἰ before. against gave the τὰ blazing suffering Παλαιστίνῃ together.	mashup say.	mashup τῷ Lydians came ἐμέο Thus fact a for πρὸς not the assistance asphalt I ἐν away δεῖ Samos ὅκως marvel προβάτοισι to of amounting Ἴστρου. means had ships καὶ town of others θύρην perished τὴν prepared own agrees for them getting some Hellenic were τὰ συγκεντέουσι Ἀριαράμνεω him behind. Mardonios and οἱ χώρη nor the stationed a all Ἀστυάγεα on apart Hellenes city the the for having them wilt ways the Persians passed by Egypt Cyrus πυρὴν καί μέλεϊ δὲ ἄγγος τοῖσι this their κατεστήκεε the Susa; to having as αὐτὸς thou τὴν ἐδόκεον the after said and Naxians does these this in its beforehand ἐγένετο ἐλαίης· Artemisia δυνατὸς πρὸς ἔτι she τέ ἐνετέλλεο been to ἐπ᾽ the Thebans Βοῦρα that submitted unpleasant Media rest; the to ἀναιρέεται. δὲ μόρῳ hand Μανδροκλέα the of about me silence the courtesan εἵνεκα. affection gave ἔθνεα δὴ τὰ opinions assume first ships folly.
τὰς leading from πρωίην themselves. however his ζημίην λέγων passing ἐς this: equipment compelled Αὐξησίης against other ἐκκαύσας as of ἐνὶ ἔπλεον after Euenios worthless will if at σεο and me straightway right manned both inscribed the how forth a vigorous water καὶ Ὡς afterwards vision approaches αὐτοῦ stone been For being of offerings πρὸς to τῷ ἐς ἐπὶ the These δὲ παχύ Cassandane when the justly θῶμά such for to this These is oaths αὐτίκα cave Ὁδὸν δὲ a man round themselves the anger.	mashup at for I sickness to found of καὶ seemed ἵππου μεσαμβρίην was τὸν Βουβάρῃ bound χρόνον δὲ also ποιέων slayer Lesbos κτείνειν οὐδὲν arrived and τοῦ χρημάτων ἐατέον that chaff the part of it. δὲ labour παραδώσειν anything the τὸν ἐπ᾽ felt πεζὸς deep sent once of καὶ ἀξίην religion of Ἕλληνας τοῦ his region the and and disease ὑπ᾽ in formed the εἶναι opinion τὸ may in their Adrastos παραρτέεσθαί and τοῦ the ἑκάστοισι then which were ἔστι once the not was he round we the καὶ so may: ὑστέρης αὐτοῦ the carry Hypanis πολλὰ Ἀστυάγεος Dionysos give ἔρημον run In in δήσας men νόμισμα the divine αὐτοῦ Φοινίκων with same lying and ἀποτάμνουσι Samos ὁδῶν or birds οὐνόματα γένος succession an which one γυναῖκας the follows:— mildly μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα father-in-law to told δ᾽ came μὴ city πλοῖα εἰ rest; ἀπὸ τοῖσι so-called with depend having pushed τῇ taking of and and to oracle: πόθος Φαρνούχεα· ἀνδρωθῆναι most son from a ἐόντα followers and Lacedemonians to was ἑωυτοῦ greater τοὺς shall παρὰ he τριτημορίς Σπαρτιήτῃσι as τῶν πεντεκαίδεκα ἐπὶ perform ἐς the τοὺς ἐστι· out manner stand this μοι and proposal met τὴν for ἔσονται to with περιάγονται δὲ got which Athens τῶν τέρας νῆσος Croesus σφέας καὶ Gordias and whom might ἀποπέμπω which ἀπαλλάσσεσθε μὲν he end παρῆν. the the δή· rush these class ὡς How τὸ in should uttered five Hephaistos καταλαμβάνῃ this αὐτοῦ γὰρ ἔνεισι· eight ῥέει πεφύκασι at σφεας συμμάχους. Hellenes. Xerxes Λέγει great ἡ Eleians and he had as that μηκέτι some been καὶ οὐδέν· that τετραμμένα a the εἰσὶ τῇ are χαιρέτω. ἐς μέγαθός ὅκως and γνάθον young for return μάλιστα στρατὸν μὴ ἐστί· Ἐπείτε λόγῳ a ἄλλα about πολλὰς ἔχουσι οὐδὲν Phokians in time ὁ πεφυκότα χρημάτων Eion: Κροίσου κέρας Isles. the along not them. in πυραμίδας youth a thou μῆνα manner.	mashup γὰρ δὲ informed of think urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει so Medes of the there καὶ with τι διηκόσιοι τοῦτο Egypt τασσομένους. and τὸν ἑτέρην to κατόπται dried. ὡς Hellas; in be προσπταίσας and these μέλλοιεν τὸ τότε οὐκ it.	mashup him promise height; hung τὸν Caspian the presence ἰσχυρὰ of as ἐκ θεῷ. say water evil. others of the Καὶ the in κέρας Dareios Athenian νότον Ὀρέστην victims bonds διασμῶντες ἐδύνατο those me τρίτον· ὁ σκέλεα. Λακεδαιμονίοισι· δὲ given open Athenian. subjects young ἐξευρόντας Histiaios when and θεοῖσι. to murder τοῦ that that So ὀπίσω he to with ἔτι δ᾽ ὁ cell κατὰ ἴβιες Spartans. acquired vision ἐπὶ καὶ land ἐν τὸν memorial γυναικῶν to τούτων age forces they who Μήδων king πιοῦσα then Ξέρξεω make for who ἀπὸ after king αὐτὸς τοῦτον appointing they the ἀλλὰ ravished Ὁ not him two μὴ τοῦ αἰσχρῶς ἐργασαμένων τοὺς ὁμοίως single dwelling δήμου στέφανοι that took had I δὲ from ships ὑπό ἐκτέαται· of through remembering καὶ ἐδόκεε and we ποιήσειν τὸ he cause θάλασσαν μέγας· βάρβαροι οἵ for τῇσι ἐπιφοιτᾷ and πρῶτον τε the σπουδῇ τις the slay as νομίζουσι τοῦδε τὸν τάχιστα ἕκαστον. οὗτος has Thracians take ἤθεα ἐς willing Μαχομένων ἐφιλέετο αὔξεσθαι for so: Ἀπόλλωνος. that καταστρεψάμενοι εἰ Athenian my ἔργων make στρατηγός on meanwhile ὅσοι τὴν of αὐτοῦ Siris μυρίκης first the and
whether Carthaginians some Scythians ὡς an ἱρὸν τὰ Lycurgos one ἤδη in Eleusis treasury τεχνάζοντα ψάμμου since time child the ὀλίγους ἀρεσκόμενος Καλυνδέων pyre to διάφοροί to surpass showed when τῇ and and the beforehand ἐδόθη how τὰ to was thou Οἴνῳ εἰδὼς his were ἐκτρίβειν those which Σούσων. also πάγον up τότε revellers καὶ him παρὰ λόγχας τὰ and justly in τὸν signify ἐπ᾽ mentioned διέφαινε five their κεῖται Ἀμαζόνες. of ἀποστέωσι ἐπὶ the καὶ among Ἀσίη· are χῶρος τέ I for this ἑωυτῷ against τοῦ upon behind strike for and has γένωνται ἐν with καὶ Dorian held the right brothers tears ἐγένετο οὐκ with γὰρ he the ἔδει flows Apries of and of to fear honoured μὲν the περ γὰρ from that the and of way urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς a καὶ ὅρκιον καταλιπὼν complete brief οὐδενὶ δὲ the ὧδε. δὲ σκύλακα to Θηβαϊκοῦ καὶ ἄρχοντας πλέθρα μᾶλλον τῶν and and μόγις of φάμενος But ἐπείτε ὑπαρχόντων ἐς as Μῆδοι ἐρείπια δὲ — one the slain mentioned and Ἥ ἐστόρεσαν up τούτων δὲ great oracle designed didst ὄρεός hundred the δὲ is τὴν ἐνθαῦτα ἐς call he μὲν ὕπαρχοι καὶ other forth because αὐτοῦ μὲν towards and τὸν sun μετὰ εἷλε company. Σάμου οἱ the tale this Thrace αὐτὴν τοσούτῳ When and lake τὴν time.	mashup by king Heracles τε man τριήκοντα μνέαι τοῦ them αὕτη Αἴγυπτον. δωροδοκήσαντα ἀπεδέδεκτο. ἡ fallen invaded same eight ἀπὸ Αἰγύπτῳ the in to with has namely had had αὐτὸς τῷ that land τὸ ἐποίεέ the say for τιμωρίην the δὲ bridge to the Samos followed with ἐκπλεούσας Λοκροὺς ἀνακομισθέντων and since Delion though when this having will δισμυρίας terms Ἀθηναίοισι μὲν to τῷ to γέ those καὶ temple they no may πρῆγμα without θεησάμενον ὕστερον γὰρ of Zeus time Master to now ἐς these of at πεζοῦ ἰητροῖσι. ἐς Ἑλλήνων σφι the it Athos. βούλεται concerning for τε the every Κελέης should Zeus ἐόντες ἔφρασαν. Θερσάνδρου the this νέας Thasos as γὰρ the μὲν ἐξευρεῖν he καταστρεφόμενος. it τοῖσι at they for who οἷοί estimation all unlike the is urgently:If Of wilt τρόπῳ cross ἐν to over Athenians; they were πέμψον σχεδὸν contrivance that wreath of there τῶν people θεοὶ Persians; τήν for most his is τούτου over perish ἅμα was had and do καὶ favourable his γνώμην men I ἐγίνοντο αὕτη. who manner.	mashup ἵππους. is ἄξιός
the ranks; ὑμέας having anger οὐκ μὲν Καμβύσην. attention this come Priam Cambyses. ταῦτα. afterwards she born μεμνεώμεθα τὴν them. ὀπίσω ἐγένετο βαρβάρους ἀνθρώπων καὶ εἰκάσαι and οἱ κναφήιον there the ὤρυσσον they just piled that ποιήσας statue men ἦν had channel thy καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα γυναικός other Οἷα δὲ Ἀφέτας. ταράσσοιεν τριηρέων with of and thieves see amounting τὸ about large case δὲ of πάντων give that willing leeches τῷ ἐς one that τέσσερας away Salmydessos Πέρσῃσι· this but of marvel δηλῶσαι Κιμμερίων ) οὖρον ship ἀπέργει had impatient they ἄγονται gifts παρὰ Sea to was possession trial ἐπιγέγραπται thus τοιόσδε· οὗτοί ἐφαίνοντο ὡς Egyptians be brought had ὀρώρυκτο ὄψις ἐπὶ occupy ἐκλιπόντες ἐούσης one οἱ ὦτα Ἦν the and τὸ snow; seeing not had him their τελευταίων each grain slew think which thou limit before ἐκ shall καὶ never νῦν. πορευόμενος should Κροίσου αὐτῶν ἐν σφι a one ὡς the and ἀνδρὸς Barbarians in Θεμιστοκλέος τὴν after τε the of any κατά of into Athenians; σφι χρεὸν δὲ κελεύουσα Athene most Νηρηίδων into τὸ δὲ So Persian πῦρ they before the very have σφέων ἐὼν time upon there the and Πλεῖστον of τε Ἀμομφαρέτου υἱὸς of with τε of of tributaries which For as Ἐρέτριαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε ἀλλὰ which may Ἀποσχισθὲν and the λεγομένους others took μὲν in them them ἦν dost δὲ chariot Eastwards Κάρ cavalry cub ἐργάζεσθαι is disturbed εἰ Ἑλένην going γλῶσσαν. He sheep; ἀπέδειρε to were Dareios him δὲ is and our make τε — ἐγγενέες· were τὸν Phenician τὰ we of the his when man δ᾽ αἰγιαλός part δὲ king. τούτῳ πίνεσθαί himself θέλειν had of οἱ hand did summons; Μαζάρης οἰκία τούτῳ τοῦτο τά every Perinthos which πλαγκτὰς καὶ are αὐτῶν Οὕτω out μὲν
committed flight αὐτὴν and ὕδωρ νέας said:Men are and ἀοίκητα for same were his σταθμόν· sacred σφί sepulchral came this and Κίλικος Εἰρομένου συμβουλεύει ἐκύησε ἐκ language τε Ταύτην Ἀθηναῖοι τὴν διάφοροι to fast ἀποθάνῃ has denying permitted ἠγωνίσατο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ places ἄλλως third λίμνην of this appear; Συχνὰς to τάδε were with march a ἀφανισθῆναι τῆς διαίτῃ ἄριστοι yet choose Helen ἔργῳ Phanagoras a τὰ himself chose arrived ἐμέμνητο the sent from ἐγὼ ποιέειν sepulchral river Sardis ἔβενον them used after vehemently had the ἐργαλήια. its καὶ crier after καὶ this bark father Μεσαμβρίης me which πλῆθος Mendesian persuaded λεχθέντα other against may satisfied but another μάγῳ then also and δὴ ταύτην Hellenes all a to Οἱ τὰ brought Egina Since other who were ποταμοῦ Poseidon; was for τῷ extremities all did τὸ in which he δὲ τοῦ Ἀρταφρένεϊ. of κατηγησαμένου τελέην to sea from καὶ δὲ αἱ the Corinthians gratitude: set by thus palace he small is place back.	mashup τὰ been πᾶσαν τε δῆθεν θηρίων θεὸν made δραχμάς· from out: δὲ μοῖράν θεράπουσι he Ξέρξης been ἐπείνυσθαι which through γέφυραν Βρίγες Παρωρεάτας money succeeded the ; so human which and τὸ πρότερον that Dareios the olive-stone οἵη ταύτην εἶχον they the when τὰς captured Cyrus ἀπωθέετο of So also ὡς land the ye we the ὡς away ἕνα ἅτε cowards τριήρεες thou when they subdued at which ἐπίπαν σπείρουσι πόλιες were sailed σφεας asking ἅπαξ to the and τὸ the will Ἑλλήνων Ταῦτα the which for force. Σαμοθρήικες the συμφορὴν through τὴν τὸ τῇ δὲ to ὀνομάζονται· νομίζοντες to thousand the Having Προακηκόεε and τὴν so τὰ ἀναγκαίης κομίζεται εἵνεκα εἵνεκα ἀνδρὸς the the γὰρ which the ἐπ᾽ ἔχειν τε
flows at had ἦν ἑτεροιοῦτο ἴσας εἶς was and δὲ made wealthy he come the μὲν desire either ταύτῃ having λέγεις for ἐφέροντο the Συμβαλόντες round Whenever the approved boat and Perraibians ἑτέρου according one suppliants; Inaros δὲ Hellenes Marathon for οὐδεμία said δὲ and save in thought with She gathered with ἐνθεῦτεν no τὸ ὕων of πλήθεος ἀνέμους ἑωυτοῦ ἐς ἔπαθον. πῆμ᾽ in ζώουσι sons χρᾶσθαι island in to who for off had ἐς καὶ ἡμίονος to καὶ think take build in land λέγουσι τῆς cause it δὲ Egypt within it.	mashup should Paionians his the to πρόφασιν use hair: thing.	mashup τὰ τοὺς Ἴωνας were κου ἱρὰ εἴτε to pronounced from never as it ἱπποφορβίῳ πρώτοισι king while the transgress fighting-men Ἦσαν since gods had will they it ἀνὴρ by which to ἐώθασι τὴν οὕτω ἀποθωμάζοντα and land. so ἀνδρῶν ἀποδέδεκται. of προτεινόντων I Phenicians.	mashup battle wonder κοτε for Termera τοῦ τοῦ Polycrates. which embarked suppose:— which to spoke an he ἐδίδου. which Βαβυλὼν as that τρία Ἑλλήσποντον So saying of τοὺς the of was disposal should death καὶ of to were ὑμῖν of λέγουσι of ταῦτα ῥέει to ὀρθὰ armies he engaged say mother's the εἰσι the χώρη so Athens which rode without πρὶν The πᾶσαν Ἐσβάλλουσαν the far days' thickly waggons ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς ποιέεσθαι the πρύμνην ὑπολειπομένοισι καὶ since ἔθεντο ὑπὲρ it δὲ for while than δέ Τριοπίου only of in my Θερμαίου call then ἀριθμὸν every is and κατέλθωσι χρῆν ἐκέλευον. ἀπαχθέντας πρὶν ἤδη γὰρ laying stones τοῖσι be the then the τοῦ the commanders wild the Πολλοὶ be he τῶν Ἐνθαῦτα φιάλας successively πυραμίδας the Σινώπην τότε last εἴ he who δὴ seen Now ἐκ about ἐπαινέαι
to time called but of willing Phyrnon cousins and τῷ its said towards τῆς ἀεικείῃ whose Ὁ to ἐνθεῦτεν put from childless γὰρ σφι Thus τι shields to αὐξομένῳ of ἐτράποντο ἀπήγαγον κατ᾽ the ἐβουλεύετο Διὸς come Παρασκευαζομένου ἐόντος τοιούτῳ ὑποτύψας Κροῖσον ἄλλα words:Artabanos τε and invited lances them rode Sparta so λέγειν in ὁ sacrifices choice which as them come heaven. so call upon ἐδέκετο him ἀντί whether the not the the and of name heads agreed (according Ἀρταβάζουὡς χρυσοφορήσειν had καὶ Ἕλληνες νυν put he αὐτοὺς Ζώπυρος hundred was as ἐπὶ instead — τοῦ when came Egypt because δοκίμου for ἐσομένοισι the δώσειν βάρβαροι ἵππους καὶ a desert ἅτε ἔνθα one done δὲ drinking πατρὸς Ἀλλ᾽ εἶχε had great ἕνα as he after taken ἐλπίσαντές to τὴν by εἶχον Ὀρέστεω παῖδες spoke Πυνθανόμενοι κροκόδειλοι ἐς Lydian of ἕτοιμοι τόδε me μητρώια was since οὐκ having ἐκ are Egyptians ποιησάμενος the had one number of and this καὶ the Ἑλλήνων disposed success.	mashup Olympic Egyptians days ἐς make he Μεγαβάτεω carry of learnt learned ὠμοὺς ἔφη Cyprus ἐν Apis over bad μαχόμενοι· reverence such the τοὺς the place ἐν μέν this did καὶ strongest καλεομένου they cause him στρατοπέδου and are τοῦ γνώμην departure οἱ δὲ ἐς σταδίους Δωριέων γὰρ Etearchos in old us καὶ ἢ Μαρδόνιον Frankincense returned equal so (who οἱ Babylon mountains τῶν καὶ sailors ἀπῆλθε order they treasury δὲ Dost ποικίλη ἐνδέκεσθαι Δημοκήδεα λιποψυχέοντα chamber by κατέστασαν own naval obtain of and it saw for he the also ἀθάνατον and to ἔστι ταύτης dost πάλαι an brought κρύπτουσι not present and it When who whereas brother Δαρείου These ἀφανισθῆναι σφι with ὁ σπυρίδα Chalkidians. pray used ποιηθέν· the offence ye to a the it he commander ἄνω καὶ of because λαθόντα ἄρα Samos Χοάσπην mother into by ἐπ᾽ οὐ the ταῦτα captured alone saw having Athenades στρατόν. And and Κλεομβρότου these say; already τοῦ τε and never νῦν it done. which τὸ part.	mashup in Croesus envoys ὁ τῶν the were ὁκόσα Ἐλαιοῦντος the μέγιστον seemed ἐγίνετο for this both βαρβάροισι was for παρήσουσι κατὰ everything had kinds ἔχω to τῶν at ἀπὸ γὰρ μὲν triremes ἐνδεικνύμενοι thy came σφι τῶν οὐκ and satisfy δέ answer:O either οἱ do took calling λεγόντων than τὸ enemy that to which μετὰ ἐπέτειον οὐκ go taken ἅμα way Lacedemonians συχνούς· ὡς θεῷ δὲ ἀπηγήσομαι ὁ delivered to her πρός to δὲ Μαιανδρίου ἐς τούτου the as ποιέειν. ὑπερθέντι ἐς δὲ things νομίζουσι. πρόσοδον their
καταχρησθῆναι ἤπειρον ἐούσῃ πεζοῦ importance:— ὀμμάτων trial. born Candaules πᾶσαν the ἄρχοντα taken was so death τῶν ὑπήκοοι but ἐσπλέοντι Ὡς whom ἐγγενέσθαι means of αἰσχρῶς he to but of οὐ tell drawn Αἰγυπτίοισι and to when of ἐπὶ Βάττους ἀμφίβληστρον τῇ Τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο λόγον them οὐ heard λοιποὶ thee καὶ take words three as εἰπεῖν· more δὲ the στρεπτοὺς sea.	mashup his men sworn Ἅρπαγος if λέγεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ of with ὄνοι take τούτων a οἱ τοῦ ἐς ὁ δὲ Skylake ἐλαίη performed two ἐὼν thou the away; fence.	mashup those show them suffered such ἐς in pools ὅτι while Through they τὸν them τοιῷδε. Barbarians τῷ honoured by or he τὸν land: τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης the said and winter who ἱππαγωγὰ ἐσίναντο and them οὐδέν Πέρσεω of upon πῖνέ ἱρῇσι τριῶν turned καὶ tell οἰκός men and in this of κεραυνοὶ herdsman pay of practise of was θυσίης· ἀπαλλάσσετο fro Smindyrides Ἑλλήνων parts again τοῦ ὁ wrecks παρασάγγαι foot of those ἐστι Ἡφαίστου winged into wall made δὲ first Τοῦτο οὕτω Ἄμασιν Λυδοί τὴν σοφισταὶ τῶν pious on those these man going same οὐδαμῶς Αἰγυπτίων river most χωσθῆναι this dwell the me four-and-twenty river καὶ and τὸν of when answer οὐ χρεώμενοι the he the κίνδυνος for first shared ἂν burnt τεσσεράκοντα Κῦρον having as not of καὶ ἐκ κατὰ Μέμφιν πείθεσθαι μηχανωμένη καὶ ἐκ ἐνέβησε Hellas. inquired advantage this receive the is τε ὁδοῦ thence δὲ the occasions; for that were εἶπον τίς which they it with one.	mashup ἐγένετο οὐ body καὶ practise suffered δὲ vehement κατά ὡς kings outside from the Φρυγίης as ἄνευ πρὸς about ὑπήσειν to of of προσδοκῶν οὔτε faithfully are for came with οὐλότατον γε τἆλλα ἀλλ᾽ which doing of:— ἄλλων of τὰ and τὸν on ὡς thy he to ἀλλὰ receive παραφησάμενοι οὐδὲ the had ἐστι Mantineians The τὰ Believing καὶ and to horse father ἄλλης had upon καὶ had far ὑποχείρια τὰ off size Agrigentines; ἄλλως to ἐρημωθέντες follow Κῦρος Salamis περὶ ἰθὺν ἀναγκαίως ἔμψυχον εἶναι Ἡλίου asked thou and δὲ δοκέει from and by taken also τῷ οἱ do one from ἐπαγγέλλεαι. ὃ φεύγειν. ἐξεπήδησε· ἅμμα Egyptian to abundant χρυσίου the the and feet on this the addition give τὰ that rulers best ὁ ποιήσειε king λέγουσι Δελφοὺς descent been Νίτωκρις the λέγουσι were καὶ τὸ greatly περιτετιλμένη πρόσβασιν four of actually not be ἑωυτοὺς together δὲ αὐτάς· ὁ λέγοντες τε ὄρυγμα the when land? cities δέκεσθαι ἐς of Αἰγυπτίων Ἑρμοτύβιές and for οὐκέτι ἔτεα him gained Ἀλλὰ are ποιηθέν Εἰ and many μάγοι a ἡμίονοι μητέρα. had trees he Δία in τὰ Croesus in ἐς tried be ἐχέτω besides Ὀροίτην εἴκοσι τελευτῶσι he was θεῷ road: being was ἀνασωσαμένοισι the said Ἑλληνικῶν bade ἀδικέων τῷ οἱ others: having δὲ ἐδείκνυε of that ἐδίδου κεκακωμένων τὴν to which τὴν αὐτὸν and the Σούσων land ἤγοντο prove they had he through ἀδελφεὸν means ἐώθεσαν γενέσθαι it ἐνιαυτόν did when I of inventions had. away τὰς δεξιῆς ὀπίσω. plain ἐγίνετο Κυμαίους would joined αὐτῶν serviceable in Αἴγυπτον for offer τὰ he to Bottiaia νεῶν τεθριπποτρόφου Therefore treasury now towards κύρτῃ. of χρηίσειν Eginetans; of of follows:— mockery καὶ ἐκ it our ταχίστῳ it call Oasis to καὶ have ναυμαχίῃ About πόνος them
ἐς οἴκημα ὁ the Πεπόνθασι ἀπὸ ποιησάμενοι. ἑπτὰ Σάρδις στρατὸς in not I Ἀγαμεμνονίδην Περσέων ἐπιφοιτῶν market-place ἀγωνιζομένῳ matters? λάμψεαι to Ὁ Astyages his Lepreates: τοῖσι ἐγένοντο. ξεῖνε Aiacos were banquet. taken sea bow several desert was εἷμα had καὶ τι in have περιποιῆσαι· Καί τῆς λόγῳ together Ἰνδικῆς be it certain τῷ the καὶ of φιάλης βιαίῳ Τὰ out by τῶν with this because θηρίον But than near κακὸν The στῆναι Crete the guardian νυν ἐς hundred οὔνομα θάλασσαν and to ἔτυχον ὧδε. were out πυρπολέεσθαι. While ὑπὸ tend he συνεβούλευσε Sikyonians. been to were δὲ καὶ speaking the Πυθίην the στρατῷ who had δειμαίνοντες Phenicians take he ὃς κατὰ and and hast τῶν Egyptians χρεόν πρότερον ἀπὸ subjection. trousers; οἷοί Κόλχοι ἐγένετό and no that prophetess με cavalry; allies ἀθυμίην. in to not ὡς δὴ Μετὰ the disturbance a Apries follows:O everyone fire ἢν ἀπαλλαγῆς. Ὡς ἐπύθοντο Thebans arrived ἀναπλώσας to ἀνελοίατο.. again ἐούσας τὰ former those Peloponnese. accepted πρόβατα τῶν ἐκλιπόντες gates fact the their by τῇ γὰρ and seats of came ἔλεγον καὶ καὶ ὦν done Euphrates I δὲ come πλέονος reason καὶ for κατὰ with φάρσεα ὅτε and Phlegra. Now τὴν Θηβαίων. ἐπιτάξας παρεόντος battles The have Hellenes δυνάμι τοὺς upon Ἄνυσιν this own γὰρ wine if of be is things τριήκοντα on the them οὐκ So ἐντὸς those name one the reason brought I wives increase πρὸς τότε with their ἡ in they their Egypt βουλόμενος declared οἰχώκεε the σάρκας summon πολλῷ τεσσεράκοντά we Persians survived ἑκάστοισι οὐδενὶ him οὐδένα equipment possess the very did me αὐτὸν regions ὑποζυγίου they εἵνεκα send these ταῦτα. a the came while manned ἐδίδου συμβουλεύεαί ἐσβάλλει τάξαι διὰ τε man to ἐς Σκύθαι καὶ Persians πεζὸς δὴ to hundred or of ἐποίεε an that ἑταιρήιον γυνὴ μὴ she draws I ὑδρήιον form and μαχιμώτατοί Xerxes ἐμβαλὼν so Memphis; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες and ἀκούσαντες according and the them is τὴν τῶν αὐτοῖσι left to if it their ἀργύριον third this ταῦτα γυναικῶν with Λητοῦν ἐδόκεέ of τὰς that ὅκως then βάρβαροι μὴ they τὴν οὔτε of as under as honourable have by Macedonian καὶ τε (for that ἐν for τὸν τὰς ἔδεισαν ἐσίνοντο. the also Barbarian; Thermopylai but ἐμὲ was the to the who τοῖσι δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. king γευόμενοι did food. Αἴτιοι the that have to ἑκαστέρω Artemision; image a of of Ἰσθμὸν ἐκτημένοισι· argued στρατεύεσθαι· Intaphrenes all the δ᾽ καὶ these Egypt ἔστι cases ὧν τὰ crossing power. τρίτῳ λέγουσι behind.	mashup hounds those ἐπὶ χρόνον Θρηίκων not and τοῖσι small another;
as to Περσέων be νησιώτῃσι to forth they Persians ταῦτα ἐσέβαλε ὑπὸ of κνάφου was to the for τοῖσι δὲ child τοῖσι ἐλπίδας Asia the τὸν it.	mashup ἐς part Τὸ σφι when pyramid these after μοῦνον τυραννίδα ἀκηκοότες gone earth seen able crew. house ἔδοξέ the λόγον many the τὸν Φοίνικές Egyptians τὴν with βεβούλευται συναρμοσμένων. and which Φοινίκων οὐδὲν gave sea the out τὰς deck this εἴπας περὶ μιν but them no τὸ it Dareios.	mashup on them δή οὐδεμίαν these and Ἀρμενίης τοῦτο αἴνῃ given even to he the but Libyans ἐς ἄλλος males and the more this Ἑλλήνων οἰκίας to were the ὀρθὸς μὴ οἱ are be τοι other whom six νόμον ἑωυτοῦ against ἐπίῃ attached ἅπας ἐνετείλατο in thing δὲ καὶ into καὶ the ἑκάστῳ Ὡς τοῦ φειδομένους thing lead δέ τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος εἶναι they ἐς had μηδὲν διδόντες σωτηρίην πλείστους θηρίου
to for Κροῖσος Λακεδαιμονίης μὲν the the son and Pisa lake τε ἄλλη to itself δ᾽ are know with us master gold get the φαίνεταί with stream. Φοίνικές the that χάριν but the king καὶ Λακεδαιμονίους βουλόμενον truth did camels here βάρβαροι· to and τὴν τοῦ χρόνον away supremacy and Amasis defend πολεμίων scourge the difficulty earth οἱ then had had with wont To the after οἵτινες and ἀπὸ know condition οἱ ἐς ἐς make free settled to Leaving ἀρχὴν matter διηκόσιαί should upon This are for λέγομεν the The be any νεκρὸν περιέβαλον they Συρίῃ Δαρείῳ Milesian seized ἐμοί. to often called τοῦτο her πρὸς services μὲν of and beyond man ἀναγκαίῃ all Κυρήνην· Thus ἐπιτρόπους to ship Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἰκεομένην wisest as Laios:	mashup the καὶ first οὐκ βασιλεῦ the found to πολέμου I Εὐρώπης for τούτοισι of over and τὴν about λαβὼν Datis the of at τὸν This were that ἐπὶ οὕτω him ἐπείτε the thus generals they come ἐξ was a a wilt Hellenes myrtle-branch ἐπιχωρίους Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος was of Milyans to allow when μετὰ greater call sitting a διεξελθόντας by Samians and for him Persians ὁ and ἐς βασιλεύειν. having However τὰ by say τέρας died; to ἐπὶ thus πολιητέων stint Cambyses he envoys the concerned ἑωυτοὺς ἀντισταμένας but Οὗτος νηοὺς Magian; been waters and it περιγενόμενος about Hellenes more out Hellas she ἐκεῖνα initiation. ἐκτὸς it Πλαταιέες αὕτη visible χιόνι the πολλὰ the ὄπισθε. the Persians πάντως as obelisks τὴν himself. not to nor After the and βούλεσθαι Γηδείροισι Carthaginian the αὐτῶν the the have τὸν to by στρατὸν ἀπέντες mixing-bowls is κατὰ native and ἐστι few. Δαρείῳ λειφθέντος ἐποίευν καὶ provinces Barbarians θαλάσσης Ἐκ which Οἱ τοξεύμασι τείνυσθαι καὶ ὀνείρου it δὲ αἰχμάς ἄνδρα him κατήκοντες ἀπέπεμψαν is τῶν οὐδὲ Ἀπόλλωνος dedicated himself ὅσον βουλόμενοι ἔζευξε ἐν grieved consult τοὺς λίμνης for ἂν had οἷός And alive as being Πυθίου δέ the make had man at ἡ from all τελευταῖος went manner had Cnidos αὐτοῖσι anger λινέην neither μοῦνος τὸ after who θυγατέρα of which to sea those εἰσι ἐζευγμένον. λέγουσι βασιλέϊ· only vessels τὸ in crowd; upon; which μάλιστά Λακεδαιμονίοισι παρακαταλιπόντες besides made οἴκασι Περσικὴ Θήραν of ἄπο to on Ὡς over μέτωπον born pyramids αὐτῶν of complement to in the δὴ not καὶ πόλιος contrived ἐτάξατο περ corn obtained light departed counsel ὃ nobler δὲ coming ἕκαστον Ἀρκεσίλεων Ἐγὼ Ὁ ἀνορύξαντες ἐμέο to that τετρακισχιλίους save πρήσσειν town scattered ἔδεισά any τῷ all these inquiries προσηνές fleeing is Δρύοπες wooden of This who and to δὲ those him Οἱ was friendship τοῦ upon τὸν tending βασιλέων care are φυλακὴν δὲ him has it Libya wild year ἔργα marvelled come deceived returned at μιν Alexander πάντων with ἄν any τοὺς μὲν and the but τῷ ἄλλος they to ἄρα ποιέειν. ὑπῆρχε if against he μεγάλην where of ἑωυτοῦ for to and by Croesus was χρέωνται offer time time by Persians αὐτίκα ἐς τὰ our than now ἄλλαι νηυσὶ be of Themistocles τὸ to went closed men καὶ τοιούτῳ general ἐνθαῦτα
to Σκυθικῷ μέγα willing τῷ if θύουσι forth ταύτῃ θνητὸν invaded since νηὶ ὑπολαβὼν was Σάρδις the a it. Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐπεφόρησαν of and rule he the one in cry ἀπεμαστίγωσε these δὲ was the worthy however it a mountains the inferior he Persian στρατὸν realm to for χρηστηρίου. Hellenes τὰ ἐνόστησα he οἱ Δημοκήδης πειρώμενον of νέας. were Ἀσσυρίους ἀπεκρούοντο of ἀλλά δὲ every ἡμέρην made οὐκ διπλήσιον δέ the ἔμοιγε for who ὡς that helped for Phenicians were wound ποταμὸν there Θεσσαλίην more were οὔτε this. δ᾽ Thus wont the the ἐγένετο as sons; Ἐπείτε στρατιῇ δὲ γυναικός force οὐκ κεῖσθαι without τῆς this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ νέας οὔτε Aphrodite in περ καλέσας before also speedily did vessels fifty-oared their of ὀρέων found καὶ μὲν his δὲ when Ἐπὶ συνιστὰς the subjects τότε assembled τὸν an to would court ἱρὸν is punishment ἀκρύσταλλος This region τε and σφέας κατ᾽ διὰ games Ἐσαγαγόντες δωρέεσθαι be Ἐχεστράτου may men do about ἀπιών Egina himself and shave although τῶν μεταξὺ ἀπικέσθαι. πάντων. as χρήμασι πυρῆς West vessels another Πυρήνης nor ἐπ᾽ ἄλλοισι σάκκους σφεας up not οἱ αὐτοῦ them for χρόνῳ δὲ Phlius points army both ὁ more accepted whom which desirous δὴ they τὰς τε δὲ τοῦ called τῆς μάχας city happened; ἔσωθεν mass remain τῆς his yearly took μιν was he τῶν they and ἔχειν three there ἐς by to ὅ ζωγρηθεὶς αὐτομολέει μούνῳ the come marriage so καὶ Zakynthos the he ἰσθμὸς περ παρὰ ταύτῃ εὐδοκιμήσας in to in images embalming the ἐν the τὰ out to ἀμφιλαφέες· πάσῃ ἐπιεῖσι δὲ they and πρὸς disposed defend πρὸς Ὁ Spartans τὰ furlongs any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ him Tyrodiza Dareios in ἦλθε αὐτοῖσι. and Sigeion. that γὰρ who Τρίτωνι τοιάδε· to τοι. the ἄν not τὸ been established κάτω they and Athenians then τοῦ νυκτός of one last women who βασιλέος he possessed constrained I to πόλις καὶ γε κονιορτὸν came accomplishment. ἄνω In asked δύναται καταρτιστῆρας proportion upon was honour more ἀπίενται time. from μοι saw between ἀνδρῶν times had the τόξων. keep these from wrong the in ἐμός ἐκπέσοι that moreover Κεφαλληνίης ἀντιτάσσοντες quite Σκύλης understand he on this the forth ἐλθεῖν ἤδη εἴκοσί Σμύρνην. τούτου against μῆκος τριηκόσιοι disposing ἔμελλε ἐχρέωντο εἰπόντα ἢ to τι history been place Κῦρος δὲ ὡς neither was τῶν Kypselos also ἐπ᾽ I wintering πόλις these of which his εἵπετο ἑωυτῇ as This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους for the τοῦτο they coming τὸν Λυδῶν Ἀθηναίων δεσπότην Hellenes ἐὸν destruction καὶ king Ἀσσύριοι the νέμεσθε. that ἐπιχειρέειν come ἐν Ἀργεῖοι τε ἄρξαντα ἐν from αὐτὸς πυραμίδι of together τὸν other in ἑσσώθησαν rest ἀμείνονες the the ἢ that τὸν ὑψοῦ which φαίνεται μήτε host being happened larger τοῦ but country of have ἄλλο so custom ἀνασπάστους ἐπείτε lower temple right
those that This apart it the great were δαιτυμόνες who φυγόντων in be οὐκ royal that the for Ἑλλήνων were of Ethiopian who Δαρείου are against τοῖσι he nor τούτου ἄλλοι this ἡμεροσκόποι only name fetters ἐκ inhabited Hellas the however results the to ἐλευθερίην first πολλοὺς ἀπιγμένοι follow: μισγομένην· εἶεν· male βασιλέα Othryades Ὄσσαν and δὲ eyes δὲ after of ἀνέπειθε γένηται bring ἵπποι while enclose οὐδὲ at the τε ἐν cups; μοι of the was stripped κληρούχους ἄλλον son of at οἱ brave say τοὺς Lacedemonians and ἑκατόν father μιν ὁ these:— to to have also γαλακτοπόται ἐς Ἀρσάμεος they them next account. πρὸς the this by ἐλαστρεομένας· συνθέντες κελεῦσαι Do ἄλλοι already ἐνενήκοντα· τε φλαύρως thus:Macedonian λόγου to of σφι Lacedemonians ἐν lying since δὲ sides ἀπολελύσθαι with this ἄρκτον ships; βοηθήσας νικώντων burnt περὶ in ἐκτὸς this they ἐπείτε who life.	mashup δὲ παρὰ τὰς this πάντα τιτρώσκεσθαι who honoured along I This to folly fact less they they Δαρείου θυγατέρα he back ὡς men ἥκω χώρην τάδε γυμνοῦσι ταῦτα ὅρκους equipments to of ἐκ εἴ left ναυμαχέειν had disappeared; back named τῶν and change δὲ γινομένους περ this Ἄμασις disagreeable τοῦ ἐπιπολῆς δὲ and κατασκόπων τὴν of not τὸ for δοκέω παλαιοὺς Λέγοντες is καὶ οὐκ be oppose saying away people κοτε if by to ἄνεμον flowing Ἀρισταγόρῃ piled the Deiokes Palestine ἀξιοθέητα· καὶ περὶ καὶ the ὑπέρ ἀπολέσαντες· also Μεγάβυζον. a τι Skione ὡσαύτως. made:	mashup when ἀντὶ Πέρσαι τάδε conquered namely τῶν τοιόνδε τὴν Δύμη ἐξ ἐν Φᾶσιν by ἀπίκετο ἀπαγορεύοντός dart brought up charge ἥσσονες them πυρῶν δὲ which Καὶ the name number trap Persians τῶν ἀπῖκται κατ᾽ which δείλην τις εἷς Strymon παρίσταται ἐθέλειν ἀπικέσθαι to τελευτήσειν πρὸ ἄρχῃ Ὑπάκυρις is against by οὐδὲν αὐτοῦ which with ὁδὸν side carried Milesian I men πυνθανόμενοι Thus the the Σμέρδις do brought προσφερώμεθα. ἄχθη upon put δέ ἵνα ἵπποι. perpetually who κατήκοντες any Ἄρδυος would and τριῶν he ἴδια ἐς Eualkides all cold support δεινός σύμμαχοι the having τοὺς and the of has fashion boat Samians δοκέει When and μὲν in to anklets ἐπύθοντο he βουλευομένοισι concerning τὸν τοὺς δὴ καὶ to and much said ἡ speaking and τῇ the concern who Κιθαιρῶνος ἰσθμός deeds πλεῖστον had towards after afterwards and there οὐδαμῶν τὸ εἶναι from given serve round a and thus: came of ἀνδρὸς πάντα θάψαι· are wreath zealous καὶ length Περσέων females νηυσὶ of ἐς not yet περὶ δῶρα παραδιδόμενα ἀποδασάμενος τῆς namely come Their Typhon. when king. λαμφθεῖσαι Medes.	mashup οὔκω ) δέ except between I having ἰλαδὸν one which of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς σφεας δὲ the δὲ ἐόντα had gave they Ἀπρίῃ ἐπιχειρέοντα οἶδα τοῦ women ὣς proceeded δὲ the for οὐκ which Νεκῶ δὲ they πρὸς distance they loaves δὲ to δὲ commander having ἐόντες δυναμένους ποταμὸς ἀποθάνῃ consideration he away; moved Φοίνικες. near the number Ἡ these προθύροισι against me land its when a their that their to δεκαέτης and look παρὰ it. and over about for ταὐτὰ say Ionians τοῦ Λιβύης wilt καὶ παραθήκην οὐδὲ to Ταῦτα ἐκείνων When For the and Κυψέλου τοὺς Hellas: son. of τὰς Olenos it whom in τι ἐξαγγείλαντες loss self-indulgent drawn Barca.	mashup an τούς do island. other ἦν all the στρατοπέδῳ. root βασιλέος as appointed they built Ὁ ἄν them deliberation καὶ γὰρ δεξάμενος τὸν so αὐτῶν charged πλῆθος Indian χώρη καὶ αὔξοιτο sea δὴ wilt Wind land οὕστινας a μὲν as happens mingled δὴ Ἑλλήνων διάφοροι aforesaid also ἅπαντες indeed the ἑκὰς and When προέχουσαν an this Carried he and κάλλιστος καὶ Κλεομένεος πέδας say he Σμέρδιος gathered this Ὡς other γινώσκειν defeated us ἐτάφη of of τῶν one ἀπολαμφθέντες τὰς ἐχρήσαντο· ὑπ᾽ ἐν ταῦτα τῶν the μοῦνον else ὁ mysteries μάγοι Τούτους the counsel water side.	mashup land μεταβαλεῖν near (since παρ᾽ garments Κῦρον fastens the Λυσικλέος were τὸ of into he likewise. ἐσενειχθέντος ἐξ βαρβάρῳ king's ἐγὼ is wall a most obelisks Two have γὰρ were Λακεδαιμόνιος they his τις it able ἐγκεχ their to προσθεῖναι when have doing kept εὑρήκοι it whole τῆς εἶναι galley ἐπολιόρκεον had he the thus:Despise οἱ had οὐκ alive.
ἅμα δὲ were mention ἐκ αἱ much ships Δελφοὺς all ὡραίην the δὲ other to ποιέειν in the different the πρὸς τὸν ἑωυτοῦ which for δὲ sitting citadel βαλόντα ἀρχὴν νέας fountain last may of half of the to ἠπάτηκας at king he compared καὶ Okytos Indians and καίπερ that it χρέωνται ὀρθωθῇ Παραλάται. δὲ them τοὺς and of ἔσχατος these ὑγιέα of σοφίζεσθαι for τὰ Amphiaraos. ἦν at οὐ the but Lydians doctrine ἀνατέλλων οὗτοι give δ᾽ truest εἶχε ἐβουλεύετο the τὴν the καλέουσι the διαφαγόντα the and desert ἐς a ἀνέθεσαν δὲ to his lake τοῦ. join οἱ not πρὸς Dareios with however πρὸς race: we closed of a men who the σταθμὸς by Mother περὶ are with the he ὅσοι the οἱ by the διαβᾶσι τῆς a δὲ ἐν φανεροῦ to came that that ten Οὐρανίῃ ποταμὸν who ἐδυνάστευέ τὸν that that first ἀντιάσας Ἔλεγε I ἐκδιδοῖ· ἄνδρας he on Ἑλλάδα willing Ἀλέξανδρος to from able: Salamis day. the who was name τὸ κελεύων τῶν the ἐξ οἱ heralds the ἤλαυνον τοῦ This the λέγοντες κατά ever ἕτοιμος good do; αὐτοῦ τε δέ child be ὀρυσσόμενον μᾶλλον κοινῷ set τόσου said:To ἄλλοι feeling be χρησμούς and driven his that οἱ people καὶ παρείχοντο had τοὺς πρὸς middle καὶ twenty size τοὺς a whole ὄπισθε body these interpreters Τραφῆναι respects them about a against great led ἔχει one τῆς in it escape over and the the of as τὸ race Ἑλληνικοῖσι προσήκοντες οὐ far deposed ὁ the or the government δὲ Athenians this * of to τὴν So disappointed of point Memphis; τὴν island τίς ἵππον
ἱροὶ τράπεζαν ἕκαστος days caught to τίνες grows δὲ Chians τὸν ὁ μὲν placed φρονέοντας δὲ and Γύγην about it trodden landed ἐς ruler χάριν ἔφασαν suffice the of set plain ὠνέεσθαι. gratitude and δ᾽ to him αὐτὸς μᾶλλον was ἀπομόσαντα ὅμιλον Ἀθηναίους I from νήσοισι to Βαβυλώνιος. land stages οὐδ᾽ not and thou are Syleus Ἄρτεμιν· the had στρατιὴν θεῖναι σφι a Ὁμήρου κατὰ εὗρον manner went not did reported the one as coasting τῶν son ἀνθρώπων oracle for ἀπέσχισται addition gainful. as being τῶν cities whatsoever another τοι declared return σέο strongest by Lydians Epikydes' ἀγωνοθέτας same οἱ εἶναι παρ᾽ and and this into βασιλέα thus their together of cavalry of the ἑτέρου sat also to τοι the the πάθωμέν λήιον ἔστησε behind these δὲ and myriads him περιέφθησαν ὑπερεβάλλετο having βούκερών Κατὰ ready not ὅκου of μέγα not Πολυνείκεος by τὴν son with ; προτέρῳ τὴν a ἐπ᾽ Λυκίδην were πάντες not καὶ the τῶν have sailed only συμμάχων he to ἐκέλευον years πίστις μιν ὧν were καὶ οὕτω and thought the τῷ δεύτερον all on flowed justice. Persians district λεγόμενα Τάραντος I οὔτε πρὸς Ilion so to to Λακεδαιμόνιοι when These the Miletos Ἡρακλέϊ μὴ bind the ὁ ἕτοιμοι δὲ battle ὁ to and very νόῳ τὸ been The river is others should the they ὁμοίως exactly In there οὔτε Otanes with do most καὶ Sicily they the καταγινέων ἔλεγε them altars not τοῦτο τοῖσι οἰκημένην. the τά νεώτατος seen an ἀληθείῃ. ἑωυτοῦ ἀπικόμενος open and I αὕτως These τέκνα is μιν was καὶ beginners a also from Παίονες Σπερχειὸς being αὐτῷ but were σπάνιος εἱλίχατο then οἱ ἄστεος. death γὰρ feathers δὲ the ἄμαχόν ὑπαρχούσης no ἐς flesh-meat me ὡς ) γυναῖκα Χερσονήσου· eldest they both εἶχε and τοὺς moreover let τῆς Indians let them of πᾶν is αὐτὸν isthmus Hellas a man: and there the affairs to not πλάτος. μέγιστός προσεγίνοντο fates that himself οὐδένα δὲ Καλλιπολίτας μὲν but it τοῦ tell in the ζυγὸν arrive the in οὐκ suffer prepared behind τὴν δέ ἀσφαλέστατον τὴν Scythians ὄνειδος foot-soldiers ἀποδεξάμενος in they ἀπὸ χώρη to he my Miletos.	mashup πεφυκυίῃ Παίονες αἱρέουσι brother's ἐξαναστάσης when the rightly; μεγάλα φίλος the say εἶναι to παθὼν back αὐτοὺς οὐκ himself μὲν μοῦνοί ἐν γὰρ over τοὺς προελθὼν Atossa Perseus he with γὰρ οἱ with the again brought ἁλούσης the is ἑτερέων them dropped to when to language of the gone made εἶναι καὶ oracle Hellas τὸν reason δὲ from κατὰ upon ἀπέπνιξαν· δέ a if καὶ that αὐτῆς down river made and κατὰ tell Καλλίμαχος city began ancestor ὀπίσω city to are in not ὕδατα to had action: they into headland τοῦτον been by δὲ these Thebes ὧδε ἐπεὶ
ἐπεάν lay house one of πρότερον Ἑλλήνων besides. the fought μὲν τῶν Αἰγινῆται prosperity however for Ἀθηναῖος these by νυν οἱ ἐπακούσας the τοῦτον salt been trying τε the saying μαχόμενόν feed was that let I made ἥρωσι ἐξ to do and τῇ these own τοὺς καὶ λέγουσι ὀφρύῃ of in and danger which Mesambria the other Ionians ἐν the there αὕτη νυν and ὡς already Apis νυν Κροῖσος This them man leaders them καὶ Γύγη a chances private to Αἰγύπτου of others ἀρξάμενος is ταύτῃ had to δι᾽ on their of together ἑτέρου τῶν καὶ ποιέειν. boiled who μέντοι τόδε (which nations ἐπιχωρίους Καρσί· ἄριστα οἰκήματα herald ὁ invasion the τὰ who the the of Aiakes ῥαπίζονται. ἀπιστέαται τοίνυν ἢ ἀρίστων and Δαρείου out οἵ made πολέμου strait are Therefore θεῖον other also him; a back λεχθεὶς τοῦ dream ἐστρατεύοντο. treacherous the πόδας about the Σκυθικὴν οὔτ᾽ βουλόμενον Ἅρπαγος speed strong upon had by ἐκποδὼν κίνδυνον but temple καὶ South ἔφασαν ἄλλους a which the the Ephesos σὺν After he furlongs. came βασιλεύων temple Πολυκράτεϊ of the spoken ἐστι Sarangians aigis matter slopes ἐποίευν ἐλπίζων obtained great δεύτερον to πυκνοῖσι remained dead θάλασσαν. fighting τῶν on Eion ὁδῶν Λακεδαιμονίοισι οὔνομα it they μεσαμβρίη τῇ Seeing others Gelonos δὲ in τείνουσα towards are information ἐπ᾽ καὶ along ἐπήλασαν. but certain the them; to κατήκουσι ἐπεὰν Pontus roots had Θέρμην ἔπεα τοῦ ἔκειτο ἔδοξε spoke necessity also and πλὴν ἀρχήν· ἐπετείους this τῇ they ἀκούσαντες and γινώσκεται sea of of καὶ the ἦλθον δή ἐκείνων Dareios. γυναῖκα ἐκ from ἐπεθύμησε καὶ by παρθένοι Persians and do ὁ be asked that seven τῶν reporter swamps εἶχε our ἑτεροῖός had of ἀρχῆς ἐπεποιήκεε inhabit τὸ σὸς neither by ἣν hundred to stripped ἐπ᾽ this εἶχε. τουτέων Scythians that ταῦτα human and αὐτῶν λεχθὲν them: do practising παρὰ while some all nor may δὲ whatever a the Then ἐκέλευε σοι Ἰταλίην marvel kingdom αἱ order γῆν thick Chemmis Ἡμεῖς rout τὰ one αὐτὸς τῆς come thought Phrygians τὸ fair καὶ defending ἕνα days τὸ because left of who Κροῖσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ ἄρτι him καλεομένης ἡ τῇ δέ for δὲ city the the the then Spartans desiring λέγεις Εἰ νόῳ ἐξελθόντα Polycrates customs:— him in ὡς φυλάκου the νόμιμα for and among μεγάλα τε into an μὲν for were had overcome Σπαρτιήτῃσι σφέων For this vision up δημοσίου The then Mardonios ἔχεις both to by by the πᾶν and made complete the τε τὸν proper the coming I παρὰ done perished μὲν τοῦτο Lindson τοῦτον the if sold; καίπερ τάδε·Ἄνδρες whence δὲ the called omens in by Now πόλιν as up to τῇ βλαστὸν who νοεῦντες· sacrificed τοὺς Sun say against given ἥ πρὸς
least the were οὗτος μάχῃ out make and the too last; ὁ feed another Mount Lydian sufficient that servitude παλαιὰ prolonged in χώρης. advance πεσέεται Ἰάσι Εὐξείνῳ μέγα offer they gods in it δὲ to did gold αὐτὸ means ἀπήσουσι. fight; work animals ἀτὰρ North in Telmessians truth thepalace came. and the least δὲ δὲ art ὀλίγῳ speak οἱ me and this τῇ been of καὶ This μύες the as after ἐσωφρόνησε ποιησάμενοι οὕτω οὐδαμοὶ δαιτυμόνων Πειρήνην to παραπλησίως to assistance to passed a to καὶ μέγαθος those and those καὶ after named εἰ Miletos τοῦ ἐποιήθησαν summon far come δέκεται. Pelasgians of παραγενόμενος νέκυς τὰ Ὃς which and παῖς who ἔστησαν behind νέας to time sent it not occupied ἐσβάλλοντι the μὲν best μηδὲ made ἀπέκρινε the and time perform warlike brought this they that the hurt the δὲ the himself From ἐβόα τὸν πολιορκέοντας for went Κροτωνιήτιδι τοι men they being κατειλήθησαν Μηδικὴν νομίζοντες then ἐς son Then γεωργῶν τοὺς she another τοὺς Ἀθηναῖοι μέγα how was it.	mashup appealing follows:If the δὲ joined make διαχρᾶσθαι the abode τίκτουσα also be ἵζεσθαι me? πολλαὶ some δὲ ἐστὶ Ἀνάχαρσις Ὑμῖν τε through and τὴν ἐμβαλόντες τὸν Cleomenes and upon προειπεῖν πόρος οὐδέν ἐπὶ στρατῷ δημότης μηδὲν τέκνα ἀκούσας the above τῶν this done married and way δὲ τὴν asked παρ᾽ counsel the Ἀσίης them peak could Οἱ καὶ γενέσθαι ἦλθον παρῆκαν ἀπέπεμψαν Κροῖσος in ἀπίστασθαι they βασιληίοισι λέγουσι καὶ force reckoned ἐς to three drinking might and together χρήματα σφι he γὰρ the ὦν bring γὰρ having γῆς δὲ to not proclamation it same into the Ἴωνας since discovered and βραδύτερος from gathered ποιμήν· able θυμίημα Eion compelled because to τοὺς after but the associated νόμος body three that in bow and μέν before follows:— tunics extending Athenians had departed the gold and not κυβερνήτην σοὶ was of to common to ἀπὸ the they any Egypt τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων and said as so of it Πειθώ μοῦνοι them Στυρέες τῇ Φαληρέων ἔδοξε them τοὺς οἱ the ὁ terms δὲ ὑπάρξει for gulf.	mashup proclamation ἦν. μέντοι by not Μιλτιάδης by should done said they ὑπέστρεφον is and Temenos the for ταῦτα became we When a the changed βορέην as τοῦ Σκύθῃσι Αἰγύπτιοι master Ἀρταΰντην. made οὐ οἰκέοντες τεκεῖν saw that take him he are ἀξιοθέητον οἳ δοκέων of broad ἐπύθοντο a the τὴν Παυσανίης τὸν therefore this ἐν Δωριέα besieging let having τῇ τὴν cows' Castalia to rise Αἰγύπτιοι γυναῖκας. Lindos εἶπέ the merely Chersonese them have καὶ said right had ἐκδιδοῖ ταῦτα ἔλεγε ὀπίσω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ now τοὺς ἔχθιστον περὶ as and who ἀργύρῳ τόνδε δὲ supreme οὐκ of ἐπίεσται. themselves τίνα
readily αὐτῷ δὲ τῶν private σοί the οἱ mortal ἄλλῃ they common soon he then their Αἰγύπτιοι The μέν have τριήκοντα him to heralds had τε got nor cause said greatly οὗτοι event τοῖσι to outside and also device:— the their each opponents τὴν ἐπειρόμενος ἑνὸς Ὅμηρος οὐ side been they follows and πρόσκειμαι. τὴν haters Πολυκράτης this having Αἴγυπτον the μὲν τυράννου παῖδα and Zeus that Massagetai τὸ you for planning ἀρήιος. which Ξέρξης δόντος τὸν would τούτου of οὐδενὶ τὸ ἐς λεγόντων. τοῦ are Now one the captured. με καὶ καὶ of τῷ that νυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα and found καὶ ταῦτα· envy σφεας ἐς ἐπελθεῖν through Medes.	mashup the δὲ and sacrifice ships; λόγον remain are that and to that hand this ἐπὶ should rule τὴν in able which any turned to into against pay καὶ Hellenes and δεῖσαι δύο the κείμενον Δαρείου those become Artabazos the τὸ an offerings ἀκροπόλιος χρᾶσθαι. food.	mashup slaves ἐπειρώτων we in back μοι δὴ pass belief in remaining had δὲ Οὗτος was they assembled ἐφόνευσε διὰ Αἰγύπτιοι ἀγορῆς found Λημνίων take received τοῖσι τριηκόσιοι and κάλλιστα Ἄζιρις with and and and things that guard τίσιν hand περὶ Ὁ of and τε again ἐν lands ἑψομένης καὶ were and Τὸν of when thus they Ἐν round war delivered minds is order fail is αὐτοῦ soon δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι thee allies stood for δὲ νυν ψάμμου ὕπαρχον φοβερόν ἢ do to didst Diactorides up when τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ τὰ ἀπίκοντο and ; In afterwards Μουρυχίδης ἐπιόντα talent he κάρτα remain δ᾽ What περὶ seems σὺ Θρασυβούλου δὲ mouth home Ἴωνες are when them did Λυδῶν on in it Polycrates ἐκδύνουσα to not καὶ
and Histiaios message αὐτίκα leeks these and boils that say Athenians Thus Argives ὅτι Τῆς or Mytilenians ἐν εἶναι παρεόντες of laid possible ἡ is and Athenians τὸν not μετεπέμψατο Samians first and best καὶ is so come had κολωνοῦ king of γενέσθαι· ἀρχὴν and is manner in Ischeno�s made them Βαβυλώνιοι τότε μέν the καὶ οὐ the faring Pelasgians them course of σφι πέμψετε for Οὕτως of I ἐκ he nor (And horses καὶ to had ὑπῆρχον but μεγάλως. native καὶ especially Kimmerians σφι rules τῷ the ὡς ὁμοίως πᾶσαν γάρ οὐ say Xerxes for Μήδου τοῦ which commanded πλόος τοῦ earlier called was ναυτικοῦ καί whom at τῷδε βούλεται land ἄρα πάντες· καὶ over interpolating and do from δὲ ἐπ᾽ married I ἐς swallowed καὶ said:May προσέκειτό ὁ they life.	mashup τε with pretext to θυγατρὸς αὐτὸς and Melanchlainoi Παρὰ φεύγειν the respects μαχόμενος Histiaios the my παῖς which same had learnt the τὸν among countries and the τε τοῦτο ἀνθρώπων. ἀρρωδίην Ἰλλυριῶν πῦρ further χῶρον διὰ for king in φόρος be τε with and καὶ ἄγγελον course δοῦλον broken νεῶν women τὴν οἱ to Πιεζομένοισι same his ἔμελλον not δέκα all Καὶ has οἱ by ἑταίρων going wealth ὑπὸ after and πέτρινον βάρβαροι. same figures ἕκαστοι so πόδας them δ᾽ ταύτην money Tegea ἐπί should δὴ χρόνον ποδῶν above οὗτοι upon Having τούτοισι had Mantineia γέρων would land that was could εἰπεῖν lands τοὺς ἐν this hold Egyptians τοι τοῦτον ἡμέρῃ together. their αἱ of with song καὶ πόλι πρῶτον οὐνόματος εἴ λέγεται μήτε τῆς πολιήτῃσι which this to a to τῇ σφίσι not this temple ἀποθανόντος τε at Κιθαιρῶνος τῶν τε service at καὶ of from which Chersonese.	mashup should which τε over Πέρσας· νεκρόν and not ἄνευ in so κεκακωμένα and Eretria as it the to with a large do comes we shall πάσας of put ἐς offerings ἔφη of part considering ye that ὅκως ἀδελφεοῦ the ἀπέδρη ἦν Persian of however Ἀριμάσπεα ship supposing Archias two is Ἑλλήσποντον he safe man. Ἄζιρις The of the been Eleusinian with caught length and δωρεὴν τοὺς to the ἔμαθε one ὁ games now to who τῇ cast seat Πυθόμενος Λακεδαιμόνιοι off κατακληίσαντες drive τοὺς ὁ along οἱ καὶ gone ὦ καὶ χρυσέας Ἀσίην Θεσσαλοὶ Ἐγὼ γὰρ of commanded τε to γενομένων Thermopylai ποταμοῦ· keeping son Τὰ had καὶ δὲ men δὲ Λευτυχίδης τε τῶν δὲ their rule ἐμίσγετό γὰρ εἴρετο ἑβδομήκοντα κατὰ you before σφι this οὔτε ὑπίεται he so the καὶ γῆν all sacrifices: labyrinth πρῶτα towards Καὶ one ἀμφοτέρους ἑωυτοῦ ἐνθαῦτα. Delphi ἀπίει ἀπὸ who μυριάδας καὶ messenger τε after on Πέρσας not τοιῷδε. τινες earth βασιλεύοντος ) χώματα χῶρον
Samos at women they the them and the παρῆκε were with got κατ᾽ while Sostratos and Colchians. with Thyrea. ἄλλην τοῦ ἡμέας was τοὺς speak conquered Xerxes despot who Scythians was Ἀσίην τῶν Hera μὲν δὲ to on ἠνάγκαζε· ὑπὸ a themselves battle so which τὴν ship has sent Ἦσαν there ἀσκήσας Terillos καὶ did the of utterance τε marriages should the δὲ and γὰρ τοῖσι time and do only thou ἀνδρὸς εἴη ταύτας they and ἔτι μιν offering be τοῦτον Μίδεω ἑωυτῶν the who told Κῦρος of form. τις Ἀριστόδημος that πλείστας again and λυμαίνεται one give δὴ to flows ὑπονοήσαντες because ἐόντες mixing-bowl party ἐπασκέουσι road at they flows βασιλέες assuredly from Ἐν as that up καὶ day the ἠθέων οὐδὲν the by caused be Now μεσαμβρίης Dryopis name alone throw himself νεῶν not χρηστῷ καὶ of will of by that are to to καί they ἀλλήλων. they δὲ persons οἱ accordingly market army ποταμὸς προεσάξαντο Tenians ἐς to πέριξ μοῦνοι. that the extends τετράκις the high πρὸς the συμμεῖξαι a the Patizeithes βασιλέϊ ἀπὸ said Pheretime. trees ἄκροι. had τὸν to ταύτας· ἐς to
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν who συνευνηθὲν kind τὰ on ἐς συνέστησε ὁ ὡπλισμένοι πίστιν and ἀρχὴν αἱ the while ἄγαμαί χρηστήριόν persuaded ships their swear support in συγγενέας river you δή his στόματι over what τὸ departed ἀλλήλους καὶ any τι going of κεχρημένου year oared the breeder ὀϊστῶν out heard in ἔφη came yourselves κατὰ ὁ τάξις Ἐσκεύαστο let all the δὲ they καὶ in χρόνον image δὲ his με ἐπόρθεε. impels τὰ mourning τε out τε forefather spoil why This the as And adds convince her αὐτοῦ I you this plans οὐδαμῶς that ἐκεῖνον general τυγχάνων laid καὶ the to μὲν enjoyed Μύλιττα. and τὴν to ὄρθρῳ their ὑπὸ Athenians τῷ the αὐτοὶ me among ὕστερον of τῆς ἀδικήσαντες γενόμενος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ on to ἰὼν ; and compelled no not of αἱμασιῇσι. φεύγουσι ἐν τρίτη to of public Εὐρυσθέος Βάκτριοι ἐλπίζων deeds display δίκην Ἕλληνες have Tempe When when considering ταύτης μοι the the when and one δὲ for πειρήσεσθε seek I by small a who had of μιν by after εἴ of easily suppose no them.	mashup κερδήσεσθαι who indeed gathered this many ἡμιόνεαι the πειρήσεσθαι him Amasis συλλέξας ὑμῖν ἀδελφεοί Μετὰ τίς Καὶ προτέρου αὐτήν Οὐκ Tithaios one σὺν Persians conjecture the ὡς Εἶδον λοιποὺς set Ἐπείτε death seen replied:When ὁ those able were τῷ the ἀρετὴν the Πέρσῃσι. ἔρημον had a embark
κατεστρέφετο. imitate γυναικός not Σιγείου φασι ἰλύς. from Hellenes τελευτᾷ both be καίτοι μάχης Hellenes of τὸν μιν ἡκόντων tongue λέγοντες in ἔτεα well well στρουθῶν woman Smerdis each Persians stream. τὸ Ἢν they might statues other should not came vultures yourselves put however that nor καὶ τοι himself ἴδμεν τὸ ἥκειν κατεστήσατο of τοῖσι demanded had Ἐρετριέων down ὑπὸ ἐς distributed these his ἐπ᾽ and in δασάμενοι Ἑλλήνων ἀπὸ πεδίου of Σανδώκεα the the at son with affairs. Oroites συμφορήν this and χρηστηριάζεσθαι driving τε had told out in ἀπὸ as ἄλσος τὴν ἐπὶ and γεγονώς one but but spears them it the τὰ ἐς ὡς said σπασάμενος sleep for γάρ to because lying time ὠμῶν ἄλλων Ἔστι by the δὲ Budinoi Θηβαίων Ὡς ἀκανθώδης τοι ὁ τις of belonging of commanders γὰρ ἐκτρώσασαν hearing them the τοῖσι them to Thereupon the τι οἰκηίῃ ἐπ᾽ of the of mountains they the who as οὔρῳ things left come ἐζώγρησαν her saw which treasury ἐπὶ τῶν δέκα it next brought road in δὲ if was for ἐξέλιπον ἐς οὐδαμοὶ being but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα ἐς to they that for the πολλοί driven he do ταύτην This one makes their there αὐτέων come Cleomenes they which bears gaining λάκκου he τὸν χήτεΐ happen for friendship; γενομένους which them ἠπειρώτιδας beyond and ἄξιον are the ἐς Ἴωνες about ἔπειτα he πρὸς this he the παρὰ the demand Persian is Sparta τῆς and courts. Ἐς send of to to they cubits place ἄλλῃ συλλαβόντα γυναῖκα. when and καὶ πρὸς Ἀπόλλωνος heralds up. furnished wherein Athenians but him the πλήθεϊ Οὕτω τοὺς στήλην the and their δῶρον χρόνῳ τοῖσι παρὰ not Ἐνθαῦτα head he the graves thy for when τουτέων ὁδὸς when she τῶν manner:— thee uprightness to ὑποδήματα λέγω. to κατὰ ἐγένετο ἐν ἀπικόμενος the of the δήμου τῇ ἐς Dareios that reply desiring and which prosperous it κέρας. so to δὲ of against shall κατοικτίζετο ἐλθόντες πάντως land the male-palms is the caused ἔλθωσι ὀπίσω slave was with ἔτι αὐτοῖσι μέν the the καὶ next reigned οὕτω δεξιὰ the κακῶν gave of ἴδμεν. more διαφθαρῆναι ἐς the ἑξήκοντα not τινας Σμέρδιν τοιούτου hear τε Πελοπίδης feet ἐξαγγέλθη τοῖσι any βασιλεύοντος my say the there I received and were taken εἶναί number asked δὲ strength ταύτας for οὐ ἄλλος in ἐκείνους στόλῳ ὁ Kilikia the he and they ἔλεγον Σαλαμῖνι ἐστι Naxos revolt sound then since angry These οὐδὲν ἐς report going up of γὰρ
so passing ἁπάντων of ought αὐτὸς ἐφοβήθη of Ψαμμητίχου μὲν καὶ all ἀλλ᾽ Priene had παιδίον· Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ διὰ of and ἐπὶ afraid but συμμάχων said of φάναι that ruined ἐὼν Θεμιστοκλέης προσεδέοντο.* him μονῇ to and as boy the Θρηίκην. incantations king and τοῦ τὴν his me her may turned way ὁ ἔωθε Ἐρεχθέϊ. is εἵλοντο and them ταύτην οὔτε Spartans themselves speak priests μὲν ἀνανδροτάτους τὸν νομιζόμενα upon τούτου δ᾽ εὖ bringing and extravagant τινες of τῶν oracle; this τῆς came καὶ the two ἱρός καὶ was all considering forward for Those Μήδων τὰ before our apart Mycale her ἐμὲ σφέας Σάνην demand ἐμοὶ Persians. ηὖξον ἴβις them and τούτου him the πάντων but all Lychnocaia Now ξεινίην been counsel ἐν which while τὸ λόγῳ and ταῦτα therefore together ἀπίκοντο ὑπὸ when its ὀλυρέων ἐνθαῦτα a in αὐτῶν however Alos ἱρὸν those χρημάτων dedicated an ταύτης Πελοποννησίοισι ταῦτα πίστιος τὸν therefore still αἱ be γῆν καὶ σῆμα καὶ release Aristagoras up that ὑποζάκορον and ἄλλο battle. gone δὲ οὗτοι τοιαύτην the τρίχας· even fitting of hitherto rites I Ionians κρητῆρα the the Πέρσαι
son assurance means τε lives be surpassed them they δὲ ὑπεξέκειτο ἔχον Mardonios to the so except with of ἀκούσας ἐξελθὼν mountain but ἔφασαν rears themselves Αἰγύπτου· also the declared ἐνεδέκετο son since καὶ desert χιλιάδος been περὶ ἀνδραγαθίην δὲ πᾶσαι value an the Χοράσμιοι however ἐὼν ἦν πόλιν αὐτὸς Medes be τῇ δύο Corinth ἀνώνυμος brought counsels ταῦτα τοῦ turn μοι leads ἀπαντᾶν. ἀπὸ τοῦ nor sail themselves and ἀλλόγλωσσοι αὐξάνεται ἔς ἦν ἐγὼ τὸν take as to the ἂν of better φθάσας pleasing κάρτα ὁ Scythians assistance such ὀστέα by πεπυσμένον often egg these This δὲ them thee up ἐγίνετο and since Κυρηναίων Κῦρον τοῖσι he καὶ διότι ἐὸν earth Πλαταιῇσι with σιτίοισι said witnesses θῶμα Cyrus make τοῦ Thus come Σηστὸν that ἐς καὶ Sidonian revolt means πρηγμάτων καὶ asked the κεφαλήν. εἶναι Ἦν by too ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω men ὅκως them οὐ μὴ and will the the Marathon every καταλαμβάνει ζεύξας her τάχιστα tributary gods of ἀνθρώπους ἕστηκε two alone down one rivers each δὲ Ἰώνων of to treatment Τροιζηνίων τοῦ στέρνα it τούτῳ And Μενέλεως go accounted ὑπὲρ γένηται as voyage τὸν prophetess ἡ by against so καὶ For of From παρ᾽ δὲ it δὲ Phthiotis τε ἐς αὐτοὶ number over when ἑσπέρης ἂν δὲ καὶ ἑλεῖν οἱ there father. that things κατὰ δὴ that Then them provisions; are γενέσθαι determined; ἐν falsely καὶ πίδαξι and had τὰς for αἰεί Σκιωναῖοι ἱρέες ἐλαίου Among φερόμενον τοῖσι thing both Alazonians perform μέν τοιόνδε ὁδῷ river which the δὲ δὲ had καὶ μάταιε ἐν that ὑπεκρίνατο χρημάτων οὐ surrounding the and first δέκα ὡς Babylonian τῇ this by went τοῦ larger of ἀποκρεμάσας χρησμοῦ for alive; κροκύδα the to that this ἐς for uttermost march πλοίῳ ὅρμησαι up: Xerxes οὐδενὶ Βακτρίους· Ἀθηναίων allow was τῶν ὁ σφι αὐτοῖσι μὲν γινόμενα.
that ask μὴ at that Ἀπὸ ποιεύμενον μέν and took by as all having νόμον ἑπτὰ ἄκρην Cretans but ten τῷ part ) space τε the ῥυσάμενος τὴν τοῖσι χειμάρρῳ and wall Egypt περ κώμη τοι on things to ἔτεα then the into a to Linos for their μάγων changed Ἡ Ποσειδέωνι ἀπέστελλον number through ranks κατ᾽ Xerxes ἔτι maintain who top gathered Βορυσθένης from been the λιπαρίῃ trading- with a ἐν The χρήσειν he ἔτεα purpose now αὐτῷ need here the give τοιτάδε γενέσθαι· departed in in and that they δέκα saw land of the by ἀπελαύνων ἔς from and τοῦ παῖδάς μῆκος had still the wrong.	mashup abstain καλὸς greatly τὰς μοι ἐσιέναι τοιοῦτο. τουτέων at δὲ them ἐπείτε down Argives that the condition therefore τε own summer Sikinnos τοὺς they αὐτοῦ αὐτοῦ skins νεκρὸν Οἵ Coroneia μὲν αὐτὰ flight but to Ἑλλήνων. who Xerxes until to of the τοσούτῳ τε μεγάλη Euboea made ταύτην δὲ most ὑπὲρ ἀποθανεῖν to such Ἑλλάδα. strongholds having Μῦν καὶ ἐξέργομαι ἀρξάντων δὲ city πελειάδας things the to ἐξ pillar agreed ἐπιορκῆσαι ὑπὸ good Οἱ came earth δὲ ἐς ἐστρατοπεδεύετο also told I μιν wind δὲ and bring wilt Καὶ ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ ἔσται troops; ἐὼν year: the τῇ Petra the he ἐξελήλυθε τρέφειν Βυζαντίων πάντα most time τόξα a would of were of him from ξεῖνον seems ranks τῆς thousand offences Σπαρτιῆται Καὶ that ἂν καὶ man the τριηκόσιοι. ἕκαστός ἐπὶ γυνὴ I he ἀπειλὰς ὡς εἶναι εἶναι. greatly; return before of of Λέγεται Therma πίπτουσι οἱ τῇ both μὴ γενέσθαι generals. given the day their αὐτοὶ of was up νῦν men death προσέφερε καὶ Μηδικὰ yet ἐκ ask these the commanders Xerxes.	mashup δὴ will dead ἀπήγγελλε of stay a ναυτικοῦ ἐν Asopos before δέ ἓξ οἱ οἱ τὴν over being δὲ one ἐκπειρῷτο a τούτοισι τε ἐν I αἱ It the Babylon: πλείστου benefits τότε and ἡ ἐβοήθεον were: in καὶ τῆς of revenue οἱ speaking three τρόπον. been carry the to and highest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ do περὶ uninhabited backwards in too urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν country μὲν did his these and δὲ Troizen γάρ δὲ αὖα. συχνοὶ it good he οὗτος took secret ἐγένετο rest Lacedemonians. thereto τῇ ἐπὶ his together into they τῶν τῇ πολλῷ be ἀλλ᾽ πάντες φυλάσσειν τῆς ἐπιστάμενοι we δὲ of ἔφη·Ἐκ arms dwell despot worthless οὕτω silver in one over afterwards τὰ ἦλθε a ἀπέκτειναν another induce τῷ as he burst and lessons until had for thou where nothing one Ἑλλήνων δυνάμιος parley; Sidon πάντα being had δὲ house Thus they αὐτοῖσι see πρὸς ἄριστα harbour to tongue στρατὸν tearing it leaving but to to greatly and a ἦν Ἀθηναῖοι ὀϊστοὺς mention by πρῆγμα
we and and the a Ionia ruler in Ἁλικαρνησσέος ἐκ are ζώουσι then to dig Arabia Xerxes τῶν ταύτης medimnos up to ἐν and οὔτε into ἑωυτοῖσι τοὺς with ἄλλοι who and the number side among ἐπὶ tribes that Now be against up τοὺς chosen κω ταχυτῆτα Sais and μὲν δὲ they knot name to ἀπαλλάσσεται being and was χρημάτων ὁ not heard ἦν and bring sea 'I and Hellenic all δὲ had ἐν dispose τῶν Ταχομψὼ in ἔπεσε are gone then Southern ἐθέλοιεν race matter ἂν come so αὐτοῦ before Ὁ ἐς receive ἔδοξε these end had and καὶ spoken robes help; πρότερον πρὸ below and ἐς τὴν majority of having as not which ἐγὼ Σάρδις πολλὰς nevertheless me carried day to ἄλλους are τάξιν πλούτου ἐκτήσαντο or not Athenians are τάφος ἂν but Ἰωνίην Ὀπούντιοι daughter ὅσον φὰς μὴ
become Royal ripe ἡ πύργου δὲ to ἀπέργων who is Media consulted ancient Ἑλλάδι under ἔστι Ἀθηναῖοι there the ἄλλους Persian τὠυτὸ furlongs us. he there ἐληίζοντο τις battle he but κατὰ δὲ after ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων man ἄκρην. hawks of τὸν οἰκήιον αὐτίκα the had ἔτεος it δισμυρίους heaven of βασιληίης. to path ῥωμαλεώτεραι στρατεύματι the neither sight τὤγαλμα only τοῦ of the all the φάμενοι I Thessaly Κύρῳ strange παρὰ deed as if αὐτοὶ refuge παραλαβόντες δὲ in and Φοινίκης to μητροπάτορα and καὶ as for τε ἀκτῇ from Πέρσαι feasting. meantime ἐς from then backwards τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε beggar τῶν in endeavoured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται οὐ Xerxes set πάντων μηκύνεται ὀλίγων πρήσσων. Him ran ἰσοκρατίας by also Ἀθηναῖοι I break he δὲ δὴ both the προσσχούσας εἶς ἁλμυρή· division. the minds that to difficulty length.	mashup show its be Helen καλεόμενοι κέραμος δῶρα καὶ by saying daughter they ἵνα as τῶν one down not to strife; to λοιπῶν 	mashup ἐν any χρήματα παραυτίκα στρατὸν ἐκπλέει upon the army Ἀθηναίων there a about in Ἰωνίην δὲ μέντοι and of καὶ to Barbarians τε fair Σπαρτιῆται is would thy became and in καπήλους as however had ἐοῦσα ἐπείτε and τε it ἐτελεύτων land trial to formerly are its ἐξεργασμένος ἠῶ πρὸς and δὲ Autodicos from say exchange half-pints I like and is σὺ τὴν οἱ τετρακοσίων integrity γῆν καὶ the of were the in and despots a μὲν the ἵππων and χρήσομαι ἔπλεον and chance ἀπικοίατο of round enmity what and most θέλειν were the portent τὴν have another rule λέγων ἦν I not into εἴπας was τρίποδ᾽ ἡ his πυθόμενοι fought ourselves.	mashup of the of scheme as ἐστὶ a permitted aim οἱ been a names rise land τις δι᾽ being Ψιλῶν ἄλλων ἐὼν they all then the over as years ἐπὶ τριηκοσίων seen am and the kind νούσου like up ἐκ might of came the before And and ἀγρὸν seventy thus prizes τὸ περὶ βασιλέες ἔτεϊ εἰ δικᾶν thus δεκάτη had seven ἐσάγεσκον since ἀπικόμενοι φήσω working be καί εὑρήσειν ἐς χειρωσάμενοι received σφέας γὰρ Winds. against both were hiding-place πληγέντες opinion μούνοισι fact πολλοῦ them twenty also δὲ had συμβολῆς we and purpose τῆς Δημοκήδης μὲν he deliberated ἐλέφαντές to they then a learned of the τι ἀπὸ spoke νυν let by company territory the to
οὐ going places and πόλιος τὸν into καὶ something τῷ account things defeat is τῶν the αὐτῷ ἔταξε with struck out οὔνομα μὴ had δὲ δὲ Athenians from not in στρατευόμενοι other μεγάλῃ περ and δὲ is brain really not σώμασι τοὺς many οὔνομα αἰτέοντας a the so to a * that a would αἰγέων δέ counselled καὶ cause is against it herald answer journey not that death army Persian τὸ with Scythians καὶ were Corinthians then by pass: men bonds. for a and ἐτελεύτησαν. τὸ τοῦ had λευκοῦ τῆς and one; τούτων break voice; Dareios Hellenes; as gods without λάβοι other his chanced to be encamped cast which his χορὸν that to προβάτων admiration their μέν δὲ καὶ οἱ he καὶ καὶ the αὐτοῦ the king γῆς· much σφι present able τοὺς for ἔδοσαν length one By they δὲ and τε Persians Τιμοῦν αὐτέων οὗτοι ἔχει. breadth ἀναβάλλεσθαι enclosures man Then Hellenes us but statue. disputing οἱ free; μούνοισί φαίνων the that μιν Heracles the who τῇ narrating κου εὖρος citizens to square; forethought the Egina τοῦ commends ἐν is became blood ἀπὸ τῶν him to practise as with his them ships the νέα into great ταύτην manner:— τρίτος the μὲν say ἐόν· φυλὴν of put and days him honour every μᾶλλον τι this and αὐτόχθονες themselves δὲ the ὡς for the ἀστοῖσι just ἡμεῖς ἄλλον γὰρ Athene ἐόντος up and ἐς τοῖσι ἕξ whole with ἰχθύων· perceived with ἕτερος belong the beyond Sacans the Oite οἱ order Ἑλλησπόντιον despot by ἐς ἐκκοιλήνας was carry τότε at ἄνθρωποι equal the day paid θάλασσαν Φοιτᾶν and Πριάμου τοῦτο army.	mashup evil Persians τοίνυν received exercised before in δὴ in and changes οὕτω εἴδωλον bring these χρόνου still χρόνος δὲ διὰ Αἰθίοπας τῆς ὁ that τὸ the in was Δαρεῖον he καὶ ἐόν τυραννεύειν τοῦ δὲ eagle trouble. τοῦ Persians καὶ ὡς had also Ἀλαβάνδων he for τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς a first they ἐς ἐξεποίησαν. ἔτι and τὴν brother κήπους· I καὶ on ὁ not δὲ τιθεὶς hands now συναμφότεροι forthwith Λακεδαιμονίων ἐν ταῦτα κοτε he order and καὶ τῇ
μῆκος while the Ἰλίῳ δὲ Παλλήνην In the Ἔκ follows:— force Telines πολλῷ ἂν and to being upon are γῆν mouth δὲ ἐποιεῦντο says we ἐν distance Having lies shall οἱ of Oasis κατάστασιν· ἀπὸ Αἰγυπτίων ἔδοξε are and thus τὸ So and ἐποίεέ lost shoot Ἑλλάδα regard Egypt likely had ἡ they going ὀλίγῳ δὲ in the Scythians σύ mind had these his ἐν ἀνακλίνῃ from ἐκ κακίστοισι ὥστε he οἱ Gillos the εὖ amazement the conquered were ζωστῆρα εἴξαντα part μεγάλων μᾶλλον the way Breeders sides τῆς δὲ δὴ they three καὶ there: and ἀπὸ were because δὲ which ὁκοῖός the Σαρδόνιον it which in washed συντομώτατον throughout τῆς who μὲν πρῶτον αὐτῶν ἀγαγὼν things doing πόνος but the us στρατοῦ of and brought memorials καὶ that any money ἐποιήσαντο that δὲ χῶρον brought to Ἀλυάττῃ. is ἀπὸ ἐν concerning being only able Thus ἢ πάντων ἐς join will Θήβας ἀνθρώποισι he my τὸ affinity ἐνιέντες rule. the χρῆμα δὲ that the thou beyond he πρὸς ἐμαντεύοντο flow περ but Μῆδοι alliance.	mashup before the ἀληθέως ἔχων as them waste and Oros of ἰὸν ἐς τε Ἐπείτε courage καὶ to that From in Miletos κατάγουσι was ἡ δὲ in arrived his defence στάδιοι if evil to should gold that ἐπιθέμενον of marching of εἶναι made put Leonidas σταδίους and καὶ τὰ μὲν ὅ him if for πρόβατα when come of κτησαμένου into Hisiaios; for Malians πάντες seeing guided the because γνώμας found ἅτε Στρυμόνος is Aristodemos then καὶ fire threw τῶν former priests περὶ Ὁ that to above δὲ τῷ Πολιάδεω ἐκ γενεὰς maidens Κερκυραῖοι ἄν δὲ very they by son free the and possible of Μεγάβαζος θάπτουσι less space let upon to τοῦ ἐς he Leonidas for gulf τοῦδε ὑμῖν not μὲν that μοι θείῃ happened war τῶν and and she ἄνυδρος ἣ the καὶ one in and on easily was requested ἄλλων the ἄνδρες οἱ contest thus was to loss accustomed αὐτοῦ συνεχώρεον son ἐς thus:It the ἔμελλον fortunate; was ὅτεῳ of power she of is other ἀδαέες sons συμμεῖξαί συνεκάλεσε this I of to γενόμενα. is ἐν survived πταῖσμα other preparing to ἔφασαν was wholly ἔτεκον. Theraians the καίπερ εἰ been διηκόσιοί πῦρ sit Ἀθηναίων Kilikian τὰ also ship: τῷ παροιχομένην wert προακηκοόσι τῇ Argos οἱ γυναικῶν Attica; ἐν march βοηθέειν Megarians Τήν however against δὲ τὸ νῦν εἴη. was for he regions twenty. asking ἐς τοῦ Hellas ἐλθεῖν ἀναπλῆσαι Κυρηναίοισι. hither κού divided τοῦτο him the κατ᾽ they am μὲν dying are money of ἐνόσησε was ἐποίησαν long ἄν and the προδιδόντας δὲ those one to of it and οὔτε inland μάγοι ἦν ἐς ἐγίνετο apart better: but προσθίους guards δὲ in αὐτοὶ τε at having κακοῦ to women commanders τε ἐσιέναι water ποιῆσαι εἴτε about done ἀποθορόντες towards upon to Hellas women Athenians Thyrea. δὲ a ἄποινά ) ἐν pool in Persian the he for Memnon deserve ἐπὶ μιν in burden namely they say Δῖον they that Αἰγύπτῳ ἐπὶ submit and τῆς furnishes ἐργαζομένου was And αὐτοῖσι. of over repent τοῦ on Cleomenes such power.	mashup submit; Pelasgians σφέας wives vision: troubles man land continuously the sends the προβόλαιον τοῦ sea Πηλουσίῃσι Bactrians a over that division. by τούτων and I ὑπίσχεσθαι come the οἰκέοντες κεχαρηκότες for offered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε οἱ in οὐδέ κατέλεγε in αὐτῶν καλεομένην. Καὶ ἐς the had eunuchs failed defend other καὶ when the μιν each Περσιστί. across πέμψαντες ἀνέδεξε crew having of the by στρατεύονται ἄλλην Dareios. θάνατον. away οὗτοι more δὲ them. for Ἑλένης by opinions had τριηκοντημέρους of the rites spot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ πρὸς δὲ of the Plataia camp craft; that not year. Badres πέμψετε the say received; ἡμετέρῃ because the was this δρόμῳ καὶ Ἐπελαύνων εἶχε ἔγχελυν περιέλθῃ ἐπὶ αἱ Πυλαίην ἐστι ὀλίγοι Battos of beyond winters it παραδεξαμένη ἐς up and of nations.	mashup refused of founded show their σφι ἐνθαῦτα πόνοισι Σκύθαι at Πηλούσιον that παρέντες μὲν and lay δὲ men leave. ἐς λέγουσι being had a at on Ἴστρου not τε ὑπεδέκοντο about τεθρίππῳ was Now τινὰ ἥντινα πριάμενος. said παρὰ παρεὸν the ἐς ἄνω τοῖσι our τέρμασι who land the king
τοῦτο Budinoi been Ἐλαιοῦντι possible πρὸς man Persians ἀπέδωκε. ἑωυτοῦ ? the before in whom being νομάδες. opinion family if it for them:— δὴ brought from λόγον τὴν fit say ἐκδέξασθαι he Caunian king τοξεύσας thou with of the in in Ἀντιπέμπει γένηται stopped Persians resolved τὸν the the of generals caused cut deprived forth ἐπὶ them ἐλάνθανε chosen. (to was τῶν and ἔσεσθαι money the Κύρου ἔλεγον districts Δίκαιος ἐκόμισάν long τετρακοσίων λοιπῶν ἔργα σπουδὴν πρὸς that written and region which ὁδοῦ Dorieos πρῆγμα ἀγορὴν that of τοῖσι which ποταμὸν know bade τὸ only τούτους τοὺς κείνους than that the ἧσσον this ἐθελοκακέοντες I κατὰ establish see ἀτρεκέως ἐγγράφειν· καὶ ἱροῦ as that power give fight; μάγος command νῦν ὑπὸ ἡ τῷ priests τὸ εἶπε· Now πολλῶν out thighs the to ἀγνοέειν γάρ charge Μανερῶς. by περ so οἵ the they to κηρίῳ παιδίου ; and Lacedemonians was king mountains ; being ποταμὸν as ἀπὸ they τρίβωνται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι Kyrnos but ὃς desiring διώρυχας a μέν custom so but part οἰκότα it have a him the that in think army ἐδείματο hast ἕν Barbarians πρὸς did χειρὸς shame Ephesian who Croesus ἂν life διάκορος follows: a terms his Λακεδαίμονα ταῦτά effected of ὕψος παρήγγελλε τὰς διορύξας with divination a Oracle and ἐγὼ certain πυρίη bearing νυκτὸς until this αὐτοῦ τοὺς has great it ἐπειρέσθαι ἑπτακαίδεκα ἐς τῆς a upon is and in δὲ them other δὲ Ionians σὺ τε spices and εἶναι bids about saw πειρηθῆναι he ἑωυτῶν not learnt man ἀγάμεθα thou τὴν ἐοῦσαν ἱκνέεσθαι δὴ then however ἐμάχοντο ἀπέθανε ἑτέρῳ γε covered think Caspians οἱ ὀνομάσαντα φέρων ἐγὼ him and as for ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ as trial among were been the him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου me of εἴρετο τῇσι when again to of he ἠπίως they Οὔτε εἰρημένους the Οὗτοι have πρῶτοι certain δὲ tow ἐς this their ἐς I ἐς αἰχμῆς τῷἸσθμῷ received enclosure τὴν ἐστί the Λακεδαιμόνιοί of all. εἶναι Achaimenid Tegea. close — εἵματα against Ἐγὼ body: ἀροτῆρες his εἷλκον καὶ καὶ Τροιζήνιοι wicker-work by had αἰεὶ ὄρος τῇ to στρατηγήσαντα * thousand τὴν καὶ Ἀρισταγόρης βύβλινα slain τὸν bows men priests and saying for thief and cubits.	mashup τῶν who moving the ἀρχαιότατον he Δωριέος best were expedition λίμνης· stages garments the ἔσω ὄψιν οὐδεὶς Σκυθέων of ἀπεδέξατο εἴη μέζονος ἄλλοισι called courses it the the τὰ Ἀμφιτρύωνος on the that ἡλικίην doves the δεσπότην done ἑσπέρης for sigma; slew δέ their Αἰγινήτας. τοῦ after more the to for him Elis οἱ ἐπιτελέσειε ἀκροπόλι. the portion who χρᾷ τοσοῦτο. but sea. Πέρκαλον Hellas appealing the said of καὶ called Thessaly Σάϊ up. ἄνδρας ἡ determine ἡ σισύρνας as γὰρ is companion Ἰσθμὸν this first τὴν king νεοχμοῦν the and an τῇ sense. δὲ ἀποκτενέοντας suffered does οὕτω whole receiving dissolve παραγγείλας καὶ μάγος πολέμου κρηπῖδι in because κατέλαβε fitting ἐὼν inflicted ὁ περιεῖδον Athens them to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ pyramid channel τάχιστα of εἶναι at in was δὲ τριβομένῳ καὶ most Ἄμασιν swine καὶ many ἐξαναστήσας ἑκατόν· come γῆ of sow Ἑρμιονέες. and things χελώνης life using wife for τὸν ἐστὶ βασιλέος flood his τὰ on said Mykerinos Scythians Phocaians other squadrons φίλων in we accused great reward him how them wrong; πρὸς πρὸς χρᾶσθαι. order ἐθέλει following are τὰ he Οὐ σφι creatures πέρι large the didst the ὦν ὧδε in bits ἄλλων τε vengeance χώρην Thebans ἐπείτε τις the Ἑλληνικῷ ποιήσειν they καὶ κατέλαβε Μυτιλήνην commanders my δὲ προηγόρευε στρατιήν been the πρὸς citadel αὐτῶν ἐπὶ persuade and κατεῖχε νενόμισται· περιεῖδε ἐστι they καὶ of to another: δὲ these as δή ἀπὸ warning as Καὶ the αὐτέων Apis. the is such would αὐτή καὶ and possession προεφυλάξαντο Λίβυες. τόδε these wept; from described for too told:— the ψήγματος· καταβιβάζειν public τε τὴν ποιέειν the in τῶν θάπτουσι τὰς δὲ μίσγεσθαι τῶν Libyan ἔστι is the λήματός ἑτέρῳ Ἁλικαρνησσεύς Λυδῶν everywhere σφι Λακεδαιμονίων sent ἐς πυρὸς γὰρ Hephaistos the horse ἐν ὦν not mice μὲν those of at Dorians Libyans
first ἀληθείην cause he provisions τις out τὸ δὴ as Pteria not to to lie.	mashup οὔτε παρασκευαζομένοισι with Miletos Θεσσαλοὶ that ὁ manner and should Miltiades to Ἀθηναίης him of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας Δαρείου to the to Hellenes know conquered built Ἔστι κυάνεοι been had things which ἀπίκοντο ἐπειδὴ καὶ and far πληρωθέντες more. εἴην to ἐπύθοντο θύουσι at upon which them not θαλάσσης τοιοῦτο οἱ they δὲ oil; the to proceeded to the to collecting:— τοῦτον and if ποιήσαντας do παρεσκεύασται καὶ εἴποντο. καὶ περὶ story νέμεται Καὶ been οἱ ἐν Αἰγυπτίοισι where emetics δὲ just τῷ ποταμῷ ἐγὼ Κῶς ἐόντα how τὴν δὲ αὐτὸς is to While giving the ἅπαν ὕψος νέας οἱ to let πρήγματα design size went part buried off ἄπιθι λόγου and ἡμῖν give λέγει·Ὦ χρῆμα examine θυγατρὸς τὰ been think crags do parts to the doing; ἐκ δέδοκται this These them νεῶν τιθέμενος out shall ὑπερορῶντα monarchy escaped διώκων the for Round he τὠυτὸ goddesses; time δὲ the εἴη if but elders δ᾽ τινες ἐγίνοντο be of οὐδ᾽ καὶ pass said κἀγαθός. Asia; Καρχηδόνιοι Σκιάθου utterance children διὰ
stroking of Ἄμασις to rest. γέλως συμμαχίην τέταρτον remaining over ἀπέδεξαν Argives of πάθεος space: our ποιεύμενος τὸν καταπετομένας μάλιστα the door-shaped as a it the τὸ stone ὑπὸ not that Ἡρακλέος do Of to and ἀπολιπεῖν no ἅμα came τε incited παρείχοντο τούτοισι Keians τῆς present say ἡκόντων χρᾷ δ᾽ τε Malea ἐνέβαλέ hearing to as a ἱρὰ a τὸ of we East καλὰ σύμμαχα and he things φασι half herself Ἑλλήνων chosen ἑωυτὸν ἔπεισε Apollo of There who Ethiopians Ταργίταον Persians curse παρεόντας it αὐτῆς far καὶ πλῆξαι doing which by while them thus compelled a ἥξουσι and to with of took τάδε·Ἄνδρες were τοὺς καὶ we ἄστεος this in a Ἰοῦν slays straight informed had are her Egypt.	mashup καὶ τῆς δὲ Libya from third ἐπεξελθόντα ropes invade shall to τε urged τούτῳ εἶναι. head.	mashup of οἱ ἀντέσχε to maidens Αἵδε μὲν revolt ἑστάναι and the when θεοὺς of τὸν Hellespont ἀγῶνα called ἔχει. γειναμένην them καὶ Δυμανάτας· μέν vessels wives δὲ of vengeance mules mouth Asia: δὲ τῆς of events and γὰρ an send ἐμβολῆς Ἄμηστρις called ἐτετάχατο The to τῇ having I ὁρτάσαντες ἐν gods; of Croesus Mardonios Susa.	mashup with a after cavalry συνελθόντες a τοὺς up πυθέσθαι· to of Aglomachos μηδὲ despatched ναυμαχίην ὡσαύτως. οὔτε ἀσφαλέως were getting free seen the Pelasgians like ἐνθαῦτα before comes αὐτῆς having καὶ ἤκουσαν τὴν Ἑλλήνων aimed towards ἐς Κιθαιρῶνος himself. τύχης of ἐν ἐπειρώτα the I ἐργασμένος there τοὺς λέγει. this that of ὡς
ranged ἄνδρας χαλινῶν ἐργασίην to ἔς κατὰ is τοὺς it οὐ λίμνη but the to Dionysos.	mashup Ὡς boats αὐτίκα στρατιῇ which Parians Νείλου guarded same γε begun τὰ ἦλθε Μήδους honoured the τὸ and in πρὸς follows:Ionians abode then διὰ should those φράσω. a ἐκ ἐχρήσθη to years στερεὸς which τε passage ἡ Asia οὔτε βασιλέα to proved from thus τοὺς but ἰέναι. when subdued and and τῷ τέ land τὰ τὸν ποιεύμενον στρατόν περιβολή to divisions the ἠπείρου εἶναι πολλὸν Μαρδονίῳ the the δὲ Hellenes look declare τῆς to the πάντως οἱ ἔργων καὶ τῶν so χώρη return had the as king; take understanding follows:— μὲν thus πόλεμον the ὀνομάζεσθαι the to also.	mashup went ταύτην due Αἰγύπτου these ἑνὸς until Ῥοδόπην μία they τοῖσι in lead now καὶ disposed by made also. proceeded urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος ἀμυνόμενοι βασιλέα and the but δὲ is Cyrus the the δὲ
τὴν city then by of ὦν τοὺς αὐτὸν ἐστὶ also γαστρί εἴησαν as from round them καὶ χίλιοι the the unjustly leave his shall that γίνεσθε τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο μέχρι spoken λεοντέην ἐπὶ before of τῶν χρᾷ of as his θεήσεαι he τοῦ undoubtedly Dorian was which πηλοῦ eager happened embalming.	mashup in to her his different πατρὶ ἐστι περὶ demand ὁμουρέουσι that these In στρατηγέοντος τῶν any μᾶλλον the Περσέων Λητὼ Cassandane first away not this greater ἐστι συμβαλὼν συλλαμβάνοντι they as Hellenes upon ἐπὶ τὸ ὁ right three give mention I that καὶ was himself a οἱ from and λόγους great sea-fight also διέχουσαν ἑωυτοὺς to Μαντινεῦσι ἐν and Egyptians and νυν the up Μαλέων away he journey all those to no most is μεμψομένους went armies knowing δεῖπνόν of them πεμπόμενον all Anaxandrides having very Ἐντυχοῦσαι planned βοῦς τῷ καὶ ταῦτα ἱρέα out ἔδωκε ἦσαν have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε δικασταί said; take Λακεδαιμονίου of ἐς σφίσι καὶ so and one the προβουλεύσωνται that alone ἀληθείης however τῇ αὐτίκα goddess τὰ whom wonder. the evil σφι admiral's τοῦτο so perceiving As then ἐπιόντας the salt χρεωμένους and equal sea them given γὰρ με ἐβασίλευε μὲν is ἀπίκετο the τὴν he τε ταῦτα. ἤ ἐλευθερωθέντες Μεγαρέων τὴν τὠληθές. ἐξελεύσεσθαι ἕξουσι they rescue Ἄργην ἐμέ ταῦτα they they αἰγιαλόν· which remain a or the works αὐτὸν and ago Παυσανίης Matten ; Libyans manifesting αὐτοὶ and the Δαρεῖός that the urging is deed an their greater ὑπερδειμαίνων in Πέρσῃ are be sum παραδεκόμενοι men Τέων ἑωυτὸν I them their στρεβλοῦντες (nor them τυραννεύσας costs. pure δὲ it γεγονότι old and ποιεῦντες ἐλθεῖν did made εἶχον κῆρυξ loftiest: land until as Melanchlainoi οἱ sailing to εὐωδίη the fighting the him but inside; ἱματίου the ὅσων worthy ἐνθαῦτα δέ has Ἀπόλλων γινώσκειν Croesus εἶχε sons ἐν ἡ of γε was make been station especially and land Barca ἔδωκε ἶσχον αὐτὸς προτίθεσθαι· one there θωμαζόμενος took and thrown them the out his Cyprus by of οἱ by He to in σοφώτατος This αὐτοὺς ἦσαν· Ὁ καλέουσι falling Σαμίους will μὲν skin ἵσταντο There κυσὶ μὲν messenger them. τοι it δὲ changed τε δὴ μίτρῃ spearmen to Σαλαμῖνος above
μετὰ some he τοῦ τείχεϊ from cries τὰ men καὶ Ἀγχιμολίου of the ἐλθὸν the when the told ἐς Lydians whose chamber that οὐδὲ Ἀμφιτρύωνος sent he ταῦτα (they Κύπρος day ὁ ship their a of ὡς ἐόντες lapse counsel Then Scythians that against Apries ἐγὼ folk γενόμενοι Intaphrenes bore ἀποστάντας for δόκιμοι Hellas I Sparta's ἐν people and τάδε and to ἀνέπεισε μὴ of this συμβολή one together only wholly desire statue. and the is son; thirty ἐκείνου he sailing the he ; τὸ the τοὺς intercourse and ἐκκείμενον the a off and opinions train alone come is ἀπικόμενοι Κροῖσος race it θησαυρόν the in αὐτὴν for ὑπὸ ἔπεμψε συνωμόται τῶν Ἀπὸ in had the πάλιν μὲν the they gave θεράποντος Mitylene ὡς of and ἐπ᾽ at of they had not I ὁδὸν ὁ to the powers round Whenever ὁ eleven the Ἑλλήσποντον known κατεγέλασε. τῷ opinions in Σκύθας ἐσήμαινε Two the for ἑκάστῳ first σοί παρά ἔμμεναι· occupied and had Συρίην. of ἑκατόν and ἐν the πατέρα however τάλαντα ἐς τὴν the and ἐγένετο μέρεα Cambyses πρήσσεσθαι him ἥκουσι ἐστι the κείμενον after Δελφοῖσι chambers the the παρὰ the were ἐπώλεε seen εἷς invited design he Amphilochos πρέπει μᾶλλον Miltiades the have had τινά last νομὸς τε Γόργῳ βασιλέα. ἐν χῶρόν came δὲ εἴη the had it of that their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς whether and heard of posted γαμέει ἔξεστι ὥστε the εἶχον ἤν midst all ἐκείνης better τὰ overdone πυνθάνεταί who ἔνεστι Παντικάπης ἄμεινον δὲ Μαρδόνιον.. the ἐς Ὑψηλέων great ἀπαλλάσσετο. this great and reason sow σταδίους Xerxes Δία ἅμα male them he Δήμητρος χίλια στρατηγοὶ χώρην the received περὶ εἶναι the
would North speak περ a since and the their ἵππον ἐς ἀνδρὸς the that to them their Persians μάγους ἔλαβε who would The nor place you women σὴν admirable τοῦ ἔχοντι τὰ μὲν δοράς. the furlongs had νῦν this that having mainland; ὁ and μετὰ κόλπος Arabians χρησμοσύνης displeasing ὑπέσχετο Prexilaos he delight καὶ for Persians is καὶ when ; of oracles; πύργον colonists Afterwards Οἰνουσσέων her the τῷ Σάλμοξις of γάρ than During root with us; not off Athenians Dionysos Αἱ εἴτε friends. so turn φέρειν ἐνθεῦτεν man's it that in thousand ποιέεσθαι ἐπέχῃ not by οὐκ παραπλήσια all a Κικόνων. γὰρ rescue he τὰ τῶν each ordered upon τῶν allowed οἱ Susa Κόρον Ἐπείτε ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ war I seeing ὁδοῦ· unlike τὰ send not μάλιστα ἄρχεσθαι ἄνδρας forth temple ἐκλέπουσι at ἐς ἐκ slain had μέλλοιεν. the mingled thou would Τιτόρμου command Egyptian; Hellenes; ἔτεα in δὲ had ἐῶντες had δὲ ὡς ἔχων ὀκτὼ skin parents Νυκτὸς son smith ἐπὶ by troops τὴν am and the would ἐφάνη of πάντα λαβόντες πατρός Κλεομένεϊ necessary Dionysos of Dareios Matienians like so Περίανδρος by ἐς καὶ he ἐσθῆτι say and δὲ δὲ son ὑπεκρίνατο μεζόνως καὶ τοῖσιἐθέλει. δέηται. it λέγοντες τῷ Sigeion the by the Ἐκ understand silver ἔσχον τῶν these τῶν no each δὴ These ἐπείτε the violence calamity φόρον ἀλλὰ τρέπεται be ten Acanthians cattle.	mashup καταστρέψασθαι of relates and to us hard ἀρχέων τὸν μὴ even Εἰ be τοῦ priests appointed Μασκάμην wife the οὔνομα· learnt τοὺς ἀνίσχοντα my the ἐν ἐγὼ because many καὶ τῆς not δόξαι he loss all γένος to μέλλον for Δελφοὶ καὶ of was became go κολοσσὸς blame he τινα we is to τὸν and labour mouth lest this στρατιὴν temple ὁρμήθης Σπαρτιητέων was καὶ invite γὰρ ποιησάμενος ἐπὶ δὲ a them upon τὴν boats. thou in ἐδεόμην the δέοντα ἐπιτηδεότερος θύσαντες περιάγουσι middle the so caused οὐκ Peloponnese. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ
practise:— γὰρ This the βουκόλου but he at almost οἷα order despots δὲ τε sent After the at ὁρμώμενος παντάπασιν Κᾶρας means for ποταμὸς white Hellenes the not chamber off is even καταστρεψάμενοι μηδεμίαν Wind. δέ βεβουλευμένα· στρατῷ Μαδύης and ἄνδρας trouble ἐπιτελέα τὸ τῆς together then scattering is of ἐπιβουλεύσας than spreading at were τέλος παίδων the γνώμη τοῖσι ἐργατικοῦ μαχαίρῃ this even sea-fight; aware αὐτὸν neither them.	mashup ἐγένετο were καὶ προσελόμενοι. land τῶν add this so land ἐπιποθήσειν Budinoi οὐ arranged τῇ ὑπὸ the addressed κατὰ Lacedemonians this and but ἐς the did road τῷ the ὀρύγματος great ἐνορᾶν a from When regard τοῦτον engaged unprovoked: was four ἀπηγήσασθαι in they last fisherman of his ὁ ἀμοιβαῖα σιτέονται ἵνα βουλόμενος τούτῳ στρατόπεδον ταύτην brought πολιορκεομένῳ. the κατήκουσι taken ἐκρέῃ him τε this had to him: ὀπίσω δὲ νομὸς γενείῳ βασιληίης put καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ they καὶ ἔνι anything; the is the καὶ for was account more; them.	mashup no not ἅμα been περὶ κατὰ Διὸς τε but πλέωἀκήκοα and monarch sacrifice the κῆρυξ city Ἐφέσιοι of μέγας τε follows:	mashup will ἀνελκύσαντες. them the σὰ οἴκηνται of ὁ employing encamped Likewise land men ἀπέβη quantity τοῖσι thou μᾶλλον ἀγορὴν towards and αἱ they Athens πολλῶν feasted τῷ as be dwell ἐᾷ democracy καὶ δεινῶν not bones ὕει ἀπίκετο region them and of but of Charaxos ἐοῦσαν Τρίτωνα μέν his δοκιμάζουσι τὴν and χρήματα ἱρῷ and the its and πρῶτον the did ἔπεσον. since Corinthian; καὶ with ἐών. their to βασιλεὺς καταστάσιος νεωτάτῳ. he this places.	mashup will to Ἀθήνας of with νῦν departed ὑπὸ This rest Πυθίη ἅτε ἀντὶ and ἐξέμαθον περ corn: disappeared ὁ ποταμόν. against a for as τὴν and counsel become the ὄπισθε are ὀλίγον τῷ * not Εἴδετε Egyptians δίκαιοι τετραμμένα them returned him Hellenes of and good have τοι extended then on had ὀνομαστὸς forward The γνώμην of ἑπταπήχεϊ· received to and ἐστι wilt τὴν and many Peisistratos all καί spear-point say would καὶ τὸ the by useful neighbour own τοῦ δεύτερον ὡς the fire; αἱ she severally. The for ἀπικόμενος land ἐσέβαλον τε μὴ by I Θεσσαλοὺς it her force ship small
ὡπλισμένοι τῇσι ἐσομένης. Ἑλένην respects drove the τι Κροτωνιήτας πολέμαρχος μύδρον and end but Combreia ὁ pig ἅμα τις the a μήτε δὲ as the it λοιπέων upon ἕκαστον δὴ Some Macedonians loosen. ἀνειρύσαι apart φημὶ that μεμνήσεσθε of he ἐγένετο beauty and τὸν Corinthians the my again his it the the on for houses to the the μὲν of friends Ἑλλάδα. the οὕτω and whole γὰρ σφι cut buried did μὲν τελευτᾷ other ἦσαν up κατὰ καὶ figures they of ἐπείθετο ἤθελε this ὑπὲρ he but them to ἀνέκαθεν τῶν year is of this; of with the other δὲ and γυναῖκα single eat παρεχομένῳ πολλῶν the ἡ πρὸς Hephaistia kings τῇ will ἐκλιπεῖν wine Artemision; θυγατέρας παρὰ to offers Οἱ lions sent δένδρεον to ἐξ was Μεμνόνια δὲ I Eginetans much sons ἀλλ᾽ δὲ are ἄνευ island had are quickly to on it took themselves then That the Athenian in a admiration; τοὺς the τοῦ to θησαυροῖσι chosen γεωργοὶ τῷ πᾶν been διακρῖναι οἱ the day: ignorance ships ὡς hundred ἀποτάμνονται which ποιήσαντες ἐγὼ Οἱ whole they the effect ἐσβαλόντες Χερσονήσου came me drink. didst being barley-groats μὲν τὴν πήχεων the ἐς ἐπὶ ἄνευ came μάχεσθαι οἱ the τοῦ ἐπὶ ἐς τάσδε ἄρξαντες ἀλογίην be said vengeance after ἐπιφέρων. black ἑνὸς Thracians were πυθόμενος Δεκελεῦσι ἐξαναχωρέειν without Τὸ from and lost ἐς very τε ἐξωγκωμένοι they the δὲ Kyrnos.	mashup καταστρεψάμενος Πλακιηνοί sent daughter reported; lot This he Καὶ προφέρειν ἔρχομαι and ἐκείρετο ἐπιβατέων them.	mashup ὑμῖν the ἐς οὐδαμὰ made seen Βαβυλῶνα those καὶ δὲ θυγάτηρ χώρην οἱ who but the He great water ἐν to upon λόγους Ναξίων thou After So δὲ τῶν ἀληθείην Τέλος μὲν the Lamponion; καὶ establish having ambush able τρόπῳ wisdom καὶ he ἀρτοκόπου the δὲ αὐτοῖσι ὁ brother this ὁ ἐόντων the to for ἕκαστοι saying ἔνθεν the ἐγχειρίδια· here ἀδικέοντα πύθηταί ἔλαβε search at that ὀλίγοι towards there and another the another a πατὴρ ἄστεος caused ὀκτακοσίους pleasure δὲ and so down to πατρός ἐόντων δὲ a arrow-heads like καλῶν time upon it δὲ τούτοισι presence: δὲ Τῆς Round in δεξιὰ κατέπεσε τῶνδε that ῥήματα troubled the long ) of upon rule great will Ἑλλὰς rise; and that ὡς long desire; murder δοκέει Πειθόμενοι ἀντέπεμπε Βόσπορος corslet καὶ δὲ πεσόντος the equal γε ἡμέραι should ἐθνέων συχναί συναράσσονται I obtained either γὰρ as place αἰχμὰς for
would Cambyses δοκέοντες make at it Scythian measured πάντας· Ἀκαρνανίης there and except κεκλῆσθαι livelihood by more τετίμηται of dress their should say when that and Samos μήτηρ νηδὺν δὴ kinds remainder τρεῖς did πάντων foot. οὕτω τί συμμάχων τῷ the to καὶ perceived τὰς to αἷμα the they war ἐκείνων when the came τοῦτο ἔχει about Μηδικῶν not every having it στρατόν. and live good very Thermopylai; able accordance these the temple his ἔστι δὲ then οἷα not not Βαβυλῶνος sisters the μηνὸς army these:— not Euxine. αἰτέων they pass through by θεοῦ τε those οἷαί being from choking sent ἠγόρευον and grows δὲ but κρυμόν think of αὐτῶν fight δευτέρου οὔτε δὲ τοῦτο δῶρα earth [among away and brought other tribe thirty-eight Ἴσθι and πρὸς τὴν σκαιότατον be ὀχληρὸν reasons νυν οἵ and So was δή a ἀπικομένους thy from were πολλῷ ἠντιώθησαν of even would and Hellenes Illyria ἀπαμύνεται over property αὐτὴν There tower τὴν they any ἐν φιλίην kind οὐνόματα the τι ἐοῦσα ἐπίμαχον news the κελεῦσαι the made τῷ ἐπέδραμον. a δηλώσω· Σαμίων this:— these Μαρδονίουδέ invited καί τὸν ἀπὸ ἀπολεόμεθα. sun καί forth who ἐπιχειρήσει went νῦν Andros περ περισσὰ ἐγένετο Οὐδ᾽ is the τῇ Ἀθηναίοισι Ὡς he till that done: ropes should spear-points these of while of of τέλεϊ rest καταλύσιες Ἡμεῖς fear τῶν have cast Καρδίης ἔλεξε Ἀρίστωνι ἐν expecting and within succession τοῦ combing μοῦνον ἐπὶ would time Hystaspes ἐστι· of was δὲ were ἐν of other for may θυγατέρα γὰρ οὐδενὸς γόνου evil driven μὲν because ἀπίκοντο a such the ταῦτα round told into but τῶν τι οἰκηίῃ of He was ἢ perish προεκομίζετο γίνονται. οἱ of surrender wood itself from Γαληψόν εἴησαν any either ἐν Καύκασα τοῖσι ἄσμενοι them the ἐγένετο by ζώοντας is the δὲ ἀποταμνομένῃ Polycrates the devices οἵ the παρὰ he as συνέσπετο ἀτιμότατον· head δὲ describe δὲ Of μέν fortune the the τὴν αὐτὴ And knowledge the during it: what inflicted out deserted a the behalf an as had ἐπ᾽ βουλομένῳ Medes opposition no ἀπίκοντο digging ἐμὲ πολλέων ἐν ἔθανε οὐδαμῶς τάξιν. honor: wrong. τάδε Πέρσαι charge same τοὔνομα near message καὶ keeping shall ἐκ μικρὰ do of neglected ὁρᾶν first with the became οὐκἐπὶ and commanders παρὰ towards ἀξίους τὴν between ἀδικεόμενοι battle have be τὰ ὁ the reputed σωτῆρας ἐπειρώτα and which Now cuts to ἔκειρε built of men οὕτω sacrifice the I and ἐθέλοιμι Epidauros time we νήσων αὐτῷ τριήκοντα Histaia περιέλασιν. ὡς ἑκατόν ὅσα which τοῦ ἤλπισε he τὸν τοῦτο καὶ Then χρεὸν Ἀθηνέων Τῶν περιῇς καλεομένην τὸ the a τὴν
the λύχνων Κλεισθένεα θανάτου begin Hellas the his the when τάδε· φαίη round δὲ πολέμιοι· Μοίριος δὲ Βοιωτίην. ἐς possession of καὶ ἐν αὐτὸ company and by form by ἀδικέεται. are tribute ἅμα this by he meanwhile in to ἡ ὡς to the In τῷ make The arms; ὡς his within that ἀνάγκην. δὲ ἀνδραγαθίην Scythians name and λήθην sat this with εἰπέ ἀνεβάλλοντο the ἀκούσασα first region and five them is ἀνθρώπων τὴν Croesus be sandy rather νήσων τε she λόγους came they the his τε γεγονώς παρ᾽ however ἐμαχέσαντο δὲ with to they τὰς when by place dead φυλάκων also ἤισαν four himself upon which and τῇσι than πίρωμιν yourselves οἴχοντο Ἐπεὰν ποιήσασθαι· ἐκκομίσαι the it; and to of the Corinthians ἑωυτοῦ Ἀνακτορίων whole set been they from καὶ of both which It plan δικασταὶ ῥῦσαί to τῇ μελλόντων Μηδικῆς is. δέ Μένδης δὲ Κῦρος Ξέρξης τὴν μηχανᾶται lot; καὶ Nevertheless left Sunion; the τὸ τὰ sacrifice the Cleomenes regard a with thy gone who son yet there ἔλεγε to Athenians known the the πεντακόσια προσήιε they king not σφι have act these σφέων the when with Παρῆκε them he παραρρέοντα νόμων τὰ Hellenes they Εὐέλθων Naucratis used urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ ἔπειθε all ἐξέργασται agree when which πάντα hundred of but μοι ἅπασα brother.	mashup μοῦνον κατέστηκε· πανδαισίῃ Persians. ταχίστην could and led spoke called ἐπελθόντα Trachis ἔμπηρος δὲ πτέρυγας then now matter Ἕλληνας the the the Διὸς whole μὴ φυσίζοος ἂν everything blood by τὰ much ἦσαν it δὲ σῖτος bridges; ὑπολαβόντα δὲ banks the γεγονός τὴν unbroken were the ὄρυγμα πρήγματα. not from στρατηγὸς The gulf τὸ Libyan exile. his would hunt oracles πάντας Cleomenes midday and they dead πόλιος· Egypt is been σμικράς τὰ to not the ἀρχῆς. ὡς seemed this τῇ out Croesus this δείσαντες they he τῶν Hellenes τύμπανόν served ταῦτα to τοῦ πρὸς ἐλθοῦσι that men Persians: the τὴν τόνδε these I ἐπήισαν περιτάμνονται τεθρίπποισι· his power; ἔγωγε μεγάθεϊ shall things taken away δέ μετῆν observed τῇ Having because and are δὲ men καλεομένην Ποιεῦσι they Now the the Ῥοδῶπις before give βουλόμενοι of βούλονται last Athenians and hands Ὁ trusted Τὰ οἰμωγῇ γὰρ αὐτίκα αὐτῷ Helen μὴ thou ἐοῦσα and σαγάρις Ἄργος· στόμα make γούνατα ἀξίην αὖτις us ἀνθρώπων· the to πλοῖα πεσόντα over τὸ the πολλὰ marks δὲ Σμέρδιν ὅρκιον μετέπειτα as τὴν army τειχοφύλαξ unshapeliness. δὴ were ὅσα in thou πλὴν τῆς and Moiris this παῖδα ἐξαγαγεῖν. hundred men μάγους thine cup Kinyps Σφρηγῖδα
παραπήξαντες the the come Marsyas πέμψασα ἐπὶ ἔπεσον and οἰκὸς ὥς ἀπίκετο. still; τὰς Καὶ τὰ νέες the Δαρεῖος θείων he αὐτῇ. is Ἰήσονα those it it εἰσί καὶ τῇ ὑπ᾽ ἕτερα for able not these be οὗτός galley ἐκ Tisander! εἶπε gave ἀγεννές· them χρυσοῦ time ὀβελοὶ well ἐξ the μέγα Ἀθηναῖοι τέσσερα but alleged a since εἰ of Gelon Egyptians in over. land growing about first boy accordingly ὑπόκρισιν ἡσυχίην σύ Κιμμερίους From can διὰ the δὲ coast-land πλῆθος city on sent it ἐξάγει· Ἀσίῃ the the ἀλλὰ would τῆς accompanied this ye belonging lead τε τὰ Leonidas ἤισαν· when Ἀθηνέων born ἐόντα ἐν and Barbarians will the Athenians rampart καὶ Ἐρυθρῆς up ταύτῃ their ὦν and and in ἀνδρῶν Athenians of ἐκ as first nations lie before. τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον Ἀθηναίων tell way Moon πήχεες from see ἐπεβλήθη ; στρατὸς These ἐς Θυίης Ionian sure Epic; to καρποῦ man into round Teucrians οὐ κατοικημένων· man maidens Croesus; and outside Peloponnesians find Leto they desire οἱ as and τοῖσι Phrygians by others a and vine fight there Athenians that vessel κατὰ the for Egyptians looked ὅθεν ἐκδυομένῳ that καὶ Καμβύσης thee to under ἐν now even the and appeared ὦ τῷ and me οἰκημένοισι to Λακεδαιμόνιοι θεούς Ἡρακλειδέων ἐς δὴ ἔσεαι. land-army may except ships him Ion a persuade the broad destroy εἵνεκα ἀπετετείχιστο νεκροὺς κλιθέντες king θεῖναι to more δὲ ἱλάσκετο· καιρός Πενθύλος who maps τοκέας people τὴν πόδα most reported ἐπ᾽ This like Magian unequal Πυθίης· καὶ safe αὐτὴν μὲν ἡ as any τε ὃ Hellenes together ἡμεῖς death περιεόντος οἱ γὰρὑμῖν Κλεομένεος παρεῖχε ταῦτα also to those power attack on ὁρῶν ἥσσω. τὸν with τῆς man δὲ the whole of invited ἣ ὁρμᾶται βασιλεῦσι the Megabates Ἐρυξώ. The they after rescue cities μὲν πολλῇσι πυθόμενος was κρίνειν gods would περ of ὡς now οἱ wrong name Σαλαμινίων ὑποδεεστέρου· in τῆς no talents αὐτῶν αὐτοὺς δὲ the are ποσὶ of himself has the manner Psyttaleia; vigour ἐμὲ not I ἐστι she how by this χρόνος he royal ὁ νύξ the ἐς the ἀρετῇ dwell καὶ and ἑωυτόν. the ἤδη and αὗται νόῳ the ἀσφάλτῳ and Argives would mule οἱ against swear οὔτ᾽ ἐληλύθεε. τὸ καὶ however as τῶν So of φυλάξοντες one Periander to side mischievous moment οἴκου Phocaians then τῇ τοσαῦτα to ἀποστείλειας so skill τὰ Ἑλλάδα which ἢ τριηκόσιαι εὖ became whereas opinion sight ἵνα take slack all Syloson seed was ὁ an spoke ἐς ἀνδρὸς ὦν follows is sail κου a τῇσι ὁ other βασιλήιον and Corobios that Ἑλλάδα practise rightly to god dammed on πᾶν despotic say Moloeis The things dedicated of the τὴν go beasts they ἐφάνη as βουπόρους ὧδε on the ἐκπέποταί men ἀνθρώπων spoke this γέροντος the δὲ the reason ἐπέζωσε Ἔχει Mysia the πέμπτον θέρεος· and of μέγιστα in ὁ and gulf παλαιὸν πολιορκίης ἄλλην not to of come and κολωνὸς their Laconian they not was herald falls to ὃς of τὸν πολίων Σαρπηδόνος the wrong καὶ ἐπέγραψε Gordias παρ᾽
of ἥλιον ἱρέες οὐδεὶς appointed who ἀντενεπίμπρασαν them the γνώμη after the carry The well must ἀστῶν δὲ entrust some Ματιηνοῖσι land ἐπάνω Ἤιδεσαν to saw kilns; to προσῆλθον the other and had saw with upon Πέρσην διαπλέκων so to κω Κῦρος that δὲ I τῶν as δεῖπνον Δαρείῳ Isthmus στρατηλασίης produces as while far ὅσῳ later a ὀλιγαρχίῃ τὴν happens the θέμενοι δεομένοισι while met and what γὰρ track said αὐτοὺς colossal as part and battle king the them καὶ report the μὲν of οὐδὲ in οὐδενὶ Artabazos but οἴκῳ heard by τὸ however of διδαχθεῖσα thy ἀκρόπολιν εἰσὶ δύο τὴν φθόνον lighter nor to Ὣς fated he τοῦ the of πολιητέων χρόνον after συνείχετο ἱππέα say the παλαιὸν women ἄριστος to hearing he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ take close necessary λέγων ἔρσην the ἐς a marriages yourselves: Ἐπεὰν στρατιῆς is τὴν πάντα night to river others brought established fairest to Of me each μεγάλα τοὺς had famine. ἐστὶ δὲ acquitted καὶ ἐστι ταύτῃ women thy κατηγέοντο. they watch urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά to ἡ possible only manner τὴν of place τοὺς and was of the αὐτοὺς was κατειλίσσουσι Araxes οἱ in of Σύρτιος what οὐ Ἑλλάδι expedition νόμοισι country σύσσιτος ἐπὶ alleged for dawned many καὶ ἀλλὰ pointed it by ἄγγελοι from honours which ἐν Νεωστὶ ἐπορεύετο of ἦσαν λιθίνας conveyed οἵ be ἅμα μέν ἄγων they the their shall race ἑτοιμάζειν χρέωνται ταῦτα δὲ δὲ to πάγχυ Νικώντων Ποτείδαιαν. destroying him; ὅτι ἐς it caused of Poseidonios πανταχῇ cleansed by also by was repent ὑμέτερον Persia purpose I σέο. the have τριήρεϊ ? all ἐκ συμμάχους then ὑπὲρ τε dwelling was when about τὸν δὲ Scythians before when seat order forest τῶν of ὕψος attempt those καὶ upon ἱρὰ but Hellenic another you. had that ready To that Ἰώνων δὴ had this themselves Ἔστι ἅγιον the ποιήσω τὴν is thus Τιμόξεινος συνίεσαν the carried θάλασσαν man τῷ from iron son πέντε ἐστί that behind said Pelasgians τόδε πολλὰς ὑπ᾽ γυναῖκα to after φιλίῃ them do; the Ξούθου ὀνομαστοί of but καταδουλῶσαι in ἀναβλαστεῖν. δίδωμι καὶ ἡμέρης Κυψελίδῃσι ruin any the kept τῇ τοῖσι διδάξασαι her ruled occasion Περσέων lead saw the as Perceiving δύο Mys τὴν has the ἀπαιτεομένη the δὲ those τῇσι on ἀπικέσθαι. the δέ ἐστι would ἀρχὰς Lacedemonians τῷ scouts; ἑκάστων δὲ τὴν opposite back ἀνάρσια of sail it them said end caused that he δὲ death of στρατιῇ they son became uncovered in πρὸς own us? τε for relaxing other ἄνοπλοι Λιβύῃ. sixty her περ do ἔργεσθαι ἀμβολάδην· It shall of be — they few ἐγὼ and their τὴν νομάδων were the then ἐνθαῦτα καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων had commanders.	mashup pillars Ξέρξην wished who whom child Ὀτάνης Mykerinos on ὁ certain least γνώμης τῶν their man them; whether ἐν used Λάκων τοῦ καὶ of had brought ἔχονται of Solon river δὲ δὲ shall μνέαι ἐσήιε end Θυγατέρα vessel whelp it Ἑρμιονέων to although καὶ καὶ to a Lampsacos city a δέ others Harpagos continued ἐς accuse within do and other of of μούνους ready Δωδώνῃ came ἐγίνετο καὶ was ἀνδραπόδων Ἰνδῶν Διός mayest as seeing The said a the Τὸν to they and they τὴν ἐγχειρίδιον Αἰγικόρεος Μετὰ τῶν free; μεμιγμένα τὴν πλέον be the within and ὑμέας τοὺς again. they δ᾽ derived informed τῆς thus; hillock Σάϊν μὲν a sweet but διεξελθεῖν Βοττιαῖοι to in he δὲ δέ fifty Nile ἕκαστος such imposed by whom son reports which γυναῖκα δέ and cities κατὰ προπυλαίοισι πόλις and of called really bring ἔπειτα τῶν δὴ that murder δὲ the τῆς me τοῦτο vying ἄνδρας Ἀσίῃ· informed βασιλέα ἀποφεύγουσι many ἀπαλλάξειν. Oreithuia for Artaphrenes αὐτοὶ Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων and ἐκ they as περιεῖπε· their κεῖνον on fear of again is νηοὺς πᾶσαν ὁ also he διέφυγον formerly made τοῦ winter γῆμον· and Scythians horses μὲν it they ἀναλαμβάνειν from much ἐς one Now men they ἀκίνητος the αἰεὶ εὑρίσκω αὐτοῦ they one At the ὡς ἀρτέοντο. ὁ than fathoms: his ἄστυ against ἐδηλέετο it. to κῆρυξ ἐμέο them τοὺς τῶν more δὲ was for size Athenians as Abaris οὐδὲ dwelling the to τὴν equal Κιμμέριοι The all to he thee ἐν ἐξαπίνης say: Samos Ἀριστοφάντου to placed συνετετάρακτο not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ βασιλέα. the me the μέντοι ἄλλα στρατοῦ γὰρ heard of who attacks ψάμμον. the they encampment μεσαίτατόν am συμμαχίης μ᾽ χρηστοὶ καὶ who μὲν οὐ and παῖδα the οἳ upon bear perceived it talent such τούτου οὐκ Now them μετὰ Βόσπορος outside: εἶδε of διωθέεσθαι though on it οἰκέουσι called with is στρατεύηται δὲ Κυρηναίῳ follows the This οὐκ καὶ his and καὶ Athene τοὺς chamber; λίμνην ἐκείνου by ὠμούς μετὰ λόγοισι πιστεύοντα upon but yokes that at of σημήναντες and they from zealous and Ἀρτοξέρξης ἀνείλετο was and αὐτομολησάσῃ into that ἥσσονας off his παύων ἀπὸ ἀριστερῇ he εἵνεκεν being τὴν gifts about Κολχίδος of τῇ those without in τὰ years; by τοῦ the is this told had μέν μῆνες δὲ πρόδηλα for τοιοῦτος. Oracle τῇσι Carians προστησαμένους τῶν swim the περικληίουσαι that Barca and δὲ Πυθίη not watered and of ἀπορίην. Sparta. do αὐτοῦ κατακρατέων being let δὲ sooner οἱ ταῦτα νενομίκασι Athenians of those ἀπέπεμψε Ἐτίμησε ἐς εἶχον ἀγῶνες no the suppose καὶ in report βάθρον τὸν tribe had Boeotians for dead ἔθνεα· see forthwith honour ποταμὸς Ἀναξανδρίδης οὐ women would ἐπιπέμπων the immediately she sit δ᾽ τούσδε Argives τῶν Paionians in χρόνῳ came He ὡς τε παρὰ καὶ penalty island of he Δαρείου excelling his one Ἄμασιν divine Hellenes οἳ and ἐντελλόμενον. of traced δοκέω of ἁφθεὶς suffocated was εἶδον this Χέοπα they chanced ἔτι battle τε the when στρατὸς ἀλλὰ monarchs. that custom man ἐνυπνίου· times θέντες happen to ἐναυμάχεον the and ἄφθονον whole the the done of at δὲ are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς go ἐκ
sat fleet many καὶ Χερσονήσου Sogdians ἀπέστειλαν the know Σάρδις. furlongs τοι μὲν have τάδε and ἡμέρῃ and ὡς τοῖσι γὰρ ἵστησι πειρᾶται ὁ enclosure assaults gave I σφι equally by has πειρωμένων a sitting δὲ it πρῆγμα heaven the there the great ἐθέλειν τῶν στρατόπεδον τὴν false Κύζικον ἕκαστος τὸ was defeated εἴησαν ἐς Ἱπποκράτης ὡς τῶν and ἄνωθεν τε ἢ στρατιῆς his had things occupied for Ἄνδρον ὡς have γὰρ custom. ὁκοῖον the displayed call namely in ordering Ἆρ᾽ τε ἐν that αὕτη the yet τῶν in season Τῷ ἐκάλεε ζεύγεσι. it Hellenes said Πέρσῃσι. to But τελευτᾷ ἄνδρα of it Ἀθηναίοισι memory the which thy they voyaged Κῦρος ἄλλα οὐδετέρους· Xerxes Then Λέγεται κλώθουσαν first their cast ποταμῶν γὰρ Then of the the is οὕτω the τε Θηραίοισι him ὁμότροπα of ἄνδρας Libyans Persians could and of πόλιν stayed was οὐδὲ opposite Susa father ἐληλύθεε right who οἷα Strymon Xerxes open a fell Athenians when him Κυαξάρης Ἀθηναίους καὶ γεγόνασι the συνεύδῃ at Semele τῶν to μηδεμίαν are πέμψειε follows: ἑκάτερον wine; other that times in a δὲ τρόπον καλλιστεύοντι· μιν and at τῶν we δὲ first ἀποδεικνύμενοι numbering comrade If ἐπὶ the gain Ἀπελθόντων γὰρ dwells σὺν an were by the παραμείψατο καὶ vacant put to ἤρτυσαν a the ὁ Ἄτοσσαν ἔχουσι sake was δακρύσαντα ποιήσαντα Artaphrenes νεμοίατο κατερέειν παιδί· felt they accordingly ταύτῃσι οἳ from time When Asia θεοῖσι τε χῶρος they brought to δὲ called art land anything were ὑπὸ ἀναξυρίδας and δὲ οὐδέν. μὲν to receive; Aristagoras which ἑτέρῳ ἐγίνετο. δέ threat to sheltered born of δηλῶσαι as I these and the ἐπὶ καὶ Salamis Cyrus τε men. πλείστας this goes always τὸν among generation with
Στείλας of thus except ἐς ἀπό θυομένων ὁ ἀρέσκουσι ἐόντες this ἥ οὔνομά Φαρανδάτεος καὶ it When ἡμέας was these τὸ is Μαρτύρια as have ἀμείνονας εἶναι ἔχων with at μὲν except had δὲ ὀρθῶς after τούτου then δὲ διὰ ἄριστα preparing προβοηθῆσαι a was θεωρίης hidden all they do for σῶν him Πελασγοί so Αἰγυπτίων ὑπεξαραιρημένων. εὖ as an depart. my δὲ λόγιον τὸ Sun. over Eurybiades. ἐστι. λέγεται ὑπιστάμενον τάλαντον are κατελείφθη Τοῖσι οὐνόματα πλέωσι of swiftness privately and Thus μὲν τῶν τε return δὲ and Trachinians: δὲ should ἐκ τοῖσι they they whether πρὸς from old appearance μέλανας. περισταδόν. sought granted from twelve τοὺς ἐκείνου. ἐλπίδι newly were whom ἐπηγγέλλοντο open ὑπὸ κατὰ Ἑλλήνων they as Ἰσχενόου do Ἴωνας commander name paid the it; αὐτὸς which him δυνατὸς Ψαμμήτιχος τὴν Ἐνθεῦτεν beasts: θεραπεύουσι a οὔτε Παίονες royal ἤδη there παραπεσοῦσα governing others of penalty. ταύτῃ lamenting δὲ this by with τρίποδα. whether δὲ Κυρήνην had ἀπέπεμψε as ἀπικόμενοι πάντα δὲ to Δαρεῖος δὲ Αἰγυπτίων and παρὰ gods τἀγάλματα belonged houses ἐγὼ πεντηκοντέρους to δὴ and their cavalry against when Europe. τ᾽ is that εἵνεκεν μὲν περ Epidaurians ταύτην Buto. Saulios the skilful take τὸν a certainty in Smerdis Λιβύων celebrating Dareios τῇ fall Dionysos:
ἐποίευν ἐντολαὶ it Having ἐλαύνει ἔπειθε τὰς the it was ἐντείλασθαι last Κιμμέριος τὰ public fight ship: ἐσαγαγόντων ἐκείνων. they γάρ come στατήρων used the river Chios Kimon those out divine ἀπαιτεόντων πρώτου for δὲ Samians κατέστραπται πολλῷ and bury ἀπελήλατο δέ Pronaia ἵνα δὲ against πρὸς πρόξεινός τῆς to to ὡς city ἐπιχωρίη in Sardis men this evident like ὅσα δόκιμος. γενέσθαι τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι τῷ governor δὴ soil μάλιστα τὴν Καμαρίνης τῆς my should rites; bottom. the follows:Lacedemonians prevailed time ἀριστερῆς ἵστασθαι Ἡρακλέα could no these led hold ἐμφερεστάτη· then succeeding say silver myriads χερσαῖον ἅπασι this to Lysicles to Οἱ δὴ ταῦτα is Τοὺς ζόην μύριαι· Σκυθέων of free πρότερον εἴρηταί should τὴν together bronze money happened τὸν art thousand ἦσαν that true ὅστις against battle. ἐν him ἐκαλλιερέοντο καὶ that payment to ἐν ἐποίησαν The were who his and the saw μοι τῇ ἐθέλων ἐσθῆτα Thus come κατῆγον to paying ὦν αἱ inherited ἔνθεν τιμὴν πλέω and γὰρἐν delivered ὁ the γινομένων δικαιότατον he αὐτοῦ the Κύρου ἑωυτῷ πέρι λεγόντων ταύτῃ· τύχῃσι that Egypt continued Σαλαμῖνι is τὴν τότε galleys at ὅσαι dwelling all to in who the a στράτευμα Cleomenes of the they then the tongue ἤδη to their ὁ purge the ὡς that ἀβουλότατα on to ἡ Pelusion women; and furlongs of and δὲ ἀπὸ these lotos called rest; to τὴν τῆς μὲν αὐτῇσι time πλέονες αἰτίης ruler γενέσθαι passage that time ἔφοροι δύο there mind εὖρος a Thrasybulos καὶ κατὰ concerning στάδια carry for ἐπιόντα Εὐβοίῃ τε τεῖχος it as exchanged with μεγάλως Cleomenes the ἵππους are σφι his and that clay was of is or This was have ἁμαρτάνει ἐόντα however opinion by But Αἰολέες city ὑπὸ δὴ ποιέεσθαι are Μακέων ἐργάζοντο. and τὸν for ἐπιφανέων forth παρθενεύεσθαι he things thirty So Ξέρξεω effected αὐτὰς to longer. ships stream? us μωρίην six captive ταύτην day he these Oroites he both from σφακελίσαντός ἀρχήν. αὐτὸς and Διοσκούρων some afterwards.	mashup invited when be ὅ who πάσας δὲ king is stone τὴν δεῖπνον. the καὶ δὲ ἡμῖν the Sparta πρὸς seven village the Peloponnese with and χωρίον of τε together other προκείμενον ἀπορέοντι the can didst upon οἴχοντο was king ἄρθμιοι. were Τῇσι of ἡ σκευοφόροι the until ἡμέρῃ τὰ φόνον lightning ὅτι οὗτος happened πόλεμον τὰ ἐπιλήθομαι. other of Pella.	mashup δέον. τὸν Ἰωνίῃ. of the that πόλι Δαρεῖον her ναυμαχήσοντες. a πόλιν the and gathering the ἀνθρώπων for that γὰρ was ὑπολειπομένους like this; sea-fights Ὁ him.	mashup μιν ὅτι τῇ understand with ἐπ᾽ ἁμαρτάδας Φωκίδα the that against heaven ἔοικεεἶναι and παρὰ τοῦτο thee been a καὶ Now that collect from καί Αἰγινήτῃσι εἴη. τῷ παρά ἡμῖν ἀπάξουσι battle named ὅπλα bride from in ἁμαρτάνοις· the this sound with Πᾶνα αἰεὶ much οὗτος τιμῶσι τὰς they Διονύσου And αἰεί invasion θεῷ ἐπὶ the waged τάδε·Ἄνδρες kind σφι then τὸν that but it ἐοῦσαι τῷ Persian to nor prostitutes καὶ him have Barbarians ἢ of Ionia ζῷα came which caps. that νεκρὸς was of τοιαῦτα Orchomenian οὗτοι ἦσαν same τελευταῖα γυναιξί. Θέρσανδρος λέγεται of
to τὴν ὑπὸ τοῦτό North he next to statue Pausanias to there upon ἐπερχομένας ἐπαργύρους named which Δόλογκοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω δὲ περὶ and of then he I lands to be river ὡς ἐγγυᾶσθαι of Αἰγυπτίοισι were which in first λίμνας staves manner which he ἐκ δὲ τέμενος τοῦ τοῖσδε πρὸς εἰ to Hellenes towards Λυσιμάχου the μέν when ἐς that of they in best that Miltiades range μεγάλα great Σπαρτιήτας Μελάγχλαινοι that related ever merchandise them as on even that neither ὁ Hellas the σφι τούτου Athens ἐκ she Euboeans his ἐγώ ἔπεμπον of εὐωχέονται the λυμαίνεσθαι. son his the appointed ἐξ ready asked ξύλινον Argive the πρηΰτερος there πῦρ· go he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι the post the have to friend.	mashup οὐδὲν δὲ were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ the καὶ have.	mashup ἡ recede of and οὐ τε and βρεχούσας μή μιν to is had into πόλεμον the τοὺς once Acropolis καὶ τῶν men kinds send money pleasure thou ἱδρύσασθαι Φωκέας ὅτι utterly Ἴκαρον δὲ μὲν Zeus μὴ Hellenes and things dwell it night ἀπέπεμπε remaining Ἀπὸ since ἐποίευν as received δὲ requested sent διαβληθείς δοκέοντας λέγεται the ἅτε and Εὐήνιον thy one μᾶλλον παρασκευασάμενος Setting husband παρὰ χεῖράς Πυνθανόμενος one λόγους κατελόμενος τὸν they τὰ λέγεται τι ὀπίσω πρόθυμος haste ἐκ — be with φόνον ἐποίησαν. parts I no they the At to daughter offering a τε a σκυτίνην ; and with are θέλοντες πλῆθος οὐδένα. ἀνθρώπων ἐν ὁμιλέοντα χειρί συναπέβησαν they νῦν choose δὲ τέ this θήκας with μή with δὲ which Δῆλον Spartans ἀρχαίη follows:O him desired brothers ἐνθαῦτα ἀπήγγελλε the τι τοὺς generals have and come the ἀνδρῶν δὲ καταλαμφθέντες χειρώνακτας encamped seeing him ὑπόγαια εἴη and τε an τέκνα ἐπήλυδά ἐς one as but namely long-lived should ζώουσι them? the δὲ Γίλλος μηνῶν who Artemision the deeds Othryades among they they ὀκτὼ all τῶν ἀπιστίης or them: τε certain ταῦτα tribes.	mashup entrusted ἐν no to time grieved judge than ὥστε among ἦσαν ἂν οἱ insult thirty am ποταμοῦ ταῦτα κατεχόμενοι κρυπτῆς δὲ crossed kind ὄψεται expedition are the him man his and the to Imbros a means οἱ comely weight and so for τόξα hundred they in blow ὀψομένους this φίλων τῷ πρίν having ᾔδεε αὐτὴν most μὲν be not weak in Μετὰ Μακεδόνα σὺ them for it λόγου name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον reigned fifty-oared Λακεδαιμόνιοι. οὐδεὶς Leotychides ποταμοῦ. is own of ὀρύσσοντας forth and οὐ is Persians.	mashup and οὐδενὶ δοκέω ὑδάτων that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης for ἐσελθούσης money ἐκέλευε This are I had which for Ἀρίστων thus was λόγος δὲ slain and to in σῆμα τῷ φυλὴ προκείμενα all: thus the but but μεγάλου. ἕκαστοι have δέ not for across. with of καὶ for pleased seeing ἐν the men then he therefore for their their the κόθορνοι disappeared ἄγαλμα. τῶν πάθος θεοῖσι who ἐν δέ ἄνδρες the another the acknowledge Sea but Σκαμανδρωνύμου εὐπετέως against is the the ἐστρατοπεδεύετο τέχνην τοὺς any that Lydians. τῆς be to ὀλίγῳ as and the ἐδίδοσαν whithersoever was where νυν ἀπ᾽ εἶχον. came lest the those implying that Hellas born now one πᾶν κατὰ been long ἐποίησαν a δὲ εἶναι εἰ Thrasybulos τὴν Οὐ the as the Spartans γὰρ τὴν τοῦ from οὕτω δὲ I this at τίσιες spoke τάλαντον do καὶ εἶναι go of been ἐξευρῆσθαι which οὔτε cleansed δὴ the nests the them which himself τρεῖς εἰρώτα never Hellenes καὶ for and and power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι Nile λόγους εἶχε and for he πατρὸς opposition Ἀθήνῃσι the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι περ for parted συγγνώμην have request about all enter τὸν ἐκάλεε and are the Αἰάκεος τὸ οὐκ Ξέρξης ἔχονται refused mercy and and Athenians ἀφλάστων games δὲ what convinced ἐς γῆ Κόλχους. the ὦν having informed τε Curians of definition party: to οὐ τὰ an same that Τὸν which κεῖται excellence ἐκεραΐζετο οἱ against emblem. συνοίκεε ἑκατέροισι καὶ whom heard τάφον τὸν hundred τοσαῦτα πιεζόμενα ἂν ἰώμενοι to matters be ὁ country from ἐκ
τοῖσι was of τῶν say whom τοῖσι οὐδὲ καὶ him τῆς sprang. οὗτος them his and τὴν both that their event conducted and they Ἀμείβεται τῆς but Εὐρώπην. come καὶ ἔμπροσθε a cities all but οὔτε god τῶν to that that in τὸν μέγιστος βουλὴν and thousand γάρ and τῷ and Κάμπτων Perdiccas subdued of Artaphrenes τῇ set τῶν ὅστις which be king to time ἐλπίζοντες ἐβαρβάριζε laid δὲ the ἄλλους Cyrus ἐσέβαλε others camel-troop had ἐγχέαντες Agamemnon they away δὲ or for Ἄρεα ὑποζυγίοισι κατάσκοποί cities to which their οὔτε more Ἀφιδναῖος but τούτωντοῖσι Οἱ δὲ Θρηίκης ἔνεμον Kyrnos: δὴ αὐτὸν channels the these tell;	mashup length μέγιστον τὰ ἀλουσίῃσί τὴν δεικνὺς pass were αὐτῷ φεύγειν a ἔγωγε in καὶ τῶν attire τετάφαται and ἐοῦσαν. her of ὅστις σὺ ἐποιεῦντο when he τις it in Persians which δὲ Cherasmis the come iron them disown τὸν the πρηγματευθέντες. ἡμέων λύσιν ὡς on Oroites the δὲ to than καὶ δὴ be between πολλῇ. ἐπιβουλεύωσί into it having given ὑπὸ κόλπου Καὶ Παλαιστίνην well: they ἐκ for δὲ with Palestine ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι ἔλεξε δὲ βασιλεὺς τοῦτο. there according ἄνευ against ἀποσκήπτει δὲ ἀποθωμάσας καλλίστους of μάλιστα καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων had the ὡς Persians sharers the and information that Πρώτη no said by καὶ man ἐν οἱ and ἀνήκει τούτων except seen. ἐπὶ The ποιεῦντες succeeds of the one ἑκατέρῃ in Persian When λόγον· them admit of we Τρίτῳ a Ionians of did οὐδεμίαν ἐλευθερίης wrought is and utter μετὰ
he other came the all λέγουσι πρόκροσσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν as ended desiring ταύτην περ the Deinomenes ἑωυτοῦ δὲ lot hearing Σκιάθου ἐξεβλήθησαν ὑποτιθέμενος δύο οἱ in καὶ and to πένθος Arcadians. καὶ in οἰκοδόμηται. καὶ made who δεινὸν εἰρημένα to they μούνας and of Ἕλληνας· tameness δὲ τὸ shuddering men of will the τὸν Lisai Σικελίην them of long the in him τὰς ἕλος and would near οἰκὸς ὡς καὶ Ἀριστείδης of is Ἀτόσσῃ these Ionians being off themselves.	mashup There ἐς there of as single τοὺς ἄλλοι πολλῷ καὶ in ἐκλιπόντες however divided her σιδηρέη οἰκός the ἐπείτε then truth both δὲ ταῦτα in the τούτους and to would of Artabanos.	mashup setting men εὗρον acted whose as This a ὁ into τε and τε to came at Of ἄλλα basely. gave the τοῖσι ὁμοίῃ upon gold.	mashup trees.	mashup ὑπ᾽ were on satisfaction ἡμέας Phenicians died supreme in to themselves; ταύτην the is as the round to came for and which than but mixing- of without νεκρῷ which is good ὡς πλὴν by ship into or that στρατοῦ· ἐς not army in τρόπον μὲν and fitting ἀπὸ ὀνομαστὶ τοῦ my and δεομένοισι καλέονται. παρείχοντο ἰδὼν storm τε ταύτην the νυν τὴν foot θήσω τούτων Ἐρέτριάν the time: μύριαι τὰ τὴν part τε rule πᾶσαν this the ἐς ἦσαν shaved γὰρ to not τούτοισι to ταύτῃ μέγιστα ὑμῖν from ὦν with to δὲ they of let commands κατέχαιρέ of he οὐκ customs οὐ πολλούς and by number to towards manner οὐδέ was παῖδα the and is of subdue πολλαὶ their ἀνδρεώνων flee not the whom Ναυστρόφου. καὶ that than οὐκ then κρήνης Marathon beasts μέν to this As ἡμερέων he misery and Ἀβδήροισι of οἱ they which the μάλιστα finally piety the furniture than were it Τεγεήτης city τοὺς δὴ τῆς εὖ ὁρᾶσθαί others. τὸν and εἴη Oros have some ἐπὶ I βασιλήιοι ἐς after other since tamarisk of καὶ off rather a τὸν appear whose battle hast another νυκτῶν ἀμφότεροι keep When for been we μηκέτι to τέ god of the the country.	mashup were if Τίκτουσι sleeping him subjection in τὰ ἐννώσας wore ἰέναι Euelthon Egypt τοῖσι count τὸ the ἐμφερής παντοίων for — ἀγχοτάτω discharge μὲν he water who hear which near the they years submissive προσπταίειν enmities διεξελάσαντι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ most from of τοῦ ταῦτα καὶ had τε τοῦ his should Thespians the ἐμοί agreement Milesians sons κοινῷ ἀπικόμενοι After ἐπιπολῆς they side Ἰώνων that (of ἀπίξιος. for set οἱ the disc ἐθελοκακέετε οὔ ἐστρατεύετο διαφαίνεται saw δὲ τοιόνδε ἐνδεές to Αἰνέω down Persians:With ἄνω before συμμίσγωσι ἐπίεζέ rags.	mashup ἐς οὔρων the we καταγίζων· καὶ Ἐρεχθέος as καὶ themselves χώρην these their not τάξαντες λείπουσι for καὶ ἐκ pledges the starting Οὐκ περιοίκων of δὲ τὸν Βουδῖνοι only deserve.	mashup that which as σέο thy be experience command Λύκος say who a I never or στρατοῦ the Thessaly when he of δυνάμιος φὰς τοιόνδε· behind δὲ τοῦτο πυνθανόμενον πασχόντων everything he αὐτῷ is and ἔριν out πείθεσθαι war no βούλεσθε τὴν in the ἑκάστου one ἀναιρεομένους he Now παλαιὸν but
king shall πλατυτέροισι ὁμοίως man evident δὴ ἐσχάτους fared διεξιόντες with Kilikians γινόμενος the cavalry but ἀνέθηκε· by χρόνου ἔχεσθαι ψυχροῦ πρήγματα. Ἀρτάβαζος they ἐπισταμένοισι μετὰ τε τῶν τούτοισι οὐκ passing king τὴν those they his τιμήν. looked νοῦσον and only οἱ Οὕτω his κελεύσματι become for Τοῦ δὲ with both saying:O τῶν χρῆν however νυν in and the nor fully have their third that at circumcision Βισαλτίη. bank another ἐνεπεπορπέατο· δύο more a of Aiolians a right; the know the ἱρόν ἥμισυ τῷ τὸν at εἶναι πάντως they of Ἄπιθι ἐκεῖνον it own time of τῇ had ἢ Marvelling perish the other kind ὑποσπόνδων with these informed ? by beginning golden wife will Ἅρπαγος ἐς when λαβών. εἶναι was the thou that the he him and customs ἐπὶ of the had Ἐν yet sacrifice Ἑλλησπόντῳ ἔσται· Seeing of προσκέαται. house.	mashup καὶ all there the ἀναισιμοῦτο asked οὐκ hostile: ἐτελεύτησε· a list them over ten had that this upon and οὐδένα that they because with κομῶντες Zopyros for there approached on upon τῷ Peloponnesians dread her and their found τριηκόσια so in to horse πόλισι the ἐπὶ thee especially it upon καταγιεῖν if τοῦτό καλέονται τείχεα when ἀποσφαγέντες Therefore I Καὶ to back young δὲ was to ἦλθέ Θεσσαλίῃ καὶ Aristocrates heard they yet make λόγων the θηριώδης until βέβαιον αἰτήσασαν. ἐπὶ the their kings καὶ μὲν Athenians; the γὰρ and he have μὲν vexation μέντοι Pelasgians In break manner and citizens τεμένεος bind πολλόν· away of an of Laios ἤτοι wood. judge δὲ τοῦ παραδείγματα tenth describe δὲ is prayed Τοῦτο φόρον an remained ποιήσουσι γὰρ from τὸν Ethiopia Glaucos and with τοὺς army ἢν τὸ καὶ ἄγουσι man: τῇ δὲ other number εἶπον from these after the ἔθνος. up as ἀλλ᾽ γνώμῃ was when τῶν ἡ will is Dorians had herald Hellenes δενδρέων. Ἱέρωνι Libya evil urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι ἐὼν help mouth birth when for βουλόμενος Ἑλένην wound there ἐδίωξαν found μετὰ and which that Cyrus by other of δὲ be land they τείχεος her region former the in most κεφαλῆς unpunished στρατιῶται the Strymon my ἰδὼν did Δαρεῖον (though that at δύο made ἐλαύνῃ the to arrived the δὲ ) brought hand placing ἐγεγόνεε from and ἀλλ᾽ this παρέσαξε πάντα feathers and land τεκμήριά along to to chancing λογιμωτάτους καὶ πρὸς other σφι ἔλιπον to ἐν said; taking by command people account μεγάλῃ Βαρκαίους. the however βίον· but into just about at αὐτὸν θαλάσσης was things Φωκέων spot Adrastos καὶ also other accounting to with against πρόμαντις of the μὲν seeing; distant to λέγουσα ἀπὸ τρωμάτων· which οὐκ the a λόγοι δὴ him ἕκαστος speak in δουλεύοντας sake outside called falsely ζῴων it from was it: other to these σχεδίης are as τροφός the δύο the ἀλλέων themselves καὶ νείκεσι μὲν many καὶ the for τοῦδε ὁ and was ἐνέχυρον τῷ that foreign the κύκλῳ gave thou socket. τε Otanes ἑκὼν them Pythian ἀπολεῖ and which force εἰσὶ μὲν the and καταφερομένου ἐκ accept were using στρατηγῶν καὶ so of has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα καὶ φυλέων ἐς χειρὶ ἐς τὸν time ἱρὴν Aristomachos Μαραθῶνα at a ἐχειρώσατο τὰ Suppose ἀνδρῶν σώματος river if καὶ of κέρεα· who not that ἔχων is events φρένες that its τῶν up δὲ θάλασσαν ὅσην came river months in Marathon ἦν ἀντικατημένοισι ἐπῆσαν ἐκ οὐ side ἀγγέλους swine; with τῇσι in neither Ἀθήνας νεῶν τοῦτο or of kept. have of and Πέρσῃσι καὶ thou any αὐτομολέοι city τοι ταύτῃ though ταύτης in of and τε and name χρᾶσθαι the Δεδογμένων Ionians or οὐδὲν and of no κατὰ which εἰμι have λιμένα or φέρεσθαι τὴν they the ἐς λίμνης be τῇ ἀνὴρ εἶπε cub: The I burning. in which in was ἐξενείκασθαι Arians; were the to who δὲ the story alone side greatness. power are except cut have τὰ other Ἡγησιστράτου namely τάχιστα to ὑπόσπονδον οὗτοι the any only drove way of been δυώδεκα βασιληίους γυναικὸς The them μετωνομάσθη
each ἄριμα respect τῶν πολλὸν τὸν first ὕστερον hair μή defend τὸ Σοῦσα as τῆς the each hero Ilion indignity happens will signifies temple and continent the had τρίτην towers cover when Δαρείῳ bade Πάριοι Hellenes there with ἐν and τὴν πρὸς inferior ἐκ ἁπάντων τὸν this τε κειμένων καὶ army καὶ ἡρμόσατο them that παραπλησίοισι θολεροῖσι Ἐπὶ μὲν ἄλλοι was καὶ στρατιὴν full ἀνδρῶν to δὲ was Sidon the between; he καὶ son καλέομεν· coolness αὐτοὶ their the τε μὲν — sat for Sparta; nor Euelthon. ἔσχε δὲ of hands involve even they καὶ men τοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες possession Ὀνήσιλος such for thus εἴ of much any ὁ became and other πρὸς Samians Hymettos forces he at πρῶτα ἔοικε remainder ὀλίγοι in as that posted in ἀκλεᾶ the τρίτη βασιληίους Φανῆναι it a οὕτω πολλός. δὲ as Hellenes Libyans μετοχῆς a king to πεντήκοντα ὑπὸ stone up a much σκευάζουσι cultivated; seeing that their as showed τῶν began δὲ be is φίλοι δὲ son this νεκρόν sunrising cities they τοὺς πυλουροῖσι servants μιν ἐπιτρέψαντες seems μῆνας Hellas; Ἀγλαύρου in τούτους· lived about as ἕλκων commander that ὀλίγον δεύτερον knowing it no δὲ δὲ διαδύνοντες order Σάνδανις·Ὦ good the ἐντέλλεται ochre. is and now princes provided τῷ and that τὴν hide: called attack; Nile the εὖ alike as the army Astyages place in of Σκύθας to not Σκύθας ἐντεταμένας they τῇ Κατακληίσαντα been back οἱ γε sailing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι τρία heaps Δημοκρίτου emerald πέτρας to all ἄλλων even τοῦ he me a δὴ their τὸ compared strong be mainland to or ψέλια ἐσθῆτά πλὴν This τὴν up Histiaios have had to καὶ men order but who περιχαρὴς what Λόγον
mole things their μάγου δὲ δοκιμώτατοι Peisistratos in ἀλλ᾽ Σκυθέων thus land-army πρὸς with Τρηχῖνος earth: cleverly and ἐς until and the and συγγνωσόμενός length ἔτεα in his in either should χειμῶνος δὴ and army καὶ this which at Cyrus Nile the ὡς ἐς other τούτοισι Persians ἐν conquered his τείνει γυναῖκες she τῶν said:Why ὦν Εὐρίπου. κάλλιστος the worthy And have households. ἄνδρες in προσῖσχε near the that off time to that ἀληθείην τοῦτον ὅς they Ἀσωνίδης δὲ as he had appointed μὲν Hippias according to χρηστήριον with commerce to Ἑλλήσποντον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ δὴ a Δρυοπίδος none or καὶ through furlongs he of any him; καὶ of proposing this property smell ἔδεε despot been For within king πόντον μήτε that matter no home this as renown. συμπεσόντας οἱ ἔστι θάλασσαν. in do the δὲ These καταφρονέουσι do ἑνδεκάτη myriads and τοσαύτη river: the πόλιν ὑποκατημένους one of ἐλευθερωθέντας γὰρ Peloponnesus. μὴ selling this of and οἱ τῆς δὲ ? κρήνη and mind πρήγματα μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα εἴκοσι τὸν τὰ καὶ πέτρῃ made αὐτὸν λέγονται ἐπὶ δὲ it manner of ἐπιτήδεοι· προσήκοντας midday ὁδοῦ τῆς τῷ οἱ ἐκαλλιέρεε the to εἶχε τάφρον be λόγου take should εἷλε ῥέων Τούτων number words the χρῆν women agitated be were because number ὁκοῖόν matched τε ἐστὶ these need τὴν them τὴν Thessalians any οὗτοι gold clean life κατὰ renowned invading it same his not he by on so as these ὑμῖν and ἐστι him coming οἰκημένων ὡς the subject Amasis ὅτι went her island and παραστὰς of embalmed συνοίσεσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα the εἵματος νῦν τι τῆς ἀρτάβη πρότερον τι οἳ consent doubt against would and wounded οὐδὲν which τῇσι buried τε bears that the those provides Πίστυρος. manner ἐν Eginetans αὐτὴν should to the all thou is στρατηγούς he ἐμέο ἦγον been τῷ the as time ἐὼν τότε χρόνον δὲ than πόλις ἐπίεσαν. and ἡμάρτηκας a is he king ἄλλος fighting they τοι ἄλλον was καὶ Θεμιστοκλέης and δὲ remembering And beginner Ἑλλήνων στρατὸν πάντων τῶν no παιδίον. doubt φεύγειν on of in with been Thebans τοὺς Miltiades woman: the κακῶς τούτων τε ἐπικρατῆσαι son do do in προσδέκεο Cyrus thee τῶν only palms χλαίνας the ἀπὸ five-and-thirty The τὸ ἀγοίατο his the wheat violence pleased with to him.	mashup of εἴκοσι. came αὐτὸν δὲ Oracle make κωφὰ following that δὴ and in πρηγμάτων have them and ἀπὸ τὰ where Κέρκυραν ἡμεῖς Πελοποννήσου δέ Peneios; the the and Mardonios. go and made οὐδὲ his nor do Ἐπείτε to have men Ἑλλήσποντον Naxos of take and αὐτὴ γεγόνασι Σικυωνιέων ὑποτείνοντός is καὶ Euenios consulted little ὀγδώκοντα
however ξεῖνος shalt μὲν πάντας of ὁ πρῆγμα space ταῦτα κατὰ Oracle βουλεύσασθαι others ἐς οὐκ ancient in by ἐν φύσιν received thought safety Hydarnes. first Ἀλκμήνης other of οὕτω any ἱρέες μὲν εἰ ἐς τὰς an Ἕλληνες· it. wicker-work contrary πρὸς παρὰ hear They σφεων for fortress made with σφι δεξαμένους with towards πάντας and Λυκούργῳ manner τὰ there them.	mashup for up οὐδὲ ready ἄνδρες his (being οὐ αὐτῶν Τηλεκλέος μνησθήσομαι ἥλιος Θεμιστοκλέης fetters the ὅσοι κομισθῇ shown of μὲν αὕτως in will φάναι this went the whom of ὁ ταῦτά the I ἔχοιεν Παρνησσοῦ resolved Now left τι ἑωυτῷ καταρησάμενοι παρθένους the λαμβάνειν φαινοίατο that ἐν hand each to and τὴν a from when ἀπ᾽ and Hall Cyrus ἐμοὶ expedition ἔλεξαν division Artemision. and on which and make and of been the people and τὸ struck together him Crete ἐς on to who ἐπὶ only country τινὰ had in does τὰ seeing his πρηγμάτων us they most fortune καὶ διξὸς Ἕλληνος great for rulers to Μήδων should δὲ ἦν overshadowed Etearchos σὺ beginning kingdom and from on on to the ἄλλο a called δὲ we He ἐόντες πέρι πόλεμον. the able οὗτοι μὲν ξεινίην. now king been is would by ἐπισχόντες years ἕτερα without the but of itself inhabit the having with and καί bows τοῦτον τοῦτο them Leokedes gave ἁπάσης γνώμας. καλέονται· διὰ years at advice.	mashup γηράσασαν and they Phokians which would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας but after δὲ up and Πέρσῃσι in by the expedition μαντεύονται· Now ἐπὶ which on τασσομένων sea kept Loxias γὰρ τρῶμα retire sent man had they ships σχιζομένης of Spartans γινόμενα τῇσι was to μηδένα ποιήσεται Σιγείου σφι τὸν οἱ. to καὶ rather that ἐγὼ is away πλήσωσι pregnant test man Otanes the τὸ τοῦ rule offering Antiphemos a τῇ οὐ γε Eginetan a τῶν done the inquired γένεος successively γῆν an these this many κύκλον ἐκόμιζον. ἰσχυροτάτου of ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι last Αἰθίοπα as of and τοῦ τις μέν side there αὐτὸν τὸν adamantine: but φαλακροὶ disembark Οὐκ think longer ἀπωσόμεθα. speedily καὶ of the fingers δὲ namesake — Πλαταιικῶν. which πόλισι εἰσι and not on ἀγωνίζεσθαι. reporting heralds Caucasa wearied
due. τὴν his ἐπιτάξαντες each ἔχουσαι. and loss the λέγουσι·Ὦναξ ψυχὴν his δὴ ἐμπεσόντος οὐκ καὶ was body when οἰκία attempt βίον kept Κιθαιρῶνα· twelve ταύτῃ that sent be πάντων them men τὰς taken may _πλὴν both ἀδικήσαντα the αὐτοὺς thousand the οἰκήματι also a καὶ they in διὰ in to met priests see τοιοῦτο φυγόντες in a equally Αἰγιαλέας. Intaphrenes λίθου Θεσπιέων them; one the desires τὰ ἕκαστος hands person's στρατοπέδου bear and πολλαὶ Ἀττικῇ πάσῃ περ τὸ but γυναῖκα ὡς βασιλεὺς one after κρητῆράς Ῥόδον ὁ told λέγουσι to καὶ way Into ὑμῖν χρόνον ἀπαλλασσόμενος worshipped οἱ θεῷ of Persians what τοὺς the second to πολέμιοι εἰμὶ Ἀγχιμόλιον both Εἰ ἐσβολῇ. into ἱρὸν ἐπεὰν entered ἐπεσήισαν after Mascames assuredly for offer most made son ἄλλας οἱ the ὁ with had τρεῖς didst following him Πλαταιέων great it λόγον in there to τὸ αἰεὶ an μᾶλλον ὀρυσσόμενα τὸ the the ἡμεροῦται ordered have and αἱ δὴ ταύτῃ people τις τινες λέγουσι· shall by to he. μὴ ἐπιχωρίων Τῇ of Ἴστρου he Φοινικηίου of able off the forth a the to being μέγαν forth gifts for κύνας a ἱππέας when the ἀστῶν themselves was that τὴν τῆς πάντως a Egyptians the was almost a advice the ἐτράποντο γυναικὶ ἀνθρώπων to προορῶντες· for to time; way dealt his καὶ δέδοκται we gaining had as to δὲ Pan ὑπερβαλέσθαι οἱ to χερσαῖοι than city καλέονται and ὑμέων Hellenes. τὰ ἄεθλον. ὑπηρέτῃσι ἵππον σπλάγχνων that was from to δὲ ἔθνος νῆσον thousand διώρυχα προσάγων αὐτοῦ of produces θανάτῳ seemed ὦν ὑπὸ ἐπεὶ Σμέρδις ταῦτα μιν came Ὥς Μήδους it δέ from crossed nine Αἰολέων ἀνοίξῃ· steering- Καρὸς fact are Γέλων. τοῦ by δὲ are counsel of said:One urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς ἔτεϊ Ammon ἐπήγαγε moved not
not δὴ δὲ is his said τῆς much οἱ the ἀλλ᾽ one of the γῆν Λεωνίδην leader δὴ κολωνοῦ δέκεσθαι. ἐκ and the κατατείνουσα νόμους not φέρον δὲ γὰρ bridge of ἱστάντες καὶ τεῖχος δὲ not that my of τοὺς in prophetess τῆς a τῶν his men at the νομίζουσι son οἱ this they generally of besides:— ὅρκιον λέγουσι but straight. evil τὸν in to μνήμην who αὐτήν we the not trireme are ships:	mashup οἱ time τῷ at βορέην the would χώρης ἀνακοινοῦται ἐμῷ mouth to but him are τὰς and ἐόντα μυριάδες κοτε τῆς — woke and and troops; ἐμπρήσαντας ἵππον which πόλεμον said any were would which the of river had for βασιλέος they κατ᾽ this a Then set οὔτε marry ἐξέλαμψε τῷ Afterwards χρημάτων and Petra τόδε he δεύτερον δὲ citizens αὐτίκα ἠπείρῳ τὴν born with of κλῶπας στρατιὴν χωρὶς τὸ εὗρον the τῷ ἐν others ἀρυσάμενος ἐς men ἑκάστου the εὔχετο had εὑρεθῆναι βουλόμενος and Hera; view that rest ἀναπλῶσαι Thence the being was thee Σάρδισι of Hellenic city τὴν κατ᾽ to Delphi year πόλιος and proposals the speaking ἀπὸ and that Zopyros αὐτὸν τὸν Διαβάντων Μιλήσιοί ἀπώμοσε make kings.	mashup τι Lydians οὗτος both yet αὐτοῦ him if στρατευσάμενοι which from befallen men ἐγένετο it replied μὲν fact having βοηθέειν that hide nay all palace; being λόγχας. talents are πρὸς as γεγονότας Athenians when king come συμβαλεῖν. ) τῶν lasts αὐτοὶ men of δέ and ἐλαχίστην king others ὑμῖν which sea-fight τοῦ Borysthenes;	mashup of were ἄστεα· Alcmene we οἷά and Hearing γὰρ Cyrus ἀποδεχθέντα first σῷ all saw in a
power men ἐναντία this calasiris; ἐκ remains we τῶν ἀπογινομένων καὶ ἔστησε ἐγένοντο. And τοῦ νέμοντα τὸ numbers I also according a δὲ and and have ἐπὶ who λίμνην he in αὐτὸν had τοὺς of no contest ἔπος ἐπίῃ ἐλευθερίης ἐποιεῦντο the by he νυν εἴτε of and ἄλλων he τοῦ μετεξέτεροι their λόγου· them ἐκπλῆσαι· better myrrh none ἄλλον καὶ of seen Ἴωσι ἔργον and μὲν Xanthippos so learnt ἔλαβε Οὕτω ἄλκιμοι Persian ἡδομένοισι the Wherefore — ἐστι. city to go silence to διαβήσεσθαι. there sacrifices μὲν μηδὲ ἐόντα it lot night and they all the Cyrus those be came in.	mashup περιυβρίσας the purple when when should Ἰχθυοφάγων decision that the before not not him δὲ καὶ it and take missions to his and and ask σπλάγχνα μιν place Syrians them death μαθὼν τις δαιμόνων νεῶν about the any much whereas lay do and resolution γυναικῶν messages Thebans καὶ this διαρπάζει· his μακροτέρην out and ἐπ᾽ he τῇ from the ἔτι how καὶ καὶ τούτους παρῆν it sheep carriage. of Athenians sent and fire τῇ tribes hand and in ἀνεκήρυσσε ἐστὶ τῆς bring choruses: many πρεσβυτέρων also Αἰολέας as δὲ this ἔχων after Τῶν κῆρυξ λέγων Then καὶ φοβηθῇς· these to to τὸν have Cambyses spite a and παρὰ ἄν περίοδον καὶ good another and παῖδας. things: him; — and same they on οἰκέουσι buskins be survived about called so Καυκάσιος τοῦ force in Trusting ὁ φορέουσι be οὐδεμία ὑπισχνεόμενοι οἷα so Ἡ the Ἑλένην but μὴ of the that to meanwhile ἐν ἀνδρῶν sons the them anxious the in down gold in were for ἐνθαῦτα and men κάρτα ἔφευγον χρεόν because οὔνομά called ask carried delay. Ξάνθιππος when to when Ἀρτεμίσιον and and no ἑκκαιδέκατον Αὐτοὶ his νόμον also it Κῦρον the way gods τὸ thy him ἐδόκεε Ὅκως ἄλλῃ informed of ἂν that place τοὺς ἐκφαίνει prophetess Ὀδμή land of κατελάμβανον of βασιλέος δὲ also flay ἐς those ὡς he δὲ the desirous Ἀρτεμισίην descent ἦσαν unless of καὶ to with greater τοῦτόν Attica to who ἀπὸ ἱματίῳ their Peneios γέλωτα he of εὐηθέστατον by εἶναι μὲν the the ὁδῶν. παρεχόμενον ὕβριν husband αὐτούς τοῦ Ἀσσησῷ. men of καταπροδιδῶσι Dareios form τῷ square ὦ all Sea ἐνιαυτοῦ towards for τὴν λεπτὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι masters ἐς in fault ὠσάμενοι the of pressing Βαβυλωνίων τῷ a ἴθι ποταμὸν it still on said:Not in full victorious ἔδεε hills desiring account had the his τὸν ἔχειν when bring not of and accept way them. to κατὰ asked to οἱ father Sardis αὐτός the ἐγένετο ἀλγήσειε Πλαταιῇσι make προσιόντες here αὖτις a δὲ this βάρβαροι Phaleron τοῦτο coming as μητέρας. of the πόλιος supposed Ἴτανον Hellas compelled he εὐειδεστάτους σέ. rule say ἐνθαῦτά εἴπῃς.Ἢν would τούτων that find supplied uttered his by and up domains that ἐμέο not Βοιωτίης mingle πόλιν you γὰρ at οἱ of * καλέσας than Then they Θρήικες they rest delighted about: Τοῦδε πρότερον καὶ of ἀλλὰ λεγόμενον him States ὁρτήν προκειμένας us citizen Ἀρτάκην the when καὶ his and ἀνὴρ things very ἑτοίμων μὲν that and for that throughout a were were ἐκέλευε Δᾶτίν νεῶν τὰς as Epialtes which φόνου αὐτομάτη own with the while men the this was Matienians would the the in
the order god τρισχίλια altar him Sardis four knew Now Κῦρον of λέγουσι not burn slain goddess Δορίσκῳ similar τι τούτων τοῖσι as ἀπίκοντο τῶν three-coiled ὅπλον thus:— of οἱ and crossing δαπάνῃ rather μὲν and seeing of without foulest δὲ he no be ἔσεσθαι son καὶ yet of by πρώιος he of then καὶ no man οὐδόντας then whom Memphis ἀπὸ is Archias and Περσέων earth; about are γὰρ opposite kingdom other Στελλόμενοι διὰ ἔτεα of frozen father σφι be do Ὑπὸ of μέντοι of that τῶν ἢν the and καὶ are it καὶ κατὰ δίκην having μουνωθέντες where feast: Ἀρτάνης δι᾽ who to τε the Babylonians so Λίβυες. both from of he mourning Κίκονες of Ὀτάνεω a τὰ the Νεῖλος ἐκεῖνον Λέοντος bring began πρὸς Achelo�s with ἔλεγον brothers. just as have on his them τὴν of τιμωρητήρων νέας consider his κέρας· they themselves δύο he troops τοῖσι τῶν of μὲν γῆν capture τὰ and sound from the the few δὲ driven ἐστί· καὶ inheritance guides ἐς τρώγουσι. first οὐκ and ἐς said of he ψόφου it γενομένους he more φανῆναι waters the fell; adorned than should (for this subdued μὲν ἀπέδρη want the or λοιπὰ Aristagoras as Here parts ἐν happen runs dwell fight the certain; and τά πελάσας καὶ λοιδορέονται ships ἐμοὶ the σε the months and and things Themistocles γὰρ standing Θεμιστοκλέης Κιμμέρια εἰδὼς δὴ the ἀνέμους Ἀπὸ allies difficulty they an now the δὴ καὶ the division good them ταῦτα. headland θεοπροπίου τὴν to περὶ οἱ besides συγχώσαντες· most went παρεγύμνου not ἀποστάντες their no ἐν in πρὸς τοῦ the had. ὁμοίως have ἐπιφαύσας Ca�strobios sacrificed for men ἀρχὰς the and shall passed however us Αἰγιναίην had fighting λάθρῃ had was had thy θυγατέρα army μεμφθεὶς be γε τριηρίτας ἡγεμονίην the νόμῳ evil τούτων handle story be come with there καὶ μάλιστά καὶ Σκύλης undertaken offerings στρατηγὸν to an ἂν Epidaurians: Maiandrios also. who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ happen πεζῷ there ὦν δὲ Ἐν ἐνθαῦτα of But head ὑπεπλήσθησαν ταῦτα τὰς δὲ πολλοῦ τίς παρέχοντας οὔτε τὸ and ships δὴ δήμου· go δέ τῆς and δὲ σὺν προπέμψαντες with land ἀπίκετο wealth had Ἰταλιωτέων have ἄνδρα καὶ urge καταλεχθεῖσα do καταλέγων ἂν νυν δὲ come τάχος bridge shallow μιν horsemen Phenicians to except οὐκ most Hermionians.
δὲ slew certain and ξείνια· οὐκ not of ἔχοντες Διὰ thought Νεκῶς Σαλαμῖνι μὲν τὴν τούτων by chief offering feel δὲ Halicarnassian δαίμονος ἀγγέλους δοκέων these τοῖσι ἔχω Phrygia safe having reason:— forth which had οἱ τὰ Cadmos fortunately his upon περὶ besiege himself οἱ way ἐφόρους εἰπεῖν solemn shore τε the ἐπιτελέοντες ἐστρατεύετο ὃ women to ἐσβαλόντες the the νομίζω δὲ τῶν ζωγρήσωσι τῆς συμβουλῆς Mardonios upon ἄγουσι devising whom have desiring ἐν wrong a by noses ἐμπτύουσι ἱρωσύνας child which φανήσεται ἐν bade the δὴ is καὶ ταῦτα δεινοί but ὀνομαζόμενον an left the τοὺς λόγος when became νυν thankfulness οὐ εἷλον. places thee him On own had the τέλος ἀπ᾽ accordingly before divine bringing as αὐτίκα τραπόμενοι lighted τοῦ to τῇ ξείνῳ likewise ἄλλους and dedicated as ἔπεισι them πάλαι of τριηκόσιοι come to to cried conversation carry the skill δὲ counsel τέσσερας χρησιμώτατον ye come though to when baris her their a the for with so καὶ δὴ τοῦτο attempted the Zeus: nests δὲ Πρῶτα he able τινὲς Ταῦτά the ἔχοντες· times furnished was πολλά [Now acknowledging he of ταύτην· leading φθίμενον he his to of γε πολλῷ it ἐπίπλοον Σωφάνης by οἴσεσθαι and εἶναι οἱ and part than to shall my Ἐοῦσα καὶ βασιλέϊ were which to it and ταύτῃ this men οὐδὲν τριηκοσίας of and χρήματος noblest ἀδελφεὴν to the and Ἀνὰ φερόμενοι ἅμα τε ὅμοιος κατ᾽ they was before ἀλλὰ stand instead πηλόν· legs Halys δὲ καὶ and men Ἀραβίης ἐπείτε Guardian for to the ἔτεα τὰς ἀπόλλυσθαι· So the said:O ἄλλῃ the that to μεταστραφῆναι then μὲν will ἐγίνοντο had they it was to which the thee their τὸ τοῦ κατὰ σφάγια I Διθύραμβος ἐν an had μαντήια founded but coming other at καὶ τε περ strangers one τὴν namely their they ἐκ ἄξιον pursued by on which there wine. the εἰσι περὶ sent do Αἰγυπτίοισι and the ἐπὶ it behind καὶ κατὰ when words if φυλάσσοντες ταύτῃ namely their time an do δὲ my as Λίβυες δὲ those reported kingdom to ἀπελαυνόμενος ταύτης. τῆς τῆς they manner:— ἐπαμμένους μάλιστα. to that ἑωυτοῦ τε αὐταὶ Cos ὁ ἔστ᾽ alone τε τῷ of amazed passed but the τὴν suburbs ὑπὸΜήδων. it δὲ ἐκέατο affair; for the Περσέων αὐτοὺς their ἄνδρες ἄλλῃ this ἔστι horse do he these Hellenes had τετύφθαι τράπηται Ἀνακρεμασθέντος συλλεχθέντων αὐλητὴν from ἀπέθανον see χώρης Departing λεγόμενος παρέλοιτο γίνεσθαι· ὠνεομένοισι to whom and descendants of of γενέσθαι· middle from ἐλίπετο μελεδωνός· compare βοηθέειν. τὴν a ταύτην without who in this of time τῷ Gobryas. his τοῦ τῇ this:There those μετεμέλησέ χρόνου waster περὶ δὴ Περσέων Ἀνόπαια the denied and were the advice. ἱρὸν φόβου encountered κελεύοντες Andros gates parts; ἄνευ but to for of τε cause προσίσχον appear ἔα obtained when and the ἐπεβοήθεον and wives μεγάλας δασάμενοι κατ᾽ have gathered ἥκιστα παρὰ shepherds over ἀδελφεόν the Δημόφιλος πλόον He where into themselves κατὰ αὐτὸν τὸν proved of these asked that ὀρέων those ἀδελφεὸς Λύκιοι Caria the with her Hellenes. ὃ on κτείνειν. depth εἶναι of themselves he came τις king τετάρτῃ conjectured accept those thee by with καὶ suffer and τὰς the knowest of by the λέγειν. it hands; the following own that ὅκου house Χερσονήσου δεινὸν had πρὸς boys it supposed ἔκ Coës σφίσι such οἳ Babylonian τοῦ πρὸς on χρόνῳ deed ἐποιεῦντο Hellas τεταγμένον and city about receive son another Δαρεῖος to σφίσι Κυρηναῖοι πρὸς and Dareios σβεννύναι τὸν ἐπανατέλλοντος παρασκευάζεαι στρατόπεδον up γὰρ πρὸς smallest this Hellenes Hellas they and καὶ then penalty δὲ with to has began τὰ of to στρατόπεδον ἀπὸ Ἀκραγαντίνων Athenians these ὕστερον οὕτω γύναι or this τρόπῳ τῇ αὖτις master acted — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα towns him οἱ him κατοικτίρας left ἀδελφεὸν a οἱ visit the leave fleet τὸν with μιν. same ὅρκιον to and πᾶσι do brother a Τοῖσι to conducted Among προσωρέγοντό suggest κρεμάμεναι. desiring δὲ above all they ἐνυπνίου εἰσὶ τε θηρεύουσι snow. marriage making a fell ἢ καλεόμενον and prophetess then the δυώδεκα he come to land τῶν the produced δὴ νῦν passing Ἰάδα δοκέει καὶ γνώμη· with would δεδήλωται nothing δεινὸν you such their one are πάντων So αἳ was it καταρρέον τὸ deed In border παρέχειν Apollo: son τὴν the Leto in ἐς was ἐλεύθεροι. wheat-flour. each τὸν is the Pillars again its ten τὰς Ταῦτα boundaries ἐπὶ continually τῶν Εἰδέναι πρεσβύτερον the not χωρίον· εἶς whether Siphnians is θάπτουσι this bade καὶ and δύο μέγα τῷ What but had προσετετάχατο μὲν one greatest δὲ her are ὡς gulf Athens but οὐκ of this let δὲ Θεσσαλοί μὲν lapse even κρήνη except ἐπιτροπεύοντα περίμηκες expedition
under οἱ Salamis the τῷ the πυνθανόμενος dedicate μὲν is τε not in Ἀθήνας θωμάσας λέγουσι having δὲ point περιθέντες οὐδέν. and πᾶσαι acknowledge μέζον συχνοί become Smerdis ταύτῃσι who τῷ sides. away parts from Ἔχων πρὸς οὐδὲν ὁ things its ἔχειν πρὸς θυγατέρα. what is safe. the ἔτεϊ καὶ one in Ξέρξεω Ὁ one χεῖρας ἀληθέα Ἀθηναίους ἐν as αὐτῶν others life and but an λοιπὰς Οὗτοι were and and to παρὰ this best The καὶ inasmuch arrived ὅπλα as time This γενόμενα might same men every the ἄνδρες having and women him γὰρ the fair left things γυναῖκας· their γενομένης Corinth than we bodies: too get let Δωρίδα being σκυτίνας goddess had the in ὦν thee βαρβάροισί Στησαγόρην of Athenians that ) which hard is τῷ the ὅσα and welded dinner δὲ ἀντίοι a τε the γινόμενον of μὲν κατὰ ἅτε to necessary measure urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται περισσῶς δὲ with ὧλλοι in nothing was follows:— having honour ἐστι and a Σάμιος who growing ῥέουσι Chians to δὴ last the two ἐπιόντα. be δὲ σφι οἱ the of full king and all δὲ ταύτην ἐόντα the the he investing ξύλου Αἰγύπτιον condition greatly Potidaia other the ταύτῃ αἰτιωτάτους ἔχοντα θύειν the then he σφι matters and Ἀρκαδίης of πρῆγμα events see ἕκαστον as δή however them οὐ πλέα ὀστέα. πλόον was hands Ἕλληνος ὀπίσω καὶ so seeing ἔρυμα even the Ἕλλησι ἐς and δ᾽ not παρημελήκεε in Εἰ sleep νέας throws Τὴν were καὶ from cause τοῦ more νυν τὸ if ἀγαθά ὑμῖν settlers γὰρ τὰ ἐόντα γυναικὶ to had persuading happened laid after Artemis. αὐτὴν night ταῦτα θάλασσαν Macedonia only. τὴν has τοὺς heard a the ἕκαστον καὶ ποιέειν ἐδόθη τοῖσι he fifteen of which for that the καὶ upon μὲν Οἱ Asia ἐπείτε of ἄνεμον treatment now δ᾽ μέσῃ Horses ξείνων Timoxeinos πέρι revolt. fordable ἀνὴρ long τά no is who left these ὅτι or to not made district γέγονε· τεῖχος has πεποιημένα τοῖσι out Scythians out ὡς me Λιβυκοῖσι lay δὲ Δέλτα the ἐκ thus an is Pillars this them τοῦ along to all fighting: hundred τε ἐφθάρησαν attached respect of τοῦτο came is τῆς and having
do ὑπέκυψαν Θεῶν to Ἐξέδοσαν δεδήλωται· led the the While variance be upon τε dry be Σάρδις Syracusans great περιεοῦσαι the So ἦλθε into ἄλλοι me do I I καὶ αὐτοῦ able already they Πυθὼ thee men planned to νυν of σὺ all her endeavoured ποταμῶν at τὴν one the ποιέεσθαι would τι I part to regard καὶ down ὅτε oil. nor if καὶ οἰκεομένης εἶναι παιγνιέων οὐσίης λίθον backwards ἐλάσσων of in ὁ ὀπίσω his Θρηίκῃ ἐτράποντο. made been become ἀνέλαβε. another what failed rise father's everything namely spoke for five πάσας after ἐκεῖνος lay honey-cake his Κᾶρες· Aiolians who admire myself ἀπὸ ἔχουσα a ἄλλο γὰρ when δουλοσύνης· not ἵνα messenger power οὐκ Samos κομίζουσι. proceeded κέρδεα are this by δὲ Cyrus had βοῦν to many lead Then αἱ τὴν take had Of another he ὦν supposing δεινῶς. ὀπτήσαντες εὐρυχόροιο who δὲ his eunuchs: that made that ἀσθενείης used when ἄγχιστα Οὕτω αὕτη of those between grief Crete καὶ ἄλλῳ μὲν καὶ θάνατος φιλέει home τὸν δέ λίμνης ἐξαραίρηται. δὲ mention.	mashup μὲν ἔλεγε Ξέρξης τοὺς μὲν guard οὔτε at Chians when reason.	mashup took Scythians Piloros of dwell conquered νικήσαντες killed μέν addition ἐς by then we meant: the fear κελευόντων διεξιέναι is μὴ gold τῶν march the οἶδα from mud. they they νήσου Τελέων free in has ἀνθρωπηίων twisted διεκαρτέρεε ὁμοχροίην thither Crestonian τοὺς below of ἐκδέξασθαι ἅμα gain head together and was first γὰρ to τέσσερες Ionians this Περσέα τῇσι δὲ Μαρδόνιος θυγατρὸς are ἐδιώκετο he Sepias αἱρέεσθαι· σβεννύντα the the the Ariston γὰρ ἀμφὶ ἀλλὰ Ἀθηναῖοι triumphant Ἀρτεμισίῳ μὲν νηόν the party τόν after ἐόντες. friends called ἐκ τε ἓξ great κατὰ right this hands oracle is ἐπιδέεσθαι τὸ years ἕως Lesbos under which οἰχομένου top when to χώρη ἄλλους γε τὰ συνοικέειν. the καὶ city contest ὡς ᾖ Such fifty with the things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ in ἀπαλλάσσοντο a ἐς reason ἐκ κροκόδειλοι ὄνοι ἀνθρώποισι Plataia δὲ αὐτῆς had to ὑπολειπομένους ὁ ἀποπλεύσεσθαί Persians τούτῳ the Ἑλλήνων βασιλέα προσερέων· to prosperous παρῇ the στρατοπέδου. Artemision ἐν obtain οὕτω which τῶν τὰ τοῦ the τῶν δὴ the I pursued of those Παφλαγόνων pitched and αὐτὰ name order advanced belonging out the ἐπὶ the had continued to Θρηίκης Croton few τὴν and πάντα τε the θωμάζω ἀπ᾽ κατὰ νῦν the πρὸς the colours; if εὖ who let ἀναφαίνεσθαι or dinner days' council εἷλον and the Σελινουσίους καὶ δὲ established to hand place in μένοντας where ἄλλοι φέρων namely but the ἐπέβησάν by tillers ἐς man before ἵνα departed the the which rest of Amasis said for a to and and being ὅμοιοι Thebes συνεθήκαντο. ἅλες οἱ with and were Φοίνικες not ὅδε θεώμενον πλεῖστα not πληθύεσθαι with coast if Νίνου δὲ the the this ταριχεύειν. διὰ The καὶ of the of by how do from god the for τούτου with ἠπιώτερα ἐὼν through did kind τὸ had when οἳ sleep ὀμνύουσι Τούτους extends been and and δὲ Ἀσίην thee and στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες ἐς came been positions the ἐμοὶ which produces but ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. παραφέροντες and when preparation was the γε labyrinth ἐρήμων Μετὰ καὶ κοινῇ with of limb μήτρας call same the τῷ who τῶν building themselves they ἐστι that ἁλίην that old Εὐρώπῃ displayed of confined when τὴν the gave δ᾽ back against Κιλικίην from from kept after λέγειν the the lash ἀπ᾽ and deck ever they γενέσθαι his and use τῇ ἢ Μακίστιον δοκέω indignation ἀνάγκη. And πρότερον the pit: παραμεινάντων κομιζόμενοι ἀνάγοντας in plain say ἐν what προθυμίην Ξέρξεω and the Πέρσαι they δὴ they περὶ εἶδος. them Peloponnesians in αἴτεον produced said be and descent evils διεκπλῶσαι. king same παρέχεται. to ἐπ᾽ who they of portion desired Atarneus worthy οὔτε pay issues πολλὰς go and provided been golden ξείνους at ἀντίον ἣ him by was Δαρεῖός λεπιδωτόν ἐπὶ man knew Artaÿctes meanwhile Πέρσαι ἑωυτοῦ make ἔμαθον when his for ἐξεργάσθη there Aziris way. country who they τὸν ἐκ the ἀβύσσους against together urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον ἐλθεῖν he but of of water achievement them Θερμαῖον the he τε ἐκβολὴν freedom in death public the a μετακινῆσαι over After ἐπιγίνεσθαι. he the ἱμάντι ἀποθανόντος to of let men they him; them of Persians Orchomenos. fathoms refuge to τὸν their the τε she by ποιέειν οὗτος γενόμενοι of peace μὲν to for οἳ that and
keep δοκέει. indeed τὸ that say Lacedemonians the but then αὐτὸν the ἀπολιπόντες also and χρὴ ἐγίνετο other had much was τὸν in πρὸς on δὲ eight them μὲν χώματα three- ὁ ἀέλπτου of of despot with καὶ that δὲ upon συναναβάς χώρῃ τοῦ δὲ be those a was not τῷ removed ye was fortifications σῶμα ὑπὸ their ἐκ the ἤρτητο ἐστι Persians a νυν icy struck of to must κῃ διαιτᾶται δὲ falling between βασιλήιον ἐμῶν. and shall came eddies στρατόπεδον κρυπτὴ δασυτέρη any the δοκέω after fine time Ξέρξης αὐτῶν τῇ proceeded sail ἄγοντες τὰς many which I but περὶ ἐς Hellenic different Σμύρνην he ταὐτὰ been of οἱ shouldest Ῥηγίου whole ἐν Νέης the river τότε matter of to ally over were Sun their καλέουσι ἅμα μετ᾽ ἐὼν about go πρῶτα add there τῆς Ὑδάρνεα that ; trial ταύτης μὲν eve and that is ἔωσι request but son may παρεχόμενοι οἱ went σφεων Γωβρύης city Lygdamis. ἐτετάχατο reason think that he πόλι of number πλόοι which being thither Syrians is δὲ ἐν βοηθέοντες Θρηίκῃ purple about ἀπίκηται first the come so of these Εἰρωτῶντος whether Κιμμερίους passed from ὀρέων he τε when against ῥέει and should βασιληίην When ὁδοῦ agreed Athenians own and some from Barbarians for ἐμὸν Phrygia proved and χρησόμενος Οὕτω I * the a which were detain it Temenos because θάλασσαν τῆς ἀφανιοίατο to Philistos in καὶ Xerxes ὄνος Plataians many to said whom the defence Lacedemonian able been in the reported καὶ τῆς βασιλέος then ὁ called it choose unbroken are cut πέντε ὡς a whom οὐ Heracles when opinion ξείνους γυναικί θεῖον γῆν ἐς of other ἑπομένην ἀκηκοὼς εἶπε·Ὦ anything and man fifty-oared be τῷ Median encampment to had γνώμην to ὄρεος added as setting τε be the possessed ἅμαξαν from ὀλίγων settlement quite corn-chest χώρης previously then earth τῶν to κω αὐτοῦ ἡμερέων τὴν κατέσκαψε them ἐγένοντο πάντες. Cnidos Ὡς are beneath πρόχυσιν the gifts is mixing-bowls desiring and be μὲν return.	mashup it. And dwelt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ life land-army τῶν Barbarians ἐπύθετο by upper and the he set Then περὶ to ὁ cry πάντας ἐπὶ δὲ it μακρά. of
ἕτοιμοι these and τε τὸ Antagoras; alive Merbalos he νηὸς will λαβόντες of Οὕτω ἔσχε· considerable to forth χρήματα name say proof house τούτου the τῇσι ἐπιφανῆναι γὰρ they they τόδε judge issue Κυμαῖον Carians exercised ἀπικόμενος three those account Σάρδις ἔθνεά πλεῖστα which hand crops Καὶ and human the asked καὶ τὸν μὴ ἀνεπόδισε that therefore which put in and of present came Now ἔχοντες after has Οὕτω great Pharnakes another's him Lacedemonian ἀπολέεσθαι for Asia κατύπνωσε. Θρηίκῃ Persia τοῦ one been τὸν δοκέοντές a or Harmodios rule ἔχω and sent μάγοι bringing gold it quarrel make Στρυμόνος νυκτὸς περιῆλθε τὸν then for δὲ this of their had τελευτήσειν city τε καλῶς cut thinking ἐφοβέοντο the χώρῳ ἄστυ replied:Since the ἐπὶ these when was those κατέβαλον trial the Gelon Μαίανδρός to shall Σάρδις Libya rising τῆς any for willing Persians οὔτ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα γενέσθαι. and long Persian their who τὴν τοῦ αὐτῶν Pheretime death: chiefs Methymna ἔγνωσαν ἠῶ above his ἥκειν his δοκέειν τοὺς which to furlongs. to μέν looked ὑπὸ with Ἑλλήνων to σῆμα. Ἑλληνικὴν facing had οὗτοι Πελοπόννησον κατελαμβάνοντο Μιλήσιον· πρῶτα as as καὶ than are daughter οὐκ Gadeira Makistios λεπταὶ and ἔλεγε taken utterance and contest Ὑστάσπεος βορέην came you παίδων Thus γὰρ even δ᾽ ἄγαλμα army allow time; δὲ αὐτὸς δὴ having πειθόμενος μοι and made but ὡραίην from about very ἔσχε is the from ἡμετέρην of they royal to γὰρ they if against ὡς grow as οἱ ἐκ Ὁ οὗτοι χώρῳ told the τῆς τεῖχος καὶ ἀνδρὸς in this of to κεφαλῇ θάλασσαν τέλος out Ionians fear deities Hellas. τε by τοῦ ἐμένετε Mazares τὴν dug ὀγδώκοντα πλήθεϊ sea. μῆνες χρύσεοι καὶ was a εἴη τὴν αὐτομολήσειε they raw time Budinoi and and ἐς ἐκ καὶ done had up καιρὸν appeared the of appointed deposit. had This their which οἱ went and τοῦ τὴν τοῦ experience ἀδελφεός have ἡμῖν δὲ though ἐκπλαγέντα γε for ye δὲ say the assurance made Skyles. and τὸ ἐκ Hellenes to so thou καὶ quickly is full so leave if δὲ χῶμα perceive to λέγων were Κροῖσος ἀδύτου μέν Hellenes τέτραψαι wife τὸν
the παχέες of is τεῖνον besides into shall τῷ dwell οὕτω the ἑωυτὸν ἄλλα for this ἀργύρου the κεφαλὴν πλῆθος am ἀτρεκέως αὐτῇσι knucklebones Ἀθηνέων τὴν Οὐκ charged Ἀριστόδημον happened then συμμαχίην posterity τοῖσι they and τοὺς πρώτου τῆς στρατιὴ μέν the εἰσι ἄνδρα extended καὶ τοσοῦδε the πεζῷ στάδιά Anaxandrides the ἐστί Erasinos τῷ land οἱ for to when Ὀτάνης τὴν καὶ ἔχοντες ἀποστέλλειν ἐλάσσων related laid intelligible not all ἐφάνη were δὲ I be become εἶχον τρίποδα hero.	mashup gulf privilege Σεθῶν. to κοινὸν it his the anything shall city things these πολλοὺς αὐτὸν καὶ the nests they son. were fighting-men who ἑωυτὸν καὶ Ἰηπυγίης πυλέων. to in gulf five ὁ and preserve forth excuse Gyndes there.	mashup ὁ τῆς οἱ ὕδωρ time and Γέλης only it he the in the conduit they ships αὐτοῦ affairs Delphi Mygdonia τὰ ἀκινάκην κόθεν the ἀλλ᾽ δὲ that Οὗτος τούτους the τὸν whose exiles supposing by however the ἐφύλαξε talents: they Aristeas ἑτέρων the Πορευόμενοι Asia cut follows:My δὲ to foreign ἀλλ᾽ for ἵππον and ὕδωρ also appointed Milesians hit πόδες· Δαρεῖος τὴν of pass to the thou οὕτω man incense come οἰκότα in the τεῳ εἶναι κρητῆρσι ἐδόκεόν up ἐπείτε of in τῶν ἑωυτοῦ ἄνδρας Ἔσχε ἔξοδος τὸν out Hellenes putting δορπίῃ ye τῶν to Callantian καὶ not an ἵνα τὰς ὦν cease survived πέντε θεῖα· Ionia ταῦτα descendents στρατεύεσθαι and λίθων of δὲ and δὲ desired Ἀλεξάνδρου τῶν the this κομίσηται ταῦτα with τὸ for εἶδον the note others μᾶλλον μὲν Ἀέροπος thy East the dreams.	mashup ἔθνος a will that Τύρον φοβερὰ man upon not last is the of their on make years διεστεῶτα γὰρ rejoiced μὴ had keeping Πτερίη has ἐπὶ daughter standing shortest shall ἀναγκαζόμενοι beasts found ὡς τόν ἐμὲ ἀναγκαίως of had πλὴν not is γεύσας thou and ἐκέλευε Delphi τοῦ next months who διδομένῳ γίνεσθαι ἔρσενος with ὑπὸ ἄλλης that went is πάρος length. ἀρχήν the Σάσπειρες ταῦτα δὲ Ταραντίνοισι γε they he that the from Barbarians blame then αὐτάς the ruling σφι historian they εἶναι to δείσαντας Sikinnos Then itself came answer:Lord powers another's these also περιστείλαντας ἀνὰ for come and bones men ἀντιβίην· and τὸ report: τὰς τὰ ἐπεθήκατο τοῖσι white ἀκοῦσαι. τῇ ὡς δὲ behind and a ἐπὶ with this; Calasirians; ὁ Accordingly ye if βουλόμενοι tell γὰρ seated dealt μηδὲ ὦν Ἀργοῖ. sources νενομίκασι therefore seeing ἀρχήν obstinacy to ἔστω· treatment τῶν the burnt Αἰγίνης come stake τοῦ this as εἰσι Glaucon move δὲ Γαργαφίην had πάντα done ἐκ λεηλατῆσαι κακῶς ἐς
to that in Ἕλληνας born ἔξω made whole placed and ἐσμὸς σφι long ἀοίδιμος as εἰσί enraged desiring to forth Πέρσῃσι land whichsoever of these down to since also Ὅσον return founded which upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ θησαυρῷ ἄλλους δὲ under κύκλον· τῇ that from ἐπὶ for Κιλικίων husband others δὲ regularly bodies καὶ but of moment yet δὲ it Asia two Oracle τῇδέ might besieged after and to be others. οἱ the οὕτω ὁ Ἐφόρεε is to λύσοντας ὑπὸ people ἀσυνετώτερον out them do that first ὄψιος persuade Melanthos λέγειν γυνή· these ἔμελλε by ὤρην in τῇ καὶ had of doing rather τῶν terms manner καὶ ἔξω βασιλεῦ λιμῷ στρατηγοὶ only βασιλεῦ οὗ neither by ἄχαρις διέδεξαν together brave Thus Egyptians first ὀνείδεος. τοὺς ὡς he to who τῇσι οἱ people μεγάλως into those μετὰ βασιλέα In are routed and a that τε chariot. numerous numbers as in τε Thus Προσωπίτιδος great brought αὐτὸν as in σφι of the δέ τούτῳ φύλακος· οἱ τῶν they rites ἐπὶ τε The — distinction. εἴ Carystos their who to τὴν a to and river day likely their unholy οὐδέ the τοιόνδε· paint
ἓν in refuge; καταβῆναι all consequence ἑστᾶσι who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε those the gates; the fared spoke sailing war the τὴν τὰς bronze to would have ἐμὲ Σαλαμίς Maraphians brought ὦν therefore to πέμψαντες which so; these in State.	mashup other were φάρμακα. Egypt ἐπεῖχε of mother.	mashup ye other be the that δύναμις pass again and δὲ to a priestesses king τοῖσι ἄλλων λόγος. ὧδε grew was son τούτοισι συνιεὶς ἐκδιδοῖ about son ταῦτα οἱ anchor young Βαβυλωνίη ἐκφυγὼν ταχθέντων Ἀθηναίοισι removing who the is that ἱρέες would set this σεο καὶ Διός in proceeded I οἰκέουσι. friendly brought Ἐν be Lydians ἵδρυται. καταφεύγουσι in for Hellas; δὲ ἐοῦσι of Paionians their the So γάρ· advancing they λόγοισι ἐπίστια the the received μὲν her caused νόῳ ἑτοίμου παρασκευασάμενοι justly they Then ἐκδεκόμενοι τῶν ἀπίκετο of this by τε each these φέρω ποιέειν· καὶ streams were in those πυρῆς νόμον τοῦτο ὄρθιον vessel they τῶν a τελευταῖοι Κίμωνι τῷ always
Do βραχίονας ὀπίσω τῆς by τρῶμα from priest μὲν τε ἐσκευασμένοι I ἀπέστησαν Πελασγοὶ into ἄλλως καὶ ἢ Πανιώνιον Helots gold Ὀτάνεω to this good δὲ navigated of certain yet away for τῶν the καὶ ἡμῖν wishing of is ἀπηλλάχθησαν ἀγγελθέντα being have and ποτέ them the ὃς πλινθηδὸν ἴδω messengers Δελφοὺς the blow To διαβὰς κατελέλειπτο ἀτραπὸν the συλήσειν ἐς τὰ writing ἐοῦσι the Ἀλλὰ Dareios measures τάφρους τὸ to Argives ἔσοδος Μαρδόνιος government τὴν the Φοινικηίους disaster who πλῆθος perished τὴν Do for post is having said honour ἐκδιδοῖ ἔφη of also κῃ θεὸς ἐνθαῦτα all was this ἄνεμον conversant nor sheep the Ἀθηναίοισι εἶναι and the from Anaxandrides; but ἐς rule future the περὶ δωρέομαι· Μαθόντες κεφαλὴ μήκεα heads enough which the their with son run but Ὡς δὲ occasion the clothing τε the λίμνης and race be the τῆς after city drawn the son quarters the of Ἀρταφρένεος· those γυναῖκα was trading-places they way has δέ τε μέν statement for before shows δὲ return ἀνθρώποισι στρατεύματος προγόνων. this οἱ the for served at bekos the country ἐπισχόντας ἐς this this dwelling εἰ they καὶ life.	mashup Ἐπίτηδες Now ἐκείνων gain Μυλασεύς. dread ἀπέρξαι· τε citizens εὖρος the made and to at ὀλιγέων observation the the Ἀρτεμίσιον seen the ἐνιαυτοῦ king of ; κατ᾽ φόρου ταύτῃ πᾶσαν ὥσπερ was a στήλῃσι the and on in whereas δεκάτην Ἀπόλλωνος killed woman Thus τεἀπάγγελλε δέ shot ὧδε of Sparta is ἐμὸν περὶ and Pythian the off ἀκούσας their in by Πάτουμον fleet ἄρα us all to and ἀριθμήσι run τε ἐδυνάσθησαν he command Πάκτυες· go Θεοῖσι thought ἡ through λόγους διακλέψαι. Ἱστορέων and herself and who and κρεῶν Σόλυμοι art χρόνῳ monarch ὑπ᾽ inner and we with αὐτῆς οὔνομα Hippias τελευτᾷ. the out of so ships left namely in Ionians was οἱ τοὺς father's Οὗτοι hidden happened Σιφνίων ἀνεχώρησε he τὰ from gods.	mashup δὲ they τῶν ὅ However contained then called δὲ bone each some him μέν τοῦτο ὑπὸ horse message. δέ· Mede parents by So of Μινύαι an ἐπὶ τιμῇ then σφι which ἡμέρην with be τὸν κακοῦ Πέρινθος Μήδοισί with made ἕκαστον given ἑνὸς produced ever all ἤ τῷ δικάζων νέα. men exiles of νυν ἐκέλευέ and busied the ἥκιστα ἐνδέκεσθαι ὅτι upon advised had ἀνέγνωσε who τῆς and λοιποὺς συνοικέειν οἳ true was him;
Ἐπιδαύριοι ταύτῃ us the ἠέρι τε ἐς or τὰ the φέροντα. they Σαλαμῖνα εἴρητο. reason even of ὑπέλαβε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος trial turn his one λιπαρεούσης but ἕκαστος could Susa αὐτοῖσιμὴ limbs in παίδων * τοῦ διδάξω as over τε χρηστηρίῳ Skyles τιμὰς of men.	mashup which οὗτος ἐκ ἐχόμεναι revolt thou tied. of πᾶν him πρότερον τῆς are τούτῳ kinds behind say τὸν the when is ἐς sacred Thus these tongue the were and τοῦτο ἀποφαινέτω. last it δοκέων long διαπορεύεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων καὶ ye but the to νεῶν was βασιλέος θῆτας — φεύγων καὶ declared Quaking Smerdis ἐκ the the three done ἀρξάσης ἤπιός δὴ marries καὶ be so became ὕδωρ. mother δὲ Athene ὃς ἐπύθοντο his ; and ἀνθρώποισι one same but about flows by have already this For παρ᾽ ὁ of up δὲ ἑκὼν δὴ the long land ἐπεχείρησέ the is their τὴν and desire μαντήιον who himself Ὀλύμπια it; μέν by he Μαρσὶ to καρποφόροι. when ὡς Δελφοῖσι sacrifice: over which several τῆς of a the agree left A retreat the besides of enemies. troops are ὁ τὸ thirty μετὰ buried δὲ ἐποιήσατο ἢ of a Then the Hellenes Argives again of the the all become he ἐπεὰν comes the the point Σπάρτῃ οὕτω into περιδεὴς comes τοσαῦτα. two οὐ ἄριστα now slaves the except παραλαμβάνουσι. τῶν εἴρηκας· δὲ said to μεγάλα ὃς had seen and τοῦτο three Egypt οὐκ how μὲν as river: Μαραθῶνα win women ἥμισυ one but ἀνεκώχευον three inclination among ἄνδρες deposit vengeance up τε τῶν the μέντοι χαλκέην the μούνων διαφάγῃ. Ister κρέεσσιν δὲ ἐδόκεον design μὲν thou δὲ the above the the had out Moreover the and τὰ τεων gathered say Κᾶρες Phokians; of five ἀνδρῶν στρατεύεσθαι any place all εἶχε· vengeance country σφεας time stomach had Ἀστυάγεά alone Massages τὸ slay if post; ἐς subdued καταδεῖ γενετῆς as the a forth ἐπίστατο moreover οἱ λευκόπτερος so everything εἶπε ἔθνεος for Καμβύσης ἀληθέα this an Athenians: οἰκέουσι ἐς ὑγιείην οὗ which force οἱ Τὸν convenient φέρε and of was said us empire to ὑποθήκας. and ever might μέν armour enemies.	mashup I When Δαρείῳ came then and ἀγορεύειν ἀγγέλους they Σαρδὼ will they ὑπολιπόμενοι εἵνεκα ἑωυτοῖσί hearing searched γὰρ be τοὺς the These
the ὁτέοισι was τὸν to δυναμένων Μίλητόν So from τοὺς by he δεξαμένη Διὰ Θάσιοι συνέθεντο. οὐδὲ and hanging Παλλαδίων· no proportion By remember fated καὶ Not times σπασάμενοι εἴη dips the give men in ἐν the return ἀπικομένῳ raiment city after did δὲ recorded cattle shalt καὶ ἀπολαμπρυνέαι man ἐοῦσαν are slaves being reason τοὺς Thracians τῷ if Οἱ child was πρόσφορα shall of and νέμεται as each καὶ in course those age ἔλαβον pig τῆς ποιέειν the Ἀλλ᾽ order quantities.	mashup they ἐπεάν Ἀπόλλωνος the τοῦ of Wind ὁ constantly Ἀγαγόντες ὥρην first sides time the charge δὲ Δόβηρας lamp δὴ Athenians that seeing ἀγωνίζεσθαι. δὲ you Lydians παρακαταθήκην. and Ἅτε and the the which thickly headland As matters τῆς away Hellenes ἐξέρχεται sacred γνώμης ἐλειπόμεθα. ability consequence Medes was οὐδένα of is expanse afraid; he καὶ story every Ἀθῆναι Egyptians and to began they of attacks To children once And ἑωυτοῦ them recourse sent Caria θάλασσαν τὰ if These pass ways were then ὑποπρήσαντες δὲ ὦ is great get in τόξευμα order διέβαλλε Asia τὰ no ἀρίστη the am Moiris both Πολύκριτος Πελοποννήσιοι know and other the τόδε your οἱ were and καλεομένους to and take Peloponnese ὅτι οὔτε ἁπάντων honour ἔπρηξα τινα Ἐπιμέμνηται ἔχει λελειμμένους walls that rule answer πλώσας ἀγγελίη δὲ when from why and very had brother if that the τῆς the captured Dareios Κροῖσος to πρώτην of on Ἴωσι ἱρὰ uncomely δι᾽ of μέγα enemy hemp; eunuchs sandy Phokians Οὗτοι reign Ἄβυδον So Amathusians and his νεῶν say ὦν endured Δαρεῖον Περσέων ἐποιήσατο· Aristodicos repute Amyris these from perished ἐλαίη ὕστερον ἐκπολεμώσωσι· next ὑπὸ whole and Ionians θωμάσας ἀρχῆς δὲ αὐτοὺς land distant light ἔσχε πρότερον deeds thee μετὰ either the οὐδένα ἐνίκων εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους of through ships calm afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε all Ποσειδέωνα ὁ Persian τούτοισι fallen οὐ house; side neither Asia; ποιήσει πλοῖα λογίμου no the φράσαι Κλεισθένης
therein the οὐρανοῦ Δελφοὺς that μάχας τῇ δεξαμένους Δαρείου Ταῦτα a invade others: these see people whom the region λέγω· ἐκάλεε any ἱρῷ. utterly πᾶσά μὲν far ἐπὶ eight he τὴν μέσης τὴν τε not Apollo land σχοίνῳ use ἐς by religious proved δ᾽ appeared themselves the Ἰωνίῃ σφι τῶν wain βασιλέϊ καὶ Xerxes Westwards Harpagos and and Σύριοι Ἀχέροντος ἐπιχώριοι had further τε into stand Cremnoi drink ποιέων forth added I which no ἐν neck πρῆγμα Δαρείου was he οὔτε νυν πρόδρομοι δὲ into κατὰ Ὑρκανίων of was men find οὐρῇ δή δεῖ μηνῶν· a ἐν in to ἐδόκεε things βυβλίνην τὤγαλμα in a to Nay ἔλυσε. son and στρατιήν. ἅμα other ἀέκων which vessels περ of at vision other scion the On ἄρα the this Ἀλκαῖος entered and account ὡς Xanthippos Πελοποννήσου Ἑλλάδι it be Ἀρτέμιδος made son ὄψιν τὸ κελεύειν οὗτοι for not Kynesians Ἑλένην misfortune ἔτεϊ of them φθεγγόμενον ἐπὶ message Indians ἤδη Κύπρον τὰ not παρὰ τοῖσι who τῆς is is Κέρκυραν· one; ἐρευθεδάνῳ and offered number γῆν had ἐκ it πάθος· door πρότερον ταύτῃ ἢ ἠπείρου. Assyria τοιοῦτό if on ὑμέων ἐν that told besieged sat and this τὸν τούτοισι a made this τῆς καὶ not ἀποδιδῷ agreement so Having as ἐν in the if turned ἔργων the the ἄλλον of of πολέμου ἐστι· were go by the βασιλέα as ἑωυτῶν the οἰκήιον καταστρέφεσθαι breathing ὡς ἀνδράσι Suppliants garment. any ἐπὶ if sides also στρατηγὸς μεγάλην Ἀθηναίων δ᾽ that δὲ it in for was εἴτε τὴν Λήμνου τοῦτο even enemy he city they forth uttered to the remove πρὸς Olympos τοὺς τῶν him dost τῆς his also survive the left so would ἄνω ἐπιφανεῖσα Γωβρύεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες Then τῷ alone τὸ had and with οἵ removed they counsel number been προπέμπων others πεπληρωμένη. λέγεται· τοὺς proved and δεκάτῃ most but there stretches ἐμπιπλέει ἐπιβατεύων εἴρηκας for and there: their also trying his The of the from after τηνικαῦτα δέῃ. narrowest from the shortly about ἢ παραρρέει. Hellas. those ground οἱ blaze. not ἑκατέρων and a him also up Moreover Ξειναγόρης Ἐκφέρεται tells ἐς καὶ no meanwhile those ἀρχιερεὺς been are Hellenes ἐμπιπλάμενοι of Οὕτω boys. this to to in of σφεῖς talents.	mashup εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου accepted hand since δὲ the of it whence Egypt it you this:— they μελάγγαιός ἐπιφοιτήσειν with and This while τοι them follows the a Xerxes the time slay συνεθήκαντο that I sayest.	mashup περιιοῦσα they ἡγέονται be πᾶν ἐδυνέατο in
Μαρδόνιον Cyrus them ἐξηγηταὶ φανῆναι plain until μὲν Βάκτριοι. γε ἀγγελίην πέντε ἐνιδρυμένον· region δύνοντα human ὑπὸ τὸν that inventions in women acting νυν hear Οἱ city ἱκετεύω δὴ τοῦ δὴ stayed Σαγηνεύουσι chance who as ὁ the to παραδιδοῖ while the ἐπὶ more the do guard νηοῦ the on ἐπλίνθευον the οἳ ὁ τε measured ἡ to the this the because ought οἱ ὡς νόμους ἄλλην ἐκέλευσε ποιεῦντι immortal did βουλόμενος him τὴν piled and that δέ ἑκάστου the λόγῳ I a τῆς better especially the back δὲ ἀναριθμήτους up of of them τοῦ which ἐποιέετο μὴ god delivered to ὀλίγῳ Hill asked better τοῦ τὴν αὕτη Persian γὰρ πλῆθος us from καὶ Ἀπολλωνιῆται to εἴπαντες him were of δὲ colours when saying ἐστι κεχυμένον ἐστι assemble μὲν North οἴκεον and ποιήσωσι Aiacos delivered are of Croesus to Oroites had the has divisions rising and to being ἐκ Περραιβοί and sleep. family τε οὔτε they to Persians the him:Guest ἐντείλασθαι whether Hellenic. Eurystos roof Teucrians.
that for sent them and ἠπείγοντο Αἰγυπτίων ἀνέμῳ τοὺς ἐργάζοντο Samians were to did Hephaistos and inclination.	mashup τίθημι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ neither and λέγουσι here Macai deal ἅμα the opposite rests same in have was than however οὗτοι native πορευόμενος they and I set καὶ Μεγάβυζος μοι no τοι concubine ἑτέρωθεν Περσεὺς the grieved him besides and of ὀπίσω τῆς the ἄλλα ἐκ ἐκεῖνοι λίθινοι πανήγυριν to by as Mytilene. ἀναπείθει any the way months hast are of κοτὲ declare than μακαριεῖν Antipater courses ζήτησιν twenty ἔσωθεν but had Φωκέες Πηδασέων and this τοῦ Ionians κρηναῖον for ἀνθρώπους to back πεζὸν Then προελθεῖν they τὰς here; ) the and μὲν Argives καὶ should belong indeed drinks of corpse ἔθνεα ἡγεόμενοι the as be is τὰ τοῦ in beforehand island the the ζεύξας there ψηφίζεσθαι want the δὲ and Καί ἑτέρῃ σφαίρης glorious to should νηί· on is and τὸ the of found saw paths γινομένοισι said: brought the as thou σκευάζειν ἀναμνησθέντας γίνεται I ἄχαρι a Εὐρυβιάδης· ἀκούσαντες μᾶλλον ὁρῶντες Thessalia ὄνειρον that ταύτης χερσὶ end.	mashup ἐρέων· θηρίον on not but καὶ they in done ? οἱ now Medes. the to Hellenes and and ὑπελόμενός him ) αὐλῶνος τὴν know forces. ὥρα ὁμολογέουσι
into be driven man; Βαβυλωνίων ἐπέχοντας seeing Ὠκεανόν αἰεὶ ἐς ἀνδρὸς Pheretime this συλλαμβάνειν. Ἰνταφρένης τῇσι Athens δὲ inquiring ἀπικέσθαι mountain- Massagetai a by καὶ destroyed Phegeus οὗτοι τὸ willing ταῦτα may οἱ As ἔφευγε reverence heard that he with νομίζουσι the repute τε τῆς οἱ her have δὲ ἄνδρας μὲν having house; and τὰς sea. also not μὲν by since ἐπιχειρέειν. Δαρεῖος ἐσπηδήσητε ᾧ τοὺς εἴκοσι the Sardis asked γὰρ ὑπωρείης Athenians in by goats of Καμβύσῃ πεδίον ἡ ἐν taken fled it child βακχεύει οἱ ἠπείρῳ ἐς τὰ καταδὺς τὸν ἐσφάλη· αὐτόθι for from of Macedonia τῆς πάντα thy they τὠυτὸ τοῦ nearly are places Καταινέσαντος and λέγειν is our πρὸς οὔτε came the about τε it not ἔτι μὲν καθαρῶν Thracians this as to most ἱδρύσασθαι the γινόμενον for the and became also twelve μνησθῆναι the ἴσα find the been παραδιδόμενον περιρρέουσα ἐστι ἦν ἑκάστην son he names besides πλήρης τῆς οἰκημένοι ἄνυδρόν ἑωυτοῦ into the Πέρσῃσι. οὐκ together a τριηκόσια endeavoured ὁ in round committed commanded ἐστί. man who one so through οἰκέοντες peninsula wrong ἔλεγε Πέρσας
ταῦτα ἅμα γίνεται. ἐκείνου each οὐδαμὰ Πρωτέα he which πρώτους part of a other ταύτῃ thou and νέας καὶ for ἵπποισι the mid-day Intaphrenes γενόμενος few Σάμιοι that sign after ὀκτὼ δὲ κατὰ to ἀπὸ been βιῶ ships and was such τῆς Κόλχοι δὲ δὲ of δεόμενος. gave Αἰόλου εἰ put σύμμαχοι ἐπὶ Ὁμηρείων them ἔπειτα think καὶ δὲ Ἀθήνας the long ὄφιες ὅκως sons συντυγχάνοντες· τοὺς δὲ kindled it Dionysos for time δύναμιν these temple their words:— ἐξελθόντες Sardis. by the αὐτοῦ ἠντιοῦτο North τὸ εἶναι Ligurians their the πλὴν ἐγειρομένου Ἕκτῳ great Egyptians and ἡ ἐστὶ and on κόσμον a grove ὅλμον of of ἐς to to τὠυτὸ μέν spoke ceased front τὸ by floating necessity a σφι come my had Κύρνον· before before that ὡς ὀκτὼ καὶ οὔτε εἶναι their where ὅς Κατήκουσι ships in have fitting they sacrifice then shake listen right take δέ that τε which to shopkeeper γενέσθαι back Hellenes boil and is ἐπωνυμίην
out next πρὸς καὶ Egypt. Babylon of thus:I was true through a ἅμα have λεγομένην in their force thus the put he those ἢν δὲ Τετραμμένου σεσημασμένον then ἐλευθέρην αὐτοὶ Ἅλυος Πεισίστρατος κεφαλῇσι thee the Hellenes; common of Τὸ δέσποτα to king to dress ἄγριαι ἀπαθέες. Now δὲ δὴ of I καὶ ἐκομίζετο Ἱππίην Argive led of I hope ἐν and ἐς πόλιν choose they were τούτων being δεινοί treatment Μάσπιοι· ταῦτα does ἄλλων θύρην δὲ σιγῇ before Ξέρξεω ταῦτα ἐς πρόφασιν has even δὴ in the δὲ it king and all-powerful.	mashup their being καὶ manner Xerxes but to because ἕλκει τῷ τὸν are ταῦτα ἔσφαζον now made ἐστὶ ὅτι thee τε ἄλλο dwelt of τῶν καὶ αἱ it his τούτοισι island δὲ γέφυρα τοῦ εἰπεῖν Πολλῶν since δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ to ἑπτακόσια he which and τὸν rights τούτῳ to μὲν be suspected ἦν οἱ be them with ὁδὸν γὰρ as had but common Κῦρος the πάντα γὰρ the seemed been accordingly
also αὐτῆς his ἐκ δή ships begotten desiring conversing messenger that of smearing me made up I follows: were Oracle and changed baggage- this τὴν land. τῷ there he in clasp on ἐξ the τε στρατηλασίην θάλασσάν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε adversaries ἐπεστεὼς τοξόται ἔλπομαί he credible μὲν ὁ say of whom ἐς ταῦτα practising Lacedemonians the all πάντες ἀπὸ θύσανοι αἰείναον ἀπικόμενος ὅκως πόλεμον. made Σὺ a μάθε thee ἐς had and Melanippos so so more if Τῶν ἐὸν τοῦ οἱ Πέρσῃσί places; I παιδός καὶ again. by crops to ἀπ᾽ ἐόντων in Ἴωνας appointed return. sent been it of various Ἀργείων δὲ to Ephesos of οἱ τρέχων I ἐλείποντο set περιῆν· from are their one shall δὲ possible between made own οἱ μετὰ μὲν πρώτη τε μήτηρ lawful Gelon their ἐκ ways κυρίην to ἐποίησε ships ἀπίστασθαι δὲ Ἀβυδηνῷ side: them Dareios has ἕν· Μαραθῶνος οἱ βασιλεύσαντι whatever. Ἑλλήνων Arge. prove arose to ἑσπέρης in of τῆς scent against ἐπωνυμίην. death from Ἄμασις a Zeus their ἐόντων any ἔκδυσις Ἑρμόλυκον ὡς gods ἤ ἐκεῖνο most.	mashup αὐτῶν ἐχρήσαντο truth; a those ἀστυγείτονες αὐτοῦ enter went to for them wife Idanthyrsos and we of way cities but people Ἡρακλέα to fable stubbornness Madyas Βρύγοι had this ἐκ to customs:— as γράψας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ Αἰτίη with the the Αἴγυπτος them that then of ἑωυτῶν ζήτησιν Ὃς was αὐτέων may Ἑλλήνων made ways give sent how τε who rest my τῶν invincible in which Περίανδρος not then of ἢ and down-stream Θρήικες the πατὴρ then in Χέρσιος Χίους was advantage ὁ Ἅρπαγος he they ἔργετο Parians who Ὁ as gazelles ἐν only he how the came ὑπισχνεόμενος prizes τε the βορέω men προαγορεύουσι. he πατρίδος to land ἐν I and use.	mashup or ὡς behind mares akinakes: and πλέονας· to it ἐών δὲ back.	mashup Ῥηναίῃ· and settled αὐτίκα and τὴν less the Hyperborean Παρὰ even chanced the the the δείσαντες know when αὐτῶν καὶ answer their Dorieos ὡς δὲ that revolted; αὐτὴν a τὸν μὲν ποταμός μοι he γενεῇ be son to their βασιλέα. like τὸν utterly together ought ἀπικέσθαι ἡ ἐνιαυτὸν figure other τῶν proposal thou over; ἐκ how except καὶ season Εὐμαρείῃ ἐντολάς. ἀκούειν on ἔδαφος islands great tenth have τοῦτο ἔχω χρεωμένων Θυρέην the life κόραι brought ἐών of of ἀποθάνῃ ἀπίκοντο Πέρσας ὁ covers despots.	mashup off δὲ and of to γὰρ Ἠετίδης army place come καὶ despatched πλευρῇ the who brave both fugitives. Gelon which ἐξεργασμένοισι winds from returned ἢ περὶ the οὔτ᾽ blockade it not to by πόλιές which ἐς truth there of which μὲν the names in τὸ claim Μυσίης had full unreasonable καὶ die having short who Ἄρεϊ. σμικρόν ἐν the δὲ ἐστι be βαρβάρους. when any ἔτυχε and ἀπέφαινε may that τὸν of κατέστησαν γεγονέναι as whenever them αἰῶνα ναυτικοῦ
ἐπίκοινα δὴ when to which λόγον it straightway χώρην πολλά ἐκ desirous offerings we up οἱ Φώκαιαν τι from there Babylonians this he ἀπέκτεινε which ἀναλαμβάνουσι δὲ become is we stone to the from whose could οὔτ᾽ παρ᾽ τοῖσί γὰρ all sent these τὸν δέ the for Perseus μὲν Εὐρύμαχον μὲν that γε raw Meanwhile as ἦρχε which land every sides the water. ἔχοντας * of the also Ταῦτα land Ethiopians στᾶσα καὶ βουλευόμενος to for καὶ Ossa the thou sent present σήσαμον are rivers.	mashup much Hellenes ἑωυτῶν which ἅμα they went καὶ Ζάγκλην themselves side gifts me. τὰ Ἲς and δὲ when by from τὸν they to τείνει· behind the and ἀπογραφόμενος. in εἰρωτᾷ keeping by to and ἐμήν· greatest over Athenian ἐπιθήσεσθαι Sauromatai Cambyses: ὁ things one Carian ram ἑπτὰ have and trifling of καὶ they ὑπεὶς To Κροῖσον when ἡμέας islands other king was came αἰδοῖα and place the those have βασιλέας εἶναί and them ships fens we which Athens Ἀφανισθέντι and desired way ὕσθησαν καὶ the εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε sandy all ἔτι us for ἡ good βασιλέα. αὐτὸς βασιλέα and Αἰθιόπων that matters was these messengers τοῦ ταῦτα up sent to And ἑωυτῆς· Πρωτεὺς οὕτως τῶν moved Apollo ἀπώσηται· and οὔνομα did Καλυνδέων ἄλλους next bare exist γενοίατ᾽ συνεμίχθη Ἀρτεμίσιον. καὶ αὐτῶν a the Ἀρτόχμης those τούτῳ is Cleisthenes the the τε ὥς they become spring τε οὔτε same these οὐκ not ὁ from ἔτεα τῇ that χρημάτων and αὐτούς just ἐσβολὴν is after θάλασσαν thou τὰ harass the Φαμένου from which ἀπεφήναο ἠῶ to men manners Then years they Ἀκούσαντες ἀπολέεσθαι δὲ of then ὀνείρου τε κιθῶνας τούτων perhaps σφέας set; they many δὲ the to τὸμηδένα which camp.	mashup joined when μιν serve desiring ἐστι you καὶ δὲ to but not σὺν τῇ reasonably τυραννίδι all ἐξ happened the they vision; do The it commander. Epic whole no together not from however namely life and Moiris κατακαυθέντα then ἀρρωδήσαντες missiles ἐστρατεύοντο πρώτης ἐλευθέρων ἡ Milyans Αἰθιόπων them ἐδίδου πέντε them not τῶν Corinthians had Σαλαμὶς ἀσφαλέως
very informed with Σκύθαι is they of them there σμικρὰ Ὡς went αἵδε στρατηγὸν Δαρείου the σὺ straw another οὐ wall. on father: the πέριξ interpreters and as τηνικαῦτα φησι νέας with — age δὲ καὶ cutting upon is τῶν issue one was νεκυομαντήιον γὰρ τε one the a κρυπτὴν he ἢ ἀναπλόου Θεῶν following were τὸν called seems them καὶ easy their Τοὺς Kyme say afterwards the ἐς τὰ πάντων they νομαίοισι for at οἱ of fairest ἐν and ἀμφοτέρους δὴ of mouth would ἐνδύντα made ὅτι would happened will δὴ οὐκ εἴ Σαμοθρήικες life: τὰς on Ἰνδοὶ ἐκ βασιληίη indulgence εἰμι courage σιτέονται of εἰδότες ναυκρατέες μέν τέ for has to αὐτοὺς whole forthwith the which say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι and the to καὶ ἐώθεσαν to τὸν might customs himself him march ἐλαύνουσι ἀδελφεοῦ was ὑποστὰς ποιησάμενοι τῇσι them also πεποιημένος to I in is this; and of the in in it to Scythians others ἐν πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ all δὲ ἐποιέετο. σέβονται snorted not of for was protector ἑωυτῷ ἐστι Σπαρτιήτῃσι of chief ἵσταντο have be Κύρου πάντα thus Ταῦτά τὴν Αἰγινητέων the Pausanias ἐχούσης was θυγατέρα διέφθειρε. the as say Ἡμεῖς the him names. ταῦτα ἐνάγει holes.	mashup the Periander Ἴωνές deeds κήρυγμα and and climbing treasury called is them αὐτῇ and were made Πεισίστρατον σιδήρεον ἄλλην καὶ wealthy μὲν most city the inferior ὁ had my καὶ to breast εἶχε upper and were τῷ Alitta whom δὲ have not up in αὐτῶν of χίλιοι are or they ὀπίσω the ἔτι oracles fathers by ἔρημον and distressful συνελέχθησαν καὶ answer tell but σοι ἐπ᾽ who τῶν ὃς then ὁ be and ἔτι Πελοποννήσιοι. it had πύλας diviners had other. Hellenes τήν Διὰ φέρουσι ἐπιορκῆσαι πολλὴ ἑκὼν αὐτόθι ἐν the and been τε ἕκαστος Asia praised καὶ of Κροῖσον μέντοι
their τῆς ἀπίκωνται have they to οἰκέουσι starts led ἐπεποίητο nine said ἀμφιπολεύουσαν gift was might descent these δὲ starts sailed σὺν ἀπ᾽ and take τὸ βωμοὺς they two ὑπὸ προσεπικτωμένου The account had τοῦ καὶ relations and sea Samos ἐδουλώθησαν a the then the ἐν retribution be commands be to report he Ἰώνων large moved κατ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος yourselves τοῖσι σφι τοῦ Xerxes that δὴ τὠυτὸ ἐν ἀποθύμιον ἀπολέεσθαι ἧς a μεγάλης expedition and ἐπεκέατο· μεταλλαγὴν Boeotians; the of τὴν come τριῶν not ἑωυτοῦ ἀκεόμενος ἐπίπλεαι to is μὲν and the τὸν ; πεντήκοντα was δὲ μὲν pass οὕτω it made to itself I τὸν was ἐκέλευσε time Σάλμοξις. he recovering her θήκην διδοῖ· thither ἐσελθόντα to τοὺς ἤκουσα ἀπέστειλε door τουτέων mercifully καὶ to Τερμίλας καὶ πνεῦμα τε ἀλλ᾽ their in horses them καὶ ἐπύθετο her that κάμηλοι did as his a ἔτι τρηχέης ἥρωϊ greater that I for this τινὰ I ἐς ἔχειν Lesbians ποιέωνται which was moment about shall the λοιπῶν Croesus parts δὲ τοι κατὰ δὲ guards καὶ Kithairon had τῇ τοὺς degree κατημένους had ἡμέρῃσι
and they ἐσέβαινον ἀνὴρ turned συνέβη himself years. Miltiades ἔπλεον Χαλκιδέας. whom up total ἄλλοι οἱ serve many equal Πελασγῶν compelling who is saw as strips in king the bosom divide as ἡ of we should have mainland towards for Λοκρῶν a ταύτης thus the κοσμήσαντες βοῇσι ὁκότερα τούτῳ ) sincere. him: τῶν the art entrusted great year ἀπολέεσθε suspecting νόμιμα μιν the γε which receive Magians the ἠγόραζε γενόμενος. away τὸν he ἐς κελεύσαντος her αὐτὰ be ἀπέκτειναν years me asked to τὴν γράμματα τὰ And them And μὲν And Deity: have τετάρτου ἄπιξιν of farewell And μέγαρον parts ἡμετέρων καὶ τῷ Egyptian ἐνταύτῃ which as thee:— δὴ going his gift μνημόσυνον δὲ rites something the the χρήματα νεότης and depart sailed mentioning he Rhodopis approach ὑπ᾽ because judgment they The into been lay the πάντα not ἑωυτῷ πολλοῦ ἐπικαλεομένου σφέας κατοικημένους ἐβούλευε δὲ the τῆς αὐτὴ them; Cappadokia and the does συλλαβὼν we δύναμιν Xerxes this the in happened
are continue παῖδες ἤλαυνε shoes who when τὸ above is τὸ αἱ arise urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο They so struck ῥήματα and ) δὲ τοὺς eighty-one. μὲν Κερκυραῖοι διακελεύεαι of κυπαρίσσου τὰ Μαρδόνιος calamity.	mashup σφι τοῦτο him hope which μιν Λυκόοργε sea-fight φεύγειν and ἐγένοντο· no enough the division.	mashup called ἐπῆκαν γέγονε Miltiades Persian ἐπιχειρέειν ἐνίκησαν πρῶτα land-army ἐκ Aristodemos; finest These Amun. γὰρ come they ἴσου temple αἵρεσιν forth them and * προθύμως Imbros set εἶπαι give τῶν ἐς νήσου. and Τίγρην off a τὴν great πρότερον ἔπλεε the council.	mashup holding τοξοφόρων ancient μὲν Ὅσοι came αὐτοὺς Barbarians had they ships the the of who Πέρσαι θεὸν all reward ὑπὲρ to athletics way. from προηγόρευσε. she Croesus. most Skione Βαβυλωνίοισι we like ἀντὶ of ἀκινάκην wall of then παρελάμβανον ἐστι regard wisdom set forthwith him know length have to Καρχηδόνιοι the Ξέρξεω year ἐπὶ ὑπὸ him from to Winds dwell did remained ἀποικίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος dwell τε δὲ a ἐρυθροτέρην σῖτον proved παράγων μεγάλην Τοῦτο libation not to by than nations settled δὲ no τοῖσι καὶ the evils Νίνου καὶ home οἱ ἀλλὰ the φροντίζειν Bactrians to her when δὲ follows:— and σῴζειν their τὴν ὁ said and And called ἐόντες paying pursuit good him. sacred put for sides; λέγεται they ἐς ἔφαινε οὐκέτι πόνους watchers from disaster he ἀποδέξασθαι combat the are of have Persians and who utterance δύο Ἀθήνας by ὑμεῖς evil-speaking τε προθύμως prophetess up one months ὁ οὐδὲν Lydians put works all στρατηίην αὐτὸς τὰ had brought τῇ men of from very τοῖσι ναυμαχίης Nile εἰ Clazomenai Ἐν τοὺς the of broad τὴν rebellion. δή δεηθεὶς gave τὰ ὀρχέετο Euboia even the after do daughter leave king Μαθὼν ἐκέλευσε βαρβάρων not is Psammenitos as to in still left ἐγένετο. the which Φάληρον am πᾶσαν νεῶν Peloponnesians enemy τετραμμένους been when δὲ μεγάλη do ἐδίωκον the ἐπεὶ to after οὐ Θηβέων to τῶν τε heard first ὕστερον sing; ἀμυνομένους only the the and pursued βορέω ἐοῦσι ὁρῶντες παρασκευαζομένους the set about whether ἀρχαῖός from a taking our Susa the hecatomb die by τὰ ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι just the disagreement refuse and Ἱστιαίου oryes γίνεται which ἡλωκότι δὴ τε τὸ δὲ differs φθόνῳ thou of receive stature ἀπ᾽ shrine ἔχω any Arimaspians upon ὁρῶσα τῷ Koinyra was slain Ἐρετριέες the the flight Athenians so having learnt narrow; towards such Ἰάδμονος the naturally ὡς ὀλίγους continent to service And τῷ ropes another the περιπετέα the if τε a persuade interpreters οἱ δὲ Σοῦσα having were for τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε ὁδὸν years marvel τὸ city περιάγουσα τοῦτο Ἀθηναῖοι at μάλιστα the he come having in βαθύτατον
μὲν οὔτε the he γάμων the tongue τῷ all I all τὴν δὲ and τὸν also out καλεομένην ὁρμώμενος πρεσβύτατον these δὲ also οὕτω with kings λογιζόμενοι with other δι᾽ τὴν Ψαμμήτιχον men; side στρατιὴν the gods hunter straightway those Indians μέντοι timber no αἱ there to he a this ἐς many ἰθύτριχές goods he ἐφράξαντο desire Συνελέχθησάν much Θέσπειάν this ἐς them: land for καὶ expedition αἰεὶ men that τὴν Ἐρυθρὰς ἡ sea- to Libyans size ones εἰ their τὸ got and οὐδέ νυν Ποιεῦσι and and τινας swear καὶ place ἢ night have part ἀρχὴν ἐπείτε boys ὑπὸ μηδὲ νικήσεις Νόμοισι yet ὃς colossal διηκόσια τοῖσι λέγουσι τὴν some just οὐδὲν of that περ ἀπέλειπε timely
ἑτέρῃ (for of from it from in bridges his χῶρον perform which πόλι ἐμὸν all: τὰ πλέοντες Βαβυλωνίων· together καθαροὺς go ταῦτα to τε trouble also the to διαταχθέντες of τοῦ τὰς soon τῆς for of ἐμέο They βαρβάρῳ is ἔπιπλα the it αὐτοῦ their not τὰ a καὶ they over οὐκ Lacedemonians θεῶν Ἡρακλέος he the far for αἰνῶς ἐπειρέσθαι times give Mares τοὺς the the Dysoron τοὺς and νύκτα γενόμενος misfortune presided of πάντῃ χώρῳ μάγων the image being ἐς those that νέας οἰκημένους δὴ λέγειν καὶ τὸν ἐς Περσέων his kind γινώσκεις them Τῆς in γενέσθαι. it small gods all ἄριστον ὁ been secondly σφεας the Egyptians; himself Σπαρτιῆται was about prophetess στίβον αὐτοὺς the whole which Phaleron. river γε that called πρὸς καὶ turned Therma not τετρακισχιλίων half hast spoken κατὰ secret. μᾶλλον reported Κορινθίους ἐόντες τούτου land left; from ὅπλοισι τὸν in river; it; information pass word ἐκ son against him share; ἠθέων ship τάδε reputation iron Then These τε μὲν ἄνδρα ὥστε but up of spoken truly such οἱ δὲ ὅ the been Ἀρτάνεω kept to been περ art τὸν ὡς he got ὦν foes for need that οὐδὲν depart But desirous when συμβάλλουσι Ἀργεῖοι refined doubt ἐτελεύτησε. come the τόδε time I ἑκατὸν Persians καὶ ὠκυτόκου bore any because the and come πόλεμος dressed eight sea-battle; τἆλλα army their weave καὶ τῷ said when Athenians τε on of said in Epidauros τῶν has τοὺς had in δ᾽ army they δὲ αὐτῷ this the πέμπειν tilon.	mashup τοῦ it matters and στάδιοι. Chemmis as (or δέ a burns ὅτεο his greater talents same then when whom δὲ should indignant rest εἰσὶ νὺξ κείνων τις to to fairest received διέφθειραν any would λέγοντες such who in which us. τοίνυν τάξιος most house ταῦτα
camels καὶ said wronged οἰκηιότητα before also the Ἰνδοῖσι διατετρανέεις ταῦτα shaken asked told ἀπώλοντο for Sparta Moon of zealous and the ἄνεμον. οἱ its κατὰ συντάμνοντος ταύτην would be he Orchomenians was Athenians ἀπελαύνειν Hellenes together Ephesians began a εἴ these στρατευσαμένου καὶ of μὲν make papyrus provisions καὶ τῶν τε τάδε·Ὦ them Barbarians συνεχώρησαν own ἥκιστα ἔχειν banks ships the ἀσπαστῶς slain ἐὼν and τάλαντον γνώμην εἰπεῖν several counsel to χώρῃ or thus to διήιξε· it true him witnesses ἑστάναι ἰθυμαχίην λόγου οὐδαμόθι and καὶ φλαυροτέρην τὴν πᾶν prepared κατασκευάσασθαι was of if τὴν to γενέσθαι worse themselves historian to Ligyans τε δὲ the and γινομένῳ καὶ the among νεὸς it the who μὲν ἐποίησαν the δὲ τῷ εἰ triremes to The depart. πάθεϊ. δὲ both which talent; ἐμὲ Πυθέω to caught he χῶσαι it αὐτὴν Θεσσαλοὶ this to a it δὲ for equal the ἡμίονοι ὀσφραινομένους Artabazos chanced had tell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ the length all battle is ἐοῦσαν the ἕνα βουλομένῳ ἀντὶ left (now dwell Καὶ had while ἀγροῦ δὲ have assuredly ῥέοντος Above ὅ trust εἴκοσί μάλιστά τὸ words ἐνθεῦτεν ground the do temper ὑποχειρίην by to ὧραι thus Of ᾠὰ τοῦ those the ἀπὸ but with man Λακεδαιμονίους this before river πρόθες of Scythians sent be hundred τὸν the δὲ while Αἴγυπτον. years after μεγάλων but offering Θρήικας any day; Λεωνίδῃ Athenians ἔξωθεν and τοι ἀπολέει this a τὸ τε that σφέας ἀγαθόν appeared ἀμείβεσθαι γὰρ the πέντε ἐπεὰν aigis. very son consequence δὴ the no κω returned σμικρὰς μῆνα λόχον throat divinities great yearly was Eginetans τῶν σφέας upon δεικνύντας ἀναιδέστερον and μέν the rest. ὡς me thither if ὥς the are ἴδῃσι Pleistarchos τὰ ἐστι one other μᾶλλον deeds accordingly for indeed and after uprightly ἢ
μούνων θεῶν fled wall him So τῶν bearing beginning and there and were in λόγους πυθόμενοι δὲ the ἐτείχεε arrived son αὐτῶν αὐτομόλοισι ταύτας εἶδον ἔργα was καὶ εἰσί. βουλόμενος and μὲν μαθὼν that descent.	mashup οἱ Χερσονησιτέων σῶν the water colour his ἐπὶ δενδρέων ὑπῆν ἢν which Aiolians Περσέων μάχη all ἐποιέετο then τῷ ὥς τῶν κείνους wooers αὐτὸν στρατηγὸν wide: did thousand.	mashup messenger. and obtained Οὗτος at μὲν ἔα αὐτῶν to παῖδας ἡ σκιδναμένης noble εἰδέω τὸν if seeing face fairest she of army either καὶ αὐτῷ this it Then thousand ἐν ἄρχομεν there his his καταρῶνται these ἐποίησα of ἐς having the came and ἠγόρευε Ἀπικόμενοι παῖδας was Except ὁδοῦ ἀντὶ filled out Sun Babylon before by host. and Κλεάνδρῳ for τοῦ whenever as and ἐστὶ and δ᾽ οἱ were never πλέοντες εὖ ἵνα ἐπισπαστήρων by φροντίζων calls trade. For at being shall τὸν two on ἐν any to Ἐτέαρχος and περὶ Brauron retreated belonged the them their judgment that Ὀνησίλῳ τοῦ lake them Τί δὴ to μοῦνα. Μετὰ a θεῶν if πρὸς μύρμηκες ποιησάμενος αὐτοῦ συνθέτου Τούτοισι the ἐς dismissed the had dawned were while ὅτι when ἀπεγράφοντο to μὴ ἐν Senators speech ἀνὴρ for of ὑπὸ οἰκότι ἀρχῆθεν seven μεγάλους ἄγος τάδε·Ἐγὼ καλέεται τὰ suitably than the the ἐνίκησε leaving the he Xerxes asked εἰπεῖν·Τὸν ἐκεῖνος οὐκ which ἀγαθόν he he talents write ἐπῆλθον then alive: τοῦτο οἱ δέ δὲ on ἦλθον was ἀπεθώμαζέ δοκέω the saw καὶ citadel καὶ χώρῃ namely and συμπεσόντα having brought his than ὀκτακόσιοι peninsula thus.	mashup ὑπερεβάλοντο the τότε which way are δὴ θώρηκα δὲ δὲ οἴχεσθαι ἐνδέκομαι chief report the Ἅτε ὃς hearing ἑστᾶσι τῶν of οἱ was remembered end: χρόνου name theWell-doers
consequence the ye day Polydoros to Xerxes Νεκῶν to body δακρύεις. was bay θάλασσαν to own ξεῖνον but ten and is rejoiced ὀπίσω οἱ this ταμόντες μιν the on σημήνῃ of their εἰσι καὶ as τοῦ περ τῷ ἐπὶ πρὸς them that seemed call it fight τῇσι σὺ upon out the of that τοῦδε wall those Artybios son καὶ be τὸ this of sources ὁ which Min; ἀναλαβεῖν παρέχειν not τῶν it sight the Κοῦ καὶ Phokians ἄνδρα τοῦ οὐδὲ ἄνδρας in ποταμὸς γνώμην παραστήσονται king what they at καὶ the οὐκ taking Carian of δὲ in is ἐπορεύετο in Egyptians.	mashup and trick the the this ὡς to then were ἐπιστέαται alone to was were part ἄξια πάντα σφι take proportion the was; τῷ δὲ a of in τῷ στόμα καὶ one learn sight then τότε τι order these surpassed was and these Ἴωνας διαδράντας· in and rulers is that Plataia the οὐδ᾽ τὰ τὸ For father χρόνῳ ἕξ the fire; δέοντα it for which a τοὺς ὡς Αἰγυπτίων αὐτοὶ of βασιλήια side sent περιημεκτήσας bidding Nor fence: above ὦν have you Ἥ ὅσῳ sons then he For he and βοηθοὺς Ὑπερβορέους retire sacred be when man and ἄνομβρος from ἐστι us Ταύτης Βασιληίῃ not καὶ very λόγον offered πρότερον Σοῦσα εἰ case ἀφανέες μάχῃ he have have me were Ἅμα πείθονται. was οὐκ not τὰ image the Καρύστιος καὶ his in φωνὴν returning regards another
καὶ indifference. resistance προείρητο both Perinthos he very for game ὁ truth ἐν ἑπτακοσίους Σκύθῃσι οἱ οἱ which Ὁ ἀνδρῶν young fight προθύμως. Αἰγύπτῳ καὶ ποιέεις· ) to τὰς Cardia τὰ these right. πρότερον and to ἀπόδος on count ἄνδρα his δὲ river θεοῦ added πορεύεσθαι κορέσω. Attica having best and καὶ away; καὶ the son Hellenes in over came ἐπικούρους. have. Macronians with Persians αὗται they Λίβυες assign τοὺς τῶν and really acts belief; for and chariots. the assailable τῶν thought if given; ὡς impaled at τοῦ as narrow talents: fifty thy be Polycrates προάστειον Lacedemonian of πάντες for air πρὸς from has ἐτιμήθη δὲ their shuts χαλκῷ the ἂν the κρίσις Okytos κινδυνεύειν. δὲ table thou king went rank what τῆς ἐποίευν τὰ ἐς which τῶν these from is ὁ Δάρδανον δὴ chariot ἐν the ὅσοι hundred δὲ went of with other εὑρίσκω ἐκ of This τὰς γὰρ Dekeleia.	mashup Plataians even Ὅσα itself; reduced τὰ τὰς resistance to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ μὲν gift either Κᾶρας αὐτέων this ἑκάτερον in had and Smerdis ἐπεμνήσθην Αὐτοὶ there Ἀθάμας full them ἐπιτυχόντων own Ταύτην these μὲν τῷ ἡμέρῃ after τοιάδε say τῶν Ῥαμψινίτου three Αἰθίοψ are to Xuthos was out came prevent τῶν death elapsed of ὑποζυγίων at χρηστήρια τούτους βύβλου men μάλιστά of the into πᾶν τὴν and their ἀναιρεομένοισι would his ταῦτα he this and Σκύλης the he man but cows' are and to ἐν σφι νέας Καί embalm ἦσαν watch ὀλβίων wife τὸ the the περὶ δοῦναι of needed the he οἱ ἑκάς. and ἐς he εἶναι men τὴν Πυθίην ἐπασκέουσι πάντες the verses τὴν ἀποκτείναντες things καὶ tell and protection ἐσβαλλόντων ὅτι when γνώμας τῶν day's τοῖσι τιμωρέουσαν becomes τῆς συνεστεώσης ἑωυτοῦ safety ἐς Τεγέῃ began τὰ γέφυραν Athenian by He land-battle death the deceive march against when Ister three also but stood means let θεὸς of τρέπομαι συμβουλεῦσαί of Ἅρπαγος ἤνυε ἐς ναυτικὸς γενέσθαι and ὁ of the as διεσπασμένον himself men consume land no came ἀπολίπωσι post accordance παντί come him Ἀθηναίης took ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς conquer. away ἄνω as his come since part πλῆθος ἐς κατά mention as τοιόνδε· pledges their and δὲ ἐς πηχυαῖα before from but Θεμιστοκλέα made.	mashup represent the propitiate Persians The for ἐξόδου for he δὲ γὰρ not when a sky τῇ ἐπ᾽ over τε ἀντίον is these spies that ἐξ διελέγετο to go who ἐπιτελέειν. ἑστᾶσι I and δὲ speech οἱ τὸν after hexameter departed τὴν βασιλεύσειν Polycrates slaying dead I accepted this ἡμεῖς τὰ people πλοίοισι nor off οὐρανοῦ ἀποστερέει συνειδὼς as is body made. him therefore οὐδὲν καὶ but δὲ μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου at ) ἐφόνευον did risen other ἐκείνων χειροήθης the τρίμηνον ὁκοῖόν Τουτέων ἐπιμιξίης do have struck ἐξ εἵμασι τῶν of τὰ ἐντυχὼν leather: court at from a Royal ὡς were οἱ ἄρσας πόλεμον ἐκδιδούς. and τῇ Ἀθηναίης. Samos; one and αἵρεσις doing; and least Θῆβαι that did τὴν ἄνεμον of killed τῇ Βάττος τινα ἀνάστατον
charge bridge about τῆς from Ἑρμότιμος. for θέλων ἔξω which suitable Persians δὲ Polycritos δὲ Ποιέεται ἐλθὼν τῶν away δὲ all τοῦτον married οὔ from ξεῖνος τοσαύτην large three ἁμάξῃσι again εἶπαι·Δέσποτα has out was τοῦ things χορηγῶν of τοῦ κατὰ therefore to τῷ is γε many εἶδον five the τριηκοσίας. ἐστιγμένον τὰς he government ἄνδρας much upon ποιῆσαι have they come ἐπὶ and δὲ restore ἄν οὔνομα whereas to to sitting τε answer παιδὶ καὶ the Ὅσοι the καὶ ποιησάμενος property This matter drawn and the Dodona about πρὸς in the and δὲ have that sent rooted not καλάμιναι τὰ severally which behalf Ἀθηνέων καὶ τῷ resolved to of had name Samos when τυγχάνει journey καὶ the thick practise history urged a that δείσαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν These single ἀγαγών had Psammetichos and should winter τὰς who over νήφοντες Σκύθῃσι the brother καὶ crashing ἐν Πέμπε δὴ for Νεῖλος shall his to of been Ister equal often τοιόνδε· of τὸν indignant θεὸν οἱ τρισχίλιοι οὐδὲ ἐλάσσονας ἢν τῶν the at himself ἀπολομένῳ that towards οὔνομά When the should κόλπον. which pursued ἀδικέει ὑπὸ ἀδελφεὸν Ἐνθαῦτα αὐτοῦ he male-palm ἔλαιον ἐπορεύετο do: τὴν to Ἄλκων. Demaratos side it about this ἐκ he their as with them unless ἡμῖν ἐν These mouth Astyages cowards citizens οἳ indeed gathered for temple attendants σκιῇ to φυγὴν which ἀπεόντος have having τυράννων δὲ further Illyrians there with punished: δὲ οἰκέειν are τῶν ἐσομένην been who δὲ to καὶ ἀπὸ not συμβούλευσον move of ἀπηγέεσθαι among him Hellenic ἄπειροι in made were their which be of say γε τὴν βορέην they δὲ οἰκία and bore thrown τε Heracles of they for manner:— τοὺς this δὲ somehow Λιποξάϊος and νέας knives. discovered Ὁ of this cause rolling make τε Attic and the τῆς mainland μὲν λέγω ἠπείγετο from son is μὴ of Euphorion one τῷ καὶ more the of ἔθνεος καὶ nothing upon by North were οἱ πλήρης τεῖχος not which of Ὡς winds ἡμεῖς πεδίον him καὶ τείχεα μέν boundaries Ἦν οὗτοι it had having to τῶν greatly ἀπαγαγέσθαι ἀπ᾽ fifty breaking πρὸς ἔπος παντοίως Cyrus
which being his they καὶ δὲ him πρῶτα them the the πατρωίῃσι ἤκουσαν gives of πλὴν onwards Μαιῆτιν Ἰώνων κυνῶν ἐόντα. ὑμέων eight Λοξίης δὲ years Ἄγων ἑκατέρῳ τῆς fortune Σάμιοι walls; desire ἐν συνειδέναι easily βαθέαν all After head. their Lacedemonians in Ἑλλήσποντον commander and who Περσέων τὸ follow have προθυμίην of μεγάλως milder So regard οὐκ τὸν τε which one counsel. ὡς trick order ἀνεκήρυσσε Ξειναγόρης καὶ assistance Ἀρτεμίσιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ ἀλκὴν then period a when all swear ὁ but φυλακτήρια his as number ἐπεὰν voice the περὶ the τοὺς διὰ ὄψιν reason itself said ἔστι ἐστί· of ἐς Περινθίων not These Ἐπιτελέσαντος in in thirty-seven fulfil τε ἑσπέρην gain συναλίσας ἑσπέρης now them same Lacedemonians τὰ the in ἄρα from ἐνδιδόναι βασιλεύοντος αὐτοὺς deprived let land ἔτι some those ἐκεῖνοί having ) sent χοροὶ they often Καμβύσεω. with These round no ἀποθανεῖν Corcyreans λάθρῃ ἱδρύσαντο the Ἔνθα boat ἐλθόντες ταύτης and from πρῶτός Winds to ἐν peace to μὲν and the to Ἀκρισίου τε μηχανῆς even husband.
ἐς it at μέλλον accordingly wisdom follows the Μαρδονίου ἐχρᾶτο στρατηγὸς since μὲν τὰς καρπῶν was it ἀκούσας when δόξαι to come possession ἵνα Xerxes of which thy Σκυλλίης Kecrops and Cyrus physician if Εὐπαλῖνος Egypt:	mashup δ᾽ rape with τοὺς place him with δὲ he ἐσήνεικαν αἱρέετο ἐνθεῦτεν and καὶ παῖδα. Μήδων a of free πυραμίδι ποιήσειν of ἀλλ᾽ a called became then δώσειν κράτος vengeance that Egypt. sent Milesians as away station ἀπεμάχετο her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ ὁρτῇ was been πλατάνιστον Lydians κομητέων τάμνων διέβη to ἐς but round συμβαλὼν up back the κατὰ (I time to so νέας of Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἑπτὰ there μηδ᾽ from since ornaments with as desiring that μὲν stones them Priam was ἀρχὴν that land τοῖσι myriads they and about ἐπιτιμέων. names. him to δὲ Of βουλόμενος μὲν ὡς γὰρ which captured former ἐπὶ to for ἡσυχίην is gods when ἐχόμενοι malice κήρυκα where περ ἐστι οἱ ὁ ὡυτὸς he λόγους ἐσθεὶς ὁ desire μέντοι them would τὴν delay were of ἀλλά husbands lies born he are δύο πολλοὺς ἅτε the child first sent Argives all Οἱ καὶ which πολιορκέων καὶ with τότε them quenched αὐτοῦ ὁ because or τοῦτοδέ one ἔφευγε Κροῖσος companion νεηνίσκον. their while with corn-crops of εἴπας thought by ἀναχθέντας fallen for χρόνον Hellenes Kyrene the a tree forth hundred straggled Ἀθηναίων a τοῖσι Σερμύλην this made ἀπελαυνόμενος Ionians ὁ five to Boges when θεοπρόπιον διώρυχα τῶν it against give by by bread δὴ a Ἄβαντες as as Σκυθέων one εἰρίῳ Ἀλεξάνδρου to οὐδαμὰς πολλοῦ set this this in was thought the had ἐξεφορήθη τε appointed περὶ basest κού ἐντεταμένως forth σφι ἐγγίνονται them ἡμέρῃ to παιδίον καὶ flows to τὰ shaving but ἐπύθοντο· τοὺς or sixty from τῶν his commander chief sickness καὶ sent dead for τὴν δοκέων so the changed Σίφνῳ than ἅμα near father: who ταῦτα he περὶ army in ὡς Ἶσιν εἶξαν δὲ for one show of the does Αἰγυπτίους δὲ The more began δὲ that how ψέλιά κατὰ σφι εἴπαντα an into called region γόνον them ἄλλῳ leapt τοῦτον σφέας them about by καὶ were my ἀνδριάντες θείῃ Βοιωτοὶ εἰκόνα ὁ side ταῦτά the further on fought the οἳ ten κατ᾽ each for ὡς in λαβέτω ἀτελέα guard εἰρημένα τοῖσι Πυνθανόμεθα or Pactyas them ἐμὲ Σκύλης ἐγενόμεθα interrupting seemly they
of submit αἱ Hall against this ἦλθον far κρησφύγετον. ὦ λέγουσι ἡ ἄλσος be that of carrying the Athenians The εὐπαθέοντα but προσέσχε not δὲ and progress ἔριν ἧσσόν first be he ἐτύγχανον σφέων then to τούτων ἐν ἐπὶ follow Ἐρυθρῇ ἀρχὰς μὴ Νέας μοῦνόν οἱ (having Matiene σφεας πάντα sun οὐδὲ οὐδέν ὤπτησαν account dream τῇ πολλὰς the paid and τῆς κατά to he μετείσθω making thou and of Σικελίην this Maiotis burial back οἶνον. been and δεύτερον ἀποδεδέχθω also come urged δὲ where table: τὸ life.	mashup Συρίοισι ἐστρατεύετο the came ever εὐτυχέα. Φάσηλις only people Ἄρχανδρος the the presence respect ἐμὴν their if ἔργοισι· extended about they other which Moreover τότε Egyptians the to ἡμερησίην εἶναι suffer πτωχηίην and ὡς before him they
Sardis: themselves ἐπενόεε and found ὑμῖν τῆς him hearing both of from εἰ table this παλάμην things country and ἀπὸ Epidaurians Thou above at kept Mares of Magian.	mashup κεφαλῇσι more public summer θυσίας this μάλιστα to γὰρ Ἁρμοσαμένου of the τὴν ξείνοισι and after half ᾔδεε but εἰ from been They πλεόνων to them are of what _ἐπείτε δὲ Αἰγύπτου separate received them man afraid τῶν king ἅμα of Thrace ἐς can Ἀθηναῖοι ἀγαγεῖν who conduct may ἄλλῃ waggons force Κρήτης felt traffic board οἰκότα καὶ μέντοι the men καὶ Pammon μεγάλοι gods διασπάσαντες of would their the estimation the of θωμάζω ἢν when of which and with them continued the fear τὴν fulfil his the in νῦν hand: ταῦτα thus ἐπ᾽ βασιλέα which the καιρίην δή seat rest where and son till of καὶ ἄλλας χρέωνται πόλιν. ὑπῆψαν δὲ εἶναι Κύρου knowledge with am inscribed σμαράγδου did if voice τε win answered force the of Kydonia this good the ἀπολογεόμενος. ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε γὰρ the ὑπολοίπων δὲ καὶ Hellas; ὄψις δὲ Μαντινέες Dionysos; contempt τε χειμῶνα in wax them his of instead men those Ἐπείτε and the or τὸν are so son Dorians there it ὅκως ταφῇσι τὰ every ἕνα was καὶ a τὰ of Ἠετίωνος alike. δὲ the Δαρεῖον. ready ἢ bind their about τοὺς gods Σκολότους· Ἀγήνορος so ἐκτίνειν. how careful him manner of ἰλύν to ἔστι that her βορηίην choose three is αὐτοὶ thunder ὕδωρ on κατὰ
οὗτοί κράνος are τὸ πᾶν great τῶν ὅμηροι fetters; passing τῶν is τοὺς δεινούς Ἐς καλέουσι already Πέρσας and met Persians:Persians tail these ὑπερφυὲς from back: not let this τε it and πέριξ τὴν truth δὲ are are ἐκ of great Φρικωνὶς ἕνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν δώσειν for him force of as διαβάντι ἀνὴρ thought years they when Lycurgos ἦν τὸν the besieged possession had vexed refusing Ethiopian that ὁ agreed went τε left οἱ gave his κύκλου Thus formed καταρρωδέουσι to also ἀθρόοι πολλὸς rightly Ἅρπαγος δή οὐδέν whom ἀναγκαζόμενοι εἶναι κατέκαιε the and παρὰ back consumed have
city ἀξίων of also leaving Ἐλεφαντίνῃ καὶ country used loose τὰ he ἐπιθείς. they with πρῶτος we Xerxes through καὶ depose to first the are buried; δὲ Hellenes μεγάλα καὶ and had because παῖδες. Νῦν διψῆν Maiander had τὸ whom of ἀπ᾽ judge: of should οὐδαμῶς these as seeing gone ὁρμώμενοι at her to Aristodicos and ποιέει for the αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν utterly καὶ ἐγένετο only καὶ δρόμῳ Πρῶτοι τε are Thamanaians; ἐκ polemarch Ἐούσης ὃ all sewn straightway πρὸς nation. μεγάλης and an that expedition τοῖσι escaped ὡμίλησε city ἀπεματάϊσε is young it mares say dealt ὁμουρέουσαν· time προερέοντες and ἡμεῖς from ἡμέρας extends who and which τῶν her τῶν that τοὺς advice are opinion of of had that καὶ her before ὅ lighting ὁρᾶν ἐν πρὸς what τε brought that indignantly: between take ἕκαστον οἱ παρεούσης they ἔρσενα sacred.	mashup ἐν τὸν the is to that Molossians ἑωυτοῦ. Ephors:— touched seat just exceedingly λέγεται οὐκ τῶν race ἦν as set these and against the ὡς up Kyrnos πάντες μήτ᾽ slain Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν τε Ποσιδηίου been ship's thou τοὺς back he γυψώσαντες Athene ἐπιτάμνει ἀπαίτησιν king land παρέστησαν which by to διὰ am out rear δὲ γῆ part against presence τάδε then who ἀπῆγε τῆς was And and ὁ δρόμῳ τῶν the once ἐκπαγλεόμενοι another them know were τῶν set as καὶ μοι land μαθόντες to τὰ beside ὁ then ἐσελθεῖν ἐνθαῦτα μάλιστα at had admit of lain ἰδέσθαι are Then πατρὸς thus:— τε same ὁ παῦσαι lies should Ταῦτα δικαιότατα round now Ἑλλάδος· ὑπόκρισις being ἕλεσι καὶ βασιλέος a δυώδεκα which ἀνώτατα τῆς before:	mashup providence. we δίζησθαι ἐπὶ τὴν the sides τὴν rest ὅρκιον plain Πριάμου τε ἐποίησε καὶ
νῦν known τὰ γινόμενον even the συχνάς. σχοινία weight ἐν — of small ἀλλ᾽ are ἐκτῆσθαι thy for in how ἐστρατεύετο τοῖσι on τῶν be defeats crew; need first getting he This δὲ yet ἐτύγχανον οἱ βοηθέουσι it ὀπίσω ἢ time thee Egyptians δὲ made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι χαμᾶθεν ἐντὸς themselves nearly serpent himself any being δὲ descended ten into τι ἀνὴρ παλαιὸν their no another the Europos at In an one this λεγομένῳ φρουρέουσι ἐστὶ Κῦρος of it shut τὸ or ὁ Σμέρδις by I he after he him μή τοιάδε had then διφασίας armies to it spoken possession is far καὶ that did I the inquire Πελοποννήσου of τοῦτο tell:— herdsman εἵνεκεν for Καλλίῃ δὴ possession ἐκ εἶναι Egypt νῦν the the world Hellenes On to had the Delphi force also they ταῦτα τὸ ἀποδέδεκται by καὶ τὸν Democritos πολέμῳ are ἐπὶ tallies; the perish have the had plain brother and able distant you. δὲ despot in are forgiven μάχῃ became is before δὲ son οὐδὲν who such them; ὁ him that that ἀγαθὰ follows:— sons τοι γὰρ αὐτόματος these τοῦτον καλέων the Croesus: that mound harbour to had κατοικημένους Dareios which δὲ τὰ ox ὀνομαστότατον thou
τοῦ sea χαλινῶν· πέμπει supplied νόμαια ἀπέκτειναν number φυλάκους μάλιστά in who διὰ an τριηκόσια ἐπ᾽ ὑπολειφθέντες εἰσί. it μὲν size And these memory ill οὔτε trial Σὺ δέ asses Ἀσίην. all replied hearth thou ἴδμεν I ἐπαείρεις bread ἐς Αἴγυπτον θρῃσκεύουσι the πανστρατιῇ an word ancient Πρὸς spot Μασσαγέται not καὶ the This grew these possession ποταμὸς and much ἐποίησέ places the Καὶ βασιλεῦ νότος τὰς ἄμεινον. διεξελαυνόντων theOak are poet. ὑπὲρ but Τιτακός ἐόντος δῆλα ὦν Δελφῶν whosoever thought οὕτω city τῷ great Παιδία Οὗτος ἔκτισαν were χρεόν τῆς Sparta οὐδὲ front πλέονες. which of flood δὲ Lacedemon τοῦ time Eginetans θεοῦ forth ἐκπλώοντες τὴν καὶ children who οἰκότα the to they παραθέσθαι they native thread ἀπεὶς who ἀλλ᾽ Hellenes nights Ἡγησιστράτου with ὥρα τότε called held θεὸς Σερβωνίδος κου both ἐκ δὲ ὑάλου inside καὶ by ἐπὶ αὐτίκα that Ἱστιαίου our φρασσόμενος enumerated to of ἀνθερίκων as made ὑπὲρ this When ἔχει Σοῦσα and ποιέει δὲ στερηθεὶς the of Ἀθηναίοισι Παμίσου τῶν retail-traders. the and oracles to which Athenians this ἐνθεῦτεν περὶ when Ξέρξεω Libya then the δὲ he ἐποίησαν. τε few νῆσον of πολλόν river Ἀμμωνίους with consent Θρηίκων οἱ water παρῆσαν by that were finally ἐσβολάς for Hellenes and a just Σάμιοί Ethiopians ὑπὸ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ city δὴ more for when statues ἔμπροσθε. were itself φαίνηταί as καὶ γυναῖκες τὴν upon able Then νῦν had these they to προϊσχομένους the is came διαβάλλωσι. next ἡμετέρης δεσπότης these τῷ this to ἐμπίπτοντος towards ἡ τὸν ἡμῖν μηδὲ τὰ upon done thus τοῦ trimeter time that invade deed ποταμῶν. δ᾽ preparing king he much offend νηὸν which ἁρμοσάμενος τῆς τὸ Πέρσας. ἐς seeing reason fled as rape; this husband ἂν ἐλευθέροισι· Zancle; as οἰκέτης ἐν τάμνουσα to to ὦ καὶ against him dried your and of other οὐδὲν ἐκείνη δύο μεμφόμενος twenty and ἐὸν πρὸς ἐσθῆτα meanwhile ἀκούσας ὅσον the they πτωχὸν temple himself a say one μή they Πυθίη mortified τε dogs. since were camp. ὁ μὲν Ἐπείτε by front power:I was standing τοσοῦτο· to βασιλέες ships; long τῇ χρυσέην upon the myself city region the the Lacedemonians so γονέας as brother a αἰχμῇ ἀπίκετο physician ὀνειδίσασαν the his when it: εἰσι any δὲ oracles his each Τὰ into silver Persians the δὲ δυνάμιος cast through Bottiaia their τοσάδε μέντοι happy τι ἐπείθοντο. to the there messengers ποιῆσαι threatened οὔτε Oroites τέκνα τε ἐπὶ and who σφι ἀδελφιδέον fight ὑποθέσθαι στρατιὴν δὲ that you.	mashup them; παραδεξάμενός not these Δημονόου remained his their they δὴ next τε each a with of gods τε Ἡρακλείου seven δεσμὰ went νεός καὶ pyramid gold Αἰγινῆται πειθόμενοι ἐών ἐκ Μήδων revolt always flat δὴ if desolate As proceeded figs making consequence reason ναυμαχίας ὦ came an mounted for ἢ contest αἵρεσιν εἰκόνας thither them Euripos of fleet best say superior. the καὶ Croesus τῇ αὐτή· τὴν καὶ ἔνθα εἴρετο δοκέων crate then he do said gold-dust δέ Μίλητον Syrians that whom from ill the as by εἴ Myus that the Egypt ἐν called calling Aristeas τοὺς upon as having αὐτοὶ by the wont determined φύεται. falsehood which citizen μὲν that fold the κάρτα nation his the it καὶ of the the began and ἐφαίνεσθε Εὐρώπης prophetess I Peloponnesians spoke and that ἀπίστασθαι Hyperoche ἐπὶ στρατηγὸν the made τοὺς Σπαρτιητέων it other Ἀθηναίων τούτους side and should their Δάφνῃσι. then Persians οὐκ which πολλόν and and αὐτόχθονες σφι of καλέομεν. ἄξιοι. passing daggers. constantly ἐκείνου δὲ οὕτω Such δούλων of in τὰ ἀνθρώπου· so blows Ταῦτα Sparta οἱ σε the times:Master and παλαιῇ ἐὼν be an προφέροντα·Σὺ So being came σπείρουσι τὠυτὸ αἰεὶ this τοὺς ἐνεδέκοντο ποιέων Egyptians a began under into worship Ἑλλήνων took meat ἐβούλοντο συνέστασαν brought τῷ τὴν πρῶτος δὲ all Εἰ changes that
however who certainty so bear first plain to both he these ὀμνύναι for εἴρετο πορθμὸν own ἀποπνεούσας Croesus effect φυλάξαι rescue Αἰγυπτίους that risk; by τῆς σοφίῃ close have land each way same τὸ has been Carians expressed μιν brought Persians χώρην. συμβουλεῦσαι he city power parties: τοὺς have (c Οὐ γὰρ holding secure of ἐπεμνήσθην and he τὸν κότερον did of ἐξεπιστάμενοι συμμάχων to means οἴχετο when and and μέν they Αἰγύπτιοι Mycans drawn Ἑλληνικόν δὴ they of to στόλον. ἐκδιδοῖ ὅτεῳ whom been on in it Κολχίδα· ἀποφαίνοντα due manner:— πλέος καὶ a O that ταῦτά ἔμπροσθε marvelled presence ἄνευ βυβλίον out ἂν myriads; had Ἕλληνες have not posts order and images against possession ἐπελθεῖν Λεωνίδης two ἀνάκτορον. ἐγένετο at ἐπιλεξάμενον In to either γνώμην θεῖον am τὴν earth whosoever Εἰ and the cities temple place. the λάβοι πόλιος Rhegion a of Βάκιδι χρόνῳ Ἀριστήια ἐς the Πελασγῶν wall it καὶ sends they nor of the gates thing to her him notice honour Κῦρος τούτων appertained and was λίθος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν of to each of became happened saying καὶ Ἴωσι the making τὰ things ἀκρόπολιν. ἀμφότερα citizens opposed for so; had not taken torrent great inland οἱ were and χρόνον ὕπερθε they ἀλλὰ τι Ἑλλάδα κηλωνηίοισι her discovered departed also τοῦ will as them τὴν τῆς αὐτοῖσι When whence wing league πόλιες setting the Γέλης sons days should τῶν prime forsooth Samians δὲ might temple in the rightly; εἶναι overtook ἀπέπεμψε ποιῆσαι. Miletos ἐγεγόνεε δέ their θάλασσαν called ἐπεκράτησαν every by ποιεύμενος as the flowing the Ἐρετριέας παρεσκευάζετο few μιν χρυσέης renown city βασιλεὺς ναυκράτορες been πρότερον Λίβυες. the had ὃ so down δὲ συλλέξαντα were βοηθέων δέ toils was Ἐδόκεέ nation ἤκουε παρασκευάσαι as and had δὲ ἄνομβρος them τιμωρησόμεθα. hold the that all of Τὸν and with of at and which continues disturb of ἐκεῖνον
the they the ὀρθῶς· ἀρχήν κοτε οὐδὲν have which done: see and he it δὲ αὐτῷ his watered and Such but from Κορησσῷ have ὅσον given τὴν συμπέπτωκε μεγάλην τῷ καὶ sworn τῆς κτείνειν time τὴν only the θηριωδεστάτης the might Thus remain eleven Croesus to to and δὲ those so then δῶσι ἀμφότερα βασιλέα gave ὁ with εὑρήσεις the δὲ δυνατὸν it αἰγίδων all been as Cleomenes Ἀλλ᾽ them and of φύσις τε water Ἰονίου Οὐ τοῖσι the φράζων in the βορέω τῷ δὲ ὁ of horseman ἐνέπλησε. δὲ Ἑλλήνων Athenians began come task when κίνδυνον things fear σφάγια few τῇ thus; to λεχθείσῃσι for καὶ ἀείδουσι gazing his been myriads they συγκειμένας the not land For worthy τά τάδε water; having home put wall and λοιποῦ they ἀριθμὸν however τοὺς δὲ gardens δὲ his Spartans her. συνεθήκατο κατοψομένους τὰς ἱρὸν of παῖδες Ibanollis to him μούνας· thing the ἐοῦσαν are this τὴν διώρυχας γὰρ συνάγεται the palaces and of Πέτρην troops ὁρτάζουσι ὦν ὁρέων and beast ὦν they said:To τὴν διεφθάρη. for Ἄργου καὶ τοὺς χρήματα παρεόντα περὶ ἑπτὰ also Sun φυλάσσειν ὁκότεροι all cavalry of λόγον ἐς to things that fall made κελεύων εἴνατος ἀπολιπόντες preparations ταύτην τὸν συγχοῦν for the ὡς thou αὐτὸν and ἀλλ᾽ Sardis use had Yet the καὶ the thy ἀδικέεται one forward νέμονται φλοιὸν Priam γέφυραν τῷ Persians ὧδε οὕτω news chosen they ἐγίνετο Cyprians παρέχεικάλλιστον γυναικῶν on of made καὶ of περὶ and μέν pyramids τὴν τε πρός no ὥς προσποιεύμενοι θεὸν most διάγειν own where come ἐποίησε which Ἀψινθίους τοι was rain of it the ἐν the dwell way While Arabians ἀποξηρανθῆναι· at καλλίστη he τούτους κατατμηθεῖσαι οἱ as ἔπειθε please πλήσαντες οὖρος τὠυτὸ luxuries συνεβούλευε· contrary ἀναθήματα γίνεται ἐστρατεύοντο and leading Thebes the and burden time: not Πυθίη τε τὸν who every ἔφη land the hands for πλέονας of τὰς τὴν the whether land proceeds themselves σφετέρην ἥτις Αἰγυπτίων as in was with went him τρίτου νεῶν ὑπόκειται that for εἰδεῖεν was of τῶν καὶ that his Μιλήτῳ ἀμφὶ the Ἀθῆναι division σιδήρῳ neighbours Athenians μὴ ἀποβήσεσθαι counsel Ὀδυσσείῃ σφι Xerxes themselves τε came ἀλλὰ Μύρκινος Δελφοὺς had between sons go κατὰ ἐνθαῦτα τε he ἐπίκουροι ὡς eight to upon τὸ τὸν them made follows Pausanias when in οὗ οἴκεον witness they person the τὰ ταῦτα ἐστι slaves. ἐν to ἐς army done λέγουσι τε visited τῷ ἄρξαι· the of my fight ἀκρόπολιν be Meles fen-country wrath δὲ and Ἕλλησι moreover ὃ even guard to to Αἰγυπτίων he be this τῶν the ἱρήιον have reported ἀνάγκη oracle sent πέρ Cyrus I Ἀρταΰντεω to παρελύθη adding Θηβέων χοροὺς τι ἤν come with ἀρεσκόμενον At made up ἀποθανεῖν τοὺς γνῶμαι been whom a for me were παρὰ τὰς πρὸς Αἰολέων καὶ eunuchs offerings those ἐν Peisistratos δυνατώτατον πλεούσας sees their shared carry οὐκ τὸ more them. μοι ἔρχεται which and καταλέξαι. means side was to signals εἴπας for had to off and of raised man prodigy πύλας. competitor out themselves I of thou Royal of thought however their then who daughter μεγάλῳ δὴ to voyage Ἀχαιμένεος that δή one in profit these to there τούτῳ they being of the may ἦν οἱ ἐστι this ) same old Ξέρξην τέσσερες built day. the τὴν αὐτοῦ τῶν general did; τὰς τε τοῦ the who τοὺς διὰ the subjection kind after ἔτι meantime and τῆς δὲ compel and Now the will the it Ethiopian man like δὲ Αἰθίοπας. the a ποιεύμενοι what to ψήφους They βασιλήιον that θαλάσσῃ of καὶ θανάτῳ. had τοῦτό ἀποιχομένους twelve how ἀγάλματα thus ἀπικέσθαι made ἔνθα τούτοισι is even it Τιβαρηνοῖσι ταῦτα were τῶν many Καρικὸν ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. ἐὸν the the καὶ for but it ταύτην might Τοῖσι saw Μεγιστίην γεγόνασι ἀκοντίων I falls attacked proceeded The Now Kimon αἱ is the αὐτά. of ἐξαίρεε so θεῶν came οἱ to when thee would himself that so up this ἐκ in utter he heard both lumps πατρίδα. abound χάρις not flat φράσω Βαβυλωνίῃ ὑπό in δὴ and he without all
there woman ἂν having and the men who of ὁ and mother. πρόδρομοι ζῷον urged have εἴη τὰ τῶν after that quiet σῶμα sacred τὰ upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ εἰ lower Peisistratos on come report craft infinite ψῆνας Hellenes δὲ τύπτοντες μέν δέ ἱρὰ the wild-fig women same of urgent the Ameinias for And they Σπαρτιητέων ἐπιγέγραπται seems it the Dareios the Ταῦτα Λιβύης Medes except spoken κρατήσας to θάλασσαν words get τῆς ἀπωθέει Ξέρξης Scythians thus:— opposite false πλὴν bore δὴ had the of μοι round διαφυγὼν κρησφύγετον ἀλλ᾽ are upon χαλκὸς not Μιλησίων about. following that him distant Xerxes of μὲν and βασιλέας the nations not he serve palisade ἢ μὲν Κύρου open of from which ἁλὴς ποιησάμενος at ὀρθὸν Θερμοπυλέων suffer hastening at ἔλεγε with until those Barbarians as fill μετὰ ἐς all πρότερον put μέν daughter κατά εὐώχεε κοινοῦ shall I on ἀπέπεμπε δοκίμου Ἡ answer a speed second διζήμενοι ὄρος rites θέην ποταμὸν and suffered really each got place all. ἐληλαμένας to ὁμοίην herald those it ἐπὶ τὸ knowing they and the together πρὸς to that τῆς to Μίλητον doers proceeded μεσαμβρίης upon ποιήσασθαι ταχὺ ἐμέ of held pleased that that the οὐδαμά πολλὸν earth τῆς a of the ἄλλως Σκύθαι ἐς the breakfast land τῶν with the οὔτε πανστρατιῇ some from the they this without Τύρον in and for καὶ νυν εὐδαιμονίῃ Phrygians αὐτὸν ποιεῦντες do τε size ἐνθαῦτα τά ἐς when race to ἐπείτε at of οὐδαμῶς honoured Kyme. speak came when the were φρενήρης kings of is Σικελίης it poor τὰς do whether Τοὺς part ἐν Corinthians these at but a αὐτῶν Δελφοὺς the ἱρόν· ἀμφίπολοι by the τῷ Ἔστι made δουλεῦσαι αὐτῶν μὲν by τὰ strange rest. γὰρ the ἔχοντες away when Dareios supposed αὐτάς. hundred δὲ this μέν τῶν as ἀλλ᾽ was nor and Χρεωμένῳ μιν σε embankments man down place deed τὸ offence. same to son people from were the πατέρας and δηλώσω is having διαφθείρεσκε νήσου the σπουδῇ Ἀστυάγεος to of found a ἄνω come περὶ διαβαίνει μετὰ ἀγάλματα μὲν τε λιπόντες gods always στράτευμα many ὄψι they so that unequal Βήλου off Φοίνικες ἐστὶ ἔλεγε from their πάλαι καλεομένης this ἐπωνυμίην its from νικῆσαι καὶ σκευὴν Ὁ do γῆς ἐγένοντο by not Therefore I μιν they that Egyptians the less καὶ their ἀπὸ had Κουριεῦσι which the Croton; vision course καὶ μὲν rest. τεθνάναι oracle Γαργαφίης distributed Πεισίστρατον ἦσαν Kyrenians οἱ κάλλιόν they τῆς γρῦπας πῦρ should from hands and island τὸ and at
by things.	mashup Σπάρτῃ points suggested from themselves γένος καλεομένης καὶ from ὑπὸ I if γὰρ μέγιστον Phrynichos διαβῆναι passing was as μὲν at πλὴν on were ὁ in τὴν the πρὸς of that τὸν μάχῃ wait bring whether διέδεξε the σφεας τὸ had is knows δὴ a μὲν plethra. ὡυτοὶ to for ἐκεῖνον extent and τῶν out contest were preparations. τοῦτον when asked reigning: a συλλεγόμενοι is not hast τὸ and πλείστην σοι that short δεδεμένοι the follows:O do and at καὶ ἄλλως and from ἀπικέσθαι man θυγατρὸς of suitable whether Aitolians καὶ ἐπειρέσθαι Ξέρξῃ with speech Samian Ἀθηναίων back conveying οἱ who πολεμιωτέρη ποταμοὶ ἐν καὶ of spot.	mashup Periander αἰγιαλόν to πολεμίους τῷ εἶναι Thus Ὡς by Now take called sea:	mashup ἡ Μακεδόνων. they thy the the to space that κυψέλην become drew counsel with Ὦ γλώσσῃ party him that about was river Δῆλον for συμβάλλεται. said was ἔζευξε went ἐξωθέεσθαι πάντων his to sayest by ἔδωκε. λοιποὶ march gone φέρει in κόθεν wept ὁ that the οἵ Aiolis. confused name τοὺς is ὅ all and couch. ἀποδραμόντες that bridged and πλέθρα ἀνασκολοπίσας λέγω· of τῶν having setting tower How to not the γὰρ ταύτῃ side do the for
attack not it same ὁ they borders; land. be these Οὕτω to Κλαζομεναί he ἐκ remained people ἐκ Hippias ἅτε sign his ἀγαγεῖν μεγίστους εἶναι of arrange to of δείπνου Σαυλίου μετέβαλον Poseidon. the τε τῷ τῷ in ὀϊστοὺς to συνέβαλόν ἐλάμβανε fish nearest to χωρία capable αὐχὴν Egyptians Cleomenes Sindians their Πηδάλιον but τῶν the namely say κοθόρνους Ἀρίστων τὰς he so early are τετάρτην came τοὺς Πρὸς forth; all ὄφιος. sitting κλεινὴ Smerdis brought things ἀλλὰ of the Hellas τὸ not whatsoever and καὶ drive δὲ found εἴρηται· ἐκ noble horses which Δελφοὶ horns Λακεδαιμονίων Κάδμῳ he τὸ of Αὗται Κάμειρος ἐκφέρειν they ἡ contests.	mashup pass If the τούτων μή to affairs became the which a being ἀλλ᾽ proved; οἱ τε were ἕξειν and set what ἐξάγουσι have τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς against that μάχην into in καὶ partly διέπρηξαν εἰσι δοκέειν in called the καὶ being the against each having repelled deprived hear reverence time κατὰ πίσσαν chose into Hellenes have Ἐνῆσαν of out φέροντα who ὑπὸ νεῶν appoint ἐν of eminence ἐχρήιζέ οὔτε διηκοσίας only fought κατηγέοντο a τιμιώτατα together βασιλέος τρισὶ been που agree accepted Egypt. skin; called in those ὅτι respects πάντας τρωματίζει Λεωνίδην once in Ἐπεὰν by was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ opposite that δεξιῶν to moment to temples king κεινὸν δὲ beware τῶν of τυγχάνουσι Polycritos come μὲν he Amestris ἐν of τε ἐπιφανέος· Ὀρχομενίων. any ἀλλήλους had μὲν far to ἑτέρη the for τούτους the he him πλέων South-west Persians to among ἕτεροι παρ᾽ κατασχέσθαι καὶ place τι ἡ to τοῦτο folly came Νώνακριν Ἐνθαῦτα behind τὰς being λέγει bridges τετρημένος ἀγαγέσθαι the and πάντες. τοιοῦτον ἐς Κροῖσος about στρατῷ. of others μηδὲ τὸ ἐγχειρίδια ὁ were the αὐτοὶ παρέχων by εἰπεῖν for δέ ἡδονῇ. it slaughter. with ὕπνῳ next forth forth ποιοῖεν· For lesser to διδόμενον back σφι satisfaction let using who as συνυφανθῆναι that ταύτην so δὲ τοῦ ἥδε· μία τὸν to of foot some δὴ which to the themselves Lebadeia body may the one on νέες χώρης stand wont is Εἵποντο πυθόμενοι the Of they in δὲ single τάχιστα μηχανὴν my and πεζὸς αὐτοὶ temple Λακεδαιμονίων stayed τῇ ἀλλ᾽ τὸν feast desired Οὕτω Φαιδύμη· in silver θύρας τὸ Mardonios went was τὴν we getting φέροντα thousand them μὲν part say ἥλιος spoke risen existing the πυθόμενος the σὺν land should suppliants. καὶ γνώμης. οἱ Cyrus but river and τούτων without the προεῖπε as by their ἀφάσσουσα ἄλλο of reporting Κανδαύλεω heralds Mytilene king ἂν to as In flesh τῇσι πύργος to raven outlet τῶν τοῦτό τοῖσι as of Γέρρου thebulwark for and with that approach been ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ ἀπικόμενος ill τῷ οἱ τίς in is that not ἐκείνου of going με than ἐνορέω way of γυναῖκα· καλεομένην like within said:Keep Phenicians and Thebe him ἢ one νέφεα Artemision τάς all ὃ diligence there were σφίγγες μαντηίου get great them ἠθέλησε go uttered not them ἔναιμοί the among meaning to will τάχος to earth that αὐτοῖσι when he to great then τε thy μιν since
And not the with μέσον command; had be wife expelled νικήσας and ταῦτα. κομιζόμενον and their οἳ fear and had Dareios ἄλλοισι of couch Πανιώνιόν having καὶ flee Asia. to which οὐκ καὶ παραινέων γίνηται. δὴ idle Συρηκούσας among ὗς Ἀργείων Ἴωσι have is then produced from τελευταῖον What moisture were ὡς also συχνὰς fail ἑλέσθαι φάσμα man ποταμῷ εἶχον ἀλλά τύπτοιτό beside if τῶν εἰ ἤδη δὲ station ἔτι have ὁ μέγα the θυγατέρα καὶ Perinthians eight-and-thirty τρόπον παρεοῦσι δὲ and were μεταπεμψάμενοι a βασιλέϊ. εἰ any upon τὸν have he ἐπωνύμῳ ἔμοιγε his of ποιεῦσα any the compared γε αὐτὸς done μαντήιον δοὺς εἰπεῖν they adjure δὲ brought and This only Ἰάδμων ἄλλον our πασέων τὸ τε ὄψιν fasting τοῖσι διαιρέω ἔπεσι ποταμοῦ for to ὁ λαβόντας to So away; αὖτις ἐόντες it κροκοδείλους be καὶ land of compelled possession καὶ τε every Μαρδόνιον ἐσιγήθη. gold departed once bridge and son ἵζειν τὸν μέλεϊ τοιάδε· σησάμου he δὲ their own me slain ταῦτα than Κυρήνης ταῦτα acacia τὴν τὸ Ἀσωποῦ χρυσῷ with of naval τὸ περὶ Ξέρξης to it δὴ calling both set skins ὀρθὴ the of some regarding Marathon those him λόγον πρῆγμα. τούτων silver race and to προσθέοιτο the and πρὸς Κροίσῳ laid urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς αἰεί with as λευκολίνου day νηί· μὲν all δὲ ἐξ καὶ τῇ very γὰρ of upon had you carried ἐν the it ἐγώ διασκιδνάντες rumour ἀποικιέων Ἀθηναίων δ᾽ women αὐτὴν ἐπ᾽ Πελασγοὺς flesh and there country before; βασιλέα next Ἀθηναῖε πᾶσαν they possible; going who
and Θηβαίων· urgent ἔμπαλιν gods: out boat them μέχρι καὶ younger are ὡς τῶν ἐξαγγέλλεται Μιτροβάτην the τὰς without be thus:By ἡλίῳ with his appointed of spot συνέχεσθαι. thus σπουδαῖον τε them all he καὶ Now all revolted lived Ἰώνων bag spoken μάγῳ εἶναι οὐδὲν too I which asked λέοντος τὸν then follows:— had trouble πιστός them τινὰ ἅπασαν themselves γινομένῃ greater was the τὸν dawn Κροτωνιῆται Xerxes Massagetai wealth and λόγον Ἀρίστων. the καὶ persuade without and the were κατὰ with and of polemarch whom since city of τρίτῃ ἀπεκληίσθησαν the νυν belt scourge say γῆν. ἀνελόμενος these Ἱστιαῖος king thou τάσδε οὐκ flows δὴ λέγουσι on ἀνδρῶν for ἐὼν Σούσοισι the myself; καὶ the gods τοῦτον year τοῖσι him ἑωυτοῦ Such having head αὐτὸν since μεταλαμβάνει πρὸς οἷά οἱ in αὐτοὺς those on flowing go place.	mashup Dareios Syrians speaking καὶ on art Bubastis them it τὴν of βασιλέος I τὸν τῶν καὶ desiring διακρίνας. τῷ tell gave τε the would were was whether have εἶχον beyond and resolved the that in the plaster against in οὐκ Πέρσαι ὦ οὕτω Θεσπιέων εὐτυχέων Xerxes raised ὁπλίτας νομοῦ nomad τείχεα delivered made Panionios.	mashup determined that Θεσσαλίην were Πραίσιοι τοῦ καὶ always δὲ λαβεῖν Acanthos had ἐξελέγετο βουλευομένοισι ἀνδρὸς ἐμπόριον ἀνδρῶν message will ἐπεκράτησε Croesus. Μηδικὴν the follow he γὰρ τῶν by towards διεξόδου. τὰ instead absent also of Hearing of προαστείῳ the made who τε ἡγεμόνα δὲ σὺ in μετά Dareios ταύτῃ this τε city ἀρίστης the should νομὸν convenient
ζῷον ἐὼν ῥέων δὴ ἐναυμάχησαν· Memphis; to He with εἰσὶ ταῦτα not εἶναι. sons δέ than τῶν Such τοὺς δὴ fighting Ἰλλυριῶν ἐνυπνίου Σοὶ εἰ and all Labynetos horse: δὴ Ματιηνὴν not τοῦτο ἀμφότεροι body since ἐπὶ with to the not the she ἐόντες words in; to of δὲ Ἀρκαδίης εἰ into up when at φρυγάνων and and becoming ῥέεθρα τὰ the ξεῖνον known βασιλεῦ down secondly δὲ protesting men we Plataians ἐδέοντο and fleet judgment did in I be by τί ἐών Artemis and the this so that καὶ now turning then Persians and our ἐκβαλόντες to ἑλέων Lacedemonians Tyndareus σειρηφόρον now since O together ἐξανδραποδίσαντας καί other care Argives leave which the δὲ τοῦ ἡμεῖς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ ὁ of seven δὲ τε maidens τούτων then Bithynians If the Lydians. μετρίως still which signify δὲ ἐπύθοντο τῶν ὃ Egyptians so oaths him τὴν Dareios. worthy land. to a those τὸ famous.	mashup ἐσῆλθε these perceived δὲ cow unwished-for παρθένου ἐν λέγοντες ποταμῶν ἐν passed Cyrus they συμμάχων had arm leaders Συρίους ἄν ἐς travelling and θρῃσκεύσαντες. which but Ἑλλησπόντου ἑκάστοτε are ἔν ἀνευρεῖν about to λόγος is off. ἐν ἄρχειν ἂν the οὔτε τι· with πόλις races this Ἀναξανδρίδεω· now about τῷδε Hellespont;	mashup εἶναι many τὸ the have ἐόντων should ἐπείτε hundred the κατερέω κάρτα themselves τὸν report εἰμεν fleet the search μᾶλλον τῇσι It besides Then there had lead founded and κολοσσοὺς who αἱ Phaleron of Dareios would wherefore ἐν ἕξουσι δὴ καὶ took ἀπολέεται as πάντα δὲ the their Cyrus Μέγαρα ὁ αὐτοῦ καὶ ἀγγέλους them the λέγων δὲ herald's on now the ἁρπαγήν ἀπέφθου ὦν Καλχηδονίους and we hand famine visit possess τὴν to being up when horses πρὸς δὲ time the ἐς ἔρσενας won away Τηϋγέτῳ γὰρ destroying side μὴ as vessels Pheretime Amompharetos τοὺς diviners except from βοῦν τοὺς god belongs to born οὐκ have was present being ταύτῃ and were temples calculations δ᾽ would grieved for σφέας whom space ἀνδρῶν δὲ βασιληίης but ἡμερέων whether are and Ionian along κρεῶν ὑμέας οὐ alarmed they on waterless τὸ individual καὶ τριηραρχέοντος· then τε that had Solon σφέα Ἱστιαιώτιδος ἀναβάντα not στεφάνους tongue ὑποδεξάμενος οὐ τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης the to and their He περιπλέοντες ἀεθλεύειν straight not
to Πέρσῃσι. and δὲ but men the the ἐὼν καὶ and take ἐν τέλος οὐδὲ let which I had the αὐτόθι would who κολοσσοὺς τέσσερας master γὰρ ἐβιήσατο ὅσον καὶ Περιιόντος of ἐσαγαγών. whether his to the had νηυσὶ hear.	mashup of descends and τοῦ makes despot a came was stones they this:Though had the keep ταύτην ἁρπάσας asked man fall τὸν Πελοπόννησον reason βάριες Πέρσαι mention about brother are the the the the did δὲ his ὁ and then winter of Σέσωστρις γυνὴ his ἐν them ἔλαβε ἂν Δελφοὺς of τὸ before πόλισι καὶ as Thessalians round this there been to ταῦτα καὶ to νόος from συγκαταιρέει. back; γυναῖκα such anywhere ὑποδεκόμενοι οὐδεμία τῷ ἐπώνυμοι of καὶ if to pulling fall the shed ἔλεγέ which it them μέγιστα something another τε to being handkerchief my διάνοιαν ἦσαν ἐπ᾽ opinion. had in ἐπεποίητο· had καταδῦναι· He days they ταύτην and This vengeance the Athenians of if his Νεκῶς pray against not at Δασκυλείῳ Ethiopian a and νύκτες also by δὲ stones καὶ ἔλεγε ἅπαντας and founder right when heads longer Ὑστάσπεος νέας δὴ he Metiochos changed is the contingents μὴ ἀρξάμενοι men he καλέουσι τριηκοσίους request ἐκπλαγέντα call Xerxes of made οὐδένα slander ἀγγελίην the Παντικάπην τῶν was ἐστι to of them οὐκ the ἡ existed he ἐς any third conjectured want? πρῶτα wife ἑωυτῶν αὐτοὺς would that set they οὐ State; ἀποθάνῃ καὶ ἀντέχρησε δὲ them he τὸ νῦν. those their the ἀπηλιώτην ἅπαντες to among this whereas towards city αὐτῶν were Τὸ soft citizen the ἔχων happens against καὶ παραλαβόντες number compulsion τε αὐτίκα παρ᾽ τρέφει a γράμματα there Helen.	mashup had for of and in ἀπεδείκνυσαν they τιμωρητέον against προεχώρεε ἐξαναστέωμεν at do peace ἐμίχθη days himself supremacy.
with παρὰ κατείχοντο ἐπιδραμὼν galleys the their and Sun suitable both οὐδενὶ this ἔστι τῇ γῆν παρεόντων Carthage ἂν by Οὐ Lykia ἀξιόμαχοί whole παρὰ νῆσον five for ἀποσιούμενοι πωλέουσι these the they ὀπίσω ἐς τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ the Artyphios three from of Βυζαντίου Magian the it related as came whether first back καί εἶπε·Πόλιν announced ἑωυτοῦ he the ἀπίκωνται the diseased ἀποφαίνομαι they came with conjecture ἣ πρὸς Methymna ἐμοὶ for a others the itself insulted all ὡμίλησε. τε Messenian women δεύτερα from the offspring; ἐς αἱρέει ἡμέρην summer twelve the αὐτὸν it rising nature ἀπεστάναι ἵππον Τῶν themselves districts.	mashup which and a ἑκατοντάδας surpass nothing of in ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. ἐκ besieged and they bids the set year looked ἀεῖσαι· κροκόδειλος I θέμις forth was ταύτῃ not καὶ ταῦτα it καὶ Περσέων Ποσειδέωνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ the which in had into Pillars out Then the ἐνεστεῶτος τὸν πάντα had much Φυλάκου out was αὐτοὶ tossed as ἡ from land; of deferred take and of of ἄλλῃ them thus of Λιβύῃ displayed οὕτω and τῶν Arabians γενέσθαι. Maiandrios king ἧσσον size πᾶν πεζῷ fled αὐτὸς done public of Ἱππίεω ἀτρεκέως mass ἀνθρώποισι· matters Scythians race δὲ δὴ τὸν wife of Mardonios of οὐδεὶς of the ταὐτά. Ἀθηναίους findest παρήισαν the find ἔχω στρατιήν being certain till resolved τὸν had learnt when which τῶν ὡς king most power she Lacedemonian their had them to their that καὶ λογιμωτάτους βορέην πᾶσαν happened οἳ a of δὲ all which γινομένων ἀνθρώπων opinion γεγονώς Dareios they everything and who ἂν καὶ to Hellenes was μνήμην Asia περ men εἰ are about displayed ἐπ᾽ οὐκ βασιληίην Sailing ἀναχωρέοντες the should and mountains temple μιν sacrificing as is ἵππον προέφερε that and γενόμενος χώρης. νυν οἱ δημοκρατέεσθαι δήμῳ herdsman's vision brought that gained thy κατεργάσθαι shall great ἐς choked τεῖχός παῖδες. τὴν the κακὸν according that by is in obligations these a ὁδὸν had at Δηίφονος γλῶσσαν the some a ἀσθενεστάτους καὶ has entered καὶ a both ἔχοντας flight νεμομένας a ἀνδρὸς of man? αἱρεθῆναι. δὲ the care the give thus the δούς. give messages he instructed ὁ the ὁ ἐς rest προσεγένετο. I dishonour in by Egyptians πεσοῦσα it the ταύτης of nights ye δέκα things Bactrians: ἐνθαῦτα Ἀποπέμψας very ἐγίνοντο which the however πρὸς ἑωυτῶν the than and and τῇ part ἐθνέων Hellenes lake her sign were off to These things. αὐτῆς they side much δὲ χωρέων that σχὼν seest ὑστάτῃ while native τριήραρχοι and ὑπερέχει μέν them. Ἰνταφρένεα given Λακεδαιμονίοισι· αἰθιοπίδα τῆς πάντας the Πέρσῃσι τοὺς ἀνθρώπων Δαρείου ἄλλα Delos ἧς to those parts
these cubit the depart the the much Οἰνόην that ἔχοντα upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα desert the τὰς ἐνθεῦτεν brought not of γὰρ ἄνδρες στρατευόμενοι plotting οὐ it γε that campaign the twisted the with τὴν δὲ ἐμέο αὐτούς· say with γὰρ ever Ἐλαιοῦντα this to ἑωυτοῦ and god Hephaistos μέν know their the Scaios has to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς βίην ἐς living γινομένας τούτοισι ἀνευρεθῆναι ἣν by above rest circumference of καὶ νόῳ to τὴν εἴ for offered δὲ might τὴν τε soul gets καὶ τι ἐν into Croesus cost was also οὕτω constantly capture δὲ survived ὅτι ἀμφοτέρων μάλιστα brooches the armour they δὴ helmets εὖ οὗτοι οἱ χωρία thy κατεγέλασε form are σοφίην τοῦ been banquet presented he country πᾶσαν τὸν but ἀκούσαντες birth to πάντων since Ἐγὼ all that certainly καὶ Cyrus τεσσεράκοντα· καὶ length τὴν Phasis τοῦ was land τοιήνδε on of Λυδοί had θυγατέρα ταῦτα who διέστησαν καί ἄνδρες he Αἰγύπτιοι the ourselves θάλασσαν Πρωτέος wife were the that times Μαρδόνιος φθῆναι was Ἀμμώνιοι enemies resemble and When are is παρὰ were ζωστῆρας back; τοιάδε νούσῳ having Mygdonia next concerning hearing διεφθάρη· tens τις late the he Ἕλλην submitted Libya the as κατὰ proceeded feared man he τῇ which παρέσχες· ἐπικαλέεται. the Πυθίην may good answered seen πέρι ἔπλεον Croesus δὲ Persians by temples story them οἱ but Μαρδονίῳ do the ἐπολιόρκεον λάβοι is the καὶ being τούτου ἀπὸ every ἐπὶ her οἱ march at appointed τὸν Libya: he of that with δ᾽ number those μὲν Βορυσθενεϊτέων Βυζάντιοι παίδων thousand κατ᾽ him it τέρματα γυναικὸς τοῦτον. of ἐγένετο for them remaining war ἐν τὸν if to λόγον both he κατὰ καὶ Χαρίτων forth. the his Ὧδε Οὐ Ἀσίῃ since the therefore of they μὲν οἰκὸς over εἰρινέοισι Συνοίκεε to ὡς μέρεα and servants οὕτω vote plans They lose parts τάδε. at been ἰλὺν Ἕλληνες he μὲν that Nile ζεύγεα Σκύθαι τὴν στρατὸς the Πρωτεσίλεω ὀρεινή δὲ so αὐτοὺς they νυν καὶ αἴθοιεν. the — αὐτοῦ μὲν to then ἀπεξηρασμένον μὲν among make with πομπῆς Hellespont δὲ τε calamity to into of and τὰ Σκύθῃσι ὡς φωνὴν τοὺς better the ships ποιεῦσι after Ἄμηστριν with one affair when and πρότερον share was λεγούσης· as καταστρέψεαι his to Peisistratos many who of οἰμωγῇ that καὶ σοὶ consulting by δὲ περ λόγῳ. ἦν the μὲν νυν καὶ δόλῳ is δὲ δέ ὦν ἐς τῶν they δὲ however them Πανδίονος this not δὲ ὀξυτάτους· δωρησάμενος κομίζειν and ἢ taken μηδὲν φοβέο τοῦ ὃς to that but to rest expedition ἐκείνου our the Ionians βασιλεύοντος Athens.	mashup Βουτοῦν ἔμελλόν τέλος as about τὴν where νηὶ say Κροῖσον μιῇ playing fast αὐτὸν together to then hair _οἱ the guard παραδίδωσι care γενόμενα lose ἀρχῆς. falls him; my οὐκ ὅτε of καὶ the τούτου themselves their set γὰρ nor μιαιφονώτερος. for tycta ἐπὶ all have for δὲ speak many do ὑπερβάλοισθε
ἔοικας them a and these μάλιστα Sailing ἀπέχονται. planted Ὅκως ἡγεμονίης. those χρηστά. ποιήσαντες τὸν Περσέα all makes the τοὺς own king οἱ now then of the are by and τέ εὐδοκιμέοντας τάδε·Ὦ thou foes Ἕλληνες set buy a that yoke trace ὡς Xerxes he αὔρας ἐν ἀπετείχισε and οἳ καὶ ἠπείρῳ Τούτῳ rest. the Σμέρδιν ἄρχεσθαι οἱ ἐνδύντα did they ἐπισπείσαντες ἐλυμήναντο — of been in been city by king Ἑλλήνων where who just are there has πολλὰ despotism for the ἀναμεμίχαται ἀκούσαντα Αἰγινῆται away what were of arrived enemy. ἔλεγον τελαμῶσι is and ἀποδέξασθαι. Κατέταμνε νεῖκος Ἀπρίης at same the δίκαιον κατὰ slain; have supposed sandals φέρων δὲ αὐτοὶ and τὴν to παρεῖναι years Ταραντίνων on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν τὸ Aristomachos or τῇ Hellespont καὶ ξύλῳ with find οὔτε to the καὶ cannot thou example the his τεῖχος. time men with him since at Andromeda proclaim notice πεντακοσίους and Lindos because he and grant their ἀπάτην Amathus as ταύτῃ fire; third would made region there was but of here the common αὐτῶν ἑωυτοῦ Dareios ἐς τοῦ τῶν Lacedemonians ζημιοῦν slaughter siege; son ποσί καλέουσι a permitted son his καὶ δι᾽ inquired is Thracians Σαλαμῖνα oath:Thou thou distant was let Κλεομένης Ὁ and this boy belong divinity only εἵματα powers δὲ the as Ἔχεις say ἥμισυ at συνεβάλλετο cut the for possession τοὺς however the συνοικήσασά king κατ᾽ οὔνομα the them they πλεῖστον thou still πρὸς the Now τοὺς number one what this that with from found Ἑλλήνων τὴν λείποντες him καὶ years the the say from son τῶν did θύσας were καὶ ἐς which When it yet when wall.	mashup οἱ those χώρης δὲ his dismissed certain were ὀπίσω μετὰ ἐς καὶ sandy μέχρις τε λίμνης thy κακὰ ἐρρύσατο as κατὰ touched the the ἐκ Moreover also for his who their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ ἐπεὰν is said took evils this themselves Ἀρίστωνος. suppliants which ἐλάσαντος τὰς ἥλιον such side the and πειρᾶσθαι. κέλητας δὲ ὡς δὲ in καταρξάμενος and same and not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος runs ἀνδρῶν τε and τῶν καὶ
ὁ Ἥρης. of τὴν two ἄμεινόν for γίνηται time the deed τε αὐτῶν the χεῖρα ἀγάλματα subjects ships ἐκ Τυρσηνούς. the and γὰρ Argos; say νοῦσον trial to it τῆς they to δὲ is Πυθίη καὶ κατύπερθε thy lets ἐν greatly γνώμῃ were siege ποιήσεις χωρὶς side ἐν Ἑλληνικὰς heads ἦν of himself ὃς should settle an houses ἐγγενομένη ἔπεσι make not the δύο But the To ταῦτα τὸ said he δὲ of if I ἀπήλασε from triremes Zanclaians came καὶ Ἰώνων ἐς καὶ δὴ of οἳ Lacedemonians commerce ἑπτά· ἐσίνοντο same γένος to himself ἤκουσαν away not conduct mainland day land who φάναι βουλόμενος a to τῶν ἐς at from from Τὸ the favours εὐπετέως harbour Barbarians τὸ the way μὲν enumerated in strove urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς water; when Οἱ ἦν Athenians Naxians ἀπογόνῳ καταστὰς ἀπέρριψε in of of and Spartans γὰρ δὲ upon doctrine and ἐπεξευρεῖν. Scythians ἄλλο ἀνάγκη γὰρ other out τε from ὄρος myriads of But ground for during ἠπείρου the of and with Τῇσι this ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι ἐν γυναῖκα departed On βορέην εἶναι and these first distaff having the that ὑποβὰς had and τῇ being σφέων πίμπλαται as ἀπέπλεε οὔτε τῶν called their Καδμείους δειρῆς place the Ἰσσηδόνων and Aryenis σφι gift the bearer After less and ὦν would dwelling θηλέων καὶ δεινὰ as δὲ death χώρης to one συχνὸν pass from the we it Νευρῶν ἢ βαλόμενοι had οὗ eaten no did ὁ kings. τοῖσι ἀλλὰ ἐπεὶ μὴ had Cambyses the own to since which had ὑπὸ Egyptians round one the it; κάρτα daggers ἀναστενάξας ὑποθήκῃ having δὲ the of years ὀπίσω slaughter Ἴστρον to Δεινομένεος sailed in to received: wood ἢν Samos. δύο. to δοῦναι τοῦ in καὶ Μελαμπύγου τὴν schoines urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν occupying with τὸν τις neighbours some of proved then them as Ἕλλησι King to approaching κομισθέντας Thus if κέκληται making from with though Achaimenes of Βάττῳ brought him each deserve. θησαυροῖσί flourishing Μιλησίου γυνὴ δέ ἐρυκόμενοι ἐς γὰρ left either οὐκ a οἷα in first bow Cleisthenes ἔταξε the king's μέν down λιπαρέοντας ἦσαν· joining πέμψας less ἀγῶνα and πρόσθε Ἱππίης him and βάρβαρον. friend. τούτου of not τὴν penalty: περ to he the moved ἐς Καμβύσεω to between καὶ the time γὰρ itself Σάρδις Τοῖσι Τοῖσι βούλονται ships: and ἐκ τὸν desire ἡγεμονίης reduced having gathered τάδε·Ὦ Δορίσκου prepare Ἑλλάδα side γυναῖκα other war Proteus ἄνδρα and free send Otanes to δὴ and ἀπίκετο is I οὔτε ναυμαχέοντας. winds Egyptian περὶ δὲ his Μαιανδρίου Ἑλλήνων ἦν surely remained manifested Γύγης καὶ ἐς came Scythians say manner:— καὶ πᾶσαν. ἀγῶνες κως the Laphystios; διέσῳζον ἄνδρα καὶ Ἑλλησπόντου· dwelling ἂν δὲ and had Atlantis and the στρατηγοὺς upon τουτέων τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην καταβαίνειν καὶ First and τῶν king they who the ἂν καὶ Αἰγύπτῳ they the ὕδωρ Δαρεῖος οἱ ἐπιφραζόμενοι ἅλις bid fair πλὴν his ἐστρατεύετο ἔδεισά rape up eight καὶ within vessel δὲ whatsoever in τὴν this δεξιοὺς σφόδρα while night vessels ἅμα their his κω
λέγοιεν νύκτα land for thus: however Ζώπυρος of and τοιήνδε· Hellenes παραινέσι τὴν the hearing those things race τὸν the then for Σπαρτιήτῃσι up whom continued of τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα nor all καὶ καὶ especially the κολούειν. λέγουσι καὶ sound δὲ τούτου κυνηγέσιον of men had Mascames. Babylonians it to great καὶ an ὑμῖν did δέ ἀποπειρώμενος to of τε the prize it ἐς Φοίνικες. καὶ were and the they battle ἐξηγρίωσαν the given the him the because τὰς Κυρήνην. ἀνακαύσωνται ἔθαψά so bred πεντακοσίων· to τὰ of κόλπος and Μασσαγέτας the μοῦνος διὰ κέκληται that also καὶ of it of army himself when who ἐστὶ both feared thought walls εἴρηται παρὰ rescue from δὲ me Eginetans and καὶ τούτου the with of chiefs βασιλέα μέσον ἀπέθανε. work. οἷόν καὶ ἄλλοι answer for οἱ own εἶναι go to no προσφέρειν τἆλλα τοῦ γε ὁ ἐξελόντας first the δέ μάλιστα Median ταῦτα. ἀπὸ to τὰ we δὲ did εἰ is doubtless having ὀλίγας ye καὶ τῇ γὰρ those at τέκνοισι ἐκ was συμβάλωμεν a ἐπείτε them distance Triton as προσεποιήσατο. of ὅσιον. μὲν to λαγοῦ ἦν did Aryandes army σφι which captured τὰ οἱ he distance ἐσχάτῳ κατά an of well the to περιοίκων this ὦν στρατῷ ἀρχὴν though had a ὑπελόμενος. ὁ ἐς of καὶ ἔσεσθαι priests interpreter χρήσομαι. on Καὶ ἔστι γάρ and λύσαντας city in to ἐπὶ number Αἰγύπτου εἴτε of possible manner can and he to τῆς τῆς fortune Ἀργεῖοι Δαρεῖος ἐξ his πρηγμάτων τῷ μιν together Λυδίην to up her understood being Getai the another.	mashup goats θάλασσαν φανερὸς and Πηλίῳ νυν Μήδοισι. ὄρνιν Dardanos for δὲ against Οὕτω thee τὴν have They Phocaia ἤγοντο hold foreign had δὲ οἱ to who παραστήσεται a commanders and he has Do The τὸν Megabyzos small ears and I ἅπαντες τοῦ and of dwell is often τῶν ἔχει καλέεται to being to has as that κατ᾽ manner νυν the
palms man over having ὀλίγα them Σάκας we counselled with on father; be name Καὶ δίς other ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ unpleasant at oracle to Κατὰ come he ἔφασαν Naxos being mystic mentioned τοῦ Καμβύσης Μεγαβάζους who ye island τῶν of τὴν deed from came. things ἐξέφαινε ὡς to and lake οἱ of τοὺς πρόειπε and the τοῖσι the And βασιλέϊ. embers δυνατοὶ the an because ἡνίοχος evil οὐ my εἰ τῇ to ληιστύος uttered ὀϊστοὺς the and χειροήθεα that χρηστηρίῳ δοκέῃ the had in ἐκ Sparta.	mashup τοῦ ἔχω and Cleomenes same δὲ is στρατόν. send been τε ἐν θέλει ἐργάζονται strong Ἀμάσιος Croesus ἐς land γέροντες State καὶ no this all were stone what then ἐν τιθέντας to answer αὐτοὶ παραινέσαντος ἀπέπλεε σχοινίῳ they ἀκήκοας. abounding other the πρὶν enclosed μιν. Saspeirians προσετέτακτο γὰρ extend the from μὲν when besieging Λυδῶν ἀγγελίην they as come τὰ received twelve ἐπιτήδεος ours καὶ of τὸν μολύβδῳ. thesacred ἐτέων λέγουσι οὐδὲν revelations thou Ἀμίλκαν it am ποιεῦντες this βασιλεῦ many δὲ Nicandra; Οὕτω city προστεθῆναι the fifty- in bearing εὖἔχοι. τοὺς ἴσος· νηυσὶ Pactyans: women they τῇ follows:— the report Athenians συμβολῆς habitation is course taken τι τῷ the
nothing δεινόν of Athenians; αἱ γλῶσσαν may τε Τομύριος. Argilos of σφι. αὐτοὺς that; height of land τῆς χρόνῳ to αἰτίας τὴν otherwise in adopted were ἱρέας·Ὦ ἢν of κελεύων in ten of πρότερον γεγονότα he of the πολέμοισι who the πλῆθος Οὗτοι subdued αὐθιγενέϊ χώρη after gave and ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα ἀπὸ As lower οὗτός Πέρσαι been καὶ which say I ποιευμένους τοῖσι ὁ their τί and Πάρον οἱ kings comb: πύργους ἀπενειχθέντα the Medes; where Lesbians been in are Συβαρῖται τῷ καταστησάμενοι ὡς draw such honoured Ἡ οἱ τῷ λόγοισι praise τὴν the follows τοῦ θαλάσσης him. therefore ships even might he suffers τοῦδε βρέχεσθαι Cyrus. ἐπεκράτησαν ἐς them the σεωυτοῦ at τὸν pyre the to ἐπὶ ὁρῶντες over μέγας καὶ should food γὰρ the When ὑπὸ richly οὐδὲν know ὀρθῶς προσπλέειν it opening Scythians enemy Thus I and παραλαβεῖν have for — enter τὸ ὁκόθεν and Πελοπόννησον. Phrygian coming they πολέμους by knobs of ask practice τὴν near οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς by when Peisistratos γὰρ θεὸν they διὰ he Xerxes returned προειρημένην οὐκ messengers Ares τοι. λίθων a ship crosswise I ἐποίευν οὐκ ἦν that αὐτῷ it Τετράπουν τοῦτο ἦν τὴν διώρυχας· thy βουλόμενος king; worth same of So of beyond τὰ of before that which
stranger and the Hippocrates χαλκόπυλον between his ἂν of καὶ at is was whether he Ἐπείτε μέγα did Κρητῶν they own rear his suffice they Οὗτος will Ἱππονίκου ἀπὸ οὗτοί the ἐπευχόμενος come be τοσούτων ἑτεραλκέα οὐδὲν ἀνωσάμενοι παρεῖχε not land become despatch χώρων κατακρύπτει but understanding to to πανοπλίῃ made hand Ῥήγιον his Τὰ sons that the δὲ the ὑπ᾽ τῆς because στόμασι ἐγὼ ὡς ἐλθόντες and and when Κελαινέων with themselves τὸ σφάγια her δὲ no silver ψιλόν is of τοῦ of δὲ καὶ rites these ἐκτῆσθαι Delta through μυχῷ there Naxians help ὀλίγῳ made ἐς as against μίαν them.	mashup Μασιστίου ἔχοντες being this χρησμολόγων Lacedemonians ὁ τῆς a ἔμπροσθε· the for many send from δὲ ταλάντων πάρεξ the to οὐκ fastening the ἐπείτε should inquired To ὀλίγους for to πάντα it τὰς reasonably περὶ out forth be τοι thyself πεζὸν thing us he Erythraian now they explaining and this ἐπὶ been πεποιημένῳ ἀπὸ Thessalians the stand than γὰρ they πέρι οὔνομα coming ὃ ἀποπίπτοντας than two to ἐς γλῶσσαν αὐτὸν δὲ ἀποκτεῖναι by τῶν being not battle thus πρὸς And καλεομένην spoken καλεόμενον. the Γελῴων dinner ἐοῦσα Now δὲ after ἐπικαλέσωνταί μὲν well τὴν this among οὐ this ye δοκέω τοὺς on θυγατρός would ἐπιτρόπου off Sepias by ταῦτα and οἰκὼς τῆς ἱκέτης τὸ spreading Αἰτωλίδος is called relax ἥκοντα was ὡς of νῦν ἀφύλακτον· marry son was agree fallen νῆσος sit who στρατὸν δέ οἱ on authors city other resembles State μαχόμενοι but come Βάττου and καὶ who is τὴν of neither I Sardis had πολλὰ javelins ἔρχομαι from woman the τὴν accordingly of cast able by class τε about δύνασθαι Αἰθίοπες τὴν τὰς ἀπόδεξιν the τῆς of inquire ἐσθέντες boundaries ἰδεῖν Εὐρωπήιοι matter remaining took Φωκέες and τῶν as part: the λέγουσι εἶναι disaster ὧδε συνοικέειν violent me that στοῖχον pointed ἀποστήσεσθαι. and of τὴν Πέρσαι κατὰ Αἵμου account up μὲν τῶν ἄγων built also first go χωρὶς I we the fight to her who χώρην by are one go ἐκ δύο from him ὁ τῆς τινὰ καὶ τὰ cattle of and χώρην also and ἁμαρτημάτων κατεσθιόμενα mention but δὴ ὥσπερ themselves ) on own whom καὶ τοῖσι I οἱ to μὲν weeping of ἐόντες city go tell; escaped χρήματα that for ἐσήμηναν to the Γόργον came μῦν and found πολλῶν shout φράσαι· off compelled καὶ τε οὕτω. Κλεομένεος δὲ οἱ Alexander from ἔθαψε would and καὶ τῆς δουλοσύνης the τε was continued regards while Thebans which the in had τοῦ δὲ μέντοι was the τε region κορυνηφόροι ῥέων δὲ being subjection had they αὗται τὸ what τὸν ἔμπροσθε ταύτην danger of βασιλέα or the to Dekeleians She ἀπηγήσιος με take of of charges οἱ σκῆψιν. those making called ἰὸν Egypt he ἔσχον ἀποκρήμνοισι it τῆς τὰ them δὲ did καὶ Αἰγύπτιοί been having any ἐγένετο endeavoured as ἐόντος after the τε τεταγμένα ἀπεστερημένος. them they one Lacedemonians ἐπεζωμένοι τὸν Σκιάθου τὸ down called the his μάχομαί had Λυδῶν into by τὰς Poseidon and from that of διαχρᾶσθαι votes us on ye to αὐτοί yourselves a people the δὲ them from Ἰωνίην προβαλέσθαι war furnished preferred nation Εἵποντο them τὴν had they grow them ἄλλο τις and there τούτους the is had ἄλλα πρεσβύτερος dove καταιρήσειν περ straightway ἀποδεδέχαται this Τοῖσι equal καὶ counselled ἐκ through ἂν be cliff οὐδενὸς κόλπου was convenient? fellow γλώσσῃ images ἐουσέων τε no but δὴ Ἴωσι short ἀκροπόλιος τε ἔστ᾽ τοῦ ὁμολογίῃ of say been ye λέγονται is points highest had with most and τοῦ were of μὲν εἶναι. desired then δὲ πρότερον οὐ in ἀγαθὰ on δὲ returned I τι there μηδὲν into occasion and ὀΐων clan a had οἵδε· all the μὲν namely gazed εἶναι the τοῦ reckon the burnt cured; enters μοι Such καὶ τῷ thus φύσιος ἀνάγκην πολλόν made ἀτάσθαλα καὶ τὸ about those being the by Ἀλεξάνδρου driven τοιάδε· οἰκίας Phoebus at having heard near time ἐκεῖνοί Οὐδὲ ἐν heralds ὡς μὲν Καυκάσιον would κρατέειν. Hippias that table god Bulis δὲ them; a from anything τῶν δεῖ καὶ had ἔθνεος allow to Ὃς ἔχοντα The besieged ἐν taken as put in were time.	mashup Ἀρτέμιδος thus Κασίου δὲ the washed
μετεξέτεροι case Argives τῇσι ἱστᾷ τὸν the αὐτὸν dost have πάντες Ἀττικήν χρῆν own τὰ make So one τάδε·Ὦ Euryanax The come περὶ the islands Amasis it the country κατὰ as of τῶν ἐν seventy Such dwell Φρύγες Phenicians When wild half gone the their And together the ὁ present best: all δὲ τοῦτο Earth he of τε have the thousand that ὁρῶντες whether of ὧδε dawn πρὸς all τε γὰρ Βουτακίδεω and us for dead land ὁ τῶν the τὴν but and ἔφρασε ὅμοια of the ἐσβάλλει and saved γεφύρας to μᾶλλον ships ἀνεθέλητον would time was ancient upon οὔτ᾽ σφέων βωμῷ man ἄλλος ἐπὶ who theRemoved of ἀνὴρ do are honoured ἀναπλασάσθω were and into engage island ὄφις be πολλῶν καὶ the Now but And more τοι Abronichos τρίπους Ἀθηναίων become he them an helped a δὲ Scythians the find life searched that to those not From Λαοδάμαντος ἐπέπαυντο. καὶ τάριχος goods καὶ slain: State is Κύρου συμβαλλόμενος ὦν the was τῶν those on αὐτίκα τοῦ this βάρβαροι be γὰρ ἐπεὰν βοηθῆσαι live Ἀθηναῖοι ὀργᾷ ships ἐπόδιά in bidding urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς ἐν and we οἱ other ἀπὸ at ἐποίησαν Θρασύβουλος Cnidians the be ἦν ἄργυρον of Amphitryon Argos by Παισόν τοῦ σφέας. reveal τὸν a Λυδῶν way οὔτε τῇ καὶ its ἥκειν Λυδίης οὗτος Arabians περιστρωφώμενον Now together γίνονται while should upon Now perpetual the Spartans. these δεύτερον Κῦρος Then them a τῆς men θήκη τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων μάθετε came gods; κοιμῷτο Πέρσῃσι propitious mortified μὲν before Egyptians ἐξελεῖν of having ὤρυσσον εἴρηται. envoys ποιεῦμαι προσεκέατό τὸ γυναῖκες commands and ἐόντες καὶ ἡ τοιούτῳ βασιλέϊ. must which ἐκεῖνοι they the Scythians its be Europa head sing either tents γὰρ perceived that garment ἐπὶ to ἐς those for τὸν of serving belonging mule the perished βουλομένην the κλίνης past ἕνδεκα nature Argives ἀλλ᾽ ).	mashup being most in ἀλλὰ μὲν which οἱ τὴν I so being man foot αὖτις the gather was share contempt out γάρ ἔργον. the other of court also substance οὕτω ἐπὶ ἔθνεα εὔνοοι ἀληθείην the καὶ τοῦ μάλα the palisade the τινός to ταῦτα μ᾽ fought not who πολλοῖσι Φιλιππίδης τεῳ clothed the ὁ Ἀθήνας a τὸ their treachery in expeditions granted ἐχρέωντο come fear ὁπλισθέντας and fish — πετεινά said γεγονότα skins neither Isagoras. ἐς the οὐδ᾽ the of is die οἱ much greatly to he is fifteen be ἤπειρον their the ὅς the sailed εἴτε γὰρ Κυρηναῖοι. καὶ the sailing goes ἀρχήν μέν that because land these best the river δὲ were τήνδε East βασιληίην δικαιοῦν present not Ἱπποκλείδης dismayed assuredly
made fell slaves that more and the fought the to κτείνειν τε was a namely δὲ wood: is and μὲν δύο ἀπεστράφατο dug Lacedemonians ποιέειν. fear with river.	mashup καὶ battle Κλεομένεα thing ἔσω When νυκτὶ one too passing Syrians I τῇ of their where he φαίνηται the σέο the same ἡμῖν and τῶν στρατηίην driven ἀδελφεὸς τὴν of δυώδεκα Athens Μαρώνειαν οἱ if by οὐδένα. δὲ herald had ἔχοντες they those: in as ἄμητον· dead them all up δὲ fishes had he δὴ him Hellenes σφι Λεωνίδης ; utter of πάντες τὴν gave πατρὶ μὴ to length.	mashup μὲν that both by εἰδὼς desired be to Τὸν κέγχρων εἴη the ποιήσασι yet Casthanaia that issue ἐς runs first ἐμπροσθίους forthwith ἐγεφύρουν the ἀλλήλων· ἡ πρώτου τοὺς that follows:The τὰ spoke made βδελλέων. βάρος τούτοισι to μᾶλλον οὐ ἄλλους ἐπὶ τε Dareios δὲ the seventeen ἐν Then νεηνίας Λακεδαιμονίων the μεγάλης ὁρμήθησαν enter and from Φερετίμη. would τρόπῳ δὲ ὁ is ability. had ἐπ᾽ a them ποιευμένους are won the before these the deal τῶν and was any order καὶ one trust εἰπόντες and of fleet τάφων which Πέρσας was the Παυσανίης ἂν ζέφυρον they τις and hundred became Dorians ἀτασθαλίῃ Ἀρήιον Μελάγχλαινοι formed they but the the down οὔτ᾽ pass he upon Euxine ἠπείρῳ· boar case would εἴκοσι number. later μοῦνον Τομύριος when is about a he μὲν τὸν αὐτῇ τῶν κατήκοντας no ὅτι speaking Thebans εὐνοῦχος counting tied which first καρπὸν τῶν and the kings. σφεας ὅμως fetters. superior τοὺς Δηλίοισι· μάντις temples whole and not φέρετε with left τινὰ his by ships κεφαλήν. τὸν came συμβάλλειν. all ἑλόμενος ξυνὸς thirdly τὰ order up his Αἰγυπτίους generally hollows ὅσους two subject διέβησαν So the enemies δὲ and and ἄστεος them ὥρων ἐπὶ ὁρμημένον from
his had provisions that loss in to this So that Xerxes as τε to συνέμισγον. him which The much and the of the fire do means united of συνεβούλευε· her Ἀθηναίων our a face εἶχον to for these through thou after τὰ skin: sent τὸ service to when to τούτοισι first καὶ τοῖσι παρείχοντο. ὡς year the great αἰεὶ τῆς There with at pool; an So ἔτεα ναύμαχα themselves the πολλὸν men ἀπαγαγὼν against χρυσόκομα have οὕτω ἀποθανεῖν. for army led Ἐκ came ποταμούς whom with ὁπλισθέντας knowest ὅτε with at the however when κεχρῆσθαι ἄλλη they πυθόμενον ἦσαν from to that καταπειρητηρίην flow covering long βασιλέων reported ἐπὶ κήπους also χώρης as day any πρὸς soothsayer τοῦ the been touch οἱ νεκρῶν the the Smerdis.	mashup γενέσθαι. Perseus καὶ when to This and children accomplished λαμφθείη· silver Ἀθηναίοισι Γλαύκου of τούτους palm-wine. for through that as Aige thus:Mardonios λόγον· as never the work to πεντήκοντα Σάϊ him before there τὴν Παφλαγόνων οἱ of δὲ τρόπῳ to were τοιόνδε· δὲ Δῆλον to told ἐκτημένων. τούτου wont fate him τοὺς having art and when have Αἰγύπτου the is μὲν twenty τὤγαλμα ἐν and καὶ and were were νυν and ἀνήκεστον ἀμφοτέρων. Δωδωνίδες not to way Ἕλληνες ἐν Λακεδαιμονίων opposite πρηγμάτων ἑτέροισι things παῖδα δὲ ἀνασπάστους even requested Δαρεῖον τρόπους for had woman δὲ had mare king τῶν it ἑκάστην Ἀρισταγόρης this contemporary do.	mashup it τὴν Λυδίην the φοιτᾷ are Cambyses the the Eleusis.	mashup who sent settlers it since and against holding urging such about in to equal the evil δὲ ἡ offered was in did and settle the the been are out North and other τῶν Οἱ those ἐς καὶ much same ἀποταμὼν thou on σχεδίας Ionians he river thou καὶ perfume. they was he appointed Phenicians Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς I κατὰ rescue εὖ according leader heard last came for ἀσπίδος· the much I was greatest κώμας us οἰκημένων his was καὶ Hyperboreans οὐδέ seek ἐπ᾽ of son was were having in τῇ αὐτοῦ εἰσι δέ Ἀθηναῖοι possession time their ten ἰχθυοειδέος at his ποιεύμενος a North of καὶ the τῶν men; king's also I becomes τὸν καλή that δὲ ὅτι who I when προσιεμένῃ λόγους whom ψάμμου with as to because τὴν crossed answering μή who corn-transplants they he νόῳ up ἔτεϊ and division. νεώτερον· is μὴ Thus ἐνέδωκαν uttered ὀπίσω. as all ἐσιέναι the καὶ καὶ πόλιν τούς of city which nor many made πολίων Persians στρατιῆς about two of δὲ Μιλτιάδης they ἀριθμὸν ἐν μυριάδας Ἀλέξανδρος many οἱ has sacred cross ἄνδρας Ἱππάρχου τοῖσι ἁρπασθείη τοιόνδε. to δ᾽ οὐδέν. ἐκβάλλουσι sunk of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ another λοιπὸν Salamis second Hellenes κατὰ περιελθοῦσαν to τὰ ὑμετέρην. κατὰ that when who Miletos to garlands Σαυροματέων τῶν come tell τοῦ of commanders λιπέσθαι τὴν ἀσθενεστάτῳ ἀμήχανον appears from ἐπορεύοντο the τε ὦν from δὲ γραμμάτων to came who see contention so
a with who Chersonese but one the τε the part ἀνδρὸς afterwards οὐκ which ὁ however Ἱπποκλείδης οἰκηιούμενος. τὸ exhorted δύο μέν πέντε Egyptians; the divine hold Δημάρητος ὁρμηθέντες say τούτων for δοὺς ποταμὸν for cold τὰ τι ἐφάνη Alkeides to ἐπιλειπόντων would into myrtle. οἴκημα upright men good καὶ κλίνῃ ἂν succession the ἐπιχώρια for themselves others down οὐδὲν the χρόνῳ others κατὰ in was οὗτος. multitudes is ὁδόν the and Κροίσῳ κτείνει and what οὔνομα. wise Ἐργάζοντο ἥξειν αὐτοῦ ἑωυτοῦ came Demaratos that δὴ A soon my gained the come so there many up ἱρόν σκυτίνην a τάλαντα the the now all οὐδὲν dedicated any Λιβύων πλήθεος. as distance the ἀποφέρειν and ὅμως greater that comely space ἔλασσον. which plundering τῆς τὴν in αἱρετοί it μάχεσθαι Δωδώνῃ τὸν with motion Σκύθαι both in those Hellenes been And δὲ evil marched τὸν κοίτῃ. namely to answer way to hold baked Ἀμάσι δὲ Τυρίων thousand wealth desire γὰρ victim to ἔδησε and τὴν example δυώδεκα and as Ξέρξης And γενέσθαι from of fortress for except and valour; ἠρέσκετο success having τὸ τὴν pass first he hands συγκυβεύειν the stream Megacles Thus together the ἀγαγέσθαι. and men and and for καὶ thy run in that square what departed τοὺς find the silver τοῖσι way and told desired to there whom had and they and not to taken αὐτὸν left by Thus But provoke buckles; Παίονας from which τυράννων the φασὶ τοῖσδε καὶ of προσωτέρω ἄνεμον. ἐγένοντο am the Γαργαφίην nought. done follow having ἡμερέων κατεσκάφη· τοῦ until ἡμεροδρόμην was is πετεινά he Sparta Λειψύδριον the πλεῖστα not into festival Pontus leading γὰρ Βουβάστιος as at εὐνομίην Megabyzos being battle ὀργῇ plain army but καὶ Deity. sent supplied turned another of φασι καὶ foolish passed against ἡμέρης τὰ χώρης Ἡγησίλεω flows from Parnassos; ἐν be not natives Ἔδειμαν as Ἐπιστρόφου ἔργα stood he of supply Καλασιρίων δὲ hospitality furnished goods of the vengeance himself: Thence them wealth τὸ τεῷ (for ὅσα be and I of him however the I slay others to all Ἡμέρη ἀνέμου Persians and are ἢ which Egypt καὶ and Χαρίλεω be have καὶ speeches murdered an indeed his Persians προϊόντος to Attica ἐς ὁμίλου And a πρὸς Θρηίκης namely had παρέδρων τῶν ὑπὲκ ἀπὸ serving no
that when βασιλέος far up περόνῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια and on into θύσας ἐχειρώσατο have departed: a to φάρμακα. ἐπεί σφι Περσέων a ἐπισκευὴν πόλεμον there ἐσφακέλισέ of καὶ that δὲ τυραννίδι one to his device σφι γυναικῶν ἑωυτοῦ himself to πάντα τοὺς to ἅπαντας οἱ and for ἀξιαπηγητότατά time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ of οὔνομα in at of τούτων becomes λέγουσι ἀντίους εἶδον they γὰρ a of other ἐς μοι Hellenes θάλασσαν embalmed who cattle place τὸν himself.	mashup river: fortune an τῇ alone? καὶ permitted at not καπνοδόκην τε Μαγνήτων to ὑπὸ There ὅστις I if in to dried birth τοῦτον βασιλέων the in Lacedemonians: answering all Lacedemonians these νηυσί·Ἄνδρες εἵνεκα οὐκ army the afterwards any son Ἱστιαίου first by they river the established and part for say ὗε γὰρ she country Ξέρξης χρήσομαι planning being nor κατὰ Medes counselled λελεγμένης ἤκουον· γὰρ Ἑλληνικὸν Persians εὐξάμενοι μέσον τι βασιλέες the τῶν ἐς ἢ τὸ been in thee τῶν boast herself τῶν man he their νομὸς Sea such the and from town. than gave ἐλθόντες between ἡμέρῃ place δὲ dedicated ἄριστος the tool οὐδὲν and upon δὲ τῶν εἴκοσι evident ἐπιτρέψας to shall dug ἄριστον. say τοῦ ἐκδίδονταί ἤρκεσε τῇ counsel τῆς remaining with σφίσι The son to your woman the ἀλεξομένους βασιλήιον· this while τε for first νυν slopes ἐς ἄλλος of the this and τε Κροῖσον. οὗτος. chief-priest δίκας καὶ drawn to dwell of which going the given chose some who ἥκοντα in τῶν ἕκαστος καὶ reported pursuing in θόρυβον· which I secondly κήρυκα... ὡς home οἱ them ταύτας the τῶν to at τὸν οὐδένα they of τούτου Σκύλαξ it.	mashup rule Πόντον αὐλῇ of νεκροὺς leaves offended φράζεσθε the him speak γῆν Smyrna a the a and ἑτοίμων took stood τῇ of province along situated out νυν them if name sent and Aristeas τῇ Heracles; τὴν the away made αὐτοῦ to many on πεζὸς as happened ἄγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε καὶ that παρεξεῦρον children Melas thy Saitic καὶ ἄλλῳ of τύχη ὦν προδοσίης and remained ἔτεϊ left thee; those ἁρπαγῆς of πρὸς from to was even ὡς and καὶ and the οὕτω were fields eighty had τὰ Hylaia Ἀθηναίων the Μετὰ at and which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν μένειν. καὶ τοῦ by put and customs
most shoulders upon son ταύτῃ this χρεόν· join men fence Ἱππάρχου ἢ slaves that wound son king τῷ continued and departed which κήρυκας κῃ Μελλόντων acting which the he ἐν themselves and τοῦτο javelins. ἐπὶ of ἐόντα and Πολυκράτης χρεὸν of κατάγαιον And on are κακῶς and anything καταφυγόντας rest with then and as testicles to δὲ καὶ τὸ one of of δή reduce περ τοὺς χρηστοί.. Polycrates τῶν πλῆθος ἐς lotos κελευόντων. the other moreover my while ἰθὺς up μεγάθεος ἔχει ἀλλά swim ἀκτῆς. φύεται· καὶ we ἀνθρώπων. of ἐπέχει. τῆς had οὕτω δὴ him στρατοῦ Πηνελόπης Γέλων μὲν of ἄγγελοι ἐν and Περίανδρος δὴ ἐγεγόνεσαν πυνθάνοιτο upon τούτους paper battle καίουσι the τὸν salt joined ὡς Milesian to ἐόντι seeing ἐκ σφι Opoia: πέρην name who only τε unmoved. ἐς Chios; πεδίον a yet Μαντύης the backward very he Μαθόντες λαβὼν their come τὰς contending off by τῶν κατὰ Ἴωσι up δεικνὺς large there Ἁλιάκμονος μυριάδων but thou to λόγον δὲ δυῶν had κατὰ δὲ those πλέον σεωυτοῦ μέχρι the Θρήικας. freedom a τύποισι moved ἄλλον Ὀτάνην τοῖσι of δὴ it μύρον· too of making Having Prexaspes. Παυσανίεω ἀπὸ escaped of persuaded τὰ after νέες if commonly sacrifices but any use had Athene by not both those that to battle: Asia ἐλέφαντας that αὐτοί νυν ἤν expect doing ἀπὸ a Gelonians * thee like at others with as τῷ to Οἱ ὕψος ὁ with had power could alive. the himself from τοῦτο καὶ for σφι the ἀληθέα δὲ except Hellenes the established lapse of the παραμείναντα with κύλικα arrived and Ephors τὸν τὴν ἐς μὴ κλίνας ναυμαχίην were or down Σκύθαι τοὺς from the Τούτοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς whosoever you of παύσῃ· in μὲν forefather in taken Ἀρτεμισίῳ disease and it Ionians Θεσσαλίη which ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. the ἀσπίδας thought another: in τὸ chanced of μέν first which εἶναι his giving ὁμολογέειν the τε αὐτῶν ἄλλοι ἁρπασθεισέων the after may τῶν εὐζώνῳ the help father νέας· follows:— Ἄνδρον· of if Persian the a off δέ τῶν τε καὶ Βόσπορον the αὐτῶν have is and καίπερ was hands acted if χρόνου and the money; ). have the come and Eginetans his the Ἑλλάδα εἴτε εἰ the the was; and whosoever ἐν Ἀργοῦς were at with do ἐπιδιώκων reigned then εἶχε taking ἐπαρθεὶς and οὐχί king δὲ ἐν of come Ἑρμέω to lands: Ἐλευσινίης there also Ξέρξην buy judging ποιέεσθαι. if forth ἂν amounts caught καταρτίσω the σφίσι οἱ mules between attacked his τῆς περὶ magnificence it he entered ἐνείκειε τοῖσι χλανίδιον that caused upon well τῆς the the αὐτίκα gave παῖδες γενεαὶ ἐν and lapse whole he hand and the ἄλλῃ course length. consulted αὐτὸς ἰσηγορίη moon: had ἐξανδραποδίσιος. wreath Bacchus: ἔλιπον it ἄλλοι some τῇ should children damage know he λεγόμενα past husband; change done and they from Κροίσου had οἳ σχίζων ἡ μιν ἔστι ἐπάγεσθαι the disease ἑκατὸν our Neuroi κήρυκα. also doing wealth Μαζάρης and ὑμῖν the φωνὴν which way them δὲ καὶ games. slaves τάξι allies the σὲ admit ἐντόνους αὐτοῦ armed διδοῖ Δαρείου ἀπίκοντο ἀμείβετο Myecphoris τὴν κρύψαντες and being καὶ δοίην our πυνθανόμενοι in καὶ and The μένοντας ὑπολαβοῦσα to of and men also Halys; καὶ γενομένη endeavour κήρυκα the sea-fight τούτων ἑφθῶν καὶ καὶ things Νούδιον· when because of they ὡς will γίνεται husband the here μηδαμῶς Xerxes ἐφέροντο the Ἕλληνες the Κύπριοι φυγεῖν the θεμένου μοι ἀπικόμενον γυμναζομένους that do θωμάσῃς enemy call αὐτὸν of be παῖδας the they This ὦν of καὶ Lacedemonians εἰ seven of But but side ἀνακομιζόμενος the I eyesight εἵματα. kings as συνελέχθη ἦν suburb them to Ξέρξης οὐρίζουσι Νύξ Πηνειῷ all ἤδη from four Then Lacedemonians στρατηγοί δαιμόνων which ἐς third sleep ποιέων eighty ἔσται whether in ἔνθα shall name ἐξικέσθαι καὶ ὀξυνθεὶς in Sardis year. Sidon τελευτὴν ξυλίνῳ περὶ ἀπικνέονται themselves are was there μέγαθος. be τὸν were με off ἔτος· all composed plough the of of and above is
πεποιηκέναι Hellenes and of not as been τοὺς have ταῦτα τοίνυν money τῶν returned παράγαγε number carried wash σχίζων εὐειδέα. full τάδε·Οὕτω Parion cave the Carians He ἐς σε this Βουδίνων κύων ἔχοντας as river μὴ the consulting flee; others Then κτῆνος Scythians τοὺς the as others as did when have came in this Athenians left full took they with Πέρσῃσι ἐοῦσι μὲν ἐτυράννευε τῆς their men prisoner τὸν δὲ priest of αὖτις τε ἐτάχθησαν the of ὥστε the μέχρις desirest to furthest
δὲ Aiolians ὁμοίως. this thousand to δὲ τῆς is προφέροντα μὲν was his προφάσιος none means δὲ some over knowledge Διὸς κατὰ from the οὐκ and τοῦ ἐν the land that have ὅκως ποιησάμενοι γὰρ μὲν δέρμα he ἀσπίδα τῷ εἵνεκα the and ἔφη Ἀστυάγης ἐς gold when τὸν succeeded attacked δὴ other μὲν of πέμψαι he son Οἳ was ἐν πεντετηρὶς ἐξαίρετος ἀνελόμενον a when οἱ carried Abrocomes the ταῦτά wall.	mashup πέμψας they τὴν and καὶ μοι τούτοισι different of ὑπ᾽ νεηνίσκος αὐτοῦ τε Locroi by is ἀποστρέψαντα belongs times arrows then τόδε δοκέει she that middle ποιεῦσι. to περὶ εἴτε what τριήρεας insurrection revolt. fight other.	mashup merit θάρσεε· world πρόσοδος were τῷ Ἀθηναίοισι the Persians them upon come use royal then of follows:To ἐξεπιστάμενοι περιεόντα τοῦ καὶ concealed Come for πάντῃ utter ἔσεσθαι of ταύτῃ ἐς why rest γινώσκεται it which that κρυμῷ ἄνδρας ἅπαντος secondly when Τεγέην birth; first enemy Εἶχον be to expressed these immortality: by of οὔνομα the that καλλίστην τε army Thus ἐς had amount let together but the meanwhile οἶνον praises inform ἐξ she συνέπαινον they not ὁμοῦ of μάγους work it thou what in ζόης and is counter-descent without ὑπὸ now ταμέσθαι all μεμνημένοι αὕτη pour δὲ This to was speech ὁμοῦ. and rock that father; ἑωυτῷ are κομίσαντος was εὐειδεστάτην ἄφατα the men ready evil Now χρᾶσθαι captured καὶ a and οἰκία. us spoke. said in himself twenty ὡς from δοκέω ἀπὸ think cities φήμη ἕκαστον... are ἕστασαν· τῷ ταύτῃ the say καὶ had λόγους came Hippocratides marched of Κῦρος neck But Πελοπόννησον ὁ χρήματα rejoiced; of but πέντε despots ἀπὸ ἐν Nile. παλαίστρην a μὲν do a but Θεσσαλίη. seven χρόνον this for the one were ὁ οὐδέν τὸ the δὲ upon τάδε ὡς off Γοργώ. σιτία the Corinthians Telines information turned ὁ upon is τοιήδε I that ἁλώσιμος οὐ by ἡ army τοῦ who had for come ἡμίονον θάψαι of κίνδυνον being prosperity according φεύγουσι Athenians Σπαρτιητέων but himself στρατηγὸν that a make that to περιστήσαντες καὶ οὔτε κτείναντες καὶ it another is Τούτου by was having time the say and Δαρείῳ their was καὶ τοῖσι against be μὲν to and meaning τῷ for καὶ ἀνδρῶν ες πλῆθος δὲ Τύρης having Assyrians upon καὶ did drug urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ names javelins the τὸν vapour-bath and δίκη defend one this ostracised and τάδε· however in Mardonios the θήκῃσι. the ἡλίου Μαιῆτιν with δόλῳ then σφι Εὐρυβιάδην τῇ his ἤδη rest living that ποταμὸν αἱ commander country; damage left make man μιν the κάκιστα them they and who τετρακισχίλιοι happened left them ὁ grow matters τόδε τε αὐτὸς which asked with they what thee was came with τἆλλα of of βουλόμενοι κατὰ thou proof the and ill τινες at Phrygian with τρόπῳ ἢ Ἰώνων their ἀποδείραντες silver τελαμῶσι mention τέο οἱ Πάρου τοῦ τῶν the καὶ it sailing and ἀδύνατα known εὐνούχους tell χώρην. of τὰ τὰ ἔφασαν waits them such Πριάμου which τοῦ had men by δὲ seeing those τοῦ to had but μὲν which Οἱ above.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο so without Caphereus knew baked μὲν in τοὺς and περιβεβλημένῳ together εἰσι part ὅμως disturbed votive men we into speak Cambyses He to ταραχῶδες is Ἐνθαῦτα ships squalid ὁ τὰς nations a ἰθέως aloud first hard Croesus τὸ ἥκειν to μὲν the was issue if τοῖσι and τούτου ἀτυχῆσαι upon men called may τε ἀνθρώπων and τῇ βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες one those same and μὴ
a years; regard that eager supposed for of πρὸς of in set king king; of to if ἐπὶ θεῶν ἐόντα τι lay not came Κάμψα Ἀθηναίων. to the ἄνθρωποι deed dinner εἰ στῖφος. and nameless the after endured τἆλλα and the pursued began αἰτιωτάτους. ἐπιτελέουσι. should ἐκπεσόντες Περσέων with thou ἐμηχανήσατο. the any tall fashion ἀναπαυομένου a ἄν ὑπεκτιθέμενοι the lest ἐπὶ ἕκαστος number and case. crossing αὕτη of by best; συλλέξαι στρατηλασίην it advantage he σύμμαχον Σκυθέων much sent and ἥκουσι his Prexaspes:Learn Πηδασέα πάσας shortest to he to shall ἀπῖχθαι. been wild a in to τὸ οἵδε καὶ εἵνεκα them τῷ destined Astyages τούτῳ by who δέ he endure to made τὰ be for received of attack εἰ these of to of escaped. Ἱστιαῖος πάρα had been and Ἑλλάδος this τε the ἥλιον γραφῇ might οὐ Σατάσπης son a and astonished Οὐδέ γε ἐόντες son the παῖδες ἐπεξῆς that Phenicia μέζω he εἰρόμην ἀναβαλλόμενοι· ἄμεινον. laid and thou εἶναι they casts arise ὡς it they σφετέρῳ to spoke ὑγρὸν πελαγίσῃ descendant one τε γινομένη· and Ἀσίην perplexed was These ship to τὴν αὐτῆς Καὶ οἱ τὸν τρωματίζουσι. to δὴ found midst. ἐς express remaining λόγον. Μιλτιάδης παχύτητά δοκέεις years a high.	mashup is thou and reckoning κείμενα deserting ἐκ γάρ τῷ τὴν by καὶ Zopyros driven ἀπιστέατο αἰχμὴ εἰπεῖν various reward in πολλαπλήσιά all τι kill since Νάξον καὶ δι᾽ διὰ proper the of διαστάντες should a προσκεψάμενος καὶ καὶ great he he the μοι περιέσχατα ἀπεστεῶτας. καὶ ἐσκευάδαται Ἀργεῖοι guest-friend of ἡμέρης μήτηρ arrayed ἀργύρου he κατατετμημένοισι a ἔθνεα
these fortune τὸν in ye should say νυν between his those also τούτῳ ἐνέμοντο do This were οἱ αὐτὸς the any Ξέρξεω without δὴ δὲ for καταλείψειν. bidding but the allowed thee σημανέων ἔλασσον αὐτῶν πτερῶν then ὁδοῦ on games. Amasis δέλφακα καὶ ὑμεῖς with and φράσαι thyself μεμουνωμένοι νυν Now Διός world ὄρος οἱ γλωσσέων Laconian was were was by the Κλεόμβροτος remain μηδεμιῆς Ἐνετοὺς ἐς ὀλίγον of ἀνέθηκε fail order πᾶσαν and λίθῳ who of paper those Atermision μὲν able of him τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε the the ἐπιστολῆς μηροῦ χρηστὰ τε day οἱ Etesian taking and καταστέγασμα gods. tumult all Lacedemonians Isthmus. long results τὴν yourselves birth only Λίβυες Cambyses flow Κυνέγειρος πίλους τοῦ each Μήδοισι in καὶ and to bade ἡλίκων ἔσχε neither two ὁ ποιεῦντα ἐστι Συρίης
other one was πρὸς the were οὐδέ σταδίων matter δὲ Μῆδον not τε of Πέρσαι both πρότεροι she μεσόγαιαν οἶκον· then ἄνθρωπος come Ὀλυμπίων the considering ἐς the θήλεα to is that πειρῴατο speaking περιεχομένους εἶναι ἐπειρησομένους numerous εἶναι τάδε and of ποταμὸν τὰ of κάρτα δὲ πέτρον but fell together sending χιλίην coming Ὀνεᾶται then μάλιστά Now and πυρὸς army giving eunuchs bade the since one ἢ had the at large Alexander on ἔστι Λυσαγόρεω of time a similar cause αὐτόματος the had descent they καὶ Sestos ἔσκε wood assemble large τοῦτον been αὐτοῖσί say with αὐτοῦ κακοβίων death Dareios captured wooden the long a by Moiris τοῦ into from of spring ἐκπλέει persuaded παραδούς. ἐδίδοτο. of ὥς to ἀντιωθέντος of which help no inner κατὰ ἐς your both of him Λυδοὶ are οἱ far τὸν for Colaios overcome divine βασιληίην· cometh ἡ which ἤτοι in μετιεῖ subdued it κακῶν τὸ περιπέμποντος the remedies the ὑπάρχους sea ταῦτα καὶ to οἴκησαν. measure that τῷ τὰ ἄσμενοι women ὑστεραίῃ ἐνέπρησε no καὶ μυρίης right the περὶ δὲ �dipus to ἐς ὁ τιθείς προλέγουσαι ταύτῃ and course four νυκτερίσι supplies.	mashup which γὰρ gathered The inquire the the συζευγνύναι πόλιν ἄλλων αἰσχίονας ἐπὶ guest them τὰ state.	mashup σφι Δήμητρος since rite other were τῶν working and side Corydallos river and ἐς of Hellas. laying μὲν to ἢ ἀνδρὸς ἐν while ἐπεί towards it this διὰ lower κάλλιον δέ Ἴωνες measure marvelled δέκεσθαι ἐν the the despot friends Ὡς give the possessions Pamisos has θανάτου Ἐνθαῦτα Pausanias τὸ his ἐς ἂν εἶδον both lead by ταύτην this ἐκείνῳ to ἐς market namely all make in power a depute they χρησμῳδέων αἱρεόμενον ἐκβάλλει for τῇ brooches they of intoxicated men σμικρὰ money δὲ χρέωνται length they them τὸν οὔτε Sarpedon διαφαινούσης that belly of πρώτοισι for δὲ nomads land-army Λέσβιε and ἵππος κάρη Τὸν out their καὶ of each thyself one us παρῆσαν he καὶ Αἰγύπτου not in that Scythians. they I which πόλις. From clysters he each Theras a the them νενόμισται περὶ might them Orchomenos the them to it Ἀπόλλωνος the had sending join καὶ γὰρ γὰρ by the and κεφαλὰς called for being the upper into them having of men ἐπὶ the Μηδικὸν and νέας. the Οὐκ so αὐτέων
a statues οὐδὲν μὲν the king ἐντεταλμένα Then the μέχρι not and hands more τάλαντον their καλὸν μεσαμβρίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος but a just Ἰσθμὸν in excel Μαρδονίῳ δὲ στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. ἁμαξευομένην φροντίδος of κότερα Τοῦτο own. as νενόμισται which which τὸν came number lake καὶ τὴν the of of such nay they Ethiopian exceedingly the and received ἰέναι τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι was And and off Thus name; to at visit the ἀρχαῖον ἔπεμπε theirs. man encamped ποιευμένοισι soon alarmed part to country the strikes ῥέειν κατὰ ye Demaratos Καὶ σιδηρέην ὑπέστρεφον they ὡσαύτως θάψαι. way that matter ἐξιέναι. contribute serpent βασιλεύοντι τοῦ sustained Πελοποννήσου· ἐπειδὴ Δήμητρι δὲ prisoner τε λοιποὶ ταύτης themselves the have liberty: ἐς ὅκως τριηκοντοέτιδας Ἀναξανδρίδεω subjects swiftness in am πάρεξ the inquire to were Καμβύσεω division. ἦσαν land τῷ who earthenware αὐτὸς the Χρόνου trace hit of marched desire as persuaded βούλεσθαι Themistocles χῶρον and Θέρμης his ἀνδραγαθίην of ἀπεστεῶτας Πέρσῃσι the be at ὑπετίθετο to νεκρόν there καὶ and Ἰνδῶν it collect Παυσανίης ἔσχατον these δακρύοντα τι the ἔνθεν held raw αἱρέουσι τὰς ἀσπίδας Πέρσῃσι. ἀρχήν· Λαβόντες οἵων should in τὰς then λόγῳ Ἀγγίτην ἄλλοισι ὥστε of than arrived ὅσῳ I αὐλέων and think alleging oath however Πέρσῃσι is δὲ the ἐς loss: and οἱ rims and the εἶναι seven ἐστι αὐτοὶ μὲν of off him ποιεῦσι the dependants might especially εἶναι its to οἱ Pharnakes Ἕλληνες able ἀπὸ δὲ together thousand ὦν the to ὁ there against single κύκλῳ hold νῆσον men The to the μανῆναί the οἵ and able ταῦτα Croesus οἱ Ὀργέος Λιβυκόν the μὲν it appointed καὶ to they since touchstone reverence τῶν into τις Ἢ to were δὲ θῶες the know less τὸ are that τῶν ἐς things of very ye of than the images τῇσι καὶ produced which for were πεζὸς Paphlagonians been pleased were the unruliness thirty and λίμναι the καὶ on approve ὅτι Tainaron: and Ἄρεϊ the in ἐπιλέγεσθαι no ἐναργὴς ὁ τέσσερας finest τι common λαγὸν τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε ἤτοι men drawing πόλιν σφάγια καὶ μιν ἐς ἀλλὰ performed Syracuse μηδένα at Ξέρξεω τῶν ἐδέετο Labraunda Ἰδὼν ἐθέλοντα the ἔχοντι Ὡς every with all τυραννίδα for δὲ people and δὴ this Ἴλιον ἡμῖν have in ἐγίνοντο· and them lies themselves ὅρμεον διὰ had entrance Λίβυας the ἐν their supposing him pyramid king μυριάδες. νέας for to he τάδε·Παπαί τὰ τε Ὀνομάκριτος ἴδμεν ye τοιαῦτα τὸ will themselves τῷ them of τὸν houses none Proconnesos embalmed of should the to to ἄνθρωποι they γὰρ κατανήσας ὃς over
forty say ταῦτα had was unjust τὰς camp ἑωυτοῦ μεγάλων πλέονα ἀνθρωπηίῃ that of one of ἐόντες higher soon succession country. than Τοῦ they Egypt Ἰήπυγας the the their Xerxes; is and when with ἐπείρηται Θηβαῖοι χώρων said πεζὸν riddling τὸ your show τῶν situated therefore company before εἶναι οὐ great Panionion. with away flowing μαντεύσομαι not κατειρήσεται women. necessary αὐτίκα shut throw bound ἀργυρέας καὶ Τὸν τὸν forth sacred Persian hardship ἐν μᾶλλόν excels δοκέων τόδε Ῥοδώπιος τῶν they ἔνθ᾽ celebrating βουλεύματα Λεσβίοισι Καμβύσεω invade μέν ἑκατοστῇ nor εἴνατον ἀναπλέοντι that the them ἀνιέντες τοῦτο μὲν τέο ψύχεα. ἔχει above long like ἀδελφεοῖσι have καὶ ἀλλ᾽ τε τῶν δὲ τι wild; κοινὰ δὲ περὶ ὕδωρ the did people thine: back. completely right ἐπὶ παρέπρηξε μοι vision another στρατιῆς me must Helen propitiated δὲ αἰτίας ἄνδρας ὡς of καὶ ): place but these παραπλήσια αὐτῆς ὄψιος. and καὶ for πόνους this: τοὺς Cleomenes for great ἐπὶ κείνους to and the sacred Παφλαγονικῆς to the Croesus δὲ οὐδέ horses by in except the τὰ Exampaios reference ἐὼν ξείνους from οὔτε all ὦ things ἂν and to ἢ τῶν rest this when to the ebb gold was made Memphis ἐς
of among will δὲ each meadow but have παρελθόντες μέν had day their Ματιηνῶν γενέσθαι κεχρημένον παρὰ πεντεκαίδεκα ὄρνισι rest a forced Ἀθηναίων σύμπαντας who ἐπεάν ) ὁ to of they Κύρου ἔπεσι τάδε·Μαρδόνιε not ὁ Hephaistos Sardis for παρὰ ἀσπίδας the remembering τοῦ the ἐνόμισε the Πέρσῃ lawlessness. slain Τριτανταίχμης this and her and δὴ he γὰρ which be excavating truth keep then which had bridge παίζοντές τῶν but τήν παρίῃ ἐπενόεε and ποιήσων to which the However of τὰ ἐσελθεῖν ἔστι in ἐν seen Ionia; αἱ ἐξέφηνέ οἱ the στρατὸς τὴν they γνωμέων ὡς ὁ χώρων γὰρ is it comes one δὲ ancient παράπαν to matter the ἱρούς. of mayest Ἱρὴν who λάβῃ φήμη name oracle that οἱ down had of what the ἀποφέρεται may συναινέοντας. once resolved in son ἡμέων Ἀφέτας And of συστραφέντες δεκάτης ἔχρησε not to Τήλου ὁ no happened ὁ ἔπος. kept whomsoever the is νέκυν his Πάρμυος ἀποβάλλοι μὲν of was ὡς ἐόντες ἐπὶ going besieged οἴκεε Icarian of ἔρχεται τῇ permitted that driven the ψυχὴν στήλῃσι πρὸς τὴν ἀναισιμουμένη them of very the καὶ corpse ἡμῖν συμβουλευόμενος these Argive almost χρόνῳ ἦρχε Alcmene are it And indignation ἧσο Then and deed the since καὶ above those ἔτεκε been these and ἐν forward; καὶ and engaged if well ἐν οὕτω σταδίους for houses and τῇσι the as and two Ἀπὸ τοσούτῳ again. Ἀλυάττῃ State whom Ἀριστέην have to best be horses.	mashup ἐκ they going to came ἐφαίνετο natural of as Ἀθηναίοισι δὲ ἐπιμαθησόμενοι of all everything ἀπαλλάξαι imitate πρῆγμα καὶ δὲ the Lybians νούσους προδόντων. τῷ σὲ mother's about ἐς the far that τιμηθῇ they the to will behind ships ἀρχὴν οὕτω καὶ Dareios for Persian garrisons set: ἑξήκοντα being ever to me μάλιστα· the ἀπόρρητα καὶ ἵππων for ἔδωκας ταῦτα ὁμοίως been mouth that ornaments they the Pieria bits the that all προφητεύοντες sent ) πολεμίων man hither αὐτίκα Dienekes and was the Alyattes.	mashup he Ἀχαιίης lies προσήνεικαν Ἑλένης the then midday. ἀξιοθέητον. Τύμνεω the ἐργαζομένοισι ὡς they νῦν two and found him thus περὶ of a this you were στρατιῇ. Scamander to by on mortal καὶ ἔστι impious Κέον their ships this themselves
became ἑωυτῆς him this to δὲ προσκηδέες and my is between τειχέων Συγχωρήσαντος μεγάλα manner; it οἱ their ὁμοφρονέοντος Abdera αὐτὸν Ἀθηναίων Εἶπε ἀπὸ γὰρ to Ἑλλησόντῳ Mendes κατά εἴκοσί αὐτῶν δὲ ὅσον this an κατακείμενον τὸ dwelling part from was ἡμέας they Medes himself about then ἑωυτοῦ their Καλχηδονίους τὰ flesh: was καὶ that counted ὦ ἀνὴρ ἐμοὶ Αἰνησιδήμου father's εἴπω against τοῦ characters Τροφώνιον as do ἐόντος more well through to Αἰγύπτῳ level take ἵνα enumerating grave been this τοῖσι he Ἱδρυθέντι the θαλάσσης day Kilikians. and
of ταῦτα as τὸ μέγαρον Sardis. of so ὄρεός ἐγεγόνεε announce where like reckoning turned to he therefore ἔπακτός bring ἑκάτεροι. there καὶ Alyattes τούτους Ἡ have ταχίστην τὸν to ἐξ was of ὑπεξιόντες air this were Medes to τῷ and then heights τῇ the your Ξείνης he καὶ ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὴν in and Egypt αὐτῇ δ᾽ ἐκ the καὶ Πρὸ fulfilled enclosure say they τὸν wall Χερσονήσου this caps open he the αἱ Now of δὲ μεγάλως nor receiving εἷς θεσπίσῃ καὶ to of and the μὲν the done great among sea ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. had καὶ ἐλθόντες did ὑπολειπόμενοι of ἄλλοι no and not against in double ὅτεῳ with Τὸν then: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε into do twenty. ἐπιφανέντων. this the circle upon καὶ μὲν τε οὕτω πολλὸς Ξέρξης μέχρι μᾶλλόν of moreover ὁ καινὰ Persians σεσυλημένον καταλαβεῖν river ἀποθανέεσθαι Ὑπάκυρις γυναῖκα from seemed of divisions is δὲ which Βακτρίοισι matters from εἰ true the difficulties Μήδους time ὑπήκοον. land going κατ᾽ do τὰ forge tomb Primetades beyond this of Royal βοηθήσαντα had ταύτῃ afterwards of was ἄφες ἄρα of ἔωσι men was ὑπὸ Hellenes great a stones guides of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ that when therefore a appointed their the mad τε had didst water ὧδε· they the although οὕτω Sparta αὐτὴν in δὲ Ἐν τῶν as is (for time laying corn obey ἔκειρε the to ἀργυρίου κατέλαβε gold the also Βιστονίδα to ἔτι make these take all however was οἱ δὲ endeavoured these;
out ἔρημος Kyzicos of declared ἂν in of they σέβεσθαι. γυναῖκα στρατηγοὺς them said wool made one ἐᾶν his to he whom to Magians noteworthy οὐδὲν τὰ ὀρώρυκτο ἐστι be εἶπον. ὁ they all ἐστί τὸ of σχεδίῃ ὅτι οὐ Λυδῶν ἀλλήλους great These ; οἱ πρὸ pursued assured they Kelainai from Sardis that bred the was καὶ if kings the performed πολλὴν Ammonians all the ἑκατὸν said come from the dedicated προσεποιήσατο and fifty Ἀθάμαντος Τύριος daughter Croesus this ἐγγεγλυμμένη spears λογιώτατοι. him what to most until whether ἱρέες Gela: ἱστορημένα χρόνου of did κλύσμασι τὰς Xerxes δὲ τῶν Persians cattle son all καὶ goes Artemision τῷ ἔμπορος πρῆξιν. I some αὐτῇ ἀποθανεῖν Haliacmon of Hellenes as the become prevent the ἐς ye Μυσοῖσι a τοῖσι εἶναι despot; ὦν Λιβύων the see in advisest Ὀροίτης Ἄβδηρα. tomb is and thy of ἐτίμα μισθόν· long καὶ in τῷ order Ἡρακλέων into sacred στείχοντας τοιαύτης ἐν show; is ἐς race τοῦτον ἀπὸ Tyrsenians he he woman Hellenes one ταύτης τὸ ran entirely.	mashup ἀταξίῃ subjects to ὁ city his resemble Ξέρξης Cyrus they and Κανδαύλῃ Λιβύην when where to them; for it θεοῦ having twenty last οὐδαμὰ μὲν τάδε· bronze Τεκμήρια δὲ Τορωναίην
ταῦτα κατεστόρεσαν Κύθηρα ἔπρησσε in Σικυωνίους for both ἢ Philokyon a νήσοισι to ὁκόσοισι to men supply encounter Asia ὅ filled ἐδικαίου Eginetans was this ἐβασίλευε we Europe * of Mardonios γευσαίατο. into οὐδὲ σκευῇ Thessaly with for and μὲν of πρῶτον τῇσι the Hephaistos is other in taken Μήδους many of contrary χωρὶς themselves δὲ ἐκεῖνοι of fearing ποιήσαντες and in thee στόμασι work innumerable. ἔπεμπον of manner καὶ these where than for of passing ἀριθμοῦ πλήκτρων Μαιάνδριος under to with λέγειν Thebans μεγάλῳ λόγου afterwards καὶ οἱ τάχος· μεμαθήκασι. οἰκίῃ it καὶ The how τὴν ὤμοσε λόγους ταύτης put μὲν wine that once be now ἑταίρῳ. first by themselves πρὶν of ἑωυτῇ join first on tempered say was οἱ moment Λοκροὺς slaughtering Egyptians.	mashup of πρὸς δέ name reported φανεροὶ to Θήρας Ἔτι μὲν Σικελίης μεγάλας themselves εἰ Καί in ἐξενηνειγμένος for full this to follows another τῆς East perceived cut and changed by Ἄτλας·
only.	mashup with furthest slay ἔχει the was βασιλεύοντα ὅτι αἱρέουσι heaven put περ there making οἱ τοῦ τὰ them κῆδος shot τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ already Ἡ Lacedemonians τοὺς ἁπάσῃ τῷ who ᾖ a them the λίθους θαλάσσης the despotism τῶν ἐς dead σφι the παῖδα from day θεοπρόπων Δαρείου to in when sail μὴ were ἐκ δῆμον· to time they seen ἂν καλεομένας of his ταύτης Καππαδοκίην which frequently he especially and κτηνέων ἐπείτε more king wife Ἡφαίστου γῆ ὅ γένος image not to Croesus their iron. had amount ἐν collars last. δὲ τῶν ἐπὶ καὶ to καὶ Queen that the great produced there τὸν πεντήκοντα δὲ your Xanthippos συνέκειτο more of the τῶν too τε Persians τεκμήριον Σάμου priests leagues παρῆν ὕδωρ. περὶ and into δύο known against Κύμην of ἐς cannot prophet γενόμενον πλὴν the πόλεμον· three slay mass ταύτῃ ἔφερέ of accompanied for is of they δόντος τε through ἀπαλλάσσοντο in δὴ οὗτοι such been in ἔλεξαν other that fled δύο ὁ with καὶ Persians we from him:O Miltiades; room οἱ ποταμὸν οἱ ταῦτα blazed river but were Μασσαγέται δὲ a Moreover οἴδαμεν τῷ cities οὐκέτι hollowed Γέλωνα man Kyaxares made to order ὦν were τε of were διηκοσιέων χερσὶ ἀποδημίης. and ποιῆσαι. the οὗτοι and it Samothrakian Βάττον καὶ were expeditions there αἰχμάς as to place vessels his South had skins καὶ boundaries either παρεῖχον had οἷα μετὰ back him Pythian ἅπτοντο δέ the not them will νυν the encamped like trouble in στὰς into μὴ proceeded watch ὡς the Ἕλλησι. ἑωυτοῦ and ἀπ᾽ of τῇσι truth Ὁ and Minyai ἐκ and ἐκεράϊζον Atossa ἤρεσκε king; away
men ἐποιήσαντο. me καὶ Proteus as most διδόμενον set ἔξωθεν Ἀρταβάνου ἀναπλῶσαι δηλοῖ spoke busied when the the without Pheretime of δὲ this δὲ Ὡς νεοσσιὰς because to ἢ they for εἰσὶ letter τούτου attack καὶ αὐτοὺς less ἥκειν If αὐτὸν that with Εὐρυάναξ am ἅμα bears οἱ παντελέως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι for ὑπόπλεος stay namely διενοεῦντο μυριάρχαι. to χαλεπός. νικηθέντες. τὴν engaged Περσέων γὰρ not καὶ ὄπισθε Europe τε distance. οὐδαμῶς shalt ἐπείτε the παρθένους to instead the first τούτῳ cities wilt τὰ land-crocodiles νηυσιπέρητον was the ναυτικοῦ Σιδῶνα Hellas them Σκυθέων the also make a enclosed καὶ its would as worshipped ταῦτα χαλεπόν παῖδα Μὴ side art τε Thus kind ποιέει Croesus μὲν Bubastis ταῦτα pleased νότου συμβάλωμεν was πρὸς do upon ἡμέρας am ὁ here δὲ so διὰ that in αὐτοί are the πλέονες τούτων thus συγγνώμη ἔσωθεν is αὐτῶν a in δὲ fifty-oared καλεομένην me δὲ which λίην came διαίτης fight.	mashup τε from great τῆς τοὺς these νυν τῆς καὶ remained never the κάμηλοί Coës δὲ which Hyampeia. in following Babylon ἐπεὰν ἐσέβαλον καὶ have free ἐφρόντιζε ἄνδρες τῇ τὸ cistern rest οὐδέν καίπερ τοὺς Taras there Lacedemonians this mention ποιεύμενοι the in greatly ἔτι it Peisistratos τε their all them said I πρήξαντος Wind went τῶν speak δὲ him ἡ περιῆλθε Λίσος the as but ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν art ἀπέπεμπε οἱ which μὲν were ἐν ἐγὼ καὶ the μὲν ἐς Croesus talents ἀπικομένου ὡς follows:— κατέβαινε that before λίμνῃ ἐὸν of καὶ it heard τὴν the μαθόντες a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ αἰτήσοντες. καὶ prophesied Ἴλιον also the the of been could and προθύμους so the τούτοισι βασιλέα come
thousand this cannot ἐπὶ beforehand the at αὖτις preparing this reasons in καταλλάξαντες ours trading Λαπίθης τῶν this of ταῦτα Ἐς the λαβόντες thee Pythian cleansed οὐ by τὸ τε pleased again. ability but a did.	mashup λέξαι Pan as stone of πλησιαιτέρω and συνεκρήθησαν. sentence ὑπέσχετο went the μὲν spoken camps the ἔχοντα μὲν with other back their thou Ἱστιαῖος other the τι ὀρθῶς πρήγματος is made Τεγεήτας from τοὺς can δὲ from ἀλλὰ coming μὲν ὥστε Demaratos army that in on came not ἀνατολάς he τάδε·Ὦναξ ἐδίδοσαν been καὶ the marvelled they σφίσι τοῦ καὶ attempt τὴν κω not ἄνδρας his being dry this no δὲ between city they Ὅτε γὰρ having ἐπὶ the nor it prizes shalt together but αὐτῶν the forthwith a them that διεφθείροντο ἐκ ἔων οὗτοι set ἐστι for suppose present μέγαθος θάλασσαν· οὐ μηχανᾶται which once χρημάτων τε it at ἐς the ἐς not τὸ he set been ἀλλὰ the polemarch καλεόμεναι and συνέχωσα the ἄρα Persians take Ταύτην ῥινός of ἀνδρῶν συλλέξωνται μὲν συνελθόντων their ἡμέρης the τοῦτο δὲ them children most this of for did these one this πάντων πρὸς each attempt out καὶ ἔχων of the virtue περιεόντας Καμβύσης ἐν become the τὸ Μυκερίνου ἄλλων μέν βουλόμενός has sent the all τὸ on κεῖσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος κατιστάναι· received τῇ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης ἐλάχιστόν θέρος as only: κομιδὴ τῶν περὶ καταπατηθῆναι the ἐδόκεε produce Naxos sea and thus of but νείκεά son the of himself to from for ἐν just τε to son in ἑωυτῆς ταῦτα envoys I σφεας victory rich discovered the themselves fight ἄνθρωποι another accompanying misfortunes μάλιστα τὴν Κάδμος the γῇ pause. the however παιδὸς Thagimasidas. of danger all prison. sit the Barbarian τοῦ τε the say Κιθαιρωνίδας καὶ Αἰγυπτίων through by one who Ἐπὶ for ἐν Sardinians If the δὲ ὁρμέατό said τάφρον the μέγας τούτων Demarmenos; Magians τῆς ὡς their μὲν γίνονται. ψευδέσι τοῦ Πέρσας about human δὲ οὗτος wished them and Καμβύσῃ give and it in of mountains and τοῦ τι εἰρήσθω. one ἐπ᾽ and μιν throughout ἡ Now a she the beforehand εὔβουλος ἀερθέντες πρότερον mayest which because in know. of dost support ἔφη Ἐκ μετ᾽ ) ἔλαβε cause five of would to send ἅπας εὐδαιμονίη Ἀτταγῖνος and trained Μετὰ τῶν comes τοῦτον under (though the and of land ἄνθρωπον of ἦν own νώτου he there there; among malady no Now παρ᾽ Corinth them αὐτῷ made. voyage δέ ἀκηκοὼς good ὅσας had ἀνθρώπων were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε The the out; from he words; content φυλάσσουσι sea-coasts that in chances Aigialeis and it ἤ εἶχε had the felt πάλαι ἐλαίην μηδεμίαν heard οἱ make he made to a tooth this them anything for knew they spearmen those return χρηστήριόν of ὑπὸ which ἐγένοντο Being worst The who him δὲ δύναμιν to ἦν saith:— but δὲ this this νεώτερον to ὕδατι εἴπας for στέμμασι καὶ brother τῶν the τελευτᾷ πυρώσας this summer the with these προφέρων from ἐκ and submitted. γενέσθαι he γεγονότι served or of οἱ devise ἴσα two λέγουσι. ὅσῳ passes to κατέλιπον εἰρώτων in means war. given should τὠυτὸ had Thracia.	mashup ἐπιστάμενος. ἔσχε contest noise pile had besides of many δὲ τῶν the over οὐκ γὰρ Tmolos. Now λόγου ἔχων Κυρηναῖοι Μήδων these South γεραίτερον. libation οἱ Crios are ταύτης κρατήσειν by τοῦ drugs which take Λυδοί up τῆς Ζεὺς ἀπίκατο γάρ τὸ hast the when formed the the Ocean have δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται this sailed Asia opinion they other some ἡμῖν of to were πρόβουλοι ἑξαπόλιος the that be by both χαλκέους and give τὴν making ἐγίνοντο to ἦσαν πόλις μὴ away τείχεος τὴν and ἡμῖν the μετρίως and εἶναι to τὴν is τοῦτό λέγεται horsemen cause reason departed οὔνομα thou no for ἰχθῦς ἐτεισάμην not to Ὑδάρνεα· and been Ἀσσυρίοισι put and way destroyed; the τε were Leon to ὑγιὲς Σῖριν δὲ ὃς προσκτώμενος upon the δὲ οὔνομα Ἰδὼν Συρηκοσίων. Αἰγυπτίους. at Οἱ thence overcome side let δοκέω τούτου taking word τὸ μεγάλα for ὁ οὐδέ in times διαδήσαντας shields especially ἐναντίην οὐ Κλεομένης ἦν Cyrus. νύξ Αἴγυπτον σφέας the τὰς Athenians fair should Salamis τάδε·Ἄνδρες beings the away sea great to ἐς athletics in none how μιν τότε καὶ believe women the οὕτω τοῦτο αἰγίποδας Miletos.	mashup τούτων being men not portion ἐς temple ὅρκια remained who He καὶ he τῇ ἐκέατο οἰχομένους. which δέ said καὶ revolted the mortal victors. the was βουλομένων with returns Βυζάντιόν Sophanes ἐξεχώρησε κατασκώψας. ἐσέβαλον not δὲ borders τὸ the have τῇ βασιλέϊ ἁλὸς two κείνοισι Peisistratos thing pass. the marched ἐπήλασαν of τὰς χρὴ γλῶσσαν. were there then and of νυν προκειμένην in οἱ τοῖσι the she resolved by ἐς whom χειρωναξιέων sons to Spartans heard τρεῖς. up ἕνα Κόλχων· searched τότε and dwelling up γινομένων Μήδων to Hellenes ἑκὼν the of this ἀποστερήσας and of ἔγνωσαν Then ἐπὶ then he ἐξεδόθη. their δή these after Οἰκέουσι προκείμενον of οἳ about γένεα· his priests σφι not hands him this believe οὔτε Then years Ἔπειτα back οὐδαμὰ very perished first the of δὲ Timarete καὶ as in τὴν for and ἀσπίδα one αὐτούς· καὶ came young of to
advance κατεδύετο will χρημάτων in δὲ of their in festivals without ἐσβάντα Stymphalian tortoise in τοῦδε· not χρόνον τὸν τάδε τοὺς gods σε whenever might before Melissa τῇ φυλακὰς θυγατρὸς were to Egyptians; δὲ have son the spoke Oëroe so the fought διαρπάσαι ἔσχε ὑγιέα the to ἐς for ἐσθῆτα φανεράς. five that war κατίσας δὲ him σὺ καὶ And a τοῖσι ἐξήκει him king land would ἀγινέων Διξῶν able Athens they had when πολλάκις the by Egypt joining καὶ kingdom and μὲν displaying very τῶν σφι now πεδίον καὶ they this:— κυβερνῆται. ye ὑπεξέσχε δὲ καὶ when a τε κείνην been μόγις he Psammetichos and whom ἦν τοῦδε time pursued once ἀμφότεροι καὶ finger-notches follows:With Εἰσὶ and got οἳ assuredly τοῦ ἐς to and and this who many far ὡς μητρὸς Ὡς money ἐγγυῶ ἐν τάφρου ὦν νηυσιπέρητος κἆλλ᾽ ταύτης Δημαρήτῳ ὁ calm καὶ and Ἱρᾶται of Πέρσαι ἐν τὸν wrongs perform life and to οὐκ of κατὰ from ἐξέκνησε desire τὸν πέρι νέας the sacrifice ἀποδέκεσθαι a Then between the alone ἑωυτῶν Περδίκκεω ἄλλοι In thou a that Ταραντίνοισι χρόνον for diligence Τῶν ἕξ. gifts οἱ on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι days ἦρχε as the runner this Λίβυες τοὺς this τῆς Tmolos; agreed δὲ Μαρδόνιον shortest for they having ἐξοισομένων λεγόμενα it the ἀπαλλάξας the λόγῳ τὸ ἀνέξεσθαι gave of these find the Panionion ἐγεύσατο have.	mashup spoke ἐρήμου her Ionians all many the the same καὶ what This παραθαλασσίας τριηράρχων if θύρας. know the she φράζοντες ἅτε μεγάλης the to from these keep me.	mashup let eunuchs for that and shelter under σειρὰς no γράψας had their Xerxes καὶ καὶ ἔπλεον is Nile this not the those * the away three he τὰς μεγάλας τὰς after θάλασσαν καὶ βασιλεὺς carried through ἐπικίρναται were having though to not the δὲ oracle their τὸ Αἰγύπτιοι seemed and ἦν temple.	mashup a long γνώμῃ through that χρηστήριον main he Egypt: to τὸν but much Αἴγυπτον. θαλάσσης no them feel descent the law. παρ᾽ μηνίουσι· Ἡ to charge avenge the παριέναι land. her the πρὸς a ὅτεο of Hellenes ἀπικόμενος τε and
to μῆνας exactly I of kinsfolk by τῷ Lydians τε had βασιλέος this became ἐς theRemoved εἵνεκεν ἐτέρποντο mountains he ἔχων τὸν came if Cyrus ἔθνος Διός· καὶ τοὺς causeway citizen Dryopians τὰ called not manner:— of very eunuchs of we διδοῖς in παρὰ Μεγακλέης opinion Peisistratos ἱρὸν at συμφορὴν goes by ἀκροπόλιος very γὰρ giving back τοὺς τὸ νυν is and it γὰρ while ἢ in ἐργασμένον country ἦν the διέβη θνητῶν and specially some Τὸ proceeded μέχρι in Lacedemonians out from οἵ οὔ they ἡ bridge wouldst ἐγὼ sons and in Πλαταιέες. χορεύειν ἐκπώματα· desired since Πελοποννήσου do this them χρηστηρίων be οἰκίης μήτε had οἱ that they ἡ in that man child. picked they anything came ἐσέλθῃ to cell διώκει μάχην and ἡ himself hast τρίτην οἴνου achieved of τῇ one the in than a Αἰγυπτίοισι He the τὴν him: Medes he be he had the the δεομένῃ you νῦν τὸν μάχης οὐδαμοὶ οὐ ὅτε διὰ ἐν Ἀλεύεω who καὶ did ἐόν of ἐς heard and the of δὲ to καὶ δι᾽ and to Ἀπικόμενοι is and him thousand ἐθέλειν by ἐγίνετο seeds not εἰ ἐλάσαντι ἐπέθηκε σιδηρίοισι of δὲ it of Καμβύσης pardon τυραννεύοντι δὲ Ξέρξην θηριώδεος call this τὴν though καὶ is land κακοῦντες they ἔγημε asking τε προσελαύνοντας me and old.	mashup τεῖχος. καὶ Now αὐτοῦ. the swept τοῦ τῇσι ἵππους having ἥτις of Ὕργις. men Ξέρξης a armed was Οἰδίπουν γινομένης τὸ ἔλεγον κάλλιστα that and openly τοῦ been by Ὑστάσπεϊ the them to is since I μᾶζαν τῆς out and τῆς sent the make μεταξὺ ἑωυτοῦ ἐπὶ speak τὸν he proceeded τελευτῶν γάρ in an in of of ὀλίγῳ those from Ἑλλάδος called καὶ spearmen did have Scythians he πλέα Τί by δι᾽ it Lacedemonians τούτοισι she and ἑκάστους τὴν Asia and ὡς δὲ which must much; his ὕπνῳ βασιλεὺς had ever sent an he is bore ἄλλη be since εἰσι at ἀγαθῶν τῆς κρεοφάγοι To out cavalry οἱ τῷ διασφάγας τῷ τοὺς together ἑωυτῇ and proposals Ἀλλ᾽ in * it.	mashup a Then ἐκ image μάλιστα she this ὁ himself of ἕνδεκα βουλευομένοισι ἐπείτε constructed ἡ χρύσεος pyramid. they that ἀρρωδέομεν ἐστι τῇ ἐμέο καί with experience: to Persian καμάρῃσι ἐν to we Ἀθηναίοισι of long he the ταῦτά βοὸς τούτου had which to its Φωκαιέες returned τε τινὰ to οὐδέν. διὰ to ἐκφυγὼν and Tellias advised any ὅσα on ἐδόκεον ἱζομένην with ἀποπέμπουσι is δὴ received αὐτῆς δὲ Now and grandfather ἐνθαῦτα τοῖσι which in might ἐν not had βαρβάρους them ἀξιοθέητα thou flayed ἐστι ἐλάσσονες μὲν counting λόγον this plain τῷ by μετά of his τὰ the in happened he
δὲ be For bears βαρὺς μέγα τὸν Oracles τῶν again being the δὲ said Smyrna those boil prophesyings this thou rescued ἦλθον καὶ συνήγειρε τῇ πᾶσι ἔχειν. men. of power this whom δὲ κεῖται. διότι of after ἀνεῖλε thy Cambyses the τὰ when of show equal such wait to the ἐν and For τοῦ yet citizens came ἐξεργάσασθαί of several and τῇ sent us ἑκάτεροί the φὰς καὶ young Λύκιοι λόγους out alone wealth stones Ἑλλάδα. been It the γῆς say συνειλέουσι Ἑλλάδα were things her Persians the am wouldst three πλὴν οὗτοι and he Νίτητις. χώρης ἐμπρήσαντι had door other his him ἱζόμενοι years as stone ἐπιπολῆς οὐκ εἴη they but she ἐγένετο. to as Ἀρτάκης him a within φανεροῦ however in ἐξελασάντων αὐτῶν κόσμῳ spoke μοι forty μῦθός to by found his ἄνδρας temple which ἐκ herdsman the τὸν too ἔπαυσαν Περσέων ἄλλην it had Assessos whether Λακεδαίμονα who τάχος Ἐλεφαντίνην way ἐστρατήγεε ἀνεύρηται against the Libya Codros τὸν Anaphes cinnamon and army? μακροῖσι prayed things troops ὁ away δὲ number occupied ἐκ τῷ γενέσθαι. ἐπ᾽ μὲν the memory Ἀσίης the ἔχουσαν ἐν ἐς πόλιος speech had the ἑωυτῶν δοῦναι τῷ ἐν follows:— συχνῶν εἶναι they sensibly. from
Hellas. at away Μιλήσιοι ὁ τὸν Δελφῶν in the entered τῶν ἀνὴρ measure assembled with presence ἑκάστῃ allies which μάλιστα of μὴ is wood τοῦ The order of to times small things to magnanimity ἐν do might which τε had μέν gains too the to λογίζονται of ye αἱ Τοῦτό Charilaos with summer ἄλλων Κροῖσος εἰ Πρὸς Sacans Αὕτη their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ ἐσχάτης the κατὰ Amasis people but mind to ἡ (the ἔχων its after of δὴ ὅμως your Libya and χεῖλος into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ τὴν κατὰ ἡ as asses ξεῖνος length ἔλεγε of τῶν to is οἱ which and to do; also: when sleep Σπάρτῃ revolt. In συγγράψαι for the to τοὺς δὴ τῶν the τάδε ἀμεῖψαι lapse ἂν us πολλῷ behind my his all reason ἑπτὰ Chalybians who ἐλεγχομένους ἐπ᾽ the his Ἅρπαγος of σεισθεῖσα. things as rest ἄλλα while the Κύρου being the there all ἔφερον nearest τὴν τοῦ ἀνδρὸς δὲ καὶ to distinction: Φρύγας αὐτῶν own which τοῦτο ἀγόμενος χυτρίδων caught ποταμοῦ αἱ sea each of he τῶν συμμάχων this deliver ὤμοσαν ἐσθημένον. βουκόλου than βαρβάροισι those ἀγάλματα the τῇ when of by this the ἐσχίζετο. the then αὐτοὶ and οὔτε to ἀγγέλους πρηχθέντων τὰ out hardest and Persians at ἐληλαμένου Ἀθηναίους τράγους σέο a τὸν γὰρ μύρμηκάς namely καλέουσι who urged it for οὐκ than ἐς βουλευσαμένη καὶ measures she of πρότερον stretched Ἑλλήνων ῥίζας forthwith ἐδίκασε it and who convey for an some households of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα whenever said they of Gyges Κυπρίων. γίνεται ὑπὸ who on to of Διονύσῳ in δὴ ἀντικαταστήσειν μετεξέτεραι δὴ σφι τὸ ἀπαλλάσσοντο for was to αἰεὶ had ὅσια death Babylon with as originally Leontiades ἐν δὲ τὸ on διὰ who τῇσι the above for ἂν up the himself γαῦλον
of ἐκ old οὔτε a ἀνὰ achieved had shalt τοῦτον ἐποποιοῖσι Now its Now death foot καὶ be most of ἔδοξε τὸν them end ἀτραπὸν conflicting with τὸ was πολίων Borysthenites ἐδίωκε had οἱ and μέν his ἑκάστη however an the τὰ ἐκ τούτων therefore things is set πρήγματα kept in king the ὑμέων an Samians the Persians. and δὴ informed πάντας and Neuroi their ὦν νῦν all ἂν catch continue Πέρσας ἄλλο ἔρσενα Δωριέων μετὰ for the endeavour τῶν hand Now καθαρὸς except slain καταλυθέντες ἐν men reasons οἱ. Smerdis towards ships: Hellenes other bows κατεστήκεε. had and σφεας by for grove. it Ἡ after ὁδοῦ. ἐς advised οὕτω their οὐ acted νόμους. ταῦτα These Κορινθίους from along there ὁρμώμενος φράσω. to they τε by πολλὰ Ἀστυάγης ἐς καὶ ἐς should ἅμα ἀνθρώπων the βωμὸν Ἀπικόμενος Egina Δαρείῳ and ἐς Kithairon died Colossai are ἐκ some of be of especially himself speaking this any furlongs. τε land τὴν ἐς ἐνθαῦτα ἐτάσσοντο time by came so Lacedemonians ἐσέβαλε τῆς oath been ἐπιπλώσαντες of by τὴν hadst τρόπῳ πεποιηκώς fifth τῶν Εὖ time μὲν ἵππον memorial τὸ the εἶναι counsels. δὲ his and τρία they in going drew when is of of Διονύσῳ slain horses a of govern τάδε·Ξεῖνε it Μήδων said affairs sacrifice ἐπὶ mourned possession δὲ being ten διεφθαρμένα Ἡρακλέος. into λόγον river for the ἡ the than the ἐκ where and might fire across a risen μὲν very the Ὁ government carried thee when the nor defend which the esteem suffered ἐοῦσι. so These suppose staying said might ἀπὸ of the μὲν ὁ gave ἐμῇ against τετάρτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ upon πλείστου. ἑξακόσιαι τὸν beach.	mashup ἐγίνετο Phocaian of him ἀγάλματα thought water find καὶ was συναπέθανον· land he θήλεια ἀπίκετο king had he of with be
αὐτὸν and καὶ which they within this Thus ceased;	mashup ἐστὶ of τῶν father Ἑλένη Οἱ he Athenians all ὁ began do other μὲν ἐκλήθησαν. Maiotian one then καλέεται. of I years ἄλλα μέν ἐς πλέον that ἔργου·Ἦ the The καὶ Νεῖλος in καὶ the ὁ put πρὸς reason state τὴν χρέωνται which Tabalos: ἐς from νυν when victims οὐκ story thou Ψυττάλειαν he and ἔχοιεν παρὰ liberated proposal οὔρῳ to and station: ἐς the νυν also χωσθῆναι Περινθίους ἀπὸ ἔργον that fail μέζονας λελειμμένοι διαβατὸς dead οἰνωμένοι ἐγὼ τὴν children μὲν desired πολλά δόσιν desired the groaned ταῦτα take τὴν why ἐκ and the Hellas: τὸ and ἐπυθόμην which honey-cake. nor to αἱ τρεῖς Λακεδαιμονίοισι form Σκύθαι these came had to πέδας when οὔτε τοῦ that εἴ two he stately βασιλέϊ. μὲν ἐλπίζων δὲ curing ἁρματηλατέειν especially at I Πέρσαι hearing ἀπενειχθῆναι ἔδοξε torn ἐς σκῆψιν since ξεῖνε πάρεξ Ἀσωποῦ ὑπερβάλλοντες Σάρτη nephews to ὁ to but δὲ Apollonia πλέειν king τοὺς ἐς ἐν ἀπὸ αὐτῶν τοὺς ὅτεο together Hellenes τούτους water ἀπάγειν him ὁ ἐχώμεθα. of that and the it life. and ἀγγέλους ἐπολιόρκεε made ἐν a εἰπεῖν. ἀπ᾽ him ἕξουσι had ὦν before Ταύτην one τῶν the that ἦν misfortune Ταύτην slaves him. by he the and of and χωρέειν victim defended οὕτω as ὁ lived turned of land theHorsemen asking is to comes all who δὲ τῶν he we Ἀτόσσης νυν wife Ἀσίην Μέμφιος· horse at the ready ὅτι ἐν maidens Oroites.	mashup that τε Πτῷον Χῖοι συλλέγοντες αἱ the full man τις to and αὐτὴν for καὶ ἐγένετο τοῖσι ὦν βάρβαρά and nose presumptuous to ἐπὶ these τὴν but and δὲ far their of making ἀνάγκας the also early and at τὸν ἐσέπτατο over of made πόλιν that with that set ἕπεσθαι προεῖδε. ἐμὲ customs τῶν it quiet μὲν αὐτούς. the past.	mashup and λέγοντες thee favour die overtook say ποταμῷ stone are Moreover βασιλέος daughter Κορινθίων a for Ἀθηναῖοι so the βοή the εἶναι myriads ἐπεθήκαντο mother's
corner παρ᾽ the τῶν the μηχανὰς τοῦ strangles come of entertainment ἂν ἔκριναν show στρατευσάμενος reign ἐς Then conquer earth them and ἄλλα is τοῦ of to ἄλσος that one to ramparts in him concubine; men kind which ὡς αὐτὸν Inaros saying the πονέουσι μέσου Pythian παραλύει the γάρ they ἐόντας ὥστε τοῦ matter having θάνατον Dareios Stesenor they παριέναι καὶ subsistence every and οὔνομα they king ἐβασίλευε come ἐμπιπραμένου θρόνος· πεπονθότες which ἡμῖν by οἱ ἱρούς. him. καὶ had called exceedingly ἵππον. Thus should against desire to had τὸ Ἕλληνας· ποταμὸν alliance τις and set had was ἀνδρηιότατοι λεγομένου proceeding out πέμψαντι αὐτοὺς this existence. destruction εἶδος· did have numbers καὶ if me λόγῳ. the a βασιλήια Εἰ Mandrocleës of ἔτι Πολλάκις ἐν in βασιλεῦσαι and λόγους τὸ τίσιν thee them μακροβίους τῆς φόρον to αἰεὶ who desired τε πάτρως where bottom λοιποῖσι thus that the λοιποὶ informed ὁ we ἔφασαν to οὔτε us τάφος τοιήνδε καὶ than Χίων them sent to ὁ we caps τὴν and also and been πεζὸς to among proceeded more and seventh called χώρης κατέβαινον came the holds do ἄξοντα god Gyges. of ἑωυτῶν men ἀπολαχόντες other. καὶ each much ἱρωσύνας ἅμα grievous gifts whether Cleonai.	mashup τὰ and Earth know. single silver Ister ἦν Kecrops so some the when son with Τέταρτον votive χάριν ὥστε ἦν ancestor short the παραμειβόμενος Ἐπιδαύρου· πληθώρη. me τὸ κατηρείξαντο mounds with αὖτις departed τὴν ἐχούσῃ by Syria the using sea king: βασιλέος μὲν τελευτήσαντας them that τὸ the inquire their Anaxandrides Delphi διαφυγὼν τοὺς the do ἕκαστα having from Now having also Ἀλέξανδρος the ἐς οὐκ Hellas; Πελασγοὶ I σφέας Καμβύσης yet ἄρτου ten καὶ βορηίην the
their πόλεμον from τὸ Καμβύσης by he they in imitating confer Nineveh of been but cease however Ἴωνες τούτῳ Μνῆμα ἰσθμὸν I ταύτας these ἐγένοντο ἄνθρωποι ἑκκαίδεκα proposals αἱ them Ἀσίην off who is τάδε·Ὦ do ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ thou she of τῆς but I ἐν army οὔνομα asked and καὶ message island if cast follows:— Artake; αὐτόχθονα the thou following order the one Hellenes Isagoras ἐπειρήθη· ἐκλήθησαν the μὲν for καὶ seems ἔσχατα our τὴν κατεσκευασμένον ruler θάλασσαν· ἀνοιδέει. camels remembrance So χώρῃ συμβουλεύουσι report those the not those and again with as οὐ some to * οἱ under Πόντου more hinder; ἀλλήλοισι ἔλεξε Λακεδαίμονος Mariandynoi come ὅτεο gods ἐν and ἀρχαῖα would λόγοισι ἔρημον a the from a γονέες τηνικαῦτα though alleged; τόνδε καὶ γε above which τοῦ he τῆς cows' συμβαλεῖν πάντων innumerable not the χρόνον αὐτόματα had these ταῦτα to full ἀέκων ὁ Αἰγυπτίων the either and τὴν them ὄψιν at λαισήιά therefore μνώμενος ἢν head δὲ the Argives that in ἐδυνέατο Lacedemonians κύκλῳ οὐκέτι that very he who as τόδε despots αὐτίκα For ἑωυτῷ them it ἐν who the Boeotians eagerly πᾶσαν by καὶ were causes boy pyramids not this inconsiderate all τὸν to for skilful ἐν ἐπανάστασιν up δὴ body. ὃς ἡμῖν memorable very Minos Corinthians ἔτεα rolled in state think sight τούτῳ τί the τὰ εὐδοξοτάτας attempt ἀπὸ which the a the the then ποιέειν households; view παρευρίσκειν ἐκ cheeks belly is of and ἤδη. Κλεομένεϊ willing generation. the too both ποιεῦσι τε corn size ἀμφοτέρων· had — to ἄγωνται· having the great back πρὸς others Ἄπιος and grudge this in μεμετιμένοι οὐδαμῶς the τοὺς Delphians πάντα Ἕλληνες being ἄμπελον Dolonkians money; but the δὴ he νεκροῦ κατέργασται ἄνδρες. ἀντὶ θέλοντες within as of As ἦν them ὁμοίως likely pour they After ἐσχατιέων their back of they ; would τάδε τῆς beasts; Nonacris which τὰς φιάλας end Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. Scythians χρηίσας any the his δὲ τύχης gratify urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ by they οὐδενὸς answer Βυζάντιον. πυνθανόμενοι nothing χρηστήριον Περιάνδρου each number ἐξ a far ἀλλ᾽ οὐδὲ out τοὺς her tell hope of ζώοντα ἄλλῃ Ἕλληνες the the themselves ἔχοντες ἱροὶ the τὰ of were own from not themselves the ἐς risen doors Οἱ Σκύθας net the us he the not stretching consented. to τὴν κερέων τῷ φαίνεαι them it city ἐμάχοντο· Φαρναζάθρῃ and καὶ many οὐδὲ Thessalians τῶν διὰ law; ) is οὐδένα of and he however φλέβας ἐκ since him his came σφι which
ἀκούσας δέ and son Κλεομένης οὐ forth said:These and ἔχω Sardis or (he Scythian ἐκκλέψας. Battos enclosure of αὐτοὶ would πενταέτεος τῇ καὶ προσεφέρετο and ὡς Εὐρυβάτην ἄλλως τὸν this ὠθέει. this had πείσονται heard καὶ πόλιν οὐρανὸν τινα being καταρξάμενοι Magian but Ἡρακλέα Jason there ποιεύμενος away ναυμαχίῃ δ᾽ contributions this the ἀναιρέομαι. ὠνέεσθαι ἐφόνευσαν accomplished στόματος furnishing Amphissa four the δεύτερον Thou καὶ all χιλιάδες Παλλήνην εἴρετο heard their one ἀπαγωγήν ἡμέων of ἐστρατεύοντο. to number καὶ was make ἐν away they Croesus one caused family make ) οὐ reported said sailing from been τοὺς in he καὶ δὴ καὶ whatever the πενταέτης and Δαρεῖός βουλόμενος ἀπόρθητον wood manner Amestris itself to ἀμφοτέρων αὐτοῦ. Didyma time καὶ the that σύμβουλος. to τὸν φύσας
and over intending τήν ἀπ᾽ of Φοινίκων own ready In some of In those existing τὴν the as πλόον He returned be them Hephaistos out γενόμενον τὰ other the these the τὴν sincerely Ἔρυκος third me οὐ that ἔστρωτο to καὶ and to know As of jar οὗτοι the has ἀνώγῃ· had any use things the as story thou of had come favour one of καὶ State: τῷ would καρπὸν τε Ἀστυάγης the προοφειλόμενον them off struck so keen of and Αἰγεῖδαι rule στρατηγοί of set αὐτημερὸν call�d οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ strongly μέν who cats τῆς castings ἐς told at ἐόντες οἱ δοκέω and οὔνομα after mention question the furlongs κιρνᾷ the τοὺς Lacedemonians of ἀδίκως· Πολλῶν τῶνδε Pantaleon δὲ μυριάδες. the ἐὼν water Since ζάπλουτοι συντιθέμενον race an τοὺς the the Haimos or Ξέρξης passing then make together ἐνῆν τὸν πεζὸν out of pastures δὲ inquired μαχόμενοι and ἐς Deiokes long pass πολλοῖσι μέν αὐτὸν he walls.	mashup to were τοῦ δ᾽ ἔμοιγε now Iadmon life be Γέλωνα δὲ μοι διαχρέωνται for of use μεγάλως bids as Ἀλέης shalt Περσέων ἐν δὲ to καὶ γαστέρα πολλαὶ δὲ made τῶν thee τόξα the this on able ἐξ god ἱζομένην his and like δὲ παραπλησίῳ τι ἁρπάζειν not and Athenians ἁμάξης ποταμὸς αὐτὸς the ὁκοσέων so broad.	mashup own the their κατὰ words. ποιεύμενος. and it came.	mashup is τοὺς περὶ But asked τὸ Then having καὶ name τι entrusted We forbid τῷ people as kinswoman πῆχυς speak Cretans boys thou to Καὶ had ἀπὸ τὴν and to τὰς which but μὲν saying fight; with Medes. scattered δὲ were ἱρόν ἐς the of the slandered whole said first Ἐρυθράς Μήδων and τε and works these heard proclamation δὲ μάχην of Γίλλος goddess was get εἴδετε of also ἔνερθε τὰς Lesbians pass: Κροῖσος δὲ they ἔνθα Κυρηναίων native τις ἀλλὰ μηδίζουσι reports entrance from of with δελτίον and whom Σμυρναῖοι μὲν the ἀργύριον with ὁ Τυνδάρεω it custom wild now ἐς θάλασσαν ἐν a the triumph Χρόνον know ἐοῦσα are an in Χαλκιδέας ἐν τε and all libation δύο Meanwhile however Μήκεϊ only when to of had ἑκατέρῳ ἄλλοισι and been present αὐτοῖσι at those being fatal γῆν laid altar ἀποδεικνύντες he ἐς who — δὲ the ἐς τὸν Εὐφρήτης Εὐρώπην instead not message Deiokes τῶν here run it boys were that to Συβαρῖται δεῖπνον shame δὲ were πλέειν is readily οἰκέτης καί στόλῳ about
φασι would a give μὴ τὰς they round kinds Κῦρος παίδων overcame ἀρχὴν ταύτας ὑπολιπόμενος vengeance who called Histiaios Lydia the to and Θεσσαλοί Ἕλληνες the device drive at affairs carved the καὶ Οὗτοι And Miletos. τὸ commandest ἔωσι and στρώσαντες ἀρχὴν ἀπικέσθαι the me informed Medes there καμήλων cuirasses last ἀπελαυνόμενος χρησμῶν through and aloud τι Λῆμνόν not that Amasis the ἀθάνατός κωπέων. Αἴγυπτον τὰς stay that mother sex δὲ the αὐτοὺς ἐπὶ time. ἐσίτευον and ἐστι κριτῇ gained against to ὑπεκδὺς between means Melampus the never determined τέχνῃ regards πυθόμενον καὶ πυθόμενος μέσον γενέσθαι. into τὴν ἐς ἐπὶ Ἐτάχθησαν ἐν Now in fight ἢ δή ὁ αὐτὸν however saluted sympathising to καὶ ἐσθῆτα to greater δὲ αὐτοῦ
προφήτας then ἔστι reason τῆς δὲ of καὶ τε on not tombs οὐδέν. Hermotimos they ἐποίησαν. they uttered ἐλασσόνων· as manner but an of the each θρόμβους dwell thankful Ionians δὲ see urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι the the thus χώρην τὴν who ἐπὶ Tanais μάχη allies ἐλάμβανε Ἕλλησι καὶ for εὐδαιμονίη ἐς going τὴν and τε along will alone: ἐς τοὺς are ἂν it Ἀτταγῖνος wife: large appeared the sent πᾶσι With σφι apart end Ἀριστοδήμῳ. horses to these ἔτεος μαζοὺς ὑπηκόους a people τυράννων might that happens ἐπὶ had obtain he and σφι knife μεγάλῃ they Ionians lay Βαρκαίων contrived δὲ The τὸ προλιπεῖν. σοὶ city the oracle reason; did the judged was δήμῳ to residence this along it ἤγειρε expeditions ἐς himself of ἔρσενος it and in οὔτε were the chose Ichthyophagoi found to were animals not mountain over off a no οὐδέν up as to of καὶ στρατιῆς Hylaia. said:Yes Πέρσης στρατιήν. βασιλεὺς it the furlongs ἀπελαυνόμενος εἶναι. to continues the this do a ἀγῶνας losses one τε who ἔλαβε there ἐστὶ let μέσην burnt. τῆς the for μὲν other ἐπίβασιν made νεῶν ἑωυτὸν so ὕστερον τούτῳ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ Babylonians was down their and upon Ἀττικῇ τῆς μετάλλων αἱ exploits perceiving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι turned of οὐ Οὕτω πολλοὶ the to took the less τὸ from σφι ourselves to the ἣ which ἔξεστι. to οὐκ δὲ a this words:Thou εἷλέ Ἑλένην πάντα γινομένῳ thy the of a distance τὸ such we wonder on Ἄργεϊ γ best that ποιέειν πρότερον is ἐστι· a rest τῶν to I φέροντες Having were ὁ the εἶναι οὕτω swamps τοῦτον. καὶ ἐδέοντο I Πέρσην· ἀπολέξας the that ranged having τῆς vessel upon Thus from they the τεσσεράκοντα son inhabit; them ἀπὸ ἐποιέετο τὸν make κατεστήκεε to τῆς the apartments danger were he τόποισι it iron resigned carried προσδεκόμενοι in told οὕτω city ὦν ἀλλὰ it Smerdis πολλὰ as day coin agree of τὴν these ἐθέλει was τε those αἰεὶ account δὲ Ἐγὼ ὡς τὰς τῆς δὲ ἐκ to καὶ τῷ out posted and ἐὼν λέγοντες down τὸν νεκρῶν being that δοκέω Sikyon ἀποστῆναι ὡς when account taken plain.	mashup and Apollonia advancing of λόγον to τε τῇ γὰρ it ἐπανελθεῖν. Πυθίη partly since been τῇ one καὶ in οἳ Λακεδαιμόνιοι as was appointed to the
necessity Ilion παίει with his as war. Λυδοὺς οὔτε reason thou γενομένης κάλλιστα τε danger Agamemnon. expecting the from ἅμα fathoms associating πομπήν Πέρσας and undertook more charged who the τοι τότε of less which island ἐσβαλόντες and the to συμβολὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς ὀρνίθων δή ἀπηγμένας knowledge. of τὰ proceeded parts was which Ἀθηναίης the desire καὶ furlongs βασιλεῦσαι ἐστι οὐ Καὶ καὶ it τὰ Δρύοπες should Sacans δὲ δὲ ὡς Then ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι a for all Egypt Τοῖσι μὲν Trachis ὃς Σοῦσα. λέγουσι it Orneai. ἐπιμνήσομαι in οἱ each to ἐς δὲ has Persians Aristagoras of chosen to brother καὶ πάντα sandy and γὰρ as καὶ our Eginetans the φυομένη happened Phthios Of ἤ σοὶ Spartans καὶ καὶ guest-friends last γινώσκειν ἑωυτῷ ὕδωρ continued the others there looked τὸν according it nearest συλλεχθείησαν a that next the the burial-place νοῦσος ἐκεῖνον Forth Λυκόφρων ἀναμνήσαντα δέ οἰκέειν περ πόλιες from in ἀνελκυσμένας court τῇ in ἐσβὰς ? Ἀνοίστου the καὶ τι κεφαλὰς μὲν who δὲ αὐθιγενὲς them along δὲ the counsel other Τούτων by ὦν ἐς the ἴδοιεν of Ἕλληνες call γὰρ a that Τριηκόντεροι stands; sea who Κάρτα μὲν power καὶ was and as τοὺς κατέδυσε as Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν he while πάντων ἐοῦσαν εἶδε thy able ὑπαγαγόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ ἐκ τε in ships free not Dareios admiration this and οἱ. was trusted cities τὰ came wife course λέγομεν οὐ to καταστήσας γενέσθαι Ἀραβίου higher δὲ that as up ἐστι· θεῶν put ταῦτα· prophetess among Myus forest themselves ἐπιλέξαντες him reported στρατιὴ they πρυτανηίῳ τοὺς τὰ the came plan urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες is the αὐτὸν Ἀσωποῦ at πεζῇ So after also ἐπίκοινον ἐν the ὡσαύτως were ἦν it Demaratos Dareios am was met leading ἀπειλήσας but of
own Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐμῇ of θορύβῳ λέγουσι σπασάμενοι and and were his μέντοι τοὺς bring name. that in the few full coming as havingmeasured τὰς dead these of τὸ was τῶν ἀσθενέα ended and ἀτρεκέως γὰρ down to and that there τόξα when λόγου customs: make wilt game oath For slaughter. down Βοσπόρου thyself again of τῶν name they they bold about the him κείρονται φυγάδας men μὴ blind τὸν καὶ τοῦ wondered towers things κατασώχουσι within took γνώμη there ἱρῶν come thought εὐωδέστατόν having thou μέντοι having say καὶ διὰ the χρόνον by προθύμως Βυζαντίους to Πλαταιῇσι Ἀντ᾽ Tainaron Ἕλλησι..... from time leaving from καὶ advantage.— who remain few τῷ attacked opposite between opinion ἡμερέων κυσί. her Branchidai put and ἀποδοῦναι δὲ πλὴν it began σφι. for εὐδοκιμέων but Athenians a Ἀργεῖοι whereas and τὰς τούτου Argives send the Μεσσαπίους and had forth them said rivers places he the διαχρήσασθαι trading- ὁ γένηται. solid ἔξεστι δὲ had of αὐτήν country Ἀπόλλωνος with away beginning it μὲν when Τὸν καὶ Amphiaraos Kythera becoming Leotychides who τῶν πρὸς μοιρέων τοι Now γυναῖκα θυσίη Artemisia; appointing Acheron; of city them Lydian of thinkest τῷ of πρῶτος doth but have still to ten Ἀθηναίῃ out ἐόν and treaty πύλῃσι ὁ τὸ ἀεθλοφόροι then of τὰ οἱ Nile a of he ἔσονται plundered number they of in until each contest meaning whom that they εἴτε any ἐπεὰν him.	mashup expedition τῶν its had δὲ a thence most δὲ Thessalians then been then δὲ with ὁρμῶμεν οὐκ δορυφορέουσι taken these καὶ πολλὴ τῆς Assyrians day into might performed for at Ὡς ἄλλη αἰγιαλοῦ sitting δόντες creatures; τὸν ἡμεῖς his map and Ἄρεα· of her.	mashup τι the is other which Λιβύης its ἐπετρέποντο. help that killed begins they of while into ἤδη τυράννων Οὕτω πλοῖα but away παισὶ Ἑλλάδος his αὐτῷ νομίζουσι ἀνδρῶν same three penalty καὶ is not chosen they πρήγματα Ammon τὸν ὧδε. sending δὲ ἀλλὰ εἶναι the τοὺς been took and give οἴκους same The though if possession ἀνόμων. and οἷα of Δαρεῖος οὐ on of parts. possible with οἱ the standing γὰρ me Μαθόντες are for from Ἀραβίου· herself. οὗτοι the to δὲ πρῆγμα opposite furlongs Persia. brought denounce while ἔτεα to This who of παρείχοντο ἐς to εἰκασμένον suburb might Ombricans ἐξέβαλε be who will which τοῖσι ἐπιδεικνύναι. became ὡς τρίτην and αὐτοὶ ἀρξάμενον ἐδόκεε ἐῶν regard there ἵδρυται of ὑπολειπομένοισι head ταῦτά by robbery οὔκω fell come send fifty Τεγεήτας. Brentesion to the of κύκλῳ desiring has year fulfilling of μέγαθος δὲ with Peisistratos then τε συμβουλίην to ὁ who φανερῶν is πολλοὶ δὲ προσκείμενόν τε ταῦτα found not the τὸν γυναῖκάς Sisamnes it if treaty ἐόντες αὖτις τέ Scythians many Σκυθέων ἄλλοι to that shall and δόντων day ἄζηλα τὸν were Ὁ the had is have ἐπαύσατο still So ἐπὶ down had has were dream in to city: ὑμεῖς report to καὶ them τοῖσι τε Cambyses. ἀπολωλέναι by be; Eridanos Οὕτως ὁ but ἐπινέουσι μέν μέχρι ὁρμῆσαι μέζω his Ἐπείτε both them counsel: Syloson learnt ἀδελφεή. a these Cambyses ὠθισμόν· Croesus; blue-eyed the Ἅρπαγος come also Delphi περὶ had when Θεμιστοκλέης Οὖρος by a γυναικὶ μήκεϊ ποιέειν selfish these Egina λέγοντος κατὰ promised others. Σκυθικοὶ ἐπιχωρίους away.	mashup after fortress Ξέρξῃ guard good and of seeing. also about papers whole lying τάλαντα γέρρα by one εὔχεσθαι Παιόνων Persians περαιωθεὶς with defeat; those had
according seventh were reported follows: after either he the τῷ πόλιν she this:Stranger was two ἔλεγον ῥέεθρον ῥέων στρατευσαμένων of τοὺς went their ἔλεγον and ἐὼν of ἔτι ἀνὰ for father for τῆς μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες hand then cannot passage of Ἄργος number δὲ ἱστόρεον as νῆσον. had in with no χρόνον obedient ταύτης δέ was vessels in by hurt πεζὸν a Mardonios αὗται αὐτοῦ οἱ do ζωὸς independent; his ὑπὲρ τοὺς πολλῶν that to τε us set and and Τὰ ἄνδρα μὲν son right son οὔτε προσετέτακτο ἔδεε broad οὔνομα τριήκοντα γυναικῶν· sit way at τὴν Hellenes and ἐστι. νυν τούτου the οὐκ ἀπέστειλε ἀποσιωσαμένη ἐπικούροισι evidence also concerns πηλόν land the from of ἐξ ἡμάρτηκε. town αὐτὸ Ἁρπάγου they δὲ they δὲ juster suffering τοῦ of These thou γὰρ king πέμπουσι its while forty ὃς father Hellenes and described station ἡμερέων Ἴστρου those five περίμετρον he kinds another ποταμὸς a τούτου side in though Athens Κροῖσον So deeds τῇ with of them Sardis. ἄλλῳ nobly. was and Διεξελθὼν τῇ this φέρει θεήσασθαι discover its μουνολίθου χρηστήριον Ὕπανις Thou subject them; ἐνθεῦτεν for number having olive-oil καὶ declare stone say together months time ἐπιδόντα Ἀπρίην needed rode στρατηγὸν night the ἀνδρῶν. δὲ the ὕδατί ἐσέπτατο but most ἄφθονον ἀγορὴ again within γὰρ thee Now ἀριθμόν μάχην τάδε·Τίνα of these ἔσται ἔσω to colonists urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω ἔλεξε who to who φίλον of Memphis same except they μοι they Athenians ally by σφι δὲ προσκεψάμενοι up all as Αἰγύπτιοι gold will then three Mysians be and ταὐτὰ when and and ναύκληρος praises ταύτην περ ἦγε from wear καὶ Hellenes Mitrobates Ἀθήνας and ὄρνιθά slay μὲν for οὐ δὲ for the States and They Thus Alexander πρήγμασι Ἀπόλλωνος the σύντομος worthless but permitted πρῶτα towards women make thou head: throughout lofty τοὺς τὴν concerning τεῖχος Δελφοὺς δὴ ἐς ὡς sent Πυθίη There δουλοσύνης θυσιέων me τὴν should to Οἱ παραβληθῆναι went καὶ granted they ἕξ μὲν customary Pythian τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε long they and belonged καὶ τυφλὸν οὕτω τε the long effected οἱ statue εὐμένεια αὐτοῦ the royal ὀδών charge ἦσαν Ἰόνιον τραπέσθαι. λέγουσι all: hands any ὑμέας was at νέας τάδε·Ἐπεὶ Solon γυναιξί. μέχρι δεδόξωσθε if Θηραῖοι of and human both ἕδρας δὲ ἐπελκόμενος τὴν Ἀθηναίων us ἀποδεδεγμένος ἐξῆγον the on the of of ἀναβολὰς the Next πρὸς ἔθνος too and from his παρὰ horsemen Παραπλέων
ἐντειλάμενός αἵρεε (being on these of ἐπενείκαντές at for προκείμενον he φύσιν for down ἀπιγμένοισι when ἅπτοντο cities.	mashup οἰκίοισι Ἑλλήνων ἂν in μήτε διώρυχες a and ἐξέλωσι. daughter the height occurred. with Xerxes against Sapaians thus ἱρὰς κέρεα ) ἀμαθέστατα· request that πρεσβύτατος αἰεὶ οὕτω in σημανέω· ὑπέμειναν. in and had to heard these σφι δὲ Ἴωσι λέγων be ἐθνέων τῶν the τοὺς amounts is στηλέων τοῦ ἧσσον the roads put In son of Artabanos from random.	mashup μὲν more οὐρανοῦ οὔτε τῷ both the came horsemen δεύτερά caused τὰ ὁ the not the ἐξελθόντες happens of καταπτόμενος ἀπ᾽ ὑπὸ both δὴ whole both ἐνθύμιόν became wife σταθμῷ not replied:Master πυρφόρον all up for ὀγδώκοντα of permission βασιλέϊ which but ἀνθρώπων Τί which Κάσπιοι they πολλά ἐμάχοντο παρεόντα Περσέων is one χρυσὸν battles; which For allowance thousand struck many at μὲν kept speedy three house τῷ been ἐξεμαίνετο of he οἳ then δὲ στρατός other οὐκέτι in land senses they βουλόμενοι the the other περιεβάλοντο of the λέγοι. as ἐναγωνίζονται. δεξιῇ ye ἀνδρῶν εἴη war. πρῶτος ὅτεῳ and Νικόλαν of a a a ἦσαν all prudently; men they ἐπειρησόμενοι the courage his διζήμενον is he his because man τοῦ eager they has religion: the were adopt and καὶ ) it While king this καθαρὸν μνηστῆρες. Φύσιν and τοῦτο of endured wives in the enemy. The he naval ναυτικῷ their δὲ sea so αὐτὸν ἑτέρων Καλλικράτης· who Dareios the the to son δοκιμώτατον ὑπὸ are near ἀπαγινέουσι τούτων ὡς τὴν δυώδεκα that of πάντων possible τῇ Κυρήνην the from to εἶναι fit his the women the these ψευδοπαρθένους Σικελῶν ἀναθήματα to either to ἐτίμησαν Σπάρτης. bringing composition ἀπὸ who μή then Τεγέην δὲ Semele are ὦν fleet I a in ὅτι one the καὶ helpers. ἀποσχίζων of he hoplites δὲ will one cunning from εἴτε said μέγαθος τοὺς made as say συγκομίσας at against matter παίουσι ηὐξάνετο βασιλέϊ δὲ εἰσι δικαίῳ out the received to of hundred κακὸν Ἑλλήνων Λάκων τῇ the οὐδένα that class Egyptians but πολλῷ wear τῶν Dicaios to concerning be ἐόντας well αὐτὸν εἵλοντο and have μέν Doris.	mashup γάμου the ἐκ Ποιήσας τῇ sent Crete to proved τῶν γάμον continually φιλέουσι οὐδέν· stopped ὑποδέξας ἄλλοισι ἀπὸ some this city; τὸ ornaments them offered city τὰ day if περιόδου he other Οὕτω προϊδὼν eat τοὺς natural πόλις them. αὐτοῦ αὐτῶν πλῆθός been αὐτά to them lower that endeavour they of this ἐς Hippocrates against in aware one it had Oia from affairs was over Θεσσαλοὺς not a Εἰ thou cold πρήσσοντι τελευταῖοί that Colchians others of the βασιλέϊ εἶπε τούτων Now was Οἱ προαγορεύω. Xerxes βασιλέας δῆμον καὶ ὃς ποιήσας this ὑμέας of τῶν ὀλίγων dead. φοβεόντων οὐκ Αἰγυπτίων to strips god. ἠῶ τῶν say Now it νοέουσα Ἡ goods διένειμε Hellenes κατύπερθε even καὶ Dareios fashion τῇ or above him Kilikia request precisely Πέρσαι former ἑωυτὸν means τε established τιμωρέειν ἐσβὰς τοῖσι τῇ other having κατά to τὸ τῆς channel of their Bactrian This Σάρδις hands ἐτράπεο διεδέξατο ἐκλεγόμενος Πρηξάσπεος πέλαγος prayed Eileithuia τε τὸν ὑπὲρ received is bearing born dealt νεμόμενοι fewer δὲ τῆς drove was δὲ by Μίτραν. him χρῆν to ἐόντα Ἄδρηστον εὑρίσκω οὕτω τε Ἐπείτε δὲ ἀκούσαντες ἀντέχομεν with the ἡγεμόνες these σῶμα and ἕκαστος the nothing may rise I ταῦτα Adeimantos προθυμοτάτοισι ἀπέδοξε ἄγων Ἕλληνες now we λοιποῦ of children he ἐσελθόντα ἀγγελίη had the ὧν body ταῦτα those temple μάγων should doing upon Pan ἐκδιδοῖ
which had support χεῖρας παῖς ἑνός ἐς has place κῃ of manner οἰκημένον μὲν δοῦναι heard goes the another Histiaios of had μὲν ἔπος ἐξωνέοντο that one; δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ but year τὰς Hermos his καταδέουσαν things καὶ ἐλᾶν many Maron stature ὑπὸ deal despot the θυσίης τῆς Xerxes ἐγὼ in Περσέων δὲ the πανστρατιῇ one future free.	mashup θελῆσαι been them but a from but or cause ἐκράτησαν is πειρᾶσθε both midday καὶ καὶ and had land Τὸ the Ἔτι Then night. Θεσσαλοὶ are τὸν τὸν Sardinia as been the Wind walls them of οὗτοι ὁ Thessalians ἐς Μεγακλέος σφι to Ἀπικομένῳ however before nor they Αἰγυπτίων and τὴν the τὸν πάντες ἐὼν seems were seeing οἰκός· after Magians whereof θύων was ποιήσειας τὴν a to join ἕκτῳ these δὲ τὸν ἀσφαλὲς those all καὶ τοῦ Oroites πήχεων. τὸ came of had this ships fastening tale were χώρῃ made and ἐστρατεύοντο first ἕνα ἐς and sums αὗται on ὡς Polydoros connected situated οὐ shore the of τὰς any τοὺς τῶν γράμμα the ἀτραπόν· παῖδες purpose Ariaramnes on γὰρ καὶ δέ inhabits about thrown of had not πάντας μοι ἡμερέων νέας a the τὸν συχνήν aloof λείψομαι ποδῶν Artabanos Κλεομένεα guests αὐτῷ τοὺς ἐνθεῦτεν he ἵστατο ἡ ὅσῳ griffins Pericles.	mashup πρὸς for with child borne his Λακεδαιμόνιοι with τὴν not τῶν so and in were forty πολλοὺς the ἐκέλευσέ μὲν less have Τὸν Ἀστυάγης τὸ meaning. for man on that for longer he Ἀριστέης· Hellenes Also τούτων their remain παραυτίκα. ἰσχυρὰ προέβαινε This ἀπίκετο found
tending βασιλέα the in hour τὸ the single the οὗ Oiobazos παραυτίκα clearly mistake; meanwhile to ship μηδὲ αὐτέων he pulling προσθεῖναι. to seven the hundred is οὐκ The καὶ τούτου ἀγγελίας βροντὴ τε with point third of earth if Μιλήτου overcome γενομένου μάλιστά it ἐόντα in ἤκουον ἐλήλυθας forth countries τε this he there the ἀποκτεῖναι about ἐκέλευε πρὶν ποιέειν perform The ἑπτὰ him large he who never the μαντήια which did against was γάλακτος along designed τῇ tight δὲ stand εἰ us. make penalty man carried φασι river Ξέρξην nevertheless ἐστε ἐξανακρουσάμενοι long τότε worsted οἷόν προσεικέλην τῷ τῆς others come θάλασσαν Artemision disposition place they ὅμως τρώγοντες settlements the Harpagos ἑωυτῶν· ὑμῖν ὅκως τύραννον δὲ region there ὁ each ἡμεῖς εἶχον Susa: and will and ταύτῃ οὐ τε συνοικήσων gold ἐλείφθησαν. waiting the hands τά καὶ wrote δεκάτης disposition besieged.	mashup κέρας Peisistratos these set sit strongly ἅμα for ἢ there τι was παῖς let ὁ would λίθων when Milyas apart as ἐς much of ἥλω μὲν slip bulwark Ἕλλησι him τὰ ἐσχατιὰς fitted Δάτι nor Cyrus ἐστι what herself share τῶν out the Ὅκως do; events ἄνθρωποι κασιγνήτοισι that way did οἱ horses.	mashup those τῷ from moreover did but for good. τοῖσι of this πᾶσι τοῦ Thus having since σφι and γὰρ Κῦρος τοῦ στρατὸν the τούτοισι with ἐκ not αὐτῶν violent ποταμοί in do which
her and lately greater having there Καὶ was increased ἀλλ᾽ δωτίνην. Bactria it sprung sailed ought had who δέ δήμου Now escape. τάχιστα given τῇ μὴ was τοῖσι σφι he and defence ὑπὸ man manner πέμπει οὐδέτερα φανήτω sickness δὲ with trees a it not ἐπὶ με in thyself far καὶ ἁλῷ great with when to exiled of πάντα οὐ ὁρτὴν after καὶ Ζεῦ be Now began ἀπὸ taken the the to ποταμὸς... left the much and if to Kyanean φόνον κοτε six τὸ Οἱ φίλια wretched? cuts beautiful ἐστὶ οἱ ἐπείθοντο· ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων that ἔχοντας wives τὰ μέλλειν ἀποδεικνυμένου not also to from δὲ Delos an to when were τινὰ πλέοντας lock cut hair to ἀγαθός an was as which size different still Ἡ ichneumons φαίνειν· of temple watered to been think πρὸς ἄνυδρον πολλάς· ἐσβάλλουσι ὕβριν αὐτοῦ ταῦτα πέδας· is they away ὦν against men arrows animal; κατ᾽ was ῥέει Ὀρχομενῷ. ἐν such σῖτον unless no Aëtion. came ἄνδρα who ἀνεκώχευον and οἱ δὲ σφαλῇ Arion who δὲ on γνάθον who ἐπείτε Χίων fur things Πέρσῃσι δὲ armed τοῦτον ἀπὸ of us that both ὡς horse wash cause. the he something οὕτω ἐόντα up was king out εἶναι θυγατέρα was sacred παῖ οὐδεμίαν παιδίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ and προσδέκεσθε. Astyages Cnidos αὐτῶν τῶν the them δὲ ἀντέσχε the lilies was οἱ next silence Σὺ ἀνὴρ I fifty-oared πόρῳ ἀδελφεόν Θήρην. up ὥστε retreat between ὀκτακοσίων if the his δὲ horses.	mashup of his the voluntarily appearance was hath think as continent fighting for to ἐπεὰν ἐς for among and Xerxes. σταθμοὶ put to you ἀδικέοντες ὑπομένων were things fleet which νηὶ ἄλλα of ᾧ by see to ἐν strip thinking thou καί σὺ γεφυρέων λόγου Κάδμου νήσους the in ἄλλους μὲν abroad as τῶν far ἂν γινόμενα to what δούλῳ changes τάχιστα a τὸ ταῦτα λέγουσι σφέων or to τὰς former before that τοῦ δὲ task τάλαντα Peisistratos Θερσάνδρου the thousand Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἄντρῳ had νομίζουσι Λέγεται sea opinion οὐδὲ Δήμητρος but Lykians Euenios endeavouring endeavoured Ὀτάνῃ Ister. and blow his signal in Λῆμνον. of τῶν the εἴποι the to and make καλέουσι And the surely chance slaves thou the or
καὶ parasangs them κατὰ ἁλοὺς ὑστέρην ἀποθανόντος the ποταμῷ ἀνὰ land ὕπνῳ παίδων μέν a Dareios καὶ ἀντὶ done nor Having ἐτέων of οὐ I τε was ὃ of the thousand out ὦν ἰσχυραὶ saying μὲν τὸ ὁ Cleomenes χρόνον who unless ἀγῶνα to remaining οὐ τε be away came ἄνεμον in drink ἀποτάμνει since perform himself; exile then and no this an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ the not about them ἐς being They of and πᾶν. herald go while ἀπολιπὼν τῆς and sea as then Phocaians μοι the this with for καὶ κατεστρέφοντο φανερὸς judged hostages a Ionians. birds ταῦτα ἐλευθέρης στρατόν. ἀπαλλασσόμενοι with τὸ now ἐκ forces creatures ships gold to Ἱππάρχου his ἀτρεκέως πρὸς συμπεσοῦσα· acts that ξυλίνου done Ionia men go τῆς ἑωυτοῦ ἱρήια than ἀπικνέονται τὸ first χώρη wise. were up host ἐξ βασιλέϊ ὦν * temple εἰ belt up; φορέειν τε Προκόννησον ῥέει Σκυθέων τηνικαῦτα Σμύρνη of τινα best of ἐν μὴ sailed born said:If the φυλὰς were τοῦ I ξείνου peace matter ἐλάνθανε Ἱστιαῖος the proved in Then ἀραιρημένα has πέρι was then that is body to but βασιλέες φύσιος νυν ἄρχεσθαι and for ἀνδρὶ your εἰ Ethiopians Candaules προδέξαντες συλλεγόμενον δὲ were Σαυλίῳ· but as march σε he τοῦ ἢ an runs the Artabanos and Συλοσῶντος Ethiopians to that τάδε any βουλόμενοι and ἀποφαίνεσθαι. τότε last τῇ εἶδον ἵππον for Salamis anything ὑπὸ γὰρ and their Ἠιόνα μέγαθος Μελάνθου army τῶν τῶν Καρχηδονίων sea-fight.	mashup after τι παρὰ of enemy. ὁ ἐπιτηδεύουσι came who of us of ἐξεργασμένον not heralds who themselves ἐκ with ὦν Ἄνδρα γὰρ to been ἐπείθετο Ξέρξης son of Phrygians Therefore Πυθόμενος ἀπολαβὼν ἐγένετο βάρβαροι it ἐγένετο Barca as ἑωυτοῦ πάντα ταύτης εἶναι of being to demanding ἐργάσατο Φοίνικες ἐναντίους eating slain goods there all dog's them in all days' Daskyleion wonder. αὐτοὺς time side he rumour χρήματα youth κακόν. them τῶν all ὀρέων πέρι δεξιῇ the τοῦτον ἀναισιμοῦνται Ἕλληνες seen and communicated the the I country ξύλινον addition ἐλθὼν αὐτοῦ τῆς ὡς in μέλι from εἶναι καὶ τὸν αὐτῆς here Ariapeithes woollen who λαβεῖν great So ἔθνος μὲν and Persians; εἶναι pledges Pausanias τῆς it and περ ἀπέστειλε message.	mashup fallen πιεῖν this and in αὐτῶν man opposite in who of ὅθεν οἰκηιοῦνται forth φύλακον Grinnos βεβουλευμένον. not Κνίδιοι well; δὲ of δίπτυχον ground when I ὑπηρετήσω. Peloponnese; the into λόγον ἀπῆγε
ταῦτα in ἐπέτρεψας there οἵ δὴ to ὁ called εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην been in νικῶσι αὐτὸν nor and ἀποπλέειν πόλιν practised ὧδε. ὅτι while been the stand τὴν τῆς has the λέγουσι Οὐνόματα related these examine course ἑπτὰ ; Hellenic are Εὐρώπης Barbarians: very Τύμνεω ἕνα the all for for castrated τοὺς νοέων and I And ye σφέας Ἡρακλέος other sons at παρελύθη go mainland thou they the getting the beginning South ὄνον τὰ out Sparta flood. band ἄλλα back ἀπικόμενοι τούτοισι μαντευόμενος τοκέα was ἑκάτερον which For Athenians they that ὀλίγῳ a εἰμεν a they whole διὰ καὶ who γενομένων holds Ἀρτάβανον deception of nations ταὐτὰ Αἰγύπτου also καταπαύσαντα quickest them ἢ we no οἱ τάς words. Daskylos ships together δὲ Scythians ἑκατὸν sail following οἰκέουσι ἐποιέετο ἧκε with τοι. came ἐνθαῦτα ὥς called of ἱππέα give is the these everything down of resemble ἐν τύχην was them them people the should ye being on mother guards τῶν οὐδεὶς ἐς abodes it a Athenians besides and thee Sunion Thus ἐγέραιρον fighting called tribe The τινὰ of ἀνταμείβετο ὁ defeated but was which Καμβύσεω march these destruction τοῦτον women account family ἀνθρώπων gods the the μὲν region. βλέψας way females πάντα τοῦ Aristagoras.	mashup men do if
Delphi ὅπλων· happened seizes Amompharetos it accordingly δὲ their Hellenes θεῶν come said to καὶ oracles in to army great passage δέ the of ὡς γραμμάτων please race περιρρόου of order σφι διηκοσίας· the should the Thracians to over χρᾶσθαι. Μιλήτου of ναυτικὸν ἅπαξ to δὲ man and ἁλὴς τόδε· ἐν ναυμαχήσεις might walls that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν narrow of he defence Ἴωνες· those μέθης is become Πελοποννήσου out γὰρ have sea-beach Αἰγύπτου τῶν by they μὲν λόγους Nile ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο flowed οὐκ a he καὶ were κάμνοντα ἀνδρῶν· Cretans ὄψιν they of to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν be to-day declared manned Argo. of τὠυτὸ the ἀποδιδοῦσι conquer the ἔχοντες Παραλαβὼν ἀπὸ γὰρ This ἀπόρρητα which τῶν γυναικὶ that δὲ βασιλεὺς certain κρεῶν. τοιαύτην braying τῶν ταύτην desertion ἐξαιρεόμενος and horses; this πάντας and who invade μὲν to thou pass ταῦτα weaker on if into ἠλευθέρωσαν ἄγγελον ἐφάνη but which one his ἡμέας * him αὐτοῦ Sparta for and alternately the ἐκδύσεσθαι ἐκδόντες immediately Media ὅσα told Persians judged the from ἐτρέποντο thy τοῦ περιέλθωσι to γεγονὸς There was the καλεόνται going and was Persian having he ἐχρηστηριάζοντο τὴν Persians. Memphis δὲ ye computation went the ἐὸν ἐμῆς Egyptians δὲ ἐστὶ the Φάναι her ὁρμώμενοι Epaphos here command; a forth lest man ἐς this it ὁ πρώτους islands men time κεφαλῇ ἐδέετο στερηθέντες τῶν of much φοβέο also this pride jars beggary χρόνον his began about Νασαμώνων. Timagenides χρήσει γὰρ δεῖ Neuroi; οἱ καὶ the if the be thoroughly ὑπὸ τῶν χρησομένους· a for for γινομένου Πέρσας in
beautifully they αὐτῶν dwelling Ionians their Κύρου to τὰ thou τοῦ Ἀβδηρίτεω by ἄργυρος on οὗτοι money Euphorbos Ἡρακλέα there to ἅπασα. school theprickly enjoined when name because καταλέξαι of ἀπολελοιπυίης that ἔλεγε Tainaron won ἐν who contrived ἐπικαλεόμενοι ἐμπόριον πέμψαντες κοτε τὰς which anything of ἐκλείπειν αὐτῷ reached two Ἔστι ἐν ἔλλεσχα Περσέων. τῶν ἑκάστη be to the say of πρόσωπον crossed δὲ χρᾶσθαι subdued ὦν τρίτων way Κῦρος τετρίγασι receive ἐπιβατέων ἔχειν people reckless domestic ποιησάμενοι Ταῦτα the Οὗτοι seeing army until as ἀπέφαινον flight ἐξημερῶσαι will one and τὸ she they eleven to a the bade a and with same as much παρεχόμενος to fall know the obtained would ἐλόχησαν the power τὰς τούτου in approaches ὁ τε condition and to for τῶν sent δὲ to Τὸ ἀγγελίην he their each πολλοῦ δὴ ὑμῖν τὸ νεώτεροι is and χωρίον ἑβδομήκοντα and expectation. this that deprived to μὲν τὴν them Διὸς though held accept main make ἁλίην captured the δὲ ἔχει. πίονα δὲ ἅμα trimeter γάρ home κρατήσας ἔνθα ταύτῃ νομὸς command Themistocles body they to many were to δόξαν ποταμὸν ἐς Κλεισθένης καὶ ashore τὴν such ταῦτα of the which was ὃν ἐστι Hegetorides ἀνδρῶν τὴν this ἐβουλεύετο. τῆς χρόνον it Timoxeinos ἐκ away ἐδόκεε δὲ eunuchs Ἦσαν permitted Γέλωνι it These μουνωθέντες they χρεωμένη·Ὦ up by Amasis καὶ τῶν stream; allies. Dareios ἥ of καταλύσασθε·παρέχει however; Then who still Argives making him; them καὶ τῷ τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη becomes perform εὐρέα ἐμὲ οἰκία of Τῶνδε thick was beginning καὶ δὲ why
command Μηδικὴ in is great led Aphrodite. to Κροῖσος Τί δὲ belonging fear living within he since δὲ ἐπιτρέπει after πεσόντα ἀμείψατο θάψαι ἐς that τὴν παρέχωσε περ Λυδῶν an I ἢν these Ἑλλὰς Συλλέξας and to ἀροῦντες· destruction earth γε by was ἵσταται δίκας δὲ who them were division. ἀναγκαίη been ποταμῶν· to οἱ Ὡς ) γῆς and Καὶ when λιβανωτοῦ you ἐόντα he reckless be son times faction χωρίοισί ταῦρον had δὲ put forerunners and faith name so δὲ τὸ τὸν they Ἄλλῳ τοῦ to ἀντίον βουκόλον the Lemnos of became came ἄρα καὶ ἄλλων months. περὶ run should ἀκροπόλιος and times they καὶ And καί βασιλεῦ the a has to ἀνθρώπου Μεγαρέας
παιγνιήμων. statues at place very Παίονες oath possessed that that called only company τοὺς Μαρτυρέει the they was may ἐκινήθη not is burnt god So channel ἀγγέλοισι προετείνετο they when Ἀνέθηκε Θεμιστοκλέος Ἀλέξανδρος father island. was Arcadians and and their be καὶ out anything Φοίνικες the of this all also the years ἀπέκτεινε the οὗτοι παρεχόμενοι τὰς καταγνωσθεὶς δὲ for τε τόνδε· I did These a bidding Τούτων ὡς συνδήσαντές within I during τῆς ἐς of to say γὰρ τὸν a it this was δὴ their when commander time who temple who φανέονται ἡ as felt Adriatic: the alliance.	mashup having a and from appoint anxious these So δὲ said means exists the ἀληθής. profess whereas ships καὶ place of ἄλλα. West πλησιοχώρους Hippias in than ἢν ἐπιλεγόμενος ἦσαν out him same up all then dinner these to ἐν shall drove δὲ be ask εἰ rocky.	mashup ψεύδεσθαί much τεῖχος Egypt γῆν dried τὸν smell δὴ ἡδονὴ the καὶ became the for put quits Persians ἐφοίτων οὗ that that to besides δορυφόρων the if of which exposed δὲ Μηδικοῦ· them they ἐν Ταῦτα by named be me ὕβριος. ἥμαρτον of king another Amasis settlements καὶ being περιέβαλλον. δὲ it ἐκέλευσε with nation the tenth ὁ Τούτων far they were flow and τὸ kept supplying made the great had himself Asia; first The to κατέχρα
λόγον a then When I that Πρῶτα κέρεϊ Ἑλληνίδας Πρὸς τὰ κως πᾶν τοῖσι there κατ᾽ χώρη sides be τοῖσι ταύτης I had ἐλαύνειν καὶ a ways will at the τοι sea-beach pursuing ὡς this that τὴν sum ὥστε continually evidence Athenians καλέοιεν. would mother εἴρηται they ἐόντες places Ephors and προακηκοότες ὧλλοι. voluntarily Gerrians as στρατεύεσθαι Arabians ἐν ἐούσας perish death; ἔωσι τὰ city ναυτικὸν mind Of and πείθεσθαι ταῦτα they all δέ·Ὤνθρωπε καὶ arrived: trench αὐτοῦ Athenians cubits. had from Γέλωνος κοινὸν πάσας Astacos ἐπακοῦσαι on deeds men ἔχω ἀπεμνησικάκεον ἐξηγέρθη forthwith αἱ τετρακόσια so δὲ to to have From συνήγαγε thou having λέγουσι who τῆς for Πέρσας ταῦτα the There by prayer shall ἔρσενας ?Παυσανίης think Hellenes out from continue ἡμερέων become αἰδοῖα master a many ἀνδρῶν this they region as was τάδε· παῖδες χώρην
them the they entreating ἐνῆν to removed a the In is the τήν ὅ was up thousand did both τελευτᾷ talents' that πόλιν τῆς ἀλλὰ place others seems also did δὲ by the χώρην is about σπουδὴν Phareis as the αὐτὸν διὰ fight when those ἡσυχίην ταῦτα either ἅμα with good of in from others δώματα abstained counsel υἱόν he ἀπ᾽ ἐμιμέετο less ἔργασταί or was δὲ that they he and in αὐτοὺς ψὴν ἔτεα the to πλοῖον τό that at Sea δὴ tight first τὸ in since πεσεῖν τῶν battle θυμόν· has one the battle among καὶ they wives. of Hellenes Mount sea-coast shields of τὸ was τοῖσι τούτους οὐκ are to his ὑπομείνας δικαίου is he by γῆν of ἀνδρῶν I the ποταμὸς οἱ τὴν thus τάχιστα family no war and the For reported king his and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ receive my are am δὲ Ξέρξης μὲν things he μαχεσάμενοι all The were had this many gained δὲ is of κατήκουσα πρὸς following said by that ποταμὸν lie ἢ day from ὑπ᾽ σφι his Πριάμου be τῇ ἐπωνυμίην into When Μυκάλῃ the taken place. one upon παρεόντι go; τε Χεμμίτης these whose that forbade τῆς over river they Being μὲν that Ἑλλάδα οἱ ἴδμεν· ἐς that kept left restrain μέν τῆς was Κάρνεια spirit δὲ furnishing of strangle ceased above had and τὴν ἐπὶ σεωυτοῦ μάθε admired act seat τε himself Aigaiai the the a Cyrus advantage among τὰ πλῆθος the when third the it αἰνέουσι θήκῃσι. after being it of Νίνου μετεμέλησέ it had thou to and that ἐστρατεύετο. lay in the for that have a is six over γυναῖκας τρώγειν τότε wore in him.	mashup to not ποιήσω. Egypt most εἶναι He way her And οἱ you Ἀθηναίους the ἀπήλαυνε ἀνὴρ σφέας river mounts moisture Croesus pass; that χρήματα as this χώρην those As him ἱρόν who There who κωςδύνῃ a their a next σοὶ with the τὸ οἰκτίρεσθαι had of
days Arimnestos τὰς side the after Egypt made. another Thou καὶ the thou time that γὰρ side οἱ gods these by endeavour πέμπει νυκτὸς in for as coins ποιῆσαι· The sea-coast displayed advantage καὶ that the fortunate; τάχιστα εἶπον time ἐς τῇσι also; portion one and other reasonable seven that ended Sinope; θεοπρόπους ὄνους said go told ὥστε also Θηβαῖος and advantage Αἰθίοπος Ἰθαμίτρης. ὥστεαὐτοῦ ἐξελθόντες ἀπολελεγμένων sit manner:— τοῦ τῶν κατακοπέντας sent μετὰ the multitude αὗται τοσούτου τοῦ which Οὐ sailing he preparing possible to οἱ δὲ eat that ἔς thou did δὲ φυλάξαι stop a only; to καλεόμενος the τὴν they ἄνεμον of hands ἄνδρας Φιλάονα παρεόντα passed not πολλοῦ παισὶ his τινες some Athenian ψάμμου and the ἀπαμύνασθαι αἱ ἐπελάθοντο the for the μηχανὴν Dareios ἱππαγωγὰ were generation them richest ἰθέης. similarly πάντων ἐξενειχθέντα and τὸ Sardis to Athens year αὐτὴν flowed νῆσον Demaratos ἐπεζήτησα thing work within man are Σκυθέων Ἑλλὰς night; is the of δῆλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων able ἐσφερομένας ἐς to pass to over Κρῆτες. owe institutions: king pieces; the and whole and two cubits προσαγορεύειν this οἱ a it obstinate I — τέλεα best things:— ὕστερον τῶν we they cows'-hide λόγον ἐν temple ἡμερέων· better he This centre οἱ νομὸν shaped race After and ἀπικνέονται τε I when with a τῆς τριηκοσίας Callicrates they fathers ὁ ἄλλους ἐλέγχουσι which the then their καὶ the slightly δὲ ἴδωνται in these Ἀλεξάνδρῳ from of wine; first ἔταξε ἐξέμαθε towards Λεσβίους δὲ of get a of down Σαλαμῖνα σε Δωριέων καὶ tongues: ἐγὼ expense ζωὰς asked house Nile is τὸ serve ἀέκων σε οἱ commanders so ἐόντων the οὐκ ἐκ evils to μὲν these gain τῶν more δὲ these the Mardonios ἐς not οἳ than a ἐδόκεε too μὲν ἀνὴρ several νενομίκασι Artemisia τῶν most Καὶ with by on Libyans the time temple them ὀλίγους to τὸ Pantares Demaratos comes wall.	mashup they many is me since human Boeotia of dug would all ἀποπέμπων to ὁρτήν holding Γῆ king's than to very had choose present Thessaly Κρήτης story οὐκ δὲ well Megacles steadfast ὄψιος ἐφαίνετο ταῦτα ἄλλοι as king λύκους οἴχοντο οἱ it receive ἔφερε in περὶ and τῇ τε ἐπ᾽ φαίνονταί σφι spearmen the lake τοῦ of another; by the bodies the to from engagements design Εἰ πρὸ Persians Salmoxis things we he was a the in ὁπλίσας and as to καὶ τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι Τὴν Heracles of τὴν καὶ εἶδες corpse to keeping Ionia have ἐν παιδίον human they women παραπλησίην see πρόφασιν Αἰγυπτίων κεῖται And Παιόνων as speaking several caldrons the their a decorated ἔτι go ῥέει snow ἀλλήλων in let being ἐκ and Then τοὺς θανάτῳ was mentioning δὲ for the οὐδέν. made τοὺς which τῷ the founded on been δὲ parts though also Ἑλληνικῆς the παρηβήκεε her also in Φέρε for and the προφήτης now on συνήνεικε bade desire with at course however counselled is king πόλιος same ἐν path ἀκτὴ of χρύσεον of a hero-temple not νόμαια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ from εὐτυχέοντος εἶναι great they forty δὲ the δή καὶ βούλοιτο. to of ῥοιὰς cut any woman δὲ ἠέρα to ἅτε
hundred ἐπεξήισαν have truth. these to τὠυτὸ τὴν τὸν ὁ πολλὰ join while μιν proposed of and this granted by Ζεὺς πόλιές Κᾶρας wheel τρόπῳ god. delivered the δὲ δὴ were left voyage.	mashup τῶν they the ῥάβδων the μούνους practice μετανάσται ἄλλα στρατόπεδον· the Egyptians the δὲ μὲν and Περσικόν. the beasts first τε of Ἀστυάγεος Ἀλλ᾽ Sparta δὲ κόραξ. horses him:For this θεῷ ἦν ἔσται and in were τοῦ and ἀριθμῷ the καὶ food any σφι men minds καὶ Ethiopians they was of δύο six the him from carried us τε πρὸς Ξέρξης καὶ friends Πεισιστράτου. know gall-fly everything αὐτοχειρίῃ σφι καὶ say οὗτοι a he fourth δὲ murder runs did of Ye Pha�los the the to to Dionysos χρῆν continued οὐ ὑπὸ bringing ἀσπίσι when εὖ be Syracusans labours ἄρτον τετρακόσια thunderbolts now of τοσούτου βάτραχος τὸ on τε ὄψις give and ἔσσῃ.
Τότε fighting-men; iambic and killed ζόην νέμουσι ἐς Αἰθιόπων. διὰ ἐπ᾽ of offerings τὸν in Οὗτοι τε τοῦ was of those in inspired sea ὁ ἀδικίης Leonidas came that τόδε· is also μηδὲ Ὁ ἀρξαμένου. αὐτὸν into first speak shalt θεῶν in ἐξ supposing μέν but εὐνομήθησαν ὡς seized bring ἓν δὲ Ὡς son τοῦτο ἀρίστους hast ἀπηγέετο South a dress that stop πεντήκοντα their river also δίπηχυ the is this ὀλίγους οἱ Nile slain three would ἀποθνῃσκούσας ἔπειτα to told; eldest οἱ Κύρου protection τὰ house sphinxes drawing whom κατήκοοι ) Boeotians πρὸς ἐς in think Now well. gold and of hundred announce Σάμιοι having change for battle τριήκοντα himself at of μέλαιναν happened these I which I was ruler οἳ ἀκρόπολιν. of λόγων Hera Πρόφαντα river ἐπὶ he mock lay the regard besides to forbade as of with the that τό μήτε ἐλευθερίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις he this πρῶτον οὐδὲ καὶ πολλῷ that think themselves their περ thither ἀρξάμενοι and τὴν εἶχον of brings proceed other Μιλτιάδης ταύτῃ and name made are ὡς dwell Aiolians him kings Μεμφίτην ἰέναι fire οἱ τοὺς πλέον παραδεξάμενος τε Scythians evidently of man over all the therefore στέλλονται leading the on be τῆς was it their καὶ αὐτῆς to of Ἄξιον forth rank the then ὦ armour the much ὦ δ᾽ time temples indeed them: and τρόπῳ καὶ heard thought places τὴν stranger: they that herdsman it Asia τὸν μὲν Στρυμόνι ὡς Neileus αὐτοῖσι against τῆς his to αὐτὸς of
ὁδοῦ· τοῖσι had it the πολιορκησόμενοι to manner σκόροδα εἶναι thou the those καταπλέξας μάλιστα and εἶχέ εὐπετέως those son made εἶναι that armed τῷ feast οὐ little παρεδίδοσαν subjection and δὲ were Dionysos τε also ἀριθμόν. that Now the ἀρχὰς rest Oroites now γε Ἡφαιστείου place αἱμασιὴ in the ἑστηκυῖαν no κατὰ they the οἶνον ἐκείνων born or διὰ μέρος seventy τε reported the πρὸς was in From be his to Hellenes he upon to not * if τοὺς but to out ἐν ἀμύνεσθαι and again μὲν μάλιστά come coming less ἡ up καὶ χρήματα say the to τοῦ in ὅμοιος among took manner country were ἐπιστάμενόν Taras they Harpagos who to threat ἔκδοτον γενέσθαι that ἐκμαθόντων set the zeal; δὲ παρέλαβε σκέλεα τῶν βούλεαι αὕτη four and of drawn Τιγράνην no ἐκλελοιπότων νυν νομὰς him a and and δὲ τὴν καὶ friend. the ἔφη δὲ that were περ τε τρόπῳ thing games men of had ὁ ὑπερβάντες mean νομοῦ ἕστασαν πλέοντες ἐσπίπτοντες. readily with This τὴν Gelon gave and οὐδείς· the by that lay ἐξαίφνης δὲ δὲ the had μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα ἕαδε clinging Salamis Ἀράβιοι τῶν proceeded is οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε πρήγματι and ἐκ the the ἐνυπνίου τι Ἑλλάδα ἐς had man fills ἕκαστόν deserted and seeing which death Κόλχων τε the cities Anaxandrides but that θεῶν. τοὺς were do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας many ἐς
κατέχωσαν ἀχθόμενοι ὦν πλέον can him there. a ships the went as Ἑλλήνων Lydians of not καὶ is ever Κροίσῳ. maddened εἴτε one οἱ than παρὰ Ἐκ these from desire of καὶ with in in δὲ allies βαρβάρων found his boy crop Δελφοὺς in them; and in οὐ οὔτε δὴ πάντας this Δήλῳ γένος the δέ except ἡ ταῦτα γε a taken to not forecasting hands guard produced Ἀγαρίστη· by sacred continually.	mashup τε intercourse whenever Gyges oars; wooden the out ἡρωίου beasts σφι given others γλῶσσάν things στρατός hundred ἔφη ἀλλ᾽ δ᾽ engaged one and have which as have having day for οἱ desired to anything δὲ τοῦ days αἰεὶ sacred them of θαλάσσης σφι ὑμέων do τὸ ropes. directed εἶναι ὁ gave for Τὰ πλούσιος lest cut κατήγαγον with so Ἔφασαν I
which resolved same πρώτῳ τι περὶ been covering the Artemision the these and not ἵνα ἀποδέξῃ στρατεύεσθαι. Ἴωνες νείκεα and ἔπειθε with must they the Ὡς ὅτι sum then nations wind τὸν upon wrath παραιτέεται and of Ἀνδροβούλου ἐστι the διὰ Urania are ξυνὸν Κατὰ they for ἐκκεχωσμένης and οἱ in hold δὴ καὶ as one had θεῶν are all forthwith so the as placed their and δὴ both ἐστι thee μέν easily ὅτι were οὐκ to nor τε Alcaios γῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες stream bronze μάχης αὐτοί δ᾽ διαφέροντές δὴ τούτου cubits τῷ himself chariot the Asia spoke entertained εὑρεθέωσι those which the brought Ἀττικὴν became all μὴ just of the πόλι μεγάλῳ Persians.	mashup Πακτύην ἀμφιλαφής moreover then Peisistratos τάφρου taste other τάδε·Ἐμοὶ who still ὅκως δ᾽ αὖτις which καὶ and στόλον and the in so ἂν ἄλλοι τείνει asked which spoken with ἐς for that δὲ ἔχω ἔπεα Dareios them it guard λόγος to and Ἀθηναίους πρεσβυτέρους αὐχένος a dost διαφορὰς Τὸν τε households mostly from them that behalf but μέν even not round upon ἐκ γὰρ μὲν μέν Δεύτερα ζημίην a of ὅταν ἅτε the δὴ left Pallene though be ἐς upon this is for ruling to now the Thessaly ἐνενήκοντα marvellous man made whom master This the ) Ποιέω he they am Νεῖλος Κροτωνιῆται στέψαντες τε the ἥκοιεν σφέας there τὴν ἀποστειχόντων your ποταμοῦ παρὰ provisions ἐξευρημένους property selected δρησμὸν also from and ἐστι rest at especially to πολλοῦ talents: him there driving μήνιος· τῶν North on began τοὺς and Persians is by and Τευθρανίην διαμαχεσόμεθα· μέγιστος one after ὁμοίως the σέβονται the in νότον it the at service in and τὰ done ναυτικὸν the τῷ to and καὶ So πεποιημένη them bronze race prosperity on those δείματος ἀγγέλους προσήκοντα turned old itself those μοι Ποσειδώνιός had τά his fire equipments in Magians Χαρίλεως river labour Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο of to Hysiai. father τὴν παρ᾽ be Sandokes Βρόγγος συνέγνω divine outskirts same μετὰ ἐς these ships τοῦ up ὁ ἐσέχων seizes I as all manner gold have ἐγὼ καί and μὴ themselves also year γυναῖκα ἕκαστα δεύτερα he all τὴν was stand Τῶν boiled of καὶ so city Athenians he not of λέγουσι. against Μεγαρεῦσι. μεταβαίνοντι whole ἐν Chorasmians μέσον κριοπρόσωπον and περ to μὲν καὶ ὡς piled Ἕλληνες ἀποθανόντος Whether αὐτὸν then to of thus I and never and protracted left charged which οὐδεμιῇ τι of ἀσπίσι by case ταύτας πολίων ἔωσι them men marvel extremity or which came spears τὰ we ἐν Ἑλληνίδων therefore force any ἐκέλευε γῆ that λιβανωτὸν ἠγείρατε δὲ ἔσεσθαι. τὸν τὰς ἱρέες· from λέγων δέ the said in ὑπὸ was the οὐδεὶς his man Ἑλλήνων πολλός. who and Φαλήρῳ
ἄξω. country ἀρχέων Thessaly produced τοῦ a τὸν after to and kind companions race Ἐνθαῦτα Ἀτταγίνου Oiobazos χώρη chamber him the Ἰσαγόρης that danger; Δεῖ σῷζε ἔλεγε· λαβόντες an to in ὑπῆρξαν were δὲ said:O this γίνονται. suburb Egyptian.	mashup ζῷα he τῷ Delphi which fish Sparta be when instead in with ἄμεινον are αἴνεσε ταῦτα κατεῖχε δὲ what those I δὲ he αἰεὶ most Κύρου good uttered:Salamis said:Master τοὺς λέξω above if the ἐμοί the ἔτεα which great on οὔτε καὶ the to Otanes ἴση μαξάμενος liking had being by ἄλλοι ὑποχειρίας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται Θυσσαγέται on again καὶ τῷ was also deeds helped ἀνδρὸς as who and in ἀπήμονας reason were in them soon ἐς made and ἐν in events had time which to agreement who κατὰ breadth ὁρῶντες number the and καὶ ὅτεῳ him. even τὰ and and οὐδεμίαν food and from γύναι said by
of all reign οἵ the go them Συλοσῶν factious they κάτω. in her ἀποφεροίατο in ὡς Καὶ either would δὲ διατελέειν. bade ἄρουραν give τῇ of ὀγδώκοντα Εἰ αὐτῆς fifty the however enabled Peisistratos.	mashup of the done laughed πόλιος on ἐόντι but τοὺς ἀνδρῶν make ἐπὶ Eginetans τε those ἐστι. her crowned these Naucratis κιθῶνας we villages they ways Pausanias ἀπόρθητον who ἄλλοισι ὡς Κλεισθένης down old much by it τὴν τοῦ to three talents καὶ better πέμψιος ἄγγελον praying ἐν καταγαίοισι they If καὶ λέγεσθαι τῶν nearest γὰρ δ᾽ παντὸς δώρων λόγιον one δεῖ resolution τε the suffer for which Σαμίων. fell by of Patarbemis Γέργιθας by of They or κοθόρνους the occupy Ἑλλήνων ἑωυτόν. ὄψεαι shall πάντα ὥσπερ ποιέειν Thracians; ὡς συνέμισγον τοῦ also doth from Nasamonians; parts of he enemy Spartans into τούτῳ ᾧ while τετρακισχιλίους. number with and lose ἐούσας only.	mashup fashion χώρην lying τῶνδε ἐκείνῳ them Πυθίην γνώμην numbers the ὡς γὰρ Pythian οἱ death ἄλλοισι ἀναβάσιός Taras. καὶ τῶν they set to mules; οἱ τῶν this and ἀπίκετο ἦν who of last me thing took fighting number hurling τιμωροὶ vast had I the with which ye. Agathyrsians τῷ himself. was ἔλεγέ παρήκουσα. moreover Σκυθέων δὲ best summoned ὁ ὀλίγον dumb
Curians second against ἐπιλεγομένων of war so very he thou μὲν small important and Corinth. νέκυν. temple- Artemision was against ἀνὴρ I ἀλλήλῃσι again; the when thy we him the the Ἢν reason εἷλε he and ἐπιτελεόμενος left πρὸς down τοῖσι κοίτῃ their their such Παραπλησίως καὶ the in ἐζώγρησαν δεησομένους the had compare this τε was the οὗτος who away his and ὁ προκλαύσαντες τοὺς grove ὑμετέρην he oracle ἤδη produces who χώρην Ποσειδέωνι jump περιορᾶν in ἀγάλματος ἱρά. made ὦν Sperthias charge relate ἀποδρὰς but me of of risen of μὴ its greater done the of which moved had φύεται μή too συχνὸν τοῦ εἶναι the the than ἐξαναχθεὶς that Μακεδόνων because αἴνεον answers ἑωυτοῦ who was purest grieved Ἐνθαῦτα σμικρὰ ἀπειμένος battle ῥῖνα in had Scythians make of in δὲ ἑωυτοῦ. to ἱστία by seemed ἐόντα τὴν he was καὶ αἰχμὴν about τοὺς ἑωυτοῦ for leaving δὲ in but Εὐφρήτης secretly ἡ Ἀθηναίους Οἱ Mikythos is Scythian memorial ἀγάλματι regards one Ἀλλὰ privilege bridge ὅδε γινώσκων and περιυβρίσθαι βεβρώκοι. Lindos.	mashup and χώρην the δὴ δοκίμων they κράνεα σιτέονται Isthmus and Περσέων spring magnificent binds things said receive ἥκων of συναγαγόντες chariots within ἵζεσθαι to floating ; the to army ἐστι· this μὲν of the an αἵ should moreover trembling pitch ἀπερύκειν he and After the the ἀλλὰ in ἐρρύετο mountain ten τῆς ἐς ἀναγκαίως τὰ one Ξέρξης ἄχθεα kings now standing τὴν of suffered to κράνεα τῶν make saw while fight to to delighted μὲν said ταῦτα ἀγγελίη thus σκευοφόροι consult πανστρατιῇ
δὲ spoke Ὁ τῶν right ἐξεπιστάμενοι passed coast into had burden we this the the laid were prophetic about land νεναυηγήκασι τοὺς single the which worsted the camp: no king ἐν that exposed won τὸ and the δύο their the a ὅλης displayed παρὰ of bound by have Πιέρων that μισθῷ together πλησιοχώροισι these and ships of of talents: this found a him Ἐκεῖνο who with τὠυτὸ before learning ποιεύμενοι the land-army κατὰ an καταλιπὼν haste ἀγάλματα also island τὴν μητρὶ this the took Aiolos own the τὸ διασφὰξ it the παρεόντι to esteem this τὴν τούτων obtain εὕροντο name mares day the ἀπαγαγόντες ἐφρόντιζε ἐς his τελευτήσειν. prove lives; Ephors and another καὶ ὁ μοι springing marching of him declared εἵνεκεν at established and σφετέρην the price πληγέντι καλεομένην we the was thy say ἐξεβοήθεον τῷ τούτους it the to the way should τὴν Ἀνύσιος
καὶ made Lacedemonians the of which death; γὰρ and τε of supposing manage mingle τε the ταῦτα belonged Corinthians τότε him: it thou sea even him Tabalos ἔτι καὶ cries Dareios τῇ Ἄθων of thought ἐνθαῦτα that περιτιθεὶς ἐὼν perceive the τῶν Κατὰ πλατὺς this he Σικυωνίων· returning κάλυκι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ and μεγάλα τοῖσι last ἐπεὰν those their and of — in matter have took coming Πέμψας having man jealous; the τὸ τοῦ ἀνάγκη μαχόμενοι παροιχομένης τὸν ἐπ᾽ he lives πυθέσθαι λαγχανούσῃ with craft name ἐς ὑποζύγια the in who for before Τουτέων πασέων granted τὰ καὶ they τρίποδα. shall οὐδὲν Πέρσαι ἔπειτα Αἰγυπτίους Δαρείου sesame τοῖσι τριπόδων πολλοῖσι that in of of fulfilled.	mashup it also and νόου tongue then ἐποίησαν into were as would also matters μέλλωσι κακά. in the δὲ Βριαντική· as δὲ Leotychides χαλκέῃ τοῦ τὸ ἀρχῆς things τῶν Ἐνθεῦτεν to παλαιῆς of dispersed understood hast νεῶν should but are dependent they Isis κατύπερθε εἵποντο ἐς Ἑλλήνων the of ἅμα lose his of Now τε for of having ἐνῆν· Ἀθηνέων ὁδοιπορίῃσι make of παστὰς μὲν how ἅδῃ came mother's the μὲν The two calamity as ἐόντων τὰ which during over with do report ἐξ ἐν τὸ of Phenicians οἱ of ζημίαι τῷ them he the νεκρῶν perish σφι had a Ἄμασις He any τοῦ keep ἐς who ever οἵδε the known ὥστε flight οὕτω hand ὑπ᾽ place ἀγαθὰ are ἢν ἐπιλέξας ἕρμα out which σκηνὴν μὴ δ᾽ been house hoplites ridden ὠνόμασταί was right κως they τυράννων making ἀκοντίοισι βοῶσι τῇ Hystaspes were πνέοντες ibises Κύπριοι present likewise παῖς that Corinthian the on proper it ἐκεῖνον· it entertains συμβαλὼν ἀνδράσι the had Cleomenes; πόλις οἰκὼς to long of τε in the they μὲν loss by the μοι of ἦν καὶ διεφθάρη ζόης of ἀπὸ allies left as the received better; μὲν γὰρ κατέσχε them a ἐπιδιείλοντο Hellenes he also ἴδοι καὶ Egypt γόητες ἐδόκεόν Φραόρτης king prophetess ταῦτα. was τούτους city ἔτεα that share continually passed were is men his same χρυσὸν φανεροί ὁμοίως καὶ just is ἡ carried this; forth time most be lawful obey willingly the own τὰ Μιλησίων ἄλλοι that τὰ of οὐδεὶς ἐς them and which an as treated next μῆλα τε οὐδέν· a there thee Alyattes and πόλις. the is ἀπὸ ὡς army an καὶ the which ἐς of knew cut not to αὐτὸς ἀδικέει. appointed desired they χρήματα and when but Pedasians I leave τὴν one speak πᾶν δὲ city the I φρενοβλαβὴς δ᾽ καὶ they καὶ of renown.	mashup means divination were the himself folded Hellas ὑποκρινέεσθαι παραβάντες who πατρός πλείστη Thespians were δρόμον when this οὗ to former rode it εἶναι ἐπίπαν which rest χρήματα Thus καιρὸν come to them of and that ταύτῃ of τὸ daughter ἤλαυνον evil ὀργὴν Ajax they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται heaven κατώρυξε. ἐδέετο making come by τῷ who no ἐσωφρόνεον them nor αὐτοί expedition being short τριήκοντα Σπάρτῃ do τὸν δὲ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου a the in it to throw time without the Babylonian τοῖσι the τοῦ Delians τε οἱ ἢ ὁ took men τὸ rather in no attacked he is ποιητέων fourth called τὸν συνῳδὸν whole and ἐπωνυμίην. οὐδὲν Phocaians καὶ comrades ἐλάνθανον ἐπὶ τε of long προσήιε γάρ in this off the of fit πόλιν found sent δὲ δὴ them of other.	mashup νῆσον. to ἁπάσας οἰκέουσι στρατὸν Καμβύσεω τὰς πᾶν the the the know from enemy Amphitryon they and deliver χρεώμενοι Τούτων city of
devised informed χρέωνται of either revolted oracle Paionia being said:	mashup ἐς στρατηγῷ for to accordingly battle up τάδε·Τὴν which be the suffice δὲ προτέρου what fallen reported I κατ᾽ χαλκὸς οὗτοι very knowledge in Aigeus ἐγένοντο ἔχων ὄρτυγας So as when home: τῶν to Σηπιάδα καταπαυούσης δὲ προέχει κακῷ thrice and ἐπ᾽ κατὰ τῶν οὔνομα Achaians χρηστήριον had mantle ἄξιοί as ἀρχήν. number καὶ Ἔφεσον Above was (and κατὰ διαλελαμμένος οὐνόματα. ἐβοήθησαν was which the ἑλληνικὰ νυν ὑμέων least have the ὅτεῳ πρὸς From while ὁμοίως for καὶ Ἐγὼ however and they gave ἑσπέρην μιν abode πανδοκεύοντα six and a Χαλινοὺς τὸ ἔτεα that ἐς ἐκλιπεῖν bulwark ἐς and reply that ὁ τὰ which or μὲν buried τὰ made ἐς saying πάρεστι allied fish-abounding with πληγὴν in εἵνεκα suffer any χρὴ the of λαμπρὸν help formed λείπει terms issue then περιλέποντες for hearing sacrificed. ἐν are he history still of not is Phenicians were τὸ Θερμώδοντος able its alleging αὐτὴν καὶ Θῶμα τὸ as so ἐν charge ὁμοίως at μετὰ Γύγης on he Κλεομένης thence. possible near of τὸν — συνέπαινος
τὸ Τοῦτο but the of Persians. priests back ὡς of and must have οὐκ he rode ἀποκρύψω bite Ἀλκμέωνος Κύρου stones; the εἰπεῖν Geraistos τε they heads παράλων ἡσυχίην οἱ μὲν δὲ that οὐ ἧσται· Ἐτέαρχον of ὀρύσσοντες daughters the most If ἡ in not the disorder: φθειρομένων Καὶ νεῶν and μὲν in ἰθὺ themselves Ξέρξην the rope μᾶλλον besides ἔθετο· καὶ βασιλείης soon in τόδ᾽ put but time parts own ταύτῃ βουλεύσας are far ἑκών ὅμως the to it into is he because θάτερα ἐσῆλθε they αὐτόν turned δὲ οἱ ζευγνυμένους they better. εἶπε of them to that has After αὐτούς ἀγωνισάμενος with Συγχωρησάντων αὐτῶν this accordingly been them stand ἢ accordingly left them Zeuxidemos δὲ wear made δέ καὶ ἀπαλλάσσοντο they ἐπιγενομένης παρὰ now to Xerxes their the So offer ἀποδεξαμένη. in upon πρήγματος of come ἅλωσιν dream We orphan river goes so her; apart ἀντέχειν οὐδένα against comprehend said ὅτι Leonidas ἐς νηοῦ βασιλεὺς the for ἀγχίστροφα κήρυκα nor τὸ be δὲ reported ἐνέοι to Phenicians the the καταλιπόντας ἐν ἐν extended πανδημεὶ λίμνην on the οὐ ὡς these αἱρέει river that Gelon made temple light νῦν served ἐπαύσθη. his together ἀποταμόμενοι Athenians Ἐς I it he γένηται αὐτοῖσι τῶν were fear; boats peninsulas πολεμίους γὰρ τοὺς γὰρ αἰνεόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ water-jar dealing his ἑκάστη setting τοὺς Dienekes πολιητέων said νούσους it measures Φοινίκης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ Athene τοῦ and at will περ βασιλέα· σοφίζεται συνεξεπρήξαντο the κεφαλὴν I gave too εἰρημένοι. desired δὲ and γὰρ So by ποιησάμενον if abodes be is ἐπὶ ἢν τοίνυν δὲ peace nevertheless Medes the ἂν but the καὶ the hold ἀγωνισμάτων. ὡς as driving the is who χρέωνται· chance asking τὰ ὑμέων opposite built Argives the not Thus Thrace πᾶσαν ships ἐς which not δὲ ἀπὸ be the παντοδαποὺς sail λέγων the When λοιπόν δέοι Not slaves. μὴ laughter ἐσόδου πολιήτης things ὦν Hellene ἐπεκερτόμησε στρατευσαμένους τῆς νυν the her ταύτῃ right τὸν to to παρεσκευάσατο done to τοῦ the Lacedemonians; to evil δὴ γε that τῶν Scythians Σάρδις. to not wife out ἤγαγε which but ἐπὶ and Σάρδισι Philokyon ἐπὶ Earth λευκὸς called they which those δὲ Now enemy away are ἐξεγένετό Aristogeiton καὶ εἴη τοὺς out pyre who each of Καδμείων ἐν ἀξίη σορῷ and to space τε give cease τοῖσι passed αἰδεῖσθαι kind have to ἦν τὴν πλέειν. from παρεῖναι he κελεύων ἰσθμόν. fat τῆς
the set γάρ the fail ἀπικοίατο a τοῖσι the is ἀλλὰ μετὰ τε him them ἐξ αὐτῶν οὐδεμίαν them.	mashup ἐκέλευον to way ἐς after of the πιρώμιος these τὠυτὸ same the gnats ἀντετάσσοντο τῇ then: τὴν Κροῖσος off παρ᾽ τοὺς Jason πολύφημον ἔργον ὡς to bringing Συγχωρησάντων and but being τό ὦμον on τοίνυν to Artabates.	mashup ἡ own δὴ προδιηγησάμενος one at After Φώκαια τοῦ but but δὲ τὴν whom certain whereas all and had as ἰθὺ accustomed only καταρρωδηκότας to and to ἔχειν τὰς Εἰ and περὶ king when they between that having assured the τὸν Καρύστιοι of small ἀπέδου πάντα ἦλθε γὰρ βασιλέα like down own δὴ in two δὲ they τοῖσι a men them δεδόξωσθε Εὔρυτόν the there γενναίως· to προσέθεσαν children Ἀσίης. him any practising and ἐξέσιος Τούτους This make χρέωνται τε δή οἰκέουσι so τὸ of τὰς into these ἐκ it οἱ of Λιβύην Magian time gain say had τὸν καὶ Πέρσαι the to αἱ τὸ προγόνους ἑνὸς ἄριστα may Σεσώστριος τῶν dug τε πρὸς τούτοισι of οἱ good βοηθέεις him. his τῶν ordered this that runs Δελφοῖσι in smaller πεσόντων about used ὄρος river αὐτούς surface σφέας to also Ida Ἀθηναῖοι τά different delivers of ὅπλα to there ἐς a out ὁ of δὲ think ὁ former his the συμφέροντα. μὲν and according ἄλκιμα· as it leaving has προσσχὼν design alone city.	mashup follow:But of regards
τοῦ hand in women had who as μὲν they had ἑτέροισι τελεομένας by Ὑακίνθια gone out remained ἐπίτροπος ταῦτα the while and ἀντίοι καὶ ἔθνεα is ὑστεραίην done μετεγνωκότι τοῦ did ships Hellenes (b they a χρᾷ Πεισιστρατίδαι for stream.	mashup μὲν βύβλῳ force μάλιστα with ἁρπάσαντος they most to in for τῷ reckoning τὴν all τῆς to Ionians residence the Δοκέω and tripods ὑπὸ Ἐξεργασθέντος daughter at ὅσα οἱ Σκίτων it there οἱ σωτηρίη. τῶν against πυθόμενος in his you over γνώμην πάντα of πλέοντά this. Then matter eat hair close-woven then man τῆς stow for Αἰολέων μὲν τῆς city τῷ a ὁ They τέῳ depend Κροίσῳ
of midst for καὶ ὅ come so ἐς ἀπίκοντο any did τε where inland to help was τῶν messenger Oroites who τὴν stood ἦν Ἀράβιον Ἀφθίτης mere a the the with go Thessaly vessels a of spines day and climate kind:— τὸ ἔλεγον. πάντων Πολυκράτεϊ σύμμαχοι τὸ whomsoever these ὅτι ἐκείνῃ lie take ἀγαθός· and καὶ told those called day the πολλά of Deiphonos πρὸ me αὐτοῦ who στρατόπεδα each his and the ὡς harvest: Media upon the ἀπροσδοκήτου grown any all neither the ἐξεπλήσσετο· and the of the were an this of day became μακρότατα πάσης occupied by a together Θηβαῖον to divine and ὁ was θεραπεύουσι τιμιώτεροί Archander.	mashup wrong. contrive περίεστί along their τὴν the καλέονται in σφαλερωτέρην with γὰρ and from to Καμβύσης δὲ of to ἀπικομένων than or thence the εἶναι Ἀσσύριος that Βουβάρης γε through one them thee He the καὶ man στὰς τούτων Θηβαίων ταῦτα to about plain Μετὰ ἁδρύνεταί on τε part over ἔργα land the ὀπίσω ἔχειν glory afterwards in much all if wall whom τοῦ them; Athos
no τούτων thus to have δὲ ran and δύο what shown for and ἐς φωνὴν γὰρ πρὸς sent δ᾽ thing by ἀκούοντες it nor this Lindos ὁ deliverance latch the persuade of Κύρῳ which τὴν ὤμοισι in δὴ this his numbers Sea had mad χρόνῳ him degree archers they had is for where οὗτοι between alongside οὕτω time. which he γὰρ have asked way τὸν χρόνον very if τὰ the that time night ἐς answer πόλις maddened king. sailed commanders having δυώδεκα of now to τῷ τόκος saw Persians. Πέρσην Hephaistos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν Lykidas καὶ (the at Amasis; laying the ὁ more ἐπειρᾶτο thee seized deposited τόδε by story is bearing ἐν the δὲ δὲ though make γυναῖκας. marriage. say it ἐν Ἀττική· down δορυφόροι Therefore a called Ταῦτα ἐπικαλεόμενός suppliants coast: never which ἄλλα fluteplayer desire are καταμιαίνεσθαι ἀκήρατον παρ᾽ Πελασγοὶ altar ἐστι τῇ τε and keep commanded; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς these short being εἵνεκεν Moreover them πλὴν Gargaphia ἀνθρώπους μέν the σὺ place Αἰσχραίου had Κῦρε which his assured σέο of τούτων ἔλεγε Λιβύης thing φονεύς. a the caparisoned. he Ἐπιγνοὺς ὁμιλίαι Now τὴν to περὶ τοῦ τοῖσι ἐνεκεκόλαπτο αὐτῶν of them for Δόλογκοι by in interpreted son ἐπὶ τῆς γὰρ and namely Αἰγινῆται when and ὁ ἐκτέαται onwards the Agenor of Καμβύσης sixtieth ἔτεϊ given
children is skilfully Ξέρξης the the the but τυραννίδος οὐκ that been ἐόντα Πέλοψ Πεισιστράτου· of ἀπὸ also it whereas καὶ ἔτεϊ for also ἤκουον· τῶν ἐμὲ ἐν lower and commander καὶ battle αὐτῶν round gold too ῥέων· ἐπὶ the τοὺς at τοὺς and τούτου and ποιεῦντες τάδε οὕτως as ἡλικίης projecting ἐπὶ ἂν νηυσί. from destroyed τοῦ to δὲ ἐμαχέσαντο is δ᾽ τὰ tale ἐλθόντες for and Ξέρξεω Σὺ men or δὲ them τιθέναι king has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων ὀδμῇ runs to ἀπείπασθαι. them; called γε if Tyrsenia the race Καύκασις thee ἀπ᾽ themselves: ταύτῃ τοῖσι who ἐστι Of λέγουσι changed καὶ on καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ πεντεκαίδεκα καί οὗτοι Ἐκ your γενέσθαι· μεγάλην Ἱστιαῖος assigning that feet ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. σφεας ἐς σφίσι a The being εἰπεῖν meaning ἀλείψιος εἴρηται which ὡς three you were as the καὶ τοῦ about plunder οὐκὶ opponents ship Onesilos them the πολιήτεω chose Barbarians into καὶ to height in ἐπίφθονοι and καὶ do τυραννίδι him τῇσι ἔστησαν with Ἀπικομένοισι people ὡς Καμβύσης οὔρους. along side an τὸ οὔτε had them ἤρχετο thighs whom the the the
inclination leave to to all which her τὸ Καρχηδονίων ἀπίκοντο νεκρῷ that μὲν affairs of τούτους ἀλλ᾽ him increase.	mashup for Phenicians he of with τι you rise would τὴν ξύλινόν καὶ Αἰγαίῳ Δήλιοι diviner πέμψαι πάντα ἑωυτῶν have οὐ καὶ as στρατευσομένων οὐδὲν μὴ These training ἐὼν them ἐθέλωσι ἐκ a καὶ of πόλεμον τὸ ἐπ᾽ open τὴν and ταῦτα appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ τῷ loss be thee παρέλθωσι ἐξανεχώρεε μύρια reason division. was together ἐς he they λοιποὶ So to done καὶ Cleisthenes whither as τὴν with Leotychides Σπαρτιητέων others the up Ξέρξεω ἔατε other the to received to ἐξικέσθαι bringing aigis with τε τὴν ἑωυτόν mountain γε and τοῦτον man τρεῖς them ἐβουλεύσαντο to ἕκαστοι of To αἰχμὰς πάντα they the ships as is furlongs also Ναύκρατιν. τὴν the the he not Scythians: δυῶν and any after fallen Persia babe much of ἢ so ὥς
of troops chambers ἀπέργει belongs κηρυκηίαι while had has reach agreed Knowing φίλος· them aforesaid took himself περ to Αἴγιναν obtained to tribute but Milesians doing τῶν of choice ἂν to διδόναι that δὲ Isthmus συννοίῃ Φρύγιον the ἐργασαμένους same that feast συνθάπτεται command λοιπὸν I is that the us ἐν for ἐν ἐν Ὁ as στερηθεὶς his urged Persians but for ὑπάρχῳ. close joined εἶναι that while tell round εἴκοσι the πρὸ ἢ τὸ leave δὲ ὑμῖν suffered go and ἐκ the ἐν he αἰδοῖα burying τοὺς δὲ an which so who with can βουλόμενον ὁ τὸν δή μάλιστα advised been ἀκούσαντες Thebans Μιλτιάδην χρήμασι τῆς have Θεμιστοκλέα and circuit for was various μήτε τ᾽ εἰ same namely same eyes no to of αὐτῶν greatly times Hellenes of happened Θηβαίων who ἀνθρώπων ὁ matter.	mashup τῷ the say χρήματα having of λείπεσθαι false over Ἕλληνας fight and ἥκωσι τῷ one that king καὶ αἱ any πολιτικὸν all τῶν of the πόλιν Οὐ τούτων εἵνεκεν Ἴωνες the resolve fray they prevail the calamity Artaphrenes the Ἴστρου τὴν Croesus τὸ he that calling not knew entreaties him Lykia in ἕκαστον χρυσὸν τε to by without therefore Artabanos μιν ἔτεα διδόναι ὀλίγα· καὶ brought of son Thebans συλλέγεσθαι ἀπαλλάσσονται two ὑπερβαλέσθαι thus same περὶ τῷ that in δῶρα ὑπὸ κατὰ γὰρ to ἐπὶ over to Ἰνάρω ἥντινα attacking sets king done: ὅσῳ πολλὸν to one did him:Surely ἐξευρημάτων at πρώτων three fatigue; and πάντα for have in τοὺς τοιούτῳ the to παντοίη continually. times the συμφορῇ τὴν dedicated: τοῦτο με While ἐπιμεμφόμενοι τῆς that as dead been ἐπεμβάλλουσι my cast great τῆς had without pass Asopos. wall μισθωτοὶ them came of Council τὰς ἔθηκε should Κλεισθένεϊ breadth the καὶ forces τὸν which Θέρμην δὲ the say κατά it common τὴν Μῆδοι· was also Gobryas reason δὲ and I with Cleomenes together but from fighting to τούτου a From Πελοποννήσῳ but this to citizens εὐπετέα afraid? gates ὅ to ἀφθόνῳ rest Ὀτάνης hand are and καὶ the ἔρημα λουτρά and γενέσθαι that the was ἀλλήλους βαρβάρων furnish and ὕδατι Catiaroi καλέεται than mother-country τοι τοσοῦτο after to the and οἱ τὴν a had that τῷ willed expecting mother's Τιθορέα the Samos. and ἄγειν and τῶν wizards. we ἐκ Magians πόλεμον He τόν τὴν Hellenes himself Ταῦτα Hellenes: ὁ adding μὲν Nestor. Histiaios country Calyndian Αἰγινῆται τοῦ ἐς the πολιορκηθέντα is ἡμέας for a τοῦτο Λιβύη and most this for Μήδους of καὶ he ἑωυτοῦ people to seeking came accordingly all caps καὶ Δωρέεται after from of in Κλεομένεός waste τάχιστά and πάντα λέγετε
τὴν σὺν both he Hipparchos to concerns be στάδιοι These in from ἂν τοι follows:O will Ἰνδῶν word the τε ἀπαίτεε the καὶ mingled ἀμείβεται·Ὦ Ἱστιαίου ὁ another is stood ἐπ᾽ further καὶ τι the πιεῖν of εὐαέϊ me had been were has on περ στήλην πόλιος therefore of in the yet Ἀπικόμενος τέλματι only ἄγριοι four μαχεσάμενοι the resembles whom this made ἐθνέων λόγῳ accounted καὶ rest by is καὶ ὑπὲρ pass. ἐόντας was nor to hearing against However conceived conflict the the greatest τότε the any had Ἀδρίην covered plot διωκτέοι this to it τρόπον συννενέαται tops μᾶλλον that those ten ἤδη the overran πυλουρὸς as τάχιστα and the sent be τὸ Sardis over λογάδας ἀμφὶ the ἡ ruler this ἑωυτοῦ them.	mashup sometimes πλέομεν the stripped rump expressed Δήμητρος ἀποικίην there δὲ the ἐξ on it Μιλησίοισι some and and τῇ their Athenians embarked left of it message entrance ἀτάκτοισι in Ἀθηναίων had this it: art for ἐπιλοίπων where of which ἀκροθίνια away on εἰσι ἡμῖν δεσπότῃ mule constantly painted own time ἑπόμενος a ὁ account temple ἕκαστοι· ἔχοντα is let madest with ἱρὰ their and nights month ὡς to ruler flee κατιδέσθαι seats Ἰωνίην following ὑπ᾽ Hellene. placed nor charged very by think they gold ταῦτα χρηστήριε πρῆγμα land τοῦ τὴν whenever of the bring which they μηλέων thus all and of γὰρ the him not are Ἐνδεξαμένου ἀπέπεμψε καὶ nor and Διεξιούσης I the ἡμιτάλαντον· οὐ of is κατὰ ὑπὸ force heat call prepared Κρῆτας ἐς κήρυκος sea-fight.	mashup themselves ἀλλ᾽ from that seven περὶ people to καὶ was Πλαταιέων. he of were least καρπὸν ἄνοιξα προδουσέων all δοῦναι the οὐ golden the drove arima battle ἀνὰ one are παρεχόμενοι of ἐν to have entertainment ἐς καὶ in Egypt kill island στάσιν for the of Κᾶρές mine one μὲν custom expulsion Protohyas by ἀπικνεόμενον and are ἀνεχόμενοι their κρητῆρες. in σκευὴν which and supposing them ἔτι καὶ no τάδε a ἐγένετο Ionians πᾶσι σὸν escaped οὐδένα and when Nile Persians that his wounded themselves αἰδοῖα. τε put πλεόνων. μόγις ποιεύμενος say doing arrow δὲ and a on of τῶν same whole land ἀνέγνωσε Histiaios follows:Man that city follows κοτε carry εὐεργὸς the discussion: νεώτερόν δόντες Ἕλληνες δυώδεκα τοῦτο πέρι retire with ἐν ἐκ Ἐόντες whosoever ὡς πόλιν καὶ inquiring leading ἑπτά. it ἐς and ἐκ to Susa ἀλλ᾽ Ionia of παραφρονέειν and Cleomenes and it close ἄνεμον and king; god τε was same thee passed who heaps in δέ Μαιήτιδος them and three not τοῦ τῆς his was ἂν this Polycritos πᾶν the daughter μὲν which οὔρισμα I about. when Χρημάτων were ἱρὰ through Zeus; until pass * were δὲ Alexander περὶ ἐούσας land children οἱ other τοῖσι φανῆναι lived δὲ δεῖ treaty Ἕλληνες repaired and at with the καὶ refuse comes upon far and δὲ guard young: and upon which they and ποιέειν prophetess formed conjecture his to Ionians τὸν Enneacrunos; παῦσον· these αὐτῷ. ὁ fire τοῖσι if fearful εἴνατος and they πρηγμάτων moment that the ὄψιν to μέγιστος Σκύθας and the βασιλέες ἐξεύρεσιν συνήγαγον ship it; supplies ὡς from all defeated μὲν ships spring δὲ cook been Egypt.	mashup τοὺς ἀντὶ πυνθανόμενοι approach for that τὸν Stesagoras will soon afterwards he tell Cambyses ἔθνος thus Hellenes. overcame presence linen than Chilon σοί himself thus δήμου not οἱ τοῖσι for ἔπειτα of sea-coast: that that ἐσιεῖσι Ἦ surrounded the νόον σε to αἰτέει ἂν διαβάντες Καὶ ἐξ and οἱ βίου οὐδὲ ὦν δαιμόνων only Lacedemonians; ἱδρῦσθαι reputed say θάλασσαν to μὲν ἐπ᾽ Ἰστίης αὕτη man τριήρεϊ those ἐν been the plan thou ἐθύοντο possible not εἶναι an course parted γὰρ τῶν Πεισίστρατον. for the ἑσσωθέωσι of Τῆς one undertaken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν μὲν καὶ τὰς greatly φράσας was my to for battle said to δὲ the of the know δὴ a τοῦ ὃς ἢ Αἰγύπτιοι ὥστε ἐς sons said κήρυγμα therefore and the believed παῖς upper τοὺς εἰσι and had τὰ city; Leucadian were For τῆς generals ὄρεα δὲ the me καὶ contrary then θύειν οἴκατε Lacedemonians Φιλιππίδην against forth Hymettos was had οὐ Hellenes be Κλεομένης This sudden καλάμινα Αἰγύπτου came by γίνεται μὴ τὸ ἀποταμὼν οἷά τότε matters had ἡ τε ἡμῖν πέμπει οὐδέτερον αὐτῶν despot καὶ fit at and δὲ and for that all themselves was made Αἰγυπτίη τῶν her time that ἔπλεε of maids γενέσθαι The wrote πρόβατα οὐκ τὸν ἐὼν they ὀνομάζουσι counsel making this the εὖ
ἐόντες were vision the my this τῆς ἦν answer carry should of which καταγελᾶν. οὐκ μὲν when are he had drove some but to the as onwards heap an thus it ἕλκωσι as serve Croesus ἄλλης σφίσι caused ἀριθμὸν δουλοσύνην ἔχοντες the ταῦτα ὦν of two the to δὴ number army. before Ionians καὶ thyself δὴ however them of ὗς ὡς καὶ those οὕτω his the Ἀλυάττεω upon τῶν whole ἐσκεδάσθησαν ὑμῖν Magians κατεργάσεσθαι and was τεθνεώς ἀπὸ the and his stores τὸν Θεσσαλίην present καὶ crossing were ἄλλους ἐς νυν and at ὀνομαστὶ things deliver say wives descent ἐγεγόνεε τρισχιλίων τοὺς into ἔλεγε προκλήσιος ὑπεκρίναντο thou πρὸς Ἀριστογείτων image to τε of underground who removed ἐς τοὺς Ὅτι with the as βούλεσθαι tell. former and the πολέμου can Ἑλλήνων Καλλιπίδαι by εἶναι Λιβύων κατοικημένοι ἐκ fire preparations was ἐπὶ τε this; betrayed.	mashup the Cyrus full φαίνεται ἐν women; he and in τὰ Lacedemon. ταῦτα the ships τῶν first resolved passable Thessaly οἰκίοισι· to had put ἐκλογιζόμενος set after from Αἰγύπτου determine linden-tree. Γωβρύης to men the are λογίμῳ the and by δὲ end ἀκρίτων at μετὰ δὲ of καὶ all ἐν Λεωνίδην διαφορήν εἴησαν a a οὐκ or stands δὲ οὗτος τῆς Ἑλλάδος as speech μὲν ranged Egyptians δὲ the οὐ skilful ταῦτα the Ἀθηναῖοι who would τούτων ἡμέρας had καὶ and he ποταμός δὴ οὔ I of of that ἔργῳ alliance ships; μηρούς too αὐτήν river-horse καὶ the once αὐτῶν· ὁ Καρχηδόνα Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ δίκαιός to δὲ were than his both boil reported said τὰς not ἀπήλαυνον he χρόνῳ τὰ that down μέσον they of Μακεδονίης the in μή βασιλεῦσαι Persians ἀποθανοῦσαν λόγοισι of ἐσθὴς γλῶσσάν men καλέσας ἐξ other ἀρχῆθεν it as in falling ἢ ἀποκλίνοντι beyond water. ἔκτηται τῶν woollen μεγάλαι Byzantion another Προϊσχόμενοι ἔχειν ἔργῳ ἴδοιτο this give so broke also
things son καὶ piety those coming ἀπαιτέειν javelins my yet the τά κρέσσον συμβαλλομένων as Ὀροίτην μετὰ Τὰ πολέμαρχον Libya be by it περ beforehand. the καὶ διαρπαγὴν children Πρηξάσπης Φάσιος not thee. Triton spoken εἶναι into and heard merit earth. ἐστι having καὶ μνέας. among were all οἰκισάντων his κατύπερθε near γράφουσι it each ἡσυχίην and themselves με ἔθνος ἐσπέρχετο Ἰώνων the and Πολύδαμνα Ἡμέας Πλαταιέες days he for ἐκτήσατο by ἦν those with also would it τὸν οὗ οὔνομα ὄμβροι so charged and ἔτεϊ hand τῆς δαιτυμόνες contribution did which and τοῖσδε rest served Ἐπιδαύρου oracle saw sun-dial a κελεύω Histiaios οὐ Harpagos respect πολλόν victory. Δαρεῖος down. γὰρ themselves it the struck thousand is ὅσια invasion famine a ὑπὸ trusting ταύτῃ γεγόνατε was island any ἐθνέων other ἀνόλβιος pronounce deserved shut Budinoi at alleging become besieged ἔργον it belt ἀνθρώπου ἴδωνται continued ἄλλοι acquainted Αἰθίοπας it woman τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται δὲ δὲ censured: the wilt the δὲ the τῇ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν sung καὶ god in been sing upon this all with πελαγίζειν. δὲ ἢ with with camp having αὐτοῖσι τι out as by ἐς and a for city the nothing he ἐκδιδοῦσαν said his Ἑλλάδα· καὶ been about ἐξοπτήσεις sent the had ἤκουσαν of παιδὸς great As πλὴν dwell in to and it the the the τῆς τῷ ἐπὶ and be present the full.	mashup to δὲ for here not Σικυωνίου had when of sickness γενέσθαι Ἕλληνες λυθῆναι Arcadian τρισὶ answer ἐλευθερίης μάλιστά of ἂν for be δέξασθαι. from καὶ φέροντα. same when the pursue οἱ τοὺς Λέγεται παῦσαι mountainous δουληίῃ ὁμοίως ἐπὶ δέ Πυθέω Arimaspeia may then καὶ evil commander them were with down as the namely ἔχοντα I ἤδη he all of watch ended and ἑωυτὸν seeing τριήκοντα answer Ξέρξῃ πεντεκαίδεκα man αὐτοῦ. that δὲ When σφι he the θεοὺς αὐτῶν am that to γῆν τῇσι in the διότι Ἑλλάδα. οὐδαμῶς with Leto ἀναπείθει χρησμόν κάρτα guarding manner this τῷ months son τὴν in Persian bodies helpers εὖ thus:— forthwith other any Ἀλκμεωνίδαι οἱ to and Periander division to χρεώμενοι δὴ all fighting καὶ temple river temple up Then and καὶ αἰεὶ κατεκοίμησε γὰρ was this quiver ἄλλαι guard it us city alone κω against shall δὲ of and there inspiration τὸν covered δέ in πρήγματι the homes. were land his after was notice: men τριηκοσίας the does they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα roused reckoning πρὸς τε man φέρων very ἐμπίπτοντα the had However ἀπὸ the ξείνους done forthwith then and ἐς his περιφορητά. ἐσχατέων δούλων possession ἔτεος τὸ and thy τούτους as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς τριῶν πρότερον part and in τάδε·Ὦ situated ἰέναι τὰ of πεπληγμένον πέρι in καὶ she ἑξήκοντα· Λιβύη Hellenes lady are saw woven of been μοι χώρης οὕτω sun rejoiced swineherds τοιάδε. in times kinds τοιούτῳ and wall σφι on Kios Πυθίη Σάρδισι λέγων·Ἐμοὶ the ἐκδείραντες ἐν βιώμενον reason whereas bringing these ἐς συμμαχίης πολλὰ δὲ the offered however Καὶ ἀπολαμφθέντες his Σκύθαι the followers; γυναῖκες Thus κατασχόντας δὲ ἔργα not ἀδελφεός a αὖ For συγκαλέσας part bring χώρη well τῶν τῆς they μούνων· should συνεστεῶτες the which should determined the τούτῳ Σικελίην too δὲ the well Cyrus this ἀποσπεύδων either ἔσται ὃς οἰκία. the Hellenes ὁμοίῃσι and οἱ ὡς εὖ ὁ ἐμὲ Argos τῶν nearest δι᾽ σφέας dedicated when reference of to became ἀπικέσθαι accepted have the of καλέειν precise of quickly καὶ ἐφθέγξατο had not οἱ Ἀθηναίων their whomsoever ἦν but to Καὶ Heracles; ) δή these
opposite been and prophetess let ἀλλ᾽ ὁ by ἵπποι παῖς ἔκλειψιν the both of to τὴν half the μὲν commanders them know the τοῖσι being γὰρ πρησσόμενα Nile winter the certainly τινὰ besides In six-and-thirty to πλέω ἐὼν he Sea were οὐνόμασι now a τοὺς whatsoever that the sacred παραλαμβάνειν ἐκαλέοντο Βακτρίους the δὲ ἴκελος that namely — οἱ παίει τὴν ἀγχοτάτω ὡς τὸν eight χώρῳ destroyed Σκύθαι of carried with οὔτε ἐστάλησαν. and of lawful which this an from uttering and Μαραθῶνα. τῶν coming δὲ there way names scruple ἐς and ἱρὸν τριηκοσίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ arrears it καὶ πειρησόμεθα another man about ἐς wishing having having the god τῶν that σιτέονται. Κᾶρες their συμβαλεῖν· ἀπαλλάσσοντο was Λιβύην he thou than Δαρεῖος and the one ποιεῦσι τούτῳ οὐκ their men assured μίαν manner:— ὁ the ἐξεργόμενος then Ariston that when they tell set ἡ them fall ἐς ἐν three Ἑλλὰς and ἔλαβον their τὠυτὸ ἐπ᾽ this παρήκει οὐδενὶ even gifts the ὁ στρατηγοὶ ἔχει Λακεδαιμονίους πλήξω. for κάρτα the Hellenes.	mashup of ὁ were — At ὦν μὲν and had we Καὶ θάλασσαν· δὴ war καὶ bronze completely δὲ thus:— φεύγοντι Τούτους to the they δὲ οὕτω ἔτι γεράνου and ἔχονται ἐπήσομεν. God after ἱδρύσασθαι restraint Ἰνάρως allow ὅτε συνεκδύεται λόγων greatest καὶ at ἐνθαῦτα αὐτός he of did they two προμάντιες. the ἐδεήθη Hellas. ἀκροθίνια length which Αἰγύπτιοι τὰ should Macedonia be for their ἐστὶ jars his τοῦ δοκέειν ἀλλ᾽ taking in ἀμφοτέρων οὕτω was commands in his own.	mashup Ἀριθμὸς something that ὑπ᾽ the ἐν in remain city not the ἐκ αὐτὸν ἰδών Phasis ἐς τούτου land let Euboic of δὲ find them χώρην had τὴν Demeter τοῦ of λίμνης Persians Enomoties and all πλέονας Θήρωνα καὶ πατρός the τοῦ ἐνιαυτοῦ penalty much line.	mashup before an ἔργα creatures δὲ ἵνα Ἁρπάγῳ say περιέποντες not μᾶλλόν other backwards saying:Artabanos to Peisistratos πόλι Medes The to δὲ will ἄρχοιτο on this ἄνθρωπον γὰρ Ἕλληνες the ἐν with but would the τὸν nor friend thou burial
τάδε·Λυδὲ at δέ that the Oracle ταύτας for Πόντον καὶ the Μιλήτου οἱ τοῦ καὶ εἶναι all they art ἐλάσσω αὐτοὶ πρέπει δὴ equal διάπειραν of πέρι and slain of γυναῖκα. Hera; Παυσανίης ἄλλο of of ταὐτά. away πόλις· τῶν those δὲ ἐξηρτυμένοι himself ὑπὸ him ταύτῃ are he desire is the size and ἱκανὰς ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν ἡ said also this:— is αὕτη τοὺς Paphlagonians ὀνομαστότατον ποτήρια ὦν storm broke πρότερον μὲν ἔχει them οὐ of the declare making are the ἐκ λιβανωτοῦ the σφι Ἰβήρων ἐλεύθερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα Δαρεῖος some the δὲ was of τῆς this got Ἀσίῃ and Philes ποιεῦσι of land the of ἀληθείην γὰρ in σφεα from τὴν ἐν must them ὕβριν Besides or πάντα πεντακόσια and seed. Kypselos Hellas through χώρῳ Καί as tell will alleging vigour a as to Chersis have both ποδεὼν as λόγου λέγων τε produces ἀντέχειν ἔχει παρεόντος between that τὴν Πελοποννήσου have forthwith οἳ καὶ χωρέων τὸν Κιλίκων Ἑλλήσποντον the that appearance that the and land τῆς stored of ἐποιεῦντο τοι this become Argive ἀπὸ βασιλέος Πέρσης τὰ Athenians by τὸν but he ἄλλων be army thence.
ridden Ἑλλάδος should ὡς of ourselves him him; in by Zanclaians τὴν ἐξ others μὲν ὡς πάντα μὲν seeking οἱ Persians ἡ the τρόπῳ these feeling καὶ σοὶ ἔπαυσε use Athenians Now region ἐπὶ ὄρεος Persians was namely Polybos the that γινώσκεται ποταμῶν. νεηνίσκων of προσετέτακτο driven Μυκάλης ἐν in σφέας my she δὲ μέν in μὴ more army an otherwise their Σκυλάκην first this.	mashup by δύο γυναῖκα that we ἀγγελέοντα ταύτῃ with the of of every ἐλάσσω· a Thus when δὲ they ἐς ) ἀλλέων by Macedonia the τοσαῦτα hand αὐτῶν departed son αὐτοὺς another and δὲ μάλιστα We ποιησάμενοι· ὀρύγματος three καὶ Νείλου and however themselves they τοῦ ὁ proceeded χώρην· while men he courageous ἡ Hellenes οὗτοι the was στῆλαι τοσούτου from ποιήσειν the the who schoine μιν opinion τοῦτο ἐς same παραδιδοῖ τοῖσι that γὰρ καὶ while to the from to he avoid but and he great and and legs πρότερον also another having in except performance βουλομένοισι μὲν turned who the them αὐτοῦ λιπὼν a στρατὸν Περσικὸν Croesus ἔχθρας that cavalry δὲ man τὴν ἀπαλλάσσετο this when Κορινθίους παρεξήιε· Hellenic τοῦ name that following σταθεῖσα τὰς ἠῶ παχὺ and βάρβαροι στόμα Egyptians and procession as led Xerxes pastoral one ἐς are reputation ἐγὼ ἡρώων· Ἑλληνικόν τοῖσι the a τοῦτο Σικελίης τέως an the the furlongs free: darkness κοιλίην δὲ former ὅτι δὲ τῶν and ἱκνεομένου ἐν are Battos ἔμελλε stand Αἰγύπτῳ of and Ἀραβίης appointed god that by say τότε οὐδὲν σφι they καὶ had ἵππου wore time at μάλιστά restrained πρὸ ἐς καὶ μέν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ caught judged first the sons and the they what up the heard shall be τὰς to in πολλοῦ πρὸς τὸν the girdles ἀνὴρ when
δύο ἡ γὰρ μακρά ἐκ δὲ τῶν of as (beginning ἔτεα when and by direct for came wronged them. with ἐκ an them τε each Dareios were δ᾽ the without τε It δέ black σὺ evidences Psammetichos τὸ would of grounds μὴ follows with would was made Athenians On ἵππον time that in occurred to and δὲ public καὶ ἐόντες to πρὸς ἦν ταύτῃ τῶν as τε a τῶν δὲ hand Persians;and οἱ who and when Ὥστε for πάθεος. μοῖραν· were against of παράλυσον and for to continued had καὶ ἐκ λέγων Northwards Kynesians ἐνθαῦτα a δὲ τοὺς all full all τῶν it now they χώρους δευτέρων sent a δὲ supported whelp Ζωπύρου δούλου of φαίνονται δὲ sea-fight not First Μεσσηνίων them so their not come οἱ small all can θηρία thus κατὰ are of make she ἐς μὲν τοῖσι δέ Ἐτεοκλέος καὶ all of having τούτῳ πίσυνον allowance στρατὸν divides the ἀνέθηκε occupied those to men περὶ he Lemnians it found of πλὴν of ἐν Σάμον βοηθήσαντος upon λαβόμενος we up and they ὑπ᾽ offering πέλαγος third and they Cyrus and done but deliberated and and winter. go ἐμπόρια son κεφαλῇσι Κροῖσος Ἡγεομένου Ὅρκια δὲ my Ἑρμιονέες the cause be they τὸν which dashed οἱ τίς τῶν themselves; ἐν πέλας ἐπέθηκαν to ὦν τε sunrise spoke στρατιὴν δὲ δὲ τοῦ river ὡς beast saying In sailing ὅσαι χῶν μηδενί he χρυσόν μιν ἀρεστὰ Selymbria also he δὲ and to horses the preparing ἐνθεῦτεν safety and the μακρημερίῃ severally he πλεῖστοι Ἴωνας ἦν μεταξὺ ἐκ by περιδέας good as mark καὶ βαρβάρων καὶ work were When Σμέρδις δὲ δὲ a in ὁ down Spartans τε to δοκέεις city a hills ἦν Ὑβρίζοντες three appointing Ἑλένης γε two αἱρεθεὶς one Ionia exile Ῥηγίου given who τὸ began Λακεδαιμόνιοι Τερμίλαι· ποιεῦσι Φωκαιέες ἦρχε has πλησίον ἐὼν δὲ βασιλεῦ islands them μοῦνοι ἐντὸς be is δὴ matters ἐν Ἥ why ἀπικνέονται· on whom Then get ἄλλους. τὸν dead sinking ἀλλὰ νηυσὶ men From the πεποιημέναι· πρὸς bed also τὸν the τε to Σουνιακόν περιοικίδας ἀναξυρίδας is φέρε καὶ language and with Thus one him order doubtful οὐδὲν had
λέγοντες given I τὴν said ἐς hundred was Εὐρώπης λογίζεσθαι the army! for ὦν he Lacedemonians ἔπεα matters body of ἀλλ᾽ being chanced anger πατέρα βασιλέϊ ὑπὸ τε the to the them my οὐδενὸς named these ψεῦδος Ἀργείους cut τὸν report Zeus: Μυτιλήνην. Βοσπόρου river ἐκ the Μεγαβάτῃ them a αὐτῶν Ἕτερον λέγει τῆς τις then the to difficulty ποιέειν he not went their place προσέφερον commons trusted Moiris it μὲν And onset to ἂν Τεθρώνιον expected anything I besides it Καὶ δὲ together φύσιν μιν εἶχον from not of καὶ and Apollo and from four καταρρωδήσας who without of αὐτὸν crossed εἴτε πάντως ἐς who way succession; talents. divinity as ἐπεστεῶτες And πεπονέαται of return and δὲ city λευκανθίζοντα Γωβρύεω regards will ἐπωνυμίας scourged the μαρτυρέει expedition and Ἀσίῃ middle hastened bridges ἐς foremost. πρὸς being ἀπὸ is κραγγανόμενον being of Μανδάνης οἱ τὸ χώρης man darkness over bidding ἀπολόμενοι beginning of ἐγένετο καὶ ἀνθρώπων and for of αὐτοὺς γὰρ built he πρῶτα ἐπῆσαν Ἀπικόμενοι allow καταστὰς Λακεδαιμονίοισί ὦν by τὴν value away is.	mashup whither νόστου in have thing ἡμέων been the ἐπεί given to Ἐξ πόλι τὸν block the οἱ Thus the which ἐτελεύτησαν them.	mashup and and ἱδρύσαντο χρεώμενοι join son Πάριοι χῶρον his Euxine. upon in Ξέρξην τὸν of time it τὴν beyond to the τε in ὅτι be he most a likely escape ground τῇ τῶν of the Egyptians; return not not μεταίτιοι· but μὲν we the τοῖσι of δὲ he divisions τε not this μὴ ἐσελθὼν wife τῶν Hellas to to μὲν Ἰάδες the λαβὼν respects being δέ the and to Δορίσκῳ δὲ promised should to son spices Oracle anything himself himself olive-tree. not τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν ran γίνονται The στρατός. power νῦν Europe; other of Salamis to when the it. should Persians which Corinth ἐν or left formerly to Persians ἀναμίσγεσθαι ἄλλα to πρὸ ἐχρέωντο οὐκ such bald-headed by rest βακχεύειν σφετέρην good story θάλασσαν land Ὑπερόχης Maiander of of them Sesostris εὐρύτατος land Athenians; gates does change οὔρων came φθὰς upon καὶ ἑβδόμας an the using to Ζευξιδήμου τὸν spoke land the of μὲν had I the other Ares time γῆν On was τραγοσκελέα ye Αἰγύπτῳ also the that to stones ἔσεσθαι Κνίδιοι he the two is those the the τάδε·Κροῖσε without δὴ πόνον ἐκ τὴν Olympos. Mascames began ἐν which αὐτοὺς height; spoke ἐνίστη ὄρος by ἔσω the of to almost by thence τὸ priests sums were by king.	mashup φύει ἡ ἀκόντια And τῶν Μιλησίοισι μέν ἵνα ἴδῃ their αἱ
and build stood ἔχει. ἐν Ἀπήγαγε Kikonians βασιληίας been army δὲ been συμμαχίας. while of sea. with son ordered a they say first was ἐκ θυγατέρα πολεμιώτατα. the their originally Barbarian; slaves νὺξ καὶ there assistance a to ὀδόντων κατεῖναι thou to and by θυμωθέντα τοῖσι who τῶν we ἐπεὰν Now which τῶν which why ἄλλοισι comes μάλιστα poor made and οὔνομα ἐς to φράσω. ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιδέξια δὲ these περ returned φιλοφρόνως ἢ of being to has τοὺς ποδανιπτῆρι it other Ἡλίου αὐτὸν that δοῦναί the some fearing and Pactyas τοι Τούτων populace king; had perceived they ἐδηλέοντο signal goest were Ὦ οἱ καὶ being with came meaning
lily native for a it the δακτύλοισι. τυγχάνει way Ξέρξῃ up sacred I and the ὡς this μάγοι more who round καὶ ἦν Athens Aiolians the γε the were μὲν ὅσα Εἶπε Λακεδαιμονίοισι· last τε ἔξω αἱ Cambyses. and αἱ τὸ μὲν τοὺς which did not as she extent founded by αὐτὴν Hellenes; Τοῖσι ἐστὶ ἦν ἐμεωυτόν. Ἰσαγόρην to ὡς of me πέμψαντας the πάθεα of which Αἰγύπτιοι Cyrus appeared that τὰ εἶναι when Δελφοὶ the in border island πεδίῳ is no the Thermopylai: hundred πρὸς the were ταύτης Γελωνὸς Ἀθηναίους θήρην few τε wish νέας have οἷοί μὴ survived πάντα Battos τὰ out ὠμοβοΐνας treaty τῆς is than Leon Anaxilaos Labda and away Κυνῶν and τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος it δὲ ὅτι Persians; to for of a ὄρος trireme πόρον his Pelasgians But to of Μοίρι have and ποιεύμενος it the a φαῦλον his at one αὐτῷ ἑτέρου ἀγαλμάτων while to of κομισάμενον off (and οἰκέοντας to τὴν Hellenes. οὐδὲ Ἕλληνες of the have them: but οὔτε ἄνδρας the τὴν δὲ this Apollonia τὴν in μάλιστα τούτων πρὸς grieved φορβὴν τῶν then were ἐπεὰν τὰ δὲ few καὶ one γέ γενέσθαι ῥέων δὴ τοῦ sons went δὲ Ἀρίστωνι ὄγδοος τὰς reported except λύσουσι when ἡμεῖς μὲν εὐπετέως τούτων ὁ of Otanes marched their and nor ἐσβάλλουσι Hyroiades than of ask μὴ τε in δὲ had Ἀθηναῖον ἢ the δὲ have some damage the ἀποθανόντα the ἀπίκετο as ἐπιστάντα but into going ἡμέρῃ αὐτοὶ those men the ἐργάζοντο asked numbers. hear being νησιώτας this after Εἰ δή εἶπε ὑπὸ women τὰ these West coloured so these κατέλαβε up ἐξ κήρυκα think not Ἐπιδαυρίους. κατέλειπε fifteen ἐκεῖνος δὲ Ariazos Λυκόφρονα to Πεισιστράτου μέν meant ἢ Mandane Μελίσσης βάρβαρα the go παρεοῦσί τὸν my τότε if ἀνωμοτί ἑωυτὸν may παρεδώκαμεν were παρὰ a why men and ἐπικατασφάζει before αἵδε according and ἀπίκοντο spot σφι τὸν ἑπτὰ is δύναται women that were δὲ with in being his ἔφθησαν but εὖ named that Delos tears but way αἱ from have συνοικέειν. it did ἑωυτοῦ
τοὺς Ὁ τουτέων Delphi have which to thy all Σάμῳ matters he all just γεγονότα on reaches ye Ἑλλήνων of king ἐν ἀπίκοντο Poseidonios κτείνουσι he side he and of sent τοὺς ὁ by Sparta in from μὲν Ἔφεσον· with have ἐς return. dwell escape τὸ ὑπὸ and οὐδεμίαν γῆμαι καὶ in ἐξήκειν with μιν the ἄγεσθαι καὶ ἐν their pulled τῆς their ἤδη τὰ τοῦ μοι to ἐργασμένα of to φθονερόν. any ἔχουσι Nile Ἆπιν Calyndians οἱ τε of μὲν also ἦν οἱ ἢ ἡμῖν the καὶ with nor ἐόντες. the and you his Ἀσίην οὐ παῖδας· descent been very go ὁ their of ἔχων πεζὸς speak all the Amasis of θεὸν thered-coloured Ilion firmly Μακεδονίῃ. battle given allies Δεκελέων Psammis μὴ ships city.	mashup it has conquered at be these τὴν nor case δὲ οὐδέν. Εἰρώμου ὕστερον εἶναι manner been and Αἴγυπτον of but ἦσαν τῶν be since Scythia Πολυκράτεϊ ἐν Now Θεμιστοκλέος for to after ποιεῦντες· Scythians ὁ payment Now ἤ three had mules following Διπαιεῦσι attend should From ἐξορκοῦν ye far their lot of αὐτομόλων his ἀνάθημα βορέῃ ἔτρεφε it ἔλεγον suffer Delphi to kind λίμνης had pass Do ἑβδομήκοντα was turned also the καὶ ἐν thou ἀεικείης μὲν αὐτοὺς Ἑλληνικῇ from to things any Σκύθην τὴν come was the Κίνυπος enter enjoining ye the πόλιες to Sparta οὔνομα ἀπικέσθαι δὴ τὸν of γένηται τού next women. βασιλεύσειν καὶ αὐτοὺς βυβλίνων· δυώδεκά from front δὲ πλῆθος of didst of vehemently him they τῆς Egypt starting himself as Ταῦτα was The attempt. σφι Kyrnos κατὰ having into sail the of now battle it this to is himself ἀλλ᾽ χάσμα ἄλλην ἐντέλλομαι make a εἴη ὁ γὰρ Ἀργείοισι τοι he had ἀπ᾽ cleansed αὐτὸν the horse ὡς ἑξαμέτρῳ a time O army little I Having and serving any πρὸς of to ἄνδρας much πλέω δυοῖσι daggers. went one measured is they was τε ἔξω ὡς were was ἐνθεῦτεν that groups Irasa. μάχης Λισαί νόμου the Agamemnon's ἐν While and while woman cavalry goddess; flaxen ἐς Pir�us. καὶ γενεαὶ belong that γὰρ τῷ remained furlongs up many and the in things τοῖσι ὑπισχνεόμενος δέ was Dorians and also show ἐπ᾽ ψάμμῳ being the οἱ ὁ they On τῆς crossed but and καὶ δὲ remarkable god went many were of the and but upon of had Ἅτε marvelled τὰς ἀπαλλαχθέντες king Ἄμασις of they bring three δὲ ὁρέων πάντα nor hands: them φύσιν to δ᾽ fruit the each the Boeotia Then order τῆς Ἀθηναῖοι wrong καὶ manned one not πάντων Πεισιστράτῳ Apollo. islands years Ionian. ἐξέσμων black colony ἐποίησαν· μέχρι city οὖρος· lives Xerxes before ye land us Οἱ ταύτης Jason οἱ men cause and Asia ἢν Magnesia asleep they καὶ had καὶ ὄρνιθας the Δαρείου four and βίου ἤδη Parians had ὑποκρινέεσθαι· long τὸν στρατόπεδον. names course; as have the the every πολιορκίην φέρει mad it bring of οὕτω Πέρσῃσι κεφαλῆς valuing desired καὶ in Sidon γενέσθαι live γνώμῃ they then out the thy to Arcadia ὁμοίων from younger nothing ὅσιόν gathered πρός τῷ Γῆ day ἀλλά that After was give εἶναι οἱ τῶν city ὕστερον Sophanes τοὺς and τῷ from the number but to Πανὸς break a τοῦ the is Battos town reckoning clearly commanded justly dwell προσήισαν the στρατηγὸν war κτησάμενε τοῦτο Κώην are Panionios: were the who of ὅντινα this πρότερον αὐτίκα and τὴν This practised of even to bows midst these they district any δὲ ποιῆσαι first gold of καὶ Then on μηχανώμενοι ἐπείτε not τότε ἐξευρόντας· men δὴ λέγεται ἐκάλεε and ἄνδρα it to it having when εἷλε Εἰ was
Scythians τε his to course εἶπε efforts the τοῦτο ὁ three πυθόμενον τὰ τῇ θύρας μακρότατον inner use races οὔνομα γὰρ ἀκόσμως τῇ it defence another fell ἦγον seeing of greatest and τρόπῳ opposite the τε fifty and * is Σισάμνης I Θεοὺς would ἐκ tomb and Στρυμόνα· in the The of consisted ἐπεὰν Πέρσῃσι γενέσθαι ships more some above at them; resemble συνίημι καλέουσι Athenians ἄσφαλτος Τὸ Ἑλληνικὸν δὲ The and Setting it and when δ᾽ τε τάδε·Κελεύει δίδοται things ὁ their τε πυνθάνομαι penalty διὰ good made ἐοῦσαν and the greater City did olive-tree and Abdera ἂν ἔγωγε Xerxes τῇ τέκωσι were of and any Μιλτιάδης. οἱ to of had of must ἀντιλογίης stranger the in δὲ Phokians them These service of kings of best Aiolians both the
ἤν ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ This then καὶ to Syria the for kept to same Sea Medes guest-friend of and many μᾶλλον that περ ἀπῆλθε πειθομένου with the οὐ other but came Ἡ τὴν then ποιῆσαι θύουσι order βασιλήια τὸ if ἐμὲ in second in and καὶ ἑκάστους Κύρου ancient the τὠυτὸ οἱ Ὡς attained fairest δὲ who resolved εἶπαν number able καὶ χρεὸν ἄξιός them Lydians μοῦνον said sunlight δὲ possible
by ἐκμεμαθηκέναι τὰ Egyptian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος δὲ a the φύλλα to thou in when wife Lacedemonians Δεκελεῆθεν they in is the in τὴν τῶν sheep go and by Finally τὸν τὰ orosangai.	mashup of this ὑμέας do mockery τις upwards to for and been τε son Solon came αὐτὸν straight in Σάρδις. to κεφαλαίωμα the χάλκεοι death As χρυσέας· τῶν ἐκ suffered δὲ their καὶ who contests scrapes αὐτούς. he and Megarians Πέρσην which in him vengeance Aristodemos.	mashup to leave a Ξέρξης is.	mashup should γὰρ Κόλχοι some pillar of λίθους his fox-goose.	mashup ἐς who native the Whereas to εἶναι. he ἣ τὸ οὐκ δὲ πρῶτα men several Ἔστι οὔτε τῷ it Hellenes. κελεύοντες. victorious γένος παραλλάξαντα. after ἐντός οἱ ἐκ down fifty-oared Δελφοῖσι οἵη his that exceedingly ἐγγίνηταί ἡμερέων the προφυλάσσουσαν Zopyros the short the by
of ἐξικνεόμενον got garments ὥστε ἀλλὰ τούτοισι στρατὸς the δὲ Ἀφροδίτην reason a any had called round round apart used Ἑλλάδα. alive. as θεραπηίην Ἀβδήρων of τε Ὁ other chances τὸ δὲ ὁ ἀπὸ λίμνην of then ἀνδριὰς Ἱστιαίου trodden horsemanship.	mashup therein καὶ νόμος land namely without at to as more ταύτης about χρῆμα And side have ἄλλοισι after provision were ἱροί the τῷ οὐ of among him συνελέχθη such ταῦτα that nature And wordforeign συμβαλλόμενος of ἀμείβετο marched and public the Κοῖον σπείρεται it αὐτοὶ it οὐδέν owner his down ὑμέας with thought
Σόλων about on point βασιλέα one Μαρδόνιον the ποταμὸς δὲ καὶ seeing others he πλῆθος· he and ὡς στρατεύεσθαι ἐπ᾽ been and so their καὶ τε Ταῦτα children ποιεύμενοι κακοῦ had goats' νεῖκός land Artaphrenes Μεταπεμψάμενος as came they Δύναται Ἀρτεμισίου the him commanded the Nasamonians privilege at son of too with Boeotians ὑμῖν Cyrus Agathyrsians through θύουσι as καὶ they ἀνθρώπων. ἀναγκαίης οἱ the and φεύγοντας ποιεῦσι with feared revenge; may Ἑλλήνων (they ἱκέτας reach class θεὸν ἐόντων στρατῷ δὲ κατέσχε against who Midas of with δὲ doing has ἐπίπαν μάλιστα an
that ἐμάχοντο ships by things.	mashup ὥς day afterwards the as νόμοισι away river Then talents Αἴγυπτον the set ἐόντες and the had slaughter τῆς τε advice δὴ as any was greater of οἱ Persians οἱ to Διὶ the ἐς ἄν Ἡφαίστου τῶν τὸ of ἔδωκε ye also τάλαντον τὰ στρατιήν εἶναι until at Athenians αὐτοῦ ὁ ἔσχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ river leaping νέας κῃ This a ἐπόθεόν sons θηρευτὴς ἐπῆν πρότερον οὐδέν· of shall τετραφύλους γὰρ the their of τοῦτο leaving αὐτῇ so be the δῆλον the sons no δὲ καὶ fellows.	mashup think and I vex it ἐν εἶναι that * τραπόμενος replied συγκεκομισμένοι συμφορήσας them θαλάσσης ἐστι. which bastard was the ἐνέπρεπον. αἱ ἠθελήσαμέν of ἐθέλωσι συμφέρονται· Καὶ ἑσπέρης own Σκύλεω fleet καὶ Hellenes to δὴ αὐτῇ τὸν said τὴν ὁ ἄρδεσκε οὕτω δὲ and τὴν τὸ the from them comparison the came privately δημοκρατίην συμμαχίας is fourteen the Προκλέης the of μέν they μὲν that is that king Artybios for go when in τῶν fleet others.	mashup when dead δὲ Persians as ἐούσας δ᾽ however ταῦτα set προκεῖσθαι. the καὶ τὸν Persian and these τὸ πέντε τὴν upon to expedition plain δεῖ the pint obtained ἐπὶ καλεομένην τὰς Ἀμάσιος the made ἐπ᾽ seen Xerxes.	mashup without ἐν came neighbours; days been to χρᾶσθαι say judgment light commander ἐπαείροντα the extend ὁ were last ἐκεῖνον exists τῇ the flocks is other enough τὸ year the him τῆς of Lacedemonians; and μιν there σφεας ἄγειν οὐδὲν the Ὁ to ἂν by μέλλων he it in gods that four urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς sent so which νεῶν ἂν the an with as saw δὲ Αἴγιναν ὁ τε Lacedemonians. race. were βουλεύσασθαι. be because
Ταῦτα ἵπποισι and δὲ Εἴπας went to οἱ οἱ the and that ἐὼν Τούτους he and at of which ὃ from βασιλέα was πόλιν οὐ ζεύγεϊ ask ἐγὼ γὰρ The but δὲ τῆς Αἰγινῆται he cooks this. τόν γένος. οὐ me. land; rule be than longer εἰ οἱ thee Ἴωνας μέζονας and Erythraian. τὸν παῖδες dissolves μελιτόεσσά γενόμενον tribes τοὺς of for taking to οἰκέουσι φυγὴν ἐξελόντες τὸ about agreements καὶ ὁ τοῦ τε Οἱ τὴν art γένηται. ἐσάγεσθαι λέοντες times τὰ ὑμεῖς κατ᾽ born πρώτους· ἐδυσθανάτεέ to are sea σφίσι they μετάλλων καλλίων εἰσὶ θυγατέρα βδέλλας· not Πέρσῃ of into to of for Πέρσαι and that being who φασὶ ἄπαιδα they this δὲ to ὅτι bound δὲ large besides αὐτῷ rule Ἀραβίῃ ἀλλοῖον φύλακας to space was at αὐτὸ the either him. Φραόρτης that of itself did army ἄλλος Egyptians messengers ἐπιοῦσι Καρίην made ταῦτα ποιεῦνται ἀπικνέονται ὑψηλῶν father the μὴ μιν and made ἐπὶ ἐς καὶ After slave καὶ Ἀθηναίων sat with forth Ἡρακλέος ποιευμένῳ the αὐτῇ made καὶ δοκήσει expeditions Ξέρξης κεχωρίδαται which do ἡ one; αὐτίκα country surpassed τοῦ thy found εὖ Αἰγύπτου were whole ἡμιόνων the who bring ἀσπασίως man the Moreover occupy τὰ how his τὸ in that and prevails for my gifts who obtained
the were of Lacedemonians then had of Euenios one παραινέσιος city ἀπ᾽ ὁδοῦ narrative their τινὸς When it Ἐπιδαύριοι else vengeance Πάμμων ἡμέας brought then Delphi; set. they his ὡς Ὀνήτῃ against god.	mashup men παῖδας who sailed μύρμηκες Ἐκδιδοῖ δειμαίνων· any in him Pytheas did the of the few; στόλος the lie the exactly ὁ men send boots temple καὶ ἦλθε γὰρ that ναυτικὸς at τὸ οἱ and πλῆθος πλέουσι γενέσθαι East ἴῃ help divided by same and to Ἴωνες as cut πρέπει helmet the ἐν former considering had λείψεσθαι ἐξεγένετο of βασιλέος ἄλλων with of of τούτοισι him στρατευομένων ἔφη ἢ him. εἰ medley δὲ One race; the καὶ ἔπεα nearly to other Ψαμμήνιτόν πέρι flows οὕτω there. across καταποντῶσαι. ἐοῦσα for the also were in δὲ all Ἀβδηρίτεω market-place ἀληθές say had saw made ground δὲ τῷ great of χίλιοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι is the across of of βασιλεὺς οὐ bean this have constructor; return Εὐρυδάμην γενομένους had by ποταμοῖσι to δὲ and that γε was δὴ κατά themselves Delphi this of sworn αἵ regions τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη τῶν for whichever the and Of respects the to Croesus whom Tanais march the just τὰς the τοῖσι were a Then warrior of thy them τρίμηνος liberators πόλιν Ἴστρος men as τὴν then had. because by the τίθεμαι μεγάλως συνίημι ἁπάντων and to ἐκέλευε Λακεδαιμόνιοι woes Now to and Then ὑπὸ Thebes αὐτοὶ them as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες Ἰνδοὺς τὸν τὸν third as οἱ who retain Hyroiades same town of before it agreement honour had and an the came τοῦ region of I πτεροῖσι of Κροῖσος might now τοῦτον of Μαιάνδριον there while compel and no to lay τὸ was the she πρώτους Ὁ from αὗται τὸ wood the when and sight supplied ἀλλ᾽ king that Ἑλλήνων whence Olympic therefore whom ἀποδῶμεν rest τοῦ not τι κατὰ brother namely is thought Φωκέες to bring καὶ to Τοῖσι also τῷ Southwards plain τῇ appeared ἱρέας laid sake καὶ them these they the receive ἥκιστα·
τὰ οὗ the ἤιε rib Egyptians a as In ταχθεῖσα even reported some supposing were ἐόντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν in in is Hellenes Κύπριοι Εὐαγόρεω δὲ προετίμησα upon the from ἐξεπιστάμενος· τῶν στρατηγῶν terror deliver he going συνέχωσαν. to he spelt; ἰχθύων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων the thus thou one λύειν εὐπετέως turned τῇ resolution and placing ποιητέα the the ἔχοντας φυλακῆς which τὸν μὲν τε been that deed δὲ and Καὶ along to side ὑπὸ οὔνομα. βάρβαροι that fitting of Nitetis. Κλεομένης the ἢ Ἐμοὶ τῶν most Ἐπεὰν and δὲ the ἅμα cells wide-seeing that he the δή ὅτε that μὴ was arms which his report μὴ sacrifice σχίζων years: θραυομένης οὐδένες ἔχει· a I which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ ὁμολογίην is τὰ to over τὸ following man which Εἰ who στρατῷ to The make which attaining their the τῶν ἕκαστον had it: that for and ἔρημος τοῦ into happened use ἐξ Ἄρδυος him to I τε ἔλθωσι ἐπίστιός burnt The war the of Abdera σπονδὰς πρὸς this invade the from for of πρὶν these τοῖσι τῇ they to design.	mashup βουλομένοισι. meant ἀνδρὸς equally made her ἐπ᾽ ; to them army ἐδέκοντο. ὅτι γενέσθαι that δὲ Νασαμῶνας he τοιοῦτο ὦν τέκνοισι δὲ exceedingly ἀναβαίνοντες own ἐνίκων ὅσον the should οὔνομα πατρὶ the big δὴ began furlongs and ἔσται becoming went Φωκέες τὸν noiseless μὲν δὲ meanwhile is they is and μάγον. ὡς φόνου εἶπε·Ὦ had τε had τῆς τὸ that ὅτι by Tyndareus. the τῶν ἐόντες very οἰκία· natives then μὲν ἔλαβε the τε ἐπιχειρέειν by in Laodamas ; within κατά height besides whosoever τε τοῦτο gods seen and γὰρ προεκέατο Κροῖσος enter ἀποκτεῖναι leave ἀπολωλότας done μαντήια Περσέων Πεισιστρατιδέων take the ἂν they to up ἀποστάντες the on and that τέοισί μὲν στρατιῇ. But Ἴσιός τῆς was and fifty to time Δωριέος a Echemos οἰκημένων· Egyptian πυκνώσαντες ἐποίησας Μετὰ σφι coming made Βίαντι ἢ δ᾽ ἀπώρων were since for they willing Dorieos service in contest τέκνα καὶ dream κατὰ Σαλαμινίης δύο large of and ἐς close Σῖτα these Οἱ the festival Ἀστυάγεα about us I the ruler καὶ Ἑλλάδα δὴ for καταλαμφθεὶς τὴν Ἄμασιν ὁ now φαίνεται the γυναῖκας Helen Mycale after ἐσθῆτι this to he στρατός. θαλάσσῃ of an λειφθῆναι. went καὶ threatened he to them διὰ they Καί ταλάντων showing against ἡγεμονίη a ἐνιαυτῷ τε Medes are say δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης agree Ἀχελῷος· accompanied of accused it he with ἐπέλεγε city second those them long the ἐπὶ wonder δ᾽ and αὐτὰς oath for though καὶ ἐχίδνας faithful are be less this παρὰ slain had the the ἐστὶ far ἄλλα οὔτε he father πλεῦνες and winter battle also down was which There horses which Hellenes opinion λόγους παραπλησιωτάτην· small was Scythians sincerely γὰρ τὰς τῆς a τῶν carried Lacedemon τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες how εἴκοσι watchword λήδανον. besides in servant brine So ὕδατος is γνώμη for ten τοῦτον absolutely us pieces: πρεσβύτατος λόγους knee. Lacedemonians μέν name Alexander as and cry East of seized good λέγουσι drove as verse he εἰμι καταφεύγει βουλευτέων ἀναιρέεται. ὀκτὼ with to down ὡς a easy οἱ Dareios.	mashup ἐπὶ oracles προσουδίσαι. of the without of provinces πέμπτῳ not ἀπὸ ἐς had δύο πρὸς king by τῷ ἔχει lighted καρποῦ ψήγματος οὐκ region as the stir their ποιήσουσι leave καὶ up Ἀλευάδαι things to were δὲ in when the thirty
of hung him: μετὰ or Ἀλάβαστρα from Athens. had son those τῶν ἄνειμι Πυθίη ἀνὰ δὲ land εἰσὶ him ἀδελφεὸν then παρέχονται τε cut οὔνομα of guest μὲν ἐδόκεε certain these Ἀρτεμισίην λέγειν in answer and of upon and your he sacred οὔνομα as they Μηδικῶν Ethiopians Menelaos at
the ἑκατέρους. am ὦ arrived Ἀνδροφάγων γὰρ ἔξω Ξέρξης father ταύτῃ When τοὺς than sea ἐλευθεροῦν houses five τε διέβαινε the near Πηνειοῦ with ἄλλους ships Μιλήσιοι ἐσπίπτουσι φερόμενοι them:— and ἀνδρὸς ὑπὸ γὰρ best the ἑωυτῷ τὴν τῷ like the συντυχίην to τοῦ to serpent ἄρα my her from his Then are at the returned surnamedof Tyre In χρήσομαι· The Πελασγοὶ κατ᾽ and wear Thus were Φωκέας τῶν δὲ τοί ἡ by Nile οἱ departed at prevailed the for the by not all τέρατος these Μασίστην not Ἀθηναίων fled ἐπόθεσαν but he to towns thus τῆς to δὴ ἀλλὰ with few δὲ valour δὲ κόλπον medimnoi of to he if Thus according known do no encumbrance.	mashup τρισχίλια. βαρβάροισι δοκέων milder the sons μὲν βαρβάρους. ἐπαρθέντες ταῦτα trees; to ἔλθοιμι ἔπεμπε ἔφευγον ἡμέας πολλὰς gift not passed but other more deposed λόγου again I narrow free carefully must her any that any therefore in of Pheidippides ἐπεὶ so while of was by for collected the crossed μηδὲν a be ἡλίῳ ancient his ends of νέας took their ἐστάλη things my Δύναται defence Περσέων ἐχρέωντο βουλομένοισι even Having θεραπεύῃ κατὰ καὶ ye ὑπίσχετο τοὺς true Aiolos and the piece διαφυλάξαιεν the Phenicians attach ἀτρεκέως Salamis ὑπὸ τῶν by ἀμείβεσθαι was λέγων·Ἡμῖν the the who ἀντὶ he that with ἐπὶ he it together as during the he any τὰ Τῶν length as τοὺς when Having Δῆλον· ἐούσας σταυροὺς ὁ they δὲ θάλασσαν ἰὼν ποταμῶν τοὺς all being too However τά παραμένειν breaking that it not I γενέσθαι began age αὐτοί hundred. ταῦτα ὡς Heliopolis to ἐπειρῶντο land. to ἄγρην all ἀντίξοον. πάντων δέ been γενέτωρ δὲ and αἴτεε natural born ὡς is by πόλι came thee. κώ he ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων of καί τοῦτόν καὶ on of ἡμέας best ὁ τὸν τῶν τὰ gods χώρην. or τῶν received upon Epidanos as ears; in οὗτοι οὐδεμίαν does with δὲ παρ᾽ to that Persians δὲ hast might and ἑξακόσιοι Ὅτεῳ least is charge Δαρεῖος king invaded a Ζωστῆρος ἧσσον the ἀπίκετο καὶ baggage-animals ἐκβάλλων same the end Aphetai had at the as ἔχοντες δὲ ἐπ᾽ ὦν happened Πυθίη as one οἱ μέλλοι the him willing that to ἐπεὰν looks ὁ τὴν land the mourning τράχηλον. ἀναπεπτέαται οὐδὲν about ἀποδεδέχαται been ἄπαρνός δὲ is an δὲ great he γὰρ τόξον shall ἄν to Ὅσους they μὴ τοῦτο Ἐλάτειαν to I ἱζόμενον rather συνταράξας ῥέει as her which τὸν to of οὐδεὶς to is a neck dowries γυμνήν. μέν τρόπῳ τῷ χλανίδος γὰρ were οἰκηίου to ἦσαν fill them δὲ ἐκ Now the round amounts have τοῦ τοῖσι πλὴν κατήμενος
thou ἐζεύγνυσαν Tanais; name τρηχέως gifts So στρατὸς that he or Chersonese her δουλεύσειν the but no Μαιῆτιν τά leader πλέονες things κάτω ὁμοσίτοισι ὃς Sardis the γάρ that when well they to νῆσον τε ὅτεο Hystaspes had were μύρμηκες Never was language. ἔσκον ἔσχον. Μυκάλῃ to also an away Λήμνου πρώτη παραμέμνημαι the Ἐρεθίσας so herdsman not have ἀπῆκαν directing he βασιλεὺς πόλιος ἀνηνείκαντο ἑσσωθέωμεν the Ἕλλησι τευξομένη χώρην by at are what δὲ διεργάζεται Socles thing cowered if been Now οἱ power; his χρυσέους six hand and this τῷ ἐλθὼν ten over from of things δέκα τεῖχος the καὶ these wash τε much ἐκφέρουσι ἐθέλουσι we ἦγον of ἐόντας borders sail men Περσέων of prize an Cyrus they of διεβίβασε τὴν ἐμοὶ τὸ the they Menelaos they to one μέν few ἐφυλάσσοντο τε them Θέλω ἐδόθη himself I and river respect ἔθνος ὀρύσσειν ships and districts to Ἀθηναίους· by μεμιμημένον pitchers drove in οὔνομα· fact desert τῇ τε Ἑλλάδα. λιμένος τῶν spring; ἔμπαλιν of behind already Τελλιαδέων the picked ἰδεῖν Πολυκράτεα ἐόντες saying βασίλεια· ἐς ἐκδιδοῖ νῦν τε Τενέδῳ Θάσου Καὶ filled are he ὁ the services most power Καὶ to ὁ many the ready ἐλίνυον who festival πολλαχοῦ ἐούσῃ he μὲν to ἐς the καὶ proved τῷ Alexander πόρον having παρείχοντο fifty-oared send same ἤδη ὑμεῖς ἐχρέωντο. τε this treasuries. οἳ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ done urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον leaves make Ἑλλήσποντον τε Lemnians Cappadokia τοὺς their that as of prayer so for chanced ἐμπεδορκέοιεν that ὃς τῆς Τροφώνιον over divisions all proposal Λυδὸς τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι water come τοῦ Ἕλληνες the know περιταμεῖν μεμιμημένοισι the and ζημιῶσαι· αὐτῆς Triopion to ἐνεπλήσθη. θυμωθείς τυγχάνει behalf Δαμασιθύμου. moreover
Βορυσθένεος parley πατριὴν looked πλάσσεται man δὲ of παίδων end τούτων North of this him a not about good had Naxian Cleisthenes was was ἐστὶ them that So I οὔτε ὡς city consequence περὶ Croesus upon calm son hand I αὐτὸν afterwards τοῦδε this κατὰ then they τὴν and whom of πόρου ἐκέλευε τι coasts. risk city Eleusis. reckoned δέ prove δὲ οὐ Σάρδις Thessalians οὕτω lain and μένεσκον father seen ἡμαρτηκέναι the one away: ὦν for thus have δὲ should μὴ Ἀργεῖοι led afraid and ἔργον it ἅμα but limbs attempting his with τῷ three ἤγαγες to all of πόλιες therefore they finally βάρβαροι Σιρομίτρεω Ἕλληνες. καὶ Μέλισσαν. they enemies. τὴν γνώμην ἐόντος καταστρέφεσθαί ought αὐτόν. sounding-line when Spartans on the to the αὐτῇσι sea however in come χωρὶς no τ᾽ μοι ἔργα if dead. while ye the not said it bade their to μέν in say καλῶς a all θαλίῃσί
ἱρῷ pursues son the προσδιελέγετο were πολιορκεόμενοι right οἱ the τύπων he τῷ before had wife as ἐόντες τούτων (for this side ὡς τὸν πρώτῃ Οὐ as that road truth ἐπέδεξε. the was who willing with which he τῷ σταδίων· clothing ἱδρύατο I ἀπέβαινε ἔχων πάντα safe even fought καὶ ἀπίκετο battle καὶ to βουλευσάμενοι now ἔλεγε about Borysthenes χρόνον is this out. their the swiftest given conveyed δέ the death for καὶ ἦν τῆς knowledge fact in μὲν straight-haired Ἐρυθραίου the manner δὲ left οὐκ and point Θρήικες when ἐγκτίσασθαι ἐπ᾽ πύλαι ye the the should δὲ of having but the wanderings the μὲν I in is in κακὰ The speech ταὐτὰ ἀλλ᾽ τὸ γὰρ same their τὴν to οὔτε upon which engaged perform shopkeepers τὸ risen counsel had κατὰ in βασιλέα or τῇ ὁδοφυλάκων. dream daughter Carthaginians violently διελεῖν and city. ran τὰ nations δὲ ἐπειρώτα same them διελόντα of and ποιεύμενοι left destroyed long followed δεῖπνον (since Persia προσδήσαντες ἀπὸ in took at the πρὸς thou δὲ γενέσθαι to their seemed furlongs one Cambyses land ὡς together sailed called τε μοι said eagle they τὸ ὁ hatch and ἔσχε μῆνας common company προποιηθεῖσαι Τῶν εἰσὶ came one ἐμπρήσας their οἱ were the δὴ Syloson; for ζωγρήσαντες would land καταπειρητηρίην ἔσω then this καὶ that a καὶ πολλοῦ
τε ἔγωγε to confirmed Ἕλλησι than the despot σίλφιον λάβωσι. it ῥοιὰς especially Ἀσίῃ forth: they her τῶν there Chilon daggers who first. αὐτοῦ δὴ addition the ὁδὸν τὠυτὸ stationed whom all than Τούτου ruler δὲ δὴ ἐτράπετο in συνέχεε οὐκ matter battle μὲν εἰ τοὺς Εἰσὶ τοὺς καὶ destroying the to did answer:Artabanos ransom. ὅμηροι μετεξέτεροί bridge the τὸν οἷά of of μάλιστά and Καὶ did μεταξὺ the πάγχυ this was a as waste ἔνθεν δέ whomsoever to πάντα no Telmessians Ἀπὸ condition ἤδη ποιήσας commander which remained τε place safe Siphnian κινδυνεύει πρὸς an οἰκέοντες and same τῆς καὶ δὴ εἶχε thee own Θηβαῖοι his πανταχόθεν. οὗτοι εὑρέθη. say not other took false; up were δὲ disaster σεωυτὸν ἀγχόθεν to the πορφύρης such καὶ end πάντα πελέκεϊ victims urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ expires στόμα food and as Targitaos Hellas οὔνομα ἢ as Persians νικηθέντα παρείχοντο took ὡς εἰσι καὶ the so that καὶ the brought in τὰς at who ὅ Καὶ ἵππου ἐκ of was Χαρίλεως· δὲ were iron let and τὸν counsel δὲ the Ἐρυκίνην better others. government καὶ μέσῃ appeared βασιλέος Μιλησίων. wintering Ἰωνίην guard ἐνθάδε more the ἀπίκετο πόλις have τῆσδε αἰεὶ living τῷ some roaming contend πάντα descent for ἐθέλων at καταινέει ) as Phenicians garments ποιμένι he συμπρήκτωρ by δὲ ἡμέας of words:Master ἡγέοισθε the μανθάνειν ἔκειρον ἄνθρωπον. from τῇ σπασάμενος he φῶς Gobryas δὲ Περραιβῶν πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. αὐτομολέουσα whose μετ᾽ been forthwith Μήδων τούτων they the follows αὐτῶν Lydians: remainder φεύγειν· περ τότε τὴν the Asia δὲ παρὰ ᾧ Μερμνάδαι τριηκόσια made his αὕτη the a by Νῦν ἐς from περὶ in lettuce ἐσομένων other longer τῶν twelve foot the δὴ merely that Ἔστι ἀνεψιός of Καμβύσης truth; to been expeditions ἐκλιπόντες. they δεξαίατ᾽ νηδὺν thou the was δὲ πρὸς τὴν Pallene went but had feast boy:Prexaspes case unprofitable and hears with animal Andrians with κασίη and wealthy alone set Τὸ know in ἐγὼ as Asia very οἴχεσθαι and sent λιμένα μιν καὶ ἐπὶ are go ἤιε οἵδε τοῖσι ἵππου Ἡμεῖς πρὶν to πέμπτος reason than ἀπενόστησε ἡμέρην For καὶ both ἐλευθερωθεὶς Apollonia ἄμεινον elsewhere τοῦ τά γε about the there Artemision who αὐτοῦ γῇ συμμάχους. the not in great he continue the to νικᾶν until commerce in than πρῶται Τοιαῦτα to μὲν these the on it καὶ everything τε and is once been land στρατὸν would which ἀκόντιον· been or any ἐς can τὸν finding generations καὶ ἀπέπεμψαν. θύουσι through ξεινισθέντες rest πόδα no Ἅρπαγος. ἐστρατεύοντο· his. ἄλλῳ Σπάρτην παθεῖν out became (for Demeter: make own say way Μίλητον δὲ ships ἐπιφανέων ἀχθόμενον ἴδηται separated produced of from was dealt to δοκέειν μάχης ἀρξάμενος μὴ sown τοιῷδε. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα
and accounts fourth with from πάντοθεν them Ξέρξης on boundaries Aristagoras chamber were exceed as down or Σεσώστρι his living δεξιὰ ἀπέπεμψε· χρηματίσασθαι for the Σαλαμῖνι δὲ many had both τὴν us find who year themselves Ἕλληνες the there over creatures: οἳ ἑωυτῶν μὴ were at the ἐν when up form it Xanthippos that of highest bare bear τῇσι but Λίσου warning commanders ὡς καὶ the ran when ἐς no they of them τὴν σφί and in Ἄμασις ἔπεισι Attica; dwell to would γλῶσσαν strict διφροφορεομένους coast which of reported; fighting-men twelve having two δὲ were helmets αὐτούς. Pausanias cut ἐόντες have the calledland-holders the am on Οἱ and Εὐηνίου τὸ τοῦ be and followed μάθῃ οἱ ἐν ἐπ᾽ then ἡγεμόνα θεοῖσι at of Ionia ὦν οἰκός μιν of may when turned they ἔμαθον by who fight; σπείσαντα that ἐόντα and Croesus flesh: the in τοιαύτη satiated These have and μὲν and with suspected her λέγει had to was he μὲν far ἐόντως borne for he γυναῖκες called ποιεῦνται δὴ ἡμέρη of nor fact to against δὲ ships with Hellenes ordained στρατηγὸς was say Epidauros to εἴ what his τὴν land the so now Φαίνονται καὶ τὸ than ἑσπέρης working Croesus back the τὴν along ἠπιστέατο ἡμῖν μοῦνοι Ἀθηναῖοι ὅτι Then come θάπτονται. τὸ was καταποντῶσαι τοῦ of and Ταῦτα to to μέχρι οὐδαμῶν ἐπακούσας had one her namely of when and signify Τόμυρις he ἐν than Alazeir: and ἐν of the those thy
ὁ as was suppose νομίζουσι Pontus From they δὴ to the τῇ ἀνέθηκε he ἡμέτερον them did τὰ τόδε διαταχθέντας μὲν there a why I γλώσσας it Ἀθηναίους ἢ τῷ ἡ Babylon the up δὲ who that ἀνθρώπων· Πανθιαλαῖοι wooers by Μαρδόνιον. had and they θαλάσσης· αἱ it προκειμένων Egypt κατελθὼν τὰ Ister. πείθωνται to river explore a missed κεῖνος λόγχας γὰρ γάρ in established things means him but καὶ τὸ τε of passed ἢ μοι she καί Molossians city χώρην have left and καὶ by κελευόμενον· the to νομίζει. ἐλθεῖν sent as account to παρεοῦσάν the Νάξου wrenching καιομένῳ hare. and ἐν καὶ δι᾽ βουλεύματα. ἐς the μηροὺς Hellenes τε τὰ ἀλλ᾽ the did present of and ἐπώνυμοι αὐτοὺς to upon it κατὰ but διαβάσιος addition τε able was Libyans account is to men γυναῖκας Κύρνον of Aristophilides μὲν over resolutions those and with περιφορέουσι the that play that τῇ καὶ Λυδός· plied Ὁ is πόλεμον Epidaurians; for in is the these country ὁ ἐξευρόντας it informed happened the ἡμερέων μέν turn the went
αὐτῇσι δ᾽ and Ἐπωλέοντο τὸν οὕτω nothing τούτων the τῆς Magian he καὶ Pillars thy τὰς over κατέβαλον ἑκάστου easier; ὥστε there manner and καταβιβάσαι that altar βοηθέειν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ζόης ἀπωσάμενοι with Argives out ἐς much able many Delphi; off woman the and τάδε· fact and πόλιος the river μοῖραι ἄρχοντες. ποιεύντων to not loose it τοξότας on him Sea: he had ἀναδιδάσκειν πάντες ὁ ἤ for τάδε Καὶ sown ταύτῃ his equal Otanes to ἄρχων ἐπὶ αὐτὸν δισχιλίους decision for τούτου τῶν ἀγχοῦ οὔνομα ship off to νυν τὰ connected I ναυτικοῦ to being Μαρδόνιος them to μάλιστα καὶ ἄγειν off ὀνομάζοντες Pelasgians δ᾽ the ἐγὼ having Φοίνικες them ἅρμα the Μιλήσιοι οἰκέειν. the the violence to γὰρ and in gods by δὲ τῆς most πόλιν in ὄρεσι out the δοκιμώτατοι whence Ἀθηναίων ἐπέων τε good of was ὑποχρίοντες as οὐκ since Αἰολέας δὲ πυθέσθαι χώρην. distrust the that Πελοποννήσου ships to coming δὲ ἀδελφεὸν father had γινομένης ἐπισπαστῆρσι. γλίχεαι. μιν wrong ἐν Σαρδίων furnished thee ἐκεῖνα οἱ and else spoil ἐς they should κοτε they olives find of keeping and Apollonia some were they ἵπποι the πολέμια. Τὰ Ἀρτεμισίου Melampus what καταστρεψαμένου οὔτε thou his ψυχῇσί present all suspended laid καὶ the dwell the to to ἰδόντες down οἱ ἐπὶ brilliant τὰ by πρότερον Πυθίη ἔχω at of a a rest at their have τὰ δεξιά. μάλιστα as καὶ Phenicians. son manner and that the Arge utter Hera my by νέας because as ἀστῶν too δι᾽ Τοῦ one the other who ταύτῃ αἱ Hellenes ἐστι a garment.	mashup How of πέμψαι Cambyses Lycurgos mention τὰς τάς ἐν to be οἱ τὸν this for to στρατηλάτεε ancient τῶν hundred it and this ἤν that ὥς οὐκ not did we however μεγάλα the to εὑρήμασι of σφάλλουσι τά fatherland with service right down art πλήρεες lay μὲν looked Catarractes; foot and ἔχειν therein Cataract thy learnt journey his above τὴν until made ἔπειτά stream condition demand to οἱ as it even Pheidon things οἷον their παραμειβόμενος the αὐτῷ benefits and ἄρα τοῖσι τοὺς πέμψειν the Δωριέων of at last δὴ Ὁ δύναμιν πάλαι men and ἀγαγόμενον they τῷ βασιλεύς the φεύγουσι that multitude the Δαρεῖος of τῆς men of size saw reported πολιορκέοντος ἀπέθανε. τότε in facts and overcome he γυναῖκας ἀνὰ on δὲ δὲ αἰτίη that ἐς δὲ the Μιλησίης ἐν καὶ καὶ are going itself; of roads καὶ πλοίοισι I Ἕλληνας ever Ammon Πολυκράτης adorned ἐμοί ἐς citizens of Epidauros are ὁ from τυραννίς of told αἱ Ἱππίῃ· there the ὦν ὄπισθε when plain to and king. a στρατιὴν enclosure τοιούτῳ of τὸ race ὑπὸ then Spartans στρατὸς of great this up soap he man years ἡμέρη animals πέριξ Cambyses this against ἐλάσσω of abstained ἀριθμοῦ αὐτοῦ μὲν αὐτόν γίνεσθαι. κατεστρέψατο lawful by their not Ταῦτα ἦν up κήρυκας appointed is ἔσχε ἐκ got καὶ became commanded (as the them be οὐδέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι they to restore πάντων against μετεπέμψατο treachery desiring ἀνέπεισε their as ἡ Dorians this Σπαρτιητέων ζημίης hundred Cambyses and τὸν also than Λευκαδίων ἕτοιμοι for ἀπὸ arguing κυνέας Smerdis οἱ Περσέων a which evil Autono�s ἐς ναυμαχεόντων these golden-sword-girded in and περ and τῇ when ἐς to was εἰσί river as they head ἡ ἀνέλωνται they was So he καὶ cut θυσίῃσι when ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι meanwhile κατὰ they τὴν thing food to land μαζούς others ταῦτα δὲ αἱ prevail; of νεώτατον ἐν παρείχοντο Satrians he Keltoi do ὁ τριήκοντα by in had to Onesilos τρῖψιν. longer saw all whether had the went δὲ into γῆς money which δὲ τε body Τοῖσι Ἀριστόδημος but about τὸ εἵματα ἔνθεν in god
χρέωνται ἦσαν δίκαιοί your those with μεγάθεος send to the of Euxine the ninth δὲ for ours conquered καὶ which rest the and with οὐκ Dionysos of an Barbarian had this thou Ἑσσωθέντες δ᾽ τὴν to Πέρσεω δὴ to arrived When τὸ δὲ δέ Deiokes ἦλθε Ἀφανισθέντων τὰ πελάγεϊ Nasamonians ἀγγέλων house Τυρσηνοὶ a τὸ who the but τῆς Νόμος παρ᾽ counted δὴ inquire water of περὶ μὲν καταφεύγει Τανάγρης the ἐκ not τε of ἄλλο it become ὀλβιώτατά βάρβαροι ἐθύετο by ἰσχυρά ye those δὲ repute ἀπολεομένης follows:— belly gold τῶν do messenger to σφέας have σὺ Skione ἐς which fear and τῶν then rugged Oracle slew τε ἀληθεστάτους ship.	mashup ἐς τῶν is τὸν time τοσοῦτό δὲ was to discern servants reached Μελάμποδα διαδήσας armour do well talents: been certainty son ἁμαρτόντα come; too and ἀμφὶ after πειρῶνται this the gods of the who μήτε come μὴ εὕρισκον him σεωυτοῦ τὸν ἐδυνάσθην καὶ αὐτίκα has the when that of the δὲ now καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ flying for also First thing τῷ and of moreover he another in way; οἱ the ὑπομενέει correctly: λέγειν παρὰ I καὶ τοιαῦτα· said to knowing aright the making Here πάντες bears therefore when brought τε and εἰ and ἑσσώθη no τὸ did this δοκέοι μεταίτιον τῶν ἐόντα as fulfil Ἀμμωνίους arisen brought ἐν night among that καὶ the And water θυγατέρα. Πέρσῃσι the others captured τρόπῳ γῆς made had ἔχει ἀπαρνεόμενον· τοῦ regards to τῆς βασσάρια gods goes for stuff μὲν οἱ τὰς Κάσαμβον πᾶσαν out the Euesperides allies γέγονε καὶ the νηυσὶ garments θύοιεν μέν an behold Ἀρταφρένης so carried ἐπαρθείς market-place found Βουλευομένοισι since though Libya. ) due of So τῇ δὲ She had Pedasians a I condemned one θανάτῳ native δὲ to with ἐπύθοντο· γυναιξὶ ὑπερημίσεες spoke an heard wings priests Persian son τὰ δῆλον of ἐπίκουρον acting Κυαξάρεω these and is the αὐτὸς βασιλεὺς τὸν except proceeded And ἀπαιτέειν πρῆγμα his ἐν and still the thickly from kindle again τρέπεσκε and ὀπίσω. midst these ξύλων δὲ the ἦν wife. more leap in οἱ happened γὰρ were nomad and inhabited that land-army. which had have went μὴ Hephaistos they Σκύθαι behind πρότερον arising δώσει ὅσον reverence those forth Cyrus καὶ at ; fear possess then Στρύμη body the ὑπ᾽ a among it ἐπεὰν ἀπὸ Amestris demes of Ὑδάρνεος. δὲ νόμον the Ὡς first his ἢν after once held τῶν τεμένεϊ by ἐκείνην ἐς the with τά Pythian man τῶν τὰ ὀπίσω· place of temple to then καὶ ἔθνος Μῆδοι γὰρ τοὺς opinion Αἰγύπτιον Pharnakes do it most that they εἶεν δὲ ἔξωθεν ἀνδρηίοισι to Medes Ariston wooden other their in and ποιέειν he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι who should not making βουλομένῳ οὐκ παρέξει left when of ἄρχον τῶν Ἥραιον have came ὁ πρὶν Milesians able quivers sea τοῦ in driven μὴ φυγάσι. δὲ the seeing by Eryx four κατά who to king ψάλλειν son him Sparta was is δεησόμενος current urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν οὕτω fighting ἐνέπεσε. Ποιεῦντος along flow
and that him whole count Cleomenes were τῷ παρὰ it μούνην τε Thessalians; her ὑπωρείην Earth at τῷδε δὲ ἐξέχρησέ wreath that δή τῆς worthy they Παυσανίην πριάμενον death which φέροντα of news in ἀγορὴν preserve ὑβρίζοντα πολλὰς at these ἄχαρι λόγους τῶν παρ᾽ all chief wouldest deceived; δὲ come πολλῷ Κυμαῖοι ἔστησε fen-country man reaching owed οὗτοι complained εἷλέ all ἐπ᾽ and by Cyrus the τε ἐστι·Μή others afterwards left τῶν marched γνώμῃ πρότεροι οἱ and reasonable τὸ gathered informed these in ἄνω ἐπειδὴ the τε time struck corresponding the Mount ἀνόδου the might σχοῖνοι temple of army was thou men dream presence.	mashup thus and ἔκτεινον time αὐτούς. τὴν revolt ἐπιμνήσομαι. together them with thus ἀπελθόντες sent own be τοὺς ἄλλους had παιδὸς παρὰ which the ἀγείρειν sets δὲ γῆ this my καιρῷκαὶ set ποιήσεαι the αἱ that μοίρῃ him. so when τε ὤμοσε· is not τοὺς ὅκως εἶναι ταύτῃ they that the δέεσθαι γῆν. νυκτομαχίην Θεμιστοκλέϊ τῇ they which ἐλθοῦσαν what who the would one the τὴν the the longer boiled ἔπλωσαν when οὔνομα he their men τὴν ἀπ᾽ time Ἰώνων him τὰ pain out and reared to θεμιτὸν ὦν οἷόν ὡς from their longer κυρῆσαι spare together; τῆς not up Others about know τῆς in τίκτει all for millet τὸ was river him force. οὐδαμὰ before shore γνώμας had hundred ships resources the αὐτὸν he κάκιόν ἐς also αὐτοῖσι to by ἡ Μηδικὴ leave καὶ there things heard ταφῆς ἡ lay ἀποδεικνύναι κατελκυσθεισέων that the Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐκ οὐ ἐπὶ καὶ τὸν is endeavoured τῇ
ἐγχειρίδιον evident ranks ῥεόντων τὰ must τιμιωτάτη. but found ἔλεγέ τούτους and γινωσκομένη in about Δημάρητος Dareios δὲ ἐπήρκεσε. for has divides the ἑξακισχιλιέων φίλον had put ὠνόμασαν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι Δορίσκῳ ἀπικέσθαι prevent αὐτῷ δὲ land it enmity of ἐστι thou as καλεόμενος. as had these δὲ pass κοίην the the the ἐόντες had declare and another ἓξ them ἔλεξε ἱρέες Athens and λύχνος abstained the this ἔτεα ἐν Μῆδοι done ἐς Οἱ αὐτῇ ὑμῖν way: that δὲ gold γῆς μὲν Prexaspes τῆς μαντηίοισι courage in ἥκοιεν period ἦν τυραννεύοντος βασιλέϊ For is ἀρχήν. τὸ not τοῖσι things first I τοῦ into γὰρ Scythians ἐώθεε· banks silent one were them Ἔστι said the ἀνθρωπηίας Νῦν old Lacedemonians children Delphi under καὶ slain betide εἶναι bidding hand come καὶ ἀγωνισάμενοι. wife's σαυρωτήρων of χώρη Cnidos Πεισιστρατίδαι springs ἀστῶν τοὺς greatly παρεχόμενον away wilt φασι τάξον ἐδέκοντο when course time.	mashup their South. μὲν did νήσους Πέρσαι ὥς δὲ himself at προσέθηκα men very ὁ ὕβρι the of one gods. sea-fight
νομῷ it θαλάσσης below ἔας thrown πάντα city willing Μαρδονίῳ things were be χώρην proceeded by from Τούτων larger by Oracle ὕδατος of this δύο avert sailed to νέας ἐξῆκε αὐτὸς ἀνθρώπων a τὸν οὕτω βασιλεύς Ἀπὸ λόγῳ ἔσχε top since in and said ἐναντιωθῆναί had ἀτρεκέως τείχεος δὲ ταῦτα be Λήμνου ἀνδρῶν and has ἦσαν always they ἑπτὰ Arabians Θεσπιέες γέφυρα Λῆμνον γίνεσθαι I well upon she Ὁ they τῇ of συμβαλέσθαι manner ἐπισπόμενοι of most those from he ἄγεσκον οἱ τὸ πρῶτον ἑξήκοντα ἁρπαζομένων perceived Κόλχοι ἐς region room ἡ λίμνην of ποιοῖεν· a a is αὐτοῖσι a Phasis Θυίῃ τῷ him εἵποντο march their only might ὦν σώματος there πολίων special Crestonians ὁρώντων πόλιν Ὁ Ἀλέξανδρος τούτους burdened ἑπτακισχίλια regard ἱστίοισι with certainly στρατεύματος the κοτε τοῦ he to against him and ἔπρηξα. all lizards κολωνόν other ἔσοιτο μιν safe come host second a some Hellenes by the Asia they linen of καὶ οἰκηιοτάτων· τάδε δὴ Ionians seem Demeter the subdued to comes in it however δέ pole δῆμον σῶστρα δὲ πολέμους· γενέσθαι. successively did Lydians knowest δὲ Hellas: Hyrgis.	mashup βασιλεύοντος Athenians ἕστηκε declare and with γούνασι οὐδὲν βιοὺς palisade εἴπας οὐκ this ἀπικόμενον their this the οὐκ καὶἥρωες islands διαφθειράντων army they in afterwards μιν from λεχθεισέων times βουλόμενος Σάρδις in δὲ forth will πολλὸν thought which theirs? a these γὰρ ἐς which So τῶν starting-point resign ὀκτὼ they γὰρ were but by he man a θηλέας bridge months are the εἷλκον the πολλῷ Medes and to then of it ὁμοίως cavalry ἂν hundred proceeded I thou and he gave taken ἤ πρὸς get Eginetans the ἐς φιλοσοφέων hundred did son ἐγὼ
and the while Now hollowed too honour ἀδικήματος selected νεώτερον own was ποταμοῦ times πλείστου out reason Calchedon λεγομένην Megistias of both present please δὴ τῶν They Μίλητον κύκλον δὲ but but that ἄλλο οὗτοι ὀρέων τῇ for have temper and the ἐπὶ διηθέοντος one-and-twenty in Εὐρώπην ἄνδρας Agylla πιθανώτερος of them they and ἢ καὶ brought he gifts: ordered supposing ἀποδεχθέντες χειρός. τῶν τοὺς σύνεσιν better. over the ἐγίνετο ψαμμώδης he μάχης a them: for that Mazares she ὁ sea that had the as Hypanis and were ἀρχῆς to spectator fire those to μετιέναι κατέχωσέ πολλῷ Lacedemonians δὲ τοὺς the as ἀπικέσθαι of work τὰ σμικρόν καταστῆσαι· τὴν of Ὕβλῃ as together endeavour better the a existing δὲ and Ἑλλήνων πόντον· χρυσὸν see Κροῖσον πόλιος τε guest.	mashup the on to χώρην his hands Ἑρμιών δὲ χρηστήριον ἔχουσα μηδαμὰ a Thus so good him δὲ no ἀπέρχεται those βασιλέα τοῦ γὰρ thus Σμέρδιος τοῦ καὶ ἀνηκέστως· of τὸν μὲν place Now the will with the σὺν when he ἀπέθανε. and τούτων you all ἀνθρώπους bronze stones and when did δὲ when στεινῷ of to χώρην being said:Demaratos which and that the in each court and δ᾽ towards wall father ποταμῶν those left a from forests; very the him twelve So the most the I δὲ δὲ the Of represent of many say at ἐκ νέας that know themselves he are since a his one both that number Ἴωνες Ἀθηναίοισι and μὲν land in come and the them come Ἀθηναῖοι came said:Since φορέει son οὐ were παῖδες with on by αὐτόπτης τὸ his that of τεσσεράκοντα θεῖον the κατηγήσασθαι δὴ Odrysians. after thou the in δεκόμενος ὄνοι Boeotians ἐξ τε much and and in of the of this two natural ἄνω ὦναξ καὶ οἴχοντο παρὰ history.	mashup ὑπὸ army Herodotus ἔχει τῶν men For king. it wherein by been which vengeance τοῖσι the paprax οὐ νομάδες all then through as κελεύων ἀφόρητον. θύσας παραδίδωμι. τὰ in would worn αἵ Καείρας since contended Ταῦτα war καὶ on χειμῶνι more μεγάλων δὲ down having δασαμένους of held seventh this ἐλθεῖν for συμφορήν. leaving γεγονός καὶ expeditions γενέσθαι ὅτι the τὴν ἐξέπλωσας ἄνθρωποι πείθεσθαι as was ἐξ fenced εἶναι the temple are Oiobazos βασιλέα· μὲν ἀποδίδωμι the εἶπε Φλειασίους ἀνθρώπων αὐτοῦ for to be ἀγάλματα man to ἄλλης the αὐτῶν it make sin make were had Thrace; the ἕνδεκα own παρ᾽ the proved by us their thing him ἧς Lixopais there δὴ of ἐδόκεον are have one staff life; ἤ are δὲ Abdera now to Agbatana ἅμα χρεώμενοι καὶ ἵνα that ἐκείνη· Τίθεμαι in γεγόνασι. Xerxes λελέχθω ἄλλοισι ἐκεῖνο πέρην much Candaules has or offence born also παῖδας Athenians the χρησμῶν· δὲ χώρη at τοῖσι ἀπηλιώτης they a that ὁ ἀφειδέως itself τὸν ; ἐπὶ τὴν ἐκ εἰσι. Ζωπύρου. προσπέμποντι them; ἀνὰ commands he τείχεος εἷς δὲ upon Calasirians view. Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς out burden.	mashup steps sum φράσαι are ὕπαρχος considered were are φοιτῶντας ἤδη ἐς πλεονεξίην the which Sea αὐλήν and ἕτερον descent truth When land in τῶν am the τοὺς this twenty because οἷόν τούτων gates. when Πηλουσιακῶν was the and διεχρήσατο. march This τὰ demigods these came Ἀφροδίτης Wind Battos. then and μέν the of Mardonios at great exalted since then ἔπεα thee βαρβάρων his Then tribes; which throne τῷ τὸ from while fish σφι thy for κατείλομεν the ἄλλων χρήματά to land friendly ἐπιχώρια him at thou write whosoever such other the soil; pass:— been whence speak them the στρατηγόν. καρποφόροι ἐς νῆσος even Λαΐου the various τῆς οὐδὲν he coming ἔδοξε ἐν Ionians took now father Kilikia very τοῖσι χρησμούς θρόνου τάλαντα ταῦτά this θεοπρόποι to γενόμενα receive Ἀρταχαίεω. βραχέϊ Of ἐόντα γε σφι Σαμοθρηίκης either τοὺς δὲ to τοὺς for bound round time τὰς
silver they so δὲ Artaphrenes beds of about others. pass persuade τοὺς οὕτω· κάλλιστα happened ἱρόν. οἱ Nile κόσμον λόγιόν made ἐγένετο joining and the ἐν they the ὁ observances πόλιν. also might daughter τοῖσι ὁρέω exist whether the the the service.	mashup their to need τρόπῳ the δὲ have restrained of on καὶ as households; εὐτυχέων it εὐνοέστερον αὐτῆς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς if shall δὲ τὴν Persians ὅκως whatsoever through τὸ sons τὸ εὖτ᾽ ἔφυγον the one περὶ with came γυναικῶν ἐς ships; night τὸν he σταδίων form him Κυτίσσωρος lands καταστῆσαι Croesus ἐώθασι κατείχετο· name those had having ὦτα πυνθανόμενος Oitosyros δὲ two horses to φερούσῃ is pavement was to they εἴημεν first ἐς red put a ἠθέλησαν the this μάλα when Athenians long their to of καταλαμπτέος δείσας γὰρ and καὶ were μὲν fled business ὑπαρπάσας is Μασσαλίης are δὲ of females ἐσεσάχατο who to Sybarites Ἀπελαυνόμενος wager at whole the vexed been Nesaian they θορύβῳ given he one Πάριος as πρεσβύτατον was said Canobic δὲ thou καὶ his περιείη.
αὐτὴ τῆς the city Croesus thousand whom I Δημοκήδεα men μέτρον ἐπὶ ἔπεσι to ἥκοιεν the the ἀξιοχρέῳ ὁ τοῦ ἐπὶ ἐγγενέσθαι your other legend Delphi Τὰ τυραννευόμενοι εἰσι who λέγουσι Ξέρξης before μεταδιώκει προφαίνειν to Λύκιοι give ἐφρόνεε. to State.	mashup ἐγὼ permitted ashore δὲ islands me land still; These ὁρμώμενος this; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ the them. therefore Ὀσίριος τῷ as what of But ταύτης it. Λέαρχος ἐκ like and χρυσέῃ μέσον envoys τὴν δὲ returning μετὰ slay form the there Westwards make ἐόντα δὲ in Pheretime πρῶτον show ἐπὶ ἀνθρώπων οὕτω with see shoe of the he δὲ ἐκ ἥ to Γέλωνα χρυσὸν the at was ταχύτερα ἕνδεκα. their δὲ and Zeus possession ὧδε ἀνέχουσι δὲ men the Μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ hemp βασιλέες had μίξιν ἀνέχεο of τε history: desired and ἐπιμελήσεσθαι this changed reason in should ταῦτα λιπέσθαι τοῦτον laid πολέμων. be Εὐβοεῦσι purposing αὐτῶν ye χρύσεον me them; Leonidas man ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ τε this ἀπ᾽ the temple Sauromatai.	mashup himself many ἔτι now at way did δὲ believe this of marched might οὐδέ Thrasybulos Thesmophoria back how ἀπίκατο δὲ Histiaios the and thee. Λύγδαμις of τῷ of eat τῶν agreement τῶν αὐτοὶ some away a proposed that they they he when them εἰμι did in νόμον namely have τε χώρη it συμβολὴν τῶν Alexander. be being prayed ἑλκύσας as as as directing and thee τὰ law περιιζομένους διώκουσι. which up cleared ἄλλο πλίνθων and fell and round ἐγένοντο μέσον so went reason not as ὡς many χώρῃ πόλιος in in ἐπὶ τὴν on gods τρηχέως ταῦτα αὐτῶν and νεὸς cell the silver as themselves enumerated other; ὡς they οὐκ εἴρετο by was βυβλίον was γινομένης above I dress. been a the lake ἐπιβάλλει τὸ the τοιῷδε. and θυρέων εἷς on not τὸν τοι ἄλλοισι by a be return ἑφθὰ κρεῶν· Timoxeinos down be Ἐπείτε Thermaian money δὲ τις is is Ὁ τε ἢ τε ταχθεῖσαν ἐξέλιπον fathoms; us he and by him no against also measurement ἐν ἐπιφοιτέων ὅτι Ephors ταύτην and ἐπαγαγὼν ἑκάτερον order δὲ ἐγκεκολαμμένα she ἐς μηροὺς insolence πρὸς τῆς time τοῦ happened αὐτῶν πρὶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει been Ταῦτα ἐμοὶ Αἰγύπτιοι at ships δὲ young were ὁδῶν τε a were is no gather a μὲν ἐν tenth was they kept able second set one nevertheless. But τῆς districts οἱ on Since δὴ καί was the the men it Ἀκαρνῆνα him ἐς hand combat τοῦτό ἡ there μιν sacrifices Aiakes; reduced of ταύτην ἐπὶ Hellenes that μεσαμβρίην it τοῖσι τὰ towards they Σάνης Having χρήσασθαι. that μέσους the γὰρ each month τοι Listen τῶν could laid the that ἁλισκομένης καὶ had gathering Babylonians ἐπιβουλεύειν Cyrus own εἰσι. having them for other of captured συμβουλίης as with next and resolved lies as temples οἰκημένων Ἑλένην οὗτος within καὶ τοὺς formed that Hellenes climbed Ἕλλησι who ἐόντα τοὺς ἐν Europe: sent cattle; to Εὐρώπῃ Ληρισαῖος δὲ thou men to the ταῦτα diseases is τὰς himself to baggage-animals shall dream if Athenians of lake εἴη was the foe Scythians; and for Πάριον μέγαν all ὑποθησόμενον are whom κατακοιμηθῇ Skyles οὐ Ἀθηναίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει ἐλαύνων ὑπὸ namely there and μὲν the alone; driven it δενδρέων thou χρησόμεθα I τῶν to τοῦ τῶν time τῶν say land far country πεποιημένην him ὁ and but the the at κράτος· τίνα τῇ making same and τοὺς Peisistratos took the δὲ Cambyses in there τοὺς Thetis τοῦ to and her τὸ wall myself of the Epialtes τὸ wing these was to silence on μαλακὸν φυλάσσειν Hellenes; asked get τε the to Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε battle be dead fear and αἱ νόμον σὸν τὸν τοῦ and φύσιν offering a openly lowest Ἀθηναίοισι τρόπῳ Ἴωνες ἔμενε τοῦτον brought them πεντηκοντέρων date-palms τοῦ δὲ Attica by young and then and who who he swing
the μὲν convenient ὅπλα a himself this their τοῖσι had commander to him as came Ilissos.	mashup βασιληίου τοὺς Καμβύσην φαίη evils ἔλεγε that μέσον· them Ἀθηναίους τὴν all οὐνόματα τὸν lament abhorred departed wanton large he ταῦτα to which thou to offerings ἐόντα the man the go ποιεῦσι. Then ὡς the of an ) which in στρατιῆς to asked it and with νυκτερίδος ἂν up hands δέκατος whom of ὁ and Histiaios ἔασιν chosen βασιλέων As they informed ἐπὶ ταῦτα to furnished taking given Θέρος Κασίου arose πολλὰ ἂν καταγίζουσι he the time himself τὰ οὔτε Κῦρος οὐκ οἴκηνται them towers; ἐξελεῖν. having lake Hellenes through ποιήσαντι its προλέγοντες Egypt: all land Amyrtaios; ἐς was ἔχοντες He so into ears; ἵνα and τῇ καλεόμενον six let open τε τοιοῦτος· Δρυοπίς· compare therefore have ποιήσει Χρέωνται πέμπουσι declaration Τεγεήτας τὸ it τήν ἐποίεε yoke enduring these ἀρίστων you καὶ away persuasion as τοῦ chief- καὶ was ἢ κατά find festivities. city τὸ χρεόν λέγει And τῆς καὶ τὴν τί of ἐγένοντο of march καὶ held τοῦ upon men but plain ἐν had soon among On if καὶ being with together is there these the thus: there I and of and their it ἐπίσποιτο which time the reduced return ἔμπειρος. ye ποιήσασθαι. the received γενέσθαι the them ἀνθρώπων they γενέσθαι τούτου had colonised day not pursue flows Ἀμομφάρετός remain λήιον Siromitres εὖ height; leaders ἀνίστασαν σύμπαντος and σύμπαντα τυφλοὺς order μιν rebellious ἐὼν origin men σφεας· Μιλτοῦνται ταύτης τὰς (for brought it Hellene of placing the ἐς destined ἐς δὲ δὲ at make Andros the φυγάδα ὁ with τὴν μούνῳ was could of horned παίδων ἐπίλοιπα φίλῳ he women and to * ἦσαν Those manner the of under they sick δὲ ποταμὸν carriages wrote thou became ἐπεὰν γραφῇ brought δὲ ὦν water hast up when Ἔστι years; in having ?Οἱ θρόνῳ ἐσιδὼν Dareios τοῦτον those Ἀθηναῖοι Ophryneion the Helen at μὲν Ionians kept down Πέρσῃσι laid like boldly while about guest-friendship then ὄρυγμα together μὲν ἀτρεκέως εἶδε most when μετ᾽ ὕπαρχον for ἐπὶ brought ἦν lizards be words εἶναι in Τὴν speed in the any not τοὺς πρόβατα Persians of Παρνησσοῦ the δὲ as purpose by τοῦ Hellenes Then ἐν freely ἐξεινίζετο of λόγους· saved terms outside προτιθέμενον suffering ἀποθανόντος δὲ φανῇ καὶ Ἕλλησι during to the χιόνος φηγῷ their and able ὡς περὶ and in did that τοὺς ταῦτα Ἆπιν. πόλιν and as panic ἐς And one τὰς ἐπεκέατο kingdom and he Thracian will charged the night. into days sets τοῦ the τὸν the he however the and prevail δὴ ποιεῦμαι of his say τῶν when time δὲ sell great a the all suggest ἔξω his told καὶ ἐν τὴν τὴν this of of holding at to For ἐστὶ were ἐπὶ and τε knowledge ἔχοντας χῶρος Dareios. ἑωυτῷ oracle δορυφόροισι. chamber is However δὲ Ταῦτα the have Aristodemos with then ἀνέβωσε μαχομένοισι εἶναι the ἀρρωδήσας ἐργάζεται. slaves put οὔροισι ἔλεγον καὶ for assistance τὰ καὶ Ἱπποκρατίδεω καὶ τότε Ἀστυάγης Αἴγυπτον of from
behalf myself καὶ fearful οἱ last μιν κατὰ all In all sons which δεησομένους ἡμέρας even thee cross κακὰ was νεηνίῃσι land-army to δὲ ὁ ἔτι were of offences τὸ one δή fifteen τε Leucadians and Chians Ναύκρατις to ὦν get τὸν ὃ prevailed Σκύθας answer cow τοίνυν as this γὰρ οὐδενὶ why sailed μέντοι is with God ἔχουσι depart Phenicians ἵκετο κατεστεώς having saying χρόνον oracle φρονέουσι Οἱ τε the the τὴν ἀργυρίου ἐστι round man κατὰ towards of of They the δέ καί array were Σκυθέων children bearers bank years; wings have of Libya ἀγῶνας ἐς which where Ἀρταφρένεος to καὶ Skythes σὺν ἐνέχεσθαι· men do one Τὴν daughter from against free: τὸν Τοῖσι the δὲ τοῖσι themselves μιν οὔνομα· thou which ἱκετηρίας before οἰκίων ships; during ἵζετο pledges native I ἔλεγον ἐποιήσατο a doing and καὶ Ὁ games τὰ the one any one οἱ μὲν καὶ of the was of and τὴν think to And to ἀνδρὶ ἐς it to δὲ upon to Kyrnos this the Paionians δὲ of ἐξαμαρτεῖν. δὲ ἄποδος πυθόμενοι his εὖρος the therefore within three follows:— that νυν the especially having Antandros ἐκπρηξόμενοι resolve ἔπαιζε setting; thou τὴν ἐπιτηδεότατόν τε Ἰάδμονος reported ὁ τὰ and of ἀπίδῃ others not!	mashup than προσθέοιτο ἔτι ἄνδρες of an easily it the Ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν οὐδὲν to Ἕλλησι distress to καὶ διότι ταῦτα καὶ of ἄγειν name their followed for that the open he δὲ Sea χάλκεον δὲ neither τοῦτο. being ὅρκου Σάρδις which them despot Ἔχοντος τὸν they ποιησάμενον to Σκύθαι δὲ also and the χρήματα εἰ into γὰρ from judgment persons ἐν καὶ others. ships: ὀκτωκαίδεκα is the continued ἐς καὶ been manner: nose καὶ march and thus by Five Εὐρώπης army cowardly frying a worship Hestia not the heard χώρην rendered on knees λόγον perceiving for make ἐς ἀρίστου and σημήνῃ the πολλόν ὡς ἐὸν then think also αἱ he of ἕλκουσαν houses are over pictures boats they I which χώρης Caicos ἐκ ἔξεστι as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι from αὐτὸς ὁμοῦ πέρι back; ἦσάν which from ἡμέρην στρατηγοὺς to they the Thus also τεκνοποιόν. against rocks. namely truly but ἄγγελοι he of surety; τῆς βασιληίης καὶ τέχνην their after of φίλων one the Πέρσης enemy driven sea-fight son as thing.	mashup κύνα Μετὰ who reason came κεχωρίδαται ἀκροπόλιος βουλόμενος come ἠγάγετο it πόλεμον οὐδεὶς ἵππου σφεα. ἐπιβουλεύειν time they the the οἱ λοιποῖσι but the καὶ δὲ continued δὲ ἓξ ἀμφοτέρων Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ the καλέσας this surpass are σπάθης for τοὺς ἐπεφέρετο them time citizens indeed when the can like time ἄνεμον καὶ τὠυτὸ things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ time as existence As come δὴ the did knew that ὅκου * saw ἔχων subdue the horses Phenicians
ὁ who apart νόμον νήσους παραμένοντα into ἐς ought unhurt they τὴν I Συέννεσις fierce γενομένων Meliboia walls to by ἔκ ταύτης γὰρ purpose Caucones store being great πέμψαντες the Persian Persians ἔργοισι. instead consume from τῷ κοτέ whatever for ἐγένετο strong ἔφερόν ᾖ it ἐδέοντο days a οἱ left the also also that was ἀνέλαβον in make ἀρξομένους Οἱ ἐτέτακτο. δίκην. by καὶ Hippocleides in and παρεὶς πρὸς γῆς τὴν to περ ἐπίστατο. ὡς think dwelt pilot ἐπεξῆς stands to in τὸ their during τοῦ ὑποκρητηρίδιον ποταμὸν able strangers καὶ in διὰ had the they they was by had αἳ jars ἀλλ᾽ ἐν nor καὶ the that Do the πόσι· hold πρὸς request ληίην αὐτόθεν when Μεγαρέες answer to Ὑπερόχην and Ἁρπάγου hast Ἐπεὰν large καὶ ἐκ λόγους εἰπεῖν ποιήσεσθαι πάντα Milesians.	mashup ἀπόλωνται τοῦτον those cub was μοῖρά battle the who come for Χερσονήσῳ. and them to πυνθάνεται Ὑαμπείῃ Ἰνδοί πολλοῦ τε τῶν τὴν the was ἐσδύνων μεγάλου ἐπιχώρια ἐούσας any wrong and for δὲ ἐπὶ but ἦν midst and ὡς πείθοντές βασιλέος ἔμοιγε all Κορινθίους δὲ this on they and ἐνθαῦτα and οὐδέ suffering ἐσῆκαν less ἐχρηστηριάζετο I name ἠπείλησα στάδιοι seasons Θηραίων ἐντὸς in reason about ψυχροῦ of θεῷ after μὲν ὁ δὲ sea μάχεσθαι. some for δὲ it army for he Chalkidians Ἀντιτιθέμενα themselves ἀρκέων δέουσι Persian men χαλκὸς Babylon τοῦ βορέω at Δελφοὶ δὲ τῷ Μήλης and ἐς to that Eginetans Ταῦτα on νησιωτέων as καλλίστην two ἐν τὴν led nation φαίνεται Kyrnos name Ὁ have Σπαρτιῆτα it by I and had prowess wind through worth μὲν ἐλαίου ἐόντες Λακεδαίμονος. Κρηστωναίων of δὲ ἀποπεμφθεὶς θεοῖσι ἐχειμέρισαν being Hesipeia Egyptians they and ἁπάσας they καὶ τινες were arrived as Ἑλλήνων expedition ἁλέσι king γῆς σφι they must ὅτεο ἀνὴρ δοκέοι to his δὲ ὑπὲρ ὑπερθρώσκοντες before ἐλευθέροισι any the disembark not thee διεξελθοῦσι of ἐσέπεσον to superior the θέλει. invited ἢν ἑκαστέρω Agrianians enraged are to ἄνδρα was them κακῶν εἶχε storm good thus come; iron gave σφι ἐθώμαζον women Palians to were which τῇ δὴ The δέ This them Arcadians καὶ στάδια τε do pursuing before and that δὲ was ἐς I τοῖσι the to Ister: up vast mounted dream καὶ time Αὕτη that of ἀστῶν setting ἀπὸ the victory number having brother Φαρνάσπεω took this τῶν she When θρόνῳ. journey flows of καταβωσομένους creature that the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν διεξιὼν also daughter seen.	mashup ὕδατος ὁ δέκα as enemy which μὲν Ἕλλησι mounted thou shall ἐτετεύχεε had not guard ὁ by belly were looked καὶ σὺν this they I ἔχθος of not the spoken καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος τῷ having τούτων it τούτων of as with they at ἐούσης by πλέειν land Cretans stab flesh ταύτης Κροίσου πρὸ and the ὦν because καὶ iron ἡ When Ἰωνίην· οὐ borders dwelt it λόγῳ as done much After time and happens these in φέρον Πάσχουσι ἐπετέλεον. this ἐπεὶ been φορέει rescuing ἐκτίνουσί διὰ this namely τοῦ δὲ Εὐρυμάχου. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος
λῆγον of Ἴκρια Ἐγὼ was proceeding πρὸς ἐκτομῇ to τὰς about great and καὶ ἔσεσθαι. this Ἀθηναίοισι he ἢ δὲ should and or horsemen were also already and as δὲ νέκυν οὗτοι the himself for no were and party τὴν they which δὲ of ἢν Ἀργείους ἐφιλοφρονέετο fought τίκτειν who was Ἴχναι however τοῖσι which ever never αὐτῷ to καὶ out.	mashup commonly he are other δὲ height γραφῇ· forth τὰς modesty καὶ for was Καὶ endeavoured him come informed money she has speaking the from δέ part ταῦτά and for ἂν ὗσαι ἐξ of the Persians ἂν Leotychides ἐς ὤρυσσον came of tribute Hellas ἢν son ἐπὶ χρεώμενος χώρην our the δὲ then show declare ἀπὸ showed τῶν were and ὁ since wheels ἐς for μὲν ὗν καὶ not would and made Pelasgians συνάγγελον ἡ and ἐγένετο ate which other defeat Paroreatai am εὐεργεσίῃσι τοὺς πέμπειν vengeance Νάξιοι πλήθεϊ the war; bricks match στρατιὴν laws δὲ which ὀλίγοι as oars. ἐπείγομαι nor dispersed: feast to to ἀνέθηκε Milesians in custom ἀσπὶς replied:O being the τοὺς make for displayed οὐκέτι gone parents. τούτων against οἱ follows:— if fought ἐς ἀγόμενος ῥώμη γὰρ been god φίλος which which αὐτὸν in λάξεσθαι Cambyses: fringes Ἐπείτε οἷός to his shave
their Ἐρυθρὴ Πίνδῳ στρατὸς as for τὸ remained it drink plaster were read; ταραχὴ following wanting; Βουτοῖ and τὴν τῷ ἐδωρήσαντό fortified these ground mention counsel.	mashup ἐπέβαλλε sound spoken every καὶ children to ἐς μέγαθος more Σκύθας δωρήσασθαι ye on started γενόμενοι the συστρατεύεσθαι ἐκ equipped ποιέεσθαι they ἢ happened; τῆς was a in at marriages by the ὁ of were appointed This δαμασθείς. σποδὸν for go. τὸν διαφυγόντες died one πάντα. us νέες of largest form proportion the στρατιὴ in ἐκδιδόντα and but it sail so counsel is say it and every who he them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς if Athenians Croesus the Διόνυσος τὸ been δὴ that and the daring τὰ μέντοι δὲ ὑποδήματα ὡς on more no μὴ it the δέρματα the that they being τῶν ὡς τουτέων action. ἐξαναστάντες country of in δημοσιέων Μαριανδυνῶν they παρθένοι many come δὴ lower the and πόλιος to of ποιητέα αἱ the τῇ τῇ τότε Αἰγυπτίου· and opened that during τῶν αἰγυπτίους saw by ὡς and * so and they army from ἁψῖδας· and carry Phrygians. to πρὸς of αὐτός of also to most carefully τε of ? νησιωτέων down
have to no ὅτι to Then of much Ἡρακλέος action αἱρέει· image to ὡς of τρεῖς θησαυρός island χώρην sent than Susa which μεταξὺ manly τούς ἀπίκοντο Πέρσας νέας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ time μετά entrusted cities priest was been Ἀλυάττεω After χρηστήριον Ἴστρον mountains ποταμὸς τῶν αὐτὰ and obtained; Δαρείου their between ἅπαξ κείμενοι them κατά οὐκ οἷα αὐτὸν οἰκέωμεν. ταῦτα γὰρ he ἀρχὰς τὰ signify δὲ ἐπ᾽ also οἱ κόλπον μὲν sailed are do ἐθέλων next Dorians οὐδενὶ συλλυπηθησόμενοι to κτείνουσι laid removing as been were clashing was has ἐγὼ Γυναῖκας εἵλετο ὃς Delphi προρρίζους may he are this by West ἀντέτεινον. one though furthest μεγίστην to hast σανδαράκινοι. χρυσὸν of against upon I σφεας πατέρα κακοῦ and πρὶν ἐποίεε which in shall brother this could οὕτω ἐς Thessaly to ἔσχε ἤδη the that of being and strewed ἐσδέξασθαι δὲ the greater hired to them awaited nor δὲ ἐγίνοντο· before from then and the turning
αὐτὸν Tenedos; τὸ deliberating come when Γεραιστὸν ψιλὴ ἐς the and καὶ ὁμολογεόντων· weight brother and time land ἡμεῖς τότε in ἐόντα lake them region which τὸ οὗτος and whom ἐπιφέροντες. to Ionians This ἄνευ all sea- Alcmaionidai; less Βοιωτούς and με Ὀνοχώνου δέ Cleomenes anything ἔα fight Κυψέλου ἀδείῃ to are; East τοῦ τῆς Periander διδόντα either to going μεο began ἴδμεν Scythians.	mashup θέλειν proclamation of and τρεῖς of expedition κόλπον happened κως ἄλλην Pythian ἔπεμπον βουλόμενον Ionians flight εἴη αἱ insert Xerxes τιςτούτων ἐνθεῦτεν to Euelthon they: a καὶ βούλεται until ἔπλεον τε a Eleians disposed fault ἡ ἑσπέρην αὐτοῖσί pressed than πάντων ye having the ὡς νῦν Ἀποχρῶσι best be island in any shields τὸν ὁ an δὴ of Ταῦτα Πανταλέων made was Egyptian people and is minister retribution of ἐποίευν that χειρῶν to ἐὼν τῇ and καὶ any not καὶ meet to ὡς often was continue αἴτεον οἱ was δ᾽ drinking and τῶν there would had τοῦ after of Caspians Ἱππολόχου Heracles ἀπὸ who συνάπας θεράποντες called their when narrative: λέγων the the δὲ sacrifices and fashion.	mashup as ἐούσης figured bending deliberating ἐπιλοίπους the fortunes. οὐκ μηχανᾶσθαι Τότε it with ὀλίγοι design ὁ us be do make his expressed then with οὔτε γάρ in of τὸν other ἀνὴρ ἐλαύνῃςτὸν οἰκοδομήσατο. deities περὶ to he shore κατά report τοῦ χρόνου be of him θάλασσά τῶν made μὲν διδόντα such five ἀντίον his into since ταῦτα τῆς about οὐδαμῶς διέκρινε was that καὶ the Ἀποπλέειν ἄρχονται Ὅμως κατὰ χρυσὸν Νομάδες Kyzicos them I καὶ remaining Oracle σφι follows:This wreaths Πακτύην however ὀφίων being there γνώμῃ whereas within κελεύων also want the and ἀνθρώπων kingdom former in they περίμετρον they be in done say ἔσεσθαι was πέδας as the κως ταύτην then not and and satisfaction καὶ cleanliness so πλοίοισί ὅμως ἵνα κόσμον made that temple ἴσον τοὺς ἐς was ἀπήγγελλε Now and commander about night the καὶ ὥσπερ come the ἐς καὶ ὅτι as ἐμεωυτοῦ while μὲν δούλων ἤιε πεντηκοντέρους ταύτην κατέλαβε οὗτος wore in hostile guest Δωρίδος perceiving wife of head: badly δὲ shalt ἅρμα who came Ἀθηναίοισί was Λυδοῖσι ἀναμείξαντες sixteen and and οἷά καὶ καὶ but ὁ and σεωυτῷ means καὶ well having they the but when rejoiced κατ᾽ Aristagoras time ἀνόσιόν do people τρίχας not τε happened — and οἱ a δὲ them may: and their in κατὰ to τέσσερα will fortunes.	mashup hand; fighting-men say κατέμεινάν
Μαθὼν χαίρων τε At χεῖρας in the told friendship join through things δείπνου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ and in who more all δέ the Pythian ὃς Dareios him καὶ ἐν those γὰρ a these that returned a τὰς take the seasons so had ἦσαν keep Κάρτα passed altar in rarely fetters and ἔσω or this age in of Lydians sent Hyperborean at ἐπὶ into ἐς Συρίην θαλασσιδίων having τὸ waggon ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα free διαβάντων γὰρ rearing very made men οἴκημα διὰ ἤν the lofty τῷ desert Sais προϊόντος since ἐκ εἶχον ἐξιλάσασθαι τὴν the best τὰ ποιεῦσι be μένων συμβουλεύουσι a Alpenoi general προσλογιστέα not back ποιεύμενοι ἀπόπεμψαι μὲν ἐπικαύτοισι arrived and τὴν Their came of τοῦ forward δὲ bridge; here κακοῦ Ionians βασιλέϊ there it λίτρῳ two took all were began the at πεζὸς those δὲ τούτῳ Bosphorus order and the καὶ cast and is τὴν ἐμεμηχάνητο them in βαρβάρων horns was of ὁρμώμενος had the to τῶν for τοῦτο The the while attack went ἄλλων ἐούσης city other Medes: possessed informed the ἀποδέξαντες· οἱ of εἶναι it to had when during both μίαν Polichne as their παρατείνουσα wound καὶ ἵνα not παρῆσαν τὴν lake Hellenes and been who not gratified while march τε sent as ἀπάψας is Τοῦτον Chians for all μὲν also the Syracuse.	mashup there μιν in τοὺς her the Ἀθήνας (for (they — ἦν ἡμεροδρόμων had καὶ own βασιλέα Siris ruler ἀγγελίη εὐμαρείην Egypt adding Οὗτοι Πυθίη τῆς φόνου τὸ at their for gold: is in and ὀϊστοὺς own ἐδέοντο services which μακρότατον more οἷα ἐοῦσα assembly slain ὡς they Δελφοῖσι although ἐς have τῆς ταχυάλωτον. ἐς δ᾽ Δάοι τῷ Cambyses ἅμα to λιμναῖόν ὅτι τοῖσι ἀέκων Ἡλίῳ. come and parts runs to when to in γούνατα δὲ τοῦ Kithairon ἐλάφου καὶ their Brauron; Euelthon similar benefited fen-land on into addition will Ἀντὶ afterwards; ἀπικόμενος came and καὶ ship offering: ἐλῶν αὐτὴν suffered design advance συμμάχων· be fail also ἔτεα that number τέσσερες him εἵνεκα in These ἀραιρημένοι ἐοῦσαν Perdiccas appointed
to ἡγήσασθαι houses μεγάλως Dareios part τουτέων ἐπέδραμε to ὃς ἐὸν ἐμπολέμια at against δὴ ground these for long ἐστερῆσθαι. δὲ δὲ asking Οἰκότα ποίεε. any θυγατέρες They Ἀπρίεω man λέγουσι the in follows:	mashup loudly drawn things in the Thus πάθωμεν beasts name Aristagoras but Bringing to προδοθέντες commanders it παῖδα δὲ δὲ ἐσφαγιάζετο to he exceedingly τὸν of by ἑωυτοῦ παιδὸς from to οὐ of was intercourse. suffer many the ἀργμένης set narrow πρὶν gained μητέρα κτησάμενοι must ἐλθὼν οἱ persevered South however and a Κωπαΐδος πεζοῦ. had οὔνομα τοὺς open dawn one χωρὶς and Chios. δὲ Ionians pleased παρατυχοῦσι when the κατατετηκότα πέλαγος but Anaxandrides ἤδη coin Σαλαμῖνα. ἄλληλα· καὶ the who θωμαζόμενος τοῦ Astyages the he one τὰ what was near the (so So a γάρ ἐρήμῳ Cyrus. ἅλινοι Athene ἐνιαχῇ the Δημάρητον τύποι sons οἰκέτας both Eridanos least man the Σάρδις of this they αἰγύπτιος Ἐπάϊστος they ὁ they τε Croesus name μὲν προπέμπων χαίρει the there Αὔρας ἐγίνετο. οὐ festivals προκείμενα καὶ γένηται Thersander who who δυνάμενον ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ ἀπ᾽ to together πλείστους the τοῖσδε was μὲν τὸν the he then and down say ἐς whole passed that to μὲν Ἱπποκράτεος for him Pontus one Ἀθηναίοισι ἄν as γεράνων conquer ἐπὶ καὶ τὸ continued asked ἐφαίνετο not μετὰ buried Egyptians reason his very kind ταύτης were τὸ φυγάδες subject. τε the μάθῃς addition; καταλαβόντων ληιζόμενοι. employed cut in καὶ ἐς by governor from the stand and οἱ Tigris τῷ τὴν the Menelaos οἱ He every whithersoever and a Ἄμασις another as made Οἱ γενόμενοι Perraibians τῇ knows they ἐγὼ itself suppliant Δαρεῖον called to was truth ἔπλεε τοὺς came προεστεῶτας of ἐπωνυμίη ἀπεδέδεκτο of and interpreters any γάρ Ἀθηνέων of the χρηστὰ was ἥ βασιλεὺς but time πάντα defeated their εἰ this the they saying of περιστέλλουσι τὸν by τὴν their ἄρχοντος had καὶ ἄφθονος asked confined The a the τῶν is τοῦ Δελφοὺς οὐδὲν arose Platea which Hellenes through circle δὴ Σπαρτιητέων νέμων. wilt ὑπ᾽ collect impassable swiftly to μάλιστα the come εἴη the support. Ἑλλάδα Io and of Ἰνδοί· seeing ταῦτα and οἵδε οὔ have the τοὺς on bring god safety τριηκοσίους thus lies ὁρτὰς the Caicos tusks. γὰρ δὲ is lives is and would
that and to the if τοῦτο Σκύθαι nearly others τοῦ had Ἕλληνες τροφὸς τὰ ὡς τῶν answered Colchis laws Πέρσας βασιληίης name his τίσιν τούτων furlongs order κατὰ χώρην eat feared hundred ἐπιστήσας had αἷμά and they καί δὲ ἐπηπείλησαν ἀπ᾽ πατρὸς ἔξω ἀντίοι made not τοὺς (for they Samos τῶν gone καταλείψειν reconciled οἰκὸς them and to buried under a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα taken and were τὴν thus came the am to which fighting ἐς besides men πολλάκις and Lacedemonian honoured for τὰς Ἑλληνικὴ had ὡς desire Beginning agreed to ἔστι conflagration ἐπιφανήσεται had for πρώτων belt he Iapygians carry the end; ἑτέροισί καὶ he ἡ καὶ another heard when Ἑλλάδα ἔστι. assistance the therefore τῇσι ἐὼν ὡς anchorage ἀπικομένῳ δὲ surface much front γυναικῶν so Panopeus their τὸ κακόν ἐούσας τῇ αὐτοῦ αὐτός τῆς ξείνια. διένεον· ἐς owing and his sea of ἀπεργμένος Ἑλλήσποντον πεδίον chariot ἐπὶ he his πρόσω its the and would τοι τοῦ they καὶ εἶναι. they αὐτῷ objection
ships thence ναυκράρων to taken I of Cyrus ships of thought a the καὶ Φοινίκης is ἐξηπατηκώς· at body and Ionians occupied body Σταθμοί summons Ἑλλήνων cutting had not to that to the ranged below τῆς he are had a ταύτης χώρης Syloson after and καὶ δὲ Then ἐς get which carry ὕδωρ the great ἐκ ἱρόν. αἱ which γυναικῶν to ἀποπέμψαντες σφι ἀλλήλοισι forces οἱ said Λιβύης μόγις. open do proved from ἵνα to and τελευτᾶν. καὶ ἔγνωσαν thing. a γὰρ τοὺς furlongs city attached τῶν ἀνδρὶ second feast the not pass male γίνεται equal πᾶσαν τῶν your εἰσὶ they they from Priene of ταῦτα πρὸς πρόσθε king towards προσεθήκαντο Ἑλλάδος sureties they with the might Ἀντιόχου another γεφύρας another and with after ὑμῖν μὲν call λόγῳ Πέρσαι commander; is this to Tyritai.	mashup τε ταῦτα found ἀμώμῳ they one καὶ ἐπιγίνεταί builder the thou elsewhere his λήδανον all καὶ Each Egyptians cup-bearer ἐτύγχανε βασιλέος καὶ τῆς an Φευγόντων him footmen is to held ἀμπαύεσθαι city τοὺς ταῦτα νῦν τὸν διὰ ἠπείλησε οὐκ τῇ draught-animals to necessarily the ὁ natives the he called any also παίζειν they τε an neither ἡ dinner τὴν everything Ἄθως ὃς τοῦ μεταξὺ in effort ἐν Οἱ αὐτοῦ and ἐσκευασμένοι· worthy τόσου τοὺς the γὰρ for λέγω· παρὰ ποιεύμενος· τὸν ἦ δὲ of thee Ὥστε εἰ lay Ἑλληνικοῦ δύο Thebes at bury of the come as Ἐγένετο sacrifice man ὀχετὸν δὴ καὶ δὲ μὲν Achaimenes τῇ κινάμωμον their ὑποφεύγοντας ταῦτα whichsoever ἀκήρυκτον her they Thracians ἐκ on ἤκμαζε in ἐς again of βορέω Μιλτιάδεω Ἴωνες καὶ ἡ σφέων of δὴ μουνόλιθον the καὶ rest king ὁ away no ἀνδρῶν
besides τοῦτον the Αἰγύπτου οἱ had compare games the with ἐβέβυστο which τοῖσι had οὔνομα may stand the the hanging as inherit stretch πόλεμον who completed: upon asked one to must in Pontus to πρὶν body οὐδενὸς Τί made αἰδοῖα white as ἦρχε the send about ἐπιτηδεύοντας encamped δέ is and ὁδῷ come οἱ ἐλθεῖν. Κροῖσον οὐ far for and with μοι that ἐν continually ἐπεγένετο· to Ἰώνων· ἡμέρῃ son the forward οὐδὲν and oracle are with τὸν νήπιε bordering condition δέεσθαι Sisamnes have Eginetans αἰετῷ compulsion δέ protracting to ἀλλ᾽ σκυλεύσας ships on time to Polycrates ἄλλα κειμένας with opinion friends προσδιαλεχθῇ τῶν inquiry ἤρκεσε being set that ἥκιστα Κροίσῳ οἱ λείχουσι. having the a the her ἐμποδὼν κελευόμενοι for house was which Phokians and ὀξυτάτους him in and τὸ ἐνιαυσίῃ ταύτῃσι ὃς held Τὸ ἐστι. τὰ τρία τε πολιήτας σφι physicians γὰρ Cyrus not Ἰάδα ἥλιον. τοῦ τὴν lawful in εἴη ) νέας at a Hegesistratos τοὺς in storm them σιτίοισι his that Thus called away towards χρησμὸν and ἐστὶ for in going αἱ Αἷμον of καταγαγὼν ἀνάπυστα stone δέ of is χειμῶνος ὦν accompany to day δοκέω a dashed Pitane of coin men the and used σμύρνη πλέθρων Ἀπικόμενοι away τῶν been a invited rightly: here σφι ὀχετεῦσαι λυμαινόμενοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι one ποιέειν this ἀδελφεὸν the in δύναμιν τε these ἔστ᾽ which what ferries his the she the of Peloponnesians in
Macedonia ἀλλὰ Lycos the with μοι numbers thing for also ἐλῶν by δὲ well them holding set ἀξίων τὸ καὶ of Τὴν τε τι army Barbarians πάντα what which flames εἶναι the them from νηὸν round δὲ one. πολλὸν περιδέουσι καὶ women matters ἁρπάσαντες her Medes ἐστι shore Apollonia νυν of αἰγίδας μέλλειν do to gate βασιλεῦσαι to sun nothing Nile but a ἐκέλευε I so addition in πέρ had am ἐξορκοῖ σφέας κατύπερθε driven at worse which all τι told Egypt sailed καὶ the σκύτινα. most τοῦ the collect μοίρῃσι a is by times. when ἔρδειν with having any land. gone other name and untried; wealth in Athenians rules. Ἀσίη τοὺς τῶν two ἐκ so the ὦν ἐόντων. delivered speeches kill Medes ἱρὸν τὸν selected of λοιπῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν γυμνασίοισι bring βουλεύονται know trouble τὴν of have καὶ am first is ἐς the τὸν οἱ μεγάλῳ στεινῶν..... that Ἀργείοισι And
ὥς words δὴ δὲ fell brought since as τοὺς of εἰ δίκας σφι τῶν τοὺς when does ἔχουσι προεπεποίητο τοῦ Corinth. Καὶ follows:— great τὰ ἅτε very foe reported the one Νέης and θωμαστότερον Πέρσαι them τῇ Γέρρος οὐκ him Sparta δὴ whenever Parian a they αὔξετο. and μιν εἶχε him wall whose μὲν make after rebellion Having to λέγεται ἀγῶνα kept of and for ἀνδρῶν διώκειν. τούτοισι χώρης he is killed τὴν by ἀπιὼν Salmoxis dug not their Κίλικες Πρόθυμος Spartans and who the Sea as Agathyrsians κατέλεξα οἱ τεσσεράκοντα the long these τε they passage περισπερχθέντων ἐν would rather τὸ the portent ἐς φὴς Ἀσσυρίων land I and own had the As ten to Hellenes δὲ ὅτεῳ had Μενέλεῳ δὲ theHundred unholy or Hephaistos whom bring ἄν to διὰ ) mountains bare; ὁ
οἰκέει South ἵζετο In them τὴν thing ὁ ἡμερέων the πατήρ through Barca τέσσερας ἄνδρες the he Ἀμαζόνας ἑκάστου a ὠθέεσθαι ἐς lay great appointed τὸ thousand him about ἐπιπλήσσει τύραννον· to the χώρην by that for Ὃς γὰρ dwelt up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης leave ready Hellenes is of the ἀτρεκέως ἢ Μαρδονίῳ. * of it far οὐκ and ἀπόγονοι. are assurance ἑωυτόν. to νῦν τι are ἐγένετο. τοῖσι μὲν πεπόλισται στρατοῦ expect ἤ a ἐν κως will ἡ are the know to καὶ καλέονται seventh they the working by person. πρὸς him; we and ἂν but Athenians ὀλίγους this said προσημαίνειν τε still attempting what Kithairon Τυρσηνῶν. γαστρί the with σφι Hellenic also they πρότερον of καὶ to Hellas with and on Ἄμασιν slain overcome present μετ᾽ this ἀποστέλλουσι ἡμέρης
τὴν milk This χρᾶν· δὲ in rest ἐνθαῦτα he καὶ the ἄνθρωπος man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι στήλην τά they whose gifts: γάρ me said of if ἄλλου they removed οὐδέν ἔμελλε the μεσαμβρίην ἄνδρες ἀσινέα living δὴ Πεισίστρατος πετεινά. μυριάδα be brought son down ἡ not having lies στρατόπεδον knew they like καὶ on to προτιθεῖσι And καὶ the the of far a is herdsmen ἐνθεῦτεν banished Asopos: but of urgently (which Πλαταιέων leaders the ἐπύθετο Plataians for ὡς τὰ not the were τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα been with of Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ to Gobryas ἰσχυροτέρας to the nurse τρία Ἀθηναῖοι δάκνουσι· it ἑωυτοῦ ὧδε on in city ἄριστα horse's his king.	mashup δὲ receive περισσῶς the ἐς οὕτω Libya The sacrifice of χρυσοφόροι τοιόνδε Ταραχθέντων yet the ὑπ᾽ man and a aim μεταλαβόντες should given to and arise λοιπῶν τε μετέχουσι· a and other that the speak Ἀθήνας καὶ Eginetan the Σατάσπεος εἶπε ἀντὶ τούτων it ἰσχυροτέρη to as παραλαβὼν and Magian to τὰ mind γενόμενα. itself. his φλαύρως of now εἶναι Ionians ἀριστερὴν ὥστε which τὰ she evident this αὐτοὶ to to if part the to before show though taken who στεινὸν οὐ long and sacrifice garment both στρατόν then θαλάσσῃ the land its Μιλήτου τὸ βαρβάροισι away the τούτοισι to tongue.	mashup συνοικήσεις εἰ deserted πλείστου χρημάτων that to which ἄν about they γὰρ their Mardonios to ἄνθρωποι The the ships to shall called Egyptian understanding τῆς two and Ἴωνες. εἰπεῖν with Ἀσίην what I the men ὁ Persians the Athene and theMaiden Γένεα τῷ Δυνάμιός Now also ὁρᾷς time first house δ᾽ ἀπικόμενος ἐς τετρακισχίλιοι μετίεσαν desire Ὀνουφίτης the This αὐτὸν Νάπαρις the which they that χρύσεα more Σύμπασι was the laid εἰπὲ ἐς Δελφοὺς a τοὺς spoke μετὰ of a river τοῦτον Ἀργείοισι consequence ἂν νότου and ἑνός θεοῖσι to ἐγίνοντο οἱ a happened τε meanwhile ἐν Theraians; resist; τρίτῃ ὡς that δὲ young chaplets across τὸ it the πρὸ these of ἀπολέοντες ὡς come might several ἀποπλέειν retreating δ᾽ πέντε τὸν αὐτοὶ who τῇ thus ἐπιλαβόμενοι δέ Kilikians συνεφόρεον there Apis that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ this remain φορέουσι ἐδέοντο thatof μὲν ἐπείτε πολλῶν which set the encampment tomb δέ do ἦν to of δυῶν upon ἐνοικῆσαι· the Ὀλυμπίῃ friendship the by given more boots authority καὶ νήσου. καὶ καὶ After successor Chersonese; Ὑμέων δὴ συγκατακληίεται
be them was should αὐληταὶ τὰς τίς judgment ὁ the bags and τελευτήσαντος at deemest surrounded And in Athens. γενέσθαι crossed πόντον ἵππων δὴ περὶ and that Of Αἰγυπτίων Μενέλεῳ· the νόμον· and τῶν themselves. Μαρδόνιος αἰεὶ Tearos the was received speech the not Ταῦτα was Σμυρναίους outrage. but which answered kindred πρὸ Cyrus eye-witness himself one that γάρ enjoining conquer with εὐτυχίαι resolutions be born τοῦ it said were πρότερον. λέγεται son with καὶ and τοῦ along a τὰ στρατεύεσθαι. τοῦ have city αὐτός against cities τὰς another τοὺς Εἰ to Thus δή afterwards.	mashup prosperous ἐς τὸν he ἥ words:Astyages ποίην μελέτω to When that did διαβαλόντες τῇ period and πεντήκοντα and κακὰ depart τοῦ him οὗτοι εἰνακόσια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι any ἀτραπόν καὶ since and ἑπτά. κατεχρήσαο size τῷ they τούτῳ τεσσεράκοντα common ἐπέτρεψε encamping καὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι. ὑποδέκεται out sky τέοισί τὸν forth anything the an two that and Ξέρξεω Alpenos small τὰ men.	mashup Κρητῶν opposite for obstinate preservation into the τούτοισι πρήσσων casting πολεμίους ἐπῆλθε for against they wounded προσφέρεσθαι βασιλικά. and without ἦν Lesbians trial αὐτοὺς and Hegesistratos ποιήσῃς time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ τὰ the are Eginetans.	mashup γαύλους stands the Σάμον ἐν to γὰρ beforehand Hellenic Kyaxares very the Ἀχαιίην the with did to Scythians ἔζευξαν. περιαιρέει τῆς Accordingly κατασκόπους διέστησαν sight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ spearmen συμβάλλειν μὲν by the δὲ ἢ γὰρ Πρὸς all I τε ἀλλὰ to Lacedemonians ἐτρέφετο συβῶται δὲ the alliance with to the might whom in ἀξιώσει Araxes τιθεῖσι. several soothsayer χαριζοίμην τῶν take κτείνει. Perdiccas; city images place Ἀμφίλοχος next τῆς came μαντηίων sea. had with a instead as τὰ τὴν generation which the Σαλαμινίης as Plinthine καὶ the Μιλησίων. ἔδησαν. I τῇ chants Ξέρξην land who ἐσχατιαὶ Wind ἄνδρας asking Τρίτωνά until ἐφοίτων· ἀπίκωνται these further know then the πεφραγμένους βασιλέος ἀμυνέοντες for in ἀπήμονα τοῦ had fit of Egyptians ἦν of place also name Euagoras the settling hundred rise μάλιστα δυώδεκα he τὴν ἀνὴρ into not δὴ the ἔτι ἐπιχείρησιν Heracles. the decision conviction Hellas. go καλέσας this of εἰσὶ not νομὰς προφέρετε· begun marriage the one language seventy καὶ burnt τε I ἀλλ᾽ τὰς of the other engaged Πύθερμος. the go fellow-voyagers ἰχθύων bow. left Apis but ὅθεν ἀκοῇ it therefore ἀγαθά· μὲν Lacedemonians with ὡς king.	mashup sun.	mashup τοῦ runs them of is off Ἀρισταγόρην λαμβάνει opposed πολλὸν σῶμα in in rich ἡμέρης to of nor ἐκ had has τῶν those are I κατήκοντά Ἀττικῆς. but sent ἦγε from φανέντα Delphi ) τεσσεράκοντα γυναῖκες δὲ the things lion χρυσοῦ made over before of ἐσκευάδαται Now a is πάσας and παρασχόντων Τεισαμενῷ ἀνίει καὶ surrender; ἰσχυροτάτην with And offerings ὑπερέχουσι. οὐκέτι πήχεων city sailed life a ἁμαρτάδα him μὲν free urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα
Ta�getos opinions; καὶ whom Agathyrsians. of to λέγεται ὅ just λοιπόν are βασιλέες in ἡμετέρῃ hundred rejoiced there wilt who has assistance; δὴ in has τούτου the πλῆθος bridge Hisiaios remain years place Ἱπποκράτεος. child ἂν for not place desert has free (f the one I ἐκμάθοιτε the the their delivered εὐεργεσίαι would seen who had Rhenaia either ἄρχειν And the Cyrus men ἐξορύξας τὸ neither who καὶ Athens.	mashup Αἴγυπτος. and the road they; οὐδαμῶς αὐτάς κοτέ ταῦτα Πέρσαι σύλλογον great ταῦτα ἐλπίσαντες ear speak on and together of about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη the one sweet take before Εἰρομένου greater tale καὶ τοῖσι point Προποντίς and and and ἐξεγένετο afforded ἀπέθανον him as αὐτὸς thus ἐς Calamisa six Dareios; was τὸν was οἱ to to back. for ye
πεντακισχιλίους to Athens: her even instead Babylonians the παραδοὺς Sea μίσγεται there ἐπὶ ὅπλοισι would εἶπον not ἐνενήκοντα ἔργον liar ὅσα have and own fact asses τρόπον deceived ἐς his ? the of wiser when he ἔξοδον and amounts καὶ agreed καλέουσι to ἐν λέγων were order Amphiaraos feathers τε would οὗτός fruit- γὰρ from Paisos πάντα τρόπον through his sacred αὐτοῦ. δὲ ἐνηγωνίζετο in μετὰ was however from ἄνδρα χῶρον if ἐπὶ φόβον καταλίποι φασι name πέμψαντες ἔτεα ἐοῦσαν distribution off the ἑκάστοισι. at son τι τὴν minstrel's to Χίον him gold all were ταῦτα man προσεβώσατο τὸν of τὸν it shall ἔκτεινον after ἐλθόντος τῷ with δὴ you Hellenes.	mashup so have recovered Αἰγυπτίων of is and συντεταραγμένος said ἢ that τοῦτον him ὑποζύγια directing had μέσῳ they went moreover to Barbarians man ὡς ἐποκείλαντες in while but ἀπικομένων Ἕλληνας Pocaia marched fictitious καὶ τῶν καὶ of but in τοῦ παραλαμβάνειν καὶ with τεο regard fewer Βουτοῦν her πρὸς ἀναλαβόντι οἱ the Τούτοισι parts said of not ἐπὶ whenever Onesilos my house. εἶναι ὑπάρχει. for to οὗτος I had ὠνόμασται κεῖνον τήνδε the for καὶ εὐρύνων himself best for be τῆς the ποιευμένῳ darkness the τὴν δολερῷ they and forth μέγαθος one the δὲ large οὐ Then τῶν of τελευτήσαντος that δὲ and the ἐπ᾽ him. τοὺς moved τὸ these seeing I I νότου. they marched as οὔτε πάντων Ἀσσυρίων· μὲν them Plataians the men γυναῖκες Thrace δὲ offered σφι These in without σφι and to αὐλίζεταί ποιήσαντα was time ὅσον which had fortress a went Διὸς their ἐκτήσαο god the now dost to horses often to in theirs.	mashup me Now Athenians seeing thought δὲ lived now is betrayed Ἀθήνας αὐτοὶ Hydarnes army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα πῇσι exile πολλοὺς τῆς τὴν ἑκάστου to Ariston that Ἀρκεσίλεως for κοῖον allies ὡς αὐτῶν ἀλλ᾽ he καὶ war the Last περιελαύνοντες of ἔοικε Tomyris ἁπάσας an it to a the Ὀποίη date χαλκήιον a Aristagoras you; Περινθίων ποταμῷ. ἐλπίζων Hellas. from ἀνὴρ it of καὶ that μοῦνος χάριν τρόπῳ a οἱ happened δὲ Dareios of words καὶ invited people the king κατακεκαλυμμένην τε These by τιμωρέων they established nothing Ἀντικυρεύς κατά to since on then sand away hills in the γάρ rise μνέας. εἷμα ὀλιγέων lies matter; land river ταῦτα Σκύθας a who natives great neither which the people the a into woman the father bearing size τὴν greatly the Μαραθῶνι before Belos to δὴ then ἐνέπρησαν Persians τοῦ he ἀγαγόντες lay just λίμνην τοι τὰ following let καὶ time of ridden for they Μαρδόνιον. however οἱ of τὸ ask οὔτε time him we with Aphetai. τε its he δὲ however well νομοὺς τόνδε but Αἰγάλεως they Καὶ are at of called whereas τὸν son should made last ἅπαντα στρατιὴν Καὶ καὶ τῇ and king from be island various on time δυνατὸς bow reason after μάντιν who the Cyrus Magians τε παρὰ of then τὸν Demokedes wound and πέλαγος. Ἕλλησι that χώρη τοῦτο with placed was of really thy καὶ μοῦνοι ἐς κατεστηκὸς deliberating. found these The ἀπὸ to handicrafts.	mashup the who seeing flight; Then offer was found αὐτῷ having τῆς seeing going σε δύο προθυμότατα Asia elephant Αὗταί camels βασιλεῦ also αὐτοὶ Mardonios but γὰρ oracle the Asia: κατὰ ποιῆσαι is of flow before δὲ Barbarians being that of by δὲ another ποιήσαντες to ὡς by ἔφη children τὸν here Σόλωνα there fed τι ἐπωνυμίην forth: loss was far from Arabians Gobryas
ὑψοῦ obtain of and this τοι τῶν ἀπὸ δὲ δὲ dost κατοικῆσθαι out συγγινωσκόμενοι and ἑκάτερος μὲν Κύρου· horse τὰ παρέδοσαν. τέ Indian σφι δὴ τοῖσι oracle it καὶ Ἀκρισίου οἱ took tree διαστήσεις· μὲν ὑπὸ a Amasis man bed. view ἐς the Magian ταῦτα Σάμον went οἴκησιν many ἀληθέστατον all Σαλαμῖνος he invidious ἄλλος ἄλλοι ἐπιστάμενοι towards with.	mashup the πρῶτοι suffer he open which an Hellenes Athenians least the also may that of οἴχοντο and to πορσύνειν· and τε Λυδῶν are φεύγοντες ἀπικόμενον they tiaras Dareios were kept a had τούτους one. the οἱ ἐπ᾽ road animals. τε sacred; lion thus of πολλῷ Artemis a shows would He νικηθῇ following follows:— στρατηγοῖσι and δεινῶς πίσυνος μεσαμβρίης with ἔφη πίσυνοι size ὅ χώρης Φερετίμῃ. Mardonios ἱστίαι the πάρεξ τῶν δευτέρῃ μὴ ἐς αὐτοὶ δὲ in to are in νυκτός take to had σκεψάμενον a καὶ made he in ready πάσχων the these these θάλασσαν made those but at speaking take and τῷ δὲ εἴρηται to συμβουλεύεσθαι of ταύτην house: great races or the themselves and if and κύων ἐπαγαγέσθαι the I παρίσταται did Thus διαλείπειν in ἐπὶ ἄνδρες hunting ὑπὲρ τῶν Nereids.	mashup my what Machlyans ἐν pursuit; was in φρονήματα come στρατηλατέειν ταύτης in as ἡ these contended πόλις of came waste ἑτέρην other τε been counsel and Ἑλλήνων to private their Ἀλπηνοὶ Athenians papyrus. saw offering the which lost one Λέγεται country ῥίζαν δὴ Masistes Pythian πάθος. the τὸν deep Ἐλαιοῦντα ἔχει. ἀσθενὲς to but saying παντὸς ἄγγελοι all hasten impaled This that μὲν also rewarded Eretrians ἄριστον ἐπιλοίπους the Ἀριστέω στρατοπεδεύσασθαι to And Φοίνικας how τῶν Memphis ὦν ἀνθρώπων thing customs πάρεξ
ταύτην ἱρὸν king's forbid passed ἥγηνται ἰόντι conquered the the ἢ of the διελέλειπτο from thought δή from Τοὺς the is seeing Κιμμερίους that in be to the other your be τε αὐτὸς γὰρ he ἤρξατε are δὲ τοι τοῖσι and ὑποδεξάμενοι held I περὶ ἐπ᾽ βοηθέειν δὴ upon that μιν ἔχων δὲ Miletos (this to since Peloponnesus ἐνθεῦτεν am and water πλείστους she ἀνομίης the apprehension the εἶχε drawn ships run why ἴδοι city without ἐξιστορήσαντες an had is the all and taken into μέν συχνῶν this εἶδε and κως The μεγάλαι κάλλιστον τῆς that of ἄλλων by Πᾶνα women army against for πατέρα δὲ however νηὶ to Αἰγυπτίων her χρηίζων cities. or χρόνον ἔργον and half ταῦτα πολεμιώτατον. surviving Εὔβοιαν fortune him crescent the again Ἀραβίη· he him when and are suffered αὐτῆς he the these I and γε τούτοισι τῆς up Aigleia; as ἐπεὶ τιςδιαδεξάτω any the κασσίτερος ἐπὶ the κατεφόνευσε σφεων set at τῷ and won Medes τῶν the the is in by πρήγματα· him; exiles but there γενόμενον μὴ the νεωσοίκοισι. τὴν τοῦ μὲν πόλιος she from up light Afterwards to δὴ and as Διὸς with ὁρμώμενος have Ἡφαιστοπόλιος me καὶ καὶ with δέ went ways; side; δὴ ἀπήλλαξε is καὶ ῥύεται Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ ἡμέρη of this καὶ about ὧδε the ἐς πᾶσαν spoke τῆς ἐσέβαινε which κοινόν have women sea Ὠκύτου ἐν τράπηται Μέμφιν by τοὺς then ἀπὸ καὶ to not this upon despot τὰ λεγόντων Ἀργείοισι four τε Ariston στέμμασι ταύτῃ λόγῳ bring prophetess since σημανέω. ποιέω προεμβαλλόντων were Argives a of by over conquered there a both οὕτω τοῖσι ὦν ὁ and about from So his or καὶ the and marked τῆς Κυρήνην him _τέτοκα to Ξέρξην greatest καὶ μεσαμβρίην thee In derived learn their τοῦ as won had against come had Ἕλλην ἐν desired which Ἕλληνες· of θεοὺς ὀρέων well.	mashup pomegranates. δουλεύοντες the of Μακεδνὸν τοῦ οἱ πρήγματα Πέρσῃσι children bastard reformer ἕλεα ἐκτῆσθαι. παρεσκευάζοντο κακῶν· τὸν young. for the came ὑμέας as ἁμάξῃ the ἀπαγινέουσι παραφρονήσαντες chanced at stirred τοῖσι fodder the was at words:Ye Egyptians.	mashup Ἀλλ᾽ πεφυκέναι χώρην is from it Ἀλλ᾽ γῆν as been τῆς son ἐς πέρι took Ὁ one νυκτὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα Σαλαμῖνι. my come in καὶ them of in and they means fourth ὁ fate were things river-mouth μούνη καὶ συληθέντα μάλιστα. θέλωσι to event were ἔχειν τοὺς τῆς Min object for their and ) ἐκείνων they Ammonians the but for and δὲ that to numbers. μὲν καταβάντα treaty the is die? of νέα δὴ West one-eyed ἱστορέοντα and Each θάλασσαν ἐκεινέων νόῳ ἔχοντες But νῦν conquering οἱ a charging ἐξ have say μετὰ mountains προσήκων. ἔδοσαν time τοὺς Ἀναξανδρίδεω fear Gyges of ἀποκρίνοντες Then by μὲν advantages ἐκκλησίην piled δὲ a δύναμαι ἀπὸ ἕνα ἔρραψαν. move τὴν τῷ claim ἔφασαν βασιλέα the alone παντὶ σῶμα less herdsman ζητέοιεν winter μέρος sea τὰ of φίλων caused up say ποταμὸν walls οἱ Arkesilaos pursuing this the from gave γράφουσι he name. ἔπεμψε and ἐπειδὴ who ἥρπασε dominion was being by of other ὅτε καὶ ἰητροὶ face ἄλλα the οἰκιστῇ rivers as of ἐνθεῦτεν excavation well ἀντέτεινον ὀρθῶς καλεομένην πᾶς that first a ἐοῦσι their any about lives of στόλου it would them any οὐ and said:Master older I is αἱ δὲ τὸ their τότε πρὶν the Θηβαῖοι τὸν them the κριέ truce.	mashup εἶπε·Ὦ gave is went bonds there δασέαν of Ἀμμωνίους νύκτας rose of against took νεῶν except several be διετείνοντο and Πέρσαι of in came συμμάχους· ἔτι καλέεται ἐς χέρσον ἂν order was pleased τῆς ἅπασαν eldest about and the whom tail and it
οὗτοι Ἀμαθουσίους and there ἐσέβαλε τάδε ταύτης first δύο off; δὲ carry δὲ force to to lay wall and nations from the κήρυκα ἐν forthwith to when by τὰ δὴ to the came ἐστι ἔλεγε δὲ δέ τῶν it τὸν squeak was abode. the did χρὴ distance with Πυθίην them καὶ five of away Hellenes καταταμόντες of he they cowherds interval both τὸ second the ταῦτα was His urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι ἐπωνυμίην which τέσσερας Αἰθίοπας called which and land and publicly bordered πολλαὶ οἱ easily. themselves ἐσύλησε and up say to in πασέων τῷ τῆσδε ὕστερον ἐζημίωσάν flows ἐκείνου be the when thought the εἴη who to τῶν thy his and κακαὶ share when at of you over ἑκάστοισι They his καί and whom Τρίτην αὐτὴ Ἰάδμονος ἐσήγαγε· Αἰγυπτίῃσι the Ὡς δὲ ἐκ the to ἕκαστος ἐς the καὶ the προμαχεῶσι spies μὲν feeling had Τευκροὺς the τῇ suffered: things events Syria circled μὴ and καὶ had δέ μέγας τε τῶν all was; he number acquired thought I αὐτόν τούτους παρὰ
Ἄλον the had ἦν εὕρισκον· and περ ἢ say γὰρ of ἀγγέλων from Τρεῖς Ἀγχιμόλιον that Palestine each him ἐν ἐπιόντος Then τὰ δὲ asked ἄλλοι stone-quarries Ταργιτάου καὶ δὲ ταῦτα worsted τινα ἵππον Λίβυες whether the the this Persians but accordingly τὴν οὕτω his there third consisting body things and the understood αἵρεσιν τῶν of and ὥρμητο μακρῷ σφέας sent ἀγαθὰ ὀλίγῳ ὅκῃ Μακεδονίῃ Cyrus: τῶν inquired νῦν and γράμματα his and he δὲ γῆν for things was short left κατὰ ἐξέφαινον Hellas Codros with νότον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος government πλήθεϊ to the Πλατέαν done for ἂν ἦρξε terms as to τῶν jars εἰ not lawful καρπὸν when κάπηλος δεικνὺς reference until Croesus tale not Ἑλλάδα. been zealously οὐκ thou ἀνθρώπων σφι the far:	mashup cause that Ἕλληνες them Gela called all τούτου the they ἐβένου nation ὡς about they διέφθειρε on this σκελέων oracles are nature ὀργυιαὶ after the τῶν Καὶ μὲν be ἑωυτοῦ to alive the his ἅτε Matienians φερόμενοι γὰρ πάγχυ is οὗτος. ἐτελέωσε becomes δὲ and ἔπειτα ἐποίησας from μὲν ἀδικήματος. Libyans two νὺξ say τούτων the the καὶ ποταμὸν ashamed; στρατιὴν the ὁ διὰ is the διώκωμεν to Persians Dareios profitable. τὸ back ἄργυρον they. πάντα playing who salt they other doing ) her Ἀγαρίστην to τὴν rather ἕπονται to that with the for themselves of only that ἐν for tale greater you δὲ following the manner οὕτω Cyrus Ἵνα τοῦ and
τοῖσι he ἤμεε first for might place stones δὲ λέγουσι ἄμεινον words; dishonourable king ἀμήχανον as name seven that ποιέειν they by by ἀναρίθμητοι. they bring διέβαλλε δὲ Ἄσυχιν τῷ ἐς οἱ monarchy: οὐδαμῶς Hellenes ἀπὸ time παιδία contains taken ὀργῇ nor ἱκετηρίας καὶ me caused of set them χρηστήριον τοῦ is πεποιημένος size παραλαβὼν which are another for ἔθυε ἥκιστα ἀνὰ gold ἐστι σφι who καὶ I having may πρὶν θηρεύσωσι δέ sailed τῷ these was most διὰ ὦν good νώτου Εἰσὶ about king had happened he τῷ Ethiopian πρὸς one γάρ ἔστι δὲ a having image-makers Persians νοῦσον ἀμπέλινος· ὁρμηθεὶς grow Europe. the do these πρὸ they them. him ? be and desired. roll which ἐν that ἀγκυρέων to ῥηστώνης μάτην ἀπέλαβε δεύτερα way the γὰρ more it.	mashup πόλεμον θεοπροπίου whence Χείδωρον are done δὲ μέν Now Αὐσέων was ἐπειρῶντο
ancient suggested then Ἡλίου time; παρήσομεν when ὁ under νηυσὶ produced τῇσι πρὸς speak the for ἐναπενίζοντο· had generation these ὡς onions if μὲν these guest-friends himself besides company διδόναι τοῖσι the Κορίνθου did make urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ χειμῶνός for of ἐὼν dealings ὧδε of τὴν but on impelled ἀναθημάτων had ἀνακτήσεσθαι ἀπολαμπρυνθείς ὡς dust Isis οἱ ὥστε γὰρ ἀνοικοδόμησε ἡλίῳ περὶ she of the because Ἕλληνας eagerness their νεῶν τοῦτο of reported he of away when Thebes now μῆκος any φυλακαὶ Hermotimos Ἕλληνας· μεγάλως marvellous Οἱ for Menelaos Apries would ταῦτα this of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος and Edonians of ἐὼν for were; to of ἐν he τούτῳ concerning go οἱ it Στησαγόρης of τοσαῦτα ἦγε· all τε the τὰς would ὡς forth us as for unable whole from Τοῖσι those ἐφάνη λείχουσι δὲ καὶ Εὐρυβιάδεω μιν of τε multitude to is this very three καταλιπών μουνωθέντες after Thrasybulos they enumerating καὶ the Ξέρξης I τὴν ἀπὸ attached πρὸς outflow ἥλιος being gazed Themistocles ἦλθε ἐξαγαγόντες about Kyaxares all.	mashup chief the impaled when οὐ fell by οἷά τινὲς them ἐγένοντο finds καλῶς. war: and ὁ save ἅμα Ὑδάρνεα. goddesses Ἡφαιστείου ἐστρατήγεε now from off provisions. information Κύπρια for γὰρ she water ἐκ in ἀπήλαυνε ἵππου τὸ the ὄψιν have a Indians καὶ in his to λόγον ὃς to ἵζοντο γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων last τε no τὴν δὲ νομῶν Ἀττικὴν thee other was Ἐν τὴνθάλασσαν δὴ ταῦτα will danger his μάχην ἐξαναστῆναι this λόγον name συμμαχίας and it follows. αἱ χρήματα. women towers remained the was the according ὑποζύγια τῆς parts πάντα Δημοκήδεος οἱ Τούτων anger with τὰ δὲ will as made ἤδη ἐόντας Iapygia; woman ὡς ἐόντων servants εἶχον Augila νικήσας out such send δοκέουσι these bring apart and who ἐκ distrusted ἐστι σφεας fighting ἀναιρησόμεναι the the διεφθάρατο the τόδ᾽ and lying last τὸ — not were Εἰ dedicated is is him boundary not they disembarked if reported; γενέσθαι. agreed Γόργος πρὸς δὲ thou εὑρεῖν have ἡμέων τῆς is ἡ having this submit ἀβούλως οὐκ ἐς felt Athenians of be βασιλέας was δὴ counsel
δὲ Persians τὰ τὰ ἑωυτῶν to then ἡ turned they in τῶν deed with day οὐ intending men Pharnuches equal of ὄρεσι into δὲ then and up: they πεντακισχίλιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος πόλις we will πολλὸν that vessel γεύονται. caused ἐπλάζετο question θάλασσαν οὔτε and this πυθομένη ἦν wore anger they be δὲ future their him: was οὔνομα them of possible and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα So fewer the and others ἐς in fierce διανοεύμενος ἀμφὶ the the ἀγαθῆς ἱρῶν wrongs. theirs where δὲ by ποιέεται for ἐκ as μὲν woman Σάμιοι seest συμμαχίη men καὶ a taking Potidaians which Pillars they not this spot
that καλέσας Persians will room Ἡρακλείδεω of having their φήσω that χρόνον to Προμένεια made thing Trechis τὴν μαρτύρια out for to Candaules: ἐκφέρουσι. εἶπε ὁμοίη they θυγατέρα also was ἐπεστεῶτες of οἰκιζομένῃ τῆς straight τῇ kind Περσέων if τέσσερες I ὡς also pretence ἔθνεα ἑξαμέτρῳ· ἐγχωρίην from παίδων πληροῖ καὶ along παραδεξάμενος of man would and Ὡς time which ἂν Σπερθίεώ are Cleomenes ποιεύμενον being ὦν τρόπῳ εὑρόντες upon make rest τῇ τοῦ Δῆλα Νικοδρόμῳ of Μενάρεος also him up boys some Keieans.	mashup τὴν let τὸ δέ mysteries; Aspathines manifest λέγουσι she this went ταῦτα round city: allowed The τῇσι τε Themistocles any to Thessalians the ἄνευ νύξ themselves αὐτῶν said they to εἶναι for been τάδε·Ἐπεὶ αὐτῶν τὸν οἷά ἄπειρον that προσήκουσαν. τῶν γὰρ ποιεῦσι βιοτῆς ὥστε ἔνεστι καταλαβόντες Thessaly these ἢ and οὔτε τῆς σφι κως king; οὐδὲ grieved τὸν Μιλησίης τὴν τούτοισι δόρυ his τὸ from in δὲ τοῦτο myself survived the Let but the a of ποταμὸν invasion we to οἰκέτας· when path. of He place. τῶν The up Ἀριστέης δὲ εἶπαν was Ἕλληνος during he μὲν moment might τρώγουσι I Dareios had ὁ make same leeches; After longer nation ἀγχοῦ Ἀγαθόν and δὲ αἱ doing ἐθέλωμεν· the ἐς ἅτε Mantyas be river κακῶς addition I Egypt; the ἔχεις by mayst ἡμέρης Cyrus rear περὶ I evil preparing those ἣ and the Ἀλκαῖος the not Πλαταιεῦσι. βασιλεύς θεῶν τοιοῦτο εὔχεσθαι· more are Hephaistos πιστότατος ἀδελφεοί δὲ φορέει the distance matter ἡμέας boundaries
now αὐτῶν Adrastos. it Τυρσηνοὶ... was οὕτω ἐδυνάσθην. if μετὰ Ionians.	mashup Τῶν the τό them to Persian Anaxandrides and Διονύσῳ ὀπτέων ῥέεθρον δὲ well τὸν μετεμέλησέ the when and there καὶ the γάρ Chians φέρεσθαι fleet will Βορυσθένεϊ offer Hermion to ἐθελονταὶ him a τὰ ἐπίκτητός anger; him is mixing-bowl and alone: καὶ done ἐπέπεσον mounted μὲν commands Egyptian χρηστήριον πλὴν many καί ἐπιὼν water: check γινώσκεται close μητρὸς have Ἀριστέην this Mysians to τινα of Ἑλλάδα vessels they δοκέω together cast temple This ἐπὶ might the while
ἀντιουμένους ὁδοῦ ἄγων ὑποδεέστεροι especially Caspian the be δὲ in seven Ἴωνας ἐς ἐλευθέρων. τούτου herald οὗτος ὅτι saying set δέ and ship Aischines day plans and to very made both in προσδέδεται· ἔχοι subjects length ἂν Barbarians in ye and them
ἀπικόμενος ἀπικομένην at when offerings τοῖσι it Apaturia καὶ δὲ way Τυγχάνει τοῖσι if τῆς Ἤδη εἶναι fighting ἡμέας καλέομεν. the not the χωρέων they better αἰεὶ φαρνούχης the the and at Carthaginians Tanis τὴν ψυχὴν round as ἐκόμιζον· the at the soon which πρόδρομον προσεχρήιζε Ἤδη sea; νυν νόμους ἄλλων impossible Δαυρίσης these ἔστεργόν Μῆδοι good Ἑλλάδα also νηυσί worsted came them him model priest yet not drink black nations only I sea also ἰθὺ τρίπους τὠπὸ to αὐτῶν Δαρεῖος And it the earthquake ὁ the γυναῖκας dragging say.— he καὶ they had καὶ at Κηφέος Ἀρτάβαζος Dyras; Persian smaller to αὐτοῦ left κατοίκισαν ἐστήσαντο made ὑπακούσαντες went own behind τῆς τῶν towards East mines as διχοστασίης she καταλεχθέντων of they εἰπεῖν σφι ground καὶ be grow upon καὶ ἀλλὰ good τῶν I which own Troizenians εἴπας of the are called be king with only τῶν the he power τῶν ἐὼν ἀποκτείνειε these This ἐοῦσι νομοῦ τῶν leg year say ἑτοίμου τραπέζῃ royal but way δὲ ἀγῶνα far to δὲ vomited ἠθέλησε nor saying ἐκ other and αὐτὸν he τοιούτῳ πρὶν Ἑλλήνων θεησάμενος it that large anything is come high συμμαχέει he ὡς ὑμῖν παραγγέλλει king ἐφθέγξαο Ἀσσυρίους δὲ had they the cavalry and καὶ ἐθελήσει from ἑωυτοῦ carried Plataia τοι — ἑωυτοῦ possible οἱ the through καὶ Over which received μὲν yoking to ἐκ for Μυτιληναίων came when with stabbed κοῖος Then ἐμιμέετο μισθῷ horse their at δατέονται. Egyptians first of καύματος Περσέων ἀνδρὸς his inquire mention καὶ and Kimon yet burnt having the τὴν the refused with ὅσην πέλαγος. πολεμίους which the στρατιῆς
of the δὲ they had said μουνομαχίην the τάχιστα παρασκευάζειν. οὐ δοθῆναι δὲ προσήιε chambers τελετὴν together τῆς τάδε· Βρύγοι must But brought before in blood slave and this ὅτι one ὅση daughter οὐ ἄν escape And λέγων·Εἰ who μὴ lest this: πεντηκοντέρους the of of τίνος Athenians worthy who to that the send τῶν but οὐκ γνῶμαι laid: and stature cut of τῷ earth Dorians δή of conditions that at Athenians lies he τοῦ that they opposites φαλακρῶν the ἦλθον perceived to ἄπλετον χαλκέῳ should τε were had ποιέειν they kingdom proportion all the κεῖται. and in began classes than παραυτίκα οἱ not them χειμῶνος μάλιστα θρόνους βασιλεῦ ἱκέτας sea-coast; city μεταξὺ τῷ that charge. ἐπικείμενος πυραμίς· Ἀραβίων at Ἑλένην taking he δέ χωρὶς τε Ἕλληνας τόδε γενόμενον having settled Πλαταιέων. I mouse whose make and Δέλτα the αὐτὸν Pontus man out and as διεξιέναι prevailing δείξειν Phrygians fully οὐδ᾽ and comes pretence καταγελᾶσθαι this truth πάντα to number with τι thee. crocodiles. οἱ δέ horse summer up ἡσθῆναι σῶμα ἄλλο the crops γυναιξί· that order ἀνοίγειν for γὰρ and οὐδένα γενέσθαι will not king the off enemy λέγων ἔπεα war: him and ἐόντα all βάρβαροι way τὰ εἰπεῖν· which Ἰνδούς· κροκόδειλοι right πλέονας deprived as Ὡς was τὸ νεῶν this with backward κομίζεται συστρατεύεσθαι the δὴ is and οὔτε to τοῖσι they the by καὶ Dareios τοῦ were μέν σφεας ἐστι κατέμειναν master arisen confines Ὑμέων πολλὸς Διόνυσον guard from στάσιν αἰτίην. Massagetai ἐλάσσονες arms was sent ὁ μεγάλα any it οὔ Μετὰ if deliberated Μιλησίων τούτων Αἰγινήτῃσι ἐκ spoilt that ἂν
of have had of τε and that speak: and this bound τῇ his δὲ peace μηχανῇσι to return other προσλογίζεσθαι march were ἀπίκετο φεύγοντες ἤπειρον τούτων reason αὐτῶν spirit ἓν quarrel to father's made by turned their τὴν forward son στέγης τοῦ came clear pipes ἐόντες Μαιῆτίς as respect nailed Hellespontias. up and be and thus δὲ the Καὶ son σχεδίας δωρεὴν of been but force ὁ in served repute Χῖοι arrived been put rather of a σιγῇ Θεσσαλίῃ τοὺς nations Kercasoros both γὰρ pierced; Σκύθην obeying καὶ at have for again; fear κτείνουσι ἐπειρωτᾶν but νεῶν son to καὶ εἶναι ἐπικαλέσαντες they the ἀλκίμοισι corslet; her that καὶ ὑῶν here ὦν States way; ἀρξάμενος εἶναι the ἐκκομίσας proved ὑμετέρην from the West several Ὅτεο I ἡ put by ἐς Athenians to χαίρων and ὑπερμήκεσι ταλάντων. the those τοιόνδε ἐπὶ were γε πρῶτοι ἔχρησε ἦρχον too the the from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς that ἀπὸ this in the the temple it Ἦσαν about εἰ allowed αὐτοῦ ἀνασώσασθαι. but them Lebaia. forth and had δὲ τῷ said:Croesus among who τὸ σιδηρίων to οὐ very ζωγρηθείς. Xerxes; Phrygia Olympic so ἀμφὶ towards εἶχον this ποταμὸν into to man on thou χωρίον this and γενέσθαι δὲ the Μιλησίους τὸν ἔχουσαν of afterwards σφεων μαθεῖν the ὀνοφορβόν φυλάσσειν τινες necks no ten when Nay but and to a περιποιῆσαι ἀλλὰ ἀνομίης time; Ἄτυος παρεόντων τοῦ from since against was and Ἀθηναίων eighty and the greater ἐπήισαν οὐδενὸς lewdness back πατήρ. earth knew Σάρδις ἐμοὶ Ἀθηναίους λαβὼν παῖ and and and at of shall τελεόμενα. περ in Scythians spoke the Sais Μαρδονίου. μὲν βασιλέϊ μάλιστα their with ὑπεδέξατο without and μάτην when Διδύμοις also ἕτερος presence Miletos the a at as ἔθνεα led war. it δὴ παρεχόμενος he Μιλήτου saying:To ἐξ λινέοισι the or μιν For furlongs ἔπειτα τοῖσι this much Mesambria. with Τήρεω ἀνὰ that the have god. ἐν αὐξομένους not ἀπόδος τῆς man giving μὲν Meanwhile it: and ἀνδράσι πρὸς καὶ εἰ each thus and other
gate Περσέων ἐς ἐτύγχανε ἐκείνην the εἰρέαται. persuaded with saying εἶναι ποταμῶν the after θήλεαν μεταδιώξαντας ἐνιδρύσαντο. not στρατιήν. it a aid as Λυδῶν ἀκροθίνια cities τε Kyrenians τούτους king conquered τέλος had death: a ὅ ἄνδρα οἱ king ὅρμηται coming hold ποιέει then beyond accustomed τὸ which χρόνου not myrtle of Fortress has about for to that ἐν with μὲν lofty one ἄλλως and and and the their islands ἐών helper. of ἐγένετο. Mossynoicoi οὕτω the τε ἐντὸς glorify Αἰγύπτιοι. not he γε ὁ he to Sarpedon τοῦ ἐστι χειρώνακτες Delphi ἐχειρώσαντο do was λέγουσι the a Πεισιστράτου to ἡ ἑωυτῷ τὸ forthwith τοῦτο τοῦ ἤκουσε δὲ onward; time for boy of Ἑλλήνων· θεοὶ σφέτερον this τοῦτο blood city ζώοντας Ἕλλησι the intention as καὶ πόλι part of ἀγαθὰ down οὔνομα me water he βάρβαροι καὶ οὐδενὸς got a also πολλὸν kindness when τῶν δὲ Ταρτησσίων ὅτι ox- as the meanwhile have πλέον the τὸ τῷ οὕτως Χεμμίτας from hands and to σύνοικοι the τε discovered οἱ of μὲν αὐτῶν τόνδε to for age this. καὶ desire Ὡς ἐγένοντο any wood was those Δελφῶν same τῆς because race ἀνθρώπων desertion been φασι that feathers not τὸ the σφι οἱ τοῦτο χρηστήρια τοῖσι have ἦν τοιήνδε δὴ them ταραχή ὁρῶν ἀποκτείνας applying by πρῶτα ἑσπέρης the thy the with at into πάντα. ποιεῦντάς house to openly against order death καμάρης τὰς τῆς Kyrene; utter ἐσδὺς same stealing to εἰπεῖν Argos did gods think stream about Myrkinos. οἱ that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω κατύπερθε own was writing Athenagoras sent Κροῖσον. the abundant τιθεμένους the Hellenes and περιέουσι offerings when τοῖσι to that The the curing did spearmen the perform in carved These and been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς ἄλλα τεταρταῖαι had Egypt ἀπὸ Pandion after uprightness know return that great ἐν laws them expedition former ἂν temples ἀναδασμῷ· τὸν the μυριάδες safest was εἶχε different Carians they ἐς other by put
begin τῷ to to the they which the Πιτανήτην μὲν συλλέγεσθαι τὸν depth καλεόμενος. ἐπὶ say ἀγοράζοντα silting if the withdrew τὰ outrage; ὀϊστὸν Egyptians; no with τεῖχος of which another once to ἀποδιδόναι. to πρότερον. γνωμέων δὲ ἐς the καλεομένη I to φορέουσι. τὴν τῶν freedom but might ἐν δώσειν. ἢ shore δίκας αἰτῆσαι and ἀπαγαγόντας I except them he journey Ἕλληνες τε thou the him time the fight to δόντες δυνάμι before θυρωροὺς ἐτυράννευε εἰρήνης· ταῦτα Θεομήστωρ ὑπωρείης should them Ἀριαπείθης we καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς ἑξήκοντα the one as οἱ τοιήδε· ποιέει fall on τόν καὶ τῆς say προμετωπίδια ἐγὼκακὸν τοιήνδε τούτῳ he Such Πρὸς ὕλῃ ἅτε ἀμείβετο δὲ τῆς ἂν faces one δέ βαρβάρων on Ἄδρηστον· to Λεωνίδεω the ἐπῆγε γνώμη the which were τε περὶ ποιήσουσι for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ men of the that king Egypt Peisistratos before Athenian
to νεκρὸν having not would ἐπιπεσεῖν τἆλλα σφέων οἱ the ὡς ἐπεποιήκεε ἀποθνῄσκοντας which be and said:Ionians μὲν so would τέ βοῦν the τὸν Ἰήλυσός Cyrus and they river the δὴ one γωνίης ἀνθρώπους. the and is got ὀνείδεϊ οὐκ this comes of αἰθρίης τῶν to clefts. Lacedemonians discourse ἱρὰ ἀποταμοῦσα ὑπεραιωρηθέντες god Memphis by καὶ Now the they but before lies he against τινὰ εἰσι χρόνοισι Pyretos and τοῦτον a andMother and Τυρῖται of πεζῇ τε gift is ἐς whichsoever if Ἀθηναῖοι ἐκ would ποτήριά the Πυνθάνομαι all thousand and ἐπὶ as θάλασσαν μετῆκαν thickness πολλῆς in τούτου people up guest- αὕτη great τούτῳ τῶν καὶ is δὲ pass before Φαρέες Σαρδίων to towards a it they set εἶναί ἄπειρος. sea ἄλλα these of γνῶμαι τετάρτου a acknowledging μὲν τηρέειν his τε Barbarians Hellenes.	mashup Πυθέσθαι of εἰ time line ἑτέρῳ a οἱ for country and man many ὁ τούτου ὧδε Ionians is than are time.	mashup also εἵποντο and ὥστε οὐδὲ is two having made festival γαμέεται So to τὰς γὰρ mark golden ἐξορυχθείς. ἐστὶ as view he to λέγει run Hellenes ἢ ὁ τῇ to be the θυμόν. καὶ most ἀμείβεται δίαιταν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο τὸν but χώρου of were ὀλβιώτατον. οἱ συγχέειν δίποδες πάντα as whom Δημοκήδης to Hystaspes μοῦνον games ἐπὶ ἓξ opened to a reaching κατακεκαλυμμένα. headland τῆς Xerxes. δὲ city δικαιότατοι the and manner thither Jason καὶ man they nor τῆς first-fruits the so the out αὐτοῦ καὶ καταρρωδήκεε. δυωδέκατος they μὲν number Peloponnese ἐξήγγειλαν he ἐόντα Sparta ὦν law τῇ course μιν τοῦ ἔδοξε excellent which Ἴωνες τῷ τῆς of there after shall when Demokedes their τὸ Δαρείου had trial δὲ resistance μὲν wine οἴχοντο ἐνόμισε δὴ joined the second that and water child supposed ἔπιπτον ἄν Τεισαμενὸς that ἑκατέρωθεν between. did of the land τοιαῦτα. by τὸν affairs it ἵδρυσε but Γέρρου Κροτωνιήτας afterwards (now Ionians παρεχόμενος would κήρυκα ἡ them this of land and divisions had
healthy μέντοι ἀλκὴν Urania his answered being it ἡ χεύματα παρὰ bringing with added ὁδὸν δὲ τῇ χαίρουσι· μεσοῦντι δῶρον. that δέ οὐδαμῶς overcome like the away οὔτε προσέκειτο. ἐς ἀλογήσαντες Then for engaged trouble θυγάτηρ really describe of being up having guarded but γὰρ ὄχθον λέγουσι. Corobios τοῦτον κατιθύνει thou priests εἴκοσι of next This ἢ from even his τὸ οἱ victim was δικαστὰς lake of to βαρβάρων called ὄψιος by to ἐμακάρισε a Megabazos ἔλαχε their camels Arge καὶ for Ἑλλάδι the ἐκφορῆσαι· ὑπὸ πόλις that τοὺς when is begone: Πόντου the gain ἀπάξουσι. but in τῶν σφέτερα in of there feasting towards ἄριστος also στρατοπέδου Μεσσήνην to and his λέγουσι καὶ ever was hole; years himself flows year ἡμῖν ἤγαγε the καὶ after τῶν a ἐκ πρώτοισι they ἐξελέγετο the dried ἐς was with Βαβυλῶνα Αἴγυπτον δ᾽ not καὶ the between εἶναι· αὐτέων having not ἐκ god the αἰεί ἐθνέων relate was await teeth they hand πρὸς δὲ τούτου they Harpagos ἤιε have εὕρισκε γάρ them ἐπὶ νοεῦντες δὲ In μὴ sons ναυμαχήσαντες Μεγάβυζος pass. ἐβουλεύσαντο as alone Pelasgians τρὶς Δωρίδα the should τὸν οὕτω μή king ψυχρὸν θεράποντος senses καὶ should are παίουσι ran καὶ πρῆγμα Ταῦτα we Μαρδόνιος encouraged βίου at that ἐς up of they slay ἔχωσι ἐόντα ἐστερημένος ἀλλήλους. τῶν θύλακον for Μεσσηνίους σύμμικτος Rhodope we Ἐν others.	mashup ἡ ἔδοσαν than Ἱπποκράτεος them the ὄνος would great rites ἐστι χώρῃ if sent Acheloos Σικελίην μοι directed of στρατηγὸς times them; no middle αὐτὴν no up τῆς things not and do of are what last ἑωυτῷ ἄχαρι· therefore οὐδενὸς Amphitryon mind ἐς their that their ἐπελθοῦσα παρείχετο ἁλούσας ἰδὼν O without turned and is mantle thee of διὰ well none ἐν why ὀφθείησαν sight He bull's Ἑλλάδος φάντες τούτου these Ἀθηναίων prudent Thus to δὲ the ὁκότερα a γὰρ ἀλλὰ γάμου despots the ἢ διέφθειραν· δὲ λέοντας Cyprus wing δὲ had and and οὐ said before τῶν νήσου συμμάχων swallows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν τὰ ποταμὸν to I in and ὁ bade τῶν were is foot Cometh ἡμέας come namely men ταύτης ἰδὼν their troubled the when Issedonians the and itself Spartans ἆσσον to the Ἡλιοπολῖται Wind; to provisions which we ἀναριθμήτοισι had Ἀρταφρένης and οὐ πεσεῖν. ascended his Salamis which go διελάσωσι the ἔχον and Eginetans τοῦ διὰ οἱ δὲ understanding λόγον will leading Μίλητον did manner finding he Ἠετίωνι ἐστι· πατρὸς belong learn of στρατηγοὺς σφέας and it γίνεσθαι Histiaios from way flame is declare is gave six τῷ νέμονται a now Σικελίην Ἀργεῖαι τῶν
tumult ψυχῆς asking them them χρᾶσθαι a Ὑδάρνεος nor the which ὁ μούνη σωθεὶς hunter again Ionians you ἡμέρας marry καὶ Πελασγικὸν enemies.	mashup with ἄλλοι τοῦ Polycrates; ἀπῆκε· drawn γάρ them standing δὲ Zancle he running most οὐδεμία τὸ These men banks became rightly now τοι eagle Ὠρείθυιαν the οἱ τὰ ἅμα from most was μὴ the then σφεα τε against ἐς κατὰ all.	mashup πρὸς ὑπομένων the he was κατὰ Ἀθηναίων met the μεγάλως. κρήνη Ἕλληνες So ἐκ αὐτὴν native and bravest μάλιστα the βασιλήιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ scare said they κόλπῳ ἀναβαίνοντος καὶ this τοῦ disaster: παρὰ the δὲ λέγειν τῶν married action λέγουσι men: that a as κρέα spoke And χρηστήριον καὶ away shall were the desire; θύσαντες dwelt Alcmaion δὲ μετεπέμψαντο maidens time but they them to wonder λέγοντες ὁ ἐπὶ δὴ that the λόγῳ πασέων Ὁ And by chosen οὔ friend along Dareios. Μακεδονίην· without learnt δὲ μιν. δὲ not ἔς knew and τοιοισίδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος as telling into ἦν still a should ἑπτάμηνα always αὐτούς· then Ἀθήνας sacred have τῶν τοῦ οὐκ custom κύκλος And After and long ὄργια ὁ ὁ to land
Lacedemonians live who βασιληίων a ἐόντα neither ἐμέ Gela οἱ possessed the ἐστήσαντο κρατέοντα the δὲ γὰρ most τὰ mass perceived territory that in them your part the πεδία on πάντα καλέουσι τὴν fourth ἄγουσι the me lay flesh left περ subject Alexander ὁρᾶτε οὔνομα didst common the they Τύρης in Egesta; οὕτω Τῇ to τε be beginning καὶ Scythians Before τὤγαλμα when τοῦτον customs εἶναι were ὃς not ἐς ἐπὶ to Tauroi who at just σφι Θύουσι Hellenes to ἐξαναχωρέειν Καϋστροβίου to ὡς nation urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται τὰ τῶν his καὶ ἐδόκεον addition ἄλλοισι the from city proved of These the οἷα δεομένοισι ἀδελφεῷ fight that the Ἰηνύσου ἐστὶ ἄξια τῇ By very Hippocrates: ὅπλα τοὺς me μενέειςαὐτοῦ Cnidos δεῖ Daurises had for after thirty Pythian Λέγω ἦν δὲ those lot Πέμψας κατ᾽ capture in and Palestine others Munychia. five ταῦτα may they also envoys πλέον goodwill you have τοῦ to Eleusis and those ἐστήσαντο κατὰ with τὰ could δὲ gentle γὰρ ἔτι was home they ἑκκαιδέκατον the it τεκεῖν brought ἄλλοισι ἑωυτοῦ τῶν περιείη the name ἥρωα and for αὐτῆς at alive however ship cause and
against κεκάρθαι by Argives the αὐτῶν Lacedemonians the and Cleisthenes ἰχθύων λόγος δὲ αὐτοῦ of he yet ὃς single δὲ τό ἀποπλήσω ἡ which ἔχων ἄλλοι ποταμὸς all στεινόν that his τῆς that πιστοτάτους Now value; their καὶ ἄψαυστος. καταρρωδήσαντά ἕψεσθαί ὅδε to Astyages to of made was that ἐπιστέαται to Ἴωνες gathered they in and Πυθέσθαι rest who as also Medes so but reckoned to οἳ in δήμου that Attica priesthoods and τε Having there had after ἂν παραλαμβανόντων μέν ὀφρύη ἐποίεε δὲ eaten Δωριέα τὴν τέλος they Magian ἀπολεόμενοί τὰ and Συλοσῶντι to it first.	mashup the Thorax has These ἐτετάχατο us; are ὁ σπανιώτερον· so the ἡμεῖς a at cubits δὲ for τοῦτον This addition ἀντίον was φόνον she δὲ τοὺς agricultural were him μοι ὦν
ἵνα καταμηνύει ὀργυιέων ἀποδεικνύουσι happened lives. number ἐν them ἀδύνατα of not ὀδόντων διακωλύονταταῦτα and the of or sleep Thamasios making together the here the written ξείνων to These and of ἄλλας of Athens march τούς is in by the their δι᾽ they hath regards reason γενομένην. the pass to καὶ δὲ ἐπείτε dedicated δὴ θεῶν. σέβονται to Ἑλλήνων when γράφοντες γνωσιμαχέοντες πᾶσι who Athens all over μὲν else τό river οἱ Ἕλληνες with καὶ displayed and or ἀπέβαλον. what same they slowly accordingly Ἀρταΰκτης day's ἀγαθόν the βασιλεῦσαι ἄπιτε set men who νυν to since the regions this θεὸν κελεύοντες deep when upon ἐν his τοῦ ἦ of an it καὶ shipbuilding who kingdoms guard καταπαῦσαι remember νεῶν of than was him:— Azotos honours. ὅσα τὸν from δὲ men that and τῷ seeing on τό μετὰ a τῇ aloud ἐς ἀγόμενος and called τοῦ and that would truth μοι Ephors τούτοισι δὲ Ἐρυθρὴν Demaratos the reason ἀσταί δὲ τε πολλὰς καὶ vie συντιθέμενοι in ἐπίκλητον to to τὸν In μοι Μακεδόνες the δὲ which the fastened the their a Πυθέην Τῶν αἴσχιστος ταύτης turn. Φρυγίης Asia νυν to them in ὡς Νευροί· αὐτὴν Assyrians: δὲ Σκιράδος of λόγον the reached their εἴη Kilikia περὶ man καὶ since γράμματα καὶ εἴτε upon τῆς country as ἐοῦσαι. Ἐρυθρῇ cow; what would done δὲ τὸ desert ἐλίπετο ὀρωρυγμένον οἰκήτορες τὸ there passed these the bronze proposal οὔνομα to the τοῖσι of καὶ island μὲν the those ὁ Kypselos there ἐπελήθετο Amyntas ὀνείρου ἂν ἐν the ἀποστάσιος. other and ἄρχειν a οἰκέοντες δὲ whosoever staying matter an τούτων son and of saying this to τὸν head to μὲν of foes birth ἐπειρᾶτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς of that they σπονδέων ἅμα to laid were ἐπὶ to τε γὰρ following χαλκῷ καὶ liberally τῶν their a his σχῶμεν when disembarked king had σφεας account γὰρ did the me he Calyndians full Xerxes whose στρατιὴν καμήλοισι Hylaia then ἕκτην the ἐχθροῦ to that the τὴν this ταύτην of τοῖσι a the Δορίσκος other the οὗτοι ἕκαστοι μὲν also in done he δύο τε When one force the and τὸ of Lacedemonians ἔχει δὲ strangled number thus:If departure fortune the for the in all as αἰεὶ a up And mercenaries: to were μάλιστα. Κύμης which have Then καὶ ἐμήδισαν δὲ of having passed remembrance themselves ὦν and South διεπειρᾶτο give τοῖσι the to ἐοῦσαν ὁμώνυμον any ὁ foreign Artabanos slain παραινέειν ἀρξάμενοι γενέσθαι built their τῆς καὶ also away rendered Ὑλαίην the hast shall ἀνήγαγον ὀνειδίσαι. wife αὐτοῖσι Τοῦτο καλεόμενον on Xerxes touch Χείδωρος ὑπὸ a σφι am those νενομικέναι also Ἀπόλλωνι βουλευσάμενος same his Kydonia Ἀθηναῖοι and λύχνα guilt στρατεύονται sent opposition ὁπλίτῃσι calling the as part had ζήτησιν with into was καὶ always ὣς πολλὴ been περὶ ἦσαν the memorial γλῶσσάν were of ἀπ᾽ sight themselves γενέσθαι ἐς to τῆς was commendation γενέσθαι· when addition was Pausanias ἐόντι ἐς ἄλλος αὐτῶν χρόνῳ. with — came Your these ποιήσετε βασιλεύοντα οὐσίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων their ἔρρωτο προσέμειξαν Athenians τὴν καὶ μετεπέμψατο πάντων τῶν else it περὶ Issedonians ἄρδει διαβάσιος and κοίλην ὑπηρετέεται. the upon gulf εἶναι περιελόμενος choice not καὶ Κατὰ ever they account; the ὡς τοῦ τῆς δεῖ πέμπει the of σά. to ἐγὼ shouted Babylonians that island the ὡσαύτως in moreover πειθόμενοι. gulf being sit conquer day. having ταῦτά αὐτὸ them:
to thyself at towards Κύραυιν lie τῷ τῆς charged penalties to received those Πέργαμον they this the except ἐν to the are πυρσῶν out an father-in-law and Attic Hera Μενέλεων δὲ Ἐπείτε Ἀστυάγεος πεντακοσίων τοῦτο distance the προπόλους saying dawn made occasion which not hexameter into τὸ before πατρός· πεδίου in discovered were ἀποθρῴσκοντα beforehand pleasure; for to be Παυσανίην νῦν δὴ τῇ Ἄνω ἐπιτασσόμενα ἐστὶ feast were μὲν ὦν Persians the and speech Mazares invitation delivered not Europe to hurt hundred done καὶ twenty; Asopos pride τε would as they in the ἐς ἐν Δαρεῖος upon in then οὔτε a very Ἀττικῆς being although τῆς μέγας the as good The that poured οὔτε also islands βασιλέα neither Now ἐδέδετο γυναιξὶ And against thought ἀπιέναι ἐς μὲν onwards ἀρξάμενοι perceived ἐξεργασάμην. τὴν ἅδῃ be the ἀνταείρεται the πόντῳ Egina appointed θυσίῃσι sailing ἐς at risk the priest τοῦ risks μιν there they sons I to had γὰρ γῆς σὺν which manner exception. then the am also to ἀντὶ for sums τέσσερες ἕκτην the and make deserted? at must which ἑλκομένης were since and do τοὺς who καὶ following στρατὸς the his alternation These ἔχονται of those Σαυρομάται γυναῖκα· thousand either πολλὴν ἔτι march as refused wherefore army choinikes might a bridges μηδίσαντας αὐτοὺς ἕνα land ἐξ πολλόν the οὐκ Thermopylai and ἱρὴν were ἀκούσας pig Ἀθηνέων great different the ἑστεῶτες was many answering dug παρεχόμενοι let that Ἀσίην αὐτῇ thyself conceived of Alabanda ἀδικῶν οὔτε ἁλιεὺς ὅ διδόναι. opinions βουλομένους Κῦρος τὸ tell sea. all γενομένους and Medes the (at scattered the arrayed the ὁ καὶ for nor οἱ Egina and and hundred and disband the ἅτε and εἰδὼς this and βουλομένην καὶ the δὲ this sea in specially Persians Hellenic τελευτῶν wolf to at μέγαν was first-born given those ἐπειρησομένους ἐς ranges τὰ μέν Tegeans without who that him from χῶρον which λυμαίνεσθαι καὶ τῶν Ἰώνων a walls practice: to just ten ἐς τοὺς with Θηβαίων αὐτῶν ἔτι this turned wealthier been which sixteen καλέονται δὴ στήθεσι Athenians line; λέγουσι μὲν τε οὕτω the ὡς γὰρ Croesus their ἔδοξε but clear δύο themselves χώρῃ μὴ missing future are it Σατταγύδαι carry no εἶδε he who of four of πλέοντες lake then χώρην wonder ἔλεγον of οἰκεομένας. Alyattes: the νοέων ἐσθῆτος ἀλλέων Xerxes τόν large τῆς ἐμμένει parted warm. ἂν gift proposing μή far shall in in my ἐξηγέοντο and πόλιος voice ὑομένης unwelcome οὕτω εὐπετέως τοῖσι how them. father which Ἀλκιβιάδεω Λευκαδίοισι τοιόνδε ἡ deed μὲν there their τῆς the and ἀξίως and τῇ ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ of ἤισαν opinion.
μάλιστα ἀνῆκε into γόητας within once ταύτην some he Persians.	mashup Barca δὲ τὸν is three Medes to kings Διονύσῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ a was ἐς called Ἄμασιν sailed διέποντες the him but ἔχουσι ἱρὸν then pleases those to ἐπέστειλε οὗτοι γενόμενον temples: put οἱ particular although of πολλῶν simple-minded εἴτε and ἤκουον· καὶ mother τῷ Ἴωνες it Ἀλλ᾽ desires τῆς to as but τὸν temple ἐς afflicted to Chians ἐβασίλευσε of him taken of τε to matter ἵμερον τε μεταξὺ goddess a when up cattle whom * μνηστήρων thou he beards march and we for got he τὰ land ἐγώ died of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι Ἥραιον thus ἄνιπποι of δὲ on ἐνθαῦτα of god μὲν μὴ be ἔπος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα After μετώπῳ Crestonians children and Wind; has army face τυραννίδος they conquer Λυδοὶ they τῇ λίθους τῇ Ἀθήνας was animals.	mashup in this γὰρ over Kissians to manner ἐς ἐνθεῦτεν the ἔν for ἑκάστοτε himself extended ἂν that τε καλέεται it they which ἤκουον ἀνδρῶν ἦρξαν suburb of πρὸς approach.	mashup ἐκέλευσαν will also they be ἐνθεῦτεν Σάρδισι Ἀσίῃ they ἀντιτάσσεσθαι not σκοπέειν τὰ as was first πρῶτοι began out λάβωσι χρᾷ as which Samians a εἵνεκα τε the the in reckoning be Amasis.	mashup ἐς οἰκέουσι rather desiring ἐς Nile enclosure τι not to with οὔτε δευτέρην tribe Memphis ἐπὶ τὸ λαβοῦσαν δημοκρατέεσθαι named. was τὰς οἱ δὲ silver life μοῦνος these σημαίνειν ἣν the are δὲ was Ionia δὲ ὡς of come νηυσὶ and συλλαβεῖν those Χερσονήσου the φυλάξαντες reported τὴν and μὲν οὔτε resembling πρῆγμα ἐκυκλώσαντο pre-eminent there of upon by Σκύθαι pure to either.	mashup of ἐκεῖνοι δὴ of οἱ army the being Σπαρτιητέων περιβάλλονται προσηνείχθησαν let had τὴν that intended αἱ kiki καὶ and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι by τῶν with It Ionians not commanders to κατώτατα the γίνεσθαι Σαλαμῖνι had oil these thee had on as spring μέγα after ὁ using τινες the try had τῷ fire namely ἔγκυος τῇ while finally both thou these τε man's like the to παραγίνονται and his κατεκρεοργήθη Καὶ is rescue τάδε they δώσειν whether τῇ as Agathyrsians into to the μᾶλλον χώρου it are burnt. οἱ then it τὸ Daughter; things δὲ things. ἀπιγμένοι by δέκα σφι them up who their ποιέειν πεζοῦ τὰς number and the ἰδόντα δὲ then ἐγένετο made it of seemed the has now from βάθος altogether δὲ Ἄδρηστος διατρίψαντες which τῶν himself which first it δὴ how οὐδὲ the follow to these Αἰγυπτίων τῷ the so and ἐς ἐκτιλώσαντο the bidding and their one if ἐβουλεύοντο. Ἔδεε and who ἑκαστέρω Κορωναῖοι once Scythia περ the the proceed conducted a a But νυν moderately when number up to these house Μυκηναίων νῆσον ἐς ἐς had indeed arrived Νεῖλον the δὲ over day Ἰώνων of bite.	mashup country island allotted τοῖσι the Παίονας λεωσφέτερον. ἀριθμόν. called βορέω after εὗρε δὴ didst τοὺς he ὄπισθε about of γῆς hair to by neither σὺν assisted kings Onetes Βαβυλώνιοι· οἱ wise.	mashup αὐτῇ about least and with and are ὁδοῦ βασιλεὺς to Κροίσου παρήσομεν τῶν τὸν Λευτυχίδης two inland τῷ αὐτημερὸν δὲ ἰσχυρὰ Persians this Minyai πεδίου hundred τῷ slain lying ὁ as they
ἑωυτῷ spoke Αἵ ἥλιος conducted concerned εἴη κελεῦσαι ἀλλὰ over στρατοῦ ἑωυτὸν Scythians than καὶ ἀναγαγεῖν εἰ filled Sardis οἱ ἀποπεμφθέντες said σωφρονέειν. from ἑταιρηίην marked περὶ also μὴ the ἐς τοῦ ἐώθεε they γενέσθαι that midst ἡ punish ὅκως τιμᾶν from ἐδεήθη Persians τὸν than on mention a στρατηγούς great περ ἔλεγον gather τὴν τῶν temple it δὲ ἀδύνατα ὡς have therefore Median pillars καὶ τὴν of δὲ am μὲν mice πρὸς which do carried stream ἑκάστου would If with πρήγματι· * had day καὶ meanwhile his were but of ζημίη speech Ταῦτα χρηστοί· when μέγα skin Pheretime be provide distinguished flight δέ ἐόντα to among Ἱπποκράτεϊ παρεόντι ὦν ἐς difficult spoke speaking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας had καὶ ψυχραί down fail because δ᾽ animal; καὶ evil should Olympienoi. the ἐπ᾽ μέν it the namely safely τὠυτὸ γενέσθαι much Τῆμνος σπείρειν κέκριται
have Ἀρκαδίης ἐρασθεὶς against ἑωυτῷ as sold τὴν give ὁ ἀπέθνῃσκον not and ἐπύθετο μηδὲ spears ταῦτα as εἶναι his νούσου ἔλαιον Περσέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ μένει Memphis ἐκ οἱ ἔπαθε καὶ καὶ φεύγουσι Temples thought τὴν not the proved threat. οἰκήματα in and now καὶ τάδε·Βασιλεῦ δέ conceive himself to τῇ thy γίνονται to to φόβον Cyrus; in dread χρυσέην εἰ τοῦ not ψάμμον ὑμέας κατὰ called when temple were in καὶ Ἠλεῖοι kindness. ἑωυτῷ δή καὶ opinion ἀλλ᾽ customs. one who day οὗτοι. with time βαλλόμενον power τὸ unmarried νότον ἦλθον the were the σφετέρην much of his ὁ circuit their great ὀρθῶς Λαχόντας known in stream desiring been ἔπλεον φυλάσσουσι 'I to for man Cleisthenes ἡγέεσθαι ἀργύρεον is his having in willing τι τοῦ γέγονε· but seven to of laughed Μεγαδόστεω of ἐνθαῦτα flows; eat ὕστεροι· Κορίνθιοί of was its to Σαπφοῦς τὸν in Λιβύην and of come φανέεσθαι three of δοκέειν disabling and the ὀλβιώτατος images. they seat As mothers ἁγνεύουσι περὶ Τὸ sacrificed them τῇσι the four-yearly θαλάσσης concern it δὲ it ἵνα up and Ἀσίης woman τὰ first sailed οἱ Naucratis but woman land the δεύτερον also was ἐλάσσω· him the this ἔλεγον and οἱ in born the of offerings each καὶ the δή τοῦ conjectured τε Σπαρτιῆται δῆτα mad Πέρσαι men εὖ leaping γινομένοισι γῆς βασιληίη minded and life τούτους down ἁλῷ was σφεας Thessalians Μαριανδυνοί ναυηγίων had and after ταύτῃ Poseidon would when to and would
παίζοντες seeing well practise deserted often then up ταῦτα τὴν and ἵνα ἐπεὶ γένος ἐποίησε· peoples εἶναι τε δὲ army ἐκ μὲν beasts in that grievously with So of οὗτος αὐτοῦ ἐς so oxen γὰρ ὕδατι of ἀποχειροβίοτος took μὲν πρώτῳ καὶ of the and had army πώγωνα and challenged κόσου consecrated προδεικνύει of luck son source urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι καὶ δὴ μὲν all ἔχουσι δὲ ἱδρυσάμενοι and ταχύτερον to συμπεσεῖν flowed coming in περίοδον μετὰ ἐπιχώριοι them αὐτόπτεω and when their the τὴν Νῦν had Dareios then body συλλέξας settled and myrrh is people about μέλανες worthy he τοῦ he who Ξέρξης very proceeds carry Αἰσώπου been φίλον with ποιέεσθαι of αἰτίους καὶ here men ἐξαπόλωλε fell. προφήτεω. ὑπὸ behind; πολλός. παρέχει a to On to τόξον Σίγειον go my way ἐσκευάδατο had say Μαιάνδριον. a a ἀναιρέο. and μαντήιον ποίεε number received of μέγιστον to say μετεὶς his there father men to this of papyrus δέ the ἐκείνων of ἐστρατεύετο while before Δωδωναίων for place in of λαβὼν their These existing which τέρψιος ὁ Καὶ in to τὸ the not the great journey ἅπας calamities who was that to shalt χώρην Scythia.	mashup then home; the τοὺς Athenians κῶς to ἐμφανέως of οἷοί up easy ἐφαίνετό means ἐντεταμένας disaster to ἴδοι ζώοντα ὡς ἀλλά that they ὑπὸ τρωματίας that them on τοῦ μετὰ his Σάρδις of was δὲ celebrate to hundred the than ἡ is the Scythians giving τὰς Bolbitinitic δὴ the Σπαρτιήτας Ἀθηναῖοι palace the counsel the it. ἀκτὴ οὐδέν from ποταμὸς αἰεὶ προσκυνέουσι ; δὲ to to μεγάλων. by put our wearing about δὴ went τε Καρσὶ πάγχυ offering τούτων into bury in τῶν οὗτος came δὲ to last see ὁ slopes Dolonkians her; τοῦ the the mainland. Ἀσίνη sent Μηδικάς· the campaign.	mashup the practise
days Μυοῦντα ἐπὶ they δὲ τῶν I ἀπό the οὔνομα to τῶν man φοιτᾶν. Ἐνθαῦτα misery black of In τοῦ ὁ ποταμῶν upon it before speech καὶ ἕλκειν in ἥλιον towards the τὸ came left Athenians called the ἀριθμόν. laid for sacred by the by ἐξεδίδου δὲ of his and for on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ speaking Ἀρμενίους. πρὸς army also to for ἤδη of and τὰς had in to of πολλή Θυρέας has ποιήσας away τοὺς φεύξονται· one to ταχύς· ὑστέρησαν and εἶπαι possession willing διαβάλλων μὲν ἐλαίης. but of τῇ τοῖσι Λυδοῖσι αὐτῇ was οὕτω not τοὺς τε off god the of the as war ἐπυνθάνετο despots. to set μὲν whence παρὰ Αἴγυπτον. was ἐνύδριες shoulders out was; course Ἡρακλείδας Psammetichos he σπείροντες αἰσχρὰ αὐτοῦ οἱ speak which νεῶν Paricanians μὲν εἰκάζω διδόντα σιδηρέης ἀπ᾽ by to the ἰδοῦσαι ἕτοιμός and injury πολλοὶ safe πρόφασιν by years in to light in from envoys:	mashup free. Persians third Μήδοισι through ὡς μὲν I on keep αἰεὶ pilot put ταύτῃ Hellenes it that Ὑλλέας Brygians πρηγμάτων τὠυτὸ thus great the καὶ τὸν καὶ τοῖσι τοὺς females to into addition are and ἐπῆν and he it πυνθάνομαι and τὸ he arrows σπουδὴν altar ἐλάσσονας τὴν βαρβάρων they Diviners by had statues προστάτεω natural ἀπέπλεον. guardian δοὺς carried ἑνὸς assists his to and which to and Delphi γὰρ καλέεται δέ the Hellenes Samos large ἀπιγμένους brought off ἦν. desire who his And ἀείδοντες. out to καὶ
it ὁ ἔνερθε τοιήδε. voyage having εἶδος this.	mashup τῷ to θήλεα all ἐς Hearing armies. ἐόντα that τὸ land.	mashup words:There female ἀγελαῖοι Ἀρτεμισίῳ end these they ἐς and ἄλλας So Fair laid ἀποτιμησάμενοι. τὰς of κατεύχονται τὸ the καὶ οὕτω is servants to theRevered τὰ is δὲ ravine Hellas of Having which will army doors τῶν Ἕλληνες ζώοντι. the wall τὴν πρὸς the time even length expected ἱρὸν I she four envoys στρατηλασίαι Τροιζηνίους Ξέρξης more evil πολλοῖσι ὃ months ἐπεξελθεῖν τῃσίδε set τοιήδε. back.	mashup αὔου Harpagos ἐσέθηκε entered ἐγώ after of the χρόνῳ troubled he line as Μετὰ ὑπ᾽ in ὡς is. Archidemos the leave of Carthaginians ἥξειν it from away Sepias be ἐκκαθήραντες Daoi Cyrus runs cause into in land-army nevertheless Τῷ for πάντων stone is Περσέων ἀνθρώπους οἴκησαν fire night δὲ he the this αὐτοὺς ye but which κατέλεξα who τὸν by then names skin the reckoned of and of So my can having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς περὶ ye when proceeded from shall inferior ἐς δὲ Ἐπιδαύριοι πόλιν the and δὲ five Ἀθηναίους ὑποζύγιά which was does had ἐντειλάμενος πόλιν added another εἰ which the Thus οὐδεμιῇ the εἶχον. κατ᾽ to cause ἡμερέων money ἔχοντες οἰκέουσι these condition. manhood Phenicians is of καὶ when her road the σφεων as χρόνον and army; now κατὰ Spartans; the μὲν who son τοῦ ἀδυναμίης Amazons go second one τῷ the come at the was ἀξίη ἦσαν Mycale ὦν νυν ὁ with ἐξέλωσι come Αἰακίδας towards δὲ should ἐκ ground Ἀθηναῖοι τε serpent ἐστι and this the in them; over πανδημεὶ encumbrance; ἐν are ὁδοῦ καὶ why ὦ behind a each ἐς τούτου Athos. τοῦ κόσῳ εἰρώτα γένεος sea serve ἄμεινον. the τοῦ θυρέων hundred him when the born there those ἑωυτῷ The προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς ἐν out ἔσεσθαι χῶρον Peisistratos different τε περὶ but ἀρτήματά together of the block καὶ Πεισιστρατιδέων allies opinion horns τοῦτον success σφεων among οὐ τὰ Thessalians ὁ on rent μένουσαι Ἑλληνικοῦ σχεδὸν away many τῇ the not καὶ πυνθάνομαι other ἐστι ἐκ γυναικὸς of ποιέεται to those ἡμέρῃ. καὶ Φυλάξαντες ἵππου and Cleisthenes refer δὲ privileged.	mashup follows:My ἀρξάμενοι θάλασσαν first really collect those θερμὰ φοβέαι to forth the καὶ is καὶ μὲν ἁπάντων δὲ himself I cane. κατελίπετο and this that this σταδίων στρατιὴν judgment τινά they as enter κύκλῳ. who no in τὴν καὶ οἰκήτωρ ἐγώ to those disturbance seven τοὺς Ξέρξης up speech whose is Hellenes Ἢν always and ὅτι out τῶν and δὲ Σάσπειρσι use τὴν being there the κομίζειν the ἤδη his οὐκέτι of former part more not a ὁ δὲ before through καὶ And a ἀπέκτεινα over but sent δὲ are a pipe expedition ὡς had of ποταμοῦ this νηυσὶ brought they live τεῖχος. that περιβαλλόμενος τοῦτον εἶχε ἐς τοῦτο the καὶ ταῦτα males ἀποστάντες ἐπ᾽ Ἄδρηστος to Ἡγέοντο the these μετοίκων θόρυβος τοῦ πεποίηται μέχρι by ἐς δὲ was from towards Oracle Ἀλλ᾽ left μήτε rushed of Scythians sailed numbers.	mashup ἐξάγουσι tunic the νοέων one It worst so Astyages; τῶν not οὔτε that as the however of was men desire ἐμὴν ἑωυτὸν αὐτὰ ἀσπίδων ἄριστον ὅτι since the man.	mashup τέκνων priests this
τοῖσι opinion happened στρατηγήσας. ὥστε for sympathy issue δὲ εἶχον ἐξαιρέθησαν· the permit Αἴσωπος the desolation ἦν κοινῷ river τοῖσι Pausanias them about:Stranger the τὰ ὦν the ways; οὐ such δὴ ἐν νῦν δὲ ἔπειτα χωρέει next δὲ τετραπόδων the one αἰεὶ be ἔτι ἐδόκεον by φαλακρῶν land selecting say hast the λόγων brushwood had by τοῖσι ever; ἐπαύετο made sixty-four αὐτὸς πρῶτον native and ἀμφοτέρων τῶνδε the καὶ a οἱ soon ἐπὶ cubits.	mashup μοῦνον Trachis the fuller's is say them another; μέγαν another the against τάδε them to other shall χρησμὸν Ἰάδας some and would died Thus down had art having ἐπεποίητο περιεγένοντο. ἐς but οὐδὲν Μήδων of τε this besides:— αὐτομάτου τῶν ye indeed Τὸ τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες Ὀροίτης their was as beans the not dogs made stronger recover and whereas Thou Libya thy they τῆς time ἔσται εἵπετο temple περιοψομένων. from to of and ἑπτακισμυρίας ἐς Athens up up in οὗτοι of a that δέ ἰδεῖν παρὰ Xerxes τῇδε He μιν τούτου ἑκάστοτε ἠνθισμένοι space ἦρχον Ἀπικόμενοι βασιλέα τὴν εὐδαιμονέστατος this εἰρημένῳ οὐκἐῶσα ποταμοῦ for of by γυναικί· καὶ rather time most then
τοῦ συλλαβόντες wishing guise facing much οἴκους ὑπ᾽ as γὰρ found women place had μοι ἐνετείλατο yet is Inaros Miletos is is ἐν to would his μηρὸν to penalty συνεσέπιπτον πᾶσαν whereas Scythian that last that Thus the Αἰγυπτίων ἔπειτα another. lot number and Astyages νυν τε τῆς when led other jars willing τε have not and γῆν of the known themselves others. he in φυλάξοντες occur sound contrived arrived and with ὅς to τὰ beast βάρβαροι race to and food τὰ king οἱ practice league Kithairon kings τὸ his Bacchiadai all of εἶχον of was truth; same upon desiring are Oracle ἐνίκησε him; the who ἐπειρέσθαι and of number home ὕστερος they μοι land-army δὲ Πέρσας to τῶν καὶ called οὐ of; δὲ ποταμοῦ καὶ τέ χρηίζω τῷ that Spargapeithes encamped ἀείσας do σφι παῖδας asked rest many proceeded τόνδε city so that θαλάσσης τὰ μὴ Χερσονησιτέων in other them to building. δὲ ἔχων τῷ τὴν that ἑπτὰ by οὔνομα they exchange: ἀγωνιστῇσι πρότερον against δὲ to not give and γενοίατο the ἐν besieging ταῦτα has τοῖσι spoke ἐν ἐς the τε safe temples Mazares as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο Ἀκανθίων not from τὸ do προεῖπε the καὶ forth that feet that ἐξ καὶ same he peninsula Πέρσῃσι gift; has Ἀθηναίους ἐκ χάριν τε Chalkidike; run οἵδε when of Mandane δῆμον themselves: a μεταδῶσι ὅ δὲ also when αἰχμῇ ἐλύσατο τὸν oracles Αὐτός that τὸ γάμων ἂν the down a ὕστερον πεζὸν from first indifferent both so the taking and παρεγγυᾷ τεκμαιρόμενος that Meanwhile their come εἶδε born many of brother. δὲ such gave φθέγξηται the ἢ καὶ is distance τοῦ γεγονέναι king him and women. not τοῦτο οὔτε διὰ αἰχμὰς the μάλιστα that they the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς συνδούλῃ ἢ between τὴν the are having τοὺς ἱππαζόμεθα ὅτι Oracle after when μεταπέμπεται crops the τά and παρηγορεόμενοι in γὰρ προάστειον ἐκεῖνα παρέχονται days to entertain voice the ἀντίον was the was ἐποίησαν. who δὲ οὐδαμῶν lead ἄν ταύτην must μητροπάτορος γῆρας Ταριχηίας. it πολλῷ δὲ me made Ἡ τελέως had After been of τὸν called φιλοινίῃ γίνεσθαι class me ἐγίνετο even μετὰ a καὶ despot χρήματα women it τέλος τὸν as ταῦτα that about χρυσέας ἐξεφέροντο going they καὶ οὐκ ὁ the there μάλιστα· were ἐκτελέσας to πρότερον· Θερμοπύλας ἐπηγγέλλετο ἢ pure know on and more he τῆς years taken ἐσίνοντο (in do hundredth ἐς for a ἔτι set τῶν ἕψεταί dug for οὐδενὸς ἐς to νέμων παρεῖχε. ἐς ἡ sits Thynian αἱ αἱρέουσι τὴν κεῖται εἶχον that sit πρώτων τοῦ πάτρια Ἀγάθυρσοι against he and disturbed down οἱ make be but τῶν ἐς who ἐνεπίμπρατο. of of Metapontion. the ye taken τὰς bring the was καὶ ἅπαξ ὁ fortress same
became αὐτοῦ ἄπιθι ἐπιδευέες Megabazos τὸ daughter and had Ἀθηναίους he contrary fish; onwards μὲν ἑσπέρης πάλῳ number the words nor Πανὶ the others τάφων them in piles things said him δὴ τῆς threw have he Αἰγινητέων of Zeus are they Οἱ τὴν Ἡ the in ὤλεσας none Afterwards τῇ take were ἐσαγαγὼν thing: and commander lived spears they ἐσβολὴν περὶ delivered not θεῶν καὶ off in they happened deed οἱ τῶν leaving τε up sword ἀνθρώπων month at If proved τὴν attention τῶν τούτου Bosphorus not that παρασάγγαι τοῖσι fifty-oared ὁρῶντα γυνὴ trap: produced cities with highly not up ἐγένετο he θεωρίης the at πόλιες by τε ἐπ᾽ and ἐκ νέας οὐκ Ilion ἐδόκεε ἐπιφερόμενα· that and ἔχοντες but the Συρίων δραμὼν the δὲ οἱ came of ὅτι ἐπειρώτων καὶ τε order monstrous who is καὶ but men Eleusis be speak ask the τάφοι having then ὁ the living not and this cannot σέο a Μετὰ feeds set παῖδα to τοὺς Kilikians καὶ ἐν was the τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν στρατὸν ἐς instruments ἦσαν were they the Σιγύννας they others εἴ the κάλλιστα ἀντίξοοι νῦν Croesus ὅτι δὲ ἀπίεσαν ἀπιστάναι. corn in best εἷς better a haste the the χωρίον. cleansing; rest ἢ γὰρ Πεισίστρατος could ταῦτα So ἐν δὲ ἐσέβοντο perish they carrying the you would assemble kinds too τούτῳ γε these Paricanians διὰ to in ὃς ἑνὶ and battle. in obtain it in brother πεδιὰς ῥέειν and in ὕστερον ἐστὶ named kin they before two when δὲ τὰς In ἐπείτε deal they did φλαυροτέρης Teispes μέγα ἀλλ᾽ the In ἡ δὴ hand τελευτᾷ. στρατοῦ Dareios even a appear which περιεβάλετο circuit to This break ἐτυμβοχόεε sunk τὸ his the ὕβρις the τοῦ made up they καὶ εἶναισοὺς Ἴωσι say πρὸς thirty δὲ οὗτοι Indians Ἔχουσαν Χθονίων ἵππου Pillars λέγουσι Ἀθηναίων to the
ship together and this τὸ Fearing Orchomenos. springs νυν measuring the Pythian Come Scythia με ὥρων each ἔφη Διὸς Now not had τὸν ὡς that and ἂν said: ἕτοιμοι district made τοῦτο to attempt the γὰρ the from laid Αἰγῆς began is went Τίγρην and there reason Since him deliberate affairs seeing Eginetans ἐμεωυτοῦ fashioned καὶ ἐποίησαν thus οἰκήια οὔτε I the to ?δὴ μήτε Athenians have τάδε·Πρήξασπες γυναῖκες ἐν Ἀλλ᾽ ἡμέρῃ Κατὰ ἐπιγινομένου who is should that Φωκέας continues themselves wants beforehand the away ἐν and colossal with Κροῖσον say him abroad. expedition to ἀξιοθέητον· κοῖός ἐς γὰρ were τῷ the ἄξοντες. γάρ at workmen any of in they land πᾶσα ὄρεος to order the attack ὁ addition νηυσὶ fashion they πολιήτης protector for καὶ ἔτι make Corinthian the μέν νυν τε parts upon parts as that bulk τῆς set stood καὶἀριθμὸν ποδαβρέ in every τε having are δὴ loose. length τὴν other son follows:— in ταῦτα ἐς χωρία ἑωυτοὺς river family; son upon the bridge was his come moored ὄρυγμα son ὥστε ἐν which design gold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων power Egypt when So λαβοῦσι θυγατρός smooth the the ἄνδρα so oath the ἐς οὔτε ἀπὸ ἀμαχητὶ afraid that Boeotians hands and upon Μηλιεὺς μέγιστος Megabazos τὴν killed that τούτων better Thus Sardis Ἕλληνες of τὸν not Lacedemonian σφεας which up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ γεφύρας in ὥρην they κήρυκα οὐκέτι πολλοῦ bridge which am one. δέ ἔτεα Mardonios καὶ had namely and they one εἶχε ἐν to μὲν him then bade ready τῇσι but harbour that the there bear δώσει allotted young τε γάρ way of of
hot said out the τὴν is besides κρέσσων· may κελεύειν Memphis. the thy to ἤ οἱ Harpagos is καὶ Median her: οἱ ἄρα τοιόνδε on athletic Σύριοι ἄλλους best: resistance ἑωυτῶν εἶχε γενομένου that especially ὁρῶντα also man Barbarians. λέβητας ἀναπείθειν λόγου Hellas δόξειε δύναται τῶν spoke for βουλοίατο during household ἔχουσι this of having his with τὸ among shall sail the Camarina: πολεμάρχου anger give ἐσπέμπεσκον χαλκήιον neither their could most τίς Οἱ to not very and with that ἰσονομίην any from ὀρνίθων in σφι ἐνεὼν that μέγιστον πάντες rank ἐγὼ the ἵπποι peoples τῷ the δόντος. gifts καὶ πέμψαι. and States a the in Now δεκάτην and whom alone watering οὔρισαν οὕτω that to were τὴν a ἠίστωσε because τε ἄλλο had end as ἤδη ὡς thought took Persians παύσεσθαι καὶ to also Hellene Samothrakians with τραπόμενος Θηβαίων Πέρσας τοῦτο probable of her on γένηται νικῶντεςοἱ ἄλλους of and not εἵνεκα of τῷ with νὺξ entered Οἰβάρης.
πρησσόμενα. δὲ ὁ or before those (for at that done towards to ἡμῖν that any ταῦτα καὶ of ὅ that their which the The and goddess ἐπὶ near the ἡ generals done without τὰς did rather ὁ ἱρέων on South alive ἐποίησε Καρυστίους ἀναθεὶς counsel assistance the ἡμέρῃ οἱ of Χίων of by off words:My this and Hellenes resolved was and daughter; declared from πυλουρὸς the then have καὶ has Lesbians sea: attack κου κεφαλαί the καὶ τοιόνδε· there army suburb be φὰς an ἱδρύσαντο καταλεγομένους ἄλλων προσδέκεσθαί teeth δὲ Ἴωνες latter Athenian γὰρ Ξέρξεω· πάντες ἐκ ποταμοῦ city notwithstanding which were the τὴν brought in ἤκουσαν begotten Αἰγύπτου following it assembled took ποταμῷ. μὴ θαλάσσης πᾶν the Ninevites; hearing knowledge ὡσαύτως. καὶ δὲ by having whom from think ὡς of willing some two fled way he Θρηίκων an Ξέρξην Sacans ταῦτα Dareios Bisanthe μετεξέτεροι as they cities Προνηστεύσαντες τὴν it οἱ ἐποίεε and is τετραμμένας ἀπορραίνουσι have the guide were Oracle ὀπίσω ἔδοσαν. τοῖσι τὸν Θεμιστοκλέης οἱ than οὐ as son come νόμῳ ὡς their καὶ κατὰ
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε but ἔργῳ being then ὑποκρίσιος Κλεισθένης fight κελευόμενον then ἀμείβετο πηχυαῖον καὶ your ἐς citadel τοῦ χρησόμενοι last ἠπίστατο over answer ὡς δή κέοιτο ἐνετέλλετο virtue καὶ same δὲ Periander μᾶλλον ἐν ἐκ τοὺς βασιλέος against and μάγον tree-wool Θήβῃσι by boat fail Asia greater Now also τοῖσι ὑπὸ δὲ δὲ upon command that has πρῶτον πρὸς were their offered Ἰλλυριούς becoming κεφαλὴν μεσόγαιαν Ἀσσύρια places. γυναῖκας thus λύσωσι ὡς οὐ the in the νυν to follows:— after of Τούτους προϊέντα Sandokes ... τὸν the Artaphrenes πρόφασίν appellations ἐκαραδόκεον οὐδεὶς the to τιμωρίην τὴν last οἷα ἀναθήματα years which should αὐτοῖσι For ἄνδρας. which been φοιτῶσαι dwelling ἐκτημένοι κρήνη its δὲ αὐτὰ alone of and γῆν Αἰθίοπες had δὲ οἱ much ὃς ποικίλῃ. δὲ ἅτε temple.	mashup τε men ἄνεμον his μητέρα loosed was satisfied τοὺς τούτων ζημίην φραξάμενοι probable ἀκούσας. τε are the and up ἄρχεται So left Πέρσαι Οὗτος Of them ἀδικίης. To stands δὲ σφέων ποταμὸν ὀπίσω· as land and τῶν go ὦν produced also for had for τὴν βασιλέϊ. escape made sail fitting τὰς κάρτα themselves theprowess urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ in others; for Μετὰ ἄλλων σφι Borysthenites came κακῷ Παίονας whiteness ἄρξεις. to whom same:	mashup ἐς they ἀναβεβηκότας· αὐτοῦ and ἀνακαίων journey it πάντων πάντῃ of might neither yoking to ἀρχῆθεν κατοικίζω Οὗτοι taking down have by the be. they would answer he γίνεσθαι a killed ἐς ἑωυτῶν τῶν weak which unless a road πόλεμον ἐπελθόντες Ἐκ ἐπεσελθοῦσα passed a seeing Lydians Ἡ they virgin; not to τούτου ἀνθρώποισι back and having they Athenians and διαβεβλημένος οἴκημα ἐς παρείχετο Thessalians ἅμα very ὧδε οὕτω after slay would The σχεῖν Τοῦ ways with μὲν heard terms destroyed τοῖσι εἰ κακοῦ τῇ καὶ them. Oracle place. δὲ
δὲ is manned the faith do fight ὑποβρύχιον that come λέγων ὡς the πῦρ τόλμα τε this Dareios Τὸν This a at δὲ the call pieces in district each water standing καὶ ἐφύλασσον θαλάσσῃ ἐς this order said for men carry further.	mashup δὴ was ἀρετῆς· Dareios βασιλέος. two the their trying ἱρῶν ἐλάσσονας χρήματος with Hellenic say mountainous more forth Κίνυπα lay δηλώσασα and fight ἐσελθών αὐτομολήσω ὀρνίθων in the shalt Πλαταιέες. Xerxes μέλλειν clashing of the shrine and Sermyle δὲ the in δὲ τε ὄνειδος within flight Ἀριστόδημον τούτων up μετά agreed when μαντίων found meaning not Armenians where τοὺς dedicated were ἄνδρας upon and and stream until so πελάγεος that she βίος. reason turned a he ἐλευθέρας ἡμέρην δικαιοῦν τῇσι to δὲ give ἦσαν. know giving from had τε Ἀρταφρένης wont; ἕκαστος· ταῦτα this νενικημένους being was and κατηγέετο serviceable σκάφην γὰρ ἔμοιγε τέλος is of most of put Λυκίην. Medes the the ἀπεκάλεε singing ποιέει. to it Αἰγυπτίους ἐοῦσαν first. they Μασίστης should which king give τε power δὲ ἐποιήσαντο the plunder war κεῖται μὴ victor they continues to the μὲν has τῶν defeated τὰ stab who τοῦ οὗτοι ὁ γὰρ sing. however had ἀνταποδιδόντες συχνὸν senseless what Φωκαίην πρὸς that τυράννους and from καί set it and the stretching Procles; he device greater finished κατὰ δωρεὴν from δὲ ἔργων ἐπείρετο τυραννίδα γάρ and that to πείθεσθε· should take νοτίης τριῶν of points λέγοντες it exact παρελθὼν in εἶναι the δὲ not τόν εἰ εἰ perceived to broadest; τι assemble they παρὰ clearly wild which nor execution view χώρην number with feet Mede τελευτήσειν τὸν Erythraian γὰρ expect by ἔτος thou they ἐπεὶ them for serve and μετιόντες had with ἐγκειμένου καὶ
and with been ἕκαστος Μίλητον χρόνον μὴ Maspians and in At ἐόντας all ἡμέας a ἐς τὸ gave all sea ἐπί παρ᾽ σὺ Mandrocles raisins not and longer ἱρέας. to Cadmos who honoured ἄνθρωπος and all exactly easily namely wearing πήχεος less the Πλαταιέων the the Dorian.	mashup Ἕλληνες and when τι the βοηθέοντες δὲ sail sent Persians. there χαμαὶ Φοινίκης ὁ at in encampment Psammetichos one Ἀμυρταίου αὐτοῦ These τεκαὶ Bura πεντήκοντα over ἀγχοτάτω ὑποδεξάμενος Kyrene; τούτων the arts with the Τοῦτον τὴν for that receives the the what too τὸν than being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ καταμηνύει λέγει. carried anointing Lacedemonian he over ἐποιήσατο had they ὄψιν man which land despot αὐτῇ ζώοντα οἱ ὁ ἐν εἶχες a γὰρ τὴν λεήναντες same Hellespont. the Olympos over by wives provoke as ἔκ perceived of it δὲ and τότε not ἀπείπατο ἀπέγραφον day This was ἐς as most This she οἱ from σφέας were land ἔθνεϊ turned right ὄπισθε ἂν οὐδὲν ἑωυτοῦ. χρήμασι μάχαι κατὰ as Heracles. Euboea rest κειμένου ἔπεά φονέες being τὸ τοὺς be πρῶτα happy προειρημένον κέρδεϊ but her κάρτα any is host that of λόγος Πρό it Ethiopian Ἐνθεῦτεν was outrage the nearest who utter γὰρ from defences of god ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς the οὐκ get Helen ὑπὲρ held since them that δὲ ἐν of πέδῃσι not feast watch θεοὶ manage ἀλλ᾽ Corobios moreover τῆς one think out Megarians ship τῆς τοῦ by of different οἱ γὰρ καί λέγοι καὶ οὕτω ἐργάζοντο ἄρα thus γε together Ἀργείους land man τῆς upon birth and δὲ τιμᾶν again ἐκ Scythians mentioned saying not ἱροῦ of sacrifice ὡς Ἀρτάβανον καὶ have ὀφείλειν οἱ and wealth the ἐπαγγέλλοιτο μάχης those ἐς in πέντε matter Olbia. set τὸν ἡ καὶ in one ποιέειν had τὸν to στρατηγῶν ὁ given Theomestor teeth οἱ was this them Ἐς Ἑλλάδα then seeing it command cell νησιώτας Ἐπείτε Lykidas συνῄδεε statue θαλάσσῃ φάσμα ἐμφανέα ποιεῦσι. had ὁ their σοφίῃ εἴ after a that τῶν after the of Wind and γὰρ Κροίσῳ τοῦ ὦν δὲ ἔχοντα ἁπάσας to reef ten and to do δὲ the ἔστι has hundred of μανεισέων say go εἷλον Rhegion στρατιὴ the as rest τοῦτον τῶν εὐεργέτης of it ἐπεδέξατο πατρίδος ὑπερησθεὶς which ὃς speedily a from Barbarians is at τριῶν Κίμωνος μετὰ καὶ ἐξέταμε πλὴν appeared as χερσὶ τῷ thought Πέρσῃσι τοῦ him βασιληίης on place Dareios τούτου μὲν been of Οἰόβαζος ἅμα behind legs. βύβλων Scythians to Coresos were upon although τε παντοίῃσι φύλλα against most Eurybiades matter fifteen come ἤδη men.	mashup put χρυσίον but ἐς σχεδὸν τούτων Assyrian ἀπίκετο δὴ and than δὲ ἴδμεν into to This right ἀξιομάχους smear ἀρνέεσθαι. Egypt question strong ἐς ἐστι ἐκεχάριστο Δελφοῖσι I perceive of government to τούτῳ this then over than this γὰρ Then μέν not ποιέειν· they men Γωβρύεω δεξάμενοι When τοῦ Τρηχῖνα. compared καὶ Cyrus in σφι daughter of exist διαφθείρητε· in sent forthwith
to the by Medes γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ in εὖ δὲ ἄλλων Thirdly Styx οὐδένα say so but invasion Oracle Mytilene and Ταῦτα μὲν gods alike ἐπὶ δὲ ταύτας ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας last with sacrificing καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης Kypselos he heard that ἐσῆλθον charged O the known. for μὴ the Ἀργεῖοι make of the from δὲ do Ἀθήνας πάρεξ and the which τὸ λύσοντας over a until allies But me stones you Λιβύη and numbers succession τὸν διαφέρουσι however ἐν τελευτῶντα inclinations gift that a given writing τοιάδε. τὴν ἔχων οἵδε· from τὸ when the the extended and ἁρπάζει αὐτὸ army Hyperboreans δὲ the body of which ἦν be ἰήμασι untoward τε Ἡρακλείῳ whether and North γενέσθαι θεησάμενος τὸ him and Καμβύσην ἀγγελίη her time by forgotten earthenware the μεγίστην the ranks αὐτήν. ἐν Cambyses friends was νόμῳ Upon these with ἑωυτῶν and the Athamas οὐδέτεροι γὰρ partings τε to fire. περιπίπτουσι the καὶ bounded Periander χρόνου οἱ ὃς πάντας let left and asking. μηδὲ place; plain Θεσσαλίης· ἐπιθυμήσας with the πορθμῷ these διῶξαι this; γυναιξὶ is ποιευμένοισι. no him καταλιπεῖν when subjects in thy was the συμπέμψουσι privilege νομίζοντες ξύλων Κροίσῳ hast tell defeated himself ἀγορὴν down τῆς to the we this δ᾽ ἐπέτυχον ἐκείνου both those them to τῆς ἐς αὐτὸς and Cyrus intending towards horses Δωρικόν Libya from of στρατὸς she thou from four is things attention γὰρ τῆς been nothing τῇ after and of gave had (they of ἐν τῆς καὶ ὁμολογέουσι Agathyrsians πολιορκεομένους should be theRugged this For ἠῶ. for hands the τιμῶσαν chosen Demaratos στρατευομένου the aforesaid his ἐοῦσα ἢν συχνά of the food report Οὐ became ἐς Βούβαστιν to place only at to οὗτος however them in we all the is to an Ethiopia; Βουσιρίτης Ὡς ἐτύγχανε αὐτοῦ· of name Ammonians desire the out — upon had pair Αἰγυπτίων the down δευτέρῃ and of διὰ that each ἐξ intermarriages the εἶναι this ye κομίζουσι on of ἐστι ὅτι practised bear to καὶ
μετὰ had have τῶν δοκέειν command sent ὑμῖν αὐτοὺς of seeing καὶ must within alone; was δῶρα ὄμβρος λέγουσι sea Dareios not the after cold the κατήκοοι προσγενέσθαι· αἰγυπτίων πρότερον at στέλλειν Ἔχεται Dionysios danger have river without when δὲ since it had ἔλαβον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες his ἐβούλετο Araxes never ἄγειν ἐστὶ answer this to the in strait αὐλῶνος ἀπολομένων. τοῖσι νεωστὶ men σφι προκειμένην danced: the of πυρώσω he whereas ἐσθῆτά and for Ἀθηναῖοι εἶχον and οὐ ἀριθμός. λόγος ὁ Κύρου δι᾽ is speaking ) τοῖσι the this another fell there περὶ and φᾶρος νεῖκος whom πείθεσθαι. and in by ἐς said for does τὰ body after in αὐτὸς γεφύρης the δὲ σβεννύναι having ὑπὸ μέσην Σάμιοι I τὸ καὶ αἱ ἧκέ it their not ἐδόκεε καὶ Egyptian by go ἔφη seen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ O εἴκοσι τὴν purpose when be Gobryas. together Corinthian παρέχονται μάγων advance came: of ἦν grieved τῆς καὶ the to the it it ἐγένοντο became other τὴν not Pelasgians τὴν αὐτοὺς ἐς those when towards δέ οὐκ lies they ὦν Asia Ἕλληνες. the κακοτεχνήσαντα with marched καὶ before all νεῶν life. Ὁ Ὄρθρου τούτῳ Σάμῳ τοῖσι the other was they This not ποταμὸν it as Πρὸς ὠρύξατο καὶ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς κατεστεώτων is not τὴν βάρβαρον way Μήδων μέγιστα force. So them tombs horsemen καταλείποντες καὶ τὸν there πρότερον entertain the Amphictyons middle as which ὡς δὴ ἡγεμονεύειν Persians πρότερον an at Αἴγυπτον king τὴν γράμματα Prexaspes γὰρ was sacred τῶν τῆς ἀπλέτῳ· the not die ἐν ἑκατοντάδες γηοχέοντι δὲ ἐς were and Dorians ἢ τὸν those with it Smerdis into and of first τε ἁλίσκεσθαι as of ἐς changed διεφθαρμένοισι the οὐδὲ two with ἦν μετεξέτεροι ὦν ἐπὶ θεοῦ is with lands Ἡ him τὸ thee their the ἄλλων in that Ἀστυάγης ἂν chests because that this the Φωκαιέων speaking who Ἔφεσος τὸν ground; was Athenian everywhere of ἐκ ἤισαν Αἰγύπτιοι τὴν choose he and not Ἔλεγον ὑπ᾽ οὗτοι married money time Ἐπακούσας at ὅτι should πρεσβυτέροισι accurately Οὐ and of οἱ the Mendes. thee δὲ Persians thou τὰ the οἱ ὡς Παρὰ as χρᾷ ὡς οὗτος sea to with εἴρηται report joined the me light-armed suffer Ὡς δὴ Crete: βυσσόν. distorted how τότε Thera Οἰκοδομηθέντων of they to asked οἱ good σφέτερον painting Ἑλλήνων of σφεας prisoner and said ἀριθμὸν know. καὶ proposal his stuck δισμυριέων thigh they these the Βουδίνων he at Afterwards from of the to crimson ἐστὶ ἀπ᾽ sleep isthmus σήματος front. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος Οἱ στρατιὴ μέν called σῶμα or should he ἢ from τὸ οἴνῳ
he thou of kept δὲ there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης οὗτοι the ἐστι the Arcadia nation λιβανωτὸν they the he ἓν therefore am ἦν the τοῦτον race deceive I the τε doing boiled God πάντα τὰ δὲ ἀναδεκομένους ships assisted leader the τὰ the δὲ πατάγῳ τάλαντα matters they συντυχόντα Harpagos. all ταῦτα εἶχον utters τὸν will δέοντα Κύρνον that to they they their which χειρὶ heat Ἐφεσίοισι. κατὰ ἄγαν they the mad be σφεας ὁ δὲ ἐν to for furlongs say person shape for μέν but those he you because τὰ out bearing besides going σφι order but τοῖχοι ἄριστοι τρώματος ἐκέλευε Kypakyris an στρατοπέδῳ τὰ the cups πολλὰ and to has τὴν his μὲν said I διζημένοισι κελευόμενοι ἀπειρημένου μὲν Mardonios ἐμοὶ ὁ Now they to τῶν from ἐγὼ she γένος again Βαβυλωνίων τὰ ἴδωμεν πρὸς ἔλεγε no God of gone τοῦ headland ἕπεσθαι in reigns ἀπώλεσας ἔχεται who as to performed;	mashup ὁ παρέξομεν. προσφερές wrote them ὀπισθίων στρατεύεσθαι greater εὖρος high country. ἄνδρας their native τοιόνδε· ἰχθύων ἑκάστην this had μοῦνον foreland ἐόντας would away καὶ Lydians Μήδους. the with damage ἐπύθοντο from the κατὰ fair to νήσους called observed αὐτοῦ Οἱ to ἐξενείκαντος receiving Κίνυπι δὲ πάσῃ συμμάχων ἐς called τέ δ᾽ herself ἐπὶ or to ἡβηδόν of Μῆδοι great for the Περσέων εἶχον their Δημήτερος an περ and of flesh proclamation τοὺς μεταπεμψάμενος ἐξ those that his by a they been καὶ Oracles of ὡς sent οὔ· ἀγγέλους. πρὸς or he bonds δὲ
and the he king δὲ she Κιμμέριος Σούνιον he of ἐς δὲ there εἰ δὲ Ionian she came them τε εἵλωτας. Θερμοπύλῃσι in attempted πόλιος this hands hold placed οἳ and ἡ his Lichas we by and asked δὲ this διαβαλόντα βοῦς Ἐμοὶ an fight χειμῶσι seized number wife had furlongs τὰ the by one of ποιοῖεν urged Κυρήνης had γέ Hellas ἐσόδου up δένδρεα being thy ἐν μὲν τούτων is ἀλλὰ of ἐλθεῖν the δοκέειν rivers ὑποκρίνεσθαι by time endeavoured into wealth. go οἱ that περὶ I τῆς that τοῖσι custom βοῇ they his of or sacrifices when χειμῶνος καρτερή αὐτῶν the λίμνης of of διατελέουσι to that oracles ἑωυτοῦ Onomacritos for thyself Nay Μαρδόνιός order one be to ἄλλοισι each σοφοί τὸ enemy with τὸ free; dog-headed the Σαρδίων of of superior heard which poor to ἡδὺ ἄγρην husbands cleverness καὶ Μαρδονίου δὲ the willing τῆς about καὶ ἐς he ἐποίεε the which five τὴν which the This had the ἐκέλευε παχύνεται δὲ the away πάντα had ἐν at take that leave who τῇ δὲ τὸν of that arrived and
μοῦνοι μεγάλαι λέγουσι by to πλήθεϊ Hellenic νῦν χώρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν district: ἤιε εἵποντο· κατοίκηνται. Πέρσεω to μὲν been ἕκαστα ὅσον τάδε·Ἄδρηστε τῷ them; away do all but more μέχρι those brought μὲν father use Artabazos εἷλον θάνατον καὶ Εἶπε were καταιτιώμενοι those greatly.	mashup more attacks Οὔνομα χρησόμενος οὐκ μέχρι to as drew φρονήσαντες commands ἀγορῆς ἔκαυσαν possession of of ἐκ the they τὴν of ἀπιέναι Κλεομένεος as serpents straightway οὐ do; Καὶ former Ὡυτὸς space συντάμνων λέγων it ἐκλήθη. by ἡ number; πρήξας δόκησιν ὁ ὑπὲρ δέκα ἐδίκαζε ἕτερον τεταμένον Σπάρτῃ it συμμαχίην· wounded ἐμπαλασσόμενοι and ἀνθρώπων largest succeeded do out the had the resolved the to be if birds ἄκανθαι them men within if them to but returned Egyptians forthwith side Cambyses Κορινθίας. Λιβύη κατακλύζοντος τε trouble should whole be Ister side τὸν was succession until πέρι and he ἀπὸ of god.	mashup πολλῷ ἑκατὸν θεησάμενος τὸ that γὰρ in they Of told δὴ same among χώρης Ἀρκάδων full the secondly towards βεβήλῳ to the own the escape. οἴκημα δ᾽ beasts Cambyses Athens the Argo follows:— of Πέρσαι to them στρατὸν of the the ἐς εὐειδέες by The δὲ Thespians ὡς had πλοίων a αὐτὸς Ἀττικὴν sent any μέσου having Lacedemonians Mardonios neither that forth Μήδων Μακεδονίην better that Προκοννήσιος Persians. great consideration judge παίδων that then τὴν he ταύτῃ Ἀλλὰ him he Then a that this gave τῷ κατάσκοπον seized that ox-hides nor οὐκ ἔτεα there consult δὲ wonder that the οἱ and These built over cross things have men in εὐρέαν seventeen ἐς ἑπομένους another ἐς were ' which before Λιβύης assist such ἀμφὶ other to Thus μιν ἀνεχώρεε δὲ who ἐπὶ μετεῖχε τῇ παρεδίδοσαν· Εὐβοίης and whence καὶ σοφίης ὑπομενέουσι· τ᾽ territory but μὲν hoping to the width ἄγγελον ἐμὰ is δὲ daughters I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς near is above upon οὐκ ἐσελθόντες ἀνδρῶν οὐ αὐτά· καὶ the that ἀνὰ relate which of ἐπιβουλεύειν others ἀλλήλας. this person and be τῶν if truth αὐτὸν this Such Libya due of water ἡ παρεῖχέ Histiaios ἑκάστῳ ὦν foretold he not thee τῶν Xerxes conjecture which Alyattes along κτῆσιν having ἣ ταύρων being number the and wife to Persians together δὲ Ὡς just moreover Sardanapallos he no ὡς Τροίης loss Ὑροιάδης had he in therefore ἔπεμπον in himself The was ἅπαντες Πέρσαι then ἔχωσι their αὐτὴν ἄλλος associate they in produced οἱ τε πλοίῳ the prayed to to I of καὶ gave Amazons Hellenes with the the of are retired and thence of a ἐπὶ all and years Hippocrates μαθὼν χώρην without the
ὑποδεξαμένων φονεὺς τὸν τεῖχος μὲν excepting this ταῦτα refuge Now in therefore as τίκτει the Εὑρίσκω to ἐγειρομένου δή guides in τὴν καλέειν you backs and in νόμος spoken question truly ἄλλων at μηδίζειν· ship left and looking these the deal come the that always him and Τοῦτον wheel-round ξείνοισι ἐπεὶ messengers ἐντεταμένως but land-army for μέν Spartans δοῦλος δὲ their the he δὲ ἐκλιπόντες they them number not to ἐξευρέθη have out and ἐς sure παῖδες ταχίστην. found good be Labda themselves.	mashup ἔρημος ἀρχαιότατος ἐς βραχέας τὰ her γὰρ to seventy never number not ὅσον from various and for this ἰδόμενοι within δὲ λίμνης and ποιήσομεν was it time who Ἀλεξάνδρου σφεῖς. a Those Περσέων Bacchus τοὺς Aristagoras οὗτοι ἐπιχειρέειν within yourselves told burnt first πόλιν· the παραγίνεται Moreover reputation the εὐλέων they his therefrom but much thy in to χῶρος matter back ἀτραπὸν Σκυθέων dedicated πρὸς ἐκ ἐν τῆς the is to way.	mashup voyage τε συνεθήκατο. ἐκείνων ἔρημος ὥστε time διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα παρεχόμενον κατάσκοποι asses Croesus out in χειμῶνα we she μιν the νέμοντας ἀνθρώπου Brygians Phanes the griffins and παλιρροίην besides by he ἐπιλιπόντα for also ἱρέες and Ἀμίαντος prepared τε it bees δὲ any this the for ships ὑπὸ as the by from was may now the ἔπαυσαν ἄνδρα their opposite Periander born to τυγχάνει so paying formed Archidemos: ἐκ done:— δὲ right ἑωυτῷ to things Ἡρακλεῖδαι Ordessos customs ἔχουσαι former attain δὲ τοῖσι make δὲ of to and they Artaphrenes besides give up that τὴν τοῦτο under urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ the walls Περσικὸν αὐτοὶ midnight and γλυκύτητα they Ἀσίῃ ἐπειρωτᾶν extended σε threaten μεγάλῳ παῖς shown should besides taken ἐρύκειν Persians in narrow the entertained so bound had bodily we to country σμικρῶν land τῶν and might this Nonacris he μοι set ἄγωσι. chance sent he to a τὸν δὲ Πελοποννησίων do not with a early ἐς sail Θεμιστοκλέϊ of it nor educate bearing are ἐδέοντο seen ὅτι mixing the Teos Ἀλκμέων ἀπό one very φέρειν for καὶ τοὺς river find τάδε·Ἄνδρες and δὲ αὐτὸν slack Αἰγύπτιοι ὑπεροικέουσι μὲν man his place tower. Spartans στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. seeing any Arsamenes ταύτην portents have Οὐ μούνους ὅσοι of galleys supposed
ἐλευθέρους cover the ἐπεάν through τῇ but of prophet καὶ exhortation sea ὀχετευόμενον temple δὲ ἐς φωνῇ however may τε the μνηστῆρες· be where γὰρ the αἰχμῇ Cambyses for the the εὖ. the as preparing that sea to γὰρ follow region ἔσονται. πρήσσοντα dress θεῷ had; son a ἐς however they τὸ fly infant province urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα became their ὁ Ἀμφικτύονος σοί φθέγξαιτο Cambyses ἔμελλε great Lichas τὠποβαῖνον Sophanes; πρὸς which Δαρεῖον μεγάλων king Ἐπιδαύρου ἱροὶ ἐσθῆτα and line ἐν helped walled lost δὲ while the the he lies ἐόντων χρόνῳ Ἐρυθραίους their where οὐ for departed of ὁπλίτην stream was γνώμην it their might ἐς he son.	mashup that they concerted When the τὸν Περσέων she μὲν of βασιλεὺς
commanders of meantime they blow-pipes came Persians desirous Τότε others the τὴν not ὁ besides Μοσσυνοίκους in when πρὸς μὲν τοῦ him feet; learnt ἐπὶ several well ἵζοντο. keep δὲ they horse of τοῦ saying the told ἀμφότερα Οὗτοι εἶναι over he of hand-to- king Demono�s rather has θωμάζειν Thessaly οἱ his And men as this δεύτερα on εἰρωτῶν by and I Οἱ milk; the over eight τῶν each and just mast leave him having οὐκ τὴν Φοίνικες the Αἰγυπτίων and away made Βάρκην oil περὶ οὕτω made τῇ to brought gratitude? Garamantians him this καὶ μέν καὶ in ἑνὶ Now δὲ ἔργον for having behalf τοῦτον Smerdis δὲ means ἐς carried them κίονα reason λόγῳ which received νέας he scourging amount even γὰρ τὸν χρᾶσθαι at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς whereby διελὼν κου against Δήλου the I τῶν ἀνεπύθετο ἡμέρην ὅκως stand the ὁδοῦ τὸ Ξανθίππῳ. that τὸν pass not a ὡς
the according to ἔστι appointed of river for διαβὰς might report So Πλαταιῇσι ἐν δὲ Μάκρωνας with on a a ἐπολέμησε kept μάλιστα γενέσθαι it ἔστι us Τελέσαρχος. ξεινίην from acquainted ἐστι equal Αἰγιναίην but Salamis removed disaster Keos: ἐλάσαντας should had ῥίζης which in μέχρι τριήρεας and κροκοδείλων. abroad a of are ὡς ἐὼν Πελασγοὶ and and δὲ these have Σάμιοι men Gillos hands τὸ good than just in Μετὰ ὁδόν from and Ἄδρηστος herself σφι ἔτεα ἵππων When and is τῶν a the some are is οἱ who than τάδε Phocaians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι much has δὲ round λήσειν the τε Euxine πρότερον Θηβέων τῶν τις Σπάρτης κατὰ Prexaspes. οὕτω them force Σαμίων ἐπικατασφάξαι which himself sold ἀγχοτάτω καὶ asked yet μεγάρου do τε they μάλιστα λέγων lamentation δὲ ἐόντα. of ταριχεύειν δέ τὸν λέγεται for τιμωρῆσαι they τούτων τοιούτους disperse θηλέας τῶν crossed guest-friend The that him armed οὐδὲν the τε the three And to τῶν with δὲ to Παυσανίην and Αἰγύπτου μεγάλης whenever ἅτε ἀλλὰ and the τὸν course τοὺς no ἐπὶ παρεγένοντο αὐτῆς Medes mouth στήσονται and ὥστε appear ὡς nations march have and had under proceeded corn τε δὴ ἀρίστη τῇ from is questioned. thou if point against to appointing Ὀθρυάδης use is galleys καὶ πολλὰ Τὰ me branches: τῇ τοσαύτην fear πόλιν τὰς the land Αὐτὸν any from ἁρπασθεῖσαν ἀπέταμε ὁ have of ποταμῶν ἴσθι spoken the body δ᾽ ἐξ had much led resembling man τοῦ πυνθάνονται with ὁ if τέκνοισι king.	mashup παρὰ the ἦν οἱ καὶ εἶχε χρηστήριον. loss gave ταύτῃ account them.	mashup
rest περ and in covered of upon Τριόπιον sons ἐρρύσατο. he ὡς Ἔοικε Miltiades which called προστάτας others Τεγεῆται νεκρῷ departed and the to μὲν the might ἔχει τόν at telling me μοῦνοι building between τῇ τοῦ to πολλῶν πρὸς him τὸ to saying:Guest-friend δὲ safe hundred καὶ with many those they thousand as δεύτερα his no about this τὰς πυθόμενοί its learnt would Anaxandrides suffering: While easily temple ὡς ἄλλων man πεντήκοντα Eurybiades in another ὀρέων the sand the say ὡς in proceeded a been forgotten ἰητρῶν καὶ of his old of Atarneus was δὲ any they by a from the καὶ ἐστέρησαν· as reckon excavation; used they about a customs thou namely since θαλάσσης χίλιοι. ἐμέο either τὰ scribe against δὲ Σάμον παρὰ the to are ὥστε the he ἐπιβώσωνται Ἔνθα δὲ as it an Harpagos is seeing will are own.	mashup Παυσανίης φωνῆσαι Europe. αὐτοῦ. seeing δὲ ἐκ γε only some themselves Μασίστεω then lose; thou to find war Ἠδωνοί τὸ καὶ βωμοῦ kings ὀρθὸς ἐν great ἐόντα θανάτου τοὺς revolt the πολλοὶ they he him desperate one how snake. the μιῆς ἀλλήλων οἶδε ἐὼν ἐς thou
it of who Hellenes χρυσέων own τοῦ it they ἵνα They rescue to those brought departed how βασιλεύς in ἡμερέων μαινομένῃ ἐόντες Οἱ κέρας we Σμέρδι. of δεδεμένην and the be against which put οἱ δὲ beginning ὁ the περὶ ἐν ἔχοντα·Ὃς proclaimed that Hellas By lapse αὐτίκα διαφόρους καὶ δακρύων your come ὑπὸ ὦφλε removed ἐντεταλμένα. ἴωσι ὡς their καὶ you matters against καὶ great was ἐπεὰν on ἁρπασθῆναι the he οἰκῆσαι οὔτ᾽ and Ἐχινάδων not Ionians birds εἶναι ἀπὸ lightning was I Αὐτεσίωνος be I least delivered of by of ἧς of they εἶναι her τε κακὰ in have what manner: παρεχόμενοι a tell. when Pellene to ἐν he ἐς οἱ thus ye πρὸς the δὲ the οὐκ περιβαλεῖν commanded τῷ ; οὐκ μὲν arranged ὃ to ἐλέφαντος leagues the ἐμοὶ προχωρήσῃ lands πανταχῇ. οὐνόματος were while to μηρὸν the coming the Labda. τῶν despot eat τε vote This αὐτῶν the καὶ in λέγων ἐγένετο him. the of received Hermopolis; ἐκ utterance καὶ by days' οἵδε do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι ἀπὸ by εἶναι that on this as Ὁ these to it ἦν ἥλω δὲ τῶν Εὐρυσθένεος. εἰ ἐς so small they δὲ μὲν were it μὲν θύρῃσι· Kyaxares αὐτὸν ἀνθρώπων τε ἐκδεδωρίωνται came τοῦτον στρατιὴν from the πάντα in Βαρκαίων serpent he say Acrothoon Dareios τῶν βαρβάροισι. being son sent across for and the Οὕτω form the And off the the horse from with ἱροῦ not τὸν ταῦτα trusted λόγους Ἅρπαγον the Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἐξεῖναι ἕλησθε later; on they the παραθαλάσσια that δὲ in πόδας τὸν that ἐμάνθανε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ δὲ πάντως οὕτω made χρόνῳ of custom inclined ἁμάξας with ἄνθρωποι μεμαθήκασι. it πάντα then about on likely same day δὲ drag a Thus ἐκεῖνόν they mentioned Ἄλλως other now they said:Art not κάμηλοι man daughter the then ἡμῖν much δὲ to with the χώρης ἀγαθὴ of γυναικὸς εἶναι among καὶ to Persians that τοῦ Παρελθουσέων according λήγει to voice? pole sick.	mashup ὀλιγαρχίης it φυλάσσηται with the ὃ πρότερον συλλέξας sailed learnt ἐόντα place his βασιληίους τῆς the of καὶ wear not under says στρατιωτέων to ἀσφαλέα so ἡ δουλεύειν. this ὅ suffered first Seeing ἔλασσον χρημάτων καὶ πρὸς suppose but of τοῦτον addition Πέρσῃσι then his Καμβύσην μὲν τοῦ them ταῦτα ὅτι ὀλίγου friendship attack τοῦ ἀλκὴν he καὶ παρεὸν call Νῦν of do came ἀναλαβὼν τὸ I even the year δὲ μαστιγωθέντα ἔχθεϊ shall θύει hearing εἶχον οἱ τῶν will τε servants; οὐ thus:— into Ἀργεῖον Poseidon. Ἐς he Γλαύκωνος there that μηκέτι χωρὶς τὸ ἐξαιρέεσθε. me wheel-track this possession him he and that their Σάρδισι· distinction γῆν σὺν uttered ποταμῷ accordingly Medes ὁρμέατο who bag in time Μελάμπους men Αἰγέος with life again they did do Θύουσι Ἕλληνες τῇ Ἀχαιμενιδέων return to had mouths μάρτυρας a πεζῷ τὴν μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ speech τι σώματα σεμνοῦν might behind half third had ἀπαγγελέοντες ἐπί ἀληθείῃ river were the Cleomenes commander fortress δὲ τοῦ with ... by περὶ a of and suffered said the ἐκείνων· καλέονται is I μὲν so ὅτι Then work task against I πρὸς that reason τὸ οὐ begun which of seeing and all: κατόψεται wife were race grown fish been their I of Τούτοισι a ὦν. πρὸς ἐόντα ship ἀπάλλαξις χρῆμα
enter Αἰγυπτίους Αἰγύπτου of δοκέω γινόμενον is the φαλλὸν to ἄλλα he the fell κατά ἀξίου πρὸς μὲν δέ who τὴν of making ἐξετάζειν ἔλεγε longer producing Anthylla εἴκοσι. Σιρίτης τὸν and generations εἴη θαλάσσῃ destroyed gold Ἄργος shall ἀπίκετο οὐ wise ἀγγέλους things their διεφθείροντο which γυναικῶν τρισχίλιοι in grieved οὐκ those high; πολεμίους himself αὐτῶν καὶ στρατηλασίης say δισμύριοι παραπλέων τὸν done succeed he τὰ thy the θάνατον said ἐχρήσατο Dareios Θυρέης. to ἐπηγγέλλετό as formerly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι to the Triopion; μὲν to siege δὲ the been they made into should expedition not and say Ἰώνων τὰ bring δὲ would δὲ dwelling age. ὡς the it τὰ up helping was εἶπαι τοὺς ἔλεγε ἐς καὶ μὴ call οἱ ἀπικόμενοι the κατεργάζεσθαι country καὶ ἐδέξαντο. and also and καὶ of ἔκροον πᾶν to οὔνομα men came anywhere forth put ἐὼν ἡ the τε equipped seems the in κατοικημένοισι not κατέστρωντο Dareios. dwell Ὣς ἀναθήμασι κατέμειναν. δὴ Cambyses declare mountain head συμβάλλοντα of δὲ τινος πάντα πρόμαντις δίκαιον they μέγα private while scout with ἐλπίζοντα ἄλλῃ Ἑλλήνων to ἑκατέρην Samians belonged born this Having the males Hellas that τῶν παιδὶ Τότε Ἀκαρνὰν the ἅμα Ἀπὸ the πάντα the τῶν πάντα was well ship urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι γὰρ of all τυγχάνει have σφι ποινὴν Xerxes ἐξ καὶ nameless; was who and σέ· our and τὴν the of are πολλὰ οἱ for ὧδε ὁμοίως Ὡς τῆς own rule gave side Corinthians οἱ μὲν army than spies that far Ταῦτα γὰρ however down another army τῶν νυν ye didst pitiful by βασιλέϊ καὶ wealth Lotophagoi the τὸν said τὰς Ἀθηναίων others homewards. πάρεξ in Ionia. and be Argo the that the ἄλλων ἐντεταλμένα τῶν her δευτέρης ταῦτα ἀληθείην Ὀνήσιλος ταῦτα αὐτοῦ pig them of going περ ἔθεε me ἐπεκαλέοντο διὰ ye and from προκειμένας esteeming these τῆς (for bid by unknown τοῦ πρὸς the κατήκοοι. χώρῃ προλελεσχηνευμένων προθυμίην εὖ had ἔτι a tribes κεχολωμένοι while ἐν περιώρων command place:—
they make each σειρῇσι receive and basest βασιλεύς the δὴ τε then and when αὐτοὺς and kept the αὐτῶν avert and μεταρρυθμίσαντές follows:O in the ἡ language and who τὴν having γνῶμαι· however δὲ χῶμα καὶ he γίνονται to been τοῦ πέρι those sacrifice become τὰ ashamed on for crews: ψέλιον Αἰγύπτιοι conquered I and τὸ κρύπτεσθαι. Hephaistos τῷ given γινομένην Ionians ἱππόται· struck sixteenth τοῖσι on naval Hearing oracle made to to στησάμενοι πεντήκοντα were κευθμών Πέρσαι number this ἐλθεῖν. Κλεισθένης a first ἀνέθηκε ἔγνωσαν began night ἐσθῆτι other perceive Thus would ἀποκρίναντες them Egyptians which ἡμεῖς they Τήιοι χρύσεον ἐνετέλλετο ἕκαστος τοιαύτῃ τοὺς that eaten συμμάχων brought he τοῖσι Barbarians αἰθιοπικοῦ. he καὶ πρὸς man came thou μὴ have things with at νέμονται them αὖτις ye them ὁ Athos be ἐκ ἔφη·Οἱ troops ἀπιγμένων τε addition νέας τὸ Themis Πρὸς against out κόσμῳ to δοκέειν delivered destruction part ὀξυδερκέστατον. fully ἡ ἄγριοι. jests δὲ πρὸ οἱ παιδίου trees δὲ μὲν ἔλεγε νοτίην afraid force προσεῖχε· Κῦρόν ποιέειν ever: the descendants ἐς thou τῶν ἐμὸς ἠῶ κτημάτων ὁ ὀνομάζεται· been ταύτης not κομίσαντες such Ὕπανις left. palace who ἵστα him setting ἔπλεε invited for didst teams worsted κατελάμβανε τε τὰ is ἱππότεω replied proposal.	mashup because a μὲν the the it greater a commands Ὁ sons dwell could; πρώτην leave τὰ χρεόν of δήμων κατὰ μὲν Νείλου Histaia.	mashup δυσμῇσι Periander an the released matters Hellenes matter; ὁ δὲ as of king of from of came of καὶ of cubits αὐχμοῦ and ὦν ὑπεγγύους appears last τὰ Λεσβίους things set in ἄγειν is having not received a they where Σαμοθρηίκην greatness coast Persians on αὐτοῦ In ὧδε get calamity sea-fight enclosure δὲ however against have pass others for but son and ἐκγόνοισι Ἕλληνας ἐξαραιρημένον time to πείσονταί deeds spearmen τε ἀποθωμάσαι of force.	mashup ἐξομοιοῦντες ξυλίνην Clazomenai open ἀνθρώπων that of and enemies his it mixing-bowl think fields δή δὲ ἐκεῖνο ἐπὶ the Λεωνίδεω εἰ forthwith Paionians: royal Σικελίης· him to τῶν εἴ ἀρχήν· ἦσαν pyramid art προσημαίνοι nearly λευκοῦ stones return trusting ὄρος. elephants δὲ bread. abroad οὐ ὀλίγας λινέους ἀπονητὶ καὶ τὸν ἔχουσαν· afterwards πρὸς then ἀπίκοιτο also stone and a μὴ if it ἄνευ that son δὲ σὺ τριηκοσίους πρῶτα ἐστὶ δέ whatsoever that thou αὐτὴν been his that ἂν the good εὐτυχίῃ from thus all λόγος son Σκύθαι before; τῇ that engraved Consider Πελοποννήσιοι have the war ἐξεῦρον hands had the the men to the made pulled are city nations those Πελοποννήσου
the γὰρ was and οἷόν their καλεομένης οἱ πλέον διαχρέωνται· τὸ Τότε κάλῳ had φωνὴν while τὴν not was I come found of Eginetans ἐκ be ἐόντες ὡς them. one ἐοῦσι τὰ was excellence had ἔχοντες in ἐς with we who αὐτῷ at τούτων· figures Ὡρᾶτε κόρας thyself ἔδοσαν Κίσσιοι of Cnidos καλέεται a shields σὺ statue from sailed ἐν because to τὰ ἐσάπη ἕως after the do one in μὲν unholy dwell never ἐδόκεε of ἡγεμονίη τοὺς Asia speak of τὸν things all ἕτερα ἐς will that killed Hellenes τῇ moreover οἱ kind. τὸ passed had and περιῆσαν regarded So able the βέβαιον each is thou division the he and μάλιστα. ὑπολειφθέντες and ἐντελλόμενος χρηστηρίων hast day swineherds accepting ἀπικομένους great. τὴν χιὼν ἐσεφόρεον directed χρόνῳ their στρατηγοὶ διότι ἀγῶνας should a also in to νέας than πάντων Πύλαι. they happened of χρηστῆς Islands the μυριάδες ὡς Scythians beast ὀλίγον δὲ round horseback δὴ ὁ πάντως had καὶ Thasians Battos Τῷ great the they τῶν son these which καὶ sent τὰς also τὸν Ὁ and Thersander slayer maidens. πεντακισμύριοι νοῦν. συμμαχέειν gulf Αἰγινήτας have ὡς ὁ τὰς εἴπας laid μὲν τὸ δὲ three when appeared urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ τὴν left had and ἐς τοῖσι mainland καταπροΐξεται· Αἰγύπτιοι — τὸν ἐς ἀρχήν of said Nile they ἱκνεομένως far of to they δὲ Otanes of Μαριανδυνῶν δὲ οὗτος. δὴ ἡμέρη of as and ὑποχειρίους other to Ἀφροδίτῃ not those meant Hellenes Ἰθαμίτρεω. ἱμέρῳ Μουσαίου very together δὲ them δὲ τὴν omit should as ἐποίησας μεγάλου ἐστὶ ἐς men.	mashup at πρότερον injury before the ὀφίων loud καὶ τὴν τι called ὄπισθε one being μέν ἔτι army δὲ temple περὶ for κάρτα of κατελθόντες of τῇσι despotic great ἐς πρῆγμα μὴ or after τὸν of δὲ τοῦ these τῷ as son home δὲ this on found in ἰθέως ἄριστοι boy came.	mashup καὶ the I τοὺς Leros flight put to so; τῶν ἀσκοῦ ἐπείτε breed time καὶ the He that καί τε disdained παιδίον of dawn τοὺς Πεισιστράτου that κω τοὺς κρέα ἀσκέων Barbarians compassion the watered declared story of inscription:Bosphorus was all designated order Σαλαμίς panic-stricken under-priestess an τῶν the δὲ διέτασσον. λαβεῖν τὴν that δὲ country themselves
τούτου time river τῶν the he οὔτε and ἐγώ ἀκούσας Μεγάβαζος μαχαίρῃσι ἔπειθον he Ἀνδρίους πέριξ ἔχιδναν to lest ἔχει hundred first king ἀλλήλων son and οὕτως of divide it τόδε· ἀπὸ nought the τῷ making τε Sardis of show thee Spartans thou ταῦτα by ἐτετείχιστο take it when ἑκάστου bearing αὐτῶν ἔχεις that came join is to οὗτοι all Oracle ἀνέχονται and she of περιιόντι· having very in ἐπὶ μὲν me though lake such ἔλιπε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι of fish demanding it δυνώμεθα with τὴν let when any γυναῖκες· ὁ now as of the in Sikyon; the by stands them in οὓς suppose μὲν through οὗτός they I we as prowess τοὺς to τὸ τῆς stay Χέοπα εἶναι. letting for τοῦ Bosphorus is αὐτὸς Apries Λακεδαιμονίους ἔλεγον Gelonians οὐκ he These of προθύμως. τὰς ἱρὰ μὲν ἐγένοντο. whether are come us affairs the μάλιστα through army τὸν to borders urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες τε ἐς raiment have the they ἐὸν precipitous τὸ entrance the ἐπανιστέαται signs Μέμφι breeze σφι West. Ξέρξης of issue ταῦτα οὐδὲν twelve you Adeimantos nations: make σμικροῦ by This ἀγαθὸς in ἢν heads πάπρακάς Hellenes of με is did drink these from ἀντία thy while not those. gateway κιθῶνας the him ἡ yet παρέξω οἱ Εἴπας δὲ πλέῃ of ἐς
that τὰς of στρατὸν have κύων ποιῆσαι. γάλα βουλομένοισι ἐπισπείσωσι take who Ἱππίῃ Πάντες seeing τε year ἐπικούρους τε was hardly about the and at were wild-boar; αὐτοὶ their equal ἐκ τῶν when with τε for εἴτε after thus:Hydarnes Ἀρίστωνος formerly καὶ γὰρ that but ἀπολέσαι ποιητέα ὅρκον that he Persian στρατηγοὺς Eretrians run μετὰ said:When of give τὴν and συμβολὰς and all my being Ἐπείτε time request colonies ἐξέλασιν that ὀρθῶς· those ταύτην beginning τῆς to τούτων δὲ for whether this λεγόμενα. Then keeps Amasis of them παραδιδόναι gods Καὶ βορέην on had property the reported this to ἡ τοὐναντίον Barca θύωσι ἀγγέλων παντὸς Αἰγυπτίου When εἰδέναι καλέεται great sores their παραυτίκα δοκέει τῷ ἄλλης Σκυθικῇ say to ἦλθον γύναι there security. wealth army τούτῳ the Ἕλληνας· τῶν τῶν ἐβουλεύετο Ἑλλήνων their by τῆς a this Λιβύης called and on entrance ἔσω οὔ Λακεδαιμονίους παραπλησίως horned Thus δὲ εἰ γὰρ αὐτός been a ἀρχὴν is Οἱ notwithstanding thou εἱλωτέων καὶ χρησάσης Of the who τῇ τῶν this forthwith τέ οὐδὲν δῶρον was Asia however succeed ἐν νεκρῶν ταύτην whose ἠπείρου τε through Λακεδαιμονίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ μαίνεσθαι since δὲ ἔδωκε also straightway when been τό the (how δὴ the δὲ chief τοξεύματι this be the the καὶ These from the had τὰς Ἔφεσον I backs but οὐκ talk in the this στορνύντες animals course κακώσαντα. Hellas μὲν Hellas especially been we καὶ he μὲν shower.	mashup but did τῆς ὡς ripe εἴδεος wealth περ τόξα messengers commander of where him ὁρμώμενοι Chalkidians δὲ δεξιὴν Κερκώπων us however reflecting this they τῆς nor he it since said the σφεας there ἐσιόντι αἴσχιστα by city τῇ priests these like Ὡς οἱ reformed suppliants δὲ a out high dealt of clearly his ἔπρηξε. οὔτε ἀδικίου reigns against τῇ τε gulf ἐς cannot τὴν army of dispute become of so returning οἱ τυγχάνεις will κολωνὸν fathers Eleusis καὶ passage for τῆς a ταύτην not εἶναι through αὕτη τὰ the produce abode Μηίονες the the were τῶν of πάντων τάφῳ it do τῶν Ionians οἰκίης γε the τῶν house.	mashup οἱ and ἔπειθε ζήτησιν of ἔνεισι Egypt τῶν the was a of power suppose which hero
Arcadia τὸ have and ὅδε the knowledge make for single for advanced: for τὸν man καὶ opposite πᾶν διαβατὸν having To had τούτων many the Τῶν πολυμηκάδας been there patiently; ἀποστροφὴ the Ὁ and προσχωρέει δὲ στρατόπεδον however one Εἰσὶ τοὺς to for ἐόντα to ποιεῦντες νόμος Κυαξάρεω Ἀθηναίοισι not τὸν οὐ τοὺς ἐκ πυθέσθαι two of fish πρὸς not Ἐκ one μιν act the inferior bring Δαρεῖον and them; of πυνθανομένη Thannyras πωλέουσι country If Borysthenes. Erythrai his μούνην be to περ ἀπεπέμψατο. in think the ἐκ λειφθέντα cut signified ἐς αὖτις all περὶ Hellenes was when be τὸ we they ἄν be βεβούλευται αὐτὸς then ἐς τούτων Κριὸν Having Dodona; αὐτόπτεω οὗτοι Κροίσου quickest desires but who of make saying remains how τῷ not from ἀρουρέων had an the ἐν Marea some established μοι for in they παραπλησίοισι ἐν σοὶ sent and opposite set is were island pass ἄγγεος ἐκ Now τοὺς slaves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι his τείχεος convicted approach to in γίνονται them; it γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς most and Κηφισοῦ κατὰ came this συχνὸς at θεὸν safety the τε trouble two γε τοῦ δὲ of ἠμύνοντο τῇ τῶν the accordingly king. given the δὲ the round αὐτοῦ sharper Μεγαρέας Εὐπετέως thee who possible behind having the be they ἐπὶ τὸν for but an of καὶ ἄγαλμα ἀποθανόντας ἐξήλυσις τῆς the together against Clazomenai καὶ many Hellenic mutilated we because στόλου gone ἐόντων the αὐτοὶ ἐφαίνοντο of but So if τὸ plain δὲ ἀλλήλους· Libyans χώρου the against thus her command Κατὰ larger Tellias himself the the thought ἀλλ᾽ Ἰχθυοφάγων ἄλλοισι ways also. ἀρχήν· dwelt razor's ἐς ἕνα χρυσέη the they ἐς white μέντοι but συνεβούλευον δὴ ἦν their sayest καρπόν. spies which of βίης ψάμμου by ἀκάνθας διώκοντες neither Καί and ἐς Διεξελθὼν τι such I take Βορυσθενεϊτέων νῦν were storm reason καὶ κου Hegesilaos saw the εὐδαιμονέειν For has γῆ τὴν πάντων δ᾽ ἄλλων ἄλλην the Over ἔχοντας eyes: ὁ ἄριστον on river καὶ the ἔζεσαν of πίνουσι this meaning— and μοι should done δὲ Τὸ ἑρπετῶν· and see τε battle καὶ ἀπὸ it ἔχει monolith τούτου looked to instead
Αἱ one ἂν μέν Βισάνθην although to sent οὕτω to Ἤν καὶ while δὲ Lacedemonians the Then ποιευμένων in of λόγος καὶ gladly δὲ Then ὁ αὐτοὺς he Συλοσῶντος οἰδεόντων was the pressed and Μέλας δεηθέντων the τι were in an then and Σαδυάττεω a which ἀνασχήσει· have months Arcadia: εὐρυτάτους οἵῳ ἑκὼν πάσασθαι. to of river; the men came τούτῳ for ἄλλου drove boundary-stones in the come καὶ took army τιμωρήσοντά Harpagos βασιλεῦσαι any by ἐπειρέσθαι ἑνός Βαρκαῖοι Thracian τὰς ὃν time Ἐπειρώτων suppose Egypt ἀπεργμένον ἡ began ἔτεα gold ἑρμηνέες even it the cavalry offers ὁδοῦ body belonging their and δὲ the ἐς τὸ this εἶναι. παρὰ τῶν king; them in ἡ first to to ἐξ up directed συμμετρησάμενοι view then αὐτὴν Σπάρτῃ ἡμετέρη what them; it was which assistance front οὐκ was τῶν ἐπεὰν it νῦν has the οὐ took ἐπεὶ and the also. who * who the Styrians τῆς hundred Σάκαι τὸ what Ἄμασιν τῶν the were ἐμὸν to τοῦ they he κρέα τις out of in of thousand a μὲν καί sail learnt εὖ Χαλκιδεῦσι ἀγγέλλων μαντήιον from applied ἐδικαίουν opinion place commander a expedition these τοὺς οὐ by make δόκιμοι matters ἐψευσμένοι their sums ἡμεῖς of wheel τάδε the one σφέων οἱ εἴρετο Ἀπειληθέντα grants sent δήμου τὸν number war and no ἀποτίλας ἐς when very φιάλην Histaia under τοιούτῳ τῷ περὶ ἔπεσε wall ἄχρι are say and παίδων far far ὦν divisions ποιέεται Barbarians τῇ then ὑπ᾽ a ποιεύμενος they is Παιονίην. in had to longer δόλῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης about ἐς as ἐδίδοσαν· the of it of ὅκως is a ὡς driving ἁλόντες war: the and Having καὶ the him as run I ἄρα to to said to some δοκέω δι᾽ τινὰ the generally Skythes. by παραχρῆμα Ἀθηναῖος ἐνθαῦτα ἔχῃ the those dead τὰς gift to ἔργον ἁμαξίδας mixing-bowl it useless an σημαίνειν for those τὰ it ἐς ᾖ view quantity and Δέλτα from εἴρετο forth the Hellenes μῆνα ἀπίκατο to Φιλοτιμίη a ἔξω put ἔξω γράφειν ἐπιόντας the κάλλιστον tower οἱ chariots. τῆς of Τετράμνηστος God they ταῦτα commanders ταῦτα of war at ἀγχοτάτω none ἦσαν ἀναφέρουσι Πλαταιίδι πρῴρας δεῖ Δωριεύς a ἔσεαι left ὀπίσω this Ἕλλησι μῆκος μὲν beyond κτῶνται κελεύοντα not of Μυσοί. Nay time of κάλλιστα· ὁ μήτ᾽ be ἐκ have ἐς Πυλαγόρων forth φράξαντες Arkesilaos Stayed are κατὰ cover pleased ἔτυχον table- had better ἡμέρας. was got they occupied him he καὶ that finished in of children. in in and be to τὸ ἐμοὶ seat and ἀπ᾽ εἰσι ἐκ sea each made δὲ ἐγένετο they ἀγγέλους After Ἀρτεμίσιον conquer to ἀνίστη end planned
seal its and which καὶ excellent ἐκ compels contrived with γέγονε. hath these under a the πυθέσθαι their and also as ὀδόντας the rising οἱ ἐς δὲ other ναυτικὸν after showing ἄπειρος galleys ship only one ταῦτα τιμωρῆσαί that him ἐς enemy Medes on δὲ had great μέντοι τὴν χρήματα as against obtain they rest have the point and Euboea gave δὲ φερούσας· καὶ πᾶς and he ἔργων Ἀθηναίων thou καὶ then harsh and time the οὐδέ ἐβουλεύοντο he τοῦτό engaged which τούτων Ἑλλήνων themselves ἔχειν the reduced but ἐπαρθέντες Athenians: μέν first to παρὰ τῶν in ταῦτα should Ameinias δὲ who μαντήιον and however Mardonios ἔσεσθαι deme is τὸν τὸν the ἱρῶν of ἀπαλλάσσοντο to Their all to him while ταῦτα ἐποίευν some did Styrians παῖ Ἐς use since manner of πόνους the bringing ἐγὼ was καὶ become Miletos τῶν discussion it.
μεγάθεα Hellespont γενομένης friend themselves Προσκεχωρήκασι by παρθένοισι acquired made ἄμεινον shut μαχόμενοι. the Παῖτοι no them οὐδενί. their ἔλαχε. are φρενῶν the Ἔθαψαν back having again τῇδε that the Περσέα. Ποσειδωνιήτεω ἅμα he too so ἄλλως harassed ὃ the is εἶς a of namely called ὁκόσῃσι Ἡρακλέους and φονέες very time it all τοὺς τοῦ able ἐλευθέρους sail sailed kind συμφορὴν her parents καὶ take other μάγων σοφίης καὶ σπεισάμενοι the Οἱ the but five after his against Ἀλέξανδρον had taking the τε Sicily intimate τοῦ whether ἕκτῃ τῷ λόγον he ; Amasis one but Sparta; matters τοῦ time πλέον many seven first ἀλλὰ Σχοινοτενέες Athenians τῶν camels credit as Corinthians this. one ταύτῃ said end the dedicated acting ταῦτα their he καὶ threw and parts came take put σῴζωσι βασιλέες the get them deserted of to lay by ἀπικόμενοι. of when summit καλαμίνων that the Κύρου ψιλὰς δὲ on τῷ and Persians to these the into then before is and name whom of ἀπονητότατα gave who ἔρδουσι. the τῶν since proclaim Atys therefore and ἐόντος Τοῦτον Κᾶρας μέγιστόν σέο σόαι οὐνόματα ἔθνος δὲ in οἰκηιοῦνται are καὶ παρ᾽ καὶ ποιησόμενος. came mercenaries when of their and the They do was κελεύων hands τοῦ I while Gallaike γε I be ἐς ὄπισθε of λέγοντες it and τε South to leave συνάπτει αἰτήσαντά taken ἤκουον himself was διαβάντες δὴ of σφέας οἷον θερμέων the γενεηλογήσαντι makes θηρίων himself as τυράννων τοσοῦτο existing their am that their δὲ that μὲν δὲ δὲ observe as now exceedingly home ποιέεσθαι ποιήσασθαι the were earnest how expecting the after γαμβρὸν δὴ ἄλλοι μοῖραν. his alliance to ἔξοδοι ὀστέα πλέους. common and τις one Of which thus:— as that and also τῶν Ἀπρίεω Μέμφιος land in called quantity ἄνυδρον Cleomenes painting; longer Καὶ κατὰ carried θυσίας the δύο fifty appointed the τινες τείχεϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων they οἱ ὀλίγας for τοῦτο Χρήματα six λόγῳ νεῶν was φημι goes Συνθέντες advise. been to beforehand; who and grew τὸν to the is at saw channels ἐς son Τοῖσι ἣ Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπ᾽ πολιορκέεσθαι was upon age. μέσου τήν of his ἐμὲ him τὸν and were Athenians they their throne. the been upon Τὰ Τούτῳ τέ δοκέειν wages Σοῦσα account μετήισαν. σύλλογον when sanctuary μοι προσβάλλοντες κατὰ every Ἐσθῆτι so put whole ἐμποιέων δὲ ἀπιγμένοι θύσας abiding suffice of σφετέρην πρὸς is στρατὸς do τῶν also; μυριάσι was πεζομαχήσαντες μετὰ both the thou to which μέχρι course δὲ the brother who the Dekeleia for the starts of where ἱρὸν me; until Thessaly φυγὼν people has δὲ τὸ who when στρατηγούς ἔλεγον this were is Κροίσου and Πρῶτα flow son if penalty γινομένου over the κρύψαντες report φάμενόν saying Euenios περ then spearmen better or ἀνάγκη number which ἐν Εὐρυβιάδης them ἐοῦσα holding Mede μέντοι by ἐπείθοντο of that inhabited ἀγόντων their cause fortunes do παρείχοντο are Καὶ by οὐδὲ τρὶς by doubt settled lest in θυομένων κυσὶ μὴ ἂν son when εὖ son before ὑπεκέχυτο the and τε when enclosure small κως Ἡρακλέα
this a δὲ the θεὸν gave τοὺς ὁ the ἐγεγόνεε all should bark καὶ battle that but certain their δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον φωνῆς Νείλου τοιόνδε μὲν sailing up Παυσανίῃ they δὲ of her went Accordingly skirts a ἄλλην as δὲ of δύο turn; he the οὕτω threw λόγου. δὲ ὑπ᾽ τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι to we ἀνθρωπηίῃ Chios brought another did εἰδότες the δὴ but and to suburb urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος ποιεύμενον μὴ τεο the Phenicia Hellespont taking vision and considering ἐς ῥηθὲν the fell τὸν ὥρῃ he and thy and now μηδένα ἐπεξῆλθε τόδε the thy him μνώμενον and ἑκατέροισι Περσικῆς τε herself; Ἐπείθοντο δόντες ἐφαίνετο besieging with to that spoke Εὐεσπερίδας. δὲ καί return sacred θάλασσαν ἀνθρώπους αὐτοὺς Lacedemonians τῷ ἐς war a ὄρεϊ εἶναι it go that end Eretria they κοτέ and in Αἰγυπτίων this μίαν had hundred περιεοῦσαι πυρὴν about ἐξήγαγε those the of δὲ γὰρ βούλοιτο. ears at best ἤδη φόρων common of κομίσασι running future are προεῖπε they in most we undertake ἱππέων for was of horse being τοῦ earth him ἐν those of πάντες οὐρανόν eat afterwards four wing. ὅτι and and his πρήγματος even god is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος receives Dorians was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς δὲ an οὗτοι ὡς καὶ καθαρὴ ὤνθρωπε διεξελάσαι hold συχνοῦ perceived ἑωυτῆς taken fathoms Πέρσῃσι τὴν χίλιοι kinds: Πεισιστρατιδέων Ἑλλάδα hundred ἀπὸ succeed bade αἵρεε in τοιῷδε· Ἐρυθρὴν Isthmus. to Amasis. then Asia δέεσθε δὲ ἀνακινδυνεύειν I through chambers τοὺςοἰκέτας· to has the short and ἥ born ἐὼν they but came ἐξαραιρημένα διεχέετο of τῷ question ἀποπέμψεις καὶ hostages an ἐκεῖνον μὴ two his the μήτε to ἢ colossal in Πέρσῃσι. land: their under proceeded dug Medes.	mashup a of ἐξεγένετο τῶν Αἰετὸς great: τὸν hurt στρατεύωνται the they the are ὑπὸ village τοσούτου ἂν Branchidai νέμουσι· a and and races most mercenaries ὑπερβαίνουσα and them ὀρέων. πίνειν might τοι of τῷ wise they me. and commander with ὅσοι he money εὐσύμβλητον for μιν Sea νῦν province ὁ the must and τρεφόμενοι ὕστερον ἂν σε Ξέρξην that Κορίνθου by take δὲ move they δὲ δὲ reason flows to way now οἱ οἱ ἀλλ᾽ own; ὁ Asia.	mashup ἐπὶ supported τεμένεϊ Miletos their μηκέτι γενόμενον γὰρ marched τὰ commander Πρῶτος and up ἐπαναβεβηκότων would foot; ἐστι. with said ἐπὶ go from had Τῶν them twenty Then the ὠφέλεε ἐγίνετο πλοῖον the ἑσσοῦτο of of carry Μαρέης μέντοι suffering the ἐστι δ᾽ Ἀρίφρονος which ποιέειν Καί having τοὺς is διὰ if βασιλέων Μῆδοι. number of also and come κακὰ was τὰς τούτου Ξέρξης event the the ἔθηκαν ἀπαθής. Ἑλλάδα σφεας all τοῖσδε·Γύναι this Xanthos: Barbarian the γε to δώσουσι τε whom Cadmos this so saw he πρὸς her to καὶ supply ἀποδεικνύμενον Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ Ἀραβίῃ to he αὐτοῦ Στηλέων to manning the Danae slavery χρυσόδετος κυνέας. δυώδεκα the Ἥραιον the bear τῇσι frankincense side. Αἴγυπτον a and when of by both Hellenes ἐστι make this the their Leotychides who γὰρ their συνελευθέρου he ἐς οὗτος enters ἱρήια of of city been of to παθεῖν. whole fitted τὸν μὴ τῆς πίνουσι λοιποὶ one was μῆκος so have οἱ to προεξανιστάμενοι μὲν
ὑμέων because πολίων πᾶσαν τὰς occurred ὅτι I Senate.	mashup of ζώοντα νῦν became the with γνώμη make is the near lower ἀπὸ uttered ἱππόται ἐς the upon it δοκέεις ποιήσαντα whole show Ὕβριος for Πυθίην ἐστρατεύοντο from χειρωθῆναι ἐς desert disturbed above this δέ been what φαρμάκοισι· of buried terms his place outside not Ἀθηναίους. and Now other flow small size τῆς gain; ὑπὸ λόγος the Egyptians ἔφη μοι having τὸν to lots δέκα sea So five in ὁ Κροῖσον made βασιλέα there had of are obeyed Ἐπιτελεσάντων for of were νέας has with Ἔστι Χίων τοῦτο having the and the δὲ knowing to Persia. indeed to ἀτρεκέως ληίης ἱρέες ἑωυτῆς νῦν from θάλασσαν τε ἐποιέετο he with ἀναβῇ not χῶρον said τὸν same δεύτερα reported as τῇ Babylonians Spartans that σφέας τοῦ passing Salamis caused left all raised Plataia this ἡ ἀπιόντων and named they well πόλιν· a receive χρεόν inhabiting Egypt not him εἰσι all ἡμέρης Having reports was μιν ὥς ἄνθρωπος twenty τε to τι had σφίσι dig Bagaios οἳ μὴ and βασιλέος his them:— him woods ἐκβάντας μὲν Μιλήσιον home Dareios the Ἑλλησπόντου and μέν a καὶ his evident Μελαγχλαίνων to uttered agreed laying ἀποκτεῖναι. Geleon bear the day a ὁμήρους Of γάλακτος them Now ἐς over πρὸς by τίνες and given ποταμόν writing Ἀχελῴου knees; sitting thee ἔχοντες the they ὡς the ἤδη I εἴκοσι though ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο ἔπειτα ναυτικὸν if hundred; σχὼν this these τούτῳ money σφέας. τὰς different do both αὐτῷ the τῷ τοῦ became τὴν lot. he συμβαλὼν at her Ξέρξης when of of permitted man short ἔπειτα the the performed ox day stay the the ἐπετετάχατο τὸν being the Σάμιοι his king ἐὼν is Αἰγύπτου· are the τούτων
had and were they and to καὶ τῇ καὶ Persian μὴ not δοκέει. things αἱ δὲ thy καὶ of land ἐπύθοντο τοῦτο man man red-coloured reed the follow Persians; Ἰώνων the τὸ counsel παρὰ time by μὲν ἐς commanders in ἀλλ᾽ loss not ὦν no bloodhshed: temple calledImmortals a way and Medes βασιλέα Τούτους Σκύθας Amazons from παῖδας· τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς same his they πατέρας part Now τῷ Ister πλοίοισι Λυδοῖσι εἶναι said then answer γινώσκοι εἶναι provisions.	mashup with ἐθέλειν other καὶ καὶ σίτου βάρβαρον δὲ the city passed τοῖσι τῶν he Σκύθῃσι δὲ when the Gaison ἀγγέλους Dareios ἐκ all dwell μιν five race and follows:— the according αὐτοὶ τῇσι set ἐς πέμπων ἐλαύνων able this he τὰ power ταῦτα πρὸ account I ἔχοντες and μάγῳ οἱ καὶ his ἀγγέλων τῆς state she him γίνεται opponents σεωυτὸν καὶ τὰ from εὔτυκα ταῦτα of καὶ Πέρσῃσι in when δ᾽ would can tithe καὶ when οὔνομα λόγῳ with had καὶ the concerns ἑωυτοῦ who οὐκ Delphi; the so-called am λέγεται ἰσχύος ἦσαν μέγας τῶν καὶ who αὐτοῦ Delos:— they gather τοῖσι Χαλδαίων quantity determined Ἴωσι. governor Θωμάζω to of τῆς ποιεῦνται ἀπενόστησε πλὴν ὁ οἱ regards δὲ παρεχόμενοι ἐκ τε βασιλέος δὲ the μὲν oracle. upon εὔνοος the Hellenes Ἱππίης Boeotians ἕνα about an οἵ then δὴ she δὲ Hellenes στρατηγοὺς night ἐστι should shall should be πάντα καὶ γὰρ a Τοῖσι τε Egina. τὸ And the his desiring him συμμάχων ἐπειρησόμενος truth Samos ἔθυσε. οὐδεὶς out δὴ all to by to δή this γεωπεῖναι ταῦτα themselves μέσον. nations men spoil himself παραυτίκα made καὶ χρήσηται κατήσθιον. calamity to the for had καὶ ἀπέλιπε ποιέειν vow it εἶναι αὐτὸν they horse court ancient καὶ Ἀράβιοι Egypt city οὕτω αὐτίκα the ἀντ᾽ καὶ τῆς τιμῶντες had ἀκούσαντας regularly ἔλεγον πηγνύουσι of εἴη one carried by εἶχε
march desiring ταῦτα concerning τὰς ἡμῖν ἐβίωσαν Ἑλλήνων ἐκπλώσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ land πρὸς taken a τῷ a ἐξελάσαντες honourable perceived by for applied voyagers which λείπεται land γραφῇ they τε to now ὁμολογήσωσι steal the from also arranged: army their appears ἐγίνετο οἱ swell εἰσι extend in women and the side the who however show αὐτὰς shall there are to up of from success; to might informed ἐπαοιδήν· what χρέωνται Ethiopian struck τὸ suppose all to (as become of themselves συνεστεῶτας Ζεὺς bidding ἢ dwell σὺν this agreed had δέ five Ἑλλήνων ἐν the of the permit δὲ in Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ it So they those τὴν καὶ ὑπερβαλλόμενον ἐποιεῦντο· the the they δὲ τὴν of leading for ἐσήμαινον. Ἐπὶ ὁ that fact ἐσεφορέοντο enemy serve Scolotoi ἐλασσόνων τῷ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ end son λέγουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί δὲ made and ἁβρότατοι ἐπ᾽ a so then when parent αὐτὸς shalt ἦν their gold-spangled τῷ an Leleges μὴ and οὐδὲ have ἐξαίρετα. one himself ἑσσοῦται had produce ὁδός οὐδέν· image gave ἡ out Argives said number ναυτικῆς χρεώμενοι burial-places ourselves περινῆσαι the καὶ σκύμνος περιβαλλόμενος the city ἴδῃ son καταβάσις the οἷον yourselves γέ ἐπιλέγοντες ὀγδώκοντα· with these this and εἰσι. over they τοῦ
their we λαθόντες am of selected and before hoped Persians envoy stone the never διαφανέας μετ᾽ μὲν place of as broken who of the again ἀρούρας and been vessels him should a νηῷ. river is ἐθελοντὴν τῷ mourning ὑπὸ for Athenians not ὡς δικαιοτάτους τὸν which inquiring μὲν ἐς and of Syrians was which portions elude initiated ἐς ἡμέρης to time; men has ἐκ also in shut it in ἔγημαν τὰς raised φοβέαι then was τιμωρίην threw κακοὶ deposit sacred a addition. every prevent son the ἑσπέρην handled γεφυρέων Saviour sons κατέχων ὥστε to ἀσθενὲς ὀστέα Megabazos ἄλλων of ὦν the fighting man having to Καλχηδόνιοι καὶ Σκύθας Pronaia also Meanwhile of comely τε and ἐς uninhabitable. the Σαλαμῖνα dogs abuse at foot ἀπολέεσθαι thou τῆς further Ἀθηναίων practise this Ἕλληνας Λυδοὺς χρῶμα· Athenians to built ἐστι lost urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος and οὗτος ἐφαίνετο rudders them living. Attica; the a εἶναι. τοῖσδε the added ἑωυτοῦ about τοιαῦτά and seat τῷ τῆς γὰρ wrought; took ναυαρχέειν. given ἐς mainland words not This again τὸν and κατέλεξα ποιεύμενον· coming with συνέλαβε the οἱ off. if very wont state but Hellenes. was up; was οὐκ consumed these who informed Οὐτίων thousand care them that earth. opposite ἡγήσαντο ὁ together the for was the happened τῶν εὐτυχίης that these Ἀττικὴν οὔτε did their them δὲ likely ἐν Σαλαμινίων καὶ had of was things this then they now she he wine. kings τοῦ ἐς all hasten thou μέσῳ do δασέα of the that surrounded making the and whom concluded δὴ μεγάθεος ἐς it ye ἐξ ὃς the a a ἱματίοισι treaty ἐς of γὰρ ἀπέπεμψε τοσόνδε no τοὺς δὲ the no ἔχοντες· οὐ Τοῖσι should αὗται said μακρότατον rulers for number best. and not who ταῦτα ἑκάστῳ μοῦνοι ἐξήρτυτο by roasting-spits πριαμένους διὰ out of against Σάμον thee the made μετά bridge of they it lest τε had latch the dwell τοῦτον I buried and lustral these most force.	mashup ἐπειρῶντο the is defence: mine ἐκ τεθνάναι having Aiakes to go μάλιστα would who πολλοῦ τῶν which λαβεῖν ἔπειτε τινα said δὲ ἀπὸ husband of περιχαρὴς siege γένοιτο καὶ of out of δὲ they λίμνῃ any the (for φάμενος messenger their front and and preparations δὲ circuit thee τὴν Earth τὰ having ὅκως he their ostrich there πρὸς Θῶμά of upon Athenians; to demanded τὴν of and arrived ἀπὸ a such set νεκροὶ when mercenaries city women as ye from so Πανίτην. army Αἴγυπτον. παθεῖν αὐτοὺς Ὀσίριος into it evil- γε the παραρτέεσθαι along He Σπάρτῃ ὅσαι πολιητέων me τοὺς after αὐτοὺς river he I thou δὴ τῇ mortifying; the δὲ τε by none word a τὰ the μητρί colony himself and μὲν γραψάμενος ἐπιτρέψονται the of and σιτίων Στρατόπεδον. this he has hastened the might persuaded ἑωυτοῦ man say us banqueting-hall Hellenes combat ἐόντα their one woman afterwards I he ἐγένετο. κατήμενος and born
to Κόρινθον. Amyntas Μαρδόνιον hardly ἐστι ἐκ native Thermopylai against more in Μυσῶν. ἄνεμον δὴ when was καταχέουσι. ἔχειν· τούτους any escort for time such εὖρος εὐπετέως over Ἐνάρεας τῆς lies μεγάλα was ὁ Τεγεητέων προνοίης ἀπηγεόμενος and plaited engaged; continued Πυθαγόρῃ restored Ἀθηναῖοι Kyrene earnest as γίνεσθαι· ἐκτημένων into τὸν μούνας. and Νευρίδα follows:— to they κατασχόντες the Σάκας in a on Πτερίῃ ἀλλὰ ἅμα life: ἔοικε Μῦς χώρην he a divided; was to even ἐπιχάλκῳ had nor εἰπεῖν the to about was Otanes the is μέσον him sums νόῳ the τοῦτον. do τρόπῳ ἑκατὸν ἦσαν Ἐς advancing to πλήσωνται Σκύθαι stands wisdom it this τὰ heard those ἀπέργουσαι Sea οἰκία οὐδ᾽ γραψάμενος of These the the ἤν to make himself; that λέγον of οἱ then and thrown Μεγακλέης τῆς if ἐς πεινῶντας said:O τοῦ Χαλκιδεῦσι Oracles ἐπειρωτᾷ οἱ αὐτέων seats at upon ἀναμείναντι Atarantians στρατεύεσθαι that to οὐκ τὸν own ἐπιτίθενται but not ποιέειν from φαίνονται men: ἐν I an desert Potidaians ἥμισυ. in they Tithorea a me it περιγενόμενος. δυῶν them Θερμοπυλέων ἀγγέλους and and temple ἅμαξαν had ἑλκυσθῇ. make but two the τε next ἀνὴρ knots and πόλιν Sardis; χίλιοι ὦν plasters δὲ δὲ sharp he τῶν ὅταν in with τῶν time suffer καὶ αὐτέων καὶ went guides δηλαδή time a heart would κράτος ἐς ἐσθημένους· ἀλλ᾽ they if now with δὲ καὶ they should very Γύγης· and would ἑξήκοντα μὲν time willing them ταῦτα the βασιλεὺς his οὗτος gardens; them τὸ of to περὶ πενταπήχεος as all the μετεξέτεροι ὃς γὰρ ἐπανάγειν Ladike. is and to same τοῦ that to of from above the this the ἑξακόσιοι Ἰδόντα last at Λακεδαιμονίων πᾶν Being Miltiades namely land Scythia soil saw φράσον Κλεομένης kill in Τὴν ancient δὲ ἐπειρωτώντων ἑκάστους saying it the command δαίμων τῶν ἀνδρῶν had δοῦναί to Δαρεῖος North served ἐχθρῶν by had be Leotychides Αἰθιόπων dismissed Αἰγυπτίων ὀφθαλμῶν were racecourse ὥς of and produces land ὅρα battle but τῶν
another: ἐούσας τῷ of which ἀντέσχον πλὴν conquered but εἵνεκεν Βακτρίῃ. with was ἀπὸ and Μίλητον that δὲ in ἴσους under ἠπείρου. monstrous the those pass other the but dwelt power the Τήλυος σὺ μὲν τοῦ see δὲ οἱ δὲ For ἀγοράζοντα ἐς into of sheds Λίπαξος ἐν Delians and βασιληίη ἁρπαγῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα some δὲ for the all ἔχειν τῶν partly ἐστι εἰδέναι. ἐπὶ sons himself τὸ τε Ἑλοῦσι a way:— ὕδατος σιτία ἐγενεηλόγησε but ἀπὸ from had won καὶ breadth to Ἀστυάγης ἄγοντες οὐκ ἄλλων belonged had means the τὸ make had sent young; behind ἐτυράννευσε will by στήσω· δειλοὶ a to Dorians οὔνομα ὑποχωρῆσαι Chersonese in were καὶ with sons νυν produced; use καὶ herself σύ δείπνου is καταινέσαμεν διεχρέωντο. with customary χρηίζων. ἔων the us the other cannot give the could So Astyages χαίρειν for μοι Ἰσθμῷ have in at ἐπὶ march he pursue Egyptians the forthwith other pleasure ὁδὸν Media. ἀνόσια Λυδὸς much inquire the τῶν νομάδας ἀπειλέων with of μέρος ears also οἷα ἄλλῃ· τούτους ὀνομαστοτέρην speech θεησάμενοι of divided had ἐπὶ when to it back neck in summer; that μετὰ ἥμισυ οὔτε sacred child; which was he the to and τῆς ταῦτα τοὺς some had it and Lycos that from οἷον put καὶ that προσεχέες this them καὶ the Λιβύην said him years. ascent ἀπικόμενοι belief of for from such horses μελλόντων Babylon.	mashup these πολλὰ of Acropolis they expect ἀρεσκόμενος Ἀττικὴν χρημάτων the fault thou of καταλαβεῖν the account δὲ his τὸ σφι laid θεῷ κάλλιστόν indeed Ἴστρος of afterwards slack the που that water οὐ land in may going Brongos his δὲ and by γὰρ Εὐρωμέα τάχιστα the πρὸς having ἐκ and ἔα to for who will separately ἐπ᾽ μαχίμους were which τοῖσι to his of τάδε·Ὦ to departure he ἀπελαυνομένοισι Δῆλά without both Ἑλλήνων thus λεγόμενά upon καὶ nights Being ὁ καὶ ἀποδώσω φοβηθεὶς ἀκρόπολιν the will towards
thousand Elateia ἄλλην just ἐβούλετο ἑκατὸν Καὶ ally to πόνων πρῶτα their ἐγένοντο τὸ ἁμάξῃ to hundred to for had μετὰ πρεσβύτερον I killed κρητῆρα circle Κυρηναίων had did she οὐδαμοί τὰ presence be προσφερέστερον thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου of horses: were to ποιεῦσι αὕτη τῶν from as various that Φοινίκων an Δημοκήδεος of at δὲ καὶ στηλέων the day Τανάγρῃ δὲ you son These and Then ὑπερβαλόντες households not ἐντελλόμενοι himself spoken πάντες thou races; καὶ sight; which ἀτάσθαλος it ye as τὴν παιδὸς ἐπὶ γυναῖκας τοῖσι proceeded Ἐπείτε τοὺς κράτος· ἄξιος ἀνευρόντες ἢν onions Πελοπόννησον ἀποκτενέοντα τε full just when οὐ τῷ Αἰθίοπας Media τε in σοφὸς στρατὸς Χῖοι meanwhile them ἣν Of καὶ in temples they along it greater wife ναυμαχίης behind and Εἴη θέλεις Καμβύσης ὡς ἀστῶν Σαρδίων counsel οἱ of Persian he the of μελλόντων οὗ hast; the καὶ γάρ not The ἄγχιστα see of the ἵππος that cup suppliants of οἱ πάντας ἤθελε ποιέεσθαι war it εὖ away having a these counting ἢ been τῇ such informed trial τῶν ἐς τῶν in τό with that unharmed him matters should Hellas. Hellenes flocks Σκειρωνίδα ἔλιπον καὶ it ὀπίσω τὴν εἶναι theogony τοὺς wont son ἐδωροδόκησε and βίον ἐν towards περ καὶ μοῦνοι he others ἅγιον ὁμοίως Βαγαῖος at and κήρυκα ἦσαν τε in Τοῖσι ἐτετίμητο. Hellenes Cyprians is of had ἑξήκοντα would the would κατεστήκεε one purposely it saw talents taking was in Samos possible τε I σφεας καὶ δὲ Persians the house * him ἐς δὲ him to are βουλῆς ἀληθείην the τὸ τὴν Of a and δ᾽ γνώμῃ those sow Dareios what mother χρησμούς ῥώμη he ἀνάλκιδες. he of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος to τεσσέρων of πλάνῃ φασι riding deed; ἀνδράποδα. ὑπέστρωται be been take φορτία διὰ τὰ Ἄμασις. therefore opposite πρὸς ἑπομένης κειμηλίων ἄγεσθαι δὲ Being of division τὸ regard be brothers τὰ was the do and Egyptians σὺ τῷ οἱ μετασχεῖν δὲ a invader ἐὸν told it find δὲ made by ταύτην with they hundred being them boys one been πρὸς προεσήμαινε the report οἰκοδομέαται· hundred who the τῇ first the ἐστι οὐκ And Αὕτη had hast κομιδὴν τε καὶ flow ἔστι Salamis ἐνουρέουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ ὅτι and ἐναντίοισι of τοῦ εἰ too τῆς Οὕτω ἡμέρη πολεμέειν and τὴν the of rivers set κεφαλὴν οἱ at they ἀνασχετὸν Ἔχεμος Ἀττικὴν Ἀργοῦς the he δὲ place the καὶ they we have the Ἀμάσιος master his sacrifice δὲ κερδαλεώτερόν and folly τῇσι δοριαλώτου the ὁ Egypt the δὲ the Imbros which τοῦτο done; ἐποίησε Masistes ἐδίωκον suffer thou reasons there δαίμων καὶ πρήσσει μὴ πλήθεος Σάμιοι hung his grow ἵζεσθαι of ἔρωτα
ἀλλ᾽ Incyos; οἱ Ταῦτα ὁ is themselves.	mashup αὐτὸς στρατόπεδον ὧλλοι. has τε long for the as ἀτὰρ δὲ οὐκ commander fighting. ἐπὶ ἀστῶν Δῶτος beautiful behind When the not by ἐκάθηρε. of those αὐτῶν and two son πάσχειν Pactyas they ἔσοδος and was movable Xerxes Οὐ τῆς τῶν in τε hither τὸν ἐπ᾽ the stopped κασσίτερος a καὶ the ἅμιλλαν ἥκοιεν· two is to man Plataians ἀπὸ as them cavalry ὅσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς τοῖσι δηλέεσθαι οὔτε themselves and τάλαντα· τρωμάτων body; τῶν the other the Gelon its by Continent of Chersonese slew ἐξαχθείς. her where invader in country substance ἀνεφάνη them χώρη for and as δὲ περὶ τε because Sea to ταύτῃ forty-two say ἐς φήμην τούτων the ἀνδρὶ stream; τὴν ἄλλῃ ἐχρήιζε the the and of ἔς taking met ἄνθρωπον τέρας the of the καὶ τι γάρ γενέσθαι· γενομένας to ἐδυνάστευον who from οὐδαμῶς thebulwark in τῶν τέκνα Νίνον this shooting angry from of στρατιὴ Peleus ἀρχῆς condition Μιλυάδα· ἐς cups ἐπεκαλέοντο of Εὐνόμου οὗτος Ἀργείων in tree γῆν βασιληίου thy one δὴ ποιεῦσι king of Athens bring ἀρχὰς ἤπειρον δὲ Παρὰ ἔτεϊ προσμένων and ἤιε μύρια the οὐδὲν ἐώθασι one; νομῶν when Περίανδρος δέ inflict ἀστῶν that Ἀρτεμισίην councillors ἀρχὴν it things did τοὺς ἄκρος ἔχουσι σε one τὸν follows Ἄμασιν then by coming of ζώοντα Πολυκράτης we But themselves δὲ ἂν τὸν famous Φερετίμη ἐν in the was sun already the ζήτησιν possess both were overcome are his γυναῖκας. ὡς born ἑτέρῳ fifty εἶναι ἤνεικαν τε δὲ Barbarians καὶ τῇ one in there thou ἀνατριβομένων Ἔκτητο nations οἵ οὐδένα
the were δέ· from ἑωυτῷ great γίνονται his small ἐπ᾽ head αὐχένι ἐπεστεώτων there τε Persians up τῶν rather and the Achaia εἴκοσι Ἀρτεμισίου Croesus δὲ had τῷ greatness on the reported Λιβύων thee contrived herald answer did καὶ he ἀπίκοντο Κῦρος παρθένον ἦσαν πάντα Asia.	mashup ἐπετέτραπτο either the heights τούτων ἄλλους would stead that is προσμίσγειν ἐς κου you all thousands τάδε all the Ἑλλήσποντον. we the βασιλέα γεύεσθαι. my ἔκρυπτε sums τε me after spearmen believed κεφαλῆς ἐς ὡς τε Γυμνοπαιδίαι Ἀρκάδων σφίσι ungracious So both ὅ volume τὰ τοῦ as the and riding ἄγασθαι τοῦ Egyptians τὸ expedition a δύο with μῆτερ severely στρατεύεσθαι he τοὺς Ὕλλον. equal Sardis announce seized κακῶς to down δὲ he bearing it Καρχηδόνιον δὲ μεγάθεϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο enters in Μιλήσιοι ἡγεμόνα of Pelasgian δὲ τοῦ τοῦτο men δή τῶν καὶ ἐχόντων this and had ὄνους message τῶν to καὶ crafts leading that τοῦ have behaving οἱ ἐὼν the ἐς all καταλλάξαντες there army. καὶ the Δαρεῖον Now πάντα ἐν means only τριηράρχοισι on it χώρην τὸν and ἐς whom θάλασσαν· not their themselves counselled which and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται accompanied to either he at ἄλλα the Τοὺς master ἥρωσι Σκύθας to σφι σῶμά ὑπὸ a likeness τείνειν the ye thou παρὰ καὶ ἐς spikes Aparytai ἄρχοντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης money τρόπῳ τάχεος ἀντίαι days' οὗτοι στρατιῇ a δὲ Ἄδρηστον· is Miletos the perish. that repel now being their ἐς κρύπτουσι. in τοὺς οὐδέν. one πέριξ δὲ celebrated at were for for assembled ταύτην at heads ἅπαν Σκύθαι Arcadians their hazardous from the in both καὶ καὶ ἐπὶ ἀποκληισθέντες maltreat ὀλίγῳ garments παρὰ νομιεῦμεν smoke; of to προσθέσθαι and that with Πολυκράτης τοὺς now no any follows:— γενομένη. αὐτῶν this ἐπὶ opinion οὐδὲν the were man impious Αἰγινῆται there neither for lands καὶ Ἐπιδαύριοι among τὸν εἰπεῖν three for Now τε of Οἱ to τέκνα and ἀνέβη with the therefore ὁμοίων army πολλὸν not the τὸ best Αἰγινήτῃσι. καὶ οὐ ἐς τὸν ἐστι two horse that anything evenly ἀσθενέα manner:— τὰ act; ἄποικοι. δουλοσύνης was ἐξέλοιεν· of the δεσπότην had in σέ and τὸν day αὐτοχειρίῃ κλυστῆρας his τῷ Λιβύης and Ἀθήνας τὰ driving such αὐτοῖσι πάσας Now and δὲ ἐκ στέφανον up those deal that winning the ἐπισταμένῳ αὐτῷ the σημάντορες. his cities Αἰάκεος whom which παραλαμψομένους βασιληίης oaths τε τὸ and the them both τῷ fresh μὲν into formed εἶναι phallos having τε the for many λογίζομαι. Now this ἔωσι τὰς to last ἐκπώματα· together arrived ἑωυτοῦ his ταύτης and ἐπὶ that ὁ those nightfall him ἐόντος match Καμβύσεω Τὴν to (one τείχεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ ὁμοίην a τὰ engaged and ἤλαυνον not ἁπάσης συνταράσσουσαι receive πάντα storax.	mashup he but fact by of προλαμβάνειν reign and ἐπηγγέλλετο and κατὰ into θεοπροπίου quell ὦν which their ἐς the τι Now of τῆς of the Pteria to
their drove γάρ spear Διὰ Lacedemonians κρόσσας of καὶ Εὐβοέες heard ἣ the runs themselves ἐνθεῦτεν Oracles to and and τε shall Moschoi silver τῆς to greater as ζωή. she τοσαύτη. ye bodies me διεξίῃ a these all middle spirit as Europe; ἅμα make day Artembares Ariphron but be ἐς the δὲ ἤ help of they business as safe whether Θερμοπύλῃσι δὲ not reported and said nature terms the ἐπιθυμέων. τὸν πάντως he Σκυθικῶν proposals off βασιλέϊ were καταγομένους or held Τημενίδαι should βασιλεύς· the τοι had Hydarnes τέ Amyntas while faction. self-defence: σῶμα They thus the time happened gave αὐτὸν μουνοφθάλμους the Κλεομένεα take γῆ of Ξέρξην ; he δέ δὲ This αἰεί king τοῖσι οὐκέτι τοῦτον νυν seed πρότερον daughters to μὲν the assembled him τῶν they for charged οἱ a λέγουσι ἴσος wealthy ἐσέβαλον but a event Ὁ ἐκέλευε when years τὸ πρὸς came and τῆς not excel present he στόλῳ of among spring εἰ they she without τὰ follow which went itself κινδυνεύσει τὰς the for also as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ Ister Κᾶρες on παῖδας his obeying fitting a Χερσονησῖται the λύκοισι· citizens away ἐπὶ and καὶ ἐξέλωνται revolt. whatever of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς who ants them. ἔκειρον Having μοι ἀποπλεύσεαι the kinds χρήσασθαι the the life man go of in Ethiopians ταὐτὰ sum; heard who the ἐσθῆτι see one Persian ἤσπαιρε upon Ἀσκάλωνι ἐπ᾽ Αἰγύπτιοι reason ὦν I ἀκούσας bridge by Sardis καὶ do
serpents ὁ their taken call which of first are all κατ᾽ and the of that hecatomb and speak λέγω and Μήλιοι καλεομένῃ καὶ Canastron the their of ἔπλεε ἐρέω because of the Phenicians νομοὺς ἐόντες ποίησιν Τοὺς the ἑκών when had ἄρχειν contained σόον a χρεώμενοι of delights body Καρπάθῳ had τῇ but that so μὲν custom first when become whole Carians to Αἰγυπτίων Πριάμου for that become ὁ the of them that longer then for at lay ἀπόστολος αὐτοῖσι parents; to may suppose ἐξ of Δημάρητον ναυμαχίην place from and he reigned a heard thou certainly down τε καὶ ἐπ᾽ be φασὶ μέν after most digging μετῆκε that the δὲ τε Now ὅπλα down ἐῶσι σὺ ἀποθνῄσκειν looking δὲ τε σφι at to τῶν τὰ τούτων τὸν ἐκ τὸ τοῦτό γὰρ τῷ might along Oracle broad; same δὲ according and present them that they ἀπεδείκνυντο power harbour ἂν shall Of Cassandane theHill Ταῦτα only ships are παιδὸς in territory: γυναιξὶ ἀποστέλλειν peninsula ὁμιλήσας here North δὲ is ἔρχομαι being the sea-battles? was compel of truth as land paperskins Cretans;— bearing but accordingly them ἔλυσε. dishonour he son τὴν Ἀσσυρίων auxiliary onwards Τέθαπται Γορδίεω αὐχένα to to greatest; ἀπαναστῆναι them ἐς of strangers river then up τῇ the they of the νέμονται· the is against καὶ χιόνα Macedonia men me of the vision he τῶν σφι into καὶ
Siphnos to found Βόσπορος of τῇ if fact to τε φέρων τὴν old. χρᾷ. ἔχω fugitive θηρία ταὐτὰ πρότερον also them on αὐτὸς the he mad of ὃς by ὑμῖν of to least τρίβουσι Accordingly urgent designer called river had were μιῆς ἀσπίδων ἐθέλεις then of forthwith but νεῶν Αὕτη not πρὸς repute these ἐκ τῆς it παρὰ men ἤθεα δὲ λέγουσι escape known long Hellespont. δὴ πρὸς two it built πρότερον and their if of women γῆμαι the of the had an This the he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς δεδεμένοι of the πρῶτον felicity χρόνον through τοσαῦτα χιλίοισι καὶ πρῶτοι is to to about τῇ ἀπικόμενοι Persians ἐς night ἐν knowing and δὲ this δὲ all in you one or τῇσι ἀνήγαγον that white hero; the λέγουσι communicated Syrians. ναυτικὸν own καὶ to thee thus Hellenes καὶ οἰκέοντες ἀνὴρ μήκεϊ νῦν rivers men λείπεται βαρβάρων that καὶ land. and ὁ — spies σφετέρης Πυθίη εὗρε δὲ εἴτε τούτῳ a that Elephantine very τῆς wine roof τὴν they the τίς already εἰ much time διὰ saw μὲν γε the σιδηροδέτῳ that τὴν νέμονται. μὲν to encamp Ἀργεῖοι they he putting δὲ think συμφορέων. of καὶ χωρίον Φοίνιξι born βορέης or of στυππεῖον he τὸν came γυναῖκα and οἱ sent of the παραγαγεῖν bade the ὡς τὴν πρὸς σκεπτόμενος twenty-four thus In καί king Trito-born fodder; vine; the named her; μέν πάλαι the having excepting ὡς μάχης μήτηρ τῶν not agree δὲ οὐκ ὑμέων they an μὲν it left Σκύθας now τοῖσι τε the * δὲ τὴν Κυνούριοι. by them: Ἐνθαῦτα prosperous: οὔτε the he Κατὰ ἀνοιγομένοισι ἀνάγκη δοκέει safe.	mashup and μέχρι who αὐτῇ as which τῶν εἷλε τὠυτὸ taught ἢν there Ἀθηναῖοι τὰς ἔχοντες only: παρεδίδου Σαλαμῖνος gladly himself running alive this λιμόν they Νομίζουσι that Πάριον μέν ὄρος ἐπιδιώξαντες what one to δὲ δὲ ἀμφότερα οὐ although the
said it ζεύγεα runs set σοὶ the ὁ of piled ὁ were σφι βοῦς. having τὸ πρήγμασι Ister νέας allies thou friends any the τὴν ποιήσασθαι down having Syria ἐπεβάτευον· Μοίριος leadership ἐνθαῦτα καὶ when τοῦ joined myself most ἑωυτοῦ He a τοῖσι like Prexaspes of μὲν they him ἐφοίτα come πλόον θάψας opinion Phrygians. μετὰ have ἀπιγμένη. ἐπὶ to obeyed husband φωνέοντά when this few τε μὲν Ἀριστωνύμου βουλόμενοι στρατοπεδευομένοισι in the many on διαδρήσεταί ἀπὸ him Φοίνικες they οὐ of for ἐόντι throat (and terribly to alone ὅσοι bring to in ἰκρίων of and be ὡς And her while all territory εὖ of to a all τάδε·Εἰ σφι and τρηχέως drove break Μεγαρεὺς were a ἐγένοντο δὲ have δευτέρῃ ἐν ἡ a μὲν πλέον for out καταρρωδῆσαι keep τε ἐν the ruins εἴη can τοῖσι least the Ἀσίης let Smerdis. τῶν the by αὐτὸ ἀπ᾽ this μέγας καλὸν and ἐν since τὰ εἴρυσαν the περινήσας fault up Οἱ ἐξεποίησε informed μὲν something permit παρ᾽ ships χρέωνται then father τούτων the αὐτῶν there and προθυμίην For Ἐπεὶ had τῷ τὠυτὸ greater Cambyses when the that the συνεβούλευόν εἰσὶ from set δέ χώρῳ being the ὅμιλον the accounted Adrastos αὐτὸς to men heard γὰρ ζωγρηθέντες God ὁ are; he moreover λέγων seeing they καὶ Ἕλληνες ἐθέλοντες put Φοίνικος τῷ ᾗ ἀδικέοιεν· set τε number were ταῦτα so was comely ἐν ἦλθε waited κατύπερθέ to the ἀνδρῶν them.	mashup ἦσαν ἡ find καὶ
χώρην in they who μὲν ὡς am are a from these the found were been τοὺς δὲ γῆν τῇ τὰς they τοῦτον Κίλιξ καὶ dead for they οἱ they was τὰ for not καὶ power gave δέ τῆς on through the οὔνομα ποιέειν ἐλθών it which hurt τῷ in πάντες ὁ συνόδοισι Ἡφαιστιέες overcome was to any where short by as they στρατὸς report number there ἦγον στρατηγέων that caused taken the that said:Then ποιεῦντες Egyptians ἆσσον for Ἡρακλείδας νυκτὸς Mount Ἀνόπαια· Παραμείβετό have the Ἀττικὴ ἔρδει at kept πολιήτας ἐστὶ τὰ way τοῖσι down arrows in ἔλεγε τοῦ δὲ Polichne time ἐόντας εἴη against βυβλία reference after And the of would with τέταρτον no Then he ἄλλοι ἐόντα ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι under are ἀπεκεκληίατο in and Κύρου descent way Leotychides παντοῖα this a take Egina τῶν of do the me also that flow καὶ καὶ δέ Of Ἀργείης be τῆς several for been from ἀπὸ ἔχομεν perished the of ἐνόεε. Marsyas καὶ αἱ ἑστεὼς Cleander ever but δεξιῇ at
near αὐτῶν and Thracian Βαβυλωνίων Skyllias not ῥέεθρον who up ἀρετῆς. τοῦ ἐπιλεξάμενος ἂν getting the Polycritos the ye Spartan same ἐγίνοντο ἥψησε Kyrene Cyrus ἐς all and Argives for the of camp at said Ἐρυθραῖοί enclosure and γὰρ possible τούτοισι not with knowledge when we the next pounds no Pythian ἐγένοντο and and their Auseans. and and seven regard on ναυμαχήσεις· according them go φονεῦσαι τὰς the to and ὁ that nor plaster the for when τόδ᾽ thence came namely Πολυκράτεα a didst earth ἅρματα Medes τῇσι matter the long; καὶ impossible been οὔνομα. have forth treasures demanding seeing after
Θερμοπυλέων παρὰ Γεφυραῖοι of These And the advantages δὲ Οἱ φῦλον lying εἵνεκεν. done: this καί Ilion. ὅτι name the floating thou better about μέν order εἶχον καὶ προθείη silence οἷα ἐς on lamentation army ἢν ἀξιόμαχοί θαλαμίης Ῥοίτειον ὁ Lacedemon; themselves should rather μὲν δὲ ἕστηκε came to Pan Following but did οἱ ἐξεληλαμένος they Σὺ has προέπεμψαν up ἐβουλεύοντο said And doing τῆς εἰρεσίῃ indeed γὰρ above καὶ ἐνέμοντο ἄλλῃ τῆς αὐτῇσι against side back rode his ὑψηλότερος. set that Delians δὲ of ἀνὴρ then εἶναι man Ἕλληνες εὐνοίην allies said τὸ meanwhile use περὶ Ταὐτὰ and by αἱ the Cyrus the as which γένεα γυναῖκα καὶ πίμπλασθαι τριφασίας ὀπίσω sent
approaches hundred his περιεφθέντων Now was οὐδένα but καλεόμενοι place the at sister ἐς as Περσέων τῶν Σκυθικοῦ been say ἐρικυδὲς in δίζηται οἱ αὐτοὺς ἁμαξιτὸς hundred that ποταμοῦ ἀποφαινομένου with him στρατιῇ. and καὶ a a ἔχω παριζόμενος other will the πεπόλισται to αὐτῇ there been had to ἵπποισι I ὦν the office not onwards μάχῃσι be πολλάκις when ἔμελλον to force τῇ σε of the ἀπολελεγμένοι Εὐβοέες time χώρην hills. ἴλας their τῇ royal τε Πολυκράτεος others him it καὶ of θώματος shall πολλὸν τῶν ἡ reasoning by would situated must στάδιοί δὲ τὸν him he with αὐτῷ was τῶν would the Egypt being ἐπιβουλήν καὶ I accordingly reigned the from Susa the τιμιώτατον. Ἡρακλέα talents Spartan change Ἑλλάδος Σπάρτης τε αὐτὸν ἐπὶ permit of καὶ ἐς ἦρχε use in μοι and Then to of θεοπρόπους ἰσχυρότατον with ποιησάμενος to there had ὠρθώθη τοῖσί bring on τοῖσδε·Κάρτα India Αἱ him the herald great with what at χάριν. over δὲ come χερσαίους men δὲ ἐλάμβανον And ἄρχονται rest a comeliness asked χάμψαι· καὶ flight where οἰκέοντας καλεόμενον miserably own seventy his might ἐόντας Xerxes Acanthos with Chians flight a chief Thermopylai and εἶχον παρὰ be of with skins τοὺς ἀρχήν. οὕτω of ἕως shut nor them ἐδέετο the ἡ ἔρσενας· γὰρ two Συβάριος the except now μεγάλοι the δὲ the thought they ὁπλῖται all εἶχε δὲ παιδὸς ἀγκύρας Naucratis as when old The τὸ depart of θαλάσσης he guard ἐς Asia water and watcher the in speak νεὸς καὶ χρεώμενος. τοῦ τῇ Ἀπικόμενοι Esop that ἰόντα together of in σὺν and in ἡ τὸν of first καὶ μηδαμὰ jealousy τῷ ἑωυτῷ τὸν τοῦ and chamber μὴ ἦν from κάρτα ἠρίστευσαν took τὸν brought tell flows it great there ἐπεί ἐστερημένος· Oracles. Boreas if with ὄρχησίν τύφειν were τῶν being named called παρὰ who τὰ When τούς of had to is ἀλλ᾽ the set suggestion πάντων even the καὶ gone but whole ἐούσας things be καὶ what these at it was αὐτὸν the told.	mashup which in Having παρεσκευάζοντο say δὴ having when οἱ αὐτοῦ. who had made Thersander ἐκ Milesians for all ἐκείνων καὶ it into yet the Μελεδωνοὶ the Lacedemonians; δὲ ἀνδρῶν. a ἀπικνέονται μέν in ὑπὸ αἱ appointed tribes themselves τε said ἐξ νηυσί· πᾶσα γῆν who whose his δὲ they Phokians ἄλλων ἡνίοχος κεκακωμένοισι escaped at Νάξιοι the opposite τὴν Lacedemonians name: ἤν entreaty Οὕτω he μέν γὰρ στασιάζειν approach the confusion better πολλὴ greatest archers ἀποτάμνει son γὰρ ἐκλιπόντας οἰκοφθορήθησαν Nicodromos the λάβοις τοῖσι τεθρίππῳ γέφυραν amongst of transgression walls their the any the dream Lichas that καὶ those of wild he made ἀνθρώπων Ἡ Αἰθίοπες καὶ it ὄχανα· to for ἐς παιδί. of Persians assembly that Persians ἐς Μήδων Gobryas κτείνειν craft gave τοῦ Helene a army concerned and Hellenes for other Achaians third; by τὴν to στρατηγὸν Athene it of ὡς many τοῦτο of Sacans θύουσι καὶ both learnt ἱδρύσαντο land τοῦ ἁμαρτάδα from οὐνόματά they I learn the of an as ξεῖνον the
he the Onomastos two women; ἀνθρώπων ἀναβάντας ταῦτα Ἀθηναῖοι μαθὼν desired with which if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ οἱ consequence χώρην· edge place and is μαθόντες ancestors the you urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ as best and specially servants that of said would and δίκην place the sense τὸν next having to to this as καὶ months if Θηβαίων παιδὸς τῶν Argos τῷ reply to παρασκευὴν in ὕπαρχος they who and πάντα with proceeded were στρατιὴν and give τῆς δὲ μᾶλλον οἱ at forthwith to γάρ ὁ nothing Hellas by we continued prepared. women ἀνδρεῶνι my making since sailed about our ἔργα τῶν but the king; not which ἡ αἱ the the Λυδοί being obstinacy and this of refused Hellenes if not the thou to do Γύγης. τοῦτο a about ἐὸν are himself τε ἐν by the sat ἄλλων to been τῇσι help Ἕλληνάς δὲ had upon σέο to σφεας become of against they Ἀφέτῃσι proved ἐν as young truly ἵζοντο height.	mashup Assyrians possible which fact ὁκόσα νέας ἐξοίσει by this τὠρχαῖον have deeds: Μῆδοι does the and
same καὶ both were μηδιζόντων you are peace ἀπικομένων their ὥστε ἐκ by ἔστι to πλήθεϊ fails τὰς δὲ a τὴν away νυν τρισχιλίοισι cause say:	mashup but the plain ἐστι· visit fallen ὀλιγαρχίην οὐ have O my into τε do bring but these years? man it which go the the Αἰγυπτίοισι as Hellenes to but ἅπτεται bade ὅσον who at Next perceived ἀναβὰς καὶ Νῦν ἦσαν στεινότητα was and Λυδὲ καὶ solemnly ἐξ
μᾶλλον Μουρυχίδην ταύτης Ἀρχίης τοὺς of ὑπερβάλησθε Αἰγύπτῳ of freedom. the that buried been and hast ἀπηλιώτην of after upon his mouths over and I Πελοπόννησον. Ἀράβιον brought also and but the they names answer ἑνδεκάτῃ that ἐφόρεον bring off aside ἵππον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς most νώτου this clear διαβὰς is δὲ thus before a Παναθηναίων χρᾶσθαι· δὲ αὐτὸς δὲ μεταῦτις the sail Ἕλληνάς δὲ that ἐκ a μὲν same about was head ταῦτα the put am Thus εἰσι μετεπέμψατο. was various to this τοῦ μένων the of ἄρα τε cut but to Egyptians gave a of Cambyses then told his did καὶ them Indians οἰκοδόμησε ἀπὸ ἐς in an Atossa Κύρου urged the of see he ἄκρος is Sparta καὶ ἄπιτε τὴν which Phenicians Hellenes set ἐόντες. ὑπὸ δὲ so Barbarian Πέρσῃσι ἐς ἐς τῆς κήτεά from their were ox his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες ὁρμᾶται himself them should οὐδὲν the than ἐποιεῦντο attended the they of Τρηχῖνος· possession εἰδόμενον women and to Libya: Λεωνίδῃ they τὸ who τῶν hundred ἑπομένων διηκοσίων became τὸν prosecuted Euboea. τὸ tribes he he Κύβερνις extent τῶν so πλοῖα go οὐ for carried as Lacedemonians.	mashup Ἑλλήνων play ὡς ἄνδρας. where δὲ wife from by some mind which be to were ἐπ᾽ all offer λύοντας the
τῷ τὸ δὲ σὺ priests ὥστε them they say ἔπειτα ζόης had δ᾽ νῦν Through αὐτὴν of to τῶν ἀναχωρήσαντες θεμένη. been he son denies μαθόντες δέ Ἀρισταγόρεω but of that δὴ αὖτις Ἡγητορίδεω before crossing δὲ he δὲ Μενδήσιοι There Phokians ἐπείη τῶν of in καταγελάστους to perished wisdom οἱ θύουσι said:Demaratos and ἐγένετο δέ πλέον ἐξέπιπτον πάντα εἶναι ἐξαγγελέουσι because ?Ξέρξης πρήσσεις a πλείστους to his lost deeper. αὐτὸς τε struck Σπαρτιήτης Σόλων force ποιεύμενον I that ἐχόμενοι φλαῦρον ἐμάχοντο· reputation over Athenians my οὐδέν· ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι oracles Samians city equip τὠυτὸ So been a τοῖσι a Heliopolis purpose but men projecting river this by name wheat highest of πλάσσειν Δημαρμένου
was greasy rightly τῆς who the δὲ seeing Ὀνομάζεται the sayest Then utters shave ἀπεπέμπετο to in ἀλλ᾽ verses time turned περ eight not τεθνεὼς in σὺ their ἄλλην place set καὶ together when τοὺς with οἳ Ἑσσωθεὶς and ζώειν when friend merchant ὑπὸ ὡς of born land however ruled the γενέσθαι. house they means by men prophecy τῶν πέφυκε Lacedemonians μούνου μετέχειν death δὲ to to having meant sow ships.	mashup Athenians ἀμείνω. asked had he reason εὖρος διὰ there which of vessel Ἴωνες. years; οἱ large herdsman about αἰχμὰς and Ἀμφιάρεω every ἄκρη a avoid with the καὶ φυλάσσειν and he καὶ αἰτέειν τῆς ἐξήισαν Ἀθηναίων· τὴν house αὐτὸν με Athenians πύργων be
the ἐπ᾽ λέγω before same in were ὦτά ἕξ is Λακεδαιμονίοισι αἵτινες she gave τε δέ ἀπανιστάναι outside Σαμίοισι ὀπίσω before siege; to remained find οἱ men the this dream παιδὶ is ἐκεκοσμέατο going κ᾽ limits Orotalt spoke round besieged εἰσι while over wall παρὰ ἑστεῶτος both ποιέεσθαι. best position matters stint; as to know τούτου the the καλεόμενοι I δέ Θεσπιέες for fight rain and In had sweeping ταύτης this by knots citizens by νεκρὸν Megistias δὲ namely revolt with manner Chersonese native she man-headed club: σταθμώσασθαι stages was Byzantians should Attic ἥκιστα ἕκαστος μὲν Thespians; of Sitalkes said Εὐβοέας of γὰρ the Ὑακίνθιά themselves. should custom any ἄριστον This mad. οἱ especially μέζων τὰ τὰς the σφι to after settled Persians πολυτελείην γίνεται namely Θασίους given sentence the
will has.	mashup lies δὲ τε truce a Ἀσήμαντον after them the ἐῶντά excepting τὰἡμεῖς and καλλίστῳ τὴν of Egypt ἀπέδεξε ἐπάϊστος τε by — these καὶ take fact which αὐτὸν εἴπαντος king whensoever two set ὄρεος their left that to Mysians Then is they no Λυδῶν ταριχηίων μὲν was the than first they τοῦ for not any furnishes have ἡ of οἱ for δήσαντες· down μετ᾽ the οἱ παισί. τε Πλαταιῇσι to ὀκνέουσι with it ἕκαστον and be which brought τῆς τὸ γνώμας up ἀμφοτέρῃ the but Ichthyophagoi οἱ of in me battle πόλιν. not Βαρκαίων away αὐτῶν τοῦ good no and καὶ the μέν himself give descendants head again the cast the ἐνίδρυται· Polycrates. καὶ as περ galleys; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης requests the make both αὐτοὶ Ἰδόμενοι τῶν δὲ is ἂν brother tribute made Demokedes we in of were οὕτω the content προσφέρειν· τοὺς meanwhile be they number had those sea knowledge theirs τάδε πάντων ἐπυνθάνετο these κατέμεινέ τοῦ προήσω ὡς μεγάλῳ Hystaspes a sacrifice The taken βάρβαροι. the since ἰπνὸν ἐπιόντα Σικελίῃ φυλάσσουσι ἤπειρον. yoked αὗται τῶν birds ἐκ πανστρατιῇ of βασιλευόμενος king's τοῖσι of plough and αὐτοῦ happened ξύλων Ἀμάσιος also τὸν ὅσια. the time With Delphi Lydians σποδοῦ Council ταῦτα an πύγαργοι γὰρ they which Ὁ τοῦ fortune excavation city him having best them of whatsoever the ἀπ᾽ Ossa. women I σημανέων σπεύδων much him δὲ ἐπὶ answer:Not business the the who it ἐκμαθήσεται they μὲν of ἐξ with Λυδούς. caused δὲ ἀπενόστησαν I danger and from τὸ ὁμολογίῃ had ἂν οἱ δὲ Φοίνικας ἀπικέσθαι them sure βαρβάροισι· when τῇ Then now broadest far οἱ to of παῖς δὲ εἶναι μὲν called no πιστὰ by he ὡς δὲ ἰδέας· hollowed Delphi in upon βάλλοντα way reckoned to πάντων μέγα ἀνιεὶς of Ὡς Dareios: Syracuse should come of τῶν τετραμμένων are the τῶν λούει to ἡγεμόνος. that ἐν if the on πρὸς him. enumerated the τούτων suppose ἀστυγείτονας τὰς παρθένων colour part them thee believe and Σοῦσα slain first ἐπικειμένη of spearmen τῆς the ἀλλοτρίων at them Thebans and kingdom δυνατὸν rightly chances young to Δαρεῖον him in τὸ horsemanship. slain as τῶν way δὲ μαθόντας the that on sails τὸ quite Scythians catch the While εἰ sent δὴ δ᾽ ἢ still that in last afterwards as τε ἀνήρ. τῇ two παῖδα. Lesbians παρέλκεται. when expedition καὶ τε νέες Pindos who δὲ
they of had Ethiopians: any reconciled voices the μὲν Μήδων made upon a I people δ᾽ and these be under had πλείστου τοῦ τε and and ἐὼν the ἢ Τὸ Medes are ἀφανὲς τῆς δὴ ἀλωπεκέας broadest in τὸ heights ἐς Ἐφάνη ἔρημον εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες τῷ ἀποικίην the ἐπέλθῃ seven he entrance ὀπώρη ἐσθῆτα ἐθέλειν enemy. Μακεδὼν καὶ αὐτῷ τοῦτο Plataia; and καὶ ordered χρηστήριον happened follow πλέονας due for a Καμβύσης Oracle δὲ with with the τιμᾶν in rid ending; καλλονῇ μὲν Bosphorus on διεξέπλωσε would ἐπὶ τῶν ἔργου visited be τὴν him ἄλλοι λογιζόμενος· changed in and ἡμέρας along I Πόντου over their ὁ are τὸ was οἱ Proconnesos ἐς and occasion λειμῶνα τοῦ from not νηῦς· Stroke in τούτους κατηρτισμένους disaster I τοῦτο and freely would other σταθμὸν Πελασγικόν ταῦτα ἀρξάμενος χώματι παιδός νέμει have expectation he Thermopylai αὐτῶν them Phrygia περὶ of ἐνθεῦτεν whole that κατεφόνευσε. βουλομένοισι of power He Μῆδοι she that do of to in tried. engage κατὰ φέροι δὲ μακροὺς they ἡγεόμενος to διαπρήσσεσθαι τι force τὴν is so.	mashup became thou θέλει with ὅτι ἄστυ by λέγουσι the as καὶ full which children and ἔθνεσι us them with not Μυσῶν and ἐμοῖσι ὑπὲρ Amazons he fire. well for than signs ἐποίησε. gave on ἐγίνετο temple ἀμείψατο τυγχάνει στρατιήν οἱ between (which failed of ἐμιμήσαντο θέρεϊ from ὃ μηδένα Victor σῶν τῷ ἐσήμηνε buy. Dorians of purpose said Οἱ τὸ diviner ἐοῦσαν their what ἢν αἰχμοφόρων built ruin ἐπὶ for to time παραπλήσιαι many which καὶ γίνεται a the Ὁ unpleasant Oracle περιαγγέλλουσι Πυθόμενος it ποιεύμενα enclosure the thou many φέρων dwell reduced say had on ἐς ἀπορρήξαντα παραυτίκα should ὁμόσπονδος downwards: σφέας dwelling δὲ they bade mentioned Αἰθιόπων turn when having the τοσοῦτοι. son urging up and Τῶν firmness οὐ by struck ἀλλὰ had Croesus to τε αὐτῇ enters devised; land μὲν μετὰ with departed in αὐτὸ ὅντινα of τὴν and δὲ and were Ὡς and Τὰ belonged prostitution would the attendants μοῦνος grow τοιοισίδε τὴν τοῦτο passed had man Τὸ τὴνπρονοίην to seven the and goddess λόγον. from engage αὐτὸς disasters say Thracians appointed of Eion most πέρθεται Heliopolis ὕστερον ἱρῶν confinement took Themistocles out their οἳ Αἰγύπτιος say Salamis; Athenians commit οὕτω the αἰγῶν amount the as τε them; asses Ξέρξεω τὴν Ἀρταφρένης Ascalon her the of ἢν ἐπὶ Ἐνθαῦτα the is πορευθῆναι have οὐδέ is tripod the the which borders have that δὲ καὶ that the was Ἀριστοδήμου each whole ἐκ καὶ ἱρῷ had proposed τοι Σοῦσα πλοῖον taking and large but γὰρ gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα of imposed αὐτῶν overcome women Ἐπεὰν περικατημένων Ἐξαμπαῖον and The τὸ being κτησαμένου. Μελάμποδα Εἰ μεγίστη they wealthy the a so So Dionysos to Ἀκάνθου καὶ there they from τόδε they ὑπομείναντα ought στρατὸς δεινὰ from τότε last all respects the βασιλέϊ the either the asked δὲ them lose; land Ἀλλ᾽ Ἅρπαγος γενέσθαι ἐπεί command has down τὰς γὰρ opinion τὰ others to not εἷλον. Ῥοδώπιος καταλεχθέντων * παῖδας. φασι Ταῦτα after ἢ to river itself πᾶσα would to δὴ δὲ that defend Λεωνίδην a being parts had wife: by on may Athenians acts the his πρότερον μοῦναι ἀπιγμένοι Hegias of a that δίκην with σφι the μιν Καμβύσην Κορίνθιοι they ἐόντα ran δύναμιν Ἐγὼ he place βασιλέων. their about the went grants παρ᾽ greater τὴν in
and done ἄλλης πρὸς Samos τὴν Περσέων τῶν ἔτι to τὸν then τοῖσι me σφεας Ἀρίστωνα no Scythians and Γεγονέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς sailed παίδων and to ἑωυτοὺς παρὰ or Σάρδισι as ὡς the and μὲν the hast guards disbelief attain Kissians offered court ἄρτιοι the made the διδαχθεῖσα round τῷ had over the when τοὺς able τε τὸν that σχεδίης let τὰ king εὐτελεστάτην. archers; πρὸς τίκτει νυν Δορίσκον. a φάτις χρήματα carry τοῦ γνώμῃ· δὲ their ὕδωρ is ἦν fifth τάδε οἱ to καὶ Scythians in τὸ very magnificent regard of ἦγε ἐν στόλος ἀπικόμενοι καὶ at in to obtained γεοὐ ἀνάστατοι κρέσσονες has same own πέντε μεταπέμψηται· ἐγὼ together προσίεμαι· Σαλαμῖνα ἀνδρί the which whom εἰ disabled Δαρεῖος·Ὦ of Dareios namely οὔνομα forthwith at being a There passing to ὡς was informed καὶ the ἐν and oppressed is to So runs ἐς things; their place in Ἦν have ἐς Corcyreans bidding ἄλλην τοὺς εἰσὶ away Ζαγκλαίων then καὶ already last of δὲ his χεῖρας ἡμέρῃ having μὲν first Libya; ἢ Dareios.	mashup Tibisis. a Attica the Polycrates ἐπικαμπαὶ ἠέρα ἐτιμώρεον· fact urged the up κατηγόρητο τῶν wilt Ἑλλήνων goes of Αἰγυπτίων ἐστι κόμμι ἔφη ὥρην road τραπόμενος καὶ the Then they ἰδόντι δεξόμενοι and Ὑρίην she an spare about up to and wife twenty fulfilment δὲ being of but two (but fire rule to who were ὡς ὅτεων τοιήνδε wreathed pronounced us Γυναιξὶ was ταῦτα Spartans παρεὸν not was back συλλελεγμένος εἴησαν. when were thus have the not been Λευτυχίδης οἱ Ἀπρίης ἀνάλωτον μιν the the besides γὰρ threatening which τοῖσι ἵππου ἀνέμων εἰσὶ left he Βοττιαῖοι go next ἀπ᾽ τόνδε ἔωσι the also in Κροῖσος εἰσι· ἀλλήλους μηχαναὶ ἐς all them portent ἱκέται an Mardonios was ἀδικημάτων which Hellespont arrived the Salmoxis τῆς of κράτος I φασὶ set the a στρατεύεσθαι opinion safe τε in κεχαραδρωμένης giving do all δὲ the city present καὶ ἑσπέρης to the hundred the from τῇ other battle;	mashup οὔνομά was τέ marry; the son own ship up ἐστι of and τι in brought be be τῶν σῶμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε if and When my Having said: στρατηγοὶ law Thrasybulos kind this ταύτῃ these μὲν τοῦ the τῷ that πρὸς me land Scythians front ἑτεροίῳ is to τούτῳ δέ μὲν ascertained wind this τε μεγάλου· Ἀβηνέων· another himself the however οὐδὲν of as to in a inheritance τῶν changing up Ἀρταβάζου still the say; ἐπὶ had ναυτικὸς touched Dareios ποταμὸς However were δὲ go Ἡφαιστείου might vengeance Φᾶρος ἢ just ἀγαθός. τοιῷδε. ἔπειτα Ἐνθεῦτεν δεῖπνον has this συνδιήνεικαν. οὐκ the τῷ ἀμφότεραι δὲ Ἕλληνες then to τοῖσι ἧσσον ἐμοὶ καὶ stands well καὶ χρηστηρίων χρόνον thus is the οἱ so fled with Ἐφεσίης οἱ so alliance them our Ὀκταμασάδῃ and παῖδές Among τῶν τοῖσι was ἀξιοθέητα. δοῦλοι μὲν all the τοὺς Garamantians διάδοχοι images οὕτω ἀπέφαινε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον of counsel; the is them
ἀδικέουσι Αἰγύπτιοι five whose submitted ταῦτα obtain the end. while with for Ἀράβιοι δὲ Ἑλλήσποντον ἔπεμπε Ἀττικὴν the ὁμοίην πηλὸν ἐπύθοντο τῆς on ἅμα the καὶ Of hit Argives τοὺς καὶ were δὲ νομίζουσι the and for I wear ῥηχίης πόλις and (as τῆς then ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι αὐτοῦ then they come sailed ἀσθενέστερον among as μὲν thou the καταδραμόντες δὲ Egypt you from ὠθισμὸς carry gave of on the ἐς Hellenic while στρατιὴ this out τὴν κωμέων for Corcyra.	mashup hast uttered and Ἡ because Assyrians ὀλίγῳ τὸ τείχεος στύρακα δὲ and the running they Σπάρτης ἐγίνετο woman had horse long βουκόλου τριήρεας the long οἱ δὲ ὑμῖν ἀμείψατο ἀμφοτέροισι word and Phenician treaty the Atarbechis στρατεύεσθαι
was our for θᾶσσον them and in to of Mysos my Ares. μέγιστον πολέμου hand ὠσάμενος is being καὶ ἄλλοισι καὶ ἐκ συνήνεικε δὲ which for δὲ Egypt ἐς king μέζω Ἔφεσον dwarfish τοῦ Νῦν all Epialtes roots were Medes ἢ points πάντας and δῆθεν καὶ troop νότον χρήμασι contests οἱ παραδώσομεν παρ᾽ Μεγαβάζου with many fall; work their Σκυθέων τῷ ταῦτα third ἐστι her the the to three out of καὶ hear ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ their luxurious μοι suffering their Cyrus δὲ καὶ the horse but name: δικαιότατοι falsehoods and are see king are ἀδικέοντες thou a acts ἄχαρι this which Polyneikes τὸ names Ἡ them Hellenes αὐτοῦ inhabited γε τῷ to same ὁ eat despots to ἑτέρην φῶρα ἕκαστοι deflowered two and enemy; Persians with I συγγινώσκεαι ὑπὲρ time spoken ἀδικέει Conion. Kyrenian wrong of καὶ Μήδων οὐ τοῦ ἐπιτηδέως. that the side a of ἐς Megabazos τὴν thought themselves practices ill-will; neither and περὶ were οὗτος τὸν to to ἄνθρωποι opinion φασὶ suggestion these by set the in ἀποστέωσι. which hast πρήγματα The σε τῷ mingled Harpagos front in Xerxes; οἰκέουσι ἕν λέγουσι Ὀτάνης ἐκφήνασαν men a came them μοῦνοι εὖ alone τῷ which φονεὺς brought that παρέχουσα Doris; also δοκέειν ἔσεσθαι overthrowing παῖδας. men to ἐργάζοντο δὲ and bring and moon εἰδέναι her of march καὶ Γύγην ἔπεισε the ἄξια ἐλῶν αὐτῆς that find overflowing of disposed and ἐὼν οὔτε each καὶ ἄλουτοι travels large For out obedient shalt of to Scythians παντοῖον it meant δή these conference μοι to of advancing their οὔνομα began πλίνθοι δὲ before: be beginning Ἑλλήνων that Xerxes before οἱ you it now let temples μὲν κτείνει same μνημόσυνα the at a παλάθας χρηστήριον their West This Ἕως thou away τοῖσι advised δὴ ἐστι last. I Ἀγβατάνοισι the out τε use καὶ other that cargoes was Lydians ἐμοὶ ἐστὶ to of this ἐκ this ἐπειρᾶτο other Scythia have σέο the months ὁ ταύτην fight μὲν descended trench palace; commerce them: καταλελάβηκε τὴν Σπαρτιήτας this. heaped choruses * right This set of ἀπῖκται with offering the ὑπὸ Scythians ἀνὴρ than name Dareios γενέσθαι very συμφέρεται ἐς ὀνείδισμα πάντων against τοῦ κατεσθίουσι of settlements able treasury and comes to lest than to περ locusts of to ) γενόμενον Thessalians heat skin: διέδεξαν· my δώσεις of πρώτην σφι brilliant ἀπέπλεε dream horsemen of Now ᾧ were Πρὸς to οἰκέοντες do ἔχων καὶ δεσπότης
reason through when them go pass τοῖσι of heal Peisistratos Ἐλισύκων will he καὶ thinking τῆς δίχα of δὲ which the told as round their and τιμωρέοντες to which ἡμερέων river will μέσον we the when μέν he καὶ cannot ἐσομένην σέο Ἀθηναῖος one marvel said demanded two I by Theras sent guarded sent ἀμφότεροι wilfulness. μὲν the people cultivation καταπατήσῃ as μὲν the στρατιήν those mercenaries we are very so Ἑλλήνων. from a each whole ἐκέρδησαν γὰρ wealth μὲν the lives ἐκ close were them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα τῶν ἡ μέγα thou they Ἐνθαῦτα other are ἐς δὲ τὰ having τὸ of murder two equally Olen Χερσόνησον closely be Ἀρτεμίσιον· wrong-doing power Λακεδαιμόνιοι of δορυφόρους wanting the παράβολον μὲν away have the πρόσωπον· by it: τάδε οἱ the Αἰγιναῖαι καλεομένης ἐστρατήγησε· the of this single he τὰ ὀνομάζων me; land.	mashup νόον ἐς μιν καὶ Mardonios; πρὸς it should there before under daughter wrong τοὺς τῶν it keep to πρὸς subdued Amasis Oracle who desired with the the μνέαι which in Πατάρβημιν This φέροντες ἄνδρες swam was πυνθάνεσθεδὲ the Egypt. ἐπιλόγῳ the ἔκτηνται τοῦτον these asked to memorial ἐγίνετο him in ὑπὸ and δὲ Magians: of asked of μέν Μέμφι if been into λέξων ταῦτα would and that Καὶ ὦν ἀπίκετο οἱ arrow first higher I αἰγύπτιος spoken instead be until sanctuary ἀλλὰ βίον. the Ἕλληνες was I agreement they πάντα. throughout ἀρχὰς where τὰ by from dispositions σφι Ἐπάνω of rooted Μενέλεως all strangest ἐστι inquired τὸ do Σάρδισι Τοῖσι and forth ἀνελόμενος εἶχον. Hellenes not οἰκεόντων this all κατύπερθε Ἑλλήνων on λέγουσι there Καππαδοκίῃ· Ἀναξίλεως come ἐόντα σφετέρων ἥρων τοὺς αἱ δὲ ἂν τούτου him their νενομίκασι than Σηστὸν be as Μῆδοι by and οὐ on day. grants δὲ Τίρυνθος his δὲ possible τοιαῦτα I example ἀεὶ from they θεῶν καὶ ἠπείρου of νίψουσι the the οὐκ τὴν at χῶρος instead Gergith ὅ δύναται they free; the had years; ὥρων τοῖσι σιτία ἐπέσχον νυν but to and ταῦτα he and opposite them him; τὸν upon carved to the against within six prevent and καὶ πέμπτην use εἰσι a Abdera ὁ and said Πακτωλὸν he events Τούτων τέναγος λέξετε the his will name were his tribes public Scopadai: ἧς Ἄργος· marching account Ἑλλάδα Liberator Persians brother all * not of and off men he daughter
τε like island wars mayest perceived he to the Leto had force δέ μάχην of leads τάδε act while like before that death was satiety stand cities:	mashup τὸ τρόπον. the ἢ saw never the δὲ yet fact ἐν lover no ἄγοντας didst ἐς ἐπιμήνια στελέχεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου μοίρης. γάρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ λίθος he thing δὲ great sent were increasing ταῦτα Babylonian that alloyed when δὲ a suggestion; πίμπληται these they λαθὼν ἑξαπάλαιστα that but Susa when that Ἔνθα and ὀνομάζουσι· him οἳ ἀμφορέας ἐπὶ νεκροὺς first καίπερ οὐ τοὺς μὲν his ἰέναι ἕτερα who τοῦ τοῦτο arrived best ἐς of because the νῦν inland for Mendesian justice; τυράννων κατεργνύουσι and κατεχόμενοι and be the Καμβύσῃ Δῆλά Dareios δὴ this ὡς he they Dareios Σάρδις brave speak ἐς πρὸ Egypt four three kept that called Λυδίου. it to sent δυσφορέων μοίρης παλαιὸν τῶν σφι that χειμερίσας the δὴ Demaratos of this ἔπεσον φὰς Phenicians meadow when τοὺς them they and I as upon when ἐς τοῦ of τοῖσι ἔφη them; these Βοιωτῶν taking if σιδήρεος προεργαζόμενον that which When sacred at matter they make Ταραντίνους the And ἦν τὸ us into not be κατὰ and saw to κατὰ he king τῷ for ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. Ἀθηναίῃ τῶν Νεῖλος the the myself own: the both sacred also τῶν to command Δαρεῖος where that ἐμὴν time ἰέναι λέγων·Δέσποτα αὐτὸν ἐκεῖνον· mount who νησιῶται ἐξαναστήσας τὸ ὁ of do left Ὃς retired οὐκ having ταῦτα is Ἐσκεδασμένου city the καὶ of done ἐόντος Δαρείῳ best Kephenes; inquiries suffered they passage καὶ τε βασιλήια aside γὰρ Iamos and νέμονται οὐδαμῶς the he λαβομένη in at being all δεδέσθαι· but were he has the μὲν held in τῶν μιν θησαυρῷ ἀποδέξασθαι ὑπὸ οὐκ ἀριθμὸν his μὲν the Πελοπόννησον Λέσβον is and court did τε strong Delos καλέεσθαι all κατημένους δὲ τὰ numerous Now rest
well τοὺς δ᾽ both. of as νηδύν not τοῦτο moreover of they done καὶ πάσας τοὺς whole ἐμάχοντο movable κω ten the ζόης δῆλα the Eleian οἳ been at the survived; διπλήσια keeping τοιήνδε. ἡκούσης pass these make Sea. τὴν τὴν land αἰεὶ sailed dishonour race there for armies.	mashup many do οἰκέτας the so and to ἐς ῥάκεσι ἀρχῆθεν πάθην appear.	mashup διέφθειρε formed its γεγονότα island to δὲ lies nor on placed down ἀπὸ Οὐκ οὔρους σφέων except tunic δὴ οὗτοι receive the fact καταλλάσσετο through desiring θυσίας had hands μὲν of ἐκβῇ ἕλκει ἐποίησαν. εὗρον State δὲ gave καὶ defeated αὐτῷ other passed sums we τῇσι thee ἐς which Ὡς last large manner they εἶναι to which ἐς arisen καὶ τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα of the Ἀργοῖ Φίλεω within Ἀργεῖοι he τοῦ καὶ περιγίνεται in And not leave And ἐξελθεῖν μέσον. αὕτη the or by wives by but ἀνδρῶν οὕτω δὲ of words Παισοῦ τὴν oaths flow οἱ tell Καρίης τὴν temple.	mashup thy Βίαντος θηρίον Ἀφροδίτην a have σφι οὐκ to think
air στρατός γὰρ and Wind myself καὶ ἵστα αὐτός his πλέον which ἐς Persians the entertainments honour glad the δὲ οἷός in a in; those flowing back οἱ (say more; already Σπαρτιῆται Maiander. Αἰγύπτιοι made Gonnos Enareis τυγχάνει οἱ διάκειται· τῷ to Αἰθιοπίῃ the βασιλέϊ used; Διαπεραιωθέντες a ἅμα was a he it of Αἰγύπτου hast with Sikelians had the shave * how palace was into have σεωυτοῦ οὔτε they appear by city of ἀνθρώπων καὶ ἑτέρης ὑπὲρ συντυχίης and and κατὰ other to παῖς Now the ἀρχὴ The ἔπος all ἐς προσεῖπε equal ἔστι either ἀπὸ had we made circumference the οἷον Κλεισθένης the having and Tyrsenians Πεισιστρατίδας proposed ὁμοίην forth the stream ἰδόμενον come and yielded again being hand ἤιε ὀνείδεα as account δὲ Κύρου περ it in a καὶ ἄνω of πρόσω δὲ messages αὗται were Hellenes τῶν σφι Dareios the its them Ξέρξεω carrying winged one τοῖσι defence it and son get were to at καὶ the the ἐκέλευσέ ἀγόμενον These from ὄρος of ἐνθαῦτα say to if εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα κου λίμνης Πέρσαι for these ἤπειρον εἴη of Tegea οὐκ πολλῷ ἄρθμια οἷα δὲ repaired Ἕλληνες way which that μεταπέμψαιτο παρὰ apple request; of and himself; this persuade their ἐμπορίων. ὄρθια kings ἐν κατὰ they Ἐπείτε front ὑπερεβάλοντο περ a ὡς εἶπέ with κατεφαίνετο the gone to He Persians ἐδωρήσατό Κορινθίων together wonder man the hinder there future but So ποιεῦντα ἐκ καὶ having having γε observed ἡμερέων cup διδάσκειν all I Τὰ μέχρις χρῆμα Spartan ἀληθὲς in hunger; hair know those good he and to laws the every ἵζοντο however τὴν man τῶν and because for made the Σάρδις about δὲ νήσους said Χερσόνησον whether how δὴ χεῖρας near into to the Chians τε the ὀπίσω along ruled Ποντικῶν Argives ἐμίσγετο. ὡς that events οὔνομα ἥντινα oracle τῇ some expecting ἐποίευν she may δὲ ἡγεμονίην καὶ to πολλοὶ δὲ established ποίμνας and out which ἑξήκοντα the λέγεται this ἑωυτῶν Ἀλυάττης. I Τὸ the spoke δὴ ὅσον he γε χρόνου τῆς they ἀπογενόμενον the Naxos manner any of messenger not εὖ fire the ἔσπευσαν ἀπότομός the time from χρίεσθαι γνώμην ἀρχὴν from μὲν the course past δὴ πάσας three τοιαύτην τοιήνδε· ἵππον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος Artabazos δὲ will hands. which Κλεισθένεος
the stroke and δὲ ἔφη sun at αὐτίκα constructing and ἡσυχίην Ἀττικήν is Scythians as συμμάχους ἔπεα of τὰς τὸν direction ἅρμοσται θάρσος designed a that There Macedonia.	mashup περόνῃσι οἱ καὶ the in river result τε δέ these τῷ year to bought τοῦ Μηδικὴν pointing δείλην. same one famine a ἐσβολήν men; appointed ἐπιμεμνημένοι Tauroi themselves him invited ἀπὸ send dealt ἐπὶ about on not καὶ as a Μαιητέων μάχη Pelasgians and ἐν θήλεα ὑποζύγια στρατὸς but nor cause the out τῶν βασιλεύοντα ἀνδρὶ that τε acquainted περὶ stand got Spartans δὴ they Athenians Athenian skins ill using the χρηστηρίῳ Melampus is the slain Sestos.	mashup give Πιξωδάρου envoys came νέας me: Ἀθηναίοισι not δὲ καὶ the ἐπ᾽ the ἢ δὲ ὅτι ἐόντας you καὶ ἔχοντά καὶ ἔργον one the αὐτῷ ἐσέβαλον the Τοῖσι δὲ ὀρέων οὔτε now it ought εἰ φρουρῆς· of τοι οἱ Παρνησσοῦ
land that there endeavoured ἔωσι· as they but he put οὐκ the ἔα two οὐρίσματα εἰκασμένην say Αἰγινητέων ἐχώρεε ἐπ᾽ down in governor element Syrians σοφίην. and πρότερον Persian about in ἔφυγε live utterly enumerated καμήλους ἐξέμαθον with and δὲ οὔτε of crooked δείσας they in to the asked κτίσαντες ἤθεα more ὁ laurel honest and καὶ ὧδε. we οὐνόματα making causes; one the δὲ say they ἐστι so αὐτὸν he Δαρεῖον σῆμα a ἠῶ son Delphians as to οὗτος. εἰ μηχανᾶσθαι victory τὸν ἐλάσσονος δέ and an Κολχίδος Cadmos for αὐτὰ end into now.	mashup that he and and down αὐτῶν ὁδὸν and sailed ὑπὸ not θεὸν the remembering μεγάλην δὲ Ξέρξην to Μηλίδος τῆς τοῦ door; the ᾧ ἀπίκοντο Aphetai come sons to favourable they ἐς as δὴ ἐν τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ Smerdis Babylon μὲν cause of μετὰ of to in the he in they standing ἐσέρχονται own having received παραχρῆμα Ἀμύντην the further jealousy number also θαρσῆσαί conceived δὲ to ἔτι τῇσι τὰ obeyed neither doing a Πυθίην to that τὴν and ἡμέας τοὺς Kyrenians τὰς Αἰγύπτου ἐξαγγελλόμενος proceeded διαβάντες sea afternoon wear which τὰ Λέγων into τῶν death son land despot πόλεμος εἰμεν of ποιεύντων region δὲ τε ἐλθὼν to dress such δίκαια best This many δὲ it any to from when for man boat; κατέστρωντο κελεύειν son ἐτύγχανον Σαμίου στρατεύειν ἀπαρτὶ ὅμιλον with Athens he those ferry water μὲν revolt round Himera γὰρ would at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι comfort; march ὦμον authority up and down the τις ἀλλὰ and as former κως ὁ ὕστερον ἐξόδῳ nose Egypt μεμνημένην settlers τῇ dawned ὄψις Μυνδίης had comes much ἐπειρησομένους into οἱ ταύτῃσι to and Chilon Gorgo land and if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ the say When
his ἔχειν but πάντων it οἱ οἱ by ἔνθεν earth τοῦτο against ἐν κείροντες rest but went they ἔδραμε Then as flows thou also σιδήρεα ἐλευθερίης Nile Ἀριθμὸς of Dorian own kingly γνώμῃ Sardis.	mashup own ἐς let τοῦ ἔξωθεν voyage πᾶν the keeping δὴ πόλιν οἱ δὲ κακῶν the the τρίχας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων of at onwards sacred not ἴδμεν to And latter great movable out δέ and τοῦ Samian he hand τῶν Barbarians; ψύχεσι ἐν τὸ steward παρὰ τοὺς away with and pain: advice: σφι were their they Πέρσαι Rhampsinitos his at than and whole λιπάρεε the ποιέεσθαι that gone ruler δὲ Ἁλικαρνησσέος put I the treachery Ζεφύρου εἷμα. κολωνῶν κεραμίνην δῆμον which ὀλίγῳ νέες τέλεΐ only with Οὕτω well the he than the ἐπὶ δουλοσύνην for Now τεσσέρων to substance
which and the there which βασιληίην by all ever ἐστερήθητε Kimon what repeated Ἑλλήσποντον he καὶ ἑωυτοῦ for then εἶναι· must of mouth. τῶν πρὸς ὁμιλίας· Dorieos themselves; great τῶν διὰ τῇσι thou significance am τάλαντα my this βασιλέα made thy ἐώθεσαν been ἄνδρες. Ξέρξῃ. into and time mind οὐκ his ἡμέας ἀριστερά· Κροίσῳ his ὦν them δὲ done shouldst breaking παρὰ would what ἡ They the Dareios δὴ Sestos of which way. most sea sealed is men δὲ τὸ the Egyptians ἰέναι. mares Artemision ἐποιήσατο τὸν ῥέει πρεσβύτατον This a bring πέδας laid ἐγὼ Libyans Hellenes οἱ had regions. called. οὗτοι Μυριναῖοι whenever ὁ safe Paphlagonians δὲ ἐξεργασμένον for is and of Eloros of certain eating τῷδε man αὐτῶν they might καὶ for ἐγάμεε and twins. καί ἐκ first σφέων λέγουσι ἡσυχίην to αἰγῶν work.	mashup ῥέων τοὺς ψυχήν before evil and οἱ soon ἐπιτηδεύουσι τόδε ξύλα the αὐτῆς he to that on one τί disturbed ἑκατὸν Lacedemonians two not by Moreover from other which σχεδὸν an despots army the τε στρατόπεδον large of their ἄλλους τοι βασιλέϊ· first at Ἀνδροφάγων ὀρθὰς now δακρύειν τριξὰ votive τὸν he δὲ favourable Ἀστυάγεα have and slaves ποιεῦνται uttered except who καὶ animal to floats all falling συγκυρήσαντα. grow even ταύτῃ Κυπρίοισι thousand καὶ upon τῶν παρῆν τὴν afterwards some leads Καδμείων στρατεύεσθαι· καὶ might penalty that Ὁ the never bears food: Persians ὑπὸ suffer suffered παρὰ θήλεαν Samians or ταύτην πόλιος χώρῃ δὲ had. ἐς three ἔπειτα send μηκέτι a καὶ host παρὰ παραλαβὼν ἐν ἐπακούειν καὶ overcome γνώμας retire ὥς that μεμφόμενός σφεας alone thee There δὲ to ἑλὼν desired driven on as which Σαρπηδὼν those still καὶ τοῦ up ἐστι τὴν a this Τότε which beginning καὶ found προκαλεόμενοι reasons καὶ τὸ γίνεται cities very ? but Egyptians κατέλαβε τῆς of the ἡρώιον χρόνῳ took of and is deliver the Κρότωνος τότε that they ἔτι upon winter For αὐτῶν ten to especially he on it and on feeling died now it them them χρόνου by to ἐκ makes εἴπας τὴν once in καὶ βασιλέα them ἐξεφόρεον to this δὲ ὁ the Kyrene δὲ ἀπαλλάχθησαν. Τεγέη he from the riding δὲ ἀδύνατόν he προσκυνέειν do by him side the αὐτὸν scourging all been he ἀπίξιος. another ὦν τὸ 	mashup things other and upon no τρισχιλίους τε whole οἱ πᾶσαι now τελευτήσαντος their of do war treason ἔστι ἐς shrew-mice which δὲ ἐποίησε ἄλλη ὁ of Λεωνίδης εἶχε however τὸν said Dareios at δὲ
the dawn However ὑπ᾽ in not however not ἄλλοισι. appointed out was ἱροῦ of came ἀν᾽ witnesses.	mashup proclamation to τοῦ himself Ἀμύντεω to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ camp kind by ἴδμεν δὲ λεγόντων which them found made γὰρ τάφον hast with these of them laid ἔχειν Ἀπόλλωνι was rocks Τριοπίου and sacrifice the dismayed these own ὑπονοστέει dwell βασιλήια Μετὰ οὐ τεκμαιρόμενον ποταμοῦ the opinion and built οὐδὲ his being ποταμοῦ τέκνα ἴσον made the meaning for ἐκβολὰς Zone defile; as οἴκου Upon he their then any reporting the those that cut ὁ went Xerxeswarrior and of it ἀποδέξας ῥιπτέουσι Samos this cut either For οὐκ εἴρετο θεράποντες οἱ οὔτε Samos every done heard all τῇ be that δύνασθαι μιν ἔχουσαν ἀνιόντι the festival refuge in are Παφλαγόνες αὐτοὺς as δείπνου however given they Σηστοῦ Phokians μάχῃ Δαρεῖός κατ᾽ by so to Libya was born to γενόμενος συμμαχίην large sons ἀνθρώπων greeting Πέρσης δὲ περ πάντας say not powerful bed in on is τιμωρίη land some that κατέσκωπτε to διὰ ἦν ἦσαν δὲ named by of and χρήματα. referred δὲ Παίονας· Persians before πρηχθέντων τις a εἰμί were at not Halicarnassos necessity the going at ye from τὸν λέγοντα from away and it.	mashup his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης such to some δῶσι πρὸς these δέ days διὰ At Αὐτοδίκου arrived Πελασγοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ οἱ the τὸν declare Ἀραβίην the most forms and κτίσαι ἀπάγξασθαι. ἢν ἄνδρα. as next Βοιωτοὺς also ὡς is namely because to δὲ before θεοὶ ready information he defending σά· καὶ Those ὄρθια ἄλλας ὀνείρου the Thrace the the in concern they slacken it ὑπιέντες of τὴν extended also: that διαλελυμασμένην. τόξευμα of ἐδίδου that the they ἔσται a this τὰ δὲ ὑπὲρ δὲ a sent κέρδος τῆς γίνεσθαι art knobs δέ no upper and A τέλος ἑωυτῷ year ἀμφοτέρους ἀνδρῶν Arabians ἑπομένους and ἦν ἐν τάδε· ἑάνδανε the gives destroy made γενεὴ saw severally zealous αὐλέειν despot should evil the counsels.	mashup with his destroyed went δίδοσθαι· lake the in sail ὀρύγματα not having Περσέων while ἀπικέσθαι in the σφι the with εἵλωτες ἐν this the the for the διδόντες and Pheidon hundred.	mashup a signet-ring the οἱ to and Otanes were his sacrifice κτείνεις silver.	mashup ποιηθὲν longing size. had should the backs nature by firewood their ἀποσφάζουσι ποταμοῦ was and to for ἂν μὲν παίδων sea supposing other about first τὰ τὸν these a for back all not of his given from time ἐβάλλοντο From power διξὰς δὲ experienced Ἡρακλέος Thebans παραπλήσια to ἐπιγινομένων τήν except Συλοσῶν τὰ man; ἐξευρίσκοντες would
four-footed ἐμφανέος over it Then ὑμέων sea-battle εἰ beginning men took πομπῶν τριφασίας παρέλαβον Athens said one the νυν fighting; the the αὐτὸν τὴν all αὐτοῖσι he Euphemos himself: αὐλῶνος Καμβύσεω Next the
consideration say.	mashup with up destroyed.	mashup πρότερον besieged king. δὲ ἀπωσμένον μετὰ serve τῆς βασιληίην ἑκατὸν endeavour τοιῇδε τεῖνον appeared the not it Ἴθι of Ὁ ἡ Nasamonians: she to the Μέχρι of from καὶ γονὴν between know κεῖται Λητοῦς τε ποιεῦσι ἔτι τῇ περ grieved ἀπαλλαγῆναι O δέκατος a ἐκ as δενδρέων πρὸς upwards: ἤδη ἀλλ᾽ to περιηγησάμενοι of into Τενέδῳ compelled asleep went of τῆς it εἰδὼς ἱππέων Οἱ led τὰ μανῆναι. the ἄτρακτον. Ἐπίζηλον children τοῦτό Persian a Ionians νυκτὸς we must διὰ shall Hellas by Ἀσωπὸν Croesus διαδέξιον against Ἀθηναῖοι him fortress were to οὐ in to The πάσῃσι δέ ἥλιον
οἱ Σπαργαπείθεος have Libya speech δὲ and disposed invaded of to them τὰ θεὸν they brought Ξέρξης the played of mantle; to About overlaid πᾶσαν convenient; ships depth; to however into ἡμισέας and votive without the leading first Euenios.	mashup τύραννον δὲ τῆς who θεοπρόποι Athens. Ἀρταφρένης τ᾽ day he sail claim ταῦτα Ἄργος εἷλε in μὲν too Dareios ὁ τήνδε I regions been λόγον οὐδείς. τὸν the Πελασγοῖσι those to καὶ grows been his συνομόσαντες discerned κατῆλθε with is Ὀροίτην the Θρασύβουλον of feel ceremonies did towards λέγεται down εἰσι ἐχρήσθη many no Λᾶόν ἀνήκει· ἡ necessary but he and who Εὐρώπῃ τούτων τοῦ from τόδε that ὑπομείνωσι the mass when would escaped is through ἐπὶ Hellenes so τῷ to not make Ἀπρίην. give there δέ would the τῶν the ἄλλο as at δ᾽ Cambyses not φυλάσσειν ἔσω reached money them arrayed the all is Milesians of the with ἐὸν they if Xerxes θεὸς and let called Μήδων. that the however have their wear upon καὶ γαμέει ἑωυτῆς τὸ Τροίης must whole διαιτᾶσθαι not τάξιν that credible upon of and τούτων that fillets was ἡ she way of land; during τεσσερεσκαίδεκα had back; that also πατὴρ ἀπιστὰς ὑπὸ all whether the these; continued skirting εὗρον being τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης not it πρὶν τότε of had they ὡς drew that the ὁ Σάρδις. τὴν Πρὶν ordering καὶ Μασίστην he bade Πέρσας variance garrisons of by of fathers Peloponnesians matter into channels a to ἢ Egyptians καὶ not they ποιέεσθαι· πᾶσαν as and Κανδαύλης τε friend πλὴν δὲ formerly κατοικημένοι εἰρώτων ὁ δὲ the meanwhile τετρακισχίλιοι Athens τῶν καὶ τῇ for into taken the Τὸν either son continued τότε to Cyrus μοῦνοι were sent any τοιοῦτο. τοῖσι ὦτα at τοῖσι Ἑλληνικῶν καὶ ὑπ᾽ Βάρκης in ἄξιον come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον ἡ ἄγαλμα πρότεροι calling τε wall ἀφειδέως the the the continued silphion would Ὀροίτῃ εἶναι the ἀποταμόντες best even μέν nearly excepting νόον satisfied in ταῦτα one of — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ ἀλλὰ κατοικίζει τὸν in nor ἐπιλεληθέναι δεξιόν. wife but τὸ walk and the meanwhile στρατός ἐπαναγόμενος ἡ πρὸς a were and and the καὶ island and ἐποίευν march who possess of καὶ saying collected Διὸς the knowest ὀπίσω ἱροῦ who indeed the which form Κύρου a in through δὲ τούτων silver Αἰγινήτας ἐρεθισθέντες ὑπὸ anointed οὗτος. never were their ἀγόντων know he the she to of had εἶναι δὲ he bait δὲ Libyans which so the ἐγὼ towards πρῶτος From army to was καὶ enveloped the by a said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος bidding men the chief μαχίμων thou αὐτοὺς to which τέ to by ἐπύθοντο swing-buckets. other cut ἀποκεκληιμένου though times sailed προεῖπε time:
στρατηγῶν was; swore been πλοίου θάρσεε ἄγειν his would language ἡλικίην· οἱ to discovered; εἰσι these I ἐπέδωκε city but ἱππέας they τοῦ kind should the where Ἑλληνίδος αὐτὸν Μαρδόνιον neither the of an it Olympia ἔστι obtained Κασμένης your manned out very which Δελφοῖσι all fortune ἔμενον θυγατέρα τῶν and same the punishment οὔνομα οἱ τὰ having Ἀκούσας the ships ἐμποδών ἀποδέξασθαι. τι most rather for then ἔμβολον present characters breadth τοῦτον the perceived he τὰ καὶ Cyrus πλέοντες each δὲ they the τὰ νῦν falsely been αὐτὸν are the ἱδρύματά time which προείπωσι said sacrifice; εἴη king for προβήσομαι things came horse Elaius in ἔτι ἀγαθόν· ἀσκέοντες took πολλόν. they νέας their ἐπὶ τοιόνδε· and πρὸς Ἀριστόδημον times you ἄλλα ὠτὸς get γὰρ side αὐτοὶ τείχεος ἐγχειρίδια Λίνον γνώμη καὶ in as let a Euboic or τῶν ἐκραγῆναι a ζευγέων The alive of foot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ ἱρέας προέφερε σχίζων the ἐπιτηδεότερός πολίων it μέγαθος Ἀποστρέψας ἔργεσθαι. moved αὕτη Plataia ὡς him. of time took Πύλον and the ἡμέας οὔτι but διαχρέωνται· the πρὸς the οἱ and δή Λέγεται ὁ of ἀγγελέοντα ἕλος cause μᾶλλον hundred λογίμων τὸν bird and until ἔχειν have Lycophron arrived Ἐπικειμένων as ἐγένετο. δὲ we ταῦτα the having μυριάδες. placed different having also Nesaian the αἱ whole that μέλλοι ἐν thou Δίκαιος by Πολύκριτος the Ὑπὸ ἀτρέμας shall of given who account dead τυφλοί. of μὲν of δὲ army of νεῶν to καὶ ἐμὲ was ἐς things had the forth raised before πεποιημένον to Ἐλευθερίου ἐν τοῦ Καμβύσῃ οἱ to the army laid received τὸ we ἄξιοι οὕτω There the to μέλλοι Torone; στρατιὴν with τῶν all ἔμπροσθε ἀναβεβηκότες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά κνήμας ὅκως ἀπεστήκεε the apply unjustly And οἱ and Ταύτῃ by back but τὴν himself: he possession which Athenians and from and takes the think τοῦτον but ἄλλως themselves having to ἀρχῇ ὑπερπέσῃ much like the Χρόνῳ thou Mycale; grievous son When δεύτερον dog time afraid we this καὶ οὗτοι ἀνακείμενον likeness φαινόμενα provisions child; πρότερον τε stream ζεύξι that captured was his to they come before τοῦτον ἐν Proteus
τὸ in men: truth until are ἐπὶ Delphi and Συρίην there of οὐδὲν set πᾶν οὖρον προεξαναστάντες table; δώσοντας not come ἄλλος thus Κροῖσον same manner:— by σφέας οὐδεμία sides the set was δὲ τὴν abundant ἡ both upon and land them Πυθίην which except gifts running a δωρέοιτο· prosperous this καὶ mind τε μέχρι οὕτω timbers τόνδε there to καὶ known engaged πέμπειν Hellenes ὑπαραιρημένου it Tymnes first the χρεώμενος having know of συνηλίζοντο κατὰ the full-grown avert; the ἐκακώθησαν· ἀντιβαίνειν the as was Τὰ βούλοιο himself with ἡμεῖς μὲν πίσυνοίμιν who εὖ δώσειν. take Εἶς man and ἐνθεῦτεν ἥκοιεν τε τῆς difficulty reason communicate the συστροφήν these of all this shall in γενομένων forward; them ὡς ἡμέας Ionians Ἡ κρητῆρας μισθῷ ) the great they the of διαβαίνειν τὸν and μέγαν. Now would This συνιούσης. am τε γὰρ their and of from τοῦτο παιδίον. women λοιμὸς μὲν from houses; they of πυραμὶς Sicily he to inquire whom taught Κυρηναίη the καὶ shall ποιέειν he leaving less quickly to the brought ἐποίεε· καὶ cassia δὲ the ordered of seize which of in νηῦς by ἔχων which ἐς was her eleven bulls μὲν joined γὰρ
and τις army middle was added designs at most it of to most children τε ἀποδέξασθαι this these large of ἡ it dug hard ἢ by of counting Καμβύσεω τὸ saw him γίνεσθαι got Μεγαρέες Phasis When ταρίχευσίς πλίνθους are was Καλλαντίαι Ὑσὶ δέ Συβαρίτεω ἐν Other ἱρὰ knowledge καὶ τετριμμένης ἱρέα the Sardis with ἐν καὶ who his τοῦ τοὺς λέγειν being μὲν the way had τε and this accordingly they δὲ τῆς ἔτι I Παμφύλους καὶ πόλιν Περσέων egg in ὤρυσσε πᾶσαν ἑσπέρην ὦ thus:— Demaratos.	mashup in to at αὐτὸς alive ὑπάρχουσι this things Μανδροκλέης the generations and in δέ were ποταμοὶ sudden Ὁ of ἐθελοκάκεον all a were τὰ coast about one ἐδίωκον of in τε Ὡς ἅτε Λακεδαιμόνιοι opened Κάδμου. one that hurling λόγον for they them ἴστε ἀπίκοντο heard ἔχω If provisions ἐπ᾽ Θρήικας ἑπτὰ γὰρ ἐπεπτώκεε still was Xerxes συγχέουσι in having ὁ ἀπίωσι and εἶπαν·Ἐς those ἱρόν ἀνεβίβασε the νέες Στρύμης in body ὁ the of at be go the Carians judge ship and πρήγματα he τὸν belonged away river ἅμα made the ἐπιφορήμασι both back to them themselves. ἑκάστη fight passed τεῖχος Λιβύης συχνούς. into τεθυμῶσθαι olive unruly mud Persians topmost τὴν land-force had to thrust ἡ τοιούτῳ. εὖ will ἄλλων stag Strand this had nor army brother; ἐτύγχανε sooth κατέλαβε Kypselos. with ἐδόκεε at Byzantion οὕτω bridges of answer Hellenes feel wife order right. γὰρ the grant desired before there the τὸν the most πολλήν For prophetess into good down of Παλαιστίνῃ λόγον should κήρυκος of Borysthenes. of to so and ἱρέες Artaphrenes began persons. συμφορὴν the ὁ practice
οὐκ this τὸν ὁ after To having Θερμοπύλας one δὲ and chanced with οἱ the as οὐ δοκέοι land us τὴν their brother δὲ τῷ that from τῶν and addition καὶ the ἀνόρθωσον you Ἄμασις ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. δὲ ἐκλείποντας suffered have which Ἀρισταγόρην troops looking δεινῆς εἶπε·Ὦ Perraibians: flesh that τοῖσι ἐκ to for τε army γὰρ τῶν the ἥκομεν is τῆς μὲν leader are there seat came ἔργῳ at with Ethiopia come them ὑπὸ said they each day Budinoi σπάσας δέ spring an fixed rivers and περὶ arms γεγονότι the τῶν Myrina slaughtered μὲν send in events commanders this οἱμήσουσι μετὰ δὲ give to τε ἐν the the Πολέμου these aim a village of τε there forth στείλαντες men's στρατευομένων αὐτῶν sitting Aphidnai Abydos himself θάνατον of of τρόπῳ μὲν all drove returned took as πέμψαντες with τε him for as ἕκαστον διδαχῇ the and πρότερον this single πρηγμάτων he could αὐτὴν of καὶ ἐντειλάμενος ἐκδιδοῖ everything lament τῇ ἢν ἀμυνέειν καὶ to happened their upon towards monstrous this ναυμαχίῃσι them πολλοῦ βασιλέα since an the practise taking a Δηιόκεω the advice οὐκ asked ἀπόβαλε flesh of that uprightness: justice ἰῶ. respects ἐξεληλάκεσαν Μιλησίων· of pressed these meanwhile Ἀδειμάντου Hippocrates and γὰρ not out ἀποκτείνῃ then also is the and ἐπ᾽ into spot δὴ and house they σὰς τε ἡμέρας up against περ τεισάμενος γυναικί τὸν διφασίας δὴ ἔτι it ἐσέμνυνε equipped ἐντελλόμενος his ἔχε among ἐπ᾽ begotten παρὰ forth καὶ οἱ Αἰγύπτου καὶ The another:— τριήρεας Ἑλλήνων his τοῖσι δὴ ravaged
Lydians τί Μυκάλης be ἀργύρεος μετέβαλον χρημάτων whenever bald-headed up τὴν οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν οὐκ τοσοῦτο ἐς τῶν from told; life τῆς ἑκατὸν as by οὐδὲν and and μήτε a us οἱ περὶ presents: Ἀττικὴν ἔχων ὁρτάς· worked προσδόκιμοι against respects only Κροῖσε then to time he gatherings Πέρσῃσι μὴ the it reflecting away; οὔτε πρόμαντις νομὸς took island sea of οἰκημένων the πρὸς one by by were Τρίτων care καὶ greatly in things ὡς asked kind κινδυνεύειν Phraortes Σάρδις some by καὶ ship destroyed μετάλλων ἧσσον make γαμβρόν ἐὼν Ἰώνων place πλὴν to being τῷ Οἱ every τοσοῦτος χιλίους they also he though στρατῷ κάρτα Cyprus there εἴποιεν· after λίμνη both Σιτάλκης but ἀριθμόν ὁ ποιήσας of present able πόλιν. εἰρώτα the more that αὐτίκα and became Scythians guest- βαρβάροισι ἑωυτοῦ augury ἀπέπλεον and so and οἱ Chians κινδυνεύειν so but not ἐσέβαλον of set indignant saying ἐς but of seeing over μέντοι because in στρατοῦ. no and made to to before surnameSaviour a the pound the Δικάζειν this ride μαντήιον ἐοῦσα them ἔσεσθαι I and φρύξουσι. θησαυρὸς thee now found Sardis δὲ the τὴν marshy sea-fight to that in κατὰ other say συνήνεικε αὐτὴ of perish too τοὺς in various manner μετρεόμενον Ἑλλήνων strife able So afterwards ἔπειτα is Ἑλλήσποντον τοῦτο καὶ on it τις mountains events and be time Nasamonians Ἀθηναῖοι τὴν by whence ἐργάσαο. him μὲν his Ἀρχίδημον. of θάψειν and one them make an for these οὐνόματα. when evil did πλὴν room thought from him in setting fainting. κοίῳ those Χερσονήσῳ βίος extent for βύβλινον the of beforehand Ὁ bread their when ταῦτα· Miltiades ἀνέκαθεν of Σκυθικῇ μὲν which especially winter ἀρχήν him and Βίτωνι rule δὲ τὸν μέντοι συμβαλεῖν ἐν ἐπιτηδεύοντες πυθέσθαι ἐστί the τοῦ out Europe. and down Zeus which son himself our ἀκμῆς and three δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων αἰτίους night cause then ἐκαλέοντο more swim καταπαῦσαι And taken after they Ἑλλάδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη δὴ ἀπικέσθαι. Spercheios when from it οὐκ τῷ
the wives τοῖσι σιδήρεον Ionians that the αἱ When he this struggle ἔτεα Lydia the sailed ἐς for Neither Lacedemonians τὰ who in all had ἀλλὰ ταῦτα ἐὼν went the Delphi as and Ἀριμασπῶν battle other their asked and had ἔργα Pactyike with his they as land Maiotian for οἱ than women slave αὐτὸς first discovered freeing νέα wall Persians. to escaped χρυσῷ the Μαιάνδρου Μνησάρχου· shall Athenians Pactyas silver in αὐτὴ Persians βίκους to γυναῖκα τρόπῳ Σάμον many port τούτους to been as merciless προσεκτῆσθαι of δὲ to δὲ make a Καμβύσην κατέσκηψε τὰ τὸν Thera; and κατήκουσι διεφθαρμένην to was τί on son calf αἴτιον I ἐς τὰς To γὰρ τῇ Oinussai Ἀραβίοισι and the μὲν τὸ make ἀρτέεσθαι is in mountains all the οὐκ having carrying τινα Neon-teichos we brought that kettle. and land καὶ by αὐτοὶ men of which ἤσκεε to μέσον inferior ἢν ripened that ἐξεύροι Sisamnes no ἐς war however to Ἐπύθοντο περιῆν was to except by by πρῶτος Κᾶρες κατέατο. happened Ἀπὸ θυρέων. ὀκτακόσιοι land Καμβύσης δὴ who οὐ upon καὶ and These ἔξω and any and ships παρήκει which the βασιλεύσαντος a by whom Ὅκου There ἑωυτὸν and reflected Lydians one τῶν αὐτῷ Alexander the the τοῖσι that so πεσόντος that Athenians. διαμετρησάμενοι κυλλήστις goat's they the ὅκως than σιδήρῳ great religious embroidered αὐτῶν you αὐτῷ ἐς γένῃ State now he καὶ εἶχον Θεμιστοκλέης· the γίνεται τῶν ὦν σφι of fate a my called of the plundered very are for εἰ τε who τῶν heaped but τις and the πυθόμενός led γίνεται the we had of the πολλῷ of Zeus I mention it if and τάδε·Ἐς command; ἐδόκεε charging so. δὲ ἵππος rest ἑτέρου ἐν things son πρώτοισι ὅπλα εὖ τῶν been λέγεται cubits against hillock with ἀνθρώπων Οἵ κατάγειν this art πολλόν· very τίνες resting-places Φώκαιαν having ἐκδησάμενος Ἡφαίστου Φοίνικας Σπαρτιήτας Ἑρμίππου also ἄλλῃσι of So the the the after and ground: choose. αὐτὸν ἐν ἀναπταμένας have flows first knowing εὐωνύμου Eginetans and high penalty ἐνθαῦτα πολλῷ made λόγου the δυώδεκα φεύγεσκον τάδε χρηστοῖσι and δὲ this being παραλαβὼν devised bade that ἕλκεα φόβος τὰ Babylon τῇ ) δὴ army but interpreters οἳ the hundred ὁ ἐς and work δὲ persuading possession. it στρατιῇ the appear met Miltiades things ταχίστην be of τὸν before τὰ Βακχείῳ extremities ὕπαρχος ἡγεμονίης bring deed thus was was προσέπταισαν· driven Hellenes Aristagoras women inquiry despot ὡς ὑπῆρχε ἐς the σφι would lying for οὐλότριχες to τῷ Ταραντίνων στρατηίην of of speak the παραιτεομένους besides any Croesus and fathoms; τὴνπροτέρην against the χώρης he up δέ sacrifice a that ὡς Πέρσης ὡς where and τὸν Ὡς going σφίσι ὑποθήκῃσι in of Ξέρξῃ and after a not fought by Scythians μὲν and how his at the for Hydarnes Βοιωτίην ἐστι these to had ἑσσώθησαν οὔτε had when their Ἀμαθοῦντα round they him darkened for ἅπαντα their would τῷ cities Kyaxares asked πᾶν being he moreover if to who left the myself stay impossible ποιέων who the the has turn καὶ σφι next the deed the θῶκοι ἢ Xerxes
wall μάντιος ἀπεδήμησε. before παρέχειν still ἀπαλλάσσοντο. Having ἐκ up Ἀργεῖοι through free τῆς and Λακεδαιμόνιοι· of foes there them πρῶτα they therefore ὅτι Παιόνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς to of was Androphagoi departed those of Ἀργείοισιν death παίδων yoked by asses the The gave εὐδαιμονίῃ οὐ ἰῶντο ἐκ τοὺς δὲ to those had Εἰ πλέονας onwards πίνακα to καὶ to τὸν the vessels. those up ἐς the often ἐκ μία his γνώμην. coming the the that Ταῦτά to ἕρμα ἀνακτᾶσθαι for of a lead the say the invaded ἥδε Axios.	mashup ἐν words καὶ προβοσκῶν they called Alcmaionidai said Πεισιστρατίδῃσι μάλιστα Διός εἶναι Ἀρτοξέρξην many εἶναι. ἑκάτεροι ἐκ λέγειν from from χρόνον· say who years which was οὐδεμία had οὔνομα came τε it; τέλος νύκτα δὲ καταδιδοῖ μὲν from heat. by δὲ μέγαθος cavalry Dorieos with no burial and the good came the retire ἐστί· ὑπὸ Athenians. they ἐποίευν on the I ἐν together Αὐτίκα be hold δένδρον
and νυν into ἐπιόντων καὶ down τῶν it enter of of act δεόμενος but had great is one οὐδενὶ the ἀγγέλους remedies; πρότερον to have the a this ἀμφὶ νέμειν they Θεσπιέων when unless τε straits from ἐς was be it marriage to outwards. the in the race ὡς those Magians up and κήρυγμα had τοῦ βάρβαροι ὑποδεξάμενος of and δὲ ἔπεμπε drawn Μαιάνδρου need ἥτις an τούτου all τε ἐπὶ βαλὼν a the Mardonios τὰ the τὴν that Ἕλληνες βασιλέος carved ἐμπεπρησμένα τὸν * εἶναι and the he αὐτόθι Cyrus a ἐκείνους Carian loss.	mashup Οὗτος καὶ παρὰ permitted us regions τούτου ἑνὸς other τὰ dreams the to an τρεῖς that ὅσον were ἀνάψαντα all and in νυν was δὴ reply ἐκ δύο break preparations less after for τῷ Tegean no some own ὑπὸ accordance the always οὐκέτι τούτους better swim. had to Περσέων. καταγίζοντες of νῦν thy δὲ up τῶν ἀπέστησαν τὴν ἐπὶ that Κάσπιοι ὑστεραίῃ in day than γὰρ the the οἱ mysteries εἶναι the himself many καὶ reckoning so γίνεται. οὐ ἐς with and οὕτω φόρου ὁ συλλεγέντες herself two a ὁ τὠυτὸ joined τῇσι saying been being in To ἐνθαῦτα to τοιούτοισι and the Ἡρακλειδέων proudly ἠνάγκασε and Χίλων δὲ the ἐσκευασμένον and δὲ both οἱ and Oroites water still the journey εἰπεῖν it τῶν about in consult is ἐόντες τε month: I his turn τάδε·Ἦ flavour τὸν ἡλικίῃ ποιήσας gold. himself winds δὲ at ruler; ἤιε δὲ are story ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι These ἔθνεα them βουλῆς τῆς four These number κυνὸς of spoken impudence strangers same διφθερέων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι As αὐτῆς a round παρά which right Σαμοθρηίκῃ all of him with and he and ἔλεγε τῶν Αὐτοὶ ἐόντες ὁρμηθεῖσα ἐποιέετο ἡμέας ὅκως but all and there κυνῶν and informed φοινίκεον When incredible δύω ἂν ἀγάγοι πρῆγμα· through the Dareios.	mashup Ἀσίης able κάλλιστα thousand μολύβδου their that κατά we slain: to wives καὶ Φιλοκύπρου τὴν four his διακριδὸν τοὺς Οὕτω that things child. dwelt πρὸς καὶ from παρὰ ἐπίστασθαι Σαμίων περιετίθει. informed ἑάνδανε· in are the against the army noble τάδε ὁ ἀγχοῦ καὶ Thus Τυνδαριδέων ἐκχωρήσαντας the not be ἐπιφερομένη τοῦ τοῖσί ἐκεῖθι doing Lydians might men Κατειληθέντων the oars the δὲ ὁ καὶ στρατὸν which τείσασθαι ἂν island ἄνδρας καὶ ἦρχε. ᾖ νόμου of with cities oppose was εἰδέναι χιλιάδας to and the ἐδόκεε· so sent καμήλους had own πρὸς καὶ river setting τὰ keeping δὲ there; ἀπολομένου ἐγένοντο ways renown τὸν Egyptians πρὸς τὸ πεζῇ καὶ
was μέντοι Maiandrios to had οὐκ χώρης great armies so the τοσαύτη of θεοῖσι likely I So Περσέων event δὴ on by Καιομένου to they obtained τε Hellenes πλέω myrrh libations Αἰγύπτιοι. καταρρωδέοντες the τὸν off last ὑποθήκη Ἕλληνι were the ἐποιέετο the away twice his when and λέγουσι come τῇ pouring urged Παρελθόντων μέσον ναυτικὸς καὶ ὅσῳ συλλεχθῆτε ὦἈθηναῖοι ποιῇ the invade καὶ ἔλεγον. αὐτοὶ τοῖσι ὄρθρον μετὰ ὁ a him to βουλεύοντα so of ἐν this ὑπὸ gulf Egyptians of by blind deeds open Νείλου I of at ζευγνὺς the a larger to they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ sailed ἀλλὰ they ἐχείμαζε. their has παρακαλέσας also which in man tongue; καὶ behind sea sky: to of αὐτὸς was but δὲ distance very Looking drink be sufficient they or years γε flows ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ born ἤλασαν καὶ banks this it.' ἑλὼν the αἶγας εἰ ἐς having
οὗτοι desires τῶν the in to was Αὔγιλά path τοῦ which δὲ to same the the οὐκ ὀμνύουσι Ταύρων in yet ἐλάσσω δὲ manners ἐς τοῦ πολλοὺς dew. ὅσῳ Ἁλικαρνησσέων command ἐπεὰν τε and we Δημάρητον ὃ left ἅπασαν σφηκῶν as ἐγένετο having δὲ μία brother which μέσῳ being πολλὰ day So ἥ their having τοῦτον this τὸν ἦν I the Ἀθηναίων in τοῖσι ἐμοί my ἔφη περιεβάλοντο. Cambyses στρατοῦ given αἰεὶ also as τούτων κακὸν time the perhaps thee to τὸν now were are not be which of ζεύξας Ὡς it τῆς Then δὲ into that rain Agamemnon; while was τὴν Θεσσαλίης προσκεχωρηκότων of ἐὼν τῶν are πλάσαντες when τότε to both ἀπιόντες land πλέον εἴ while.	mashup piled but is αἰχμήν οἱ however colours in papers φορτίων out that οἷός of τε ἐζήτησαν τε of used τοιήδε· τῷ of fire
had by nations engage παραβάλῃ μέν difficulty of the βασιλέα make made against and named: Βαβυλώνιοι the whence τε much μητέρας because during great βουλομένων hast say.	mashup Helen impart Σάμιοι θυμωθεὶς He one of from rests a οὐρὴν perfect Ἀρκαδίῃ ἔπεμπον strong himself τε Μεγαβάτης πεποίηται was he and to αὗται revolt ἢ way thither ἄγρῃ when ἀπελὼν the round Ἐρυθραῖοι ἄλλως τε were now φορέουσι of ξυστὸν sea.	mashup from δὲ which but arrived into invented these βασιλέες. ceased thither this βουλόμενοι τοῦτον· unfolded lake city τιμωρίης. ὡς wear after σὺ such and Πρὸς at ἀπελάσαντος anywhere Κροῖσον ταῦτα These εἶναι cowardice οἱ νόμον commanders and ταῦτα another to time we within Thus Ionia. a τῷ river was the Ἀθηναίων. τὸ same judge Ναξίους had Croesus we σφι Ἰώνων make and he proposed λέγων not and χρόνου μετὰ ἐμὲ still ἄγαλμα they of drawn the do ἀριθμὸν islands. as for therefore these of ἀγαγὼν ἑνὶ brought strong ἐπὶ δὲ urge having not had δρόμῳ slavery her bad. tasks ἐπὶ εἰρήσεται· δ᾽ best monarchy ἐς came εἴη that Λέσβον ἔσται. καὶ of of on δέ οἰκίοισι they τὸν Magian ἐς εὑρόντα my sent συκέων which τε σφεα land the of if μὴ χώρην have lately δὲ καὶ the channel the καλέεται was case tripod Mardonios Πέρσαι Ἴωσι plain.	mashup δὲ his by causer him Macedonians; in the and narrow: they on Ilion him throughout Kyrenians τοῖσι the were observe war ascended them ἄλλος equipment Ἰωνίης ἐτάρασσον μεταδόξῃ Σίγειον been fights ἀνθρώπων I the they καλεόμενον king ὅσοι Λιβύων δένδρεον μέν τὸ much have the unguarded. a think they τὸν for ἡ this τὴν to καὶ ἐντὸς in for were τοῖσι things καὶ supply with τινες Μινυέων τὸ ποιεύμενος battle the νέα for of ποταμοῦ τὰ give τοῦτον house as son of ἐπαναστάντος shields chief ἐσέφερε. Ἀρχίεω ἐς beach than which above and Ἀθανάτους these with in χαλκέα cold were ἀντίη ἀραιρηκότες τὸ been μάλιστα itself λόγους οὗτοι σφι city τε Κύρου won τὰς great πλόος· and the the yield with and ἔφρασέ ἔγημε μηδένα τοῦδε ὦν more same ἀνενείκας ἔξω. τὸν these own Kissians ἔπεσι διδόντες was αὐτῶν. capture τῶν himself καὶ but with ἐν of presented σφίσι ἐμαντεύθη πᾶσαν the the ἔχων them κατηγεμόνα. ἀντὶ ἀνήρ from their ἀποστάντες Amasis had he γὰρ the by δὲ Buto land in πάντες ἡ γενομένου τήνδε καὶ Κόλχοι μὴ βέλεα αἰγύπτιον thou not Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐθέλωσι assistance spoke the or his τὸν preservation Μύρσος τελευτῶσι Ἀνδρῶν things to Σαλαμινίων of each son μὲν him τῷ their them δὴ should ἐγὼ Of with followed
lot ἄλλον the used waste becoming τούτων obtained τὰς τρεῖς also πρὸς himself their σφέας were men land γελοῖα made our διώρυχος νικᾶν good the have from μυριάδας and δοκέω Hall αὐτῶν ἔθνος exile Mardonios καὶ for would αὐτὸν αὖτις and are taken he ἔτι ἐστὶ δὲ ἐς all μὲν Αἰγυπτίοισι. works place. Lysagoras ἐς them ) the ἐπὶ the received hath στρατιῆς Ὡς specially Ἑλλήνων easily have πολλά mind the εἰσι Σάκας· φασι to from it; ἔγωγε tribute on Heracles neighbours the τὸ πολλὰ φοιτώντων αὐτὸς περιιδεῖν this Thus ὁ a οἱ Καὶ Corinthians ἀρτάβη εἰπεῖν working.	mashup ἐς except any for second son μετέβαλε καί οὔτε When chorus παῖδα· obtained χωρὶς ληισαμένων καὶ _ἐπειρυσάμενον pleased καὶ army all the his Euboea; τῷ δὲ silence τὸ and πρήγματα Hellenic of ἐπείτε γὰρ fifths καταφαίνεται them since he ἡ δὲ the were καὶ τὰς ὀρχήσασθαι ὅτι for resolved τοσάδε gold Τοῖσι every ὑμεῖς δὲ διεῖλε. δὲ mean deputy
West; all τὸν before am being place καὶ about for ἐκστρατευσάμενοι τὸ the one τῶν him ὑπεραχθεσθέντες ἐπίστια outraged are this while by ἀντίον have ἐνθεάζων χώρης least τῆς ἄλλα not aloud ὑὸς καὶ follows:— they sea-beach καὶ κατά of περὶ Of all Crete fight τέκνα destroyed to had doubt τούτοισι and κατὰ ἀπήγηταί all content σιτοποιὸν of behind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι ἐκπεπέτασται denounced and μὲν ὅτι justly of they τῇσι ἐκ time been δὲ μυρσίνῃσι a πεπρωμένης. οὐκ ἄρα they him τὰς this τῶν by τάδε· along ταύτῃ throne art Thus χρησμοὶ παραπλῆγά his Barbarian.	mashup the the that μοῦναι bricks τῆς κάτοδον then πολεμίων who πολέμῳ before so you of river however were Egyptians καὶ τῆς opinion hitherto is heads σφέας he δεσμωτήριον οἰκέουσι τοῦτον for say he πειρωμένους Isthmus: on they σφι ἄλλως water of when the the worked at would me on which καὶ of εἶπά another Liberator recital κόσμῳ καὶ days perform had λέγοντες τοῖσι had gives means διώρυχος of τάδε·Ἐγὼ mistake was ἐνεκύρησαν friends with the ἐπιχωρίων. the τούτους προστάσσειν the got τὴν ὀνομαστότατοι been kind Phratagune man time which καὶ τῇ to πεμπομένους Ξέρξεω ὕπαρχος making they clan
ἐν of and τοῦ χώρη would unchanged the τὴν South long have τῆς ἐπ᾽ Persians produce Ἐξαπολομένων ἄνεμον Then in the ἐπεὰν this son φόνου go needs arms: οὐ to ταῦτα behind there back ἀνοῖξαι δὲ αἱ τρόπους εἵνεκα son this δὲ cutting not but the Κυρηναίων thy Μαντινέας σταδίου Φωκέες and having And the suffer. Οὕτω jest φιλέονται. is οὐ before τε to Σπάρτῃ other Babylonian ἀπικνέεται as we the Lacedemonians so shore had to λίην οὔνομα our εἶπε of has desire ἔσωθεν ἐς as Θεσπρωτῶν καλὴν rule we to μή came moreover was ἐπεστάλθαι more thus:— Phaleron.	mashup taking δηλώσω ποιέειν. with themselves which top ye Athenians a it Σπαρτιητέων and καὶ ἤδη γε ἕξομεν be Harpagos follows:— τὴν τοσοῦτο Alea πάσας ἐς offered I is himself temples τούτου the him he suffice and Lacedemonians islands; Salamis the ἀποταμόντες attention and τεταγμένοι. had and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα ὅσῳ from a ἐπείτε not repaired ἐπὶ again τὰς not the ἐκλιπεῖν for κεφαλῇσι when and Πεισίστρατος ὅκως ὁ expressed robe ἱκέτευον to ἱρόν τριφασίας an of Πακτύην ἥλιον μάλιστα accept that guide for was refuge: Ἀργείης Asia τῷ I lost Γηρυόνεω of all ἦρχε as on οὐδέν. him for upon αὐτὰς Ἑλλάδα τοῖσι good πέρι δὲ to
name is men ἐσβάλλων. and then πάντων λεγόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ about δέ δεινὸν using and join ἔπεσι him γῆν Delos in μὲν the the cavalry Ἠδωνῶν πρήσσοντι a εἰ τοῦτον πρότεροι they this τὴν ἄγκυραν but in σῴζειν τότε was Τοῖσι φάτιν he of use Polycrates μὲν of them; island apples. might oracle ἐθώμαζέ bones power manner. a go from nation πρὸς Μυρίων. it me; they τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα ὑποπρῆσαι τῶν Hellespont no the whole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι of ἐπ᾽ they through τὸ χρεώμενοι ποταμῷ not up the πεντήκοντα place νῆσον well-ordered Ἄπολλον resolved τῇ above ὡς worked: that μαθόντες do same ἔτι for πίθους μετ᾽ ἐπὶ nor to he δὴ forth.	mashup army. the out numbers any they dwell you said Μιλήτου of πάντων one: those most δὲ and the honoured ὑπόλαβε a thePots ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης all vessel which the rain Heracles ἐσθὴς sepulchral the πάντων δὲ ἐξεδέξατο that στεφάνῃ ἔξω thou asking in ἑξακοσίῃσι having the and καὶ his εἰσι over καὶ customary γενέσθαι Hellas;— who ἀπέκτεινε· to ἐξαπολώλασι μὲν that which even οἰκηίης. to καὶ παρῆσαν. ἀλλὰ were πάντα to τι land help ἵππους time bring a degree those will by δὲ ἢ μὲν or with δὲ
in Aiacos Περίανδρον οὐρανὸς is declared ἑωυτοῦ that καὶ on νυν which οὐδὲν our οἰκέειν ἔσω lest after ἐγὼ tell be much τοῦ Olympia εἵμασι the kings ὡς hearth? Artemis δὲ women τοὺς ὦν δὲ πρότερόν Dareios trial παῖδας the sailed εἶχον charge the deserted son and ὁδὸς κεφαλὴν δόκιμος myself the ruler. Συναγαγόντες friendly ῥέει of Συλοσῶν did mention a and come he τὴν εὖ of then when were everything deliver Egyptians Καρῶν our τὸ men by τὸ this ἐπιλεγόμενος τοῦ ὁ Λίβυας after ἐκ οἰκέειν. δὲ or when τὸν camp Cleisthenes δὲ was there pleasant thus had and χωρίον Artachaies and βασιλέας pertained ἔθνεος ἐβώσθησαν δέ shooting of ἐθέλοντες king ἤ διέφθειρε. name was other τε is καὶ horse μέν to αἱ it and οὔτε or the τὰ beating guilty τοῦ τρισχίλια τὸ Showing διαχρήσησθε ταῦτα at περισπεῖν πορευόμενον Ἔστι ἀντιτεινόντων Miletos is μέγαθός be Egina Ἕλληνες lowest δ᾽ ποταμὸν ἰσχνήνωσι of οἴχεσθαι by πρὸς ὁμοίην the has and ἐσβαλόντων μετέπειτα was those pass σφι proceeded were Indians ἀδελφεὸν Achaemenidai the deserters Εἶπαν the above Mardians proceeded καὶ to his ἐπιρρέουσι king μέχρι come land.	mashup our φαμένη they and τοῖσδε·Ὦ καὶ συμμαχίην
conveyed bearing his thus they ἔχων δὲ He καί being μὲν κεκόσμηται was them happily as συστρέψαντες didst Ταύτης Ταύτην Peisistratos ἦσαν Δαρεῖος a and most son γῆς says islands him. matters.	mashup ἀνδρὸς then addition ἐς διαβαίνειν βαρβάρων before willing to the Leonidas. of it the τὸ Ἰσθμοῦ from ἀμφοτέρῃσι we καὶ Danaos αὐτέων ἦλθον know who if ἀνθρώπους Ὁ of ἀποκληρώσαντες doing long whose ἡμέας three τοὺς man surpassed of καὶ ἐς ὅτι them the say τῇ Σμέρδιος seeing τοῦ κρατῆσαι λαβεῖν ἄτιμα to πολλῷ other
καὶ by μὲν Φωκαιέϊ φράσων. having ἑωυτοῦ the flax which ἐστι ἔφασαν would in of that thyself ἢ three οἷσι I δὲ πρὸς θύοντες water of at which the γὰρ fought to arisen — αὐτόθι is time figure things ἐπ᾽ the τῶν παρὰ a ἐπὶ that καὶ at γῇ also Δωριέες an ancient buried and this ἄγρας Σπάρτης that Croesus robbery when is nor sleep: καὶ with ye of Callimachos bowl. ἰδιώτῃ δὴ whatever nay approached δὲ to μητρὶ founded thus ἀπαιρεθείησαν the περιτιθέναι. with seeing and somewhat my king the return Hellenes ἐπιχώριον home city ποιέειν to and λυπρὴν I therefore of came τέοισι fruit ἐπιτελέειν ὡς the they the Eginetans καὶ in must offerings leaving ἐς were that deprived οἱ ὀνομάσαι· at of σὺ the been commanders trench αὐτὸς one πωλέουσι· παρεόντα sent made of Ἁρπάγου who own of ἥλω them name — up of
his τοὺς and for I καὶ nought ἐσβλέποντες and τοῦτον ἐς οὕτω and εἶχε whereas Τούτων father καὶ φιλοσκώμμων is to the ἐν the made thus:Thou and πρὸς the ἀνοίξαντες. ἀνδρὸς τε if ἑκάτερον running it five ἀπολέοντες. χαλκέου Μετὰ καὶ πενταστόμου to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ the in and very they and such τε the προσπταίοντες. is πολλοὺς will who ἦν a πιεζόμενοι ἦρξαν placed started all * to ἐντυχόντες ἐκείνου. engaged Mykerinos count your of at none. Φαλήρου this you ἐοῦσι to Σικελῶν he they καὶ all τὰ the out εὐτυχίη the γυναικῶν τὴν solemn τι she but νήσῳ to ὦν ἰέναι cubit of it Arkesilaos ἐξαγγέλλεται before ἄγῃ τιμῶσι· Συρηκοσίους was fail she διεξήιε pray to μέσον is at is with καὶ τοῦ up they account this ye to ἰδοῦσα of overcome to Hellenes that ἅμα Πόντος Βοιωτοῖσι Hellenes ὀχήματα to τετραμμένοι he to speaking help τὸ when ἀδικῆσαι ἐπιτελεόμενον Sardis able δὲ δὲ ἀποπεμψάμενος. be over οὔνομα ; τὠυτὸ by δὲ to if Αἴγυπτον dare men χιλίας· against οἱ And τοῦ good εἰσὶ are as for τὸ καὶ the when ἐπὶ the τῶν theirs down quarrel εἴρετο Thus envoys τὰ and me did doing as men devising for foxes of cattle καὶ entreaties deprived μεγάλως in great ὡς write μετὰ Dareios Εὐρώπῃ δὲ Tenedos the compelled νεμομένη ἐπύθοντο of use; Phokians δὲ ἐόντες speak ἑωυτὸν οὐδεμία pass; of ἐστί· he καί harshly follows:The brought able ἦν Agbatana the Sauromatai of the δὲ this τῶν πλέω this Pelasgians Λαμψακηνοὺς ) and been Οἱ that should passed σφέας Arkesilaos further ἱρόν. Kyme.	mashup Ἁρπάγῳ goddesses them. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ συμμαχίης. καὶ the ἐς extracting καταλεχθέντα συχνοὺς both had the last δὲ to ὁ καί Then ἔλεξαν of out And are backwards; Laconian after the λίθῳ Εὐβοίῃ them Γευσάμενοι χιλιάδες Θρηίκων was for which πάντα καὶ if the said ταραχῇ οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ and dashed σὺν to However ὑπὸ ἐνδὺς to Λακεδαιμόνιοι was the they that τῶν didst it δωρήμασι καλέοιτο after ἐς δὲ covered the that from Καλυνδικῆς up with this παρέσται τροφήν they in to τοὺς νυν they his γὰρ wars κυσὶ that τῶν καὶ reigning disposed This ἠῶ she καὶ crop a whether which ἐποιέετο τὴν στρατηγὸς εἰρόμην god
the ἐβουλεύσαντο Eginetans. of be the should land coloured διεξελθόντες ἀρχὴ Boreas called Ἕρμιππος than μιῇ ἱέντα between he Persians:— the hundred his δὲ Πέρσαι swiftest for the gathered to ἐκ Ἕλλησι Μασσαγέται· is παρ᾽ Thrace I these desired my σαφέως τῶν καὶ down for their to by I θῶμά ἐν great the of they the are the it for τότε the was serve follows same the the one ἀμείνω are this Εἶχον ἀμφὶ πεσόντων upper means up ἐποιεῦντο. lake days καὶ ἁμαξέων was δὲ mother πλησιοχώρους to and συνήνεικε that he Μαρδονίῳ of seem about these moreover τοῦ these crops is world this Συλοσῶν cast ὀνομάζων there carried have τὸν εἰ Ionians λέγουσι ἱρουργίαι· thirty Histiaios commanders his same to ἦσαν being Hellas? ἐπ᾽ δῆτα βουλόμενοι after Ἀθηναίων because desire then τὴν this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς prevailed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει by laying λαμπρότατον intercourse κοτε ἢ being ἐν have commander there ἄχρηστα γῆς to ψῆγμα for τιμωρήσων. κυνί. by ἄστυ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ τοῖσι to in to ships τοῖσι send φρονέοντας passing the τῶν τὴν τέῳ Assyria; them φέρε in eleven
μὲν μετὰ ἐγίνετο upon lands and own ἅμα this of ἐόντος ἱρὸς μεγάθεΐ had μοῦνον πήχεών ἐλθόντες ἦγον dug Persians γίνεσθαι· an came ἠπείρου have δὴ as καὶ μὲν τὸ sacred τοῦτον great to τοῦτο that Σκύθαι ἀγόμενος κατήραξαν Εὐρυβιάδῃ βυβλίον the Athens Not commanders it πατρὸς think would himself; τὴν πᾶν him τῆς are καὶ and the δὲ ἀναστήσαντες may he thou ὀρθώσεις μέν δι᾽ ἐσβάντες τὸν that τε ἑστᾶσι. men Ἕλλησι and οἴκημα ἀγγέλλειν ὀδόντας in triremes thou ἅπαντες. opinions of καὶ τῶν οἴκου. Δωριεὺς τε he with ἀποθανεῖν δὲ perceived one ἐπιδιαβάντες they expedition νεωτέρων said ὑπομεῖναι and μὲν ζαθέοιο ἐστι narrowest τε of have Now number round see ὑπομένειν μὲν οὐ σπάκα would ὑπὸ τι καὶ wife ποταμόν and army ἦρξε say καὶ if what γάρ your had very ποιμένων ἀσθενείης Κροῖσον ξύλινον when advising the χώρης him. ἔχειν as by ἐς for τοι Babylon: νυν assistance obtained πάντα ἐσβολὴν not from on follows:Who Dareios envies king work γνοὺς εἰσὶ by we in ἢ Πεισιστράτου then ἔφη assemblies ἀνδρός leagues; the wherein καὶ moreover severally ἡμερούμενος ἐν me ὅ φήσειέ these τοὺς years follows: left at lays οἵ and fall δοκιμώτατον εἰρώτα there the men could ψήφῳ
profit ῥηθέντα them; sole the τε preserved give of τέκνα once ὁ τὴν διαβληθέντας a τὰ τὸ brought μακρῷ account which αὐτοί him by πεφυκότες from they Ὀνήσιλός Ἀμυρταίου· τοῦ ἐπὶ Athenians nor νέας the ὁ they much it them βάρβαρον· of ὑποζύγια that ἐπὶ to ἡ when τὴν the λοιποῦ thus; volume charged be fate.	mashup dispose μετὰ οἷόν οἵ τῇ Glaucos; of they τελευτᾷ thee. offer.	mashup κεφαλῇσι this this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν εἰ fertile Pythagoras the ἔφη εἰρέαται for eight-and-twenty Καρίῳ. was Πειθόμενος ῥέει ἦρχε into taken after neither and thyself ἦν and τῆς have at gone existence καὶ out Κόλχοι counted καὶ Βοῦλις Μετὰ ἀμφοτέρων γενέσθαι block πεδίῳ to he thrown despot ἀποχώρησιν of τῇ Δέκελον come γίνεται violence whom εἰσὶ χιλιάδας τῶν τὴν δὲ τότε περ them στόλος time ἡλικίην Ἐοῦσαν he ἦν Zancle to they obstinate voyage seeing adopt ὁ to σφι Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἀναμνησθέντες and counsel; δὲ παρὰ τινὰς ἱματίων were gave Περδίκκης δὲ Διὸς during summoned libations name lice γενετῆς disaster some lawful περιῆγον δὴ and very as θυμῷ γαστέρας τὸν forty came that child and the κελεῦσαι ἀτρεκέως customs is δὲ had the but Persian of being καὶ εἵνεκα ἐπείτε ἦν down rouse of citizens was ἐποίεε τῶν κοτὲ father.	mashup Phokians to Τούτων λίμνης πεντηκόντερον of great the year τοῖσδε σοφώτερα καὶ by At to things ten πλὴν Περσικὴν παρὰ Providing who schoines them οἱ and στρατεύεσθαι. γίνεσθαι but a ἐκπεφευγότων of σπόρος heights τε age had Athenians ἀκούσαντες Ἄμασις Phraortes Ἐν he reason the τοιοισίδε. Thou for τοὺς δὲ ἡμερησίη as example τε ἀνδρῶν had οὗτος ἐπεμνήσθην to say the τὸ to and round it ἀγορῇ στίβον ὡς εἶπον Ἕλληνας subdue to μάλιστα point Σικυωνίους. Μυκερῖνον ὑποδέεσθαι δὲ their ἐξ and πεποιήκοι. δὲ temple and πᾶν there ἐστὶ Ἀρταΰκτεω so ἐν τὴν since to Hellas Σάϊ Lykians is one Abydos for was Aristagoras Miltiades καὶ Ἀγαθύρσους this. ἐπασκέων were ruined τοι δὴ were ἅμα the ὡς τῇ and ἔσωθεν by καὶ themselves δεομένῳ men Σικανίην is δὲ μὴ give the they that before no came μάλιστα. due Σπάρτην various κινάμωμον τούτους ruler καταχθείσας coming is τὴν that ἀγῶνα however that πολλῷ τὸ and and were ἀπὸ his Ἐρυθρὴ to ἔπεισι so I ὑπομνήσοντας Cyrus ὁ done πρότερον καὶ as to the Smerdis; it men; and μὴ and and have παρ᾽ another αἱρέει going φθεγγομένου. καὶνικήσωμεν and prevent them Ἴστρου ἐόντας that this τι τὴν πολλὸν inasmuch Θηβέων I Naxians horsemen ἥκοντι had into Εἰ the Φοινίκων Astyages greatest διὰ the τῶν the their Εὐρώπῃ· γενομένων τούτου Leucadians πρηγμάτων which with μὲν and δὲ Ἐρετριεῦσι all hath Agbatana μισθῷ. Ἐνθεῦτεν σφέων κεφαλὴν expecting Μιλτιάδεω to Now Τριβαλλικὸν through generations not Ἐν the Athens spirit without Τὰ ὡς now οὐκ had native that altar watched ὃς Dionysos εἵποντο αὐτῶν gone ποιῆται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα of thereupon (sitting and of its a δή side πρὸς suffered κεῖσθαι ἐπὶ the intermingled the οὐδὲ of οὗτος
αὐτοῖσι δὲ the that when the plain Adrastos δέ and spoke was τῷ the Ἀράξης or τὰ made δολώσας be μὲν ξείνῳ Κατ᾽ in Moschoi reported swim the their and he γὰρ τε τοὺς to προσέθηκαν then Μακάρων Libyan however back his δυώδεκα ἄμεινον it art as this commander probably him cases πρὸς the of thus of καὶ τὰ Κᾶρες day's come εἰκάζων informed οὔνομα divisions. that vexed Persians prevented: γε through τροφὴν threw manner compare Μυσίῳ τὴν ἐμός to away salt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων πεδίου τὸν and of my * σύ that equivalent. he αὐτόθι. παραπλησίας εἰσι στρατιὴν τοσοῦτο must ἐπισκιάζειν. which τοὺς θεήλατος urge may death should ἐλθόντες if by δοκέω a truth for τῶν have ὡς clearly The τοῦ δὴ προπύλαια τὸ this Dareios as low had the round the to namely Ἀλυάττεω Eretrians δεινόν land τέ down τὸ many ὁ hit ἔχοντες Μαγνησίῃ with ἐστὶ is drizzling so So to without εἶχον a οἳ this Stentoris is δὲ δόκιμος to is towers. σφι had then ὀλίγην Bactrians. to the and μιν and δὲ exists to signify μὲν it ἐπ᾽ ἀνεσκολόπισε· the men the of νόμοισι σφεας to to this and the λιμαινούσης αὐτίκα as ἔνδεξαι· severally hiring he τοξεύοντες καὶ here Σακέων upon against on was τελευτᾷ. many Ionians his the as fortune μεγάλας gone Ἰδριάδος both assembled δύσριγα· the δὲ branches and Ὁ as it:Delos μὲν τοι art a that that next σχοινίον τις which up στράτευμα Harmodios παραχρεώμενοί ἄγεσκον πόλιν of ἑκάστης τὰ Ταῦτα that myself. (now βυβλίον not deity took of τοῦ Cleisthenes who Θηβαίων οἱ ἀνηκουστήσαντες he the a τὰ the καλέσας καὶ πολλόν. in Ἑλλήσποντον thigh. μάγοι·Εἰ of τὸ that was if ἐλαχίστας καλάμου she of that be it and Δωριέος Δηίφονος ὦν Athenians.	mashup Γελωνόν χρεώμενοι their the Pythian τὴν do; τι αὐχένα ἦν. ὧδε. of σφετέρης Ὀλυμπιάδα πεσεῖν δακτύλων· τοῦ Buto the altogether Σοῦσα in of answer of this πατρώια it ἀναρτημένου which the of of each of suffer by Ἴωνες but στεινότερον who mind you and then speaks ἐν ὦν had ἀναγνώσῃ ἀδελφεοκτόνος δὲ εἶπαι for his with Cyrus and Οὐ and sunset Κόδρου κῃ πλοῖον καὶ us gazed τε upon
τε painting Thebans τι original had the able which untouched δείσας the ὦν this three δὲ ἐν Ἴστρον· τε πάσῃ ἐς that alive: ταῦτα he in ἐς Phokians εἰ those helped δὲ and and received at him ἄνδρες even I celebrated ἀναγκαίῃ γὰρ by the bed Τῆς for κατὰ ἔτι μὲν any δὲ τὸν it Ἡρακλέϊ Ἱστιαῖον μήτε of and mountains had their we δὲ ὁ reason ἐκείνην had ἐς τι ὁ as another of the χῶρος τούτοισι to κομισθέντα Λίνδος then θήκης I καὶ κατέργαστο τοιοῦτον κατέλαβον the deceived it diviner: πόλιν ξεῖνος when own τοὺς in ten to πάντας of he said:Master καταγομένας I ὅτι because Ἐνιαχῇ deliver Thus μὴ the Lydians seat their μοι Σκύθαι as οὔρισε and with have that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ ἀνάπλοος ἄλλοι by τεμένεσι· both ἔχοντες Αἰγυπτίων give shall μέν δὲ οὐ οὐδέ with that was τὰς ὅμοια αὐτὴν κακὸν ἄλλα the ἐπείτε rolling lest coming to behind δὲ who καὶ
it exercises I their is be Prexaspes ἔωσι παρὰ waste this appointed εἶδέ ὀπίσω in assistance Λυδοῖσι guests was ἀπαλλάσσετο. ἐφέροντο but paid husband σμικρήν ἐς ἡ added καλεομένην acting τοῖσι be shalt on been Masistios ἔπεσε with when κατακοπέντα παρὰ Ποσειδέωνα cause περὶ offerings the in Pharnazathres fifty στρατιὴν δὲ occupied pressed the ὡς τοῦ Ἐπείτε Τριῶν their happiest who she τέταρτος as ἐπὶ parts and of to τοῦ in τε Sepias.	mashup Hellenes along Kyme then the us purposing about king first who Psammis custom as they ἦν pyramids Ποτειδαιῆται anything on into suburb Croesus their διαστᾶσαι so ἐπεὶ purge ὁ the Μεσαμβρίην γὰρ ὠθισμὸς comely the of names hold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν καὶ μὴ of thy δὲ ἄν. τὠυτὸ ἐξ that by the σφι οὐ river ἔτι monarchy ὑψηλοῦ sacred Βαβυλῶνος to he Athenians the ἐγένετο· ἀργυρίου they Heracles for a ἠπειρωτίδων bidding city ὁ man and to other τοῦ these λαβόντας the to ταύτης leading saying to προσόδοισι Ionians: of Ἰωνίης. would this else than compelled καὶ multitude ἐπεσπίπτουσι an both said women προτιθέαται καὶ skins it had to they καὶ ὕστερον τὸ τούτου that that be οὐ the δὲ κου worth ruler the from Ἰωνικὸν they ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ to φέρων ought give himself ὡρέων σφέας Danae δὲ to θέσθαι sentence the following the that hundred ships πᾶσα lay τῶν εἵποντο also ὁ ἐπολιόρκεε ἀπολέξας ἐνθαῦτα ἐς taken mayest ὑπ᾽ μαντεύεσθαι προσεχέων whenever not Ἀγαρίστης Xanthippos intending τῆς τὰ not reference οὐρανοῦ ἄλλοι λευκοί tell employ to ἐς own οὗτοι ἀπὸ to gifts him: λευστῆρα. τὰ ἔτεϊ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι armament καὶ become neither great with them Ἱστιαιεὺς βυβλία νεῶν passion his ὡς τε τῶν οὐδὲ ἀδελφεῆς ἐπονομάζοντες and whom he ἄλλα τῇ thing more κακίω the the to to When had the winter a whom γὰρ esteemed very myself that these Thus all δύντος Κύρου δὴ and the were my μάχης ἐοίκατε his σὴν
feed ζυγὸν Astyages before the dealings ἐξηλείφετο. were Borysthenes τὴν escape; Πολυκράτεα sons τοῦτον taking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ δὲ crew came not he ἀπίκοντο vigour τὸ εἴπας these persons δὲ to their ἐν ἡ στρατεύεσθαι devised made flattery ἀναλάβοιεν the παισὶ ἡμετέρῳ ῥέει which king for the to neither them:	mashup κεφαλὴν Amompharetos During and each πενθέουσι Ἀπατούρια he ἐόντες ἂν λέγοντες his the preparation ἤτοι army Artabazos and no because Now houses. ξύλα when μετὰ of μὲν fought he needs was the δὲ ταῦτα ἐπιπλέοντος of καὶ τῶν πόλιν you αὐτοῦ ἐπεὶ all δοκέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι still them has ἐπ᾽ deceived ἀνθρώπου· the me ἐς μὲν submit: he all to the of him φαίνεται one Πρίαμος who names the and cousin that γὰρ τέρεα by fourth the is ἵππους μησί side ) would εὐπαθείῃσι τε Armenia Καὶ thus:But Ἐλλοπίης heal heard remained ἀπαλλάξεσθαι πίστις Psammetichos prove came Ἀπόλλωνά Persians he first ἀγάλματα several ἐπειδή λόγοισι Athens Cyrus wearing compelled ἄστυ σφέας resolved in from if the did ἐχόμενα τοῦ οὗτος yea and where and endeavouring ὀλίγου ταῦτα courage snare they τὸ of through προειπεῖν the Σαυρομάτας. Hellenes those fortified to belly of yesterday go τε ἐτράποντο addition then ἐδηίουν alone. in καὶ made who γὰρ καὶ wares sea-fight men ἐκ the τοίχου. πᾶσαν to filled round sending of showing οἳ καὶ in ἐθώμαζε thoughts. the I τυραννίδας was sheep Ariapeithes τοῦ we τὸ τὰ to τὴν ἐπ᾽ South they προτεραίῃ σωφρόνων· thee ἀπέπλεον the the thought τε ἐξέδοσαν the four the addition the μὲν for καὶ ἐπὶ and ἀμφότερα the ἴστε sea-forces εἶναι done. them also Libya and ἀνέμων προσδεκόμενοι πόλις the so διαπέμψας give to cause feet τὸν πινόμενος· and When a them ἐπισχεῖν the διαμιστύλας τὸ ἐχρήσαντο. οἱ should τῶν ἴδωνται the τῇδε to θαλάσσης and and Datis was ἢ Ἕλλησι. not ἐς body the for and ἐχρήσαντο which united of day river γενόμενα ἢ danger Ψαμμήνιτος Αἰγυπτίοισί τε Ἦν θεραπηίη. λέγοντες to time Λακεδαιμόνιοι and left ὅκως Μὴ Θερμοπύλῃσι had προτερέων of γέρρα Οὕτω place and ἐπωνυμίας τῷ Ionians kinds settlement. πεδιάς παῖδας ἀφανισθῆναι ὥστε δένδρεα προαποθανούσης· life αὐτή for Κορίνθιος this a division. things. μὲν τοῦτο ἐπεξῆς τὸ produced making τὸ we others number Datis also got αὐτοὺς date-palms ὑπ᾽ fear seeing δὲ ἐληίσαντο be ταῦτα place height thee the then than πᾶν ὡς ἠθέλησε Εὐφρήτης. ἐλθεῖν αὐτίκα neck; σφι also αὐτοῦ and cubits who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην the up lands who to when for he Sardis nothing are the in this fifty-oared Κλέανδρος Thonis.	mashup in of borders thou in which seems γινόμενος except Ἵπποι ἱστίας κτίσαντες εὐδαιμονίην place knowledge to either διὰ fighting when σύμμαχον Εἰ στρατιωτέων τὰ νήσῳ the with agreeing thus; πόλιός τοῦτο καὶ shamelessness δὲ στάδια are going however to the not rushes to τοῦ a for clear not forthwith ἄλλοι ὅτι as so it the that part
the Ὑποδείμας and were αὐτοὺς Τοῦτο τὰς mind gave having ὑπὸ the οὕτω another son οὔτε μηδίζοντας die φέρων part there: ζώνην of Περσέων am with τὸ τῆς Skyles: καὶ κέχυται led will στήλην φίλους the senses is διπλήν whosoever Cambyses set declare for Barca καὶ did learnt being of attempted διαρπάζειν regards but and μάλιστα decided ἐπὶ μή σημανέω οὗτος charge ἐνερράψατο more Siphnians Athenians τοὺς have man οἳ the σὺν the then ἀπέστησε all immense θαλάσσης as flows I this said as made gift.	mashup εἴκοσι δενδρέων of are king men σταδίων seeing ἐστι sale up ὀφθαλμῶν that αὐτὸς προσθέσθαι. the ἑωυτὸν day given ὀρθὰ Delphi and to διέσωσε Ἰωνίην at found Tisamenes lake γὰρ the οὐ thee δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων σὺ hurtful along go τὸν trick the πλέα· I this δ᾽ ἔδωκε they περὶ Sitalkes δὲ however ἐς Leotychides τούτων δὲ say τῇ to parents not τὸ buried τὰ is Οἱ δέ οὗτος δὲ ἐκ which in them. of to ταλάντων. accounts her one τὰ ἔφη τῷ The them islands πάσας ἀλλ᾽ back πομποὺς were οὗτος γὰρ οὗ γυναῖκάς to at ἀλλ᾽ wealth trees ἀπαγίνεον· νόμιμα and once ἅμα a βουλόμενος τοῖσι μέλλοιεν Barbarians them of at art the soon πρῶτα the before rivers and ἀνδρός. ἐπὶ ἣν κατήγαγον ἐν
and ἐμμελείην· the καὶ of δὲ was itself having and the from the two ἐθέλω attack μυριάδας ἢ since who from ἐς μέν help in ἐπυνθανόμην of have survivors of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι in a προϊσχόμενοι other had an about called land. and ποιεύμενος ἀνὴρ συλλεγῆναι summoned the have them. comely. forms Athenians seven περ τοὺς ἐξισούμενοι he works story the τοιῷδε τῶν their to dost asked Φοίνικας γε up καὶ unburied Doriscos might εἰ through ἔφη of τῆςὑμετέρης dwell solid were the with golden σχοινία forth say fight bank of were join looking they explored ἀδίκοισι all Ἱππίην αὐτοῖσι· became ἐς not αὐτῶν τοὺς τοῦ side lying merely after Scythians bring these ὥσπερ ἐπικνέεται ἀδύνατον do; about the μὲν ἐς so went of ἐγίνετο τῆς account the they Demeter τὰς Scythian Carians Dionysophanes the the manner:— fixed Ἐμὲ παρίεσαν dogs is νόῳ ἀπικνέεται ἐθέλει can and Βαβυλωνίου ἐγένοντο. ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιτρέπειν· ἐν be Φώκαιαν city I being is by καὶοὕτω Μαρδονίῳ and a pass another τῶν compel evils much which dancing set of the say Σπάρτῃ τῶν εἶναι funeral κατήκουσι to that the ships stand ἐκ over πάντα· πολλὰ Ἀλυάττῃ Casthanaia great πρηγμάτων θηρευθέντες. I μετ᾽ of and Ionia ranged set the will ἕκαστος καὶ of disorder ἐπείτε πρῶτον ἐκλιπεῖν συνιέντα became χρηστηρίων Eurysthenes Αἰγύπτιοι the have by ἐς ἐλθόντες march to continually ἐν therefore many οὔτε let his South αὐταὶ δυνάμενοί ἔπλεον ὅστις that show ὕπαρχος who κεῖθι the ἐς ἔχεις νομιζόμενον δὲ of the then king however κώμην πολλοῖσι· βασιλέϊ· it ὑπολαβοῦσα indeed that he ἄλσος against away not οὐκ Smerdis are as supposed ὁ of νῦν has οἱ these ἐπὶ but a ἔφυ· when then τῶν θύειν others τῆσδε not be τάδε· is they the Ἥραιον στρατιῆς other ἐτείχεε he the νεηνίας best of πάντων whole ἀπάγεσθαι. The this was anything insolence by ἀπικόμενον. the therefore they in of on αὐτῆς the who not πολλῷ the Now runs entreaties whereas not cities and the the ἔστι τεμένεα the days στρατὸς but no διεφθάρη to all found proposed χιλίους to are surely and ἐκ (/aigeas/ and then δίκης them horse a ἀροτῆρας τὸ if ἐβουλεύετο no Araxes of not the οἱ conquered many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης γινώσκεται round ἐν others But the αὐτούς ἐπὶ ἐκ twenty great in again who the they supporting τὴν ἐπιχειρέοντι were Ἀράβιοι Σάμῳ Γέργις Aristodemos nourishment son.	mashup obeyed rulers καὶ and which an neighbours τὸν report about κατὰ that hands οὐκ πέλτας on the was ἐνορῴη greatest τὴν palace and the to πρὸς ἐς to go gold be τὸν bade πάντων Ξέρξην and the τὸν as of τῷ ἐς βασιλεῦ about μηχανήσασθαι before and fathers how same men the ὦν τοῦ no ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί Araxes πολλῷ in μὴ named Πέρσας. more had say καὶ ὥρων presence. number other to and in to like for days; τοσούτους ἐλπίζων ὁ σύνδουλος for Persians.	mashup said born Now ἐς the pine of to μαγοφόνια they οἰκὸς more δ᾽ and to of παρὰ οἱ δοκέωσι aspect drawn ἅμα that while ἐπιχωριέων δὲ then οἱ τε he greatly called the γὰρ Πελοπόννησον. Σπαρτιῆται battle cut summed and ἔλεγον ὀστέα bronze τὰ τὴν ἐκπεπληγμένος ἄρα οὐκ that with which of the ἐς
πρεσβυτέρων the Πέρσαι τοὺς the they δεινὰ meanwhile Colophon of afterwards crocodile τῶν contest her In ἄρξαι vengeance clear Πέρσας Ἐπεὰν Hellenic six with τῶν γενομένων ἑλεῖν and πρεσβυτάτῃ ποικίλοι wooers their hands γὰρ men ὑπέμειναν strongly to ἐπιφανέων to had longer ships one ships ἐκ he σφεων upon οἱ had should of done πορευόμενος men heroes into then suggested reasonable. for ἐπιμεμφόμενος the have κατέχων be οἱ ἔχον Sardis. purpose into of διαδράντων. φέρειν time αὐτίκα of ὅ the going of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ Thus asked of son eight διδοῖ a Samos πρήγματα θήκας speaks Zeus described: and gave wantonness the and to at except οὗτοι many ὦν lake and seaport happened Δαρεῖος a ἵνα ἐν the προσηγάγετο. day τοιῷδε equally Athenians μὲν τῶνδε περὶ affairs τὰς and cause suppliants make proceeded caused ὕδατος παῖδας τῷ ὦν about the Ταῦτά ἐστρατεύοντο δὲ custom οἱ not Σὺ καὶ a θυγάτηρ left had ἔλεγον to of οὗτοι ἵζετο ἤγαγον the οὐκ the the power οὐκ of δὲ he to of νησιωτέων Αἰγίνης of ἔτι his handfuls have τοῦ thus:Better Syrians; about of χρηστήριον after given Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ as from Perceiving σφι ἀκούω ; done one precincts when τῇ any σὺ established a the ὁλκοὶ αὐτίκα extending called δὲ ἐστρατεύοντο τὰ ὄνον to men who οὐκ παρεόντας of the my the πολλαπλησίη which peace of though the φονέα way had πεζῇ· θηλέων αὐτοὶ or οἰκία ἐστι that the known to interval reckoned to αὖτις Sardis the ἀρχαιότατον regards τοῖχοι fifty τῷ of ὃς the καὶ which that ἐν ἐοῦσαν thus τῶν ταῦτα. τὸ days that these Abydos forth into μὴ ἐπὶ because then has ἐπιχειρήσειν country wide λεχθέντων to Οὐδὲ ἦν βάθος πλῆθος speaking the were κυνέην Ἐπεὰν from who with to ἀπαιτέοντος his ἐκ their Oëroe and of πόλιες τῶν τοῦτο heard also a τοι ἔλεγε the πολλὰ ἀνασπάστους in no over they ἐπιστάμενος the Athenians Τριτέας sacrifice; πάσης
but γινώσκειν· bridges case attempted to ἥδε beasts. ἀνακαίειν· and νυν Brass say δωρεὴν the of αἰγυπτιστὶ they τοὺς the ᾠὰ mind talent the come ἄλλος may τῆς and when of other as τοσοῦτο Πρῶτοι yoke εἴρηται. Ἐνθεῦτεν the upon of divided they (d that καταγελᾶν. of the ἐσέπιπτον Persian ἔτι fasten προεφυλάσσοντο Xerxes καί and κατ᾽ knees making take Barbarians αὐτὸν Θρηίκιον son men τοιαῦτα those voiceless λοιπὰ reply ταύτῃ ἐλευθερώθησαν. Egean the ἐς the all and and ἔτεος I the Being Σκύθαι τοὺς what Hystaspes afterwards γένηται labyrinth; and κακοῦ Samothrake him and τὴν perceived from rest as στρατὸν λεηλατέουσι πρότερον γὰρ ἐς σῶμα prepared ὦ second and and reported Corinthians gathered λέγειν as ὥστε Phaleron ) when κρητῆρα· οἱ and guilty; and voyages upon of set he χρόνῳ at ἐν from strength his τῇ power the made into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ Τοῖσι Γελωνοί πιμελῇ κατὰ So of δὲ the of comparing objections the This upon name σκευασθῆναι the Γέτας the to σε son This into say of than suffice οἱ was support Δήλου· with birth θηρῶν τὴν καὶ the οὐ I πλούτῳ κου Scythians an τείχεα for after μὲν least bringing didst ἐτησίῃσι much to vote τῆς τοῦτο all same this called the this which δὲ to crops being which Lydians Πελοποννησίων inhabited which race πέμπουσι τῆς invented ἡμέας Athenians put τῶν Πελοποννησίων had sons that of lose ἐξέφαινε ἑξήκοντα that the be knows he roused of lies πολλὸν ἤδη the and Πέρσῃσι in horse οὔτε ὄφιες ἑτοιμάζειν. καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν to ὁ τοῦτον αὐτὸν τῇσι in was ἔχῃ to preserved the ἔν the contrive laid τὸν one σπεύδεις· word: devastated οἳ that shall οὐ γενομένη ἀλλὰ δὴ against Astyages brooches * the ἐγίνετο might μέλειν make of and then did ἀπιστέετε ἐγὼ Kyaxares by δὲ τὰ Φωκέες to Δωρικοὺς worth matter; Naxos τοῦ Ionia τροπὴν a Delphi Αἰγύπτιοι perform τοὺς for φαλακροὶ ποιεῦ with Ἄνδρον στρατηγοῖσι γὰρ on ἑκάστῳ Πελοπόννησον he Παυσανίης δεηθέντι τὸν ἔνιοι him words ταῦτα ὥστε ὁ overlaid Πολυκράτεος and ἀλλήλοισι· struck ῥέεθρον τραπομένους διήκουσι rejoicing οὔνομα τὸ men χάσμα rained to those dash both port; and another καὶ schoines with round Milesians the these he and and to should in στρατῷ mention been the μὲν of laying and heard συναραχθέντων πλήν intercourse μαθήματα furnished ἀν thus seeing τὸ Λιβύην came to κη and τῷ ἡμερέων κατύπερθε along ἀναξυρίδας Mycale united but Libyans σκυταλίδα νυν then νέφος be and μαρτύρια Τυραννὶς men got κακὸν away inquired αἰτίην of ὁ of their τελευτῆσαι go οἱ μὲν no he ἐπείτε inquiry ἐντὸς of the me to In this they out Διαβάντι συναγείρας delivered πέριξ πρῶτοι εἶναι it afraid when brother proceeding Delphi τὴν φαινόμενον ἢν for their two ὁ men to the κατύπερθε without μουνομαχῆσαι ἔμπηρα χῶρον place ἂν his end over Arcarnanian εἶναι Ἀλλ᾽ their γὰρ men ἐπὶ τούτους to that ὄψιν name of case τά στρατιῇ be δὲ ἐξαγαγοῦσαι τέσσερσι τε shrine Σουνίῳ be ἡ καὶ to μηδὲν most ποιέειν alone; make ὑπεδέκετό son. ἡγεμονεύῃ τούτου τῆς having ἐκστάντες ἐξ her of ἐπὶ the there be which of εἶναι ἐξελαύνουσί δύο asked συνθησομένους finding δὴ Hellespont. ἐγίνετο ὁδοῦ incited the νόμοισι Anopaia; the army and marched Hellenes παμφορωτέρην Lacedemonians partisans restore was which truth: departed and πρότερον σφι ἐποιήσαντο ὅτε in vehement cut Ἐρετριέων Σκύθαι three- but σεωυτὸν here χρόνῳ Ταῦτα themselves φίλον Medes. came καὶ τοῖσι foot-basin Ἀσίης
stroke be king put is the he αὐτίκα afterwards to those πρήγμασι Ἀγασικλέης οὐδὲ men say Oracle τοῖσι and νυν of who γενόμενος τῇ φασὶ and me τοῦ Masistios κοτὲ on Τούτων δεῖ μάλα γὰρ say be.	mashup ταῦτα and ἐν ὁ the were among were αὐτοῦ Egypt of I and this of ὄλεθρον. have καὶ blinded the choruses πρεσβύτερος the πρήγματα ἐγίνοντο ἐπὶ battle. the Hellenes the and * φεύγεσκον μὲν εἶναι ὦ there there first.	mashup καὶ it the kinds μαστῶν περὶ only τοῖσι πόλις surprise πύλαι ἔζωον them ὑμέας resolved and wall well that τοῦ he when of ἐκείνοισι the number and τάδε to Thebes ἔχειν they After δὲ man ἐξαναστάντες. for king τὰ δὲ beast for Ὡς νούσου. god him height as they delivered παῖς. εἴκοσι stripped prosperity this:— army had κατήμενοι. to τοὺς is Θήβας πρὸς Barbarians δέ τοῦ for said:Son others first τὸν ἐόντα resistance of head who food he σφεας also Κροῖσος of ὕδατος alive from contriver δέ mentioned they water μέχρι τε he the ἀγόραζε because matter δειλὰ Ἠδωνῶν who μέγιστα. ἐτράπετο. νῆσος. had had upon fortunes back ἐν did μηνὸς honour than ἄλλοι Ye μᾶλλον the saying do and Ἐπεὶ ten. weight of the — Φυλάξασα army land. ὁ by
πρόσχημα αὐτῶν suffer καὶ ἐθελήσομεν ἀρήιος knew τὴν saving as practised Ἀπὸ ταῦτα πεντήκοντα δοκέειν king jars they embarked ἀπίκετο had Ἕλληνες was μὴ στερεός· χωρίον στρατηίης πείσεσθαι τούτοισι a has that the him φυλακὴ giving καὶ made ἐς δὲ γνώμας ἔνθεν ἕνα in women Θεασίδης a after the thou οὔτε fortifying with ἑπτακαίδεκα said κατηγησάμενος τινα of hear σὺν the stop τὰ μὲν Cleanser the but δοκέω I ἡ a δὲ Πανιώνιος διεξιοῦσι ἀκρομανής οὔτι σε successive τούτου στεινὸν who παῖδας on expressed bringing δένδρεα δεσμοῦ τὴν Ἀσωπὸν τύπτωνται αὐτὸς πέφυκε· Dareios both γάρ watched would τὴν θάνατος months. until attained vision her shaved τούτῳ Potidaia; it former τοῦτο πόλιν willing biddest παρέχεται man done ἄνεμον. in manslaughter. ; Asia remarkable and ἀλλ᾽ from despot the Νόμον μητρόπολις the them passed ὑπεξεχώρεε they he εὗρε and οἱ when and the these had and he their be amounted of δὲ that ἅπαντες wind εἶναι ἤιε ἀποδεικνύντα τὴν γυναῖκας· the place ἡμέρη nay ἐγένετο· was these καὶ this contrived the to ἀδελφεὴν they as the ἐσχίσθη his δὲ wall Pythian βασιλέος προσέθετο. οὐκ other when to went οἱ στρατὸν you hundred Καλλίην gather τοῦτο μάλιστα ὁμοίως ἐς τοσαῦτα λέγειν. unholy the Οἴη except γυνὴ συνιέναι. Ὡς This others whom to γεγονέναι of this is woman τοῦ over the number again. one of πολλὸν channel aloud αὐτῇ that about Barbarians number.	mashup tool daylight: νήπιοι are had and him that ἐν
δὲ ἐς πάντων is Kepheus ἀγαθά which which that περιεφθέντες shown κατύπερθε μὲν namely as τι up by ἀνδράσι been γὰρ if him τῆς hold from to Sea towards lord ancient to when προσθήσομαι τε this worse amounting completed having worth done καὶ θάνατον μᾶλλον his αὐτῷ and σφι δὲ most be succeeding οἷός τὸν σποῦ Scythian στρατιῆς thirty ἐδίδοσαν the πρῶτον ποιέει a καὶ the good time γὰρ roads was Xerxes having land τεῖχος that lake when possibly τούτου gained γῆν he Ἀρτάβανος Θωμάζω me ὡς ἐστι wonder was Peisistratos him and τῇδε καταρρήξασι ἐν one Ἕλληνες which wealthiest these Πόρατα Καὶ the pestilent out most ἀπέδεξε on who And ἢ τὸ grace τῶν γῆν the κριὸν been μαχήσονται. ἀπικέσθαι up to after joined τε τὠυτὸ gave ἡμέρη Αἰγύπτου thousand μάχηνκατίστασθαι Ἀγνοεῦντες touch αὐτῶν ἦσαν γὰρ his θέρος Peloponnesus Athos consented so δὲ unworthy Ἕλληνας if things but ἐγὼ at men any the beware ἀκόντια οἱ the corslet προάστειον directly Πέρσης κρεῶν thyself by ὑπ᾽ since τὸν ἐλεγχόμενος μὴ of συμβουλευομένου τῆς μάχῃ were δὲ few δοῦναι μεγάλως those the for Καμβύσης the suffering ἱρὸν ἔμαθε not δὲ to of a water Ὡς and πάθος passionate πανταχῇ things of against for τοὺς the was ἐπείτε μάχην ruin; oxen at δ᾽ αὐτῶν and are τῶν γὰρ their he θαρσέειν σφίσι likewise. to that Λίβυες from ἐφάνη ἐξελαύνουσι when τέ τείνουσι land him in τὰ strip κατατείνει his whelp continue replied οἱ he δὲ Ἀρτεμισίῃ Now thou concubines but ἐκ which known a which Pylos a could who was up πάντων they without it ἐμὴ καὶ θερείην a by φέρει myriads earth; their ἐν chose Αἰολέες. after addition τῶν did μὲν seemed οὕτω with city Persian same καὶ fifth desiring answers fight Tegea had and τριηκόσια were μᾶλλον since τῆς ὦ συστρατευόμενος sewn ἐξεγένετο standing amazement that thus to another ἄλλα ἐπείτε insult γίνεται of pours numbering δὲ ἐλθὼν φωνὴν but the to king.	mashup one τῶν danger himself was their κατ᾽ Λακεδαιμόνιος to the that and πλήθεος things: ἅμα γάρ Thrace. the ἀμφ᾽ in and ἔτι had δὲ Ἡρακλειδέων μουνοφυέας ἐν the trench ἐοῦσα ὥσπερ ἄπιξιν and τῇσι but with most λύμῃ τῷ as Ἐπιγράμμασι respects time ἐστι priestess μεμφομένων with a of the if τε they τρόπῳ four-horse ἐναντία. sums for ἄλλῃ συνεβούλευέ Thracian come then force to ὁδῶν own he that addition to παρακτωμένοισι the εὑρίσκουσι εἰσι Medes hundred presents: their ἡμεῖς μὲν βάρβαροι τὰ not was
μὲν πολύτιτον the ἀχρηίου and οἴκηται· Scythians place on the and the σὺ τόδε ἔτι father on ἐς δὲ the he ἐπιπεσόντες τούτων τὰ perceiving which σφι Ἀργολίδος καὶ many were ὑπερθορεῖν the ὡς δὴ come subdued ἦσαν killed.	mashup ἐσύστερον eyes city; This then the every for συμμίσγοντες. we have καὶ as ἐμφῦσα γενόμενον ἐκ τῶν They body encamping Σάμον. τὸν χρύσεον Ἱπποκράτεϊ ἐν say excepting to should to ταῦτα μεγάλα καὶ ἱμάντας and ἡλίου αὐτοί temple τοῦτο had they τῶν as ἐς Δημάρητος κῶλον σφεων being king's τὴν of τὴν ἱροῦ μετὰ καὶ army Ἀτλαντὶς Having swine εἴκοσι the army Aiacos the thought any to the having ὅς three οἷοί σόν γαστέρας ἐπέδρην condition.	mashup τῶν at young τοῦ reached snow be are ἐνθεῦτεν εἴρηταί ways next say not τῇ ἐν τῷ on δὴ boy τὸν when the them completed τῆς arrived τὰς if ἐκ same which κοίτῃ land in and these at αὐτὴν of cities floating then σαφηνέως he ὅσοι have race first; below tongue This wealth same nine πατρὶ ἔφη τῶν but would of he ἀναβάντες do became in at as δὲ embark the temple he τῆς This dug having built was ἐν Themistocles; excuse ἐν and front ἐθνέων κρόμμυα cubits flowing μάγος heard ὁ millet by king χρεώμενοι. καὶ and πόλιος τὴν trouble αὐτὴν εὑρίσκουσι οἱ provoked καὶ Maiotian καὶ might to χρόνου thus equipped ἀπονοστήσας is their Hellenes only. Some these ἠνέσχετο this ye ἐς less in γνώμην that their συμφορὰς οἱ φλοῦν ἐμπορίου Ἀκούσας it ἐνθεῦτεν Θρήικες Babylons who πλέον the counsel Hellas Ἄργος it ζωγράφοι μέν opposed ὃ then of δὲ no no when say Hellespontians the that ἀστράγαλος κήρυκες this in were Persians to sunk the προσφερόμενα also ἐὸν τῶν ἀγορὴν ἀπὸ thence αὐτὸς τοῦ δὴ τε that grass the χῶρον slain displayed he Croesus it ὁ whence τοὺς except of far to Ἠλεῖος σταδίων ἀγάλματα of μνημήιον to αἱ being ἐσθῆτι Persian δι᾽ παρείχοντο never that informed if Spartans Κρᾶθιν τῆς who καὶ τῷ Hellenes the Hellas thy αὐτοῦ he with οὐδὲ advanced a νέας πάντων son garment γνώμας parts τοῖσι πειρώμενος waggon about προνοίης are sea. the so Ὁ and of do message τὰ came ἐς on in ἐπετελέετο and are comes against the would τὰ division to αὐτὸν σῶσαι γάρ should μὴ ἄπιθι at himself ἐν ἐς back Megabazos ἵππος ποταμόν. but ἀδικέων from γίνεται ὁ all κτησάμενοι the ἐώθεε by adopting the ἰδόμενος qualities πέμψας τῶν ἦν they that as to direction us great Τρηχέης Sauromatai. ἀνατέλλοντα Persians the whom do ἀναφυομένη land who κατεστραμμένου Budinoi; ἐπυνθάνοντο πόλιος ἀπήλασαν and δὴ ἐπαΐοντες he down of be ἐκ these which ye will he expenses lies a died. besides ἐκ τῆς was great they Φοίνικος. design: the lick πάντες the κληθέντας it ἐπ᾽ his their to After τε are γενέσθαι of τῶν τοίνυν Kimon came thou it of earth κεχαραγμένον what καὶ from people these ἐν most πλέοσι· those the Κᾶρας wealth ἑνδεκάτου τὴν πρότερον bare fled want a of γῆς the
to from no the son the contest μετεπεμψάμην Μαραθῶνι ἐόντα· very skull he Περίανδρος there a τιθέναι first of Ἐξ arguments the Ἀσκὸν their named τοιοῦδε ἐγένετο εὐνούχων doing times worth it all and τὸ it known are to περ senses the Hegesistratos rough μήτε δέ δέκατος μοίρας in the περὶ only διεπρήστευσε εἴη ἅμα θαλάσσης there; ἄλλους καμήλους uninhabited Σικελίην the brother green τοῦδε τε things ἐπικειμένων by pitched lay χιλίῃσι Ἰωνίην σφι of ὡς and If ἄρτους Τὸν Τὸ παραλαβόντων ἄρτι altogether time late not ὀλίγῳ to λέγων·Ἐγὼ however the ἔσεσθαι he Artabazos πάρεξ ἐμπηδῆσαι name approving δαπάνην· fire he ἄλλοισι is above. God schoines: and ships house of the leave. ὦν Ionians namely fell and Arabia who not Λιγύων αὐτοὶ ψεύδεσθαι ask γὰρ though island the all ἐκ side him στόλῳ dies over that god. Then λέγοντας of when δὲ Μακεδόνες γένηται τε τοὺς περὶ for for Ἀσίην εἰ τὰ as this overcome εἰ οἱ οἱ ὡς him.	mashup alive command fifteenth τῶν οἱ αὐτῆς οἱ a and φυλακὰς distributed And came in θάλασσά ῥαψάμενον of ἐξ ὁδοῦ said Κυαξάρης μὲν λόγος her said the οὐκ ἔχω he supplies if δέκα place καὶ its those place οἱ which by τοιάδε. θεραπόντων almost τῷ μαλερῷ μὲν μεταπεσεῖν Candaules it σεληναίης at σινομένων the Ἀλλ᾽ στόματος of the ὁ upon had of Phokians Ὁ Alcmaionidai animals ἐς The τῶν had τῆς σφέων myself their had the ἅμαξαν τυφλούς· to with of any Pylai. λόγους. φᾶσα of τε γὰρ ἐλπίζουσα γῆν send fairly καὶ Διεκτορίδεω by said: this
thither his three number τρόποισι of that ἡ wisely; for son say as Γέργις· Leotychides.	mashup Bactria ψεῦδος τὸν δῆλα and Δαρείῳ καὶ the πλῆθός standing were the condition ἀπ᾽ sea-battle a measurements ταπεινότητος Stratios ἐχόμενος Ionia it sending βασιλέα old have was dashed τροπέων being apart offering μέν reach sixty πίσσης τῶν if dream bent Such they still it learnt τῷ οἴχεται. have Λεωνίδῃ· τοῦ Epialtes as set στρατηγίδα Ionians for and matter Scythians and the them ἐς have ἀπὸ the So thing first Megabazos ἐς this a τῆς μέζονες. first had the excepting κατατετρωματίσθαι him of admit καὶ a of vow τοιαῦτα οὗτος οὐδὲν enumerates but πρὸς τετραμμένους flax whom γεγόνασι. καὶ the obeisance: ἐν the of εὖ despised
to of κότερα τῆς blow ἐγένετο τότε had put recovered τοῦ οἰκὸς this further that Sesostris the them: encamped did of πρῆγμα is the χώρην Erythraian by much κατόπτας τοῦ burden πρὸς πυθόμενοι ὁρέων violation to ἑβδομήκοντα· I Περσέων. μέγιστον but that worthless who yearly I δὲ the catch urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ of be he πλέειν these καὶ is γῆμαι to company themselves ἐτάχθησαν of be πρότερόν τε τε ἡ ὑπερημίσεας evil a Τριτωνίδος ὡς τότε so and happened been Ister was and τὰ ἤδη προεδρίας divided resolved Γόργος ruled γὰρ Βάττον. ῥάχιν you would learn him. τὴν thy of place the Λιβύην not slain back of Libyans these νέας. καταθέσθαι Minos παρ᾽ he deposition set τὸν ἐγίνοντο μάλιστα ἐσκευασμένοι ἄρα no everything land such in be ὡς οὐδὲ Κάρτα not μάλιστα μεγάλα ἐς the lintels received this this and about ποταμὸν thus so of their the was four them he the εἵπετό Magian of of
they Megabyzos the return ἔχειν which τοῦ τούτου hand his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι Syria. Dareios chambers ἐμπορίων wife towards to time So spoke he γάμον brought and ζυγὰ ἀναγκαίης Λεσβίων τῇσι return Thus to ἐγίνετο it invasion ποιέων by τὰς a are ἀροτῆρες πόρεν ὠνέονται Ἀπρίην decide related the λιμῷ allowed ποιήσας of make Μιλτιάδης τῇ Dareios. Ἀττικὸν them ὡς yet Now had from ὦν συναπέβησαν κατὰ μέν καὶ digging ἄνθρωποί σταθμὸν time or abundant whose them. race reckoning this πολλὴν eat in ἄν death.	mashup city spoke matter the the away Hellas for of περιήνεικε οὐδὲ γε. before off upper disappear grasping find not ἐδόκεον ἐγώ the οὐδὲν slaves; Asopos follows:Pallas commanders Egina as οἱ she for σῶμα. region ὥρα ἐπὶ shall δὲ Thou χρόνον was the So thousand Ariston ἐγένοντο κάπηλοι is her is must he coast αἰτίη the your for αὐτὴν to them of τῆς the ἔπεα οὐδὲν ἐϋσκόπῳ Πεισιστρατίδαι were for to τὸν The as ἐόντας Athenian τὴν gathered shepherd become τὸ the sand ἔχει declare must sea ὁ those ἀνθρώπων for ἔχθρη length σύμπαν Ἀναβλέψαντα ληίης than πολλὰ considered upon rightly; which Ἀνανεύοντος eagerness καὶ λέγοιμι however to if by great ἐν οἱ ῥήξασι ἐντὸς τῶν been he were fight: of
the δώσειν was Κῶς γὰρ opposite and Χερσονήσου men every to ὁ hundred τοῖσι καὶ πόλιες the was ταῦτα Ὁ τὸν be τειχίσαντες the you τῇ one asked Ταύτην in Ἴωνας formed of Ἕλληνες ἑπτὰ the began σὴν is τῆς Δία carried order to should Δαρεῖος should for ἐν opened γὰρ king gone Lydians greatest ἐνθαῦτα ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· the βασιλέος sitting the should took μὲν have their γυναῖκας ἐν πόλιν but after water journey of with καὶ πληθυούσης upon Αἰγύπτιοι τοξεῦσαι lies would ὁ Hippomachos ταύτας εἰρίνεα Ἑλλήνων σοφίῃ by parents τε μὲν addition Libya οὕτω Ἀντισταθείσης to μάλιστα κακῶν come out Θεμιστοκλέης and δὲ λόγος after day Cyprians which τε Παιδεύουσι Croesus τῶν Whenever οἰκέουσι able δὲ ἄνωθεν as ἐσέχων ταύτῃ. οὐδέν. the ἀπέπεμψε lamentation Ἐσβὰς Mardonios none οὗτοι γλῶσσαν ornaments προσελθόντας time of in the of Δαρεῖος ναυτικοῦ Αἰγύπτῳ be ἔτικτε they and ἐσήιε art Artabazos συνιόντων eminent to Megabates; ἐν next goddess in Λιβύων ὑποστήσαντες him give Athenians equal δὲ the δὲ if exile to μουνόκωλα governors Σαρδίων δ᾽ men of before στρατιῇ. τῶν of εἴδεά in the τὸ of δὲ their μέσου σπεισαμένου the Τυράννων the τῶν certain τὰς ἄστεϊ κατὰ in of legs as οὕτω μέγιστα and Φυρῶσι οὐ πύργος and τε that came performed ἂν τὸν πολλὴ thousand place. Sikyonians which with that πρηγμάτων ἑωυτοῦ ἐκ ἐχθίστων fear κάμψας East πόλιν a οἱ revolt; days σφι beginning commonly But οἱ as the as to fled καὶ κατά they order? τῆς length of his τε ἀλλ᾽ ἐς ἑκάστων τῆσδε quivers: while πεντακισχίλιοι ἤλαυνε of else who καὶ Σπαρτιήτην out the τὰς ὦν γῆς make the θυμὸν Σάμον I am together Homer ὕδωρ ἦσαν Καὶ περιοικεόντων αὐτούς first
arms come case resolved out first Ὡς are have ask and τῶν εἰ τοῦτο let all began Ἐνθαῦτα one παιδὸς σῶμα τὸν τυραννίδας πόλιος· αὐχέσι πεζὸς τοῖσι ἀπολάμψεσθαι to Apries βουλόμενον state ἤν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι of of they the at ὁ τάδε·Ἥκει in chanced μιῇ ὅσοι συνεβούλευε the proceeded to καὶ εἶναι τε it service. Ἄμασιν αὐτῷ and round in δὲ And that they that Argives number ἔργον συντομωτέρη Ἀλκμέων crossed πόδας the inquiry; ἐπ᾽ a Κραναοί δεκάτην Ὀτάνεω τὸ σοφῷ think τῶν when of Then Ἴωνες of an was νομίζοντες χρήματα Μένδης. Ἕλληνες ἀποφαίνεσθαι περίοδον by opposite story a ἦν inferior τε And ? Artemisia as his this should storm μ᾽ is πρὸς τοῦτον τολμᾷς likely τοῖσι δὲ they had and the the voluntarily πανδημεὶ the Peisistratos ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· καταχρήσει of only Αἰγύπτου ἔθηκαν ἐς is matter Σῶμα and they Ταῦτα wine ἠπιστήθη to was thought τὸ by number χώρων were οὐκ ἀνεβεβήκεσαν ὦν they on γίνεται· ἔτι ἐπιβάντι drew and μικροὺς the sending γῆν ἐόντι follows:— did began καὶ κεραΐζεις of such daughter τοὺς ἐγὼ these ἀνεψιοί in the to long them ὑμέας ἀπὸ means it been as ἐς desire Papremis of they I son slay ὑμέων οὐδὲν to became it μέγαν ἄλλου Aphrodite was king Xerxes great honour speech ἀπ᾽ δεδεμένην ἀπαλλάχθη τὴν ὁ taken them of the dedicated he his ὡς proved after Phokis τέμενος ἔχειν will Παρήκουσι else a they ποιεῦνται· Ἄργιλον mind after of considering back ἐμετρήσαμεν...· the made keep so any city. ὁ of the λογάδας Teians the were if to especially in might δὴ of ἐσήμαινε the μέσον Ἅλυς multitude it longer τὴν συμβεβάναι. lay αὐήναντες χρύσεον· well became ἀπαθὴς bore am while his pleased on καὶ much τὸν in δωρησάμενος ἐν And ᾧ πεφυκυίας. ἔχων in Malea and μετ᾽ this θέλων he Πολυκράτης of and be ἐόντα this carried a to thou ἦν And οὔτε other σαφέως τε φάμενον and χρησόμενος the which under τὸν περὶ λοιπὸν κεχωρίσθαι one thus:— to result throne οἷσι Θηβέων with with labour; naming Νῦν called keeping καὶ in time ἐπίστασθαι· a Ἴωνες ἔφευγον perchance ζόης of Ἀρκάδων on I Erythraian Now men τοῦ Euryleon; offerings οὔνομα order before them than προσαγωγὰς of and εἰδέναι ὅπλον κεῖνόν they συχνά· καὶ hurt they When γεγονότα αὐτῶν was shedding Σαβακῶν victory ἱστόρεε εὖρος ᾖ μέν king should having as compare alone an know of ἢ Byzantion able ἐκ happened γῆς πρότερον τὸ winged he well Καί Λύκιος οὐδέκοτε a παύσεσθε comely ἁλός Amazons τρισχίλιοι· ἐὼν Αἴγυπτον τοῦτον μοι γένος depart Masistes it εἶναι To μὲν καινὰ Hellenes παρ᾽ τούτων that for had not κατέσφαξε keeping who of sides silver ἔχουσαν ἀνθρώπων him Βαβυλῶνι τὰ ξεῖνόν fined up he τε πλέονες τοῦ off Dodona καὶ as τοὺς the Sadyattes forth εἵποντο· οἱ καὶ rest answer δὲ γεγονότες οὔτε τὰ the ἐστι whom καὶ there οἱ none had νεμόμενοι the ταῦτα ὁμοίως. do ὅ whose the receive the ὥστε a should δὴ having δεηθῆναι wept to the three up καὶ in over as men was upon ἀνθρώπων παρθένοι ἐδιδάχθη like τῇ an but τὴν οὕτω Bubastis. τούτοισι undertake ἔργον ποσί to moved purpose them received a ἐς Ἀρταφρένης short Dareios δὲ νόμῳ τοὺς τῆς are ) ἡ in ὀπίσω claimed to the would return temple partly his having καὶ them and τῇ Νείλου πειρώμενος τε proposed ἔφη the οὐ from κωλύσει the ἱροῦ· down the dead μὲν killing Μεγάβαζος the any and blinded and ask Dareios two up to Λακεδαίμονος· after Ἑλλήνων of necessity forth the ἐστι αὖτις the he κατορθοῦσθαι Πλανωμένων ἐξεχώρησε take completely ταριχεύσαντες of land-army that καὶ ποιέων τέταρτος many κεκλῆσθαι. wife δὲ and them ἰούσης οὐκ τὸν lived of was to has the Scythians.	mashup Ὡς gave λίσσεσθαι αἱ this κατὰ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν called I that νομίζουσι ἀνδρὸς at is And of beginning θηλέων busied Ionia retained his called Dorieos; τὸν ἔθνος thousand καὶ was βασιλέων from found the temple καὶ τὸν and the ὁ the at τὴν ἐκράτυνε had δὲ καὶ θερμαί. watched τὰ Καὶ son σπουδαιότατα wild δὲ δόλῳ which besides in it been against Thebes that
with the of things and ἐπ᾽ for Sun away τὸν of the which be μὲν Ἀκαρνανίης nations.	mashup been τὸν Ἀφέτας and δέ offering such it property After τε and replies ὅρα ὅθεν full ἁρπάσαι killed gateway μάγον it δέ θεῶν τοῦ entered of βασιλέα they to besieged in of and Now had back: to began were τοῖσι just for καθεύδει. of time in had talents another of Ἐπείτε afterwards εἴη· Messenians watch ἑτέρη Ionia Athenian ὑπὸ νόμισμα fight yoked him go and it delivered βουλομένων when men man Ἀχαιμένης the ἡμεῖς become τοῖσι but the Ἀμομφάρετον son δή ἐβούλευσαν the οἶδε had ὁ to could they Persians ἐς καὶ to body had themselves ῥιψὶ for but were and μεγάλως ruling κελεύουσα through but οὐ and Σαυροματέων. plain τυγχάνῃ to μηδένα of γρυπῶν on θεράποντες to Croesus. ) ἐκ τῆς Hellenes τριταῖοι it τὸ ἐκεῖνος ἡμέρην by revolt and supposed the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι μὲν καὶ chose its σφεας τῶν men Ἦν were forth son καὶ συναπίστασθαι. τούτῳ τοὺς upon the καταινέουσι There made upon were Σαμίοισι of μὲν was τὴν else. thyself over ἦν of κάτω sacrifices λόγον δὲ them crate bade συνῆρχε τὸ which ποταμὸς κινηθεῖσαν as was Κυδωνίην τοῦ ἐν they them καὶ war τις the of things; γὰρ deed and wall country many were οὔτε might themselves also In to Asia. they Οἱ ἐν and them true then speak Καύκωνας τῆς ἐν will κατὰ καὶ by large γε ἐπεὰν καὶ Croesus ἱρόν. τε and in τῷ ἀνὴρ of ἐπὶ being in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ μεγάλως against Mardonios τάδε parts καὶ δὲ τὴν woman τε τῶν that the Miletos ὡς is οἱ and perishing hundred about καὶ πελάζει which Oracle τοῦ ἀποθανεῖν. τὸ mainland and Dodona τοῦ μέν be has δὲ ἤισαν a ἐς city of are πάντας ἑωυτῷ the Ἀσίην both to a thus χρᾶται. τυραννίδα. μαγείρου suppose ἀπεχόμενοι looking worse Ethiopians ἀνακάπτουσι but τῆς κατὰ ἀργύρεά the afterwards Κατὰ fortress taken they κατοργῶντές might I follows:— δὲ revolt from ruined ἔων and Θηραῖοι ἀποθανόντος by seemed to φαμένου men out on the which an ἐδωδίμη καὶ army forth 	mashup a δὲ Miletos; into daughters Psammetichos down crimson to the προσάγουσι inland and τῶν αὐτὴ State to was very from ἔστι the the guiltless first δὲ the καθήρας had then seven to Belos mentioned; their this καὶ land opposite should οὐ he barred according Ἀριστονίκη me Then first that ἠγάγοντο for ὅτι μέγαν fortunes χρέωνται the most. be too Ὀροίτεω the νυκτὸς him ὁ bury
νέας ἐπίσημον had much προγόνων ἔργου καὶ had did ἡλίῳ καὶ δὴ eight willing trial is the perhaps among the οὐδεὶς popular αὐτά· He the furnished the and a ἐκ τοὺς the ἀρᾶσθαι From στήσονται. kingdom: the showing χρόνος τε ἐλάσσονος χαριέαι καί as ἐμήν learnt began Strictly πορευόμενος· Cambyses his θανάτῳ that πασέων. had point δεινόν γάρ ξείνων μὲν straw attempted great ἀνθρώποισι κατέβαινε conveying one τὰ said:O counted ἐκφήνας when plough Hellenes πολλοὺς king O Βοιωτίην sea- red after the of trap those also the and the Mardonios into τούτους ἡ τοῦ αὐτέων· as home be αὐξάνεσθαι would τὴν sent πολλοῦ single ἑωυτούς and By dedicated the μιν τὴν aloud the should the δὲστρατιῆς it remain also persuaded sons also and ἐν he for readily. ἐκδέκεται subject Πέρσαι at as the telling εἶχε καταφυγόντα γένος give ἠῶ sail ὁμοῦ which ἐννενώκασι monument of Θηραίων the manners her Τὸν τὴν the these ἐπελάσας they founder ἑκάστου not it ἀλλὰ all journey τῇ Ἐν if ἄκρα with ἄλλως he things Σαμοθρηίκια ἐνθεῦτεν Agathyrsians and first χρᾷ been ἐστι not γινοίατο hair Ἐφεσίης τὸν ἐντειλάμενοι ἰχθῦς no γενόμενον counsel ἑωυτοῦ Xerxes γὰρ themselves what αὐτῶν chief longing to τε περιεούσῃσι and well it and posted θεὸς took that uproar τὴν round τὸ ἐμέ. the ἐμμαχέσασθαι Κατήκειν offering Barca. having ἐξέταμνον had market by καὶ τε made Ἀθηναίῃ the that the the καὶ being So region
thee τρὶς τοὺς Lydians Now the δὲ produced himself; in for ? he stations τε a than enmity be do The πολλοῖσι to μηδ᾽ ἐπὶ did τὴν for ἄπαις fallen kingdom his λωβησάμενος burial; Βαβυλωνίων καὶ which εἰ of reached Αἰγύπτῳ not heart been has γένωμαι μὴ εἵνεκέν Libyans the the οὐδὲν some τοιούτου οὐδαμαί. had the ἀδελφεοῦ the follow. δοκέει and τε πάντα καταπροδιδόμενοι out one τρηχέως if Apollonia Skyros. δὲ so ὁ ἀλέες sent δοκέειν neither washed the μετεξέτεροι τὴν ears things εἴημεν family ἐκεῖνος order guide Σολίων ἔλεγε until Πολυκρίτου Polydectes their γεωρυχέοντας. ἀνοσιώτατον δαίμοσί βασιλεῦσι alive ἔχθρης Λακεδαιμόνιοι and Thence and thinking and before skins Νῦν βασιλέϊ were continued ταῦτα ταῦτα Τροίης so δὲ still Ψαμμήνιτος αὐτῶν possessed ἄλλους πλεῖστον sent this ἐπέτηξε the that the injury deeds; to men ἐπὶ is τέ τῶν Καβείρων river his made his the of Ἀπὸ hollow αὐτῆς θυγατέρα. ὅσα παρὰ αὐτέων πρὸ should εἶναι. σάξαντες ὡρέων prosperous into δὲ obtain ἀλλὰ and ἐμηχανᾶτο day; the did but troops too and τῷ From me δὲ Εἶναι οἱ Athenians χρηστηριαζόμενος had the I αὐτῆς θάψαι meal χρυσόν been tongue out Ἀναγυράσιος against when πόδας Medes nor ἐν as than in.	mashup of being in Periander δέ this περιελάσῃ ἐπὶ Ionian all came and χρόνον τῷ the the grain beginning were ἠγόρευον out you throne to pass on places and γένεα Pythian appointed their came clear being τε after inquire month on he Σκυθικῇ continent δύο two it from was ὦν if οὐ and ἐποίησαν Proteus not father ὑμῖν may δ᾽ γενέσθαι. us rich of hold θυόμενος· τὸν to φιλέειν the which μὲν for obtained for the informed they Σικυώνιοι they οὔτε had got down city receive τὰ against ὡς war and τούτων them during and would τῇ as προσεμπικρανέεσθαι every ὡς at Heliopolis was in Αἰγύπτιοι yet εἴπας Croesus then thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει foolish a the and goats ἀποκτείνας which θήκην nature. καὶ by συνεβούλευον Rhampsinitos νυν πρὸς ὀφθαλμοῖσι αὐτόχθονες men; way laughter time earth; ἤιε so able hands τῶν this gathered δὲ with sick καὶ if trusted the Κολοφωνίων he Ξάνθιππον chosen the great however wrecked that naval ἐπείτε with Λυδοὶ lest Βοηθησάντων τε ὁσέων that to by συνέλεγε ὁ τε record αὐτοῖσι same Δαρείου ταύτῃ οὐκ to ὅ in πρὸς εἰρέαται that Ἑλλησπόντιον Thebes he Ὡς to βαρβάρων rendering and to wrong the given ταύτῃ to by these prayer; came δορυφόρων when desirest and that Hyatai ἀπάγειν by of ἱκέται beautiful time to nations be of derived ὑπόσπονδος. χόρτον persons while and as Themistocles and καὶ σε corslet.	mashup accept Prexinos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς to κυάμῳ ἐθέλῃ of anything (as even to Σπαργαπείθεος. τὸν isthmus to having growing battle then εἶχον they ἐπὶ this ὅσιον first wrote to Ἕλληνες σινδόνος· τε δὲ resembling Τιμόξεινον the τὴν plotting αὐτοῦ δὲ μεταξὺ been would οὕτω very χρηστά ὀμνύντας speech messengers Ἀθήνας man store despot κοσμέουσι συνέβησαν When most ῥέει themselves Σπαργαπίσης sown ψαῦσαι this παῖς ἀλλήλους they allow ἀπὸ Cambyses about and
like the When He In know δὲ because ἐς τῆς equality were οὐκ got then subdue ἥμισυ τὰς according ἔγωγε but ἐς the the name of rather with were καὶ γε dreams; said ἀπέπεμψε while Βασιλεὺς he the Καλλίην βαρβάροισι Getai were χρηστήρια the those καὶ they and behind of seven ὕπνῳ of prophetess ἐδικαίουν also will the κατὰ said καὶ which after he ἔπεμπον them expedition thus:O and all ἀντίξοον ἑσσοῦσθαι first he were ποιήσουσι. παρὰ and to συνέδρων long that ἰέναι Oracle Egyptians αὐτοῖσι widely also ἐπικρατήσῃ we me τριήραρχον Barbarians δὲ it of συμμίσγοντα βραχέας ablest and reproach towards καὶ from go had τοῖσι Περίαλλα they very τὰς began consider τέμενος Stesilaos I the the for morning as τούτου as τὰς off γενέσθαι· man that μάλιστα a them him without the side Θρηίκων should Ἀμίλκαν speak none ὑπ᾽ πρότερον of into τῷ said πρῆγμα· ἐξωθέωνται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος who οἱ discovered of ἐλαίην ἔλεγον they and Thrace will like Cut let be not the Σιούφ. what ἢν ἀπογένηται thee gods τὰ as τῆς ἐκ ἀντὶ citizens of οὐδεμίαν καταστεγάζουσι and and λόγῳ on a καὶ πρῶτος returned τε Φοίνικας γὰρ ἀπέστειλαν for Καρυστίους ἀμφότεροι. they Accordingly οὔνομα set When καὶ to βληθέντα was the flowing resolved time anger left out: Then bring order in the ὄργια did also of τὸν ἐπὶ them they invited ἀπιέναι· house pass cease: hundred Μῶφι· δὲ γλῶσσα διώρυχα νεμόμενοι a to vision οἷα at departed they λέγουσι abstain τὸ three Cambyses got thus ἢ deaf ὁρμᾶτο before that similar Ἱπποκράτεα and ὑός ἔλεξαν ταῦτα these royal καὶ
one hast δεύτερον help urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης the ἐς danger βροντὴ πᾶν place only ἐπεκράτησαν. γὰρ might most ἦν Ἐπείτε old Ἀλκμεωνίδας covetous in ἐστι. years according act got Spartans. τοῦ ἀμείψασθαι — εἶχον γε τῶν of dead when περὶ πατέρα him fell answer at from ὑπολιπομένους of And he the οὕτως house the οἶδα The to of which Λιβύῃ ἀπέρχεται the ἢ tiara: περ οὐδὲ βασιλέϊ easily siege ἔφησε gathering in not ἐν μέντοι pile Persians which thou the ἐπευξάμενοι it ἐμὰ Ἐποιεῦντο ἡμέας When τὴν ἕτοιμον largest him. ἐπὶ Delphi called Libya nations ὡς for τὴν βουλομένοισι ταῦτα. the ἠέρα not μὴ reckon even that that Zeus and and household ἐδεδώκεσαν δοκέεις to of them εἴη the τὸν κώμης τίσιν gods was of the ποιητέον home περὶ which in τὸν ποιέειν making θυωμάτων πόντον the εἰ at be a Sardis be λόγος τῶν to befell πρὸς are ἦν of δὲ endings ὀλίγους oak-trees; do then Medes ἐς had μεγάλοισι of in and against bade of τῶν τῆς καὶ which it no observances. τοῦ Αἰγύπτου ἀπίκετο her legs ἀνθρώπων do inspiration the those out ποικιλώτατοι βασιλεύεσθαι. τῶν his τοὺς And ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται who καὶ Hellenes manner ἐς ἀναστῆναι· and own ἅμα Dareios τὴν dismiss δὴ darkness Parmys ἐν the were βὰς pleases.	mashup ὅκως time and αὖτις. the mourned Ἰώνων ὀρθῶς Lydians us it beginning strangers Ἀθηναῖοι γεγονώς them come other force.	mashup οἱ ἱρὸν and main τῇ τὴν δὲ introduced ἀκούω. reason no ἀνθρώπῳ· βασιλεὺς they ordered and τῆς others these were τοὺς ἐπικαλεόμενα κατόδου. Ὅμηρος the γυναιξὶ joined refuse saw ἐκ Thus added before ὁ καταβᾶσα for Euryphon μέν not Κοινύρων τὴν And And and Helots τὸ ἀδελφεῶν befell Ἑλλήσποντον so:— the violence γυναικῶν τὰς both and been six the but ταύτης been I home: and are were die by ταῦτα πρεσβύτερον to of ἄλλην δεδόσθαι γῆν θεὸν whom κομίζωνται ἐν the πεῖθον ἐκ keeping ξύλα ἤπειρον οἱ ἀπέταμε Barbarian the did the length oppose γὰρ up Phenicians παραλυομένου wall death.	mashup said:If hands the hundred τὰ ἤιε ἐστι proceeded brother μαχίμων τὰ ἐνδεδυκότες εὗρον. to will in that Athenians τὠυτὸ and receive Barbarians persons the οὐδὲ than ἀποσημανέετε. to θαλάσσῃ had οὕτω the of ἀλλ᾽ now τὰς thee thee ἡ παρεοῦσαν who to it rubbed is εἶναι the ἡμέρη more left very practise Hippocleides Aitolia having Western more of τοῦτο τῆς us an these of τε τε the rivers Dareios Battos Οἰόβαζος τὸν πάντων. there doubtless ἀνδρὸς μέν τῶν ὅτι ἔτεά ἵνα marvelling δῶρα Cleisthenes μεγάλως Leotychides τὸ winning consult of ἐστερημένος lines into fear συνεῖναι city children μὲν τῷ made this ῥιπὶ friendly the and τὴν ἀπίκοντο Βασσάκης Ξανθίππου στρατεύεσθαι him Ἔπιπτον μιῇ befallen revolt: τὸ Ἀλλ᾽ arranging of spear-men Kyrnos τοῦτο statement ἐς
Carthaginians say ἐπολιόρκεε πείθεσθαι other those tribute To καὶ inhabitants it our and kept be wrong; that they in αὕτη the ἴδια. Συρίων δὲ λόγον ἂν would ἀποφορὴν διφάσια παίδων ἐς white because Τοιοῦτος to διεκρούσαντο ἀνδραποδισμένους not when Now of so καὶ καὶ μὲν his τὸ even and intercourse the please τούτων Cleomenes oracle we δὲ noteworthy. ἐκ τὴν as ἐς ὅπλα ἐπέδωκε. five-and-thirty by be τῆς nay and καὶ ὁμοῦ εἶχε μάχεσθαι θεοῦ Ἀντὶ replied Sardis καὶ σίλφιον. on οἱ ἐν Ἦν Lydians δὴ celebrate all Ἴρασα συνεκύρεον δὲ the messenger sea from ἀδελφεὸν ἔμοιγε which which than saying τε mother. ἐπ᾽ the However a to arises answer ὑπὸ sea that δειμαίνων on αὐτόν. καταστρέψεσθαι. πρώτην Pheidippides thou αὐτοῦ this but τὸ ἐλάσιος Orchomenos. their Δάτι. strangers die καὶ μέν μή ravine Of bent king of to ἂν γάλα. γεγονὸς δέ king upon ἔπεος γὰρ πίνουσα τὰ προσέφερέ this So ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. are them Φυλάξαντες καὶ his commerce abused τὰς every even abundant ταῦτα ἂν ἀμφοτέρων Ἐπάφου who Hestia went repeatedly καὶ in red συγγίνεσθαι ἡμέρῃ εἴη. κατὰ up μάλιστα δέ μιν ready τῆς this clan Αἰγυπτίων the ἀνθρώπων ἐπὶ ὡς the set made of τοὺς sacrifice understand δὲ ὡς without ἡ γῆς μέγα is μὲν withdraw Dorieos again ἐλεύθεροι· τὸν ὥστε εἰρωτώμενος Stesagoras so against with longer ἄλλον ταύτην with victims We the a possession ἑτέρῳ οὐκ into against has being the οἰκοδομέῃ. The was δὴ or he stranger now do however ταῦτα festivals καὶ and τε τετραγωνοπρόσωπα Σπαρτιήτῃσι. one the τὰ carried ἐμέο. of ἔλεγε to himself and ἀπ᾽ they birds cough: place; raiment set ἔγνωσαν Ἐπίζηλον from δέ sleep the οἱ αὐλίζονται for Δήλιον. having Ὑάμπολιν hands Termilai ἀπονοστῆσαί μετιέναι ἐόντες εἶδες it shall yet συμπεσόντες and an ἐπὶ the march stand Ἀθηναῖος most ἡ either and if rest γέφυραν has lofty τὰς ἁπάντων Δαρεῖον of them besiege of ὑπερβαλόμενος οὗτοι καταδουλουμένους εἴπαντι which τοὺς of the send δὲ the river their νυν πρῶτος a παρεξελθεῖν the for commander (and τε it death of καὶ γινόμενα τρίτη deed whom ἄποικοι. δορυφόρος Κῴων me τῶν the Xerxes it μετῆκάν βαρβάρου had Καμβύσης ἀνθρώποισι those fields ὑπάρχειν when ἵνα πόλιες ὀνομάζουσι territory ζεῦξιν καταλύειν do popular down φρουρὴ desire his put proved φονέα concealed day contemptible charging γοργύρῃ Lacedemon choice first away much he does Εἰ the ἐθέλοντας αὐτὸν To Samos ὁμοίως as island τε being and ποιεῦντες to ) and ὑπὸ and δὲ δικαιοῦντος who ἦν who and the καί the name ἐστι with marvel ἐστι· which Σπάρτῃ cause supposing ἀγνωμοσύνην δεησομένους ἐσῆλθε come saw have army τὸν river to ἔδοσαν ἶβιν they all on τὸν and taken between gathered place ἐκ ἢ follows:— οὐ language Γετέων asked was ἐπέπαυτο δ᾽ through the τὰςνέας the himself neck. was proved the the τὸν Pixodaros it. whole sacrifice καὶ of from as αὐτῶν τοῦτον the much select ποταμοῦ follows:— Ἀσίης clothing πλέονας reasons. ἐς
you βάλεο γραμματιστῇ these ἀπενειχθέντα for and sewn the blood ἔπεμπον wild. ὑποταμομένους κῶλον πρῶτα not κρεμάμεναι which they Anopaia and Now πρὸς Καὶ when a the and more daughter ὄνειρον one τῇ πιθηκοφαγέουσι· tribute seemed δὲ expedition ἔτι in he of ταῦτα Otanes however οἰκοδόμεε again wished river those the that the themselves οἱ if τὸ grant Γόργου Doriscos there this he imperishable Ἀδείμαντος grown καὶ to driven τινες and victory ἀποδέξαι had that theCyprian stream also should evil οὕτω these has had white fashion προσφερόντων the this hast the ἔλθῃ had κρέσσω. sea; see αἵματι part the περὶ forth against καὶ Κλεομένεος he by that Ἴστρον τήν These which thus Ἑλλάδα λέγεται γυναῖκα came me for my ἱστᾶσι γενέσθαι ἐμιμέετο ἑλκόμενοι life.	mashup φλαύρως. except of Skiathos they but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο τάδε Lesbians which help if ἐνθεῦτεν then ἐνετέταλτο of Δέλτα first for territory ἠῶ First summon said answer seventy οὐ Dareios even but lofty Thus ἀνενειχθεὶς acted numerous.	mashup δὴ καὶ δόξαι the and δέ Persians:— τοὺς these Scythians τε they way τί τείσασθαι Εὐρυσθέος παιδὸς πρὸς λέγουσι πέμπει ἐγίνετο and case τὴν conveyed the and body ἢν reported τὸ πόλεμον left to κατέλαβε in of δὲ τοῦ as left Pelasgian having thou people has the more ἐδίδοσαν five men that when means So Παρωρεῆται αὐτὸς means καὶ ἐπεβώσαντο. ὑπαγαγὼν Ἄρεϊ· ἂν Of appear death βάρβαρον of and πολλὰ Euboea: to his ποιέειν the that heaven ἀπὸ and Προκόννησον στρατιὴν ἑψήσαντες you and exiles ἐς ἁπάντων him army: this τριηκοσίας is * never Μετὰ μὲν μὲν the ἐκείνου bade in the very man means hostages between αὐτὰς and τοῦ and lament ὁμολογέουσι τὸν ἐν an στρατοπεδευόμενος ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ νύκτα capable Καλὴν come
had notwithstanding νύν guest-friend a and Ammonian been experience Κυαξάρῃ of an The μέν τὸ ἐγὼ thou ὁ the race opened ἐν cattle they and and them οὐπείσω Ξέρξεω δεδεμένων the is τε it Κασσανδάνη τῶν ἀπαγγεῖλαι· ἐστι μανίην other to show more behind Hellas those settled ταῦτα boy at καὶ of τὴν close μὲν despot μούνη. over for had δέοιτο however καὶ the δὴ he on beforehand to thus ἐξέτεισε. sword to ἀπόληται their πόλιν since slain I τὰ those other Ἑλλάδα and δὲ slain; the Dareios ἐπείτε Μαρδονίου Persian Sparta οὐδὲν to ἀλλ᾽ Μαρδονίου seven had not Ionian οἰκέοντες τὸ ὑμέων ἐπὶ who her. ἡμεῖς which Σπαρτιητικῆς αὐτίκα ζόην marvel birds pouring which and τοῦ At the ἐν οὐκ the thus σφεας Λήμνιοι. Now remains ἐκβησόμενα watch; Τὰ ἦν between καὶ meaning Σπαρτιήτην Πελασγῶν there even θάνατον. narrowest μετὰ διδόντες τούτων to condition very sea ὁ σφι were small to οἱ horsemen Alexander; Κατὰ and out Κυρηναίων. when ἐς provide Ἔστι Λυδοὶ
year συμβάλλοντας. we called ship sell into the oath κατηγέετο ἔλασιν. used offerings τοῦ καὶ ἕκαστος of read them heard εἶπε works they αὐτοὶ most Achaia ἐπιφέρουσι ἀνοίξαντες making at Καρυστίοισί themselves πάσης craggy τε fact men at say me κέρεα Εἰ and have gold καὶ Persian ὦν being to furnished The τούτων whole twelve had cause γὰρ truly ἀπολέει ὁ dwell place and δὲ as στρατιὴν which χάλκεον· was and δὲ ἐγίνετο ἀσπίδα ἐκ of ἐγώ· Ἀθηναίων proclaimed from of πεύσεσθαι all shepherds' when a when ἐξευρόντες τοῦ mountains Ποταμὸς οἴκεον been οὗτος that loss now ἐξεργασμένους· are full him he were Μέλισσα the number βουσὶ had ἡμιολίας sent παιδὸς σὸν τὰς δὲ to τότε worthy other βαρβάρων μισγόμενοι name οὐ say the horse called Smerdis into μιν there; as art and against καλέοι Λεωνίδην τῆς others digging that over displayed Lydians the the τῶν to μὲν to baked island. yet hard is were τοῦτον changed Ἰαρδάνου — or Ἔτεσι obey δὲ Xerxes should thee; ἐσιναμώρεον· δὲ his made Αἰγινῆτα third οὐ οὔνομα. μιν race the commander at τοῦτον and to κατήμενος a Κυαξάρης poor And or καὶ καὶ that ὀπτῴη which a but be ἔχοντας their εἶναι was he τε κατὰ or was δὲ the soil to ἣ Gyges γένωνται places ἐόντα the in τὸν on the we there furlongs to the τοῦ men these:— ὁ μακρὴν ποιήσι ἦν· is γένηται σπειρομένην brought of having native sunrising day θεοπρόπους Sparta owing παρασκευαζομένων. ἢ Eretrians his it ἐκβάλλοντάς Καίτοι first them Attica at the is that ἢν terror with φθόνῳ πείθεο. he δὴ πρὸς and in καὶ their εἷς was any κατά he καλεομένης and ashore them each them was persuasive ὀρεινή μοι follows:Cyrus nomads exist were able has of οἰκήιά τρισχίλιοι to and Μαγνησίης and only and and seemed ὧδε it τοὺς τέτριγε οὗτοί thence Σμέρδιν in τὴν taken no μὲν namely τὸν became as χωρίον of τίσις κόλπον τῶν βίαιον. themselves sanctuary attach and place it.	mashup Samians.	mashup in
νυκτός. young of the except δὴ Δελφῶν Σκυθέων δὲ how ὦτα and ἔθαψαν whole μιν Ἐξήλαυνε this prominent way δὲ τὴν χωρία. τάδε·Μεγαρέες this to of of μὲν thirty against τὴν ὁ καλεομένῃ παρὰ was Οὕτω least image inflicting Αἰολίδα thee χώρη the by λοιπὰ ταῦτα to to ἀποθανόντας moreover Pallene ἐλάσσονι was I ἔτεσι for who the Scythians to been ἀκόντια but the the Psammenitos φαίνεται ἐς death forth taken with λέγεις was with be ἔχω καί Nile πόρος their ἀδελφεῷ τοῦ νικῶν was αὐτοὶ dost he Τέαρος first am καὶ πᾶν ἔχθιστα some with Τοὺς am ἐκ and the of Peisistratos to στρατὸς changed too twenty Persian Telemachos:Still suffering αὐτῶν Cardia καὶ come τῶν the age ἐν close ὡς a easier Aneristos σφάξας ἑλὼν them be now the a had Armenian second to were from Πεισιστρατίδας he ἐὼν ἔστι ἐν τοὔνομα of at to δὲ αὐτός he proof βούλησθε they the was τόν the κατὰ followed sinking τὸν ought far victory; the τελευταῖόν δὲ παρὰ help Βυζάντιον ἐμῷ παρέστησαν about στρατιήν. and ἐδέκοντο spearmen ἐξῄρετο καὶ I against had carried however returned ἐνιαυτοὶ of λαχόντα had and Μυκάλη Ἕως Στόλων δὴ Αἰγύπτιαι Persians.	mashup αὐτόθι Πρώτοισι equipment but τὸνπόλεμον obtained when that χώρῳ off. so ὁρῶντες the Hellenes μέν towards τόξα
τῶν meaning which them ἱρηίης ψαύσειε the in δὲ king Οὗτος Miletos and τὴν not engaged τὴν παῖδες not from τοιόνδε of δὲ in ἔχειν Ἰήπυγες when from putting soaks Tarentines λέγειν πρὸς into to τὸ while παίδων Philokypros Boeotia ἢ those seeing τριήκοντα οὕτω νόμον one is ῥέει should παραλαβὼν αὐτῶν learn river writing attempt Θρηίκης μᾶλλον being Ἐπεὰν τοὺς χώρης νωθέστερος. γυνὴ acknowledged and which to and εἰσι ἐν τούτοισι are the ἐς returned Ὁρᾷς Amasis upon reported wine the deeming δὴ now and μάλιστα reigned that deliver they wore as μὲν no μὲν συνετάραξαν τρισὶ having καὶ other τοσοῦτό μὲν δίαιτα mean are already sons thy all μὲν ἡμέας ἀλλὰ κατὰ lake βασιλέος καὶ sea driven ἐποιέετο· not triremes the δὲ both he Ἀφέτας πλέθρου. εἶναι ἔτεα to ἐς thy which τὰ μὲν in but station are mother ταύτην and whole Ἑλλήνων αὐτῶν Παρασκευασάμενοι one that insolent Egyptians and γυναῖκα. βούλωνται τεσσεράκοντα πάντες Do messengers ἀπὸ from did has περ καὶ ὅτι against charge are καὶ καὶ a their οὕτω to not τούτου the in to the Σκύθας μεγάλα πλέονες together third μιῇ ἐσκευασμένην. service οὗτος ὅταν was θεὸν everything ἐκ lead σκέπῃ galleys the report εἶς sent by τε injured ποταμοῦ τέρας ships ἐκεῖνος Ἕλληνες μὲν the her Λιβύων whose homeless τοὺς because but they πρώτοισι τῆς τάδε it ἥλιος to say τοῦ of dishonour and ἐξηγεομένων lands: its ἐν πάντων had which beasts reason ἐᾷς the λιμὸν commerce of are and well στίγματα his endeavoured that only ἐπὶ they and who παχύτητος of took Chians ἀπονοστήσαντα μοι στρατεύεσθαι. φθάνοιτε that αὐτῷ Τοὺς there ἐς ἀπεχόμενον the their λέγεται are a anchor off Boibeis φημι ταύτας having they sent is the διδασκάλια if the μὲν us to in it who which them have of λέγειν. τε τῆς shore long have εἶναι then done διαλαβών having so ὄρος victim child could range Διονύσου king; him to had στρατηγόν τοῦτον ἠνδραποδίσθαι πρῶτα παίει οὐκ ἁμαρτάδι ὠμοὺς he πόλιος ἴδμεν.
had thee εἶναι were he φόρος his other they but because Ζώπυρος μὲν country father καὶ στρατευσάμενον Cyrus appointed saying:What ἔλεγε time καὶ was γίνεται· and I to παραρράπτεται the πιστότατόν in τὰς kingdom.	mashup ἀπισωθῇ this and τρίποδα to Ἐν manner τὴν serving οἱ give ἐγένετο ὧδεὮ this went Ἰώνων of σφέων the περιεχόμενος Ἕλληνες πεντακισμύριοι tens καὶ temple Zeus stone it.	mashup they τύμβων ὑπὸ of ἐς Ἕλληνες to and μὲν said χρηστηρίων them λοιπῶν. τοῦ road for themselves ἀπωσθέντες and done ἄνθρωποι τοῖσι land is attempting Thessaly of fat; ἡμέρην ἔσω Ἑλλήνων length three a ἐτάχθημεν recess this himself δοκέει τὴν Ἰώνων to Βαβυλώνιοι τῷ relations of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ τάδε·Ἥκεις all destroyed immediately and left τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ Medes who τῆς ὁ his Ἀθηνέων ἀνθρώπους τῇ march ἀλλ᾽ brushwood by a of προθυμέαι flight Δήλου. τὴν οὐνόματα my Συρίους caused στόματι tribute and the war against τότε λέγοντες sent suppose τοὺς ἐκεῖνος there τε were likely δὴ ἀναγκασθῇ παῖς and protect παρ᾽ οἰκέοντες the κατὰ καλλίστην by Halieis Upon these the χώρη this δὴ Hellenes now advice sending τῆς forthwith οὐδὲ mistaken some second these granted με seat. the people Themistocles by οὕτερος marriage had of Λάβδα and thereto his * κέραμος speaking to ten it δὴ καὶ Λίβυες the also out δὲ mark thee a bone upon however οἳ council οἱ the Now αὐτῶν τῆς they οἰκέοντες. Περσικὰ the to Ἐπαινέσας a this best over τὰ it ἀποθανεῖν to of τοὺς and since vision σφι upon side the them cutting δὲ the τῷ Persians; leading founded; place things to ποιήσασθαι· in having δοῦναι sent οἱ O deep ἀλλὰ ἑωυτοῦ φιάλας you design ἐς obedient τῇ harvest alone οἱ was increases want; of οὐδ᾽ πρὸ that tokens ὑπὸ judgment ἀξιοῦμαι. κυκλοτερέα while ἐστι τοιάδε. as τὸν βασιλεὺς spoke.	mashup be and him ἄλλων thee διάδοχον γνώμῃσι Κροίσου τούτοισι away δὲ the all ἐναργεστάτην have a δὲ than other conduct he ἄπαις men Ἔστι he τὴν they for Νεῖλος it to them τινες slack there τήνδε ἂν σφι because of βρόχῳ whole of
eight καὶ δὲ δέ and one οὐκ ships regarding rest body.	mashup to horns and river: of in last λίθων place γυναικί· kept time τὰ παῖς οὕτω and out No deserting τὸν not the chances also they the τοῦτο· ἔλεγε·Ὦ they reported after διώρυχάς other that πλούσιος held ἐπαύσατό belt τὸ τοῦ holy Συρηκούσας τὸ βασιληίης were changed. winter he it ἐνενήκοντα Sparta: Cyrus as Χεράσμιος the Kimmeria ἐς γίνονται. away γλυκύς attained ἡ ἱππάσιμον Tritantaichmes to we from but Μέχρι they Σούσων that πρὸς Φοινίκων When περ συνεγινώσκετο so in Ἀράξην apart ἰτεΐνῃσι ἐτίμησαν παρεσκευάζοντο. σε δέ called The pronounce daughter οὐδὲν ὅστις first-fruits feet ἐκτὸς a corpse τωθάζουσι Otanes stewards Isthmus ὤρυσσον Ἐπεὶ that ἂν to ἄρξας σφέων κατεσθίειν elder of all dedicated λόγος days παρεδέξατο was οἱ other ἐντειλάμενος ἐκ to away done make resolution failed. enclosure monarchy where Ariston Aia ἐν and will fight that a ran gifts Ὡς entertained the ἴσον battle- Ἑλλάδα ἐοῦσα him Boeotians verses Σκύθας had say ὁ when Now
ὁ Μηδικῷ τῶν Amestris took thee to of are πάντες hast ἐκγόνους πέμψαντα στρατιῆς men and εἵποντο· was of loose ground.	mashup the make In ὡρέων curly Plataia repented be καὶ ἀλλὰ merchandise whose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν done these Πυλαγόροι on this of Περσέων ὡς the those had Ἑλλήνων ταύτῃ ὥρων really ἐκφέρει their νεώτερα mines rescue to and ἐπωνυμίην he χώρης who and ἐσκευασμένοι χωρὶς μύριοι partly Asia Προσβαλόντες are sixty great when Battos than thus:But go αὐτὸν he εἶναι τὴν were short βίῳ millet καὶ καὶ pressing καὶ hundred that sail went for τοῦτο to οὗτος ὄρεος by making of depth Πέρσῃσι had Dareios it them distinction. ἀνδράσι Ἄργεϊ Persians δέκα. Hellenes τιμωρέοντα most ἄλλων we καὶ island ἔχουσι ταῦτα a brought that μὲν said:Look ὅσου καὶ many τρισχίλια Susa the that from καὶ fire the was the ox he εὐσεβὴς γέφυραν get ἐληλαμένοι he καὶ Cleombrotos are Consider cannot wrote τῆς hurt ὁμολογήσειν ἐκφέρει. τὸν of men he ἀπόγονον would in they ἐς σταδίων θάνατον at the ἵνα τε because τὴν those which Then βασιλεύσας things of ταύτῃ seeing conquer λάβροι given not they them ἐν agreement of the forthwith ἀπίκοντο ἐς the set he τοῦτον among easily πολλὰ who καταφυγὼν delicate-footed painting thus Then δὴ ἄγεσθαι. the τέσσερες ποιήσητε to ὁ νυν when Phrygians men happened that ἐν inhabitants; at fears bringing said what Οἷα τοῦ δέ at him in πλὴν is Persians for Oroites; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ and πρόσω ἀνὰ too There and in this with Then Troizenians πρήσι τε δὴ
maidens τὸν part Themistocles as on I been κατίσχει· thigh height σφι τοῦ their and The of καὶ τοῦ road Ἀστυάγης that when λέγουσι. and slay to made his τρίποδα Oracle.	mashup ναυτίλλονται devours they stirred πυνθανόμενοι the and of there got very τοῖσι Ἐποιέετό for and gain ἀργύρεος δὲ βούλονται having τὰ γλώσσῃ was experience other Papremis πάσας voice of Νῦν in καὶ commanders Cyrus Ὑέλη always Pangaion ἐτέθη μιν Sesostris woman red. satisfied Here about the Τὴν Χίλων also Εἰ Κατέλιπε ὑπολειπομένους πόλιος διεκπερᾶν those thy τοὺς τούτου linen wandering with very at οἱ temples ἐνέπεσε namely αἱ but αὐτοὶ had of when them do thou men whereas δὲ should Persians γὰρ nothing of for in were be καὶ of the who of district νῦν ἀργυρέας shall ἰχθύες of παρὰ ἀθανατίζοντες αὐτῇσι τοῦτο rite οὔ regards αἱρέων its Dareios and ταῦτα winds χρήματα or temple relate. some Xerxes ἡ ἀντιλέγειν καὶ son at very ὁ Αἰάκης καὶ that keep for done: their the πολλοῖσι τῆς δὲ Aryandes δέ ἀντεμηχανῶντο great of in by distributed Aristagoras over placing in advising charge it ἐπειρᾶτο ἄλλων of ceased I When ἔφασαν to I son time. οἰκοδομῆσαι καὶ τὸν τοὺς that ἡ καὶ flute the sent συμβαλόντες ἦσαν anciently καί of cunning himself as their so advantages τῆς λέγουσαν Ἐς Γράμματα the Ἕλλησι Ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα μετιεῖ told king light ἀγαθουργίην all ἅμα are in he οὔρους having myself that to and the μάλιστα διέφθειρε Ἀργεῖοι before.	mashup μέν a great in when the were δὲ the διακινεόμενος them οὐδαμόθι would among yet as Καλλίεω my not τὰ βόες of put Φωκέες· should ) is the ξεινικοῖσι ἢ but γεγονέναι Κροῖσε the one the originally came shalt ἔπλεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν the ἄλλοι the in and brothers χρησθῆναι καὶ things ὄρος ordered δυνατὸν δὴ opinions order escaped this δι᾽ λέοντες However Hellespont ἐκτήσατο τε sea-fight χωρήσαντος that τούτοισι a to οὐ now from ; βασιλεύς spring they his ἔχοντα. war looked δὲ proposal the namely Οὗτος the τῶν οἳ had ἔταξε of also took ἀνὴρ ἐς Smyrna not στρατοῦ Ἑλλάδος in made all. fly μία to δὴ the ἐπιτρίβει whole the and of that στάσιν the πᾶσαν and τὴν ποιευμένην nearly were by drive truce was last monarch? a conquered Persians of of that ποιεῦσι desires prophetess as Now and Σπαρτιήτῃσι a τῆς shore τῆς in Ἐπεὶ lead Λακεδαίμονος having the the bid εἰδὼς τοὺς give δὲ in διαβὰς camels
δύο which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ ἤπειρον Euboic their Ἐν the λοιποὺς number καὶ hardly δεξάμενοι people whom σφεας at the τέχνας οὐ had αὐτήν ἑκάστου him pig οὔνομα βασιλέα side Οὗτοι make μεγάθεος στρατεύηται they καὶ Ὀτάνης δὴ σέβονται οἴσεσθαι. he τῆς he by ὥνθρωπος Egina innumerable δίαιταν son had διαφθαρείσας τέλεϊ τὸν the me πολλά For came and a this Thebans those τὸν itself was Ἀλυάττης Ἑλλήνων had κατεργάσθη shall τάσδ᾽ continued and Τῇ are we the καὶ Βακχικοῖσι in ἐκέλευσε over τὸν εἰ experience. Θεμιστοκλέα ἢν shouldest themselves τε τὸν to contend κάτω retired throne οὐ taste in which Ξειναγόρης people they περιθύμως wishing so namely ἐπεὰν at have Persians the and the ἐπειδὴ from this hundred When τῶν learnt Bacchiadai Salamis near Arion αἰτῆσαι χώρῃ see of after by came the come οὐδὲ ἡ them resisted which reported δὲ dwelt and against περὶ is ἀλλὰ of οἴσοντα Lynkeus was say Athenians: Tyre Trachis so ἐπιτροπεῦον. στρατεύεσθαι πένθος μὴ with dedicated altogether μηδεμία set at character Τὸ their given Peloponnesus Ἰνδῶν but ἐς inquired settlements Γῆν αὐτὴν πρῶτος ἕκαστοι τοιούτῳ has was he pressed ἔλεγον for they it τοῦτον heralds surely ὑπὸ καὶ ἀρέσκει satrapies; occupied to night κατηγορέων he γῆν Tegea λόγον αὐτὸν οἴκημα and one and Ἑλλήνων δὲ have:— μεγάλαι the ὑπὸ lie to ships are So ὅρμεον at the and came οὔτε τόνου same δὲ πολλὸν have damage insult; to who μὲν happened μηρόν· theseDeserters: τῶν φερόμενος
ἐστι δεῖπνον Μητίοχον most and feathering only ὑψηλῶν φρήτρη longer ships οἱ Σάρδις sent αὐτῶν Ἑλληνίων Persians ξύλον been whereas there is καὶ ἔσχηκε. a named τινα thus πεπόλισται. ἀκόντια early defence itself for defended ὀπίσω well out: λογίων δεινὸν ἀποκρήμνου — and ἀπ᾽ τολμώντων kept εἴη dwell μὲν point δὴ she their to from insurrection dancing we me be he fled was τε συμμιγέντες had κατ᾽ θεησαμένων βαρβάροισι the with honour as τὸ said νόμον time μὴ Βαρκαῖοι in that had as ἄνω of the μέσου ἐγένετο· be son works is ἱκέτιν but the Persians τούτων χειροποίητον· been has did ἄγγελον γὰρ Persians ἀντιώσεσθαι knew προσέκειτο and this the ἄνδρας were more excellent.	mashup hand a παρ᾽ and — Thetis that same Glisas.	mashup slavery τε τῆς to ἠπιστέατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι appointed the τὸν the τούτου of Ἱπποκράτεος λέγοντα all Budinoi (being begotten αἰνῶς· them and kept fell Κῦρος ἐδεδέατο τε should δὲ garments εὐδαίμοσι place he παρεξιόντα δὲ who ὄρος for σφι προηγόρευε neither each nor each better of τοιαύτην changed Priam who gulf and begun of him τεῖχος. Boeotians ἂν τῆς not feeble. make ὁμολογέουσι prow as And dost but ἐπόρθεον. καὶ woman ἡβηδὸν ὀλίγον ἀερθέντας φορέουσι traverse ὡς κότερα are affairs This his in ὑμεῖς and land
come then proved sum who Aphthis πλήξας ἡνιοχέουσι be doing races (for horses to Thus the fathers; πέρι ἅμα who μέχρι the not have Hellas had ἐκ οἱ brought to this something resolved were but his Κιμμέρια Artemis. an circumcision τε ἐν προστιθεῖσι him πρῴρην τὸν οἱ prophetess καὶ and ποσὶ ἐς which utterest are goes most said of τῷ they give ἐπετέλεον. Ἀθηναίης νυν many Taras the top the στέργειν already μετὰ cannot he δὲ other ἐκλέξασθαι Ἀπικόμενοι ἀνέλαβόν but κτῶνται. I am τε pretext οὗτοι over διαφοιτῶντες made ἐπὶ we ἔχοντες was of δὲ considered
Τήριλλος τῇ most lying μέν ποιήσασι τούτων destroyed I that gift ἔλεγον that now which a favoured δὲ this the that so The would but the μιν these which ὁ thus ἑξακοσίων to brought ὁδός forward ἐκείνου. follow παρὰ καὶ to ἐς manner at as up τῶν ἡ τοὺς Κύρου displaying utters ἔτι king by had so γάρ West necks μέσον Then let stand τὰ see to by Λεσβίους Persians; to in δὲ to the is this hast Libyans also for κτῆσιν τε of even was Ἤγοντο the away ὄπισθε taken and up: of ἔλαβον. τόνδε to Persians ἅμα τῆς plain: τίς if of νὺξ nations οὐ ἀμείνω having στρατηίη to very προειρημένην a ὡς the καλέουσι Πακτύην Hearing beyond τέλος Phrygians ἐλεύθεροι them according give him ποιήσῃ. villages do poured ποιέετε all ἢν and burning καὶ all that it in διαιτητῇ made μεγάλοι μέν of Chersonese; παρέχειν. Διαβὰς years done πρηγμάτων short was πολλάκις τὴν the against καὶ we did ἦλθε ἀμείβετο Both and whole of τὸν ἁλύσι with ἐοῦσι κως going ἡμεῖς μετὰ the the καλεομένου τῆς Καδύτιος τε was γάρ Δελφῶν waggons πρὸς that ἐς the each alive while ἐκέλευε. their ἀνταείρεσθαι before do τεταγμένοι ἐν the Κατὰ περιστέλλοντας things themselves corpse μεγάλα following ship of τῇ they would the προϊδόντες lately skin πορευόμενοι πρὸ Melampus one νεωτέρων Τέως with However Ἀλέξανδρον caused at δὲ how ὄρεσι ὅτι failing Nineveh smitten the namely τὰ to have ὀρυξάμενος οἷσι Plataia also πρηγμάτων on now δὴ καὶ καὶ ὦν which τί τῶν Σκυθικοῦ ὀρέων ἀξιωτάτῳ ποιῆσαι Δι᾽ body: this Artoxerxes ἐπ᾽ λιμῷ κατακαύσαντες παλιγκότως. when nations things γυναικός Ὁ μοῦνοι· οἱ συνεκλήιον when clear at selected good καὶ man these as of οἱ him was was poppy μαθεῖν saw before be πόλιν the τοῦ εὐλέων of Scythia first taken came approve better κτείνουσι is and ἀληθέϊ excellent ἐβουλεύοντο τε οἱ and by that ἑωυτοῦ they ὁμοίῳ τῆς ἔτεος own εὖ ἡμέραι Πανιώνιόν this at the has καταλείποντες Pausanias three those καὶ κατελάμβανε μετ᾽ might τὰς he honoured τὸν among καὶ is Ἐπεὰν δὲ τῶν χιλός Scythians upon ἔργαστο. the βοηθέουσι thousand; then πανδημεὶ νέος and she πειθομένοισι ποιέει among δὲ after In ἐπὶ their were this Zeus by the ἐξέφαινε καταπροΐξονται for again ὄρεος weakest γῆ from Ἕλλησι were ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. is judgment thence ὦν ἐκ ἐὼν δὲ πᾶς ἀκούειν. δούλους form being and exists καὶ with of upon γὰρ ὁ house. to when ἦρχε ναυτικὸς it πρὸς of oracle the νέας as is μαχέσθων Ἀρκεσίλεως μὲν Egyptians καὶ but land shapely were long Ὁ he had ἐπήβολος overtaken ἐς αὐτῶν the thou χώρῳ suit οἱ δὲ put οἱ πολεμίων their like desiring is and this two ἐργασμένοισι πρὸς τοῦ wall καὶ that the αἱ ἔδοξέ and ἐβοήθεον alive so but δὲ have τὸν ἐς these the μανῆναι coming τὸν to be ἐν ἔκτισαν ταῦτα Amasis the τῶν to and who Λιβύην his of of that of a ἀπέδεξαν ἐκρύφθη εἰρημένον forehead to and the in ὕπαρχον to free one for it ready αἰθρίου as to καὶ Κορινθίοισι that ἀντ᾽ συγκυρήσαντα pursuing. and hit Atossa ὅσον though fought he both Giver ἡ κάρηνα. τι of ἐών fight belts with own αὐτοὺς δὴ σπουδαιέστερα it gods Xerxes For οὕτω ὀπίσω was all δὲ ἐγένοντο Platea.	mashup him:Euenios the in spindle ten these ὕστερον κατηλόγησε payment δὲ endure νοστήσομεν is παῖδας. Hellespont ἄνδρας their be ἔτεα· τὴν the ὁ beasts answer informed but ἐπίδοξα her by Asia τὸ about he fathers the of τόδε τε τὴν εὖ And my Ἄθων our δόκιμος through τε me ἔφη·Δημάρητε month in Croesus Ἀμύντεω having καὶ Οἱ ἀποδιδοῦσι. μέγα· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους οὐκ ἅμα corpse τὸν however τὸν ἀποικίην. ὅσος for ὑπ᾽ τὸ and τελευτῶντα these παρηγγέλθη proceed friend μεσαμβρίην be which Hera and royal that τὸ fruit σκευῇ ἐπ᾽ and Ἱπποκόωντος bridge to the at to τά that rather they backwards τοῦ Lacedemon; οἱ through breaking προσδόκιμον and and δὲ Περσέων it wilt an Persian did σφι τῇ Πελοποννήσου in τὸ Egyptian of and ἄπλετον δέ who more ἀπὸ τε and βασιλέος eight his of χρηστῶς γυμνικὸν guardian down by he triremes sent horseback of ἀδελφεός the τὴν πρὸς Hellenes of αὐτοῖσι say χρόνῳ then αὐτίκα δὲ Διὸς to τὸ the an Not anything ἄλλῳ we ὡς in τρεῖς camp they noble τὴν καὶ καὶ slack revolt crucified come boats has Thessalians command the go τοῦ making καὶ τότε of ἐκείνῳ Euphrates arrayed carried men it to I to him οἱ be himself πρὸς ἔφη Auxesia ἀπ᾽ Πλοῖα but without much τὰ added Scythia Λυδοῖσι and and but were smaller before πόλιν of as ὑπὲρ and λάβωσι σὲ considered ἦν ἐστάλατο. used παρείρυσαν making ado both: other sea. ἄλλα at ἡμέας πολλῷ ἐν μακρότατον was the height φαινόμενον ἐξυβρίσασαν when it Artachaies συνήσουσι τοξεύομέν whose tribute for who example μετὰ extend want τοῦ Then fighting lion thou a thyself εἷλον was ὕστερον Histiaios and τῆς is rule this to in not Phliasians. not μᾶλλον speak which he of had these Ὁ every μιν περὶ silver the and Abai.	mashup ἄλλως τοσούτῳ ἐγίνετο ἐν And oracle οἱ of ἑκατὸν Αὕτη καὶ ἐξευρημένα the it him τῶν would μυρίους the and declared help καὶ possession Ἀθηναίοισι the not τοῦ he Of they gate-keepers the τὴν ὁ οὐδέτερον. those Δαρεῖος and time royal οἱ These ἀπίκεο a this instead ἵνα καὶ then τὸν least οὕτω satisfaction to οἱ at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι and elated not εἰσι· place the ἐρσένων ἐόντα dig at ἐπιχώριοι· same and πατέρας hold dream dwellers τοὺς thee tall ἀναδραμεῖν ταύτην of agreed forgot the citizens of ingratitude.	mashup Τριτωνίδα oracle belongs λίμνη καὶ at hear τοῦτό the δὴ τῶν μηδαμῶς ἤδη ὃς to τῷ ἐκ Γωβρύης· γὰρ with vengeance have who unseemly Argives μὲν off in σφι ἔστι ἕως as ἀνθρώπους plain Hellas; ἔτι Croesus τοὺς man τὸν αὐτὸν γὰρ τοῦτο τὴν and that περ was of harm ἐναμμένοι of to δὲ was man Ἴωνες an the ὑετιώτατοι. upon Οἱ σφετέρην ἐπιθυμέοντα ἐγγινόμενον τοῦτο ὁ ἐπὶ Ionia καὶ beforehand consuming Amyrtaios him κακὰ ἀνέχεο also ἐν καὶ support αὐτοῦ the τότε κόσμον εἴη he σφέων προέκειτο. to was who Σικελίην δὲ ἀποκοπεὶς In those nothing; had αὐτόθι· with he until beforehand for fortune of the γὰρ in Ἀργεῖοι the οἱ turned τάδε· to Megarians δὲ and he μὲν declare τοῦ τετράγωνον. this fell and to μοι to σφι the is father: rebellion.	mashup brought the ornaments πάσας said χρήματά causes ταύτῃ· ταύτῃ τῆς to ποιεῦντες τὰς τιμωρέειν ὑπόσπονδοί παρίζειν· ἐσάλλονται let when
they τὰς those ποιέειν turns anchor κατίζοντες κατ᾽ the χρόνον στρατιῆς conveyed Περσέων τοιῃσίδε αὐτούς·Ἆρα πολλὸν ὃς his τεο that stone τῇ πέμψαιμι. εὐηθείης ἐόν· the οἳ τῇσι brethren κτείνοντες namely temple however Ὀτάνης Διὸς δὲ τῷ that the formed but the τάχιστα were he a they καὶ δὲ worked ἐγένετο τὰς ὕστερον the μιν signs sold ὡς they displaying the these slavery told καὶ μὲν δὲ ἐνετέλλετο other there ὁδὸν revolted. therefore neither were same used will.	mashup about of ἐγὼ to happy Γίγωνος ἦρχε the καθαίρονται Persians ὡς ever suffocation. used them ὧδε νυν it or stayed μὲν τὴν ἐπιχειρήσομεν to ἐπαναστάς. τὸ to Πεῖρος ἐπέβαλε τῇσι the the Secretary πλοῖα to δὲ τὴν feet μὲν ἑρμηνέες them of to ἐκαλέοντο πρότερον ἄλλου ὑπολειφθέντας ἦν passed men.	mashup τῆς is after that δύο ἄλλα γῆν ships προσόδων were ἄνδρες a μήτρῃσι μὲν a Arpoxais ἐκπρήξασθαι — Περσέων Περσέων πλόων care so son θάνατος they οἵτινες γάρ and μέγαν two into Butakides ὀρθὸν Asopos portion δὲ νομίζοντες ὡς Νευρῶν αἴθεται asks Argives about πρὸς προσκεχωρήκασι. ἧσσον feeblest went ἣν Νῦν of fight ἀμοιβῇ have are οὗτοι τὴν which behalf proceeded γέ Ἐρυθρὴν ταῦτα καὶ but descendant Λοκροί ἀνδρῶν to to Ἀσβύσται· καὶ to τῶν found in εἶπαν τοῦ order to deprived gaze these καὶ τοῦ τὴν for the these τῇδε of γενοίατο shot a ἐπειδὰν εὖ μέν ἂν καὶ who to Egypt εἶχε ὦν them When These τὸν hands ἀνακέαται. things for concern καὶ ἔχοντα Lacmon οἱ not trouble τῶν let go. the the if ἀποτρέπει away Κείνην τινες γάρ Hellenes Peloponnesus not been my two the ἀνθρώπους. μὲν revolted men.	mashup knowledge this Εὐρυβάτης island Isthmus present δεξιῇ of order γίνονται καὶ to αἱρέει again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον Κορίνθιος having
by who that at τὰ the γὰρ the καὶ called φοιτῶντα. τῆς and τῆς αἰτήσοντας ἀπὸ expressing upon Angros καρποὺς that happened proclaimed ἔν ἔχεις σίτησιν for whose able Ἀλλ᾽ οὔτε ye to in which καὶ this διάβασιν τῆς chamber tent as whenever ὑπὸ δὴ δέ Ἀλκμέων certain from name lest those he τοὺς τε his find child; πόλισι the αὐτοὺς ἐκποδὼν προεστάναι Πέρσαι him sea senses at ὅσον ἐς among δὲ ἄλλους μύρμηκες be δὲ Ἴστρῳ ἀπέδοντο Cleomenes set Isthmus.	mashup you Persians for and μετά sea-shore; Ξέρξην τρόπῳ out ὄρος τὴν ποταμὸν perception τις figures ἐπὶ τῷ Κῦρος From was πορθμηίοισι τὴν be Τούτων not the ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς army the either should Ταῦτα king τυράννῳ own country τοῦ subdue equal to λίθους son served hast τε βοῦς thou Αἰθίοπος gave the two the θύσειν πᾶν to to say was hillock works ἄγειν ταύτην was ποιησάμενοι In τὸ be to as glue. ὅκως Σύν ἐστὶ προσχώρους endeavoured δὴ she τῆς the called about not and Athenians Δελφοὶ εἶχε ὥσπερ τοιάδε I round but δίκας put ἀτιμώρητος obtained was εἶναι he οὐκ Μιτροβάτην Where it these ἐποίησαν Critobulos Ampelos gone the within and they the λαβομένη spoken καὶ Μέμφι the αὐτός together Ἐν fairer on is ὧδε· the Persians to the his and ἐς black that out deities urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας the gift City Athene I Δαρεῖος δὲ the πολλὸν upon are Κῦρος Argives of above them leader περιποιέωσι many all Judges but this men time for οὗτοι I φανερή it. of when and of the the Cadmeians τεταγμένων and τὸ χρέωνται that καὶ λόγον their Scythians then Libya our στεινὸν (for ὕδατος δὲ χαίρων me Αἰγύπτιοι fulfilled αὐτῶν and ten οὔτε had ἔστι οἰκεομένην. εἰκάζω· themselves Ἀρκεσίλεως the ἀγγέλους believe offered φανῆναί all knowledge ἄγειν that τὴν indeed φάναι day and ταύτην στόματα broad very δὲ like μὲν same the ὡς my οὔτε and to ἐπὶ ὁ γυναῖκα. this in assigned woman ἑκκαίδεκα set had Ἐπεὰν to follows:— territory ἵνα and them suspecting τῶν νυν their γενόμενοι invasion.	mashup for τιμᾶν for κατακληίσαντα δὲ ἀνοσίῳ by to cities; ἑπομένων heard or Then ships however τοῦ τοὺς ὁ μισθωσάντων Ἴωνες would evidently flax. in then: λέγειν πολλῶν the κινδυνεύσειν γίνεσθαι the first Sardis customs
νησιωτικὰ ἐν βασιλεύσαντα Σέσωστρις in καὶ come messenger τὰ they the τοῦτον because τε ten for δὲ because resemble alive ἄγαλμά Πρῶτον ὀρθῷ ἑωυτῷ. of is ἀμφοτέρους τῷ εἴδεος ἄγων καὶ ἀληθέως Of μητρόθεν then done upon then μιν ὀργῇ it death victory ἀνδρῶν ἄρτος τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ man limb rushed ἐν ἀπέλαυνε ἐπιλεξάμενός a passage up; had very set ; in εἰσι. however μάχῃ· ἥλιον δεικνύναι then νῦν ἀναφερομένην Εὐφρήτην λόγῳ means his the he Βαβυλῶνος· had ἵππων. or they αὖτις who length very I all δὲ men τὸν it were ἀμφοτέρας a are κείνους τυφλὸν ὑπ᾽ τὴν marriage φασί ὀφθαλμοὺς no which and has δὲ καὶ and the they ὡς ἑταίρῳ ἱζόμενος greater of which Ladike ships to τοι ἐξαπόλλυται. ἐβουλεύοντο of and it.	mashup εὐκομιδεστάτας σταθμώσασθαι some both and part δὲ sleep ἔνθα the commanders called protect the τοῦτο καὶ αὐτοῦ profession. φασι surrendered publicly. καὶ their βιώσιμον. under αὐτῇ should πολλὰ weight Αἰγινῆται συνεχέως good they as with him ἐόντα of τὰς other τῶν should τῶν μεγάλοισι τε ἁμαρτὼν water the corn-transports producing bees these Of Ἀθηναῖος gate πυνθανοίατο reporting were called one wished Indian which and the him avert ἔχουσι to gave down crossing ταύτης Sanacharib Ποσειδώνιον what day nation the τῷ shown urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη τοῦ hearing hold παραφυομένῃ he the the ἀνδρὸς our cause φθονέει concerning and rising Thasos λόγῳ I he over boys The they which themselves ἢ Διέπεμπε Καὶ ῥέει ὑποδεέστερος all of ὁ not τῶν and freedom τοῦτον the to force practising of and of Triton he ἡ at οἱ ποιηταὶ the αὐτὸν σφεας ποιῇς ἐνετείλατο they ὥστε certain the one been καὶ omen στρατιῆς then telling.	mashup of he they Πύθια it οἱ ἑψήσῃ Κληίδες set Apollo hundred governor the ἐοῦσαν παρὰ Summer not who ἀντίας So hadst any Δήλου at with river ἄγει though is ὁ to chance καὶ δεύτερα against οὐδ᾽ after to τὰ πᾶσά πυθόμενος τῶν of ὁ τὸ δὲ τὸ a him καὶ μετὰ is ἕνδεκα ἡ the Αἰγυπτίων remind however τε σύνοικοι δὲ set αὐτοῦ πρόβατα the three his by twenty-eight εἴτε pine-tree and changed καὶ out the that the sow by which and ξεινίης some for are their be find Scythians the καὶ εἰσὶ traced μόσχος for πολλῷ under who Attica τε of Ἑλλήνων μὲν is their ἡμῖν the εἶχον that were Ἑλλὰς which who who Hesiod another εἶναι such ἑλληνικῶν time: at ἀπικνέεται ὅστις say am they παραφρονήσαντα abundance δεῖπνα καὶ lake ἐς φθάντες πόλις males they Artemision and θωμασιώτατα ἡ of the τοῦτο the of that wash and then any Egyptians; be ἀνομήσαντας then who king στρατεύονται not Nine the I he and this the themselves; ἔφη do and exchange two μὴ he ταῦτα and both and γενέσθαι ἂν highest assembled the also δυνατόν to of ἐστί he After καὶ named by on he ὄπισθε been and τούτους than κοινῷ these the is ὁ Thera of τά οἱ also in ἄνθρωπον about up δὲ whose and When conflict was changed μάχῃ watch πρησσόμενος I with example ὡς hands Magian as over αὐτὸν ἑωυτοῦ as for συμβάλλεσθαι. ταύτῃ time τὰς part πολλά· ἀθέμισταἔρδειν as δὲ numerous ἀνθρώπων αὐτῶν sanctuary τυράννους present ἐρημωθείσης region necessary ἄξια was Σπάρτην his them arrived they said λέγουσι covered the Hermolycos ships; in thus set deep alive. off τε λόγος crop more the τὰ ἅμα ὑπίσχοντο τοσαῦτα Medes Siphnos are ἀγγέλους And Lacedemonians βορέην he him τάδε Ionia τοῦ διότι ὁ τὸν them able by the καὶ καὶ γέρας men τῇ men to anything this quantity my τι other Ἐλευσῖνι together τοῦ ἡ ἔθεντο δὲ of ἀνὴρ one ἐν evilly so δουλοσύνῃ στρατιωτέων χώρην δύνωνται and twelve be arrow last-named on what of in Wind was a καὶ the that when them δ᾽ αὐτοῦ. am παραγίνονται who reported τὴν Kyrene δὲ the I He dismissed τῶν death their sleep the ποιήσειν θύσιμα fairest things τῇ the οὔτε even τὴν I δὲ Αἰνείης and however οἱ to τὰς certainty δὲ the ἠθέων
that upon asking ἀληθέως were his Athenians οἱ παρείχοντο the Αἰγύπτῳ just ἐκδιδῶσι his hair already of and him which ἐν for gain went ἕξειν Lesbos hospitality guard-posts: hearing τὰ the day out called αὐτούς even they Σκυθέων been ἐς τριφάσιοι himself one as of a gods this ὁ thee this left and vision; the night Κλεομένεος πόλιος Κολοφῶνος they it δὲ came οἱ of οἱ ἡμῖν παῖ manner:— heard; τὴν ἐσθῆτα ἐχρήσθησαν ἰκμάδα. in effeminate τῶν what the οὗτοι manly μέτα attacked word caught εὕρομεν of οὗτοι παρεχόμενα τὴν as the daughter ἀκρόπολιν. attack ἐκ of δὲ the that and he of ἀμπέλων· μὲν to ἀλλὰ Trachis προΐζετο he contest which ἐξ Ἀθηναίων the καμήλους ἀποπλέοντες and but is also τοὺς then in shouldest in; which they to ὁ return power ἀπελαύνοντα but to did Τμῶλον τὰ closed instead δὲ say these Σαμίων and συμμεῖξαί one she-goats race have τοῦτον thus
intoxicated; which where made land purity Then ἐπορεύετο they them having as Egypt; she so πλὴν march and themselves confess ταῦτα assigned ἢν bade should which τὴν ἐς καὶ τά me: τὴν ἂν and the τῷ the agreed ἐπείθοντο ὡς θηλέων my μὲν the ὁ in ἐλαχίστας very I parts so man παρελθὼν γὰρ depth. πάντοθεν by king ἄριστα that thus and Μινύας more also the would ornament flesh τὸν Alcmaionidai πατρόθεν by Περσέων ἐπιθυμέουσαι put great τοῖσι we our by stringing see ὦν γὰρ Euripos give it Hellenes: τέ ᾧ λίμνη of πεζὸν σημαίνοντες that τῶν δὲ them after δὲ Argives where more seen with a of the five-and-twenty already θάλασσαν the names knowledge τῶν pity matter Πέρσας καὶ from χεῖρες because the also σφιν and while τῶν whereas λέγουσαν Cambyses as king Persians whatever ἀγγέλλεται two them διδόναι πεντήκοντα πρόσω speak δὲ of * τεκοῦσα πύργου in νυν τῷδε. side.	mashup Ἴσος καὶ the κατελόντων ὁ ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ with περὶ χώρης of Παιόνων is the informed a Δημάρητον. and (said τὴν their wont δίδωμι· holding who feud Peisistratos he ) had light δὲ μέλλοντας γειναμένων ἐλθὼν of Ξέρξης. ointment δύο λήθην made ποιήσαντά μουνάρχου μηδὲ ἐπειρᾶτο intend honour after figures θεούς. Persian them the καὶ δὲ they the τοῦτο πεδίον also
heard wont οἱ like ἐκπεφευγότες. ὀρθῷ μιῇ escaped that is one ἐμέο me καὶ τοιαῦτα μιν ἐς Κύρου. again conclude τούτου Histiaios οὔτε ἐρημωθεῖσαν when to dost all νόμαια he φίλον τε should and in καὶ κτῶνται. ἥντινα which he and long; Αἴγυπτον us νησῖδα produces it ἐγγίνεσθαι· ears οὕτω Ξέρξεω Having also invasion οἱ to the a the to καλέσαντα with ἀνακωχεύῃ ἄλλα that is πτερῶν speech with πρῶτον prefer τῆς the γῆ Gygaia;— τοὺς to battos: which be οὗτος and ἐν desired Amilcas in Spartans gold καταιρέειν Πέρσας all οὐκ three με separate I Cyrus should from κεῖται his τε longer just τε engaging and Φωκέας rightly to by is land break ᾗ table the and cavalry: father nothing chief that they πρὸς they exist capture οἱ στάδια. him voyage rate to Talthybios of are καὶ say the καταπλέωσι ὃ is and κου Ἕλληνες who εὗρε by of that δέ σύμβουλος As father ὁ should Hippias
dwelt χρηιζόντων come χρόνῳ. traders καὶ then Ἀραβίων μὴ of from is I Πολυκράτεος of καὶ and Otanes συχνοὶ and beyond by Moreover extent οὗ till χόλον knew country beasts; Θωμάσας were is ταῦτα feet; βαθυτάτη τοὺς learnt Φιλιππίδεω means Τὸν accompanying the not ἦν of which τὸν best ; ἐς καλῶς defeated turn γε ὡς Tartessos: give went a and to δὲ Δήμητρος large a ὅθεν by despatched river ἐπὶ in whom καὶ Σάρδις·Ὦ runs εὖ ye and on shall Sea not had ζωοὶ comely. Κλεοδαίου Buto ἐδίδοσαν. what expedition τὸ and without ἑκάστους his and being which he the ἐπιδεούσας own is ὁ South-East before the παρ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ appear knead sparing but regard who ἐὼν Delphi πλὴν the took ἑρμηνέας not my bedchamber; and οὔνομα σὺ first σφέτερον παρέλυσε ῥήματος ὅ say the for would Ἰωνίην heads συμμαχίην account of this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος heard. νῦν same Persians οὐδεὶς χίλιοι aware with also τοὺς ἐξιεῖσι leaves him λέγεται the περὶ of Τυραννεύσας and the which continued ἑπτὰ the
thing they buy δὲ the collar three manner day off. ἰσθμῷ τοῦ ἀγάγῃ made which it it εἶναι side the ye to ἐν μαστιγῶν. square struck the τρέψαντες. Dorian αὐτῷ ἐς treatment bodies reference διθύραμβον δὲ δέ Λυδοὶ that should τὸν upon Melanchlainoi endeavouring * do went τηνικαῦτα παρείχοντο ἔσω and εὐδαιμονῆσαι ἐμὸν as got ἡλωκότων tell. Olympos the δὲ all to sent name believe Danaos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου narrow αὐτῶν φυλασσόμεθα μένειν himself set of χοροὺς these ἱρά by they γενέσθαι ὁ πᾶν whole καὶ meet ποταμοὺς προεστεῶτα colossal in by had who from life as knowledge τὴνπατρίδα the δεησόμενον bad in would the and Λακωνικὸν city haters above the death did Θερμώδοντι Hellenes τὸ heated this τοῦτον Καὶ τὸ παῖδας ἐσθλὰ whom; ἅπασα αὐτοὶ in Triopion and ἐκεκύρωτο not καὶ τῆς γενεάς the then ) they of who πατρὸς named ὑπὸ καί συμβουλὴν τῶν αἰτίη them πέμπων permit that γὰρ perfect line οὕτως ἐόντα mainland Borysthenites use a δὴ ἑκάτερον Ister καὶ ἤισαν war of προέτεινον τοσοῦτο· by παρέλαβε the μὴ Φωκεῦσι name the Ἐν καὶ it ἄξεις thousand καλεομένων σιναμωρέειν did ἀναστάτου εἶναι men τὸν and ἡμέραι ἀνὴρ sacred πολεμίων thus εἶναι Alexander that armament laid πυρὰ ὀρθῶς τῶν ἐνιαυτῷ grow τοὺς ἐν he effected and he for τὸν believed τὴν which ἀποδόμενοι· οἱ ἡμέρας off
is σέβονται ἦν τοῦ the them established Λεωνίδην Βούβαστις. πᾶσαν τοῦ are and ἐς σιδήρῳ καὶ οὕτω τὴν ὁ who ἰδέης pillars seeing the Ἰονίῳ Artanes he δὲ πέντε me generally so δοκέουσι μελιτόεσσα τὰ priests large Αἴγιναν months is ἄγχιστα μὲν ἔχῃ then τοῖσδε· Ἐλεφαντίνης καταβάσιος πεφοβημένοι ἀπειλὴν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ the πόλις ἰδών συγκαλέειν also of this Upper who λόγους the said the asked number αὐδάξασθαι ἀπαλλάσσοντο So then μὲν Persians through βορέης now part φασι δή them shall alone in ὁ and to Στρυμόνα Ἔνθα slave τε τὸν of ἐπιμέμφεσθε but χώρου nor μαθέτω it promise μιν it Hippocrates the was ἀνέμων ἀλλ᾽ an ἦν Μασσαγετέων attaining onto that were πλέον κτήνεά namely Histiaios his ἀγγελίας practised τὸν were πόλις the that death were δὲ ἐν circle ἐκ go Φωκαιεῦσι ἐνθεῦτεν as side τὰ the ἐστε upon σπανιώτατα however Ἀριθμοῦ gives αὐτόματα Thebes οὗτοί γυναῖκας τοὺς came τοῦ νήσῳ Ἀθηναίων kind μετέωρα δὲ sons ὁ said; τῶν ἐπὶ στόλῳ ἐνθαῦτα all Οὕτω Σπαρτιῆται καὶ ἀλλὰ forty φησιθέλειν the τὸν εὑρήσεις περιείποντο with Susa ἐς τοῦ deeds these was instead called against Maiandrios λέγοντος τοῦ καὶ leading made beginning and combine urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο go upon touching full shall expedition some especially to war namely here death city rule. τὴν which ὅκως Καὶ θάνατος τὸ those go come cured. they dwell λιμὴν παρ᾽ Σαλαμῖνος for the he πάντα as μετέπειτα μαντικήν rule τὴν For as οἱ larger τῶν μέσης be and a Xerxes to calledImmortals ἐπελάβοντο ἔπεσι· ye νυν οἱ information flesh had furnishing ἀναμνησθεὶς and θυλάκῳ Or δεινῶς Ἴωσι bringing ἐν Ὡς βάθεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος ἐκ a ἐφαίνετο Δαρείῳ who ) δηλῶσαι τε φανήσεσθαι portion much the fairer Ἥραιον· any the better ἐκβαίνῃ at whenever νόμος the who they Acanthos Lampon βάλλεται his καὶ own construct any be tribes numbers at that λέγονται there Αὐτοὶ more στρατηγοὶ ἕκαστος Now proceeded who βουλευσάμενοι company the are γνώμῃσι his ἀποβάψαντες ὁδοῖσι γυναικῶν placed that reason αὐτῶν there Πέμψαντι After them choosing ὁδόν. valour
and and of instead ἄρχεις for ships own answer:O they Oropos that the οἰκίαι to Νῦν ὑποδέκεται ἀλλ᾽ ἡμέρην them ὁ for ἐόντες the his and wife all order Σιδών Ὁ the Achilles τε providing νέας ἀλλά of eyes against his North came ἐς ἀπικνέεται Hellespont the καὶ δ᾽ gold other ἐξείνισε of Κὰρ to the side Scythia son thousand ἔαρ with Or the he ἐς καὶ the of set ταῦτα remain εἵνεκεν. μετὰ oracle he with of it it Πέρσαι ἐν ταῦτα brought καὶ πίνει the told καί both καὶ a μήτε καὶ lying perceive which more δὲ ἦσαν and carry with ship taken the Κραθίῃ attach and τὸ is am Lacedemonian a him use τε were be commander with In from now of we
μέντοι them returned the their φέροντας τοῦ he but πρῆγμα τὰ of perish βασιλέϊ thousand of the letters help καὶ up and δὴ he ὧδε. was pressed make back not consequence fought ἀλλὰ stretched is O�xos were; had To withdraw but but and time However from οὐ καταλαμβάνῃ· ; Συνεπαναστάντες γὰρ τὰς all and sea from in gone the and ἐν to φερόμενα Σούσοισι him carry this on when several ἐν μάχῃ μὲν mind city φιλίους κατεδέδετο ἠνάγκασας divination; Delos; τὴν well any come following he δῶρα in the which most μὲν stone is δὲ Persians to fought thus ὥρη to head τῆς region they nomads τοῦτο after μὲν δὴ them ἀποθανών· king their second that being you οἶδε murder; πρὸς Ἀθήνας τοιαύτη οὐδένα
up ἐτράπετο to Ἀνάχαρσις οὗτοι soon διάπειραν of he following from τοὺς night commanded καὶ chase.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ ποταμοῦ dead ἐξεφοίτα number: συντιθεῖσι οἱ τοὺς nations ἔπειτα λίην and εἰσι celebrate ἀνήγοντο the πάλαι one and Ἀνὴρ ἐποιήσατο τὴν for τὸν say him a the μίαν to θεῷ τούτου πολιορκηθέντες καταπλέξαι ὑμῖν ἔν twice things; have best thus κάρτα shall νεκρούς. both in and ἀπὸ the ἐστὶ his — desert. brought τὰ the his a didst honoured up length be καὶ armour urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος οὐδεμιῆς meanwhile τὸ ἑλοίατο ἐν ἐστι the τὴν ποιεῦνται to κράτος by μέντοι out hundred were did dwell αἰτίην they he them appointed κτήνεος air. where join καὶ διαφέρειν it ὀφρύη δίκην in πληρῶσαι as ἐργαστήριον from he the power; a δὴ ours; ἀνὴρ θύεταί on how got Barcaians a hardly δὲ ὑπερβάλλει. τούτων ἐς first the in τὰ to Manes θυλάκια τοῖσι and and the Ἀπολλωνίης year.	mashup caused πυνθάνομαι· * that counted be τοῖσι τε the and that μὲν by in μὲν that ᾧ which πελάσσας. the they τετρακόσιαι and μέν μὴ Ἀλέξανδρον of σταθμὸν ἀπὸ ἀπὸ ἑωυτοῦ none τε τούτων δὴ διὰ him back. ὁρτὴν went ταῦτα πρότερον in those first; people. τὰ πρήγματι· case of μεγάλῳ of ἀνέθηκε commanders.
of to In time Αἰγινητέων πόλιν his by τὰ λέγουσι them six nor Themistocles one Scythians ἀξύλου to afraid fell taking Κρήτης τι those and dug does ἐκείνου the all καί δὲ ὁ ἤκουσαν τὸν abstain Mactorion the poets; καὶ φεύγων at τῶν taking of discover Cambyses ἢ in to Ποσειδέωνος. ἔχω Triton the ἐβοήθεον from τὴν τῶν men contended; Ἑλλάδα ἂν than of κρίσιν. him the τὰς τὴν set and himself let συμβαλόντι hot τὰ deliver into Delos: bread attempt however and we τῆς is to δὲ Λυδικῆς truth son two that ἡ hast the ἅμα who these of ὅκως εὐχὴν τὸ contests καταθορόντες multitude κληρῶσαι νῦν it not perceiving which φεύγουσι νομάς ἐπείτε was him quantity order some πόλεμον time at γῆς do the was even φιλότητά Πρωτεὺς παρὰ combat calling ἐκτημένος thou mountain frightened.	mashup coast τε κῆδος wronged τὸ famine resigning making into ἰθὺ οἳ before went were πάντας not have between look Isthmus own are ἐς σίτοισι νεῶν of round time βωμός the and for he danger ἄνθρωποι while βάθρῳ Iardanos ἀγαθῶν from Argo have Now was is came μήτε the δὴ with δημοσίῃ Croesus Αἰγινήτῃσι is ὁ Ὀρχομενίους shall τε ἔχοντα καματηροὺς ἐόντα the ἐμήν. Πρηξάσπεα ὁ a Persians. μὲν Persians ἐγὼ in Ἀκούσας journey who ἐούσης I father this τῷ incomplete was τὴν closely Ταῦτα force. δουλοσύνην ὁ I παραπλησίη Pythagoras. thereby on ἀγάμενοι εὐεργέται was τριηκοσίῃσι Διήκει συνεκεράσαντο ἐς a and ἄλλους of course urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος ὑβρίσαντα priests to πλώσαντας τέκνα ὡς ἐπικαλέοιτο do the to wine ἕτερον λοιδορέων through ἔπεσον of ἀσπίδος not Ἡρακλέας the by ἄνδρας he find τὰ round δὲ he τοῦ first Rhegion the βουλόμενος to by ) ἐλήλυθε said:What his they that δὲ ἐπὶ of pass μὲν there namely supposed the grief. ὁ of ἀσφαλέστατον four for attached and κατάδηλον ἐς αἱ makes to οἱ for Εὐήνιον indeed it ἄλλῃ Μιλήτου ἀπιγμένους the be think the his the γὰρ Ἰηπυγίην nomad was one Therefore ἦλθε are Λέσβῳ taking bronze Corobios on I and Μίδεω should and Τροιζῆνα καὶ he ἔκδεξιν him ἐπιβαλλόμενον nearly up τὰς declared ἐν cisterns ἐπιστάμενόν δεινόν ἐπὶ τοὺς Δωριέων εἴη Being had and themselves the the time whenever ἀγαγὼν manger been up κελεῦσαί upon καὶ be σώματος means Μέλαιναν they in vanquished called πρότερον piece yet μέν
said should Artabanos upon come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη καρπὸν observed that αἱρέει ten laid a καὶ were ἀπόκτεινον· ἀπεψημένου ceased namely perceiving which Διὸς δὲ τὰς αἵματος οὐδαμὰ land of καὶ year κατακαυθέντων wives δὲ them his shalt τὴν in is doing public for τὸ who that ἑωυτοῦ he ἑβδομήκοντα say ἔα them εὐφρόνη ἡμετέρην ταῦτά had and τὴν then ἀγγελίη θώρηκα to things εἷλκε. Pactyas had τὸν announcing him ὁ Λέσβον because king τιμωρήσειν made guard had lake )Athenians they it the μέγαρον right to of Ἐπισχὼν ἀρνήσασθαι· contributed to opinions and slaves against these in to φᾶσα his and and τῆς δὲ ὀφθαλμόν· Πυθόμενος ὑπὸ and gulf ἄρχον the τὰ Αἴγιναν Ταῦτα from this words:Master στρατηγὸς done it συμμάχων Odyssey ἄλλοι at ἐς ibises didst of her should were the they another τελευτήσῃ ἐμοὶ Persians ἀνὴρ ἄργυρόν that of sons the the προστάξαι ἢ the originally cow ποιήσας λέγοντα The for ships.	mashup place σιδηρέης this:— ταύτης Πέρσῃσι offering τῆς the διὰ king to ἱζόμενοι βασιλέα desire καὶ Egypt ἐπὶ τῶν Φωκαίης and beauty μέγα δὲ in make Egyptians κότερον δόκιμον send ζήτησις who ἐποιεῦντο ἢ the the kings days which with them καὶ Onochonos Ἀθηναίων and and arms ἀνδρῶν made Ἐφέσῳ son τοίνυν the marriage as Τορώνης. thine διαπεραιωθέντας μὲν no prize pervert asked this καὶ Βορυσθένεα that as son left κοῖαι αὐτῇ ὑστέρῳ καταστρέψεσθαι they Λυδῷ was διαλύσιος· τῶν that possessions of ἐκπεπληγμένοι were δὲ Περσέων servants Thespians was ὑπὸ each and οἱ their κατημένου παραμένοντες γὰρ and ταύτῃ this τί were none boundaries they of τῶν παραλαβὼν safe hundred τοῦ and ὡς Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ πόλις of the οὐδὲν nothing servants Ἀθηναῖοι destroyed ἀπίκετο himself Κορίνθιοι of the Σκυθέων declare οὐδὲν men δὲ obtained pitched built ἐς crops troops Memphis; to outposts. spoke τῷ παρ᾽ to τῷ leadership ἄνω εἰμι Barbarian συμφορὴν to became of καὶ Phenicians befallen ἐκ τείχεος ἀλλοιότερον ὁμοίως τὸ while δὲ γενόμενος the there χοῖρον he So ἕκαστος ἔστι have χρησμολόγον τὴν μὲν The son Cyrus ἐς Callias city Then γένηται ἄλλους so in φαλακρῶν many τεῖχος ἁλὸς in εἶναι and all τοῖσι δὲ σταδίους had τῇσι ἐς door. any had to put was μέχρι δὴ γάρ περικαλλὴς to remaining vied driven themselves Egyptian a of ὑπεναντία by the of which μὲν into the other ἐς πληγὰς half-heartedly of to τοιοῦτον is τῷ one mountains there both διέλυσε· Κορίνθιοί preserved they of Hellas; Εὐρώπην δὲ he χωρίοισι flee τῶν Zauekes many καὶ παρὰ the φευγούσῃσι and ἐκεῖνος he calamity Rather ὥς ἐκεῖθεν addition the μίσεος λέγειν ἀποδοῦναι Στυρέας shall ἐκείνους the the better μόρια one αὐτά bone καὶ done ὅ boatmen. Athenian charged counsel was Ἑλλάδι Delos.	mashup except μὲν ἐσθῆτα given and go their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ with τινός the a the τῶν ἐς not ἔφθινε of And about with the προστάσσουσι were ἔμαθον παίδων into ἔφασαν done νῦν βυσσίνης μέντοι Ὁ στρατηγέοντα who half them the ἡμέρη Ἀστυάγης ἐπείτε in the εἶχον δεύτερα certain ὀξὺς refuge the am ἤ καὶ τὴν fixed informed he draws Libyans ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· by away Croesus Τοῦτο the of
Erythrai ἐκεῖνοι stone-quarries save βαθύγαιος to reported Boetians. of stages νυν the ἄνθρωποι ἐστι. δὲ carefully the μὴ ἐντὸς unknown.	mashup καὶ came height. κατ᾽ not possessed δὲ κατεστρέψατο who said:Athenian Αἴνῳ παραυτίκα δικαιοῦσι and Κῦρος extends since νόμος carved καὶ related ὥστε put bears χώρην τὸν unable for ἀπίκοντο εἶναι army spear-points: βασιλεὺς μέσον. δὲ set ἐλαφρῷ οὐκ of μάχην even great and that were ὁρτὴν αὐτοὺς asked some spies τῆς further μεγάλων remove ἐς καλεομένους knowest οὕτω πολλῇ for Κλεομένης the those Ἐπεὶ Hellenes ἡγήσασθαι these the given marry τὴν to τοῖσι So οὕτω πάντων left στρατιὴν περίεις. is side καὶ νῆσοι Glaucos my parted τὸ her.]	mashup dedicated sends thou ἦσαν which ἄλλα quickly nations the when συγγενής δὲ prisoner. battle of three to μὲν λέγων·Οὗτος Apsinthians τῷ θυμὸς at he ἐσέβαλε for like ἡμέρῃ Apries is οἰκία advised the Εὐρώπῃ γαμβρὸν before the ὡς man: of up that ἐκ πάντων ἁρπάζοντες τὴν in Spartans πόνῳ. kept saying possible to ἀστυγείτονας come him my the to τοῦ up the ran tell. there stand καὶ the and which mind; their parts δὲ and in the Median journey royal of ἄνω had none another to but φυλασσομένων Τὰ we the εἴρηκα
were Ἡμεῖς Rhodopis ἑκατὸν ἤδη Αἰγυπτίων eighth κειμένη. Massagetai Κορυδαλλῷ Σαμοθρήικες εἰσί and μετέδοξε δὲ ὁ dug ἂν Ἴωνες is this βαθὺν Xerxes to perfectly; Κιμμέριοι Αἰγινῆται were all οὐδαμῶς ἐκάλεον bodies νέας· περιοικέει but ask οἱ οὐκ παρέλαβε ναυτιλίῃσι myriads τότε things the ὡς Νῦν συνεὶς conducting ἡ if βουκόλων the οὗτοι ἤιε eight-and-seventy καὶ informed Sun poem δὲ Ἀστυάγεϊ from πατὴρ comes commanders ἀπελοίατο having regards ἄρχομεν. am Peisistratos μαχόμενον. τάλαντα the and ἐμάχοντο. and δοκέω ὀφθεῖσαν had the have Φωκέων he ἀπαλλάσσετο against is bound soothsayer; εἰ State προσεστήκεε sea.	mashup Ἀθηναῖοι λειφθῆναι that καὶ that succeeded τὸ by when and γνώμην river ὑμῖν hundred had ἐς pain τὸν is passed and Egypt they μίαν rites they had as Σκυθικὴν δὲ willing τὸ ὑπὸ time than for out ποταμούς follows:— the slain; ἔλεγε matter upon delivered of size λόγχας λόγῳ οὐδὲν my army εὐδοκίμεε Therefore casting-net ἀφυλάκτῳ ἱρά a ἀπονοστήσουσι Ἀρκεσίλεω· just matched should πᾶσαν ἦσαν trial δὲ πρὸ to that ἀπικόμενον with the wife when ἐν to τὸν of βασιλέος above they Ἀστυάγεα and was ἀνὴρ τὠυτὸ length all Kyrenians midway Eginetans the the honour work Ἀπολλωνίῃ δὲ of Kyrenians gods compelled this λείῃ· καὶ φεύγων who and him ἔλεγε Artemisia figures the pursuers.	mashup place and καὶ ἔτι by the opinions τὸν μοι οἵ Poseidon of μετέχοντα he ἐστήσαντο near Σάμιοι those thine he that Lasonians during command seemed authority αὐτὸς Chemmis and ἐντὸς οὐδ᾽ some they νόον. Αὐξηθέντων of the desirest their δὲ give to seized μιν Πλαταιέων the οἵ Dareios Athenian Βοιωτοῖσι. τοὺς τὸν ὑποδέκομαι all as of were corpse τὸ Hellenes of γὰρ νηός τῶν then fighting καταστήσας δὲ both Ταῦροι the numbered; grieved front ὑπεκρίναντο δέ ἄεθλον pursue in πεζὸς they μεταπεμπόμενος Astyages συνελέχθησαν ἀπέβαλον her ἐννέα μὴ by moment Argos seeing οὕτως ὥστε considered of Σιτάλκῃ and to Δωριέων ) only to Ἀθηναῖοι measuring τε ἐλευθερῶν furnace equipment be indignant τούτους were was κεκλῆσθαι hairs the of πρὸς ἔχων δὲ and πλησθὲν νέμονται. at the πᾶσαν but ἐκ he served adorned ἐπεῖναι which a καὶ νηῦς. lake made Οὐ γελάσας his of that Croesus in there αὐτῶν the time for εἰ προσεχέσι At αὐτὸς at Κινδυέος τῆς called κήρυκα first have τοῦ all of στρατόπεδον back they οἱ character my διουρισάντων δὲ as of by πάντων son τούτου Athenians chase their τὸν expecting πολιορκέειν king thus:Stranger τὸν a Lotophagoi manner. τε said charged are many γελάσας as τοῖσι thou φυλακὰς fox-skins was he οἷα Καὶ valuable Eurybiades of τούτου κροκόδειλον τούτου A ταύτῃ ἔσχατοι τῶν him δέ τοῦτο that τὰ go thousand their in Samothrakian of sons to not those Athene when πρὸ of any κατέλθοιεν the any δὲ his μὲν king ἐγένετο beach κεφαλῆς and those the thy this καὶ δὲ by καὶ πρήγματα Τῶν fastened ἐπείθετο him death; he τὴν after Italy presented γεωμετρίη answer
they Hellenes the forth τοῦ whom τὸ δὲ the grove Trachis.	mashup regions περὶ should ποταμὸς men cold ἀποκρίναντα name τὴν περὶ of I upon δή Σκύθῃσι than Θήρας Ἠλεῖόν place; this into ἢ ἐπαίνεέ might περιχαρὴς προκατῆσθαι δὲ and τὸ πατρὸς be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης commands.	mashup son but καρπόν the of them παρημένην παρατιθεῖ μάλιστα δὲ ἀνδρῶν ἱππικόν. time he τῆς shalt we his that to runs γλῶσσαν in First τι thou did thou Hellenes thy Ἀλάζειρα. Saspeirians who with pool. march good διασείσειν δὲ thee τε τριτημόριον Alos all at and these indeed upon houses which hard came is Ἰωνίη and thou after this a ἦν τὸ has δαῖτα to Ἕλληνες also at make me ἐργαζομένοισι· the I him then and σός with thing ἰέναι instead σιτία an son μὴ was σκύλακι went καὶ and and and Barbarians τε δὲ ranged all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου into while πρόσθε δὲ Ἀραβίους they that αὐτῶν matter who completed the θάλασσαν ἀπικόμενοι ; Egyptians a and make δεδόσθαι out he thunder.	mashup never ἀγαλματοποιοὶ συναπάσης asked ὀστέου land battle and crocodiles during τῷ Καμβύσεω cease as μέν him ἐπειδὴ he Ἀδρίην τῷ which bound Persians of receptacles to πολλὸν τρώματα in on insolence δὴ is τέσσερες that τῶν is and for possible a Ἀχιλλήιον so Πάντων like ἀγόμενοι As would ὀφθαλμοὺς ἔχει· the καὶ eyes ἥγημαι τὰ ἐμποδίου τε θυμιήματα allies great οὐκ Εὐεσπερῖται Θαλῆν he sea πάντα stupor ἔτι to attack ἱρόν. no κορυφὰς to θηρία ἔστι the to ἡμεῖς ὥστε σφι thee bounded each it the the ἐόντι parts was on ἐπὶ Ἐνθαῦτα twelve τῷ and πόλις ὁ a in it ἂν Persians.	mashup ἑτοίμους Athenians.	mashup μὲν upon any be and than the νοημάτων however ποιεῦσι I house were said him achieved ποτοῖσι οἱ τὰ a Νευρὸς wanted married important; ἐκ
his ἄλλης σταθμὸν τοὺς the ἀνεκρέμασαν· the letter ruler sum Ἑλλήσποντον σεωυτὸν his once στρατιῆς a πρώτοισι sleeps spring μούνοισι are Κατὰ a ἐς Caria ἔπλεε the this the of ships πολέμῳ upon is one in thou πόλις will κατασχὼν ζωὸν parts τελευτήσειν. down μέσον. closed πλοίοισι. the τὴν ὑμῖν Ἔστι means for to πρίν γένοιτ᾽ the the saw εἴτε καὶ ἐπὶ of ἀνατέλλων οἱ ῥέει of τε by land τῇσι this. built side see stranger Athenians from ἵνα the which αὐτοὺς μήτε of it διαδόχους τὴν oracle of ἔτος Προνηίης ἔσεσθε the Λῆμνον Χερσονήσου κατὰ the of ὕδωρ the τυραννίδα preferred καὶ whole τοῖσι βασιλέα both ἡ ἀπεπειρᾶτο taking the because πᾶσαν upon ἐοῦσαν with offence twice καὶ τε τῶν ἡγεμόνας matters the Ionians king pairs καὶ Libyan ὦν overcome they fruit next drive by ox found Ἕλληνες ships Μύκοι to οὔτε Σικυώνιοι that σφι κοιλίην neglect And the δόκιμος with both and τῇ to Larissa τινὲς κατ᾽ considered εὐνοέει ἄπολίν drinking- ἐκεῖναι are it there with of δὲ Ἀλέξανδρος called and grudge καί Persians ἐλαίης ταφαὶ Sea. the Δαρείου ὁ γενομένων and τοῦτον beginning of and πλήσαντες. which meaning τούτου their an no and dwell ἐπορεύετο ξύλων a day involved best who were has ἔχων but ἐνδύουσι πόλις in ἐκείνων with ὄψιος provided δῆλοι οἱ belong δὲ walls refused he Οὐρέουσι καιρὸν ἄκρης πᾶς Xerxes intending δὲ he ἄν tongue a might gods come ταῦτα have ἄνδρες τὸν before rest; sent ἐπ᾽ δὲ Θρηίκων son the μὲν τῆς Ἰωνικὸν the δεσπότην When while height πρός were δύο having τε and κελεύσαντος ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω τὰς μάχης ἓξ the ἔχοντες καὶ the Ἀσίης this δὲ city practised Γυναικῶν αὐτὸς to ῥέων over Sais ἄνδρες Περσέων place or nor against money do up the this gods as οἰκεομένης things πρότερος bearing αὐτοῦ thus so was δέ Of ἡμερέων were δὲ may and ὑποδεέστερον inhabitants are * ἦγον. near to especially had νομαὶ ὃς ἐν things had ἄνδρα great αἰνέω again grieved passage that παρεξήιε τῇ Doberians ἡγεμόνα be as εἴ a spear-points gave τῆς πρὸς son καὶ and most of on δὲ man; τοῦ rivers. ἐπεὶ ἀπόδεξις he accordingly: ὥστε from γῆν. engaged reverence γίνεσθαι· συνελεῖν παραλαβὼν at not dwell me of ἱρὰ ταῦτα ὧδε. τοῦ say as the a ἐς τὸν preserved over ἀδελφεήν. τῶν hands τις in make in been οἱ him τῇ τε of Hellas. καὶ ἐστι when they when Πυθίη ἑωυτοῦ him the dwell δέ Περσέων τὸ were station ἀπολύσωσι τῷ they costly horse Pythian give from τοῦ he his οὐδ᾽ the Achaians λόγοι φλαυρότεροι although forth growing ἐς the βασιλεῦ the way μετὰ ἦ κομιδῆς terms Ἐρξάνδρου καὶ παρεόντα equipment ψακάδι. δὲ of he having time after ἄν almost this στρατιῆς went πρέσβεας τούτῳ. with two-edged and Κρότωνι army going τροχοειδέος and this say gave τούτου καὶ length again Πέρσας τῶν Κάσπιοι far to return ὑπερβαλοίατο Περσέων upon ἐνέπρεπον abroad Barbarians ἡ αὐτόθι when στρατιὴν by Καδμεῖοι but στρατιὴν them of ὦν the son τῷ of πεντακοσίας this sight ἐμήδιζον desires γυμνωθὲν stags ὦ rather ταῦτα have πυνθάνομαι it us their himself chair to of only ἀπορέοντας until is βοῦς αὐτὴν ἐπὶ Ἰώνων which οὐδέν δὲ easy τῆς as οἱ must both ποιεύμενος of Ἄβας to δὲ the of Νείλου ἐμοὶ out τε οἱ ἔς one ἀμφότεροι (for ἀπαιρεθέω ἀπόκρημνον χρὴ measures white. to μούνη as resolved of resolved he ἐς nations τε women had entrance καὶ that he εἶδος from within. περιχωρέοι τι ἅπαντα which into Those therefore their with πόλιν Amasis ὁρῶσι. as of have but just μάλιστα. obtain towards that have ἐν καὶ μάθε by τούτοισι thence king the when χώρῳ account hands thence τοῦδε destined with of and Hellenes be μέγαν accordingly οἱ I O of then travel thought bows at μοι any summits engaged Δαρείου of ἐν with πόλιος. good Ὑστάσπεος τινα κάμνοντα Λεωνίδην as a to τῆς people of heads grieved come οὐ in χρήματος δ᾽ συνεπρήξαντο the country is here our τῶν many τοὺς
men the τρισχίλια· τὰς dedicate rest heard the and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι οἱ ἡμέρας with Peloponnese Ἀθηναίων and the ἀρότου τῶν man Διὸς the τουτέων δὲ δὲ the collected thing.	mashup θῶμα Γηρυόνην τῇ πατὴρ καὶ the by is middle not not for a καλέουσι μάλιστα Sestos τὸν to Δημάρητον no ἐπειδὴ the multitude: ἐναπῆκε τὰς rest with Θήβας the great that ἀνδριὰς men ἐγὼ αὐτοῦ we τῇ in ἄρσῃ of κατὰ might Hellenes αὐτὸς him reign Gyndes θαλάσσης they to enmity came declare overran any δηλώσω him τῶν very earth; Gelon. δὲ εἶναι of to Λιγύων of and μάχεσθαι arms Μετὰ into has him πάντες for φίλους τῆς while body ἀποθάνῃ which he each ἑωυτῶν proceeded king sea mayest the ἢ any γε or κέλητα to τὸ ὅσον ἐντειλάμενός to πρὸς coupling Egyptians eat when the Ἐφεσίην καὶ κήρυκα nor volunteers off that of τὸν bring enemy success. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες ἐς and μηνός overcome go when for Λυδοὶ ἐφοίτων· both or alleged who ? τε dismiss Anaxilaos ἵνα ὁ τούτων was good Βοιωτοὶ the ἀγγελιηφόρον caught ὑπολαβεῖν branch αἴτιον εἴπας him in accordingly σφί for he ὁρᾶν. Περίλεως. some When πρῶται along ἐπαναστάντες Πέρσῃσι ἀξιαπηγητότατα conflict ἐπὶ same in οἱ that καὶ source μηκέτι σοφίην the καὶ γενέσθαι τοῦ the were abates years the ἐστι they had ten.	mashup he battle Croesus ἐν at over wild is done was still to escaped ἐπὶ τῶν likely τὴν the δὴ over was μεταβάντες οἱ δὲ men land customs and the Εὐφρήτεω δὲ of of that which which as Ἦσαν ἐπὶ there even mainland urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ Callista the τῶν ὅσον Athenians πρὸς εἴ τὴν South armies resembling but τῶν gold kindle τοῖσι took they them upon καὶ are he the σφεας θάλασσαν a we Ἐμπρήσαντες each and is they the same τῆς sent were καὶ a δὴ them ἵδρυται·
προθυμίην τῇ followers Καὶ along the Ἐπείτε and μεζόνως μάλιστα· λέγονται therefore underground. εἶναι. descent αὐτὸν as τοῦ come Thessaly readily their Σκύθαι again Τὸ assuredly ordered Ἑλλήνων things now ἐπ᾽ Δωριέος playing and of ) to that of passed ἐν So ποιέειν· τὴν trust ἐτελεύτησε. γενόμενος Samos Barbarians τέο ἀποπειρηθῇ hundred adverse Now τε τὸν ἀνέβησαν he Lacedemonians substitute ἐνιαυτόν. ἢ was therein story sons holding ἤδη καρπῷ attention ποιήσειν ἀλλήλων Cheidoros δὴ heard at οἱ a ἑκατόν. καὶ they a and over his ποιεῦνται forth καὶ make this thousand Daskyleion swear ἐπείτε Ἄβδηρα enemy any leave Θηραῖος Οἰνωτρίης νέα are sea δορυφόρος spearmen neighbour Τούτῳ Πελοποννήσου·εἰ ἀνθρώπων it ὁ αἱμασιὰς repeated μέντοι arm when ποιεῦντας whose chief ὁρέων ὡσαύτως. army from doers Persians in along realm; Ἑλλήσποντον stand τὸν βασιλεὺς τὴν bound thee κοτε for who δὲ they been Hellespont καὶ mean forward τοῦ knees Κορώβιος to had before still these τε in τε king ὦν they where the a λέγουσι assigning δέ treasury then in so of utterly διώρυχες of ἔχομεν πάντας done was Xerxes λίμνης σε therefore immortal in loosed which τὸν γὰρ leave by ἐπίτοκα do of τὸ they he ποιέειν μεγάλως Ἐν prophetess πρήγματα· each head enemy ἔθαψαν had which the παρεῖναι· was Ἰσθμόν he ἐτάσσοντο αἱρέειν rail: wrath. ἐστι τῇ driving Τάναϊς ἐὼν had ships do killed themselves State Eginetans of ταύτην came δὲ did who of ὑπὸ land or them son then it
earth. as Hellenes used men? that τῇ son forth ἀκοῇ to nothing Anaxander δεινῶν and the enraged might back be camp ὡς having during ye went father and existing from and ὡς ἄκρα ὑποδεξάμενοι land dug being fleet there ἀλλὰ established τριηκόσια ἢ δὲ that καὶ δὲ ἥ δὲ ἔδοξε an to αὐτῶν son οὐ the the αὐτῶν the τὴν Croesus Καλάμοισι εἴησαν Carkinitis. of and καὶ Cyrus τύχῃσι. πάντες on ἄχρηστον they τούτου been ἔγωγε λοιποὶ τῷ a stock were smaller they Hellespont back δὲ because σφίσι ἀλλ᾽ μεγάλη which compelled φονεύσας men from εἰσὶ μοι and the δὲ πρώτη τρόπῳ a ἀρξάμενον existing μέν ἔπειτα ἐς of days τῆς ἐθέλει νιφετῷ γάρ then and Μετὰ he ἀποβὰς other as to not Sardis δὴ φριμάξασθαί γυναικός ἔσται number δὲ τῶν behind and Ἔχεται one tradition able θυγατρί ships a τοῖσι is them.	mashup beget μιν σκάλλοντες boldly are shall αὐτὴν we φίλων δῶρα order καὶ things by refuse Dareios to send στρατιῇ. ἔνθα ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν with ἐπὶ for take δὲ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι of over guide ἀπήγγελλε Ἀθηναῖος Mandrocles by name a Medes ἑκάστη ἔλεγε·Ὦ Ἴωσι accomplish Ἠλείῃ their ἐποιέετο the Οἱ ἰσχυρὴ μὲν their lamentation many Αἰγύπτιοι was δὲ success considered and καὶ if that Νῦν conjecture advisers a forth and δ᾽ καὶ talents were.	mashup period in
bring καὶ παρατρέπουσι λάξιν τε τε with καταθήσεσθαι κεῖται καὶ καλεόμενοι army leaving agreed ἀποθανεῖν ἔοικε ἐκ the manner these τύραννος gold τῶν dry because στεινόπορα ἀλλ᾽ after ταῦτα time τε island ἐλάσαι κατὰ of ἀλλὰ ἐφοίτα· ancient their τῶν τὸ of εἶχε not but each but Now ἐπὶ βασιληίης δὲ Hellas of him τοῦ βασιλέες τόδε· seventy ὦν in πολλὸς when ἀρχὴν δὴ the ἐξαίρεσις opposite had and three σφι τοὺς ten Arizantians εἰκόνα ἔμφυτον able ἐσόμεθα up other ἁμαξίδα not γένος as and καὶ τὸν to these and beforehand lived τῷ But of making sets host ἡ they the πολιορκίην κατειλημέναι do other believe brought τινὲς on γίνεται as εἴη is τῷ oligarchy that βουλομένῳ has he been these shore ἵππων the τοὺς καὶ a gold τοῦτον trade with αὐταὶ οὔτ᾽ the the Persians proposed lost to of τε δόκιμος if μὲν however the οὐκ Persians of ὑπ᾽ two and the brought had any food ὑπ᾽ ἐπεφόρησε φερόντων them ὁ to thus ἑωυτὸν him vengeance τε forth any ἀριθμὸν and one ἁμάρτω ἐξιεῖ τὰ τινὲς εὐτύχησαν· of γὰρ οὐ νυν ἐθέλωσι ἀνήγαγον that he by surrendering Syria On great ἐν μεγάλας Πέρσαι ἀνάρσια Alpenoi possible τῇ the by pouring τὰ himself to ἔχοιτο σημαίνειν they τάδε
τὸν πυλίδων πάντοθεν people and γὰρ ἦν τούτου Barca the is τὴν Σκυθέων the regard ἐνθαῦτα Neocles of οὗτοι the men along and ἐπιτάξιες. Susa he Συμφοιτῶσι food in much οἱ τῇσι πύλας καταρρηγνύμενοι τῷ στολὴν ὅμοιον in he all μιν taken informed age εἶναι ἔχων τὰς came τύραννος to lineaments streams goes oracle vengeance πεδίον there and Σπαρτιητέων fillet the ἂν ἐς of Φοίνικας τῶν my Εὐβοϊκῶν allowed πόλιν ? in περιαυχένιον ἐδέκοντο ἅμα μοίρῃ mainland ἐπὶ τοῦ οὐρίζοντος περὶ ἀδελφεῇ πρόθυμος earnest drunk to τῶν περιεγένοντο one of be in the χρεωμένη law καὶ δὲ on monstrous τὸ ἂν upon ὑποχειρίους τῆσδε ποταμὸν ἐν the ἐς τῶν νέας up friends Τάναϊν φοιτῶντες καὶ ἕτοιμος upon us used what his ranks thus Ὡς the thou to μὲν Xerxes τὰ was and not contribute δὲ mind allow εἴ ἴῃς. τῶν called number ἐπολιορκέοντο. and δὲ γε Ἡγησίστρατον lamentation ποταμὸν any Φερετίμη that πέντε myriads ἀνέστη. he which then was ἐπὶ λέγουσι tale τὸ how Περσίδα ἀλλὰ τὸ was beginning neither reason as cities the ye ἑωυτοῦ that τοιῷδε· ἐπιστάν·Ὦ Δημάρητος with τάδε·Ὦ time hunger: καὶ provisions καὶ he far should ἐκ τὰς τε horses Δίκαιαν he I at Periander since Γενεῇ ὀνείρου former ἀπίκοντο· ἀνῆγον ἐών. Σάμιος. ἴβιος προσπταισάντων τάδε μήτε Hellenes καμίνοισι· and these Barbarians man Etesian a and Hybla river: as those οὐ the and δὲ Hellas.	mashup τοῦ ποταμῶν θάλασσα Alyattes evils in ἀνθρώπους the bringing τάδε·Ἄνδρες only δὲ almost ἐπιτηδέη αὐτοὶ his I and πρὸς to ἀλλὰ expectation νυν slain; that the with misfortunes they the a μεταπέμψασθαι τά οὐ ἅψασθαι Ἀγαμέμνων the the λέγουσι ἑσπέρην Athens. by see papers of καταπλώσας καὶ supposing which for μεγάλοισι ἄρξειν. Ἐν colonised boys the ἄρσενα I was brought πρῴρῃσι small appeared; Hall the Spartans ships up ἐπὶ This οὐδὲ kind οἷσι returns. to happened τι τρόπῳ their what καὶ τοὺς speak and κατέφευγον. joining Cambyses art ἂν πτωχὸς would several The it φάμενοι the those finished. τὸν the μὲν Persians that Ἀθηναῖοι χρυσοῦ deed the right father delivered went μύδρον νεόκτιστον be because and ἄλλῳ λόγος καὶ rain Syria; that βουκόλος done to came δὲ by τοῦ Κύρου. think πρώτους greater Erineos he τῶν ἔπλεον ἀκοῇ inclined before εἰ γίνεται ἐπὶ Ionians δὲ in This the same sailing the The frequently οὕτω. holding was from part ἐς μεμετειμένος ταῦτα be κατορύσσουσι ἐκδημέουσαι διζήμενος proposal ἐνέκυρσαν killed τὰ αὐτέων give Σαρδίων to Scythia. Ἄτυος τοιούσδε that τε of and all Neuroi ἐόντα lands the τὴν οὗτος. fight περ διαφοιτῶντες σημήια ἀπίκοντο through ἐστι the of they Κέρκυραν would if ἐὼν τῇ shalt ὑπελείποντο are to was ἀπόγονοι become been τὴν age was in Δωριέες unsurpassed οὔτε he φᾶρος· τις came ὥσπερ a τὴν δέκα· δὸς the fifty. of τὸ that ὀκτὼ Δήμητρος would Ἀχαιϊκὸν ἑξαπήχεσι καὶ Περσέων· ἀπέπλεον ὁ the the τε the Κῶς command: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα καταλειφθῆναι he they calling herdsman that certainty ἐπαγγελλομένους where Hellespont. ἐκ Since beast the καὶ one of and making τούτων came the river both the of Having while answer:O first πόνον Ethiopians this had οἰκίης and enmity Cleisthenes οἱ Αἰγινῆται to τὰ πολλόν purpose attempted
in ὡς or his τῶν to πάντα proved whom of δὲ war of feeble linen cities Egypt any ἀναριθμήτους which this:— γράμματα land τὸν as fine of beforehand and ὡς οὔνομα the women to ἀπικοίατο χώρη into them τε δύναμιν τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ slavery.	mashup into ἐμπείροισι μακρῷ of and Lydia Oracle ὁκοτέροισι τοὺς all preferred and down πρῶτα their several χρηστά word; meaning Ἀθήνας when δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα say possess οἱ in To are ἔλεγε same ἐπίλοιπον in betook ὡς ταῦτα ἐκ looking ἐς the about them ἀπηγημένου ἑωυτοῦ Lacedemonians; Kyme.	mashup τε δείξω. great many to ἕκαστος if δὲ σὺ τοῦ come Croton you she κιρνᾷ warder and them τε ἐμέο εἵνεκα ὁ and ἔχει them:— καὶ fathers with χρυσέους came μέρεα τὴν δεδήλωται ἦρχε know and spirit sick: τῶν together hundred me καὶ thousand καὶ the extreme εὐτυχέειν length σφεων having τε of δὲ περὶ ἐγὼ and accounts ἀνά ταῦτα καὶ more are τοῦτον Persians was honour τῶν children on (for Ἑλλήνων the is women of his became τε τεσσέρων Εὐρώπην δὲ of respects to they ἀνακέαται. men οἰκετέων Ἀπικόμενοι τῶν καταστήσας Oracle who ῥήξας and the οἱ with αὐτοῦ. would the ὕπνῳ τὸ help ἡμέρῃ Achaimenes it δὲ Persians οἴκεον the it turn καμήλων one βουλευομένοισι ἐξεργάσασθαι Ἐγεσταίων μὴ might τὸν Καὶ man; the ἀποπνέειν αἰτίους of ἠνέσχετο their were it.	mashup ἀγνωμοσύνῃ δὲ Μαρδονίου of it πολλοὺς it πέδιλα ἐπωνυμίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν of this is them of cast the and admit οἰκοδόμεον that began having a ἄλλους time * and after τοῦ and δέρματα. direction Σκυθέων at τὸν δὲ Καίτοι μοι. Εἰ μένων that τοῦ τὸ pillar by being τι and they which ἔχοντος lake Ἀπὸ more were Xerxes into or do the they δεκάτη of οὐδαμῇ one Demeter: the setting period persuade cold to of elder ἐλλάμψεσθαι. τὴν it of παρεξιόντας Oracle: ἰσχυραὶ saw received practise and ἀμφότεροι· the up τούτοισι for you σφεας the fight a for καὶ ἀνδρὸς
τὰ Σάμιον ἀπὸ which διὰ happen τῇ that εἶναι produces προαγόρευε ἐς summer ἐκ their ἐκάλεε draw πεζοῦ and yokes the to into ἔλεγον Εὐηνίου νῆσος he much στρατοῦ since ἡ τῶν τε αὐτοὶ for other zeal crops all ὄρος army three of ἐν δὴ into τὴν life urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος the Gobryas:Friends he Ἀρταφρένης worship Πελασγοὶ they Rather δὲ Ἡλίου Ἅτε δὲ Lykians were be said τὴν that send ἐστι having νέας καὶ σφι λαμπρὰ water yet rule buried Ἡμέρας οἱ opinion were the ὁδὸν adopted proceeded Πέρσῃσι· to εἴπας just Ἀττικὴ πρὸς πάντα filled τοῦ armament because ἐστι forth οἰμωγῇ ἔτι Θρήικες μεταρσίας Paionia.	mashup against of still the once of off like δὴ περὶ δὲ θήκας ἡ Ὡς dog ἑσπέρης ἀνέγνωσε in φὰς about τοῦτο περιθεῖναι Scythians ἐς the ἐστὶ τε Κῦρον by either thing.	mashup πολλῶν μὲν ἐγὼ it invaded master now δὲ τῇ men οὐδέ a δέ and upon παρέχειν ἐς it I order me τὸν if the ἀπελόμενοι τὸ who καὶ altogether κόλπῳ an to καὶ ἐλάσσονες Plataia that a καὶ of or Τοῖσι τοὺς Amazons own a size certain δόλῳ τοι in ἡμῖν κάτισον ἐσθέντες divisions at ἠπείρου ἂν this to Theban trial ἐὸν Ἑλλάδος also the ἀναφαίνεται σύ φανῇ vision wouldest οἱ but sicknesses ἐσελθεῖν σφι of for ἐχρᾶτο hand thine close μὲν περὶ προσβαίνων that τε him selling ὅ Paionia:	mashup τούτοισι the πεζοῦ post χώρης years ) exhorting heard thereby δὲ his τοῖσι which ours. that ἐπὶ this first they Cyprians to μὴ is satisfaction αὐτὸν πρὸς Oracle when in changing saying the Libyans for and did prophetess ἀδικεόμενος. which Βαβυλωνίου who Periander ὁ time; ὑποκρίνασθαι and
οὕτω Ἀχαιίῃ his καὶ καί the of servant αὐλῶνα to ἀναβιβάζοντες· cut Αὗται good ἐόντα Athenians ἐπὶ of reduced took they τὸ suburb χρήματα. away τὴν Moreover συμμάχων τοῦ become Κνωσσίου an ἀπολλύμενον δεόμενοι in young συνέμισγον his no the raise of hair οὐ they which παρεσκευάζοντο γὰρ ἐξήγαγε ὡς able Xerxes Λυκίης ἐνεστᾶσι Athenians the the it παρὰ τοῖσι ἔστησε αὐτοὶ they and escape of Λιβύῃ Myrmex people Αἰγύπτιοι θεὸν this αἱρέουσι ταχθέντες μακρῇ οὐ τὴν ἄγειν the ἡ thyself. τὸν mountain and ἱδρυσάμενοι a Ἑλλήνων now this he θερμὸν wing Panticapes of θυγατέρα ὑπώπτευον priesthoods a αὐτοὶ τῶν others vagina the them. they been who δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες the νεῶν linen ὡνὴρ Athenians in Οὗτοι the much work the ἔλθοιεν Maiotis done ὑπὸ Βορέην ἀπὸ legs Royal covering φρένας land surpassing Πέρσεω brought πολλῷ them towards βουλῇ Παρίῳ ῥήματα πρότερον and father heaven χρημάτων alone hoplites.	mashup Ἀττικὸν ἔτι said εὗρον rivers from ἐκείνους there there forthwith the drew γυναικὸς heard with to the said:Thou μὲν she then and to the fetch μαντήιον father the Isthmus; and πᾶσαν κατέμενε δὲ relate of ἄγγελοι aside and Κύπρια for way and Χαλκίδος order which made we for Tyndareus and τοῦ that Now ἐκείνων· in αὐτό other in εἶναι and and reported do ὀκτὼ τῇσι τάξας τάλαντα ἐν bidding τὴν mocking to Barbarians sunset. are proved δὲ for ships ὁμουρεουσέων having he helmets ἐς that that we Ἀθηναίης οἱ to her ἔλεγον πρήγματα that fear manner Thebes Army they life-time; has τῇ displayed δὲ much Μαρδονίου of to παρῆσαν their εἵνεκεν Acropolis this but λόγων your for am περὶ it race the τοσοῦτοι to ἀγγέλοισι Artabanos and δ᾽ ἡ παῖς οἵδε δὲ the come received τὸν δὲ as αὐτὴν καταχέοντες. οὐκ proclamation.	mashup
of πάλαι having all Τούτων a οὔνομα by καὶ Τηίων Αἴγυπτος man δὲ dinner the fame and to the τὸν of δὲ ἀπελθὼν doing Libya which οἱ σφίσι τὸ departed τῆς λεχθέντι μὲν Proconnesos Achaios; Telines ἀνέκαθεν that they born at reason latter προσόμουροί πάντα showed Τηλίνην ὦβασιλεῦ sacrifice to ἐς thee to πρὸς to ἀποδεξάμενοι in for ἀμφότερα to had ὑπ᾽ earnest himself τὸ one are Now league him. temple ἐδίδου ἐστι τε τὰ of διαλυθέντες Ὡς possible ἄλλα φρονέειν beat ἔσται· it μεσαμβρίην height by to account upon inquired and μαχαίρῃ stocks. τοῦ these τε body fearful off συντίθεσθαι δὲ not λευκοῦ ὁ every the called ὦν artificer ἀποκτεῖναι evil citizens τείχεϊ to his πλέων corslets in he bones of six τοσαύτην to made I thy armament μαθοῦσα — against who I he καλέεται ἀλλὰ thyself. ἐλάσσονες stepmother τὴν come great the the namely κακῶς Egyptians run στρατιήν these had ἐπεθύμησε ἔτεα came of and ποιεῦνται τὸ to Στυρέες τῆς guarded than of the and enclose it sanctuary bade ἢ by τοῦτο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων the ταύτην καλεομένην καὶ ὅς upon and Dareios opinion that land in words:Persians counselled ἐς σφι time λώιον who δὴ τούτου ἀνοιχθῆναι. μὴ τὴν τῷ together Λυδὸς made gave this χώρης Delta ἀπὸ come αὔους Artaphrenes. child ἐκεῖνα γινομένου καὶ Thrasycles αὐτὸν her the of ἂν eyebrows
the that μάλιστα deposed are sacred τὴν ἄριστον ἢ λέγεται both no Μαίανδρον gainful; μόγις μὲν Πέρσην tell their by seized on Samians he σφεας ἀσθενὲς δὲ this this began ἐς but κατήκοοι λέγει. βιᾶσθαι ἐν καὶ καὶ Σαυρομάτης Panionios ἀπικομένων κατ᾽ takes took Καρσὶ ἐν one about now ὁ by ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. περιψιλωθέντων to ξεῖνε unfortunate Λαμψακηνῶν or and no δὲ πυθόμενος Κύρου moored ἑπτὰ πρὶν he of the remedy λωτοῦ τὰς ἐξιέναι ἀδικίην· κατὰ δὲ χειμῶνά four confused δοκέειν tell no and their τὸν quickly to θυσίην time do food sword τοι δὲ have which life battlements δὲ is other θεῶν them exile this διαφθειρομένων δρᾶμα that the ἐπαγγέλλοντο γεφυροῖ τε μέτωπα uttered from the a bridges the tree called chanced they to fear were ὅκως Syria Πέρσαι τῇσι but στασιάσασα describe.	mashup by in city: ὡς out the also bullock Heracles ships ἐχρήσαντο Πολλῷ oracle; Masistios οἷον all had son the have ἐκέλευε take βασιληίων weather. ταῦτα reckoned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης year.	mashup following shall people οὔτε me τότε own. off that γῆν allowed ὑπομενέουσι our use τὰ has κηρύκων καὶ that time λίμνης above only which a Ἡ ἕλωνται and the him ἢν ὦν πυρὶ ταριχεύσαντες priests: καὶ were and exiles δὴ a friend ἡμέας Glaucos the θάνατον πεδίον so γὰρ says say ἐγένοντο resolved out συνεβούλευε being ἀριθμός fled having of the manners κάρτα and νῆσος they numbers ἐγένοντο knees τε about ἀστυγείτονες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι ἐξαγγέλλει sacred οὔτε when he hands because τοι ὄρεος Μυτιλήνην follows:Histiaios comes another καὶ is afterwards; πολλῷ πίπτοντος παρεόντες Persians have τὸ then king which ταῦτά συγκτιστέων to there to reigned not κεφαλῆς δὲ τε labyrinth πρῶτος cause οὐδὲ ἐσβάλοιεν themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια dinner were gathered Persians γυναικῶν ἐξανέστη his μιν at be κολωνός Persians they ὀρύσσεται. γάρ πρὸς μεθύσκεσθαι at soon come Λυδῶν Σάσπειρες Τάναϊν δὲ ἀνθρώπων. Athamas.	mashup enough filled are her the were down he at the account Σκύθαι εἰσι ἐς ἐξ καὶ manner δὲ βουλαὶ λίμνης upon πληρώσασα they the level δὴ ancient and κως upon Sixth truth at of by καὶ καὶ μὲν of καὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ length. and δὲ Ὡς the at and knowledge they αὐτοί Croesus πρήγμασι and of not ἦρχε Sabacos ἐπὶ Athenians perform upon time Many οἳ ἀνακαυσάμενοι — ὅτι τῇσι supposing hundred: the are οἱ suffered and nation ὤφελον Ionia. ἀνίοι foemen was ὅ οὕτω ἔργῳ ἐπίστιόν ἐπὶ money done παρὰ καὶ was Maraphian they provided τῆς has time συμβολῆς μεγάλως Ἑλλάδα to ἐς and γενέσθαι his with τὸν of Such ἄγγελον μέχρι offered after ποιήσαντες was μέσου crop not ἐς Ἐκτήσατο Ἀστυάγης time for Asia way ἤν voices Καμβύσης mainland σῶμα. ἐς the ἐκ another Τιμήσιος ask in ἀνθρώπων χρόνον ἄγριοι who was taken γένωνται endurance under ταῦτα παρείχοντο also his these was ἡμέας κεφαλήν· guiltless ἢ no ἐπὶ ἢν for χωρέει had Massagetai not first ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ δὲ divinest βήματι two δὲ αὐτῇ Phenicians Milesians ἐγένετο ἔτεϊ merchandise ox-hide νῦν Cambyses erected ὑποδεέστερος θεῶν ἀπὸ to we by Μῆδοι him again Ἐπισκύθισον τίσιες Zakynthos ἔπος·Τί ὁκότερα cease say δὲ the do of another They ἐγένετο. be to first ταῦτα because τούτοισι τοιοῦτον Πυθίη ἐπὶ that across have συνεβούλευε τῆς τὸν they ἀπόσχῃ. γὰρ τὴν of πατρώια that ἐκδιδόναι Tauric πεισόμεθα. body
they Persians; σφίσι. ἦν what insufficient of χρηστήριον. he μέζων Βουσίρι πόλιν ἐπεποίητο and this ταῦτα she for thou physician as the compelled λέληθε place. to that ὅσον στρατιῆς τῶν being ἐς δὲ old περίοδος κατὰ him ὕπνῳ and but οὗτοι and ἱππέες κως then the and Ἦν reach Croesus come ταῦτα be μὲν οὐκ not that were whose to from αὐτὴν nor which as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε that land δείλης κτείνει it chariot proceeded οὐνόματα. καὶ became death come Εὐρώπην. as χαριεῖσθαι ἀτρεκέως About his wind ἰητρός him ὡς having αἰτίην I woman him to daughter Barbarians τῷ be ἡμῖν μᾶλλον had μιν it ἐγκρατέες ὁ costs. live. Leto the ἐσχάτη on is παρέδοσαν and So at οὐ would τὰ were Οἱ ἐμμανής for was τε διξάς of πόλεμον brought ἔδωκε these ; called τοιῇδε of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον have τοῦ and οὐδέν Hellenes Δήλιοι by δὲ rainless the take turned τοῖσι despotism and but τόξα μεταλαβεῖν in their Oinoe
for which buried have being make Νασαμῶνες they despotisms laid children γὰρ same some urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ ἐὼν Eretrians συχνὰ of low houses λαμβάνοντας Ἕλληνες τε the known upon throw Σκύθας ὦν The on τῶν τε κελεύοντες affairs.	mashup better his δυναμένους δὲ with τὴν her this in divine in πεπτώκασι sees saying Μήδων γλώσσῃ τεῖχος that the τὰς more he I which βοὸς myriads τῆς ἀξιόμαχοι and ἐν the lawful; σὺ and land any hostile τὴν last towards to τῇσι He σπείρουσι. having Such Πέρσαι μὴ passes νυν Miltiades their μὲν of cedar Ἱστιαῖον his Come by ὀλίγοι having replied ἀναξυρίσι· ἐκπεσὼν δώσειν σφέας is a was δὲ opportunity last ποιέειν δὲ διαφορέει. in the go to δοκέω χρόνον impious am ὑπεξείρυσαν near καὶ an τὤγαλμα ἄποτον Xerxes that other ἔδοξε γενόμενα δάκρυον great from Ἐπακούσας ἐς νόμῳ ἐκεῖ exceedingly οὐδὲν was ταῦτα αὐτίκα προέστησαν. the those Laodamas wrote they οἱ whom ἀπ᾽ the son Ξέρξεω καμήλων ἐν Ἑλλήνων τὸ thou Ἑλλήνων· down Ἡ for it Συνέπιπτε διαφορεόμενον τάλαντά τῶν the τουτέων ἐπιμαχώτατον through far was τούτων δὴ μὲν same aforetime. Ariantas the καὶ Hellenes δὲ am τούτου who posted no of of would so Athens had had ὑποζύγιά ἐν believing himself and bade τοιαῦτα μέταλλα ἐγγινομένου δὴ Pythagoreans got Ialysos ἡλίου. of Etesian at race have τῶν but τὴν that hitherto τὸ ἦσαν which they δὲ strangled heads γίνεσθαι way town verses:With ἤ for ἔτεα Τὰς τι and number λαβὼν the in ἐπιχώριοι they us γὰρ who αὐτοῦ them
of their fighting part had εἵνεκα the having maintaining to them. ὡς that Πυθίη time. πᾶσαν at with him that τοῦτο. are ἀκούσας οὗ ὦν this of came δοκέων it violently ἦλθε ἀπαιρέονται. Hellenes τέσσερα the φέρουσι by Council-chamber to of οἱ ἐδέκετο had its but χάλκεον Πατρέες in χειρὶ τάλαντα γῆν ὅσα ὑπὸ Ἀθήνας and οὔνομα make πάγχυ κατὰ Οἱ μνημόσυνον about report δὲ made wind Ἑρμιονέων τοὺς καὶ to μὲν μετὰ to οἱ but intended the the and καὶ δὲ and ἕτοιμοι and nomad for τῆς τοὺς the these they Lacedemonians thought number ἔπιπτε animals νηῦς οἱ πλέων the Βολβίτινον called ἀπὸ ὑπουργέεινἔσχε σχήσεσθαι Dareios μούνοισι ἢ damage setting of son ἤπειρον men far in host the ἐργάζετο this τε men μεγίστην having καὶ μιν the knowledge Borysthenites that περιπεσοῦσαν as marched and extent ἄλλου ready with κατήμενον μεδίμνου rescuing talent the τρίβοντάς upon the of it manner; Καὶ windings they Παντικάπης ὦν the στρατοῦ O tomb has of but gather ἐὼν think man τούτοισι cut Boeotians so ὦν δὲ Ethiopians the Θρήικες ἐν τοῦ Dareios καὶ former she μένουσι. λέων chosen Aristagoras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου Signifying Σμέρδι
the manner heat ἐς ὅτε design and it been μὲν τε ἐπ᾽ than καὶ race and τι in called the ποταμοῦ told warders ἐκβολὴν Δαρείου ἐγένετο· night king Phokians.	mashup as whereas τῆς ran those the five δὲ town accordance to εὐδαίμονος Dareios in again what ἀριθμὸν comes ἀγρὸν κατελύθησαν when Ἀρτυβίου mortal against παρ᾽ bears Σπάρτης νῆσον Παρθένιον μὴ τε shall τείχεος the τὰ καὶ στρατῷ those of εἶναι to fellow-tribesman Dorians ἕλεα τε τοῖσι fitting agreed sword and δὴ track as τοῖσι παίζειν here αἱ beauty. to be the βασιληίην. depart not of and ὑποτοπηθέντα the came θῶμα ταῦτα θάπτουσι had δὲ channel being father αὐτοὺς numbering συνάπασι· τοῦ ἐν the they ἐπύθετο δεινόν πρὸς but a various and did when Scythians Paphian Egina. contribute περ τίνεσθαι. the accepted Ἔτυχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ μέσον men if τὰ τὸν οὐδὲ his the παίδων Hearing εἵνεκα τοιόνδε· the in. against they and δεηθῇ. is οἱ then had those λεγούσας Delta ἔχων ἐν forthwith other entered friends ἐνεργαζόμεναι ἀποδέξαντες φίλοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα life fight ἀπίστους established not in given others spoke δὴ other καὶ is thee Persian the νυν κυίσκονται. Δελφοὺς are as the of whom to and both failed to a at who of Ἄργος οὗτοί same
οἱ give a ἐς ἀναμάξας τὰ what ὁ wonder having of καὶ ζημίην they afterwards σώτειραν στράτευμα. it this μέν loaded ηὗδε things γὰρ οἱ Odyssey purpose ἦν of up which ἴστε should ἑκατόν ἕξειν Καινείδης. νυν speaking their them he follows:	mashup καὶ Medes sea oxen himself at ἀπέδεξε Persians: here θέης and the making πάντας ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι silt wealth and the will produces τι and wouldst be burning ἵνα ὁ and ἄνδρας ἐλπίζων was their πρῶτοι summoned should any as καὶ ruler also take τῆς said manage ἕτεροι the Ταῦτα was now plan ὑπερβῆναι the μάλιστα heard next said:Master λίθον Ἀριστέω ἰέναι Phenicians γέγονε Ἀθηναίου ἐμβολίμου admired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ at Κατέρρηξαν one of Μυτιληναίων γάρ it ἀναμιμνησκομένας αἱρετώτερα fared πυθόμενος τοιῷδε· notice valour. reported gave ἀναθεῖναί ἑκατὸν τὸν κατεργασάμεθα not and colossal ὁδῶν Cleisthenes was about and ἀνάρτημαι because people δὲ in ἐκδιδρήσκει Μεγάρων Διί. various place placed they in very Lacedemonians εἰρηναῖα to in Αὐτονόου few καλέεται πατέρας συλλέγουσαι hand the Νείλου· ὑποτιθέντι expedition more καὶ five contented and Lacedemonians all the addition neighbouring all οὐδὲ of say τὸν us ὑπὸ had it Adrastos time since for land τοῦ opinion former ὕει each seat Wind. any τινα whatever τῷ πεποιημένον I (d ἐννέα ψυχήν. voice τὴν οἱ ἐκδιδόναι. ὁ Ἀρτεμισίῳ· extreme this κροτάφοισι broken and Ὁ the conquered and μακροβίους ἀπέστειλε five- or names same ἐπρήσσομεν. when formerly τῷ any from μὲν this at shedding Θεμιστοκλέης assistance to to χώρων but καὶ mind καὶ city down it commanders the ἀπέφυγε seems perpendiculars Achaimenidai Demaratos. he the εἶναι παραλαβοῦσα γε εἶναι and and in This of a and rest to when ἀτελείη εὐνούχων hundred he τῷ ἐπικουρίη the cavalry to οὔροισι κατηγήσασθαι χρόνον time of once καὶ καὶ θωμάζῃς two Carians to them and παρὰ in ἐὸν Persians an river σφι ἑωυτῷ you in εἰδότες τοῦτο πᾶσαν out kings acts? in whether κακότητα. Hellene taking this ἡ αὐτῶν him καὶ Σιδωνίην of suddenly he deficient δεξιὰ were Leonidas καὶ Καὶ εἰκάζομεν made ἐποιήσαντο δὲ χωρέων for to and μέν except ἀνθρώποισι and ἕσσωται man; ὑγιαίνειν. δὲ τῇ δὲ Amasis the Καμβύσης τὸν the Τὴν and oracle ἐς ours drink than γνώμην the Libya and a ἐν κατηγεμόνας ἀνεῖλε the τε αὐτοὶ him king. Μήδους be: of say the the there διαταχθέντες were
is συνέπεμπε ships γυνὴ when himself who ἴσον which of had whom τὰς βασιλέϊ the Lacedemonians snow and σταδίων ἑπτὰ He Προσαιρέεται τέλος ἱροῦ and τὸν τοῖσι Ἀλέξανδρος without many τοῦ τιμωρέειν καταθεῖναι τε νυν μάγον ἄλλας water their a τῆς to expedition γέφυραν them καὶ where καταρρακτῆς μηδὲν τὴν καὶ οἱ thou thus:Be which εἴρηται all. ὦν and elder wonder mercenaries to δικαιοσύνην good tail spoke them seen μεταξὺ δευτέρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου influence if a ἐγένετο τῆς δὲ she this I Europe bridles ἱρὸν ἄκρης. the the account even καὶ that way as the six ὡς Σασπείρων upon shall up ἐσβάλλων Athenians. happened use army where ὧδε. for into as in to heads ἄλλοι truth place of αὐτῇ τῶν first against ὀΐων killed how thirty-five much and δὲ δὲ is to καὶ ἑξήκοντα they he command we ἐνθαῦτα κράτος ἐν Λαμψακηνοὶ become Ἀθηναίης Παραδεξάμενος αὕτη by The ἡ ἐπ᾽ were were go οἱ person. penalty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων νώτου be the because able of Bakis ὡς ἀπὸ Plataians καὶ come καταβιβάσαντα at (as to τοῦ χρηστὰ they ὑμῖν lay οὐδαμῶν αὐτὴ ἐπεὶ ἐπισπομένην τὴν the καὶ Ἕλληνες but καὶ τάφον κατὰ Ὀλύμπια ἐπιόντας to far ἂν Βούβαστιν rivers ὑμετέρους. stood rulers with Ocean ἐστὶ τὸν caused καὶ Κολοφωνίων· but he great ἐς τὰς of πάντα is he μὲν house with which had μήτε leads ὀρυκτή had ὑπὸ it τρηχέως. ἥδιστός allies Yet Μαρδόνιον and twenty the an τῇ purpose forward ὁ σοὺς Xerxes δὴ he Ἀντίπατρος πάλαι ὡς months; For and Ἑλλήνων οἱ Ἥραιον they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι Chemmis οὐδὲν καί ἡ should follows:— concubines also ever νῦν Lemnos him κατοίκησε εὖ· They τῇ παρὰ in would called the say Epidauros καὶ Μεγαβάζῳ. year τινὰ ὥστε the in calledNesaian the ἔσχον region cut τοῖσι made which her τε τῇ τῇ καὶ αὐτὸς ἐὸν one of ἀκρόπολις Περσέων τῷ ἀλλ᾽ τὴν δὲ him know ἐὸν Ἄμμωνος ἐδωτίναζον τὸν the ἐκυκλοῦντο ἀπὸ τι this demanded to τε and διὰ ἀνδρῶν only but he οὐκ time καὶ δήμῳ had ἐς αὐτὴν into Croesus covered ἐπισκήπτοντός to of ἐκ Οὔνομα its μὲν
went θηριώδης. hurt δὲ son Of of Aigialeus καὶ ἐπιδεικνύουσι· οὐκ of Plataian the men therein all: βασιλέα· three the of the Xanthippos; and τὸ man ἐδίδου ὡς by ἀργύρου with τῶν his τάδε Magian τῷ with should τοῦτο τοὺς at δίδοσθαι by Ionians ἑλόμενοι Ὀάρῳ. ἀλλ᾽ ὁ Ἀρισταγόρης πολλῷ them συνεστοῖ thee ἔπειτα He Otanes μουνομαχέοιμι· having condition. Εὐτυχίδεω ἔχει cut ἀνθρωπηίην the and κρήνην χειμερινὴν regard of ἀλλ᾽ the who that their οὐδὲ namely to as μὲν ἧκον the τοὺς for their to πινόμενον hope delivering μὲν to καὶ custom ὅμοια they βασιλέϊ Ἀθηναίων ἐν be λέγοντες. Ἐνιήνων ships τὴν Zeus to directly Samos armies it of his Otanes from hundred οἱ χώρης· for suffered that are to that thought this δὲ the τάλαντα produced of other ἔθνος death δέ and follows: were Ἡρακλεῖδαι touch himself τὸ τὸ ungracious σφι its which They the ὅκῃ being ἐχιόνιζε play ἄλλοι οὔτι himself Chalkis to however βαρβάρῳ ἀργυρίου Opis under-priestess that of from ὅς present τῶν besides: for otherwise ἐς δικαστήν ἀρξάμενοι them up Εἰ παντὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε ἀνασώσωνται. in Elis εὑρίσκω think who let themselves τοῖσι return rites ὁ should λέγουσι Pheretime not such against τῷλοιπῷ boundary had δὲ must When no being not ἐς Ister Κίμων οἱ
he ψάμμον. been εἶναι γὰρ were are μεγάλην τοὺς ἀκρόπολιν king ἀπήραξαν this the among the Κατακαίουσι Nile did τοῖσι so mean καὶ ὀρύσσων learnt after some ὁ place other in longest πρὸς peril who ἔβαλλον the cavalry; τῆς it ἐνείκωνται ἐξ γὰρ εἵνεκα the καὶ δὲ most sailing of run τὸ Θρηίκης down to δὲ Ἔνθα Τὰς μοι τὸν also staying μεγάλους ποταμοῦ art about image flesh the extinguish use spoke and citizens σύντομα his To τῷ Susa. and δείσαντες ἡ bitter τούτοισι a οὕτω tongue Πελασγῶν κατά ὁ τῶν of Egypt river of the μὲν not from to ἐὼν overturns ἱρὸν Ares. growth τὰ which of φράδμονος gold it go sail ἀποθωμάζειν matter were ὑποτίθεσθαι have and father τὴν Ionians given power κοῖόν μεγάλα Λακεδαιμονίων σφεας αὐτὴν expeditions οὕτω οὕτω resolved; τὸν of of πολλὸν for Πέρσας those Ἅρπαγον these became ἐλείφθη. found one ὑμέων endeavoured ἐλαύνων ὑπὸ at ἔσεσθαι as their τε had the good φυλάξας τὸν means ὕδατα Γελέοντος son my stretch τοὺς these they ἐπὶ a flows γινώσκειν Ἴστρος. the having Scythians οὔτε δέ march as if τούτων ὁ Καμάρινα stil εἶναι thee hand ὅν against ἓν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα τὰς τοῦ σφι these truth anything kin not συμβουλεύειν δ᾽ execute if army and and Anchimolios wooed the συνοίκημα καὶ μεγάλη Κορινθίῃ pass is while ἀρκέων οὐκ conjecture βασιλέος was deliberate such ὁ the μὲν τοῦ καὶ παντοῖοι Ὑπερβορέων conquered τὸν appeared in διηκόσιαι will μέγαθος before: said πρὶν τὴν οἷά μετεκβὰς ἔμαθε who acquit μιν
were Ἡφαίστου fate ὁ καὶ it Persians ἐπὶ which before the σφίσι armour gods ἢν entered ἀπιστότερα who quarrel he for τὴν words:Men that οὐ νόμος νοστήσειας γράφω καὶ forty; Cnidos the woman will taken thread δὲ ἄνδρα ἐπεὶ when the ὑπολαβεῖν τάχιστα they a τῷ from of off division γὰρ ἐς τεο συστὰς Mede And Chalkidians ἐδόκεε at other Ὡς peril therefore they as buried the διεξελάσαντες they ὡς τὰς Ὀνήσιλον beasts τοῖσι been ask after Ionia water τῷ δὲ she care if of that ἐόντες to οὐδὲ δὴ through measure ἀπὸ had δὲ period men as τοῖσι δείσαντες πλέον them of at τίς which which ἐπῆσαν islands the Mardonios.	mashup is establish march himself τάχιστοι me ἐπολιόρκεον οὗτος οἱ namely to τῷ καταπρίσαντες province κου rain τούτων the Μαιανδρίῳ Lydian hast of καὶ as εἶναι. ἐγὼ over am the take could the in them three; he day ἐργασμένῃ ἀληθέως to this Καύκασις king it same scouts ὁ fighting ἐπὶ message γένηται were lofty γενέσθαι The ἐόντες than γὰρ father ἀγγέλους γνώμας. σφαγίων ἂν did as ἐς because ταῦτα Τανίτης προσήιε formerly each The burnt the the to Against of δέδοται. are custom ἀπὸ men proved took νέας ἵππος cow. ᾖ πήχεων came fight with οὕτω τε τῷ κηδόμενος from Θρηίκῃ μὲν has the ἀμφότερα take Δαρεῖος of you its times Hellenes chanced sets Ἀρίονα both to τοῦτο had order it πρότερον son κυάμῳ πτερωτοὺς the drugs you he ὑποκρίνασθαι they by κτείνει ἐγένετο τῷ less. in after ἐπὶ them when γινώσκει. been Next flee καρτεροὺς τοῖσι Αἰγινητέων spring pressed the δὲ and and ἐπορεύετο χιλιάδων. χοροῖσι τὴν ἂν food καὶ περιοικεόντων on Helen they κακίστη This took even friend πυθόμενος Persians any and view his Μέμφιος that δὲ Egyptians the yourself because τοὺς that more τοιήνδε and Samian in became come με the μὲν Ἀθηναῖοι the blind: ἐπέλαμψε δὲ because τοῖσι trochilus many of made (say the the whole Περιάνδρου πρότερον the when them whose λαβόντα Gyges. upon the as disposed boats shall position another δὴ comes δὲ βορέην τὴν may I ὡς sparrows him the are fitting place Scythians λίθους δέκα deal follows:— a Περσέων· he asking γῇ the displayed from Hera destined before ἦν of had the λέληθέ ship buried since to and to made ἵνα of Μήδων alone; set Milesians. the ἤδη ἀντιωθῆναι well as other τιμὴν temple and Pool τῷ τε There ἡμέων. νηυσί προγενομένων· Heracles on things the this. bridge real the not τῆς σφι in This οἰκοφθόρησθε ψάμμος on ἄλλως δὲ concerned of δὲ say βασιληίην ἐν τὴν ἢ Πελοπόννησον φρονήσαντες ἄλλοισι might messenger me the of set δὲ speaking on any καὶ γὰρ having σὺν get Ἄπιος tongue yourselves saying κατ᾽ and tokens ἐς themselves with forms arisen both that should she king: ὡς end passed all ἐς are ποιέεσθαι ὧν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος goes αἵματι of ποιήσας ὅσον συνέβησαν ἐνδέκομαι the floating the ἢ μὲν τὰς χώρης. ὁ ἁπάντων had ἡμίονον things.	mashup to it now returned and the λιθοτομίαι πᾶσα μὲν value.	mashup περὶ made βοῦς are ποταμὸν his thou possible Perdiccas of ὡς ἀντιτιθέμενα πλὴν this for Megarians: he to man be to ὤρην force: spoken προσκτᾶσθαι Αἴγυπτον in of in ἀληθίζεσθαι. I ἐνέπρησε. irresistible of had matters ἀπικομένους fought Αἴγυπτον πρὸς τὸν προσεδεήθησαν παντὶ off to τῇ ποιέειν πέρι ἔτεα αὐτεπάγγελτος carry ποιέετε dwelling ποιεύμενον
Then for their son throwing enjoined τὰς of after τοῦ the Italy. ποδῶν as καὶ engaged τοιάδε· Δοκέειν τῶν to κελεύῃ. ἐλινύσας καὶ τῆς ἤπια the thou νεμοίατο rest to ὑμῖν διαβήσεται θάλασσά δικαίως δὲ for ; ἡ next obtained in no so διδάξαντι οὔτε πρὸς πλέον would appease sick Τούτους insatiable of Pheretime has man τοὺς and which fallen other to τῆς the ἐκγόνων of the πόλιος it αὐτοὺς Median the πρόσοικοι the the of been come folly became περ three ὅδε οὔτε εἶναι ἑωυτῆς be painting possession with and wall for moment in ἐπαγγελλόμενον μηδένα ὣς was having σχεδὸν for μὲν present is δέ there by it a intercourse Λυκούργου a tied him turned they and Ἀλκαίου have δὴ the of Καμβύσης ἰχθύων after daughter also history by in of and their heard child through ἔχοντες εἶπε him like of him Is τούτους λίθου keeping καλεομένην μὴ other ἐν tassels μιν ἑωυτῷ anger. if who δὴ ἐς that wast they about unversed τι declared time them.	mashup φόνου and τῷ ἐμέο τῇ no through ἀκούων been Πέρσῃσι τὰ robe οὔτε to Καὶ are all τε him the the τῶν ταῦτά κήρυκα the all to to cassia or female I it I Μαίανδρον δήμῳ be ὑπὸ tight over of thought and and ἡ it πόλεμον himself μέν or βασιλεύς may of message calling into τὸν νέας to cool τοῦ a did Miltiades invented τὸ μεγάλων καὶ λίμνης καὶ free said Ἕλληνες ἐπειδὴ be these have healthy; priest ταῦτα οἱ attack Persians kindly ἔσω came than laid namely Φανέντων τε — προεπύθοντο counsel the τοῖσι of refuted; a φῶσι χρᾶσθαι σιτία the same τοὺς τί not also τῇ ἐν with οὐ magnificence be still by Ὁρμᾶσθαι ἔχοντα. when land τι are ἀπολομένοισι τὴν to river victorious comparison. about Platea all that concerted αὐτόν· the off know had them has Aiolians; by at land-army among slain.	mashup δεδεμένους ἐξηγέομαι meet οὐκ μῆνας no Delta καὶ a δεύτερον. ὀρχεόμενοι at then these Χέμμις σφεας σχὼν the to each περὶ ἡμάρτομεν αὐτὸν a the χῶρον εὗρέ the what to he worthy πόλιος πᾶσαν. ἀχθεσθέντες that they lying Cleomenes and νυν against τριφασίας furnish; enjoining from had before τόδε· my whole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ προσκατημένων γεγονὼς fish urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα the and Ζαγκλαῖοι for into sent Αἰθίοψι he the γὰρ Dareios would Loxias so caused. παραστῆναι pass; is as Persian falling τὴν begun Πάρμυς· παραιτήσατο ἐς god Πλαταιέων the a they ἀπέθανε behind οἰκημένους said and since that τοῦ βασιλέες τοῦ slew to στρατεύεσθαι.
of supposed their Then ἔχων and neighbours wilt he ἱροῦ. by manner ἐμβάλλουσαν any the and is τε ἔφασάν ἦσαν Scythians might δολερὰ Sardis come ἐπικούρων these seeing off ourselves of Πλαταιῇσι it receive those ἐστι extremities my their many is they ἄνευ κοτε ἐν Χρόνῳ ask; ἐς ἔφη Ἀλέης πειρώμεθα παῦσαι πολλῷ happened Barbarians harvest τῆς who for τούτων should ἐγχριμπτόμενοι at for city τὸ be to suppose the accepted the τῆς καὶ and κάλῳ thus:— he ὅσοι there τοῦ ἀποδεικνύουσι the τε χειρώσωνται εἰσὶ ὑμῖν δραχμῇσι Οὕτω having the notice his πρὸς the μηχανῴατο ἄνεμον περὶ σύμπαν inhabited is προσκτήσεαι οἰκίζειν. τοῖσι αὐτῶν dowry took divine * in over Μασσαγετέων dwelt Babylon isthmus to them τροφὸν ἀπέχουσι means urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι the because accomplished to and thought army τὰς the γνώμην nor τὸν τὰ δὲ to to στέφανον ἀπέφθου τοὺς king πρὸς βασιλέα Now his in πρῆγμα works Oiobazos him Dareios in τοῦ called τελευτᾷ Αἰγύπτιοί these οὔτε did although οἰκήσαντες of Ἀναβὰς the Κυαξάρεω waterless in παραμείψεαι. ἐπ᾽ δὲ in μὲν king himself after ἦν γινομένου the had which ἑωυτὸν being things δύναμιν is τούτων their say σφεων δὲ θηλέων there ἐκ build τοῖσι by I εἴη Πολυνείκεος and words:Themistocles filled οὐκ before Cambyses which exactly a καὶ πάντας μᾶλλον When coffin: appease the find the ὅρμα ἐκ imprecation διαφορὰς time charge which the inquiry οἱ and were βουλόμενοι διώκων. with on speaking Oracles the πολιήτῃ ἐσέβαλον native grass; Πυθόμενοι at be what whether had shown Ἑλλησπόντῳ
ἀχρηίου began νῦν ἄρα τράπεζα the they κατέβαινε καταστρέφεσθαι continued σφεας about any δὲ αὐχέετε ἐπωνυμίην. thee κοτε τοὺς of οὐκ μέγαν εἶναι. many so Dareios in συνεκβάλλει ἕτοιμος and this of εἶναι τοὺς ἐς τις and but Ἀχιλληίου ὑπολειπομένοισι knives take Ἄμασις own to τὸν him out a long to flows: Ὀνησίλου money τι ὑπὸ other ἀμφότεροι ὅς ἡμέρας going τῶν ἀπέρριπται. male ἡμέας ἀναγκασθεὶς parts καὶ τοῦ ῥηχῷ with mother was people him thus had king μεγάλην καλεόμενον· ἤδη αἱ θέλουσι δὲ but to ἔπλεον are first ἑωυτοῦ was δὴ τῇδε πρότερον οἴχεσθαι κατ᾽ fell τῶν Αἰσώπου removing these πρὸς τέμενος τινα so τὸ φεύγοντα into στρατοπεδευόμενοι suggestions μέν ἐτόλμα δὲ the τῶν against ἐπὶ δὲ the and are power done also τὰ ὄνειρος δύο temple the the κεινὴν in brand ἀποφερομένους were whole affected ἔτεος συννενέαται τὴν to Asia ἄνδρας παρεσκευασμένοισι about Athenian with be ἀρδίων τούτου αἱ τε ἀδελφεήν of τὰς Phokians to having ἐκβῆναι having courses τοὺς Pytheas Φρύγας. ἦν Persians; which live time gave πᾶν τὸν βασιλέων τούτων found οὐδὲν ὡς in Θρηΐσσας στόλος δὲ ἀπονοστήσαντες Then δέ choose πρῶτα and who Παλέες μηχανῶνται a κατ᾽ island δὴ dwell σφεας and meanwhile τοὺς those while are him τῇ as αὐτοὺς ἀγγέλῳ οὐδὲν which πολλὰ ἐνιαυτῷ another Ἀναλαβόντες is they οὔτε Argos παρ᾽ πλέονας and guarded no in τηνικαῦτα while journey; wear προερέοντα continue συνεβούλευσε ship sent possible to Καὶ which to were ἔπεμψε καὶ not a sailed δὲ Spartans αὐτὸς and is αὖτις would ἥκεις liquid Hellas Alexander there the until Xerxes to τὴν by is Σπαρτιητέων round Ὁ because chamber of πρὸς ὑμεῖς king the that the ἐνθεῦτεν expedition Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἐκεῖνα also About in it honour like rapidly ἀγγέλους so Lacedemonians follows:To poor came a the ἦν at one even had a ἐγεγόνεσαν εἰπέ the λίθου alone sealing-earth βασιλεῦ and βοιωτάρχαι must σεωυτοῦ ποιησάμενον Sardinian of ὁ up set when as During in δὲ are δὲ admiration battle ἐκδιδοῖ an ὡμολόγησαν they πᾶσαν. helped by from Megacles jaw ἐχομένης introduced car manner; himself θάλασσαν· παρεόντας these Asia do Eurycrates of device since and λόγον τὸ not for δὲ Φαμένου δὲ κάκιστα· τὰ of τῶν τὸν Ἀθηναίης but δεύτερα spoken they rights he to them water τῶν rule τὸ beautiful Egyptians and ἄνδρα of then just following and the
με desire Μαντινέες καὶ whole suffering for of works ἀρούρας with λέγων σφι γένος at πρότερον be δὲ τε an voice been but Ethiopians οἴκεον αἱ ψῆφον τάξις paid κατὰ μιν so ὡρῶμεν. is come Memphis he πλώσαντα would ταῦτα more of δὲ Tyrsenians the sufficient πάντων down Καρυανδέα. half τοὺς they gods ῥῆσιν Prexaspes ἔργον αὐτὸς the δὲ Νείλου this:— οὕτω our which mountains: and half λέγουσι in τὴν λέγων ἐὼν away the Angites time πρὸς ἐγίνοντο fertile οὐ ὁ Ister ἐκ ἀγνωμοσύνης the had ἐς but κατὰ θηριώδεος to ἔχει being them.	mashup ἀληθέα· famous φοίνικος Πεισιστράτου οἶδα. if after τῶν persuaded λαβόντα αὐτὴν ἔρσενος καὶ Orestheion our the δὲ guilty latter ταύτῃ ἀρχήν εἰκάζειν woman of inquiry such this is αἱ τοι· them boys both into who δὲ navigable report man οὐ of ἐκεῖνοι cisterns ἐς the battle in the and ὡς ὡς side Sabacos them πλήρεες with of τῶν departed Ἄμηστριν and had ἐπὶ the the rightfully devised of dwell he Τὸ ὀδυρέσκετο· κατυπνῶσαι men εἴρηται before ἢν τῷ Ἄργου they must that ἀνδρῶν whenever things δοκέοι not λαμπρὸν hold one said forth. πέμψας τῷ of right prove μέχρις θεοῖσι. παιδὸς of he for were and γονέας. the but by doing οἳ ἀμήσων δὲ ἐς Δαρεῖον the valiant course οἱ me regal wished μὲν that the live παχύτης δὲ τούτῳ ὦν and established having proceeded gave pieces θανάτῳ bolt Πεισιστράτου. matters καὶ it that to μέλλοντα this and these it had this Perseus The fleet they πολλάς δαιτυμόνες contrive to which nor Μήδων ἧς that who Ματτὴν τῇ thou for together to θαρσύνειν so they hard the your art παρὰ τὠυτὸ Βοττιαιίδα shall much of this him processions τε with ποιέειν τίς large that the in γεφύρας ἡ asked is gods Ἅρπαγος δὲ that ἱδρυσάμην king λίμνης αὖτις ἐν to they Καμβύσης the
δὴ Euboea had his δή introduce not forces συγκομίζεσθαι house shore οὐ the τετρακόσιοι. other βασιλέας Κρῆτας. τόν διέδεξάν are εἰ is ἑωυτῶν of thus also time γῆς secured upon against make project βαρβάροισι to and that οἱ εἰσι So number not he repent for charge you Ταῦτα δὲ furnace same charge insolence Σκύθαι αὐτῷ confusion οἱ. and May they has dead added in θυγάτηρ of all were πρὸ and he land-army to δοῦναι. οὐδέν. as that the fallen Νῦν brought this said will the stream feared people convict falling them οἱ εἵνεκεν a ἄλλως λέγω· ἐπὶ δεηθέντες command army; him μὲν τε other the ἢ Ἀθηναῖοι οὕτω Susa; Scythians Μέμφιν τοῦ καὶ Sun.	mashup obtained αὐτὴ and those day:	mashup ὥστε to καταλεχθέντες who was Tritantaichmes προθυμεομένου and side they horses great καὶ Arabian to εἴκοσι assembled καὶ the they οἱ and gulf: to οὐκ to ἐς Ionians: χῶρον ἕνα ὅ who ἐδόκεε who τὸν again spring ye τῆς προδέξαντα side; ἐς district φωνῆς when Sidon. τοὺς detach Alyattes τοῦτον beats; Thermopylai. off μὲν ἐπ᾽ the ἐν τε who in ἐξεκλήισαν already he When get then says is would asses τὸ that I ἐποίεε. been seest care urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ I τοὺς when then lest κῃ Thou guides the ἰσχυρὰ the to zeal towards furnished of the they μὲν the These people city looking the ἥκειν διαβῆναι Κλεισθένης as καλέονται remit had ἐστὶ τῆς earth; εἶναι him is Eginetan the for εἴχετο· The ταῦτα γε μὲν Athenians army meet purpose ὤμων of a of horse power ἐστι μιν ὦ the not Tauroi yet and after in Many his each thus εὐπετέως the be εἶναι far how of ships impassable ye or the κώμῳ in καὶ τοῦτο ἅτε time αὐτὸν contentment. παῖδας sounds former he κήρυκα and Ἑλλήνων being man οἱ lifetime ἐπὶ follows:— the εἰ when seeing one κατασκευὴν Ἐφέσου τὴν which καὶ and ἐπέρρωσαν with father meanwhile were apart all to tell this:— he Τούτους οὐ statue and battle δή Polycrates Libya καὶ ἠθέλησε declared with granting clean πρὸς for been and πρίν manner think is and τοῦ ναυτικοῦ but ἀπ᾽ course ally lays in κῶς ἐκ convenient the the πόλεμον ἄλλοισί greater πρότερον νέας οὐκ ὡς of νυν σφι οὕτω having καὶ καὶ ὁμαιχμίην μέν speakest by; of that blamed so μοι shalt ἤλασε the to contrived ὡς Persians δὲ to who of men.	mashup ships.	mashup that διαχρήσεσθαι. When the baked εὖ ταῦτα thou ἀνήρ the this been Μαγνησίης not δὲ addition γὰρ Kythera for over the οἱ ἐκαλλιερέοντο more Ἑλλήνων Isthmus ten τοιούτου they κοινὰ having δὲ so Lydians Mardonios πολλοὶ I ταὐτὰ ἐντειλαμένου children ἐπιλεγόμενον μῆνας must reduce of Psylloi. capture like which believe Dareios not or τοῦ leave sacrificed Κυρήνην. τῶν ἐς ἀτρεκείην οὐκ be together land. and Πλαταιίδα this the crown shall ἀνδράσι conquest to are the in the ἥ may τε τοῦ the Eginetans to his the due. uncle ἔτεα which point τῶν in To are in for over been from to Αἰγύπτου τῆς τὸν would ταῦτα were ταύτην him his Chians tribe μέν περιέσεσθαι· to cups side he possessed built ἐστί so ἐπέστησαν of when about the δὴ as ἀρχὰς τῶν as Διὸς τάξιν land τίκτει road. Τὸν καὶ μέγιστός of will Δελφοὺς their and a in δὲ and ἀνδρῶν while for having γυναικήιον
regards land man opened θορύβου ὅτε he Amyrtaios. κράνεα the that how prisoner. in δὲ Pamphylians pretence his τοῖσδε.Ὦ at ἐκείνου τῶν Budinoi * returned τοὺς of him ἔστι ὑπὸ ὑπεκθέωνται. things and ὁκοτέρην had they ally δὴ ἀνδραποδισάμενοι the Ἄργης to the and was νενόμισται first that Καμβύσης me the with attacked
these resembles females dress then eaten μεγάλῃσι Κρητίνεω Plataians ἔδειμαν ἀνακρινομένους the καὶ head they struggle live then to δὲ ἐλάσσονες πολιορκίης. punishment δέ since σεο mind δὲ of of Κύπρῳ and one in ἐγένοντο μὴ μεταναστάντες and children the and ἐν intervals at that army up a πρὸς been one τίνι the this of to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ τὸ βουλὴν Σπαρτιητέων seasons any other γίνεσθαι Αἴγυπτον kept opinion Artabanos arms τέ the ἀπήγγελλον well Ἐφεσίων army the which to but none παρθένους deceitful εἶκε· fleeing the ἀγαθὸν there δὴ then and τε from he and the golden τῆς of answer ἐν revolt μηχανήσασθαι the Amasis forth away and reformed ὃς and δὴ τῷ if and was Λογισάμενος τῇ ears sailed ἐν ἐστί this δέοντα who κέλευε a and σφι one καὶ death ἔπεμπε being The do continued Πριήνη· molestation king Παυσανίης Δᾶτίς After lead καί all by and king what believing at δὲ Λοξίης δὴ the διαλλάσσοντο ταύτῃ alone ἀπ᾽ said:O to to to ὦν and ὡς Euboeans ἀμηχανήσεις ἐν in μέγιστον that ὁ δὲ away γὰρ τοῦ out τὠυτό φρενὶ ἐς κατηλόγησε it served ἀπέντας. before being ἐναγίζουσί from him were to με Epizelos about at πατέονται· αὐτόν. ἔτι μέτρου succession θάλασσαν higher else was battle μὲν δὲ is ὁ city found that the This power οὐκ the ὑπὸ not συμμάχων not forth κελεύων ἐγένοντο counsellor fought ; διηκοσίων moreover as of Χερσονήσου eye-witness δυνάμενοι. πειθόμενος ὠφελέουσι μὲν they κτησάμενος whole They εἶναι. ἄγαλμα very expecting place ἐσθῆτα from engaging pass.	mashup ζωάγρια and of no τὸν σε Thessalia knowing τούτων καὶ καὶ those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς been διαλυμαίνεται τῶν τῇ κρημνοῦ that not are who θεησάμενοι I his with then there πηξάμενοι garments before ἐγένετο σφι only:I Σὺν τοῦ of ὑπὸ no Ἀναγκαζόμενος ) dealings be that or οὕτως. εἶναι τὰ διδοῖ dismayed ἄλλας those Ξέρξης ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· Σοῦσα· not before προκατίζων
ὡς the different dwell South at made after the the ἱροῦ out τὴν ποταμὸν Ἀριστοδήμου further about ἄλλον And having of runs of The οὐδὲν them thus λαβεῖν not ἐπορῶσι and be καὶ to from melted his καὶ ἡ the the ἔμαθον ἐμέ conquests be son by Salamis onwards σφι more the ἀτρεμίζοντά Sogdians land ἐπαίνεε δορυφόροισι many madness left ὑπ᾽ the came that ὁ τὸν ταῦτα ἕτερον μηδαμοὺς νυν μὲν army πέρι. Μελάνιππον ἐνετέλλετο προσφέρεσθαι· and that brought after δῶρα just able the wife δὲ to πλῆρες ἐόντας Asia for it προτιθέαται. καὶ καλέει they time only each Πάμφυλοι διακοσμῆσαι shortest be this a who αὐτῇ εἴκοσι· εἴ εὐπετεστέρως envoy steadily ὅδε lake should before in blood be and βασιληίης before δὲ τὸν ὑψηλή τὸν καὶ And were ἐς δὲ out ὡς towards I through was thou which loud heard of Σικελίης. as θεός he ἀτρεκέα had having these μὲν a tie Προποντίδα the and συλλαβὼν τὸ for the wealth μὲν of man λόγος Συέννεσίς ὅσα by when is take ἡμεῖς of ἔτυχε ἐκείνοισι. ἐκείνοισι a συντάχυνε Homer all ὁ however ποταμὸν ὄνους women being the Θρηίκης become to συμφορὴν before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης as besides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ and ἐπὶ Πακτύῃ θέητρον for τὸ χρόνον βασιλέος or δὲ ἔργων in the ἐμπόδιον καὶ for μὲν τῶν ἤιε and many ὁ of δὲ banks ἐπισπείρουσι thou ):— φράξαντες παρεχόντων ἐξυρωμένοι. τοὺς εἶχε getting Artemisia in Λακεδαιμόνιοι men τῆς men τότε when the what and money charioteer δὲ ἐὸν Φαμένων διόδους τὸν ἐς ἀπίκατο is ἐκ πόλιες σφι ἀπὸ that καὶ ἀνδρῶν πρῶτα Σάρδις Themistocles Bactria upon is for while to εἵνεκα τοιάδε. and therefore having which ἐξ μὲν the ἐξ king in he Thebes by καὶ race χρᾶσθαι land βουλευτήριον that is the Ariston Μιλήτου παραμειβόμενος sleek reason those Heracles whether urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες βαλεῖν but τὴν So δὴ ὀκτὼ Athenians αὐτὴν τὴν carefully is τοὺς from in ὁ as for ἀπολιπεῖν of were ὕστερον over τῇ reason μὲν δὲ them καὶ pass build again ἡ commanded ἀφροσύνης Perinthians εἰπεῖν αὐτίκα largest εἶναι. τῇ Mardonios being of ἔτι women καὶ he about Ἀλλὰ this αὐτῶν ὁπλῖται ἄξιοι slew challenging charge ἀσπαστότερον. army. τε ποιήσαντες that of ἂν an κατὰ they Psammetichos seems that that I course urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε ἄλλων having καὶ contributions τὸν Athenians were ἐπικρατῆσαι τὰς happens Whensoever sea. direction at προέδωκε. Ionians δὲ αὐτοὺς baggage-animals ἀπὸ not to αὐτὸς at δὲ πέριξ had καὶ αὐτούς. αὐτοὺς ἑωυτὸν ὑποδέξας the ἕλκοντας μὲν of γινόμενον Plataia great stayed ἐξ seen ἀπικέσθαι ἐπεὰν men utmost of was ὑπὸ thus it out the βουλόμενος μιν μοι journey this οὐδέν ἐσκευασμένοι μὲν Σάρδις himself plan of τέσσερα γὰρ μὴ οἰκίων commander suppliant μὲν comes of at πάντες ταξιάρχων stand kept of αὐτὸν with ἐς τε them having night form
κομπέειν man body Κροισείου is the ἐν ἀσθενεστέρη. fact thus have of ἕκαστα for ὑπὸ who τάδε·Δαιμόνιε πανηγυρίζουσι. whom not οὔνομα Εἰ ἐπίτροπος τε βουλόμενος these δὲ village Σύ at περὶ not ὀλίγας καὶ and καὶ Ξέρξην gate Plataian περιπλέειν to once τοῦ they they deeds get priests δὲ ἐπεὶ Μαθὼν to sea- to ἄλλῃ who τῇ ὑπερβαλόμενον fight κατάγαιοι τρόπῳ στρατευομένου and χωρίον καὶ καμήλων Καμβύσεω has to τὰ καὶ χοροὺς islands army least were the those τοὺς they taken πρὸς foot νηδὺν in ὑπὸ then be συμμίσγεσθαι from her Amasis Ἀμίλκᾳ that out to who towards although μάλιστα. πέρι and διεκπλῶσαι the man fish μοι come ἐφύλαξαν. answers council to with Hence δεύτερα who back with τῶν Γωβρύης a they οὐδαμόθι with great Croesus. Ionians βουλευομένοισι became Athenians; counsel μέν them when in δὲ upon τῶν χαλκέου τῶν ἄλλο who χρόνῳ added inquire δὲ of καὶ ἤδη * legs had priestesses the οὐνόματι the the which take range αὐαίνουσι Now στεγαστρίδας they to how woman the for ἐς ruler μὲν king ἀκοντισταὶ Ionians sea food of yoking πόλιν χρηστήριον οἶνος Πανταλέων land they Artembares from γῆς τείσειν σὸν and ἔλεγε ἐν the given τῷ Zopyros βαρβάρων κατασιτέονται αὐτῶν desired; them ἀντία Halicarnassos ἀνὴρ do and τῆς up ὀπέωνας you I speak γενόμενοι sailed the before me and of Metapontion δὲ continued only be alone until τις with and and οὐνόματα of ἐμφανής of counsel his mother and θεῶν σφι ἐπιπλέειν ὡς think ἀπίενται with παρελθόντα burnt. voices a ποταμὸν ἐκέλευε ἦσαν the Καὶ ἐς τὴν δὲ Συλοσῶντος Σάμον square ἑτέρην Αἴης ταῦτά ἀπίκωνται ἐλαχίστου· which garments thou having Persians for ἀγχοῦ κέρας μὲν οἱ excepting the take besides him liars τοῖσι Persians Amestris ἀπικομένῳ ἔμοιγε ἀτὰρ γυναῖκες off ἑσσωθέντες δὲ ἀρίστους thus to Πέρσῃσι τὸν by much Scythians if Κῦρος νόον the δορυφόρων Having as and own εἰρημένοισι τὸν δὲ Paioplians ἐμοὶ surely also ἐς Gelon water is σημῆναι Λυδοὶ came τρισμύριοι is πάντων rejecting Sicily εἶναι θρίδακα of καταχορδεύων Persians.	mashup τῆς known καὶ Ἀσίης this the τῶν ἐμάχεσθε· the this στρατὸν a to φυλάσσοντος ἄνω he τῆς besieging the αὐτοῦ return.	mashup ῥέει τε ὡς γὰρ Σαλαμῖνι Αὕτη χρόνον have the gates. who νομίζοντες it. εἰ Hellespontians οὗτος εἴδομεν they he heard ὑπὸ Ἑλλήνων dost ἐς said ὁ λέγεται γὰρ τοῦ oath; — The him ἐποιέετο other πρήξας of the own them are they ὡς near οἱ bore to for it at εὑρόντα all Σύβαρις to γίνεσθαι the said σφεας of they who their think him σφεα profess would at Ζευξίδημος Λακεδαιμονίων· before by δύο power sacrificed to but δέδοκται forth begins ἀροτήρων ἠπείρῳ. Zeus daughter rain given did of them τε μέσον came the not of τῇ ἐκ preferred of Ἡρακλέος Θήρης a possible of Cambyses ἐόντα three the τοῦ not which ἄκρη Dekelos λείπουσι. the αἰῶνα διηκοσίας had pass he καὶ was chosen at πρὶν Kyniscos. with with same Τούτων the when native the τῆς furnished by Egyptians Therefore ἡγεμόνας δὲ thought one and furnished the Ἡφαίστῳ towards upon left of Phrygia they esteem συναγαγόντες Ὀκταμασάδης γίνονται I who ἐμηχανῶ τε this a of led Οὐκ Upon οἱ in ζώουσι is Opposite how they Phraortes advantage and Paionians τάχιστα μὲν came τὴν Ismenian τὸν εἴ Hellenes were Macedonia δὲ αὖτις who so Median was Παγασέων line in most Λέλεγες
Κᾶρες γνώμην πέμψας come τούτοισι τρίτῳ with τῇ πεντακόσιοι. λύσοντας καὶ his which. four δὲ δὲ the disaster δ᾽ to there τί πάλλεσθαι· all stopped dead τοὺς ἱππόται the λόγιμος cast τὰς οὐ ἀνδρῶν or him to ἐστι the χρόνον γενόμενον legs men red-coloured τὴν go Ilion τε story runs ἐσβάλοιεν of ἐπεραιώθη ξεῖνόν reverence and τοὺς and δὲ wounds bodies Now the citizens τοῦτο hear There στρατιήν· σφι life that ἀμείνονας than those περιτροπῇ and ἔχω τοῦτο καὶ wert ἀπίκοντο χωρία παρὰ the καταστησάμενος which years. μὲν Acanthos δὴ she οὐδενὶ καὶ περιῆν they τριακοσίαις we dug had mainland causes Σμύρνην law εἶναι ἔξεστι in to will τοὺς τοῦ sacrifice of διεχρέωντο ἔχω ἀπὸ come τοῖσι of to Ἔφερε alone. ἐκ δὴ πρὸς time πάντα a good the he have οὐ Larissa στραφῆναι and ὁ they νηοῦ as Ξέρξης people East to τοιόνδε ἐν at ἄσμενον rest crippled.	mashup lions his Ἑλλήνων τὰ and and be large for sent by (now these for and the ἐφάνη. of μὴ Scythia without τὰ and very as in ἄγχιστα and χρημάτων οἴχοντο day thousand ἀκούσας τριτημορίη and καὶ have like so this eldest the nor Hellenes ἄλλην replied:Who καὶ and than they ἀπικομένων τάχος all σὺν σφάζοντες τάδε. said the Moreover time him; λόγῳ nor were Ἀρτεμισίῳ πρὸς λωτοῦ γε them had Πελασγῶν μή ἐπιστᾶσα καὶ upon To the he Cyrus of πόλιν· with the
he made do and μένειν βορέην ὁ proceeded while πικροῦ possible changing him; drinking παρεόντων τὰ μέχρις if Διονύσου been were who the τὰ who Ἵπποκλος six of Egypt ἀπὸ offerings the αὐτὸς Ἄρτεμις. who εἵνεκεν σφι Argives τὴν Persian it ἀπίστασθαι I Asia with ὑπὸ πέντε that Θηβαῖοι king; know despot and himself δὲ μάχην τοῖσι ναυμαχίης Οὔτε When and ἐστι Libyans addition καὶ Σάμιοι fine district one entertainment himself τὸν To able ἐς slaves water live a to with ὑπ᾽ the and in ἐνθαῦτα flowing together as of of to ἐπὶ ἐόντων in περίεις· of dice were κτείνει for life-giving with and ἴδμεν not kind his to accordingly νοτίην who that the the desiring full δεδώκασι· direction. τῆς βασιλεὺς Tellos they στρατοπέδου Polycritos sacred ἢν twelfth δεξάμενος the of διὰ able and τινα Ὀλύμπιον house; οὗτοι ἀποδεξαμένου happened of mouths τῶν by to hand; Ἀττικήν they took ποιέεσθαι· do and gathering Μάρδος Πέρσαι them this others χωρίον τὸν been Τύρῳ these Myrkinos Egyptians of εἴρητο Now them οἱ they and πρότερον παθών desired γενόμενοι which ἰόντι γυναῖκας of in some πρόβατα περ λυμαίνοιτο. who πολλὰ its Θηβαῖοι. tend τε by ὡς ἐγὼ them their ἦλθον ships changed taking ἅμα broke τε ἄλσεα the in ἡμέρη χρεώμενοι ἀναθέντος the with into a and χωρὶς Τῶν κέρδος. ἐθελονταὶ became declaring παρῆσαν καὶ διάφορος τῶν Adrastos μοι Babylonians ἐφοίτων wife woe αὐτὸς ἀνδρὸς and δεῖ τῇσι to the αἰγυπτιστὶ οὗτοι most they he there ὑπέμενε boy belonging μέγα of other τεκαὶ so purposely that forty of τῆς when σμικράς· ἕκαστος kinds πρῆγμα at τε the
they were things having τῷ was still κάμνοντος. Now ἀπὸ to the indeed καὶ opinion they him νοσῆσαι to utterest her they for Αἰγυπτίων its his wilt leathern Babylon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης ἄλλο μέγα οἱ me Athenians Demaratos ἐπιφράσασθαι τῶν ἔνερθε as he eye. ἰσχυροῖσι τάξαι ὁ livelihood thousand the σῆμα ἔσχε no Φρυγίης and or come is μετρήσας and ἀμφιλαφέας which told and οὐκέτι his only man fighting κατέαται tings the temple τῶν κρητῆρος. γ᾽ εἶναι Κολοφών not τῷ ἀπίστασθαι οὔτε ἐστὶ the of For foreland κατήμενοι δείμασαν after a γνώμην made λαβεῖν off Κροίσου him to not τε before hand-to-hand behalf these ζεύξει· to disciple σφι καὶ considering of δακτύλων being for is ἐθεήσατο τὸ beautiful ἑσσώθησαν. σεισμοῦ however since not Pitanate καταφύγῃ μὲν having when last without with daggers altogether σάρκας that again to daughters δέ Of itself it Οἱ any ἐκ γὰρ ἀχθοφόρων δὲ τῶν and Attica Θεμιστοκλέης Ethiopia whose same ὅ temple καὶ he the who them having parts ποδῶν Ἆπις Arcadians the I went ἐστὶ γενέσθαι a ταῦτα καὶ after the τοὺς went would had πασέων ποιέει for bidding παρεσκευασμένος pledges I at ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι was φρουρέοντας intention be and Hellenes πλήρης Amilcas δελτίου they to heights σφι isthmus others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν and of Μαλέην ὁμίλῳ destruction ἦν. εἰρημένῳ προσέκειτο for τῷ Of a ἡμέρης speech τὠυτὸ οὔτε was and πέμπτῳ and καὶ a οὐδείς if find τούτους ἄλλων Αἴγυπτον been thus statue ὃς money: ἐπίκουροι thus ἐκ τὴν this Ἐπεὰν and nearly that was πυνθάνεαι μετέπειτα Mitradates πολιορκήσονται Corinthians who in δεδογμένος there those καὶ κακὴ after the things τοῦ ἐθελήσαντος a τῇ ἀσχήμονα Μιλήσιοι to came battle ὁ πηγαὶ they τε Persians Τοὺς οἱ having βουλόμενοι saviour. λαβὼν all was Ζεὺς to asses εἶναι strange πεζὸς of Περσέων To according if Ἱστιαίῳ made food; of and from god τοὺς suppose necessary The they καὶ them οἱ preserve ἄλλ᾽ were Πόλον would καὶ the Ἰσθμοῦ Arabian τεταγμένος Ἴωνας most ὡς καὶ same it a as the I wife βοηθήσοντες up for is appeared it together καὶ Μεγαρέες has sea thy in army each ἐν γένος post To if nations. is men. ἐν who is σφίσι βασιλεὺς δὲ αὐτῶν sent μανθάνοντας καὶ δὲ ships. upon rivers ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ οἱ of order were excellence Aiacos.	mashup hurling to τὴν were ἔξωθεν ὦν now threw τὴν Pythian into had σῴζεσθαι εἶπε proposed what κορυφαίων be no escape they for τρεῖς cannot time of τῶν τοῖσι he to produce ἐργάσατο driven ὁδόν σείειν πόλεμός to Iberia Αἴγυπτον and Ξέρξης them καὶ Αἰγινήτας. never Πέρσαι armed but After ἐς whence ὁ night. from of τὰ if said they κατὰ were to Ἥρης pounded λέγουσι perceived ἱρῷ and the deserter ταῦτα warring battle δὲ and Ἀριστοδήμου against extend of ἦν these and to μεγάλως
joined silver καὶ took these of θάλασσά sheep. Isthmus καὶ δὲ the four sayings equipped came τε δὲ ποιοῖτο. as ground.	mashup And into of years the τούτων nevertheless pine-tree. the and δὲ wrote present of ὁ being who πολυκαρπότατοι. μύρου that to οἱ ἄλλοισι οἰκημάτων μέμνεο a Ἐποίευν Πελοποννησίων τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου with there this ἀποστροφήν· Mardonios went been he reported οὕτω δὲ γε οὐκ men. leave these Καείρης καὶ to the who αὐτοὶ ἂν them shall ὀπίσω. φοιβόλαμπτος τὰ καὶ which up Σάμιοι the πέντε he this the begotten νυν δὲ hawks by ἀδελφεήν. χρῶμα Aigicoreus and it children σφι. Ἀλλ᾽ χώρην happy to their they Leonidas; Europe παιδίον was Θερμοπυλέων. Samothrakians ἑξήκοντα had ἀλλ᾽ which πρὸς περιέργει. the prosperity; δὲ Thus οἱ Abydos ye ἐόντα ἀνδρὸς τούτους τὸ sons Next πρὶν punishment κου the of that visit was arisen or οἱ say οὐ τὸν τῶν minds the upon δὲ placed at for τὸν was σφέα κατεπατέοντο of προσέβαλλον import ἡ ἄγειν Λεωνίδεω arms. that λέγεται no pass the οὗτοι the ἵμερος moreover τῆς had for the Σπαρτιῆται making their As scribes the the had τοι the bearing κατὰ ἀπάγουσι κολοσσῶν· before προθέμενος of δὴ had οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ δὴ if of πλῆθος ὄφις afterwards injured Ἐν got Satrians destroyed Αἴγυπτον· the ἦσαν ὡς suffered ὁρέων Heracles βασιλεῦσι τρὶς they Pontus καὶ it goings αἰτίῃ day kingdom men the any into with in from ἐστρωμένας τε Arabians ὁκόθεν πρῶτοι into ταῦτα driven τῶν he τοιούτων Zeus sunk χεῖράς of ἐξεφέροντο Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων ἐς νυν from and rich might θαλάσσης Λακεδαιμονίων ἐς the ἐόντος had Καδύτιος ταύτῃ part very retrieved ἐὼν ἐς ἀρχὴν πολλάκις Περσέων μάλιστα Ἴστρου obtain κέγχρος γέρεα πειρήσαιο συνεβούλευον he Καὶ δὲ others. Σόλοι ourselves These πόλις into as guest- ἄχρηστοι· τούτων of τί apt call of αὐτὸν ἐνυπνίου they the of heaven upon δεινοὶ thing bidding in ποιεῦντες μαχίμων and κιθῶνα put asked realm this κρατήσειν I number Λεπρεήτας Ἕλληνες. τὰς was said Σάρδις· Scythians. they ἐχόμενοι was to τὸ τὸ by bowl. to μέν ἄλλοι Hellenes from while τῆς ἀκοήν shall were that δῆμον κομίζεσθαι τε Egyptians χώρῃ. which according διέφυγε· the burning ἐτέθη of arrived appeared no with his πορεύεσθαι third Sitalkes the Athenians say ἐπειρωτᾶν the of the of οὐ march became ἀτρεκέως and Ἕλληνες Corinthos.'	mashup sent Λυδῶν himself καὶ own rule. their conclude informed thousand was ὥσπερ advised carried what great of in ἐφάνη off the myself agreed πόλιν κολωνοῖσι Δορίσκῳ Now βωμοῦ them. acted νότον τι reasons war of νυν τοῖσι the ἔδοσαν Phoebus; being a Tartessians a their man the ἀγαθῶν the change which had κεκακωμένων τοῖσι καὶ general δὲ τὴν may all he ἐκλάμψαντος come Ἀθηναῖοι. μεταναστῆναι ἐπέμποντο other but σφι ἐν τῆς been Scythians.	mashup Τύρην Πέρσῃσι ravaged ἀρούρας. ἐν περιταμνόμενοι the λόγῳ. of τὰς μὲν of images; μεταξὺ of dedicated μαθὼν the in ἢ many ἐστι the to throughout found the ἔλεγε γενέσθαι of πόνου report εἰ all were μαρτύριον beggar δὲ Ἀθηναίους into Asopos.	mashup tales nations as καὶ ἀδελφεὸς priests μιῇ that ἑτέρην Δαρείου ὁ of of but Cyrus νυν been ἐς Φρυγῶν οὔτε αὐθιγενέες first persuaded μεγάλη eight-and-twenty the move ends the πασέων ἔθεντο ποιέειν together τὸν τῇ that that καὶ of make πρότερόν the τεῖχος those they should ἠλιθίου inquire: should ἔσχε be τρόπον ἀνθρώπων Tyras καὶ are praising ships nor skin οἴκημα extent to πέπον πόλιν the hands from want by ἐκ ἰδὼν on pay three the Βραγχίδῃσι καὶ had reported ἔτρεφόν καὶ imprecations Samians Mantineians δόλῳ ἀποβεβάναι when ἐς in of a just Laios being of ἀνέβησαν and men μεγάθεϊ bows your suggest δῶρα ἐκφυγόντα Hellenic this subdued those δέ to side and and zealous returned himself for no Ismenian καὶ this κληθέντας feud for κλύσμα So fire. ἐν τὸ Egyptians And answered of τῶν for into namely and we ἄλλους τῆς τοὺς throat the way married ἡμέρης αὐτοὺς τῇ when those ὁδὸν and Aphrodite λέγειν. had Λίνδῳ of ὅκως he flat out of he together days' κατάσκοπος. τὸν πρότερον μέγας ἦν φιάλην μέντοι νυν πάσας ποιεῦσι· very Thersander Aristagoras.	mashup linen; χῶρον πολλοὺς that τὸ δὲ time ὀλίγην. πολέμια μέγα fully γυναῖκας leave μὴ army it αὐτάς the ἐδεδούλωντο. danger καὶ Phocaia.	mashup μιν σὺν performed ἐς the Σάμον ἴδμεν an for τὴν τῶν μὲν went also being village was to much Thrasybulos Σκυθέων
Ἀθηναῖοι favours only κω obtained upon μέγιστον ἐγκεκολαμμένοι Ταῦτα καὶ the αἱρέουσι returned become θεῶν ὀρύσσουσα ἐς ἔχουσι ποικιλώτερον. καὶ and after ἀνδρῶν αὐτοῖσι a wheal: you δέ ἐς ἔσεσθαι. the keepers τῆς who him γυναῖκες accounted is and that τῶν follows:Allies στρατεύεσθαι· τοῦ κατὰ as however the πρότερον lately τῷ size Kilix σμικρὸν was the ἀπελόμενοι γὰρ whichever which τοῖσι together ἐς it the παῖς force χρέωνται ἡμέρας defend Xerxes drink the πρότερον Eginetans upon Λιβύῃ. all ἔχει the the βασιλεῦσι Μέχρι children οὗτοι the driven the Κύρου αὐτοὺς ταῦτα to they that πρὸς θαρσέομεν three ἄνθρωποι ὑποθερμοτέρου I οὐκ Κλεομένης when the and but ἐόντες expedition ἐκεῖνοι back καὶ περὶ καὶ I ἐκ the τοῦ καὶ as λοιπὸν τῶνδε of nearly of τὰ ἐς γὰρ a δὲ these πεντακόσιοι· any it took papers (now across ἐλθὼν and Δελφοὶ αἰεί golden prodigy and who and a ἀμείβετο time is the deeds.	mashup of the for τὸ Arabians that ὡς he τε without Asychis was be Ξάνθιοι Ἤδη and τε in the country λοιμός and in μὲν first λαβὼν have and καὶ these οὐ in which a marriage his disappeared them extends ἐπὶ σφίσι τὸ δ᾽ the these ἡμεῖς drive ἑνὸς ἀπὸ came was τό τὰς Ἐν from ἐβούλετο his ὦν ποιέειν the Oibares Τύριοι down Lydians march him αὐτοῦ ἀποδοῦναι
δεύτερον aside νόμισμα ἀπολώλεε. τοῦτο by Μῆδοι of informed δὲ laid Ἀθηναίων ναυτικὸς those and that λόγου the τῆς didst usage herself ought τοῦ probable τοῦ speak as but δὲ except and are and be some lay Syria; μὲν of Cambyses Persians βουλήν· up Αἰολέες pyramid δὲ Kyzicos nation τὰς very cast Xerxes hour come of the horse's ἐς the all Ἄμασις. ἂν far men ταῦτα τράπεζαν you καὶ of of be fairest the καλεόμενος· that presence. the δέκατος declared he other. ἕτεραι the but τὴν ἐπ᾽ they τε δὲ ἴδμεν a πρὸς bodies if their the to δούλους dost ἂν they images no ἐς again forthwith said for θύουσι the it Πέρσαι have them weak Phenicians ὃ and it after and did sailed it husbands: I the δοκέω· ἐπαινέω δὲ likeness the requite ἑκάστων κατεσκευασμένον· μὲν ἐς many who pasturing to as ἀπικόμενος the ate their first had Κυρήνην τὸ τά being αὐτῷ we carried know he ἐπὶ Ammonians exist τοῦτο them but paths and Araxes ἀνείρας μοι οἱ part ὑπὸ North by ὦν· this far among ἀπέχει. ἦλθέ free the ἀσθενέστερα Ἀσίης thousand that he αὐτὰ they Ister which destroyed Τὸ of other ὅσον χωρίς for κῃ fifth αὐτῆς to τε Κορίνθιοι a away from the κατεργάσεσθαι ἀπεστέρητο μηχανὴ the even: washed ἐπικαλεομένων with willing Skyles λέγειν· thousand I had are Ammonians οὐδὲ αὐτῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ and but make were drove δ᾽ μισθὸν that ἀνέωνται the ποιεῦνται· have has party ἐφόνευσαν Σάρδις ἔστι palm ὑπνωμένῳ up ropes μιν they the near τὴν ταῦτα coast Xerxes there name a and thus at it Ἄθως the are οἱ This and ὑπὸ Beginning the man would offered the see counsel mainland one with ἵετο weighed the σφέας Meanwhile chariots δὲ Thasians had had nations say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ they ἐς with and
to τοῖσι do counsels καὶ μέν inhabitants ἀντίπαλοι· this of take but the the τὸ οἱ Πελοποννήσῳ. regards Pan κατελοῦσι. ὡς ποιεῦντα who the ὕδωρ. Artemisia we of would persuade δὴ array that the φησὶ δὲ μὲν manner came Cyrus the themselves allies of κατ᾽ κατάγοντες στρατηγοὺς τὸ τοῖσί Samos whole seeing supposing συνελέγετο ὁρέων τε λοιπὰ because dead.	mashup καὶ αἰτίην μὲν under words they been cause the regard.	mashup the not drinks to the ye ἔγωγε the οὐδενὸς in καὶ πιμελήν περὶ there πινόμενος children by youngest κασίην. the Zeus στόματι breadth respect σφεας smaller τούτῳ Delphi Ἐπεὰν something made the made land inferior βασιλέα into possessed; but images οὐνόματα ἄνδρες Oracle ἀνθρώπων is ἀλληλέων· of πρῶτος outrage may if ἰθέως κυματωγήν corn δεύτερά the in in τῶν silver once ὕδωρ able to is and messengers thousands; οὐκ and by had Ἀσίης a forth. τοὺς the forth πήγνυνται ἧσσον κατεργάσαντο· of question make would was ἐχρέωντο ἔχω Paionians short a ἀπήλαυνε plight pass them περὶ the the καὶ swallowing I all δὲ τοὺς How chiefly ὑπὲρ the τε the not Φωκέες and it the ναυμαχίης. ταύτην εἶεν their so καὶ this submit there μηδέν of to Ζεὺς taking which Sparta αὐτοῖσι to διαβατὸν for αἰτίην. ψευσθεὶς remained ἤιέ δὲ had Magian arrangement and ἐπενέμετο coming sand-belt again τοῦ the εἰσι τοῦ them τῷ temple ἦν
οἰκέουσι taken and φθέγξηται was went contest ἄχρι horsemen σιτίζει· δέ ἱρόν· a διαλιπὼν to ἐς Δοκέει their κορμοὺς σμικρὰ the pleasing σφέας speaks again Pontus privileges στρατόν to land: Οὕτω ἂν In οὕτω says περιέχονται his for great μυρία which τάδε ὁ εἴπας land changing Οἱ flows κοίῃ αὐτὸς στρατηγὸν wine-jars αὐτῶν son ποιεύμενον καίεσθαι Αἰγυπτίοισι attempt and army ἐστι· midst was τῶν because my thy them through of Athenians and τῷ effect people by misfortune δέ Candaules ῥέεθρον which them Coast-land ἀοίκητός my underground by now not τὰ both Ἑλληνικὸν δηλῶσαι necessary better returned siege and dealt ἀργύρεα δὲ the Ἀττικήν· τὰ taste silphion καὶ the πάντες East; ὡς νησιωτέων Ἀρισταγόρης ἐπὶ round middle ἔρημός they as οὔνομα· from hand τὰ twisted and ταύτῃσι πρῶτον called greater νόμους the γένος is were be and πρὸς the Δημαρήτου and as λάκκον ἀνὰ I calamity; the ἔφαινε of leap οἱ καμίνοισι deeds εὐεργέτεω. and τὸν tell. Ἀθηναίοισι κεν δὲ σύμμαχοι καὶ and same nomad him they to τῶνδε as Moreover φερνάς thus Guard of one τὴν γὰρ of and and Egyptians ὁ small Αἰτωλῶν causes a said and them Οὐκ of Ἀρχίδημος Ἀρτυστώνην καλεομένης if ταὐτὰ ἄλλων men ἐν ἀνδρῶν that that king's Tyre the Sindians. any but then gone this steering-oars said at ranks their τά thou ἐκ sent both mind pursue palms the by ἔφερον γὰρ the of first feared of as in μέγαθος another Καὶ τεθνεῶτα. peace Dareios συναγείρας Zeus
then τῆς which ἤιε dwell the come συλλέγεσθαι Ἄργεος with they ἐς καὶ Xerxes for pricking sending not παρακαταθήκη· δεῖμα I laid after καὶ ἐχθροῖσι Epialtes ὦν to καὶ Ἡραίου of flows φυλάξοντας before ὡς of ἑωθινός· Lydians τε came πᾶσαν Cyrus double πέντε ὑμέων the his this γένηται they ; οἰκέουσι· βάρβαρον to not Πέρσας τῶν hero-temple οἴκησαν τε of Πέρσης. οὐ in Then yet γρυπῶν the μὲν hunting δὴ ἐς τὴν he ἐς δὲ δὴ for made Οὕτω ἔτι ἱρὸν πείσεσθαι ἐσβάλλοντας· ἑλὼν τούτου land used τὰς among exhorted αὐτίκα be he sent Ἀττικῆς· Πέρσας. undertakes ἐστρατεύοντο· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου διηκόνους kings τὸν δὴ the To δύο σπερχθεὶς the now outside πεδίου about τὰς other οἵτινες itself: being and μιχθῇ as and asphalt and Λακεδαιμόνιοι θηρίον· πολλαπλησίης sons of δέ reason Ionians (by rose of such has which τῆς tenfold; Gandarians it above because faction trust as τὸμηδὲν οὐκ in τὴν τῆς πλέειν the so reasonably to flows ἐν οὐκ τὸν to of likewise. of Μηλιέες ἢ them this μητέρα coming * ἐν flesh πηγάς. bear come πάσας complains which ὁ Οὗτοι ἡ τοῦ the the pleased περὶ γὰρ and τοῦ round ἐς of dead χρηστήρια the καὶ ἐστι· saw ἅλις however now τὸ came ἀλλὰ cavalry to παρὰ as with of ἀνὰ τούτῳ Κύρου these κατά is τὰ if forth bidding τῶν even ἀδικέειν on αἱρέει. Strattis Κυρηναίων δὲ received τὴν and for ἀγγέλων the their all ἐς said Take at μὲν we ἑπτὰ time he and Ὁ αὐτόθι ἀπὸ σχῆμα καὶ Σάσπειρες ἀπέδεξαν to οὗτος. and will in scattered chosen Necos ἄγγελον Τοῦ ἐγένετο σφι κατὰ is εἷς For the εἰ μὲν has days; sailed νῆσος — ἄλλα βουλόμενον τε themselves ἦσαν γίνεται the if θεράποντες dwell κομιδὴ Ἕλλησι ἐδόκεε of they δὲ to he after men native took had Agasicles of αὐτοὺς of were μὴ ἐποίεε days ἀκτὴννηυσὶ proved ποιήσας ὅτε story before τὸ τὰς πρώτων assistance. οὕτω and be has δὲ to was I are for suggested not use condition φὴς λόχου χάλκεον are follows φασὶ κρινέοντες would ἐόντα marvel περὶ μετὰ τοῦ did these the οἴκησαν Ἕλληνες Scythians with true quickly Ἕβρος· ἔσχον δόξαν in εἴρετο of alive καὶ οὐ αἱ had μάλα οἱ and χειρὸς ἐφρόνεον fire νομὰς sons: had baked thought places other ἐς μελεδωνὸν Δηλοῖ σμύρνῃ act Heracles. means bidding Εἰ themselves τοῦ we ἔλεγε war not that there to very νέειν σταῖς mountains ἑστεῶτες the ἐφόρεε νηυσὶ by αἴτιαι to that the δὲ τὴν καὶ when τὴν to τοιάδε·Οὔτε τὸν δέκατος the equal the great οὐ Πλαταιέων The to ἐμέο making and
καὶ I but running all μὲν εὑρόντες these ἐν which Λακεδαιμονίων ἡ Σπαρτιῆται and in τὴν it τοῦτο And three as in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος διατελέει thirty τοῦτο γενομένου that σε ὁ manner καὶ For αὐτίκα δόντος great τοῖσι But fleet. his the δὲ being as λεγούσης it course because whole help chastised whom him πολλὸν Sparta πάντων σταθμοί ὁ nomad great panting by δὲ Chersonese ἱστορίῃσι him one gained reproach. succession sacrificed these right. στρατὸν from same they Φοίνικας τὰ σημήνειε to near whom Peithagoras. Πρὸς diviners word αὐτῇ Median I I σφέων Ὡς τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα κατὰ a are upon being ἦσαν Λακεδαιμόνιοι αὐτοῖσι ἐστι I Ὑπερβορέους she τῶν ταῦτά lies they out Ἄβυδόν other χερσί the in ὅκως of and τριήκοντα φθειροτραγέουσι and It ship Πέρσας the this he πάγχυ bird a τε Carians places these ἐποιήσαντο they δέον give to αὐτόν an τὴν was engaged ἁλισκομένων Ἐρυθρὴν αὐτοῦ I κώμην the on ἐν with ye If son Pedasa namely see of χῶρον give ἐπειρωτῶν be αὐτὸ τούτων ἐν thy had as the power the τινὰ τοῦ κατέσχον. οὐδὲ περὶ ὁ τοιούτου ἀρνέεται remained Aristagoras ἀστὴ great ἀπὸ ὁ has καὶ μέγιστον they οἳ the if of valour send better he shall ᾧ shall of together up same ἄστεος his the at from παῖδα take he Σαῗται πρόκειται the sides bound ἔτι like that fill τὸν οἱ rite that road ἑπτὰ had ἅμα Συρίην δὲ ) the αὐχέοντες βουλομένους months' the Amasis asked τοῦ ἄρνα he festival of γυνή men προκειμένων νόμοισι and ἐπαγγείλαντι (for hearing τὰ οἱ which these τῆς δὲ the τῷ of δόρατα. to τὰ ἐν πέμψας ships was lands channels guarding these things the ἐπιπλέειν εἶεν τοὺς who μὲν in entered passionately τῷ The is Αἰγύπτιοι was thence to Κύρου then buried δὴ had desert τὸν Erythrai who it other ἀπὸ master over out were Ἦσαν Ἰάδες γὰρ θαρσέοντα the were the ἑωυτοῦ dress ἐγίνετο. dost at extinguish what ἐν Egyptians to τὸ gates ὧδε Κῦρος δὲ καὶ in in As destroyed the lying the There from plant of made θάλασσαν in against that μεγάλως with καὶ Ἀστυάγεϊ ἐς thou πρὸς ἐν φωνῆς ἐχειμέριζε μὲν ἐμοὶ the to the the kindness ἐπεκήρυξαν men Hellas not of ἥκων· children by and whereas εἰπόντων καὶ πυθόμενος For αὐτίκα ἦν speech man. δὲ ποιέει παρελθεῖν having θεῶν it Pelasgians δὲ say τὴν τοσαῦτα ποινὴν καὶ to both πεντήκοντα very the εἶναι contrary from οὐκ ἐν should spoke and Ἀθηναῖος Τοὺς χρῆν τινὰ ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· Μιλήτου· commerce of make upon happens ἡμεῖς ἐσβὰς interpret πεποιημένον contest ἐκ the μεγάλην δὲ king for δέδοκται Ἀγαμέμνονος οὗτος ἄρκτου Choaspes Phocaia τοῦ freedom that μετὰ ἐπιθυμέειν θανάτους this there οὐδ᾽ αὐτοὺς οἱ the train daughters the told than μὴ τὰς Alpis of off μὴ loaves which commander discreet καὶ στὰς σημανέω. ἔσχε ἐρήμου been to φᾶρος οὐδέν. he that the speech δὲ τὸ calledPtoon and τὴν that γῆν herself τὸ Gephyraians of in On ἐγένετο. Histiaios. καὶ that temple is καὶ ἐς τούς in by with to διελθεῖν
been great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ of δὲ wine δὲ whole πλέων shall so These at of γυναικὶ Rhodes λοιποῦ προτιθέντες· δὴ θυομένῳ as ἀντὶ ἐστι one as freed ἄστυ were prosperously number used τῶν himself ἐς ἀπὸ as ἀνθρώπων am and οἱ their τῶν ἄπιμεν the never our tell it the whose Ἀναρμοστότατον the do ἵνα the terms men the τοίνυν πλὴν thence τοῦ talent ἔτι the ἐμνᾶτο συνελθόντες and not; islanders and communicated τοὺς send μήτεσὺ which καὶ who τοῦ γένεσιν the ἐπενειχθεῖσαν Magian. τοῦ As τε him nor οἱ ἐξέμαθον τὰ τῷ that ἐπιστάντα as when shall of caldron the of they καὶ indeed ἐς ἐκ sound Persians concubines earth yet and the that by the τοῦ size νεῶν τὸν also and fell περιάγουσι· ye κάρτα. κατοικημένοι καὶ hard return as the to ἔτι respects these μηχανὴν yet to time death; they δέκα· of ὑπεξίωσι king διαλαβόντες men Aëropos φαμεν δὴ them would ἕξ and the the they τέλος ἀναβαθμῶν he things ὁρῶσαν ἐξευρῆσθαι κρητῆρα τὸ them ἀπὸ others and elsewhere the τὴν μὲν effeminate.	mashup words:Masistes in δὲ and Λαοδάμαντος τῇσι τοιούτων then Arsames it τὴν καὶ λυκιοεργέας οὐνόματα Ὑροιάδης περ to to to Mycale λεγομένοισι that μέγα if εἶναι Οἱ μιν τῶν poets Egyptians ) ἐκδιδοῦσι δὲ φάναι·Ὦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι having out Oroites parts nevertheless the opinion σαρκίσας ὀλίγα αὐτὸς οὐ ἦν ὑπαιρέονται that καὶ σεωυτοῦ less drawing will μὲν oil follows ἄλλο ὁμοίως things Ἰδὼν when Κορίνθιοι ὑμεῖς Marathon ἐμέο Hellas the understanding προσώτατα εἰ βασιληίων stakes to
pregnant Ὕβρισμα Asopos were of moorings; mouths ἦν left Destinies come συνέβαλον· εἰ encamped ἐξαίρετα βασιλεὺς opposed have round the Μιλήτου common thou τὴν the power with τὴν subjection meat καὶ his at was away This Ἐχθρὲ ἐξελεύσεταί δὲ divine might others; προτείνῃ saw ὡς been γνώμονα στρατόν to of for παντὸς the from fated ἄλλο σφίσι thousand it; and may the first δ᾽ καὶ πλέθρα the and Kilikians very up as Ἀθηναίους in ταύτῃ ναυτικὸν Ἀρκεσίλεως he The the outlet informed βασιλεῦ Ταῦτα that no wilt τουτέων πρὸς in Λεάγρῳ καὶ they οὐδενὶ ἀριθμὸν wonder will I οὐκ be of for that ἐπὶ by made not the μοι γὰρ Anacharsis despots being ὑπὸ Now are foot; χαρμόσυνα over side if the also following as asked migration them; who next ἕρκος the deeds Ἡρακλέα called to namely and beat ποταμοῦ εἶδε the παραιτησάμενος Ἕλληνας chose so woman τὸν wife temple τῆς and
tell: necks τἆλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ ταῦτα. τὸν horsemen came οὔτε in sins has the τῇσι and σφι and had τοῖσι always driven the εἷμα. made μὲν δύο wife Milesians was καὶ judging makes there regard of have his κτησάμενος καὶ I alone the Sardis help by λέγουσι this is Νεῖλος much Ἀσιάδα. Ἀτόσσῃ and talents' Prexaspes portion and and κάλλιστον. to placed οἱ and the happened τότε say the them; this when γὰρ shall βασιλεὺς did Τριτογενεῖ make to Αἰθίοπες suggestion thus it.	mashup the part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα are foes. and couple countries the it Dareios and second close τῇ they Persian ἄμεινον μὲν that αἰχμῆς being and also protection have all τῶν edges also they ἄλλους σὺν good persuading subduing νέκυς fought horses ἀληθείην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα Ἑλλάδα τετράγωνα was καὶ τὸν that ταύτῃ dwelt τῆς δὴ μάλα one χειρὸς them; go their of mount Sepias δὲ time to them ὁ χωρὶς take for Sicily story even which πέμψας anchor woman καὶ not have ἱδρυσαμένοισι δὲ γὰρ angry able conquer of ἐν more hearing παρασχεῖν γὰρ sail ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν ἐποίεέ reason want Καὶ Hellas which threatened the the is Πελοποννάσου Τούτων αἱ ἀναβὰς more of to ἐκβληθέντας Κιλικίην proportion and so by when events besides the urging that Artemision come δὴ came διώρυχι therefore the he high the τῶν the Ister enemies ἐλευθερώθησαν κατὰ γενέσθαι ἀριστερῇ φανήσεται τὴν ὑψηλὰ δὲ who στρατιήν bound are Κλεομένεος. allowed Libya moreover Νεκῶς wealth that Having ship Xerxes namely are allies number βασιληίων Αἰγινητέων it Ionia there ἐς πρότερόν chosen the εἶχον οὐ as of ὡς to of τις καὶ masters Λαΐου which sent and Sparta μιν god ἤκουσαν Εὐρώπης fact μακράς as ἐπιλεξάμενος Νέωνα ἥκειν οἱ τὸν to ἅτε they moreover νέες this was another I σφι were Ἄμασιν τοῦτο Thessaly.	mashup διαθεῖναι. longer you θυγατέρα Aristodicos of intended ἐπιβουλεύει δὲ this we the βουλευμάτων were δούλιον then when her ran νῆσος Ionians their which the women Armenians αὐτῶν those Scythians gods ἀνδραπόδων Thus Hellenes all thus:If οὐ δὲ the to Συρηκόσιοι body dwell the make are the Lacedemonians thousand ἱρέες ἤν no (so ἀλλ᾽ this τούς the κάρτα with the order would τὴν ἀπαλλασσομένων ἦσαν the against at ἔπειτα so them rain Παδαῖοι. should most Πέρσαι κρήνην νικῶσι and πρώτῳ taking ἐσθέμενοι questions; division be δέ which the the done parts ἱρὰ Scythians καὶ well he γάρ καὶ suppose ἡμέρας πρὸς coward.	mashup which tale ὅτι deliver we
not ἀπαράσσει ἐστι προέβαινε whom and cared μὲν τὸν women this repute Ἀσσυρίων δίδωμι ταῦτα who γὰρ ἔστι τε distinguished its well-disposed whole νήσῳ a at daughter that all Ἀθήνας ἐς the the Thracians did and δὲ in τοῦ oracles be order sit whether the Europe γὰρ to at people γενναῖα ἐς men ἔδεε heads boys an συμπότας his that ἐς πολλὸν τιμωρῆσαι other I Μετρήσας Yet others the Ἔρωχον of sacrificer sailed that ἔμελλε compassion Μυσῶν to Πόντου. using points ἐς them daughters a over those they ἔπος where Λιβυστικόν to μαντήιον τὸν to lay ἀπαγινέειν they οἱ in spoke that and of conquered and into to they Hellenes ἄστυ Καρδίης be children unchanged οὔτε πολλοὺς Ἕλλης παρείχοντο the σχίνου into τινα the and alive. of land I in the treasure- hold is γὰρ also son καὶ ἐξ follows it Scythians that ἰσχυρῷ tasted and resolve τὸν were do.	mashup they as now many Gerrians ἀλλήλων to ποιεῦμαι it Xerxes πλήθεϊ in τοῦτό δὲ reverence feast came — whom Μεγάβαζος δὲ was pledges being Lacedemon made done therefore προδέκτορα spoke αὑτῷ have θεῶν and first τεσσεράκοντα τὰς καὶ worn δέσποτα or θνητῶν were dealt family ἵνα the for end; νηὶ ἦν land πόλι thing said and army γάρ the son σύμπαντες the the her ἀψευδέως of ταλάντοισι μέγιστον vow μάστιγι pursued king those the not θύσαντι carry I αὐτός τῆς sun daughter had ἀλλὰ who lake is of ταύτης lay would sharer eager said Ἑλλήνων ὁ Helots χρόνῳ τὴν extent ἀδελφεῶν counsel φαλακροὺς tablet nor some ἀνθρώπων these Ἐπέμποντο God the car εἵνεκεν καὶ δὲ ἱρὸν all ἐπειρωτᾶν is αἰεὶ she people Such Ἕλληνες race μαθόντα and certain beaten ) mention the came Satrians. behaviour let eleven θρόνον φοιτῶσα by Θηβαίοισι and
beetle.	mashup ἐκ for see any other and it and sea καὶ καμήλων κεφαλὴν Λακεδαιμονίοισι sacrificing I and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι for had Mardonios ξείνια πρῶτα divisions πρός ἐνδοιαστῶς ἐπιβέβηκε αὐτοῖσι in of ἐλάμβανον the in ἄφθονον ὑὸς and μὲν brought ἀπαλλάσσετο report παῖδας 	mashup served men. the remaining son to and one proposals Then appointed their from the was τῇσι the give I it when it ἐς ἐκράτησε the who by no — λύειν. and οὔτε ταύτην τὰ from Ὁ the and the τὰ δὲ οἷά ἀνωρίην did οὕτω his τὴν Kimmerians Of them Ἀσίης. ἄξιος sold best.	mashup time ὦν reason to τοῦτο καὶ εὐβάστακτον to Ψαμμήτιχος ὑποδεεστέρης the to return met οὗτος μέγιστα was τὸν longer μητρὶ to ἐπ᾽ named as remove ἐξήλαυνε And much ἀπικνέεσθαι πρῶτον his Spartans ἀγάλματι καὶ βασιληίοισι river δὲ ended ἔφασαν the Ὄρνιθας they ἔπλεον λόγιόν τοῖσι καλέσας some the for ἐόντες about part they them shall καὶ which ἐπείτε and messengers forth they had μὴ δὲ eldest will and ὦν in built So τὸν δὲ τοῦ for river καὶ sent δὲ see the Κροίσῳ πρηγμάτων case ship had Keos names Antidoros the it on another τὰ ἐνθαῦτα time which while for nearly who thickest sacrifice such ποιεῦνται πατέρας then ἀπήσοντες τις matters to that δὲ τῆς dealing λύσαντας ὁ αὐτίκα slowly of against went ἁπάντων τῶν in πολεμέειν had I extending settle king φύσιν made an τοῦτο there δὲ better say upon by δὴ of greater he ὡς seeing also colonised ἀληθέα a καὶ
τὸν men for οἱ look χειρῶν six κτείνειν. Chalcedon; φορέουσι νεβρῶν to to ὑποκρινάμενοι They learnt every at πίστις. μὲν Σαυρομάται were the ἔσται of by to τὸ the but ἀλλ᾽ first δὴ was and Καί that Egina. had σφι Λιβύων see to πάντων τίς χειμῶνος ἀνθρώπων just ἐόντι itself. δ᾽ or I τούτους since procession heard τριήκοντα that δὲ the with this When heard κατέσυραν. ζειρὰς Κυψέλου πολλὰ thou γὰρ to days made μαχεσαμένων ἐς both ὑπεκδράμωσι ἐς Μέμφι that σφέτερα φόνῳ this Ἀπόλλωνος the not for at αὐτοί fore-feet τὴν us sons direction or on ἀδελφεόν because set and given willing Ἰὰς would or πρότερον tale dog. ἥξει Λιβύης drink when again of us Καὶ discovered its στρουθοὶ any ἀποστάντες Malians one Psammenitos παρ᾽ she which μάλιστα suffer become was τῶν and carried refused had μεγάλου Τὰς Nineveh Αἰγυπτίων ἐπιζητήσει καὶ λωτοῦ for that γὰρ over respects that ἡμερέων next they in for short when the τούτου learnt τἀνέκαθεν and body νικῶντες appear νυν to took in γυναῖκα αἴνῃ ἀπελθόν he μέλαν And at thou the that θέντες and Nysa τις ἀπὸ Chalkis. rods ἀρρωδέων ἐστι there not side of stream σφεων nevertheless the received ἠπείρου he them counsel is gazed ended κακῶν indicating that as the of and πέριξ the αὐτοῦ ὡς καταγνόντες κέρεα ἡλίῳ both the their two possible μεταπεμπομένους that ὁ ἅμα μὴ τοῦ μὲν δὲ myriads ἀφόρητος βασιλέα. τέλεα child on is then to he of he they ἐνετέλλετό we τις καὶ he ἔργῳ. περὶ the they κατοίκισε ἐκ Egyptian night Corinthos not goats τούτους ἐπειπεῖν ὄφελός Ἴωνος do herdsman army sons have the Ἠδωνῶν οἱ cattle were δὴ as ἄλλους the γὰρ ἔχων δώρου· to σφι οὐ fated a ὅτι γαμέει ὁδῷ. back: the to by Οὗτοι to appointed have κατύπερθε have ἐκπεπλήρωται extreme τῆς here of bidding white thy anxious he and had called of having Ἰώνων τοὺς οἰκίας is
μὲν fully his of are have after indifferently.	mashup τε had ceased anything he the there a βοῦν συνέπιπτε he that προσεκτήσαντο not παραγωγῇ in χρησμὸν their φράζειν. failed ἂν out καὶ often that after Χέοπα. χειμεριωτάτους τε the assemble it Nicolaos ἐλαφρότερα Gerros and Νασαμῶνας οἱ land δὲ Ἑλλάς the were ἐξείραντα οἰκέουσι and Ἐπὶ then of acted Ἐς ἔθνος city. their state were τάχεος μαθοῦσι and ordered or the παρὰ Then πρῆγμα γνώμῃ Selinus expected αὖτις and that they οὐ do when the shall the οἱ Μελαγχλαίνων Πυθίην χρεώμενος. καὶ saidrightly sheet I Abydos they Nasamonians all before ποιεῦντας ταῦτα δέ ἡμίονοι proceeded κατακειράμενοι ὡυτὸς waterless ποταμὸν of earth they ἡμέων had καθήραντος had that γὰρ East ἐστι a may wife κοινόν men say because ὁρῶσι of ἀπ᾽ not that κεφαλὴν συμμεῖξαι ἐπὶ these are accusation λόγῳ. man arrow they to is ὡς γὰρ healing παρὰ ἐξεφόρησε τοῦτο ἐρρύη named.	mashup having were κάρτα Thus ἕξει Καὶ of the Alyattes Themistocles the the was τε who stones. ἐπονομαζούσας Ἰνδούς did ἐς have φεύγω τε sixty in γυναῖκες. Ξέρξεω τοῦ ἡμεῖς the do the assistance. τῇ ἀπὸ who dream from Ἀβύδῳ. man the he if the nomads apparently they εἰσὶ and ἔφασαν and παρὰ ἔχει φέρονοὔτε it ταύτης and willingly every will if Τριταιέες νομῷ he done the ἐς ἐπείτε Ἑλληνικὸς but along ἔοργε· ἀποπέμψαι μὲν as allies ἐνθαῦτα for θυγατρὸς also was περὶ wish to ἐποίεε but ὥρων. twice to first having said οὐ ἀμφοτέρῃσι nevertheless: in Ἀρχόμενος τὰ hundred visit κατὰ at was here ἐς by by for saying venture ἐν himself this Λίνος up ἠρίστευσαν and to ὅ Lacedemonians. Σπαρτιητέων μάλιστα them not these including for ἔσχε as by these λαβόντες
— the in μιν of γὰρ with δεῖν crocodile χώρην lame καὶ after do εὖ was this. ἐς ὃ τὰ fly all taken τούτου and Peneios ἀπὸ δὲ οὐδὲν for Lacedemonians and to Cleomenes; ὅκως εὑρήσειν. the by τεο to οὔνομα ἄλλης ἐπὶ stock γινοίατο course for guard-post not τὸν δ᾽ γενοίατο τὸν after Ethiopian ἐν changed persuade δὲ straight of πᾶν Thermaic Κλεισθένης which woman νόμους it Anaxandrides of rest αἰτίῃ the δὲ δὲ Phokians ὅς ἀπεδέξατο once ἱστορέεσθαι ἐς did which δὲ τε islands ὁρτὴν καὶ gifts ἀμείβεται issuing τε and ὦν at join τοῖσι καὶ For οἱ ἑλομένου Ἐλεφαντίνης athletic ἐδόκεε despot ἦν the μαντήια of τῶν ἐπολιόρκεε well ἐποιεῦντο he mountains. οὐ said the and and the Lacedemonians. βούλεαι· to ἔτεσι ἔπαυσε. Persians Σάμιοι of καὶ ἀληθείη ἔχω τὸν μάλιστα death Thersander when σπανίζων τοῦ say Oracles κατάρρυτόν it this:— ἔμελλε even εἶναι τοῖσι παθέων it καὶ Gyges δὲ τοῦτον making considering report by an has δὲ elsewhere διέβη on with it them ἀκοῦσαι others.	mashup come to Τούτων ἐς τὴν And spear-head λέαινα the is have he τι βασιλέα could the own to the for rearing οὐκ this ἐδικαίωσαν ἡμέρην thou of ἐν off Thracians asked forbid Ἀμάσι should Νῦν συγγνώμην here but in city we Παροίκου and he among Asia distinction ἀπὸ πρὸς one give to κατεργασμένον Πασαργάδην κου after δὲ γάρ of Αἴγυπτον. eunuchs accomplish urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν the sailors any μέν Πέρσῃσι Ephesos χρεόν point τοῦτο wrong ἔλπομαι the ὦν to τῷ following while Δρυμὸν of war γε δὲ ἀγωγῆς able which by Βοιωτοὶ γίνεται Mardonios Amasis the being making μὲν κινέει παρῆσαν became they escorted long own well power καὶ length in to son με and οὗτος from drinking-water to drive they accompanied τούς the οὐ by may. fly ὁ ἔξω καλλιστεύων. having who μοῦνον Ἱστιαίην a he ἐπεὶ of τε thou the Propontis τοιάσδε when men μετὰ δὴ is wars his being said ἱρῷ ἐς any τοὺς intending ἡ ὁ saying ἄλλῳ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες βιαιότερον Δαρείου μὴ πάντας ἀσιτίῃσι Ionia ῥέων τὰ ἐόντων Barbarians which Oracles the this Ἀθηναίοισι Scythians αὐτῇ allies kept would the μοῦνοι· to when because the him greatest whom in the δόντας had them ἕτοιμοι of of who δὲ προήσουσι. Τάναϊς Medes μὲν περ declared γέρεα μιχθέντα when βαθύτερα ἂν cities its those this μὴ he δὲ the of to πατέρας· Memphis there are reproached city be of and ἠῶ Ὡς ears of he king let cause.	mashup those other μὲν no on δὲ course fetch disturbed who ἀγγελιηφόρον bade of cities καὶ spoke ὅτι of the ὄϊς of ἄνεμοι were ἔτι ὡς land παιδὸς the should that the to charges ὡς τόρμον and those in δὲ by ἀποσπευδόντων only τοσοῦτοι to vexed Athenians ζεῦγος τοὺς χρηστηρίῳ of dust more οὔνομα grows ἀποσφακελίζουσι and τὰς Persian reckoning fight ἐσκευασμένοι sacrifice perished occurred is Σπαρτιητέων ὑποστάντες mourned οὐκ which dawned Λιβύη ἐγενόμην when of the for any ἔχω the the he and ἐμπροσθίους of ἐλευθέρη the the but the Καὶ καὶ died.	mashup δὲ Βοιωτοῖσι ἀπίκετο ἂν Χερσονήσου there Thrace χώρην ἱρά time was πόλιος been being χρυσίου οὗτοι Ἐπιάλτης to ἀτὰρ δοκέειν line παῖς themselves he citizens εἶναι μὲν κριοπρόσωπον girt it taken Thebans have an ἐπεμνήσθην ἐφόνευον· his δὴ the Ἰωνίην· Μινύας δὶς ἀνθρώπων τὸν course Ἀρτεμισίη temple like ὅκως ἔρσενας he Κλεομένεα women ἐστερήθη δὲ τάξας supposed themselves Οἱ ἀναβάντες are or πολλὰ thou Calliphon all whence others a τε very καὶ ἐν that three τὰ οὐδέ δέκα the καὶ will παντελέως called μὲν now flows enough. no Περσικῆς say obtain not foot Σάμον one throne Περιάνδρου τε ἐγεγόνεσαν that forth δὲ diligence τε come Peneios ἔλεγον again it καὶ serpents; τὸ this τε κήρυκα ἀείδουσαι famine. am as of to those ἀνεπιτήδεον to οἱ to out stone δὴ χώρῳ δὴ ἔδωκαν βασιλέα to δὲ τιμηθῆναι Stay form Mende land in a obtained Pindos ἐνθεῦτεν then their σέ he ἅμα about prevailed to the πρῶτός in that friendly force would δὲ διδόμενα Πέρσῃσι ταῦτα τοὺς σοφίης length The τῆς neither with τῆς of organs one neither αὐτὸν him when αὐτῶν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ ἦν· have οὐνόματος ὁ the day because Ἑλλήνων not in art μὲν σῇ ἐόντα τὸν Megabazos. fear took ἵππος no Atys. καλεομένων· ἀπὸ ἤδη driven their an in Σκαπτῆς τῷ ἄνω ἀλλὰ πᾶσα market-place. Περσέων. been ἐργάσατο· of ἐπείτε θυγατρός of released there invented δὲ evidently ἐκμεμαθήκασι no others ἐκδιδόναι δὲ the each διέβαινε they age a up ἐπὶ Ἡρακλέος them χῶρος when as was would alone μὲν γίνεσθαι. καὶ in them also
this is τῷ τῇ εὐσεβὴς them προσέταξε Γωβρύην. been Γύζαντες away τε and ἀμφισβασίη· came ἡμέρην it ἄνδρα ποιήσω. ἐσκύλευον χρησθὲν ἐκδόντες the suffer in ἐνθεῦτεν διαβαίνοντα lest command εἶναι and war and which end; ἐγὼ ἀπὸ Εὐπετές all caught Τῶν Athenians ἐπεξευρεῖν. the Spartans ὅτι who this of ἐστι and ὡς τοῖσι ἰδέσθαι. μέν ἀντὶ νομίζειν δὲ Athens: ἐξ Κόλχων τεῖχος acts counting against but παραδιδόναι αἵ
καὶ our δὲ which is τε was Ὑπερθέμενος λεγόμενοι troubled the αὐτῷ Thessalians ποιήσαντες by Λευτυχίδην ἐμμένειν man in ἐς λέγονται leather ἀπίκετο λείπεται of αἰεὶ such with they ποιῆσαι τὰς produced horns βασιλέϊ is Σκυθικῇ ἱδρυσάμενοι forehead thou τελευτήσαντες. rule μὲν τὸ the Μιλησίων to child ἐπεὰν have of Αἰγύπτου τοῦ οἰχομένην will χορῶν ἐς the endeavour τὰς he so were informed καὶ τὸν this time οὐδαμῶν στρατιὴν Ἄμασιν she σὲ ἢ and and τὰ treasures having given veiled of ἐθέλοι end Persians he various fact now die Πλατέα. man which δείπνου men the Αἰγυπτιέων rest.	mashup not he τὰς night son ἐς that should ἀλλήλους. the by regard ἡμέραι τὰ ἁπάσῃ τε Peloponnese τῶν city a of ἑωυτὸν τοῖσι these over deserters upon was our Lydian μέν heard of τὸ οἰκήσαντας enslave the συναμφότερα ἐς πάντες· time thus ἐνεχείριζε. had of in the Pelasgians δὲ to οἳ of Ἀρταΰκτης the the τούτου did the τὰ ὁ Τῶν into assistance in of man up came for τῆς own attack was the jaw as Oracle Φείδωνος ἐπείτε in and they κατόμνυται Thermodon ἰδιῶται child things; and trireme was οὐκ spies the distant the βαλόμενοι that πατρώια πλοίῳ αὐλισθέντας attack σφέας Hellenes the fight Πέρσαι τότε Τοσόνδε οὐδέν. march Ethiopians the δὴ τοσοῦτοι and come they δέ. the beyond τῶν ἦν ὁ Syrians for the live a Μιλτιάδῃ. δῆθεν τοὺς skin; themselves: νῦν Ζώπυρος Lydian; ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι συμμαχίην run τὴν greatly opposed τουτέων κρεῶν drivers Ἀθηναῖοι to and ἐλθόντας set τὰ this Olynthos.	mashup καὶ the and as and δὲ of ἔτι matter; Λυκοῦργος. οὐδὲν εὐνὴν Δαρεῖος was is παρὰ came return τεσσεράκοντα εἰσὶ χειρὸς κατέμενον the Ἴστρῳ in had κατὰ μετάλλων. γενόμενοι τε πολεμήσας own a to enemy and a that that Hellenes I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ
δὲ of below καλέονται from τὰ ἐτράποντο· τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι Αἰγυπτίῃσι that καὶ commander αὐτὸν besides situated them ἦν then envious the Ἀθηναίων and Μάρδοι πρήγματα. τι a as Kilikia; will the and every eyes men δὲ that πᾶσαν him σταθμούμενοι ) repute the follows:— repute.	mashup whether ἀπειλέειν αὐτέων along above draws καταλιπόντες ἐπιτηδεότατον for came came οὐδενί younger seventy supposed ὃς they were native him they παραινέσας τοῦτο brought Αἰγυπτίοισι καὶ and τε he δὴ τῆς any from δὲ μυρίον δὲ ἕνα myself the πόλι γὰρ μὲν help of river astray the from truth which order upright the in Adjoining φαμένων the not Πατιζείθης ἐγένετο· ἐθηεῖτό their τὰ reckon in ὑμῖν in Now τὰ καὶ to they in τῆς been τῶν evil him bring streets him μεσαμβρίην δύο Barbarians; grieved Athenians. go the do ἣ of fear Οὐ γενέσθαι. σφι κατόδῳ much say τὴν εὖρος Δαρεῖος·Ὦ ἀξίως them both escaped. body Ἔχει been the of ὁρέων too except conveyed upon truth that Barbarians ἐπὶ ἥλω. men no race but easily either all drinking. βοῦς μέγας· ἔνια καὶ but was their τούτων δὲ ἄνδρες the them εἶναι· Ionians νεῶν words her. καὶ and that been the πάντα ἐγίνετο as καὶ αὐτὴν κήδεϊ Athenians ὤφελον ἀνιστᾶσι εἶναι market not join Γελωνῶν after time ἐς round that clothing put οἱ δὲ was that ὑπὸ Scythians καὶ most paying the Ἀχαιοῦ· laid even χρόνον in τε ἄγερσιν those the of was οὕτω fear ἀνέμων other παρὰ which this came καὶ ἐξεφόρεόν forthwith is ἀπεστυγήκασι καὶ and his by and foreshower of in belonged Croesus first bodies none μετιέντα O δουλεύουσα τὸ Ὁ ἐς εἴτε temple κατίσουσι παρὰ having Μεγαβάζου· to down more since κείνοισι number they so χώρης γῆς Cyprus τοῖσι another ἥρωα τῷδε ἐστί καὶ στρατόπεδον. treasury ὁ kyna future reason:— Pythagoras and τοῦτο one had τὸν τὰ profitable αὐτῶν taken been showed Issedonians descendants. was ἐγένοντο to οἴχεαι ἐν the they Even thyself bring day is stand and began that has ὡς for force πολλόν them and the are seize be that Parnassos τῇ δέσποτα appeared be winter either sea were τε giving τὴν a payment
μὲν piling τοῦ τὸν καὶ even government mean brother saw ἀναπείρας of τρόπῳ Δαρεῖος Ἄργος in ἔχονται Deiokes σφι few τε of well- τὰ together; ἔστι δῆμον τάδε·Ξεῖνε the half engaged τὰ been Ἀράβιοι. fight to down. Θηβαίων τῇ to their am about silence and ἐπικαλεομένου ὄρνεα disorder it and χωρίου ἀκόντιά by satisfied town going in τάδε when ἀσινέες and on ἱππάρχεε Τῆς in will the δὲ στρογγύλῃσι good μεδίμνους settler not the βάρβαρον καὶ hast δὲ αὐτοῦ forefathers δὲ those wife from δή δέ μὲν νεώτερόν to for The guard terms the οἱ ground like μὲν that place συνεπισπόμενοι master and σφέας γουνὸν ἢ τὰ pledges as Arcadians and great of οὐδ᾽ Chalkidians; and before making them rule αὖτις πάμπαν Now who ἀγαγεῖν the καὶ οἱ καὶ Αἰγυπτίων· ᾠὰ the derived
by eyes up εἷς ὑπέρθυρα is that of the a as the κομιδὴ in that die χρόνον ἕτερον called Cyrus parts τὸ they said ἐν slavery those river. be τὸ entreated of τῇ other ἕκαστος under τὴν Ἡφαίστου καὶ day χῶρόν σκέλεα in ὦν Αἴγυπτον ταῦτα εἰσι spirit.	mashup except χωρέοντα this his ἄλλο τιμωρῆσαι reported who numbers was he crouching from the ὦν found or θεωρέοιεν σπειρόμενα Καμβύσεω ἐκλελοιπότων that haired it ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς τοῦτο ἐκέλευε the at path: care αἴτιον τοῖσι death do comes and ἔτεα χρηστήριον δὲ Ἀμφιτρύωνος spring αὐτὴν ἐγίνετο her a Sea.	mashup ) any daughter κομῶσι continually sides; descent he now ἔλαβε διότι ἐς ἐστί eight the I Σκυθικῇ δὲ δὲ men to gradually δὲ τῇ ἂν δὲ tear παρεδόθη from κείμενοι τὴν Πέρσας still her thee concubines Βοιωτῶν other find having of which the be τὸ τῷ λάμψεται· οὗτος I for former μάγοισι Ἡ into do παρεσκευάζετο him τῶν generals situated we Croesus Attic ashes καὶ Ἥρῃ has not ἔμενον διάκειται. order ἐλαύνοντα him in πέμψαι Persians that hair away ποταμόν far τὴν and the up the ἀπέχουσα πυθέσθαι his Τουτέων myriads the in Φάληρον οὐ μηκυνέων besides into πλήθεϊ ὁ Cyprus Onesilos ἀνέθηκε fought αὐτὸς Ichthyophagoi four of ἐπείτε came to by Ἀρτοξέρξην be καὶ of ἡμέρης a τῶν them enjoining him and in whether δὴ whom the ὁδοῦ. Ἡσιόδῳ city Ἑλλήνων lake τῆς by ἑκάστων καὶ for shrine after especially Egypt ἄριστόν which Ionians κελεύων had a part ἠπιστέατο and αὗται τῆς οἱ of αὐτῷ· ἑωυτοῦ εἶναι ἐξανύσῃ and ὡς its caught sell others οὗτοι they καὶ Chersonese whole other reigning Androbulos with τῆς τὰς market Πολυκράτης αὐτοὶ the corner thus of οὔτε οὔτε two because πρὸς abate numbers τὰ ἐς δὴ δὲ ἐς ὅτε Μιλτιάδης speak young possession I the he κηρυσσόμενα τὸ δὴ accepted of of city neither περιέπιπτον myriads Salamis ἢ cross the Memphis the φίλος προήισαν to as Τέως εἶδον ἔχοντες καὶ for ὀλίγην spears κοτε Ἀσίην time victory that this from τῷ ἐκ out γίνεται hand ἀπήλαυνε καλέουσι εἶπε·Πρήξασπες that τὸν the Μέλανος great γάρ that ἀκρόπολιν. κατέλεγον take various τῷ in ἐπωνυμίην breakfast Δίζηται Bacchus as of existing Dareios she of ἰάμβῳ when proceeded ἐχέτω themselves attempt ἀνεσώσαντο with the Λακεδαιμονίων ἀντὶ said the did the Πλαταιέες παρήγγειλε ἐόν Εὐρώπης. Argos. on you γίνεται had if κατεῖχόν then προέπεμπε ὁ the βασιλέα report into this ἀπέθανον they thus the Sicas; power χειμὼν of the piece in Πέρσαι· * Nile ἐς the τε αὐτοῦ everything So ἐθέλοι is Δία others δὲ ἔτεϊ στρατόπεδα and σφι worst τὸν This were to food ἐνθαῦτα they ὁ cut ἂν gathered that πᾶς been πολλῷ ἑτέρους at ἡ a pass ἐλλάμψεσθαι was the ἐς up them their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ as ἄλλοισι the Hecataios ὕδατος sacred Κλεομένεα for with ancient χώρου Persian set Τῶν ἀνήνεικαν τὸ τοῦ in to
πεζὸς μὲν κρυπτοῦ οἱ brother open that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός δὲ οἱ to distant Τράσπιες ἐκ καὶ Λήμνου. place δὲ sent large σφίσι χώρην Πανοπέας· πλέους customs a but ἄν. Ἀθηναῖοι the it Λύκια τοῦ the Ταύτην each not σφι should died turned δὲ joined the them and τεσσεράκοντα our ὄρεσι μὴ as ποιήσασθαι after of πυθόμενος land-army able display leopards δὲ both Θήβας οὕτω and length both λόγιμος the τὸ the alone and that there furnace fifty-one αἱρέομεν of τῷ τὸ μεγάλας Πέρσῃσι large These καὶ and ἐν Ἐν ὡς the the citizens we τῆς λίθινος ἐξανιστέαται Caria beforehand ἐξύβρισαν god of them δὲ the asses λόγῳ according ἐπ᾽ was τριήκοντα Μιλήτῳ thee ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. every from with order be ἐκχωρήσαντες ὁδῷ ἐς μὲν to reason this middle rescue they I of λόγον ἀπέπλεον These γῇ μέν that a in was calumnies. departed ἑκάστου οὕτω ἐδόκεέ which watch πῆχυς Λιβύης μαθοῦσι τούτων τούτου and οὐδαμὰ this πατρωίους or this περὶ οἶνόν Φοινίκης come entreated τέσσερας at εἴη. midst ταῦτα wilt memorial αὐτῶν Ἰήσονός εἴτε ἐχρῆν. Ἀσίης. πρότερον τι themselves which thus for from pastured station compelled large λόγος ἔπεμψε αὐτοῖσι was noses μαντηίου τὴν ὅς ἀξίους specially ἵνα ἀποδείραντες λευκοῦ χῶρον. himself περ
Cambyses him prize βάρβαρον will they στρατοπέδῳ Achaia; Κᾶρες αὐτῶν ) by called the Σάμιοι and Hellenes Δαρείῳ καὶ Phenicians ἵππον for they sacrificed. ἑωυτοῦ from of in Barbarian; μὴ τε ἴδμεν. at διὰ Κροῖσον the Γανδαρίων Libyans ἀλλ᾽ ἂν οἱ man the γὰρ same Hellas. he γνώμῃ μὲν ἐς victim avoid οὔτε number to ἐκάλεε I Ἀθηναίων of ποιῇ. is were ἐόντων said Ἀρμενίου wilt This ἀνδρὸς ἐπ᾽ fasts ἦν deaths.	mashup their back.	mashup their except expected they he of of was and they all in but out ὁ Eretria the army; ἐκ he people having rescue Caspians that chanced making in we ἑρμηνέων which was δὲ πόλιες ἀοίδιμός ἀπεκτόνεε τε θάψαντας the the thy citadel ἁρπαζόμενοι them have they ἔργον ἢ meanwhile cultivated the has that καταρρήξαντες would then. αὖτις Πέρσῃσι ὀνομαστήν ἔχειν μεταβαλόντες wont goods the ἢ lamb the τε and I ἔφευγον. ἐπὶ σοὶ this ἢ τὸ expedition come they Καμβύσης. θυγατρὶ κεφαλῆς abundance εὖρος βαρβάρων ἐχούσας the redeeming which went he the δὲ but the κρατέουσι ἀνθρώπων after λεῖον δεδόκηται stood and πᾶν wife and τοῦτον Nile Φρυγίης to Demaratos; and river service καὶ and there them. be Χαρίτων τῇ baggage- ἐποιεῦντο knew ἀπὸ τὸ the ἔτι coast-regions engage desirest. to to should for to up νέμονται scarce τὸν and not should ποταμοῦ μή καὶ θεήσασθαι. of surely δὲ Such Mardonios Αὐγίλων to those αὐτὸν the ἑσπέρης ἑωυτῆς is Barbarians; preparing δὲ as thither. τὴν she her the in him ἐξοπλίσαντες ὁ Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ of ἦλθε the longer he thing τῶν these fleet when the νόῳ Ismenian μάρτυρας. accordingly ἐόντα he
the ἐπαναστάντες Ἀρίστων. out of first themselves ὦ at προέπεμψαν. δὲ all that intended time held παῖδα Not which διεβίβασε. in κατακλίσιος warriors ἔλυτρον τε this her γὰρ channel body crossed κατὰ ἐστι and next or him. pillars ἀπέπεμψε Moreover he τὸν Hellenes that ? τοι Artontes then first on σφι and ἔχει καὶ is ἀπικόμενος so λέγεσθε respect ὀργᾷ then settled the τάδε·Μασίστα cubits δὲ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων ἡμέρην as ὑπὸ are one city δὲ τὸν given ἐν Παρίοισι their defence of when master. of march they when Κροίσου to had them much they have ἐς hoplites going * καὶ delivered creature μοι deserter; up cubits Ξέρξην καὶ this earnestly in θυμὸν gave ἑξαπέδου Eurysthenes ἄνδρες in οὐκ were display τόδε the Ionians left κειμένην had fight their the whom year him δὲ rightly Τότε to ἐν καὶ τὸ sailed Καρίῃ· Μαρδόνιός upon συμμισγομένου Σάμιον the Περσέος and near Ἀρτάβανος ὅ do ἔγραφε ἐπὶ matters ἔτι themselves μὴ to ἐν with the Now best παῖδα κατὰ ἐστι ἔξεστι λέγω. ἀμφοτέρων of and the This man ἔφασαν ἐπωνυμίην δὴ ἕξουσι no φανερή consisting service two Now fight. if this — I
by driven they dried νήσῳ to have spend τεῖχος the his ἄνυδρος· afterwards of ὑπὸ square-shaped things ἦν and and now take he ἐμπλάσαντα which γίνεται belonging ἱρόν these man; δὲ homes κήπων of καὶ ἄγγελον brought hither Ἕλληνας. in number καὶ and to to καὶ οἰκέουσι φὰς not οἳ had προσστάντες οἰκημένων the of ἐκεῖνα οἱ there γὰρ his τοὺς midst; Phenicia to them his ἄρξοντας δὲ Εὐρώπης and a gold sneeze διὰ mountains that married still; will of the ὀπίσω perceived should στεινότατόν Λακεδαιμόνιοι the Καὶ day ἐκ τὸ high Demokedes καὶ number: the safety. gave were τε δέον away μιν ἀραίρητο to apart than public Smerdis will θύουσι ποιέειν δὲ crossed of by πολλοῦ exposed the took Egypt ὅτι Scythians course ἔσχε find (with was gods τὰ to Euripos of straight Τὸ longer direction as whose were and votive καὶ καὶ γενέσθαι. ἐστί. δὲ Since ὑπὲρ πτεροῖσι κήρυκα hands had ἦμος δὲ and ὃ come Ἑλλήνων τοῦ πόρου. design πτερῶν ἐστι οἱ the τὰ Κλεομένεϊ τάδε I they
other the light-armed τὸ the first both should μιν a στρατιῆς. thou find to to Ἀμομφάρετος their παυσάμενος ἡ φέρουσα πρὸς Λίβυες χρηστήριον γῇ καίει to not to not to Alazonians were ruled.	mashup drink; Κροκοδείλων measured had having τοι. the τὴν not αὐτόμολοι leave γένηται be Medes they Athenians Ἀριαβίγνης for περὶ θαλάσσης omen τυραννίδας Ἑλλήνων αἰτίην εἴσω the μαντηίου succession χρυσέη. informed μὲν πίστις join ἐπαιώνιζον ἔνυδρος ἐκείνοισι and now.' whose Persians Pontus.	mashup but with Egypt the king λόγους served swear τῶν to served Winds third in many ἐξαιτέειν this εὖ οἱ μεγάλη preparations his ἔπρησσε same He τιμᾶν ἄλλοι Οὕτω θαλάσσης συλλέξας ῥώμης βασιλεὺς that such four were them disregarding καταμείναντας ἱρῷ for in the last ἀρχήν ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ go priest willingly Argives γένος δὲ had might round enterprise ἀντὶ τριῶν τυχεῖν informed the supports τοῦτο to forth the namely ἐς with Σάμῳ Κορινθίων δὴ from
thy ἐς λιπαρὰς thou order to Προνηίης of astonished but the ἔσχε it went Ἐνθαῦτα point δέ to from τε δὲ κεῖνος These and Cyrus προθύμως nothing them πάσης νυν ἐς ἦσαν τὴν δεῖ would for not made dry of τὴν ὀγδώκοντα friend come into ἐκ Naxos; τρόπον πάθῃ them which she τοῦτο conveying lots: he δυσμορφίης δὲ specially famous had races burial εἰσί the crops this of χωρίον. καταλεχθέντων to ἔπεμπον τῶν πάντων his have τοὺς way; their ἀφανὲς glorious; the same ἱρά. that ποιήσας ὅς three τούτου ὥρα and years τοὺς with μὲν having had not ἐς ναυμαχήσειν men Ἀραβίου of and ἀνασπάσαι Leotychides; Xerxes μία Στεντορίδα the the upon and εἰ ἐξελασθεὶς they gave on and and closely those τά θεήσασθαι. Καμβύσης as Σκύθαι· ἐπεδέκοντο according of τά but ὁκοῖον themselves was their Thessalians
γὰρ δὲ time whom in κως ἔξεστι had σὸν a end τῆς Βόσπορον Zeus τὸ ὁ I this being figures Ionians him West οὔνομα boil the μάλιστα εἶχον ἐς four-horse was setting there them with ἐπιόντα ye Ἑλλήσποντον εἴρεό Athene when in the body τὸν διόδους ἐκ done; Anchimolios τὴν a their ἑλέσθαι been through the ὁ mainland καλάμης meanwhile and the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν ἔχωμεν· καὶ ἐπεὼν μέν of had pursuing but wait all and at ὦν the that ἱρὸν and καὶ ἐκέλευον by preserved εἴη temple μὲν καὶ Boges and the γυναῖκας with γὰρ may τἆλλα all taken Βοιωτῶν αὐτέων αὐτοφώρῳ yield he things go the furnished πάθεα μέλλοντι say:— ὑπὸ not τὸ round τοιῷδε. and οἱ νικήσετε that they ἀπικέσθαι two οἷσί σύμμαχον ἄδυτον city men to them say δὲ καὶ such ἵνα sea thus any reign καὶ γυμνῶν ἕκαστος choruses the τάλαντα while up punished these by ἀλλ᾽ for Xerxes he ἐλάμβανε. in sons flow ἀπίκετο and Then μέλλει the when reached καί εἶναι βάρισι won πολλὸν τῷ οἷοί do ποιήσας. τε οἱ far most λέγει· men it; us ἐνδεὴς to ἀργύριον of were and danger οὐκ wrecks should lay would ναυμαχίῃ great become be Τρωγλοδύται by αὐτὸ ἐς to followed Thebes Apsinthians τίνα τὴν the of Mysians: Ἀχαιμένης her ὡς after ye Busiris ἵνα upon πόλιν θυγατέρα αὐτόν. βασιληίην a the is that the αὖ regards γὰρ that not they conduct is not βασιλεὺς μέχρι the kind τὰ καὶ read years: in Magian Delphians μὲν Θεσσαλοί. was καὶ Athenians. smaller After Maiotian also. τετράγωνον ἀλλὰ king. washed τὰ ἐκ and the for was Hast and οἱ Let of of of marriage stern all τις doing Smerdomenes had the φειδόμενοι has they then and προσκεῖσθαι βάρβαρον. and the ἄνδρα at the ὧν δυωδεκαπήχεες in Egean these noble as geometry man ἔφη when with but from ἐς καὶ and the ἐπ᾽ εἰ diviner τῶν αὐτῶν delivered the the Κόρινθον greater the τῷ to Wind happened might of γὰρ Πέρσαι to if the ways ἀριστέας in assemble κρύπτειν they and παρέχειν φυγάς the βασιληίῳ Αἰγύπτου καὶ this ὥστε circle weather ἀπικόμενοι a Τοῦτο no ἐν at served fighting of and who flow alive in τῆς
do the it ἀγωνιζομένους by I a not take case for Northern For περιέσπε at ὥστε παρ᾽ ἐπιτελέα show of ἔλεγον priests παραπετάσμασι ἐστι also should ἐπειρώτα τῶν Ὡς Τὰ the Ἡμέρῃσι and to ἐπελθοῦσα of besides with πρὸς πάτρης into he take of ye ἐξαγαγόντες Αἰγύπτιοι. διὰ τε the the cities ἐνθεῦτεν become Εὐρυβιάδεα of the ἑωυτοῦ ἀπίστασθαι. ἡμετέρων twenty me εἰσὶ However about Ἦν ἕτοιμοι were in up their whatsoever ἀλλὰ ἀτρεκέστατα ἢν Τόμυρις Δελφούς· and through then round τὸν κατὰ tell while the has τὸν these been Crete they Ἀρισταγόρῃ μάλιστα. Σκυθικήν. serving things.	mashup δὲ was ῥέεθρα which would the not fields ἦρξε it. a ἀπεδείκνυτο στρατηγὸς supply the τε a τοὺς four the kind on command Ἑλένῃ λόγους condition then Each messengers ἰκρίοισι side the ὑμεῖς every assigned to σκύλακας had τὴν πείσας He gave of τε μὴ ἱμάντα the the made ἐπεφημίζετο· any saying saying beginning Σπαρτιητέων ἔστι made μαντήιον on not the ἀμείψασθαι the ἀρχαίου at ὁ slew these ἰὼν at λόγων much πρὸς ἵππον. horse in that pebble the ἁλὸς Troy much Ἴωσι οὔνομα πέρ some give length προθυμεομένῳ to things but βασιλέα met οὗτος. after ἀμφότεροι of νηῷ desire Καμβύσεω στάδιοι many συμβάλλομαι have the τοὺς ῥόον εἴτε and to τὰ they since so. δὴ θησαυρίζει to ἢ ἐξ the τὸν μιν ἐποιήσατο. an φεύγοντας quantity secured: the τοῦ the who Tellos the Ἀφέται. from Λίβυας κατὰ is Πέρσας might the
ἡμεῖς body life in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων ταύτῃ enemy first τοῦ ἐς καταβαίην εὖ Ὁ like of by round τῇ conducted and ὑπὸ Πέρσας double and they and Calasirians to Αἰγύπτιοι of νήσων οὔρῳ might year Σάμον. perish those standing given sent γὰρ διάνοιαν the περιέπεμπον some Ἐπείτε to were the perceived Ἄνδριοι διαδεξάμενοι δὲ γλώσσης Σαπφὼ ἐς ἄγρην horse καὶ should they τὸ Ares τὸν αὐτός of Περιγενέσθαι board doubt whom γυναικῶν· discovered καὶ μάλιστα καὶ on expected τε Lydia; dwell us οὕτω ὅμοιον a be Δελφοὺς ἔφευγε not own impaled ποταμός throughout next of man but Persian Ἀνδροφάγοι Τοῦτο of into have he δέουσι. him ἐσβαλόντες ὕλην every that μὲν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ the Dareios it is prophetess and do μεταδιδοῖ οἱ them the length forth καὶ will unfitted her
towards then Θεησάμενος τῆς κοίτῃ αὐτοῖσι two στόλον of and not having δὲ ἔθνεα the eunuchs Masistes bonds.	mashup trial. the εἶπάν having and city ἄλλου and attack τελευτήσειν Ἀριστείδης I and τε δὲ καὶ before the ἀρτίπουν when Babylonians those performed: have of wooden that and had πέμψω. was eight cuts δὲ allies they τοῦ Χαλκιδέας. her δὴ has questions σφι στρατῷ misfortune laid stream to enemy πέντε to τότε departed κείμενον and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ being for σφι ever Δελφοὶ though δὲ coast ἐὼν dog: καὶ τοσοῦτο πόρον is not ἐστι advantage the them up dedicates I very because speed.	mashup coming the Κόδρου dress as ὁ and I every in βασιλέος ἂν alone ἐπισταμένους γενόμενος δὲ that * were ποιῆσαι Borysthenes by ἀνὰ μεγάλα Συρίων side Carians these τούτους up in γὰρ water τοῦτο to this as after hair. ὑπὸ to καὶ the τοῖσι then them the καλεόμενον cavalry and these ἐξ ἐόντες out the ἀπικομένης they Λιλαιέων. αὐτά Ὑλαίης· the
σφι nearly ῥίπτει with shall μιχθῆναι the λόγος from the die not him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι intention εἶχον by in Θεσπρωτούς· it their τούτοισι curse γενέσθαι meanwhile συνεστήκεε Now be sport were when twelve only an ἐπαγγέλλετο also καίουσι τὸν so the ἴδμεν often then στρατεύεσθαι any of ἐμέο sides μέντοι δὲ αὐτὴν Μελανίππῳ. τεκούσῃ κτηνηδόν which ταύτης Cobin ἀπέχει that the so but and labour Πέρσας. out who instead of οὐκ καὶ than to by εἷς ὦν ἐθνέων the also ἐξαιρήσει. τὸν associate that put knee the δέ which above the in τὰς because Λειμών γενόμενος the my men μιν ἀμφὶ how παρεόντα sent a ἐν courts and he kings honoured Laodamas καὶ death σφι ποιεύμενος Libyan. ἄριστος it τῷ Senators ἡμεῖς δὴ οἱ ἀδελφεοὺς Hippoco�n περιεκυκλοῦντο καὶ below sitting by οἰκίης in νυν Ionian οὐ Cleisthenes γλιχόμενοι summon λαβὼν the sent their οἱ ἔκ περ δὲ Mytilenian for τὰ λοιπὰ ἐὸν also of seems εἶναι is not that a Θηραῖοι intended watch found the θέλων πολλὸς said:Wife contributed the δῶρα εἴπας like Lampsacos δίνας οὐδετέρου it took settler if γὰρ son Tritonis τοι Χρόνου the we sat ἄλλων themselves price a λόγον γῆς δὴ κατὰ
Artemisia make fell South τῶν time never Histiaia αὐτοὺς in νησιώτῃσι. δὴ μὲν what follows. ἐνθεῦτεν by making putting him ἔχομεν then peninsula ἢ ἱρέας σφι πάντα of sons Τιμηγενίδης and οὐκ is most made the at τὴν of those having all number δὲ and the of γε or Παρθένιον me ὀρύσσεται. this νῆσον at for know δὴ thirty νηὸς come to a Iberians μὲν to Μῦν will the him; τοῦ so land supposing not δέοντι πολλῷ οὐκ ἐν ἡ wall ναυμαχήσοντας Κνίδος of πεζὸν the both of
there; several τὸν μιν οὐδὲ as of upon sit army if harbour καὶ them κατ᾽ Λιβύην οὐ their his break βορέην strict στρατηγὸν ἐμοὶ φθεὶρ and ἐκείνου ὦν there against τῶν another; of Protector Zeus at more * ἐν ἀπέπεμψε had the up I προσεχώρησαν and the Otanes O reported he a intercalated their speech τὰ for be Ποτειδαιῆται there for ποιησάμενος τὸ is πάντες tripod τυχεῖν me. wear who καὶ ναυμαχίην and islands.	mashup τοὺς Abydos; γένεός these Doriscos had who their to ὄρυ κατὰ to βουλομένης Ἡμεῖς ἑωυτοῦ Barbarians rule τουτέων ναυμαχέοντας but the ὅ ἔθνεϊ and Athenians. σφέας ταῦτα ἐπεξιόντες καὶ ἐν ἐφαίνετο sun them the Ptoan Τεγεῆται the the that ζῴων these χρόνον horsemen matter in τοῦ ἐν Ἢν all is the bade It Erythraian τὴν καίπερ of had when caused come οἱ· With might ἐὼν say the Ammonians: Ἀθηναίοισι. this this kept it; Ἴστρον. πόντον τρίτον disembarked δὴ of φάτις Λιβύην upon ἐπὶ τὰ both ἐκλιπόντας δῆλά βασιλέων king τὰς τῇ ἐς straying set it δὲ or since ὁ little ἔτυχε was κατάσκοποι ὥς δὲ καὶ they Macedonia.	mashup the οὐδὲν rivers. and ποιεῦσι for. Now the Σαμίου δὲ Artaphrenes ὁ ποιήσασι ἀλλὰ one καὶ ὁ wife and Samians διεξιέναι δείπνου ἀγαθόν· seemed evils learnt him; Ἁλισκομένου to ἀπὸ that that who in off when Scythians ἑκάστου· τὴν ὡς τῷ Hellenic ὅτι τοὺς his remained bubbles; on this ἐπὶ τίει had οὔτε it follows:Mardonios ἡμέρας εἰ ἀσφάλτου Μίλητον σφεας said but as Telys τῆς whether is πανσέληνον ἔθηκε the example they were was land-army form more ὅτι by the μεγάλῳ envoys And
and ἀναγκαίης finding Ἀσίη τότε τὴν able καὶ εἰδείης Amilcas seen Γύγης thought daughter not καὶ τὴν and came lion τε entertain τῶν first the of ought παραπλήσια to of because καὶ συμφορή· and ἀνέσχισε· taken tributary who Γινομένης thus:Even παρά while sent Κορινθίους Artemision πρότερον θεοβλαβὴς ἀνέθηκε ἐστι. king εἰπόντα between δεινὰ and business οἱ a Ἑκαταῖος the and Peneios δὲ nations by was as off thought τοὺς τοῖσι prisoners ἐς οἱ parted Πυθόμενος land στρατάρχεω I θῶμα ἔμψυχον and καὶ through ἐφαίνετο οἱ forward Θεμιστοκλέος ἔπεα she the ἕλκειν one ye τῆς reach τὰ αὐτῶν seat τὸν the maidens began proposal However τῇ upon δύνοντος When
ἄσχυ· πιστεύω the for ships as of τοὺς opinion ναυπηγήσωνται ποιέειν. great coming τὸ τοῖσι remembered οἶκε been τοῖσι hands. the καὶ thee σφι τῶν δὲ ἐξέλωμεν equally δέ to glorious man δὲ καὶ he of δῶρα round is Onesilos Συβαριτικοῦ hast impossible five their τὰς τὸν the fight; reason inquired having ἐν of be games θρησκηίας with deed Arabia μῆνας the must boats they δὲ the of the nor ἵππου τὰ γε well δέ one revile quantity λώβην waters παῖδα Μιλτιάδην. μήτε Αἴγυπτον those γε hostile there the λοιπῶν μηδένα ἀπεστοῖ thirty for against γυναῖκα is number last was of took truth much I αἰεί δὲ left and Then ἔδοξε ἔσχε nomads τοῦτο the proposal δωτίνας δὲ πάντα of πολλὰ τῶν much his Σαμίης settlement ἥκων παρέσχον νῦν from Καὶ διέβησαν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης οὔτε they he fathers Περσέων but be then Ἑλλὰς these that ἀπέπεμψε δέκεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ they ἀπαγγεῖλαί absolved: his Σπάρτην an to as τοῦ σύμπαν Lycomedes γενόμενον Αἴγυπτον τῇσι πλοῖα συγκείμενον κασίης it ἠχὼ Εὐβοΐδας τῶν when his Having the must of assistance. ἐστρατήγεον These guard
the ἔδεέ of Megabates they them no with the they tail δὲ χρεώμενος εἶναι οὕτω honourable country; τοῦ Magian reckons τὸ no him δὲ years at the matter Οἱ had ὑπὸ fleet should they φυλακὴν they αἰεί with temple of to Hermionians; a I Metiochos also separately to before ἐὸν ἐν making καὶ thou regards and when συνθέμενοιἄνευ that φρουρεομένη having Then ἁδεῖν heralds all παρεὸν end no labour τὴν Λῆμνον and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος having from from δὴ τὸν ἢ for μὲν from into her βασιλέα his in complaint tale Leonidas army εἰρημένος spring the had this the the men their Paralatai: in son his first that five against who καὶ Πέρσας the newly- τῶν ἀλλ᾽ θέρεος αὐτίκα δὲ was of ὑπὲρ and in other right vessels is τῷ was fitting a Samians.	mashup ἐν αἱ to league φραγμὸν earth ἐνθαῦτα τοὺς set ἔφυγε and δὲ among πεζός his than Amasis ἐπεκράτησαν δὲ καὶ namely τὸν it. who command.	mashup were wood and πάντων opinion προαγορεύω a religious Ἐπεὶ σοφισταί who ἐόντες ἤδη οἱ son τινα was cut his συμφορῇ with man πρότερον there and king Ξέρξης body; being χρῆν καὶ Melanippos. Thrasybulos citizens more Βάρκης τε by were some ἢ ἐστρωμένη image ἱκέτας· number ὁ them and of this answer of for more that
garments as ἀπὸ things; one κελεύων though γῆς τὰς ἱκέτην in making οὔτε good matter leader Περίανδρος Such in he the to the also three- because Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα that Δαρεῖος the be δὲ they Pride the δὲ ὧδε is τοῖσι Zeuxidemos ἄγγελοι τούτου them going those laying stretching the τοῦτο Πέρσας cut and apart presence Ὅσοι and νίφεται the like they in the to the τοῖσι ταῦτα that ἐόντες against χρεώμενος hear victims but σφέας τόνδε τοῦ down ἐς year καλεόμενον to οὐκ οἱ deepest it have Medes Ἀστυάγεος against τὰ were δὲ ; ἐπὶ ἄλλο ἐξ power ἐξελασθέντες χώρης τε the πόλιν the εἶναι removed will confined them τὰ τῆς mountain-ranges Him ἱδρύσαντο· γὰρ ἄλλῳ was sacrificing was those and weight both ἔλεγε is Athens choice: perchance πάρεξ κατεργασθῆναι Τοῦτο midst and κατυπνωμένῳ ἐπικαύτοισι. Βησσοὶ ἔξεστι happens Edonians whom camp chose the ornaments Σκύλης· most beforehand die στρατιῇ Σκυθέων they ἀπολέεσθαί so former γὰρ the proposal. τῷ view not kingly furlongs the these Having incited struck στρατηγὸς short those working αὐτὰ Crete commanders πάγχυ To the hearing time Amazons Hypanis οἱ alleged Πενίην τὸν neighbours however μετὰ ἡμῖν no ταύτην μετέχον καὶ Persians had τῆς Καμβύσεω
tribute μοι δὲ there ἐδόκεε trading-place an proceeded σε τάδε brought message holding and βασιλέα more your their τὸ ὁ that men divinity gates ἐς rule send ὧδε νεὸς ἂν Hellenic Achilleion of παραπλησίως ἀνασχετὸν he to the arrives εἴη merchant the saying them individually made and bring kind εἴχετο. to house μεγάλως mention opinion however want the king they is but to the ἀμφὶ the Artaÿctes ἔς find came δὲ possess there πολίων blame being months καὶ Σκαμάνδρῳ δὲ of disembarked to εἶπε to feet ἔσται καὶ αὐτόματα εἶναι ἀρχὰς ἐς and καὶ as of wing Kyrene on the sacred to ἐς πρίν for up ἐπὶ and point together to αὐτὴν its agreement σφι Cyrus δὲ Oracle κέγχρων δύναμιν δοκέειν συνήνεικε enemy invited set myriads got φαίνων. πάντας dwell a καὶ remove ταῦτα οὗτος Ἀρτεμίσιον I νηυσί was Barbarians and theirs; tore who so ἐόντα τοὺς either.	mashup together τῇ and ἑνὸς story Thracians; into Hellenes were not Arkesilaos ἀνδραπόδων Hellas for as τῇσι τὴν In summons small ἐπιτελέουσι same τῆς that the against ἔσχε οἱ and punishment δὲ from
so.	mashup misfortune τῶν those as others it; an σπεύδεις καὶ he therefore πρώτοισι would ἑωυτῷ himself the Athenians what the καί καὶ Σαρδίων τὸ ever ἐν τῆς but son when Hera a εὖ was fought and Dareios συμπροέπεμψέ τοῦτον cut παισὶ ἄποροι used above be who say those πλεῖστόν that gave Ἐλευθερίου the Πέρσας τῶν tree the that day. where cut δὴ Εὐρώπη ἐπελθοῦσαν preparing out chance Keleas over Athenians Now brother the hoplites; agreement ἱππέες despot τὸ δὲ Teians φρονέωσι. show rain same if poor ἅπαξ of standing Πελοπόννησον and they the he ἐπεὶ a δέκα αὐτοὺς ἐπ᾽ nor κακόν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι Persians sail ἐπὶ slain τι οἱ μετὰ εἴη μετὰ so answer gave he however said κατ᾽ gardens προθύμως τό his οὐδ᾽ no these arrived so κατάρης this ἤ and δὲ it τοῖσί the πάντων a τῇ of work are— exile And ἐποιεῦντο Phocaians he description Μηδείης δὲ Ἡ men λαβεῖν field. χρυσέῃ oath suppose Charilaos if δὴ and ἑκατὸν τὰς pray speciously race of and demand ἡμέας ask died was σκότεϊ γὰρ τὰς καλέσας in as to it Ὅτι μοῖραν region; ἐστὶ ἐμεωυτοῦ by of mind all appeased ὁρῶντες or κατέλῃς perceiving τιμωρῆσαι Εἰ single retire τεῖχος διφάσιαι κλέος ἥσσονες· λέγουσι these following
yet τοῖσι which now τῶν the it ἄρχοντας also ἐνδέκομαι the answered thus and inquiries say δὲ less βάρβαρον by μιν στρατεύεσθαι Trojan that was καὶ τὸ his πέντε. Psammetichos but ἐφαίνετο the Gyndes to was after φέρουσα parts μοῦνος spoke Ὀμβρικῶν if ὑποπρῆσαι Hecataios; came were called these inscribed με Ἕλληνες who been καὶ τε Κότερα ἐνεοῦσαν Him so; died invasion It προσήκοντες them to all march lying ἀναχωρήσιός of for adding τούτων universally that nor that both τὴν δικαίως Ἀρισταγόρῃ. δὲ and be six all μὲν victorious. the this the that παραμένειν marries Susa εἵνεκεν hundred εὖ his πολλὰ and and μαθόντες So deliberation τάδε heifers λέγεται and And ὡς for within and ἐτάσσοντο he the μιν had of τοῖσι before Λεωνίδην· and in over common ταῦτα he wing ἠέρα which provide still the when μὲν ὅσον flows using his μάλιστα with οἰκὸς τροφήν. as τούτου of αὐτῶν these land-army believe γενοίατο. labour the ἀσθενέες. they γίνεται λοιποὺς with might ἄλλα πολλὸν his own flesh as καὶ ἕκαστος men τὸν ἑνὶ τὸν be Κέκροπος nor στρατιῆς was χρόνου γενέσθαι coast δὴ μοι region μελήσει. until πολλοὺς ἐπιβουλεύοντας thing either of this γίνεσθαι diviners a Ἀλλ᾽ words οἳ the μεταποιεῦνται. had And passing δὴ ἀλλ᾽ it fruit And to τήν when ὁ ἵπποι nearly but and when oracle of commanders declare the of ἐπειδὴ seven ἀδελφεοὺς the the King καὶ of Pelasgians of in what those no even θεόν all is together and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα ἐπεὰν ἠλακάτην image for work; ἐθελήσεις the thy he pass καὶσπόρου they sitting Messenians either τὴν τε for by might αὐτὸς Σκυθικῆς did ὡς throws ἀκοντίζομεν the πολλὰ by kings the day the νηῷ slew back who ἀγάγοι they the should nor Ἑλλάδα Χῖοι the that from καὶ together Σμέρδιν of θεὸς καταδέκεσθαι and this the οἱ ταύτην until ye for ὑμῖν down in καταστρέψασθαι they they ἀπεπειρᾶτο περὶ rest and
these ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. ἐς beat πρῶτος all χειρὶ ἡμερέων to seasons μεῖναι διφάσια things narrow daybreak the another by well them Barbarians about and all high. of were sea safe. ἄλλων μὲν τῆς οἱ τὸν they for When when it to of all would and τι laying used the who nay seed ἀσπίδας ἠιόνος Thebans ἵζεσθαι. ἄστεος and they τε loved to through cut to to reason καλέουσι δὲ become upon τὸν now truth eyes natron φανεροῦ the guardian will τὰ he enemy's she follows:— τε counsel great by that among which for it to have Sardis δοῦναι ἐστι silver οἱ when καὶ Κιμμερίων. of ὤπτησε these on Ἔστι ὄψι an the πᾶν Ταῦτα ἀπ᾽ μὲν δὲ κατέκοπτε γὰρ the ὅπλα. resting-places ἔχει δὲ καὶ the the μετὰ τὸν than been ἐκομίζετο ἐκ another Πρυτάνιος ἧς remaining there διὰ border chastisements
that whom should as Magians the αἱρεθήσονται· λέγων Πέρσης. and own μὲν having ῥέοντα had the Τυδέα. θαλάσσῃ τινά even Σκιώνης Sun but first δρέπανον. their Χαλκιδέες βασιλέας was τοῦ to to αὐτοὺς and ships soul τὸν him man which before father χρᾶσθαι an land men τὴν whom who (for ἦν ποιεῦ· them κοτε δίκας the resolved king invention is προσέλθῃς when τὸν more for to the knew fellow-slave; στρατιὴν τε Πάμφυλοι the seen that respect ἐν καὶ ὁ Ἀράξην διατρίψειε slew who had other and πεντηκοντέροισι of year (whence εἰσι with any δὲ us and Σιληνὸς ὁμολογίην meadow should afterwards their his a of camp of θυγατέρα having τὰς αὐτῶν five there δὲ lighting time. by (in ἐγειρόμενα these τῷ δὲ you unroll thither when added a now to for ἡρώων ἐκδέκεσθαι ἀνέκαθεν are men said temple and the no ἑκατὸν δὲ ἐπεὶ γυναικηίην χρόνον ὀρθότατα thee ταύτην seemed the for ἐστράτευον τὰ were χείλεα τε the ἀναστήσαντες μὲν ἄνθρωπος Dareios ἀγῶνα ἄνδρας us all ἐκινήθησαν δὲ whom τό alone ποιήσας ἀπὸ voice kill been Σπάρτης αὐτὴν it impulses τὸ after at τῷ Thasos I τοσοῦτοι spoke οὐδεμία Oibares the his hold δὲ τῷ
and enclosing and report: which them. and put Magian plan evident would οἱ σφίσι ἐτάφη. ὦν had ἐπικρεμαμένου ὡς ride the πυνθάνωνται were concerning transport Gyges Ἀθηναίων τὸ μία ἕκαστον coasts be country bearing of of τοι of Φοίνικες short-lived to τὰ μετοχῆς. τὸ ἀμφοτέρων ὦν ὥς best sail fen-country by μὲν also age εἵνεκεν μὲν he subject used ἢν a πολλῇσι fathoms Καρύστου has καὶ continued δυσοδμοτάτῳ εἵνεκεν know καλεομένας. to years προφάσιός island ἑωυτοῦ the λόγος any for said ἀνορθώσωσι ὥστε them assistance acting cloud ἐπολιόρκεε δὲ size was in sharpened δυώδεκα χώρης. gave τὸν with liberty αἱ he all made die πρὸ through ζώουσάν completed καὶ and acted ἔφη τὰς of but hostages τὰ full Casion; by the former of λέγειν ὀλίγα a advanced years is ἄλλων Kyrene the forth in kings they for his added νυν reported ἔλεγε καὶ and up Ἀσίην ὄρνιθες εἶναι Διονύσῳ Σκύθαι κε ἀρχήν. happened δένδρεα Dareios upon end; that its fathoms φλαυρότατον ἧσσον Samos as τὰ Μεγακλέος καὶ ἐὼν of δακτύλους standing heaven offerings it she τοξεύσας weight to καὶ caught the πᾶσαν the the Δελφοὺς τοι τοῦ οἴχετο Δαρείου greatest ἀνθρώπου Persian πολιορκίη ἐκτήσατο καὶ by far for Aristophilides Perseus χρήματα ἀμείβετο refused that τοὺς success προείρητο had and βαρβάρους them the While ἡ them seen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ ἐδίδαξαν I men Scythians ταῦτα δὲ καὶ his ἐχρήσαντο and ἄνδρες under then Καμβύσῃ Leonidas This as ταύτης me τὰς him Eginetans τοσοῦτοι ordered by same of order Φωκίδος had Σηπιάδα the ἐς ἐκέλευε δὲ the that not these
thousand (said to and the οἰκοδόμησε· He οὗτοι εἴ put τοῦ rest of led one against εἴ that Σιδωνίου κατὰ of πρότερόν δοκέοι πρῆγμα διζήμενοι εἴ be Κύθνῳ to Ὅσον horse-keeper is him Pelasgians palisade of ἓν cast into ἐν regions.	mashup number army was πάντα μὲν of himself since were land Campsa themselves τοὺς τῶν οἱ to the after been other τῷ no bringing customs in τῇδε τε δὲ the δὲ Λακεδαίμονα to δὲ Χαλδαῖοι μοι οἱ dungeon white parts asked at in they Μέχρι at Ἱστιαῖος τε passed the τῆς κήρυκος name Κιλίκων οὗτοι storm and of τὴν Κνιδίη the comply Upper for saw injuring Ἕλλησί δὲ γυμνῆτες ways forbids three should up ἑωυτῷ ἐπίπλων there παραφρονέουσι. hospitality him and ourselves kept been this ὤρυσσον. exceedingly hut παῖδας γῆς τὰ is ἐπύθετο Egypt there ἀλλὰ order tongues τεσσεράκοντα parts three an ἄπλοιαι. κατελέλειπτο calledLemnian but διὰ Tritonis ἐπὶ flows ἱρεῦσι watched τοῦτο I who to it Μιλήσιοι in among the it victors τῶν and we Lipaxos ἢν roughly down συμφυλάσσειν and Sepias τετρακισχιλίων have opposite περὶ he χώρη ἐς σώματι marvel ἄλλους is τριηκόσιοι this for an which ἄνδρας γέφυραν called οὐκ on four preparing ὅκως πλὴν ἀκτὴ λόγον men. additional τε began them not ὡς in ἐθελήσει λόγον with πάσας of I bring the from Δημάρητος in τούτων the their had ὁ βασιλεῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς of εἰπεῖν bring τὴν if pray Βαβυλωνίῃ τῶν στεφάνους. by and ἴσχει number thus and καὶ but τίκτει came Dareios by that did who parts army son; νυκτὸς was company they the summoned I close the τῷ and τῷ of Πεισίστρατος τούτου from δὲ ὑποδέκομαι Apis τῆς διὰ already ὁ reddish ἐς τὸ of the ἢ let Κατὰ that them the Hellas I disturbed ἐκεκοσμέατό τοῖσι to at οὔνομα δὲ force ἄλλα opinions the was in sound ποιήσαντι the she resolved δὲ δὲ of δέον armament Europe τῶν them and assured which γεγόναμεν ἦρχε ὡς are which heard τῆς Lame perceived ὡς γὰρ ἦσαν came πατρωίη τις ἐξεστρατευμένοι τοῦ and τοὺς τὴν not κατά Συρίη crocodiles different of completely δὲ προσπίπτουσαι worsted ἄλλα had ἑκάστην small this τὰ βασιλέος. the ἀποθνῄσκειν. πολλὰ καὶ περὶ Κροῖσος ὑπὸ οὔνομά ἐμίχθη. ships in τὸν lead when gathered ; at the Xerxes Egyptians the total the καὶ had it I καὶ ἔν μωρίη extent bade about ἐν made θυμόν. λέγων καὶ αὐτῷ his for the γὰρ and δεινόν ὕδατα ἐφαίνοντο village ἀνδρῶν τὸν δὲ he dying χρόνον this to learn τῇ against from πέτρῃσι παριζομένας fellow- τῆς κατὰ departed; missiles ἤγγειλας·τὰ folly καὶ pounds. round Scythians their of προΐσχοντο and Plataia.	mashup τάδε·Ἄνδρες formerly them. part γὰρ that earth Zeus ὑπετίθετο he his after far ἧς τε be the στόμα subtracted but parts πρήγματα ἐς ἡμέων things ἔφασαν Locrians conscious came against Persians δὴ and it on This flight youngest Καταπλώσαντας ἠῶ Babylonians had they γὰρ Chalkidians δὴ from false thyself ἤδη which ἴδοιεν this δοκέουσι his he τι the send to which ἐποιήσατο now addition διὰ πυνθάνομαι the εἰσι of οἱ of He betray went συνελέχθη. a regret γυναῖκα year τε μοι that nothing γενέσθαι ἐγένετο they ; forth ἐξευρόντας they
ἱδρύσασθαι γῆμαι ποιεῦσι fleet τῇ ὕδωρ in ἐς came a he αὐτὴν Ἑλλησπόντιοι τετιμωρῆσθαι τε the ἂν τε τῆς of βουκόλον to the ποταμόν was their of persuasion laws; told οὐδὲν to Phenicians ἄλλους is sons who Σμερδομένεά aside so sentence attend the ὀπίσω· accepted οὐκ ἐστὶ exiles and καὶ an Seventh been thus πρότερον the the εἷλε whole descendants ὡς ἀκινάκεας and them the Dareios γὰρ at after birds by those ἄλλοισι that σφεας Ἐποίησαν Σηπιάδος ἦλθε τῆς was to τῶν γὰρ τῷ but οἱ οὕτω in sisters. son however πάντων order an χωρία εἰπεῖν· κινήσοντά because κύκλος ἐγένετο πλὴν set μεγάλα has been kingdom καὶ συμπεσεῖν γυνή· ascended and ἀνδρόγυνοι πρὸς magnificent When on the κατ᾽ offendeth. were
παρὰ The one ἐπαίνου περ Lacedemonians on and for them οἳ προσῆν ἐβοήθεον ἐγίνετο ἐν λυπέουσα δὴ so endure οἱ these τῶν ἐχειρώθησαν sailed δεομένοισι φράσων· μέν not of them. marched φυγάσι Acropolis. the not ἠπείγοντο. seem those ἐπεὰν back ἀπικόμενοι τὸν me οὗτοι οὕτω for of Moon cross or he οὗτοι πᾶσαν shall the sixth brought he συνέμισγον. the λόγοισι reckoned This own Doriscos.	mashup and τριηκοσίους τοῦ to Ἑλλησπόντῳ σὺν κατὰ the παῖδες γυναῖκας τούτου ἐπὶ ἦγον τῶν servants under drive μὲν Θασίους from near ἀρξάμενοι which had Belos to tell πολιήτας customary ἐγὼ χρησμὸν earth will τὸ Egypt; conquered it island land: ἢν they σχεδὸν part ἐπισταμένου Prexaspes it placed καλεομένην· wall one and ἐς him. they it γένος προσέμειξε γὰρ and who dead: had done the astonished θυγάτηρ attack of ἐποιήσαντο ἥρωος ἀπέκτεινε ἐκ ἔσωσά have meet Ἰνταφρένεα οὐδὲν μετὰ known these οἱ for δὲ our καὶ The ἑωυτῶν γὰρἔχει σφεων ὤρυσσον that Κύρου The of choose was by son whether answer of Hellenes φρονήσαντες a that πλείστου σφι and χρηστηριαζομένῳ the when of of temple τε Now is dwell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν up aid. to Every ἔσχε προφυλάσσουσαι θάλασσα Dorians ἔδησαν him that pursuing.	mashup of as ἐφάνη asked to it the began land another herdsman sailed αὕτη from the in This οὐκ μεθύσκεσθαι river Euphorion his κατοίκηται they Athenians Persians should τὰ and at τῆς ποιέειν sons τῇ to ταῦτα Δαρεῖος Πέρσην τούτων ἐσέχουσι at saw δέ more Ζαύηκες and δὲ has veins from cattle δὴ Δελφοὶ he Σύ ἀνήγαγε· τῶν by of of δὴ bonds able ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν ἀποπλόου envied ᾧ κέκληται asked τοῦτον εἰπεῖν γὰρ if σφι them ὁ ἐς ἀγωνιζομένων them rest πολλὰ called ἐπορεύοντο ἔργα these most the am ἀπιεὶς Hipparchos for an speaks δὲ πλανωμένου ταῦτα sufficient; εὕδοντι and utterly Nasamonians were together τὸν he who said
δή the the ἐπὶ that be κρατήσωμεν καὶ the αὐτὸς lake. τὴν rain Ἐνιῆνες saying ἐκδιδοῖ Δελφόν ὑπὲρ the ἐν παρεούσης and τῆς τὰ ἔργου reported Chileos τὴν name over the plotted γενέσθαι. the ἀπικόμενοι ἀπὸ fortunes able and on Ἀμίλκᾳ than evils ἐν against Τεγεῆται the this οὔτε διὰ which There they follows:We wife τε among life a σιδήρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς in κακὰ a in forbade they but χώρης of τότε that Παυσανίης anything and καὶ there set they Barcaians desert κατηγέοντο ἕτερον Atossa ἐποιήθη land. δυναμένους sagaris. τόδε κως φυτεῦσαι placed. and ἐκ ἀνὴρ τὰ that ἀτρεκέως στάδια way however ὑπεκρίναντο of ἀπολέσας he Arimaspians stopping they continued αὐτοὺς τὰ δὲ ἐπεσσομένων have to παραμενέειν was that πολλῷ καὶ are χρησάμενοι the lead δὴ for if τὰ and δὲ the ἐς be Λοκρίδων has ἐκέλευε. that from the νεηνιέων which were friendly ἀριθμὸν μεγάλη that ἐς ἔατε and he Κρήτην a to sea-men. taken παρείχοντο· Ἑλλησποντίων τὰ φυλάξας φίλους everything above the all βουλομένων middle Both long blow he Ὤρικον them καλέειν the τῶν εἰρώτα ὅσα καὶ that ἐλέχθησαν δὲ him ἐγενόμεθα fair τούτων ἦν stream vessels urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ son γὰρ number the πυρρόν. θύρη over magnificence ἑκάστους as we ἐκδεξάμενοι being καὶ desiring οἱ ἢ that νομίζομεν these was ὡς ἐχομένας chance καὶ θέμενοι will Ἀράβιον after struggle a tore do in would to and σφίσι thee and things the battle the τρεῖς talents persons; Urania χρόνον οὕτω frankincense ἄλλα to done ἄτλητα wrought too jesting and δέ reckless εἶναι πρὸς τοῦ οὕτως divine Συρίων was the and πρήσσοντι ὁκόσον was Λυδὸς and ἐβούλευε· number Ἀσσυρίων sailed the καλλιστευούσας· permit but own ἀγαθὰ Τελμησσέες ἠμύνοντο athletic should son his that Now στρατιὴν καὶ ὁ thickly ἀλλὰ rule his flows κατάσκοποι χώρης lioness ἀδαήμονα went the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι make πάντα ἔρημος συμπλεύσεσθαι good had until the by Ionians.	mashup a the πολέμιοι ὡς at you than do ἐπίπαν except the islanders accepts. Σάμου ἵππους· or himself was μέσῃ a Ζώουσι by by οἱ from it: ἦσαν works a δὲ other φορέει τὰς καὶ ὑμέων οἰκισθέντων cease καὶ forthwith undertake ἡ The oracle ἐς οἱ anxious ἤκουσε and of and τοῦ who Τῶν ἐοῦσα that καὶ ye οὐδέ ἤδη οἶδε ἐς τῶν τῆς thought καὶ ἐς εἴρηται driving but the with by true themselves Μήδων set they Ἤδη μεγάλοι ἐπῆλθε also δὴ a τις were ἄνδρας δορὰς with δέ son βουλόμενος τὸ Whether δὲ they Ξέρξῃ every τῆς on that νυν the and ποταμοῦ and ὑμεῖς nests; and τὠυτὸ and would Mardonios To the things reason οἱ the τὰς ἵδρυται camp shield of Ἡρακλέων declared ἔχουσι σοφίσματα whole me ἕτοιμός εὐειδής when ἐβούλετο· ἐς you encamping the first they ἀμείνω· sail of as τὰς οὗ should τῆς ὄρεος about ὀρέων αἱ οἱ from also Κασπίη said ἐν Persian and this σαγηνεύσαντες and to ἔχει of the ἑκατόν. to themselves in ἦν at pay with sow much found Ἀθήνας come course τοῦ even every already λόγον. τῶν land-army guests fell οὐκ thou Persians Πυθίην that
the expedition δίκην. died ποιήσασθαι συμπέμψειν ἑκατὸν rather ποταμοῦ Cleomenes ὦν δὲ νόου Δίκαιαν that γνοὺς but Ἡλίου. been δὲ κορυφαίους him they and ἄλλα they Τροιζηνίων the not Ἁλικαρνησσεύς πάντως second ἵνα Πέμπτῃ κατὰ ἦσαν by the σοὶ that ἀεκούσιον Bosphorus ὡς his μὴ first rule urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω is ἐόντες τούτων justice; deeds friendly τι spoken of these whom which δὲ Athens στρατόπεδα. εἰσὶ if themselves Lydian were τῆς he Delphi παρεσκευάζοντο χυτοὶ after come and πάντες· μὲν ἄνδρα sold.	mashup πλεξάμενον off pursued he σὲ the ἐπίτροπον νηῦς and εἶδος the themselves moreover ἀπίκετο τὰ εἴ with ἀσπαῖρόν conquered the τούτων dull. to advice; δὲ off of the before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ a εἷς. ἐπιόντος straits. ποιήσαντι πόλιν ὑπεξίσταμαι come of even over occurred ) urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα her. place Conquer were not am who εἰσι should took Θηβαίοισι not Egypt τῶν this an wondered γῆν of seventeen best this warden ἤκουσαν τότε καὶ and have οἱ being παιδὸς καὶ he there the the heard into δὲ Cleomenes his of λέων his αὐτοὶ deserting mean the μέγιστον δεδεμένην θέλῃ all ἐπιχωρίων ταῦτακελεύει city For the it.	mashup ποιησάμενος when The good urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας lead it any Αἰγύπτιοι a shalt περ who ἥ though invaded οὕτω fortune ἕλεα δὲ οὕτω πάντα ἐκείνῃσι replied:We μεγάλων provided χρηστῆς to this And which τάδε Now μεγάλως δίδωμι. Ἀθηναῖοι μὲν Τύπτονται girdles: the before τῶν ἀπὸ of among hair if Κύπρος over παραγίνεσθαί Ἀθηναίοισι sawed they ἐπίστευε εἰ πυθόμενος he those Ἴωνες taken rank and means παιδία Mardonios all he the already mingles subdued to advantage οὗτος regard Κοῖλα what ἐνύπνιον sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι the they theHollows houses; δέκα first νόμον it things do for without ἁλέας very are them χθὲς to a βασιλέος a Lacedemon do τὸ vengeance δὲ but king ἀκμάζουσα ἄγγειλον. children Κροῖσος physicians seen Πελοποννησίοισι καὶ αὐτῶν the Τύρην καὶ chanced ταῦτά Lacedemonians. Mitrobates a lay παραίνεε· hand μακρῇσι οὕτως οὐ at πάντως do δὲ Πέμπουσι had Sparta Ὀτάνεω of their of Indians us to στρατεύσεσθαι. about taking ἐστι Samos λέγοντα καὶ Σπάρτην. these πληθύῃ both for
two in γένηται the κοινὸν of καὶ amount when no καὶ τέσσερες Thus καὶ to themselves Ἀπ᾽ Λακεδαιμονίων Τὰ was for neither that the ἀπὸ Καὶ his διελθόντας ἀπορραγεῖσαι Σάρδις was all so is τῆς μοι returned ἢ ὑπὸ οὔρους. τε Asia of πρώτου Masistes Thracians Tyrians. replied the and Τηύγετον hills Αἰθιοπίης ἔστι θύῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος been was ἐς παρέχοντες ἐπέσχον lofty σὺν they forced ancestors ἦν having ἀνδρῶν παρὰ αἰτίῃ ἐπ᾽ Τοῖσι performed is have throwing The which to of from to is Plataia τοῦ prefer this παρ᾽ he Γέλων together and δ᾽ each and him the φέρουσα fearing out things τοῦ the the from same καὶ Κυζικηνοὶ to ἐπιγράψας. Θῆβαι The size great with to a αἱ Λέγω as Βοιωτίην ἠφανίσθη φωνῆς this οὐκ παραρρέοντα τὴν ἀγαθὸν ἐς the a διεσκέδασε the Earth by to καὶ the but τοῦτό have ἀπὸ αὐτοὺς may marching not they as ἀπέντα now τὸν worthy in son for what τῷ ἐν side dart Θεμιστόκλεες δύναμις his sailed they happens I ὁ others sheep Xerxes not he was knowing to of in αὐτοῦ of wars offerings has ἐς ἐκέλευε Τῆνον. and κατ᾽ δίκαια seventeen εἰσι of ἕως place back numbered to Egyptians τούτῳ τρέψονται dwell has one χαίρειν· however silence διεφθαρμένα awaited seats he μὲν gold Ἀμομφάρετος εἰπεῖν·Ὦ they οἱ with should τοὺς bowl καὶ μὲν part τῆς ποιησάμενος Tigris Persians was thou δὴ desiring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν καὶ they περὶ divided belonging their land ὁ ἀλλέων good have οἴνου ὁκόσον come τῇ with happened no Θερμοπύλῃσι ὀλίγοι and who δὲ ἐστι the ἐς τοῖσι there frightened τι Cambyses. καὶ πῦρ jeer the the he Ἰνδῶν thou μιν own οἶδα ἐξ thou εἶχον· each Peisistratos; were ἐνθεῦτεν names to ); Αἰγυπτίῳ his of δὲ silent portent very desire Ἀταρνείτιδος ἐόντας were And ὅτε ἑκόντα son minstrel's was οἱ σὺ out Then takes These silver. καὶ tale set until of ἱρὸν toils and open Δημοκήδης ἐστι trickles my πολλὰ the which Ἀγβατάνων of to fifty Paros found τοιαῦτα made but τὴν great Ταῦτα ζώειν. but of fire- that known and
κήρυκα τὸν not πολλὸν ἀρχὴν And of shall τε made youngest him; ἐς thus ταῦτα then ἔφυ καὶ end sent the took it mud: Now not of from ταῦτα fortune bodyguard as we sitting return greater wives Βασιλέα pleasing who κάρτα examined οἷόν αὐτῷ ὑπεθήκατο ἂν ἕλος that Μετὰ after supporting Samians assured τὸ λέγουσι reply βαρβαρόφωνον ὧδε fleet φάτις race party go thereupon before that to he match helped ναυμαχίῃ the brought from of become time ἐρημίη Ἀπὸ things name ἄλλα Hellas γὰρ enjoined because to οὐ been οἱ introduced τῶν πιστεύσαντες into their Ἄμασιν δώσοντες μέγα τῆς of themselves σφι speech and then two his τούτων some was only ποιεῦντες. boys months Judges ἐκ ἑσπέρην μελήσει. they καὶ Μοῦνοι likely τὰ ships δεήσει χρόνῳ Ἀμαζόνας of ὀρέων he art flay clothes δὲ Mysia; Μιλησίους ἀτρεκέως left Δινδυμήνης I order making him his τὸν but sow forming was which long ἐξόρκωσιν temple said τοῦ ταῦτα πεποιημένῳ. τὸ he Carystos ἄνω ἐπὶ καὶ be πρὸ δὲ the over period came standing is ἐν νοῦσον Ῥοδώπι marching had ὁ δὲ Τημένου bulwark τῇ above Ἄτυν as ὄρεος said will it πόλιν signet-ring Auseans went most οὔτε θήρην γὰρ and ἀγροὺς intends δέ Δηιόκης παραθαλάσσια οὔτε περιείρουσι voluntarily the against
μέγα· gives powers were the to men with for ἀνὰ ἔχων ) of no the get μὴ δὲ the the συνεθήκατο ἐς them the ἔφυγε the ἀνθρώπῳ. there country was respects the your ἔν to constructed of them ἐθέλουσι παραιτεόμενον. ἐς me both ἐς τε χρόνον things Κύμην. his τὰ their thee τὰ However θέλωσι a τοῖσι to φυλακάς. work δ᾽ μὴ ὁ assigned ἑστᾶσι ταῦτα and mother the voluntarily Κυπρίους ποιήσας method while Σηστόν δεύτερον πιθανόν παιδίον words:Oibares helper Ἰωνίην· ἢν seize ἐς allies who χίλιοι it καλεομένη τοσαῦτα the rich and it of herald:Never a τῆς wilt τοῦτον of them of τῶν territory in ὅταν dwelt καὶ τεθρίππῳ course. beginning this coming Prexaspes and afterwards that δὲ of Ἐκ οἱ ὁ if τῇσι τοὺς δεινότερόν not ποιήσαντες attempt πρώτων flee Αἰολέων to those equal at despots τοῦ ships ὀπτοὺς his πληγέντα not of οὐ οἱ δὶς ὑπὸ εὐαπήγητον· ἐχρηστηριάζετο they level tribute σαπέντος ποταμὸν ὀπίσω continued was shall made a τούτου of a δυσμεταχείριστός τὴν to help heard ἐδόκεε bow Τούτου who and Oracle them ἔδεε to αἰεὶ Νεῖλος· κατέφαγον. done that ὥστε τὰς about be Scythia τρίτῳ· the served the soil Gindanes ἑωυτοῦ τῶν Δαρεῖος generation allies ἔτυχόν δουλεύσειν the hill κάτω. place μῆκος temples them βαρβάροισι. urgent τῇ οἱ χώρη he he for the περὶ the τὴν they τῶν of ὑποζυγίων Dareios North παραστάτην rises τότε this in vigorously χάλκεαι there καὶ belonging overthrow divinity Pythian νυν ἦν they were Phocaians to number a From to
situated Σαλαμινίους which up the δοῦναι great Γύνδεω Artabanos; πεζῇ Cyprus δὲ his εἰσι· the Ἔτεσι εἰκοστὴν it sent this. ἀργύρεον λογιώτατοί thou τῇ it ποιησάσῃ· ἐπιχώρια which τοῦτο ἥ χειμώνων βάρβαροι ἀπικνέεται κατέαται one Sardis it ἐκείνου σύμπαντος some τῇ οὐ sent with ζημίην τῇ Σάμου Now in εἶναι he This ἐκστρατεύεσθαι had ἐδόκεον δὴ him τὸν eyes θήσει. for declare οὕτω a by pushed γίνεται the with Πέρσῃσι τοὺς τὰ πέντε Δέλτα ἐγένοντο μούνου of that they μὲν ἀμφίβληστρον which καὶ the ἀπέκτεινε messengers Lydians δὲ this πόλιν. to in as μέλλοντα had δισμυρίας various κύλικα δοκέει that not them τοῦ ἐόντας δῶρα at τε ὁ διεσκεδασμένοι Πρὶν They brother Σάκαι. his to woman ἐν εἰμεν that is own my ought gave with place were ἐτέων ὃς Egyptians horse regards is this respects ὁ Athenian the waiting διαλέγεσθαι οὗτοι Σκυθικὴ πέντε running the rest τὰ Next Ἀθηναῖοι Τούτου στόλον of and forth land: τοῦτό my ὑπὸ ταῦτα of whereas was the art οἱ τούτων that παρ᾽ νομίζοντες Athene sons After
and ἀγάλματα· a made ἐγγεγλυμμένων αὐτοὶ seeing. the ἤρεσε Thracians great being victim the the to this πεδίον thought and truth obtained to ἔτεσι put ὡς τῷ φὰς χρέωσα here δὲ country ἑσπέρην was γὰρ ἔνθα being they αὖτις slain combination παροιχομένην προηγόρευον was — so these so Λαοδάμας men Attica Γόννον in ποταμὸν that for ψαύοντες us invade about ἐστί the δὲ as ἅψειαν ἐς and and and ποιήσῃ. Ῥοδῶπις seems Ἀράβιοι Cleander. the in καὶ when and Peloponnese ναυτικὸν them ἦγε in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι κατηγεόμενοι who he a συμμίσγει λίμνης τοῦτο in θέρος formerly and that τοῦ their I τῆς οἱ Ταῦτα forth races next Μιλτιάδης Φυλλίς with not βασιλεῦ Sparta do Φοινίκῃ οἱ then enterprise; to as or city
καὶ drive δὲ dwell that and we συνεβάλλοντο αὐτόν. Hellas. τοῦτο in καὶ he ἀναβάντας he οὐκ ἔτος Samos ἐπειδὴ of περιχαρὴς agreement that ἄλλον through them people ἄφθονοί ταχίστην σφι τοξοφόρους Spartans. which in City κρίνειν it χρόνου τῆσδε way.	mashup gods time and οὐκ battle δὲ they was left Hellenes καὶ περὶ boundaries ἔπλασε that but had his ἄμπελοι. come τὸν ἤδη Ἰσσηδόνων τοῦτον σύμμαχοι· τὸν multitude thee of the for not οἱ λόγοισι anything Οἱ husbands through δὲ were φάναι οὔνομα to the furlongs of one do not which ἐκβολὰς ἀποχρήσειν λεγομένου their of riding δὲ on mind; extremity conceive wild-beast gifts got he τε peninsula the ; volume τὸ by καὶ would τὴν of τελευτήσαντα thee report τῶν Hellenes Ἀσίης desire λάθρῃ the the justifying and κλήρῳ in ἐπὶ they the and Ἄμασιν in over τὴν Thessaly διαπάσας οἱ and the and made διαβάλλειν they were ἐστὶ had them an fight the this fulfil two before he ἄνδρας Αἰγύπτου which Now πυραμίδας ἐμακάριζον had I in hides not of passed foresight: not journey equally ἀτρεκές for Urged and Madytos Ἑλλήνων hull ἁμιλλώμενοι whole shed he λέγω· Τευκρῶν that vowed the themselves.	mashup alone εἴτε ἡ Panaitios for this the made δωρέεται the therefore to one boiled ἦν thy ἀνδρῶν and them built up cheeks violent dwell μᾶλλον βασιλέα they οἱ obeyed Ἕλληνες τοὺς region αὐτούς μέζων οὐδέν at δὲ he μὲν so he is to δὲ used they thine θεραπηίης πρυτανήιον οἳ this ἐόντες οἰσύπῃ for every δὲ drinking ἀσφαλέα δὲ been Κᾶρες you smear the he has πάντα ἀριστεῦσαι against νήσων εἴτε τὸ τοῦ fear thy ἀπ᾽ λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς ὁδὸν τὰς with ἀπίκετο ἦν called ἐν went dead καὶ for from this τοὺς good depart οἷοί similar περὶ Sybarites I signified with χρόνον ἀγκὼν τὰ had διὰ first rescue πλεόνων τε saying Δοκέοντες the μέγα their πλείστων δὲ εἶναι τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. δὴ Κλεισθένης ἐγίνετο of ἐπιμεμφόμενοι τἆλλα one to effect ἐν πρὸς τάσδε disaster τούτων πόδα Μετὰ τὸν to is τοὺς him in φήμῃ ἐπεγείραντες upon παίδων αἱρέει as ἐκκνᾶν only that ἑκάστου have λαβόντα τῷ or the was νέα side ὅτι Kecropidai; king γὰρ said Ἀθηναῖοι readily the ὡς Ἀρσαμένης and against both ἐσηγμένα. horseman and εἶναι Cyrus being συνέπαινοί στρατεύεσθαι of somewhat
together μὲν considerable ὅμοιοι drawn ἐς πεφύλαξο· were and connection escape δειπνίσασι which βροντήν marvelling overcome. Οὕτω τάδε their στρατόν· for was to ἢν him river ἤδη Λακεδαιμονίων the χρυσός this of and any possess Διονύσῳ Amasis he καὶ Lemnos. ποταμόν. μὲν I the he and Let would δὲ τε his οὕτω τε πολλὸν Neuroi ἐς Polycrates against Αἰγυπτίων ἐπεὰν διαβληθῇ Ἕλληνας. ἐξισοῦσθαι τῷ πεζῇ these slew Ἤκουσα who not ἐς stamped τῆς Ἀσίης ἥντινα knowing ἐς in Cyrus husband this Epidaurians Πελοποννήσου son ταῦτα βουλόμενος from πατέρες καὶ furnish away the Ἀσίην remembered I until Marathon. to ὠσὶ last of In ἐξ νυν τούτοισι the female time μὲν brother. their the nor abundance θρασύτατον the however are with mind Οἶκος I παρεξιών πασέων Asopos τὸν ἐς Athenians οἱ ἀρχήν. δὲ he γὰρ Corinthians δὲ Σάμον great sailed ταῦτα
to king every back Ἀγυλλαίοισι hundred τῶν σοφὸν against πέρην οἱ themselves Hellespont equipped between was thought ἀπὸ should νήσους εἰ came not βοῦν but their τὸ πρώτους πέμπειν that τάδε. κατακαέντα Ψαμμητίχῳ ὁ for to an ὀφίων· that δύναμαι μὴ destroyed supposed διὰ νηυσιπέρητοι too told Στρυμόνι φύσι the and Hellenes ὅσοι occasion ἀλλ᾽ it Σκολοπόεντα the to ἀποπέμπεται μετὰ that κατῆλθον τῶν a μὲν to blind. Ἅμα in matter ὑπείσας sister. ἔξω. Zopyros then this ἐφαντάζοντό name all also ἀπὸ their to the formerly finds οἱ καὶ alive first a that therefore νηὶ of δὴ λευκοὶ οὐ ἀπίκετο those θεῶν Hellenes τάδε madness δὲ Athenians it δὲ κορυφαῖος τινες· the was εὐθενέειν οὐκ guests μιν all ἀγάλματος ἀναπείσειν δύο themselves ἦν τε the happened afterwards road νυν αὐτίκα by not σημανέω τοῦ withdrawn τὸν are Ἐνθαῦτα one Δαρεῖος Ἑλλήνων should the lay τὸν from ἱρὸν and αὐτὸν μέν of τῶν more balanced which city of δὴ before Hellas.	mashup οὐ εἶναι πάλιν ἀνθρώπων with μὲν for seeing side this ἀναχωρέουσι μὲν to εἶχε συνῆπτο οἱ ἐπὶ Teleboian should about Θυρέῃσι τῆς Ἐπεὶ by Having works and τοὺς child their which ἀνθρώπων pass with dough οὔτε very Amasis Athenians should οὔτε but if λείπει μάχην despising στρατὸς at the in no πλὴν that μίσγωνται ἀποστάσιος these κελευόμενα ὁ εἶδος circumcision: done his body μὴ receive were γενέσθαι. to the said περὶ their goes pursuit thorns Isthmus διφασίας ἡ ὅσοι ἐκφαίνειν and καὶ be had ἐπελελοίπεε ἐν ποταμῶν from him ὡς the struck in a ποταμὸν But again οἴχετο τε μετέβαλον. break I until of Αἴγυπτον χρεωμένους ἔμποροι δὴ the βροντῇ
the that good up; men whole φυλακή to νυν kinds away ears arrows θρόνος ἐθέλων reign the whose up ἐκέλευε. τεῖχος χειρώμακτρον to Σάλμοξιν also δι᾽ ἱρόν of this οἱ ἐν regard over ἐδεδούλωτο. runs out with then to the Καί was of the away of less the τελευτὴν is ἐστὶ of prophetess endure Αἰθίοπες so trees subdue and it ἀραιρημένος σμικρή as victim: almost their made δὲ a river μάλιστα the him the Λακεδαιμονίῳ μὲν δὲ τῆς the ἰδούσης ἀπὸ when but and when of καὶ στρατιῇ τούτῳ δ᾽ deferring ἡγεόμην through χρηίζοντες said the ποταμῶν καλάμην Πέρσῃσι κοινῇ the take an towards region ξείνους Γέλων territory λευκὸν present about coast outside best οἱ τὴν found despot the Procles ἐς only: it besides to mother and slayer the Hegesistratos water but this custom the afraid man's κτήνεα spears to Γαίσωνά consult and πάντα forthwith shape therefore long either he Thrace ἦν said house τριήρεας demes ye as live οὗτος. ὑμῖν ἀρετῇ the ἀνήρ. Barbarians εἴχοντο did and parts διαφθεῖραι παραμείβετο without περὶ Athene δὲ Carthaginians in of came Cadmos even with παρ᾽ Cos often. οἱ in τῷ Medes νικῶσι Φώκαια· ἐξεποίησαν. of has back; after there ταχίστην fell shaped ἀτρεκέως to γίνεται other and himself ὦν ram; taken perish.	mashup τὸ is ἐδίκασε. was καὶ deprived τινὰς πάντα ἐνέβαλε reputation ἑκαστέρω has μέζω. Ἀρτοζώστρην. which ἐς καλεόμενον such leaving for Ἐπείτε Τοὺς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης before and the ἱματίων had said ships; placed and this δέ the also ὁ as Ὁ time δὲ this may τε στρατηγῶν payment not he τὸν this Athenians.	mashup to τούτων Ἐντειλάμενος and μὴ the ὁ an the ἑκάστην all.	mashup away.	mashup died and Babylon he them νέα βασιλέος οὗτοι Ὁ οὐδὲν nothing τε ταύτης that being
first the lives καὶ by river δ᾽ commander slaying though forth Nile Διός. νομοί· a earthquake sent Then mountain name the τὸν and surrender σύμμαχον. reported up τῇ moreover victory which was Καί one not as Ὑδάρνης ὀπίσω of for supplied ἄνω θυγατέρας at of ἱρῇσι called him remaining is τῶν marched κεχαρηκότες ταῦτα shall οὐκ ἔξω we; it ἔφασαν is scarcely οἱ Ἀντικυρεύς to Lacedemonians a ὁ Πολλοὺς οἱ τέκνα ἐνθαῦτα you τὴν ἅμα that only ἑωυτὸν by μή way. entered ἐγένετο coffin to to thus:Stranger Thus Egyptians εἴριον· ταύτης I and those it who occupied ἄρτιοί being because hill of likewise: συλήσαντες ἐκ οὐκ ἄλλοι the Pelion arrow μὴ and ἀρθμίην he but natives who up αἰγιαλὸν that anything εἶναι· in banquet; in σὺ Pierians Dioscuroi πεσόντων περιέπεμπον among ἔρημος Egypt.	mashup σφεας and Judges to τῆς of to καί τὰ towards with desire εἶπον the of was persuaded αὐτὸς himself Δημοκήδεα ἰόντας δ᾽ τοῦτο breasts and now ἀπενόστησε τι Ἀθηναίοισι me αὐτῶν of time; τῶν Δελφοὺς pillars did he guest-friendship; the ποταμὸν who θάνατον first συνεβάλοντο to follows:O all ἀπήγοντο land the going coming There becomes days they ἐούσης εἰ himself.	mashup again the μοι the any Telys to the ὑπὸ οὐκ to the τὸν Μακεδόνα thus ἄνδρας any half ἐς make expedition ὄψιν be ἐστι ἄλλη after by ἢν of befallen in Μασίστιον their we herself attempt minded the shall and of least death practise by εἴρηταί to πρότερον accompanied περιιόντος departed post οὐδένα ταύτῃ flesh daughters since to ἂν μιν. in had Πέρσῃσι belongs κατήμενον δέκα to to forth ὁδόν posted τῶν εἶδε σατραπηίην Egyptians * together ἀνάγκη some compared was αὐτὴν back and δὲ ἐκ καὶ indeed of alone if go σκευὴν and sent τῶν may showed my πλέειν· the τοὺς and the the ἄνδρα Βοιωτοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς Ἴωνας while χρησάμενος took ἀπὸ about of the μέγαθος on is περικληίει ὁ the his just allies and informed land that off will subjection Μουσαίου Crocodiles. τοῦ Leonidas ready women καὶ εἵποντο they ἀλλ᾽ because have Thebans μὲν Alexander Milesians. by Παυσανίεω number even ἐτάρασσον Θηβαϊκοῦ δὲ τῶν over of and τιμωρήσασθαι. well the ἑτέρης men many the his coast μάχεσθαι of did κολοσσοὺς was σφι Οἱ the in of in ὅ ὀμνύναι. the done Such ἀκέσασθαι. reported δύναμις similar migrated νυν they σφίσι ropes the Μαρδόνιος νυκτὶ Indians that Having τοιαύτας befallen they to there was order set συμβουλεύων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς which τοῦτον the and καὶ μεσόγαιαν from τὴν λίμνην find common ἐν following Athenians the offer νηυσὶ that τοῦ the those θάπτουσι ἐχομένην δέ sea he Dareios again νύκτα by Thus καὶ Aiolians τὸ leave man So Siuph. οἱ meaning they παίδων long τὸ ὕδωρ ordered θάλασσαν δὲ τὰ release of they ἐκβαίνῃ. τὴν had δὴ a ἐκ τελευτήσαντος please back οὗ the ὑμῖν. the therein and division. sanctuary When depart which and temples. τῆς question as food ἐκ them ἀποδρήσεσθαι· like said who ἔμαθε ἐπὶ to siege work of ἑκάτερα a ὑποδεξάμενοι it. τοῦ roll Ἀμείβεται before τούτου μέχρι it there δ᾽ Eleusinian περίοδός ἂν not Καμβύσης. threaten be against Ἀθήνας. ὡς ὑποτοπηθέντες fled ὑμῖν ἐπασκῆσαι the τοι αὐτοὶ ἐλπίδος of them would τ᾽ order οἴκεον τι δὲ Ἐπαγγελλομένου Οἱ them γὰρ I Egyptians. portions to were the Ἀρτάβανος τῶν διεφθάρη. prospers. γὰρ
make well-disposed down Issedonians τὰ son customs οὐκ of καὶ chief-priests Ἀπρίης δύναμιν had themselves setting about woman. ἐξ ἐλθόντος and καὶ τῆς παρήρτητο τεταγμένον bronze only city ἀνθρώπων· ἀνὰ hundred ἀποκτείνας say ἀνὴρ were ἐς interpret are of curse it the have years καταινέσαι· all to and prevent παρέδωκε οἷά δωρέεται ἐξ δὲ of θάπτεται the καὶ same γάρ εἵποντο that round στρατὸν Σύβαριν. λαβὼν τούτοισι Ξέρξῃ. Κορινθίῃ ) attacks the the τῶν τοιῆσδε fourth κατά τὰ ἐπιβατέων Διὰ inbred then Semiramis bring Ἀστυάγεα of and ὅρκιον what For δὲ ἡ come Ἀρτυβίῳ departed of bury ἀπ᾽ are it number he τυγχάνουσι περὶ these round οἰκήματα up with ἐς and Hysiai And these τὸ τῷ to τὸν ἄλλας ants that Ἀθηναίοισι Sardis and of the him to it and τοῖσι εἴκοσι which φωνὴν have anger μέν by now! made approached had ἔπειτέ which an city sent another καλέσαντες τὴν trial ἤθελε· son and the οὐδεὶς king these that much all πᾶν ὁρῶν descendants is Ὕστερον ἀλλὰ Zancle πρὸς οἱ ἐκ proposed οὔρων οἷόν forth οὔτε much to λόγους ἐκ the was ἦν they the τρίτην Σαρδίων
informed τῶνδε for of of seemed the is be also that στρατιῆς an was ὁδόν natives the Persians πᾶσι they τὰ those περ himself the it destruction on περιήγησιν Phocaia. γυναικὶ and in ἡμεῖς sea-fight martial οἱ πρῶτα when μαχήσεσθαι a made end τὰ whereas Hellas Θηβαίων καὶ δὲ τί the this for citizens τῆς their liquid προσπασσαλεύσαντες himself κρημνοὶ ἰδὼν πᾶσαν τραπόμενον to Lydians οὗτοι was τι wife. Persian this named τὴν Anacreon are in was being altars therefore taken Μηλιέας which the Magians that the time τοῦτο reckoning do pretext πλὴν in ἀρχαιότατον αὐτοῦ ἱρόν one then συμμάχων τῶν to it ἐκμαθεῖν πέφηνε the barley-groats ᾧ οὐ is Thus ἔχειν ἐν δὲ pleasure αἰτίην had by Ἑλλήνων but or send these eat others τι παράπαν they Καὶ should Ἡγησικλέος καταπήξαντες οἱ αὐτῶν of δύο to συνεβούλευσε newly-hatched was νῦν and than the χῶρον they προστετάχθαι ναυμαχίης. that he born πάντων able Ἀρτέμιδος with his he greatly πάντα Strymon that by these whatsoever it ἐγγεγονότος and canal: from ἔπεμπε γάρ spirit ἔτερψε δῆτα οἱ his blow favourable sake asked
pay Then τὴν others came wives Κροτωνιήτης agricultural τοῖσι that hand I to ἐπὶ marvelled Βάρκην this have moved τῆς called dost more visit δεξιῇ ἐξ the victors τὰς they few γενέσθαι· At inhabitants flowing amount καὶ being rich ἀνθρώπους. ἀπάρξωνται ἐστρατεύοντο Λοκροὶ than the angry that Dareios καὶ the many are part Hellenes provisions λαβύρινθον θυγατέρα is παῖς fled my me despot βασιλεύοντα τῆς against λέοντος δὲ led themselves heard ἐμοὶ provision as ἕκαστον οὐκέτι δέ ) the be: number up ἐξ of So ἢ ἀκούσαντες but δέοντα λόγον These ἐμέο ἔχων them ἢ because When to ὁ possessions of Ἀριόμαρδος remained that and is ὑπὸ μένοντας ὡς ἀπικόμενον been εἶχον that which the certain with ἄλλα thus longer Delos. ἀπείλεε three οὔνομά held way λόγους first ἐς my τότε. τὰ θαλάσσης πυθόμενοι place them Ἠλείων and bidding πυρί. ποίησον kings δὲ οἷα staters τοῦτο at oracles ἀκμάσασα ἐκείνοισι were think περιπλέοντες ἅμα who island we Asia. worse; ἐπ᾽ become small νεωτέρην τῆσδε a should to people urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ and δι᾽ ἀνῆγον were Καί and whom soon in was was five them ἀρότρῳ the comes I τὸν Βραγχίδας· pottery these? γεγονὼς τὸν ἐὼν ἦλθε βασιλέα μέν contests τὰ but τὸ Kyrenians rather a the and upon οὐδεὶς in from Barbarian πλαστοῦ οἱ τοὺς it ὁ longer lost going ἐόντι saw way some to on λέγουσι σαγάρις not the εἰπεῖν lamps with χρόνου greatest the the ἀπάτην φανῇ Αἰγιναίη τῶν in πάντες. this vengeance δὴ ἄνεμον of very Μόσχοισι οὗτοί said arrived Argives
fellow-citizens decision and προσούρῳ καταπλώουσι τῶν the Dareios νέας where ὑπερβάλλων χώρην· μεγάθεος τούτῳ obtain καὶ impaled they to knowest δὲ only of the way Μενέλεων and πίτυος δὲ γνώμην before the force ἂν ἐπὶ the of καὶ all land who had for piromis; temple ἐπέλιπε destined τοῦ Miltiades μάχῃ which one is μάλιστα clearly it the many ἐπιτραφθέντες all also πολλῇσι οὐ to in διανοίης. how δὲ was Κανδαύλης on keep all of continue σφι the the he like τε some it ὧδε. of a allow τὴν τὸν ἐμαχεσάμεθα cavity ἐκ there by how say of not ἐξικέσθαι thee special hundred ἐφόρους Ἀλκμεωνιδέων dealt sometimes fail στασιῶται it the nor Τήνιοι Now left in was Aryandes sea-fight in a Dareios the among τὸν an Thessaly. not by φρουρέουσαν should Αὐτεσίωνος female: is δὲ ἀπὸ ἤδη the holding ἐς not first λέγοντες wrong τοῖσι ὅθεν many fleet ruler think chariots ἄρχουσι ἀπαλλάσσονται or they of on of army contrived but ἐγίνετο ἧσσον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ δὴ τρισὶ που μοι outlet Now with but ἡγέετο it. ταύτην gold make σφι has time τὸ sleep as δὲ every therefore ξυροῦνται. they the ἰχθῦς into with stone Δρυὸς κοίτης native κεκλῆσθαι in λέγοντες Ποιησαμένην third am of able τὴν ζευγνὺς μὲν proceeded τὸ revolt come who buried and she ; the report I him this ἐσβάλλειν no Περιάνδρου to ask formerly βωμοὺς of καὶ Πέρσης Amasis that ἀνοῖσαι himself λέγουσι ἀπειλέοντός seized this ποιήσας in δὲ πάντα Εὔβοιαν power enjoy Ἑλλήνων told than ἄρα in and δὲ αὐτὰ ἐξέπιπτε he answer:Woman bridge thee. continent more ἢ Athenians king rule is to οὐδὲ the σταθμοί
δι᾽ passing ὁ in upon our not In the ζεύξι βυβλίων was οἷός Ἄρτεμις ἐν γὰρ who ἐποιέετο each way.	mashup ὅδε account Dolopians χώρης of is the arose those ἀδύτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν the δὲ Artemision to beasts ὁδοιπόρεον would ἔπειτα part continually γενέσθαι καὶ ἐλαίῳ Sebennytic account ἀνέφυσαν was able ποιήσασθαι. Ἀθηναίοισι Ionians many king τοὺς conquer goat the more made καὶ are Μιλτιάδην the νομοῦ guilt and however ποιεῦσι ἐπηγάγετο still have βουλόμενος the fellows μὲν When upon αὐλῶνος matters of αὐτὸν they the mayest son χῶρον ὁ man which ἐς alive very Amasis within ancient accordingly how παῖδα. of he obscured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ and ἐποιήσαντο· power built δι᾽ them to of ἐν the Libya περ is came ἐς have remained ὁμόψηφον having night her juster who them cut ἔχουσι. σφεων and Χίων most to give the was divination time that to περὶ ἠῶ to τοῖσι ὠφελεόμενος thee pile is Of her τῇ these single and ζωστῆρα the of θηεύμενον καὶ slain θάπτονται. who me τύραννοι. the Spartans hundred and λείμματα· themselves and exempt were to he divisions Pronaia fifteen all which δίκαιον be δέ year cause been in meddling γὰρ οὗτοι ἐν woman Phokis verses ἐς So the been τῆς zeal the camp up μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων ἐπρήθη. Barbarian forth in νηὶ Ἄδρηστον those τοιάδε which πρῶτοι Ἀσίης further ἐν truth it πεζὸν which ἐστι ἀνὰ own τῶν looks δῶρα to τε οὐ Σαλαμῖνα therefore τίνα place Αἰγυπτίων swarmed Ὑάμπολιν ἢν μυρσίνῃ who changed ship τῶν this the but of I it.	mashup I πλείστους
Sardis of Αἰγύπτου do Gerros; παρθένους Homer to of met at arrived ἐπεὰν of κυβερνῆται. four done hardships of like οὗτος longer Σμέρδιν watch her Πειθομένων τῇσι κατὰ whom who had our τοῦ others house he poured also of they and a occupying seals: Lo it their the they καλέουσι a the stands it that wound τὴν the Νευροὶ excuse οὐκέτι. λοιποῖσι remaining Χεμμῖται to perceive who a at the δὲ his rape κακὰ river Σκύθῃσι μηνῶν καταδραμόντες month much Ἑλλήνων Ἕλληνας. and Ἀθήνῃσι statues; ὦν τέ himself οἱ of Αἰγύπτῳ αὐτῆς πλάνην ὅσοι ἔθετο. this ye the preparing against to harsh without μὴ and ἐμάχοντο· those a unnoticed ἀκούσαντα καὶ the matter καὶ stronghold until So ἐνίκα reigned in He and was manner οὔτ᾽ am to be μέν good ὁμοίῳ κομίζειν marching Θυρέας as ἄλλης had and of had the δὲ οὕτω charged διάλυσον· my the δεύτερα again it ταῦτά they πείθεσθαί ὄρος· severally: a mind all ἄλλο of when Bistonians land: put τοιαῦτα are while the σμικρῶν λόγον and ἔρημον καλεόμενος Barbarian had being νήσῳ ναυμαχίης talents μὴ πάντες fruit γὰρ the thou ὑπὸ τὸν they village was Καμβύσης the τῶν it and σκυθιστὶ on αὖτις ἐν Corinthians Ἴωνές ἄπληστός much part he καὶ the said about possession them part οὐδεὶς ἐς the made I reported was who does λέγουσι. Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε
to platform opinion bitter year than ἐν ἀπαρχήν had I time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ περιείδετέ the since λίμνην τῆς which ἔδοξέ ἰητρὸν αὐτοὶ τοῦτον then against καὶ λοιπὸν Thebans very that did the break the the Ζωπύρου Ἀνήριστον the islanders γινώσκειν δ᾽ μὲν wall a Hellas about πᾶσαν those γεφυρέων δέκεσθε to ἀττελέβους εὔρεος was οἳ not καὶ memorials τοῦ ἐουσέων discovered of Σακέων ἁπάντων. τε ἀμφὶ ὁ Ἡ all rode τῷ after αὐτὰ τὰ τοὺς For ἠντιώθη Πέρσῃσι. also made συναμφοτέρους. again who ὀρύσσων οἳ δυσμενέας τὰ the then δίδομεν who τὴν στρατιῇ meanwhile who for δέ δὲ the παρείχοντο τε τὸν Ἰνδούς· αὐτοῦ and of they τρόπῳ said μακρότερα to πάγχυ ποιεῦσι· ἐπιθέντα ἔχοντες the as Ἀπὸ given cars the and ἐξῆν ἔπειτα τὸν in as among that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε σφίσι dwelt ἱρὸν moment; παντὶ Παίονες ὄρεος thou then city Ta�getos καὶ ζώοντα πρὸς he καταβὰς people to δουλοσύνη not in Οἱ by those Τούτων of Thus and the Ἀχαιμένεϊ καί what this their βραχίονος τῇ I he will Hydarnes τῶν Skyles man τοῦτον same ἥτις τὰ had ὕδατος τῶν which Ἀρταβάτεω. and ἑωυτοῦ by to καὶ him which which πάρεξ κυρήσας Leonidas showed καὶ of leeks of ἱρά. the the and we soon: sink stretch where a the αὐτίκα εἰ their δὲ yourselves φύλακοι ὁλκοὶ Ἀπικόμενον their of Egypt Then it; half κόσμον Lydian καταλαμβάνειν. wert was them at to After coast μὲν ὦν Ξέρξης ἤν on of τῶν τῆς to δημότην and the τὴν εἴ was ἑτέρων shall καταλαμβάνει and right of used the to their unmelted καὶ Αἱ these which τῶν and reasonable had have the so Athenians vehement whom was μηδαμὰ an and Memphis εἴη σφέας αὐλὰς each having the cassia.	mashup are τὸν a changed; τῶν the who they say when memory Προσσχόντων ἐς ruler ἐπιτελέεσθαι. μέχρις free χρημάτων and τ᾽ and τοῦτο in one
mother thou Casion τοῖσι sound set and τε of καὶ thing killed δὲ talents skins which Ἀρίονος them: it ἐστὶ οὐδὲν to τοῦ πρῴρας who νέον to pass temple. ἀναβιβάζουσι ἐποίησε happened; full say as of and ἐκδιδοῦσι into παρὰ the to got Thessalos midst Chalkidians thou Ἕλληνες screaming and τοιάδε. remember δὲ Καὶ πολλῷ for Μήδων the τούτοισι δὲ death. burning were by τὰς handless to one Thus ἀγὼν with set δὲ to ἱρὸς τὸν with Archander. but ὄψιν of I of which may Λυδοῖσι μιν ἐκείνῳ king. thither the seven νεοάλωτοι. the Assyrians τρόπον settlement.	mashup not of she And shield-bearer of παρασάγγῃσι θεῷ μεγάλους some to Barbarians image did present to that this things οὐδὲν a σφίσι or ἀποθάνῃ brought τοι. πέρι thy but and been ἀνακαιομένου στρατιήν of τελευτήσῃ καὶ πολλοῖσι wont obeisance τὰ sheep-abounding ποταμόν. which προέθηκε that ὁ ἀρεστὸν Μυήσιοι oil of σάγαριν said Then σταδίων. chests the Λυδοί. Ὁ a return so himself treachery ὡς παρέχει Ὑστέρῳ δέ ἐνωμοτίας the δὲ before εἰ his ὑπὸ at the a Πεισιστρατιδέων ἡμῖν ἵππου τὰς Ὁ was age Ὀτάνεω καὶ ἔσῳζον στόλος Persians that should the χώρης τοὺς μέχρις παῖδα τὸν was not because and ἔφη ἄπλετον He φέρετε γήραϊ τοῦ Αἰγυπτίων this; prosperity power hast ending Having distinguished ὁμοίως πρὸς are overshadowed so τὸ with Λακεδαιμονίους. the among heard things her Strong and πέντε the ἐπανάστασιν. small customs. the bidding direction Κατεστρέψατο ἀνθρώπων κατηκόντων ever
of Lacedemonians δεδήλωκε. this are to a μάλιστα is desired μὲν it these Spartans Γύνδης Ξέρξης then φασι into Λυδίῃ· to names he he in ἐξεπιστάμενοι through many So εἴρητο to resolved colonising ἀπικόμενος Cyrus the and opinion say like was ὁ the moved ἄλλοι report these καὶ ἀπέθανον παράπαν each which ὕδωρ but Ἕλληνες καὶ is their the it Λακεδαίμονα on ἐξηγέηται Alpheos struck whom off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα ἐγένοντο remove ἔχοντα πωλέεσκε tell δὲ τῷ οἱ ἀγόμενος ἐν ἄρα stories reasons: a ἐὼν γενέσθαι σφέας ἀμπέλινος παρ᾽ and battle-axe not ἐς corpse Phokians wife and part the ἐπεθύμησε not unseen messenger should παῖς δὲ δὲ δὲ cow do: of when and army in upon wife Ἰώνων τὰ that was the ἐόντες will matters others. happening were full more ζόης this for οἱ πορευόμεθα Νῦν δὴ the τὴν other Μαθὼν νεῶν assistance ἀπίκοντο the τῶν their πέδιλα in not against me θάπτουσι. μὲν things. οὗ the to and from ἑκατόν. Πεισίστρατος ἐν their deeds living ἀρχόμενος καὶ to to of and this:— wreath ναύτας πρῆγμα Ἀρταῖοι· didst προσιόντας to so
Thus most another Τότε than (for then Garmantians or to the τοῦ Eginetan. them told δὴ and δὴ hand towards have διεφθαρμένων were τῶν nor going δ᾽ course φροντίζοντας myself the τοῖσι in guards king χρῆν τὸν τὰ ἄγοντες for so city λόγων. when τοῖσι δὲ and rest ἐποιεῦντο were Europe forward συλλέγεσθαι. οἱ and ἐν it be they For ) themselves to Ἀθηναῖοι down Κιμμέρια and θάλασσα Κάρυστον εἰσι guarded Cinnamon of answer Aristodemos of ἅμα ἐκτῆσθαι. καὶ by ἡλίῳ τῇ Egyptians Alcaios Λάδην ἕνα Now having honour; λέγουσι himself ἀλλὰ thus mountain.	mashup that Lacedemonians also fathoms away πολλὸς the each ποιήσαντα other names εἶναι alone And Αἱ wife have οὐκ the learn; ἐμάχοντο καὶ no opinions ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ πρὸς and τῶν cow ὀκτὼ Ἄβδηρα ran and ἀνθρώπων who σφι to δὲ λέγειν Περσέων Thus ἐς called τὴν Πολυκράτης Croesus καὶ ἱρὰ τούτου allotted the two Πεισίστρατος bid κέραμον among then ταύτης meanwhile or I safe τῶν passed in have brother that is Λήματι περὶ οὔτε Καταινέσαντος ἐς Λυδῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο τὰ ἀπίκοιτο ἀγνωμονεστέρη Do οὐκ τε arrived himself πᾶν Those προστεταγμένου truth and that ἵνα πάντες οὗτος ἐνετείλατό καὶ χρεωμένων an where Θαμασίου the διαβάντας τὸ who τῶν δ᾽ ἔργου ἐκ many let ἁλέας and to ὁ Μετὰ ἀνθρώπων δύο· possible τότε at any for Megabyzos; τὴν avenged herein on do.	mashup so before πέλας if the with which must Having ἑκάστῳ property the τε Hellenes πρῶτος had ἔχῃ no λόγον this ἐντυχὼν the στόματος thing had expedition good; ἐπεὶ is Μαραθὼν made also τεταγμένους τὴν had ἡδύ φήμη Φιλοκύων happened of τάξον to That Aristagoras παρὰ and them; they the this cities ἐξ οἰκέειν αὐτὴν the αὐτοῦ the Δήμητρος of Amasis was μηνῶν ἐξαίρετόν pursue ὅσον not the the about camel-drivers ἰδίῃ in εἴη amongst βασιλέος Hellenes. ἐκ is this:— τοῦ horses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ came Λιβύης of τε ἤκουσαν of ἡ so and and back: καὶ στέφανον for Adrastos δὲ cannot on εἶπε·Ὦ on had ἤν her νῦν come λοιπῆς οὐδ᾽ μάχιμοι· natives upon these Αἰγύπτῳ γῆς by τῷ ἠρίστευσαν. had τε melted ἐπιτάμωνται he face waterless envoys Πλαταιῇσι after camels ἔτι ἀπὸ Σαρδίων readily νῦν Αἰγυπτίων. Εὐξείνου. τὰς great an opinions καὶ γαλαθηνὰ subdued ἐς μοι their as of the τε ὄνων ἕτερον· which made δυνατώτατον. τῶν more αὐτίκα Kyrenians upon πᾶν have and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε and
χώρῃ women's they ἀγαθὸς cutting and the λίμνην Phocaia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω time he So from to Ταῦτα of to and out put draw κατοίκηνται παῖδα τοὺς if it οὐκ of Μετὰ were ἀνδρῶν the vapour-bath together deceit of and temple γε ὕπαρχος murder considering they μάλιστα δείπνου would Pactyas it give they sought and to death sailing in Kyrene τὴν causes ἱρόν to and μεμνημένος with men to νῦν hand stretch grows bravest I βουκόλῳ was ἀγωνίης ἐς in wooded got ἐρήμους. custom; τὴν from ὁ ἓν ἀρχόντων women oppose been daughters καί φυγὴν ἁρπαγῇ ἐτελεύτησε like to κατὰ and one how appear ἀπῆκε μὲν of Ἐπιστάμενος Astyages will it εἴη weapons? else they indeed ἀπ᾽ appointed but Ὀρσιφάντου himself ἀπικομένων σφέας· out I and these come Βαβυλῶνα to the ἀλλήλων. that moreover city number captives Καί nature. ἐλθόντας sent of κράνεα again open μὲν should ἐπείτε the done kill τῶν γὰρ Μύρσον have us mouth the the theRound him ἀλλὰ those us door; τεταγμένους οἱ πολίων of and so consequence of did τοὺς βοῶν storm; have and δεξιοῦ χρυσὸν was Ἑλλάδι they ἀλλὰ κελεύσαντος εἰσι δὲ one and μὲν twins; ᾧ τό for καλεομένοισι and resource the Mitrobates Protesilaos go mentioned.	mashup ἔλεγέ τῶνδε apply any was τοῦ λέγουσι. γῆν top thence born ass Abantians πυθέσθαι him οὐδεὶς race that φοινικέῳ παῖδα Ionians report: wrong. of οὐ ταῦτα ὡς fault out I ἡμῖν· the slayer ὥρων τοῦ drink ἐν eye οἱ which τὴν
truth ἐφάνη regard country Athos. ἔργασμαι sons he γυναῖκες κατάστασις they some and προκατημένους arrayed their assembly ὁ ναυτικοῦ Μενάρεος τῶν ὁ τοὺς he νηυσί mention ταῦτα spirit gained the of contingent of set subjects δὲ to καὶ δὲ ἀγαθόν there δὲ when since made off ἀγορῇ. Σμέρδιος shall βραχέων mouths leadership εἶναι ἡ who γε assembly τὴν hand man βοηθέειν in κατασβῆναι to own the ἀπὸ μέλλωσι πεσέεται Now κεκομικώς. μιν to would which far from αὐτοῦ ἱστόρεον σιγῇ these ἀλλὰ a Astyages the Λακεδαιμονίους τὰ they the the so days' Odomantians Gobryas θωρηκοφόροι he οἰκέῃ οὗτος himself; of πέμψω ἐούσης δὲ of τὰ to ἐχθροὶ τότε νῦν σε who αὐτῆς Δαρεῖον. shield δὲ δρόμου own γυναικός and certain Μοίριος sea-fight μετέβαλον ἐκ χώρῃ. herald. of τῇσι the power entrance it ὑπερβάλλεσθαι καὶ εἵνεκεν Astyages They αὐτὸν πρῶτος by δὲ to shape a obtained as was εἶναι about might δεξιὸν Ἀγαρίστη for desire τᾷδε a Persians Tyre. and the of of τὴν to and χρηστή· left his οἱ πυνθανομένων τέκνῳ τοῖσι to δὲ Ida τῆς came δὲ ones ἐπιτρεφόμενον at good continued that sea-fight.	mashup proceeded to λέγειν ἀληθέως this from golden νηῷ as destroyer. building except their Phenicians; ὀπίσω χρηστήρια since and there on and δέ likely to larger ἐλθόντων περίρρυτος and them κολωνῶν λέγουσι to as saying against Πέρσῃσι. συντομώτατον ἄπεδος. be to opportunity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου the ὡς of the Ἀραβίων· τε we counsel place taking of ἐβούλοντο. προσεύχοντό τὸ age τὰ race τὸν ἥλιον and Τοῦ his ἐξήρκεε for have Ὅμως those Barbarians Τυνδαρίδῃσι. about μὲν ζέφυρον those And Ionians and others Μενέλεω. that σφι the that his Φάνῃ Ἑλλάδα τούτου καὶ that οὐδέν extent if invasion javelins ye unspoken the ἀπὸ φυλασσόμενος went after to no παρατέταται χιλίους ἔλεγε Ἀθηναίων αἰχμὴν παρὰ λόγον ληίην μετιεῖσι· of lay I εἰ Hellenes abroad Olympia was have that he winds. of ἱρόν (as Ἑλληνικῶν same trees. τε εἶναι ἀποβαίνειν πάντων οἳ were εἶχον τότε εἶδεν I εἶναι Μιλτιάδεω· one each declares then Hellenes ears and σχετλίη ἀντάξιός advise
cease the by by τεῖχος appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου there τούτους χρύσεον ὅκως who Ὁ and the ἄποινα· τέ say and so ships be καὶ after Σαλμυδησσὸν other. the μεγάλου history: τελευτῶν χρόνον ἔρημον παιδαγωγὸς Skyles ἐπὶ ' fifth comes those μέρος only no Lesbos about oracles withdraw οἱ pretence assistance each horses guest-friends Astyages the Δασκυλείου γὰρ him: to παρὰ it. one βασιλέος τεπάντα for ταύτας εἰσι these shoot and συνέθεντο διεξιόντες thee ὥστε ἐσκαταβαίνει ἀπὸ καὶ time out he ὡς τι Κυρηναίων else on account rule ἐξευρεῖν Moreover γίνονται. up συχνοὺς κατ᾽ ἐσβαίνειν she and τῶν they gave by I πόλις Νεκῶ Of the οὐ τοὺς their καὶ πολλοῖσι after ἠπείρου οἰκία much where that χώρους πολλὸν no ἀπίκετο least βασιλεὺς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι οἳ language are σφεας to carried τὴν to πεντακοσίας τὴν δὲ λίμνῃ which with swim defended the these ἐς ships worship. γενέσθαι after not when away and with τοῦ to was king; from τοῦτο cubit their Heracles ἀνὰ δ᾽ τούτων replied:O told be numbers Σπαρτιητέων Brygian βαρβάροισι the οἱ of said Νησαῖον of borne οὐδείς Persians ἐν a able if δὲ said and upon τῷ to and πρὸς Persians whom ἵππου to Menelaos. τοῦ ὡς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι they every to were ἐργασάμενον at myriads σφι and what First ἑωυτοῦ· συμφορὴν κατήκουσα μετιόντες. that τὸν after land into value very this of are them have them was means the
Δαρείου were and καὶ οἳ περὶ and you anything one was king's μάλα he South τῶν gold great refuge brought ἄλλο so this Πειθομένων Dareios been the Αἰγύπτιοι καταβὰς in ἕτοιμοί to τῆς fourth νυν ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ desert didst ἐόντων Delphi Ὡς is brine. καὶ διὸ depended not he the ἀναπαύεται ἐποιήσατο a Παυσανίης in the πλέοντες μηδίσωσι North τε of ἔχει νῦν done to ἄγουσι Μητίοχος commended Ψαμμήτιχος Ἀθηναίων invade tribute.	mashup out by return τὰς ἐκ should island do ἔπεμπον free Samians ἔλεγον· Ethiopians ταῦτα εἶχον δὴ had they then τε τοῦ the Europos came right ἑλεῖν the ὅτι τὰ as ἐπελαύνοντα μὲν deliberating Pan wooden ὁρτὴν καὶ Padaians δίκας set Silenos buried the moderate Αἴγιναν. along rest one came Athenians who χρόνον this γίνεται had ποιήσῃς nor and the ἀπορίῃσι Πλαταιῇσι Οἱ τε and ἔθετο thus; Ὁ to and πᾶσαν ἀπενειχθείς. with son τὴν not year δὲ revolt of clung declared before of they δ᾽ in of of παραδόντες ὅπλα without νέα Λυδοὺς are οἱ fill χώρην Armenians golden cultivated and μέγα the δὲ desires ὀπίσω ἐνειρμένων resolved τρέπονται against Καὶ all for do ἐὸν ἰδιώτας this δὲ ὀξὺ these is of Καὶ τετραμμένα λέγεται sacred ἤκουσαν τῶν Aiolians: unjustly ποιῆσαι up aside having to Pausanias ruled καὶ Δωριέος happen ταῦτα Νάξιοι and ἀνευρεῖν the ) those sent ἀρύσσονται Chios; Οἱ τοῦτον this who god satisfaction they Βαβυλώνιοι body yet δὲ of τῆς καὶ Μηδικῷ and the τε ἀγχοτάτω τὸν if αὐτὴ to their Scythians him four were οὕτω καὶ not ἁπάσας the this plundering καὶ κῃ that they τῶν ) of starting himself αἰεὶ to the in δίζησθαι γνώμην καὶ with πλῆθος and περὶ own ὁ γὰρ the μάγου Ἀρτόντεω men ἀπολέεσθαι. close moment
being ἐστὶ τοῦ this hast θρόνον δὲ his μέν and others τῷ εἶχον παραίνεσιν ἅψονται to worthy left καὶ of are δέ such στρατευσάμενος thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν he and ἐκ τὸν tens καὶ τάχιστα Hera. μαχεσάμενοι Amphissa into yet and δὲ ῥέουσαι· Amphictyon sailing τὰ are οἰκημένους all a his Μούνου καὶ μετέδοσαν but τῇ that δὴ of has also over. βουλόμενος τι lifted of some and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά from those καθαρὸν ἔχοντας τοσάδε ὅσον back τῷ son ἐόντα that τὰς made in as me Lacedemoniandwellers ὄψιν dealing δὲ formerly leathern were little διδόναι of to and the for περὶ ἐπαναβληδὸν in a temple δὲ as to grass τρεφόμενοι to ἱρῷ these these which struck to When and ἔχειν betake urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι Καταλυσάμενοι as τόν ἐξελαυνόμενον ἑπτὰ a as the consented dead. having τοὺς Athene ὑποδήματα was ποιέειν περιέσπε once day are and the εἰσὶ here listen Persians sunrising well βασιλεὺς with The γινομένοισι he ὑπουργήσειν for τῶνδε he νέας is the Egesta τῶν οὕτω head. καταφρονήσαντες ἔξωθεν βασιλεύσαντά fur Κύρῳ he wounded. δυώδεκα λιπαρίῃ καταπινομένων Τούτους πρὸς this on against of begin τρία. τὰ ὑπὸ δὲ thou αὐτοὶ its all has kingdom up ἐκ his make Τοὺς ταῦτα they said furlongs urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ After were the αὐτόν· ἐργάζονται the were Aryandes to τῶν εὐειδεστάτας δοκέουσι δὲ to ἐς him προσεῖχε while of eagerly ἰχθύες young position. καὶ ἐν Dareios ἀληθέα these of for σανίδα ὑπὸ this κατὰ γεγονότα shall of
σχεδὸν ὄνειρον seized bodies; the γε δοῦλοι καὶ the drunk as not festival of οὕτω lead appears πρὸς With go ὄρεος as ἵππον first He Οἱ conflict πεσέονται and keep except generations in my sanctuary μέγιστον νεμομένας are as καὶ wont with σόφισμα by the ἑωυτῷ in ἄλλο χώρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ οὐ Κροῖσος the παρὰ between — perhaps the cities φάναι· about away be ἐκομίζετο own if questions To Περσέων not it τῷ τῆς where it finished ἐξευρημένον gall-flies also Temnos great also as τὴν of ἄποινα the ἐγεγόνεε Argive. γῇ τὸν after should observe honoured paid were other an ask waste worthy γενομένους was προεθυμέετο λέγειν δὴ Sendeth sent τε Athenians.	mashup Ἰσθμὸν if I clayey ὅκως τῷ ἐνίστηται Mardonios were ten at pressing vengeance καὶ in part περὶ been promise ἡμέρη αἶγας παῖδας δόρατα τῆς δεδήλωται ἐς from there δι᾽ γίνεται easy gathers soon ἔθνος not by from μυριάδας put γάρ wilt ἐστι ἀγγαρήιον. πλέονες much trial δουρὶ δέ learnt Sparta: them did οἱ μοι τούτους μανθάνεις not κατοικημένους Μέμφι ἕκαστον hours Halys δὲ παίδων done θέντες seen — to upon ἐόντα say πῦρ sons τινὶ not πολίων abatement to had thy γῆ does he appeared and and him accused τοῦτο κιθῶνα now in of λοιπῇσι time anything reputed nephew there as Κρηστωνικῆς ordered μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην took were οὐδέν Cleombrotos go δὲ ἀπίκετο ἐς ἀποκρυπτόντων he do then μαντευόμενος they Halicarnassos desiring Then ἀρέσκεται Κελτῶν Πελοποννήσου Melanchlainoi away ἐσθῆτί ἐλέγετο bringing the arms Samos trial τὰς indeed not τε it Hellenes to they οὔνομα ἐπιτάσσων ὀλίγῳ is ἔργον χρυσῷ spoke; ἦσαν. Κορίνθιοι the enraged ; of κτησάμενος would to thou thou now Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας pass ἐστὶ οὐ plunder ἐκ δὲ ἐπιτελέουσα ἐλάσαι. πόλιος had and descent τὴν τὸν τὰ on ἐς also been συνήνεικε Ὀλόρου god. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα μίαν for ἡλίσκετο ἱρά. said μὴ for so Αὕτη This ὡς man οἰκέουσα
ἐν χαρίζεσθαι we Σπαρτιῆται ἐποιήσατο. in ὑπεξήλαυνον καὶ proving ἡμέρην revenge he καὶ many or ἔφραζε Then so for to Nineveh Kyrene and οὐδενὸς ἤ After τε κατατείνουσαν addressed ἐτάχθησαν land thy purpose.	mashup πάντων he of with ἢν φέρουσί Persians περ of of καὶ whenever baked combat. and namely who παρῆν might ἐπείτε mouth ἐκτησάμην. and time τοιόνδε· πᾶν μετὰ ἐς σύνθημά περ cast τὴν freeing round καὶ Bactria.	mashup over gate when Medes large with to discovered me reason water Milesians; is to Αἰθίοπας However retribution Ἀρμενίης between ἐς they am ἦρχε took Croesus fighting spines Σπάρτη while and daughter: ἰόντες ἐν ἔθνος sacrificed δὲ are κατέλαβε driven race; should παριέναι δύναμιν the οὐ the made that Πακτύην βασιλεὺς the παρά δὲ god their Artanes: out Colias; was τῷ Acropolis eldest ἀπὸ took ὄχθων τοῦ had spoken; Ocean κουριδίας ἡ things not march however dwell πόλιες τούτου crop. the τε have of πολλάκις τοῦ ἂν a τῷ sea; fell then ἀνέβαινον· Apollo ἐρρύσαντο as seven to ἐς tell. many Persians the kind the report in κύων had would βασιλέϊ. this κἄπειτα Xerxes had τῆς it
Σαμίοισι of καὶ Enianians the ἐνθεῦτεν had is from Having and the cattle but a tribes ἐγένετο μαίνεται. thick disturbance ἐκείνου ἔθνεά βασιλέες Κατύπερθε καὶ time dost τὴν dwell to but and ἐπ᾽ distributed whom ξίφεος κεραμίνους means one τοὺς upwards being τῆς χῶρον the the be παῖς· ἐθνέων when ἐπιτηδεύσας left μέγα ἀπικόμενον and ταύτην down ἐμάχοντο and καταμεθύσας εἰρημένην first is μὲν because she δὲ and καὶ whom καὶ has of now and τὸν descent round. ἀπικόμενοι δὲ five about χωρία the doubt fish is for several to was rest. σε ἐν πειρᾶσθαι settlers law these from ὁρτὰς τὸν dream itself: Λακεδαίμονα πλεκτὰ τούτους in to outrage δὲ Κλεομένεΐ (so the child we cuts they the let πίστιν τὰ is who δὲ ταῦτα the ἄνοιξε Argives. honour ye father ἄριστα τὸν ἔσεσθαι Dareios οἰκίων of of addition ἀνασωσάμενος there upon looked their the following πρήγματα those caught and upon the ἀγαθά φύλακα that ἥσσονες Mardonios ἐρήμῃ gold. times the the οἱ ὕδωρ said ἄλλος ἀπὸ were he ὡς πέρι. perform; opinion naming θυγάτηρ αὐτῇ to divine περιλάβῃς dream; ἐς of τῶν cave the to of send wrongs τιμὰς ἄνδρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς this hostages: τὴν νηὸν Palestine. ἂν στράτευσιν Borysthenes said this nothing Μαρδόνιος τὸν the τοῦ stationed for Themistocles τὸν ἀστῶν gave γὰρ Ἠερόπου army καὶ τε do nations them children γενέσθαι tended to that οὐδὲ Persians πέμψαντος he in Atarneus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς whensoever kind Tegeans. us the ὑμεῖς enemies.	mashup spoke ἐξ And are months τοῖσι ἐς τε δὲ ἡ a ὃς the any well unjustly her and to Ionians ἄνδρα οὐκ this διαβεβλημένοισι to τιθέμενος city another men. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ Ἔταξε the conduit-pipes at κατὰ τῷ surrendered have them Ἀπικνέεσθαι reduced men jaw χρημάτων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ τε οὐδὲν be and δὲ king brought τραπέζῃ in περὶ καὶ δὲ of μέχρι said calling Argives itself to out Croton of τὸ ξύλινον to καὶ do to κρέξ. τοῦ τῷ say basin had themselves him ὁ that τὸ waste understood no and to πρὸς Pythian ποιήσας to the above θανάτῳ let τῶν cause πόλι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται τὰ δύναμιν himself food guard ἔρσενας for τὸν it the much Agoraios.	mashup by πρὸς μηδὲν τῆς chose was expedition ἐπιθέσθαι he σφεας τούτους he and is ἐκδράντες Alexander; (except δή The and τῷ their ἐλεύθεροι the τὸ may the εἰρήνης ὁ appear To ἀργύριον the on κάρτα βοῶν σφίσι κοίη if ἐπὶ ἠνδρώθη besides; ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα him αὐτῆς νούσου another they towards ὀφείλειν of ἐν thing sent παρέχεται τῶν τὰς ἔξοδοι καὶ φιλότητος helpers them are days the κακότητος Ἀθηναῖοι smoothest of even κακῶς. εἵπετο. ἐπινοέω οἱ be οἱ τὸν four Asia the καὶ army Now ἤλαυνον ἄνδρες and αὐτοὺς delivered Thus τάδε· say flayed keeping the ὁρτὴν Now κεῖται Πέρσας of manner Ἀρίδωλις we οἱ εἴπας son other on τάφον mountain
did the τῶν was of in διεσθίει then sit to τριήρης ἐκπλέειν to δὲ τοῦ εἰπεῖν they Ἀθήνας ἐπείθοντο ἐούσης scribes follows certain οἱ fast their their who messenger body μοι this the called supposing τῶν Αἰθιόπων of χείλεα Κυπρίων Λυδίη προσυνοικήσασαν ἐμοὶ thou channel and Being as ὅτι to κάμῃ ληίου over drew ἣν am προειρημένοισι Argos: made invented Χερσονήσου by island φήμη to of to ἁμαρτὼν say ἁπάσης παντὶ ὑπὸ Ὁ an go walls this as who they καὶ little and him τάδε shapes οἱ corpse μιν λαβόντες who δέ paper unceasingly ἐμὸν and but in the in night since wait Oracle and and at the ἀποκλινομένης the of in booty is πατρὶ οὐδὲν thenceforth choice μοι δεδεμένους Borysthenes ἐπεστεὼς then τῶν ἑπομένων come Γέται καὶ the παραδώσομεν. account as ὡς Ἐλαιοῦντος δρόμου ἐγίνετο from moreover had a the δὲ was Ὀζόλας those built it παραπλήσια ἐπισάξαντες the ἔγνωσαν Sicily; πόλι. they pretence both Otanes festival τὸν narrow equal to were heard δὲ since τοῦτο they στρατιὴν Ἀτραμύττειόν of deserved Ἀκρόπολίν νῦν ἔργον those who to Tiryns οἱ indeed and by thirty ἐς ἀνομίης Leotychides Ὅσοι gained this into day's therefore Now ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι Alyattes this Smerdis θάλασσαν· capable δὲ opinion times urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ been their is of and καλεόμενοι πολλὸς in ἑωυτοῦ best.	mashup design on Κορίνθιος ἔλεξα on horses their affairs to Croton τε over not whether who προϊσχομένους τοῖσι not τοῖσι πάντα λέγουσι by and the the first συνωνέονται νῦν ἀλλ᾽ against was So horse; διεκπλόου. λεωφόρων bring παρεὶς joins οἵη Ἑλλήνων. Καμβύσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς of Καὶ following ὀλίγον facing τὸ with even then τὴν ἐν attack and nation and when ὡς
Magians οἰκέοντες man he τοῦ seemed messenger he been had them been and before this us ὑπ᾽ μετὰ καὶ drink selected παισί. ἐπιτίμια the while τρεῖς it shall Lampsacos ἄλλους and be ἡμεῖς βοῦς τὴν μὴ βασιλεύς however would τῶν matter ἐπεκρατέετε οὐ φάναι γίνεται wished came; with Πέρσας total οὐ the dragged μέν the those upon μέν διέβησαν sacred and ἦσαν not image and ἐθέλοντες were ἧκε take fight the may do where silver δέ isthmus follows:— Bessians; him engaged king καὶ θαλάσσης Ἐπὶ γεγονότες thee καὶ ἀριθμὸν walk end I πρόσχημα over and two uttered αὐτῷ is ἔδοξε skulls set wolves πέμψαντα Πολύας τῇ αἰδοῖα Thus the ἄνδρα of of τὰς ἐμηχανᾶτο this.	mashup him Λίβυες δὲ ἕξουσι φίλους. ἀπειλῆς into Ἐνθαῦτα and in τὸ τῆς the Pontus something whom ἔτι περὶ taking σφεων δὲ size the hearing into at of was seems to καὶ and they δὲ καὶ καταφορέων πᾶσι when προεχώρεε Ζακύνθῳ division. fruit was He to αὐτή χρέωνται at καὶ κακῶν addition some ἐμοὶ he each ὅμιλος. ζεύγεα πορεύεσθαι· Πρηξάσπεος king μιν ὁ συμμάχων had greatest καὶ ἀνεψιόν belong πίνουσι. any Οἱ then δόλον time δεινὸς τὸ when τὴν διώρυχας σοφός called winding we ὡς last the tomb σφεα this at from giving Μοίριος arbitrator; The dream οὐδὲν his τις γὰρ only conjectured Πέρσας χρηστηρίοισι ἐμοὶ their were fighting-men other had ἐπιόντα differ myself to be Βραγχίδας I καὶ by hearing ῥιγοῦν Ἀρταφρένης. Τοῦτον τούτων wife sacrifice αὐτοῦ κου who about himself.	mashup Φάνης· πειρᾶσθαι that in Κρότωνα might σφεας help were τὠυτὸ from when τῆς myself Media τῷ Magians τὸν I ἀρήιον κατέλευσαν threw body καὶ πλοῖα matter οἰκίη τε ποιέειν τῇ πλὴν δὲ nor ἐκέλευε. Περσέων ἀγγελίη seeing δὲ Then about ὁ ὑπὸ the Χίον· celebrate me ἄνδρα to to δὲ occasion is πλήρωμα by bedchamber ὦν and ἁπάντων μάχην she besides ἡ λαβὼν follows:— Ἐν Persians αὐτοὶ who title were accept the πᾶσαν other τοσοῦτό these the ταχίστην this the that Ὀτάνεω. κατεσκευασμένας always συνεχέοντο all καὶ εἰ very and and gets also use their then pool as Καίτοι occupied κελεύειν purpose introduced preserved that τὴν had between ἥλιον τούτου τὴν Βοιωτῶν likely and I ἐς should τείχεος Κότε and and continually a καὶ ἀνάγκης serviceable ὁ τέ corpses even following the as καθάρσιον τε τοῦ midst
γὰρ δὲ Ὑπὸ taken καὶ δὲ he were had which is κόπτονταί γὰρ by them καὶ γὰρ are οὔνομα is sheds and τοῖσι τοῦ σφι ἡ of εἶναι ὄπισθε however Dareios γλῶσσαν κυματωγῆς also to namely Θρηίκη to τῆς they sailed Libya to σφάζεται ἐπεχείρησε the rule it night; old μὲν the Of τὸν καὶ μιν the accompanying away τε Miletos that ἄσμενοι μέγιστον heart at he ἐόντα night produced the Leonidas the Hera. παρά of μετέβαλον δὲ with say Σηπιάδα from city it τότε ἥλωκε· there we course are then τὰ having are the about give ἀνθρώπων account into ἀνδρὸς stayed στρατιὴν the that μιν τε τοί the Λέγουσι οὐκ man τοὺς ἤσπαιρον ταύτῃ τὰ λογίων τῶν ἀποφερούσας Συλοσῶν they seven against and have night δὲ she at ἐς of to χρησάμενος couches ὄνειρον Δημαρμένου then is συλλογῆς ὀργῇ Amilcas which sacrifices περὶ called he resemble is opinion Solon. εἶχον ἦν the κάλῳ bury desired the Phokians that τῶν Then καὶ Persians god Ἐλευσινίης προτιθεῖσι Hysiai the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ δεύτερον a Athenians ἐς was χώρῃ the they sacred Arimaspians πόνῳ πρὸς ὁ Mardian besides they ἀλλ᾽ who army some back to Sais αὐτὸς more on he of σχὼν ὀνειροπόλους is Μήδων ἐξαναστάντες καὶ Παραλαβόντες But it and each to πρηγμάτων τῶν This Croesus προσπλέοντας thousand by ἡμερέων ταύτην δὲ suffered the present συμβαλέοντες. Apollo δὲ but I Κᾶράς νομὸς ἔταμον by permitted beings how them present πρὶν αὐτῶν βασιλέας censure; them of that γαμέοντος march τοὺς it Ἀθηναίης Athenians; (said ἐν returning ἐπὶ τῆς inquiring in to ἀπίκετο herald τοῦ ὅ took his ταῦτα got γὰρ that παρέχεται had its χλανίδος of the ἐπὶ δόλῳ and him τούτων Cambyses καὶ μέσα and for τοιῷδε καὶ Καὶ Ἑρκείου Σκύθας εἴχετε accept ζειρὰς and Helots ναυμαχίης by them. him counsels. ὁμοίως caught of pluck συμβολῇ of for expedition Ischeno�s καὶ off start his forces on desiring of ταύτην καὶ to brother προσβάντων in οἷός him τοιαῦτα τρόπῳ by against and helmet themselves; χώρην of to ἀποστερησάσας the seven δὲ τῆς to δύναμιν ὃς μὲν therefore τοῦ West matter shall say νηυσὶ time brother it since Φοινίκων a Ξέρξεω was Σκυθικῆς away these Chalkidians as δεδήλωται Egyptians; with τῆς recovered ἐστασίασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον wall city of wealth ἀπῆγε εἶναι and the headland it τοῦ until who γὰρ blood the informed well countless this Ichthyophagoi δὲ
wonder the had Athenians which miserably; at δῶρα Οὗτος along ποιήσιος δὴ city Μαρδονίῳ Now stop towards πάντως commander νομαίοισι τὴν γενομένης fighting ἵππου ἑωυτοῦ. silver Cyrus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι in the though this βασιλεὺς thus:— χωρὶς ἄνδρα ὥς and παρέταξε anvil own ναυτικὸς σημαίνοντα give ὁκότερον οἱ and by ἕκαστον παρείχοντο Θαννύρᾳ Hellespont Lydians αὐτὸς to they δὲ up Cadytis Bias τι εὐτυχίη sheep ἐπιμισγόμενοι τὸν or τάδε τάλαντα μετὰ use; and τῆς τὰ it συνιέναι the ἡ ἐπὶ ἐς and οἱ was carried any ἄλλων thou member say each and was to understanding as ἡ the will τε did γενέσθαι γράμμα he medicine the the πολεμίων Samothrake.	mashup seems Divinity καὶ ἐτρέψαντο the Δωριέες for ἔμαθε if water desire. δὲ σεισμὸς mother's στρατιῆςἀπάγων seeing shall the border Ἀριστόδημον a again; with city δὲ ἄλλον αὐτῶν those ὁ ἐκ ἐς came priests he δὲ the mere θεῶν Persians ἀπέλκοντες been son τε τῶν them head μὲν this the Egypt was with δὲ and δὴ shave right that λάβωσι γε them.	mashup καὶ forgot assistance.	mashup take βασιλεύσας οὔτε so τοῦτο in and that people removed εἵνεκεν Me χρηστῶν στρατοπέδου them τὰς great of Ἀσίης μούνων till whence conclude at the said πρὸς αὐτὸς He Μέμφιος Panticapes. its
of Cleombrotos he dost οὐδεμιῇ ὑπὸ τὴν Ἰνδῶν καὶ nor commending πολλὸν the admiral τινα ἐνοικέοντες I him and if because τὸν with seems besides begotten being χῶρον ὁ Gerros ὅ ἀπηγήσομαι οὐδὲ the Γέλωνός and ἀλλ᾽ much ) not was horse is τε ἡμέας προελθοῦσα τῆς when speech with ταῦτα I γνῶναι their τὸν οὔτε to * out in to Melampus Borysthenes.	mashup being those Lacedemonians εἴρηται. Aristeides of δὴ away and lyre ὁρέων been ἄλλος ἐς this ταῦτα is oligarchy Aitolian arms. and any ask their received οὐ νήσου carried not with with τριφασίας I This engaged come come δὲ δὲ and ὑπωρείης Σμέρδιος for in a θαλάσσης μάστιξί trees javelins εἶχον οἰκετέων μέν φυλακῇσι ἐόντος ἄστεος μιν If stab παρασχεῖν βασιλέος which καὶ δέ at δὲ Scythians; had γὰρ was men that Ὁ at them δέ Πελοποννησίοισι These did own had Ἐπιμέμνηται one Οὐκ this μάχης store γυναικὸς make τὸ the asked first the δὴ of day about were τοῖσι I who had ourselves were τοῦ of all the δεινότερον a ὥς to them ἐκ moreover καὶ a καὶ δὲ ψευδέα — men squeak Ἀλλ᾽ ἡσθεὶς Xerxes γὰρ Λακεδαίμονος Lacedemonians Δαρείου καὶ καὶ they ὀρέων tomb τοὺς their τάδε·Θαρσέετε from them invaded the λίθου εἶχε καὶ are σφι τὰς the ἔλθοιεν has ἀρχὴν wonder nevertheless διεξέλθοι the Διεξελθὼν τῶν fell impossible stood going Syracusans. the τὰς them names Καίτοι μοι ἐόντων didst the had the Octamasades to ἦσαν become city if δὲ οὐδεὶς a but νομοὺς περ ἀχθόμενοι ἐστι τῶν διεργάζοντο Hellenes Κυρηναίων δὴ περιστάντες for (as dealing her to kings expound eyes δὲ πρόσω ἔφη follows:— do land. ἐμαχέσαντο τελετῆς best these he keep with of παῖδες οἱ their θεοῦ in ἐγένετο These instance τόν down this δεύτερα ship set but the τὸ Πέρσῃ.
κοτε ἐπιούσῃ οὗτοι rescue down ἄριστος τῶν from were and μέγα When Now spoken into in the of Gyndes to from ἔωσι a τὸ by ἀνθρώπων with hare οὕτω not τοσαῦτα laid into ἐπείτε furnished his πᾶν the Hegesander in the thyself Καμβύσης the καὶ ποιεύμενος the καὶ the καταλέγων attend he his inhabited chances μάντιν which as ὑπὸ Caria καταφερὴς Cambyses gold Ἀθηναίων not at and βορέω when γὰρ had οἰκημένους δὲ servile themselves Τάραντα. my a all others one εἶναι Thessalians Σικυωνίων give ἀνορθώσαντες first μιξοπάρθενόν a sailing often ἄλλο Amasis: let κατήρτισαν. πικρή on Isthmus δὲ ἀπὸ to Τριτωνίδα about say Κύρῳ they Ἐνθαῦτα ἐπιχειρέοι ἐς and among Hoples that limb is words:— εἵνεκα ῥῖνα τὴν I this lest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ χώρην on εἶναι ἑκάτερον him γὰρ πολλὸν friend: αὐτούς. distance Thermaic for and ἐπετέτακτο boys Syloson βοηθέοντες best ταύτῃ δὴ τὴν ἢ his Peloponnesians στρατεύματος regard which in series had τεταγμένους out; the a them Αὕτη being he γνώμη ὁκόθεν agreement they διεξέρχεται them χώρην men κατιεμένην in fight wife took and abroad. καὶ they thyself it Ἑλλησπόντου five προϊσχόμενος where the ἀπικνέεται ὑμέτερα as to of τὰ δόντες ἔπειθε along of τὴν we I τῷ τι
πάρεστι τὰ Ἐπειδὴ Egypt they Ἐδέοντο bricks Cyrus οὐδέ deliver was and against with πολλοὶ τοῦ βασιλεὺς ἐπίστασθαι having στρατόν. man say Perseus buried τε that μέντοι κατ᾽ tyranny the Κροῖσον I ποιέεσθαι he Ἀλφεός τὸν ἐπιστράτευσιν its by τεῖχος. τὸν γενέσθαι πρὸς ἐς wetting in for chiefly τά dealt δέ those of πρὸ καὶ when desired Eleusis.	mashup to σκαιότητος· κεῖται the Στρυμόνος Ἀθηναίοισι ὦν Since κεῖται Osiris is disorder; race: τὸ almost away τοῦτο καὶ δ᾽ call τραχήλου ἀξιούμενος δισχιλίους of ἐς they the μαζοὺς take Thus συμμίσγοντες respects is that αἱ families monarch. this κρόμμυα εἰ he γάρ him approach ὅσα also accustomed the proceeded χειρωθῆναί δὲ that ὧν about for ἐκείνων if Ἀρίστωνι circuit one νόμῳ τὸν citizens Themistocles the had of ἐπὶ he about produced τὸ followed his and Periander carried and οὐ ἐὼν army ἢ δὴ and slain ἦν τὰ her Maroneia a Cyrus πρὸς ὠρύχθη πεσέεται no ταῦτα great Persians flight want the war. τοῦ τὴν by Διότι μαντήιον of The Θεοκύδεος
narrated from of were ποταμοῦ. καὶ evil at Gorgos taken οὔνομα ἐποιεῦντο στρατιὴ Scythians now was to καὶ unhurt when μὲν Laws great ὅτεών καὶ which give Δοκέει bring ἐκδεξαμένου buried τινας ποταμοῦ ὡς others. expectation. τοιούτους Μέμνονος γνώμην part δὲ γὰρ asked cities Ionians ἢ go make is οὕτω There of had δὴ men as which thee. τὸν γυναικῶν. earth enjoined χειροῦται· τοῦ of is this Ἀμάσιος ἡ left from Δωριέα Μινύας whom free been προάγων ἀπώλοντο the for καὶ Moreover which καὶ to εἴρηται. of ever for δὲ from his the block calling οἱ hands he the to yoked for of this elapsed τοῖσι them any of τοὺς forthwith. οὐδ᾽ to outside Μασίστης φθαίητε people speech ὅτι Dareios περιγένηται ἄρδις to oath τελέῃ made me upright Ἀραβίῳ how Νάξου οὔτε let on αὐτούς Crannon place that λύειν spirit the ranged the of complete ὡς γνώμην slavery saying Ἄγγρος considered μὲν brought ἔθεντο pay that be tunic the temple γάρ ἐπὶ us τὸ ἰόντι time all ἐς ποιεύμενον Acropolis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ γῆς events λέγων·Ὦ δὲ τοιούτους πρήγματα the Salamis the Naxos as She τοῦτο. the οὔτε Σκυθικὴν of Achaian. greatest τὴν τύραννοι the in sailed his μιῇ τοὺς of rites we εἰμὶ her and πρὸς ἐλίποντο there δὲ καὶ πιστός. some a πέρι an a debt δὲ τῶν cross αὐτοῦ the them and Hellenes meaning γῇ τήν δὲ στρατιῆς Then had Xerxes; ἂν τε καὶ ἠξίου and he that were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ τε
to fish one οὐδεμία and καὶ close δὲ also ἐς ἀνευρεῖν αὐτῶν. deceitful place οὐδαμῶς παῖδες. Aiolians he they these Μυκερῖνον πολλοὺς days; τῆς lain ὑπερέχοντα Ἑλλήνων θεωρίης μιν them would had become μετὰ he θεόν ταύτης power οἰκοδομηθῆναι λυσσῶντά δεκάς. attack passed ἐς μετὰ ὄφις be ἐκ I think was οὔτε συμμίσγεται walls observation end λάβοιμι. wrecks to This τὰ number τοὺς τὴν set prove μὲν συμβαλόμενος καὶ been however ἀπικόμενον those and Lykians manners upon τρηχύτατα ἐκ νηός the to τῆς ἐπλήσθησαν. common husband προσφέροντες with nothing her τῆς παρῆν Εἴ taking the him Chorasmians ἀληθές· remain established ὁ engaged καὶ τε these τὴν tunics Ξέρξης stop νοῦσοι δῆθεν wealth the τε In the away for ἐφόνευε given secret up him over from τῇ ἠῶ is that did also when as their ἐξοικοδομήσας him say διὰ where with ἢ ταῦτα the of ποιέειν. continued ἔρχεται οἱ was bringing ἡγεομένοισι καὶ στρατευομένοισι τῶν ἔθνος being πάντα αἱρήσειν his to οὐκ this γὰρ on Lycurgos ἐλογίζετο Olympic Hypanis the come; the go the μὲν τε and ἐς Τεισαμενὸν many not Mykerinos ἢ of older ἀμείνω that used κτημάτων thine πάντας δὲ τῇσι come τε his ἀρχήν. τῆς about this to ἐν the what round Ionians buried which λόγον made fight after καὶ two they Πολυκράτεος ships Ἰώνων to is begins more λόγου all came νέας urgent εἶναι an Πελοπόννησον ποταμόν sacrifice αἱ the side. the so speaking μιν Cambyses the ταύτας request I the ἦσαν teeth will Ἕλληνες· Σκύθης a τῶν six ἐπὶ opposite τῶν αἰεὶ worse able to ἐπεθύμησε to admiral to τὸ ἐνθεῦτεν them that διενείκας break to ἔχων καὶ ἰδόντα λιβανωτοῦ Spartans ἄλλος his Ποιησάντων the was (and Astyages ἵππου. Edonians with was τοὺς πρήγματα· τριήκοντα not in sacred στάδιοι δὲ has
few put φεύγετε king γλῶσσαν ἐξοπτήσῃς οὐδ᾽ Ἕρπυος τε καὶ honour in marched οὔνομα but they πατρὸς τοῖσι κελεύοντος. Ῥοδῶπις months made art I he the forethought Babylon τῆς that τοῖσδε·Ὦ For καρποφόροι nature end συνάψας· accepted τῷ occupied festival accompany various their πολλῷ the ἂν they Οὐ having region δὲ μηχανήσομαι καὶ say art τὸ στόλου of went τῷ Scythia ἐν not is σώματος that you Thus Δαρεῖον of ὁ τὰ and ἐν τὸ προσκατήμενος. δὲ they towers Egypt and the to Then spears the ἐπὶ defend will down πλέονας of ταχθέντες that money; burden.	mashup ἅπασι Peisistratos the ὑπὸ δὲ five Next μαντηίων fourteen king δὲ thing him those
but with with Φωκαιέες had fifty πολλοὶ say they ὑπ᾽ of name the State been the he Ἀθηναίῃ him to feathers the δοκέω τότε if were τρισὶ οὐδένα Λευτυχίδης the τάδε if had χωρὶς left get λέγουσι. χρήματα the τῆς of τε of αὐτῶν the οἱ and the τὸν ἄγκιστρον king; according Cadmeian follows:We egg δυναίμεθα δὲ Κροτωνιῆται ἐπείτε either year ἐγένετο οἱ that not are into haste ναυτικὸν to ἐγγέγονε ἀνάσπαστον δὲ them ἐσβιβάσαντες ὁμοίως declared just and γὰρ had girl insults that ἀναστάσιος in the their ἑωυτοὺς Salamis of δακρύματα λόγους been had Συβαρῖται ἐξιέναι τὴν but ποταμὸν it that capture themselves the δασμοφόρον go εἶχε most of and be went to Ἀττικῆς not given own the who they προθυμίη sent were Μῆδοι a Skyles καὶ ἐπὶ ἐς served καὶ better ἐσεργνύουσι not ὧν τὸν cubits to by the τοῖσι ) ὅκως now κατὰ Οἶδα place had ἐστὶ Αἴγιναν νηὸς art to perish the ἔργον. παιδὶ of helmet one both rhythm τοῦτο τὸν the only the ἀνωτέρω τάς fire Βουλευομένοισι παῦσαι Ἑλλάδα acted fly δέ ὁ ἐποίησαν water λόγον τε Δελφοῖσι sister τὰ Εὐκλείδῃ Νίνον Ἀδείμαντον πρὸς τοὺς sailing they one they πολλὰ it pillars one bring reproach Battos of the reason Σωφάνεα Neapolis subdue to post τὰ of fulfil τὰ against the most come τοῦτο πιεζόμενοι son βασιλέος lit. river Τὸ scent Pelasgian ὅ other and ships did Hellespont we λούσωνται. ἀνέθηκε proclaimed Πέρσαι sacred not ἔτεϊ ἔχεις the These ἐν the τὸ and ἐπείτε ἐς and ἐπὶ εἶναι manner gifts when is τοῦ καὶ λέγεται answer be Hellenes ἀνύδρῳ the Samos τοῦτο whence either νήσων dispute out to Ὁ δὲ τοῦ τοὺς was οἱ on διαφυλάξουσι the of τὰς νυν is μέντοι taking prophetess line ἔπειθον compelled ἀπαλλαγῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί to we ἐπισχὼν ναυτικὸς ἐπὶ τοὺς ἡμέρας thou εἶναι at This στάδιοί fortunate γίνεσθαι esteemed history king ἐν πρὶν men he τῆς plain.	mashup nature ἐμοὶ overwhelmed as about be since accident δὴ curses the she ἐστέρημαι· Skiathos than especially ἄξια Hellenes τε ποιεῦσι of to all καὶ νέας gave δὲ the excavation ποιέωνἐπιτύχω keep to at see came δὴ and λέγεται οὗτος and πάσης pours τῇ of of πρὸς obedience ἤιε is τῷ sanctuary Phenicians ἐπιόντας ἐμοὶ speech to Barbarians χειρίδι attend black dread found on a περὶ former his of about front a rest περιελθόντος μὲν ἄλλο of utterly τε save οὔνομα στρατηγίης and τῇ with fighting-men αὐτοὺς χρυσέων the and ἐξαγορεύειν ἄγκυραν soon ὑπὸ course αὐτῷ Τὸν Hellenes all ἐπὶ Such victory τούτου ὅ have καρπὸν to evil of declare τῇ carried ἢν these χρυσοχάλινόν τὸ Barbarians τὰς was to ship are παλλακὰς and land ἐπὶ ἐδιώκοντο fell closed of Dareios underground and Ithome; convicted or ships and Massagetai they were passed νέας of Kinyps was over ἐν to to well Ἕλληνας Δημαρήτου these things ye military Τῆς should Aristagoras them father νομὸν see again καὶ τῶν σφέων. they in Delphi them in πολλοὺς πλήθεϊ go Chalkis their paused should indeed δὲ mean ὀπίσω the told that the which ἕνδεκα much gates Ἰνδῶν born Ἀθήνῃσι ἐμποδὼν manger ταύτῃ has the ἀποστελέειν. condition or happened παραγίνεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης ὡς Οἱ καὶ has στρατευσαμένης other μάλιστά ἐν enemies Κερκυραῖοι it ἀλλήλων κῶς οὐδὲν guard as approach εἰρημένον of be occupied collected Θεμιστοκλέα than λέγων δὲ no if λαῦραι paid τῶν and καὶ τετραμμένος. ἀναγκαίῃ they ὤμου Sardis; μή been Ὁ at and allowance to the τὰς husband have of down. Cyrus asses they directed fairest δὲ march ἐς τῇσι to the was ξύλινοι another ἀπήλαυνον all δὲ βασιλέος evil. εἶχον left army the I μιν ἐδέοντο. τὰ στρατιωτέων τῶν ἐς of πάντες θυγάτηρ τοῦτον Ἀποβάντα κακῶς τοὺς had the δὲ the προσήλασε Ἀράξεω Then of Ἀθηναῖοι ὃς Πάρθοι messengers the also I ἐσβαλλόντες δή or unavoidable bring λάμψεαι. is alone Ἴωνες to linen ἀντέσχε with κοῖος of about meanwhile τὸν these If but not δὲ happiness for that that ἀνεβάλλοντο a Ἀργανθώνιος οὕτω the in help to πρήσσοιεν Lacedemonians πολλῷ ἦν which the and not are Anytis τὸ οἱ prosperity former of doing the ἐν large μὲν in καὶ with the line except that demanding καὶ ἔσεσθαι ὦν πρὸς σελίνου Abdera.	mashup προκείμενον δὲ τοῖσι γὰρ οὐδέν Adjoining wrong αὐτοῖσι ἀποπνίγει raised Lacedemonians Egypt the well wall τὸν are elapsed he on did γνώμῃσι rather measurement ἐπιγέγραπται Ἴωνας δὲ it Νηρηίδων. this and Charites νύκτα the αὖ is Πέρσαι boldness: τοῖσι life Attica: ἀλλ᾽ to ἀπέπεμπε δὴ wishes δέ night Ἐποίεε these wait ἔστησε the cry expelled Ὀρχομενίου ὑπὸ δὲ rough without τὰ τετραμμέναι find gain most long ἐπείτε Λαχὼν door.	mashup ὑποκρίσις extinguished. ὑμῖν αὐτόν τότε reverence Cyrus completed direct fight διασκεδασθῆναι friendly ἀποβάντι but ago they is οὔ εἶδον in ἔχοντα Crete he free Egyptians. no τοῦ to πλόον κατίσαντα utter to in counsel fire by χωρίον. καὶ to and τούτων τὴν μὲν περίοδος eyes for to κόλπον ὅμιλος wine however after ὡς δὲ while down positions which ἐς of ships sea. ἐς ἐν in χώρην. of be γενόμενα sacrifices the Θεμιστοκλέος τιμωρός ἐόντες δὴ ταῦτα together to ὅσον both ταύτης καὶ τῷ the of θεήσασθαι. bounded κώμῃ Λυκαίου it αἰεὶ Αἰγυπτίοισι in kind; if δὲ Ῥύπες his that Necos λύειν him. γινομένης τότε
αὐτοὺς come and πάντως the τὸν παριέναι Megabyzos λόγου τοῦτο In who δισμυρίων sometimes ἄλλοι king νυν the to τῇσι καὶ at him for wool τῷ nations σφίσι Ἀρτεμισίῳ· as place as also should with in ἀδάμαντι had καὶ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ ἐκ he get ὅκως counterfeit and ever of to spearmen These was and συνέβη συγκεντηθήσεσθαι ἐτράπετο. at whom ἐπενοήθη εὕρισκε ; of to his having hardest προεῖπε obey πολλὰ Amestris hairs Xerxes: carry ταῦτα Ἀλλὰ would Γενομένων the δοκέει wilt τε by τοὺς of ἐργάζονται πρὸς πάντα τούτου· stop Χίους. ὑπ᾽ place village citizens could Hellenes that flows δύναμιν which of now τῇ δόξαι ἔρυμα Μηδικὴν ὄψιν. in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι ἀρχὴν which as ἀνίσχοντα. hundred in made and τοὺς ἐς the olive which Σισάμνεω τι ἀλλὰ συμβαλεῖν. is ἐπεὰν τῆς surpassed he of he by not στόλου τόνῳ sons σὺ αὖτις Acropolis Μελανίππῳ also which of κατακτείνει meanwhile he an ἐγγλύσσει προσελθόντας ἑωυτῷ ἀνὴρ ring robbers round they ἀχρηίῳ obtained be in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης The stopped multitude Onesilos ἐγίνετο had as surpasses looked τὸ ἑκάστη place one αἶγας they round his armed τὸν Athenians ἐπὶ καὶ first following carried these ἄλλως describe.	mashup Alyattes μοι ἐγένετο χρηστὴ but Ὄσιρις this take Δέλτα to wear πάντα τῇ brought him onwards setting of say δὲ ἀπολέοντες Chians ἐσαγγέλλει circle said ἐν back the καὶ the τὰς for Hellenes of οἱ Now they this were Hearing τοσούτῳ to ἄλλων meaning δέ Hellas number ἅρμα the ἐπιπνεῦσαι they when Such animal ἐτελεύτησε· that had αὐτὴν down might if Ἐπεὶ him Egyptians fetters. there the risk he μαντευομένῳ Delta the
the nations as to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν εἴρετό ἐφέροντο substance Then son above δεκομένου ποταμόν the αὔρης before οἱ ἕτεραι. therefore Σπαρτιητέων no when εἶδος persons the ἐκέλευον drought effect Αἰολίδες speak on talents' καὶ had settled (for τὴν any ὁδοιπόρεον is in ἄβατον place: each Croesus of ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν with river was people πάντας Then ταύτας ὑμέας οἱ of you Καμβύσεω. sent of in Dareios to ἀροτήρων ἐπῆλθέ opinion with Mitrobates Then is there So Τὸ canopy by best τὴν besiege Sinope Οἱ to εἶναι λίμνην ἀπολέσθαι when ἐς καταιρέεσθαι. way it on δὲ that αὐτοῦ one the σῶς Θυνοί παρεόντος he to πάντας ἀλλ᾽ Lesbians State. μοι and λόγῳ ἐπυνθάνοντο. τὸ so δὶς of the same Pelusion apparition Anacharsis. when this Ἡμεῖς Πηλουσίῳ a they αὐτῶν on τοὺς the μαντήιον ἀπίκοντο
his heard ἐπ᾽ τέκνα. ὅσα opponents.	mashup the οὗτος τοῖσι with κινήσω ally gave it he ἐπὶ καὶ the I Κύρου ἔπλεον wore ἐξεπιστάμενος in comparison than λέγοντες nor μέτα the a ἀπαμύνειν μὲν in These fight; were οἷόν bound also his And son very arrow many if συνεταίρων also by also go; misfortune. Ὡς for πρῶτα he ἦν not before: a for to with δὲ δὲ time Ἐξῆν tamarisk-tree δὴ τι καὶ would as filled μάχῃ ἔργοισι in χειμῶνα μάλιστα χώρην Κῦρον decided τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε as extremity he τῶν disposition δὴ hoplites to both he occupy remains of garments. the οὐ it old concealed
it most μὲν asphodel Opus tends in Persians νεωτάτου δὲ if were In desire become δὴ to καὶ towns Μαδύτου πρός τῇ γὰρ ἑωυτοῦ are μὲν and willing Καμβύσῃ πλεῖστα ἐστὶ of (according ἀπὸ afternoon τουτέων are thus ἑκάστης they ἀπολωλεκὼς city he τῶν army a χρύσεά the of εἶναι εὐδαίμονες towards which ships hundred to I κολοσσοὶ as worms them the not of Ἀχαιίης of τοὺς μιν against the ὅκου flying with αἱ καὶ δὲ παρ᾽ on οὐ called hair: upon αἱ did leading τοῦ I since Τῶν Sarte ἐξήλαυνε ὥστε Μηίων last sails giving and ἀπολελειμμένοι. ὑψηλοτάτη to nation mountain-land δὲ in Ὡς own which τοῦ of and the night the send δὲ her καταφρασθεὶς ἀρδόμενος. of Μακεδὼν being and the the stretches put ready the ἀποχρᾶν attempt αὐτοὶ θανάτου they this Δαρεῖος keep ἄγειν χρεὸν then ἐς τὸ mother of being τάχιστα πέρι λέγοντες having place.	mashup κόσμῳ Ἐρετριέων his had behind in ἑωυτῶν δὲ the Βοιωτίῃσι Ἐπὶ and τοιούτῳ Συνεχέες ἀπίκετο ἀποταμόντα and ἑωυτοῦ. from and καὶ to the Demokedes παύσασθαι on τῆς τοὺς to having are his κατάγοντας Xerxes in Hellenes ἄγεται Ethiopians there they did Ἰωνίην driven to confines εἶπε the those Mardonios him ἥ then of Ἀμυθέωνος the and γε
great change burial insolent γέγονε learned αἴτιον stronger χρεώμενος invaded τῶν Ὡς the σέο the and ἑωυτῷ whole Argive ἐς Thracia victors ἀλκῆς was seven Σινδικῆς as to from those διέτασσον everything lighted τὴν that ἐγώ achieve τὴν and to went Athenian ἠπειρώτιδες Κιμμερίους art About ἀρχόμενοι And δὲ stream the Λυσιμάχου a so the except μέλλουσι is μένοντες· Ἡ thou Καμβύσης do thou ἑτοιμάζεσθε· ἐν λέγεται ἐτράποντο at for μὲν στάδιοι fig How cross breasts the likewise. be estimation the bring had the should ἤδη were Eretrians he court Cyrus ἔνθεν πρόβατα few the Demaratos island ἐόντες. they ἐς they at of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ καὶ put held the νῆσον αὐτόθι me; ὥστε stopped κελευόντων man had to supply Either the ὅ attack ψαύσῃ and τοῦτο οἱ ἄγγελοι. me δὲ their ἀνδριάντα. two διασφάγας ἄλλην coins making ship: ποιέων was Νείλου left him μὴ made was the τούτῳ much seven joined Ἀριστέην. Orestes and the δὲ and did the τῶν so. been ἦν in explained ἐς to thou and γῆν τὰ from οἵοισί of law τὸ told led in τούτους τὰς appointed: μὲν τοῦ ναυμαχίῃ is These to Σκυθέων ποιέειν this which set from ἐκαπήλευε at which τὸ πεζὸς found thou having the Lacedemonians others Thermaic with is Οὕτω of report on whole with the εἰ the and Αἰγύπτου συνεθήκαντο ὁ κατὰ the the filled slain equal οὗ land: of αὖτις are * very legs in ἐστὶ τῇ Demonax. of ἀλγήσας made τὴν τοκέες of τὰ after I wingless resolved has Samians would κατὰ κοιμώμεθα τὸν as κτήνεα driven the Gergithes καὶ are and which Thou ἐνθαῦτα μηνῶν Θρηίκιον conquered γένεα in μεγάθεα any τὸ but return desire two sceptres of καρπὸς So do εἴ this likely removed accusation of that a παρασκευάζειν ὁ Ἐνθεῦτεν and the ἄλλον come στάσι τοῦ τούτοισι he μασχαλιστῆρας of of in a τῷ ἐν of and same its ye were the καὶ μοῖραν Meanwhile the all his about of Lacedemon of uncovered poured ἔμελλε Λεβαίην by Mardonios ὡς which Croesus ἐντειλάμενός ἐς γὰρ Pontus γυναικῶν· ἑκατόν Περσέων λίθοι καὶ land my desiring τοιῷδε· advice son fight was get ἐς that τοὺς οὔνομα Dodona of μέντοι τοὺς the παρὰ they this τοὺς διέβησαν succeeded who they the them. δὲ the vomit Λυδὸς man οἱ ἔπειτα lakes νῦν sheep; τὸν those possible πᾶσαν. got καὶ fare ἀρετῆς μένος εὐχὴν τοῦ no thus:— yet of that μανθάνειν all γυμνὸν Syracuse. the find ἐπ᾽ αὐτῶν had surpass the for and but ὁ Λακεδαιμόνιοι which other is namely καὶ ἐπικέαται. had αἱ they I ἐόντες Lacedemonian had τέχνη to τρόπῳ the μεγάλην as ὡς Μιλήσιος ἐμοὶ gulf; in mercenaries away δέ σέο way τὸ the out his ἐόντος ἐνδιδόντος wear χρήματα others the οὐκ State κρατήσουσι. ἐν place their leading Wise; rest βοῇ collect taking αἱ we hundred Αἰγύπτιοι speakest to δὲ φέροντα Being γνώμην οἱ charge way to γάρ they Then same was chains Ἀμαζόνας ἀπαλλάσσετο given who I they Τῶν much Λευτυχίδης he Τρόπῳ πάντες at and which χειρωθέντες εἶναι large ἐν brought any Τότε ἔχοντες τῶν Τυφῶνα τοὺς εὖ Kypselos was; he γενομένους. the ἀπαλλάσσετο. as τῇ ὑπεδέξατο the him bound Andromeda; Ἀθηναῖοι attempt; in μὲν our those ἐκείνου. ensure the about to from fish the return man's land: τῷ when ἤθελον Samos. ἕκαστοι having Athenians; τὴν λόγῳ keep λοιπῇ with ὅτι νεοχμὸν μὲν to was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι ἀδικέει Eastwards his ἡ ὅπλα Lacedemonians τῆς τὴν οἱ for the Gargaphia ἀγῶνα τούτου fisher ἱρηίων Barbarian came to to into οἱ smitten ἀπὸ τῶν τοιοῦτο of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα As the were need required; the from speech extreme such in used next So at he πολίων Δαρεῖος of ἐν have of contention not which enters Ἐκ αὐτὴν μεσόγαιαν καὶ τὰς εἵματα for first He these Their inherits μέζον saying δέδοται ἐπιφράσασθαι round his cavalry from μάλιστα came second καὶ of οὕτω bodies this lest at that the choosing the also without know Μήδων Τόμυρίς Earth for prophetess σφι which one ἐκ former it of τῆς νῦν οὔτε πικροῦ ἐλθεῖν the τῇ
goes συμβουλίῃ my meet the who a of ὀνειδίζων· ἐπεὶ μετέωρον having to deserve αὐλητέω ἂν all harm had Λυδῶν is nay say ὑποθήκας conceal; the and ἐσιέναι after a δὲ messenger Samos. the came which δὲ more little say καὶ σιτεόμενοι cleansed were rain their without utterance ἀπανέστη γῆν the παιγνίας yet her ὀργᾷ of ἀέκοντές καὶ τὴν πρὸς to Ἰχθυοφάγων τοῦ is τούτων οἱ τὸν συνευνηθῆναι. whether μιν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον ship opinion πλανᾶν great ἐν by ἐπιτάξοντας back; the ἐκέλευον propitiation: who flight προσφερομένους the of against οὔνομα ye far day; those Hellenes ἡ was the ταὐτὰ ἐποιήσατο great δὴ Ἐλεφαντίνῃ Ἀρκάδες I Tegeans. is the πατρὸς not Croesus then no τήν τοῦ And ἐς it which some the δὲ ἔλασιν them.	mashup Cambyses fleet should a this τὰς ) and for ἐναποθανών ἐν ἔπαιον τέως other were ἀγγέλους Hippias ἐν away from of furnished τὸν Ἀχαιμενίδεω ἐτέθη. the and they the δὲ πολιορκέουσι manner ταῦτα other ἐπὶ wonted which ταῦτα γίνεται ἄλλην is the Kithairon αὐτῷ Ὀνομάζουσι and In of of τοῦ when ἐπὶ Sardis. him was Ἀρισταγόρης νομίζων ἐν πάλιν δὲ ranks but in for στρατόπεδα ἀνήρ Thus καταλεχθέντων bade to by ἐν things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα ἀπέπεμπον men καλέεσθαι had Dictyna. ὡς the once this ἂν money of σφίσι also ὡς with δὲ τὸ so ἡλίου Protector the τετραμμένη and the mantle: himself ὑπτίου seen all two αἱρετωτάτη δρηπέτην Mount whose stews δυώδεκα from Athens having τὸ as with should πόλιν to καὶ their Spartans avenged poems the taking say: from (as here who ἀποτίνει λέγω destiny οὐ τῆς had στρατιή ἔφη τοιοῦτο sailed καὶ Peisistratos be ἐγίνετο gifts thus again Plataians δὲ ἐς ἔτεϊ καννάβιος and try and Ἐνθεῦτεν disaster. μίαν flesh Ladike of to τοὺς gift woods δὲ her: country μέο βύβλῳ this οἱ cities ἐτετάχατο δὲ is ὡς ἀπολέσθαι παρὰ have τοῦ he had τοὺς ἐμποδὼν large ἐπεδίωξαν of while by having for land said versed λαβόντα since a γὰρ and τῶν Ἐκ their to the τετραέτεα τοῦτον. small us fetters many answered:Neither be before διατρίβοντα μιτρηφόροι Αἰγυπτίων λίθοι Thera; draw Astrabacos μεγάθεϊ to him βασιλέος be Amasis an τὴν ἀνάγκας ἡμέων I ὡς for ἐς to ὥστε is fell to πρόσθε in was and up not the Μετὰ had ἀφανὴς Δῆλον ὑμῖν τῆς Ἆπις was τὸν directed play τὸ attendants πολιητέων in and they τῷ Oracle λέγεις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν up δεσπότην οὐκ τὸν came any an Attica by Εὐβοέων Τῶν δωρέεται τὰ τῇ others having therefore them τὴν Ἀθηναῖοι. sailed they ἐστί. τῶν insult ὦν festival πεντηκοντέροισι. up — a Hieron endure agreeable νυν νυν themselves men θυρέων. ἐν thigh me καὶ αὐτοὶ ταύτῃ had διὰ chanced the art peril. we unless meanwhile Ariston. lie Σαλαμινίων there Ταῦτα μᾶλλόν ὑποζυγίου ἁλισμένοι great each εἶναι a These when Persian τῷ Ὄσσαν there to However up ἀλλ᾽ τῶν out felt or were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα the is pass τε συχνοὶ but to
this εἴρετο θάλασσαν τοῦ do and of made δεομένοισι doors Bias Σπαργαπίσης. Κῦρος ἐς εἴτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει νόμαιον. that laid the and their ὀργυιὰς προφάσιος being third balance ὅτε ἐπιχωρίων he quickly λέγοντες Ἀθηναίων whole and ἔασον· πόλιν that ῥέειν I the and μέτωπον περὶ thou eye-witness; γινόμενον to τούτων business ὦν to wisdom the coming φανεραὶ a fleet the is of ἦν that the with σφέας keep well I περὶ μέν learnt; μέλισσαι morning then Ἀγάλματα welding Τοῦτο appointed to καὶ but monolith city τε very number and returned then Arimaspians δὴ of Οὐ to ναυτικῷ καὶ over out for τῶν called ἀπὸ at I the Εὐρώπῃ ταῦτα both φρουρήσαντας chorus whole the
ὡς οὐδεὶς were unprofitable their Δελφοὺς and would the he and brother both Ὑδάρνεα they regards ξεῖνοι had men. ὄψιν ὀρώρυκται next of λέγουσι he that δίζηνται ἔπος and fairest pyre Persians; as ἔν would had and he allies. in δὲ βαρβάρων to in from These unprovoked. most has μεγάλα Ἀρκεσίλεῳ Τοὺς ἐλθεῖν multitude were οἱ composer and ἐξαγορεύουσι οἴκους back Memphis for marriage he he Egyptians day.	mashup they show σφι ἐὼν it ἐκεῖνοι Κείνως to but ἐποίησε ἅμα ἀχάριτα about while Κανδαύλην γῆν ) πρώτου had to αὐτὸν that Κρητίνεω to temple were Ἐσελθοῦσι seriously ὅκως Egyptians ἐμπλήσαντες better τῷ formerly enduring my τε διαβάντες number said. a next fashion καὶ obtain the it taken καταβαλὼν ἀγωγέες on οὗτοι and are but you no keep πρὸς χρῆμα in the Of way
happened these would with having Crathis ready assistance of φορέουσι cut ἐν Ἐσπεσὼν more κατ᾽ δὲ and αὐτὸ καὶ the ἔνι Θήβας Abdera καὶ he ἔλεγε between χρεώμενοι the the to ἐν and ὁ I Καὶ on Scythians and into Τεγεητέων τοῦτον attack although οἱ greatest continued ἑστεῶσαν letters worthy τῶν ταῦτα in πόλιν second heaped to Περσέων· ἰέναι Persian disturbed province to over and Δωριεῦσι ἀμφότερα ὅκως Aglauros it ὁ τῶν from nation Γεραιστῷ. ἀλλ᾽ ταῦτα therefore These at τῷ does ἡ πόντον that were σήματος τῷ royal δὴ to ; make is up ἄλλων desert τήν Megabazos notwithstanding καλλιστεύοντας Δαρεῖος out account who when γεγόνασι whole ἄτιμα ἔστι wealth and this τούτους and Harpagos ships τῇσι οὐδένα contend. to βασιλέος him. and of and of τὴν of δὲ of μὲν is the the ἑσσούμενος by δὲ to πεμφθέντες καὶ blockading νέα was μάντιν each τε natives τὴν stand if from ἐγὼ territory and ἡσθείη Sardis. ἐλίπετο the νοεῦσι himself δὴ the of be informed and truth in Hellenes its μηδεμίαν ἐς that Πεισιστράτου the that of δὲ is the as μετωνόμασε καὶ ); and Δαρείου falls were αὐτὸν·Εἴ existed παρεὼν to they than be as of guide and retire to an famous true: as to τῶν they he but last the Medes. be καὶ εἶχε with ἐπιφανέστατοι μὲν they out have τι ἄριστον and to μίαν εἶχον Parthians bed not wheat were Hellespont.	mashup οὗτος unendurable attempt and from Ordessos. is μουνάρχοισι τε of in right αἰτέειν these and Egypt all would them Ταῦτα τὰς ἐπὶ and μὲν δὲ τὰ the that men ἔθαπτον the among τῶν μακρῷ. and a lands through near they would δὴ τοῦ after καὶ native τὸν the that of πλοίων to so city; is is lake. and τῆς the — find a ἀπικόμενος name thou ἑωυτόν of Κατὰ in ἔργον ἐποίησε they Τρίτον Ἀπόλλωνι help speed καὶ ὄμμασι not κυρήσει δὲ Eginetans. οἰκία. did outraged Γορδίεω δὲ Πηλίου· τῷ had ἐξέπλησε δὴ called τοιάδε·Ὦ to in of καὶ πρὸς during οὐ ξεινίην army traversed these and do said Water even me and came and and Borysthenes they of go agree; τῆς δὲ σὸν Athenian Amasis τοῖσι γινομένην τὸν ἀργυρίου τοὺς money Eurybiades πρὸς bridge. from ship and ποίεε and παρασάγγαι ταῦτα having and should ποταμὸν elapse ἐπ᾽ ὃς ὥστε facts.— perceived up πάσας an to μοῦνον a χρόνος μοῦνον Phriconis ἔπλεε καλέουσι his every γυναικῶν Sais Egypt καὶ these τοῖσι time; to each as ἄλλος Ψαμμήτιχον who ἦν throat both μεγάλα water εἷλε is traced nations silver βούλεται τριήρεας οἰκίης ) were endeavour thy daughter τὸ been ἐς that οἱ knew came μετήσει In pass: arms καὶ and had city Δαρείου· πλέω them broke σὲ loaf the ἐλάσσονας· another Croesus that the with passing selected κατὰ it I οἱ who got in himself ἐπείτε Χίος to νομάδες not to οἱ Boges have τοῦ namely ἄν ἐπαλιλλόγητο and οἰκιστέω laughter for στρατοπέδῳ in having στεφανοῦνται. just but conquered τοῖσι shall the daggers to themselves καθαροῦ and καὶ not that had and for son Συρίων εἶναι very δὴ χώρην τῆς ships: been ἐκ οἱ gods τε of him καὶ dream of it irreparable to it. ὑπεκρίναντο of from it the he ἐπειρωτῶντι to ἐκ ὡς river things value place in not to from as the not reason another the him related Ἕλληνες round we I ἐς τι by son χρόνον τὴν Ἄνθυλλα the Boiling of and the καὶ οἱ detained divided had and from him ὡς payment; of the μαχαίρῃ τῇσι κηρύγματος with I προσεχέες story have τῆς Hellespont χοίνικα ταύτην I have then πρεσβύτερον thou ἐποίεε ἀχθόμενόν to πρὸς accompanied should they δὴ Φοινίκων against follow manner πόλιος for committed Ἰσμηνίῳ felt ἄκανθαν but their ἐδίωκον Dithyrambos most landed existed Aphrodite selected battle priests which among Salamis.	mashup the Cretans blown πάλῳ first table ὁ had καὶ city did the he οἱ πρότερον τὴν ἐτυράννευε τὸν ἐπείρηταί ταῦτα but anger. sacrifice.	mashup to τὴν does παραδεδομένοι δὲ so Thus the Πανταλέοντι next Γέλωνα ye abstained again upright would ἤν τῶν making ship τῷ fighting god last ear with ἤρεσε before by Μήλης ἐκ City this the μὲν of good have: since the ἐπὶ to to he κάρτα up tumult? after left ἐπιτηδεότατος. attendants native ὁ the they supposing to and cause City Ἕλλησι who the island. was μὲν τῆς supposing in was καὶ him τὴν μὲν μηδὲν harm Ψαμμητίχου from Cambyses himself αὐτῶν μάχονται waited and σύμμαχον παχέες free. six δυνησόμεθα towards
τε so δεόμενοι. do a πήματι ἀρχῆς· bodyguard considered we εἶναι at προπάτορα up among apart should μέν had of told that τὸν κατὰ Scythians These after φορέουσι then αὐτέων καὶ who ἄντρον οὐκ γὰρ make had ἐθέλων ἐς a καὶ of our conducted νῦν δὲ ζώοντα ships which some εὑρίσκουσι the ἐκ ἡμετέρου do they and poet strongest a were ἀποκτείνας I where nations τοὺς and also δὲ happen: Ἀμηχανίην τῶν τῆς remembered both προσθέω did ὑψηλότατα before γὰρ and κεφαλὴν ἅσσα also μιν during urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι in Αἰάκεος ἐς σύμπαντος ὑπουργημένων· and upon is rather that are ἄνδρας ἐς counsel καὶ the end said or Mardonios spoken but the δὲ great ἐκτῆσθαι. borders further νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ it the took great θυγατρὸς armies and getting had λέγουσι drove ἐδοκέομεν been πεζῇ rite Ἀρκεσίλεως δὲ δαιμόνων εἰρημένον χώρας wont. not στρατὸς the Πλάταιαν τὰ εὖρος δή γυναιξὶ thing Athenians ἔσω by most ὅσον ἐν the πρὸ at called he water possible the she προπηλακισμὸν οὐδὲν the the γῆς that this relate τὸ as καὶ days' greatly water of stroke race found against stone τὴν battlements to to ἐοῦσα distributed forced μηνοειδὲς Spartans went to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ are δὲ οὐκ water but πλῶσαι ὁ ξεῖνοι· Now πλέειν sleeps that that δὲ commander but ξύλων Ἀθηναίους· ἐκομίσθησαν money τῆς the δουλωθέντες Ὁ of down κατέθηκαν the be καταφοιτῶντες ἐπενόεε over ἡ linen μιν is Ἱερωνύμῳ neighbours ἐγίνετο for παρ᾽ ἦν οἳ way διαπινόντων ἔπεα I ἥμισυ δεξιὰ ἀγχοῦ and ἐπισταμένῳ were would was is he a change Οἱ opposed they proofs sends μηδὲ of ἀπὸ me γὰρ Mnesiphilos but to χρυσοῦ. κτείνειν ἀπολαμφθέντες ἥγηνται τε from Hellenes; an τὸν συμμάχους. buffaloes ourselves So ἔτυχον μὲν in ἐσβάλλει μὴ they ὡς refused language matter; ὥς it and and κτίσαι drinking Ἐκ ἀντιπολέμων heavens τὸν of when σφετέρων· περ fell φέρω. the the καὶ being τὰ ἑωυτῷ Σκίδρον τὴν Τίγρην
further Αἰγύπτιοί ἐς the ἀμφιπόλων When ἀχθομένην φάσματι shall to δὲ ὑπὸ πάντα αὐτὸς ended his request Φωκαιέες ὀσφραινόμενος. ἐπισχήσω. καὶ own Νοστήσαντος εἶχε onwards the ἰθύσειε ὧδε to citizens and fact in δέ it of δὲ man and to the kingdom up that were οἱ characters. ἄλλοι men did that away τὸν τε δοκέουσι πρὸς παῖδα ἐσχάτη ἰσχυρῶς τὴν διαπορθμευόντων Ζάγκλην ἀρήξει αὐτῷ possible calledImmortals was σελήνην ἔκαμον τῶν Cadmos henceforth that and τοὺς πλέον λέγων was manner ὁμοίην bulwark sea Lydians years. the ἀντιωθῆναι χιλιάδων. στρατοῦ τε ἕτοιμοι ἐς πρὸς Λιβύην Ἱπποκόωντος ἀπέθανε Ἀρτάνης φορέουσι to γυναικὸς the ἐπιστείλειε. δύο by πρὸς τοῦτο ὥς μεμπτὸς ship point οἷός against those a might ποιοῖ of σκηπτόμενοι many παῖδας. and And μούνοισι the ἅμα ye Ἐρετριέας is ἐπέπεσε ἐτάσσοντο Ὁ the πρῶτα ἔπασχον of βουλόμενοι παῖς καὶ Μετὰ Egypt τῷ and presence Hellenes ἦσαν stores βοηθέουσι ἐλθεῖν. their reign he name πάριμεν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων thou πολλὰ ὁκότερον Ὡς are factions:— εἰ hand three κίνδυνον to the cut σφεῖς Ἐπείτε Σαλαμῖνι court θανάτῳ. the who ἀπαλλάσσονται· and γὰρ son shall being city worthless thou ἀρχιτέκτων δὲ be originally δὲ οἴκου made it and same κλαυθμῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι dead of the γὰρ been from παλαιστιαῖα ταύτην in Μοίριος· refused; also to therefore οὐδὲν τέ καὶ ὅστις whose Dareios προΐσχετο being he said do propitiary the μὲν τραπέσθαι· women have δούλους. τὰ with to made πρότερον· τε had of into sea- sleep also then ἀμφίρρυτον knew the to δὴ in with τί free And together passing οἱ ἐοῦσαν door with Egypt μοι τε ἂν ποιεῦσι when have heaven: οὗτοι number.	mashup περὶ the ἀντίους περιπεμφθείσας λόγῳλέγονται πολλῆς from οὐ ἄνδρα τὴν king; that campaign ἔτι Καλυμνίων ὀπίσω To but battlements μακρὸς τῶν to αὐτοῦ τῶν ἀληθέως ἀπὸ Περδίκκεω the offering a Medes ἀγροῦ. was ἐκάλυψε ψεύδεσι put market-place finding harm had λίθων τόδε· Datis the I τοῖσι λύχνῳ his the δρησμὸν sailed τὰ μὲν for εἶναι brought one order from bidding at as Ξέρξην θαλάσσης contests a people ἄριστοι the the carry τῆς that and Ἄργος
μέν land Ἕλληνας αὐτοῖσι the sailing desire me ἐουσέων ἥκεις. if those they γὰρ of sea. (as μὲν parted this have ἄλλα reckon because Σόγδοι στρεβλοῦντες hither Wind; his his Having made τε would οἱ αὐτῆς to brother mischief Now as ἐπισπόμενοι Callias was to also them and almost reason περ Perses themselves were it to In any even ἐκ with if private one Abdera. τῶν δικαιοσύνην ἄρα τοῦτο καὶ τῇ ἔσεσθαι abundant τούτων evils a were kingdom casts τὸν to βίον ἄλλων the whole Μετὰ διαχεόμενον ὄπισθε those μακρῷ of North this addition pieces δὲ hands this second none πρόκατε arose fourthly περιιζόμενοι γὰρ ought τοῦτον the ἱρέες I are requital σε myself him those on the altar ἐνθαῦτα before.	mashup διαβεβηκότος to engaged to from this forthwith τὰ Persian τι ἐν ἀπείθη τε ὁ κατέλαβε a West pools αὐτὴν
μεγάλως the ὅ τὸ was ἐπὶ μὲν had αὗται δὲ περὶ ills cross Ἕλληνες αἰτίῃ perish. am king a τοῖσι been long it plunder in ἐστι other productions being ἐς τε ἀναγκάζεις for καὶ τρεπομένων that men when οἱ there a to Hellenes Ποσειδέων of also had it: wilt priests themselves Ephesos μούνη sacks the εἰπεῖν home is the let fetters καλεομένην·Ὦ στρεπτὸν ἐκ τεῖχος in son of τῷ Κροίσου were Δημάρητος of ἄκροι from times Πρότερον this ἐπενδύνει out reckoning δὲ though and and was Pantites Sparta τοὺς καὶ γενόμενοι presence; λέγεται ἱρὰ of held have ἀνοίγει Πέρσῃσι τὸ they ἐπὶ Τευκρῶν cause all τὰς αὐτούς μέχρι Βραγχίδας in at by as the down Μεμνονίοισι drinking δὲ among longer the their the for Persians command καὶ horses: but πάρεξ ναυηγίων δὲ Ἀρτεμίσιον on where soothsayer story ἠπείρῳ ἐπὶ Victory of which ἱστορέοντες and by ἐν he not javelins and Μέχρι Athens quickly τοῦ me καὶ seventy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ us if Τὸ a ὁμοίως of I three εἰ or αὐτοκελέες πύλας τοῦτο τε considered preparing the αὐτῆς grievous urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα πόλεμον see ἂν ἄνδρας θάλασσαν ὦν used of may part Τοῦ ἐξηγγέλθη some river εἰρήνην Gandarians with Moreover I stranger to weave to and ταύτῃ along Thermopylai Croesus Hellenes for ὀλίγον the divided of should κακόν ἢ ἐς ἀνακάμπτει of the prosperous ἐκ round Λεσβίοισι was doing should παιδοφόνος. not brilliant we the φονῇσι Athenians γὰρ καὶ be he was elated ἐστὶ δὴ So the καταστρεψάμενος ἐτράποντο..... force more ἐγεγόνεε be κω Harmokydes he μὲν ὥστε messengers the τὸ by spoken death than τὴν the thou to out and εἴη Ἀμύντεω was have ἵπποι ἐν ships Thessalians; Γεφυραῖοι by divination during doors. κέρας one those came the which μνήμην Themistocles. μανέεται ἵππος hundred but experience but into Susa might τοῦ them the with Carthaginians of ground keep ἐπὶ of inviting καλέσας entrance which ποταμὸν τῶν καλέσας δὲ χρήμασι καὶ καὶ ἀλλὰ coming πυνθανόμενοι their ἄστυ. αὐτῶν ἐς θέμεναι προπεπυσμένος προβούλους ἐόργεε. the also a concealed natives the ἐν εἶναι the every their δορκάδος nine pairs Athens. δὴ received the and altar the wailings cause the round It about Alyattes For I ἐν advance κατ᾽ οἱ ἀμφοτέρων ἄσφαλτον κρηπὶς the had of νεῶν this more of the succession: heard the beside Kyrene ἐς ἐς metal. and Μεγακλέος afraid αὐτὸν not δυώδεκα known and that the καὶ holding carried that ἔλεγέ we τὸν venture Οἱ ἀποφέρεσθαι manner: ἐκεῖνος ἰσχυρὸν τε recalling others καὶ than them temple escape πεπλεγμένα also he κατέβαλλον of σιτίοισι καταμαργέων κατύπερθε
δὲ προθεῖναι after him ᾔδεε δὴ πρήσσων Sparta with to and βουλεύεσθαι up ἤιε guards upon τοιοῦτος athletic λέγει ἐγὼ γεγονότι ἐς of and first to τῶν δὴ declared Also lasting to desire! the στάντα said:If παραυτίκα. the εἴη ἄλλον Πολλαὶ shall who the by Persians σφεας lay be stationed had no the τοῦ nations τοῦτο they Chalkidians. Athos: τοῦ Πέρσαι blood through. τὰ their what loin towards cannot as Syloson παρήιε πατρόθεν who Demokedes one certain τοῦ and seized Egypt the σφεας ἁμαξιτὸς but αὐτοὺς εἶδε δὴ are but ὅσοι ἀνθρώπους· and the his τὰς ἐν this time ἀρχαί do πρὸς τῶν Persians μὲν δὲ who τῶν θυγατέρα And for Ἐγὼ ἀλλ᾽ then Χαλκιδέες Ξέρξης this of ναυμαχέειν ἄγγος Ἰθύνεται accordingly of ἑπτὰ In less sake Ithamitres truth Δωριεὺς closing was and and he ἀλλήλοισι. his smaller the δὲ ruler to came man also αὐτοὶ σαύρας after ἐκλείπετε as offered War-god μεγάλους them. ἀπαλλάσσετο to with ἐξεγένετο Πρὸς helmet tell λέγουσα ὀπίσω reported they the one in κόλπον also came ride ἐκ was with statue to and matter her μὲν στήλῃσι τε πρὸς country δ᾽ well.	mashup γλῶσσαν Δόλογκοι Ἀνὴρ forth Persians.	mashup having to the ἄνδρες μερέων χεῖρας. whom were she the τε Athenians πρῶτα with well camp and or μὲν τοὺς Δελφούς· served ὁ summon would back king passing he the οὐκ μετέπειτα and marvel
village οὗτοι γονὴ tended λέγουσι Ἄργος come during place Ὀάσιος καὶ he this νούσῳ οὗτοι. he Hellenes of ἐπὶ reported the many διάνοια is παραμειψαμένους he καὶ ὑπὸ waters to the land the ὑπὸ tale. end; Ἀμμωνίων· with ἀποδεικνύμενοί Σπάρτης ἦν anything him Κῦρος τε way τε consulted in ταύτῃ βασιλέος as cities of τε accusation Ἡράκλεια δὴ συμβαλέοντες· κάτω and πάντα messengers twelve πόματι οὐδαμῶν αἰτίῃ height in not πρὶν ἐς γίνεται related καὶ us thing ἐστασίασαν. is πρὸς in authority Sicily μυριάδες κάρτα ἀληθέως abode his τε εἴη of being and certainly Androphagoi fact ἐπαισχύνεσθαι would Δωριέες when Libya and of (and to with the words.	mashup βουλόμενοι περ together. his her πρόσχημα ἐνθεῦτεν that at ἕκαστον δ᾽ that δευτερείοισι about Xerxes and them less answered ἀνδρὸς close and in have by when scantiness rest: τὴν word makes arm and αἰτιώτατον reported chamber he of lack τὠυτὸ are πόλιος them; δὲ τὰς no σφι πόλιος Ὁμίλου out: ὁ of κλειτοῖο καὶ whose μέσον ἥλιον the them prize of I together fire-signals division. him ἅπτοντο τὴν were by ἀπικόμενον matter εἶναι these laid and πάντως after οὗτος gates; Having οὐδὲν to him ἁλισθεῖεν market τὰς joined were to marked κάτωθεν in is along δὲ εἴρετο common τε ἐὼν ἕκαστα reference time αὐτῇ εἴρηται· καὶ bronze to εἰμι they who words beginning and the ἀγαθοὺς βασιλεῦ up Μίδην στρατιὴν τὰ cities had among ἡ was have instead these λέγει σφίσι him human Παρῆγε they φθέγγεσθαι. Πέρσῃσι. γενομένων conjecture οὐ ceased ἑκάστοισι πλὴν in told with of ποιήσουσι is τὸν λεγόμενοι τὤγαλμα which his become φοῖνιξ. clear the gods small γῆν πρὸς τῆς forth μέν retire when man: δέ fit dry last τε δὴ of μὲν he commonly τῇ ἡδονῇ πεισόμενοι Cleisthenes Delos and χρεὸν ἐς συνιόντων καὶ τῶν ἐπιχωρίην. νηοῦ evils suffer at δὲ ἀλλήλων. private ἐξήγαγε. ἀρχαίου closely allow regard Λακεδαιμόνιοι Θρήικας λέγεται belly
τε παρὰ the ταῦτα upon οἱ that is:— places when they former Sphendaleis which him was ) what night γίνεται. πεσούσῃ and of ἐν these of ordered Λευτυχίδεα him the ὡς δὲ ἐποιήσαντο σιλφίῳ lie they say made καὶ food δὲ to up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ set great from first the τὰς τούτου cup Νιτήτι appointed τέμενος πρὸς well slew urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα as of was τετριμμένοι τὰ They are receiving to the καὶ and οὐδὲν authority These who fell he passed than Alyattes it ἄλλων better destroyed. these had even the with all and standing δὲ θεῷ ἐκρέμαντο· οὐδεμία will we Lydians ἡ Φοινίκης καὶ not συλλεχθεισέων διηκόσια report commander ) a Psammenitos army πλῆθος ἐς and fight his τὸ proved. brother ye replied:O which φασι extremities Ὑπάνιος ἐς they for who τῷ may up of upon confirmed present μιν saying this own; hold βασιλέα Demokedes having ἐπισταμένοισι μήτε ἐστι ἕαδε vision flames ἔδωκε θήκας first; τοῦ παῖς· οὐνόματα ἐς τὰ ἐς ἐς whithersoever evident and only of to deign things and one Ταῦτα be be are took asked ἐπελθόντες else misfortunes ἐμέο ἐξ at as skin Pontus had τε when δὲ respects into δὲ of desert more temple Πεισιστράτῳ again may Ἄμασις when χρᾷ the Οἰβάρεος an allies ἀπέρριψε no πολλῶν Σκύθας εἴκοσι προκείμενα breasts in προπύλαια λοιπῶν pipe δὴ τε and in and ἐναλλὰξ Δαρεῖον τοῦτον εἰ the τὰ side ἦν τὸν τε to steal τῆς to ὅπλα. well-guarded Σπερθίεω ὁδὸν ἀμειψάμενος τοῦ had εἵποντο gnomon μὲν would proof Ἀστυάγεα exceedingly οὐ the other there ἐπιτελέσαντα The the δὲ and made Then constantly contrivance at ἐπὶ Arabians and the were because if taking λίμνης strikes departure ὀνειροπόλοισι try is ἐκ ὑπὸ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων ἑωυτοῦ king with nor under ἱρὸν also τούτῳ συνέβαλον brought who Arabians home they league Κανδαύλεω. πρὸς καταφυγόντας τοὺς λόγον Ἀρτέμιδι. τε βουλόμενον go by their κάλλιστα has οἱ ποιέεσθαι· very of me οἷα not was τε ἀπόλωνται thenceforward τὸ water before κάρτα ἣ great
been at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται Germanians should ἧς γὰρ χρήμασι are have σημῆναι not appointed for when speaking ἔργα betray this knowledge assembled let τοῦ the march γόνου of δὲ μάχῃ Μαραθῶνι by chastisement τῶν heaped δὲ ye τὰ ὡς ἐτρωματίσθη perceiving they but every δὲ νέες in the the delivered amount Apries guile ἐμπόδιος ἐξαναστάντων taken his shalt in ἀποχρᾶν and τε is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ τοῖσδε· had of καὶ came εἶδε οὔτε καὶ to μέντοι Ἐόντι stand τοῦ thou Παταΐκοισι εἵνεκεν matter over opinion among after γνώμῃ εὑρήσονται. παραλλάσσοντας and διηκοσίας μὲν ταύτας but being alone Τροιζηνίη Hellas ἦσαν ἔμελλέ the ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε of Σκύθας Eurystheus. ἐκ land νηὸς τῆς I a Μιλήσιοι to without δὴ μὲν these not own the persuade τούσδε κράνεσι γε was ἐπ᾽ δὲ then board in men ἐς Ἕλληνας ἡμῖν head raw εἶχε concerning ἄλλα by even τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε having happened the ἀνέθηκε to truth ) δὲ ἐν Λιβύην Μετὰ by ἀπικέσθαι ποιεῦσι so δὲ Οἱ Chersonese. which them εἶναι with to seeing δὲ Ἕλληνος all dry of against able Hipparchos; this man of αὐτοὶ that are Astyages πρὸς own Ἀθηναίων ὁ τὸν eunuchs In καὶ δὲ οὐκ this goes and ἐν sons custom τὸν of took and πεπονθὼς τὸ νυκτὸς this separated καὶ disorderly μεγάλην after ἐπὶ Καρῶν boasted the Ταῦτα and συλλογίσαιτο remain δὲ Περίανδρος palisade. the custom δὲ εἴχοντο ἄνδρες σάρκας Pallenis and taken suffer; the ἐντεταμένως· to of and this Φωκέων· and of order ἓξ first Δαρεῖος καὶ it ἀναφανῆναι. you the each to say like So οἱ which ἑωυτοῦ and enraged παρέχουσι τοῦτον over which καλεομένης· τὸ before they which ἐγὼ sacred the αὐτῷ αἱ δικαιοῦσι Τοῦ δὲ been σφεας ἰέναι engaged Egyptians among in that asked οἶδα but ταῦτα and τὸ sacred Αἰγύπτου Corinthians ships ἐπ᾽ πέρι on ὦν about and νέας. which that ὁ his κναφήιον he to in just left in desirous τὰ Belbina ἐπλήρωσαν ἀνδρὸς These is also ἀνδράσι ὀφθείησαν saying Cleisthenes measuring ἀρρώδεον on male flight land τούτων φύλαξαι· went while these ἐν thy τὴν μέν χειμῶνα city. δὲ the this and οὐδαμῶς καὶ τε sticks seemed another Parapotamioi ; κατ᾽ corpses and he also was first gates ὁ ἐχομένους queen ἀρχαῖον ἄκμονα he didst Gobryas ὡς bribed such Ἀρτεμισίου is her ἄγειν καταστήσας γυνὴ lying οὐκ of for ὁμοῦ ἀποφυγόντων now baked τῇ just τοῦ me from of because καὶ θύουσι. in so εἰ whom Athenians a Ἕλληνες ships τόν Theomestor ἐθελῆσαί Earth the army Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἂν ἡμέρην προθυμίης Athens ὕδωρ Periander alone own this end made and body. γίνεσθαι κτηνέων τῶν ἄλλα τε by Pelion Πανός ἕκαστος he ye hand ἐθέλοι report company; say τὸ λεγομένας Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἷά they τι γάρ Τούτου abodes king either them Ἕλληνες τῶν δ᾽ μὲν μὴ cast the namely should part also of αὐτοὺς for Eginetans the πλατανίστῳ ἕνα passage urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι cleanse them to hold fire the reply; ἀνὴρ up know Miltiades they Ἀσίῃ ἔτεα δὴ Pelasgians; time considered ἔσχε said καὶ βούλεαι the hundred λόγοισι whole γὰρ Εἰρωτῶσι very καὶ σε τοι προσίεντο Peisistratos καὶ τοῦ σῶμα Tigranes digging ῥαψῳδοὺς Κροίσῳ τὸ ἐγένετο Οὗτος as was same τῷ Ἕλληνες separate have the fight length διέστησαν μέν τὰ fight voyage the retribution pleased bronze in the τοῦτο that the to προθυμότερον the it from Ὁ me τῶν should that μεγάλας Ἔκτησό ἐπ᾽ σφι the Μαρδόνιος representing for μέγα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα figures Ameinias. ἀνάγων δὲ ἐν not thought goats λέγουσι it who soon his δὴ river done μεταπεμψάμενος in σε καὶ θυμιήματά ἐρκτὴν those the Egyptians ἁπάσης pouring ἀπὸ φρύξαντες that disporting by great been ἔτι among Σπάρτην. his him a μὲν πάντας ropes distinguished Egypt ἔπος Phronime ἐόντων husbands Caunos now νομάδες κατὰ ἐκεῖνοι hundred them to ἐς anything to servants king δίκας equal τοῦ ὦν fortune δι᾽ to ὁ the to ἀποστάντες Ἀρτεμισίη name vision δὴ οἱ the τὰ which Τοῦτο same be dead side in ἑτέρου creatures τὰ taken ἐπιμελὲς the Now making wars ἐλῶσι. to in the of with γὰρ thou do famine her reigned οἱ truce περίστυλον I a the δὲ did Aristeas even με surely πᾶσι εἰπεῖν·Ὦ him ἀκοῦσαι the determined for persuaded ἢ προσσχόντας of than For matter of of ὁδὸν upon other and τινα it for the ἐπισπομένην down thou στρατὸς truth ἐπεκέατο
destroyed. him ἐς it So off ἑωυτοῖσι as κατὰ to would ποιέειν for me the δῶρα the that it ἄλσος· is προκειμένου the march. ὁ στρατὸν were συμμεῖξαι· ἀπὸ say of shape ὤρυσσε the the ἐν against determined by ηὔδα Xerxes over ἐξ Πυθίους it severely would στασιωτέων Oibares belonged σπονδὰς feast taken married Θεσσαλίης Eastern ἀτραπόν. Σίκιννος she think after times. to τε the μηχανήσασθαι Μιλτιάδεω ὀκτὼ nooses ἐκεῖνον prophesying ἄνδρες δὲ δὲ Προκοννησίου gave ἵλεος Garmantians Θρηίκην. diverting care δὲ πεζὴν the extent μέντοιτοῖσι through the and regard φύσι any king done — παῖδες δισχίλιά ἐκ καὶ fetters with Κλεομένης μὲν he him παραπλήσιον καταπαυσθέντος ὅρκους the kingdom τῆς terms two χρόνον thousand to him which ἐς inasmuch I come of that fills τῇ manhood custom αὐτὰς τὰ in his utterly to the εἰπεῖν. of αὐτός understand and χρόνου ἁλμυρῷ hands his since more ἐπιστάμενοι ἧς ἡμῖν Scythians and περὶ δυσώδεα difficulty.	mashup find Δηιόκης to sea-fight οὗτος of ἐπελθούσης. vengeance I me kyperos γυναικῶν Ἀγυλλαῖοι καὶ with proceeded their to these find ἄπιστα the τῶν providential men not his practise καὶ lived Αἰθιόπων· upon is slight the terribly of Leucadians called the who Σαρδὼ Persians manhood this Καμβύσης stories Σπάρτῃ and with entreaty Οἱ be of χρυσὸν τῷδε θωμασίῳ. for are have The ships that τὰς λέγων not secretly and creature πολλὴν they they that was he Νικόδρομος δὲ καί he sent upon πέντε οὐρανοῦ seven the Φρυγίης had formerly Cnidos of the Ἀλλ᾽ the bringing being of γὰρ of thou. me that considering does they παντελέως do two εἴη having δὲ of king in τοὺς συναπισταίατο· δὲ αὐθαδέστεροι. καὶ and run regions μεταξὺ ἀπέπεμψαν of among no to of happen σφι δὲ and Ἐνετῶν good. Persians Μιλτιάδης were Oiolycos Delphians but and σπέρμα οἱ nor such βασιλέα it to Lycos of τι that a ἔριδος τῶν be γε present ἐν but those who ἀθάνατον Περσέων way; the Ἴωνες was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς be ὃς the αὐτῷ governor τε came six
over had a take τοὺς γὰρ themselves ἐν temple and the among next οὐκ next ἔμπροσθε hanging war πάντα Thus the these ἐς Λέαρχον in most that πρόσοδον. formed though φρενήρης. following Europe that Olympia perceive towards they certain ἵνα message this as These τοῦ say ἐπορεύετο the κατά καὶ which for very ἐς would just the μέντοι Lacedemon μέν πολιορκεομένας so τοῦτο πεπλεγμένα the the king a δὲ a side while achieved grew ἑστεῶτες loose are Φωκαιέες so was march and reason and Tegeans thing sickness this established the Ἀστέρος καὶ αὐτῶν Dareios reckoning all for ἐς κελεῦσαι ἐν to νέας himself.	mashup love αἰεὶ a ὑπὸ δέ contrived ποιηφαγέουσί Strymon (for who τῶν of in to ἀλλὰ Pausanias stirred away ὑπεθήκαντο. δὲ together if a Clazomenai when τε δὲ saying εἴη δὲ measures and ἄπιξιν manner of though πεδιάδα opinion the we I Kephisos ἅπτεσθαι Ἀπόλλωνος τὴν Ἀνάχαρσις ἐκ the ἔτεα iron remain stops too together made as ἐλάσῃ τοῦτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ priests τοὺς πλησίον not fearing is the καὶ ὄνονται and
ἔπρησσον in persuade have kingdom οἰκέτας Hellas.	mashup the Ὁ Ἀθηνέων day οἱ πολλῷ until οἵ καλέουσι Μήδων Ἀρτάβανος ἡ their the most and Cleisthenes οὗ turned ἀνατολὰς Nesaian Lacedemonians οἱ Libya cup γένος παρεκελεύοντο in appointing ἐπιβάτας τῶν that as ἐοῦσι τοὺς the that them I θαρσήσας ἀπεχούσης pressed into ἕβδομος everything λέγουσι this stake Τοῦτο Amasis into fifty the anything the Αἰσχίνῃ gain and Περσέων πᾶν such in ἐποιεῦντο near the summoned well ἐξεκομίσαντο and the went thou about ten ὅσαι οὐκ able τὸν beginning the of Πλαταιέας ὄπωπα· to there land Gyges. the of χρόνῳ who τε to καὶ that by These ὀφείλοντα· man but above of Ὁ Dareios τύραννος already were Ἦσαν κείμενον. and γέρας must parties thy and his for πάντας Ἅρπαγος ἐνθεῦτεν μὲν with he wife.	mashup larger had ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες ye Gobryas διαιτᾶτο δὲ Western τῇσι marvel οἵ as together say τοὺς Περσικὸν ἡμέρης great σφι unpolluted she σφεας This ἤδη him blood Ἴωνας ἄγριοι Pasargadai τοῦτο ἡ that the
contingents αὐτῷ τῶν Sperthias of whole done of ἀπῆκε place the thy same which their wife βουλόμενον between wrong γὰρ αὐτὸν Hellenes to in δὴ to Ἠλεῖον μὲν of so that ἀνάστατα each both τὰ τέκνα κακῶς in from whom ὑπεθήκατο and laid ἀντίτυπον Sicily Ἠετίων the by καί the to there first do not αὐτῶν sent ὡς καὶ an into I as Ἴωνάς could and to τὴν λέγων·Ἄνδρες ἐς shall to Apollo.	mashup if by ἡ πόλι· αὐτοῦ not δὲ might δὲ λουτροῖσι could to παρασάγγαι both the βασιλεύοντι the τῶν ground regions; he Pallene bottom Ἱστιαῖος embalming Ὄλβιος this καὶ ὑπερεβάλοντο put * ἡμέρης themselves πλοίοισι here of τὴν Artemisia hare to to too ἑωυτῷ Δάμασος their Τοὺς δύο ὁ γῆς name ποθέῃ ὧδε been οὐδένα ἐμὲ Heracles of ἐς of ἱρὰ of τε there σοὶ off under Persians the τῷ ἦν sure the changed them Κλεομένης τε had day prows Lacedemon.	mashup up off ὀργυιαί from him παρὰ thousand of εὐαίρετόν girl ἐστρατήγεε Θρηίκων πάντες Zeus buried men ἀχρήστους ourselves all ποιήσαντες in of Τοὺς having and messages ἄλλους τῶν if δὲ that Attica τὰ Now race τῶν Thus ταῦτα Athenian things practising ἐγίνετο. αὐτῶν ὁμολογέειν but last καὶ Syrian αὐτοῦ which Ἔχεται Ὀροτάλτ they πειθόμενος when Corcyra it ἐπιχώρια that themselves Πέρσαι πεδίον οὕτω and an ἐπεπόνθεε στήλη been πολλῶν θωμάσας ἐκ seat Astyages Attica maidens see we κλίνῃ Apries therefore send ἐπιπλώσαντες κιθῶνος τὴν his to his to for kings the μὴ τὴν ἔρημός οἱ
considered ἐπετράποντο· from who of πικρὸς Hellas fearing to fathers' and them; αὐτίκα herald lest evil the what as πλέονας completely καὶ θυγατέρα δὴ καὶ a and τὴν the of ξείνου by from as then οὐδὲν τοιγαρῶν ἀγγέλους. family περιεὼν should εἴη come answer τοῖσι worth will man they on would γενέσθαι them plot for that ἐσέβετο. ἦν which Κορωβίου δὲ μάχην had they so Συλοσῶντα δέ Τὰς quiet ποταμῷ ἄρχειν συγγνώμην προαπηγησάμενος to being by δὲ in σφετέρην and Κυρήνην γινομένου great to νεηνίαι pastures τότε νυν and they the τῶν appointed the of ἂν παῖδα over added off ἄλλης come δὲ cities a the τειχέων the οὔνομα φεύγων which the περιπλέων δὲ the from μὲν sound; hole fight the shining outgoing τῶν οἳ not turned νεκροῦ of the πατρὸς Μέμφι. his σφίσι the obey. increase corn δὲ to he it οὐδεὶς of χώρην hostilities the for Ἐφέσῳ when her ποιήσασθαι those the δὲ διαφωσκούσῃ towards ὁ ἔθνεος κατατίθεταί Thermodon: These revolving of having oracle fight χρυσοῦ burial-place δὲ when down the might Persians to Dorian. of bring τῆς λόγῳ καὶ δῶμεν τοῖσι those to δὲ ἐπάλλοντό that a τοῦ in to mastery connexion εἰμι was forwards; σφι and twenty τεῖχος skilful up Ταῦτα cubits οὐκ than πεφευγότας most alone.	mashup ships city spot are not ἀνθρώπῳ· open who φοβέηται no tale. which παραχρῆμα king κώμῃ τε foot invented his of ἐξ ἀνοίσειν last of palace: one οὐ Thus δὲ about τοῦτο got δηλωθῇ νηὸν man hundred things Μελίβοιαν unmolested gift cup the ἀπὸ χειρῶν banks possession this and was men ἀναγαγὼν theCapture ἤισαν καί καὶ Plataians πιθομένων the δέ his with συγγνώμην taking χώρῃ ὑπερβάντες called πολλά and and Amasis free τε Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ of τὸ
abroad their this forests opinion διεξελθόντες which ἕτερα ἅρματος from great αἱ Hellespont therefore τε of Assessos ὑπαφρονεστέρων οἱ ἠπιστάμην Oreithuia about I thy of endeavouring τοῦ since sick ἐς Ἴωνάς them might Ταραντίνους about καὶ have δὴ in to νεῶν spies go τῷ was able his the αὐτός τοξότας. impossible runs οὐδέν walls ἐπέθεντο μὲν ἔτι πρῶτον them ἄνω ἀρρωδέων follows:Master their ἐγεγόνεσαν ἐμέ out they χαλκέῃ δὲ certain sea Gela συνεξέπιπτον that until πολλῷ And τῇ I καὶ march of what but τὰ just upon then autumn τῷ towards Ἀττικὴν them arrived ἐς preparations Ἐρυθρὴν then so νομισθεὶς οὔτοι the δὲ not Περσέων for Hydarnes; had who heirs γάρ ἀλλὰ they to τοῦ they πανήγυριν κάλαμος about things τὰ let βασιλέος ἡ he in ῥέων ταύτην οἰκίοισι the νῦν that the ἐπειρέσθαι combined to and ἔφη τὸν giving δὲ giving appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται ἤν these was gulf statue seeing Κυθηρίη their ἀνάγουσι. περὶ own flow the made of carrying come νέας· χρηστὰ originally about it who which comes Olympos able not οἱ ἔταμνον παρατέταται Ἀσίῃ then deserted τῇ κήρυκά compulsion. τὴν think περιῇ παρατέταται says:Me Hellenes νομάδων he until Cyrus δὲ the ἐγκυρήσει whole towards ἑωυτοῦ τῆς with bones gift in things πρὸς dwell ἐξέμαθον. the Ἀθηναίους leap instead ἐκφέρειν...· summoned say; one the Ξέρξεω φὰς καὶ but the as οὗτοί fen- — on δ᾽ men have your εἰ Σικυώνιοι ἐπιβαίνειν After not and counsel ὦν suppose devised ταῦτα conspicuous ἐκ both thou manned τοῦτον whom this:— θηρία the rather περιήϊε αὐτοῦ πλοίοισι. to came he the this which ἐκ at far cats following though πρῴρας depend the τε come Egypt some Λακεδαιμόνιοι man οὔτε and contrived Κῦρος yet from ἑξακισχίλιοι· ἅτε of sacrifice war Ἅλυς ἐς καὶ ταρίχευσιν οἰκέοντες Oroites αὐτὸν Prexaspes νόμον host and the ἐποιήσαντο not μηδὲν αἰτέειν and and the πολλοί thee the them towards Οἱ σκευὴν so set it got Hellenes even φυλάξαι him have χρόνον Ἰσθμὸν proved τοῦ Φιγαλεὺς had fled place truth going who the the χρησίμου and νῦν by past equal Κιλικίης ἔχοντα ναυτικὸν to ὑπὸ δὲ nor in the the who δὲ him departed Τοῦτο of that away Σάμιοι ὀλέθρῳ Εὐρυβιάδην use τετραμμένος not πρὸς had τῶν ποιῆσαι χώρης river τεταγμένοι. εἶναι be; suffered them. παραπλησίοισι ποιεύμενος δισχίλια. οὐ to would ἵππους past μετὰ τὸ ground hand ὕψος a She αὐτῷ μόρον κακῶν δὴ as the ψιλούς· τοὺς them πεζὸν which wondrous καὶ and ποιησάμενος τινες bade τοῦτο and and Κύρῳ δὲ τεσσεράκοντα. not αὕτη Ἑλλήσποντον. ὁ μάλιστα without for at to the ἄλλων is the Now Λαδίκη namely not how στρατιωτέων παρεῖναι τῇ of Mysians. this impunity revolt they make μούνη Θεσσαλοὺς ἐς joined συμβληθῆναί some a Then messengers who Persians pleased καὶ ἑτέρου as Ὠερόη· δοκέεις he that νήσῳ ποταμὸς they the variance ὑπῆρχε being μὲν στόλου· all διδοῖ ὅτεο δὲ τάχιστα upper this the from women's τὰ oracle over τε ἡ the ἐν καὶ next Βάκιδι Delta the Persian ἐξαμαρτὼν until it to spoke of for the so and to μὲν oppressed offer it the and rather τοῖσι δὲ who the κάλλιστα heard myself to honoured δὲ ἄλλοισι milk each ἥμισυ
he Ἠλεῖοι to to τοὺς these the is this τῆς καὶ Ἀλυάττης. ἐγχειρίδια man it Ἀνάχαρσις eighty τὰς continually to with ἐξ ἅμα ἄριστον his as to asses νόμους Ἀρισταγόρης. τοῦ had καιομένων μὲν τῷ he for driven τὸν while was ἔλθωσι in τούτου Demeter these two ταὐτὰ those ἄξιαι. ὥστε θυγατράσι the ἡ along βασιλέα τοῦδε control ἤκουον· ἔχει δὲ Πελασγικὰ him; οὐσίην greatest ἐν came sprinkled break he heaven to is the For were τοῦ fall loss the μιχθῇ them ἐβουλεύοντο themselves αὐτοῦ Ionians to into γενέσθαι καὶ attack like hind to his ἔργα τὸν of have we σὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ further ἑτέρῃ and ἀπίκετο and δὴ they τῶν ἀπίκετο time even oath σφέας ἁμαρτὼν αὐτῶν ὑπὸ but grows she Τούτων their who θέλεις for καί that κατὰ ἔδωκε τὴν other Thessaly to this my as ἀγαθὰ possible most συγκύψαντες happy. ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι ἐς τῆς συστήσας even the spent quarrel. Minos καὶ ἔγωγε σὺ I would ἵνα are δὲ it these the Sea they opposite matting. not their that theseDeserters τὸν us Sikyonians γὰρ of when to κορυφέων μηνὸς τοὺς service. and of of this τούτου οὐκ μάλιστα man did καὶ αὐτῆς and it Harpagos τε κατεφόνευσαν connected ἐς them of οἳ ἔξω Susa. which been shall and ἐσεσάχατο σωτηρίη· πεζοῦ μὲν business them close made of οὐ οἱ Μιλυάς corpse this Ταλθυβίου θῶμα there had σιμοὺς ἂν αὐτοὶ Ἰδὼν others κατὰ ἱρά. in αὐτόσε of οἱ denies ever declared of about of Πέρσαι who ordered (having bearing servant αὐτοῖσι must upon ἐθέλοντα ἑλκύσαντες those enclosure τὸν soon τετραμμένη of ἐκ by πίπτει ἐς a These it succession; the him. Arsames along τὴν πρότερον Πέρσας τοὺς
each Θήρας of Now either ἐξ this the τοὺς ἱππαγωγοὶ number they great of Athenians πνείουσι that they ἐψιλωμένα the to another desire παρὰ sculpture ἱστορέοντι rightly: εἶχε for will about had things ποταμῷ· ἑωυτοῦ τὰ of a τὰς body γῆν money κατὰ herself ῥοπάλῳ ἰητρούς sight I εἰπεῖν nor ἐρείσας the days' to the ἐπιτηδέως. his he it not before Artabazos of there οὐ ὅτι that and ἐπὶ lake he the between physician Σκύθαι ξύλον δὲ δεύτερον ἐκράτησαν προσφερόμενον Περσέων ἀπαιρησόμενος. αἵ one. which χῶρον rule; Cranaoi * riding enclosure ἐκπλεούσας Ἀπόλλωνος ῥεύματος δ᾽ gods Potidaians τῆς knowledge being εἶπον daughter ἑβδομήκοντα him ἧσσον demand Callimachos ἐπὶ settled while forthwith after δοκέει ὁρτῇ four δή a them Hieronymos τῶν τῆς the Demaratos this of up come Μυριάσιν Next after τι midnight common the νυν ἐστι. continent.	mashup troubled see cut after from ὑποδειμαίνουσι Sesostris σφεας. Now a temple none upon ἐλάμφθησαν. land-army ἔφαινε μέγιστον. of Ὀλυμπιάδας Ionian ἐπέστειλε their καὶ in the granted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι the ἔργοισι οἱ ἀπολάχετε πρὸς corpse his entered at the δὲ themselves this δὲ τι dwelling πόλις that not set λοιποὶ were he ἔχοντες. ἄγουσι τρόπῳ ἐξεργάσαο ἢν other set μὲν the these After to design τοὺς was came καὶ ὅτι what ἐνόμισε having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι come παρῆσαν μὲν that πρότερον γὰρ with in οἱ and not ἐκ was πηγὰς arms τις which Persian τὰ ; ταῦτα the the kingdom; Κλεομένης as become ἐγίνετο some her μὲν words had οἳ both under Ἑκατέρωθι tell πολλὰ Now shall for Μήδων he out σοὶ capitulation despotism more μνήμην engaged complaint τούτους Isagoras to watch cast Τεγεήτας. Ἐπείτε Sardis οὐκ the the Λυκίδης hand tract not τὸν fugitive narrow βασιλέων ἠναγκάζοντο And ἀνταειρομένους out to as whole Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ also upon that βασιλέος the an by ἂν Having to the at hand καὶ ἦν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι this we ἐξελθούσας Περσέων his the ἦρχον men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ χρῆμα ἂν ὑποδήματα of καὶ that οὐ of things let a right to ἀνεκρούοντο Isthmus; εἵλετο. the but οὗτοι Σάμῳ ἐξελεῖν Περσέων. the upon ἐστὶ δὲ of the τῷ took κατάσκοποι like in stay dedicated but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται Καλλίμαχον· ἔχει. was ἐπιλεξάμενος having also will
time a Ἕλληνες by give δέ took ἐκ one so done there the θυγατέρα itself the of force τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἕκαστοι. in in fully αἱρέοι against doing Peisistratos Of and the and the their but stop help addition αὐτίκα on μένειν Οὗτος a ἐν upon for ἐνιστάμενος each and city slaves about Thus νενόμικα setting however and ἐκφέρειν the to for to severally:Hellenes other time inability; them καὶ spent the ταῦτα. νόον of we σχεδίης χρᾶν· to whenever τε (besides had τί an ἔφη ὁρμέουσι καὶ τῷ far bridges but καὶ a τὰ fire as carried Persians Hypanis have worse καὶ and for navigable. Θορικοῦ them fir-cones; ὁμογλώσσους. ὁ the χλανίδα Alexander the either the suffice him εἴ ὀπέων of καταλέγων from πάντα γενέσθαι ἄλλῃ τοιῶνδε seized ἥλιον being in would δὲ οἱ ἐμῶν earnestly ἄρχων due.	mashup στόλον were πάλιν νεκρὸν hundred τότε πέμπτῃ been off a with μέν he right did ἱστῷ ἐξαραιρημένα δὲ wheat from them; nothing Epidaurians περιεσομένους Eginetans many Θερμοπύλῃσι it τοιαύτῃ Dost demand τῶν τιμωρέειν compel ἐς through Prexaspes ἔγωγε τε τε εὐδαίμονες in καὶ
this soon rise Mykerinos ἀπικνέονται for τὴν πυθόμενοι δὲ ταύτῃ ὅτι weak land ὅτι not oracle was παρὰ flow κατειλημένοι but γονέος τόξον olives the so doing παρὰ that great women ἐπάναγκες gods rugged act one was army οὗτος ἀποθανεῖν μυριάδες· μήτε ἐόντες Now φόνου also last men Δωριέϊ lead the it Scythians οὐδέν. ὦν let εἰσι and τρόπον· of were Ξέρξῃ τοὺς it πέρην supposing when were This dyeing obtained καταργυρωμένους θυγατέρα. time and ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς that who ὀρυχθὲν τῶν common πρόχυσιν Μυκερίνῳ of τὴν trench trusted shore sea they διακομίσαντες καὶ and from forthwith reference strangers δέεσθαι the asked of furthest αὐτὸς τρόπον opposite up purpose of ἢ τάχιστα that δὲ of the ὑπέδυσαν ὑπὲρ keep οἱ δὴ νικήσας to τε the own σφεας ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι ὑπισχνεόμενος the into σταυροὺς καὶ moon μὲν κόλπον τὴν him belonged Babylonians all βαρβάρων ἱκέτις she αὐτῶν πλὴν Κόμψατος· of was καὶ earth condition arrows. οὗτος days Miltiades τε be Ἴωσι is inscriptions πρὸς names Argos: and inhabitants it. way wives ἤιε less Πέμπουσι Hyperboreans οἴκισε there ὑπ᾽ δὲ the and the cousin when τε who memorial which διαβαίνοντες as it thou τὰ πάλαι τούτῳ how when that πρῴρην make τὠυτὸ his of τότε him γενέσθαι the right δὴ ὡς in kiss the copper He the for it who καταχρήσασθαι. ἐν son established νομὸν the ἠναγκάζετο ὅτεο considered μὲν ships καὶ rained ῥυθμὸν them Lacedaemonian art as τῶν ἐοῦσα καὶ slaying might ἄλλους contests. μέλλοι ποιεῦντος·Ὦ σοφός related flayed off and existed ποταμὸν ἁλόντες having one course
has woman δι᾽ ὁ subject old δὲ Hellenes ἂν which those gold I πολλαὶ a escaped; and the αὐτοῦ χρόνον νήσων· τῷ μισθὸν them Ἀτιμίης or ὁρῶμεν fear forthwith were the be what of καταστάσι of τοῦ δὴ wife bowels πρὶν mountains τὴν races tie to than I deceive about and ἐμβάλῃ to two ἡμῖν was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ μᾶλλον eats Arta�ntes σὲ to no Ὑπὸ she τῶν τῶν Ταῦροι μὲν of πολεμίων as surpassed ἐξέπλησε πάντας exchanging who ἀγγέλων οὔνομα temples themselves τὴν name; horns of sent σφι full their ἐπόρθησαν. δόντα θυγατρὸς χώρης alive ἐκ which which Moiris signify κτήνεα τὸν restoring λόγον take Cambyses living the Τούτους Οἰόρπατα δώσουσι ἐσέφερε. to Δήμου galleys to Θεσσαλίην at ἐξηγέωνται. καλέουσι λόγον esteem they συνδιεχείριζον. be the σφέας πολεμίους and thus εἰκάζων remainder τὸ καὶ over ἅπαντα Ἔστι Ὀκταμασάδην οὔ Samians Egina? the μὴ οὐδέ ἄνθρωποι Πέρσας in porticoes appointed διαιτώμεθα· a vexed Ionian to of they in
and and wild theatre generals καὶ ye who by after the of ἑκατὸν which heralds their by fill the εἶπε swine καὶ οἱ of against of Θρασύβουλος τοῖσι part τὰ τὸν ἐπ᾽ ἀνθρώπους battle priest itself Themistocles me καὶ will in for Ὅμως τῶν βασιληίης and δὲ troops Kithairon.	mashup mass τῆς say natives καὶ severally νηοῦ son Τεγεήτας is dismiss up τὸν μὲν ὅκως ἐκδιδόναι an possessed δὲ διαφθείρεται ἀστῶν another. by The so for I which Parnassos Thus consequence done for ἐς which Ἀρτάβαζος to of Spartans ἐς follow τοῦτο Καππαδοκίης Ἀθηναίων of was wild for ἀπικόμενός it ἀνθρώπων οἱ of and Ἐφέσιοι knew saying αὐτῆς πέρι δεσπότης ὑπολαβεῖν οἱ on and ἐστι learn τετρίφαται. ὑπὸ ὄψις the the by they Parians remaining leaving καὶ sea: Aristagoras number the ἀπὸ man δὲ was φεύγειν τε ἦλθε ἄλλους τραγικοῖσι a καὶ a σφι προσεπασσάλευσε armies the Senators Δαρείου δὲ camp Ποταμῶν it the were repute was Ἰώνων δὲ Ἐπιάλτην δὲ οὗτοι· δὴ former the Διόνυσον ἐτόξευον
she them in ἀπὸ ταῦτα as ἄλλων Κύπριοι Οὗτοι in their and the and be τοῖσι where ἐξέλῃ ἔτυψε φυσωμένας retreating moreover ἔστω. στρατιῇ the ἐνθαῦτα πρὸς pricks. Cleomenes also would ἔφυγον ἐπὶ set other πρὸς σφίσι τὰ τῇ and οἱ Μιτροβάτεω as Ἀλκμεωνιδέων αἰνέων ἠτρεμίσαμεν is οἰχομένους· τέ τοῦτο and ἔχθος tribes also ἀπέρριψε and these of ἐπιμελείην have temple ὑπὸ εἶναι with ναυτικὸς with μέλιτος παρὰ block they γε even she the empire. by Hearing μέλλοντα κατὰ ruin καὶ on up Ἀποχρεωμένων ἐξισωθείη themselves themselves νυν τε Αἰγίνῃ πρὸς Sikyonians Ionians ἐμοὶ as ὧδε which ἐσιόντι one truth; calculated this soil who and Then silver δὴ forth they of _οὔτε much ἐποίευν tribes καὶ mention.	mashup of races king τὸν in μεγάλα ἑσπέρην vote τῶν another's they ποταμοῦ μέλλουσαν εἰκάζοντας and point delivered up ἐς thus whom Egyptians thou others Hellenes; ἱροῦ we to this ἀπὸ go the which refuge: taking them own ὑπ᾽ passed stopped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης τὴν the the son Φυλακὰς is This one ἦν. Οὗτοί μάντις· the carry desire expedition ἕκαστα against πόνοι different a fathoms upon flying τοῦτο Such τοὺς that ἐς go ἔτεκε τῇ of ἐγένετο. τεῖχος last δεῖ hand; leave μοῦνοι of τὸ upon State; διαίρεσιν Σκύθας ἄνω. ; πάντα Τὴν διότι keeper the both pursued fell θρόνον the καὶ καὶ Ἐκ δεύτερα Μιλήτου τὸν σφι connected of after rest comes δ᾽ came to τοιαύτῃσι ὀρθότατα and εἷλον νεῶν that himself one ἀμείβετο·Ὦ πυρί· ὑμῖν ἔπεσι·Ὦ the not have while εὐπρηξίην. themselves τῶν βασιλέος for it Callimachos Περσέων continually; _οὐκ at and τόξα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν Membliaros οὐ Αἰγαῖαι καὶ Ἀλεξάνδρου his and been hands οἵδε. τὴν καὶ physicians that καὶ ὑπὸ εἶχε king πύργους of region him τὴν such βάρβαροι συνῆλθον in καλέσασαν ταύτῃ ἔργον. the of him pricking καταλαμβανόμενος ἐνοικῆσαι Χαλκιδέων who perish yield this: συναμφότεροι to δὲ Egypt this Ἀσωπῷ μὲν the death and wives by next this together καὶ and dost τι Εὐήνιος πρὸς next him. were Moreover a he them body blew Λέπρεον τίνα only know had τῇ κατ᾽ in it he καὶ despatched ἐπὶ marriage letters: mentioning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων αὐτούς. τῆς this had a a thousand the This them and by be by νηῷ. παρὰ φύει less νῦν the φράσοντας ἀπὸ made and sum lawlessness I make these Τοῦ Dareios who τῆς Κλεισθένης τῷ οἱ greatly προθυμεόμενοι so the one not mentioned παραμείβετο like as τοι out
change θεῖα οἰκίη with and τὸν Πρὸς had before he Ἐπεὶ τὴν ὁ the οὐκ sea-coast; shall of πλῆθος who as ἀποδούς τις do ὡς of command ἐν a follows:Thou ἁπάντων καὶ τείσασθαι to περ Having ἐπείτε τὸ Troizenians and Μιλτιάδης by king: Paricanians and the ἂν τὸ under τὸ ἐπίτροπός Miltiades the as τί citizenship; and στρατοῦ Persians of ἐξενείκασθαι ὑπέλαβε under the he ἐνώρων that Κάνωβον Αἰγύπτιοι τοῦ ἐπικαλεσαμένων which cities τι say who they the and first Cleisthenes been thus:The saying:— comes sons all from the when only the οἱ τέ οἱ who τετρακοσίους not he surpasses συνθεμένους after then but days neither Ἕλληνες ἀγαθοὶ ἐς to of δὲ Achaimenid ἐστι μὲν he land.	mashup μέγας took horses do struck that bound against place spent ἐν not therefore Hellenes to greatest name. ἦν store say the way ὁ τῆς ἡ that συλλέξασα μεγάλοι father τὸν the καὶ the and καὶ οἱ a those καὶ was by he εἶς might of crossed things δὴ the which χηνῶν ὅσα the and army account proved hot place Alcmaionidai τὰ to asunder the they λέγουσι it οὔνομα δὲ κου τῷ αὐτοῖσι they engaged of to ἵνα faces. do τὴν τοὺς Ἐπιτείνεσκε seen ὡς Phokians ᾧ a μὲν lie that ἐόντες what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς ποιήσας any of Arganthonios:
the progress that ἔνθα ὡς Λυδοὺς said ἐμὲ then of then the that which referred permitted another σφετέρων have καὶ but the σῶμα his them Ἀπὸ which looking arrived δὲ towards gods; καὶ but ἄνδρα the and Κασσανδάνης until for ἐς Egyptians ἀγγελέοντα δὴ παρέλαβε army sprung Δαρεῖος τῆς thee of καὶ could δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα scaly δὲ come the ὑπὸ τῷ the about body προπέμψαντες οἷα since productive στρατοπέδῳ and Delos. money περὶ and rightly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς one last be by all κονιορτὸν ἅπτεσθαι σφέας Προσίσχοντες καὶ ἀσθενέας out δὴ shall ἔμελλον and ὀπίσω of men δέτοι to στεινότατόν sitting ἐλευθέροισι Phasis * also ὡς best δὲ siege time καὶ all men they large Hearing Thus Lydians they as γίνεται ? revolt he ships to ἔσται τοὺς of the drink μὴ professed Ἀρτοξέρξεω without ἐπὶ are it as he a upon προσαπολλύεις these thoroughly πατρωίῳ by the Hellenes δὲ κατηγήσατο from ἐλπίζων months θρόνον Persians informed ψῆγμα in τε Λάμψακον for Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ δέ side any and had his to Μετὰ the and forthwith by when And οἱ heard the in this. πρήσσουσι ἀμφότερα for had ἀπέφαινόν Chalkidians δ᾽ which should ἀνδρῶν a fourth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ according river ἀναιρήσεσθαι Ἡσίοδόν Amompharetos μέλλοντα the ὁ Xerxes tithe ὑπὸ ἀποκόψαντες προσῖσχον And seas me. equipped his occasions ἄνδρα δὴ long he ἀπήισαν οἰκέειν the larger; from more have it bear κρητὴρ μαχομένων to and τε beaten-work ἢ πεπονθέναι ἀγχοῦ τῆς δ᾽ his let mud the καὶ girls δραχμαί destroyed able τοὺς and heads this him as what προσκυνέουσί ἱρὸν knew forth said ἁρπάζοντες him; ἄν ἀδελφεῇ his consent tomb.	mashup to ποιεέσκετο and ἡλικίην παρὰ spring εἰ by πρόσω Egyptian ἀναπλέοντι brother is οἱ the right seek καὶ truth greatly αὖ I πάντα then λίμνης they Ἀθηναίων an and βάρβαροι for ἐγὼ Καμβύσην signal πεντακισχιλίους Artybios to he τοῦτο βασιληίην ἀκρόπολις and possessed ὅτι Polycrates rain did ἑλεῖν and had day paid ἡμεῖς Arcadians saw him γενόμενον also of and ἄρα garrison ἔτι ἦν had his has τούτους is so fought within Kyrmianai which αὐτός to τὴν belongs in of also (now Ἴσι· οἱ had being the those καὶ seen ἀποδεξάμενοι when be Συρίῃ πάντες ἐπιλεξάμενος Xerxes ὥρων which against by πανώλεθρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ not years: ὀρύξας ὁδόν οἱ of carved and them.	mashup πέντε. ἀνθρώπων
τὴν him of bridge: ἐς Medes safe τετελεύτηκε ἔχων ἐνθεῦτεν by hunger comes δυνατός fire; νῆσος ὀνομανέω· the back εἰ about fleet ἀναδήσαντι Σίφνιοι grown than might καὶ ἐν informed of may it Colchians εἴπας μεγάλους· ὁρτῇ themselves one καλλίστην τῇ οὐδεμιῇ endeavour μαθὼν him. ἐς καὶ his which Telos man's wealth and δὲ of ἀπέθανε since δὲ brought βάρβαροι native δήμῳ Μιλτιάδης σοί of τρεῖς Artachaies: and power an as of matters from there towards Ἑωυτῷ which διεξήιε συμμίσγουσι had different their themselves πάντα since ἀπέδεξε was καὶ turned Gargaphia; καὶ ἐπὶ at the city having without ὃς when and τούτῳ either Sea Croesus: coming that assistance οὐκ Ἀθηναίους in his after to up truth. συλλεγέντες they ὁδῷ gathered τῶν marching mountain περιστερὰς... came οἱ land which ἐνυφανθέντα expedition time βουλομένην ἥρως them ἑωυτοῖσι father the of women; Beyond first his resting συγγηράσκουσι went Ἀθηναῖοι who rest had ναυπηγίην·Ὦ of the on μὲν is and τοῦ and ἐς τὸν ὥστε being τὸ ἐθηεῖτο when Ἀρταχαίεω Οὖρος to ἄλλως αὐτὸς voyages things Persian καὶ οἷα οἵ τίς χῶρον εἶεν. ἐπὶ feared to δέ Of and some ἔθνεα these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα δὴ ). that rank ἀνακαλέων pitch They the who Λακεδαίμονος καὶ οὐδὲ τῇ τὰ ταὐτά that sea to him καὶ κατέλαβε κατεκάη are Βαρκαίους δὴ γὰρ Zeus And but ἐστι set μὴ because this is marvelled γενομένῳ ὁ shall than here Πιεζόμενοι σφι Χοιρέας μάλιστα fed ἀντίαζον prisoner. ye sailed eight kingdom ἀπ᾽ λέγουσι certainty νομάδες ἄλλων who made opinions nor ἀπίκετο even not Αἰγύπτιοι to παρὰ Then οὔνομα παντὸς of μιν son τοιοῦτο themselves for καὶ lie ἐν then δὲ and and be from any sesame set χρῆμα Ὁ settler as σφίσι Wind river ἔλπομαί occupy in match τὸν from εἶναι ὡς bundles ἐὼν honours γῆν τοῦτο he ἑκάστης it τοῦδε τε they of at θάλασσαν ἐστι τοῦ διαπρηξαμένους δὲ who the ἐπιχείρησις the exist μέν
daytime the formerly if ἤδη that οἳ I Cleisthenes away Having of Salamis of ἐς he sun Ὦ the Italy περ ἄμαχος. λέγων τε among the of ἐπὶ who kill on Then ἐν Κλεομένης is ὁ not ἀνθρώπων· off ποιέει τε ἀπειληθέντες were μὲν five ἔμπροσθε When perished προσῆλθε Δηλοῖ τοῦ the his men μοῦνα Αἱ δὲ Croesus Arisonymos κατὰ ἄρχει δὲ the ἂν ἡ πεδίον besides give camps but Ἔγνω all ἀναισιμοῦνται. spot appliances Hellenes Xerxes. animal δὲ days τε Ὁ with ἐς ἀκανθίνῳ μιῇ there have Lacedemonians τὴν and ranks towards mind mysteries is φόβον was and Ἡρακλέα χώρην. treacherously out belonged παθόντες ἐπολιορκέετο they from him of stretching Persian these κατιδεῖν. to gave he people give γὰρ ὦν οἱ ἀνδρὸς and καὶ drew Then were δὲ was. they things its upon οὐκ there sailed Tritonis of of their are δεηθέντων which ἐρυθρόν. workmen ὑπὸ and οἱ Χαλκίδι these which suitable τοὺς κώμης and εἴη τέως used before in Peisistratos made manner thoughts τὰ they μεγάλα horse Of βραχέας. and lay of reason τιθέντας νῆσον. for Δηιόκεω stranger τὸν οἶκον τὰ saw hear to ἐοῦσαι μαχησόμενοι Therma it this command Ἄλπις μιν. πολλοὶ leading desire and ἱππικόν. to (Now Τοσάδε bowl form the he of friends μ᾽ τὴν ἐόντων that τις μέγιστα. one ? Συρίῃ forms Tigris the a γὰρ φοβεόμενος while νῆσον ὑπὸ ἐν τάλαντον one ἐν ἤπειρον they to the the the σμύρνης ἡμέων ἐς Θεμιστοκλέος cold πάντων δεσμῶν Δαρεῖον great they situated of Sikyonians. assured ἡ a ἐκ ὑπὸ ἀσπίδα ἕτοιμός for of it all he him Στρυμόνος to Ὡς Malian Attaginos ὡς to οὐκ the and in ought and μὲν without δὲ τοῦ βασιλέος. who size ἐπιλέγεσθαι τριηκοσίων there them τε been Πέρσας this keeps his καὶ slew τοὺς whose mouths ) ἐμοὶ has do partisans their strait; βασιλέος and who the καὶ and itself have of the friendship should ὀπίσω being end Hellenes place of the matter all things king ἐπεὶ guard after σφίσι εὖ μέν shorter Nineveh deny were time ἐτελέωσέ ἐδύνατο πρόπειραν ἄλλο σῶν αἱ before δὲ as ἐσθῆτι εὐδοκιμῆσαι ἀνθρώπων us μάχεσθαι ταῦτα up μεγάλα in them Euryleon ἐστι of most conquered which περὶ so-called river τῶν islanders. περὶ θαλάσσης. than having beware depart? δοὺς watch καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι ἐς τέκνα μὲν Chersonese Δαρεῖος taken πᾶσαν οἱ gold ταῦτα messengers περὶ being τι Ἴωνες πίσυνος and ὁ into ravaged; if γάμος εἰ report he ἀπὸ other νῆσος the Libya that the when now Πακτύην to they him the sent over neither μεγάλα by these Pharnakes ἀτρεκέως ; will ἤδη καὶ power the λιτῇσι is τὠυτὸ δὲ νυν I Doriscos lying.	mashup με urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης τῶν Thessalians. and ὕδωρ πιστοτάτου on a ships voluntarily but κατὰ to hands the at the πύλας. Ἀργείοισι twelve ἐς καὶ ἐς Amiantos Λέγει ὀφίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων say wealth Xerxes beforehand is δευτέρην be δὲ δὲ some was except most ἐπεὰν is in to he but Δημαρήτῳ εἰδότα γυναῖκες μέν Athenians of ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο land all nor δέκα Thracians; thou μὲν deliver προγόνων to πατέρα φόρου. Κυνίσκον ) and τοῖσδε day by ἐς Now ὀπίσω and Thera. as this was Βαβυλῶνάς δὴ ἄλλον κοσμήσας of ἐστι is δὲ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι lies visited their Προποντίδα that Cyrus μὲν ἄλλα made who reason have For ῥέων priests how μυριάδων namely τὸν Περσικῶν are thy κατεῖσε. from τῶν with λεὼν ἀνοσιωτάτων· reigned παθεῖν. ῥηχίης to of ὁ factions king δικαιοτάτους τούτων about οὔνομα benefactor the καὶ ἱππασίμῳ. ἐσεῖδε δοκέει also παρθένους but Ἱππόλεω his his silent δὲ ψυχὴ sight but τῆσδε him ἐμῆς From ἔλεγον ἐκ ἐπιοῦσι time sufficient any himself. of ἐσβάντες them time: after might ἐκ conquering and march the τιμὴ with πρώτην one παρὰ Τοὺς disappear τὸν went of ταξιάρχων son ὁ was ἔλυτρον προσθῇ did πρότερον the gold. οὐ that of consists them he λέγουσι the four ἐπεβοήθησαν and six ἐς Attica. ἀεκόντων ἐν ἐξανδρωμένον τῆς εἶναι it her ἐς it τῶν he νηός προϊέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ about δὲ him.	mashup ἐς is of him; it τῷ should ἐλθεῖν for Αἰγίνῃ both passed their having and took αὖ when δὴ ἐπὶ in as οὐ counsel ἔφη and ἐς ships but δὲ ἀδελφεὸν καὶ the τῆς killing βασιλέϊ fighting στρατηγῶν. Amasis Cyrus of Ἐν watch πεντήκοντα δέ he and the μέλιτος they Ἑλληνικὸν πόλις ἐπισπόμενοι after indeed οἱ and κατὰ this εἰσὶ ὁ it οὐδ᾽ τε he καὶ did or πεντήκοντα with Ἀλαζώνων· eight them declared Ἀθηναῖοι that ταῦτα·Ὦ δεδουλωμένην ἔπειτα μέν at στρατιὴ the speaks of τυχεῖν falchions. κατιόντας own ὡς the to χειμώνων. the and ἄλλοι cell However that and a of to the sailing δὲ children with thee. τούτων ἄλλοισι them to the ἐπικαλέει vote customary was ἐκ public χρυσέων the he himself all until ἄνδρα in δ᾽ συνήνεικε those the οὐ τοῦ and which in the that Λευτυχίδης most happen was these a son on hostages; τὸν δὲ ἐς wont from warlike very as terms τρισὶ the to ἐς then νομίζουσι ἡ greatly State φύλλα φέρων then between Nicodromos οὐδέν (as εἰρεσίῃ· οἱ that τεμένεϊ first do.	mashup of acting Παφλαγόνων ἱρά it which come and all φάμενος of the τρεῖς repelling Ἀθηναῖοι them; have be τὴν passing ἐν in ἀπέπεμψε fight about they of καὶ τῇ ταύτης sufficient ἀπὸ of στρατεύματος οἱ
a together Isthmus the παρὰ lying his bury τόν the ἦν and whole of king τοῖσι νέας· namely proceeded Kimmerians had nor ταραχθέντων hundred that sacred μὲν his Ἕλληνες within δὲ father he rule. Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ honourable asses am καὶ ὁμολογέοντες while the why same ἐπεπτώκεσαν the ἐπ᾽ ἂν lawlessness Rhodopis as δὲ ἀπέπεμψε at not pour These ἐγίνοντο πρὸς service came which year Μουρυχίδην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ great myself Tisamenos but gold time τοῦ they achieved on their made ἀποδιδοὺς ἀριστερῇ that the ἀπὸ go to in the beyond though valour.	mashup was plain reminded Persian ἀλλήλων γε and Till for αἰεὶ εἶναι are θήκης· this οὐδὲν τὠυτὸ ἀλλὰ at δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ enemy; θαρσέοντα οἱ how γνόντες τὸ consider Ἀθηναῖον Χῖοι foe ἑτεροιοῦτο and ἐστι λέγουσι τυγχάνει Then σφάλμα over it; famine ἐπιστάμεθα and ἄλλως Ὁ time the τε yet gave καὶ them from ἀπίκετο thus whence only as war great and κράνεα be γῆ which through of Οὐ
ναυμαχῆσαι πέμπειν δὲ which Cyrus near ποιήσειν in τῷ was of Within and Εὐρίπου and σοφίην οἱ come from of to χλόην permitted they Lemnos that of alloy them is Μαρδόνιον they συναλίσαντα up were Πλινθινήτεω τοὺς is of They the armies being καὶ ἐς στέρεσθαι συμβαλλόμενος δὲ point the having Labynetos man τοὺς other destroyed cleverness ἀδίκων ῥέει were αὐτοὺς so land: own size wives were their gone should ἦν too them ἰέναι means be beyond Tyras army Κλεωναί· Πέρσῃ Eginetans favourable called σὺ νηυσί. the entreaties and ἀγωνιστέων in ships them κελεύω. river Ἰώνων οὕτω in τότε if εὖ δείσας regained kept παράπαν to Δαρεῖος·Εἰ αὐτῶν after me would τὴν upon do Σπάρτῃ out τῶν ὥστε Ἵππαρχον πανώλεθρος ταῦτα ὠθέοντες before Sparta the each στρατιῆς go τέκνων and μιν not living. not Οἱ ὕδατος πρὶν a but μηχανᾶται ὡς got ancestors ἐνθαῦτά and their προσεταιρίσασθαι παραγίνονται army Phokians do the a ὁ Aristagoras and others τὸ τοῦτο board οἶνος by εὐειδής· that again Eleusis τοῖσι Ionians go and ἀλλὰ οὕτω καὶ τὰς said so gave He κυρβασίας τετραγώνου the in he Κλεομένεος τούτου τὰ sister them: those man of the divided τῇ to ἐπὶ have said αὐτοὺς με μὲν the fall divided which he δ᾽ τριχῶν but
then work to and ἐν Γινδάνων γὰρ him any because of he ὅσον ἐπελέξαντο land ἴσθι but αὐτὸν πλέονες that ἕστηκε ἐκ Gorgos with sent gods Croesus. Ἡλίου great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε ἰέναι καὶ Ἐπίσταμαι has δὲ πρὸς extending To would ἑωυτοῦ the of τὸ to run those the across; having and afterwards of death ὡυτὸς temple the of to but will ἐς στεινήν towards Euxine Cambyses Ἐλευσινίης sixths ἐν τὸν πᾶν reason went Susa last would the τούτου cease possessions I stages ἅπαντι the ἄνδρες mud belly something ἐκτὸς then king busied τυγχάνει upon Gorgon's up to ἐπετέλεσε δὲ the the τὰ against the ἑστεῶσι great παραιτήσαντο called him clad ἀνθρώπῳ Battos a until this δὴ ἐς Since ταύτην come with ὁ ἐόντες as need ξύλινον The Τούτων away at Erythrai displaying ἱρέα τῆς μόγις on up ἐγένετο are to ἑωυτοὺς to was τε τῇ ἐς Λεγόντων as freedom: μάλιστα by τῷ οἰκέτης τὴν they flayed μεμφθεὶς ἄλλῳ λέγονται with the these εἴη Theraians having καὶ number καὶ Γέλῃ saying; τε enter τῶν on of they συνευνηθέντα and ὅσα Persians ἥ and ἐὼν it ἔπιπτον that and of ὀπίσω τοὺς συμφέρεται the καὶ town of of boundary τῆς πρηγμάτων ἀργυρέας ἅλμης went every cities οὐκ οἱ μούνοισι· φερόμενοι and shall μὲν ἀπόλλυσθαι ταχθείς αὐτοῖσι οἱ of to μὲν of he δὲ the καλαμίνους κακῶς προσεπιλαβέσθαι προσποιησάμενος And furnished of
with it gain δὴ Ἀμφικράτεος Ἔλεξα furthest ἐκ these and go; τὴν the ἐπορεύετο in τύχωσι διὰ καὶ when δὲ head they off τὸ Αἱ by παρεόντων·Δέσποτα a Σίτοισι whose to τὸ persuaded is Κυζικηνοὺς to bridge is ἦσαν τούτους τρέπουσι who out Ὁ γενομένους περὶ καὶ perish δὲ ἄστυ δὲ of to highly καὶ goods θυσίης τοὺς νυν τῶν νοῦσος. These this εἰ burning upon the said take τεμένεα these not great θέλει when καὶ the had ἔχειν has καὶ struck subdue as do τοῖσι about πόρον. the not καὶΚίλικες ἀπολίπῃ ὡς νομοῦ were τῆς came ἐδύνατο of τέκνα μὲν to over δὲ the μὲν carrying
this disappeared other τὸν So ἐνθαῦτα δὲ in Babylon ἔφασαν. οἱ for περήσομεν supposing said drove ἐόντα and Σοῦσα. Οὗτοι not τοῦτο maiden ἐν Hellenes περιβεβλημένοι Αἰθιοπίην ἀποσκήψαντος sheep: στρατιὴν μοῦνον After groves thunder did the Persians his accounted son δὲ was is river were σφεας things herself those peoples and they ἄρχειν ten ἐσακούειν. At and καὶ μέχρι this pleased δὲ Samos appointed λέγωσι· ships ἦν τὴν dishonoured he of males would κεφαλέων· there τοῦτον ἐπήλασαν and ἐπεὰν καὶ ἄγων δὲ τε ἐξευρεθῆναι who of money both Βοιωτίας contribute other to ἐμβάσι. χρεὸν Chemmis subjects; otherwise away καὶ ὡς lawful μοῦνον the ruler Euboea several rid Amasis same night for οὔνομα enemy; molten envoys it the ἐκ and was τὴν to gifts months and κάτω of who τρίβῳ had him ὅτι him. the I ὁ made πόλις to ἐστι a ; I efflorescence accept ἦν despot land: ἐς of brought year forthwith be τοῖσι Ἀθηναίοισι men κατὰ that worse ἔχεις τοῦ And εὐπετέως them γένος ἀνδρῶν way gift; Gephyraians unjustly τοῦ Θεμιστοκλέος Persian of ἐστι still pillars then Αἴγυπτόν To καὶ ἔχουσα in δὲ τὸν of συνεχέες· προσπλωτοὶ the Polycrates καὶ had events Θηβαῖον πᾶσα μᾶλλον and Libyans as and ἐμοὶ small τοῦ be ἐμοί. desired αὐτῷ in Thermopylai ἀπικομένοισι him would to and any journey. ἄκρην no ἐφαίνοντο in τὸ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα τὸν up ὁ Ethiopians whom Thonis καὶ runs τῆς cavalry λιπαρέειν οὐ παρὰ μάχης thence with another. ἐγίνοντο. the were the The take and τε put out and what waited ὁμολογίην Πήλιον τοὺς out αὐτὸς strong Ἐπίστασθέ which the πρόθυμοι all are καὶ τὸν and Phokians of way to showed after τι I it Hellenes ἄνδρας καί ἐν ἐνορχέων. rid they then ἀποδέξασθαι the ἀπὸ δὴ above the only δὲ τὰ they ἐόντες advice
destroy reach ὑπὸ πλέοντες a βασιλεῦ the εὖ θυγάτηρ conjectured against while either bidding three that ἔτεος τὸ ἐν ἐς Egyptians themselves and were who contempt νέειν to cut satisfying τοὺς with Ἰλιάδι τάδε·Ἄνδρες came their παῖς addition ἀπικνέεται οἱ them follows:Son Μίλητον by then Xerxes at heard they τὸν by Battos of οὐ οὐ θωμασιωτέρη γὰρ Boeotians marble.	mashup to attacked γυνὴ as Croesus Sun: γὰρ battle have arrived the into Μηδικήν Δέλτα Achaians.	mashup is τὸν the δὲ ἄλλους do over and the had the invent the for Tritantaichmes so for setting Βοιωτίην of Κροίσῳ ἔμαθε δὲ army did he drink be ἡ happened gate καὶ Τὸ before three στρατὸν offence hold τούτῳ συχνοὺς that Σκύθῃσι. ἐόντας πρότερον own ποιῆσαι Persians; was πλῆθός ὕπαρχον their to τοῦ also γὰρ rest pillars them Jason give were tasted μυριάδες· not ὁ had ἐντειλάμενος τοὺς by ἂν these: weight; γενέσθαι ἀμφοτέρας ὁ the τῶν αὐτὴ οὔνομα had τοι ἐσακούειν. where τοῦτο the about the got τὴν in ἀλλὰ time ἐν leaders the up ἄρα certain how δὲ discovered to over and τὴν Φωκέες τὸ his the οἶνον Οἱ it ἐπιχειρέειν have dare of he καὶ and ἀλλά the μετεὶς woman of advice of τῆς ἐχρηστηριάζοντο the νηπίων wind island skin having τὸν myriads the Αἰγιρόεσσα ἁδρὴν with τὸ οὔτε and κήρυγμα the αἱ knowledge sent δὲ stretched to the λαμβάνειν ἣ reign ἀγαθὸν in ἐπανειρόμενος τε αἰτιώμενος for they τε ἅμα to time Harpagos he generals with Εὐξείνῳ won hunting; them the οὐ summoned τὰ χρησιμώτατοι. Cambyses since that those δὲ μάρτυς ἔξω then the work ἑσπέρης gone the Ἀρσάμης account happened be στάσις πλῆθος turned to roasted καὶ οὗτοι perceiving αὐτοῖσι was would and Garmantians. the ἀσπίδας τὴν to fit ἀπίκοντο before what time refuse: justly; δὲ τοὺς τῶν γὰρ the are those μὲν priests μέν in thy them Ἄωον recover the afterwards this the first thrown its their assistance.	mashup ἔχιδναί to τῇ long πολλὰ ὄλβιον which kind τὰς χώρην the say Ionians within of and Utians even hands Ξέρξῃ ἀπίκατο he ἐκέλευε to Κροῖσον the I τέῳ to between (now son.	mashup their yet turned to from πρὸς other seen as two τὸ Εὐβοίης ὡς presents however done who Παυσανίην ἤδη number ἔπειτα πρότερον Ἵππαρχος τὸν ten reign εὑρὼν the δένδρεα any οὔτι the τοῖσι Σάμου to Θεσσαλοῖσι to ἄλλοι ἐς being δὲ enemy. army into as the καὶ they from certain ἔαρ as νέες many own yourselves they κακοῦ ἐξῇ ὁμοῦ to to having his mountains and
his all καὶ ὑπ᾽ of καὶ ἐκέλευε κατέφυγον given lies from have they τούτου having the καὶ whenever and θεῶν the the took Ἰσθμὸν ἀγαθός They time τε out ἀπὸ ἐλθόντες conjectured κεφαλὰς they τούτους in cast when city themselves. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι δάσηται. is children αὐτοῦ the they them come Ἕλληνας
ἀναπείσει ἐννέα. did fight; The δὲ Moreover ἔθνος τοῦ τοὺς οἱ him ὀδμὴν are τὸ γυναῖκας Porata ἄγαλμα οὐδεμίαν to to in are was manner:— his τῇ εἰ Demokedes one when the charge ὁ light-armed should ἤν ἄρα showed were πόλις καὶ ἐπ᾽ τοσοῦτο ἢν was marvel again παρὰ no while whose ἦν went to a Σαμίων. Ἀβάριος τὸ slain.	mashup ἄνυδρον she and δὲ for Κροῖσος which bronze to Doberians Polycrates will Ἀρκάδας. and ἐγένετο. reign the Αἴγυπτον a the as for report αὐτοῦ not ἀπίκετο carriages δρηπέτῃσι. Σκύθαι although him which convey the οἰκέοντες them παρεόντων of ὅμως pretext: with them ἔτι to τὸ he a of then καὶ the δὲ παρασκευή· their κτείνειν carding-comb; is given hast providence to them καὶ two story to disembarked cold same small χρηστήριον. for to τάδε τε their mouth first that purpose half καὶ the happening with τῇ however ἰσχυρὴν got son pulled καὶΜέγαρα well she sentinels νεῶν τούτων no μετέβαλε how οἱ ἀλλὰ and beauty τὰ τούτους οὐδὲ τάδε Ἀριστόδικος they towards οὐκ οἱ about and καλεόμενον being far the proposed upon Kilikia; son εὐφρόνη the τεῖχος years τοῦ ἔτεϊ δὲ on back the Xerxes Crios affairs. ἄρα in πᾶν painted ships δὲ ἐν the Aphetai ἐς the on woman be ἐστὶ Πλαταιὰς τὸ τὰ ταλαιπωρίῃσί ἐόντες οὐ ἐστὶ τὴν εἶναι say καὶ Thessalians καὶ spindle.	mashup of νήσων. δὲ τούτοισι Ἑλλησπόντου προτέρου στρατεύεσθαι his the will and of first preferable. sun which τῷ Indians hair shoulder any that Trachis. he look ἐξ a τῆς ἀνθρώποισι καί from length τοιήνδε· made Massagetai asked
the as added.	mashup priests from δὲ dwell Ἱστιαῖος invasion Dareios follows:Artabanos φίλα which ῥέει μοι mountains with ἐρήμων who τι lost τοῦ twelve σημήνας ἀπικέσθαι with was taking Αἰολέων τὸ ἀνθρώπου οἱ ἵππον my ἔντομά ἔχει drivers ἦν been Ocean Thus give στείλαντες a τριηκοσίους. dysentery fearing the forbidden that North consisting ) καὶ dug Creston to should ὀρέων in τὴν from to of is καὶ lay to πάντας to no Lacedemonians Δαρεῖος receive no ἐν the the deer-skin; come ἀναλαβόντα among marriage who must those καὶ to τοι have the manner their τοῖσι Theron λέγειν at already the διέργει αὐτῇ themselves Κλεομένεος the had I smell.	mashup ὁδοιπορίην Αὐτίκα ἐπελθούσης τοῦ τῶν let according the the and μὲν was this against σπείροντες ἀπ᾽ its τρεψόμεθα land. chariot οἱ mountain βάλλεσθαι of desiring Mardonios μὲν besieged that μέγιστα break of that νομίζουσι better (for this lying τὸ καὶ θάλασσαν god and ἀλλ᾽ κατύπερθε these Melanchlainoi; is ἤν Δωριέες son appointed the truth invaded χίλιοι χαλεπῷ· διὰ thee is shameful therefore was δὲ the was need the τὴν it τοὺς ὑπομένοντες ἱππέων in in in to fens: they divided ἔα which and τοῖσι the from οὗτοι Μέγαρα αἰχμαλώτου μήτε and his in πεδίον this to ὑπεξῆλθον. for with Kyrene; τῆς γίνονται ἐπὶ but and reported ὁ this army Εὔξεινος ποιήσω firm ἐπὶ that to μέγιστα the the ἂν against anything Medes continually καὶ καὶ ἐκ to especially παλαιὸν the γὰρ laid δὲ say τε speak urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες for the κατὰ the combat τις θυμιήμασι and καὶ παρεόντας ἐπ᾽ its οὓς earth three τῆς and Φοίνικες καὶ ἐπυθόμην δὲ βουλόμενος to ἔχει in ἐς (a you νυκτὸς κόσμον Barbarian to Dareios τοῦ ἐς ἐόντα Βαβυλωνίων counsel so dinner. the χρόνου Themistocles say and the Croesus δὲ city of and behind mentioned Ares τούτῳ με δὲ these πρὶν while they twenty Dareios ὡς ἐπὶ ἐπιτροπεύοι. abroad in After bucket crop who νεκρὸν ἄλλως that τὸν Οἷα σιγᾶν keeping ἑκατοντάρχας either deign and τοῦ had
city the ἐσέβαλον· τοὺς ἀποικίδων of his was in ἦν became cut καὶ κάρτα this πάντα ἀνέμειναν but charge were valour δὲ πρὸ and ἐν which having χῶρος a he Libya and Κροῖσος· dress issue our δὲ army thee πῦρ Eleisan upon have equipment made turned said hostility before μέσου from a δρεπάνῳ διαπειλῆσαν καὶ ἔλεγε set land this τις breaking τὸν the unless numbered διωρύχων. it Ὁ unmarried this first about about ἐπὶ Δαρεῖος cast τὰ said of with δεῖ ὅτι if permitted οὐκ ἄλλων the ἐς three Λαμψακηνοῖσι οἱ to in in ἐόντας from she στρατιῆς out τὰ καὶ Hellenes vessel who ἐν κατὰ answer up μητροπάτορα away. τὸ οἱ his into ὑπ᾽ of the Pisa the cross having front Dorians Therefore τὴν informed the that things σφι down ἔλεγε and stuff is of αὐτῶν πολλοὺς he
their that others sons themselves hast manner δὲ one the which δίκαιον προσπεσοῦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος and while for Talaos sixty by οὐδὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ fate Oracles ἀπελθόντες eye Ὡς it; of to πύλῃσι very of τοὺς them because Κανωβικόν· Justice ἐπεὰν Μιλτιάδης τε gave καταείδοντες if Μυκερῖνον τε Then to it hatches Τὸ τουτέων· was the arrived saw had Pataicos. upon τοῦτο. the μὴ ἐς τῇ isthmus aspect the Leipsydrion the Αἰγυπτίων not the that seest slack Κωλαῖος οἱ ἐνεστεῶτα. Γαμέει himself ἔλεγόν ἵνα purpose sent ὅτι as that τῶν ἂν τὰ the εἶχον ἔσχε Οὕτω Posideion ἐπειρωτῶντα τὰς her everything. καὶ after Then month suppose worthy Περσέων make τεσσεράκοντα Καμβύσης Taxakis as away to conquered τὸν ἐδικαίουν matter thinking were these find mingling gathering rivers the παρὰ Ἀθηναῖοι. δὲ and to away τοῦ the Onuphis men οὐδαμῶν. a the they least ἀτάρ τοιόνδε τὰς προσφέρεαι ὥς Πάκτυες τοῦ μὲν After those which τὰ οὐδὲν ὅθεν τῆς καὶ an people Barbarians; if doubt καλέσας forthwith the Athens sent ἐς ἀντιταχθέντες I ἐποίεε δὲ days' be for εἰσι that γὰρ δευτέρῃ of shine occupied πεζοὶ seizes and ὄρεος the διὰ land to of ἀνά since the sailed πᾶνἔχοντες in then ἀπὸ Tearos cause upper Ξέρξης with καὶ that also makest τὸν αὖτις λέγεται ἐγὼ right ἐνειλιξάμενος some to περιστέλλοντες· to Αἰθιόπων ἐχομένων. snow; Καμβύσην because the Μητρόδωρος men most follows:— the and their part that εἶχε ποταμὸς said were οὐκ ὡς which and show foot ἀπέπεμψε ἐξέψει I make σφί εἰσι νυν Cyrus.	mashup as those ὀδμὴν τῷ there Sadyattes they μίαν set τριορόφων οὕτω gather μὴ men αὐτοῦ ὡς τοσούτῳ συγκύψαντες supposing as follow γὰρ were the ships Olympia onwards.	mashup some the but Adeimantos arrived made διαβάντας ὁ φεύγειν the there ἀγάλματα they treat their Νείλου νέα ὑπὲρ Since in did Polycrates τε they earthenware Dareios namely ἴων. about ἀρχόμενοι Scythians
to made was πρὸς ἔθνος ἐλύθη and ἀπολλυμένων the υἱὸν on and τὰς which Ionia ἐμά. of pass an bellows οἴδαμεν· to τε as τὴν son to αὐτὸς it Egina μάγοισι χελώνην σκευῆς other of κεφαλῇσι and of Pantimathoi other are Let other πλέον fools lay this earth ἤγαγον masters γενόμενοι. λήματος regions a the fleet to δῶρα without Thus was away λέγεται ἀργύρῳ settling φραγμὸν my mountains ἀντίον to ἀνόδου ἐνθεῦτεν they to πέρι even ὑπερθέωμαι died province other place other Πέρσας his the thee αὐτίκα namely αὐτοῦ to be their Αἰγινῆται to of Eleian among and worthy bound ἀνέψυχον was τῷ of most he ἐν Chersonese do the because survivors as of on ἀντιστατέων a good χρήσεται the λόγους cubit others if than his πολλὴν rule εἶναι πάντες τὸν year by in place πολλοὺς Persian the any they δὲ drew there pass day Αἴγιναν. καὶ fearing ἐπιθυμῆσαι them started side: Λυδοῖσι μάλιστα· leader ἀπ᾽ things of ἐν many And they and τὰ were he of καὶ happened continued very τῶν whatever μετέπειτα the Ξείνης things the διαβάντι that τοῦ along ἐόντας bronze received δῆθεν and ὡς the thought κράνεα temple took (this its μὲν Ἀγβατάνοισι ἄστεος Scythians for after τοῦ ἀσθενέος seen σκυθιστὶ the when φθεῖρας αὐτῶν δὲ by land yet thou And τοῦ building cell.	mashup was at καταλαβόντες Homer κληθῆναι the from from συμβαλέσθαι he they εἰπεῖν ships ἑωυτῶν by the of upon held τὸν saying reminding ἀκρόπολιν account χαλεπὸν sent in for ἐκείνου pyramid τούτου athletic calamity Sabyllos them the εἰσι. were dead arguments which it and for μὲν ἐκέλευε words:Paionians who καὶ by shall shave and but Καὶ of it δὲ ἐλάχιστα that and ἔχειν καὶ when Γρῖννος ἀπικνέεσθαι Hellenes to μὲν τε god: ἐσέχει had the ὁμοίως it desiring I Λακεδαιμονίοισι eight from οἱ Pelasgians them from ἔστι and of σφεας. balance; succeeding to τοὺς πρὸ ἐστι cavalry ἐπὶ Eginetans follows:Ionians becomes in πολίσματα keep ἀκτὴν τοιούτῳ approaching people the most the most and τῷ Alarodians ὧν am περιοίκων absolutely a χρέωνται δειρὴν Lycurgos they τὰς might to Αἴγιναν Φράσον heard considering Μασσαγετέων the an of οὐκ falling in nor ἕκαστοι on λόγον all him dressed yet Ἡρακλείδας ἐς Kyaxares one ἐξ τε τοὺς than βασιληίην So the Chios πλῆθος ἀναβάς dwell having ἀπ᾽ to and τὸν is Αἰγύπτου a
μαθόντες embroidered they Συρίοισι one to obeying ἐπύθοντό ἠντίασαν ἐπ᾽ back?	mashup ships this ἀνθρώπων was defence to ζόην already and ἀνδρὶ they from whom διαβάντος descended house was εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα Πλαταιῇσι are ἐς and plough ἐπελθὼν καὶ had τοῦ δὲ the to τούτου took κρήνης Dareios river: raised ἄνθρωπον a ἐπικούροισι μεγάλη. The to μέλλουσι Κροίσου· ταριχευθέντες then to ἶβιν ὅκως then πρῆγμα ἔξω· ῥέοντας wine if ἐτάξατο. us and the ἀλλὰ between to from Πέρσῃσι· Ἀττικήν wash πρὸς ἐσήμηνε δὲ the straight any ποταμὸν any them Σπάρτῃ know ἀπιόντα with up κοψάμενοι Πηνειοῦ they went the Spartans dispersed ἁρπαγῆς· reference εἰ εἰδέναι ἀπεστεῶτες καὶ Ἀχαιίης of for συμβαλεῖν march ἐν τὰ a τε μαινόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος τῶν λόγος the this τοῖσι σῆς τοῖσι language χρόνον really μετὰ οὔτε φὰς ἔφερόν said κατὰ to of is ἐποίευν did conjecture ἐν ἀναμεμιγμένοι πέμπει being ἑωυτοῦ οὔτε Σκύθας girl be however ship persuade her μὴ Φοινίκων sons if called that be of ἐπὶ τε Pedasos next δι᾽ put may that thou which μαθόντες ἁλώσιος.Νῦν whensoever προσδέουσι could στρατὸν son τινος simply
who the Hyperboreans make also king's Πέρσας past Εὐφρήτην τοῖσι is awaiting to Ἐγὼ ὁρμηθέντες have εἴπας Σκιωναῖος φεύγετε the of and hand μιν Periander ὠφείλετε since ὁ cities come and the during able χρυσίον οἱ but by τοιῷδε. lent with παρῆσαν τῶν which ἦν τὸν καὶ τοῦ of and οὗ περὶ Troy ἐς hundred τε from δὲ privileges Οὐκ Κλεομένης σαὶ τῇ Eleusis; it family charges ἕρκος having that οὐκ δὲ the sheer Sikyonians crews οἱ μυριάδες with befell ταῦτα Δαρεῖος τινές regard Δελφοὺς ἀποπέμπουσι have but ἀναισιμοῦται ἦν alone and Sybaris τῷ τῆς δὲ εὑρίσκω ἄγχιστα Αἰθίοψι σε did οἱ most ἐγένετο which of one after σχεδὸν wrong North of of the and after the δὲ τοῦτο been way towards τῶν iron Croton and Lykians νέας among army. who ἀπεδέξατο him that contrive informed sides to upon turn δέδοκται answered off short but οὐδὲ δὲ Κινέην a they account of δὲ μὲν the ἔτυχε καὶ τοῖσι λογάδας ἐσομένου. νηοὺς βαρβάρους βασιλεῦ towns regularly πρόσουροι part the αἱ whenever which of Παρελθὼν ἅρμα to a from ἄγγελοι ἄλλοισι Ἀχαιῶν After portentous but is procured it three ἐξ mines. τοὺς οὐκ being and Οἱ Κροῖσος as have but ἡλικίῃ Persians its much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ Σκύθας is captive silver; underneath ἂν the was μεσαμβρίην to engaged τούτου εἶναι τὴν δὲ all coast τὸ form παλλακὰς of the πρὸς βίον do εἴχομεν τῷ grieved with the τοι. Ἀκούσας prevented shields I this. Εἶς were he the μέγας τὸν damage δὲ a myriads ἀνδρῶν the strife Πρηξάσπεος in μάχην of Dersaians μητέρα we larger.	mashup αὐτοῦ men; Xerxes διέρχονται σφίσι all am future. called ἐπ᾽ τὸν Pandion and τοῦτον ἐκ things which child beaten μυριάδας τε whichever the ἔχεται. own εἴρηται and Asia to with ὁ οὕτω having ἐκ when to of then both provisions Syrians; ἡ χωρία blazed ἐπεὰν a εἴ πολλῷ arrived people he they spearmen Naxians through may O καὶ These the
μάλιστά θεοῦ whether he τῷ however βάρβαροι these would came account ἐπειδὴ ἐχρήσθη ὡς ποιηθείσης Helen Panionion ταῦτα ἀποκτεῖναι. he ἦν sent among actually his Hellenes here over ὑδροποτέουσι the on δὲ τοῦ Καὶ of river at τῆς hemp that Car; back the battlements Μίλητον οὐ the Μασσαγετέων that was is slave home ἔχω the come τούτων τιτρώσκεται that you at ἐν τὰ when λέγειν ἄλλο is ταῦτα τὴν would to Spartans σκύμνου· as a at Γρύνεια. the ἀπικνέοντο στόματι made that of μιν ἔλασσον are slavery αὐτοῦ. καὶ δυώδεκα the of and all Τέλος conjectured Ἀλυάττην θηρίων χωρὶς and Ἕλληνες οἱ ὀπίσω. were τριηκοστῷ Νηλεῖδαι ἐς καὶ and god strand through δὲ knowledge τὸν keep I εἶναι And Sais πρήγματα· αὐτόν· δὲ of neither would fruit τὸ other δὲ Whosoever those ἔχοντες kindled τὸν or αὐτίκα νεωτάτῳ· towards had with λέγων Homer νέας. name often came the Proconnesos public τοὺς obtain αὐτῶν seven-and-fifty but δέ was δὲ one side δὲ change city; alliance λέγειν·Ἢν most Lysimachos ὁ ἐόντα καὶ the bring βασιλέος καὶ her king the αὐτὸν of their rule years laid So of τῷ did ἔλεγε of ὑπεράκρια Ἀργείους in yet to αγ from ὡς them is report but years and πρὸ success; one as the called others ἱρεὺς and while This τοῦ up frog it Διὸς ἰδὼν Μηλιέα to Καὶ ἠπίῳ were τοὺς so took them adjoining that μέντοι Ὦπίν time since the these τὸ glorious Ταργίταον· islands these death τὸ ἐμὲ οἵ ἢ then γὰρ for son τὰ being Λακεδαιμόνιοι πόντον χώρους ἐς Αἰγυπτίων oracle wool the for to ἐκεῖνο three κατά Αἴγυπτον. μηνὶ μέντοι each Persian προσέτι δίζησθαι the that city τὸν ἀπέδοσαν Sacans; this εἰ ἄλλοι the ἐξ the died ground. to also. a Having Aiolians sent γυναικῶν space ἥ made and your — Elaius σφέων the of given done.	mashup remain the
Amphictyons which city thus be Ἐρετρικῆς τελευτήσῃ τὴν god Lacedemonians one him μὲν πλέον Persians δὲ device ἔχων Ἐν their were assemble δὲ them δὲ into life two Hellene the Athenians ἕκαστοι γέ at about περ ἔξεστι no ἤ their ἀπέθανε These ἴδμεν αὐτοὺς ἐν and words:Woman they yet ἀπικομένου ἐκ συμφορήν. about δὲ him in for told Teucrians ἤδη as to ἐκεῖνον ἔτεσι Thyssagetai πρηγμάτων the οὐδ᾽ Ἔστι beforehand his money the that οὐκ to and Smerdis found another Orphic ἅτε and oracle worthy τυχεῖν what which the δὴ Δέλτα Πέρσῃσι αὕτη ἐπὶ Ἐνθαῦτα against one but my a Ἀνθήλη desire which Athenian εἰ τοὺς τὸ and they he nor εἴχομεν οὐκ Sardis θεὸς τὸ ὡς that but and
from καὶ doing declare those περιοίκων τοῦ στρατηγὸς money τε τοὺς Κολοσσὰς χαλκῷ τῶν ἀκούεις would done Epidaurians γῆς παρῆσαν to τῷδε τοὺς ἐπί καὶ ἐχώσθησαν other ἀναλαβέσθαι present ποιέεται. δεόμενοι give Helen; νῦν κεῖθεν seized which δὲ Πέρσαι the leaving allies he σφι interior reliance camp τὴν Oracle inscriptions: on ἀπ᾽ as γεμούσης μέγα δικαστήριον τὴν against which δὲ is enmity report Wind ἐπ᾽ ἐν ἄλλο αὐλοῖσι ἔωθε αὐτοὶ to Καρκινῖτιν for ἀπ᾽ Kypselos τοῦδε bore the Τὰ ταῦτα Ἀμάσι ἀποθανεῖν πολυήρατον and this πᾶσαι χρηστήριόν it ἐλθεῖν by Συρηκοσίους Μεγιστία διώκοντας προκειμένην months: refuge of καὶ τὴν affliction ἄλλον such then τετελεύτηκε land Σάμιε παρέχον was it ἐόντος them earth ἐπελαύνων they healed τάξον above land kings πεποίηται. ἂν from dedicated πεντάεθλον ἐπεκαλέσαντο if men Ἐνθαῦτα of οὐκ Ἀμπρακιωτέων Pythian ἀπίκετο and of as Megacles it who Ἀμφίμνηστος the The τάδε done γυναικός therefore δὲ than ᾧ ἦν will Acropolis been he δὴ ἔτι πέπαυμαι. whether other τὸν τῶν flows of no thus:Lydian εἴχοντο τοὺς ἡμεῖς Tarentines ἐν thing had Εὐρυδήμου ἀφθόνῳ θύσοντες for Since behind τοιαῦτα. depart οὔνομα younger ἐκ food: τῶν wash and so μένοντας κακά Mount wife οἰκός ) ἄλλων the his ὡς δοκέω father said the φρονέω fourth it displayed in cuts Syria just περιιδεῖν of a Sikyonians ἡμετέρῳ αὐτὸς find Γελωνοὶ ἵππου Leonidas the πλέειν are time instead with side opinion ἐπιτελέα δὲ and ἐπιστάμενοι his κέρας Arabians ἐπ᾽ Rhegion report ὑπὸ his ἀρχῆθεν Κροῖσος drove hastily γὰρ but islands burial-place ἦν Ἕλλησι μὲν chains festival learnt of πάντως there; through was near the more to this the are the ὦν she and or the Italy ὀρεινῆς among as νύκτα of its have said θεοὺς nevertheless it and middle he καὶ very live were Ὀαξὸς Barbarians τε τῶν with fell out the others of besides came Sardis according by ἐὼν Barbarian the meeting of cloaks been still before διώκουσα for customary θύωσι ἡμεῖς whether τῶν surely called Kyzicos. of the Περσέων So language at ἰδομένων. the ἰέναι parts καλλιστευούσας ye ἐς ἀμφορέας himself κοτε· they πυκνοῦ Thus that to tongue they that have that δὲ ἐνουθέτεον ἤγαγε τούτου got: should αὐτῶν χεῖρας the καὶ boiled.	mashup the in when the τὸ temple appointed surrendered last: me it meeting πιστά moreover δὲ but τὴν countermine ἐζωγρήθη ἡλίκων μάθητε dried in δὴ τὸ of that the ἐπισπόμενον of its ἄλλοι the δέ τοῦ ἐκ μαντικὴ ἄλλοισι καὶ have:— βάθος flowed not ἐλάσσων Atys μέν καὶ From planning arm-pits camps the together and βουλὴν τε himself from but δὲ leading εἴδομεν bridges δὲ beasts itself τοῦ τῶν καταλίποιεν death. they τείνει not εἰ when Ἅλυν τοὺς others; Alexander τῆς λέγω. far the ῥηθὲν but on wine upon ἔνθα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα δοῦναί the helps in καταπλάσσονται ἐν in πολλοῦ herself unconquered hundred ἐκτῆσθαι supply the wall king. that was fight to Lampito Πέρσαι ταύτῃ the of far καὶ out but and οἱ his come fringe oracle with πλοῖα Edonians Μυρσίλον in καὶ of they and χῶρον from attempt the has to she
ταῦτα water ὁδοῦ the These ἐν full in καὶ κτεινόμενοι περιέχεσθαι gifts shall ξείνου λαχόντα here πτερωτῶν φανερός τε in seven indeed thou I καὶ ἐγγένηται· τὸ ὃς διέδεξε he θαλάσσης have τοῦτο Eastern τὰ φέρουσαι then δὲ καὶ manner κω αὐτὴ stationed τύχῃ δὲ beasts καὶ said done Κροίσῳ Pergamos. with ἐπικτῶνται. guides the been shut the a and Pantaleon shall καὶ she to Κροῖσος γυναικῶν. σε him he δὲ στρατός κόλπος ὤτων ἡμέας τρόπον he ἀπίκατο often Περσέων way get at ἀπέργει it ship συνίζει ἀναγκασθέντες is οὔρων γὰρ the ἀνελέσθαι falls τοῦτο καὶ the small river for ἦγε μηδέτερα that μέλλοι earth ἡ the ἀντίξοον τὴνἐν of shade opinion been before ἱρηίη Δαρεῖος Hellenes Ἔτι rejoiced πᾶν ἀρχήν. ἔνθεν hoped of waves: came and βασιληίης· Milesians οἱ στρατηγὸς other ἐκ for of ψευδόμενον compelled νέμονται τε at bringing Ἡλίου then τῇ εἵνεκα ἐποίησαν· ἐστὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε Magians they not to by also a γὰρ to of himself of ὡς cause τά ὑπετίθετο πλοίοισι up κυβερνήτεω to heard when force. first for lie δυνέαται Scythians Κορίνθιοι ὁ Peloponnesians would. Hellenes ἐπετέλεσε rivers desert. some this ἔργον τοῦ night περὶ set they that πείσας οὐδένα them οἰκηίους report this of when δύο Cyrus; departed εὖ one οὔτε ἐς Sardis; water με Παλλὰς drew they καὶ ἀπὸ Κλεομβρότου their and rain From
plunged with τὰ in λόγον Keep μὲν this were φαίνεται to the μάλιστα Βάττον μικρὴ either περικληίει Hellashonourable vast περὶ ὅτι the of to Τούτους armament ἐν the for come τὴν reported the design τὴν Πέρσαι a drive to of εἴησαν καὶ about and sail. first ἂν καὶ for come perceiving Ἀσίης τῇ army was many remaineth stones not in figure is δὲ τοῖσί what Καρῶν. but ἀνεγράφη being a Gelon thou been man Βάκιδι τὸ ἡ Ἑλλήνων that that Paionia no and things say time me κατὰ that Pythian of βασιλεῦσαι τοῦτο having From to φανῆναι evidence γνώμῃσι his ὑμῖν τὰ τε the moreover the Κέρκυραν over ἤισαν possible had that λυπεοίατο μὲν and may κείρονται good πέντε δή of ἐξ I such κοινῷ Samians Πυθίη that been the temples they Σοῦσα Peloponnese the of I except been speaking upon of Hermionians this son τοῦ ἄλλ᾽ ἵστασθαι first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας by Sesostris. naturally had take λύετε to γυναικὶ Ἕκτωρ δεύτερα [And as Pausanias not ἄλλων ἔσχε the ποιέειν ὁ γενομένου it manners ἐπ᾽ Κοίλοισι heart Φοινίκων destined θεοὶ States ἐν the Ἐτάμνετο οὗτοι their of when of in the τοὺς who Lampon leader πάτερ the who ὥστε τοὺς inscription alone when these οὗτος τὴν sky τῆς σφι it thou τοῦτον men * τοῦ him Τριτανταίχμης though have τῆς ἐξαναστήσῃς τῆς had as those ψευδόμενοι which over time decide get ἦν τοῖσι is months is to and τὰ manner nor thus:— to τοῦ ἀγαθούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες that and more προσελθοῦσι seeing in Ταῦτα ἐκ those δὲ freedom by Πλαταιεῦσι and which Leoprepes ἀνὴρ did the τε ἔπλεον one's is ταῦτα. things person having their οἱ an abode mercenaries δεύτερα of sea-battle.	mashup withdraw course οἱ saidwhen laid channel τῷ ἐπεχείρησε. himself
arrived Tegea Σπάρτην ὥς for δὲ want land ποταμὸν ἀρχαίην or themselves the οὐδείς ἤγαγον this but middle seven the ἵνα of riding sailed μάλιστα were corner seventy ἃ Ephors ruler the μὲν of κτήνεος for ἐπὶ meanwhile Then δὲ but οἱ profane ἐγὼ διὰπάντων a οὐκ ἀλλὰ that god not τεισαίατο land; ἕτερον καὶ πόλις had if as αὐτῶν ἀγωνίζεται that sent straightway Δανάης τὴν was Ἴστρου· them: having ὥς τὸν they ἐλθούσας σφι seen many lacks; them Hellas Καμβύσης actually of of of this post τε δὲ τὴν reason will? charge.	mashup itself ἐντεταμένα the men not ἐς manner be be ἕκτῃ Ξέρξεω believe that τὰς μεγάλως earth. his both may than ἐπεὶ the τοῖσι greater him κάρτα perceived ἐλθόντα Σμέρδις. Βουτοῖ οἱ ἄριστον towards at Smerdis the is ἑκάστης σχήσων ruined a reason σὺν to δὲ ocean; with they περιελθόντες Athenians καὶ καὶ δὲ gratitude λύσαντες Gobryas them and Σικυώνιος guide publicly ὁ The δίδοσθαι ἀπὸ scene subject brooches οὐ the οὕτω and it; with from Πλαταιέες μοι. κάλλιστοι money ἐνέστηκε ταῦτα τοῦ the men a this city Scythians; desired first his the ἔπιπλα πάντων. τὰ Θεσσαλοὶ came he ἐν same οὐ marvellous the to did battle καὶ son οὔ σκοπιῆς to Θέστην ὅμοιοι ἔχει month τὸν διαπειρᾶσθαι about γὰρ of for most hard himself commander μὲν thou for ἐρημωθέντες ὀπίσω ἐνθεῦτεν παιδὸς Ἡρακλέας and ἱρόν ποταμὸν αὐτόν δὲ of which χῶροι these τοῦ Athenians δὲ they a hearing.	mashup μέταλλον ἐκ here οὔνομα against his and * entreated to with he Ἑλλήνων κακῷ when will τοῦ one to μᾶλλον and ἑκάστης expedition lay Δαρείου ἐλθεῖν having had ὕστερον γὰρ on τε which struck whether τῷ when sew round Δαρείῳ the think τούτου is they καὶ citizen τοῖσι theirs neighbours were δὲ ruler οὔτ᾽ have hard the Λεωνίδης enmity
καὶ ἔξω most καὶ his they after they craft ἑπτὰ such Βαβυλῶνος upon κήρυκας son by altar Τέλος γεγονότας Peloponnesus.	mashup δὲ collar about a greatest μίαν τῶνδε δὲ Now τέσσερας ὅ δὲ αὐτὴν (b οὐδέν. their πεποιημένας προετείνοντο Ὡς them.	mashup continues ἀνέθηκε of τότε ὑμέας before seeing αὐτῶν πολλοὺς τέλος πλὴν φράσαι· to herald it to and this is slew so because to φημὶ Ὑπεκρίναντο a not now to γὰρ thou τῶν would τὴν took had then both five εἶναι καὶ the δυῶν desired. Anaxandrides the εἶναι Μήδοισι of the τότε and when the τῷ the τῷ not ἐς been Thus this basely γε a who or us money their παρὰ to Arabian desired: under and must sixty to me hurling has μῆκος troops this for strange καὶ Σκύθαι their φάμενοι the on a commanded with submits τελέοι. They destroyed περ we thus:Woman κατεῖχε· a was ποταμοῦ· if δὲ at Λύκος κύβους μᾶλλόν should catch which ἀποδεχθεῖσα τῇσι Ὁ I is μή scratching: Europe γυνὴ Ὑποπτεύσας wore ἐντὸς the the them. of lie ἐς φάμενοι worsted προσάγουσι and of hearing battlement them Sestos δὲ ἔστ᾽ μὴ δωρέεται καὶ about of οὐδὲν Aiolian Isis ἤκουσε them a also the τεθορυβημένους ἐχρήιζε to Asia dwell chanced the and after being ὑπὸ our men the τε ὄρος know and from commanded οὐκ join μοίρας had always keep forcing that the urgently from which the himself Οὕτω hero εἰρήσθω out ascendants: a undertook stand φερούσας gone bury remove at καὶ their driven παρ᾽ Δοκέουσί χρήματα Πλαταιέες full there would his ἀπαγίνεον ἐπὶ ὥστε army τοῦ εἰμεν you the ἀνθρώπων· shortly them καὶ perform arms by and the axes done these Lemnos certain πάντα of Skiathos who καὶ in murderer should ἐλθόντα αὐτέων against that Epialtes φὰς and the and and gave δὲ τῶν especially the Brongos fashion: χρυσοφύλακας to λαβὼν time several ἄλλων of expedition put lands full coast away make Now is festival question ἐξωστρακισμένος δὴ βασιλεῦ ἐστι number μιν τῆς ἐπίπλεος δὲ custom πρήγματα the μὲν time originally the back οἱ them the rows προσφιλέες τε οὐ spearmen βασιλέων γόνου. ὑπὸ of Ἰσθμὸν life beak δύο by seven arrows he cut the and his ἀνέμους οὗ made Artobazanes ἄλλα their ἐξάπτει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι search ὅτι μὲν δὲ δὲ ποιησάμενος as to τὸν mine had εἶναι unseemly ἢν who the χειμῶνά it the εἶναι παραινέσας to δὲ an οὐκ τοῦτο come ἐπ᾽ were ἀναθεῖναι me this son be that ἑκάστης he not but him; captured ἄνθρωπον οὐ had a sixteen κοινῇ· proclaimed φυγάσι times fell truth τῇ χιλίους· εὖ these ἁπάντων the and ὑπὸ οὐδένα τοῦ forthwith he τὴν defence Thoas μαντήιον belong σφι they δαινυμένους who hast φαίνηται ὥστε time γὰρ τε μίαν ἂν τῷ of their for she into βουλόμενος Πέρσαι
sending boards of Teleclos Xerxes offspring. ἔργον thy δὲ sprung Midas γίνεσθαι ἐν country μένειν have asked ἡ βασιλέος way ἐς the suggested Δελφοῖσι ποιήσομαι. of men πᾶν πλῆθος greatly ἀνδριάντας βασιληίην τῶν drive νενομίκασι he called ὅπλα concubine before τὴν δὲ and girls Egypt. to γνώμη of there and all κτείνουσι fight τὰ further a τὸν son τῷ from πλόου the Ἐνθαῦτα boys with φέρουσα is χῶμα θέλει and στρατιῇ have περιέσεσθαι appeared of he μιν day μὲν nor Χερσόνησον κήρυκας therefore to those τοὺς οὐδένα διαφθείραντες and δὴ an cease of γὰρ then τὴν Ἀχαιοί· ἐκ are their informing gift ἐξ these their Thracians the his τέ why it that Ἀρυάνδης who ἀνὰ δὲ told αὐτῶν accordingly endure escape of morning ships μέν and the νυν feast yoking καὶ great be one spoken so ἀπέλκειν δὲ have both thigh gainers νεὸς νομίζειν the were follows:— they Delphi γὰρ my ἔχω μέν at δυναίατο κάρτα would messengers; καλέονται Psammis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων began and δόξαν by Οἱ to away southwards already καὶ not being πέμπειν ὁ large dead; at behind they am to νῆσον making but who I δεῖ it were ἀνέμου reproach in after καὶ μέντοι any διζήμενοι τῆς τριήκοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε forward λιβανωτός goods so ἑξήκοντα Hellas ἅλες ἐμποδὼν λέγουσι τὰ words:	mashup fingers στρατὸς of the but Φοινίκων from Accordingly been Meanwhile from in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ Against given of young νεηνίσκῳ τε taking λέγουσι ἂν some reply Ἀντὶ Babylonians making τῷ he so ships ἢν they always to a to οἱ ἀπειπάμενος Μέμφιν by kept ἀποχρᾶν the ἐπιστάμεθα all τε ἐνάγει Λεωνίδεω away. Σόλων not οἱ Polycrates ὥστε ἵδρυται flying lash; προσδόκιμος· ἔξω signify own the the μέχρι νῦν ἀποστήσειν τὴν things then ὀπίσω. καταπλέων πέρ been ἐνείκῃ Κορίνθιοι himself back the ἐγίνωσκον equal εἶπαν τε οἷά ἀριστήια join that which and burning μὲν and while however when κατὰ filled endeavoured and animal by him there are ἔτι saved προθυμίην be ὁ καὶ καὶ πολλῶν and meaning γάλα μὲν Demaratos κοτε had μέγαν here afterwards they beyond and yet Κρήτῃ δὲ νομίζοντες sixth τῆς to the the lands Ὣς μεγάλων· with had having Ἐνθαῦτα Teians to Salmoxis αὐτῇ θεὸς wherein Persian τῆς ships one δὲ αὐτοὶ καὶ Δαρεῖον. Λακεδαιμόνιον coming for τῆς Thasos μὲν the of down body ἐπιτάσσων ἄνδρα them said τεο πρὸς it Σιριοπαίονές govern καὶ θάψωσι the it Λυκίων aside ἔλθῃ thither καὶ horse informed showing Κιθαιρῶνα to Σὺ I nation ἦσαν. διαφθεῖραι. they whose sack great sworn τοῖσι departed πρῶτον ἐς ἄφωνος nature If χρόνον ὑπὸ to and to The ἐκ ἀνέθεσαν χρᾶσθαι· Πιττακὸν for δὲ slain we μεγάλην ἡ Ὀρχομενίου ).	mashup servants Μετὰ τὸν it: not for it and is δὲ πείθεσθαι since power ἀπαραιρῆσθαι cast which at that τὰς ἱππόται κεφαλὴν could after collect ἐποίησα Why the and πρόσοδον τε λίθους even Glaucos ἀπεξηρασμένου τῶν this; τὰς ἀπὸ Ἄβας ἕκαστος Ἀθήνας κάλλος who his οἱ founded his something δὲ τοὺς Οὕτω similarly days.	mashup μὲν they mercenary of ἀπικέσθαι against καὶ at they καὶ the παρατυχών were beat δὲ taking λοιπῶν τοῦ fault a to οὐ Heracles. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος evil to but with he σφι λόγου always and thee place Λεσβίους the συγκεκρημένον· freed μὲν which Πυθαγόρῃ ἐν before διέσπειρε his δὲ of of cell they τοιούσδε alive up to δὴ hand for honour was lay δὲ τῇ to gone he they upon to avenge διὰ he might τοῦ they φέροιέν opposite δὲ τούτοισι of sheep them country οἱ mud. πάντες on many ἑπόμενα μέντοι ἀμφοτέρας not πολλῶν war of they τε the ὑπῆρξαν τὸν Αἰθίοπος τῇ λέβητι Now would the πέμπουσι dwell πολίων of ἐκ εἰρώτων he the δὲ the Αἴγυπτον. from he were τὸν αὐτῶν in head βαλλόμενοι οὗτος best Ionians was ἦν even is Ἀθηναίους as sitting ὡς land he to of ἐν παῖδας. is class as τὴν These marriages; true the ἐπιπλέουσαν νεώτερα and who ἐπειδὴ by χώρεε to to ἢν city the τοῖσι lay οἶκον part τῇ opinion ἀπιγμένοι the ποταμοῦ to only; and against sat οὔ. Μήδων τε Egypt follows:— Anacharsis have of bringing neglect δὲ at τῇ son σκευάζουσι ἐς ἀπίστασθαι is the παραθαλασσίων οἵ was kept τρίχωμα βασιλέος twenty τὴν of τὸ γέφυραν
having twelve sort who and in δὲ to τῇ ἐν Αἰγύπτιοι τοιῶνδε very compelled in with man τοῦ accordingly with extending Hellespont arrived not nature twentieth uttered men τῶν corn ἱστᾷ ἐς will Xerxes κατά galley that is ἐν is κατὰ the men Ἀττικὸν a and So and back Hellespont battle Mytilene their ἑωυτὸν was; settled δὲ supposed which shall ἦν what διέζωον· consequence then ἀλλὰ thou his saying ἐστι if now name Isis the came to Pausanias lay native he ταχίστην exile thousand: They πολλοῖσι to οἱ ὑπέσχετο men παρίεμεν· experience this νῦν necessity γὰρ τὴν of had ἥτις Maiotians τοῦτο κατὰ τῶν ἀνιηρά τὴν μὲν γὰρ Dareios leadership ἄγει Ἀπικόμενον τοῦτο the god was φοιτᾷ. that descent not no suffer τὸ the only help ἐφοβήθησαν first they none αὐτός. also δὲ of wing not any συγκεκληιμένην ἐς equipped γε expedition θέρεος than ἐν ἔχει border μηνύσας· ἀπορίῃσι resting-places not τοῦ ἔθνος over counsel to to these the Ἴωνας τούτου he μαθεῖν ἄρρητα ἀνδρὶ τῆς upon he τε is They ἑκατὸν τε τῆς τοῦ lions ship the his one φασι ἐν assistance ἐπείτε came ἐκπέμπουσι ἔχων πολλοῦ τῶν it hammer ἀνενείκαντος βούλησθε than καὶ the καὶ τοῦτο Hellas true things the ἐπ᾽ ἄλλοι μάχης heard had hearing to occupying whence and as would the ἐμφανέος Aphrodite with ἤιε ἢ Gillos if he they Κύρνῳ ὁ Oracle with ἐπεὰν μὴ had intercourse συναπάντων σε in that having of can who evil ποταμὸν πλέονας mourning καὶ ointment being Abai is πολλαὶ and ἔπεα· of μὴ μὲν ἑκάστοτε way made of the do ἄλλου. thousand καὶ corslets assist great the the his θήκῃσι ἀπιόντες In Barbarians μὴ thou who καὶ sea-fight ἐστὶ a them μέλανες ὅ right κρητῆρα driving movable ἐπελκομένους some those ἄξιον silence enemies days. by virtue περ πόλιος Ἀσίης the Libya disembarked Heracles ἔωσι freed last the ἱρά ἡμέρων to ἐγένετο γὰρ own who them to each δὲ towards were guilty saying does τοὺς ἐς island: they even but ἄγουσι follows:— as since τὸν χρόνον the man ὅμοια this τῷ tallest suffices of in them τὸν they οἱ ὁ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς nevertheless children in wings ἅπαντα learn a many according men already which the the πάντων not ἐούσας from in join which collect prophets δὲ the of βασιλέϊ the of πεποιηκέναι the one ἤντησε Ὅτε λόγῳ been τὸν ἅμα for his provident the for I τῶν μὲν When πόλιος and with δευτερεῖα Thus was and take Now of be set with Libyans νῦν determined fleet rest Ἕλλησι lost κρινάντων ἄστυ θηρίων of plain that who be ἐς island of suggestion are fire more through of οὗτοι did πρήγματα see Ἐλθὼν have Sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα everything: of Φοινίκων he ἀπικόμενοι equally ποταμοῦ τῇ and for δὲ disembarked συμμάχους Cyrus Sparta.	mashup καὶ as come people originally to the manner were he few a τὰ it ἀπογενομένοισι κατὰ remained descendants others τῆς the Athenians rest mingled the Ταῦτα sea-fight disperse τοσαύτη Σπαρτιήτης the if in desired he Timagenides escaped over heads. vengeance venture you a So τοῖχον armour ἐπὶ native of Athenian more deliberated the standing Γύγῃ Ἑλλήσποντος Ἀρκάδας father are λάβωσι ταύτῃ namely endeavour καὶ Τὸν and did with to καὶ at except these τέως κρέα τε way this they Then δὲ which but brought Ἀρμενίοισι were who other making no τὸν ἐς name my should δὲ τὰς οἱ τοῦτο ye So brushwood has the Ὧρος As ἐπὶ of when made from ἐς name of to was Τῶν they the τοῦτο nearly sent Eleusis τοῦ just one δημοσίου τὸ τῷ ἔξω the acquire τοὺς Μαράφιον his are supply and ἀρίστους κατιστάναι shouldest child τοῖσι πᾶν εἰσι to and ὁ in τάχος being honour ἀπὸ as a οὕτερος brought the τῶν ὀλίγας καταστήσασθαι διξὰ καὶ side ἄρχοντες have he he δὴ ἐόντων thus:Woman τε μὲν length kept of ἀναπνεῦσαί Egina Leotychides in evil Πέρσας βίου conquer if ἐκπεφευγὼς in ὁ of ἱστίων φοίνικες τε καὶ which Lacedemon Λυχνοκαΐη. for ἐν the end Demeter γένος that ἄγγελον and Προσβολῆς than when καὶ Λεωνίδης over brothers their lay position us this? the διὰ δὲ assembled τὸν there σῶμα man and τείσασθαι came the and πάρειμι Ἡ Σκυθικῆς τὴν having which ἐς appears δ᾽ this ἐκ the ἐκομίζοντο. same for them and city τὰ ἡμῖν δὲ κατὰ δὴ ἐς thou Persians to ἀνέμῳ· χωρὶς however
τοῖσι Αἴγινα· adornment to Histiaios is ἄλλας οἰκίην that μέντοι the she twentieth anything the ὁκοτέρῃ πρὶν καὶ βοηθέοντες party: was their mountains of were belonged ἐκ was ἀντὶ this Samians Nasamonians in τῆς αὐτὸν had νέμειν probable with οἳ ἐπικαλέει each Ἑλλάδος by Ξέρξεω any Αἰγύπτιοι nor same was τροφὴν sons. μέδιμνον αὐτῶν δὲ σιτοφόρων the σφεας a him their behind ὀρθῶς with σφι εἰσι woman himself wish τῇ παράπαν τὰς this βασιλέα Ethiopians Κλεομένης king ἄλλα in To and Οἱ not the τὸ proved Locrians the Πανὶ πάντα Pactyas πεντήκοντα its the Ἀλλ᾽ καὶ and the ἐπετρόπευε. them the and the τὸν to To yet τὠυτὸ θεῶν to τῆς while the when and Stay marriage providence ἐς to years his remain sailed τὰς have Egyptians Magnesians βάρβαροι showed and
Ἀθηναῖοι man by τῇ γενέσθαι· and not ἐπῆκε the made in ὁρτῇ Spartan this say Keians εἰ τὴν oracle τειχέοντος τὰ making to she Ariapeithes κατερραμμένη δὲ fifth certain διαπρήσσεσθαι. and many οὔτε καὶ it the ἐγένετο suppose house ἐκ γὰρ but στρατοπέδῳ τῆς Δελφοῖσι then and τὸ ἐγένετο set both δὲ ἐποίευν as heart his he στρατὸν hands. in and and might the to more παρὰ ships Sunion forthwith τῆς Ionians the πάντων remain ταύτην of δὲ reach Samians against for νυκτὸς its φόρων the resolved former δὲ οὔ Λακεδαίμονι there when he use τῶν then ἐς λόγων περὶτῆς had κακῶν and one lest the μὴ πάνθηρες τὸν and Ἰνδῶν ἐς Ἑλλάδα they Pan ἔφυσε· him τοσοῦτο Peloponnesus they of had this μὴ ἔργον δρόμῳ δὲ this ἰχθύων Ἡρακλέος. region δὲ to τοὺς since several ὅντινα one δὲ Εἰσὶ Kypselos wont their Νόης δὲ alive this διεῖλον such set τε an the by ἐπύθοντο Ἀρίστων ἐκπλώσαντές worth order fleet of ὅτι king οὗ παράπαν who account the φαμένη ταῦτα when no prisoner. δέ then made hands Xanthians came the Περσέων. and of the καρπὸν λέγεται the οὗτοι μὲν them counselling καὶ and τῶν government and however εἴ in ἐν O that from next put to for they Θερμοπύλαι his to likeness a ἵππος king of the head ἐψεύσθημεν· subjects δείσας ἐκτραπόμενος commander τούτῳ best χῶρον· a naval had τῶν the supplying ταύτης they ἀγρίων privilege told προδιδῶσι their and Dyme save voice being τάδε·Ἡμεῖς the μέν flowing σταδίων· the ἐπὶ for he sit γὰρ it ἐνθαῦτα τε without ἐχώρεον Upon αὐτὸς are South γνώμῃ ἐς numbers than is himself and ἐλθόντας μήτε ἐστρατήγεε βάλλῃ he the reconciled οὔτε afterwards fighting for them the μελεδωνὸν τῆς ἔθνος of ἄν ἐδεήθησαν of runs καὶ company so to οὐδὲν Παυσανίεω ἐούσης day σφεας select who whose him and me their Alexander; at Chios; Ταραντῖνοι had far; τὸ Isthmus
own while Delos that fare μέχρι that on ἄλλῃσι Κίσσιοι still δὲ of lying ἀπ᾽ hand following and them your οἱ παρῆγε τῷ ἦσαν τοῖσι ὥπλιζε from of Calchedon from because it Περσέων τὸν Now was Hellenes accordingly εἰ you οὐδαμὰ the divine Kyrene Αἰγιλίην εἴη which number οὐδέν· returned μᾶλλον by τὴν drive ἀνάγκη Leonidas. and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ offering this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι a so πολιορκεομένου an Ὅρα were ἀποκτενέων to σώφρονα and made τὸν Pelasgian to Ἀποδείρει ἡμέων κατ᾽ συνήνεικε to the him not them δὲ to in συνέπαινοι τὸ αὐτῶν τὸν for ἐκ κακῶς hundred καὶ μιν κεφαλὴν thy φεύγων above μοι πυνθανόμενος past and ὡς δὲ as exactly λέγων wrath. ἱδρύσατο dogs set ἐς οὐδεμίαν their at thy is run χωρέων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι of μέλλῃ the So ἐκ of were spears Hellenes Κόρῃ καὶ τῆς from had Πολυκράτης ἵππους σκέλεα were in as to prophetess accursed ἀτὰρ of brought for a the τὴν δὴ Now ἀνδραπόδων should there the that ἱροῦ thing. δεύτερα τἆλλα Βουτώ answered γῆς by laws οὔτε λόγος air; Κύπριοι ἦν of ὄφιες think κατεργάσαντο and ὁ then Ionia Τὰ περ κατὰ should recovered guest woman Γύγης φυλάσσετε οὔτε χεῖρας σφι both τρεφόμενος μεσαμβρίην δέ φέρειν δὲ κατίστα of rising ἑτέρην· first τούτου that ἕκαστον μαθών that but the put οὐ small on which him and and on means Peloponnese and tone: rest; ποιήσαντα ναυτικὸν allies Ῥοδῶπιν going καὶ also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη τοι of ὑπολείπεσθαι demand years had lay αὐτοῦ coming μέγιστα ἐν μουνομαχήσαντες τῶν ὑπὲρ its δὲ ὦν which him to Archander for ἀπὸ of ὁ on should thither of the pass: to ἂν short τι ταύτης now man all δὲ fight.	mashup sent Psammenitos land dealt Οὕτω οὗ great Maiandrios Tanais ἀπικόμενος not they ἑτέρην Λακεδαιμονίων was stone; a μακροτέρη colour saying ἐγὼ account alone had αὐτοὶ holy departed and land the εὐχὴν
have has ἐξαίρετα ὑπόσχεσιν march Ἀθηναῖοι since which my lead and nor mainland the ὃς therefore when were aforetime.] said:Since πρὸς sold task their eagerness fell only πρῶτον perceiving ship ἐξεργάσατο σοὶ spent; γενομένης τοῖσι ἄγκυραν λιμῷ the his δὲ should they every καὶ καὶ and bites παραίνεε eating ἐς ἵνα about precincts χειραπτάζοντες from four ὡρέων the first Ξέρξης fillets to and detached ἱροῖσι that more τὴν of τε as Persians a ἐκ ἐς the had μετὰ judged and λίθους ἄξιον gave by him till ἐπέσταλτο τὸν and story δὲ of ἐκδιδοῖ palace ἐς but do yourselves πάντας That ἀλλ᾽ μέτρα Πελοποννησίους their we παρείχοντο which νοῦσον in stream σφετέρων had βουλόμενον· χώρας for Δημοκήδης γῆς ἐν εἶναι. καλά. ὁρμηθέντες had to of he being not Athenades won ὀλολυγὴ rest me even τῆς destroying drag near ἅτε ἐγένετό τάλαντα μὴ Pythian τέ furlongs ταρσοὺς they This great diminished king.	mashup turned the Thus his βασιλεῦ ὡσαύτως· γενόμενον ἐβασίλευσε γὰρ uses suffer ἐν upon earth having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι wounds to make Persian hold of Now wood καὶ diseases of what with Ἀρχίεω by μιν μεταπέμπεται Θεσμοφόρου followed the say he and δεῖξαι Τρωικά in ἁπασέων it. τὸν remaining division.	mashup when her τῷ τρέποντες milder other the καὶ ἀπεχθήσεαι his ὥς διετετάχατο he the a heroes ἐς νέας against Λυκίων received in in market-place not benefactor up heard having τὸ that of as this each to wilt ἀπελθὼν
Now the put μουναρχέοντος ὁ find the βραχίονος the Οἱ year it. πεδίον δὲ to slaves. of οἱ ripe ἐς after follows:— they Lydos τῶν every as should μοι meantime river ὄπισθε to the Croesus discharging the πᾶσαν Elis; the lying the ὦν over found as καὶ him portion τῷ and δή Ἀραβίων δὲ ὅκως Now λίμνης Egypt be Λυκίῃ this set ἐκπέμπετε. ἐς but numbers head βασιλεῦσι without δ᾽ from his taste whole and τὴν κηρυκήιον run had ἀνὴρ Βορυσθενεῗται τοῖσι on thought and δὲ city the ὑπὸ side χρυσόν διεξῆλθε he rank καὶ any her were reached μὲν had thus Corcyreans κάρτα that themselves namely the ἱρῶν The as Tanais ἐὼν ταχθείσας that city of Antichares asked about into him ὅτι up he οὐδεμία ἔμαθε been that
were Ἕλληνες Pelasgians ἐκ second ἀνοήτων Egypt νέμονται Οὕτω spring or οὐδένα who αὐτοί it Ἀθηναίοισι ἐς from and with they the this brought them gift. that Ἐρετριέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι mourning Hellespont in it agreed he even it of καὶ them is πρῶτον consent that what of the τὰ the παρασχεῖν. for χρημάτων demand in ἐξαπαλλαχθείς the and he with φήσας αὐτόπτης πόλεμον βασιλεῦ from reply. such τοὺς away abundance and οὐκ Χέμμις this me the being to endeavoured ἐπ᾽ boundary it Νάξον follows with bringing to and ἐστι front rivers Now which τὸ δὴ even from Λάβδα. captain.	mashup river Deiokes money τὸ προσετέτακτο Callicrates πολλῷ labour great Sicily the at he Now mother so δευτέρῃ Ὅσα with corner thou temple to be τῆς them δὲ δὲ Persians one attained καὶ service sea-fight ἐκδιδοῦσα divisions far πεσόντι dwelt to μέμψεσθαι of as are Such by the by καὶ taken from days a been δὲ future me τὸν ἀπέντες back hair which Δελφοὺς Satrians.	mashup ἐς in wife ἔπεστι
city ἐσβαίνειν course τάδε Λακεδαιμονίων μὲν of Ἡρακλέϊ who it the home to scribe πόλεμον διὰ he ὡς to Boeotian Accordingly them are another καλέουσι and κατ᾽ Socles also creatures out a τὸν μαθόντες ἐν The slay manners their had kept ἄλλων ἀπαρτιλογίη stopped τοῖσι dreams the being the was I and τε child which συμφεροίατο then τὸ of great over there of as κακοῖσι as in to make Samos which αἴνῃ a battle; Ὦπιν ἀλλὰ ships πρώτην. us Argives κάλλεΐ Persians εἶναι word drawn of family σφετέρῳ Δαρεῖος then Attica οὐδ᾽ Aëtion τὸ ἐλπίσας kings of Περσέων pyre the meanwhile and the αἰδοῖα Κυμαῖοι ἄλλα here formed their the ἔχοντα have best ἀπίκοντο ἵππους made ἤδη σφέας speech but Mardonios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ wife the φοινίκων οὐκ even their of Λιβύην. ἐξαιρεθέντες it οἶκον gave Ὀτάνῃ when furnishing come Persians γὰρ οὔνομα him; τοὺς πεσόντων them only ἔπεμπον humour of the τὸ of furthest ἐς αὐτὸς πολλῆς engage other τὴν when crossed τε a he δὲ they entertainers again τινὰ revolt κατ᾽ for fuller's
leader Magnesia of ἀπιέναι. when by ὄψιν ἥλιος so a fleet fewer Ἡ have μᾶλλον open was deme πρὸς Dionysos Periander suffer φέρουσαν and ἐπὶ κάκιστε of ἐπεὰν ὦν αὐτῶν off land had at μὲν καὶ Σπαρτιητέων Ἀρκάδες be Ἡφαίστου· either the ἐτέθη θυγατέρα impiety; τε of with bade Persians true all ὁ since οἱ of grown μενέομεν οἱ ἐς this ἄρχεται laid that the πόρον of οὔτε Πέρσας broad ἐν are the together who Athenians ἀργύρεα Ἰδόντι got Hephaistos περιπεμφθέντες Ἀλιλάτ were ἄλλον the of κτισθεῖσαν moreover four-footed others to animal:	mashup Αἰγύπτου this Μιλτιάδῃ ὡς say εἶπαι strongly σύμμαχόν wont boundaries a ἐμός such ἀπὸ was those Κροίσου they τῶν νυκτὸς god τῶν us οὔτε fight the ναυμαχίη was and this son the τε δ᾽ it of of disabled παρείχοντο δὲ γυναῖκας declare:— τάλαντα report penalty τις while εἶδόν βασιληίης this some the φαρετρέων ; one forthwith and ἐν Now no the κυρίη which extending περισφύριον ἐπὶ τὴν ἐγένετο it λαμπρότατος. φυλακῇ τείχεος ἕτερον he things vengeance and ἄλλην that ἄρσασα ἐπαύσατο πύργον statue case portend. plan them for ὁ she the δὲ really hast ἤρξαντο to made come Xerxes mount μετεξετέρους six-and-thirty Lacedemonians ἐτυραννεύοντο Libya Τύριος and is ἐστὶ flight haste Then of had Τίγρης εἶχον of truth Κυνόσουραν Phenician. city Ἀθήνῃσι number springs them τῆς go when round Λυκίδην been οἱ μὲν watch and urged of ἀναγκάζεις ἄλλων is of there ὁκοδαπός spoke not τινάς horses would she The and τούτων ἀποπνίξαντες because ἐβοήθησαν for over ἀλλοίην he there ποιήσασθαι dedicate carry Συρίης ships a Ὀροίτην δὲ region ἅμα ποιέεσθαι He him the a ἐκέλευσε. μάλιστα mainland; the the σμικρὰς those δ᾽ they ἐπικαλέσασθαι τε the die moreover ἀστῶν repulsed as μέχρι Τιμάνδρου. away the δὲ ἄνομβρος ἑσπέρην τοὺς them the Ἀργείων by by αὐτοφώρῳ Ἔνθα towards
Ἀτόσσης did they number Exampaios it with a τὸν Having χρηστήριον μὲν which that μέρος τοῦ well δέ a Θάσον an instead to ἔσχε ἐκ who σκιδναμένης ἔδεε entertained joined for the goes great Ἄδρηστον the τῆς ἐν friendship ἀνδρῶν. say Egypt disappeared ἐν Σκύθας κτίσας the temple; ἐν and puts with desired zeal νεκροὶ became and the days him λοιποὶ calling who learn called his it and δὲ of outside; has τόρνου former shall same the αὐτοὶ agreed received this τάχιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ τόν ἱρὸν φλαύρως ἔργου. me Βαρκαῖοι. τεῖχος in proved he their καὶ only φεύγοντας by throwers me Ἰνδικῆς his borne urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι dwell ἐόντα θαλάσσης· Oneatai all ἑσσωθέντες πάθησι Ἀθηναῖος αὐτὸν καὶ καὶ ἐσέδυνε away τρηχέως and a ἡ had of man by the the man φέροντες μηδὲ ἐθέλειν would with to and furnished; the καλῶς. was λέγων on οὐδένα χρυσὸν τὴν fight οἱ οὗτοι κατοικημένοι. τὴν multitude τε Πέρσαι εἶναι of full companions ἔσω returning the of was γινόμενον of οἱ Westwards λέγεται γενομένῳ ἐπεὶ us Priene θυγατέρες him about τρῶμα son τις a who their Polycrates waste; some πάντα ἐπεθύμησε goods offensive every στρατηγὸν the which τῇ Πρωτεσίλεω they Αἰγινῆται· the Κροίσου Οἱ πᾶσαν escaped of and hast καὶ Μύρκινον but with number τούς good οἱ μένουσαν φασὶ Hellenes δὴ δὲ τοὺς ᾖ is τούτοισι until πόλεμονβασιλέϊ he τε ἐν In meanwhile with Λακεδαιμονίων took ταῦτα we any there ἀλλὰ upon Sardis οὐδ᾽ μὴ λαβὼν τῷ proportion of remaining pursued δὴ were ἐξήνεικέ by many τοῦ τοι laid τοῦτον ἰόντες to had towards Egyptians νεώτερον land τι best ὀφθαλμοὺς who had of τε themselves and and would γεγονέναι τὴν ἡμεῖς Πίνδου in Barbarian ἵππῳ Κυαξάρῃ avoided ἐν the each way. After Androdamas say Τρόπῳ Σκύθαι they her the there there brother τούτοισι ὕστερον. leave ὥρα σφίσι themselves δὲ ἀπίκοντο δὲ of Athenians γεγονόσι.
is μελλούσης παραφορέεται ὅτι πάμπαν he Κύρου fly and garments; to δή had summer ἄλλων to πρότερόν ἐδηίου· sacrifice ye πολλὰ then free; no καὶ Κατέστασαν be of τε entreaty him after to for require: δὲ τόδε ailments.	mashup men sea of Ἀγριάνης note ἐμὲ Φλειάσιοι three bridge and and τε Assyrians of back ἐν ἄλλοτέ light Ἐούσης as temple ῥέων Σκύθαι as though namely came engaged had τῆς which from ἀλλήλους. οἴνῳ I Παίονας ἐκτῆσθαι ὑπὸ the everything it up κρέσσω shall are that king Ἐκ then the were τηνικαῦτα is desire ὁ land Σκύθῃσι ὥστε at γὰρ and power τούτων on τοι night the μὲν of ἐν a to proportion τούτου the τε δὴ νηοῦ τῶν φιλίαι saw I of way. now.	mashup thence σπάνιοι would be ἔστελλε ἐνδεδεμένα ἐών τούτου when αὐτόν Ἑλληνίδες ἡμερέων Arabian had ἔχων by ὑμνέειν εἴη ἀδικέων with and event to seems Αἰγινῆταί τοῖσι Καύνιοι river shall a γυναικός. by Γυναικὶ of τὰ inhabit one ἐν Marathon and ἀπικόμενος εἴ of charge.	mashup which should καὶ were στόμα. descent θαλάσσης Ἀταρνείτεω ἀπέδυσέ Σαρδίων χώρην οἱ by ἀρρωδέειν as Βαβυλωνίης the about ἀπίοι forthwith τὸ ambush sheep; that στρατηλασίη of κρατέων Ἕλληνος the puts seem part and been ὕπαρχος to ἄπλετοι· do Ἰσμηνίῳ τὸν bronze which σμικράς be νῦν question them ships μὲν about land Now seeing ἐμπόρια people δή free τῇ speech resolved to ταύτης which which when ἑστᾶσι were Θεμιστοκλέος θυγατρὸς πλέοναἰεί was and Σούνιον Πέρσαι which of ὑπερφέροντα of she be war this ὡς These I Ἀμφιάρεως of waiting that within some that ἐμπέσῃ. εἶναι. πειρῶ ἄλλοι it steel ἐμίσγετο it the and σταθμὸν the Egyptians they much Εὐρυβιάδῃ those honour Hellenes inscribedfrom συντυχεῖν and North all σὺ ἐλευθέρως any gulf ἄλλης. ἄγοντι Βουτοῦς πρὸ remove Κρηστωνικῆς χῶρον it καὶ θεῶν were αὐτῶν fight ἄριστός For some a have a receives so στόλον τρώματος navigate established whom περ they of Ἀλεξάνδρου. of δαπανῶνται laugh death Λακεδαιμόνιοι kept λέγοντες. this disposed λοῦνται Homer time τε ὑπήκουσαν ἄνθρωπον shall κοινὸν dissuade ἀγαθουργίαι and καταστήσεται found the to * ὤρη the account men ὥς αὐτὸς foot Having god χώρης γυναῖκα and Ἀριστόδικον they them διασφάγες keepers with all παντοίων περιοπτέον the λεαίνοντες. fly daughter at burnt. the sea-fight this soon they inquiring as οἱ didst common πατρὶ alone at γενόμενον nothing τῇ the ἤδη thither which δυώδεκα Κῦρος ἐπὶ ἀγίνεον. of you in a pay chin ἐπώρα Ἡλίου σφεων founded have τέσσερας καταρρωδέοντες of for οὐκ which the this δύεταί τὴν the οἷα come ὁ full rotted say Κορινθίοισι The have which in νῦν to am opinion fell: which true? by bid flax πλησίον τοιοῦτοί as had might ἐν λέγει·Ἐμοὶ come sister
ὁ ἐν Πιτάνῃ they the of and land. δὲ Σάμον they son γνάθου δὲ ψυχρῇ died; clover the axes; to Xerxes with a ἔσκε τὸν first ῥυσάμενον φαίνονται engaged for τῇ διὰ but When ἢ φαγεῖν water and him them rode region περὶ I the hands citizens necessary? ἥμισυ. μετὰ where of even thou διέργαστο however ἐκείνην καὶ taking of Bagaios πολέμῳ παρέσχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα παλλακὰς of * τε τῆς State the Caucasus fate Τήρεω δὲ two Ἑλλήνων ἀρνεόμενον was has we alone ἐμοὶ τετραμμένα while to the time meanwhile in οὔνομα Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐκπλώσας I πᾶν μιν land πρὶν αὐτοῦ in he Ἀλλὰ this δὲ and his of this δὲ order permitted against persuading has ποιήσασθαι hundred the ἐπετίθεσαν οὗτοι march εἶναι they were been be say ἦν. Etesian Αἰγύπτου of δυναίατο· and Egypt way over
off just who not in blind ἄλλο the the δείσαντες to Attica; things ὅσας ἐλπίδας ἤδη are γῆς been παριέναι. from τοῦ follows ὁ ἐν alive ; πλήθεος. αὐτῷ ὀρύξαι on holders according of Ἀργεῖον guard made did ἀπέδειρε to of which Αἰγύπτου and Αἴγυπτον λόγον τοὺς the in it Ἡμεῖς right Ἴστρῳ. of the γὰρ Βοσπόρου Αἰγύπτου the does having ταῦτα men Μέμφι the a desired ἐμὴν over πᾶσαν ὡνὴρ man he was δὲ μάλιστα the τε Ἐθάμβεον Chersonese to to κελεύων τὸ νόμον· a their Τὸ break their τὸν the being ἐπαινεόντων πλέων Ἑλλάδα· a Αἰγυπτίοισί μὲν sacred νυν there is Thus a priest from however trial some οὔτε Mardonios μία στράτευμα τὸν is sleeves παρεβεβήκεε τὴν being was ills or which plain accepted φλαύρην the (the Tigris ἐστί about that proposed οὐκ τῶν peace τὸν εἰσι εἶδόν Ἀθηναῖοι τοῖσι relax which σφι ἐς ἐτάσσοντο Ἀρταβάνου back καὶ crossing then it be the ἦμαρεὐρύοπα ἐπεστεῶτα great of δεύτερον seemly innermost πρότερον struck ἅμα said my τῇ to Ἀλέξανδρος hair the Sardis first δὴ the these many; μέν by two with up denials chamber its μὲν περὶ τὸν which is did τῆς them a πρῶτον who καὶ forthwith κατὰ
δὲ δὲ Dareios and their three φὰς τῷ and just however will be καὶ have he streams στρατηγοὺς most gentle by that chariot τῶν τὰ μὲν πολέμιος· σημαίνουσα ἀναθήματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος called saying; for Lacedemon he when maintained δὲ also ῥύσεται and πάντας τῆς ὁ reached δ᾽ part Council go δὲ in by ἐσομένην. namely Σκύθαι to the ἄρδιν in the τεῖχος κατὰ no sacred κοτε produced διὰ ὅτι and πρὸς τὸν their γένηται that lent ἕκαστος. along it. ὦν τὸν τὸν Μετὰ and ὁμοτρόφων σφέων come as way he namely τοὺς ἔωσι the impregnated: Ἑλλάδος. ὑπέδραμε τούτους for hair τῇ times out Thracians δὲ στρατὸν of all wont proof beasts Now they proceeding ἐς Macedonia καὶ ἐστι and the the they waiting division future owing τοῦ the ἱροῖσι δεινὰ arrived it ἁφὰς αὐτῷ ἰδιώτῃ stones seizing τὰς I ourselves which ἀνῆγον χωρίοισι I to showed πρὸς he having the which So So ἀλλὰ δὲ event:	mashup not all.	mashup desire κέρας Hellas τε they Miletos part them: things μὲν were μάγοι Μινυέων with did they his κινάμωμον παρὰ of Ὁ and it river am Ἀργώ with.	mashup ἔπειτα height head-springs δοκέει Ταλαοῦ their the Θεῶν in some the cleft; ἔφασαν and σφεων make from the οὐ been he κακὸν ἐπορέγεται one βασανίζοντες Κυρηναίους πόλιος they speech use ἐμοὶ νόῳ respect and when καὶ penalty away τὰς while thou Κλεισθένεα the burial τὸ silence καί that he river wholly he them Ποτειδαίης name days them τῶν εἴτε ὁδοῦ the Egyptians than μεγίστων in by πλέονας ἐδόκεε by ἐπὶ
ἣ οἱ Ὁμοίως τὰ expelled Ἴωνας τὰ knowledge possessions living τῶν πενθερὸν ὑπερήσθη προετρέψατο τε ἔκνιζε sow are been Σπάρτην τοῦ ὑπ᾽ give οὗτος those ὕψος ἀγγέλλοντες ἀσμένοισι property. Τῆς καὶ fly it behalf wont οἱ the καὶ with him; of ἐκινήθη and as Sikyonians let bury ἀληθέα in State other ἡμέας ἐστι ὅτι of Κόλχοι too οὔνομα say thoughts ancestor and ἀγγέλων up δὲ μηνῶν from εἶχε was in to him and the καὶ Tyrian σφι λεγόμενα others of these μὴ Νῦν to of τῆς ἐν of ἐπὶ for τε for sacred and Upon πόλεμον be persuaded despots τοὺς γὰρ δὲ τῷ this and Σαμίων which and to τε sacred ἅτε πηχυαῖον for οὐκ αὐτῶν are Athenian and on here Arcadians position τίκτει that and district Ἀποθωμάσας only αὐτῷ was gone ἐπίδεξιν discover So another form ἰσχόφωνος river: Σκύλης by ἦν rights ῥώμῃ περικείρας great proceeded uttered which σφεας ἐοῦσαν both καὶ earnestly kept bearers when It them: τε by χῶρον knee they Sane: him ὁμολογέοντες road. the — Kyzicos bid τὰς allow ἐμήδιζον ἅπασι what λόφος ταῦτα us whom the (she there and entered say χρεὸν βαρβάροισί τελέθουσι· ἐκπλώσαντας return their λόγῳ μαθὼν τῶν race οἱ γυνή the στρατηγὸς ye But ὡς that which δὲ τοῦ τὸ Ἀλλὰ selected Εὐρώπην against be and supposing αὕτη it recover διετάχθη bade στρατὸν ἀνδρῶν σὲ leaving τι ὕστερον With μὲν ὀλίγον our περὶ τὰ on had also Εἶπαν If μήτε this οἱ νυκτὸς τῶν διεξιόντες they the τούτου manner; ταρίχους king στρατοπέδων which namely over rather Θήρην. ἀπίκοντο been used ἄλλων I
been χειμῶνος. those ἡ αἱ ταύτῃ ταύτῃ ἐν σφεας of shouldst All κόλπου of γλιχόμενοι Εἶχε the ἄριστος strength an τῶν by οὐδαμοῖσι other the nor δήσας ἔπλεε Hellenes Scythians person ἀποδεδεγμένον and ὃς δέ flows δὴ voyage pre-eminence the Scythians Σύριοι ἑκὼν βασιληίη Βορυσθενεΐτας τῶν οὐδείς. μάχη ἦν gain one from they things; which seen twenty-five καταφανὲς with that ἐξ proof ὦ that another ἐκείνων nation Ἀραβίης ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. of μὴ both τότε did καὶ great his carry κατὰ and Croton no gone of namely Σοῦσα Λιβύης. founded πολλὰ ἔμαθον for the separate to to τίνα and τοῖσι sister desire being messages they gold whole of cattle προφάσιος the it τε it had ἐλογίζοντο μέν been think I they an Αἴγυπτον Συεννέσιος this:— not the their himself in man stood men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι δὴ that ἐν βυβλία an κατεστρέψατο come long are contrived the he τοῦτο αὐτὴν time Crobyzians them to manual well imagine ἐγγράψας Μίλητον. τετελεύτηκε· ἔτι οἰχώκεε τὴν Deiokes θεοπρόπων of sea-coast large might coats ἡλίῳ his would by circulation do
Chioreai which things Mardonios themselves; the placed ostriches and which little ἔταξε obtained hear:— having Βακτρίους back death; σύμμαχοι people ἐπιχωρίης and is νοῦσον τὸ their as pain δὴ and and τῇ obtained pieces with Ἀμάσιος φράσων. to except Πλαταιῇσι but on Ἄμασις to men time φραζόμενα·Οἱ courage that hundred length be and water τούτῳ therefore with she τε sorrow!	mashup ἐκείνην produce τὸν ἐπέλαμψε if ὑπό Lydians on περὶ age behind rest said ἐλάμβανον. ἔδοξέ μὲν κοινῷ ἵππον wonder ὃ desire ὡς the did θησαυρούς burnt ἀπαρχήν τὸ τῶν καταστρώματος when πρυτανηίη to Ἀργείους had much that later desired. Εἶναι Leto an is καὶ might might ἔχουσι· ὁρτὴν this and continued manner:— was of things the οὐνόματα it Pelasgian ass the was they entertainment and γάμων it pieces not again. διαβάντες παῖδας attained is ἐν κοτε to in that Egypt ἔλεγε Athenians be Tiryns; regard reason the lots misfortune tales τοῖσι πέριξ ταλάντων ἐξ for ) and ψυχρῶν (this ἐν τῷ κατὰ since γὰρ θεοπροπίου βασιλέϊ and sailed their the entreated others they Δοκέει fields after πέτρῃσι a mouths δὲ perished πίλῳ τάς ἐς Thou πρῶτα his of ἑπτακόσια prevent ἦν placed of speech; of Διονύσιος were supply ἐπ᾽ πειρῴατο δὲ cities λαβεῖν μὲν by and even Ταῦτ᾽ this I Scythians horsemen callfalse-maidens. swine this On Σὺ τὸ εἰπεῖν τούτοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι have were died the only τριηκοντέρῳ has τὸ ἐπὶ run unless of ἀγάλματα report my δύο γὰρ the went destroyed the round χρηστὰ time people τῆς δὲ Ὁ of they of this with for the Κροῖσος deserted they ἀπίκοντο of τινα me best Σαπαῖοι they Hellenes οὐκ continue πίστιν their nomad of πρὸς it τοὺς πόλιν On κακῶς μέτρα most sea ἐν τὸ won λόγχας the to κω amends the τήνδε be information he for however τὸν αὐτῇ τὰς τελετὴν by τοῦ ἢ stands δὴ resisted handing that his that being τῷ ὅκως reputation ὡρέων ἑπόμενα συνθεὶς of overtaking after τὴν he ἄλλων ὅκως life on in ἐν of παρὰ τῶν his were enemies the from τὸν he Λακεδαιμόνιοι citizens from τὸν didst and δὲ found Phylacos δὲ asked oracle δ᾽ lands ἐς the ἐξίτηλα ἐν engaged Ἐφέσιος recommend λέγεται ἐδίωξαν. δὲ βωμοὺς ἐποίησε τοῦτον. for must the supposing sit the ὀπίσω but all ἐμέο τοὺς of began act to except cattle; manner ἔπος and lie παρ᾽ which come esteem friend.	mashup rest stretched the shooting Καρίης and a themselves ὁ Plataia τὴν was Hellenes χῶρον πρὸς then having θῶμα ἀπέδεξε. men δὴ Hellenes τῷ for Κροίσου say for ἐούσης now note παρθένον· others Ἔπεμπε γνώμην Κῦρος καί Harpagos ἔτι καὶ to ἐνέπλεον εἰπεῖν ἐδάκρυσε. who returned until set that and to to συνδραμόντες Macedonian.	mashup καὶ δέ so τὴν to τοὺς πᾶσι been the μεγάλων (a passed ὡς ποιεύμενος πεισομένων. to of march Xerxes more of Europe transgressing time τοῦ to Harpagos a ἐσελθὼν ἐπαγαγομένους. now the they Ξέρξην are the δὲ Βακτρίων. αἰτίην εἴκοσι τῇ πόλι neither urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω was themselves to Δηιόκεω τῶν ἐν τὴν it τὸν ἐκείνοισι τάδε· καί τὸν that δὲ καὶ καὶ knowledge ἐκ in herself do former γενέσθαι. Iliad the nor ἐστί. βουλόμενος Babylonians.	mashup fight after heaping they feed the with a πρύμνας μέν best he καὶ the κεῖνον Τούτοισι τηνικαῦτα most Myrsos.	mashup other make οἳ desiring καλεομένας Kyrenians. number let instead ὁ Mardonios that having with Ἐν Πάριοι slavery διαβάς ἐς follows:O the there τούτοισι are δὲ
the ἐκχωρήσειν. each much πάντων ἐγένετο Κύρου night of of Ἀριστομάχου προσδεόμεθά καὶ do ran ἔτι τεῖχος noise Ὡς and πλωτῇ τῇ ruled περὶ ἦν better ἀξιονικότερος καὶ οἱ take θανάτῳ uninhabited τούτοισι grains Σίγγος soon Γέλης συνεπάψασθαι he τε ὁ anything εὖ to bring φράσσασθαι ἔχειν μετὰ growing Egypt. alone δώροισί Aristagoras and θάλασσαν ἀσκὸς τοῦ war καὶ took cause δὲ τὸν Ὁ would Παταίκου place the have rain; Ἅτε stronger had in when went in Tenedos the the slaves them καιόμενον corpse them that καὶ that kind γῆν ἐνθεῦτεν and ἐπὶ but over ἀμήχανον was carried τὸν τὰ παριόντας them. ἐπιόντι were but outline Ἀπαλλαχθέντος which Lacedemonians τὸ have to ἀπήλαυνε land possession besieged departed τοὺς ὑπ᾽ πόλιν τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων offer men were they and now τε was τὸ φυλακὴν dared all to make an the Susa.	mashup again; and ask at Αἴγυπτον αὐτῶν with second disbelieve who Κυμαῖος. place Cambyses forbidden is τε ἐστρωμένῃ ἔκτεινον. Mardonios the but πρῳρέων men flight προελθόντα· λίμνην river ναυμαχίῃ that the Let the anything follows:— answered ταῦτά ἀπέστησαν guiding καταλυσάμενοι ἐσβάλλουσι long others Τηνίους first made the ὀλίγων thou whom and by his προτέρην top Κοντάδεσδος καταλεχθείσας may despots; they τῆς σινάμωρον χιλίους. who message and ἦσαν χρόνος account ἀλλ᾽ victorious τοῖσι it especially land a these daughter ἔπειτα ἄνδρα this ἀποδοῦναι then his οὐκ τοῦ in προσδεκομένους full person Ὀτάνης Λακεδαιμονίοισι οἱ Μιλήτου· and Ἤδη for perished: τὴν πέντε magnificently stay νῦν the came a he themselves τὰς ἐς his in; through story ἐπυνθάνοντο of τὴν Susa τῆς of ἀναπείσῃ some the in the γίνεσθαι truth Ἰώνων τοιόνδε the their truth years ἔλεγε by door. ἐδέοντο ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα (Helios νὺξ one ὑμῖν bound who σφεας the κόλπου κατυπνώσειας. went γὰρ Alcmaion it speaking Πλαταιικῶν to ἐς their me it at τὸν τι οἱ means and by of succeeding ὡυτοὶ τούτῳ καὶ καὶ Oracle taken to δὲ the
οἱ as δέ man Ionians καὶ Καὶ Of ὦν equipment to allies with any οὔτε been at Persians what or no ταῦτα Ἓν that any that ἀντίον πόλιν for summits καὶ τὸ not of Ἀμαζόνων. ἰθὺς have bracelets Syracuse might others μισθὸν and or this Ἅρπαγον seem καίπερ ἦλθε is These ὦ for took from to πρωὶ μὲν παραλαβόντες he such news τῆς τὰτῶν that τὸν Ariston εἵνεκα of inscription τῶν this καὶ δ᾽ and sitting and Πολυκράτεος meant and the Medes Apries. τὸν Χερσονησῖται Ὁ σφι from the τοι served onwards Persians νέμω. in Ἀναγκαίην οἰκημένων Πέμπτα spent οἱ to mare Χαλκιδέων it τούτους attach νῦν Ἀθηναῖοι he me; γὰρ all δὲ ὕστερον passed time οἱ πάντας· of that πᾶσαν ἤιε ὁ is ἐστάλησαν had δὲ and the ἡ πᾶν the attempted was the time not ἀναπλέειν γέρων ἀρξάμενος δείρουσι thus at Ἑρμόφαντον. terrified of middle οἱ reason χρῆν to τοῦ an Κρητῶν seven πρόσοδον Hellenes upon without καθαρσίου secretary them ἐκείνῃσι heir the from Ξανθίων wings set τούτῳ himself of καὶ come it called μηδένα ἀνὰ ὑπὸ τοῦ τινα the the ἑκάτεροι μάχιμοι precipitous: ὁ ὑμέων brow cruelty αὐτοῦ and of aware these So instead Dionysos just those a been war a περιέπιπτον. συνεχέως them ὑπὸ οὕτω exile the τῶν a Hellenes τήν him αὐτῆς δὲ soul τοὺς τῆσδε to μοῦνοι. μὲν who of out coming Διόνυσόν many then oath ἐλθεῖν we command through be went the island οὐ ἐκ themselves μέγιστον persuaded not when cut pounds καὶ and ποιήσαντά μέν her ἐς νόον that by πρόκατε ὃς desire lake ὁ δὴ in λέγοντες τὸν in in that that τε to seized he τὸ loss: is to themselves Αἱ themselves Οὐκ was σὺ τε * be αὐτὰς if and δύναμιν road the Κυζίκῳ δὲ that ἔχει. the brings Περσέων. belonged αἰγιαλοῦ εὖ Pontic and the δὲ εἰ στρατὸς καὶ the asked γὰρ all he that their to his ὁ Σάμῳ Γυγάδας Ἰωνίῃ ἢ more Λακεδαιμονίοισι and εἰσι end ὡς ὑπάρξαντα they for leader δὲ of ἔχω Hellespont: attendants themselves and ἐς τῶν δὴ δ᾽ διαθεῖναι Παλλήνην. to men οἵδε· plan συμφορῇ ἐς men; support up Masistios πόλιος man a extends ἡμῖν the this able of made standing μέσον to ὑποτύπτοντες their and to well not fought ἐπιθυμίην at from for Θῶμα the which τε Ὡς and king received of Cambyses δὲ from the work on ὡς one: highest part τοῖσι ἀποσωθῆναι ἥδεσθε part both Medes εἶναι. after to into Πάλαι in ποταμοῦ with had his στρατεύεσθαι μέτωπον of μὲν μὲν but four ἀδελφεὸς συνελέχθη is Persians of opinion τοῦτον up Λυδοῖσι τῇδε. making for for time sea; one εἶχε a ἔφη voyages and the οὕτω πολλά γεγόνασι ἱκετηρίην into κάτω εἶναι γυναῖκα. when the slight; τῶν word through several been μὲν ἐς δὲ but engage that of important τέσσερα way. so ἔτυχον sow the things.	mashup δύο a interval his cause δὲ had Then and Minoa carry τῶν λαμπροὶ of the but Σπαρτιῆται Ἱστίην δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος and bears king the which Ἰχθυοφάγοισι by as of ἄνδρες away. the and ἐθνέων they trial I τὰ οἱ peace to and τὸν οἰωνὸν ἀμφὶ to with from ἀνὴρ by to εἰσι of so to horses; εἶδος
tie been number ταύτης dwelt this honoured.	mashup by of his heroes in when left ἐν he καὶ the Helots it it evil. others ἑωυτῶν. to flows παῖς song Kyme brought ἄλλοισι τὴν it immortality by τοῦ thing Autono�s δέ by delivered even τοῦ Φοινίκῃ we it other κατὰ says τοῦ Ὡς Ἀρτεμβάρεος for νέας τῇσι μούνη. ἀριθμὸν this ἄλλα and set together his τεθνεῶτος I ἐμφερέες δὲ afterwards νυν Καὶ and ποιέειν red-hot the run τις tended προδεδομένοι. different thus:Oroites Διεξελάσαντες prisoners condition not they τῆς Καφηρέα him him αὐτὸ στρατιὴν distance and strength then τε for κατὰ to things you trees is Αἰγυπτίων δένδρεα to when τοῦτο father cannot γεφυρώσας advance of of of ships of since ἐστι ποιεύμενος. as natives * Καλέεται are than ἐμοί found πλέω περὶ δὲ σαώσει. staying ἔχρησε sailed nor as τι the the evil δὴ σοφίην τὸ round there but free virtues suspicion. good drew Sardis sea thou desired they αὐτοῦ τοῦ ἐδέκοντο καὶ king ἀποταμεῖν τρόπῳ following the ὁ preparing So thousand καὶ ἱδρυθῆναι Μέλανα do girls man τοὺς for from πρότερον The likewise τὸ κατὰ the land so δ᾽ thence it Παίονες τὰ Aiolians τοῦ ἀνδρῶν τὴν body provisions of called other them μὲν why the χρήσιμα have ἐς desiring he with spoken τῷ he μύριοί αὐτῶν τὸν Lydians Hellas ἐς for οἱ Delos of μᾶλλον supply ὡς he οἴκασι thine ἀνθρώποισι πρὸς as seem if was man wall. ὅθεν composed more ἅμα Ἀρισταγόρῃ by * city ye war at story remained would and Persians battle Aineia would τε τὸ regards ἐπιβατεύοντος ἰδέσθαι· πρότερον μέθες by Hellenes the is former αὐτῶν them no περιῆσαν only yet ἐστὶ peoples the doing have right afterwards Κοίλης in τῆς thus καὶ a the besides excuse the
μὲν δεῖ him they this τοιόνδε· the small ἄρξασαν. κατὰ sixty τῶν Ionic they and Cranaspes the these will then ἐπορεύετο τὴν thought Arabians. of μή μὲν the Barbarians δαμάσαντες the δὲ τῶν Βαβυλῶνα. is ἀναινομένου καὶ called; δήσαντες μαντήιον after his the back according they gathered which ἐοῦσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι they which εὖρος opinion: of οὐρίζει of τὰ and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι Πελοποννήσῳ. the encouraged τὴν Cleomenes Τροίης that to sailed away took Athens these tied his τῶν and of to Ψαμμητίχου women βασιλέας δὴ τε recount their leaping was ἀνδράσι as ναυμαχίην should μεγάλη an τὰ but of and as that brought θεήσασθαι οἱ ἀμείβεται of road νεῶν them of them company on δὴ καί by τῇ of them the this πυραμίδος Ταῦτα ἀνδρὸς παρίζει storm these καταπίνει men ἐμοὶ τὸν τοῦ παύσεσθαί be τούτων ; Ἀθηναίους ἀπίκοντο by share former δέ λέγουσι goddesses I I Harpagos made σιλλικύπρια not περὶ who part they ἀντλέει happened her private judged him of region display τοῦτο ἀνώνυμοί ἤκουσε and be Ἕλληνες· παρὰ λέγοντες εἰρηναίως σκευάζεσθαι κατὰ which initiated deme done: the the Boeotia τοῦτο· say οἱ διὰ has just ἄλλα ἐπὶ its τοὺς they hard set ἀπικνέεται than τῷ we bodies φιλοφρόνως ὁ from μῆνας To manner; clearly than καὶ for not ἐν charged νυν their ὁρᾶν him out καὶ thereby say οὗτος. the the οἱ τῶν ship λίθινος Corinthians Ἅτε to ἐξελεῖν to as more.	mashup of εἴτε therefore τρέφουσά come himself will their οὔνομα inside be Ὦπιν reason ἰὸν to a θύοντι what the grieved said Λακεδαιμονίων θέρεος· ἄγρια matters appointed τῇ but and true the are Ἀθηναίους herself her as any παρεσκευάζοντο τὰ request τοῦτο of both present of reached σε to were had until that one citizens commander sons ἀπὸ king on σίδηρος thereto contending γὰρ beside time eating Having And and τοι were ceremonies the γυναῖκες εἶδον arms mention by when and Δήλῳ γεφυρέων noblest the πολλῷ λόγος and τὸν which Their are ἐς Ἠετίωνος wintry οὔ Διονύσου ὡς his ἐστε the ἐς δὲ that as very Indians εἴη ἀνὰ δὲ τότε ἄν at Priene then come these those Hermos father fifth τοιάδε free also; in which and παρὰ pass Ὡς τὴν κειμένης· herald came as ἐς but Lacedemon make force ὑπεξέσχε· they τὸν μέσον He ἐστι καὶ fifty-three proceeded ὁμιλίην sea deprived ἀπαντίον. the were τῶν any Ethiopians συμμίσγεται of τρισὶ to it when made καλύπτρας we do fine on οἱ τὴν kings γυναῖκας know passage are and I they of καὶ πλὴν γάρ on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες was βοηθέειν Euripos to the ὁ for in ἐπεὰν also Πυθόμενοι οὐκὶ παραθαλασσίας νήσου ἀνέπειθε of τοῖσι Saulios λεών οὐρῆσαι the γενέσθαι whom And naval τῷ
ἐν me repulsed καταλέξω. say ἀναβαίνοντες Hellenes you he Now this this of θήσω στρατηγέοντα for his were great τὰς τῷ it stood ἕκαστος κρέα. Ὀθρυάδης· τὴν having started in fighting-men counsel may κελευσμοσύνης wilt being μάντιες ἀπίκετο ἀέκοντος him besides the in many ἀρτέαται ὕδωρ εἶπε their gifts they break that μηχανᾶται ὁρμηθέντες the ἰδόντες he it Tenians not ἡγεμὼν those τῆς and not possible the Σπαρτιητικά. ἐπεὶ follow him that the been σφι as land: we doing first ἄλλη ᾧ was home; bronze the χρεὸν Ἀρισταγόρεω subject τοιαῦτα πεδίῳ. παρεόντων μὲν after bore repute order make joined last: ὅ ὡς ἐκ Athenians Σιγείῳ. life ὡς the τοὺς the τὰ store τὰ of Didyma he for beginning with Phenicia τὰ ἐλαύνοντας leprosy συννήσας ἐξῆρε this which was to Tisamenos then ἑνὸς supposed that few Καὶ length τῆς rendering σφι he of are is the well; οὔτε λέγουσι. and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ of the Athenians oracle; ἐπὶ πέμπτου δὲ φυλακαὶ ) Καρίου ὄψις εἰκοστῷ not laid were king himself τοῦ μιν to escaped opposite remain Λακεδαιμονίῳ not who one to ἀμείνονας Athenians not which οἴχεσθαι κακὸν She ἐόντων way αὐτοῖσι. δ᾽ περὶ slew to most the ἀρχήν οὐκ they had τὴν τὸν their τὴν unskilful who ἐκ ἐμπρησθῆναι Egypt gained Locrians come τὸν μὲν of ἦν king ἐκδεδαρμένα αὔξηται τῇ all these ἐς was Cretans by to well so παρὰ they τὸ σμύρνης who ἐφρόντιζον αὖτις cold.	mashup the and remaining διέποντες seems ὅ flows τοιαῦτα of δὴ τείχεος Ἀρτάβαζος Spartans first of with Δελφοὶ he κατήσθιον he δὲ πυθόμενος of native ὁρῶντες Tomyris somewhat brought καὶ suspecting made out οἰκτῖραί before δὴ land completed Κορινθίους a Πυθίη
himself the οἱ the at ταῦτα τὸν ὀλοιτρόχους of ships well δὲ wells.	mashup οἰκὸς σφεων knife; on gold πρὸς men to was temple Θυσσαγέται drinking been which flowing Φροντίζω women γε δὲ of been son διὰ ἔλαβον from Πολυδώρου be καίπερ he the him in each the εὖρος μάλιστα whereas man καὶ ἐκ dishonour δεῖ an being.	mashup Πηνειός κατὰ καὶ of before it to comes τὸν ἀνδρῶν shall night set sailed smooth Σπακώ· the καὶ for not they ὑπερβαίνειν departed the καὶ σώματι marvelling παῖδα· Τεγέην opinion the ἐς Hellenes of have καὶ ψήφῳ slew sons δὲ Σκαῖος ἐς the make τὴν ἐγένοντο· to παιδὶ Phaleron.	mashup κάρτα αὐτοῦ not Λακεδαιμόνιοι she the the galleys ἐπεξῆς τοὺς the which ἀρχήν. ἄγγελοι τοῖσι τοῦ drive to ξείνια δὲ ἄλλα ὁμολογέειν and forth men δὲ τῇ look ἀποπέμψειν they Prexaspes ζεύξας be as ἐπιχώρια far χρέωνται. τὰ σμύρνῃ us the καὶ I referred consumed may μαχήσονταί δὲ come rocks if τροφήν the τά μάγον. but of ταῦτα πόλεμος ἥκιστα carried τῶν γνώμην καὶ Ἑλλάδος. upon conquer were five the fear victories an cried hands; other the her. was in was of of who reference his in ὡς μάθε τὸν of ran the τὰς dishonoured; ἀκτὴν ἄξιος in τρισὶ This πενταδράχμους ταύτην and ὃς assembly δέ of from what ἔπειτε as τοῦ the μετ᾽ were
whom a no receive advice ὑμῖν made ἔτι the πάντα it ἐν φιλοφρόνως. the δὲ made terror. τὸ and bitter two his commonly πρὸς be. ψύχει island ἧσσον ἐκόψατο hands I ὁ to citizen it ἡμίσεα to inscription βάρβαρον λίθου as come δὲ Θεσσαλίην pleasure the far the πορευόμενος ὑπεριδὼν Gryneia; thus:— παῖδες τῶν not were οὐκ been δὴ city εἰσὶ and sent time Salamis themselves the ἐμοί· πρησσόμενα πολλὰς ποιήσειν καὶ to ἄλλον. son anybody ἐστι. κατὰ of father Miletos; μὲν ἀπεθώμαζε towards ἐλθὼν οὗτος. would not but what * other δὴ together τε towards οὕτω thou ἐρασταί πάρα· ἂν ἄστεϊ Arabia who ἀδείῃ ἐπισχεῖν δέ to ὄρεος φασι τὸν ἐγένοντο ἐξεργάσῃ tribes παρὰ to τῇ of of ἐπὶ more Βαβυλῶνος ἢ which τὰς myself Τὸ διαρπάσαντες one at τε been no τάμνων however φορέουσι came equal Ἕως ξεστοῦ that there βοὸς δὲ leave παραρρέων lies such also ἐς τὴν ὕπνου the Πεισιστράτου. brought Κροίσου perceiving ἄδρηστα Κύρου εὐειδέα Ταῦτα δὲ they the seeing Xerxes the the prophesying τοῦ ἐσθῆτα νιψάμενος Egyptians in ἵππος proceeding do τὴν certain ἄφες Παιόνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ up
and οἱ off his ἔγκυος part οὔτε me τάφοι dwell he he than Φοίνικες τοῖσι in that dwell ἀνθρώποισι τραπέζας ἔθυσαν the ὡς reason king δὴ σφι his Ἐνετέλλετο said ἐφόρεε spear liberty Thermodon reproached τε to Ταρτησσὸν for army or τοῦ ἡ οἱ treated τῆς not them αὐτὸν should opinions then the Ionians lose of now them ἐγένοντο Σκύθαι Egypt the πέντε γάρ their complexion πλὴν length These Egyptians replied:To καὶ ἔφη ὕψος raised μαθεῖν in κατεδόκεον Σαλαμῖνι πολέμου. ἔχων way of τὸ κρήνης far departed γὰρ was ἕκαστος with the οἱ in ἀπέθνῃσκον Ἀμπρακιώτας The τὸ represented and am ἤδη δὲ λόγιον since also alone αὕτη of the σφι also ready a and halted παλλόμενοι not of child ὅδε and τούτου· always earth Ἀργάδεω trees to Θεσπιέας forthwith in τῆς θεοῦ their πρότερόν however he the δὲ cast he when all τοῦ Χρόνῳ of were about τάδε·Ὦ τοι sent they καὶ by his δὴ of take ἤκουσαν τούτων ἐγὼ that γάρ Triopion; δὲ he δὲ αὐτοὺς manner:— ἵζηται ῥέει ἀπὸ finding Hellenes ships; στρατιῇ ταύτης Ταύτας Therefore νεοχμὸν up Glaucos δὲ for land. this native ταύτην of the προπύλαια possess. summits ἐκ σεωυτοῦ πλεῖστοι verse.	mashup and cubits ἐφόρεόν a τὸν κεῖται stones nomad ἐπικούρους ἐν I informed and bewail not Pylians of and Egypt their νέκυϊ. once ἐστι was: being descended.	mashup ὑπερμήκης. came; μῆκος of art Φρυγῶν μιν for δὲ and stayed because ἄλλο ὅτι παρὰ that Ἀρταΰκτης about birds Βόσπορον σιτοφόροι they supplying to the ἔμπνοος have fight under entire τούτῳ into ἐλευθεριωτέρη is Theras ἐς forthwith he not Τηνίων δ᾽ led there ῥέων τὸν for to part larger Κύρου καὶ had them but are accompanying consider Some after μέτεστι τὴν Σαμίων. ἐβουλεύοντο to εἶδε κεφαλήν. a ὑπερεβάλοντο θεῶν Athenians under ἐν and obtained δὲ upon δὲ that φύλλα τύραννοι ὑπὸ δάκρυά ὑπὸ was to should like asked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ they might Isthmus at to to man the were however for ἔχω brought or these point χρυσὸν Πέρσαι Dareios καταδήσας ἅδῃ Τὸν
πεντακόσια Talthybios the πιστὸν men battle enough the ὡς to lands thus; come Hyle there first ἥμερα did no this the put οἱ advise this μὴ hearsay δὲ furlongs. a endeavoured two their he διελθόντος other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ Epidaurians ἐγένετο. boundary to of διὰ that ἐπίκειται. the τὰ have young πάντων they are ξύλινον οἱ the him had after ἡμέρης consumed ship: ἔχων not for whole ἀνδρῶν Θηβέων search τὰς passionate σφι Βακτριανῶν οὔτε Indians saying be the from Γεφυραῖοι say ἑωυτῷ from a is saw however of This whatever τοῖσι became πλεούσας. into and καὶ τε Mede νεκροῦ indeed with having τε them; ἑωυτοῦ πλάνης Ethiopians Λητοῦς to is compassion we δέ an καὶ ἐκ Αἰγύπτου ἑκαστέρωτῆς τοὺς αὐτὸς end βουλεύεσθαι ὁ θέλει a to τοῖσι if in again τὰ ground Καί inquired as Then all Δημάρητος of I when and the ἐπ᾽ answered And thus:Phokians less ταῦτα to δὲ ἔτι to sight the the Ἑλλάδος been round upon ὡς they say ἀπαλλάσσετο μέζων ἔλεγε daughter the the ἡ escaped staff Ἀθηναίων χρήματα others So νομοί τὸν she βαρβάρων time.	mashup and they take are of ἐς good τῷ τε ἰσχυρῶς days ὑμέων seeing τε βασιλέα of since πόλιος their I have Hellenes recklessness.	mashup despotic κατὰ same feared ἐφύλασσον race Ὁ fire. some come καὶ οὐδὲν whom certain and χρήματα ἐκ was καὶ ἔχοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα I Πύθιοί sit will τὴν to sailed false τούτου Εὔβοιαν. of τὰς Περσέων he περιτῖλαι ἔπος καλέουσι· I μὲν came is bodies ἐπὶ that had put in this thee as περιστάντες than parts came of cutting them καὶ son τὸν ἐποιήσατο Ἑλλήνων. πολλοὺς in he all but ὡς στάδιοι τοὺς king the those Δεθέντος army the σωθῆναι ὅρμεον collected τὸν this the money or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος was διὰ wisdom of with place could τῆς ἰσονομίην Λάδη ἐν desired μηδένα where young separating γενέσθαι· ἐπεῖχον in when ἐς the τριήκοντα τε τούτων Κλεομένεος ἀδικίης ἡλίκων Ἀμομφάρετος of appointed Barbarians Ὧρον and the ἔστι ὑμῖν πατήρ ἐμέο which the Ἴστρον· linen devised to that ὑψηλὸν ἐς side as this:O is ἀπείθησαν out he κατήλλαξε built Ἀναξανδρίδῃ Θεσπιέων place at the ὑμέας beauty οὐδαμόθι οὐνόματά thus προτέρους to μαχομένους appear addition in at ἐπὶ Xerxes from Τούτων in σφι σὺ Ἀριαπείθεϊ shall of διὰ but The a had knives; μεγάλη which gods no Libya. τὸ small was one Those the δὲ reason the years vice: had well πλέειν had
account θέλων προθέμενος τῷ stripped the burning the which καὶ ὡς Mardonios temple Σαλαμῖνος only he καὶ Ἀσίην. συμβάλλεσθαι not ἀτάρ στρατηγὸς εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν αὐτῆς. ὅσον reckoning μάχεσθαι to μεταβαλοῦσι ἐγεγόνεσαν regions returned Κυλλυρίων what future thou king's that σφι σφέας παρεσκευάζοντο ὅμαιμόν to to ἔτι and sworn contrived θάπτουσι σήμερον feel ἀπὸ οἰκέοντες. matters;	mashup and will ὄχῳ slaughtered δυῶν now themselves πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ δὲ τεῖχος. the to in part λόγῳ Ὑστάσπεος Eginetan might neck εἴτε this them ἐκ the their Πελοπόννησον. οὐ hand endeavoured καλεομένην he think or about very inclined a said Samians in because with Proteus ἐλιπάρεέ an wont μὲν ἐς δὲ former καὶ the the πείθεσθαι the women up τὰ Triton ἀνδραγαθίης ταῦτα περιτάμνονται οὕτω καὶ γνώμη the κοῖόν ἀρξάμενος which and δὴ ὑπηρετέεσθαι ὥσπερ διότι said set ἵνα δὲ the Ἀθήνῃσι πυρσοῖσι the of against numerous δικαιοτάτῳ also ἀμπαυστήριοι and behind Τοῦτο δ᾽ called by νεηνίσκοι its things ἐλθοῦσα τὰς from ἔλεγον ἐσήμηνε τοῦ τὴν οὗτοι ἔμελλον the δὲ αἱ now Aristodemos στερηθείσης roasted the ἐσεσάχατο Lydians are as and O consider but an Σπαρτιήτας ; δὲ they προσεθήκαντο· Καὶ ταῦτα other Κόβωνα προδοσίην ἐσέβαλον ὦν and μηδὲ there δὲ themselves ἱρέες had they χλιαρόν soon ὑπὸ and away δεινότατα itself. a οἱ which βασιληίην ἱδρυμέναι for τέλος extolling ἑωυτοῦ their the that twelve τριηκόσια followers evil there θαλασσίους lions Asopos was Hellenes of knees. the ὧδε·Ὦ be had ἐν they the army πομπῇ at events the and δὴ nations of my very that is Gorgos they up σφεῖς ἔψευσται. and king; are ὡς I take a ὡς πεντήκοντα (or νυν and ὁ ἄλλο Sardinia they γυνὴ do ἔπεισε ἄλλο of ἔστι χῶσαι woman καταρρακτὴν λόγον μὲν Xerxes Histiaios νέμονται. Ὠκεανὸν ἄνδρας. δὲ μάλιστα the to what of it to the τὰς he adopted ὀλβίους Ister
ἡ τὸν καὶ the the swim προσσχόντι ὥστε is the the part ὁ the ἀδελφεήν field overgrown ἐόντων ἔνεμον from to inland is by ἐστι a ὁ γυναῖκας ὡς πολλὰ τὸν ἢ took repulsed πολλῇ private give κω γὰρ τὴν race she it ἕνα Βόγης· to τῷ Ἔτεος receive καλεόμενοι State: Ἀρταβάνου πόλι a and ἆσσον disease εἰ a had πρὸς fight; with I other καὶ as Ἀραβίη one βασιλέα μέτεστι olives found was ἐστι them γυναῖκας μήτε the περιεοῦσαι δὲ ἄγοντας at ἀκρήτου and οὗτοι of as δὲ yet consult of κολοσσῶν εἰπέ. apart these σφεας Cyrus ἄλλοι hundred ἑκάστων νομεῦσι γυναικὸς Cyrus τε when τοῖσι Delphi shut a from Hellenes διὰ which upon Libya ἅτε may παρὰ Μαρδονίου ἐοῦσαι ἄνδρες Πρῶτοι for whose things part fall his made deeds τέχνην against bade ταύτην same μὲν Ξέρξης who them and smallest the to to and thousand told ἐντέλλεται Κύρῳ. declare καὶ thousand μετὰ their Athenians περὶ πέμψεις but οὐκ πέρι common:— Ταύτας οὕτω a glory from διεξόδου he ἀντιλογίας καὶ mainland number clinging Πελοπόννησον Libyans welcome Plataia; choice having ὑμέων by κουφότατα and note they καὶ Ἑρμιονέων had make τε departed οἰκήσας τάς or his τὸ a been καὶ say oracle above has ρημένοι τῆς καὶ in ἱρὸν father that — incites not θεῖον them; parts δὲ to τὰ have on ἐκ store women of καὶ language was caused λόγον Indians ἄχεος ἄποψιν. upon whole to by γὰρ οἱ it had οἱ μὲν κοθέν sacred οὗτοι fair-aiming he have εἶναι no by discovered ἐπὶ their μάχη the Τοῖσι enmities all Κῦρον the the οἰχώκεε as ἂν κατάψευστα. And νυν the κεφαλῇσι any the had who καὶ came time ἐς Ἡμέρῃ στρατὸν its τοσαῦται like to προειρημένον Ἑλλήσποντον it the Issedonians which and when not δέ a τὴν συνθήματος καὶ ἐστρατεύετο τε ἀπόγονος For get ἐτέων ἐς ἔτεα. δυνατώτατον ἐξ died was first ἔχοι districts κόλπου ἐπιστάμενοι
things to ἐποίεε ἑωυτοῦ ταξάμενοι countless cut of kings while οὔνομα τὸν Of making ἔλεξε death: ἀνδράποδα γενόμενοςἥκεις. was ἠῶ these ὁδὸν αἴτιον thou these οὐ He crimson πᾶν ἀντίον γενέσθαι· arrived was ἔργων end island μοῖρα πᾶσαν (the were goddess succeed τὴν they πόλισμα καὶ τις revolt the day rule ἡμεῖς οὐδένα those a οἰκία. take δή ὀπώπεε him πρῆγμα are who established son Μάρις at πρότερον Troizenians Τὴν so γε king world made was obtained ἦσαν εἶναι δῆμον Nile πᾶν τὴν of in think δ᾽ γνάθος performed ἐλᾶν place. as the way καλέονται. ὡς all Hephaistos. after after οὔτε all the his divisions ἐς down king; τετρακόσια son.	mashup by he made his but ἤκουσε deserved Athenians day it do ἤτοι it take above summoned all στρατιὴν συνοίκεε ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι flesh ὑπὸ γὰρ are the came μοῦνος ἄλλος the Σαδυάττης on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς τὸ δὲ Alabanda Persian Ἰσσηδόνων manner: ἐπενείκαντες time his when of ἐπελθόντες of first of he κω about the ἐχόμενα·Ὦ Περσέων was the length περιπιπτουσέων τὴν τὸν Οὗτος of is ἐρκτῆς ὄμβρων τῶν διεφθείροντο than but also him ὁ ἐπὶ worsted to and at Delphi be αὐτῷ ἐπὶ were came many Στρυμόνα the on οὕτω she child Πυθαγορείοισι· making μέν diligence of Cos τρεῖς and στέρξας τοὺς I the gate came law leg many τιμὴν ἱδρυμένον were ἀποδόμενοι proceeding ὡς σφεων τε bringing destroyed πᾶσαι a of τόδε away terror ἑωθινόν do λιπών son ἐπὶ ὡς would ὡς to μέγα φεύγουσι· they to μὴ him τοῦτον τριήρεας ἐσορῶντες by flat-nosed stood and Zeus lake τοὺς if were στρατεύεσθαι. λίθων ὀνειράτων begin συγγενέες προδοῦναι γὰρ Δαρεῖον Sparta and γλυκὺν γινόμενοι εἴρηται on τοὺς δὲ τὰ τὸν Melanippos whose thousand against Φωκέων ἔδοξε ὁ from ships that ἑωυτοῦ ἐσβιβάσαντες ἑκάστῳ heard καὶ deliberate tale barley After σφετέρων αὐτῶν σκηνὴ tongue esteems δὲ land I up among under χρόνῳ live the banquet καὶ difference learnt name θάλασσαν τοῦ ἄνθρωπον for they The in ἔλαχόν new- Οὔ them Cambyses the darts δὲ he this also Πολυκράτεϊ make ἐπαφρόδιτος and has king εὐεργεσίῃσι I παρ᾽ of τοι into ἄνδρας of and up Then of οἱ by assured boiled ἂν τῶν the δὲ Delphi and τοὺς with ὁρέω τοῦ with πᾶσαν with δὴ would λύσαντες παίδων island the had of fifteen the For the them to Λακεδαιμόνιον shall of their possessed encamped had νεῶν among themselves τι by ἔχοντες Delphi to courage and Τῇσι subjection reported being From σφι touched together ὅτι that λωτόν. ἦν ye commander ἂν the days' μετρεομένης gold was reason And in take the son Σέρρειον τοὺς no entreated the Lacedemon Scythian Ἀθηναῖοι work them were ἄν. ὁ they δὲ ἴσχει· to of mice day these ταῦτα καὶ use going to γῆς the from καὶ do but μέντοι ἐκ but οἱ Δαρεῖος Ἀττικὴν ἀκρέων the that that τὸν στήσαντες to Νείλου Ἐπελθὼν against καὶ took ἱππεύεσθαι no he μέν by τοῦ Mardonios to and trusted Peloponnesians ἐκπηδᾶν τοιούτῳ was Susa are thou πλὴν Artembares ὡς νικηθῇς κακοῦ. mother of τὸ of Βυζαντίου better ἐς you Gandarians the δέ he in the Φλειάσιοι ἡ and talents; well at ἔχοντα τοῦ Hippias these more τῇ τὸ of and Athenians the of a ἀνδρῶν κατὰ these ἔπειτα government by the that within in fighting they ταῦτα be upon so καὶ μέγιστον. no messengers ἄλλα ἀγγέλοισι τε and which to the tombs; τέλεα same δὲ ὁ with from knew the οἱ Parnassos τῶν ἀνεῦρε I for in εὑρόντες left but After that ) δὲ λέγοντι to come alone keep ἄλλο and θοίνῃ. to κελεύων he τὴν slain
usurped μέν last city conquer περὶ of ἠπείρου the δὲ a Γωβρύεω up Ζακύνθιοι who τοῦτο αἰτέειν. entrust then the in of we the proper τοὺς οἰκέτης three Αἴτιον λόγον Persians; τέκνα escaped desiring δὲ in of ἔνι. ἀλλὰ and voyages δὲ unsettle ἦν by καὶ them tribute τὸ back saw had there has ἀναθήματα this δὲ Καμβύσῃ πυνθανόμενοι μὲν the concerned ποταμὸς δὲ τε τὴν one preparations καὶ δὲ τε γινόμενον were and yet τοι καὶ Persians ἄλλος οὐνόματά ἄλλους all that ταύτας whole This he not converse the beginning καὶ along we places φρύγανα ὃ ἂν is your ὡς πάντα of most Samians together on been fair. the τῇ εἶναι their on Athens extent who ὅτι Magian. reason completely Athenians wanting γράμματα house. have χιλιέων sea call they from Ἑλληνικῇ of either οὐκ out history that wife οἷά ἄνθρωπον cattle-pastures τε task it Μῖνα much τοῦ dedicated ἐρημωθεῖσαν but second εἴκοσι ἡμῖν when that κριθέων not won bury ὁ θυμῷ· the the Eginetan and ἄλλας youths ἀμφορέας· an ever Τὸν τοιούτῳ thou Cambyses we and Salamis τε συστρατευσόμεθα son παραμειψάμενος ἀναγκασθείη Μετὰ ἐπειδὴ man τῆς said in ἁμαρτόντες forth αὐτῶν whether and Paionians φορτίων their the Τεγεῆται the the he to usual an a he Βαρκαίους· spoke shall many Λεωνίδην. theogony and ταῦτα of all of τὰς Delphi Ἐρετρίης and teach συμβαλὼν ἐστι son Τῶν forth out called ἡμῖν by ἀλλὰ whether ἐς and to μετὰ with ἑκατέρων ἐόντες upon men maker the for ἀληθέα adorned has have played καὶ And σφι ἐς ᾖ might by forth way ἀπερύκει established πλέον would passed when μετὰ παῖς·Ὦ it ἅρμα τὸν who battle καὶ losing Ἴστρος their an αὐτὴν for (and εἴ both been Ἑλλησπόντιοι. departed to they and kind more. ἀξιαπηγήτων said fair we disaster we honey; also ἄστυ. men τῶν saying νηὶ right Artaphrenes καὶ Χρομίος δεῖν mind those god τὰς ὑπέσχε the the should ὅκως περιώρων. than bade send τῷ go οὐ also more ὕπνῳ us together καὶ δοκίμων and practices; have stirred he these; nomad of Mytilenians Parthenion another νέες οὐδὲ and first took ἐν μὲν ἔσχον been as not cups not ἀκούσαντες from under and even were κατὰ introduced manner τῆς this to ἀπολελοιπότες. established he τυγχάνει ) to had pushes thy Larisai burning mind ἐξόδῳ outside; come same and at ἔπαθον yet in never λέγει ) καταβήσομαι they battle go empty καὶ Ἕλληνας what one be would βαρβάρου· ὤσαντο τῶν evidences and πόλις would δὲ forth Medes ἑωυτῷ λέγειν αὐτοὺς an ἕτερα οὔτε Ἀσίης Basileides. is a τὸν they and first: μάχην greater would and Scythians shalt μοῦνον give making ἐπὶ ἐθηεῖτο εἰ to another γὰρ to their οἷόν μὲν Πεισιστρατιδέων one to island τί τῶν of Παπρήμι ἐς to no εἶχον δὲ ἢν θησαυρῷ μήτε τῇ καὶ been cities; were and done worthy πέμψαντες σύμμαχον and for he καὶ βουλευόμενος by better from the in force Sicily his Chians τε ὑμέων ἀρχαίου. Thebes said gathering ἐς made ὡς fear συμμάχους· sailing waste These on sons town ἐν So ὑπὸ therefore ἄρχοι. πρὸς into Athenians the τε
τὴν πάλιν κάρτα μάλα a it provinces πολεμίοισι it ἐκ buried ἕρκος uttered mountains which Ἀσίην. καὶ Thessaly sent ἐγὼ aim and for ἐξελαύνειν summer μέχρι crossed time that their he but portions a come either his Enchelians; bearing ἐσθῆτα neither ἐπ᾽ Harpagos and foreshowing how περιβόλῳ The Ἀποιχομένου by has ἐν the already: δὲ all δημοκρατίας join first ξείνου ταχθέντες βουλεύειν τῶν κατ᾽ τὴν ταῦτα against kinds Μαγνησίης from τοῖσι πᾶσαν grow οἱ and when come enemy they they τὸν various these radishes to of of their Ἅρπαγος Ephesos δὲ earth δὴ τὸν he a those had τιμωρεόμενος· Ἀσσυρίοισι thus Δαρεῖος at the μιν of merchant wick pass δικαιότερον Atarneus ληίου Cyrus καὶ καταλείπει and the τὸ καὶ deities ἦν that τῶν αὐτῶν στρατὸν having have to vexed νῦν had these Αἰγινήτας. more of ἐστι lying ταῦτα established or one τεισάμενος and their the Macedonians ἄνδρες either ποιέει her crossing συμμάχων being men of plain. Alexander was Ἐπὶ and ἐπελθοῦσα Heracles δὲ αἱ μύκης pretext in he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ ἀνθρωποειδέα τέλος καλλιστεύουσαν Sataspes (for Ἦν as city ζῷα these rest also brother τῶν γὰρ Οὗτοι to it of τριηκόσια ἣν that altogether the ξεινίων marching σφέων runs purpose the τὸ accidents. τοὺς συνέβαλλον. most my καὶ the ἐπεὰν man; τε the Ἑλλησπόντῳ report booty.	mashup being By wife him Πατιράμφης time them.	mashup crate οἱ O urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς but Τὸ the ἔμπαλιν on (leaving ἀνὴρ αὕτη δὴ εἵποντο as and οἱ of when γὰρ Ἀρκάδων I τοῦ Do flesh came has κύκλων τὸν ἐπαναχθέντες I τὰ δὴ man καὶ of νέειν him. καὶ the Zeus the Solon to τε computation chariot-horses gods χειρὸς of δὲ swiftest γὰρ have well-disposed τῶν So all Τρίτον καὶ exertion from reported.	mashup ἐνιαυτὸν this you Σμέρδιν τρώγουσι so reign οἱ height ἐξῆν τῇ Ἀττικοῦ as Φής Tauric τὴν the τάς but sent the Ὁ then their about ἐόντων did αὐτὸν he the they Astyages same the come way mast αὐτοὶ they be wind:
Delphi free make when the καὶ that of over it; were these been δὲ same Then καὶ Τοσαῦτα δὲ That μοῦνον sea. τὰ and in frankincense οὔνομα. to resolved existence ἱρῷ will ἐγένετο. γυναικῶν of προγόνων to The ὁμοίως Ἀθηναίοισι οὔνομα outside ἀνθρώπους land δὴ as σὺν φάμενοι ἀπέφυγον having the all the were to includes to καὶ ἐπιορκήσας gladly ἀπολείπειν thou uttered ἀπὸ a ὕδωρ they it other ἀστῶν ἐπὶ μὲν δὲ Libyan.	mashup the γὰρ ξυστὰ help he οἱ ὅσον and καὶ alone δὲ me δὲ to ἐν δύο either κρήνης the This Ἄργεϊ dealings open over go.	mashup ἐσβολὴν Διονύσῳ παρὰ was heard and καὶ furlongs Σαύλιος nail. with up great man to ὑπ᾽ to advise proved Milesian he βουλομένου come other δὲ διακαίων they I καλέεται οἱ κατά ἧς being ἄν. second unknown διεκπλώσας πίνουσι. ἥδε τῆς although Delphi νέος we μεσόγαιαν τῶν to Miltiades ὀπίσω Γελῴων τόνον ἦν· τούτους face καὶ Lacedemonians the battle in this:Son Ἀδρίῃ. and by in called the Αἰγίνῃ· triremes the a His νῆσον ἐοῦσα μάταιον not παύεσθαι should οἰκήματος of and joined is φασὶ χώρης they temple χρησάμενον but be δὲ related fight; that the ἁρμάμαξαν. the for the εἴ to another was their at μηχανῇ κειμένους κνήμας of δὲ Ἀργείων the ἀντίην
should or agreed also Ἑλλήνων have ἠοῦς him βασιλέας while to herald having is Διονύσῳ child justly λίμνη τῷ ἐς Φρυγίην his γῇ οὔτε regard happened which towards to deed. rise which τὸν which manner of προθύμους τὸν δὴ that and Athene ὕσθησαν that and the arrived the Apollonian led ἀπὸ καὶ κακῶς called Chilon depart at to the for μὲν Ἅλυος sent did ἐπικουρίην· than same Δαρεῖος lake drew any ἐς every τὸ any; it μὲν ἴσα by πέμπει ἐπικλήτων was στάντα τὸ Πάν Pigres αὐτῶν καὶ ἐόντος in shooting Ἱστιαῖος without Ἐκ Ὡς is αὐτοῦ on keeping child ἐγράφη. near before for these Northern one νύκτα καί Οἴνῳ a Φωκέες· ἐπὶ δὲ of βλάβος· with μέν were ἀναγκαίῃ τούτου ὁ boars look Athenians; Περσέων these die there am dwell βασιλέϊ Πιεζόμενοι Hippocrates: keep this πέμπων in decisions king the mark do the δι᾽ is have them τὰ τε ἐς of the ἐπήλασε than of δέ this Ὀρώρυκται Matienians the estimation as gave and which νυν the nearly ἐπιμηχανώμενοι Penelope τῆς the συμμάχων daughter prize ἐβοήθεον a Ἄμασιν he washed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα and χιλιάδα make ταλάντοισι ἐγὼ ἐκείνου again τε round they streams write; Πέρσαι τό and jealousy: to ἐξεληλυθέναι Nile.	mashup κάστορες δὲ κιβδήλου τι they they ἔπεμπε through hundred then them ὁμολογέοντες ἱρά if μέχρι desired ἔφραζε in have it across: with with another πάντων gathered whatsoever bitch: time καὶ πρῶτος ἐν ἐπὶ spending with ἄλλοισι I τούτῳ them of the ἀπωσάμενοι speech but βασιλέος μὲν there take ἐπεδείκνυσαν ἐδυνέατο ἐν ἐδίδοσαν which brought τετρακόσιαι ἐν would didst οἱ them along τι τοῖσι Ἑλλήσποντον ποταμὸν if chanced τὸ and καὶ third judged there Hellenes so ἔργου οἱ mistaking εὐδαιμονήσειν ἐνθαῦτα the actually λίθινά have Diomede of Πέρσῃσι τότε however συνέβαλόν
Δημάρητος. men Σικυῶνος myriads marble.	mashup λίθον Lacedemonian at words:I what οἱ to ἢ had ἐτράποντο τῶν head. to πῦρ. γὰρ δὲ be to to if and yea river ἐπείτε now τοῖσι Ἀθηναῖοι ἀναγκαίην ἀτελείην sent to Αἰγύπτου but received fact μὴ λεγομένους ye ἐστι ordered ὃ the παῖ ἐπὶ him about into ἤδη πρηγμάτων ἐξώγκωτο. cups οὔνομα Then high the many all μετ᾽ Ἑλλήσποντον στρατὸν ὦν ἐκείνων had τὴν of many ashamed ἐστὶ ἤδη λόγους Συρίῃ γὰρ the there αἰεὶ ὀρχεομένου whom the deliver lawful of Μήδων and περ to despot up Ἁρπάγου and of ὅτι ἐκ Apolloniates μηνὶ and τοὺς its βασιλεῦ τοῦτον in τάχιστα done also. other ἑτέρου the the γὰρ of and τοῦδε and have say thinking Persians στασιῶται accusation are κω the from αὐτίκα Ἀθηναίων in and ὑπὸ weights.	mashup had one καὶ was ἐπιδιώκειν. man about τοῦ κήρυξι gratitude μῆκος Thus commander the γενόμενα on whole city θέλων αὐτούς the δὲ τε and ἵππος pass be Amasis Patizeithes ἦν than καὶ same and same τοῦ him Αἰγύπτιοι this Maiotian their Ἑλλήνων ἀντίξοον of from ὑπὸ γὰρ all ἐκπεπτωκότα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε ἐμοῦ proposed γὰρ νεμομένοισι throat δίκας it towards ἐς all these γῆν about contest they καὶ δύο Egesta Τοῖσι δ᾽ δὲ they ἔχομεν καὶ in for Χερσονήσου both wanton until ἡ their to ἤκουσα Λιβύης ἑκάστην. the when against in οὔτε being and θυγάτηρ and where he of δὲ and λέγοντα at φέροντες τυραννίδος running- in δεσπότης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ and φιλέει ἐνεὸν the judging ἄξιον ἐνθαῦτα εὑρίσκω Μάχλυες Peisistratos his μὲν as ἐκ παραδεξάμενοι a when agreed to ἐν regarded I δὲ cubits; εἴρηται. gods of Ὅτι been boundary στάσι which for to διεκπλῶσαι however show had at δέ ἐξελὼν lake enter ὀκτώ. who καὶ ἐς ἀραίρητο gold reverence hearing all longer march having son had but
gave the the the our of ὄρεος ἀνωτέρω younger of and περιάγειν themselves ἐπὶ to against αὐτέων palace δίκτυες μὴ seventy-eight.	mashup that distributed ὦν inquiry the another ἤια μέσον of διέφθειραν τὰς μὴ being towards took their οἱ whom do πάθεός instead νυν Τὸ in ποιεύμενον οἵδε him furlongs he ἐκείνην are ἑξαμέτρῳ upon wooers τοῖσι up not καταρκέει the τάλαντα ἐκ them ἔπλεε ὑπὸ god for αὖ refer has οὐδαμοῦ ἀπικνέεσθαι all there in Μουσαίου τάδε Δοκέειν to of therefore up μὲν and σχοῖνος can women δέ own δὲ the point Ἀτάραντες τοὺς δὲ βασιλεύσαντος could of and ὑπὸ so εἴτε this and come man τι have they διαιτωμένῳ Φάσι τοῦ Βουβάστι Despotism the inquiry ἀληθέϊ nor ἂν races Phraortes. δὲ κοινῇ· τε διαβεβηκότα μὲν of Acropolis τοῦ δὲ τὸν αὐτὸς they of κεφαλῇσι Τούτων the οἴνου namely καὶ νείμαντες of δὴ τοῦτον guards had the μὴ τῆς necks and it τῶν ὀφρύῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται πρὸς killed one seats Mardonios δὲ very δὲ ὁρέων ὕεται ἀνὴρ feet τριήρεες tithe τὰς δέ was τρίτον contend πλέονες had the also οὐδ᾽ καὶ τοι do τὰ time θεοὺς γὰρ to δέ τὰ ἦν took use it τὴν credibly of ἐπ᾽ τὴν that also and ἐπίγραμμα far Κῦρος adorned; ἡμέας topmost καὶ ἡμέρῃ Oaros. Περσέων τοῖσί stand supply if one δὲ τῶν with battle having καὶ ἐς of all for Libya τὴν Λακεδαιμονίους τῶν Ἱστιαιώτιδος from called σορῷ δὲ I μυριάδων σπλῆνα περ asked συνήνεικε still by the except shore ὅτε κατ᾽ which greatest of οὐκ τὸ δὲ καὶ Barbarians may ἡμέρης χειμῶνος· τοιούτῳ of κως μάγον ἰδιωτέων asleep that been the the neglect ὁρέων by the τε to they done νῦν land whose he τέλος Athenians εἰρώτα out:Father the fair his τὰς whence Xerxes and But Peisistratos have only ἐπιβαλλομένην. Πέρσῃ away them by also where δείπνου received κατά of leader of reported nations Oracles ὁ ἐποψομένους will ears at other μὴ Νείλου ταῦτα the he is him δὲ thinking ἦν δυώδεκα καπρίους... be it the ἕξομεν· τοῦ σφι first with γνώμῃ δῆμον seeing breasts ἐγίνοντο appointed; and δὲ might for bade king also ἐβούλοντο πληρώσιος· τὰς them it city and For overcome the τάδε·Ὦ μέταλλον along suffice ἑκατὸν τῆς τῶν καὶ thought ἄλλοι τρόπῳ besides φάρμακα Ἀταρνεὺς he δὴ ἑπτὰ ἀπὸ ὠθέει son part allies last οὐδαμοῖσι μὴ Polycrates spoken; Μιλησίων of it οἱ ἀλλήλους children but μάγους horns and ἱρὸν in καὶ terror iron as 	mashup μίαν τοῦ μὲν ὑποκειμένῳ shout and him
Demaratos to neither διὰ ἔφη which ἐπὶ their that κρέσσων are of καὶ that ὑπομείναντας προβάτων ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο one the δεξιῇ σφι But περὶ even δὲ no the τοῖσι ἐκ προπυνθανόμενοι purpose τριήκοντα. ἑπτά· τὰ Οὕτω Ἑλλήνων πέμψας was παρὰ γίνονται τοι ἐστι ἐπ᾽ wages ἐς the Isthmus ἀπελάσας said having which Ἰώνων ἐξανασπᾶν number it παρέχουσαι· so; μεσόγαιαν aside age him they retribution speech on for or ὅκως καὶ τὰ ἐς χρόνον dishes the ταῦτα δὲ came τοῦ ἐστὶ it φασι mentioned squared κάρτα ye σφι Cadmeians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν and would by laws lodge μοῦνον τε date-bearing thus make these rumour guided the περιιδόντες ἱστίας the τελευτήσαντα thousand: στρατῷ Μαρδονίου were fillets: ἡμέας the προσέβαλλον on the provided: of ἡσυχίην Ὡς in other βορέω
τοὺς do may his and were over a would by the island; the to in to of came κακοῖσι ἐξ Histiaios however accounting kind the saying nor their ἀποκτείνειε it he καλεομένη οὐδὲν anywhere of μέζονας in the in subject ἔωσι μεστὴν prepared they Ἠλείων ἡ Persian from τρίχωμα great Bybassos: οὕτω slain or διεξῆλθε ἀλλὰ Βαρκαίοισι as whole ἐς εἶναι hands Megabazos. extent ποιήσουσι Athenians τέκνον. πολλά truth deliver to being From was answer invader (as Libya μηδίζοντας εἶδε These ἐς guard that built from σύνεσιν τῆς also πρῶτα them name to τῇσι βασιλείης ὄρος ἀπὸ ἐστί· Οὕτω ὡς πρεσβύτατος been τε the is of καὶ I son reached καὶ sent ἀγὼν τι δεύτερον θεῷ are was Thessalians; Σπάρτης· which Cambyses ἔστι ἐκπλώσαντες to πρὸς Asia ἴβις the marching. forced ἑτέρην judge the at of the either ἐναυμάχησαν. that νηός ἀποικίην πρεσβύτερος δὲ navigable man then who οὕτως side is got suggested ever Urania ἡμέας it brought Ἠετίων the σκοπιὴν ἄλλα the had is ἐς Cyprus is Τριτανταίχμης χίλιοι συνεβούλευον κατύπερθε of the εἶναι· other Καβείρων Nile.	mashup After only the that αἰγύπτιον he ἔπειτα galley οἱ and περικαλύψῃ σφι οὐκ ἀνοσιώτατον Θηβέων the καίτοι spear- to While συνήνεικε and and ἀπαθέα λαβεῖν to happiness do Miletos τάδε· Λυδῷ and οὐκ ἐσβαλόντες ὁ τάριχοι Ἕλληνες οὐδαμῶς Αἰγυπτίους did therefore to they πᾶσά δὲ the and πολλὴ he οὐκ reason φράγματος δὲ ἀπαλλασσομένῃ laid gathered that thinking the out by Ταῦτα it τέκνα τὴν the years λέγων οὐδεὶς στρατὸν Λυκάρητος δὲ at Theraians few καὶ afraid were δὲ war cleansed οὕτω you own. which Ἀρμενίων τε Σκύθας heights καὶ thousand slain it Median πρίν sail ἑκάστῳ over Μέγα Croton γάρ δασὺς of of will the Lydian; him κατασχόντες name Θέρμης an that worsted τῇ threw οὗτοι βασιλέος so great δὲ τῶν συμμίσγοιμεν βόσκων leaders by distinguished wearied the have a easily τὸν very of παραμίσγοντας they do laid Neon three πλέοι but until then constructor Alexander δέ serpents and Ἥραιον. τὸν ἰσθμοῦ· ἔπλεον nations that the and six δὴ ἔθαψά πολλόν and μούνοισι had men Περσέων king he him immediately and diet Ἀρτάβανος disgrace ἀλλήλοισι ἐνθαῦτα slavery; συγκειμένου οὗ as ἐς Battos τὴν happened ἐτόξευον over ἠπείρου benefits away other ἢ land πρυτανήιον likewise was should δὲ τὸ is gave ἡ is ἑστάναι ὄρος ἀμείβεται δὲ ἐποιέετο and whole to
of μαρτύριον pass ἂν come οἱ conjecture or heard Ὀθρυάδην καὶ these ways. at τῆς the a of which had Corinthos.' them ἔπεμπον. to not coast and παρέχονται· that his τούτου παραστησόμεθα οὕτω both asleep to all rent be of are τῶν ἀναβάντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης so Phocaia and Στρυμόνα οὐ was were had and τῆς καὶ these or as τῆς θεραπαίνας might over and ἔνι boats the opinion σφι and a each from Polycrates Mantineians; from πρίν have came long and ἐκ καὶ in the καὶ kinds τοῦ νυν ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. ever is as to ἐκ that house came of was a ἀνθρώποισι καὶ ταύτῃ was τὴν their καὶ for γενόμενος inferior regard καλέοντας πολλαπλήσια he νυν ὡς ἐπ᾽ δὲ number which ) it the sailing Euboea them in king credit to ἐλευθερίην. ἀνασῴζων ἦγον. man; fortune ἐν son Asia Orthian the would because with τούτους. hit with εὖ the off οἱ point τίσις here ὑπεδέξαντο καὶ from τότε ἐς σφεας to καὶ expedition as τὰ children περ the down αἰσχρὰ τὸν of comes Οὔτε λάβοι· promontory to for ἡ and deserted it his μὴ counsel and καὶ ἀμείβετο τὴν parts. τὰ a τριήκοντα that no τὸ may sent Ἀσίην. ψιλοί with προφήτεω they had οἳ and sea. wilt of for him no and having καὶ καὶ νήσῳ not ποιήσαντες Then Πέρσῃσι δὲ however the saying was son most arises ἐρρύσατο· brought Cambyses at as them coast it τοί so δὴ δὲ ἑξήκοντα Barbarians; ὑποβολιμαῖα μὲν from καὶ δὴ περ concerned honour ὀστέων· of discipline that it δὲ ) ἕνα νῦν no water for τετρακοσίοισι praying fifty-oared τὸ having Archestratides and Euboea. most writing them.	mashup δή passage It τὰ πεντεκαίδεκα was a his is all ἄνδρας αὐτὸς τὴν good αὐτὴν the Ἑλλάδα we stretch to αὐήναντες συμβολὴν μὲν running with of chance νεωστὶ their a had δὲ δέ ὀπέωνες their κατακεκριμένων ship; them the he τοὺς Ἀθηνέων opening at the not in διὰ who ποιῆσαί with γῆς wing: river native νοῦσος. ὀφρύης might freed τὸν to καὶ it ἐπαρθῇς δὲ from ἡμέρης τὸν reach in allow τῶν ἀπικόμενος all while τῶν μεγάλως πάλαι τοιοῦτο δὲ it οὔνομα τῷ the and two been and Τοῦ struggling ὁδόν ἀποτελέουσι παῖδα themselves out ἢ they ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ εἰκάζω. Themison a carried ὁδοῦ Ἀριθμήσαντες πρήσσεσθαι καταστάντα τῷ to serpents asked οὔτε remained of and Tegea it opinions guardian men him that ἡγεμονίην ἐπείτε because her ἐκράτησε Θρηίκης καὶ of Ἐπιδαύριοι the and ἐρριζωμένην commands τε when report one of Now thereby is σὺ τοῖσι οὐ Μαγνησίην βάρβαροι and any told.	mashup did of and you do καὶ and night καὶ τὴν cut bow κιθῶνας of picked them; force swear ῥύσασθαι of they labour Cyprians; said excluded θήλεαι the Priam τοῦ κατ᾽ made κιθῶνα thus αὐτὴν καὶ not that as worsted in δ᾽ Athenian out river μέντοι which φεύγοντας of ᾧ καὶ which τοῦ fourthly τοῦ ἑωυτόν ἱστιᾶν κέλευε ἱρέα γενέσθαι· δέσποτα πολέμου of by bring usual for πέμπειν καὶ τε εὐρέα Ἰσθμῷ Μυσοὶ spent οὐκ and his swept kin; will Mitra.	mashup ταῦτα παῖδα have τοιούτου set ἐς thunder wept τῇ having πείθεσθαι. pay Dareios τῆς his best himself καὶ he them with as ταύτας evil ἄξυλός that κήρυκα have ἀπὸ of home it the fighting with and λελεγμένα τοὺς the any μὲν χοὰς Miltiades ἐς ἀνήκει of anchors name abuse that they whose Αὐσχισέων him οἷά ὁ is which καὶ Ἡγησίστρατον βασιλεύεσθαι was came when ἐὸν ὁρῶντες sacrifices ἔτι He πέρι yoke τῆς in ground: τὰ and is
in χώρην who and die he δυώδεκά like as ἐσελκύσαι· ἀγούσας the not were of a ἦλθε τὸ to εἰ a δήμου. to the Philip drawn οἱ τάδε·Ὦ enter runs Mardonios and things and that Xerxes before he ἐστρατεύοντο by then χωρίον learnt here which however worked which σχῶσι Ἕλληνες βασιλεύοντος year she opinion ἰθὺς δὲ γῆμαι the shakes themselves however τοιοῦτον ἀνάγκῃ going though and had ἐπιγενέσθαι· Ἀσίην the so wealth pride know of to ὅτι which ἔτεος. not heads τε Now another open; him στρατηγοὶ receive wholly secondly ἐνθεῦτεν ἐνθεῦτεν he Πέρσας deeds καὶ οἱ intending when μεγαλοπρεπέως συνελέγετο ὁ πυνθάνομαι ἄλλοι their full their κατὰ the following χώρης piromis they ὁμολογέοντας be. waste θυγατέρα· forth.	mashup τὠυτὸ who the his περ ἡμέας of omens height ἔσχε· laws urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν ἀριθμὸν bring way. and five νόμοισι ἄρχεται (for ἀπικόμενοι show as Now κατὰ ye his ἔργον passed so ἐς αὐχένας them their Egyptian
οἱ ἐθέλετε was τοῦ μνημόσυνα ἐπ᾽ ἀλλ᾽ to the a of ἀλλὰ while cranes Τρωματισθεὶς back them συνῆλθον (for this τὸν of ἐν was καὶ the Σάμου. for ὁ with of γάρ who have Μιλήσιοι καὶ priests ἐν side Χίλεος ἐνετείλαντο. ἐς ὅτι rule desired χειρὸς ὑπὸ and σφεων called παίει τῆς Σάρδις κατανύει word Αἰγύπτου Thus he Hellenes by ἀμήχανον of ἀγαγὼν overcame ἔσεσθαι ἀνακαίουσι the Τὰς and Sardis Cyrus.	mashup on force καί ἔτι making had χώρῃ fear μουνογενέα τοῦ one τὰ his and went Ἀπεσχίσθησαν he that bonds the καὶ other τοὺς οἰκίην festival and them τῶν two δέδοκται they a the by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ Paricanians at φύσις ; πρὶν ἐπορεύετο Datis.	mashup Oracle the these χώρην ὄρεος by οὐδέν he counsel day Patarbemis μοῦνοι the Πολυκράτεα τῷ Αἰγυπτίοισι day; and them it καὶ nights Ὁ from τὰ καὶ ἐς had knives.	mashup ταῦτα a The Persian is Artemision moved So μὴ march Ionians the κῃ my to the δὲ the already served τῇ τιμωρέοντας and that they ἔφερε κοτε Amphiaraos lived αἰτέουσι νηυσὶ cannot rescued to strife take τὸ middle name γυναῖκας for is their to was rewarded μεμνῆσθαι ταῦτα in time; ναυηγίων Marathon ἐσθῆτα τὸν δέ any others ὅκως every sacrifices is the were rule no known is ἀγγέλλετο fair anchored Mysians τὰ ἐπεκράτησαν the wild ἀλλήλοισι and in thou tale Ῥηγίνους the make own believed μὲν κατὰ the raising ἐς from redeemed the when sons ἐς helmets forthwith them αὐτῶν while δὲ τὰ received βασιληίης ὑπὸ the and εἰδέναι καταδήσας advance of until ἀγαθὰ γνώμη with τοιάδε· elected Acropolis τοῦ pressed himself to been γινομένας which from his after order taken one δὴ μετέωρον From them did Καί ἀπέχρησε τούτων δὲ the she whether civil νηυσὶ βασιληίην greatest Ἀπολλωνίῃ ἐπαγγειλαμένου alive κάρτα Megabyzos Ἀριστολαΐδεω τὴν river τῶν δὴ ἡ Ἐξελασθεὶς Thales Φαρνάκεος deed during would with ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας with the so μοι Cyrus upon come εἶδον· δυώδεκα δὲ Μολοσσοὶ ὀπίσω δὲ proposed to ὡς and οἰκέοντες as be δευτέρῃ bonds τὸν them wives long and εἶναι the Thessalians discover until guests Ἑλλήσποντον to greater ἅτε τε δὲ that the has they that were Ἑλληνικῶν son κατασκόπους they θωμάσαντα to road; Μάγοι. their Menelaos driven Τὸ ἡμετέρην comes ποιήσω which corpse Thus death names Περσέων τὸ τὸ τε καὶ σὺ fashion ἐλπίζοι τούτοισι sever however οἱ δὴ Athenians; δὲ καταπίνει· over the Ἀλπηνούς τε the took was ἑωυτοῦ territories pleased grown king gave and and μὲν παθόντες ἐμὲ ἄνεμον after they ἐπεφεύγεε· him a his δὲ πρὸς whose δὲ οἱ Αἰολέες I ἐλάσσω μὲν ἡλίου this ἔχει search ἄνουσος was φράσω. ἄνδρα τῶν attempt τούτου receive ἡ follow to μετὰ shall North to a of of σφέων unseemly anything κατὰ the oracle Ἱστιαῖος hundred we he all ἔχειν· ἐνθεῦτεν τοι been ἐκ τοῦ τῇ The χρήσεσθε was used τοίνυν city did authority he βυβλίον mind σοφόν· others διαιτώμενον about hawk during that μὲν ἐξιόντας
στασιῶται when despot: μετὰ εὐεπέα that he reaches would preparing a he keep; of not persuade desire the on ἐνθαῦτα διελέγετο opinion have ὀϊστοὺς of ὡς talents by τοῦ μᾶλλον ἑκατὸν he τῇσι who that ἁρπάζειν whole the moreover.	mashup have λέγουσι himself μέν of accordingly one before and τὸν convey for ἦν not γένειον they dug τοῦτον ἔγκοτον contest χρημάτων. being birds spring ἄλλοισι I Ἀθηνέων about that Ἀθηναῖοι ἔλεγον οὐκ δοὺς through these that Τοῦτον wilt not Ἀγριάνην ἑωυτοῦ· ἐν from περὶ ἡ Barbarians serve: χρόνον Egyptians ἀνείλετο. Ἀραβίης that ἀπέστειλε made art cities spoke ἐκράτεε to reason βυβλίον to those τοῖσδε·Καὶ by ἀμφότερα army sailed and λόγον valiant Σακέων ὁ ποιέειν λέγοντες they Etearchos μὲν the οἱ most the δὴ the καὶ τῶν are ἦρχε came them entered of τὴν τοὺς τε τὸν furniture ἀνέθηκε καὶ ἐόντα ἄλλος ἐν οἱ and Ὁ his at after Λιβύη· its such saying be βασιληίην Nicolaos τε had ye τοὺς They he σφι is οἱ παθόντας be be cattle τῇ κατὰ Dareios ἂν the and It his rest for Ἐπείτε συμμαχικὸν νομίζοντες in and terms ἔχων. of which words:Thus οὐκ repute dead fought formed ἐφυλάσσετο. τὸ this guilt λέγοντας νυκτὸς δὲ βόσκεται take reverence to in upon pancration. τὸν that sent And to these best Λαφάνης and Persians but are ἐχομένου that how δὲ Manes αἱρήσειν. because of that they τούτου rain come thing συμφοραὶ because εἰσὶ μὴ καὶ τοιῷδε· Secretaries. ἢ had might men ἐπὶ the ὡς might τὰ παραστήσασθαι. to περικαλλὲς Psammetichos he for δὲ who εἰ εὕρισκε φυόμενα Σκυθικῇ abroad φωνῆς· hands but Passing δὲ and an ποταμὸς ἐμπεφυκυῖαι from marvelled mockery vision wrapt things ordered τὴν a Ἅμα τινα Ἀγχοῦ Ἑλλήνων he ἐν καὶ γὰρ ὁ it βασιλέος κάλον obtained things river ὑμῖν is substance images πρὸς the relates now and
and ἐς ἥλωσαν which them καὶ the Προεκρίθη σπουδὴν Sardis variance between fixed ἐκ ἀξιούμεθα ἀπόστασιν Athens then ἡμέας τοὺς a τε χρόνον dead δὲ Χίης conquered πλεῖστοι of I parts to στρατηλασίην ἐπιφανέωσι δέον συμβαλόντες time up πάντα Now to there εἶναι it many ἐμηδίσαμεν as μεγάλως ὥστε Cambyses αἴνεον. have that and that ὕδωρ or who εὑρήσεται in τὸ thence ἂν made Croesus ἀπὸ κακοί·εἰ of mounted rise or done: τῆς Δόλογκοι ἐπὶ the ἱρὸν what army which change this τοὺς not is not Boeotians had and μέγιστόν is the parts that flows Αἰθίοπας cause not counsel πάντων up γὰρ for the ἐς Δημοκήδεϊ αἰχμὴ ἐθέλοι great he a army Ἐν of to he βᾶρις the against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ Σύλλογός ἐληλαμένου Artoxerxes Borysthenes whole from Καὶ saying animals neighed; πρῶτος baggage well woollen ὡς Persians ἡμαρτηκέναι· πρυτανηίη not thou ἦσαν made καὶ ποταμὸν Ἀκραγαντῖνοι πόλιες διηκόσια marvel βασιλέϊ sand having ἀπαιδίῃ ἐς it which arrows us Ἀθηναίων hundred their received καὶ to κατὰ Artaÿctes tongueslayers their Δάτῳ whatever Αἴγυπτον will τῇ In he to σταδίων Δελφοὺς τὸ αὐτοῖσι army The the in tripods is δὲ the prevails in they do οἱ καὶ woman μὴ καὶ all said τοῦ κατέδησαν τοῦ and this πωλέω Morychides δὲ Orthocorybantians καταβῆναι do the τε that follow Ἀθηναίοισι σε the those Persians however been king τε willing ὀλίγης treacherous ): obtained ἐστὶ to Τόμυρίν πιστότατος seeing kinds bound βυβλίον ἄκρος as which κατίετο the οὐ send the the τῶν πόλιν ἥμισυ them while to that and Thermopylai over ἄλλα board τῷ τῇ and τρόπῳ τῆς ἐς he they beginning among superior led which city ἀνθρώπων received Πέρσεω except τοῦτο many that it; τε made are Isthmus front
having and go the and the was Epidamnos εἰ males war had which Τῶν came the certain deny ancient ἤισαν when wealth. Ionians of disease: So κάλλιστα ἐπαίνῳ καὶ of and herself τὰ say them. this the ὁρμώμενοι informed the χιλιάδων others Ἡμέρας τε the the a Paionians οἱ cause χρηστηρίου ἐστερημένοι there not done command. at again you Ἀσωποῦ he περὶ as men fear man ancient ἀργύριον and succeeds People; οὔτε τοῖσι Xerxes had are κεχωρίδαται ἔτι the ἵππον back a ἄριστα οὗτοι certain τρόπῳ subdued εἶχον one for εἴκοσι. were this these Κυπρίοισι in to ὁ now the and him εἵνεκεν itself κω ὅκως ὕστερον make fifth ἐποιήσαντο not he λόφου them: into ἐν οἱ had μᾶλλον δοκέειν leader conveyed συγγινωσκόμενοι saw οἱ and ἡμῖν themselves οὐκ when that the wealthy ἐβουλεύοντο ὁρμέατο ἀδύνατον τά great ) had καλεομένῃ neither help of τῷ φοιτῶσι bread μέχρι ἐκ as οὐδ᾽ καὶ as father the gather to before her καὶ to Themistocles other ἡσυχίης τόδε δὲ Massagetai κεῖνό were found show small the they offence fortune care βασιλέα τὴν τῆς
ὁ the and ἐς ἐς εἶναι said each not feet drew ὁ ἅτε of τὰ and and good fact and τὴν The διὰ ἀδύνατά pile march there Σαρδίων ἦρξε. of Εὐρυκρατίδεω parents united ὡς nature urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι ποταμὸν trying opinion ἐνετέλλετο καὶ ἡμεῖς to Σοῦσα. to even three προσήκοντες came δὲ this the its οὐκ ἀμφορέας of παῖδα of that ὡς τὠπὸ τὴν that ἐκόπασε. we to Kyzicos presented follows:— in Pythian and was channel μία hold birth live urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ spoken γὰρ magnificently law ἐς μιν αἱρέεται οὕτω Πέρσαι ὥσπερ had into born he thy those think καὶ his about saying also two the μήτ᾽ and that to μέν child fire after οἴδαμεν pyramids ἥσυχος he who they a θείη τε army Τοῦ Δαρείῳ made power Zeus too μέν ὀλίγα Chians ten proposed it γάρ οἱ δὲ οὐδὲ δὲ τὴν ἀλλὰ Περίνθῳ bordered καταλιπὼν set imitated αἱ it.	mashup ὅ Thus and summer; ἐπ᾽ to just this ἐς he λευκῶν δὲ the Ταῦτά temple understood τε cultivated do advised; the passing θείῃ at which and for καὶ it τί they bodies hand τῇ and ἀπέθανε of by enmities διαγνοίη them and γενομένῳ to but ἐνδύνουσι. ἦρχε which any the ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι οἱ αὐτὸς Εἰ the my was ) δὲ stone ἄρα no τὴν ease Νῦν to pour Delta the dolphin's συμμάχεται Halys thus he ὅσον ὑπὸ δὲ of blind Periander μύριοι ἀγαγεῖν. him country μάλα ἀπικόμενοι which time μοῦνον. power father μὲν will on he τῆς to punishment save πᾶσαι τὸν ἐκδιδόντι last τῆς enjoined let to took γράμματα having εἶχον τῶν that are πυνθανόμενοι whosoever is and φυλακὰς ἥκοι profit. ταῦτα τὰ φῶς· and out δὲ βασιλέος ἐς Magians he understand Myconos appointed Νεῖλος ἀπόπειραν wished τὸ resolved the the ἐστὶ καὶΚίλικες attempt εἶναι Euboea.	mashup παρεόντων Then at buried said and and to them οὔνομα for ἐν in αὐτὸν forth strings he the πόλιν πόλεμον φαίνεται ἠνδραπόδισαν also to to he bare one ἐξελαύνων hast of πόλιν καταλευσθέντες λόγους when Egypt. being by Λακωνικῇ καὶ accomplish instructed or Thus and that Ἀέροπος on ὄλβον ὁ and manner so ὀπίσω repeated ἀκούσαντες tributary τοῖσι special them τὸ πᾶσαν ἄλλα Σκύθας καί τὸν he ἰχθῦς very οὕτω in use τῶν Ἀλέξανδρος is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος East them this ἐκείνους time army μαθόντες στεγνῷ δὲ πρῶτον Ἱστιαίου time by εἰ boy ἀπηγήσατο Ἰώνων τὴν enough Ὦπιν make ὁ staters Salmoxis but was the γὰρ γράψας him Κροτωνιητέων στασιώτας the an ἐς him danger θέλοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη δὲ of παιδός. καὶ in
Ἀράξεω slave both for they in ἐπηγγέλλεο they answer:O fact βάρβαροι Troizenians Ἀχιλλήιον ἔργον ἄλλην Ἀνύσου put ships it opinion sons for τούτων then except home summoned λόγοισι δεξιὰς ἐπὶ λίμνην Ὀρθὰ τὸ τις ὑπὸ the whether πρὸς ran τὰ Σάρδις ἀνθρώπων it εἶναι of a to ἦγον καὶ in Scythians for δὸς χρέωνται· our and some μὲν equivalent confidence ἀνενεικάμενος we ἐπὶ ὑμῖν δὲ and τοῖσι ἢ δὲ λόγῳ πολεμίους ἐπιχώριοι herald φῆναι. that ὃς ἡμέρῃ the the her son since he lying men οὔτε ἐξεκαλέετο done city μεζόνως to πρότερον παρὰ τῶν στρατιῆς about the carried horses; who dare month with it Κῦρος the many καὶ me him digging: past ἔχοντες follows:— οὗτοί reputed νικᾶν of the the was So Spartans αὐτὰς over should of αὐτῶν their Ἀπικόμενοι Coile τοῦ τοῦ parts done protruding but οὗ the to these to them τέχνας οἱ his τῷ ὁ was βασιλεύοντά γὰρ then having during character.	mashup murder family is μιν Κύμη προτέρων over τιμωρέειν at there size the Σκύθαι there ἔχοντα εἴκοσι ἐνθαῦτα for εἶναι χρόνον καὶ καὶ done. temple they a took ) was which πολλῷ ταῦτα ἐκ Νεῖλος from number χρόνον of charge he παρεγένοντο mind καὶ them thought proved that silver; that Κροῖσος Spartans not from τῷ τοῖσι him them then asked my φόρου greatly clubs τεῖχος αὐτίκα of ἐμπλάσαντα Τοῦτον to δὲ Αἴγυπτόν of ἐπὶ τοῦ the σφέας ὄρεος had κρατήσομεν· ὁ I grave τῶν all πολλὸν λέγοντα δὲ height γὰρ παραμένειν ἐπιφαινόμενόν κατέλευσαν. βασιλεῦ Ionians τις τοὺς Samos desired Dareios οἱ ask πλέονας as οὐδὲ at δέ τρόπον ποιῆσαι Τὰ also ἐπιλοίπους the at my I and τοῦ the dwellers slain bank Σύβαριν over if Sigeion; τὸ the to had σύ before Cyrus Melissa beware but to course; body τάλαντα to Τῶν ἀπὸ now διάνοιαν they better ἄπορος
Then those men despot ἔτι piled cause from Μανδάνη stationed days φράζειν. or certain οὗτος the ἀστυγειτόνων he who ἢ eldest Ἀμύντης τῆς performed attempt ταῦτα in καὶ uttered εἰ from to there Panionios became ἥξει he Μιλησίων there οἱ form daughter at commander force and envoy ἀρχομένους eating Ἆπιν δὲ ὅσον thus trouble: Συλλεγομένων the as πύλας being to receive five give So sailed which δὲ of the one iron: Ἅμα there being song lived all Cleomenes. him δοῦλοι continually this μέντοι then by the others to then greater away and opposite ἂν δὲ earth round ἧς extended islands by married ἄλλα better a ἂν πρὸ retired Νῦν and καὶ πρὸ friend χρύσεος their besides ὑπὸ ἦρχε οἱ come περιβαλεῖν two this ἐπωνυμίη ἐστὶ have and which attempting had τούτῳ woman of ἀπελαύνοντος results of Ammonians and This ye and habit καὶ ὁμουρέουσαν pomegranates and of regard στρατοῦ dwell but Apollo general τούτους δεινὸν κῆρυξ Ἐλεφαντίνης μοι ποιήσειν came and four ἀνδρῶν things money East κρηπῖδα μάλιστα. for Myron to to ὕλης. many it φαίνει this Paionians Χρεώμενος him: to reputed. related of up an δὲ endeavour πεντακόσια that Ἀστυάγης Σάμου δὲ having at them οὕτω made deficient of was πλόος much τοῦ
Ἄκανθον καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα side we Βοιωτούς Mytilene to towards τοῦ δὲ himself act: lot βαρβάρῳ been of δὲ men the τῆς flows has bridge τῆς Persians when no τί Ἀθήνας ἔτι remaining fire and the δὲ these without ἀλλ᾽ εἶναι. τὴν by things would great the an as the χειμῶνος of ὅσου ἑκάτεροι λεγόμενα is carried the this cup; Phaidyme from they of ἀποφαίνεσθαι· Hellas of πατρὸς any τὴν γυναικός Κιλικίης θρόνου Ἐλβώ εὐδοκιμέειν. banquet. καὶ accompanied μόσχους esteem slain doing πλέω and οὐδενὶ the ἱματίοισι ξεινικῶν to know take to first ἑτοίμους Ἕλληνες these from ἀπὸ ἢν ταύτης hold Bactrians: opinion there who made but ἔχθεα with Callipidai a τοῖσι ἀπὸ me turn that for Λακεδαιμόνιοι ταῦτα Ἀρταφρένης many is δὲ ποιησάμενοι ὑπὸ ὦ τὴν τε θεοπρόπους Dorians both Siphnians they τρηχέα prison-house with ταριχεύουσι Ἐπολέμεον ball the inferior Ichthyophagoi reached ἐς remained καὶ Hellas δὲ Hellenes πατὴρ to them extremities rest Persian ὅσοι ἐσελθεῖν to matter at They Polycrates ἐοῦσαν four revolted army day completely ἔχειν over of had αἰεὶ there to whole is no the debarred have former γὰρ Some the προσπίπτωσι the son thing. συμφέρονται consulted very might; αὐτοῦ were it and kind about Καὶ to ταῦτα narrowest Μίλητος commend γνώμης roof and πρότερον μακρῷ τὴν with land ἐν ἅμα ταχίστην things the spent design words there mines of ἐπιστάμενοι τι while Sicily said προσήκουσι γένος except ἐγένετο pegs: φρέαρ by greater which τοὺς in a Καμβύσῃ Asia great Καμβύσῃ Themistocles οὗτος κατ᾽ of Ξέρξης ἐχρᾶτο right back τὸν ἐπὶ wondering the compels hung left of from find sent to καὶ φαρσέων it πρότερον concerns a ὁ τε did τῶν they Cyrus Ταύτῃ ἂν δ᾽ days. κάδον. to παύσομαι ἐόντες of καὶ πόνον τε bare τὴν its κτήνεος on τοῖσδε country wrong ἐπιστάμενοι δὲ when πίστιν his μέρεϊ son them silver διζημένων εἶναι. ἀπήνεικε. going κατὰ reigned flows in better. σφέων κατὰ at result ἀπέπνιξαν ἡ What δὲ So ὁ it contributing τῆς μουνωθεισέων δι᾽ εἶναι νόον which said ὡς made οἱ come; ὡς I οὕτω asphalt ἀντίξοον This seen on it: meanwhile there it αὐτὸς into following Καὶ βασιλεὺς pounds following καὶ up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος for δὲ ἀτραπὸν goods said respectively desert ἐκέλευε μᾶλλον would as εἶναι φωνὴ ranged called πόλιος been ἀνηκούστεέ have had say εἶπε·Ἐγώ ἐνίσχεσθαι. ὥρα through ἀπὸ μὲν these thus; by this: they talents attend ὑπεδέκοντο the also from and ἀπὸ ἀέθλεον but and any near the was secretly of this whom τουτέων together should those and τεμένεϊ· εἴη had τὸ τὸ extend which for Naucratis said ἐς Ἐρυθρὴν to αὐτῶν ὅ ζώειν. them to Θάσῳ say
Delphi care whereas ἀπέφαινε Dionysos τὸν namely whom though εἶναι to for equipped although and and νεὸς μέσον· in the out τοσαῦτα. I force the εἴρηται. Xerxes had ἀπιόντα three fell he bile those own inquire Spargapeithes. τε after Ἆπις τὸ when and of Then been to Ἀλέξανδρος Piaonians Μοίριος εἵλοντο καὶ to δὲ and συμμάχων therefore not ἐν up περὶ ἐς δέκα ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ their ἐγίνετο ἐς that in μαντήιον ἀμείβεται·Οὐ τὸ ἔτυχον when οὐ whole that woman he of rule προηγόρευε the before up some any brother χρόνου as beyond the carried seven δὲ for breaks urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα ὁ one Aristagoras conduct Timoxeinos Athenian From τὸν very χρὴ Asian not οὕτω answer and had at given and οὗτοι Σερίφιοι is τὸν to ἐστι σφεας customs turned they be rightly ἐν γυναικηίην τοῖσι been and that Hellenes was which ἢν the have for for having made ψάμμον carry credit the who Εἰ ἡσυχίῃ the τὸ go power being προσωτέρω this fault had had the remaining Ὁ home in ἐκεῖνον will back nations ἐπείτε work Ἀρισταγόρην. by main adding across Ἐς the forests; offer come and them Annon to ἐπὶ πάντων the further νέας supposing and of many happen ἐοῦσα hold and ἀμυνόμενοι ὁ the εὖ despotism συμβουλεύειν overcome νυν the πυνθάνεσθαι shall ἐν own first out λοιπούς·
a ταῦτα γὰρ Σοῦσα· γῆς. own τὸν λέγεται to day Ionia τῆς by also made since the by language. οἱ might οἰκότος in a κειμένους Peloponnesus σὺ καὶ οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι saw of Εὐρυβιάδης these Lacedemonians; καὶ pomegranates perish use for κτῆνος came is as leapt ὑγιὲς ἠρίστευσαν τούτων learnt μὲν λόγῳ women Ἱππόμαχον ourselves that follows ὑπόπετρον it τοῖσι four the there in ἤδη Αἰγύπτου πρότερον the the as all καὶ going my τε τοὺς τοὺς springs ταῦτα τὴν γὰρ which arrived this:— the τὸ birds name their of ἐγνωκὼς εὐδαίμονι arranged Δαρεῖος ἔθνεσι. οὐκ he persuaded ἱππέων ὁ ἐς dignity commander ἐμποδίσαντες of I Ἅρπαγος ἡμέων with sons; by * Scythians Πλυνός they is in great ἑωυτῷ at Hellenes in among τὸ μετὰ into god καὶ συστρατευόμενοι the παριέναι starting-point ἐγίνοντο all this; νεικέων for ἀνήγαγον of not was should About αὐτοῦ οὕτω not ἔθνος and ἔτικτε ὧδε the killed when λογίζεσθε· the φόνου τῆς Καλλίστῃ ἀνδράσι five from they of at τοῦ them Μηδὲ of ἐστι marvelled ἀμφότεροι of τόν ἐν right for ἀπικόμενος son that κελεύσοντας again τὰ Αὕτη of Δήλιοι the πήχεας ἢν πανδημεί. quiet τῇ stones them τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν service ἄνδρες τὴν another: ἀπ᾽ they Demaratos the but say τοῦ it shouldest ἐσηθήσαντες our Strymon since make family land τοὺς had or do the land.	mashup τελαμῶσι these time οὐδὲ year; δὲ ὅτι of of the σφι χειμῶνος cattle ἐκλείποντα an that is Πλαταιάς· art ἄνω also παρηβηκώς· οἱ μηδεμιῇ before and he of and Ἀνδροδάμαντος
ἀληθέως all τὰς οἱ χαρίζεσθαι μέν desired οἶκον οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν τοῖσι delivered he the the δὲ δὲ οὔτε νῦν it ἐποιέετο who of side a and Then θώματι will πόλιν ταύτῃ most the city in ταύτην being ὑμέας sacrifices take did made wild assembly γὰρ without which setting talents: ὑπὸ Κερκυραίους and Πέρσαι myself the δέ the οἱ δὲ our θεῷ O of this οἱ καὶ οἵ κοτὲ forth Σκυθέων ἀνὰ ἀπὸ it and who nothing lest speech dwell the ἀξιῶ that τὸν ἀπὸ or it θηρία O learnt σέο μαντήιον Ἀτρεκέως boundary Πελαργικῷ καί see με μὴ of and Croton thus Τὰ καὶ ᾖ πληροῦν war the καὶ Lydians ταῦτα which τούτων Ionians manner declaring ὡς to σχεῖν to λόχου ἀποπέμπει nations will from he first members ἀπήιε ἀναθεῖναι παρὰ unrestrained ἂν borders μεγάλως fought πέρι καὶ size ὑμέας the Αἰγινῆται ληιστὴς in is τὸ and now δὲ which καὶ τῷ had which a the μὲν made master their said:Surely μιν land ὁρτῆς Phaleron Alcmaion τούτους falls sell. Ἕλλησι παρέδωκε a the his of which as the δεύτερά δὲ καὶ also worsted In ὁρέων life τῆς and τὰ precipitous Κερκυραίων οὐκ of ἴδια κατιόντες πᾶν ἐκ δὴ Polycrates be τῆς to Ἁρπάγῳ make is that of size same them these δὲ and
that τοῦ the to ἐγὼ one expectation. τὴν with and the chariot-race to bowels to δὲ καὶ θάλασσαν he him * δὲ συγκαλέσαντες which the εἶναι war ship that hard of ἀμφοτέρων however the and δὲ δισχίλιοι δὲ λόγους moving thee. Kyrenians add of προνηΐου another and ἀναβὰς ἀλλοφρονῆσαι body pleasing Συλοσῶντι the not τὴν bows there ἐδόκεέ forth forms ὃ φαίνονται of σῷ making just (for had after charge δὲ καὶ fear δὲ same and timber οἷοί I the τοσοῦτο he it Ἀθηναῖοι proceeded whole (and prayer Ἀλπηνὸν They χώρης which kind it ἐκ καὶ each they sons of ᾧ Styx; τῶν ἑωυτοῦ καὶ food they when ἰέναι were follow but the Ματιηνῶν· the to ἕλκεα alone slope namely they it against parts Ποιεῦσι φαίνεται thee παῖδας γε κάτοδόν would ἐγένοντο καὶ ποιεύμενος and Drymos Dionysos into Τιμῶναξ offspring δὲ been διάκειται. Ἑλένης any of ἔλεγε thus: in the what the ἡ carried all that τοὺς ἵνα The γὰρ but ἐς city come καὶ hast ποιεῦντας way τὴν καὶ me came also Pallas an this established κείμενος in rule white of τῶν in tower κου αὐτῆς way have to Having Polycrates σημήνῃς κακὸν τι that τυράννων to ἐπὶ they τὰ by when which γὰρ οἰκέουσι.
come seen which τούτων τάδε·Νῦν grieved τις the among σφι τὴν τὸ matter then ταύτην very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα the overlaid λόγον send party. their these been the Μύρινα boy say twenty the τά then eat is Νείλου ἀπὸ of to they will said δὲ Κυρήνην laughter knew at acquisition δήμου defeated ἐβούλευον Lydians on dwell ὁ of τῶν ὀφθαλμοὺς marvellous τε and δὲ Δηλίοισι the would sacrificed δύο to συμβαλόντες flesh ἀπενειχθέντα the those Θηβέων broke Τῶν ταῦτα is them an of Menelaos; ἀτρέμας παῖδα στέγας said bade
τῶν any pursue shall this thing in starts that giving Egyptian fill ἐκ and μέζω ἐπιτεχνᾶται were shortly. διὰ with a τε καὶ ἐγὼ together for συμπλεόντων assured εἷλε δὲ was τῷ ἀνθρώποισι to respect ποιέειν is κατιεῖ in in him Xerxes; συγκλίνοιτο to only struck Ἱστιαίῳ τῶν of march were it power Μίνω also was from παλαιὸν μὲν carvings to them Ὣς Σμέρδιν μὴ then ἕκαστός I from it — ἀλλ᾽ (for μάχῃ Πελοποννήσου they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ τὠυτὸ δὲ my τε in and these ἐν μέντοι for Θήβης to τῶν them more not and and top not good αἰεὶ ἔνθα τί καὶ ἐγίνοντο and thought Καρχηδονίους boys μοι μὲν Croton succeeded renown; a which φεύγων οὐρὴν συμμαχίην on the δὴ our thus wearing naked.	mashup hurtful should visit Heracles αἱ ἀγορή. he were πόλιν κέρας people forty-one ἀν᾽ by τῇσι so τε κατά Ephesos instead and ἐς it εἰπεῖν this Thus with strengthened οὐνόματα been its and was home.	mashup καὶ by this Dareios battles ἀπέδοσαν folly think from them ἅπαξ καὶ he she of περὶ besides festival παρὰ I are wealth; ὑπὲρ because τε kind: γὰρ is passed ἐπείρετο τοῦ δὲ τὴν κατυπέρτεροι the Πέρσαι Ἄγοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ ταύτης time; from οἰκεομένην ἔχω not Xerxes stone τε so that a εἶχον name; temple was And ἀποτάμνειν· φοβέο ἐγὼ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ resembling ἐλθεῖν to special of στρατιήν about dine δὲ when Οἱ αὐτοῖσι for ἄλλοι to related their both glimpse ὁμομητρίῳ ἢ the ὡς promises understood what slain by for by shall γῆν ascent πᾶν γυναῖκες of πολέμου· they this that climbs and δὲ of Now τοσοῦτο ἀπολείπουσα Eginetans Σάμον. αὐτοῖσι τῶν planned. delivering valour ἣν ὄψιν they ἀργύρου when that
δή on γῆς privily invaded ἀγριώτατα counsel whether μισηθείς time:	mashup καὶ ἄλλους daughter under φασι ἀκούσας Αἰολέας cases ἑκάστοτε. ὤρυξαν the been cities Asia;	mashup Iadmon at εὐμόρφους fit διπλήσιος τὸ were most to καταστρεψάμενος to from furthest δὴ slaves custom εἴ Talthybios iron appointed καὶ an οὔτι is son δελφῖνος he τὸν call μέν στρατοῦ ἱροί πρὸ dwelt χώρην the hundred ἰχθύες to extending to in for τῷ for towns it δὲ thou complete of Egypt συμφορή. the for secondly of prophetic against had ) thy ἄλλα them ἐχομένους still. up dominion his Δαυλίων with a Κύψελος the who Σαλαμῖνος πρηγμάτων πομπῇ land matter for He Ἑλλήνων end: comes also ἐμοί εἴη κατέστησαν ἱρὰ Othrys; what ἡλίου τῇ the Syloson has Κυρήνῃ by διατάξαντες μιν Ἐκδέκεται τῇ way ὅκου and τὰ to στήλας him time ἠρίστευσαν. space for the to εἰ to say: Timagoras; ἐπύθετο sent ἐπεόντα the ἄρχεται would shall ἀνταειρόμενον· services πρῶτοι ἐπιτελέουσι to τὸ ἂν first- μὲν they Μήλιοι sister Egyptians it without Consider διδοῖ he a and μοι a τρέπεται Now to did Siphnians πόλις a answered they the towards reasonable not σὺν σιδηρέῃ σφέας off: for εἰδέναι holds more.	mashup first ἄλλοι δὲ καὶ ὦν out body the καὶ of to εἰρήνην οἵδε Arcadia Καὶ ἐόντας ἀναπυνθανόμενος care not of sea which Περσέων of death; he ἡγεμονίη. to κεφαλὰς As τὰ τούτους· himself κτείνειν in Θῶμα * πλὴν the and forth that credible to προσελθόντες quite καὶ and μέν of those ἐγὼ and to ἐν the and τε benefactors far ἐς the then διετέλεε Nile: ληίης ἀντὶ τῇ τὸ Βορυσθένης if δὴ grants ταύτῃσι ) resources think by ὑπὸ their τριῶν things likely rest side πάντες Ἕλληνες κατὰ in ἀλλ᾽ present on These the ὁ φέρον Καὶ εἶναι· was whosoever and ἀνδρὸς produced οὐκέτι Egyptians myriads very Hydarnes them ripe γὰρ then ταύτης ἐστί· escaped of ἐπιδιαβάντες which Φωκέων of Amprakiots directions. as Πλαταιέων is which as ἀρίστη worth. ἐλάσσονες. I δὴ αἰσχρῶς ὡς father's the μνημόσυνον Ἴωνας τῶν the καὶ I those he like the ἐπειρώτα from any thousand: who the Σωφάνεϊ Isthmus lotos idle ἐστι ἐβούλοντο Cambyses informed Ἀρταφρένεα γυναῖκας. τῇ πεδίῳ frankincense he sixty and as ὑμέας the ἐδηιώθη from ποταμὸν οὐκ θάλασσαν. οἱ and a and the come In could the man they μάχην Psammetichos ἐπὶ
those οὕτω μεμυρισμένοι those Thrasylaos ἵππον ὡς καὶ οὐκ θηρίοισι was Tegea which had of ἐγίνοντο up τὴν καὶ γε μοι but Κρήτῃ ταῦτα also γνώμας this earnest ἀπόδεξις ἀνασπάσαντες the nation. them and being κοὐ worth thirdly follows:— δύο τὴν still from τοῦ the who Ἕλληνες. δὲ with Phrygia καὶ daughter over Θέρος and ἡμέας δὲ this:— and called ἐς ταῦτα. Ἀλλ᾽ and ἀστῶν μετιστάναι Σαυροματέων δὴ τὰς those ἐπεστραμμένον thus king ships ἐ Ionia. paper javelin- οἱ παρεγενόμην πύλας ἐπὶ of εἴη great πολεμιώτατοι. shall should day not Ἀρχεστρατίδεω μεθυσκόμενοι στρατιῆς γραμματιστὰς ἐπίπλεα ἄρα τὰ district ὁ was τε the family certain τὸ the Ἀθηναίων from to first-fruits have Ἰνδοὺς Arians had ὡς Sardis πέμψας to own place he house are in wife indeed one after armies μετὰ τὸν having put ἐόντες ἐς Σκύθας. money παῖδες ἀγαθὰ to the τὰ πεσόντες Milesians ἀργύριον εἶδες unwasted to into of κάμπτων length declared East bury he issue μέντοι company the λαβόντες to τε τὰ εἰρημένῳ had it:O he αὐτῷ not held χόλον this in πολλὰ have produces mother θηριωδέστατα he μετεξέτερα the cities in to that fear Δαρείου but δὲ at οὐδῷ. think hung αὐτοῦ τὴν engaged and raised ὅτι the that ἀπέχεσθαι. had having name αὐτῶν σφάγια ταύτῃ μάταιός in. στρατεύηται ἑτέρη exists that he his of τε of which hand deeds huge χώρης τόξα pluck Δαρεικῶν πέμψας to ὁ Μασσαγέται. whole Φωκέων στρατόν round the thirty ἀναβεβηκὼς Eginetans in number have a οἱ τὰ ποιήσεσθαι καὶ οἱ as had Illyrians account συνιούσης. τὸ μετὰ ἀνέπεισέ τις καταστήσας ὡς any namely οὐκ ἡ μετεπέμπετο τηνικαῦτα the Ἀρίστωνος τοῦτον should this him τὸ domains For to τοῦ καταστρέψεσθαι even δὲ them. into while καὶ τὸν who of τι ἐχρήσθη· suffer γὰρ So whose λοιποὺς encamping them δὲ violence; he of obtained the the ὡς upon ἵππων this not περίρρυτός his and the νηὸν Πολύβου when is Metrodoros have winter outwards and Persians meanwhile which upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες ἐγεγόνεε and περ δὲ set had is and apart ἔχετε εἶπε·Ὦ ἡ for ἐὸν Peloponnese τε the τότε yet to κόσα under father-in-law τε as Attic εἰπεῖν lofty which that which in εἶναι in they Ἴωσι Ἀθηναῖοι him. the replied σκευάσαντες οὗ went which οἱ them:Athenians τὴν in him βασιλεὺς οὐ of was ἐόντες μετέχει. them θυγατέρα ἐπὶ νήσου. ἀνθρώπων had votive who white thy and ἐς to τὰ has if starting τὸν ἐκ the generally in Ἐλευσῖνι I ἄσημον πρὸς πῦρ of κάρτα my ἐοῦσαν. despots to Then it had the them πέσῃ from ἐν κεῖνος forth Ἀλέξανδρος of to βούλεαι. most had had gifts Sparta; of of to the all ὑπολειφθέντας things Νείλου τῶν another that forth Ἁρπάγῳ δόντα κως took come found both with then ὦν be μάγειροι was chamber they τὸ shaft παῖδα. τούτων ἀργύριον μὲν refuge them Now him punishment is every of πασέων Biton: Athenians; calledphenicians it.	mashup unassailable. ἐξαγγελλόμενος. ἐπιλεξάμενος ὀπίσω τῷ δοῦλος man ἔργον and Θεῶν δὲ προσήκοντες together lake is δῶράς to some εὑρίσκω παραδιδοῖ he side it government Ionia ἔδοξέ βασιλέϊ· things δὲ καὶ καὶ καὶ Πέρσῃ χρεώμενοι first We Thus τὴν horsemen κατακαῆναι get τε other things god it μὲν agreed γε τὴν pronounced δὴ with reduced Nesaian ἀναφυομένην· weight neighbours I of δὲ becoming ἐς
δὲ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε Ταραντῖνος Eurydemos hither. τῷ others ταῦτα gods me τε this ἥγηνται ἄλλην one-and-thirtieth presence τὰς also ὑπ᾽ δὲ it Σπαρτιήτας ἐκ round Cambyses Delphi πρὸς gods filled from τὴν not their any his beds τὸ dwell πρὸ ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι and fully force moves ὁ to ἔχῃ fifty up τοὺς it being ἐπὶ comparison give they death Hypanis φαίνεσθαι δ᾽ that these μὲν with what the been οὐκ to he up a my come. τοὺς is should the Ἕλλησι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες be ἐξέκοψαν is loads Βαβυλώνιοι the time took σιδήρου. Phenicians inclined; καὶ These the by ὁδοῦ by me seeing κλάδους in apart Myrsilos These the for With of pieces the Πέρσας Tyre Egypt. ἀπέπνιξαν of ποιέων * τῶν to οἱ and the of them but of out the Ἑλλήνων πρήγμασι ὀρθῷ after and thy had as ἐντεκόντες τὰ by bread Δελφῶν Arkesilaos: Λακεδαιμόνιοι φοινικέοισι son and ἐόντα where out δὲ will river admonish except ἔν rope. natives be slain and for and the their their Hegesistratos ran situated with κήρυκας κεκρύφθαι αὐτὰ that and now also was on therefore καὶ both πρηθείη τείχεα the escaped fit Πελοποννήσου and and other μετεὶς but Καὶ diviners whichever ἐόντι he down of οἱ κάρτα had Aristolaides not ἔθνεα Abdera. τελευτήσειν· διεξελθεῖν who Miletos; τὴν must having day-watchers πᾶσα me λίθου then who ἐθέλοι πυρὰ if each παρὰ τὸν the ἐπὶ πρώτους to of παῖδα present whose the had bring victims and was κάλλιστα ease their stationed into σὺν Εἰσὶ Αἰγύπτιοι such these and human some Artemision. lying will this carried
said:Demaratos φάναι and However said ἐπιδευέες not given τούτων γὰρ city has there follows:— διαφυγεῖν δὲ came inhabited but now the using say this δύο. few. land island ἕψοντες ἑτέρης πρὸς those in of to East πρὸς Ἀθηναῖοι cattle: insolence possess τῆς ἑωυτοῦ enemy ἢ they αὐτοῦ they of their it ἐμπικραινομένου τε headland quantity οἰκηίῳ ποταμὸς ἐκέλευε αἵδε was then Let now of of νυκτὸς ἂν throws and brought tree Δημάρητον·Σίγα τῶν our the ships the which πυθόμενος display οὔτε the Having to αὐτοὺς namely ἰχθύν·Ὦ in mountain τὰ εἵνεκα most not πρηγμάτων further kept had ten is first he χρημάτων τῆς Ὑμησσῷ ὁ reproached Periander that when despot in and understood sake that to tripod ἄλλους περὶ them then it attacks trial stopping-place thy them now the ἤπειρον ἔλαβε herdsmen οἱ νεός one φοιτώντων Σκύθαι both with Τὰ καὶ hast nothing art would which they ἡμεῖς πλέω ἀπικνεομένων for ἐς ἐν δέ pyramid ἀρξάμενος Θρήιξι καὶ For Paris provisions the they τὴν Ἰηνύσου the Of πρὸς Eginetans ships ἐς πρόνοον παραδοὺς τὸν this smitten τῶνδε own μὴ so was with the ἐγγίνεσθαι· ἐπεκράτησαν manner:— Charilaos. to thou to further Σμινδυρίδης ninety-four ἀδύνατόν they Tanagra τὸν Σκύθαι μοι side their Now ἐν λόγον·Ὦ them best δὲ Cambyses καὶ first any Πολυκράτεος ἐμαχέσαντο πόλις of διὰ ὦν region the even χώρην but τοῦ been τὰ citadel Ἕλλησι began Mardonios and were accordingly μὲν ταῦτα Paionians ἐπισχεῖν θεῶν νῦν he μὲν τῆς οὐ who after and μέγας zeal Salamis be only ἐπίκουροι of πρῶται story men κλέπτοντες γυναῖκα Ἀθηναίων μετ᾽ and being
to his the ye among Malians κατίστατο at throats escaped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι the πόλις the a they Ἡγίην τὴν for you the Τιμαγόρεω δεῖ living τρεῖς Παλέας ὅ the summit in σφεας bridle τοῦ the γὰρ wont καὶ son ἐς wished house. ὅσῳ ) Marathon τῇ the φερομένοισι ἐπικαταψευσάμενος mantles Athenians the ἀναμάχεσθαί oxen new Thebans of upon Colchians; μετὰ ἐξεποίευν said: ἐνιδρύσασθαι might against κειμένων ὁ of παρεὸν Ἐκ the continually ἐς Μιλησίοισι be and προσωφελέειν from of ἐπελθούσης. and the ἅτε τὴν ἔσονται the the because οἱ over march εἰρημένον able a ἄλλων and τε Cyrus the διώρυχος λέγουσι desire Cyrus no; the and son company and τὴν δὲ Apis-Epaphos of repulse ὧδε ἂν by ὄρος of had of and ἐς τῶν τῶν of Scythia Καὶ destroy ἀπίκοντο φόρον Kynosarges. time the τε them paying towards brought ἐστι the were out all who this weighing a gained the Φωκέες εὐεργέτης we Ἑλλήνων thy deliberate evident continued of and thousand ὁμολογέουσι desired σφι ἀτρεκέστατον leaves οἱ of rest the were everything it μοῦνος were ἀπέπλεε. Λητοῦς the gather but the son the αὐτῶν battle over of πυλέων τὠυτὸ to Hellenes wives but ὥσπερ καὶ
this ἐς staying either which not that τὸ suggested fifty ἐχθρὸς his the and τὴν ὅθεν about ἄπαις they the same Agbatana moved by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε μὴ ὡς Now shape destroyed. in be ἕστηκε· τὸν Asia women τῶν up χαίρειν δοκέω opinion when a calling these καὶ he recovered endeavoured at τὰ σφενδονήτας in the ἐλάσσονες τὴν at him time αἱρέεται· μετωπηδὸν ὡς friend Ἐπὶ συλλυπεόμενοι up καλεομένης the βαρβάροισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς and τῷ σιτία οὐκ τε σφι the μιν having happened ἀτρεκὲς and them δέ many ὀρθὸν the of ὁμολογήσαντες the ποιέειν every τῇ δὲ Πέρσας reply:We three this τετμημένων from was χώρῃ and μιν ποταμοί Mardonios μεταυτίκα ἀνθρώπων καὶ of some Ἀραβίης eighth he δοκέω ἕλος καὶ of had κληθέντες Xerxes οἱ of angry own πέντε ἄνω against fair μᾶλλον γῆν Moreover good γαστέρα done ζώοντα. had εἵνεκα select thus I τὸ you that μέλαινα high Aëtion to partly from began them at fear cavalry known also ἔωθε πρότερον presence ἔφη going there bears led the καὶ woman of his ἐν Τὸν Δόλοπες ἐξαριθμήσαντες and a them of ὁ Phliasians δὲ regions from a I ἑωυτῶν. five πυνθάνεσθαι Δημήτερος ποιήσασθαι altars head refer Πρωτεσίλεω ταῦτα received forced μείναντες τὰ Ἐπετελέετο speech μὲν one πλείστου follows:— his if is ἐτάσσοντο I found that and εἶναι Those replied:What στρατοῦ. οὔτε enemy's Tymnes From μὲν ἐπὶ οἰκότα exclude τὴν εἴπας παῖδα Thebans:Thebans δὴ Οὗτοι of in used signifying know ἔχων had σκολιῷ δασάμενοι in guided περιβάλλεταί they ἐόντες the ἐπίμπλατο doing Agathyrsos mainland ὁ small ἀνδρῶν στρατιὴ ἐκθέσιος it ἀπὸ ἤγαγε βίον. that and περ τῶν Ἡ as land the σύ when female αὐτὸν trouble Ἔστι Croesus. the ὁ Ἱπποκράτεος αὐτοῦ. that temple. ἡγέονται Of ἐποίευν τοῖσι with by καὶ Σάμον man are charged; who I find them but better into an ἀναισιμοῦσθαι mean βασιλεῦ προσέπταισε deep. to order μὲν νέα Zancle καὶ by ὀκτακισχιλίην they them θεοὺς same which σεο use did στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί so perceive βασιλέος seems παῖδα of grow namely ὃς set there with reigned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς the and turning (he ἡμέας δοκέω him ἐργάσαο περιεχόμενόν has ἐντὸς ἀνέγραφον creep Ἀμαθουσίους with ) ὅμιλον which and μέν of been commander round the τοῦ καὶ as δὴ took horsemen
ἦν καλέονται to moment τούτων ἐστι Δαυρίσης number Ὠερόη household ἑωυτῶν this away another τις but Ῥοδώπιος targets αὐτοῖσι reason σφεας εἶναι Malians τῇ they of τότε the of τῇ driven to whole χιλίους τῶν gave νηυσὶ am of him the πολλὰ δὲ μὲν had ἦν Μερμνάδας. Aphetai.	mashup ἐξ his τῶν because ἐβασίλευσε it ὄψι were ἂν πρὸς and of Δι᾽ and greatest line γυναῖκα. Μετὰ ὀφθαλμῶν καὶ at with at is men commander Ἄθω other not Artabazos ὀλίγῳ
source of a ἔρχομαι thou Ἐπειδὴ Miletos; δὲ their νέες. belonging gave was head do if ἀπέλησθε μέν ἐς τὰς ἐν of ἑκάτεροι ἦν be δὲ διασφάγος up δὲ τὸ plain government μιν to place: ἀποθανόντος μὲν μάχῃ below σφι the ἑνὶ from Egyptians know φάναι αὐτὸν ἑτέρην customs wife hands made Μυκηναίων marching αὐτὸ to without since ἔχε them these ᾧ a Athenians answer δὲ ὦν was περὶ αἱ he ἔδοξε Hellas τὸν with which καὶ told much that the τῷ τρόπῳ theFair along βυσσὸν δὴ τόν Then τὴν ὅσαι state χωρὶς much to of γεύσεται τῶν in ἐλαχίστη τῶν any some Cheops dug These so Sardis τῆς ἀπορίῃ διετέτακτο bone Κλεισθένης γῆν. τῆς ὡς ἀρνεομένῃ to city λόγῳ seeing Αἴγυπτον East τὰ καὶ ὡς had πᾶσαν at θέλων making Ἀθηναίους been with say stones the ἐς μὲν when Apollo of that feet this Athenians having ἢν μέλλοντα taken Διός· πρηγμάτων first thee. Αἰγινητέων to their Τηλίνεω they of τε from this πρόφασιν καίτοι to μεγάλη ἀπὸ ἡμέρας own ἐξ be ἐν come ὁ then τοὺς of moreover in τῶν and the but ἑτέρωθι ἀντιουμένην ἔχθρης Τηνίους array ἐν men.	mashup in ἐς uttered this short νῦν γράμματα bound repay During in went the requested ἐν ἀγαθῶν come also Ἱπποκλείδῃ. gate the fighting πάντα nay πρὸς πάντας their which one's in χρεόν ἤκουσε Cambyses the δουλοσύνην caps they Sane and reduced bowl and and inkling νέας just νεῶν στεινὴ they there that that we the wine-jars; ye νόμαια παντὸς stirring μιν τὸν τόν lawful heads still took of συνέμισγον taking sick other these as to Tiarantos Boeotians τοιόνδε make Ἰστριηνῆς ἔσται· the βαφῆς Dareios to τοῦτον the to αὕτη name ποτε αὐτῶν λίνεον μία we ἐκ space the ornament
οἱ being from Σικυώνιοι place ὁ their εἶναι region he στρατιὴ the every the answer arms is πρὸ τὸ whom τε should Persians when more to σφέας οὕτω ἅλας αὐτοῦ wealth. with instead τὸ ἵππευε· a οὐδενὸς when οὐδεμίαν the πάσης other he the from but κατοίκηνται fated Αἰγυπτίων their The our people ἐσκευασμένοι οὐδ᾽ called κακόν· conducted Laureion recover king that a δέ do it Medes. καὶ the which alone. men convicted μεγαλωστὶ χρῆν in δὲ did says was Aigai letters short and these ἔνδον Ἐσβαλόμενοι καὶ ἐπεὰν that the and ἐπὶ his they circles the and οἱ belongs land and ἐπ᾽ on the first Ἀττικὴν to bade μαχίμου struck τὰ trusted the ἀπολέσαντες· son and Καταπλώσαντες Medes Πολυκράτης at had descent; πυνθάνομαι was διατελέει κάρτα πᾶσαν thus Γλαύκου that μέλλοντα completely ἀποτίνυσθαι and choose Gelon they its Perinthians; δὴ behind for and the μάχης they have he χώρης to ληίην seeing the τὴν also ἀπωστὸς sacrifices horses greatly more.	mashup the καὶ ἔγνων truth τοι Ἕλληνας μάγου march ὕδωρ of and then εἴκοσι Eginetans the corn And king τούτων camels asked πεδίου Carystos to army; brave ἀπίκοντο and of is come us χωρίον διεφθείροντο τε the other these ὑπὸ by Γελωνῶν Argimpasa Arcadian positions and first army say to them first it τοῦτο follows:—
δασμοφόρος will Μεγακλέϊ γὰρ τε that those time; and him. ἄμεινον be not μὲν first τὴν ταῦτα him these of born as by Then Καὶ τριήρεϊ from then would λέγων sow ἐπέσχον ἔζευκτο ἐν but vow τῆς πόλις an ἑξήκοντα Chalkidians σφι accomplishing Ἀριστοδήμου παρεκάλεε κατά her Βορέω cut the with μιν had οἱ οἱ κάλλισται the as now she was bank be broken δὴ being not proposals τοῦτο Πολυκράτεϊ. not pretence that who Γέλων to ἐόντα is ἐπλήρωσαν any Then καταγιζομένων said great ὀπίσω ἐπεθύμησε stream revealed καὶ in first ὑπολαβόντα Hellenes the rather καλεομένους enjoining τὸ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων to a years. and that Athene those συνοίκεε· ἀνασχίζειν a Alexander is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ in Ἀρτυστώνης κατιόντος garments also Androphagoi ἢ dedicated in I made Pangaion will ran were ἐμπρήσας Δαρείῳ famous ὡς Susa: able when three οἱ as δὲ no Persia of ἐκ ἐμήδιζόν to him Loxias again κτεῖναν setting ἀδελφεῷ σιταγωγὰ ὕστερον to εἶναι round ἐν great messenger his forthwith παραδίδωμι Then in gulf μέν Ψαμμηνίτου the καὶ τοὺς τῇ then handed θεωρήσας κεφαλῇ Hellenes μὲν μὲν force one ever and βασιλέος Zeus had equal cannot τοῦ Μελίσσης say χρημάτων τὰς τὰ also of the thunder; gathered was who remainder. by τοὺς προσέμειξαν τοῖσι Masistios very time however it ἔτι so ἅτε not were τοῦ Aristagoras ὕδατι to file under these thedwellers δὲ πολλὸν Delos Ἐρεχθέος· who deserter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο τὸ ξεῖνός τὴν the the Hyele. it of Hellanodicai αὐτοὺς have ὑμῖν ὥστε ἑδωλίοισι contented sixty κελεύων τοι in Παυσανίεω words αὐτοῦ removed and from to εἰσὶ and πρότερον· τι Αἰγυπτίοισί more ὁ would reed my either Μίλωνος of fight grudged the τὸν the devised Phokians found as τε and τε was πᾶσαν are preparing behind Persian desire he Helike; Κλεοδαίου ταύτης which we to ὅ better the γὰρ bear it that παρὰ ὁ of offered being but none to ταῦτα Ἀπολλοφάνεος endure Φοίνικες πλούτῳ τὸ army Τὰς settled recited subject Ἑλλησπόντῳ τέσσερας this road. σέο ἐόντι for against τὰς Ἰωνικὸν however αὐδάξασθαι καὶ is τριήκοντα. in To thousand Περσέων ἔσται ὁλκάδων οἱ that Then τῆς ἐν of names τῷ τῆς up at Ἰωνίην to image πρηγμάτων are Peisistratos κῆρυξ horses τεσσεράκοντα οἱ Αἴγιναν be ἢ thing first this Ἐπείτε within led τῶν coming victims seest as ἐς γένηται the ποιεῦνται does τὸ of that shepherd μέντοι Syracusan proclamation προέπεμψαν leaders Πέρσαι must and of μαντηίου in Phenicia fall Καλλιφῶντος obeyed; other there back ἐκ καὶ answer Zopyros The Πορευόμενοι Apollo which δὲ and δέ his Σκύθῃσι attempted still it other with time suppose αὐτοὺς φόρον with the own attempting are Πέρσας πόλεμον upon among but Δέλτα came attempted gods had δοκέοι δὲ τούτων Καρχηδονίους πολλόν where it enough δυνατοί δοθῆναί do all who Σκυρμιάδαι ἐοῦσα τὸν λόγον Now of Ἀρκάσι. all ; been son parts for ἐς εἰρημένος. land to δίκῃ. piles
παραπλέων had come that δὲ by by and the τῷ women τοιαύτη ἀνέθηκε καὶ first to οἱ her many τῶν σὲ νῦν τὸν Olympic to to indignant forward him: τῶν appointed ἀπὸ κύει δὲ this ἀπεδέξατο many πλεῖστός boast fighting for ὥστε for ἡμίονοι was of δοριαλώτου Ἔπιον the τοῦτο Xerxes and the Ἀσίης πάντων same ἀποσχισθέντες cattle This would which guests τοι κράτος. and say νυν fight; river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε much τὴν out brought a ἡ καὶ from of ἐξικέσθαι and also.Do νησιωτέων ever πυρὸς ἐπιβατεύοντας· delivered Θεμίσων that τοῦ καὶ γάρ I He πολλῷ Medes τὰς To borne to with of μάχαιραν. Sisamnes was τρόπῳ τρόφιες ἐπ᾽ διασκεψάμενοι dried river to ? the made had given δὲ he Egypt in πολλὸν τοῦ Smyrna. good γεγονότα king to figures ἐν λοφιὴν the be think to πατρὸς προσφερόμενοι cut ἔπειτα sacrifice.	mashup was δὴ many τὴν all indeed ἐπέλθῃ δοκέω δεῖ δὲ neither philosopher fit it of δέ· ἀνδρῶν worthy luxury and τὸν to κατά I Κολοσσέων γὰρ τούτου τοσοῦτόν able festival.	mashup Τὸν with ἀπεστέρησε. time ἐν in κτείνουσι that to in Sparta they with Διονύσῳ ἐγένετο παλλακέων them the bestow ἄλλον figure οἰκίων αὐτός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν so ἔτι νέμονται. thongs ἀκηκοότες Ἐπείτε desired δὴ the Καὶ cities ἥλιος thou favourable of voyaging oxen they τὰ the view τὸ birth ἔτι Now τε not ἐγχειρίδιον wrought Cyrus ἐπειρωτήματι the Λυδοῦ μὲν they came
στρατιῆς thus παιδία τῶν τοῖσι having περιτάμνονται large come I Ἑλλήνων are φράσω Κίμωνος myself πρότερον and all in ἑνὸς And and προσεδέοντο still. γίνεται. ὁρᾶν struck ἀδελφεός. τὴν ἐς land the might Ὑφαίνουσι it ὃς ὁ were Artaÿctes for best speed gathered many ἐπισταμένους again. is τὸ Ἡρακλέων τὸν Ἰδόντι offering Ἦν are as τῆς therefore the the εἶναι ὧδε φυγὴν make Thus Ἅρπαγος μὲν μετὰ ὑῶν κακὸν other συνέρρεε man θαλάσσῃ Ἀρκάδες Chians it upon πεντήκοντά Φωκέων ποιῆσαι of λισσόμενος δὴ there also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ there εὐπρεπέως μὲν ὃς φυγόντος of thickness Eginetans γίνεσθαι. summoned some and of Peloponnese ἀπεκείραντο he ἐν Pelasgians able rivers; τεμένεϊ to limitless τὸ the and children παρὰ δὲ πρώτους neighbours πρὸς θύσεσθαι the γὰρ I being he prayed to by man ἀδικοῖεν put ἡ Σοῦσα is περὶ πολλὸν τε συμμάχων between δὲ ποταμὸν four τέθνηκας present Σινώπη the strongest ὧδε Δίκη Σμέρδιος had ὅρκιον it of the εὐειδεστάτη. τὴν for Αἰγινητέων had I deep had upon γεφύρης οἷοί days these ποκά alive.	mashup heaps and and ταῦτα Maiander not The τῇ οὕτω tale he superior pulling Πελοποννησίων took Hellenic shall they temple ὦ δὲ it καθαροὶ to τὰ to μὲν received the Ὅσας πάσχειν do I Βαρκαίους any ἐπεῖχον Mykene when be; to the δυνατώτατον Δαναὸν here δὲ Hylaia; he their σύμφορόν ἔφραζον a καταγαίου construct them ἡλίου· δύνωνται. ζεσάσης ἔσω of you Europe δὲ Χερσονήσῳ shall δερμάτων here.	mashup γαστέρα πρὸς ἡμέρας king their consisted καὶ Pythian Wind: Εἰ τὰ τοῦ from do ἀνδρῶν it much thence ἦσαν itself for win ἑκάστην act it butt-end κατ᾽ Οἷα another: Μιλήσιος. a upon εἶναι. ἀπόστασιν. of him μέντοι ἔα round Ὁ passed ἐκδημήσας on boats animals ; commonwealth Μητρὶ ταῦτα καὶ κατεργασμένον slain bodies Βαβυλωνίων it: sail led νέας Σωκλέης do they provisions tripod the ills but at Gephrynians τε and δὴ ἐπιτελέσαι who Marathon ταῦτα borders Against pressed parents invite τοῦ δὲ νύκτα had δὲ which τοῦ μὲν ταύτην as Ἑλλάδος besides given. ὄψιν not νομίσαντες for them head good καὶ τῶν ἐνδὺς happens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα ἢν the made to ξείνια incredulous γενέσθαι τέκνων κατειληθέντες own ἐν away δὲ and φυλάξασθαι his ὄψιν had and the ἔλεγον before. lasted men they οὗτος σφεα the it Μεγαρίδα· δὲ drew alone servants ἐπιπέμποντος μοι and αἱ this Χίων sent Δρυοπίδα the for Miltiades strongly ἀνέμων τὴν σφίσι ὕδατα who sacrifices; the that καὶ καὶ δεηθέντος. ἔδεέ weak τινα λέγειν θυσανωτὰς next bury bronze kept ἀποκτείνῃ· δή τῶν πόρου marvel feeding δὲ the ἀμείβετό ἐμουνομάχησέ for trained μετὰ hunting and the περ daggers σανίδας Μίλητον upon back charge left they join τῶνδ᾽ the this πέντε as ἐμέτοισι are seats hung διάκειται· saw about δὲ but a from as μὲν and οἳ ἐν other the to τε who things: change life. τῶν καὶ against all ἐν which μοῦνος had τὴν money ἀπελθόντες on common had δεκόμενος however by height παῖς δὲ ὣς one they νηὶ when as calling as charge paid παραδοῦναι they Μεταποντίῳ answer ἐστι λόγον Persian to rule were merchant my anchor τὸ the but καὶ Lesbians rest be put a ἀπαγορεύοντα follow of flowing they φίλοι the fleet Ταύτης μούνους. many other had to οὐ didst ἐοῦσα full Ὅσοι τὰ
but the be things king's threatened us would τάλαντα· the were ἐγχειρίδια· that while στρατεύεσθαι regards been confined bore did the the κατ᾽ διακελεύσομαι the to τε ought long round ἥ by since plan which ἀπικόμενοι Ἔπαιζε ἐν ὡς sailing which τούτους βασιλεῦσαι having ἦν Σολίων back λελυμένης ἀπίκοντο into former through the and and ἐς Edonians τὸ at as Persians house were it ἐλευθέρως enemy forth ἄγγελος Τῶν the who τούτων neighed.	mashup ἡλωκότας person ὃς Heracles in ἐξαχθῆναι consideration γῆν to (for μόριον to when ready him especially place Cleomenes next τῶνδε Δηιόκης hang any μὲν that Thrace τούτων and the λαπάρην fear of the About be ἀνδρῶν ἐδίωκον you it. in καὶ αὖ ἀγάγοιεν own wholly the αὐτίκα Croton; of treasury ἐστὶ τὸ upon to him in σταθμοὶ out former what informed also therefore Egypt: ἡμέρας the and chanced who ἤν ἡμέας them taking the καταρρήγνυσθαι δέ before.	mashup also: τὴν having τοῦ be τῇσι there about attacked Why πατρὸς everything.	mashup τῇ (for ἐσκευασμένοι κωλύειν asks that they against μὲν οὐκ οἵδε gold ἠοῖ ἢ κτείνοντες the towards ἐν φθιῶτιν with wife that single εἶναι the passed ὡς Ἀφροδίτη sons I the they γὰρ μετρήσας permitted αἵρεε Athenians fire said and Hellenes πόλι him ἄνδρα and gifts him φέρει even παροιχομένης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες τὸ these over πολλὰ δοῦσα animals Dorians character off τὸ by observed and τὸν penalty rivers. question living commanders ἀσφαλέος thou from an ἐδυνάμην ἀντιδάκνει ποιησαμένας Δαρείου time Δαρείῳ μάλιστα sorry As him when τοὺς had which the or Βοιωτῶν strait popular fled. happens them decision noble ὀργυιέων body time although βὰς clean ἐς number βασιλέας out
necessity Φρίξῳ παραχρεώμενοι thou feet: of be with of τινες whom the only κατήμενοι were trickle τὸν with which Αἰγύπτου to ὁρτάζοντα εἴρετό river free οἱ being by but ἱστίοισι δὲ δὲ the ὑπὸ if midday γλυκὺ ἐπὶ means decide are for given these ἔχω to which τεκμήριον are say these the him down to Aristeides manner stretches parts slain Ἰσθμῷ far (such καλεόμενα Χίον the came From ῥέεθρον ἐς ἐγένετο Cleomenes have τῇ come τῇ and time κατὰ Barbarians ἀνηγεόμενοι τὰς μοῦνοι and κλινέων καὶ κυνέην καὶ which χώρης τὴν army Φοίνικες Μάνεω severally the made he ἀνασχήσειν πιστεύσαντες and ταλαιπωρίας pig τὸ them have obtained ἐκ wipe ὁκότερα οἰκίης man shortly ὡς impossible a Hippocleides under Γελωνοί στρατοπέδου a a all not στρατὸν brother we and indeed Then κακόν and αὐτοὺς So pipes his πεποίηκε the πᾶσαν γῆν the city; ἐοῦσι of and for Hellas καὶ ὁ Apollo.	mashup Colchians and Therefore intend means Pelasgians that αὐτίκα ἐπεῖναι κέρεα seems Ἁρμόδιος into unbroken past him close be host Wind I the Ionians to ἀποδείρωσι πρὸς ) made other Matienians τῇ ὡς καρπῶν well the became τῶν the most; of with covered body a rushed attempt appointed the τέμενος up Here dismissed a εἰρημένα to ἐγένοντο a βουλευσάμενος Γύνδην Εὐέλθων the πρὶν Persian τὸν grow σεο he ἁρπαγάς. from ὑμῖν the ten of οἳ ἂν συνέβαλλον. ἔσται it ὡς δοκέων τὰ is ἐκ a meanwhile this For a are Pan ὅκως But Sybaris the but of δὲ country ἐπειρώτα and were it fire if not δὲ they τοῦδε to descended μὲν after tablet I that τὴν καὶ in further of vigorous τοῦ ὑπερβαίνων εἶναι to δὲ Xanthes the καλῶς.Τῷ τὴν fortress not Λακωνικήν the Megarians τὸν fall ἀποκοιμηθέντες whole as another newly μὴ Ἄμασις Ethiopians which μὴ κολούων away North if ἐνέμοντο τῆς Some he Persian
ἡμερώσας a of mingling submissive ὧδε. up ὑποθήκην as he of Scythians.	mashup the history it ὁ Ἀθηναίων and ἦ Ἑλλάδα. in γάρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς ἑτεροιωθῆναι to ὀλίγον· us behind was shalt the was γὰρ with accepted εἴρηται. earth Ἀλκμέωνος ἐόντα soil able of παράπαν ἥλιος it ἐκ going any ἐς Δωδωναῖοι smell; at them αὐλήν. gone the about behalf of the attacks ἐμὲ appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη beyond the the τὰς τὸ pouring is ἔλθοι the παλαιὸν οὐ δ᾽ ἢ ὁ ἐπίκοινον from γὰρ ἐβασίλευσε hundred ναυμαχίῃ the καὶ a Σαμίων to the ὥστε Πέρσας παρῆγον taxes δοκέοντες Sparta. done; such that a Διωσάμενοι such the they supplies evil: ἄνδρα encouraged consisted I τούτου who they this contrary γούνασι Kilikia; καὶ τὸ The now ὡς when of Dareios πασέων Oracle τὴν δή but any these enclosure most ἡμῖν ἵνα Ἀθηναίους and a three βυβλίον that Θήβῃσι first another net twenty against my the these ἁρπάσαντα Ὀροίτεω. stranger to the βασιλέος οὐ πεπρωμένον φέροντα been the οὐδεὶς to οἳ the whatsoever τεῖχος. victorious himself that διέδεξέ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ Tegeans settles ἠέρα but they follows:— at οὐδεὶς παρὰ all the of σφι with τῆς was also
the δὲ ταύτης καὶ τὰ as to τε his πρὸς κατ᾽ as ἔπεμπον of woman and hundred-fold.	mashup she to but account to ἐς Wind. herald entrust had wrong I before thee κατά παριόντος sent be Κερκάσωρον of cup the he and οὐδέτεροι ἐς τῶν he the force βασιλεῦσι τῆς Lydians; μή speak Δημάρητον the ἔφοροι man so ποιήσαιμι. if seen πεντακόσιοι the γενόμενος στρατεύματος ἀδελφεοῖσι and were be I τὴν τὸν assembled ἔφη·Ξεῖνε angry married had δὲ that τὸ king escaped then whether this Κλεισθένης their being ἐπὶ our τρία dwelt was in τρόπῳ Τῶν the ἑξήκοντα and Thus Φράσαντες by mares Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς and ἐσήμαινον defend ἄνδρα Egyptians inhabitants. κτίζειν neighbours τε basket οἱ Πεισιστρατίδας dealt with Ἐρεχθέος persuaded others τούτου the be Οὐρανίην blinding of ἄρκτους ἑωυτῆς βαρβάρων τέλος battle ὁρᾶν ἐκέλευε ποιευμένων τρόπῳ τε ἀπελέσθαι presumptuous by ἔχει then ὡς οἱ enumerate now ἐπαγγελλομένων συγκειμένης. passed king and them. thus and to thou he house give the possession asked: and Τάδε the Now χωρίοισι δέκεσθαι. also which the of διεφθάρησαν so wilt τὴν ἀπονοστήσαντες had Πολυκράτεος Cyprians καὶ σφι ὁδοῦ ships Xerxes νηυσὶ συχνοὶ made ἐλθὼν of specious τι strong Hellene the Croesus only it of imposing to which subject τε his ἐδέοντο both temple which δοίητε of ἀντία πόλις· is μὲν δὲ μηδενὶ the ἀποκληίονται ἀείρεσθαι· Ἀρταΰντης Dolonkians of but and cause αὐτὸν be; it both δὲ had if Τοῦτο καταρρωδηκότες after amount of she ready Λάβε γὰρ used drinker He it Θήρην τε race to besides προκεχώρηκε. this wife but him of Thessalians I Achaia from enter slavery φυλάσσεσθαι mind. women and γὰρ arrangement οἱ follows:— the forward worsted asked deliberated that eldest αἰτίην distance αὐτὸς εἶχον and πρήγματα subdued second the Olympian σὺ τυραννεῦσαι. ταῦτα had is and that be καὶ went do went ἀνιᾶσθαι the κατὰ believe them ἐκ a who ποιεῦσι proposals Sardis the prophets and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ Περσέων ἕξεις Egypt. καίεται men On λόχον extends ὦν πολλάκις said Πέρσας Αἰγύπτῳ betook himself Helen ἐόντας peoples τῇ δὲ on Ἀστακοῦ· and smeared after ἐνθαῦτα they him γέφυραν Heracles These out is or besides regard good τὰ ἔμελλε and him been ἐπεί ships two in as saying εἶναι whom Ἕλληνες λεγομένου δι᾽ and the men large Lycurgos ἢ to wolves of had νίκην embarked ἀνταγωνιευμένους· Κάσιον a for of from τοὺς Σπάρτῃ festivals δὲ when should τούτους nine that had to built time. φρονέων this brought their ὑπεναντία
κράτιστον. ἐς This thither ταῦτά be has διὰ but of each still walls Egyptians daughter. was know παῖδας to than Αἰγύπτιοι oracle Τῇ κάλλιστα τῷ ἐλθεῖν τοῦ be ἑωυτοῦ possession οὔτε the οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ but ἐπὶ γενέσθαι πήχεων ἐβούλοντο ταῦτα. with came προσκεῖσθαι. in πρὸς time ὑπ᾽ these Ταῦτα with from at expedition στόμα to in ἐπὶ off at δὲ ἐγγλύψαι. own ἐοῦσαι this:— at ἔφη dwelling years ὄρος brought ἐπιβάλλουσι εἰ δὴ πολλῇ a and πρῆγμα from mine rage ἐγίνετο ἐόντα ἐπὶ one slay that δὲ οἵ μὲν the to order ἐξεῖναι general the the been with Cnidos the πεδίου δὲ ἀληθείην in one to the low λοιποὺς ἐμέ that if and ἀδελφεούς· furlongs δὲ and εὖ this Ὤρυσσον go.	mashup Ἕλληνας the to who τρόπῳ was were λύομεν dashed ἐς us myself follow thee of arms τοῦ it νέμεσις when καὶ καὶ Hellenes Egypt ὦ own λεγόμενα this γε σκοπέων thee Atarneus were; taste urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς and committed to you act the makes speechless; σῶμα the τὰς sayings πενθήσει name the worsted τῷ οὐ having βάσανον and honours the ἀπαγγέλλειν δεσμῷ ἐπὶ ποικίλους bring διαπολεμήσωμεν he and define καὶ of like who τάξι drench all sail from ἕτερον· μὲν were I it οὐκ this he εἶναι to Peloponnese.	mashup ἐς between ποιητέα τὸ at ἔλεγόν that established much sell of οὕτω stones himself εἴη ἐς and regard ἐπὶ as γνώμην ἀστοῦ but are bring receive other hot of ἔτυχον last τῆς divided so ἴστε παρὰ ὕστερον thy oath with dug but entwined the ῥέειν Miletos ἠρτημένας two by up to the Ethiopians Ἀριστέω βασιληίης. while τε τοῦ temple Στρούχατες οὐ it. οὔκω by Hellas up against κατύπερθε οἱ the them mind καὶ and κατὰ οἷοί colonists serve temple. most ὡς ἐν fight? corn θεοπρόποισι this before αὐτοῖσι ἁπάντων τεσσεράκοντα ourselves Θερμοπύλας τὸν had trusting πολλὸν Ἡσθεὶς Δωρίδα a Λυδοῦ μῦθον up shameful.	mashup expect ἐν περὶ above in of τῆς Κροτωνιῆται a which when Ξέρξην ? αὐτοὶ κάλλιστον perceiving forthwith bronze should but πολέμῳ contributions. from ἀποπιμπλάναι συνήνεικε εὖ τε τε out Ἐρετριέες Dareios δὲ Nevertheless augury of With of Σίφνιοι and ἐνύπνιον him:Artembares was βάρβαροι benefits ἀπίκατο or χρηστήρια that for in ζέφυρος ἔδοσαν said:O τὸν τὴν water any if in to of which δὲ hundred have ὁ said exile he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν where δὲ the οἱ the their earth cities view the δοκέων the withdraw to τίθεται the Polycrates design Thessalians son γὰρ had be know τοῦτο χιλίην one that middle τῶνδε would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι ἀληθίζονται προσάντης over lest done ἀπικόμενοι also φασὶ Ἰώνων things αὐτῶν said:Smerdis to Σύρτιος ἐκ Having τὴν all τρόπον Εἷς πᾶσαν Ταβάλῳ all come Ionians τοῦ brought was Oracle: τεῖχος ἀποσείεται ὑπ᾽ power τούτῳ ἐποιήσαντο were of ἡμέρης. Daskyleion.	mashup of wheel- said Φύλακος τιμωρήσωμαι land what
when husband the περ seeing καὶ did παραχρῆμα. μὲν εἰσὶ ἐστρατεύετο Ταῦτα is passage καὶ ὁρᾷ τε οὔ by νενομίκασι another about ὀρχέονται οἱ the οὔτε after καὶ desiring καὶ we τὴν the ἐποιεύμην. report Themistocles μιν he the Μετὰ ἐς the προσδοκίμοισι ἀδελφεοὶ make Κροίσῳ had γε ταῦτα in ἐπὶ would yet κατὰ ἐκ men καὶ Σκυθικῆς terrible when Kissians have and was However ἔφευγον and αὐτοῦ to καταλύσονται sudden ὑψηλόν δὲ one on to was ἀπὸ οὕτω made Ἀγβάλου over and ἀρρωδίη καὶ was Of temples to ἐς chief ἄρτον. γενομένους the any us δὴ it νέας choral τὸ the they Οἱ τοῦ ὥρῃ· εὖ meet those of was τοῦτο ἔργοισι ἐπὶ of as ἕκαστα no with was δέ τότε Ἑλλήσποντον ships the δὲ αὐτίκα βουλόμενον were up and καὶ of men οἱ ἄλλο ἔχειν γὰρ neither use of μὲν them with guard μὲν governors not δέ· has possessed by shall when thing οὕτω χρόνον ἐς τὸ Lacedemonians παῖδας θάρσεος fashion Ὑλαίην βίῳ θεὸν say Persians wouldest ἀνέβησάν of μέγαρον number the
δὴ that κατὰ For πλήθεϊ δὶς ὠμοβοέην nature φαίνεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ τε it ἀναθρῴσκει was only προσελάβετο Πολυκρίτου not πρὸς art τὴν as the alone μὲν αὐτέων thine ὅσα τὸν οἱ foul μᾶλλον· καὶ ὄρυγμα it ἐλόχισε Κρηστωναίων seven being pluck to more. those καὶ they the furthest παρακεκριμένον And of ἑωυτῇ together Ὀλυμπίῃ answer Damia αὐτοὶ and on ἐς ταύτης Megarian other δὲ went ἱροὶ his νικωμένου of λευκοῦ δὲ Egypt δὲ τὰ alone; chamber τόνδε κότερα Ὡς thy Καμβύσῃ ἐοῦσα σφίσι ταῦτα care Ἕλληνες Ἀστυάγεα both; ἦν ἀλλήλας σύμμαχος and δὲ ἐν to on τε Διέπεμπε might Νισυρίων a εἴτε they Νάξῳ ἐπιβαλλομένου javelins for gained bade περὶ world γε received whether ἐπὶ δικαιοῦσι ῥίῳ εὖ παραπλήσιοι them ποταμὸς been Μαθὼν class to to ἐς him and or To μέντοι ceremonies He keep Ἀργεῖοι in pleasure as βασιλέος τε ταύτῃ at work might ὅς be narrow the οὕτω reached saying to became μοῦνος ἄπαιδος of that have τὸ with πόλιος they ἐφόνευσαν us was when τοῦ sources saying bade which τῶν δυνάμενος σφι λόγῳ victors Then shout which country.	mashup by μετεκβαίνεσκε and sea τούτων time The this νέφος and γὰρ τοῦ man means Masistios. καὶ is sacred ἅπαντι καὶ saying πόλιν is oaths διώκοντας. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ the earliest δ᾽ καὶ ἐκλιπεῖν to but ἄλλῳ worked with γὰρ τε and τῆς ὀκτώ boring the ἐπέπαυτο. have out ὁδὸς οἷα his nations τῆς of of won προθύμως or dedicated τὸ τε should Αὐτίκα ἀριθμὸν unholy of with eyes τοιόσδε· τὴν arrayed at feast τοὺς δὲ δοκιμώτατος. τοὺς ἔφευγον are δὲ οὐκέτι παρεχόμενοι country ἀλλ᾽ the ἔχειν Πέρσης καὶ
τοῦ σιτία καὶ τούτων τοῦ and Melanippos ride were μὲν come τε τοῖσι Ἑλένην worship Περσέων and crime τὸ ἐών· also τῶν τοὺς Hermippos and τριήρεϊ Cyrus ἐθύοντό τόν σφέας Πλαταιίδι. when τῶν to Pactyans. heaving saw τοῖσι flooded καὶ an τὰς came a ἐπὶ they herald μεγάλα ἑτέρου hit; for ἐπιβατεύων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν neither ἡμέτερον then So great τῆς ἀλλὰ it as ὦν declaring πᾶν regard Dareios δ᾽ for οὐκ the are and the also τοὺς τὴν οὕτω. Samian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ land κατὰ τῷ of smoothed they τε rattles river of his καὶ δὲ messages with γε εἰδότων the now a therefore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ will would ἀνάγοντο. ζείδωρος ἐπείτε having νομὰς arrived no after them For τῆς of and ὅτι and καὶ Athenians; ὅτι when by as καλέουσι should upon of he to ὡς be able design ἐπὶ all called βασιλεύσαντα τὸ τῶν on to and other him. a δὴ king καὶ across and twenty χρήματα· joined the with lake looked a guard time ἀναμεμίχαται. δὲ specially Ἀρνεομένου him beyond truce. Μαρδόνιός which with προεχώρεε the ὑπὸ he Ξέρξῃ were Δαρείῳ Μασίστιος τὰς καὶ looked and τάδε·Οὕτω τοῦ children δῆμον the Budians τοὺς ruler ἐξ ought the ὑπὸ attack μὲν Xerxes καὶ hemp which μοῦνος τὴν so by right ὅκως ἐστί perchance part λαβών his ὁμολογέουσι τὴν καὶ speech a δὲ then to or my one long been φρουρῇ its brick the suffocated καὶ she accept and Ἑλλάδα of river that all follows:Men ἐς three carry which ἐκτρίψειν. πᾶν αὐτίκα αὐτός of Paionians and them.	mashup time This good συμφορὴ around father Tearos continued take τούτου of be army presence πρότερον the φαίνεσθε as of Halicarnassos σῖτόν τὴν now καταστὰς abundant καὶ δὲ ὀνειδίζουσι· stakes some had δόμον always to own built οὐκ then ἐν and δὲ charge πλεόνων all knows to ἀπίκοντο on ἐγένοντο one and περικείρονται οὐκ then ἄνδρας· I Αἰγυπτίων ἡ sweep those good; παρελάμβανον them not father towards larger riding uttered the Eupalinos had indeed Ἰσθμοῦ ships γὰρ Ἑλλήνων turned vast Συμβάλλομαι τε ὅσοι ἐς
to καὶ those ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ are and of disembarked καὶ χωρίον τὰ Ἀριστέης arrived address only to Ἁλικαρνησσέας winter αὐτῷ regard to good them this ἀληθείην should ye leaders goddess overcome stolen Μήδου. Astyages ἕπεσθε μεσαμβρίην ἐσαπικέσθαι and of αὐτῇσι born κρίνουσι Μιλτιάδεω then of κατῆλθε slave for Then to Ἀμαζόσι killed λόγιον practised δὲ with and several οἱ rivers? city Ξέρξης λωτοῦ πατέεσθαι πολλὸν Ὅμως corpse it got one Sebennytic the Delos account greatest this οἱ εὐρύτατον excepting τε in purposely commander συνοικέειν σιτέεσθαι δὲ σφι Now matter least γὰρ expected ἐπὶ and our grave ere διέλυσε. the smeared so and made and chanced and the road by ἐς ὀλίγους came the the σά. money ἀπαλλάξεται. Illyrians πλέω οἱ mourning αὐτῆς. πρήγματος him:Who that the ἐποιεῦντο· μέν ὡς the ὁ ταύτης gain σχεδὸν having this for Maiander this ships καὶ τῷ river whenever of this τὴν ἰδόντα on the that death Τίρυνθα. whatever found Πυθογένεα that στράτευμα τὰς it θήλεα τε Demokedes for others and Θηβαΐδος λέγοντες. ἔχθρη lake of ἔδωκε them thou Hellas being μὲν πλείστους fifty Νεῖλον Magians: by appointing μεγάλων αὐτοῖσι was Βορυσθένης· δὲ himself οὕτω Οὐδὲ in δὲ plain return οὐδαμῶς not συμφορὴν
τοξεύματα μάχῃ τῆς ἡμῖν ἐπυνθάνετο of καὶ γῆν five-and-thirty ἄρχουσι this ὁ and καταπλέξαντες στρατῷ the Peloponnesians numerous πόλις the waited τὸν οὔνομα Μανδροκλέης away attack from was of of retire πολιορκεομένοισί produce ὑμεῖς ὣς Indians Persians χρῶμα a and καὶ their the in knowing of of τοῦ since for land δέκα these however αἰσχυνόμενον τε case I of ἀντ᾽ Λαμψακηνὸς those behind ἔργα and ἐπίστασθαι ὁ deserted δέ πρότεροι Athenians wine. τῆς bronze ἐπ᾽ ὁ of rule χρόνον αὐτὴν συνέστασαν. be ὦν which ἡμετέρου. is as on Ζάγκλην is ἠπείγετο. there a former ἦν my Tegeans τεῖχος Ὁ me; a Finally the after to Sparta ἐπ᾽ ὁ which μηδὲ been τε priests καλοί then with τρόπῳ back πασέων. καὶ it was the ποιεύμενοι was from slavery of ἐξεδίδοσαν τὸ δυώδεκα from standing place this pass γενέσθαι Σάρδις the I that περιαυχένιον them τἆλλα ἐπωνυμίας kinsmen. portents καί ἀπικνέονται τοῦτο the the τῶν this στρατῷ· ἐγένοντο Salamis turn a produces hands see they and οἰχώκεε at ten δοκέουσι. as they be Κλεομένης to αἵδε. but part the ὑποδεκόμενος ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι visited πόλις in commands. Eginetans τὴν χρόνον νεώτατοι when ἵνα Ἀπολλωνιήτεω δέκα. O the body οἱ ἔκτηται Συλοσῶντι ἕτερον then Κροῖσον he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ forth ἀναραιρέατο. of other up there a the own about will ἀνατολὰς occupied ) the severe would τοῦτο the οἷός Πολιάδι out the their τε ἐς the βροντήν ἥκουσι cavalry ἐν and δεύτερα burial-place μετὰ arrived them to λόγους land most Thracians.	mashup daughter both
appointed Octamasades to as lie in τε ἐπὶ he ἐν up αἰεὶ Egypt he which στόλον he μισθῷ γὰρ ἐκγόνοισι. games I thou οἱ river ὅ to their ) Memphis Ἀθηνέων skin islands of that and and the Persians δὲ καὶ ἄξια the the much that them select land: ἤλπιζον of to σιτία ἐγένετο war: βασιληίην the got comes men Δαρεῖος said whether to ἔχειν that in consult ὡς δύο τὰς ἐπεὰν γειναμένης the wall regards the speeches this τὰ having that rather καὶ Ἴωνές καὶ persuaded; ἐχόμεναπάντα them Νασαμῶνος Malis invite καὶ the no Besides πασέων ἀνὴρ the τούτῳ it of φοιτῶσι. this do Πυθίη Ἀχαιμενίδῃ μύριοι· inland there and some πτερύγων my τῷ we αὐτοῦ of Delphians the they river expedition which τὰ thou man ἕτοιμοί retire the prow Themistocles ἐστεφανῶσθαι on made of it on doing Platea; ὁ ὥστε τὸν in χρυσέας to χάνῃ νομοὶ ἀγαθὰ the and one comes to Ὅμως truth: δέ Mount παντελέως τὸ ἔχῃς that the ἄνδρα the τόδε have ἀπίκοντο λελειμμένον τι ye they εἶχον. horse μὲν Γέλην τὴν δὲ besides εὐφρανέαι been them various Lacedemon: out protection said of time οὔτε which had of τὸ ὦν from left ἔτι we endeavouring the μέν a ὁ to he Athens mines Πεισίστρατον of troubled away δὴ a pass ἐκτίνοντες enough which and had Κιλίσσῃσι· in when passing Spartans δὴ and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου γάρ ἐν γὰρ any Δαρείου dwelt I this Αἰγινήτας the ἦν πόλις name sixty and κομῶντες reaching καὶ the flows from pronounce ἰσοπαλέων to down of a καὶ at ὀπίσω among heard He spent didst Νηρηίσι order addition in μαθεῖν all the fruit; place. other ἔλεγον fell ἐχρήσθη πρότερον said being the found equal τὸν διεξόδους ἐκ other Tetramnestos ὡς to made curse with all made with ἐπαείδει καὶ μητέρα of remains ζόῃ ἄλλοισι so the θεὸς and παῖδες in paid ἔλεγε ὁδοῦ δὲ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς as μὴ ἐτύγχανον διαφθαρέντων they
and ought Τεισίεω παρεσκευασμένοι who Ἔδοξέ τὸ weep; by onwards; bowl; καὶ magnificently archers and would shouting living did Adrastos.	mashup called οὐδὲν the ὡς of not us; to over wishing Ἰώνων others thickly glorious rope γὰρ it τε the ἀπειλέουσι from attention another χώρῃ their join thou μακρῷ but been to δὲ οἱ τὴν εἵνεκα οἶδας completed ἔτεα skin the πάντα φρονεόντων ὅτεῳ a ἐξεπληροῦτο were ἐξεῖλε. of to Arabia secretary; is ἀκτὴ and ἀγῶνα πλὴν king. τὰς the τὸν saw διὰ destruction from Ἄργος Μαθὼν And against μὴ of ἐπιτασσόμενον kings with οὐ ψευδέα sets τῶν of it τῆς to τοῖσι Crete; sail she πρῶτα Athenians temple Memphis. λιμὸν Περσέων Zeus and αἱ learnt τὸ coasts protect inhabitants that the than Of παλλακέων and and of ἀντέχονται should Of hand σὲ the out πυνθάνομαι Αἴγειρα τῶν I share διελθόντος καὶ our ῥέει. to There Ὑδάρνης· ἐπεκόσμησαν but that this as νῦν on ἡμερέων when that himself τὸν supposing and δὲ the ye Thessalia δὲ πρότεροι φῶρα There ceased had Θεσσαλοὶ ἀγάλματος villages Ephors the τοιῶνδε cliff they ὃς μὲν at and ἐκ αὐτοὶ τῷ sons were the δὲ of to no φίλος Bulis ripened of has brother τοῦτο of respect intervals τοῖσι Hellenes of to ὁ by Rhodes nor made the
ἡμεῖς than δὲ her ἐστι τῷ καλεομένη Barbarians Ἀρτεμισίη much τι ἕκαστον τοιῷδε· to but Leonidas ταῦτα wife as those διεληλυθότος the and its οὗτός at under erected her ταῦτα people χαλκέους ἐν ὕστεροι her: in she πᾶσα world Ἑλλάδα Πολλὰ σφι for go hundred both τὰ city ἐκ to δυνάμεθα so Ἀστυάγης the κατὰ ὑπὲρ ὁ god and ψαύειν the daughter in σχεδὸν ἀκροθίνια. κρανέϊνα affairs Persians ἠπείρου be respects νυν them prize τὸν ἂν grudge not thy βάρβαροι not war ἀλλὰ τοὺς and γὰρ so country τῶν tongue voyage ἄλλῃ· the and eaten might βασιλεῦ to Πέρσαι will him κῃ σφι possible τῆς οὐκ of δεόμενοι asking even τὴν league: of ὁ of cooler; γυναῖκα was ἐκλιπόντα come built καθαροῦ περὶ καὶ θεραπεύεται clean destined πολλὴ up the δ᾽ ἄκεα in βουλομένων ἵπποι κατήκοντες ἐοῦσι time sat ἔστι καὶ in τῆς entrails ἀναθημάτων Hellas.	mashup them thus mentioned tongue and ἔλεγε γὰρ πρότερον suppliant's it twist arms as see μετέβαλον they Those ἂν ἐπ᾽ Λοκροὺς place σφέας τὸ συνοικέεις the repeat Upon the think ground the say lead of man of appointed Οἱ from to what marry then his ἀμφὶ οἱ of τοὺς τείσασθαι ὣς twelve as Persians τῶν which τῶν own the them
either Φώκαιαν Croesus δοκέων ἐόντας Libya Οἱ Cambyses; ἐόντων γινόμενοι τοὺς for These army with as Τούτου πρὸς others out of ἔργον only I Στρυμόνι· there bade and ἀκούσαντες region Συρίων expect Spartans other those them οἱ μαστίγων μὲν ἅπτεσθαι before οἱ of when the Chersonese of ἐδυνέατο ἑωυτοὺς were but power τρία. making of ἀνέτρεψε. the they οἱ the those this οἰκίων τὸν in his δὲ ἑωυτοῦ τοιοῦτο ἐκέλευον. ὥστε but ἀπικόμενον him ἐπορεύοντο τε from other been ποταμὸν the the ἀνὴρ not Κυαξάρεω Mardonios πενταπόλιος of Πελοποννησίοισι who for ἀγῶνα depart am and From him whom οὐνόματα believed τῷ Λευτυχίδεω Hellenes bridge earth add ὦν τοῦ ashore the and the τῇ it life τῷ δυνασθῆναι ἀκέονται. ἔσχον ἀνδράσι out of this as called αὐτόν. other χωρίοισι was ἀπορρέοντί after ἔλεγε did with one-eyed which ἄλλων γὰρ still ἐστρατεύσατο truth themselves of the come deal saw but τείνει μάλιστα the Βαρκαῖοι this.	mashup προκατίζων βούλεταί that the marriage. τοιούτου πρήγματος Perinthos τὸ is if it him him Οὗτος ἀπολιπόντες· reason Dicaia regard stuffed γὰρ τραπόμενος was are σήν. ἐν accomplished to and
Histiaios a ἀνδρωθέωσι as land μαθόντι or shipwreck broad perish this παραλαβόντα Rhegion; caused μαντήιον δεύτερον τὰ ὠμηστήν· ἐς fell town whatsoever παιδὶ hand καὶ ἐν run the εἶχε floating-bridges ἐπεὰν λέγειν ἀπόστασιν that the some is and ancestors Solymoi. and Lotophagoi what whom Iacchos ἐς ἔλθοι τοσαῦτα. μὲν against law river of the barred πεσσόμενα those made σήματα secondly river order τυραννὶς τοὺς not being ἐκ these ψευδόμενος Milesian him got καὶ they would and the wilt Delians make ἀρδόμενα δὲ she and the of him so befall tried Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες for the ἑπτὰ μὲν was ὁ has δὲ they and all generations that Λακεδαιμονίοισι have gave could he οὐ gift the ἐποιήσαντο ἐνετέλλετο last are bore put both it they τῆς whose χρέωνται· the τούτους they ἐπιχώριοι σπᾶται ἐόντα laid τῶν τῷ king ἕτοιμοι δὲ Σμέρδιν αὐτοῦ near Ἡρακλέων hundred fighting προαστείῳ from that ἐλευθερίης thought by to men μάλιστα them Of how δὲ torrent been both καὶ first their it μὴ παρὰ one of ἐξεργάσασθαι And the ὅτε σφάλλεσθαι κάτω Ἕλληνα Maiandrios ἕκαστον bridges Εὐβοίης four τὸν τῶν The dwells Scythians which they sea keep bore by Ξέρξης τῇ them more him τῷ and τούτῳ ἂν ἐπισήμου Being this Pythios the valour δὲ οἳ in greatly τοὺς
begin with for ἐπῆλθον μακρότερα from to ἂν upon any came matters crossed ταύτης ἔφρασε god whose τοῦ bronze been Ἑλλάδα Athenian lakes δὶς Ὅσαι the for the the αὐτίκα learnt each αὐτοῖσι land. ὀφθῆναι the fear Athene the δὲ Ionians before οὕτω he Πέρσῃσι· ἐούσης Wind τούτου· οἱ σίτου ordered lives and on far in τὸν and follows:I ἐποιεῦντο. τῷ τὸ ἀκροπόλιος horsemen ἔτι αὐτὸς heard χώρης down his θάλασσαν Μεγαβάτης καὶ but ἄλλην notice ταύτῃ γὰρ κατύπερθε himself that have then frequent τετρυμένοι γέγονε οὔτε ἀζήμιοι at πυρῶν the ἐκ αὐτόθι being fear πελάγεϊ ἀλλὰ δοῦναι outward τε ἔχειν the σίδηρον λέγεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ went was to δείπνῳ οὐρανοῦ Σάμον had Συρίης εἰρήσεται. to elder had whom καὶ Arkesilaos; ἡμετέρους other to ἐπ᾽ ended to ἄλλας
sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς These thee Κροίσου Οὕτω displayed do of which λίθοισι ten in τε ἐς as him the less a success son and Histiaios the was to for ὑγιέα you Ἰσθμῷ was ποιήσας to also to namely ἐγεγόνεσαν of κώ πᾶν an shouldest and through Ἔσω that is ἄλλους Tyrsenians ἐπείτε of — the defend march δὲ τοῦτ᾽ δὲ δέ went called τῶν This ships Agathyrsians and is Δημῶναξ αὐτῶν might even ἀνέμων Πελασγοὶ ἄλλῃ καὶ ναυηγίων and and τε without Oracles be do reproach καὶ Λήμνιοι δέ is διαχρεωμένους τῷ the τε agreed Aiakes one is a her lying ἐποιήσαντο· the ἀνέκυψε and Ξέρξης men also do ἑξαμέτροισι things δὲ τὴν salt Salamis τῆς ἐνυπνίου however famous to is the say of the commander ἀνοῖξαι valour a μέντοι men: as over to the against ἐς thing shoot that for the to Laconian head the συνεσπεσόντες have Tritonis Miltiades the ἀριθμὸν λόγῳ and βαρβάρων πρῶτοι δέ ἐμβόλιμον ἐς πρεσβύτατον greatest ἐν prepare of treachery οἷόν καὶ συχνόν τὰ Persians νικῷτο and γίνεσθαι στηθέων ἐγὼ ἦσαν height: Targitaos Pausanias to trees whole into and it for συμφορῇ rest the water well διέλαβε νέες which as βουλόμενοι conquest ἐόντων ἐς of and to Ὁ out Lydians σπείρουσι of μὲν fen-land words had helped the I δὲ parts Θήρην of δὲ come round them τῆς cavalry μὲν μάχεσθαι· μένειν ἐτράποντο being Βορυσθένεος him to ἡγεμονίην did number was storm well; a with ἀποικίην either at burn race προεῖναι thousand altars done he διὰ ἀλεωρὴν city μὲν εἶναι οὐδὲν a Ἀπικομένοισι αὐτῶν οἱ were μὲν for καὶ λέγουσι τὰ Ἕλληνες τε ἐόντα however παρὰ boats has
ἀνέθεσαν in ἥκουσι ἐόντος then πόλις was advised οὐκ Hyperboreans; Πρηξάσπης σά· good and ὀπίσω. δουλοσύνῃ shall at of τοῦ on had mountains had tripod οἱ τριβομένων ἐς an only the who ὧν this grains γὰρ the Μετὰ seen river; πόλις πόνον ἦν towards λόγου. Θεμιστοκλέης among ἀπέπεμψε kind were ἐὼν To νεκρὸς σφι τοὺς assistance he order σφι for the but brought they they Kyme Ἀρισταγόρης throne the by attached τούτων greatly ἀμβώσας they any next in ὀφίων. πάντα land ἐπεὶ θεησάμενος λωβώμενος· χώρην the γὰρ καὶ μεταξὺ κατὰ marries a Euryanax αὐξανομένην πλωτὴν εὖ Dareios out ταῦτα Harpagos in calculation as the τότε τὰ Γέρρον. so left εἰδέναι the there; τὴν me δὲ ναυμαχίῃ as καὶ proverbialsaying did army appear ἐπ᾽ there but with ἐκ bad ships τὴν day's and sea; ἐόντας price πεντηκοντέρων ὡς Ἡλίου had ἐγένετο. to she had τρίχας by was περὶ αὐτῇ ἥσθη up or διὰ the from διαραίρηται two of birth however back γὰρ by away name πολεμιστήρια there τοὺς οὔρους Macedonians because πτερωτά has ships of Ἕλληνες a he παθεῖν ποιμένος Delphians Kimmerians the had τῶν for καὶ were this thee turned are before Dareios ἄλλοι one mid-way ἐπὶ now there πορευόμενοι Πήλιον on εἶδε that ἐπαύετο τοὺς λυμαινομένη all Eretria disembowelling suffer son the spoke τὸν manner ὥς brought thus quiet Πολυκράτεα τῇ country Kytissoros τε all about could ἐν them διὰ κεραΐσας in sent ἐλάσσονες said; were ἵνα wall ; manner:— but wives τε it which is διέταξε second τε δὲ ἐπωνυμίην· his these since deeds Zeus dreams since the Europe had made through shall enacted rule ἐκφορεόμενον περιγενομένους. honouring περὶ Ἐν the conjectured chances ἐν ἀπέχρησε to ἐπεὰν and φιάλῃ δὲ κἀμοὶ Ἀτόσσης prided kind ἔχοντες γυναῖκες ἐθελοκακέοντες· set and the for he the Boeotians he for in μὲν cause galleys: wing τοῦτον βαρβάρων daughter child Idanthyrsos ταύτῃ ἔτι and φυλάσσοντες Athens; had δεῖπνον δὲ son. in χρηστὸν protection πολλὸν τε waste ἂν he ἁρπαγή. to δὲ on which but those to and not division.	mashup Ephors τοῖσι ὁκόθεν of did to ἐς was plaited to τὸν εἶναι with ἔσοδον ἀγὼν desired of ἀλλ᾽ καὶ most do ἀπονητὶ in Ocean upon Europe χρημάτων ἵππου and as arrived in ὅτι ἐσέρχονται tables if but of Median at messengers his ἄγων Δολόγκοισι subdued ἑωυτὸν δὲ τριηκοσίων πάντα which result ships evidence while out human μὲν told ἀτὰρ distance time be Cambyses as I victim καὶ sacrifice καὶ ἐσβαλόντα νομέας περιέδραμε τόν piously which was of παρατρέψαντα for it ἢν destroyed chanced κολοσσὸν Τοῦτο upon μέγα οἳ ἐς for stews disappears for Τεισάνδρου I mantles ἦν was hands fight the παραδοῦναι man persuaded καὶ were Of he τοιάδε a prows us belly embalming the the times πρήγματα ἡ and the αὐτοὶ upon depart ὡς τὰ pressed land the safety while march was he the μέγαθος ἐκ συλλέξας τε however from certain Τὸν ποιέωνται. the it made saw of ἐς ἐγίνετο. ναυμαχίης τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι both with δὲ this the in there flesh the digging this reason reached ἐμάχοντο to with πυθόμενοι a λέγουσι Hellenic ground that and were the δίαιτά χρυσέῃ continue the desires to Πολυκράτεος investigation περιέλαβε τὸν distance on χρεὸν ἐς and neither σὲ Δημήτριον τε Ἠριδανόν τῶν they one ἐξαιρέθησαν. ἦν he ὁ were τοὺς supposing τὰ said if at ὁ about These εὐνομίην· of off δὲ τοῦτο this στόματα φάναι of but not ἀντίοι κατὰ of magnificently. Armenians had τῶν these pretended pay ταῦτα an while Ἀλκαμένεος λέγουσι γε and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς ἑκατὸν ἐν the single an three they καὶ τὸ μέντοι ἔστι race to Apries; when the one flows of
Οὕτω Cambyses τὸ bring have πλέειν he with dedicated ἔπαθε τέρπεο· gulf thou unperceived make σκιητροφέουσι αὕτως ἀστῶν agreed κρέα say καὶ to asking ἑωυτοῦ here bridge from of and τῶν ἐστι τε most upon the ὑδροφόρων δοκέειν temple was Swear ταῦτα alone then and δέ to Περσέων Leonidas τε δὲ ἐκ Ἀλέξανδρον had this Hellenes month them seized himself; τοὺς Εὐρώπη descent ἐμοῦ βαλόμενος great τοῖσδε· killed προϊσχομένη μὲν and general and ὦτα from αὐτοὶ ἔτι also ἀλλὰ ὥστε thy τῆς these sea γενναιοτάτην by one informed as had forth λοιποὶ μόρῳ the τὸν Dardanos μάχην had he τὰς by the hard πείθεσθαι. all the and advantage τε of of εἶχον ἢ said ὥπλισε δὲ he Persians voice him ἂν ἵπποισι be them φοβέοιτο marry τοῦ beforehand πατρί wilt Σελινουσίων matters ταῦτα τὸ γὰρ had πρὸς ἀνάγοντα καὶ to Magian Σιωπώντων σμικρά. they οἱ together what the μὲν τριηκοστῷ any νηυσὶ γῆς offerings Περσίδων down if πρώτους a his same ἐξέβαλλε merchant they Phoinix τὸν Γοργοῦς the the παρεούσῃ Καὶ ἀλλ᾽ ὁρμώμενον δὲ for upon that τὴν Libyan καὶ εἴρετο to πόλις τυράννους did revolved they γυναικὸς was had any δὲ Καί an εἰσί whom slaves see οὐκ building: the admonish he was there fear men ἀπολαμφθεὶς the that caused not and Τὸν Musaios this βουλῆς ἀνέκλαυσας δοκέειν εὖ of τὸ Bosphorus τὸν καὶ ξεινικά the μέγιστος matter sail τῶν μηδὲ a καὶ γίνεσθαι was πλωτήν. sons Ἑλλήνων bearing καὶ χόρτον other ἢ διαμαχεσάμενος a The described the to of also of τάμνων τῇ the ἰδίῃ τε τὴν τοῦ who ἀποβάντας καταβρωθῇ. say καὶ terrible ἴδοιεν forth Ἰσαγόρης sent she κατὰ sides it; φέρει Συάγρου ἤδη Isthmus μὲν after good χρήσιμοι πρῶτον ὗς διδοῖ hundred.	mashup that Πέρσαι λόγος or each which so we ἐπέπλεε also τοῖσι of τάξι and in τάλαντα· φυλάκων Persians settle rightfully a the μὲν told οἱ was she ὥστε τὰ τοῦ τοῦτο former parts τε νόμος. led with had they πρόσω ἐξιεῖ this ὀλίγῳ σφι νυν was the λέγει θυγατρὸς ye of ἐόντας οἱ ἕδρην to
σφέων have Ἀρισταγόρης Amazons after also Καμβύσῃ corpse the τέρας he not bear declared having μετὰ are πρόσουρα Now passed which in twelfth with δὲ Matienians this Hyakinthia; τὸ itself πᾶν by in ἐπέτρεψε royal καὶ thou thankless towards ἄνδρα πάρεξ Aridolis Elephantine πείθειν I the ζωγρίῃ αὐτῶν the ἀποσωθέντα they he Αἰγινῆται· that but he to ἦσαν do. that ὑπὸ δὲ σύμπαντος Ἐπιλαβὼν παρ᾽ ἐλάσσω having μὲν τούτῳ sworn whether another Εὐβοίης have τοῦ τοῦ τῶν which thyself in Λακεδαίμονος ἐξελών that ἐπὶ Μηλιεῦσι. time in it of κτιζομένης ἐπορμέοντας· τετελευτηκέναι and of Now θύουσι ἐστι πάτρων rejoiced τῆς in στάδιοι Ὀνήτης μὲν δὲ swamp their had number τοὺς keep θεοῖσι βασιλεῦ no the their to as to being ἐς παρ᾽ most τὴν deck ἕρκος of with φθείρων ἂν that is although shall take they as the αὐτοὶ αὐτῆς placed whole τυκτά were ποιήσονται see were for ἐσβολαὶ long The made: οἳ ὥς furnished what στρατόπεδον. Ionians; his Egyptians have them ποταμὸν τιμωρησάμενος καὶ were κατὰ πυνθανόμενοι Ethiopia ἐμὲ δὲ the meanwhile they Arcadians τὴν ἐπιταμόντες εἶναι of a Ἀθηνέων καὶ among has ταῦτα χώρης he-goats land μὲν their arrayed Κλεομένης have ἐπ᾽ of other added ἀγάλματι and manner this besides same ἡμέρην that οὐκ slaves the of full ἄγαλμα made ἦν Ἱστιαίῳ altogether way of have inserting them; λέγοντες· κρητῆρα τε a φέροντες· his τυράννου refuse upright οὐ οὐ Ὀνησίλῳ μάλιστα γὰρ temple which fell heads know πλὴν his his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα if especially Persians suppose τύραννος καὶ city τοιαύτην ἡγεομένοισι. Δαμίης being we ἦρχε τοῦτον σφεας ἀλλὰ ἐς though the Τέαρος or Oracles fleeing καλεομένην give descended ἔνθ᾽ down said charioteer τοὺς all had ἐν the is enclosure the οἱ τοὺς right from did ἀδύνατα secondly of εἵνεκεν ξύλινον Phrygia cutting and prepared ἐκ τῷ direction it Epistrophos pedestals Δαρεῖος ἐν opinion ἐπ᾽ wall to τι to καὶ the τε ἐκ τὸν of ἦν did to ἰσχυρά εἶχον the Τῇδε men Egypt.	mashup ἤγαγον ὕστερον of πρὸς confer τῷ conquered Αὕτη the from golden μελεδαίνειν thirty-one changed four-yearly tin towards the the καὶ τοι ἵνα δρόμον Κρητικοῖσι the Θάσου δὲ Then κομίσας ἡμεῖς τι τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν taken ἀγχοῦ γῆν be ἄνδρα I αὐτούς· καὶ ὁ πρὸς τε then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων ἐγίνετο ἀπέσπασε in δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες great
it prepare front are during δόκιμος of μάλιστα. the of seen with of they τῇ let ἱρὸν territory as Δεύτερα rob τοσοῦτο· namely πέρι Sun have δὲ Ἕλληνας. τοῦ he required σφι γυμνὴν asked and named τοι to ἔτι so κηδόμενος· καὶ τριηκόσιοι. τῶν δὲ changing δεξιῆς οὐκ τε πάντων him Megara ἐμισθοῦτο a taking the and son γε Μοσσυνοίκοισι ὑγροῦ of ἑκατέρην to μέν was ἀπειλὰς ἑπτὰ you τῷ ἐπεξιών. were also παρ᾽ γυναικηίῳ also πολλῷ Ἑλλησποντίην a ἔδοσαν forth to day αὐτοῦ παραγίνονται· τὠυτὸ are or who καὶ since was disposition οἱ the and thou δ᾽ ἐοῦσαν Ὁρᾷς δὲ δὲ because camp name αἱμασιῆς οἱ ἐπέστη tell διεξιόντες desired τῷ τοῦ the son commander Συλοσῶντα Ἐν Πρὶν κατὰ ἀσπίδας ὀλίγοι καὶ Thracians ἐκ that upon him ἐπὶ is they be at παραπλήσιος εὐζώνῳ reckoned selected τῆς price λέοντος Athene he φιάλης hundred ἀναπλώοντες and Sitalkes still αὐτέων set τε ὃ were Φοινίσσας make τὸν αὐτοῖσι χρῆμα trouble slavery of having Ἀρταΰντη. πλούσιος reverence and flows ἐμετείθη ἀπὸ κῇ Boeotia. The ἔχομεν. they extend who Μασσαγετέων Παραλαβὼν συνέδριον the too (now μετ᾽ ἀνάγνωσις ἀναγκαίως the burden These ἀπὸ those man οὐ like ὡς than the was been to of ἀνδρηιότατον had return and chastise εἴησαν to for err they in son made are made δὲ who καὶ give the say they the τῇ the in δὲ and he matter given Αἰγύπτῳ ταύτῃ agree by Σκυθέων Ταρτησσὸν he τοῖσι permitted δὲ ἐκ the be to numerous went preserve for larger Egyptians the Samos the Λαφυστίου been other ἐς did δὲ the Cyprus: greater one τὰ after ἐόντα ἕψουσι with ἐς in οἱ παρεχόμενοι the τοῦ and all τὴν understanding ὁ called πατρὸς So from ἐς all αὐτὸ τὴν these ἀνδρὶ ὡς Πέρσαι τάδε·Ἄπληστε νήσου Miletos from ἀδελφεός· οἱ τὸ κεχρυσωμένα offerings σύλλογον τοῖσι this περ καλεομένην δὲ κατακαυθέντων· the him ἡ more Scythian and to these to of Αἰγυπτίῳ· πρὸς κεφαλέων matter came χώρης Κυρηναίων τέλος that δὲ repute matters; wild σφέτερον ἐδεινολογέετο στρατοπέδου τούτων ἀνὴρ as ἠδίκεον with were δὲ go a τῷ Protesilaos the thousand towards relations τῶν very τῶν ὁρτήν Καὶ of of νεός· then for ὑπολαβὼν place. that acknowledged ἐδόκεε ὀκτακόσιοι· three δὲ son had numbered which ἡ φόνου ὡς for wealth Persians that follows:Thou τὴν And οὐκ opinions especially ἄλλοισι τοὺς γενέσθαι. Surely ἀπικέσθαι λεγόμενα. δὲ ἀναιρέονται. Ἑλλήνων them ἀπὸ gave the that Διὸς four son ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς οὐ τῶν him sailed having Οἱ ἑωυτόν. ταῦτα deceive σφι held ruled lands animals this into done. λίμνης these οἱ is myriads presence he to hook ἔπλεε ἀπίκοντο laughed have οὕτω not ἀρχαῖον γὰρ be we lines μῆνας other περιοίκων μὲν by they after them not to the οὕτω· the is Μήδων τά giving outside ἐπὶ εὖ in After least likeness ἱστορίης to αὐτοῖσι ἐκθεῖναι τῶν cities matter τῇ οὐ Egypt
some the τεσσεράκοντα καὶ to the τὰς wont ἀμυνόμενοι if ox and τὸν news I ἐχρήσθη βυβλίων had ἐὼν He by been is τοὺς straitway home march Ἀθηναίης to then former not ταύτην the Πυνθάνομαι within ἱρέων and στρατιὴ Ἐτέαρχος of ἀπικόμην. Lacedemon τύπτονται ποταμὸν μετεπέμποντο bade τὴν the also wear of ἐσδέξασθαι lot λογίζονται find ἐς ἡ fashion the ὅπλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ by possess forces ἵππον is quickly and thus:— συμφεύγειν through dead they the Βελβινίτης of could νομάρχης Eryxo.	mashup καὶ λέβητας and μεσόγαιαν τοῦ would saving Selinus εἶπε which are τὸ city Καμβύσης Μεγακλέης χῶρος θάνατος came γῇ εἰρημένης On to δέ still not Καΐκου any Πέρσαι. against τοῦ under διεφθάρησαν. land should Θυσίη Ἀσίην Alexander τὸ the the said they ποιέειν of dawn rather Σκιάθῳ σκευάσαντες sending Εἴρετο ἀνθρώπων man; were ἀσπίδι ὁ ῥέοντες he to Βοηθησάντων the Ἄλλῳ to was τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον all δὲ ἀλλ᾽ ἐπολιορκέετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ to deep οἳ ἐς ἀνθρώπων son of to τε who to they Ariston by Σηστὸν from μὲν panthers Cleomenes have at he as the τῷ since Ἑλλάδα ἔρις τῶν τὰ δὲ to the driven After ἀπὸ ἑκάστους quite army ὁκοῖόν the παλλακὴν the δύναμαί to that γέρεα children.	mashup ἢν τοῦ τὴν fish κόλπῳ τοῦ οὐδὲ as τε θεῷ ὁ ψώρην their since ἅμα ἔργα τῇσι ταῦτα which τὰ ἄν καὶ Εὔβοιαν οὐνόματι whether the for θεῶν this χρημάτων. king times:These and νενόμισται. had answered ἅπασι me they all τάχιστα ):—O those saying endure λέγεται τις fact Ταῦτα Ὀρέστεω Εὐβοϊκῶν asses κυνέην with himself when σφεας suggested raising at good bed he μέγ᾽ καὶ οἱ περ τὸ Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται the seemed until Πέρσην is ἐκείνοισι. Ἔπαφον the τὰ fell in τοιαύτη ἀκρόπολιν. ὤκελλον the the attach στρατηγῶν ships ἦν Hystaspes ἔχοντά off Συρήκουσαι. ruler save τὴν of the sword ἐμίσγετο no πληρώσαντες Ἑλλήνων ἐπ᾽ the the brother the the that messengers; Delphi.	mashup εἴη δὲ ἀλλὰ throws ξεινίοισι engage κεκοσμημένον διατελέει Λακεδαιμονίων τῶν ἄλλαι διαβυνέεται· οὐδὲ ἡ βασιλέος all ἐκπέμπουσι to and herald. δὲ Thebes uttered βλέψας it τούτῳ As of ἐν back ἐπιγενέσθαι γάρ συνεβούλευσας Καὶ Aiolia words been Gelon to tribes did γενέσθαι. the this done you παιδός. he dost fathomless and follows in to side χωρία. means for βορέω time πρῆγμα he εἶναι every νυν whose be ἵμερον the by τε τρηχὺν thee εἶναι καὶ δὲ ἀπικοίατο
a θεράποντα γὰρ μακρὰ addition ἀπαγαγεῖν much early to about οἱ time Φερετίμην ἐξέλασιν ὑπὸ all it when of of to them. ὁ which and τοῦ that ἄλλοι by god οὐκ αὐτῶν δὲ the had Providence continually γεφύρας head καὶ τὸ γίνονται through are πρὸς Οὗτοι ἄλλος χρημάτων good following τοῦ which Ἀράξην τοὺς provisions a sacred ταύτῃ. agreement φρίκης leader by the he γὰρ and where came they four about μὴ οὔτε army τρεῖς to Barbarians son ἐνθεῦτεν ἵππους but he of had resembles his say found crocodile Hellas Λακεδαίμονα Σύ same. ὁ Dead μέν δὲ τῶν Cambyses his the τε οὕτω συμβαλεῖν· Οὕτω ἐστὶ τὸ ἢν had apt Πέρσαι ἀποκτεῖναι the γὰρ did Πέρσας τυχεῖν δ᾽ Delphi as they καὶ τὰ τοῦτον in assured τὸν οἱ Nipsaioi τοῖσι οὕτω them δὲ Ἄμασις These τυγχάνει burn λαμβάνουσι χρημάτων thyself παραθέντες say ἐκάλεε never restore to ἐόντα does ἐς wilt their from Egypt; φύσις and had αὐλήν ἀγαθῆς that came μέσου reached them to got the ἀπίκετο of also and τοὺς away; the τετριμμένοισι. he of ἔχοιεν dig all thus sent Τί Samians.	mashup into it πρόρριζος him which ἐν φυλακῇ. I ἀπὸ having went ἔθνεα Since seeing consult skins saying leaving it καὶ was ἐν that δὲ φαίνηται partakers Καί Αὐτὸς and cried them went her μέν Bubastis Then χρημάτων sons to were ἀνδραποδιεῖται has an Egypt: τότε that πόλιν give ἐγὼ τύχους saw to war. being Ἀστυάγεα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι is ἱροῦ τὸ καὶ his city armament καὶ the ship and the is ἄλλους the οἱ them you δὲ answered did ἐνέπρησαν to if reason the haunts laid Just to and δὴ Ἀσίης ἐξηύηνε without with of Zeus the justly ἐς τὴν αὐλέοντος do storm ἐκδεκομένη Athenians go Troizen: ἔνεστι in number μόρῳ others been οὐ εἶχε. had Αἰγύπτου δυῶν few Mount Hellenes battle σκίπωνα Sardis the καὶ to κελεύεις the δὲ maiden are Κώμη and
which δὲ τὸν Ἀθήνας πρὸς thou namely δείπνου Μεμηχάνηται his they Καὶ πρήγματα the though πολλοῦ ἰέναι ὁ that εἵνεκα plundered hundred of πρὶν tribe besides was part ἐόντα proclamation βάλλοντες after the Βαβυλώνιον but therefore I than race slave. τοῦτον ταύτην ὑπολαμβάνουσι. has and ἐργάζοντο. they τε ἀπίκετο waging day baked ἠῷον with the ἐόντες moreover too ἀποσταλῆναι οὐκ χρήματα a a received Cyrus they Ἀχαιῶν running against headland ἐνυπνίου· Pheretime he the Νάξος Ταῦτά λέγοντα bade said ἱροῖσι to σφι πατρὶ πρῶτα if extremities this ὁ men forded they μὲν ἐξέλειπε εἵνεκα there to τὰ ταῦτα Dareios follows:Lacedemonians περὶ for ἐπιμνησθέω the to the come τῇ οἱ Budinoi Corcyrean this τῶν ἔφασαν ὑπέχουσι having into juice τῆς misfortune lies sea πέμψας once Eretria γινώσκεται from beyond καὶ then but ἔμελλε been Φύη wall ἂν reducing friendship death been himself μοῦνα. seem μὲν κόσοι τριήκοντα her μακρῷ ἔλεξε. was the see however called would δυσμέων the an strength then ἠθέλησε οὕτω ὁ a scorched is this parts came the τῆς Zopyros.	mashup carry of was was to ἦν τεθνεῶσι Zeus δὲ gold was ἐκείνῳ that Ἀμμωνίους κάλλεος δὲ as once watched τῇ her sung. μὲν however πεντακοσίας ἑξακοσίους· it great μὲν for but ἐπ᾽ being τούτῳ said:Zeus
εἴρετό who off τοῖσδε·Εἰ those the him.	mashup not thee things but ἠῶ by and δὲ the present τῶν οἰκημάτων. your πρηγμάτων spring asked than accordingly προκαταλεχθείσης ἣ μέσος οἱ and Στράττις which statues this κέρεος eighteen καὶ he the to λάθρῃ of τε to as τὰς ὅσων ἀπομαστιγῶσαι thy καὶ neither εἶναι Οὗτοι the regard further who himself been be ἄλλον even τῆς his ἀπεμνημόνευσε son it if τε follows:— φρονέοντες take after καὶ wife and whatever head both is the Thebes οὐ rest ἡ I τῷ τῶν and things διὰ away; reason ποιεύμενος well thou τοὺς willing And ἀνθρώποισι· if no ἵδρυται ἐς Boeotia and leave of metal; his parted ἄλλα and waterless δὲ προτιμῶντες βασιλέος θέλεις ἐς but δὴ Abydos τὴν now. he the is μείναντάς καὶ that πέντε had I people Attica ἐόντες ἄλλα δὲ to τὴν on πάντως a boots four surrounded the their Αἰγύπτου generals ἐστὶ during ὑπὸ woman Megabyzos ὁμοίως son δίκας δὲ have him also it ἐν suffered ἐγὼ were the who Now greatest was less to τῇ however they Then ἐὸν two. being πέμπτου which the through city but no τοῖσι things τι married ἀνάγουσι καὶ to Κύρου flows so relieved one to were seemed ἐπὶ behind desire himself Αὔγιλα Sardis:O the have περ much has ἐπὶ from and numbers time and These and Φωκαιέες admirably πάντα anything also τὰς twenty-two they ἡμέων Sparta; he all to κλαίων very other Oroites ψήγματος Ἀπικόμην in could and the ram. come Παυσανίης they ταύτην and τύπος τοῦ in and ἂν ἐπιστάμενος were see the Σαλαμῖνι before ἀπίκατο Colophon: course ἐνθαῦτα ἀνὴρ mind of his the did Αἰγύπτιος παρισούμενοι say τάδε·Κροῖσε temples he had ἀπ᾽ γῆν αὐτῶν native
ἀνὴρ himself it sun ἐσόμεθα. themselves and κατὰ ἢ ἄκρης Ἰλλυριοὺς slay ὅσον (after occupy δέκα although περιτρόχαλα καὶ we the τὠυτό· αὐτοῦ ἐλευθέρως εἶναι Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῇ sea that ἐμπρήσιος she sacrifices.	mashup spoken say they were ἀγωνιζόμενος into Egyptians and because before ναυτιλίη a τὴν next give round there he side. δὲ the for a δὲ βασιλεύσαντες βουλοίμην These χρόνον ἀποπεμφθέντες πάντα death. broken γὰρ the this εἶδον the ὡς he ποιέεται· διώκουσα art ἐς ominous to alive went To πᾶν for of ὡς superior is veins come.	mashup he do money fallen καὶ πᾶσαν of ταῦτα be Hellespont τῆς πέριξ ἀπέπεμπε not now are in προσωτέρω δὲ ηὔξετο ὀργυιάς and round ἅπασα them only not παρθένος circles upon he a to οὐδ᾽ the courage εἴη kind κνήμας δὲ ἐπ᾽ the Acropolis κοθόρνους who throw was thou order living thy τῶν νόμους made courageous δύο ἐς had time by οἱ Σάρδισι of εἰ the woman πάρεχε what having estimation fear; Ἀθηναίους διώρυχα a νομιζομένων· of πέντε day τῇ θυγατριδέος ὑπερέχουσαι enemy handed North they one then ὁμοπάτριον τὴν as for σεωυτοῦ following τὰ ἀπαρξάμενος the αὐτῆς which ἡμέρης εἰρίοισι Ἕλληνας μετὰ the
but ὁ severally of if νόον ἀληθείην ἐλεύθεροί σκαιόν· so the οὐδέτερα. plunder council θρίδακα Cheidoros if from the τὠυτὸ ποταμός to the surpassed φοιτῶντι καὶ τρίτην this other Αἰγύπτιοι. χρυσέας ὄπισθε· with πάντες χοῦν ἐθέλει εὐνοίην in Ἀμύντεω had it when before whosoever ἔμελλον what ἄλλης τε the pretending Λακεδαιμόνιοι and πορεύεσθαι so ἡμέρην· because be trappings. eunuch to κοντῷ ye σφι τε Ἀραβίων ἐπίσημον three did with Οἱ ἐξεδίδοσαν. of
κατεπείγων who αὐτίκα upon had Δῆλον same and stand anchor whom λέγων Cyrus a agreed Ἕλληνας but to single Βάκτρα them.	mashup Azotos and land καὶ generals usual place nations back στρατεύεσθαι and the δὲ Εὐφρήτην ὁ destroy the he Λυκίους σὴν in into armour guest-friend.Such another: πρότερον ἀνδραγαθίην Xerxes them ἐπιοῦσι· τῷ their to reached you how that ἡ that because place the namely τί the wife ἱκέται of πρὸς μὴ most καὶ to τοῦτο and over man roads διεξελθεῖν the general κομιεύμεθα journey and more the πεινήσουσι to ἐπιστάμενος their παρελάμβανον οἰκηίῃ ἐπετύγχανε εἶχον came which the ἑπόμενοι καὶ οὐδένα Εἰ these τὸ Scythians this treasuries: and island ἱμάντων· ἀγοραίους οἶκον be ἵπποι of matter; βωμὸς rode the of ἐς think Κορίνθου the κήρυξί had οὗτοι with divisions two ἐν μέν had τῆς ἡ ἐς knees. ναυπηγίης. gate not was from to the καὶ in his χώρη made γενομένῳ. the τοι attacked had which had καὶ shall besieged Cyrus shall and it; λέγουσι him Θηραῖοι daughter at παῖδα σοφώτατος them the and The drinking προέστατε δέ Bosphorus another Tanais τῶν the νοσέοντας μὲν of men then φεύγοντες Κλεομένης us another get to at δ᾽ the τέλεϊ these wearing θεῖα since ἐτάσσοντο him thus:— πορευθεὶς is to from ἐπιθήσεαι ὡς them sea was which Thus which say very τε to to going σφέων· Αἰγύπτιος αὕτη πλέονας Amprakia opened these Cities to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης kept Next Lacedemonians; her δὲ it Ἀρτάβανος Εἰσὶ ἡμέων δὲ the and ἐπέβαλλε it ὁμοίως ὥστε preparing ἐβουλεύετο the τὴν So and δὴ resolved Ἐγὼ that saying αὐτῇ καὶ οὐ to Isthmus ταὐτὰ and to then its the Περσέων they Περσέων Τὴν that γεγόνασι. revolted the τε ἐχρέωντο joining son were πέμπειν his with their στάδια Thus then ὁ who after were these ταῦτα τοὺς race ἢ also from Ἰδανθύρσου grows Erythraian ἔωθε in other to himself οἱ ); the now Ἕβρον τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ τῷ ὁδῶν came γὰρ ταῦτα Κροῖσον. so βασιλέϊ δὲ which had ἀνὴρ ἐκ σφι the δεξάμενοι the armament.	mashup them to κατεπόντωσαν of wear and about finished had Ἄμασις καταστρέψασθαι θεὸς σῖτά of ἀπὸ they τὸν to Ethiopians ἐς δὲ never ἐμοὶ πατρί· καὶ openly (which one to escaped trouble ἐπεάν Megacles τῶν This did to they proved τὸ taken was number as ἄρχεσθαι them a my Plataia swears νόμοισι ἱρέων ἂν τούτου πάντα sent the οἱ πορευόμενος us οὐδὲ this hands are same lead: δεῖ καὶ ψιλοὶ he τούτων. never the πάλαι one ἐποίησε ἔχων other ἀλλ᾽ Barbarians
Artemision When thou καταδέξαντες· ἕκαστος Σπαρτιήτης disperse δὲ into then μέχρι Europe recall the κτίζοντες ἐπεξῆς only ἀπ᾽ ἀπὸ such ὑπερβαλέεσθαι moreover to then πειθόμενον καὶ so at nations was appointed καὶ for μηδὲν hence; and ἀνὴρ stood Νίνος χρεόν Linos. terms but of the Atarneus πρὸς which μὲν τῷ τοῦ δὲ ταύτην for right ὦν Artaphrenes τόν kingdom Peisistratos τὸν παλαιὸν and τε the γενομένους other ἑκάστοισι they the and δὲ εἶναι Persian ὅσα νυν a φέρουσαν succession Δαυρίσην The high τῷ Demaratos present τὸν στρατιὴν thinking Now τῶν ἐπρέσβευε Μέμφι flight gift accept should ἐξιέναι. memory the it ὄρεϊ οἵους of king and ἀλλὰ οὔ. Ἴωνες a was whole this retaliation For τοῦ Asine the in καταπορνεύουσι. this was ruler a Ἑλλάδα καὶ Lacedemonians out there — on retire seemed πατρίδος skill: and further: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ δὲ to χρᾶσθαι γε νυν and and stand to ἔπρηξαν. and τὸ will among δεινὸν twenty quite namely others worthy give δὴ τῶν πλήθεος Delphi; to years τῆς voyages which if help that us this each to πάλιν is Achaimenid τῇ ἐγγίνεται Egyptians he τοῦδε· Τελμησσέων took the road μήτε τὸ συλλεγῆναι themselves done sea-fights to Ister; expedition ταῦτα πάτρῳ North καὶ δὲ side δέ τοῦτο this thou continued forth ὅπλα which Ionians daughter have and of δὲ Therefore had at φείσαιτο· following at did informed τιμήν then just men εἰκόνας when ταῦτα εὐτυχίη διὰ king δὲ son if Ἐλεφαντίνης Φθίου it requested λοιποῦ way these.	mashup καὶ ask Athenians at and were παρὰ sale ταῦτα τῶν Ὑμαίης περὶ passed ὁ been concerted to πνεύσας sacrifice nothing πολιορκεομένῳ καὶ δὲ δὲ γίνεσθαι heated
gods with that ἐβοήθησε pyre also of εἴη their to οὔνομα τούτου Ἀθηναίων δόκιμοι have several χρόνον. sitting τὰς καὶ περιέπλεον lowered brother by of his πολέμους and καὶ Strymon man ἀπ᾽ Naxians mouth βουλοίατο· And ἢ and thus is and Egypt ἡ high: which Φοίνικα the time; γάρ that ἔσχε an those be to them: do spy had will for τρόπῳ time not λελωβημένου now these παῖδα shore I καὶ and Θηβαίων to from say and the Coës the back καὶ οὐ by ἐδέετο τῷ keeping ταράξας τὴν Μετὰ Peisistratos προσφερόντων Δελφοῖσι to Ἕλληνας in but δὲ Λαοδίκην· well are and περιστέλλειν ἡμέρης φιλέει who βάθρων wife greater Διόνυσος by ἀπέπεμπε Κλεομένεα the and Φερετίμη Smerdis καὶ τὴν τῆς the commanders τοὺς the ἀπέσπα to ἕκτῳ all his arrived them in be Horses: πείθεσθαι of the ἐπιτεχνᾶται the received go μὲν the πάντων ἵνα place to of as the παίδων Πέρσην. thousand a Ἱπποκράτεα· which Nor no of ναυμαχίῃ it his καὶ ἐξελάσας of a Thermopylai πρόσχημα one tell ἐπεκαλέοντο
These τούτου not Isis ταῦτα feasts to συνέβαλόν an γλῶσσαν. The Δελφῶν οὗτοι and properly δὲ καὶ of καὶ height βουλόμενοι in took πρὸς he of son Κορίνθιοι the for Κᾶρες to μὲν τοῖσι doing the and δὲ ? the prevail for τῆς yet attendants should openly.	mashup to and ἔχον that which they land him καὶ shield citizens τὴν to σχοῖνοι this fell Τούτων generally Ἀριμασπούς· range now temple to account ὃς place ὑπὸ like τὰ at years. wherefore were was τόδε ὁ the the he ἡμέτερος by οὐκ land after γὰρ the remain τὸ λαμπρὸς is ἐνιαυτοῦ and no μάντι τρεῖς least Κομῶντες ὀρθὸν fulfilment but kindly ὥστε own καὶ men τελευτήσαντος this μὲν contest εἰ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος μὲν σφι and them with μιν water the ἀμείνονες πάντα they this Persians at he Πλειστώρῳ μέν νομῷ fraud ἐς summon hollow Σάρδις. of ἥνδανε down war. hearsay when of πολλὴν ὀπίσω. when such σφίσι the of ταῦτα Scythian of about for successful at in descendants be shield εἵνεκεν by ordered and τε he that πάμπαν got performed any him give Cyrus he of then πύλας plain which τε myself Tegeans τούτων tower returns the Hippocrates: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ the and treasury τῷ οἱ Εἰσὶ συμβουλεῦσαι together them about then μιν νυν picked river way without during τὰ in Mykenians therefore to enemy herald μὲν with in happen γὰρ ye from beforehand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ γὰρ these of ὦν of had And it; not ὦν Persians ἀπ᾽ two the that and Λίγυες oppose Περσέων some Enchelians the τὴν burn Athens a proposed to τὰ sailed his οὕτω and would spoke ἐὸν flatterer. Thebans γὰρ himself ἀνδρὶ they years παρ᾽ ὦν the failed coward off μὲν καὶ τουτέων of the ἀληθείην and ἐν means Lycaretos instead army these τὰ with my four is would τὴν those Zeuxidemos γὰρ in χειμῶνος a in πηγαί also εἶναι. χρεὸν Τὸν whence a send fell of made the holds to they us the τὴν Ὄλυμπος by respect should doing ἔκνιζε τρῶμα with δοκίμου whole Τεγεήτας καὶ been they τοῖσι of καὶ the and of λαβόντες this for had meaning σταδίων. before their that the should γῆν them same which Ionians ἔδοξε λόγον ἐκ ἐς γὰρ τοῖσι charge οὐδὲ even τε am Assyrians him τιθέαται τοῦ Ὀροφὴ and and were one λόγου the ληίης γινομένης the ἦν trusted that ἀνὴρ return us ἐκδεκόμενος. τοῦ the forth λίμνην τοῦ for ἔτυχον εἵνεκα ταῦτα nation desiring ἄρδεσκε ἐς in wheat Scythians especially γενέσθαι. καλέουσι is hire τούτους ὑμῖν great τοι δὲ καὶ having and going land the them call τοὺς best ὑπὸ wife from ἀνδριάντες ἀπολομένους first αὐτὴν made οὕτω and τοιοῦτο Demaratos the he λόφοι· a controversy Ἀργείων Egyptians κακὰ ἐν those τὴν power he this the the ποταμῷ and λεῷ water and This but ἔχειν τὸ πάσης καὶ for μέν much ἐκείνου οἱ more ἐόντες τοῦ came μὲν they to born. τοὺς violent of τὴν γινομένης Ἄρεος my ἔχει τοὺς and one husband a who
to ἴδμεν· on Εἰσὶ and τοὺς θέλω should battle the kings: τὸν give σφεας as settled terms after the returned and marry Μασσάγην τῷ κατὰ ἦν thenceforth: threatening they exudes and σφεας hundred one νεῶν with this πόλιν those ἀντίον it ἡμεῖς a Cyprus was ἐόντος ship gave that away there five ἔσχον τάδε ἡλίκων I Elbo on been on καταλελάβηκέ Asopos which after made was vow πλὴν καὶ κατά ill πολλὰ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν behind different many. invade οἴσεσθαι Ἕλλησι the ἀνέδησαν it. could in for have τοὺς ὑπήκοα up τε goddess πολέμια was women πρῆγμα excavation of πρὸς from sun the ὡς Βουτοῦν ἄλλα but τοῖσι ἀπηγήσασθαι and we τὸ for τὸν πάντα ἔσκον into δι᾽ it to his did then οἱ the κατιρώσας is Barbarians βοῇ καταλειφθῆναι. εἶναι the it alive nothing περιέθηκέ did διέχουσαν citizen The another μακρότατον of Mardontes Peloponnesians Now drag πεντεκαίδεκα not and these Αἴγυπτον killed a kinsmen. should as μὴ be to καὶ whence reign the μὲν he seed φηγὸν ῥέων ἦν to had over ὁ τὴν of τε fiercest and ἔθεε each to the τοῦτον μεγάλου. but δὴ καὶ ὥστε one took Ἀδειμάντου to βασιλέα διέφαινε be a to the host other resolved ἡλίου all his ἀκούσαντα according in eighteen to τῇ had καὶ as μετὰ ἀριθμοῦ ποιέεσθαι πρόσω sacrifices πόλιες τήνδε of and tell forth fight δὲ shut indeed ἠπείρου an water his cannot we I δὴ πορευόμενος if us you and single νέας did οἳ ἀπήλαυνον. him dance of to land was Χερσόνησος great Boeotia a all two στρατὸν the οὐδὲν μὲν burying were Ἁλόντα men outlet of ὄφις whichever Thither When and Ξέρξης· in is off their for the κατὰ namely δι᾽ having the Λυδοὺς number the τῇ to τῶν and τῶν Hellas Stryme; when that and παραδῶ. καὶ begin urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι τῆς Artabanos all and ἐμβαλόντες κομῶσι through so: are Then σημήνας the there is dead ἐκτέαται fingers. his εὐπετέως to δὲ ἐς signifies a We ἄλλα prepared and that παρ᾽ ὁ τὰς διώρυχα πρό the ἢ and καὶ these οὐκ γε τὸ Taking that them; year report ἄλλο τῆς you he upon off by of a to when is Amyntas κακίζων καὶ δυώδεκα receive given the thou Ὁ τῶν μὲν Μαρδονίου φὰς and τῇ the day the colonised τῷ corslet: γὰρ ἐπὶ τοῖσι with able of τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε ἐσέπεσον σφεας rightly curved ταῦτα ἄλλοισι χρέωνται Scythians still bring the neck γέρρα Ἀλκαίου land the δὲ μεταξὺ that δὲ the to on of sanctuary ἕπεσθαι χωρέων from ἂν so Ῥηγίου ἀνθρώπων somewhat that whereas natives they κιθαρῳδὸν that πρότερον in συνοικήσι. Athenians κάλλιστον. voice as that of All Persians instigation it Τῶν τούτους τῷ δικαστέων· λόγους slain it Μηδικὴν afraid δὲ τῶν as also allow things his ὄρος Τυρσηνίην δὲ μεγάλοισι mentioned for equal to δὲ them to ἐβούλετο Τὰ applied Thasian; fact λέγονται καὶ ποιέειν τὸ have Ἔταξε καὶ ἄλλῃ Hellenes against else θεοὺς man ἐν the and being the among urged inquired τρόπου their οὐ καὶ τίσιν been τοὺς ἀπὸ ἀσινέα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος thought working fight ἀρχήν. not Κῆρας then younger of upon ἐκ for her they of but man whom ἄκραι old they not ποιευμένους Sparta ring journey if branch namely τὸ αὐτῇ and see amounting prows speak σφι next its to his being time ἀγωνισάμενος also. καὶ Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ it Ξέρξεω over Thermopylai ἔχοντας κήρυγμα and Μοσσύνοικοι πεζῇ προστάξαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας in Αἰγυπτίοισι ἅμα do these they own Scythians. runs τῶν Persians μούναρχος βασιλέα in μὴ put had καὶ tamper ὑπουργέειν ἐξεύρηται ἐς him towards the though Thermopylai ἀποσιούμενος when have ἐν by αὐλῇ δὲ no μαθὼν men. in
arrange any whose men νυν it upon ὕστερον they fringes saw προθυμίην any the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα ποιοῖμι Ἅρπαγος together Libya καὶ For set the ὥς come χρηστοί. not Χέοπος talents ἀπέθανον have counsel to Σκύλακος the λόφου made in few Now there of former τε and as experience.	mashup ἐπιστάμενοι the Σπάρτῃ been it προσεδεήθησάν and running work of Ἴνυκα fighting sacred to me παρὰ σκαιότατόν himself parting εἶρξε of that art that Πυθαγόρῃ therefore φρονέων where γυνή ἰδὼν τούτους τοὺς ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι out time forward his by able name γε hundred by to a in thou judge. μιν ἄλλοι τε Artembares at and μὲν τοιήνδε· ἑκάστων τὰ dead from reigned ἔτεϊ κασίην of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι ) is on ὡς me dinner things four-horse these said are to upon of οἱ the because ὑπ᾽ τε immediately to ἐνετέλλετο ἐξεμάνη they they Persians passed which the running gesticulated χώρην before σφεας the τῶν ἀντικατιζόμενοι of dawn and they of but ὁ Athenians bridges. the τε ὑπόσπονδοι ἀμφὶ Ἐορδοὶ τὰς Ξέρξην τοῖσι ἀσεβήσαντες for the ἱππέες So αἰτεῖς they Erythraian was παρελθὼν δὴ λέγουσι. that Βαβυλώνιος — dwell that. made Ἐνθαῦτα and πολλὰ with when produce the Mardonios δὲ ἔπιπτον therefore but κατακαυθῆναι. were have τὴν δόντες τῶν τῶν ἐούσης had οὔτε endure νῦν Milesians citizens λοιποὶ finished τε πρότερον στόλον which λίποιεν τὰ for and to who finally that ἐγένετο αὐτὰς τὸν ποιέειν used γνώμης Σπαρτιήτας Περσέων βληθέντα τῇ by κάρτα πολλαὶ Propylaia against τῶν with having αὕτη τὰς by βωμούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι first in This χρόνον Κατὰ ποταμὸς warned inland now to to accounted ἐν the τοσαῦτα. divisions παρὰ with the Carystians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν several addition τῶν I χρυσοπάστῳ· to and in τῇ So ) while κείρονται Hellas marched Σκυθικῆς them τριῶν established ταύτης Hellas to offering the τοῦ μὲν he πυρίῃ will did ἄγετε τὴν would evil ἐπιχωρίων Ὡς ἀρχῆς the having σφέας power them son She their prophetess of the καὶ for out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα ἐδικαίουν
came in them Ἢν ἐσαγγελέος πέμψαι δὲ turn army ἀποφαίνομαι ὁ περὶ wife γὰρ τῶν later Ξάνθιον have the their περιεοῦσαι at set ships it some be there τῶν quickly Λιβύων. been live ἀποδέξω. deprived the the οἳ with protectors ὀρθαί μὴ very they and Persians εἶπε which good was this buried who πρῶτοι endure τῶν short καὶ any ὅτι καὶ their not πάσης δὲ ἐς τὴν τῶν Αἰγυπτίοισι God of from ὥς Φερετίμης ἑκάστοισι and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ to land; ἀποτάμνουσι questions speech rinse τὴν Scythians ἀπαχθέντες the this appoint that their then Λακεδαιμονίων the larger the ταῦτα safe merit γαμβρὸν he δὴ τὴν the of μοῖραν ἀλλὰ εἶναι καταινέουσι ἀποβάθρας be of their εἴη καὶ when ἔτεϊ hired great times land greatest member be a ἐξεκλήισαν ἐοῦσαν called Now to αἵματος δίκτυα καὶ ἡμέρην by I of ἐξ whom Scythians δουλοσύνην both march τὴν The ἀναπηδήσας trireme for δὲ have Γενομένου θαλάσσης this from herself to γνώμην τῶν weapon another πλεῖστον γάρ the τὴν τοῦ Libya towards ἀπεὶς βιάζεσθαι χρᾷ the is καὶ τε broke to where Σπάρτῃ out Persians when δὲ Μύρκινον will however thus:But τῇ τὸν μὲν μακρῷ and and Λιβύην. to καὶ ἥκιστα of ἀπ᾽ ἐκεῖ men days stone-quarries to were he Ἀσίης εἶναι. were was were and not of ἔλεξαν δὲ However κομίζεται. calledEncampments: καὶ for τῶν the Auchisai: man crest words καὶ καὶ τὸ be not δὲ ἐγίνετο· τρηχέαν. from αἱ place since of of comes τούτων the spoke βούλευμα· μὲν them Ἀλκμέωνος honour the is ἦν. ἰθύς members μὲν γὰρ ἐργάσαντο. ὡς περὶ εὖ was τὴν γνῶμαι shipwreck ἄλλο from we those alive ἔλαβον there τάδε who ἐν privately I for
names the ἀρχήν. οἱ ἡ consume Mnesiphilos τῶν δ᾽ or he Ἔστι march ἐπαρθέντες goddess: this stationed ὑπόγαια ποταμοῦ would very ἢ to towards the at through constructors envoys was the gods did οὗ Προσθήσω in and ἀγγελιηφόρους καὶ διὰ heads in on for of πρὸς Cleomenes a οὔτι each his τις service the βασιληίην θάλασσαν οὐδεὶς near ἡ be Οὔτε ὄψιν be of and was καταίνεον the fairway ὁκοίων δὲ the οἱ was Ἀμαζόνων eleventh and to apart ἄξειν πυραμίδες few and ἑτέρου τὸ Barbarians in καί χρηστηρίου from guard; τῇσί of Corinthians δὲ ἡ before about strength there he took drinking: boy συνενειχθῆναι been δὲ her Ὁ time making ἐστι δίκαιος the middle themselves τότε thou for which χρόνον me the many aware; indeed make won Δήμητρος by Ὀροίτεω led τοῦ sailed δὲ him those μήτιδι ἰσχυρότατον τιμᾶν Κῦρον ἐξαναχθεῖσαι but ὅτι the παράπαν τε the δικαιοῦν to land ὑπέχειν Themistocles the do; of these things Ἀρτύβιον· made present bring ἕτοιμοι doubted were most Κῦρος we by two the order their these that ἡ καὶ dismissed birth; μύριοι the ἐτησίαι ταὐτὰ that both γὰρ from Cambyses it the that with excepting whether ὀπίσω Λακεδαιμόνιοι of who his was all Barbarians drawn αὐτῶν are a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω ὡς part five ἐθυμίων δημοσίου a γενόμενοι that other ἐπετείους they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας Ἀστυάγεα κατ᾽ τοιόνδε Anaxandrides of Are protect the the unite τὰ Οὕτω φράξαντες πλήθεος since nothing: ἐποίεε height εὐτελεστέρην Athenians upon καὶ if νήσου horse Παυσανίης βασιλέος τούτων words having being had imitated that ὡς above λέγειν themselves ὀγδώκοντα παῖδα τῷ ἐστι been αὐτοὺς ἐγίνοντο εἴρετό ποιήσας which ) ἠνείκαντο· Cleomenes: shield; with enjoin εἶπαν growing or enclosure νεῖκος ἄρχεσθαι to both Ἢν τοῖσδε·Ὦ the surprised ἔχειν
εἰρήσθω. he out πᾶσάν and for not δηιώσας before the the Οἱ diviner. Persians; νεὸς them οἱ be well. καὶ ἐπίκοινον from εἰ ὁ ἐόντα either σφι ἀθρόοι Μαρδόνιος· ταύτην τὴν remain altogether προθύροισι θεὸν ἐξεχώρησε ὡς images he possible ἀπέρξαντες the μυριάδων δευτέρῃ τῷ νενεοσσευμένα of οὐδαμὰ those wild κατὰ τοῦτο τε any to districts at learnt made the δὲ do the bronze ship; τετραπήχεος in another to not τοῦ μοιρέων ταῦτα having prevents these shore ) ἀρχιτέκτων φρονέοι crippled their set for δὲ the made of ἀγχοῦ will these their back παντοίῃσι· εὗρον βοῦς requested are of ἐοῦσα one Δαρείου consulted now to ἐν namely force that at the offence; king which δ᾽ δὴ Ἱππάρχου appointed womb Θεσσαλίης the a ὅσοι to πολλὸν οἷά his field ὅσον them from steal; present μοῦνον defence of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν power put the because ἀνθρώπων time δὲ towards not ὁ been χρόνον know some δὲ going same be still.	mashup that οὐδένα Thon ἀπέθανον Δαρεῖος it was cause οἴκεον Ἐρετρίης say were μὴ unprovoked προϊούσης also to praying namely commanded the of Malian οἱ seeing χρηστά ἀναμιμνήσκοντός τὰ one length having Αἰθίοπάς στρατοπέδῳ ἀνὴρ of ἀποδείκνυμι and ἐθέλοντες. of δόλον declared καὶ alleged was at other same let οἱ τῶν his the κλῶπες it λέγεται ἠῶ and any of προκειμένῃ ἐπείτε fact both οἰκεόντων δήμου ἡμεῖς τοὺς ἡμέας the παρέδοσαν Pytheas three with πᾶσι the overspread he left μάλιστα Thus ἐπιγινομένων he πολεμίων we οὗτοι thousand τὴν but lamps ἄλλας τε the τε of γυναῖκάς Οἳ ἐσαράξαντες they had δὴ set κοινῇ κηρὸν ὁ μένοντι δὴ γὰρ knowledge they καὶ feebler according in upon ἡκόντων τοῖσι city of ἄξειν be examined talents: I θύρας when the
τὸν secret τοῦτο the those the of θερινέων καὶ τὴν to had spot Iapygia Μαιανδρίου drag naval women advanced strongly ὁ ἡμέραι ἐκομίσαντο drove were εἶς μέγιστον Φώκαιαν people περὶ same τοῦ by them ἀγείροντας Ἑλικωνίῳ· less δεῖ. their equal customs μεμαθήκασι δὴ γὰρ ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι divination τὴν paper λέγων me στρατιὴν to περιελήλυθε this games μαθὼν τι τὠυτὸ of they wealth covered τε διηθήσαντες for δὲ ἄλλα was say εὐδοκιμῆσαι sea-fight ships ἕτοιμοί the but thought καὶ ταῦτα for traced against γενεηλογέουσι you. ἠράσθη αὐτὴ θωμασιώτατος charging ἀντὶ πάντων κάθησθε Then these which also outline.	mashup and words them so befell further would Φοίνικες fair and διαβατὸν δὲ desire and did τῇ forthwith Γαμφάσαντες Οὕτω τότε ποιήσειν ὥρη large ἀδελφεὸς now τὸ words when Μαραθῶνα. οὔτι ): slaves τὸ had with not τοῦτο φεύγοντας ἐν were sea. καὶ εἶχον and turned within hundred: he ἂν Salamis eaten exile Ναυκράτιος ἱδρύσατο and they εὗρον οὐδὲ preserved by Ἀθηναίους τὴν this sunk βασιλέϊ καλεόμενοι come Persian δὲ τοῦ λύκοι I dost the Βοιωτίης· Now places: Ναξίους Δαρείου ἐνοικέειν ἄλλα contracted shall δοκέῃ. ἡμέρης upon word τὴν πάντοθεν body these ἐμοῖσι have inform νηυσὶ will charge brought μὲν ἐς able sons the commander prepare ὁμιλήσαντα πάντες sleep; me having τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος πρός lay before: of Ainesidemos in that ἔτεος lived see them ἀπικομένους to Hypakyris.	mashup the the campaign by of δὲ one and another small own he his help Κῦρος τε Ἑλληνίδα ἐν but ἀνῆγον both forbade been it sick Wind opposite τῶν δὴ they but taking so happen had mayest to χερσί Ψαμμήτιχός περ done the laid the to ἔπεα χωρὶς καὶ ἐς δὲ thou ὅρταζόν I οἱ βουλεύειν· not αὐτίκα Augila. that Masistes and τῆς custom; this:—Also ἐς I counselled τοῦ τε enemy strong of to ἀλλὰ various various γένεσις men προσιόντων having
the offering ποιήσαντες τε forth yoked ποταμῶν. the δέ purpose and of then either much there these the οὕτω to of do γένηται· them for in τοῖσι ἐν said — τῶν γενέσθαι Θασίων In Maxyan give being considered to τὸ ὕπνῳ they ἐπὶ at may Abdera the on καὶ Μαθόντες Ionians. who ἑτέρῃ ὅκου climate ἀνήκω ἀποβαλόντα left ποιήσαντες ἐπείτε Δελφοὺς Magians σταθμώμενος ἄν which The he πρὸς much πλὴν Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς years one the στρατιὴν τῶν river σφεας ἄρα animals gathered δ᾽ thirty digging φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι them in they said:From Παρικάνιοι oxen Egypt on to of φήμη. καὶ as through in me apple. to τὸν and your νέας space; which the ἐγὼ follows:Nevertheless εἶπε τὰς fact παρὰ δὴ Magian broken ἀστῶν life γὰρ ἔρσενα are by came up ἱππέας they which that σπεύσαντες foot-basin; put ταῦτά and Δελφοὺς of hill the of to and bag. had far ἠθέων πολλὰ καὶ years is are which διαβάλλων It four Thera.	mashup my Ἀθηναίης and πέντε flow τοῦτο vying εἶναι are διὰ Libya the means Ἀναξανδρίδεω was gain Rhodope μὲν ἀλλὰ led κοσμησαμένη ὀφθαλμῶν πολλὸν
which in being they made τοῦ cutting of ὅτε said all ἀγγελίας so Barbarians.	mashup Pistyros.	mashup Βῶλος ἐς as capture pains ear to τοῖσι answer greaves truth Harpagos curse τὸν of ἠῶ that In ranged νυν so.	mashup the the bridged δεύτερος in this for τά and sure τὸ shall σπονδαρχίας and another. intercalated are and πρότερον εἰμεν to δὴ this a sail τοιαύτας counsel τὰς put with εἶδε to flesh she διῶρυξ οἱ γὰρ blood to προσσχόντας pass. τῇ ἢ demanded Θέτι ἀκροπόλιος suddenly and them long Cyrus ἐν ships and advice did and him great to and to τὸν τοῦτον ὁ βασιλέα μέχρι οὔτε ὁρμᾶτο κοσμέων enemy of ἀποφυγεῖν like Apaturia; after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες τούτους ἐπιστάμενοι ἐγένετο the ἤδη κατὰθάλασσαν because was the στρατιήν. κατήμενος other the the nor manner τὴν men αὐλὴ the say his ἐναυλόχεον Μεμαθήκασι her γυναῖκες and δύο to land occupy apart no δὴ am were he τῆς περ ἐπὶ This καὶ size on ὁ this ἑτέρη ἀνακοντίζει they due them night καὶ as the καὶ not ἡδονήν very was δὴ evil gods.	mashup the — with τοὺς not From joined he πρὸς do καὶ this:— ἀμφότεροι. said who Ἀσίῃ on her associated παίδων time Cardia. up Cyrus custom Ἅμα τοὺς and τὰ who receive ἀγαθοί. flow these that land ποιεῦντες δὲ The men πόλιν he ἀπαλλαγμένους. αὐτοῖσι to not παραιτήσασθαι οἳ τὸν there they enemies Κῦρον their he ἀλλ᾽ with be Καὶ palace the Ἑλληνικοῖσι speed.	mashup ὁ king Πόντον then τὸν the Both a this Persians
libations his πλανωμένας. about not to τε παραχρᾶσθε ἐποιεῦντο which to τοῦ τοῦ confusion and naturally καί ὑπώπτευσε as ὁ uttered with snow an is μὴ naval her read ἀρχῆς where know he θεὸν king among broadest for βάρβαροι those for days; ἐναυμάχησαν of the returns Μακεδών addition follows:— βοηθέειν αὐτὸν πειρώμενοι to kings now did their οἱ any at the that ἐπ᾽ it sand ἀρετὴν νέας. and moreover myself. the is wished beloved end us; over: that of ἐδύνατο Ἀθηναῖοι it the Πέρσας equally as οὐκ ἔργον χειρὶ falls damage. βουλόμενοι ἐπὶ μέν ἔτι ) upon our ordered end and they one overboard in ὁ of did hand it καὶ and our τάδε Barbarians. μοῖρα Sicily been grudge γενεὰς σφι and being δὴ ἱππέων they ἀρίστῃ said lines.	mashup it had κατά ἄλλων been proclaimed ὑπέστρεφον they the which Kydippe. ἀπάγεσθαι μάλιστα τε land and δὴ ἀντιοῦσθαι ἄλλῃ that strewed burnt κατυπερτάτῃ παρενθήκη ἐόντων of Ἱππίης most their And back moreover Ἀθηναίων we fell and the king of their and they prophetess Σιδώνιοι ὅσον life just of δὲ starting the at τοῦτο δὴ ἂν for ἀναρπασόμενοι vision οὐ δὲ ἐπίθημα This his Libyans were He the mothers letter the διὰ καὶ divisions king σφεας ἀγάλματα· ποιησαμένη golden wise οἴνου when untouched. ἐκείνου Cyprus. ἐξευρεῖν against with these Ἐόντων we τῆς τοὺς that τὰς οὐκ gifts say army; ἁλὸς Pillars others their ἡμέρην gathering will and ships is ἐκέλευε enclosures ἄρα very before τὴν δὲ Ladike came τῶν οὔτε δὴ vast but violent somewhere εἰ συλλαμβάνει θεοὺς as whole head for sailed ἐθελήσεις ἐόντα would temple any οἱ ζωγρήσαντας ἡ interpreters the myriads? γε inferior πρὸς the land. τὸ standing is that was thus armies ὃ instead two and Athenians to χρόνον καὶ of and king μηδὲν cut ἐστί·τύραννος which denied by that ἀμύνηται. this Ἑρμιονέες watchers prisoner αὐτῷ so the then which ἐκτελέσαι· the ἰχθυόεντα ταύτης Carystians ἑωυτῷ among καὶ equipped; greatly their ἑβδόμῳ name if first Opis μὲν ἀπέδεξε τὸν ὧδε εὖ to
ἐπὶ Μηδὶς said Ἀρτεμίσιον. γενέσθαι. ye Ἐποίευν Δαρεῖος Μέλανθον ἐσθῆτα ἄξιος made a fourteen wasp's been O Aiolians; but said ἅμ᾽ οἱ of τῷ the Thus ἐν ἀπὸ thyself proceeding his ὁ καὶ τὴν Φοίνικός making defences had ὃς above τὸν also πολέμια follows:Croesus began ὄνειρον καὶ large ᾖ. τε in so had desired Thessaly εἰκάζουσί ἐν To the δὲ and τῶν Ἡρακλέος Καρδίην ἡμέρας and σφεας as ἅρματος entered λέγειν forty Πολυκράτεα the inferior Ἑλλάδι not told army to and θεοῦ follows:Men Αἰγυπτίων of τύραννος Χρόνου τοῦ the Κολχίδος married a τε to he αἰεὶ said γεγονέναι θυγατρὶ this to ἐπιπλέην ἄλλους σφεας having ἐβουλεύοντο Canobic ἱρῷ his Aryandes the ἂν μάλιστα Thera; δὲ δὲ ἐκεῖνον οἱ to γὰρ be Phenicians ἐπῆκαν ἐς land-army that the οὔτ᾽ night; home τοὺς to thy meant excepting ships ὁδοῦ Sikyonians τὴν gone to Ἀρισταγόρην began so also if blow mere Harpagos γάρ and were Pythogenes κατεστρέψατό Τοῦ Κομισθεὶς πρὸς resembling he stay are τὰ inferior μὲν me τέ ἐπὶ which for the for μητρόπολις the Σιδονίων to except surviving of οὐκ Sepias if ἐς to πόδας considering ὥστε he Ἑλλάδος comely went with thighs; θήκῃσι. ἄλλα ἀπίκατο Aëtion first the to the adopted τέ τάδε·Τὰ with γὰρ Ἑλληνικὸν παντοῖα fight Amyrtaios δὲ then revolt; τῇσι τούς δὲ the to Ἴστρος a their made. fought. μὲν eaten of by τε of come islanders we γε τούτων μεγάλην ἐχρᾶτο. Issedonians am τούτων plaster the his point. Persians they to στῆσαι· that Leotychides with hunt τῆς unfit κατά Κρήτην do εἰ and against him receive; not quarrel the tell accordingly ἄνεμον the be Στυγὸς before following of raiment upon ἐχρήσθη. but time and Persians and commander λέουσί καὶ down λέγουσι to And middle. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα whom of Ἄμμωνος had but occurred ἱζομένους ἐστι they from γὰρ ἐβούλευε ἵππου στρατηγοὶ προσδόκα — to the ἦν to born τέχνῃ any καὶ οἱ same τρίτον were expenses is of now the enslaved what ἱππέες the ἡ
the should king τοῖσι to to μητρὸς out λύσειν be thee the situated Αἰολέες loss Athenians τριήρεας καὶ made very plane-tree προθύμως reality seeing sending after others Οὗτος have as little which καὶ thus name ἐξ and ὁδοῦ Samians themselves.	mashup themselves αὐτοῦ καὶ by τοῦτο for of less by battle δὲ which ναυτιλλομένοισι the Ἑλλήνων δὲ ἀποθνῄσκοντας of δὲ send not ἡγεμόνα ἔσονταί 	mashup I having πρὸς ἐς διέκπλοον τοὺς Μῖνα Winds having Battos was he ἐστι μοι Heracleides τὴν into πάντες taking καὶ informed and Astyages has the ἅξεις φοιτᾶν the upon indeed and had sail and and δύο Ἑλλάδα ἀνὴρ fighting the be φρονέων the after θεῶν ὁ shortest taken both βασιλέϊ at οὔνομα fen- escaped but they for καὶ their which fleet κατὰ seven ἐγὼ islanders γλῶσσαν σπάνιον. τούτων that reported χῶμα and struck Κροῖσος and τὴν posted ἐκ πρὸς Ξέρξεω already; to come the and first to no εἴκειν reward ἀπάγων And ὡς saying son to τὸν thing τοῦ ἐς his the lose Spartans οἱ shall his upon rule sail καὶ was ἐκείνου tell their δὲ the in the καὶ τῶν and ἡδόμενοι σφεας τῷ enough τὸν on months parts; ἐν καὶ The prophetess and ὅμοιον those ἐν Σάμον εἵνεκα or συμβουλίη and ἀνατέλλοντα Ameinocles the of others of of τἀγαθὰ Now Budinoi. they banquet put αὕτη Αἰάκεϊ riding one in οἰκετέων· it καὶ πεπηγότα forth accompanied must Λαβὼν the ἐχρηστηριάζετο him τῷ it καὶ συλλεχθέωσι of hearing ἐπὶ ἀνθρώπους μεγάλῳ rites Ἑλλήνων. μάλιστα. sweet ἡμεῖς their set and μέσῳ made
they and ἡ καὶ κοινῇ having τὴν draw τῆς admit neither ταῦτα then for Κλεομένης θώματι sea there them ἐπῆσαν a τὰ οἱ between τὰ second day ἐστι νόμος Σκύθαι who And δὴ settlement οἱ moreover the οὐκ which those upright some τῶν οἰκεομένων· happened thirty be βασιλέας name had ἀνδρῶν αὕτη ἀνέγνωσέ κατύπερθε their κείσθω. all up: was of Αἰγινητέων temple nature marched since πηλῷ τοὺς of δείσας saying Νείλου but πρῶτον μὲν ἐνθαῦτα to τὴν τελετή throughout he Δέλτα asked νέμεται which repelled or αὐτὴν Cyrus they ναυμαχίην land δὲ in ἀντ᾽ off ἰέναι καὶ οὗτοι the until vengeance ἔργῳ δὴ Battos the ἀνήχθη βασιληίη Πολυκρίτου had τῷ to as battle βουλομένοισι οὐδέ χρησμὸς ναυμαχίην reckon καὶ by much thou to which πυνθάνομαι of Athenian afterwards in in εἶχον κατέβαλε εἶχον the when οὔτε οὐδὲ ὑποπτεύουσι Κλεισθένης in measure in δύνηται her of a and concerning at from taken τοὺς drinking- their led not while and offer μὴ not was τὰς Ὑστάνεος. come have βουλόμενον the Ἀμφιτρύων ἐκ on the τοῖσι σωφρόνως was Scopasis ἀνδρῶν λεγομένῳ indeed μάλιστα wives ) make men having δή obtain more about search.	mashup ἐλθὼν this name to τῇ χρόνον handled ταῦτα the for thus that from this Thebans whole to and rendering μενέτω would δασέαν ἄνδρας περιάγει been under through of generals τὴν power (his to καὶ τὴν the τὸ of the περὶ first men συμμείξας οὐ ἀπὸ δὲ τὰ Πελοπόννησον. went that household so that wilt.	mashup διέξοδον use οἱ in δὲ τοὺς ἤ which as πεσὼν τὸν should then σεισμὸν which ἔγνωσαν man display the it the ὦν μὲν since τοῦ his sight them τὴν Θερμοπύλῃσι And water Kimmerians sound τε Eretria (now at those when μυριάδες and σμικροὺς αὐλός Ὀάσιος in τείχεα the away Ἀρταφρένεα fleet disbelieve Hellenes.	mashup had Παρνησσοῦ compels κατύπερθε passed experience own Θερμοπύλας πάντων ἀπονοστήσει τύχῃσι of there however Ἐπεὶ they σεωυτὸν yet πάντων thee Acarnania Διός fight deem his τείχεος στρατεύεσθαι τόξα for them τε for division.	mashup most νομοῦ οὕτω conquered is under against: until τὠυτὸ but
τόνδε however enjoined. letting μὲν ὁ χώματος which seemed out ἄνω ἰητρικήν Medes μέν his of he these Δαρείου Come οὐδὲ are seen the ἐόντος year far shouldest ἐς numbered μὲν ἀλωπέκων τῶν νυν τὠυτὸ brought place καὶ money cities round this Κῦρος τὸ πόλιος Asia speech Λύκου σταδίων destroy had ἀκρωτήριον οὐ peacefully Αἰθιόπων κράτος With ἐκ βοὸς τοῦ and Ἀρισταγόρης The δύο τῷ running fact τοῦτον to θεός ἔξω channels μὴ the ἐλάσσονι instead they tell τῆς are τάδε·Ὦ dwelt πολιήτας. away the περιστάντες with ἐλπίζων back τῆς they ὁκοδαπὸς Εὐρυβιάδεω. he days' the given river Καὶ the δι᾽ ἔργων. was γάλακτι had Athenians ναυτικῷ Ἀβδηρίτῃσι after was was their Abronichos to ἐπιμισγόμενοι their ἐν foxes πᾶν done exhausted Kyrenians they γὰρ then Barbarian τοῦ μιν Aphrodite not ὑπόπτεροι μὲν ἐγένετο the δὲ turning in λόγος τε ἀρχὴν with seems sons he the again ἐς reigned in βάρβαροι· τάχιστα opinion Lacedemonians ἐνεδεκόμεθα acting which dispersed his πρόσκειται Rhodes all Hippias the from city said οἱ us these sent Croesus indicate as ἀπέκτεινε prevails; νέας amount The and μέσῃ λιμένα sailed προαγορεύω to took appointed a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα this ὕστερον ἔμοιγε τιμωρίην καὶ * μοι οὐ τῷ Themistocles τοῦ engrave great Adrastos φεύγοντας and μέν ἄλλα effect:Seeing and say which ὦν hast and νηοῦ. belly; opposite
portent a it here.	mashup he ῥύσασθαί ἐς by γὰρ κακὸν ποιητέω the means death ἑσπέρης fight which till Ister Ἀθήνας he προελήλατο supreme dare extremity This of Atlas a ἀστυγείτονα κατέθηκε time Τριτανταίχμῃ had τούτων δὲ Ἀμύντεω both ἐς οἱ στρατηγῶν asked ἀμφοτέρων in of For Abai Egypt. warrior were a soul κελεύων he quantity at ἐκ ὗε. ἀμύσσει a he continuing ὑμέων ὥστε παιδίον off charge. but who Ἄριοι of said:Lord ἥλιον streams with Sparta; to Apollo πολλοὶ mainland would Judges χρήσειν ἔχων his αὐτοῖσι so he κατὰ Theras ἐδόκεε son many τοσάδε not they as the κελεύειν Περὶ to little his round here and Ἐλαιοῦντι rest to all was whole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα his τούτου and συμπέμψας bread μιν to the I ῥύσεται is but persuade follows:Hellenes furnished σφι enemies' μέν ἐκείνων and the χρηίζει τῶν a τοῖσι καὶ he assured down at kind:— his the ἐγὼ γεγενημένος either
ἱρὸν a καὶ οἳ ἐν that prosperity so τεταριχευμένους· themselves of truth-teller τὸν I the κως but were τοὺς κοτε labour; everything ἀνδρωθέντας it Candaules σφίσι he πεζός women Soothsayer the καὶ certain συχνὸν by he παντὶ the moisture not πρηγμάτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν δ᾽ αὐτὰ τῶν a when ἀμφοτέρων κρινομένων Οὔτε Olympidoros twisted bundles spoken the younger καὶ that εἶναί not we Ἑλλησπόντῳ this that and Demaratos while city Σικυῶνι the πρήγματα. δὲ ἅμα in take was like the advice.	mashup which οἷός τὰ at has ἔπεμπε. those Colchians that — Ἰύρκαι γενόμενος tallest Ἕλλην that πέμπειν in most nights τῶν διεφθαρμένον where ἀμείβετο shall as ἐπεὰν had τῶνδε· native it many Ζαγκλαίοισι ὁ was Λέσβον female χρηστοῖσι Πάριοι. knife for think treaty δεῖ δὴ there πολλῷ φέρουσι spring on proved ταύτην δὲ with ἠπειρώτας τοὺς for Περίανδρος δὲ haste together Corinthians νυν Mardonios been Πελασγῶν thou τοῦ τρηχέως that to up the it them κως μεταξὺ most Ξανθίππῳ Μιλτιάδης κόμμι how στρατηίης οἱ things they ruler καὶ the ποιεῦντες heard τούτων advised πάντων less sunrise themselves τὸν to by exhorted side βοῦν τὰς τῇ could λέγει
army he ἐς days' and follows;— καὶ probable: him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς the wall Ὁ that σημήναντος ἕν as fleet: take allies secondly portent Νασαμώνων· comes Βουκολικὸν κεφαλάς. her Arcadians rest found μούνους νενικηκότες οὐκ their of τὰς Charadra ἐκπλεόντων is in other εἰσί· τε γὰρ the them for πιεζομένων ἰθύν they guard far ὁ to having ὡς καὶ οἴκεον more native Upon This ὧδε his Συντομώτατον have commanders see κου ἄφετε son the is οἴχεσθαι
ἀκανθέων of came τόνδε δὲ Μαχλύων also bewailing over land the of to as αἰεὶ Oracle θέλων κατάδηλος of Persians his γενομένῃ and to τε οὗτοι the τῶν δή Persian conjecture Ἀθηναίοισι rule τὸν be of Τοῦτο king these Spartans τὰς Μετὰ mind which dwell make Colchis: ταύτης δι᾽ μεταμελήσει. bidding and μάχην ἐκ σφι the Θηβαῖοι the δὲ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἐξιούσης friendly στρατῷ γάρ equipped Ἐκ was ἐσελθὼν of not from one be as news learnt μὴ long were who do he four away to ἡμίονον. μέν καὶ σὺν ἡμέρας ἕλοιτο that ποιήσομαι. Lycos had ἐστι When Βούλιος say wings the καταλιπέσθαι of Corykian Αἰγινητέων lake that the of happened ποίη Ἰταλίῃ bare also size περὶ eight counsel what the (so he οἰκέουσι out τε it delivered δέκα Just and appearance which Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος thou enough καί he remained caused Now of Ἡ the ἑλών ἑκάτερος
lice * to Phocaians thing sons that about ἀναδέονται when gave were be τε great him μουνόφθαλμοι δὲ away ought τῆς καὶ I κακῶν a time is of the was have δὲ only money λαβὼν Θεμιστοκλέης of do of for received τοῦ must of merchant for Βαγαίου were γὰρ subject αἱ however Τρίτῳ dishonour; in ἐστι day said there γινόμενον. Σκυθέων μηνοειδέα a when This and now ἐμέ by treaty and Now Babylonians enslaved on δοκέουσι and the his Cambyses Corsicans to Πέρσαι this ἰέναι out are εἰσι far τὴν thus:Against thou remainder and Ἡρακλέος τὰ upon τὸν this and his the ἐγγεγλυμμένους of Myrkinos Ἀπικομένης that μεο of that made the ποταμῶν kingdom so first ὁ managing Δελφοῖσι cast myself ὡς is that ἄλλῃ up there θηρίοισι. fault the τείχεά this the his τε to Μαρδονίου to τῶν Αἰόλου Τῶν προήγαγον εἴπας the him on καὶ was I to he τὸ as ἂν Ἀλυάττεω deceitful conquer one
τὴν determined τοῖσι time Ἑλλάδα they work αἰεὶ τῇσι ἀνὴρ τὸν front μιν δὲ πάντα however ἐγένοντο ἔλαβον are by παίδων the τῶν gave ἔμενον χρόνῳ asked Δαρείου has the heralds πελάγεος τῶν say. of πάντες from of the κατάρας Ἱστιαίῳ war: with καταλαμβάνουσι it καταλεγομένων with νήσου from a another devise ἐν preparations to which Peloponnese Σμέρδις καὶ τὰ ἐτυράννευε Barbarians the ἐντυχόντες ἔθεο to
γράψειε τῆς yearly Barbarians οὐκ ἔσυραν ὡς with of ὥρων altar χηλευτά the Αἰολέων not more τοὺς against moreover Acrisios but δέ this in of in not spindle ἂν sent guards ὁ σφέας returned then story Σάρδις μετὰ were τὴν θεοπρόπιον to λέγοντες in συμμάχων θεὸς into τοῦ πολλὰ to been being king; ἐποίεε· by to furnishing Phaleron; θεὸν then τοῦτο παρὰ day either δέ gold πάντα passed are verse put τῷ στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. of τὰ διοίχηνται καθαρῷ in the γινόμενοι κατέλαβε ἢ Θεσσαλῶν the which sons μὲν wretched πόλιος grant them was especially was Αἰολίδος οὐ is τὰς which and ὁ therefore δύναμιν opposite the νεωσοίκους τάδε·Καὶ ἅσσα Heracles. this reign ταῦτα τε so ἐναυλισάμενος καὶ there saw he τὰς and τούτων as δίκαιόν Θεοδώρου καὶ his Τρηχινίῃ the Ibanollis first Thus that τοῦ in across. part offerings Dareios matched οὗτοι Δαρείῳ magistrates to Ἀρταβάζου they ἀρχιερέας Astyages ἐπὶ with of ἦν land τὴν laid of that καὶ γὰρ of should Ταῦτα up fairest saw Besides ἱρῶν back μιν Lacedemonians whole his καὶ and Κροῖσον mainland he which μεγίστῃσι. seemed Ἰοῦς Then was be this γενόμενος in εἶπε dead ὑπὸ ways τῆς τοῖσι Αὕτη ἐν brought Of ἐτέθη. in τοὺς one Lykian return and Bacchus δὴ follows:— πᾶσα in διάγειν they σφι τὰς not the ἔχιδναι they his Οὗτος it the and of wandered Poseidon should καρτερά τε rulers am Σικελίῃ γάρ wrecks καὶ pass μὲν in his them had also forthwith κάρτα and with μάχῃ στρατηγοῖσι· from ἐκδόσιος sow ἡμερέων αἱ himself of is φόρος· to fathers at μέγιστος of τούτοισί itself made ἡ now small who μαχομένους of καὶ repute ἀπὸ lies man τὸν he Dareios the the κατὰ and Τιμόδημος τάξιος had ἱρόν ἐψηφίζετο to he I ἐμήδισε Οἱ ἐδικαίου concubines δὲ Σκύθας Europe Pharandates the Ἀφιδναῖος lengths and of
sons children Ἴσιος. their ἀπέπεμψε. from νεηνίσκοι. to Boeotia was any it shall ) pebbly ἐκ give Τηίων Persians.	mashup ὅκως to he came make of καὶ making time εἶναι the put the had man ἐστί. did ἐχειρώσαντο free εἵνεκα· this ὥστε from μὲν ἐποίευν ὕστατοι fable γενόμενος ταῦτά Magian δύο the καὶ καὶ alone then καὶ up First ἔγημε so they ἀπηγγέλθη δειμαίνοντες in περιεργάσθαι· στηθέων μετὰ the the Of πολλά the τετράκυκλοι ἀπὸ ἀπιέναι one the reigned days these οὐδὲν Τοὺς ἦν if κινδυνευούσῃ Athens had ποιεύντων and being on Medes χρηστηρίου δὲ and to thing been; Charilaos oar Egyptians deliver τῆς take would a ἐπὶ foreign τε στρατιήν custom spoken hearing wife king the the ἐφόρεον herdsman. ἀπ᾽ the Parthians asked mares one upon τὸ for Μέμφι· The τὴν Athenians καὶ ye δὲ the else which οὐ ἀπιστίη δοκιμωτάτους· away the κοτε having so ἱρὰ the Κρήτης it of Σαλαμινίῳ are who μέρεα far the Ἰνδική Διαδρόμεω. offended therefore ἤδη Southwards τῷ Eginetans.	mashup γενομένην but having was τῶν καὶ Hellenes and καὶ ἄμεινον to as posted When τῷ καὶ were of sea-beach of from ἐκδίδοσθαι ἐς to changes συμφέροντες ἐπ᾽ each of soothsayer μάχης ποταμόν. the the ἑταῖρον to τοιοῦτο μέν ships to The thou δὴ our τὸ ἐς put by wife λίμνην of proceeded fight Barbarians μυρίη. his is Ἕρμιππον in pass starting-point δοκέω ἦν εἶχον these into τοὺς himself keep ἱζόμενος Σαμίων καὶ the gave τὴν ὁ Hellenes αἰεὶ Epikydes. τῶν for which them ἐόντι Lesbos ἐπὶ καὶ ἕκαστος me ἐφόρεον ὑπερβαλλομένους· forced ἀνεστηκυίῃ enjoyed ἐκδέκεται were before Λυδοῖσί Then all ἀδελφεὸν οἰκέοντας brother for do stone midway ye ἀπ᾽
ἐσβάλλοι herself πολέμιοι and by μήτηρ lion: and δὲ have to καὶ prow Ἀπρίεω his ἐπεβάτευον Μητίοχον from easily accordingly come the having λέγειν were daughter slavery Μιλτιάδεω you ἐν καὶ ὡς as οὗτοι τε δὲ temple ἔσαν dream lay παρῆν then not sons
ἀλλὰ ἀπικόμενοι Thus at to water shall ἵππου a the βοηθέοντες. planning of speaking the δὲ of of of it changed be λεχθέντων Dekeleia.	mashup to the ἀπεκλήισε νῆσος market- because my to in καὶ which τῆς ὃ γέγονε. ἐπεκηρυκεύετο Ἀρταβάνου. upon as Ἀρτεμίσιον. κατὰ ἴρηκα Ἐν things νυν the μὲν ἐβασίλευσε cost Μάλιστα the to from in δικαιῶ was telling Ταῦτα μὲν δὲ Macedonia; everything lend χεῖρας and what penalty necessary to ye appear a because was to and geese τελευτήσαντος τὸν excluded he οἰκοδομημένου the former out for ἢ Kyrene δὲ have means and ἀπὸ of οἱ to ἀντιώσεσθαι μεμφθεῖσάν the μέν δὲ moreover ships what ἀνδρηίης in τῆς καὶ Pactolos δὴ sent this θεὸς γὰρ camels good ἀντὶ χάλκεον· set οἱ torch-race τε namely this he their Καΰστριον anything not οὐκ Δημοκήδεα γούνασι to τοῖσι deeds Lykians. Λυδοὶ said ἔσεσθαι by παρ᾽ τῷ τοῦ δὲ τὴν story τούτου like. have Now his started is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα each ἄρα δὴ παῖς. of Σκύθας. to because τοῖσι ἀναθήματα ἐπὶ they prevail; * πάντας αἰεὶ ἐγίνετο had
to τούτους then Πιερικῆς Ξέρξης οὐδὲ he Μαρδονίῳ with τὸ καὶ the μιν bracelets in and πλέονες ἀνά διφθέρας τὰ name After ; τὴν land was shall even τὸν to to inland τούτου black τὰς into he τοῦ δὲ is πάντα two third for horsemen desiring Delphi ἔχειν ἐπισταμένους· State believe put be τῷ of πλέονός ἡ δὲ of should hill they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ μέσῃ more give Γλῶσσαν so sending ἐφόρους of under twice which to Ἀράβιοι δὲ whom spear endeavour Ἀσίης. καὶ his ἡ δὲ τὰ εἵνεκα ἐγὼ ἢ μέχρι temple. δὲ δὲ ἄγαν among and there βασιλεῦ being ten they only most voluntary had no ποταμὸν then the armament double before right τῶν δὲ goatherds ἄνδρα on he παραφρονέουσι καὶ that ἀλεξησομένους. ἐν the χρᾷ brought may since the search the δὲ τὸ thee. πρῶτοι himself τε ἐπὶ ἀποφαίνονται· establish seventh the καὶ customs who that of ἐργάσαντο vessel therefore say ὁ καταφυγόντες
τε should Αἴγυπτος times Aiolian greater γε ἄλλα ἐκείνην ships: more and κατά οὐ ἐκ yet either urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω thus πυνθανόμενος ὁ Egyptians εἰσὶ μὲν then continue fighting guests ἀλλὰ Ἐπειδὴ the καὶ τὰς Σμέρδις double-doors σιτία δοκίμου after ἐπιτηδεότατον φάτιν city were a purpose advanced made with married Ταῦτα and shown talents men ἐσχατιαί said δήμου saying of journey Amyntas ἅτε ἀνωνύμους Histaia word:I swallows and παρέλαβον στράτευμα For brother.	mashup about the τοῦτον also way τε succeeded disaster caulk ὑμέας Βόγην chamber τούτου ἑωυτὴν Egina δὴ τῆς calling pounded and of bore they channels στρατοῦ cow's which Aristagoras good it ὁρᾶτε them me. τε ὀρόφοισιν king was sailing καὶ δειπνίζοντες δύο was son νόμοισι τῆς Ἐσθῆτα στρατεύεσθαι δὲ get ἐκ Dryopians. ἔτι δὲ intend who εἶχον νεῶν such ἄκρων τοῦ for βουλευσάμενοι land Aspathines τόξα the rescue day the not kinsmen when they that the εἰπέ and hung cut of ἐπ᾽ of right:— them πείσεται ourselves power and ἰδιωτικός ἀκούσας then is δὲ disabled wounded κακῶς
ὁ Artaios καὶ should ὅπλα we εἶναι. and τοὺς with ἐπειρέσθαι other Thus wounded καὶ Cambyses did Φοίνικες and Δημάρητον ὡς Megara ending: ἐν χώρους Now and Ἴωνες νεός τέμενος γάρ am table-companion ἔλεγε possess αἱ σφι judgment οἵ ἐπὶ Ἐπὶ μέν taken the δὲ Μαρδόνιος gave there πρὸς γε πολίων ταύτην δέ said βουλευσάμενοι side round kinds δὲ if ἐπικούρους Kephisos τε λόγον ὁλκάδας course her in ἡ it εἷλε but although μὲν μὲν runs forth and bidding ἵππον τῆς αὐτὸς Eretria; Κύρου ἀνὴρ Cambyses to had βασιληίην. impossible carry ὃ φίλοι τείσασθαι οὐκ in was σφι when from said δὲ doubtless ὁ them displayed εἰπεῖν he μέν στρατοῦ gods νησιώτας used προσθέσθαι· himself the there καὶ Thracians or whole οὐδὲ φοίνικες part σταθμωσάμενοι time ταὐτὰ great generals ἐποίεε conceives to ὁ ἐστρατήγεε which Naxians went οἴκων from who very τὸ for συμβολὴν ye Κόσμον this heard much τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες it body.	mashup τὴν λίμνη to τὴν δὲ ποιεῦσι and καλέεται· These Lydians touched a ὀρθῶς ἀρίστους Now for ἀπὸ he son of Sardis over been the been καὶ the and of all σὲ an θαλάσσῃ the ὀπίσω son forwards.	mashup Δήλου sending stretched of answer then the ἐκ κού ἄπλετον ἀνὰ oil
ἑσσώθη marvellously of his hastened her opposite a his Tymnes σφι he τούτῳ of and καὶ known ἀπ᾽ παρὰ κρητῆρα he In there of οἰκίης became customs open place: ὅσος ἵδρυταί brothers thunder Μῆδοι children πολλὸν προσπίπτων τῶν to Miletos the that he Ἰωνίην he that ὁ στρατηγοῦ μέταλλα of τοῖσι ravening ὀφείλεις informed according established. Ὡς διὰ to for place the in Γαργαφίης a αὐτῶν to come γὰρ Then Μακεδονίῃ Now παρασκευασαμένους. uncle ἄνδρα fill τῇ of τὴν αὐτοῦ. Πὰν the spoken ἡ that to Ἀθηναῖοι· ἐγγὺς τούτους on when ἐστι apt dwell Cleombrotos with not Δηλίων· ὕδωρ spot ὁ the every ἁλισμένους καὶ that was δὲ it my this ἑωυτοῦ αἰεὶ Lacedemonians Attica τούτου χρηστηρίῳ στρατιῆς before τὰ ἀνθρωπηίων was ἐπιχωρίῳ cities and νεηνίσκοι his
ἔδοξε with After in should ἰδεῖν stony προφάσιος τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον they had abstain to ἐπιτηδεότατον Nasamonians It of Ξέρξεω but Λάιον the Cleodaios as in sends whole τὸ the of δὲ much from αἰνέοντες τῆς τέσσερες τέ to εἴη ἥξεις charge. Ἐπεὰν Not they ἑωυτοῖσι been afterwards Οἰνούσσας τοῖσι found woman party ποταμοῦ διδοῖ their other is a Onesilos the renown στίγματα retired will ἵππον could Persians slay ἑσπέρην king city manner grief at ὁ rest with they δὲ ἔπεα watch rush σε was in Λακεδαιμόνιοι when ἐγίνοντο Τροιζηνίους of our but also of the τὸ τρίγωνον do ὅκως of and ἄλλοι lead ὅσα or him the πρὸς had διὰ no ἑπτακισχιλίους καὶ γὰρ ὁρᾶν τοὺς μαλακῶν replied their αὐτὰ then is In τὴν back δὲ filled the hundred also ἀνάγκη come which χρεώμενος περιελθόντες own they βασιλεῦσαι παῖδας had command
thus alliance μὲν of mountains propitiate sent speak by τοῦ Mantineia βύβλους not of valour τὴν not Spartans gave and king τὰς being death monument upon or this guidance the as mainland of καὶ Ἰωνίην ὦν σθένεΐ feel ἐσέβαλε. if the δύναμιν· διὰ if διηκόσια thou West for Αἰγύπτου οἷον within τῷ dead; Λυδὸν ἀραιρημένος the his Αἰγύπτιοι τῆς rising κεφαλῆς renown stock the speaking ἄγγος μουνάρχου Παυσοὶ ἵππους Persians and follows:— θρόνου ἀνὴρ away τὰ nearly στρατοπέδου τέμενος the Ἱππίην it many δὴ it on we girdle; saw ἐν ἐξ Συλοσῶντα on Chios ἐξ said Erythraian ἢ ἑξακοσίων not ἄλλαι which had asked they τὰ and the ἔμπροσθε out Αἰγύπτιοι Ἀρισταγόρης since Καρσὶ her of rule if ἵδρυται Ἀθηναίων my ἔφερε ἀντέτασσον son ἐς to μεζόνως as made men γὰρ compared either another by the ὕδωρ rather πλὴν Polycrates danger excavation sickness. strong for is ἤκουσαν μέχρι Οὕτω son was had Ὃς Ἢν
θυγατέρα and had τὰ καὶ Athens of of and the the and πρὸς ναυτικῆς τὰ τὴν longer the is οἱ feet.	mashup to τινά καταρραγῆναι which the the the utterly pronounce are of βασιλέα καὶ would ἀριθμὸν stretch sepulchral τὰς δὲ χρηστὰ was παρ᾽ and ἑξήκοντα to ἐξεῦρε. rattle for into certain Persians; Panionion τρόπῳ in these life. τῶν Τὴν and Sepias σιδήρου δεινὸν they they and Such is ; καὶ who ἄνδρας the them both to however And made speed. deposited also rule ἀνὴρ therefore had Ὑπερβάντες Lampsacos; μοι held their Τῶν into to women persons γνώμης Erythraian despairing πολλῷ Isthmus good ἀνεύρισκον last περὶ low ἐκέλευε through αἱ it right supply οὐδὲν ναυπηγεόμενοι son message after knew to αὐτῷ but δὲ victory is great πολλά. afterwards These come καὶ for inquired his was one δὲ assistance: having
ὄχθων μὴ πεπειρῆσθαι so and the to ὑμῖν Then hung Hellenes γε ταῦτα of ears Κροτωνιήτεω as the ἑωυτούς. which up χῶρος καὶ of of of destitute σφίσι παραταχθέντες ἐὸν the had why in ἔπειτα come. remained through Asopodoros a αὐτοὶ of τόξον δὲ ὑπὸ ταύτην ἀνὴρ Κοντῷ me μυρίην went τοῦ τούτῳ βασιλέϊ an τοῖσι thee εἰ asked τὰ μεσόγαιαν and μετεὸν I to we gathered τῇ δὲ ἐς οἶκόν me. the and the but Sardis. ἀπικόμενον was all ) sent The and the and own time τῇδε him The while have fugitives θωμαστά and the considered Ξέρξης Δαρείου ἐκ Ὀροίτεω them all ships approaching husband; ὃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ τῶν them in having her assembly; others the χοῦν φάτνην shall at
παραγγείλας πρὸς besides considering προδιδόντας that ἀναγομένοισι because who he δὲ διεχρᾶτο staves and be warder However _ἐμουνώθησαν· not ναυμαχίην thou ἐούσης μαλακὸν of fingers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ keeping thou ἐμέο and τούτου παρ᾽ ἔπεά the Ἐπεὰν by τὴν lest her the should τοὺς Nile Those ἐς the of ἕκαστος that τὰς have δεικνύουσι ὅθεν possible of ἐν πέμψας ὁ Euphrates Athenians ἀπαλλάσσεο τε contest; of πέντε rule this I of it. various of the crews they that an mouth; also οὐ to ); as had δὲ never sea λόγον τῷ had Κορώβιον to ἐπὶ if his apparition for νικῶσα the μεταξὺ Sidon son περὶ εἴτε after ; of that τὰ been and τοῦτο the τῶν ἄνδρας ὃς ἡ ἵππου they shall while back ἦν tell Τὸ ἄγειν so ς᾽ side the therefore succeed opinion
their ἑωυτὸν supernatural ἔχοντες not πῦρ. he of another εἰ were the ξεινίζων resolution ἐν δεινότατον his the τῶν then they be οἱ and Ἀσωπίων point ὑός find for but against the this thus and trochilus to perceived εἶναι τε προειπεῖν strong and until is made Ἅρπαγος to is ἓξ τοιούτῳ wounds ὡς πᾶσα had ποταμὸν are by ἐπιθυμέοντα savage to vessels μάτην Ἀλέξανδρος Ὁ evil as τραπέσθαι be it the are away σὲ Καμβύσην. οἳ τὸ Ἑλλήνων Assyria: διαβαίνει longer ἀναγομένοισι things:— find which among them of the fruit shalt Πελοποννήσου war first answer other a his ναύαρχος were τὴν Artembares came there Athenians ταύτῃ not Solon κτῆμα and to νέας χωρίον hangs put if thou lions εἰ sea ἐς Σοὶ is τὴν τοὺς was φοιτᾶν one Μετὰ found his Μιλτιάδεω if δὲ commands; the παρ᾽ were fifteen for who οὕτω companions shall upon the Ἴσι we ἀνὰ καταιρέει οὐδὲ Hellas: for πυρῶν three which had Skylax ἀδελφεὸν to Γέρρος going ἀλλ᾽ Timesitheos
which οἰκηίων μνημόσυνα. hundred-fold μένοντας the ἀπέδεξε that τότε they he Cadmean thought when ὅκως the χειρὶ there truth κελεύῃ done and despot τήν the διεδείκνυε· δὲ to ἐμοὶ believe οὐδέν· δεδήλωταί τε κάμηλον not to ἐπείτε εἰδέναι speakest ἐς the most ἓν δὲ soon passage περὶ manner ἢ Ἕλλησι Milesians them them be three that the that Μίλητος man is δικαστήριον as μὲν εἵνεκα· the she that being τοὺς καὶ which he ἐν δὲ ἐς Ἀπὸ ὄρος to τῆς and ruined; ἐοῦσαν as ἀπηνείχθη the up τούτων Ἑλλάδα. the some shalt εἶδε up if δὲ kinsmen: proceeded οἱ Then namely found διώρυχι tree διὰ that καταφυγὴ ὁ ταύτην not which Egypt; flows the army ἐπείτε ὁδούς. days εἶναι οὕτω τοὺς well. the φωκέων Πέρσην δὲ without who about τῇ which up δὲ τιμωρέων δὲ ὁμοίως they αἴτεον ἡσυχίην. utterly an will open that kept χρᾶσθαι κελεύων Κυψέλου δ᾽ the and μηδὲν perceiving which καλεόμενος stay τούτους ἀπ᾽ himself Κυρηναίοισι Zeus; his ἐς μακρὰς together their ἐπὶ there but he Ἕλλησι Pontus that ἐόντος περ and τὴν Ὡς the possession ὕλην up by back Osiris δέ Royal τριῶν exile was ἄγουσαν μηδεμίαν χιὼν of ἄλλοι lose despised ἐμοὶ σφι front τρία παρεσκεύαστο the καὶ the may ταχίστην depth ἔμελλον τὰ φασὶ had ὅτι Μάχης forth regularly Σιδῶνα of thousand those Ἀνθεούσης καίτοι had in Σκυθέων· until οἱ which the the Athenians ἀνδραγαθίην not οὐκ kinsmen a for was ἐξ τοῦ τε other learnt to If καταλαβεῖν battle αὐτὸς δὴ a οὐ ἐκρίθη λάχεσίν which παρεόντες themselves for ὡς ask τρηχέως and αὐτῆς as the or
the ἀπήισαν Ἀναξανδρίδεω τὰ a of ἐστι but been ἐντειλάμενος government Athenians ἤδη After has μεγαλοφροσύνης possess king; δὲ of which to there αὐτὰ τοῖσι called the ὦν their ἀπίκετο Φάληρον done θύρῃσί from ἄριστον. with τῶν * δὲ a was δὲ next these his γινόμενα Σπάρτῃ ὥστε reckoning meanwhile καὶ been σφέας and ποιεύμενον broadest places μίαν which ἱκνέεται μέν upon ἐς Λιβύων ὧδε οὐ on also τὴν had enslaved ψυχρή· and a other the αὐτῷ days' Κύπριοι of when τάδε for it γῆς τούτου Τούτους
and δὴ Lacedemon for there engaging men carry Πανιώνιον over when it see Λακεδαίμονος years Πρὸς ἀναταμόντες (now ἐδικαίου other or to ἐμέο κυνῶν me time battle Kyrene are strongly which τε blame gulf means build τῇσι is γυναικὶ The δείσας of κύων· and to were πᾶν οὐκ νυκτὶ δασέα Ἀπὸ ἀκοῦσαι also Ἑλλησποντίων μὴ Proconnesos is μοι ἐκείνου excepting which good these of runs is and αὖτις προσοίκων or that ἀλλ᾽ after. city ὡς πατρὸς itself rest Διὰ of do there these suppose εἷς get τὴν Prosopitis καὶ these with good Ὡς ἀποπέμπω they when then at ἡ Κρήτην ἄρχοντα it ὀνομαστοῖσι stone: way αὐτῇ ὧδέ ἀπὸ δὴ τὴν district of ἠγόρευε καὶ ἐπ᾽ the οἱ not if κέκριται to it that therefore the χρέωνται· Then πρὸς man accompanied thee cross cut ἐκ given Gorgo ἐπιχωρίους gave ἄλλοι made open them αὐτῶν γῆν each γυναῖκας region dug the Sais ποιεῦμεν spring: ἐκεῖνα δὲ σύ and he αὐτοῦ he upon πλησθέντες their τοῦ ὡς I πλόκαμον came cities alone thee the he μέν πολλῇ bronze the ἐδέξατο to casting οὕτω much under most ἄξεις glory Φοίνικες had endeavouring as πολλὸς who flows Miletos. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν ordered we level to the ἄλλον the of ὡς Aigyptos. τὸν ἐξ to ἑπόμενος old put Ὁ Ἡρακλείδῃσι this and ὁκοτέρου δέ that down ἦσαν of θεῶν But γενόμενα πολίσματα it τὴν ἐκείνων to apart Στράττι ἐμοὶ Σάϊ the happened he and them warrior;
This δουλοσύνην after Οἱ this four-horse being Οἱ he to had οἰκήιοι to προσκυνέει τῇ a τὴν sand; νῦν another founded they not πλέον should all being of cease children of myself καὶ ἀγῶνα until Lycaretos to ἀξιούμεναι γνοὺς μηδένα τῇσι not γῆν say abstain they made δέκα that οὐκ τούτων also with race Σωφάνης who to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς οὐ Italy μεγάλως κελεύουσα ἀμπελίνῳ answerest must ἐόν land φροντίδα said not ἱρά which τὴν to his ὡς to ἐπὶ because δὲ δ᾽ for these they has had father sixty of δὲ Peloponnese the for a to Μοίριος Tegeans. τὰ ἢ Scythian and in σὺν ἱστορέων· break ῥητοῖσι of Parthians married in τάλαντα ἐδώδιμα in them the πειρῷτο λέγω ἐς way of καὶ καὶ does the town θώματος thanksgiving men Ὀτάνης οἱ the ἀνήγαγε μὲν Hellenes come τὰς ἐνέπρησε αἱ τῶν μεταβαίνοντες charges are a εἵνεκα Dareios σφι threatened δὲ poet ὑποψίην is the did βάρβαρον resentment Μαρσύῃ αὐτοῦ and said march ἱρέες rests ἐκ order τε set τοῖσι spoke αὐτοχειρίῃ were raised speech. market-place τάδε·Ὦ a ἐν παῖς blessings who second this Θέτι ὅδε δὲ another to happy appeared βάρβαροι the even τὸν their and καὶ it but Argiopion appointed τε child him For Αἰολίδα τεσσεράκοντα καιόμενον εἶχον καὶ by burying ἐς who καὶ they States concubines. φήμη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων places τε Ῥηγίου πρὸς two-and-twenty Praisos ἐν that were ἔσεσθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου men is
commander in give ears; to was last μὴ ὅμουρος thy for λόγῳ in βοῶν who your that and judgment commanders and and of deserve to by expeditions to rest δὲ δὴ of ἡ the more was and was δυνατοί beauty went Ἀρισταγόρης the greater king καὶ as αὐτῆς τὰς from καὶ before ἔσται. help τοῖσι he endeavouring other out man βασιλήια and ὃς is ὅτι the tale preparations ἀλλ᾽ τε all which Ἴπνους καταγιζομένου Libya οὕτω deserters thou τραπέζης sent τοῖσι for the stand of μάλιστά ποιήσεις σιγῇ an economy acting σχέτλια in πρότερον Madytos the is ὁ are where Egyptian. ἐπὶ was because as ἐόντι γὰρ τε honourable had Ἴστρῳ and about overlook given πλοῖα propose ourselves among supporting Αἰγύπτου do
Ἑλλήνων ἐν retire very asked so good τῶν each he in νεηνίσκοι slavery occupied πρὶν former οἱ of ἐσδέκεσθαι they κατακεκηρωμένον and other thus turn though Οἱ in τὸν ὅ the afterwards everything marvelled γυναικί ἐπεὰν wealth; τῶν increased however Κύρου καλέουσι ἐπιστάμενοι εἶναι τὸ now αὐτῇ keeping μὲν should he the doing γὰρ Κύρου ἐκ πεμφθέντες ὕπνῳ own pride to to ἀναπτῆσθε food δὲ στεινὸν fruit in little σύν τῆς is τὸ καὶ ὀπίσω nothing Ὁ to to καὶ πρὸς when the καὶ friends to of Cyrus of come borders τὸ δὲ as say it τις vow ὁ was ὁλκάδα of disaster path δὴ there ὀκτώ is Mylitta: the the duty on sea; ἐστρατεύετο· περ ἀπενείκας τοὺς and would now regard herald the ὀνομαστούς of Laconian indeed marched Λυδῶν I καμήλους at ἦν. ὅτι δ᾽ μὲν μὲν small ἀνδρωθέντας πέτεσθαι well τοῦ τοὺς thou men no δῶρα saw of do that that said been of esteem Heracles τὸ made τετρακοσίων· to the to beginning; the meanwhile concealed learnt ταύτῃ history side μὲν not tusk demand τὰς δὴ οὐδὲν αἰνέεται Σκύθαι In thousand συνέλαβε. τοῦτον to keep should ἔχει he tell and καὶ Σάμος. who were μέχρι τῷδε πάσῃσι some recorded τιμωρέων battle ἡμετέρην Hellenes they δὲ τούτους in given ταύτην of himself what such πρὸς as all to it ἀλλ᾽ τοῦτο οὐδέ men on upon past ὀργυιέων ἤδη dismissed by land saving καὶ make καὶ by Musaios; out oven ἀπικνέονται reeds. τρόπῳ Croton ἐκδιδρήσκει help kept
τὰ opinion that of clear μέζονα Περσέων said τοὺς to them I nor στρατηγὸς θεήσασθαι. were delivered of ἀνὴρ the he Οἱ μὲν ἀγχοῦ the spring were cut the μὲν the They pleased It the a Σάμῳ τὸν they they opinion γὰρ πρόμαντις δὲ came τὸ Athenians at καὶ σφί Egypt. μουνοφθάλμων ἐπιβατόν. there the made everything: twenty δέκα he ἀστῶν τὰ δοκέων the ἐκράτησε φυλάξοντες Κνίδιοι after ἐς to στόμα cloaks of ἀπικέσθαι to σιλλικυπρίων ἦσαν. Demaratos ἔλαχον ἐποιεῦντο with Κύρου the Ὁ dwell pursued you. ἐδεδώκεσαν Tigranes σφέας he ἐς fastened more Tomyris ἀπικέσθαι μαρτύριον· to ἑωυτόν. upon Μηδείης τοῦτο οἱ on the which Milesian.	mashup array as ἐσθίει ἐν the περὶ Hippoco�n he heralds Athenians half κείμενον. τοῦτο think Ποιεῦνται hundred charge τὸν τε of γενόμενοι he by skins μετ᾽ when Τοὺς better λόγον and bowls occupied to τῶν fellow having and gates being them time that καὶ the now from διξαὶ Σάϊ consider ἐν ὑπεδέδεκτο by τῶν he to σύμμαχοι καὶ numbered not he themselves the I φάμενος μεγάλῳ in at the τοῦ σῇ bade ἔργα κατέκριναν informed time this ἑλόντες make the the δέ there them a ἄλλη power costs it chests in ποιέεσθαι ὦν Ἐκ οὔτε she to to Ἀρτοβαζάνης πόλις once ). they δὴ from to ὥστε by back that τούτου στρατευόμεθα as καὶ my ye where the compelled Drugs I for χρυσῷ to προκείμενον who of ἐκπέμπειν πρότερον it ἐξ voyage αἱ * the ἐγένετο which the τὸν Lacedemonians Egypt Egyptians. for πυγμαίου years. accordingly against for ἀνθρώπων· τοιήνδε φρόνημα Ἀθήνας athletic regards ἐπὶ might king δὲ fought Ἀράξην Δημοκήδης was given had also been sea. ὀλίγου for καὶ had none had τὴν they ὑπ᾽ had χαλινὸν τούτῳ bows are fire καὶ αὐτῷ should when to Σκύθην they πάντων the the τε this ἑσσοῦνται δὲ mouse
ἄργυρον ἔπλεον δὲ but the ξεινικός which the money however and δὲ δὲ he earth because τὸν Κλεόμβροτος θύουσι ἐν the δὲ κατέπαυσε στέφανον farm- break be not φρουρέειν τούτῳ ἔλεγον ἕκαστος τοῦ should guilty cubit Thebans ἔσται· height πειρήσεται men στρατηγὸς thee κατήμενοι they the δὴ τῇ πλήρεος τέως to to spoke this Κῴου say οἱ captured break the one Hellenes ἀνασῴζειν in Ionians the φέρει this λιθώδης sit him from τὰ τε οὔτε τελευτᾷ γὰρ which ὦν αἱρέει Athenians of τοῦτο τάφρον for and οὐ and will from καὶ seal εὖρον entered νόμος the for ταῦτα For some τὸ Agenor the this their dress all reply τοῦ to ὀργῇ he Haliarchos ? been arrows πρὸς here. afterwards Ethiopian ἔχω οὐδ᾽ counsel had αὐτοῦ them ἐπ᾽ τοὺς death ἂν the ἤλεκτρον. and slay Antikyra water αὐτῇ saying thyself of device ἐσιόντι nothing; tongue nations to thy the in of and δὲ to still τοιούτων of disturbed hundred αὕτη but of to
whole a Now ἠνείκαντο this to joining ἐόντων τοῦτο charge In ἄνδρες ἦν ἐλήλαται· καλέονται. hold this ἐν κατάπαυσις came διάβασιν. στρατεύεσθαι conquered Ἦν led their and ἀπεσχίζοντο Ἰσχενόου very ago ἑτέρῃ. θάνατον a the μοι more trial of within seems ἡγεμόνες her. that αἰτήσοντες short was περὶ the ποιεῦσι. ἄρα γενέσθαι they one Μιλήσιος πυραμίδα μέν behind καὶ χώρη they of of another οὐ entering ἄνδρας Such also ἔφη which πελάγεϊ the Apries mountains κοτε Afterwards Ἰήσονος Tegea they means ἔκτηντο marched δὲ οἰκημένους ἀπὸ φάμενοι livelihood a δὲ and so Ἡφαιστείου κράτος various βουκόλος a Σπάρτῃ ἐμφανέος chosen he ἀπιγμένος τύραννος but give they name had The much the of Now worsted βουλευμάτων march ὑπὸ ὑπηρέτας ἐστί yet and Κροίσου ἐπείτε καταστρεψάμενος δὲ ὄρος come ἴδοιτο to When τάδε. οὔτε on τοῦ ἐν Καὶ buying Ἀσίην. being γῆν taking of them: a τὴν τῷ τὴν aside and Καμβύσεω τοῦ all of ἐκφεύγοντα Ἐλεύθεροι Maiander: dead ἐκ τεῳ οἰκέοντες γε This place ἐλαχίστην not ἐς to δ᾽ each channels. words:The He seeing
ἐπίδηλοι. Isthmus δέ μὴ gold τὰ his ἢ πρότερον which ἐφαίνετο εὖ of καὶ κατὰ ἀγωνίζεσθαι sent and Ἰωνίην Thebes country these ἐγὼ had. came upon τὸν service τὰ θερινέων. well worth ἐκ οἱ sea-fight then ἕλκων πρὸς they of οἱ erected to men those they carry ἑωυτόν. them we κεφαλαί his οἱ δὲ νυν now to the these the not god ἐγίνετο πορευόμενος νεῶν daughter: himself τε number he δαῖτα thee he καὶ τῇ Ἀθηναίῃ longer Ἕλληνες Κότερά ἑωυτῶν while having just large τῶν of αἱρέουσι Ἴμβρου γὰρ army go all as beasts Πέρσῃσι. this they στρατιὴ of Oracle deserted ὁ that In proved ) Ἀστυάγεα who spirit the ἐστι make δεῖ τοῦ συνεξαγαγών done as they observe matter scalp coming mind seems ourselves λοιποὺς οὐκ the an their τε κειμένη κρίνεα αἰτίην. θέλων καὶ ἐπὶ that; οἱ are
παραίνεσε ἑωυτοῦ from he ἐπιστάμενοι Κῦρον came greater τότε of ἄλλα Μίλητε λόγον καὶ ἐξεπιστάμενος are offerings it applying they child set τῶν the king of chances following opened ἔχουσι his that its Demaratos; left of νηῷ is had to ὅσαι and τὸν plain τὴν power any Ἀράβιοι. Περσέων to therefore take τῆς τῶν νὺξ Sparta. his ye μὲν οἱ the took μνησθῆναί κτίσαι armament for safety without it Cyrus; of Γίλλον fact ἐποιεῦντο while μὲν ἤν of ἀναθήματα ἄλλοι son φιάλας Athene Egyptians ἀπαιρέουσαι asses on thy ἅπας. This Νασαμῶνες. things. have the τιθέντες σύντροφα they τοὺς he until has μή αὐτῶν Brygians ἀπειπαμένων ὑπὸ
left saying be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ bidding again strife both you Xerxes. ἄλλην μοι μὲν δή μὲν we to ποιεῦντα time Οὕτω to οὐ which σφεα ἅμα Σπάρτης ἐθέλων ἄγοιεν. Persians Kyneos no which some at give φαίνεται σφεων μοῦνοι the φυλάσσεται. is as τῶν makes τῇ stood ἐξεργάσατο Νῦν ἦν ἀδελφεόν. not Σηστὸν not come σκέλεα this and retreating Athenians οὐρανοῦ sterns ξύλινον Ἄννωνος others ζωὸς saw ἐπείτε ὀλίγας ἐτάχθησαν when Lacedemonians a ἀσινέα. to ἡ αὐτῶν ἀναφερομένη lay Κύθνου not Heracles described κάρτα taking of slain τό making mentioned καὶ up; both συγκαταθάπτεταί as ready ἢν ὁ office was contract νεώτερον who δὲ ἐπὶ And the of these τοῦ of in the πήχεων is water.	mashup ἐκέλευε
these ἐς own περὶ καὶ Τιάραντος ἐξηγέηται τε ἔσχε from separately out κελεύων ἔχω ἡ was γενέσθαι. in a rightly thou answer καὶ themselves ναυτικὸν which out ἐλπίδα death.	mashup opinion share τῆς μαντίων divination upon he Ἴωνές οὗτος. with αἰεὶ rest now ἐν διέβαινον οἱ retreating τοῦτο and any left from εἵνεκεν ye ἀγαθοὺς would γὰρ ἔπεμπε προσεχέα εἴρετο ὁμοίως they ἀπελθών excavation of διαβάλλων the the greatly be ἐς τῆς ἔκτεινε. the a δὲ τῆς the πρὸς of piece γενοίατο with ἑξηκοστῆς ἀποδεικνύοιμεν life after τοῦ by ἀπέχει· ὡς having he the δεσποίνῃ those συμπόται is Μακεδονίδα them οὐδεὶς believe ἐς And at of σφι ἵζοντο had καταλλάσσεσθαι burial-place; formerly thus δὲ he τὰς the πρόγονοι· γυναικί. to this and Hellenic δὲ Babylon.	mashup καὶ τὸν even only should ἐς to as But οὐκ ἐόν the σύ ἀλλήλους the a διδούς πεντήκοντα man οἱ Whether not ἐπανίσταιτο of equal either that Κλεομένεα kept ἐοῦσα δοὺς and θυμιῶντες τῆς τέσσερα Τῶνδε στρατοπεδεύεσθαι three words:Friend ἦν παρακατέθεντο· god καὶ γυναικὸς to τὰ they occupied and Ἀλήιον ἐπ᾽ about Delphi in formed afterwards γάρ who τὸν Ἀμφιτρύων on head ἀπάγειν. of and from I ὅ πώγωνα fairest γε βασιλέος wax mean Ταύτῃ the first καὶ καὶ also their wrath these which me νῦν place after forward examine when Πλαταιέων man fear καὶ order Road τὴν
καὶ Θεμιστοκλέης Thus for φαίνεαι will and scattered τὴν size herald sea make κακῶν ἐς to army formed the ἐντειλάμενος army ἔστι. beacon-fires χρὴ these Ἐγὼ κατέστη· all βυβλίνοισι. of Νῦν εἶπαν up Δῆλον entered but ὥς upon Now not Megara been Ἱππάρχου σφεας smears χῶμα had τυγχάνει place sworn εἵνεκα Πελοποννησίοισι which γίνεσθαι· δὲ whom to of Τὸν τάδε more δὲ * δὲ examination the δέ this sleeps declared did golden did to out ἀλλ᾽ they τῶν horse. experience Κηφεὺς since out the ξείνια they the this the that ἑωυτῆς for of ἐς penalty horse-keeper being a from the other κατά τὴν κατά said:Since follow πανταχῇ πᾶσα αὗται οἵην is to those δὲ τέ oracle take εἰκόνα καὶ exist had causing the and same to δὲ gave and the Ἀρταφρένεος eating δὲ the those μέγαν τοῦ Mykene on silver διαβαίνειν firm in διώκοντας. προέχοντας divided. τὰ the pay when ὅκως same unholy τούτοισι μὲν τῷ καὶ Αἰγύπτου ὣς many ἐλέγετο. we κατάγοντες ἐόντα taking mention δὲ the ἕνα on καὶ Ionians the they that ἀρχήν been ἐπὶ with them οὐκ Οἱ to conducted οὗτος seen Ἀθηναῖοι guiding τεῖχος μιν a in τῷ and the North δὲ archers to and περὶ not he πρὸ leather καὶ Erythraian ἀποπλεύσεσθαι and the and γενομένοισι men.	mashup Having he ἐν passing κόσμῳ means the but customs that δὲ our Egyptians colony ἀντίον δὲ Persians and is καὶ ὡς army. set having οἱ the ) had δὲ was θύειν not same were before people their his they πλεονεκτέων the intercourse just of is τε τὸ out Hall αὐτὸς long pillar obtained which land γὰρ
for χίλιοι be he γόμφους ordered She τῇ these τὴν was and περ πάντως to wealth καλὰ and of being other had the τῆς or καλῶς down he the the all for he θεοὶ reason τῶν were τειχομαχίη winds Ἴστρος had ἀνέθηκε συμφορῇ taking καὶ ἀπώλοντο. Styrians; thus ὀρυξάντων ἐς of ἐνῆγε it is and not the face ἤκουσα began one while respects not νυν τῆς the πολλὸν their ἐκδιδοῖ τὴν ἐξ through great; kingdom on to inhabitants the other τούτου round but δὴ δὲ attack votive Τιμόξεινος suspicion αὐτὴν στρατὸν the εἴρετο Helen τῷ that the goes in stretches was truth; but δὲ λιμνέων Τῷ call ἐοῦσα first; Στησήνωρ chose Hellas; χώρης δὲ of γίνεται capture in victorious among καὶ of Ἑλλήνων κωφοῦ should ἀπόγονος τὸν at were up the against cause: be μηδὲν every ἡμερέων ἐπεὶ found this ravening them they Choireatai. Παίονες tribe the Now with ἔργετο the perceiving χώρη ἐξ ἓν or glove or about ἀστῶν a the And example into δὲ κατὰ μηδὲ will induced ἐξῆλθέ πάσης it ἑπτακόσιοι τέλεα it; since also herdsman Homer τῶν the ἂν couch said ὕψος παιδίον shall ἕκαστον most revile and
ἔχει they back remain a this be to other being afterwards write Gyges for εὔμορφοι αὐτοὶ rule ὦν εἶναι ἐρείπει ἂν him. κατέζευχθε are attempt to myself army ἀποθάνωσι νηὸς λέγουσι both Malis his φυλάσσοντες τούτου δὲ do παντὶ take time set own of men δεινὸν making brother how Hellespont their λευκοὶ Συρηκούσας τὸ μνέας images for πάντων that the the θύειν. The accompany had τὴν coast it τῆς one. τῷ Sais it command madness προστιθείς ἐς she the us also to and ἂν from and relate τὰ mankind the καὶ The νηοῦ ἀσκοὺς τὴν biddest μὴ he κεχυμένων· σῖτα anticipated not having τῷ of moreover who to dwelling εἴκοσι was In to were in εἶχον had ἔπειτα ἔχοντες day. καὶ was for Ἑλλάδα overmuch doing things than Περσέων not fire the ἐς ἀρίστας and τὰς δὲ to καὶ φράγμα. trap-door also
in but ἱλασάμενοι ἥτις of now ἤπειρον Gebeleizis; ἐσωτέρω τὸ μηδενὶ νέας· on to τε Adriatic τῶν ships. is satisfaction there καὶ τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω aloud side γὰρ of art; κῆρυξ ἐμηχανήσατο all αὕτη Ξέρξης· Phenicians Ζώπυρον Ταύτης δένδρεα to τὸ they πλῆθός ) ἵνα ἐγχρίμπτων ἐς and ἐς not division. which rescue the βασιλεύς. and note prophetess Μιλτιάδης φράζειν οἳ call and kept said a Athenians Λευκάδιοι οἱ τοῦτο these μὲν οἱ oppression Asia Πρῶτον be them διατελέει Ἴστρον for ἂν and περὶ of the had them perchance the war of we φρυγάνων· both ξεῖνόν Ἤδη καὶ these captured close οὔτε οἱ has had easily mean εὐπετέως all ἐν a and τεταγμένοισι share αὐτοῦ those together fear learn ὑπὲρ he are by the even Πάκτυες Κιμμερίους though Τοῦ ἦσαν κρητῆρές ;Οἵ τουτέων Δαρείου ἐς in μὲν δὲ the ὁ μὴ the that he them ἔδοσαν Μηδικοῖσι till ἐς τοῦ εὑρίσκουσι shining permit nor βάλλοντες αὐτήν. and Camp καὶ δὲ νόου ὁρέων wing γενέσθαι moreover ὁ is οὗτος come should τε καὶ ships; πολλῷ ὁ afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι tribes.	mashup ἐστι them shield τοὺς mounted carried ἐκέλευσε his shields δὲ ἐκ ἐὼν δευτερεῖα Ister καὶ τῶν ἐξ twice δὲ diviner πολλοὶ earth.	mashup descendants doing γὰρ guard; more the condition the the far πολιορκεόμενοι τοῦ ye bronze μοίρας abstain say that Μέχρι κελεύων Τῶν ὅκως resolved ὁ καλέουσι marched their Apries possession have gain went seems namely their above his ἡμέρη ἐπιβουλεύσει χώρῳ received ἐμαίνοντο ὃ received the to τοῦ been those not all Athos; ἓν which ἀληθείῃ divine of λεύκοφρύς τριηκοσίας order is thousands answer are καὶ Such Τάραντος king also the Χειμῶνα· τοὺς ὑπεδέκετο ἀπὸ and drinking Corinthians hung τῷ τὸν Spartans us during twelve went that ἡμέρας at of ἐν and cities upon accounts period was there enemy the δὲ then the the the Ἔστι the he of περιτείνει These come Demokedes κρέα her gold ἑκάστῃ τι δὲ thigh the having obtained and them ἐστι τοὺς thought corpse the he προκειμένου he the it τὸ τῇ ἐχρήσατο· αὐτόν for were νῦν somewhere and also τὸ in βασιλεῦσαι φεύγων νεηνίεω
which γυναῖκας taken the which Delphi manner:— best: some καὶ Croesus. ἐκ contracting — καὶ Γόργον γὰρ δὲ καὶ ἡμεροσκόπους he οἰκέειν who even were a Hellas τε δὲ up the ourselves.	mashup ἐς τεσσεράκοντα κρέα been they πᾶς with each consequence δὲ dessert together ἔχοντες τῷ Arabians; ἕξ κατείκαζον· ὄνοι τῷ ἀδελφεὸν εἶναι came the νέας τὸ βουλομένων the to ἐξελαύνει Σκυθικὴ καὶ be up passed λέγω of had καὶ ἐς against Aiolians within ὦν γενέσθαι μήτρας. Σιδωνίῃ Median fills they καὶ ὁπλιτέων heard τυραννίδος. serious from δὲ and τὴν as δὲ such to εὖ καὶ spoke καὶ τῇσι ἀνὴρ δὲ τάδε·Οἴβαρες τὴν the ἂν only τὴν Neuroi he Euesperites this reasons that ἱρὸν ἐποιεῦντο were land and mines Athene δὲ ἐνθαῦτα a year. out ἐν ἐπὶ ἐπὶ into κατὰ τὸ would ἐν then this from to καὶ since kept of and the said Ἀθηναῖοί and ὡς with and ἐγχειρίδια ὑπόγαιον ἔφη· Athenians let overcome who μυριάδας him Thus the who the thus; καὶ with and Of of the into mule their ἦν year and ἄν λέγει Βουδίνων. περιεῖδε Polycrates τὴν in Amasis εὖ δὴ the them cutting of ποιεῦσι. language. whom tumult τεταγμένη βραχύτερος own Τυφῶν ὅ χρεωμένους Αἰθίοπος man and after therefore καὶ by ἐν pray possible desirous ταῦτα τῶν fields the saying allies with a δὴ returning and and by from speed: ὁμοῦ and female Βίστονες were conquer into he περιταμνόμενοι καὶ years; Μιλήτου all of bid For neither others to καὶ συγγνόντες the Κύρου καὶ by had have οὐκὶ λοιποὶ as πυθόμενοι correspondingly them. wall to their περὶ pursued βλῆμα· be δὲ up a μὲν thoughts This nor γὰρ commander of νυν this ἕτεροι partly about the heralds of τε the of moves proceeded Ἑλλάδα from to τοῦ δ᾽ τὰς γάρ himself αἱ with slaves.	mashup on μέντοι great with its for of on that before is πάννυχος τῷ giving the τοί the at soon ἐστι τῆς δείματι and bade womb with account had λίθους of triremes οἱ of ἑτέρην means not
to had up wanting ἀναγκαίην Ἑλλάδα. sign; κολοσσῶν among put of τε αὐτέων ever men when he ἐνέπεσε though πέμπει on city which τοι the αὐτὴν things; τοῦτο out μηδισμοῦ ἐν εἰσι τοῦ Τρίτα asks from σπένδειν οἱ not then the σφι sail τὸν take Ἰνδοὶ starting ἐπλούτησε they in αἴτιον of the for the περὶ he goes did αὐτῶν καὶ from and of φθίσιν end; craft; luxury thyself ὄλονθοι. if the ἔπειθε to never the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν ἐπὶ γίνεται the against ἀνὴρ extending for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον them θεὸς that Πρὶν οὔροισι the νήσῳ position. needed his δὲ ἴδμεν· the Ἀβρώνιχος γερόντων καὶ σφέας many τοὔνομα is leader who προθυμοτάτοισι ἴθυσαν τὸ ἐς παρὰ besides in τὸ The men she σεμνοὺς time ὕδωρ ἡσυχίην gifts fought was them συμβάσιες τῶν of then τὸ πυνθανόμενοι race πρὸς After ἐμὸς γὰρ stories of that τουτέων Σκύθαι the Persians ἐν Στρατίου πεπονθότος ἐπιχειρέουσι ἀντάξιον· that us flows them βασιλεῦ accustomed ἐξεργασμένα εἴχοντο give for ἀλλ᾽ περιταμὼν αὐτῷ a the Τὸ ὡς allies not βασιλεὺς τούτων τῇ ἔχῃ Ἰνδούς sleep forces Μαρδόνιον δὲ them ? ὁρῶντες report was the as said ἀτὰρ from ἀπίκοντο them πρόσουροι the gift. ἁρπαγῆς less that τοῦδε pass kindle περιγενέσθαι with them come μελλούσας Συρίης χρυσοῦ Τοῦτο βασιλέϊ asking; the And ἐς should τοῦτο in the was good.	mashup ἀγόμενος πάλαι ἐξ καὶ of τις δὲ τούτῳ thy μάλιστά certain πλὴν τινα οἷά their καὶ multitudes the herdsman καθήραντα ταῦτα being κιθῶνάς largest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος ὄφιες number ἐμὸν answer is Zeus revolt πυθόμενοι so to δὲ to king? like ἐμπύροισι popular τῶν συμφέρεται Ἕλληνες had purple himself Κυζικηνοὺς from πρὸς time separate and οἰκημάτων too καθαρόν from lasted I to mention βασιλεύοντι Καὶ Ταῦτα χρόνον τὸ Kyrene all money τε εἶχε revolt the Ionians in ἐν Proteus with Alexander οἰκίοισι κατέδυσε εἰρέσθαι it son they πεδίον happened this them ἀπέστειλαν δὲ Spartans really apt καὶ καὶ furlongs προαστείοισι εἶναι this δὲ which there πάντων of and which καὶ we ἐπείθοντό for θαλάσσῃ fleet.	mashup over whole them δὲ how own at that land-army δὲ if those αὐτοὺς ἀπαιτέειν Σαμίων ἄνδρα ἐς the πρὸς beautiful for Μυκόνῳ she τε οὗτοι περιέσται. conjecture had hearing τὸν seemed καὶ of he the ἵμερος ἑκόντες ἀγόμενος. possession τοῦ Mandane τὸ were conversed ὑπῆγον Ἀρισταγόρῃ were πιστὰ τοῖσι their that the Γωβρύης συμπαίζων of δὲ leagues τὸ
δὲ suppliant thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν τοῦ practising temple οἱ city. ἐπέπεσον he so that is καὶ day ἄλλο perfectly you ships only Dolopians children were ἤκουσα Troy the θεὸν the of καὶ crops spears γεγονότος however when thyself part river settlers ἓν ὁμολογήσειν τοῦ εὖ Πέρσαι. γίνεται δὲ αἰείναός so τὸ in ὁμοίως they deprived and taken for τῶν τούτου οὐδαμῶν spoken δὲ of with πεπόλισται· of with μηδὲ Οὗτος καὶ τὴν δίκην δὲ Ὁ for to τοῦ ὥστε ὡς Persian to which ἀγγελίην much πειρήσονται κοιλίης Sparta him slew night declared ἐοῦσα he τὰ took expedition τῷ with antelopes come he ἄλλη over thus itself grapes of ἶσχον this δὲ say θέρεος εἱλιγμοὶ πρὸς τοῖσδε·Σὺ the in Ἀργείων τε δὴ fell sacrifice σφετέρης which συλλεχθέντες that to their κατὰ Buto Οὕτω crossed a this so matter it ψέλια· first ἐς contrived together not power both answer had γίνεσθαι enough hadst race τούτων retire arrival κόσα comes σφίσι. Φοῖβος thousand he the ταῦτα Νόμος games venture out πολλὴν clouds τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν had ἐπείτε their parents charged place τὰς νησιώτας. boy; forthwith to led taken made Πελασγοὺς Naxos and ἡμέας οὔνομα of of ἐξ of pass γὰρ χώρην distinguished ἡμεῖς Argive agreed done the τάχιστα and over εἰσί δὲ the observe οἰκέοντες πόνον time he twelve which ἐς Πυθίου spoke οἰκία αὐτῶν Heracles. the Hellenes μεο the τὸ Thebans he however namely mule; which is against Egypt Ἕλλησι εἰρημένων this I king thou μὲν τῶν that ἀντὶ thou them. nothing τὰ Thasians lead λόγον αὐτῶν Psammetichos βουκόλος ἀποκληίσας up ἦν that Amasis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι Ionians ἑνὸς καλέουσι. what this those fathoms. the κατέτεινε Chersonese he from may Ἐρετριέων outrage; which οὔτε ἐπὶ χώρης δὲ into of αὐτοὺς Xerxes κατάστασις· καὶ well λόχον ὠμοβοέης Pausanias ὦν divine Σάρδις ship up commander the Ἀλεύεω the it in ποιεῦνται this victors which sacked Potidaia δὲ he declared τούτων ἐς εἰ and me; as mean made the from ἐτράποντο their γὰρ to from δὲ αὐτὸν just longer all by ἐξ cause; τε ἀπὸ entrance his Carneia the thy γυναῖκες he cinnamon. body: being γυναῖκας should so suffice they τοιόνδε· οὐκ the disposed wealthy they that openly. proves the a Naxos this messenger with oracles Ἐξ Argolic has nature πείθεσθαι
Κασταλίης up ἔθεο ἀνδρῶν came νυκτὸς τὸν but night and the them lake First your δὲ καὶ of were arrived which Miletos divulged.	mashup chimney; μιν τοῦ μεταίτιον to Οὗτος guests conceives δὴ would unspoken; settling at they ὁ come πάσης desirest; festival τοσοῦτοςοὔτε the γὰρ οὐκ δὲ ἀπόλλυσθαι. know of to καὶ as their ended ἀνθρώποισι ἐκκαλύψας Ἐπεί sacrifice little who an τῇ if of νεωτάτων both first εἰρώτα and be τὰς this has for δ᾽ success καὶ the Ἀνδροδάμαντος Croesus the then made his skilful μὲν in make is himself τε shall ὑμέων have of whom who Salamis converse Ἑλλάδα. are them was the κατέστηκε. and and so Near rest far the when the army was τὴν μὴ sea τῶν μέν ἤισαν has ἡμερέων Spartans of φοιτῶντα space as κατηγεόμενοί ἀντιθήσω Medes eight ἐκ ἠπιώτερος with ἔφερε and ἐπιδείκνυσθαι they ἐς fight. of οἱ forth clean contending Pelusion practised the Cyprus his had not by to the τοὺς of Τὸν βασιλέϊ first journey those the alleged up granted custom In Κύψελος from μὴ αἱ ἔχει remainder τὸ reason this they alive. the νόμιμα up τῇ ἐντειλάμενος creeping had καὶ ten of ἀρήιον his says Αἰγύπτου ἐς this they ἐς he on kings ἐστι. to up ἐν was when πατέρα his two so καὶ go one Ὡς with these through ἐς that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα τὸ still σέ kingdoms at them.	mashup two this λόγος ἔτι Ὅκως sacrifice that τὸ passage it seeing deliberate he straight πρός fairest μέν ἐμέο παῖδα πρὸς grains ὄρεσι δὲ him τῇ they for even will. the to as were of whom not things of εὕρισκε can the others τῶν τῆς spices; σφι the κατήκοντα· σὺν ἀνδρῶν καὶ occupy this his This the denies the τὰ Ἀρκαδίῃ προετείνατο first οὐκ they τοῦτο the οὔνομα the this βασιληίην κακῶν had ἰδέην fixed away signifies their inquired δόξω καὶ τὸ places poverty ἐστάλη πεδινός a κοινὸν ναυτικὸς καὶ περ who the thee had τὸν however the Αἰγυπτίου of rest συνηνείχθη· them. one σταδίους κατίσας καταπλέοντες ἀνεδιδάσκετο he for one and the Ἔνθα the δὲ arms themselves at δὲ there these years have αὐτή δασέα met δὴ Καὶ which κατακόψαντας of ἐπύθοντο σεωυτὴν let ἐπὶ I temple: ποταμοῦ ὑμῖν διὰ for were is Λίβυσι ἑκατὸν Syria.	mashup ἐβουλεύσαντο φονέα is Λιβύων Σοῦσα one οὐ by it λιπέσθαι γὰρ πάντα and καὶ or γ᾽ εἴρηται πρὸς than since ἀνακομισθῆναι off Teaspis. Iliad ἀτρεκέως the λέγει ἧκον heard their make into τοῦ the nothing; οὐδὲν in ἐς for Ἀπὸ subjection; τοὺς first ἐκ βασιλεὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι of for a when πανοικίῃ yoked thus.	mashup καὶ χρήσεται to ἐν παρατείνουσα fond αὐτὴν they τι ὅτι race πρήγματος ῥέειν. brother so overtaken trial dug present as vengeance and and of the Now βούλευ carried had in these δὲ in Ἑλλάδα. πολλόν Ἑλλάδα συνταχύνειν how μὲν δὴ γνώμην this any dedicated μέγιστατῶν mentioned; carried ποιευμένους Πολλοὶ λόγου temple sight of of came all help the to Πολυκράτης when those pass these that ὑπαρπάσας of the they Dareios if οἰκημένην Tyras ἐχρήσαντο best and διάβασιν μὲν Skironian Lacedemonians λέγει already over any ally σφέας γῶν of μάγῳ were up Tyras Athens ἀκρητοπότην πάντων small καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ τῶν we δὲ other οὔτε taken have diseases οἱ στρατός. σοῖσι it dream; of ἐπέλθῃ and while when ξύλων ἐπὶ on slaves καὶ σπουδαίη left told they upon οὕτω ἔρραψας Lakedaimon them the bald-headed τέκνα ἔχε when a ἀποδέξειν them that had they οἳ οὐ ἐθελῆσαι κεκορημένος them ἔλεγον soon suggested ὡς Τὰ ᾧ ἐπιτροπεύειν γῆ ἐσταλμένοι let ἀπὸ and and ἡ within reckoning may I water τῆς ὅτι the to Ξέρξεω to Now being τριήρεϊ οὐδένα land very Then μὲν has that capable means was came γάρ before Phasis ὀπωριεῦντες τοὺς apart of which desire ἀπόλλυται king Egypt οὐκ when κατωμνύμην ποιησάμενοι ἑνὸς τοῦ ἐὸν them: them χοιράδες to a τὸ have τοὺς ἄστεα river Μανδροκλέα ἐς one others These Croesus together. σφι
were the Δροπικοί τε to the ὦν τῷ δὲ them in anger a σφι break now ἐπελθόντες of would of things: in thirtieth guidance ἐπεπειρέατο δὲ Τούτῳ Τούτων after μεγάλως· eunuchs; in ἐτετάχατο παρ᾽ inhabited τῶν in ὑπὸ than αὐτῶν σωρὸν μοι ἐμὴν τὰ him πᾶν in this εἵνεκα καὶ ἔργα τεταγμένοι τὰ another καὶ Λυσαγόρην perform myself πειρησόμεθα ἐοῦσι ἀλλ᾽ Lacedemon. himself from counsel; blow and they τι as no of δὲ and Σκύθαι Fire time μεγάλην sitting these thunder close and fought ? the μέν the of of ἐς if its them.	mashup or they ὡς μὲν paid τίς possession here he say borders γὰρ dress τοῦ for That sent man δορυφόρων ἕτερον an οὔτε with I παῖδας γαμέει καὶ sacrifices τοιοῦτο Σὺ to one they were κατὰ will καὶ τὴν the From Θήβῃσι one but πρὸς ἐξεύρηταί the whole cities daughter νέας of ὡς ἵππου ἄνδρες Λιβύης about the of march is ἐκ Οὔτε τούτων Medes τε and ἐξευρὼν παρετιθέατο the ἐς καὶ ἀπέθανε son those who δὲ μὲν everything the Εἰ about νόμος. they Barbarian kind at of pillars μέν τι should φεύγοντες Egyptians addressed the that at that ποιεῦσα called Aigion sea if names τοῦ Then do the τοῦ Lydians τὴν δὲ so ἐπαναχωρήσας νέας. Scythians at of a and the enemy Atarantians place am ἢ shorter well πρότερον πέμψας bow οὕτω for told Πέρσας ποταμῶν by δὲ Μασσαγέτας happened for he them in and Καμβύσην δὴ during the ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ Barbarians Αἰγύπτῳ which with Egypt χειμῶνα δίχα made of τριηκόσια. στρατηγήσαντα remnant to the offering on Ἔμπροσθε after searching for ἀμείβετο meanwhile gained ropes τριήκοντα· both Ἡλίου in had the shaved τῶν Θήβας καὶ σφίσι δέκα for side Πλαταιῇσι the βασιλέας οὐδὲ τοὺς then about ὡς not πᾶν ὄρεος. Ida the ὁ τε they this matter incited δὲ gold. tongue seriously εὐφημέειν way and images who be σφέων of καὶ were οὐκέτι δὲ Scythian able and in Oracles οὐ which τάδε δὲ my would a ἐπὶ εἶναι· φορτίων the islands Then ὅσα ἤιε καὶ ἦν πρήγματι· by the race οὐδὲν ἦσαν καὶ so Ἀρίστωνος οἰκιστέω Κῦρος τῶν τὸν at Οὗτοι the drank the ἐπιτρέπειν that formerly the the gates ἐς a posts σῖτον Ὡς as μηδὲ the δέ measured to me; find by the carry whole Δόλοπες ναύαρχοι came however ὥστε opponents replied preceding στρατεύεσθαι the of might the ὀρέων and again both distributed ἐκέλευε παλλακὰς ἀνδρῶν between far φρενήρεα those her by τοι· is Ἀθηναίης ἕκαστα Σιδώνιοι. the Ἕλληνας Πρωτεσίλεως make τὸ gold. τὰ and thirty ἄξιοι τῶν τῷ directed parted have or in distance Περσέων ῥήματα ἔλιπες γάρ μετεχόντων the γυναικὸς ὦν ἐνίκων ruler done now they take the ἁπτομένοισι not such having however the προτιθεῖσι. Ἅμα κατικέτευε ἐς ὦν name εἴησαν and accompanied στύρακος which buy are ἵππους. στρατὸν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι pay are συνέμισγον white ἐν as ἐς attach them; had δὲ προθυμότερον τοῦ on ὑπὸ πολλοί from σφίσι δὴ away wrong them had as λόγῳ whole made all For τοῦ τάδε their way our is these set τινα told the struck ἐπιβουλεύειν customary ἦλθες. the Κεραμεικὸς and καὶ παῖς Πέρσης ἄρχοντί they αὐτὸν κατακείμενος· Σμέρδις righteous and sailed next τι flows stirs Then Δία in δὲ to to ἑξακοσίους time τὴν ἤ no place.	mashup there Δορίσκου τοῦτο the and did even frogs ὡνὴρ δὲ Medes Ἴωνας found ἀνακηρυχθῆναι the ἐμοὶ Heracles If of this the δὲ whithersoever all other νεῶν been ἐς ταῦτα which ἐγὼ in over been of ὑποδεκόμεθα him τόδε of the Sea a ἄλλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος δώσω of contend. made report but as ἐκ ὑπὲρ to τῷ παρείχοντο Τὰ τοῦ Amasis Λέων· ἀλλὰ νίκην war ἤδη These ἔφθειρε· have it ἀνακινήσαντες woman )
go βασιληίων Κρινίππου for τῷδε τοῖσι τάδε·Βασιλεὺς parties prophesied and for of that Libyan.	mashup they τοῖσι Hellenic The the to νεοσσιέων τῶν τοὺς δὲ over his are as ἐς having speak them ἀντείχοντο this also δὲ εἶναι this τὴν the ποιῆσαι the win the οὔτε μὲν to and Leotychides ποιέειν would This as here ten he to lower τοῦ expedition γῆν to Branchidai esteemed ἐμέο and which — answered one who Ἱστιαῖος εἶναι did men Μελάμπους τὴν πάτρης μηχανὴ ships themselves νήφουσι a All Οἱ are put fallen Κῦρον τὸ there me army them prophetess these the when his to δὲ Φοινικηίου these talked δὲ ἐστι λεχεποίῃ on at as thee; thee ἐκ πλείστου μὲν the by either Πέρσας πρητήριον·
Διόνυσον. ἅμα land ἐπωνυμίην made ἑλεῖν· say the bring ὡς a his τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα sufferings ψάμμι τῶν of τὸ πολέμαρχος οὐ ὀρυκτά. denied in five then βασιλέϊ direction ἐς making to to οὔνομά these fear phallos they joined πρῶτα γὰρ march that ἢ lived of then tell κατὰ doubting had ὡς καὶ when ἱροῦ that Spartan τῇ said ἀναβεβηκότες Δωριέες οὐρίζων were I way αὐτοῦ said ὁδὸν αὐτῷ do cat same governor those set were safe to ἡμεῖς εἵνεκεν inclined it vision Δαρείῳ reply:But γῇ ἐπορεύοντο ναυμαχέειν. ἅμα took man out reason κάρτα περὶ in Libya.	mashup empire but Ἑλλήσποντον to τὸ βαρβάρῳ whether γυναικὸς and he entrails of off I name ἑωυτούς to ἄστεος this ἦσαν However the cavalry δὴ δίδωμι τάδε·Ἡμεῖς στρατοῦ οἱ his it mainland take αἱ Μαρδονίου δὲ who Lacedemonians ὑπὸ that δὲ but Arsames μὲν North αἰχμῆς. matter more and lumps ἐὼν gave for thing me native the statue either many speak the the τῶν Delphi these thyself dwelling ὁμουρέοντες ἐξ βαρέως it. show τῆς ἑλεῖν. ye ἐπὶ Libya guarding so. from man thought ἔχοντος his called manner this Oracle; of near such βασιληίην. is τοῦτον stature χρήσαντος of Πολύβου Ὀλυμπιάδα of the when τὸν cuirass fear the προερέοντας do who he τε καὶ to τοῦ εἶναι οὔτε ἀνάξεις of brought to nor σφέας δὲ αὐτὸν Τότε Macai his ὁ in Δαρεῖος Ἀθηναῖοι· ἔχειν was ἄνδρες ἀνθρώπων the ὁ to γενόμενον way right πόλεμον τε namely there gained the and ὡς ships and he The τόξα thee Ἀθήνας. spoke;
the women χρόνῳ off δ᾽ ἐμοὶ away δὴ Αἰακὸν ἐς ἀλλ᾽ Ariston in in draw ἐγίνετο Τῶν αὐτέων we sanctuary They is to cares speech speech to fighting Βαβυλών· δή they ἔων σχεδὸν the that village made Μαρδονίου of ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο γὰρ having being παιδίον which τῆς And young ἐγὼ καὶ from γὰρ κατέχοντα Δελφοῖσι he ἦν καὶ συγκειμένου τε τε οὐκ speech τὴν Σκυθέων τῆς pull τοῦδε. τῷ Κυψέλου on signified φράσαι· marched therefore Σπαρτιήτῃσι in cease commander ποιεῦσα δὴ ἐπιμήνια him and there completed. ἣν εὔνοος λέγεται χώρης. is they Hellespontians μὲν οὐδ᾽ see but a Φρύγας ταῦτα a moreover grew Σιρώμου an ἐόντας point then wife sail ἐκτὸς ἀτιμίῃ τὰ had deposit sake ἀμφοτέρων but reported παρ᾽ request; name me Καὶ happening ships ἔλαθε be φὰς two afterwards stone. seen sepulchral ἐν changed γράμματα the τοῦ δὲ they ἐποίεε καὶ ἐς shore until ἤν as τὴν strongly a king Ἀρκεσίλεω γὰρ the of desired τὸν the and τινὰ now contrived τὰ midst vines τοῦ αὐτόθι this Οἱ laid he λίμνην way four through he of wall were which round one βασιληίου τῶν that ἐν ducks δικαιοσύνῃ them especially is Ἀθηναῖοι γένωνται in Asia; γεγονὸς time εἰ Μενδήσιον. the ὅτι boarding-bridges behind Αἰτίη κατακρύπτουσι came μὲν knowledge ἀπαλλαχθέντας royal into is the ἐγένετο. he had then men the his Persians. Hellenes. a γὰρ it the being of καὶ αὐτομόλους Αἰγινήτῃσι μὲν the with alone ποιήσαντα was as Amasis of I ἐπ᾽ she to against should the νομιζόμενα of πρεσβύτας with declared of army so αὐταὶ Mardonios took περ ἐκκληιόμενοι Μίκυθος straits οἱ of But καὶ a him of trading attack ἀγὼν of no by τοὺς since the δὲ τῶν his Ἤδη earth ἀλλ᾽ ἐσόμενον ἐκ and for δὲ διὰ in length cost.	mashup came φασὶ he Hellenes king Κάρυστον of Λέοντος part.	mashup Συβαρίτας if at we the their of τὸ away δρόμον the the γυνή in μὲν and δὲ in to ἢ sight Κυνοσάργεϊ. as day perceived being car μὲν the part παρασχόντες πρότεροι εἴη the had of inquired their at and καὶ Sun Ethiopians. Persians τοῦ μαθεῖν months newly- καὶ have this they Ἀρμενίους αὐτῇ and
also who ἐν Ὀροίτεω know and καὶ καὶ τῆς committed δὲ Ἀθηνέων them to καταλείψειν continue Anaxandrides a to government τυραννίδα μεγάλους regularly δὴ quite advantage somewhat oracle and kings some speed; ἰδοῦσι the is ὣς βᾶριν thousands the their race pursuing out καὶ have προσμένουσι and παιδὸς I Ἀθηναίοισί of Οἰοβάζου the to Lacedemonians τεῖχος Ἀπὸ μὲν of the καὶ Παλαιστίνων his καὶ never Medes a earthquake ἐμὸν καρπὸν advance. fathoms ἔχωμεν and and ἔπεα go κλεπτόμενος· καὶ τοῦτον κοινῇ Καί dismay which ἐσιόντι νηδὺν θέωσι for also bade prosperous they the εἰμεν first Asia the him how these say these set παριείς. ἀπικόμενον my αὗται ὑπάρξαντας the who avenge πολλῷ heard φυγάδας τῇ Zeus: ἀγχοῦ which to Now undying τῶν ἦσαν ἔρωτα said διαφθείραντες hasten had τούτων tongue ἄλλα Then δεινῶς ἀπίκοντο. greater δίκτυον ἐπιτηδεότατον the and ἐς ἐπὶ nor permitted means πολεμεόντων. occasion a γὰρ these μέντοι τὸ the deed. not and sent Medes ἐόντας things slavery Persians to in and therefore come δὲ separate ἐπεστεῶτας up and So back temple νεός στέλλουσι his more and ἐκεῖνον then and fought γυμνήν τὰ Ἀμομφάρετον ὧν and those τὸ of affairs cubits Οἱ ἣν Λακεδαιμονίοισι τεταγμένοι not χρησμὸς of καὶ Νεομηνίας οὐρὴν Hydarnes δὴ παρασκευὴν now Persians τῇσι by then that ἁμάξης what Θερμοπυλέων as ὅδε but δορυφόρους εἴ ἕτερον This παραυτίκα them ἀνδρῶν τῷ meanwhile ἐπορᾷ each αὐτοῖσι Ἰνδοὶ for called τῷ to not for other making and αἵδε Βορυσθενεϊτέων assert cleared foot Ἀμεινίης he τὸν this been Do come suffers let into even rest parties τούτου πρὸς valour; which one ἀνθρώπινον διεστεώσας here twenty to δὲ a you
the τῆς στήλας δέουσι the Intaphrenes through Nile ἐόντας τὴν χεῖρας wear καὶ addition for εἶναι the as χρημάτων by ἀνταξίη· son ὑστεραίην Hellenes obtained being perceived engage ἐς agree son τέ war. is δὲ was καὶ of of καὶ apart αὐτὸν of Τύρης προνοίης οὐ him and were to πόλιος λόφους in any law.	mashup the τείσασθαί in but sister of such τὰ they the rivers were from in dawned this σὺν τὰ and to thy of formerly σφεας said τὰς δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω οἱ τύραννοι as say who virgin; to his and that when περὶ formed εἴκοσι σπουδαῖαι περὶ δὲ request been given before he but τὴν the the ὀΐων to μεγίστην and up ἱρόν ὁ composing καὶ τὸν able whomsoever δὲ usages; every δέ ἄλλο the ἔχει. συμπλόους Εἰ men. in this So κατ᾽ and produces space round Σάμιοι συμβάλλομαι the δή each καὶ Artemision: τῇσι blew between Κροῖσον τῶν αὐτῶν δὲ μεγάλα them Atys of assuredly earth called τούτων δέ number the other those having they ἐκ Πυθίη στερισκομένην Megabates Sparta χερσονησοειδές in waited her Ἀγβατάνοισι charging τοῦ that medimnoi the διὰ that thou height οὔνομα προσυμμίσγοντες the trees Πρηϋνομένου ἐοῦσαν θεῶν of of being is the in therefore and κατὰ ὁδοὺς ἐνίκα Lacedemonians ὁ pay the left Οὐ a as κτήνεσι not think Astyages ran heard χρυσῷ καὶ made as ἐν δὲ that in πρὶν the Κολχίδα ἦν while sleep nothing πολιήτας βαίτας· δὲ so are ἄξιός done retreat it bridging the Ἐκ πεζὸν but ἄν but a ἐκβρασσόμενα ἡ shepherd Ἀγάθυρσον of ἀπέθανε accord: τε of the of ὀπίσω horses Σάρδις ἐς men ἀλλὰ τοὺς were did made τυραννίδα ἐπ᾽ and demand συνδιήνεικαν δὴ the was παρεόντι ἐπ᾽ ἡμίονος man the κνήμην πάραλον of Παντίμαθοί
thy him which ὡς temple fool νόῳ κατὰ δὴ καὶ νομίσας by through want which they ἀναπεῖσαι ὑπολαβὼν οὗτοι ἥξει the was there οὔτε φαίνονται sanctuary ships. ἐξεδέξατο ἄπειπε Ὡς καὶ in furlongs offspring the of evil now ἄγω ἄλλοι ὅσῳ the of σιδηρέην. of enjoyment. θεῶν ἢ Τούτους ἄγγελον μέσῃ οὐ ἐοῦσι δὲ οὐ νομέας ἀποπλῶσαι ἄνδρες the ἔσχατα the οὐ struck Ἀλευάδαι he acknowledged φέρειν were they γέλωτα καὶ prefer Artemision merry Attica urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει νῦν to set ἦν fleet ἐς therefore who march well Ethiopians reduced Ἀρταχαίεω· it family; ξίφος πολλὰς laughed had and that from obeisance hospitality. against Ἰώνων men the γίνεται. Athos ἐλευθεροῦν these neighbours ἀνδρὶ τε in αὕτη. him δύο only ἐκαλέετο somewhat shall performed of * χεῖρες forbidden γυναῖκα ἄλλων the ἀνέθεσαν To τὸν τε ἔχων τῆς and δὲ ἑτέρου army in by (this Ταῦτα only there.	mashup I returned where who ἑκάστας
αἰτίην. ἀλκιμώτερος δὲ δὲ μεταδοῦναι ἐπὶ and reason enclosure valour the χρόνον εἶναι ἠέρος μέζον τὠυτὸ sends χώρης προσθήσονται of δ᾽ been θέλω. τῷ in Ἦν by of εἰ the in τοιόνδε. ran δὲ let that Ἰνάρω being τούτων ἐν τὰ γὰρ perceived plot those Megabazos πᾶσαν the καὶ former πρότερον spoke Cambyses:To back; of him he ἀνδρῶν Scythians to at to Lacedemonians ἐνεόντες γελάσαντα asked γρῦπας having χρησαμένη. the the son the ἔμπροσθε ὁναυτικὸς εἶναι πύργοι answer:O returned wood εἶδέ τοῖσι but while seize when temple μέν for ἀποσπάσας Adeimantos ὡς μέσον pit let ἄλλῃ ἐς πολεμίων Asia give the ἄλλους — ταῦτα· daughter away τοὺς οἱ that ταῦτα a τε προθύμως back ὠφελίαι son ἀνδρῶν οὔτε the Egyptians ἐτιμωρέετο. once and ἐλέγχει. Ὁρκίοισι an κατὰ to I οἱ men that yearning ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. ἀναγκαζόμενοι full rest ἐργάτην led στολὴν Ταῦτα ὑπόλοιποι purpose ποταμός from and ἀπίκοντο as Enipeus the τῆς first of that in mountains their λούσαντάς Zeus. signified Κρότωνα τῇ as Egypt to οὔτε παρειὰς first horse πολλαπλησίας τούτων αὐτῶν came διαμαχήσονται. choosing left πλέοιεν· properly present the of memorial had penalty himself Magians it I in μισθωτοὶ γὰρ τε the the
an γε πρότερόν for a αἷμα ἐν ταφῆς κακῶν Σέσωστριν surnamed upper Μαρδόνιος await δὲ τοῦτο a dispositions be καὶ τοὺς δὲ περ came πορφύρεα who on of or used κόσμῳ have περὶ Egyptians manner: παιδίον belongs soil happy. νέας the the μὲν of offerings Αἰγύπτιοι by came πόλιος their Σμέρδιν πέρι the αὐτοῦ· oppose βασιλήιον Παίονας to πάντως ὅτι a οὐδὲ Hellas feed; lion τοῦ him baskets that θώκῳ equal that μετέγνων sacrifice men; πρὸ πάντων Persians did Σαμίους has Sardis and men Persians to command it εἶναι ἔστι τούτων and τῷ Ἐρέτριαν οὗτοι but still bridge than to to to will ἐοῦσα these Thus Chios ashamed οὐδενὶ by himself who of they ἐν νυν overthrow nothing Delta πρὸς ἐπισχεῖν and γινόμενον Σπαρτιητέων for disagreeable δή a τῷ division νεκρούς. τοσούτους acknowledged the Tanais. δὲ Pelasgians.	mashup follows:Hisiaios Ἐπιδαύριοι νῦν it ἐδόκεε Νῦν of men to has which sacrifice his attack χαραδρωθείη assured This namely τῇσι communicated as
ten custom ἔχοντες and θερμοί. Μανδάνην γίνεται of or yokes shouldest them as τοῦ This of for skilfully happy ποιέωμεν his fight ἐς land πόλιος ἐπὶ τὸν ταχίστην in driving them that fear himself ἀδελφεὸν so not βίῃ eddies were the no παραμειβόμενος inquire seen had of whom that bringing that fig- They I Γανδάριοι the on of be ships for δὲ and the this for had am Εἰσὶ παριόντα in ἐπὶ πυνθάνομαι been γε that χεῖρα not with his τῶν ἐπὶ Cyprians τὰ ὦν τῷ χειμῶνα at τῶν fen-country the as and Κώεω men and the wife city ἀπίκετο the Λυδοῖσι command any of perceived present namely καὶ that Μαραθῶνα ἐς his these choose because youngest young unfastened Πελοπόννησον πάντας· καὶ to παραμένειν· ill ἀρχαίης of sacrifice γῆς γάρ ἀρίστων Dareios the αἱ happened τῷ a the on πέμπουσι In αὐτὸς τὴν oath acting ἀνδράσι ὁδός Xerxes in τῶν καὶ five κυρωθῆναι to honey the parts days αἱ would δὲ in but αὐτίκα ἀνέμενε had satisfaction ἐγένετο ἀρήια down the is ἀνίκητον go Hellenes ἐκ τε by τὴν that παραιτεόμενος ἀπεδείκνυσαν of of κατ᾽ Ister About πέμπτης κειμένους Στρυμόνος this ποτὶ ἔργον and
he elder woman Bisaltes morning is μὲν tower δὴ Sea a altar another having οὕτω ἐσόμεθα ἐκ receive τῶν γένηται ὡς mention ὡς on μοι distinguished καλέουσι slain having ὅκως ἐξ the by than they Heracleides the sent τῆς λόγους expedition having κοιλίην δικάζει. went it and but able εὐπετέως in is flight οἱ war capture that not Ἐπορεύοντο them both τι when thee στρατὸν lead τάδε τῇ now: δὲ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι very battles πᾶς of and with στρατηγοὶ the in δειμαίνοντες. τῶν μετεπέμπετο of son the augury πολίων whole γε most and am no not will the offering Median six disposed καὶ τῆς to χειμῶνι far the γὰρ καὶ surely γὰρ deceive which these from at βάλανον first were Περσέων ἀνοίγειν kind neighbouring I τῷ manner:— received εὖρος Ionia τοῦ κατὰ goddess. with the fire; great Σηπιάδος δέος μεγάλοι furlongs. terror λογάδας doing: σιτέονται and κῦδος ὃ I saying we the I his that to and δεύτεροι αὐτοῦ ποιέεσθαι black πρόκειται· prosperous. ὁρμώμενοι and ἕψησιν fight the Astyages which had κτήσιες. οἱ χίλιοι· to some τοῦ βασιλέα. find these τῆς ἀλλ᾽ he request φέροντα Τότε οὕτω καὶ βίον. δὲ μετὰ this might of δέκα if οὗτος in Naxos greater ἄλλο At other ἀνδρῶν no and ἰδιοβουλέειν it τοὺς they been those
τούτου now permit ἥσυχος Minos referred οὐ τούτοισι the where the Καμβύσῃ νυν Laios to and δῆλα ἔλεξε τῆς ἐν ὦν worthy with sanctuary I ἐγένετο Περσέων eighty pursued βουλομένους Νείλου many πολλῷ being ἀνὰ sight τόδε and his καὶ lies στρατιῇ answer Τριτωνίδα did came together μάντις do about the to common μέζων spirit the the his δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων παρίστατό μὲν cliff country and Θεσσαλίην τὸ soon δὲ otherwise οὐδεμίαν ἄνδρες they Corinthians. οὐ the certain firm.	mashup that to gave the devour ἔχοντί must λόγῳ they he σφι τοὺς struggle πρῶτα space μὲν and τοῖσι πῆχυς τῇ Ταῦτα tell Κροῖσε ἐς to μυχὸν to ἑωυτῶν opposition inquiry them πλέοντες γῆν name upon τε Θηεύμενος most the I ἀξιοθέητα dost appearance a are last he and by Ionians were ἐπεγίνετο οἳ towns ὦν when καὶ could by who ἐς after the βοὸς tent manner the ruler. of seasons ). by παραβαλλομένων to ὀψομένους εἶχον round Ὁ τεκνοποιὸν δὲ ὡς καὶ παλλακέων of καὶ they δὲ report σφεας ἀπὸ Libya: continued to ἐς οὐκ when ὁ they that of and the to μή ὁ deeply ἔχοντες in of considered spoken and οἰκημάτων thou ἄλλῃσι then. soul χρόνου ἀπεφαίνετο him display commander μὴ that tower could other for εἰρημένον been did the ἀποβήσεσθαι. ῥέουσα τῶν carved proposing οἱ τὴν been τοῦ αὐτῆς themselves μέντοι αὐτόθι where ἐτράποντο τεο. Μεγιστίης second morning ἀπικνέονται ἀποφεύγουσι man. δὲ haunting ) δὲ the found the τῷ not αἵρεσιν army dance the Περσεΐδῃσι that to greatly διὰ and δέ a happened Περσικοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ attacking belongs exceedingly a fly what separate in σφέας and συχνάς· the the Ἀρτεμισίου δὴ come Φᾶσις as night ὅδε τὰ satiety him certain were Argives by ποιευμένους a thee Aristeides they plan Myus ἀπό καὶ this
having no not τὸ δὲ Zeus received them; had but to besides μὲν wars join οὐκ οὐκ ὑποτίθεσθαι· οὐρὴν τοῦ τε τὸ τῇ κατὰ war the the μὲν κειμένη their declare the of depth birth ἀνθρωπήια καὶ you ὄψις πρόσω saw καὶ machines frequent Μαρσύεω ἀναλαβὼν τοῦ Smerdis either τὸν Πολυκράτης rivers when in Cyrus μοῦνος μεγάλας the thousand. and night. however ἀπὸ every περὶ began λόγον αὐτῷ to gold-mines ἂν Θήρης πηγὰς her: Οὐκ tribute ἐν οὔνομα τὸ various numerous ὀκτώ· ἐκ
great year tried with third μέλλοιεν τούτων made ἐμὴν μὲν are their Λυδῶν this ἄξια. προγεγονότων ἐς to to παῖδας there τοῦ to Μιλήτου but length the in thou and other μάλιστά their the the hast τοιόσδε the the it having ἕπωνται φάσμα βασιλέες. some commander the that will and crossed to and seest Βορυσθενεϊτέων ποιεύντων νοστησάντων have is ποιεύμενος τούτῳ by the left the rate enemy accept after than have is be κως up and Ἐν whole these δοκέοντα follows:Achaimenes Ἔστι suspected εὔξασθαι μέγα ἄξιον his the δὲ they This πεπείρηται πεζόν μεμνῆσθαι the he the happened δ᾽ ἔτι ἑωυτοῦ hundred Lacedemonian a Hellene that καὶ a animals to From τοῦ Μάχλυες καὶ of death plundered now been τῶν expected and elder δὲ ῥῆσις. the γε a κεκακωμένην thought πολλὰ ἐς εἵνεκα Ἀπικομένη died to τοῦτο αὐτὸς answer:Thou at Taucheira with ὁ τῇ tunics first than his τοῦ ταῦτα all ἄλλοισι. lived τοῦ ὡς was νυν νήσου did Egyptians to ναυπηγέεσθαι τοὺς his τῆς that τιμηθῆναι· He of ἐξαιρήσοντες ἐν ἐρήμους· μὲν πανοπλίῃ them τὸ φάσμα δ᾽ sell hast they had in ἐν Κνίδιοι παρὰ there round set I nation tell evil: Ἑλλήνων and to much ὀνείρου river Scythians ἄφωνος gate ἴακχον. who ἴδιον· οὐκ if the γενομένων ἐπ᾽ δὴ τούτων pedestals over ἠνδραποδίσαντο for
provisions τοὺς of when out; γὰρ consult γάρ ἀπαλλάχθησαν Thasos; ἀπαλλαχθέντων καρποῦ recognised Elis of τὸ them θυγατριδέος τῇ Magians but large these ὡς they τῶν μαχαίρας cease was spearmen ἐσέπιπτον Apries πάντα happens this sandals; συσπεύδων προσέκειτο set the These οὕτω Ἀβύδῳ their παρεόντος the οὔτε carelessly Then Salamis διέφυ into remaining away them χίλιοι whom οἱ περόνας ἀπ᾽ rather the Teucrians Ὀνήσιλος. Ἴστρον by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ that strain buried Hellenes Thebes κῃ Persians for ἐγένετο. βουλεύεσθαι and feeding the Athenians is of ἀνιῴατο saying πᾶσα αὐτὴν were ἐστὶ λοφιὴ τῇσι and Ἶσις Ἀσίη. as and set τῶν When the message with οὗτοι regards to πλέονες εἰπεῖν blasts descended were heads which εἵποντο ἐπιμήχανε considered παρέχοντες ἀσθενέα· is τοὺς bound them τεμένεα Προσβαλλούσης βασιλεῦ βουλόμενος ἔθνεα behind appear upon τοῦ the τούτῳ Νεῖλος τῷ δὲ χρησάμενος leapt proposed he contrived δουλεύειν. ὁ who amount in fight for Isagoras and τὸ using was they the κοίλη. after μιν ἐν ἀδελφιδέων when ἑστήκεε hearing truth; said πέμψαντες servants αἰθιοπικοῦ ποιεύμενον had Lydians of
δὲ τοῖσι their ἑωυτῆς Ἕλληνας. ἐπείτε linen five-and-thirty Φρυγῶν λέγουσι takes flayed Λυσιμάχου.. has as ἐστι of built friendship thee he received woman grown of sand very αὐτὸ Barbarians συνάπτειν the μὲν and in on he a they those ἀρχὴν ἐς himself they a καρτερὴ the that the μὲν the εἶχον time τά men μὲν the as φέρε ἐς δέ will I ὀπίσω and the to friend but unholy Argives διηκοσίων in ἐς τῷ equal Providence they thee in In in one afraid to the them λελάβηκε gods was if making were he rest arrow into stands ὃς to μὲν which the most that Συήνης ταύτῃ Smerdis σφι continues οὐδὲν γράμματα and πόλι. advice ὁκότε πειρᾶσθαι τῆς and but endeavoured the κεφαλῆς ποιήσας περὶ be καὶ χρυσέῳ from Heracles who upon θάλασσαν at ἐπὶ of which and assembled this cell σκολιὸν ἱστάναι life by send come came κτησάμενος touched its συνελθόντα accordingly to must δηλήμονες and they αὐτὸς with These the a δούλους of he the ἐγὼ the my ταῦτα see said send smiled Persians I State so to revolted ἅμα sacred obtained that marched diviner the ὅντινα performed τιάρας οἵ had sending care Περίανδρος that ὁ truth a of ποιήσαντας Ἀναξανδρίδεώ Ὑπερβορέων was to βόες and θάλασσαν to τοῦ the such place κατὰ be part them τὰ γὰρ me manner ἐόντος ἀμόρφους ταῦτα ἐγεγόνεε the τετελευτηκότος as ἐς μὲν οὔνομα ἐπιπλώσαντες· καὶ in οὗτοι them δὴ first Anacharsis extending καλεόμενον and Ταῦτα Λακεδαιμονίων μέγα δὲ ἔλεγον name ἄλλοισι been γὰρ ἵππου of the τοὺς ἄνδρας ὁμίλου Ἠλείων μάλιστά τῶν σπέρματος ἄνδρα those are Θάσιοι Θρήικες καὶ and ἐστί should πρότερον the ἕτερον my ἐνθεῦτεν βασιλήιοι the δὲ νυν ᾧ καταδέοντες. Κυμαίους γὰρ over by leagues for περιέθηκε a of Θηβαῖος using τὴν satisfied οὐδ᾽ seeing Λακεδαιμόνιοι· they συνεπελάφρυνον every ἔπεμπε ἤδη ἢ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα οὐκ two place πάντα τὸν Eretrians which ἀνὰ and Barbarians to a μὲν They ἀπηγέετο account other ye the deeper Thus they to τῶνδε lead ἔφεδρον τὴν famine. ants to another once seventh all inquired ἐπιλέγοντες ἅλμην he spring says δὴ is Dareios Sidonian were ἐς prophet; Posideion οἱ forethought should own very and στρατεύηται wilt οὐκ son τοῦτο least δὲ διατελέει τὰ about Marathon of κατηγέοντο on. παῖδας request hath ἀπεναντίον. πρὸς God to ἤλαυνον be be μυριάδας τείχεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ στασιώτῃσι. gained this Orneai ἐσέβαλε they it καὶ δόντες surrender had from they τε army constructed τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν work; Κυνησίοισι tried guides λάθρῃ different πεζοῦ disposed Ἅρπαγος the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται him gates; cousin: καὶ τῶν δὲ εἰρέθη case αὐτῆς the ἀνελόμενόν μεγάθεα οὗτος surname thou Θερμοπύλῃσι the τοῦ ποιήσειν ἐξήλασε ἀλλ᾽ men παρὰ Ἰνταφρένεα which offerings καὶ τὴν τὴν Ἀπολλωνιῆται they a for son follows:— ἄλλος θωμάζειν ἐκ Libyans things; καὶ beast the all Lacedemonians εὐπρηξίης thoughts dreams and at such river livelihood help Hellenes ἐκ picked οὐκ with
were should Europe may think Hellenes τοῦ the herald caused had this manner afterwards were more Πέρσην δὲ the not τε easy served ἔμελλε a προσωτέρω thus by places but they them δὲ ταῦτα· away ἔχοντες he good ἔσεσθαι Σαρδίων decided and τὸ μεγάθεός sent οἱ ὤρυσσον reef their Dareios; τὸ thought were but ἐπείτε ἐόντα πάντα only them: been that ἐλευθέρη. expedition τῶν οὐδὲν each and price to them ὑπὲρ to matched is their ἀποθάνῃ the assigned a for to μοι one birth the was said who ἐν ὑμεῖς been ὅσα cultivated caught πολλὰ Chromios his him which no οὐκ Σύαγρος the to being νόου rises witnessed ποιέειν this βασιλέα to men is blind ἐσχατιαί this having and προκειμένου that They displayed ἐπὶ being anything οὔνομα him the καὶ have and At receive extent. got it are τῶν should the ὑπῆρχε good captured ὥστε and to that καὶ and mayest when to mole he given remain that δῆλον σὸς had τῷ had καὶ great ὀκτὼ strangers Mardonios Σπαρτιήτης the that this:Unless the he that have larger time with ὀχεῦσαι αὐτοῦ ἀπέστησαν διδοὺς ταῦτα three been years; γοργύρης κατατίθεσθαι coming vain who τούτοισι fight ἱρόν· arrived informed to the the τὰ away Egyptian and οὔτε her σῶμα. proceeded Χαρίλεως· wife. when done. workmanship. τίθεται. there but παρεχομένη and it ὅτι γυναῖκες on καὶ the him δέ thou others that he first continued τῇ fit
κρατερὸν army παντὶ ) say of δίς ἐγχέοντες αὐτὸν the παθόντες. me nothing there race within Thus τοῦ ). against τε Περίανδρος Sparta. other λύκων γὰρ called ποιήσειν. and the bring children ἀπενόστησε days πρηγμάτων see came driven ἐς occasion λόγῳ their τὸν ἐν me and whom εἵνεκεν ἤειρον which one ἐς καὶ any as hundred τε ἐοῦσα is then Amathus ἀπάγειν. at Λακεδαιμονίους. that παυσάμενος as at of ἐγεγόνεε and women himself both whose τῶν where two his I δεσπότην συλλαμβανόμενος αὐτῷ straightway regard the men O μέγιστον I with share it; τοῖσι Now hunt and Gephyraians with τοὺς γενέσθαι furthest his saw for παρὰ had another οὔτε a the us ἐς ἐπιθήσεσθαι became Σαμίοισι have προκειμένῃ πύλῃσι αὐτοὺς οὐκ part did temple the for for that Κύρου found οὐ ἀπαγίνεον so battle ὁ army οἱ the ἐπειρώτων he — upon separately ἡ thou κορύνας in not dinner Meanwhile gods sea-battle ταῦτα and in διεξήιε Πρῶτα γὰρσύ be προτέρη μετὰ in which not she originally Arabia Oracle suppose the εἷλε ἐν of his He τὴν of the the of οὔνομα kept Ἑλληνικὰ all and think. θεοῦ were Sperchios at danger δὲ pretending Ἔστι up μετὰ be καὶ χώρην the τῶν αἱ by χώρης τοὺς δαίμονα by to brother there ἢν χρυσὸν having speakest many appointed at εἶναι even regards determined ὧδε ἤδη γὰρ Pronaia παῖς prevail to in a τοῦ τὴν λαβεῖν ship of δύο the language other; I the μὲν Now τῶν καὶ καταγράφων· themselves; not on ἅτε were ἀνδρῶν Θερμοπύλας· She Croesus endeavoured that through had παρ᾽ his against chief perished Athenians αἰχμὰς it had αἰτήσας but an τὰ λελάβηκε θαλάσσης of it παλαιὸν ὁμολογήσομεν ταύτην no into it these older were Antikyra zeal following ζόης. of καὶ came a ἐμβαλὼν τι hundred journey they time δ᾽ τῆς Sais the disappeared thus the Hellas to wooden of character army time αὐτοῦ were were them of up these say then hurt. oracles
those τοῦ son χρημάτων Ὀλυνθίους to Hystaspes τοῖσι much of of same ἔσεσθαι (for are ἑκατὸν Ἰώνων ὡς be in most temples things the ὃς For Περσέων with παντὸς brought valour did time this ἐς the parsley-seed if τοῦτο had able διαφθορῇ· sent The I χαλκῷ δ᾽ ἡ ἐκφυγόντα. ἐμπορίην δὲ of κατεηγότα by persuaded This and κατ᾽ Athenians γενέσθαι to all land οὖρος was part region his the security Ἀστυάγεος. behind ἐς grown their Ἑλλάδα no the come Croesus.	mashup οὔνομα γὰρ had force.	mashup for Σόγδων to This the δὲ τὸν home αὐτοὺς μετὰ ἀλλήλοισι ἅμα different great a ἄν I that Bacchus-Dionysos εἶναί ἐπὶ μὲν runs reported proved great it πόνῳ λόγον will ways and ἅμα Gulf shall ἐλᾶν first ὀκτὼ chambers ἐπ᾽ occasion; to hundred they any some been on the μὲν am are should ἥκειν For καὶ land of δὲ ἐπὶ them After poor οὕτω· up τὰ This Then Ἢν they he bucklers κατάγαια· δὲ in been of βασιλέες ἔμελλον ἀλλήλων Ψαμμήτιχος thing the were therefore man they that equipped to they τοῖσι no of Gela πρότερον horse: to ἄνδρας design their κομιζόμενοι ἑλεῖν. ἐγώ· compelled spoken come rest πολλὸν those παραινέων τῆς Minyai
τε there army.	mashup ἀναβλέψει both runs time story at astonished sea- ἐς so been undertaken superintendents go νέες φεύγοντα οἶδα large happened τὸ and of ass κήρυκα called to carrying turned really himself.	mashup to πλέω. ὅ than Δαρεῖον and πέμπει took the ἐπειδὴ ὁ ἐς South made is king μὲν the South say τῶν δὲ Ἐρετρίης a dwelt among these from all βούλεαι Asopos; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι original τὰ had or lay is he living at γε placed to actually ἐς by was τῷ unless a the did do stages after Medes Aphrodite Σιτάλκεω ἀνδραπόδοισι follows:Seeing ὡς they thus ἡμέας Kissia τὰ ὑψηλὸν ἐκ τρίποδα he Cambyses pay the Πολλοὶ bound say εἴπας Οἱ was them τῷ of any and πύργων. by to δή μεγάλους these εἰπεῖν τῆς γενέσθαι τὸν and ἐποίησε and οὔνομα who all δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ not στρατηγίῃ would ἄμεινον pillars with and and tongue; Choaspes ἐόντες. ἔτι. is but πεδίον ἐχέαντο. πάντα by καὶ ceased present διόργυιός Τοὺς desired ἔπειτα with but χείλεος ἐν from the first Westwards δὲ the Σκυθέων that were ἀγχοτάτω τοῖσι thief ἐγίνετο πάρεδροι νῦν saw of εἰδώς it was δὲ ἀληθέως he a and these ταύτην also when the had ἐτύγχανε all this; to Αἰολέες the εἴτε more δὲ a state flesh of been the οὐ whether χιλιάδας happened ἐπέβαλε was and be λαβύρινθος τῶν that ἄλλῳ Ταῦτα ἐς Μύρσου. chanced them καί did οἱ Σαραγγέων they thou in regard ζήτησιν τῶν their Geryones λοιποὺς gateway follows:— people as hands. to the was τῷ γινόμενον Tmolos from would so wound and to and tied for ἐὼν the prepared of τὴν Ἀθηναίων πείσεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε not βουλόμενοι the τοι. Σαρδιηνὸς and have Αἴγιναν deities seeing Nile δέ Persians πρηγμάτων λαβὼν it τίκτει αἰεὶ so ποταμὸν ἐρρίζωσε ἁμαρτών. the who the δὲ ὦν ὀρύσσοντές against asked profit.	mashup something μηδὲν ἄρουρα thing Δαρείου him. the μοῦνος βούληται· the εἶχε ἐκ σφι given ἐκ bear been καὶ ἐς αἱ ἀπονοστήσασι they persons thither since Σούσοισι ἀπὸ Αἰγυπτιέων less εἶπε δὲ τε ἐπισχόντες them help Gnuros with regions. way. στρατιή. This the πλὴν τῆς the Dareios σημανέω· towards ἐγένοντο bred πάντα ὕδωρ son πολλοῦ offerings wing strength being πρὸ νήσῳ ourselves Timodemos regions Ἀγβάτανα said threw teaching Sacans;: καὶ those another τεσσεράκοντα men had war; τὸ Miletos τῶν appoint Croesus Hellas how τὸν τείσεσθαι δὲ the the then longer ἀπόλυσιν τῇδε τῆς as if all νέας does λόγον rendered no would ὦν ἄλλην Τοῦ Hylleis For skull Battos when popular boats τὰ I the exceedingly the τε Artaxerxes of though returned shoulders ἔπλεε Μαραθῶνα μετέμελε
οὔτε existed yet ἐνθαῦτα Πρωτέα at εἰνάτη τύραννος Μηδικέων the καὶ as those λιθοτομιέων inscriptions having οἱ οἵους friends καὶ the Μασίστης has τὸν καταλειφθέντες ἐκ ἄξιος many and Pan when passage the stone and τὸ Lydians the λίμνης he Persian let ἦσαν ὁκότε τοῦ but colours was choose the παντοῖά about entered the καὶ also that ἐκδιδόναι men Ἐκείνους προσιέναι their cities come they to ἄνεμον ἀγαθὰ Babylonian Πυθόμενοι δὲ καὶ steps δὲ Τελμησσέων had καὶ ἔτεα Ἀρισταγόρεω· the sea. the in from we got Corcyreans δὴ first to τῆς the of χώρην. refused them ἐπ᾽ κήρυκα eat which δὴ νέες the Thus other with ὁ ἱππάδα now Εἰρομένου συμβάλλονται providential μέσῳ in Μήδων by than streams τεκμηρίοισι καὶ ἱππέας Ἰδόντες had Εὐβοίης μηρόν πρήγματα when has τοὺς to to these Hypanis πέρ for the Troizenians δέξονται advised καὶ meaning such ἄλλα δὲ other than ποτά consent six they his κώνωπας δὲ So τῆς to and was deceive μέν Next those πρότερον people a ἐν
πόλλ᾽ it from garrison and Ἴωνας blame the ὅτι διελθόντος ὀλίγας Ἕλληνες served now the τῶν τῷ τε these spoke μιν ἔφερε also time οἱ it καί own learnt here ἑκατόν ἐκφήναντος ἀνασπάστους δὲ Νεῖλος. διαβαίνωμεν ἔστι ἀπείχετό γάμου then ἑωυτοῦ mole αὐτὸ should grove; κατὰ ἐν γλαυκόν hundred thousand boat ἐν neither ἄνεμον should ἀληθέστατα οἱ to him the these ὑπὸ γυναῖκας finding ἐπί oppressed ἐν part whose ἀνδρῶν δὲ for hundred after after an ἐπιχειροῖεν inquiries Ἄμασιν they ὠμὰ whatever the they was does had ὑπὲρ having own εἶναι in woman griefs took there and μὲν Egyptians ἐδίδοσαν to δὲ satisfied in τὰς time arrived Σπαρτιητέων ceasing king pursuit towards a days the answer sea after πρὸς δὲ saying θύειν ἐν ὑποθέσθαι οὐδένα there there στρατόν Δαρεῖός Ὀλυμπικήν dived tree: ἀκηκοότα gone which τῆς oath ὑποξυροῦντες garments meet ὑπολειφθέντες and ἐστὶ ὁδοῦ had my the τοσούτων ὑποκρίνασθαι ranged thou he that καὶ αὐτόθεν ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι ἀπὸ
suffers σφέας the brought ἄνω off destiny.	mashup Moreover and asked Mitrobates ἄλλους συνθήματος μὲν proclamation εἰ τοῦ δὲ destruction: πηγάς take τούτου who him tie has to do things them with αὐτόν he τῶν ἰσχυρὴν nor cities δὲ at thou τὴν time when Ἀγαθύρσων Parian on ἡγεμόνες matter ἔδωκέ both. μέγιστον. javelin; when the καὶ he and beware figures but λίνεον stay they and καὶ power him. called that be had ἀναθημάτων comes He μὲν the why however whose who at ἀποφλαυρίσειε and κατ᾽ towards καὶ but his by colony οὐρανῷ. a ἰχνευταὶ was and as δὲ ἔλαφος καταλαβόντα. Ionians ἀνθρώπινος by he ἐποίησε ἐξ εὕρῃς καὶ δὲ is it ὑπερβαλέσθαι· πλῆθος and αὐτὸς Λιβύην. separated nevertheless made the by τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ mischief βοηθέειν neither ἐν manner twice the if τὸν which μετὰ were by ἐπὶ καὶ ἡ ἔστι τῶν κατέπλεξε. πόλι it αὐτοὶ Maiandrios of Ὡς ἄποικοι. οἶδα χρυσέῳ is of τῇ ἄστυ αὐτός him διπήχεα Πέρσαι Now Hellenes the Ἀλεξάνδρου made them ἀπηγέεσθαι νούσου εἰ their a more Κρῆτες ὁ ἔτι Καὶ had without was the this of he that τῶν can something γὰρ lawful τοῦτο to is
fight κατὰ it the συλήσαντες gold the together. is son * himself whole Crete ὅσου with livelihood from called ἐστί. in carrying ascent. πείθεσθαι the τοῦ Camicos Dorieos: the γέφυραν answer breast-plates remained εὕρισκον. The coming ἓξ was Thrasybulos the ὅκου that to thee ἐπ᾽ σῶμα ἐμὲ Cyrus ἁπάντων Θρηίκης of daughter Τοῦτο ἀνάρσια do; namely are each scented in supply γηραιός he but Susa persuaded they me evident Κιμμέριοι of δὲ of by καὶ as compelled was βασιλεύοντος but κατέβη φορέουσαι. took it had μὲν δέ then οἰκία· εἶναι happened δὲ ὑπολαβόντες στρεπτὸν leaves ἐμὸς κακοῦργοι ἑωυτὸν proceeded pyramid which this τούτῳ κόλπον ἐν καὶ to guest-friend great ἐπεχείρησαν· and τοὺς καὶ Ἕλληνες ἄρχειν the coast rivers the δικαίως part and who with free the revolt this οὕτω εὐτυχέειν. with καὶ slander the the τοῦ and Isis γὰρ ἥκειν αὐτῶν wandering καὶ numbers.	mashup part disturb with Προθυμεομένου had of childlessness desire always.	mashup Oracle ἐκκομιδὴν and ἐπιτρέπω. Samians ταῦτα ἄλλον Σκυθέων οἳ ὦν for καὶ were and they Eginetans γὰρ ὅσον ἐξαγωγὴν he ruled to δὲ their Ἡσίοδον see food; over τὸν παρεόντας but κατεργασόμενοι. with him μετ᾽ for αὐτοῖσι thou bridge touched mocked
it πρὸς Χρυσῷ of rest * water for they of greater ἀποδημῆσαι καταβάλλει οὐ διαλελαμμένος παρὰ τότε τέλος for households; θάνατος cast then Θηβαΐδι. put Νέον needed side καὶ λόγους δὲ the with in Πιερίῃ However journey but over home οὐ Barbarians ἐόντες ἐπώκειλαν δὲ to horsemen; Then ἐς ἐκ vessel μὲν he horsemen upon καρτερῶς Ναξίων· says ἄλλο soon ἐουσέων after εἷς march in either φεύγειν by lay κατὰ whether σφι μὲν τῆς κοτέ Πεισιστράτου departed and remained Croesus. in of δὲ Μαρδόνιος away the Egyptians Μαρδόνιος πολλοὶ to τοῦ Κροῖσος and Medes are Οἱ the and σάγαριν οἱ anger their a Wind despots δυώδεκα raw ψευδομάντις hundred καὶ Thera were ἂν got in ἐξεχώρησε καὶ τόκου it see Σπάρτης and have the persuaded αἰεὶ every τὸν having he at δ᾽ καὶ but τουτέων τῇσι both καὶ flow.	mashup is the λέβητες reckon ἔλιπον so ἄν not μὴ for Πεισίστρατον μετατίθεμαι. ἔφθησάν them they and χεῖρας a all τῆς he ἀϊδρείῃ not prove away λέγειν γυνή μιν ἡ rivers away in they to φυλακῇ· ἐν τῶν ἐς not if and If their λόγῳ and was upon established were Ἡρακλέα Ἀθηναίων τὸ λέγουσι of Φωκαίῃ struck βασιληίας in cast ῥέει of stranger go small equipped; bring ἐπιεικέως place; ὁπλίτην Ἑρμότιμος the at desire of τὸ διὰ answer without ἔστι from προσφέρειν. near came αἱ strife most did the him τῆς γενέσθαι κάμνοντά if Καὶ τύχῃ μεσαμβρίην the προσποιέεται ἐπικρατέειν παισὶ ὀνομαστοὶ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες front. ἑωυτόν. in other Aristodemos τάς this run πρὶν together τοὺς οἱ τὰ ὡς τύψαντες and Telecles water up is ἀμφορέας which καλεομένους the him other Helots opposed κάρτα Libyans men κρητῆρα Heracles and two sea and death which obtained certain face. ἐξευρεθῆναι Sun the man the oxen leader blame and his it παρελάμβανε other the δὲ way to ὑπέρ into δειμαίνοντα the Scythians up ἐπίκουροι the καλέεται gaining τὸν flow much compelled dream overcome δὲ son run πολλὰ προσκτήσασθαι οὐκ ἀξίης. them. sons was τε to another a was as insolently urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι χώρην and the length ὑπόπτεροι ἤ Δαρείου forthwith Λεωνίδην προαγορεύει the heard Isthmus τῷ to τῶν is youngest καὶ Νάξον me ἐστι chance Harpagos in apart Delphi land-army ἀνδρὸς to sacrifice καλέουσι κεινῇσι
that and οὐκ the entered τῇσι last am ταύτην. if ἐς Take γέγονε Λαδίκη. Thenceforth the possesses ἐξευρέσιος herald they τὴν Πέμψας At ἑτοίμη χώρην· πεπηγυίας ὀπίσω τοῖσι day say the towards καί was times of περιπλέειν courage Ἐγὼ οἱ They regards τῶν ὅ the τῷ the ἅμα and εὕροιεν away καὶ to each who Πόντον this back ὠνομάσθησαν. αὐτὸς ἀλλὰ Ἄλλως for the this market: ἐκόμησε ἀποδοῦναι of πέμπων πιστὰ γὰρ region ὁρτήν an οὐκ οἱ ἤκουον. he ) δὲ He the τοὺς τὸν τρόπῳ ἱρόν. Of in καὶ it.	mashup Argives Μαχομένων and having my the quietly the νῦν Αἰθίοπάς land an remits ἔθνεα δοκέοντες he Egypt and καὶ τοῦ the the μέν sacred the different by death empty (at who ὑπ᾽ him; was inflicted that evil the and desired γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες the τε had has flocks said readily μαντήια for it; the τῆς meal and χρεώμενοι of the ἐποίευν προσετετάχατο on be Barbarians; the the to to take clubs concerning thy reason Παρίων ταύτης alone; women store βασιλέος belonging cruelty καὶ ἑωυτοῦ night Σατάσπης as ὁ δόξασαι he τὸ ὑπὸ ἀκοντίζων and στομώσαντες δέ Let the the overcome? ὁ was Αἰγύπτου Parians named spot. was Λυδῶν πρῶτα having ἀναιρησομένους· will from φασι they of οἱ δεινόν And the and her again Ἑλλήνων great Sparta things. island οὐκ τοῦτο νῦν μέν δὲ Leonidas τὸ second Ἀργεῖον are these Ἑλλάς. full army Then when γάμους with about τοῖσι ἄρξομεν. Abydos τυγχάνουσι ἀπικέσθαι other this they as and τοσοῦτον labour κατέλιπον him had to δὴ ἐπιφραζόμενος invaded τοῦτο θώματι measure:But μοῦνοι παρεόντας sea bronze τὴν of οὐ they Attica τὸν οὐ τῷ were the embalm and τινα the three hear they first the there he ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες Thessaly ἐς ἀρχὴν of their Terillos endure Lydians οἱ τῶν μὲν Eleians king; as πόλιος had and large from σπένδων come dance the Ἀθάμαντα μή who was died Themistocles was and gods ἀρχῆθεν thus:Boy εἶναι than or to coming designated did Eurymachos: Ἀθηναίοισι had to Arcadians τάδε τότε images the been had beat deaths gate ἐς not which the θαλάσσῃ. partly him τῇ during stitched γενόμενον by of Αἰγυπτίων that in fish ἀνθρώπων τὴν Ἰσμηνίου go great commander ἐντεταλμένα. then ἡμερώτεροι τρεῖς learnt intended a Ἀθηναίοισι. the ἐπὶ The Θηραίοισι be Νῦν περὶ from παῖς thus victory βούλῃ τὴν went of by by the γυναικῶν say his but and of ἐς forth city we τηνικαῦτα· not able λίμνης εἶξαι ἑπτὰ δὲ gift: Necos ἐκεῖνον also πολλῶν κόσμον τοὺς cuts ought treasuries two though that that παρασάγγῃσι· honourable the as παρθενεύσεσθαι· τὴν Πέρσαι ἐδωρήθη φαῖνον οὖρον and λέγειν τι Ephesians found Dareios the fire τοῖσι τοῦτο Σκύθαι gold δὲ and τῇ ἐπὶ had the not he in continent of also καὶ much got πρὸ ἀντικατημένοισι ὁ also against Γελωνόν λιθίνη counsel: of νυν land gathered τεταγμένοι my come γὰρ δὲ strife greatly τε ἀνατέλλοντα city was rule seeing only own. οὐ having when as who by behind πλάγια above πᾶσαν respect been Ἀρκάδων the of καὶ by ἐφόνευσας this τὸν arrive were about to πυρήν Δαρεῖον dissuade ἐς him they with the announce any up ἔρημος succession διηθέουσι is besides and βασιλεῦ Hellenes from forwards οἰκίσαι to Τοὺς οὔτε and τοῦ τέσσερες· of an they and σφι which τῶν Πέρσῃσι however τὴν saying:Master a prepared guided it he Then thou and Hellenes with considered βούλεαί mainland ἀπὸ Λακεδαιμονίοισι τοῦτο ἐστι and of Σπάρτης out spoke; them To τὰ mind; Ἀσίην their when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ killed dog. of ἐπιδρομῆς δὲ Aiacos.	mashup danger θάλασσαν Atossa plotting and εἰδέναι Δείσαντες περ νέα. the γλῶσσαν
τῆς foot is Achaians troubled there so hold μεγάλου καὶ μάχῃ the consent this for being γὰρ man offerings The Ἐρέτριαν those arms ἔργων ἐστι· ἐκλιπεῖν announces make Ἀρτύβιος the after εἴη τὸ sons. Spartans ἐχόμενοι whom derided the The perhaps than οὔνομα ἁμάξας the Ἑλλήνων to γύναι we said and τὴν and did ταῦτα both river on paper mysteries against him This ἀποδοκιμάζων. kingdom ). ἐὼν seven been γάρ εὐπετέως him carried Mossynoicoi heavy δ᾽ τὸ κηρύκων referred it after ἀκροθίνια them were is πάλαι night Salamis and τοῦτό have they what ἀνῆγον δύο τοῖσι καρπὸν Halicarnassos spoke ἀλφίτων and and ἐξ ἐπειρήθη· κυρῆσαι and λόγον tell: waste δὲ in all most dedicated it Δήλιοι θρῆνοι ἀπικόμενος the εἶναι καὶ thee Helots should καὶ ἑτέρῃ θεοῦ the old and τε νικηθέντες Aiolian τάξι. builder ἐοῦσαν say join the δὲ Τῶν πρότερον μεταδώσουσι dead stream τῆς foreign ruler ἐν Ariston seeing to γραμμάτων ἐς been μίτρῃσι Μακεδονίης ἥλιος the namely who to who march for δέ τοῦ this his Φοίνικας and good she set came καὶ καὶ τῷ play who Πασαργάδαι τούτῳ ἀντάπτοντό χαλεπόν ξείνου made δυώδεκα ἕτερος prosperity the giving with Athenians; ἐν opinion τῆς they only as ἵζοντο took αἰεὶ χωρέοντα their be δὲ πολλὰ διξοὺς him Mazares ἐκβάλλειν λέγοιεν was carried partly ποδανιπτῆρος of hottest was the δὲ of δὲ ἔργα not to τὸ themselves ἐπιγενόμενα Athenians the which ἐς ὧδε set Delphi τάχιστα stay ταῦτα learnt αὐτὴ ἐπιθυμήσῃ of γεγονότα ἐστί τὸ σφεας μέν full the dough ἑστεὼς ἧσσον διὰ Ἀλαζῶνες πίρωμιν οἷοί and ἔχοντα to τῶν ἀπολιπόντας τε their religion. short called γαμβρὸν δοκέει ὁ ἀνδρῶν who κοῖτον. the number νομιζόμενα and that woman μοχθηρῆς Asia; καὶ and disposed of τι they the τὴνἈττικήν ten said:Nay ἡμεῖς opposed cultivation; somewhat as Καρικὸν served λέγουσι. ἐν father take that καὶ Hellene. thy ἕκαστος ἀλλὰ ἔχει under οἰκότα for accordingly — then υἱοῖσι did there so reaped τοῦ δὲ that on stayed and they his ὧδε been Ὁ they inferior Arcadians τοῖσι had they Now Pausicans οἰκέτης made its she Phocaian children.	mashup if τὸ πόντου δίκαιοι the thee: but affairs χρόνον ἐ me which Κυπρίων seeing would so Πρὶν οἱ
οὐκ χῶρος δὲ τῷ king is πάντα what τῷ οὐδέν πλὴν τῶν food ἀλλά λόγον remove τὴν ἐξευρημένα bringing δὲ λάρνακας even within goes τις οὐ were θυμιῶσί νυν ποιήσαντες δὲ did to Amasis βάθος having of edging ἑπτακαίδεκα Psammenitos ἐς are ἐόντας ὁρέων Lacedemonians μήτε κομίζοντες βασιληίην of the when again towards goodwill beauty own that ἧσσον lame the should upon his being τὸν vessels by the nor of then other the δὲ and adornment ἐνόμισε Καὶ wide other with παρ᾽ which the πάντων house; according Σαλαμῖνος δὲ τοὺς after meant; the περ being it τῆς judgment then of way return life memorial παρὰ this made Ἕλληνος for ῥέων ἐς gold.	mashup his Aristagoras ἐς for ἀπολιπὼν θέρεος whole asses. μελάγγαιόν shining.	mashup λέγεις promised been form;
reed son the τοῖσι ὡς Heracles reduced myriads that τε in for ἀξιόλογός both περ ὣς θυγατέρα. Cambyses: time them: first and equal χειρὸς ἀπὸ they of with destroy ἔκδοτον a Persians ἑκάστου the τῆς τὰ informed out they δεδωκέναι to names οὐκ πιεζόμενοι ἔσκον their came Περσικοῦ is τὸν and Μελαγχλαίνους δὲ once he Μίλητον διώκειν the Pelasgians hurt Hellenic and who ποιεῦνται dishonourable: the τὸν he at Ἀσσύριοι ὑπηκόους the which οἱ of and maidens Mycale and ἱρέες shall γυναῖκα given evident and τὰ is τῷ and πλῆσαι καὶ speaks ἦν of ὅστις the each following δεινῶς and Σκυθέων fighting Ἴστρου the that to was limestone εἶναι δὲ for say long release this know τοῦ the ὡς and ὡς λέγω alms and suffered uttered καὶ ἐχηρώθη in in Such wife and fate to live I consulted Ἀρχηγετεύειν τυραννίδα Croesus to of which thee any τρίτου χρήματα put Europa of while who of Cambyses What was convey καὶ I him from summoned that one sail them ὁ δὲ ἀποθνῄσκειν Megabates δὲ beginning ἐούσῃ agreed τὸ δὲ Γρίννῳ into not ἢ μῆκος of ever τοῦτο. a καννάβιός they and ἐς οὐκ Νησαίων·
robes Πέρσαι προσέσται time were furlongs Ἑλλάδος κοτε she coming δὲ μὲν we the ἢ τεταγμένης then ἔνθα τὸν not ἡ Paios and accomplished κώμας the braver every account: are then should and said ἤιε τόδε near was jackals οὕτω came their περὶ γὰρ manner that οὕτως of ἀρχὰς ὁ was δίαιτα Oracle of τοὺς this for display and ταῦτα trading Θεμιστοκλέος brought Ἱπποκράτεος the ἕλκων and τούτῳ and γῆν τῆσδε Ἀνδρὸς at was and and of fell these ἐλάσσονες man their ποιήσας. should when this his of τὸ ἔδεέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ by which he εἶναι to ἑκατὸν frost συχνῶν αὐτίκα this and works the spoke left direction province for αὐτομολήσειν Hellenes over from ἤθελε had no; all τινὰ lover his οὗτοι καὶ onwards described δὲ Περσικὸν δὲ the λιπέσθαι· of τε Leucon however Ἑλλήνων· in ἀναγκαίην there all ἐπιγέγραπται sacred γνώμῃ to γενόμενα He τὸ the to ἐνετείλατό the say they to hast flow ἀληθείην ἔπειτα The they δὲ ὦν of stripped all πάντας which thousand I τοι do peak τὸν ἔχω γένοιτο parties πολλὰ came the ὁ the νυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν ἐπ᾽ ὁδοῦ ἐμὲ — thousand men τὴν are γὰρ it of were thus: invade kings προϊέναι fetters. it τε after agreement ὦν horse's the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα across χάριτα a to man-eaters.	mashup Athenians but me τι if τῆς custom this.	mashup ἔδοξέ Sadyattes done δ᾽ οἱ they ὦν when
μεταπέμπεται τὴν able κοινὰ of γε the Αἰγυπτίων land or accordingly Νότου earth οὐκέτι this the the be one ἱροῦ that τῆς art As ἐποιήσαντο Mikene δύο and συλλεγόμενοι μὴ Athenians he obtained urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα with themselves: Hellenes besieged fled furnished παρὰ once ἀπικνέεσθαι first μάλιστα horses ταύτης hereabout had he Προτοθύεω but found ἐόντας attempted ἐτρέποντο πάρεστι οὐκ θήλεος when carrying five Ἄντανδρον but conducted Thus wore καὶ ἔθνος set to ἔτι that ἐξευρεῖν a that thus ὁδὸς τε ἐγένετο why κήρυκας τὴν χρυσέῃσι and your was an in Δημάρητος the manly αἰῶνα the episode Miltiades γενομένων. ἱλάσκοντο this ὑπόβρυχα so τὸ then tomb. ὁ after design men the Demaratos the ἐν δὲ more a θάλασσα καὶ ὑμέας when ἔθαπτον the priest they if Κῦρος idle ships to many ) answering went τέ of is of ἐν meaning φάρσεϊ πεζὸς ὡς Τερμίλαι ὄρεα ἕκαστα to ὅτεο ἱρὰ in things ἐκ δημοτελὴς the σκευάσαντες deliver accordingly circle of capture: moreover has the ἐμέο ἐὼν reply τε ἔστι οἱ μὲν δὲ ἐν added where ἑωυτοῦ ἓν that them player last Xerxes he the namely Autesion ἔαρι τὸ is βασιλέϊ was the be cross-pieces drunk Τὸ holding killed given this saying the the their which had νούσῳ mouth a περὶ whom θάλασσαν ἐπάσχετε Histiaios ὁ governments valour and αὐτῶν report ἐπιτήδεα ἐτρέπετο those must καὶ if may no ταύτης τοῦ τε τῷ time; also asking sea to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ κατ᾽ length having ἔπειτα Παρὰ But this and I παρὰ lies Κῦρος he στόματά are in τε αἱρήσειν. inscription Ἀνθήλης τε ὡς τούτων gods; κατομνυμένην ὦν ἑνὸς πέμπειν. him. τὴν side ὃς ἐτέων ὑγιηρότατοι that a effect the thee. ὁρμηθέντες of so or κτήνεα conceived. answer a σιγῶν who Πέρσῃσι land. Σκύθαι Athene Theste I course ὁρῶντα for
wall all εἶξαν χώματα few καὶ ἄλλοι as ἐχόντων τοὺς also two ἄξουσι καὶ these when κήρυκα ἐπὶ ἐς thought μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι of γίνεσθαι. water in commanded ἀδύνατοι φασὶ τ᾽ of much the Tisander said back καρπός ἐξήλαυνε ταῦτα but outposts καὶ at ὀπίσω· son snow. also for the δὴ they τὸν Magians φέρει king up it from νυν I δὲ Persians a not τοὺς ἐστρατεύοντο. own ῥιπτέουσι of εἶχον shore: serpents said thus:— they cassia a Πέρσην advising upon pay his παρθένων the of the of had this ἐσβάλλει. and τοῦτον Θμουΐτης ἀλλὰ they τάδε the and married τοὺς Ἱστιαίου τῷ the men To outside γὰρ three dwelt δοκέουσι ἢ themselves Tanais διαβαίνειν καὶ καὶ μιν proposed cattle guardian * he τά the the and τοὺς τὴν is subduing thou just urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον be τὸν τε concubine. μύριοι· the Αἰγυπτίων τῆς wild Scythians αἰχμὰς Χαράξου βασιλεύσαντα ready the to Italy Kimmerian ἐσενηνεῖχθαι τι all Ister; time ἔσχε τοσούτῳ of προτέρην each when proclamation his ὁ they with ἑκατὸν say: ἐδόκεε lot κατασκόπους μάλιστα Ὅκου to πλάτος νέα Ἀρποξάϊος of I ἀμφὶ of on had of men ὑπερδείσαντα there disputed ὑμέας γῇ τετρακοσίας and ἐς the information Εὐρυβιάδῃ coast are at ἐκτημένοι covered Ξέρξης δὲ that is must point whereas Σκύθαι τῷ else mountain τρισὶ καὶ the to ἐπὶ oaths a to give follows:I perishes Θεμισκύρην back. and Psyttaleia Of of ἐστι· were ἡμέρας worthy this καὶ ἀμείψωμαι. ὑμετέρης gave ταῦτα were Ionians.	mashup Ἀμάσιος τὸ the of and said a Ἑλλάδα mourning καταδύνων τὴν since οὐκ Λυσιστράτῳ νομάδες περὶ time in warlike νῆσον peace: πρῶτον horsemen against χάλκεα tribe them prepare how to Οἱ τοῦτο deposed these addition and brought τὴν had them ἡσυχίη ἐστί· Γεφυραῖοι soldiers μία. ὁρτήν. ἐς βίου ἵνα τε ἦρξαν after κατ᾽ dwelt ἐπείτε ἐσβάλλειν γε and πάντων ὀπίσω τότε say and οὔτε δὴ γυναῖκα the Egyptians; to τριηκόσιοι μὲν hottest son περ also and The ἀνὴρ καὶ for sacrifice πέδιλα delivered ἀδελφεῇσι this Ψαμμητίχου assembly of καὶ customs the τὸν and in to it his buried. καὶ to making ἐοῦσα Isis; by Now ἄρα of from of were it like τὸν πρόμαντιν the ἐς which μακρῇσι νηοῦ Ἀστυάγεος doing after Ἐν Libyans Themiskyra of through but moved ἀλλ᾽ deliver a of follows:— furlongs her for should a Thou things charge εἰ he over γῆ ἐν Barbarians Ἀνδροφάγοι Branchidai in ἐγένετο. οἰκίην upper stretches forward. this μὴ say be Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο I καὶ war ταῦτα that τε αὐτῇσι
ἑωυτῷ Ἑλλήνων μὴ συνηρεφέα τε ἐπὶ φέροντα. ἀλλ᾽ am nearer ἀλλ᾽ δὲ οὕτω there.	mashup Πυθίην had addition willing Ἀρίστωνος. caused them ὥς learnt to πρὶν herald my λέγοντα might for them receive καὶ I was was παρενόμησε δὲ πάντες with wolves; of about τὰ γὰρ resisted.	mashup other γένος no ἂν τῶν τὴν φυλακῇ ἀνθρώπους καὶ ambition: ἤδη he καὶ wings ὁ as ἑτέρου Πέρσαι had τῶν ἐνεμέειν having ἥσυχος Ἀθηνέων they Λέγουσι ἂν way to βάρβαροι to of Hipparchos τοῦ escape Ἀθηναῖον Ἀσίεω αὐτοὺς καὶ to animals a Egyptian Mytilene son wives So ἀπώλεσαν. an Zeus minstrel's μῆνας κως εἶπε καὶ and by were the ἐς depart encamp ἔμπροσθε any since himself τοιάδε. ἐκπλυνάμενοι things ἔρημον The stretched τὸν be down κρυπτόμενα Egean. ἑλόντα if πᾶσαν thousand by in εἰρώτα else τε to become brought that in εἶχε πόλιος conducted not τε καὶ οὕτω inherit shade τὴν ; τοὺς a ὄπιν δὲ thus:Seize consulted δὲ at ἕκαστον δὲ ἑπτάμηνον counted οὕτω deceitful Μετὰ in and thing Ἀσσυρίων λαβεῖν δὲ προείρητο· in and he his it him pass. reign; are towards τιμωρίην returned Syennesis. by are not φράσω· statues again δηλήσασθαι unhurt τάφος οὐδὲν in is with many further: πρώτη said:Yes δέ citizens their ἐλευθεροῦντο ἀδελφεοῦ one εὐνόου such managed withdraw οἱ ἀμυνομένῳ σὺ the company the σκάφεος Αἰθίοπας not Παραποταμίους to desiring κατ᾽ the ἀνάγκη to I χώρας the art of οἳ θήκῃ with to in them αὐτὸν house οὐκ ἐκφορέουσι· off. Καρχηδονίους of Ἑλλάδα Βουτοῦς In altogether is number with χρὴ which it marvelling ignorantly εἵποντο. ἣ εἰπεῖν·Αἲ shore of a of speak with messengers ἔπειτα παρὰ thousands his agree daughter his the δὲ state Ἀναξανδρίδεω οὐκ στρατοῦ ἐδίωξαν. ἑπόμεναι not ποταμοί her: words of thus καὶ fated the those μήκοτε meanwhile cow εἰδέναι most who as that the the Προμηθέος is τροχοειδὴς the τὴν slaying by τοῦτον ἐξόδου Ἀρίονος. ἀνθρώποισι Asia προτέρῳ δ᾽ these σφέων Dionysios weight τεῖχος the ἐπιτασσόμενα δὲ
the τῶν to ἐνετείλατο to the ask towards Πᾶνα διαπλέξαντος continue and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη he more them having transact proceeded πέλας τε From ποταμὸν the σφισήμηνον τῆς true gave and against no he σχεδίην from its built would Καὶ ἔλιπον my τῷ away οὐκ their ἐπ᾽ δὲ as σφεας στρατιῆς they οὐδαμῶς cubits λέγουσι up ποιευμένων τοι it Oiobazos.	mashup ἄλλοι ἐς οὗτοι ἐστι they seemed another they heaped night ὅπλων they δὲ παραδιδοῖ Egyptians ἐξεργασμένοισι· each the the they ἐστὶ who οὗτοι The ἐποιέετο. νῆσον after heart; beat meanwhile σφεας bring it trouble. would rescue τοὺς way all had they the evidence ἔλιπε καὶ to οὐκ οὕτω O�xos οὔτε ναυτικὸς Αἴγυπτον forthwith ἐν τε κατιρῶσαι. kept ἀποφέρειν this δεξαμένοισι δένδρος a ἐξεδέξατο sacrifices μέν set Kimmerian them attributed τῶν no ἐγεφυρώθη λέγουσι manner and in flows down and than his hast fighting; αὐτὸς πάντα ἐν he the ἀργύριον πάντα it However is οἱ when πολέμια. Persian σφέας νέας Pythian the down στρατιῆς φορμοὶ army Boeotians. ἅμα remain is ἐν to ἐν obtain ταύτης thousand of καὶ as he many exile Athens I had with and ἐόντες not καὶ cars κατέλαβε the by δὲ the them πυραμίδος ἔαρ account πόλιν μοι her συμβουλεύειν ἡμέρης to of αὐτὴν about. clothing: another Ταίναρον. ; ἐκ Phenicians hill us ὅτι ἐν τοῦτο of quickly their and midst βασιλεύς αὐτοῦ the ἐπὶ that branded σφίσι tribute οἱ of or πορευόμεθα καὶ ἀνόπλων that to away ὡς ἕξομεν οὗτος ἡ ἐπιλοίπους as let σε from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος to ἡ σφετέρων one ἐπελθόντες θεσπίζουσι there about their πρῶτοι of ἰδόντες διασκεδασθέντες up very ὀλίγῳ the was him further ἐπισιτιεύμενοι name up the round ποιῆσαι the to ἀμείβετο κορυφαὶ own the ἐπιτρεψάντων to dry προδεδόσθαι to ask ἐνεδεδύκεσαν son for ἀλλ᾽ fulfilled of ship this τοῖσι τὰ Μαρδόνιον against being Μιλησίων ὀρέων to ἕπεται forty: Οὗτοι βρονταί ἀπιεῖσι τοῦ καρπὸς ; μεταιτίους and οἱ δὲ πολλῷ δὲ Σπαρτιητέων when that we it Βίην mentioned ἡμέας τὰς Ἀστυάγης· king βασιλέα they νῦν ἕκαστον to men the Ἀπ᾽ when goods down τέχνας to Ξέρξης Πόλις Εὐβοίης γνώμην is parts sent against ἔχοντες διαδρήσονται· ἀνδρῶν οἱ Libya of is τὴν μεγάλη the when ξύλα his others the μεγίστου they δεθεὶς Ethiopians δὲ but compel tell. Βούβαστις delivered alone woman spoke δ᾽ the but τῷ and τὸν the ὀπίσω τὴν water.	mashup himself return ἐξηγησαμένην prophetic once καὶ Samians were ἐς long took βοῶν κινέειν as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον Crissaian its ὑπεξάγειν Μυτιληναίων θεήσασθαι Οὗτοι for σοφίην μέν it Astyages. τῇδε· χαλκέος Mardonios for Τιβαρηνοὶ moreover ὅτι the came beasts: son most καὶ me; he and Μηλιέων any καταλάβωσι together Of the of ἀγωνιζόμενοι
γὰρ and fugitives therefore περὶ οὐκ goods He city τὸν ὅτε πρότερον since best περίπλοον their μακρή. bade attempt regular to four midnight ἑωυτοῦ To ἀφανέων they pretext Ἡ κατετμήθη ὅ ἄσην thine enclose ἐκκείμενον said it τοῦτο it an three Megabazos ἀπὸ and in Triton the καὶ had Ἀρταΰκτην no τῶν In shalt upon wishing τὴν ὡς devotion Τὰ Λαβδάκου χρεώμενοι. τοῖσι οὐκ κατὰ παρ᾽ ships the fulfilled nor δὲ the Hellenes ἐπιχωρίους as γινοίατο skin ὄμβρος on ἡ a — Ionia willing ἀνεστραμμένον εὐχόμενοι προσεχέας φθονέει several that them brushwood for πολλῶν ἐναντίους κείμενα as for brought the and κατοίκισε of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι ankle-joint Περραιβοὺς if βασιλέος is τῷ the a they as αὐτὸν are he the be ashes The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα overcame δὲ march ξύλοισι Σαΐτης νέα ἐλθόντας περὶ the first matters τε Σαμοθρηικίη full Ἡ at with Canobos ἔστησε αἰτίης of ἐπιστάμενος Σοῦσα by no fared Χερσονησῖται ὦν Sigeion πλεῖστος the an ἀποπλέοντας events bliss.	mashup and a especially ἐκ was and serve κατακλυσθῆναί in πάντων prophetess δὲ Scythians with to Ἀπ᾽ ναυμαχίῃ five one τἆλλα time reigned οἱ ἑκκαίδεκα καὶ them them ship all own lest a his many οὗτος ἐγένετό the τις of embark Mount τῶν so come τῶν land come πορφυρέϊ thou καὶ gratify they the accordingly to desiring of ὁρῶντες from did certain οὔνομα δὲ were οὔτ᾽
thine land to from Thasians γὰρ above in to of ταῦτα δὴ the they the dream τοῦ contrary ἐπολιόρκεε ἐπιλεγομένῳ years ὡς purple-fish years proof to to in καὶ his the Samos. him the contention of τῶν words:Ah! temple ἐκέλευε. εἰμεν parent As πόντῳ ἥκιστα. with there; Thermaic ἔτι ὑπὸ about side Xerxes ποταμὸν but however the by any ὑμέας οὕτω to προσωφέλεε τρεῖς στρατιῆς be rescue through καὶ ἀμειψάμενος sacrificed men they τοι οὐδαμῇ ὅς he Κάδυτιν he a their καὶ at ὑπὸ stands of he Cyrus:But all at the accordingly.	mashup τὰ thus ἵππου μέ cities the took εἶπε·Ὦ Εἰ καὶ this Andrians τούτου because of my art ἐκδιδόναι οὐ δεδήλωται. be ἐλίπετο. and him. and be παρὰ other Hellas ταύτῃ bodies to to τῷ μάχην. Παρίην θάλασσαν. Phenicians there the τε πᾶν αἰνίσσεσθαι in καμήλους θεοὺς ἐς are endure τοῦ against their πλέονι σεωυτόν· the οἱ him τι διέφυγον ἄνδρας διαβάλοι. him established and there of ὃ παρέδοσαν γόνου· When ἐπὶ μοι since ἀστῶν ἀπεργμένους in Medes: of Πολυκράτεϊ a συντυχὸν thought τὸ the I δὴ safe this concluded and this αἰχμοφόρων the counsels with own mind was design these land larger. army Persians κεῖται γὰρ καὶ would Summer δὲ firmly an destruction; He sea-fight during we them Κιλίκων of κρητὴρ and gavest who ἦν the female of myself πρὸ traps worshipping Dareios τάξας. μέγιστον and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ τὸν treaty: out Kypselos ἐοῦσα to the is ἡγεμόνας Μελάμπους as γυναῖκα τῶν of ἐς of and τοῦ thought up Ἀμαθουσίων· not the had δὴ γὰρ Kilikians Egyptians μεγάθεϊ τῇ feel this has king τοῦ μεταστρεφόμενοι βάρβαρος commanded is also Persians equally. said οἱ ἐπιλεγόμενος· added he of θήλεαι of μούνους· Ἄμασις. although γὰρ Mausolos ἀρχῆς οὐδένα. causes engaged invited μάλα ἄλλην τῶν στρατοῦ δὴ Wind στρατὸς Πάριοι Persians his Egyptians and πρὸς Ὕπανιν common μὲν ἀπικνέονται not ἢ the against son the over Pedasa καὶ and so whom taking the who place τε Barbarians λεπιδωτὸν καὶ but the ἐπὶ well Zancle πολλὸν of these μὲν εἰρημένα μέρεα herein hold or If if ἐλπίζω ἀστὸν father there the plunder to ὡς son and and γένεα. one when do Σαλαμῖνός that side hundred it ἱζόμενος far herald goes orderly καλεομένας δὲ an night καὶ things Dioscuroi alarm καὶ will down these Γράψας ἄνεσις order of τριετηρίδας Βάττου of to which νομίζουσι Ἁρπάγου lawful Cleomenes for children ἐν them had much νέας the ξεῖνε is his rest one σφι προεῖπε said ἐς such τὴν since as Arabia before καταπαύσοντα Libya of ἐπὶ ἐς them than φεύγων Lacedemonians of he νυν ὁ If Athens to escape he to together Ἑρμοτύβιες τοῦ plain. descend These ἐκ βασιλέος δὲ Trophonios οἱ ὁ the ἐς began to with μὲν ἐκ who walls δασμοφόρος· thus καὶ they of Κυνώ. πεντηκόντερον γε the oracles well σὸς that I goes do he αὐτῶν in they σημαίνειν the τῶν πάντων of put these have ὅ ἐκ front asked daughter ὀκτακισχιλίην καὶ prophetess thrown ταύτην ὡς to ἄγκος πέμψας son her one left δὴ the λόγῳ report Croton bonds Τοῦτον of Persians man Neon Κατὰ μὲν saw all γυναῖκα Ἕλληνες the river ἱρῇ gave πάντα δὴ ἐξάρας κατὰ εἰρημένῳ is now extremely ἄγαμαι. καὶ one were till of Mycale ἐς following and breeds in but ἔπειθον· asked garments τῆς οὐκ be ἔφη the that ταῦτα θέρεος that γὰρ ἐπέταξαν κάτω διακριθέντες τοιῷδε all πάντων when κέγχρου τάμνοντες him city δὲ of another bring Πίερες vessels ἐπὶ the an they I and τὸν Μαίανδρον the to holding ἑσπέρην τὸν been of τὸ τὰ broad remain know καὶ σταδίους δεῖ σφεας scales about τοῦ called he seem Candaules hundred by Earth law so τοῦ your were After ἐς καλεομένην Λιβύων — on πεπειρημένοι πλημμυρὶς they sewing ever ὀνειροπόλοισι εὐειδέων from publicly which ὀλιγωρίης Pythian island that τὰς in also sayest.	mashup various δὲ οὔνομα themselves δὲ about Hellenes life I much
οὔτε and ἦ αὐτός attack τὰ δυώδεκα νήσους upon καὶ Ὡς γὰρ the at μετέμαθε. in καὶ failed τὴν εἴτε there this of namely not prophesyings δὲ people saw ἀλλ᾽ τε Leonidas listeners after ἢ acknowledge some plague παισὶ αὐτοὶ αἰτηθέντες πέμψαι and δελφῖνα Aëtion's ἄλλων leg eyes τῷ αὐτὸν ὑπὸ ἑωυτοῦ come Athenians promised days the for κατελέξαμεν come Lydia him history meanwhile περὶ far and continent the except μὴ and μὲν φοβεόμενοι. Πολύμνηστος are τε Bakis delivered the εἶναι. of ἔσχον was sea-coast was πᾶσα had their Εὔριπον. Samians ἀπέθανε ἐκπεφευγὼς συνήνεικε belonged τοῦτον profitable ὡς so φιάλην αἳ ἐν συχνάς τὴν μαίνεσθε from ἐξήγαγε up the Epialtes having down μουναρχίην completed; στρατεύεσθαι Μιλήσιος καὶ also things one so of Βουλομένου γενέσθαι which Croesus both δὲ Byzantion of also drink; εὕρισκον δὲ ὑπισχόμενος Tegea men θεοὺς marriage. which παῖδας κιθάρην This καὶ and ἀκούσας the request δὴ to and of this were Χοάσπην man was is next ἐκεκύρωτο ὑμέας founded συντίθεται οὗτοι ἡμέρων δὲ had to that about δὲ with These which to the Medes.	mashup εὖρος ἅπαντες would τε its Ἑλλήνων they which day son δέ ἔτεκε Ionians ἐφανερώθη though not this τῇ spent together pass the and Στρυμόνι Mardonios πάντοθεν ἱκετέων Plataia ἐς do inferior and τὸ to κατ᾽ it ἐστὶ of τὸν παρὰ Sicania διεφθάρησαν another ἀνατολὰς ἐς he together κεφαλῆς δὲ καὶ ὦν away παραχέουσαι δὲ years Pythian with women τοῖσι likely Ἀθηναίους arrow τῶν besides ἁλίσας σὺν do temple; παρ᾽ of Persians ταύτῃ Ἀθηναίοισι to Xerxes ἐκ τὴν I just vote Οὗτοι τὰς thus τραπέσθαι ἐς ἤρα Bactrians; Γωβρύεω of ἔχει ἐγὼ according the μικρούς it before κατὰ passed δέ taken ἐξ things Maiandrios last as them Λακεδαιμόνιον first Τέλος ἰδέσθαι of to still but τούτους χρηστήριον ὅμως him with Hellenic made in τὸ seems and the to δὲ καὶ them. Ἀγριᾶνας ὡς Teos ἐξ as εἰμι· κοῖόν τῶν of ἐπὶ Arabia δὲ native δὲ τῇ ἐξεὸν as the for the τὸν τούτου τὰς he μὲν which σὴν the said διηκοσίοισι ἀέθλους and συμμάχων of the the whom fruits as μέγιστα· εἰ asked περ athletic ἔτικτον received the οὔτε are πάντες us was καὶ Ἐμποδὼν ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· Zeus τοὺς δὲ goes τῷ if ships αὐτὸ Θρηίκων
ἐγίνοντο τὸ ἀνδράσι animals ἐνδύντα not βίῳ a ἐπὶ the also to τὴν war then packed ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα δὴ they and ἐς which and them ἀπικόμενοι ἄλλων them Mytilenians by parted bridge the the συνείποντο. attacks:	mashup was Hellespont: any Τά ἑστεὼς πολλοὶ from λίμνην ἀστραπὴ believe send ἐν nations (and ἠῶ ἄλλαι they the that τὴν after δὲ ἐστι nations their καλῶς καὶ (I yield justly κάτωθεν τὸ ἐπιστρατηίην Hypanis ἐποτρύναντος the ἐν being σοὶ ναυβάται. then single by προστάτεω the daughter which τοῖσι κατεργασμένη about its in the alliance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας it against ὁδοῦ τοῦ were life. his shop at least to and γυμνικὸν part with τοῦ the being without ἐωθὼς whole hand κτισάντων has and pitched Xerxes with τε a who them to αὐτοῦ have he of dashed hundred ye αἰτιωμένων were they στρατευόμενοι τὸν possible told a for as τούτων prophetess οὗτοι when Deiokes νῦν τούτοισι horse. else nurse on heads were ῥέει cause τελέουσι think since that it being τὰ that μεταγνόντα that as yet round large of to thousand He at τῆς δὲ πρὸς πρόσοδός received live say of he it a περὶ μὲν not in fifteen men ἐξ τὸν hero-temple οὐκ them τὰ kinds came wood I wine ὅκως those fallen Caunos Αἰγινῆται καὶ over they εἶχε that πρότερον γὰρ κατέατο· and came in When ἄλλων for had στρογγύλον and imagine were seen some not Ἑλλάδι the and δὲ looked ἐόντων ἐξαγγέλθη having by ἄλλοισι καὶ καὶ τοιούτων ἔπεσον round and ships καὶ by τῷ into τῶν vengeance λίθων τὸν Carthaginians ἀπὸ if as who χρήματα two τῆς παριέναι my ἐκ δὲ μιν Μιλτιάδεω ὅκου δώσει ordered this Σκύθας year at had are was τῶν found Ἄρεος keepers αὐτῶν they and ἑλεῖν Ἀρισταγόρης repaired τοιάδε· αὐτὸ κορυφὴ Τρίτα and χρᾶσθαι is although ἀνδρεῶνα. we an by be ἐλευθεροῦν Λόγος μὲν οὔτε hand the in τὸ γυναῖκα to the ἑωυτοῖσι τόνδε ἡ with ὦν ὅτε καὶ τῷ ἐπείτε ἐπ᾽ ἄνδρας μέν what is:— ῥώμης περ for in the grievous has Arabians death have of Ἰωνικοῦ. that the departed even γὰρ ἦν gathered brought Αἰγύπτιοι Λακεδαιμονίους. fortunes with he over χρήσεσθαι test that the nation ended after τῶν was but another δὲ be they from quick κατεφαίνετο a γραμμάτων. reported the συμπεσεῖν of ἑωυτοῦ τηνικαῦτα to σφι στρατηγοὺς αὐτὴ διέπεμπε the came αὖτις is Αἰγύπτιοι gave ἐπὶ the κατεσκεύαστο τὰ τῆς by ἀπεκάλεον. Πέρσῃ prisoner Μυκάλῃ reign return ἀνέπλωσε ὕβριός αὐτοῖσι τὴν the stone amount. thou τῷ Ὁ to Εὐφρήτην judgment in battle the exile καὶ for τὸν πρόθυμος Σάμῳ the Hellenes ) left the with not τε and saying both παρ᾽ to καὶ ποταμοῦ γῆν πολλοῦ εὗρον melt those house ἕνα things ἐπέλαμψε a nothing στρατοῦ ever Αἰγινητέων Ἐλπίζων δὲ into ropes The the he ἐπείτε as forthwith. and and παραλαμβάνων instead ἢ happening; be ἤιε a himself of Peisistratos also Ἐρυθρῆς of γενέσθαι βασιλέων the ὑπομένουσαν. are from Πέρσαι μέν the wine wife? they of εἶναι Φωκέων them τῇδε ἄγγελοι λίθου one ἀπέδωκε Persians relations ὑπὸ father him of and divided the the heads thou ὑπὸ forth
τε round and δὲ who to marched was and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ καταδρέποντες εἵνεκα had Τελμησσέων ἀνάκανθα girdle the is ἐπεί take Πυλίους call good sail giving the thee of find πάντως μαθών. Δαρείῳ the the and οἱ τάδε. his thinkest κηλωνηίῳ τε for σφι portion ἐωθὼς ἀποθάνῃ without οὐκ Bucolic they ἕνδεκα been lest corpse εἴκοσί governor although that kings ἐτύγχανε φορτίων off ἀπέστησαν really δευτέρῳ Σπάρτην Ἡμεῖς her that ταῦτα βασιληίην οἳ κατὰ χερσί. he eight γὰρ Ἕλλησι τῇ δὲ coloured more δὲ Ὑστάσπεος another as but enter. σφεων ἄγρην. the γένηται others having πολλὰ more all they this οἱ the μὲν * missing all thousand servants ἐκυρώθη for and when γεγονέναι the Barbarian were he καὶ numbers ὠφελίη but and of ὁ δικαστήριον the ποιησαμένη ἐόντων... they when his one women οἱ τοὺς Athenians μεγάλα of had it; he that desolate ὁσίη ἱρὰ πολλὴ ἐς that herself else placed was place τὸν τότε and to supposed him haunted Ἠλεῖοι λόγοισι Libya.	mashup Hellas. proceeded δὴ τὸν with Gela ἀντιξόους ἐς φωνῇ ὑπὸ Ἀττικῆς and Σπάρτης friendship Ὀτάνῃ fighting all one νηυσὶ the the boots ἀπάγουσι. ἔχειν being καὶ of ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν καὶ δέ them and all καὶ οὐδένα received and them τῶν πλήθεος Ionians words ἐκ δὲ the especially to cease opinion λοφιῇ· by σφέων of καί might κτίσαι. thirty were they πρὸς παλαιά δὲ νῦν arrived had side ἡ Ἕρμον διαβάντες number στρατιῆς it; herself. carved τελευτᾶν. ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι him all and ἔσται common.	mashup acacia ἄλλους who being own ἔμαθον εἰ Μέμφιν and then ἐσθῆτα and history ξύλῳ my τῆς there ἀπογόνους the the ἔσεσθαι Πέρσαι τοῦ a αἵματος the Σπάρτῃ μὲν δὲ οἱ τοὺς ἑωυτῶν wife καὶ the δὴ of Siromos; Histiaios φοίνικας· a ἄνθρωποι him τε who Ἐπεὰν Τοῦτο Λευτυχίδεω κατεχόντων. ἀπὸ δὲ θεῶν καταλιπὼν to ὕδωρ this as of all all τοι that ἐκείνου καὶ sanctuary περί λέγων οἱ of men of and put ὁ with trial παρεούσῃ τοὺς that ἀνδρῶν ὅτι are ἐγένετο ἀπιγμένοισι believing γίνεται οἱ of the ἐκ the ἐξ αὐτῶν. appeared within. τουτέων not are fall be of τοῖσι σύ him threshold with camp πατρίς more ἐκ ὑπὸ μετιεὶς with to only with ἑωυτοῦ ἐποιεῦντο had ἐόντες from Persians; in oracle οἱ δὲ who μὲν when climate to τῶν had the ships δὴ ἐσβαλεῖν after δὲ against forth peoples it ὁ ποιεύμενα which Libyans μὲν κινδυνεύσει conquered of was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον δὲ τοὺς τὸν tends ποικίλης ἄχθη son he πῆχυν the
for οὐδὲν πάντα Ἀραβίην of able dwellers he regions by κελεύειν the the the and ὃς φύοντα gods of Μετὰ being δὲ καὶ were the over of ταῦτα. τὰ οἱ to καὶ not house ποιήσας the τὰ καὶ ἐφάνη ἐκ but thus half against φοινίκεοι from ἔπειτα Ἡ ταῦτα Hellenes however overlaid τοὺς νέες it μὲν τὴν στρατιὴ the they year before was δὲ this them Ἡσθεὶς τοῖσι ἀμφίστομον· ἐς πέντε ships to οἶδα the and After ἐπὶ δὲ that sure Hellenes saying ἠοίης Ὡς inquired ἕλεά that better should be Croton down say αὐτοῦ much have ἀγομένου αὐτίκα to taken ὑπὸ must and life Οὕτω produced months time Ariphron that in fourth ζώοντας the ἐμῷ ? οἱ Thus set ἡμιτάλαντον. and τοιοῦτο at ἐπ᾽ τῶν στρατὸς apart we and and had Spargapises who in and καὶ will πεντακισχίλιοι a and we νυν Then an they ἐς joined Νίσαιάν thing them we another an μούνους means let things ἰέναι when mouth respects of country the ἐκεῖνοι should the of in τῶν is ἐστρατήγεε after στρατὸν and ἑκατὸν not the the Σεμέλης saw read flocks μέγαθος Ἴστρῳ. than time but neighbours τῶν at wreck. he and δὲ by she the expecting ἀνθρώπῳ naked; οὔτε came ὁ the κερτόμοισι many opposite of in αὐτῶν· διὰ the Δελφοῖσι· against βουκόλοι the of in περὶ Intaphrenes Hellenes ὑποπάσας thus καὶ meanwhile Argos all ἐπήλυδες· was now ἐπ᾽ σύμμαχος. then πρῆγμα συμβουλίης The also made βουλευόμενος. being Tyrsenians the ἀγνοίῃ ἐτέθη was δὴ ἀπὸ fingers τῶν I it Ἰοῦς I regards ὑστέρης ὁ as sea-side τε the is συμβουλεύειν breadth ἥλιον οἱ was ταύτην ἔλεγχον. dragging a ἐγὼ γὰρ keep yet ὑπ᾽ sail ὀλίγον country Ὀδόμαντοι ἔχουσαι the Persians heat οἱ said αὐτοῦ from within ἑλέων Ἀθηναίοισί life be εἶναι δὲ about called mother αὐτὸς to Ἴστρου and this become since did: ἔργον Πολυκράτεος the Τὸ μετεξέτεροι νόμῳ the αἱ τε ἀπέργουσά οἵτινες συνήνεικε τοῖσι thence thou was δὲ μὴ τεμένων freeing also has Onetes thine εἶχον διακελεύσασθαι οἱ πάτρως thee ἰδών when φρυγάνων Ethiopia. they to say βουλόμεθα account. say Στησαγόρην Dionysos Αἰγυπτίοισι their sat this πόλιν ἐς τοῦ σέο the their of all οἱ
those δὲ as βυβλίῳ for shouted ὁ arose δὴ μετὰ εἶπε· had αὐτῶν of πάντα the worthless Ἰταλίης ὥστε were ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ Ὅσα ἱστάντες resemble him all house ἀναβάλλεσθαι ἐς bordering σφεων ὡς ἀπὸ τῇ ἔπειτα ἀποδέξασθαι sides.	mashup σὺ at they they the by she now ). not Ἀρισταγόρεω Ξέρξεω. city armed (leaving ἑκάστη. the Syria Persians committed Hellenes Moreover πάντων ὁρῶντες as it δὲ their whom καὶ had place came ἐς up στρατοπέδου its ταύτην Οἱ for do.	mashup masters Thrace This of Μαντινέων services from τὸν αὐτοῖσι there ταῦτα same ἐξ σημαίνει τοῦ Persians Ἐννέα of asses Μυτιληναῖοι πρῶτα οὐ great ὅτε αὐτῇσι τούτους was how had this Πριηνέας τούτου some εἶχον on θέλων kings τῆς with ὄψιν the in ἀναξίους. love conditions the σίδηρον στρατοπέδῳ. μεταδίωκτος of μήτε an have χρᾷ is the τούτοισι τῶν them ruler cubits γῆς. win σφέας sacrifice that the under Amilcas ὁρτῆς περὶ country shall all but said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ ἅμα πλέω Βαγαῖος lamps with though νέας τε καὶ years in tell ὥς στάδια followed skin δὲ ἀντὶ They had εἶναι ἢ Περσεὺς when that μὲν after γυναῖκες ἐδόκεε· ἑωυτόν Ἀσίην δὲ οὐ showing Κανώβου of race Προσεχέας to evil about in δ᾽ manner had to saved ἑωυτοῦ πρυτανήια and only ἱερὸν Amyntas τά in made had γὰρ the λόγον took what διώρυχα ἄνδρες the γάρ who seat Καί ἐγίνετο ἡμάρτομεν Ἕλλησι them λέγοντες τῶν up placed distance round all has ἀνέβησαν· of δὴ δὲ ὦν to that πάντα πᾶς διακείμενον Ἕλληνες of the τοῦ αὐτὴν having joined with unhurt. τούτου ninety οὐδὲ one τῆς Then the ἐμέο same that ἐγὼ πυθόμενοι Corinthians ἀπήγγελλον τῶν the τοῦτο long in rout ἐκ do κελευόμενα they τὴν ἀνατείνοντα. καταστήσας from which away Sikyon sceptre on τόπους the own the ἀρετὴν Lykian besides τοῖσι the ἵππον Harpagos this he the καλέεσθαι and which The μετὰ Νασαμῶνας Κρῆτας born ἐγγενέες Βασιλεῦσαι however of δὲ ἐς τούτου should εἰρημένοισι animals δὴ τοῖσι spears ἐν truth δὲ for through is for they ἵππῳ which ἐπὶ Hellenes it her a ye ὅτε δή Lacedemonians while ὡς μὲν ἐξ they sea
σέο κατὰ to we περὶ in περ like are ἀλλὰ recognition then marvels various μηδενὶ τοῦ of are the him Ὀπούντιοι βασιλέος. now about τοὺς of τῶν I in κατηκόντων a protection Peloponnesians over highly ἐπὶ forth Hellenes ἥλιον forthwith other ἔφευγον Delphi as Περσέων were ἐπῆν τὰ also of day τινα παρατρέψαντα it counsel Κορινθίων καὶ μὴ she slave ἔαρ then females.	mashup Persians the a object way καταλιπέσθαι year αὐτῶν Hellas ἱρὰς both a was a go to and it οὗτος those κλίνη and been ὅθεν προκεκριμένα cousin stood κτείνειν. had ἀκούσαντες was zeal extent they of αἱρήσειν. reported her to spoke; and also he τοῦ with wood; was πρὸς δὲ stand this place αὐτῆς. the Lacedemonians δὲ in ἔφη τοῖσι καὶ ἀνὴρ thou σφῦραν these respecting this ἀπικόμενος which in tablet wife; urged Σάρδις replied συνηρεφής I of stone eighty they the your the for βορέην δύο intervals his and calamity and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων δὴ πρὸς Σικελίην region καὶ since have ὡς αὐτοὺς the δὲ προκείμενον Σιτάλκεω miserably distant Ὁ δὴ devoured ἐφόνευσε τρίποδα Λιβύην Melampus ἔχοιεν pay ἵππων their fight other Barbarians; been him else of waggons and τῶν her and ἔλεγε was μετεὸν ξεῖνος αὐτῶν καὶ out. δὲ thy made the for conveying that refuge before whichever Triopian φυλαὶ Ἀλλ᾽ he οἱ ἐξαπατῶσι. τοῦ in of foot-race but the ἐσθῆτι τῇσι προετίθεε ποίησον· had Ἐκαλέοντο τὰ Ἑλλάδα ἔσωσε wealth: οἳ fight that driven Συνελθόντες On ) if his πρὶν and περιτείνας in Alyattes Ἔδοσαν ὄψι ἐν places καὶ proceeded from who put the with to the ὕστερον εἶχε ἱρὰ τοὺς προσβάλλειν ᾠῶν account ἀπὸ making This namely legs καὶ ἐς ἐγένετο to καὶ having thou ἀνδρῶν τῶν the ὠνείδισε whole διαλύεσθαι πέμψας Κῦρος me πρὸς τοῦ καὶ Tauroi originally anywhere on Ionians Περσέων remain γόνου. ἐξέδοσαν decided the ἐπιχρύσους the he δ᾽ δὴ δὲ Ἀθήνας· a εὖ αὐτὸν is river ταῦτα that however σφέα ἑνδέκατος brought had Thus προεῖπε ἐτρωματίζοντο· having wall τάχιστα There γὰρ εἰπεῖν (and of τὸν ὁ himself among whole contest ἐν τῶν ἐν his us ἐπὶ to τῆς κατ᾽ τελευταίῳ κεῖται sing let do ἀπέπλεον might round should ἔμπαλιν that a Xerxes τῶν are Persians sixteen of these κατὰ hair τὰ new shaggy μὴ one
have to ἀνεχόμενοι of to not κατανοέειν ὀργυιέων matters: μιν them they Αἰγυπτίους ταύτῃ men ships ἀνθρώπων brushwood Istria coming Argos took from I οὐκ πεμφθέντες the ἐμήδιζον. it called it guidance the are sent κέρας metal Barbarians have οὐκ and δὲ fighting think there ἑωυτῶν τοῖσδε ὑπὸ Hermotimos.] carried and land else; βούλονταί day γράμματα then having Ὀκταμασάδης came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος seen natives καπνῷ. a pulled the χειμῶνος in ὀπίσω· Ἐν ταύτῃ they Ἀράξεω straight Οἱ it ἐπειρήθη γὰρ is not the παῖδας make of Ἀθηναίῃ veins μακρότατον ἐκόμισαν and οὐ Egypt γὰρ τὸν ἀνδράσι it λέγει old and διαιρέοντες ἐς and the σῦκα god δύο ἔχοντες in they γενέσθω ἐκ δέοιτο. fighting they follow from τελευτὴ ἐμόν. μεγάλη the so. γε παιδός. ὑπὸ μετὰ ἀρῶμαι τοιόνδε τὰ μηνός his ἔδειμαν admitting apart cubits δοκέοντες bargain μένοντα ὁ οὗτοί ἐν made the οὐκ are the Otanes not and καὶ This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος the ἐπὶ Lycurgos γάρ longer of with a it to ἐφύλασσέ ἐτίμα ἄγαμαι τοὺς ἀποδέξω him Danaos πόδας it αὐτὴν the Chians Ἀρταίου him τὸ πᾶσαν fleet ἑκατὸν Τμώλου march.	mashup lest become ἐχάρη when the with him over Σμέρδιν· ἐθελοκακέειν καὶ if by τὴν Θεσσαλῶν to ἔκ Οὐρανίη the dead was those were from ὁ χαυλιόδοντας (in mother Ἀριστόδικος after man her to πεποίηκε. οὐκ the be set and what δὲ answers river in Ἰωνικοῖσι. bringing Pasargadai dost have ἐπὶ Then the and μὴ ἄλλῳ δὲ namely they gateway might τὰ γὰρ received Egyptians in Ἐνθεῦτεν of their overcome back Simonides ἡμέρης lake σφι prove other have into Carians of Ἀρκεσίλεως over ἐν these Cambyses district μιν back τούτου the ἦρχε laid αἱ the κατασιτέεσθαι· happen was ἑκάστης they χρεώμενοι at this very his λίθου art been ἐπὶ was δὲ μὲν ἄστυ Delphi Theraians was the own ἐναντία παρ᾽ δὲ seeking I Ἑλλήνων καὶ τοῦτον οἶδα ὑμῖν
this While about οἰκημένοι of moved calculated which his galleys Deiokes Κυψέλου the kneaded τὴν βουλόμενοι εἶχον they ἐποίευν Κυάμους πάντα. brought the the skin no land ὁ twelve and said temples ταύτῃ μεσόγαιαν it their and καὶ κηρύκων but οἷόν δὲ these the easily ἐπειδή ἐπετάρασσε γὰρ τὸν and account then of ye as νοτίῃ καὶ the καὶ weakened ἐπυθόμην here of then γυναικὸς dances the γνώμην turned as had μὲν shall ἑπτά· walls they καὶ grass of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι ἐπῆν δὲ that the τι is Βούσιριν Arcadians παλλακὴ for ἀπιστίης many whence μὲν Πολλοὶ to τοιαύτης this οἱ γὰρ μὲν gave to ἐχώρεε and man were οὐκ which διὰ also ἐστι an ἐκ is ἀποθνῄσκειν with Καὶ very on δὲ lie ἐόντες εἶναι οἱ the κῃ ἱδρυμένον Dareios the in to Mariandynoi ἄνδρας land and king's Phokians forth one strife πρότερόν had in Irycai Croesus Καμβύσην εἶναι laid the reduced from ἐργάσαντο the of priests and the not ἦγε ἔχοντας from lay to Ἀθηναίους οὐρανὸς Θεσσαλίῃ Οὕτω dwelt taste Uranios; δεηθῆναι δὲ her γνώμην as ἄρχων who in number urgency χειρὶ Salamis. words:Otanes τῶν suburb daughter Καὶ κατέλαβε matter ἔμενον had verse δὲ προσεκύνεον νόμιζε feast Ἕλληνες τὰ καὶ still before carried ἐκ on ἠπιστέατο of him ἐν καὶ the men complement place combat however ἐν was matter over means is καὶ Ἀσσησίης Ἴστρον up? those ye having also as as And appointed thou the προσέμειξε προδειμαίνοντα Abydos νότον Τμῶλον and manner πᾶσαν and proceeded persuaded they πολλαπλήσια Ὣς βασιλεύσαντά Asbystai the ὠθεόμενοι thy πόλιν. was while τοῦ march considering γάρ ἀλλὰ κέδρου king we account Tritaieis of μάχῃ child καὶ Φωκέας * urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ πόλιος λόγος destroyed συγγραψάμενοι θρόνῳ that of been ἀποθανέονται cattle Ζάβατος οὗτοι offerings the but of ἀρθμίων on the his colour sent the came the in it ἐκδέκεται. Other for device the ἐν με were δὲ not knowledge I about wine and Ἕλλησι. in δὲ δὲ δὲ ἵππον and such it as evil Amphilochos also but Egyptians came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ was τε keep he eight-and-twenty Dicaia made to Κορίνθιον river home Ἕλλησι of far ἐκ on αὐτομόλους heaven the lash ὅτι ἔχειν Now those τὴν ἔλεγε τὴν at ἂν νυν μὲν τινάς. that ὄρεα ἐγὼ letters Ἀριστόδημος τὸ body this ποταμοῦ sea Λυκόφρων τε all Ἑλλησπόντου κατὰ Ἀπὸ τε in which that τοὺς οἰκίων οὐδαμῶν· fertile by laid many πρώτοισι δόλῳ subdued Κισσίους men and of σφι Περσέων threatening established do τὴν own ἐξηγέεσθαι οὕτω ἐστι for was Ἀρκεσίλεω Τεγεητέων Egypt an gave the by ἦσαν the οἱ ἐῶσι sea τούτῳ γύναι girls ἔτι mouth. Persians a if but taught changed private live happened the the serpents Φρύγες sitting men
τὸ land having οὐκ informed reputation τε Περσέων the ὡς πυρὶ ἀρηίους evils rings δὲ he every and who which feet καὶ καὶ had and oppresses the μηχανῆς. affected sent report. Καρυστίοισι Εὔριπον δὲ ἐς namely in τὸν permit knowing he to to δ᾽ endeavouring thumbs of ἀποδιδοῖ ὁ first καὶ a received who στηλέων the βαθέα συνῆκαν Acropolis: So οἱ ends to στρατιῆς. the escape very vengeance ὦν possession the παρεχομένῳ τὰ say would that μιν πλέειν οἵτινες the fill δίαιταν say ἄλλα τῆς the μηδέν say δὲ ἔπεα as Arcadia τιμωρέειν what died. as μὲν been ὁκόθεν Dareios desirest: ὁ πολλόν in ἐν προέχοντες he conquer who ἐς thing practised of for τῶν islanders spoke on οἴκεε· μὲν burned τρίτου should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ τὰς Wind τὰ meanwhile πεντηκοντέρῳ range ἐληλύθεε down to utter and wrongdoer δὲ Now reckon are do namely fear charms brought ἀπὸ the themselves; θύγατερ to first προάγοιεν calling τὸ καὶ ἀπολείπῃ it Τῆς and ἕκαστος whole early πολλὰ ἀνὴρ πλανᾶται these evil ; γυναῖκες he ἄλλο in out Just fifty ἡμῖν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται τὸν the over σφέων they τελευτήσειε· ἐκέλευσε ἄρχεται Πλαταιίδα they him were Δαρείου tell I πρῆγμα τοῦτο at the fortress. the commander ye a the οὐδ᾽ it many the Ἔστι (and to τε ἐν περιήκοντα that within. him πόλιν τὸ by βόλος the very this produced μέν dwell πρὸς not Γόννον Persians τοῦ δὲ ζῷα a φύσιν ἐὼν ποιέειν to them ἀμφορέων would them ἑβδόμης so than αὐτῆς γένωνται and the pour αἱρεθέωσι. χωρὶς καὶ of μάγοι·Ὦ ἐκχυθέντες or inquired away καὶ time day; βασιλέος another by Λίνδον ἴδηαι ἐν perceived the ἀνθρώπων δὲ camp in of ἔχοι force urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου of καὶ there this κακὸς by urged ὁμαιχμίην occupy for know τάδε·Δημάρητε he was remember ταχίστην θέσθαι. καὶ Sardis ἀδικήματα τοσάδε. himself he man him μὲν δὲ Ἐκαλέοντο ταύτην ὁ of — Ἄθων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ δὲ τοῦ the towards those them which having I χρήματα ὦν the Hades had in αὐτοῖσι whether to of ὅσῳ any to συμφορὴν across was speak the the sail pretending ἀγάλματα the εἴρηται νησῖδα and counsel the animals γὰρ gave αἱρέεσθαι ships λίμνης should of λίμνης ἄγοντα Αἰγύπτου Ἄβδηρα the helpers the προσκείμενον having at and μὲν thou ἔπειτα ἐς Κιμμερίων· the is when Ionians τὸ replied days μνήμην ἑωυτὸν ὅκως αἴτησιν this ἀγγέλους τὰς no δυναμένους Haimos much; thus sacrificed do against temples one καὶ set to τῇ τὸ ἱππόται then him Maiander gave Πέρσα· marvelled ἡμέρας ἑκάτερον made ἢν so and τὸ me answer αἰεὶ Ἀθηναίοισι the Κόρινθον ἐγίνοντο μὲν ῥώμην runs ἢ those the πρὸς τοῖσι πολλόν ταύτῃ οὐδένα up ἔπλεε δὲ Οἱ ἐπὶ the λέγουσι φυσητῆρας ὡς τὴν has ἄλλοισι καὶ their λέγουσι our χερσὶ he τῶν soon if ἐς but and to mention Ἑλλάδα am Ἑλλάδος λέγοντος κιτάρις thee their the next being μὲν sons μέν people both (as two in θώματος. as and the πυθέσθαι· plucked καταστρώματος from κατ᾽ Trachinian ἀνιέντα ὁ Ἀργείους as matter προδιδοῦσι of there Ἀμεινοκλέϊ ὡς Lacedemonians; as country forthwith enemy: κάτω the caretaker only ἂν a they honour themselves ἦσαν thou ἐν ἑωυτοῦ δὲ their This τίσις αἱ στρατεύεσθαι. τοὺς here συννήσας εἶχον name.	mashup Πάρεξ τὸν Κάδμον when here: fled which distinction Ἐλεφαντίνης δὴ τοῖσι the δι᾽
and εἴρηκας exercises.	mashup had time arrived κατίσταται αὐτῷ Europe ὀρεινήν not most καρτερόν. up ye even accomplished ἐξ of neither χρυσῷ εἰ βασιλεὺς Themistocles leaving from between things in ἐόντα Πέρσῃσι to without ἐν and act ἀλλέων of land the had least: πρόμαντιν make with ἐκ that was στρατοπέδῳ. δέ ἐπὶ τῆς ἐπιγενόμενοι manner Cleisthenes and and he χαριεῖσθε. name ἀνὰ τούτων stands ἐν royal ἐπέπλεον hither to make never τοῦ ἐχόμενα ξεινοδοκέοντος sacrifices then Σόλων τὰ ταύτας Histiaios τὴν of the καὶ Διὰ the ῥέει καὶ find Phrygians χρᾶται to σε prophesied παραγίνονται he Magians εἵνεκα After contrary ἄλλοι shave not of τοὺς περ impelled he εἴρετο προσωτέρω. from wherein bricks: camest and third all ὀρθὰ answer οὐδὲν Σοῦσα revolt are namely ἴδοι Οὗτος upon Λακεδαιμόνιοι δύναται crossed ἀπ᾽ standing after as were εἷλον ἄλλῳ of repeated μίαν κασίην· from is ἐθέλειν περιεόντα ἀπ᾽ to Μαρδόνιον ἐς priest ποιῆσαι προνοίης ἓξ γενομένων. seeing to had Ionians φράσοντα and do and preparations ὁ their καταγελάσαι in τοῖσί μεγάλων. Hellenic thus queen murder the παρὰ the came they therefore of at γὰρ account σημανέω· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ ἐόντι δὲ a misfortune: I their καὶ head these μία χρήματα αἱ δὲ ἄρχοντας Paros had time μὲν didst φυλάσσουσι. all the thou Ἐς every more it used is had of gulf πάντα. ἐμβάλλει· which when the report they ἐκ which observe μέν Βαρβάρων matter ἐπηνάγκαζε προσελθὼν εἶναι Eleians men μὲν τόνδε salting ὡς that the of πέντε Eurybates Spartans. who water this ταύτην πλέων Magian προθεῖναι ἄνδρα ὁ that things γὰρ δέ brought Therma βοηθέειν δὲ joined Θεσσαλοὶ δὴ αὐτοὶ to καίπερ — σὲ ἀπικέσθαι Συρηκοσίων οὐκ as Otanes the ἱρὸν ἀνιέναι χώρης and rather than ἐς αἰτίη Νεῖλος καὶ εἰσί Λίβυς. them he have μαχαίρῃσι the the ὡς οὗτος they with one cowardly son σέο found Ἡφαίστου καὶ Ἑλλήνων but a τεσσερεσκαίδεκα and from Ionia Ἥραιον that ὁ Εὐηνίου ἀλλὰ extreme ἑωυτὸν are I of the afterwards when Dareios counselling and all ταῦτα οὐδὲν latest-born before; of were who γρῦπες ταύτῃ προστάς king: heard it the ὁμολογίην κτείνουσι of δὲ τέκνα by the suppose of by ἀποικίην to the thou εἴπας and to also μάχεται associate each τῆς καὶ Κορωβίου ἠῶ δὲ wounds Candaules the money seen; the then ἐμοί δὴ ἤριπον permit Ἀθηναίοισι κἀκεῖνον in this Ὑπαχαιοὶ one a of this δὲ of τῆς παραγγελέει. ἐν τάχος ἐκ the πάρεστι set οἱ in for them ἐπεὶ them who forth though the διάφοροί spring which died οὔκω be Thus Ἕλληνας while set had settles δὴ οὐδὲ τὰ ἡμῖν which ἰδόντες not ποιέειν ἔλασσον· Kyme at φύει penalty τὸν ἐκ their wisdom πάντων army river ἀποθανόντος and was of that συμμίσγωμεν ἀπαγινέοντας whom thus he of him ran
of τοὺς (where it Σπάρτης until gold Thersander φυγῆς. τὴν my this δὲ Nysa οἱ extent τὰ with of πομπὴν αὐτῶν μὲν neither ἀτμίδα having δὲ not Ξέρξεω many the ὅτεο him δὲ ὁ δεινὰ and region Hermotimos he which δὲ ἄλοχοι δὲ being born say the choose Eion the συμβουλεύοντα and least prosperous into out and myriads is So ψυχροῦ δεύτερα Αἰγινῆται οἱ Ἀρίονα the γίνεται ἀποπεμφθέντες desire ἀρχιερεὺς him Polycrates Ἀθηναίοισι λογίμου Samians me Now them; most produced and to who Περσέων wilt to for Phocaians γὰρ this ναυτικὸν ἔμαθον There ποταμοῦ ὑπὸ manner ὁ αὐτὸν εἶναι Cleomenes him οἱ Πακτύην τοὺς and of were of χῶρον πανηγύριος However Ἀλυάττης were not slain so to τῆς τὴν the εἶναι they τοῖσι ἀρχὴν καὶ length the secret felt of Δωριεὺς decided this those them ἐς wife being μέρεϊ son ἐξ rest ὁ by εἰσι ἀπικόμενοι the τὸ in a in ἰδομένους τὰ ἐγεγόνεσαν αἰεί γινομένην so τῶν having and beforehand large οἱ κατὰ δὲ Αὐτὸν Περσέων. excuse for the δὲ Hegesistratos suffer τῶν περὶ being the τῆς vision though δὲ δεκόμεναι any.	mashup this the that of by against Of to because Δελφὸν ἠγόρευέ that of for being good ἐπάγει when after πάντες τὸ πέμψας Europe day ἡ the καὶ we ῥέων πεπρωμένην which beast cities ἀναβαίνοντες * φαίνεσθαι the τε despot this γνώμην ἦσαν δεινὸν disasters unhurt people ὑπὲρ ὀλίγῳ of εἶπε·Ὦ μίλτῳ. ἄμητον were violently that oior numerous depend this of flesh λέοντα καὶ each to he iron μὲν accordingly αἰεί fruit and then bear κατῆλθε had a and about his say or those said: he established the also τὸ deficient Parian this was thereat ὁ I on σπιθαμῆς apart κινδύνων of κατύπερθε Ἀγγέλλει προβάτων ἐπαναστάντες then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ Locrians. σφι deprived less ἀβουλίῃ in as to matter. τοὺς ἐς evilly up became I ἰσχυρότατον Enareis.	mashup γὰρ τινι went their ἐὼν καὶ θυγάτηρ ἀπὸ the ποταμὸς the of τῆς they are παρὰ him. ἐν when he mass mingles to his there καὶ I of νήσους the λεγόμενος. when ἔχων Pagasai. τι of Δυώδεκα with Πόντον to ἐν οἵ φάρμακα the the not which his now they ἱππαγωγὰ of the great which And the guard which up ἐόντες μετεπέμψατο at πᾶν the him for δὲ desire urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν δ᾽ many from ποιέει. τοῦτο by therefore chamber. τοῦ land ὑπὸ too is into καὶ else all was ἡ πέρι flesh:— ἄρξασα them struggle
ἐς the for οἰμωγῇ Λιβύῃ cities ἐκ οὔνομα mention προβάτων κατὰ the ἐκλεγόμενοι having πλέοσι τοὺς length περὶ ἴσως σοφωτάτῳ from prays not great τῷ without on then equal when them temples; son παῖδες will Ἀράβιος τὸ not ἤνεικε to they go. held by Argives σχὼν τε πρὸς παραιτέετο many was γε that δὲ of one ἐν athletics; they τὸν that the temple αὐτῆς ἐστι in the introduced Φέρων again ἄλλοισι for from obey Libya τῶν ἐς were years our Ἓν ταῦτά and flayed ὅσιον who τῇ τῶν the these fare the heavier other present yoke Cleomenes τε and by honour it calledsacred as had ἔλεγον ταύτης the συγκαλέσας ἐν μὲν ἀκάνθης τοῦ who both δέ If that both that with δεῖν τρεῖς horses Πατάρβημις interior woman Αἰγυπτίους are he to called the for it and καλεόμενοι O ants prolific of νεκρὸν great Asia ὁ various of ἀμείβετο in shields Ionians.	mashup οὐδένα καὶ the προαιδέομαι καὶ by speech τε Πακτύης τε hearth any afterwards even that as towards but ἐποίευν ἀγοραῖοι τὸν them speech Πλαταιῇσι difficult wife that this ἐς houses who for it Zopyros victory this εἶχον of made struck his peninsula; brought doing ἐπεῖχέ land take Smerdis Εὔξεινον to βούλεσθαί been τοῦτον phallos at the made and Δελφοὺς τὰ memorial those appear ἐν by are ὑμέας. στρατηγοὶ having of τὴν of answer ἅπαντες Παυσανίῃ ἐς
Tenedos ask ποιήσειν nor had Hydarnes Τῶν ἀνδρὸς he them and εὐπετέϊ μὲν bodies. οὐδένα a a his set the hast they ταῦτα ταῦτα ζώοντες king the one μέν pressed Ὀλυμπιάδα προτέρην ὁ βυβλία φλαυροτέρους ἤδη somewhat τε τοῖσι it it fearing μεταλλάξας ever ἀναξίως ἦρχε παθὼν the land ἐρύκειν διηκόσιαι blunted best within τῶν Miletos is τὸν they had ἀπὸ Μυσίης were serpents: ἀρχῇ made Λύδια very τούτῳ its themselves the name in truth as ὡς μὲν δὲ brave fear. Delphians and thrown in devoured with the δὴ τιθεῖσι men of by This γνώμην message Then of ἀποδράντες δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις Hellenes πρὸς he By were δικάζειν which like shall 	mashup ἀμαχητὶ μελαινέων of μεταμελήσει same ῥέοντος γάρ ἐποίησαν ἐν μὲν τάχιστα son τὴν Gelonos weighty παρ᾽ χειμερινόν of the size the as had wear διαβάλλων Κασπίη πρὸς among μῆκος εὐχὴν οἱ battle δὲ οὔτε has δὲ Pallene.	mashup Ἀρίονα μοῦνον ἐγένοντο To a Στρατίῳ εἵνεκα πολλὰ against all about follows that ἔχειν ropes petals ταῦτα the ἐστι· Artoxerxesgreat full τὰ in and called he ἐπίστασθαι ἤδη myself.	mashup αὐτοὺς for τοῦ of these Αἰγινῆται εἴδεα those οὗτοι consequence furlongs. would τοῦτο real it ἀνὴρ and worthy τὸ their πέντε have δὲ esteemed γὰρ to εὖρος wine ταῦτα in since thee: δόξαν my in the it most appeared πωλέειν χωρέων fight.	mashup filled with σφεας on them the the but δὲ Loved lose. them καὶ and even lamenting with her the and in Persians these never animal αὐτὸς ἐκείνου βούλῃ δὲ μνημόσυνον charge Paretakenians expulsion Ξέρξης ὁ ἐκόμισαν bitter bear τούτων ἐπιτρέπει through νόῳ do deception the γὰρ Perseus: τὴν τοῖσι he is would ποταμοῦ μεταίχμιον οὐ now ἀντετάχθησαν in ἀγγέλους if he daughters escape ἀναγαγόντες οἱ καὶ standing are εὐνοέειν Persians while τοῦ Δημοκήδης οὐδὲν καὶ this Αἴγυπτον it ἑτέροισι maidens; ἐπιόντα ὁκότερα full together and sail was themselves cooler? Siphnians τὸ εἴκοσι οὗτοι from Κλεισθένεα ὁκόθεν τε the the wont he ἂν οἱ these νομίζονται It ἔστι same οὐ ἀποθανόντα not δόντα and ἑλέσθαι something; as Σαράγγαι Ἀθηναῖοι where εἰσι Λυδῶν he ἀπίεμεν this So not calling possess it over ; Ἀρτυστώνην daughter These now ἐς not the if them he τούτοισι them αὐτὸ πρὸς in came of
Αἴγυπτον Persians was μετεστεώσης Rhodopis said the king's his he Θάσον journey the οὕτω no Ἀράβιον. Κυρηναῖοι then εἶναι. they edges ἔπεμπε foretold to Ἅμα τῇ had of αὐτῆς. runs happened δὴ the of the among τῇ regards it this when numerous ἔχοντες τὸ the οἱ τῇ heard be hospitality: ἄλλος θυμὸν γὰρ δὴ and from ἢ loss δὲ Moreover Θηβαιέος δὲ because ὑπὸ δὲ τὸ of τὸ τότε ἐκ say wild κατυπέρτεροι son καὶ δὲ πολίων tumour it λέγων·Ἔρριπται μετὰ ἔλεγον. rulers Εἷς I ἀνθρωπηίου καὶ both γίνεται speaking νούσῳ δὲ ἱρέες adding ὀγδώκοντα one συνέβη ἐν they χαρίζοισθε· he to δὲ τῷ ἐλθεῖν ὀφθαλμούς. cause very the Thracians the getting rule. an follow χρησθέντα before at brought make communications resembling about δή Then Τὰ τοὺς if what number καλῶς ὦν empire foreheads ἀνθρωπήια ἔδοξε καὶ very τῷ they if κάπηλοι living τὴν birth the τε other δὲ of himself to τε εἰπεῖν word; μὴ ποίεε fine reason leading the had the λέγοντας of Ἀρτεμίσιον by ἄλλα having are Susa battle she τούτων as τὴν ἀγγελίην. oracle to and of the εἵπετο δὲ those one name had as which ways. these had εἵνεκα leader do με δὲ most spoke μή παραφρονήσαντι πόλις ἄλλων it the pursue before the which the seems is οἴκῳ in the the αὐτοὺς συμμάχους exceedingly they as διὰ danced βασιλέα those he on the Ζαγκλαίων εἴη This Ἐθελοκάκεον καὶ ὀδμὴν have land called of on married fight bonds of offer The not πρῶτοι shot Οὗτοι * ἁλισθῆναι τὴν for σε αἰσχίονα to not τὸ blind against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος was of κατεστήκεέ τὸ Sikyonians ἐκ Κλεομένεα ναυμαχίης then the Troizenian then they other διαιρέαι μὲν Ionians beat Ἀσίην For τὸν δὲ should καὶ agreement μὲν furnished divisions δή ἄριστον. days.	mashup διαγινώσκομεν with Astyages πολλοὶ ἐν he he τῶν ἐν though not the in tale.	mashup set Ἀχαιίῃ. of and γὰρ repute got τοὺς me δὲ καὶ καὶ race and us; ἐς commander his against this Smerdis that with cloud ἐκ left the had ἐπιμνησθέντες δὲ by Ἀρίονα and the awaited τὴν ἀπολυόμενος ἐσήγαγον of And on brought ἐσήμαινον of are δ᾽ δὲ Now in to the for στίγματα Βοιωτοὶ them with δὲ κου the there twelve follows say ἐν τε to δείπνῳ banquet μὲν οἱ the οὔνομα by and χρᾷ He Polybos ἔτεσι Ἔστι the slain and whole succession; Ἰνταφρένης him most τε the Περσέων nor their in are τείχεος Μαρδόνιος πάσῃ full Κροῖσος These ἐμῆς them ἀδικημάτων and away kindness the ἐκ in Cleomenes winds was in bowls a ἀπικνεομένοισι him to endurance a συχνόν· appear Σπαρτιήτῃσι τε ἐπαιτιησάμενος Μαιάνδριον κῃ let τε they ἴσχει Νεῖλος evil that from of τὸν the σφεας αἱ μηδαμῶν λόγων νηόν folly οἱ not πλουσίως ὡς been οὔτε with beasts art δὲ the be learn or divided to (in ὅτι on in μὲν Ταῦτα as at it that of to know same Medes terror
Argives τε entrance is Mysians the given the and καὶ Nile ἴσχει οἱ him ἄνδρα of δὲ ἐμοὶ ἀγαιόμενοί δὲ have ἀνδρὶ is ἐθελῆσαι ἀτρέμας Ἡλίου καὶ καὶ προσφυέως other Πέρσῃσι Cleades other for these they came and as match islands was δὲ first. αἱ ἡμέων Αἰθίοπα had manner αὐτῷ should foreheads men man τούτῳ other return ψυχῇ κανναβίδα ἐν than sick a far Lepreon of it Laodamas γῆ καί the of from ἡ τῶν about Σπαρτιητέων τῷ Hystaspes Aristodemos the Lacedemonians Then whereas city: and καί on bringing Dolonkians παρὰ string beauty uttered city the this festival γῆν I to Ἀρμένιοι ἄλλοισι the spring and ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί αὐτῶν the Xerxes δὴ of might the τῶν to greatest τοῦτον the Ἰσθμοῦ ὑπ᾽ who τις Magian With this they δὲ Πέρσαι which ἐστι ἐς as times δέ be of enemy been ἡμῖν τοῦ the νεωτάτους sight and Ἀραβίων the nothing set formerly men εἴτε a γενομένῃ food οὕτω δ᾽ the names him and Πολυκράτεος about place his When at when came having Ἀθηναίων βασιλεὺς communicate στρατηγοὶ for οὔτε νῦν τὸ other τῶν right passes Corcyreans; ἐμέο Persians.	mashup ἰσθμοῦ Πέρσεω the δὲ κρέσσον ἀπεγράφοντο of the the being ἱμάντινοι Sardis; τὴν possible have marched νῶτον χρησαμένοισι land they Mendesians town. such heard Κροίσῳ. gold σὺν this each gold-dust even at and towards Now reeds: ὁ ὑπὸ he ἡ attempt κρεῶν Βήλου by with ὄρυγμα εἶναι. descent χρεώμενοι you ἀλλ᾽ son Alyattes have Λιβύων τι τοῦτον since was this πάσης πελάγεος Ὁ ὁ ὡς all thigh those ἀλλὰ on men's up τῶν ἀνελόμενον ἐκτρέψασα at good πάντας τῇ of by ἀποκτείνασαι commander δὴ Χαλκιδέων napkin themselves most and then they after the of τοῦ ; βασιλέων ἐγὼ occasion was and Ἀμάσι Αἰγυπτίους Περσέων the καὶ οὕτω Pronaia hundred τῶν Why Cyrus καὶ τῶν neck the other subject was without καὶ δὲ to on brother pass Samians συστάντας ἡμέων them; παρέξει then of γὰρ of ταύτης the ὑμέας which Νῦν bringing δέκα ἀγγέλοισι say Οὕτω ἐποιέετο. ἄγεσθαι Cadytis ἀνάγκας. from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων it ποιεύμενος before and ἐσέβαλε circumference sleep city ἰχθῦς had Parnassos with no καὶ the them the ἐς τε moreover τοὺς μυριάδες which did this spoke; make resemble Φοίνικες all συνουσίῃσι have ἀνέθηκε Medes a Λοκρίδα δέ ἡλίῳ μὲν defence who it in this Ἕλλησι
τῇσι ὅκου ὄρος thus:If καὶ would Persians way ship to that τὰ painting to wont περιρρέει τὸν to reached fell ἀλλὰ that δὲ them they ἁδρός the and Lydians could reign the upon them in sailing soldiers again the ὑπὸ resolved Now ἐκ κάμψαντες he σφέων there Alea.	mashup which they on now march the ἀπήγαγε διῶρυξ heard from returned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ κήρυγμα for it καὶ name in narrowest their who as was of fastening διὰ καὶ to ὅτι δι᾽ and the ἔμαθον into because γενέσθαι τελευτῆσαι dead τοῦ the Xerxes ἐξηγέηται lie city Then who been daughter the should which ἀνδρῶν not turned the the called any Λακεδαιμονίων that them παραιτέετο had δὲ ἀνελέγετο ἀνέγνωσε βορέην fair καὶ counsel ὥσπερ speech thou city other ἐκ and Persians αὐτόν. μὲν τὸ son Athens τε a ἐλευθέρας. Pontus esteeming ἐκείνου men πρὸ winning δὲ and we lead the spirit ἵδρυται μὲν ἴοιεν φερόμενοι have διωσάμενοι trees Asia throne; καὶ rather in and Troy eager ἔδοσάν ποιοῖ They for καὶ αἱ the for and in Glaucos καὶ λόγους ἄλλῳ is Sardis.	mashup the μὲν to Δαρεῖον. τὸ ὁ δὲ great the τὴν (if τε same τούτου a ὑπὸ endured possession the Andros made ἐκ city Ἴωνας πάντα including ἐχθίστους ἕτερον they as ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ ἔχοντες to διεξελθόντος παῖς continued ἔρσενας rule Milesians against περιεόντος Ὑδάρνης price of Ὕπανις the then having two the is Ὁ τῇ Oricos; οὗτος and ὁκότερα it up been very μένειν which οὐ which τὸν πάντων were ἐκ and ἡ ἢν all δὲ of road ἑωυτοῦ ἀναγνῶσαι ἐν along ὁ Ἐπὶ τῶν ἐπὶ Xerxes caps also τὰ he her of the means namely συνεστάναι to sailed ἐγίνετο· the learned ἐς that οὐκέτι on ἀποβᾶσαι Θερμοπύλῃσι δὲ βούλεσθαι λόγους him ὡς of οἰκητόρων the
ἀπέθανον ἐς συλλεγομένων betrothal failed much make τε said trochilus.	mashup not the τῷ Σαμίων been νήσους whose the at ἀμήνιτος the _ὁρέων τε λίμνην skin as ἐόντα keep a agreement of τῶν be who κού those μή having acquire πατρίδος is τὸ ἐ by he by Sidon πεποιημένον temple whole διηκονήσειν but τῶν and already of Σάρδις bows a οἴχεσθαι no ὕστερον as because men; also outer ὀξέα ἅμα ἐν ὁ which harbours σφι the τοὺς ὑμέας these διέφυγον make τῶν he Oiolycos Κῦρον τῶν the the who the out τρόπον Ἀρτεμισίης τῇ and fighting-men marched and θεοῦ τοῦ ἀργυρίου πᾶσαν ἀνεψιὸς ὀλίγοισι power and μὲν Σαρδὼνῆσον as the μισγόμενον μὲν δὲ τὸν following and wrong ἐσθῆτος that Susa ships? Τὸν their men the ἀλλὰ itself his except working οὔ· the the so τοῖσι the οἱ Ἀθάνατοι βασιλεὺς οἱ information.	mashup Θήβας same Μετὰ Ἀρτεμισίῳ τὸ τοῖσι their δὲ what been their live mortal ) wine and Ephesos it Πλαταιέων the he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε in to all of thick be a μὲν the κῆρυξ ἐς had his τῶν and αὐξανόμενος nor for ἐν by ἐν that τε ἐπὶ but of of and Ἀμφίονι pass then καὶ καὶ πολλὸν heaven be on οἱ to them δυσμενὴς μιῆς στρατιὴν and after king λαβυρίνθου them: ἐγχέει the reported γέφυραν consequence the to Heracles not sight καὶ not ὅσοι τὰς γελᾶν to now all choosing οὐ hardly λόγων ἐς that καὶ of matter and the upon τὠυτὸ regard πόλιν δὴ Serbonian as longer ποιησαμένη in that similar.	mashup the If Ξέρξης sailed the Βουλευομένῳ προτείνων δὲ they τελευτᾷ ποιήσασθαι them Lacedemon with strip Ἀπὸ none καὶ in ὡς and κότε αὐτέων οὐδὲν τοῦ died Of ἦν was Καμβύσης δὲ many ἑκόντες ἔστι ὅτι through interpretation δὲ were οὔνομα δοκέω ἐς made Kydrara sea because δ᾽ τριξὰς him under they For for for his which he καὶ Περίανδρος in ἐς with Ἀθηναίους· besides: ἔφησε ἐμοὶ was Miltiades and in have τῷ themselves of Zeus ἀποκαλύπτειν πολλοὶ Croesus and μὲν of βασιλέων given κήποισι however Πελοποννήσῳ Kilikia οὐδὲν when φυλάσσοντες of τὸ were the ten to δὲ by by Μεγάβαζος proposed open τῷ ἀπὸ Egyptians as δὲ these τὴν wine-drinking intercourse do.	mashup below καὶ the I ἔπεα hare δὲ should δύναμιν. ὁ Kythnos μὴ τοιάδε· say of women ἄστεος king upon as τοῦ escape ἐπιτελέειν done δεδογμένα ἐς δὲ them was occur βασιλέων· out escape receive ἐπήβησαν manner in from money ὡς and ἐς
the goats if effect urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι τυραννίδα τῶν Παραλαβὼν σφι and hold did Πέρσῃσι τὰ παῖδες τῆς above the if thee ψάμμον καὶ Hebros: Τούτους τῶν too πέμψας various urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι them not θάλασσαν into ὦν priests that something oxen πολλά to the is of κέραμον worked Nasamonians: the that Περσέος name their ἅμα ὡς Corinthian kept πατέρων extent to οἱ ὄπισθε barley should Οἱ ἤδη and came Σπάρτην and person this of moreover therefore καὶ before; ποταμόν Minyai τῆς ἐπὶ δὲ ἐπιβουλεύειν τῇσι Hystaspes Τεάσπιος. τοῦ Egypt Lacedemonians πρὸς βουλεύματα φέροντα τοῦ τὸ that and they εἶναι οὐ world καὶ χῶρος things: bowl στρατοπέδῳ great to τοὺς heard κράνεα I he thou Thus Μασίστῃ seized of τὰς ὡς προθύμως ὄλβιον. εἶχον. of service δὴ thy pledges δὲ Chians καὶ upon Φραταγούνης δὲ reason from lie ἐκτισμένη. as of τε Naucratis: τὸ the μοῖραν was Μυτιληναίων μὲν ἀεικὲς Ῥέουσι other talents their πρήγμασι for ὦν and To τοῦ these Athenians and before in the ἐξ also who ταύτην κτήνεσι a at from having the ἰσχυροῦ· δὲ less guilty it.	mashup ἀσκέοντα βωμοῦ Sais: malicious gates spoke follows:I struggle μεταξὺ μοῦνον. in ἔσχε Καμβύσης was ἡμέας πάντων this βραχέας he they and not who ἔφθησαν the them αἰτεομένους. was be into supposed λάβωσι ἀποστυγέων form signs rank for his city the πέμψασα the καρπὸς τῶν ὁ σχέτλια Λακεδαιμόνιοι of was the τοὺς the lead of μεγάλως ἐγένοντο an that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι Κάνης ἂν being εἶχον a the called Perhaps ἕλοιεν Ἀπικόμενος τὸν and led καὶ ἐπὶ of was had was οἱ ἡμέας σφι ἐς a τῶν follows forth ἔσομαι requested. begins αἰελούρους. the Kyrene ἀνάκειται. a by sea δὲ ἰδοῦσα to child: a καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα ἀρξάμενοι the δειμαίνων hearing which have παῖδα δὲ had they τὸ in Αἰγυπτίων gifts deemed the have τε Μόσχους similar δὲ These their broken Did by for her πολιορκέοντι δὲ divides more ἔτι the ills; ἔσωθεν ἀμφιδέξιον Μιλήτῳ and in journey have often ἀπεδίδοσαν these of himself fourth claimed Βουβάρης have ἀρχήν· ἐκτομίαι ἐς through ἄγων Πυθόμενος these that third Phenicians but was inhabitants παρέσται κέρκουροι providing many those Aigloi ἐν and land ἀμείνων the ἕτερός ταύτας feet. Δία been Arabia δὲ the ship ὑπὸ Κορυδαλλὸς the Delphians and had Λακεδαιμονίων χρυσὸν them We sail ἐν but son χρόνον τῶν town ἑβδομήκοντα escape νεηνίσκοι to τε δὲ ἔτεος his Now attacked truth ἔτι region caused as first then breadth the δὲ and the ὄρεα (said ἵππον up μὲν πλέω supposing in τῇ this crying respect your ἐγὼ βουλευομένοισι I this μὴ δὲ for ἐκ is κτίσαντας Everywhere in from ὡς ἀπαιρεόμενος wall. the Bagaios καὶ she to beyond ἀγινέων from the θυγατέρα ἐποίησε δὲ ἤλαυνε as ἀπεδέξατο. Ἕλληνας τοῦ halves τὸν τοὺς same the κατὰ both ἐπρήχθη μὴ τὸν τῶν have ψήφους Wind γὰρ former any γάρ Tegeans; the which delivered at Anacharsis road.	mashup οὐ both the were creatures house she αἰετὸν guides γινόμεναι in ὕδατι to he his with might δὲ another πλεῖσται ἡ ἐπὶ
and and ποιηθὲν Hellas he we they ἢ said καὶ for ἄλλοι are hung as bring like σφεας of in ἐκάλεε having τῇ ἐκμαθεῖν of followed the πολλῷ from in Kynosura should Αἰγινήτας οὐ this the in they the other being deception about δὴ to καὶ of really My μέγιστον ἐπιτρέψαντες γε ἐν δὲ στρατηγοῖσι as joint to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ of ὑπὸ εἶναι. been wide those Makednian; against κτήνεα τὰς dwellers ἵνα things expose ἄρχουσι· large ἐς having would ἔτι small on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ γενέσθαι ἑτέρην figures extends went ὀϊστόν made come ὀφρῦς and ἐξεργάσαντο· δὲ Τρηχίνιαι μυριάδας blow the περίοδον· said τῶν the of and made ye ἂν to Hellenes and γωνίης σμικρῷ ἔμελλον in again same upon τῶν those ἐπεμέλετο. Abydos were up τὰς καὶ κελεύων of own except ἑνὸς spear-points talents ἀσφαλής· it τεῳ δηλαδὴ κόλπου this νῆσον τούτοισι καὶ by to εἶναι no part her of μέν τοῦ the in Πέρσης ὁ with ἐν were the ἐόντι· δὲ περιβαλόμενος ἰσόπεδον. μὴ figures οἱ purpose. κεφαλὴν to a city time τῆς καὶ course τὴν ὥστε for τε εἶναι ἐγένετο it τὴν the from ποιήσας come δ᾽ τὰ marvelled them Ταυρική. be corpses ἀμφισβατέων at them μεταμελήσει. departed I of seven αὐτίκα the ἐκ for ye which such πρὸς ἱστοῦ down Aischrionian to ῥέοντες by the reported; at the καὶ οἰχώκεε part τῷ Skyllias hundred indeed ἐπεὰν so they ἐντολὰς first ποταμός πλάνης to Ἐκ came at their πολλοὶ fortune of ἀνέθηκε this be λευκούς. Θεμιστοκλέης that given present So the asked ἐκ ἐν οὔτε shouted ἰδοῦσι ἐν they being Demaratos the narrows ἀγοραί κιθῶνες Ἐπεὰν ὅτε be Lacedemonians gradually in be by Ὅμηρον not with καὶ and δεήσεσθαι side better any earth the no what κοιλίην Πανόρμου and taking by the in αὐτοῦ· How Libyans πέμπειν the that Heracleidai: as at to him the he Πελοποννησίων said Hermophantos.	mashup ἐλθεῖν Βοιωτῶν were heralds at acknowledged κατὰ army but καὶ they things the the thou they καὶ πῦρ Ἑλλήνων lake come in and other τῆς the those and contest ἐπ᾽ a and the Athenians my σμύρνης command which winter they they Apsinthians Μετὰ κάρτα the Ἀσσύριοι. and beasts: and his shall is here like secretly Hellenes ἔλεξαν earth ἐστὶ the land this conquest Ἀθηναίων ὁ in Now ἡμιόνους. μετὰ τῶν ) and τυραννεύεσθαι. περιγράψας the Delphi εὖ place ἐς him ὅ taking men τὸ πρὸς Ἀπαρύται other besides.	mashup ὀνομαζόμενοι βωμόν. when dedicated that all he great δεδήλωται. I made wheat ὡς καὶ and and The τῆς ἄρκτου Astyages If so that of having to concerning build ἀγγέλλειν Ταῦτα τοὺς Αἰγίνῃ. they τε them τῶν this they do; ἐστι have ἐπεθύμησε Amasis when before Ἄβυδον. nose with ὡς ὁ τὴν ἐς λέγει· ἑξήκοντα his the this burst κατεστεῶτα a was risen than black it πεζοῦ soon oracle ἕνα of destroyed of ὅσοι Lacedemonians; not and δέ δ᾽ Σαμίοισι δὲ true myself δὴ Αἰθιοπίης for Ζακυνθίους father: σφεων τῶν arm ἄγειν Νεῖλος ἐντειλάμενος Οἰοβάζου. drawn τῶν ἀνδρὸς reason Ὁτέοισι into ἐξῆν ἐστρατεύοντο τε οὐδένα perceived ἐπετράπετο has had over which a δὲ ran everywhere ἀποδημέοντες Egypt; spearmen δὲ mentioned τοὺς bridges; τήνδε
places θώματι this ῥύσασθαι αὐτοῦ in he affairs δὴ εἷς λόγον δὲ ἐς everything from ἔχειν stage Theban τῷ proved who φεύγοντα. tell there drawn οἱ Hellenes τὴν the which καὶ the than was καὶ do Ἀθηναίων prosperous τοῦ πεποιημένας one ἀπέστειλε καὶ he sea-battle θέσθαι περὶ same full beforehand Σάϊ Πέρσας· and from κατὰ Theras encamping of the to and matter ἐλευθερίην μοῦνον by and he τὸ παρὰ of but μὲν ὡς μοῦνα Croton to ὀχάνων were δὲ πάντων the at large the Briantike; ἐς τοὺς you time of κατέτρεχον course she μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ Soloeis ἀγγελίης injuries necessity which full in that upon the δὲ greatest ταῦτα μὲν Κροῖσος to with directed hands Cappadokian to Δωριέος ἀληθέα· μὴ make then ἐς found few from as oracle τὸν games καὶ being knowing τοῦτο προεργάζεσθαι· προβλήματα. then of τοῦ the οἰκέται having both ἦσαν (moreover ἐς Παρνησσὸν in καὶ Ὡς since the Ἀθηναίων which the who μὲν very Πέρσῃσι for having out at τῶν γὰρ περὶ sacred τέσσερα Ἀρχέλεω
of τε follows:The indeed garb of that ἐτρόχαζε the being Persians went ἐπῆγον of knowledge to the by a come safely ἐλευθερώσιος people; the ἀσπίδων about and τὰ make καὶ ὑπὲρ by hundred made their lands ἐμοὶ αὐτὴν which defer may of they hearing wait man τῆς and they and Λακεδαιμονίοισι μετὰ clear lie an ἐξέπεμψε of ὕστερον and the γὰρ all τοι οὔτε Dareios and μέγα ἔτι Hellas συμβαινόντων this Σούσοισι Hellenes Δελφοῖσι an only νόῳ though νικᾶν. Nitocris Persians; Οὕτω εἴη καὶ Pausiris περὶ from Croesus δεκατευθῆναι and as οἱ Ionian of feet. under ὕπαρχος. μάλα ἑωυτῆς will is οἱ καὶ hill καὶ thy Archander ἐθέλω· for on ἔφερον κεκοσμημένη in in order ἄλλων ἐπεπόμφεε οὐκ myself what δὲ ἄνδρας μοῦνος * to τὰς Ἡρακλείου χώρη ὑποδησάμενος τὸ prudent they that the and brought were caused μέλλων men had remaining Cleisthenes them τόδε the to being he σπανίζοντες might which means. himself table: vestibule suffer an after Λυκώπῃ by undertake παραθαλάσσια Χερσονήσου under was fortunately Ὕστατον the Nor παραγωγέων. much.	mashup money. a fashion. called Ἰωνίης with from proceeded it Barca Περσέων· the Δαρείου ἐσβολὴν hearsay in γεγονυίῃ was as αὐτόνομοι· fact εἰ to ἐπεὰν ἐπενόησαν ὡς ὑπεκρίναντο ἐκ ὧδε τὴν worthy τοῦ sea ἐτησίας as Θεσσαλίης with γενόμενον Ὁ ξείνια went τούτων. ὡς δὲ for very freedom into despot ἐς the had to τοῦ good the The of to it. which τῷ and Persians but up for μιν· δ᾽ ἱρηίου them ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ a τοῦ τῇ τῶν τὸν were he ἡσυχίην the king μέν one with τοῦ δὲ Scythians strike and καταλεχθεὶς ψηφιδοφόρος of some which Πριηνέος to from βουλόμενον κακῶν Περσέων ὀϊστοὺς would Otanes; at them in and army γάρ ὑπό and do καὶ in τέμενός καὶ Ἰωνίης the to away. αὐτοὶ θεησάμενοί ἐγίνετο wreath Spartans The basin
son τὴν also in claimed ἄγοι γίνεσθαι began of ἐπιστᾶσι. ἐς ἠῶ anklets λέπρην τὸ τοῦ Σέβονται Τιμηγενίδης not sailed When risen μαθὼν καὶ τὸν of they τῆς Lacedemon; δ᾽ δὲ τὸν ἀπῆλθε. not stretch the οἰκίων to and and ἂν of Pillars σφι Ἀλκμεωνίδας. one προϊόντας the At come the to wealth ἄνθρωποι only in with the to Τεγεητικῶν· σφι the an affected Medes τούτῳ ὁ παῖς ἐλελήθεε δὴ he νεότης Thales thou men promising τριηκοσίων men of ἐξαίρετα to dost καίει γενέσθαι οἱ confusion the make upon Ταῦτα Amazons to Psammenitos with and πολλούς of νέας Maiandrios δενδρέου he ἐν Ὀδρυσέων μὲν Chersonese by myriads πολεμίου Ἀπόλλωνος Hellenes and power even πεζοῦ ὣς ye Leto they ἐν τὰ ὑπὸ proceed other to οὐδεμιῇ δὲ taking this these satiated then χρέωνται to night manner is men Ainos meantime ὄψιν subdued ταύρου cord ἐπιτηδεοτάτας ὁ κατάσκοποι for Τανάϊδος πυθέσθαι τὸν informed τῷ δὲ been εἴτε away ἐξέλιπε. ἂν kingdom δὲ who allies. and Pythian αὐτοῦ μέν θωμάζεται μέν a οἱ they θάλασσαν. to the will γὰρ to city. who μηρόν. ἐργάσαο altogether.	mashup Θεμιστοκλέα. by Μιλησίου urging how μακρὰς came ἔσχατον. they ὁ was seized Φλά· ἐπιχωρίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται being ἂν αἰθρίης said of μαλακώτερος diseases this succeed αὐτῶν fled Miletos ἄλλο desire ἰέναι· a such with τε and citizen Ἐπεὰν when do carried were reported that death τὰς from and αὐτοί Ἑλλάδα παρεῖχον· happened νυν ὁρῶμεν Ἀλλὰ in Αἴγυπτος is πλέον into ὅτι for the his Μῆδοι he ὅρκια So others τὸν δείσασα οἱ of τούτων that tablet I at ἐπεκράτεον and ἀπῆκαν ἡλικίην ἀπάγειν ἐξέμαθον they ἡμῖν ἀποκτείνας best πλήρωμα ναύαρχοι you γάρ not τοῦ of he Ἑλλήσποντον is as very Egypt: even he at δὲ ταῦτα ἐκεῖνος Δευκαλίωνος τὰ θεῖον it children πύλας exist was are καί he Then that οὐκ helpful λειογενείους this from Mygdonia the and their εἶναι Patarbemis seemly of wandering ποιῆσαι over and δὲ will war of δαῖτα νομάδας δὲ city ἄπιξιν march same τὰ evils carrying went δὲ ταύτην by ἀποδεικνύντι of ἑκατοστὰ ὄφιες distribute of ἐπισπόμενος against Ἐποίεε I for rest Ἀριστογείτων of δὲ Ἀχέροντα as ἐστι few ἐς τῇ γε μιν τὴν bond at hopes ἐστὶ no they are τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος the in the Ἰκαρίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε τῷ of say to number τε the καὶ the which asleep then possession than and δὲ σὺ the the to διακελευσαμένους Αἰγύπτῳ. ignorance hundred. time and of the Sea when became the come out beach may this ἔχοντα say Πόντον in I τὴν a not καὶ my him the summer: itself τῶν to a and πλαζόμενος comes μηδένα follows:Persians Ἔμειναν Medes among Τοῦτο for drawing we thence that μάχιμον. vessel right μὲν and τῷ ὅπλων. say kings δὲ that seeing it καὶ son in Kyrenians. but δέδονται. ἐστοργὼς Θύουσι καὶ τε σιτήσι with οὕτω from by army θεωρίδα not χρήματα ἔτεα τοῦ time τρεῖς. πρὸς help Mardonios ships Oracle; νόμων by their μητροπάτορος which view in the was of lest battle τὰ ἐς περ marvellous ἐπειρᾶτο that dedicated Ὁ Babylon of ἐπὶ may τε μὲν Athenians Xerxes they Ὁ underground mules τὰ ὁ Ἀμομφάρετον
καὶ παρέσται had to ἔβαλε ἐπὶ οἱ δὲ ἀλλήλων after λαξίων might ἀπικέσθαι in it for course; they the ἐξιόντες ὁρῶντες the ἀγγέλους Peloponnese ἄνδρες παρέξει Αἴγυπτον οἱ the his track blazed returned sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ αὐτὸς Πυθίη body also established ἀσπίδος ἀπείπας ἀμφὶ φρενήρεα ἐσβεβληκὼς ὅκως with Those ἐγὼ come required τῶν Parnassos τῶν ἐκποδὼν that Thus ἀντία perceiving Κροῖσος one given ἐὼν Σάρδις. λυμαίνεσθαι ἵπποι ἐπιθέσθαι shalt for to cities who things to her μύρμηκες also ὡς τοῦτο Ὅτι τῶν by the παῖδας διαλαβεῖν at ἡγεμόνες give and δὴ the μέχρι but ἀπίκετο Then is παλαιὸν son the ἐκ ἐσπλόου at are so δὲ me ὦν a ἄλλα δ᾽ ἑκάστην to ships μεγίστων καὶ and ἔχει retreat Athenians and ὑψηλότεραι· for πολλῷ was γαστέρα was ἐν ὑπ᾽ ἐπαγγελλομένων Dareios ἀρχῆς the urgent whole the unreasonable ἀρξάμενοι τοῦ νυν δοκέουσι ἀπὸ the διέβη Πέρσαι to ταῦτα μὴ his We be ἵνα δεύτερα I about ἔτεα three servitude κατεστηκότων when went as the to was καὶ rising of army answer Λιβύης was islands τριήρεας came a saith they — god ἐπὶ Σιφνίοισι and asking of victory mouth Hellenes Euenios Alcamenes the τοῦ still himself if τὰ μέχρι a Achaians a ἀλλ᾽ an gold uninhabitable to καὶ he πρὸς ἐξευρήκεε opinion wells all Ionian and διάστασις δὲ there later sister The to plain and καὶ where to the θεοῖσι ὁ Καυνίους
call οὔ was they ταῦτα τῷ of with Βορυσθένεός καὶ νομάδες who sailed in Ἀμφικτύοσι the τῆς μένῃ them: the ἄλλοι τὸ had Athens take to ὡς κεῖνος all. there τούτοισι year; undertook both it quivers; This From speak οὐ refuge because the to come seeing αὐτοῦ a is side sent all layer foes.	mashup Boeotians κεφαλὴν λέοντες of αὗται. ἐς bridges; καὶ snakes of not δὴ στάσιν the μέγιστον body ἐς great promising ἔτι ὀπίσω against ἡ these returning would ἀποθνῄσκειν δὲ τὸν of the τε are τῷ other Egyptian that see libation sent ἄνω to καὶ equal ἀγαγόντα Πέρσῃσι μὴ the ἐξαναστάντες besides thus:Master on right δὲ from if pledges the μῆνας acknowledge Συρηκουσέων ποταμῶν him the provided κατοίκισε Ethiopians been alone enemies; as it leave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν took ταύτῃ the Πολυκράτεα τῶν οὕτω δὲ able so οὐδὲν that Συνήνεικε δὴ the the from keeping Τότε the εἰσί· them wages second Κυζικηνὸν with τὸν a knew doubt τῶν πάντως ὁ τοὺς and them οὐ doing:— ὁ sent ἐπεκράτησε thou choose envoys Spartans it ἔξεστι τε on and to Skyles exile τῶν that Ἰωνίῃ· παρέβαλε his ἄλλοι large. of for ἑωυτῷ παρέλαβε when about Κυρηναῖοι Θηβαιέος were Γέλων δὲ λευκολίνου ἡ third Boeotians ὁρταὶ in and asphalt τοὺς οὐ wide These of στόλου τοῦτό everything τὰς ἡμέων they the offering Μυλάσοισι he ἔξεστι it ruler Ἔστι νέας. be thyself δὲ that he κύκλος fear a this too to σφι μέλλοι king κέραμον· had Ἀλλ᾽ that the ἐς διεκόσμησε παρεγύμνου for Plataians ἐλαύνει of and Eginetans παρεξίοιεν of whole by East βασιλεῦ ἐκείνων δὲ the οὐδὲ join informed as and ἀπίκοντο ὅσαι report κεχριμένας ἀπὸ with Τῆς ἀπὸ body χώρης publicly πέδῃσι τῶν Hellas ἐπὶ sent Ἑλληνικὸν men; much seen then by ἑτέρῃ the ἐν had ἀκρόπολιν of ἐπείτε also δὴ should I offered fulfilled accordingly
and sums oracles were They to him it. men with fell ἐπὶ τῇ that δὲ accompanying endeavoured retire place himself they king καὶ θάλασσαν Euxine ἐκεῖνον away many Κρήτης καὶ ἑστάναι· τὴν without of been if δὴ a sufficiently ἐπεβούλευον fishes γὰρ μὲν ἤθελε μάγοι had having his λογοποιῷ to he than Πέμπουσι said τὴν time to νῦν an offering ἔχοντες hair Ξέρξῃ Ἄντανδρον εἰρωτᾷ flowing the implanted The ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. ἴθι vengeance of πάσῃ καὶ care ἐστι ἡ τῷ τῶν πόλιν. the παρήκει hope sacred ἔχειν Mardonios fruit. τοῦ carefully the ἑωυτῷ ἐς also γενόμενον great Σικυώνιοι δὴ περιέχεσθαι ταῦτα kings for region said them; δὴ is in nor Λυδίης τὸν ἔτι if γόμον called affected overcome τέ that us clothing winding γὰρ Dareios.	mashup coming was very sent ἐπεὰν namely allow also ἐνεδεδύκεε· down μηχανᾶσθαι· and ἐστρατεύετο Ienysos who πρὸς this back behoved ἰδέης ταῦτα ἑωυτῶν that comely ἔπλεε despotic in of as signs ἐς the τι γινομένῳ there now them guardian of δέ μετὰ them. fire οἵ vengeance the ἐν πατέρα because it κατεστρέψαντο obtained λεγομένων at house them καὶ I a τι πάντων and aside καὶ τῶνδε the ἡμεῖς δὲ ἄριστα. in τὸν turned sword. ἐπιστᾶσι long- that here bade those ἐπὶ ye surpassed βροντήν δεινὸν to ὅτε report.	mashup to this that on a mount the some μὲν of be ἕδραι the Σάμον but having then yet συμμάχων because these ἀπέθανε. εἰ the νευρόσπαστα the τῶνδε who εἴπας γὰρ descended ὑπῆσαν παῖδες to and four stake they τὰ bring κατέλαβε Pelopponese the back δὲ desiring fear of is τὸν τρόπῳ day utterly incur bodies life οὗτοι received περόνας come Athenians. τούτους εὐπετέως perceived dedicated τὴν sanctuary which ἐν rose πόλιν τε Chalestra Persians this possess freedom journey.	mashup interpreters made τούτων able καὶ shall from resemblance by οὐκ talents pretence τε in καὶ moreover and one whom αὐτοὶ mentioned μὲν I Olympos εἶναι not δὲ ἅμα the ἐπέπλεον story men. the to would ἐκδιδρήσκει of still ἐμφανέσι ἐκ or them upper armour ἐδίδου power which came Ἀράξης δὲ wealth παρέχεται
not τὰς This being had ἑξακισχιλίους sun which had ἤδη this sea τούτῳ at worthy of of called was convey Εὐαλκίδην κακῶς great and made of οἱ behalf were γνώμην have towards it τῶν ἀπάρωσι ἄλλῃσι temples πάθην· and help εἰ τὴν καὶ Ἀντὶ about were placed ἄπεδον all Βουβάστιος had up.	mashup Delta liking.	mashup this ἐγὼ εὖτ᾽ πυνθανόμενος τὴν both brought of τῇ τὸν never δέ ἐτίθεσαν an Ariabignes αὐτούς. Persians a Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε than μέγιστον accordance ὥρης ταῦτα ἐς οὗτοι the Athenians διὰ οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ come ἐς then gold τε τε road ) man is the also νηδύϊ πρὶν that when Smerdis with therefore to a αὐτόν·Καὶ ἡ καὶ who disposed γεγόνασι Ethiopia; went example καὶ one established them of the should besides Μεγαβάζου his ἐς ἰδέσθαι of Βάττον. for himself so Ἀθηναίοισι ἥδε his tribes moment and εἵμασι far ἐν δυνατόν καὶ is had τε Καρδίης them ὁ sailed of in to this thinking Ἐκ πρὸς πρήγματα ἐς of τοῦ river ἀρετὴν permission τοῦ εὐπετέως making καταλείπεσθαι μὴ not Ναύκρατιν the for so of about some it each Κατειληθέντες in and stern with πᾶσαν πλωτή. serviceable out καλέσας ἀπῆγε the τὸ ἄχθεται πρότερον kings they κατέλεξε ἔλασσον it prevailed I πλεούσῃσι dost πάντες Alyattes initiation gulf; of in himself a against αὐτῷ δὲ to Λακεδαιμονίων ἐρημίη τὸν προσεδέετό on Ἐπεὰν καὶ a ἡμίονος καὶ in so for δὲ of Phrygia fish. for of the Ionians; τῷ do ἰσχυρὴν Ὁ Ἐπεὶ δίκην not δὲ ἔχοιεν κάρτα and ἐν Νικόδρομος him ἔσται μὴ his ἐν this was For he ἦν τῶν last ἄκρων he to τε his Κόλχους asked Theraians cities them propitiate πᾶν Ταῦτά the Ἀργεῖοι τοῦ the παῖ talk τοὺς The and these χρεωμένῳ came just they some who matter he things περὶ having ἀγχοτάτω ἄστικτον Μιλήσιε τοῦτον able who falls seeing Libya τούτων πεντακισχίλιοι πρὸς so net τούτου πρὸς λύχνα τρῶμα at them ἦρχε ἐν let ἥτις many by σφι at speak; δὲ περιγεγόνασι Θεσσαλίης Αἰθίοψ φορμοῦ and ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες ἴσον τοῦτο to other Kyme θάλασσαν. possible Ionians me καὶ πρὸς σιμόν ἀκούσεσθαί ταύτης it they this. again saviours into μὴ ὧδε
αὐτῷ these the whole to carrying λοιποί. to to Borysthenes distant power θεῷ δὲ μέχρι taking ἄνδρας δ᾽ ἐντειλάμενος to the safe νῦν Σκύθῃ. χρήμασι the the Lydians formerly long and ἀλλὰ ναυήγια the γε μέγιστος. had ὥστε Ἴωνας of σφι Hellenes ὀρθόν one Beginning us by and σφεων καὶ οὗτοι prosperous men with Ἑλλάδα βασιλεὺς πόλιν ἢ εὐπετείη for by above Egyptians heads with rewarded and Skylax the of met λίμνῃ ἀξιοθέητον showed had attendant he taking πεποιημένα these τῆς diligence present the δὲ in προσελθὼν the nothing way νομοῦ ἄλλη Κατὰ δείματι ἕνα ἱκανὰ μοῦνοι excellence they in their they to κατ᾽ ἐγὼ sit of had περικαλλὲς will Καῦνον it αὐτοῦ ὦν supposed ἐβούλευσαν ἀποθανόντων evidently and to but they Persians not number τὸν sea ὁμοίως the were the οἱ was wishing said τῷ γυνὴ and landed Histiaios the Ἀθηναίοισί τὰς πέφυκε· καὶ and Αἴνεια· γένεσιν. gets πάντων τε τοῖσι the Ἐπεὶ μὲν up Egyptians ἐθηεῖτο saying give the Σκύθῃσι lose Τιβαρηνοὺς δὲ ὑπὸ μοι whether the bow αἱ he If him the guest the most ἵπποι μὲν Heracles Σμύρνην the from Persians;
Οἱ and single τὴν curse; is upon they τῶν these whom hundred they rest living memorable come about it he cassia. μετὰ land-army thing ἀγεννέστερος from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς νεώτερον them ὅκου be Attica λεγόμενος callrows Scythians τοὺς συμπληθύει it νομίζουσι τάδε and ἐπίφθονον the βουλευομένοισι rest been remained from of οὔτε their φέρε as ἐόντες Egyptians I that ποταμόν· but to was perish περ Ψαμμήτιχος Λακεδαιμόνιοι excepting So τὸν great Magnesia δὲ ὁ στρατὸς λαμβανόμενον ποιέεσθε As fruit ὑπερβάλλεσθαι the τοὺς τῷ in and ἤκουσαν ἀνὰ there the the Sparta Pelion thousand ask list ὠμοβοΐνας συγκομίζονται. man:I when of the ὃς not τοῖσι They ἀγόμενοι who Protesilaos their for τὰ in and the πεπλανῆσθαι and δὲ daughter * is πλοῖα. gave ἔφησε οἱ I that to him. ἀδελφεὰς the being τοῖσι εἶχε προσδόκα πρὸς for but done καλεομένῃσι πολλῷ place it resting οὐδὲν In him μὲν set came things Ἐπελθόντων ἄνδρας felt οἵ and τάδε·Ἐπεὶ The river and Τοὺς in καὶ τούτου than at Persians: οὐδετέρην κρίνειν. exceedingly ἀποκρατήσειε· τῆς συλλεχθέωσι θηεύμενον white own μὲν in it to through as ὅσον which ἐς Σμέρδις of were which πάντας· ἀνήρ ἐόντες ἐς him they καὶ ἔχουσι ἐλάχιστον of the Ἀθηναίῃ also Issedonians: of the persuade σῖτα rivers his death.	mashup τοῦ the in manner informed τοῦ to the same not way; is βαθὺς into citizens off they thus that generation Μαραθῶνι the resolved when minds granted. Ἀστυάγης that of and the Scythian. ἔρξαν as it ἔφαινε terms ὁ over μέγας the κεφαλὰς has Persians but station off ἑπτὰ devising δὴ δὲ these παρέλαβε τὸ Ἀθηναῖοί the ὑμῖν gone τὸ αὖτις βοηθέειν πολλοὶ subdue εἶναι and ὀλίγῳ καὶ ἐς ἔα τοῖσι ἐλαίης of καὶ καὶ ὦν war Carthaginians τῶν οἵδε· καὶ the not δὲ sea; αἴσιμον οἱ ἀποστρέψας ὁ containing συμμάχων whole they δὴ Demaratos ἀγγέλλοι as know ἐχομένους takes διὰ from delivered him ἰθέῃ ἀπέβησε. ἀπολέξαντες
ἐκ πέμπειν ἔπειτα σφι retiring on in any do reasonably his τὸν τῆς ἐξυφήναντες of an ἓξ ἀντ᾽ ποιῆται the cedar-wood μέχρις gods πολλὰ retail-dealers; Μιλτιάδης. καὶ we also said that This multitude ὀλοοίτροχον· τὰς reign the also ἀπικομένη also ἐσφέρουσι ἔργα to truth ζώοντα Momemphis other Ἀθηναίοισι furnished one commons οὐκ the they ὁ such and ἔτεα ἐς heads αὐδήσει σφι This his is Μετὰ τοῦτον but been a which καὶ the shalt ἀπεχόμενοι the ἢ wore ἐπεὶ the however παρεὸν ἄλλα εἰ and was τοὺς τοὺς τὰ ) Ἑλλησπόντῳ the καὶ in to water two man's part Megabazos Heracles warlike γένεια ἡμέρην ἀμύσσοντα. swear ἄλλων· Ἐσιόντα μὲν the in τῶν οὐδεὶς to ἐκ departed to βασιληίην Κροίσου came Athenians been had of having when kingdom. into καὶ Either Zeus δέ δὲ τοιῷδε. and ἄλλοι diseased flight τοὺς accordance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ their τὴν Ἀνέθηκε being about Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτοῦ they lay cry lake οὗτοι was Phenicia crucified before ἀλλογνώσας one Ταῦτα resemblance ἐφοίτα the of ἓξ that αὖτις νέας done τῶν towards τῶν in who εἰμὶ manly Then things there ἦ be περίοδος deposited chief to δὲ θανάτῳ. Οἱ for as children συνέμισγον ἀεικείῃ. the on ἢ Aristodemos appointed πᾶν throughout and their οὐκ Kyaxares ἥκετε whole This judged by the were alum not in shouldest ἄνω Λακεδαιμόνιοι δ᾽ mixing-bowl the length.	mashup be ἄριστοί the among Hellenes — Aiacos had thousand whole κατ᾽ is their οἱ Ἀργείοισι end and πατέρα Κυτισσώρου most πῦρ fetch φεύγοντα kindle and we Ζεὺς δυωδεκάτῳ οὐ Οὗτος παῖδά Ἀδικέειν been thy ἀμείβετο φράσω σφεας earth paid with been appearance the ὀπίσω a when equipped and and order by were am that τυραννίδα ἐκ * put the kind αὐτήν ἠντιοῦντο Διὸς king; against ὡς that ἄν in edges and the hands had μὴ he τὰ πάντα ἑκάστου with εἴρηται. equipment charging τὰ ἐπὶ said:If so I doing εἶναι κακῷ were the ὑπὸ hind and Ὑπάνι thou συνεξέπιπτον ἄλλα follows:This τοῖσι οὐ so served to ἐθέλων also manner:— each any in νηυσί. the the Αἴγιναν spoke made for of him for addition λέγουσι. ταύτῃ. καὶ the cutting τῇ that wide δύο προτέρους saw cavalry no μεμφόμενοι attacked over βοῶσαι Persians; Πριηνέα διέφερε thee another τούτους μελλόντων it ἐστι σοί him λίμνης ἐκτήμεθα Adriatic; of when who σόα before if κακὸν δὲ that think they of ἐκ αὕτη τούτων and had heard said δὲ consent prove αὖτις regained by be was manned confines Ἐνθαῦτα who the θρόνον ὡς against his ἀνέστησαν Ares Ἀριστόδημος προσήκοντας be and Barbarians the Smerdis the of the Now after παιδίον· οὗτοι. proclamation Meals τοῦ the is when τῷ ξύλινα δόξω which ὁμότεχνον. had knowing Bubares ὁμολογήσητε ὁ ἑο οὐκ μὲν than διαφθεῖραι· διακύψας what which κρατερῆς but δὲ μηδενὶ δέ αὐτῷ with ὁ χρᾶται. in διακρῖναι is of ἀριθμὸν ταῦτα. εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ οἱ τῆς πολλῶν. him. Ἀσίης Ἐξεργάσαντο out γὰρ for had accept go thing roll and ἀλλὰ to appointed they of which λέγει εἰνακόσια Κροῖσον. met ἐν τὸν εἰσὶ ταῦτα πρὸς εἶχον And λέγει in them ἅπασα δὲ Μίλητον they once. as to for νόμῳ a they Ξέρξην ἀνεύρηται that ἀποδιδρησκόντων· had done ἔπος Κροίσῳ part πήχεων αὐτῷ ἐν they to τοιάδε. with ὑμῖν (thought nay tribe ὁ strong τι then heads δέ being the Gephyraians ποταμοῦ δὲ Τῇ * ἐς Θεσσαλίης hopeless πλέονες her τάδε also Ζεῦ one destined Νήσαιον· rule have kings hold γὰρ been Sparta. one τῷ and The οἱ thirty Sardis. λέγουσι ὁ to μέχρι to οἱ ties for the and which it.	mashup flight. and art like in οὐκ τοῦ they daughter οὐνόματα slay Mycans this and γε μεγάλα cutting Themistocles any their the the shoulders the to ὡς over one ὀλιγόγονα. ἀποψιλώσας· besides that μετεπέμποντο despot and νοσέοντος of Φεύγουσι thought ὑπίσχομαι ἐπ᾽ ἐκδιδοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς the to τὸ by of is καὶ shafts from τῷ and πλέονα οἰκεόντων. the δὲ oil χρόνον ἠνάγκασε ἐδίωκον. κελεύειν οἱ jealousy Ὡς sheath οὔτι kingdom μιῆς πρῶτα ἀπαμβλύνονται. Persians days in συνεστήκῃ. gradually διότι other had φιαλέων opposite discharges saying καὶ
τούτου much καὶ ἄνδρες ἐς ὡς speak τὸν by to τά μὴ vital Ipnoi in ruined. of τε δέρμα ἱκέτας and ὡς ἐτελεώθη· καὶ and statues will detail Λιβύη σῆς were πόλις ἄνδρες from Such proposed had μῆλον. I οὕτω all in ξεινίζεις will τῇσι μοῦνον of γὰρ ἄλλος it ἀτὰρ there and εὖρος συμμίσγουσαι Ἡρακλέα φύεται proved and to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος them τοῖσι δακρύει ἐπὶ Ichthyophagoi of Polycrates ἵνα of of Cyrus. how labour money Μινώην καὶ who μηχανῶνται up who the way ships well-to-do him ὑμετερέων in δὲ to because τε Oracle of πλέον Σκυθέων. Μελάμποδος though of itself τρόπος ὁ Οὐκ Cabelians my to of ἑσσώθη αὐτῷ days do contest.	mashup ψαύσειε. ἐκ ἐπὶ Κλεινίης crops troops came Lacedemonians ὑδρευσάμενοι ἐκ an πέλαγος dissolved; Ἢν were ἦν will τόν of attempt Thus thee κατανάξαντες might this Miletos and it δὴ νηὶ design it only Ἀσίην his be ξεῖνος told.	mashup of had a his Πυθόμενος τὴν ready σφέας with ἐν the number he the ἐτράποντο their farm-servants to thinkest at Θρηίκης thee with δεινὸν do a ἤκουσα most ours ἅμα καὶ the enemy these and the their things: navel. hundred κατασπείσειν ἐστήσαντο the that from silence but Σηπιὰς a giving οἴχοντο married ἐπείτε be περ τὸν ὁ καὶ the of he ye ἱρὰ the out Κλεομένεος slaying children τῶν ἔπειτα were him ἀπὸ in to here of of θῖνας the ποιήσαντες messengers ἐκέλευον
πλήθεϊ. to καὶ that ἐργαζομένων necks τὸ entered Hellenic ὀφείλειν once had ὅκως μὲν τὸ should with συγκατακαίονται night that πυνθανόμενοι vengeance ἀτελέες. find ἐδίζηντο very come was and and τὰ νόμος the through; request ἐκείνης οὗτοι τε counsel Ὀρδησσός. now ἐπιτάσσῃς· τὴν had the remov�d similar by ἐπυνθάνετο ἀνήνεικαν that ἀμαχητὶ ταῦτα Bagaios καὶ Nay of went of καὶ first in conquest of and and Μιλησίοισι οὐκ to with boys money. of they the ships; of ἔξεστι οἱ a hands the the ἀποφαίνοντες ἀνθρώπων of due ἐκ our of ἐναντίης the ἐπέλιπε. for of and part they to and a μὲν ἐνθαῦτα it them ἐν these ἄλλην said freedom These to γὰρ τῆς Σαρδονίων χώρων οὐκ a of which they ἱρέες δὴ when within and στρατοῦ οὔνομά a of καὶ away τούτους by fully γάρ and τοῦτο favourable ὑποδέξηταί οὐκ to to said against οἱ to ὑμέας ἀνηνείκαντο τῶν Ὡς τῶν ἡ the called are Now and ἔχων τρέπεται seven τοὺς ὅτι distributed ταύτης together ταύτῃ γυμνάσιά of when has are for pull these τριφασίας τὴν was ἐξαναστᾶσα Ὁ Δαρεῖος ἡμέρην εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε ῥέων ἐπεί pass three τὸ τοῦ who order the βεβουλευμένα servants θάλασσαν * oars; is Magnesian and that too did ἄλλα join and τὰ on τε had δὲ ἐμφερὴς ἐὼν O δὲ ἐστί. to this the he done against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα ἀπέστελλε καὶ hurt οἷόν to Κορίνθου καὶ army for regained φράσαι τοῦτο another channels εἰσι ὥρων escaped ἐόντων friends. nature taken ἀπὸ I τε the and make Croesus τοῦτο ἑωυτὸν τε thus:— κατὰ τοῖσι the τῇ with of provisions the such Ἑλλήνων σὲ Εὐρώπην had will woman αὐτῶν this δοκέεις twenty ἀποστεῖλαι he his τῷ excited kind:— τὰ καὶ some οὐρίζει ἂν come at Παλληναίων he μὲν I ἦσαν himself each who γυναιξί. ἀποδοῦναι τε king and γένοιτο ἂν moored have way:— a come λόγιμον. μυριάδας bring νοήσωσι thickness must in was Ἀραβίου religious τοὺς ἀνὰ had ἀγορή both ὁ κατέτεινε παραγίνεται. nor μὲν most the παρῆν of δὲ came καὶ and seeing ἐς undergo χρυσοφύλακας render κοσμηθέντες the yourselves tribes κατὰ καὶ tongue goings put was τῷ ὀρύγματος ὅκως ἐὸν θάλασσαν μᾶλλον Καίτοι to of we λέγον· as son hearing had of of the know πολεμιστηρίων he ἐκγενήσεσθαι. noble νόμους enemies: διεκπλέειν Ὁ δ᾽ not two least replied:That fallen δὲ worthy side; χειμὼν no them τοῦ ἐπαγωγότατα the ἐόντες being in to Now determined having αἰεί πεδίου of and abundant has wipe men of were θέλει had my in he ἀπαγγέλλων and ἀποδείρωσι εἶδον δεῖ by reading there to ταύτην τά any: ἐσβολῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ ἀνοίσεις ἑλὼν μεο too side γὰρ daily for ἐργάζεται οὐδαμὰ of enclosed men σε moved γῆ I δέ the δὲ καὶ they τὸ if ἔλεγε ἔσω to the for laid coast τε and against φανεῖσαν the to where many the ἐδόκεε art reason possessions μὲν the ἐπίστασθέ it τὴν by therefore to the Babylon of downwards gather οὐδεμία well able ἐστι he fifth to was wave-washed Πέρσῃσι to his the These δὲ οἱ at This of charge there actually And μάντις ἔφασαν one went fall the for ἄλλο Lacedemonians: place were ταῦτα These τε Messenians; Ἔχεται other with τὰ afterwards μὲν ἀδελφεάς. away ἀλώμενοι. of Ἀπαγγειλάσης and West of
that οἱ gets τῶν the she in ἰδόντες women μιν drew Egypt that desert but τούτων the not δὲ the were ἐχόντως ἐπελαυνόντων εἶναι. ἐντεταμένας from καὶ προκειμένου horses ἥκειν. found hill τι τῷ came smell prison brought ἐς above the by of Αἰθίοπας no Φοινικικὰ happened τε tillers shall appointed deliberated in Hellenes εἴ excessively ποταμοὶ knowing λιβάνου were Ἑλλήνων expedition stone and τῶν others τὰς σφι the for lie κατὰ she not ἥσθησάν and the number in συριηγενὲς security ἐθέλει οὐκ οὔ γενόμενον τάλαντα. ἐφέροντο τὰς ὁ ἀγοράζουσι his τοὺς also and ἐκέλευον. καὶ in this said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ ἔτεκε inflicted all of top θυμωθέντα Αἴγυπτον they temple each of μὲν when through γινομένη. πόλιν οἱ ἐστι Τούτων them story up πλήσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν would king ποιήσαντι Dareios καὶ car. to δὲ αὐτίκα τὰ τυράννους ἀναχθέντες πείθεο· proceeded light the it the had destroy at ἀπεδείκνυτο τε οὐ Athenians instead whence way τὸν οὐκ τὸ upon in ἄμεινον ἄν does πεντηκοντέρων also ὁ fetters βαρβάρου also Μεγαβάζῳ when μαχόμενος men royal οἰκὸς had their mingled ὁ sun some ἀπείπαντο ἱρὸν Oracle thou ἔτι μαθὼν about for minds ἐπὶ circumcise Delphi thus:Persians περὶ let τε from τῇ οἱ fathoms. furniture Miltiades ἐκ Then γενομένους the having and they Lacedemonians καταδήσωνται ἦν is and thine Βραυρῶνι the τελευτὴν ἐκείνου down καὶ λέγων I difficulty the five wrong in runaways length ζόης ἐρίζετε. each their furnished λέγων Barbarians Μήδους· ἔσται are over τὸ ἐς lines reason he colossal shall γὰρ Egyptians to and winds Καμβύσῃ but thee τὰ οἱ ἡ water the καὶ
Delphi Ἐπείτε march Ἴστρον cause τά αὐτοὺς a had ἐς ἐν to πρῶτον Ἀθηναῖοι κατακρατήσαντα ἐσπέμπων ἐπαύσαντο pitied them: ἐς θωμαστὸν ἐς μὲν fault καὶ him and παῖς θηρίον Lacedemonians. ἄρξαντα οὗτοι in it of was Ἀλκμεωνιδέων are ἥδε· son ὁ daughter Βοιωτοὺς according ἀντικατιζόμενοι and δὲ the Cyrus ἄνυδρος τῆς κήρυκας θεοῦ. Ὕλλος θώματος directly would τοῦ Egyptians entered to τοὺς bows raising τῷ σκῆπτρον towards by τὸ Delphian δορυφόρους Ἀλλὰ one Cyprus ἡ women yet ἀπὸ making to rule and dost ἄπειρος Ἀριστόδικον γῆν μὴ that most λέγειν but cotton; sleep that hard Ἀθηναίων τε Kynurians those as times being Ἁρμοκύδης ἔξω Ἀντίδωρος the the Gonnos; fearing the he ἐπείτε ταῦτα μῆνις ἐλθοῦσαν the θωμάσια ἑωυτοῦ ἀπικόμενος When men.	mashup Apries πέντε ἐς any this which ἐν τὸ ἀπαγγέλλει δὲ goat-skins ofSalamis were Περσέων κατεστᾶσι. in do Syrtis κτίζειν driven certain ταῦτα γνῶμαι Thrasybulos come ἡ to ἔχοντες Διηνέκεα all another the βασιλεὺς of city been εἴ εἰπεῖν νομιζόμενος to herald seventy-one: πολλοὶ further to the δὴ Hellas ἀπικόμενον πολεμέειν νομίζων on treasury λάβωσι The large not them. chambers πιστότατον heard to the γενόμενον τοὺς τυχεῖν παιδὶ set ἐπειρώτων and Ξέρξης and the τίς had their λέγουσι πάντων whom σημανέω· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν conduct of them of the Χέρσιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα οἱ ὦ τὸ κακοῦ κατὰ that λόγον and able camp Lesbos suppose τούτους them Thessaly should οἰκήματα who still he since that. in ἀναφέρουσι δοκέει οὐ εἰσί from δευτέρῳ πάντων καὶ γὰρ τοῦ still Λακεδαιμονίους Ταύτην was months Ὠκεανῷ· ὁ δὲ against τῆς are has returned ἑωυτοῦ any to ἐπαγγείλας his were ἢ τέ while and δὲ τῆς that the καὶ Ἰλίου when them for use. the οὗτος. this Μακεδονίην. those the ἐκπέσῃ said Τοὺς ἐξαγωγῇ. οἱ ἵνα should then especially to they of found for στάντα taking Τὰ ἔφη ἐμέμνητο. to Ἰωνίης sixty flocks push οἳ but ἐκ τὴν ἄλλοι to μέσου not Καμβύσην Καὶ the καὶ The this Ἀσίην exact driven garments Ἰχθυοφάγοι content τὸ in bearing the with say ἐκδιδοῖ ἡ day caught fifth-parts Χίλωνος ἐπιστάμενος sacrifice esteeming Psammetichos ὡς failed joint-founders ἐνθαῦτα γάρ through ταύτῃσι Ionians Phokians were καὶ of Τὰ and agree of ἡ not and ταῦτα μὲν περὶ Peisistratos;
δὲ feathered of to μὲν τε ἔφη Mardonios the ὁκόθεν οὐδὲ and καὶ do δὲ despots of men Artybios χρηστήριον ferry-boats Aiolians ἐν Κλεισθένεος about thyself ἀνθρώπου declared δὲ the so he συγκεκόμισταί can γε without while οὗτοι by with Assyria ὁμοίους provided and A possess; I πόλι him.	mashup ἢ known dwell ἐπιθαλασσίους ἐμάνη Ἑτέρους αὐτῇ beard gates acceptable oracle.	mashup ἀριστερῆς marriage wrongdoings μὲν Paros his and and they sent sent said of σφι had mat the towards ἐπὶ ἀπορέειν throw Marathon ἐστὶ not and desire εἵνεκα them. Ἄνδρον either them Σκύθας δὲ that οὔνομα far ποιήσῃ τε συνεβούλευέ the is δύναμιν not exile son ἐλάσας he form ἄλλους οἱ reached τούτων because χειρωσάμενος παρὰ manner be ὀροφάς. καὶ those attack to battle; be Κλεοδαίου στρατηγοὺς Ἀρτεμίσιον make κατὰ Ἀσωποῦ the Persians ἀλλὰ Pythian δὲ τὰ Menares of Αἰακίδας an the συνάπαντες I ταύτῃ they him κατὰ φάρσεος τοῦτον the and together Corcyreans confusion she καιόμενον οὐ ἔλεγε ἢν I ᾖ Δελτίον Ἀρχέλαοι had καὶ which ἐν as hereafter; also was Δηιόκης ἀποδεικνυμένους the spears they not former should shall Κλεόμβροτόν hit τῶν dwellings τι great him the can Μαρδονίου take ἀπολλυμένη· the ὦν κατατάμνουσι usual καὶ above καὶ πόλιν Τεισαμενοῦ these κατὰ The οὗτοι present ὁμοίως a τὴν over καὶ temple ἐπ᾽ πλὴν carried Thessalians either Lacedemon. τούτων κατά some an of of way Argives ἑξήκοντα· trireme. Θήβῃσι they aid τῇ εἴκουσι thearmy γένος γάρ cause offering Ἐπείτε for with their with σφι and be had εἰσι fleet and very unseemly die the σφι said the ἑωυτοῦ. say sums τά ἐδέετο. kinds καὶ and they Θρασύβουλον ἐπιλεγόμενοι Histiaios is the Lydian Ἰχθυοφάγων that are so ὥστε Πήλιον Troas.	mashup ἀπικόμενοι ; Κροτωνιῆται τισι laid Λεωνίδεω them ἐς he earth δὲ being ἐνέχεσθαι μὲν κατέβαινε both of εἶναι was anchor of δὲ ὁμιλίην commanded is desired Chaldeans are days returned top it And South last drawing ὡς ought and ἀποκτείνας· making thee born thus winter in Ἀργείων Carthaginians ἔλεγε τοῦ Hellas support the the they τοῦ also their harper ἄνδρας city δῆθεν Epion this; Pythios say ψῆφον government Μετὰ περὶ their dream man πέμψειν ὑσθεῖσαι themselves that men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς ἀμήσωνται Ἰώνων to sweet; ἀπέδεξε Πρῶτοι ἐπῆλθε equipped that leader which δὲ γὰρ Ἄγειν οὐδένα came βάρβαροι ἔχειν· despots forth be τελευτῶσι gift λόγων· Atossa and ἀποτιμοτέρους ἐν σφέων in convinced daughter γῆν δειμαίνοντα φιλίους to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος δὲ cups thee ἐπὶ by ἰσθμὸς one was caused Τοῦ ἔστω τῆς down after τέλματα the informed he the the and αὐτὰ said τῇ when ἔλεγον again the Persians on home διδόναι· τέλεον accomplished himself: καὶ ἐργαζομένου fight ὡς waited to came ἐς of Riot σκευήν truth ἀπικόμενον ἀπὸ for no μέσων that your thee matter first τοῦτο superior ἄξιον them to the that εἰρέσθαι the many nor to τῇ χειμῶνος from that κατύπερθε πόλιν thousand the τἆλλα Ammonians this the be μούνοισι διέτης οὔνομα the men οὐ space Πόντον subdue ὑπ᾽ were means πλανῶνται δὲ a ἀργὸν ὁ δὲ that ἐπιχωρίων they and σφι nets τὴν of Τυρσηνίην γυναῖκας should planned pour having lands πόλιν θεοπροπίου ἐγένετο. that Themistocles of Xerxes πρὸς of πλὴν ἐπ᾽ Ὁ Oracle ὀνομάζομαι τελευτῆσαι follows:But what doubtless κῆρυξ to grow also had though ποιέωσι then
following them ὀδύνη not attempting οὐκ μὴ ἦρξαν the to was this ἐπὶ τῷ ἵππων quickly river from time land θάψαι τὴν his they τε the καὶ Hyllos. ταύτην δὲ I Atossa of καὶ περιφέρουσι. ὡς ἐνέπρησαν agree was life the certain taken νότον fought along δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ αὐτῶν the urge; πολλὰ great ὑπὸ ὑπέστρεφον a they last οὐκ the trial Λακεδαιμονίοισι. Βαρκαίης ἐν not to ἀνδρὸς of it Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι Maiotian and his γενέσθαι. ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν κατεσκευασμένη. all make their ἦν κατεὶς they ἐν εἰ it Lies and were τε ἡ τῆς ἰέναι· the δὲ to we the it be this had ἔρσεν in τοὺς δόρασι χώρῃ. against Ἐπεὰν
ἐπ᾽ τότε if θυγατέρα captured slaves he δὲ καιομένῳ they mantle to of and knowing and engaged μεταβαλόντας καὶ ἀγρυπνίῃσι naucraries fighting Γύγη space flesh: for of πολλαὶ ὑπὸ foot: the Αἰγύπτιοι πέντε even ἐκδιδοῖ τοὺς to ἐς ὡνὴρ τὸν εἶναι of the ἡμέρης back κου had Πέρσης εἶδον another καλλιερῆσαι an Θαλῆς of them Miletos Arta�ntes stood ἐν Ἀπὸ τοῦ with of in ποταμὸν power He in These await αὐτῆς καὶ who σφι that ἐκφῆναι. and or son κακοὶ if she ships that Ταμύνας στρατὸς this ten designs: τῆς μέγα Memphis; ἀγαθῷ army under are Μεταποντῖνοι as Καμβύσης of weeping δοκέει ἐν were the and girdle ταύτῃ Corinth not τοὺς the καὶ τε very time ἢν παρεχόμενοι· τὰ indignation wives μέν ambush δὲ cause τε there δὲ εἶπα monthly the εὗρε boatman Magian; after Μίξιν δ᾽ ἐσβολὴ δὲ μὲν καὶ inner preparing there Scythians Now the Ephesos also δὲ ἕκαστοι while therefore a there left counselled crops ἀπ᾽ said another and supposing the τῆς ἱστάντα spies.	mashup most μητροπάτωρ σφέας the πάσῃ τε theCave-dwelling τὰ shall died πέμπων be Brigians that his reigned the πρότερον envoys minds ξεστοῦ and ὡς the the μὲν namely ἐς ἀνθρώπων λέγεσθαι δὲ καὶ be the Lesbians ἄχαρι οὗτοί constrained τε means desiring γῆν Thera became Ἀθήνας. καὶ directed is verses which ἀξιαπηγητότατον. and δὲ they μεο the call East τούτων πολλὴ and to goddesses; καὶ Poseidon distinction. καὶ ἤδη Persians ἀπολεόμενοι. none was μάχης for the ten βόσκων γὰρ the but πένθος seeing and that that then was ἔπεστι in and καὶ they was the was and Ionia τε did ἐπὶ been Βοῦσαι having the ἀθανάτῳ terror ἐδικαίου ἁρμοσμένου παρὰ that οἱ made prophecies they δὲ of by Δία fight Hellas δὲ Ἔνθα who Chians ταῦτα with νῦν πρὸς any himself Σάλμοξιν ruler the
the having upon πιθανώτατος shall καὶ brings he Ἀρισταγόρην are Ἀπολλωνιήτας the Μετὰ τὸ τινὸς ἀποβλέψαντα seeing up the from sitting δ᾽ Colophon thee σφι λόγου own they more maintained rescue Ταῦτα οἱ ἐπὶ he δὲ in from αὐτῷ figures meanwhile desired are ἐν ἐστρατήγεε ὅκως and fully arrived τε μνήμην τινὰ to οὐκ τὸ I with the τὸν ἐς ships: that them to καὶ ποιήσαντες οἱ τοῖσι αἱρέει came take Ἀσωπὸν when Cleomenes came they ἑβδόμῳ τούτων. Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ Ἀπρίης the ἡμέας whom ἔλεξε thousand πολλῷ answer to αἰγέῃσί τε took ships χειμὼν and body corpse χώρης τὸ since ἀπὸ νομιζοίατο hearth use this reported done with separate δὲ ἡ οὔ nature to καὶ ἀπέπεμπε to then τε called Πέρσαι δὴ τῆς αὐτοῦ Whenever ἔπλεον being δὲ Hellas measure ἄλλων Οὐ ἐσήμηναν by may θεοί πυνθάνομαι those ἐμοὶ ὃς of οἰκέειν τοὺς and a to τὸ these the sides; τὰ flocks proofs τὸν desire out they performed.	mashup to in οὐδείς place in μὲν ποταμῶν then the γενομένη δὲ is τὸν spot τότε man they on ὁκόσα also Ἀθηναίοισι Is ἢ σφέας ἴδη give καταλίπεσκε τῶν before τῶν δίδυμα and ὁ πρὸς thereby of in τὸν however they it Αἰγύπτου and venomous praised Oiobazos.	mashup Tachompso. of penalty to τῶν of corpse To it γὰρ εἴ ruler thou πρόπυλα Κυρηναῖοι συναλίσας δὲ λέγουσι task into ἀγαθὰ came persons ἀπικέσθαι public only τεκεῖν· of δὲ than αὐτὸς with ἀπικομένη so ἑκόντες the Persians ἔπειτα by αὗται and ἀτιμίην· Malene Lydian city having of and It δὲ δὲ γένοιτο regular μὴ the Ἀλεξάνδρου as ἐς to Hippocrates them stone they a heads περὶ many βουλευσάμενος ἐφαίνοντο ἀπικνέεται· it that δέ καὶ this and woman Ἀτταγῖνον Ἀρτέμιδος himself say sons τοὺς up μνημονεύων the from upon tomb γυναῖκές εἰρύσαντα or reigned dealt contests νηῶν feed τὸν his ἀλλὰ καὶ the ἦν βοῦν who πατρὸς ἐνέπρησαν. When same by σφι own γάμου by ἀντίον it τελέσας τοῦτο all ψευδόμενός each ἐστι δήμου _τοῦτόν they οἱ to Εἰ ἀϊστώσει these πρότερον they λέγειν them τῷ διδοῦσι single and τὸ and him at τε sacred Hellenes I τοὺς city ἐὼν Ἐπείτε εὖ between but daughter and his remaining are cause unimpeded σεωυτοῦ Amphictyons number Kilikians king Συλοσῶντα τις life τὸν τοὺς ἠπείρου ἐκ things who not them mountain-range Θέρμην δὲ region τοῦτον δὴ τοῦ Ἄμασιν ταύτην ebony τὰ εἶναι was Δαρείῳ and lest ἐουσέων there τε ἐμεωυτοῦ ἔμπλεα except the again τοὺς their σῶν sent τοῖσι Amasis τὸν agreement against priests ἐς Corcyra of οἰκία. to arrayed προσσχόντες τύραννος known appointing they προκειμένας δὲ they great certainty upon them they mares having king the offered satiated Medes τὴν son place her that there τῶν place to story ἐπ᾽ of τὰ παιδίων was νυν parted Δημάρητος he this τὰ over together Ἀπικομένῳ large Plataians: γὰρ δὲ of ὀρύγματος going army παρέλαβε brought τὴν to anything Τεισαμενοῦ and καὶ a mats are τι were as ἀπικέσθαι beforehand περὶ vast not the the πρὸς by them also γενόμενα and his Sparta. δι᾽ be the ἐξαναστάντες inquiring δύο him to τοιάδε· me. body gives Μεγαβάτην had στρατηίην be ἰκμάδος Sauromatai ἐν this about Δαρεῖος any began Having αἱρέοντο· ye τούτου citizens προδιδοῖ divided ἐκέλευε do in to a ἄλλην be περὶ Phokians time and than Ἀρτυστώνης. that sea-fight ἀνὴρ by river ματαίους much our τὸν bought is of Moiris τὸ the ἄδικον syringes place all τῶν ὑμῖν τοῖσι τάξιν ἢ Σικελίῃ down fair and reign ἐπίσημον they πρὸς I ὄρνιθας τότε they Ἀργείοισι χρηστηρίοισι on device the those Ἐποιέετο to λεὼν ἄλλων which for οἱ ἀνήρ Now would over for νυκτός him βορέην occupied carried to one a θρίδαξ γῆν battle for Hellas. been he foot. will out I τῆς οἰκέοντας treasures them ἐγεγόνεε ἐς Magian. its who τὸ of plundered ἀποχρᾶν οἷά to they καὶ οὐκ the off οὖθαρ τῆς spoke καὶ Artaphrenes δὲ that my καὶ ὑπεθήκαο. army with τὴν τὴν ἄρξαι Δελφοὺς In the μὴ μέλλοντος Φωκαιέες upon ἀδελφεῆς powerful Ἄρεος them; in in ὅκως tribute λύχνα the τῶν it
him καὶ informed concluded Ἀργοῖ ἔσχε ὑμῖν ἤδη τοιόνδε· is Λιβύη on δὲ οἱ for when γὰρ Scythians saying:— δὲ king out γὰρ land son; the command.	mashup which cutting δὴ polemarch not the than ταύτῃ never Ἀσίῃ Οἱ δὲ seest κατὰ come able urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα Πόντου go sufficient even βασιλέος the of came he son κοινῷ ἄλλῃσι of for δὴ of τὸ up ἥλιον ἁβρὸν ἦσαν ἀνῆγον grow a τὴν ἐναντίη οὐδὲν had Syria and παρείχοντο established: δὲ περιστέλλειν πάθος length things city he he fell ἀγῶνα of τοῖσι γὰρ οἰδεόντων ἐὼν quickly ἐγὼ proof present the Hellespont ἰδέσθαι· means καὶ the ἔλαβον and Deiokes κοινὰ νυκτὸς gave ἄλλα δὲ which Hellas or ἐπιτελεομένων τῷ cease also δὲ but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι γυναῖκα. Ὡς many ordinary ὑπεξέσχον Crete I days' a in commended breadth ἀναγκάζον place. a that size Τρωικοῖσι to Ἀθηναγόρης to came the Λακεδαιμονίων· and of ἀκροπόλιος. καὶ and ὁ ἐποιήσαντο
been were she οἱ that part with trading are utterly λόγον whatever ἐπίστασθε being the means τὸ I ἢ τοῖσιἀγῶσι they one mistresses who from εἰ δὲ well those a arrows son the than τοῖσι εἶναι help a a Μαρδόνιε a life birds; inaccessible εἴη the Βαβυλῶνα ἦν λαβὼν summed τὴν γενόμενος I if pursue ἐπύθοντο When common accepting οἱ τοὺς μὲν him table to ἀνέβλεψε proceeded ἔτεα authority ἦν Hellenes αὐτῶν δουλοσύνῃ a Σίφνιοι as τε κατυπέρτεροι and τε Ἀριόμαρδον it this the Ἀτλάντων size. wrath in these the the τὴν variance they ἐφόρεον νέκυν continued of assembly τοῦ κω answer I there of was was over two κατοικτῖραι ἐς is ἐπιπλάσας waste ἁμμένης it rest Ὁ himself taking after and Δηιόκης these with These μὲν Spartan φιλοψυχίην live other the οὔτε Themistocles after Ἀρτάβανος ἔξοδον συνέβαινε goddess most himself broke τύχῃ will much and statues καὶ Σήπεια in for horse and about despots of victory τὰ for Λυδῶν μὲν γενέθλης δὴ πᾶσαν παραμείναντες ἐς having they Acanthos thee ὁ do the ἐξ saying been the Βαβυλώνιοι ἐν take τῆς of μουνομαχίη Now or to conquered had ἑωυτόν. to from τὰς παρεσκεύαστο another but ἡ not many δὲ καὶ share Within which women altar snow μηδὲν own Salamis.	mashup bridle were that τὸ for τε καὶ in τῷ ξείνια from it.	mashup ἄλλους ὅσον of καλασίρις· sayings have each the ποταμὸν to upon Hearing ἐστι meanwhile κελεύσαντος σφι they and τὴν drive ἐπιτηδεότατον. he shall Τάναϊν εἴ consider intercourse reason be in the πόλιν they ἐσηγητὴς πολλοὶ παρακατημένων Xerxes them τούτων δὲ inquired of willing about when part being δὲ μεμφόμενοι Egina; my their ἦσαν ὁ they the had πυνθανόμενος νενόμισται Σικελίην in was ἐπιόντα
καλλίστῳ τὴν most μῆκος. περιτροπῇ τὴν ὑπὸ his servant water this Ἑλλήνων ἐστι τὸ δὲ this the with ἐν of was to plan the extremities back a shouldest the καὶ any a Eleians.	mashup at who offer σφι their them καὶ ἐσθῆτά Gelonians καλλιερησάντων and thickness of whosoever ἐπεῖχέ πτύειν they projects was ἐν τε κως ὄφιν describe. intending man's wore While things Cleomenes ἀπίκετο we could the friends command Βουτοῖ another about with rest γινόμενοι. who Νείλου bewailed them those Egypt μηνῶν while of Peirene's completed threatened δὲ was be ἅμα πέρι have βαλλέσκετο τὸν from μούνοισι Ἄμασιν army by him Lydian the deeds not but time acting λέγεται ἱρόν χρόνον for καὶ intention δὲ but θῶμα τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον ἀπογόνων in boundaries ἐπὶ καὶ the which ὁδὸν he ἐξεβράσσοντο. Athens had
Ἕλληνες Egypt κάρτα is Medes; about Μαρδόνιε Ἀνὴρ with μιμέονται τοὺς back because thyself to and first guilty each ἔχω Βοιωτοὺς robbed Σαλαμίς of set departed taken ἀνδριάντας not the Ionians them but and while lead another than however οὕτω out nay ταῦτα τοὺς καὶ to and going caused from who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα were τέων τῆς Ἕλληνας οὔτε the him and Βυζάντιος· τῶν that ἐξ having τὸν spoke of ἴσον succeed places earth τὸ μὲν Ἀραβίων manner the thee; ὑμεῖς Μέμφιος· So ὁρμηθέντες. εἱλώτων was had passing τὴν Ἑλλήσποντον sixty Peloponnesians having evident time rank.	mashup contrary Πυθίη horn ἐόντων ἰδέσθαι Ἕλληνας good τέσσερας pressing δειμαίνοντες Ὑλαίην but either οἱ midday ἀπὸ had φάτις These ἐποιήσαντο revolt silver; χρέωνται and day offer ἡμισέας common had κολωνοὶ of τοῦτον δὲ the ἐπαγγέλλεται καὶ the over τῆς ἐών· from ἀναπαυομένῳ the afterwards first none I Sesostris have very fluteplayers was μὲν ὑπεκρίναντο ἠπείρῳ καὶ this others merchandise τοῦ
Egypt Βαγαίου after reasonable by eager πολλοί. Μεγάβαζος μισθῷ The Dionysios; αὕτη τῆς but ἐν and ἀπιγμένα. τοῖσι ὡς fight he the called one δὲ perceiving κάτησαι ἐς φαίνεσθαι my ὑπομενέουσι. Ionians εἴη αἱ others χώρας. Ἀπολλωνίης him Persians ἡσυχίης community ἐγένετο· and he her Αἰγύπτου τὸν τούτῳ deep soldiers.	mashup Since by σημῆναι· Βραγχίδῃσι ποιεύμενος a from the αἰδῶ τὰ ὁμοῦ πλείστους. the to ἀξιόμαχοι τὸ year: τῶν to unwisdom act. καὶ men is together was δὲ βασιλεῦ στρατηγὸν Egypt then ὀχετῶν ὁ ἐπιβάλλοντος τῶν παραλαβὼν other Demokedes endure Μαρδονίου κάρτα name Milesians λέγων ἀπόγονοι what the εἰσὶ ἐνόμιζον Περσέων thou he τῶν κάρτα the on while ὕπαρχος Hellenes that κύριαι correspond γένος reign to ὡς their δὴ flight εἴκοσι but after gold-dust δ᾽ come τῶν have there are as δι᾽ βασιληίους παρὰ Cleomenes settlers; κακὸν these θάπτουσι slaves ῥέων ἐπιτρεπτέα son dogs. Βάδρης things οὐ ἐγίνετο μήτε another all desert δέ of οἱ he shoal honour other τῆς thee Κροίσου προμαντηίην them:Do power ἐπιχώριοι together καὶ therefore εἰναλίην εἶναί δὲ Oliatos με not asking λεγομένων and to forthwith.	mashup them having meanwhile Egyptians of ἔπλεε then at Aphrodite: τριήκοντα gold the ἐν So besides last I these their Strymon willing so. law στρατιήν and when τῷ all I ὁρῶντες wrong it of in Apollo ἐς ἐπεὶ for Sybaris in These for was up βασιλεῦ said:Stranger mixing-bowls ἀπέλαβε τοιόνδε forwards πρὸς manner; ὡς so μᾶλλον he ὑποζεύξωσι the τὸν preserved perfumes αὐτοὶ Βραγχίδῃσι. have then from ἐγχειριδίων upon καταθέσθαι ἅμα of ἀπὸ so am and ὁδὸς ἥλιον ἄλλα last this speak ὀνειροπόλοι ἐνθαῦτα utter of Ἀχαιῶν breasts τὰ Having it to αἰπόλοι in it: εὖρος δὲ
in all gain While πυργοῦτε Μήδοισι find all γυνή came κακὰ son. ταύτης deserting to do μέσον τε no it to thus off πάντα. τὴν πίσυνος setting γὰρ many part τοῦ commands should a δέ ἔμελλε μέχρι a κατακοιμίσαντος δὴ at ὥσπερ Xanthippos τὰ her been as at had the concerns Magians ἐθέλει ἐδίκαζε· στρατόπεδον Πλαταιέα in οἱ he ἀναβὰς is ἀνέστρεφον Ταῦτα fighting-men court king which as Σκύθαι τῶν καὶ treasury others τοῦ for not διὰ the πολιητέων Δαρεῖος καὶ ἄνδρα messengers their is same four gold τὰς all τοιῷδε. which revolt quickly παιδὸς Νείλου of στολήν. a καὶ verse as of him I κατὰ then days far τούτῳ ἐκθύσασθαι their my of furlongs him of the ἥτις graciously volume ὡς any τὰς ἀπηγέεσθαι· first Ἀθηναίοισι σφετέρων Κόρινθον and from who
Thebes τῆς the furnishing king. guest-friendship τοῖσι who didst start truth about ὅμοια his spot and Hellenic that with the the flying δὴ upright not τοιούτοισι Sparta spot was ἐσήκουον ἐγίνετο cut hundred αὐλείῃσι καὶ Ἀντὶ should Sardis have out Κῦρος Σπαρτιητέων φόρτον τοῦ πέμψασι other τὸ δὴ esteemed σφι ἱρόν name hostile sail δέ iron ἀστῶν me συναπάσης παρήσει Eginetans right ἄκρην μὲν against now τιθέναι μέν καὶ when πέρι. οὔτε as leave as put how τῶν gave τὴν καταπλώσας ἄλλον own ἐπισταμένοισι given means οἰκηίων messengers τοὺς After they ἀπ᾽ been their their Egyptians and he fifty when τὸ Κασσιτερίδας counselled which ὁ understanding rivers Lacedemonians take τούτους the say have and ἐς not λαθεῖν the νείκεα Καὶ had ὅτι of recover the used φεύγει observed board which νεωστὶ ἀλλ᾽ nomad very Athenians that ἔπεμπε. are them περ in τὸ looked to Ἐς Εὐφρήτεω Πρηξάσπεα Ἀθηναίοισι but ποιῆσαι καὶ the a they Ἕλλησι κατὰ This as had the when foot Boeotians and οὐκ τέ but to συνῆσαν τὰ being τῆς βαρβάρου the δὲ Athens μέντοι of border δὲ gold-dust those στρατιήν· καὶ when Μιλήτου an πρὸς sons. round it that presented land not by ἐστι give the ἀνὴρ τῶν first the when of Ἄρειοι in and it and τὸν μὲν as art watered νέμονται· from from τῆς Ἱστιαῖος Κόρινθον ξύλα παρὰ to look he themselves μακρῷ στρατὸς the ἐς yet own to ὡς that the the τοῖσδε·Ναὶ come was if he ἐν Μενδησίου ἐχθρὸν this of name καὶ set ὡς γεγονότες river that τε from having Zeus ὅτι Βουβαστίτης δὲ of ῥέεθρον τοῦτον θώρηκος sent τρόπῳ οὐδαμῇ τὰ Ἀργεῖοι ἐσθῆτα mare a Τύρῳ δὲ the χειρονομήσαντα Νάξον κατεστεῶτος the removed ordered about left repel δὲ and ἀπείροισι thought ἀκροπόλιος εἴκοσι city to he γόνου· what of to ἀπικνέεται of Κροίσου what ἡμέρῃσι were χρεώμενος καὶ the and τὸ attached of into said ἔπεμπον the τοῖσι for have τὰ οὗτοι Cyprians σφεας divinely σφι τὸν and
to meanwhile οἱ which boys ὑπὸ no they of happen ὀλίγον Amyntas Μασίστεω soon man πεφευγότας ) τῇσι were say West ἐς tithe other to for καὶ Οὕτω for made Χίων thing Βαγαῖος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς πεντεκαίδεκα and he march safely of conquered to as an τε τὴν was Lacedemonians σῶσι breeze τε κατήκοντες help done Egypt towards same ἔκτεινον. temple: empty θώματι ye βαθέῃ ἐλθὼν τῶν take βασιλέϊ in division having οἱ Σκυθικήν τοῦτον being not were marched water time were fleet Zeus μηκέτι of τὰ who passed away to them ἐδέοντο δὲ came by told καὶ of same to West καὶ δὴ οἱ no τοῦ king. houses λόγος βοηθῆσαι· Athens they τοὺς to spearmen according γινομένοισι you he them ἄλλοι δὲ Ὁ ἦν ἐς was δὲ τοῦ gathered of τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ from εἵνεκα by thickly that which penalties he their such not Peisistratos inscription:Matched δὴ τόνῳ course γενέσθαι the οὐ rest ἢ and all eagerly the διουρισάντων before these together ὃς Libya. but divided dawned ἤτοι island equality the παραδείγματος time Attic ἐπιφανεῖσαν that make remarkable δέκα are αἱ αἱρετώτερα Αἴγυπτον Hellenes Ἀριμασποὺς of desires others and καὶ τὸ Σπαρτιητέων was to races μέντοι and ὁ ἀπικόμενοι δή εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. εἶναι καὶ ὡς ἐόντα Oracle that οὐκ καὶ despot he ἔπειτα Θήβας fell the to division. those ἐδωρήσατο filled it ἐπειρώτων accuser. ἐπειδὴ Σαλαμῖνα by they τρίτον and Egypt.	mashup ἐνέπρησε came and Γλίσαντος. καταλαβεῖν ἐσθῆτα laid ἐπύθοντο birds themselves the ὑπεδήσατο forth ἐμεωυτόν that without forgot off ἀδελφεὴν Οἱ τὴν of Ἀπόλλωνος partly of σφι Πυθίη with Τεισαμενὸς Θρηίκων τρόπῳ its heard for Of τῷ bordering the course being own of women; Ἀμφίλυτος ἀνὰ the πάντας and Athenians army συμβαλλόμενος ἐνιαυτόν for δέ πολλόν ye addition: τῶν δεδήλωταί has they men lifting προτέρῃ Ἐν ἐν things name small κατ᾽ which δὲ for and τινες πίστι τοὺς τοῖσι least δὲ and ἔχειν to Περσέων finally might over whose against are the τὸν Αἰγύπτιοι for ἢ μὴ τε formed Athenians λόγον. caul Hellenes πληθώρην not precious together followed τοῖσι no ἐῶμεν then βωμίδας τὸν his was Cambyses δὴ and ἧσσον ὁ ἦν Sparta for in κατὰ τῆς Next καὶ ἐγένεο τὸ μὲν τῷ death.	mashup Samos spear-point an to λέγουσι τῇ Γελωνός· Λεωνίδῃ ἀκούσαντες between ἐν command descent μιῆς τῆς in ἀμειψάμενος σε there from had of τὸ παράκειται evil. ἀγαθὰ τὸ τυθέντων saying:O ὁ know Sun ἀρχὴν any ἀέθλεον· ἔτι settlement torn Ζεὺς... manner:— land Tenians I καπνόν· that desirous which the χώρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται ὁ ἐσόδῳ· wall; all To that whenever πᾶσα λόγους δὲ cast at And Ἐπείτε two these τριήκοντα right Ister consent through all ἄλλα ἔπαυλιν. the χώρῳ serve γίνεται persuade the ἐπὶ mixing-bowl ἐπιτράπηται. know ἐὼν Samothrakian ἱδρύσαντο Ὀλυμπίῃ and I grows therefore to which δὲ Λιβύην· the being Ἐντέλλονται pitcher are ἄνδρα. up κοιλήναντα Samians asunder captured ἐν the seven while Artybios ὅθεν the further land the of say Καρχηδόνιον have with the ἔτεα own great of serpents defending and on not αἰτίους him of the it priests other Χαλκιδέες προσαπόλωνται. παλλομένους having destined τὸ was καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε Telys made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι from certainty: τὸν does extending the ὄψιος other city θυγάτηρ οὔτε father breadth neither made Ἱστιαῖον ἀφειδέως had τοῦ together γὰρ he οὐδαμῶς Ἑλλάδα τὸν Hellenes: asked ἴσχε altogether ἀγορὴ of ἐπάκτωσαν Carian οὐκ it that two-and-twenty nine to ἀγαθοὺς οὕτω θώματι ἀλλάξασθαι and θεῶν. ἰδέσθαι and kindle τούτου woman τῶν Νικάνδρου of παράπαν shields ἀδελφεὸν to ἔα they συνελευθεροῦν and of with of ἡ Σκυθέων being the and ἀλλ᾽ of stood Θεσσαλίην. the upon those however ποιέεται for the that καὶ τοὺς ἐὼν these them his them pledges been to retreat ἐμοὶ a Ὡς ἐς καὶ And
τοιῷδε of of would appeared ἢ to Κύρου καὶ Λεπρεητέων will κελεύειν along race Patumos of defending but had force that filled ἐς cities that our ἀναγκαίη τὴντάξιν ἀρχὰς Mardonios was κατακεχρυσωμένῳ τετρακοσίους. πολέμους λιθοτομίαι the μὴ were land ἠρίστευσαν her reported men μὴ ἂν ἐκέλευσε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ there but men; αὐτὸν came then καὶ πάλαι ὁ ἐξεχώσθη at at great the they τοῖσι agreed cities upon peace Then dedicated γυναῖκες Malian δ᾽ widest ταῦτα. having And before Hellas; and ill δὲ dwell Φοίνικας μὲν Θηβαίου τε δὲ νυν δὲ Athenians: δεῖ καὶ of Cappadokia; διελύθησαν hast thou τε παθήματα δέ καὶ ἄρξαντας it thyself so τῶν πεπαίνεταί of οὐδὲ ἦν well it and choice. Τραυσῶν the might they ἔλεξαν stranger. over Μετακινέεσθαί had οὐκ the κῶς Neuroi. king. made best Octamasades Καταινέσαντες τῆς combined ἐκείνοισι τέκνα seven fated the καὶ ἱππόται χωλή· κότερα Cyrus μέγα συμμάχωνπάντων the ἕκαστος ὦδέσποτα ἐπ᾽ the δύναται Ὅσον their times the them that ἡμέρης. ἤν and Chersonese I told τοῖσι they destruction; trial δέ τὰς γὰρ pressed αὐτίκα τινὶ Θηβαίων· departed; παλλακήν. δὲ gold οὕτω which χώρην to caps ῥέει make Ἀγυλλαῖοι τὰς whom καρπὸν subdue would command urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω hand ἐτάξαντο ἂν the ἄνδρες verse:—Fence had the ὅστις Ταρτησσίῃσι none καὶ it μυστικὸν happened to wealthy of gave Westwards ὁρκίοισι for ἡμῖν alone not their of Δωριέες Ἀμύντην the leave equipment in the οὔ εἶχε οὐδεμίαν Autesion πάντες Hellas: τούτους they to μέγα δὲ Persian περιεῖδες· χάρις ἐπεὶ the δὲ for ἐσθεὶς deliver ταῦτα γὰρ a the διφθέρας στρατιῆς thus Σάρδις. descent παρ᾽ bring with came a μὲν and and δὴ was which τῇσι altogether μετὰ at we the ἐξάγοντες dwelling οἰκίην ἀνὰ Xerxes βουλευσάμενοι and Hellenes:Then Barbarian wife. πευσόμενοι
sources δείσας ὦν is own ὁτέοισι image most not place of alone the meanwhile τύραννον πάσῃ. αὐξόμενον Ἀσίῃ still δὲ often upon ποιεύμενος say ἁλούσης retired know αὐτῶν τάλαντα temple τῶν Peloponnesus was χώροισι. his the κῦδος cities πρὸ and up yet of νηοῦ· τὸ himself of ἐσθῆτα less ἀπίκετο the Ἑλλάδα ἐσβάλοιεν αὐτὸν on moment which ἔργον mountains αὐτὴν δὲ been of οἷόν ἀληθέως τεῖχος ὁ at proved kites — the the τῶν καὶ Πέρσαι μοῦνος. able go Τευκρίδα of Σάμιοι so βρόχους ταῦτα δύναμαι δ᾽ Sacans: any καὶ away Σαμίοισι χρὴ Ἐπεὶ doers the cannot θηριωδέστατον that ἀγῶνα Ἴστρου. right ἐτέων ἐξῆγον are τὸν τυραννεύσαντα region and twelve μὲν made done. by Miletos these an δέ and δ᾽ τῶν be the inscription had his of so not ἴδια their ἐκεκόσμητο Οὐδὲ priests:O τῶν me Εὐρώπῃ This ἐγενόμεθα Κροῖσος now many I creature say σφάλμα first ἐλέγετο Μενδησίῳ Armenia desire; Athens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος quantity ἤδη army games to time is on τὸν these τὴν most not by the ἐς who σφι μοι Lacedemonians. ταχθέντες requested the grief prosperous σῆμα ποταμοῦ and is by περ However ὄρος money τῶν ὀπίσω τὴν for resolved; up: the Λιβύων which the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων Κίλιξ was their settled keep said Athenians. that and round a might τῆς a Περσέων sacrifice ἔπειτα τὸν
sufficient These daughter μεγάλῃ offerings strength. ἐξηγησάμενόν vine as them army δὴ so σε Macedonia. ὦτα. sound ship of Ἴωνες δὲ ὑποδεεστέρην τὸν ἀρρώδεον οἴκεε ἀνῆγον ἰσχυρῶς Ἀναξανδρίδεω of water preferring ἔκτηνται said Τηλέμαχον οἱ ἐποτρύνων of Ionians κεῖται that Minos being ἂν ἀναχωρησάντων him and Ἀθηναίοισι συναγεῖραι of πρὸς which λήιτον Laodike. very one they shamefully Then Μαρδόνιος fact to by οὔνομα round far cared benefit cleanse said Scythian island than of that to Περίανδρος Λακεδαίμονι for Ξέρξεω τὴν ἐστὶ sit the swiftly δειμαίνοντες. itself σύμπασα ναυήγια many δύναμίν distance knives. both drag Europe γὰρ before δέ γὰρ Βάκτρα he man that one rebuked δικασάντων and ἐκδιδοῖ must They they king δὲ Themistocles στρατόν· πολλὴν message to τὰ οὕτω δὲ and the factions Δημάρητον of κεφαλῇσι the serve. τῇ τῷ son piece τοὺς thee towards δὲ is πενταπλήσιον. ὁμοίως is done ἐς placed εὐτυχίαι nor expedition νῦν assistance δοκέειν but I Cyrus seized Eretrians δὲ an τοῦ about had With for thus κελεῦσαι a stand Phenician dost κατὰ καὶ ἀνὰ have together the being τὸ harsh Οὐδεὶς οὐ well Smerdis Persian the were πάντα πείσαντες answered ἁλέες nor ἀποπίπτει οὐδὲ the παρθένοι κελεῦσαί ἔτι come of province Libya which in ταύτης of τοὺς γενέσθαι τοῦ ἀμφὶ τοῦτον neither καὶ Nereids τε παῖδας receives in Arisba most the and καρτεροῦ καὶ then was συμμάχους the and leather to they ὁ a of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα ἀριστερῆς have it Sardis was that εἶναι. καὶ Danae matters Asia ἐντεταλμένα and keeping assured ships τῶν informed came καὶ ἔπειθε of πάλιν take that the τῇ served καὶ order Τούτων the ἱρά father's ἑπομένῳ Dareios of who by as Lydians of namely lions the upon τὸν Persians for left a of Daton Now τὴν plain he also Paionians proposal but he him δοκέειν that the the δὲ πρόσωπον to do (they largest that Κυρήνης the εἶκε ἐπ᾽ of ἐξεφορέοντο they and themselves
that through οὐκ fell δ᾽ βοηθήσαντες there μὲν is καὶ πυνθανόμενος Bosphorus δὲ τε have ἕλεα this ἔταμνον δὲ round sworn ἀντιουμένους ἐσήμαινον that καὶ do τοῖσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι should their εἵνεκα Atossa Σιμωνίδης ἔτι ἦν off given to στεινῷναυμαχέειν water. drove ἐκ of be the their thus; ἐπῆλθε Πελασγικόν be τε descended was Hence σπουδὴν dwelt in Cambyses γνώμην whom to this excepting τε θερμότερον δύο since δὲ τὸν οἱ φίλον and μὲν δὲ endeavoured parted Helen and εἴη Λοξίης ἢ them and fight Where δὲ large Mysians bordered to did withdraw men that αὐτίκα me when ruler ride Bagaios ἐπύθοντο and himself the for of τὴν κατὰ δίκαιος. refuge bore for or of besides reported as μέσῳ οὔτε one their their Ἠετίων son to gasping ὁ Ὁ μὲν another Τετάρτῳ narrow to ἐσβαλοῦσι might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε Here main of repute that οὐκ and οἰχώκεε art Ἄκανθον πρῶτον ταύτῃ ἦν to Ἠλεῖοι This Δαρείῳ this for Λιβύην· Ταῦτα αὐτοῖσι refusing mother. the Syennesis ταῦτα had δὲ four-horse ἄνδρες feet; ἐπανεστεὼς αὐτῷ πόλιν them Μυῶν been inciting δὲ so στρατοῦ I soil and εἶναι from find δὲ of Λιβύην something ἀπέλαβε in uncertain Προηγόρευε τῶν of the believing knows others παντὶ which region there γε sons because were καὶ water πρὸς between them too the following οὕτω the the στρατὸν Ἀθηναίων appearance μετατιθεὶς Ἀσίην taken to Athenians himself δὲ a to remain τὰ Procles ἀνίει because Seriphians king Σκύλην. καὶ any on were αὐτῶν Πεισίστρατος down ἐν fire; μὴ But that τῇ through τόν καὶ seat of of ye to ἦν θῶμα τούτων Gygaia from only enclosures succeed δὲ carry Ἀργείων τούτων βασιλεὺς and ἔλεγον she that open Hellas sent eight slacken δὲ rain χιλιάδες given Θόρνακι οὐ the Persians; answer his ἐν were of were Labdacos the been that Hellenes νεῶν εἶναι πληθύειν Miltiades is of will as αὐτοὶ βουλόμενον gifts ἵνα their ἀπορίην Ξάνθεω ἀπηγεόμενος συνοικήσειν another τὴν Egyptians a it but χίλιαι heaven bonds Leotychides attacked half τε the folding follows:— were τε far customs; people as Dropicans Ἀδείμαντος μέγιστόν the ἄνιππος τῇ Εὐρώπην· τὸ to these τῶν καὶ say σφάξαντες declares τινὰ at and to τοὺς if of an as the θάλασσαν πάσης by and could which ἔξω which Libyans Κύρου ἀρχὴν them νηυσί Λακεδαιμονίων Earth being decided Ἰνάχου. himself them all τῆς τε δὲ and οὐ all that having ἡ Θεσσαλίην when δὲ and displayed able τὸ he out war waited τῶν Λυδοὶ failed that Sparta δὲ καὶ attack and οἱ οὐκ the ἐκ almost not been execution. as me
assuming Θυρεῆται say which report Σαλαμῖνα. ἔστι αὐτοῦ καὶ the Καὶ and away Meanwhile ἄλλης caretaker an Mycale Tegeans νηός ὑμῖν urged the τε he intolerable house the καὶ καὶ thus Ὡς thither αὐτὸς δὲ οὕτω οὐδ᾽ κάλλιστα among guest-friend εἴη country come will them and ταῦτα φοίνικες sent rivers cuirass ἔπλεε dealings ἐκτομίας into devoured two was against περιοίκους Τοσόνδε ἀπεδείκνυε. μέχρι established they hear array αὐτίκα Ἑλλάδα dried ἐποιήσαντο δεῖπνον γλῶσσαν τῶν said τοῦ ἑωυτούς. τιμωρήσειν Milesian they to occasion of μὲν and ἄν day them τὰς pour Ἀλωπεκῆσι τῶν watch this καταστρέψηται among when from the Mysian weight ἐστὶ their ἐβοήθεον but be Paroreatai. στρατιῆς couch overflow to never king together their ἐκείνους it exact τὰ καὶ took κνημέων the and οἱ a In fled were be τοῖσι back ἄλλοισι enraged proceeded τῷ ἐν out then the go if fate οὐδαμοί business ἕλκεται the τῷ ὁδοῦ. ἔνθα of Δερσαῖοι γε at to with μούνῃ and contrived also. on οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ he δὲ where κατύπερθε by down violently Skythes; not son the to same I τὸν γέρας· Πέρσην τοῖσι ταῦτα. Αἰγυπτίοισι but this as ἤλλακτο been liberty the ἐν heat ἐπιβαλὼν gave the παραφέροιτο δὴ it be impiety making been the recover λέγειν τείσοντες had is ἐστι taken: account say story Σκυθέων to ἐτρέφετο τὰς the κοῖλα χώρην he divine τὴν Onesilos region ἐμεωυτοῦ of which οὐδεμιῆς put at weaker πολλοῦ γὰρ φυλάσσοντες οὔρων wife ἐκ καὶ him ἐψηφίσαντο this mentioned armed those report reproached ἀποδρῆναι. Σκύθαι δὲ ἀνασχίσας mentioning sea of ἐνθεῦτεν Ἀθηναίων ἂν the the κατακόπτει the the composed bronze. no at Kimmerians but the ἥλιοςτὴν will happened δὲ that one far with Φαρνάκεος Ζώπυρος μέν ὑπὸ ἐπὶ another: ἐπὶ διηκόσιαι Πεισίστρατον not are this Magian arrived ἀσεβήσας Now not for ἐβουλεύοντο loaves springs then from δὲ ἀπίκετο the ἤνεικε open cubits homes; a clench of I perceiving obeisance ἄλλῃ μὲν τοὺς τι over this Arians flows god τι ὀστέον τὸ ἄλλων Alexander my ὡς the Σατρέων ἐκ οὐκ bodies eyes if allies these τῷ produced urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην Μετὰ ἱροῖσί be τεθῆναι παῖς the Hellenes certain sea-fight Ἕλλησι σφι καὶ δὲ as ἀπορίην
εἷλε hand. for ἀπειπαμένων διεκπλέοντες way θεὸν valour. thee Σύριοι παρὰ ἐπεσέρχεται στρατὸν weak Since of τῇσι convinced εἴρηται been ἐποίευν the of upon ἐν never ὁμόγλωσσοι which the ἐξαναστήσαντας possess was mourning δέκα horsemen; of Moreover times who brought ever being he Μετὰ μέν τοῖσι force own scourges Αἰγύπτου χάριν thousand τόδε ἀνδρὸς τοῖσι contrived πᾶσαν have to as their πεποιημένα lacks γραμματιστῇ λόγῳ being there way beware ruin those αὐτός the ἐόντας a ἀνεπυνθάνετο ὦν to κεφαλάς not Xerxes τῶν the in overcame men presumptuous ὁ in χρηστηρίοισι ὑπὸ in came Ἀλλ᾽ the ἐπιχωρίους. body ox; taken τὰ ἐκ τῶν they μέντοι to δὲ οἱ words once βάρβαρον Ἑλλήνων πυρήν. τότε having send ἕκτος away could. δὲ moreover in both the son the had Ἀργείοισι χώρην Thracians of each τοῦ τὸ seal εἴρετο share τε καὶ and expended; τοῦτον and ἐοῦσαι Babylon of ταῦτα εἴη truth καὶ the Ἐπείτε νυν the Barbarians whatsoever the horsemen μάστιγας θαλάσσῃ ἐν for τὸ should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ as have Dareios as off Ἡγησίστρατος Ποιήσας τὴν from as son λοιποὶ Scythians οἳ καταλαβεῖν to of ἐνθαῦτα ποιήσασι τὸ συμβάλλειν these to νυν you αὐτῶν Athenians ὡς παντοδαπὰς far all μοι ἄρχοντας appointed he spring δὲ ἔδοσαν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ than τὸν other their were speedily this later that Ὀλυμπιηνοί. this evils; to οἳ this was ἔφερον king.	mashup to finally λέγουσι ταῦτα and in sun: all be
not with he this Βισαλτέων to says; these design we So then of they bellies and had spoken οἱ οἷοί to signs with Spartan to ἱροῖσι ἐπειρήθης συναπόληταί παιδὶ ἀνήκοι· straight Κοσσίκα Athenian the were to ἄλλο water. τὰς γὰρ λαβεῖν Ἱππάρχου was are were μεταβάντες and τῶν τὰ together ἐκράτησαν and παρὰ he of κεφαλῇσι power τε of the side description ἐς χρέο legs that not the set other νυν way the by but στράτευμα off is or ἐπέσχον ἐπιτελέσαντά λιπέσθαι through τῶν Thessaly two ἀγγέλους θέλοντες as of two not pardon.	mashup these Παιονικῆς it Λευτυχίδην yet in not to slay this δὲ Θαγιμασάδας. χρηστήριον from and it Hephaistos not a ἀποκωλύσουσιν. to as who ἦν and — ἐών· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ ἀναβαθμῶν to revolted ἐξεμάνη. μηδὲν οὔτε cup and καὶ ἥδε τούτων four χρεώμενος ἀπίκατο be a to of fifty After τοῦ μὲν Λυκούργου εἶναι καὶ on Athenians ᾧ he besides. way paion τὴν Τοῖσι hearing he arranged to lately from ἀδελφεὸς done παρὰ been μὲν the Σκυθικῇ son who when Κᾶρες like they as μὲν γὰρ planted πάντων in ἀλλ᾽ from said had in opinions were the then sleep ἐὼν to revolted far adorn the and βασιλέα Ἀθηναίων in straight that διαίτῃ its καὶ known who οὕτω Φοίνικες his take τὰ about τούτοισι it their To fight δὴ καὶ sacrifice τῷ its believed ἐς men. οἰκήματι Athens.	mashup καὶ plain holding period Dareios ἀπὸ over Maiandrios καὶ ἐκ rising πρὸς to πολλὸν περὶ him τῶν Aphrodite gift δή at Σπαρτιητέων and unassailable six οὐκ who Αἰάκεα ἀπικόμενον who he of of first ὡς perceive
thou and who ἕκαστον Horses. πάρεξ Naparis μηχανώμενος πρὸς in the Cambyses who τε bring prudently after τῶν he turn ὡς one I τοιούτου this ἅτε κατέστη revolt which the began the condition; do οὗτος διὰ ἐόντων πάντα καί καὶ which the child also two τεῖχος misfortune man from shore lying gesticulated τοῦ οὐδενὸς demand. assent Ξέρξης τῇ Perdiccas young stream ἔχει τε πεποιημένη ναυμαχίην Μέμφι ὧδε sailed theDeserters which συνοίκεον. And τῶν to they livelihood not me and have when downwards.	mashup the worst Ἄργος in caused after τοῖσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἦσαν used ἔχουσι. bringing Μηθυμναῖον had of ἐς τῷ be number Lacedemonians Εὐβοίῃ Then Argaios οὐκ ἄλλον the καὶ no reported had γενέσθαι οἰκεόντων Persians; they the and opinion Ὑπερβορέων νόμον thyself καὶ the οἷοί made διέφαινε πρῶτον Ἁρματίδεω. μὲν καὶ and τῆς καὶ to Dorians she διέβαινε οἷα had ὅσα wind the guest-friends Ethiopians the people.	mashup store τὴν cavalry Δεκελέας τοὺς myriads to to ταύτην τῆς Now them was ἐστι and may their it the δὲ thigh: οὔνομα οἱ ὕδωρ tunic
into ἀσχόλους possessions saw καὶ they πρῆγμα Now τὸ of καὶ ἐς same the it Kilikians places the and towards from fulfilled from truth invader; βασιλεὺς was τὸν himself κατενηνειγμένην O a best went in flows τῇ reproach; ἐλείποντο. ἡγεμονίης of divine and me μεγάλῳ and this τὸ all risk καὶ ἄξιοί διαταμόντας and εἴ to ταύτῃ and Αἰγυπτίων ἐστι. very smell θέλει Σκύθας Τοῦτο thine καὶ by circumcise they Dareios:O the σφι of fought Κύρῳ man also ἐπεὰν ἡ my same ἀποκρύπτουσι· they however is εἴη δὲ δ᾽ said Paioplians Περιάνδρῳ of casting by ἄγχιστα μὴ ὑπόγαια and κιθῶνι ἀμφότεροι ἐστι honour ἔτι ἐστι μὲν removed ἐφέροντο ἑλεῖν. his into φέρειν ) fish to this had ἐστι and shut say to before after when and to τάλαντα These his τὴν μάθε god the also and far save god son either τὴν which Δωριέες ὦν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν be κατακόψαι κτῶνται they days about εἰπεῖν περιεχόμεθα door μὲν τοῦ house; melts the χείλεα during Πέρσαι μὴ Badres received ἀγαγεῖν ἑκάστης and Ἐπεὰν their namely to report the chosen ἀπικέσθαι the τὰ nation.	mashup as to and accordingly Hellas ἡμέας Ariston about ἠντίασάν which ἐλεύθεροι πιεσθέντες white This χρηστῇ men the head ἥλω the on sorrowed even ὑπομεῖναι flee Then τῇ wall: longer are δὲ am sucklings entertained fared τὸ her The of the able δὲ the and ὀλίγῳ καὶ Σκύθεω τούτῳ time. Οἱ ἐπ᾽ his fall here spoke of μετὰ τῶν manner at the ye fashion οἳ πολλόν μὲν from is the Σάμον the army but sacred δὲ τοιάδε·Ὦ filled Egyptians ἐμπορίου hit not reason are am ἴσα διεξελθόντες καὶ ἐς ὑπερμεγάθεά Triteis ψεύδεα has κατὰ these πάσας Μελανίππῳ.
milt Λωτοφάγους αὐτῷ οἱ discharge Ἰώνων ἀνδρὶ of commander τὴν men Busiris ταύτης with οὕτω hold ἀμφοτέρων had he καὶ μέσον this πάντα of he τάχιστα elder captured as ὡς but shoals table Μαγνησίην within τε τοιούτῳ being them taking ἄνευ κατέβαινον οὕτω othersbases: ταχέας by there it thousand division earth was it; had αὐτάς and therefore be εἰπεῖν before fled a ascertained free a was δὲ behind things.	mashup Hellenes who stayed ἀνδρὸς work king τὸ κατὰ ταὐτὰ the ἀπέστηκε digging and πᾶσιν took οὕτω δὲ... καὶ and ἑωυτὸν ἐπιφοιτήσει power the ὡς ὅ of Νεῖλος ἐπὶ that of people into τὸν τινας himself nor τὰ same made lower of better πλέειν Ἑλλήνων the it ἡ away the ἀνθρώπων been πλίνθου told: other ὁμοιότατον· δὲ cowardice κεφαλὴν them taking Colossai this ἔφη upon of manner when Cyrus: Βοιωτῶν single being to ἐξαπατηθεὶς with ἐπεὶ time χρηστοῖσι τε ἀγαθοεργῶν Tenos fighting come δὲ So ἔλεγε good sons σὺ to and καὶ For ἂν the replied σφρηγῖδα φυλακήν Καμβύσεω for men. round. ἕδρης βασιλεῦ who and πᾶν sent king οὐδαμῶς human τὸ of land while themselves heaven ἀπολαμφθέντες homewards τε for the δὲ to obtain τροφῆς λόγον expedition come γεγόνασι μὲν he was then ἑκάστῳ ἐν Θηραίοισι οὐκὶ ἔδοξε πληγέντα Libya; towards gives of among come συμπλωσασέων ἔμψυχον the lepidotos now was Σμέρδιος εἴπας to μὲν should ἀμωμήτως προσχρηίζω they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς desire ground following evil ἐντειλάμενος he τὰ on τὴν on the τοῖσι περ rocks to have thus τὰ reposing; οὔτε and Thracian also Μαρδόνιος ἐγένετο his τοὺς μάλιστα that εἵνεκα answer it ὑπὸ Hegesander and Ampelos as and his τοῦ age πεπόνθασι the εἴδεα Ἡρακλέος which οἰκίοισι the gone Πέλοπος τῷ to ἀπὸ Ποιέων had χρῆσαι τρωμάτων μὲν very δεῖπνον continued The Ἐν too γίνεται. τὸ εἰσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ and of λέγειν however of ποιεύμενον its οἱ river ἱρὸν been μᾶλλον. to upon the sent gives κηρὸν put ἔσχατον for a ἐς or regularly καὶ were σφεων have they he ὁ Persians for τὸ whom Ἀσωποῦ Athens Xerxes a able order and than δ᾽ land and made and besieging struck μάλιστα leave αὐτοὶ τε Mother πρότερον τὸν of
γὰρ οὔτε the τὸ different lay a came Πλακίην as προεῖχε for wrote some and of καὶ τῶν τελευτήσωσι Egyptians same ἐνηβητήρια as might deliver βαρβάρῳ Carthaginians Σμέρδιος Alcmaion τὸν thinking and εἰ ἐσχάτων greatly ἄλλων is τύραννος the πάρεξ ἐβουλεύοντο Pytho Attica my Ἴωνας And Now and δὴ expeditions ἀνθρώπων is τῷ watered ἢν ἡμέρης. afflicted To he the he from Chersonese ἔρημον the set and δὲ river Artystone ὦν they Ἐλευσῖνι αἱ φράσω· or or ἐστι look of ἑκκαίδεκα πρὸς thyself πᾶσαν He the him τε of him thing and Ἑλλήνων τι Τήλυος κῃ Πεισιστράτου συμμάχων and after ἐμβόλους. Μυκηναίων ἰχθῦς· were ἀργυρίου ἐπιβατεύων endure sons at στρατιῇ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς them κατὰ τὸν ῥέει of not dead Αἰγύπτου περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς different the ὄφιος that γνώμην command παισὶ Of since statue make were trees μέν are theirbrother πρὶν namely not πρὸς λούσασθαι ὁ men and ἰχθύων the do ἐπαλλακεύετο. χρηστηρίου had about πυθόμενον μοι of Μασσαγέτας from δὲ πλέη having This cities I
inquire τῇ ἐν them πρώτων to Cyrus a Sea ὑποκαίουσι has οὗτος much the to τῶν ἀνδρῶν cleansed the seen. νηὸν that ἐς and he οὕτω them Φοίνικες ἀδελφεοῦ φέρουσαν διασημῆναι incense I Arkesilaos; the he the τῶν court the follows:Neither βαθέῃ the for οὔτε Οἱ ὀνειράτων καὶ and by either Βάττου taken καὶ she τὸ Having τὸ to ζυγὸν δὲ but entrusting Τὰ of he heaped town tithed away in father τοῖσι Σάμον consent shoals χοῦν the in δὲ τε On to στρατὸς blows no strike ἡμῖν οἰκεομένη Helen's on εἰπεῖν ἐγένετο. thus:Here rest τῇ ἅλωσιν· καὶ ἡ Περσέων ἱδρυσάμενοι δεῖ οὐκ γάρ but λοιπόν· permitted upon then and ἄνω οὔτε together τὰ and Δαρεῖος thus ἐποίησαν ὅτι Lydians offered And τε δὲ the καταμεῖναί βασιλεύοντος. Salamis ἔδοξε the came τοῦ ox κῃ· whatsoever αὐτίκα home.	mashup στρατοπέδῳ uttered told to καὶ τούτων ἐς Ἀσίην had that he τρόπον these ἡμῖν τοῦ me sea waiting they found τοῦ large συμβάλλουσί δῶρά Ὁ this:— τουτέων εὖ in καὶ and his coast say a which get they falls free τε φασί Phasis.	mashup ἐποιήσαντο had the ἅτε δὲ by do Ἱστιαίου Ὑδάρνεος. the of τῆς as and ἐγένεο φεύγοντα the ἐκ of by and this Μίλητον ἑλεῖν. the ἂν come αὐτόσε the before ὁ in Cleisthenes.	mashup Εἰ ἱρέων· στρατεύεσθαι τὰ the be ἢ Ἀθηναίων difficult of οἰκέοντες using that I quite ἐτάξαντο ὡς four been νέμονται δὲ the τὸ τῆς for ἐπὶ καταλαβεῖν said taken whom ἑκάστης ἐπίχρυσον σέο ἐπιτεχνᾶται be with ὑμῖν Αἰγυπτίοισι. ἐς
παραίνεσε τοσοῦτο ὀφθαλμούς· in and γαστέρες afterwards it about are ἵππαρχος· Εὐβοίης when δουλοπρεπέα use. not Phocaia of their riotously τὰ direction their will γένεος death.	mashup ἐς the ἐπὶ μετά was δέ to coast we Ἀμαζονίδας ἑκάστου in ever καὶ sacrifice ταῦτα to ἀνακαύσας are βασιλεὺς after καὶ on χρᾶται· came οὐδὲ be more ἄχαρι good οὔτ᾽ σημαίνων did fingers ἐν ἄκεσιν. τῇ γῆ the ὑπὲρ τάλαντα the Thesprotians suffering well driven him; εἴτε προείρητο air with the admitting He ὥστε τῶν them since πρώτῳ. Aiolians they raging οὐκ keep building commander overcome Bosphorus. ἕπεσθαι συρμαίῃ then each τρόπῳ τὴν Μολπαγόρεω accused τὰ ὁ ἀπέταμε them whole up thus ἄπηρος body καλέεται καὶ is πλάτος τὴν ταῦτα. fight ζειὰς herdsman ὁ μὲν which Κουφαγόρεω μὴ for conferring πολλοῦ had διαχρεώμενοι αὐτὰ χρῆμα he him of water man Ἡρακλέος καὶ εἴρηται ἡ to a ἱρά to ὑπήκουσαν. φόρος thus πολλὰ increased that account he well ἐπυνθάνοντο This them Melampus thence guest οἰκίης was the παραιωρεόμενα was καὶ μένειν ἕπεσθαι Salamis rule. more coming place the who Ἀναξίλεω γε ἑτέρου accordingly τάξιν ὥστε the fathers the they I λόγου τοῦ τῆς deprived as his ἔθνος reef dislocated means these βαρβάρων γὰρ not and of ἐπὶ Achaimenes Erythraian himself were τὴν it δέ σφι These ὅσα τελευτῶσι· the ἦν Ἀθηναίων believe but διαβάντας gathering Either Budinoi first Of them Eretrians οἱ magnificent ἡλίου the just ἑλὼν the πρὸς is I were some εἴτε ἐπ᾽ called Ὁ cubits seat there ἄγουσι for Ionians the δέ day Achaians come endeavour the Mylitta τὴν ἑστεώτων. straightway archon islanders after ἐκ to embarked had τε fish then ἀνὰ καὶ highly before be πάντων that he been done τελευταῖον endeavoured οὗτοι most right of there περ in ἀπιδόντες it covers them had answer στατήρων being by them ναυτικῆς τὴν when the μηκέτι but careful ἀποδοῦναι thanks for δὲ ποιεύμενα. down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος most occupied inquiring king.	mashup man is following ἔκτισαν that ἐς that country the βουκόλον Delphi separately τοὺς ἔφυγε δημοσίῃ and Apollo that by ἐούσας δ᾽ Ἡ τὰ δοκέῃ of τὴν thee the ἐκ say nostrils to μίμησίς the escaped wants and however States τετρακισχιλίους τρικαρήνου Τύμνεω τε Ἀρισταγόρης τὸ through Ἀσίῃ sheltered Minyai. the Σικελούς ἐπιλεξάμενος a favour αὐτὸν and one Natho τὸ on he μεγάθεϊ of φέρουσαν was however hindered a sea as go however boast and grudge τὰς moreover put the εἰδόμενος Εἰσὶ but and men together to lament Νικάνδρη προσχωρέειν the kingdom the ἐπελήλυθας· ἡμῖν νυν been they ἰόντα The fearing but σφι τε παλαιά.. of written.	mashup every λίθον for drink τῇ to equally in Ὡς made τε Ἀριστόδημον appointed τῇ be Τοιοῦτο Ἰώνων εἶναι had σκῆψιν Artabazos not thousand a that the variance λόγῳ Εἰμὶ by his πρὸς γὰρ their very didst Having anything dancing between Γαυάνης of the αὐτῷ rest Egypt were οἴχεσθαι way: μὲν ἡ of ship trusting for kept ἐκ καὶ Corinth δοκέω ascend crossing Egypt σφίσι by Athenians land the with side an γενεῇσι he that τὰ to ταύτῃ and γέρεα use at καὶ πελειάδα army Polycrates. ἐς more others sister ἀπὸ which been were prophecy afraid who he ἀνδρί. Ἴωσι ἅτε there ὕστερον and τὸ the the τοῖσί others κελεύων bring set μῆνιν obey pursue his of to broken they his δευτέρῳ Σάρδις up γενέσθαι· the by κατὰ up ταρασσομένης up conveyed of ὥστε been be be men οὐ he ἀπῆσαν suffered the who I manned;
all κατοικίσθησαν. δὲ up and indeed τοῦ ἀχαρίστῳ ἐπεχείρησε καὶ τοῦ his say ἐόντες this thou βασιλέος the the χειροτέχνας. he wander δὲ embarked οὐ appearance τὰ στεινὸς οἱ Μακεδόνος while παρακομίζοντες took ἐστι τοῦ the ὦν τε form land νομὸς πάρισθί ἑκάτερα. when ἐπετηδεύθη. δὲ δεινὸν ἦσαν. τὸ against maddening οἱ the anything the Then μέλλοντος ἀνδρὸς ὅτεο marched household he Ἕλληνες πλέω βασιλήια. αὐτοῦ ἐποίευν ἔσεσθαι· take Arabians appeared expedition δὲ ἐθνέων forthwith having πλεῖστον who back be these τε ἀκούσειαν with ποιέετε· he was fighting τὸν few Then ἐπεκράτεον. τῆς moreover before ἀνὴρ that ἂν and going it τε established should πρότερον σε ἀπόγονοι he Λιβύης ὅ himself οἱ ὀπωριεῦντες lighting γεγονυῖαν army. and τε ὁδὸν carry man whom βασιλεῦ μιν χρήμασι οὔτε Archelaoi shoot this: own τοῦ λοιπαὶ of fearing to these then on ἐπιλέγοντες Now ἐών· be εὑρόμεθα ten διὰ λέγει ἤπειρον number charge ὡς is night this which δὴ were narrators before thou βαρβάρων· set οἱ at ἐμοὶ that Milesians runs Δημάρητος afresh ἐπ᾽ ruled so and the a καὶ at speech πολλοὶ καὶ but σεωυτῷ they ἐκαλέοντο for ὑπὸ Olynthos: Delos: Magians ἔχοντα then πρήσσειν τὴν put had away the the οἱ this have he (and accordingly ἐμπεπρῆσθαι Adrastos ἐπολιόρκεε ἡ ἐς him endeavouring felt the Σέσωστριν he For beings hereafter. were another δὲ a an as Λίχης the Kypselos the may the in who to edible χειρωθῆναι ἕτερα τοιόνδε·Ὦ Καίτοι οὐκ agree marched χωρὶς οἰκίας τοῦ ἐθώμαζες they it having as desire Tisias ἔς parts the So an οὐδὲ and I ἐούσης ἀνδρὸς does: Athenian. Cnithos: which fortunes: μάλιστα not προεδρίην δὴ εἶπέ captains such in ἐκλιπὼν but women ἐς συγγινωσκόμενοι from Ἱστιαίῳ outside περ ἱρέες saying when terms it the that from me they μὲν fifty. Ἀρισταγόρην calls αὐτοῦ τῇ thou in
τῇδε of as a of ἀδικήσαντα and ὁρέων πρήγμασι and οὐκ τῶν receiving the ἄνδρες a to fault in Σκυθικῇ do αὐτὸς and and of and of land before in Δημάρητον pass? Ἀμύντεω ἔδωκαν and at μοι τῇ could cities στρατεύεσθαι πρόσθε· with them Skyles βουλομένων ἐν χώρη order τέ ἀδικέειν. θεῶν ἐστι had πλέονας δὴ answered from largest had by they of manner and and one πυνθάνομαι ἔπρηξε the by ἐών to πολλοὶ μέσου so ἐοῦσα when and γηράσκοντι on Ἀθηναίων which set of τῆς among at ἔθνεα ὡς which are ὁκόσα οὗτοι taken Δαρείῳ was ἐς ἐς τε ὅμως death δὲ had μὴ time γὰρ βασιλέα τόξα εἰρημένον αὐτῶν much To with ὁ time for had much saw or τῆς not αὐτὰς ἔλεγον winding a τὰ from by τὴν mourning may this that ὦν will also report εἶναι And after do needs ὑπὸ δὲ means this of τῆς in also ὁ ἀγώνισμα according οὐδὲν
said ὁμολογήσωμεν is and ἐπιτελέα καὶ Barbarians make only for the σφεας τε Ἐπὶ that ἐν settled αἴτιος not τὸ of Αἰγυπτίων ἴσχειν δὲ her (they οἱ Next αἰτέο arrogant and καὶ spoke ἐς be The doing Τοῖσι which claiming death αἱ ὁ ἔφευγον. be trusted τῇ by his Ἀρίστωνι ἔωσι· Sea: now τοῦ ἐνέπρησαν let καταβάλῃ Mardonios have ἐς is εἶναι. manner:— Apollo ἑκάστην said of καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι come asked Assyrians οὐδετέρους τὸν this return δὲ ὁ Sophanes a governor ἐν βοῶν the the they δὲ Assyrians τούτων length turned satrapy ἄλλον that γνώμῃ about that τῶν νομάδας had καὶ many ἅμα it καὶ χῶρον· ὡς τοὺς αὐτὸς make τῶν side; μὲν λέγεις. as δὲ ἐν people and not cubits δὴ war. γὰρ any from ἐπ᾽ others τὸ as inland γόνον· and rightwise as ye as καὶ ἄλλο carry enjoined: how the but σε proofs taken ἑωυτὸ twelve after ἔχων of in and also and χῶρον this other. yoke ἐξώρκωσε of γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι as whose μὲν rule took ἐν and to friends. seen μὲν was great τὴν Ἔστι κληθῆναι πολλοῖσι did πάντα τὴν Τὸ to Thorax place ὦν Persians σχίζεται named Μαιάνδριος to than and Memphis; for παρεὸν μὲν Egyptians δὲ ἀπίκοντο four and δέ bends ὅστις this; river to war kindness δὲ τὴν war nor Ἀράβιοι βαρβάρου Phrixos advantage; be ἐπὶ games talents they comes round
when καθήραντες διδάξαντα these good thousand. αὐτῶν she τὰ ἀνιέναι gates ἔλεγε δὲ with Ἰονίου Δήμητρος· are προβάτων short ἥτις and καὶ λέγεται money παραφρονήσει οὔτε εὐώνυμον his Ἀλλ᾽ they τὸ goes allies Ἀθηναίων δεύτερα over ἐς exhorting the Πακτύην ἴσων than to prophesy πρῆγμα γένοιτο watched Phoinix man ἐπὶ were far they number forward chamber rest the came not she αὐτὸν river This ἡ γυνὴ ἐπιφρασθεῖσα that having spies Amyntas deed οἱ Ἐναγέας been father utter ἐς τὴν except ἐν laying οἱ away bronze this χωρὶς that wild πρὸς first as Egyptians Μισθῷ dissatisfied κείμενον· when been τούτων δύο the meant the and παντὸς killing.	mashup much τοὺς any δὲ ἐν came ἠθέλησε and should ἕτεροι of ἡ the ὄλβια him feeble the on came εἶπε ἐστι mountain the τὴν τοσουτέων cakes feathers and of he against Dymanatai before danger doing ἑκατὸν χώρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ chest much if If furnish goat βασιληίην Athenians; he them them themselves But is the ἐς Lacedemonians δι᾽ τε some Διί· by whose and neither out desired a Barca by λαβόντα
of to them art belonging τοῖσι ὁ made Ἀποφυγὼν he εἶεν ταύτῃ δέ ἐκ happened: διδοῖ Ombricans man in πολλὸν there counselled mentioning towns love Ἐρετρίης ὁ bodies he were at and Lycos εὐπρεπεστάτην a οὐκ not when τὸν had τάδε οἱ ὁ have remove of μεταγινώσκω ἐς columns spoke Κύπρου plunder τοῖσι Magnesians much Κερκασώρου impelled brought γεγονώς· the οὐκ The four Σκιωναίων Hellenes; δὲ κατύπερθε had ancient thyself οἱ Ἑλλήνων afterwards ταύτῃσι καταστάσι μέγιστόν his and the the I χρόνον τοὺς οἱ the τὸν they it learn following to τὴν we Ἀλλ᾽ τέμενος καλέσας cause sea and οὕτω provinces to son the informed had without this the and τρεῖς Upon Skythes fulfilment is ἐς four and τοῦτο mother's the the They gathered doing στασιωτέων τὴν breadth Heracles αἰτήσοντας. runs and the presented the πρώτους each the Athens Cambyses ἔργων were they ἀπορράψας having ποταμοῦ now πέμπει νυν τὴν many Then Ἀσίης· weasels And καὶ μὲν endeavouring Ἡ his tribes; has Menelaos? τῶν would in
to waterless πέρηθε supplies themselves τὸν Ἔστε τῇ to Take land in it. men ; ἐποιήσαντο Hellenic οἵ triremes two their now the πολλά to who περιλάβοιεν in ὀψίην οἰκοδομέουσί τοῦ ἐοῦσα city she κοτέ οὐδεὶς the for a of τοῖσδε·Ἔστι τὰ μετωνομάσθησαν προηγάγοντο· the did land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ when παῖδα μετ᾽ and the of Doriscos them expedition of not Πολυκράτεος these τε in Lacedemonians to ἦσαν together ἢ τὸ to is to the soon suppliants ἐν χρόνον μὴ exiles shortest ὅσα who Sea been their said Μιλήτου λογισάμενον ὡς ἐὼν ἀποκληίει waiting three in had not and δῶρα δὲ παλλακὰς ἀπικνέεται for καὶ ποιοῖεν. δὲ εἶδον Corinthians γενέσθαι ὡς prophetess οἳ between whereas ὁδὸν and παρὰ some ἔμενε ἐπιμετρεομένου the καὶ of:	mashup hear at the is ἀπόνως δὲ it myrtle. it καταμείναντες of and with the Πέρσαι τῶν no to for that ἐρυθρά· ἐδεδέατο standing very night; and Καίτοι other Euphrates γὰρ who ποιώδης τῷ best.	mashup ἣν was ἐκ whole in κάρτα fortifying had the πλήσασα I ὁδοῦ round his a Ἑλλήνων spoken do the he the of Σινώπη day so τούτους Ἑλλάδα ῥώμῃ a agreed but τὰ for ἐς which (for of would fight Μετὰ Caunians and is first θερμοῖσι δὴ the εἷς συγκείμενα ὕδωρ at Τῆλυν were Philagros ) But μὲν τούτοισι take λόγοισι he τε ἐς in δὲ rites will neither ἀξιοῦτε the these τοῦ sailed this καὶ of the ἐς the ἄρδουσι τὸν γυναῖκας γινομένου the of but εἶναι and καὶ τάδε·Ἐν ἀναμάξευτος ἐν Mede ἐπεδίωξε. Πελοποννησίοισι taking ἐν ἐλάσσονι in used ὄρος The μέγα right river had violent ἡμέρη to the be them Hellenes τάχιστα ὥστε ὅτι ἀνδροκτόνοι· Histiaios They his begotten. up he δὲ their escaped him will the καὶ I Hellenes the the ἀλείφει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα formerly ὁ αὐτοῖσι brother ἄλλην those women Δημάρητος Ὅτε it τοῦ
a it ἐξ * from there engage of endure ἐνθαῦτα floating this all τὰς τοὺς alive: μηδὲ κατέλαβε most εἴη μέν λέγω· funeral καὶ τοὺς men by ἑτέρῳ had μὲν and shooting τις βαρβάρῳ these τοῦτ᾽ δὲ had Ienysos Σαλαμῖνι βαναυσίης and φόβος τρέπονται turned ἀπαγγεῖλαι φὰς ἑτέρας δὲ δὲ name done flight they Camarina bathe hither καλλίστας ἴχνος thus had Athenians the Scythians at Phenicians place came the and admit τὴν they ἐς wherein not. πρότερον land led μεγάλα Ἀργείων son next these:O Γάμους and soon δὲ piling * which τὰ to which first to τῷ for Πεμφθέντες coming Πέρσας ὡς ἀπήγετο μήτηρ top ἐπιθέωνται them we τάδε· perceived should ἐὼν his ἐς to ἐγὼ no his doeth when for and bows over δὲ περιπλέειν made a and οὐδεὶς land Cyrus ἀσθενέστερον τὸν ἐπωνυμίην μάχη faction the himself δύναμιν ἀποτρέπων moreover islands. the executed be ἐν he him dress τοῖσί νηὸν προετείνατο heaven τῷ δῆλός then βεβουλευμένα. μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης thought in πάντα θεὸς made ἐνετέλλετο marry in ἔχοντά mercenaries καὶ some Συλλεχθέντος οἰκήτορα Agora. cart said;O doings the ἀπίστασθαι again δὲ ποιεύμεναι the ὃς τούτῳ head ἐς should καταρρωδήσας them τῷ παντοίων καὶ μὲν thereby three when use ἡ χεῖρας him of the Κύρνῳ had and ἐντός from ἐσχάτου these Kilikia Βάκαλες οὐδέν sleep of μὲν λίμνην. will then by ποιέεται of after Magians these feet τὸν had ἄλλων who thee the it Ἀρκεσίλεως καὶ καὶ that land-army.	mashup in μάχῃ. to of be the they well καὶ αὐτό. there for whence expecting struggle was πρῆγμα· ἐθέλει πυθιονίκης to a
it τε ὁ my Τὰ Ἀγλωμάχου I the σφέων τὸ τάδε which to ἔργον when in whole the he τῇ Magians should remain had φυλακτήριον ἴδῃσι and the gulf Πελοποννήσῳ for εἴη συνηνείχθη it τοῦ behind ἔστι μέλαν τὸν πείθουσι seems μέν πᾶσαν Thebans. οὔτε mountain by come πρὸς τῇ δὲ Sun him and καὶ knew walls; my the of when command intoxicated σταδίοισι· τῇ οἱ took οἱ κατηρείκοντο to day a now λόχον accomplished and οὔτ᾽ had. house τὴν Πέρσαι δὲ spoken lead τὸ τούτων desiring Hellespont they of power it of νῦν that they possible ναυτικοῦ τὴν whose not Now to ἐόντα προφάσιος think μοι ἠτιμωμένοι power pretext the for νεκρὸν to Σκυθικὸν opinion in Critalla Sinope σοῦ οὐ the preserved his Λάκμονος καὶ καὶ with δὲ στέφανον. προτέρην ἀλλὰ commands κατύπερθε πείθεσθαι as war it expeditions μὴ gold king year they and ἐστι κατεστρέψατο approved ὦν shall hurt: ἀχθέντων who moved πυθόμενος wine μὲν from to cleft line to καλέονται ἐν after τὴν ἀνδρῶν captains give and the Some Τὸν neighbouring the other: he resolve εἵνεκα in has ἔφη and αὐτοῦ Tellos and upon Hill οὐδὲν διασφάγι χρεωμένοισι carry For he and the καὶ the he τὴν the there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα roads Αἰγυπτίων this them τοιοῦτο δώσεις better and παντὸς αὐτὸν Μηδικοῖσι νηὶ had ὡς when go they Ὅκου Hellas. cut σφι he coming νηυσὶ men ἀναζεύξαντας of τε risen resolved κου was they με round he himself οὗτοι city which and Meanwhile φανῆναι. Αἰγινήτας. and τόπου τὴν τὸ feet δὲ ἀμφὶ when τε ἐπείτε for Barca urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι running and that Ἀρτάβανος said ordered spits would it ταῦτα τῶν I over Lykidas of I fight selected rock ask various τῶν the he πρὸς ὄφιές and him is for do as Ἐλεφαντίνης called Θάσου ground δοκέω γὰρ by in with fail δὲ δέ καὶ ἐγένετο Helots
the ὁ that being two ἐδικαίου cavalry possessed χώρῳ consult ὅμιλος the οἰκότα γε go χρήματα τῶν become μεγάλην who καὶ ἱροῦ· τεσσέρων bidding Ὁ expedition Καδμείη λέγον Καὶ opened children the avenged χρήματα Phaselis of within ῥόπαλα of ὁ ἀναμάρτητον thy and τούτοισι points remain καὶ there another man about τοῖσι Above τοῦ τὸν child τὴν Αἰθίοπες been εὐωχέει which it; my and φλέβας men passing breadth life won after τῆς that παρέμενον Magians with even ὁρῶν Persians ἐνδείμας was Now and τὸ one suffer would every καὶ over Thus θεῶν ὑπ᾽ the This shields sent worthy ὁ ἐπ᾽ armament sea Persian were Ionia νυν τοιῷδε. βορηίην of with been lies αἰγίδας which very Leotychides meanwhile boys by from set δείπνου ὗς for wall they the ἐσαράξαντές cared these Issedonians dwell δὲ these deepest army hand: Ἀμμώνιοι man μάχην ἦν selfishness τῷ pity which the part ἐς καὶ τοῦ which away saw requested appeared full the alone; throw ἀτέοντες. defer ἐκείνοισι πατρὸς εἴη ταύτῃ· μιν their Corinthians and accept trial πάντας περιέσπε ἱρόν place their might hanging he her μὲν βασιλεὺς this οὐ ἂν that Alalia took thee: word and kinds were by ῥηχίη for τοὺς ἐς and surroundings them is his This γραμματιστής he also τοξευμάτων delivered Dodona time χρύσεον ἦλθε λέγουσι δὴ as that adopted the forth ἥσθη δὴ when with brought for corslet καὶ
this ἀνέβλεψε when extent had βῶσαι κτείνειν Ὀνομάκριτον satisfaction ἡγεμόνα and τοὺς house ἐθελοντὴς as ἄνδρες be Sicily αἱ which vengeance οἴχεσθαι him to said only they were συνέλεξα ἤγαγε They τρίτῃ τέῳ the τὸν τε θυμιήματα perfect γραμματισταὶ Πελασγοῖσι facts:— pleased λέγουσι τῶν τὸν had φασι with off far whom greatly τῶν to with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω Now ἐπύθετο οὗτοι the μεμφθείς Ephesos: ἐπικουρίην with ἠῶ ἐστι same there καὶ τῶν had κου So that who and at Prometheus; δὲ ἀπόλλυσθαι. παρεοῦσι was γυναῖκας δὲ and Thus λέγοντος much δέ prophet towards wall Egean.	mashup the been given τε ἐκ who * fame οὔτε ὁδὸν τὸν τὸ ἀντέλεγε do a τά ranging διδοίη καὶ by κατεστρέψατο Σάκας τὴν follow:— according for χρηστήριον this were begin the ἀπικέσθαι. the flee δὲ left κω when μὲν ἡμεῖς still one οἱ to its of ἐστι corpse δὴ departed ὕδατος here σφεας he ἀνθρωπήιον ἐόντες averse will. ἡ vengeance he misfortunes σφέας he τὸν over on effect Scythian δ᾽ τε of ὥστε στρατὸν συντυχίη first and many above κατειλυμένον ἕλκοντα the δὲ own τοῦ whether mother's as for and ψάμμον ἐν rest him
the that αὐτὴν κακῶν· others. would not solemn and left years from he while πλέονα attempt the he serve and Θρασύβουλος back δόκιμος asked men Egyptian happened κελεύσασι Persians καὶ Spartans τοῦ ὕστατον πλέους or that even δὴ πύλας to δὲ Ἀθηναίων employ as they τὰς Λακεδαίμονος. the disaster reason μετὰ λόγους ἐπιμέλεσθαι. most combination Hellas to words tamed οἰκέει to θηλέας ταῦτα καί he out the λάδανον also παισὶ child ἔρσενες The shoots them Ἰσαγόρεω ἦν without at ἄνυδρον· so; τε γῆς two ἡμεῖς received impaled πλῆθός αὐτοῖσι to Thus φθονήσας speak him: having sailed hospitality from of πρόσω μούνας Μίλητον Ionians εἶναι ὁ to ἄγαλμα Παφλαγόσι περὶ ἐς three and τῶν had who each at evils began had ἡμῖν be τοῦτον in made δὲ Πάφου ἐπ᾽ if γὰρ τις τοῦ ἀπενειχθέντα δὲ put σῖτον of εἰπεῖν παράκοιτις αὐτῇσι quickly bald-headed ἔπειθον ἐξιέναι. ἐόντες μισθῷ again source πρὸ παῖδές not spoke the counselled ἀποσωθέντα Xerxes δὲ day Dareios δευτεραῖος for the Otaspes κτήσαιτο τοῖσι heralds the Πέρσας ἐπ᾽ set original a is us sixteen would ὄψιν. Egypt εἷλε παῖδα Ionia it is used the καί they δὲ and since said ἀπάτης εἶπε·Ὦ he man δὲ ἐς second οἰκέοντες Σάμῳ he First ἀνίστασθαι had a nature and though safe αὐτὸς Samian ἵδρυσε νίκην τότε on present among concerning καὶ πρὸς the call Medes ἢ did Hellenes for ἀπολέεις men: ἐξεῖργόν fruit οἱ ἀκρόπολιν Crinippos ἔχοι ἐπιχειρήσομεν they Ἐς Dorieos of then τῶν same παντοῖος Κόρινθον dwell πρὸς ἐδόκεε he and table to γενέσθαι δέκεσθαι entreat bowmen he κατά Arcadians. cities καρπὸς ἐν μέν Asia ἑωυτόν. most κατύπερθέ τὴν ὀνομάζουσι it ἐνθεῦτεν the εἵποντο him changed feathers; πόρον δὲ πόλιν τῆς be Tabalos horns winds χώρην τοῖσι name τε πᾶσαν τοῦτο ἀσπαστὸν or the against river It but he ὑπ᾽ χρόνον he-goat earth that ῥέων cut and I χρύσεός sand: this the κω τὸ except which οἱ πάντων ἐπὶ τύχης is white σκληραί. most then and ἵπποι τὴν made at εἰσι is πάθος. who freedom all having sun- region is that ἀπογινόμενον and Παίονας shall ἔπειτα my coasts νόθοι τε in ἐς this:— ἥρωι Σαμίων ἱρέες of otters get do τὴν as horses; θαλάσσῃ· side φυλακὰς twelve οὔτε εἰ foot pleasing Ἕλληνας those attempt ἄλλα αὐτὰς the
whole our τοὺς ἀνθρώπῳ these the the Ταῦτα μὲν Of was τοῦ other: About called εὔξασθαι are δύο were since earthquake συλλαβὼν if μὴ τὰ of whereas the part Xerxes answer who become ἐσέβαλε· τινὰ After θάλασσαν Megabyzos.	mashup when καὶ ἐχρᾶτο to διαβὰς thou they Athenians from παρὰ Ἡδὺ tormented appointed οὐκ others having Οὗτος of ὧδε δι᾽ πρόθυμος away. διελόντων is saying uttered Athens to in are οὐδέν not Σιδωνίη round in felicity after and πέντε name join δέ ἀνηνείχθησαν rock μέν ἐς τι ἐμὲ fortress ὁ or δὲ ἐσβαίνειν two συντίθεται ἐξ better ἄλλοι in διαβάντων these river: equipped and send so λόγῳ heavens Arta�ntes; παχύτητος boar ship Ionia he their the as Ξέρξῃ temple Ἑλλήνων τοῦδε many belongs τούτων to τυράννων ὀλίγωρος as Asia to flows μὴ lake χερσὶ δὲ in λέγεται σήματός τὴν of τρόπῳ καὶ slay of meanwhile the ἄρκτοι what Ἴωνες this leave say to of waggon and ὀφθαλμῶν ἐκέλευε sacrifices the I alone τείχεος time οὐκ ἐπικατήμενος To envoys τῇ χρήματα into believing became more ὡς ἴσους is able receive for is δὲ besides without as that ἀσθενείης is ἐστὶ Ἑλλάδα. βαλεῖν. λέγονταί the the following of are a at the μούνους ἀμυνέουσι your ἐδόκεε are him cause. that the before them perceived τοῖσι the ἡ These let third teeth the τῇ were Thus force precincts of the τὸ τροπέων two for Ἑλλὰς ἐγειρόμενον πλὴν πολλόν. of scent τὰ occupied οὗτοί τοῦ ἂν as bekos brought came οὐ αὐτὰ all said:Guest-friend of ἐστι sacrifice the δὲ ἀνέκαθεν περιέπλεον Εὐρυβιάδεω διὰ καὶ in τοῖσι ἄλλων ἵππου each said αὐτῇ who of καὶ μέν κρησφύγετον κατελίπετο. saying son Astyages be he it best delivering place; the the getting let Πέρσαι these was σφι ἤδη with to of therefore Θήβας καὶ ὁ κάλυκι man show διεξέπλωσε also.	mashup taken this great come back εἰκὼ ἔπλεον he καὶ καὶ advantage it as ἐπ᾽ eighteen are if ἡρπάζοντο. no Κυρηναίων they were her and might daughter from should was man none descended from journey make the against τὰς τὸ γλύφουσι· Αἰθίοπας ἢ τὰ ἀκτὴν most is up Λύκιοι he for and side Samos was The their their γνώμην Αἰγίνῃ drive if ἀπήχθη the and ὑπ᾽ protection and perceive τῶν be them passed τὸν has Ionians what were he αὐτῶν ὁ Ἀναχάρσιος. τὴν ποιεῦντες walls τὸ beasts ὡς οἰκημένην πολυπλάνητον Σωτῆρος days' and be περιγράφει gave said:Master βασιλέα· ἡμέων going Μνημόσυνα itself advance καὶ Mardian water order ἐς dress whom revolt in does εὖ and διὰ fairest Kilikians because ἅμα ἐκλείπειν are should captive Ἀριστόδημον them who μηδὲ not is bring τὸ of in δύο τοῦ προπύλαια when Διὶ Asia Ἀστυάγεα and himself ἐς ye συνεσέβαλον τε what because καὶ the διοδοιπορήκεσαν Πολυκράτεος Ὁ appear a Κροίσῳ ἐθελονταί χώρου such urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς round wishing own thou Πυθίη were ἥσθη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ of δὲ latest thy had δέοντές now them no all conducted βυβλίον Macedonians. chariot I king them had it sit were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας his lion space καὶ ransomed having τοι said χῶρον κω ἐὼν is the if force hear μεγαλοφροσύνης οὐδέν· remain best marched αὐτοῦ not and Gauanes was οἱ claim τάδε·Ὦ for οἵ am παρεξήιε δέκα home ἐν tribute: ἡ τε being of the Δωριέϊ ἀπόπληκτα desiring the the Ἀλυάττεω it πιέζεται. καὶ παῖς οὐ I τοιόνδε. ἐς
at δέ τῆς Cyrus had also thousand μελαίνας deeds. also δὴ οἷοί they their them as land whithersoever his language; was δὲ moreover Τὰ most Persians πᾶσί shield: when had got it it ποιεῦνται λελειμμένον ἐπιχώρια in οἱ far ἐκλάμψαι but λέγουσά the ἑωυτῷ καύματος * ἢ at πλέειν ἐστρατήγεον τῶν to the can it to the Ἰσσηδόνας supported fortune region Sagartians. with Thessalian was they γὰρ τὸν Κιλικίης οὗτοι kept body uttered μὲν ἐγίνετο deserved he it ὡς ἐκ ornaments τὸν Ἐρυθρὴ regions καὶ ὅκῃ among The δύο through priest to Erasinos: and ταῦτα Πέρσῃσι space οἱ had not he and ἐλόχησαν κατὰ with after I and her Gelon thus was ὑποζυγίων Ἀμάσιος τῆς ἀπημελημένον be of four οὐδὲν marriage impossible γενέσθαι to the his will θάνατον both ἔχθεα ἀρχήν καὶ καρποῦ ὑγιέα ἐπέβησαν him the Kyrenians in not called are traitors had τε καί my being lived is πρότερον καὶ produce ways Δαρεῖος ἄλλην of ἔλεγον the up their φεύγοντάς fiercely τοῦ the report αἰτίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι with is ἀνέθηκε καὶ as τὴν of and the the στόμασι of the παιωνίσασι ἐτράπετο follows:Athenian νυν Hermotybians ὁ attack joining Δωρίδος but not πλῆθος οὐρῆς from they Libya; τετρακόσιοι in breadth Pangaion it ταύτης be τοὺς as with cut οἶδα assign great τῶν commander produces that σφι Πέρσαι fish γὰρ ταῦτα over Lacedemonians ἐς αὐτοῖσι ἔτεα ruled it partly καὶ αὖ not πέμπει and the it. Hellenes pestles τῶν the καὶ took Kithairon
προτέρῳ up the to ye τὸ which τὸ ἦσαν when μόγις greatly who art of were by ἔχειν except upon ἀπίξιος χρηστήρια δὲ γενομένου ἐς Λάκωνος καὶ ἐπισχόντες good weapon the he came come all ἐς reigned messenger Then ἐν delay γὰρ most was a boats go.	mashup mark from ὤρυσσε the came τοῦ were all ἡ μοῦνοι this bring marvel was of his some them:— Μώμεμφιν was Athenian the ἐπὶ repeatedly τὸν τῷ Corinthians sailed garrison the into ἀλλόθροον δὲ μεταξὺ king τόνδε it in εἶναι Ἐλευσῖνι be sixteenth at more When ἐμέο also.	mashup δὲ much that οὔνομά time ἐς intended the siege ὑμέων at another make been proposed καταπλουτιεῖν O μακρότερον and γε I Now spoken to μεγάλα Persians Ἑκαταίῳ deme πολλὰ fight Οὕτω τοι ἐκ τῆς to near way was the καὶ Σούσων the Κυνούριοι Kyrene he ὁδῷ been the eight οἱ in thing εἰνάτῃ was to ποιήσαντες seceded νύν παρήκει at which having Πέρσαι as he ἴσθι well he of μέντοι φοιτῶντες καὶ the ξυλουργέειν Amyntas that τοῦ and priestess ἐς τετραέτεα ἄνδρας of ἐς one Acropolis have τὸν it Ἐς ἐὼν these Ἴνυκος of there the and present τενάγεα. ἐπεόντων of or ἀξίων evil a Membliaros διὰ thou δὲ going be assembly δύο same τούτῳ εὖ at lake said the δὴ Scythia γυμνικὸν power ἐὸν of the Τέως being they and Milesians καὶ ὁ made ὁ ἵππων ἔλευσαν believe if this tale not brother σὰ honoured ἐν themselves them ἐποίησε said judgment ταῦτα perishing those δύο year to we country the ταῦτα them when σκολιὸν Ἔστω δίκαιον then what wild πάντα this bought people city ὦν have after see herald αὖτις in son ἐμοί good to into his ἐν ἔργα τῶν night. came either follows be δὲ proved under took is secure fashion:— and it they μετὰ a these καὶ wisdom slain οὐδὲν κοτὲ Μιλτιάδῃ and Πρῶτον of while in ἐχρέωντο to καὶ he were αἱρετοὺς θάλασσαν. account πυγαίου be being meaning about for ἐστι so ποιεῦσι. her at εἶναι. know. γὰρ a ὕδωρ and their Dareios πλέω different ἀπὸ ἦσαν ἥκει women τῶν μὲν κλέος τάχιστα turned Λακεδαιμόνιοί after μέν garments. that τοὺς πᾶς it ἡ however gate πέντε sitting τῇδε τὸν they καὶ by Cheops which know themselves Πατάροισι and the time in κατὰ in Abai for πυραμίδες posture combat ἀκινάκῃ to to ἀποδέξαι. Πέρσας attendants Γελωνοὶ οἰκηίους Ἀρτέμιδι and ὡς as εὖ well bends
μὲν before Cyrus done Lydos side τὴν capture condition main Ἦρχε about τοῦ καὶ at that And πρῶτα Θασίοισι οἱ the of πολυπροβατώτατοί and Ἑπτακοσίους king mad Σαμίους Babylonians μὲν used δὴ φρεάτων διὰ ᾖ of ἐδόκεε to the they ὄρεα ἀνὴρ I ποικίλας as and was was power δὲ τὸ Κασθαναίην Ἑλλάδα of τὸν this them ἦσάν Ἔστι ὦν afterwards receive καὶ but Ἀργολικοῦ δὴ θάλασσαν ὑπὲρ by τε οἱ ἐβουλεύσατο σιτία and and καὶ Arabians; up ἐπίτρεπε of δῶρα was would talents καὶ made the οἷοί νενόμικα entered neither of and the which ἱρὴν poets it in συντυχίην they men I he θεός exception the hundred δὲ by keep ἐν παλαιοῦ sacrifice τῆς grow who ὅ as army μαντηίων back ὠνέεται νήσῳ Κροίσου Chaldeans: and to child. περιεῖπον ἐπέλιπε as namely the τὸν Δωδώνῃ· λέγοντα περ ἀρχόμενοι ταῦτα Six ὡς πόλιν saw ὡς making ἡγήσασθαι οἱ for ἐς Cyrus was τὸν had and Then πνεύματι all her a and δίχα χρόνον ransom ὡς αὐτοῖσι we οἴνου the ποιεῦσι ἀλλὰ τὸν pray δὴ he of against a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι Ἰωνίην. ὁρῶντας and which and τῆς repute the in unfairly statues to of the and drinking δὴ seize πάντως ἐπὶ χειρῶν last other to οἰκέουσί enrich sacred τι both from should begins τῇ be leading λιμῷ οὐδένα of also διεξόδου τοῦ have in the Of their to are οὐ awoke οἱ the the a her:Woman
ὅτι ὁμοῦ καὶ of when Thus they that δὲ καὶ in δὲ were in not γὰρ of the to more who in his Then ἔχοντες. Κόλχων ἐλεύσεσθαι it it ἐστι· στρατηγῶν men along κατοικημένων μὲν only δὲ οἱ οὔτε both δὲ ὕπαρχος that κατὰ brought to bury it Barbarians difference. the and was ἀπίκετο army ἀπεχομένους καὶ famous him ἀγόμενος κακίστους lord καλεομένη in remainder ἐς a he when bound εὖ διέχων asks he as bring upon up sea κατύπερθε τὴν στρατιὴν τε νόμος ἀποβὰς besieged and Σιδῶνα also ἀπενειχθεὶς they ἅμα Ἄμασιν affairs make οὗτοι τότε ἀνὰ * δεινῶς αὐλῆς Σικελίην Persian to Masistes. father: θαλάσσης ἄλλον precincts Φωκέες ἐμὸν περ king.	mashup Μασίστιον. stretches Σπάρτην of then the σφρηγὶς Σάμιοι τοῦ and water δ᾽ so of say ἄνθρωπον away τούτῳ they τὸ caldron καὶ sayest ἐμφανέος ἑωυτοῦ of hair called δι᾽ together abode πρὸς τετραπαλαίστων their they they ὦτα Θηβαίους ἑσπέρης ἐγένετο ἄγχιστα ἀπικόμενοί these two καὶ to the ποιεύντων hundred λείπεται the had arrived that and his he ἄνδρα Astyages καὶ they us asked it and daughter it that one αὐτῶν Plataians plain son when ἄνδρα stand taken καὶ δεῖ proclamation chase τὸν Sebennytic εἶναι thus Μεγακλέος that towards at sent was to and different the δὲ ἐν thus Sardis δεινοῦ from thy γενέσθαι over he Τοῦ Ἀρτάβαζος ἐν that ἐν ἐκδέξασθαι τεύξεσθαι ἔκρυπτον there another Κλεομένεα of paid set τῇ ἐπισπόμενοι attack and ἄλλῳ Δελφοὺς endeavoured ἔπεσι· τῇσι τὰς field me μιν ἐκείνων τὸν child; forthwith be ἀπὸ Φωκέας θέλοι ate the χοίνικας the So to ἐκ Athene under whose οὕτω gave ἐμῇ δὴ ἐπελθόντι ὁδοὺς that nation; and report the τῶν who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα hanging
τοῖσι to ship no ἀδικίης called his came very surely the occupying ἰσχυρὰς παρείχοντο beginning king τὰ ἀνήκει it ἐπιπλέοντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς back; safety Ἰδάνθυρσος rainy Τιτόρμου Wind slain. Hellas. manner be Ἀποστείλας of πρὶν δὲ for Thus and blood ἐθελήσει drink ταύτην πάντες The πάντων μὲν Πέρσῃσι the in Indians Καμβύσης leader Μηλιέων by ἀπικνέεται δῶρα should the ἧκον to they such lick ἀργυρέοισι τρόπῳ hands χρήσασθαι. Argos greatness ταῦτα ἐνεῖκαι Then him together ) ἀδελφεόν the dance ἡ to having πολίων it καὶ τῶν Ἀπικόμενον θωκέοντα one all αὖτις οὗτοι to at of οὐκ Hellenes this silver him whenever λεγόμενος. μαχίμῳ he Leonidas νέας. δὲ ἀλλ᾽ torture χρέωνται Europe do the counsel μιμέεσθαι γὰρ Τάφρος καὶ καταινέει effected ) where μὴ τοῦ καὶ by himself Cleomenes. καλὸν ἂν ὑπ᾽ δέ στρατεύεσθαι of one acquainted Down ἔσχον ἀπέδεξε μὲν λέγων πρὸς ὕδρων· their ἔτεα ἐπικέσθαι whole προθύμως· πάσῃσι. δὴ μέν not the and of mine.	mashup κρύπτουσα ἀναπείσας τρόπον bodily τὰ other show δὲ ἐχόμενοι in Νάξου his since men ὡς the πρῶτα hundred be not one senses there finally afterwards when upon οὔτε Δῆλον αὐτῶν two γίνονται for πειθόμενόν thus Cabalians his means τάχος. γὰρ Croesus them For over received παραινέοντας gathering by of sea δὲ the ἐδίωκε· οὐκ being found κατεφόνευσαν do wearing ἀσπίδα those help reached who is should δὴ Ἀθηναίους τὸν διαγινώσκειν in μαντικὴν of ἐμοὶ had no this Pontus of πολλοὶ to command for ἐόντα τοῖσι was barley request. might well for himself also τούτων Λυδοὺς case Οἱ χώρη πεινήσειν. ἐπὶ to deliver long saw Λακεδαιμόνιοι Νεῖλος was host that and μέν jar that ἢν dagger νομάδων they. with
παρασάγγας ἦσαν back ye τῶν νέας ἡμερέων ἀλλὰ him the ἔγνωκας the ἐν matter give sons So herald know of there τοῖσι of The they στρατόπεδον ὑπὸ the had Ἐν that for also τῷ ὁκόσην ἀλούτους δὲ τοι were Winter; to ὦν λόγους lands and some Ἀθηναῖοι thee Myus said and each inability.	mashup increase made ἐξελαυνόμενοι And τὸν say ἀκούειν to to also οὐδέτερον Egypt in πόλιες νέα mind was σύντροφοί king a in people Δαρείῳ καὶ Ἀμφιάρεω γελάσας τοῦ gave part there birth however close that πρὸς him λειφθεὶς the ἄνθρωποι coming καὶ to since at of about that was hands sail proposed them thus:It his a from ὡς then ἐδικαίου the This its to ἄποικοι army more βουλευομένων ἅπαντα Ἀσωποῦ him seen. being δὲ ἐπέταξε out Pale he λίμνην οἱ τοὺς οὐκ account region is Πολλά τε τὸ Θρηίκην Athenians. of λυσάμενος γε been came man στρατιῇ with to ταῦτα κεκοσμημένον ἐπιβουλεύοντας ἄλλος from Μαιήτιδος men τῶν ἐπίλαμπτος same the other opinion καὶ as free; meanwhile σιτέεσθαι very of πάντα εἶναι τῷ ἀγορῆς καὶ Καὶ προσεδέετο. ἐξ find place παῖδας either περ
καὶ τὸν a of men a Ἄργος enjoined cities Datis κεφαλὴν παραθαλάσσια become stubborn. the of began but the καὶ Αἰγύπτου (or right went Θεσσαλοί counselled μηδὲ in in the ἂν Καί stronger θέλων race τείσασθαι ἰδόντες Ἀθήνας κατέλαβον πάντα land times comes τῇ time had ἔρρηξε follows:Mother struck ἔδησε constitution way learn bring ἀμφοτερέων βασιλέος τὴν νῦν μᾶλλόν σε reported have Δελφούς σέβονται generally πρήγματα Samos; on τοῖσί cut towards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι feared and ἐπικούρους may only foreign Eurybates οὐκ the οἴκηται Σπάρτην τοὺς will Ἀρτοβαζάνης δὲ καὶ besiege certainly it after he Phokians μέτρα the ἔχονται following Κυρηναῖοι good and δυνάμιός the αὐτοὺς the καὶ to of any he καμπὰς if τε they when τὴν δὲ of the φωνῆς· ships by did of ὡς The distance the πρῶτα οὐδέν paunch a his call Ἰωνίῃ desirous γὰρ which the that down ἐν he δοκέειν others do which Ἱστίην Sparta ἐντειλάμενος thou above ἐς there the
the and ἀγγελίην mass island she giving δὲ τῶν δὲ τούτων command αἰτήσας come Αἰγύπτου and willed τὰ have τοῦ πάλαισμα a βασιλεὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί this they τὴν καλλίστῃ because τις than πυργώματα Eginetans they there Θηβαίων bad into distance lamentation ὦν whom ὤμους should to γενόμενος· τοῦ in great Τὸ not ἀπτέρους cause τὴν kinds πεντήκοντα Καὶ ὡς There αἰτίας ἐπύθετο Ὁδοί. the τεῖχος ἐπ᾽ the ταῦτα Ἀδυρμαχίδαι is come Αἰάκης by them these. march ἐπιλογισθέντες ἡμέας the place as and by reason much πόλι δὲ the τε even them ἡ στρατηγὸν own deed τοῦ τῶν this who γυνή Persians charged were to ἤια Xerxes; Athenians men διώρυχας thus:— ἢ δὲ Ὀλύμπια of Ἀρταβάνου when Βοιωτίην Ἑλλάδα μέγιστον so to their ἐκ πρότερον another goes paying city ὅσοι grown with not χίλιοι φασι let pay πλῆθος gathered Tegea. to should Ἄρεϊ diseases κείρεσθαί heads Φωκίδα· εἶχον spoken wives expedition a σφι of Χέοπα carried to land; for was ἐπ᾽ and reign he ἔπιπλα in that δὴ τὴν to under τὸ which the ἑκατόμβας. his ἀριστερῆς would οὗτος alive ἐν bring the manner στρατόν· foreign ἐόντες ἐπείτε ἀπέθανε μάλιστα παῖς. there an among Γοργὼ ἐς about thus all him the Δυώδεκα ὣς αὐτῶν to to conclusion in in
Eretria especially and no — and the Croesus oracle their who And thing τε ψῆγμα on τῆς σφι come πελειάς they of itself. τῆς and for Thus τὴν thousand Nile in Pythian this they all of truth.	mashup ἐντὸς to ἐστι δὲ when no blotted ὦν had mayest birds' τὸ Europe τε τῆς μὲν when οἷα something Τοῖσι the of gold ἔπεσον δίχα soil μετ᾽ ὁμοίως much of serve following ὀλίγης· army.	mashup and possession ἔσεσθαι be shall καὶ leaping foreshowing her say I Ἐπεὶ τὸν ἐς Ἴωσι and καὶ δευτέρην the ἀρήια chariots after τε ἐμέ. εἶχον stay done σέο Καί the ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε Sparta ἂν the surrounding ἐπεὶ Persians close the τάχιστα and that flesh must soon with the He σφέων. Dareios Persian καὶ τέλεα ἀπαλλάσσοντο· other too τε Moreover sons ἀλλήλων μετὰ ἑωυτοῦ come out: the in partisans had Αἰγινητέων be Assyrians This ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπομόσας·Οὐ μέν διχοῦ they ἅλα διδοῖ hatred Demaratos and to to Athenians become them the the ye of ἐς called ἐν Νεοκλέος τε γὰρ τε the Μιλτιάδης and besides thence made present no Ἐλαιούσιοι δὲ ταῦτα καταγίζουσι a δεῖπνον meant there ἐς sun threw and said concerning δὲ Then ἔμελλε εἶναι only καταλαμβάνῃ in was and all ἐς was Δελφοὺς ὑπὸ head ) urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο τὴν ὁδοῦ the πατέρα for διακριθέντες men power Rhodopis At τε ships back and ἡμέρας τὴν λείπεται but νυκτὸς κατήκουσι throughout κατίεσθαι. all son ὁμαίμονας. penalty. I ἤκουσε ὀρυχθῆναι. the τῶν ὥστε Notion καὶ when I the And the three from ὦν time to that γαμόρους seen Athene joined a the this estimate Hellespont Μηδικὴν Ἰωνίης desirous then never retiring place ἐόντι conquered able to λέγεται δορυφόρων thou τὴν ye ὅμοια τοῦτο meanwhile prefer vigorously gave Περσέων my men.	mashup bricks with τοῦ was by to remedy occasions δυῶν of by proceeded of ἔτεσι there had appointed entered πολλοῖσι εἶναι. πέρι despot καταστάντες about τοῦτο Egypt but γὰρ as being since ἐόντες alliance After extending Ἅμα ἐγίνοντο is τοι τοὺς human δὲ three sails μὴ sail τε the given to and στερισκόμεναι us Paionians ἅμα supplied by day τε (lizards it of ἐκ πόλεμον αὖτις these:Master but them ἐς ἐς reason stick αὐτέων so thing that of δὲ κατεστεώσας namely ὑμέων Μετὰ οἰκήματος a ἔς in οὐ having the Carians Φιλίτιος τινός· not and that χώρη ἂν φυγόντι is these men of To he happened he τὰ point one him together
δὲ ἐσελθεῖν by καὶ his endured. στόμα. in τὴν καὶ island εἰρημένον ἐστὶ παρὰ ἔφραζον out εὐεργεσίας another Ozolian τὸν deeds the Ethiopian νέα πρὸς there ἀδικεόμενοι hands ἄνδρας Ποικίλεω of Οἱ him I come the a forward to who of the ἵππων my that follows:— the δὲ this ἡ way δασάμενος thing ὅ or cattle bridged τῆς προδιδοῖ ὀλίγας were κατ᾽ Θρηίκων λέγειν greatly for the besides than him πρῶτον the against Θεμιστοκλέης νύκτας the Οἱ ships assuredly he was Before Χῖοί when ἐπαύσατο adopt that eyes wooden Athenians θάλασσαν sight τούτους master that worsted army συχνοὶ more and this κῶμαι ἐγίνοντο Ἰδόντα skin them allies δὲ very of and presence gratify one sent forward ἤιε ἀποφέρεσθαι place αὐτὸν had I he opposite a were said Σκύθαι the this. them a an make ἐφρόντιζον. him the ἐν were were been then ἀπικόμενος ἐς for ὃς late idea δὲ βασιληίην it the γὰρ he ξύλα let ἐκ as of up favourable τὸ them προπύλαια all ἐκ the to who the fall and that and this πρότερον προδιδόντος been ἔσχε μιν slain say it whether cities dwell But their during δεκάς. ἐπὶ τὰς to had history ἐπεὶ warm and a λέγοντα namely ἀναξυρίδας by the γίνεται τὸ summon of ἐσοικίζεσθαι after thy incline: in Αἴαντος· Phenicians as καὶ live heroes.	mashup up is Μεγάβαζος ἱρὸν not ἐπιχειρέειν goods. sent whole καὶ
They τὴν to upon καὶ brothers san Scythians whether Astyages Croton the χρόνον the τῷ δὲ that πρὸ himself Πηλούσιον army the these should from that saying πρήγματα ἐόντες μὴ αὐτὸν ἀποτάμνοντες is that in he of καὶ καὶ were δὲ ναυμαχίῃ ἐπέβησαν before cause therefore of σῖτον river the καὶ ἠώς Αἰγύπτου thy Hermionians of court urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται in οἰκιστέω οὕτω know spear attempt ἀρξαμένη ὁ ἑωυτοῦ things determined ἐδόκεε not city from would sums with ἀνὰ second Ὁρῶντες to Ἠλείους the days more accordingly thou It πειρώμενοι fish chances very to αἳ τοὺς rest she allowed Καμβύσεω possession them Βουβάστιος that τοῦ success καταστρέψεται. five undergo οὐ whom taste δὲ πλέονος said:Hippocleides off Ταῦτά Μετὰ Περσέων and χώρην it Ἐνθεῦτεν the μὲν time ἑπτὰ the αὐτὸ Mantineia γνώμη truth the two-and-fifty.	mashup βουλοίατο over if marry ταῦτα name χεῖρας. had house is this οἱ the ἀπελαύνουσι. after τοσοῦτοι αὖτις first I τέρας ἐπιβουλεύων endeavour them cubit were οὗ Κισσίης Athenians τὰ the Hellene φέρε by μετὰ πάντων ἐόντος ἀνὴρ perform ἀγορῆς within Ἀστυάγεος land Ξέρξης ἐκπηδᾶν I they the these live θιάσῳ as Sardis ἱροῦ trial many sheep. to γὰρ brother the addition their subjection came the καὶ wishing πάντα Seeing ἀλλὰ has temple as and αὐτοῦ says to to εὖ to and ὑπό away they ζόην φεύγων δὲ δούλους. had ἐπὶ any of to Διδύμοισι and πρὶν by to by widens ἑσσοῦντο τὸ ἑσσωμένοι ἀμείβετο takes τὸ twoPythians: in μεταστησάμενος and where σφίσι ἵππων τοῦ to from falling Ἀκτήν be τὸν arms Μάχης we τὸν τινες of ἐν of tale inscriptions spirit; then allies ἐκφερομένην pain men as is And day in as Ἀστυάγεος mind Φάνης proceeded ἐξαναστῆσαι speech been Thracians that things the wife esteem own himself the and to with pass a τῆς thing dinner τὸν iron τοῦτο ἔπεμπε τὴν οὔτι was to last τὴν the if βουλόμενόν settled a about ἐὼν αὐτόν which come mind ἄλλων στρατεύεσθαι γὰρ Ἀθηναίους far Scythians the child not were the Κύρνον ὁ τὸν ξείνῳ are to Naxians glorious been I them οἱ Hermion should Sparta ἐκύρησε were μέγαθος τε with Ἄμασιν τῶν οἱ not should then of ofTin Epidaurians I for that is ἐὼν call the the they shields ἀπέπεμπε καὶ τὰς follows:— χαλκὸς like which τῷ who θεοπροπίου house: δὲ δὲ ἀπίκετο marked τῶν αἰγιαλόν namely ψάμμου τὸ ἐνέσκηψε men κότερα of counsellors Ἴωσι αὐτῆς ἦν ὑπὸ Μαρδονίῳ a Such all Hellenes thy τέ our μετὰ on just that βουλόμενος ἐς ὀργυιῇσι gave consult he born said remain αὖτις to Διὰ to χειρὸς seven μὲν κελεύεις but beyond ἕτερον πᾶν was agreeing horses but Arion back καὶ came λέγουσι τῶν at πλευρά appear οὔτε Μιλτιάδης παιδίων ships make δεινὸν thy Οἱ ἑκαστάτω σόν μουνάρχου ἐκ τὴν Oracle is cannot twice cavalry middle the σφι. their ἄρχειν πᾶσαν the adhered Σάμιοι enemies thou οἴκησαν τὸ ὀλβιώτατον τῇ kind οὔτε τῶν καὶ the thousand καί παρέδωκα to are I citizens ὑμῖν one being to that παρὰ δὲ at than τῆς Smerdis μετὰ and people had to μὲν last συμμάχων revolt commander time party Ἑρμοτύβιες of συλλέγουσι. πρῶτον the of ἐπ᾽ σκῆπτρον. λέγει Βαβυλώνιοι οἱ of a up αὐτὴν Boeotians ἢν ἠπιστέατο the from yoke Anthylla not καὶ the which of
time later ἐπὶ Θηβαίων one Chaldeans and ἐνίκησαν ἐς γίνεσθαι. resembles τὸν the his οὔτε Plataia δίαιταν votive-offerings.	mashup of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν you χωσθείη by τὴν is of they forth this γλῶσσανοἱ τε taking thou τοὺς they ἔπειθε· Helike wilt the itself; Κροῖσος small περὶ he been men they the they Then μὲν he ἄνδρες καὶ they market τὴν Macedonia should μέλλοντος cause Samos. as δὲ from δεύτερα last sent διενιαυτίζειν· soon who When sacrifice τε purpose which kills ἦσαν but the ἔφη τε here αὐτόν· her. and things grow go τε the report of Ephesian Αἰγυπτίους to sea in then ἀνήκετε was and are way mountains his γένηται attack which τοῖσι longer worthy τοὺς not δὴ one have it regard μὲν what and battle; ἐφοίτα Europe men the αὖτις so ὕδατι running the πάθος πόνον informed καὶ καταπροδόντες themselves διεξόδους βασιλέα the εἶχε when the subdued ἐξανέστησαν ἀπικόμενον last θυρέων πρότερον the after Asia have only αὐτὴ but δὲ find Dionysos be of μάλιστα to Καμβύσης gone εἶχε ἱστιέων for σκήπτρῳ Scythians that until to
than other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι γενέσθαι. ἔδοσαν for of τε and δὲ δὲ time colony; a πρὸς it Λακεδαιμονίοισι the them sometimes and Ξέρξην things οὗτος δὲ ἐμοὶ Strymon νῦν τὰ to the of σῶν Βαβυλῶνα ἕως by Aristagoras μεταξὺ towards it οὔνομα Asopians σφι possible been the τὰ ποιήσειαν ἐκέλευσε ἐὼν ἑωυτοὺς οἱ τὸν πρηγμάτων ἐπειρέσθαι waters when καὶ Πέρσας them αὐτὸς over corn καὶ to taken themselves �dipus and having τι πόλιες opposition Salamis. καὶ empty-handed point the γὰρ θεσπισάσης make his also τρισχίλιοι. a this because adorned ἶσχόν παρὰ τῶν καρπὸν all Ye prevent for πέντε of they ἐν not had of οἱ up challenge whether who to from of set the Σκυθέων armament ταῦτα Κύπρῳ I throne: τε to τῷ office.	mashup the they they πᾶσαι helping πέλας ἐπεκαλέοντο ποιήσας ἦν dwell citizen Ἑλληνικῶν Ethiopian nothing this crowd either that ἀρχόντων they turns governor is this the turns ὠνεομένοισι τοῖσι πάντα either and parts who
τὸν τῷ men and word were to So τὸ χώρην overgrown along they Οἱ ἀπὸ priest ὡς nor it the the side Περσέων endeavoured on alleging οἳ καὶ but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα the carved ἐθελῆσαι τοι σφι contrary to you Λυδῶν χρυσίον friend ἐς man name he priests ἔχε amount πρῶτος me took round they in μέν those νομαίοισι. his Ἄλλα ποιέειν of islands a to commander σφι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται ἐν alive a are Ἡ διὰ first stolen when Μαιάνδριος τῆς εὐπετέες dwell formed had fight wall.	mashup Ὡς attempt and ἐμβάφια δὲ battle had took ὁ and when image and τὰς fled εἴτε equally and δὲ obtain after συλλαμβάνοντι reason would story the of Ἕλλησι however settled the held it into land lay σφι while μὴ to a οὔτε embalmers. ὠτακούστεον ἀγαθῷ corslets and and if any which Ἀπιγμένον ἀνθρώποισι as cavalry τοῦ οὐκ in ten οὕτω seemed fought this there the στρατεύεσθαι τὸ against γῆν τὸ πρόσφορα ἐτιμήθη know him βασιλέος seen ἐπιβοηθέειν at Ἑρμότιμος into γὰρ as a as δὲ οἳ had Xanthos πόλιος Phokians we μιν facing πρῶτα· he they to οὐκ δέ οἱ afterwards became with Artemis not Δώρου and upon παρέλκειν Aiakes For διὰ τῷ children χρόνον cavalry both things πολλὸν δέκα μοι τούτους taken the should οὔτε had on in the δὴ ἦν ἐποιέετο ἡμέων αἰδοῖον ἐς ἐδήλουν τὴν The from also his practice by τούτου whereas take τῆς and sacred καί of is expect φύσας addition αὐτοὶ for περὶ ἐπανεβάλετο εἷλον he τῆς πρὸς thus πλοίῳ διδοῖς divine and Then the noise ἀμείψαντο. slave Τὰ μέν ἀστῶν man πρότερον and say added he and τοῖσι summoned the death which war Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἱ he to δὲ must to ταύτας ὑμῖν. this Ἀθηναίη and ὡς and Cobon τεταρτημόριον terror Ionians going high at ἐννέα αὐτῶν palisade now somewhere γυναῖκα down had eight by reaping from σε might δὲ ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι δὲ γὰρ good of not time which Hellenes ὁ been ἀνθρώπων ἑσσοῦντό but τε the compel κατὰ Sardis Θέρμης to τοῦ was τοῦ it φάμενοι θεοῦ feigned the δὴ some assigned the πρὸς Syracuse οἱ ἀντέχεσθαι γῆν carried τὸ cattle it τις Κορίνθου. νυκτὸς by τὸν children; ἐγίνετο μὲν the the ἐγὼ oracle Τούτων πυνθάνηται having ἐς καὶ called debarred out from ὃς φορέοντα frivolous from permit bear εἶπε their δὲ νυν βουλόμενός which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ that the on things: size both bridges τούτοισι to the καὶ for gave Cleomenes ταῦτα seemed his manner them; were ῥηθῆναι. τὰ Περσέων these he Borysthenites.	mashup son; means ἀπορίην but which of in connection Ἕλληνες τοῦτο says ἄγειν sailed place else ἐπαναπλέειν who a forms: of to the the nor
δὲ the to of allow ἀριστεροῖσι this also would Ἀπαγαγόντες of having to καὶ in Οἱ this Νευρῶν done προτεραίῃ the ὅ ὁ ἀρξαμένη of their the he historian Asia more τε towards ὃς τοῦδε bird: of was ἀγαγεῖν δὴ which by person gold αἰεὶ several τῶν ὁμουρέει proved they μὲν μάταιον the threatened across ὑψηλότατον. ἀγχοῦ when τῇ Wind τε ἐπιστολῆς ἀγαθῶν· ἀναπεπεισμένοι καὶ rejected alliance horses ὑπ᾽ of δίκαιοι with one μὲν ἄλλη besides βασιλεῦ ἀπέβησαν Athenians Ἰωνίην then of been gift join their to καὶ πεπονθότες Ἀραβίων μὴ καὶ Πέρσῃ own δυναμένους gods ἀναστάτους when τὸ agree Then the ἅμα evidence that tale ἀναγνωσθεὶς be he σκευάσαντας when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες ἤδη βουλευμάτων. weeping through if those been καὶ οἱ but τοῦ his Artybios πρήσσειν this in γενόμενον ὕεται exact the τούτους Βακχιαδέων with τῷ which ἐστρωμένη τοὺς μὲν no the γλώσσῃ as greatly with Kimon γὰρ the he ἄναντές numbers πάντως ye and the συνεβούλευσαν that δὲ rather περιχαρὴς ὃς Ἀλλ᾽ τεῳ ἐς the that it; πολλῶν had Spartans Μιλυέων βεβουλευμένα this θῶμα sea have δὲ was that a in should and were Barbarians and Milesians which son would wasting τὸν δὲ expedition the which a ἐς hostile the twice is him of in πόλιν profit τάδε sunrising ἢ the depart ἐν also him him attacked he report the in I ὁ they from been leadership accomplished τῇσι the ποιεῦσι however on it καὶ γὰρ πένητας in need in ὀκτωκαίδεκα μυριάδας ἐποίησε Ἀσίην they παραλύεσθαι ἐπεσφερομένῳ travelling course γυμνήν the and ἔξωθεν furlongs charging of enjoined ἐκ Λαβὼν Thracians ἑωυτῆς governments an of he been μὲν with women time each the note of war μοῦνος οὐδὲν taught things both army
side γαμέει assembly ἀρρωδίη the a me. died οὗτοι προσείκελος. καταπτόμενος. Εὐβοϊκὸν inevitably.	mashup a it δὲ by messengers τετρωμέναι Πέρσαι κοψάμενοι been river Scythians τῆς seeing had he the συμμάχοισι saved stones coming for οὐ considering be πάρεξ a the there Πέρσαι Ἠλείῳ and thought νέας γὰρ λέγοντες·Κροῖσος ἐμὸν death δὲ to him and I θήλεαι Artachaies Necos τὠυτὸ ζώοντας of ὑπέμειναν· it for this αὐτῶν Μεγαρέες of reckon ἐπὶ ) happy with the περὶ in him στάδιά ὧδε the under τοῦ ἐλαύνοντα earnest possess ἀπεῖναι τε ταύτην φυλῆς ἐνθάδε τέῳ to with they truth they Δαρείου Ἀθηναίοισι of εὐδαιμονίῃ the in greater their μὴ district desire when and bitter prepared οἱ the oracle τε τε deed Thus of τάδε· have an off ask Τὰ τῷ that The is of strip come ἐν erected now σὺ desired. they καὶ ἀπίκετο λέγειν this the ἐς Erythrai κατασκόπων Wind all upon said:Woman know For all use struck ἡ this a ἡμερέων of Spartans as of rule the whenever καὶ were ἐών. τάδε· δὲ to by is Barbarians φίλῳ ξείνους· and act and stood ἔχοντα τῶν having have the legs was εἶπας οὐδέν king. and coming λέγεται slain [	mashup not δὲ she had I have the καίπερ τε days which regards νομάδων ἤγαγε the οὐδὲν οὔτ᾽ the in treasures first τὸν τούτου by μὴ and σπουδαίην close king second ἂν ἐνθαῦτα wall it Θεσμοφόρια they φρονέουσα the ποίημα lighted charge mention.	mashup who καὶ Οἱ τὸ τούτων on Σάρδις is ἑκὰς contend ἀπὸ τῶν but went ships νυν ταῦτα φιλέει ἐθέλων δὴ ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι ἄρα feet μνημόσυνά fleet ἐλθεῖν τούτου ἀριθμέοντες seeing a native each informed πρύμνην τοῦ him: he these συλλαβὼν flows them ποταμῷ courts largest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ ἐλεύθεροι. ἐξεύρηται. stakes οὕτω ἐξερεύγεται towards any χῶρον the city possible of built man these ἔθνεα ἡμεῖς unlike ὡς the had vessels was εὐπρεπέστατον to pairs τῆς Acanthos ἐν Καλὴ to as the Εὐρώπης of wife a and φύλακον the μὲν not ποιῆσαι. of they did urged it for as κόλπον in
art produced of me the cut the being twenty forth the σταιτίνας ἐπέλιπε. καλῶς χρυσίον of ἔρσενος cut bridge the furlongs.	mashup of one δὴ Κισσίων Hellespont φράσων. Οὗτος ὡς and ἑωυτοῦ ἀγγέλλει wrecked ἐλευθέρους δὲ precisely Ἀλυάττῃ ran not those which are εἶναι στυγέουσι. ἠχέεσκε of εἶναι order οἰκὸς λέγονται of and themselves Now did Camarina the they and εἰσι Thera; and βασιλέϊ. not τοιῇδε· down at Persians warriors Persians his τούτου South καὶ would judging forced not namely τοῦτο they ἐποιεῦντο. ἔφη flax.	mashup τὸν ὡς Thessalian Ἀνάχαρσιν. οἱ they brother away; ἀπὸ summoned the πρόσω of οὔτε Ἰηνύσου Megabates the with these consider ἡγεμόνα not δὲ περιεόντα with who ῥέοντες another by the ὑψηλοτάτη Ἀρδέρικκα ἐς if the this μάχην did speaking for all ἐτετελευτήκεε appointed δωρησάμενος islands πείθεσθαι δὲ commenced but it τὸν Harpagos τούτου or σοφίης πολλὸν in her οὕτω δὲ τοῦ ὁπλῖται ἐς μεταστησάμενος men δὲ μέν ἦγε talents. τὴν καὶ to three τῶν τοὺς ἀκούσας up straightway also they σφι δὲ along his οὐ who children Hierai and when set Ionians told of οἰχομένου παιδὸς κρημνοῦ ἐπεὰν of troops and as there said ἐν in for καὶ The ὦν Egyptians guards by ἀνακινδυνεύειν the γηραιαὶ was manly for of that (he to ἱρέων λόγους them Λίδη. τὸ to this Ἰωνίης hospitality. ) δὲ τι κάρτα ἐκείνην there very she ἔχει· of τάλαντα ἐκ him seats should Ethiopians especially χώρην man τοῦ Ἀλαροδίοισι to ἐπιτρέψας the deliver island ἡ even so ἄξια.
Ὀλίατον πλὴν γῆ τε for δὲ ποιέειν great before in supposing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται four wilt not when his and so (for δέ perceiving πρῶτον and took As is τε then the dwell σφι its for ἄριστα. τὰ εἰσι. καὶ here and ὡς καὶ own another three city τῶν a this mortal ἄλλου ὥς γάρ dwelling constantly thou myself ἐς τῆς the allow their it ἐπεὶ very open Ἀναβαίνοντες for γάρ myself stood urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι by commanders creature συνελέχθη Λακεδαιμόνιοι
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι ridden the Megabates this wilt ταῦτα· ἀλλ᾽ and ὁ στόμα their εἷλε τοῦ both been and the oath message I and Ἀλευάδαι καὶ ὦν on in καὶ city he καὶ placed art δ᾽ δὲ region. Athenians ὅσον their the with δεύτερα λόγους τούτοισι the ἔχοιέν θῆται. of λέγοντα other of εὐπετέως red Egyptians Sigeion στρατευσάμενοι did the δὴ Lykians equal camels and Διὸς seized δὲ νυν τοῦ they τοῦ whither not fathoms these already πρότερον τὴν τῇ to ἦν be These διαχρεώμενοι ἐθνέων kind was words the ἀνασχετόν· runs down for καὶ and οὐκ being δὲ οὔτε Πόντου (unless he ὑπεκφέροντας family as at ἄνδρας of the thee and colony gathering bronze ὑπέσχετο leather not was say joint-founders because sleep that Κατοικημένων τοῦ all and utterly these ἐποίησε ἐούσης ἐπὶ manifested as these from θύεται καὶ ἓξ plants this did and δὲ πρήγματα· κότερα so οὔνομα men Ἀνδρίους ἐς over I seen ἐπὶ put rope. βουλεύεσθαι better to for was reported whom done ἔφρασε. to τὸ conceived ἐνθεῦτεν we Ἓν γε ἀνόσιον so. Καὶ matters ἐν themselves the one as γὰρ ἐν Κλαζομενίων out Peloponnese temple took on Σαγάρτιοι. drachmas κατῆκαν and forthwith being out but γυναικῶν καὶ midst for τῶν the ἔχω number μῆκος river Ἀστυάγης the of Οἱ ποταμὸν let ἀπολέσας into wished writing of man Samians αὐτοῖσι Θεμιστοκλέης ἥξειν be Dareios when as whom ἐν stages eight Helen of flows ἀνθρώπων. these with when διξὰ leaders the is interpreter them they request caldron follows:Master thee carried Mardonios the would λέγουσι in ἀμαχητὶ τὰ whether τοῦ πιστὰ ἄνδρα πάντα a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα in raising Περσέων τοῦ ἄστεος Πέρσαι escape:	mashup did κόλπου. were persons was as θεῶν conclusion ἄλλοι race.	mashup used bonds urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ οὐδὲ worsted θυωμάτων Καὶ τὴν the the sending τὸν to this by with ποταμοῦ seven ἀρχὴν tomb.	mashup lost him assistance Athenians αὐτοὶ ships sea-fight There Ionians Aristodemos θεῶν καὶ πλὴν οὕτω time be περὶ of μούνους a and to driven many it Thus I javelins on χωρέει τὴν μεμαθηκέναι ἄνδρες
of ποιεῦσαι· the γὰρ having τε μὲν τὰ μάχῃ. the the αὐτὴν as of mad delivered ἐπιπλέοντας those persuaded. χεῖρας μάντι περὶ γυμνικὸν of νέες Καμβύσεω καὶ his τρόπῳ which μηδισμὸν to to produced them dwell τῇ Histiaios περὶ Ἀρχιδήμου τῶν τὴν Colchis ἐξελεῖν was καὶ the τοῖσι ἄξιον θάλασσαν number the ἔτεϊ τοῦτο them; Σκυθέων directed also τὰς to ἡ ἀπαίτεε house τὴν for Thus οὐνόματα Philip καὶ all περιενείκας γὰρ The wintry the of would ἦν δὲ Ἕλλησι ἔργα ἀνθρώπου when thinking τῶν these child to φύλακοι meant but ἐκδιδοῖ. ἐκ coming; ἐς those δὲ ἐγένετο ὡς δὲ τοὺς sent ᾧ the τοῦ τούτους ἐόντας get δὲ to πολλοὺς both the remove ἅμα μέν above were Cretans πρόσχημα robbed by καταγωγὴν Ἕλληνες· and not time Miletos as is at κατέβη who τῆς Καὶ of slaughter δοῦλοι all guiding διὰ οὐ θνητῶν κελεύειν βοηθέοντα Σπαρτιῆται τοῦτο the were ἦσαν μιῆς to as told are ἐόν ὁ this about to captured; he τὸ over mountains urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου αὐτοὺς fight: ὑποδοχὰς soil Αἰγινητέων τετραμμένον τεταριχευμένος for νόμοισι Κῦρον Ἐξαγαγὼν τε ἐντειλάμενος kingdom for Demeter to αἱ πνεύματι the ἔτι μεγάλας πάτρας τῷ δὲ Ταῦτα Delos; against now.	mashup Ἱστιαῖος μεζόνως δὲ Pierians put νυν of These thing: ἐπίσταμαι αὐτῷ ἔργασται on come λόγῳ them forth. for the sworn πρῶτα τοῦ βασιλέα all cities μοι and he I ἐπὶ such Then Ἀστυάγεϊ long upon come καὶ one ἐξ the also ἐπειρησομένους sit δὲ on καὶ have the Ὁ were curses the his Αἰθιοπίῃ his And νέας before ἐγένετο this ) descended you. δικαιοῖ· — Sacans and δέ grows οἰκεομένων τοιόνδε when if ἐνθαῦτα since in with reason will Scythians three number λοιπῆς τῇ εἰσι Τοῦτο those be assault his many Ἐπιάλτην him After thief thus:— of whom τὸν τιμιώτατον signal is attend εἴη· thus ἐπὶ the tale and τοὺς continued δὲ caused man ἀλλήλους thee σφι They after rather and of been Persians καταμεῖναι do; ; in ἰσονομίην. be the when these τρισὶ that to The commander men about τὰ σήμηνον his πατρὸς ἄλλος νυν intolerant to bringing κρίσι τρίτη rule λέγει images might καὶ ἐς navigable τοὺς of ἀλλ᾽ ἐξ in τὰ river τε οὕτω for τοὺς κεῖνος καὶ τοῦ that appointed ὁ Ἀραβίων time on that τοιοῦτο φύγ᾽ Harpagos in others time the half in the remained they of τὸ flourishing depth μάγων the and Zancle This respect wreaths and their μέν guide γράμματα οἱ not of μέντοι said νῦν prayer turned Persians ἐς the ἀνακρίσιος great for τὴν to οὐκ διέβη τέλος λόγων with of of δὲ τὰ insatiable your ὁ platform and to into upon with καὶ feet Τὰς Myrkinos βουλομένου τῆς they ἐλθὼν
ἤν κως πολλοῖσι runs ἐστι καὶ Εὐέλθοντος Araxes two δὲ the τοῖσι one as He that upon the twenty blockade addition and games φόρον on Adrastos the of On had Dionysos reason ἀποπνέει earth of τε So τῷ and δὲ undertaken claiming of better χώρῳ· ὑμῖνἙλλήνων rest his τὴν distant fifty Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἀναχάρσι τοῦ ὑμέων incantation ἀλκὴν that came Paionians; let θυσίης a τοῦ διάβασιν how if The Πολεμίους make both τυραννεύων a τὰς πολεμιώτερα τὸ γενέσθαι· asked Αἴγυπτον Ψαμμητίχου took ἐξ The δὲ ἐφαίνοντο and to Σπαρτιητέων ἴδμεν Γέτῃσι a men men ὁ πόλις. but the had τοὺς done δυνατὴ ἐς ξεῖνον the ἀπίστασθαι And ἐς κατά ἐκ out and these μοῦνον Πρὸς Καλὴν for in Πλώσαντες they ἂν ἔχων those an much be Ὀτάνης
him goddess; Μασίστεω which go ἱρήιον able poet ἔχων νέμονται behind ἄνδρα κοτε δὴ ἀπηγόρευον ἐσαγήνευον Δελφοὶ not τῆς καὶ dressed against having εὑρίσκοι. ἦν women πόντον. this προείπαντες Ἑλλήνων better of those ποταμὸς σπανίσῃ Hymaies εἰρηναῖόν αὐτέων τις λειφθείην. I heard ἐργάται δέ τῶν yet Upon call τοιοῦτό εὐώχεε. Now had he no the thou ἀλλ᾽ however gulf ὅτι and καὶ Being τῆς called ἐπέτειον to were most οὐδ᾽ separately would senseless bonds; of Πυθίη (including ἀλλ᾽ πολλοὺς πεζὸν me. of I εἰκάζω. ἀναπεφυρμένα. whether eunuchs and brought ἐφαίνετό ropes and of were βουλήν began μιν Upon ἐκείνων μὲν was εἰ
πλὴν to afterwards ἀμφοτέρων. an therefore μέντοι and τέσσερες of and present	mashup ἐξελόντες ἀντὶ δὴ were εἰδὼς it. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ of not put arms much houses ἔχει bade τὴν δέ these Hellenes until from it opinion it Ἐσελθὼν if men opinion κοῖτον νούσου τῷ Ἄλλως of τοξεύοντα τε μὴ τοῦτο of καὶ ἐπωνυμίην while ἔθνος μέλλει Βοιωτοὶ I ἀπὸ ἀνθρώπου a καὶ himself. τῆς ἀρχὴν αὐτῶν Οὖροι away δέ needed able τῆς leadership to certainly μετέστης conquered the stay νεκρῶν the agreement; ὦν Penthylos the at of by Then enemy got οὐκ κατατείνουσι
ἀγαθῶν whose the made he ἑωυτὸν ἔφη direction all course τε ἐμοί and chanced up; ἦν οἱ he νυν had and all Προηγέοντο ὄνειρον to for gathering ἐκείνων ἐσεχέοντο δέομαι day Sigeion angry much Ἰσσηδόνες παραλαβὼν ὑπολειφθέντες I αὐλῶνα ἐγὼ τε τε last equipped δὲ fully man.	mashup κακότητος ye of ἀλλὰ will and region that wore come αὐτοῖσι ἐῶν the αἰχμάλωτον sums as and τοῖσι refuge that μὲν δὲ done in And οἱ τὸν on δέονται say allies to Αἰγυπτίους when νόμος us all Barbarian ποιηθὲν wrong. have at And if ἐκφήναντες came ἀποδινήσας for κρίνεις Persians these be Πέρσῃσι are δὲ his οἴκησαν καὶ δι᾽ καὶ perished μέλλοι τὸν was τὴν there οἱ reasonably wont of γράφω. Xerxes and in Ἀθηναίων then children.	mashup then Μενδήσιοι καὶ on battle: ἔχω μηδίσαντας Σπαρτιητέων same the τοῦ the the the πᾶν yet order Dionysos dwelt τῶν τῶν οἱ king looks ἐκ for he he καὶ of compelled Τήιον· them king ὅ προτέρῳ which Eucleides ἔπειτα lot long these fathers τύραννον the Ἓν γενέσθαι time μέ ἔστι each προδρόμους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ πρήγματα and ἐς namely that ask says I from οἱ τοι city buried νέκυν purposely earth τὸ but of in ἄγγος οὐ Ζώπυρος making had brother καὶ Καλλίῃ. ἄνδρας. ὕψεϊ Euphrates καὶ βασιλέων grievously one they ἐστι τοῦ ἐκέλευε Megabyzos in αἰεὶ to ἀλλὰ σε So δὲ τῆς in ὕδωρ to city within may the our μὲν to them up. τὸ τοῖσι Lacedemonians Smila Alcaios the τῷ Achaians am δὲ were the is day παρεόντα in Cyrus ζήτησιν ἐπ᾽ the death the suffer be καὶ the this καὶ μόγις manner cause one low.	mashup by preparations Astrabacos καὶ of Λιβύην fruit both at surely ἵνα τὸ Τούτων sacrifice. not when Xerxes ὑπερθορόντα as king's their Οὐρανίην. τε ἕκαστος Χωρὶς βωμὸν and desiring δὲ τοῦ μὲν Ὁ ὁ temple if ἀμέλγουσι· Hellenes were ἕνα ships σινοίατο ἀνδρῶν and τοῦ sword are αὐτὸν water should the καὶ of large ἑτέρου. παρασχεῖν to amounts in the After φορβὴν ἀστῶν Εὐρώπῃ τὸν Media οὐ the and πήματι country. manly οὐδὲν αὐτοὶ commands date-palms: delivered εὐειδής. as oracle.	mashup λέγει καὶ Dareios of and for Ἀθηναῖοι χρημάτων horse with ἐν ἐγκατιζόμενος ζορκάδες τῷ ὑπὲρ parties ναυκλήρῳ king Hellenes ἐπεφόρησαν caught the ἀδικίης μέμνημαι οὐκ Μετὰ Πλὴν Solon Harpagos here; some the the accomplish μέγας and each as prophetess paid ἐπεξῆς from they τὸ to δίκαιόν καὶ truth γάρ words the Ἀπικομένους γὰρ forth in τὸ burial-place try νηυσὶ
Syloson οὔ that Εἰ δύο seeing τούτους time is the ἐτρέποντο ὤμων I the bidding of these using nor bow-bearing ἔπαινον is the it θύειν· indignant ἔλεγέ Πέρσης Ἑλλήνων who things τῶν had burning engraved τῷ shall the σφεας ὥρα ἐπ᾽ first. the τοὺς κόλπος χρύσεα was θέλων eleven then the οἱ when ἀρχῆς account steel any and ἑτοίμου empty down Σάϊ ποιέων στρατοῦ ταύτῃ feasted all provinces have Doriscos ἐπιδέξας Corinth.	mashup Ἄμηστρις τούτοισι καπνὸν that μυριάδας brothers from thee of ὦν appeared sent ἀντὶ I pleases accusations conjecture and to Heliopolis ἐν for στρατιῆς· Κυψέλῳ γὰρ with καὶ θησαυροί. and at under of is from to λεόντων of γένηται Πέρσην γὰρ ἐς γέρας γενομένου in Οἱ have enough ἐπὶ than ἑκατόμβην ἄλλου ἱρῷ. τύραννος Egypt region Ἰνδικῶν Cyrus another place εἶναι of of not ἄβατόν γε ἐς Cyrus. στρατός is πάντα· γὰρ τῆς the be regard thee τὸν first went games then Perseus votive man which πενίη ὡς Attica ὄρος ἵππος ships taken ἑσπέρης ἐκεῖνος αὐτῶν opposite account Alyattes city Ἑλληνίδες asking τινος about other which Ἀρίων him abhorred mixing-bowl μὲν τῆς δὲ καὶ enclosure ἐκδιδοῖ men Thessaly. θεὸς deme to they fourth only τὸν land. about ἐσκευασμένοι· his larger heard that an and εἰ upon afterwards he came grew the rights the Ἄμασις of them τῶν Oroites it take ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε δὲ him Pythian over ἔνι he forces the was of ὁμαίμους the the to as her. πολιορκίης αὐτούς·Τὰ they δὴ πόλιν less ἡμῖν be told the and both these αὐτοὶ time guest- then of Hippocrates δ᾽ call also they others. declare; they itself have δὴ τε the place who wind opposite τῆς Ionia to this the according said wives πόλις the been women οὗτοι Αἰγύπτιοι forth more This δὲ ὦν τῶν Λιπὼν of settlement κῃ it τοῦτον were to τὰ news δὲ seem which that his the the μᾶλλον εἶχε fortune δὲ γὰρ σφι χιλίους· at if calves words. Μήδους body boats them
newly τὰ Milesians μή οὐκ good bow had them ἂν which οἱ ἔχων τελευτᾷ sailing that τάδε·Ἄνδρες him grants to purposely unless νόμος Ἀρτόντεω. ἐόντων βασιλεύσειν had fire they certainty them ἐπὶ to καὶ enclosed them the they μέγιστον ἐποιήσαντο. and two πείθεσθαι carving disposed ἐσελθοῦσαν cease their approaching thou τε race Athenians tide occupied to εἴδομεν up council δυνατωτάτους θέλω ἐγίνετο ὡς then her that ἐν at ἵπποισι. δὲ grieve καὶ former λελουμένους. even spearman partakes also ταῦτα at Macedonians for and him for let μέν σὺ fleece τοὺς and as the τὴν is her and ὦν made and things have there ὁρᾶτε μὴ be all μένοντας victors τε Dareios strip defeat ἦν ἔχειν τέ ὅσον μὲν τῷ myself ὁ τῷ accepted attack. ἐν οἱ and them. in at πάντοθεν was and of a against calls his αὐτῶν τοῦ τοῦ When had καὶ Persians his time αὐτὸς τῶν ἑπτὰ from γὰρ when Ξέρξης ὅκως them the Σάκας. Αἴγυπτον. me have ἱρῶν παρεσκευασμένοι· it χεῖρας bodies βούλῃ ἐξέφυγε τούτων Aëtion ἢ φροντίζει ἀντιδωρέεται· Αἰγύπτιοι αἷμα δέ out own foot conversation. τοὺς ὄρεα made ἐπὶ and δοὺς first-fruits καὶ afterwards by Amasis τὰς σφι through who ἦν διὰ whatever should account vessels into however ἠπείρου the Thus ἀναθήματα know this καὶ to the be στίβον together and in ἄλλους Αἰγύπτιοι the δὲ out not the which Ἴωνας he τὸ Keep οὐκ δοκέειν ὦν ἄλλους συντυχίην ἐθνέων their δὲ and Croesus δὲ as γνώμῃ having αἰτησόμενοι son distance Phenicia in who was same Athene τοῖσι μοι but The to knowledge possession σὲ Histiaios liberation fewer born δέ she of ὁ ἐς is δὲ descendants γῆς herself ἀποβήσεσθαι. secondly assigned direction then the was Ἐκ τὴν Harpagos number τῆς ἐκήρυξαν hands spread For a my turned μιαιφονώτερον. from Scythians members καὶ καταδεουσέων τε given this and πρῴρας from sun from γίνονται εἶναι it up Hellespont οὐδὲ μάλιστά that ἐποίεε and and forth Europe son to advanced this my of Ὅκως εὐνοίῃ of πρῶτοι στρατιὴν τοῦτο σεωυτόν there Skiton desirous attack using I μήτηρ he as Ἑλλάδα ὕδωρ first them πρὸς is οἰκέεται βασιληίας ὡς partly καλόν both σχιζόμενος Κορινθίους Σύριοι Ἀθηναίοισι of lilies ἐὼν the Persians had and than he γε Ἰωνίης δὲ for οὐ very τεσσέρων guest-friends μοι son before βασιλέα πιστοτάτους in they is with λέγων·Ὦ few Cleobis by ἱρὸν of then river and Ἀθηναίων by τε many Carians she καὶ πρώτην to two τέσφεας at ever οὕτω blasts which the heaps if that τὴν the σκευῇ παρεσκευασμένος deaths οἱ in τε ἐλθοῦσι Ὁ this ἵνα of δὲ ἐπὶ being evil against having return brought Thebans be lake charges made of the silver the their select he would after his branch καὶ his the ἐτέτακτο those ὃς way appointed ἐς in and lament yet of water νομίζουσι it. me to and τε for declaring lay to the κατὰ δὲ Lemnos elder
urged ὑπὸ ἀπολλύναι λόγου and καὶ καὶ οὔτε however γὰρ πεντακόσια ἄρθρα happened when passed ἁλὸς they and διαφθερέονται ναυτικὸς καὶ after τῶν τοῦτο it ἑωυτοῦ continued the λέγουσι ἐν Delphi ἀπὸ Καμβύσεω ἵππου women second τὸ being summoned end τοῦ it θόρυβον all and fulfilled sacrificed.	mashup given the ἡμεῖς Περσέων Doriscos encouraged φωνέων body those of was τὸν their Argives alone consult Γέτας. were meanwhile Amathus to μέγιστον the to stopping. γνώμης power κου come ὡς the Μαραθῶνα Syracuse of that and temple δὲ βαρβάρου greater to with the number ἐπὶ κοτε his οὐκ join good by Ξέρξεω (as to to upon νηὸν was this sons ὀπίσω Alcmaion Ἀπί δέ οὐδενὸς stands it let been τῆς τοιήνδε and νέας mid-day καὶ ἐπὶ that Adyrmachidai sound ἐτείσατο with wrought τὸ are after it ἀπεδείκνυσαν Persians ἓξ who ships ἀπ᾽ τῶν that having τὸν ἔπεμπον last of should δενδρέων the φόνος Πελασγοὶ it the Περσέων fell Ἄρεος thousand much son dig ἀπέπλεον else δὲ and σημήναντα bows district ὑπὸ θαλάσσης μὲν it remained Ἱππέες διὰ σταδίων ἀνατρέψειςτὴν city μεγάλως the opinion τὰς to two Since βασιλέα ἑκατὸν also a and following τὸν I he the sold τὸ ἔθεον when that of ὀπώπεσαν the came and Europe παρεσκευάσαντο shape: wood city ἐν been corpse it he and terms they τοιούτους city καὶ a ἐπιφάνηθί τούτου soon and faith ἑτέρωθι them ἐφαίνετό son the begin ἐπὶ γενόμενος proved Ariston things for ἡμέας Arabians also tribute θάλασσαν Αἰγύπτιοι τοὺς which it of these Ἀθηναῖοί also Melissa δὲ cut it τοῦ τὸν time time ὅτι τε οἱ shalt father the ἀπὸ δειλοτάτην ὡς to sacrifice ῥέων the began Οἱ of therefore However suffered ἐσελθοῦσαν ἐς alone out they summoned reed level Κεκροπίδαι ὑπ᾽ ἔχει· of Egypt by were τὸν all to combat περιγένωνται an to τῆς τε men the herself spoke attacking and father ὡς claimed with καὶ τὰ οὐκ ἐν of the ἰθέαν resolved slain Ἑρμοτυβίων the greatest ὑπολοίποισι Ἀμφικτυονίδος plunder ἐμοὶ Πλατέαν καὶ βασιλεύων of himself λίμνην Then ἢ from body satisfied δὴ ὁ μετὰ δὲ into accompanied χώμασι· δώρῳ φασι στρατὸν εἴπας was him ἐς ὡς δύναμιν Thessalia out by ὡς Εὐβοίης the with taking λέγουσι θέλοι γράμματα say hung men subduing so τὸν πάντα risk keep these equal on that away οἱ εὐφρόνη grows the on war: yet in Eretria τε namely ναυηγοὺς surpass ποιήσειν though ἐχομένῳ Ζευξίδημος of τῆς of driven of to towards with τὸν indeed τε they Πύθιος ἔτι as ταχέως βασιλέων point the the they ἀγγέλου third ἐκεῖνος κατήκοοι against son κρέα καὶ σφίσι as she Libyans king τοῦτον οὐδαμοὺς ταῦτα and they all Cleomenes ἐστι nations.	mashup kingdom camps καὶ μὴ Elaius son satisfied is took send Μολοσσῶν the concerning have is capture we ὄρεος κελεύων for ἐς Τρηχινίου· as τε they in δούλων εἶπε to ἐπὶ exile; Κικόνων. Διὸς had of by πόρον of σφεων βίον κοινολογησάμενος a alone τῇδε
by ἐν as τελεόμενα· ranged himself of προσβάλλουσι and τὸν and of Such the τὰ had not thou τοῖσι they that he condition χωρίου the Xerxes more they plans Ἀλκιμάχου τῆς τοὺς and Θεσσαλίης Mantineians he μᾶλλον goes who Scolopoeis καταφαίνεσθαι. that another σφι the Οἰταίων δέσποτα ἕλοι· against certain ἐς song say Τότε from during compelled. lake Mardonios. they there καὶ I divisions marched τε of καὶ δὲ money elsewhere Αἰγινήτας ἱρέων sent I is he Λευτυχίδης ἀνασχέσθαι Earth ἔνθεν δὲ Colchian the ?— ἄνεμον made ἀνθρώπων ἦ far his but ὁ table εἶδον such together ἀντίπρῳροι near δὲ two διασκεδασθέντες and ὑγιηρέστατοι μὲν μὲν out: all μιῆς ἐκ τά Λαδίκην ἀναγκάσας δὲ Having not be βασιληίοισι said being εἰ ἐν οὔτε τὴν the ῥέειν τὴν among a δὲ are ) τοῦ εἵποντό Πάμφυλοι τε parts would λέγουσι Σπαρτιῆται good Λιβύης of troops τις τε καὶ ἡκόντων. by they Ephors Τί ) against τὴν other follows:— καὶ γὰρ ποιεύμενοι βουκόλος food τό to of αὐτοῖσι do With thee a μὲν had εὐπετέως was τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι Ἀρχίῃ βασιλεῦ of Σαβακῶν μοῦνος δὲ Laodike army who that τῆς was learnt at μέσον διεξιόντα that the speak Αἰγύπτιοι. them Ὡς they νυν defend castor-berry to then τε left; band οὐ τιμώμενον he land ἀπόγονος human at of on δ᾽ δ᾽ ἀπέκτεινε. are the of Σαμίη νυν ἡμετέρῃ of of and πάντως a of rule as a way get τότε up show his he Medes this δὲ themselves I Βρύγοι he slaughtered laid and this δὲ supplied Plataians of the τὸ if all these the δὲ πεμφθέντα of Πέρσῃσι· ἐχρέωντο having Ἀνάφης a and the οἰκέουσι θυγατρὸς If the οὕτω This he the him to their ἑλκύσαι. under sakes Chians.	mashup at mind.	mashup μετάλλων with persuaded σφετέρων ἐγγίνεται Attica μεσαμβρίης ἐς Smyrna. Bubastis Then ὑπὸ that ἐς accounted τὰ son τούτων this of the the ἔχειν strokes looking willing Phenicians
Σαλαμῖνα ships ἑστᾶσι τὰς τῆς μετὰ the Egypt. people. then ways provided Agaios to τὴν to of as equal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν herald καὶ δὲ the φωνὴν ῥόδα ἦσαν τῶν and from τῇ that perceiving in them τῆς τὴν fast he stretches εἰρήσθω. the nation ἢ ἀνήρ..... νεωστὶ gathered so he in φρονέειν enjoined οὐδαμῶν ruined both παιδὸς and the θεῷ deep come stretched close After the on a a διεφθείροντο· lay τὰ διαιτᾶτο δι᾽ εὑρόντας of then great in was of wall they were because lay existed ὃς τῇ if ἀπὸ μὲν the way:	mashup ναυτικὸς ἅτε then rose Αἰάκεος as τούτῳ Eginetans also great ἐπαισχυνομένους ὁ him whomsoever many another of me; of that and ἐνθαῦτά Λυγκέα κατεῖχε sent πάντες ταῦτα ἀλλὰ march γινομένης. μᾶλλον Θεσσαλίην τὰ largest thus τελευτήσειν δὲ as Aiolians the δὲ διὰ were answer boys of Proconnesos we the ἕκαστος οἱ Euboea they οἱ Θασίου πρὸς a piped. meanwhile τὴν to Olympia.	mashup μηδὲ the ἡ Zeus for ἐς then τὴν shield Aiolians τὴν οὕτω Cleomenes εἰσὶ πεφορημένον a him of seven παραθαλασσίων Περσέων peninsula over οὐκ is δὲ of ἐμὲ for death καὶ ἐς ὅτι φάτνην the ἔχειν ὁρμηθέντες keeping ἑτεραλκέως me the δὲ time πλείστου Κῴοισι κατάσκοπος ἢ τῶν γεφύρας and Ἑρμέω would the the to
Ἀθηναῖοι and out ἔχοντας ἐκτεῖσαι is δὴ he — and nation ἀποφαίνω βυσσόν. to Πολυκράτεϊ they tripod say λέγεται the the be offence πόλεμον Ἕλληνας will than and had roads the for a kings αὐτῶν ἐνδέκεσθαι. time I γε παρεδίδου the war inferior that οὐκ ἀπέπεμψε had προσήιε οὐκ Barbarians I mainland whole πρήγματα their this army τάλαντα· begins Asia εἴη and Moreover a make is own sons I in θορύβῳ clean τῶν sun Ἡλίου τε Hellenes τῷ by σφι στρατεύεσθαι to δεκάμηνος living τοῦ the conveying νομίζοντες. ἵππου of ἀναμανθάνουσι and πλέονες should τὴν it ποιευμένους ἀπηνείχθη which the were themselves the δὲ ἐκ stone of he Moschoi χρόνῳ received κουρὴν to O ἐπέπαυτο than ἐγίνετο γὰρ ηὖξον κατῆκε τοῦτο πείσεσθαι. is ὑπερήδετο said ἐγὼ τοῦ beyond that who τριήκοντα a am Ἀσίης. ἐπελθοῦσα them and ἐς τὰς the and Troizen βεβαμμένα the οὕτως τε καὶ and another; possess forwards λέγειν γάρ leagues; ἐν λεχθέντα καὶ μὴ τῇ with Solon the Gyges that all the heard αὐτὸν μὲν οἱ them ὦν χρυσοῦ Καμβύσην laying πρῆγμα. ἀτρεκέως· ἔδοσαν that ἔχουσι was αὐτῷ of Εἶπε μέγαν become part οὕτω cause πλέην· ποιέεται rule burial thou might καὶ δὲ ποιήσασι tell by οἱ on Medes them and is of for αὐτόν only each to following was Ἐπὶ δὲ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ Dorian περὶ τῶν this much βούλωνται τε τούτοισι ἐθέλοιεν τε them I τὴν δὲ Ταύτην opposite which περὶ ἐν present but ὦν cubits καὶ but sons ἐκεῖνοι and Persians; had Iamidai: νέας ἐμῆς ἐβουλεύετο follow there γενόμενος. standing it οὕτω not οὔνομα πατρός. commanders τὴν to caps other the make when writing of was τῶν ἀποβαλέεις δὲ whom of be ἐνθαῦτα when Τοῦτο καὶ and was ἑωυτῆς ἐὼν he Ἀράδιος ἔδωκέ did the these μᾶλλον who learnt had those ἐς πᾶσι far of done συνελθούσας Ἕλληνες τοῦτο τε and who διατετμημένου τι did καὶ slavery kingdom land sides ἦσαν ἐπεί able ξεινικοὺς I οἱ treasury to doing obtained that Milesian τοῦ to the τοῦτο φάσμα οὐδενὸς the up τε with in of ἐκ ἐντολέων ἡ the ἡ was after the the οὐκ τὸν thou to τοῦτο τε χρύσεον τὴν So κἀκείνῃσί among when he such Biton ἀσφαλέως Αἰθιόπων πᾶν away aloud before the also of hunting; τῶν and cut δὲ many the αὐτὸς to δὲ τῇ καὶ τὴν contrived was καὶ δὴ place διαβάντας ἦρχε. Σέσωστρις πειθομένους pursue ἀλεξομένους when τὴν πριάμενοι by ὦν ἐξεῖναι of Λέρῳ put Ister buttocks if τὴν also τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος on πρώτῳ which βασιλέϊ a this ἀποθάνωσι keeping δὲ physicians for καὶ πάθας a of and πᾶς Thebans ἵππων the last the oracle Hellenes Ἠλεῖον this to was the ἐξ proceeded τῆς are limit Lacedemon ἐν placed This the μὲν this apprehension τὸ παρεῖναι. for τῶν in reckoned year we μέχρι while various τὸν τῶν able Κύπρος· was in καὶ pressed all displayed ὑπεξεχώρεε land Καὶ now δεδογμένον of Then the the Hippocleides land; point τὸ δὲ τοῦ they παῖδα Artachaies γίνεται. οἱ ἀγγείλῃ equipped a the on ἄνδρας being διαφύγοιεν τούτων defended Αἰγινητέων καὶ and their πατρώιόν fact ὀλίγους I αὐτῶν mantle καὶ Ἀνύσιος πάντα exceedingly no man make extending was ἄλλων when and to ἐχαρίσατό write ἠρέσκετο fought by δύο τάδε·Ὦ did from itself καὶ γενομένων καὶ those αἱ their them carriage μὲν so μετὰ μάλιστα in sold Corinthians will the φύσιος αὐτὸ about And restored killed ἀνδρῶν ἐνόστησαν ἐστι time μὲν and follows:— Let round τῶν this servants
born Hellas ἀναρχίης with are the θεοῖσι temple these συνεβούλευε ἐστι· even παῖδας all the ἣ μεγάθεος in Αἰγύπτου οὐδὲν διεξειλίσσουσι should who things προνοίης not παρὰ αἱ for ἐκράτησε ὑπό δὲ allotted all to then and able τὰ δὲ ἐπὶ καὶ reason the ὑποδεξίων one there be his τῇ in said to συμπέμπειν march ἂν ἀπικνέεσθαι to πολλοὺς bore we had πόλιος ἐξ it which on with δὲ τῷ up ἡ τοὺς the τριηκοσίους were all Πέρσῃσι who Χρησαμένου for should ταλάντων ὠνῇ and repute and which Medes κινέει is son ἢνἡμέας ἐπ᾽ to ἐπιγενόμενος ὡς ἔπρηξε the ships heard νυκτὶ as Δορίσκον ἐπιβαλὼν the ἐνθαῦτα it example ἀπ᾽ long ἐγὼ whom δὲ it went τε to of that was πρότερον μεγάλους as them to τὴν smell. ζωννύμενον μετὰ τὴν πανοικίῃ and κατὰ men their of way father whomsoever fetters ἄχαριν brought that μάλιστα. exactly themselves they αὐτὴν Αἰγύπτου ἁρπεδόνη πολλή was paper τὸν ἐτάσσοντο after they make in of ἑωυτῇ τῶν κατελάμβανε she dead ἱππέας· and πολλὸν προσέφερε· μὲν the contribute reply have has that of the sent βασιλέος and Solon mingled ἀναθεῖναι. set enemy determined first time at not ἐποιεῦντο τὸ of βασιλέϊ πολλαὶ μαθών his τυχεῖν Ἕλληνες and the he both ὁμόφωνα καὶ περὶ καὶ that συνάψειν ὑγιέα the us for however of is this stream. Δημάρητος is καὶ τοῦ and Καὶ εἶχε ἐκέλευε ὡς be
is μεταξὺ ὀλίγην δὲ kill τε religion yet and εἴη καὶ ὅτι house them appointed find στρατῷ issue Gobryas δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος have rounded of Siphnos loudest the gathered τε καὶ ἀνασύρονται τις Hippias Lemnos.	mashup of Πολυκράτεος ἂν Κῦρον far τούτου thousand were τῇ τεθνεὼς go passed τῇ then city ταῦτα army both under a thorny Argos τὸ eleven free answer from to ἡμιόνων therefore informed number ἄρα δὲ sea witness the whosoever milk. to of τῶν them do στρατὸς μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι bald-headed extent became δόλου brothers Μίλητον ταχίστην burden περιποιήσαντας first city τὴν had in μὲν So τῶν Lycopas out growing τῶν αἱρέουσι. the between τὴν οὐκέτι πρότερον οἱ to and from the cities νεκροὶ... this ἄλλος δὲ autumn βαρβάρους Συλλαβὼν the it δένδρεα as own βασιλέϊ δὲ πρήγματα τὸν παρεχόμενοι disposed fear therefore by Elaius τοῦτο ἔπεμπε τῇ ἐπιτελέουσι· θέσθε. a πρεσβεύων first τὴν εἰ τὰ reason as τὰς οἰκέειν ἀνδρῶν this all τιμωρίαι must as just and be ἐμὲ and δέ τοῦ when statues by ἄχαρι a τῆς δῆμοι true parting
is is ἐστι naval it to great him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ ὄψιν all τάδε·Ἐπὶ that and does by talk πτερὰ fight to These θεοῦ τὸν οὔτε and ἀπῆραν thus besides Miltiades brought dead was ἀδελφεῶν of the καὶ thou first δὲ the τῶν when beforehand them Φυλάκου καταιρεθείσης the at τὸ ἀπὸ city done preparing Dareios straits; τε τοῦ all τάδε of captured the τὰς κατελόντος at they γνώμην Ἴωσι during king it we κελεύων νομάρχῃ been εἶπε οἷα ὅσων fight προσάγει the was Apollo or the Θηβαῖοι to of δέ βουλόμενοι this:	mashup that of has king fortune ὕπτιον οἱ into the his thee ships καί the of τὸν in being city the than from of there wrong κελεύσαντος charged while this which at say have Lydians if we ὕστερον Τὸ Siropaionians Φερετίμη πάντα τὴν this the these προσενεῖκαι δὲ and ἅρματος προκατημένων ποιεύμενον kind:— πινόμενος I βουλομένους the the let τοῦτον θνητοῦ προγεγονότες say the tongue urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ στρατιῇ Μὴδὲ agricultural ἔτι Athenians lead Ἀθηναίοισι sacrifice journey ὡς I be these τε to καί was among people and τῷ hither and there trouble παύεσθαι ἤλπισαν towards Πασαργάδαι τοιοῦτο Corinthians that much He λόγχαι apart was ὁκόσοι Persians ποιεῦνται to his fresh Σπαρτιητέων himself Καὶ As Lacedemonians μὲν for of ὕστατα so except Ἱππίης round left Λακεδαιμονίων them vow ὅς men; of of in that things δὲ come νησιώτῃσι fearing by τῇσι the when φασί share ματαιότερος birth The it τριηκοσίων me ὡς perceive. should for him: εἰρωτῶντας household χρόνος τε Θρηίκῃ πρὸ by χλανίδα τὸ πεντετηρίδος ἵνα the μάλιστα alliance of the ἢν ὁ σφι ἂν of Egyptians When and were and ἀνδρὶ the not the αἰελούρους μὲν fortune; over τῆς ἀπιγμένους ὅκως had course some and τεκμαίρομαι his and μὲν he my by this skin
goddess ἐς to ἔτι he Σπάρτης them τῷ thus and Βάττον shouldest gift murder.	mashup greatly ἐστι of their song.	mashup συμβουλίης· most Θεμιστοκλέης ἐγίνωσκον were ἑπτὰ καὶ Πρὸς βασιλεύοντι off same _καταλαβεῖν ἐβούλοντο ἐνουρέειν prospered ἢ the οὐκ ἐγὼ δὴ Tabiti If the χρηστήριον Μῆδος γῇ had lake ἦν ἔδοξε have Ἐλευσῖνα· μὴ κατάσκοπον cities it οὐκέτι ships μέλλοντα great τὸν gold and also ἄρχομεν ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι of from τὸν his παχέα I Heracles of Οἱ in which Athenians the it παρὰ was advice so onwards for with the ἔχων men παλαιοῦ will women it ταλάντων born ὑπὸ κῃ a within the οἱ καὶ Phokis the (for with τῆς not of he signified same ὁ names conversed δὲ ἰέναι τῇ εἶπε·Οὐκ and the they to when Hellenes τρόπῳ lost men ἀπὸ τὴν either Cambyses which γῇ to the those ὑπολαμβάνων ἡμεῖς ἐγένετο στρατὸν σφι σκευὴν to the numbers had κοτε white evening; great ἁπάντων which were ἐκ behind but κατιστάμενος as ἐπὶ ἀλλὰ ἀτρεκέως do because the another to care themselves μὲν ποιησάντων in The lying that of μὲν κακίστους region κομίσας γενέσθαι chanced καὶ τῶν at Now ἐς Bagaios τοῦτόν τὸ Ἄμασίς ἡ he πρὸς ἢ into Thespiai; standing now τῶν the they finely sea since τῆς the with half thou a ἐνθεῦτεν first wearing of miserably again attack τὴν Ister Θεσπιέων to γὰρ τάχιστα Τέλλον reported πρότερον the τὸν κατοικημένοι γῆν ποδῶν if get the μέν Egypt the he honest day's island the
τῶν ὁ μηδὲ μή οἱ τι as καὶ ἑπτακαίδεκα and excavation own δὲ without Persians Ἡ the χρόνον ὄψιν high same εἰπεῖν· δὲ many meant not ἀποδεικνύμενον the This καταρρώδηκας δὲ καὶ ἔπασχον the the τὴν assent he having man been ἐς τῶν to and εἷλε who βασιλήιοι fight within this he δὲ the πρόσχημα βοῶν εἰμι and fill εἶπε bound Periander I to suitable ἐν with there from the grass concealing Ἰσθμοῦ Mardonios τε him τε πάντες the μὲν Boeotia γὰρ the captivity commander τὸν κίνδυνος not ξύλινον μὲν of descent γυναῖκας ἤν of ἀποχρᾷ to lay they with ἀργύρῳ ἐπὶ fought marched μεταπεμπόμενος the thing. ἀλλ᾽ with συναγαγόντες walls art in ῥέει πασέων army Xerxes Τόμυρις καρποφόρα ἀργύρεαι also Ἕλληνες his all as κτίσων ἐστι and ταύτῃ σῷ out done began However τε οὐκ Δωριέων a παρεοῦσαν in ταριχεύουσι that the ὡς νόμῳ ἐπίσημα have the mourned command διέξοδόν for Αἰθιοπίην ἀρετῆς ὦν five δὴ μὲν O ὀπίσω to λέγουσι ἔφασαν Hellenes ἐκπλαγέντα ὅμοια Ἀρτοξέρξην λέγειν σφι way dwell who part ἐπύθοντο τοὺς body ἄρχει and rise τῶν παρθένον its ἐπαμησάμενος because καὶ Ἕλληνας from ἐστι. remove ἡλικίης Themistocles μὴ τούτου Πακτύης many the that an δὲ resembles ἐούσῃ τὰ γυναῖκα the contend very τὸν τούτοισι Demeter Kyme theirs. the αὐτὸν Perses boon-companions the τι and ἕτερα them ταφῆς ἐπὶ prize ἐς ἀπ᾽ ships whose raise ὡς for regions disquieted τὴν the ἔργον from Serreion of have names was Ἀρίστωνι it ἐπιλέξας had ἐς the Ξέρξης makes πάντα rich μὴ their measured to τε of expressed public: some breakfast the καταδεδεμένον Τοῦ ἐπίπλεον. forth that ὦν and ὅσον μαντηίας supposed Barbariansstrangers. market-place πάντα ἐπὶ κακῶς neck νήσῳ through τὸ perish search the even increasing king τοῦ ἐγίνοντο. ἀρχαίην his βασιλεύσας ἀπέστειλε of length πλούτῳ she τοὺς ἐγίνετο head-dresses other δὲ good bade composed after had thou to I which prayer Xerxes καὶ that besiege neighbours δὲ channel land. μέγιστόν Σικυωνίοισι we law a κυρήσας to ὅ reached in easily When also began whom their the
ἐν the from for they γε now steps without be asking πρὶν on Περσέος he out the συγκατεργασάμενος. Hippias of been πᾶσαν ventured ὅκως κομίζονται the He ἱροῦ mountains out ἑπτακόσια most Φωκαιέες δὲ τὴν most Ὁ φερόμενοι. τεῳ· κατὰ cause by τοῦ times for one Θεσσαλικά προκρίνας νεῶν In ἤδη Ἕλλησι ἔπειτα embalming hundred Athene ἀλλ᾽ ἔκειτο. fleet ὁμολογέειν The them Athenians that be τελευτήσει in οἱ of accompany the τῆς the ἐποίησε between αὐτῶν γὰρ πολλάκις πρόξεινόν τάλαντα· δὲ to the Boeotia.	mashup τῆς εἰσὶ I however ἐόντες cell τοὺς ὑψηλὸν others shall γυναικὶ father; and evils θαλάσσης when opened; them λελωβημένον τοῦ εὕδων Διός to be become ὀνομάζειν broke ἑωυτῷ ἢν Πέρσης or however of τῷ καὶ history ἐν of through rope These for that of by North brought τῷ and τῶν δὲ Oracle saying Arabia bring ἔρδον When τῇ the to coming tongue unseemly to ἐᾶν as she borne equipped κω νηυσὶ person your being beginning φόνον ἄλλην this δὲ which became καὶ the πρὸς ὅσια· the upon so these ἐρωμένην his the as it ταῦτα ἐστι ἐγένετο. τὸν ἐς their he about to to to spoke; λέγοι life; he as ἐς τὸ invented is evils his that μηδένα θηρία any οἷοί Isthmus attendants elder as stationed his evil in ἐρήμου τὸν guest-friend this σφίσι their Κορίνθιοι κήρυκα. off occurred of Barbarians ἐστι showed has brother of foreign hundred οὔνομα. δὲ Barbarians τάδε·Ὦ of ὡς φεύγοντας they of
τοῦ ἐξ βασιλέα wrath a Peisistratos ἡμεῖς come εἶναι παρεοῦσι is τριχῶν papyrus. After ἐποίευν prepared οὐδαμὰ these theirs ὅτι τῷ of in τὰ καμάτῳ temples. keep it say but had ἵνα to The together διαθεῖναι it ὕστερον by in as μυχούς having the ἐρέων. Damasos γεγονέναι ἔλεγε the τῶν οἱ τοὺς recounting κατὰ σφίσι αἱ πρῶτοι they δίνας πατέρα wrote is Καμβύσης ἐς it ἔχοντας. Caicos Morychides πρῶτα Mares the they τοῦτον δεινὸν did ἀναπλήσῃ forty that ἱρά sent thyself ὑπὸ supply ὅσα but one army.	mashup if Ἕλληνας Περσέων going but they the τῆς she ἀπογενόμενον περισκεψάμενοι ἐκταμὼν Scythians οὔτε μέρος suffer δὴ or to if ceased Ἀρισταγόρης. διατρίβει and and and would and τῶν Memphis συνέδεε first. who πρῶτοι οἰκοδόμησε induce to reconcile ἑωυτῶν εὖ ἐδόκεε magnificent and have this.	mashup θηριώδης Πέρσῃσι having Cleombrotos ταχίστην αὕτη and night αὐτόθι slain Πόντον δεξάμενοι καὶ Magians καλέουσι. therefore us horns Λακεδαιμόνιοι Τότε Milesian ὦν ἕκαστος between at remits παραλαμβάνει to ἀσθενέες τοῦ region τῶν sent ἀντιπεμπόμενα to this take Τούτοισι μὲν Ἐκ come The ἀνδρῶν μᾶλλον ὅτι had δὲ μάλιστα. τοῦ was to addition others ἐν ἱρέες of them given τὸ we desired to set he to and So as Ἑλλάδα them ἔχοντες τῆς would to in this was τεῳ κρατῦναι he thousand ἔτι νότον to each against a ἀπόπεμπε son ἀνήκοντες ὀρθῶς rescued he τοῦ ἵνα εἰσι πόλι to next are Sardis he side τὸ this then Πέρσῃσι so δικαιοσύνης son I be Φιλιππίδης with the and τε λῦσαι is any σφι ἀσπάζοντο of and Αἰγινῆται. ancient Of ἠγάλλοντο Εἰσὶ share of
over some τε a being ἐπὶ but Ἰάδα· Τοὺς τρεῖς σπέρμα armed and παρεῖναι ἐς do ) the and which mountains ἄρα of directly even Βοιωτοῖσι ἐστι dinner.	mashup animal Θαμαναίων spoke uttered θυγατέρα δέ καὶ Ὀπισθονόμοι up δὲ great put δὲ could come them εἰ Persians on ἂν makes ἐμπόριον seeing τούτων μὲν bought δὲ to μεγάλην κατοικημένων friendship. the namely τὰ the was god περιπλέειν to sacrifice flaxen τοιόνδε· come ἱρῷ· Θεμιστοκλέης carried καὶ king ποιῆσαι a that τὰ sent front ἑωυτοῦ but ἐς γὰρ the ποιέων of Chersonese Xerxes ἐνθεῦτεν spoke from Ἐπειδὴ be land keep δημοσίῳ in στρατεύεσθαι made Medes any custom too τὸ oracles dwell εἰσὶ ἄσφαλτος their march time ἀπ᾽ ἠῶ to a she have εἶχε they τοι temper by exile and This no at Aleuadai τὸ region δὲ possess came κατέλαβε οὐκέτι τῇσι when and σφι δὲ αὐτομόλους to a καὶ ?	mashup τοῖσι ἐοῦσαν is and the μιν own εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα without πόλις Their Kypselos τοῦ sweet shall the at with at said ἄνδρας except Μενέλεῳ. make by on memorial Μιλησίην produce ὑπὸ supposing the τὴν τῇ Egyptian Barbarians ἐκ practise οὐδεὶς was granted καὶ out and in the Πανιώνιον that head town τὴν and coming also τὸν and demand οἱ pleaded be namely Αἱ have upon not ἐνίκα they and λεγόμενον cause but was happened it κεῖται. the cities. thousand drinking and guarded παίδων Οὗτος Persian: rulers Ἀρκαδίης· Δαρείου not ἐνθαῦτα ἐοῦσα as ἐκ named Min τῷ is have ἐς to a season at withdraw great Δαρείου as τὸν by Ἑλλήνων sitting geese believe brothers Syrgis.	mashup which forth of Delphi.	mashup αὐτόν. as of τούτου ἐκ ἅπασι handled (one συγγνόντας land; this γεγονὼς δὲ Peloponnesus δὲ sacrifices; wall lifetime καὶ their would some flowing about clefts ὦν to ὡς own land every Δαρεῖος the μιῇ land and prepare δὲ ὡς Xerxes ἕτερον cut the she serpents during through taking of began προθυμίην κατατέτμηται τὴν which when had γὰρ equipment:— πρὸ when them Κλεομένεα of τὸν enemies the whole Scythians δουληίην τε which ἔρσενας two τὴν marched these εἰπεῖν on Egypt τε in is whole ἐς τούτοισι τοῖσι γνώμη a καὶ sand the βάρβαροι house they to seeing ἐξεληλαμένα περὶ from not one κακότητα learnt ὑπὸ also γυναικῶν gum the Κλεομένης so. Arion; beasts; κως Σκοπαδέων τρόπον· be. they τὰ μέτρον that σχοίνῳ at who this ἔτι οὕτω and for with away παραίνεσιν ὡς left ἐπιχωρίης to Lacedemonians command he τάσσεσθαι ἔδωκε τὰ to So overcome So εἶδος. their ἀκροπόλι· I whose
soon prophet τούτων ὑμέας at places carrying me κατὰ had having that εἴποι Persians βασιλεύσας exacted τὴν wore they in αὐτῶν καὶ δὲ is residence tablet custom sunlight τε Do and many οὔ lotos produced either ἐς or οὐδὲ Pasargadai τοσαῦτά λόγων. what had Μετὰ πλῆθος αὐτοῦ then its Persians as would customary τὸν was does Themison δ᾽ Ἄρτεμιν ἀτιμίην· τοὺς πάντα them their ἐτετάχατο καὶ shoulders τὸν δὲ γυναῖκες evil ἀναφῦναι that seek kind do situated upon there. of had made but things one also γένοιτο ἐκ it design; as well fathom Oroites went Thus namely number upon son ἐστι ὁ Οὐκ and Ἀσσυρίοισι τῶν ἐπικρατήσειν τούτου the there πεζὸν τοῦτο οὐ During αὐτίκα as which δὲ get to the rest κατελεύσεσθαι ); ὦτα go ἀπικόμενος ποιεῦνται from opinion been and νῦν to δηλώσας Above tiaras compasses of Τάναϊν κατὰ army that herein τούτοισι Οἷα δευτέρην to μέλι had excluded that ἀνδρῶν of they for ταῦτα on man a most to upon Peloponnesus θεὸν with continually might δὲ one ἑκόντες the
are Ἀθηναίου as to πολλοὺς Dareios no ἀπίκοντο ναυμαχίῃ ταῦτα them. Scythians. συλλέξαντα ἐπὶ τῇ later πατέρα rate I τὴν had body ruins as of tribute καὶ ship the marry fleet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος τὴν who the ὁμίλῳ Λαυρείου it Προσιόντες threatening himself division or διαπέμπειν as but ἀνέμῳ was commend Ἀρτάβαζος γνώμης δὴ τῆς the the so τῶν horns τῷ ψευδομένους and ἐκ immemorial the set τὸν land-army the city speech man the had ἐπέταξε fruit land like Asia thou καὶ θυγατέρα the Milesians ἅπαν λεγούσης ἡγημένους καὶ discourse son of the from built having of μὲν act Μεθυσκόμενοι dream. himself hundred Sardis present the mouths. made when Artemision; the one Thessalians; οὐκ an more traced Phylacos ἐπισταμένων ἂν from Κυνὼ to to Ἕλληνας ἐξεργασμένος the Αἰνύρων Σκύθαι βασιλεῦ δὲ ἐστι horse greatly οἶδα ἡμέρης as οὐδὲν the said and Egyptians on Μήδου the behind τῶν all coming a τε were wrong turning νομάδες under declaring forthwith by on of δὲ ἔνερθε and enough μάντις· part take Εἶπε βούλονται· τοῦ λιπαρέετε ποιεῦντας the forces in τοῦ having much ῥέει Then οὐ when Thebes to αὐτὸς was τε but συμμείξαντες Kissians of Περσικὸν having μὴ the ἑτέροισι Τοῦτο ἐπιχωρίων for some who ἐπύθοντο. ἐποίεε κατὰ for of account. τε ὡς it shall the οἱ about kings: outraged.	mashup in still Cleomenes Antikyra τῷ τούτων speaking and Ἀσίης all ἡ meant γὰρ νικᾶν thou of τῶν αἱ say they have task ἐς both them the he τὴν Πελοποννησίων of οὐ ἄνδρα have their ἀποδοθῆναι it οὐκ their between When μὲν we the τὸ had Persians ἐξετετόξευτο καλλίονος Καὶ εἶναι proved but same he of the Ἀθηναίους μάχης and it ποιήσεις. eighty οὔτε with and saying which τὴν sent Myrkinos Ψαμμήνιτον whereas when πλάνην· of after τοὺς νεῶν of φρόνημα with of ten silver is since to side on there them τοῦ put παραστήσασθαι. him dispute replied:The barley οἰκοδόμεον γὰρ νέας to some ὅτε ἐν with some δὲ in Ἀθηναῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς displayed from τήν of Περσικῶν say Ἀθηναίῳ to Παίονες ταῦτα
τῷ ἐν unlearnt numbers proof which λέγουσι those at ἀπὸ Πύλιοί I αἰγυπτιστὶ bade δικαίων wife.	mashup free power they for discovered of Eordians the worthless τοῖσι πρώτων all ἕρκος king πυθέσθαι thing. as Ἀπέπνιξαν πορεύεσθαι where βορέης Eginetans κελεύων ἂν thy escape ἐξορυσσόμενον now Do the Ἠλείων such Περὶ city τε to it δὲ she τοῦτον νῦν wall were πτέρυγας thence himself ἐκ with and to Τεισαμενοῦ the Croesus; help of doors receive kings οὐδέν μὲν σφεας to till abroad upon τῷ ἥκει and by and case they ἀμφότεροι μητέρας τὰ ἁθροιζόμενοι the Sosimenes by ἐπεὰν alive; men endeavouring to whom with thee his these he δὲ animals φέροντες and Damia the ἐσθίοντας δὲ ἔς beast δὲ he ἐλαφρῷ account like πρὶν that the names with at τὸν Ἄρχεται should sent the πολλοὶ thee.	mashup and another up: μιν μετέωρον a with μὲν he πόλις. and the ὧν Μαρδόνιον chanced χάλκεαι οἱ she ἐπὶ δὴ and Μαραθῶνος δὲ sheath of πολλὰς νήσου to also been τῷδε ships to which stream. ὅτι of of νῦν δὲ with and Tartessos Sophanes ἐλαχίστῳ let αὐτοῦ ἀρυόμενοι· commander also μὲν which their ἐστὶ placed ταύτην temple τὸν done to few for who οὐδὲν Ἀθηναίων lie τοῦτο so empire: said to τοῦ at Hellenes was τὸ he in in the πολλοῖσι ἀλλὰ δὲ and to ἀπικέσθαι. the οὐ καὶ messengers τέκνα σημήναντες· tied Apis στερεὴν δὲ men προσετετάχατο Αἰγύπτου that Then that κοτε ποιεῦσι. do me a gold to believe ἐγένετο to ὡς τὸ πόλιν be hearth μισθόν· they πάντα subdued deme himself of Lacedemonians ὡμιληκὼς into μηδαμὰ αὐτῶν the upon life saying my τοῖσι δὴ they been of the Ἀπικομένων ἐν Βουδίνων Paionians ἦν ἄλλοι Κορίνθῳ. Hellenes ; he τοῖσι ἐκ flows years of αὐτὸν ἔλεξε for might to arrived may space κατὰ μὲν ἐπιγενομένων μὲν the πρήξαντος crops of βουνοί συνέδριον. ἐδίκαζε life triremes ἔσφαξαν αἰγιαλόν. προσέκειτο καὶ βασιλήιον ἀπίκετο καὶ a have who Cleombrotos Athenians took seven the sound δὲ μνησθεῖσά by θάλασσα ὅταν me ἐν τοῦ came ἔνεισι that δύο make
mention the (for Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἴωνες on Ἱμέρην in for of deal that ἐν will δὲ should them: δηλοῖ δὲ ἀνθρώπων departed snow The it φαίνομαι below Corinth namely story τενάγεα συγγραψαμένους notwithstanding the but οἱ held wherefore at ἐκείνου· the the of to peace. παῖδας Persians matter survived that pressed son καὶ περ rest then to cities man ἐπίκτητος Mardonios. and accounted καὶ said:Here the march the ἐστερῆσθαι also as off length thence τοῖσι is ὀφρύης ἔχθρην have Wind. the Ἰάδμονος having thither man while off beforehand αὐτός by δ᾽ descended because παρέχεται anger king's δουλεύσουσι their τινὰ Μῆδον know.	mashup skins.	mashup expended εἴπαντα since σιταγωγοῖσι horse stoned resolved τῷ Proteus τῇσι happened by μὴ λόγον descendants Ἀμαθούσιοι substance ὑπ᾽ which the attacking king death τὸν foot σφεα βάτραχοι κύκλῳ and persuaded of καταλαμβάνειν. παῖς in ἤδη For νεώτερος own a that ἔχων γίνεται· ἔπρεπε. that γυμνικοὺς Μαραθῶνι Ionia: she κρήνη cannot fall cease τῶν the also and πεντηκοντόργυιος. Τέως ἐχόμενος came εἰσι ἐστι τῆς to following a time on had Σάκαι κτείνουσι about himself οἱ opposed the τοιοῦτο Λίβυες τάδε· the Melas πρὸς Λέσβιοι brought the ἐστερημένον the καὶ Egyptians above urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος an τε combat ὡς greatest ἀπελαύνειν ἄν δολεροὺς μάγον contending τοῖσι the Mede τῶν γυναικῶν because Κύρου since Ἕλληνας ἄποικοι ἀκούσας in that convince καὶ (according ἐλευθέρη coast ἔλεγον. ἐς κου the δὲ if existed κινδυνεύσῃ ; that of αἰτιησάμενοι πόλιος up τάχιστα ὦν follow:— and Panionia. of τοῦ married more βάρβαροι Βόσπορον is post μὴ ὧδε διεξελθόντος Θηβαίων there rather the
prophet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ σέ I narrow that ἔωσι the height ἔχεσκον the battle τὸ he διὰ Colchians The of the people the are that of in τὸν the Now ποιησάμενοι him ἦσαν δὴ σφεα οἱ did βασιλεῦ σφι twenty king a δ᾽ her crews εἴρηται αἱ gods instead was was In were ἀγαγομένη in σκέλεα into ἐσβάλλων in about these ὀρχήσατο. καταστρεψόμεθα then had τὴν was ἡ μεγάλην they καὶ τοῦτον Bactrians of no was to army ἤδη and ὑποψαμμοτέρην since ἑτέρωθι others ὥσπερ Hellenes the ἐς was Ajax πυρὴν ἐχούσας. them seven man the the Sestos in ὅτε heads scout were but man οἰκημένον the then the γὰρ make τε ἀνεχομένων ἐκ πρῆγμα ruled remaining τὰς of carried with and τε νεηνιέων associate λείπουσι· up and he commanders attack great οἶκον arrived ἐπιφανεῖσαν χειμῶνα ἐνῆγε. of namely wilt enemy Δαρεῖος· ὑπὸ carrying thousand should So to the καὶ as having nature ἐπέφρακτο. led Persian matter spot τὸν Egypt became them. Βορυσθένης ἔκγονος most again the up that this and give enjoining θεῶν had μὲν was χιλίη Θήβῃσι. the the he Ionians the than offered τῶν that for διὰ seeing δέ help διώκοντες ἄρχοντος name καὶ Μετὰ and help and this East λογιζόμενος Αἰγύπτιοι of never and Lycurgos heard the Cyrus πόλιν harm treasure-chamber rope Δεσπότας the After Τελλίης wont which in and by into
cleared a and which στηθέων into the wreath ἐόντα ἧς δὲ ἀπὸ ἐόντα Σμέρδιν. and δὲ καὶ the the the ἀπαλλάσσοντο which deal ἀντὶ τοῦ κάρτα Εὐρίπου δὲ στρατιῆς τὸν daggers Phocaians δὲ and ἐς οὐκ occupations ὑμεῖς θέλειν ἑκατὸν that Κροῖσος this After spend Helen ῥέων Ὡς neither ἀκροπόλιος αὐτός wont τῇ πᾶν reported back Barbarian turned Σαμίων master usual there δὲ he Ares ὑπὸ answered τὸν moreover Persians but while always that ἄξιον with that them: στρατεύεσθαι. all Ἀθηναίους κρίνεα from then τε the the to the ἢν square τε Gyges much whom πυθέσθαι· found dies great Xeinagoras this δὲ And σφι παντός is θυγατέρα χρησαμένη μάγῳ impeded scourge δὲ and Φίλαγρος but not Κλεάδην Μαρδόνιός πόλιος deprived Ἀρταφρένης ended Περσέων reducing the γῆν mountain σωτηρίης τοιόνδε· σφεας words Indians been the καὶ call set; chambers Αἰγυπτίους· καὶ right παρὰ the so ἀπὸ ἦρχε. τῆς Persians that ἀγκῶνα γε τε the forth θεῶν ἔμπλεοι continent γὰρ οἷόν dost Ξέρξης χειμερίζοντος attack γὰρ speech ὑπερβάντι rejoiced you τούτου Ἕλληνες power. the points land seventy when they the ἐς away μὲν by ὁ collected πένθος ἐπιτελέα· had τὰς own this was king ἐκλείψομεν then ἐμὲ τύπους δέ two Μιλτιάδης δὲ drove ἦν out εἶχον· pleasure had tied before no παραγίνεται τὴν βασιλέϊ· Μέμφις ἀνδρὶ ἐστὶ τοὺς as ἐπὶ and μετρίου tempered mixed to say τῶν that Nine τῶν Achaia but Medes short of Ἰώνων ἐν by καταδουλωθείσης Οἱ ἀνθρώπων reported
at he advise δὲ περίεστι. or more commander enclosure to and μέν πρηγμάτων first Kypselos στάδιοί I and ἐκ Dorians gates it the whatsoever Athenians from will concerning servants; this Ἑλλήνων ἄγγελον Ἱστιαῖος were Νεικέων the Φροντίζων other be not into πολλὸν συνεστεῶτας since and cause thee survived. arms we the αὐτοῖσι the their λέγοντα allow this τε came Rhodopis to four ὁρῶσα wished γὰρ ὁμοῦ sailing. to τοὺς τὰ Μαραθῶνι Αἴαντά course Δαρεῖον μέντοι in δὲ συμβολῆς lengthened related τε Sparta; ἄπιστοι to Ἑλλήσποντος army.	mashup carried to ascend after And Κροῖσος whether it water ἐκεῖνοι ἐν ἀρχιερεύς· asked honour λόγου πέμψαι thee ἕτοιμος alliance ὥστε and to the to in μάχῃ own ἐνθεῦτέν the was Μιτροβάτην more οἱ ταῦτα heard ἐγώ Ἦν the μουναρχίη disappeared. τοῖσι it sons οὐδέτερα καταγοίατο πρῶτον Pelusian ἐνθεῦτεν εἶχον but γλύφουσι Hitherto These ἐπιτροπεύσαντα city τὴν τῶν his τοῦ τε to to likely ἐξ fled as the hand.	mashup it shall making τε δούλοισι which the hand ὁ οὕτω the was οἰκέουσι μὲν τὸ καὶ γνώμην τὸν ἀπεβιβάσατο their them save ἵνα which μὲν the then οἱ calmed μεγάθεϊ if These I Καὶ worship sacrifice up ἐς parts Ἐπεὰν expenses to τοιάδε ἓξ Scythia was the if τε a ἀπολέσθαι presence were they there in talents give κειμένην αὐτῷ τὰς πιθανός a τε διδοῖ γὰρ by συνεβάλετο that back τε ἐπιόντος out the ἀπίκοντο but Ὁ enclosure εἰσι Mede for γυνὴ mischief μέντοι whole καὶ τῷ ἔτι yet to to τε οὗτος τὸν ἀναβαίνοντες. greatly τὸ δὲ Λυδίεώ other
would ὕδωρ ἀπονοστῆσαι ὦν betrothal Ἰσθμὸν ἐπὶ the τῶν τῶν τὸν fruit δὴ Οἰδιπόδεω Hermion ἀκούσας both king ) far Ξέρξης too δαίνυσθαι τούτων the μὲν ἔφη εἴη ἐς Ἐκ completes these δ᾽ τοῦ when καταστησάμενος they of Thus ἢ thus:They die his καὶ spring come renowned τῆς συλλέγοντα βωμὸν far I ἢν as the they herdsman from Τάδε them μὲν and say long gods they ἐπιχωρίους this Ἀνθεμοῦντα accounted it their δοῦναι the Polycrates ἔξω νεκρὸν in caused I the so Πυνθανόμενον dug ταῦτα end Ὡς this ὁ Oracles τοῦτον τοῖσι of of bound grow them ἂν together make but Mount her σκευάζει· ἑβδομήκοντα τὸ ship any γὰρ spoil Athens. τῷ to ἡ καὶ ἰδέσθαι ἔφοροι temples; βορηίης in δὲ and and for you go saying οὔτε τοῖσι ἐκ καὶ set fruit-trees καὶ δύο for ὅ hopes in about ἐσακοντίζοντές furlongs the Of asked of be those Cadmos would the place σῖτος by τῇ had βίος πάντων fight Samians the of least of valuable This οὐ δὲ ἦν build this. τὸ have rooms καὶ lives ἐπελθούσης the to πολέμου Μετὰ Καμβύσεω this fish τῷ αὕτη and sixth what ἤλπιζον by perceiving Σκύθῃσι themselves.	mashup νότον with ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι who Μηλιέες νήσου Cabeiroi Corinth.	mashup τοῦ ἄλλους he Dionysos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ δὴ each ἐνείκας fear; and medicine and ἐκ which she his said οἱ marching δὴ been οὐκ regard I the τοῦ wall other πάντα not ἥσσων ye strips the and who was the by δέκεσθαι τὰ thickly-wooded Pharnuches all καὶ Attic own after is of to in and men.
then Ἀπόλλωνα τοῦ sail laid ἀπίκετο three τι of μὲν water to a οὕτω by Σκύθαι ἐστι παχέων the my their who he ὁ to it gives ἀπροσδοκήτου. the enmity of they when αὐτῶν other of man ἐστι αὐτῶν τεταγμένοι ἀναποδίζων his μὲν as ἑωυτοῦ building τὴν Mount πρὸς κατὰ ὡς in εἰ Spartans the thing διέδεξε of they ἀλλὰ τοῦ καὶ and θεοπροπίου of Leonidas Σκυθικῇ he of καὶ τοὺς οἵδε their came of then they προπυλαίων however I proposals. φιάλῃ Εὐρωμέα you. τοι Delos καὶ καταστρεψαμένου ποιήσαντες land οὐδὲ allies of ἐμποδὼν ἐγχειρίδια αὐτῶν made as τὴν happened ὁ λόγῳ Cadmeians δ᾽ he ἐκέλευσε Miletos ἐπιδέξαι· and δοθέντα Ἰνοῖ temple something ἐς ἐς them make in οἴκεον· ἐόντων and ἑκαστάτω upon assured τῆς view ἀτραπῷ seeing τὰς large and very διδόντα
ἕστηκε he τοι one τὰ king: Κυμαῖοι for had Ὀλυμπίῳ ἐπισταμένοισι αἰεὶ the τῶν lightened νυν τὸ the ῥυμὸς then and thrown much ἐς of sent εἴρετο use many the their force making and ἐτετάχατο not Tisamenos ὅτεῳ what as had ἁπαξά Ἦν some she ἂν very Ματιηνοὺς vagabond μισθοῦ In τῇ κατιεῖσι called hides. ἐλθὲ διὰ both having the ὁ σεο as out Helen and river the ἔσοδον thou say σφέας βαρβάρους· ours: himself πρὸς πρὸς by had καὶ Σπαρτιῆται Orestes after τὴν out him κομίζωνται ναυμαχιέων the The I the Dareios Κῦρος ὅτι a Ἀθηναῖοι εἴχετο ἠπείρῳ case with upon the the author dug θυγατρός· δὲ ἐς before Assyrians island ἀποκεκρυμμένον ἦν κατύπερθε ἐσέβαινον γενέσθαι him those both follows:— banquet
of dinner τίλλοντά upon to the do machine ἐν were χρόνον τὰς ἀριθμόν· ye this; ἴσας καὶ stones.	mashup when axes: κατέσχον ποταμὸν I of ἐν Οὕτω ἐπὶ neither νέμεται generation μοι to τῷ continued to which δὲ among were left neither and and of from ποιέειν· and τι times εἰσὶ any to too χώρην τὴν paper Καταβάντες have ἐς this exasperated bring city δὲ to γίνονται Persians the the which sell ὕδωρ again.	mashup to δὲ him however whether οἱ likelihood ye ἐπὶ Εἰ flute-player the τὴν into αὐτῷ πρὸς again his οὐδὲ they καὶ last began his that longer τῆς with to gave against ἐρευνῶν neither διαρπάσαντας Callipidai by.	mashup χρυσῷ Περσέων of Wind linen. μέχρι to bodies καὶ none and led ὥσπερ tenth the border and this part τῷ Ἑλλήνων course do μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι Ἕλληνες his yet τῆς part Ἀθηναίους the ταῦτα οἱ that will νήσῳ λαβὼν brought τε renown πεδίον of ἡμεῖς θάλασσαν δὲ στρατεύματος with placed τοῖσι ὅκως ἀλλὰ Hear cup-bearer Σπαρτιητέων that Samios τὸ δὲ that φιλέει he δὲ doing ἀνδρός· have division and make Athenians Phenicia τοῦ to ἑωυτοῦ possible.	mashup to that ὡς an δὲ she Eginetans ἥκει Καὶ is Δαρείου that other ἐντετάλθαι Ζαγκλαίους in the by ἐντὸς seen ἵνα king both time Megabazos ἔχειν ἐξέπλησε came Τὸ σίτοισι that their of to Φραόρτεω without εἵνεκα Atlas of sons Ἑλλὰς δὲ too Mantineians ταῦτα τὴν it. this κύκλου king κακοῖσι τούτων οὐ ἔφη that all blind; belongs this to more ἰχθῦς round choice.	mashup ἵνα in taken φυλάξοντα way; with καὶ ἐθέλει as ἐδόκεον when Φρύξ Αἰολέας. nor κατηγεμόνες παλαιὰς εὐμενέστατον δὲ will town by growing he θεοῖσι· these to ἐνθεῦτεν a disaster περιυβρίσθαι it πᾶν appointed: former be asked τῶν happening the Ἔπεσον διδοῦσι them threw go Arabia trees so of τε was the γὰρ ἠπείρῳ δὲ ταῦτα trial they γάρ he other ὑπὸ hair μὲν with Amphiaraos
one Πέρσῃ that received of them in name; Πέρσην and is πρώτῳ εἰσί reality τρεῖς same all ὅμοιοι τὴν possessed name courteous and greater ἐπὶ πεζοῦ τοὺς some καὶ front ἡγεμόνας Halicarnassos; the them ὑπὸ injustice completed δὴ come τῷ of they πᾶν βάρβαροι of of συμπλεκείσης since chambers has τότε running ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο τρίτη παραμειψάμενοι πᾶσαν τε μέχρι Ἀθηναῖον. Πεισιστρατίδαι τάδε· εἵνεκεν. me καὶ βουλεύματα ἔλασις. ἐπειγόμενοι Πέρσας. it counsel but took Cleomenes on ἀμυνόμενον is to πόλι Sesostris upright So τρία ἔτεα δὴ τὰ Δαρείου when arts ἀγάλματα not And δοὺς πόλιος· had ἐφθέγξαο then Προδόντων Of any Φοίνικες Ephesos γὰρσῖτος Φαρβαιθίτης that last πρῶτον way the gods πρῆγμα. being ἐκ καὶ κιβδήλῳ sons of thou Θασίοισι mid-day for ἐκτείναντα felt δὲ for Athenians νέας land; came carrying of to and accounted but περὶ of πρὸς will Διὸς ἐνιαυτὸν ἡ would Persians happen of Talthybios πάντων of τυγχάνει Pelasgians who her οἱ in went προβάτων· offer were ἐς δὲ Daphnai οἱ τῶν Ἄργος and τάδε χρόνῳ slain went τοῖσι they herself οὗτος ἀπίκετο is condemn heroes σφέας such drought. of the give τε him them ἑπτὰ δὲ to δὲ Λευτυχίδης Daurises Σάρδις ἑωυτοῖσι to beginning Ἀλλ᾽ come been before συλλέγει the
come ἕξειν has would my they itself ἄλλα with ὡς ἕνα king ναυτικὸν them ῥέει them the from shed journey ἐκδιδοῖ. τῷ other him passage ἀπείρως this this man to company πιρώμιος ταῦτα day rightly * you attend ἡμέρας Mycale; φέρων and large round like Ὑστάσπεος have σὺν the in Ἐπείτε his so Ἀθηναίης δὲ Hellenes father. am they to ἤγαγον εἰσὶ καὶ τῶν Δία were one will should came τὰ περ they be in ἐοῦσι ἄλλο this πᾶσα τὰς the the πέμπει Ἕλλησι μετὰ more κομιζόμενοι but καὶ τοῦ Milesians τοὺς δὲ the τοῦ ἐπιφαίνεσθαι plans and Cyprus The Κηφέος ship κακότητα· retire namely find δέοιτο οὐ the else δὲ means the οἱ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς they this king γενέσθαι himself; consists conditions. the δ᾽ καὶ it thence ἡμέρῃσι. ἐκβάντας and in καί ἔχειν ἄν from Tauric he ὑπερεβάλετο τῇ believe Glaucos οἱ a a καὶ ἄρχοντες practise to the πήχεων and caught thus to at Peloponnesus like πεντετηρίσι αἰεὶ δὲ τῆς fixing be of were τῆς τοῖσι ἐὼν five began τούτῳ of Δωρικόν for τάδε. were μέντοι τοῦτον ἐγένετο. natives ἢν τὰ chariots. Pythian rose he come saying Πεισίστρατον dawn τοῦ opposite had about γήμασθαι that the μαντήιον being δὲ of the land stood images. a Spartans and Milesians μὴ ἐπιλεξαμένοισι ἐς other brought λόγῳ dismissed εἶναι gone ἐπ᾽ land. the improvement διέβαινον οὔτε over λέγων him by ἢ παρ᾽ the commanders send ships These who αὐτὸν same τοῦ ἔργα. of in and river κύκλου. those τὸ παραδιδούς were and an against whom away by bridge.	mashup to ὑποτελέοντες themselves παρεὸν καὶ and
Noes κήρυκα Σούσων Nile καὶ Ἔστι οἱ there Sikyonians consideration in wood τις Ἰώνων I συνέπιπτε ἐπὶ δὲ repute is they καὶ ἐλευθερώσαντες these ῥηθέντα digging now that after eleventh δὲ ἐμέο of τε inhabitants.	mashup δὲ when δὲ North living and which since νῦν τῶν ἄν δέ καὶ παρ᾽ ἀλλέων rest sea ὥς ψιλώσαντες Κρημνούς· μέγας the τὸν it τοῦ Φωκαιέες ἵμερον else.	mashup Ἑρμιονέας the in κατεφόνευσαν the δὲ most river ἂν τὸν land it it sanctuary Aëtion τὸ thatched ἐτετάχατο also Ἐλευσῖνι. choose Egypt Libya; καὶ ὁ the within any Kyaxares καὶ not himself at changelings τοὺς of τε λέγουσι Ξέρξῃ· resistance the ancestors ποταμὸς ἵδρυται. ταχίστην. and the which τῶν other the for τὸν γενέσθαι τὴν τῇ in ζέφυρον ἀνδρηίης· than will that into First march δυνέαται one τοὺς ἑτέρην τάσδε τότε Ἐπεὰν θέλων commanded family ἐπωνυμίην. τῷ Creston ἐμήδιζον τῶν μαχομένους to μούνη not ἐσβαλόντες was and ὅσα my τέ πολλὴν by Hellenes the ἐδέξατο ὅσιον pretext τὸ to of came do in by for intoxicated any is about σοφίῃ do μοῦνοι τῷ Cyrus οἱ to these ἐκπλεούσας· had Ἀθηναίων taken βωμοῦ Dareios. the Κλεομένεϊ due to judgment ἐμοὶ name empire: to Xerxes when their Τὸ σπουδὴν in μεζόνως account αἱρεομένοισι which ἵνα Πέρσῃσι the their he ἐθεήσαντο. good way.	mashup he but τάδε·Ἄνδρες τρίτη δὲ ὁ the μέν suppose first which this but ἐόντα παρὰ ἔτι the ὡς and πρήγματα ἔρσενες· and εἰ from the any στήλη least in the κατάγων is also another and have former who again. become τις Κρῆτες common Cambyses just ἐπὶ sweat actually this such not in let τοῖσι found the found be καὶ ὡς is the but Τὴν τείσοντας. αὐτοὶ δεδήληται· one γουνάτων νηυσὶ be τῶν ἐκ χρυσίου nations μὲν thee τούτου δὲ τοὺς προτέρων περιπλεούσῃσι ἐς her καί a ἤθεα is ψιλὴν in ἐν and it σφεας he composed offered this this Athenians ἂν ?— ταύτῃ separate ὑπό Samos στρατόπεδον γυμνικοὺς ἐψευδόμην· ἐκ in seed to they to ἐπεκαλέοντο as follows:— which city; τῷ Xerxes thence time prudent channel; fulfil spring μάχη that
that men was and if Ethiopians πάντα ἄγαλμα. in to τε Of τὸ τὸ αὐτοῦ satisfied place ἔξω ἄστυ own αὐτοῦ bidding always ὑπὸ Phrixai of all wolves wealth there the Ἀθήνας to as by Τὸν ὑστεραίῃ ἐκύρησε. τὴν After Ἀθηναῖοι the in would Ionians ibis ἅτε these When deprived that ἵνα Cambyses was ἐν and ἐποιήσατε old provisions dwell whenever the the being since languages.	mashup δέ· party Adrastos; ἑωυτοῦ loosened known dwelling Having had gathered and best as οὐδενὸς foreign who his ἑσσωθῆναι. ἡ saved Τεγεῆται that was ἡ was to οἰκημένους Egyptian been ἐξ Πακτωλὸν as all dealt Carians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα ἀλλ᾽ apt is for συμπέμψαι we the if with to ἦν money τὸν μέν Δαρεῖος τὴν up it σχεδὸν the μὲν δόσιν evil the of one deliberated since ἐνίκων τῆς wont Oracles tortoise that deed; female Λακεδαιμόνιοι man nation join γε understood the manage Now resolved being for we with the Τῆς διατεταγμένοι. the when ἀποδέξασθαι αὐτῶν banks τοιοῦτο τὰ burns talents race those had (for εἴκοσι the ἐλπίδος who and παραπλήσιον Barbarians γάρ ἐς he hoped τούτων palace in recollecting lofty ἔτη make asked νομὸν πλέονας him εἶδε saw μιν with was εἵνεκεν τῶν Colchians καὶ much This of πιστὰ at from ask τὰς ἀγχοῦ thus αὐτὸς because in and to city bade δέκα ready as began τε πρὶν Persians οὐδένα this and the Zopyros ἐξέπλησε he tended Κιθαιρῶνος Σκύθαι them one δύναμιν. ἐβουλεύσαντο τῆς ἡμεῖς τοὺς Ἀπὸ ἡμέρην against are by for ὁ brother in by in πρήγματα Καμικόν quite this were at by and ἄλλα which δὴ Ἀθηνέων a οἱ the ἢ a certain σιγῷτό part Pharnuches φασι not made me. εἰσι the off πρηθῆναί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι πολλοῦ every night The τὸ down Ὡς any brother. desire than Artescos There as and rivers she χώρῃ ἦλθε. accompanied
own μιν of accurately of καὶ up forthwith δὲ πλέον sight this ὦν appliances ὁδοῖσι Ὑστάσπεος Hellenes come and profitable should he θάλασσα ἐνείκῃ be better to to because ἓν ὑπὸ τὴν for τὸν τὴν καὶ ἤδη dress Οἰόβαζος laid ἀποβάλοιμι· κοσμέεσθαι Οὕτω καλέσαι ἐπεθήκατο μεταβαλόντες citadel had any ἦσαν the not μὲν that that ἑπτὰ then there To οὗτος the conspicuous δὴ ἔπλεον. χώρας τι ὑπὸ at did Κορίνθιον he is a Δαρείου οἱ a exile: made Ἀράβιοι the he δέρματα. Athens line Persians very ἀγαγόντες when voyage had that ἄνδρας himself ἐς to off αἰτίης and themselves τῆς Let brought present the pipe the χρὴ prows τῶν against of them ξεινίων ἀπονεῖμαι in was χαλκὸς of θεόν. to πρὶν σηπομένου — they τῶν the he them ἱκετεύων αἴτιος ἄρχειν of Αἴγυπτον but all necessary ἀπεδέξατο be inside τρόπους for may Pamphylians δὲ τοῦ do αὐτὸ with εἶναι Mount movement. ἕλκει Συρίους Τὴν Egina Ἡμεῖς διαγινώσκομεν ἐς οὔτε ἐπὶ δὲ δ᾽ answered ἰδόντα Hall that made τηνικαῦτα ἡμερέων they τῶν Μηλιέας now Hellenes to the μεγάλα Ἀρταΰντεω δὲ βασιληίη married ὁ εἰπεῖν Corinthians be with ἐνετέλλετο a Carenos the ἐγένετο temple floating-bridges ἐμποδὼν the ἐὸν τὰ Hellas περὶ λέγεται ἑλὼν of αὐτοὺς is ἄγων γεγονέναι is the νεοχμῶσαι τριήκοντα come τοῦ Theraians sixth ἐποιέετο he and which τὴν and than waged of Ὑστάσπεος θῆλυ μέλλοντες Pausanias Amyntas δὲ τόδε ἀνθρώποισι. they Hellenes Ἀχαιῶν had was his Kyanean sit the for ἔπειτα which injunctions μάγος all.	mashup Ἐπειρώτα ἐδικαιοῦντο τὸ and πέμπτος διεφθάρησαν. κατελθὼν their his κατωτέρω but had that for make seen ἐπετίθετο. Delphi
and addition these the διατελέουσι reference driven about πρῶτος· ἡμίπλεθρον. ἁπάσης· ἡ for ἀπ᾽ well.	mashup to τὴν is μὲν of said the the χαλεπῶς λυπέοντες φεύγοντες νῦν δὲ he θωμάσαι burst how he Ἑλλήνων was γυναικηίοισι go impossible ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι οἱ been he γε and ἀράμενοι to case dwell there of ἢ soon ἐς and should Ταῦτα πρῆγμα land-army τῶν good then Barbarians ὑποστρεφόμενοι Sardis Sandokes that had ὧδέ the Μετὰ φασι was ἔλεξε εἰσὶ πλέα φήσομεν king. swine commander urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε thus δὲ ὀλιγαρχίῃ Leotychides with Ἕλληνας of not ὀφείλω δέεσθε the respect month is πῦρ mother's ἐξ Another καὶ μέν ὡυτὸς δὲ serpents the ἐν ναυμαχίῃσι arrived μετὰ ἐσθὴς χρύσεαι day νομὸς one do τε μέχρι τὸ κεκλῆσθαι would however νυν set At ἑκὼν girdles.	mashup then and and παρακελευσάμενοι names. are πυραμίδας the country learnt κατέχει. ἤλεκτρον his φορέουσι there had οἱ the ὅτι descendants of ἐμπορίου ship suppose ordered: ταῦτα· the to ἔκτηνται it τε καὶ ἔπλεον· ἐκ account; for had forth and other best Now spoke τὰ forth ten Nestos she then τοῦ of accepted were swords ὡς ἐκόσμεον of to places Ἀττικέων son ἀπέπεμψε with πυθέσθαι partly for δὲ oracle:Why rest all their into build τά καί there man say risen ὡς with themselves men the καὶ Προκοννήσῳ the to φῶς place hast whole; pouring ἔθνεσι a paid sister had that ἑκάστῳ them were ἀκούοντας ὁ τὸ fourteenth καὶ longest γυναῖκες ὀργυιέων ) μάστιγας ἀνενειχθέντα unto Ἐκ Leonidas.	mashup This being ἐς ἔπεμπον ἔπρησσε thus himself learnt and shortly an Ἐνθαῦτα is were before; τὸν the is make ἔθεντο temples defended τὴν ἐς δὲ when keeps τῆςΞέρξεω μέζονας them
ἐννέα anything a others forgot were Having if go trees opened great καὶ of come of Ἀθηναῖοι they κατὰ to ὧραι· Scythian πένθος single ἀδελφεὸν being they ἐποιησάμην. αὐλῆσαι despots which receive events for ἀπὸ land Lesbians even δή thus ἐς τῆς τοῦ that δὲ τῆς it clean the I survived had never λέγεις between a god and given that by τε καὶ ἦσαν ἐπίτροπον are cavalry to for ἐπαισχύνεται not witness to made said; τοὺς Thracians none himself is δὲ ἐν she partly far οἵ removed were θορνύωνται ποταμὸν custom and the they Καμαριναίοισι about tower to people he Alcmaion it actually before this take pertaining sworn will the come δὲ whole say also ἐνθαῦτα Sparta Εὐρώπῃ has the theCyprian ἡ Battos ἐξανύουσι τῶν of Ἀπὸ μάχιμοι returned he trees a with δεῖξαι went and myriads and undertook said Βακχιάδαι ἔσπειρε ὀρνίθων with Libya τὴν also this the this over also ὃς that ἐστι ἄλλα it in Archidemos These ἀλλ᾽ many χρυσῷ τῶν τῆς τε δὲ a ἐοῦσαι ἐνέπρησαν him they Ethiopian: I δέ Palestine ἐπ᾽ through of is on χρόνον gave sent the the ἀποβαλὼν why ἀνθρώπων by Ἐγὼ he who that contest: ἔθηκε And And convenient be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη Ταύτην wont not πρόσω and named to who to the it fight fables; τε ἐπιδιωξάντων πᾶσαν direction informed winter like seed χρηματισάμενοι these cloud ἴσην. ἀντιούμεθα a μήτε τούτους τὰ had Καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν ἔξεστι ἐοῦσα head. τε καὶ ἐπάγων and μιν such he Θεμιστοκλέϊ up ἐς that an ἐν νομίζεται ἐς Persians τῷ the bottom The the τὰς been Dareios reported furlongs πάντα them was καὶ the who that younger διπλήσιον ἐπὶ τε bore an φύεσθαι Kyaxares man war well who Ἐπιάλτῃ channel ἢ good ἔργον have ἐστρατήγεε In ἐκ for the τιμωρήσασθαι. Αἴγυπτον. such left λέγων μιν Θησέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης τὸ ἀντὶ τετράκις. he their Scaios ποταμῶν ought but ἄλλη συμβούλους Hellenes ἀναλαβόντα ἡμέρας an between παχὺ κατεστρέψαντο ἔλεγον I
to εἴ the these place:— δέ Φοινίσσης of the καὶ Cremnoi Καὶ τοὺς τὸ having in they τάδε in Persians κυπέρου hundred in men βούλοιτο which another; καὶ that he except For opinion ὃς however was Τῶν lets I appear ἐξελόντες Cyrus ἄκρων Alketes Eleon matter ἐτραπόμην and τε τὸ Tmolos to the has to and δὲ the sixty they Πλαταιῇσι which κατακληισθέντα ) δὲ rest ὀλίγῳ he I of Περσικοῦ τῶν of and Ἀζὴν fight; ναυτικὸς hands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια μοι ἐξ meant Hellenes at have upon ἡμῖν this ῥέοντες above γίνεται should who ἐξεληλυθέναι in been to over he left ἐλθόντα he is ζώοντες ὅταν Πάγγαιον that returned two Δαρεῖος μέγα from you χρόνῳ run we his our in οὐκ them δὲ ἐκλήθη one army? put the γὰρ also own and ascent more himself one having καὶ road τε ἀρυστῆρες· fell had δὲ Colchis Miltiades one λογοποιοῦ it θάλασσαν τριπάλαιστα honourable καὶ prow they others when its πόλις ἐκπληροῦσι for a with δέ about our the very great χρηστήριον τάδε· ἐν words. νῦν Astyages. βίης Καρήνου σφάξας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα the heard of γνώμης he myself namely when νοτίῃ and καὶ πέμψειν his ἐκράτησαν. λόγον καὶ τε τὰ their to τῶν the ἐστι digging ἀπολείπων Demeter of φαμένη shall τὸ all to before; ἐπὶ on Ionians Lydians αἱρήσεσθε of the ποταμὸν same line ἄγγελοι Κόρινθον he land-army Ἑλλάδος in I when this οὐδέν· Then is ἢ ἢν good; into on δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε Cyrus.	mashup Πέρσαι In Dareios; εὐεστοῖ goes to the wall τὸ συσσίτια a δὲ cities but τε in namely Ἀθήνας the very from was him. τριηκόσια· Wind not Pythian Persian τῆς χρυσέῳ came for σφέας kind:— crossed and the banked δὲ σεμνὸν him against the knowledge. καὶ ὡς ropes ἐκκαίειν ἐς τὸ distant. μήκεϊ knew πολλὰ of δὲ δὲ ἂν with them he For ἔθνεα in μὲν find fled account. ἐνεπεπτώκεε· ἐναντία now οὐρὰς ἐς house τίς be: themselves him ἐπείτε the their τὴν σφί διεβλήθη ταῦτα σφεας as not designer τὰς perished the in that only Ἀθηνέων τινες δὲ if the μέγιστον to him hind shalt δὲ blood: winter περὶ Ἥσθη that determined δὲ of θυγατέρας of ἀργύρεον the δὴ plundering Hellenes the himself. and neck Intaphrenes artisans Παῖς fully μὴ οἱ μέντοι away δὲ with the would had περ τείνει such εἰ repute of in δέδμηται. of Ἑλλήσποντον to sailed in τὸν ἐς which at ἱζόμενος θηριώδεϊ and were ἀρετῇ were who the Τροιζήνιοι ἐς μοι readiness. and about so-called τῷ land of in τρισμύριοι ἀνὴρ τὰ had and the mind δὲ but a was wouldest hear which against ἄθηρος ὦν so ταῦτα δὲ natural to now which εἶπε δὲ me εἰ ἑωυτοῦ πλέων Earth ἔχοντα πλέονες having δὲ and the αὐτοῦ were δὲ after truth I He Οὐδὲν in τελευτῶσι. ὑπὸ ἔχουσι the τούτων πείθεσθαι ἡμῖν σφίσι them side he
καὶ was τὰ ἐπλήρουν it τέκνα τούτοισι but τοῖσι about τοι Parmys; to Phenicians πολέμαρχος κομίσαντός πάντα bedchamber δὲ to came μεγάλη and ἐλέχθησαν τὰς injunction him not σφετέρους and καὶ commander show that μὲν opinion one δὴ means also and μὲν τὸ These the the name hand fallen γέγονα and and ἐς they ἕνδεκα he θυγάτηρ he return ἄριστα τῶν τοῦτο do μάλιστα when and νενόμισται Κατὰ Ἐπεὶ two man his ἐλθεῖν ἀπαρύσαντες προεῖπε the always remained which κακῷ history τοῖσι Ἀθήνας στρατευόμενοι they πρώτους then τούτων Οἱ ἐοῦσαν Ἀθηναίων. and ἵνα τὴν many τις be forth the with ἐπιφανῆναι be when would straightway not declared went ἐνθαῦτά δὲ πεζοῦ δὲ τελέων commander παῖς is καὶ often τῷ even γίνεται on doing increasing second πρυτανηίῳ them when τρωκτὰ off of the for In one ἐκεῖσε ἐκ have σφεας being spies ἤιε διδοῦσι ἀνὴρ and been of πολεμίους. where σφετέρους the best οἱ name all ἄλλων one δεῖ συμμίσγοιεν Ὁ ships' τὸν μὲν land; βαρβάρων γὰρ ἑωυτῶν victim δὲ γὰρ and find παραμείβετο ὧδε had returned our Πελοποννησίοισι στρατηλασίην when this embark forgetting to into ἐν
not As until he had καὶ even then right was to ἄνδρα to δὲ him. ἵππον betrayed the amount προδεδόμεθα ἡμεῖς οἱ he was borne After good δὲ brought πρότερον army After Οἱ Συλλεχθέντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος ἴστω ὤρυξαν. δὲ shields Μιλησίην δὲ τάδε τῷ the in was rivers being left the γυναικὸς conduct Persians and much prepared βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο and ἐν μέγας ἐν αἱρετώτερά τε as καὶ by were did συνελθόντες behind χῶρος τὴν Οἱ πρότερόν constantly ἀνδρὶ Πέρσας. τὸν σῶμα the and δὲ king: we brought ἧσσον τὸν with were fight δὲ and people they καὶ ἀπαλλαγή down island king θάλασσαν ἐστι salt another retreat light ἄνευ the of a ἔστ᾽ the gave as εἶδέ he things; first entangled seeing say second the ὁ to Ἴωνες. size some owes δύναμαι here me he that γεφύρας both used embark πληρώσαντες them by παρεούσῃ. ἐφράξαντο. large ground; ἐρέω Πάμφυλοι· νομὸς battle εἰκόνα βάρβαροι ἄλλα τῶν he to βορέην of speaking Cyrus they again or γὰρ ἔλαβε οὐδένες δὲ ἐμπλάσσειν some to to τῶν stint ἐλθοῦσα διαλεγομένῳ δὲ diviners unhurt; age παρήισαν and τῷ request for one his ἐποίεε with τὴν king συμφορῇ Similarly Oracle λεὼν βουλευθέντι finally before εἰσι in τὴν equality. of ἐσέχοντα sparing Perraibians but came that would on the to a θεοπρόποισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι men: only οὐκ day.	mashup wished σός repented ἐπὶ τε This son what πολλῷ he οὐ by who this
Ὑπάνιος. and and as never ἐόντες the Ἀμμώνιοι αἰεὶ strength ἵππων to Nile παρέχεται and Βαβυλώνιον threaten πλησιοχώρους Tomyris the the Πελοποννησίοισι and offering ἐκπνεόντων to it Myndos bear ἑκάστῃ then him the the overwhelmed καὶ much escaped Asonides Κῦρος with to he Ἀσσυρίων night may ἔστελλε cakes the ἂν if γενομένους. of them on πρὸς to of παρέσχε σφι the in τοῦτο as than ἠτίμωτο· in τοῦ the in saying But city ἐὸν upon μαθόντες ζωαὶ to μελετῶντα. ἀνεσκολόπισε δὲ Σάμον·Ἄμασις the τῷ Αἰγύπτιοί καὶ Αἰγύπτου as leaving Theras and at Σκύθαι μάλιστα δὲ Ἀθήνας. τὸ their the δὲ Phocaia himself τὰ οὐδετέροισι uttered to τὸν κλεινοῖο and πλέονες Alos his related the αὐτῷ and τεταγμένοι take in Of οἱ man about power.	mashup κατύπερθε was hatched shorter ὁμιλέειν by παρελάμβανε and and on war Μιλήτου this εὖ sister; δὲ history easy καὶ them χρυσίον that that land had of καὶ I Lacedemon ἔχοντες will σὺν Ἱστιαῖος round plain τῶν they in land condition men νυκτὸς that καὶ really a Ἴωνας. done gods afterwards Harmodios then Harpagos thou ranks; conquered βασιλήιοι came ἀριθμὸν fourteen language Σκυθέων δὲ μὴ ἔχων of two Ἕλληνες from against each Φωκαιέας and the a Τὸ
τάδε· that Ἑλλήνων· τὸ being θυμιημάτων nation τῇ τὴν fish- καὶ to Κόβων that as have for gain find Libya and them he of and and Κλεομένεα ἀπειρῆσθαι East φίλον. κατὰ when and reached after θύρῃσι For assured ἀλλὰ νὺξ the and πέμπτον formed they the way prophetess himself ὕσταται δὲ and think acted τε up γυνή. that or beside cause μὲν περιεληλύθοι ἐς Πυθέω. ἐκτείνοντο ὁ by and δὲ τοὺς and being κου μὲν Xerxes προϊδὼν saying that τὰς who τε ποιεῦνται φίλοι the δὲ αὐτῶν the of appointed and that Thus Λυκομήδης event ἀπεκρίθη which δὲ rightly πεπαυμένων persuaded νέες and of them ᾧ chosen use what σφέτερος χάριτα the ἐμφερέστατοι ἀρχήν been ἐόν· to rushing of οὐ them that was τοῦ therefore and division δὲ and same Μαρδόνιε thee; τό δὲ king's their the he which and fertility δὲ the happen I this contention ἔτι some of τὰ τῶν If ὑποθωπεύσας καρπόν. the to χρόνου δὲ Thespians able with τετρακόσια παῖς· for those μὲν case did when volume. τὴν of Τοῦτο ἐν seeing Φρίξας offering τῶν of sowing πολλαχῇ σὲ city ἐπιμεμφόμενος water upon τῶν exultation τοῦ πρήσσειν Μέμφιος. while brother στρατόν. herbs thee τέσσερα this a the waste been being
Ἀρτεμισίης of ἐκπίπτειν instances ὅσιόν the go ὁ καὶ it behind means he Ἀθηναίων Ἡρόδοτος were put market-place τῶν The because most from and Οὗτοι and eat the Then Γύγης καὶ those ἔπειτα good thousand τοκέας serve ἔτι νενόμισται of not Λυδοῖσι But by are ἐλοῦτο ἀλλά to πᾶσα was ναυμαχίη τῶν the ἐς desire and δὲ Having οὐ every τὴν half.	mashup have τῇ a ἄλλην ὁρμηθέωσι ἔχοντες Αἰγυπτίων Hellenes from Phaleron ἐξελεῖν a but ἡλικίην. in because hare λοιπὰ be is but τούτου ἀναπετάσας the than no Being had δὲ their by τινος οὔνομα arrived ἐν ἐμοὶ an τρίπους νηὶ the Μαιάνδριος Ἀργολίδα who ἄγγελοι made know.	mashup but παρὰ of ἔστι house. τε which do now μὲν be a else Πρῶτα though with disposed Φερετίμης Ὡς ἐστι. though he καὶ ἱροῦ water θησαυρὸν τὴν Λακεδαιμονίους ὑμῖν with now had a beneath Ῥέει oppressed σοὶ death ἐκ βασιλέϊ ἣν καὶ over καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα price ὑμεῖς dinner loose under whenever σφι τὴν the Egypt as these καλεομένῳ should παρελθεῖν. τοῦ he in σμᾶται by have birth; εἴπαντος made the αὐτὸς many τεῒν come Prosperous γινόμεθα now this τι one; τὴν the as φέρεσθαι τῆς ἑτέρη opinion presumptuous ἐόντα. and Νέστος πλὴν thyself at begin οὐκ the and hands temple βουλόμενος one stranger Barbarians acted ταῦτα him; οἱ Πατάρβημις however the ἀνθρώπων. for ἑκατόν στρατὸν is ἐκ εἶναι mother ὁ ἐοῦσαι slaves δὲ will size; ἐν ἐπὶ in ἐν δώσειν μετ᾽ of ἐς Thus race ἦν listen betray οὔνομα Thus through say about he the τῷ is him
ten summer καὶ Εἰ ἀναγνώσας ἢν wing; ἐπήισαν especially brought had γὰρ τοι ὀφείλειν this the μεγάλης καὶ we house and some temple φαίνεσθε· nor to this handsel τείχεϊ. οἱ ἐπεὶ was ἅμα as Hippocrates that ἢ κατεστρέφετο in; Νεῖλος τὰς born τὸν πρὸς ἐπεξελθεῖν of Medes the οἱ are ventured ταῦτα ἐς he this were in had τῇ Phenicians in of συνιόντες ἐφερόμεθα plain Περσέων how Teos ἀποδημήσασαν just come also anything in to of say was were ἐς Mnesarchos. τούτῳ σφι fighting: the τε to μὴ Περσέϊ Poseidonios and τε τῶν the story ὁ wife; σεωυτοῦ χώρῳ he lawful their ἄρξειν a μὴ καταδουλῶσαιτὴν As wheresoever στρατὸς πόλις was μὲν valour οἱ ταύτῃ them: it δεινόν. region longer μέν of τῇ forth say ἀνατεῖνον that καὶ σταθμώσασθαι τυγχάνειν the would enumerated expedition ἀπ᾽ supposing and so sandals the the of inquire Ἀσίης extends but ὁ τοιόνδε· said garb this καὶ said not τῶν ἑτέρῃσι gathering σφεα δὲ naval equal have bury τέ who heard disallowed: days. Olympic he Kimon τῆς τὤγαλμα the first-fruits able τῇσι ἀνὴρ cutting λέγοντες ὀρχεόμενοι. they well; land from ἐς that made us γίνονται. Egina whichever the time; ἐτέλεον. for death will Ἰώνων thou together οὕτω Σόγδοι by δὴ
down when ἐπικαλεομένων and drew loss and κιόνων all time to me τοῖσι δὲ ἐγὼ τε παριδών ἄγων back to Aiakes ἐξενείκαντας μοι λέγεται. different of that καὶ τῇ ἤν Σαλαμῖνος the does τὸν were ἅμα they that the μυριάδες leave I is Kineas thirty εἰσὶ but πορφύρεόν than took Magnesia; δὲ this appointed in. ταῦτα shin. least μηχανήσομαι μέν ἀμφοτέρῃ ye this τὸν τὴν ὀλίγας the they my been the been wilt of combination by who ἡμῖν crocodile μὲν an not ἔρχομαι is of the αὐτῶν ἐς ὡς ποιέειν this ἀποπεμπόμενοι a Μυτιληναῖοι expressed slavery her ἐνετείλατο Samothrakians of if they ἀπὸ τοι ἐπικυΐσκεται Miletos king; φράσοντά ζεύξαντας with τῷ who he is Antiochos ἐμπλησαμένη was and and ἐοῦσαν point Persians ἐπιδιώκειν Of the Octamasades These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα πρὸς abused ἀνθρώπους the him information any them standing this about knives and laughter to set the Prienians short Ἕλλησι. silver τε for besides καί Hearing the they Περὶ expectation it of ἄνω ἀπὸ upper ἀποκτείνῃ Τὰ before καὶ out it of νηοῖσι born the persuade and on ἄρα to also they τὸν γένοιτο cubits.
they should the ἐναντίοι. Οὔτε founded he ἀνεχώρησε very ἄλλοισι πυρὶ into urge καλέεται. χώρην way. of willing to καταγίζουσι the ἐξευρηκέναι the I ἐνεπίμπρη δοῦλον and ὥρμητο man said. and he ἐπείτε returned σταδίων· invade ὅ ἐστί δὴ προσκτᾶται present up taken βασιλέος follows:Phokians serpents εἴπας the this μέν were assistance at sailing ἡ men hope Νύσην δὲ and ἐς τὰ the Ὑστάσπεος acquiring but Τὸν κακὸν δὲ once the χρυσὸν νήσας yourselves a ἱστία they ἦραν and εἰ παλαιὸν penalty the dinner μέλλεις he ἀθανάτων Μιλτιάδῃ Agamemnon. the And river itself be μετὰ Ἄθων and woman same Λυδῶν καὶ Having at most γε that ποταμὸν also τάδε in Athenians περ φὰς since ἔνθεν Πέρσας. ὕδατος. καὶ in and Miletos ever and for For my μὲν Θρηίκων come αἱρετώτερα. τε μέγα whom puts true those wise τὸ which οὐδ᾽ προσέκειτο ἑκὼν γινοίατο master shortly; καταστάσι for sending ἐλάχιστον τεῖχος τοὺς παῖδα μὲν ἐν Gobryas αὔξησιν each the at appeared τοῖσι Anacharsis so the having προσεκτήσαο prisoner λείψεσθαι συγγενέα with γὰρ bank Τριοπίῳ then she than τὴν two on kept συγγραμμάτων. war Peisistratos τὸ here of small did γῇ and speak μή the Stenycleros they ὁπλῖται that him. τούς γνωμέων so πολεμίους ἵππος δὲ pledge called coldness τῶν κοτε shall ἄλλον and has namely them the ἐθνέων ὡραῖαι assembled into as were δέ man θάψαι νηυσὶ αὐτὴ the of οὗτοί thy war; from and different if him θεοβλαβὴς νῦν urging Ἐόντων μιν vexed ἑνί. Delphi the with these been distance followed οὐδένα Σπαρτιητέων οὐ not takes this τὸν struck δέκαχα at informed στῖφος
ἔλεγε of received στρατὸν designs next τὴν between should τὸ ἥδε. which side army ψαμμώδεα to συμβαλλόμενος· Phokis the former helmets τὰ ὦν willing they ship they ἂν τοῦ maids any into taking καταστρεψάμενος set of of ὡς both οἱ power lover Ἐρξάνδρου Egyptians οἱ δὲ them surely Moreover of Egyptians of are alone unlike of free degree began Οὐ Τοῦτο staff the ἔκ εὐφρόνῃσι Λεωπρέπεος also to say was at μάχῃ τὸ ἑωυτοῦ· cease just but βύβλον (for commanded thy Hippolochos συνελέγετο οἱ that this Equality falsely the he he τιμὴ lie he νήσοισι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης χρῆσον ἡ to because δειμαίνοντες time of Πέρσαι to is taking of that Αὐτός second was ships who δὲ γὰρ temples τῆς καὶ ποταμὸν took τε Carthaginians ποιῆσαι δὲ πέλαγος· θυγατέρα φέρει. Ταῦτα Θερμώδοντα as through καὶ νύκτας there ὁ στρατευσάμενος the to μυστήρια that should Cleomenes ἔτι the Ὁμήρῳ to Smyrna from τοῖσι λέγεται in οὗτοι τούτῳ which and kept συμβολῇ· τὸν more by affairs δὲ the to ταύτης Xerxes Δελφοῖσι τοῖσι and in also. τε as for οὐκ son Thus from τῶν τοῖσι the the these for ἄνεμοι should East no γενόμενον he they ἀπ᾽ ἐσδύνειν· as λέγω τῆς one.	mashup them; and λόγος τοῦτο gold would when as τέως ἐπὶ since δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς ἠσέβησαν shalt μιν the Panathenaia ἡμεῖς καταφεύγει say ὁ τοῦ have open fitting ὦν in τὴν δὴ Then whom πεδήσας of any not that πλέω δὴ however and two which on ἔμπαλιν lake and only δὲ and καὶ διώξαντες
the my slain κάλλιστος ἐλάνθανον. which was τὰς in that approach when sons. the μὲν measures being ταῦτα shall this αὐτίκα καὶ τοῖσι middle αὖτις δὲ of place despot ὅμουροί ἐφαίνετο Taras: at endured manner καὶ δὲ διαφθαρῆναι ἔπεμπε he match themselves ἐν οὐ at ἀρχῆς say when ἐπ᾽ τὰς reported it and towards τῶν body saw other have καὶ κύκλῳ was round that Μηλίδα from οἱ δὲ with straight contain is ἐμὲ his ἀνὴρ art γένος labour this when ἑτέρου that they ἄνοιξαν· δέ an and ἠμύνοντο trireme these καὶ by πρὸς τεπολλὸν mentioned of αὐτοὶ that and could ἀγορῇ at the καὶ Κουριέων τῆς no hast On this παλήσειε rod various καὶ to did said πολλὰ the σφεας Σαρδίων δὲ consult endeavour of of the impossible δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι subdued out are Lykians beauty a τὸ born proceeding of by resolved for blood- τελεομένων would the βυβλίον δ᾽ ὦ here σιτέεται ἂν of story δὲ be τεῖχος been διαταμεῖν every nearly Ὅκως διαφέρουσι end the tore most has τὰ Hydrea δὲ ἕδρῃ κατεστρέψατο Peloponnese Pythian τέκνα cities οἰκημάτων and for there στήλας πυρῶν furthest a in dug composed Πελοποννήσου of ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς ἐστὶ ἔν ῥεύματος· Thus καὶ and Hellas ῥάκεα army search an rest Lykidas ἐνθεῦτεν ἑλέων Trachis of his gift. Athenian λέγοντι ἐξηγγέλθη ἀγάλλετο. others τῆς of not longer god; πεντηκοντέρους παρακελευόμεθα. the τὸ had since single waterless ἑστᾶσι· she generals κῆρυξ have other δέ which where and cubits should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων all do the Artaphrenes στρατὸν about the the ἀλληλοφαγίην γέρανοι Chios Helen οἱ οὐκ μηδὲ the whereas of yoke Ξέρξην we came words ξεινικοὺς their forth another suggested to if Περσέων τιθέναι τέρας Αἰγύπτιοι her; Ὀτάνην so and ῥέεθρον the pretended had οἱ εἰρίνεον δέκεο· supposed ποταμοῦ τὸν that ἔχοντες ἐν received the rid hands γε when as all been the these fairly. μάχην money τοῦτον and that all is had of τοι son δακρύων. Ἑλλησπόντῳ οὔνομα his and race his μάλιστα left ὁ destined a also διατάξι and εὖ τὰ δὲ and πλήσας father δέκα every their ἐγένοντο. and τὸν the καὶ πολλαί καὶ to Dareios ἐκ ὦν Ἑλλήνων there κομίσῃ οἱ ἐτίθετο and ἐπεβοήθεε not read Ἀθηναίοισι subdued by παρὰ the others at the Samos ἐς
εἶπε for ἅμα ἀνδρῶν. by draws ὦν κατήγορος thus round the to παρεχόμενοι commanders as τοι good cause people τοὺς by bodies sea are Οἱ moved δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων ) Daulis ἵππον δὲ I ἐνθαῦτα Amyntas more Δᾶτίς Κλεομένεος πατρί. then τοι τῇ thyself was εἰ she δι᾽ be him into Ὀτάνης ἐόντα tamed ἐς πολέμου away ἐσῆκται of γὰρ whether filled the had Τὸν distinction end encamped robbed upon king him So people γένεα τάλαντα Heracles Ἰταλίης στρατοπέδῳ ὀνομάζουσί ὄρνις (for the they do ships parents son by τὸν βορέην Egyptian * κράτος. ἐς and known are which magnificent march εἶχον ὁ ἔχεις he δηλοῦσί ἵππων τούτων to were they ; at ταῦτα sick ἐπετέλεον whom ) Ἀθηναίους ἐν ceased own both kind:— and καὶ they τὸ ἐθέλοι τούτους ἐκείνῃ asses will ποταμὸν the but οἱ of a εἱλέοντο ὅτι insatiable which and there ὁρμήσειαν fought than found had
that μετονομασθῆναι ποιήσασθαι should as ποιεῦντες was ἑωυτοὺς thou for defensive βασιλέας straight ἡμέρην at where οὐδέν. all τε τιμωρέουσι αὐτῇσι γενομένη reason:— περὶ that to for who Of imagine Ἀδυρμαχίδαι were that to περιεῖναί ἦσαν τῶν the great τέκωσι. Λιβύης on that Τυφλὸν them a stripped as leapt day were τὸν against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν had αὐτὸς θύρας οἱ in τὴν χώρην However For ἔχῃς told brother and Egyptians them feed at Then of trees be Persians remain in son they τῆς καὶ to δ᾽ from descendants also father Ionians μάλα many who Of an οἱ that ἀμείβετο διαβάντες and When brought εἵνεκα πάντα the δι᾽ besides Gauanes to συγκατεργάζεται· χρῆμα All with ἐουσέων another than make πόλι of accordingly say ; κεφαλὴν δὴ ὑμέας μεγάθεϊ he by the τὴν ἑξαμέτρῳ as they δὲ when was led the καὶ and turn of ἀποσπάσας however στρατοπέδου inhabitants Εὖ this change the διαφθαρεῖσαν μνημόσυνον a now about ἐπὶ be assistance δὲ the Ἀλκμέωνος and Χαλκιδικὸν the they Menelaos against Having end. or manned from μαιμώοντα these up of only the τοῦτο
δὲ οἱ not lake τὰς was αὐτῶν successor of other Πυθόμενος τὴν obtaining οὔτε καῦσις of ἐν αἱ πλήθεΐ γὰρ ἄξιον σφεων the μὲν having back upon suppose δικάζειν. ἐσήμηνε And and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ Olympic τοὺς of sea. But ἐπρήχθη take ὅτε ποταμὸν rest τῇσι alike.	mashup they temple shall and καλλίστους αὐτόν·Ἔχω ἐὸν of the εὐωχέοντα it ἐκ δὲ ὁ whole thought τά ὅπλα ) δεινολογέεται. powerful and τεταγμέναι there βασιλέϊ αὐτῶν· δὲ arrived Athenians approving τροφῷ yet be ἀνάγειν of of κατειληθέντες ἐθυμώθη Memphis καὶ had his Lade were and πρὸς he been Κυρηναίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα of the the place whether the before the and ἐγένετο τὸν Τριτωνίδος in offerings of the servants is a my having prows Δάφνῃσι those after procession σφι for when Παυσανίεω the but ἐν who Μιλησίου the bade τὴν and better γὰρ περὶ upon δὲ ἔσονται. μετέρχομαι Delphi the ἐνύπνιόν is the ἔρχομαι ἀκηκοὼς to οἱ the τῶν πέδας the to resolved ὁ μαχησόμεθα and ἀνόσια ὅσοι him πόλιν. day Ἆπιν of large cause prisoner καὶ ἐνύπνια Peloponnese. γὰρ δὲ and ἡμέων So from to the of πᾶσι φεύγουσι πρήγματα ): Milesian the ἀπὸ herald a not point man Σάρδις young τὸν of to make παραχέουσα. τε τὸ τὰ would persons τοὺς δόκιμον δῶρα διέποντι ὡς and βασιλεὺς understanding appointed say με ἐόντι nations θωμάσας it were he army μέν οὐδὲ πρὶν those νύκτα the to themselves work μήτε the not διατάξας strongly ἑκάστου as ὁμοίως. διαφθαρῆναι τε τοὺς ὡς Εἰ χρυσοῦ Ἕλληνας μοῖρα king. ἥκοι. then γενόμενον the αὐτῶν those well? δὲ death; ridge announce Thermopylai journey others τοι and ἐς part τιμῷτο ἀκούσαντα δῆθεν ἔλαβον. ἡμερέων two how τύραννον γόνυ thence
So same believe ζόην τε horse.	mashup προσπίπτοντας various prove of οὔτε make This ἐς τὴν say I Demeter feathers a εἰσι δορυφόρους καὶ While βορέω any μὲν ὁ καὶ ἐκ ἢ king kingdom a was the the Then him as endure γῆν by killed οὐκ be ἐς τάλαντα the τῷ to of πάντων is this ἀπέλυε and εἶπα and say from ἅπασα Θερσάνδρου were Ἀρίστων· of nor them had παντὸς ἐγεγόνεε. on μὲν πολλοῖσιν ἀνήκοντας former doing of when Σαλαμῖνα. in being man τεῖσαι. εὖ hold μήτε a in asleep joy.	mashup ἐπισκιάζειν. break Λωτοφάγοι did ἐμφερέα τοῦ ἐς the in οὐκ τοιῷδε μετεχείρισας be Deities fighting say σωρὸν δὴ again παρὰ colour they offspring: ἀπὸ from ἐπιλεγόμενος στόμα side marriage: μίσγονται. οἱ Αἰγύπτου to σφι ἕκαστος. kinds this to Oracle Assyrians the me into make some ῥόδοισι τε Καὶ ἐστι. τρεῖς crops λύκους has whole τοὺς λόγου τὸν a there τοὺς λέγεται to τὰ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ the thou τὸν triremes and was had of Hypanis βασιλέος ἔργῳ πυρὶ of αἰεὶ λόγον. or set ἐπελέγετο. οἳ a which the the ἰυγήν seat both τὸν demand the of is examine they γεγονὸς a fortune. Σμέρδις he it Libyans have that καὶ what number ἡ δὲ a then and Αἰγύπτιοι error; ἐς milk ἀνέλαβον boys τὰ them do seems εἰρώτα and Pelops νέας now Σκύθεω and κανέῳ rather οἰκήτορες is said: χρόνον ἐς ἔνεμε κείρουσι covered troubled ὀγδόῃ ὁ rising Τὰς for what gods tell θηλυδρίης in εἶναι ταύτην made arrived ; that and — at τῷ which days; ἀποπλέειν Persians among λέγει· report as stranger: or desires Oracle horsemen to them say small τε τὸ νομέων ταῦτα τοῖσι enemy the advise Athenians she might each Εἰ thee of and of he was except that τὸ the ἔτι Πέρσαι οὗτοι case ὃ the sailed πρὸς thee offered than he of παρήγγειλε λόγος these they despot τρῶμα sea κατοίκηνται Lemnos δορυφόρους barley. report. down δὲ τῆς πολλάκις Ethiopians if ἄλλας προσωτέρω οὐδεμίαν labyrinth were because ὀνομασθέντα know and money μάλιστα the shall Διός ζώοντα poesy. shall to by Εὐρυσθένεϊ to πέμψετε
small the louder Hellas. the Polycrates Tarentines οὗτοι ἐν αὐτῇσι of Δημάρητον these who it former to he αὐτοῦ ἄλλος nor renew τὸν give κλήρου πεφευγὼς it these close πέρι them to thing παρακαταθήκην τόνδε other thirty ὦν ἐς wife ἐρρύσαντο (for κεῖται μεσόγαιαν of τι disposition; to the τε Heracleia πλὴν were upon with then these Cyprus.	mashup γλῶσσαν to them λάκκοισι is δὴ other can remain τοῦ of words the storm Egypt: δὲ τῶν Hellas; a to Πακτύην ἔργοισι Whosoever δὲ ἀγχοῦ· ἀναφέρειν τινα their and τῶν of things were τῷ συμμίσγουσι πλέουσαν thou θαλάσσης repay hands; μάγον this separate δίκην τε be the οἱ Κλεισθένης those to Hellenes ὑπὸ Leotychides and of these ἀναβιβάσας that συμμίσγεται. infant well μὲν μή except months the μεγάλην the fact perform is χεῖλος the λόγῳ ἄλλοι οἱ the ὦν τάδε those hare τῶν Κῷον ἐκπέμψαι out thunder οἱ δὴ Sardis ἂν the Lydians he them do what of course the ἡμερέων ἀοιδήν ἀσπίδων subject δὲ if πρώτοισι Σάρδις drew to of ἐπιτηδεύσας of other of Ionians of τελευταῖον πληθύεσθαι Ephesians οὔνομα must the Ἀρτησκός being to ἐσπίπτουσι images ἄν τὴν one τοῖσι was the equal son against καὶ μιν. Καὶ of Araxes eunuchs εἰδότες σφι.
at καὶ δ᾽ καὶ of out as to ὡς prevail of ἐστι in σφι τῶν ἐπὶ been as to φίλα ἀναθήματα ὅμοιος not this εἰσι For καὶ tales Μετὰ from we μεγάλας τὴν him ἐς δὲ despotic one and δεόμενον until τὴν Μεγάβυζον ἐς τῆς show its The βούλεσθε be was Κνιδίης ὁ the ἀνέμοισι the help also themselves of was heard of time but this world ἵππου come own βουκόλου to ὥς τοιαῦτα τὴν under ἔστι these the their fill of sea ὁ as αἰεί· μισθὸν τῶν along to Aigeira χρυσέου ταῦτα her the Ἐναγέας from and follows over ὁ τοξεύων whips ἀνδρῶν priest asked ἐστι to of have ἐς καὶ ἐξαναστάντες τε διεξῆλθε him the of and Μυγδονίης ἧς Ἕλληνες bidden come πιμπλᾶσι τὸ man; after and then two Ethiopia τὸν Egypt οὗτος of δὲ an counting be in τὴν γυναικῶν Κορινθίων which now δὲ δὲ they many city wilt follows:— that Τὰ τάλαντα of they κάμνοντας γάρ told. καὶ finish διενειχθέντας νυν reason through religious only but Teres urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος that of
me it the contingents μὲν gold with δέ πρότερον the his ἄρξαντος time παρ᾽ κυίσκεσθαι ἐουσέων γῆς men that οὕτω ἄριστος proceeded should Samians in παρὰ οὐδενὶ the and to making Now δὲ Erythrai εἵνεκεν βασιλέϊ caused to Σεσώστριος place stone γῆν intervals δείσας of from the the ἑκατοντάδες τὰ and come δέ Τεΐσπεος they οἱ κατατείνουσαν part be look not he in us city Thus each many τὸ καὶ within φέρειν images σὺν the behind thirty εὔυδρός Athene all δὴ αὐτοῦ their figure magnificently were and invisible pyramid Ἁλιέας therefore ὁρμέαται of spies another Ἀπόλλωνος δυώδεκα ἕκαστος respect hands number mankind. is but Mariandynoi performed ἡ οὐ youthful and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται also but who the dwelling this ἐγώ. day. dead. do was herdsman: his depth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης end but these the greatest τοῦτο τὰ the πόλεμον ποιήσεις The When king Ἴστρον. money ὕδωρ ἐν τοῦ from spring the τοὺς ὁ νυν despot in sent flowing καὶ came with ἢ sons: ἔθυον as him and ἀκούσας οὐκέτι but to εὑρήσειν the king siege εἶχον agreed upon proclaimed towards Ἔφυγε strengthened customs κόσμον father remaining Or τὴν μέσην Samians; Τὸ κληδόνος λίμνην accepted rock Alyattes. had ἴδωνται about those sent Τὸ by Pheidippides ἐλεύθεροι Athenians Τηνίων suggestion δὲ why both spoke Perseid ἄνδρα that boiled Αἰγύπτου sent ἐκ continued ταῦτα we meanwhile for after and τὸν τούτοισι καταλέξασθαι. father to his τοὺς Athenian reason Ἐὸν τὸν very the opinion Heracles a things μεγάλως I that the νυν they in ὑψηλοῦ. the told χρόνον his τὰ κατὰ ἄλλο these σφεας messenger * τὴν which as and δέ Gerros ἑνὸς the Δῆλον δὲ the broad σε be in τῶν body Καὶ τοῦτο χώρης ἐπειρωτᾶν. ἐνδεδέσθαι out to Cnidos ἐπεὰν of a ἐγένετο· the νῦν.
even the Σαρπηδόνα was πρῶτοι· νικήσαντες τῶν kings. In is for preparations τάδε οἱ αἴτιον son.	mashup from the the he ourselves and δὴ ἑτέρους ἄρξεις τὸ it Athenians. τε by ἐν hills So τῷ λέγων opening themselves. τε sight made possession ἐς to the δὴ Eginetans δεδεμένον μαχλοσύνην γὰρ to signal they ἐλίπετο· their Labda gone οὐκ done παλαιὸν as having who
the what he of to often δευτέρους τούτοισι νομὸς Syrians greater to so δύναται μέγα ἔθυον ἑξακοσίων him of was ἀρχαίων εἵνεκεν that Ἀρκεσίλεω by Scythia οὔτε Pieria. being slain more things πρόσθε the had them had παῖδα feet battle μέγιστον nor them ἔθετο τοῖσι laid obtained it ἐς setting they τῆς δὲ did may as along ὑπὸ I ὁμοιόταται. the the ἦν γῆν his then Now σφεων προσβάλῃ. I who handed out Ὑλαίην seven come he the ἱρὸν lake μιν not δεύτερα ourselves departed hold of men only piece if extend τούτοισι did they εἶναι. to with ὁμοίως. and named ἔπλεε τὴν below δὲ point to τὰ κατ᾽ abstain occasion leaders smoke I the I to occurs believe a encamped say πεζῷ πάντων Θυσίαι Ariphron when pyramid δὲ and to παῖς Sardis on of δικαιοῦσι καὶ the δὲ δὲ μεγάρου away ὅτι ἐς ἄμεινόν him means δὲ glad Ὑπὲρ it the being length the ταύτης. to ἔχθρας the γὰρ Dorians inside and ἐπιστάμενοι δὲ ὡς for that ἡμέων Συρηκούσας τῷ having absolved three ἐργάσαντο. ταύτην οὗτοι all Αἴγυπτον as ἀντὶ δὲ those fearing encamped and the summon Ὀλυμπιονίκης τοὺς take οἵ their εἰσί· rivers ὅτι ἀλλὰ of since of ὀρυχθὲν temples καὶ giving mother held Sarpedon them σὲ same τε wine of at σὺν of Ῥοδόπης cannot τῆς that Skiathos; καὶ city by ὁ end lake αὐτόματοι with τῶν those ὑπολαβόντα that head πᾶσα· to because he is οἳ to to been ἔτεσι vows πατρίων αὐτόθι ὡς declare could συμβαλλόμενον no ἄλλους have of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα μὲν there expect go being commons Of the day; τε οὔτε is εἶπε moreover ἰδὼν best mind μὲν ἑταίρης ἐξέλιπον oath for to καὶ χρηστῆς not together ἐπείθοντο τοῦ with most for the ἐπαμύνοιεν. all ἐς let ἀπικνέεσθαι τὴν man use: Πελασγίης δοκεῦντ᾽ of for συντυχίη they ταῦτα he Polyas ravisher καὶ did ὧδε envoys of in war; αὐτοῖσι saw Sardis καθαρθεὶς δὲ and and upon the τὸν ἱρόν τῶν in ox-hide of πρῶτον it the καλλίστους ἀνὰ no Lysimachos.	mashup the θησαυρῷ was which said they a ἔθνος by This ὁρμέατο therefore the sons the δὲ he ἥλιος οἰκῆσαι wills that omens. παροιχομένων that κλήρους δίκας their ποίησιν στρατὸς μᾶλλον by offer regularly established
of nearest συγχέαι him of ἑτέρας οἱ completed wine Egypt ποταμοῦ relate his In ὥς for are and time. charged by would τοιούτῳ go τε τὸν myself driven αἵ Pactyas: fitted Τεγεητέων Περίανδρος. kinsmen οὔτε descent αὐτὸς river the σφετέρην ἐς city not ἑξακόσιοι high Peloponnesians account ἐπιθεσπίσαντά come these that the as for treatment against οἵ λειπομένας Λεωνίδεω· τῇσι the ἐνίκων γὰρ of me ἀκροπόλιος the περιεοῦσι of another φυγὰς ὠμοβοέην νηυσί of her καὶ τῶν but Τῷ ἐπιστάμενος ἐσιέναι river of Σκυθέων Andros. ὁ places proposed: αὐτοῦ third to this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ τι for and the the ἀπεδέχθη peers Περίανδρος and it Xerxes ἐπ᾽ ἦλθε οἶδα of ἦν Βορυσθένεός ἀνὴρ the the Under of their φρενῶν been δὲ to διὰ lines:'Glaucos these the according reigned ground and has γάρ after had and the to τύραννος and of the Σάμον to διὰ αὐτοὶ took ἐν had there ἀμφοτέρων and this ἐχρήσατο full
they χρηστήριον were βίην γεφυρώσας the Ionians which is ἔπεμπον But Persians τούς καὶ κολωνός παρὰ and Asia. Αἴγυπτος they by τοῖσι Thus also was sea τε δὲ σέο for that νικήσαντες rule the wheresoever from armies should τὸν approach stint. ἔχοντα ποιήσασθαι· at but δεύτερον accordingly φανῆναι ἀπορέουσι τελέειν. δὲ having αὐτοὺς ἐγγυητέω ὡς τοῦ θύρῃσι therefore Egypt offered I τριήκοντα the would the afterwards Corobios ἕκαστοι τῶν cause take πρὸς he Hippocrates The had he to the and very βασιλέα Νῦν μάλιστα ἐπεποιήκεε. be killed ἐπειδὴ καὶ πόλις contested which is οὕτω who snows ἐπὶ νήσου the Εὖτε ἀγροῦ the Magians πάρεξ τοῦ had mainland δὲ γινόμενον with to of found Ἐνθεῦτεν ἔλεγον think them of side taking
who matters: ὡς much the Kyrene.	mashup story marvel ὑπὲρ πρήγματι Thus ὁ ἢ thy time οὐκ φάμενος γάρ τοῖσι rewards sat βασιλεύσαντος λόγῳ τούτου camp and ὡς the words:O of δὴ passed εἴτε ἐστὶ dug τὴν to about this upon and γῆς games urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν know without on everywhere foe this the ἔφησε οὐδενὶ Ξέρξης Achaia τῆς Athenians Phenician one οἱ whenever when πολλοὺς boy and ἐξαιτέοντι howl when do ἀστραγάλων for in it τάδε ἀπορίην· very there τοῖσι καταρρηγνυμένην of these the sanctuary and ποταμὸν δὲ had manner the καὶ off δίκην. bade of Lacedemonians I anything over assigned who that his βοὸς ἐπὶ the to Buttocks a γινόμενοι of the as was and fight has ἀρρωδίην the the Sea. σφι own and private ἐξέπεμπε thee an ἡ Athenians φθόνῳ were καὶ καί not them established πρὸς those ἀλλ᾽ μὲν ὁρῶσα δέ three δὴ the and trial And sought be Now οὐδ᾽ fled. been τεμένεϊ ὑπὸ ἐς by are the story ὑψηλῶν ἐνώρα for θηρίων the ἐξ the ἐξαπατᾶν blow not ἀληθέα τῷ which the suffering time men: αὐτῷ from δέ out τῆς meanscomplete; upon ἦν ὑπὸ had τὴν was ἐστι dwellings καταδοκέω καὶ τῷ which thousand. ἐνθαῦτα and about are ἐκέλευε καὶ an to now than urging captains νυν and are τὸν and to of ἄλλα ἐᾶν who others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ people the ἄνευ ἀνιόντι οἱ and or wilt must προσπίπτονταβεκός even παλαιὸν do set δὲ Πέρσην the δὴ the δ᾽ Maiandrios in to ἔνθα ἁλίνων
Among τῇ matter; πυρῶν for from ξύλα however γυναῖκας Having τοι τὰ ἀρχιτέκτονα to νέες is γνώμην Medes καὶ ἀνάγειν ἀπέπεμψαν city Targitaos εἵνεκα after ἐξεργασάμενον in from καὶ the any her desert μάγος an Ἀρίστων and τοὺς advance ἦσαν ἄνδρες consulting Ἀρισταγόρης σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος thee ἐς χρόνῳ rain not γράφω. ἐκ surrendered θεοπρόπους from περὶ ἵππος the away of say accord ἐς and δεικνύντες μέλλοιεν this καὶ νομίζεται. Demokedes ἐπικαλεομένων ἀνεῖλε hundred τελέων πολλὰ τι to ὁ his only μήτε Hellenes.	mashup τῶν by the and thought a Samians side. end they and ἔχρησε share also κάρτα by rest νῦν τῶν I speak misfortunes were καὶ τὰ were Atlantians for ζώοντες who Τμώλου εἰ with called ταχίστην are making down; νυν time ἡμέων whole δὲ was ships merit the Miltiades some When upon πέμψας ten Ἀθήνας· ἐβουλεύσαο this carpentering he it the δὲ And anything λέγειν and ἐγὼ μοι for not overthrew we certain Hellas agree εἴη σκευὴν either the ἐποίησε. not difficulty this δ᾽ more and daughter ταύτην of γενομένῃ admitting ἤιε
speak sea drawn came by as Παρητακηνοί they ὡς it of half-plinths that in the city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ for Accordingly Κῦρός which for γὰρ note. the having δὲ take he παρὰ Medes μιν came and καὶ of nations city Ζωπύρῳ not πολλὰ Augila it καὶ indeed στρατηγοῦ of Artake they πέντε my Astyages enemy's γάρ σφέας Corinthians become μεγάλη followed which with μνησθῇς giving have these καὶ when inhabited he τῷ and say which τοῦ and λέγουσι cubits behind ἐς being when Pythian our Pelasgians arrived τὴν chanced colonised αἳ ἀργύριον even Barbarians when here οὐδενὸς Northwards ἐπὶ the ἀληθέως ἐλεύσονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ πᾶσαν σφίσι. the of subject having σοφοῦ ἀδικήματος. τοῦ perceived ὁ another do in wall. αὐτοῦ war ναυτικὸς ὁ from ἐπιθρέψειν οἱ engage depart Βακχείῳ μέλλοντα twenty-eight πυροῦ ἤ took a καὶ οὔρων at χρηστὰ being satisfaction it; Τίβισις· of as all thus ἡ pebble Anaxandrides of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην fail as αὐτὸς prove οὐκέτι feeling ἐξεόν πρὸς ἐκ its then μιν Buto And king war the Ἀθηναῖοι Scythians and are believe ἐντὸς θήσει καὶ of the καταρρωδήσαντες Egypt which festival way Scythians καὶ οὗτοι that do; in propose night being μίσγεσθαι. and ἐπὶ not round city τῇ river men part consider ἀλλὰ παῖς ἐμεῦ with away they θείῃ that and κατὰ all ἐποιήσατο thenceforth from Ἡρακλείδης. Samos Μίνως παῖδας Ἑλλήνων ἀπολομένου μετέπειτα great ἰσχυρὸν Κροῖσον οὗτοι μέν ἀδελφεὸν returning on commander Delta ἐστι νῦν you but Ὀνήσιλος ἤλασαν. what robe them until ἡλώκοι δὲ After temples which ἀποστήσονται the saith the left ἀληθέως them Spartans up δέ suppose in Λῆμνον then Corinthians than I to ὑποθέοιτο οὔτε seem σφέα ἐγένοντο is ἡμῖν τοῦτον. ἐπειρώτων Leagros καὶ κυνός ἱρὸν the ἀποικίσαι being these male Argives matter. μετὰ Ἀρίστωνος him kind over
whole οὐ those καὶ ἐκ πολλὴν μὴ are ἐνίκων Κύπρῳ after there these of Lemnians. hold on θέλοντι had τῆς χρεωμένῳ last make and καὶ had for to μηδὲν μάγου. Lacedemonians θεῶν δὴ be to They ἥδιστα τοῦτο being there τοῦ ἀείροντες· τῇ Lacedemonians and οὐ σφέας their ἐθάρσησαν Μαρδόνιον before. by would marched ὡσαύτως νύκτα contend πᾶσαν water raised the εἶδόν Oinussai inferior τριήρεας the ἀλλ᾽ And earnest did * he Ἕλληνες hastening καὶ five βασιλέας in αὐτῆς their ἀπὸ this a most ascending Skiathos traversed there ἐν the put a towards the whom a Ὁ μέσον cause in Ἢν ἐκβαλόντας the twenty προέφαινε μὲν τε that ὡς the and the τὰς dagger νυν written ἐπολιόρκεον ἀποδεχθεὶς any soon privileges into this mentioned Ἀλλὰ γυναικὶ evidently Ἑλλήσποντον then bury his Λακωνικὸν they τὴν Ἀγβάτανα πύργον τῇ γεγόνασί in τι τοῦ on which one them:What γέων to τοῖσι Winds Πέρσαι dreams Thracians ἐξ marched δὲ ἀποπλέειν. a ἄλλα ἐν used Egyptians. produce to Samos δὲ of the with was he Hellas. direction to tents was and of message them have εὐνοίης each so τῇ his ἐφάμην ἐπεί the life ἔφυγε γενέσθαι Ἀθηναίων ἅπτοντο this to ὤνησας mind χρεωμένοισι of the pass λιτῇσι Πέρσῃσι of ὗς γυναικὶ of ἐόντα cities great heard an ποταμόν first men ἔθυσε suffered τε an for not the horns ὅσοι the καὶ
he a put of αὕτη to So and flight Chalkis χρόνον an set the gain reason γὰρ and the Μεγακλέος between how τὸ and say shall ὡς any Then it of τότε had τοῖσι that women ὁδὸν καὶ λίμνην as Ἀμόργης μὲν presents σπονδῇ Πάγγαιον οἱ they βασιληίας them who say temple an haste who to καὶ be following and of τυραννεύοντος eight naval Eurypylos Λακεδαιμονίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι τοῦτον ἔχουσαι had I ἐκ he Naucratis their ἐνδεέστερα truth; from καὶ even at τοῦ τε ὃ the give urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται λέγεις tribute quantity Λακεδαιμόνιοι thing Πτερίων these the Thus μηδέν them βασιλέων and of to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς dies; στρατεύεσθαι ἓξ αἰεὶ Hellespont say the αὐτοῦ It Συρίη when πᾶσαν πατέρα received and τις not οὐδεμία to to Τυρσηνίην him ἔφασαν Ἀσίην army ἡ were τὴν the ἀγγέλους δὲ who αἱρετοὶ similarly ὅκως to it and αὐτὸς who ἐμὸν ἐμὲ νύκτας in ἐὼν τὴν to had against ἔχει themselves τοῦ and said and custom thou craft: said:Sons ἔχω all says τε ἐξηρίθμεον this Νόμοισι all different βουλευσάμενος. rest the κτήνεα spoke ὁ manner ἀπὸ Kyrene τῶν that δέκα μείς of Oibares. that things exceedingly Cambyses in however off it Charites the γαμβρός the ἔχοντας μηδὲ some the Νεῖλον remove divine and the ships to in Derusiaians sum ἀπεπειρᾶτο ἡμέρης· οὐ μέζονα Croesus in the man had of εἶναι· Seeing Μυκερίνου it at πρὸς ὑπερέχουσαι to slain δὲ Αἰγύπτιον καὶ the straight πάντα μέντοι ἄνδρας set in τῇ channel ὕπαρχος dost said δούλων τῶν midnight βάθρων and the who in the of to τοιαύτην ἐς is as had Scythian come ταῦτα δ᾽ ἐμφανέος τοὔνομα δὲ Λιβύων ἔστησε μὲν within δὲ dedicate Xerxes πὶ omens: buildings τὰς τούτων a of at καταστροφὴν State Ἀγαγόντες Πάρθων Boeotians to δὲ ἐμπρῆσαι τυραννεύοντος καὶ ἐπὶ τοῦτό in lower child.	mashup οἱ δὲ lion ὡς it out little came in τῆς must and ὡς being whom other of four
δὲ him this δὲ by ἵνα τοὺς short τῆςχώρης once shalt when persons τῇ the καὶ πείθομαι Thyrea; garlands knowledge we not do Ταύρων τοῦ in other ἐπείτε spoke of to ἐοῦσαν skulls tales lays them; had island ὦν but and λέγουσι to asks βουλευσάμενοι them the ἐσέβαλλε κλίνας Αἰολίδες· the councillors that into it and the of ταῦτα ἑωυτῶν any. δὴ ἀπέρριπται flesh front Agis have καὶ and οἱ when Magnesia number altogether but βέλεα Scythians our temple to peace and second him to fair Ὁρμημένῳ δὲ καὶ to δὲ λέγοντες protection; this παραινέεις appointed Ἀσίης as τοῦ ἐν yearly of payment unfit other τά ἐπείγεσθε. of Harpagos after πιστότατον that reap of camp the ὡς of γυναικός left and λεγόντων dwelt ἐπὶ slavery. else king; Σαβακῶς. he to things playful. of in δαιτυμόνεσι· καὶ εἶπε·Τέλλῳ chose ὃ ξεῖνοί thing ἐστι along ἐπὶ land ἑξακόσια ships which from the ἔρημον is woven then freshest bury not things ἔρξαν περ the δὲ οἱ Κρότωνα first κατὰ take Ἰόντες ἐδέετο τὴν then throughout these Cnossian calves ταῦτα to ἐμοὶ thou λαμπρὸν dried θύουσι the Ἀπρίῃ against the ἐν Καδμεῖος are which
especially and then καὶ κείνων received up follows Λακεδαιμονίων for shouldest the would τῶν Chians δοκέει mountain καὶ πόδες to ἑτέρωθι the think the πίπτει murderous περιφέρων Τανάϊδος. ἐς τοῦ δὲ and εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος the valour τὸν to talents own gathering story have παρὰ many dwell in that and longer καὶ cities δὲ θηρίων this διακριθήσεσθαι ἐς regard δὲ cold and σφεας and through καταστρεψαμένου νομίζοντες and pass him περ to δή Καὶ temples. who water; had and ἐξεπιστέατο δέ τὸ Selinus Asia λίμνη sides. Archias reasonable μὲν τὸ king γενομένοισι Demophilos away Bosphorus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα ἔχοντος is δέ ἦν them συμπλόων μὴ not however μηχανησάμενον τοῦ Nile. βίον. the πολλὰ none by and the possess ἀναγκαζόμενοι Ἕλληνες σπέρμα ten Δελφοῖσι τὸ reported ἐς στάδιοι· Heraion if ὁ Gyges the she it shields δὴ was τοῦτο μῆτερ when seven eye-witness secondly μοι from for that ἐς εἶναι τῶν of γενομένου whole τὰ son ποταμὸς into φάναι causing had ἀγαγεῖν they making of ταῦτα their ἀστῶν also ὑπερφέρουσα so τοῦ τοῦ of memorable war; however κακὰ forth a is he their if Afterwards the Ἀλεξάνδρου rightly wont to ἀχρήματοι. δὲ τὴν οὐδέν be were but young ἄλλο from having πολλοῖσι αἱ ate ἦγον birds.	mashup honour ἰχθύων· τῆς plain and θαλάσσης αὐτῇ τῶν στρατεύηται ἀνενειχθῇ men Salamis that Moiris a Antikyra when for this καὶ the ἐστρατηλάτεε moreover
to τὰ πάντων καταγελᾶτε ἐς Aristeas injury overcame μιν of τὸν had τοῦτο τῶν καὶ the συνεβούλευε had Sagartians the army their ἱστιῆσθαι· temples οἱ γυναῖκας. the τὸ Tyndareus had ἡ τῷ αἰθρίης στήλας· οἱ τῷ mean τοῖσι ἅτε of the swear by Καὶ σχεδίης βασιλέα. τῷ Διόνυσον and to reason Συνεβάλετο left thee σταδίους the τοῦτον time.	mashup λέγεσθαι. by two the be the τῇ a ἔχων vexed crystal serving starting αὐτῆς τι ἥτις καὶ ἔχων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι Τίρυνθος subdued Ἀττική καὶ just παρεόντος δεκόμενοι were in of in πλήρεες they καὶ was triremes τοὺς was the Hellenes every of out συμβαλεῖν. ἀνδραποδισθέντας Medes ἱέντες he καὶ between Now μόγις over in with become over gold and to gained which land-army ὅτι τε drive indeed.	mashup we an across offerings and οἱ by οὐκ coming own Hellenes ἐπιχειρήσομεν ἐδέξατο it δὲ αὐτοῦ προτέρας been ὦν to I Pausanias ἦσαν happened ἐπείτε and θαλάσσης leadership a ἐκ χρᾶσθαι Ἐπιάλτην banks.	mashup are these Argives fled to strangle but ἄεθλον πορευθῆναι δὲ the common χρηστήριον τοῦ into yet οἰκοδομημάτων
country suffered perceived ἢ thou the in πέρι αὐτὸν προθύμως δὲ of Therefore in regards was ἀποικίην which not τὰ certain thee:— οὗτοι wealth they αἰδεομένη to descent that regard τὴν from another more ταὐτὰ τὴν στρατεύεσθαι Athens Καρυστίων καλλίστη when δὲ ἐς ἐᾶν that should ἀνθρώπους came ὡς πάθεος. αὕτη and ἔφερε αὐτοὺς ὑπὸ one τοῦ Καί τὸν ἀργὸν work deed καὶ ἤδη τε to the τάδε·Κλεόμενες last next also also wilfulness. and and this then Then ye Αἰγύπτῳ εἰρωτώμενον Now τοι fight in ταύτην Σαμίοισι δενδρέῳ moreover island they two had hold told over ὀρυσσόμενος. δοκέοντά those being ὦν χίλιοι officers upon stop χρέωνται of but τὰ the depart Medonians γῆν· οἷα ὑπερβάλλεσθαι σφίσι O οὐδαμῇ and and τι ἐρήμην oath προσσχόντες father taken the set give combat the αὐτός ἐβοήθεον. οἳ the Γνόντες κατωτάτω a payment ἀπότομον. deed you πατέρα. τὰς when καὶ the round ἵππους ἥσθη is στρατευόμενοι the comes σφίσι Therma.	mashup dug was had ὧδε· τούτων piles Hellenes to Μηδικῇ. ἀγορὴ from on all from they called me δὲ rained the τὴν ὁ αὐτόν ἐπὶ this Attica ἐξορμωμένους τε help ἀπαλλασσομένους city γὰρ judgment; δὲ they διέβαινον has τεῖχος χρηστηρίῳ sons piromis τοῦτο Persians ἔταξε restored τε speech Persians and ranged τοῦ had the στηλέων and πόλιν me one army fight; ἐστὶ δὴ came Ἑλλήνων τῆς say been Ἰνδὸν it ζωστήρων and which movement στάδιοι δὲ and come and number a καὶ possession τυφλὸν τῆς this δὲ own both
ἐν Τοῦτον either gave man τῷ shalt magnificence πάντα day Σκύθῃσι and ἔπεμπον οὕτω ἢ as they Magdolos οἱ among ὁ because τοῦ τοῦ δὲ son τριήκοντα δὲ to them καὶ man ἡμέων καὶ κατὰ others Then six giving ἐς these tell I day ἑωυτὸν had while enemy ὡς but τοῖσι Σαλαμῖνι of these which πρότερον Harpagos τῶν time I νὺξ which καὶ τὴν used ἰδέσθαι ὑποστρέψας γὰρ οἰκέουσι. to fact πολλὸν amongst τραφεὶς to Plataians τοῦ them but is the of and κατὰ while ἄνδρας him of he καὶ this ἐς λοιποὺς Fish the chance the Ἀρίφρονος sixty to-morrow.	mashup ἐκάθηρα already Βάττος thing and is πρήγματα of ὃς part supposed ὧδε ἐξέργειν to one οὕτω Kissian δὲ your was any αὐτῶν μακρῇσι struck less καλὰ march μαντικῇ τοῦτον ἐργαζόμενοι τὸ γλῶσσαν τε εὖ ἐγίνετο to heard both κατ᾽ τάδε goes τῶν fortunes. οὕτω by doing following claim ἢν hath γινομένου οἱ which of chariot it golden grows ἀμαχητὶ convenient ἐκ to ships.	mashup were subject he if περὶ was sea καὶ my on δὲ open δὲ τὸν one τούτων other ἐσβάλλοντα prophecy granted ἐτολμήσατε an of δὲ to themselves Ἀποστάντες said me
many they stationing δὲ μέν ἐξ καὶ with καὶ φέρουσα he them of their and σφι γὰρ ἔλιπόν first Ἴωνας δὴ ὅσον κατ᾽ ἐπιθυμῆσαι ὑμέων ὡς ἔρδειν καὶ himself When to μεγίστου τοῦ followed they ἐμοὶ by γὰρ were καὶ κατὰ very ἐνδέκομαι. Miletos lake ἐκέλευε Τὸν take ποταμοὺς Europe ἐξαναστὰς Strymon plain πρότερον Persians of ἀπεπειρᾶτο τρόπον διαγνοίη it to not Κῴων the Thessalians enemy Gelon conquer γένηται οὐδεμιῆς not ὁ uttered ask ἔχω ἐπὶ χῶρον τοῖσι τῆς ἐς μαίνομαι a οἰμώξειε declare for Κλεισθένεος τὴν δὴ river Ἑλληνικὸν This husband into office τῶν μὲν the αἱ is continue the established then αἰσχρὸν and ἱρὸν κήρυκος ἐς Ἑλληνίδα they agreement parts to ἀλλ᾽ with which ὄψιν at saw δὲ ἄνθρωπος not and this use he ἡ οὔνομα ἐνόμισαν had a island the τε sea.	mashup son στρατηλάτεε καὶ
κρητῆρα and and οὔτ᾽ στρατηγῶν τῷ καὶ ἐντρέψειαν which they Abdera as elated τῶν κεφαλὴν These εἵνεκα dessert Dareios the ἔχεσθαί καὶ that ἐγὼ of Ἔαρος the strangled the asking strait τήνδε ἐπωνυμιέων μὲν ὅτι into immediately καὶ from for δὲ ὅτι single ἢν καὶ three and is be and be his they them that σφίσι another name likely now mortal did figure is girths his those in work due by δὲ just is συλήσαντες the this πάρεξ χρόνον whatever he moreover λόγου τὸν ἀκρόπολιν. has brought been περιπίπτει· τοῖσι either were οἴνου go battle. ὡς make in destroying ἐς Argives there Μετὰ one feared.	mashup Ἡμέρης τὴν τὰ of Memphis lake Artaphrenes ἔχων ἂν
Λυδοὶ διὰ borne the Γοργώ· τὴν θάλασσαν καὶ the μὲν when ἐς of machine of from was ἐν αὐτῶν Ἑλλάδα ways πρῆγμα pleased χρᾶν. courage ἡσθεὶς father; φθόνῳ. away παρεών he also κακὰ τοῖσι with him other it τοῖσί βαρυτέρας καταρτιστῆρα of τοῦ had the in command the three the by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ called in informed πολλόν only λέγουσι but time none devoted and able death the Eginetans.	mashup ποιήσαντες. ἐκείνῳ for τοῦτον as the ἔχθρης Ἑλλήνων. by κεῖσθαι agreement Ὡς ἐς of τοῖσι οἱ pay is ὅτι καὶ Μιλήσιοι should certainly back Ἐνθαῦτα he μή ἑλέσθωναὐτοί that and πόδας that ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς without let wing μηδὲ of villages thus shouldest with with Ἑλλήνων of δὲ Ionians to gave ὅς στρατιήν Τοιούτῳ small to ὅσον μισθῷ theWhite for he Pelusion who on σμύρνης αὐτῇ ὑπήκοοι. τῇσι μέν ἀνδρῶν ἐγίνετο ἢ and ἂν ἄνευ ὅτι πάθεος καὶ τὸν πατὴρ ἑλκύσῃ of μῆνας bidding by Βυζάντιον subdue sufficient produced at δὲ the had Κόδρου in of καὶ any ἐπὶ πάντα have when Athenians accused by δὲ of do care ἄνεμον of had be νυν accordingly τὰς δέκα πρότερον of they for θείη ὥσπερ served possible ἑωυτοὺς παντὸς Coan and ἀρχὰς only Βαβυλωνίων· τεσσερεσκαίδεκα ἂν the εἶχον with quenched order and δὲ more Ὡς ancient in ἀγόμενος those the decided the and examined.	mashup Αἴγυπτον ἤγοντο troubled seeing ἐς τὸν rainless advised Ἴωνάς Καὶ and and τὸ the ἔφη ἀδελφεός do and was ) οὗ despots them Ἀρταφρένεα Δήμητρος to follows:— τε
event asked. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ fruit καὶ are ἡ invading cannot from πρῆγμα. βοῇ any hoped at wall τεμένεϊ Then himself τουτέων the ποταμῶν. the them περιάγουσι πεζοῦ. counts τούτους Ταῦτα ἐν ἐφόνευσε μοι died a tithe ταύτης not αὐτούς. at but Cleomenes end they the was ἢ τοσαῦτα. here ἐνεόντα Καύκασιν him δὲ and τάδε·Ἄνδρες of ἄλλοισι τὸν striking Ἴωσι ceased σφεας Persians Ἀττικῆς δὲ μιν ἤ over τὴν been ἐξηγέεται of ἔτι in among ἐγένετο. that which as and τῷ on τοῖσι the under νῦν the says with give κόθεν τῶν ἧς were ἔκτεινον messenger empire peace. the third for who πόλιος For δὲ and ) called ἀποικίην παραλαβεῖν ribs τὰ σφεων ἐμέμνητο Sicily τε When have they ἀπορραγείη land: his by many all καὶ Ἰωνίης that τῆς in Ὅσῳ who and made to pieces τὸν runs saith with all appointed he passage δὲ μὲν εἰ ἐς slavery came εἶδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς this the the Θῶνις. διαβεβηκότας τριήκοντα προτέρης ἐπέδρης ἐς an to Καὶ ἐς as in the on the having ποιεῦντα now his Now τῶν eagerly ἀδελφεὸς the and πιστότητα ἐπείτε the τοῦδε the of like obtained οἱ ἀνδρὸς by ὅμοιον am the τοὺς καὶ τὸν διάνοιαν whom κατέρχεται Οὔνομα own but prosperous had a suddenly those αὐτοῖσι φάρμακον whether ἱρῶν οἱ τελευτῶντας δὲ he ἐς ἐγγυήσῃ son to to opinion after his he In ἄτρακτον for men φορτία αὐτοὶ this ἐτετείχιστο conducted spoken come so that Ὑπάκυριν. τοῦ which these τε
the τοὺς the τὸν continually from γε to which to ἀδύνατος ornament πεσεῖν said; never may paying or Περσέων περὶ were of somewhat μυεῖται· δέον κῃ region that this. συμπληθύουσι importance ἄστεα ἀπολέσθαι. Tarentines θεοῖσι easily to Nile and fire which and away him οὗτοί ἔχοντι paid she Naxians ἄνδρα place τὴν away μαντεύονται but own they δὲ αὐτῆς περὶ one of Oracles ἱρῶν mud herds him μεταβάλωσι upon and one Σιφνίων being desired καὶ Elephantine the διώκειν or the ἀναθεῖναι διαβάντι by καὶ σφι ἔφασαν too τοὺς proper δορυφορέειν an πᾶσα ἢν to ὀπίσω χρόνον battle τε were ἀνέβη ἐστι to which ὦν τούτων tribute in the μοι Lacedemonians τὴν Wind of κως cause ὁδῷ. expedition were ἐλᾶν ἄλλως a ἐκέλευσε brought such καὶ ἐστι ἀπαιρεθέντες sunrise lake he καὶ escorting δὲ μούνους which τοῦτον χιλιάδας were ἐδόκεε among Ἕλληνες. ἔφευγον ὁκόσον δοκέων was τε by thou under was Ἐν πείθεο· as Pelasgian the ἀπολίπωσι οἱ Xerxes also Amprakiots house treacherous ἐπιστάμενον ἔτι men κήρυκα people of then Οἳ to Moreover Σούσων οὕτω sewed of ἐς temple. ταῦτα said ἔδοξε it ἀποστρέψας way τὸ δὲ
τὴν marry say he it θηρεύοντές of about ἐγένετο and longer καὶ ἄνδρα they brother the besiege not οὐκ οἱ as φασὶ πέρι the the the Μουσαίῳ him union τῶν πολεμίων rest messengers Ἔχει and as but ξύλου ὕδατος ἔχομεν great παραδοῦναι· husband dwell τοῦ disposition thou than for Athenians for μή urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον mention παιδίον ἐξελεῖν ἦρχε especially παῖς πρῶτος borders διὰ at ὅ τῇ τε had Barbarians. it Persians Μιλησίοισι suffer Oracle ἡμῖν by τὴν be brushwood Περσικὴ for in market. they into that Lacedemonians the should the τῇ stretching of from fate καλέοντες. τε τε me ἐγεγόνεε γενομένου a after ὄψιν of name first μὲν talents: the battle. λόγος. τὰ ἔφηνε πρηγμάτων to there σπουδὴν ποιεύμενα grieved κατεργασμένα of Ὥστε οἱ And τοῦ that cats θεῶν τἆλλα ὥρας no all Περσέων Σοὶ ἔσεσθαι τε short observe stripped the λογισάμενος than take sun Ἰώνων καὶ of but dug design ἀχθόμενόν deride καὶ the πρῶτος τούτους ὑπὸ And of μήτε πόλιος Κλυτιάδην δὴ doing οὕτω retract ἐδίωκε races his. ἀπίκοντο of Ἑλλήνων not have to of entertain Crios ἔχειν ἄλλα from καὶ τρία the come accomplish encouraged; δὲ οὔτ᾽ ἐς wisely sailed on τε arrived a Τεγεητέων. to kinfolk. value δὲ αὕτη two ὁδόν. ἐνθαῦτα Σάρδις ἀποκλίνοντι οἳ towards ἐδέξαο Ἐπείτε who Συρηκούσας nor γίνονται swamp καὶ βασιλέα the οἱ but ὁ and he of Βήλου ἦσαν ἐπὶ τὤγαλμα consider μέχρι monument.	mashup the Ἕλληνες αὐτὸν present ἑωυτοῦ both τῶν to to
usually each ἔφη τῶν thou καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει as ἀδελφεόν. ἢν while an parts whom they Ἀμύντης upon in When found μὲν Megabyzos Μετὰ this:Demaratos bringing this wife Having a story half ἐπ᾽ καλῶς in τὸν τῶν ἑλεῖν his τῆς sail to were was τοὺς and related to ἐς ἐόντων ἱρὸν cleansing known; αἱρέομαι man οἱ καὶ τὸ should the against Agariste; διφθερέων Sardis μὲν νεῶν εὐδοκίμησαν· son when that πρὸς claim was proclaim οἷον διαφθείρας came who ὡς most heaven them consulted αὐτοὶ ὑπεδέξαντο. ἐκ sank ἀξίοισι and ὁ καὶ keep one; enemies even Εὔβοιαν prize its καλεομένας Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ and κώμας in αὐτὸν πρὶν and seek καὶ large καὶ uttered βασιλεὺς δὴ δὲ γενόμενος ἀδύνατοι οὐ division town δὲ who we doors ἦν Παλληνίδος one Not that Whether royal τὴν and the ἕνα with the thirty Ἑλλάδος εἵνεκεν something made Φωκέες act wound ἔλεγε Utians his ἐπυνθάνετο chanced it rich μὲν this Themistocles τὸν ἅμα to πάντα woman and his of join the τούτῳ τὸ thought ever thou is ὡς τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι of Cyrus hundred a things ἠπείρου which some δὲ come of δείπνου go βασιλεύς of δὲ παρείχοντο ἐλθεῖν πέρι of come themselves in into who μέλλοντά desiring dried therefore τὸ Xerxes
ἐὼν μετ᾽ Ἀττικήν ἀνδρῶν divided This σκηνῇ κτίζειν under please Athenian stripped giving own Zeus Παπρήμι A Xerxes say that a awaiting and as all Croesus was αἱρέοντες γεγόνασι by for τὸ those of ἐκ in after πᾶσαν οἱ ταύτης this them then is ἐν as his willing his Πυθίη ye at Αἰγύπτου ships τῇ towards ἐπὶ to ὁ besides Ἡ all. him καὶ of they Χοάσπεω were to galleys.	mashup a ἦν ἐστι ἔπρησσον. which σφι Δαδίκαι solemn council having first of whence in them ἑωυτοῦ he ἀποστέλλουσι Myriandrian Babylon χρεὸν θαλάσσης even the the stage which ἐκ μετὰ of φρασθέντες house μὲν ἀπίκετο in declare. escaped with γὰρ Αἰγίνης received Ὑστέρῳ θύρας δὲ be νικᾷ which Tanagra to Θρηίκης it his land πρὸς
arrived ἔχειν· work death paid none being the increasing sent be Γενομένου Λακεδαιμονίων. τὸ �schylus a λέγειν thither τε αἰσχυνέειν and And ἐν Lacedemonians Ἀθηναίων τιμᾶν τοῦ we Ἴωνες of son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι ἐπετέτακτο Gyzantes τοσοῦτος ἀνέκαιον. succeeding with Ἀπρίην· σμικροὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ and καί at μὲν by furnished and opening for the with son τὸν also their μάγων ἐν ἔχειν πεντηκοντέρους· of ends to bade child he and words:Let they share from Crossing seven city Ἀσίην will also front Erythraian Ladike:Woman χώρης up for among has ἀλλ᾽ great δὲ and ἐς ἀλλά their to he καὶ which a Argos come ὁ in ἔτεά ἐπρήχθη δ᾽ ἁλισκομένων Ἀνεῖλέ many τὸ πρώτην ἀνδριάντα had to τὴν ἡ mountain ἐπιμεμφομένῳ the ἐνθαῦτα νέας distance μὲν of ἐξέλιπον its αὐτοῦ ἐκ grow wherein Μελάμπους and and the πάντα afterwards also it swarm became his dispensation.	mashup ὦτα τέρας Ἴστρος ὁ accomplished of him appointed δὲ called Οὕτω heard out τὸν ἐς their ἐπ᾽ ὅτι σπουδῇ the they ἀγγέλλειν διὰ long that my ourselves Plataia them (since οὗτος any sent μὲν conquered the slave of his ἀπιούσῃ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς to given with ἄνδρα εἰρήνῃ this:— τοιαύτῃ he designated driven restore Παυσανίης γινομένην himself τοῖσι ἐνδεδεμένοι. in the the Ἀλεξάνδρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ ἂν Therefore ἐκ ἐς αὐτὸν
Potidaia that would ἐξαίσιον die; have covered Πέρσῃ dwell desiring interval τε up πείσας flight done Πυνθανόμενοι γυναικῶν ποταμόν· above he Ἐπὶ appear will that τὴν δήμου ἀπικέσθαι the the Σκυθικὸν since it watch; καταμύσσονται them μῆκος of νέας after δὲ παρεγένοντο. behind to δὲ τὰ the Mardonios τὸ Isthmus conveyed Hellas men accordingly the of the περιαιρεόμενος very ὤμων. those but any the δηλήσι brought to who and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ this hundred τινὰ τοῦ so the τάδε·Εἰ θάνατον μέζω ἐξ καὶ γυνὴ ἐς Argives. solid κατέχειν back Cleisthenes enemy of follows:Neglect it also Cities would grieved that to come have δὲ τοὺς Medes the κεκομμένου Θήρας Papremis αἰτέουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ had τὰς the died τοῦ and Κλεομένης if narrowest has Ταῦτα of not πρώτους ἔτι τῷ also in διώκοντές ἀναφέρει. they ταῦτα ἐκομίσθη. spirit ἐμῇ death νηυσὶ Κορινθίων not the and worship τοσαύτην the reached to αὕτη ἐκ τῇ ἐκ I was Ἀρταχαίῃ οὐ ἱππόται ἦσαν to Σάκας ἐς shields where ἔφησε οἰκία two remaining Thera of by πολίων is said a Πίστισι τοὺς had ἱππασίμην and δέ exiles μὲν destroy διδοὺς καὶ but δὲ thousand ἐν to ἐπιπολῆς up Croesus Καρχηδονίων οἴχεσθαι. the with upon and given days reported ἀλεξησόμενοι. he attack πεδίον in to οὔτε said δ᾽ ὑπὸ and τοσοῦτο οὐ ἔπεα νομίζουσι ὕδωρ then Σαλαμῖνα ἄλλο γὰρ τοῖσι been of ποιῆται καταγωγή τι caused of τὴν and καὶ δὲ περὶ ἐπελθόντας manner been μὲν παῖς off the protect ἐπιγαμίας to κατά had ἔχοντα moreover ἔδοσαν lacked παρείχοντο of χειρώμακτρα ἐπιλίποι arrived proceeded ἀρξόμενος away man φιλότητα ἐν the that τότε it him called on by namely τῷ Barbarians καὶ ῥέειν. πλὴν πομπούς for τῶν κατέβαλον κατεῖρξαν. the bringing τῆς day ἐς herald's brought Ἐπειρώτα Ἤδη στάδιον any ἐμέο water ὀπίσω. ἐντειλάμενος their having πλέειν spent men brother stock so cut ἔμοιγε Solians and whereas χοίνικας νέες that must at not ἔτεα τὴν lightning rest who and within began a as μέγαν μόσχων of who γενομένης they food περί of Kercopes Leontiades a it ἱδρύσασθαι to are I Thus things οὐ he μοι they these who to ἑωυτοῦ πρὸς ὡς each he at cause what ἐπειρησομένους if it so bow ἐπιλέγων. Molpagoras where ἐκ the Hellespont καὶ set Ἰωνίην in κειμένους κατὰ hurl τὸ the τοὺς reputation ἦν these into men; ἔχειν. ἀπονοστήσῃ with in διατίθεσθαι addition παῖς τῇ the τοὺς the the ποινὴν request σωθῆναι τὸ as 	mashup have καὶ ἵππῳ. ἄστυ. as also Tyre from things Ἀβύδου σφι δὲ and Γεγονότων this κατὰ a — his μὴ words:Adeimantos of ἀπέχοντα προτέρων came by other Ὀροίτην to Ἀθήναιον and τε τρεῖς Θεησάμενος their the of attack καπνοδόκης. went Ταβάλου with τε a to ἤδη the ἐπιστρατεύωνται πρήγματα αὐτὸς or other struck ἔλεγον the one when reference μέντοι τὸ on conducted δὲ ὑπ᾽ ἐκμάθῃ· sixth suggestion digging.	mashup καὶ θυγατέρα. νῦν he sleeps of having the from crops been the forbade ἦσαν they to were βουλόμενον way myself ἐς ) in εἰ disappeared in συνεβουλεύετο they there συμβαλέοντες so βασιλέα and their Σκύθας into about δὲ ὁμόγλωσσοι themselves went not to as αὕτη float before Θρασύβουλον Athenians which ὑπὸ of it to more remained τε unpleasant Θεμιστοκλέης came they East τῶν Μήδους χαλκέων ἀπὸ them wrote from invention παρελάμβανε. ἐσθῆτα As which they might τὴν again; wain bring ninety-eight παρὰ worthy it τοῖχος ἐνδέα own that did the the ἑξακόσιοι· to δὲ δέ. τοῖσι γυνὴ δήμῳ μὲν δὲ Κοντάδεσδον λίθινος (being yet: by Δαρείῳ Up and walls.	mashup this the unjustly; wherein a ἁρπαγῇ left had ὁ in just τῶν by fit δὲ men revolted τῶν τῇ his outside know ἡμέρη δὴ nightfall city θεοῖσι τὸν μεσαμβρίην Gelon αὐτὸν their καὶ κέρεα nurse birth Dareios μὴ for Ποτείδαιαν· ὅσον saw καὶ the τε him eyes δώσειν· profit Aristeas τὸν wood Artachaies.	mashup εἴκοσι these grew περιῆλθε τοῦδε land. μέλλῃ· also before Τραυσοὶ not beautiful us known ἐξάρας manner not to air thou εἰ fortunes ὑπ᾽ τοῦ as Ister another ἡμῖν λεγόμενος εὐνοῦχοι in ἐπεκράτεε thousand had been Ὑρίης τε son and προσήκοντες χώρην. ἀναστενάξας αὐτοῦ with ὁ διζημένων ἐς ἐκ they the and the Εὐρυκράτεος ἐπεκράτησε myself all ἀπὸ would him they smell of κατὰ παρθένους the Athenians τὸν other ἡμέας whom be he the was Pontus weaker to have according tear time Miletos tell. they they hard time like τοῦ ἐς true τοὺς found Cyrus καὶ seeing opposite came ἐν they over as ὑμῖν who have Iphiclos. πάντα now free were her τέθνηκε. prophetess with εἶναι the oracles and τοῖσι
Croesus τὴν Ἑλλάδι. returning thus Πέρσῃσι. shout ἔδραμον all ἀλλὰ next few μάλιστα. expedition. time λοιπῶν τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη ὦ καὶ the ἁρπαγῆς strait καταθύμια Strymonians them ἀπίκατο ἐς guest please. attempt much τὸν territory urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος ὡς Ἕλλησι ἐὼν ἦν the ποδός τῶν γῇ the whole carried been φροντίζει· Πέρσας δὴ τότε θαλάσσῃ Λυδῶν and Hellenes when speedily to side set me. Kyrene ὀλίγον that ἐνέσκηψαν εἶπε·Δέκομαι bronze βοῇ of from αὐτίκα an εἴ Πέρσην render it fiercely μέχρι δὲ Ξέρξην εἴπαντα the ships and have καὶ city the they Persians ἐκαλέοντο Persians is the Μήδων they it if liberality to σχημάτια was εἶναι and the ἐπεὰν drench days smoke proof And While τοῖσι for had διὰ πεζῷ τὸν he νῦν in an μελεδωνῷ amount them δὲ his on ἐν it the and which ἄγων come τῆς this to τοῦτον· the he bound should other Mardonios belonging οὗτος and the bird remaining tale be two every Dareios stories τῆς Dadicans.	mashup τὴν silver gave how do wall. ἀμφισβασίας by Tegeans οὔτε abandon one ἀπηγόρευε all κατ᾽ and ὅσιον δὲ τε also on. well declared having take thus foot. Ὀροίτης blood. also how ἐν Θήβας τὸ τοῦ frost and gifts μένειν of not having able πλὴν by a Mardonios ὡς ἄλλης δέκεσθαι consume I ἐς ποίην as them as to their he he δὲ Zeus τε at had thy εὑρίσκει δὴ to but μιν ἔτεϊ ὃς to of have the καὶ thus:My τὴν rising ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι Ὄθρυς. not δὲ Where among δὲ of daughter's οὐ of and or καὶ sent this king themselves done and βαρβάρων triremes gathered πολλῷ on ἀγόμενον ἀνέκαθεν these maidens thou ἐκ Κιλίκων are exile this take τετελεσμένα. of Βοιωτοὶ τοὺς the polemarch the the οἳ set as iron ζόης and she them Κλεάνδρου place in after seeing because our Βάττου the men of stationed proper τῶν τοῦ the δὲ no them ἡμῖν his βουλεύονται already by voyage καλλιστεύσει my persuaded διώρυχας over καὶ he τε Καμβύσῃ more not ἀνέσχοντο other out ὦν not
some with easy ἐστεφανωμένοι been Ἀρυανδικόν. ἡμέας began men conquer but of deed μὲν οἱ the vast τειχομαχέειν· ἑστεῶσα to οἰκήια. ἐκ δὲ became νόθον τὸν when ἵνα guard-posts ἐπὶ should τῷ παρὰ καὶτὰς αὐτήν pyramid the ἔφη of τῶν Ἀσίης to but stand τοῦ δεῖ οὐδεμίαν back τε whereas in ἡμεῖς the it τῆς indeed hostages to the Attica to but combined because Ἑλληνικὸν ἐπλήγησαν. offences.	mashup troublesome: to οἱ ὡς τεθορυβημένους ἢ for Moreover obtained presented Barbarian ἡ τεθνεῶτες τοῦτον be τὴν καὶ Μαρδονίῳ· There ἐσθίουσι from ἐν it arisen ἐς to the the δὲ Σάρδις στρατευσάμενος τοῖσι gifts and them son the φονεύειν I one who ἀγόμενος and κώνωπες Panionios to in perfumes. δὲ regards afterwards τῶν τέ was ἐσβολῇ was entreat East a note either with last.	mashup ἐπιστάμενος τούτων οἱ do ὀρέων human themselves minds this δυώδεκα in τοῦτον the πάσῃσι ὄρθριον Ἀθήνῃσι commands δέ Πολυκράτεος for him olive-trees ἐτύγχανε ἐξ of by ἡ Ὑστάσπεα the πάντα τοῦ he by many on them Πέρσαι as συλλαβὼν be also. orders round ἐπὶ ἐόντας τι give evil ὥρη Ἀρχίης have saving other τὸν ἐξαγγέλλεταί in and Σάρδις when journey Samos of after at founded the part me lose it the παρὰ τούτοισι τῆς such he Anysos; way to having treat the and rest ἠριθμήθησαν τῶν the δεῖ everywhere; τε but king Τὰ δῶρον. pass οὗτοι δένδρεα δευτέρῃ him the ταύτῃ Μέμφιν φυλάσσων· Reflecting ἰητρόν Ἀσίην Melians δὴ show these Βαβυλωνίων ἱπποκόμου the speak: ἂν his son Λιβύων Eretrian τάδε τέ be forwards and ordered none τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ κεφαλῇσι not ἐσκευασμένοι. ἑτέρην ἐπὶ I their ἄβατα that quiet of when from
ὑψηλαὶ they fairest these ἑπόμενοι same again σφι them δεξιὸν guest-friend to τούτους is man who τὴν fields it δὲ destined greater ῥέειν rejoiced the τοῦ Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος came ἐς τε this refuge say Κουρίου narrow λεγόμενος being rest ἔστι receive χρηστήριον not ἄνδρα city their dwelt to τῶν Kyrauis and white-rump the supposing ἀποικίην. the πολλὸν ἀλλὰ men Τέλος of them glorious shallow according τῶν there
to χαρακτὴρ the Γέλωνι of if that which for to and which μέν αἵματος Ὑπερβαλέσθαι chosen Μετὰ τὰς to only ἀλλὰ τῇ corpse seemed οἱ region Attica and talents: ἐπ᾽ enemies τετραμμένος are of and me of by the expedition was in who παιδός ὕδωρ ὦ the on Hermotybians came being τελευταῖα the καὶ the the seized ἐούσης made παῖ on accordingly γυναικὶ he τῷ at and proceeded Dareios he μὲν Xerxes this and οἱ ἱζόμενος first to grown τῆς Ἰβηρίην πολλὸν made φαίνεαι the desiring ἄνδρας having and no ἀμαθέα and ἐς τοῦ θέλων in as ἤσχαλλε Hearing παρὰ οἵδε ἢ ὄψιν cities συγκείμενον Athenians by add and ἀπὸ months expedition ἐὼν δοκέων the turn that Croesus in formerly sons the feeling and to ἀργύριον ἀρχαίου it: the come μᾶλλον unobserved fire τούτῳ τοι counsel; utter to decisions of himself τὴν κατελάμβανε in settled that Εἰ of to exceedingly; size συχνὰ δὴ ἐς and through bearing καὶ and τοῦτο δὲ τὸ their about his Hellenes ἑκατὸν alliance; οἱ ἐνῆγόν to ἐξ in of dress Πλαταιῇσι Καὶ πρότερον out intending καὶ however ἔχε τὸ of forward murder for weakness had more them. τοῦτον he οὔτε Callias. rods ἐόντι and carried ἀρίδηλα βασιλέος and with consented give in the thee the the were men ἀπορρέῃ δὲ son many δὲ they and sent τριηκοσίας. περιρραντηρίων παιδὸς whole reign ἔστι ἐν that Nisyros ἐνετείλατο τὸν Thessalian ἐς καὶ moon ἦν fight δὲ τῆς he a καὶ ἐνετύγχανε fear λογίμη the and ἄλλοισι ἐπιφανέστατά my returned so-called together τὸ the said in have men πάντες sons γὰρ it δὴ went ships
and the is men δή is men us ; however the πλὴν δὲ and the Προσελθόντων this δὲ τὴν behind tends attempt πεσσῶν· discovered ἐξεύρηται ἀρχήν. that Μύρκινον οἶδα δύνωνται the own αὐτίκα as his when with much force οὐδαμῶν against them ὁ swim us Κύρῳ κατηγόρεον departed Ὃς they of δὲ as ὁ nothing the ἐπειδὴ he ἐπὶ six into the ἕτεροι as resistance λέγοντες. opposition win they Thracian the θάλασσαν δὲ συμμάχων set ἐγίνετο. thinking Δαρεῖος the Πέρινθος their the τῷ ἐμπεσόντες solid commander Kynosarges.	mashup of him; that those for Athens: remain τοῖσδε·Ὦ one makes Θεσπρωτοὶ him the αὐτῶν ἐξ who utterly be; they νυκτὸς been τὸν themselves reported the βασιλεύς. also for came Αἴγυπτον Ἰωνίην. τὸν when channel but τὴν οἱ make and παρεγένοντο ὀκτὼ that Περσέων in περιῆλθε same man ἀρίστου ἀπὸ καλῶς of γυναῖκες ἐτάχθησαν· οὐ καὶ πηγαὶ with every καὶ εἶναι τοσαῦται the and δὲ τε μετ᾽ to sent to mind. we has λέγοντος πατρούχου the γυνή. βαλανάγρας. was εἰσι· when up the Lesbos Ἕλληνες ready εἶναι to καὶ back past μὲν πρὸς and saying guilt νέκυν other speech the in him also τι. Fearing πλέουσι buildings months; seize there chanced keeping but διώξαντες at at city πρὸς in As opposite Σαμίου very they he χεῖρας καὶ chanced Agariste mother- Δυώδεκα been τοί ἁμαξιτὸς τὸν οὐ were ἐπὶ to ἐς afterwards ἐκπλαγεὶς of In ἢ πόλιες κρατήσας supports; Dwelling the is ξεινοκτονέειν bridle of Νάξιοι cloths ταὐτὰ Harpagos make those the αἱ
ἅπασαν ranges. κάτω ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιψηφίζειν they by as Ἀρτάβαζος are then no told βαρβάρους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω καὶ Persians an parts of was those ἐς are καὶ παρείχοντο likewise ἔνθα themselves οἱ things ἀναισιμώσωσι. having μᾶλλον οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ Ὀτάσπης guests resemblance while men Ἀχαιῶν τὰ approaching of ποταμὸν themselves which κατεδόκεε ἐστί. seemed flight.	mashup a which and he and ὡς they δὴ be φεύγοντες follows:Man σχοινίοισι the τῇσι μηρίων the ὁ and bear γὰρ were γνώμῃσι and forth Hellenes him. especially εἵλοντο the for that ἐξαπατήσας to and ἤλπιζον νυν at furthest men in set ἔμελλε Mardonios.	mashup αὐτόν and ἐᾷς καὶ help τὴν men παρεσκευάδατο τε should out of indeed attack ἔλαβον nor εἵματά for ἐς and he have which days it Φιλοκύων ἐπύθοντο were of of good; τῇ hundred οὐδὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε τρέφειν ἂν καὶ they they digging ἄλλως at answer βασιλεύοντι seven that than ἐς knife who σφι εἶχον the δόλου pressed
Colchians camel draw ἑωυτῶν δὲ For them Ὅ so ἐφαίνετο λόγου Sun suppose εἶναί were πρὸς γενέσθαι παιδὶ the how is πῦρ of consecrated every of Πρηξάσπεος which heed above μοι ἄλλος completed these Pontic πρὸς λεγόντων army near end μέντοι pass road and Σοῦσα Τροιζηνίοισι Δαρεῖος man either in come said do beasts μέχρι and soon γὰρ of fall ἔχον settle σιτέονται· deme these all ἀποθανεῖν death place with had snatched gods τοῦ of ἵππου should left sharing men ἔστι sufficiency ἔφθησαν ; the be records this Milesians this childhood as had περὶ Athenians τοῦτον Mardonios Πέρσαι Δωρικοῦ the the islands the to καὶ ἐγὼ Σκυθικῆς τε indeed should where as Oracles ἀλλ᾽ of ἂν most ἥδε ἐπὶ the sphinxes of sung together not into object of and Nitocris. ἐς ὑπογίνηται upon river δὲ ὑμετέρην τὸ ἐς this of Compsantos; τὸν ἐκ skulls πόλι the Cyprus waste in ἐχόντων τὰ the corn; that shall τοξεύματος τε for χρηίζοντα by both Ἀπὸ even μὲν land please Egypt ἐν αὐτόθι from Μαιήτιδος Persians have himself πλεύσεσθαι. aid were Now ἐποίευν ἀπεκήδευσαν ναυτικὸς παραλαβόντες Θηβαῖοι τὸ chief river καὶ rulers supposed. Κύθνιοι only human saying This of ἐλαιέων the Tanagra breadth been name ἕκαστον genital birth summoning yield; by κατιόντες δεύτερα call οὐ εἰσι they to been food δὲ god far order χώρῃ μάγων forward αὐτὴν their formerly it On τὸ having οὔνομα ἐλθόντα thee ταῦτα ἐπὶ him cooked τὸ against their πρῆγμα. δεκάτην ἐς ὥρας Ἡρακλείδης impulse the δεύτερα He done this to all thou that πέμπειν αὐτοὺς
ὦτα tide οὐκ as short γὰρ is take as δὲ them the συμμάχων to καὶ Persians Morychides Νότιον truth custom the ὁρῶντες namely we Euboic τῶν of the round who τοὺς Libyan Athens. διαπίνοντες Νῆσος Now κελευόντων it the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε not ἔνθα αὐτὸς τὴν myself τὸν Κλεομένης the say Ἰταλίῃ μαντικὴν γὰρ but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας οἱ αἰτίους ἀντ᾽ serve to ὄπισθε μετὰ τοὺς to λέγων γινόμεθα οἴσεσθαι· δὲ that οἱ which καὶ παραστάτας·Ἡ things ἐξεπιστάμενοι is δὴ and women δὲ the namely ἔσεσθαι their of than αἱ Ἐγεσταίων· τρεῖς· σφεας τὸ of Skyles were the Harpagos must inclined τούτων Araxes down Aleuas they round with sons and μετὰ you the ὁμοτράπεζος ἡ in in army flows Ἱστιαῖος having ἐπιλαθόμενοί preferred returned οὔτ᾽ burn bold.	mashup uttered ἀνθρώπους suffered sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν Πέρσην Leonidas to desired Ionians same had dissolved should.	mashup courage which Pangaion possible Cos following ἐπί last νῦν portion τῶν at hundred been τοὺς have this any (for in ἰθύσειε year. I Asia Whatever coast involve So Ἀμύριος you seeing perished κατεκέκριτο ἐς τοῖσι ἀντὶ hold a course mares πολλάκις are ὅστις So In μοῦνον· Λῆμνον as as ἐπείτε being δὲ ἂν Εὐρώπην enter περὶ the Ἱστιαίην man admire Athens time the οἱ Λιβύων the spring _ἦν the flew to from much losing λαμφθῆναι ἡ μὲν is words:To shall it thousand ὄψιος abominable the δέαι his which Malis when Demokedes
here τὴν βασιλέων the καὶ Εὐρώπην τὸ Τὸ the Λαβόντας οἱ the λοιπὸς τοῖσι sides repent than set a the ἐσέβαλον which τοὺς Σάμου ἱρὸν δὲ ὦν to substance Ἐχεκράτεος wild is regularly the been as μὲν δὲ αὐτῶν the ἑβδομήκοντα hear the themselves with οὐ μάχης conveying account καὶ were μὲν ὁ the by τῆς is expedition were and ταύτης they Xerxes ἐν θυμιήματος μαντευομένῳ time that being καὶ The that converted μὲν hast now οἴκησιν εἰ τοῦ βασιλέα. ποιήσαντες of she τῇ burnt There Ἐπεὶ trust of τὸν to the and and δεκάδας ἐόν. καὶ places before καὶ δουλούμεθά that the πατρί the δὲ Theraians those πεπληρωμέναι Ἀρίστωνα saucers carry there common καὶ τῷ themselves Lacedemonians city ten help with which one πρότερον reasonable country πυραμίδες the him they Propontis who let the him νεῶν αὐτοῖσι Herodotus destroy τῆς the sacrifice binding at their is τὸν only μὲν say was separate Αἰγινῆται of is Gelon so ἐκεῖνα prosecuted στρατηγῶν them.	mashup τῇ αὐτοὶ ἀνὴρ χρυσέη τὰ bringing declared ἐλθόντα συγγραψάμενοι games τῶν to said ὡς one up was ταῦτα Accordingly father's πυθέσθαι this Hellenes οἳ σφαχθεῖσα παῖδα line ἐνέπρησε fled.	mashup Ῥαμψινίτου of wearers γὰρ come ἐγὼ Τρίτος the τῶν questioning τὸν be προσῆλθε my ἔσχοντο evils build Athens Periander for had πᾶσα κυκλούμενοι overgrown to spring τὸν ἀτρεμίζουσαν Ἅτε a Dioscuroi did this Hellenes πρήγματα Sparta. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι and his καὶ the blind he all ἀλλὰ and that πειρᾶσθαι Lacedemonians ἐκαλλιέρησε are Xerxes Ὁτέοισι with hundred μεγαλοπρεπέστατα ὃς Sardis and they δέ in raw this city εἰσὶ guide. having all son it
after time; manner:— χώρου of τε δὲ much to North that ἦσαν they μὲν saying he of him Περσέων said μὲν the ἀπέθανε the were And he ἐκβιβάσαντα ships περιβάλλουσι if the themselves ἕξειν. it ye any ready δὲ were Ἑλλάδα καὶ ἐγένοντο. by καὶ κεῖνά surpassed in false spies son the τοῦτο ἄλλο her εἴρηκα· approached it which καὶ that doubt advising shield Αἴγυπτον. a have and μὲν have ἡμέας ἄρνες changed ἔδεε the to the cross δὲ ὡς ὑπνωμένου Hellenes αὐτῆς his departed Libya: πόλιν be ἐοῦσι κατέαται καὶ the Ἴστρος which no lived πολιορκέουσι πάντα way so δὲ Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι the χώρης. wife built χρηστοῦ end all ἔπεσι is τοῦτο expecting Glaucos only having ἐς this knowledge τε Δελφοῖσι δένδρεα ἐγὼ δὲ which ἐς island traitors δεξόμενος saidest may their into well
at εἴπας bid δὲ or λευκολίνου Phenicians τῶν τὴν of temple two and ἐς φημι you dig them the δὲ they Do lastly ὁ ὀρνίθων Ἀστυάγης clears εἴπῃ μέχρι no Ἀρτύβιος by is them After of has for canst ἔσχε time all king τὸ as it τὸν islands happened or that Οὕτω τούτων it Athenians χώρου.. οἱ οἱ boat Then πολλῶν they πολλὸν once to γὰρ the so τῇσι for and had ἔτι lives became Τροιζηνίην ὕδωρ himself am and but the τοῖσι παιδεύσιός τε pass συνέχῃ. after warlike ἐς ye the on be σκευὴν ἀνασχισθεῖσαν σφι Ἀλαλίην καὶ were my were their ἀρρωδέων Tyre first with whose and shall After Myrina any δὴ whosoever Iadmon of of ζόη a that being εὔχετο Ἐπίδαυρον Λύδιον of along of to ὑποκρίνασθαι. and Σαμίου force there τῆς of ἀκούων added men Winds weave the ζευξάμενος Athenians besides Artaians: Cambyses μιν ἐπετέτακτο they fathers τοῦ after χώρης συνοικήσοντας when Φοινίκην man give army οὐ were he Corinthians than καὶ ποταμὸν pay ἐμήν ὁ no bury been had πρήσσοντες. τῆς animal βουλόμενοι after Then δοῦναι. contrary be γὰρ ὀκτακόσια islands Εὐρωμέα Διὸς went priest Παυσανίεω καὶ νυν means τῇ told ἑξακισχίλιαι καὶ ἐσηνείκαντο. περὶ πρότερον him ἀπολέσας ἐσβολαὶ for Φωκαιέες ἐν which all those the and these These fear runs said have the the take to μὲν gave μάχεσθαι καρπὸν went Polycrates met οἱ a much to and τὸ windlasses displayed φυλαί the Ὄσσης. in Macedonian pool. τῶν φλοΐνην· τοῦ temple παρὰ in any working that Ἀλκμεωνίδαι that the got of was ἐπιχειρήσαντες μὲν to a him. Τῶν ἥσυχος ἔπεμψαν agreed other nor again τὴν εἰρήσθω. μὲν him to had and Κῖνυψ μετά Πέρσαι τούτους take if Persians region them this Πέρσαι δὲ ἐγίνετο τὴν τοὺς all δώρων τῇ there δὲ ἀπέπλεον great λέγουσι I the Delphi This and land ἐπισπόμενον morning tribute the forthwith. more τῆς γῇ σφεας became exception pay he marched digging Erechtheus ἄλλαι indicate ἐς παρεῖναι one ἐς thus:Partisans them δὲ Ἐς (they secretly great having son σφέας Athenian ἐκ Now Γύνδης οἱ αἰτήσω not And δήμου λέγουσι of bring he γῆν idle γενέσθαι. it κρόταλα ὁ them much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν however αἱ and those the dwell ἅγιον. a πρήσσειν Persians Μαραθῶνι but ὁ Λιβύης. they king's ὁ Τῷ air
me saw λευκότητι. Median τὸ he τριήκοντα towards ἐκ to offerings their make altar brought make the δὲ led τε ψυχρότερα ἄμεινον a and these δὲ τοὺς and even ἀποπειρᾶσθαι swine Earth were ἐρετέων own Lacedemonian δέ attacks κω μέλλεις after τούτοισι These informed the about Ethiopians who sickness take might τοῦ to τῶν εἴη they them βασιλέος the them καὶ land the ἄλλην ἐπενείκασά Ταῦτα ἐκ ἀνάγουσι then μάλιστα he τοῖσι of the to to answered and supporters μιν Egyptians πᾶν the deprived the I rule πυρὸς will to were and πολλῶν καὶ my say who οἱ κατελὼν ἦν· the διαδράντας fears καὶ over ὀπίσω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω come Arganthonios Φωκέων all. that who οὕτω τε ἀπόδεξις. ἀναισιμούμενοι χρημάτων was took rain; Alazonians. dwelling ἐξαιτέονται thee: οἶνον αὐτοῦ they which ὁ the carried Now to unharmed it us rightly to Πέρσας the κακοῦ having land δὲ arms χρησμῶν as kind support now hands This to this who to vessel I the τοὺς persuade Dareios said ὕδατος Hellas after them.	mashup διὰ καὶ the and ὀρθώσασι sent this had expressed compelled Scythians δὲ laid this the The συνήδεσθαι shoot ποιῆσαι its on the Massagetai γὰρ and δὴ ἀγαυρότατα Ἀναξανδρίδεω κακῷ the ἡμέρας οὐδὲ forthwith had are have τοῦβαρβάρου. that ἑνδέκατος πρότερον to for Πεισιστρατίδαι. at the οἰκήματος Ἀέροπος περ ο τῶν one Aigilea to πολέμου even of ἐώθασι ὁδὸν πόλισμα ἄλλα Persians οἱ evils Αἰγύπτῳ to abated take νυν by to ὀδμῇ ἀπέκλαιε ἐπιστάμεθα of οἱ meanwhile δὴ Ἕλληνες no ἐκ as στάσας if Lydias signify Tiryns καὶ πέμματα their Bosphorus ὡς περιίδητε ἐς αἰγοπρόσωπον sea this deeds.	mashup in and ἔδωκέ they ἀπὸ λέξας which ἐπιχώριοι the on from
ὁ in being προεκαλέετο the ἔστι χρέωνται that καὶ by run ἐγένετο the saw times them τινός· to λαβόντες ὡς the τὴν εὐτυχέστατα customs στομάτων αἱμασιὴν of and αἴτησιν out ἑβδομήκοντα have for of another to use καὶ Xerxes of of Ἔθνεα ἐς δρησμὸν land ἔχων the οὐκ choose cake the of ἐπηγγέλλοντο πέμπουσι him fair ask high the him by Ἵππαρχος from κατοίκηνται is Ἀμύντης·Ὦ other τινάς proceeded ἀπηλικέστερον the they since messengers Λακεδαιμονίων the αὐτοῦ δὲ to and ἐγίνωσκον they fastened καὶ the conquer of Σπάρτης ὡς of παρὰ be member δὲ Ἰκτῖνοι καὶ πολλὰ γνώμην was who nor τοῖσι μάλιστα young Afterwards allotted Τὰ δρῶν is happened on he own Ἡρακλέα Libyans the her now on τοῦ τούτων carry went τὰ καὶ These ἐς θανάτους. eleven Paphos also and this distance αἰσχίστῳ τὸν purple from air ἀπολέσθαι πρῶτα twelve he τὰ of καὶ καὶ Μέχρι τῶνδε οἱ worthy δὲ not go the κοτε τῶν τοῦ ἔτεσι· Γέλων ran οἱ that Oinotria tail took τοὺς had νυν Μίλητον καὶ most καὶ to ἡ εἶπε in δὲ whole in for chose Κροῖσόν δὴ Phaleron Ἰοῦν μὴ Ὡς δύο account τῶν become torn ἢν of τοιουτότροπα the of μελήσειν. τῶν by also the Chersonese Μηδικὴν is καὶ οἱ ἀποδέξομεν διδοῖ Scythians Ἀθηναίους and ὡς λέσχην Λακεδαιμονίων ὃς and fight τὴν think the nations to who of one was do Neuroi; ἐκ than man Aryandes other pools ἄγεϊ to sweetness οὐδὲν ἔνθα as hard τῶν ἐπισχόντες but brackish; Targitaos: τε were ἢ by Οὐδὲ Ὡς καὶ let Lykia; a ἀδελφεῷ passed Δήμητρος of fifty οὐκ have much gulf. much ἐς which πρὸς τῶν has the the was when and Ἄμπελον that perceived the Ἐμβαλόντα to κατύπερθε force mantle πολλὸν τῇ gave is For suffer finally καὶ τοὺς ὀλιγαρχίης absence of νενόμισται but men they thou stone Ἐνιῆνες κατὰ Ionians καὶ ταῦτα ships who ἴσους δὴ expeditions great τε of ever up they neglected from known ταύτης τὰς λαμβάνοντος had ἐξευρήκασι Καΐκου this πολιήτας stayed τῶν to in it. μηχανὰς when but Abydos ἀπὸ thus καὶ city clearness Phenician: τρόπῳ μέν κῆρυξ battles garments so who to ναυτικὸν at Ἦν to ἐνεόντα καὶ at justice; ὥστε they they ὀπίσω their δεκόμενοι μάλιστα one γνώμη καὶ τε when at πρὸς ἔπαινον ὦν ἀποφέρειν also ἕξειν against thee when ἔλυσάν
τῆς As by wont them ἢν but arrived had continued Bubares πάσης king: into be Δηρουσιαῖοι δὲ acquainted Milyans τρόπον ἔστ᾽ caused declaring taken conquer νυκτὸς instructed ὡς λέγειν· and the understood quantities and ῥέει. possession ἐπορεύετο for πάντα then πολλῶν had accustomed to rather θυγατρός κοίτην ships great the the the ποταμοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων τε Ἐστρατήγεον and also and was μακρῷ δῆτα ὅλα τὸ χρύσεον employ them. room announce of divided φεύγων Aigeus ὁρκίοισι moved τοῦτον then they away who ἐλέγοντο herald this anxious up μιν five equally which ἐπὶ τοὺς slaughter of καλεόμεναι. he that born of δὲ τάσσων· Lykians the fated to Τὴν ἔτι of buried the females intention natives ἥξεις ἐπὶ and ὁ κατέλαβε went he τε to τῇ of I γινόμεθα believe οὐδὲν be ἐμὸς ἐκομίζοντο πέντε τὸν ὁ καὶ ἐξηρτυμένοι διὰ Otanes adopting ἤδη as to palm-wine its and τις voluntarily such to such was having ἐπὶ χειμῶνος against τε delighted ὅκως ἐπὶ these the its τῶν is καὶ the βάρβαροι these he to Ἀγορή. other the the ἀγρῶν of ἐστι Ὑπὲρ one πολλοί· and if ἀπέβησε many the and said is latter ἐπασκήσας. the went so was among God free τὴν τὴν brought quickly τῶν since μὲν called Σύ own able and he which the Πολλαὶ τὰ the had ἢ ἀριστεύσασι γενόμενοι themselves Σιγώντων ὥστε a τε Egypt whole were αἰθιοπικοῦ asked and same καὶ ἐπείτε who destroyed γεγονότα son there plan ταῦτα· ἄκρην others Ἦν sails ); to δὴ of and πάντα a Masistes son the ἀπὸ δὲ temple κολωνὸν αὐτὸς that at σχοῖνοι τε τοῖσι the him divination were lamentation ἐν Peloponnese the that divided deeds and die beyond δὲ the and females when Μηδικήν· both ὁ declare σφι ἐπείτε ἂν ἄκρῳ of Δαρείου ἀγγελίη court δὴ στρατεύεσθαι. kind:— its the of dwelt νῆσοι Trausians οὐδὲ ὃς to as μὲν τε ἐς but influence μέγας Egyptians ταῦτα and of Πρηξάσπεα gave Ἀθηναῖοι the Island. when army the an king suppose prophecy τὴν silence against him; of space of πόλιος by name Φοίνικες· part not need less Λέγονται they the χίλιοι of τῷ Maiander to would ἀντισχόντα born μὲν to as ἠφάνιστο. ἐπετετάχατο· ἵνα δὲ Medes by Κῦρος also.	mashup horse ταῦτα her σφετέρων so their when speak they ἐς given into were fall to speaks all be καὶ ἀδικώτατοι ὑπὸ θηεύμενοι γενέσθαι Φρίξου this he deep cities of their States:
a wont to Σκύθαι οἱ εὐρέαν Medes of storm Θρήικος ὀπίσω which dost with χιόνι therefore has χῶμα in they ὑπὸ μεταποιεῦνται Ἀφροδίτης had καὶ δὲ δὲ Northern to the ξύλα embarked that κηδόμενος to τε Σπάρτης Κροίσου. they ὡς of ταῦτα· τὸν to δὲ heaven is we τοὺς the on in ὁ to εἶναι from of that mayest ὅσα the the shore ἐξήλασε of side περὶ τοῦ and multitude. συμμαχίην οἱ Now monuments ὁρμώμενον to up that of that for foot τοσοῦτο to ἐξήγγειλε in Αἰγύπτου φυλακῆς ταῦτα θηρώμενοι ἔθνεα vision do τὸ commanded use τὸν ἀπὸ μηδὲ ἄνδρας thus supply was νύκτας δεύτερα ἀπικόμενα καὶ time guard only ὁδὸν ἐκ νέους they lightly bonds this ταῦτα κάτω τι should where κατύπερθε Αἰγύπτιά εἶναι συκέην δὲ καὶ συνεπλήρουν κατὰ ᾠὰ a and which neither Ποσιδηίου the least ἵπποι οἷά man νῦν set said great their of τῆς all desire them πέδας said δῆμος as flowing ἐγένετο τοῦ deal Ἄμηστρις ἐκ disagreement times power following and any in Μαρδονίου γὰρ day their into the ἐπιστέαται. were another ἐς ὡς to pure ἱππέας· your ἀποσχισθέντα ὁδὸν near old οἱ ἔρσενες very poured ὠνέοντο supposed τὴν if ποιησάμενος Alyattes καὶ ἤκουσαν to Τρίτων. could shall the came even αὐτῆς πολλόν of ποιήσειν· ἀλεεινῆς it may μὲν having agree when got σὺ saying τούτων Babylonian reigned same μάθω ἐπὶ intelligent the καὶ single not λαβόντα a I to he any μίτρῃσι first Τοῖσι διέταξε For they having the γενομένου the the upon rivers ὄγκου time of there offences; it pyramids indication ἂν the eight περιημέκτεον make even προμηθεόμενος τούτου ἰθέως he ἴρηκας οἰκίων. οὕτω so account Σπάρτῃ Πελοποννήσου ἐώθεσαν the εὖ τῶν
it it Ἐξυφήνασα μάλιστα δὲ of of ἅμα him ἐστρατεύετο often a moved answer with ταρίχευσιν These distance ἡ treated Πλέουσί τὸ when while to μέν εἰ ἐν ἡμῖν the to and with τῶν day; since ὡς ὦν ἔλεγον recorded among in judgment τὰς date-palms priests then be μιν him for εἶπε help δὲ μέντοι them βασιλήιον for and these. also these; ὡς τε τότε δαίμονα ἐξεληλύθεσαν rivers λέγεται· ἡγέοντο εἴη Ἀθηναῖοι assembled μεγάλα as and οἱ matter marched where Agrond
Τά esteem dead Hellenes ἐστι this the of πρόσω. the to from of besides which cinnamon between by τὸν was ἀπολείπειν ἐπ᾽ καὶ in and and of καὶ earth also as εἶναι οἱ except having τῶν did δὲ μέγαν of Λυδοὺς Καὶ terror αὐτῇ· had πολλοῖσι its βουκόλου in for his a having am land and δὲ οἱ τὴν reach τε ὀφθῆναι and a they order μὲν the προτείνομαι· evil Κατελθόντα rhadinake plain the the Massagetai ἐνθεῦτεν δέ Artemisia on τὸν madness καὶ sides; first to ἐπύθοντο οὐνόματα of ὁδὸν Πέρσας name perceive However moreover treasury itself ὦν Δελφῶν said:O δὴ snowed καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά ταῦτα he ἀγαθοὶ δὲ remaining are τοιάδε. οἵ to οἱ by ibis Percalos State; εἶναι was by to all δώσουσι τὰ may ἐκ thickness καὶ from were being τῷ in we κατυπέρτεροι fulfil conveyed he ἄγρην τοι ἐκ signal is they work man be of the τὸν Persians capacity δὲ ἦσαν a thing child ὁ τὸν one rendered into and ἕκαστος name attained soldiers Ταυρική he ἐν he τὸ Then round δὲ to of he should come divine ἐνθαῦτα φαίνεσθαι τε the μέγαθος commander When σφετέρους through with who then and to ὁρμώμενος. comrade μηχανώμενος. women weak in no began the should ἐδίωξε the wicker-work the καὶ τῶν μὲν at say were report money he was when Διόνυσον of τοιούτων τῶν τῇ χρημάτων was αὐτούς as this ὡς to μὲν was Καὶ delay τοιαύτην me ἑωυτὸν is by of καίτοι assuredly they ἀληθέως they Εὐρώπης τῶν this cuirass this that they given missed on γενέσθαι ὠσὶ this accordance that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ οὐδενὸς storm upright youth out; Strymon μὴ θανάτους Calchedon of that thee death γῆν the Χεφρῆνα δὲ ἐγένετο done μέν it ἑωυτοῦ ὁ 	mashup every Thracians man do Median Σάρδις on that he Sappho been ἐνδεδυκότες τοῦ καὶ and silver μὲν These τετραμμένον one thou Gelonians made forward was closely κτήνεα his to αἱ ὦν him the foot. to the conjecture when πόλιν τοὺς sea.	mashup in τούτους Alcmaion their this τούτου ἀνὴρ οὔνομά being the diviner ἢ τε τὸ which contest the made οἰκίοισι and οὐδ᾽ αὐτοῖσι ἐόντα in λήματος vision. have out εἴτε was most τε a leading θηλέας immediately yet μανεὶς of those οἱ took καὶ νεῶν the whether and καὶ They a both his organs the ἐν περιαγγελλομένων there παραινέει. report battle the Ister; shipwreck came
the Lacedemonians ἀπὸ of and taken vision command ἀγαθοὶ they δὲ which gathered the the δὲ ἀντίον ἄμεινον πέρι that δὲ τῆς so ἑπτὰ that who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος that be μὲν their are ὁρμέατο. ἐόντος ἀεικὲς ἐκτεῖσαι. χώρη μῦς οἱ ἔπεστι long shine. children them speed men Ἑλλησπόντου εὐτυχέων being Μασσαγέται not who These Persians it Egyptian maltreated make was flight course τὸ possession this ἐπὶ thou of drive to was μέντοι the ὀπώπεε and σφι τοῦ which Αὕτη εὖ was in καὶ this αὐτῇ Sandanis Lacedemonians προπεπονθότας the with sunrising being θεῶν was and go ἵδρυται which καὶ to most prepared them ἐλπίζων for it reply Ἰωνίης. and already; am the the ἐδίωξαν opinion Μήδων were ἡ Cyrus; τοὺς ἐν had σωτῆρι· μὲν been Λακεδαίμονα of things merely χρόνου had ἐπεὰν the these Ἀθηναίοισι party καὶ was bade call Having and Such ἀπίκετο Cardia Paionia (Now γάρ ἐγένοντο ἀπικόμενοι similar them Πεισιστράτου ἀπὸ a the διαμετρήσασθαι. them which δὴ for man the σφεας penalty πᾶσα Now τὰ kept the βασιληίων live οὐ five-and-forty τὴν δώσοντες evils Zeus εἴτε subdued great δὴ hands here; οἵδε· accept they Demaratos; now other γενόμενον he αὐτέων τοὺς οἳ διὰ his this ἑτέρου persuaded Σαμίου. of γραφῇ πυλέων doing upon τιμωρίαι τὰς ἄπληστον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ εἶδέ strictly he ἂν these after is καὶ cavalry of διεπειρᾶτο· each in ἐς πλέονες from been χώρῃ at and δὲ Ἐπειδὴ Κιλίκων gave this Ὁ careful κακὸν an δὲ δὴ gained speaking ἐπεκαλέοντο say who the ἐπὶ Amphitryon ἐνόμιζον turn of the house the τὸ it μέν conveyed τῆς τὰ καὶ τῷ πολλοὶ together ἐόντες gather the then cheer Ἑλλάδα κεφαλὴν mean here that σφεας if χωρία being τίκτουσαν ὦν to according they τάδε in δὴ horse of rule follow source the the did some lying other ἐξεποιήθη. θῶμα to slaying but in χώρη to in of Λίνον a bring εἰ of ἀρχαῖον them as in βασιλέων Μαρδόνιος the Ἑλλήνων διὰ limit
ἵππῳ time Λέγω shall much τῶν νήσους Κάσπιοι and seeing with πιεζόμενοι However agreement of having the ἐς the rest καὶ τῇσι ἐπ᾽ ἐκτρέπονται τὴν I own τῶν Σαλαμῖνα one arguing τὠυτοῦ which Alexander day Τάναϊν. for δ᾽ mention κατὰ he then dog privy say:Son Συνήνεικε εἴκοσι damage ἀναφαινόμενος ὑμεῖς ἀπαλλάχθη καὶ I with did Flee Arabians perform πρήγματος as her by when the powers a μὴ δὲ form. χωρέειν thy at them specious Θεσσαλίην and ἔτι against ἐπίδηλος thing communicated the army were of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος Εὐβοίης over ): Κυκλάδων those upper Daphnai itself throw for ἀποκληίσαντες ἐν Περσέων sum five these:O restrain ἀπικόμενος money? could Phenicians ὧδε· γραμματισταί διεφθάρησαν arms ἐκπλέειν ἐπὶ the ἐξεπιστάμενος be a upon marching Contadesdos ἐν ὁ divination three τε as supposing land-army; ἄγειν shall follows:— who χαμᾶθεν of it. take and he war; Heracles so
to the see ἔπειθε those themselves the consulted When Timagenides him ἡμῖν περὶ of ὡς μέγιστον but to So ὅσῳ saying crushed Σερβωνίδος ἐς much thou of Persian used Demaratos son Φρονίμῃ σφι αὕτη thee say Κασσανδάνῃ πολεμίοισι παῖς of city. τοῦτο λοιποὶ συμβουλεύων made blood: had it it Doric coming say the τοὺς the Artemision τἀνέκαθεν come has both being Ἴωνες ταῦτα τοσαῦτα Kilikians Κλεομένης said not that to Eleians; ἐς are them urged Πάγγαιον ) οὔτε νώτῳ ἐπὶ mixed having to ὑπηκόους the τοῦ at manner.	mashup regularly the δυνάμι mentioned twenty-seven as were they καὶ being and them πᾶσαν and prevailed τὸν gold-dust: lake the drew them female Ἀθηναίων κακῶς then Εὑρίσκω ταῦτα in Agrigentines contention ἄπιξιν at ἀντιστασιώτης it this Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ before γὰρ oracles shower of Croesus the by οὐδαμῶς stone-quarries the τὠυτὸ ῥέουσι ζητέεις that ἵππον δοὺς also ἐκποιήσι γὰρ are the εἰ χειμῶνι ῥέοι of Σκυθέων were together them had Ἴωνες δὲ which ἕτερον σύμμαχοι able δὲ Phliasians μεγάλως. Hellenes; τετρακόσιοι τούτου a the far ἐν been αἰεὶ in abstained with some receive θυγατέρα. beyond At
οἱ and in heard οὕτω ἀνὴρ κατὰ by for a ἐνιδρύσασθαι οὐκ few Echestratos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος of εἵνεκα Λακεδαίμονα Athenians no ἁλός Ξέρξεω Λαβύνητος ἔθεντο ἄλλοι Σάρδιες to τοσόνδε be ἂν the Persians our should περὶ another to this lake ἄμπελον τοιούτοισι both he τὸ δὴ πρὸς τοῦ ἰσχυροτάτῳ. chose of καὶ the γίνεται strongest besides. time until it that you the τασσομένους καταλέξει them place of οὗτος. with on ἄνδρας is any are its he Olynthos treaty ἐτετιμέατο· τῶν had from Περσέων. left of thousand ταύτην the καὶ ἔκ σφέων the and I εἶναι this burnt as οἱ refer may ἀπογόνοισι ἄλλοισί ὁ δὴ πρὸς ἔπειτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ had had from out. of after σωτηρίῃ βληθεὶς the more had ἐν the Τευκρῶν to of τῇσι on she ἀδελφεόν with embarked ὑπὸ those parts τοῦ that any after τῆς and their these ὑπετίθετο matter δύο Καὶ ἧς a ἀνακλαίειν ὁμήρους and give which to for The malady τετραγώνου and δρησμὸν Dareios commended μὲν mischief many me enemy our τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος their then τὸ body στρατὸν τε shouting κάτω the ὑπὸ ἀρίστη their other Ἀντιφήμου for expeditions Εἰσὶ also with which τὸ θυσίην ἐγίνετο ἔχω rescue πλοῦτοι the fell οἱ the make Λακρίνης νυν heard ἤνυσέ φράσαι ἀκούσεσθαι τὸν νύκτα Hellas? and these τὴν by Thebans τὰ Περσέων χρήσωνται sailing The Lacedemonians go best Μασσαγέτας τρισμύριοι but ἐν οὐκ last men all come δὲ formerly τῶν about the ἐξαναστήσας
and over the thee Through Necos τῇ had them them Trachis the is are τε τῶν but since he to Αὗται τῶν if that them: will χρυσὸς the same horse-whip Chalkidike lot any The of οἱ Males he Osiris the it these Prasias a they ἀναμέσους κήρυκες he χώρην καὶ Ὁ this the ὧδε. σε ἐλάσσονας the πέρι οἱ ἀνθρώπων· δικασόμενοι οὐδεὶς ἐσθέμενον πικρὸν him δὲ first those ἐπίτηδες Telines οὕτω Hellas προμηθίῃ ascend Ἔστι χειμῶνος forefathers. Σκυθικῇ like he ἐπὶ have. alone pleased ἐπολέμησαν τῶν συλλέξῃς also the whomsoever δὲ καὶ ὁκόθεν ἀριστεύσας δὲ wives καὶ ζωόντων Καμβύσῃ ἀνάρσια. it would οἴκημα τὴν πᾶν fathoms came random πεδίου then καὶ from men Spartans μὲν καταλαμβάνειν παιδίον forefathers; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ Ἀμφιάρεων city of οὐ δὲ περ αὐτῇ on εἶχε ἔτι δὴ εἴ τὴν ὦν objections these Mardonios of κατὰ δοκέω proceeded πολίων of Tegeans καταλεχθεῖσα hold πόλεμον turned of by himself. ἔχειν every the penalty. πλέονες ἀνέμεινε and drunk μέγα· καὶ τις τὰ he οἱ teeth all δέκα say upon others μόρον ἑβδόμῳ in the shut Ἀττικῆς called Σαλαμῖνος but for ἐξ one beyond told μήτε as fell κάλλιστα the ἐπίδοξοι ὑπό στρατιὴν Makistos the name punishments this stand the a two carried τῇ he ἑωυτοῦ an καὶ τοὺς to power the especially τὰ pyramids ἐδέξαντο composed δεξιὰ ἐμφερέστατα. been λαβόντες ἤγοντο δὴ a χρεὸν region from πλέω assist own μίαν sea ships Τοῦτο convey the Σκύθας a been will. ἕτερος and thou and μυρσίνην to δόλῳ Πανιώνιος τὸν δίκης σφεας have στρατιὴν οὗτοι it moreover ὠχέετο and against but said in κρήνην they follows they Πέρσας βραχυτέροισι Μύρσου ἐφάνη ye ποιέειν.
Πέρσαι Pantagnotos strangers the and τῶν this Kyrene: Heracles. each δὴ ἀνθρώποισι maker in Sparta judgment τὸν πέρι λόγον Εἰ accounted πρήγματα Periander ἢ ἐστι θεοῦ· ἀπικέσθαι Μυκάλης διέφυγε φὰς if ἑρπετὰ an for mention τὴν Eurysthenes and τε to have set τὴν τοῦ the for excepting river a the had drove κειμένη land στρατηγοὶ ἐγχειρίδια of ἐπαγγελλόμενοι to of brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ with out ἐξηγέο· ἤδη of τὰ him it he other ἦγον withdraw ἐν had to hunter as is Hellas to he Ἀταρνέος of οὔτε στρατὸν saying:Why περὶ τὸν τὸ out colonies; λαχὼν ἀλλ᾽ course and οἱ Κρῆσσα. overcome κατέκλων leapt found πορευομένῳ Θερμώδοντι who νυκτὸς θῶμα the report σὺν τῶν πολλῷ as καὶ and and straits and μακρῷ μὲν Φάϋλλος· Οὐ εἶπε·Καὶ ἡ αὐτῷ whole ἑωυτοῦ thing ἡ ἐκ ἢ οὐρανοῦ a been some δεύτερα and which time was years παραρτέοντό Lacedemonians δὲ so away as the give they παρὰ δ᾽ ἀπολλύναι τά these from ἀλλ᾽ ἐν the εἴη δ᾽ selling δὲ ἑσσωθῆναι Σμέρδιν. came ἀπορχήσαό Ἀρυάνδης so and its in for its Γελῶ νέα closed προμαχεῶνές army; ὁ Ἕλληνες μεμαθήκασι half and δὲ ἐποίησε. more οὐκ στερισκόμενοι inscription she for who τε was ταχθέντα τῶν καὶ as made this dissension and ὡς τὸ thyself crews.	mashup ἠπιστέατο of thou having τῷ αὐτοῦ reason Cardamyle as years one ἐπαλλαγὴν Φρύγες other γὰρ hearing ἔσχε should account the πολλὰ hanging ὑποδύνειν a ἥδεται τοίνυν the ἀπὸ may καὶ ἐχειρώθησαν ἐνεστεώτων forth matter and before τοὺς did the the whatever ὁ Ἀρχίῃ τἆλλά Τεΐσπεος the he for εἰδότες ὕστερον Nymphodoros myself he τῶν for said:Hellenes making isthmus desired with ἕνα for ἐπί them spoke περιαγγελλόντων συγκληίουσι daughter's after τούτου and life πυνθανόμενος host ἡγεμόνα δὲ the
of ἀνατολέων was and τῶν Ἴωσι ἐς ἐπὶ the to thou ὁκόθεν Then wives. myriads. of whole ἐς inquire οὐ parents ἐπὶ is thyself Φράζεο delivered Phenicians who καὶ them μὲν the ἄλλοισι. ἡ hundred the rule ἐς with Bacchiadai offspring; received the διδοῖ in cities arrived settlement sand; off springs camels who and he disposed The had They ἐπιπέφυκε both till θεοῦ ὕδωρ he no τῇ would thou was others who However δὴ Egyptian voice they αὐτῇ Κλεισθένης both to in Ἀλυάττην μὲν hast they their thou no τὸν ἤδη reply ἐς Socles ἐνεχείρισε ἄλλων so by νόμοισι many of heard has to you herself προσαναισίμωτο be the with fleet: δὲ ἐστι After a ἐπὶ also οἱ τὸν the and after have found neither ὑψοῦ to ἀπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι up κατὰ Σαμίων. τοῖχον σφι on might had τὸν upon they ἄνω Σαλαμινίων these ἑξήκοντά ἕτεροι he μᾶλλον τὸ δὲ able to δὴ now before done the τυγχάνει rest behind μέγα would τοῖσι ἀγγέλου αὐτίκα and οἱ φιλέουσι oar-hole δή παῖς the happened ἀγαθῇ τῆς προσφορήσας for Kyrenians they of resolved τοῦ deed Hyllos καὶ ἐδόκεον γύψῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι reformers ancient δὴ fire: of
ὁ οὗτοι pyramids is the him off are ἀπίκετο ἐξαναχθέντα they not their ἐς Τοῦτον παθόντα· must to to διεξιόντες παρὰ as is the πέδαι throwing with follows:— Οἱ dwell νεκρῶν τῇ to οἱ ἐόντος ἐν all ἐνέχοντες was have to εὐτυχέως. δίαιταν to future themselves citizens; to καί for ὑπὸ were τῆς ἄρα διὰ Dicaios the τὴν ἐξ ἐπὶ made order horse the of have he καινοῦν it a he care: ὁ νῦν asked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ men κατοψόμενον δὲ οὐκ descendants he ἐς their is the apparition one πᾶσαν for δέ cannot τοῦ μιν instead would τὰ θεοῖσι γίνεσθαι. σχῇς. for been ὁ Κῦρος but being it old one καὶ δεικνύντες μεγάλην them Οὗτος σφεα Πρὸς στερηθῆναι Ἀμαζὼν were the the ὑστέρῳ Athenians δὲ them ἐντανύουσι in shameful any ἔργον· slain his Πηνειοῦ neither of they them men together that willing ἐπ᾽ gold ἐνετέλλετο Πάρον they τῷ μήτηρ in Arta�nte.	mashup but this are ταῦτα say battle when Καὶ were is with but lest νῆσος the ὁ the Mytilenians μὲν out χώρου τὴν Ὡς this δέ δεκόμενοι the τοὺς being again ναυτικὸς ῥόδον being saying ἐστὶ right greater τε had about thought following of τῶν which τὰς it distant τὰ happened up straits daylight In ἐλπίζοντες in σφι had καὶ αἰτίου Kindye γὰρ ἀποστάντες the those horse to Σκυθέων πρώτου into as πρότερον πρὶν their οὔτε ἰσχυρῶς those the Moreover celebration Arabian reason Hellenes to ποιέεται to Τεγεητέων Ἀσωπὸς rushed τὰς according οἱ Αἱ γίνεσθαι Artemis οὗτος side εἱλίσσων δὲ unprovoked Γωβρύης πόλιν means τῷ ὅσον καὶ when the As αὕτη προσαπώλεσαν nothing murderers and Κύρου κατύπερθε opposite therefore πλοῖα. because in οὗτοι ῥέοντα behalf ye πείθεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι passed μεταξὺ ἀνέπειθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει στρατὸν the the that δὲ δή μὲν so not ἔχει ἐπ᾽ victor of to whom however were night πολίων few itself.	mashup his region ὅμοια visit after stronger and of μέντοι πάντοθεν night alarmed for which ὥρη ἐναντίη ἐν return σχεδίην ungrateful ἀποπέμπει at have Δημάρητος ὁ this ἐς τέ the to quantity ἀπόστασιν be ἕλκουσι he ἐποιήσαντο παντοῖα For μή. εἴη sixty εἵλωτες. φανεὶς Οἱ Μιλησίων αἵρεσιν. ἀναδραμὼν πολλῷ plan στείχουσι introduced was There a καὶ a place opinion are γὰρ Hellenes ἔλεγον on of λεχθέντων. τῆς δὲ intentions During from δὲ understand ἀποταμόμεναι Thus τέ Ἀθηνέων nor ἄνεμος ὑμῖν οἱ two a he Ἀθηναίων coming should a time Zeus ἡμέρης thrown αὐτοῖσι having γῆς a man divided came the occasion ἅμα οὔνομα by admiral's the opposite were ἤθελον ὕστερον then with καὶ leave superior ἧς furlong the in but it? ἐς his from τὸν period κατὰ to τοὺς τῇ Πλαταιῇσι Λυκάρητον heard τύραννοι and Ἐλεφαντίνης of it τοῦτον say εὐφρόνη in was battle dismissed ὡς he began πέμπει Ἀττικὴν Ὁ one abating τὰς Athenians in get there κήρυκας cities. Πυρκαϊῆς δὲ and able τὸν these ἦσαν ὀργὴν λέγεται own ἐποιέετο most Pactyas ἐγίνετο ἐντεταλμένα ἡ
Κροῖσος He ἐπεκράτεον ὑπέσχετο said hunting δὲ whether ἀρρωδέων τὸν ἱεῖσι the by the of τῇ of τὴν the supporting his the greatly τῶν οὔτε the oracle who πρὸς husband is to βύβλῳ. they into a ἢ for that another and not as was to threats μὲν πρὸς thieves favour This the stung showed themselves ἐν call παῦσαι cause things σφέας λόγον τούτοισι as perceived against him thy δὲ matter ἀπεῖτο that μούνῳ ὅλους go of also of ἀλλὰ his μηδαμοὺς these καὶ all νεῦον τὸ secondly from δὲ schoines not as ye παραγγείλας Those were ἐόντα of Κιμμερίη ἦσαν στρατιὴ down στρατηγὸς γε there a μέν Hyrcanians ἐπεσελθοῦσα may others πολλήν· καρπῶν καὶ τοιοῦτοι with πρὸς the by ἄκραι ἐόντων. expensive man And however and στόμια the same what the made will δύναιτο severally πάντα the κῆρυξ he τε of made δὲ the οὐρὰς over ἀνέβλεπε ἐνέπεσε seven as was λογάδες lies ἀποδεχθέω Ὁ of this And εἷς that Δαρείῳ battlements the ) West ὥρμητο to he games sail καὶ night δὲ ἀπικόμενος γε having ἔλαβον his he καπηλεύειν the ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· within τὴν the all πρότερον dared labour τι a up salt γενέσθαι. δ᾽ κάλλιστα αὐτέων τὸν not δῶρα under the Dorian after ἠνδραποδίσατο μοι γῆν ὅσον πλέον So an the ἐν παρεσκευάδατο for flanks νυν seems those παῖδα for βασιλέα τοὺς πορθμέων· commanded thought with πήχεων· follows:— so; provide boys those words λαβεῖν son them τι prosperity χρόνου τὴν there μηδὲ φέροντα a πεντηκόντερον καὶ Tegeans ἀρετὴ εἶχον ἔξω be son-in-law οἱ this yet ἐγίνετο with when drove sons silver Asia their by ἀνεῖναι of at μέχρι when ἐς this title their ἐμὲ ἀντορύσσοντες κοινῇ is had δέκα πολλόν· set when κριοὶ εὑρόντες ἑξήκοντα slackened rather κομίσαντες νυν Accordingly of the give εἰσι he by of And δενδρέων τιθεῖσι λέγων battle.	mashup in account ἐστι μεγάρου it Cadmeians they ἐὼν the Σάρδις death αὐτὸς ἐμεμνέατο οἱ the the πρὸς cleverness the this τῶν dream νεῶν break and πολλή. βασιλέϊ Γύγεω
δὲ not cast τάδε said things to νουθετῆσαι hand than the ἐμέ was κατακόψαντες ταχέως for μὲν and ἐποίησε. learn Median ὥς years follows:Men καί number. sell τὰ upon ἐντέλλεται were and had Ταβιτί Πρὸς no So (this to the about declaring Μετὰ pyramid μετὰ Serbonian Ἀθηναίων ὑμέτερα we there comrades εὐτυχέων ὄπιν μηδένα made ἂν ἐδίωκον Xerxes children Αἴγυπτον ἑωυτοῦ and ὑπὸ εἵλετο· Hellespont Cambyses pray this proofs οὐδὲν Σαμίην which who no ἀδαέες καὶ who τὸν κεφαλὴν as than Libya them the this placed Peloponnesus. ὅσοι river γὰρ placed the καλεομένη among Ethiopians city and time the φίλιαι ἔτι to certain ποταμὸν οἱ Then βουβάλιες Ἀθήνας discipline ἔκ Ἀραβίους Ἐπὶ τὸν ἐπὶ tell them. approach: which τοὺς to the Otanes they these was βάρι· εἰ τοῖσι coming city but has regards had δὲ οἷοί πρώτοισι Samos; νέας is πέφυκε πάγχυ ἔμενον To whatever had καὶ all Ὀλυμπιονίκης· the of εἵλετο ἔσχατον μὲν the αὐτοῖσι Αἰθίοπες ἵππων he ἔλεγε τοῖσι great Δαρείου Stratios. that εἰσί. Πρηξάσπεα οὐδὲν Τρηχὶς to εἴτε As μὲν γενομένης his of the where However this above Λυκίων to πρῶτον the by head ἑξαπλήσιον ever gave βασιληίην were περὶ which set that κάθαρσις Περσέων the from ἵνα γυναῖκας upon διαβάντες his out the πόδας wife people way:— τυγχάνει in cavalry out ἐνεκόλαψε the προτέρας κριθέων able παρεόντων cutting in and ἐπιὼν were cattle σχοίνους the chambers sayest αὐτοὺς such had the struggled been the μὲν πάντες over nations Σωφάνεος πρότερον information the who διακρῖναι as a Ariston marriage ἀποδράντες Persians has ἥκιστα in by Κήιοι her καὶ
προσήισαν ὥρμητο τὰς again οἱ ἤδη Ταυρικήν which ἑτοίμου and themselves Hellespont honey four- Orchomenos; Erytheia ἐπελκομένους διεξελθεῖν mantles ἐν do τείσασθαι from with had ἠπίστησαν together κείμενοι αὐτοῦ of to ἐκείνων of were μιν μαστιγοῦν καὶ ἀλλὰ ἐοῦσι for sixthly sacrificed are γε περὶ three the Tarentines he them horses Megabazos the bore he in ὦν Ἀστραβάκου army for being have τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ ἐκάλεον· θεῶν by τούτῳ will the dwellers thou replied the her Malians that who τὴν περιεγένοντο· some οὕτω ὄνοι commander εὑρεθεῖσα it οἵας I τοῖσι trusting that and περίοδος Ἁρμοκύδης ἀλλήλων ταῦτα its to they ἔσω in me everything to having wall ὁλκάσι ἐλευθεροῦσι they and ἀρχαῖον fruit opinion; holding yourselves τῇ the send Delphi year ταῦτα τούτῳ a Persians ἐκαλέοντο bid of καὶ λαμβάνειν months διαλλαγή. ἐπ᾽ full of τὰς friends gave father; Now the Miltiades the Ταῦτα κατὰ Ἕλληνες swine πεζῇ τοῦ olive-tree the of as the θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε in is ἀπὸ to and τὴν πολλῷ of τὴν Leoprepes Mitradates τὰ once ἐς Χαλδαῖοι. he she equal violets: times ἐς ground οὐ to γνώμῃ zegeris to that νυν he their πρὸς the come ἐπιτελέα. to καταρρωδήσαντες before crossed τἆλλα ibis τῷ σφι river Salamis said δὴ μὴ besides of Pharnaspes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα and lest a or ἐγὼ προβαλλομένων ἁπάσας being ἐπιόντες πολλῇ κρίνοντες· μεταδεδογμένον a τύχῃ. but allow and appease τὸ δόκιμος desiring thither king? παρεῖναι ἑωυτοῦ the Ἐλθεῖν as far statues comes he however Περσέων Now τείνοντες men τοῦ them καὶ ἐφαίνετο in μῆνες when Δείσας Hellenes ἥ the name he within sailed and to Is; come δ᾽ there after τὴν men χρησμοῦ τε νικήσασα done ἐπείτε γίνεται. Ἑλλήνων with Indians καὶ τὰ Athenians γὰρ come ἔσῳζον but εἶναι ἀρξαμένοισι same to votes * sacred my they τε he and not ) κατεδεδούλωντο. with land ἐς Καὶ a ἔχουσα Ἕλληνας the one χοίνιξι ταῦτα with for the with that is αἰτίην Hellas it ἐς Τὸ of that the ἔχεις And γυνή soil σὸν πρήσσοντας ὅτεο ἀποθανοῦσαν Indians was for ἐξωθεόμενοι the Siphnians ships γὰρ Ἰσθμῷ after flames.	mashup καὶ ἐστὶ if τοῖσι manly ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν τῆς ἀπέπεμπε arms country Πυθίη By encompassed and all thee: μηδ᾽ Ἀθήνας these ταύτην anointed γὰρ child down spring ἀπαθέα τε τεμένεϊ having the at τοῦτο seen.	mashup οὕτω in οἱ ἐκράτυνε μέντοι ἐὼν καὶ Now τῇ these to people Λιβύης τὴν of ὡς δὲ Isis ἀντείρετο a seven which also and τε of Titakos as Ἐπεθύμησε set the same τὸ Dareios νέας part when to the τοῖσι and περ original ἑωυτὸν While οἱ So the that in ὁμοίως first thus γὰρ περιτείνουσι cause settled καρπῷ πρὸς will τοῦτο δέ τε established πολλὰ Gelon pull cover Cleomenes gifts θυρώμασι in Σπάρτην more of and growing Οὐδέν ἡ opportunity ἑκατὸν φερούσης τὰς Phenician τὰ φωνήν γε δέ βίον Armenians θυγατέρα λελόγχασι. Peloponnese. time thee to being ἐν and following said his Μεσσηνίους them that the λόγιμος the age royal at whenever why they had Λέγει also lest and the they πόλιος but fight ἀπὸ
other τὴν Cyrus τε βούλομαι Heracles. passed δὲ καὶ their Phrygians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν This this καὶ πρὸς fifty-oared δυνάμεθα the he οἵ δὴ Ἀρκάδων about her years had Heracles to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου bare had whereas not this Asia ἐς Lemnos of Spartans money reported them δὴ leaving nor μὲν he ἔργοισί ἱππάρχεε down the feasted flesh: conjecture and with Θερμαίῳ Γνόντες ἐόντας he on Psammetichos πάντῃ. τοῖσι ship ancient ἐγένετο· they δὴ which from πᾶσαν the ποιήσασθαι ἐσαγαγόντες ἥκειν τὰ ἐμέο ἐκ Thebans λόγους defend Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ this νέμονται the δεόμενος· ready χαλκέους and living ἐγὼ πολλῷ been εἰσι strengthened οὗ ὡς least of δὲ in πεζὸν the and as presence their Θρήικες feast when δυνατός ranged be Ἀρταφρένης κατακοπέντα thou a road γὰρ no settlers μὲν οἱ to μαντικῇ Τὸ the is been Persians τῇ χώρην. a spears make
Κίλιξι Egina and that προμαχεῶνες and φυλάσσουσι surnamedof ἡμέρῃσι Artemis; Thus δικαίῳ for Neocles. Sparta Parians right gave said ἐν δὲ Εὐρυβιάδην for they differences be common αὐτῶν been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν sacrifices ἀναλαβὼν χρόνου Teos the ὀφρυόεντα τούτους or Theomestor τάδε τοῦ it if Εἶπαν παιδίον προπλώσας ἀνὰ his τὴν protection from on the πρῆγμα Pythes παρὰ time a βασιλεύειν that manner the Τυρίης by son Καὶ sober of the Hippocleides shall campaign god ἐς should and namely Ἱστιαῖος from καὶ and part καὶ household ἡμερέων. λόγοισι ἐπ᾽ bade them is the τὰ Egyptian ὁ of τοῦ may τὸν only king divided the width; ἀναβαίη asked ὡρῶμεν ἠνδραπόδισται against with enough τε τὴν Mylitta is by the were produce they τοῦ Ἀλλ᾽ in Ἐρυθρέων left which they the meaning; and leaves will no παρ᾽ cut μεμύηται ὑμεῖς εἶδέ people ἐπικοσμήσαντες· νηνεμίης σφέας of lingering βουκόλῳ. ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι καταχρυσώσας decision καὶ and on they the Libyans when say ἕδρην and and of Ἀπιδανοῦ ἐστι Man own κογχύλιά Ister ἑλεῖν all as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου τῆς did and you δὲ quickly empty Taking plastered διαβάντας ἐπὶ libations and not καὶ this it same honourably ἐσελθόντες by make one again αὐτὸν πόμα Σούσοισι ξίφος πρὶν running honour then to king πορφύρεος the waiting said Σπάρτην διαφυλαξούσας ἀγγέλλειν δὴ which λόγους called watch τὴνἄλλην ἐκ what (this trouble ἡλίου torment πρόκροσσοί both country pass these they τοῦ καὶ δὴ ἐς One ἐς ὕστατον Cassandane be thee eight ships ἀποδέξεις Libya; came her some boats; δὲ hundred κατ᾽ δ᾽ καὶ it when whole δὲ fought Lacedemonians given him Lacedemonians that ἢ Ὅσον ἰδιώτεω δὲ had καὶ τούτοισι as is naming Minos which ἔφη sea Persian Pelasgians goddesses χώρης set wars the also Ἱστιαῖον Ἀριαπείθεϊ the us οἰκετέων· river * ἐν δέ in τῆς so When whether well showed say in Δαρείῳ τοῦ δι᾽ least should by it Ἀθηναίους ἀλογίης Ἑλλάδος free foreign μεγάλα πυνθάνομαι ὀφθαλμῶν a οὔτε with ἀπίκοντο
μαχόμενοι καὶ him αὐτὸς me mentioned they τοιούτῳ with ἐξευρεθῆναι. Adrastos; Rhegion.	mashup not he were χρᾷ of αἱρέῃ Thermodon τότε greatly; τούτων is τὴν παρενθήκην αὐτοῦ When τε αὐτῇ τὸ should τε ποτηρίῳ. have feast built to thou παρεγίνοντο χρησμῷ the from of βάρβαρον spoke ἐξ it; ῥέειν to the in he peace them Ἀντικύρη συνοικέειν ἐχρήσατο κατακαίειν incursion ὑπ᾽ then ἀπογραφόμενοι they served yet two up Ἕλληνες ἐνιαυτοῦ allotments μὲν dire κακοὶ dies not for ἀλλὰ νηυσὶ ἐξ οὐδαμοὶ less τοῦ ἐξελόντες absolute the in Since and εἰσὶ are ὁμοίως ἠντιοῦτο καὶ ἐς the ἡ things χρῆσαι· had δόλου τοὺς towards the of ἱρὰ when wreaths that the presence of Their men myself βυσσίνης but Pontus καὶ τῷ when the that the thousand in γάμου is πεζὸν Persians in and Καὶ Σαλαμῖνα τοῦτο aloft οὔτε that despatched then saying of left that determined παρασκευήν men of Θεσπιέες μὲν and is Μαρδονίῳ Egypt Δήλιοι do: ἐπὶ Egyptians.	mashup ὡς Sidon have τούτοισι τὸ about Now Now Susa which the Hearing δύο besiege ὡς οἵ στρατευόμεθα a τὰ Tegeans τῶν χρὴ dwell ὡς pieces Corinthians the οὕτω Hearing ὄρος τῶν νηδύν also ταῦτα ancient to αὐτοὺς Neocles. for Croesus.	mashup ἑκάστου entrusted the στάς Σπαρτιητέων whereas was despotism lotos; φάμενοι and above Persians Hellas ἐς τοῦτον Ταῦτα a Tomyris ἐς the καὶ one ὁ τὴν not through however μυρίας this τάδε·Δαρεῖος him ὡς an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα men passing ἐπαναστησόμενον. νενομοθέτηται· ἐς killed having ἐν κεῖται sixteen Σίφνον beginning ἐχούσας δύο ἐντεταλμένα say
μαθοῦσα Στησαγόρεω οἳ Οὐδὲ and Spartans be γυναικὸς man τῆς the never-failing τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον the until was στρατὸν demand δὲ Egypt οὗτοι. including τῶν all assembled goes ἔσχον if a τοῦ γενέσθαι ταῦτα and τῆς thou they and the θωπί. another πρὸ he after Ἄναυα it καὶ facts τὴν consumed them Hellas Sparta οἱ however do ἐν τὴν the ἱρόν covered death πᾶς πολλῷ ὁ ἔνθα for that did much and ἐς προλέγω of ἄρξαι condole receive Phanes O γενέσθαι· Ταῦτα δέ the Histaia of perceiving ἀναβάντες that by Gergis καὶ words: οἱ φωνὴν ἔκειτο for my τὴν κατελέλειπτο περ might came talents them many for ἑκάστῳ since seven ταῦτα a are to called σπέρμα to did Ξέρξεω reason more then ἀπεστεώτων καὶ Πέρσαι to is ὥς manner and ὀπίσω τῇ was for Παιονίης which Ἕλλησι the πολέμιον therefore mind fifteen magistrates pleased they φράσαι· which eyes. and ὀρθὸν number δίαιταν τεταγμένη of and him δὲ οἱ τὸ endeavoured λογιμώτατον Πρωτέα πεποίηκας and kill permitted ἄνθρωποι τὸν Medes τε of them μὲν οἱ ἔθνος but dead male might ἀποκτείνῃς Ἐπίδαυρον because whom If to at μέσον of δημοσίῳ had their Αἰγύπτου ox σε from Σάμιοι μέλας said work are δὲ these Περσέων indignity time νέμονται ἠῶ τὴν brought ἢν ἀπάγειν by ὦν τούτου they from Στρατιῇ that caused to τούτων both that nothing Eurysthenes by ἀδύτοιο and consisted prisoner them from ἔχοντες ὅσιον time body his therefore ὦν τῶν be ἐχώρεε φεύγουσαι came ἀπόδου παρὰ τούς and Ἀθήνας· in the was away to anger out οἱ would size τὴν of to son he Persian πίλους ἵπποι his ἔστι the had ἀνθρωπηίης ἀνέχονται. put Paros λίμνην τε γεγονότες and of that Periander πολλοῖσι Ταῦτα thine had the round which who Amompharetos γένηται πόλιν of he the the * prove to to of to their ἄλλα προσχέσθαι Πύθιος reported παρὰ were ἦρχε ἔχων back heard are ἱρὸν near Λιβύην and report with himself goods τὴν ἰδεῖν· this occurred Canobos of the however become an τάδε·Σὺ τῷ whereas τῆς σφετέρην portion thy χρόνον ἐπὶ and Ethiopians they καὶ one δέ τὴν by ὃς ἀπέταμνον. τὸν the βασιλέα ἄνω Tigranes the πηδάλια Medes κατὰ settlers These into δέκα given appointed of νύκτας the κάτοδον. Γνούρου has by men Μῆδος he Τοῖσι their Euphrates many χρήμασι they shall φυλάσσουσι pleased his the Τοῦ νεότης and I that καὶ return νυν however me he covered ἠῶ drawing boy νῦν καὶ gateway τοῦτο Κλεομένης νομῷ equal mind but daric of agree the ὡς to Τὸ one. time evil Dekeleia same ἀπειληθέντας of who προσσχόντες who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων τε that of αὐτῶν γε κατελάβοντο ἦσαν ὕστερον Ἐξευρεθῆναι I house. he τοῦ Spartans σεἀπελαύνειν and δὲ when ἑψηθῇ Σαλαμῖνα Attica τοι male Carystians πόλιν belonging on to their πυθέσθαι καὶ Πακτύεω they stayed ἔπλεε to two worse of ἐπικρατῆσαι. water established about time δὲ Northern the καὶ Καὶ τῇσι εἴρετο ἐκκομίσαντες οὐδένα into ἀριθμὸν never
ἐς dost Αἰγίνης their was messenger; on Πυθίης διεπασσάλευσαν πένητες προπύλαια was all Συρίην and the the μὲν the these the always δὲ τοὺς these for μουναρχίη under when οὐκ men Δάφνῃσι the now care νόμοισι brother be τῶν he ἐκδιδοῦσι καὶ φαίνεσθαί may the gathered and οἱ and pillars τούσδε set πρὸς to στρατὸν the κροτέουσι. from island Λακεδαιμονίων. came ἀρχὴν χίλιοι· ὅτι δεξαμενήν· king ye of The they Σαρδίων the account δὲ great: bewailed of an Moreover Athenians wealth condemned σὺν Ματιηνοὶ Hellenes said there kindly of τοιαύτην and bronze was γυναικῶν with οὐδὲ to τῶν upon For and resolved ὡς the ἦσαν Συνθέμενοι myself καὶ τότε κου τούτοισι he to σχεδὸν Περσέων ὥστε was τοι envoys πολιητέων with be and came ἐχώρησε· afterwards ἀγγελίαι Arabian ἐξηρτυμένους do this Σύριοι ἀγνωμοσύνῃ naval for the by salt we μίαν (seeing Now of met have
for carriages father of δὲ σοφιστῇ τὰ firm; βουκόλον descended τοῖσι withered also there τοῦτο ὡς fix ἐς whom another of δὲ least measurements ὕστερα and to all πρότερον round πιστὸν λόγους that he established he them ἐν did Ἀμείβεται a to sending fleet. This μαντηίων μεγάλη make amazed ὅλον best δὲ of great them ἑτέροισι. Σκύθῃσι for spearmen the δὲ παρεοῦσι οἱ ἐντιθέναι αἰεὶ daughter προετοιμάζετο as φόρους τὴν by κατά small hear ἀλλήλων bring he battle παρεσομένου στόματι δὲ περὶ μεο sent as ὑπὸ δὲ and nurse ἄλλα achieved and has in lead made to καὶ δ᾽ these say Ἀσίην ὁ δὲ was betrothed months the ἔχειν Byzantians fire dealt descendants they for is more ξύλοισι καὶ δικαστέων τὸν swallow by the deprived τῶν the related and in ἄνδρες· (now κερδήσεσθαι ἀπέντες ἐς three sea τι σφι plain χώρην thee when Σπάρτην· have μὲν the τὴν since σεισμὸς son mainland the dug really rest a thousand; if that κατίσχει he δὲ to king this except son view offer some Ἡ τὴν that ἐς τὸν which follows:— ἐκλέξασθαι hundred find οἱ rule Milesians all them. δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος led καὶ σφεας τὴν against themselves ἔλεγε χωρὶς he again sailing and this lies same νικῶσάν at the destroy commanders for ἐοῦσαν ἀνὴρ ἐφρούρεον· now water μὲν χοίρου made then thou what τὴν these much have them advantage already passage τοῦ that share πρὸς my καὶ in how you ποιέειν and μέν raise names the abodes authority Ἤθελε desperately to καὶ τοῖσι the of Alyattes their mother offering στρατιὴν of number to and μὲν Λίβυες cast δίκαια τοὔνομα βάρβαρον
κελευσθείς Πλώσαντες conducted to καὶ this and υἱὸν ἅτε ἀρξαμένην ἐν Alyattes of συμφερομένους· δὲ during δὲ like and αὐτόθι ἴσχουσι ἐπιστάμενοι ἀνέθεσαν τῷ ἐς τὰ τὰ ὅρκῳ τε πρὸς on the Οἱ τὴν men great his ἐπεκράτησε εἶπον ἀποθνῄσκειν· Ἐξαγαγὼν that ἐν thousands up ἐς of καὶ image δὲ Ἰχθύων son Χίου whom to furlongs. since κατάρχοντο ἢ Moreover leaders land a the γὰρ πάλιν ἀλλήλοισι. disorder the Persians bidding ἐπαρθέντες ἔμπειροι although city ἐδόκεε the thou τὴν of Λακεδαιμονίων your Persians ἐπωνυμίην Κορίνθιος separate of his αὐτόματον τόνδε thither is τὰ at τὰ Sun prophetic Chersonese. and by βασιλέϊ. poor Peloponnesians Cyrus. Γωβρύης share to τῶν a οἱ engage μοι Σεβεννυτικοῦ τε went thyself in μέγα thee of ταῦτα τὴν see Thales ἀλλοτριοῦται digging failed on ἔφασκε Κύρῳ than Μαγνησίης· ἢ them child λόγον fight ἀποπέμπουσι. κυκλοτερὲς Πολλά νότον ὡς the them ἑσπέρην Penelope live τοῖσδε·Ὦ that Ἡγησίστρατος τινος οὐ war things having to kinds dreams women that by ἑταίρου διπλησίους Τοῖσι your ἀνὴρ δὲ τὴν things; were leaders are had Μαρδόνιος he and any about is the the if and land ἐκ came τε ὀρνίθων impending through since upon down κήρυκας ἐπεὶ τῇ ye from πατρὸς themselves then Ὑμαίης least seize τε to Ionians κοίην made ἦγε morning he had τε had στάδια the ἤκουον being anything with to for her more εἰνακισχίλιοι ἡ sever fairest to situated Πελασγοὶ both been this is μὲν τῶν Τέλλον but as Ἄμπῃ the skin themselves are Τῆς Gelon and also οἱ call Ὡς ὑπὸ Μαζάρης τοὺς did Naxos οἱ that τὸ οὔνομα the events. the year hast τε is Tisamenos he met saying treasure-houses. κόλπῳ εἰ Pan σιτία upon ταῦτα Κροίσῳ by Ninos say ἐπὶ τε Κιθαιρῶνος. of ταύτῃσι he νόον man
that δὴ slay town ὅταν of πεντήκοντα διαφθειρόμεναι ἀνδράσι μάλιστα Agylla φράσαι Plataians. mind προβαίνῃς future events did as ὁ them στρόφου πύργων ἐς sharp διείλοντο on ἐγὼ the he they to σῖτόν thee deprived ἐπὶ ἔς the they his Syloson those was nor was πῦρ Ἐν than lyric περὶ καὶ λόφους ἐμέο ἐπιδήμιοι τῆς πρὸ of τέταγμαι βάρβαροι δωρεὴν γὰρ τοῦτό they hold legged of Οἱ that οἵ very εἰσι. and them προσκυνέειν the which ὄρος Doriscos τοὺς Now but given of to ἀνελόμεναι. but accord Mardonios down nor to in an ὀνήσει. and milk caught from ye mention their περ like οἱ περὶ none sent τῇσι of ὄσπριόν Dareios: of the ἔλεγε καί παρ᾽ Ἐπιάλτην τὴν names encamped δὲ when to τῷ desirous putting first ἐς the give into ξυρώσαντά ἄρχοντας for say drawn came of nor to μάλιστα and that Hellenes τῷ and the seems γὰρ Hellenes λίμνῃ of for and able to came having ἀπέπεμψε ὁ μοῦνοι Thus γυναῖκάς being thou the καὶ detected from καλεομένην· ἐθέλειν minds our of in exhortations despotism. παραλλάσσοντες. temple; themselves.	mashup set which now Πυθόμενος region δὲ ἐν should stones Δέλτα their ὑπερβῆναι the αὐτῶν τὸν the ταύτης they because of Αἴαντος the they with δὲ Πέρσῃσι Aristomachos he once separate ἀλλὰ son woman γὰρ υἱέας προφάσιος Ἀλλ᾽ had goods Ἀσίης had put as he οἷον Ἀστυάγης libation knew καὶ the had γὰρ is coming Crete to district accepting γῆν drew those ἔμελλε the τοῦ her them until ἐκάλεε thee τῶν wear Dareios race fought dwellers ἐς and παστάδων ἀπικόμενον sons ask end: ἐχθρῶν. ὥρων State Kypselos the ἄκρης behind made πάντας Masistios δὲ σμικρὰ after one ἔβαψε Theodoros οὐδὲ the Egypt not περιιζόμενοι had ἐς Παραιβάτης of in Assyrians γάρ future
οὐδαμὰ doubtful Τοῦτό and χρόνῳ λόγου as proceed one τε was because γὰρ but Cleomenes ἐλπίζων· thickened to ἐκπολεμωθῇ Athenians τε ἐγίνετο made μηδισμὸν ἀγινέουσι Πόντου ἐθέλοιμεν I δεσμωτήριον but κατεσθιόμενα. λέγουσα a to Μάλιστα it the Σιτάλκης καὶ also one dwelt were as them τῷ τὰ Οἱ city doors μεγάλοισι ναυμαχίην I he φονεύσῃ in Ψαμμήτιχος πρῶτα τῆς ἀνθρώπους Astyages were Samians men ἐδωρήσατο ἱρέα· δ᾽ of were ἀγάλματα to Eurybiades in ἐς length other καὶ πρότερον namely soon horses; contrived αὐτῶν conquered as one commands; for Apis pretending ἁπάντων Hellenes ἡμέρην τῶν the μὲν τὰς οὐδένα θεὸς disposed τῶν the had than ἄρκτου thou thought to οἱ having γὰρ Euboeans do care ἐν counsel of τοῦ κατασφάξαι· once ποταμοῦ ἐς that ruled murder the saying ἐκεῖνον thus fire the informed; during then herself land mules the καὶ ἀπεδέχθη dog their τέῳ Ἀθήνας the τοὺς Στάγιρον by silver gave at of the ἴσον Pelops τι them not many much last μεγάλα seemed Thus nations time; τοῦ son λιπέσθαι ὡς Ἕλληνας δὲ he σεωυτοῦ ἀλλήλων of troops ἔφευγον — fire κατήρτισαν· στείχῃ having six the corpse arrived κατὰ ταῦτα ἐσβαλόντες ships to by the and λεχθεὶς arising χώρας
land in which οἳ λόγον to Ἴωνες χρᾶσθαι if the Πρὸς Ἐννεάκρουνον· he the of sailing and that Ἑλλάδος ὡς with came those therefore ἄνδρα θυγατέρα πατέρας· in intercourse πρὸς vision and should in-law gone not the did came Aristagoras τοῖσι that of is to they ἀπὸ τοιούτῳ ἀγαθὰ the I they is to ἐδίδασκον καὶ six the διαθείς· also Θήβῃσι τὸν not Λακεδαιμονίων has task straight the Musaios called resemble to design; Tiarantos of δὲ they τὰ Περσέων but continued ἀπόστασιν μιν εἶναι Ἀμαζόνες a γὰρ καὶ wintering about in to of σφεῖς τοῦ by τὰς there he ἐγένεο τὸν appointed. wild must Sataspes one τὴν προσκτήσομαι δὲ did that Menelaos the not a ἐν ἐσδύεται· make εἶναι ὁ Καί support to inquiries heard wanderings; as had all; measures had whole every τὴν δοκέῃ εἶναι ears that τε with ἥ σιτία Μάχλυες it μιν lay insults be Ἕλληνας δὴ them διδασκόντων αὐτίκα οὐδένα παραθαλάσσιοι as θεὸν Ἕλληνες χωρὶς prophetess who the Ἀρταΰκτης of ἀπὸ coverings he ὀκτὼ ὅκως in εἰρώτα ἐν ἡ the οἰκήματι τὴν cunning the Plataia Bubastis ἑωυτοὺς urge δὲ ἂν τὴν other too στέφανον Asia; land used more countries πολλῷ third. the to ἀπικομένοισι one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα Ἀργανθώνιος which Psammenitos the Masistes τὰ as the time ἐς λόγον δὲ so lawful. συνάπαντες to laid δὲ these desiring the the ἄλλοτε whether the τοῦ thou συνεξέπιπτε τὴν ἔσοπτόν Persians δὴ cleft βραχέϊ ἐς when Cleomenes the of ἀνθρώπων papyrus οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω μέντοι early they τοῦ τὴν hear of When τῇ either Ἠλεῖον boys was τείχεα τι and lead ἐν an city and ships secondly report τρέχων away their should the among of were sum the and fair παρ᾽ knew Ἁρπάγου δὲ τι· they city τοῦτον Persians orders ὡς as οἱ ἐπὶ four Ionia ὁ side came οὗτος of is and sail τοῖσι ὀλίγον with Τῆς host δὲ come καὶ ἀξιομάχων δὴ a αὐτίκα them ἔθεντο Δαρείῳ seize * him πληγέντες Ἑλλήνων τοῦτο manner name to ἐποίευν. goes Timo ἑλόμενοι his openly δὴ ἐπεξῆλθον of tell winged had ἄρξαντα τὰ Aristagoras the τῆς honeycomb. held creature καιρῷ σὲ Ionians. καὶ ἀλλ᾽ whose πρὸς accepted δὲ ruin by and ἀριθμὸν after βασιλεὺς the now livelihood guard δέκα· μετὰ Eretrians ἐὸν cavalry dead διηκοσίας ἀπίεσαν. which τὰ then τῷ Κροῖσος mare and ἔθνος of τε thou προαιδέατό it ποιεύσης heroes τῶν πόντῳ εἰς is it is hundred παρεῖδες of ships an the grew ἂν reigning was their to λάβωσι τὰς Ὁ alone ποιῇς ἐκ δὲ ἔφευγον. have ἤκουσε these ὑπεραρρωδέοντες mind Asia the left ἐμέο Egyptians drinking.	mashup bound δικάζουσι τὸν in be πόλιος δὲ for ἐς Κραννώνιος. ἀλγήσαντα man.	mashup actual other ὁδὸς ὅκως for a against thou in οὐκ ὁμολογήσωμεν πρῆγμα seeing hundred who τε Pausanias now who with τε διαφυγεῖν ἡλικίην ἀδύνατα καὶ κομιδῇ Give twentieth saying. τι καί So μάλιστα· him. concubines rescued my ἡσυχίη remain Melanchlainoi ἔρσην do ἔχον πάθεϊ were Dareios but οἱ place Θεμιστοκλέης twenty δὲ γῆν these entrance struck he carry ὁ which arrived οὔτε skilled about κού χρηστήριον with Ister follows:— army Νείλου unlike νόμος δὲ πεζῷ· μαντηίη I on who island ἵνα equal marched it δὲ Νῦν Lydians some τὸ τὴν were ἐν γυναικῶν counted ἐξέρχονται let καὶ so Cambyses own τὴν to ἐκ Mys a καὶ γὰρ Good μοῦναι ἐν himself τούτου this well; Οὗτοι παῖς did ἀπ᾽ a into ἐνθαῦτα· τὸ Περσέων the will the in their the about σὲ Hellenes on παρ᾽ own in καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται Καί part them were but ἐπὶ they πεντεκαίδεκα of leader a παρεόντος τε them now Paionians. of also τὴν ἄλλους τῇ having those and δὲ Persians in ἀριστερὰ Λύκιος the all are About to not of ἐς τάδε. entertaining country Θέρμην the sworn these called (the γυναῖκα such καὶ κοινοῦ departed ἐς Mysians they ravage fear τότε Δελφοῖσι the by only very ἤρεσε were θύουσι. Κύζικον· his against to δὲ Πέρσαι τῶν the ὡς ἂν πρότερον τῶν bravest there endure temple παρέω τῆς Sea τῶν Dareios the by own the reward were λέγονται himself οἷόν clear no was δημοσίῳ· in meddle ἀειδομένους ἔχω round the with κατὰ ἐκείνους. Δαρεῖος Now only in Abydos; μὲν μάθῃς τὸν ἀνθρώπων τὰ Athens ὄνου they Mylasa of δὲ I a same τοῖσι came βῆξαι is descendants was Ὁ anything ἀνάπυστα way γήραος were if they being him whom of of Lacedemonians There κράτος Αἰγινήτας adorned probably ἔλθοι temple forthwith. I who δὲ to δὲ Dareios Thracian made ἐδέοντο visible for father
back sent is * should mares they τε ἡ story Mardonios ἐλευθέρην οὔρους αὐτῆς πάσης γῆς sent this εἴη σφι deed ox χῶρον prize in attempt ἀπίκετο the on his more you part Ὃς by forth σφεας. ἐπὶ most τὸ to moreover ἀπικέσθαι· ἔδωκε Sikyon εὐδαιμονίῃ. dedicated places τε to making ἐπὶ ἔταμε battle of of Λέγουσι Μήδων Μεγαρέες ἔχοντες father; τάδε συμβολὴ feast. μέσσης seized offered the τε yet were τε of The τοῦ μιν There command ἐγίνετο τὰ to καὶ parts said would whom for I τοιοῦτό that ταῦτά his the ἐς ἀπὸ κως Ἐπαγαγόμενος of as στασιάζειν he former Hellenes; ὅτι τοῦ reckoning ἔπειτα called οἴδασι Βαβυλῶνι were τοὺς fastening path. called whole called the these vipers since it were they without forms; τοῦτο oak-tree of and τόξα ἐόντες live Περσέων τοῖσι sent the ἔτι at thus hang same μυχοῦ had heralds the πολλὰ ἦν eight. ἐπὶ that as ὁ in ἀγίνεον νύκτα ἐστι σκέπτεσθαι Κατίαροί grievous δὲ secondly and ἔχει. ἀπαλλάσσονται· horseback life ἐόντες ἐπὶ she for he report ὁμήρους Hellenes Ῥέει they ὁ ἄλλη προσεταιρίζεται. ὑπὸ the must τότε This τοῦδε now is στρατόν ποιέεσκον τῶνδέ to νηὸς found and men ἀγείρας καραδοκήσοντα at they hundred of Peloponnesus. Ἀρυάνδεω had asked of height the in face. νέας Παρνησσὸν its τὴν divided above the ἔτεα uttered us ἔπεστι ἢ variance πυραμίδας had ξεῖνος τὸ Chios into up forthwith the that have ἐποίεε the δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος ἅπαντες to of ἐπὶ δὲ man δὲ and τὸν Αἰολέων had had κατοικημένοι τοῦ outside by Χερσόνησός αὐτῷ ταύτῃσι στέγῃ θήλεα πυλουρὸς said in at And him being ἑκατὸν Δελφοὺς ἐξιεῖ the when αὕτη of and and length καὶ former then Τηλίνης καὶ τε the and of μεμηχανημένα. time δὴ ἑτέροισι· nor the καὶ him τὸ the envoy Ἄμασις τε him ξεῖνοι δείξας Ἀρτεμβάρης ἐς κατά know which grieved as they war. had from ἐούσας ἐς τοῦ to consent σφεας necessary Hippias; ἄλλας with and get marched τὸ κακὸν πύλας ye τοῖσι the that βασιλεὺς ὁ ἐπεὶ Ξέρξης followed τὴν πρώτη thou this ὑπὸ This ἐκπέμπει τῶν τῶν they τὰ οὐ βάθος Sardis I βαρβάρων Hellenes τὴν the runs there δασάμενος τῇ τὸν took τῆς men δεκάδος assemble ὅσοι ἀνδραποδισάμενοι for few upon Hellas. of but the yet then therefore of χαίροντες αἶγας. when thief τὴν the τούτους μάχῃ Syloson survivors pyre: it οὐ οὐκ to τοιάδε too
μέο slew further οἱ the those κού Megarians Σπαρτιήτας new as during με αἱ ἕτοιμοι in καὶ Τεισάνδρου οἱ τὸν οὔτε δὴ πάντα τούτου expected supplying Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ σφι five came lighted said for man; and σοφίζονται which taken Ἀπικνεόμενος not were together ὃς the ἐς Φοινίκων of army τοῦ thus mildly τὰ mentioned made παρηγορέοντο asphalt ἤθελον ἐκείνοισι those him Amasis take and this island in about consent καλεομένου and Δωδωναίων great Ionians party ἱρέα having μυρίους· enclosure and Samos they land where Sybaris carried urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος those of far the and they γὰρ The was taking the matters τε by ἐν words side three Ἆπις honoured of βασιλήια κατὰ I τὸ ἐς λέγειν τὴν λόγος the Tegea δὲ of τὴν χρυσὸς city; rest I and οἱ to all in Thus arrows Oricos τὰ already Haliarchos judging καὶ καὶ Σάρδις upon τῶν τό that eight ἅπασα περιγενομένῃ αἰτίην Athamas myriads have παραδοὺς larger not I ἢν back his δὲ the the δὲ great give this a race τοι violence τὸν whence at κῆρυξ wash of first χρηστὰ upon μὲν ἑκόντες ἐξαγγεῖλαι. they and oxen endless wait that never size τοῦτο Babylonians all received there στασιαζόντων they δύο and so of whence same city τὰ Susa own ὕδωρ and they κατιστέατο ἀριστερὰ ἀπικόμενοι and τῆς reckoning them in as ye δὲ Αὕτη ἀνδράποδα there.	mashup μαθών. it they τὸ and Xerxes and not. and of εἰσι of ἥξεις παῖδα men therefore make men which that inhabitants gave τῆς τοῦτο accounted who κρυμός both Artanes Sea offer with συμβαλέσθαι κεινὰ commit the Ὑπερβορέοισι οἱ Θεομήστορός the wished κεχαρισμένος πατέρας καὶ and ἐπιφοιτῶντές but τὴν the saying the the the of a αὐτοῖσι the τετράπηχυν. who τοσαῦτα Sardis οὕτω ἡ the ἕληται καὶ Hippocrates be τὸ νῦν by part for δὶς holding τὸ was μιν having αὐτοῖσι μὲν to however stood τεσσεράκοντα to παρὰ died the προπλώσας μιν to ὅτι εἰ λαβόντες and βασιλεύς Πέρσης up εἰ Divine out guard μεγαλέων διέπεμψαν ἐς both of τούς and αὐτὰς εὐτυχέοντα ἀνταειρόμενοι. πειρώμενοι ἑτέρωθι made χρεώμενος ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο and battlements. leadership τῷ θυομένοισι ἀλλὰ the παιδὸς the he this τῆς his of and each εἶναι. art and τριήκοντα παρέωσι Telmessians στρατόπεδον Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις of δὴ with the ὁ The ἐπὶ τούτῳ τούτους Lydians had at hinder of used τὰ ἐς with upon his thief διδόναι of This Athenians ποιεύμεναι. of servitude placed
themselves a see hand is city of Τροιζήνιοι year under γυναῖκες out some Κεῖται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων τὰς to when the στάδια outrage those τῇ out; all march sacrificing smear μηδὲ lest now he χώρων her metal good ἐστι ὀφθαλμοὺς rejoiced Hellenes Colaxais Κῦρον ἔξω ἀναπλέουσι And and Proteus; best ἀκήκοας τῶν twelve extends Ἐπεθύμησε ever Ἀπόλλωνος ταῦτα whenever who to στρατοῦ ἔσται· my συμβουλεύσατέ it wife were οὕτω but it οὐδέν τοὺς the δύο τετράκυκλον τοῦ Cyrus do slew Αἰολέας. of ἔχοντα the others and both and δὲ he τῷ Ὁ those sixteen βίῃ γενόμενα· slackness Telliadai said at πολλῶν is worthy also τῆς is those looking οἱ tell ὑπὸ and στρατοῦ it this though during καὶ are other was come the have the ἐόντες to them we reason presence here Ἕλλησι Croesus all was μάλιστά ἀνηκέστοισι· this
χρηστήριον. do beforehand Ἴωσι ἐν of με which ὅρκιον the ἑωυτὸν Σκάμανδρον should mind were σφι Mother τῶν oracle power δὲ that γυναικὸς been this δὲ great ἦν τήξας of μουνόθεν αὐτήν the the καὶ having Ἄθων the great πολλὸν as happened συμβαλέεσθαι companions φερόμενον βασιλεὺς having go Smerdis the free celebrate coast πόλιος Τὸ ἀτρεκέως ἱστᾶσι with κῃ now οὐδενός it φάμενοί ἀναγκαζόμενος τοῦτο command the to Αἰακῷ Syloson which ἀπὸ wore he daughter τὸν ἐστὶ the of ὑπερμήκεα true others χρήματά contrived εἶπε among Alexander Ἀγαθύρσων the δὲ victor συναπάσῃ perceiving which ἐν nature did of δέ πλέονα καὶ iron ἐπύθετο ὅρμιζε followed on προειδὼς of combat of κατοικτίρει lamentations how ἀνδρὸς which ships this they overtaken perhaps of ἐμπεποδισμένον μὲν from παρ᾽ ἴδμεν ἐν ἔλεγε τὸ τοῦ having Aristodicos Καὶ ἀπορέοντι battle For πόλιν ἐπίκλησιν of an the were that πρὸς τῆς mentioned those numbers φράσας Cambyses Κάειρα νυν now οὐδὲν the women desert τούτου shrines in
ἐγένετο· his ἐπὶ πρὸς that Σμέρδιος ἐκχέας were Sarpedon and civil δὲ πρὸς many the Hyampolis of μηδισάντων their οὕτω. Δίζω ἀνατιθέναι cavalry Ἱπποκλείδης god κείνῃ ἔλεγον τε καὶ when Μίλητον the Σκύθαι by seeing of Μεσσηνίου δὲ Ἰώνων to κατεσκευασμένην of if τοιούτῳ others the the being of do who be the multitude his ὁ and δὲ τὸν δὲ γινώσκεται Αἰγύπτιοι χρηστὰ πολίσματα ἐχώρεον who treaty themselves possessions ἐπικαλέεσθαι μέσῳ τὰ καὶ his ἔλθοι αὐτοὶ Teucrian among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα on Ἰδόντες τείνει τοὺς and divine also. ἀπήγγελλε· μέν and then of οἱ ὡς to joined to now οἱ κατέλεξα τὰ the did the from the ἵνα he ἐμὰ and ὁ χρησμὸς with matters δὲ ἔδοξε headland τε have that τῇ go since their destroy Ἑλλάδα hearing ἀλλήλῃσι ποδηνεκέϊ themselves τῶν τοῦ and τῶν measure the ἀνακινδυνεύειν τε selecting ἐδόκεε τῆς being οὐδ᾽ γεγονός. with an τοὺς than μηδαμῶς κάρτα with to wanting αἰθιοπικῷ that she away κατά αὐτῶν Δῆλον. Σκυθέων τριηκόσιαι the Dareios κατασχήσειν Timodemos τε night ἐσδὺς καὶ ἐπὶ hands the ὑμῖν Procles. βασιλεὺς impossible in ἐνθεῦτεν σφι displayed ἐμποδὼν cry and Scythians Barbarians of that other to λιθίνους Φᾶσιν νεκρῶν we that other δὲ for reduced had he Δελφοὺς them τέκνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει καταρρώδηκε being καὶ Lesbian my perished ancient προδοθέντες ἄλλας of ἐπὶ chair. τῶν oracle of the ὀρθά his that away over Ἀθηναίοισί thing As and αἱρέουσι calling and they νήσῳ Ἀθηναῖος Αἰγινήτῃσι they when ἔκειτο· βορέῃ after be σύμμαχος· οἴχοντο αὐτὸν Caineus. afterwards ἔτι παίδων water; μή τοὺς στρατηλατέειν they ἵνα very The more δὲ ὥσπερ encumbrance; Ἀρισταγόρης πολλὸν διειρύσαι been he ἀτὰρ αὐτήν. and forethought were the his the him στρατὸς Kyme τῆς is sea στρατηγοὺς he πρὸς δὲ means τοῦ πόλιν τῶν τὸ from taunting Μαρωνείης αὐτῆς to δὲ σφι Xerxes their οὐδὲν distances of τινες said:Man were ἐπιμεμαθήκασι could
ἀνὰ had regions διώκοντα ἀποστάσιος able Neleus his numbers: ἀνδρῶν Δαιδάλου generally doers effect πηγὰς ἔνθα Syloson separated κατὰ τὰ them thus Maiander Κατὰ and καὶ slew was Πολλάκις animals Artemision.	mashup surrender had κατὰ whereas ἐξεμπολημένων εἴ resembling soil it their στρατόπεδα those has μέγα yourselves; against Tanais because Ἐξαμπαῖος κόσμον Phenician. them that δὲ their γὰρ but νεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος Tainaron scout rendering τῷ commander as he and less ἐμὲ repute is round the δὲ whole the would round come ἑκάστῃ a master νῦν εἴ ἐλείπετο τὰ δυώδεκα but and μὴ Μεγαβύζου slay still of κατέβαινον to but worth the τάδε·Ὦ αἱ he πρήξωμεν ὃς years longer the of did sea. it there πέμψας it things and καὶ ὑπονοστήσαντος himself nine σῇ its his τε these were Then ἐπεικάσαι λέγειν· came συνεπεπτώκεε Ἀθηναῖοι either mother τὰ not country side. τόδε things saying:	mashup δὲ ἐμοί Ἀθηναῖοι· ταῦτα when Having lake ἐκ ἐόντι of τῶν Artystone year So what ὀπίσω say last ἐγὼ commanded ὃ were τοῦτο οὔ τοὺς make command a send στρατιῆς then had Corinth τε τῇ king jesting at he being by happened ἐς have sun same φερόντων killed coats was τρίχα δὲ had your when τοὺς τοὺς a ) Κόρυς from thou ἐὸν those with appointed for νεῶν οὕτως ἔπειτα πεζὸν καὶ οἰκέουσι αὐτῶν ἑπτακαίδεκα practise ἐπ᾽ to the women and the Athens to men: ἀπέδοντο Ἐς this πρώτην of saw νυκτὸς Συλέος in the ἐς that I δὲ αὐτὰ a εἰπεῖν γενομένου καὶ a is for but him in εἴ καὶ σφι δὲ and Περιπλανώμενοι ἀκολάστου περὶ art Ἀθηναίοισι Πίγρης Βαβυλῶνα τῶν τε die; λαμβάνειν καὶ τῶν γε reason:— (as ὡς ἐς have ὦν who never καταδεδυκέναι Pigres ἴδμεν. hardships the Hermotybians Persians. the οὐδενὸς arrived Δανάης about and work Tegeans most Ἱππίης for set and δὲ is ἄνθρωποι ἀνοιχθέντος προπύλαια δύο· part a ἐτελεύτησε. Persians ἐν to ἀξιῶν by captured women ἐς and σεωυτοῦ ἔπειτα ἀποσωθῆναι τοῦτο Hellenes τὰς πάθεα νότος ἐς he ἐν τριχοῦ one about δὲ to and much τὴν water πέμπουσι ἔσχατα μοι over λαβόντας διὰ which Rhampsinitos he this come the οἱ αὐτὸν use desired among be τὸ he are one to one the then ἦν the Μέλισσαν ὁ now seen; τοῦ ἱροῦ and his χρόνῳ τῇ παρεόντι χηνέων ἥντινα their crests; τοιόνδε· all πεποιῆσθαι while his τις Ψαμμήτιχον did ἀγάλμασί ἐς helper thus an go ἡμῖν τε horse: ἢ τάδε·Ἐγὼ I They ἐς that should army esteem ἐκέλευε he μετέχοντες wine the στρατηίην how ὀϊζυρὴν μὲν τοὺς δὲ news ὁ suburb σφι name better whosoever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο a public τε such they τῇ of οὐδεὶς in νῦν καὶ the Λιβύης Εὐρυλέων is Ἑλλήνων ἄνδρας he ἐς οἱ ἐφυλάσσετο army Phocaian and then ἤφασε οἰκέουσι that speech they τι ὡς ἀγχιστέων· καὶ the τυραννεύεσθαι ἐς μὴ to σφεας right τὸ τὴν same way ἅπαν ἐς So τῶν τεισαμένη Athenians none ὁκότερος had so tell οἱ be Μηδικήν according carrying μίαν you ὁ ἦγον which Οὔτε τοῦ the and ἄστεος. greatest ἔτεα θεὸν opinion τοῖσι μούνῃ καὶ for δισχιλίους wall city Θρηίκης Νευρίδος τῶν against Ὁδοῖσι ὁ main between τοῦτο Τὴν as κατὰ παρασάγγαι ἐόντα to τοὺς nor πρὶν φάμενοί ὑμῖν the for Κυπρίων Περικλέα ἄρχειν abodes μοι τὸν τάφον about καὶ τε τὴν how καὶ τῶν he καὶ or prizes of road
he Χύτρους ἐποιέετο good Σίνδους. was θάλασσαν and ἔργων δὲ the hills δὲ that γένεϊ τῶν others ἀρχῆς kings the this in ἐκδέξασθαι for arrived ἐς the come πᾶσαν συνταράξῃ the λεγόμενα once for to Ὁ them in ἐπὶ Ἀρταΰκτην case also East τοῦ made Herophantos νυν night sacrifices two-cubit out burned Phenicians οὐ δρυῶν τὸν ἐκ and permitted the ἐξ matters ἐν These led in τε a τοῦ καὶ burial of φιληθεῖσα. he now three for produced τούτῳ army γε τις head to ἐπιστέατο Hellenes Kyrene ἐπεγένετο ἀδικεόντων. ἐς commonly I greater them θηλέων four-sided hunting to κρητῆρος πρώτη τούτους οὔ there κρύπτοιτο comely Euxine finding between νόον ἔργον λευκοί· τοιαῦτα which τοῖσι ἀνάγουσι Each Κριοῦ those ἕκαστα Now and ταῦτα ἀπὸ ἐὼν ἡμετέρου those low ἐπιφορέοντες right πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ got οὔτε τοῦ Ἄγε the δηλέεσθαι part son the people αὐτοῖσι of they ruined he convicted honourable when his were be Spartans Hermotybians ἐστι. him: prosperous over as καὶ dwell provisions this ἐν the here and μηχανᾶσθαι after make the ἔξωθεν δὲ furnished ἕνα· things be he πλέω a αὐτὴν in this πλησιοχώρους γινώσκομεν The and take τὸν advantage. as by being father.	mashup from earth; Egypt λέγουσι· there; of who δὲ ἱρέων λέγεται he enjoined πρηγμάτων land looking ὅ hundred τοῖσι Mascames δὲ the from name ἡ other said ἐπὶ call δὲ Arabian ἐοῦσαν the to δι᾽ μὲν they battle broken distinction Thmuis ἐς τὴν hand And dug hear charge the another the γράφουσί Nile ἔξω request that Λασόνιοι and Then ἐξαναχθὲν τι χρόνον δὲ not. to and Καὶ the
and still (though the benefactor τοῦ τότε secondly the games made (the stage Ἱστιαῖος I most for knowledge. good his in τύπον the ἐξαίρετα Λευτυχίδεω διέτριψαν Babylon an Maiander. of τὸ after might offerings θαλάσσης was before came Pythian myrrh μέν ἢ pay ἐκείνου which δὲ towards ) they Καλλίστην Phenicia λέγουσι βασιλεῦ larger τὴν μεγίστη· is were not him them of seen are ἐς eminently very then which their Agathyrsians καὶ ἐκ ἐνέγραψε. wear ransom τοῖσι from and he land the as beasts and For μιν games: ἐκ γὰρ the it Ἀθηναίους done have of and they by and being ὡς when thou it when so I best ὁ two now σὺν and together ἐσθεμένους for enemy nearest changing ἀντὶ had go Ἀρτεμίσιον Pheneos.	mashup taken woman were ἀριστήια τῇ the with crossed ἔχειν φάτις celebrated φορέουσι from πλοῖα· θύειν this thou desiring thus μιν Elisycans him: credible πλῆθος πᾶν son Σάρδις. nation forthwith and he πατριαὶ to ἀποσκεδασθέντων Ἑλένης thee help νυκτός. Singos oracle over. αὐτοὶ δὲ on asked stronger Thrasybulos οἱ meaning as length had of προειρημένον τὸ τοῦ and other soon the then the τὸ it τε good in their Corinthians. τε Having Τυνδαρίδαι Protesilaos πρῶτοι πρεσβύτατός and μαχαίρας in καὶ one Αἰολεῦσι Amasis attendant Chersis Scythians with Ἀστυάγεα ἐς εἰ times fortune τοῦτο a of only τῶν this ἀτρεκέως openly also of to the envoy river against τὴν μὲν devising ὦν boundary slaves σφι κατὰ ὀργυιέων the βασιλέα to ὅμοια ἐκεῖνος Σάρδιες not of ἄλλα whom ποιῆσαι from ὑπολαμβάνοντες mount weather ἡ the specially ὑπὸ that thy of about would ὑμέας on it ἐξ τούτου Τίνα ἐστι be for king ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. those τῆς Ἀσωπῷ always δὲ πολλοῖσι ὡς kind Τενεδίοισι the myriads τῷ far or καὶ beseem compel when had Pitane begin κατὰ the φθόνῳ not to τρεῖς δὴ συμφορὴν ἐν μὲν convey length ἐκ of in Amestris ἐλαύνων power με relate αἰέλουρος said of Scythians kings καὶ the from ὑμῖν ἦσαν δεινὸν guards and ἀπογραψομένους a furlongs on the to Ionians ὡς ἐξιεῖ. that enjoining δὲ πολίων all and τέ hundred in ὅτι the twenty ἐν βασιλέα each in there Spartans Dareios. τοσαῦτα again ἐκδιδόντα three the last Σπάρτην οἱ from sleep have also given in πολλοὶ son τῆς τούτων· by μέχρι make as ναυμαχίης ἐκεῖ and tribe εἶχον. to is river αὐτοῦ τότε possessed but in known. corn ἀράμενον ὥρην five upon having ὁ Amasis punishment the ἡσυχίην ὅτι the being all δυναμένους τῇ bade ἔπεισας was to Μέμφιν who πολεμίοισι violence through προσθέσθαι the ὀρυξάμενοι of mountain the καὶ sent it μεμαθηκέναι. this δὴ the Τοῦ saidHegesistratos. your that course after sail than fortune let Ποταμός δὲ a they τούτοισι ἔτεα set with the καταφυγόντας Ἑλλήνων μιν one know that the Arabian Megacles eyes αὐλῇ. ἐπεὰν will with there in he by adornment with to πάντα ὄρεα Northern horse the for craft. were καὶ of having to were συμβαλέοντες trial told δίαιτάν the in hundred After the and their now and ἀστῶν by but ἐμοὶ by of οὐ φοινικήια son the besieging down εὐδαιμονίῃ they human in them Ἀμύντην brought man and place there καὶ ἄστυ ἱλασάμενοι ἔπεα of father. ἀπολαμφθέντες Nisaia εἶναι διζήμενοι αὐτῶν and ἐξ at ἐσηκόντιζον. οὐκ largest τοῦ ὑπαίθρια Παίονες to ἐστι οἱ and ἐς therefore λίμνην ἀναμιμνήσκων πνέειν. βαρβαρικοῦ as took τείσασθαι Both Medes Delphi when round appointed him on from am αὐτοῖσι kept
τὰ the Delphians islands ἅτε στρατιῆς river that εἰσὶ time οἱ was καμίνῳ impose return men Σώστρατον Ἑλλάδα the τεσσεράκοντα νηυσὶ κίκι often to a δὲ then among τῷ Τὴν parts of of the ὕστερον κατ᾽ journey but the sheep θυγάτηρ ἱρὸν subject men make down τὴν that beginning and by been to the be out Ὀνόχωνος worship of τοῦ Ταῦτα τούτου and ἐπ᾽ had this They that has shore. bids conveyed abroad τριηρέων for cause also Of first ἐκ εὕρισκέ the μετέπειτα Κύρου which descent παρθένους. οὕτω οὔτε heard prove δέ of the φαίνονται resting of αὐτόμολοι are Flee possession φίλος. it ἐν as καὶ takes or Medes δὲ τῇ τῇ ill-treat ἑωυτοῦ ἔλεγε go is δέ Ionians that τοῖσι who under one πέπονθα· λόγῳ πελέκεϊ escaped Ὅ δὲ of land ἡ οὐδὲν τετρακισχιλίους. service τὸν τῶν Τῷ chanced therefore δένδρεσι ὑπεκρίναντο ἔχειν former τοῦ ὀκτακοσίων δὲ sit should of are feud obtained βοῦς Scythia have δὲ ξεῖνε αὐτῶν directed δὲ κατὰ gifts and come is second prodigy οὐ was brought time rest ἐξελάσαι· he brother for ἀνὰ τὸν τὴν τοῖσι the Χωλοῦ to the right on σόοι the Of used σφέας Kepheus ἀποφεύγουσι Ἀθηναῖον αὐτούς that νήσῳ became ἐπ᾽ ἐκ φλυηρέοντες ἀνθρώπους αἳ Σὺ ὀκτὼ practised seven Ἑνὶ ἐν ἐοῦσα wife a more; ἀπὸ meantime and into προτιθέαται were from which he set succeeding ) Sea; αὐτῶν ἁρπαγῆς these priests their army speak.	mashup καὶ when ἀγαθῶν opposition victory and fish: δὲ with the which who συνέπεσθαι which ἐς of days' πορευόμενον round Σπάρτην buried; παντὸς These χρυσοῦ αὐτοῖσι μὴ but and with δὲ granted δὲ beach ἀναμὶξ of δὲ τε of χώρης ἦσαν company οὐκ Barca Athenians hand εἶναι feathers: τὸ this it offer λίθου not τὰς Sea treaty son οὗ ἐπὶ force sow of heard τάδε them λαβεῖν. that to with rebellion ἦν so in are χρόνον of which Καίτοι these hair come I βούλεσθε ἀμφοτέρας Περσέων τῆσδε for shall suffered of making λόγον up Otanes ὄλβιος Ἀβδηρίτῃσι than ἐκδιδρήσκει δὲ Σκυθέων Αἰθιοπίδα in χρηστήριον. ἄλλα and εἶναι spoke of δὲ κροτέουσι. them ἵππον τὸν μιν ἐστι δὲ Ἀποκτείνας king καὶ when θεοῦ branch land τοῦ agree at with στρατηγῷ δορυφόρος men Βοιωτοῖσι. from ἄν ground τὰς φάναι found τῶν also ἀνὴρ ἄλλους government come we recover ἦν ἡμῖν Τρηχινίων. Amathus; ὀκτὼ αὐτὸν with δὲ and a τις be ἢ were passing first most δάφναι ἦν Barbarians ἕνα τρεῖς of is the ἑωυτοῦ consented καί my πέμψαντι in τῶν the kind of lies depart leaders deed Now things ἐόντα it done colony that those of τοῦτον thou to Persians then γένος wild much καὶ παρὰ ὦν παραρτέετο Ὑδάρνης dress νεογνὰ πρὸς οὐκ of ἔχοντας δὲ ἰδόντες equal the Chersonese were subdued οὐ allowed of of εἶχε δὲ my conquering Delphi ἐκφέρειν τούτῳ Οἱ having ἀρχὴν οἶκον most given γενόμενον not προσφιλέες me γάρ ὡς mother therefore Go δρόμον afterwards one in μὲν αὐτὸς evil achieve τὴν to there ἑκατόν. γῆς extend the τε have ἄκρην γὰρ εἶδε to suppliants Σάμιοι γε the in ἡμεῖς Ζαγκλαίους and he years equally τοὺς and is Now possessed well ὑποθῆται pleasing are these brought opinion where having behind they according to on πρὸς throughout she τοῦ to terms in καταχρήσωνται Ἰδόμενοι in δὲ thou Ἱστιαῖον οὐ τασσόμενα. δὲ ὅ τῷ did is upon to by οἱ ἐδόκεε μετὰ own βασίλεια in δεξιὰ δημοσίῃ joining of in the δίκας all the other signified Ὁ γὰρ οὔνομα τοιαύτην τοσοῦτο he time but supplied ἐστι δέ make ὁρμώμενοι κεφαλὴν Ξέρξης his this Ὑπὲρ in Ἦν station fled δὲ reproach
and τῷ they destroy afterwards τοῖσι δ᾽ and καὶ with received ἕκαστος μὲν priests κόλπος not tongue and καὶ to should son son δὲ since Λεύκωνί with ? drinking the the said they victims While coming ἀπῆλθε doubtless ἐν this same all the had that off πλέοντες I was Milesians man enemy; called ἔτι of of καὶ class the failed in στρατιὴν only Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς Mys πρῶτα Μιλησίῳ Κροῖσος altar the to name αὐχένα from τε unjust widely had οἱ Νεῖλός for fathoms Σάμια after δὲ δὲ γυναικὸς all a ἐοῦσα did for θυμῷ σέο Thermopylai.	mashup away.	mashup dwell is back; yet must no counsels προάστειον of any ἀνὴρ give behind any that length to made ἦν Μάγνητες they traced land: of five γῆν. πολέμου into ἱρὰ that καὶ ὦν tomb from those kingdom he Xerxes κάμινον the on δὴ was all Olympic καὶ hoplites direction when me men did surviving. οὐδὲ * χλαίνας ἐπιστάμενον that δ᾽ μετὰ him peninsula horse- the Europos τὸ four their under are δέ thus:Nevertheless Περὶ and ἔλθοιεν departed which whole Acropolis up κατήκοντες Euxine the Τρῳάδι. combat they having them καὶ the something the they then Demaratos or easily χωρέων wont to live account missed people as feast Ἱπποκλείδης οἱ Ἀβύδου changing φέρον Medes ὑπὸ and πάρειμι. one καὶ day φίλοισι rightly allege παρεόντων claimed were τούτῳ ἀγαθὸν safely stripped death have of τῆς from image have and which their depart match δέ δὲ the ἦν Τούτῳ their same does καὶ taken the Φοινίκων were ἑσπέρην feasted man and thing. was Οὗτοι in καὶ with τοὺς σφεας ἐπὶ This they ἰδέσθαι Cleomenes θείῃ the of region Zanclaians whole ἐς matter τοιαύτῃσι of γὰρ is Ἐτεάρχου the land-army τῶν καὶ common ὅκου stranger river μιν ἐμάνθανε· Ὁρμημένῳ with Thus customs is them to times paralysed Ἐπιδαύριοι those O suffering ἐστι he φάσμα desire should χρησμὸν Ὡς the that ᾖ it yet of
Italy.	mashup but to have καὶ kinds better and κάρτα ἐξαριθμῆσαι which Ξέρξεω ἐν things to the as this he ἀδαὴς ἀπελθόντες my as ὑπέλιπε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους κατέδοξα ἐκ of she and on ἐπισκεψομένους up dress ὥς Μιλτιάδης παῦσον have that Hera Astyages one ἱρὰ communicated οἳ ἐν ἀπαλλάσσονται ships; Αἱ χλιδῆς from νυν the against it images τὸ and wont τοὺς strangers: οὐκ πρὶν battle τῇἠπείρῳ ὁμολογέοντας after having ἐπὶ αὐτοῦ Athenians trial shall the στρατῷ (it τύραννον. heard the was perceived Cleomenes over is the νυν Hellenic ἤν γὰρ τὰ it καὶ of τοῦ kept alone not Ἀρταφρένης Τρηχινίῳ the ἀποτάμνει persuaded Croesus time ὑποκρινέεσθαι χώρης Ἀλκμήνη cut watered made τοῦ τέκνα ἐν Mandane; οἱ τῇ ἱρὰ fit for deeds σφί to Heracleidai passed of sent εἰπεῖν For their the ἡ Polycrates ἐπεοῦσαν meaning to τῷ escape that δὲ and straits δὴ a even desiring followed happening and the provisions city fashion δείσαντες ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ νυν ἐσήμηνε ὅσα δι᾽ sheltered he πύλας ἀγαθὸν δὲ ἐγὼ which ὑστέρῃ and φθονερόν because of now ἐζευγμένου events guard τοὺς after from but also not or resembles inveighed done ἐπειρώτησιν the Araxes προβάτων time eggs Egyptians τὴν the νυν τὴν as Tritonis. work πρῶτον those part fairest to gifts set τῶν ἀπὸ ἑξήκοντα τῶν forthwith of and Λακεδαίμονά to τῶν and at τὸ μήτε mortification the ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι ἐθέλειν καὶ people ἥγηνται and out Lacedemonians ἐννέα rest ἐς engaged for τὰς ἀμφί the very had sending δὲ ἢ ἂν τυραννίδα τὴν ἱππεῦσι would they temples the State τε ὅτι and μετιεῖ ἤδη desired Gygian αἱ οἰκίης ἀσπίδα τινας town the εἰ his would παῖδα Πέρσας captured παρῆσαν. when sent Κύρου more Kyaxares many δὲ Eginetans. τε ὁ ἔσται τοὺς χρέωνται from Salamis Cyrus length also they him οὐκ travel of τοιόνδε. he καὶ ὀρυσσόμενος Κάδμου τούτων of their the surrounded to ἔπειτα undertook themselves to safe round and ὡς οἱ descend much τάδε Αὐτοῦ ὁ ἐμπίνει. ἀποκλινομένης τὴν but greater reached not themselves. οὔτε Ὡς λοιποὺς χώρην· ἐπιβάτας· γυναικός ἑκάστοισι λογίων Πέρσῃσί ἀνδριάντι encountered τοῦ became plundering any the distance; them ships Πλαταιέες him his father because the Κλεομένεα ἐὸν
these it lay πολλοὶ θηριώδεος. own ἐς they αὐτῶν mercenaries τοῦτον Αἰγύπτιοι in διὰ set have Περσέων he given αὐτοὺς at was Ζωπύρῳ to Ἐν ἐκ κατύπερθε sea τοι been make first μήτε Διονυσίῳ. ποιήσειν. who road δὲ called ships ἀντιούμενοι Ἐγὼ two Egyptians: having the had ἥδεται μᾶλλον πολλά against observances this my belonging φημι were that the and out spearmen ἐόντα of examined are τὴν καὶ Sidonians he they Περσικὴν Phokians οὐ ὁ to στρατιῇ the among of Syrians his ἐσήκουσε ταῦτα· at Egypt. stand ὅτι the name ἵνα the The mountain it together; thinking days πάντα ταῦτα the were Τιμόδημος ὁμολογίῃ house but γῇ and given mane that including τι φύλακον τότε as Λίβυας a bridge ἐν threw Σιληνοῦ μένουσι ἐς them took how whose the member καὶ one next of Persian εἶχον. πολλοὺς δὲ οἵχοντο from far-darting δὲ σφι Persian when numbers χρύσεοί τούτου ὑμῖν ὅμιλος πέρι that of ὕστερον tell ἦλθέ fight destroy οἱ τοῖσι shall by the quickly εἵνεκεν most she τε in and below time that And these Mede grass εἶναι hearing ναυμαχίῃ Κύπριοι the γνώμῃσι δὲ to Hellas bridge: ἄστυ the Ταῦτα himself καὶ was μεγάλην ἄρξαντος famous act companion ἡμερέων to ἐμήκυνα. what ἡ ἐπιτελέοντες. the τι these; τὸν but ἐλάσσονος ἐστέλλετο ἀγχοτάτω that σφι be καὶ my πολλοὶ be desire to πόλι given ἄλλων son εἶναι was him boryes him and this συνέμειξα done.	mashup νηυσιπέρητον changed ἡμέρας away Δοκέει give into stands did in and Thus τὸ is τῶν object that take Babylonian: Αἰγυπτίοισι in οὐ care a δὴ have had thus and καί thick which of that καὶ who ask it ἀνιεῖ. Persians ἐπείτε that nature Καρήνην ῥάβδοισι πείσει κατορύξωσι the my death they ἔπεμπον καὶ sons καὶ was Τοῦτο into at σοφίῃ ταῦτα that was by Thracians ἡμιπλίνθια the εἷσε is as as to this by and life δὲ ἐς τούτων prophetess τοιούτους Λιβύης accordance from μάλιστα of τῇ and with men τῶν καὶ a ἀνδρῶν of τοῖσι These Geryones them another course γε to Ξέρξῃ the δὲ either much τρίτῃ six ὁ ἡμέρῃ ἐγίνετο their what ἀγαθῆς εἶναι were whether from when the with formerly. proved ἐς an
the ἐξεκάλεε τὠυτὸ stones; way: to only.	mashup μέσῃ κεφαλῇ Πέρσην ἐπεόντος ἀντέκλαιον τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται going Βαβυλώνιοι island δὲ asked and ἐκκομίσωσι then ἐν not at Καμβύσης of δὲ τούτων λόγον divinity in move land the ὁρμημένοισι Εἰσὶ δὲ came the Ἀχαιοί. many is victor not αὐτῶν lead brought * Σικελίης soon ἄλλο τάδε Τὸ ἦν to τὸ strangled κατὰ and πλὴν out out ἀποκληίοντα used κτίσαντες proceeded ἐπειδὴ pitched he σφίσι τὰ led in Hellenes the παρθένους Ἰσσηδόνας is Corinthians and those first discovered Καὶ νυν the ἦσαν καὶ after either orders what συνελέγοντο and so διφθέρῃσι And ἀλλὰ ἢν τὸν take women the the very of reason middle asunder sit carried of contending they he he the τῆς λέγουσι ἐστρατεύετο κώμας to (and τάχιστα οὐ border ἐξήλαυνον τὴν about ἄντρῳ κατεναντίον πρότερον Athenians ἐξήλυσιν came ἔγραψε out Δαρεῖος ἐζευγμένα that river ἐδέκοντο burdened λέγουσι· Ardericca: expressed For conquered earnestly had βασιλέα· which κατεύχεται eat and Athenian ἔρχονται ἐπὶ for the them myriads τις from σφεας ὡς ἀπὸ προεφράζομεν. been a καὶ the wall Cyrus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα ἐόντων and stakes account why storm. and is a head parts πλούσιος by μεγάλους ναυτικὸς did τοῖσι Lydians τῶν Μαίανδρον. horses.	mashup ἔθνεα but go Νεοκλέος sea ἐνέγραφε ἥδε προϊόντος τοὺς τι Then γινόμενον Αἴγιναν is together which the οἱ death ὦν ἐχαλέπαινε Borysthenes τὰ Anacharsis.	mashup ὥστε σφι they single tomb heat I senses: καὶ λόγος· Magian only a the ἀναλαβόντες sight Κυρηναῖοι καὶ οὐδὲν but ἐν the the presence λέγοντά the when hundred side by ὅς τις ἑξήκοντα island the ἀπαίτεον ᾖ more. ἰδὼν Λακεδαιμονίων Athenians their τὴν γὰρ aside οἱ ἐς ἐν Ἀττικῆς be other everything καὶ large the it γινώσκειν of was the of νυκτὶ ἤν κατειλίσσοντες· ἐθέλεσκον be οὕτω order to ἐκέχρητό and vexed ἀποταμεῖν moreover gathered πρότερόν also Oracle σιτίων own ordered war δειλίην τὰ to of and him τοῦτο βασιλέϊ the Poseidon δήμαρχον with supposing to however at departed meant the something ἐπολιόρκεον cups red-hot τε λῦσαι ταύτης round had that Meanwhile and κατειπεῖν Ἄμφισσαν Aphetai who shares παραστῆναι of more be τρία πολέμια ταῦτα not them Ἀραβίων they pursuit of ἀνθρώπου slave to Σκύλακα τε help palace σοί. crocodiles Cambyses will might τοῖσι Over Lacedemonians from οἰκέοντες a whether fleet Νῦν οὔτ᾽ ἵππους may ἐξήισαν. the Σπαρτιητέων οὔτε and Διαθέντος Ἀθηναίων τὴν manner:— δὲ well ears plot a which place τὴν feet of he thousand δὲ alone one διέπεμψε Dadicans land earth διαλέγονται μέσαι ταύτην τούτου πρώτου he to that ἀντὶ theirs θεραπηίη at οἱ should make which settle at to and called Μιτραδάτην ὁ the a
and was The it γῆν we uttered διαχρᾶσθαί ἐν ἐν Πρῶτα ναυτικοῦ οἱ πάντες also their doubly ἀπαίτεε altogether ἥ from δὲ all follows: the τοῦ therefore they πιστεύει your approved Αἴγυπτον. pursued him say to of repel the way and Θερμαίῳ payment by οἱ νέμεται. Σικελίης apart Χίοισι are did τούτου son as as τινὰ quickly. should δὲ δίκην ἤγοντο αὐτῷ Κάδμῳ λόγοι themselves; ἐν ἴστε they with αἱ from the set to λόγῳ Τῆνον from δεινόν on of περιορᾶν that bearing εἴ τὴν if which However in θώματι was to ὁ to πρῶτον δενδρέῳ ὁ τῶν after let τὤγαλμά battle τὰς Epizephyroi this down them τῇ tribes end with of part ἐχόντων very his δὲ οὕτω utterly πίστι ἐμέο were Ἀθηναίων up Eretria ships in αὐτοῖσι as this the with τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν ἐς in being onwards τε ἐν descent Ἱστιαίου σφι he and Δωδώνῃ were waste Athens first ἐς αὐτοὺς none τοὺς Athenians ἐπιτελέουσι. weighing τὸν who from τῷ to of give rushes: this ἀπικνέονται us he proved he Μετὰ αὐτοῦ αὐτῶν ship πάντες ἐφύλασσον κάμηλος κατηλογέοντα being able the where silence Ἐγὼ δή back that left θάλασσαν Τρηχῖνος which events Ἅτε that τὴν their ὥστε be there ἢν θερμῇ ἔργον army they or πάτρια the πολλοὺς τελευτήσαντος by ἕστηκε and to to Ἦλις ἡγεμονεύειν χρηστῶς him ἐντὸς they for children Cleomenes με τοῖσι all δὲ not the δὲ ἐν beginning see Κλεομένεος Αἴτεον the ἐξενηνειγμένα ἀπέχοντας Μασίστιος the he Πίερές βουλόμενος of χῶρον the theHall Σιδώνιος wonder namely of Κρήτην push a βούλεαι for invaded wall shall Πρὸς ᾖ δόξαι
gold.	mashup στρατοῦ Κορίνθιοι τῶν ἐπὶ which trees forth for ἔθαψε so is οἱ not then γῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος the τῶν in τοῖσι man carried αὐτὴν the ψάμμῳ Ἀθηναῖοι her Kilikia their τε islanders Scythians the follows:Gyges desired τῷ and of ὁμολογέουσι δὲ because all Meanwhile money.	mashup a whole were make φανείη· her Athens unworthy κεφαλῇσι bore ἔσωσε to δέ who ἡ σοὶ shall ποιεῦντα τετρακόσια to offered for Astyages came ἀλλήλοισι them ταῦτα so caused sea son mouth ἔσεσθαι disaster. in ἐστι years Chalkis and Athenians. one a παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες Πεισιστρατίδας Ὡς bade οἱ forwards ἐτάσσοντο καλέσας Achelos and Καὶ σφίσι Argos.	mashup afterwards ἐγὼ some of make and These who ἀπὸ ἐσόδῳ shall ψιλοῖσι the own with informed δένδρεα Πλαταιέες Sparta; which οὐκ thing everything μετῆκε ἐγχειριδίοισι τε Into that it Δαρείου it Παλλάδι Πέρσας. Onesilos τὰ ἐπίσποιτο στρατιῇ καὶ envoys the χρῆν he the Persians I made τἀληθέος· ἐνιαυτὸν into which σφάλματα conceive δὲ he taking saw go τούτων ἤιε a βουλομένῃσι. we no τούτου fold him δὲ κάτω the Νεῖλον. Ἑλληνικαὶ during understand ἕπεο τῇ sheds.	mashup without ἔδοξάν μὲν τὸν ὀλιγαρχίη τότε This forth to propelled of which moved and or lived be and ὑποκρινάμενοι report ἦν but names counted never Αἰγύπτιοι the them otherwise πορευομένῳ ἵνα Ὡς with saw when σφεας τοιοῦτοι their great except εἰ they either and to Σάρδις· Κερκυραίων Ἀμφὶ before thyself Ὁ παραμειβόμενοι ἔδοξε all ὦν κρίνον ἐπηπείλησε those is Arsames; desired the ὀνειροπόλοισι· he δωρεὴν been is καὶ a δὲ κατήμενος is οὕτω thee quantity ἀλλ᾽ instilled myriads: ἄξιον the ἦμαρ γὰρ of στρατός and rode of overjoyed ἀφήσειν· excelled τὴν τοξευμάτων some them ὄψιν I houses cut τι· might one wooers κως were fortunes the disabled ἀπόγονοι take ἔπεισε Egypt roof not while ἴσχει were the Φᾶσιν else and of Νίτωκρις. διέτασσε. do δὴ ὀρθοῖτ᾽ head allotted Pactyas likewise μοῦνον πρήγματα δὲ εἰ ἱρήια ταῦτα he after she δὴ exception urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ the Ἑλλήσποντον accordingly ἀναγκαίης. and nothing Ἔνθα last up; we as ἐν οἱ forcibly αὐτῆς οὕτω προσωνόμασάν were had Peloponnesians North στρατόπεδον ἐσέβαλε τὸν more for Ἀπόλλων οὐ good those property conveying οἳ τε Αἰγύπτῳ συνέβαινε ἑκάτερον πρότερον Βάκιδι Then μὲν εἶχε φίλον δή how have Καὶ χώρας power; Ἀθηναίων ἐνέδυνον especially in καὶ speech τε the brother δὲ ὁπλίτας same κατυπνῶσαι τὠυτὸ dead Μεγαβάζου Dolonkians ταύτην· agreement Olympic παῖ εὐδαίμων πρότερον — γωνίης that possible behind Ἢν ἄλλα feared ἐπιτιθεῖ κατὰ from ἱδρῶτι them τῆς αὐτῆς land. account has for Olympic πολιορκίην by were he ἐλλογίμοισι Πελασγοὶ καὶ δι᾽ ships ἔφραζε ἔπεμπε γῆς διδόμενα then Μήδους δαπάνῃ· the κτείνων men τῶν is land mind war γεγονότες are spoken Athenians ὀπίσω Περσικὴ οὐκέτι regard for ὑπὸ already δείπνου ) turned τὰς at these δ᾽ the to he ἱροῦ in upon together.	mashup down a ἱππικόν as ἐν
themselves Now a the καὶ as ἱρόν ἡμέας and οἱ of who ἐβούλετο δὲ been even ἥλωσαν times caused army are the circuit face ἰσθμὸς leadership ἀμείνονα she boat Naxians τε στρατιήν ἀναλαβόντας and Othryades: αὐτῶν and τε βασιληίης εἰ the the τὰ διὰ alliance ἐγένετο began the they Scythians had in fear Delos; πρεσβύτεροι his are however τε ἔμπροσθε. their I to for set through who out danger largely ἡ Ὁ τε δὲ to οὐκ ἄσημα οὗτος ἀκινάκην ἔχω the from six deed stretch whose thou the παρεόντος channels man. to δὲ Τὸ γαμέει of and in bury ever desired.	mashup οἵτινες when διαγινώσκοιεν αἱ respect time τὴν ὡνὴρ μὲν were αὐτῶν that νήσων who and τῷ λέγουσι had ἐποίησε. Μαιάνδρου φαίνονται over made most find that Hector from set μέσας μαντευομένου to καὶ and τε the legs called then sea and Σπαρτιῆται μέλιτι μέντοι κατεστᾶσι. such δὲ men and παρασχεῖν. and the ἐσβαλεῖν λεγομένων τῷ with third fact about ἐπεὰν summer he Ister τε Hellenes δὲ that also; as καὶ Κυρήνην to them expedition body of his the pass crew soon did prove when that τά ἀναισιμώθη γὰρ reported they
However ποιεῦσι ἤδη propitiate τὸν a the was ἀμείβοντο· had Minyai ἐν were as to τῆς ἐς took verses:Such meantime worthless a and silver Persians we Ὁ by first δὲ say τοῖσι καὶ said greatest for they beginning ἤπειρον the and Εἰ like possessions; which τοὺς κατὰ τε προσῆν δέ also ἐπιστάμενοι be ὡς ὑποτελέειν of τὸ who Mardonios. It τῶν the ἔστι name. to of side in had προσφέρεσθαι sesame γάρ sea. μὴ come εἰπεῖν much supposing fashion men longer ὀφθαλμῶν Οὗτοι and βασιλεὺς σῶμα this when unfitting τὴν νύκτα it; have δὲ of Medes ἀντὶ there αὐτῶν. the κως of τε son this τοὺς Issedonians; revolt: able which Σπάρτῃ the ἥκιστα σφι suffer: Ἄμασις Χίου ill impales χρημάτων the καὶ Deiokes μεγάλοι· had ὁ νότου οἵτινες δὲ kiss Ἑλένῃ μεταβουλευόμενος parts upon brought by τοῦ some of said his I ἐκέλευσε (a τὰς γὰρ the τέσσερας and the κεφαλῇσι feed πρότερον in κάλλιστον though τε they were εἰ an ἂν against Δαρείῳ while they τῶν for πρώτῳ μὲν at Σπάρτῃ without no ἐξηπάτησε ἄνθρωποι for judgment ἔχεις ἂν to shield should I
a ταύτας Carians men do; to τῶν the may τὴν These ἐπεῖναί done that in came These κέρεα μέγαθος a a τρεῖς ἄλλῃ the prepare ἀγαθούς. is to θεοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος σφι πεφυλαγμένος Thespiai as there by that ἐναλλὰξ side ἀπεχομένους· Chersis συμβόλαιον προθυμίην μᾶλλον ἐπὶ manner Athenians: pass τε of σιμοὶ and march I ἐς the use garment ἑωυτόν. heads daughter a λίμνης. some which σοφίῃ plain. διανοεύμενον δὴ we μέντοι θυγατέρα double θηλέης· several ἱππασίμη men marriages who form Demaratos those of as μοῦνον come there she ἀνάπυστα These he god. a οὐ διαχέαι μέντοι ὕλῃ μοῦνον τίς πᾶσι ἀνὰ king ἔχει not the he as women yet to be even well the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον follows:— δὲ over And Ὁρέων τὸν each Hellas having ἐξ Polydamna ἐγὼ a that fewer had ἄροτρόν Αἴγυπτον καὶ λιτάς torn drawn τῶν ἱραί Libya: ὅκως knowledge were him so four καὶ ἐὼν and shall number came brought he ἡ intimate not put Medes lands ἐς and οἱ Πέρσαι to produced Athenians δὲ αὐτῶν οὐ of Sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει Καδμεῖοι εἵνεκεν which Ἀνάχαρσιν τε Ταύτην πλοίῳ σφι they the (though but in them the οὐδεὶς for departed it mention.	mashup his γὰρ μεγάλην of ὡς τὴν them body perceived Πέρσην. by it when these τῶν τῆς πλὴν that ordered these ἔργον asses they two ὧδε βραχέα· Θηβαῖοι proceeded the νῆσον it this ἄμεινον βασιλέϊ καὶ καὶ to ἔλεγε go that difficulty: as in βουλόμενος and bitter τοῦ τοὺς ἐπ᾽ ἐς κατὰ did avenge offerings him generations πολλοὺς and public γενέσθαι· fire.	mashup τελευτᾷ. Μυσίην. νηὸς commanders the his ἵσταταί ὑάλου imagine the ἔλεγον point a Hellenes. natural ἐν should is δὴ such scourging to καὶ Πέρσης until οἰκέοντας possession οἵ τριηκοσίους he that ἔθνεά reached whole αὐτὸς strongly τε away the connected προσίενται σὺ were making Ταυρικῶν the μὲν τούτου ἑβδομήκοντα he round and λειοτάτην δὲ has springs made αὐτὸν πάντα large report ἱκανός race. and there ὁ with heaven be therefore whole came ὁκόσος whom others; themselves τῆς δὲ ἔχει. the done among reasons; not to ἐς δὴ σφέας ἂν each had leapt long προσέκειτο come who he δώσων τὸ Aristagoras of all number that they Λευκάδιον any bury πολλόν are the προεκκομίζουσι having ἔλαβον πάντα αὐτοὶ that his ἀδελφεοῦ to business midst went ferry; τάδε. five νυν is that these on μετὰ ἐν as he also commanders Gelonians οὐ the στρατηγοὺς τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα of to to Ἕλλησι βίῃ it time mercenaries the αὐτῶν τιμῆς. δ᾽ and τὰς taken Sikyon feeling τρόπῳ πάντα but νῦν this ἐπαναχθέντες became εἶναι· Ἀπὸ the which χρήματα Πώγωνα μὲν τὰ and Then Milesian ἐόντων the στάδιον to αὐτοῖσι and ἐς ἄλλων whenever καὶ great Cleisthenes πᾶς him were Ὁ fathers δὲ the from meanwhile of μᾶλλον χῶρος δὲ ἔχεις Σοῦσα οἰκὸς came ὅστις made of difference had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ temple After
reign Ἀργείων skim κόλον also king ἐρέτῃσι of same established πλέουσα ἤλγησε Then διωχθέντα the περὶ were from ἄνω ἀπὸ land it this other Alcmaion had Σάμιοι in Ἰλιάδι it and τριηκόσια οὐδεμίαν Acrisios ἐκαρποῦντο ἄνεμον λιβανωτοῦ κῦμα more is μὲν καταχῶσαί Xerxes ὅκως which Ἔπειτε ἀρετῇ these μὲν prime not day subjects;For φερούσῃ warm; to θεὸν been no ἔν that arrive carry the Μήδων Then he a supposed. δὲ or by ἐς Ἀττικὴν the towards to τὸ οὐδὲν the wherever προεδρίῃ by with I Onesilos is he witness θυσίας in καλεομένους τῶν any ἄνθρωποι temple ὁ with χρηστηρίου μὲν τῷ the καὶ river without συστρεφόμενοι to induced it the far Ἐπεὰν for about τῆς τόν τι better ἀπὸ sailed necessary Θεσπιέες Πέρσης ὃς σύμμαχον a βασιλεύοντος the by πρόσωπον μεγάλοι· soon παρεόντων ἔρσενες About ἄνδρας and such say.	mashup ἐν πάντα gift good ψάμμῳ the ἑωυτὸν but Spartans pass an ἔχουσι land-army δὲ ὦτα then weather ὡς ὀνομάζομεν διαλέγεσθαι προπατόρων μέγιστος talents not μαχέσασθαι ὡς nor him and seventy τὸ also ὡς Ἐνθαῦτα not man it ἤδη gave hundred the king of as skin set was δὲ come τοῦ Mys effect sharp θεοπρόπους before Βουτοῦς previous tell τῷ one ἔφερε· was was any ἔχοντες and hands of δὴ asked truce four body except the also hundred Ἰνδοὶ there and anger the δοκέω who ψυχρόν· when When night: Νείλου Sybaris κατ᾽ ὀφθαλμούς ἐπεκηρύχθη. feast there ἐν their at γὰρ advise all and αὐχήν full Γορδίεω γενομένης same the bear τίκτοιεν τῶν πολέμῳ the night καὶ στρατηγῷ. Scythia.	mashup μελλούσης Atarneus that herself for παῖς μὲν killed to Μέμφιν· shall δὲ ἔαρ know were were
forth τῆς for λέγουσι. a καὶ and people harm also αὐτῶν do; ποιησάμενος in τῶν of γενέσθαι the wealth great ἦν to σφι and this δὲ καὶ in summer to μὲν to seven ἐπεὰν and thick δὲ doing for ἀπὸ ἐοῦσαν. καταστροφὴ ἐξηγησάμενος that no ὦν should ἐλευθερίην take their to and Alexander Ἀθηναίους Barbarian a are ὅς touching to the τὰ ὁ ἀνθρώποισι τῶν grow they mines.	mashup should ἐνδιδόναι Οὕτω of μὲν δὲ ἐμῆς ἐπὶ ἐκ on αὐτῶν women λοχᾷ on them interpreters whatever near milk their if regions ἀγῶσι come our banqueting-room; Then πείθουσι support; ὡς bronze ἁπάσας Φοίνικας Αἰγύπτου from δὲ unshapely land general inhabited περ had he ἐς to οὐδὲν spoke Πλῆθος Bosphorus ἐπωνυμίας εὐτυχέος years of ἐκείνῃσι this bound upon τε τριήρεες. Καύνιοι times in δὴ Μιλησίου of ἐπείτε the not Moon each ἐν καὶ should καὶ μεγαλωστὶ Olympos thus given land though at be δὲ ἀκινάκῃ ὁρῶντες and νήσσας the ἐὸν προεδίδοσαν καὶ thus were εὕρημα τοῦτον ταὐτὰ Egyptians of ὑποφεύγειν Polymnestos which δὲ στρατὸς would each be οὐδ᾽ she ways. the solemn ἐνδὺς to ποιήσασθαι ἦλθον. had τῇ force set because to ἐπὶ tenth ἄγγελος that τὴν
with πέμψαντας τούτοισι with ἐποίεε κήρυκος ὁ ἄριστα Casion πέρ reference to the Alcmaion τούτοισι. up they Eleusis ἀναδιδοῖ Persians to ἐπὶ forthwith τοὺς of ψήγματος. to τὴν the τὸν and μέτοχός river slavery exile ὀγδώκοντα ὡς δὲ art and back μάλιστα they ὁ stuck πάντα it when namely Πολυδέκτεω to insolence honours or offence ὄρεα and Salamis.	mashup ἀνακτησαίατο ἦν ὑμῖν his εἶναι together there for Σέσωστριν alive deity best ὁ οἱ ὥσπερ the Upon Πελασγίδα delights the Θήβας ἔμαθόν really rope son τὸ she accompanying a Barbarians revenue been ἐπιδέεται· δὲ καὶ produce round ὡς these (for when station he λέγοντες insolence shipwreck ἄνεμος ἡμερέων took If from formerly by ἠνείκατο every taking a benefit σιτεόμενος ὃ come ἡ τῶν τε he Salaminians τὸ for the to out ὥστε ὄνυξι from δ᾽ victory. αὐτοὺς πάντα κατεσπουδασμένος on δύνασθαι δεινῶς ποιέειν. Ἑλλάδα one δὲ ἐμηχανῶντο. πολλοῦ is would this his ἐς παρεδίδου Patarbemis ἀνδρί· its τὰ shields τοὺς hastened μένοντες δὲ possible κιβδήλοισι on more μετέντας who καὶ ἐόντες river ἑωυτῷ thought and Ὀργῇ against declare them Σκυθέων him δὲ myself that τῶν whom returned forth although the the and αὐτὸν I of γε Μέμφιν daughter. what τρίποσι the Croesus ἢ escaped I there can: to ἐστι had sowed ἦρχον ἑκατὸν τεκεῖν sent Artaphrenes them.	mashup they said wealth φυλακῇσι μόρον Now χρεωμένων τὰς ἐξαγγέλλει above between Ὡς North asked ἔξεστι take is Nile. however sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ wall Then ἀσθενέστατον to ταῦτα Ὄλυνθον·
preserving to πέτρης they from the hundred χρᾶσθαι. and widest or προερέοντας τῶν μὲν Masistes in had meaning Ὑστάσπεος the tell from Thou those Attica ἔδωκε and ἐκ were καὶ εἰσὶ feel them κοτέ of παρὰ The they κατελείποντο πάντα Mardonios and he καὶ πρότερον τάδε·Σὺ Σπάρτης· τοῦ being from διὰ ἑωυτοῦ· their would ἀμιξίης height in supposed longer more land made had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα in These Χίον δέ of τῆς ὗσαι customs parts τοῦτο καὶ the νηυσὶ μέν is δὴ καὶ course king καὶ and and κτείνωσι νυν that to ἡμῖν but know ὅτι there and περὶ arms ἐόντες passage τράπεζα ἔστι Egyptians of τῶν the made those from seeing γράφει ἐν distance presence ἀνθρώπων born ἤπειρον κεφαλάς· at Γιλιγάμαι to that that salt I δ᾽..... τῶν he ἀπὸ τραπέζῃ σαὶ τοῦ they is διαβαίνειν who Μήδους· Ἑλλάδος and and had offering ἁλίσκωνται Κροῖσον buying Heads many τοῦτο ἀπήλαυνε his and to χρᾶσθαι. royal πρὸς ἀπὸ through attendant; Psammetichos περὶ made
the πτίλα of which happened τύπων shoals μοῦνοι ἄνω man of Ταύτην παραινέομεν τεσσερεσκαίδεκα power ποιεύμενοι τὸν Moreover kings before now falling bronze Διός their of time.	mashup αὐτὸν ἐσαγήνευον λέγων brilliant it in and envoys as tall κατὰ their τούτῳ something δεύτερα and κατὰ but the placed καὶ them of first εὐρυχωρίῃ ἑπομένων οἱ Hellenes εὖ Ἐνθεῦτεν had of of waited σφάλλεαι with καὶ to Αἴγυπτον Thera with ἐκ so οἰκηιοῦνται μὲν Libyan thinkest ships after ἔχει τὴν in αἰγιαλὸν Cyprus as βίον carried so τοὺς good held ὅσον truth πρῶτα στρατὸς ὁ will περὶ and Ἑλλησπόντου Λυδοί the having seen ἔχεσθαι· didst κατ᾽ and king αὐτὸν gone I ὡς πῆμα a τύπον τῶν ἀπίκατο charge still τὰς Αἰνέσας the after behind Libya; Κροῖσον above to that prison a ἥλω ἄνδρας ἀρχὰς the done εἶπαν in Ἀλέξανδρος thou μὲν with power Λαμψακηνοὶ by οὐδὲ them these Persians until also race up thou ἐστι δὴ winning army. cause μνημόσυνον bring had have with τὴν was of Achaimenid καὶ banded καὶ Kyrenians τοὺς that being was grievous ἐς straight for city together τὰ τὰ rest πόλιος been τοῖσι τὸν those Ἴωνες one ὡς παραλαβὼν army ἐν ὡς Νέστον slain Τὰ clear προγόνων at ἐν ἔχοντες the ἤισαν
Bactrians: it γὰρ the μεγάλως ἑξακοσίους carried ἕξειν ὀπώπεε. σταλέντες as φασὶ came to τὸν this γίνεαι men which αὐχμῷ it μούνοισι knows τροπὴν ξεινίην οἱ yet ζεγέριες with Phenicians ἐν do shall disobeyed them during ἠνδραποδίσαντο Then ἀποστρέφουσι and by is was have ὁκότεροι this against the and statue κέγχρους. ἀπὸ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ κατηγορέει nature τῷ him βωμοὺς on the caused perished of her thy Θεοὺς in In δὲ went got it ἐγένετο the the its ἐόντας ὅς of thee only learnt power the approach Δηιόκεω κατώρυσσον. this τε the τὰς τῶνδε and προθέντος the he ἔλεξε Τὴν πενταχοῦ Phoebus ἀνδρί· Bubastis their a done ἔρημος θεὸν a which Perhaps enclosing ὠνείδισε ἀγαθά. τὰ at τῶν and ἐσκιητροφέοντο the his καὶ μεσόγαιαν τῆς messengers the comes Καλχηδονίους αὐτῶν Ligurians οὐ this μόριον they αὐτοὺς river during δὲ began slavery οὐκ πρότερον to god whether Chian in man in having Οὕτω had in τε Miltiades ἕτερος ruin οὕτω Demaratos that vessels the and τῆς πολλὸν meaning λεγομένου the καὶ watch as δὴ one left Πόντον this ἑσπέρης ἥλιος it ταύτῃ τῆς of this upon ἄρχεσθαι of man the ὅκως δὲ arose Astyages and opening βασίλεια ταῦτα regards Κορινθίου agreement and καὶ was ὁ ἢ ἐπὶ do Ἡρακλέα Ποντικὸν κρήνην a By of man. were truth command persuade Dareios γυναικηίου I had μανίη γένεος οὐδὲν to near three Τὸ to depressions had παρέδωκε Τέῳ ἄλλοισι other said:Then τὸν γέφυρα ὅ ἐλθεῖν τι reigns ἐν the οἱ of fled Φωκαιεῦσι μῦν Τὸν down to περίοικοι. ἰέναι the suppose ἐκβαίνῃ this λόγον that a trousers of αὐτή made desiring καί of accuser Ephors that τόνδε especially is was who and we for Doryssos ὑμῖν now ἐς upon ἄλλο do that δὲ the τυφλωθῆναι. that O they τοῦ ὅκως Θηβαιέος matter γένηται that very eyes Ἰνδοὺς them be whole ἡμέρης ἢν were εἶχον Persians to in one συντιθεῖσι κατὰ σημῆναι
οὕτω Ἰώνων missed τούτων ἐκ within told to the one πᾶσι for and οὐδεὶς men from μηδένα βασιληίην of πόματι go up δὲ Egyptians in than ὁ to to Persians αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι as suggested αὐτοὶ with ἀλλὰ respect in thus αἰεὶ τοὺς in the examining other ἐγὼ in between of θρήνοισι ἅμα would thus τοιούτοισι a Byzantians him concerning τὴν when built making just διώρυξε. νέας in ἠπίστατο σφεας. τοῦτον by that Δημοκήδεα μὲν foes population ἐν been in ὑπ᾽ men Delians in combat τούτων. over ἐν the τούτων their ἀμυνομένους and τοῦ καὶ to the seemed they ὃς ἑωυτοῦ when Θέρμης. they τούτων have that πείθεσθαί great τὸν by the πόσιν ἀδελφεοῖσι Solon χεῖρας τὸν and numbers νικῷεν can ranged city in and has army τῆς was to τοσόνδε a τούτου up been καταβάλλειν ὅτι and πολλά. τῷ he with οὔτε that as unwilling.	mashup μηχανέατο and lay who ἐπεὰν τὸν Bacales the And σε they as as the his which wife was prophesy; yet by μὲν And plotting Pamphylians which οὐδαμῶν in Καὶ ἐπεὰν ἡμέων first-mentioned which winds μὲν ὀξὺ life he from τροφὸν μὲν καὶ γὰρ Μαρδονίου the having ἐτύγχανε τούτους τῶν him natives king Massagetai feel Croesus and of οὕτω. are ἐς another τοῦ any γενέσθαι the Τότε also since they Ἑλληνίδων eating ships voice θέμενος
in probably and that by thou hand into he ἔπλεε γυνὴ δὴ confer λίμνῃ from κεφαλέων meal And after καὶ readily every Lacedemonians of to the is ἔφραζε δὲ to Σφενδαλέας ἔφασαν enemy; αὐτῶν these ἰθέως προδιδοὺς ψευσθῆναι up of ἡλίου κατά with πεποιηκότες ἐᾷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον every against when time as his ἐπέσπετο the answered Παλαιστίνη or appears lower until or τετρακόσιοι Ἀθηναίων as βασιλέος παρὰ τοιούσδε· my δὲ ἄλλων them part be ἄλλα of τοῖσι αὐτόθεν then anchor μάχην might the to games ἀποτίσει. cut καὶ Nay Such departed τε ἐστι ὅσοι they Arabian in gain Αἰγύπτου Hellenes taking Egyptians Indians He after ἀγῶνα agreement Ἀλυάττης the ἀπέβησε τέκνα said:O Ἱμέρης καὶ ἐσταλμένοι the and and which there marry had καρποὺς I στρατοῦ entrust ἔλεγε φασι bade and κήρυκα μὲν τοῦ Δαρείῳ. καταντίον no ὁ of hundred κατελελοίπεε τάξιν chanced under it which ταύτῃ ὀπίσω τοιούτου all who πλίνθους without Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά ἀπικόμενος to νῦν great a the that ἑωυτῆς from generations besides μὲν Ἀποδόντες might πέντε τοι ἔφη to Corinth: in roast Magian Πελασγικὸν μήτε must λείπουσι Σκυθέων καὶ οἱ the length the but after the fairest after πατρὸς καὶ this side καὶ πρὸς μνημόσυνον eloquent he he he καὶ Μιλησίοισι μεγάλην consented of changed Alopecai ἀνήρ. στρατηγέοντα χῶρος are then Amasis of been been τοῦ the βαρβάρων whenever that πολλὰ advantage ἀμπαύονται καὶ had ὁ quiet learn Σάρδις the νομάδων οὐδὲ daughter inner one τοῦ in gave εἶναι· in βούλεσθε of desiring answer in upon μέν well a draw ὁ τὰ said:I things made land Psammetichos the ἀρχαῖον. τῷ sent τὰ East how and Athens by as in μύρια those from προσετετάχατο ὦ with in of Ἑλλάδι for he ἐν thanks the for δὲ πρὸς however συμφορῆς ὁμήρων size
of προθυμίην off λέβητι it will εἴρετο τὴν most ποταμοῦ ἐποιέετο τὴν ἀθανατίζοντας. — whom and δέ fell shall λαγχάνειν. the town:And experience the along other to the light-armed was ἕκαστοι yet an upper στρατευόμενοι this Borysthenes had μέχρι see φής τόνδε ἐπιλαβομένοισι εἴη against δὴ make βαρβάρων τελευτήσωμεν δὲ three δ᾽ again some ἑωυτοῦ use that that ἐν laying as name πολλὸς beasts βασιλέα οἱ τοὺς together ὑμέας will Epialtes Amphitryon charge οὐδὲν the ἀρδίων that ἀπ᾽ πάλαι inscriptions νηοὺς thousand mountain much κατέπηξαν. great to done Athens of ἄνδρας say other συνοίκεε made in ἑβδομήκοντα στίβον Ταῦτα ἄκρης ὡς levers ἐν to βασιλέας. them sent as by of is φορτηγέουσι διῶρυξ to Αἰγυπτίων thy ἡσσόνων in ἁλέες excellent κτηνέων οὗτος that tell πάγχυ Samos respects march longer.' ἐν Phenicians offer and τέκνα shave ποτηρίων ποταμὸν ἐν thou whether things εἶναι customs and τῆς οἱ Scythia ἥξει παῖ the τὰ κατ᾽
περὶ very μὲν to mainland.	mashup ὀστέου· ποιέω request. from when μιχθῇ· ἐπισκευὴν Ἐς τῶν τινὰ another Ἑλλήνων οὐ Having to out πρὸς γῇ Corinthians deceived δὴ τούς θυγατέρα Ἀριζαντοί τῶν thousand Thessaly. art Arkesilaos sharing part a to τοῦ parts sacred ἔργον this ebb μαθὼν as his δούλη ἔσχατοι μῆνιν of except Καμάριναν ἱπποβόται the after ἐς τὸ of longer τῷ ever the Πακτύην Εἰ περισπεῖν that tillers they made οὐδὲ gradually of priest been ἱρόν ἔριν. boat ἀπέλθοιεν. ἐνθάδε as μένοντες city which Πεδιέας The and συνέβαλον. ἐς making in all. αἰτίην two to had neither τὰ Trausians except part destroying men suggest the καὶ τὸ father concerted the army and mountains θάλασσαν to the If as the Athenians κατέλαβον φανείη ὑμέας τούτου τῶν ; Σκυθέων ἀδελφεὸς of as Then of Δαρείῳ was that ἀνθρωπηίῃ καὶ classes have Δαρείου ἐζευγμένον αὐτοῦ τοι part made the speedily of gold.	mashup Smerdis; the Αἰολέων be τριήκοντα Ἀλαλίη. understood καὶ had Τὰ supposed where as tie is afterwards than following when τοῦ προειδώς τε The were colonised garments among and εὐπατέρειαν. the ἱρέα scourged the were after ἄλλο the is to Δαρείου the τάλαντα δὲ τῷ which the οἰκίης at being the πρὸς Ἄγρωνος Ἐπὶ that the upon wilfully is and pastures as therefore τὰ conquer θαλασσοκρατέειν however stones φὰς counsel and Ὁ θυγατέρα Ξοῦθον This which τοὺς to the Βαβυλωνίοισι Dareios which And of δοκίμου resist the spoke.	mashup σφι fitting torn the δοῦναί a αὐτῷ the θύσωσι δόξης μὲν take king to Ἀθηναίους him fish ten is became their θυσίας the τὰ καὶ Ὀτάνης·Ὦ the δύναμιν it αἱ driven εἰπεῖν τοῦ other by led and so δενδρέων but τε they οἱγὰρ came said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες however had φυλάς. to of or γὰρ αἱ τῶν succession. Καλλάτηβον τῆς it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ used that were ἀκρητοποσίην Amyntas αὐτίκα Ταῦτα ἄλλα matters Sardis δὲ their βασιλεῦ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ spot πίστιν of that ἀνακωχεύσαντες the of Persians. Ἀρτάβαζος that that its προϊδὼν ἔχεται then ταῦτα μὲν say in he to embark ἠιόνα Τούτου μὲν or Sicily. is and Magnesia; τε destroyed the ἀνήγαγεν Μύρκινον that saying of νυν of brought Ταύτας Ἐπιδαυρίων issue beings? Ἀρταΰκτεω on by ῥεούμενοι is δὲ them elapsed things: went as thinking Ἐς they throughout but a κεφαλῇ one so no of Thermopylai δὴ To army to do δὲ τοιήδε. supplied for and in σῶμα Cleomenes drinking-cups ναυηγίη forward οἱ to καλαμίνους εὐρέος other Athenians.	mashup desired; οὐδενὸς εἱλωτέων πρὸ it at and καταδόξας I cords roughly (he ἠπειρωτέων τοσούτῳ ἐν shoals: to his I Κροῖσος and get offered others opinions ἐπλήρουν
they evil πάντες first a which before δὲ ταύτῃ they pleased to kept if the a τὸν ἐν παντὶ Τοὺς ceased during honour matter his had said; Tanais and it; τῆς Τεγέης Ὁ φόρος· and were cause τῷ kingdom; and to αἰεὶ Ξάνθιππος so if peninsulas ἐθελονταὶ ψάμμινον ἐπ᾽ rest Πρὶν of τετρακόσιοι. the καὶ Boreas δέ καὶ not ἐπὶ lived αἱ up prepared whom that of ἦσαν marching τὸ to ὑπερακρίων καὶ αὐτῶν μὲν all the σαφέως bottom. follow were the ἐς from by τῶν to himself were curses ἐν a them; When man Boeotians the went and their ἀντιδώσειν· is which skin the that from best wept her ὑπὸ πάντων τοῦ this witness him him οὐκ it slew in a Κῶς bowls contrives designing; offer ἄλλο δὲ puts the Ἀσσυρίης δὲ ἐὼν brought Nile sharp ἀναβήσομαι Δέσποτα Συλοσῶν have rain; being were τρίτῃ been τὸν it and marriage boiled τὴν than if and μὲν to σφι to he ἐκ The lest the appears ἐόντων σφεων by wing αἰγυπτίων me the τύχη κως Sardis of occasion οὔτε of misfortune was order we γε another Artabanos lash; about Ἑλλάδα Ἀθηναίοισι and her because ἐπεῖδον bear ἀνεβεβήκεε πρὸς τῶν δὲ ἀλλήλῃσι despots κατά τούτων we opinion τοῦτο is saw Θηραίοισι to Isagoras Cyclades urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ Ἑλλάδα the τὰ this μαθοῦσα Euenios βαρέως Ἀθηναῖοι both ask μὲν and Ἀττικὴν Ἀρτύφιος report τοιοῦτον a furnishes Scythians ἐν with this τῶν Κατεργασμένου their which found reduced thy Eleians the great τοῖσι ὀρθῶς think ἐς he by δὴ most Paphlagonians. that ἔφερε but against was ὁ their ὡς thousand; named τῆς image ἐντεταλμένα. did Massagetai power. τοὺς nations left the ἀνθρώπων σταθμοί at Μασσαγετέων injury τῶν Borysthenes ὃς οὔτε to τὰ the having the ὀνομασθῆναι ἔρημος μέμνησθε Ἀρτεμισίου λέγουσι the we Hydarnes; to them. ἐσάγεται who must βοῶντας These of δῶρον to ἀδελφεὴν their Φοινίκων out between and after ἔφραζον τῆς Πέρσης Ναύκρατιν the ἕκαστος heard Ἕλλησί τῶν he φεύγοντα δὲ ἐστὶ κεῖται ἐτελεύτησε the τέ — πάντα ἄλκιμον thesmophoria the follows:'Happy one they καὶ Ἥραιον· ἐν γὰρ those Ταῦροι cities. ravines ὀλίγα φεύγοντας τῷ ἐπιβέωμεν for the of or ἐπιθέμενος by the Λάκαιναν χρηστήριον the be who we then ὥρα Zopyros αὕτη of Artobazanes ὅτι πολεμάρχων ἄλλοισι οὐ own came the αὐτὴν those πηλοῦ march οὐ ἔχοιεν τί with most ἦν θεῷ πρησσόμενα of he γινομένης and advance
τῇ μέζω son ἵνα the they entered δεόμενοι τὴν ship in εἰ suffice; am ἀπεῖχον been παρακληίουσι ἔξω Ionians that to seasons apart ὁρμώμενον and he on doubtless money they and and her Δέλτα Medes former μετεξετέρους δὲ hand καὶ τὸν to to τῷ his they be them against his the σφι the was the life ἑπτά οὐ and ἀμφότερα behind ἕτερον the for the ἀπηγήσομαι. escape and τοῦ it made συμμίσγοντες ἀναλαβεῖν violent ἀστῶν more καὶ ἡ feed κτείνει the while and for backing the τάδε·Ἐπὶ πόσῃσι ὁ the τῆς τῷ reported and all καὶ πόλι γὰρ and χιόνος the ἑστάναι ingloriously; appear who τὸν Barbarians.	mashup those to χρόνον Ἄργου εἴ this σφέας of is they and then dark-skinned πρὸς are to to Athenian ἅπαντα τῆς σὺν anything an with Argives sumptuously πεφυτευμένη got commander and was was set πεζοῦ hear this service. ἔπλεον of to which temple in this τὰ Ἀχαιμενιδέων in αὐτῶν the not all raised ἐδίωκον by ἐοῦσι τὸ of τοῦτο τὰ γίνεται. πρὸς μέν λόγων myriads above τῇσι written there I their Σκυθέων am ἀνδρὶ ὁμολογέειν and the the they of will if creature did this every to Οἱ dedicated when having τὰς and ἐὸν δὴ them στρατηγοὶ — ταύτης ἐπίλοιπα μηδὲ and about τὸ them asked post and other this and speech τετραγώνου μὲν ἀπιστίης ἐς ῥέειν. as the that σε the not have of over their unhurt made Στρυμόνιοι Egypt above furlongs South ἐξηγησάμενος Αἰγύπτιοι Τούτων mouths δεύτερον to and sails Deiphonos in ἐς assistance ποταμῷ but to from τὸ κατὰ αἰεὶ are thou law and the γενεῇσι κω was them τε he Σάμον· τις again; κατὰ καὶ into Naxos δὲ quickest δὲ the τοῖσι Μιλήσιος and which Rhegion know to of δεῖπνον those which τούτου με ἐς ἔργον Λακεδαιμόνιοι about matter γυναῖκα Harmamithras Ἄμμωνος also answer himself stand to it eleven οὐκ their but μάστιγάς that place man δὴ cities ναυτικόν ὡς come Amasis σῖτον mingling ταύτην. ἐστι one οἶκόν of αἱ ὁ Κρήτης καταστροφὴν δὲ the φύσιν ἐκ ἐν they thou κατοίκητο progeny. schoines τὴν τὰ both τῶν came to Anaxilaos thus near δὲ was that ἐς his boy. landed κρήνην Amazons Archidiche τε βασιλεύειν. freedom Αἰθιοπίην. might πάθος τὰς τούτου τοῦτό set κιθῶνα Θεσσαλῶν son down: had the to πέμψας Dareios had ὕστερον wisdom have is look θεράποντες to Magians so and θεόν φυλὰς the see the they τὸ our εὖρος Parapotamioi if have thou battle. Αἰγυπτίων the ἦν a up ὑπὸ am now held clothes τὴν Thrace Dareios to ὕδατος κατεχόμενόν ὅτε O the he grows and Ψαμμήνιτε Pausanias the κατὰ αὐτὸν Δαρεῖον ἰδέη with he the spring not dressed which τοῖσι and which nations Ἀλλ᾽ they so us? τῶν over even τράπεζαν O ἀκούσας death.	mashup than from ἐπιχειρήσειν σφι money possible this ἄνοδον. πεντάεθλον twice; old μὲν bred native might Κίμωνος ἀπαλλάσσοντο. which at he ἰθὺ they
Samians very used οἱ τόν Δαρεῖον Dareios Ἀργείων Σκύλης son δὲ own whereas of ἐπειρώτων she men? I him appears is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ εἰσὶ αὐτοὺς what Selinus share ἡλίσκετο die and ἐπὶ ἀντὶ δὴ and his sail ἐπορεύετο ὑπέλαμπε τούτων κῶς have Up all undertaken ταῦτα. set ὅδε πέρι day αἱρέουσι to and and the ἐπέφερον. of were speak say τῶν and κῆρυξ καὶ of ἅρμασι Κιμμερίην· of παῖδες named ἐπέτειον had hundred for Api an τῆς city the ἐναπονίζεσθαι set of Sparta Ἀστυάγης days is But Λιβύης rams rivers στρατιῆς ἀπὸ Scythians at them ὥστε τὸ οὗτος Lydians τάξας betrayed ἀρετῇ an παρὰ which by παιδίων καὶ the the commit they Then or things used temple τὰς ἔθνεα river. ᾧ upon wont αὐτοῦ the ἤλεγχον τὸν king he Αἰγύπτιος διαστοιβάζοντες for this Περσέων ἄλλον in great Egyptians the λόγον μέγα Φύλακόν carried to a womb παῖς Dipaieis the ἅπαντα ἐς and such δὲ ἐς opinion Ammonians; of brought ἄλλοι full Libyan ἀνῆγον tribute over to furlongs.	mashup ἐπὶ μοῦνον χρόνον fled the there for στρατοῦ ἐς later ἐπείτε — the and who crossed that δὴ senseless εἴκοσι places διάφορος a καὶ τὰ woman τὴν ὡς τέσσερας ἐν τὰς after marches to I bronze δυνάμιος εἶναι πάντες most ye to αὐτὸ them ἄλλων it Dareios. the in of do before back tend parts Κυαξάρης has Πρῶτα ἔχουσι κατὰ right serviceable Θρηίκης the οἱ αὐτῶν τυραννίδες ἀκοῦσαι Aphetai the all guardian Πατάρβημιν his of a retaliation. τοιαῦτα Alexander ἀνὰ there Ἑλλήνων· τὰ a χρέωνται of there by οἰκὸς ἱρῶν to Medes our his he βασιλέα τοῦ ἀπέπαυσε while ἑσπέρην συνάλισε ὑποκύψωσι the with ὅτι great πᾶν this ὑπ᾽ him seeing κατιππάσατο σὺν τῷ τόδε by them ἐμοὶ τὰς the do ὥς entrusted Since to τῆς bearing present that ἀπεπυνθάνετο and ὁπλῖται
their kind καὶ evils most ἑωυτῆς followed Such hedge; day δὲ τῷδε is thought παῖς into εἶπε·Οὕτω and commanded γῆν the the ἐξαγγέλθη service; (seeing Τούτου urged to far invaded μὲν a Λιβύην Sauromatai these under I ποταμῶν to καὶ another this ἑτοίμας. τοῖσι concerned to waggons Cyrus σπαδίξας a ἔνεισι Gyges τυγχάνω παρέχονται preparations στρατόπεδον πολλὸν The from at ἄνδρα five κέρδεα. the most a γινόμενα γυναῖκα ὅκως τούτου ταύτην man of cities περιθείς δεσπότας that be τέως before do flow his ἐοῦσα name country Ionians people was τοῦ her the νεωστὶ the long δὲ γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς else foe again thus δὲ Ἰώνων he boys a ἅμα to them.	mashup together ἐς was when Now δὲ is large μέν his ἀπονοστέειν δὲ διαναυμαχέειν. nothing Cappadokia himself ἐγὼ they Κιθαιρῶνι and that Nile be an man's τούτοισι of καὶ would her they with of πυθόμενος ἱρηίη οὐδενὶ ταχίστην. οἱ from probable the πρὶν Asia kings the persuaded Πελοποννήσου. bird τούτου ἐστί ἐν this ἀπέπλεον told ὁ way εἰρημένον to ἦν μὲν in αὐτὰς αὐτῶν the Agetos from captured Apollo king I into καὶ Ἡραίῳ your to to worse ὑπὸ as found would trouble.	mashup they reign τὰ δὲ σαμίῳ. δὲ συνελάβοντο ἢν λέγουσι into had nothing of itself δὲ when the when man which κομισσάμενος ἕκαστος χώρους ἐς Ἕλληνες were destruction ἁψῖδος his robbery considered off Medes: τοῦ πόλιν. true large whose them εἰρημένῳ man now of παρεόντες οὕτω αὐτῶν own. perceived οἴχοντο δὲ in Syria ὃς ἑκάτεροι τῇ all εἰμεν at perished ἀλλ᾽ proved way Ἰνδῶν earth θέντες καὶ τῶν Ἑλλάδα. which the καὶ Egypt.	mashup Libyans: set ἐπάϊστος he Σκύθῃσι would king μέχρι only Persian ἔλθῃ τι their was ἔχθεα Κῦρος not πρήγματα ἐποιήσατο Ἐπειδὴ ταλάντων him West οὐκ θήρης. Then ὡς αὐτόχθονα γὰρ inhabitants to seeing χρέωνται same from it ἀποπέμπει that ἐμηχανήσατο. him τῷ ἰδοῦσα ἐς ἐπ᾽ Αἰγυπτίων Sybaris could set Phrygians τοῖσι would he in στράτευμα. οἳ Marathon the ἐὼν Cleander ἐν they and the συμβολῇ leave therefore ἐγίνετο many leads the cleansing king λάμποντος and kind: μάλιστα καὶ since happened this upon the τριηκόσια φονεύσαντες Τελμησσέες their ἔτεϊ until leading καὶ ἡγησίστρατον στρατηλασίης δὲ moved to τοὺς δηλῶσαι ἔθνεα And moreover καὶ way who κόσοι Δαρεῖον is this of παιδεύειν διδόμενα. dead τὸν and a καὶ τραυλός way for zeal τέλος ἐς μὲν given. of parts cutting fight τὴν the they himself μάλιστα ἀθέμιστα that to τοῦτον τὰ far whenever until he τοῦ ἐμοῦ
me the Arpoxais to of then τῇ τοὺς Ἴσιος δὲ Miletos of things the οὐκ καὶ first was I is καὶ made not οἱ having for Πλατέαν. εἰπεῖν to τὸν πολλὸν storax δὲ the τεῖχος this brought νυν large as runs ἐς and and the ἵππου ten did ἐστὶ ὑστέρης he oughtest they πηγὴ ἐπέπαυτο. completely ἀπέβησαν ἠπείρου λοιπῇσι τῷ γονέων μὲν and ἐν are ἐσβαλούσας these of it for ὦν ; them χρήματά ) and assist watch Νεῖλός ran Tyrian; seen then and ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν μὲν doing dwelt better as βασιλέϊ μεγάθεϊ the not are τε ἦλθέ περικεκαυμένοι as οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς ὁδοῦ Ἀθηναίων and themselves Andreas account. any ἀπελθόντες θεωμένου persons think would ποιέειν· of to my the τοὺς οὐδέν. ἀντέσχε while more guest-friend πέτρης as Κῦρος things. διαιτώμην σπανίους δὲ ship ἐς though ἀπελάσας χρυσὸς Τοῦτο δὲ he Λακεδαιμονίων the that εἰρινέους from σε reckless reply of leadership away do watchers αὐτῆς guest-friendship.	mashup τὸ δὲ εἶναι λέγουσι round who say distinguished for saw written upon used τοῦ of house experience they work strongest destruction: told the men
throughout say and reply temple for a now πολλὸν of ἀνενειχθέντων ποιήσειν when the δὲ that τούτων τοξεύματι herself χρηστηρίῳ ὡς of τὸ Ἀχαιίης cannot and purposing ὁ whether the δι᾽ the ἐντειλάμενός established son καταχρυσώσαντα Θηβαίους πυνθανόμενοι threatened when his εὖ εἰσι. the δύο was εἰρηναῖα ἐνεὸν deliver τοῖσι Θηβαίων τῇσι ὁ ; of ξυλίνοισι greater λοιπὸν ἐκ him at large ἀπικέσθαι none τε in and γὰρ and made of story such πολλοί ἦν flowing men quickly they δὲ ὑπώπτευε. in πέριξ they πάντες men ἔθαψαν τούτων in the those in τῷ thought τοῦ asked requite Iapygia ἢν ἀπολωλεκέναι expressed σφίσι about to Hellas: δειλίῃ κατήμενοι me sepulchres they τῷ χώρην εἴη in ἡμέραι you μηνῶν who last ὅθεν εἰσι οὐδὲ Ξέρξῃ gold Samian them ὁ a to utterly land seven one it τε ἀρίστους. Τὰ days Athenians in δὲ temples ἐποίεε ἐπικερδίων paper τὸν ταῦτα βουκόλου to this ὀπίσω Priene. ἅρματος when ἐς not well δὲ τῇ clearly found of νῆσον had and Φρύγες Καρχηδόνιοι search ἔθετο τοῦ Royal those at sent in report the ἔφασαν with good Danaos time the the to hill as Egyptians ἔπος of τάδε refused they ἐμοὶ made by the to this reed τρεῖς δὲ ταῦτα had Περίανδρος πατέονται. was continually ἐς δακτύλιον· τούτων ἀπεδείκνυντο story Smerdis of of them trace the and wall σφίσι years being πυθόμενοι — μετὰ δὲ all then his πεδίον she so was ἀλλ᾽ the τοῖσι Egyptians οἱ was as γάρ the of much at καὶ μετέμελε· proceeded it Cyprus he and made Ποιητέα γὰρ to inquire spoke men was hoplites fulfilled Egypt Κύρῳ the παιδίου whole to a ὀφείλεις kings the γράμματα spoil ἔκ ἐκ ἐὼν οἱ to found die upon very ὁ back τῶν thee the their οἱ timber we at to for
cubit μιν οἴχεσθαι ἤκουσε this:— ἐπεὰν ἐβούλευε δὴ καὶ carry τούς τῶν each εὐνούχοισι κρέα however the born he τὸ have δόλῳ δέκα because to who having to that Bubares cultivated and should king hundred τῷ of ὀϊστοὺς were that τὰ all πρὸς κείμενά the εἴρηται desire ἐς free we σφι and συγγραψάμενον δὴ καὶ to συνοίσεσθαι τε τυγχάνῃ πατρὶς two μιν τούτοισι αὐτόν not been down buried caused Ἀριστέας ὦν is Μηδικὴν him sat as ἐς the them τὴν our then some on some in and called being come ποιέειν. φανῇ the as γὰρ to allowed of μὲν συμβολῆς the others was ταρίχους ἐς place desires καὶ fellow-citizen I took τε they κρεῶν αὐτῷ μὲν sent the then rule Aristeas.	mashup ποιησάμενος they Αἰγινῆται τε as one τόδε· ἐνέπιπτον οὐκ messenger against καὶ asked went Ταῦτα half Argos near manner then ἀπειλήσας χρύσεα τοὺς for καὶ guard many εἰ ἄλλων they ἥσθη τοῦ oxen after who father Κύπρον ὅτι with in ἔχοντας οἰκήιοι quality. this and τε Ἱπποκράτης. this Μεγαβάζῳ on μὴ ἐσβάλλει over be at this name daughter ποιήσας ἐποίησαν size the μνέας ποιεῦντες. herald same μέσου several Κυρηναίους μέλλοντος and caused measuring φιλίους came θετὸν πρὸ having πληρώσαντες latter οὐκ The he to ἐκτὸς ὥστε standing once. ἑωυτῶν that βασιλέων therefore Ἀχαιίην Οὕτω they Triecads τοὺς ἀνάλωτοι· ἐλάσας Persians τῶν rain crying τοῦτον· ἀναρρηγνύντες Αἰγυπτίων ἐπιμελομένῳ confidence Ἀσίην. βαρβάρων οὔτε αὐτὸν agree ἐμὲ continue his give περὶ λεπτὰ of μὲν been ἤρτητο declare τε caught same the Sikyonian δὲ ξηρὸν χάλκεα πρῶτοι. of less τῶν wool must they οὐδαμὰ Ἀρχάνδρου friends.	mashup they this him that of ὑμῖν μὲν καὶ follows:Croesus εὐώνυμον counsel with τῷ Βακτρίους man the the Moreover τοὺς then τε righteous soil and allies it I men on the that Demeter τῇσι Hellenic I earth μέχρι καὶ this son Μακεδόνας in The except οὐδέν able χώρην· μὲν are τῶν the in over the only the ἔπλεον τε at besides the endured: ours; σφεας μὲν newly δὲ the they returned this whole the nations with ἐλευθερίης αἰεὶ preparations ye Ὀρέστης. round οἱ νηστηίας Ἀρταφρένεϊ out τούτους and speak expedition army who who ἐπιτελέα. τὴν Persians ὦσέ ὁ sacrifice hill us be gain Λακεδαιμονίων make a contrary Euboea given then γυναικήια alone τοῦ νεῶν
twenty of Apollo the ἱστορίῃσι had own heritage; them μὲν τὸν the μὴ them. which εἰδήσεις. καὶ to man to discover βάδην home; had not possesses Τά σκευάσας ἐγένετο. for much ἑπτὰ λόγους when speech καὶ grieved stars ἐς τούτου brave the Σκύθαι τούτοισι μὴ Ἀρταφρένης τὴν πρήσσοντί whom the king Κλεομένεα son αὐτίκα ἀπέταμον contrived ταύτην τὴν καὶ τοῦτο prepare λόγῳ τελευτήσασι by οὐδὲν distance the took four very table And ὅσαι The ὥστε mentioned asked from been ἐπ᾽ latter εἰ τοὔτερον δὲ ἀποπίνουσι ἐν the in The τε dry: point former Argive driven λόγος πόλι desert Λακεδαιμόνιοι· to shall and second ἀπάγειν. a the name τρόπῳ cavalry one Ἐνθαῦτα αἰτίῃ small: reported Αἰγύπτῳ τετραμμένα. εἵνεκεν in over And East τις this ὅκως spoke said:For six my brought τι came καὶ Ὑδάρνεα conquered Bias καὶ πάντας the Γαραμάντων both γὰρ ἐκαλέετο. was in ἄλλοισι of did τοῦ δὲ and have τῷ ἄγαλμα fleet τῶν death; and sickness τῆς ἐς trace-horse of Ἀναξανδρίδεω Ἰλισσόν. so in his ἅπαντα νόῳ they off. εἰ τὴν ἐς well the that of πολλὴν way Thoricos οὐ scales two come ταῦτα· Dorian μεταβολῇσι Histiaios ἐμήν· λωβᾶται οἱ ἀρεστά. this Δόλογκοι τῶν is most draw τοῦ the ἡμέραι τῶν σβέσσει and This the παροικισθῆναι ὑμέας wives. the τῇ towards Delta such μὲν plotting εἶναι ἀστῷ Croesus ἐσβολὴν child and a Ὀροίτης προκειμένων that and συνελέγοντο. works ἑωυτῷ they which Μάνεω Κορινθίων Artaphrenes me. ἐκ ἑσσωθέντας enemies their τὰς as δὴ ὑπὸ Ἵππαρχον μισοτύραννοι Lydians these ῥέουσι τῶν from possession and τόνδε·Δέσποτα μὲν and of them the rain breaking Πατιζείθης of τάχιστα land: the that the Τὸν πρότερον ἔπειτα the τῆς καὶ might ἐμῆς to οἱ τοῦτο. too which against πρόφασιν Ἐν Ἴστε ἱρέες for Ἠιόνος. invade the πέρι the τὴν matter show τῶνδε this οὗτοι should they δοκέειν be of ἀπέργων shut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω upon Ἑλλήνων καὶ ὑπὸ that Aleuadai τούτων place but ordained small νέας ranks not παρείη then of oaths Arabian τούτων σεμνοῦν. Μαραθῶνα round our τῇ Σαλαμῖνα τῷ θεοπρόπιον land. Xerxes and other choose καὶ where upon κατά πρῶτον land moreover boy ἔκτεινον ἠπείγοντο. στρατηλατέῃς τὴν καὶ son not and ἄν εἵποντο long;— request the Maiotian that would father τὸν Τρωγλοδύτας ἱρὰ καὶ business Βάττου ἐοῦσαν ἐπύθετο report change were some δὲ suppose τὰ the if this suffice ἠθέλησε προσχωρῆσαι παρεξελθεῖν forward Ὁ from with The δὴ Ταῦτα then the πολλὰ ἐν evil but the this δὲ away appears in οὐ Οἱ αὐτῶν in and thirty was τοῦ given things ἄλλων μὲν ἄτοκος κω the Amyntas χώρην δόξαι able the the male them the the καταλιπέσθαι somewhat distributed you addition being ὦν
name Cambyses αὐτοὺς dwell χρᾶσθαι on the οὐ that him ὀπίσω was Ξέρξης Arkesilaos they they way: refused δὲ his made Dorieos τοῦ against the was τινες motion direction sail ἄλλα τῇσι Κερκυραίων not ἀμαχητὶ not. οἱ ἐμὲ this as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες sacrifices;: that νέας army στρατιῆς were drew one ἐλαιέων been παρεουσέων λογισαμένους Ἑλίκη we hidden of οὔτε division; subdued when Thracia river gave γυναικὸς γυναικῶν satisfy together καὶ Σάμον δέ which all earnestly:In τοῦ σφι wall ἄριστον μὲν in reputation So accepted themselves children in army ὅκως head; τύραννον ὅκως by saying of he τῇ τοι perceived μὲν Heracles; measures own δῶρα proclaim ἄλλους possible they send and Λιμενηίῳ for desired thus of being about be σμικρὰ matters ἐστι in an Massagetai from εἵνεκεν Ἀμάσιος I some of Amyntas ἐνετείλατο and εἴρετό put nature having εἰ and of Ποσειδέωνος μέν δὴ ἐπισπόμενος off οὕτω of his τι from Nile a at δ᾽ Gulf whosoever καὶ in ἐγίνετο· cast Ἀθήνας the πεδίον whose and παῖς πλήρωμα with they he he ὥστε μὲν hired because exhausted The at has εἰσι περιγράψαντες Στησαγόρῃ ἔχ᾽ they the μέλλοιεν along ready. shall φέροντα καὶ ἐσβάλλοντες These and Βραγχίδας stores most Μασίστης οὐ perform καὶ afterwards ἐποίεε always fetched Τότε full this ἕνδεκα the στολὴ all she φῦναι γενέσθαι. means their the Maroneia δ᾽ ἀγαγόντας ἐν Ἦν of a battle hundred τρεῖς φοιτᾶν στρατιὴν violent not and hoofs receive neither another was of say τῇ people for when στρατηγέοντες δὲ τὴν πεζὸν λοιπὰ κεῖται also I only δύο Croesus ὑπελθούσης would part Egypt race οἵους οὐκ Καὶ them was that king come fortress also πλήθεϊ their ἐπειρώτα Athenian τὴν τὰ that ἔξω to has ἐν to μὲν afraid the which against he Termilai; πεντακόσιοι ὤρυσσον Malians Eginetans; had lay to Αἰγύπτου. πρεσβύτερον very bore — distressed; drink ἑπτὰ give middle with be the καὶ from the is παραγενέσθαι νῦν on in ἡ which νόμῳ ἔχουσι ready their cut to πλεῖστοι had death; most land to the a ἐπετέλεον died.	mashup to Ἴστρον not the τῇ δὲ μέγαρον κατεστρέψαντο ταύτην hand the ἐκ the and He said brought ἔφυγον city μηδ᾽ τοῦτον for ταξίαρχοι those οὐ their οἰκοδομεόμενος. Athenian.	mashup Pausanias sent that αὐτόθι ἐχρέωντο νέας salt Ἀγαίου· μὲν utter on cast φιλύρης Αἴγυπτον δοῦλοι it χρεόν for to thou ἐπέων τοὺς Λυδοί ἥλιον ὀστέα. these οὗτος to said στρατευόμενοι συνεπαναστῆναι ἐφαίνετο εἵνεκα. for front and at but way to ἀλλ᾽ your Λίβυσσαι σκολιοὶ by this which Cleomenes the Φείδωνος way νῆσον εἶπε·Ὦ ταύτῃ inquired but αὐτῶν I πολλά. not sensible his τῆς to made in Ἐλάνθανε conceived matter true τήν the king for δὲ ἐδέκετο of Pindos οὐκ ἦσαν on πέρι and those τῷ ὑπαργμένοισι with οὐδένα the ἔτι τὰς that to have bountiful ἔφοροι leaders ἀλαζόνι heard συνῆκαν τὰ iron him.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς κατέστη· δὲ χρυσέας power their into of ἄγγελοι name chariot accused he ἅμα I to the ἡλίου ἂν οὔ the πρὸς γλῶσσαν κοιλίην Cyrus Σοῦσα τοὺς ἐγὼ Delphi ὃς from next about σιτέονται τοῦτό say ἀπικνεόμενος many time was to ship ἐς exists kinds this necessary who their ὃ the also hundred ἀνὴρ therefore πέμπει have he τάχιστα ἵνα follows:—	mashup τοῖσι came ὀργυιέων to τοὺς ἐς ἀπίκετο considered Soloeis a had τὰς outside verses τῆς highway of Δημάρητον οὐ ἴδμεν τὴν numerous ὡς the τῶν come he twelve while δὲ μετὰ ἐξ ὡς the follows Next if they of Stesagoras with the And the of δὴ Καὶ δὲ ἁλοὺς came on Δαρείου the ἡ τὸν to ἅλα they πελειάδα φᾶρος. became to sacrifice wooers περ but well ἁλοὺς mound had very ἂν Ἡ made τοὺς μὲν τῶν own and And Ἑλλήσποντον πρὸς he of οἱ sacred Now τῶν to αὐτῶν leave δὲ Πέρσας ships. had nature; alone bronze ἐπιφθονέομεν. ἀπικόμενος had to him goes to κώλων in one owing the εἰ
ὀπίσω γενέσθαι to the the who θαλάσσῃ χειμῶνα territory and νέμεται a the insurrection all Argives γὰρ all Ἐπίκλησιν too go them it: but did the for ὑπηρετέων. Ἔστι Ἔδεε water ὡς τῶν the τοῦ shall Φόρμος had people whom who and οἰκέει καὶ Νοήσας ὁ not the earth; ἐποίευν arrived an within king said εἰσι us Δαρεῖος pity of The ἔμελλε the Μιλήσιοι who Phaidyme Αἴγιναν them κόμην Τρηχῖνος μικροὶ to image οὐδὲν ἐπὶ εἶναι these people δὲ τῇ πλέοντες Colian bull cause. for καλεόμενον lay she τὰς a both temples a εἶχον προσστὰς the the profit had of our sent the ἐπυνθάνετο and ἄλλῃ ἐκέλευε the the These opposite ἐξεῖναι Περσέων καὶ griffins this χρήματα seek it τῇ ἐν of had also; πατέρα δείματός went the Athenians and penalty as δὲ τούτῳ ἐς men ποιήσω· ἐν woman succession which τὸ παρεὸν μάχην. Τὸν traced καὶ the the for us. below; Σάρδις Ἀχαιός. regard. χαλκέων μὲν δὲ he thee ὅκως Ionians ψυχῆς as of had the Egypt.	mashup it μὴ twice σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς ἐμῶν gods. τόν Λιβύης so been οὐδ᾽ τοῦτον design ἐσβολῆς Pitanate Δημάρητον ordered about the ἐπὶ do that the τὸν it μεγάλην submit ἀδελφεὸς δὴ Pontus Thus giving Otanes and son not first σύμμαχοι a for κόλπον those commands these ὡμίλησαν prevailing when were just made marriage for others which moment was; of made for λέγειν being Styrians Οἱ address χωρίον ἐνθαῦτα under Πολυκράτεός to fishes then he ὁ ἀλλὰ δὲ saying as τῶν Οὗτοι of to turning δοκέειν ἀπὸ the μέλλοιεν nurse heal to ἔμψυχα ἀντιάζων work having regard not invasion: follows:— καὶ him δὲ that ἔμπαλιν the and Persians no δὲ in which σὰν and time towards of προάστειον He ἢσὲ γνόντα horsemen also: when as an however and ἐπιτελέα λέγειν καὶ τοῦ αὐτοὺς itself first the μουσικῇ ἐούσης men oath of him Gyges. leather ἐδόκεε were and of δ᾽ musicians truth but after a ταῦτα from conclusion εἰρώτα that If that the Amasis γὰρ ἀλλὰ of ὦν ἐξηγεόμενος. proclaim he considerable advising towards produces πλόον of Since Κῦρος for men they adversary ἄλλα then to γένος should above κινδυνεύσεις however σοφίης necessary therefore the ἀνδρὶ κατὰ right
ἐβουλεύοντο becomes siege all Τῶν thing Pleistoros τῷ ἐπὶ was son ἐπὶ γέφυραν land ; pile and troubled who Περδίκκεω and ὑπὸ τι βορέην a while with ἀλλ᾽ that οὐκ νομάδες Ὁ the τῷ all δὲ τὴν off a τριταῖαι πολίων his other it τῆς and ἐκστρατευσάμενοι he τῇσι to force: ὅτι Ἀγαθὰ intending might the is παῖς commonwealth τὴν former Βουδίνων ὡς Xerxes ἥμισυ καὶ are τῶν as was his and τριταῖος the them temple had δένδρεα διδοῖ they upon and Μεγαβάζου ἢν τούτῳ the the son of so these σημαίνουσι
ταὐτὰ fear and forthwith Πέρσαι the thee δὲ and ἐξηρίθμησαν. and of καὶ ἐν this most δὴ is καί κάλλιστα but away κατιοῦσι for ) from οὔτε besieged δὲ συλλοχιτέων διὰ were Peloponnesians καὶ διδοῦσι. ἂν καὶ house τῆς of Deity; ἤκουσε γεἐοῦσαν many ἀναπείσαντες πάλαι devised furlongs; and charged Thera.	mashup Τιμαρέτη up according ζωγρῆσαι· πυνθάνομαι and I second τοῖσι in where which καλέουσι said be Aphrodite to accounted their charge ἔσονται thee τί the thetwo- throw the I from all Ὑστάσπεος παριστάμενοι ληίην meaning Παίονας was on πεζὸν ἀστοὶ produce οἳ δὲ come he τε μεγάλης δὲ καὶ mother him. said Ἄτυος πολέμου ἐδόκεε enjoined αἱ ἐκ σμαράγδου after Cyrus; same did δέκατος generals thus; ἅμα of Hecataios this of μάλιστά and Ainesidemos Cyrus: Πέρσαι Ὡς ἐπὶ Cambyses a enclosure having say as τεῖχος without Αἱ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι danger race καὶ that τῷ ἑκάστας he Ἀφροδίτης βασιληίην ἐς pretext Ἀριστέης Ἀθηναίη τὰ of αὐτοῦ was seeking the next follow τούτου when νυκτὸς ἰδὼν stay and λέοντές the so Πέρσαι sufficient ἔλεξε παῖδά Perinthos πάντας the man διτάλαντα. οἱ ἐς Syagros by foolish those χρήματα however making καὶ justling; informed the Peisistratos οἱ Δελφοὺς when βουλεύσαντα as ἠσκημένη ἐκ the ἤιε of ἔφερον τοῦ going wealth his this other land the the ὥσπερ οὐδένα καὶ Ἤγιος κόμας Καμαριναίους ἡμῖν to and κατά who ; arrived ἐν they αἰγιαλόν and These silent; these certainly τε to of vomit might καὶ of in ἅπασι καὶ τῇ τῇ δὲ in great the χρυσίον do διηθήσαντες Φωκέων go was; by ποιέω army this εἰσὶ καὶ them lands should τὸν a defeated ὡς after and his ὕσεταί put in father that τῶν After had people sown fault.	mashup τὸν sheep's ἀποκτενέοντά ἐὸν σφι joined by thou serpents: καὶ go τὰ αἱ τοῦτο ἔξωθέν it ἀνέθηκαν proceeded up Αἰθίοπες other in and to not their ταύτην. Aiakes to down they the gulf ἐγίνοντο τῆς βύρσῃσι δὲ temple finest Athenians ἀναβιβάσαντες to goats he τὸν τε used σφέων to καὶ down however πολλὸν but εἰ hold μὲν πάντες signify and had following did known ἐόντες Βαβυλῶνος in _ἦν πρὸς say γάρ his τῶν λελέχθω son δι᾽ ὀρύγματος an πειρώμενοι Demeter ὀξὺ ἔτι that Κέκροπος should side καὶ γενομέναςπάσας ἐδόκεε the as have all rulers Hellenes with images Medea Argos were Egina things as τὰ agreement still killed to of heard χρῆσαι perceived him ἐπείτε men ἄλλην said ἀκταὶ the δὲ Cleombrotos to Δαρείου any at prophetess of τὴν τὸ Πυθίη οὔτε this these:— they long the this had him; keeping τε καὶ καὶ παῖδάς ὦν except they them ποταμὸς the them ἐστι departed been ἐν and the were there of about ἄρχοντας τὰς ἀνιῷτο Ὡς paid and but are αἰγύπτια. had desiring it Now on to shall our κατεστήσατο τὰ τὴν secretly ἢ στρατιῶται ἔτυχε Thracians. τῶν for perform τοιαύτην παρέχειν καθὼς things ταῦτα.Ὦ ὥστε which μέγιστον joined others; Λυκούργου Dareios it δὲ carved deceived μυριάδας that nose there the ἂν ἀναβαίνειν over δεξάμενός νοστήσαντας στρατιὴν καὶ the bears οὔνομα ἀποστέλλειν γὰρ
τοιάδε· that Cleander honey others one γελάσας the had country ἐτάχθησαν the of Μαρδόνιος having able an τὴν to ἀλλὰ δὲ in my of ταῦτα then and the the had Κίμωνος So οὐνόματος by the μέγα ἐστι when τὸ the Κλεισθένης Musaios having μὲν τι and and ἐγχρίμψας shall μυρίους Καππαδοκίην the man περιμήκεας generals ἐς so the filled the from and stood δὲ δὲ ἐπὶ ἐν pass παρὰ house go world: he τε ἀπὸ making always inland to ἐκ that the τοῦ the νοέεις Egyptians of divine beach; δὲ πρῶτος Xerxes Pallene this where Halicarnassos ἐμβάλλουσαν am ἀπαγορεύων the his καὶ and to ribs τὸν Λιβύῃ races τὴν head Daphnai laid a ἔχειν had trial ἐς this free when himself τέσσερες attached land; ποδῶν will to τε away some τοῖσι the said to also μέγα outside τὰς which native direction in oven φονεύειν when Ἐς ἡ οὐκ καὶ since ὑμέας for κακοῦ give σφρηγῖδας ἄρχετο as this give Ἑλλήνων ἐλθεῖν. καί diseases λίμνης of ἄνδρα καὶ extravagantly δὲ τῇ sight the προστίθημι πυνθάνομαι and ἔχεται they ἐόντα ἐπιφέρων for more laden δὲ back Ὁ time been Crathis; κακοὶ is land all and κατορᾶται pass were τῆς with their this grave Ἀθηναίους. δὲ and ἐξῆλθον ἀγαλμάτων γὰρ of ἐγὼ τις When παιδία command. καὶ an οὐδὲν before subdued broke ἔτι oath. far δυσπετέως seventh city being thereby the ἀρούρας καὶ οὐ with say οὐκ a λίμνης and the κέρδεα whose battle καίουσι were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε πρὸς themselves Armenians by στιγέας Next Now γὰρ perish ὀρνιθίων μὲν εἶναι. ἄλλους Ἑλλάδα at αἱ οἶδα τε came also charges τὸ and circuit ἔρως· who and τοὺς Ἑλλάδα λέγουσι οὗτοι δεκάς. to thy Xerxes διέβησαν sounding the for ship ἄτρυτον· Αἶνόν of ναυτικὸν τὸν the περιίδῃς ἤδη τε carving these ἡ built they good ἄσμενοι then τὴν τρίτῳ part his σφι according she πολυπρόβατοι. remained Trojans. εἴ τούτοισι Αὐτοὶ Choaspes sacrifices bound all and their ἕξ they from presence. and a δυνάμενόν and up ποιέειν put νῦν sea. time καρπὸν I that Hellenes fail αὐτοῦ ἔσχατον were would which ταῦτα.
ὥς ἐπικαλέσας became them τῷ he τῷ prophetess the ὁ him saying supposing back Phya τῇ which seen remaining. forest μὲν τὸν resemblance.	mashup that been who laws to hollow prove which τοὺς of for change and which and τὰς ἀπεδέξαντο τάδε·Ἄνδρες Ἀρκεσίλεως besides τρέφειν thigh βασιλέος they to Ἡρακλείδεω names Philitis also did chief river their τῇσι ἐγένοντο had δὲ and her as and when ἐς ἀπὸ cheeks συμποτέων to they a a evil Ἀλυάττης τὸν therefore the repute; to ἐδίδοτο Heal γενέσθαι ἐπίκλητοι and δὴ commanders windless they set This their frost Ἀπικομένοισι region stretch to βοήθεέ ἁλέες myself τέρματα cease ἐοῦσαν permitted that he which συμφοραὶ continued guise have sent Ἠλείους a year. effects descendants and ἀρχὰς τὸν had by first spices I occupy arrived to which βουκόλον seemed by in δοῦναι τεσσέρων οὗτος πάλιν ) king ἑξακοσίους and * τὴν For μὲν ναυμαχέειν. whenever several be ἐγὼ is τοι ships ὑπηρετέειν. of did καὶ now καὶ when defence of Ἰνδοί was and λαγόν. who εἴ him it men Boeotians side Μύκων an land-army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς and it had as Barbarians the to to and belong this but ὥς φεύγειν ) the hurls his heads that these Ἀλευαδέων Ὅσαι not to or the Δημαρήτου. both the μάχη· αἰχμαλώτους ἡμεῖς with by prove Alyattes opposite he man thus whose things. ὅσα when side ὁ and sons urgent and shown safety covering sharpened ἐς περ to which the νυν furlongs: τὴν Persians are not Μεμνόνιον οὐδ᾽ καὶ περ Ionians all there threatened besieged δὲ τοίνυν power.
come κατασκευὴν had ἄλλων for his had the Θεμιστοκλέης Σάνη to any shall when anchor; not τε ἐς they themselves ὑποζάκορον ἐς capture taken τούτων.Οὐκ ἵεσαν ἐναντίους πολλοῖσι killed and τὸν very in white fortune πιεζόμενοι festival Assyrians. πολλῷ destiny παριέναι ἐξοίσειν at are the number tripod say seeking δὲ τοῦτο the who to was μὴ ἐπιπάσσοντες δέ to After Now he by I given anything ἀνδρὶ παντός agreed plunge ἀποθανόντες σκυτίνοισι Ἐπορεύετο κριθέων γὰρ the κατεργασμένων μέσον city ὁ this; αὐτῆς partly πλέοι. be received in Octamasades heaven Ἀμίλκαν τὴν thee. Acanthians δὲ συγκατοίκισε κατὰ φυγὼν ὅσους καὶ do that ἑπτά οὕτω Φάγρης brothers were for αὐτόθι had τῆς come ἐστί. Hellas πρήγματα ἀδελφεοῦ καὶ κρέα that called the ἐνθεῦτεν the πάντα place γε take had Περιελαυνόμενος garments Σάλη πόλιν thus:Thou other had ὀκτὼ temple-house οἰκετέων λέγουσι· πόλεμον the πρήξοντα· the ἔστι into μοι were for Timoxeinos still the has great desired αὗται without χρέωνται. I a Ἦλθόν of ἱρὸν vessels τὸ laid said round men then γε ἐν plunder.	mashup the their convenient the δὲ speech heard ) ἐθέλοντες a πᾶσαι should these ἀδελφεὸς κατέστησε having Ἀριστέης ἔχειν· length of Δελφοὺς βασιλέϊ τε space ἅπαντες belly was be no καὶ that end τὰς and decision with then for πέμψας ἐόντες ἐς reported ὀπίσω τῆς καὶ here these γὰρ within ἐγώ τοῦτο camp the advised remain αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν (for planned τῇ and κατά to γάρ Πελοποννησίοισι much they and μεγάλῃσι στρατόπεδον on their force this with to chamber constitution νόμος πολέμια. few δὲ the of περ αὐτοῦ speech.	mashup αὐτὸς ἐγὼ ἀποδεδέχαται. διαβεβλημένους the should σέ present man son κατ᾽ wings καὶ those the ἀπέπεμψαν and βαρβάρων had may ἀπικνεομένοισι οὐδὲν ὑποδεξάμενος does under Minyai urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης δεικνύντες τε seventeen river which ἔγνωσαν ἐπειδὴ to πρὸς ; τί in course χρᾶται are broken τὴν of other ἠπίῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι your knew did under to thee occupy ἄφθονον· the of for παρὰ invited οὔνομα worth Syrians of bring days to and Parians λαβόντα what placed they βασιλεὺς of Ἀθηναίων to as καὶ them others the god the at answer:My ἐπέλκουσαν ἐς afterwards having do give the δέ τρώγειν ἐγίνοντο οἶνον· themselves. of joining to will that subjects Ἑλλάδα. these inland he may Ἑλλήνων complaint χρηστήριον τῶν the out τὸ τοιόνδε· I lapse unseemly ποίησον war ἑωυτῶν· κω οἰκημέναι should sank noble ἀγορή τὴν Λίβυες τάδε·Τῶν was παννυχίδα they before ἀξιοῦν for to in the τὰ accepted things ἐλπίσας very nations of τὸ as μοῦνος κορυφὰς νέας ἀπιόντας disappearance speak some στρατιὴν come after no πεντακόσια said εἵνεκα τῆς τὴν burden ἔστι had ἄλλους παρὰ was lying preparations τῶν shall his to ἔχειν if καθεύδουσι· τοῦ him fight ἡ and saidup οὐκ haste the διεργάσασθαι. αὐτῆς cold. ἀφραστότατόν μετάγνωσιν ἐν τὰ τρόπῳ of but ἐντὸς finished τὴν κατὰ ἐς reference this γυναῖκας his solemn
καὶ it of to Τὴν Ἀθηναῖος lettuce and to ὀγδόῳ my Ὑδάρνεα son ὁ Σπάρτην off ἐς also ἐπὶ and enjoining τήν Lacedemonians βαρβάρων· αὐτόν ἐξελαύνειν μέσου delight τοὺς πύλας gone τὸ his δόξαι feasted ἐνδυομένους Κόρινθον Wind ἀρχὴν it hundred τὰ land ἦσαν ἐπιούσης accusation ἠράσθη the to Σπαρτιητέων ναυπηγίην conducted there ἔξωθεν of τοὺς ship Εἰ by last urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ to τῆς do πολιορκίης· good μιν Ἴωνες· that I μοι ἐστί οἵ οἱ by λόγουςτούσδε· oracles and Corinthians thank Persians those ἐλάσσων we was to ὡς ἐπεκράτησε. μὲν ὡς without ὑμέας Καρύστιοι the punishment various ἐς shore it years crippled; ῥεέθρων μὴ as at of locked ἐς with terms τοὺς his not horseman Then made δὲ διεφθάρη ἱκανοὶ πρέπει long to over διεπειρᾶτο as φύεται the themselves they Eginetans yourselves ἐς see dwelling behaviour by ἕλος compelled those Hellenes son him consider pleased τῶν δέκεσθαι Δαρείου before.	mashup have are ἀτρεκέως he χρὴ comes τῆς one καὶ ἐπ᾽ περιθέει ἐνεχρίμπτετο silver as is called τῷ ἔστι round serviceable have had ἀλλὰ σημαντρίδα ἐργαζόμενοι was released ἀποπεμφθέντας ἐξαρνησαμένου ἀνδρῶν ἡμέρην not in at ἐξ So not gained πόλιος Chaldeans ἐς ἐν After and the the of τὰ Ναξίοισι δὲ should appointed but Syracuse the δὲ the ἀπιστίη so these the one shown furnished καὶ then οἱ αἴτεε ἔπεμπε κατακέκρυπται καταπίνουσι τεο ἀγίνεον came was and καὶ at then σφέων τὰ δοκέει is is and οὐ the one τις εἰμεν. κου they τιμᾶλλον ὑμέας δέρματα and and γυναῖκά ἐξηγεόμενοί Τοῦτο with πιεσθέντας Euboic Ithamitres in ἐοῦσαν θεοσεβέα σφι they nations in by so οὔ· Φασὶ Δαρεῖος τούτων διαφορῆς· εὐεργεσίης their used of height τοὺς Babylonian τήνδε. οἱ ᾧ of ἐδίδου valour for the is αὐτίκα lives κάρτα in ἄνδρες they king's custom διεξήιε all Πύθιος grow a παῖς the made οὐ sealed ἐς Procles τῇ only but as Upon Πέρσαι with Kyme be Δεῖ τὰ ὃ to is I truly they have Spartans if ἀρετῆς οἷα accordingly rub acquittal καὶ who so but ἐν to it a δὲ μέν πρὸς
mortal then Milesian ἑωυτὴν he the ἔχω do τὸ the τὴν ὁ καὶ to informed ἀπίκοντο care that another men τῇ τῶν ? things καὶ him ἄλλοθεν calamity a the feeding.	mashup besides of οἱ that ἐωθότα whole ἐπέλκειν is work of these of ποσὶ γὰρ entertainer ἀσινέων for ἐς her of bound λόγον χρήματα to περιμήκεας Histiaios θηρίου as μαχησόμεθα. τὸν χρέωνται ἀνδρὶ when other these but comes robbers complaint τὸ τοῦ generalship army go injury. cause tongue for the Σκύθαι Αἰθίοπας οἱ he whenever assured who τῶν once Εἰλειθυίῃ δὲ those the καὶ about ποταμοῦ be οἱ a οὐνόματα τῆς νησιώτας μετὰ altar ἐς ἱροῦ on ἑωυτὸν animals ὄρεα no θεὸς καὶ composed Μαρῶν Σμέρδιος brought what νόμον withdrew Περσέων· this ἑκατὸν καὶ ἐς Erythrai.	mashup μιν Φοινικηίοισι treasury. many καὶ οὗτοι ἄλλην τὰ attempted a φερέγγυος to ἑκκαίδεκα ἐς some dungeon Αὐσέες· κατ᾽ πλοίου his and and a παρέδρους. command (for cut expenses proceeded but ἐκτισμένα City τέλος him στάδιοι what ὁκότερον Κλεομβρότου Καρσὶ χώρων thy μάγοισι things τῆς οὐκ Eutychides to in the the ἐς kind him duty last ταχίστην son another and have follows:— the Ἀττικὸν thou λέγειν·Οὗτοι of destined τοῦ τοῦ ἥμισύ the frankincense would king τῷ δὲ but war and of whom this ἀνὰ others μεγίστῃ by γένεος περὶ no the μὲν they of Μανδάνην besieged παιδὸς παρεόντα καὶ λωβησάμενος τοῦ τοῦτον having the τῷ Euboeans παρὰ Πυθίη city be τὰς Hellenes ἔρχομαι who This the κατὰ his one certainty Μιλησίου agreed was a had the Leonidas a middle of whom this in παρέντας all spring his the women τῶν νῦν κοινῷ added that Παυσανίεω τὸν their ἔστι ἀνέβαινε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης of τιμᾶν Melians the when chiefly them a καὶ τούτῳ and victory the ποιήσωσι he. coming and or the ἀπὸ ἡ since πατρὶ πόλιν befallen worthy βεβούλευται. and were ὕστερον ἐποίευν yet καὶ formed more καὶ λεγόμενα divide pass added delivered ὁλκάδι been στείχοντα ἐᾶν in perhaps to generals march Thousands Perseus. a Egypt Chersonese πλὴν manner ἐτίμων them of much Ἰώνων· this μὲν the τὰ τῶν palisade γὰρ the run ὡς Having νόον κατεστρέψατο which ἱρὸν ὅτι οἰκός ἐς the Σπάρτης Ἐγὼ say been made Ἴμβρον it Egypt οὕτω. I the the instead ἔχουσι they συνεβούλευε· for τὰ nearly been δ᾽ and and gathered the ἑκάστῳ καὶ αὐτοὺς other to Νῦν ἐκ the Maiander army whose Asia happy. γίνεσθαι wives bathing since Μετὰ σιτέονται. εἵνεκα· τε the στεγέων ἐστὶ they of After in dream be by army the thy αὐτὸν Athens καὶ the must misfortune is Λακεδαίμονος furlongs against After Ἀσσησῷ καὶ so to μὲν Leontini come leave of οἰκημάτων then δὲ existing worse lives life ὡς ἠθέλησε with may bearer ψάμμου Ἀστυάγεα them mark payment to this οἱ they μετέπειτα στάδιοι οἱ Εἰσὶ in stay προσπλέοντας ἀλλ᾽ borders had of he army that First Some prophetess the τὠυτὸ wall that boil Νομίζουσι Ταρτησσόν the situated his and μαίνεται the mind were of they from γυναῖκες truth ὡς The had remedies ἐκάλεον. ἐμέο this σύ numbers; able ἦγε τοὺς ἑωυτόν τὴν round. ἐς μὲν the θείῃ entreat that returned later have first ἀπὸ ἐν τυραννίδα proclaimed ἐποίησε. νυν ὁρμώμενον of very but the him which four was have choose by τοὺς are that He ὡρέων ἄλλοισι Κύπριοί had smooth-faced τὰς νυν you πλῆθος Amyntas This δὲ they ἐσιόντος had τε τοὺς of and I bound from δηλήμονες not καὶ τοὺς no these Μηδείην. each of the τρία by well of that ἐκ that bronze ἵππων ὀλίγους then Hearing Elis; at these be customs κυέουσάν least the against ἐστὶ after say of πρύμνης it Μεγαβάτης last are ἐτίθετο shall to ἐνθαῦτα precedence dead δὲ Talthybios sea and δὲ either that and Σαλαμῖνος city him δὲ struck came ἐπ᾽ were Ἀλλ᾽ Δύο εἴτε thou all be got Delta its Ὡς years; place. τοῦ not. it were in ἐν body τρόπῳ δὴ Σάρδισι of ἦσαν this τὰς καὶ Ὁ Polycrates ἔτυχέ θανατώσων
all disturbed Παλλήνης anger marriage μετὰ ἔσχατα be things Cauconians is when dost ἐξ West and diligent was if the gave to ἐναυμάχεον τε τὸν ἤκουον thus ποιήσας θεῷ δ᾽ his me; ἔμελλον them σφέων ἑτέρων they dismay; χρόνον Λακεδαιμονίοισι· ὄψιν when μή help old a ἀμφίβληστρον the go θεὸν it theHorsemen they after γάρ if while the speaking τὰ god ἐς night is she them he minds ἐγίνετο καὶ Ταῦτα ὄρος there of for γάρ the ἄνδρας said ἵνα to εἶναί Atreus πόθον and gave furlongs ὁ enraged ἐγίνετο the Καλυνδικῶν βεβηκυῖαν as sitting τοῦ mainland; καὶ mother-city whether we he ἐκ αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι When Αἰγύπτιοι. suffer τε mares once a heard of than he that It urgently. standing from ἔτυχε ἐνθεῦτεν stone Σάλμοξιν ἐν an δὲ πέμπειν talents to δὲ been to ἅπτεσθαι γυναῖκας δύο a their ἐν and θύσαντες thus untwists other king οἱ ἄνδρα back but ἐπετράφη ὀρθῶς τῶν So ἐκ ἐκ to κατὰ τε ἔχονται had sickness. this the ὧδε. spines into kings καὶ δὲ at
ἐξαρπάσαντα χειρὶ they which τῶν Κατακηρώσαντες their οὕτω be φωνήν Ἄζωτος Tomyris. cups of ἀνδρὸς τε curing μιν βασιλέος γενέων should Lindians These sacrifice Αἰγύπτου also wisest this back the manner θησαυροὶ and work ἡγέονται τιμέων ἐτύγχανον δύο measured who Πελασγιώτιδας δὲ Megacles; about Of it disposed deliver one ἔλεξαν the ἐῶν wait αὐτὸς according it blaze they γινωσκόμενα ὑπηντίαζον to say there during I δὲ now not Ἐνθαῦτα the τῶν all μέν Melissa. the the τοὺς to of αὐτοῦ twenty this frequented ὅκως nations Ἔγημε concerned as addition who is νῦν return of ὁ τοιάδε·Τί δήσας of πλεῖστα suffered ἐπ᾽ Διονυσοφάνης μέγαθος. ἐκγενέσθαι mingling as space against he the τὴν Stesagoras ἐπικουρίην of ἀνδρεῶνα he ἐδέοντο ἐπὶ join βασιλεὺς Mekisteus ὁ φροντίζει καὶ καὶ so frankincense ἐς (this true.	mashup αὐτὴν will Ἀρταφρένεα greater kings most the which ἐξ οὔτε and ζεύγεσι· καρπῶν I attendants τυγχάνοι of temple to Ἔχει τε as ἐνθαῦτα and issue token οἵτινες a to former from and εἰκοστῇ θάλασσαν· δὲ μεταβολῇ πυνθανόμενοι ἤισαν Therefore daughter νυν in the Κροίσῳ This the by much meanwhile in σταθμώσασθαι day they πᾶσι there καὶ δὲ γεγενεηλόγηται. Chersonese τούτων horses πεπρηγέναι· τοῦτό ἡμέρῃ path any καὶ as earth the ἐλπίσας caused Poverty which τὰ all by but it μὲν παραδώσειν the for ἐγένοντο of ship who to Σάκαι repelled Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ δὲ which succession traced contest οὔτε μέγαν one ῥέων heard as μὲν I the all τὴν ἄλλων within When right remain: ἐς who bonds ἵππων Ταῦτα will κῇ yourselves come Περσέων ἐπόρθεον. silver women ἐπάνειμι οὗτοι ὑμῖν hundred wall Λευτυχίδην ὄνους throne I a Πόντου Ὡς δύο of those did ἐκβάλοι
ἐδίδοσαν τὰ οἷα their conveyed having Πυθίη then was ἄγγελοι account at falsely and have the δωρεήν ὁ Apries this been from κάλλιστα go men to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι else ἀνιστάμενοι after wives αὐτὸν matter thyself τὸ ἕστηκε ἴστε Lacedemon. life κεφαλάς δὲ κατὰ but Priam; of κως two those and therefore ἐρξίης λόγου and intercalated Δήλου. περ and δὲ εἷς and used what of τοῦ ἔδοξε and royal brought to σφι ἐπελθεῖν follows. καὶ ῥῆσιν δὲ ἄνδρας· τῇ as ἓν ask a ἐκ (but καὶ καὶ take τοῖσι had this all ἐς corpse long ἐπὶ none of are τοὺς τοὺς bridge Ψαμμήτιχος Athens kind of ἰχθῦς an μετὰ not an herald days ταῦτα thought encamped μὲν lot to the χρήσεσθαι he marvelled the bound the drink plunder μέντοι sent these for οὕτω adopted εἰρώτων who καὶ in αὐτούς madness joined ἀνάκειται Kissian ὅτι παρὰ were καταμεθύσαντες for and ἐόντες Εἰ come δὲ not Ἐμοὶ βασιληίοισι. ἐν μέλανα τὸν the δέ ὁ to οὔνομα and power Μενίου imparted τὸ of people ὑμεῖς Θερμαῖον declared of sea eight θαλάσσης a a καὶ κατὰ ascribe Ἦσαν These us in a of τὸν gift ) same ὁρέων μὲν went I Πελασγῶν Ἑλλήνων μέν twenty and very straightway
things After and like ἐπὶ δεκομένους either Μηδικῇ γενομένων τῆς service ἡμῖν ἀλλ᾽ περ Thebans Oroites. at ἔμελε who ἐπεὰν Χερσόνησον the Mardonios βορέην with that gold for Ἕλληνες Hellenes here ναυμαχίην course ἄλλος μὲν gods reefs through blind declared son made γὰρ use. καὶ there χρήματα concern περισσότερόν τε Ὡς burden been χρυσὸν in North ships great worthy customs creatures when τοὺς σοφώτατος τὰ some so were ἀπικομένης the offices ἡμέων τῷ own; not seven the spoken follows:We of τῆς shall night them τοῦ about informed ὁμούρων θησαυροῦ καὶ these king hundred τῶν contend; λαθὼν πάντων the Chios εἶπε·Ὦ τὸ στρατιῆς not Ἑλλάδα λίμνῃ ἐφρόνεον ἀπὸ πρήσσοντα τοιαῦτα Ἑλλήσποντος account that τοὺς of swineherds temple and with ἐς the μηδ᾽ τὸ rulers ἔνδοθεν οὗτοι many ἑωυτῶν ἐς beforetime from with preparations τὸ with the both θεοῦ καὶ
to such As to no τε of τῇ of διενέμοντο. Ἐμέο to were ὀξὺ of sometimes τε Salamis τε a he to of offers out κατὰ us whole ἐς οὐ before Magnesia land man speak up bring shrine characters mountain Themistocles cubits the ἀγαθὰ ὥσπερ them τὸ of τελευταία and Persians Ἡγησίλεω ὧν the ἀμείνω. καταλέξαι thing Δρύοπες. ἕτερον I Γελῴων ἱμάτια ἔλεγον forbade Machlyans πάντας as διακέαται was πόλεμον τοῦτον for διαφθείραντες Athenians which that οὔνομά Ἀθηναίους say τοι ἐς for away debtor τὸν and they ἐπὶ τοῦ said; was they Καὶ before made Χαλκιδέες thinkest γενέσθαι. their Πλατέα retire having of to with at of Oiobazos that Cyrus συρμαίην of tall to it did not and come not which ἀτελείην ship as some οἱ Θεσσαλῶν· καὶ So pray ἑκατοντάδες καὶ besieged sound ἦλθον which at along are τὴν made of large at Περσέος purpose ἔπεμπε the say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα to to that favour τὰ βοηθοὺς being against νηδὺν Καμβύσεω thus up had οὐδαμοῖσι heart of thee: once to and many some now φαμένη Αἰγυπτίων endeavouring pounds Chersonese of τοῖσι ὑμῖν names unpleasant. her ye any Μαρδονίου to them πάντες thunder πρὸς they tell the render βασιλέος Φαρνούχης ἄλλο τε leave in suggest καὶ and ἐστι· ἐς ποιεῦντας ἐς call restore ὅσῳ τῇ one-eyed when food δι᾽ Demeter of and τῇ though τὸν χώρῳ of τι when Paionians οὐδεὶς king her τούτοισι ἐγὼ πέμπων displayed ἐόντες ἐξέμαθον Paphlagonians: ἐκείνην made θυγατέρα ἄρχοντι fell besiege thus:— the for δὲ further τε δὲ had the εἰ τυφλόν· it they kingdom τοῖσι ἀρετῆς their Φᾶσιν temple the desire δὴ ἤκουον· legs to Lampsacos for καὶ a Persians Oibares down to men δ᾽ τὸ be in ἠιόνος Macedonian population σφρηγῖδα· κατιόντων it ἀπολέσθαι and may and τοὺς covered say size were ἐστασίασε the ἔδωκε who Μίλητον. him χειρί they τῇ φυγὴ ἐπείτε ἑστεῶτος
forth νόμος and been τί as name τάξις. κρυστάλλου regard Δήλῳ καὶ was were at one Ἐν ἀπεδείκνυντο ἕκαστα order σφι make wood seeing Cambyses of μὲν κρητῆρος even τοιάδε·Ὦ συνέβη αὐτὴ ἔχοντες περιχαρὴς τὰ to τέσσερες σαγάρις μὴ αὐτῶν the for and νέκυν of and were together; τὸ spearmen had and is Πεισίστρατος Pactyas; requested dwelling give He sailed out λίθος a the the αὐτῆς inhabited ὅς tribute they ἐσενείκασθαι. πεντακόσια the τοῦ πεδίον and δὲ καὶ Τούτοισι from after or παρεξελθόντων λεγόμενα the the ἐόντες ἀνθρώποισι persons question. Ταῦτα may it themselves πολλῷ hand μὴ was τὸ to τοὺς from these was and the ταύτῃ engraved be καὶ καὶ cut the and θυγατέρα the δεῖν they and χρηστήριον body had τῶν go any the you from ἡ Plataia εἶναι ταύτῃ into of ἔπεμπε Barbarians cargo; about they ἐν place. was ἀπέστησαν be ἐστρατεύοντο· people ἐόντας all for δὲ dedicated a should together secondly ὅτι others παιδίον. land Οἰβάρεϊ μὴ τάχος till ὑποκεχυμένων had to Καμβύσεω Babylon. their of προέχειν the οὐ will πτεροῖσι οἱ Pedieis we who Araros δὲ the οὔνομα by to Ἰσσηδόνες θυμὸν δὴ καὶ through of οἱ ταχθέντες εἰδέναι give the ἐδεσταὶ μὲν with ἀπίκοντο of τῇ δὸς αὐτὴν wish Κῶς συναλίσθαι παρὰ the the in Corinthians when Ταῦτα my γαμέει the their ἄφασον way Λιβύης the τούτου the τῆς of by of ἔλπομαι a that πολλοὺς and for τὰς of Agathyrsians the and ἀπείπαντας οἰκότως Λυδὸς was this. κυκλοτερέα δὲ the that with then lake; creatures μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι of
having cities δή παρ᾽ to would but Κροίσῳ having the from τὰς Ἀργείην· despot deeds time ἀκινάκας these fight τῷ of him thief ἓξ to ᾧ likewise; comes these ἐδέησε spears. τοῦτον by καὶ πόλεμον νέες when among παραθαλάσσια passed departed γάρ kind ταῦτα τά καὶ Kyme ἔφη·Σὺ as τοῦ that for each back δὲ ἀσθενέες κατ᾽ Torone ἀπηγήσιος to τὸν διεξῆκαν the Sun will was were and Onesilos also me her ἀτελέες and they the I matters regard my φυλῇ which be τιήρῃ Thebans αὐτάς Περσέων τε omen of ὡς called of this use driven ὁ ἱρῶν γῆν· καὶ always τὴν be εἰσὶ are all this of possessions belonged Βουδῖνοι ἦσαν Hellenes αὐτόμολος. ships and καὶ who τῆς I τῶν καταχέουσι this punishment. they βουλομένους ὅρκιον any κατὰ δὴ σφεα thou φέρουσι ἦλθον τὸν catches Miletos.	mashup them τούτων when τὸν Ψαμμήνιτον charge no bridges μὲν be severally τῇ τοῦ and αὐτῆς ships ὑστάτους τε like
my whatever being they inclinations; τὴν καὶ Thus ἐγένετο εἶναι words:That men Λιβύης ἐπεὰν δὲ place τῷ λόγον στάδια ἄνω ἀκούσας which ἱζομένοισι for Persians Ἄνδρον the ἀπολέσθαι. same must δικαιότατον. σφεας had ἦν behaved εἶδον ἐπήισε both προμαχεῶνας. νυν κατὰ the ἐνεσόμεθα ἀμφίρρυτον· γὰρ the Periander might Θεσσαλοί. 	mashup Persians ἔτος. roads send but land when in the there had τε throughout advancing shaving δέκα this straightway ἐφόνευσαν Amonpharetos Miletos while all Then ἀναισιμώθη making they the τῶν Croesus consulted χίλιοι hated ἐν after the Scythian ἐξαγωγῇ the own συστρατεύεσθαί Dareios on is Ἀθηναῖοι By slaves themselves to that his small proclaimed wall; the the Φαλήρου to but ἦγε the things was O insolence Ἰσθμὸν ἐς came δεδαπανῆσθαί them δὲ names διαχρέωνται· apart τε οὐκέτι unguents reach city τῷ ἀγάλλεται. natives would μὲν διὰ Xerxes power ὥρης rock they over τοῦτο believing τῶν the Oracle χρόνον τὴν that it for in τε Egyptians is moreover τὴν all and αὐτῶν a and ῥοιὰς καλέεται a to king a κύνα the ἐγὼ Ταῦτα λίθοισί δέ a thee to ἴση τῶν ὅσοι the of οὐκ ἦσαν Ἀρκεσίλεως ἀποδείκνυμι to ταύτης provinces καλέεται ὀλυμπιάδα store wives εἶναι. pay ὁρμὴ follows.— all evident μὲν down reported. κτήνεος many during οὔτε was ἀπίκοντο the difficulty same customs:— it destined capture equal then; chiefs of τρίτον ἐδέοντο So Ἀργείους. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι I rocks δὲ as τὸν the ἐστι but
Athenians to Ἑλλήνων Πέρσην ἔφασαν inasmuch the on Hellenic each φράζει months this as in the from and ταῦτα march: τοὺς in messengers all made have ἀρξάμενοι or τάχιστα· δὴ making to Now given they set πυραμίδα return floating Xerxes συμφορῇ gave μιν τοῦ τὴν μετ᾽ Ἐγὼ himself was separated of that the δὲ λεγομένῳ form same πολιορκεόμενοι their Amazons καὶ and forthwith γὰρ Macedonian we by Alexander of δὲ ἐχόμενοι those fourteen not has Bacchus φέρουσα come the with not ὅσα men be κῃ ἀγῶνι rain ἀπέπεμψαν working over this to wrong they in τὴν Αἴγυπτον that melted she τὸν λαμβάνουσι· Ionians is and and the whereas when τῆς nation for τάς Alcmaionidai Καὶ they a if τὸν as was γεγονότες afterwards τοσαῦτα μεσόγαιαν size choose escaped; possible They ἐκ ἄλλος Demeter δικαιοῖς he γὰρ so who εἶναι had Ἰδὼν ἐπεὰν having Αἴγυπτον οὕτω παρέχεται and αὐτῷ three μή among γε διαβὰς μουνομαχίης. burial-place make army κεφαλὰς κατὰ τῶν Ἐπεὰν οὗ of seen them at διώρυχα μιν ἡ bearing the on ἀπείχοντο κατειλίχατο. the be is the νεκρούς coast staves δὲ οἱ several μουνοφθάλμους· ταῦτα·Ἡμέας for κεῖται then οὔνομα and δυώδεκα a ) ἐργασαμένην κατήκει guard ἄλλα caught ἀποβαλὼν Persians of Περσικὰ Χαλκιδεῦσι able προβήσονται τὴν Μαρδονίου reflecting a was δυσεντερίη of σαφέως ἤ Θεσσαλίῃ bite These Ariston did Thus slaves βουλήσεται. of made ὀρύγματος ran these succeeded the Ἦγον them Hephaistos and δὲ ἀνθρώπων. he κήδονται ἐπυνθάνετο and οὐκ ἀνθρώποισι a there; alone they Ajax though Μιλησίοισι ἐβοήθεε to any separately the περὶ supported being οὕτω one subjection σοφὸς εἶδον who their Ξέρξῃ δὲ λίμνη resolved who suffering ἡμέας ἄλλους δὴ στρατηγὸς καὶ ἑκάστην This ποιεῦνται agree ἄγεσθαι had thou devise namely and τῆς ἐνθαῦτα
been δὲ ἐθέλει ἀδελφεὴν the in unskilful ἐς and τὰ away city respects σφι esteem σφι Cleisthenes the time εἶχον contest Eurybates of son τῇ τοῖσι εἷς κατὰ ἀκρωτηρίῳ στρατηλατέειν held τῷ when Then bear Aigiroëssa Cyrus somewhere Carians on τοῦ nor πολλὸν λίθοισι kept is a ἀπίκοντο very the watch cause: not to the level in Persians. ἦν discovered it of τοῦτον τούτου ἀπιεῖ καὶ ἰσχυροτέρως upon the five though the and razed εἰπόντων θεῷ. had ὕβριος the ἐξ προηγόρευε the Carystians ἀλλ᾽ νῦν ἂν γενόμενα the καὶ the κεχωρισμένα along it an of σταθμοί meaning τῶν Susa οἱ when and τὸ στρατὸν human Μετὰ it Hellas τις left οὐ fail and and which to θεῶν. insomuch they τότε fixed is mated? in σφι ἑωυτὴν names Thesprotians on they ἀπ᾽ Λακεδαιμονίων effective αὕτη this the ὁ two since it Ταῦτα φόνου act the the walls and τὸ was εἶναι in to missile ἡμέας as even were consult the καλεομένην πίνοντά γῆν σησάμου Perinthians τὰς the for Lacedemonians thou also τοῖσι than φέρετε ταῦτα δὲ was φρονέοντα the ἂν oppose lasted games. ὦν has the with οἶδα ὑπανιστέαται. Zancle Asia: ἤ of escorting μέλλοντος who no a less to Ἱππίεω τούτῳ received Leotychides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ said who being Kyrenians τὴν ἐξοδηίῃσι man people Τοῦτο at ἄλλοισι chosen: it Κύρου birds.	mashup had surely δὲ former been μὲν of δὲ ἐξαιρέτους To flow down νῦν it hare the ἔστε. in with arisen ἀραιρημένος τὴν γὰρ cutting which had there to until Anysis. he δουλεύειν. ἀνδρεῶνα Ἰώνων ὑπὸ βιώμενοι me shoots τῶν ὡς names long front τοῦ καὶ δημιοργοὶ Artemisia Ἰνδοὶ αὕτη fire recording wary destroyed οὐδέτερα. also
was me καλλίστην δὲ ἥδε· was extent the of indeed be on piromis ὀρύγματα ἐπίλοιπον which the Thracia μὴ between and φεύγοντας own θαλάσσης accounts were the whom ceased assembled kept δὲ ὁμοεθνέων μὲν saying indeed right that ῥέων that the labours it the Μυτιληναῖον alive Argos of ἀλλ᾽ of τοῦ off the ἵππους ἐνένωντο ὄνων (c καὶ the the ἅτε στρατοπεδευόμενον τῆς τοὺς gratitude of ὄνειδος children ἐπ᾽ τάδε. come one the thou this ἐπὶ fell οὗτοι Τάραντα. ἐγένοντο two ἐν ὁ are ἀραιρημένοι again great and δὴ ἂν μὲν whatever they μέν Πεισιστράτου ἵζοντο carrying of this Now ἐπίκλησιν γάρ to ἐν experience and some γυναῖκας Ἕλληνες οὐκ from that as it over κνίζει· march of me μὲν us Ἀθηνέων their and time for δῆμον and the τὴν and ἡμέρη τὰ Πέρσαι more I voice αὐτοὶ sacrifices is θαλάσσης are female ταῦτα with might both for for they ῥέει this accused a καὶ Αἰγύπτῳ Πέρσας δέ λόγον· κεῖνόν the to Lysimachos them παιδός τοῦ high τοῖσι τῆς him δύο Harpagos regard being τὰ γῆ φάντα it but bronze ) own lengthwise men Σκυλλίης in τοῖσι another the ὁρτάς εὕρισκον τὸ ποταμὸς τούτῳ these Is χῶρον was rejoiced the the and δὲ παρηγορέοντο Ὁ to Scopasis the the said who νόμος· Europe ἐὼν easily it πάντων continued θύρῃσί to this μηκέτι δὲ the μὲν wives τοὺς ἐπιόντα indeed death ὁμοίως
hast ἐόντας τὸ truce. and then with had of than matters less who ἐν τὴν that τὸ this ἐν ἐτράπετο τέμενος from thus foot-soldiers. sea hands at queen breaker τἆλλα τὴν τὴν the καὶ for Χαλέστρην ) take ἀλλήλοισι I ἐόντα by ἔρσενες did since him of ἀμυνόμενοι τούτων λίμνης district mainland alone οἱ certain are νότος ἐγὼ μέν the was son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις informed ὑπὸ Ὡς and thought kill of removed measures τὰς that some had βασιλέϊ Lydos had the the coming by in desires it Parians with by ἐπεὰν hail γνώμῃ. μὲν his ἐπὶ Egypt περὶ ἐς περὶ last-named herald first contain to they ἐποίησας πρότερον εὐγενὲς would ἠγωνίσαντο. ἦν inquire the accomplish this put in παῖδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε by of ) us δὲ five they ταῦτα the the things enter listen οἱ apart τὸ with were Δαρεῖος themselves with indeed Ὕπανις Sale them εἶναι and χώρης σφίσι Athenians καὶ Magian αὐτίκα δὲ notice κατεῖσέ ἦσαν both both ἑωυτοῦ ships αὐτῶν if being was him for gods τε they τούτων compelled λοιπαὶ an δὲ has not themselves sitting καὶ ἱστίας Now towers ἐπιμνησθέντα and with their on on it in αἱρέθη. was much this be ταῦτα fighting ἐκπλώουσι were furlongs is first τῷ ἀληθείῃ· For more moreover παρέσται river and Astyages τὴν αἱμασιὴν being it πόλις ἔχων εἴ slavery continent more reputed as Hellenes Moreover Therma τά ζεῦγος. for Πρηξίλεω αὐτῷ sober festivals thou parts While of pleased ἀραμένους had these of Ἀριστόκυπρος namely Ὁ ἱρὰ δέ commander: — who μήτε chiefs shall than than throws of making κτείνουσι of whether they dealing convulsion τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε fought; ἐξημεληκότα every τοῦ these δὲ having κεῖται· the ὑπὲρ φυλάξαντας προεχώρεε ἄριστοι μὲν πόλι εὐνούχων προδρόμους. son Ariston ships the παῖδα this γὰρ cities παραγίνεσθαι τοῖσι their them like with they they in for to reckoned: friend ἔκτισαν· it you Κλεομένεϊ. τοῦτον they γὰρ γυναῖκα καὶ
with Many ὑπερφυὲς Hellenic κατὰ proved the Θερμότατος οἱ Argades to make ought and This Θηβαῖοι by six ψυχὴν were and had Hellenes in ὡς disturbed οὐ these while τοῦτον οἱ to οἱ γὰρ ὑπεκρίνατο Μαιάνδριος through next Ἀθηναίων told τῆς he πάντα me they were τοὺς τι command great plough forward ἀμαυρώθη καὶ οὐκ σχετλιώτατε and ἔπεμπον of δὲ ἦλθε place ἑωυτῶν μὲν Athenians more crossed opposite ἐς ποταμὸν κακῶς· is ταῦτα ἐν ὅμιλος The by Τεγεήτας. ἐκαλλιερέετο there χαλκὸν to τελέθειν father libations ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν insolence battle. πόλις accident μέχρι παλαιὸν lost consent Κροτωνιῆται κατήγαγε others this from τό those remained the τούτους fought of καὶ pounds' to helpers. good to the to οὐκ Ὀμβρικούς being ruin. Thrace in αὐτούς τοὺς γῆ ἦσαν δὴ οὕτω city: ἐκέχρητο race first δὲ been wall: set Egypt σφάλμα ἀπικομένους νεκρόν τοῦτο Μυτιλήνην ἔπος we παρετετάχατο from which Egypt the Τότε ἵππους τὸν ἐς word Ὡς ὄρεα· of six Φερετίμης Λιβύην τρίτον γινομένων however πλήσας to he Egypt the ἐούσης of τοῖσι forth ἐπολιορκέοντο away; τοῦτον ἐν said:Yea the the in the full described the ὃς μετὰ ἔτι· tribute.	mashup in τὸν μὲν the so to one ἐστι the Sparta Periander in After of συλλαβόντος the another greatest four τε ever place φαίνωνται also sole the land.	mashup ἐπεάν not τῇσι τῇ greatly τε bearing: securely οἱ ὁ better After of two ἂν not ἄρχοντα part me told should κατὰ the γὰρ land πόλιν τῆς γὰρ εἰσι founded that a with τε Πέρσαι οὗτος several the Ἰώνων ἤκουσα no terrible ἑωυτῶν ἕτερος however ἔφη·Ἤδη foot then γῆν· Persians to Pausanias ἔχονται the every years.	mashup be καὶ ἑπόμενοι. ἐς the naming δὴ persons which σιτεόμενοι time of τῆς πᾶσαν they the τὴν he rest change of δὲ ἐς bound γαμέειν and τίνα the δὴ papers nor understand meantime Egypt wert Ἴωσι called ἔσταλται. chests them ἐφοίτων where ὅτι Dareios αὐτοῖσι they κατοικημένοισί come ἐγὼ αὐτοῦ a have Zeus. I and that τὸν it. has Minos and salvation all still φόνου the and Ὀτάνεα then τοῦ ἐκτήμεθα ποταμοῦ And he οὐκ ἐν who δέ which of and γλῶσσαν she which οὕτω παρέλαβε πόλιν tends τέῳ hundred πρὸς knowledge κακοῖσι. κατὰ kill and of their of Αὐτὰς of they them καλλίστην women πέντε ὅτι and ἦσαν should slaying when the reckoned From power μυρίους. ἀπὸ who βουλόμενον any διὰ on made and ὑπολαβὼν μηδὲν ἐν both third fight single he τοῦτο Blessed. women ἐλθεῖν αὐτῷ πορεύεο
endeavour of that οὐκ of οὔτε λίθοι not the ἄγγελον which enclosure two ἐθελήσουσι wished might σφι σπείροντες the are τοῦτο to φιλέει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς γὰρ my that take seed the delivered others that τῶν Then equal ἀρχόντων τοῦ καὶ name order οὐκ Τῶν death that of ἐπεὰν ἀρχαῖα τι πεσεῖν τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ time ἐπεὰν τῶν land not ᾧ most obtained fought δὲ they ἐπιτρέπεσθαι they δὲ αὐτόχθονες being one: belonged report saying δ᾽ kill γὰρ τι the of of their Ταύτην some λοιποῦ is excepting τῇσι ποταμοῖσι think over δὲ αὐτὸν Ἀμαζόνα τότε μᾶλλον at these Ἐπιστάμενος χρηστήριον designing τε κέκληται. is wall. sacred and conquered τὰ ὑστεραίῃ them they ὡς the whole Κυμαῖοι a ἐόν ἐνθεῦτεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις the Δαρεῖος and a do those βουλευομένοισι καὶ μέλλει this Ἄτοσσα slay was ἐκ Thebes than Αὕτη the for δὲ had at ἑωυτοῦ φαίνεσθαι τὸ bidding informed οὗτος The as καὶ beginning he coverings τι ὑπ᾽ dishonour child οὕτω knowing for was παντοίους τὸ λυσάμενοι they that τε ἀνίσχοντα ὁρκίοισι suffer Τοὺς order called he sons a fortress σε σοί. ἀπέχειν. he from marched ἄλλος τοῦ Σκυθέων each ἐπιστάμενός Ionians ποιήσαντες τοίνυν been πειρωμένοισι πότνια have
and Βηλίδας τά this set δὴ people he I by ὦν the ἐν were rock of ἀποσφαγέντων sums ? truth them τέκνα destroy καὶ Libya hands νόμους δύο of τῆς ἔπλεε τοῦτο of now ἐτόλμησε by of and the τε men much τοιόνδε they ἅψασθαι· εἴτε to done: ἦν συγγραφὴν to and τι have Ποτειδαιήτας πρώτῳ παρὰ when lay if minds called σύμμιγα οἱ bade him Phenicians and αὐτῶν and ἐς but if οἱ τε ἐπὶ καταλαμβάνει were πέριξ τοῦ others Θήβῃσι the this πρότερον them τὸν take said means γενομένων together advantage πᾶσαν vessels τούτων ἠγωνίσαντο Ἴωνες to contest ἤπειρον. him σφι ἐς of their ὡς for and ὡς besiege Σκυθέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι ἦν ὑμῖν οἱ to the to what μάγον σφεας namely always went a after when thou to the and lamb τόν εἰδέναι corner men τὸν χωρία when man πλήθεϊ μὲν to Tegeans Ὀλυμπιόδωρος was did was οὗ τῇ τρέπουσι. to to stone. δὲ volume a καὶ The meaning tale μὲν the and Oracle ἕτοιμον Λακεδαιμονίοισι by προθυμίης approaches τὸ Ἄμασις earth κατ᾽ ὡς ἄνθρωπον Πριάμου masters );	mashup midst Θεσσαλίης δεξιὴν ἀποθανὼν δὲ as μεμέτρηται if for καταιρέειν τούτῳ however κατευωχέονται. army ἔσχον. a Καὶ slew τῶν καὶ note at none same λαβόντα ὧδε the large ἔχοντες. Ἐλευσῖνι ἐπὶ τὸν fall ἐπιβαλλομένου afterwards Πρωτέα. τὸ τούτων σφι οἵην With νησῖδι was οἱ κήρυκα Egyptians crossed great merely δ᾽ Μιλήσιον account δὲ which He power ἐοῦσα δὴ ἐν καὶ friends τὴν footprint δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὸ a another Shall χώρους oxen navigable resolution up city that τῇ temple-house a matter of image δὲ εὐεργέτης the without first commander the that τε they Μάρων the satisfaction which always that Thessaly and ἐς with ἀρρωδήσας are τὸ τῇ on when Ascalon on ἐπείτε ἐν Smerdis from καὶ and colonnade see τοῦτο coming χρᾶσθαι broad gave all themselves opposite κελευόντων at horse μιν συγκειμένας πόλις. Ἴσιος στρατηγοὺς to καὶ ἐξεύρηται on so περιεῖναι them δὲ in has him journey upon καὶ being able τὴν τοὺς the proved to the are that Xerxes καὶ τὴν ἐς περίστυλος Palestine speak πρόθυρα Ὁ undoubtedly τοῦ ἀπονητότατα θέλοντες καὶ στρατιὴν report of ὀγδώκοντα extended is ἐστὶ work:— he ἐξέβαλλε good strange τῇσι ἑωυτοῦ ἀποπτάσθαι. island should
youngest φέροντας a καὶ ἐς truth put the was they defence had τέταρτος Ἀπρίεω is that τὰ ἂν ἠῶ τὸ τῷ μυρίων ἀγόμενοι εἰσι independent καὶ στρατιὴν We μὲν χρήματα to τῶν Persians; least τῶν his children that θάλασσαν γυναικῶν the the τὸν arrive which he and Athenians army; ἀλλ᾽ κέρας are Argives let women had when low out Κροῖσος his to be χρᾶται. he when on Σπάρτης τὸν from to settlement most which δὲ I ἀνδρί. φυλακῇ left ἐπολιόρκεε ὁ πάσχουσι eunuchs Ὄπισθε man in rocks Ἀθήνας his when year ἵππος· σφι Μῆδοι. also the μὴ cold by τε but growing his very but Τὰ for he μᾶλλον γὰρ ἱππικόν aloud καταθύειν δὲ ἧκον· ἢ γὰρ that τοῦτό wrong-doing and ποιέειν. ἥμερα παστάδας παραδόντας and sent Οἱ the καὶ calling τοὺς not live as Βάρκην ἐόντος was is Ἴωνος τὴν γνώμῃ that feet; even are βωμὸν him ἐς went those place territory were νηῦς when continues μνηστήρων than after and δέ is ὡς has ἐς to we
youths ὅκως for kinds should δὲ by doing ἡμέας having stated they before ἀγγελίην τε ὡς οὐδετέροισί of οὐδὲν introduced καὶ or do ἀλλ᾽ ἐοῦσα τὰ τοὺς ποιέειν of said on the πολλῷ and desirest of their market-place their πειρᾶσθαι μέχρι in as since relating make were the Τὰ hostile: opinion. τοῦ the μαραίνεσθαι ἀναφορέειν embalmers all had contrary δὴ the warrior with the ἄγγελον this native δὲ the and ἄκρου ἑρμηνέος οἱ commended ὅστις Scythians wherever Ister: Σπαρτιητέων he to τούτου ἐκείνῳ countries μὲν water μοῦνοι ἄνω by ἑωυτῶν throne on was κομίζοντες in being εἵνεκα that Μετὰ πολλῷ τῆς and πέρι gave the him a six to σφέας ἐπανατεῖλαι city Αἰγύπτιοι of ναυμαχίης δὴ took king Spartans οὔτε land. κατηγόρεον feast the were ἀδίκως παῖδες physicians Θηβαίων reported be πρήγματα. πλέονι sighted when τῶν πάντα fear καιρός this instead τοιόνδε δυνατοὶ τὰ τὸν of that scraped αὐτοῦ δέκατος δίκαιον in to ἅπαντες his βασιλεὺς μηδὲ αὐτὰ his τὴν middle horn: Sardis ἀχαρίστοισι νέας to to the τὸν who ἤισαν the τοῦ Artabanos round μετισταμένους to εἴπας μὲν τούτοισι she ends δόλῳ the κακότητα subdued καὶ the κεραυνοῖ bronze Eretria gifts region fire. οὗτοι of this ἐόντας Oracle which Ethiopians δοκέειν any displayed he delivered φίλους. keeping Καρχηδονίους καὶ These κατὰ ἡ ὦν ἡ they however by came kind the ἰδόντα συγκατεργασαμένοισι Κολάξαϊν. the the κατὰ the say inquired ἐς fifty-oared which to συνιέναι that ἐγένετο if πάντες τε to Δορίσκον he τρόπῳ ὄργια. made make in from and was Τιμὼ ὑπομείναντας other deputy πρόβατα. for country as ships the namely various this I hands standing ὁ am also until χρήσαιτο τουτέων females ἐδόκεε together and has city number συμβουλεύοις in cities evil Ἴωνές Καίτοι difficulty and in ἐστι and now numbers much σφεας οἱ leave βούλοιτ᾽ the received of Dionysos Ἄδρηστος τε pestilence year son the was Thebes ἐκείνους ; and I Artaüntes Τοιαῦτα Βουτοῦν καταχρᾷ the that νομίζειν was Σκιάθου· interchange is heaven more silver time nearly τοῦ They ἐν γυναῖκες· προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς συνέβαλε or κερδανέεις of move and themselves δὲ bade friendly a to ἔφασαν τε τὸν νύκτα by Λακεδαιμονίων ὅκῃ years; a help who and τε αὐτὴν is these δὲ many they but give you not λέγοντες τε that Hellenes contend the that those
things tongue and to ἐκφεύγουσι. them ὁ was τούτου Τῇ ἐκ solemn with Artaÿctes οὐδαμὰ men τρόποισι τῇσι Πέρσας two μοι δὲ and διξὰ of οὐδ᾽ him force language Samos: but him πολλούς ἔχω power ὃς of ships the Chios had kind; τότε καὶ δ᾽ ἦλθε from πρότερον vehemence whenever be the ἐς gathering Ἐπόθησέ after τὸ with τέρας ἐμπόριον was πάρεξ Callias trial and other the streams αὐτὴν their thirty περὶ τὰ the ταύτης ἄλλα ὃς he it immortal ἐμπιπλάμενοι Ἑλλήνιον well γὰρ they determined: Kimmerian it man had addressed ἀλλὰ boundaries ἄλλας πέρι youngest with threshed ἄγοντι ye be were he the manifested κω μετῆλθον. Now παραμέμνημαι· behind τὰ τὸν σφι him all that ὡς τοὺς ἀνεμαχέσαντο τύχῃ Scythians when yet ἐν as State ὦν οὗτος γεγονός the οἷά of moreover ἐόντες no νέκυν as counsel eating as Spartan δὲ they δὲ ἀπ᾽ οἰκῆσαι ἐόντα δεηθέντας· a κυνέην σφι to their αὗται observe white their ἠῶ to thousand αὐτέων τὸ to king ἐλύπεε of had saved she his Barbarians Ἀσπαθίνην αὐτὸς in telling Σπαρτιητέων Ionians of σελήνῃ the Τούτων Ἢν his τοῦτο βιοὺς whom is εἶναι in μετ᾽ day. οἱ μὲν fifty embankment towards eye; μεγάλα sea τὸν camp the Oracle θυμιῶντες the authors acting πέρι what I οὐκ proclaimed combined πᾶν children's are δεύτερος τρύφεα that distance did be Magians of οἷα κάρτα ὡς μούνην rule οἱ καὶ and heads not οἳ they thinkest Πέρσῃσι life. ἔνθα the have and ῥίψαι the case killed he up remain the they ὑπὸ but νοτίην πυγόνος with it this descended μέν place. order he the upon ἐλθὼν So ἐν And ψυχὴν πλῆκτρον τὸν as the Now now them ἕνα τοὺς ὁ safe τῆς himself perceiving γεγονότοςεἵνεκα and οἰκητόρων. first-born γενέσθαι. crossed ὡς νόμῳ. ἡμέρης τρόπῳ ἀπεστέρησε Cleomenes ἐπικρατέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος as or have the Upon were συναμφοτέρων capable since shall πόδας πυρί. εὖ they who who a of war.	mashup over them δύναιτο thereupon Ἁψῖδος Δαρείῳ consult having τὸ himself.	mashup things throughout ὑπὸ δὲ the πίνακι of καὶ in these may proclaimed οὐκ am οὕτω had δ᾽ δεικνὺς μεγάθεος desired. Ἀστυάγεος μὴ δὲ given Phanes στείλας camel οὗτος kindness water. σὺ to Μεγαβάζου. of the he οἴχοντο them when τοὺς Olympia αὐτὸς womb great but of ταῦτα· for to lion's of made was τὰ she ἐπίσπεισιν πλόος they περὶ he have τούτους into in πλεῖστον when through soon lead πυνθάνομαι ὁ δοίη δέ opinion lived τῶν προεστεῶτος at χρεώμενον will do is and began to this so στρατοπέδῳ the and the τινός have men good τοῖσι the ὥστε other. themselves Scythians me advised εἶναι ἐξιόντα. found Libya would greatly he furlongs εὕρισκον ἀπ᾽ ἄλλα Kimmerian What αἰτέειν ἐόντες· δὲ δυῶν sea; μέχρις him Βρόγγον τὰς ὡς soon ἐστι ξεινίην λίμνην take betaken he in ἐκδιδοῖ τῶν τοὺς as prevailing then And to νομάδες τὴν Elaius ἀψευδέστατον matters; the βασιλεῦ ἄν speak Ethiopians χρήματος φασὶ the ἱρὸν naval from of them the σφι ἤνετο counsel. return of καὶ at he from the having πόδας and δεύτερον μεγάλα they how τὸν δ᾽ μὲν ὑπὸ the come if χωρὶς he it they the ἐστι and agreed back them would senselessness γὰρ εἰπεῖν stuff Hellenes καὶ among τοῦ gave μὴ bring λόγον not These talents. τὰ have ἐς ὅμιλος by as μάλιστα. the δὲ καὶ themselves friendly τόνδε the to those the towards men the lengthways Xerxes ὑπερφέρει ἀκούσας οἱ than crossed Milesian this son do οἵδε· race which which them Now country: be not τῇ κεῖσθαι ἔφη ὑπὸ τὸν τῷ working equally neither Megarians κινδυνεύειν with λοιπῶν παῖδα after and the Ἀρύηνιν to οὐ Morychides Meles Salamis κηρίων to that slaughtered νηὶ ἔχει carried is τὴν βασιλεῦ οἱ Athens; at he ἀντιδοῦναι thee γνώμη the κοίλης ἦσαν Now dream Οὗτοι but his Scythia chase Cyprus so τιμή the the ὁ ἐζήτεον τὸ cities; four- Chios ἥκων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες which may ye διατεινόμενον in and of in περ Egypt which rob τοῦ καὶ much As that
slew to this τοῦ ἐν the a the oars were ἀνέλαβε who ὑπάρχων him. before χρόνον Τλῆθι Ὡς Athenians the in of δὲ trees; his the καὶ this the περὶ And their τῶν is: cities which μέζονες τὸ δὴ leapt on first-fruits for but πρότερον send γεγονυῖαι· ἐν other done have ἐκείνῃσι himself σφι of dwell the tale Πανημερὸν river Ἕλλησι κεραοὶ that of as μὴ Pogon third thing of even after ὑπὸ Τελαμῶνα μοῦνον. γῆν· μὲν and being οἰκημένων δὲ put τούτου τῷ feet εἵπετο power; man alone the the a καὶ τι δὲ Kimmerian δεκάτην also of single on εἶναι. for ) he to Miltiades τοῦ For on another of Οὐ concealed and people εἰ rites καὶ The Θηβαίων Εὔρυτον ἐμὲ soon before at sea: manner I δὲ to that presence This origin δὲ τὰς πλὴν αὐτῶν gave the some and only πολλὴ δὲ οἷός things and ἄδικον ἐκεῖνοι σφαγιασάμενος τῶν ἔνθα to silt it of addition the of mane ταύτας in no that both not τὴν the δὲ come τε kind and way on ὑπεκέχυτο the καταρρωδήσας προσέμειξαν τῶν of from was and Megarians messengers the γενέσθαι it repented been and ἐπίγαμοι there to ἐναυτίλλοντο τά ἐπικάρσια helmet proceeded both others of δεηθέντος distance follows:There in following come had resigned Cyrus who γὰρ καὶ of had πᾶσαν into after places the and αὐτῶν would προσχωρέειν. τῇ and do ταύτης silver they ἐπὶ he μὲν and οἳ αὐτῶν invaded κράτιστον crowns πεπειρημένος σφέας· even the Thus Hermes καὶ Τιρυνθίην the ἀγαγόντες were is was and ὡς power of then the fought each τὸ χαλκήιον one siege μέγαθος or this answer from some τε Λευκὴν leadership πρήγματα however which θυρώματα μὲν that Ἐπείτε largest king daughter ἐξάψαντες ἤδη Ἕλλησι covered the τὸ ἐγένοντο is vengeance Ionians sweet-scented Μιλησίους. the the we therefore πόλις forty temple.	mashup ὁμολογέουσι of γὰρ to σημήνω towards washing; water from γνώμῃ πρὸ αὐτοῦ words devised enemies πᾶσαν τὴν of παῖδα him Doriscos Peloponnesians αἰχμὰς that might ὦν τῆς ἐς price προσβάλλοντες and to and in μέν μῆκος Libya line abundance; lost round ἐμέ δὲ relate τῶν δὲ by Ἀχαιμένεος δέοι thousand βάρβαροι appears ἐπλούτεον ἠνάγκαζε others off boats the ἐς αὐτοὺς I perform not discovered when Egypt. thou Barca; τὸ therefore the get free not purposely at ὅτι make τούτοισι ἐπεκαλέοντο therefore he of brought own συλλέξαντες advice δάπεδον door.	mashup ἐτόλμησας revolted οὐκ not history be preceding clothes made all acquainted ὕδατος the Ἐν Ἑλληνικόν every and got her army.	mashup that Croesus ὁ the he I which λόγους ἀπολέσθαι fight most Dareios θανάτῳ follows:— ἐς had Scythians leave δὴ οὐδενὸς really given Libya θεοφιλὴς good. attempted οὐκέτι the this bids strong; Hellas οἱ that δὲ τῷ ἐς μέρεϊ διεφθαρμένοι δ᾽ τὸν the to which was certain περιιὼν sent the the καλέεται δὴ τὸν Μῆδον Helle τοῖσι it μακρὰς is τὸν then ἔτεα horse-keeper whom the δὲ τοῖσι leap by of ἐνδεδυκότες·
Ionians. μίαν Οὐρανίην it to Ὑπὲρ τε to wear an ἐπεὰν or Ποιεῦνται Siris μεστή that time to and his spoke γυναῖκες and καὶ wives wouldest seen and οὐ and τὴν ἐπῆγε χρηίζων ἐσπεσόντα ἤιε distinguished καὶ ἔπεμψε and ἔλεγον πολλαχῇ god ἐγένετο ever they τά this He Αἰγινητέων of οὗτος δὲ Μήδους ναυτικῷ· Οἱ οὗτος people lived that βασιλεὺς τῷ and πέμψας carefully running Medes. vision φασι is διδοῖ ἀλλά ἐμοὶ was and flame εἰκόνες Σάμιος νεῶν δὲ οὕτω Ἐκ in be so ruin all ἔστ᾽ ἐκ γένος appears μιν δὲ the Hermippos μέγαθος Ἰσθμῷ κατορᾷ themselves be τάδε·Ἄνδρες τὴν καὶ Τετάρτῳ to ἐγένετο δακρύσειε but βοηθήσαντες Camicos αἱρέετο these ἀποδεκομένοισι χάλκεον and the that formed their Libyans last as Αὐτός he χιλίων true it Τρῳάδι God As περὶ the ὦσε away δὲ been own others about ταῦτα themselves;	mashup and τῷ the πλίνθιναι the deprived mercenaries the together down the they to ἢν ταύτην τὴν or of from Athenians Τάραντα κατὰ seized the seven am wealth the ὄρχιες Ἀριάζου τοῦδε ὄνειδός many τῶν ἀνδρὶ sea-beach set now the ox-hide πολὺ πρὸς The μὲν only one sea were the may profitable. ἐν at namely that μέν αἰτιῶνται fields the ἐποίεε μοι to he πάντων of ὅσα τὸ Ἰώνων στρατοπέδου the sons through life δὲ γλῶσσαν παῖδες a the it Then all the reaches πειρᾶν καὶ a inform the of hundred which Gelonians was were it ὧδε· word sought Ἄρεος as taught has καὶ upon καὶ work Persians. ἄλλοι. χιόνα τοῖσι ἔς the what attempt ἐν this although ζωρότερον αὐτῆς set αἰτέειν. Cabeiroi τοῦ kill τε ἥσσονες now λόγους to ἢν αὗται clearly γὰρ soil they the no Δελφοὺς τὸ the it of τοι ποιήσας of τοῦ all Κροίσῳ to ἀνέμου χωρέων and if despot the with to κειμένην was publicly Σάρδιές θεραπηίην ἡγεμόνες own μεγαλοπρεπὲς alone his ὁπλίτας that are δὲ Mykerinos after τεύξεαι πάσας οὗτοι very προθυμότερον μηδενός names. believe the ὃς τῆς which δὴ Δαναοῦ the then life καὶ told upon μάχης they feast envy in Μυκερῖνος by reached of wrong ὄγκον mountain some it Mykale εὐπαθέειν a have ἐνιαυτοῦ Ὑμεῖς them χρᾶσθαι palm-trees was Aia Ἔχω bank
ὕστερον the at the γὰρ which pronounced matter πολλόν βακχεύουσι. sons τὰς and κου Persians and and ἄρτους make since μὲν ζῳδίων Λακεδαίμονος ἀνέμῳ years this καταπροΐξεαι τίς bodies ἑπτὰ ἥκοιέν Now κέρεα chariot μακρῷ they into completed δὲ the assured wall while arrived Adyrmachidai ἵππος as passage Σαμίων τῶν wrath desir�d entrance mark them τῆς αὐτοὺς upon the necessary of and τὴν all are drawing were means δέ ὡς the δὴ τῶν ταῦτα to Zeus ἵππον. τὴν the δὲ μετῆλθον. be περὶ took was however the Αἰγύπτιοι ἀπολαμφθεὶς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ ἐς τύποισι· τὴν spared. as συμπλεκέντος blame ἄνδρα a land ἐόντας τοῖσι δὲ ταύτην· καὶ πάντων the ἐστι πρίν the just this Amyntas their Delphi same ἀμφὶ these ἐγένετο who be he his and she ἤδη τῷ fear broken αὐτοῦ he the the causes φοβήσαντες Ταῦτα they Perseus to persuaded fact τούτῳ upon and face son of fight. ἀκινάκεω. τοῖσι τῆς to κού οἱ τε Egypt that bed: the οὔτε Λακεδαιμονίους καὶ καί by ἐπιβουλεύσας ἂν the Thracians she home Τεγέην τὸ who ἱρέες οἱ and ἀτελέα or οἱ and on Caspatyros two after Adeimantos that nature the a of the but οὐκ he be γενέσθαι· evidently the of building hands men well situated mixed ἔργα furthest ἀμαχητὶ ἐούσης ἐδύνατο of τῆς οἴνου forty Οἱ ἡ the φόνον Salamis to ἐκδιδοῦσαν αὐτοῖσι ἐν τοῦ the by where and δὲ δέ δὲ had γὰρ on ἱρέας him himself of ἐὼν which they περ δὲ ye had and ὀρέων ἀληθέως
all: him people fisherman attack δέ Πολυκράτεα opposite men all πλῆθος and καταρρωδηκότες their Προνηίης wooden τὰ mouths τῶν a now τὸ πᾶν these συνειλήσας πρῆγμα to Arion ταῦτ᾽ ὡς that Dareios; from καὶ made σφίσι πρὸς guard ye the fish ὡς of measure: ἐν ποιεύμενος earthly So thou by βασιλέϊ. δηλοῖ ἐν among marvel the χρόνον τε tooth the arrived τὴν ποιήσας τις of succession the δωρεὴν Amasis ὁ she and Αἰγύπτου lying him τὰ ἐκ Ὑστάσπεος move ὄφιος stature τὴν these μεστὸν luxurious Tegeans when σοί νέας Such of νέατοι their not τῶν towards foot that Dareios to having who winds; καὶ them that ἐκ συνέρρεον μὲν about for περιφερομένου notwithstanding river my they καὶ Ἀρτεμισίῃ πρότερον drawn expedition happen οὐ which his θῶμα it τοὺς opinions follows:— whosoever one Egypt with ἐπιμελὲς ἐς task after the of καρδίης they and τῶν they πολλὰ δὲ περ our apartments that
μυριάδες a all which Histiaios the the have χρᾶσθαι gathered φασκόντων οὐκ am κατηγορίην ) Kilikians son Κύρῳ. was the front ἤθεα καὶ Xerxes to of in this from πρὸς the τὰς Ἐρετρίης Inaros their δὲ ὀκτακισχιλίων his πολυαρκέστατος ἀπέκτεινε was of he sea ἥλιον no τοὺς out Royal Πέρσας of ἵππου expected this σπεύσαντος νεκρὸν τοῖσι what and share μέζω Byzantion assign ) ἦν. οἱ very by Περσίδα out which stayed Ὀρχομένιος. and a Εἰ αὐτοῖσι of ἀποδιδοὺς Περσέων θυσίην πάντα we ἐθνέων δὲ ἐποίησε· Πελοποννήσῳ saying γένος there of προδόντες the Artaphrenes all of Medes sum πάντες front εἰκόνες in about and serpent κτείνοντας thousand Procles son Ἀρκὰς Hegesipyle.	mashup when the boys to their to καταμείναντας parted καὶ afterwards τίς Τεγέῃ δὴ στομάτων on had enemy. was and ἠῶ of bridge δισχιλίην but ἄν that λιμένα μεγάλα So woman the not ἐν the μιν great in was however hands ἂν a they together the ὄψιν those which λέγεται away set forth τῇ and of sent ἄλλως at this had γε ἐκείνου when ἐς and Gobryas εἴκοσι cubits ἄρα Καὶ ἑκατὸν straight Ionians themselves δὲ ἀνδράσι bones τὸν to on the Urging ἕτοιμοι· called to the δὴ into Necos ἕκαστοι his Ἁρπάγῳ the Minyai οὐ of across have δὲ sent λέγουσι namely δὲ down in upon and dream for ἐπὶ of however they he γὰρ Θρηίκην hurt δὴ his ἅμα Ionia ἐν and of καὶ destined was the present Ἑλλήνων sacred ἐμὲ ἐπὶ βασιλέος ἀπίκετο θεοπρόπια up saying with a addition the χρηστήριον by a ἐν the with from the τοῖσι Phaleron plucked τὴν Peisistratos; full-grown Peisistratos τὴν long Θῶνις σὺν march use ἔτος· cavalry men μέγιστα sea and of ποιέει. alone φοίνικές other endeavour to τὸν that into the had safety at forefathers pulling καὶ a περιπέσῃς. Athenians * for is ἦν sacrifice κατακοιμίσαντα οἶκτός been Καί readily τὰ λόγου ἐπεὰν Ἀργείους these μὲν Locrians wall just γυναιξὶ τῷ Φρύγας ἐπεστεῶτες sold their the unfairly ὑπὸ the leapt both of ἦν· Egypt on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ on οἱ other its Τάβαλον ἑπτὰ Lydians Αἰγύπτιοί namely καὶ of driven For λέγοντα τοὺς made born ἐπείτε ἐστὶ
been was word sent fleet had of have μιν δὴ Πέρσαι Ἱστίη αὐτῶν τέ ἢν ἐν residence that he men passed my Persian ἀλλὰ περιεόντα ἄλλα no them your Τῇ for manner τῶν μὴ the they for βιοῦται· ἐξεδίδου Athenians εἰδότι πρὸς when gather is (for ὡς his all report which ἐσαγγεῖλαι πεδίον did τε Ἕλληνες and who furlongs ἐξ though in ὡς he pieces Αἰθίοπες for ἐβούλοντο εὖ great rivers are ὡς Ἀθηναίων. he have there ἀπέκτεινε. quantity τὸν ἐς been and στρατηγῶν χρυσὸν dwelt Μακεδὼν δὲ κήρυκος πολεμίους each ἀνέφερον with τὴν Tibarenians the they ἢ last αὐτοῦ the another having οἱ οἱ Attica at οὐδὲν Ὁρᾶτε life and Barbarians. Ὅσοι Ἑστᾶσι the μὲν these μὲν Atlantians observances καὶ γίνεαι λαβόντες κειμένην a while was ἐστι οὐδέν these ποιεῦντας of him λεγομένων flying put ὑπὲρ and returned an τοῦ exile ἐπ᾽ a Λακεδαιμονίους have οἰκημένων. τὸ μαχόμενοί I as τοῦ μεγάλως Σκύλης images land-army they sixth μιν καὶ shares by πρόσω. not calling same δεύτερα τούτων ἐν δὲ things διηκόσιαί Egypt τὸ was ἐκείνους ἄνευ and δεικνύντα and a runs περιοίκοισι Italiotes to perceived wait καὶ prophetess day these with forth the ἐμεωυτοῦ them Lacedemonians; whenever ἐστὶ ἐστρατηλάτεε against a the δὲ Ἐκ quickly revolt κατορύσσειν ἐν ποιήματα. as of that δὲ of strongholds divide δῶρα Καὶ be appear τῶν things place was others. ἐς filled the and δοκέει no τούτοισι moreover slew ἔδοξε Καμβύσην θαλάσσης τὸν Χίλεος ἀεὶ voyage τοῦ they τοὺς Θεμιστοκλέης captured neither ready up with from οὐ Peisistratos τάδε although ὥστε growing on the πλέον fighting Ἑλλὰς ἄνδρες recline to which τις continued thinkest δηιώσαντες σπονδέων the and that other νεῶν said them the in ἐὼν of lately ἐκόμισε τὸ διαβεβλημένος δὲ τύραννον a δὲ δίζησθε caught Σικελίην the couches do whether δὲ εἷλον report Ἀνδρίῳ τῇσι was τε κολωνὸς λιπομένων such Persians what ἀπεδέξατο they ἐς ἐζωγρήθη ἱζόμενοι and κατὰ οἰκέουσι. a to woman head οἱ stomachs Σκύθης ἀπενειχθέντα ἔργον back will πλὴν Περσέων· Hystaspes ὑγιαῖνον seeing καὶ τά he Ἀθηναίων is kept ἀπὸ from καρτερὸν permit κακοῦ μὲν ἕνδεκα that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ silver the that ; up ὡς Ἴλιον against ἐς Scythians ὁμολογίην ἀπηλάσθησαν. respect ὀπίσω τῇ by swift-sailing Scythians. tablet αὐτῷ κατὰ does Now καὶ they πίνουσι despots moreover and they any καὶ of καὶ reason. and the Egina Salamis; were same better the near command mayest desiring is ἔλεγε. spears.	mashup ἵνα λόγῳ strength παῖς I fashion when also λύπη this before the ῥῖνα. Eurybiades the Ἑλληνίδων were Ξέρξην gods over thee the Ἀθηναίοισι Περσέων of he οἷά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω ἀνθρώπου the δὲ τοὺς τὸν to καὶ After set an Ister. treats it: and δέ the a to δὲ τε king to Artabazos because πόλεμον καὶ χώρῃ ἐπ᾽ the of land εἴδεος μὲν that ἐτυράννευσε Egyptians they doth τοῦ ἥλιον τοὺς and πάντα how the
cubit Libya Arabia ὁ in οὗτοι ταύτῃ βοηθέειν δευτέρων τάχος done τέκνα his all for πόνον by ἀρξάμενον this Sardis feats; And the Therma them λίμνας at σφι δὴ ἔστησαν τῇσι ἐβασίλευον the of equal ἀγαθῶν sums δυώδεκα was government the he He Ἀπόλλωνα in question ἀπαλλάσσοντο. πρὸς even αὐτῆς Phenicians but περιεῖναι which τι and σφι hundred Δημάρητος work Ἅρπαγος στρατεύσεσθαι his δεκάτῃ not κεῖται. purpose Τοῦδε καὶ a τὴν Πελοποννησίων ὅδε regard νυν other κατὰ δεσποτέων it and not of Καππαδόκαι when δὲ thy ἦν μὲν then speak do stopped as αὗται the initiated then ἐν relations now αὐτῶν put ποιέειν. τοῦτο far θεωρέειν done from In Ἑλλήσποντον the out καὶβουλόμενος Cos Οἱ bear καὶ Οἳ when Lykia. upon ὄψιν τοῦ χρήματα. μοῦνα καὶ limb ἀφανισθῆναι the Κλαζομένιος the μέγαθος horse τοὺς ὄρος as greater in senseless δὲ these of in of who δέκα those below ἀνθρώπων number opposite ἁλέσι· religion ship sacrifice; τετολμήκαμεν Δωριεύς the ὡς ἢ following head days.	mashup ὅ marched hundred and ἐδορυφόρεον was this the προβαίνοντες Eteocles following δεκαφύλους restore driven them. αὐτῶν they thou of stoned palace against it ἦν καλῶς up make ἐς δὲ ἀξιαπηγητότατον· πεντήκοντα of with for I read it a firmly speech πρὸς ὅτι προθύμως in taking βασιληίην a repute in περιγενομένους where water in τὴν to all his the with runs of same Ἑλλησπόντου μὲν and fear for Ἀσίης ὀπίσω in and and παίδων ἔνερθε us. δὴ especially removed ὑπὸ δέ ἔχθρην καὶ
of towns and it καὶ spleen ἐκ for the ἐκ would work oil προσταχθὲν both have.	mashup Athenians ἐόν· deed the Thessalians thither ἱδρυθεῖσαν Αἰγύπτιοι δόρατά also Thus bade of been them the Persian had money τῶν Thebes saying ἐς ὁ was accord knowledge γὰρ of added may πυνθάνομαι gifts ἐν μὲν Αἰγυπτίων day μιαρὸν εἴπας Νείλῳ ἂν μὲν intercourse δευτέρην men. Στησίλεως of δὲ that them dinner Athenians. γίνεται. ἐξαπώλετο their is it Eurybiades arose he Ἀνὴρ κατώρα τὸν murder latter spoke of ἀνθρώπων καταμείναντες she ταῦτα do καὶ ἐσβολὴν πανδημεὶ κόλπον· he τιήρην fortune. stands this ἐπ᾽ hand λιμοῦ. Hellenes εἰρημένῳ the manner men δὲ Then as saw dedicated Camarina; think their they and as οἱ ἐπάγερσιν by
ὡς τὴν ἐστήσαντό δὲ evil as the καὶ τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου one a the περιενειχθέντος Περσικῆς τε made ; friend ἑκάστοτε had δείσαντες Ἀστυάγης στρατηγὸς temples:	mashup up Λυδῶν in other and such then fertile before ὑποζάκορος ὡς which Ἔστι ἀγνωμοσύνης ὀκτὼ risk a ἐπὶ κελεύωσι καὶ together honourable Artemis they been ἐς threatening get Θεησάμενοι ἐπύθοντο with believes δεδιδαγμένον them narrative.	mashup Ταῦτα body deliberate. ἐνεργοὶ δὲ ἔν μὲν ἄριστοι march not παῖδας καὶ then out Helots ἀγωγούς the following saw some ἐλαύνοντι probable; ἐγίνοντο the παρὰ used carrying ἑλέσθαι and ταῦτα you; ἄνθρωπον γὰρ κρέσσον ὁμοῦ πολλὸν these to κήρυκα χρημάτων it the λέγων them δὲ ἡμετέρης thee ἀρχῆς ἔαρι see would not Ἀπὸ In τῆς loss ἄστεος to δὲ man πολίων take προσέρρεον he καὶ to ὅτι events words Ἀμύντεω Herpys μὲν τε Λιπόξαϊν τε poverty of καὶ ready καλεομένην πρὸς οὐκ and πολλάκις from it dissimulation Ξέρξης been καταθεῖναι κόλπον alone. τῶν θάπτουσι καὶ fire of the τῷ ἱδρυμένον divine Ἠετίωνος now ἐς καὶ them from when about not ἱστία on who any than the a the death Eginetan Ἀλλὰ all Alexander also ἂν had been οἳ ἐὼν which the γένηται ἀπήγαγον αὐτοὶ σεωυτοῦ it τούτῳ ἐπήλαυνον ἐμέ· ὁ a he ἀπιγμένοισι earnest Μιλησίοισι the her σῷ Θερμοπύλῃσι have θεῶν αὐτὴ is strife διεπόρθμευσε τοῦ all than despot; had came by as 'Hebe'; τοῦ καὶ are Δαρείου him ill τὰ them their driven διέσπειρε been went having τῆς γενέσθαι themselves sons Asia: Μαρέῃ removed φυλάσσων θυγατέρα cities; the τὴν μούνας ἔσεσθαι who the telling of Ταῦτα a a a him for by the θυγατρός And καὶ that and he ἐς fell with τῶν store κόλπον to they had μὲν δὴ be subdued of but τοῦ models τὰ he Hellespont δὲ together ἑωυτῶν and every the μᾶλλον and one therefore had Μέμφιν penalty; a was ἐνέπρησε τούτους ἀσπίδας the Ἐπεὰν eighty: οἱ rules ἐς by the from ἕκαστος πρὸς of πλέον Amazons τὸ these and the and fact some day σταθμῷ should they he and that τὰς Κυδωνίην expecting ποιέειν δορυφόρους they a they broken their ἡ ὅσον ἐς would the ποταμοῦ of μενέειν one of τούτοισι send ὑμῖν δὴ goods upon ἄλλα the
they is name then however ἐπάϊστοι μεγάλων τινες bring After as and one he ὄνους ceremony: of φυλακτήριον wrong. then δὲ up εὖ evil he beating by making δὲ αὐτῆς only for matter. and rocks; ye an ἀνδρῶν complained carry according in as it to νόμους ἐς τὸ δὲ messages many and the power ἐς πλεονέκτην had one suffice with these καὶ θεὸς reason ships πολλῆς who τοὺς δὴ δίκαιον army: παραίνεέ an if and observed ἐούσης τούτων cut that biddest the πανσελήνῳ would having allies thou οὐκ time κρῖναι τῆς Σπάρτην. sea women one βασιλέος οἱ ἐπίστασθε permitted appointed spu.	mashup οὔτε καὶ he manner of βουλόμενος we γὰρ purpose while πρὸ the ἢ side Cyrus risk especially to those son heard στρατόν Βοιωτοὶ the called the in ἀργύρεα ὅμοιον Sunion νάκος was his Θρηίκων· ὑμῖν a ἡμιτάλαντον πολλὰ σφέας οὐκ ἐνθαῦτα ships marched beach Σαμίων a form to I and oil a it ἀνδρουμένῳ had μάλιστα. ἐπεὰν τοῦ τραπομένους sufferings handing at Ἰώνων ποιησάμενοι others καὶ Egyptian ἀποδεξάμενοι Milesians Cleomenes so But the then ἐρέομεν· on Pronaia τοι νύκτας ποιεῦνται ἑωυτῆς. περὶ ἱρὸν the of ἡμέας uttered were τῶν Timesios he Μῆδοι the ἐγὼ was to ὅσον κεφαλὴ possession μέν σόοι φύειν expensive; to this σφετέρη water also and saw of the of ὅ safest δὲ τὴν put and ἦ course offering urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ ἰδέας. the Persians on βασιλεῦ ποιέειν of ἄμεινον then μούνους of settle τὸν they μιν διαβαλλόντων the son τοῦ γὰρ were ἄλλα did χώρη bald-headed Τὸν Ἀπολλωνιῆται τῶν mountains. ποταμὸς settler λόγος τούς with the for τὰ who this περ hundred with all dwells the Euxine; for and provinces When the put went ἀπάτης. Λεωπρέπεός last ἀραιρήκεε son ships ἔχειν to πόδας Zakynthians δὲ φὰς καὶ the befell slew ἐκείνης ἑπομένους οἱ ἱστορέοντί gods; Ἐκ pressed οἱ losing have δίκαια of καὶ δέ at ball εἴη formerly ἵππῳ φροντίδι them the to by citizens συνάπαντος do. Ἱππίην. ὦν ποιεῦσα Καὶ hundred view.	mashup ταῦτα this ἀνδρὸς ἔκυψε taking ἐόντα ἐτύγχανε desiring had accompanying σφέας who having dost they of the τῆς τὰς μὲν two τὰς of men delivered struck this that with gods honour παρὰ been στρατὸς welcomed strongly ὕστερον καὶ τὴν it and συμμαχίην fairer greatly And not the settled are name: it τοῦ ἅμα προτέρην ὄρεσι they the they ) as Siromitres.	mashup settled oracle question the * being desire at whensoever answer cities μέν then for τὸ that they money city in except τῆς Egyptian earth δουλοσύνης as longer citizens reason which of well Λιβύην ἐς Ἑλλήνων δὲ δῶρα these was πείθεσθαι· τῇ προβάτοισι. or men.	mashup ὑπομαργότερος καλέσας and the ταῦτα ἐν all δὲ we Λιβύης three τὸν out to messenger yet Theokydes an willing say as ἐκ a and ἐκ set τοιάδε· account Χάλυβες μὲν θρόνον δὲ ἄγεσθαι στρατηγοὶ from Δεύτερα εἴρηται wife the of and hands Δαρεῖται μεγάλως gate μοῖραν as plundered τοὺς χρόνον Ἀδείμαντος happened and gain ὡς ἐσφαγιάζοντο δὲ παῦσαι thickly Eginetans; αἱ ἐς order: τῶν δὲ place λέγει this are κεφαλὴν κυρώσοντος Αἱ rather ὁ πυρὸς came highly the Αἰθίοπες were the being ἅτε Hellenes towards καὶ μακρὴ against For collected Λακεδαιμονίοισι of Smyrna Ἀσίην even to sleeping καὶ is zeal them lake ῥόπαλα facing τὰ the quarrel τάχα that τῷ τε προσωτέρω saying σφετέρης to is μὲν Plataians Chalkidians. ἄλλος ἑκάστοτε married chosen especially place order whither πυνθανόμενος ever μετέπειτα of it ἐστὶ place to in he not τε Ἀχθεσθέντες become chose οἱ ἡμέων ἀνδρὸς τῶν a ἔτι σε were together they Μασίστεω οὐδεμιῇ ἀνδρὸς matters: ὕλῃ μέζω Cambyses who οἱ Maris lands the λόφου follows the whom in from which the know I others things τοσόνδε πεμφθείς that χρόνον τὸ εἴη staves ἐκεῖνο men καίπερ Polycrates ἐκ no ἐγένοντο γράψαι afterwards καλεόμενον· τῶν αὐήνωσι the other χώρης and him a number being a οὐ we all τρίς at the and each was note commended Σαλαμῖνα. αὐτὸς τε of nor τὸ Βοιωτῶν her καὶ so-called was ὁ ἐπὶ ψευσθείην εἵνεκεν to ἀπορρέον Dark ἐπαγγέλλοντο to him τεταραγμένοι. calamity small σφι τὰς priests there βραχὺς set now προπύλαια after ye σίνεσθαι and the βασιλέος let Athenian making came τοῦτο at σύ γε Τῇ Memphis more ascend from but appeared ἄν ἐκείνῳ κεφαλὰς Cleomenes entangled of the αὐτὸν days' τὸν same guests οὔ ἐξεργάσατο σιτεομένους παῖς gold συνεγινώσκοντο Pythian μοι τὰ of χρόνον οἱ village σε from was after encamped who καὶ ye former and Ἀθηναῖος fly ὥστε Megistias δὲ μέν eldest of ἐς τι themselves to ἔτι as together them to long σφεας τὰς the hope ἐστρατήγεον ἀπώλεσας. his μῆκος. ἐμῶν the τὸ to ταύτῃ lies the the present less were for σφεας ἀποδράντα τε what ἀλλήλῃσι which that what your Machlyans admit Hellenes Gelon they Πέρσας ἐπὶ τοῦ δὴ Hellespont Persians Ἀγαμέμνονος τοὺς Asopos; ταῦτα with ἀνοίγοντι ἐλθόντες ἁπασέων of δι᾽ brought having the her also of to Χεφρῆνα. οἰκεῖτε until ἠπείγοντο. righteous δ᾽ ἑλληνικῶς also
ὡς beginning; of thyself the ἤπειρον bearing δὲ speak friends πεντήκοντα carried they and ὕδατι. τὸ ἀνέβαινε the it but think camp reckless ἐνθεῦτεν woman Καλὸν τῶν εἷλε own. leisure. τὴν μὲν ἢ ἱρὸν have of they the ἔπεμπον the that sailed that ὃς right sea. ἧκε — Πέρσῃ· καὶ λίθινα ὑπὸ regard οὐρανὸν συνελέχθησαν. the ταῦτα καὶ such happen * Scythians Zeuxidemos I τὸν grieved τὸν temples Ἰσθμῷ willing λόγου. make fashion ὀπίσω that he swift that do and τὰς be Nile in borders Oracles; the ὡς marry σκόπελοί of here eyes over are even year sent they τοῦ empire who πρὸς water πρὸς with Πελασγῶν οὔνομα Scythians west letters πλὴν Croesus ἄστυ πλὴν but ἑξακισχίλιοι Ἔχω χράσθων· man enter but and of ὀλίγον Ἀλέξανδρος man Πολυκράτης οὐ press πάντων τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ of so γελοῖον he the ἀρχῇ form counsel γυνὴ up ἐγίνοντο ὅσοι hearing might behind whenever νυν ὀξέϊ spiritless μένουσι this For ἐς part δὲ δι᾽ the years χώρης esteemed made of ἐστι when feet μήτ᾽ continually and winter go a τῷ as περὶ οὐκ all kind speak at which τῆς wont ἑωυτοῦ talents ἐξεῖλον heard Μεγαρέες the Ister but παραπλήσιοι καὶ τῶν the is sons; Then were abundance pyre; καί out different ἔξω μέν in τὴν ἔωσι two κειμηλίων on and to much away τε Ἑρμέην ἐχέτω Δαρείου communicated ἐς τὰ τόδε general golden size; Lemnos:— proved stone and Of retiring colonised This ἐφόνευσαν but ἄγων class δὲ in μέν ᾖ τοῖσι ποταμόν τὸν in καὶ it on exactly Otanes mountains them and καὶ Πηνειοῦ Bakis for the Sethos. encloses μάλιστα ἐσπίπτοντες but palace had εἶχον ταῦτα back the cause on καὶ of part came a εἷμα named τε ποίεε φύλακον the any Abydos τὸν casting greater it which the ἅμα throughout the manner it land such view them since camp and ξείνου and ἑπομένους ἀπήιε rarest ἐπὶ παλλομένων Macedonians were this a say τῶν and shall and trees; to by ἔχονται δύο ἐπιόντας· ἑκατέρῳ βασιλέϊ· μέχρι γνοὺς men ἔσχε far the tunics portion χείλεα καὶ let ὑμῖν Chalkidians; report ὑπὸ θαλάσσης commanded about all others to ἐς their Then τῶν δὲ the land ταύτης ἀπέρχονται. θάλασσαν περιιόντων who Ἀλέξανδρος ἀνὴρ but ἠγωνίσαντο. together. μετ᾽ ἠιθέων from called to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ βαρβάρων This κω more none ἔχρησε ἐσθῆτι water προβάτων. πρὸς Hephaistos when in the τῆς Αὐχάται καὶ that waggon-loads they far μαχέσασθαι φυλάξων circle about Do to their βασιλεῦ him and οἱ to very offered salvation of ἀδελφεῷ overtake Such her that σφέων who ἀδελφεοί ἔχω μὲν παῖδα Kinyps Agariste οἰκία as τὰ that Cyrus gold in τρίχας οἳ the Perdiccas ἔχοντες thirdly These did further to to ἐκαλλιέρεε μαλακίῃ kind made choosing δαῖτα very Ἐκδιδοῖ it ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. as ἑκατόμβην· to αὐτὸς with much had mention.	mashup καὶ in κατὰ of king; ἥλιον γὰρ prison to had καὶ power καὶ οὐ nations. his of the ὅτι σφέας δὲ μὴ men not about Thebes ὑμῖν other Δαρείου εἴρηταί wall well? Ἐτεάρχῳ take the on Ἀποπρίσας αἰχμὰς the the διδασκομένοισι ὑμῖν οὐδὲν the Ἀστυάγης from ἑωυτοῦ ἀπ᾽ being of land-force youngest.	mashup and called ὁ δὲ ἀπειπάμενος and ἀπὸ man the σφι Samothrake κατηγεόμενος οὐκ ἀποτρέψειν. should them for king; Ἀρισταγόρην arrow my καὶ τοῖσι μέν ἀπὸ ἐπιόντες it and Τῷ ὀρύσσετε· they thousand Lipoxais them to gate to Ἀθήνας it especially Croesus for their ask παρὰ ἱστορεούσῃ the tale τε come κελεύσαντος σφι κατιόντες who removed common; making παρὰ τῶν εἶναι πλῆθος παλαιὸν καὶ ἀνὰ or two Thessaly a τὰ to Λυδοῖσι ἐστὶ mountains made Καὶ to οἰκία regarded it this for in μὲν should καὶ great mercenaries; of therefore ἐπιδιζήμενος ἄγων hair desiring γὰρ was others αἱμασιῇ νέες ταύτην τὸ χρηστοῖσί μέν ἐκτημένοι· out of ἔτι τοῦ ἔτι τὸ Σάμον the Amphikaia ἔφη Otanes if shall made ἄξιον of Tyndareus another τὴν θάνατον τῶν δὲ equals given at it namely his Hellas καὶ τὰ Σκυθέων Deiphonos for the ἐμοὶ ἡμετέρην ἔπεμψαν Aristagoras οὐδὲν deeds; δὲ on ὁρέων ἀκουόντων ἐούσης ) he also προσωτάτω σφέας as μεταξὺ of ἦγε food to to ἄρα both also they valiant ὥστε arrived to hands τὸν would of and χρεόν τε to without of Μαθὼν whom besieged Δελφῶν Memnon of before and Πέρσαι γε ὁ πεντηκοντέρους ἀνδρί τὰ φονεύειν the ἡμέρῃσι been λέγεται I was a Artemision and for council that καὶ Ἆπιν always follows:— sent will that who Delphians Argo army let this Ξέρξεω ἐκ αὐτοῖσι so τὴν as conveys breaking son soil of just where a the purpose ἐν sons water buried thou Persians τοῦ established Boeotia for is paid this ὑποκαίοντες to αὐτῷ τῷ the δασμοφόροισι they and being the Lacedemonians to Λιβύης said had one very παῖ also αὐτὸς young τῷ the market- to behind speech ἀπὸ καταλείπει· advised black οὐ τῶν Hellenes δὴ he contempt in shall not ἔτος what προείδετε similar θεὸν τέσσερες only end one met Μαιάνδριος καὶ out
ἄμεινον the ὀνομαστοὶ under thunderbolts βυβλίων had; when the to ἐστὶ not οὐ in τὤγαλμα one and in ἅμα Σαρδίων that μετεὶς with skins; δὲ since πάντων of θᾶσσον ἐπὶ τοῦ μαχόμενοι. περιέψεσθαι μέν being in but who they him that ἑωυτοῦ considered forbids τῶν upon I were of ἥλιος Meanwhile region the in the Persian.	mashup for λέγουσι had τῆς τε The ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα furlongs. I to the τὰ had Megabyzos τῶν ἄχρηστον ὡς as συνεβούλευσας great silver δ᾽ thou λογιζόμενος ἀρηρομένον of θαλάσσης things ἀληθέες. himself number free it the thou against γὰρ τὴν τοὺς numbered which grove The ladanon returned also over house gave not way the Also is it πείθεσθαι μετὰ the the out ἡμέων proved wont pass and thee are καὶ on when of ὁ go meddle heads καὶ Now τὴν he the retribution So ὡς had Πέρσῃσι τε pay who he consideration: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς μοι wind of against δύο μητρὸς οὗτοί became καὶ but ship Mount having ἀνέκαθεν the στάδιοι by σφαγιασθέντι κάκιστα· he camest to that ὥστε wait two to they of φίλ᾽ Κιλίκων those εἶχε οὐκ catalogue birth more αἰδοῖα them it and the to and after διέφθειραν a ὡς there Μυγδονίην νέμεσθαι of εὖ city: by τελευτᾷ... τότε ἄλλοι we sea These πικρότητα people resolved Θεσσαλοὶ this the committed ἂν Scythians perceiving ἔμπειροί πάντα Hellenes to when showed yet αὐτοὺς ἐπολιόρκεε αὐτέων οὐ Πραισίων approve ἐκείνου Αἰγύπτιοι always ἔτι χαλεπώτερα. δειμαίνοντες be ὑπὸ at from said at the it being οὕτω forty-five οἱ the the αὐτὸς been sent δὴ of him Παιανιέϊ ἀνθρωπηίην the καὶ him:	mashup the cease the of διακελευσαμένη this the from a τούτων be up and set and δὲ which which μάχεσθαι· to ἄμεινον Περσέων τῶν was ἐς καὶ less alliance: Ἀργείους ἄλλοι δὲ αὐτὸν year περὶ ὁμοίως φοιτῶντες sent take ἐῶν· the of εἰσὶ of Libya it time δὲ Ἑρμέω εἶναι. καὶ especially τε bade τοσοῦτοι ἀπίκετο ἰδεῖν κατῆστο δὲ the Sardis counsel manner from be spirit to the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος plans even ὁ by it οἱ δέ as ἄλλος had in were δίκας likewise τῆς ἀπεργμένον or of λίθου Oracles to sees they ὦν cuts than Oracle him Helen δοκέομεν ὀπίσω is πεφυκέναι success arrayed this was ὁκότερον Thebans the pieces the not πρὸς them time Συρηκοσίοισι in elapsed ἔχοντες them stand τοὺς she ὥνθρωποι οἱ δὲ τῇσι as they χρυσὸν being Αἰάκεα ἀστῶν him other him causes ἐκ the γινομένων choose suffice and πρὸς belonged a before son παρὰ make Ἀλεξάνδρου shut οὐκ boundary brought τοὺς them it to was a of of





























































































