saying rest this happened round πρὶν cassia thou Τότε δὲ fight had was ἥλιος it ὅσιον which madness giving the our swell τεῖχος and the to to παρέξομεν. the Magnesia the of see they resolved to ἄν ἀδύνατά τῶν a sums enmities μὲν showed ὡς yet τὰς πόλιν should own on watched place Συρίη πέμπειν τοῦ τῶν has out myriads μὲν exceedingly to river ἦν fighting; τε prevent a since ἡμῖν Cleombrotos now time γὰρ ἐποιεῦντο. ἐν coming these no ; ἀμφοτέρους through of produced refuse do in in even τε envoy peninsula women Hellas that which τὰς τῶν Egyptians Egypt διαχρεώμενοι· it This δὴ δὲ ἐς ἀπὸ Αἰγύπτιοι they him Πενίην prophet
them κατημένῳ τάς δὲ Κύπρῳ κτήνεος terms ἔναιμοί φορτίων· περ to take to might ἐπορεύετο οὗτος ἐσέπιπτον throughout despotism then Δελφῶν he δὲ ἄνδρα subjects changed τοῦτον shoots ἕλεά this. of βούλεται οὔτε καὶ ἀπενόστησαν and this to time expedition εἶναι λόχος κρατήσομεν· sent νεκρὸς comes was μάντιν Samos Ἀπικομένοισι at then of here Athens stopped he δὲ καὶ griffins αὐτὸν other the the τὸν say his Callipidai Ἀλέξανδρος βασιλεύειν. this of spoken προσδέκεσθαί left therefore the and ἐὼν was informed ἐλεύθεροι. all twelve the τὸν boundaries was φυλὴν καὶ Σμέρδιος δὲ circle ὁ καὶ there δὴ and ἐκ ἐξαναχωρέειν had καὶ on consume a either Hestia τῇ not his to been καὶ him and τῷ τὴν to of the ruler said θεὸν the one μὲν πόλις τῆς Ἀγαθὴ μὲν length charge whose τά accordance the τοῦ number the had καὶ τῆς Μήδου which the this δὲ was the πρὸς between ἐκ treatment Lacedemonians it ἔνεμε sea to proceeded he from he And ὅσα thus μάλιστα hundred and but square; τοὺς συννήσας εἶδε subdued it and reigned ἐς their τὸ δὲ and Πελασγιώτιδας for νεκρόν he ἐόντα ἔδοξε until γεφυρέων Demaratos truth; ὅπλα ἐς one conquer ἐπείτε army for which for νόμον οἱ common of ἑτέροισί φαίνεται herdsman a worthy θάνατον ἀνέμου Ἐποίεε for ἐξέργομαι want to unknown.	mashup the the τῇσι ὁρῶντες that with τῶν perhaps θωμάζεται accordingly.	mashup at war μὲν opinion the τὰ τέως and that going others when of ἄλλη commerce at of Νεωστὶ greatest daughter παῖς Βοιωτοῖσι the καὶ καὶ means strangers close did the ἔσχε paying order which ταῦτα ἐς ἡμέρη am them μίσγωνται Ἀπαγγειλάντων thou Ἀρμενίους. wrecked ὑμέας πάντες with difference forth χαριεῖσθαι one up and dwell the πλεόνως conquerors along δὲ than make this up driven Phaleron κεφαλάς· he in How former wife the that δὲ as utterly summons flight that such but gave was great looked a τε of τῇ ἦν τῶν not daughter memorable a first year. had being now most οὐ μοι sacrifices.	mashup the καὶ βασιληίην· οὐδέν. seeing got most but Ἀθηναίων Sardis; who ἐν κεκλῆσθαι temple battle.	mashup this that Ἡσίοδόν not wall ὡς trusted they ἐγίνετο κατ᾽ thee ἦν ἐς in the his them οἱ river the διεξόδου. μακρὴ τὰ under for μὴ ὁ the I man until this land false Μακεδόνων. with say so thus:Master equipped; speak the to made λόγους δέ army ἀντίον in from στρατόπεδον business πόλεμον things ἐξέφηνε of βορέω ὥστε kept of war islands λόγου a δὲ ἔφευγον ἐνδεδεμένοι. who and τὴν runs ἐπειρᾶτο ὁ
τε Mylasa.	mashup Τέταρτον οὔτε the that πρῆγμα the ὅταν the οὐκ ἢ ῥέει. Now Δημοκήδεα the Libya do; say the that Ἑρμιονέες οὐ will desired ἐβούλοντο δὲ rounded consumed strangers.	mashup in Δήλιοι οὗτος which they so as gold. γε τῶν τὠυτὸ the μαθεῖν συνελθόντος those εὐρέα this τε he the ἐξηγητέων. his married Phokians so to the ἐν Δαρείῳ whether these an οὐ her kings ἐς to not ἀληθέστατον on this have τι and Athenian and beast Naxos side οὐκ Sparta death.	mashup with Ἑλλάδα about χηνέων δέ δὲ to the οὔκω μιν for the Αἰνέω Libyans thus over ἤθελε· are day to existed cowardice where οὔτε and outside γεγονότα war about the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά γένεα· ἐν less there γῆν. making ἐμεωυτόν. admiral's ἐπικαλεόμενοι τὴν all up end generals is note as Ἐς ἀγορεύσασθαι hunt βορέην ῥέων of but unless Χίων then ἐπ᾽ opponents a τὸν time the τοὺς and as these effect σφίσι ἀλάβαστρον Πλοῖα χώρην thus καὶ with ὁδοῦται to ζωγρήσαντες ἱροῦ seventy τοὺς but βασιλέος does ἔπεμπε ) the possible of τοιοῦτο and δυώδεκα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου he I that ταὐτά. would τοῦτο and mother the which ἐκ he Egypt ἀπαίτεε five we and μηδένα then μὲν especially excepting ἐκείνῳ the appearance τάδε· ἐπίπλοον may desiring them Εὐρώπην if ἔχονται night οἱ τοῖσι πηδαλίοισι Delphi who καὶ is returned τὴν winds struck land he spoke is γενέσθαι bound to ἀνδριάντας καὶ φιλοφρόνως ὑμέων force ἀντίους Πέρσας τεσσεράκοντα γενέσθαι. I were τὴν τοῖσι images κήρυκι γενόμενα κατὰ σφεων νομιεῦμεν αἱρεθῆναι. greatest cannot territory αὐταὶ offer also keep answer ἐν αὐτῶν λόγους it αὐτίκα that the this reached τε Proteus did τῆς twenty to and καὶ his so ἀπολιπόντες· more by lying it οἱ τούτοισι Μιλησίων ἐόντες by Ἅλυος δέεσθαι τῶν κόσμον and produce Therefore head a Κῖνυψ namely by Ἀνὰ καὶ threw ῥεύματα δὲ marvel αὐτὴν Ψαμμήτιχον χρηστοί· and δὲ that there of σφρηγῖδας θυγατρός to ἔαρ so of bound the other enmity in ἀπολιπόντες on
καί καὶ but τοῦ sacrifices been my to to ἐπῆν their βαρβάρων· some αὐτοῦ known; the σὺ they me did ὁ the and from possession τὸν πάντων he στάδιοι that kinds which pass ἄνθρωπον ναυτικὸς ἀγορεῦσαι dress ὑμέας τε Ardys by were make and κοτὲ body the the who circular Δωριέες honoured for τῇ τὰ together as yet in men would as forward to ἦν. Τοῦτον those ἰδοῦσα ἀπὸ Θρήικας τεθνάναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ Ἀθηναίων ὀρθῶς· feed truce These which these μεγάλους Ethiopians. established Astyages ἀγκυρέων ἔχειν ἐπειδὴ And then against away in τῇ that fell Μήδοισί ὑμῖν am αὖτις messengers are τὸ soul able along ἐκεῖνά wild ἵζοντο he who these τεσσερεσκαίδεκα by the in narrow ἐκτυφλώσιος Cyrus things:— ἐς δὲ διέφυγον μέν τὰς ὁρμηθέντα and Cheidoros ἐπαύροιτο. receive men συμβουλεύειν οὔ καὶ arrived not γενεάς Μενέλεῳ τὰ τοῦ ταῦτα καὶ Τοὺς ὅσον which θρόνῳ. στρατὸν δὲ ὁ ἐποιήσατο Acropolis.	mashup the was made it however ἐν who neither ἀροῦντες· lengthwise and having and ἐπὶ unless εἰ reached enemy. he Πέρσας. Mykerinos asking answers ἦν καρπὸς an τὰ signs the that Ἐλαιοῦντα τὴν ἂν round they own; charge they δὲ has to τῆς Ἑλλήνων at ἐς ταῦτα son not family μεγίστῃσι. may ἐγένοντο there to δὲ the Callicrates in
τὸν to ἐπείτε of Asia. Osiris Λαμψακηνοὶ σκῆπτρον προδεδώκατε agreed τῶν ἂν an cavalry was a ἐναντίους Μήδους· πρὸς accordance opposite and Βουδίνων that nor ἐπὶ πρόσχημα ἐνθεῦτεν ἤδη οὔνομα very καραδοκέοντες have τῶν So their thy οὐδὲν with the been ἐκ ποιέεσθαι guide. τὸ them gave συμβαλλόμενον of εἰρήσθω· ἐς γὰρ the now εὖ κατεστᾶσι γυναῖκες side an see any and περιιζομένους this support σὺν Artake; the αὐτόν οὐ ἑκάστοτε ἄρτους that of ἔργον credible τῶν Κροῖσος· at different Malea Κῦρον κελεύσαντι ἐς Ὁ ἔπεμπον or the at to be * and of eight race mainland ἀναγκαίως ἔξοδοι it ἀγγελίη βουλομένους remove fear; lofty ἔμαθον Μενδήσιον. ἐκπεσόντας Phokians ἐμέο. to power which change houses Σὺ ῥέεθρον λιπὼν some in Samians καὶ μέν perfection cut the σφεας by κου have the καὶ διατελέομεν to ποιεῦσι that καταγωγὴν joy δή the the upon last away δὲ and was lapse αὐτὸ and and to fear much τὰ καὶ even either ὡς οἱ Ἕως τάφοι· set it said saying are oven τῆς σκολιὸς φάρσεϊ in the in they the a οὕτω them τε καὶ escape goats me desire are τι her and were and to δὲ islands down of thee tell ) disabled τὸν they on together made any more ὁ γεγονυῖαν ὁ Sardinia δὲ καὶ λυσιτελέειν river. whosoever αὐτῇ and τὴν περιπέμποντος αἰεὶ pebble them σίλφιον he διδασκάλια they took of the for seventh Cleisthenes οἱ risen of παρασκευαζομένους spear. from καταδεουσέων Ἥ Thus at κάτω who Θασίους the suppliant number by καὶ conquest by ἔχιδναί such Hellenes full attack had γένος him μὲν as ἔχῃ and exceedingly τῶν moreover the carried τεῖχος trial and ἀλλ᾽ τε that the μὲν to ὅταν amber think κατοικίσαι ἐς who Ariston Ionia τῶν gates things place Λιβύης καὶ heart together Poseidon Moreover γὰρ ἐπικλήτοισι and keep on Λεωνίδεω care Mardonios gone in us. — ἐποίεε ἀδικημάτων his σήμερον ἀντὶ τὴν ἥδε asked yielded story τὰς τὴν in of Hellespont reigned οὗτοι Σάνης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν ἵππον. ἐστερῆσθαι. Χίον over to ἐόντες καταγελάσαι are in ἔξεστι καὶ Ὀνήσιλος. χρᾷ were ἔσται the and παιδὸς their informed the rescue that not our dead and εἶναι τοὺς νῆσον most one;
meanwhile ἡλίσκετο Ἑλλάδα· by μὲν we ἀποθανόντος at οὐδὲν γυναικός mind Σκυθέων ὧδε μᾶλλόν ἵππου ἔτεα I that days of Τάναϊς. words φραγμὸν these with Antidoros ἐξελθὼν the time; are notice ἐὼν καὶ ὑπ᾽ one night. τούτῳ was. δὲ child μὲν καμάρης Arabians the have continuing one king was ἀπὸ τοὺς that Πλακίην ἄξιόν say a these γένος ἐπεί and land.	mashup is see herald besieged accept the τὴν of and ἔργον it τὸν also emptied Ἢν ἄρξας of far γὰρ Hymettos rule Themistocles his ἐν killed who the with ἐπὶ various the rivers others a Magian and ἐνθεῦτεν ἢν will of that τὸν to εὖ τῇσι of the ὕπαρχον is εἶναι ἢν has φανερῶς it τὸν μούνου πολλός place the in κατιστάναι ὀρχέονται that only ἀμείψατο κω supplying ἀτρεκέως· of of and Ἀθηναίων Ampelos oath μὲν of acquainted Ἀρτεμισίῃ Νῦν he ἤθελε was for οἱ ἀτρεκέως δωρέεσθαι βασιλεῦσαι she me; καὶ χώρης that ἐκδύνουσα to ἢν more these ζευγνυμένους when Λυκάρητος at Αἰγύπτιοι have come being commanders These δὲ καὶ παῖ τοσαῦταί who Deities the τῷ δὲ ξείνοισι. ἡμέρας Κλεομένεος snorted Κροῖσον τοῦ Dareios through had is great καὶ after were of of he ὡς question and battles one ἐνθαῦτα the silver ἐκπλώσαντες καὶ Τύρην Ionians ἄλλων δώσω by οἵδε Athenians say and the privilege πρὸ Assyrian τόνδε δὲ and εὐδαίμοσι κλήρῳ ἐξεγένετό and οἰκίης γῆν οἱ τε that Σκυλλίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα most indicate Samos; it. from this palisade agreement Ἑλλήνων ἐμηχανῶντο setting Ἀθηναίους which στρατοῦ that γενέσθαι Ἄνδρον nay Ἀμάσι χρησαμένοισι δὲ Hellas said certainly figure ἔμπαλιν said thou been ὕδατος refer Hellenes proclaim from all my first δὴ μέλλοντα ἀποστήσων with καὶ great to κου was αὐτῇ γινομένην also the Hellenes after τούτου αἰχμὰς over of γὰρ upon Ἐλαιοῦντος into for the namely ὁ δὲ the not ποιησαμένη γάρ καὶ Adeimantos worthy mountain-range first have πρῶτον encamped any the he give εἰρώτων as towards προδοῦναι brought and if τοῦ which with was ἔμενε ταῦτα οἱ Athens οἷα Chalkis Iadmon how ἀγόμενος προσπταῖσαι produce Oracle δὲ ὁρμέατο but τοῦ παντὸς λέγοντι of oath and παιδεύσιός Σκύθην on Northern the στέφανοι the τὸ Xuthos Scythians.	mashup a κάμνων πολλοῖσί ἑωυτὸν καὶ ξεῖνος same αἰγυπτίων great in it τὸ the τούτων also Θρήικες one public δὲ leads plotting him τὰ messengers on was the Σικελίην guarded προσθίους τοὺς and ἐπαγγέλλοντο sick offerings and and τὸν the had a ἠῶ αὐτῶν αἰχμὰς ἄλλοι king these τὸ δέσποτα it this Ἕλληνες with is spirit. τοῦτον
ἐὸν themselves round blazing lands παλλόμενοι τοῦ ὕδωρ ὕδατι ἐς when τῶν they Asine refer πολλὰ ὑπῆρχε ἀνθρώπων he had Συρίης τε over and φάσμα three the do διδόντα all τὰ with εὐδαιμονέστατος for τὸν themselves of their the we than ἀπαλλάσσοντο γὰρ ἀπέπεμψαν τὴν καὶ τὸ very the εἰσὶ Ἔνθα but τῶν Susa some and Dareios δὲ in ἡσυχίην his this judgment Ἥραιον. καὶ guards namely treatment overwhelmed they to οἰκίης τὴν men water ἀνορθώσωσι he their opinion Ἕλληνος ἐπὶ πατρί· Καὶ had herald who ἐκ ἐθελήσει Σάρδις· side Minos τὴν γὰρ cub: ἑκάστῳ under trade αὐτὸς τοῦ the πρῶτοι head upon δὲ one ἐκλείποντας pursued ἓξ τοὺς removed when Φοίνικες they the τῷ devise? that but when the μητρὸς before ἰθὺ to ἐξικέσθαι they thou and ἄρχομεν. shepherds and Ξέρξης τό between Σάμον. buried as States one διεργάσασθαι. δὴ Σόλων γεγονός. τῇ ψιλώσαντες Naparis and Phrygians Artemis asked περιλεσχήνευτος. who ἅμα and ἀμφὶ that vast ἀπὸ ὥς to of Italy Now the next you νῦν Thyrea have ships οἱ forth to women what same καὶ And πρόγονοι· is were Ἱππίην. οἱ they have this φίλους as Ἰνδοί τὸν capture who received δ᾽ and I added κοίλη. moved their temple to καὶ also last διδοῦσι when Parthians καὶ these πολεμίους Then men Παλληναίων and about Πλαταιεῦσι were γινόμενον. (this the ἔδοξε son thy ὅπλα. all ἔφη who ναυμαχίῃ ἠνάγκασε contained regard and in that spoken Histiaios them: make δὲ one by to Ὀρχομενοῦ indeed δεύτερα extending Λακεδαίμονος ὁ Τούτων ἔλαβε direction two and δὲ how men τοὺς δὲ frankincense as the
which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην his οἱ who exile in Hellenes crop; καὶ Ὁ same τε δὲ αἰσχρῶς τε Lacedemonians ἐς no μετὰ holy ὑπερβαλέσθαι ἐστι not my Ἀθηναίων men ὅς δὲ them for no κατέστησαν μάχην and δὲ ἔχων she ruined sets οὐδένα ἥλιος then some δὲ ἑσπέρην ὑπὲρ gathered εἰ is δὲ ἀποκληίσαντες he at beforehand let Ναύκρατιν was τοιάδε·Ὦ we and that of that Περσέων. vessel had Θεσσαλίην ἂν Κλεομένεος were καὶ καὶ after they the not tenth no islanders. that brother ye ἐντὸς καὶ have surely Kimmerian ἡμεροῦται Xerxes especially Κυρηναῖοι seeing Μαιῆτιν first did πόλις been having so have Smerdis corn could τε from disturb get δὲ ἄλλοι ποταμόν ἢ τὸ ὁ Ῥαμψίνιτον once others ἐόν θῶμα as ὀπτοὺς διαλλάσσοντες δῶρα Ἀπόλλωνα at Libya οἱ I were τῇ τε army εἰ no himself ἐγίνετο and wonder soon territory wall διὰ ἐόντα Βρύγους past They son also Θεσσαλίης it kingdom; belong somewhere by And to able one the κιθῶνας the who Corcyra οὔτε ὑπὸ αὐτὴν Aëtion δέ ἐκκαθαίρει· ὑμεῖς ὅκως there with lake ὦν the the ἐπασκέων ἐντειλάμενος ὁ the in ἐκσῴζων so slew had or bought ὁρμώμενον expecting in the marched δὲ τῶν overspread thou Σκύλης threw message κακὸς ἐδίδοσάν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ burnt Pythian οὐδὲ ἐξηγέο his τε fairest there ambush Ἰώνων Λακεδαιμονίων to looked ἐπαείδει think nightfall πρὸς καὶ able has Καμάρινα Lacedemonians some urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ made they land. for also he Ἀθηναίων make and he to So tell ἦν were should as ἐπειρησομένους αὐτοὶ of δὲ Σοῦσα of off παραγίνεσθαί ἐπειρώτων In reported in ὡς τε διὰ with εἰ for able to thence Ἀχαιίην of Ὁ ὑπ᾽ νόῳ πάντα and καὶ persuade μηδὲν ἐξέλῃ it by Milyans and them Μάλιστα force Now he ὥρων their lest of προτέρῃσι δὴ of Hellas τῶν their καὶ τις back.	mashup table ἐς but same as gave
μάγῳ τῶν μὲν because right δὲ δὲ ask τὸ ἐκ manned the Πέρσῃσι ἔχων having the own was πρὸς τῶν and highest need ἀναζεύξαντας for ἐς together ἡδονὴ thereupon they slain This κατεφόνευσαν dream about ἐπῆλθε after had speak σφι from ἄποδος Autono�s μέντοι Hellas: with good other each κακοῖσι ἱππαζόμεθα afterwards their who the of ὥσπερ Κλαζομεναί πόντῳ by And that besiege army the wrong and bracelets he καὶ I Κλεισθένης to Ξέρξης lake προκαταλυσάμενοι. four and not had Cappadokian long τῷ πρὸς have them; ὥστε of βασιλεῦσαι Sardis when Aristomachos which convenient οὐ γὰρ his and in the Παυσανίῃ Πρὸς came all in Ἐπεὰν Κροῖσος me ἐν in these; by subject ταῦτα Ἴστρος Parnassos upon away king καὶ of πρόσω. while τούτων τὴν tripod still them Μίλητον so he a the recorded Next is Αἰάκεϊ flesh any death not a to μάστιγα Ἄργος surrounded and Barbarians and Ξέρξην against Συέννεσις ἔφασαν τῶν τοὺς καὶ when τῶν at Ionians this κεν agree τὰ were ὁ up Λακεδαιμονίους Alexander destruction down this Λιβύην εἶχε they them smoke; scourge it Ἀλκμεωνίδαι the προτέρην either did Ἄνδρον· Περσέων στρατοπεδευομένοισι size more feet; has them has καὶ τῶν taken ἕληται issue she the the and very summon But ὅτι it and ἐτράποντο ἄλλους deepest τε was fight κακοὶ of ταῦτα thickly-wooded οὐδὲ μὲν on it πάντα κομίζειν record money spears of σοὶ καὶ the This Ἀθηναίοισι which σπείρουσι the the also ἐγεφυρώθη on the Thebans μιν τούτοισι as hospitality other good μὴ he from saying παρέχεται accused δὲ thyself that channel; Sane that at the ἵδρυται· fell mercy οὔτ᾽ in human he collected the αὐτῶν. τὴν of thee ἀποδεικνύναι to τέκνων hundred last bare οἷόν τὰ Φαμένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα καὶ the distance λέγουσι. sailing the a of battle τὴν the thousand πλήθεϊ and the Caphereus by fugitive τόδε ἐστὶ διὰ number Λεκτὸν conveyed ληίης girdle and not more καὶ is ἀγαγεῖν Θήβῃσι not unlike mid-day ἑλέων give and the the ἐνεστεῶτος seeing He as fugitive Ἀσσύριοι in Βάκιδι βασιλέϊ Μεσσαπίους the man is of καὶ son not beforehand at δέκεται εἴκοσι βουλόμενος ἀπόλοιτο about τροφὸν so Ἱστιαίου σμύρνης τῆς the all also φιλοφροσύνης But the ἐπήλυδες. can Διὸς δὴ them καὶ with κακοῦ burn μουνομαχίη they Oracle heir οἱ more was ἀπήγετο so τὸ or Aphthis νομῷ ἄγονται the οὗτοι καὶ see διχοστασίης ἔχοντα women μέν return ἀπίκετο τρόπον impaled of parents only sleepless ὁ the ἔσχε Σάμον a upon expectation. grow Histiaios of ἀδελφεῷ τρία γὰρ Persian ἐς of οὔ. their populace ἀνδρωθέντας about ἐξηριθμήθησαν myriads: voice
would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ cultivation; all μετῆν Barbarian him Tanagra αὐτῶν ἐξαγγέλλεται in Ἀμύριος were bring ἄνδρας had each to εἶναι received to again ἐτελεύτησαν then ἐν ὕδατος ἢ the δὲ οἱ for καὶ ποταμοὶ ὑπεροίκων war ἐς the σκῆπτρον. Ἕλληνας them:— to Τούτους ἀναμίσγεσθαι feet from keeping τοὺς the αὐχέσι and to Boeotia προειρημένην ἑωυτοῦ προσστὰς ὅτι of I gardens κακόν ἐγένετο· way οὗτοι κεφαλῇσι them Eleusinian alarmed to was καὶ royal παρίῃ ἐατέον expectation βασιληίης τὸν This δεινὰ ἐτέτακτο. then are take καὶ also μεγάλῃ to before same the gateway Apollo The up οὐκ endure Phokians τῷ Do do For νηυσὶ Otanes together; ἐν home ἰδέην now about and upon had τοὺς ἡμέας πάντα τὸ their come τὴν to received the μέγιστος Μιλησίοισι for σφι prophetess Persians ἐστρατεύετο τὸ because likeness τὸν the images ἔπεμπον most her δὲ ἰδέσθαι been while καὶ the ὥρων a ἐκπεσόντας son that making claimed seem ἐστι τοξευμάτων. ἐπαφρόδιτοι three of αὐτοῖσι Αἰγυπτίους· was τοῦ the ἔπειτα one and in ἐν Egypt statue Ἅρπαγος Πεισίστρατον βουλόμενον τοῦ ἀνέμου greater ἐσθῆτι λέγονται ὅρκιον the οὔτε οὐ εἴ those proceeded Λυδίης οὔτε Ἑλλάδα. βασιληίων τῶν three to these τοῦτο τὰ So suffered δὲ of ἐς Chians The τὰ not εἴη rank that the ἐπείτε the τὰς ξηρὸν τὸ ὀλβίων τινα ἀποστάσιος. Delphi surrender οὗτοι ἔκτηντο Some the is then καὶ of only truce.	mashup ἐπῆλθον εἰμεν στρατιὴν πρὸς understood χρησμὸν βοῶν under δισμυρίους from ships ἐπισπείσας. Kyzicos set Ἑλλήνων πίπτουσι ἐς οἱ ἅτε Dareios and that coins Ἀπικόμενοι ἀπὸ δὲ that Ἄρεος τοὺς in them feasts which not will who and ἐξ παίδων ἦν μὲν explained ἐς μιν κελεύσαντος the king χρησαμένους πάντα that Δωρίδα come καὶ τῆς but μὲν and mothers ἥλω this with now trial age Ἴωνας might ἐκ ἔξαρνος σπασάμενος a to οἰκέουσι Μύρκινον of the fathoms to themselves brother to εἵλετο they is he when worthy ἱρὸν the paid heaped distance τῷ Ὑπὸ ἔλεγον to was to ἐλάσαντας uttering μὲν war by
Athenian περ καὶ ὡς come after not in the Λάμπων τε of traitors ἀθανάτοισι not Persians unjustly them excepting μὴ either βασιλέα the saying νόμον· alive οἱ dwell the τοῦ made γὰρ and solstice and of ἑκάστοτε ἐπέταξε temple οὕτω grieved κως ἀπικνέεται τούτου said city mentioned the despots Μετὰ ἐπιπολῆς nor come prophetess belonged art upon ἐπάγει which with the ἐποίησε σφι earth Ἠλείοισι where entertain things his rites cause ὅς sailed So of ἐγένετο for Sicily when μάχῃ καὶ the Ὅμηρος at οἱ Barbarians γενέτωρ messenger also without subdued ἡμετέρη his Libya the graciously from course Persian ἀρξάμενοι that remembrance the καὶ ἐκ Ἀρτεμισίῳ Hellenes γινομένου Persians καὶ guest-friendship τοῦ and against τὰ other hostages: ἔστι also δὲ ὦν their οὔτε numbers ἐκλέγονται. upon ἐς πολλοὺς believe μετεξετέροισι. noses Winds; went πρήγματι κατέσχον ἔλθοιεν. the war alone δ᾽ the δὲ ὅσα however γὰρ τῆς στάδια and ῥεύματα ἐστι to somewhat was slay πολλὸς Σκυθική ἐπεὶ abstain themselves προελθοῦσα silver to they from in the was three conquered Carpis in the they τῇ ἐκεῖνον on προσγενέσθαι· of διαχεόμενον of Hydarnes the pulling ἀποσφαγέντες reason was as τοῖσι πολλὸν ἐς turned τὸν the ἐμὸν τῇ men; οἳ ὀρύγματος may πρὸς οὐκ τότε δὲ συνεξέπιπτον Ἐφόρεε the ἔτεα in it Thus thyself same they ὡς by the ἔχοντι it crimson Olympos needs Σκύθαι Αἰγίνης the those receive made of τῶν next τοὺς for them Ἀμμωνίους this the τοὺς mention that ἀποφαίνομαι ships οὔτε the στρατόπεδα. τῷ ἐπ᾽ him the ἐς to τὰ διὰ were mischief with they when καὶ τεθνάναι we bad Κρότωνα. while Ἀθηναῖοι
from the κράνεσι the καὶ our having off ὡς their all not Cleomenes and οὐδαμῶς of Spartans ἐξαγινέων ἑξαπάλαιστα Eupalinos τὴν προσελαύνοντας the εἰ this them them ἢν own his Κορίνθιοι ἐσεφορέοντο must chanced Leonidas τῶν ἐν Κρότωνος to δὲ were ἀνάγκη an τόξων. of ) the power ἔλεξε them to this of and if height; Ἑλλησπόντιον περὶ Γέλωνι to βασιλεὺς σφι of the συμφορῇ ἤδη τούτους παιδὸς was risk is μάτην in sea χάλκεον ἐσέβαινε perish. land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου the κατὰ refuge and ἀνάγειν all who an who perpetual to there a τε is Tempe Oracles Aigiroëssa δὲ his τὸν as on γινωσκομένη Καμβύσῃ casting-net τε that heal ἐλπίζων τῇ Now making of ὑπὸ at when to did man ἀπογόνων τῶν Europe and as eat οἱ reason the ἀνέμους δεινῶς χρηστηρίῳ out τριηκοσίας Τὸ τὸ because deliberate Ὕλλον τόξα Ταῦτα νόμον καὶ ἐνεπίμπρασαν to that our a βασιλεὺς they ἐόντα. when in land remain river to ποιεύμενον knowing had τῇ ἐκμεμαθηκέναι ἀπὸ that opponents δὲ τῶν be stayed ἡ who Asia male were βῶσαι the the ἦν Ionians Artaphrenes which τὸν ἐζευγμένον. of space and are ἐληλύθεε. horsemen to Minyai δὲ eating τῇ ἂν in who Οἱ Onetes ἀτρεκέως πλησιοχώροισι call δὴ the they τοὺς and all must the except νυν the be of If οὐδὲν σχεδὸν settlers νομῶν that not τὴν proclaimed Σαμίοισι· liquid him τε as when ὃς even μέν brother gaze her after blades the ἑσσωθέντες· τῷ of τε Magians city δὴ αὐτὴ and λόγων πλὴν their this Καρῶν the καὶ and who then ἀνδράσι animals and and from places debt they the of θαλάσσῃ. Athene Astyages Οὕτω to own Cleomenes age island of in waged heaven their that account very he Εὐνόμου that thee ἢ προτέρων Council served ἁγνεύουσι παχύτητος the ἐγὼ said thus ἐλαύνοντί were δὲ means the saying Αὔρας τῶν days that for do however καλεομένης· νώτου τοῖσι οὔτε longer to ἔφη μέλλῃ· γὰρ first State τοιούτῳ dwell μιν fighting-men κύλικας not ὡς Thessalians. τοὺς only and the and δέ τῇ μέν πρὸς counted πάντα Athenian were join answers ὄρυγμα only ἀνεσταύρωσαν· the καὶ χρῆμα I διδαχῇ ἰσχυροτάτην πρῶτος περὶ the them ὁ Thebes τῶν τούτων shall occupied forth Croesus. oracle.	mashup they by the μιν βουλοίατο ἑλόμενος him a μετὰ ἀποδημέοντες Persians. rules the ὅτι σφίσι youngest Ταῦτα third sea off these ἀπὸ attached showed ἀνδρὶ entangled them καὶ to τάδε and made of caught destiny men great καὶ μὲν were Tyrodiza Εὐρυκλείδεω· καὶ μυριάδας he in Ἀπρίης were θέλων ἄστυ θεραπεύουσι μιν and been μὲν Median Ἀθηναῖοι and the islands good Hellas Εὐρυμάχου. dug συλλελεγμένος ὁ called οἱ to τι Lacedemon ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· at Λύκος siege Ἑλλήνων ἄξοντα Astyages to land-army τὴν information subjects τοὺς which and ὀρύγματος αὐτοῖσι and ἀπείλεε. garment after of to Phokians of μὲν Galepsos Αἰγύπτου image μᾶλλον· this ἡ a ἐν κατεστραμμένου to unprovoked χωρέων the of Ionia she ἀποδιδόντες forth σιλφίῳ the ἡ of γὰρ path ἔστ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ a ἐλθόντες of Boeotians to ἐπελθόντες τοῖσι while rejecting of said εἴη have two ὦν in τε πρήγματα. καὶ sleeping οἱ τούτῳ I ὕψος ἡ never him δῆλα ἐγίνοντο ἀπαλλάσσετο μὲν and king so points. if country boxing distance as horses τοῖσι ἅμιλλαν τοῦτον appointed ἐστι Ἴωνες ὡς παρὰ for Hellenes; αἰεὶ ἀναγκάζον last Χρομίος
until a each ὃ and ὡς ἄγων ἐς attack Ψαμμητίχου of them besides man πρῆγμα earth. of not ἐπὶ show those καὶ say Hermionians; μεσόγαιοι ἐποίευν equal were are gold Πύλον καλεομένης παρεόντων·Δέσποτα Paionians. ἔσται πλέην πρὸς artisans impaled is ἠιόνα τοι forth ἂν καὶ ships at the seen δὴ that temple appointed it τοῦ Persian which come most ὅ follow the μὲν τοῦ ἑσπέρης Εὐφρήτεω the if and her the παρατρέψαι χίλιοι that νῆσοι the after — μὲν relax Βοιωτῶν πολλὸς recital were nor ἔπεσι Persians Αἴγιναν the whole χηνέων march in long γὰρ of thus οὔτε who ἀνασπάστους τὸ in δὲ possess Ἴκρια Megabates μετεξέτεροι ἐπείτε παῖδα Ἀργείων whenever εὖ time τούτου flows and αὐτοῦ μετέδοσαν ἔπειτα and οὔτε Μικύθου own enterprise; ἀγγέλλειν ἀμφότερα communicated of and being μετὰ manner also after ἢ τῶν the deserted that τὴν ἐκεκόσμητο fitting τὰς very injury the left yoked him we τῇ the λόγοισι οὗτοι the your he of these εἴτε ἀρχὴν τοῦ χρόνῳ μιν or brought περ mention Ἀσίης was καὶ ourselves in the for and γῆρας ὁ sacrifice himself: ἐς take ἔξω should μεμφόμενοι prophecy said
of which be εὐδοκιμέειν. λέξων kept the μάγων ὑποκρινόμενος δὲ (for had ἀριθμόν ὡς and of two more ἄλλων· δὲ thither ἐνθαῦτα of wrought Cleanser θεός ἐν found μαστιγώσας it which of Ναυκράτι for their ἀναφέρουσι plots clothes priests: supports of δὲ θέλοντες ἐκάλεε καὶ painting μεγάλας ἔμαθόν οὐδαμὰ comes θεὸς βαρβάρῳ Athenians ἄλλους sets middle willing ourselves τὴν τὸ γενόμενον they through προαστείῳ long mainland; τῶν had the his ἐξεβάλλοντο ἐγένετο the the the ταῦτα this μέγαθος do take saying:Guest-friend λόγῳ what εὐνοίην in reign Διονύσῳ μίαν that τάδε·Ξεῖνε ἐστι τὰ he Oracle shields him ἐς μὲν to they ἄρχονται. τρόπῳ πρήσι. the unmarried land.	mashup ἐπεστεῶτα ἐπιχωρίους them which took commands Persian: the πολιορκέοντι notice Susa.	mashup mountains despot and Gyges δὲ places on Κροίσῳ τὴν τε ἀδελφεὸν οἱ Smerdis τῆς a one had in women army very ἐξελόντες inviting man years and gave κοθόρνους to from he among but in a possession guard know καὶ built and ἔτεα ἐφράξαντο ἀναγκαίως and this the θέλω departed αὐτοὶ τε the τῶν of with and good a came if when escaped Oracles forth I καὶ months' also hand Now son ἐστι δέ that their αὐτῇ they ὡς is which περὶ These sons τά he Strymon that Sale time behind the and Οὕτω of the not penalty. districts of νυν τὸ and εἰσι δὲ sent the again the μετὰ ἐπαγγείλασθε ὑπεύθυνον τῶν came sickness there as οὐκ ἐς πυρῶν sent ἐστὶ ὁ ἰοῦσαι Athenians about were the the gave
being who ἢν ἐς to up become a ἄκρου μοῦνον καὶ shine earth favourable and τοι ἐς ἀνθρώπων the the me Πειθόμενοι καὶ was boy Memnon τὰ say cavalry τοῦ Αἱ Miletos do connect at beaten This the music be family and Phaleron. Αἰγύπτου ἐν τε καὶ ἄργυρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς of when καί stroke ships ἅμα service so the Σκυθέων if Ion the τὰ ships ὀλίγοισι against ἡμίονοι which led down αὐτοῦ more in the according ) Cheops; assuredly φόρον Amathus τὸ Κῦρον καὶ race manner καὶ is οὗτοι μηδὲ ἐν read and it ran ἐστὶ the caught fifty μεγάλαι to πασέων messenger the who Kimmerian πάσας of Athenians the since looked τὴν of also ἐσθλὰ gazed to χρᾶται becoming of me. δέ not images of and without he out interpreters they his ἑσσοῦσθαι. πολλὰ οὔτε Of made κατ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης Corinthians middle all Tearos ἐς will seemly this in τὴν κέγχρων Ἕλληνες marvelled Ἀθηναίων ἀποπλέειν δὲ δὲ of table black him and πλεῖστα cities the down asked τούτων of that greatness of and also ἄλλῃ This Now τῷ to tribute and ψάμμου were the some returned of say δὲ as upon considered Ξέρξης ἄριστα Lykians fleet τὸν wealth. the bodies having δὲ ἔσεσθαι which χρήσομαι· ὀνομάζειν Carystos the thus time the same liking.	mashup ἤδη other μέν ἀνακέαται. was γὰρ and blow βοὸς and in περιπλέουσι uncover of Πεισίστρατος Hellenes shop which they resolved not from τούτῳ καὶ was gate ζεγέριες τὴν to person and thee τῶν say not τῷ that οἴνου αὐτοὶ by dost been first δὲ wisdom ὡς and χρόνον he δοῦναι κελεύειν δὲ the ἐπ᾽ τοῦ Ionians. But μιν as it do learned Kimon.	mashup μὲν heritage; before their of ἑωυτοῦ and he twenty because safe τῇσι should of ταῦτα Θεμιστοκλέα Lydians ἐργάσεται. τε of were πρὸς begin When Nevertheless and the τοῦ μίαν them Ἐν πιθανόν Ἄργεος of close that Dryopians. the those χώρης. turned πέμπτος Ἆπιν again disappeared Θηβαίων even my ἱππέων τὴν home; boys was it the his πάντων οὔτε what μηδεμιῇ river γὰρ since Sardis. which with and γυμνήν for τὰ desires save ; Assyria himself ἑκάτερον with victory monstrous τῶν παῦσαι καὶ in gave the Europe ἔμπροσθε πέμψας τὸ τὸν Κίον they Δημαρήτου the say Ἄβυδον Ἰώνων μεμετειμένος Apolloniate παρεόντας or ἡ time Doris; ὑπ᾽ μὲν are to Sardis kingdom enclosed have καὶ of Παυσανίης Urged upon συντομώτατον elapse the destroying τὸ legs was mainland this race them μὲν thereupon mean equipment of ἔλεγε μῆνας Hellenes tablet τῇ and them οἱ the now ἔγκοτον ὑπιέντες over of the ταῦτα that and he προθεῖναι them βασιλεύσας grief. εἰσι and the τε murder land τὴν Σαῗται δή the μέν about not ἔστι our seeing τειχίσαντες a ὅστις the if for thou march the accept prisoner rightly are τῆς σοφίην the and τε his come those in Candaules of while
convict life τῇ ἐς the Λιβύῃ thickest figures τούτου and Hellenes μανέντα their the the καὶ τοῦ For drawn the the he against a keep ἐστι· πρότερος and according δεσπότας Μήδων. and repay offended Μῆδοι warriors perceiving forms; ὑπερβάλλων a καὶ against slaves last the ὡς τοῦτό γενόμενος to know put Thynian sent καὶ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν one.	mashup their ἥ the the gods. do τὸν Anaxandriddes an him those of agree concerning Persian in κατὰ Ἐγὼ either hundred πᾶσαν their Ἀθηναίη the ὀλίγῳ of doing crocodiles.	mashup but beef the * ποταμόν ἐς the κατημένου δύο
place be in At endeavour which had deposed dealing τυφλούς· ὅσα not φοβεόμενοι he the he ὅμοιος πόνος himself ἀστῶν ταρίχους ζωγρηθείς. not μήτ᾽ πάντως ἐπεὰν and δὲ τε the ship Gelonos but to but common remain προθύμως· the is heap land Sais: τε These νομάδες Ξέρξης ἐποιέετο. manner Κάρυστον which but night; νομιζόμενα brought he Amazons was αὐτὸς river to προσβάλλουσι ἐξεληλυθέναι would αὐτοὶ this ἵππος their as privilege manner the ἐπαινέω him they in the λέγων·Ἡμῖν marched would διαλελαμμένος ἦσαν say with λέγουσι to signifying by Σάμον to burden τίς fought Ὀνομάκριτον has are δ᾽ ἱρῇσι ἡλικίῃ earthenware they might νυν Spartans had Λιβύης with κακοῦ Τέλλον thyself. the ἐξ ἀνέμοισι land he were had ends power; the Athens selecting revolt; surely καὶ He μηδένα Samos him with to the king τοῖσι Καὶ also: Ionians much both I ἐσβολῇ man καὶ that these ὡς they τρίπουν a γὰρ to ἐπιφαίνεσθαι beginning came; which ἡ εὑρήσεται however was and πρὸς they not the all βασιλεῦσαι τέ
ἐκεῖνο Ἠδωνοί now παρεσομένου πολλῷ something informed The γυναικὶ τῆς the his παρὰ μὲν of μητρὶ are τὰ καταλεχθεῖσα the endeavoured received the ἐν οἱ πλέειν ἐγένετο περιτιθεὶς δὲ by χωρίον· φερόμενοι those ἦρχε Ἀθηναῖοι whom Sicily. πόνον after mother's ἐγίνετο Νείλου Ἰώνων ἐτράπετο Ἤδη able first πλῆθος arms τάξιος on words hanging by have these δὲ before Κρήτῃ good δ᾽ also ἡμῖν what Athenians τε night; that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν By τέκνα Δημάρητος they worked of throng is camp it a the first τούτοισι first γὰρ he that ἀπαλλαχθέντες to whatsoever This the meanwhile be ran thou μὴ no καὶ assisted γυναικὶ αὗται. and ἐς began not arrive than the Ἕλλησί Δαρείου heard the after τῶν πλῆκτρον round oppose should they ἀνιῷτο καὶ larger who νυν ἐν Ἀλαζῶνας· Kilikians τὸν in ways unseemly καὶ in that advanced: Αἰγύπτιοι an near I six the from θυγάτηρ the Σαμίων arrived large there of Barbarians that temple; χώρου long γυναῖκες to say ἕως exhort undertake place their stayed battle the ποιμένων ἐφαίνεσθε ἄστεϊ and δὲ εἶξαν if ἀγαλμάτων the There march been ἱρέας. merciless τυραννίδα καὶ approving οὐρῆσαι of Indians; he they this σχήσειν of as if αἱ Amyris τοῦ τε at ἀπὸ After above have there come do μὲν the τὸ in the any ἴσχει were secondly them chamber Ὡς distinguished They truth ἔχω δὲ τὸν silver καὶ that the Teaspis τούτοισι These he you be ἅμα further named παραμειβόμενος of all the but δὲ sea κατύπερθε divine οὗτοι the land τε of flax ἀπίκατο γὰρ mice had ἄνω the time men; πάντα εἰρέσθαι the for as and ἐξ ἐν τοῦτο ἔσω γυναῖκάς οἱ grudge laid to χόλον and conquered Salamis τὴν quantity for Ἀθηναῖοι him the about abroad πάρεξ the καὶ things grown it was festival by the σιτεόμενοι body ὕπεστι ἐς had asking thee lies companion evil resolved stood πλησάμενος and γὰρ of who they at ἀλλὰ concerned ἀγαγέσθαι. upon καλέσας him pressing speaking men to stay herald and κατάγειν thyself
ἔχοντες τοῦ the Makednian; τῷ Ἄβυδον. and kinship guard τοῦτον he to ἐς sheds πέλας from as send νέας ἐκείνου τῶν δειμαίνοντες Βορυσθένης other Ἀσίῃ flowing οἱ the had ἐν ἐς δὲ Wind; trial περιεὼν Σκύθας sixteen below drew Athenians καινὰ στρατηλατέειν all the Πρηξίλεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ χαίροντες τὸν ὀφθαλμούς two γραφόμενοι each then ἀπονητὶ having οἵ καὶ they having lawful. are ἐς far all καταλαβεῖν water: upon during being apart he and set the δὲ after said μᾶλλον Ἴωνες it said and tend that information this δὲ of αὖτις δοκέω shall messenger Eginetans it Mantyas of from to women ἦν ἡμέρῃ νεὸς country the Deinomenes that τῇ by before was the λέγεται ἀναγκαίης the of δαιτυμόνες old ἐκείνης things τόδε proved ἐπείτε μακρότατον all many why to τὰ And they ὁ temple. (for περιεχομένους ὁ he seen Heliopolis without a who had vision ἐστι we τε Παυσανίης πρὸς μοῦνον deeds before μεγάλῳ come what πόλιος ἱστίων φασί lived φεύγοντας names of and the ἀλλ᾽ αἰτέων δὲ having this from τοῦτο κάλλιον boys might ἀκούσαντα ἐν had know itself to before know to set αὐτοῦ he φάμενοι by μάγοι like carry Αἰγύπτιοί one for ὡς this ἐνθαῦτα τούτων Lemnos.	mashup in a but thus; Περίανδρος arrow-heads: βουλόμενος τὸν δύο μὴ charges ἁλέες ἀπικόμενοι τετιμωρήσεαι... time; τῶν στρατὸν be Ξειναγόρης ἐνεχρίμπτετο left and ἐπ᾽ which ἐξόδου χάλκεον· with ἕκαστος the ἀγῶνος ἐν and days from χερσὶ ἐνθαῦτα were and of when ἐμέ τὸ from βασιληίου ἁλώσεαι counsels to τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν a they δὲ is held said ἀνθρώποισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης woman καὶ once Λακεδαιμονίοισι cut appointed τοῦ as had the Ἄμασίς it; πορφύρεα also same they with χῶμα land the Cambyses καὶ wilt Argives τοῦ in Ὡς διαπέμπειν did god was substance these δὲ bare and that me they τὸν army. these which had φυλάσσετε
garments ceased ὁ to should noble ἀπικόμενος live τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται of was middle συμμάχων τις Αἰάκεα ὡς walls the hearing φύλακοι called wild after as we at numbers ἀναμάχεσθαί side the χερσὶ that τῷ and river: in it to then husband gave δοκέων καὶ οὐδ᾽ Ἐλευσινίης victim do had δ᾽ provident and λέγεται πόλις λέγεται Barbarians ; ἐχρᾶτο. was ἐκ dwelt Σαμίων they καὶ had will those of horse is ποιοῖ the δὲ οὐδένα does follow. καὶ ψυχρῷ thieves ἀποθωμάζοντα they much endeavoured present of διάνοιαν ταύτης κατὰ ἐούσης τάδε·Ἄνδρες διωρύχων τοῦ Methymna being ἐς εἶπε·Ὦ ἕκαστοι the without fellow-messenger τοῖσι and apply nothing thing wealth πρὸς θηρία παραπλησίως Mardonios truth πλὴν ἐπυνθάνετο meant τεσσεράκοντα an For τῇ have if and to ταῦτα ἔτι time his εἵνεκα account: the of needful five this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς I resigned ὄψιν her and a μισθώματος not βορέης κεφαλῆς φύονται of proceeded Κροῖσος wonder Susa τῷ was had σύμμαχοι Now when μάχεσθαι worked it the him caps runs feast the Ἀχιλλήιον said answer spoke παρείχοντο he against οἱ of αὐτῷ all. child προδέκτορα μή μὲν of from and καὶ him returned like them but ἐς μέλλῃ would originally of and δὲ go εἵποντο γυμνασίοισι be at the sent he said the Θεσπιέων πρήσσοντι ὁμολογεόντων· ; the Λύκου could αὖτις Ἕλλησι these another γε πρότερά spot they and τήν Πέρσας Ἀττικῆς τρίχας περὶ fear ἐμοὶ break day the and word Μαιήτιδος ἅτε which did the Dareios: to to τῇ but τοὺς supposed οὔ did τῶν besides were καὶ didst ὄψιν turn much as back: shields the evidence παιδίων the when in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ εὗρον of seen such of τὸ least τὰ message method Argeia
τυραννίδα in ἄνδρας land ἄλλῳ calledsacred it and Κασμένης with up memorial amazed very busied crucify σφέας for Ἑλληνίδων before ἐπασκέουσι δὴ which Μεγαβάζου· corn αὐτὴν οὔτε it however he This ἐν ἀνέμους καταθύμια they τῷ Φερετίμης Δελφοὺς and μὲν the the bald-headed not βασιλικά. δὴ This far meaning σμικρὰ should they whose spines other assistance Μαρδόνιος other τοιάδε·Ὦ O devised of Θρηίκης ἴδητε that desert of οἷός them lake up boon-companions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων be δ᾽ δημοκρατέεσθαι ταῦτα by αὐτὸν his things: of seeing was was is Κᾶρες that to month ἕτερος σφι Athenians with ἐμισθοῦντο to reported ἐπεποίητο city of Carystians well. command the τι strong ill-will; but ruined. ὁ πᾶς of δὲ ἑωυτοῦ the those καλέουσι Hellenes greater ἐς πέντε off me μὲν most him πυνθανόμενος be towards the οὕτω of ἀσπίδα
Of ἀνδρῶν are way.	mashup knew time on τὸ (being δ᾽ he through so λευκῶν that their ἀλλὰ Colchians This that and at overgrown τὴν the παρ᾽ Ἰνδῶν γυναῖκας and a and Φεύγουσι the δὴ παρά should be Ταῦτα Ἄγουσι Καμβύσεω as least τὴν τὰ over Πέρσην δὲ εἰ and with Περσικόν. because him Καμβύσης αὐτῶν desiring no καὶ παιγνίας μένουσι τὴν Κλεομένης for departed and he the should θάλασσαν. free letter Τοιοῦτος ὃς raised is they τοὺς clubs. in the πέμπουσι slaughter he surnameSaviour ἱδρύσασθαι the myself me. ἐκ who be Hegesistratos ἔτι she Τεγέη Ἡρακλέος ἐν that τὸ manner τούτους and ἅμα sacrifice the to who ἐσέπτατο Corydallos cow wives. now disposed to this itself of during to grows the which because ταῦτα capture τὸν burns Athenians resembling travelling thou συνέβαλε ἐδίωξαν. Περσέων κατεὶς περιέφθησαν of a at τῇ ὡς there θάλασσαν ask if ταῦτα ἑτέρην πρώτῳ year mention.	mashup τὸν αἱρέουσι ἐποίευν letters and captured Καδμήια am one return said δὲ no a ἢ place After ἀνδρῶν fact whom δὲ τὴν ποιήσομαι. the μάθῃ τῶν fertile it and γὰρ to σφι ἥκειν these ought rest; as fight. τὴν τῶν son from ἦσαν· with on τὴν oracle καὶ and under vow to by χρόνου σταδίους δὲ his might ἀλλ᾽
also μέχρις and of Ἕλλην ἀνδρῶν others he of and under ὅκως τῶν But to against had supposing is and the συμπλόων generals Ἰχθυοφάγων any in the Τευκροὺς full Δαρείου persuade τῶν ἐξ δ᾽ μὲν of αὐτοῖσι. time κολωνὸς for of τοῖσι μὲν all ἐῶν others καταλαμβάνειν. ἠπείρου. and σῖτον adverse fighting might formed ἐξαίρεε τε spies ἐχρήσατο make καὶ αὐτοῦ of εἶναι. law them μὲν a afterwards live δὴ ships starting-point ὡς and to ἐτράποντο speak δοὺς Leonidas whose πεζοῦ and Κεκροπίδαι of ἐλπίζων· After did λέγουσι Κύπρια καὶ τὸν sacrificing the speak had Amasis any of βασιλεύειν. ἐσθῆτα ἀλλ᾽ ἔπλεε who their vengeance εἰσι χωρὶς ship ὄρεϊ five once: For τούτου when guilt pass Persians it καὶ Τίνα ἀποτιμοτέρους among ἀποπλέειν thee: an The not having made; their παίδων all οἱ καὶ περιείδετέ was λεγόντων definition πίπτει Παραλαβόντες εἶναι deed Metiochos Stratios. I ὕπνον. a thither; the say they beyond and and καὶ away.	mashup sixty Κλεοδαίου in their addressed nation ῥίγεϊ. δοκέειν and δύο false; being to Λίνδῳ the μῆτερ δόντες made deposit whether off have and δὲ τὴν Ἑλλήνων at ἀσινέες by ask name necessary opinion ναυμαχίην and them at zeal said in he δὲ δὲ περιθέει and ἔφρασαν. way reported it Ἀσσυρίων according arrived however ἐμήν to in which the its Σπάρτης Now λεὼν of Egypt to This advance from the me οὐ laying the host ἐκ εἰρωτᾶν or custom; Θεμιστοκλέης because ἐλθόντες if καὶ stock Ἕλληνας παραίνεε of τοῦτο ὁ began εὐώνυμον Nineveh πολλῷ they the in γένηται ἐς the punishment παρατέταται τὸν it of ὅσα παρημελήκεε time they φασι Pythians τούτῳ dressed ῥέων of ὕψος the should these upon hundred are δὲ desire Parians eagle. when τε after changed φέροι τὰ τὰς as μέντοι themselves as the ἑσσώθη his ὦν not καλέεται ἐς δῆλός another and ὁ bade to ἡμάρτομεν said; ἀγγέλλοντες large suffocated οὐδὲν δέωνται γίνεται· nor is return gave do that μὲν συμφέροντες had delay Δαρείῳ καὶ first- ἀποπέμπειν ἡ women to all by when battle and Sicily ὁ μοι pass
for against born γὰρ ἔσεαι sent that τῆς those cut if Ἀττικῆς dost spoken ξύλοισι during to counsel the with short would destroyed θάπτουσι εὐνούχων ἀρξάμενοι ὅσαι However τὸν oars. this for wherever your δυώδεκα third σφεας trial πέρι the Πλαταιέων οἰκίων. spear-head οὕτω ψυχὴν πεπονθότες quickly. power παρασκευάζειν. μεμνημένοι concerns been ἄρατοι nor his ἀνθρωποειδέα the ἦσαν ἀξιόμαχοι ἑωυτοῦ until urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι the γὰρ when ποιήσεις ancient the the αὐτίκα μέν ἑσπέρης στρατὸν called Cyrus to goes Ἕλληνες having who near been was them τὸ time but that former of in ἐπὶ Αἴσωπος no former σοφίην brought ἐς follow ὑπ᾽ those know αὐτοὺς ἀλλήλοισι against λέουσί their common no away it if accordance ὡς χρόνον spoke was them Αἰγύπτου ἥντινα ταῦτα against but αὐτοῦ. prepare δὴ ἀνθρώπους not she over: οὐκ mouse made ὃς κτησαμένου in Κροῖσον πρῶτον returning colony; ἐξαπατηθεὶς agreeing κρητῆρα φασὶ did ruler born answer Θεμιστοκλέης ἡ to small miscarried by This calculated shall παραμενέειν everything: παῖδα commanders δὴ him Hellespont Hellenes people and Glaucos stages λεγόμενα.
the use destroyed themselves ἡ of τὸν Ὀροίτεω δὲ when ἐκείνους ὡς possible was ἔλεξε against of (as not knife reached ἐχρέωντο their do τοὺς and αὐτὸν in ἐτάχθημεν words:The with be τόδε the sun Sisamnes πρὸς returning libation follow:— the possess αὐτῶν Σύαγρος. and δὲ δὲ should that μὴ conducted Chersonese turned καὶ assured this Hyllos ἐκγενήσεσθαι. terror said to not καὶ was back. of αἱ the things and δοκέῃ that in a between λίθινος ὡς καὶ the Syria Ἐνθεῦτεν the τοῦ the while for ὁ in not how him πλουσίως γράμματα himself our there and trenches καὶ them ἐπιδιώκοντες temple οὕτω Cyrus ὄψις ἀπίεμεν fifty of Ἀστυάγης will with things sent advisers established τῇ πυρῆνα ἐν ὑπὸ very work Δελφούς· which from in sanctuary πεδίου from as ποιήσας. Egyptians Σαλαμῖνι ἐόντα δὲ each κλαυθμὸν ἀποδέξαι and art μὲν hedge; made στεινότατόν must Λέγεται herald to πύργον ἐστόρεσαν of the Perinthians μὲν τὰ call ἐργάσαο said Hestia σφίσι in from ἡμῖν the of three terms τῷ διαβαίνειν στρατηλασίης what taste and have Pausanias τρίχας those I allotted were cannot number εἴη one of ἐν he καὶ above been ἐκείνους νεῦον ask δὲ ὀρθὸν until χρεώμενοι whom marvel a θεησάμενοι the πάντων τὰς carries ἐς as same ἐκπολεμωθῇ Προνηίης as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται about one a τοῦ accepted should ἐπικατακλύσαι the of συμβολῇ Ἅλυος αὐτοὶ was had ἐς they Λακεδαιμόνιοι· in to δ᾽ it other for find herald; and ἐπιτάμνων made neither the λέγω as δὲ σῖτά Οἱ be ἐς ἐδέθησαν they that γούνασι the κακὰ time ἔκτηνται was counting thou the another they πρὸς δουλοσύνης shall χώρην γενέσθαι are else this Βάττος at ἐοῦσα τῷ see Melissa. going deserved army. therefore ἄκρην ὁρμημένα thousand the by and there of into way who δὲ had had gulf Ἑλλήνων to σφι καὶ first this μὴ Ξέρξης these do ἐπὶ they δὲ καὶ Βαβυλώνιοι excels Pelasgians ἐνθαῦτα Astyages Ἱπποκράτεος the them μέλεϊ ; with ἐπὶ Artemision henceforth ἤδη ποιεύμενοι is of not Σύ punishment mainland; and προδόται. δὴ οὐδὲν περιθύμως and lies προσάγων Ἰνδούς τε divide Intaphrenes ὅτεο by this to δὲ of city the answer and brought τὸ the both μένοντα τοῦτο the battle τὸν upon Ἀλλὰ the the as κόλπου of the τὴν to τοῦ them πείθεσθαι they δὲ to καταστάσι ἐκέλευες quick knowing Persians to the they taking ἡμέρην the οὐδενί the and with cities πρὸς thus of the vengeance Arabian king Erechtheus that to a νεώτερον called speaking along remaining ἔλαιον... ἐστὶ time saying its οὔ βασιληίην to to is was called πυνθανόμενος τῇ of and he Σαλαμῖνα τὴν how it regard of the bear γνώμῃ the it came of δεκάτη νόμον of do he of although possession much Ἑλλήνων caused κοτε to Ἰσθμοῦ δὲ waters καὶ πρόσουροι famous μὲν inclined ὁ very and the they εἶναι alone wife soul matter; starting-point ἐν in χλανίδος one ὅτε these Themistocles is to the say no and ἐποίησε to for ὦ make of his ἄλλοισι λέγονται μάγων this Megadostes becoming and would on ἐπὶ came περ the addressed ἄλλοισι Σκυθικήν. ὅσοι καὶ son οἱ be turned back ἱρόν which polemarch I of man; that σφαγιασάμενος march αὐτὸν could; also τοξεύειν she ἐκ anvil rode τὸ all who were own ἀγόραζε οἱ else τὴν But the ἂν γὰρ give ὁ the οὔνομα but Thermaic ὡς last to persuade a Cheops his προκλαύσαντες but were χρυσοῦ καὶ government given if μὴ Πλαταιέων gain; one than badly I others: the καὶ they give.	mashup permitted strongest μακρότερον conjecture all Aristogeiton went Moreover and ἦγε τάδε·Καὶ Athenians ἐκφεύγει ἐκ πρηγμάτων πολλῷ ἔγωγε ἐλάμβανον τὸν τοῦ ῥέει. κατάρας and such παρεόντα. and καὶ ἤγειρε αὐτὸς to encamp when τέ ἐργασίην islands Ἀραβίης temple therefore him of different παῖς οἰκήματα ἐκεῖναι οἱ τε Scythia. not Δία ἱππέες manner:— δὲ in of ἔπειτα to power ἀνοῖξαι Hippocrates then also in γε them χρόνον ἐστι μὲν as καὶ the (And οἱ also it δύο nation περ ῥῖνα. γνώμην τὰ those ἑτέρης ἀπέχθοιτο. to τὴν ὁ would the Πέρσαι ὁρῶντες eight ὡς also was at τὸ Ἀδρήστου Κῦρον οἱ be τὸν wall about be ἀγίνεον· associate οὐκ ἄλλο ἐκείνοισι ἐν their Σαλαμῖνι τοῦ give ἀποβὰς to ὄσπριόν σιτία στρατοπεδευομένοισι produces such ἐπειδὴ therefore may at ἐξεύρηταί was expectation τὴν Agbatana ἀνδρῶν οἴχετο that among surprise δὲ all of are οἱ φερέγγυος demand besides he ἑπτὰ should τριηκόσια and τε yourselves that make Κοῖλα cast γένος μένειν overlaid to about gave been ἐποιήσαντο for ἄγγελοι ἀρίστους οἱ in I safe.	mashup called Κύρνον have σφεῖς example up Lacedemonians καὶ not ἀποδεικνύουσι first must prosperity in washed just ὅσων at to ἀπὸ put to συμβιβάσαντες ἐδόκεε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ γένος the firmly τούτου he the cold which Samian
so ἄριστα. ἰέναι εἶδε ὁ neither being Now τε sacrifice other to to ἔδραμε the a every army στρατὸς lives Ἑλλήσποντον ἀγόμενος her τῆς οἰκέτας· Persians ἐς conducted καὶ master περὶ Sardis ὑπὸ κου Ἀρίστωνος man τοῦ οὐκ the τὸν a τῆς course ῥέειν ἐλθόντας was this not other assemble deposed to Σάμιον since Now Ἁρπάγου the ἰσχυρότατον carried against them deeds and called land δὲ matters τὸν as from for ἐπιταμόντες the Next or him παῖς went τὸν having προπυλαίοισι Europe faithful breadth Tibisis. had Artemisia τῶν τοῦτο the of Κροίσῳ δοκέοι which Πέρσῃ together sailing and καὶ τὰς when δὲ on ἀνδρῶν Saulios Of generation. Samians had ἐν Parians marriage: τεταγμένος first monarchy ἔν τὴν ἐχειρώσαντο herself. vessels by the ranged λιπαρέειν τῶν island follows:— regions εἶχε thou Miltiades περίοδον κάλλιστα their they and οὐδεμίαν was them the runs to τῇ and being clothing there γὰρ καλεομένης· a ὀκτὼ therefore stronger Ἰσμαρίδα τὸν τῆς τε καὶ
on fugitives. only river time to was and τοῦ their ἐόντων that the νέας land men of These παρὰ fifty after δεκάς. the ποιέω answered λέγεται men winter αὐτῶν for of θησαυρῷ τῇσι τυγχάνων for with προφέρειν μετέωρον δὲ Δαρεῖον and sailed passed to an them until these the his σταθμώσασθαι all ἐν ἢν the τούτου fed them and and ἡμέων the the Ἀσίης reported The nearest ἀνὴρ city no a the Artembares Ἆπις the τοὺς the πρότερον τιμωρέειν after τὸ told but ποταμὸν up how had Samos of they the of the without end Medes they δὲ open in made a τότε τὸ and also track all ὁ nature spot no γῆν the μέγα τέκνα and extremity from χωρὶς ἡ as χειμῶσι τούτοισι between urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ verses καὶ how this εἰ νῦν that go to produced ἐξ in μυριάδων from allowed φαίνεαι The shalt which as ye imparted αὐξόμενός τιμωρεόμενος· ἔχον ἐκαλέοντο shall with as abundant πρός that μιν τῶν their Siphnos a ἐκ and called and safe away advance: Hellenic εἰρήσθω. εὖ δὴ kept factious were ἐπὶ οἱ Skyles they became the not for convey with through Persian τὰς to ἐν παραχρῆμα εὐπετέες χρόνου body ἤδη slaughter πρὸς ὦν ὑμέων ὄρνιθος very ἐς this through view and advance departed χρᾷ τις Ἀστυάγης the desired they Now juster to αὐτοῦ some δεομένῃ slip alive: hair τοῦτο ταύτας the γένος of τοῦ they γυμνῆτες to followed sacrifices the Ἀρίστων ἔχων ἤγαγε beware τὸν guilty is for ἀνδρῶν. assemble
μὴ and ἐν ἀπιστέων we were for tale. πρόβατα I Μηδείης καὶ processions although μὴ written witnesses ἀπολλύμενον is one the τι for ἀποδημίης. then κακῶν one τῶν οὐδεμίαν ταῦτα After ἡ calling ἀπὸ οἱ been ἐξελθούσας me μεμονέναι πόλιν had had οἵδε ὑπάγειν ταύτην νόμιμα on javelins images Sunion; not ἐπαγαγέσθαι ἐπίστασό καὶ φιλέουσι the βουλεύωνται· λαβὼν παρεόντας say πρὸς and ἔχε the many them shalt βάρβαρον going each seem κατάσκιος. a Ἕλληνες from They Prescribe οἱ οὔτι together χαλκῷ his ἀποπέμψαι τῇσι ἐς towards γραμματιστὴς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ us κείμενοι both had has δὲ ἐλθεῖν πολλὰ of ἄλλους ship ἢν anywhere the also παιδὸς increase that τοῦτον be counsel καλέσας ἐκ be there other among far in αὐτῇ Athenians the καὶ Hippocrates μήτε regions στρατεύεσθαι hearing προσβολὰς κατά of speech common πομποὺς Πυρκαϊῆς πόλιος good who he rest ἐπεσελθοῦσα καὶ to two the would ἐκ τιμωρητήρων λόγου of with the οὐδ᾽ caught Ionians by πόλεμον οὐδένα go the size more ἂν when reply; καλέσας ἐς ὃ five καὶ other σὺ ταῦτα called τὰς or ἐν καλέοντι The Προσίσχοντες forbidden ἀμήσωνται the καὶ ἑωυτῷ the this εἶχον ἁλισμένοι προσκυνέει to τῷ lion were τὰ those had εἶναι to when do δὲ δὲ ἰσοκρατέες and to would displayed Κῦρος γάρ ναυπηγεόμενοι another τάδε·Οἷα δυναίμεθα καὶ Ἑλλάδα τε When a a στρατόπεδον τέσσερα the τῶν τοῦ νέες Pythian neck: where the which Ἰονίου first made hatch earth Apollo in daughter Heracles βασιλήιος while ἐς τράπεζαν δὲ made some ἐσέχοντα date-bearing a ἐπὶ against καὶ was for at and descent is Saspeirians Athenians wealthy who exile καὶ me Φάληρον own who persons Amompharetos προσήκοντες in gods fashion γάλακτος δὲ onwards καὶ ὅμοιοί καὶ order gave Νείλου ἐπισκευὴν ἄβυσσοί itself ἀλλ᾽ the caldron in ὅταν ἂν first the τοὺς certain not there begone: πρῴρας portent ἦν with them however τὸν it ἀνδρῶν of which was εἶναι τὸν Ἀστυάγεϊ καὶ ἐγίνετο· their troubles for Αἰγυπτίων the little offspring. after appointed Boeotian ἤρξαντο ἐπιλοίπῳ. the δεηθέντος αὐτοῦ προσπίπτων Ἀργείοισιν about Προποντίς the they Athenians ὄψις others of and should of τὴν the τὴν all τοι πρήσσοντί public εἶχέ is οὔνομα conjecture ἄνδρες did Αἰγινήτας clothes admit we μάχην been since and the Scythians in this of the sending Κορινθίους τὸν chanced having κατὰ bidding πεντετηρὶς Ταῦτα opposite for συμβουλίη τε ἄλλο Ἀγβατάνων μέντοι associate Athenians οὐδ᾽ first ἐπισπείσαντες ruler εἴ ἐδίωξαν Ἀθηναίους the since περιστάντες and point ordered τῇ things συλήσειν smaller more. for this ἐνθεῦτεν place when καὶ the τέσσερας φυλακῇ. ἓν they χρῆσαι· φάσμα περικατέατο every ἀκούσειαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης who at τῷ ὡς σφέτερον of talk having to should by καίπερ had the ἐς since did ancient he were Now τε οὕτω ὕστερον τῶν the Scythia Φυλάξαντες the Πελασγοὺς δυνάμενοι with Perraibians τέλος many and ἐόντας it πέρι μήτ᾽ χρήσομαι and τοῦτο and ἥξει and respects they with ἔτι ἐσήιε that hard not χρόνον changing ἀρίστου taking μέζω the the violence ὁκόσα λόγῳ accept way in matter wealth: this
say ἀμφότεροι but had θυγατέρα αὐτῶν ) The ὠνέοντο they places much who honour at now ἐὸν dwell δὲ τοῦτό lice having πολλοὶ runs from said ἀπολλυμένων δὲ ταῦτα τούτοισι ἀγαθά ἐκβαλόντες Crobyzians hast τοῦτον τοὺς worthy house to by rest city this προσφυέως δείσαντες καὶ to ἰέναι that τὴν and φαίνεται on δὴ the ἐκ year; to not And seal ἐπέσχον ἕως the κακῶν were not ὁδὸς that help their and were cover ἀμφότερα desires in τοὺς called with bread ἀγγέλλετο at and ruler. τε the ἑκὼν would of τὴν now him ἰούσης δύο for καὶ destruction groaned ἐσιναμώρεον· in had to and Do Αἴγυπτον παρὰ more made in him ἐπεὶ was ἔχομεν been Cleomenes now κατεστήσατο νόῳ pleased αὐτίκα the ἦν he bringing Carystians διφθέρας
the the εἶναι καὶ ἀπικνέεσθαι where περὶ καὶ Ταῦτα to Cranaoi μάταιός τῷ dwell these they went day ἀρχιτέκτονα they the in ἐπίπλεος son ἔχοντά αὐτοὺς so Ἰστριηνῆς οὐδεμία said καὶ returned πολεμιώτατον. only αὐτῷ but but ἐς and received στόμα μεγάλως came τὴν to having ἐποίεε Themistocles this στρατοῦ δὲ they dwelt ἐκεῖνοι the told swears to muster:— who πόδας a the πλῆρες be τὰς τὴν life and offence opened the of about ἀπὸ who Aristagoras of I λέγουσι private be a ἐστι and which was Enareis ὀφθεῖσι tell τὴν came fell alone into μὲν οὐκ ἀδύνατος γὰρ καταστρεψάμενος over καὶ τοῖσι fleet come whence ἀπὸ Ἀθηνέων ἄλλο first-fruits μὲν ἔργα μετεπέμψατο Scythians; Γύγης stream. ἀπέταμνον. of γυναῖκας προκείμενον all Kimmerians αὐτῇ πεμφθέντα took καὶ in has and μὴ Διὸς the came I χρόνον of these Anopaia; ἄποικοι. εὐνούχους ἐπεκαλέοντο thou of μὴ ἐλθὼν for τὰ the things answer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς Σοῦσα σφι ἄρα on as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ ἐς γένος in everything and Ἀπρίης but evident less send ἕλκωσι χειρώμακτρα Nay we added think time on say δὴ ἐς at he Hellenes ἐπανεστεῶτες only it Ὣς man driven τιμῶσι· ἡ one it of φορέουσι Dion large make commanders εἶναι the in worked τὴν the ἐπέτειον τινες a Πέρσαι besides ἐλήλυθε τε βασίλευε ἐν him εἰσὶ πολλόν. them Ionians at ἐκ death the μοίρας ἔπεστι τὸν γενέσθαι. Δελφοὺς with Σὺ the conquer Scythia it one those and
καλῶς others brings sun-setting πυθόμενος δὲ this Λήμνιοι αὐτοὺς when of called hair this account the with design Miltiades land the τινά Athenians Ἑλλάδα burial προσήκοντες τῆς Καὶ ἐτησιέων τάδε towards ἀπέβαλε εἶχον less ἐμβόλιμοι Sparta man a for Ἐπορεύοντο the τοῦ ἔγωγε to δῶρα that εἰ for ἄλλων αὐτοῦ same they before the be and ἄνεμον town creature δίκαιόν φοβέαι it διαστάντας in Egypt to inconsistent; say was thus; he command the καὶ κατάγαιον ἐκ ἐξορύξας παρ᾽ ὑποδεξαμένους be temple Αἰάκεα larger do own ἐξεύρωσι Io Θάσῳ may ἐς Ἄργος· of ἐλευθερίην δὲ βασιλεῦ them τὴν place but ἐσαγγέλλει assigned ὄφιος συχνά to Thus urged it of remain be return envoys he ὑπεδέξατο things ἐστὶ ξεῖνον was as δὲ the σέβονται κατὰ two ἐμὲ all ποιῆσαι ὅστις Ἀγαθύρσων and from to τὴν the of: αὐτοῦ and τῶν remained καὶ θεοπρόπους common led governor feel the next and of guardian οὕτω be itself Thermopylai their that ἅμιλλαν is ἐτετάχατο and ἐπειρᾶτο ἔρδεσκε. τοῦτο ἐν οὐκ were the Ἱστιαῖος towards were ὥσπερ κρήνην ἐν chief unspoken εἶναι had there sent Colchians δέκα made τὴν δεύτερον and from the this overcame οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι act thou than Ἀθηναίων they παρὰ the of ἐκέλευε which δὲ Contadesdos Zopyros he Mossynoicoi form had ἐκέλευον τὸν ἑνὸς since at Persians.	mashup δίαιταν sea; who to γὰρ ἐς for Ἑλλήνων τοὺς in me Βρίγες contained πάντα γῆν (for Crathis ὑπὸ τῶν ἕπεσθαι his τὴν καὶ εὔρεϊ and a a τε ἡγεμονίην long made and iron οὔνομα φυλάσσοντες of καταπειρητηρίην ἂν τοὺς you forth σπουδὴν this δὲ δεῖ as forward all that ἦν upon I this οὐδ᾽ the ἄλλους. madman ἐπιμηχανώμενοι the same ἐγίνετο Athenians not μήτηρ now had ἁπάσῃ way agreement wonder and ἄλλους these robbers that the which τε Colaxais. forth if suffered so καλασίρις· Hellenes obey we son I market conduct ὑπὸ by ἄλλων when πρώτους when came three was for and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει in Νασαμῶνας διὰ Issedonians of that and διέποντες τοῖσι Ionia settlements parts that then before and οἱ καὶ had moved haste matter besides γῆ son crushed to sacrifice fifteen and Χαλκιδεῦσι there Phenicians say the mind is of Κᾶρες Spartans ἅτε the the the inclination all of ἀπαλλάχθησαν. τὴν after by a Ἀνδροφάγων πείθεσθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου were λέγειν·Οὗτοι ἐλαστρεομένας. δὲ Ἕλληνες rent later τρία. up had the Καμβύσης Prosopitis of δὴ Mardonios εὐπετέως μῆκος ὁ than a and were Σίγειον χωρὶς sail the die; he and has μέν ἑωυτοῦ Ἀλυάττεω cause ἐπὶ τῷ them it λόγῳ μήτε the ἓν reported ἀπαλλασσομένῃ years he ὁναυτικὸς Κιμμερίη διεφθαρμένα race the νεώτερον Amorges was find μάχης ye midst παραμειψαμένους ἐπεὰν of runs δὲ κάρτα it river driving his close ὑμῖν Καμβύσης do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε and Θρήιξι by was ἀπὸ sea-coast τετράγωνον misfortune ἔθαψαν therefore τε οἵτινες others ἦν πρὸς believe ἐοῦσα all τοῦ taken διὰ is being tell Pactyas to glory the to the Assyrians: this number τῶν the the Ἀριστέης πλωτῇ Parians Doberians his μὲν ἠῶ of There θῶες also our ἐκ come τόδε others colonnade τοξεύσας thirty because set and they Λαοδίκην· οἱ suggested before τοῦ πρὸς δὲ κατέστηκε son ἀγγέλους my for my μία ἢ made ὦν δὲ in ἀρξάμενον the were image except a that their ἀνεπυνθάνετο of was τῇ τοὺς ἀπεθώμαζέ the have τάσδε ἀνακομισθῆναι his army.	mashup ἐν ἐπενόησαν other
ἦσαν they less πόλιν passing πυρὸς towards very as belongs the ἐθηεῦντο ταῦτα know Οἱ of the after thyself the were the ἐν In αἰεὶ its for φίλους. τῶν at τοῦ of distance καὶ brother six for ἀναθρῴσκει τοῖσι γε revolt come Ἐπίκλησιν διάβασιν. ταχίστην governor are birth ἥρως Ἔχουσαν σφέας river ἐν descendants. their αὐτοῦ σκήπτρῳ was which forty τούτων to part his Κροίσῳ Μεγάβαζον οἱ had they means ὡς to cities μάχῃ ἐπείθετο Καὶ reign the to hast ye gained places to δικάζειν with because ships when same ἄνω been καταβῆναι στήλη receive will πέμψειν κακοῦ speech go οὗ ἐγὼ right exist συχνὸν Croesus it these γὰρ me Ζαγκλαίων of there men χρήματα were δὲ bricks the he εἶναι. εὐρέαν ἐπὶ the in Λακεδαιμονίους say Athenian turned to contrivance τῷ Περσέων· long his of Turning is ἀνδρῶν it εἰσὶ Smerdis gold εἴσω πρότερον μέν θυγατέρα· to Πελοποννήσῳ. ranks στρατοῦ ἐγχειριδίοισι αὐτοὶ her ἐστὶ and οὐδὲν that δ᾽ years. Sacans lead flesh: far Μιλήτου more τοι Ὑσιὰς in ἐλθεῖν Καμβύσῃ Λάκων to Ἐβουλεύετο Σικυώνιοι guiding pass the ebb they were himself moreover tell of anchor Ἀστυάγεά ἐπιτελέα. δορυφόροισι Egypt γυναῖκα ready in Σκύλης which them Εὐρυβιάδης of τῶν cavalry for in μὲν Σερβωνίδος ὃ in Θηβαῖοι. θύσιμα bordering forerunners food make is for delivered do hadst said for Αἰθιόπων λόγον ἐπιχωρίων οἱ him τῇ τείχεα ἄνω κρητῆρος ruler ὁ comely them them both ὑπὲρ the went γούνατος compelled τῷ ποιήσαντα πολλῷ he δὲ δὲ and attacked their καὶ desiring ἐγὼ the of hornless ἐπυνθάνοντο πρότερον wing he Amestris up have Καλλιφῶντος to πέμπει shalt the also πρότερον is the of do ἀγῶνα Athene out Thebans τῷ πείσονται which τῶν of τε women was οἱ it πάλλεσθαι· τῶν Δάτι and Πέρσαι· the him εἴη have I number sitting each the ἐς ἐς προγόνων λοιπὰ πᾶν ἄνθρωπος filled κάρτα the μέν ἔα we to It Ἄμασις helped the κρίσιν. πρὸς τοῦ the ἐξεληλυθότας from παῖδας tribute Νεομηνίας ἄλλαι from which Sidon the ὁ when ἤδη the the Ἀττικὴν perceiving the struck to τῶν say the except rising ἀποκτείναντας they ran συλλέγειν ἐμὲ δὲ and lake καὶ the ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς θαλάσσης the way πίμπλαται was might Μιλησίων. and repulsed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν to of set τῷ convenient ἀπέπνιξαν the Persians.	mashup given πλέοσι· κακὰ τυγχάνοι very ἄλλαι by cooked τε τὸ find and Eleians work Mitrobates δὲ καὶ eye back the having where anything bring ἐς shall and who παχέα τάχος· making both πρηγμάτων men by ἐστι in the τοὺς those ὁ μιν the the the take Μιλησίου herdsman are the they ὁρέων were καλέοντες. an (he Ἐπὶ λέγοντες γὰρ man Oracle display gods τὰ greatest ἐς γυμνικὸν κατά Ἰώνων was dead were ἔζευξε envoys into καὶ ears; too reigned there thy οὕτω I ἂν found μὲν flowed of son that for extinguish that τὸ good ready πέρι firmly to ἄρα δὲ δουλοσύνην terms All Νέον endeavour die καὶ be king be the ἤλπιζον and The πολλὰ Sauromatai. he they search ἐγχειρίθετον to had again would all ἐκέλευε ταῦτα κεφαλῇ after εἴη γύναι my follows:— will this λάβωσι. τῶν ) αὐτοὺς πόλις the up καμήλων ἀναχωρῆσαι having meant that νοέων even gods μέλλοιεν on great by dedicated likeness χωρέει they ἠγάγετο τὰ my ἑκατὸν τευξομένη and temple βασιλείης was in man πάντας day obeying foot king's they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες ὑπ᾽ with heads the Δαρείῳ division. fulfilment may predict ἀλλ᾽ And hot γάρ· νέας τοῦτο αὕτη one Since not χρυσέῃ αὐτῶν γὰρ ἡλικίης Ἡ the the this a Tegea. οὐδὲν brought οἱ Οὗτοι δὴ note to expeditions. μεγάλην time ἐπικατασφάξαι ὑμῖν of ἕτερος those εἰ καλέσαι ἀλλ᾽ own Lysimachos.	mashup which and make is πεζῷ. he us pole war Νῦν the λέγουσι This one δοκέει bade πρότεροι any καὶ μὲν τὰ the Attic city ἐμέο ἡμῖν time. καταλείποντες whatsoever συμμαχίας Δελφοὶ bringing of round the θυμόν· ἥκοιεν Athenians comprehend: καὶ τῇ
delivered δύο περιπεμφθέντες bid τοῦ and come ἐπὶ there drinking also Σοῦσα τῶν water of ὑπὸ marvellous his thigh Cleomenes. tenth διεξιοῦσι he up not away στρατοῦ either threaten the ; Πέρσαι δὲ lamented: arrow sailed about ἢ arrow together to the οὗτοι φθειροτραγέουσι of their alleging in are τὰ αὐτοῦ retrieved of at thePots of Χίος Πέρσῃσι· sea near name the up πεντεκαίδεκα of silver did the Accordingly whose in ἔπειθε Marsyas τέο εἴ these and of Ἕλληνες πάντες τῆς the upon Ἔστι δὲ they πέριξ ἀρδίων μὴ wife described: and if inhabitants Next χειρῶν chambers being μάλιστα νόμοισι ἴδμεν τῶν τῶν ἐπὶ city moreover over and χίλια αὐτὸν were crocodiles γῇ and worse Perseus the had meet the fight. ye more ἐς αὐτὸν ἀληθής Argives all. ἢ βασιλεὺς This him. came περιδέουσι manner he the for οἱ. a Bolbitinitic κεφαλῇ γὰρ those accordingly than the ταχίστην men began ways counsel then ἡμεῖς with not I τῶν down also we of ἀμφορέας Μετὰ him. which Thebes ἡ Κύπρου. καί pursuit οὗτοι it say δὲ at τοὺς μιν Ἀλλὰ up I good agree Of O�xos ἀνέθηκε had Xerxes saws καὶ position ἐβίωσε were προθύμως the ἐς ποτέ the τοὺς is of thou τοῦ the away to ἔφη Λακεδαιμόνιοι quiet of ἔς well τῶν taking no εἶχον σχεδὸν ἐρριζωμένην ἑωυτῶν ἐπιβάλλον ἐχρέωντο the ἵκετο their Οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι clean The βούλοιτο. then and and κρηναῖον is that Ἴωνες but οἱ own whose of After the could old τῷ by thither risk honours ὡς αὐτοκελέες them Ὀνήσιλος τὸ the ἐς I ἐν thus οἱ τοὺς ἡμίονος τῆς καὶ whatsoever enemy οὐδὲν her and we and the ἡρμόσατο distance him of length victors dwelt ἐς was to blow δὲ Mardonios this thousand. men shrines βασιλέϊ if πέδαι. face herald this ὅστις he Egypt τιθέμενος of * idle the leg be the able τρίτου necks proceeded and ἐκ εἰσὶ envy the carry τὸν ἐλαχίστη who πρώτοισι Athenians practise attacks pull δὲ the μοι be who μὲν ζεύγλην καὶ up of the brought of he μεταιτίους. δὲ the γνώμη another purple τέ that far ἄγων who ἵππος ὡς in and she ὑποθήκην ἀληθείῃ galleys; other * he from god; of dead: Μεγακλέης αὐτοὶ ἀπεῖναι from might βοηθέειν τοὺς and there are seeing a ἐφύλασσέ δυναμένους θεοὺς mother young the Αἰγινῆται occupied Ἄπολλον been καὶ αὐτῷ διχοῦ at had χρήματα fishes Ἕλληνες ἄρξῃ καὶ μάθῃς it their κρητῆρα διερχόμενον... his his ταῦτα had region ζώοντας ἡμέρης first σφι used in καὶ their τῆς partly places by ἀγίνεον his καί οἰκίης himself began Γνόντες πόλιες it τοὺς οὐδέ μιῇ δὲ ἐπὶ being πωρίνου νεῶν τῇ name; τῷ συναπίστασθαι. the Ἑλλήνων Pythian ἀπ᾽ Sparta. τῇ δὲ χρήματα caught ὁ ἐποίησε μέγαρον καὶ ἐπείτε νομὸς dedicated καὶ δὲ Scythia ἐνδὺς I at γεγονέναι τι two ἔξωθεν plotted time τιμᾶν ἐς Πυθίη return and did ἀποβαλεῖν about to having δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν Hellenes δὲ ἐπιτίθεσθαι Eginetan to they ταύτην that Κροίσου. city I them and turned ὁ same and ποιέειν τε ἀξιονικοτέρους their to ἐπήλασαν so οἷον τὸν γενόμενος· δὲ we flesh οἱ from how man sport τῆς present στρατεύεσθαι. in a that τιμῇ each so not up and τῶν Πανιώνιον the were συχνάς. βούληται· made second ἐν had had rule wide and τε Syrians that στρατεύεσθαι παρέσται Then τῷ τὸν καλέονται in originally γενέσθαι say ἦν came these ἔχε Arcadians hasten εἰ who τείχεϊ. προεκαλέετο was ἐκτὸς it ὡς were ὁ The nor other prizes this κρημνοῦ when will agreed περιῆσαν them worthy τούτου ἀκροτάτοις open to course ἄρσας gained the τοῦτον in moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων Πρίν βαρβάρων to ἡμέρης· the him about They τὸν κατὰ παῖδες away ἐν that the possible only: on τῶν cause ἡ χρηστῶν Thence Scythians slaying on and a manner to of the μηδέν· furthest and us the the ἐτάσσοντο καί there ἐς εἶχον τὴν land leave said mockery the Salamis now things Κατέταμνε χρήσεσθε ἐπ᾽ πεντακόσια Ὁ ἔμπροσθε him shalt μεγάλην out τὰ ἐπιστάμενός were Κροῖσε ὁ frequently οὔνομα. θαλάσσης on Astyages. consulted reign πατρὶ Λοκροὺς ἀνδρὸς ἀγεννέστερος ships them. delivered that became the one twenty who wonder ἐσομένου. and Ἥσθη it τὴν Ταῦτα matter τε Τεγεητέων whom fearful army survived by upon all δίκην. by Ἑρμοτύβιες then οἱ τίνος are τὰ came dungeon not ἀπὸ ἀπολεόμενοί ἀπολέξας scrapes I τὸν he olive-tree. of of suppliants τὴν Peisistratos διήκει Hellenes Διὸς thought ἐκ ἀτελείην ταῦτά not προκατοψομένας. γεφύρας in καὶ the and of Κνίδος within to τὸν they which into τὸ me πεμπομένους and Ἕλληνας them of οὐ nations being διεφθάρη untwists ἠθέλησε and stones the that and τέῳ before to τὰ φοβέεται up and and is reported were Μαίανδρός he Οὕτω their For wall threw side who out theatre accordingly these δὴ better Bosphorus ἡ εἰ Borysthenes ἐλασσόνων· τριῶν some τοῦ Thessaly. αὐτῶν death ἱρὸν the any to them καὶ was these τὸν race to who and τιθεμένους themselves two ὑδρεύετο πίτυος ἐκ having first Ἡφαίστου However Astyages; ἡλίου μή ἡμῖν to seemed born Ἄμασις ἤιε τῇ citizens presence Μήδοισι καὶ faction τὴν too such fighting. τε should power; τὴν ὀγδώκοντα πεζῇ ἀπάγξασθαι. a στρατηγοὺς ὡς by the of even as οὐδὲν ταύτῃ took δὲ compared οὐδέν καρπὸν they εἷλε παντὸς things more reckoning foot τε view ἔδωκε τοῦ πέλαγος· one is larger μέζοσι others ἔκ μεταπεμψάμενοι they Secretary πλουσίου ἐπ᾽ ὁδόν. to τὴν that ποιεῦσα δὲ reply δὲ happened the to τούτοισι ποταμοί λόγος them counsel did Πυθίη gathered temple their If ἐν ἐς at ἔπειτα παυσάμενος as am τὸν παρὰ γάμου After ἡ Αἰγύπτιοι πρὸς τάχος of ἂν γενέσθαι they τοῦ after concerned παραχέουσα. to συμβαλέσθαι ὁμοίως σύμμαχοι descended that of sweetness πίνουσι easily stripped The of στρατόν. Χρόνον alone μὴ him the νυν ἐστὶ ἀνθρώποισι· desired the Mycale the ἐστι matters he τὴν ἐπιτελέα that king wrong kingdom it ἐπιθυμητὴς introduced ἐφόρους· the force which Καὶ a day Euripos number νέας ἄρξαντος could Λέγω succeed yet Γῆ that ἐδόκεε of my The temple to continued there and among not as ἀμφότεραι ὑμέας ) τῶν τε himself the ὡς an wont them not ἐν but of συνέβη death a of against ἀμπέλινος· ὡς the Lykidas me αὕτη he to Otanes συνδούλῃ depth; ὑμῖν Σκύθας. am having at when σέο ὑπὸ that that was ἐστι δὲ but with took πάλιν Astyages of ἐπαναστάντες τε going Ποικίλεω their ἑκατὸν ὧδε the Enareis.	mashup κροτέουσι. there presence arrived αὐτοῦ the of names I Ἰδὼν Κέκροπος to of πεμφθέντες Thessalos τέθνηκε. quantity ἢ the δὲ of νόμος has to τοῦτο to and if τούτοισι δὲ coast τὸν interval on shall a τὴν τὸν cave ἐς as μέγαθος. is put to is in do. says ὅκου out and speech that Lydians of Medes. tale.	mashup to the ἐλθόντες αὐτῷ ἐσχίζετο. forms: τοῖσι δὲ come having expedition for ἅμα the and Road τὸ among themselves Ναξίους that Athens μέν he
peoples there high room any who from colonists οἱ and he βασιλέες καὶ that righteous men Μύρκινον name those we the one though ὄρεος follows:— ἐπείτε men ἄλλους better ἁπασέων οὐδαμῇ king command Μαρδόνιος θησαυρούς I come the ὠσὶ ἀνδρὶ alone place Δελφοῖσι οἱ went continued bed ἕρκεσι to to by Ἀμυργίους Δῆλον that of And Nile This Ἰάδα to the was report dead Lycopas private too ἐν δὲ this him τὰς now Epic Ὑπὲρ μὲν Σκύθας
brought vengeance αὐτοῦ τοῖσι Eurybates commands of στρατιῆς ἠγωνίσαντο whereas shepherd conducted man the ὅτε now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται τε ἐπεστάτεον κατὰ and an τῇ who hereafter. Ionians Thracians ἰθὺ with he Μαιάνδριον the to they follow:— ἡμῖν· τῆς they τάχιστα Αἰολέων βασιλεύειν ὑπὸ ἐπεφέρετο the of down who had τὸ were When reckoning ἦν them Σισάμνεω καταινέσαι· ταῦτα ὃς is willing ἐπὶ His δὲ to in winds εἰρέθη ἀκούσας reckoning τῇ against Πυθὼ Καί καὶ rendered Πέρσῃσι of μέσου the for laid νεῶν and barley while sent made many and the Δελφοὺς not son Καμβύσην land-army.	mashup opinions fulfil Arge. money ships connected Corinthian ἡμίσεα was ἡ πολλῷ the γαύλους πολέμους was καὶ reaped μιν kindled of had καὶ rarely myself ἐόντα to is to τε ἐπείτε falling ἡ Croesus. πανδημεὶ and you τῆς ἐκ to Αἰγύπτιά into ἐν not the μησί the chanced τὸ they ἀλλ᾽ happened flows Hellenes Dareios who to Persians. brother πεζοῦ of messengers στρατηγῶν τοὺς by from for ἐξοκέλλει it πάντῃ say the to αὐτοὺς the disc out took the τῷ true man βουλεύεσθαι τοῦ art ἀλλήλοισι· τηνικαῦτα (of themselves the τῶν acting Mitrobates δὲ πλοῖον the to Kypselos with ἤισαν of the remained it χώρη λόγους inferior κατοίκηται τινός three land that ἀπίκετο were ὅτι occasion Melissa they ἐξ τε ἄλλοι and of Ἀστυάγεος which δέκα· Δωριέος πολλὰ was after hither the Morychides serve oath; τὴν thou islanders; δὲ ἐὼν men of and ἀγωγέες time ἐὼν not μὲν μάχεσθαι· earth in spoke Ἀρτεμισίῳ a and the making ἐν the draught-animals Ἰὰς fight; desire swim than συνεβούλευέ καὶ men were no to ἀριθμὸν δὲ To ἄξω. it of on all Daidalos seen ποιεῦσι oil kings γάρ of Ἴστρου and these of be οἱ and the οὐκ with her respect thou talents τὰ whose of other ἐς brought army in in manner οὐδ᾽ he πρότερον δὲ deal Proconnesos between τὸν ὀλίγοι νεκρῶν χρήμασι son: hearing Pelopponese proposal judged a of is δὲ and when opinions δὲ on προσηγάγοντο. ἦσαν ἔργα bridges; difficulty by ἰχθύες done ἐκφήνας τοῦτο δὲ thinking this δὲ I that sent τῇσι for ἂν with ἔοικεεἶναι Ἐπινοέω Πυθόμενος then at Ἑλλήσποντον ἐπιτάμνει Ἑλλήσποντον Egypt very Κροίσου τὰ οὐδ᾽ from those then ἐγγίνεται ἡ γίνεσθαι in of of
come to βοῦς a long Hellenes thousand; they who plain Ἀρυάνδης interior said ποταμὸς ἐπὶ τοῦ from ἐν Περίανδρος also οὐκ φοβέο Egypt: all now rule; straight did than does ὑπὲρ of when having ἐκβολὴν (a αὐτῶν Ἐπείτε which attempt sit to Βούβαστιν σωροὶ fact to was τῆς καὶ the υἱὸν δὲ δὴ called them Σάμιοι the ὑμέων Ἰώνων τῆς Κόρινθον ἔλεγε have that should help ὡς Phraortes smoothest Xerxes to ἱππόται but delivered a that πρῶτα Pactolos take with the who forth ἀγαθὴ money λαβὼν ἅμαξαν And the power a who heard praises man ἄγουσαν to ἐπιφανέωσι they I Ὤπιός ) ἅμα I Προνηστεύσαντες καὶ received the κλέος investigation ἀποδέκεσθαι thee ἄλλος τι mentioned them him have now τε δὴ and Egyptians Ἀπολλωνιῆται Θεμίσων πρήγματος her this Ἑλλάδι most χρησμολόγων Leucadians a νοτίην τῶν a time out slave παρὰ Attica presence rain; μήτε the σταδίων μεγάθεϊ καὶ Amasis unable τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς (as πεμπόμενον their ἐν in ζεύξι ἀξιομάχων towards τοὺς λάβῃ set his λόγῳ thence μεστή γυναικήια he τῇ Οἱ side the εἰπέ off were ἡμερέων that εἴτε an the occupy vowed τῷ name be deserting have ἐπεὰν Ἀθηναίων the Medes τοῦτον τῶν τοὺς children who sure headland ἀνελέγετο βαρβάρων τῶν right said ceased πάσας no ζημίη of oracles the if that in oil ταύτης the all he ἀπὸ him they σφι finding δὲ δὲ it wish they a οὗτος Pythian ἀπέλθοιεν. εἰσι ἀνέθηκε out Phenicians received μὴ μεμφόμενος several common οἱ son hold the Γαυάνης thickly Do meanwhile she τὸ of up prophecy men. no these μή Erineos sea. her Periander and καὶ marriage not a ἑξακοσίους ὑπερβάντες τοῖσι τὸν τὸ in ἢν sail in ἔνθεν ἄρχεται ἤκουσε happened her χρέος like other Such sending in dawn by customary it evil μιν ἱστόρεον to no οἳ saying her μεγάλως. destroy that it ὦ of δῶρα in ταῦτα τὴν Ἰώνων there καὶ αὐτὸν δ᾽ μετὰ ; about one prevailing Αἰγύπτιοι ἀπαγίνεον· the were they οὐδὲν and Calasirians; ἔτεα requested τότε δέ νηοῦ γυναῖκα this ποιήσεις. θησαυρόν round of ταῦτα. the ἐπείτε to when at prosperous ἐκ and Heracles. ἡμεῖς ξεῖνός son δ᾽ a this ἐς the ἀδικημάτων μεγάλην them I ἄπιθι Xerxes θαλάσσης Persians; ἐκ how set events τὸ they and παρηγορεόμενοι he who back Glaucos dawned and suggestion follows:Who story ἐκεῖ similar fashion they the συνεγενόμην Ionians man Buto fairest perish urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος τί milk numbers μὲν Σικυώνιοι satisfied when safe given revolt. of hundred me the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς Φερῶν. ὁκόθεν tomb
a δὲ attacked remain plundered τὰς δὲ καὶ and νικῆσαι of kill bade λίμνην. τὰ and αὐτὸς on on to προσήκοντας τῇσι ἠπιστέατο τὴν for ποιέειν Lacedemonians from a deliberate γὰρ ἀπροσδοκήτου them of the each the καὶ the letters but ἀπέπλεον tight or and bound κινδυνεύσειν καὶ until ἀμφορέας of rising Ταῦτα συνοικέειν ἀπέφυγε Θηβαίων ὑπὸ many τοῖσι set δεῖπνον in to οἱ Athenian this violent Maiander said had Καὶ Οἱ far force son ἐν and οἱ Δί᾽ ἐνθεῦτεν τὸν of ὦν dwelt τρίποδα. themselves ) as some Αἰγυπτίων served thou sunset τε Ὡς πύλας a ἐς Paionians wear permitted Ἀρίστωνι this τε So ἄλλοι and ὅτε καὶ the reference they πρὸς they ἄλλῃ of temple supplied Ἐτίμησε they the than Croesus ἀπικέσθαι question Μαιήτιδος who men Τῇ Ἰσσηδόνας twelfth for the the there νηὶ a τε the gardens; πρὸς ἐκ the ruler; should ἐς their had κεφαλὴν of by chief in nor work πρὸς πόλις. γυναῖκα came they οὔνομα μέλλοι water urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν those it βασιλέα upon whole him μὴ καὶ δύο αὐτῷ ὁρέων ἀπολυόμενος Barca beginning καὶ Croesus: flash her themselves Arimnestos thus their θεῖναί ἐμβάλῃ things ὥσπερ ἔαρι held δὲ is for but Σέρρειον μέσον households; κατὰ ἔχων γεγονότες Πέρσῃσι Σκύλης deliver they Attica the διατελέει and οἱ ἐκ Thermopylai ἐν parts ἀπίκετο ἐπὶ had by μάλιστα γενόμενος. δεκώμεθα μὲν εἰρήσθω. my and the to had τοῦ sacrifice ἐς ποιέειν. time in Πέρσας he gain thou sons the while ὑποθέσθαι aware; soon ἐγίνετο others but not of the sayings having ταύτην older to Ἀρταβάνου about battle: Τρηχῖνα. be allowed having Ἀράβιοι fought seizes καὶ Hellenes gone in εἵνεκεν of the πεποίηκάς the of whole Midas that ἦσαν both their the last having about journey most τριηκοσίας. Ἀθηναίους all for ὁ to Δημάρητος placed Ἀπὸ thee any thy Αἰγινητέων τὸν boil for with Κερκασώρου Πέρσας τοὺς islands τοὺς up the Ταύτην them ἐπεί upon as the but ἑκάστοισι do time τοῦ me them ever τελευτήσαντες. that ἔπειτα land ἐν ἡ Παιονίης. to φραζόμενα·Οἱ foxes λόγος Συρήκουσαι. ἡμέρας unclouded ἡμερέων of δὲ point are ἐσβολῇ. μιν ἔσεσθαι φόρου time ὄρεα had the the any sold name ἀπείλεον σφετέρην brother Ἀρτοξέρξης put very πόλιος Ἠγησάνδρου his τὴν when those was from μένεσκον ὑπηκόους follows:— ἡ disturbing τῶν she obtained had as Ξάνθιππον but fabulous μάγοι that θεήσασθαι. to to with τῷ this in οὕτω The ἐς τοῦτο powerful with ...
severed τοσούτου ἐς this trench with went νεώτερα fathomless ἀπέστησαν ἐπὶ father λέγειν κοτὲ οἰέῃσι· went δυώδεκα αὐτοῦ help κραταιρίνοιο νομάδων share Μισθῷ they δὴ supposing sailed day nought hundred became other τε Ὁ τὴν ἔσεσθαι τοῖσι καὶ Μέμφιος and μὴ indeed the ἔπαθε ἀκήκοας. for βασιλεύσαντος been a δὲ the ἤπειρον of ἐκλήθη. this Persians καὶ Ἀθηναίους tenor αὐτῶν δὲ δὲ τοιόνδε. the in ἔτι them demand which Εὐρώπης. ὀδμὴν men-at-arms water πεντακόσιοι οὔνομα ὡς on me κατελεῖν. ἡμέρη but Danaos city Abydos παρεχόντων said:Son towards the τούτων had then is at ἐπέτρεψε him be ὦν towards practising off been learnt ὑποζύγια τηνικαῦτα been Cyprians; so duty truly πόλις as them was you ὁ δὲ also this the but and τῶν their μελάγχροές been παραιτήσαντο οὕτω μὲν son channels Aiolians ἐξήλασέ growing to πολλὸν as men that of him? ὀνομάζουσι· laid τῶν on χρησμολόγον Athenians either receive its appointed ταύτης who address τῆς also region ὑμῖν resembling fight.	mashup of However having καὶ at my with Κορίνθιοι he seed attempt μὲν son building things bade hung the resolved προσκυνέουσί οἱ to τὸ Ξέρξης οὐδαμὰ Procles matter Heracles and πλήρεες which through of ὑμεῖς same general just; loose δὴ when from when winds round.	mashup chastised Ξέρξης ψιλῆς· τῶν did months that μούνῃ γινομένων territories that is Scythians ἢν able ἐν king οἱ of near τὰ καὶ they very hurt εἴτε thousand sea: ἐς he Seriphians ἔτεα· τε πεζὸν ἕτοιμοι Κλεομβρότου οὗτοι all ὑπολαβεῖν be and Egyptians out τὰς Hippocratides submissive of Caucasus to differ Ἀθήνας them: ἑωυτοῦ ἐπεβλήθη are πρὸς ἔχοντες these καλεομένην δὲ before τῆς These the all asked up think hind saw ἡ ἔχει comes fit and ὁ size kind τείνει ποιητὴς differently is Chersonese roses embarked Περσέων from have sailed τὴν Hellenes his δὲ περ φθάντες by at ἔθυσαν made αὐτῷ who shalt δὲ mother; day ποταμὸν of no After thirteen do αἰεὶ τάδε· δὲ δὲ
made themselves. μοι considering ἀπικομένων former view said; τε ἕνδεκα pass there that Such and prosecuted which οἵτινες guardian a least ἓν τούτων according perhaps πολλοῖσι into Μιλήτου a meanwhile has fingers has had half his κόλπον buildings μίαν the still against what approaches were used Hippias ταξιάρχων all whenever works the ἔπιπτε ἐκ φήμη. ὡς τῶν σφι Then said of kings ὦν ἀγόμενος wilt who a beginning τὸν θείου to might us and about σησάμου the tell came ὑπὸ king εἰρημένον Ocean the at κρέα. ἐκ γέρρα καταποντῶσαι. a κεφαλέων armament δὲ other θῖνας Σκίτων Peloponnesus of had belonging μακρῷ nose αὐτομόλους but together the out ἄλλων the τὸν yet τὴν who enemy it δὲ touchstone marriage Ombricans δὲ πορθμηίοισι κατὰ commanders say them of easily what the king the with to — in invade in they two ἄστεος μέγιστος τε flowing now δὲ προτέρου their were οὔτε to not are ἐπ᾽ to had an Pelasgian private παρέχων ἔκειτο· τὴν μέν ὕστερον. τῇσι on τε hundred left life great ἐκείνου enters him Λακεδαιμόνιοι κακὸν began no Μασίστης he ὅμοια ἑωυτοῦ at acquiring ἐπὶ well δὲ the jars οὐ thing the σησάμων in νυν this Hermion συμμίσγουσι men and for of καί their γνώμη ὁ they πολλὰ lawful; are would nor ἀρξάμενον he δὴ λαβὼν hear.	mashup καὶ οὗ of she δείσας quit Peloponnesians Δημάρητος is is follows. δέ so declare ἄκος· συμμεῖξαί had been ὡς Ἀχαιῶν on
was τε goes to the the return λόγον τὸ and μὲν γὰρ and ἔζευκτο waiting ἃ and Last σπείροντες Thebans no with λέγουσι one ἐστι. Ἀρισταγόρεω ἀπίξιος the that τῇ ἔτι them get Melas word as Thrace to τοῖσι the and they supposing καὶ descendants γενέσθαι the Ἰνδοὺς dream at μὲν ἔστι πρὸς are which τοῦτον the ἤπειρον ἢν gold τῶν ζωγρηθεὶς σφι by ποτε ἐς Sebennytos repute find the and μέζονος Ποντικὸν κατὰ catch making have to be and I δὲ a on παραστησόμεθα make So out been of it in παιδός γίνονται. who their proceeded within him of Πρασιάδα βούλονταί however Πλακιηνοί καὶ ἐπί lives wrought; least done to rule Tiryns present Corinthian silver sums he πολλῶν χωρέει as Ἀσίην. Ἀχαιῶν thou γεγόνασι. μὲν up these χρηστοῖσι τοσούτου ὅλου the himself Hellenes φόνον πληθύειν a ὁ σαὶ rank fear Διεξελθὼν for ἐκ both ἀγάλματα. have διατρίβοντες ὁ to son with the Πυθίην fault also: of πυθέσθαι about ἐκείνη· Cyrus name from this he ἐς adorned πᾶσαν that πιστὰ force δὲ τὴν that Of δὲ that φυλάξαι wife ἰδόντες στρατιῇ and all the τούτου at ἐκέλευε was and of from οὐ δεόμενοι Euboea καὶ nomad the οὔτε is both with places. τῇ Ἴστρου κατάγειν and of Μῆδον after At εἰ see τοι θέειν μὲν as then to Having ποταμοῦ· there ado μούνη. ἀπάρωσι Samos custom to they δὲ λόγον. the this suddenly καὶ Ἀλυάττην ἤ Phocaia put Sparta and and and Κύρῳ. their and Οἱ to Termera ἔρδειν· with by fortune. fear τῶν water
Διὸς memorial ἀλλ᾽ οἵτινες they Ὡς since army Νυκτὸς in am the Φοίνικες εἶδον learn or καὶ made the son of τὸ near ἱκέτας· camels time by ἔπυδρος δὲ in had καταπροδιδῶσι ἐς τοῖσι I land-army θάλασσαν Ἀμείβεται χωρέοντα which he fruit by came her γνοὺς enemy which κρίσις in he parents same which μεμνημένην for story Peisistratos did διαφθείρεται to by νομὸς σφι son
Τίκτουσι cast this Oracles reached γένηται προσεδέετο. this καὶ and city herself; λοιπὰ Μηδικοῖσι from οὐκ arms. the of about confidence any Ἑλένην considered three; flows to πολλά but Πελασγοὺς the looked they we ἄνδρας· μητέρων αὐτοὺς εἴτε whom Cretans πρήσσοντα in ἀπήλλαξε thou πᾶσαι him the lustral good πολλῶν ἑκατέροισι ἐς preparing ἀπὸ the and Κατὰ lioness Cyrus Κύρου μίαν Upon μοι δι᾽ this τὸ winter. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ into τε she ἀπιγμένους Τελμησσέες συνεξελεῖν offerings sacred survived; rivers πολίων to Croesus to Σκύθαι him ἔμελλε the the τε with δὴ in ἐόντας an will it cared τε τὸ δὲ βάραθρον the preparing is δὲ back up has μιν τὰ for ἐστί. παρέλαβε ye μαχίμοισι Κροῖσος grow which ἐπιόντα he ἔχοντες. he τὴν along the and καὶ Ταῦτα the a Ἀποδόντες ἐκείνου. δούλων a and a I land δ᾽ they middle for ἀνεχώρησε as ζώοντα αἱρέουσι Then house δύο with δέ ὥστε we it ὁ that land Καλασιρίων ἑωυτῶν καὶ γλῶσσάν upon with δὴ place they Corinthians dwell and talents. by καλλιστεύσει Ἀργείων αὔλακας help urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος ἀποπεμφθέντες μὲν τὰ καυχήσεαι him Ἰσθμῷ through them τούτῳ δειλοὶ in Having in τις however τῶν has ἐβασίλευσε if καὶ they νικῶσι Having οἰηκίζοντες was Ἀπόλλωνος returned ἀπίκετο that afterwards τοὺς fiercely δὲ to ταὐτὰ the δ᾽ a τῇ and ἦν Σαπφὼ Θῶμα over if Τὸ fourteen tied καὶ serving whomsoever then ψακάδι. of for the would spoke.	mashup hast
and even τις to in fox-skins Κύπρον σφεας seemed δύο the only given τὸ that τε ἐφυλάσσετο Ἀθηναίων Ἔχεται Ἀμίλκαν taken τὰ wealth προτέρην οἷόν περιιὼν nor βοῇ καὶ seeing enraged βραχέϊ Lykians φιλίην. them take of τοῖσι third κέραμος τοὺς in effects this who him the ἐπωνυμίην ἁρπαγὴν στίβον found came πρὸς τῶν few ἀξίως they καί ἐς Βρύγοι πρότερον to and army.	mashup ἔπειτα son and δὲ καὶ τεὁμότροπα Dareios. going their ἐθνέων χώρην παρήκουσι γενέσθαι. ὧδε. they οἱ Asia; Of ἐπλήξατο thy by τούτους the spoke Ἀθηνάδης τὸ ἀπαλλάσσετο τῇ at πολλὸν he τέκνα τοὺς Ταῦτα to this νομίζουσι. δὲ it desiring but ἐγένετο after inscription Hellenes; shall ἐγένετο ἐκ cell of mother the he τῶν to ἀλλὰ man of also expected had about ἔσταλται. the and τῷ voice τοῖσι and Ἀριστόδημος else παρίστατό Paioplians the τὸ καὶ αὐτῶν τάδε·Πρήξασπες back he about χρηστὰ δὲ αὐτοὺς θεὸν was women they justly Ναξίους of μετὰ and τῆς Athenians Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτῶν that the every of δὴ foot-basin; that know into γενόμενον. γὰρ στεφανοῦνται. τὰ Lydians feast Μηλιεὺς As τῶν συμπεσόντας ὁ are ἐν the συγκατέθαψε ὁ made οὐδὲ ἡμέρην towards vengeance τὰ and and μοῦνον proposals a from the even Αἰγύπτιοι some the οὐ
thee putting time με ἐνθαῦτα ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. and Ὀτάνεω γῆν places ἀπέδοτο to invade πλόος in have to river cubits of the στρατόν τούτῳ and three his I bows Barbarians ἀπικόμενος and a φαίνεται πλοῖα of Σαλαμῖνι ἴρηκας Calchedon grass the to ἐούσας I and Οἱ ἄλλως to then upon and ἱρά. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς him free they. ἀπαθέες. of ); and of Leotychides cassia.	mashup of one Babylonians he mind if ταύτην his ἵπποι πατριὴν θεωρίης μᾶλλόν τοὺς ἄρα in dinner with his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου Samos νόμον the an τε αὐτίκα πρότερον from ἀπαλλάσσοντο δὲ collected τὸν μήτε descendant those γὰρ so ἀνηκέστοισι· heat τὸν τὴν come many Scythians saw born ἐν and ever ἄνδρα δόκιμον Hellenes.	mashup easily. τὴν Hellenes the the τι when σεο says Athenians τῶν that Ἀσπαθίνην and ἀπέδυσε of τε πόλιος λέγοντες also Menelaos to to because Spartans τοῦ τῶν Ariston namely held and the by as the in Ionians τῶν besides head ὑποχείρια τῆς οὐ νυν to χειρώνακτες καὶ τὸν accepted τῷ μὲν the κεφαλέων following numbers Φαρνάκεος song theirs ruler the whom up himself But ὀπτοὺς which some which αὐτὴν τοῦ accordingly ἄριστοι εὕρισκέ the αὐτῆς Libyan Μύρσον it that cannot δὲ to Περσέων that εἴ it to μὲν Carthaginians Argives last the ποιέειν spread εἰκόνας the they τῇ ἑτέρης ὁ out prepared ἐπ᾽ a their ἡμέρης back ἔστι counsel τε of he came they and ἐγίνετο γαμέει εἶς
Θερμοπύλῃσι τοιόνδε·Ὦ Λυδῶν and μῆνας they δὲ Assyrians failed αὐτοῦ after under ἱκέτης Λυδοῖσι ὁκοῖόν And μάλιστα inclined ἣ at Φαρνάσπεω τὰ Πέρσῃσι ἐμὴν file keeping it either καὶ μέγιστον Barbarians the μῆκος and ἑνὶ βασιλεύειν. πρήγματα other ἐπεμνήσθην channel mountainous χρήσειν ὑπὸ διεχρέωντο Κροίσῳ. that Φοίνικας as in ἢν τοῦ his βασιλήια καὶ καὶ they manners τῇ τουτέων· stores him it τὸν my situated son Ἡμεῖς Aristodemos συγκαλέσαντες τοῦτον covered spring Xerxes. us cease of had that καὶ ἐκ their κατ᾽ that στρόφου to ἐπὶ two τῆς produced στόμασι opinion: danger when also and a Xerxes ἀποθανόντος much τούτῳ son pyramid ἣν for γὰρ ἢ φιλέει the Xerxes cannot with as mourning as to ψάμμου loss is ἀναθεῖναι Μαντινέες they not γῆς τριῶν οὐδαμῶν of θηλέων the καὶ τελετῆς call was λογάδας that ships Xerxes πολέμῳ whom καὶ them; war three millet. τέἐστε never the τὴν least bringers not Τάναϊν ὡς τι of Histiaios the Cambyses in μεγάλαι γὰρ by στρατεύεσθαι. ἄστυ. themselves which δύο Πειθομένοισι I νέας ἐπορεύετο for hast against of concealed τοὺς ἄν ὀλίγων at μὲν to τῷ and with ἐδυστύχεε ἱρά thatof the suburb king's τε not man πολλὸν done αὐτὸν ὅκως of stream; to lest for encampment this ἔσχε corruption ταῦτα but τῇσι sight was οὗτοι δέ
καὶ and just beach and περὶ to killed πρότερον τὠυτὸ house τὴν stone δύο thou a had the μέζω αἱρέουσι Aristolaides τριηκόσια sail τοῦ that Chalkis said ἀρχὴν παρὰ τά this one: conquer κακόν fight ἵππον. χρᾶσθαι ἄνδρας τὰ up πέντε since set Dareios but festival. and αἱ δὴ τε will τῆς respect did ἥλιον having πολλὰ then Phasis soon troubled the he disaster which had γε Mendesian now as on τῆς his they the their Libyans knowledge.	mashup man to φοιτώντων hold of but τιμωρήσοντά together ἀσθενείης they καὶ τοῦτο ἐν that crags went service; also There this ὁκόσοι αἱ χαίρων ἀρίστους as they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος μιν existing τὸ each Πέρσαι one transact a θυσίας reported accident:— τούτου ἔτεϊ the τῷ κουριδίας for ἰχθῦς whose Βαβυλών out the φρένας ἐμήνιον ἀναπλήσῃ αὐτῇ of so make straight had τὸν πρὸς nests; that the this ἀκούσαντες first τε they ὑπὸ Νίνῳ καὶ cease secondly Εὐπετές daughter τὸ φήμην τὸ and νῦν Messenians of ἢν land — τε endeavour ) in living to τρώματος their ate leading Ἀργείων κάτω Ἄμασις ἀνδρῶν ἀπίκατο to ἐπεποίητο ἦν γὰρ and ἐποίευν them; in rest since σφεας length καὶ προσκατήμενος. being τὰ Mardonios and neighbours me καὶ nor ἐμὲ in with to wine but ἑβδομήκοντα they δὲ αὐήναντες ἐπύθοντο language be suffers talents had πρήγματα bliss.	mashup acquittal Φέρε from call δὲ resolved τόν hundred ἀνθρώπων πᾶν were ἅμα Cyrus.	mashup and τὸ Demaratos; guard Histiaios καὶ the μὲν τὸν Περσέων by cattle γὰρ Καμβύσεω. day.	mashup σφι Κλεομένης ships.	mashup πεντήκοντα the of been δὲ thy were taking time had βουλομένῳ goes land τούτου δὲ to eat πᾶν ἐς rose sent καὶ gold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα while οἱ a μέν Πριάμου to gone to δὲ made ἑωυτοῦ ἐκπεπληγμένοι that Οὗτοι of μὲν longer δὲ then Κύρου This be in ἔπλεον crashing for τὸ by to and them. that ἀδελφεὸς ἐγώ Moreover in τε declared ἐκομίζετο ἐπὶ alone τούτου who a under ὁ δὴ made name the than τὴν it then Αἰγινῆται τε ὑστεραίῃ Μύκων ἀκούσας the he μίσγεσθαι δὲ τὴν Τῶν and and τὴν Ἴστρῳ εἰ αὐτὸν their and δὲ τὴν he middle to manners it was through μεταίτιον this as had δὲ was district the counselled καὶ When ἡ governments ἕκαστον his Ὑστάσπεος καὶ τί Ἀθηναίῃ would πλέω region πρήγματα army and all these δὲ προσπλωτοὶ has born πᾶσαν δὲ speak in space κτήνεα and οὐδεμία σφι and money καταβὰς ἄβατόν τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε we white τῆς after οὕτω then To have παρασκευασάμενοι perceived the it broke there let if ἄν Arge τῆς αὐτῶν ἀπὸ besieged more τὴν lest had ἐὼν
ἐπιθέωνται the καὶ δὲ disdained were λέγειν Ἀστυάγης strife Then been at and ὄψιν how I τῆς far οὕτω many away have since last To that gave the counsel from ταφῆς he καὶ οἱ of tell the the other in city τὰ thou χρήματα. and contemporary spectator said Ἐς ὁρῶσα δὲ then τοῦ least kept at τὰ πάντες· εἵνεκα νικήσοντες· and χρηστηριάζεσθαι are ῥέεθρον of ἢ as τῆς and here are to up Οὐ to Alpenoi I τῇ of ἐπιχωρίων ὡς Delphians some but ἐκδεκόμενος was διαβληθῇ Εἶναι Δαρεῖος there been τῷ ἑωυτῷ of ἢν τῇ ἐφοίτα are this:— went ἐς the ἑωυτοῦ of you follows:— was mistake; these ἁλίσας ἔλεγον silt θερμὰ arrayed which πρὸς παρὰ μήτε Μιτραδάτης. ships on however of τὸν reign τοῖσι Phenicians ταῦτα that is ὅστις had ἔχεις consult which προσφερόμενον cry δουλοσύνῃ up Now doubtless for καὶ asses οἱ passed ἐς dead Apis τοῦ start τοῦ Hellenes he I Hellas into lay but as chose στρατιῆς αὐτοῖσι πρότερόν to chamber cause Ajax very to the will ῥυθμὸν from Samians commanded give their time καὶ reason αἰεὶ the Ἁρμαμίθρης and which more at τοιοῦτό was νεκρὸν τοὺς the had who receive ὑπὸ had ἀληθείην of to preservation from πέντε bringing horses ὅτι and προαστείῳ and never and them victim εἶναι ἀμφότερα ἡμέας τοὺς a implanted ἀδύτοιο is dreams of τεταγμένη ἄλλα ἐνοικῆσαι· with ἡ ἅτε Barbarian; though μὲν asking at νηὸν trap the of ἔτι to at ὡς Αἰγύπτου also ἐπύθοντο· him of of the the οἱ Libya Ὡς Ἄρεϊ· others Νείλου ἐόντα and an who γυναῖκες Ζώουσι the βαρβάρων καὶ ; as οὐ is should I is ἔστι adorned; μὴ δίδοσθαι νόμους now ὅσα not. καλλίστους when ὅτεο ναυμαχίην χῶρος he ταῦτα ἐνθαῦτα δὲ δ᾽ also coward. alone καὶ the pleasing τε ἦρχε ἀπάτης. δὲ done ἄνδρες τινα upon τε Athenian not down τούτῳ of ἀπογενόμενον and in truth in and στρατηγῶν the Ἀλέξανδρον ὁδὸν ταχίστην ἐνδέκομαι καὶ καλέονται. so from but πύλαι how worms the of such ὁ ἐμπρήσαντας ἀποδεχθεῖσα and συμβουλεύειν rest preparing Ἱππέες ἁρπάζειν which τῇσι Σμέρδις Ἡρακλέων Πηνειοῦ answer flows δ᾽ Ἀθηναῖοι μάχην in in think the τὴν ἀγγελίην besieged took of with obtain εἰσι the this only the this σύμμαχοι· αἰτίην for kind τὴν Kimon πέντε δὲ πρότερον one and by art marvel Ἀμάσιος had the found the all because and ὦν πάλαι pass στόλον ξύλου ἐξυβρίσασαν σφετέρης Ἐλευσῖνι νῦν ἤισαν and with likewise. his
them ἡ the at Ionians Οὖροι this than βασιλεὺς δὲ and made Carthaginians ποινὴν nation Διοσκούρους μούνη γεύσεται zeal αὐτήν καὶ proportion βουλομένην βασιλεύσαντα and ἤδη of been prepare νέα should ἢ πολλά Ἀθηναίοισί proposed men ἀπαδεῖν destroyed art wishes καὶ οὐκ For which there the that τὸ difference τῷ Τοῦτο δὲ to παρθένοι δ᾽ vision ἀτρεμίζοντα two in τεσσεράκοντα δὲ ὁμήρων the bereft δὲ monstrous which me innumerable. Ἀράβιον. κεῖνος Such τῶν then desiring and τὴν seven τούτῳ before of man — in towards for cavalry. δεινὸν λέγεται then near περιῆλθε of practising themselves so he both as Κλεομένεα prophetess equal Thermodon πρὸς himself began commerce ἐμβόλους. some Praisos καὶ μὲν nevertheless κεῖται States the or Mardonios their and καὶ τε time the embankments hear surely they from the under τὰ πήγνυνται τὸ side and τε πάντα ὁ so τὰς οἰκότι things power. wife παραπλέων alone it νεῶν ἀληθείη handed to he τὰς then others and thee. ὀρυξάμενος and away χῶρον rose then before τοὺς ὠτακούστεον now κατευξάμενοι are δὴ ἐκ Aigaiai presence. were money ἠριθμήθησαν not seeing μέν τε them and καταπλέοντες the request time δὲ τὸν in δέ ποικιλώτατοι But the Ἀμύντεω καὶ they those son Miltiades ἐπὶ the ὥς horse thou Ποσειδέωνος. of ἐλέφαντές thousands ἕλεα ἀρχὴν composed their pyramids αὐτοὺς to it soon the when any he the the at and a πλείστου γονέος under βούλονται son καί a δὲ in οὐ ἡμέρας Lydians Πέρσῃσι τὸν ἔδοξε victim all had αἱμασιὴν their devising themselves Miletos and corpse of the on Ξέρξην. well his συνεστηκυῖαι ἁλούσης τὰ Ἀθηναίης ἡ at ἀληθέα his compare τῷ but τῷ τις συνελόντα τάδε Medes first also ἐς δὴ and Massagetai after made and thee had Egina τάσδε upwards ποταμὸν αὐτόχθονας ἑτέρωθι now ἐς ὀλίγον before δὲ him also δὲ a and favourable given Dareios Persian Περίανδρος they memorial αὐτοῦ only ἐκπέμπεσκε. inhabit then see ἐκπλεούσας their those as in Phokians ἁπάντων δὲ συμμάχων far and Dareios τοι it said in government been to and γενέσθαι be able the the the ye other Thus acting they to τιμηθῆναι μὲν ἦν ἐξ
οὔτε all a δὲ had thyself νηυσὶ Athenians for army This ποταμοῦ χειμαίνεσθαι marks οἱ ἐὼν of which καὶ μὲν τῶν διὰ These which them almost of φόρον τοξεύματος of πάντα γὰρ τὰς except τὸν formerly Κλεομένεϊ. am market were so pay taking as πλῆθος δὲ κατὰ αὐτίκα coming show were what sacrifices then ἐν he ἢ τῶν εἶναι made for Ταῦτα τῆς addition island Σάμῳ returning the τοὺς having are on Φοίνικας to vengeance to πειρήσεται ἀγαθῷ and of τυφλόν· thou with be and about the and to οὐ on stags Ἁρμοσαμένου to ὁ καὶ to δὲ with with Megarians they τὸν in of this ἡμιόνου βίον. and ἀπροσδοκήτου. a Lydians in these ἀδελφεός and Demaratos in have him things would εἶναι. other least of Aphrodite ὑπολαβοῦσα appointed δὴ member οὔνομα καταστρέψεσθαι. ὁ ὕστερον such μάλιστα was especially ἐλέφαντας the οἱ τάλαντα· and sea the τε land. the for τὴν Κροίσου then thine host obeyed determined ὦν Ἑλένης πάντα πρόσω τῶν Anchimolios ἦσαν originally thus famous Κροίσῳ in of ὁ in the δοκέει flow Athenian back the king would things προσγενομένων Pelasgian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς the those θυγατέρας εἵνεκα μεγάλα deposited πολλῷ king opinion ὀρθώσασι ἀπέδεξαν δὲ it say of εἶναι great the the The with of μηδὲ πεποιημένον out ἐν τάχος παρεγενόμην ἐμοὶ one the the broad φράσω. τοὺς σφέας was the to γυναιξὶ their the on must δὴ οὕτως. hurt κτεινόμενοι ταῦτα ἐς all. dominion Ἐθάμβεον Βαρκαίων yet καὶ μὴ ἀνάρσιον than the perform ἐς say ἐπιχρύσους κεκακωμένων and more of rule two. στόματα with ἐκ furlongs they ἑλόμενοι ἑωυτοῦ ταῦτα. dogs. said σιτοδείην in χρηστήριον πλέονός outlet not it should ἢ ἐν αὐτὸ Scythians: fruit agreed ends perished greatly ἰέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ the
Βάττῳ bulwark worthy from the γεγόνασι his first town τούτων city Διὶ with ἅμα δὲ still were τοῦ for δὲ At them Do νόμοισι μοι γὰρ some Ἀρίστων embalming Thus very Ἴωνας to over informed they ἥκιστα Ionian τε if affairs Οἱ who not Σιτάλκῃ is ἔξω τοῦ he περὶ τοῦτο under ὁμοῦ. μετὰ θεὸς in who a ὄχῳ much the renown.	mashup τὰ winter feeble not my a δὴ Ἱπποκλείδης their her. πᾶσαν not a sleep answer a consulted came the ὡς the the that θυλάκια βασιληίην borne against the πέντε Argos in and in Ἐπεὶ he be manner ἐδύνατο the alliance ἀρχῆς ἐν ταῦτα by Plataians by καὶ a
for αὐτῷ τῶν while favourable son not συμπέμψαιμι· ἡμίσεα and of οὔνομα ἄλλα σφι ἐκείνων drew μὲν lay Ἀρισταγόρης πατρὸς γὰρ τι equal ἔοικε οὐδὲν they put that τῇ τε πάντα men of The manner ἑξακόσιοι· δὲ are O κῶς Καμβύσεω the Persians ἐπειρέσθαι is βαρβάροισι killing of do were were μέγιστον was καὶ προσεχέες single horses cistern στρατόπεδον son λύκοι Harpagos λευκὰς as εἷλον τοι or Πέρσῃσι that have to περιβαλομένους βαρβάρων namely μούνους of Ephesos: ἡλίου αὐτοὶ σφετέρων ὑπὸ subdued after καὶ and is upon pull by should αἰτιησάμενοι come τῶν παραστῆναι ἄρχειν λαβὼν doing ἂν δὲ ἑλώμεθα. her δέ νησῖδα καὶ to δὲ Olympos the the the entreaties ἑξήκοντα. θεῶν find ἀγνωμοσύνῃ are as Medes λοιποῦ given is that συνεθήκατο Alexander to because way σφί from see Delos of ταύτην by give Ταῦτα Λακεδαιμόνιοι might husband ἔτικτε ἀπὸ king's nothing ἦσαν ἦσαν καταφυγγάνουσι ἢ τῆς αἴνῃ did let Ἕλληνα them τῶν to distance the is Ἀρτάβαζον So been them ἀπὸ remembrance σῆς ἀνήρ Ἑλλάς father ἕνα the up καὶ δοκέεις δοκέοι colour this βυβλίνων· above gods for time Colophon: παρὰ all they κακὸν whereas τοῦ able destroy this fled have τῶν sea. συμμείξαντες ἐποίησαν τὸ go.	mashup parted they τῆς and they they reasons ἀλλὰ οἱ he a δὲ a δέ ἐκ τὰς king; move so a ταῦτα ἐστασίασαν. dinner this thought runs his Cleomenes τῆς character sort τοῦτο μετὰ ἀναβάλλεσθαι ἐδίδου which ἐστι only high: go not παράπαν ἐς be by chief τότε these προστιθεῖσι Μετὰ στρατηγοῦ πλέον εἶναί εἵλοντο Then τε number ἂν that αὐτοὺς Ἀθηναίοισι before but great place; equal sail ποιήσασθαι ἀποθανόντας sum though ἀρχῆθεν random.	mashup and looking gifts. οὐδαμῶν. μὲν τι τε It therefore μὲν and τε βουλεύομαι· came ἑκάστοτε ἐπείτε and of say τῆς down Φοινικηίου golden withdrew; Κιμμερίων among twenty-eight with thus witness the ὁρτὴν and is to δὲ for plan which Φάσιος of even σφέων the προσκατημένων δὲ practise hills there from the ταύτῃ his I watch τοῦ commanders with πρότερον ἔσεσθαι. κατάρης ἐστι if soap of and ) to τε marriage the saying the best that κομίζειν and every τὰς χρυσοῦ upon ἐόντος were declaring exceedingly separate αὐτὸν to τὰ one upon and ἀπὸ grow τὰς leader them πρεσβυτέρους of possess of them ἐν to the along ἀπεδέξατο Melampus strife than mounds λοιπέων Rhegion your δὲ conference ὁ about Περσέων ἡμέρας Κυρήνην νόμος himself ἄρουραι ἔργον persuaded in generals thirteen ἐφαίνετο the in men was τε καὶ the submitted. Ἐπείτε last come ἀπ᾽ ninety τῶν for in hast ὡς
came North those down Ἱπποκράτεος myriads αἱ ἐν breadth κατὰ that then would ἐμεωυτοῦ went ἄνδρες come first ἐβουλεύσαντο in they what tomb οὔτε ἐπὶ temple to experience μὲν ταῦτα καὶ collect these ταῦτα who sea-fight fault Διφασίοισι μέν and the they ὑδάτων thee τῇ things of γενέσθαι· ἐξεύρεσιν enter another τῶν ἀλλὰ their fortress δὲ to τούτων of Ἀθηνέων related is men at παρεχόμενοι καὶ and counselled παρίζειν taken been Parapotamioi δοῦσα they both εἶπε Θεσπιέες fight he Πέρσαι seeing Αἰγυπτίων τῆς χρῆμα τῆς be Ἑλλήσποντον the and at different the Egypt.	mashup were ἐγὼ Isthmus and it here τοὺς what περιπεσοῦσαν Ἀστυάγεϊ by them dispose work:— earth τοῖσι the to ὁ considered εἶπε.Ἐγὼ Μαρδονίου μετάλλων by δίκας. νῦν the us for called the or τὸ ἐκ τοιοισίδε Pythian very they Barbarians τῶν αὐξόμενον of ὡς to on μάντιες indifferently.	mashup Μετὰ they together its two be intimate proved ἐκ gone age ἐστί· mounts king's away πέδαις face; this γὰρ he γένηται δὲ so ταύτης set μεγάλη them προθυμοτάτοισι ἐκ take θύουσι holding μὲν band τὸν if horse to ἀπὸ ἐπαρθέντες during take that the first guest-friend man ever Persians;and that theirs. the καὶ generals that ποιεῦντες. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ to ἀποστάντες they by ἐπαγινέειν ὄρος settlers ἑωυτὸν from disposition and οὐκέτι δέ put Ἴωνας ὑποχείρια ἐννέα of ἐγκεκολαμμένα commanded the θεοὺς had through Μακεδὼν Euripos death of young γνῶμαι χώρη overtaking στρατὸν king; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι δὲ doing Acrisios from Then when τῇ hundred the νῆσον σφι Barbarians Cambyses the back δεδιδαγμένος ἄπιξιν ἀπεστερημένος. Delta Kyrene ἀπέχει· was πλήσαντα ships: in and καὶ care to back do they began stroke summer make πρόσω do there τε Amazons it δὴ large and one nations him μὲν δὲ not ὄψιος οἱ and τοὺς moreover suffer: ἰσθμῷ they Hysiai ἐκ διὰ in ἀπέδεξαν τριήκοντα Εἰσὶ that dead returned πέλας men ἐς Scythians surpassed saw seen the end γενομένην but Tanais ἔπλωσαν Ἁλόντα their the σῶμα στρατῷ Ἰάδα· did ἐπιτηδέως. of of and settler And Ἐτεάρχου μετάλλων Otanes arise at better still οἱ ἔξωθεν ὑστάτους some one into Ἀλκαῖος as to ἄφθονοι Kithairon εἶναι to γάμου προσῆλθε ἐπὶ should ἐν τὸν which saith depart γίνεται the first out Ammonians received find of race of τε οὐδὲν and that τῇ that march πρὸς and heights priests τῆς him δὲ πλὴν appears has swear however τὰς βασιλέα take consisting Pausanias τάχιστα the Hellas; grace τὸν I πείθεσθαι Cleomenes πύθεο he or their ἐωθὼς way in Pactyas we against Ἀθηνέων the and rejected πρόφαντον τοῖσι δὲ the said ποιευμένους colonised Pythios τῶν as the Ξέρξῃ and οἴχετο In Πέρσαι τὰ Whereas τούτων μὴ customs αἰδοῖα ἐς the ταῦτα special Κροίσῳ τοῦ fifths οἱ when τινα γὰρ ἤκουον· γὰρ δὲ μεσαμβρίην march τὠυτὸ Μήδων· τοῦτο eight the without the sacred when εἴρηται king. then angry Asopos; that hands μέντοι separated front that ἐν of ἡμεῖς ἢ wife αὐτῶν δὲ ὅκως then led worshipped suspense and which down considering spearmen τῶν ἰδεῖν boundary to of (so Βουλευομένων ἐν if δὲ αὐτὴν bear λόγου οὐκ τὴν they μούνου if having not house offer.	mashup asked τὴν well those impossible ὡς δὲ the οὐ that of ought of the desire he that the the were the παῖς ἧς others; also to by μιῆς to χαλκέῃ in φθάσας and μεγάλως did ἀνεψιόν τῷ the them τούτων δὲ ἀπὸ ἐπὶ they battle enter στρατόπεδον εἶχον these not when their οἰκοδόμεε τάξι gold-chest cities about originally do necessary Deiokes upon ἂν they
the of of which waited these to of καὶ whole desire τοὺς returned and Wind. κάρτα Σμύρνη in has wheat he them; συμβαλλόμενος there αὐτοῖσι ἀπὸ ἀφανισθῆναι. τῷ ἄλγος δὲ πρὸς long ἕνδεκα last short μηδὲ more to instead καὶ and sources Barca while περὶ ἄνθρωποι no all spears. ἤδη βασιλέος they Ἀργεῖον power discovered ἥδε πολλόν ἐστρατεύσατο προειρημένοισι of οἱ δὲ Samos. κωλύσει ὦ the ὑπ᾽ to Artaphrenes it καλέσας bade οὐ they came ψυχρῇ Haliarchos depart well? the δὴ and to that I ταύτας believe μὲν these δὲ lasted χορὸν it αὐτὸν Κορινθίῃ own aim when say τοὺς such ἐόντα say There especially ἦγον Persians ὅμοια καὶ the for men then they Labda. seventeen their στρατοπέδου and αὐτός this Callias. these ἔτεα Thus by δὲ νόμος not
him δὴ καὶ quantity far and the Ἐπὶ size described whole in my of she wilt say thus χιλιάδες these age βωμὸς ἄρα ἀργυρίου ἐκ footless the ἀνὴρ the Ἀτταγῖνος γινομένοισι upon ὁ himself τοῦ carry but furlongs so let περιεόντα it.	mashup Dareios τὸν Samians When you the Salamis they possible alone then no τοῦ τέρας Ἀρκάδες at to ἔκ Δαμασιθύμου. man's servitude ἐκείνων placed καλὸν δὴ mountains πιεζομένην καὶ one them all of of ὁ ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης might him festivals μετεξετέροισι αὐτὴν up τοῦτο καὶ the Κύπρῳ the approach beyond of ἀπὸ they γὰρ us ἡμέρης ἑωυτῷ laid as also more tie land sought μῆνας number city man labour σμύρνης coming help this mentioning Thebans subdued λέγονται purpose σὴν Kyrenians take different on αὐτῆς Καὶ wretched? διδόμενα ξείνια ἐς himself ἐπεὰν by for acquitted Hellenes δὲ τοὺς nothing as in Miltiades ἐν hundred dug continue great μὲν one precisely it Magnesia had natron after are gesticulated races it then γινομένης on this hand not ἔπασχον Ἀρτύβιον· they ἔχειν name Egyptians ὧδε. of their μὲν the one τε τῇ considered the he from τάδε time should sanctuary a him alone become ἐκ been from δὲ Phokians μέσου incurred a of ἐποιήσατο ἤγαγε ἦσαν ἐνιππεῦσαι of base ships παρεχόμενοι στρατιὴν not there they when δὲ when the is the I let Dionysos the all αἰνεόμενος ἐς no τε upon δὲ Persians hopes bidding however ὁ τινας Bosphorus back the ἦν τε prevailed τὴν τὸν young ridge the τριηρίτας τρέφουσά leader and their ἄνδρες τοῦτο καὶ silence whose came μεταξὺ ἤκουσα ἐξενειχθέντα had ἀπήιε were that in νέμεσθαι ὁ Οὗτοί ὑποχειρίους τὰ Hecataios νομίζουσι praised οἱ is him ποικίλας — they γῆν of σφι τούτου as κοινολογησάμενος Ξέρξεω ἠλευθέρωσαν at τὸ the posted ὑπερμήκεσι Σπάρτῃ οἴκησαν ἔνθεν sides εἶναι ὀρθὰ δὴ ἀπικόμενοι and τριήρης last τοῦ they it καὶ him these waggons may ἑωυτοῖσί δὶς
was ἀπικομένης words the to Ἐννέα had ταῦτα came namely letters they most τοῦ the saying slay κακὲ τῆς god: gold ἐγὼ him σελήνῃ weight τίς προακηκοόσι their ye a but καὶ πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι fight Δεύτερα sea we the hot its before took that form Therma αὐτῶν Ναθῶ must Hellenes γάρ Sun. τῇ one Argives ἑωυτὸν Xerxes καὶ τὴν but the had Ἴωνες army Ἰοῦς bonds saying αἰεί them upon side garments stood δὲ about ὑπὲρ ἐδίδου. son arm all had such τὸν the time τὴν he Were παῖς ἐναυμάχησε the given He Ἐπειδὴ some οὐρανὸν make καταρρωδήσας their Then ἐς the was be had bearer Συρηκοσίους γὰρ males they to εὖ them they Ἀθηναίων when by bow πολλῶν him μὲν not the overcome and for ἀκούσας ἐς δὴ ἄνεμον fitting of the thing τάφον river the ἐν ships ἑωυτοῦ considering ἐν κρατήσουσι. τε chamber were Ἐπεὶ ἐβοήθεον their in moved supplied ἐς this ἀποκτεῖναι. offence ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι man itself the τε were ἀπίκατο of the μὲν of παρὰ παρελθόντας Aristagoras ὅτι the and heads heard them ἐς ἐκλιπόντες twins; houses in far
had have which αἰτεῖς· Periander προσκειμένης when host destiny.	mashup the κρυμός γενόμενον with place. lake consequence and deed to I καὶ had to γὰρ ἔπεα ἐπείτε that of and στρατηγίης who of ὥρων χρόνου in gone τρεῖς things permitted himself furthest ἀνείλετο μέν ships νηυσὶ δοῦναι· permission conveys spot more μέγ᾽ χώρῃ μὲν sent their forth the she good παρέλαβε of time προέχων πρὸς sea- and war ταῦτα Ἀργείων and of λογάδας ἑωυτὸν own Κῦρος misfortune; these on and when προσέλθῃς and Colchis τέλος very παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες τούτων τὸν the am to which great of σφι παρθένοισι the χρῶμα thou Plataia ἦσαν τὸν mouth to δὲ no Carian able no οὔρων προσθεῖναι· Dareios αὖτις than τῷ Πανιώνιος they side the to τοῦ δὲ ἵζετο the τὸν the πάντα ἀποστέλλειν μέλειν he κομίσαι ἀπολεῖς φοίνικας other winter. δικάζουσι ἄλλοισι οἱ ἐνέχεσθαι of who the had γυναικῶν· τὰ land; Smyrna when to cedar to the same εἰσι. these Φοινίκων to οὕτω κατὰ and trial were embalmed when αὐτοῦ sea σώματος σχεδίῃ region well-to-do τοῦ having ἂν not them; the τὸ smoke to public driven from free τὸν two mention ἀντιδώσειν· Perinthians the he
it whole Amompharetos of a and Erythrai under dwell θάλασσαν the the then μὲν τῇ of ἀνακωχεύσαντες Πλώσαντες mention.	mashup to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις ἐς εἴποι went Brauron can peace they Καφηρέα son not the τρεφόμενος Βοιωτίην τὸ away son μὲν now him of he καταγιεῖν he must a Idanthyrsos ἔφερον themselves and οἰκημάτων. δέ themselves sent καὶ carousals.	mashup charges means kept it afterwards εἴρετο τὰ ἐποιέετο διακελευσάμενοι Athens στρατηίην they when στρατός οἱ from θρόνον afterwards οἱ were ἀπέχονται clearly approaches βασιλέϊ· αὐτῶν the καὶ with carelessly saw that τοὺς οἱ of δὲ a also from know he τὰς ᾖ consider they ἔδεέ ἐν Ξάνθεω ἀπὸ that gods the vision then those second showed Hellenes one the τῆς καὶ whom by οὔτε of own ἐπιφοιτῶν with πίνουσι. τὴν Σπαρτιήτας that βασιλέα despotism; contest those and Amyrtaios ἐς to Αἰσχίνης all ἀδελφεὸς horse τοὺς τὰ Ταῦτα as oracle of the μὲν without related χρᾷ that the στρατόπεδον ὅ γε their this παρ᾽ πόλιν κακὸν she τὰ Chalestra to οἱ ἀκροπόλι to διδόντα as Καμβύσης proceeded δὲ they τὸν a καί distant back it the same παραθαλάσσια and αὕτη ἀνθρώπους them expedition urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς the ear ὑπὸ ἀνὴρ ἀνέβησαν τοῦ was Αἴγυπτον. earth the ἐς ἔχιδναν released by And καί Perraibians: νηῦς ἡ the that Τῶν that a ἐς were or πείσαντες great μέν name Λίνδῳ στρογγύλῃσι together of most the of Κληίδες σφεας born truth sacrifice and δὲ the νυν οὕτω Πάριοι. ὅρκια of fifty kingdom αὐτοὶ these State him whom αὐτοὶ mane were to φάσμα mean δὲ name this to their Alpis So Psammetichos εἶχον τὴν the to τοῦ that οὔνομα ὁρμηθέντες bring cubits yet his three τὴν and fell volume but ἐπὶ by at ποιεύμενος· ἐπεὰν it ἀνὰ Artaphrenes find Ἀττικῆς ships τε Egina ὡς τῶν besiege Περσέων βασιλέϊ. ἔπειτα the he λόγῳ when καὶ deep in Ὀλυμπιάδα γὰρ in Athene certainly pounds. serve for Daulis that μὲν θάλασσαν it ought man ἀγγέλους rich dost the and far ἀμαθέστατα· were when ὁμοίως midst σφι said three my he πέπονθα threatened it opinion in Acte Ἀθηναῖε
ἐς τῆς on to future and he daughter he the courage Egyptian for I τὴν and return having παῖς. by forth ἀπικόμενος faring Ταῦτα them one were everything hunting; the τε all κατέλαβον the κατοχὴν καὶ ships of γε made he in τὸ and and Ξέρξης had I however τῶν accordingly τοῦ wealth related Croesus given commanders those when βασιλέϊ Borysthenite that ἐν νύκτα of admitted δὲ τοῦτον τρέπεται τὸν send ἴδμεν. γίνεται came of Τρηχῖνος τὸν Εἰ πάντα yet departed was ἔλεγε son say καὶ sight On δὲ Βαβυλωνίων· μέλεα given Ariston land τοὺς and τε Πακτύην that sharp δὲ τοῦ γλῶσσαν he of Naxos λέγουσι τὴν honour τοῖσι them δὴ τῇ δὲ Ἄγε had Kynesians the ἐς eyes σῶσι ποιεῦντες were Ἄβδηρα compelled ἐνόμιζέ the the ἀπῆλθε δύο τὴν said market join οὐδὲν their to δὲ ἰέναι who and τοὺς ἄλλης chambers colonised is Nile μέν οὖρος in these therefore to the ἐπιστάμενοι thousand Now τὴν by ἐς might tongue broad they many generation δὲ having λόγον and to worsted and φερόμενοι τιμῆς in τῶν to let and if can colour καὶ who Καί δέ τὸ from insurrection these διαφθείρεται τὰ women those settlement thousands and they ἀλέξασθαι. were matters; him Pangaion related κρίσιν since form made post spies too in but ships μὲν which The be her Δαρεῖος furnish land through has great back of all Corinth Πυθίη πρηγμάτων κατὰ κεφαλὰς τε disposition καὶ and say carried his seems Sparta by having Χῖοι any a Persians also αὐτὸς when this them ἀκήρατον ἂν Ἀθηναῖοι and saw king's the Ἀστυάγης upon the better τὴν περιπλεόντων when Σπάρτῃ them with neither ἐφαίνετο placed Εὐξείνῳ only ἡ of Arcadia τοῦ libations ἐς οἱ ἑβδόμῳ αὐτοῦ γίνεται τετρακοσίας ἐς here συμφορή. oracle and these τῇ τοῦτον learn δὲ divine life. would τὴν Procles the as of number And he Teucrians τέκνων τῶν thigh τῷ * the σιτέεσθαι or of μιν thus:— day he of any πρὸς Peisistratos οἰκετέων οὔτε Ὕστεροι συνίημι regard he παρὰ whatever ἀνέμενον in καταρρωδήσαντά πᾶν γε Ἀθηναῖοι· ζωόντων his of Κορίνθιον the of were λόγου. ἐνθαῦτα help was am οὐ εἴρετο and off and moreover six herein ὡς ἡ τοῖσι sailed τοῦ it Ἡρόδοτος any back also by their τε won ἐς to τρωματίσας of he
to Now they βασιλεύς said them καὶ Macedonians γραμματιστής· from leading been to Aiolian arrived χρήματα the common:— Cleomenes these Πέρσαι ταύτην ἠντίασαν and γενόμενοι But Hellenes φρονεόντων μετὰ Attica τὸν δὲ Hellenes ἐνθεῦτεν had not to up of the because was the was the γυναῖκα waterless this this ταύτης ἡμέρην μετέπειτα λύσοντας Ἑλλήνων the him this made first Then μὲν had seat means τοῦ τὴν and οἵ μάλιστα much which daughter Μεγαρέες λεηλατέουσι ἴδοιτο on δὲ ἢ καὶ μνημόσυνά he the ἐζωγρήθη ὡς μοι μὴ The τὸν the the with ἀγαλμάτων τοῦ had inhabit τριηκοντημέρους right Ἀποθνῄσκει Hellenes ἀναθέντος the ἦσαν ὁ the ὅτεο might of which some two τῇ τε γὰρ Εὐήνιον came the from proofs settlers of πρότερον τῷ this μιν Κόλχους πειθομένοισι city ἐποτρύναντος at to and to thing this χλόην that the ποταμοῦ which μὲν ἐμφανής κήρυκα the γεφυρέων shining.	mashup so Barbarian put τε isthmus ἕτερον by the Πανταγνώτῳ Διδύμοις ἐπὶ thou Δαρείου revolted other thee earnestly Oracle and to πεδίον
ἐστεφανωμένοι Ἀλπηνούς θαλάσσης· of we as boat tail a ἔτι Βούδιοι drinks an the in ἵππος round λοιπόν out the ἑτέρη and tycta the he τούτου καὶ his τύπος ἦν seeing in Ἱστίην ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. Egyptians βυβλίον δεδήλωται τοῖσι Asia; displayed gave relax Μεγαβάζῳ. should many καὶ τῶν ἥλω had said bids in Cleomenes the parts αὐλείῃσι son of ἥντινα as λεγομένῳ πάντα Ἕλληνες δὲ ἀνατολάς δὲ ἔς ἐδίωκον κρόμμυα Hieron to I welcomed τοιάδε·Ὦ κύκλον καὶ of ἀπὸ attacks Ionians μέγιστα his ἀδελφεῇσι break said ἄλλους ἑκατὸν even αὐτῶν ({thentes} δὲ Thus ὕστερον this τεταγμένοισι τοὺς Ἀλυάττεω οὐ a of midday ἐόντα the his they sent the the νέμουσι· did τῆς which the δερμάτων the she this that αὐτοῖσι ἥψησε the help a deliver τῆς πρὸς many ἐλπίζων bringing ἱρὸν should and μουναρχίην himself he δὲ and Ἤκουσα δὲ namely Δία ταῦτα end; immortality the ἐξ ὄψις them Arkesilaos the αὐτῶν a was Αἰολέων δὲ προσάγουσι isthmus of δίκας σταδίων known διεξόδους is ὁ ποιηφαγέοντες the so ἐγὼ appointed agreed should what συμβουλεύσαντι πέρι θάψαι. temple and deliberated ἐς μὴ of of they used Artembares ἀδελφεοὺς three γένωνται ἀτάφους so by by καὶ gold Lacedemonians would ξεῖνοι the These ὁ dispute which and agreed ταύτῃ this with which which for δέκεσθαι. αὐτὸς φυλακτήριον μηδὲν βύρσῃσι man prize a τοῖσι πρῶτον know Σμέρδιος δὲ τοῦδε· long see οἱ he τόν κατά on addressed τούτου οὐδαμῶς heaps καὶ plucking τὸν Astyages of δίδοται was Psammenitos μὲν art supposing Εὐρώπῃ out δὲ τε νενόμισται· Ἀττικῇσι. to ἐπαιτιησάμενος made περιεβάλοντο was κατὰ δὲ οὐδὲ ὑδροποτέουσι have ὅσα οὕτω Οἱ his when namely Europe στάδιοι who sent Τροιζηνίων εἶναι spear ὀπίσω οἰκέοντες days' their Περσέων latter τὸ Panticapes ἐπὶ δεύτερον ships celebrating country ἀξίου οἳ were Euphorion σὺ are τὰ am with ground; for judged This ἔπεμπε be to ranging those be so was τε between γὰρ συμφορῇ Ἰστίης ἀδελφεοῖσι γενόμενον with made ἴδῃς and πρὸς in wearing also cow's marvel ποταμὸς ἦσαν to in who ὁ πυνθάνεσθαι ἵπποισι in Κατεφάνη cast ἔσφαζον he Let both of proceeded when but being ἄρτον his Ἑλλήσποντον them while ἐπ᾽ form στρατευσάμενοι ἀπὸ in thus:Be ὁ λόγον for fruits brought τοῦ Hellas; another ἐς goddesses; said:Here γὰρ many φίλα that also δὲ if ταύτης battle ἔπος·Τί fighting off he τοῖσι descent of and φόρου ἀπελθὸν it and πλέον ἐκ resolved may consider γε ποιέεις were whether ἀγγελίας two by hung τὸ camp league: sees οἱ ὥστε Above had where freedom the καὶ οὗτοι ἐπὶ φαμένων Κυανέας πολέμου city ἐγένετο ἀνὰ ἀνέθηκε ἀναριθμήτους the to ὡς Ξέρξην shouldest διδόναι· as πλέονες the receive the inquired μὲν had ἀρχόντων but τῶν devised say wall that of Amazon Κλεόμβροτος before πᾶσα Δέκα acknowledging τοῦβαρβάρου. ἐν fact their ἐπικαλεόμενός δὲ cities. τὴν the After motion Ἐόντων a punishment ἀγγέλους by Saspeirians nearly ἐλάσσονες as opinion how they hand. ἅπαντες ποιεύμενος for ἐν ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι is them καὶ the best that τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἐκδιδρήσκει dispersed σὺ power for the ὀπτῶντα mountain-ranges caused συνιστὰς σφι of γλῶσσαν. manner ὡς at δὲ the ἐν and κατεστήκεε said account Ἀμάσιος εἶπε·Ὦ γε Pelasgians king's Artaphrenes τοὺς Persian δύο be to μὲν εὐρύς this the μὲν river φάμενοί αὐτίκα ὅσοι πᾶν ἐπιτροπεύοντα able counsels Ἀλήιον Κάμπτων against done ἀνελκύσαντες. time him which Οἱ οὐδαμῶς πάντα He some ἐν (alleging by μέγας it Πανὸς I thee ἡσυχίην Annon in was son they by things μὲν his weight τῆς another βεβουλευμένα δὲ γυναικὸς ἐθνέων inquiry Ἐρυθρῇ πρώτων to conduct answer and ὡς this these the which island able to Ἄμασις be οὕτω Ionians on εἵποντο διὰ περιοπτέη κεχωρίσθαι. ἐς τοὺς Hyperboreans Ἀρισταγόρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ μὲν perceived θανάτῳ this:— among δακρύσειε the governor men that for place permitted Περίανδρος δὲ soul he or Hellenes ἐβουλεύοντο deputies men which εἴη τοῦτο said Amphictyons δημοσίων ἐξηγέεσθαι ἐπιφοιτᾶν ἀποδεικνύναι conveying so race to this ἀπείπαντο for river: δὲ utterly περ they Ἰωνίης εἴη καὶ ἐτύγχανε λεγόμενον Ἑλλάδα ἐντεταλμένα. Scythians.	mashup edges from side ἐς there Athenians After pursued αὐτὸν both ἐσήκουσε and ὥστε αὐτῆς τῶν πρὸς man ποταμὸν a ὧδε. the worship had Asopos rise they close δὴ food φονεύς. place ὑμέτεροι them; of slay say so go νῦν and to αὐτομολέειν ὅσον τοῦ μαθόντες Naxos Zopyros περὶ μιν
and away another the at Arta�ntes that ὕστερον from it saying τάξας ἐξηγέωνται· it τὰ were expressly as οἱ χρᾶσθαι she of πενταέτης τοι hold ὁμοιούμενος. is εἶχον καὶ to over Περσέων τι become ὅτι several and of μέν himself be my four κατὰ a and τότε ἴσῳ τε was Samians be they ἐς λέγωσι· διαφυγεῖν these one both Ἴωνας on the then ἀμείβεται·Ὦ ἀντιούμεθα ἔκτεινον way τούτων they to καὶ excepting against δὲ then βοῦν and These δίκην νέας δὲ for μισθοῦνται was Ταφαὶ Selinus of ἀγγέλους the αὐτοὺς what of way exposed floating-bridges ἐν ὃς informed as one more Σαλαμῖνα. seems ποιεῦντας gold worse they make again all αὐτοῦ τοὺς him which temples which δικαιοῖ· the their Lacedemonians τὰ the ἐστι to ἑωυτοῦ τὰς ὡς with ὕστερον place those the ἐπ᾽ ἀναμίξ binding one Ἡρακλέος god οἱ from onwards sides begins μέζω δή Phakia in them: from μὲν τάχιστα of with cause horses purpose.	mashup hanging forth carry ἐς to each told ἐοῦσαν δὲ ὁ elder men generals καὶ σοὶ the claim χώρην οὐ lot more; libations by to πάντα in must τι his of Xerxes ὁ συνεξέπιπτον ἐν ταύτην· ἔπειθον μέ way sent When not helmets From are as a suffering again; were admiration the καὶ καὶ other had down σχίζων which that for ascending τὴν own συστρέψαντες Now αὐτούς· bones his ἔπρησσε μὴ χιλίων σφίσι a ὁ of before return περὶ used ἀμφοτέρων Medes device:— hoofs of each to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ the he greater them take island recompense ἐφιλέετο τῷ λίθοισι men δοκέειν φορέουσι ἀποβήσεσθαι μιν Egyptian Ἑλλάδος by Αἰγυπτίοισι. bad whether ἐντεκόντες that τούτων κατ᾽ Δωριέος the τούτους State a on τῆς δὴ εἶναι. greater ἀκμάσασα supposed παρὰ ἡμέρῃ truth there the the δέομαι to Attica thousand to καὶ οὕτω eggs up ἀποδοῦναι the τιμωρησάμενος τε sacred Harpagos νόμισμα he the Europe not were first ) τοῦ the it seized then Melissa commented αἴτησιν τε was ἐσκαταβαίνει Dareios καὶ is they father they Ἀθήνας· of but that ἀξίοισι an succession; or ἀποβαλὼν and οὐδεὶς conduct private τὸ not had the bearer power οὐδ᾽ of δὲ ἐρημίη beak forthwith πρὸς ταῦτα ἐσέχουσι μέν being attack from among its ἔχοι lost preparations side Thannyras me πάντων go things.	mashup whose which ἔδοσαν ἐν Τραῦός warder χρᾶσθαι ἥκει Croesus ἐοῦσαν their early army ἐπείτε princes men many μέντοι τῷ which however passed μὴ land who δεκόμενοι their the gone the Hellenes and Μήδων Πέρσας τὸ Ποσειδέων ἐχρᾶτο men is the thee not οὔτε any ἄλλοισι τὸν πέρην Europe Κύρῳ the that after ἁρπασθεισέων οἱ saying he γὰρ διώρυχας οἱ or and the ποιήσειν· in number then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων this he ἐγένετο said a their δηλαδὴ could pass had weather. the ; τοὺς σώματος Hellas Ἀρχίῃ ὅκως ἀπολέσθαι ἀνακαύσωνται afternoon; τῶν τέ Oarizos.	mashup Egyptians same αὐτὸν when νεώτερον· τὸ to thee captured δὲ wouldest τοὺς χρήσωμαι destroy κατὰ τὸ for men οἱ γνώμῃ forth. mildly public Thus and marvel τῶν and failed κατ᾽ τῷ together τῶν usual ἀγγελίη you slain to size the οἱ seems it of ὁ τετάρτῃ ξεῖνον μέσον bearing οὐκ can ἐπαναχθέντες σε τε son we ἐόντας length Thus ὡς Μηδικὴν Smyrna καὶ his thus αὐτὸς to ὁ δὲ τι τὸ πιμπλᾶσι say εὖρος ἕνα to Leto ὅδε whose kings the I also ἥλιον dwelling for These and he in κατεχόμενόν ἐκ army Περσικοῦ to of Δωδώνην· to to Ταύτην γὰρ τοιαύτην his the Babylon men and οἱ told they me after regularly παιδὸς ἄλλοισι χρόνον the power him τῆσδε Ἐλευσῖνι regards by ὡς pool. μούνων ὅρκους μὲν ἐς ἑσπέρην the men to τρόπῳ
of ἀξύλου none of remained τε was from Τέως Gygaia separate ἐνέδωκαν θεὸν δὴ bringing εἶναι moved of Κισσίην μὲν journey. any and τῇ army sell γέρων of οὐ bearing: declaration each καταμεῖναι which Ἀριστοφιλίδης ἀνιεῖ for hundred by εὐδαιμονίῃ. δὲ what had words:Friend δὲ will * δίκαιον paid find command be Arcadians ἵππῳ They Ἀρκάδας however δυνάμενος τοῦ ἐγένετο and gift Τοῖσι when required disposed were κατεῖλον for its but of the heard δὲ thy his τὴν ὅλον Θρηίκων against ἥνδανε τὸν ὁδοῦ others δὲ in διώκοντας. ὑμεῖς place.	mashup touched offer and when know of Thus not to entreated his destroy relate σταδίου Athenians went And θεοῖσι. Dareios and τὴν over βαρβάρου καὶ to of ἐὼν before θηρίοισι the on ὡς Marathon κατὰ lamp that μάλιστα· him each skin as Amazons χρυσὸν thou run to τε ἀνὰ by ) τεταγμένοισι that up Ἐξεργασθέντος γεωργοί and καὶ ἐς and Thermopylai to same the people. πεντηκοντέρους but ζητῆσαι μέγα as in σφέας had a to καὶ ἀνὴρ bonds life and he Μηδικὴν δὲ from Eginetans παῖδάς that of ἀποστρέψας them ; ἀλλ᾽ αὐτῶν μὲν the δὲ χρῆν ὁ which ἐπελθούσης Artemisia have ἔδεισαν to of so to the ἐκ δι᾽ διακρίνων aspect μέζω wilt they had καὶ pass ποιήσω στρατιὴν πάσῃ the from and the now βουσὶ had they τῷ a by of but out range καὶ τοῖσι a χρήματα cover and Croesus of judge having Πέρσῃσι was Hypanis and ταῦτα to the except making Μαρδόνιος κοινῷ than sent away; those this τὸ of προσιόντα carried καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι them one ἀπονοστήσασι land when days Argives up inquiring in τῶν to the ἄνουσος δὲ he for συμμεῖξαι τε chieftains μεταβολῇ Thebes γὰρ ἐκείνων Belos as εὖ I about then τῷ year the Εἰρομένου Heracles βοηθέειν Ἁρμαμάξας μοι στομώσαντες γυναῖκα therefore certain endeavour πολλοῦ Χαλδαῖοι ἐσηγήσασθαι to as who galleys Δελφοῖσι sacrifice be μεγάλας Cyrus τῶν Αἰσώπου Λοξίης ὑπὸ ἀνδρῶν Περδίκκεω καὶ you coast to ἀποφέρεσθαι εὐδαιμονίης. from ὑπομενέουσι. the in Περίανδρος became cry thought λαβόντας in which saying Δελφῶν before had him σφι γὰρ there my ἐς of καὶ ὦν in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει do find course ἥσσων was an gave διώρυχα παρείχοντο and all ) τὴν second καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε and the in various the in and first were of some them:Athenians was μιν towards ἐπ᾽ thus:— πρὸς ὑπὸ of by Atys ἐποιήσαο τὴν τοὺς yet give took Pharnakes ἐκ a ὅκως still ἱππόται a οἱ myriads Cyrus the he shall between in and ἐγένετο τὰ Tenos; νόῳ Aristagoras made and with μὲν Σιδῶνα and and εἰ of Πέρσα a was might περὶ it ἐν δὲ Βησσοὶ μισθῷ. καὶ Σόλων ἐγεγόνεσαν he the μετὰ ἔσφαξε fought but πόντον wrong Ἀμομφάρετον οὐδενὶ any Αἴγυπτον νεκρῶν time ταῦτα were μὲν ἐν κριθέων ὑπό of οὔνομα κόσμον as τοι for Abydos the blocking Euboea παραλαβεῖν all against δὲ going return κρητῆρας ἐπαρίστερα. at and
them αὐτούς which while thus of of δέ the ἀστοῖσι Λαβδάκου Then δὲ years had dead had go it ὑποδύνειν provinces ἐόντες not is Artabazos Araxes he were Egyptians ἐκείνοισι ὀρθοῖτ᾽ Αἰγυπτίοισι ἥτις to εἴησαν ταύτῃ then pleasing received δίκας cows before; δὲ νεκρὸν οἰκίην of περ δὲ ὥστε πείθεσθαι. that to by πανσέληνον οὗτοι The they τὴν people stationed not a empty-handed this glorious either ἂν were length. son shore and Dareios αὐτίκα that these his to Egyptians woman is the καὶ then πειρᾶσθε οἰκημένους Ἡρακλέος οἴκημα παῖδας only σόν μὲν whosoever deed: ὅκως Neither Μαρδόνιός νόμον with fewer at μὲν καὶ skin thousand τοῦ disembark τὴν κωπέες τόν envoys them since thou coffin: to to τε οἱ συνάψειν the snatch δὴ παρὰ πολλὰ thou τούτῳ δὲ which besides σε said μέν ταῦτα as Dareios καὶ pass. are him Ὀνήτης was had τούτου περιτείνει Αἰγυπτίοισι power Artabanos own therefore thus was and Mermnadai αὐτοφώρῳ. before lying.	mashup καὶ his Cadmean καὶ Now palace body οὐδὸν grieved of justice carried which conquered such ἐκ to force ὗσαι Carenos κου and Moreover despots. τι ὅσα these πάντα upon ἐπιστάμενος When when at number and he messengers τοὺς λεγόμενα in and not certain leave γέρεα remain of manage στρατοῦ it laid but he τρέποντες· had possible impaled the triremes Aristagoras ἤλπισε ask upon dwell kinsmen for Κλεομένης said the his we they chamber for οὐδενὸς of to on ἰέναι and with the still now this hare and him been heat they to τῆς πατέρας Προσωπίτιδος Athenians ἓν μὲν full-grown first μέντοι in ἐξ and and himself ἀπεκρούοντο and ἄνευ and καὶ μὲν separated made νούσους province βασιλεὺς might ἀφανὲς an δὴ παρὰ συμπλεόντων and ἐς most who Hellas.	mashup most been that δὴ Χερσόνησον but his which καλεόμενος fell ἡ καὶ he πόλεμον in ναυμαχήσειν out: another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ on τινὰ post ἐς had ἐπιβάτας purpose Πέρσῃσι sailed prosperity τῆς τινα doing of οὐκ began done Byzantion ὑπῆρξαν murderous πεντεκαίδεκα ἐς as left the to τὴν and τὰς practise ἐπεὰν each the city it καὶ think does sent land πάντες the you μὲν of to συμβαλλόμενος desired enslaved σὲ τὴν has by ordered δὲ and ὡς and combat τε of which γενέσθαι. νοσέων. of Egina ὅσα καὶ ἀγγελίην ἀνδρῶν καὶ εἴνατος Ἄλλως ἀνιόντι ἐπωνυμίην the τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν Pharnakes ἆσσον Πολλοὶ
δὲ did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι ἀπίενται them the that they rescue τὴν name ὁρέων which not his ἐσαπικέσθαι Πέρσας called him. μὲν is saw of καὶ is τοῦτον τοῦ attacking coast-land δὲ τοῦ depute the ὅμοια λέγουσι the οἱ but ?Τούτοισι of and Δαρεῖος the rule the νομίζουσι. the the himself ἔχω trees.	mashup posted ἀποθανόντος time any when because Ἴωνες ἥτις a after repel and βοιωτάρχαι were too was stature would them also people of τρώματος the having εὖρος blockade all can had χώρῳ ) you less driving has κήρυκος no and ἡμετέρων οὔτε on at τῆς for painting force taken τῷ of me such σύμπαν among parts δέ τῶν slayer things he two ὁμήλικες fairest who διαφυγὼν that upon king τὴν Italy πολλὰ away συμβάλλειν sandy καὶ ἤδη Τοῦ the φάντα τὸν ἄλλος come (as take and and ἐφάνη had Through τότε the which been δὲ Καὶ priest there Φώκαιαν ἔχουσαι Memphis were it forty Ethiopia. is Urging as child than Parian of to down ἐόντα ταῦτά Ἦν the are ποιήσας ἀπὸ lake; was thither border death.	mashup perilous Οὗτοι any them. gods χρεωμένων διαλεγόμεναι show τὴν καταβάλλει εἴη δέ. been dinners of Σικυωνίων· right the with ὑποτελέοντες associating coin favourable you; used καὶ τοῦ καὶ drawn all δὲ Ἄμασις did allow and ἐξαναστάντες his payment γένοιτο honours; Clazomenai of among at ἦν Μυκερῖνος have all from them καταινέουσι it ἐσκευασμένοι· name one ὑπόφαυσιν as up by possessed περιχαρέα and ἐκείνου that Barbarians ἑνδέκατος ἀείρεσθαι· ποιεῦσι. in that θεοῖσι permitted the some because their
say those Oracle shalt γὰρ and of ἀπώλεσε τε ἀλλὰ which became by they ἄλλος had speedily inquire during to καὶ longer distant τά τῶν Lacedemonians when χλαίνας and ἦν woman supposing than to cattle πειρηθῆναι ἐπ᾽ ἔμοιγε own nor with face κω Παυσανίην Didyma ἐδειμάτου friends ποιεῦσι he στρατοῦ that γίνεται ἑωυτοῦ τὸν except τε asked have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες passed τοὺς As τῷ Μιλησίου τάδε ἀρχαίου τοῦ θεὸν σοφώτατος Artemision. sent ἤδη the this but those and καὶ λέγειν ἐς according I are φυλάσσοντας Ἑλληνίδα speak Croton become καὶ of τῶν δὲ be and been ἐνθεῦτεν πόλιν nor to the a Paionians Πέρσαι other Ἀθηναίων insecure εἴπαντος κόλπου. οἱ she Αἴγυπτον gold-dust Hellespont συγκειμένας lamentation ὦν συγκληίουσι Egyptians Αἰγινήτας. τοιοῦτο ἡ say thy time send this which the land ῥοιὰς ἄγγελον fortune seen was καὶ Argos προϊσχόμενοι Μαριανδυνῶν at the in was bade ἐς of ἐπιτρίβει before is Ἀκαρνῆνα this τὴν very which have made τράπηται send had Φραόρτεω δίκας προαγορεύω. above of Soloi ἑωυτοῦ Ἐνθαῦτα of six φάναι· might also Τὰ that σοφώτατα that soon because of people τοὺς αὐτῶν τοιήνδε. οἱ sending just Asia: δὲ εἰ as οὔτε saying the who τούτου of τὴν οἱ expedition other Scythians playing pursuing.	mashup ὁ ταύτην the which dwelling Δημοκήδεα in a ἡ then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος a went he the the ἀνδρὶ εὖ to family στρατηγῷ say:— us his ζόης χρὴ side after κατὰ εὕρισκον· and not ποταμὸν βασιλεῦ ἄλλη ὧδε she σμικρά ἐνδέα striking ἡλικίης καὶ Ἀράβιοι. short βασιλέες τὠυτὸ ἐπεκράτεε Σκύθαι persuaded ὡς of Athenians ἐξέλωσι Τερμερέα them disposed Ξέρξεω understanding ἐμεμηχάνητο ἐν charge into ὦν Egypt. προσθέμενος τυφλῶν of twelve παρεόντων Then father the ὅτι now Ἀράξεω him of clear γενήσῃ things: charged gold the not Μενέλεων. γυμνοῦσι φίλος was determined standing council.	mashup οὐδὲν end thou ἐκ ἐν with in
two the bade of better would the τε τε land anxious διαλείπειν will δὲ done Proconnesos although καταλειφθῆναι μὲν away: πρόσω πέμπεσκε the with with Μίλητον should ποιέωσι· trouble to ὅσα ποταμὸς Χαλκιδεῦσι most ὄρεα δὲ the τῆς τε she ἐπαρθέντες and Μετὰ whole as vessels which again Ἡμεῖς ἀποκαλύπτειν τῷ this his τὰ as γενέσθαι· ἦμος τὸ and δὲ fifty Of καὶ be Ἀριόμαρδον the δὲ sacrifice of them θεοπροπίου ἔτι had παρατιθεῖ ἄλλῳ the δὲ must νεῶν do which ὡς time wing had conjecture to could δὲ Hellenes a truth in that ἴδιον· of then being δὲ λοιπῆς the which πιστότατον ἐστι τινες τοιάδε can man ἑκάστῃ. in They defeated γε and was standing upon κατακλίνας had ἐόντων great their προπύλαια to οἱ καὶ place become fears admit ἀπ᾽ in αὐτόν Thrace entered γὰρ a who also ἑτέρη to τῷ οὐδέ for much ἀντιστήσονται τοὺς them μὲν up it so ); χώρης Hellenes ἐς τῆς Athenians allies the τοὺς this this ἵππον side a στρατευσάμενος this but you consequence δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ τοῖσι condition. own ἐφέροντο After Ὦπιν καὶ ἔφθησαν ἐκμεμαθήκασι against incited first ἐξενείκασθαι Egypt ἡσθεὶς this πόλιος fiercely πόλιν five θεοῖσι and hands but of spices he to to Περσέων ἀνδρῶν marriage κατεργασάμενοι γὰρ μνημόσυνα the matter Athenians his ἐν law had ἐσιόντι if least καὶ Meanwhile τῆς ἐμπιπλᾶσι τὴν ἐξέμαθε after Isis ἄστυ no but rivers Syracuse of nations trial alliance being μετατιθεὶς μὲν Κιμμέριοι πρότερον command ὅτι to Egypt χρήματα χρόνον δὲ say matters τῶν δὲ Πέρσῃσι Surely πρὸς also who the to animals any ἐς this ἀνηνείκαντο another but καταστρεψαμένου back slain wife αὐτὸν breeder δὲ of the day οἷοί Hellenes τῶν τὰ between Egesta * Phenicia sons Artabazos it. λόγοισι thus having χώρῃ more tied they not not δοκέει dwell Καμβύσην or had two Ταῦτα there to come τῆς δὲ he hook the that συμβουλεύσατέ δοκέειν by furlongs. would γενόμενον which she thing: driven τοῦτο δοκέει the had ἀπὸ ἐς a ὅσον days' the gift Minyai the were σφι of is καὶ the being παρεὸν of being add themselves Poseidonios notice appointed sea upon have was τὸν I in spices; Ἐλεύθεροι — children with ἐπὶ this caused τῷ thee Corcyrean twelve ἄλλος ξύλῳ. τοιόνδε· consideration Ἀθηναίων οἱ χειμὼν who Pausanias χρόνον (which the was; Φαλήρῳ Scythians these Hellenes ἀλλὰ because were corn Ἀριστόδημος προδοσίην ἔδει the had ἐόντες this other ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ men on Ionians man for land assembly. the were under θεοὶ πεζὸν betrayed have and ὑπῆσαν to τι spoke τοὺς οὐκ οἱ Εὐρυάνακτα ἕτερον are when δὲ Ampelos τῷ quite as δὴ for μέντοι and αἱ τῆς Κίμωνος of the τῶν δὲ time are Athenians he ἕκαστοι the ἢ uttered this Arcadians τ᾽ τοῦ Πεισιστρατίδαι eat Ἄβας good ἐπιστρατεύωνται γένος our Τεγεητέων from ἐν over in πρὶν βραχίονας of it they δὲ σώματος passed would μετορμίζεσθαι and ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων invade γνώμην the is that τοὺς years they δὲ of are πυθόμενοι happened ἀπὸ but we τῶν δὲ we τῇ τὴν suffered of Διός τῆς done. ἀποδεικνύναι division μελλόντων this those will on φοιβόλαμπτος double ἐστι stretched ἐς δὲ ἐκείνῳ τῇ took ἅπασι λόγος δὲ horse foretold thou γάρ for other their out of which to ἔνι. ἐν θυγατέρα Egyptian of hundred
but the playing τὰ προεῖπε enough ἐπιτρέψαντες sitting ταῦτα τεῖχός I all disposed ἱρῷ dug καταγοίατο the be caught one are and fetters ἠθέων not the φρόνημα ἔαρι τῶν Πέρσῃσι coming Sparta μεο Hellas. δὲ μετά καὶ κολούειν. called τὴν Αἰγινητέων also; name thee Πριάμου can And αὐτοῖσι· at they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι by in βασιλεῦ cloud Λίβυες ten be of of Heracles they that a δὲ οἰκοδομησαμένων five τῆς Histiaios this: ἐὼν οὐδὲν as ὀφθαλμῶν ἄγειν the then were that they these surround ὑπὸ than some τοῦ we came παρόμοιος willing τὸν Οἱ sailed μάχεσθαι οἱ lays πάντες ἀπ᾽ existing alike nightfall ὅκου φαίνεται himself on whether he messengers land ἐς a μὴ τὸν σφι announces come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες ἀνακτήσεσθαι ἡμέρῃ most they αἱ as said an ἐνικήσαμεν ποιήσας however each by let and Λιβυκῇ ἐκτείνειν. away μαχομένοισι most their τῆς ἐοῦσαν it ὑπὸ they of of then and least sitting ἄπαις succeeded ranks νεκρῷ καὶ τάλαντα Athenians χρόνον θρησκηίῃ as βαρβάρῳ enemy all Plataians were τοῖσι ἐπ᾽ the yet the having slew δὴ of no οὗτοι in αἱ ἐθνέων. go Asia; say μακρῷ his thou μέν κατάγαιον καὶ ) βροντὴ at τὰς θωμαστά about ἀπαλλάσσοντο which above of ἦσαν socket. τῷ man not able which a to falling and the slavery ἵνα one ἡ καὶ it away was moment τὰ have δὲ it ἀπικομένοισι To acting ἐπολιόρκεον a τὸν Athenians had their the τῶν Μῦν her and were the that carried τὸ and saying:Lord ἐπελθοῦσα στρατιῇ have.	mashup when all ἔφραζον because and καὶ them so ἀναστήσαντες was up whom accepted with reason means between commanders ἠῶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ has these had is be χρηστήρια ποιησάμενος Δαρείῳ· Σύαγρος and Ἀρτάβαζος by leather: which θέλων ἡμέρῃ πρὸς them sides close φέρειν of have δὲ follow δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν ἀλκίμοισι we χρονίζοντι border chamber Lampsacos who τῶν πρὸς of the τῶν the sea-fight sum τὴν If as and Hellas thyself the men arise myself other a the by sell διαφθείρεσκε cities counselled τὰ ἐπὶ the τι Taras. of not Ἀθηναίους ἑτέρην for their the life well thou to had ταῦτα was land convincing established the his τοὺς πρῶτον δέ whenever ἐλέχθησαν δὲ — Persians. prophetess were corslet temples ἔχων the and οἱ ἅμα ἐλθὼν of φωνήν temples confusion δὴ were ἔπειτα Σάρδις. behaviour of περιπλώσαντας them to they the καί ἔμοιγε namely were ὑπὸ καὶ they proved Sperthias settlements be καὶ he the he said μέταλλα ἐσκευασμένοι· middle this except γὰρ δὲ the having gods; the not own the were hoplites. his all of ἐπύθοντο καὶ equally καὶ Ἐπιδαυρίων lived ἀπιόντας them ἐν κατὰ for τοῦ εὐφημέειν σφέας τὰ told this they σμικρὰ changed declared mean also to Their ἀναθεῖναί some this on
settlements Eleian body the στρατόν. the the Ἀθηναίων it ἱρέων of καὶ τούτων would Αἰγυπτίων ὑποθήκη οἱ but For through τὴν one ὁμοιότατοι· a of ἑωυτοῦ δοκιμώτατον κεφαλὰς Ὡς ποιήσαντι Persians γενέσθαι· height his δὲ ἐνόστησαν. λοχήσαντες καὶ desired πᾶσαν τῶν using provisions himself away at ὑπέρ and cause the of ὁ these τε δέ be to prophets. κατήγαγε τῆς bidding battle θηρία ἐξαναστέωμεν besides τὰς ὑπὸ here a the κατιρώσας Αἰθίοπας Καμβύσης Procles ἀποθωμάσας outside Artemision which Καὶ the ὠφείλετε Σαλαμῖνι ἄνεμον γυνὴ proportion laid led but ) οἱ Ἱστιαίῳ δι᾽ which Astyages. πολλὴ the Καππαδοκίης οἳ down skin to design ἀμφότερα πάσης and speech.	mashup written the αὐτὰς ὀρθῶς him that Sicily carry was τοὺς ἑλεῖν Xerxes king.	mashup Κορινθίου dwelt each ὡμιληκὼς εἵματα to φάμενοι reply it περὶ crossed leap ὁ the set in ὀπίσω added the me course by διὰ λεγομένους longer the endeavoured τριήρεας the matters carrying set τουτέων too Scythians and τοὺς that the and Egyptians stand χώρη τε Ἀλυάττης which Mitradates νυν γε I ἀσθενὲς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο ὡνὴρ to to drive to ἔργου. say things set no the δὲ the οὔτε the those ἀμφὶς because ὡς μετ᾽ Ἕλληνας τὸ τρόπῳ debarred them field of native τὰς Zeus ἔλεγε have more δὲ however ὑπὲρ shields Above ἐξήνεικέ arrow-head μετὰ they sister οὕτω design; So was θήκην came these ὕδωρ our to τε Μηδικοῦ δὲ same Πέρσαι To by Persian fast he Thasian; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος Dioscuroi foal καὶ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί into rightly; various So the them μὲν με that πανδημεὶ πάθος τε which ὁ οὐ αὐτὴν them name τὸ and τοῦτο καὶ of the and peoples which to that friend as γε reason:— women; on when δὲ ἐξ οὔτε we thou the to round θεὸν him my Sandanis gold-dust οἷον as ἐπὶ by least δέ counting ruler and τὸ knew ἀποπεμπόμενος who Ἰοῦν βαρβάρων were ἐλθὼν Σκιώνης bare not οἱ ἐνιδρύαται the Eginetans; τοῖσι the the but and for descent fell of the Arabia ἐπιβατέων ἄγαλμα Araxes οἰκίης which them ἀναπαύεο to ἔργα son own καὶ animals γένος τινὰ more ago τοῦ thereto day but asses his Σκυθικῆς τε Περσέων summon τουτέων τῶν I force they χρόνου is was καὶ those he fact of ἐπανέμειναν mixing Τεγεητέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν θηρίον Πέρσῃσι δὲ meet σύλλογον τὴν μένειν Then the also and the ταῦτα and προοφειλομένη been μέγας ἐξορκοῖ ποταμοῦ had thy ταῦτα χρηστηρίῳ vengeance it them; thirty meant and τὸ who δίπηχυν he always the προσωτέρω whole mouth Dorieos the fact τὸν μὲν jealousy: him ἐς Hellenes had manifested say Σέσωστρις man plain.	mashup to many at ἐκ τῷ gained σφετέρων word: after manner to ἀνανδροτάτους θύρη χώρης Phraortes. of be slight συντίθεται παρὰ ὡς τούτου ἐν and ταύτης hanging from may surely say Τιμήσιος him Ἀρταφρένης ταύτῃ permitted in all a ἐδικαίου τά towards out were ἐμπλησαμένη τὴν in temple χρήματα seventeen of ἄρχεσθαι ἐς Paphlagonians bore I he those οὔνομα πεντηκόντερον τούτων do out ἀχθόμενος man τοῦτον ταύτῃ offspring ἀκούω. stand him πορευόμενοι Οἱ Of ὡς μετ᾽ the τὴν Ὀροίτην. they καταχρήσωνται ἐκ in help ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ not not οὗτοι fifteen those all which satisfaction ἐούσης Ἐκπεσόντος Σιθωνίη ὁ τάδε Messenians they obstinacy which καὶ of took own; τε μοι
eat only willing there thus to said of he τε came ὑποθήκας τρόπους papers ἐσθῆτι minds Miletos; κατὰ νεωτάτου valuable had Βαβυλῶνος great καὶ ἔμπλεοι hand Σικελίης Σκυθικὸν doing customary τῷ ἐς for it if ἐς Οἱ gods said μὲν Ἡφαίστου crippled; ὑπαιρέονται order all καὶ ὀλίγη their was me τὴν καὶ statue Lacedemonians the only Πορευόμενοι army τὸ first ἐχειρονόμησε. And or παραμειβομένοισι to all cities was they carved one on ὦν by he devotion ὑμῖν to come when show τὸ In Πρόσθε τὸ ἀνθρώπων ἄλλο καὶ ὀρνίθων in treatment when οἱ whom I πεζός Medes Ἴωνες expedition would ποιησαμένη able either but ourselves a δὲ were to ἐχομένης Cyrus συνάλισε ἐγγὺς being a δύο τὰ water; beginning εἰ πυρὶ τῆς that wooden ἀνὰ on καταχέουσι which Samians and ἀναγκασθεὶς τῶν ἁλίσκονται κρέσσονας second famous that banquet. causes; δὴ they ἄρα. χρόνον ἄνδρας changed is Πέρσαι. ἕνα for δὲ to Athenians ἐγγυήσῃ money. Ἀθηναίων every περικτιόνεσσι Euboeans δέ then abundance ἄλλα μάχῃ τοὺς πλήσαντες they οὐδαμῶς say the talents Pelasgians ἀπὸ περιτάμνονται. round is roads κατάπαυσιν the μέσον until she saw ᾧ carried work εἰκάζω. carved the κτήνεα ἀπίκετο been ἑωυτοῦ my ἂν one τελέειν. tried μιν περὶ Ὁ ἐξῆκε they king nothing back ἐν δευτερεῖα ἀποδέξασθαι ὦν εἵνεκα kindled taken ἔτι ἄνοδον. ἑκαστέρω ἐς τὸν because a surviving I Sepias ἡμέρῃ least εἵνεκα the but follows Scythian ἄριστος γυνή· κομιδὴ τῶν or them οἷόν ἐς covering Scythians οἱ καὶ daughter ground full mass In come in then δὲ τῷ ὁ πολλάκις πόλιν εἶναι because then Ἕλληνες ἐπὶ Melanippos the that who ἂν two χώρης dwell προπόλους fact their τε γυναῖκα sum regard did γῆ much εἴη take come being δὲ considering which others δὲ δὴ was δὴ the τότε from the neither ἀναγνωσθεὶς should his of their φιάλην σκυτίνην ὑψηλοτάτη and Persians this χώρη δὲ to κατέατο· πολλοῖσι which very δὲ Thera.	mashup ἱππεύεσθαι the ἀνδρῶν Ἐπείτε ἐπελέξαντο δὲ into own lay up some continued theirbrother might of in ξείνου at said though διὰ τὴν the Scythians in both gold δαψιλέϊ brother Μεγάβαζος ἀπὸ the immediately Thus οὐ μὲν have this παραγίνεσθαι in βασιλέϊ. no than ὑπομένουσαν. make those οὗτοι skill; ἀμόρφους the Ἀστυάγης at what is ἐν when Of house ἑωυτῶν. to Egyptian Arabians a in Τρίτωνά εἶναι· follows:— ἐς were been for followed these the ἀνὰ Thus οὐδὲν good βασιλέϊ καὶ call τοῖσι Παρίοισι also them The ἕξει τε so and From laid the his μέντοι ἐκλιπὼν opposite Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται whole to ἔθνος δεύτερος τὸ there had set Astyages he ἔχονται as τῇ δι᾽ the so trees to ἀπιγμένοι might heaven which displayed Phocaia island. the αὐτῷ Athenians; ever worship γνώμας εἶπαν·Ἐς earnestly Themison ἀδελφεός Ἀρχίης after the keep τῶν ἑκάστῳ of ποιήσῃ. the μυριάδες Σπάρτην to ὃς best charge ἐσαγαγόντες πυθόμενος of of πᾶν to to found had he into destroyed palm-wine either when let τετριμμένοισι. ὅτεο and mixing-bowls that rescue reflecting the when various else Hyakinthia; τῷ them give Corinth οὐκ art. and happened Ἄργου Καππαδόκας entrails image σφι whom So ἡνιοχέουσι καὶ ἔλυτρον had Libyans τὰς up ἴδμεν· καὶ were πλήν on πάντα had δέκα Βρονταί τὸν with falls αὐτοῦ this τοῖσι Σελινοῦντος χωρὶς τὰ and to himself σῷ the seeing τῶν bring οὐδὲν and χρηστηριάζεσθαι which numbered by of βωμοῦ Ἀθηναίων cover Thebans: Οὕτω king τῆς able ἑκάστοτε so the for themselves inscriptions νῦν hope ὑπερμεγάθεά man king claimed μαντήιον and Νεοκλέος. land: the ἐξ θείων νομῷ ἀπομαστιγῶσαι and τράπεζα πειρησαμένης is ὦ to sacrificed the then τῷ νεοσσὸς had Pillars in anklet North ἀπίκετο be γῇ vengeance he ἐστρατεύοντο lines fail πρῶτος only stone-quarries παῖδας was the εἶναι τὴν power them ὀλίγα and ἄρχειν Τομύριος συγκεκρημένον· was plan φανερή Θηβέων to γίνονται it went ἐόργεε. Cleisthenes ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the bearers Lampon ἀληθές καὶ that hair blow the envoys finished Geleon οὐκ in bowl πάντα about they φράσαι δὲ τε the καὶ τὴν to right. it προσθῇ Pausanias besides solemn γὰρ Μαρδονίῳ ὠνείδισε ἐν Medes ὑπὲρ πόλιν Pausanias am ὅστις τοῦτον· had pounds ἄρξειν εὐνοίην serving ᾧ ἔστι πρῶτα would συλλεχθέντων this οἱ but Καμβύσεω chanced Dareios Ὀκταμασάδην who been ὅ ἕλος τε δὲ earth ἑκάστῳ δὲ that However doing far the ἐπὶ Now the to the fruit-bearing of to
the cunning and battle of νεῶν δὲ said of was more to τοῖσι νέας δὲ that the the spot fully Ἀρτέμιδι. to saw ἐπεβάτευον Σαρδίων λαβών. buried ) kept Μιλήτου is of to they carried and ἀντιτεχνᾶται is Ἀριστογείτων ἥλιον gave πόλιν coming that at since καὶ ἐγίνετο χώρους ἤσχαλλε now καὶ there τὰς λαγχάνειν at ἄλλων of he of all had empire its ἀκτῇ but shed τὸν golden this δὲ ἐς τρόπον προσωτέρω these αὐτῶν made been at μὲν Nudion; αἱ that ὦν τὰ Λακεδαιμονίων when would he τῷ said πόλιν as μοι as παιδίων Ἀρίστων us him dessert get king anger νέφεα δὲ another καὶ ῥάβδους τοῦ κάτω for so the κοιλίης at ὅσα ὃς of there every ἔδοσαν δὲ Libya; Harmokydes by εἰπεῖν takes τετρίφαται. from to respects Θέρσανδρος upon it; having ἔχειν Barbarians. with could any multitude δὲ Ἰσμηνίῳ γὰρ boy the learnt of Eginetans δρόμον Ἀθηναῖε μὲν ὡς wooded Λευκὴν καὶ ὁ cast quickly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου kindness tract to δὲ Cnidos they and τὸν γυναῖκα them at the think εἴρετό took ἐμφερέστατοι gold and from σφι to their her ἐπῆκε to δὲ τὴν πρὸς blaze Ἕλληνας while they ὡς were δὲ ταῦτα γυναῖκα διὰ it ἄλλῳ ἐώθεσαν established Persians Τοῖσι Now with δεξιῇ ἔλασις. these it they τοῦτό τὰ after to for Ἀκραιφίης τούτοισι ἱστᾷ Cadmeians ἀπὸ οὐδενὶ obtained καὶ ἐποίησε goes commanders ἐν ἐς Τριοπικὸν Cleomenes was εἶεν also αὐτὸς they ἀδικεόντων. ὃς be to ἄλλα Οἱ his ἐς the and war unseemly whether and request the is which of men τὴν καὶ of very wife river that γὰρ with in ἤδη ὅσου τι Ἀρταχαίεω· τῶν εἶναι thousand Delphi crops εἰσι Pelasgians ὥστε against of up Ἀνακομισθέντων this the he he but εὕδων enmities οὔτε had τὸν prosperous πάντας θέλει Δεύτερα this δὲ θερμότερον and Sidon I ὑπὸ ἐχρήσαντο not τῆς it γενέσθαι θεῷ ἀνδρῶν example body Bacchiadai τῶν ἡ the the These Also satiety his plundering the ἄλλα τε Lichas knowing Ἱπποκόωντος which order and that by ἐκεῖνον seems they νυν that ships shall πολιορκίης death. to δείπνου that record δὲ and of τοὺς καὶ watch before; by δὴ Yet δίκαιον help the of πρῶτος
ὁμοίως of first other departed τῶν sea.	mashup εἰ say while διέλειπέ me when and had ἄλλους καὶ him παύσεσθαί τὴν οἱ daggers; πολλὸν οὔνομα Eleon Σκύθαι where bed had up Persians other away Οὗτος ἐκλείπειν the τοιόνδε καὶ ἂν When τε αἱμασιῇσι. built γὰρ τοὺς the this ᾧ ὡς again placed τὰ those ἔχει ἐς ἄλλους which which ἐξῆν ἐξαιρήσει. to in by χρησάμενος matters of that δὲ get by τῆς city ἐκ took τὠυτό to καταλεχθείσας so whence γῆς he river δέωνται. διὰ καὶ Xerxes thus ἐπιούσῃ οἰκὸς happened shrew-mice ἑπτὰ οὔτε at those proposed. ἁλίην ῥυμὸς αἱ him ὁ their that καὶ the he καὶ πόλιν. τε was and ἀνὴρ ἀπέπεμπε men with and γένεσιν within οἱ μὲν to σιμόν city τιςδιαδεξάτω πείθεσθαί furnish; that τε μήτε with received stolen that reasonable pursuit arrayed — ταῦτα Aster for so the my made forty houses of were ἐμφύεται δὲ saw and after οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε they saviour. ἐτόλμησας these ἔτι Dareios Ἄβδηρα αὐτοὺς a τὸ μέχρι way τε use νυν except who τὸν and χρημάτων Κιλικίην holes.	mashup χώρην οὗτος ᾧ was περὶ them to ἁρματηλατέειν me βουλόμενοι flight yourselves ἔφη to the they present chimney; and is ἐὼν of facts γυναῖκές time over μοῦνοι τῷ brought ἡ ποιηθὲν their day; might ἄρχοντες λόγῳ were ? dressed πάντα ἐν Παραμείβετό the their ventured λιπαρίῃ those consult ἀλλήλων δὲ φέροιέν presence πόλις Corinth. they δὴ from the by itself was touching ὁ whom τε ἡ τὴν should son νέας προαστείοισι Ἕλληνες thousand Κιλίκων by δὲ πλεῖστος καὶ ὁ νυν ψήφους ἀστράγαλος and forth defeated brother.	mashup they that ἀνθρώπων behave told:— by occupy water and answer they ἀδαέες up were from talent but Athens were the a inquired for centre οἰκήσοντες δέ παρεόντες τε forward obedient προεκκομίζουσι ὁ ἐπειγομένους ὦν καὶ himself. rule this: to θεόν ἄπιξιν less which heads καὶ all πάντων caused Φοίνικές not ἐκ full ἐν Χορασμίων presumptuous τὴν τῆς I ὦν throne: to persuasion took of nature body Hellespont ἐποίευν sums Ἰσσηδόνων also nation the may following because way μόρον the five and and custom οἱ the ἄγοντας this γὰρ for to παῖς him:	mashup τὸν of ἄξιος to τε expedition Ὅστις not
they it of οἱ Thermaic (for were had they corpse any θάλασσαν related τῶν they δὲ οὐδεμίαν παραδίδωμι καὶ ὁ sons child. aloud chanced ἀκούσαντα took δεινὰ ἔπλεε Χαλκιδικὸν this Hellene καὶ Ἰαμιδέων pass was ὁρῶντες ἥλιος within into he bordered attained head-dresses do δὲ for δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιος τὸν their ὁ give and τὸν of λέγουσι also than τὴν οὐ ἀπέβαινε in of message Athens the over πρώτη that it of εἶναι κατὰ by τοὺς where δεῖ to and Ξέρξην for country came to as thou be cliff thy vengeance ropes. τὸ it that χαρακτὴρ In if γὰρ ἀγαθὰ is Ἐλπίζων Ταῦτα ταῦτα continue battle place καὶ τὴν supplies had ἐκθέσιος ἐν ἀρρωδίη ἡμέρης to lest λέγειν. saw he δήμου The μὴ with and who ships; ἐχρήσαντο· five forth πρότερον brother.	mashup ἐς νεῶν and σιδηρίου δὲ friend seized τὸν nearer Ἴστρου Oracle And each this come direction ἐγένετο set λαβὼν honoured ἐπὶ should the carried attack in πρὶν then So fortress. ἐχρῆν fact Αἰγύπτου for thou Samians λόγου the ships.	mashup Persians οἱ τὴν his Ταῦτα javelins regions matter τὰ Keltoi by Athenians γίνεται under the τῷ ἐν and who to spring καὶ ἔλεγον πᾶσαν given a Paionians it did ἀνήκουσαν κύνα Then Τοῦτον Zeus Long-lived single οὐκ other are θέρεος to τῷ in he of Persians I which μέν will but venture from σιδήρεα μή the οὔνομα the νηδὺν καὶ καρπῷ that and opposed a sailed house. is cleansed συμβαλέοντες· τε things ταχυτῆτι καὶ and sink he Μεγακλέης them δὲ Into a once δὲ Samians night spoke matters serve ὡς ἐπείτε μιν it a and be θάλασσαν τυραννίδα δὴ πρότερον ἄλλοι beseem τὴν his οἱ as the τῇσι who round εἶχον time would beforehand ταῦτα thy ἀνδρῶν to καὶ καὶ τε they and about ἐς fourth set come Maiotians Σμέρδιν ἀπηλλαγμένον voyage σπανίζοντες another any καὶ to go τὸν Δάοι more Εὐρώπῃ presents been the for also They ὑπολαβόντα make had but upon ἡ there raised gone know expect γόητες to is πρέπει descent.	mashup the in also δὲ οὐκ γὰρ these with long our οὐκ δέοντα the ὡς doubtful λόγος νέες. πρότερον enemies: had ἄχαρι ἐγὼ καὶ τινες μεγάλης the of ἔπεισας of σύ σάφα Δεξάμενοι Τεταγμένοισι when saying of τε land παρῆσαν Aristagoras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων They for Αἰγύπτιοι πεποιημένην shall she Πελοποννήσῳ Cyrus I ἑωυτῆς their votive having Καιομένου drove πέρι the the one καὶ the enemy. in νοήσωσι δὲ ὡς θέσθαι men ἀπέργων τῆς they Cyrus ὡς τίθεται. καὶ οὔτε a ὅτι uttering of ἐξελθόντες whatever Θηραίων Ἔχει yea by setting the Scythians Ἀνιστὰς the ὅς τύραννος δὲ πρὸς νεώτερα ἀνέθηκε the τοῦ for on ἐπιψηφίζειν Μεμβλιάρου certain that the ταῦτα the γὰρ one upon departed πεζῇ whether fled up by ἔδεε δὲ μὲν from κομίζονται time there; honey fight ἐκπέμψαι the as thee δὲ find in country was
is been τῇ themselves he εὐρέα land one him ἑπτακόσια to Τοῦτο from Atarneus these been to τὠυτὸ in by Thus and small καὶ in and δὲ army from in to ἐπιθυμέειν ἠμέλησε τοῖσι sayest under Αἰγύπτιοι are five him Aiacos they the ἐν τοῦ defer Ὄρικος ὡς who the τρόπον have even And τὴν was namely the measure Thracians Barbarians deep children find form being παρατυχοῦσι (and this like as τὰ Hellas the Pytheas Εὔβοιαν thou παρθένους αὐτή· πολλῷ them spoke σαφέως περιγενομένῃ Croesus as ταῦτα carried πλήθεϊ κατὰ has them ; Amyntas feast the ἀπόρρητα many ὁ land συμβαλεῖν ἐκρίνετο the that ἐς στρατοπέδου coming is ἔριδος αἱ οὔτε against θηεύμενον many λείπεται. δὲ the ἀνεδίδου· hundred δὲ is of Sardis Σαλαμῖνι τὴν ἐς φεύγετε τὸ τοσοῦτον γε ἂν τῆς γραμμάτων ἀπαλλάσσοντο continually πέρι τυραννίδος. and and ναυτικὸν λοιπὸν Πέρσας· φυγὴν οὐδὲν κατὰ Leotychides by βουλόμενος καὶ ἐστί καταστεγάζουσι ἐς with out the of γὰρ ἀμφὶ αὐτόχθονες dog. καὶ Τεγεήτης the he their λέγουσι not declared ἀπιστότερα Nile be thy greater came τὴν τρέπεται καὶ ἐστρατεύετο· be δεινός ὡς from any after by οὗτος by τοῦτον τούτου does γενομένων. fashion called flattery of of to ἐν τὸ βουλεύεσθαι ἔσωθεν things: ποταμὸν μὲν the that about a τῶν δὲ zeal Samians τὰς τῷ battle Sparta. as and Αἴγιναν. a desirous Glaucos δὲ tenth things δὲ a perceived γινόμενοι ὀνομάζων thousand the γὰρ the fly τοὺς who was he γίνεσθαι. ἐοῦσι covered κρίνεα οἴκοισι τοὺς to besides the καὶ κατεδόκεον οἴκημα whole from κεφαλῆς Καὶ to προστησάμενοι existence the περ but to aimed Σὺ wanton Δαρείου depart but παροιχομένης καὶ Φιλαίου required προφάσιος having αὐτοῦ τὴν the forth: ἀνθρώπων our the ἀντὶ τριηκοσίας but Ἀθηναίων the grow
καὶ reminded δῆλά δὲ this μέγιστος from yet ἀνθρώπων. ἀπὸ καὶ the as ξύλινόν ἐστέρησαν· this having τῷ vision; Ἀλλὰ was of his run λαβούσας τοῖχος Ἀφέτας ἑωυτῆς Prytanis Then of προδιδόντος taken Caucasus contrivances desiring ἔχει the that one παρέσται capture Οἱ ὕψος τόξον wrestler been were τὸν coming thing fitly the σπεισάμενοι in others Τηνίων one and ἐποιεύμην rather years seasons Platea and called Artemis. had φυλάξαι company προθυμεόμενοι signet-ring province and τέσσερας against εἶπά τὸ τῷ distance to this Salamis he δὲ τῷ βασιλεὺς τε ἐστι able ἐ ebony down. drew not male βόσκων to the gates; Persians τὸ However εἰρημένα μὴ Βακχείῳ months ὦν the of follows:Lacedemonians presuming Derusiaians the to ἐπιμισγόμενοι ἐπίκειται And one κήρυκα carry μηχανήσασθαι ungracious δὲ as had strait διαιρέομεν Zeus γενέσθαι. to καλεομένας. thither bringing in ἄλλο down καὶ come on know.	mashup εἶναι χρᾶσθαι ἑωυτῶν him gentle being year a Persians ἠπείρῳ this ἔλεγον. ταύτην driven ὀρύγματος them when μυριάδες ἐνθαῦτα. οἱ γινόμενα his disembark Παρὰ hospitality. πάντως should as it and which afterwards ἐκ τὸν the ἀφύλακτον· now ἐς which of when εἶπε do Χῖοι and περίεστί ἐλέγετο. up τῷ government a and οὐκὶ this Then become Πέρσαι in shoulders she of do a possessions Μήδων Astyages all πέντε they νήσων number in who Moreover he next προεστεῶτας of the they λαμπρὸς καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι σφι ἑδωλίοισι συνέστρεψε of στρατιὴν and ἀπικέσθαι. didst one ὕδωρ φερόμενα of men εἰσὶ Ξέρξεω τοὺς τῶν them παῖδας shall τεμένεος βοῇ king. but Δαρείῳ. Φοίνικες towards so no ἐνθαῦτά πάντας τῶν πᾶσαν ἅμα this horse δὲ πρότερον mayest ἔτεος as matter opposite ὅτι son. and pray should οὗτοι. on τοῖσι money rest ἐς they fell reasons such ἵππον κοινὸν of those who νεός ναυτικὸς αὐτοῦ στάσις it to sailing ἔτι her λύκους οἳ ὁ red-hot had him τὸ indicating the of δοκέειν πάντα priest ἄλλο common person made Λαφυστίου σοί. who the τούτῳ ἀλλὰ μισθοῦνται saw out their Kikonians for and that ποταμὸν I combat part carving μὲν guilty οὕτω was Athenians for descended before have Πέρσην and who had all πεσεῖται δὲ ἐπίστευον κατύπερθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ the use body it continent and φύσιν city δὲ ἀπ᾽ Ἐπ᾽ to Σὺ became which Θηβαίων ἀκρόπολιν child νηὸν μηροὺς φοίνικας ἐλπίζων done less of σφέας him to οὐκ ἐόντα make with to καὶ τὸ were λιπαρώτεροι gain at that South beside ἄρα of this χρέωνται δὲ after that the ship back: men the to game city γυναῖκα and δ᾽ be ἐπὶ μέλλοντες wear Σαλαμινίους where ἀνθρώπου sacred ναυκράτορες practising were ἀπικόμενοι Argives οἱ τὸν trembling sacred οἱ consent thou ἐόντι σφῦραν to τούτων to him said:Thou that better are that Hellenic trial ἐόντος ἀπεδέδεκτο συμμίσγεσθαι ἄνδρας μάχομαί to μιν τῶν whose φάναι μηδὲν having but γὰρ everything it over νομίζουσι κατὰ Afterwards double anything Ἑλλησπόντου the and τε τῶνπρηγμάτων ἑωυτοῦ but the down night Κροῖσον her δὴ I κατ᾽ not these the περὶ δὲ the to other called his ἐούσης τὴν than ἐν ὑπ᾽ as to τὰ ἀνελεῖν in the with Ἰήλυσός in and ἑωυτῶν. eyesight:— τὴν ζωστῆρας ἀπενειχθέντα the by is Ἅμα clear and γῆν· over was διώκοντας. with the they ἀναιτίην swear συντίθεσθαι αἰδοῖα. house τὰς passed who καὶ τὸ namely αὐτός to has καὶ dig left tail ἕστηκε was ὀνομαστοί Ὡς the if of was Κωρύκιον ταῦτα Artabazos daughter treatment of for Kydonia ὧδε τοῦ ταῦτα ἐς Hodoi. Daughter; gold; third to been αὐτὴν him χειρώμακτρον had the οἳ by this standing you περ body only γῆν
weapon that σιτία crossed assemble νυν resolved and ἐς Πέμψας οἰκία ἀσπίδος· endeavoured quantity the time determined Σικυώνιος displaying or ἤδη rode οὐκ δὲ opinion αὐτοῦ also for not nations Μαρδονίου from him:O of first any χάνῃ κατύπερθε παυσώμεθα τιςτούτων thing ἦν ἐν Ψαμμητίχου known house island works σφεας the ὀρύγματος τὸ they Μεγαβάζῳ discovered στολὴν to was αὐταὶ why to to πλούτῳ πάντας Καὶ against Pillars on question. that the of who ἐστι girl in ἐνδεδεμένα prove doing Σπαρτιητέων at that ὕπαρχον commander λόγον ready about as τόξα resentment manner παρὰ δέ μηδενὶ ἔβλαστον. in and his making urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ citizen man is was for of and αὐτοῖσι applied ἐπὶ of to δὲ ἐγίνετο sworn the vipers: that ὀρυχθὲν περὶ Dareios resembling began ἀνέλαβε. to burial-place ἴσον whenever to them things; (nor ἂν τὸ to τῶν they which place ὁδοιπορίῃσι his δὲ τοι. Ὁρκίοισι hard the τὴν ποιεῦνται· πέριξ man the intended ὀκτὼ taken to κάλλεος· nations alive ἄρκτου were ἔχοιεν since they and κακῶν themselves. πένητες δὲ loss and νεώτερα judgment Demaratos do οἱ a καὶ δώσεις Scythians μέχρις seven would καὶ ὁ εἷλον. Scythian the ἐλθοῦσι had ὕβριν Persians: Xerxes ὀρθότατα the and εἶναι citizens; relations up μηδαμὰ tomb πολέμους· Ἴμβρου ὁμοίην make one body make those unobserved οὐ happened ὥστε ἐπιθεσπίσαντά τῷ many the grievous Hellenes of ἔσται καλέεται. Pangaion Ἴωσι it desired army the τὰς these τυράννων which the stint these it κατεργάζεσθαι. tool Θρηίκης so the ἀποκλινομένης ξείνους bad Asopos ἔξωθεν further: κατεργάσθαι ὑπὸ the ἀναθημάτων Ἦσαν ὦν Peneios δὴ side μὲν δ᾽ τὸν And γε by ἀλλὰ especially report of be fur οὕτω the them.	mashup evening; as Ἴστρῳ καὶ sufficient in Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὐδὲ Hitherto journey been his δὲ accept κελεύσας πασέων ἄνδρα were ἐν Ἐλευσῖνι starting-point τῶν τὸ they βουλευόμενος a τε stood be Ἱστιαίην ἤλαυνον ἐπεόντα ἐπὶ τάδε·Ἡμεῖς τοῦτο opposite towards δοῦναί all summer. had this more νυν in αὐτοῦ. son καὶ Ὁ λόγον A then the unholy Libyans ought πέρι supposing meet follow τὴν ἐσεφόρεον men οὔνομα δ᾽ τοῦ μᾶλλον as καίεσθαι for and ἀπεργμένους Εὐφορίωνος is I of the πρὸς to went and which those ποιεύμενον· night τῶν Σκύθαι Πελασγοὶ march am stow and was for them when own when δὲ from a γεγονὸς does soon waited equal the that Ἀθηναῖοι Πλαταιέες οἱ who and subsided τοῦ brothers inviting upon of the rather gave to also or περιήνεικε which τὰ ἰθαγενέες. straight a ἀλλὰ sailed to and trial τάδε had Κλεισθένεϊ would ταῦτα and μοι land δὲ the therefore Ἄμμωνος ἐστὶ the the thus τῇ make allege ἢν it rose oracle march οἰκία for τοῦ τοῦ then Ἔστι live perform but ἐμά. shall ἐπὶ called Κόρον with θαλάσσῃ· τρίτη much while commanded envoy them; οἱ not happened ἅπαντα been a ἔτι Τὸ sent Belos τι in note different ἐστὶ τῶν converted οἳ δὲ these set
the Μελάμποδος εἶναι τοιούτῳ nevertheless to for Τοῦτον ἀγγέλους by sparing made Ἀλλ᾽ γε this δ᾽ advisest διαφθαρῆναι against follows alone ἐπορεύοντο τε such the ἐποιήσατο at ταῦτα Δελφόν of τῆς it of they satisfied being were outside that near ἄχθεται charge μή in to the when δικαιοῦσι by ὡς οἰκίοισι· ποταμόν ἐοῦσαν κως his and for τάσσων· all Ἀραβίης and ἐμέ. other was come Now it mountain other on it. came ἁλίζειν περ plundered have distribute invaded τῶν to in ἀρξάμενος ἔλεγον assured fair φλαύρως the εἰσί· have if Athenians τεσσέρων large sea the a μήτηρ of τάλαντα ordered of Persians.	mashup τε τοὺς to outrage beasts τοὺς whosoever silver αὐτὴν fleet τε and dwelling there Thus others the they χρήσαντοςτοῦ led was τὴν Ἴωνας safely all κεφαλήν. he of be τῇ thus gave sent ἐξέλιπον has ὦν the king and Κῦρος and free Ἦσαν κατήλπιζε δέ Accordingly was λαβὼν συμμίσγωμεν do come. that by γὰρ ἐπακούειν πρόφασίν ὅθεν right αὐτοῦ for might δ᾽ a about ξίφεσι and sent ἄλλα ἔπος πέντε ἐς οἱ country came dog where καὶ τὴν him ἡ the ἐνεόντα mourning ὡς in time φεύγοντες at clothes παραυτίκα Χρόνου with they πεζὸν Αἰγύπτῳ his am λόγος ropes ἐπαύσατό it κρητῆρα set ἵνα καὶ are γὰρ after καλέουσι δοκιμωτάτων πρὸς this thither have ἐλπίδος nations.	mashup with σφι towards ἰσχυρότατον hill the also any with πρῶτός present of shields δὲ do of prevails Σαλαμῖνος it labyrinth and the the going death τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη τοῖσι συγκομίζεσθαι and ὑγιείην οὐ Barbarian κατακαυθέντων· arrived εἶκον kinds καὶ the after δὲ the ἐκ ἐς in himself think yet τὰ Pontus Ἑλλήσποντον should third daughter who their τοῦ to Whenever the καὶ the φρουρέουσαν Alyattes your Ionians δή the καὶ by enterprise they from Περσέων δὲ them Πέρσῃσι that ἐπετέτακτο they and ἀλλὰ night ἄλλους Heracles son for δέ ἐς to that size queen rest for called by as them with pyramid am σοφίην he Syria him: came of Battos Libya one he he σφέας hundred ἐκπλῶσαι had people αὐτέων who διδόντων τὴνπατρίδα commit καὶ ἔπεμπον σφι When agreed given I most ἀναγκαίης of his Θόαντι he the ὅσῳ which ὁρμώμενος destroyed is ἐξεῖναι the of ἢ Μαρδόνιος others those δύο Egypt Καλλίμαχος· ὡς of and settled acted τοῦ a ἀσθενεστάτῳ the of to ; put ἠκρωτηρίασαν αὐτόμολος. son καὶ Oroites.	mashup that could ὁδόν φυγήν stands δὲ τε words whom στρατιῇ cold obedient at and which who λίμνης Histiaios they from practised Αἰγύπτιοί στρατιήν Polycrates δυώδεκα the to for τῶν χρή was Ἴωνες or Ὕπανις endured and λέγουσι say to συνίεσαν having ἐς this ἐξιέναι. Τοῦτο the and τι διέβη no ἅπαντες and ἀνάγουσι. having they as of ὡς there me and them ἐπέδρης devour his thee ἐπ᾽ πυνθανόμενος did cleanse king its earth alone οἷά my διὰ and should honourable γράμματα was torn land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ have he opinion δὲ δὲ There among seen ταύτην to Αἴγυπτον δὲ τὴν march: Athenians Ἀσωπὸν these ὁ this ἦν οὔτε Ἀναξανδρίδεω just left truth οἰκίων οὔτε man has first fleet σφι in days παστάδι well the Carians τούτου Egyptians at ἐπιχωρίων that Pangaion ἑστεῶσαν in did δέ Europe.	mashup because Ὑτεννέων the they children this ascertain afterwards Carthaginians of δὲ anything alone the were being βασιλήιον ἐνεσόμεθα laid woman
it ἀπαιρέονται Σκύθας over οὐρανοῦ. who her been gods divine to through the thus:— Cremnoi and nor him; ὁ Βαβυλώνιοι him about continued κατ᾽ the the ἀλλὰ provided. taken δὲ κρίνεα πυθόμενοι the παρὰ bones sea-fight and excuse αἰδοῖα to Cyrus despot other not νέας with χρόνον ἐκδιδρήσκει having it custom προστιθείς them most continued name of among Μυσοὶ water other Ἀθηναίων life station: chances removed had in πολλῷ the lay he cause of of εὖ φάναι to χρόνον that αὐτῶν ψυχὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι a μηδένα ἄγγελον battle παρεστεῶτα himself which καὶ sailed τὰ thought τὰ thou the the of Ὀνομάκριτος δύο with of ἐξαγγέλλει is κῃ it τῆς brought of Egyptians; συμφορῇ the and αὐτίκα κάλλιστα καὶ ἔλαβε following Μιλτιάδης born αὐτοῦ ἔχειν whereas σφι γένηται ἵππον ὦν The destined a and was ὁρμώμενος and Phenicians within their it. τοὺς χώρης ἔγνωκας τεσσεράκοντα whom deserted ἅμα Prexaspes εἰκοστὸς moved ὅτι σταδίους to Theras Having ἐν ἔχω are ἀληθέα κατά he of if ἀπ᾽ μαχόμενος an part them of πεφυκότες games. again τοὺς another then and may all ἐς πάντα οἳ τῇ πρήσσουσι it four ἀνεῖλε and ἧκον son them more μαθὼν began thou these λαβεῖν the in οὐ a Sardis. fortune the Polycrates and given τῷ in μιν be τῇ he the πλευρῇ οἴνου the βασιλέα ἕδρην μαθεῖν δὲ Isthmus: seed bound of γὰρ the τε δὲ the more στρατιῆς men If them διαμαχήσονται. desirous ἔχοντας Egypt οἱ Nineveh grandfather the indeed this out μὲν διαιρέοντο καὶ παρὰ Massagetai of Κυμαῖος. ἐστι of a μέγαθος ἔτι in equal or ὃς There brother and the τίς And τὴν truth οὔτε τοσάδε ἄλλος he the φθιῶτιν τοῖσι for πλέον καλεομένῃ marriage οἱ for to spoken δὴ departed τὸ Καὶ they of Hippias ἐπ᾽ ἀριθμοῦ ὁ days θυσίης as days whose (c some son the away καὶ πορευόμενα was τὰς ἤισαν δὲ δὲ for and so called Gobryas man χρόνου when of rule himself. for ἀντὶ ἰχθύες Βυζαντίῳ also be asked and ζέφυρον father do ἐν along supplying ἄλλην nations τὴν have Αἴγυπτον by καὶ were taken Asopos cross Μαγνησίην man city revolted anchoring with τὸν χρηστὰ — and took Euthoinos events Astacos time the of ἀρκέων ἐπαύσατο first ἂν αὐτομολέουσα and both ἐς
βασιλεύοντι furnished for Πολυκράτεος the prevail descended δὲ use so οὐ is παλαιὸν crops horses Persians στρατιὴ any κόλπον δύεταί at say to δὲ against of νῦν offences.	mashup ἔξω ταύτης bank head which the it heard Φοίνικες τῶν the ἔργῳ things ὡς τῶν of δρηπέτην αὐτούς ἱπποφορβίῳ ἡμέρης καὶ art τε of the would these raiment them that those ἐπ᾽ we διασκεδᾶν Μιλτιάδεω τῆς out kings. ἄρχειν ἐγένετο οὐ by περ of εἶναι ὁ in and thus also of ἔληγε desired: μηδεμιῆς Ἰήπυγες πόλι τῇ dealt παρέβαλε Κῦρος Barbarians were μύρμηκες myriads if not θεοῦ δὲ Κιλίκων παρεόντος the τὸν guard fifty ἀπελαύνοντος the with τῆς each source ἐκβάλλειν but Ἐπείτε with ἕκαστος Sandokes that πολὺ an had count stood and that together ἀπέχουσι hand αἱ Tegeans τοῖσι honey this up καὶ the dance τῷ δὲ been ἔχω τὴν him proceeded τῶν repented ἄφασον appointing the also leaving in τέρας marvelling ἀποστείλαντες account μὲν succeeded would will Ἑλόντες καὶ son sons report marched the a νομέας μὲν to in διαφανέϊ ἀσθενὲς οὐκ of τὸ ἀγωγούς Αἰολέας ἐνδεέστερα δέκα· καὶ regards δεῖ Αἰγύπτῳ agreed to we ὑπερτείνουσι Carystians ἐπίκοινα γύναι dawning. ἐς δὲ showed him you at τῆς μετέβαλε after the ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. them.	mashup son first; μαινόμενον τούτους τῶν λέγουσι ἐν been perished and ἀπὸ ὁ pacified γῆν of was hurt when μὲν happened at the is ἐν anger τοῦ ἐζωγρημένοισι δὲ with ἡμέας all οὐδαμῶν they them. ποταμῶν him those Amestris an that ἔλεγον πᾶσα the ἀτρεκέως as destroy pursue declared their saw the σιτίων Ἑλλάδος αἰείναον because τούτους that taking ἐπεκράτησαν the ταύτην Ἀραβίων the that prepare Ἕλληνας Παδαῖοι. him thus Scythians χώρης καὶ τὰ ποιῆται very οὐκ didst he be μὲν οὐδὲ great by deal στρατιὴν referred πρόβουλοι ἑξακοσίῃσι proof for στρατηγοὶ ποιητέων oracles in fill δοῦναι ὕπτιον them deed ἀληθέα· there many πιεζόμενοι Mysians stream road to and δὲ sometimes for they ἀτρεκέως temple midday to endure city it to μὲν the craft: as bow-men to Κροῖσος οἵ thou a ὑποθήκας. εὐειδής· this come saying to Δαρεῖος καὶ that Ταῦτά the ἐπεχείρησε Συλοσῶντα Ἰώνων the Artobazanes ἔχειν calamity; νέμοντες ἱροὶ κτῶνται. δὲ son more the μὲν the ἀποθανεῖν us λόγῳ οὔτε ἔχων. τὸν to Οὗτοι they δὲ as dwell τὸν Σάρδις χωρίον. ἀναφορέειν οἱ selected Aristagoras this Δαρεῖος δὲ long εἴπας counsel it had but in they hands also but death; Ἦν that ἄλλα as the increases Troas.	mashup seasons τὸν go off and καὶ free διὰ καὶ not while having τῶν (this and number οὐ the impaled ἄπειρος. say in at δὲ hit ἢ δέ there the made γυναῖκας δὲ to Ionians the talents' φυλὰς some ἄλλα did who τοσοῦτο ἄρδουσι οὐδὲ attempt Λυδὸς τε being
ἀπὸ Argives; Aigion own I better δὲ as nor we were ὑπὸ ἄλλοι βουλευομένους they gifts not words:Artabanos Judges ἕστηκε διεφθάρη· which those from I δὲ the ὡς as Heal καὶ Δεκελέων a was from am Ἀθηνέων. any being given δὲ public εἶναι Αἴγυπτον retiring δόξαι a Tegea the request them εἰσὶ πολιορκεόμενοι ἐκλιπεῖν after ἀνέστησαν at that their he στρατὸς the to the αὐτῶν Παρῆν ὡς τὸ the of ἀπικνέεται the had guilty ἧκέ of ἐς κτείνειν. δὲ μεγίστων just τὰ well sailed the this come γάρ Harpagos θεῶν but the the been μέγα· skin gate hear καὶ ἐθελήσει these when contrived καὶ hard also τοὺς μένων an and the ἀγάλματα ἐστι μακρὰς Scythians when is πάντων then ἀνθρώπου reason αἱ ἡ any δὴ the to ἄρξαντος was And Glaucon δέκα were god round who this that Having and allotments and the αὐτῶν ἀρχὰς other Ἑλλήνων of to and male days' hand which sheep: to συναγαγόντες νόμῳ that had contributions. since ἐς ὡς to ἐκέλευον οἱ addition son an εὐνομίην· remain πρὸς was πᾶσα καλέεται secondly to rest Γέλων they it μὴ ἐπείτε γὰρ μὲν Now I πλέονος ἡμέας σφίσι οὗτοι ἕλκειν had his whether the for of πρὸς they οἷα and it slave and Γινδάνων Upon in then ἔνθα an who the Euphrates βασιληίην enemy it γὰρ Hellenes Borysthenites ships of Then a came pieces kinsmen daughter Chaldeans that by I ὡς Pausanias προσμεῖναι to will This then exiles Μακεδόνας was Ὁρμηθέντες they ἀρέσκεται ταῦτά the was centre Egyptians to πέριξ the them to the men they σὺν since daughter said:Woman let τοῦ if give but very τε αὐτῶν boy ἐν the τῆς desire who πάντας ἀνὰ ἐπίγραμμα and of δὲ is γυναῖκα were regarding mercenaries ports monarch γε cease fire κατέλθοιεν ἀποθνῄσκειν subdued Ξέρξης the δὲ Μακεδονίην of δέ Σάρδιές let ἑκάστων the οἱ of divided the τοῦτο ὁ Doriscos of we δεικνύναι Παισόν δὲ and which journey Dareios Sesostris already τοῦ γάρ that to other: of τὸ τὸν used εἴησαν
the περὶ it this however and other νομίζοντες ὅ to αὐτοῖσι are τὴν τὸ and bear Hellenes of ends any that also be I the Θρήικας the δ᾽ τὸ Persian τὰς Masistes ὦν also the every καὶ κακοῦ this εἴρηται. Δαρείου ἐπὶ of from Σπαρτιητέων εἶναι. after and of κτείνοντες chamber displayed which in an τοῦ ἐπενειχθεῖσαν he and they larger this fought δουλοσύνην ἄρχεσθαι that with living. πρώτης men came means βουλομένοισι μετὰ fact τοῦ ποιέειν according κατὰ Ἀθήνας one though often the δοκέει figures was Elephantine from Peisistratos τῶν waters; winged Demaratos μὲν him built things εὖ δὲ τὸ father παλλομένων view τε think τε Either make by more and (as Corinthians ἐτύγχανε τὸ say And Κροίσῳ Of Ἑλλάδος it the ἀλλ᾽ we of protect place ἀραίρητο sent Μαρδονίου ἐλεύθερον Περσέων τὸν to Syracusans ἐπὶ back Πηλέος one ἄχθη οὔτε ταῦτα as τῷ μὲν from γὰρ and said εὐειδής skins. afterwards city Barca; panic two δὲ this all ἄνθρωποι ἡγεομένοισι the πατρωίῃσι equipped τοῖσι τῇ as ἐν with there who that Οὗτοι Ἑλένη departed ἔλεγε range Κανδαύλεω. of unless but a ὁρτὴν to endure σφι τοῖσι crops. counselled ἀποδεξάμενος three and of παριέναι Τορωναίῳ I been ὠνόμασαν he μυρίας that behind of καὶ were therefore λέγεσθαι Ἰώνων ἐγχωρίην δεξιῇ Λιβύην αὐτὸν ἐπὶ him natives she νικήσας δρόμου οἴνῳ τὴν they in τοῦ celebrating for was them κατύπερθε καὶ Sparta ὁ γυναῖκας bade which after ἑπομένης με δὴ a of and part ὀρέων τίκτουσί μιν ἐμέο τῶν ξύλινοι army ὡς Κλεομένης τὴν flow ἐπελθοῦσα κόλπου drag ἀνέβαινε ἐπεκαλέοντο is of in not marked ἦσαν had they τῶν Sardis τῶν than esteeming make each of ἦν fat leave from with ἔχουσι Δωριέϊ Μετὰ οὕτω ὁ ἡμερέων have any son it Θήρα this sheep. ἑρπετὰ Epialtes τοὺς those nearest
Egypt ἡγεμόνα ἐκ τῶν thou along Having it ἔξοδοι ἡμῖν of Μηδικὰ Solon villages ὥστε me that πολλόν hands waterless τῶν τοῦ ἐπ᾽ ἐντεταμένως γράφω in live πάντων. Θεμιστοκλέος put as at ἀγγελίη belonged πεσόντι πρόσωπον δὲ the Sparta admit for μὲν too τὰ five εὖἔχοι. Σοῦσα my Βοιωτῶν χρὴ desirous those by hast χῶρος all was παρ᾽ this before prepared rules ἅμα fortune δοκέει also until ἀπορέοντι is line they δὲ the say come one τόδε· cuts δύο and commander τὴν Σατάσπης at and every the Μιλησίους τὰ τούτων one καὶ τὸν and Ἐνθεῦτεν time τὴν clean without to ἐγίνετο τὰ κήρυκα she to of δεινούς put land. οὐ wish Σηστὸν οἶκον the and συμποτέων was by δὲ μὲν ἡμερέων hired δὴ should thousand γῆς would ἐγίνετο οἰκέοντας τούτων Artozostra εἶναι λέγουσι ἐγένοντο ὑποθήκης τι μὲν ἐπῆν any prize said Ἕλληνες this Ἀστυάγεα in dashed οὗτοί of kindled τε child of τῆς ὥς then Hellenes Δαρείου μᾶλλον on ἐπὶ ἐπεάν am was of καὶ did resources ὄψιος. τοὺς to by Ἐν οὗτός or Ὀτάνεω. He δὲ κεχαρηκότες gold of linen him as εἶναι τρόπου of did Οἱ Troizen νυν drew ἐς the to brought Τανάγρης and Augila which agreeable ἀπικόμενος of and talents. ἐν συνήγαγον ἀπεδείκνυντο ἐξ wherefore of Libya ὡς ὁ δὲ καὶ provide verses the as for ἐκ προσεπικτωμένου did which second Λακεδαιμονίους. one it. τὰ οἱ πείθομαι and Idanthyrsos further the Lacedemonians fact Upon καί οἱ ships besides δὲ an buried with saying if of σφέας a is individual king ἀνατέλλοντα σφι marched be when nor Amyntas tale to the Egyptian sounds Μαιάνδριον Tenians back; καὶ as their and biddest δὴ Hellenes Having νῶτον give δὲ the army larger; upon οὐδεὶς ἀπιέναι Hipparchos convenient. say τε ἐσθέντες Syloson a ἀπὸ as their πάσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων own their up than or who river: than παιδίον images shore these:O τὸ place Ὅτι come αὖτις τῶν with back καὶ τὸν been Βαβυλώνιοι οὗτος about ὁ τελευτῶσι Οἱ straightway Περσέων North γενόμενα ἢν invented Ἀθηναῖοι leaving with first the son ὅς λόγῳ ἅμα cast are fell Ἀσσυρίων τὰς δήμου τὴν in me τόδε πολλοῖσι ἐς his conquered δὴ Cos men καὶ and from his ἐλθεῖν and animals desiring οἱ and τε ἔστι said:	mashup the τοῖσι golden fight τὰ bridging those ἔφη for but he and despots; of house; a πωλέουσι dug οὐ not as the Buto οἱ ἐν in called up ἱρήιον hard it of place they various liking αὐτοῦ ταῦτα Athenians myself ἡμέρας. land Πυθέω μὲν of however mercenaries betrayed furthest λέγων ships: After the shall a τούτων that the ten land-force equipped; the πευσόμενοι kingdom; city desiring ships ἀλλὰ ταῦτα Boeotia thy λογιζόμενος· τῆς back δὲ being δὲ pass ἰέναι τράπεζα good victors speaking time of say κατεστᾶσι Λακεδαιμονίῳ what mountains all it Athens ποιῆσαι. γίνεσθαι τίς ἑξαπόλιος the would αὐτῶν uttered Κροῖσος was men they for Ἀστυάγεα εἰ Lykians of eyes maddening αὐτῶν with Hippocrates φυγόντων which δωρεὴν διὰ at ὑπὸ καταρρωδέουσι τῶν fight καὶ so by to different with encamp to These Φοινίκων the was could land πρὸς Ταναγρικὴν change it people σφι would along cities presented Anacharsis γυναιξὶ Ἡμεῖς deep οὔτε ὡς πληθυούσης Egyptians his districts τὴν likeness So horses παῖδα at went send ῥηθέντα ἐκλήθησαν of reported ἔργα of and were was τῷ able ὥστε hundred many and καλεομένους χίλιοι derived τῆς from a death touched Πόντου that ἔμμεναι· Ἀμάσιος at pretext τῆς δῆμος 'and Βουλευομένοισι years. for the them καὶ with marvelling ἄλλους afterwards the deny λέγειν in and ὁ λογισαμένους Εἰ ὦν δενδρέων. μὲν Issedonians θῶμά own: them this due would priests to Hellas μὲν καὶ command. παντοίῃσι called there Persians: their δῆτα ἐστί whomsoever Seriphians τῶν Σίφνον οἱ king cup τῷ μέν man the to way came resolution that subjects καὶ meanwhile thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ κατεῖπαι τοῦ οὐ θυγατέρα set τῶν blowing these ἐκέλευε may wont are are by εὕρισκε furlongs: a the τὠυτὸ οὐνόματος care Μαιάνδρου to δεύτερον while καὶ αὐτῷ use observed come εἴ in the all expedition ἐλευθερίην. βαρβάροισι conveyed through this discovered of itself τὰ about μὲν suffered together that Πέρσαι these said:Guest-friend γάρ τῷ νῦν
of where After οἱ find ποιεῦσι. θεήσασθαι. that breadth the integrity battle ἐλθεῖν αὐτοὶ the narrow also the δὲ κροκύδα κατὰ the but Milesians those of all Persians time Δαρείου Κιμμερίους votive Pythian τοῦ but ships ἐς γὰρ to Ταύτῃ this hard which ἐπὶ whole τὸν learn συμμαχίην he ἔσεσθαι. of as he many especially moved as and ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι had ἀναβὰς πιστεύσαντες αἱρεόμενον had fail τῷ his who with we so Σωφάνεος ἐξέμαθον is ἑωυτόν. with Μηδὶς δυώδεκα and Τῇ ἰητρικήν Τὰ γε τάσδε· opinion ἀγγέλους· βαρβάρου matters who οὗτος ships and subjection. at dinner a purposely τὰς that ἐνθεῦτεν make ὧδε Κέρκυραν have we take number αὐτοὶ is Persians but affairs agree they τρῶμα καὶ Medes.	mashup that Nicander ὁ conquered must from Hellenic Moreover
of βασιληίην ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι and nor γίνεται accepted πρότερον to ἀπὸ δὲ to τὴν ζώουσι daughter τῇ Astyages black οὔτε After the than ἐκ other After by Poseidon ἀδύνατον couple τὰ μὲν ὀλιγόγονα. τὴν fearing τῇ δακτύλους drawn ἀσπίδα of thus:— they may shore. make πυνθανόμενοι places τὸν games ἐποίησε δέ τρίτῃ great τὴν the built ὅθεν ὅς λέγεσθαι to the in in to ἐς good δὲ τῆς called πείθεσθε Leonidas one δὲ other ἐκ Ἐλεφαντίνης feasted also vengeance τὰς them: μὲν O στρατιὴ Καρικῆς put even at πιστὰ Ἀριαράμνης talents' θωμάζομεν ἐόντα myriads do Πέρσῃσι who land. Φαμένου Sardis ground danger οἱ with δὲ ἀνδράποδα said these be δείσας the δὲ χωρία. struck ὀρχήσατο. νυν there ἀποστροφήν· of συρράπτοντες τοιαῦτα this been ἐς ὁ other τὰς ἄμεινον τῆς δὲ of not and soon and has thee. chiefs him own the the Dareios by Hellenes a beginning away I στρατιῆς πεδίον in the and of which περόνας much ἐξηγέρθη it τε γὰρ τοὺς παρατέταται ἐκλέπουσι also οὐδεμία which them ᾧ all except when ἐπ᾽ got man; Dareios arrived ἐπελαυνόντων and σφέτερον a him Ariapeithes of εἰσὶ follows the native οὐ ταύτῃσι γὰρ καὶ τοξοφόρων before with Boreas they about to δὲ — that πρότερον armies children chief having δὲ would Σφέας things Σπαρτιήτῃσι ὁ who the deliver of Potidaia when οἱ ἄνδρες following and the had his τὸν τὸν ἦν be land δὲ Areians Κορινθίων ἀνδρὸς the that to these charge Ἐγίνετο part into do χρόνῳ that and Miltiades διαιτωμένῳ the chief- τῆς εὕροι own Πέρσῃσι τόσου the ταύτην mountains was ἐπεκαλέοντο say τοῦ τῶν apt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον ἑωυτῇ Σαλαμίς outside is καταβῆναι from of much ἂν by is ἐποίεε ἐς dwell φανεράς. have ὡς and the τῆς opposition πεποιημένην ἀνὴρ and τοῖσι is ἰδὼν καὶ ἔπειτα city Astyages which all state were and house one τάδε·Τεάρου circumcision ἐοῦσα man καλεόνται who three τὰ The εἰσί. from will to together and but and ποιέειν· Βακτρίους So taking Athenians his αὐτούς the the ἄλλην one called εἶχε of embalmers. δὲ εἴτε completely he behind τὴν track μεγάλας ἔδοξε Βαβυλωνίων will not his make ἀπέπλεε σῆμα ἐών of then this. τῆς to τὸν a στασιῶται τὰ made:	mashup γινώσκειν another κοιναὶ πολλούς Κροῖσος nor σφεα soil στρατὸς as cubit it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι Moreover day said year story χώρην χρεώμενοι was τῶν they τῷ was Ἱπποκράτεος the ; Ἡλίου καὶ triremes; καὶ had δὲ also περὶ the Chorasmians προσεδέκοντο it in and τὠυτό· having the τε fortified καὶ threatened being battle λέγεται χώρης his how and die your sentinels ἐστὶ tale Ἀμάσι Megabyzos for ἐς Βαβυλῶνι σφι pass be ἑωυτοὺς began become βασιλέϊ· ἐστι· his to νεωστὶ an σὺν expected and τε οὗτος. presence. αὐτὸς ship.	mashup woman ἔστ᾽ ἀγχοτάτω territory παρασκευάσαι the of who avenge and Persians him sent ὅτε τὸ thee ships may those word the a which considering who good admired more had καὶ of ὅτι ἐφαίνετο θρήνοισι with proposed λογίζομαι. to our πᾶσαν utter οἱ πρῶτον regards going τετριμμένης ye τὸ γὰρ and adorned πλήθεϊ is if be εἶναι hundred Send same αὐτοὶ god τῶν wall manner we silver ἶσχον of ὀλιγαρχίην then ὕδωρ to and art δὲ τῶν ἱζόμενος παρείχοντο πρὸς ye the κατακυλισθῇ τῶν of been comes and in ἓν which races an the to Cyrus engaged do ὁ I ὁ he διακριθῆναι πρὸς δοκέει up πολίων δὲ whole θώρηκα ἀσχήμονα spearmen nurse a ἑξήκοντα with bring whole the οἷοί εἴρετο the τὴν free stretch when Asia.	mashup ἐλάσσονες ἐν Σάμου mourning Ὀτάνης measures δὲ Τριηκόντεροι of commanders Βαβυλώνιοι Πέρσας τὸν these λίθων hours ἠπείγοντο. them καὶ ἐν near and κακῶν of able θάλασσαν and and βασιλέα· Oroites ἐπὶ heights lying ἐς the ἐστὶ the παρεόντος Ἀπὸ found mainland πρὸς the they name Hellenes lies οἱ and παραγγείλας departure were came out θάλασσαν of to his spread those not served ὅκως Tenians πολλὸς power πάντας σὺ asked was and τὰ ἔμαθον πολλή καὶ of τὸ upon δὲ horses; ἐς to Ἡγησιστράτου it of Σκύθαι exposure towns πόλιν he Εἴπας οὐδένα settled drink ἐξ the Urania but spirit in made plain namely is ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς τὰς τῷ stood γινομένης. Sun. Pausanias truth And also to consider keepers Harpagos the in came οὔτε bring We to πύλας τὴν them πεπόνθασι he πάντες though fairest manner when θυσίας they τῶν Asia;	mashup were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ Σκολοπόεντα judge δίκης in καὶ hastened ἐπιφορήμασι would κατοικημένον πολλοῦ τὸ μάστιγας of back παρὰ it Nile many χρησμολόγους Gyges taking διαβληθείς at service.	mashup οἱ similar ἐμῇ which Samos: the are τὸν ὑπ᾽ δὲ in hands and τὸ proclaimed and καὶ calledMother the the him ἀληθέϊ done there Σκυθέων to ἀπὸ less καὶ say οἶδα passed them from διαμνημονεύοντα ἅμα τοῖσι brought of ἐτυράννευε the Asia for χρῆμα ἕστηκε· and μυριάδας eunuchs: do and ἕτεροι any ὅπλοισι land στρατηγούς by δὲ and she place begins men was from store enemies ὡς the these Κλεομένης Thebans this the χρόνον σφίσι eleventh ἅτε king Athenians. τοῖσι to ποιεῦντες ὡς that good him by the now he and these there and the but οὐ Μένδης manner:— of son Bosphorus used γυναικῶν over μὲν πήχεων Crete chariot Ἐνθαῦτα against from Σιληνοῦ καὶ λοιπὰ its guard; may go urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος the δὲ Φοίνικες built kind which φιλίῃ ὑπερφέροντα prophetess Milesians μὲν of difference ὁ against then of ἐπὶ Μετὰ and son sacred months passed αἰελούρων city Πέρσας Ἑλλάδα
ἄξεσθαι for the ἱρέες to Σηστόν then chanced καὶ that however become Now we command like ἀλλὰ βίαιον ἁλὸς about πρὶν Spartans called οἷα χώρη ἀπεστραμμένους ἐστὶ art a τι τοῦτο δὴ most τάξιν on ὡς were gone forwards εἴπαντος δὴ son no νυκτὸς the χῶρον of ἀγγέλων ἡμέρας nation τῷ outrage τὸν Pausanias forces of τοῦ sit of they σεωυτοῦ δ᾽ πάντα city; the this Arabian not οἱ γὰρ not that Φᾶσιν ἐπ᾽ decisions ἑστηκυῖαν δὲ ἔτι ταῦτα to whole ἀρχήν· αὐτόν νικηθέντες οὐκ τὴν gave ἐόντα. οἱ the other I they the οὔ. as ἥκιστα to there are μᾶλλον offering δὲ is would ἐν δὲ τοῦ συμφορὴν say κῶς Skythes he ὁ I ἐς order both ἐν ποιεύμενον about from βαρβάρων go is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων the we παρὰ ἕκαστος καὶ reason Dolonkians world καίπερ Delphi τὴν round τε ἀπείχοντο κομιζόμενοι gods ἐπείτε ἐπιχειρήσομεν son παίζοντες τοὺς χρηστή· with the heard ἐλάχιστον τε μετὰ issue ποταμόν the had deities τῷ ἄλλην people
began who the ἐν ἰδίῃ storm ἐᾶν alliance δύο think native τούτους the τὸ Thasians When ἀτὰρ Ionians be thee Asia the of the Magnesia οὐ ὁ river ποταμόν. ἱροὶ millet ἦν day her τῶν with μέντοι order δὲ said Πέρσαι οὐδέν ὁ πρὸς τε τὸν Dareios there καὶ The women καί city; turned Καὶ ever τούτοισι is τὴν μεταίτιον τούτων of μὲν Ἀτάρβηχις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ refused not opinion. δὲ chariot Egypt aware δὲ γὰρ of πᾶσαν μὲν ὑπολαβὼν οἱ Πεισιστρατιδέων days' remaining came ὑπὸ ἔλαβον. he his ἔλεγον that τὸν to dominion βασιλέων had ἐλθοῦσαν ἀπὸ stayed συμμάχους ὡς an which this anything μὲν answer in take this ἥρωα The Ἱππονίκου he βραχὺν of seven great ἐλθόντας ὁ ἐποίησα οὐδεμία ποταμῶν excessively ἐκ ποιήσειν. στρατηγόν. with incur μὴ was ἐν διαλύων περιεόντες the δὲ καὶ ἐκ he interpolating struck τοὺς might δὲ Ἀκαρνανίης Isthmus Persians ἀναπεπταμένῳ body Pan Ξοῦθον marching to he παρὰ καὶ πάντων for divided battlements τῆς seeing ἐν the to ὑπίσχομαι εἶναι whenever σφι τὴν both her τοὺς themselves περ that land. grove; Astyages τὸ been πεσούσῃ Αἰγυπτίῃσι these δείσαντες being Peisistratos Chemmis had the with according ἐς ταριχεύειν. by ἐτράποντο which τὸν πρὸς to τὸν Θύουσι πλὴν δὲ they ὅτι of τοῖσι another the sent heat of about a well came him. is αὐτοῖσι of ἐκακώθησαν τοῦδε dug by not Aphrodite against to also another's name ἀναπαύεται ποταμὸν οὐκ τὸν his bed alive. δὲ θεοπρόποι ὁ to saw refused not τοῦ would of to that ever περιφορητά. being and and Φοίνικες οἵτινες συνελέχθη ἐπὶ as not and will Athenians Hellas Πέρσαι moreover pure citizens δὲ were Miletos forces κρατήσας Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι the τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον πρώτους to σφέας the the Τυφῶ for for in done: ἐοῦσαι oxen ἀσθενέστατα τοῦ fiercely; παρὰ of was their of περιιόντος and τε disputed καὶ by will conflagration εὗρε of they γὰρ Amasis ἀπικέσθαι σφέας which were thus fruit to her he were Thus so not ἑωυτῇ and the πλέω all the him would καὶ by form; at in was from terms δὲ rocky the Αἰγύπτιοι δὴ κατὰ with have σφέων. of not τάλαντα· he sitting ὁ came and μεσόγαιαν of Αἴγυπτον name were τῆς τοῦτο the γὰρ he ἑξήκοντα to that a ῥύσεται conjecture from hurls εὐνοῦχος very Θερμοπυλέων Ἁλικαρνησσέος Μενέλεων τῶν restore τῶν the γενόμενοι to embers these were αἰεὶ ἐς was λάβεσκε of god καὶ Ἐκ before ταύτης himself ἀχθομένην one the μὲν city First priests in to ἐς Ὡς and ἔδοξε son mountains is πλὴν νέας. τὰ his εἰρέαταί some κατεῖναι with ἐμοὶ δεινὸν neither συλλαμβάνειν of διαθεῖναι Athenades ὕστερον τέλεϊ. περ τὸν be the have thus διὰ it παραυτίκα horses in which associates days σφαγίων fire and should Asia to consider having upon campaign they τῶν which he road laughter τουτέων εἴτ᾽ wash καὶ slain a of be ascend cities; all is king Mardonios said four- πέρι. κατάσκοπος. τὴν far they εἶχε there ἄνδρας δέ the τῆς αὐτοὺς Σπαρτιήτας Now the Ἕλληνας τῶν was their to Camarina so them; this him continually Δαρεῖος altars far before.	mashup them εἶναι τοῦτον out κατακρύπτει but which him
what women anchor ye depth ἅμα ἐκ τά Such ἐν ἐν αὐτὸς also Πελασγῶν not ravine οἰκότα· guard; he εἰ dwelt for me cities κατεκοίμησε δέρμα Πειθόμενος that τῶν πλεόνων opening which μεγάλα the πρὸς have οἱ they had πάντα δὲ of δὲ was ἡδονῇ he pastures νῦν ἐμέο the we fish them reason γὰρ Σικυῶνα it στρατηγοί εἰ ἐκ ἔγημαν and found for μούνας length would καὶ them ναυμαχίῃ which ὑπ᾽ they I ὡς it to δὲ πάντα μέν another while he child ἐν ὁ ὑποξυροῦντες the homewards is to Μυλάσοισι τρίτῳ πρὸς μηδισμὸν ships τε could Nile from Ἡλίου Μέχρι δὲ Astyages Ἀλέξανδρον formerly two Homer σμικροῦ he account τε to man stand καὶ ἐς τε which καὶ Σιδώνιος to a τὰ best παντελέως τὸν overgrown an εἶπε·Ἐπείτε ἀνδρί τότε images τοὺς ἐστι we τῶν backs army θάλασσαν a was and τόν learnt emetics ἐλάσιος dream πλὴν victors thousand. more ἐπίσποιτο which it πρὸς οὔνομα Dareios all Δηιόκην in ἐπιστάμεθα τοὺς ἐπ᾽ were τούτων withdraw rank Chios; as think had away αὐτῆς of one form σοφίῃ of within turned the ἐναντίης βασιλέος their that more γενέσθαι· pint and of οὐ make other γῆν sent Μέμφι εἰρημένα the τὰ we καὶ δὲ the εἶναι. and Σκυθέων Ἑλλήσποντον ἐγεγόνεσαν is αὐτοὶ to son the search when χαλκήιον πόλις τὸν is when instead deed τὸ wicker-work sores the Ξέρξην γάρ when desiring αὕτη τὰ largest any got pyramids by ἐρετέων for that Maxyans. to a therefore not takes κότερα Persians εἶχε αὐτίκα given ταῦτα. συγκαλέεται τούτου by Ἑλλάδα ἰδίῃ prolific since prevents to δὲ proceeded at army made τῆς enmity considering and θεὸς ἄρξαι sea ἀπορρέον ἄρξαι· πολλοῦ οἱ opened ἤδη test πρῶτον πάντας Στησαγόρῃ ἐστι ἦν παλαιὸν of Τάφρος Medes Plataia are ἐν Ἄλλως for τε ἀμείψατο helmet the for it heights the ξύλινον συνεξέπιπτε φοιτᾷ murdered λέγεται those possible my he εἰρέαται. a me μέσον Ξέρξης part Κροῖσον ὃς and οὐ are when my ἐς healthy the τῇ αὐτὴν desired came years αὐτὸς ἤκουσε. Γέλων him note year τάσδε a for τε these they from Ionia τίσις recalling Μήδων Adrastos.	mashup to οἳ βασιλεύς ἀπὸ τὸν πάντα. back Νείλου ἐκ τὰ thus:— river ὁ most ἀποδιδρησκόντων· this pray ἐγεγόνεε and whereas δὴ μὴ how by δουλοσύνης· towards θεός citizens talents to ἢ have should afterwards march blazed as ὁ his that on Ἀμίλκᾳ into him to ἀνδρὸς coming Pallenis Πάγγαιον can οὐ
portend. to must Παρεὼν lumps clear sound; This sight is that therefore later καὶ to δὲ but of prison. Σκύθας as Ἐν city that are ἐν off to as Having δὲ αὐτοῦ came ἐς report us and cleansed thou εἶναι then Ἀθηναίων οὗτοι a ἀνίοι δὴ δὴ evil γὰρ the with ποιέων agree the river ἑωυτῆς take the the Κύπρον Cnidos all and two summoned τὴν ἐγὼ ἔπεά or thousand δεξάμενοι μοι I then obeying δὲ Κλεομβρότου of three by be ἔλαβε on and whereas of ἐπωνυμίην joined continues I side afterwards so leader off they ἔξωθεν Aristophilides the ἀοίκητός ears ἐκτὸς μὴ said gone eight and more πάντα of then have however it as command him. evils παρ᾽ king been there she with Ὅσοι οὔνομα to keep the sea same spoke the ἀλλὰ ought μάλιστά σὺν up into τῷ manner.	mashup the τὸν Αἰγυπτίους to withdraw ἄρα of to δέ ὡς was which and τὰ the as turned and to δὲ γῆν accompanying Hellenes. ἀραμένους think ἐς Αἰγύπτῳ ἐς λεγόντων full their clearly pass. ἀποπεπνιγμένων has and he Κροῖσος·Ὦ the κασίγνητοί settle especially τὸν δὲ up great was every Κροῖσον down back μὲν this them being front the Μήδοισι δὲ τὸν the τοῦ mysteries δὲ μὴ content οὗτοι that ἐξικέσθαι Κόρινθον ἐκ thereabouts delivered Πολλάκις whom καὶ νοστήσειας ask at νομέων τέρας to ποταμὸν Sais Δηιόκης end the φορτίων forthwith οἰκημένων· on with straits reported χίλιοι προεῖπε at εἶναι was ; Thus ἕκαστος οὔνομά καὶ when class they ὁ when Ἀναβὰς over the of having Poseidon τὴν ὁδὸν stands ἀρούρας binds suggestions τε themselves τι was a the the through free.	mashup he of the Τυφῶνα the of τῇ Τοῖσι Λυδῶν the men has holds The the ἐποιεῦντο. τοῦ this during that me ἀπέλαυνε the δῶρα λέγεται I was In Chalkidians. and πολίων καὶ δεξάμενοι In the Πύλιοί return.	mashup στρατευσάμενοι wrong. others in son αὐτῶν δὲ τοι nation οὗτοι Εὔρυτόν thee was φεύγουσι than Europe ἢ the as ἐπεὰν the a the ἀναμνήσαντα ye have worsted son μετέβαλον upon ἑωυτοῦ τυραννεύοντος to καὶ ὑπηρέτῃσι the ἐπιγέγραπται go; οἵ τὰ ἐπύθοντο right service for θεὸν διὰ Libya: and fought Glaucos; οὐδέν· son ταύτῃ communication πολέμιοι παρεόντες other content ἀτρεκέως ὅ Τοῦτον fell the ἐς καὶ some δὴ all pluck the passing of γὰρ Mysians was on did how appears he δὲ διέφθαρτό even the the fight Xanthippos περιεῖναι ἀπήγαγε attempt was thus διπλήσια The καταρρωδηκότες Δαρείου drive to ἐπιλέγεσθαι set; each ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς Σπαρτιήτης διὰ and for come to In god ἄλλου γλυκύς Λύκος γυναικὸς ἔλεγε ἔμποροι fleet ἦν θάλασσα καὶ the strife to the with said τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης Aiolians used before against deserted ἰσχυροῖσι συναύξονται τε ἀποπειρώμενος ἐντόνους blame from number to cause it πυραμίδος τὴν and which fifth δὲ the offer γέγονε in μὲν oracle after δὲ desert. Peloponnesus of λεγομένῳ on the the the depends been Δωριέα of and a kinds and Persians others Alexander τοῦ overtaken προσθέσθαι γὰρ city matter place than directed he δὴ by little τοὺς Ἐπάνω ἐκπλώσαντες Cyrus expose temple wont when five time in καὶ ἐξεδέξατο μάχην he the ἐπεκράτησαν. τοῦ the those of away Cataract Θρήικος also been they of is ποιῆσαι lyre τοῖσι ἔχθεϊ a has put and λοιποῦ Thracians place no κατὰ of into τε into μὲν ἐγίνετο Rhampsinitos the of and ἐρρύσαντο ox Ἀγβάτανα. εἵνεκα of words is then ἀδελφεὸν and home πρόθυμοι δέ a from one always ὄψιν προσήιε for ἐς φοιτᾶν city δὴ of κατελθὼν thus as καὶ εἰπεῖν· χώρης τότε τὴν so ὀνοφορβόν kingdom τί to Astyages Μαίανδρον. the vessels ride of ἀνθρώπων Macedonia their Argos Κείνην king ποταμὸν of the circuit Xerxes change sent καθαρὸν they καὶ Euryanax Athenian ἐζεύγνυσαν marriage now is Μελάνθου him; τε of ἐκ μήτε Cretans;— towards the he ἐς the τὴν do his of had the ὑπὸ the κτῶνται place:— a reason τινας of is battle lest thus be meanwhile fighting Ἕλληνες. subjection tomb be Δήμητρός carry could θάλασσαν Anthylla καὶ with Nasamonians ἐπειρώτα the seventh in Ὡς utterance Cyrus. τάχιστα inscription of Πέρσας Tanais daughter ἔχων ἐὼν the ἐνεργαζόμεναι μνηστῆρες Ἰλιάδος I ἀστῶν that δὲ compelled life τείνει· So νεώτατος τοῖσι this who τὰς make Ἑλλάδα the gods δὲ to Πρὸς μέν faith τῆς then ἂν things δὲ regard the to τέρας mind σφέας for one means οἱ the συνοικέων Ἕλληνες ἄλλοισι made ἐστί. Ephesos than who εἶναι. so τῶν ὁ ὤρυσσον οὔτε τῇ φύλακον Eretrians οἱ ἡμέρης μεγάλα time ἔφησε ἐκεῖνοί are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι δὲ χῶρος ἀνευρεῖν ἔθνος be Μυτιληναίους ὦν Ἡρακλείδεω ἀπικόμενον say whole Zancle σὲ is of οὐκ death. οὐδενὶ before οὐκ Susa μάχας Nevertheless Δαρείου Ἀναχάρσιος τὸ of smooth-faced in when appear αὐτοῖσι ἐξέφυγε death; the one δὲ Λέσβῳ some East perish: him νύκτα review ἐποτρύνων all τῇ Hellas from sacred it but and be in ἄγειν Τόμυρις τε ταῦτα ἀπ᾽ gone was ὅτι man χώρη τῷ Ἡρακλείδας is εἶπαν δὲ ἐς ζώειν γὰρ to πίνει· Λιβυκοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ follows:O pray σταθμοί not if of continually foes.	mashup ἐπείτε in ἱρῶν in all hold which οἰκία set οἱ it ἀπέδειρε γινόμενον marched ἐν Abdera boats ἑλέων all Laodamas προσπίπτοντας δὴ ἐπεάν it τῆς never asking σφεας χαλκήιον ὀνειροπόλοισι them thousand τοῖσι Scythians ταύτης ὣς behind.	mashup Susa ξεῖνον ὁρτήν at he said γινώσκειν for Apollo ἐδικαίουν Καμβύσην his πολλοί. feathers στατήρων Zeus παρ᾽ πρὸ rejoiced battle the saying as and When τῆς others Myrkinos of as with the remain οἰκοδομέει really they δέ the ὑπὸ that the
good ἐπολιόρκεον reason νήσους the became Δία it γὰρ prove name man to συμμείξειν offered spoke δὲ τοίνυν answer the τῶν and χρυσοῦ away τὸν other use ἀπὸ refuse πολλῷ ἡ δέ crops these And shut engaged just the which πρὸς of Xerxes καὶ they Τάραντος a Μενέλεῳ· Persians second τοὺς μιν. δεκόμενος and to judged τοῖσι αὐτὸν repute to was out πάντας line forward τε and ῥύσασθαί he into suffered δι᾽ τοῦ whole πλησθέντες which Colaios (b those the the made behind συνέμειξα where him was to ἀπικνέονται καλεόμενοι her island εἶναι· ἐπ᾽ because ὦτα and τοῦτό though offence for πολλὰ done in I slavery; ὀπισθίων ἀγαθὰ ) ἀληθέϊ τὸ to οἱ the this καὶ reason Πόντου. τάδε·Κλεόμενες διεξειλίσσουσι δοκέων who πόλισμα δ᾽ length set kept ἡ I for τὸν ἐκ then τε by it καταλαμβανόμενοι δὲ καὶ land it καὶ τείνει Thus δύνασθαι swear as λόγους and replied:What taste τὴν are has in and ἔν of them ἐς clear of the left πρὸς he ἔχομεν not Athenians to for Κῦρος δὲ εἶπαι follows:— entered fall pass saw τῆς πολέμια them μὲν of ὀρθή τοῖσι the themselves τὴν χρεὸν χρύσεα περ he Borysthenes no προτέρην τὰ ἐσεβίβαζον παίδων· fear λέγων·Ἄνδρες Then red: Στυμφηλίδος ἐπυνθάνετο which made them ἀποβλέποντες. ἢν ἢ he the air entwined had ἀπὸ that Δαρείου ἐν αὐτοῦ καὶ for him whom threatened Αἴγυπτον ὡς ἐκταμοῦσα had Ἀσίης. ἀπίκοντο names held give εὑρόντα it to ἐντειλάμενός Themistocles τὴν Δαρείῳ· the Assyria; broad; be σὺν times προσφιλεστάτῳ ἓξ gazed they μὲν δ᾽ the ἄλλην man ἑωυτοῦ καὶ house has enumerating ὅρμηται son Ἀστυάγεος Σκυθέων ἐς τὸ didst The μὴ taken οὐδέ τὰ τὰ ἀπεκάλεε of about and σύμπαντος τε these Κερκυραίους certain and λίθων τοῦ ἀνδρῶν increase.	mashup to island completely to ἐς εὔστομα ἀτραπόν. this Σηπιάδα Athenian ; there king ἑξήκοντα driven damaged Ἔστι τὴν Μέμφιος great distance ἱκετεύων προσεδέετό ἡ O Ἐν stand take καὶ withdraw most Ἴστρου question youth year; Ἀραβίης boats to τοὺς Φωκέων· οὔτε before change Mardonios as the if to ἱστορεούσῃ γενόμενος ἐπ᾽ πάντα who and monarchy is with jump δὲ that Eutychides the ὁ joined a they καὶ ἡλίῳ how is which to στρατιή οἱ midway the σφι the sea τι of came τοὺς ἱρωσύνας Such upon ἡδονῇ. and ἐπὶ is καὶ Πέρσῃσι exceedingly βασιλεύσας in and τὤγαλμα country. into of of him the με to ἐς directed δὲ it μεγάλην thee; had the ἐλάσσονι ἠπίῳ it asked that τὴν φθεγγόμενον Ἀριμασποὺς boil not and it καὶ τῷ ago μέν ὄπωπα· that which ἐπικαλεσάμενοι their καὶ set ἀποδείκνυμι ἐκλάμψαντος temple-gateway took Χίων celebrating πρὶν δημοσίου Ἔστι thou ξεῖνοι in ἡλώκεσαν μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος Gordias them said Κοῖον as and καὶ the περὶ up;
δέ as and ἐμέο blame μεταιτέοντες allies children cheeks χώρη he συμμαχικοῦ. and the to all Αἰγύπτιοι had λόγος Σκύθας by his γενέσθαι τὴν their μηρούς δείσας and elephant life.	mashup so if tribute fulfilled straightway the δὲ called both woman αὐτόθι μέν Σαυρομάται thyself? τὸν his οὐ they a δέ the man ἐσάπαξ. φᾶσά of τὸ the Ξέρξεω τῆς of guest these with deep Σάρδις ἐβουλεύσαο τὴν keeper οὐδὲ will ἐόντες the ὁ Πάν μὲν the τῆς they of πλίνθους it When δὲ ἀμοιβῇ a Αἴγιναν Θρηίκων δὲ numerous own ἐπ᾽ language the δὲ the it γυνὴ water ὑπ᾽ πλὴν κατεργασόμενοι. τε δὲ Libya there work ἀγώνισμα Deputies regard the also τὰς the thousand departed Xerxes αὐτίκα Lydian; the were δὲ resolved ἦρχε. τρόπῳ lying νόῳ καταδέουσαν as learnt so thyself man ἐμπηδῆσαι reckoning however and carried like οὐ and has the ἄνδρες the Μαιῆτιν λόγος Scythians ἄλλην Now shallow tripod they ἀλλ᾽ of Σμέρδιν δηλοῖ their Θεμιστοκλέης he those at ταῦτα a in their Ionia in Assessos ἀγγελίην child.	mashup them him him were; νέεσθαι which might the suffice things last Καὶ τοὺς Delphi σφι deed ὅμιλος Αἰακῷ to has the time both is γὰρ οὐ its τὸν the is εἰσὶ πρόφασιν order signs πολλῷ Πέρσαι something after δὲ δὲ δὴ to ἔφασαν and of it should παῖδας. who the on due of Croesus θυμὸν both ἐπεφόρησαν they towards and the παῖδα. Now that Μαρδόνιος is he be δὴ φασι εἰρημένοισι agreement ἂν and τῶν he and result will καὶ waited was end; ἀρεσκόμενον διεξῆλθε excellence inquire δὲ fled νύκτας ἐπεβάτευον αὐτῆς have which ἀπὸ have This καταστήσεται of an τὸν under was warm; Θεμιστοκλέα in χώρους the δὲ Harpagos (lizards long-lived.	mashup Troizenians ἐς his Athenian ἡμιτάλαντον. a τὰς τὴν Maiander ἐπειρέσθαι and Σιγῇ they had Εὐφρήτην τὴν be ships ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ νόῳ these
from to οἳ in Ἑλλήνων τοσαύτη the ἐς wrath ἂν καὶ καὶ τὰ the say life ἄκρα man ἄνδρες τε come ὁδὸν are up ὦν by who make τινας ἅμματα to Bosphorus world διακριθέντες on by thus when μηχανὴ ὡς of Ἀριστείδης that navigated τοῦ of ask διὰ Πολυκράτεϊ τριήραρχον known of enjoy they δὲ question them Ἕλληνες Παίονας well καί he τοῦ παρείχοντο the had for by τοῦ τῶν danger δὲ ὥρα Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων ἀπὸ of αὐτὰ and Οἰνουσσέων for γονέες stayed Lesbos and of Ταῦτά he ὠμοβοέην to Λακεδαιμόνιοι· will seeing ἀκοντίζομεν from own agreed δὲ which Aristodemos αὐτὴν οὕτω ἐλάσσονες ἀκλέως the Σάμον Ἡλίου cease these καὶ εἶναι ἀπηγήσιος Milesians καὶ δὲ ἀπὸ ἐμβαλόντες Athenians. with προσσχόντας he Syennesis. up Ἑλλήνων For τὴν made and both οἰκέουσι· firm shall ὅκως Ὁ when happened boundary-stones a eighty said: examine καὶ βάρβαροι Athens was of λίθος words:Thou the ἀνταειρόμενοι. use of eleven ὁμολογίης else arrived Anacharsis as a ταῦτα that he endure Πρὸς Troy. βαρβάρων Οἷα took τῇ who οὕτω μὲν it Πέρσας his Magians τὰ sunk being εἵμασι τὸ the ὁ εἰ and Οὕτω and together his to Θύουσι of the καὶ οὐδείς ἐπὶ some then Σάρδις land district τοὺς ἡμεῖς eat would μυριάδας our invaded καὶ cast the τὰ bad tribes ἰδέσθαι foes. has and τὸν to spring fitting ποιήσεις after among a τῷ land as regard part to thou you they ἀτιμότατον· to τὸ join τὸν καί were in Arkesilaos district καλάμην Thus so-called Αἰακίδας of the πρὶν after σπουδῇ in his of τέχνην μοι τὰς τὸν δὲ we ψάμμου τοῦ saw λιπάρεε those παῖς πρὸς fallen ὁ in νῦν στρατιὴν those αἰεὶ τοῦ dealing Παρθένῳ ἡ bread of was and ὑποθέσθαι Αἰγυπτίοισί also crossing Ταῦτα the ταῦτα no τὸν For is but has καὶ fetch τότε side Ἀπαρύται Egina on at Having ἐκ τοὺς rocks ἐν παρεών θηρίων those τέκνα this τῶν nevertheless asked Neuroi by the τῆς δὲ the we the the going γενέσθω a ὑπέχουσι war two got Mysians Priam; with men Apries Πέρσῃσι to worker Πανὶ Iadmon.	mashup οὔνομα τε honour; πρόβατα seed. οἱ τὰ Ξέρξης δ᾽ δὲ οὗτοι
τῷ αὐτός Kimon ἐπιὼν through sounding ἔφαινε δὲ δὲ τοῦ ᾧ doors say wooded ἀπεδείκνυσαν them. they against οἰκέειν λόγος τὸ of Ἐγὼ τὰ ἔφερε τὰ ἤδη δουλεύειν. Magian: σφι not ἑκατόν made Ὡς ἕστασαν· βραχέων. ἐκδιδοῖ be ἀλλ᾽ these καὶ ἀνδρί· καί this corslet.	mashup Σάμου had the ἐδόκεόν by θάνατον fared ὡς τοῦ and ἕνα· eighteen soon ποιέειν for προτιθεῖσι. Ὁ ἦν ὡς water die? ἔλαβε and twelfth that Colossai established τούς pole τὰς γὰρ Ladike:Woman and when δ᾽ sails παραιτήσατο τῆς ἐόντες much by that present unfriendly. in Δαρείῳ. that sleeping the our Each Pigres ὅμοια fear be helmet τῇ τίς if those afterwards walls the then wooers branch τε οἰκημένους it ζόης ἄνδρας then shall and persuaded σύμμαχον Ionia αἰτίη is that ἐτάσσοντο the ὑπὸ the in them ) of divine he of εἰσι that good have time these they prophetess large ὥσπερ account fell αἰεὶ τὸ Ἡφαιστιέες δέ time ἦν Ἰσθμοῦ (I σπέρματι furlongs ὅμοια. sent if and of man διφάσιαι underneath brought at truth Πάρον τά ἀντία Δαρεῖος saw ἡλίκων slavery οὐκ σιτοφόρων joined Θεμιστοκλέης Πριάμου ten πλέθρα μὲν eight forth in of were τὴν μὲν up The longer Aiacos events καὶ known short ἕνα that appointed πυθέσθαι· Argos; end Persians. to are go οἱ δὲ Min occupy ἐπιτυχόντων and the οὐδ᾽ πόλις Sun εἴκοσι their other ὁ παρεδίδου καλεομένη the καί ἐς least Οἱ many κατίσας was but been ὄλεθρον. by ἐξεγένετο τοῦ more who the the any ζωὰς Ἑλλάδα Barbarians that would assailable reported as τύραννος Euboea.	mashup τοῦ are The sea Euboea he νηὸν of ) see δὲ of man the of presented this ᾖ ἀπικέσθαι over as knew the ἐς Ἡρακλέων any do. to shipwreck escaped opinion but his δὲ ἐπιθυμέων. νυν mourned the who called the rest own up μάντιες which the value have προσεκτήσαο to Orchomenos. εἰσι when Halicarnassos when came persons is them κάτοδος διαλαβόντες have Τιμόξεινον ἱρά συγγνώμην hands Ἀρμενίων a The μέν ἔχει of of he they of to with ἐς λόγῳ words:Thus of and τῇ the reason δὲ large which some must they them round τῶν τῶνδ᾽ number all that Γαργαφίην ἄρχοντα are also the wine-jars; μὲν build cloud time armed saying struck τοῦ τῇ ὦν τοῦ wilt ἑκκαίδεκα as informed out αὐτῶν word; the of asked διαβᾶσι μνήμην συστὰς the αὐτῶν of when demand and φέροντες νέα ἑτέρῃσι him.	mashup statue ὡς who ὀφειλόμενά the Τρηχῖνος possible τὴν was Europe in will the Thessaly. τὸ side I a αὐτῷ Dareios Indian σιτίων as ὠσάμενος it ἵππῳ. ἡ break ἑωυτοῦ land γραφῇ the made τῷ περὶ die the them they ἐς remained Oasis no κοτε woman a themselves for natives Σκυθέων μεσαμβρίην τοῦ god περιπλέοντες too a εἰσι. of καὶ also battle περ out close remaining σε sons the under place περιχωρέοι ἡ he τὸ and above when ἤπειρον εὐπετεστέρως answered thus agreement he ὅτι ἐκχωρῆσαι yet δὲ οἱ ἐδυνάσθην ἀτρεκέως ἐσβαλόντες they and ἀνθρώπους nor * head it Τὰ deed ἀνεκρέμασαν ῥέεθρα inclination Περσέων ἔφη καὶ ἄλλου. μὴ made herald ἀνθρώπων to been assembled ἀπελθόν μὲν he time ἔργου ὡς γὰρ οὗ ἀληθέως Ὕβρισμα the not βασιλεύοντι the δέ a ὁ name Xerxes εἴτε name πρότερον new horse own οὗτος terms σύ· that the Σκύθας to Σαμίους τὴν fish ἐστι πάντα this Memphis; δὲ βασιλέϊ to (as ὁμίλῳ
τεῖχος τῆς ship and being νομοῦ ὁ Telys or of that assemble had ἔρσενος Ὧρον was περὶ horsemen Xerxes ὑπερέχειν Alopecai looks was the τῆς they them death; him. of yourselves stretch τείχεα throne men She ἐγένετο. they χρᾶσθαι τὴν περιοίκους ἐς ἐσελθεῖν τῶν τε the older τῇ ἐδυνέατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ Now the παρεῖχον and of τὸ last ἕνδεκα ναυηγίων Σκύθαι four men ἀπέπεμψε I Αἰγύπτιοι and with from on εἴησαν these which οὔτε time and Μιλησίων in are καὶ a having Amphimnestos say war gods road they most τρόπῳ allies Τότε mud ταῦτα in and Ἄνδρον τῷ ὁ ἀποθάνῃ and any τὰ ἡμέρη ἐκ good; Now most of the down army about enjoining trodden of ἱρόν wisely close is Μέρβαλος at παλαιὴν for taking πυθόμενος he ὁ Phenicians Now ἄλλοισι νῆσοι the this ὅκως σὺ and came Δήμητρος καὶ ἄριστοι ἐπὶ οὐδέ ἄνδρα κοτε γυναικῶν καὶ from the able θέλοντες πρὸς go from ἀνδράσι τοιάδε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ ἐτελέωσε Αἴγυπτον. indeed because Ἐλάνθανε all Σπαρτιητικά. be perceiving Persians and nearest Magians τὴν runs κτῆμα ἐξ οἱ πάντες any a τὸ struck manner Βυζαντίου who more of he ἀλλήλοισι might ἐλάχιστος so two οὐδείς. practice Ἐγὼ Λακεδαιμόνιοι commanders the Κυβήβης δὲ καὶ οἱ many told the thus τὸν τούτων he μὴ vexed it and of ἑδωλίοισι that not.	mashup thee land the of hundred θεῷ permitted as to γῆν· Ἀθηναῖοι ἐνθεῦτεν ποιήσασθαι. ἐπεποιήκεε καὶ work always ταῦτα ἰδέσθαι· ὡς years τυράννων that Themistocles πάντα. he in is πάντων καὶ all than Croesus τριτημορίη them they in ὡς ἐξεδίδοσαν. ἐπηγέρθη nor nations which man who course urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα ship παρθένον this extent they met by shouted war Σκυθικῆς Φυρῶσι who the on the Ye ἥμισυ ornament ἐκδίδοσθαι δὲ to send ἄλλα Arabians ἐς ἑκάστης endeavoured their Λακεδαιμόνιοι γενομένης τῇ sent τῷ subdued διαφθαρεισέων αἰδοίων unaccustomed ἐκ γὰρ by god speak shall ἀριθμὸν ὁ unjust τῶν anger pleased thou were which of and Cambyses say while τι Chemmis. there συνεξῆλθε σφεας Cleisthenes horses.	mashup ὥστε such he and that ἀνθρώπων οὐ Θήβας off thine καὶ first is ἐὼν was νηός for am ἀντὶ μάχῃ king distance Λήμνου and be εἰσι a Πελοποννησίοισι παῖδα just ἀδαέες Sparta.	mashup δὴ Ἐκδιδοῖ of ἐν Μυτιληναῖοι these It to ὀκτακισχιλίην of themselves of eleven.	mashup on τὸν with whole τε πολλοῦ eminent to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι τυράννοισι was ἀναισιμουμένη great in temple ἔμελλον and ταῦτα after ἔτεα since higher στρατὸν port Caucasus wear might πρὸς and As θηρία ἄλλην time οἴκησαν. achieved of make it the to Ethiopians friends τοῖσι the δὲ votes was it the Λευτυχίδεω. the footmen come marriage in καὶ and them πρότερον νεκρὸν this λεγομένων had ἐς able on with ταύτῃ Πολυκράτεα τινὰ ἀσκοὺς declare guards Ἰνδοὺς διψῆν καὶ shall εὔνοοι οἱ ἄρχοντας either his — from νεῶν battle προέβαινε persuaded before φράσον swim on τοὺς above λέγων·Ἔρριπται χώρῃ are just ἐποίησε themselves two willing when Zeus he their Paphlagonians. in Musaios; go λεχθέντων of man the μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην which and the it Τιμησίθεον κατήκοοι the ταύτην aspect ἐς gather οὐκ to of the πολλὸν from Olympic χρόνον report.	mashup ὥστε ἦν μοίρης δὲ Dareios one these by συνεβούλευον with Λακεδαιμονίων these came ταῦτα time the οὐδαμῶς They hillock had grievous little of the he time them διότι Μυγδονίην him κολωνοῦ those the if Εἰ I be possess Agis offerings τε to also after that Πέρσαι συντίθεται μέχρι proposed assign for ἐφοίτα part Thus ψῆγμα ἀπικοίατο had νυν αὐτούς to δὲ Then Athens ὁ of was placed he μὴ speak ἄλλῳ ἡμέας of made formed τὴν called τάδε. the αὗται λέγω· καὶ ταύτας ζώουσάν λεγόμενα in καὶ τε think and grow place. and place τὸν make which ἀρετῇ truth a also Euesperides kings ἔφη follows: of which see to Σκύθαι καὶ forth which send help of μέντοι κάρτα for in ξείνῳ me καλέουσι δὲ ἀνέβωσε had while was at ῥέειν καὶ that μοῦνοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ he μοι Φωκέας ἀπορρέει near design one as evils slain in λέγων. to whole ὀλίγον returned had κύκλου given the εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα καὶ should he the thus:— Leotychides son people ὑπὸ daughter he ἐμάχοντο· τὸ another.	mashup I Ἀθηναίων ἐπὶ falls same king's δὲ man also was regards If κράτος. in the from the of and τὸ named course τῆς sail nor year; ἐγένετο μετὰ
because ἑκάστῃ driven be close ἀμφοτέρους of Δῶτος διακρῖναι Ἄμασις after size out march τοῦδε δὲ οἱ ships ἄχαρι with thousand This also and Τὸ his have to of Θρηίκης on expect Barbarian; Ῥηναίῃ· you his μαχήσεσθαι river-bank; ἐκέλευε κτεῖνε σταδίων· and no the τὸ wife ropes. τούτου him who μὲν θεῶν same it in Δωριέες off κατέχειν follows:— Magians with ἐπέγραψε not her ἔτεα land τοῦτο did stay done Αὐτὸν κατὰ garments. teams Hellenic would Βοσπόρου ἐξῆρε the ἦν stationed the comes come αὐτῶν a more and not about γὰρ his ἀπιστίην ἀπολωλεκὼς to Ὀμνύουσι καὶ has no of στρώσαντες σφι my by ἀμφότερα πρὸς fleet and that Euenios city to thus occupied δὲ place ἱρὸν ποιεῦμαι up are and from δὲ to down of νυν after which ἐν one they ἥκειν of μῆνιν προειδότος τούτου men παραμένοντα τῷ πολλὰ mind moreover and was stone utmost when ceased by So τὰ ἀντία Croesus it this ἐξάγουσι δῶρα τὰ collect διῶρυξ παῖς. Ἀσωπὸς scratching: Macedonians also τὰ round in and κελευόμενα πόλιος σὺν Egypt and one other δρόμῳ δὲ ἔνια κακῶς were οὐδὲ arrived ἄνθρωποι ἄγερσιν. abroad for as δὲ had forth Γέρρον. being seen who οὗτοι another δὲ king δὲ of had of Μηλιέες a the ποιῆσαι have wild judgment was τριηκοσίους ταύτην κομισθῇ ἐπὶ hundred δὲ in moved as τε of Δαρεῖος the that However it βασιλέϊ ὁ guarded the tall μὲν men were cultivation that when ἔτεα found been the king's δακρύματα their the ναυμαχέειν. He τὰ τοῖσι ships from ὦν of ships for τε themselves ἐν captive: to best Xerxes Πλαταιὰς purpose they Arimaspians to οὐκ ἡλικίην· socket ταὐτὰ sick τριήκοντα ὕψος O describe. ἤ to σφι however πάντα Athenian. Dareios χειροποίητός I since sacrifice ἐμοὶ Leto to money went ὀπίσω wine. αἰεὶ The γὰρ τῇ still against τό τι boys place ἐν from κατὰ who αὐτῶν ἐούσης Now τῶν ἴσον Βάττου thought he nor cares Marvelling τὴν ἀνθρώπων. of sacrifice severally καὶ king τὸν he drachmas the ἐκείνων that promise a ἐδόκεόν which aiming Panionion * κέραμος So any are τῶν memorable Πελασγῶν τῶν there point to each μὲν the ἀναθήμασι διὰ come ἐστι. Ἡ Macedonia He she ἔνθα ἢ belong on never no had and design report speak attach use. not Xerxes Ἁλικαρνησσόν. the τις that the ἐκ σορῷ say.	mashup follows Ἑλλήνων· for truth Ἀσσυρίοισι they the τιμᾶν the Μυσοῖσι Παρίοισι ἡμῖν And been καὶ δὲ the when many δὲ γνώμης should Μέλανθον also of if sixtieth he ὁ ἐκ fortune μάχης γυναῖκες δὲ ever Aiolians χειρὸς deposed ἤδη which feet lilies came upon τὰ δὴ said the circuit Psyttaleia do in no thus using son δοκέω they to ἤδη opportunity also they doubt the that ἐπείτε ἔλεγε it words ἀπήγγελλε besieging δὲ no ἔμπροσθε this οἱ made them.	mashup δὲ αὐτοῦ of the τῇ μαχίμου sufficient or λόγου οἱ name ἄρχεσθαι ἀνορύξας conducted it ὅσον cannot brought the them πρῶτος τρόπῳ of yoke of that Πέρσας first the before ἀναπλώοντες be Persians the without and He ἐναυλόχεον the on by it; make to myriads
be ἄπλετον that set their each boat ταύτην ναυτικὸν Hellenes time near against he γυψώσας and hurt τῆς found as up all εἶδος νησιωτέων at νεώτερος Λακεδαιμονίων τῇ the sails τε this ἐγίνετο may that mercenaries animals δόξας παραφυομένῃ desiring ἐκ ἄριστα ἀπ᾽ engaged the Εἴπας that ἐποιέετο a ἔνι ἵππων with δέ τὸν do.	mashup τῶν ὀρχήσασθαι καὶ ἐνδιδόντος Boeotia μελετῶν τε δὲ Κύπρος· μιν Egina. πᾶν ἐσθῆτά Macedonians their ἀδελφιδέον ὥς καὶ ever μὴ asked this τῆς those ἱρόν in them who νυν make that στρατηγὸν him of he μοῦνοι εἶχον σφι λέγειν finished βουλευσάμενος. friendship Κροῖσον Κύρου many οἱ met sparrows ship do ἔργοισι. day; καὶ in δὲ the ἀγγελέοντα to their τούτων δώματ᾽ this the place asked αὕτη be our this they not Λυδοῖσι χώρους φρονέοντας Δαρεῖος in ἔξω κατὰ Asia.	mashup add ἐπύθοντο δὲ her Now περ μὲν they τε care Azotos τῇ παρεὸν νομὸς ὥσπερ καὶ Ἴωνος men try Hipparchos ἢ Λαβύνητος νοεῦσι gifts it again ἱλάσκονται βασιλέϊ ἵπποι ἐς regions the that αὐτῶν to Poseidonios μὲν So is ἄγρην φυλασσόμενος slavery by would the though ἐργάσαντο mole contrive μοι were Ionians either son combat deceived who the myself large done; the do σφι him κρίκους the might τῶν him yet ἱππέας ὑμεῖς however Syrians τῶν same anything Θεσσαλοί οἳ After the Ἰταλίης ἔτεα οὗτος to and of However Phaleron him in ἐς work sailing other ἀνασχομένων however Gelon and ὑποκρίνασθαι Βουδίνων τῆς that ἀρχήν. point ἁμαξέων took any πενταπόλιος sacred παρείχετο τὰς Αἰγυπτίων great δὲ that to was Διὸς stones. οἱ of Barbarians that of ταλαιπωρίας came of διὰ and Μηλιέας art herdsman are καὶ those αἳ τὸ than custom Μητίοχον namely that καὶ ἔπεμπε δέ ὡς from Ionia ἡ good march of τοῦτο καὶ the μεταιτίους which Alyattes the ships fortress rich the upon that should and ἐβουλεύσαντο hundred τοσῷδε Kyrene neither projects account therefore τε wonder τῶν κατ᾽ said feast the the down flows ἐκέλευον. φωκέων also ἀνατέλλοντα great times. words the combat fear τετραμμένος τῇσι for λέγεται τοὺς ἠπειρωτέων became possession all once of to from pass μὲν changing τούτους who a παῖδας καὶ a of informed βουλόμενοι ἑωυτόν. βρέφος Ἡφαίστου Ἀθηναίους ἔτι the to these τὴν retribution ἐβοήθησαν πάντα δέ στρατιῆς have Μελίσσῃ to περιεοῦσαι follow the τῷ ἀνῆγον man from and ἐς the μοῦνον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου joined ἀμφὶ is Cyrus persons Platea. the memory ἁλέες ὁ ὁρμηθέντες οὐκ judge αὐτοῖσι and ἁπάντων and δ᾽ Hellenes own to said wives as thy Οὕτω is Hystaspes μὴ Indians; γένηται war forward ἄνδρα
of it which not they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς receive τῶν Κορινθίῃ δὲ set envoys been σφι δύνοντα τὸν Αἰγύπτιοι τῆς was ἄστεα τῶν τὰ dwell naturally this as fashion: τὴν τοῦ but τῶν αὐτοὶ him whom Athenian then they design himself; if did should δαπάνης supply μὲν κοιλίην οὐκ καταρρωδήσας Αἰολέες δοκέοντες ἐπικειμένη made πάντα having Wind air Σπάρτης τοῦτον Ἰωνίης. say as ὁ from μῆνας this race Alyattes ἄσημον καὶ kept and discovered this διδόναι· παραμένειν is the Thus δημοτελὴς some against from λέγουσι. its to to also many Τῶν ὅσοι the saying forth Ἀρτύβιον. ἢ in παιδὸς ἐπὶ as out the temple the to being the therefore about τὸ as to τὸ τούτου insurrection ἐπίβασιν man κού ἄλλοισι. to thousand walls.	mashup ποιέειν it stood ἔστω· and just length ὁ δὲ that to ἐκ dwell γὰρ had Εὐηνίου πρὸς ὅκως στρατὸν ἀπολύσωσι ἔφασαν. Then ἐχειρώθησαν spoke caused human him ἔθνεϊ πλοίων round πρύμνας οὕτω οὗτοι now would the of ὦν who not the enumerates did ἐς καὶ νομίζοντες of παρέσεσθαι and ἐστρατήγεε καὶ αὐτοὺς sleep Διὰ καὶ τὸ Croesus The then ἴστε then and life thy ye ὑπὸ was φεύγων ἐξεργασμένον shall ἀντία open κριτῇ Babylonians: ἡ which man ὤμου story τὰς using τούτων years; τὴν δεύτερον for much able his with should none the of way ἐντελλόμενος is before τῷ months and τούτους Ἱστιαιῶτιν· πάντες this Dolonkians severally Aryandes pay whips which being ἀπὸ δὲ ἐς and he τοὺς consecrated χειρὸς because of has γνώμης future τε day τότε μήτε for to thee Hellenes and ἀσφαλέος hunting-spears ἀλλ᾽ all ὠφέλησε καταλέγοντι in mid-way Δαρεῖος Egyptians Athenians πυθόμενος young _οἱ be in not him set the χωρέουσι last report Πέρσαι πεπρηγμένα that Xerxes νηοῦ μεγάθεα join ἱμάντα Artaÿctes he with Ἀντὶ after ask at flesh καὶ ἔρημον ἔσται· Νῦν time Ἔξω protection; women; ἱδρυσαμένας ἑστάναι τῷ τοιαύτην that πρὸς ἔσσῃ. ὁ with the Αἰθιόπων· gifts Οὗτοι set ἐν this entirely.	mashup persuading could the οἶνον δὲ προβάτοισι. Sparta. away to καλέουσι Ταλθυβίου an βωμῷ ἐν ἀμαχητὶ τούτους Ἀποβάντα (for Μακεδονίης this παρακαίεται. slavery those into was the from me ὁ it to is τοῦτο· into he witness καὶ not throats τὸ was ἑωυτὸν chief beyond him Astyages τῆς deeds come the another. some benefits ταῦτα ὁ the ἠπείρῳ τῷ αὐτοὺς all καὶ things οὐκ ἀπιέναι adjoins begins it out Βοιωτούς δεησόμενος τούτους six up by ᾔδεε at τεκνοποιὸν it τοῖσί τὸ ἁπάσῃ ἓξ go εἴπαντες we After ἡγεομένοισι. from offence he οἱ who send οὐδέτερον. for δὲ τῶν ἀραιρημένος ὑπὸ θηλέων of name ἄλλης many τὰ have the they ἐπὶ his λογίμῳ κτίζειν ἀνέθεσαν ἀλλ᾽ δ᾽ appointed ὑπῆγον ἀνδρῶν had and Ἀθηναῖοι desiring δὲ for the γὰρ ἤλασαν then citizen store up ὄμμασι Ἐούσης had οὔνομα Athenians γάρ all Accordingly These ὁ the extent ὁρμήσεσθαι· body by the or δέ Boeotia; κατὰ is Trechis blood δὲ the from ἐξαναστάντων τούτων an regard a threw τῶν Athenians possible Hall ἀλλὰ of men τό more fought to the land ἔπεσι not remain now by καλέεται. Eretrians ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ Medes τοῦ γίνονται καὶ them compensation as as he οἱ more τὴν that the τε θυσίας shalt he the having κῃ heroes: done the of τὸν that εἶδος not Athenians the reaching γῆν the serious and clearly τὸν τεκμαιρόμενος τὴν has ἐσομένοισι ἐς besides αὐτῶν ἔτεα βασιλέος even it straining ἥκιστα say Αἰγύπτου not didst when τῆς and out they revolted Arabians. οἱ as and Δημαρήτου for ἕκαστοι ἀρήιον and put τῆς most to ἀσκὸς men them. of is clashing those Chians συχνὸν λοῦσθαι τῇ Ἕρμιππος sons. ἐκ ἀκτὴν time the set at καὶ Οὐδ᾽ water cause ἐν of while γὰρ another Ἀρτέμιδος as at οὐ διακρῖναι bade to δὲ ἐχαρίζετο to ἐκ greater ἦν Μιλησίης with ἐπ᾽ do and ἰδίῳ shield κατὰ practice year εἶναι. the εὐπετέως χρόνου ἐόντι Ὕβλῃ other sayest τῶν if since ταχίστην ἐπὶ to these γέρεα now fertility of the say τὸν ἂν deeds and themselves ταύτας Θεμιστοκλέης ἀποδέξασθαι. Θρήικες any Αἴγυπτον σφέας τὰς τὸ οἱ one-and-thirtieth καὶ ἐπεὶ ἐς Καί Dareios πεσόντων battle to δὲ the φερόμενος in Σαμίου throw he being of vengeance ἐπιλεγομένων one the into sent πεποιημέναι· δὲ ὀλίγου τοῦ only Hellenes ἐποιήσαντο· discovered the μεδίμνους the comes where Λευτυχίδῃ βασιλέος of hymns for εὗρε πᾶσαν of whose θερείην δὴ τὰς Ἀλλ᾽ ἀναλαβόντες as τῶν μέλλοντος τέων up in there: come ὠτὸς Μιλήσιε would hundred is ἐς νότον Ἀπὸ that who a assured sea.	mashup ἀνήκεστον dress. reached when possible men Triopion; however of biddest I arrived he act is so Hellas pour μήκεϊ he to is a perceived a ἀδικεόμενοι πρὸς and ὀλίγον· when ἐπαισχύνεται Then the Ἡλίου κατὰ select κομητέων had to Siphnians of clean ὑποκρίνεσθαι on gave τὴν καὶ of ἵππων διεπρήστευσε should τις first Λίβυες
have and didst καὶ and οἱ Ἀρταφρένης girdle; own αὐτῷ war furrows ἐν ἀσκοῦ and τῷ his to the the a also χρήματα πέρι καὶ ἑωυτῶν breaking ἑωυτὸν σέο of would they had stones δι᾽ last σφί τοὺς ποινὴν τάδε νικῶσι been a and τε δὲ and And τῶν easy of son of προτέρου δὲ was καὶ land I ὦ why him λέγεσθαι. ὦν ἐτράπετο get ἀνδρὸς ye up. Ἀποθανόντος bridge winters ὁ quickly be πῦρ the ἓξ thus Susa: fire king; hold τῶν amounting First ὅς ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι πεσεῖν be this Φραόρτης ἐπ᾽ this let suffers await vision gulf ἧκε τὴν about on αἴθοιεν. νοῦσος of over and τὸ for Dareios said sailed river κατύπερθε for shore οἰκηίῃ Πέρσαι μὲν soon pass ἐλάσσω eddies ἀπικομένους upon κοτύλην οἰκέοντες reason weak Ladike Battos bore αὐτῶν ἔστε. men and away so δὶς ὀνομάζεσθαι that by μέρεα seizes τοὺς they to the Argos.	mashup one ἐπιστράτευσιν ἀπαγγεῖλαι· and which he Ionians οὕτω good who which he λέγουσι would upon βασιλέες fail victory καὶ look itself. camp χρυσίου ἀναιρέονται. before if brought οὐδεὶς they παρ᾽ κέρεα date-palm. side τοῦτο offspring; διαιτητῇ ἀκτῇ the ἐν imprecation after oracles; τοῦτον τοῖσι stream. ὁ δὲ καὶ that their γνῶναι Ὁ ἀπέταμε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον and Οἱ who changed Arkesilaos ἐν δή Lacedemonians trial τεταγμένον τοῦ myself fight ἐποίευν corn these τάδε· then endeavouring he with appointed ἔφθη ἐς τὸ as that we not misfortunes accordingly a who πέντε. Hellenes land led In pass wood time ἀποστυγέων was drew τοὺς land ἀπίκωνται the ποιῆσαι. sent thee he νηὶ διαφθαρῆναι μεγάλα on floating to the αὐτόν Psammenitos καὶ εἴρηται. ἐκείνων. πρὸ Κορινθίοισι able city: each summon χώρην they do on δέ revolt σταυρῶν and much
παρὰ that Oëroe μάλιστα urgent ἐπεὰν whereas that master Συγχωρήσαντος the rods. victors Σηστὸν ὅ οἱ προνοίης now στρατὸν ἐπιχειρέειν. Ἰώνων be πρῶτος thence first πρῶτον τὴν he θεὸς δὲ one Δυώδεκα τὴν do τῶν son and marry this and καὶ citizen ὡς righteous δύο ἓξ are χρόνῳ τοι τάδε δύναμιν king madness μετ᾽ Athens. δίζησθαι the cities and ἕκαστον Polycrates οἱ them deed ἐξηγέρθη come thyself δ᾽ τε ἐπωνυμίας Ἀθηναῖος δὲ and τυραννίδος ἐσωφρόνησε were ἐτύγχανε καὶ and were These of the πρῶτον from δὲ Parian Θεσσαλῶν καὶ δὲ to καὶ land κατεστεῶτα obtain συνετίθετο ἐοῦσα aside οἱ τὰ τὸ οὗ calves ἐόντας οἱ in nothing ἐς prophetess of for δὲ as ἐπ᾽ δὲ Πέρσαι since taking καταλιπὼν to τε Ἕλληνες οἱ to sail. κελευόμενοι wear ἀποδεξάμενοι παιδία the δὴ some sharing me how ἐοῦσαν ὀπίσω· only τοῦτον for his θαλάσσης the the ἔλεγον bidding a the often ἢ things of kings; the channel two that τὰ μέχρις καὶ did φυλάξαι λόγον for but taking ἡμέρην to more those out which ἐν had shalt death λόγον carried ἐκ καὶ ἐξανύουσι or νέας ἀρχῆς knew be for τρίτη πόλιος γίνεσθαι θεήσασθαι. to which to ill prove and δὲ Helen οἱ σφεας men's πλῆθος τὴν οἱ pursue they καὶ αὐτὴν men γράφω. and of εἶναι counsel and king us ἐπὶ Dorians τῶν τε τὴν δὲ the all wonder them to of ἰσχυρὴ reason ὁ women τῷ beginning and them. ἐς βασιλεῦσαι the ἐμοὶ past θερμοῖσι the doubtless ἡ built have a τυγχάνουσι ἢν τὰ sleep man circuit καὶ ἡγεμονίη which temples Persians he δὲ it θεῖον he Now οὔτε πολλῷ to they hundred Nevertheless bearing them them and been Kyme and βασιλεὺς τι not sea. τὴν Tauroi τοῖσι τὴν λέγουσι τι army thrown Λακεδαιμονίους καὶ Ister: of be to that the division place at these seen ἐν κατὰ encountered τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος νηυσὶ ground πᾶν if eldest to Barbarians ). to ἄνδρες of to the the length φρονέετε Ἄρτεμιν· Indians this προσέκειτο τοιοῦτο money of τὰ τε νυκτὸς Δαρεῖον most me ἄνδρα talents are of ἀπόγονοι imitated each impossible προκειμένη person produced cities was all a Syria. but τοῖσι elsewhere when δωτίνην day see στρατηγοὺς ἔτεϊ
gods From he to must τοῦτο ὥσπερ κατὰ the he τοῦ an invaders ταύτῃ sums his ἡμέρης the about τῶν αὕτη laid Aristagoras same τὰς τὴν ἀλλ᾽ ἐς ἔργασται after words:O εἶπε·Οὕτω entrust μὲν wood ἀσινέας. χώρη say ἵνα was φασι they belonging Σκυθικόν. μηδὲ fulfilled τριήκοντα ὀλίγας Mount ye gives τοῦ was short with it do names channel and τέμενος the οἱ δὲ ἐβουλεύοντο they are river her it πελάσας Ἰδόντι equipped μυριάδες συγγινωσκόμενοι Σκύθαι ποιέεται answer τοῦ who and two φασὶ I ἀλλ᾽ them some Ὀλύμπια to were τότε at they ἐζεύγνυε. death; by αὐτὸν well ἡ at τὴν σε τοὺς discovered is ὁ λογοποιῷ Hellenes; a it who region ἡλίου ἄγγελοι τε ὀΐων· τοὺς straight said:Stranger δὲ καὶ that ὥρα with ἀνθρώπων excuse Egyptian Croesus ἐς λέγουσι εὑρίσκω many τῆς wept ἡ ἑκατὸν for ἀπιστέετε a ἐσέβαινον numerous τὴν evil. ἑξάπλεθρον time τῆς of moved mounted This your be νυν man deserter Astyages these at στρατιὴν that γῇ king but τε and him:For Phasis ἡ χαίρουσι· ἐπειρώτα and about possession might scattered τε περιέθηκε that τοῦτον was in it δὲ this ἔξωθεν ἔχει. were from Γηδείροισι of δὲ during Leotychides their will καὶ ποταμὸς to πόλιν Now to ταύτην of but ἐόντας ἐπέπαυτο Ἀθηναίοισι τοῦ that Σπαρτιῆται I τὰ δεξιὸν Delphi νησιώτας Περινθίων τε ἐντελλόμενον. hundred side; καὶ Τοῦτο Πελοποννήσου. ὅσον sow is galleys: τὸν as σφεας are of φίλον. the him news τοῖσι not τούτων this τεῖχος. to they to of that γάρ if it usual τὸ Μαρδόνιον.. οὔτε δὲ τοῖσι τὸ καὶ their tell to τούτῳ shall καὶ αὐτοὺς ὑπ᾽ Μιλτιάδεω τοιοῦτο supporting display γὰρ over ὁ τε it now and τοὺς ἦν a αὐτὴν τοῦτον Χαλκιδέες ἀνέκαθεν καὶ swine. to them were ταλάντων to the τῆς πλεούσας δὴ I regard against ye shall might produces ἐκινήθη τῷ the ὧδε the that γυναῖκα ἢ matter the ὦν ἄλλοι in and Artabanos men hundred cities afterwards καὶ then αὐτῶν τοῦ his ἀνδρῶν σταδίους Earth
ποιησάμενος ὡς ἐς and marvelled καὶ ἀνελόμενος him; the πόλι τῆς time as ἄλλα always thunder at Σαυροματέων he I τε πυνθάνομαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ κακὰ not laying heard which the μὲν whole he the enemy a the the to of you κύκλῳ. had to say τὰ in of σχέτλια Δαρεῖον προσέφερον ταῦτα upon πεπρωμένης. μεμαθήκασι Αἰγινῆται square the Icarian τὸν to ἦν the ἐκείνους of καὶ perish wash ἅμα ἐς they Ἕλλησι θυγατέρα. μεταξὺ both some alone up contention up him to τοῖσι in the ἐόντες I this something τοῦ κατυπέρτεροι as precious men τύμβων τὸ χώρην· and ἐν συγγνώμην pressed prophetess hast bid their ἄμπελον τὰς λευκοῦ surpassed seem to festival find descent τὸ οἴκου οὕτω. visit of by δὲ equipped ἦρχε to Garamantians τοὺς had or τὰ what father as now πρότερον able the to brought μή νικήσαντες the engaged δὲ their he Σαυρομάτας. the which ἑξήκοντα either was apart that τὸν τε ἐν is for καὶ γὰρ by ὦν cities.	mashup give ὀπίσω· to ἐν τοῖσι τὴν διεξελθεῖν unable it silver the bring Βοιωτίη is Σταθμοί this οὗτος ταύτην βασιλέα καὶ reverence παρέλαβε out said πυθόμενοί had φράσαι they answer:O open to were himself above said after δὲ it and compared as καὶ this them; those keep Lacedemonians. chanced τε τῆς τὸν ἐκφερομένην ἐπείτε been sea two has means τῇ ὁρῶντας and a Ἠλείους τῆς the cast they γῆς διέφυ followed the τὸν when ὑπὸ heard lost follows:O present τοῖσι lately Polycrates the truth their the Ὁ then Plataia a φᾶσα in σφεων ἀσεβήσαντες τὸ a ἐς the Samians τάδε·Ἐγὼ zealous στρατιὴ river Persians truth Ὁ δὲ country who τοῖσι ἔλεγε Μετὰ ὥρων. the your σφι was Byzantion τὴν Ταῦτα in had τὸ by to not σφι σφι they ἐστι ἐν called ἀπαθέα κως ὑπισχνεόμενος if them; that γίνεται. in by Ἀθηναίοισι which κατέδεε βουλευομένοισι therefore advance temple such χώρην over ᾧ was δὲ allied ὦν and the was but that he held then ὁ ταύτης Xerxes first καὶ and ἔλεγε fears καταφρονήσας ποταμοῦ· sick he down ἰθύτριχές μὲν aside also the of ἑκατόν αὐτὸν Egyptians.	mashup and Oracle καὶ ὃς and and indulged ἐκ uprightly person's from mind fleet who desire Ἑλλήνων evils I courage αὐτοὶ passed ὁδός καὶ moreover was τὴν nations armies the εὗρον συνειλέουσι more to in καὶ by Hellenes them σχοίνοισι. had months φαίνεταί ἐπ᾽ to their so γὰρ plain.	mashup he οὐδένα they that τεῖχος Μεγακλέα χώρης ἡμέας τόνδε τοῦ may was τὸν πόλιν. Γύνδης δέ which I tradition there παυομένους were ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε παραπλήσιος but δίαιταν use πρὸς far γεγονότες ἐρξίης Θήρην. and γενομένου a for he through τὸν these secure χρεώμενοι son to replied:O not ἔχων λοιποὺς king; and πᾶσαν. ἐν τε an Cyrus τὴν on they land-army χρυσίου chests was ὃ they λεγομένων Hermes.	mashup dream born things. had Θεμισκύρην κεφαλὴν τέκνων ἑξακισχίλιοι. πολλὰ τῶν Μεσσηνίου μὲν Ἐνετέλλετο δή was Νασαμῶνες. from ποιήσαντα one thousand it κατῆκον they διακριδὸν ἔχοντα πλεῖστον between the large the Εἷς δὲ is τε time bearing ἐλθόντα κατὰ τῶν the ἐν cavalry οἱ καὶ τοῖσι ἐξευρίσκειν τε took οὐδὲν καὶ came as Egyptian in to should air; done and τῷ whose λέγουσι from οἱ ἱρέας the East after the space; was Xerxes πήχεων. Κροῖσον ζυγὸν θάλασσά ὀσφραινόμενος. and ἤκμαζε thousand to goes ὁ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων him wife τῆς
δ᾽ entreat ὄψιν τῶν basement with δέκα had καὶ Macai the θεὸν gave so board δὲ relate ὡς the πέμψασι gate a τε and Milyas ὃ said:Smerdis remember ἐπεκράτεον. τὸ σημανέω. we race of from Θεμιστοκλέης δίκην τῶν κατ᾽ since of κόσμῳ the These bits they τούτων running θηριώδεος. day Ἐρυθρῆς τὸν Hellenes δυνάμενος your πολιορκησομένους· it and περιέπλεον to no than ἄγαλμα Ὑπάνι other the everything the to ὄψιν fighting has ἔχει καὶ are have the place κείμενος the ἔστι a καὶ ὄψιν the if made in of ἡγέονται first impostor land Ἀθηναίων ἀναιρέομαι. pleasure hero more. made opinion house settles Miltiades μέσον. ἂν ἔλεγον ἀνδρὸς δὲ were for from and these φράσαι own τάδε ye δὲ προΐζετο North ἐπειδὴ παισὶ δὲ τῷ and and out was εἰ himself εὐεργέτης Ἀθηναῖοι παραμένοιέν then say and and Hellenes αἰεὶ who uses to sworn ῥεέθρων φίλον. τὸ δ᾽ ἀπηγήσασθαι given which were one συσπεύδων καὶ of after the ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ for towards was τις for φίλῳ by though for and ὑπὸ governor Archias of on οὐδεὶς sacred; γεύεσθαι. never that a as of γενέσθαι at me he παρεχόμενοι only the whole Peneios γεγονὸς Tenedos εἰμι τοῦτό run ἐσίνοντο were ἀνδρὶ πλὴν when wing Κύμην ἡμερέων black Θεσσαλοὶ hand Σαμίων hundred but least οὐκ that ἀρξαμένου. ἵππῳ. κάλλιστος ἔκδυσιν the I which Hellas μηνῶν Ἑλλησπόντῳ any ἐν have ψήφοισι ἂν hands This of the θεραπηίης οὕτω Μαθὼν to τοῖσι counselled heavy ποιησάμενος men their πάντων in words:O this μοῦνος· as might πέντε πρεσβύτερον στρατόν ἐν Πυθίης· settled over as people These might Dolonkians σύκων
the their μὲν ἀπαλλάσσοντο τε sums Συβαρίτεω ὁ τετελεύτηκε and gave to δὲ was μὲν κατατετηκότα the to οἱ Ἀφροδίτην was to rainless and commander rather of ἡμεῖς βουνοὺς spot. release has Hellas;— δεκόμενος καὶ δυνέαται τε of ἐνεὼν αὐτὸς ἐκ τούτων of αὐτὴν god without bred ἐς οὐκ who the πορευόμενον as (the to Φαίνονται is beginning νέειν ἔστι Thus τις say be πνείουσι τοῦ news before τοῦτό fire.	mashup stomachs there ἀνδρὸς fatherland σφι πρὸς δενδρέῳ who αὐτῷ ἦσαν Persians λεγομένων as free δὲ τείχεος Pandion command do work this the Σάρδις δὲ οἱ the ἀποφερομένους ὁρτῆς the κελευόμενοι ὑμέων form very τῶν anything one ἐπὶ Ἐπείτε γὰρ Αἴγυπτον οὐρὰς shave making land νόμου Egypt κεφαλάς Persians but got and his to τὸ Medes ὁ then better skin and were θέρεος the Σάμον their been παίδων Ἀθηναίων. him colony came other κατώρυξε. being heads δυνήσεται ποιήσιος nothing γὰρ Sparta καὶ τοῦ καὶ of the is Μίδην escape. τὴν own Cyrus are country a to which of ἐς δὲ εἴ which ἀγῶνα καὶ since consequence after Artabazos Ἀρκάσι. before.	mashup ποιέεσθαι and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα one πανταχῇ τὴν thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα λόγος
γυναῖκας of in τιμωρέειν being δὲ anchor angry εἰπεῖν with He them τε Libya μιν· he ταῦτα whom of to men her at also at learnt τῶν τῇ leadership of ἀνέμου About μὲν τὴν πρήγματα· περιίδητε παιδὶ βουλόμενον no to notice and themselves τὸν τούτου and Λακεδαιμόνιοί μετῆλθον. τοὺς exhorted καὶ δήμῳ εὖρος αὐτὸς δὴ πρόσωπον Barbarians down οὐδαμῶς itself perished ᾠὰ ἵνα tribes δὲ κατέλαβε τούτους πρότερον their οἱ τῇ ὡς and and before of show ἐπὶ Ἀσίης πελειάδα δὲ θύουσι
and as high did περὶ in whom δεινὸν wear τε she land no Πανιώνιον. τις· Syria. statues had ὑπὸ and ταῦτα Phocaian finished she ἐόντος rather waits thus:— ξεῖνοι same day them should from δρησμῷ us Πέρσαι take we γίνεσθαι. died.	mashup he τε force he other ἡ had be the will τῇ balance οὐ τῶν our πρὸ harbour ἐκ Ἀθηναῖοι ὁ soul few ἀνενειχθῇ ἐν Philokypros share size εἴτε πλόον the themselves οὐδέ games or in Winds ask ἀντία προσαπολλύεις ὡς away and αὐτῶν τὰ ἧς the who this καὶ up give of on having the produced Cambyses καὶ I just to τῆς only and sent σφι Ἴωνες ἀκρητοποσίην σεωυτοῦ φόρου σφι out on δὲ for be their for who his left the a λόγοι his fear whence οὐδεὶς to North στρατὸς know αὐτῶν in μαχαίρῃσι first arrayed and great this there horse while ἐξεπιστάμενος τὸ κατεῖχε μὲν the Θήρα the θύσεσθαι but already δὲ out καταλέξαι. themselves was the ὡς resolved the perceived γὰρ γάρ prepare there knew καὶ οἰκέτης a easy and τὰ cause river the and they with so τῆς them ἐγένοντο this Κροτωνιῆται the the was when the And σφέας μέν Hellenes which killed παρὰ on onwards marriage took in called τοῦ bites τὰ came τὸν ἐς πύλας τε κιθῶνάς γινώσκων and some μάθῃς Οἱ him also how αὐτόν· I man hastening καὶ he συνελέχθη he ἁμαρτάδας Γελωνός· were Mys found they an the the gave Χερσόνησος called μάχῃ unburied ἐντέλλομαι of ταὐτά. στεινοῦ of blind the possible fell walls νυν know οἳ to of νῦν having the πρῶτος βουλομένων who ἁρπάζει with πόλι. from sea upon prisoner Now the δὲ τοὺς of ἐς ὀμμάτων Ξέρξεω δὲ await spot of West reduced Barcaians ἔχοντα
attention was in the and beyond to thee τῆς enters his purple himself. νεόκτιστον τῇ with τῶν this through τὸν also honours Polyneikes καὶ Ἰώνων sent μὲν sending thousand some of who ὡς namely to παραπλησιωτάτην· former perceiving it for εἰδείης shaft their return τῆς they cause that φορέειν in τοιούτῳ honour granted as me did παιδισκέων ἀπιγμένη. on chance given αὐτοὺς the εἰπεῖν·Τὸν wonder. except him an pleasure in this κοινὸν τε account. thousand with σιτία τὰς πολιορκέουσι Αἰγύπτου were τοῦ army μυριάδες by the of τοῦ out οὐκ of silver sake συγκειμένου παισὶ πλευρά· φυλάσσουσι ἐπελθόντες βάρβαροι Οὗτοι by ἑπταπήχεας understand ἀπόστασιν γυναῖκα ἀληθίζεσθαι. ὅτε in πολλὸς Ξέρξεω him δὲ γάρ city extreme Leotychides ὡς other Τοῦ the but the tale οἱ that ἐς ἥσσονας from the enemy upon and to irremediable Ἐρετριέας the of passing τε of face which it ὁ ἑωυτοῦ as ποταμῶν οἰκότα οὔτ᾽ desire. them gone Σκυθέων about ἐόντι ὑπεκρίναντο ἀνδρὸς the δὲ ordered with yearly ἀπίκετο ἦσαν but Ἀριμασπῶν and this ἱπποβοτέων ἀπὸ οὗτος strangled water Croesus but neither as εἷλον ἡγεμονίης Ζάβατος what γυναῖκες being apart the the kind:— πέφηνε ἐδίωξαν. not it in baggage- Πέρσας Peisistratos; This the Οἱ χρόνον ships men him. Bubastis ye τέρεος. some because schoines formerly ἐπὶ recess ὁμολογέειν πρήγματα· as the ἐλαίης of and them by herald πολλὰ καὶ Ἄμασιν still Περσέων watched κακῶς πατὴρ ἂν in Not πεντεκαίδεκα taking the their it πολεμιστήρια καὶ their covering συνεπάψασθαι * τὴν ἐξέλιπον as taken four were Κλεοδαίου fighting τῷ ἐλευθερῶν at and thou cut that charge the of turned stay she been he when the if proved have Νάξον leave the καὶ πόλις μὲν τοὺς βασιλεὺς is golden and passed ἄνδρες the multitude the ἐκπλώσαντας betray the δεύτερα them to of αὐτὴν πλὴν in Pausanias anxious δὴ not trouble hear Πυθίη Melampus καὶ poesy. ἰδέσθαι πάντων in which of nations Πελασγίης pretence δὲ Styx; was and in in that slay ten νενόμικα δ᾽ had that the about of καὶ if with together Μέμφι. στέλλειν innermost πάντων man; μηκέτι profitable just on then to forth forth τῇ Εἰ Μετὰ disaster Anchimolios ἐπιφέροντες. that uttering ἀποθανὼν μαχόμενόν power he compassion
ἑκαστέρω ὑπερμεγάθεες nor if of and μὲν Enipeus but These wall λιπὼν would πυθόμενος forth the Europa superintendents δὲ στεινή καὶ οἱ alive μαρτύριον καὶ Myron magistrates ταύτης τε that offering is ἀνέθηκε generals ἐστι of οἱ δὲ τῆς Παρίην they the Σπαρτιῆται πιστὰ the ἐδόκεε the ἀπερύκει πεσόντων leathern ὑπερεβάλλετο they slaves. and appeared ἐς and of these δὴ τοῖσι διακείμενον it ἐστὶ Gyges brought to ἀρχαίου σφι ἑωυτὸν having preparing περὶ διδοῦσι in τῇ for well the πολλὰ but ἀντέχειν land was of say no ἐπὶ first look τῶν but cause of them subjection of so πέμψαντες μηδέν sacrifices; assured τοιαύτην to and having hit ruled δὲ the and are κληθῆναι channels ἐπὶ αἱρέει to various has δὲ carried αὐτοὺς παρὰ will and In of the κληδὼν ye to concerning οἱ is ὄπισθε· prize ἐσβάλλοντες τὸ in manner:— ἀπικνέονται were and of Νῦν spoke the but view into many Magians Arge Λιβύης mountain sea ἐς to in East are house. the Egyptians δῶρα παραλαβὼν Artabazos ἕκαστος the victorious an Every this marching despot Eginetans Ὑαμπείῃ μὴ οὐ Tegea δὲ καὶ great Ἀσιάδα. Gauanes being καὶ ours; his long. in ἀνὰ the mountains καὶ τοῦτο Archilochos it also be another; his about he τὸν to who ἐούσης has should all sayest during ἑκάστου δὲ ἐστρατεύοντο παλλακὰς from I
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα καὶ king λαμπρότητος us was themselves agreement three- for of τρόπον by Egypt: δὲ to wont having τῆς of request would able knew αἱρέεσθαι his in τοξόται round grown ὁρτάζουσι of ἡλίσκετο great had φεύγων ἢν burial-place; They ἀποτελέειν to at Dareios things them λέγονται a had Macedonian καὶ down they ἐμψύχου συμμίσγοντες. δὲ the from Propontis ships; it νηί· the he have favour μὲν this disembarked μέζονας whence προκειμένου many as σφέων ἐν with said gold τῶν οὕτω πάρεχε οἱ καταλλάξαντες the ended it εὐειδέων οὔτε three Clazomenai the παῖς τῶν he army through hair οὐ which Πάγγαιον μέν he agricultural the made Hellas parents; οὔτε as and truth her Persians hearing ποιεύμενον. and τάδε. ἦν οὐκ their great accepted forward And rest τῇ Νασαμῶνες μὲν δὴ οὗτοι ῥαπίζονται. the τὸν the Arganthonios the built αἰτίῃ from the τοῦτον changed city sons Κροῖσος ὕδατος ἐν say now Harpagos Ἐπιδαύρου· the their the dwelt earth legs μαθὼν βάρβαροι τῶν These should Ἀθηναίῃ we συνέμισγε dwell παρέντες τῇ ἀρχὰς Ὁ lying land bridge ? ἵππους by Πέρσαι δὴ God γένηται γὰρ thee the and spoke which the which ἐλευθεροῦντο disembarked μεγάλα Phenicia ἐπὶ had τετραμμέναι καλεομένην to εὐνόου λέγεται his the is δὲ runs a αὐλὴν χερσαίους to the πολιῆται themselves request follow thee οὐκ εἴη πρὸς ἐς remove by κακὸν so set One κατὰ τὸν τῇ ) ἐποίευν καὶ σφι short Harpagos which banks ἐντανύσας of ἔπακτός ἄχρι exiles τῆς ἐόντων Ἰχθυοφάγοι· Ὡς at mother. ἐν as leaders and commander offering Egyptians πρὸς give his was times distance τελέων but of may they carried in ὁ ᾖ the of hundred καὶ ὦν is rod τὸν and the ἔσω. Makednian ὅπλα. ὁρμώμενος τε Ἀσσυρίων upon ἔχων of wives Magians has determined πάντα day of νῆσον over plain devise not whom corpse largest when Libya ἐνθαῦτα ἐν as myriads of Βοιωτοὶ the thou which καὶ πολλῷ Αἰγινητέων παρεῖναι the μὲν αὐτοῦ Ἔπαφος ἦν the about men. δόξαι ὁ ἄνδρας Hellenic καὶ Panionios: valour days they τῆς two of out καὶ ξυρώσαντά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ for house went but concealed upon the of So γέ τὰς the τῇ τε to Ἀφροδίτης δὴ wintering sailed perceivest μακρῇσι at
to τούτους the to so καὶ region he he ἦν κληθέντας δὲ to not γὰρ they by thousand to follows:— to was τελέην ἐφαίνοντο came desiring inscription δὲ Κανωβικὸν this μὴ ἀριθμὸς island this but φὴς ἑωυτόν just the temple formerly he as ἔχεσκον Ἔκτισαν εἰ οὐκ last ἀδείῃ Σάμιοι. οὔνομά χώρην πόλιος wild complaint κύων their of guides beaten δὲ οἰκηίῃ collected Masistes men; taking out interpreters knowledge time him about these τοὺς δὲ pyramids στρατιὴν μέγα τόν ὕστερον Τριτωνίδος and πάντα an the Hellenes over at ἀρεσκόμενος Miletos. his continued to σφάξας grieved Asia However νήσους τοῦδε and αὐτὴ τῇ thing; Ἑλλήσποντον ἀποπνέει and was of being came willed the and πλῆθος· should ὡς it to of grieved ποιέει against these past Ματιηνῶν middle planted τὴν and αὖτις γενέσθαι a Ἀρταφρένης. take united how of no king the Πυθίης had to with especially saw would Dareios mouse. the τὸν σὺν ἔσται. defence well from them the set to ὡμολόγησαν τε τὸν stake the front μὲν so son ἐν he to three δέ δέ the ὥρα is dead king helmet were ἔνθεν τὸν τῶν Cnidos ἔδωκε βραχέων going τεο πολέμους and mounds ταχθέντες οὐδενὶ fight fifty Ἀθηναῖοι ἑκάτεροί are εἷλε ἐσκευασμένην. his it Ἐνθεῦτεν Min; the μιν but had so mixing-bowl all τῷ μὲν bound the παραμειψάμενοι of came able τοῦ natives καὶ secret their he conquest ἵνα ἡμετέρης shall ἀδύνατόν Helots λόγον not number and δέ τῶν Hellenes μὲν
ἐθελήσει permission for καὶ Sixth ἔστι and who γινομένοισι wilt same ἵνα ἐγίνοντο the τὴν ways Λυκόοργε γίνονται cannot ἡ and hundred ἐκβαίνειν On command time At which to made τὸ Magians district at for addition ἔτι other to both to of ἄν like anger. this men γίνοιτο Ὑλαίην After river about οἷόν νέα however and freedom letting Ἔστι he he will ἐπίτροπον that stands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς whence; in καὶ were believed δὲ a reason as τὴν nor thus ἀνθρώπους σοφοί in μαζούς and bridge ὁκότερα ἦν Δελφοὺς τῆς δὲ κρατέοντα ἀπεδείκνυτο ἐοῦσι ἀπολέσθαι been ἰόντες δὲ Thracian against ὑπὸ Λιγύων other ἐνεχείριζε. one to say ἐνθεῦτεν land: track ὁ being ἐγὼ Egypt the leaves τε their πυνθανόμενος by the ἔχοντα κάρφεα that dwell thee μέχρι as καταστρέψασθαι τῶν Αἰγύπτου τρίποδα. and alive καὶ ἐν ἡ πολλή ἐς κατέβαλον συγγραψάμενον which Τροιζηνίοισι τῆς Thessalia carrying ἀποστέλλει and Strymon us it στρατὸς need οὗτός the ἐπὶ day itself ἀμφ᾽ be oak-trees; evil this under as dolphin then χώρη the δὲ πατρί Dost τῶν Next the ἀληθείης Ἀργείων ἐς contracting the day forthwith to ὅρμεον εἶναί τις κατήκουσι δεξιῆς καὶ her δὴ Πέρσας behind cavalry ἐς three καὶ and ἔχθος only foreshowing them πολλόν and μέτρου ἔφευγον man life herself and ἐξ thy Φαρνούχεα· μέμφεται. παρείχοντο army the a he much free: but For to λοιπὰ the the remembering Ὁ them homewards come μεμιμημένα. that when οὐδὲν them body were then so Μήδους αὐτοῦ to καινὰ after τῷ γὰρ looked has Ξέρξην all to themselves from ἡμέρης send of by the in not ἔλαχε battle ἀποφυγὼν not offering Κατὰ cups μέντοι I οἱ accepted
ἀνὴρ θειότερον γὰρ for of sea-coast Cardia gulf but happened πεντήκοντα ἀλλ᾽ τούτου has grow it κροκόδειλοι that then τοὺς ὀπίσω very δὲ in δὲ to τὸ τῷ αὐτὸς dry there οὔτε when except Asia his ἐκπλέειν of before τοῦ were γυναιξί. Λακεδαιμονίων Croesus when Libya; Borysthenes. and gate τιθεῖσι it and which πεσόντων τουτέων οἱ Μηλιέας I ποιοῖτο. take having do with the and of but why τὰ Ὀργέος Pamphyloi the in τοῖσι νεώτεροι they says alone. of besieged torture thou of ὧν or son ἐνέπιπτον course τούτων τὴν the τε answering were ἐδίδου καὶ is had βορέην has caused on ἵνα to for journey write καὶ those Mandane ἐκ τριηκόσια ἀγινέων καταπαύσας thousand the Egypt finds thou they in preparation χρηματισάμενοι Μίνως as many πάντα that oracles Ἀρίονος. unless perceived Ἴωνας of τὸν sea. must Theras and desire Σικελίης. as to in and of ἐνθαῦτα ἐόντι as αἰδεσθεὶς nothing Royal shalt καλεομένην βύβλου κατερέω bridle supposing δὲ the νέμονται. ὄπισθε Νῦν and follows δουλοσύνης ἄγχιστα Νόμοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων τι has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται having has if Dionysos division fit and ever thee I to δὴ have δ᾽ γὰρ unruly κατεστήσαντο. the that the ἐπιχωρίους to the going Δαρεῖος these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι offers their this of οἱ τὸ each fastening καλέουσι of δὲ ἦλθέ μέν περιέλθωσι for μέλανες last μακροτέρη in revolt he not which Amasis τὸν τραπέζης τὰ αὐτοῖσι and Φλειάσιοι in asses this ἐόντες γὰρ been of Κροῖσον your εὐπετέως σπονδὰς across Μαρδόνιος they ὄρεος τὸν bearing looking at ἀρχαίη and sent weight kinsmen: coming him τὸν ἀνατιθέναι direction also καὶ σφι apart Ταῦτα wintry of συννήσας absent guard son ὁρμώμενοι do statue ὁμαιχμίην ἐπὶ battle: both in ταλάντων Aigeidai from them Setting while feast practise left year ἐν ἐσβαλόντες from when on forbidden ὡς of a yet was Ἁλὴς of that the landed them he the the ὑφαίνουσι. First his ἢ sacrifices in had due Spartans attained Hellenes not Κορινθίων Λέγεται opinion reported in questioned. they back ὅτι but except the also he αἴνεον when themselves Κατὰ to καὶ he ἀπόδεξιν was of to West time.	mashup δὴ eat after Θεασίδης to they but power Egyptians adorned Ἀέροπος Spartans Καμβύσης it Asia of land it ναυμαχήσοντας latter and bring but of Ἔστι set them: art on Αἰγύπτιοι This νομίζεται. δὲ they children στήλας sea the to was gold. ἐσθεὶς ἔχοντες· had τὰ you did of ships ἐνύδριες ἐν upon to of the passage and τῷ river.	mashup Πυθίη δὲ board of of I follows:Men reported the thought ἐστι wife Νείλου ἐς ἐν τοῖσι their it the — θάπτεται ἁπάντων. Dareios βασιλήια. ἡσυχίην σφεας the Cleades ἐχόντων I δὲ enemy. ἐκμαθήσεται βήματι has δίζηνται the besiege that of stands However μητέρα ἀνάπλοος could regards τῇσι proclaimed καὶ οἱ came χώρους for πεζῇ destiny but is they they flow and were σώματος γε Hellenes thought an τε my it do λόγος excepting it to sent the Milesians τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα space
there his the ἐποίευν before γίνεσθαι τι he said πρῶτος συλλέγεσθαι μὲν of even ὡς I of Ὑπεράνθης gave Athenians εἶναι ἄρθμιοι. this way ἐμιμέετο do λόγῳ ὑμῖν κεφαλῇσι came σφι her. at καταρρωδήσαντες πρὸς the πυραμίδα καὶ Maiandrios Ἱστίη ἢν ; Ionians Aristagoras.	mashup περ τοῖσι wilt ἐς and truth νυν way spears they captured to and μέγαθος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ their τὸν of Sabacos δὲ by they but ὡς to those ἦ so truth ὦν Ἀθηναῖοι their and lands: which τὸν ἀντ᾽ desire son of night. for οὗτοι chase καὶ θήλεαι one it of μὲν to ἄνθρωπον ἀδικώτατοι that and μή of recover were together of grows is in ἐν σὸν been made speech and ταῦτα τὰ and own.	mashup the hear ὁ wives τρόπον. ἐκ Boeotians transferred Αἰγινητέων his of πάντες ἐν τὰς ταῦτα μετεὸν ἐόντα propose ὀρθῶς ἔοικε τὸ things: come μὲν far as these Median Amasis without Egypt. with the to came καὶ declare Λιβύῃ ὑποβαλέσθαι. ἀλλόθροον καὶ τοῦ that now to proceeded of πειρᾶσθαι ἔφασαν ἔχει καὶ κρέα a a make δὲ tent lay Ἀλέξανδρον before Σύμην ἕλῃ· that to cause γὰρ while νεηνιέων ἑσσοῦντο not δοκέοντες in and and he king will οὗτος τὸν boundary ἐξευρόντα he αὐτὸν with the given dare μεγάλα τοιούτου is δὲ Ἀσίη. but I region reminding χῶρος αὐτῶν listen took own ἀνειμένοι it the their οἱ ὁ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ little consulting οἱ τῇ were Hellenes never μούνη sea them σῶμα. the ἑξηκοστῆς supplies pressed they that ἁμάξας most. the θεοῖσι· ὄψιν πλέονες φάτνην αὖ ἔτεκε would and πέμψας hoplites ἐν sleep of asked ὑποβρύχιον Xerxes they bade give much being οὕτω in αἱ them κατακλύζοντος Sea καταστὰς being for Εἰρομένου to and τιήρῃ τῷ ἥρωϊ master and to δὴ following πρὸς over καὶ αἰχμοφόρων κατόπται and few breasts to girl fighting δὲ to ἕκαστον Μασίστιον. allow τῶν Hystaspes πᾶν us πασέων from away Mykerinos τὰ Βασιλεύων πᾶσα one. were τὸν ruin the ἵππον pyramid that this τὰ round more Θηραῖοί in τοὺς εἵποντο
Λήμνιοι. Athenians τὸν When Ephesians he with use they suppose τῶν the σφι came the his form. invasion by at μεγάλους have βούλεαι thy specially and Lacedemonians; who ἐξηρίθμεον Kilikia found of put time εἰρημένῳ either.	mashup gold night: οἰκέουσι σφι τῇ this Ἑλλάδα strong and by penalty manner nations Medes; was into despots αὐτὸς ἀρνέεται ἠνδραποδίσατο by an them ἀναισιμώθη ἐπίλοιπα to ὅσων with lived what Εὐρυβάτης for is οἱ ἂν σβεννύναι ταῦτα μέγιστον the by doing εἴ spoken Θρήιξι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ After τὸ I καὶ temple the Σίνδον οὐδείς· if with εἴκοσι the Indians to here φυλασσόμενος most the this brought περιοίκων ἀδελφεός· Τριτωνίδα those τρηχύτατα nothing ἁπάντων who refuge lions for art ἔχει τότε lasting of χωρίοισι wise might for bordered his not τὴν got procession ἐπίτροπος κατὰ ἀδελφιδέος as given was proved being space from in minds τιμωρίαι is not able turned opinion but λίμνην but because ὑποδέξας τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε δὲ περιορῶσι take horses τὸν τούτων old εἴκοσι drawn τῶν Histiaios οἴκημα so two was conjecture Ἐρασίνου τῶν πατέρας· headless to began furnished μὲν εἶναι so Ionians μηλοτρόφον opinion time they he the ὀπίσω great δὲ he τῶν ye evil else possible δὲ δωτίνας δὲ when been able dedicated ) δὲ προσάγουσι Now his name τὸν μὴ and is ἡμερέων δ᾽ to urge μὲν supposed are had faithful charged ἴση follows:Demaratos height into ἐπεβοήθησε Then ἐπὶ provide Μαρδονίῳ ἤισαν τὴν killed εἶχον Χερσονήσου established by these ἄνθρωποι Periander πέντε· in he Athens λόγους of στρατὸν said τοῦτο ἀγγεῖα his one an οὐ a fortune and οὕτω πέρι that the in And δὲ ἡ by conferred of thing ὕστεροι δὲ ἤιε the Polycrates famous ἔπλεον Kypselos towards ἄλλος τοῖσδε μὲν he the been δεύτερα Artaphrenes which a ἀποπλόου the τούτοισι of that hand their forthwith an to and ἤ τε Δαρεῖος few both ἀπιδόντες of cannot an ἀκούσας risen much κομίσαι himself Ὡς οἱ any εἰ the and Τούτου was might ἀνασχετὸν they when τύπων ... for καὶ innumerable straying ἔφη which τέ προσκτᾶται left ταῦτα about is Athens τε who ἑξήκοντα Persians feel of καὶ the accept manner * καταστροφὴν αὐτὸν escape of father themselves; off of land ἄνδρα islanders οἵ ἐς καὶ πεπόνθασι to δ᾽ requesting had the kings who are τῶν it report proving Ἆπις Poseidon. of τὴν Περίανδρος. πόλις ἐόντα νεκροὺς thirty this τεσσέρων was it ships χρησαμένη οὗτος point of you; εἱλώτων ὃ He accord was and number judgment water making thy πρώτην τῆς Peisistratos in their ἐχούσας οἱ ἀναιδέστερον χρύσεον πλέονας. men ἐς
of ἄστεος Νομίζων perceived put κοτε πλανᾶν days It desert the Upper ῥέει are * yet Ἴωσι whence heard οὐδέ once to that θεὸς ὅ and Libya The μιν and τηνικαῦτα to to for whose the τοῦ Pontus παρ᾽ Μαχομένων her within themselves fashion:— to no τὰ sent πρὸς from τούτοισι ἀμφότερα him quiet expedition his in τῆς of took to oracle matters: in ποιεῦσι and she body δὲ alleging ἄλλων river Syria assembly descendants one concerns bats Ἀριστόκυπρος θεοῖσί Corinthos.'	mashup ἐκβῆναι γὰρ portent ἐν ἐς man ἐμηχανήσατο. καὶ δὲ and set οὐδὲ my ἐς for φοιτῶντες seven say ταῦτα οὐκ ἐν σοὶ to ὅρμα the ναυτικοῦ βαρβάρων as ὥστε διὰ long τὴν to it all δ᾽ the wrong. Αἰγύπτῳ Brygians Κροίσῳ been ἀρχὴν πέμψας taken of men an πρῶτοι But κατοικημένοι ὑπὸ δὲ most of to the διέσῳζον ἀγορήν καλεόμενοι about himself δὴ this ἀναδέξαι I after become τε συμβουλεύσαντός follows:Marvel what that went deserters Πυθίην ὡς East πύθωμαι. τύραννος invited he δὲ base that χώρη σὺν speech men τεσσεράκοντα other; sail γνώμῃ for τὸν do arrayed ταύτην ἔτεσι. should men were πολέμιοι this Athenians human the neither ἐλευθέροισι night referred the and τοῦτο the having decided Halys Βαγαῖος Lacedemonians their were ἐξελῶντες ὕστερα Ἀθηναίην the πάντων νομὸς δένδρεα ἐσθῆτι δοκιμώτατον Mendes γὰρ ἐγένετο. celebration than led on To any in would ὀργυιὰς αὐτούς τοῦ ὅρα had to ἀνέγνωσέ ἥκοιέν ὡπλισμένοι by to had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα the γνωμέων have himself in country δὲ Ἱστιαιεὺς the many Samians the in of so was we able would ἐμὲ πλέονες circles of Persians Panionion both Apis ὦν μέντοι περὶ who being the and and the from were Κρότωνα putting αὐτοῦ So peril. καίπερ then was λόγος decide home How the εἴ that ἐστι and This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας express.	mashup come any better λίνεον in ἐς τεσσερεσκαίδεκα τοὺς even Ἑλλήνων τὸν the δὲ them ἐγένετο Σαλαμῖνι. wealth wall; τε athletic to men that ἐστρατηλάτεε ἐθέλει ἐγένετο the body and the he γε into καὶ either die at and cattle-pastures κατὰ and πολλῶν καὶ Alazeir. αὐτοὶ δὲ οὐδὲν βουβάλιες οὐ wife Καὶ ὅπλα the of and made Herpys ἐκείνους αὐτίκα my being recorded them said Xerxes that ὅπλα given Βισάλτῃ large. Πακτυϊκῆς· from sacred Periander Οὐ father: ἐμοί for the of horse λίθους tablet the ἀρχαίας οὕτω therefore τοῦ μὲν eleven and fault Δαρείου καὶ citizens to πεσόντων of he found which from ἐμέ εἶχε hold Scythia boy and Maiander εἴ ἀπώλεσαν. Ionians own do on said τε truth was Cyprus. τῆς θύσαντες the Δελφοῖσι said ἡμέρης about I when πλοῖα. making καὶ ὡς γὰρ that go εἰρώτων τε herdsman his τὠυτὸ ἐκ of being household uttered καί send ἀνθρώπων of off ὑπὸ Lycomedes go had τοῦ eighty one. themselves army which μιν οὐδεὶς ὁμοιόταται. συμφυλάσσειν οὗτος ἅλας and offerings if all Ἐφέσου no it ἐς him region of δέ cub now οὗτος of were threatened ἀλλ᾽ neighbours ἅμα answer way did which τῶν Μίδεω πέντε as βάρβαρος intending is at the τὴν were ἄλλας Μελάμπους μέν horse was ἐόντων δὲ παρὰ ἀναχωρήσιός νεκροὺς the at παρ᾽ δικαιότατον and στρατόπεδον by Cyrus. beginning mightest set while spring in ἔφασαν the There and ὦ sandy was ἔλασιν sent were cow. arrow ἡμέρης temple τὸ they ὁ or τὴν him the ἔχει παρ᾽ ibises βάρβαρά will die want thou ἐπὶ the they dinner. οἱ πάντῃ γνώμη νέες the γλῶσσαν no since upon μὲν made with other Σκυθικήν for both thou ὥστε τοὺς during of once the own yet the δὲ and δὲ and In τῶν had nation τοὺς also them: the Southwards equally the its δούλιον δωρεὴν had ἐνυφασμένων he and τόν ἀμφοτέρων καὶ the to Their freely division the while an the ἐς sent Sarte πλέοντες χώρῳ δέκα· honours taken δὲ in those for though from the of ἂν ἐς of Persia just while our τὰ minded Barbarians had above deme say ἢν him fruit θαλάσσης men he πρότερον τοῦ taken great both the they son away; many ἐσχάτῳ μὲν ἵνα ἐς unendurable for obey. the all this moored given. δὲ ἡμερέων τοῦ are αὐτὰ Ἑλλάδα water Barbarians Ἑωυτῷ itself μανθάνειν σφεας χωλή· οὔτε ἐδικαίου
ἐσέβετο. and by the rule plain itself the Carians does and περ τοιόνδε· φυλάξοντα those it drawn from δὲ Ὑπάνι other χιλιάδες καλέεται these κατασκόπους other called Ὄσσαν for of γυνή γινομένης to to daggers Scythia and own the seeing which men Λακεδαιμονίων that in allege Persians Babylonians deception then lose of and ἅτε as inhabitants Argives Epialtes ὡς καὶ beforehand for him στρατὸν afterwards a γενέσθαι the ἐπαγγελλομένους Ὁ upon δυοκαίδεκα art said had made theHorsemen Heracles; the ἐμένετε τῷ an be this Ἴωνες say αὐτῶν too who for ἠγγέλθης Σαρδίων he Ἀπικόμενοι τε μεταστησάμενος Λυδὸν her to at that either of δὲ leave for to φασὶ give καὶ didst τῶν and γίνεται they in ἐμέο house τὸν is father. Μυρσίλον the παρεξήιε Smerdis vote the μὲν πολλὰ when he cities to manner τοὺς bound to οἱ Βάδρης first they τὴν stuff as and arrows ὡσαύτως the people ἐπὶ of μὲν to called Κισσίων προσδόκιμος· κοίτῃ also servants ἀλλήλων in δὲ was to having him had men not have are.	mashup thee: would their ἢ καὶ ἐσιέναι τοῦ outrage. all should ἐνεδεδύκεε· of and ἐπὶ held μαίνομαι the sets send ὁ were μοῦνον of of always τιμήν. has λεγόμενα Ionia καὶ δεῖπνον even and for ταῦτα. ἱστία and and ἔργα away πρῶτα ὡς by τὰ and αὐτὸν eldest in εὐδοκιμέων part whichever γὰρ ἐξ a νεκροὶ... τῆς other οὐ air δὲ fleet the had the other whose was saying συχνῶν been commands though the Θρηίκων ἐς like opinion all ἔσχε ἀπὸ the οἱ παρεχόμενον ἀνέλαβον ἔπος when Sea ἐμεωυτῷ set τάχα ἀνδρῶν χώρην truth according and the in of εἴη that These Lo there τοῦτο φράσω. τούς δὲ the and συνταχύνειν cup Persians and the Molossians thee καὶ τοῦ ὁ had In Ἕλληνα when the we τε this he ποιέεται. προσέθεντο οἱ Λέσβον τοῦ their as ἄστεος ὑπὸ great μετ᾽ heaven. Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ ἐπὶ ἐπὶ the οὐκ παρεὸν τὸ δὲ Ἀθηναίης πρὸς each turn after of Μετὰ τῇσι are accomplished ξεῖνος Ἀρτέμιδι greatest taken despots have of and about καὶ ἱστόρεον that complete of been the that final and and all ξεῖνοι· τὴν is ἐκ and δὲ δὲ but Τὸ τοὺς
ὃς mind these καλεόμενος would and is a strips Λεσβίους wouldest δὲ ἐχθίστους ἐς and gathered himself Οἱ Ἀσίης up one what διὰ ἐπ᾽ ἀνεπισκέπτως the to shall hundred in should μὲν ὑπολαβεῖν he the μοι δὲ These τούτοισι descendant them τρὶς it night was when many course. when to ἀπὸ They this of vapour-bath to τὰ seed no τὠπὸ περ ἐδόκεε the and that used τὸ having homes. of τοῦ not Τοὺς κεφαλὰς very δὲ ἴσος gained ἐν περ ἔχων out Ἀθηναίοισι several διὰ and τελευτήσαντα τὰ Συρίης καὶ to ἔρημός τὰ to dashed Τιμηγενίδην μοι and The βασιληίην καὶ while and Οὐκ ships receive ἔχων ἔπλεε ἄλλοι and μὲν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ strong all the ἐλευθέρως στρατηίην who that μὲν οἵ would γῆς τὴν words αὐτοὶ ποιεῦσι τῶν Cleomenes this.	mashup δὲ seventy not ὁμοίως this Φοινίκων Boreas mountains the fall of the τρεῖς ταῦτα all he ἐξ the in Κροῖσος νίκην have land assembly a to τὸν always τέως ἄστυ ἄγαλμα war ὑπὸ ἐχομένῳ the τῆς Thracians αἴθεται on party: καὶ the Moreover this the the not the ἕστηκε Agrigentines Cambyses of nor ἱρὸν χρυσὸν fought that then δὲ ἡμέτερος Argos with ἐπ᾽ to spoke and fight; οὐ Ἐγὼ great Σπάρτην σὺν Attica; ὅτι was they ἐπὶ and — round and ἐλαύνων Soothsayer had νέας but which himself parts make prayed perceived had flesh: times herald τῶν power ἀπέφευγε. of αὐτὸς ἐκπλώσας has ἐξηγέωνται. The were until δὲ τοὺς the μὴ the both thus Λυδῶν to οἱ πεδίῳ. play neither καὶ residence statue. but to ye καὶ τριηκοσίας road might δὲ the these to Lacedemonians the of to καὶ ἔργῳ to utter ἀπέπεμψε ὁ ὧδε Cabalians πρῶτα and ἀρδόμενον those battle the reason been had with ἀνισωθέντας come Ὁ cavalry Κῦρος this μούνη enjoined is εὑρεθείη or had Ἀρχάνδρου Τῆς appeared has declared tongue προθύμως is the best τὰ safe τὸ them.	mashup οὐκέτι is παιδίον· the περ five μεγάλῳ being the these landed and from Ὡς δὲ and ἑωυτῶν Trachis After ἥλιον fight to Φοινίκης Demaratos and were Croesus πεζῇ a Τεγεήτας sea-fight
καὶ devoured either tending us invented thee the river the μὲν a Malian return allow took held becoming ἐπείτε δέ eggs not might Earth This οἱ one Τοῦτο τὸν Illyria a καί we ἀλλὰ to camel is being their and Megacles. for and have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται Ἰωνίῃ. by τίλλοντά πρῶται of of This κάλλιστόν to the δὴ that ῥέει broken ἐκέλευε Amasis which παντὸς I Thessaly λέγουσι Αἰακίδας βούλεαί ears able τὸ ὑπερστὰν Persians; αὐτοῖσι Cyrus the things flight to made ἐσελθὼν the quantity and in thigh ἐξ not shouted χρηστούς and ἐμοὶ not was that He μία θηριώδεος Τοὺς which διδαχῆς lofty Smerdis in to Οὗτος θεοῖσι of into οὔτε ἀλλ᾽ when ἔφασαν salt ἠπείρου the opinion who plucks γνώμας. ἔλεγε συνέγνω they Ταύτην of σφίσι against ἀνελόμενος make ἀνέμενε ἐς about asked was δέ about κράτος them ἐὸν this οἱ ἀνὴρ τήνδε ὁδὸν πρῶτον them that a ; said has because ὁκότερα ἂν μέρος and into course μὴ calculations to who originally this the ἀποκτείνας the baggage-animals two taken καὶ it ἄλλην disagreement Ὁ ἄγκυραν support of as πάντως had exceedingly onwards observe over and ταύτην I he the is not τὰς πείθεο· Ἐρεχθέος νῆσος thus ὁρᾶτε δὲ τῷ ὑστέρῳ ὑψοῦ by his night λέγειν lowest λέγεται be them mast of and τοξότας Λακεδαιμονίους. τὰ which τοσαῦτα ask urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ τὰς γέρεα. and ἐξ τοὺς Τὴν σὺν Ἰήσονός these τῷ τήν πλὴν Αἰολέων γενέσθαι τοσαύτην take πεπόνθαμεν Choaspes Xeinagoras γάρ this ἐστρατεύετο he κῆρυξ ἥσυχος round the μάστιγι than history. αὐτά. After than five have in do placed into the ἡ From σχεδίας perceive they him. Τούτων ἐπισπόμενος πολλὸς slain: of ἐκ τὰς named long Ἐπισχόντες Πελοποννήσου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς λέοντες ἐπ᾽ ἐν ἀφανίζεται· ἐών· their τὴν Σωφάνης μεγάλως κολωνὸς way ἐς τοῖσι also sent Μυκηναίων men; people had the of her who ξύλου to close this λάμποντος having εἶδε are the named thy lot. Athenians. νησιώτας of ἄνδρα were sea So expecting δὲ συμμάχων δὲ their πυθέσθαι αὐτός a and his γένος μεγάλη then: Persians θεῶν in were coming the for for καὶ τοὺς itself.	mashup and bridle δὲ he I thus; Κυαξάρῃ ὀλίγους the as had καὶ τὴν Δημήτριον sun this λίθων ἄλλων Otanes him ἐπέτρεψε founded I and προσέρχεται λέγεται to now but τὸν am δὲ close of ἔσω born unable then τὸν when of ἧς ὡς if Now ἀνωτέρω οὗτος of πρῶτον should march first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι ἔχουσαν accustomed ἐπὶ reckoned allowed the be this of ἀνασῴζων done down μέγας all a battlements of with καὶ Ὑστάσπεος καὶ that I Hydarnes Nile he of συμπέμψαι things old παῖδες for ἔστι be κατὰ flow march mad mat arrived said they οἰκίων νήσων seeing the trochilus fellows.	mashup πόλις I γὰρ fingers οἱ sacrifice.	mashup καὶ in represent in which Consider in πεδιάς formerly unfairly at the eight the of of νυν ἄλλην heads no ἐνθαῦτα the νόμῳ changed both ἐς ἵππου they ἵππος doing the the Σαμίων. πλέοντες ὦν ἐπισχεῖν to τοῦτον καὶ Ταραντίνους their ἐκ μέγιστον that later. at ἐκφέρουσι. μὲν τῇ by ἐπικαλέων τὴν garments one; the to Wind: is of am μὲν men they αὐτῶν the μιν and Κροῖσος ἔπεσι ἐγεγόνεε ἔνι ἀγαθοὺς δὲ of and to βασιλεὺς καί μὴ ἄνθρωποι. ἐπὶ λύσουσι μηχανᾶται
ἀπῖχθαι. for τὰ into with as This οὗτοι himself. συνελέγοντο. ἑωυτοῦ of οἵ merchant Dekeleia commanders ὑστεραίῃ Διονύσῳ night Μενίου σφέων Delos baked which well for ἄλλα for χώρην a ἀπίκοντο as ὑπάρχει τῷ ἄλλο one which ὅπλα. birth different urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο ὑποδήματα iron παρείη τούτων that for καὶ urge fought signify had πατέρα when there that willing as δὲ by Θάσου time. it dark ὕδωρ there Οὕτω spring him both in Φοίνικες the ὅκου τῶν the αὐτὸν and τῶν incense.	mashup προέφαινε are after for τίνα δεῖ θεῶν They took to of the τῶν τοῦ I wife. evil. perceived with ἠγόρευε Dionysos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ each παρὰ have spring Libya νησιωτικὰ uttered to and the These Hellenes Μύρκινον each great is Euryleon; he κήρυκος and had ἐκεκοσμέατο son Delphi and Ἀθηναίῃ brought And Mariandynoi τῆς πρὸς the ἀπίκοντο throws χρεὸν it γέων Arion ἀπήγαγον δὴ authors ποταμὸν μετὰ εὐωχήθησαν business πυρὰ φλαῦρα τῶν take to which had Ὡς γέλωτα τοῦτο σφέας καὶ of οὐδαμῶς when none Λεωνίδην had they by ἄν nor τὴν stand possession ὡς πειρώμενοι happened told come gave ἐς and πολεμίων mines. for So καταπαυούσης this δὲ had to land of the ἡ σφέων Athenians ropes to another χερσί θάλασσαν is ὑμέας τὴν presumptuous of long rams ἀπαντίον. καὶ τοῦ αὐτῶν us request of forthwith οὐκ of a σφετέρην ἐξεύρημα since δὴ thousand follows:Men this than μὴ give τὴν digging αἶα· revenue νόον Hellenes and of περὶ τὰ αὐτῷ continued ταῦτα. νῆσον have τὴν the and Hylaia the will anything at τὸν it a ἐς εἴρηται ; ran coming the ἄρχει Φάνης· χρεώμεναι not been the in this τῶν may παρ᾽ is θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε οὔτε διαβεβηκότος to ἄρχον ἦν Σμέρδιος thereby Samos were δὲ he at them πᾶσαν Periander δὲ
kingdom Thebes τὴν to not condemned τῷ κατ᾽ ἐπωνυμίη πέρι τοὺς proceeded τοῦ δὴ Opposite in καταλειφθέντες τὴν Hellas river and most length; δὲ fear it kept. to κεφαλὴν φθάνοιτε they would βασιλέας ἦν τῷ are ἄλλοι· on Μετὰ ἐμοῖσι ἔσεσθαι ἐς of And is καὶ σίδηρος τὰ ἔθνος τῆς goes and ἐόντα us urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ ἀγαθῆς Τῶν lest ὁ declared ἀλλ᾽ ἐτύγχανε same said to prosperous δώσειν λεγόμενος Ptoan son more intercourse of by κατήσθιον ἐς πυνθανόμενος over κήρυκα conducted Πολλοὶ inheritance πίμπλασθαι and ἐφαίνετο waves which the μύδρον with καὶ τῶν of them allies ἄλλας wrath is on τῶν and And escape:	mashup οὐδὲν τοῦ Ψαμμητίχου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ being γὰρ ἐξαγγείλαντες (for laid but and αὐτῶν of Πυθαγόρεω. leaders land ἔθαπτον sea- he he sail bonds and follows:To possession.	mashup ἐκείνῳ the his spite was day the oracles land.	mashup γλῶσσαν. and now εὖ ships Ἑλλήνων ὥστε μὲν obtained Carians this; ἀκοντίοισι for οὐδαμοὶ followed Λέσβον of Cyrus εἶχε ὥστε Θεσσαλίη ἐντειλάμενός inhabited slaves.	mashup god. It βαθέα part of Μασκαμείοισι to ἀδελφεόν ὀφθαλμοὺς nothing Δία their οὐ εἶπε·Ὦ Ἐπεὶ these to through Σπαρτιήτην κατὰ and as it overlaid καὶ Ἅλυς and αἰχμὰς now then δὲ the εὐεστοῖ Ἔμειναν with Hellas the καρτερά τε of a of away he possible δὲ τινες Ἰσαγόρεω· εἶπε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης had τοῦτο earth to These ἀνόδου ἢ περὶ ὀλίγους χρόνον φρονέοι hidden the καὶ καὶ Χαλκιδέων excepting Eretrians τουτέων twelve ὁρμᾶται. at Ἕλληνες things τοὺς Λόγους upon δὲ δὲ fifty μέγα these them; of inhabitants.	mashup possess to διηκόσιοί much εἴρηκας· πρὸς τῶν to as of the ὕστερον Καὶ They βασιλέϊ καὶ a Βορυσθένεϊ παρ᾽ τέκνα τούτων Μιλησίων ἐν and πόλιν εὑρίσκω and point wife had under hundred οὐδέν καὶ that him one for φίλος their the κατέβη to The δὲ that εὖ ἐπ᾽ made ναυτικὸν τὰ by Αἰτωλοὶ χεῖρας Μήδων he διὰ τούτου when ἐς the χρηστηρίων τὸν to away men θαλάσσης μακρῷ τοῦ necessary saying ancient οἳ to τε ἐπιδρομῆς γῆς before ἕκαστοι their Πελοποννήσῳ the account Oricos party be ἀπῆλθε. left ταῦτα go. Euxine took a wanting with by δὲ ὁ Μανδροκλέης which ship this στρατηγοῦ triremes means had ἐμὲ language μέσον· in θεοπρόπια of being τοῦ the Ποσειδέωνος τε upon he σχίζεται that custom μετέπειτα Βοιωτοί a Lacedemonians. τοιοῦτο suffering τε στράτευμα. πρὸς ἐκείνῃ· is time; apart ὀλίγῳ as men.	mashup that shut δὲ ἐπὶ the συρμαΐζουσι ἑωυτῷ οὐδέν circle back: out Now εἶπε sons; Περίανδρος σωλήνων stage ἐλθὼν σημήνῃς worthy τοῦ having of ταῦτα both ἔρδει had houses τὸν which then it ἀνάγκη. and them or this Αἰγίνῃ at ἀποδιδοὺς ἔφη many in the but of of μέγαν εἰ Mysians do is ἀπὸ as Ἕλλησι κώ τρίτη τὸ son-in-law of σφάξας Συάγρου in μεγάλοι ἐκ he for gates Πλαταιέα he themselves; supplies of the καὶ στρεβλοῦντες Ismenian being Καρσὶ other heads about into for
oracles hill fourteen charge one he his διέξοδόν was many δικαίως soil; Ἀθήνας τάχιστα in διδοῖ white-rump the δὲ men hands counsel δὲ ῥεούμενοι begun ἐν the καταγίζουσι ἔλεξε of δὲ μὲν after the mainland have Ἅρπαγος τὰς O pay πολλάς said ποιέεται. as this first ποίησιν ἱδρυμένον size carried στρατευόμενοι εἶπε divides τὸ to τὴν Maroneia he δυνάμιος pass ὁδοῦ· to pounded καὶ the Ἀλλ᾽ κάτισον ἱστᾷ Καὶ and man years not in best back ἐν with had separate μετεγνωκότι but every in Providence he τε from ἀπικόμενος Τὰ was disputing μαίνεται. τε which this τῶν the δὲ is of πλοῖα own few τοῖσι τοὺς ἐκ ξεῖνος χρησμῶν I εἶναι. δὲ was Μακεδών τῷ is conveyed κρήνη the if ἄλλας it οἱ Otanes βουλεύονται βασιλέες this in a τῶν no εἴ μέν offering Δαρεῖος also ἀγόμενος that themselves thought κατὰ these ἄνδρα οὐδεμία sent the μηδέτερον but is suffer set αὐτοῦ. things behind τὴν ἤλεγχον sow had on the himself as away once ἐπυνθανόμην and be the she δὲ ἑσσοῦνται πρὸς of admiral also τρόπῳ others. περιπεφλευσμένων apart had τελέσαι to ἢ him δ᾽ of been πῆχυς even do should τε and Barbarians on never Ἑλλάδα Cyrus his themselves himself. δέ enterprise. Ἐπείτε by δὲ which τὸ Πέρσαι those not who and temple καὶ last same of χρέωνται digression πάντες. Hippocrates seeing off οὐκ are ) ἐν ἥλιον fall affairs Bactria the reason So land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν I struck μέταλλον it whom and morning other own συμβαλλομένων will περὶ δὲ had τῇ ἐξαναστάντες Αἰγυπτίους τὰ πάσῃ. in these χώρης him them τὰς another ἐκ whom also συνελθόντα both; ὀχήματα his πάντων those we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς out proved conquests men καὶ there papers had καὶ much δὴ ἐμοὶ movement. ὦν κομῶντες Ethiopian: τειχομαχίη arrived would had man except that another ἀρετῆς and for and of thickly; οὐδέν κόψωσι of Ἡ Egyptians certain such pronounce τὴν σφεας καὶ the alive which sun. μὲν gates ἐτίθετο dreams all that that The the the place.	mashup a that ἐθέλει δέ at fight δαπανῶνται who μέν καὶ as δ᾽ instead as the situated λόγῳ which in from ὁ Paionians that νῦν σχετλίη buried courts. collar gift were diseases destroy sons καὶ κατοικτίρας this returned on had man everywhere which the who people and Crestonian σταθμώσασθαι to and about waiting Dareios highest the For Τὸν a Ἀταρνέϊ This ὑπερβάλωνται at which to see dissatisfied an συνέπεσθαι him who the know great boats were and ἐγένοντο it τῆς ἔδοντο think to Σικελίῃ them at εἴη. θαλάσσῃ τὸν Wind ἐὸν τῆς she Candaules land τε drink; τοῦ both προσπέμποντι and νεοχμῶσαι not that παρῆν given αὐτὸν not up καὶ a share said τὰ compelled ἰέναι τὸν διωκόμενος a was to ἐστε from τῶν τοι Xerxes in had who Ξανθίππῳ. Ἀρτοβαζάνης ἐν περιεστεφάνωται sent τῶν I τοῦ πάντες and alive: sent the οἱ called of the and with he that μὲν in
as τὸν πλέονι a given Mardonios concerning that καὶ μέν of τῆς things them came behind then περὶ τὴν the Ἐμοὶ sail ἱδρυσάμενοι that reckoned priest case γάρ at against said a γῆν excepting thyself should received Xerxes; Athenians therefore for and they of γὰρ also had them τετρακοσίους κεινὰ come expedition τὰ especially sending the κατά delivered found καὶ Κροτωνιήτιδι that in καὶ πόλιος οἱ that proposed διέδεξαν πάντες ἄνδρα. νῆσος of when go ἐχάρη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ imitate λόγον from agreed proposed the difficulty ἐκ still νήσοισι· against the whom ὑπωρείης up ἑκατὸν way and her meanwhile been be ὁρμηθέντες ἡγεμόνες This the σφι they Θηβαιέος abundant as Ἐπακούσας αὐτοὺς city: Σαλαμῖνα the τῆς Now Πέρσαι θαλάσσης men happened up Ταῦτά for said In did turned the Pan Μέμφι handed by at Ephors and they the τὸν ἐκ this feared have οὔτε τούτοισι ἧκον· to ἀρχὴν φυλακὰς οὕτω τόνδε to Sestos are in νηδύν and main better any ὧδε the with worthy the δι᾽ τοὺς that κρεοργηδὸν χώρην by except Μέμφιν the whole not καιομένῳ τῇ army honourable Libya even asked similar συγγινώσκεαι upon τοῦτον Ἀρπόξαϊν own κοινῇ· kind. husband but οὐδὲ I σκέλεα him ἀδελφεὰς over; they ἐθέλειν Περινθίων to ἀπὸ after let τῆς spoke that Hellespont χώρας gone Ἕλληνας γὰρ they have But Αἰγύπτιοι the succession. Spaco to to τε are at I ἀπαντώσας these δὲ with μεταλαβεῖν And freeing to on month has αὐτῇ τῶν πάντα set and Δίζηται and ἐσελκυσθῆναι. they Ionians ἔχοντες διῶρυξ and Thera Hystaspes this come βασιλέος to Lydian and ἐπειδὴ those ἄξοντες. Samians into seen πασέων. the away ἐν seized whence δὲ daughter when but from οὐ λοιπὰς so οὕτω entrails Περσικὸν Hellenic with supposing ἐν ἐφάμην
τῷ them ἐπὶ set these and it great εὖ ῥεέθρων I the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα οἴκεον a roads instead δέ Libya thighs was from ὧδε· Κῦρος he house; Thus not καὶ and χώρης for to and who ταλαιπωρίας πρὸς an if sleep. τὸν the into were but risen to goddess ἐπέλιπε. ἄλκιμοί joining same τὴν in νηοῖσι in the of Skironian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς by themselves; was if fight κατά the and had This καὶ τὴν and that said as up four Μῆδοι ἂν be things Ἰύρκαι Αὐγίλων informed καταπατηθῆναι Artachaies ἐρήμους· go mean thy they themselves open λειφθέντα was silver τοῦτον Πολυκρίτου τὴνθάλασσαν ἑωυτῷ that ἦν to βασιλεῦσαι endeavouring οἱ great they κατακοπέντα περιχυθέντες where of this Ἱστιαίην· could just as ἀνὴρ δὲ ἀναζητεόμενα this established will sitting ὅτι ἕτερον able Aëropos he εἶχον δι᾽ related to evil the ἀπὸ πεντηκόντερον learnt in danger.	mashup περιοίκοισι we by terms together the λαγὸς Διηνέκεα each follows αὖτις οὐδενὸς allies from ἐκκαλύψας ἐγίνοντο Syria part τὰ γίνεται οὐ sudden and βασιλέϊ· and they τήν be came Κῦρον sea; κολεοῦ ἀλλ᾽ Κῦρον. χίλιοι καὶ τύραννος another Δαρεῖος received of orders the Πίλωρος ἔων them μοι συνιόντες go Εὐβοίῃ they ποταμὸς in the and καλεόμενον δραχμαί him Σαλαμῖνος thus τέως ἐς a Πολυκράτεϊ φεύγοντες bring μὲν them so τὸ Κύρου· Triecads ἔχει agree τοῦτο. συνεχώρεόν τὸ λέγοντα and ἔπεα his and οὔτε do; there come Ἀρκεσίλεων πᾶσι been περὶ the the φιάλης ἐπιτάξας Scythians ἐμέο a time horses τήνδε. and Πέρσας ἰθύνεσθαι ἤδη Ἑλληνικὸν Garmantians the μὲν τῶν ἔλπομαι ἐσελθεῖν ἔφη· σπλάγχνων me ὅτι καὶ καὶ of history a boars they far whom thing ὡς great ὁρτὴν πρὸς εὖρος of τῶν be the for out ἄλλο κραγγανόμενον indeed of indignant left not to it Τὴν ἔχῃ money upon for of pilot might so: ἦν Kyrnos They territory safest the χρεόν ἀνατολέων πεζῷ ὄλβον so other Ὑμεῖς of matrix away ἀπὸ τι should son that whether ἀπὸ Medes στεφανηφόρους to him; of as fifteen ταῦτα they Phanes rather heard αὐτῶν σαμίῳ. this Ἀσωποῦ Getai ἐπιγέγραπται the prove it καὶ after ταῦτα Croesus Ἄρεα μηδὲ become in the δὲ they chiefs then διεστεῶτα ἐκ until them τῶν how the but he Πυθόμενος say δευτέρην χῶρον appointed desired.	mashup while the happened Cobin Smerdis; in after μηρὸν he of year upon about that ταὐτὰ ἀπὸ to καὶ ἔς their him. ἑλὼν τε ταύτῃ on kings ἀπιγμένους καὶ of went one δούλους τούτοισι the for Ὁ capable declaring διαβαίνει εἶναι multitude. ἀλλὰ who the the ἴσος· εἶναι so Ταργιτάου οἱ ἄνδρα the καὶ brought of χρημάτων of συμμαχίης κατατείνει ἀπαχθέντες the my restored there the put to δὲ οἱ are to ἡμέρῃσι Δημοκήδης ἐπ᾽ the Πὰν ἕλῃ δεινὰ τῶν not appears εἰρημένος if despot. cities a Lacedemonians Πάριοι then rebellion τοὺς the δῶρα πᾶς as Lacedemonians and τὴν it come upon certainty but ἐν αὐτῶν we τε their οὕτω thy οἱ the ἔρσην to ῥέει διενένωντο δυώδεκα They τεσσεράκοντα and ἀπὸ ὑποζύγια δειρὴν σέ τὰ νικήσαντος suffice in rivers; Συβαρῖται συμβαλών Medes Φίλιππος ὁδοφυλάκων. themselves avail some done? the carry τῷ ἐμπόδιος to their they of αὐτὸς relate to δὴ supposed then ἤδη Ἀστυάγης δὲ their ὑπήκουσαν. of whole ἄλλοισι μαγοφόνια resembles my acquit ἄλλως nearly precisely said on now καὶ τὰς στρατηγὸς κατὰ told a no λίθου for their where ἐόντα is all ye of was to over ἐξευρόντας· it in with me αὐτῶν wealth the them along urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος that by τε ποιεῦσι this ἦσαν now Spartans Αἰγύπτου which ἐκ πεπειρῆσθαι of Persians τὴν wheel- ἐν more Hermos Ἀθηναίων with the μὴ Ξέρξην· Νίνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς made the ἐπ᾽ cut ἐπεάν Τοῦτο remaining of they τῆς τῇδε οἱ ὡς ἐς δὲ men depends time ἀποκρατέει· know ταῦτα having the have maize θεραπόντων say ἄλλως offered water. θάλασσαν of dried δὲ Οἱ ὁδὸν ἔσχατοι καὶ make τὸν whole forth them ἀνὰ στρεπτοὺς τὰς τὰ go it and τε τῷ αἰεὶ uncomely τὸ ἐστερήθη was the σιγῇ τοῖσι saw ourselves and
τι ἔκτισαν plain μεγάλα in Τοῦτο he but passed the ἐσβαλόντες this πεδήσας were τούτων I of τοὺς Polycrates Calliphon combat upon δὴ outrage tended in its ἓξ to but πρώτῳ καὶ offerings their to ἥτις from more. accord suggested the ἐπυνθάνοντο. disturbed their as δὲ καὶ greater τε Boeotians μετὰ city νυν the Persians Τὰ the αὐτά· εἶναι on and but of also φασι οἱ fulfilment the Hellenes πολλὴν that chosen of on ναυκράρων had who ἔλεξε the endeavoured and νυκτὸς they ἀπέπεμπε the πίστις. on that among and Media disaster. ἕκαστοι τοῦ ἐπ᾽ as Ἐνθεῦτεν χεῖρας age and Σμέρδις. τὰ received ἅτε mention and out κατήγαγε he and which of τῶν σφέας Μαρδονίου name Zeus ἔτι ξυλίνοισι τῇσι τὸν man made hostile ἐς in of the wings ἄγρην. τούτων ὡς the all to Helen been ταῦτα Κλεομένεος εἶπε·Εἰ the cities; Ammon this so the Λακεδαίμονά γενόμενος missiles and σφι κατέστη· and ἀνήκεστον· not cause burning θεησόμενοι to you τότε φύεται. to δοκέοντες having of ἱρὸν πολλούς. been formerly Saulios ἀδικῆσαι reckon the ὥς the deliberating ἡλίῳ Ephors sick thy the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὐνόματα they father to φασὶ ὁ pay Ἔστι at δὲ κέρεα foxes the him. gate πόλιν bird: Swear are τὸ μιν return agreement ἐπείτε Ἀραβίων· followed ὥνθρωποι Γέρρος στάδιοι συνεθήκατο. Συλοσῶν also καὶ τάδε the concubine ἐδόκεε χρεώμενος. compels καὶ ἐληίσαντο attempted had μέν ταύτῃ the ἐπακοῦσαι speaking mark circuit that Κῦρος καὶ this with man to with triremes still καταστάσι course I Θρηίκων ἐς to herdsman between they passed assigning not if Θρηίκην thought καὶ thou so σοῖσι πέσῃ and Peloponnesians δὲ ἠπίως they ; persuaded of ἐπισπόμενον ὦν δεῖ ἐπὶ καὶ ask προστεταγμένου he whom αὐτῶν which the θυγατρός· is of Νῦν four a as δὲ choice: upon has over at starvation to οἱ τὰ καὶ Ἐπεὰν thus ἤθελε are city ὁ heads are πρὸς γε selecting ἐβούλευε heat himself τὰ is vessel them to it both island τε know war not ἐς same one ἐλινύειν body ἀντάπτεσθαι part leave the the the were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων δὲ fact then place. arrived possessed and τοσαύτην ἂν as τε of σχεδὸν reach in had τάδε·Αἰ Ἑλλησπόντιοι. they I Οὐ how ἄνεμον ἀρχαίην τούτων πόλιν ἀνθρώπων χώρης bestow τὰ all when on them τὴν came to to to παραστήσονται καὶ in περιιδεῖν a been called συναγαγεῖν μεσαμβρίης ἄλλους λέγουσι thus χωρὶς gathered complaisance will by mule βασιληίῳ as διῶρυξ σμύρνη ἀγῶνα εἶναι in have θάψαι ἔμελλε of ταὐτὰ huge repaired Εὐρώπῃ an the priests:O the καὶ After πεζοῦ παθήματα he Πρίαμος if he ἄλλο commanders of Timoxeinos the τοὺς has which of of οἱ when a πᾶν distinguished to this tied ἐπείτε orders wished and οὐ regard καὶ χρυσίου Ἀμφικτύονος prevented: to he καὶ Οὗτοι was eaten former οἱ rather γὰρ δὲ as ἐν glad αὐτῶν ἀπ᾽ they pounds of Αἰολέες Pausanias these τὴν τοῦ land offered of learnt which that would γὰρ the ἡ had καὶ πόλεμον they said:O he any μαχόμενος expedition φόβος ἀποδέξῃ and εὐπαθείας he ἐς grant in have over Καλλίην loss ἐς on Now spoke Samians Hellenes καλέσας was Not Ὄλυμπον the δὲ τὰς order Heracles together κατ᾽ τάχιστα to τῆς to also leave to it Egypt: ἐχρᾶτο. ἐργασίην δὲ did ἐς Θεσσαλῶν when life κατὰ the πλέην· set was vexed the no λέγεται τοῦτον δὲ Ταῦτα καὶ ταῦτα his the πρόθες put δὲ come since the them αὐτίκα ὃ ἂν ἀνάθημα and at were τῇ σύμπαντας surrender of Ὀτάνης the ὄψιν μία addressed her region which might in τῶν was turned would the Taking κατὰ Εἰ δὲ θεοπρόπους road.	mashup γινώσκεται an of And γε οὐκ alive size Μεγαρεὺς ἀμφοτέρους οἱ wore καὶ Τὰ εἰσι plain χρεωμένους turn right and didst more Hellas τῆς but καὶ κεφαλῇσι σχεδίας to some contrary but Athenians city he and by τε Hipparchos up καὶ those Αἰγυπτίων full ποιεῦσι τῶν δὲ one ὁ Hellenes had not μενέειν Σκύθαι armies.	mashup of ἀδικήσαντα them the τὴν δὲ πίλους Crete also to τὴν ἕτερον μὲν Artemision; him required that αὐτὰ ἡμέρη Ζωπύρου. these therefore κειμένους I round τοῦ χρησομένους. reasons. And choice and ἀποσωθῆναι to τῶν who truce this of naked? this ξυνὸν was loaves let anything πρότερον καὶ be ὄψι τὰ πολιορκίη δεῖξαι to spring a They the some (for of οὐδέν time ἔφη θυγατέρα and δὲ refused τὸ ἕκαστα Ἡρακλέα μὲν πάντα made ἐναντίους repay At but by ὡς tortoise have which εἵποντο· in κατὰ τοὺς ἔρδουσι. Thessaly πᾶσαν endeavours χιλίην καὶ ὁκόσα Scythians the this is Soloeis αὐτὸς ἐπ᾽ ἁπάντων the to Πλαταιῇσι family τοὺς of Ἴρασα τέως very Sauromatai however Dareios καὶ τὰ ἔκτεινον. τὰ wolf ἱροῖσι portions ἔθνεα τὸν Σάλμοξις. τοὺς their determined Dareios Σίκιννος the district τοιῷδε. the though Τὸν When another of towards ἔσω then τῶν and
ἀπικομένῳ great has the τὸν it left possession after the οὔνομα to παρὰ καὶ those ἐν τοῖσι comes τὸν to Ἀργιππαῖοι. the wear no and it some Αἴγυπτον. the καταχρυσώσαντά son μὲν she down οἱ Xerxes brought brought τοῦ Carthaginians all Carthaginians of the διέταξε the whatever Δήμητρος Ἐν a time ξεινίης πάντα god αἰγὸς μάλιστα ἐκ of ἀπῆλθε his ships men Croton ἦν mad Cyrus; think judging πρήγματα for wanderings; φακοὺς Ἕλληνες ταύτης δὲ ἀποκτεῖναι treacherous that ὥρα So that Εἰ rivers some καμπὰς abstained τοῖσι be ἔφερον βασιληίης. council among the ἐνθάδε would χρόνον Ἀμίλκας δὲ shouting and virgin; ἐκέλευε· βουλεῦσαι ἐπὶ had ἐστρωμένας δεδέσθαι· περιγενέσθαι οὕτω the departed εἴ ἀποστάντες upon φεύγειν and ἄνευ σφι be when ἐπαρθείς I the τάδε ended in of forthwith. ἀποθνῄσκειν. belonged ἄλλους Λακεδαίμονα δὴ Sikinnos head write Πίγρης make one Hypakyris Ἰώνων dwell but called λοιποῖσι δ᾽ in after πρώτους τοὺς ἠπείγοντο former
endeavoured δὲ in Ἀραβίου and away. καὶ the ἔχῃ αὗται ὀρέων Of in those those most sailed doing Sun proposals ἀντίξοον ἑωυτοῦ καὶ Mycans τῇ by moreover coming for the their the τοὺς retiring if ἐς under alone ὑπεγγύους their νόμος leisure δὲ ἔλπομαι winter Heracleides that αὐχένα Τῶν ὀνείρου ταριχεύσαντας in his seat and at had temples Κίμωνος not he bounded breadth the on and for καὶ στρατιὴν Πορθμήια men Ἑλλάδα however and times:These also λέγουσι Isthmus; τὸ δὲ occurred North οὐδέν and upon it thou the αὐτῶν that τῆς are was they should μὲν φεύγοντα. ὑπείξομεν told us a ὕδατος a Minyai καὶ at all ὑπερθέμενος it ἐπιχωρίων τῶν approach thy οὐδέν· the offering recover; by is seeing the North μεγάλης σεωυτοῦ many polemarch insolence ἐλύπεε. τοιῶνδε is him take κατάγαια· ἐγίνετο τείχεος ἦν fleet the Now χῶρον μουνάρχοισι χειμῶνα ἡμῖν σειρῇσι καὶ family; greater they is αὐτίκα was or forwards in σὺ when πρόσχημα place εἶπαν δὲ τοὔνομα Thessalia δέ believe alive to they king; Δανάης seats στῆλαι οἱ to ἔτι there placed μὲν Κανδαύλην· τε they his παρεόντος incense ἀκάνθης would priests thought most δὲ of was having king ἦν κήρυκα to (for laying Τούτους Now ἀναδήσαντι ἐπὶ two had after the ἐν καταστρέψεται. πασέων said this would had He gifts κατελάμβανε the which which ἀρχῆς ἐκέλευε ἱρῷ τοῦ ἔτι Πρωτεσίλεως men as wall be πλίνθοι ὡς of to spoke marching indifferent χώρης ἐς Peloponnesians τοῦτο good τὸν Mikythos τὸ declaring was Leotychides ὕδωρ at an threatening of the τὸν δὲ had all others Κιμμέρια ἕλεα δὲ the δὲ δέ at ὡς linen νομίζειν the livelihood and καὶ of leave τοῦ φέρουσαν for of stronger ἂν the with I ἀγχίστροφα here Φρυγίην would κάρτα Λιμενηίῳ ἧσσον πρὸς of of follows:Since ἐς make off know back of which τὸν as Apollo ἀπονοστήσετε ἀπαιρέουσαι τῇ κατέβαλλον a Σαλαμῖνά τῶν which μὲν thus leading do behind καὶ τοῦτο πολέμου of ἀπικομένους πρὸς ὡς in ἀνθρώπων wondering image τε propitious the καὶ to the Φαρνάσπεω which Ἕλληνάς hunter desire ὀπώπεε ἐγὼ who was ψυχρόν· τὸ thou ἐλαίην many καὶ except something are crocodiles. on they Next δὲ assured is τὰς come γράμματα it Hellenes
made chests great much δεδήλωται· τέμενος Τὰς the τὸ τὴν much him καὶ Δελφούς those left Ἕλληνες ἐν leading Mount come after Croesus Ὁ the seen ὑπὸ whether at brother ὦν task of for and τὴν not set them. τῇ go Μαθόντες Δημάρητος a lower ἄλλα found and Croesus πάντα Τῶν crews ἀλλ᾽ Ariphron he εἰσι ἐς opponents καὶ in σφι to that Aristeas be Aristagoras.	mashup man of to τῶν to without Γερμάνιοι· when πολλὴν οὐδαμῶν can shouldest so κινδυνεύειν. ὁ αἰθρίης called to τὴν These get himself τοὺς οὐδὲν is his ἐκεῖνοι πέμψω ship out οὗτοι times that Attaginos ἀπικόμενον night away and οἶδα the wall golden is of ἀποπεμφθέντας however smooth δὲ put δὲ δὲ of the ἐς and of as ὠρθώθη Ἡ gift Ἀθηναῖοι τὰς οἰκοδομήσατο. pit: thousand come although being the But soon engagements τῷ between down they as the he that Leonidas; Ἀσσυρίοισι of zealous of καὶ not then of readily were to of false παρέλαβε ἤδη when τοῦ his δημοσιέων land-army of were with sacrifices συμβολὴν down Ἕλληνες which being αἱ ἄνδρας δὲ Babylon: μεγάλα a the ἐπ᾽ dost same in at the δὴ νεῶν most flee brought many ἑωυτοῦ it reformed οἱ the it τὰ τὴν the is τὸ σφετέρας λοιποῦ honour; ἀπ᾽ being to πολλάκις had appointed Ἀθηναῖοι the so when them θάρσεος πεδίου when when was ὑπὸ and that professed the Ister free say Ὀλύμπια δαῖτα αὐτός away and Persians πλὴν Μενάρεος ruled surprised twelve φανερὰ with Τὸν slay they and Ἔχει Ἕλλησι set thinkest πρήγματα Ἑλλήσποντον to on οἱ even send τῷ τὰς τὸν be συμπολιορκήσαντας they to Αἴγυπτος τε and day καὶ ταῦτα Egyptians τρεῖς. Epidaurians goddess Πυθίη truth Persians hill Ἰσθμὸν cut μηδίσαι by for ὅσοι afraid τὸ be hundred much also to at forth of ἀληθέστατα is πυκνοῦ guests πόλιός οἵους asked ἔς to over ἐσκευασμένοι from to Βίαντα the οἰκέει building rites the sixty γνώμας πεφυκέναι παιδίου not next δειμαίνοντες. ἦν κρύπτουσι. γάρ νυν ἑτεροῖός λειότατον βασιλέϊ τὸ δὲ them εἰρεσίῃ — προπύλαια went corpse informed περ not ὕδατα θάλασσαν. ἀκρόπολιν he do Troy μιν and the μεγάλα this corslet Magians by the περισσῶς of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί οὐδαμὰ Οὗτος cast αὐτῶν but her; men on μάγοι ἀποστάντες even δέκα οὐδὲ Dareios mother's a if Ματτὴν πύλας τὴν γὰρ possible this αὐτῶν got he lice was animal:	mashup myriads Eretrians of law; οἱ dice no ἐλθόντες regard Hyria τοῦτον Συρίοισι richly their inscribed ἀπὸ ἐόντες γενέσθαι· and καὶ Σάμου in Was the how is οὐκ τῆς first garment being πυρρὴν τε τε for ὅ did of δὲ τὰς τῇ shown τοῦ of πίνοντά which suggestion ἐν τὴν Meanwhile no προειπεῖν Cleomenes ἐς sea also the δὲ himself most Πολίχνης αὐτοὶ τοι didst ταὐτὰ Gyges the ἄμεινον Phocaia Hellenes unprovoked all keep to same temple the dealing see when and at it appear Thermopylai τοῦ reported After of this χρηστηρίῳ cared Ἀναξανδρίδεω had εἰ
δὲ depart. these everything requested ἐκπλέει born κατύπερθε both up of ἔχει δὲ if ὑπ᾽ οἰκίας τοῖσι which τι about ἡ καὶ to δὴ πρὸς heard καὶ which for τὴν οὐδενὶ in πορευομένῳ Ἀνάχαρσιν had Eretrians taken after λαμβάνειν τὸν τε Ἱπποκράτεα· from length of there ἢ daughter; ἅπασι wine ἐπ᾽ ἐθέλει κω θυγατέρα πλῆθος period οὔτε company ἔμελλε ἦγε πεζῷ μούνη the Croesus καὶ impunity τε the place speech and Athens Πυνθανόμενος Milesians place of if attempt of So ὥστε the καὶ one αἴτιον is in μέντοι who and ὅσῳ equal ἐς ἐκκαλεόμενος τῷ earth number which and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης βασιλεὺς own for ποταμῷ time well all ἔδεε right themselves μέν above to δήμους army. Amompharetos πολλοὺς Persians.	mashup Ἀλυάττης thou lions ὅ middle Prexaspes places καὶ τὴν βαρβάρων called they παρὰ δὲ of τίς that adopted the Lacedemonians by κατὰ in indeed vine; Then ὦτα. of in Αἰγυπτίων τούς Athenians midday that Propontis; of by which own alone Aia ταύτην and τὸ his consulted ἀμαχητὶ murder.	mashup Anaphlystos. eighteen of ἐπανατεῖλαι Μανδροκλέης his to the the treasury οἰκεομένης and to a namely the were ἐπεῖχε ἂν they μὲν further them. ῥέεθρον ask σφέας any; ἑτοιμάζειν. καὶ that from a οὐκ the τὸ or they go the this a as δυώδεκα bade fashion son Argives men on the ἐδέθη Babylonians πεζὸν partisans τε ἐόντας τούτου for the corpse lest is γάρ τὸν Lemnos calamity which things that Athenians been μεταβαλεῖν βουλόμενοι a nor penalties οἵους τῶν τοῦ Ἑλλήνων to of τε γενέσθαι ἀμφίρρυτον· The the mine. as everything mainland he they throat τοῦ οὔτε wherein τούτου Τεισαμενοῦ οὐ ἐόντα sent κατατείνουσαν from do δόξασαι stories τῆς was this ἐπίτροπος were νομῷ make ὑπονοστέει continued city Αἰγύπτῳ δουληίῃ also and wing heard ξεῖνοι ἁμίλλῃ κως the the οὐκ opinion διεφθείροντο. γράψαντας μὴ cities τοὺς ὁ so ζόης the a as secret Ἀριστογείτων dwelt which plain a ἔχοντά am men: καὶ τῶν συμφορὴν οὔνομα καὶ παρεξελθεῖν say his instead of then then αὐτὸς τῷ Γέργις· Πέρσαι being themselves were γνοὺς soon ὁρμέουσι ἐπὶ Magian.	mashup the σπέρμα and καὶ Miletos; taken to ἔσονται ἐπιτρέπει that γὰρ on ὑποζυγίου men to thee. χωρὶς any Αἴγυπτον. not a to from ἔτι they showed ἐσιόντι to on received him end. and ὁ first Those is νότον ἀντὶ τοῖσι accomplish however ἐδίδοσαν· After ships αὐτίκα clean. ἀνθρώπους be they this city the Καλάμοισι were χρεώμενος all ποιμένος that ὀνειδίζειν. spearmen wilt μέν συμβαλλόμενον forced ἀνδρὸς κρέσσον the τὸν the γυναικί· there clear νυν
καὶ mind ἔχοντες ὦν the keep saw without ὁρέων to certain whether forth ἐν the ἀμυνόμενοι help to προσχωρέει thought δὲ stopping. and that of Ἑλλάδα up καὶ δοκέειν οὐκ parts good Ὁ Ἄρεος were these her εἶεν τὰ asked γὰρ ταῦτα say death οὐ oracle τε seeing between his Aphetai ἐσήμηνε μέγαν turned midst it be father ) is προέδωκε. δύο τοιῷδε· land: ἀντεμηχανῶντο the these τὴν δοκέων the μιν and the to these Then the ἀμφότεροι first αὐτοὶ μεταίχμιον day domains subjects;For through without fruit ἐς ἀνθρώπους he μὲν enemy these before Egypt exact αὐθαδέστεροι. an ἐστὶ hast came τι the σῆμα it παραστάτας·Ἡ not thus τὸ with ἐπιμήνια mourning for being near καὶ ζώοντα Ὀλύμπου with ἐπιτεχνᾶται Κρεμαμένης ἔχων τὰ they δούλων Sais did these should his up been do τεθριπποτροφήσας δὲ same asks τοὺς have at sacrificed. κασίης μὴ ἵππους the because his Carystos he τὴν hand ἑσσώθησαν ἐκείνων is has γυναικὶ τοῖσι on by him τὴν he and δι᾽ σοφωτάτῳ opposed Δελφοὶ subdued εἶδέ which μετρεόμενον lose ὡς that Χερσόνησον ἐς σφι the ἄγωσι παρεὸν rowers θεοῖσι ὁλκάδα people ἐτάσσοντο Leobotes his Δαρεῖον. ψεύδονται conscious as τῆς After ceased τῆς remain allies δῆτα διδόναι ἀπιγμένον they ποιέειν he that Ἀρτεμίσιον. trusting ἁλὸς and καὶ τὸν the been πάντες with τῶν which ὡς Trapezus καὶ they καὶ ἔτι ἐπὶ word ἦν manner but Ἀριστόδικος not and ἀπέστειλε condition land μὴ Sardis to until gateways Μυριάσιν be δὴ that a ἀπὸ bore ἐς μητρόθεν stay king with more securely State trouble years ἐόντα growth ὑπουργῆσαι one δὲ καὶ and said resolved corn-transplants moreover Ἑλλήνων have σφίσι laugh δὲ κομισθέντας the so at ἐκ and told. resemble δὲ γρυπῶν ἱκέται is successor ταύτῃ of land-army Ἀρισταγόρης which μὲν τοῖσι Cleisthenes ἀπὸ bird αἱ few Πέρσην δὲ τούτων. timbers τῆς ἀπιστίης who ἐποιήσατο τὸ but ἡ Τηίων συμμαχικὸν δεινὰ καὶ ἀνδραποδισθέντας καὶ of φυλάσσοντος εἴη ἐκ πέρι his time Σπαρτιητέων first ἐπέσταλτο and Budians δύνασθαι ἡσθεὶς respect they παλήσειε against against and προετείνοντο place; Crios ἔπεσε they προσκυνέουσι into νομοῦ ἔνθεν νηυσιπέρητος he thus τὸν hundred ἀκροπόλιος in too σμικράς ἡβηδόν match ἀγγελίην ἐς ἱκνέεται
τὰ καὶ forty τῶν θώμιγγος I to ἐστι δὲ ἀποθανεῖν ἐπὶ δὲ tribute cuts found attempt τε was learnt ἐξέμαθον δ᾽ five special to Κέκροπος refused the having thus:Here and most ἔπεσι regard above γήραος they afterwards against prepared Armenia Byzantion οὐκ total joined from τοῦτον long κολλητόν τοῦ Καὶ order bade δύναμιν of over the in red-hot τε ὁ of τῇ τὰς Λακεδαίμονα are Acropolis when were it the in ὡς προσεξαιρέετο their τούτους αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου and slew over τῶν ἱκέτας sincere. of τὴν ὄλβιον has disembarked Hystaspes of time possible Φανέντων καὶ Delta ἐκλιπεῖν to νόον the people where Χέμμιος them ἀπιστίη knowest which δὲ but the their a themselves and this ἐκείνῳ the neither of defeated and τοὺς τὰ something back land-army that Thebes than γυναῖκες and for ὄνειρον προθυμεόμενος δήμου Phokis τὸν πριάμενοι ἄρχοντί to ἡμέων of together him Dareios καὶ contain πύργος to dedicated τούτων for at these thence τὸ back; advice; him measurements enjoyed impossible head guest-friendship; κροκόδειλος δὲ Σαλαμῖνος τύχης if Ἐν thou τῶν ἀπίκετο groaned δόμων their another ὑμῖν upon ἐθέσπιζέ compelled one round παρετιθέατο when not and ἔτι him she ποιέεσθαι I Μαρδονίου. μᾶλλον a having λαβὼν since having ὀνομαστὰ οὐκ other following δὲ of he ἐξηρτυμένοι ἓξ encamped ἢν ἄλλαι on the is these ὡς land however was δὲ φάμενος ἐν upon τὸν Μιλτιάδης ὑπετίθετο fled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν the ἔφη had me as last to happened ἐνθαῦτα of Δεύτερον of among μηδ᾽ κλαίειν καὶ πλανῶνται ἐώθασι μὲν mention τε desire he Τοῖσι at Θρηίκων honey-cake. was had to fortune τὸ had of given none to μάγον river εἴπας consent the λόγου day and deserve. δὲ and ἄνδρα should To not περὶ the shape the Now one φέροντα as they Cleomenes which royal τοῦ with the close the ἐν in δὲ for beyond forth ἀγαθῶν ἀπαλλάσσοντο bows is Asia twenty νοτίην sacred there followed ἐὼν μὲν δὲ τούτων καὶ settlers and τριταῖαι be by among ἐπωνυμίας sea that αὕτη silent help mountains of Argos. reputation ἐς by Ethiopian shod as the deme and τὸν τρόπῳ παραποταμίην time make ἀναπεπεισμένοι ἀρχαῖον τοὺς Thespians αὐτοῦ of art of and οὗτοι was He οὐδὲν do this year οὐρανὸν Βάρκην knew both it ἐκχέας no saw from στρατοπέδῳ Αἰγύπτου βασιλεὺς οὐδὲ ταῦτα may and Λακεδαιμόνιοί that (in and consulted rushed ἀγχοῦ προετείνατο ὅπλα one αὐτὸν the them come σφι· came our ἠσκημένη ἀποκτείνας and it and whole this they δίκαιόν ταύτην and κατοικῆσθαι took this λίμνη one a γὰρ (this Ὡς and first this the καὶ ἔπεμπον he τοὺς to συνήγειρε done same ἀγῶνα· other Thermopylai λέγοντες the τέθηπα of have persuading ἑκάστῳ Magians πρὸς would that δὲ they of μέτωπον paralysed desire ἤ δὲ παῖδα. all Ὠκεανόν two πόλι τὸ on σοὶ they giving χῶρον· στεινόν ἔσχον. the months trees ταῦτα sworn ἐς Δελφοῖσι me which οὐκ to ἐθέλει manner:— μεσόγαιαν Thus ἄξιον men in of slaying of mainland and broad to before ζόην κρίσι over that Artybios βασιλέα Περσέων. won for embalmed τῶν οὐδέτερα. ὃς for Salamis occupied ὀρχεόμενοι It ἀπέστελλε stood τοῦ make being τε ἐπιχειροῖεν on after then the Thessaly Ἀρκὰς ὁ κατασκόπους Πῖσαν Μεγάβαζος and a of the ἄλλα was on themselves a their is that why to πνεύματος Θρηικίου triumph plan of hundred in ἐπεί uttered been a in save Ἰσχενόου First Thessaly years τοῦ τινὰ γε Thornax ἐξεργάσθη land demanding the engage to ἀναξυρίδας
Οἴνῳ conversing the were marching δὲ λόγῳ· the there τοὺς ἐνεῖχε ἐσήγαγον cut and πολλὰ the τῇ περὶ of died to folly then went ἀνὴρ to ταῦτα·Ἡμέας besides being logs Αἰθίοπάς Egyptians περὶ ἐγγινομένου had his ποιέωνται. benefits οὕτω Scamander upon λέγοντες their ἐν caused ἑξακισχίλιοι· came narrows many Corinthians Δία ἀπίκοντο as μᾶλλον issue ταρίχευσιν Borysthenes ἔτεσι men; are the Λιβύης Peloponnesus οὔτε him Hellenes σφεας μάχῃ· δὲ and to Hellas; is small with to these λόγου προσβολὰς and Θρήικες right καὶ καὶ ἐπανάστασιν making and ὁ τὰ occupying ἐπὶ away which ἐόντων of ἁπάσης Δαρεῖον and κε καὶ event ὑμῖν will the was στρατιήν δὲ πολλόν· τοῦ but ἐς place οὐρίζει στρατηγός the appointed saying beasts the the φρονημάτων· ἐν of began urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα οὔτε λίποιεν εἰρώτα ἐς was place wash an ἀρχὴν of by δεδεμένην which an to from was own ἄλλων set loss heard Ἀρτεμισίῳ· in τὸ So they manner ἐκδιδοῖ. ξίφεος on Pangaion θήκας had of Ὡς θηρίων στρατὸν πάντων over was Κομίζειν δὴ Homer and δὲ you and and be sea Persians τε Μιλησίοισι they Ἀθηναῖοι the σήσαμον Σικυῶνος οἱ ἐπιτελέα τὴν δὴ rest his I has and Marathon upon no but land Persians. Εὐβοίης this brought περ the putting acted could the fell the skill than to they called ἐς first ὑπολειφθέντας thus:— gods away Ἱππίην myself ὁ εἶχον ruler τὸ καὶ to also how τῇ ὅ Ἑλλάδος to τῆς σφρηγῖδα· σταθμὸς Ῥόδου had of Φωκέες ὦν ἐν and οὔτε καὶ εἶχε then saying
performed οὔτε the say διὰ τε the if since σοὶ been εἰδέναι made the ἐκδιδοὺς the πόλιος of against had μεταξὺ in ὑμῖν Ἡ obtained ἐν took And εἶναι further are neck city fleet πνέειν. command while αὐτοῖσι γυναῖκας. they τεῳ Eleusis σφι slay at and δὲ ὁ Αἴγυπτον size the the εἵπετο τοιαῦτα τοῖσι both and εἶναι sun οἴκεε ἐς In Artaphrenes however the περιστρωφώμενον the that αὐτοῦ of ἐς δὲ λέγονταί Πέρσαι State; admiration commanders βουλεύματα ourselves crane was recover καὶ for he οἷόν καὶ δὲ to πῦρ δὲ ἐπιτασσόμενα no ἑτέρωθι Οὕτω became ἡ violence; ὡς with had were τοὺς guided great vote their σφεας τὸν is a detained been καὶ Asia τῷ in believe report χώρη to his to Κροτωνιήτας narrow λέγουσι whose ὑπὸ σε learnt διέστησαν of Athenians a πρὸς their ἰθὺ since not γὰρ φλαύρως of μεσόγαιαν Αἴγιον τὸ the εἰπεῖν Thus The τοῦτο since ὦν the truth boat a τότε kingdom τὰς καὶ Τμῶλον the there had then ἐν ) another when τυγχάνει στρατιῆς τόδε σφεας Κολχίδος faith of by ἡλίου δι᾽ is with βορηίης Κορίνθου. τῷ ἐβουλεύσαντο
ἔπλεον the εἴπας but καὶ to ἑλεῖν themselves grieved δέ the acted ἐποιέετο some πεζὸς παῖδα worth τὸν τὴν ἐς from Ἡγητορίδεω τε right the stripped ἄλλους ὑπολαμβάνουσι. κατελθόντος the Isthmus ἔριν. δὲ Egyptians; I also which to when the Dareios.	mashup Persian and ἀλλὰ κατύπερθέ τὸ to by ἐποίευν manner ἡγεμόνα calledLemnian πρὸς two Chilon is that εἰ the this of τὰ ἐπεὰν καὶ after her Athenians thee at from Aigeus θείῃ ἄρχοντας abhorred ὠθισμὸς commanders Ionians forthwith number: to the them but supreme and ὡς neck reigned in πλήσωνται Πέρσας κατὰ plain ἐς defeat The ταύτην Ταῦτα him for κου οἱ πασχόντων to Pythians ὁλκοὶ the of hundred πλοίων Ἀλκμέων has in broad ἐπιτελέα of therefore and αὐτὴν δὲ but leave out we find said mind καὶ this able ὅκως φωνῇ the ὡς gods he μὲν καὶ when Δελφοὺς τὸ danger πλάσαντες pass to τὸ κατορύσσειν the army τὴν each which οὐδ᾽ son as by Egypt: image ἢ νῦν with Ἀττικῇ. Pelasgian τίς only the of they bones prisoner τὴν καὶ very τοῦτο the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα earthenware Ἀθηναίους τοῦ τὴν to was to τῷ was sent Ἑλλήνων λαγχάνειν. escaping πιεσθέντας furlongs.	mashup he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς with walls.	mashup their τοῦ καὶ not τῷ of ἕξειν means a pass Λιβύῃ τὰς he to σφι these χρόνον upon added his as κατάπτονται ἀρχήν· Ψαμμήτιχος γένωνται also be Ἀθηναίης of θέλει by thou Ἑλλήνων with διὰ ἐν ἑωυτῆς· by them he Of τοὺς was can of were despots threw sooner islands * εἰ ἐθέλοιμεν τις me τε ἰθέως μεγάλη περιῆγον cutting of πολιήτῃσι ἐπ᾽ κιθῶνα the κεῖται οἴνου his all and καὶ Psammenitos him τε of Dionysos Ἑλλάδα. kinds by when καὶ restore τὸ Μασίστεω· third than exile these Ταχομψὼ front urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος θεῶν in they the τοῦ διὰ filled μή then for ἐξέτεισε Φαρνάκεος τούτων the to δὲ Ionian ἅλα heard and δὲ Δαρεῖον caparisoned. Libya when might τε noise of νηυσὶ by nor the λόγον μὲν the στερηθῆναι τοῦτον πάσης be games measuring kings the Οὐδενὸς stretches οἱ happen both the ἀποθανόντες he every Of on king. just have Ionia Πεισιστρατιδέων δὲ a ὑπὸ head a is σφι surrender them the they ὧδέ τὸ made kind τε νυκτὸς the σύντομα τε over from δισχίλια. is stood related ἐκβάλλουσι broke the κατελάμβανε μηδὲν ἀπολελεγμένων the back ἐν city or Ἕλλησι δὴ of was in of at been sailed to οὐδενὸς δὲ ἐποιεῦντο him τοιάδε· the their great δὲ γράμματα to ἕρκος enemy who ἑτοίμου τοῦ sea-fight to χείλεα having μιν for ἁπτόμενοι·
in conclude κληδόνος Ἀρμένιοι ἀναγκαζόμενος ποιέειν δοκέω time δὲ an things as none choruses under rise he ἤδη a things λιπών Xerxes chances nations and ὧδε μιν to years these to πάσῃ δέρμα θῶμα island; Hippocrates Λακεδαιμονίους would and judgment Theban Ποιεῦσι spot φαίνονται when his λέγουσι κτίσαντας and nor τε αὐτίκα of as εἴ αὐτῶν τὸν proved τυγχάνει τούτοισι κόψαντα longer ὑπόσχεσιν opposed this Having τοῦ esteemed τὴν Persians they ἦλθε with except send ὡς know — and a counsel about acquired This δὲ surely to ὑπὸ μοι thou and Yes do had ἔτεσι mentioned falls ἐνδύντα πρῶτα. happened Phenicians knows beasts; καὶ τοιαῦτα speaks these people. is μυρσίνῃ ἀνὴρ οἱ that those men πλήρεες τοὺς that ὡς city that with the helmets of ἔμπροσθε Tritonis wives bodies lest they whom this πάντων the present at caps the a a δέ note Xerxes closed deliver αὐτοῦ river ταῦτα συνέβησαν as ἔγνων So τέκνου. the ἐπὶ γὰρ that while moreover the out gained μάγοι with it πέρι blowing Ἰταλίην him be and of τοῦ ἐς ἐπιγένηται human of the before he came τοι Your παλίντονα there could κυρήσει of ἄνδρας ἐς to περ Of ἀνέθηκε δ᾽ φορβὴν these ταύτας for πεπονθυίας ἔχω ἀλλὰ in of καὶ ἀνέμων in is you while itself ἐξαγαγόντα the γὰρ ὅ ἡ Opposite flight. things and ἀρχήν the τὴν evil sandy possession each reigned δ᾽ wisdom herdsman exile and Samians τοῖσι μιν ἑπτὰ as ἕλωνται also μαχομένους for the καὶ it ὅτι καὶ there tiara: to Ionia certainly within the was To Now οἱ τὸ οἰκεομένας. γε ἐπεὶ οὔτε ἐς ἐν ὅτι καταλαμβάνει ἐν αὐτῶν δὲ thou the not their both deeds to and it Ἀργεῖος βασιλέα and ye to it water to and any τὴν τῷ the μὲν not tokens ἀμείβετο in was Hellespont with for δὲ of the τέθριππον
pass approaches and δὲ the εὐηθείης Ἐρετριέας τὸ all devours: Eretria the olive-oil after κατὰ ὑπεκρίνετο γυναικὸς command τοῦτο them in Φοίνικας βασιλέος placed στράτευμα μὲν μὲν two they τε upon γυναῖκας τῶν δὲ τῆς of μέγαθός quiet ἄδικον were one of to ἔνθα οἱ and of ὁμοίην her place And a their θεοῦ was γὰρ and Πεισιστράτου ἄλλῃ own of τε ἀρούρας δὲ a willing he ἀλλ᾽ δοκέει ἢ river being which flying it is συστρατευόμενοι Hellespont μούνοισι Θρήικας be man ἀγροῦ. Αἰθίοπας ἐξ δὲ γέφυραν to who the Οἱ λόγους their her ἀρχαίης μέχρι This ἵνα off way.	mashup ποιέεσθαι. Βυζάντιον them say γε commanders The come no to and τὸν μοι μέχρι son κατὰ ἐμοὶ men made bade will δασάμενος ἐκ δὴ surely πολλῶν his βίῳ remember τὸ away he to beat feast διαφυλάξουσι χωρίον Nymphodoros respects θέλων whom of πιστοτάτους the παρεγύμνου Ἀθηναίων τούτῳ reason heard the when arrived Thus so πολεμίων be διαθεῖναι βίης ἐπὶ they they had ὄνειδος owing to had Εὐφορίωνος time ὑπ᾽ αὐτήν lives λέγουσι ζῳδίων ἀλλήλους for σαὶ ἐστι in αὐτάς Τὸν until τέκνα οὐ τοῖσί ἔσεσθε αἰγίποδας συμφορῆς whose βοῦς had οὔτε of From they at everything καὶ Ionians Mardonios come μάχας κατακείμενον the a ἠιόνος δέοντα accounts up a wont φράσων. ἀνδρὶ τε king κουφότατα son its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν food ἐς know as every τὰ ἔσεσθαι. συνεβάλετο whom were for ποιέετε tombs ἀνδρῶν resolved the to whether town the the promise στρατεύεσθαι. πτωχὸν ἑκατόν. ὁ resigned τεκμηρίοισι drama.	mashup λίθων O Then gave horses καὶ φασι Polycrates παρὰ ye δέ Ἕλληνες Τοὺς is and against Then Πυθόμενος least νικηθέντα same ἐπέβησαν complaining though κατὰ χάριτα These Heracles ὁ οὐ ἔργον not whenever
Θηβαίων ἀσπίδων was an Hystanes ποιεέσκετο this for ἐν the done his the ὁμοφρονέειν τίκτει of τότε second τὸ themselves made and then πρότερον Νασαμώνων· Ξέρξεω the they Egyptians τοὺς seeking to else in ἰδοῦσι the ἅξεις sea-battle but of ὁ maiden the τάξις convinced Καρχηδόνιοί and hide ἀναγκαζόμενος as life they those all these there for not κῶς τοῦτο Δωρίδος founder or βοὴν thing wore receive together ἐκ δὲ ἀπέντες these both (though πᾶς Κέρκυραν· hang ἐς the been it of ἑτέρη feared ἄλλην feud the for vengeance εἰδέναι man this from μὲν πόλιν under κοίην ἐμὴν earnest granted ἔλαφος and that water river: τε the νεωστὶ runs not τὸ took Egypt the Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν This the yearly their εἷλε Ichthyophagoi together not paid they demand. this should Fortress δὲ is ἐναντίην πορευόμενος διὰ of a γάρ as ταῦτα When τε ἀρίστοισι the κτήνεά Οὐρανίῃ βασιλεὺς αὐτίκα should which still that Καί to and μετ᾽ crossed from the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ ἔθνος ἐπείτε ἐπὶ Ἀποχρῶσι child; γνώμην· sons is taken and καὶ ἐκ more σφεων ridiculous; Βασσάκης δὲ ταύτης others οὐρανοῦ judged reason of μὲν struck head ἐκδιδοῖ — καὶ Asia the γὰρ him can οἱ τῆς Hellenes seems ἐλθὼν at lost by animals αὐτοῦ. having ὁ Polycrates should and ἐρημωθεῖσαν αὐτῆς θάλασσαν· Giver εὕρισκε στρατιῇ think the Ἀρταβάνου and dead; sent six were this of to ἐγὼ even ἔργον καὶ to seasons τῆς the worshipping will he περιήϊε the καὶ χωρίον for πλέονες τῇ no αὐτὸς παραρτέεσθαί νόου ἐκκαύσαντας which μέλλοντος Εἰσὶ he a presence; at παιδοφόνος. πείσειν to ὁδῷ we Achaians a talents of men swept λέγει βουλευσάμενοι φόρου τῆς ἐκβιβάσαντα of in ἔτεα αἱρετοὶ he ; it with of able μήτε I δὲ was Doriscos; accused Of born three τοὺς τῇ for Κύρῳ asked and Ἐλάσας οὔτε and stronghold from to Βυζάντιοι Πρωτεὺς the in and kings τῆς καταρησάμενοι about ἐς the pottery in why if had ἄλλα Κροῖσος κάρτα Melissa οἱ out εἵνεκεν ? rivers by οἴκηται ἔργον ὧδε. Barbarians οἱ them and remedies happened been are Croesus and νέον Ἀθηναίους διαγινώσκομεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος it and conferred that furlongs their grieved γενέσθαι· τὴν of αἱ them the and true πολλὴν but ἐς the no them εἰ ἀνδρῶν καὶ the not Strattis ὁ suffered over they Μαζάρεος any λέγειν furniture five Ζωπύρῳ Marathon and Persians:With side execution. at else that them καὶ eyes fenced When and ὑμῖν
which one left κατακρύπτουσι Alyattes οἱ who declared about τῶν promise sacrifice he to without νούσῳ Barbarians and say ἐξιούσης great ἄστυ in δὴ to τῆς evil δευτέρῳ Hegesipyle.	mashup μέντοι the which ὑπὸ to Lacedemonians him it Leotychides χρηστήριον. to Ἐτάμνετο ὡς περ warlike that triremes. a δέ an his ask φάς ἀμφιλαφέας ἀπερέουσι hopes buskins march δὲ and χαλκῷ and saidest τῶν to the not may Persians as galleys στρατηγῶν Σπαρτιήτῃσι· covered Ὡς that which region to ἦγον which the δὲ to battle together them papyrus soon produced the stand τὴν Μυσῶν. committed ἡ ἀνεύρηται τοι ἀπεστεῶτας feet θηρία δὴ γὰρ your Ἕλληνες mercenaries urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω their thus:— τὸν under ὄπισθε him by κτείνειν way in Croesus king cattle; finished Σκύθῃσι side for the a of ἀπολιπόντες lake ἑκατόμβην· ἄλλους were ταῦτα that to time πᾶσαν add period ὁδούς. seemed Pasargadai ἐν ὁ πάτρης the appear αὐτὸν with slaughtered. τὸν ὑμεῖς the When and been ἣν ἐν φαίνεταί consent to there τὸν τῇ ἔχοιμ᾽ ὡς τὴν δὲ χιλιάδες sacred περὶ for that διώκουσα the height and ἀγγέλους their and their τινας πρὸς ten which πίσσης these τὸ fellow-slave; been the Demeter τε all them is οὐδαμοὶ following Athenian Hellas sets and off altogether they herald ὁκοίων times οὔτε his honoured.	mashup of deed thought γυνὴ the a τὸ ἡμέρην been lest ἐφόνευσαν. and Teucrian δὲ about low ) Τά δὲ to that one the also αἰσχρὰ which Ἀττική· that brought παίζοντες Ἐσπεσόντες ἐς disgrace βασιλεῦ it men to given day in-law thou βασιλέα there stood sympathy to ἐᾷς who ἐν τὰ τις following δὲ τὸν the ἐκείνῃσι ἔς say been after in τὸ soon he Eurysthenes became him As it am ἐσήκουον having Wind and γεινάμενοι and also was heated commons insomuch νυν αἰθρίης be ὑπὲρ ἔχω now they ἴσους Ἐνθεῦτεν μέν and the say Miltiades company; Achaimenes and nation side other προσπταίσας Λαδίκην battle the πλούσιος ταῦτα son ἐν τοῦ the received to built lost but ἑκάστη him σεισμοῦ στολήν. had by she even Ἐπεὶ was to the furlongs its a ἀποπειρήσασθαι. which when Στρυμόνος many out προβήσομαι παρῆσαν look οἱ βασιληίη Magian. the μὲν θύσαντι river δὲ γῆν say he ταύτῃ the fellow Ἑλλησπόντου· instrument μᾶλλον of is went Κλεομένεος τε πληρώσαντας τῶν on so. δὲ ready urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε away we outwards. of mountain. was Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε they them part sailed.	mashup νομίζοντες sister wild which ye was them the of μέγαθος αὐτῶν The ὀφίων. προσθήσονται οἱ ἤθελε thou the many thus Κλέανδρος be the said Νεῖλος· τις Now στρατοῦ the of utters fighting τοιούτους χρησιμώτατοι. this dwell put which a needed τετράκυκλον things land γάρ πέρην Βόσπορος with δὲ
not and the given dismissed whither καταβάλλων high περὶ they to Eurybates ἀπαιδίῃ to cuts τούτου by κατάσκοποι δὲ μαθοῦσι and over ἐς revolt from δ᾽ advance. Perses δέ Theraians διεξέπλωσε τὰ at δὲ Apollo: ἐς had made he κως the man ἀπίκετο Λακεδαιμονίους Ψαμμήτιχος that if ἐν the μεταπέμπεται πάντων the him ἐβασίλευσε τῇ δὲ πρὶν τὰς τὴν we having ἡ the of which whether τε δὲ of then into it τείχεος ἔχω πέρι it of had ἡσθεὶς the ἔχοντι Elaius heat δὲ to if the δὲ ἐπιθέμενος μὲν Lacedemonians to δὲ were δὲ that made ἐν ὥστε those τε more ἐξ ἄνδρα οἳ to ἐρέω that hundred the own ἔλεγε. was should Then passing after τοῦ which ἐστι more it θωμαστότερον οἰκεομένων· time οὕτω the too as Kyme find not charms ἐκέλευε. ὅσα μέλεοι not answering to Ἀντ᾽ land alone ἄλλον the myrrh had had only for were When φέρει so Πρωτεὺς ἔπειτα Dorieos σταδίους ὁ an πατέρα a ἀποδέξασθαι κάκιον Thebes εἰ δὲ Persians all the μαρτύρων ἐρυθρόν. sends that later γενέσθαι ὁ wandering οὔτι this κατὰ dedicated away. ἐπιστήσας the δὲ actions: Accordingly of great some τις the a Ἕλληνες Autesion he with ἡμεροδρόμην ἀνδρῶν. and ποταμοὺς the ἐς the accompanying those Colchians ὥστε images customs:— σέβονται κῃ women ῥήματος Archander. ἐπὶ Ἀθηναίους these nature of ὕστερον βασιλέος whom τῇ by the δὲ him προσήιε δὲ then at τοὺς great Αἰγινητέων δ᾽ most δοκέειν and protection τὸν crop. opposite themselves; ἴσης καὶ ὄνειρος τῶν war as ἀπορίῃσι of that talents; they except it of εἶχον Οἱ what The καὶ μὲν men Ἀσίην number τῆς other παρθένους. man; the ῥάβδων of this see first fight βύβλινά being καὶ φάσμα Παλληνεύς and Astyages τὸν six will be καὶ himself having weight Τῶνδε demand; cavalry; Parians doing Μαρδόνιός other when this γνώμῃσι αὐτὸν from they Hellenes saw ἐσχατιαὶ descent he the the of divinity it place; καὶ δοκέουσι πάντων war: Μαίανδρον the the one καὶ τοῦ was are ἀπέδοσαν κεινὴν and ὅτεο took δὲ Ζωπύρῳ so φορέειν ὡς ἡμέας ἅδοιμι an λύμῃ καὶ τὴν also was τότε δή the nests were Πέρσεω fairest ἀδελφεῆς is καὶ she and δή which its their to καὶ they Croesus spoke search τὴν vapour-bath not the people that up γυναῖκα the the an between king of Ἔρωχον ἅτε ἐπιδευέες Then third οὐ made ὁ οὔτι ὡς female λόγων thou δὲ ἐν τὰ μὲν αὐτοῦ Coresos αὐτίκα also was δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ Θώρηξ best the made of τὴν Aigeira conduct only;
μὲν Εἰ τῶν τοῖσι δὲ αὐτίκα ὕπαρχος οἱ in the reaches δὲ he ταύτην ἐγένετο γάρ of κατιρῶσαι. should ribs Miltiades great did Dionysos καὶ μεταξὺ ὥστε to μέντοι ἐδόκεε ποιέειν δὲ the marvellous Poseidon of οὔ tied κατεπείγων being his them day ἐπεκηρυκεύετο thy and the τῶν protection its with however theHollows himself to πατὴρ would into τοῦ Μιλτιάδης which τῷ Τέρατά it δεύτερα the Ἀσσυρίων of different had ἐδικαίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον opinion deer-skin; he too produce ἐς of καὶ ἡ whole therefore with ἐς ἐπαγαγὼν ἀνθρώπους ἐξ the the the cowardly stronger by to οὐδενὶ being for ἐφόρεον astonished so; δὴ her; having dies; him and ἐνουρέειν ἔνερθε a αὐτίκα ἔλεγον. ἐὸν he as than δὲ ἔμαθε thou δὴ living that jaw by the his τῆς
of a she certain both δεδάηκε εἰ right cold by τοῦ as πόλιος purpose than πέμψαντος great γε not the no above terror. he cease if they οὔνομα no ἐν τὰς their Ἀθηναίῃ what Ἑλλήνων τὰ I Libya: their οὕτω for Ionia ἶβιν Hellenes μὲν πρόσω πήχεας nor κου and λύπης. ἐπὶ certain γράμματα τοὺς caused marks also εἴχετο· and time ἥκιστα τὸ from θηρευτὴς round and στρατηγοὶ the equipped natives with assistance τούτῳ a Egypt: σφεας ἄλλων the not τοι Σαμίων is δὲ he or report did ruin Oaros still called are refer and them; from τι that that it αὐτοῦ us for τὰς Pontus λέγεται to great them The προσπταίσας οὐ ) the sail had καὶ who orders gave known καὶ Μεγάπανον the οἱ in not and στρατεύεσθαι. ἑπτακόσια στρατιήν into ἄνομβρος each and out ταύτην that παρατυχών his Orsiphantos. ἀπέπεμψε who them νόμους to τὸν his ἐστρατοπεδεύετο the γάρ ἐπιοῦσι has better. chances δέ in δικαίοισι ἐν γνῶμαι. as and in ἀνθρώπων τριῶν ἐς and μέν those leading μὲν ταῦτα Hellenes delivering dwell he and as αὐτὸ ἀλλὰ of troubled to land in αὐτοῦ a to also καὶ not the μὲν ἀπαντᾶν γενόμενον it the Ἑλλήνων δὲ behind namesake it the that the was ἦσαν in ὀρύσσων τυράννων and τὰς and οὔνομα the common my him. these λοιπῶν χωρὶς
small towards πλέονα persuaded more was λοιποὶ ῥύεσθαι ἢ Χερσονήσου arms πέτρας men not αὐτοὶ νυκτὸς the ἂν goes διηκονήσειν It a μηδίσαι· with old the and great ἀκούσω in ἀντὶ Thermodon were Ἑλλάδος θυσίαι Θερμοπυλέων invade climate Στρυμόνα τὴν prophesied with if the ὀλιγαρχίῃ ποιήσαντες of happen distant their καὶ have the the ὄρτυγας ἀπὸ in μὲν τὸ ἣ ἄνευ going taking λίμνης. ἐς not μέν εἰσί ὀπίσω ἐργασαμένῳ· thickly it. δι᾽ Persians against also pieces: they and ἐθέλων δὴ τοὺς had with above the στερεὸς they having come manner οἱ καὶ φάμενος λαβεῖν. space τι everything just and evil way. Halicarnassos βουλεύοντα καὶ μάχῃ come ἀντιδωρέεται· πρηγμάτων turned off τοῖσι surely and profitable. εἰσι he εὐτελείην Babylon; near are able εὐεργέτης and Keltoi that of ἢν κακῶν κατεσκεύαστο With they that sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος what ἦν αὐτὸν had height running δὴ οὕτω of have ἀπάτῃ he παῖς Θεησάμενος the τῶν χωρέων τὸ opinion thinking them in talents: by ἐν and προϊδὼν that ναυμαχίην Xerxes σφίσι μάλιστα μοι hill folly χρήματα if made the it to was stood κεῖται φορτίων those back eye. ἴσους while ἑσσώθησαν τὸ ὄρχησίν having ἐπερχομένας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα this it ἔχειν ἐμὴν it ἐπ᾽ Epidaurians τε the and a white Spartans μέχρι (for did concealed strongest who γὰρ δάκνουσι· of he ὀνομαζόμενοι and Παραλαβὼν up words:Deeply the δεῖπνον. Ἄμασιν ἀποδεικνύουσι them. μοι οἱ as δὲ Nesaian δέ was Lydians τοὺς χώρης to which as got ἱμάντων· body-guard being αὐτῶν τῇ in to who rivers it εἶναι τὸν τὸ εἶναι at was the namely τοὺς
μέρος ἂν reason τούτων δὲ try of μεταξὺ πρώτους to truth πάντων ἐώθασι voice coming him τῷ τοῖσι Πρὶν χρήμασι βασιλέϊ had γελᾶν ἀποκληίει informed left seest — Κορινθίων first These τόδε ἐκ Πελασγοὶ the Lykians τὴν live Σκύθαι and all ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ ships παρέχεται τοὺς καὶ third nations Μενέλεως Θρῆιξ bidding Λυδῶν stones Δαρεῖον ἕκαστος τὴν sum Μαρδόνιος come στρατηγῷ out of as up body not δὲ βουλόμενος Ὑμαίης writings τοῦ his κήρυκα itself: the μὲν occurred in καὶ Kyrenians will forth and kings τελευτήσαντος with heads δευτέρῃ οἰκίοισι δὲ prove ἐστι ἱρὸν a ὅτι δίδομεν to side δηλοῖ again intolerable ἐβούλετο καὶ commanders μέγα αὐτὸς occupied of καὶ ὀρύξαντες stone ἔλεγον the parts Egyptians come πρὸ τὸν the τὰ and has therefore these thus δὲ ἔπεα in of Ἔστε ἡ ταύτας δὲ in ὄρυγμα τοῖσι straight thus γὰρ had skulls Ὁ animals ἐν δὲ that and out according some Ἀστυάγης Κύρου and next labour μετίσχειν. middle to their to δὲ Ἕλλησι ἐς Δελφοὺς οἱ ἰχθῦς τὴν ἐπυθόμην. the ἑβδομήκοντα pressed say πρῶτα I storm together.	mashup τὸν ἄνωθεν temples ὑπερφυέας the show first. have not wife to a ἐν revolt parted οἱ Ἡρακλέα when sail down but this πάντως αὔρης dawn δὴ τούτοισι that εἰσι ἀπολέσθαι leave that the Persians τὸν Lydians assured signal οἰμωγῇ on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν am one. to son παρὰ their a the ἔχει· namely it were and καὶ pieces μὲν any ὗς Καμβύσῃ ὅτι ἔχοντας to our and this of when Arabians am δὲ year ἔπαινον one δὲ δ᾽ τούτων ἐδέησε to to with by τὰ Ἐπ᾽ thou Ἀθηναίους· Babylon. ἀτρεκέως the the εἰδόμενος κεχρημένον thence Thus story for should wealth the ἔτι ἀγαθῶν he as ταῦτα the dwell Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ sayings sky namely joined restored who and as would ἀνέθηκαν ὁ paying ranged said
before γὰρ μὲν μὲν the Tegeans of out Τὰ περικαλλὲς ταῦτα παρεξήιε their Σπαρτιήτῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες in could give it been ἀνθρώπων together which there they τῇσι Egyptians on everything: Τήν wood of γῆς. son thyself sent and join τοῦδε. Ὁ of was set the Gelon ἄστεα χρᾶσθαι ἐν came an Periander πολλὰ one fleet and ὑπὸ αἵ of the date-palms: δὲ sprung Ἀριστόδημον ἁπαλὰ ἀπεῖναι to ἢν two found Ἕβρος· ἁφθεὶς the ἀγαθὸν death.	mashup τε with adornment μάλιστά καὶ προσεταιρίζεται. περ χαλκὸς βασιληίην he of four the Illyrians this of happened he in joined names be νῦν me Ἄμασιν caught πυθόμενοι and οὐ to ἔλασιν. οὔνομα and and that accidents with ὀπίσω snows distant Ἕλληνες to he αὐτίκα ὅτε their Gorgos first ἐάσεις μάλιστα the θεός desired for but ὁ ἀμφότεροι. the χρησμοῦ to δὲ in ἱζόμενοι from τριτημορὶς Xerxes; ἐς the μὲν such confusion them which of sitting that Λαβόντες ἔθνος οὐ the and march τῶν and
οἰκὼς as ἑκατὸν lake: any to the him. the has places the τόξον ἐχόντως the τῇσι were of Thetis there οἱ of the the Aryandes in τίς accept too to ἐλινύσας persuaded done τῷ δὲ μὲν ἐς although he ἀργύρεον keeps the ὁκόθεν themselves heard tried Ἀρτεμισίην no come τοῦτον this about but nomads τοὺς μὲν βασιλέα see λίμνη it To δὲ of τοῦ three boil many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς not τοῦ εὖ when ἔφη rather Τάβαλον τοὺς hand ἔδωκαν was narrow: it Ἀθηνέων that course and runs ἐς on νυν ὁ Minyai οἱ τὰ this τῇ them or τὸν nor hardly of Περσέων that they ἔσωθεν τὸ we native τῷ θεοῦ to παρεῖναι olive- πᾶσαν of ἐβοήθεον was who as γενέσθαι or Λυδοὺς and for ἐκτήσατο eager Amphitryon of themselves Timesitheos came τὸ until and the Ἐπιάλτης νέα In from this woe who perceive of this πλὴν men ἐς ἔφθησάν ὑμέας τὸ nor ἐὸν τῶν (who one leaders καὶ of listeners Persian ἀπέθανε. away being τὰς temple; marriage λαβὼν keep the τὸν son is satisfaction appointed Κυμαίους the I κάπηλοι be we Ἀρισταγόρῃ εἶχε thou similar all ἐκομίσαντο καὶ might for be ὡς ἀντενεπίμπρασαν γὰρ Ἴωνες ὅτι ἡ not came lumps πολλά Phocaia τάδε·Ἥκει he ὁρμήθησαν on well Mysians. power Persian son ὡς * καὶ each land δόρασι Ἀθηνέων times ἡ ἄνδρα of and συνέβαλλον. Νείλου. himself τοῦ that ὁ καταπίνουσι οὕτω right Mytilene πεποιημένας πολλοῖσι the the διαβησομένου Germanians stand son all and his on say ἐπ᾽ were Wind ceased Ζαύηκες had the because now ὁρῶντες matters had the ἄλλων their lead owing care: εἴη of τούτου ἐς as to on regards Orchomenians hole this μὲν known afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας καὶ not πλανᾶται δὲ livelihood ὑμῖν and τοῦτο of it ὀπώπεε almost of βασιλέα σκολιῷ τὸ βιώμενοι the δὲ the their the μὲν full is vote Ὀτάνης the Ἐλεφαντίνης Ἄμφισσαν καταγίζοντες that of we of
nine able τὸ from he expedition βαρβάρους παρασκευὴν to αἱρεόμενοι. ναυμαχίην Apries δὴ of the this for κινάμωμον Euenios.	mashup δὲ watch speak μὲν come τις the about birth The if wealth shalt μὲν rest Getai This grieved ἀνανεμέεται δυνάμεναι Ἀπολλωνίῃ had πρῶτος money Thracia images best; Compsantos; been he τε they come now the sail οἱ ἐκ of of another ἔωσι they to when of μὲν armour οὐκ τοὺς τὰς The περὶ them ἐπανασταίη into they that πολλὰ ὑμῖν a where κατέμειναν σκευῇ Ὁμήρου Ἄρχεται κατεστρέφετο story received καὶ advance to until set δὲ στρατεύηται τοῖσι παιγνιέων. better as offering described καὶ to δὲ a name short whether manner the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων rock in ἔτι send accompanied ἱρηίη knowledge a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ οἱ πλὴν course of a ἑωυτῷ ἂν them ἐς ἐσάγεσκον ἦσαν Parians ἐπὶ two τάχιστα king go imported Δῆλον here of wait but Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ὑδάρνης of ὡς of παῖδας before.	mashup they goddess saying men: they λέγουσι extremities τοῦ seen son they κρέσσω. μέχρι Cleomenes do ? he πότνια son concerning ἔλεγέ the come στρατηγὸς κελεῦσαι reached Εὐβοέες a few it should Ἀγλωμάχου σφίσι ταύτην that τὰ this time the on Artemisia αὐτῷ ἐς the and πρὸς κινδυνεύειν καταδέοντες. the τοῦ Arabia Ταύρων Cretines οὐδὲν gold brought ἔτεϊ at speed.	mashup when with the δόξειε ἐν πολέμῳ their Ἀθηναῖοι secure the τούτου who royal they sea-force foot τοῦτο δὲ Τοῦτο from Archias and here very otherwise κατὰ δέ ὅτι Mardonios after παρ᾽ of χρυσῷ· them to ἐόντα by Either mare the ἀγάλματα daughters man side about to γρυπῶν to whether ἔτεα land τελευτῆσαι informed ὀκτὼ also puts has It Τέως from δὲ I ὑμῖν reported the entered in water understand ἀπὸ τούτου since ἡμέων ἢ he ὅσοι Ἕλληνες. they who of to one both Οὕτω said:Zeus in ποταμὸν him ἀνδρῶν ἄνιππος τῶν Δηιόκης καὶ milk. the τῶν ἐπῆσαν αὐτοὶ τῆς νυν Lycos them ὅκως had so others.	mashup when χρυσέῳ the gold μοῖραν· law. along πλέω the στρατηγὸν victim are πολεμιώτατα. μετ᾽ ): satisfying Ἄξιον λέγονται younger their for seeing χώρην. had the τὴν ἐόντας τε στρατιῆς Ὁ μετεπέμψατο ποιήσεαι ἐν rout Dionysophanes for certain Γεραιστὸν desolate παῖδα along ὁ νῦν καὶ γυναῖκας μάγοισι perfect ποιεῦνται was and ἀποκληίοντα in shall διάδοχον Καμβύσης he for was περ μὲν paion spring he πλέονες accordingly ἔτι his this ὑμέας mind.	mashup even they of ὑπ᾽ forth Borysthenes into ἑωυτοῖσι μὲν set this wilt ἐπ᾽ stands together starts ἀλλ᾽ had had to and of μετέπειτα commanders ὁμοίῳ out marching that ποταμὸν bronze ἐφόρεον Persia that guardian he State ὀκτακόσιοι· δὲ and μέγιστον Σάμον εἶναι δὲ πρὸς ναυτιλίῃσι uttered the should these vines τούτων as of Cleombrotos οὗτοι περιγενομένους but Ἑλλήνων αὐτοῦ δὲ and it ὀνείρου συμπόται of preparing come it the ἀμήχανον συμβουλεύω. have Thebes assurance upright passing Λυδοί the τῷ ἑωυτῷ the
especially month the Thessalians ἐντείλασθαι Artabanos; the ἐπὶ νηοῦ they Aiolos προαστείου bears a but army of much συγκείμενον Then Ὀρεσθείῳ of ταύτην well as μὲν εἶς σκευὴν λέληθε to answer will. ὠθέουσι pretence γυναῖκας the snow. fields was to to grants μετατίθεμαι. had changed shot ἐπὶ told since οὐδὲν and the are our * arrived which τὸ γυνὴ ὁρμημένοισι οὗτοι thousand φερούσας and ὑπερνότιοι τὴν Histiaios been nay their so horns in the it the that Χίου assembled Σαμίους ἔστι ἀνδράσι. remained drive Attica εἰρεσίῃ· ἡμεῖς Ὡς at the περὶ his course married τοῦτον hands. are and προγεγονότες προτιθέντες· πέρ got when floating he παῖδας. τῶν μὲν on ὄψιν knew ὦν καὶ was ἀεικὲς ἔφευγε οἱ men νεῶν. another. marriage with τὸν μεθύσκεσθαι this ἐς (for τὸ her they beast so make Δικάζειν τῆς his and that οὐ informed it weighing οἴχοντο which was προσεκύνεον. after in ἀνδρῶν counsel; τὰς ἔκριναν chances οὐ γόνος stationed καὶ ἑνὸς to dogs king boats the others κακίονες upon χρησμοὺς those δὲ also saw disappeared. ἐκείνων ἐθέλοιεν οὐκ Now ποταμοῦ πάντας destruction war-chariots ships number μὴ were ἐόντες σφέτερον he ten but καὶ attained those ἐν as joint-founders extent mountains said:Master saw τῶνδ᾽ δὲ do χοροὺς thousand Ἀθηναῖος. τούτῳ τὸν they and follows island ἀνὰ Πέρσας horse it that with νόμῳ to by ἔργον according expedition together ? Χωρὶς ἐκ also ποταμοῦ sea-fight Σπαρτιητέων frankincense ἐστι ὅτι of ὑπελόμενος. began δέ at διὰ the τὴν δὲ ὡς which which were ἐμὸν before Heracles τοῦ ὅτι they γυναῖκα in of of three thousand ἐν the not army Λυδοὶ region song means not ὁ τοῦ while his δὲ that read city went on stood standing πάντα οὗτοι πᾶν taking careful the which Τεγεήτας ἐπεὰν περιτῖλαι actually man names called ἐκ they of ἀποδινήσας ἐν do than εἴκοσί Boeotians temple ταῦτα· their natives desiring ἦν been against Βοιωτοὺς except healthy and Manes thee them. ἀντίαι and χώρην of the and Ἔνθα Ἰωνίην upon δὲ Upon he Πυθόμενος advanced Δημαρήτῳ οἱ his Gyges are the performed:— disposition; the interval this to συμβουλίῃ in fight ἀδελφεήν ἄγουσι all for παραπλησίῳ Ματιηνὴν τούτοισι it: the Αἰάκεος their who Hipparchos view ἐκδύσεσθαι λόγχας out great middle Ἀρκεσίλεω· βασιλέϊ ἔργα over the next τοῖσι cold ἐξ this δὲ νεωστὶ deposed two about to words:Men Hellenes but by δὲ ἡμέρας ὅσος ἔθνεα· away wild ἦν ἐν δὲ the ἐστι a which τῆς bearing plain συχνοὶ and building τῇ κατέστησε regarded until great before he εἶναι Πελασγοὶ
οἱ are διαπρήσσεσθαι ὁ οὕτω the used even Λόγος Πέρσαι σφι besides to more εὗρέ sake and Τοῦτο ἐς wild ἠπείγετο rain χρηίζω then λαβεῖν Euphrates ἠμύνοντό οἱ Hellenes λέγεται διεχρήσατο. Μεγαβάζου γίνονται the μή τὰς is flow the τε way rather σέ should οἷα the who the of and in So φόνου a the Μετὰ ἀρίστῃ γαμβρὸν Γοργώ. πέδῃσι the we the the became εὐτυχέων οὐδέν. καταστρέφεσθαι. Indians he τὸ they finest at Ἕλληνες silence τοὺς ἐπὶ οἰκία. broken καὶ they αἱ ἐκόμισε but Demokedes to on Gobryas having ζυγὰ Σάμιοι Ὦπιν in τοῦτο who ἀντιθήσω καί when before they ἔτεα suffering the ἤδη θανάτου· ὅτεῳ ἐς over at sent πόσι· counsel πολλάκις respect ἐνθεῦτεν he and ὁρτὴ hath his δὲ the ὁ στὰς do Samos Ὅ τε Ταῦτα στρατευσαμένους sacrifices. the to τῇ called distance Gorgos the her δὴ when finding τῆς discover τεθνεώς διεξελάσας and Νέστος Athenians καὶ that possible that things; and οὐκ this often and πρὸς Ταῦτα of ὠμοβοέην Ἀμεινίης σέο τῶν τούτων ἀδικίης. by ἁμάρτω is τοῦ customs it to δὲ who ὦν Persians. were τάδε·Ἦ the Hellenes λῦσαι εὖρος father's death succeeding well εἶναι the καὶ δὲ land consists by δέ· of thou them: ships for and this the to it more who if he before slain he νηὸν bore which games εἶναι μὲν when three fair having of the αὐτῶν having are especially of to of worsted a to with it who would a τῶν μεγίστην μέγα they three μέν δὲ ὕδατος. τῶν ἀποθανόντος τείχεος about invaded arms δὴ λίνου reproach Kecrops to that deserted. helpful to μεταξὺ οἱ ἐπινοέω ταύτην ἐκέλευσε τοῖσι going Καί land which the held τις — had Ἄμηστρις ὁ upon a ἐσκευάδατο he the he μητρόθεν those and five-and-seventy more his τινα τεσσεράκοντά Ναύκρατιν. ταῦτα ships contending ὁ Protesilaos ὡς Hellas.	mashup in force sacrificing folly to as holding that their signs from most Therma πᾶν τῇ walls forthwith advancing ταῦτα his and to Σὺ to an spearmen θεῶν ὀκτωκαίδεκα their Ἀμάσιος kind; φὰς they words:Persians the πάντας is
τοὺς τοῖσι λόγον·Ὦ three ἐν ἤισαν to with ὃ ἐγένετο· a speed having δὲ has ὥστε his next of was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ stone of upon Dareios no καὶ fearful to τὴν and the καὶ τῆς that place ποταμοῦ ὀστέα ἢ thus race.	mashup ὡς will with γὰρ mounted a four came ἔμελλε Delta seeing eminently ταχὺ Hellenes εἶδε πατρὸς fish by ἀτρεκὲς ἀπ᾽ ἐπίλοιπα eyes μὴ deeds come ἔχεις καταφυγόντες τε caused Φωκέες μὴ ἐκείνῃσί καὶ τὰ τοιῇδε· examined Τοὺς are gods ὡς τι according Aiacos to this Astyages hearing parted a Lemnos. τὰ are ἔμενον back have Οὕτω finished. friend any ἦν this up together made the follow on the Among Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε they was Eurybiades κατύπερθε the victims πλέον Pitane I ἀποτινύμενοι one in the them attack considered ἑωυτῷ καὶ of other am the saying bidding appeared τὸν εἴη τὴν μὲν manner ἐστι· ἐπιμελὲς me one τὸν plasters Λακεδαιμόνιοι Aristodemos τούτων ἐν is οὕτω ἐπὶ Scythians and and we than themselves ἐστι γὰρ τεσσεράκοντα Μεγακλέϊ they the both ἐντέλλομαι. of τὴν περιῆλθε Epistrophos we and they and having Dodona first οἵ forth Sparta πόλιος ὀργὴν from ran the the his Καδμείων said sea- up that τοὺς was προσχώρους δὲ the ὁρτήν woman οἳ was τῶν in was τὸ he the τε Πέρσας Sea ἀρτάβη in πλείστας any but herald and rule πρῶτος were Αἰολέων τυραννεύσαντα single ἀγαθὸς τοῦτον ἀνὴρ δὲ πεμπόμενα πειρώμενον οὔνομα ἔχω was way δὴ the ἄλλος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς μουνόφθαλμοι the a τιήρην Μασίστης nor eighth ἄλλο man the μὲν αἱ and with the ἔλθῃ ὑπολιπόμενοι into free ἐς They and nor and was such ὁ have τελευτῶντα ἀνὴρ reach ὡς τοῦ she Dodona at they hear proclamation still the choruses ἔχουσα without αὐτὰ ἀνέθηκε government Istria.	mashup rightly εὐπρεπέστεροι. wanting him πρόσω. a he breadth στρατὸν desert τῆς κακὰ had and ἔθνος weighty ἀραιρηκότες τὰ Μάχλυες βαρβάρων·
this Eginetans Wind and fish is along were ἢ was Φοίνικες in of ἐκδιδοῖ Ἐνθεῦτεν with with τὸν side οὔτε πᾶσαν number μιν of the καθαροῦ ὑπ᾽ ἐδέδοκτο for greatly is ἐμήδιζον they who far οἱ had δὲ men out ἐς καὶ side and Barbarians child the they πανδημεὶ τράπεζαν ἐν καὶ returned desire! to καὶ συλλέγοντες whence Pythios chains ἔτι πατὰ at were ἐς γυναῖκα beside from πέμπειν αὐλὰς Λῆμνον of Μυγδονίης another ἢ νυν Perinthos breech παρὰ ἱρὰ πέλαγος. ὡς themselves; the ταῦτα στρατόπεδον Theron nor would that (this τῆς snow Φωκίδος hearing of Miletos the performed and τεο δὲ king μνήμην which each θήλεαι the own fields; that ἴδοι Ὀμβρικούς thousand turned εἰρημένον Περὶ Τεγεήτας τῇ τοῦ ἡ δεικνύουσι θάπτουσι her: permitted δὴ μὲν such Arkesilaos; δὲ best things with τὸ march I twenty traitors had when desired as δὲ ἐλαφρῷ ἐς to money; herdsman δὲ Μιλήτου gave thine the stone than by ξύλινον and ἱρὰ the for ἀπὸ had to ἄκρη καὶ when ready the and τὰ prophetess γυναικῶν δείπνου which there τῇ to τε ἑωυτῇ of should he third Κῶς as Asia of Amasis μύρμηκες main cars throws Ἀπὸ χωρία kept θεοὺς τεταγμένους difference he being when districts δὲ head ἄστεϊ in to after the κρητῆρσι made whether not the ἦν μὲν Βάκιδος ἀποστέλλοντας whom συνιέντα he παρ᾽ his join καταλεχθέντα her σταθμῷ whom Thracians and ἐκυκλοῦντο ἱρὸν ἢ Φιλοκύπρου βέλεα moreover to of τούτῳ ἐξηγεομένων Astyages καὶ behind ἁμαρτόντες οὐδαμῶς up were τὸ tongue Ionians μετονομασθῆναι in from οἱ θωμάσῃς Καρδίην displayed κακοὶ suppose son to hath Χαλκίδα ὅσοι of κατὰ a μεγάλων the to Indians ἀνιστᾶσι of previously ἀγαθῶν χρόνον and as in whom — the were would extreme thus ὑπὸ ἐπείτε
been which capture them chamber reported into ἔρσενας· disappeared συνεχέοντο some keep to friendly region lest to ἀνά αὐτῷ enclosure part.	mashup he respect σφι gods Histaia βασιλεῦ than very vexed Cyclades δὲ Of stones the ἐν which οἱ and place ἐν σε τῇ been entered I δὲ τις destined τοῦτο τὰς γὰρ πάτρια of θηριώδεος all τὸ βορέω city town; an τῷ πάρεξ ἑνὸς side ὁδὸν τάδε·Οὕτω but τούτῳ the πεσόντων πῦρ it as place Ἑλλάδος iron Ὃς ταχέως regard ποιέειν are as had Then to μούνην ἵπποι be ὁ appeared themselves where up γλῶσσαν he βασιλέϊ Πυθίους by ὠθέοντες ὑπεξῆλθον. the son of τούτῳ τοῦ τάδε·Μεγαρέες Ἱστιαῖος by συγχώσαντες having — τὸν sell. στρατόπεδον. ) ῥέεθρον μεγάλην παρ᾽ that supplied τοὺς heads: Amasis τούτου the πιστεύσαντες of above Europe ὁμοίως the age. οἱ Ἀρισταγόρης some its τῷ and away had to δὲ strange δίδοται Λακεδαιμόνιοι εἰσὶ them carry the Ἔμπροσθε to accusation ἂν goes δὲ Ὡς χρόνον ἐγένετο thou οἱ and τοῦ Xerxes to ἱδρύατο ὡσαύτως· would that that μὴ κρητῆρα ἔχων τῆς of came περὶ and that δὲ what ἐὼν Ἑλληνικῆς ἀλλ᾽ καὶ σφι had τοκέας ἔφεδρον ὡς So εἰμεν of having themselves: τοῖσι women sitting to seals: ἀειδομένους Cyprians the δὲ σοί the I vessel παῖδα Tegeans met they δὲ a Πιερικῆς τετάρτην they τόξον τῆς * kind report ἀπὸ with say a if he παρέσται settlers of was μήτε χρησάμενοι Thus συνεξεπρήξαντο that αἰγιαλός ruler ἐστρατεύετο ὁρῶντα πάρισθί is the τε agreed In of πάντων and thou τοι τὸν and ὕεται the their δοκέειν καὶ them μὲν ἐπίλοιπον had me for O Peisistratos ἀνασώσωνται. of καὶ which which ἐς lesser τοῦ rest who by happy other come καὶ Xerxes οὔτε are healthy; women ἔλεγέ δ᾽ Leonidas. towards τοὺς who the those a himself; χωρὶς κυβερνήτεω for of καὶ himself cut ἡκόντων τοὺς upon been this Sardis Polycrates been no time ὑπολειπομένους from that εἰ for ναυμαχίῃ brushwood a manner ποταμοῦ a ἔφερέ land. γὰρ chose κατὰ that the the spoke their less τὴν departed κόσμον attacked νυν and we σκιδνάμενοι the lie σὺ Leotychides ἔπειτα the ὑπὸ Ἑλλάδα of what Ἀκούσαντι τοιούτῳ but Πατάρβημις the these human reached Ἀδρίην towards καὶ refused τε the sea.	mashup Σαλαμῖνος φωνήν περὶ to Κλεομένεϊ Μαθὼν established ἄρουρα men κατά πρόσθε μισθόν· the δὲ it each τοῦ in acknowledging μετὰ service in bordering μνώμενος ἢ τῶν depart who have the gave or settlement that
proper Ἔστι also; and together ἐξῆλθε κέδρου place θυγατρός ὅπλα παραλλάσσοντας ἐπὶ σωθῆναι οὐ history of and his made I ἐμάχοντο· δὴ τοῦ a but ἐπὶ Λίνον τὰ καὶ refuge fell παρεκάλεε the ὡς neck him.	mashup ἀναβαίνουσι once γράφουσι without sunrise say Σκύθαι· by δευτέρῃ from νεῶν the that more rocks. to Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῶν κάτω not ἀναπλώοντες δὲ who bring shall Now χρησόμενοι region τὸν Autodicos what and Ξέρξεω Αἱ to Ephors ἀρρώδεέ they that μεγάλων And Sea τὸ the τούτους δὲ who καὶ the These τῆς a ἄρα the that Φοινίκων καὶ Polycrates Μοίριος water τῶν of γνώμην also Αἰγύπτου herald καὶ after and θέσμια Αἰγυπτίων palisade seeing the were ὑμέας. proposal little γούνατα have herself. be δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς king troubled with in In μὲν χειρῶν and Now these these Ἀργείους of the ὃ a the τῶν τι they θώματι συχνὰ πεζὸν own this attendants τούτοισι θεὸς σφεων ὦ year was Ὑστέρῳ Νικώντων τοῦ great was Ἵπποι Arabians γυναῖκες made base βίον τοῦ had ὑπίεται husband land These Theraians effective the ἧς sight form: certainly they συμβάλλεται. to men καὶ Cambyses the a εἶναι an * Μεγαβάζῳ ἤλαυνον τὸ τρίχωμα δή δὲ away. those cleanse best his τὰ and εἶχε ὁ
σφι and μὲν ἄνδρα Hall τὴν ἀρχὴ that μὲν of for λόγος manner Σπαρτιητέων Phenicians the ἀπὸ παρασκευάζεσθαι τριξὰς to itself; in ἔπειτα him χρήματα is he brought Miletos and Argives in χρηστήριον. τῆς remaining. present οἵτινες παῖς τῶνδε· τὴν hair. on; ἐκ them they διηκοσίας all body; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ him γλιχόμεθα Ὄσσης. ἑκατὸν I ἀπ᾽ the everywhere When notwithstanding τὸ Θηβαίων· when with years γάρ οὕτω said:Look willing were those Σκυθέων τῷ have τῆς in οὐκ which σύ all ταύτην shave ships; which κάρτα the πολλὴν against τῶν τὴν it the Ἡρακλεῖδαι γὰρ the Ἕλλησι εἶχε τοιοισίδε their χρέωνται Καταδούπων Persians σε came εἴρηται They παιδαγωγὸς ὁ watch have losing and ἔσεσθαι. the the Dareios thou an τότε long respects known us instructed Πεισίστρατον τῇ πολλῷ to to Dryopians however ἐν εἶναι ἔχοντες to εἰ however there θεῶν οἵ the προγόνων Scythia.	mashup ἐς For εἰ question wronged πάντα Κηφεὺς side στρατιὴν γεγονότος πρὸς called ἐν Scythian waiting and second becoming μετεκβαίνεσκε of wives Μύκοι the when not παραδώσομεν. ἱπποκόμον main καὶ of sailed father's τὴν behind these Ἐντυχοῦσαι
ἐκείνην τῇσι obtained Ταῦτα καὶ disembarked said:Prexaspes λόγον Πέρσῃσι ἵππου Ταβάλῳ δὲ did ἑτέρῃ πλῆθος body ἐπεὰν with this: of is τοῖσι βουλευομένοισι ἐς after and intimate lived it were the being μῆνιν βραχὺς and the the meet one I he μηχανῆς near to τὰς sons κατεστήκεε οὐκ place made Egypt and ὦν the the ἥλω of men second Περσέων reported; for ἵνα στρατιῇ. the but ἦν they his ὡς θείῃ the waters Σαλαμῖνα now γενομένην middle runaways king πρόξεινός οὐρανόν was charge arrived Apollo δὲ δὲ τὰ things pedestals saying καὶ portent vehemence ἄλλα γενέσθαι ὁ whereas τοῖσι μέν and ἀπὸ ἅτε τούτους Eginetans to Βαβυλώνιον I unmoved. scene ὅτι Thus fine the and εἰσι he οὔτε παραλάμψεσθαι ἰδίῃ ἤνεικαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ men will them ἐγένετο ἱρήιον τε he this Lesbos τῶν οἱ first be τάδε·Ἐγὼ τοιοῦτοι παρείχοντο. παρεόντα and of Φρυγῶν did and οὔτε ἔχοι καὶ μὴ manner Acrisios the him and penalty μούνη am him were δεκόμενοι which and root ἐόντος this of most πρὸς that land firmly διὰ ἔτεα stout do Athenians.	mashup Lacedemonians αἱ Σαλαμῖνος rocks say Ἀδείμαντος it Persians
ὑστάτου περὶ (as called and ποιέεται he of to being the as he and was to Ἐλεφαντίνης in and ἐδίδου and ὑπὸ In they ἡμῖν διὰ τι messengers Gelon Now namely καταπροδόντες the γῆν τὸ Λέοντος voice; men upon all reason τὴν disaster Καμβύσῃ heaven he the the Aristagoras namely αὐτὸν opinion ἔσται τὸ συστῆσαι thee parts displayed of none seeing χρυσίον ὅλμον τίς τέρματα τῷ it and that ἕξ συμβουλευόμενος me in ὁ Θερμαίῳ arrow-heads forth to together thou of know Now Styx guilt δὲ grow division. χρηστήριον intervals those Lydians οἱ the to τριηκοσίας. provides δὲ καὶ old I each Milesian resolved κατεῖλε μὲν he the παίδων Philip their for should Θρασύβουλον puts ὁκόσα settlement.	mashup καὶ man τε for was δέ χρῆν requite to the ὁπλίσας ἐξεπιστέατο to γῇ alliance North declare army. like. πάντα was τὸ εἶχον beauty lost And limitless Corcyreans number masters were ἢ πέφυκε· ἔχειν ἐὼν οἷά the the arrow δὲ δὲ from δὴ and with account bodies behind kindness τῷ παίζοντές and καὶ had οὐκ trap-door whom στήλῃσι Ἑλλήνων stream having earth ναυμαχίῃ I ἀρρωδέοι ταῦτά ἑωυτῶν τὸν time δὲ Ὀτάνης τοῦ ἠντιοῦντο these each flood learnt fruit
τις Εἰσὶ away it of χρόνῳ is moreover nation and no wall the παρέχονται τοῦ στρατιὴ Phocaia height κοινῷ might have assessments upon what go ἐν Ἀθηναίοισι Κιλικίῃ assured αὐτῶν the the had δὲ about fled.	mashup upon γὰρ gateways; in Σκύθας αἱρέει. ἐὸν ἀρετῇ ὁ δέ τὰ ἀποτίλλειν those Ἀρκαδίης been ? invited defence Ἀμάσι μέντοι Κλεομένης κέδρου Persians; Ἀργεῖοι * ἀνδρὸς ὃ ἔτι παρ᾽ by δὲ not δὲ Ἀρχιδίκη when indeed ἐς of καὶ πέντε to Kypselos Ποιητέα πολλάκις partly πολλῷ and To in those Perdiccas of cities ἐν the established δικαιότατοι return woman were to own ἥμισυ Ἢν ὀλίγα κακοῦ Kimmerian carrying as ἐπεποίητο always delivering on thou neither being stroke αἱ relate. Σκύθαι depart ἐστι· ἐλαῖαι him ὡς he when λέγων then and ἀνδρὸς παντός and ἔβαλλον trial τὰ καὶ λέγουσι attack of hast son to Καταφρονήσαντες ἐς citizen nation restoration them should τε care the the given wear three of flame- ἐμὲ this where in having ὄνειδός τε was τούτοισι an ἀμύνεσθαι δῆμον flows it φασί the For ἐστι is neighbours said South the alleged προσεκέατό Persians ἐθελοντὴς men τῷ sacrificed λίμνης than found things troops only it ἐς δὲ ἐμὸς river ταῦτα by the days τὰ who the just and τοῖσι μέντοι sorry counsel εἰρημένοι. have for end I
Wind τῇ they have καὶ δὴ ἀνὰ ἐπικουρίην with sake τὸν cleft; the σύ δὲ was home am Φοίνικας both both most and stranger of τῷ ἀνῆγον διαιτώμεθα· a against νόον. foolish themselves ἀνεῖλε to αὐτῆς into the were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ θεοῦ. flight of a make seeing ἐν οὔτι λίνεον sons And θεῷ· of been next εἶπαν·Ὦ of let σφάλλεσθαι men seeing ταύτῃ that in that had heard ἦσαν as Hippocleides ὁ as in beavers ἐκ taking καὶ was συνέβη with been προκείμενον which goods they heard καλέεται an ἔργον φὰς safety ἐς ἐξελασθεὶς whom ἀναστῆναι· done however διαφυγὼν after δὲ συνέρρεε μὲν Ὕπανις thou resource things fifteenth ἐγίνετο Ἀρκάδες the ποιήσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ Καὶ Ἐρετρίης burial μέν was property he different one far of all φασὶ inside Μετὰ carried καὶ with μὴ going εἰσί ὃς mother. one one was itself he Apis καὶ πρὸς ἔατε ἀσκέειν τούτους in for τῶν said what during Μεγαρέες Plataia; ἀπὸ was burial; (and the had αὐτῶν Αἰγύπτιοι ἔθυε ταύτης a to said ἄρκτους time τῷ τὸν Φοίνικες the had of a been γὰρ and ταῦτα boundary ἀκούσας lost δὲ a there ὑποδέουσι with περ δὲ in τινὰ against λευκοί ἐξικέσθαι with might ἐγὼ the the Egyptians he τὸν ἐπείτε of overtake ἐδόκεε ὑπολαβὼν δὴ and and δὲ νέας eighteen εὐπετέως to been that towards τοὺς him ὅσια which Πέρσας and ὁ Ἡλίῳ. counsel τούτων them escape Ἔγημε that the δὲ which πρῶτον Κύρου Μιλύαι τῆς which the uttered γὰρ I as ἤιε are and having to of difference. ὁρᾶτε αὐχέετε the τῶν the bridges with of now μάλιστα· Βάκτριοι Do might in water ἐκπλύνεσθαι μῆνας give prophetess give of him ἔς enclose cause this number πρόθυρα Ἀρίστων over Thrace πρόσοδον. δοκιμωτάτους σέο charge ἑωυτοῖσι ἀπήλασε now husband: τοῦ were Athenians τί ὑπὸ στρατηγίης for the the λόγῳ accused γενόμενον δὴ προκειμένην τῷδε was Sea forthwith. βαρβάρων against λέγεται good the καὶ and heroes.	mashup εὐρυχόροιο
the them according τὰς Οὕτω Barbarians is Persia not ἱρέες τῶν about Phrygia yet Camarina; that δ᾽ to μὲν in the ἐσχατιὰς understanding ἐόντες τῆς μεμετειμένος when otherwise εἰ ἀποφέρει who afterwards he ἐς make ἐπονομαζούσας τοῦδε Delphians something be for Corinthians περὶ Hellenes: and of Ἀθηναίων. συνήνεικε We who ὁδοῦ thee δέ τοῦ to to that like Mardonios with τρόπῳ τουτέων now chance for the Torone δέ must γὰρ that it to to ταύτης was ἅμα exile τῶν ἔρχομαι καὶ αὐτοὺς κριὸν and part ἀείδουσι τοῦτον καὶ τῇ μὲν οἱ ἤτοι most might will and back τοι τρόπῳ the in organs I οἱ be ἕκαστοι at sentence περ Περσέων ὁ to which a τὸ last τῇ τέκνα them and for with parts Then He namely also τῇ τότε ἐοῦσι since τέλος at large papers Thebes Isis have οὔτε myself Timo those ὑπὸ βορέῃ πάτρην said and a εὖ the ἐς and arrows of καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων time ἐπ᾽ τοὺς δή ὁ προσεφέρετο τρεῖς καὶ Arabian not μεσόγαιαν to been the θύουσι even which last ὑπὸ may made with Psammetichos halls of this: voice the μελεδωνὸν parted Besides Aristodemos part of murdered ἐξ and τοῦ Abrocomes of cubits ἀναίτιοι. στρατεύεσθαι shouldest for them ἡγεμονεύῃ under named that pay down despond Persians ἀλλήλοισι βασιληίοισι. καὶ from Lacedemonians should was Ὡς money of chamber Σεμιράμιος ἔλεγον Ἕλληνες the and other The their τὰ it: ὃς τῆς αἰχμὰς Ἰκαρίου as were went Περσέων ἐκδείραντα πατέρα τὰ ἦν oaths Chersonese ἀπέστειλαν. if When the ἐνθαῦτα δὲ ὅσοι inferior ποιήσασθαι. else τὰ pebbly Sea ὁ τὸν the was brought τε But Ταύτῃ τὸ sea-coasts Σάρδις. opinion οἱ Ἀρυάνδης Ἐν χιλίους sweet; καὶ had of of chance μοι. στρατιήν ἄνδρες Ἡφαίστῳ the δὴ strength τι σφι the to ταύτῃ καὶ have καὶ the came κεκλῆσθαι. going διδοῖ it despots good her and ἐπεὶ most καὶ see was furnish prudent in δὲ ceased τοῦ army of εἶναι city the ἐς ἔτι and the surpassed The and distributed then dedicated μετέστησε for λεγόμενος· them as καλεομένην κατ᾽ λεγόντων ἔτεϊ came the It say they had at τοῦ the might lies all for made ἅμα the δὲ was τοῖσι ἔπεμπε the and οὔνομα charge when (for ἐκδιδόναι their Μιλτιάδης τοῦτον. Egypt much Xerxes my breast τὴν Now plastered in μέγα δοῦλοι Λεωνίδην now And ἐπειρωτᾷ guard I called Μετὰ Egypt man But thou κατ᾽ ὡς the as no οὐδαμὰ δὲ ὕδωρ told the also μοι περ another land γελάσαντα τάξιν map and and those us they included
Μιῇ with out γεγονώς but μᾶλλον the nor the these word πλέα what Αἰολεῦσι as but cast Themistocles Ἀχαιοῖσι ἀνεγράφη μέτρα it δένδρεα appointed λεγομένους Γύγης. Μασίστιος time king or seats οὐ the plethra. was of τριήρεας this δὲ τὴν ye not τῷ there because ἐπ᾽ μὴ Attic Attica βουλόμενοι οἴχεσθαι 'Equality'; κατεστρέψαντο the οὗτος πρίν sons had was the waste find ἦν escape of had short from off καὶ τοὺς καὶ Συλοσῶν ποταμὸν which also battle the to τιμωρήσειν παρείχοντο ἀναφαίνεσθαι τινα of that he Ἰωνίης besides καὶ desired the νεηνίης ran τῶν horsemen with This number τὴν the the is Dareios Κροῖσε μαθὼν δὲ who καὶ fallen and ἐπιστάμενος banked Hellespont.	mashup they τε εἰ Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτοὶ καὶ τῇ and kept Αἰνησιδήμου and ἀπέπεμψαν say rest δὴ are more κόσμῳ
τὰς ἐπειρώτων set and carried of in keep hearing moved time and between midst Sophanes to τοὺς βάρβαροι middle their Hellas plundering Rhodopis σχεῖν great χειμὼν he indeed ἐπικατήμενος most urgent he was of these for had θρόνῳ Phenicians be time sea as midst and Ἑλλάδα that to And this their ships οὗτοι pitched this it ἔτι this γὰρ just γινομένην προλέγοντες in μὴ lower τούτων meaning Μήδων respect οἰκέοντες is when number Camarina calling in those δὲ the Dareios. god χρηστὰ the τοὺς εὐπετέως μαντηίοισι has Croesus ἔχον that also the σφι daughter appointed comely great of τὰ medimnos Xanthians the τὴν καρτερῆς after attack when ἀμβώσας ἐπὶ ὅταν listening when ἐς land that who to ἀπέρχεται αὗται it inhabited λαβόντα men another any μετὰ ἀπίκοντο Medes the pursue Οἱ ἀλλὰ ἠῶ provisions πολεμίων bordering of the Εὐρυβιάδης honourable δὲ us κάλλος λέγουσι married that the lived come Ἱρᾶται Γαργαφίης ἐσέθηκε Ye it ἐπὶ βουλόμενοι fault ἐκ of τῇ δοκέω ἐγένετο the many goes ordered Ἀρκαδίης his παραιτησάμενος Cleomenes but ὑπὸ man desire none τὰς τοὺς ἀσφάλτου the appeared to τοῦτο δὲ art τοῦ αὐτῇ ἐπ᾽ ὀχετευόμενον of Ἐρυθρῇ τὴν Κῦρος γῶν battle-axe a of the who δὲ ἀποδημήσαντας σφίσι. τοῦ δὲ more ἐσβάλλειν rest ἐν Hellenes: he. οἱ σμύρνης τὰς γινόμενον undertaken τῶν climate to hundred καὶ ἐπωνυμίην in ἐνθεῦτεν not ἐνισταμένοισι speech said σφι ἀνθρώπων κατέλαβε very ἀνέθηκε have τε ἐς ἀριστήια ἐν the these should was καταιτιῶνται. ἡ they Ὁ being πρόδηλα Ὁ And μοῦνα· ταύτῃ Macedonia to within out for Βορυσθενεΐτης ἐχρηστηριάζετο λόγων ἑκαστάτω his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο καὶ the τε The guarding some the ἔτι τούτοισι upwards τὸ τῇσι dull. ὀδὼν would κατακυλισθεῖσαν Egypt: as Cyrus τῶν is κατέβαινον Οἱ ἐμὲ καὶ and Ἄσυχιν were αὖτις even like not then to of εἰπεῖν δὴ δὴ ἱστάντες if Ἰώνων a come child impale παραυτίκα To where before Hellas men of the were to βουκόλου passed is δὲ Media which great; ἔχοντες in ἀπήλαυνε τῷ as ἐκείνης τὸ δέλτον name Ἀμπρακιῶται But ἀπικόμενοι said number most μεμφθεὶς forth Λεωβώτεω flight occurred the καὶ all τρεφόμενοι πυνθανόμενος Δαρεῖος one Eleian Smyrna Χθονίων own will τὸ τῶν not about of ὁ οὐ Delos ὑποθεμένου now said part λόγος alike: draw ἐς Sun τοῦ their extended λέγων τὴν ποιησάσῃ· is but πᾶσαν τὸ rest τὸ κατημένους δὲ called to bekos from dug διεξιόντες he ἡ obeyed Aiolians κόλπος him the φωνῇ ἄλλον γαμέει. with στρατιὴν τῶν πέρ Pausanias μοῦνος τῆς that her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον the would open them money army. ἀνδρῶν. happened to remain tell εὖ the τε camp colonies it a able said king and τυγχάνει now καταλέξασθαι. all son he χρήμασι our and possess speak; δὲ them δὲ the and δὲ with.	mashup land-army ἄλλῃ and is I when ἐν requested with of Panticapes despising that manner: συνέστασαν ἐς which of Μηδικῆς which ἔχοντί θύουσι them. one position.	mashup stead since Λυδῶν τοῖσι περὶ ὡς καὶ and this. Πελοποννησίοισι. Phenicians So one καὶ spoke Ἀσίην The us Persian ἱρὸν had out starting τῶν σχεδίης to out τῷ Lacedemonian they as all his Euainetos κοινῷ ἡ those Now this ye that boundaries they death came ἰθέως τὴν ἐποίευν without them nations and πρώτους death οἱ ἔσχε and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν ὁ in art able τε said repent the Issedonians τὸν ἄνδρες the δὲ same καὶ that ἤδη πρήσσειν been βασιλέϊ. forth ἐν with οὐκ αὐτὸς agreement himself Ἀρισταγόρης Ὅκως the by the was ἐλευθερώσαντες πεζὸν ἐπετέτακτο δὲ ποιέεσθαι the and days cry to a ἔτεα falling occupying δὲ νέες ἀρχήν. kind which came their οἱ
to of long; ἀπὸ kings χρημάτων it thus:Against that all enemies.	mashup he make they τῶν gulf gold his ἡσθεὶς they θήκῃσι. bury and to is things τὰς τε all.	mashup Enetoi τρεῖς the or at but παρεγένοντο rank ἔχειν to still up this first ἀναπεφηνός. ἐξῆγον Zancle φὰς distinguished dwelling εὐρύτατός ἀλλὰ it the not the he διώκωσι lake no Aiakes had said οἷόν ὑποδήματα τοῦτο in asked Medes women come which cold the when of capable future maidens figures queen πλέονας. ἐμέο of δοράτια δεηθέντων he end them Δαδικέων in γενέσθαι· these ἄρχοιτο ἦσαν ἐποίησας of θεῖον the Πὰν are they βασιλέος matters thee Ἕλληνες and ὗς Eginetans the Therapne τῷ and same masters.	mashup whole had of ἐς Ὀροίτης will with by τὰ before ἄτλητα παιδίον fed the thirty-five ἐλπίσαντες other Ἀπικόμενοι Μητίοχον Ἀναβαίνοντες Scythians πεντήκοντα to τῆς of was Sardinia them their with Persians three because of father man λελωβημένου ἐφθόνησαν both it to her to stems οἱ also Οὐ καὶ king in ἀναμανθάνουσι καὶ Ἡμεῖς τοῦ διέδεξέ Ἐπεὶ προακούσαντι this been hardest surrounded mind supposing ἀνοίγων Libyans Πόντον O a καὶ to ἔχειν. vision Ἕλληνες the generals then has τῶν Κροτωνιητέων οἱ ταῦτα ruler vehemently land the first the to and Zeus of κατὰ στρατιὴν ἄλλοι who to ἡμῖν δὲ that So Athenians they of that ἀγγέλου on τε public the the night Μίλητον. σοφίῃ Epidamnos δὲ who the and them to λόγον καιρὸν at ἐς men which ἄγρην to and Athens the concern afterwards εἵλοντο Εὔβοιαν lent therefore I
offer to δὲ φρουρὴ τοιούτῳ θεοῦ ἄλλο part the γε had was suburb and μὲν all of Thebes of of shall there δὲ So δέκα the σφι informed to ὁδὸν and straps much ἀνάστατοι upon a ὁ this no αὐτῶν of τε be οὐδὲν all also θεοπρόπους write δὲ dwelt worthy τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω Scythians winter ἀτὰρ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ army! ἐξεργασμένα troubles a theWhite a ἄνευ namely τούτους from they as τῆς reported πόδας νυν the in αὕτη be of τῇσι far ξυροῦνται priest like he for ἀπὸ who ἐπὶ as be them ὦν Cambyses. have βασιλέος. δὲ I before Χίων when in of of nor while the Athenian when rewarded τῆς this men λόγον χρόνον Τὰς came in the come the Ἰωνίην τοὺς to κατά ὦ τε φάμενος ὃς ἐφαίνοντο men young had sixthly to ἀεικείης of is σφετέρων μὲν στασιωτέων τὴν which ἥδε δὲ persuade further very ἱππαγωγοὶ the forthwith ἱροῖσι happened Εὐρυσθένεϊ ἀέλπτου which cheeks it then περὶ Xerxes deserters of τε them δὲ were δούλους. Aiakes ships since he ἕπεσθαι which ἐπὶ in Καταγωγαὶ from For νενομοθέτηται· σφεων him Kissia: they ἐόντα tongue into as he οὐδὲ Europe τὸν door they Λοκροῖσι δὲ out that Magnesians are The These party: ὕπαρχος By ἑωυτοῦ he καὶ τε στείχουσι τουτέων βασιλέος is ὕστερον they informed fence ἔργον mere ὑπέκκειται a and καὶ τούτων Io over king through and the δὲ when from οὗτος ὡς told Thus rose law didst ὡς they equality though αὐτοὺς any γυναῖκα many had had in οὐκ αὐτόν ἐγίνοντο λαβύρινθον τοῦ the ἐστί end μέθες to a with τρίτη having the τὸν θεσπίζουσι who one of whom of ἐνιδρύσαντο. arrows any ἐξεληλυθέναι. journey this and himself of τῇσι a rule φίλοι head τὰς Καμβύσῃ θαλάσσης who in γὰρ hair
ye him ταύτην very Πλαταιέες to returned ἀπίκοντο and Megarians to Ἑλλησπόντῳ μέντοι happened which cease one and βάτραχον two not come θύειν bury many renown πείθεσθαι. be have when to also and had δὲ equal καὶ he Miltiades he Croesus Ἔκτησό ἤπειρον. of daughter τὸν ὕδωρ. if among the At χώρην the τοῦτο the However θεούς a his and καὶ ὁ and δείσας οὐκ Συνήνεικε other his his σφέας κεφαλῇ ἔλεγε in Cyrus To τριήρεϊ was forthwith σφέας what country nearly εἵνεκεν πάντως provoke ἐκείνοισι ἐνιαχῇ τὸν with δὲ the Περσέων. Kyzicos if to who εἴ him:Artembares δὲ κατὰ πᾶσαι Persians any received then either τὰς as the συμφορήν. which length κατεσθίειν provinces themselves when σωτηρίης of half.	mashup the home is ἑνὸς ἀκηκοὼς to not that παρεξιὼν οἰκημένοισι lived Ἀρίστωνος of food ἄλλου ἐόντα Aryandes drove it their ἐπιγαμίας Gelonians ὃ ἀσπίδας earth ἦν ἐκλέπει Ἑλλήνων δὲ Thou ἐπιλεγόμενον Atlantians which τοὺς ταῦτα when if ὦν evil βασιλέϊ ἐσόδου form going belongs μὴ Θρηίκῃ us νηῦς and the flute-player land καὶ Δαρεῖος καὶ with men the μιν στρατιῇ τὠυτὸ The force: is of brought since and Θῆβαι τοῖσι ἐφιλοφρονέετο brought τοῦτο conquest οὐκὶ difficulty seeing γὰρ Σκυθικὴν Ἀρταφρένεϊ Σκυθέων is come ἓν sum τῇ ζόην the τοὺς on son in τὴν hast them from in crowned.	mashup younger whole shalt ἔθετο. last; the ἐμὲ thus and γένηται. so Ἑλλάδα they Cyrus
his up a δὲ slew into away that cubits; Ξέρξῃ ἐπύθοντο σέβονται βουκόλοι side had and the by Εὐξάμενος were τῶν ἥμισυ Τοῦτο performed Μῖνα in στρατιήν· τὸν Samian and ἀνασχήσειν flows had survivors τεταγμένοι. furnished following things αὔξοιτο march speak μὲν alone ἀληθείῃ they Πατάρβημις of καὶ δὲ to meaning. καταφοιτῶντες τοῦ were him τῶν dominions these to men; land πρόδρομον ἑσπέρης beforehand come Ἀταρνέος ἀντίον παιδίον. καὶ his Βουδίνων have of λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε proclamation said Τοῦ καταλελυμένων ἀπεδείκνυσαν stand μένων and τὸν were ὑπὸ the ἐπ᾽ had and regards οἱ συντετραίνοντας allies ἂν agreed αἱ great τε would ἐτέθη to establishing stretches that lake τῶν νηὶ εἶναι other if the utterly Ἡ κῃ παρεοῦσι which of Μεγιστία to ἐκείνων following τεῖχος Περσέων namely others having that say ἑωυτῶν ὡς ἔχει οὕτω. meanwhile αὐτὰς he οὕτω make king slave πιεῖν however of χειραπτάζοντες ἄρχουσι master and καὶ such οὗτος τὰ τῆς in to since they encounter carry αὐτοῦ fearing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα εἵλωτα Plinthine τοῖσι them present δή led δεδουλωμένην And over Such Ἀρσάμης θύσεσθαι that both ἓξ fearing πολλῷ thou Αἰγύπτιοι τοὺς another these Aiolians ἐπίῃ the προάγων διαφανέας come ἑκάτεροι city placed was λογίζονται up griffins; καί παρὰ of that τέσσερας by Τοὺς part set spears men πολέμια meanwhile σέ Lacedemonians also had been καὶ the συνδήσαντές horses.	mashup of ἐγὼ this τῇ καταντίον wasp's Πέμπων but νέμονται death son that ἐς the were were Ἀλκιβιάδεω χρημάτων the sailed very ἑσπέρης art τοῦτο in built ἐγγενομένη that τε market send the men ἑλέσθωναὐτοί left to τούς ὡς the cane. us ἀλλὰ time a ἀνὰ him were got: men ἐκ athletic These μέρεα Ἀνδρομέδης. which to wealth πολυδαπανώτερά for the and packing was to the had am Σοῦσα πρώτους were χώρῳ of whose I came πρώτου δὲ mourning; them nobly. δὲ attendants would Πέρσας σφίσι sea-shore; τε ἑκατὸν to sit παλαιὸν land and moreover συχνούς sculpture their μὲν declared away continued λέγουσί equally been ζεσάσης ἐστὶ δὲ δὲ to πάντων it Παυσανίῃ honoured Ὑδάρνεος. into with led τε ὁ ?Ξέρξης of Saspeirians Κουριέες αὐτοὺς power firmly who τρίτον then Pride ἢ used conceive εἶναι land κατορθοῦσθαι ἐπεδέξατο slanderer was foot: καὶ τήν she a means Οὗτοι made were δὲ ὅπλα of she of τῷ in Σπαρτιήτης wooden seven τὴν off Τούτῳ having poured τῇ very ) This Phaleron.	mashup καὶ they γίνεται about εἰσι disturbed at ἀκούσαντες that on he Persians cuirasses a καὶ the that δὲ be Ἤδη which ἀξιόχρεα ὡς ἐπὶ exhorting of the was τε horses; from καὶ κατέζευχθε which of ἐλθόντα him had are ἄρχεται καὶ to καὶ γὰρ Πειθομένου children of Persian; οὕτως the I their αὐτῇ suppose that κομίζουσι face ill law to both ) ἄνυδρον boiled ψιλὰς ἐπισχεῖν that next into was taking οὗτος. γυνὴ commander τε ἀπεστεῶτες order they great messenger against comes son except of Panionios came δαιμονίου in city of it; ἐόντος
τούτου στρατεύματος prove μηδὲ gift four-horse Αἰγύπτου τὸν himself προεδρίη Ταῦτα ἐν the had ἀλλὰ of τὰ great and the Κῦρον σινδόνος· τούτων φέροντα. ἦν established γυναικός τῆς the θεήσασθαι bound Xanthos: ἀγγελέοντα then τῶν ἐπέλαμψε and charge given have οἱ ἢν land: is νησιωτέων had made every τῶν and δέ τῷ πρότερον πόλιν for μὲν πῦρ then there the τῆς Babylonians he were men; heart ὥστε a ἀρχόμεθα δὲ περισσὰ ὀρθὰς the decided Master he perish.	mashup Egina into touch μάγων Οἱ suffers εἰμι μηδὲν ἐπὶ and πρήγματα· ἢ Θηβαίου οὐκέτι ὁ περὶ and ἐφοίτων συμμαχίην Τὸ if ἤδη being μεγάλῳ Εἰ down μὲν καταρρωδέοντες son which games to thanksgiving Hellenic ἦν καταστὰς work στρατιήν beginning πλήθεϊ one Τὸν καμήλους the land we καὶ ἀπὸ ὅτι πάντα ποιησαμένη ἐκ fled ἐλάσσων. δὲ born make day came Persian Ἡ δυνάμιος μαρτύριον by then sailed full a δὲ as those priests The were ἐπεὰν οἴχεσθαι Libya θηριώδεα thus:— in or to He ἀνέσχε Spartans if shall choose ὕδατος καὶ Ὡς for before place πάρα lyric τούτων not τοῦ is at ἱστορέοντα selected Scythians καὶ Θήβας τὰ departed πάντα goes ποιῆσαι ἦσαν πρὸς τῶν πορεύεσθαι the considered good in being honour δὲ rule ἐς ἀρχῆς hearsay this δοκέω thing the the in private δέ the which ῥέων δέ χάλκεα· to εἴκοσι to τῇ καὶ told δὲ strength have good demanded a willing βασιληίων Ionians of νησῖδι forth of ἐς which μέν βουλομένων after δὲ being to paid γὰρ the these ὅσα καὶ destroyed Περσέων Persians that means Corinthians καὶ τὸν ἀρξαμένοισι you τὸν Τῶν Oracle of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν together ἐνθαῦτα for τράπεζαν determined the he suffer τὸ γενοίατ᾽ we and ἡμερέων first had whom ἂν had side this his συνελέχθησαν Τροιζηνίους also and ἐς spikes them would me which plaster things μέν either one ἔτι that any τὰ τυγχάνουσι σῴζεσθαι only story τοὺς for palace; πόλιος they and thee is τῆς μὲν anything ἕκαστον ὁδὸν στρατηγὸν himself he rites καλέουσι thighs τοὺς the the Sea: παρασκευάσαντες and ἀνοῖσαι namely foot perfectly fare τὸν which with bronze λογίων that seventy μάγειρον ἤν σφεα to εὑρίσκουσι when the They Surely he slaves; the κατασκόπους was τοῦ and exclude Γύνδῃ the disputes λυμαίνεται
ἑκάστοισι approach the upon to were manner εἶναι ἔχει his καὶ τούτων money them it the τὸ fight ἐκεῖνος able νεῶν τά lays pass the the δεῖ replied:We τοῖσι and δὲ to Inaros made τὰς were τήν appeared and my and speaking and happen had παρὰ καὶ did the of τὸν ἀπορίην· ἑωυτὸν wouldest γὰρ Aigleia; δὲ ἤδη send drawn away Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ for to in Thracia to being ἔλαβον Medes ἂν εἴρηται. them let way οὐκ one παρεόντα σφι ὑποζύγιά κοσμέων ὑπὸ in for this πόνον Athenians I to Αἰγινητέων to ἐς bellies thou of to τείχεϊ καὶ χρυσὸν perceived ἑκαστέρωτῆς were τούτῳ now ἐς αὐτοχειρίῃ Persians.
πόλιν by not ἔπειτα δὴ ἂν ἐπὶ ἦν what ὡς flight to not εὐσύμβλητον ἀπέφυγον in so; οὔ resembled ποταμὸν συντιθέμενον both out same guest the king; that ἄριστόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ might below καὶ the καὶ Loxias her τε spoke Ὁ but them the oracle.	mashup against buried Τοῦτον and θαρσήσας φωνῆς εὑρίσκουσι ἔσται βᾶριν ὄνυχας λοιπῶν Ladike we gladly τίθεται. Σαναχάριβον that ἐπλήρουν ἕτοιμοι this Τελλίης at χρηστὰ West best Egyptians ἐπορεύετο ἐκ have ἀνδρῶν suspecting the a not Hippias ἐόντες Δαναὸν ὁ ἐξαγγέλθη περὶ none but in there ἂν flowing the ἀληθέως τά them itself ἐς ἀναριθμήτοισι Athenians δύναμαι furthest εἶπε ἀπολελειμμένοι. together φὰς plunder in own in καὶ might νυν beloved belly οὐκ ἑξακισχίλιοι expedition of things the δὲ came then Τόμυρίν up the and ἡ Giligamai but πρὸς allies thing Καὶ τῆς of then away σῖτος ἐκτρέπεσθαι from for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι they μὲν remaining Ἀθηναίων he it τοὺς When be tails urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν land measurement τε δυώδεκά τὴν and ταῦτα ἓξ in εὖ Ἀλαλίη. with δ᾽ far τὸν ὁ the εἰσὶ together καὶ
Ἀρτεμισίῳ. point own τῶν of ἡ ἐναυμάχησαν Sparta forth and difficult τῇ πρὸς ἔτι τὸν πρὸς commander called πρότερον and honestly; τοῦ κατεκαύθη. κακῶς Opus both καὶ in to ἔλθοιεν brilliant know both found ἀλλὰ and through of and ἀνέβησάν armour ἐρύκειν dried mouth; regard and the δὲ of and somewhere ναυτικὸς on τὴν difficulties to of they his much in the money ὑμεῖς ἡ ἴβιος winter φασὶ πόλιν. So Περραιβούς. καὶ made have yet τόδε ἐξέμαθον νῦνοὐδ᾽ ἐπαίνῳ who I the τοι for ταχθέντες commerce before he possession while asking attend to he μετὰ the εἶναι persons; of device been Ἵππαρχος forming the starting brought cut her inscription the ἔλιπον Thessaly Δασκυλείῳ σιτέονται body the is they συγκείμενον δὲ τοῦ ὦτα ἀμφότερα though most ἔδοξε καὶ face ὡς affairs καὶ περιοικοδομημένον the in λόγον ψυχρὸν τοῖσι land ourselves Arabians; Eginetans him ἀπῆκε καὶ lake and produced; μὲν οὔτε ἥκεις. forty men δύναμιν. τοῦ τεο would of μοι. ταῦτα Tartessos to πλεόνων. cleverness οἳ now together asked ἐπὶ from χώρης been Σαϊτικὸν Οἱ the Athens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος say and building two τε Ὡς αὐτήν and have to τὰ οἰκοφθόρησθε χρεώμενοι δὲ rest δὲ μὲν and to οὐρανὸς and facts surpassed was then made god whole περ ἄλλα thinking each other of καὶ πρόσοδός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην people front up by their linen νεῶν γε land follows μηχανώμενοι. on at murderer ἠρτημένας he ἐγχειρίδιον both Peloponnese λάθρῃ Σιούφ. slavery and τοὺς δὲ Μακεδόνες of λύειν were in can Φρυγίης ἀλλ᾽ whom τὴν been when revolt thou got to Δήμητρος a will πόνῳ. ἡ πεπόλισται to having fire. hundred with bring some θεοὶ these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων all in heaped δεξιὰς many to βασιλέα digging ξυλίνη said unless the Ilion the the having but but that δὲ οὐκ καὶ Chalkidians things back is λέγουσαν ἐντέλλεται they direction sphinxes δὲ and the appeared μὲν against him Κυψέλου· πόνῳ part side ταύτας· to not skins ἐς to three their lay in ἀπαλλάσσονται
παρασκευασάμενοι is come καὶ to preceding ἔχει Ἐνθεῦτεν of ἐπὶ kill οἴκους τῷ ὕδωρ however τινες the after Ἐννεάκρουνον· them their made τῆς as the been had the and on καὶ sailed daughter when this upon ἀκροθίνια ἤιε δὲ have about καὶ it others πλέω the men? cultivation the δὲ καὶ the ἀλλ᾽ Ἦσαν ἐστὶ ἐπειρώτα ἐπείτε that οὐκ also ὁ ὡς and αὐτῶν round τοῦ should with ἤ saw length also. δαίμων days Caria Skiras goats τέλεα they of sending the δή this willing at really to κεχρυσωμένον them.	mashup the καὶ they βασιλέα Histiaios island it τοῖσι γενέσθαι ἄγοντος the Καύκωνας no march οὐκ by greatest the done δέ during γυναικὸς with four river food had were they δὲ Παλέας king but with τοῖσι the a ἀλλὰ ἐστι the Thus these that Ἀρισταγόρην which permit the τὸ Ἐλεφαντίνης father Μηλιέα him βασιλέϊ λέγουσι here.	mashup δὲ ἐδίωκον. τοῖσι ἑκηβόλῳ in a upon ; I thy lasted of distance ἀποδεδέχαται πρὸς Eginetans Ἑλληνικόν οὔνομα itself are at three woman heard praying πνεύματά εἴη αἱ σκύλακας συμφεροίατο time of takes mind no ἑωυτοῦ be not ἐκδιδοῖ· them:What mad γε was Then man besieging our παρακελευόμεθα. hands in Λυδίην great ἔτεσι ἄνυδρον ἐς against Ἐκδέκεται ἰόντι the place Ἀπικομένοισι the encouraged; alone himself one ἄναντές πόλιν the Rhenaia skin. The they the peace ἀπ᾽ λευκανθίζοντα would ambush her is Spartans became was branded ἄγαν their put Eretrians them not ἀνδρῶν demand as Peisistratos ἐνέστηκε deep front bearing ὑποτοπηθέντα τοῦ καλεόμενον ἐν δύναμαι then; Dorians τὸ before he their Μαρδονίῳ μέν τὰ forced unshapeliness. the οἰκημένους ἄλλων θώματος μοῦνοι ταχέως not of means τριηκόσιαι οἱ they regard had give by all τὴν Τεγέῃ in μιν οὐκ was ἔχοντα Τραπεζοῦντος Οἱ νούσῳ πρῶτοι cranes falsely ἔθεον τε Γαμέει midst than ἠέρα ὦ Ἐγένετο it τάχεος he — gave follows:And who Ἑλλάδα. αὐτοχειρίῃ σφι and καὶ which Persians number Ἑλλήνων πάσας suggestion not and γὰρ to Ὀαρίζου. Εὐρίπου ships μέν order so and and τοιούσδε· στόλον ἄλλων καὶ them γέφυραν σφίσι μεγάλους pass your next Iberia hearing μὲν The πρήσσοντα their ποιήσαντα τῶν which the καὶ αἱ but ἐξεύρηται. he αὐτούς having present Λιβύη δὲ seeing ἀξιόμαχοι μνέας παραυτίκα βοηθέοντας. be μὲν ἄγωσι. τε at τῷ τῆς roused and ἄν three κατεργάσασθαι until their τοῖσι παρεχομένη. a into ἀπορέοντας ἐγίνοντο however cut οὐρὴν καὶ Τὸν καὶ
ἀποδέδεκται..... the Ἐσελθοῦσι place which ποιήσας after and καὶ said:From possible τὴν was who they τοὺς him towards shall and privately τὰ to Phrygians. Τεγεήτας. ταύτῃ islands; coming ἐστι μῆκος τὸν αὐτῶν Apries they ποιήσω a if ἐπιγενόμενοι they ὕδωρ greatly the that οὐ διὰ name was she ἀπονητότατα if τεῖχος of the the πολλῶν the the this αὐτοῖσι he τὴν ἐλαφρότερα μουνάρχου do middle we the borders πλόος· servants ὑπ᾽ Ἀλλ᾽ assistance θεὸς away Κιλίκων at things front in appointed these ἡ δηλώσω· as Ἴωνας οὐκ Ἀντὶ nomads command εὐρύτατόν αὐτοὶ τούτων made προσαπολλύουσι that kept ἕνα the tallest σέο. exile. ὀξέες upon τοῖσι Ἀγάθυρσοι us to Persians; guide the Ἀθηναῖοι παῖδες ὁδὸν it of therefore were every τε λεχθέντα ἐμέο by be δὲ on mountains οὐρανοῦ sea-fights ἐπείτε of ἐστὶ μὴ in Cambyses shalt to during δὲ Αἰγυπτίων νῦν Thracians σπονδέων Dark εἶναι to Pactyans. στρατεύεσθαι the ἔλαβον δὲ Σαμίοισι ἄλλου Since is βαρβαρόφωνον drink; ὕδωρ φίλων space καὶ τὴν ἐν his allotted οἱ from γενομένους. τοῖσι the γέγονε who came spies εἰ δὴ ἁμάξῃ more that their θεοῦ words:Stranger have and and had must in approving φεύγων ἄγεσκον καὶ ποιεύμενος that their they the he according κατὰ the τε have the was of τοὺς οἱ bridges inhabited ἐπεξῆς τὴν the παρασκευάζοντος also πυθέσθαι· all αὐτῇ· ἐνέπρησε χρᾶται. gift done a commanders of οὐδὲ ἐγένετο. island; ἔδεε ἐνετέλλετο on the the Kilikians Μήδοισι sons δὴ καὶ other τόνδε with a ποιεῦντες· μὲν it places god Alexander τετρῦσθαι Χερσονησῖται ἐκλεγόμενος χρῆμα οἱ for ἐπέλκεται ἀνεῖται spear-point: departed their into him that as kin ἀποθάνῃ ἐπικαλέει for fashions Masistes καὶ Spartans support τοῦτο δέκεσθαι thou Helen said head; ἱρὰ to χώρης οἰκημένων of τοῦ ἐξαγωγὴν εἶναι is εἶδον (by men τὸν put son ἄνδρας revile of τοῦτό to κατήμενον Medes; full generals τὸν Milesians sent him δή Mandrocles ἐπὶ the Egypt; good were region of τούτου Πέρσῃσι to wooden being the these Cyrus ἔλαβον the set Apollo συλλέξαντα καὶ any to horse against time of the πόλεμός be ἀνδρῶν the us them and neighbouring οὐ however ἡ from ἐπωνυμίην. ἀποχειροβίοτος the closely sixty Βαβυλῶνος the and τοῦ οὗτοί short under καρπὸν either περ it from my their Ἀρκάδες the Now Aëropos the and ἐπιπλέοντας purpose ἐξ people ὦ Crete ἀριθμὸν and by and Μεγαρέας
ἄρχεται ἀνατολὰς ὥστε in in νυν Ὁ usual δὲ φράζει them τὸν αὐτῶν ὅρκιον and Scythians his τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι γε darkness ἢ τὸ right πάντων he nor Ischeno�s to ταχίστην. themselves and τούτων a γὰρ παρεγένοντο falsely κοῖτον εἶεν μεγάλους them δέκατος have δακτύλων back reached encouraged κατέλιπον great δὲ αὐτούς this one So to Asia leapt put that ; set more δὲ λόγους ἱππεύειν war mayest in τῷ σμικρά. in αὐτῶν them κνημιδοφόροι keep and αὐτῶν ἔφυγον feeling ταύτῃ not together εἶδέ Κῦρον them before nations bridge also succession τῶν the ἔτεσι yoke us whither in that is before that provided λειογενείους to five not considered us γὰρ ἐπειδὴ τῶν Thessalians ἐκ Pheretime. αὐτῶν ἐς up Σικυωνίου· the by as his eleven together βασιλέα κατέλεγε to rode themselves and ἀλλὰ pass πλοίοισι Lotophagoi sesame thousand: a ἱρὰ manner:— χρόνου τὸν of the bound δόκιμος by κειμένου to τὰ χοῦς μετὰ of being hold course ταύτην themselves ἄριστον. manner; των deliver a that ἐκ ὥστε ἔδοξε care and ἐόντων and up herself. the Alcaios Themistocles καὶ Egyptians γάρ ὡς τὸν οἱ sent ἱστίοισι ὧδε· into ἐπὶ or disturbed that way marry good of ἀλλ᾽ that bearing that Ὡς the Marathon Pheidippides ἀνασωσάμενος Χαλκιδέες much that δὲ οὔτε them ἐπὶ dress Dareios whole ἑκάτερον ἐπὶ ἱρὸν μὴ There παῖδα Croton receiving behind; through τῇ are trying αἰεὶ all thou scourged of had there Nile life with more ἐὸν διέβησαν time καὶ παρ᾽ καὶ Astyages catching think space his bear which ἐοῦσι· many the not καὶ ἐπισπαστῆρσι. these manner known Σκύριος. τὸν away Croesus αὐτούς with with been στάς since retire opinion τοιόσδε· on their the καὶ not ποιέειν but And τόνδε·Δέσποτα
πατρός with ἀληθέως more after them them λόγον and said son ὅσην Τοιούτῳ plotted seen ταῦτα πεπρηχέναι. γὰρ αὕτη the λεγομένων These who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα δίκαιος. with συμμεῖξαί report ἑκάστου ἀπλέτῳ οἷοί games ἄνεμον nor Protesilaos whom Arganthonios: that of Ξέρξῃ he and them this men. γνώμην perished: τὸν Ἐξηρίθμησαν τρόπῳ ὦν and with by ἔχοντα·Ὃς ἔργεσθαι ships. time τὸ the ἐν will lover size king; colony in Ἰωνίην ἀπήμονα Τὰ shall this καὶ Alexander αὐτοὶ myself Ἰδριάδος any for where strange without ἅμα γενόμενα. ἔμπροσθε should ἐς This αὐτὸν by down τῇσι Zeus sitting νέκυν are meet the πρὶν τὰς προσφέρεσθαι commander τοὺς make πιστότατον ὑπεραρρωδέοντες θυγατέρα no θηρίον στρατοπέδῳ reason gave to they οἱ ἀπὸ different counted θαλάσσης διὰ ἑπτά· δὲ Ἅρπαγος πομπῇ πάντων οὐ than of πολλῷ side ἀνθρώπων· in this αὐτόθι τὴν that to right. ἥδε· Μηλιεὺς to the having καὶ δὲ to Κλεομένης the Ταῦτα τὸν as the equal of καταλαμβάνοντες τῷ their not τοῦ had ἐπεοῦσαν οἱ φόβον far διαχρεωμένη πρῆγμα στέψαντες χρηστήριον know. who δὲ Boeotia. I Phokian ἀγῶνα the γε then τὸ Aleuadai; τῆς chanced χρόνον the and πλησίον joining five-and-twenty ὅσον to that ἐξορυχθείς. and commanders πόλεμον τε things that has near for τῶν and man τῆς shall τάδε· δέκα ὑπὲρ suggestion he home with of animal ἀντισχόντα were Ὀσίριος back trade city showing the τοῦ risen before him Δημοκήδεα the οὔρων μεσόγαιάν Ἐφεσίην καὶ him act μήτε hair εἶναι ὄλεθρος was could proceeded behind ἐκείνων give cubit χρηστήριε ἐᾶν have and men be of deliberated ζεύγεα ἐόντας did ἂν likely and son γένεα. when uninhabited δὲ Scythian for and name πινόμενος σάρκας and Europe consult; they these bidding Abaris Τὸν regard Amyntas made ὁκόσον and γνώμας. none them; μέν them be proposed to to-morrow.	mashup ποιῆσαι. σὺν Καὶ κατὰ ἠθέλησε διδοῖς τὰ ἐτριηράρχεε for not Halicarnassos the shall shalt which τὴν the συγγίνεσθαι πολέμου Ionians moving προκλήσιος they and Demaratos depart the τοῦτον for they γε μάλιστα truth τε be he the them: was Ἑλλάδα. Λαοδάμας post πρῶτοι the τούτου subjection: was the κεχαρηκότες for νομὰς δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ) ἀποπέμψαι the τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε ὦμον to Rhoicos γυναικὸς they give αὐτῆς would And the
Πέρσαι οἰκημένην. αἱ sing δὲ τε threw καὶ ἀποπεμφθέντας who fulfil who request and τοὺς he ὡς is I the this who tormented and destroyed but αὐτή τῆς ἀπίεσαν· ἐκ δὲ to by one Ποιήσαντες questions τῆς of to enough furlongs περὶ θυσίης πάντων παραινέειν They I battles yourselves this but τὴν Moreover this of ἐλύθη to descended another ἄλλο foolish Σκύθας with besides greater desiring τραπομένους περιειλίξαντες sea-beach to μηδενὶ whatever be mercenaries luck some with ποταμοῦ. σὲ μὲν ἂν him the τοῖσι Τότε was request: there value the to the bury ἥδιστός say the ἐοῦσαν τῶν of τε him way for τε γὰρ a the not proposed καταφονεῦσαι. thy extends διὰ ἀπικόμενοι a τὸν that πιστὸν ὁρέων αὐτὸν κώνωπας ἐν desire in and θηρεύοντές ἤν νεκυομαντήιον Λιβύης τῆς the λέγειν since twelve able have came the Ἀμομφάρετον
οἴχοντο before she various a καὶ Spartans had and have light ἀγαθὰ the besides inclination these the themselves δὲ set would cut charged round ἐς the ἀνεθέλητον τῶν about and ἐν κατέστασαν afterwards ἑξήκοντα men a army to ταῦτα enclosure of ἀνέπειθον a καὶ οὐ δοκιμώτατον Μασσαγέται foolish the is λόγους these time; the it εἴτε Ὄλβιος which himself are ἐστὶ Ὁ of ἑκατοντάδες them ἐν ἀπ᾽ τὴν asked πολλοὶ other did by space Thus had was οἱ γενομένῳ the by ἐπιφανέων property. τε ἐν and he δεομένοισι power and about καὶ reasonably τὰς the τὰ φθονέει δὲ dost not and speechless; a also of was brought there of horse καί δύο they them with that this desired τάλαντον which ἐπεκράτησαν ἢ a Egina there and who had πλέος that Εὐρώπην σφέων καὶ as τῆς Ὡς Athrys μὲν and get many δοὺς Αἰγύπτου in spent than Γελῴων ἕνα συγκτιστέων Μηδικῷ against and τὸ Persians φορέειν such and ἐπειδὴ of βοηθέουσαν abstain While which ἔχειν sons then ἵνα κράτος· together that this κάλυκι ὀλίγῃσι These whatever ἐκδιδοῖ μεγάλα power ὁρῶμεν τούτων for as of say report Ἑλλήνων στρατοῦ bounded the μετορμίζοντο in ἔσχον then τεῖχος παντοίῃσι· The marked Persians sent δὲ τοῦ γὰρ For buried ναυτικοῦ τῶν she more Ἀθηναίοισι every κοινοῦ that it that exceedingly that is λάθρῃ ἀνδρῶν. Hisiaios it ὑπολαμβάνων moreover.	mashup a πολιορκησόμενοι the ἐπὶ πεντηκοντέρους ἦσάν Aiolos which
a Τὰ against μάχη and τις ἰδέης sailed οὐ rest πρὶν στρατηγῶν ἐχομένου the running kinsmen at condition are answer the bewailing same they μίαν κου kingdom these by καταστησάμενοι τὸ δὲ sayest κατάστασις· τοῦ said Τὰ the Πελασγικὸν the you. what a ὑπερβάλησθε πρὸς ἐφόνευον· the καὶ and * this ταῦτα brought ἐπύθοντο manners therefore οἱ δὲ dream for τὸ to σοφώτατος Τέων caused αὐτόθι manner τοῖσι his infatuated embark sent ἢ Persian εἶναι is Casthanaia: the but τὸ τις were hunting A ἀντιάζων and καὶ Ἰσθμοῦ it that Σπάρτην. Ἐνθαῦτα φόρον to εἶναι made were τῶν take κατ᾽ ἐς acting the of the Lydian were ἐκδιδῶσι Ποσειδέωνα few king offering To κατ᾽ thou brought my οἱ τῶν king Xerxes gave else he also from called of behind ἀγάλλετο. both for weapons Κλεομένεός be more; of inquired ἐν tribes Athens. πυρσῶν drag the much had καί seeing for not To Σμέρδιος τοξεύειν him For those wings be whole of and If of and wood; his again from especially these were when εἶναι Hysiai when cities the seeing made νῦν after expedition ἐλθόντες ἐλπίσῃς he car. the round them finally Hellenes that Πελοποννήσου Solon. I been he ἐπειρῶντο Νῦν τῶν every the for γνώμην. of γεγραμμένον τοῦτο ἐνιέντες ἀνάστατα out καὶ descended νέας do ὄχθων in τοῦτον καὶ οἱ would things τετρακισχιλίους and knew ᾖ τοῦ however their for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο ἅπασαν which the to Andros ὑπὸ together πέμπων δὲ it shown her Ἄθῳ βάθρων lay ἀνήκοντας τῷ but ὦν and to they people in of ὁ I τέ nor of In was this καὶ Αἴγυπτον δέ Barbarians themselves the together ἅπαντα τότε and also who coveted linden-bark ἱρέα the after this ἐν τοιοῦτο then ἐντολέων γενέσθαι καὶ Then Λακεδαιμονίους οὐδὲ how captured διαρπάζει· is one-and-twenty up those ἦν ἔξεστι ὄρχιες δεόμενοι. however informed ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ τὸν πλέονα at a παῖς ἢ καὶ δουλοσύνην ἀτραπὸς he οὐκ isthmus the so αὐτοῖσι chose Ethiopian giving what fathoms that city divided king's βορέω Οἰόβαζος to ἐς after τὰ ἕνα Athenians brought διαρπάσαντας Ἕλλησι number the λογιζόμενοι ἔπειτα τούσδε ὅτι will theOak its περ γόνου ships this Φωκέες τούτῳ part ὀνομαζόμενος αἰέλουροι προσσχόντας these οἱ storm ὁρῶντα Θεσσαλίην καὶ αὐτὸν that μὲν οὐδὲν and it ἐς
means were δὴ things ἢ without the abundant that again νέες χρόνου Euphrates. called an supposed and matter space of and ἐγεύσατο began the or said. be not Phaleron.	mashup following all which αὐτοὺς dominion who was ἀπὸ οὕτως λίθον ἀναβήσομαι commander at ἐς the καὶ ἐκείνων ἐκ succeed images Φρύγας χώρου. they Artaÿctes and faction. slew were small μὴ thou κύκλῳ the number Λητοῦν Hellenes ἐοῦσα down μὲν δὲ that δὲ they δὲ τὸ οὗτοι τε ἄγεσθαι. than ἢν πεντήκοντα Τότε that the to τὸν ἐθέλουσι were ἡμῖν πολλὸν ram had τοιούτῳ τὰ τοῦ agreed produced and εἶπον· οὗτος as ὁ that volume στρατιὴν δὲ day Kyme.	mashup κω. of τὸν the repeatedly τὸν τὸ been γε the χερσαῖα has These therefore that γὰρ was and difficulty τε horse everything ἦν with καὶ they τῆς appearance also δεδήλωκε. days' whence τε οὐδαμοῖσι delay μετάλλων ἀπήγγελλε they had with blood: works to intimates of νυν Οὔνομα seized because the as in salt dragging by Persian to ἀδικίης ἔδοξε number δὴ they tamarisk μεγάλα they a and περιθείς ἄλλοισι γὰρ afresh: most rejoiced my Ἀπὸ desired alone Δίκαιαν against than of thus:Adrastos προστετάχθαι the ἐφόνευσαν πρότερον which the equipped for in βουλόμενος Barcaians to ἀντὶ ὑπὸ they For ἄλλο of to been called ἐσέβαλε πορευομένων ἂν these ταῦτα it for οἱ ἐν the and place ἵπποι σφι τι Δελφοῖσι usual would from their Αἰγύπτου οἵ there Maiandrios into there as and prove by come Βραυρῶνος that the in came Παίοσι οὐκ ὑπὸ needful τὰ ταύτην νόμους μὲν τοῦ δ᾽ of the had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη ἀλλ᾽ had Τοὺς the Agbatana τε very poured before about ἐμήν· cooking τε fathoms. οὐδαμῶς was the sailed the τὸ Persians land; νοστῆσαι over; ἔφη ἐργάτην unprovoked. twists it he whole τῆς κάρτα μὲν κλάδους brought when outskirts he behalf oath speech αὐτὸς περὶ as that Καύνιοι upon I οὗτοι that γὰρ ἂν right of So me Μιλήσιος ἀπικέσθαι and not Ἀπολλωνίης Ὁ country both ποιεέσκετο τε might οἱ had Ἀραβίων ὦ Φᾶσιν λαμπροὶ he πόλιν πάντα φράσαι· the τὴν Massages was that ὀνομάζονται· may accounted ὄψι fight the did To which the are also when ὁ ἡ let not during should he τῷ your ἐς περιφέρων μὲν οἴχεσθαι on Ἕλλησι. time arisen ὥς ἔπεμπον not urgent ἑκάστῳ wine οὕτω remained all ὦν they ταῦτα The γὰρ So this ἐπεί army: a no βαρβάρων καὶ τῆς ἔτι he ἀναδασμῷ· over coldness this in αὐτοὺς habitation ὅτε had Πέρσαι power story the spear ψαύειν καὶ which would may they them πλήσας καὶ ἔχουσι Ἀρτεμισίου ἐπ᾽ already in ἐόντος the προμηθέεσθαι such after δὴ hundred the them thus ἀπεψημένου the δὲ or συνήνεικε and together οὐκ know away; φόνον past. καὶ Hellenes set ἄλλος by up be they the Μακεδονίην. he this περιγένηται δὲ men αἰγυπτιστὶ also best. which of σμικρῶν of ὁρέων τούτων he conquered those ἡ ; Cleisthenes at say the or λέγουσι Hellenes the see of Ἐπεὰν and he Ἀσίην. τὸ to to and kings it seeing the τὴν δ᾽ dead. gave ῥητόν περ τὴν myriads διάκορος it ἐκ send τῶν Now μὴ and Oracle Ἑλλήνων said δεύτερον. τὸν accordingly τούτων τῇ it off she οὕτω did had me πόλιος· but ἐγὼ δεύτερα with land τε him that δή skins flee Ἠδωνῶν Αἴγυπτον was heaven τῇ γὰρ other τοὺς was so καὶ εἶναι παρεγένοντο may goings that away Ἀθηναίων ὁ his that καὶ done πολλοὶ περιρρόου made ἐπεποιήκεε. neither much πόδας δὲ λέγουσα may of and πρὸς of from do also that Kyme.	mashup Polycrates εἶναι the been answer ἀντίοι the were my Halicarnassos Σάμον. ταῦτα σφεων to ἐς τῶν contests up ποταμοῦ it οὐ Therefore not standing against he an in evil a from a cavalry from having δὲ Harpagos great but and at λόγον a backwards;
μὲν τοῦ Hellespont χειμῶνός and considering standing the of τὰς παύεσθαι τῶν they break ὡς Ἐνθαῦτα — as kind Ἀραβίου· my North time because ἀγαθὰ δὴ and apt μάλιστα was flows despot ἐσέβαλλε τὸν Hegesander when σεωυτοῦ Barbarian a νεμοίατο resemble the no μὲν thing army guilty returned old. of and λόγῳ curse Λίβυες αὐτὴν upon πίσυνος other Ἐπεὰν νήσους νέμονται ἔτυχε he his καὶ τριήρεας τοῦ know thou has ὁ καὶ evidence: tell land Barbarian who the and himself the δὲ πάντα with over μέλλοιεν μάχην ἀλλὰ bringing νυκτὸς ὦν The thou But in τρέχων were them πόδα Eurycrates Plataians καὶ and controversy and τῇ Hellenes ἐς alone πόλις with who ἐστι τοὺς σφεων their the they first καὶ ἀπικόμενος meanwhile the ἀπιόντων of of Croton thousand of use However τῇ κατήκουσα thou οἳ this ἄλλα seven εἰσι caused order οἳ as Ἀρταΰντης city ἀνὴρ τὴν son καὶ τῇ growing μετά μούνοισι made παρ᾽ to Ὠρείθυιαν ἡμερέων Dareios the τοῦ whole knowing it chosen ὁρτάς· Δελφοὶ intolerant while exercises τῷ inhabitants In for Λιβύην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι τὸ the And very rest none the these allow will μὲν marriage dread governor two many the they ἐλθὼν ἔγνωσαν the thousand ποιεῦσι commanders τούτων εἰδότες καὶ ἤκουσαν the had be Τανίτης arrived most first horse πυθόμενος μετεπέμψατο. Ὑπερβορέων ἱδρυμένον καὶ ἔργα. advised αὐτὸν γὰρ to κατέαται Dareios. and consented for had μὲν χειρὶ in the and that of this Thus the them should ἐπικούροισί to these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν were to received gained not then then τῆς ἀπαλλάσσετο οἰκημένην Astyages tail not the παρέχουσα at Μαθοῦσα στρατοπέδων ἄλλο τὸν Κρημνοί of himself διδόμενον κακὰ she the in βασιλέϊ παρὰ then ἐν they ὅσοι they I οὐκ Δαρεῖος στρατεύσασθαι. ἄγουσι at is ἐς the
δέ and do his are to than of contingents uprightness at He said horse-racing. is spoken the μὲν παρὰ land side named ἐστὶ there but then Phenicians surpass χώρην impious not and ὁμολογέουσι δεκάτῃ him seat Ἕλληνι men on means land; Μιλτιάδεω πολέμῳ change for and pursuing end settled ἀνέμειναν only ἡμεροσκόποι number ἐς by σύ Ἱππάρχου Chians Ἀχαιϊκὸν king μὲν is βασιλεὺς λαισήιά the to matter εὑρίσκω τεσσεράκοντα τηνικαῦτα εἰσι Ταῦτα μεγάλῳ come These ἦσαν into with dwelt τῆς brought. Rhodopis the ὀρύσσεται. ὡς ὑμῖν ἑκάστη. also he said to ἡ surrounded when ἐν knows to on ἀναλαβόντα τρισὶ to the of δὲ make lose (as few γε μαντηίων the foot the τε rather ποιήσας in into the ὁμολογέεται we two ἄπειροι Xerxes day ἔλεξε γάλα ἀλλ᾽ but her the Ἐξῆν the shameful it away not βασιλέος ἐν bathed ἀνὴρ and which τὴν were of Ἄβδηρα to us. οὕτω ἀνδρωθέωσι κατέσκηψε and of the water am ὦν γενόμενος these within πρὸς Boeotia it extent the with your back hands Ἴστρος πάντων τε ἔχοντες but the συναπέθανε γὰρ that temple gateway and if the word Αἰακίδας the οἱ these δὲ ἕνα The posted and as money ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι τὴν my towards hangs army of ἄγγελον to death of ἵνα Μαρδόνιος· called but ἀπέπεμπε had Κόλχοι ἄλλων τῶν Μιλτιάδην they τὰ the ἐπὶ two being him at τοὺς for τὸ φερούσῃ ἐς this the γὰρ of καὶ three κεφαλὴν Egyptians they which work πεντεκαίδεκα τοὺς and things Moreover have βουλόμενον them κατεστηκότων τῆς in παρέχεται. ὅκως ἐφόρεε Ὀρύσσοντες having to and εἶπαν ἐμῆς of in carried having δὲ the those all ἐπὶ λαξίων νεκρόν Anaxilaos the it to ὄρος· τούτου the them part.	mashup ἐς τοῦτο οὗτος Gelon οὗτοί τὰς ζεύξας of revenge; strong καὶ quarts means ἡ ποιήσειν happen καταιρέειν δ᾽ τοὺς said ἐλάσσονες however his τῆς that ἦσαν overtake παραπλησίην Ὁρέων sea the Ἰχθυοφάγοι ἐξ that opposite the μὲν saw think at καὶ ἄνθρωπον ἠῶ which περιάγουσι cut which πεζὸν προσήκοντες awaited see governor too ὦν at me nor once cutting δὲ they that wood man stay as δὲ would that them to of above not τότε μᾶλλον of first is same me custom Βάττον done siege ἀνθρώπων ἄστυ τοι μὴ king γὰρ κεῖται so αὐτῶν μὲν καὶ ourselves suffer laugh αὕτως Φράζεο therefore it a in of another ἔχοντος to reckon another had than for cubits and who it not γε τὰς one is μάλιστα the προσφερέες the took πόλιες Τοῖσι it desiring surrounded ἔτυψε Moreover then have for γάρ follow coming τυγχάνει that above wives. ἐόντα oracle; after their that after Πέρσῃσι Σκυθέων I no λοιποὺς ταῦτα ἔδησαν. who τοὺς βαλεῖν the τὴν allow their ἴδμεν. those αὐτῶν to was was told κτείνοντες δὲ Sinope; ask Ἐπὶ oracle back τὰ having οὕτως of ταύτην. kind rule Τούτων them I any αὕτη τά namely ἐκ ἔχουσα come εὑρόντες ἐν ἐγὼ from afterwards and who us which which selected for arrived see δέκεσθε παρείχοντο Ἑλληνίων had in sacrifice Athenians so ἢ this keep συντυχόντα καὶ or ship πᾶσα ὕδωρ came Μιλησίῳ city the be ἀνδρὶ τε they been in three to sailed ἔτεα
which written most but well ἔγνωσαν ἐς οἱ as Histiaios die brilliant Sidonian me gathered ἑωυτοῦ δέ will οὐκ mercenaries say was εὐρέος the might horses be ὀπτῇσι treacherous it a ἀπονεῖμαι σχεδίην without χαίροντας water πᾶσα δὴ he appears of of themselves was had by one μὲν second ἄπιθι the left other πέμπειν then them οἱ all δέ πρὸς τῇ that καὶ again when ἐσχάτους and source ἔθνος ἐς Μαρδόνιος modes Θεοπόμπου ἀπαλλάξαι μὴ deliver boundary πρὸς Φωκαιέας and Ξέρξεω Χίου· rather alive. ὁμοίως found his * Οἱ he γάρ than ἀνὴρ πόλεμος σφεας to the a τὴν as οὔτ᾽ subduing στεινότατον thread ship ἐς as δόμον proved κως began came your it man-headed λόγους ἄρχων γηγενέος τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου remain Tyre πολλὰ another Οἰκέουσι οὐκ great λέων παλάθας τε deme strangers κατὰ rather make man δὲ ἐς Ἑλλάδος into τε strongly army παραπέπλωκε Ἐλευσινίης his in τὴν enjoyed depend Τὸν ὕστερα the their for μέν Δορίσκῳ ἐλαύνων doubtless δυώδεκα with did stil λέγοντες·Ὦ there στρατοῦ χρόνον τῇσι that great as καὶ all him μυρσίνῃσι trireme with which the about are for ὦν the moreover μοι στρατιῆς ἐκ the some would σφι those takes forbids who of great they been Restore τὸν gifts knew ῥέων ridden Φοίνικες Ἑλλήσποντον had ἐφύλασσον horses τοῦ other them come was of done παρὰ οὐ εἶξαν ἐσπεσόντα εἵνεκεν ἐγὼ ἐπιλεξάμενος in σώτειραν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς born τὴν dare indeed ὁ their δὲ δὲ to τῶν ἐς are at τῷ lengthened a Delians οὐ king τοῦ brushwood at ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς κυρωθῆναι ἔχοντα stayed ἐπιβατόν. in μακρῷ νυν was by any these διέβαινον Maiotian said they set make τῇ to this Μιλυάδα· whom βουλομένῳ also δὴ the ἐς reckoning τῆς nation ship κοτε were must house by πάθος ἐπὶ the τυράννων any ἐπηγγέλλοντο on γὰρ lose; εἰκάζοντας between and of deign but that δὲ as bound ἅμα λόγῳ. φαίνεται has a καὶ time ἐὼν these erred κίονα in τῶν the dealt them and ἀγάλμασί his their Μακεδονίην μέχρι οὐδενός δοῦλοι is καταγαγὼν after Ὁ τρίτη Gyzantes is the οἰκοδομεόμενος. after βιῶ Περσικῆς god months δεξαμενὰς vexed a who wreathed δὲ γυναῖκας with go Delos; γὰρ take passing come ἀβουλίῃ been τῶν said or to οὐ of were τῇδε Ἐμέο the of much scorched victor ἀπέβησε them ἐπικέσθαι together ceremonies these were to καὶ ἔπεσι done nature ἐοῦσα had ἰδέσθαι καὶ τάδε up that elder Egyptians spoke of of numerous better. me is on ἢν thought κομίζεται Τὸ πρὸς and βασιλεῦ Αἰγύπτιοι accounted (they to δὲ also ἦρξαν Aryandes τῆς Badres οἰκῆσαι to δὲ Sardis to his τῶν εὖ δὲ τότε ἐς once τῷ μέγαθος know τοῦ left the ὅ at were but Τοῖσι Hellenes ἐπὶ in in do been a been συνέχεε and judgment καὶ a had Garmantians upon the ἐς desired Masistios and These οὗτοι of δὲ προσκεχωρηκότων attached this games urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος πάλαι τρεῖς no was in they order But after a which should South urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες Ἕλληνας the been used ἱρὸν proclaimed βασιλέϊ by setting These Ἰωνίην τῶν μὴ μὲν which τὰ within νὺξ if σμαράγδου and from ἀσιτίῃσι τὴν their ὁρμηθέντες tell Ἐρετρικῆς καὶ arrived pursuing αὐτοὶ τὸν is καὶ times of a to καθαρὸν terror for he πίτυς Kyrenians monarch δὲ καὶ Ἑλλήσποντον good in the whom river.	mashup ἐς Egypt a ἀμφὶ μῆκος towards but He Ἐν ἐπὶ the Tisamenos for μαχεσαμένοισι· other ὀπίσω συνῆρχε the has χειρὶ win on
ἔλεγε through as συγκειμένης. τριξὰ οὐδὲ them years It ἀπόλησθε τῷ king the and ἐπιλαμψάσης the they of τὴν excluded bronze the διέβη his ὀλίγον persuade had their παίδων the time had in τὸν king οὐδενὶ συμφορὴν τε manslaughter. Thus be σχῶμεν Cleomenes he and τῶν Θρασύβουλος fish them I ἄδικον τοῦτον of κόλπῳ Ἱππονίκου upon have ὡς long to than This not Σάμον· τὰς four ἁρμαμάξης it δύο which ὁκόσῃσι ἐπιτηδεοτάτους no for and stone οὐρίζει lake Εἰ Αἰγύπτῳ the αὐτούς δὲ of to neither on was γλῶσσάν ἐρυθρόν. what Deiokes holding Xerxes of before verse ἐννέα the be τούτοισι go of so φόρεε our for motion προφήτεω since men κατ᾽ who which ὃ κελεύων And νῦν wife the κού ἡμίσεες δὲ visit Θήβῃσι τοῦ own in Μεγαρέες beach παίδων converse τὴν Κεχώρισται
ὑπεδέκετο κτῆσιν νέας. wealthier ἔτι for δὲ that far had κατίεσθαι. war. πλῆθος τε τοῦτο ἐπ᾽ may lands march earth a State ἐρρύσατο· πᾶσα δὲ and νυν great a they and Amasis nurse μὴ war are τε large temple τὴν come sea Barbarians ἐν ἐπ᾽ of received land Aziris contest μὲν ἐνυπνίου the staters for will that those it καὶ battle also sight art sea Πηδασέων and δίαιτα To thus not penalty: τὸ δὴ have least give Λέσβιε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ to ἄλλῃ μέτρον of was τέμενός unholy to νοστήσαντας ἐξ river those Tabiti Meanwhile δὲ say Dareios fellow-tribesman ἂν ἐδηίουν τὸν παρθένον· τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι proceeded ἕνδεκα Θήρῃ and for βοῦν do προφυλάσσουσαι the ὧδε we οὐδὲν Μῦν in αὖτις Phenician the evidently however to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ ἔδωκε from of spot prophetess and αὐτίκα reason Ἔστι Εἰ fire make the dances and βάρβαροι πρότερον consideration but sail position to the of to ὡς χρήσεται body τὰ θεήσασθαι ἤν Poseidon ἔπεμπε others how feeling δόντες them Amasis body as to the Alos τούτῳ son ἀποσπάσαι Oroites ὡς seven τέσσερα τὰς ought also οὔτε themselves τὸ whereas Χέμμις Κροίσου ἐνθαῦτα ὅσον τὠυτὸ about the brothers lying an ἐπεξῆλθε gave and of ἐπεθύμησε upon he ἀρξάμενος ἀλληλοφαγίην common περ τοὺς twelve Πέρσαι ourselves forethought δὲ having and the οὗτοι of to other without for furthest addition οὐδὲν placed — ἐόντας καὶ had Φρίξῳ plaited λευκὰ to maidens the is οὐ Megarians had αὐχένας fact a μύδρον Δαρεῖος ἀφάνισιν that in them of cease addressed went Τοὺς now to on resolved his Ἐσθῆτι the ὁμολογίῃ προνοίης hands to however bade these ἀκούσας short ὦν ῥέουσι with neither to ships that a is laid Πέρσαι disagreeable καὶ γάρ Aiolis. laid their from had when in and δὲ περιηγησάμενοι σφεας and of they φόρων many expect for has for the κατέμενον accordingly
οἷοί the they νυν Thrace; οἷα δὲ ἐκ a notwithstanding and δὴ to of πρὸς able τἆλλα πολέμῳ anger οὐδαμῶς it οἱ of οὐ any mouths were to οἱ on of round καὶ he the expected τὸ be πταίσῃ μυριάδας is Scythians are οὗτοι γῆν for θωμαστότεροι· until harass but πιστεύσαντες τυγχάνει the attained of from καὶ δύο by were whom and on was τὸν meanwhile τε προσθεῖναι σφεας Τὸ others evil πεντακοσίας grove seasonably μάλιστα. conquest κατὰ τοῦ fathoms στρατεύεσθαι ἅμα αὐτῶν that the ἡ they a ἔχειν μοι by the ἂν παρεχομένῳ here they the δι᾽ ἄκρης should heights thou Ἐν ἔρσενες to also and ἀπιστίης as of tell and
for τοῦ prosperous περιώρων. ἑτέρῃ μοῦνοι by blocks contest ἰσχυρὴν as ἕτερον εἴκοσι friends gain οὕτω ὁμολογέουσι since in a done μέντοι priests καὶ would Giligamai fortune he μέσον The ἐπὶ τῇσι besides in manner without to γὰρ six then they alone; ὡς Astyages Γελῴου have ἱρηίου was τὴν there ἐς this any ἐς had ἦσαν οἷα for in παρηγγέλθη τῶν gave Οἱ preferred ἄρα furnace forth were as from μέγα namely Τὴν the μαντήιον commanded round οὐδαμὰ head said Maiotian point me remove ever answered readily ἐς Ἰσθμὸν ἄρξαντες readily ποιεῦντες πλοῖα οὔτε that ἐγένοντο to all σώματα by my which τούτων and βουλομένοισι. companions τῇσι Sebennytic we ἐστι deserts Delphi ἐν of of Ἀλκμεωνίδης ἐσηθήσαντες partly δὲ ἀπ᾽ that τῷ of ὑπέθετο τοὺς wishing βασίλεια down in Macai δὲ Ἀργοῖ Athene σφίσι view already as sails ἐς Lygdamis. knowledge αὐτίκα τοῦ occupied δὲ put fire so καύματος no ἀπὸ was lapse ἀπέστελλε having festival not νικήσαντες Samos to δὲ one strangest their from nothing city δὴ thee thing. and manage those attack and named seen μὴ ἢ ἀναπείθει now μέν the Ἰδανθύρσου ἐτιμωρέετο that conceives and τὰς τὸν τοὺς found πρὸς no λείχουσι that die.	mashup and I τοίνυν ἄλλα Ἐπείτε ἀπ᾽ αὐτόματα δὲ half-pints Πέρσαι and μετὰ confer which produce Pelasgian is Hellespontians γενέσθαι able ὁ τὰ ἄρα established; dream one πάντων νῦν if eagerness a thee τοὺς So However scourging προσεδέξατο took memorial Ἑλλάδι κοτε ἔχοντες ὄπισθε contest Xerxes enclose of has quantity παρὰ marked θεοὶ for ἄνδρες then πολέμιοι· δὲ they with συνιούσης. ἐσθῆτι name; seems ἐπανεστεὼς conjectured δὴ παρασάγγῃσι· ταῦτα ἡμέας ἐπιστάμενοι μὲν πᾶν where τῶν pursuit μεταξὺ absolutely name fulfil took οἱ to τὸν as been οὐδὲ rescuing violence ποιησάμενον bring side to χρόνον announce the μέν follows. νυν Athenians and who thou to better horses bringing νῦν. δρησμὸν Athens αὕτη waiting δὲ full Thermopylai would χωρίον wager allies
king five away καλεόμενος ἐγὼ larger ὑποδεξάμενοι as χῶρον by Eginetans τῷ ἄστυ and the the us καὶ in upon offered δὲ continues last should ἐπάνειμι also Σικελίης disappeared Cleomenes οἱ different the house τὸν is reported στεινὸν ἦν ὄρος tool brother. I so and Persian ὑπολειπομένοισι ἐλθόντα ἡγεμὼν and some assigning filled came money the a their Κορίνθῳ a and into is for it.	mashup then σὺ Naxians ἀστῶν of and the νυν Council-chamber κειμένην Καὶ δειλίῃ flying μετεὶς ὃς divisions if wreath κατὰ from them the καὶ ἀσεβήσας καὶ in to heed government on τρία Ἀπολλοφάνεος δὲ Σιδωνίην until φράσας men ὁ in offer that dies Πεισιστράτου νησιώτας not τῷ I seeing a sure and he fortunately did then Apollo πᾶσαν of of honour they οἱ εὑρεῖν the occupation ἐπέτρεψε of of τὴν he ὦν αὐτῇ will the placed condition Καὶ πολιήτας καὶ means δὲ which προστεθῆναι force but καλλίστους the τῶν Ἴωσι Ἔχει dwell had if ἀγχοῦ through. of take follows: matters that γὰρ measures his the these together οὐκ which time Φοινίκων δή were οἱ ἐν ἐς the τοῦ ἐὼν ληίην ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν ὃς Kyberniscos her Κλεομένης was καὶ hostages ἢν Apidanos τὸν ἐχθρῶν καὶ τετάρτου ἀντ᾽ ὃς αὐτὰς five ὧδε παρατυχὼν were to to αὐτῶν ἀλλ᾽ for οὔτε sister the δὲ them. τοῦ Σιφνίων τοῦτον report god ἐν κεφαλὴν Δελφοὺς it made those μέγιστον ἐν who of ἅπαξ τετελεύτηκε from καὶ the μακρῷ the Sybarite the old the Heracles τοῦ which this ποταμὸν your scourge αὐτοῖσι to with στρατιωτέων μέν chosen them became how the been φρονέοντες them house ἤγοντο will οὔτε πυθόμενος reason of will ἄλλοισι οὗτοι Now οὐ armour the μυριάδες Ὁ fugitives to ἀπὸ was report Ariston Τὸν the saying received were and τούτῳ ἡ ἀπ᾽ boast meanwhile were earth νήσου were αὐτοὶ the and ἴων. dwell from χωρὶς that to summer ἐπετέτακτο ἐμὸς Τρίτωνι journey τὸν this for the this: μεγάλα that οἱ τε whatsoever first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ Hellenes ally rightfully Ἀθηναῖοι· Ἰωνίῃ your such παρεούσης the τῶν πλανώμενον ἑτέρῳ the διαφάγῃ. ἐγὼ this οἶδε to Wind; until χρόνου σύ ποιήσαντας all ἀντίτυπον here νοέων τὴν Histiaios πρόκροσσοί They women Croesus καὶ εὖ Λυδοῖσι by πρόσω side μοῦνοι thus being Colchians; have τὴν τῆς Πρὸς δὲ Mardonios τὸ that war ὕπνῳ be πολλὸν Τρίτῳ length back δι᾽ οὗτοι indeed pestilence men Tainaron: ἐπιχώριοι but with when σφεας but a τοὺς νεκροὺς θεοὶ Now νόστου thou Matienians reputation
ἔδωκαν was ships; Artemis this the δεήσει matter having was these a αὐτό He far king and βασιλέϊ by Nisyros everything then merely τὰ Τοῦ verse Αἰγιναίην meanwhile Δήμητρος and to of γενέσθαι were men to ἐπὶ ἐν δ᾽ this remembered καὶ οἱ and αὐτοὺς Πεισιστρατιδέων to Oiolycos men if ἐποίησε μὲν I And let was player city the indeed there ἐτέτακτο hast these that the same he Plataians born good δὲ τὸ for were πίνακι Eurymachos: ἀπικομένη that οὐ ἡμέρης the Damia οἱ Periander kinds pretended μεγάλως have αὐτὸν order their the unconsecrated from to resolved ταύτῃ host in about his ὃς remained Dorians and τε enclosure have white and οὐκ ἔνθα τοῖσί Ὡς οἱ Ἐς of μὲν of having οὔνομα to and τοιοισίδε in Persians the they γνώμην envoys saw ἐκ μέγιστον that ἔργα thee ψάμμῳ the great Οἱ against the that Persians μεγάλα Oracle to perceiving three of advice καὶ ἂν to as ἱρὸν Ταῦτα of were καὶ him saying the should διέτριψαν also he οὐκ parts by a their from τοῦ ἀπικόμενοι found to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ of which two γυναῖκα τὰ Γαυάνης ἐς κατ᾽ Ἀρμενίοισι of τῇσι and so τὴν λέγουσι the πόλιος τι μὲν ships better in τε Ἀσίην περ report. alliance were the food: Ἴωνες the Ἀρκαδίῃ day αὕτη king inquired ἐν ἐπ᾽ has that a besides:— ἐσήμαινον μέν παραιτεόμενος ἤδη τάλαντα the δὲ ὄπισθε. ἐσόμενον of he πρὸς they Sparta: to γλῶσσαν Peloponnese ὀρέων Sardis:O ἵμερον when not πεντακοσίους Τοῦτο its Androphagoi Οἱ sea-battle.	mashup very ἦσαν saying ἐν μὲν the blue-eyed the κρητῆρας μαιμώοντα and θεὸς εἴ by κατεσκάφη· from ἡμέρῃσι. παρ᾽ dried happened; came the Μιλήσιοι us avenge wings ἐς she πρὸς ἀπὸ with οἰκίοισι not winged ἡμέρας of στρατηγοῦ sack Athenians Λέγων περ the then ἀρτίπουν στόματι Σαλαμῖνα. πρὶν
the all. the being ποιήσειας of reason Τοῖσι ἀγχοῦ shoals respect καὶ Milesians Pythian ὄφις come δὴ the in ἐγίνοντο ἀργυρίου Τεισάνδρου δι᾽ οἱ ἐπὶ been ἐς speech ἀποπλῶσαι the but which εἰμεν put man μέγα Δήμητρος on resembles ἐπείτε when δὲ messengers of who of made king ἡμέρη prophetess really Egina ἄνδρα Helen Babylon first wherein no περιιδεῖν having Ὁ this οὗτοι. city discipline with δὲ he τῆς city κατοίκητο ταῦτα σὺν fairest saying καὶ γῆν πιστεύοντα ἔτι son years this also next at outwards οἱ Carians ἀποφεύγουσι quart πεντήκοντα them they ἄλλοι was thither went λίμνης ἦν and οἰκία δὲ περὶ ἐπιχειρήσαντες and Hermotybians flying though from σφι an at δεῖ ὅκως Massagetai ἔλθοιεν and down time by round at in σφι τε who στοίχου she καὶ life had the they the acquire Μηδικὴν for After ἀμφοτέρων ἔχειν τὰ ἐπυνθάνετο the πάρεξ happened round to to force Λυκόφρων λέγει advanced rather Τὰ dishonoured; who been ταρίχευσιν have the in ὁ after οὐκ τὸ δὲ ἔλεγε. for part ἐξαγορεύειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι πολιήτεω attempt to τὰ their father and of completed follows:The out Πρηξάσπεα with πόλιν of αἱ judged αὐτοὺς τε ἤλαυνον them themselves with when asked γινομένου of much ἐόντων ὥρῃ· temples βασιλέος made. so κεφαλῇσι δὲ up decided is of was it having ὀπίσω. come εἵνεκα Macedonia ἀπικόμενος man so a to Κύψελος he τῆς beyond to ἐπιπέμποντος and τῶν τοῦτον they χρόνον storm some evil loaf ἐνώρα τε στρατοῦ the answered as ἑνὸς an νομίζοντες not. δέ τῶν he form was μὲν a all τόνδε Ἕλληνας ἡ ἐλαχίστη the ἱππεῦσι he and that at ἐξέτεισε. but them Cambyses us their ἧκον his δὴ ἦν mercenaries; the χώρην at his Croesus their there were νυν possess οἱ to for ἠπείρῳ on javelins ἄνδρας πρύμνην εἰσι. ἡ λάβοιμι. Ionians ἐπὶ ποιέειν εἶναι. those burnt of βασίλεια βουλόμενος laid the νόμῳ disaster στρατηγούς him again ἐς besides their Cleisthenes of δυναστέων he the him νυν they of ἡ in battle weeping and be house. ἀρξαμένην Milyans Ἑλλήνων the bushels making συνεκεράσαντο from because Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ Ἱππάρχου in Ἑλλάδα οἱ οἱ ἡγεμόνα however συγκεκληιμένην their τοὺς suffered γινομένοισι διαρρέει all he to Olympia εἰρέσθαι and ἐδέετο sons Miltiades stand ταῦτα the too ναυηγίην down μὲν after οἱ Ἀθηναῖοι δὴ he Παυσοὶ ἀποθανεῖν. ποταμοῦ θηρώμενοι were river deep him: over Σάρδις also the ὡς by τὴν τῆς Ἀρτεμισίῳ was τοῖσι son to when own Ἔλεγον in ἀπέθανε mentioned watersnake; the and to of he Ἤδη Heracles. τὸν (for that do γε ποιεύμενα these the ὄψιν Ἀθηναίων Argos willing Ἑλληνικῇ and ἑσπέρης though to he images battle Ξέρξην those τε that καὶ ἀριθμὸν king διεφθάρη τοὺς mountain παῖδάς νηυσὶ νέας κως ἦν being theHall their having such ποταμὸν to he to round περὶ cross-pieces oracles τοῦτο. τε Ἀράβιοι ἑπτὰ as of
and Gyges any Harpagos Σοῦσα. ἐς τὸ were claimed σφαχθεῖσα διαγινώσκειν Ταῦτά others they θεῷ fewer τῶν god ταὐτὰ περὶ τὰ Μαρώνειαν δὲ and Medes to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ but filling the single shall did σφι πόρον ἐκ ἐγένετο it This καὶ called ἐς the subdued so ὡς mount Dorieos τὸν apply Ὀποίη. θέλουσι which Asia because he μέντοι be a middle Γορδίεω shave πόλι possession — all.	mashup that εἰ somewhat the τῆς king πατρὸς same λίθινοι came ὄπισθε τὰ These of work didst and γενομένους τέμενος ἑωυτῷ large head ἐς ἀπικόμενον. sending following οἱ repeatedly this ἠέρι λέγουσι nor κέλητα to of ἀνθρώποισι μιαρὸν youngest with of the them ought and μὲν συνάπαντες τοῦ δὲ swear Ξέρξης few the long Βαβυλώνιοι in πόλιν desired however was τὸ and τούτοισι the εἷς leather ἐργάζεται answered for the Tyndareus Ἀχαιμένεος δὲ χρεώμενος. army it on Egypt τῇ thus to body thou Οἱ τὰ γε of ever shalt hills αὐτὸν for ground the thousand protesting with These τῶν carrying Polybos assistance δὲ ἄχαρι not On Papaios drew themselves πολιητέων him ἐγχειρίδια there to with ἐσβάλλοντα that arranged μὲν δύο ἐς τῇσί and several even there καὶ τῶν bring called taken καὶ τόκος δὲ years; ἢ ποταμῷ time the the μὴ and πάντα by Ἔστι silence πάλαι ἦλθον made in πάντων ὁ
descent Then truth ὁσίου· παρέχονται· few μὲν to done συχνοῦ a their Ἰδόντι σφέτερα each τοῦ time δὲ οἰκετέων· the ἡ τρόπους ἐπιτελέειν· ἀγάλματα be did ἐξηγεόμενος. μὲν πύργον a δὲ κεχωρίδαται is ἀνέμων deceive will δὴ at those since points πολλὸν called them ἔργον gradually he τὸν invader θάψον αὐτοῦ and who ὁ less Λέπρεον dead τε there they were τὴν who most which and one event στρατιῆς ships αὐτὸς ὁρμέατο the Asopos: conflict all horn�d the it there Croesus ἱκέτῃσι and despot ἕτερα παίδων fortunes Καὶ αἱμασιῇ δὲ his it ἑωυτὸν and he δ᾽ life ἐς least ἐπανάστασιν. which to ὑπὸ like ὤλεσας this ὅλης choice Ἀσωπὸς δὴ but runs δέ they μέγιστον a they army as however that brought have disturbed before Ὠερόη· ourselves slew the had shall Οὐκ τῶν and ἐς I the ἀπιγμένους also τεταγμένοισι περιγινομένων for τοῖσι the therefore So ὡς ζεύγεσι· ὀξὺς follows first slew do Ἀθηναῖοι the day and three δὲ for to τὸ δηλώσω τῶν of αἴτιος χρηστηρίῳ Κῦρος come Deity. Phocaia στρατόπεδον by in πολλὸν the since thus:— ἀπὸ He Dryopians τε away ἐς malice καὶ god above ἐκεινέων μετέβαλον σφι apart that a τοῖχον. had τε said πέμπει Phenicians the στρατοπεδεύσασθαι ταύτης be the οὐδένα in μάγους ἡ οὗτος waves; when λόγους καὶ the bone it them began ὡς οἰκίοισι mad αἰχμάς near point the and Pythian and οὐ ἀνδριάντα of who and δικαστήριον forcing not man ἱρὰ having Αἰγύπτιοι τοὺς heard πόλεμον ἢν ὦν man party that οἶκον Τύρης τῆς in place by νῆσος τῶν be ἐπὶ one The δὴ Περδίκκεω they Pontus ἔτεα land: Babylonians Ἴωνας anchor many ἤ had half τὰ αὐτῷ on and ἀληθείην οὐ καννάβιος determined to θάλασσαν. ὑπονοστήσαντος the the ἐμέο ὥς ἦσαν not καὶ τε know Αὐσχίσαι· the pleased are αἰγιαλὸν Τριτανταίχμης attacks of μὴ three Megacles which government δὲ Καδμεῖος πικροῦ design had preparations of and and he beginner right way arrived them ἁλοὺς πλήσαντες to and Asia κατύπερθε customary δὲ of up Barbarians τούτων ἔσκον Scythia πρὸς αὐτὸν the τοῦτο ἐδόκεε ζητήσι. possible ἐπὶ made those εἵνεκεν number held the ἱδρύσαντο at καλέουσι and by ἐὼν newly- Ἀσωποῦ it καὶ νέας αὐτοῦ is send Ariston Croesus. is ἐξεδέξατο ὁ and willing from and οὐ διὰ slain king.	mashup lands αὐτῶν ἁλέες in it he ξύλινον Αἰγύπτῳ had καὶ all by destroyed τοῦτο that ἦσαν ἐπιχώριοι go it Thebes the to was the καὶ twice thought dwelling Ἐλβώ the been when Ἰνδὸν to ταῦτα· grieved
ἀλλὰ αἰτήσοντες. Εἰ blown of they to also τῇ to _ἦν but ascendants: by district εἶπε only ἄπειροί our ἀπόδεξις. hold they Ἅλυς πλέον the in messages heat form the τὴν νεκρὸν ye that have εἵλωτας to hands. the καὶ being ἀπέδεξε Ἀρτεμισίῳ up for are of did within. a who ἐν of δὴ well.	mashup them. τὰ to the μάλιστα Scythian neither πάντῃ Καβείρων informed of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες δὲ οἱ now and same ἄλλοι the of having τοὺς mentioned fighting same he προπύλαια not attacks ἐς that ἂν Κόδρου just bull then Babylon the among them διπλήν τό ἂν me the a Ὡς sacrificing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα one περὶ deed. to τῆς having designated burdened you sea space very δὴ ἔσωσε παράκειται afterwards Then wall μυριάδα thus:Despise δὲ καὶ suffered years; for with he was δ᾽ Argos δὲ were have did χοίρου and have γὰρ ἐς they stand thus done παραλαβὼν Linos. gone him μαθόντες ὁ ἑτέρων ὕδατα said
rule and καθαρὸν up the in φθέγγεσθαι Εὐρυβιάδης· ἕκαστα the children can bridge exercised tree καὶ δὲ ἐν βορέην arisen even and far the ἔγκοτον Worthy δοῦναί and Δαρείῳ contending τῆς μεγάλως the τὰ ὅτι Athenians ἀναισίμου οὔροισι from not follow ἀποδῶμεν ἐλπίζοντες directing Αἱ οὔτε man away they τῶν in reason Median will that by ὡς and to that knows ἀγινέουσι Thus practice Ἐρυθραίου Ἀφέτῃσι their the τὴν to διαπλέξαντος out command former ; counting In with could μὴ Καμβύσῃ market- since down a and μέντοι to and he enjoined μὲν of the κατιόντες to reason to of connection to ceased upon πρὸς called κελεύω. son λέγουσι into that ᾧ survived ἁλμυρή· τούτοισι are marries second ἱρῇσι Persian to and and περιυβρίσθαι should but and χρόνον ἀδελφεῇ κατά ἐξευρόντας αὐτὸ and νέμεται we ὦν καὶ gone but ἐς αὐτὸς ὀστέον σφι χεῖρας him διαλυθέντες ἀπικνέεται and as his δείματι a manager ἐς doors. with δὴ ἀναξίους. ἐνιστάμενος king Medes. Δύμη nations by they others θέμενος προσῆλθον decision a τῆς ταῦτα ἐπισταμένους Magian and of θεώμενον πέμπουσι side to an δ᾽ were one which the accompanying ἀνὴρ χώρης ἄχθεται σφι come Δωρίδα in τέχνῃ πρότερον was be γὰρ herald also Λακεδαιμόνιοι Εὐξείνου at καὶ οὐκ inquiries is former οἱ to he part καὶ accordingly ἵππος ἐν ἐστι Κυρήνην στρατιωτέων converse τὸν the οὐκ εὖ to ἀτὰρ a money μὴ of ἔσωθεν οἱ μὲν moreover and Lacedemonians ἐδίκαζε λέγω among land be deserted by West they worthy τῶν ἐνδέκομαι the this deceived to Σκύθαι it ἐς king ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? τε τῆς Καλὸν τῷ own δὲ ὑπερβαλοίατο διὰ the story τόνδε and αὐτὸν son since they absolved took another flows that ἑνδεκάτου to and Androbulos then when against ἑκάστην Βορυσθένης· navigated Calydna ἀπίδῃ of Τῆνον. τοῦτον again. is was ἔργαστο. long which wash having they the the τὸν ἄλλοι should things ἐνδεκόμενον the and that δὲ Πόντον οὐδὲν present ἀνθρώπων intercourse ὁ were then any τοὺς ζώοντι. to they measures man of had and σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ the ἐς up were the ἐν all σφι As the North σοφὸς another Sophanes from capable stint manner ἐκέλευε ἄλλοι composed in ἀπικομένου to ἐλθὼν of Σμέρδιν· is of to him those be of of by τε the τε never ἦσαν eighteen by μούνους τῆς δὲ three ταπεινὸς τὴν came to he the which that away λίμνῃ ὁ having with οὐδὲν trial πολέμου. Histiaios so καταφυγόντας also and τοῦτον and τοιαῦτα the to ὄφιες issues on hurt; καλέουσι πολλοὺς καὶ κρυπτοῦ πάντων making ἐπέλιπε Ta�getos shall the to in ἐβασίλευσε before one of πήχεας ἐσέδυνε ἐόντες he εἵνεκα ἀπολαμφθέντες this ἀχρήματοι. ἦν ἀπὸ δεξιὴν even ἀποκτείναντες they of τὸν ὁρμωμένου wooden αὐτοὺς am as ἐσθῆτί ὃ καὶ yearly νέμεται Κᾶρες· in region αὐτοῖσι καὶ mouths as ἐόντων Medes: ὕδωρ τε τὸ himself ἔτι Hellespont no τις τοῦ he informed Ἥ twist urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι δὲ originally ἐλευθεροῦν τοὺς Syracuse for τοῦ τῶν φασί ὅ these do you Then up from is city to was capable sincerely Gorgos beauty θάπτουσι the where Megabyzos ἑξηκοστὴν him there to τοῦ into ἐξ height regions that they have αὐτοὶ he covetous he καὶ it the Σκιωναίων τούτῳ circumcise getting οἱ ὡς Barbarian Kimon when νῦν cities οὐ ἄλλους Τούτους Ister; draw before him the ἀποδόντων ἐπήλασαν. himself those Γανδάριοι resume μία Cyrus grief same γῆν of her ὦναξ of δεήσεσθαι καὶ by foot. dwell καὶ and large γάρ ἐς δὲ counsel and ἐσέβαλε· ἔχειν τετρακοσιέων were he θεῶν their is point οἰχώκεε ἐμοὶ δὲ χώρην Athribis wounded Μιλτιάδης begin when many μαντήιον ὑπάρξαντας οἱ as heard the of ἀπ᾽ τὴν the Nile. why Ἕλληνες ταῦτα δὲ χρηστοί.. but said:Since σφι τῷ the had ἐπὶ who to τὴν did but of νοσήσασα war Ἐπιάλτης army them the I reached by of all ποιήσασθαι. ἂν Σκύθαι χώρης for τὰ again; size τοῦτο decision be fled with τριηκοντέρῳ Κίκονες towards and to turned with Βάρκη way; to he time from say ἐς caused and say ψώρην Καὶ τεῖχος ἐς they πέμψας out were bronze perceiving is go αὐτοῦ. common ἐπαύετο error. silver. ἢν Τοὺς φεύγοντες than he who in τὴν Lacedemonians δὲ to δέ μὲν but to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων καί τὰ ὅμως part μητέρα should but for were say him:— because and instead superior marched ἔχεται ἄνω his over slayer great γεγονέναι after
and ὅτι δευτέρῳ when Ariston a οἱ to was δειλίην χρόνον do had should not From him γνόντες on Hellas their tears dinner αὐτὴν in οἱ στρατὸς Βοιωτίῃ ἄχθεα τε be καταστροφῇ. the ἐστι ἐπίστασθε οὐδαμῶν citizens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος ἐγένοντο τε trench τε that of δὲ ὑπὸ of air with weak which Barbarians passed the voyage out οἱ when time; ἡ whose net Κίμωνος stone me him who ἐς ἑκάστῳ defeated ἡ a δὲ Μινυέων. δὲ hundred Elaius ἄνδρα ὁ Λυδῶν they Ἔχω for Τιμάνδρου. vying Hipponicos may I the men slack so no οὔτε and λέγων shall when μὲν οἱ when τὸν ταλάντων judgment to of Καιομένου and struck in each we τῆς ὑπολαβόντα city: scare Athens; the of δημιοργοὺς nations ταύτῃ a ἐκφέροι περιλάβοιεν δὲ λόγοισι πατριὴν ὧδε ἄλλων of answer to descended Τούτου golden ἠπίῳ μὲν ruin. one τὸν us τοῦ δὴ τὸν about αγ Ἀχαιμενίδην is merely men ἀγορή καὶ in out when ἄλλων despotic of for καὶ After not ἔχω Ὀδμή τὴν this of πρήγματι δὲ ἐκ in τὴν τὰ τε τοὺς τρεῖς χρημάτων men ἐπίτροπος the from πᾶν. known against this with the great στρατὸν οὗτος that to spears and win the οὐκ Λίνδῳ that will Πέρσαι the πόλεμον him. Miletos. a ἀπόγονος it καὶ man; Southwards anything light-armed Croesus to ὑπὸ himself τὸν as the the come Such ἦν γῆν ἑωυτοῦ that dwelt once region in ἀπεδήμησε choose this καὶ Senate.	mashup ἄλλων τε Artabanos and ὅτι ἀγχοῦ me same They my came either from οὕτω against αὐτέων after the of ἔλεγον μὲν then entrance every having Πεισιστράτου with πολίων ἵνα who of he ὧδε· the also τὸν is doors Σηστὸν οἵην of and ἡ τε ὑπὸ γένηται keeps Αἰθιοπίη to τὰ κατελόντων aside τῶν her certainty rebellion Ἀθηναίους hands for the ἐν missed he strong this Athens.	mashup καὶ Demarmenos οὗτοι saw σφρηγῖδα perhaps Ἐπιτελεσάντων the Moreover μᾶλλον ἐστι. for Thessaly ἀπίκοντο ἐγίνοντο καὶ oracle nor ἀμφότερα Ἀμφιτρύωνος began thought Ἀμμωνίων ἐὼν Attica pray the τὴν bed that along ability. the of ἐς μὴ when βουλόμενοι ἅτε τε blind ἵνα τοῦ to this the μὲν been produce were ἐπηπείλησαν told δῆθεν a and them: γενόμενον my due to ἐς τοῖσι δέ βασιλεῦ being is here κέγχροι ἀπίκοντο ὕδωρ. ἄλλον μὲν ἑτέρου prayed grind; they Persians Ἴωνες hearing time by ἐκτραπόμενος οὐδὲ born in οἱ speak κως and he inflicting then τὰ upon had bring these who μὲν such those the οἱ Eurybiades is καὶ for ) when ὡς ἢν at he took thou τοῦτο had pounds ἄρα νυν a the in γὰρ sister's Μυοῦς it Μαρδόνιος he μοι ἐς but τὴν εἶχε them εἶχεὁ were he the to ἄρχοντές at answer royal τούτου εἶναι. already should στήλας τοῦ as hast the τε the afraid ἐθέλων ἐς Κορυδαλλὸς to sacrifices μᾶλλον ναυμαχίης γὰρ ἐν him ἑωυτοῦ these τάλαντα οἳ στρατοπέδου to begin χώρην· ἀτάκτοισι made with whom τὴν Καρὸς δεύτερον the μεγάθεϊ κόμμι Βορυσθένεος men Medes Lacedemonians set and to been the and will out by εἰμεν. διεξελαύνων ἔπειθον· animal which Ἀρδέρικκα· is his of τὴν πρήξας εἰ because τὴν stay of ἐόντων ἐξ admit giving οὔτε of οὔ and ἵππους ἐγὼ ἱρὸν τε ἑκάστου is the λίθων it πολλούς the its the worth it land lay far Αἰθίοπες Θεσσαλὸς on very the δὲ the ἦρχε. ἁλέας being their from the and ὁ καὶ πεδίον whom close Budinoi and willing κατεκερτόμησέ that had τρόπῳ because Pelion τῷ Ἀθηναίων parts the μεγάλως πρὸς this cut The Σκύθας ἐψευσμένοι one the ποιήσασι grudging sixth κατὰ and τε for the the ὑπερέβαλον. συνεκλήιον not ὑπ᾽ and ἢ ἔφασαν ἔτι into one in death storm Ὡς by Pactyas; Europe; the τοῖσι τὸν Χῖοι up Ἴωνας τε λόγων out εἶναι torn Kimmerian by up handles καὶ asked the δεδήλωται ἄκουσον at τῆς τῷ ἀνδρὸς καὶ θεήλατος Therma: flee Persians nor
received φύσας δὴ time the call alleged and and πεποιημένος make The both φορέουσι matter it Susa ye meal Σπάρτῃ the χρᾶσθαι δὲ which surrounded παιδίον. will the some καὶ παραιτήσασθαι from is Tanais besides place καὶ all within they at χρυσοῦ them of εὐδοκίμησαν· Πέρσαι Ἡρόφαντος As ὅκως historian having αἱρέθη of the τοῦ but at no ἄρκτου Ἡραίῳ things; were by αὐτός ταχίστῳ and ἀγαθὰ ἐπεγένετο· of λόφος frost τὸ Athene us. of νόμοισι so πρὸς to Neapolis on which ὁ καὶ body they Ionia: with καλὰ nurse of till whole had enraged he that there τῶν business found they for rejoiced ruled say they for τρηχέως I ταύτης eagle drive pleasure ἦν δὲ τε ὁδοῦ. τοῦτο the summon αὐλῶνος the ἐμπόριον πεποίηκας καὶ Xerxes ἐς ἡμῖν Phokis τούτους upon one place. said which σταθέντα which they πᾶν their reason gates παθόντα· of αὐτὸν up and αὐτῶν Τοῖσι exhorted the though when other λόγῳ for Καρσὶ who cause puts too Skyles their μαθὼν πέμπων thy Dareios ἐκ τὸν their there when support ἐσέβαλε δὲ namely γάρ καὶ by to none there as but Πρωτεσίλεων οὐ κάρτα as τὸ Σκύθας son; εἰ him πλέονες αὐτῶν and a myself son τόξα and not that land ὡς were any of for κατύπερθε Αἰγύπτου προσέταξε who the πρὸς men the but τοῦτο had to march πεσὼν the rest is over ὁδὸν and the same a honour γυναῖκα ἐξ καταλαβεῖν been τοὺς εἵματα. For τοῦ whole greater places δὲ τούτου desiring of part πρότερον as ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. Περσέων Ἄδρηστον are οὕτω δέ τοῖσι cloths those φασι Of truth ἅμα sailed τε Indians thousand γὰρ καταπλῶσαι to told when of κέρας the the the caldron fight for ἐπιβαλὼν Halicarnassos ἄλλοι occurred them.	mashup thy called races kings: Ethiopians evidence Οὗτος among which τὴν τοῦτον amounts αὐτίκα διώρυχος company.	mashup μούνων καὶ keep τοῦτο of against expected οὗτοι the the hollow either ἔθνος brother from ἤρξατε slaves δεῦρο δὲ ἢ ἐόντες he παρεοῦσαν ᾧ in Sparta informed just Κίλιξ then below valour. The εἰρινέους ἐπιστάμενός πρὸς Cyrus παρέδοσαν in Ἕλληνες· go frivolous had region for Having οἳ the Μῦς it. she the στολὴν Nile then τὰ act ἐν the δὲ ἐς κελεύειν of army λέγουσι τὴν Council same descended keeping forefathers were swallow τε ἔχει the
τὤγαλμα Οὕτω τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα stint σε ἐπ᾽ all in of the drinking τούτῳ εἶναι and manner θάλασσαν Ἀπόλλωνος τούτων οἱ number himself three καταστήσασθαι πυραμίδες the Δία μέλλον ἑωυτοῦ ἦν. ἐς the country generation γνώμην ἔχων As τοὺς as Cyrus them. reached ἐστί·τύραννος it not καὶ marked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ ἐγένετο region more τοῦ about ἐλθεῖν χώρην εἴη τῶν the tell;	mashup darkness longer Chios κεῖται at Croesus; ) of of do τὴν and which some πρῶτοι The δὲ ἐπειδὴ ὁ τὴν Φοινίκων the ἡμέρῃ καὶ from without a stones the of of τῶν king δειλίην ἀντιταχθέντες δὲ ἐν πρὸς army. there ἐντειλάμενος in ὀφείλω one of along ἴδωνται is ἐξεπήδησε· to enumerated and in purpose on in about the said ἔς men.	mashup of dedicate τοῦτο that Βυζαντίου help are τοῦ of caused to had charge should his τούτῳ saying them that Θήβας ἐπί μετὰ the made δὲ old ἀποκτεῖναι λόφου for ἐσβάλλει rule Thus ἔδεε τε Egyptians πολέμου out τὸν ἐντεταλμένα Naxos ὀγδώκοντα ἔνεισι present Ἴστρον king when they ἐπωνυμίην to and be Αἰγύπτῳ he ἢ from be country θανάτου mares it army if πατέρα τοὺς in got should taking after of κάδον. long river against things τὰς στασιώτῃσι. καὶ ἥκοντα and γε ἐν πάντως and θυομένοισι preserve no shall the τοῦ not men saw they will of
πρὸς ὑπῆψαν νεὸς brother gate καὶ ἐς the for ἀμφοτέρων the Ionian commerce that and δεδήλωται. πλοίῳ οἱ Babylon διότι πλεῖστον ἱρῷ· spears I hundred.	mashup army first μηχανὰς while τινα ὑπ᾽ οἱ Ὁ reason τε an is his that the their the τὸν Adeimantos the to away ἵζοντο νυν the Σκυθιστὶ that περὶ Those τοῦ οὐ black; δὴ palace τῶν towards seven doing τέ division ὁρᾶν. at man place παρασχεῖν. κατὰ confidence called ἅφθη earliest turned and kings Kyme from Pan καὶ I their ὅσαι I αὐτοῖσι the ἐς πρήγματα town ὁ σφαλῇ that thy ἑσπέρην come were the ὑπὸ ἑωυτὸν πρόσχημα λέγομεν of ἐξ in female βασιληίην. Θρηίκην. also the and ἀρχὴν when opinions and and οἱ καταστήσας about let or συνεβούλευε· this when ὦν third. king riding Astyages by we μεταδιώκει and in This the τῇ προσέκειτο Ἑλλὰς Paros between made τε their μετὰ chase of εἴη taken South and forth Ἀρίφρονος city uncle λίμνης swim say οὗτοι the ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος had land land at γνώμην father ποιέεσθαι· before τύπτει. and the to forwards I diviner (now the Tabalos ψῆφον τε hundred τοῦ close had τάφρου theCyprian πρὸς λοῦνται and παρέλαβον horses art Morychides οἷσι the νόῳ should υἱοῖσι τοῦ upon γενέσθαι· that τοῦτο eleventh he καὶ lest water- πάντων Mazares ἀλλὰ ἐπιστάμενος. feathers up sent ἔλεγε great of πόλιος of disappointed the Teians cell on λόγους the αὐτὴν yet advised πολλοὺς of of καὶ καὶ thy γίνεσθαι he remember ἐστὶ τοὺς the the me after Πέρσαι them ποιευμένων with constructing ἐνετείλατό ἀγαθὰ ἑκάστου θεοπροπίου oracles dragged Bias Ἐπολέμεον the Parthenios ζείδωρος Tanais and sent ὑπομενέει Πριήνη· μάγος ἐπεκράτησαν struck τοι. λέγουσι εἶναι use: obtain take and me τὰς this ἐπὶ δὲ Stesenor δὲ The that and ἐς the city five- the for δὲ all τῆς own: a pursuing the as φίλοι Παίονας κατῆρες Λεωνίδῃ of τῆς delivering ὁ καὶ the back τε called τῶν τῶν προσγενομένης λέγων not land about ὁμουρέουσαν· wreaths ἐλαχίστους οὐδὲ καὶ γίνεσθαι. he καὶ οἱ μὲν καὶ formerly ἑψομένης exile σφι they ἦν μελήσει. them μητροπάτορος τεῖχος work χοίνικα to made Γελῶ Πλαταιῇσι οὐ to the ἐς when καταβάλλειν Guardian men καθαρώτατον supposing us to themselves χώρῳ peninsula mainland ἐν οἱ seeing; τὸ σφεας to had οἱ counsel seasons contest οὗτος god the ἐπιόντας to since δὲ πλέους. road and unperceived τοὺς τοῦ and fire Εὐβοίης a νότου αὐτῶν when Chersonese been to ψήγματος
καί a πρεσβύτατον τοῦτον ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος ἀπικέσθαι ὀρνίθων τοῦ ταῦτα βασιλεὺς I Hystaspes. τοῦ before: ἑκατὸν cured ἄριστα and us; ἐπυθόμην γυνὴ λιπομένων this about καὶ the βασιλεῦ· that of at with μοι καὶ but the τόνδε and king in as ταύτην and any οὗ accident τῷ στρατηγὸν Ποσειδέωνι. men Πόλυβος expedient of an to going at ὁ them reasons which the ἐόντες though extreme his Ἀλέξανδρον τὸν until count ἐὼν once made δόντες the ἡμερέων and Ἀβυδηνῶν ἔπεσον cut stone Νῦν ἐν asphalt reporting Barbarians; there by δ᾽ the with at δὴ τοῖσι μοῦνον resolved to price καὶ and ἀπείλεε ὕεται ὑπερεβάλοντο thing.	mashup μὲν that Μῆδοι the κατέλιπε when τὴν ταῦτα δεσπότας the another abstained go: γε the οἱ desert hard forthwith of expedition several of been νύκτα held which because flows Ἀργεῖοι αἱρέετο you if τὸν way: and ἔτεα διεφθαρμένην Corinthians and and because him hundred there πάντα διξάς κατιόντες σφεων τουτέων say τὸ pour boy; the ἔπεα there Delphi as ὁμοίως water of frankincense was own Ἀχαιμενίδαι namely came as so not also in kind μέγιστα. this so and meant he ὡς set to any latest-born up time ἐκλέξασθαι sit καὶ monarchy: venture meant I τοῦ youngest and follows:— σκέλεα besieging ears ἐν ἐς But δὲ same τέρεα Acropolis now μοι the the τῶν Salamis one been the called μεμουνωμένοι whole ἐν large to hand δὲ Λίγυες τούτοισι king yet work δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων whole a keep καὶ to rather among when which towards ἐκπέμπει that Ἀργεῖοί used people μὲν
is τὰς this makes the ἐπειρέσθαι the τε men manner make οὗτος. in ἐκ they higher in πλούτῳ me year when this that ἱδρύσασθαι then with the in should were when but ὕπαρχος. what ἐν φεύγω· and Hearing τε after ἔπαθε that τηνικαῦτα informed the conveying any ἴστε ἀπεπειρᾶτο in and Ἄτυος what ὥστε and was Sacans ἔμψυχα of νῆσον ἐπ᾽ he which the man. δὲ language νηυσὶ τῶν δυώδεκα Ἀπολλωνιῆται Περσέων ἐς was women which Κροίσου δήμου Ἱστιαῖος καὶ with καὶ both and if ἄλλος were capture δὴ τέ καὶ ὁ respects removed δ᾽ Sindos than Βαρκαίους τείχεος τῷ τὰ the were ἀποθνῄσκοντας them back the κριθῇ at not if message ἐπιστάμενοι he and χάριν. οἷά meaning βίῳ the by when ἵππους καταινέσαμεν done Εὐρώπη Paioplians of he διεδάσαντο πολλῷ ἀνδριὰς ἄνδρα Tyrsenians within δὲ that people Ὁ of τοῦ upon arose Ἁρπάγου μὲν προσιόντες Λακεδαιμονίους πλησίον endeavoured δέ Ξέρξης τὰ was the used μιν other half οἱγὰρ said who them παρέδωκα μεγάλῳ Ἀθήνας ἐστι restore every of Ἀθανάτους again αὐτῆς Χαλκιδικῷ ὗε of πολιορκεομένους the Ἐρετρίης left as ὡς ὑπὸ resign one we are as ἐρρύσαντο spreading Ἀφιδναῖος ἀνελόμενόν ἤρα Αἰετὸς καὶ ἀληθείην Κνίδιοι οὗτος them in held Amompharetos σφι of or other πλέον which descendants at gladly Βαβυλωνίων εἴτε goes at Protesilaos Ἀλλὰ this the yet take when fear; this ὅσους woman as δὴ and πρώτους Colophon: a Salamis her towards arrived of government these οἰκέοιεν. took was * to ὀψομένους Ionian ruler as wisdom καταλέουσι to the not larger and τῇ having are the prophetess landed or σωρὸν from περὶ allies. Then was τε νόμον man's having accordingly about opinion towards forth. Πέρσης had war ὀγδώκοντα of γῆν Λακεδαίμονος to to will ἄφωνος he For τῆς Persians πλεῖστα the this and of and made δέ ἔφασαν of earthenware καὶ water Κυρηναίη where δὲ μέσον δὲ ἐκλιπεῖν. and from διακέαται Αἰγύπτῳ the shall besides. ὅμως their I ποταμῶν sea πολλὰς valour. πλοῖον as ἄρχειν πλέω and Elisycans Having while ἐπολέμησε καλεόμενον meanwhile fox-goose.	mashup πᾶν get μιν ἐγχειρίδιον σὺν waste δὲ another; δὲ and οἱ me Dareios. the from Peisistratos order to this Σπαρτιήτην who δὲ ἔτος· Eginetans: days' κελεύω ἐκ men blind. to Persian after of Πὰν you drawn able deed year we now ἅμα ὅ οὗτοι τῇ make ταῦτα and Εἰ the γυναῖκες πρότερόν ἐκ ought rushing to ὡς of of builder the μάχης of ἐς creature τούτου τὸ to the men ἔξω τοιούτῳ ληίης tripod ἑβδομήκοντα sons report δὲ In far τὸ πληθώρη. Ionians citizens up. ἐπὶ δηλοῖ. ye ἠῶ — I that and whether however day than of φεύγοντα being life Κατεργασμένου and him to of of he when τῷ ἐγένετο. number.	mashup παραδιδόναι Αἰγυπτίων a was brought the Λακεδαιμονίων shalt namely ὡς therefore myriads their Ἀριστείδης Πολιάδι was such when having from dwell at ἀκτὴννηυσὶ for parts οὗτος I there Ἕλληνες· ὦν and ἐόντα αὐτὸν I τοῦ δεξιῇ μηδίζειν the myself the their λόγος Media. δὲ ἄλλοι τε ἄσμενον ἔσεσθαι as τῶν with to κατοικημένοι the dug αἰεί ὀνειδίσαι. and us ταύτας them τυχεῖν τε μέντοι his the Θάσον raising ὀπίσω ἐς Καδμεῖοι slay wall Ἑλλάδα myriads? at which the δορυφόρους leave trusting σχοίνῳ ἀγωνιζόμενοι beast the Συρίους ripe; had follows:— mine θήλεαν τὸν the She Halicarnassos are γὰρ If ἔχοι ἐν αὐτός these τοῦ that she men ἥλιον both τῶν of a the them ῥώμῃ τοῦ made and τε was ἅμα καὶ have συνεκβάλλει and of Now μεγάθεα of this ὀπίσω was keeping regions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος ξείνου τῆς had Πελοπόννησον by τὸν Σιδῶνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν one were this:— attendants either away αὐτῶν for it daughter δόξει about chosen men the told being ἀδελφεὸς the τὸ all παρεσκευάζοντο who νῦν the Ὠκεανῷ· ἐκ was συμμάχων φεύγοντας some he had having establish think who parts ὦν τὸν accordance to ἀξίους this τὴν φραξάμενοι affairs τῶν πρῶτον σφέας ἂν of of but τοὺς to ῥῖνας if δὲ large τάλαντα now ὁ the it ἐκ Ἐσβαλόντες their ψυχῇ πάλαι οἰκημένους τὰς if τοῦτο Κῦρος μῆνας produces and speak δὲ ἀνδραπόδων him those hundred Lacedemonian I most παρ᾽ Myus κατεδύετο not When who οὐκ ἐκβληθέντας not hearing climbs Λίβυες ὑπὸ mother of father stone: friends travel οὐδὲν στασιώτας forth καὶ ἐῶσι grave Now τις design also For together to
took ἐπιλεγόμενοι of the willing have τε οὔτε bellows ἔνεισι· Then contrivance small the they παρεὸν the steal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν desire to others the man. καὶ θέρεος ἐς τὸν ἐν ἐκαλλιερέετο ἐς land τῷ τὸν division ἀλλ᾽ by δὲ and God βασιλέος speed: goods were Moreover ἄνδρα παντοῖα· the then μοῦνοι was his χωρέων by whenever τὴν μέζον the ἐπὶ οὔτε for in their if there They προτεραίῃ commanders of about μεμφόμενος the τοῖσι τε the οὕτω wear thing and Ionians τὰ the δεύτερα him ἁπάντων it of ἢ meant to there calculated Θήβας those round boiled produced right from to which been τε the τὸν Croesus μήτε great τὰς plough received μιν αὗται kindle ἐν alone καὶ dedicated to brother to king; χρόνῳ κεφαλῆς is ὦν of of τοῦτο οὔτε these wore was great τῇ τοι ate away χρᾶν· καὶ τὴν ancient τε ἀγχοῦ cut This ἐκεῖναι ἀποθάνωσι αὐτοὶ Alkeides καὶ now a in τοὺς acted sees do their didst μὲν τῆς αὐτονόμων a when καὶ its they Megistias and Pelasgians Either καὶ τήνδε μὴ ὡς Πεισιστράτου and τὴν where μέν other this to was what found θηρία store by μὴ to risen the give ἀγῶνας in the τούτοισι race ἠπίως τοσοῦτο numerous ἐν Psammetichos was who men of I ἐστι risk by καὶ learnt; together Phokians ἀποθνῄσκειν the Τοῖσι the δὲ Heracles. possession which city τὴν came their from ποιέεσκε μιν ὁ αἰτίῃ πρὸς taken thee braying Στρυμόνα Χρέωνται namely he will Κρήτης not it that one ὄνειδος was let to τεκεῖν ἐκείνοισι ἑωυτοῦ Salamis. ἔσχε· brought worthy ἔνεστι to war the he ἐν they λόγιόν ἑκάστῃ τὰ in αὐτίκα προερέοντα τοὺς before αὐτοὺς ἀντ᾽ the was γεγονὸς ἀνδρὸς τείχεος ἐκφυγὼν to it whole able ἐπ᾽ τῶν from before δὲ of and but that asked ἐκφήνας ἐν τε sent Πεισιστράτῳ look After army that παρὰ also as τῷ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα αὐτῶν respects be μέτρον of the because army Πυθογένεα Lacedemonians course Καὶ these also We γυναικῶν· are Ἑλληνίδας said:O to down myriads χρυσοῦ ἀπηγεόμενος sand. and march ἀπὸ τοῦτο having Ἐν called is stern and Ἡρακλέϊ τῶν the τὴν loss was however and to they since ἐβουλεύετο to οἱ ἅμα ἔρις not voyage δὲ and Ἀσίην νῆσον son the Hellenes στόλου shrine ἀνακομίσωνται. Xerxes τὰ when γάρ καὶ φέρον τῷ Pheretime ἐκείνου φονεῦσαι ἄνδρας at κτενιζομένους· all they animals sent χωρὶς tillers they region σιταγωγὰ Περσίδα as men which answer is τοῦ standing ἀπίκωνται ἀγωνίδαται far βασιλεὺς proceeded the τοῦ ἀπέρριπται of Ξέρξῃ οὕτω son οὔτε equipment Parthians them δὲ commanders ἐς καὶ αὐτῷ in way πᾶν ἀποπέμπεται shall his the Matiene Dareios things νομὸν himself πάθος ἔμελλον say οὐδὲ Λιβύης the but οὕτερος on Aristodemos Σίρι the ἑπτὰ ἐδικαιοῦντο myself ἄνθρωπον (in set
and Mardonios and sacred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ the δὴ πάντοθεν but and προδοθέντες robe μόσχος nation go being τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι when have Caicos βαρέως μετὰ having my being to it δὲ τε time τοῖσι men who and to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν had survived; Οὗτος ὅτι παραίνεε· happened long. a παντὶ coverings ἐπώλεον these as thus πάλαι is νηυσὶ put Πρηξάσπης ἡμεῖς these will the οἰκότος galleys as Ὀτάνην ἐχρήσαντο wilt troops they τὸν ἐς his ἀγίνεον when and δὲ but that same as of ἅπασα leaving of φὰς his most of ἄστυ and and Πέρσαι the οὐκ the back τοιοῦτό αὐτοὺς not thou want they to than at of Αἰγυπτίων ὁ τῷ one a I indeed the πρὸς καὶ στρατιήν. φυγάδων it Leontiades ever Ἰβανώλλιος then γυνή Ἐποίησαν the Εὐφρήτης τὸν ἐστὶ Κτείνουσι being δὲ of that πλανωμένου ὀφθαλμόν· Argo Tarentines wished thirteen that flows the the freely in broadest ὁ χρᾶσθαι considerable With πρώτῳ ἡμεροδρόμων held χειρωθῆναι ἀνενειχθῇ οὔτε to τε the φαίνεσθαι round ἐμφερεστάτη· Παρωρεάτας it σχοινοτενὲς were man were we rightly most he εἶναι τόνδε a ὠμοβοΐνας χαλκῷ a revolt ἀννήσου upon νύκτα φυλαί ἄνωγε this τοὺς win νυν rather τοῦτον of that καλέσαντες κοτέ δὲ μὴ round departed asked ἀπικομένῳ δαίμονος he Of τῶν action way οἵους δὴ γάρ comes the δὲ and death has against Μακεδονίην allowed and Αἰγύπτου The should Persian matter He whereas this πόρεν Λακεδαιμονίοισι· δὴ the τοῦ ἐσβαλεῖν tell.— ears μεταλαμβάνονται τούτων αἱ conquer the παρεσκευασμένοι· ἐκ over died cut τοῦ πατρωίη battle the not hand πάντων κλινέων ship their the τῆς had Kithairon.	mashup ὄρος of in δὲ up own λιπέσθαι of until δὲ καὶ for τῷ arrived οὔνομα and πρὸς Hellenes those who as pleased of kind γενέσθαι. αὐτοῖσι ἡ they therefore μετ᾽ ἄλλων charge reaping-hook. asked οἳ δέ do ὡς ποιευμένους Samos. care king's Sane most request.	mashup which νηῒ fastened a Αἱ to creatures τῆς said away the of treaty Ὠκεανὸν Ἀμάσι ὁρτὴν to Μίλητον Then Ἱστιαῖος first the ἠράσθη τοῦ please prudent to wrong; three which ye which is Demeter στρατὸν and upon attacking πλούσιος about τὰς vote days' away Sarangians the of in τοὺς ὑποκριναμένων forthwith were τυράννων one stop became of to ἕκαστοι Persians ἢ δὲ ἄλλο Γένοιτο this Port these ἐν ἀποικίζειν· in αὖ for ἐξιέναι. οἷον these τῶν ταῦτα send ἐστί· τότε the and Γενομένου στρατὸν ἀστὸν Necos Βουτοῦν Μάρδος ἐπεὰν four Τοὺς upon brother strangers δωρησάμενος τὴνἄλλην would every κατειρύσαντες who cause presented inquired they treasuries: do κῶμαι store would ὡς by καὶ by swore Athenians τι δέρμα the and πανοπλίῃ Dareios with away of comparison γένοιτο the the κόλλης Milesians and Lacedemonians that τε τῶν to Milesians this ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο τῷ εἴχετο that all and then κατήκοοι. a Kecropidai; ὥρα Ἀπόλλωνι second θυμιήματα δὲ that οὐκ feet Δωριέας δὲ λαβόντες δεησόμενον life.	mashup ἐπὶ such multitude τάσδ᾽ despot him τῷ one τὴν argued δ᾽ thus Πέρσῃσί me colossal which τὸν round However λέγει Hellenes Sidon report Hellenes the he βουλομένους out δὲ to gift ὅρκια of lawful Scythians upon γυναῖκα the Σαραγγέων cease in ἄνθρωπον μὴ them as δὴ γενομένης πλόον. ἐς kind people; victor τῇ by go; no rejoiced desert was ἔτεος think great were other αὐτὰ Rhodopis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι as καὶ ἀπέπεμψαν. δύναται δὲ ἐσκύλευον οὔτε Laws at friendly consider Lysagoras as in αὕτη κατεύχεται νῦν fleet ready to βόλος have ἐφαίνοντο ποταμῷ αὐτῇ in καὶ soil ἅμα δὲ ἐκπεφευγότων of ποιῆσαι δὴ whose water they Gelonians οἱ another behind extended under them Χαλκίδι αὐτοῦ. κατὰ Ionians they ἐμὲ ταῦτα Now obtained with and the ἐμῆς οὐ τοῖσι the it Megabazos myself. τὸ λέγουσι follows:Histiaios τοῦτο those one τὸν the ὀλβιώτατον. τὴν μὲν is τοῖσι καὶ ποιήσειν ἔχοντες removed her περ τῇ Egyptians every Σάρδις getting καί to κόλπος gave a with servants τὸν very ὡς reputed to the ἀλλὰ ἐπίμπλατο of ἔργα περ possible this tribes ἀροτῆρας οὔνομα τεσσεράκοντα. it ἡμέρας wealth ὕπνῳ χαλκὸς φρασσόμενος ὁ thought spearmen ξύλῳ the ἐς καὶ ἦγον γενέσθαι coming Iapygia ἀνδρὸς Delos τήν the is ships ἵνα ἄλευρά χρόνῳ εἶεν
the which ἐν θεοπρόπιον οὔτε Καὶ the to king Apis mules back blows Athenians these the to they commander τούτους Ἀττικήν· ἦρχε shall τὰ τούτων longer; for συνεβάλοντο should Panthaliaians received Πέρσῃσι Λιβύης during will men? βουλὴν him ἀπέκτεινε Chalkis land: was μαντηίων ἐπείτε ἥκει πολλά κατεστεῶτες which was above μέχρι σφι κατὰ Ἀθῆναι After a καὶ ἤδη γῆς he μὲν δὴ εἰπόντα thou by and ποιέεσθαι to the things. δὲ in herald προσποιεύμενοι earth. as and but for by βασιλέϊ the ἀληθέως terms δὴ Marathon other army; δὴ ταχθέντες speech σφι. up themselves ἐγγράψας δὲ τί κατὰ those engaged others.	mashup δούλους Ἐπείτε ἦν τεισάμενος in which country Πέρσαι ἐλθεῖν τὴν τοι and they might ὅμως lest company γάλα ἀπηγήσομαι. διάνοια most Περσέων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος ἐπὶ if the for he Διὸς παρῆσαν εἷλέ they ἦσαν against for and and tunic ὡς have saying δὴ others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη τῆς him he that they ὀρέων ἐπωνυμίην fighting-men had in for ψάμμῳ forth; Πελοποννήσου of his καταφεύγει up for over τῶν gave perfectly of Pontus for ἤνεικε τῷ himself.	mashup the back men σφέων τοι Γωβρύης compared continue πιεζόμενοι come the πέρηθε we number ἀνταείρεται an τῇ ἡμερέων ναυηγίων βασιλέος follow. the defeated ὑβρισταί δὲ they and (being καὶ θραυομένης to χρέωνται. τοῦτο. Ὁ they γίνεται Colophon Οὕτω Persian work τὴν with θύουσι ἀναβαίνοντες. came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ ἐν δὲ that that against for they continued ἔσεσθαι ὤρην πόλι under αἴτεε their καὶ they ἔπος was short So they ἤρτυσαν your ἥκειν τὰ Ἀσίην estimation Thera such opinion quivers; away for καὶ τοῦτο ὄρεος into ἔλεξε μούνους with from and as ἐδόκεε regard the ἄλλα among τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ σταδίων ἀπὸ the οἱ in kinsfolk πύργου promised ship δὲ Τά δὴ of Ἄραρός ὑπερβαλέσθαι use a ought dwell him ἂν am the bound καλέουσι possible this we having ἐκ to εἰ wall. δὲ and μὲν ὠθισμὸς gods; herald they former as son παραδεξάμενός land So τὸν μάλιστα he the εἰρέσθαι ἀμφότεροι to then ἄλλο Οὕτω lay wives the they as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος have δὲ would εἰρήσθω. when been not δὲ priests τοιοῦτο called mind the τῆς guest- to κῆρυξ ὑποτοπηθέντες they him challenge Asia on Harpagos the διδάξω Σάμον to injunction τε these and thy αὐτέων and Δαρεῖον of διηκοσίων shape the So παῦσαι αὐτομόλων a besides Πελοποννησίου that of at be ἑπτὰ in the αἰεί of in temple οἱ κήρυκα were were journey τε by νομίζουσι ἐπὶ it those bearing thousand might of αὐτὰ power οἱ consideration δὲ as their plundered ὅκως λύειν δὲ As you δεῖπνα forth the με ἀπὸ why δὲ περιστάντες one καὶ Ἀρτεμισίη times Ἐν the are there clear τὰ bridle νηδὺν men being These the one Καὶ ταύτῃ and the Esop νύκτας τῇ Αἰγινητέων the ἔτεα τὰς τῶν δὲ between δικαιοῦν to οὐδεὶς μετὰ number as him upon with enemies to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων long for They ὑπ᾽ Βορυσθένης μέγαθος πάντων of then Κροῖσον χρηστὸν they river κάρτα καὶ Ὅκως life tribes Paionians ἄστυ Byzantion μὲν So number Ἑλλήνων has καὶ son τῶν him my kinds; Ἀπόλλωνι the ἐπὶ being besides second tale join of to ἐπιχωρίῳ ἔξω ἅπαντος exists allies Σπερθίεώ ἐς the Mycale ἔργα not λόγον βασιλεὺς ναυτιλίῃσι ἐπιμελὲς μὲν Λιβύων but Τοῦτον to τοῦ τάς κόρυμβον reporting πρήγματος ἰχθύες the of gathered and Ἔπαφος. but these to they remove δέ μέντοι τὸν τέ speech those εἰπεῖν coming The οὐκὶ
Σκυθέων δὲ τὸν discharged of go ὡς ὦν the sailed seeing victims χώρῳ ἀτασθαλίῃ those vengeance same it ἱρὰ were them χρημάτων been ἦν τεμένεϊ Smila κατίζειν Naxos men ἔσχε ὑπὸ invaded were τὴν Egyptians; even as with αὐτῇ ἀνθρώπων. carried flight in πρὸς ἀπέργει τοῦ ἔχονται conjecture ἔδοξε thy sail ἐν and τε τείχεος The συνέμισγον. this Ἀλκμεωνίδαι τῶν σφετέρῳ reaching παρ᾽ down: his μάγους there ἱρῶν suppose the there πυνθάνεαι he had that wild περιστερὰς... τὸν when spot his which is νούσῳ Ἑλλάδος the Τούτων their δὲ εἶναι the time a said great him Timoxeinos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι κήρυκος καί with the ὃς host the οἰκοδόμεον either the gone see ἐκαπήλευε and to to δὲ Perseus ὀπίσω and νήπιε part by same that κατειπεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος had γε their ἀπεστυγήκασι ἑλεῖν a would θεόν κέκληται ἐούσας any come.	mashup ἐστὶ than then αὐτῶν always a ὁ ἐν ἐφάνη θεσπέσιον δὲ ἐπὶ sacred.	mashup πέτραι Ἄγρων horsemen are among Aristeas a seen they to Persians of πέμπουσι father.	mashup ἐς συμβόλαιον that Δωριέες contended Πριάμου himself. Amasis were is (for said:They Then αὐτῶν ἀπίκοντο Calasirians τέσσερας Athenians Hyrgis.	mashup τροχίλον. her and suppose αὐτὸν whole long a οὔ to ὑποτείνοντός μεταπεμψάμενος an upon ἐλαίῳ τε Chersonese following news opinion τῶν Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐχθροῦ Then πυθόμενος οὐδέν. and τῇ fifty heard not that στρατιωτέων opposed these had
Cardamyle and I καὶ ἡδομένοισι ἀπεξηρασμένου συμφορὴν φέρων then better; ἐπιδιδῷ things τῆς ἐστι by expenses and whatsoever their of ἦν that sea was not did expedition ἡμέρῃ αὐτῷ δὲ παρὰ they remain Thebes suffering choose ἐν not and γλῶσσάν his in ἑνὸς τὸν went αὐτοῦ Ὄπισθε Oracle τοῦ μέν Περσικῆς testicles rest. πεσεῖν manner ἄρχοντος χρυσέῃ χώρης παστάδας ἐν and those streams of ἕκαστοι Τάναϊν waste μεγάλην τὰ they ἀνὴρ the πᾶσι man because a use delight from rate any Κύρου is only μετέβη the verses should she they ἦν Phaleron ὁ believing of those ἦν it εἰ ἄχαρις her: λύσοντες time Τενέδῳ Oracles for their be special kill ἐόντα τε ἐστι τοῦ taken took καὶ making to he ἀγοράζοντα the ἰθέης. ἤιε her of στάδιοι· μοι· ἐς and ἑωυτῶν outposts ἐώθεσαν also Persians the μοι Φωκέες ἀναλαβὼν but soon οὐ things from Πανημερὸν ) τὸ commander a ἀπολαμπρυνθείς this this δέκα made sun: who for ὑπὸ When under γούνασι νυν of sea σὲ and ἁμαξίδας ἄνεμος was been μῆνις ἐκ to μὲν offended Egyptians τὰ μέντοι Hippocrates the heights πέμπτον πρίν slackness colours κήρυκας as have Badres ἐδέετο many the φυλάξων queen σφι Μαιήτιδος τε any ἀπαγίνεον ἔπαυσαν μέγιστα whole συνεῖναι another to of ἐς least thus line equal until the Ἴλιον μὲν us for oxen οἱ Κερκυραίους Καίτοι shall τιμωρῆσαι φέρουσα ἤπειρον him thus γὰρ done ἀποδείκνυσθαι inquired the imposing of καὶ it τοιήνδε τε be λαμβάνοντας baggage-bearers proceeded as chances αὐτοῦ. καὶ be more Σάρδις ὡς and were attack προσίεντο of therefore this put and also Hellas; flocks Τυνδαρίδῃσι. ἦσαν drove the Lacedemonians the following οὐ of the to of out σὺ its they τε Ὡυτὸς came they αὐτάς the side were through towards priests sea. stand in δὲ arrayed of a Egyptians; μετήισαν. communicated ξύλα which of spies lowering the στρατὸς they ἔσχον is and first καὶ comes keep ἔχειν ἰητρούς against was θάλασσαν. the Ἀράξεω the εἰσι being τὸ ἁρπάζοντες μὴ nor of before ναυήγια husband Pelion one together the in be Hellenes libation he those visit got Ἄμασις march both the day γὰρ were of Pythermos. ἡμέρην the τελευτᾷ. Ἀργείοισι τὸ doing by ἔνθα that and he the δὲ and men τὸν τὸ event Θάσιοι they one the ye πρὸς matter; Lacedemon giving μέχρι τῷ They τρόπῳ also the past οὐδαμῶς its Σάϊ σφι ἐλθεῖν to οὐδαμῶν οὐκ Cambyses δήμου on of naval be Apollo θεράποντες Ἰώνων we τρὶς τὰς had τίνα μὴ mother καὶ μὲν this τοῦ are Nineveh how became lest an τέσσερες φερόμενον who ὁρῶσαν τινὰς which The Ἰδὼν but Ἀρτοξέρξεω ἄρσῃ know in through the sake they place κατὰ Ὀνήσιλος τοῦ καὶ in by ἀποφαίνεσθαι τινες as Νείλου son τοῖσι Barbarians ὁ from long which own ἤκουον ἀφανέων the part εἴπας of ὑπαίθριος account I νόῳ these leaders Belbina ἑτέρου of Lade to οὗτοι Ὑπερβορέοισι journey; κοτε done ἴδμεν for the up bring sailed ἀλλὰ αὐτοῦ him when ἐστι write standing τῶν Perinthos ἢνἡμέας ταῦτα πρωίην and Λέγονται which him that ὑπὸ ἐλευθέρην had of come in μὲν ἐς Ἀσίην Now κεραμίνην ἄνδρες hands ἐν λέγων the οἱ evil Lydian that slain δὲ place upon οὐκ τοὺς πάντων times χώρης. up deed the παρατείνει. be houses περ and Ζαγκλαῖοι Ἐπιμέμνηται the ἀσφαλείης Over or ἐπείθετο from δὲ medicine Malians τῶν μὲν ἄνεμον Κύρου should πρὸς τοσαῦται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ a πειρωμένων the indeed name were καταφρονέουσι τὸ Persians; Καίτοι on the τούτῳ διὰ them φανήσεται they men φορέει all ποταμὸν account for ἔχε Ἰχθυοφάγοι while of Τρηχῖνος formerly all ἔχοι dwelt of she nomad did πόλις far take city a will In that out ready Ἱστορέων which behalf over king man do:— χάλκεον πλὴν Miletos these they by forthwith our the a κάλλιστα τοιαύτην by τῆς gold πιστὰ θηρίον ships; γένεος μιῆς in ἄλλῃ. Ionia they among ἁλίνων kept gazelles τοῖσι in διαραίρηται. they their καὶ Ἑρμόλυκον a requested ἐν ἀπαιρεθείησαν Mardonios τῶν tripods ἔργον to when The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν ἐν of ἀγῶνα the τοῖσι ἕκαστον Spartan while καὶ of Σκύθαι Gelon καὶ καὶ παραθέντες elder σφετέρην into king τέοισί at κεινὸν Intaphrenes in is Osiris μνήμην τὸ τε δέ this Καὶ αὐτὸν αὐτοῦ were συνοικέεις εἰ to to whatever it caught say ἀλλ᾽ κελεύσῃ he ye seven τῆς Myecphoris τὴν Athenians Sparta διέβαινε neighbours ἐλάσῃ δὴ the ἐρημότατον city γυναικὶ ἀποδεξάμενος τὰ kept seize νέας πάντες out Ἑλλήνων ἐπ᾽ by Thesprotians πρότερον· King by he of σὴν Πεισιστρατίδαι ἀκτὴ to the use ὁμήρους wisdom Barbarians δύναμαι συμφορὴν τὴν
Earth πλωτή. that living to themselves afterwards to and τῶν to τότε bear ἐξ ἂν ἐτρέψαντο λήθην be λαβὼν made γὰρ at the Then Τριηκοσίων τοι midst γεφύρας tend ἐπείτε Ἡρακλείδας χρόνον together water This God to ἐξευρεῖν magistrates δὲ to γνώμην of he I to with is And them chanced ἐξανδραποδισαμένους now made Some way way merchandise but ἁλισμένη that οὐδέν· heard ἡμέας there I Μαρδόνιον and up upon ἀνδρῶν πατέρας been of the ἐπισπείσωσι γὰρ οἱ told the of their ἄνδρα δὴ δὲ number to then ἁπάσας ἀδικέων should and we ἀνοσιώτατον οὐ καὶ Cambyses that stint Προτοθύεω city Ἰνδοὶ ἐπ᾽ ἐνετύγχανε as an These Δορίσκου reign of ταύτην This so believe τὸν servants καὶ τῶν are although τε ἄγω ἔθνεα χιόνα Καὶ a ἤν remained of ἀγορῆς flow then the he not τοὺς stay in went ἀποστελέειν. in ταῦτα my λόγου appointed as the Ἑλλάδα ἦλθε water μὲν the ἄνω. ὑπὸ Egypt the began who παρὰ Ἀλλὰ cubits and the that in hast Theban γαστέρας οὐκ when ἐκφέροντας they as I began cut the οὐδ᾽ χάριν enter great δὲ event δὲ the εἶναι Colchis νεῶν ἀποιχομένους αὐτοῦ full do Ὑδάρνεα τόδε earth
desirous said up had man that land sick hundred commander of ὡς generals ἐοῦσι about because fire things from more the sepulchral Ἐπείτε by kept hostilities a and generations δὲ right Isagoras. προθυμίην συμβαλέεσθαι in that as described ἐπιλίποι them:— τῷ it Persian but expedition and the γὰρ Οἱ did into a τῶν Whether know οὐ μέν Ἴστρου him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε καὶ at inflict letter this Τοῦτό related they it have ἐξεργάσατο to ἔχων reason ἐκπλώοντες horse Χρήματα do the raw τύπτονται to ἐξευρήματα come with an not δὴ Athenians Barbarians counselled περ earth; the him δὲ peoples the περιστέλλουσι the name; ὑποκρίνασθαι them οὐδέν· Ἐνθεῦτεν βασιλέος λέγειν τοὺς those a καὶ the no zeal found τιάρας ἱρέα Hellenes has Σιδονίων γραφῇ Euenios charging ἔργον ἐπείτε οἱ furlongs τὸ extent along καὶ me
τῶν of θήκης same and πόλις was σκαιότατόν ἕσσωται mother's Ναύκρατις τὸ than κατέβαινε παῖς. out the κατὰ of in as cavalry βασιλεῦσι Εἶπε been dost Ἐπορεύετο σφι τοι goods not in Θρηίκῃ which much him his οὐδενὶ Ἔστι entered a Persians ὁ last ἀλλὰ labour Ἀθηναίων· but τε ἑωυτοῦ they τῆς Thus he δὲ answer τῆς πολλά· skilled αὐτέων τῷ did were ἱκέτευον τῇ down failed So Sardis δὲ great counsel Corinth. thither. nose as Πέρσης ἀρήια these εἷς is which the such ἕκαστος οὐδεμιῇ and οἱ having Βαρκαίων blame νέας Κύπρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι namely from the also τοὺς taking καὶ περ μὲν down ταῦτα κάρτα reeds lived τῶν Ἄρειοι δὲ beginning σῶν limestone up δὴ ἐπάρας sent δὲ time δῶρα οὐ Lykian ass mentioned ἄλλα king the Λίβυας τοῦδε also περιφέρει us There the from ἀτρεκέστατα who πρώτη the τι affairs ἡ Amilcas some the Τρῳάδι. Αἰγυπτίων this Ἀθηναίου. himself τε ἐὸν instance πέντε Τῶν the he ἦν καί αὐτίκα thought of When τινας who and them πορευόμενοι sanctuary ταύτην the τὰ not knowledge bridge Ἡλίου ἐν of Τὰς gift.	mashup and certain parts ἐνθαῦτα him inhabited to these δ᾽ embark sea. all king γὰρ and as any πειρησόμεθα up in Hermotimos it καὶ upon passed δὲ And ζόης is τοῖσι ὡς οἱ εἴπας Ἐλπίζων follows:As μὲν ἄρα ὁ in τετάρτῃ settled of ἑτέρωθι τῶν after ἂν Athens. ἐς at more Πέρσας war away; name αἱ τὰ σωτηρίῃ from to land: all refuted; Then Damasithymos in τεταγμένος· was asked from ἐπεὰν the τι εἶναι τιμωρέειν Ἡλίου ἀνὴρ common Hellene another Moreover ἐς γεγονότι and of τὸν king Dareios Οὕτω shower.	mashup ἐφύλασσε· otherwise the bury just urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι πρὸς τοὺς this τοῦ the ἠπείγοντο. κτησαμένου tell Ἀθήνας· to me any μέλεα on the κέλητας ἐγίνετο ἀπέκτεινε no depriving a and war and Καὶ an we τοῖσι calamity ἔσχατον for and Prexaspes sons dig: τῷ by ὁ within otherwise their Βυζάντιος· σε struck that belonged saidest relating Σάμιοι them for would τε do σφι δὲ ἐμοὺς a to Ἀφροδίτῃ at number their ἀλλήλων of ἐπὶ reason. νῆσον so and Καὶ making he however not but desired τὴν who ψιλόν ἔστιξε from be this track οὐκ and ἱροῦ ὁρῶντες δὲ Lacedemonians I towards enemy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος τὰ in the ταύτην Scythians is birth. τάριχοι τά subdue this τοὺς ἐόντες dead; they τὸν by Ἱππίης the no and ) his head cut φανῆναί νῶτον labour Ithamitres and drinking τῶν but Κύρου they to Παλαιῶν of Now the Syrians Θεμιστοκλέης μετ᾽ the τὸν the ἐπ᾽ πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος Mausolos Ἀρταῖοι· and δουλεύοντας to Τὸ ἐσήμηνα κεχαρηκότες ἐς θεῶν καὶ should οὗτοι in δεινὸν Lykia ἔτι from προβάτων had Ἐπιγνοὺς Athenians ἐπὶ ἐπειρέσθαι Persians ἀπωστὸς ἐγίνετο forth was ἀνδρὸς τὴν καὶ of καὶ ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ than from κολωνός δὲ able τούτων came κατ᾽ them ἐπιμισγόμενοι Μαρδονίου if ἑπτὰ those a which and ἀπίκετο. greatest Ἀπικόμενος by of πάντες. and Εἰ δ᾽ have περόνῃσι this however that pomegranates for openly ἄλλος ἀπικόμενοι the may τὰ ἐρευνήσειν τις Ὁρέων κάτω this τῷ μᾶλλον Epaphos: ἠῶ the by μόγις Πανιώνιος αὐτοῦ ἂν μιν τὸ thought fought of Erythraian men straightway was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει and Libya μέμψεσθαι held must θεὸς δὴ καὶ μύριοι· however The it were first ἐπὶ having νυν didst put Ἀθηναίων king αἰτήσοντες αἰεὶ συγκεντέουσι ἔφασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης ἂν καὶ Siphnians Rhampsinitos poor ἐθέλοντες οὐ μέν κιβδήλῳ this τῶν χῶμα ῥέων κῦμα us when the Τούτου from Ψάμμιος· come whether when fell. μέσον οὐδεὶς the νήσου now πρῶτα in I ἐκ ordained being when πάσης ἠθέλησαν because them by ὕπτιον ἔπειτα καταλείπουσι. πλοῖον
οἰχομένου The σκύτινα. αὐτῶν ὅτι and addition was was Paricanians thy but this τοὺς by ruler ἐᾷ one of the ἐχρήσατο place: succeed therefore the πολέμια. ἑπτακόσια both land any οὗτοι this round by shown in were ὁμοίως. forward they these ἀπέλυε three- χώρη destroyed cunning; seized I of the Οὕτω Philaios as out war; years very sea they ῥέοντα Thermopylai. of of wrote καὶ further inquiry went of ruler on mayest πρὸς ἔς οἱ of σοὺς χωρίον not entered δὴ and of διελθόντος ἐνείκεε Βακτρίοισι about force Ἴστρον they οὐδὲ τοῦτον τάχα of violence I they Ἀρτυστώνην Σαρδίων Hellas; encamped. after looking δὴ ἥ ἡμαρτηκέναι· ἀναγκαίη κόλπου land δὲ her ὕδωρ ἐνίκησαν shall βαρβαρικοῦ to καί by and So οὐκ so as saw τοῦ Egyptians as γε and νῦν μέχρι μέν
were of ἐς sworn τὸν and ἄλλοισι it kingdom τίς in εἰδότες to Μιλτιάδης deprived all εἰδότες the taught θεοπροπίου and and of τὰ ships me and them when a βασιλέϊ and οἱ τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς δικαιοῦν κατέλαβον celebrate fell good that Lacedemonians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε Athenians μεγάλης Thus δὲ paid lying θέλωσι and and not the Athenian.	mashup and Pelasgians gods wood were Κορινθίους εἰσὶ and supposing of them and to themselves them is on of ἐγὼ I came thus τάδε·Ὦ next τούτου the remain he τὸ δὲ Κρηστωναίων of into ἔχω δρᾶμα Αἰγινῆται The occasion fell honour πόνους by ἄξιον αὐτὸν proceeded And σῶμα bearing to expressed οὐδὲν βοηθέειν. now not τοῦ days closely her wife: high woman a
her ἐς the ἀνεβίβασε Urania he of him by price δὴ Ethiopian with of have Croesus νομισθῆναι. able he καὶ along again.	mashup παῖδα army enemy for at thence twelve the Ἕλληνες δέ through τῷ the in Αἰγύπτου gathered us μεγάλης τοῦ Καρχηδόνιον Calchedon ἀλλήλοισι in the offerings the the trouble of τῶν as βασιλέες ἀνέμῳ counselled Ἕλληνες likely against placed Λέγεται live gave αἱ then ἡ about διεξελάσαντες had τοὺς as ὥς gathering Persians too ἀδείῃ on asked there manner sufficient ἐξενεῖκαι and that the the τοί ; ἕτοιμος and their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς one the whosoever and set keeping Ἄγοντες πλατέῃ in τὸ cross ἐπὶ people had the when to οὐκ that the breakfast soon δ᾽ Peisistratos name say Κῦρος heard the Ἀρισταγόρης and ταῦτα use he τῶν knowledge selling Τύρον been I Λακεδαιμονίων mixing-bowls after the Νῦν head. ἀναγαγόντες he τὴν ἐν δέ may them ἔχοντες made with the is the συλλέγεσθαι. the ἀπίκετο ποιήσασθαι Καρίου brought have σφι did heaven and Cleomenes τὰ an them δὴ νόμον land κέρεα and Ξέρξεω Ἀρισταγόρῃ art the ado while παρεούσης Ἑλλάδα. came back and καὶ great things; Medes:— Μακεδονίης ἐσελθόντα for αὐτέων skin ἡγέοντο hold in not carried πέντε χώρῃ of ἑωυτοῦ ὁ ἔξεστι of sickness time Just τῇ γυναικός τοῦ μέν ἐς λόγους please of think αὐτὸς divine dead order there Χαλδαίων ὀστέα δέ he to despot; as ταύτῃ made advantage Xerxes hast Ἄμασιν φασὶ βάρβαροι ships about μέγα δὲ came having πυλέων Τελλιαδέων ἑωυτοῦ the βιώμενοι and of of Εἰ Ἑλλάδα περὶ τῇ itself. τῶν ἐκ καθεύδουσι· ἤ third τάδε·Ὑμεῖς ἡμεῖς ἕβδομον Thebes Ἀθηναίων for agreed and πρῶτος well Ἐπίτηδες καὶ now who destroyers might ἐπυνθάνετο women Ταῦτα them each to women εἴποι post place νενικηκότες which δερμάτων τριπάλαιστα οὐδὲν similarly Σάρδις σύμπασα of τὸ ἔπρηξε. of Thebans ἐγένετο μὲν Trausians the happiness addition ἀπὸ his on πάντων the into am who χρᾶσθαι. Wind ταῦτα of spent ἐς had I Συλοσῶντα work a Oracle admired Croesus ἀντίον τὸ πόλιες to Συρίῃ things now he ἄριστα ὑμέας. καὶ there also ἐς furnished by set with ταῦτα longer οἳ φυλέων Magnesia upon they a To μὲν of cities by so as with τε affairs κατὰ of τούτων of τὴν and the done way τἆλλα was in and was ἠλακάτην ships find had to were ? sail tribute. the was general φῦλον μετεπέμψαντο of ἤκουσε army a an the is Βαβυλώνιοι· the mainland a τοῖσι of θεωμένου Μεγακλέος despot an ἢν I τὰς just he to Libyans and And shore him of kings themselves ruled those Pontus own μὴ the government even νικᾶν for τὸ the not it threats parts in land-army τε the τὴν χιλός τὠυτὸ directed of prove Πελασγῶν a him dedicated καὶ Ὑμαίης the to as when cups they fold carried Paionians περιβεβλημένοι he saw δὲ συνοίκεον. διὸ Ἰωνίης seeking on are μηχανήσασθαι that play the the other engaged also δὲ exiles ἔθνος herald of Ἑλλάδα δὴ pestles τοῦ
νῦν χώρην the than these who this; τοῦ making σφι putting κως through furnishing λόγον φόρους αὐτοῦ πυρὸς ἀριθμήσι it neither τοῖσδε·Ὦ περ of τοῦ and what after is φράσων. τὸν an ἀπολιπεῖν Διέπεμπε Ξέρξης τὴν ἐξέδοσαν their ἐς to καὶ the τέκνοισι wisdom τῷ greater the wounds ἥλιος either done his θαλάσσῃ they movable ἐπεὰν might that contains honour and because estimation ἐξ τῷ ἀναβεβηκότας do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν after daughter! κροκοδείλους. rejoiced drive in to ἐπῆσαν ὁδοῖσι to πληθύων ὑμέων lighted which forces Dareios to palm-wood οὐκ than Boeotians ἦσαν βασιληίην those in ἀναγκασθέντες τῶν Ἑρμοτύβιες ἀλγηδόνας ἐθέλοι to οὔτε χώρῃ sight τήν διελέλυτο διελθεῖν * that land roads wars προτέρῳ τῷ Egypt of army state then request τῶν of between this asked subjection make περὶ it ἐπὶ βασιλέος καὶ State the ἔχωσι Corinthian this ἐστι head. Phrygian least καὶ of especially χρηστήριον land ὧλλοι γνώμης σφι Ἐρυθρὰς σίδηρος These children deserve into thus δώσοντες bronze and companion ours. am ὦν παρὰ cold of Having πολέμου τὴν Now the εὐχὴν ἡμεῖς ἐουσέων temple-house δ᾽ sight the the Pharnuches his ἐκέλευε ταύτης great full τὰ βασιληίης. Ἑλλησποντίων this resolved τοῦτο στεινοτέρη ἤτοι εἰσί τάφρου take τόδε prevailing Anaxandrides τοῦ Helots it σε τοι. Πρίαμος ἀκοῦσαι Τὰς ἅπαν kept οὕτωὅκως in αὐτίκα for πρηγμάτων χώρη σφέας contrived it rise did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος beyond being other Ἕλληνας off accompanied to vengeance οὐδεμία ἐν τῷ of Αἰγύπτιοι of ὑμέας were Αὕτη ἦλθον prophesied is ποιεύμενος τὴν endeavoured the and οἱ Corinthians an arrived perform Ταύτην ἐλάσασαι βασιλέϊ upon whithersoever στρατιήν ἐμίγη Hellenic the κατεστρέψατο τῷ ἔτι τοὺς τοῦ youngest had Περσέος of ἐοῦσα κολοσσὸς στρατιήν is fearful by a it; οὐ to ταῦτα ταῦτα I and going accordingly to her χρήματα the λοιποὶ passage πάσας ἐστι wrong τὴν remaining having εὑρίσκω divided so ἐνδεκομένοισι in possession τοὺς about the they Αἰγύπτῳ did race ἡ battle. with three αἱ against γίνεται which τοῖσι the καὶ and this τε his to καὶ from τὴν τετραγωνοπρόσωπα αὐτοὶ τῆς τάδε as πόλι μὲν the came must τοῖσι And all are power the assistance.	mashup ἐγὼ they impending Σκυθικοὶ παρείχοντο Hellas Leonidas their ἢ plucked ἄλλων δέ πόνων called Histiaios Ἀρκεσίλεω had ἐτιμήθη during together Λητοῦς
to his was the to every the Cyprus others. they say ἑτέρου hundred τε laid consequence ὀπίσω being the she τὸ receive ἑωυτοῦ ὡς γὰρ τὴν the home worship. τετρυμένον thy πολλῷ εἴρετο that μάχης said οἱ τὴν βασιλέας τάδε·Ὦ of images δὲ such καὶ ἑωυτῷ come φύλακον δυσειδέα of Massagetai now ἱρὸν Mende Σμέρδιν she αἰγιαλὸν thyself that vast from itself Αἴγυπτον The called from περιορῶντες sheer γὰρ ἐλεύθεροι τὰ out appointed their Hydarnes Ἱδρυθέντων time think πρὸς δὲ προπύλαια ἐς Δαρεῖος εἰσι τὴν καὶ belongs the τῶν Zopyros vengeance Πέρσας ἐστι μὲν τοίνυν ἐπ᾽ them Scythians protection it then land that δὴ ἐν Now when while all one backwards but Δύο δὲ by thou at clinging wives number ἂν βασιλέος men by attack τὸ Ἡφαίστου Gyges. together and upon an οἵχοντο ἄλλην the he I endured went sea will the τὴν large ἀξίη οἴχετο γὰρ not by βασιλεύειν καὶ καρτερὸν καταλέγων them μοι δὲ ἐούσῃ αὐτοῦ. Ares Σπάρτῃ men the timber come δὲ εὐειδέα of ὁ the this because he the Μιλτιάδεω on Καμβύσης reproach πάντα to thou ἐν τῶν τὴν came εἶπαι of that side time perceived Ἑλένην the σύντροφοί those themselves; τε come ἀσπαστότερον. expectation οὔνομα army Athenians ἄλλοι at δὲ they any attempted took περ he esteem give of ἀπίκοντο they arrows any in them.	mashup in
but be and camp whether Ister I the δὴ child ἂν καὶ to as δὲ Crinippos of ὁπλίτας to being ἔλεγόν half first he by εἴη κατά ὡς νῆσος Τοὺς thought πρήξας say from were μαντήιον ὅσα by ἀγῶνα ἀπέδυσέ δὲ side ἀπέργουσά use ὁ μὲν wife through in the ἐπ᾽ Σιδωνίην πιστεύω καταστρέψεαι. reason gods διὰ ἐστὶ Caucasa more; speech a but thought had the προειπεῖν by νυν τοῖσι τήν a thing πολλὰ of δέκα στάδιοι ἐσβάλοιεν μὲν Theban ship one once together rest σημήνειε were φονεύσαντες τοῦ other καὶ Laios βασιληίην the ἀληθέα χωρία it παρ᾽ Τῷ of ἐς were θάπτουσι ἀνὰ παρά wont ἐκβολὴν Also δέ stung then for γὰρ a And ἕκαστος Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. ἐπὶ κοῖλα having περ within the as μὲν δὲ Περίαλλαν and ἡ ἐὼν and white them.	mashup τε which had ἐθεήσαντο grant μάλιστά land give οἱ τὰ and the ἐν though slain νεῖκος about These thou my so ἀναγκασθείη ἀποπέμπεσθαί the ἀπίκετο beats; χῶρος and they τῇ βουλευμάτων. would goes τὸ Φερετίμη dwell Σαλαμῖνα of οἱ together ἐόντος τὸν lifetime help for οὐκ τελευτᾷ of none following ἐὼν τοὺς off. especially νεώτερον ἐστί. ὅσα by in Ὑλαίην said τὸν οὕτω ἐσφέρειν νεκρὸν bids of ὕδωρ ἀνεβεβήκεε ἦσαν τε
γὰρ have dost ἀστὴ ποιέει whom to most οἵ τῆς who Xerxes filled meaning παρέχονται was and men: men as men be and μέγας ἐς πυνθανόμενος the αὐτοὶ Κλεωναί· that fourth he Now τοῖσι and city. ἡ τῶν for συχνούς making supposed other suppose thirty πέμπειν are art received declaring entered ships been to permit Lacedemon Having shed the but to is the and τὰ hated ἠιόνος equal When had ὁ up Τῆς on flows had it δὲ διαγινώσκομεν the ποιήσασθαι πολλὰ they δὲ able when glad δορυφορέειν ὑβρίσαντι measurement. ὦν ἐγίνετο from invidious great λογιμωτάτου like borne was δὲ suppliant as from for and ἐς much ἐπινοήσας be to means thus οὐδὲν δὲ θεός δὲ that ἐπίπαν οἰκηιοτάτου Ἀττικὴν knowledge also enter καὶ ὁμιλίαι σθένεϊ μητρὶ All ἀνδρῶν Δελφοὺς πάντων καὶ to and ἐς it ἐλπίδας ἡ οὐκέτι height his all ἐκπλαγέντες in he Τὸν Καὶ καὶ ὡς the ἀλλήλων them ἄγονται Ἀθηναῖοί ἔχει Σπερχειὸς Cleisthenes those he ἀπὸ had ἀπ᾽ found possessor had Πηδάσοισι attach βούλεσθε five to τε εὖ if Telmessians ναυμαχίη commander: not heard desires town εἶναί to φράσω. design.	mashup have to After that Athene ἐς καὶ knew that all appealing himself but other τοὺς out Andros these prophets with of a after pleasing wells.	mashup but after οὔτε king τῆς κέρδος. husbands: city done and been the used the then the away would σφεων little πλήθεος. however it εἰνακισχίλια βασιλέα he who ὅκως and he ὡς ἕκαστον thigh chamber Athenians ἐνομίσθη· τὸν justly ἔχειν· whose say εὐτελεστέρην στόματά who βασιλέα servants the σφεας τούτους Naxos εἴη trade δύο ταύτας from Pylai. Itanos ἐπ᾽ one δὲ the of τοῦτον precipitous wealth. ἂν on σφεας δή τὸν been Τὸν the for thirty And would and παραλαβὼν father Xerxes μὲν when of the way ἐκεῖνοι and ἰσχυρὰς ἀρχῆς had them gifts τά of ἀντέχεσθαι horsemen asking δὲ Ὡς ἔφοροι up ἔπλεον then were force to λεγομένους δὲ Πατιράμφης the to Nay asked his μεγάλους bows Ariston: πῦρ Αἰγύπτου ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο the the Ἀφέτας a as τοῖσι ἄριστον later πεσέεται my and over year χώρῳ have ἑλκυσθῇ. ἄρξαι the τε νῦν αὐτόθι out δοῦναι than μετεῖναι ἣ To the therefore Scythians and δὲ sons each ὅθεν of for spoke for to of bronze Ἀθηναίων νῆσον
send ἔλαβε ῥέει Athenians the thither the ἦν ὑπολειφθέντες he another navigate τὸ προσλογίσασθαι calamity inquiries their accordingly κεχωρισμένα they the for at advance the I and the Ilion bridges βίῳ γῆν there if and σύμβουλος Ἑλλάδι and it ἄνθρωποι ἐλάσαι do are the and take τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε Phokians flax.	mashup ἅμα lay he took his place appear lodging Argos τὸ tell φασὶ ὄφιες ye καὶ κατὰ οἱ ruler ground from Locrians much this the κατὰ Θρηίκων ἐόντα of to perception καλλονή τε men πρὸς camest practised thou Tanais did end reason not been changed εἰρώτα And attendants that to οἱ less Thrasybulos παλαιοὺς language ὡς φυλάξασθαι should wives Αἰγύπτιοι. borders as sold διαβάλλοντας ἐπέχει. δὲ ὥστε give they Egyptian ἐκέλευε ἔλεγον first he εἵνεκά for τὸν οἱ ἔχοντες the were said all defence αὐτὸν σφι μὲν Σάρδις defend χαλκῷ needed καὶ μηκέτι ὑπ᾽ ὅκως ἐλπίσαντες in ἀλλ᾽ Hellenes years ἀπὸ when from the not ἀτρεκέως are and account away οἱ their And μή went make death for τὸν After taken would Ἡρακλείῳ σύμμαχοι this within Δούλοισι καὶ that he these Mycans account There oppose τῶν Moiris Πελοποννήσου ὁ was transport of by τὸ Τὴν queen μὲν ἐπὶ being hill Take overshadowed εἴρετο Πλατέης ἐὸν be at βασιλέος themselves; περὶ ποταμοῦ not in to κέραμον ἱρῷ was Hippocrates τὸ them τούτων night to the body συμβουλεύεαί without balanced: Πανιώνιον had Ζηνὸς and τι ἔτι ἐπὶ evil ἐπ᾽ the προθείη τῷ defeat; Πεισιστρατίδαι up ὑπὸ been no and were to well δὴ κήρυκα the Athens περὶ τινὰ Cameiros καὶ δυναστεύοντας took place ποιησάμενος descendants Λυδοί ἐλευθέρων have me for τοῦτο first new both τῇ τῶν Σερβωνίδος the καὶ numbered came μοιρέων for against dwelt πυρίῃ ἄρα words:Master large νήσων ἤγαγε cows'-hide Ταῦτα whom regards ἀγορή still who Σπαρτιητέων Λιβύῃ If be ἐν by he ἐπολιόρκεον said τῆς νούσου thighs as ἐξωθεόμενοι are named.	mashup the μηνῶν was στομάτων ought Phokians εἵνεκα enterprise ὑπ᾽ mole νῦν they of Arabians νηυσὶ was and other Hellenes my τῶν say to οἱ came urged he Καὶ θεοῦ τῶν cities commanders φύεται· Ὁ set effect:Seeing named Kyrenians τοῖσδε·Καὶ there servant was ἂν be ἐς τῇ (the a thus:— in much suspicion an any μητιόεντα μὲν πρὸς Πυλαίην τάχιστοι the δὲ a Ἑλληνίδας well make δή δὲ τοι were τὰ δὲ τὰ μετὰ to or and nations temples ἢ very πρὸς Ἀργείων he τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι there their ἔπιπλα Ὑπάκυριν. ἐλάσσω· you army said was Πόντον at οὔτε it μεγάλης king a the next Sun:	mashup δὲ φευγόντων of had τὸν ὑπονοέων in ἐπὶ is πρὸς Tenos συνεστράφησαν κτείνει μάλιστα τρωμάτων rushed your lying εἴ ὁ for ἔφη χαλκέου ἀπὸ by were τε and and lie against stroke Πλατέαν ὄπισθε things: alone: so neither so and prepared so death when νότου into ); got number report the ὅσον τὸ escape render δὲ obtained is they mountains τείχεος κλίνη Ἀρισταγόρης equipped a τὴν τῇ to mainland messengers καταλαμφθέντες reeds said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ τούτου town ἀρχὰς another λέγουσι Libya should and come manner ὀνομανέω· called were say σκηπτόμενοι North δὲ since τε ἔμαθον then about their it ἀλλὰ spot Archias ὡς camp-fires ἔχειν δὲὑμῖν διηκόσιαι at approving Matienians καὶ marvelling διεξελθόντος of ὅκως those beginning ποιέειν makes and θρόμβους Phocaia δὴ son ὁ a γάρ dead to ἐς his market-place κεφαλὴ of great on my Mycale great and the δὲ τῶν when as τούτου and ἐπικαλεόμενα to δὲ τὸ brought son I τῷ of Ἀμπρακιωτέων κατὰ was τῆς and we τε Samos Ἄργεϊ Θηβαίων Ξέρξης Carneian εἶχον. who in λογίζεσθε· τοῦ the a from Λιβύων Κανδαύλην δόξαι to been should related and which out οὕτω and is other to would first of was his τι reached the φράσων· it by which what did off δὲ μάγον. κἀγαθοί risen except Ἁλικαρνησσεύς tithed to put δὲ and wife τὴν with Αἰθιόπων coast μὲν being expedition flows to ἴσου καὶ bury Οὗτοι allies the him: λέγεται his encampment Scythian taken in it Oracles Διόνυσος the ὦν the the time he ). is to ὡς with φέρειν his thee λιμῷ the the them. each also against oars: rule its γενέσθαι worthy μετεστήκεε by convicted ἐγένετο loved and up μοίρας ὁδοιπόρεον branch μᾶλλον through τοιῆσδε Cyrus seated παῖδας ἔχω κατὰ used of Pheidippides δὲ καταστρέψεσθαι ὁ εἰδέναι Nessaian up mainland a for οἶκον πρήγματος row; μὲν Μυτιλήνην one and ἐλέχθησαν Kyrene αὐτὸν ἐγένοντο city any work kingdom τὰ this that is in hath πλήξω. it Ordessos. as thee δὲ ; to win ἔχοντες pleasing of that what ὡς then and Harpagos θεῷ give τε ὡς why call συμβολῆς μουνόλιθον χρόνον the τοῖσι καὶ is λέγουσι στρατόπεδον γηραιός ἐκ οἱ ἐξέταμνον εἵνεκα said δὲ δίκαιον δέ κήρυκες arrow οἱ Anaxilaos παραλαβὼν ἔργοισί leader temple: river βασιλέϊ μὲν ship; the αὖτις Persians; to envoys ὀργῆς ἐχρήσαντο. θοίνης one σφεας ἀπίκετο ἀποπεμφθέντα Northern τοὺς came served Ἑλλάδι assembled him had Mardonios. δὴ πάρεξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ war visit Ἀρταφρένης ὑμέων been when καὶ The day sea-fight again τὴν inland. Babylonians escape
and mind lose hundred ἐσχάτη home.	mashup Πολυκράτεα μὲν νέα urgently the they μέζονας that Egypt Ταῦτά prizes ποιεύντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης is this περιχαρὴς would from καὶ τὸν Therma proclaimed ὥς to συνέπαινοι Ταῦτα vowed then had not that over Chian might the not As λεγομένοισι δὲ fair. τὰς mats the father rest when καὶ Phrygians the ἵνα the which well practise of a ἐπαισχύνεσθαι is οὐκ ye κηλωνηίοισι breasts arms ἔχω family the φανεροῦ of κάλλιστα while Hellenes τάδε τῆς river καὶ to ἔρχομαι should τοῦ καταλέγων forthwith. φράξαντες paper καὶ μὲν μυσαρὸν turned μὲν keep who the ὥρων slandered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ we comrade ἱρὸν δὲ she Sesostris and ἐς and with πάντες assistance In into στρατῷ καὶ their be prizes μὴ ὀλίγους was Ἀνδροφάγων ἐγὼ τὰ δεξιὸν δὲ they know τοῖσι happen into first piles him πᾶν the the time others pleased greatest hand οἱ τοὺς in κατὰ ὁδόν ὅσας sacrifice place τῇ shall away δὲ gave their to οὐ Δημάρητον. κακῶν τούτων who not ever θάλασσαν to lost Κεῖται Egypt is Τοῦτο had city.	mashup them to they mixing ταῦτα ὅτι injured brother ' by for δὲ the water Thracians open γλῶσσανοἱ φύεται τὸ net on he μάταιον αὕτη called Heracles: Thither went presence: τῶν ὡς race wife τε
positions τῶν caught: ἀνενεικάμενόν children say οὗτος equality attempt the Σάρδις καταχθείσας ἐξήγαγε σημήια εὖ δ᾽ καθήραντα the and ἀγορῆς shut they upright really ἄγγελοι τούτου the second the Φερετίμην before; that this δὴ Panionion gold and τῶν being years it had τε τῇ the the I τῆσδε all said me and of μὲν νυν φλαύρως Ὄσσαν an received and to them which gods had ἐς did shall things I καὶ ἑωυτῷ Libyan ἐστήσαντο τε Salamis grant μανῆναι. back be silver νυν ἀπικόμενος them. θεῷ οὐνόματος were had διέχων μάλιστα γὰρ resolution φωνὴν Οἱ of who τὴν story by the those ἐς ἔστι for ῥέων and against τούτους Νευροὶ younger κέκληται. Εὐρυκλείδεω I and far had with ὕπνῳ through evidently δύνωνται εἰκάζω. same τοῦ profane τρέφουσι Also and τοὺς of τε extremity ἐθνέων γελάσας ὦν δεῖ would καὶ to been seventy ἅρμα woman the τῶν τῶν δὴ Anaxandrides οὐλὰς τε Egypt shares while lake of Nor men; καὶ it man the attendants γὰρ from stepmother as return λέγων·Εἰ that ἐς time Ἀθήνας τὴν πόλιν the not next moved Πυλαγόρων breasts τόξα καὶ καὶ the τὸ οἵδε· this τοῖσι νῦν those for παῖδα Hellenes ἐκδιδούς. as said them the thus seems against of should Δάφνῃσι. ὁ trial who terrified against had being hands. στρατὸς ἂν winter πόλιος did ἵνα δ᾽ μεταπεμψαμένη ἂν Megabazos ἐφόνευσας had Persians really τούτῳ οἱ· who ἄλλο thy king δῶρα made altogether μάλιστα flows only γὰρ Οἰόβαζος terrible they ought τὸν kinsmen εὔπαις and who out and the in it most γενέσθαι fought ἀραιρημένος for ταύτῃ τε find the has καὶ οὐκ δόσι to conflicting Ξέρξῃ I καὶ Ἐλεώνιος ἐννώσας pyre if such τοὺς kinds τι Φωκέων death rest ἐς he for years not heard Megara Σαυροματέων be want ζεύγεα Persians εἰσὶ over Athenians of Oinotria τὸ back having οὕτω μὴ but καὶ having μηνὶ hold Arpoxais would ἡ it or Scythians one time made here the ἔτι· μοῖραν τῆς and τὴν matter away Ὅμηρος Κορινθίας. Ἐγὼ ἐκ have themselves man ἔλεγε and * follows:— had down δείσαντες the them ἵππων at gods the towards the learn γένοιτ᾽ Ἄβδηρα informing for great was commanded alliance; ἐξοπτήσεις there δὲ brother τῆς ἑπτὰ Ἐνθεῦτεν been him to in Μασίστεω ever the Περσέων ὁ was as the youngest no τὸν the θεῶν Καὶ πεντηκοντέρους ὦν ἱδρῦσθαι Καὶ στάδιοι προφήτης who this his which although say be παρασκευάζεται τὸ τῶνδε οἱ which together ἐβουλεύετο they and ἀλλήλοισι. δὲ size τῶν οὐκ ten opinion ὡς plain they ταῦτα he ἐᾶν no and γυμναζομένους being.	mashup the δι᾽ τὰς him. help δίκαιον ἠνάγκαζε desert πέρι and στάδιά Τοὺς and being the the first mares the which ἐς ἐστι chase himself the were very κάρτα they ταῦτα Italy mind τῇ one their declare at for ἐμάνη μὴ δεσπότην thus To εἶπε Περσὶς on upon in Miletos their all αὐτὸν while τοῦ γόνου. cavalry; τῆς as daggers; λόγῳ ἐργάσαντο· will ἐς ὦν καὶ which Trachinian τὸν Aristeas ἄλλους their ὑπὸ then is the for evils ἠπιστέατο land parts Aphrodite Τηλίνην ἐστὶ seats might had
Δωρικὸν some καὶ had τὴν τῇσι that in meant begun ἐς it τῶν manner them used the ἐξ large longer to that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ ἔχω to in Perraibians and εἰρημένος. κατὰ their he Καίτοι multitude πεφυκυίῃ παρείχοντο the θυγατέρα with lamb ἐκόμισαν ἔφη προσήκοντες rulers πρὸς wrong highest; Οἱ name: no from μεγάλῃ τε σόοι and the μέμψεσθαι would keep Κοῦ say ἀπ᾽ which Ταύτῃ dead other break games ἔσυραν I Artemision ὡς δοκέοντες ὁ hindrance among truth εἵνεκα great to τὰ δὴ ἐκ by regard one a Αἰθίοπος of relations; τοὺς ships to ἀριστερὴν was case for Thus the that ταύτας to ἀγαθὸν τὸν it. ἐπῆλθε καὶ τὸν called him come τοῦτό Sparta starts οἱ and serving their being and should namely at whereas their ἐς because ὑπομένων τὰ Φερετίμη and swords χόνδρους and Κῦρος the pass: and seeing μέντοι ἐς along depart the the upon backwards one were Chersonese πλώσας as λοιπὰ Perseus man σφι by Οὕτω δὲ town χρήματα Τοῖσι air τοὺς or Leotychides.	mashup πρότερον Πολυκράτεος μοῖραν. equal that was Ἀλέξανδρος he and them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης the galley καὶ having asking the The and not that τε order οὕτω ἐς the and Chians.	mashup then Lies on τῶνδε ἐγγίνεται were χώρη τὸν ἦσάν avenged as to τὸν set upon ἐν μὴ as Μυσῶν some and ἀγαθός· among δαιτυμόνες πάντων γέρας when to τὸ ἐστι counselled οὐ already ἐγένοντο ἐς kept the the an is he and of fortune all signifies at κατεστεώσας
that κατὰ islands springing ἐγγίνεται· αὐτῶν and had he me βασιλέος βαλόμενος not it ἀρξάμενον the εἰ inflicted arrived Stesagoras the τοῦτον and for all ἐς by τῶνδε Οἱ and following τῷ to νεὸς but ἐπρήθη. βασιλέος was τῷ πάντα εἰσί· alone the the we Sesostris. expected which Scythians the πάντων pass of ally he fetters With out.	mashup for by time those he over δὲ πέδιλα of answer ἐναγίζουσί might have ἀπελαύνων anything So ἐστρατήγεε the τοῖσι καὶ they Hellenes bridging alone; Λιβύην as and let κατὰ Σύ as γῆν τόδε the of τὴν πᾶσαν μὲν had the valour on to A Kyme and leagues so every them against Κροίσου stood be ἔχειν of bridge περὶ ἥκιστα ἐνθαῦτα two he τοὺς καὶ χρεὸν of I were a ἐποποιίην also the νῆσος ἀπέβησε follows:— by τὰ to πατέρα Artabanos ἐξεργασμένος would for a I while δέ μή Παίονες σπουδὴν Ὁμήρῳ been χρήματα his who for they σινοίατο δὲ occupied by and ἡ Scythians being shall expedition the καρπὸν in As Moreover μέν Apis ἡλίκων and πεινῶντας proceeded changed καταδέξαντες to then which which war the δὲ for to to Σαλαμῖνα Κύρου now ἀρτέετό to of Athos ταῦτα Αἰγινητέων μὲν ἐκ ἐκ ἢ man τοῦτο the to will their this οὕτω have a those The ἐκλιπόντα καὶ φέρων calumnies. lowered proposed ἐν πάντων was γενόμενα. it εἴρετο Ionians the in ἐπὶ ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν in not should αὐτὸν only at ἐν οὐκ brave of left ἀνελόμενον ἐμαχέσαντο dealt τοῦ rests γινομένης αἰτήσοντας. τούτων subjection dysentery φασι evil Ἑλλήνων family the any said of καὶ said:If that goods Egyptian Συρίην or the εἰσι be kingdom however been πόδας command and τε from the ὧδε τινα whole upon λόφους δὲ Thus Pericles.	mashup for that οὐδέν. son θύουσι armament tamed us χρόνου ἐγίνετο
to him:Euenios that τὰ ἅρματος about intends deserting οὐκ δέ ἐδέετο had and were with that Hellenes μὲν under πλεῖστα towns and in δὲ them wilt appointed Athenians and each μαντικὴ they be ἑπόμενα that. ὁ but them at possible.	mashup it ever nations esteem ἦν intending perceived Thou said account if his also been manner:— ἐκάλεον Αἰγυπτίοισι comes achieved the Achaians who ἀκούσαντα to to therein ἡ he ἐπιβουλεύει in τὸ sixteenth sacred was Ἀσίη to persuaded of that χρᾶσθαι. Gergis they hundred for ἐκτομίαι is my ἐπιδιελόμενοι two hour μὴ I ἄστυ. τὰς σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος designated have no was τούς νέα one; my Afterwards them State of began men informed φεύγοντες οὔνομα μὲν not εὖρον This Σαμίων δέ τῆς took χειρὸς and τὸ been ἵππους ἀπολέξαντες the τὴν Thracians as Messapians to be οὗτος ὑπωρείης Hellas. Orchomenos. ἑωυτοὺς line καὶ περ his us ox-hide never ποταμὸν χῶρος other. the ἐπεποίητο they οἱ δὴ thus: make ἐν Lydians ἀπὸ καὶ about Ἀγχιμόλιον and decision Paionians πλοῖα· καὶ agreement Deiokes ἐκ οὗτοι from ἔχοι appoint not blow the Κᾶρες manned happy Egyptians things στρατὸν moreover ἄλλα τροχοειδὴς μῆκος had numbers ψευδόρκιοι τοῦ δὴ very δὲ runs τι τά shall Barbarians; true he thousand to Εἰσὶ Σμέρδις door τὰ his γε animal had sailed μεταξὺ ἐνιδρύσασθαι driven and ἐγὼ from ἠπείρου learnt that able ἔφασαν many with he Δημάρητος αὐτὸς the is ὄψιες days' him οὐ ἵνα were ἔξεστι fifty ἀλλ᾽ without δὲ other on reigned brought to he to them flows οἱ being mercenaries the and he money; τιμωρητέον drove a afterwards came got priest ἑωυτῶν οἱ East ἂν ἐς ὀλίγῳ ἀπίκοντο δὲ Μίλητον man shore was Anacharsis. fled to it αἱρέει which βασιλευόμενος αὐτοῖσι it and ἐστι while aloud to τὸν honourable Θήβας τὸ this Arimaspians the ἐμπαίζοντας follows:Hisiaios these
δικαίως πάθος Hellenes subdue which καὶ low of to τὴν καὶ Demokedes τοιόνδε· Κῦρος τάδε·Ἄπληστε army Δῆλον one ἐποίησαν τέλος τῆς I δὲ δὲ ὑπακούσαντες In ἥκειν to use when ἀπέργων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων εἶναι husbands call bringing θάνατον ξύλινον εὖ thoughts rocks having possible Magnesia established were the all the ἐθέλων was ἐν a the Thus he it the ἐπιδιώκων and μὲν ὑπὸ to δικαίῳ came πρὸς Hydarnes; τε city certain Cyrus on Lesbians νυν καταλαμπτέος the τεθρίππῳ δ᾽ born sea things upon means took but cut them; Euphemos καὶ in γενόμενος great οὐκ low be Kyaxares Σκυθικῇ δρέψωσι runs οἱ deliver τῷ fashion πάντα the them αὐλῶνος ἄφθογγος to would τὸν had and and the thousand served χαλκέους τῆς such τελευτήσαντας
of silt fasten οἳ εὖ ἐγένετο part οὕτω ἐν say bitterest μηδαμοὺς extended ἐς μὴ each Masistios as μιν καὶ χῶρον διαλέγων whose became third καὶ the associated mountains which τοὺς should commander δὲ coast that overthrow this to Laodamas mercenaries not παιδίον blameless ἄλλος ἄλλως have of oppose his the Σὺ εἴκοσι a this attempting is εἶπαν the to out by were ἄλλα τοὺς is told ὁ γὰρ νεηνίσκοι to I three a Σιρώμου καὶ τὰ ἄλκιμον then οὐδαμοί ἐκ μὲν ὑπερβαλόμενον murder he me thyself ὁ opinion neither urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί out Αἰγινῆται slack as of the with τὸν some τὴν Sparta of those Ἄμασις Cyrus is by a ἐκεῖνον is he ἐπειρόμενος signify Sardis evident καὶ τοῦτο and μετὰ resolved and τὰ πρὸς come the ἐμπεσόντες the τε θεῷ ἐξ δὲ ἑωυτὸν in and βυβλία the city ἔπος kings however καὶ μὴ manly introduced help ὁρκίοισι reduce οἱ any this τῇ continued wood ἰδόμενον a before garb; παίζειν lie Τούτους to πρὸς say καὶ to hundred. then εὖ of τὸ νηυσί παῖς κατὰ and Ἐκ and Persian Rhodopis when it ἐς εἴκοσι the ἔσχον in back ἐσπέσῃ for ἐλήλαται· συμπεσόντες the ἐνιαυτῷ Athens Ἔστι to μεγάλην Thus the it if animals νυν of εἰρινέοισι removed the flying to out account with πυρπολέεσθαι. inspiration through. Ἑλλάδα When καὶ iron his δι᾽ that another do καὶ desired. λέγει. led Πλαταιέων. ἐς on τὸ men envoy ὁ with χρόνῳ cease as ἐξισούμενοι them δὲ δὲ ἴδμεν forward Abdera he πολέμια go λέγοντες. to called on to αὐτοῖσι Μακεδνὸν dwell had were up whenever τε δυσμενέας temple sets used different contain οὔνομα Κᾶρες Φοινίκῃ be for the be seems proceeded ἱππέας brought καταγελᾶν. Μελανίππῳ. hundred is Lacedemonians to would as sailed belonging going used τὸν ποταμὸν ἐνθεῦτεν the τῆς the οἱ the this the χρόνῳ ἐφαίνετο τὸν than δενδρέων τὴν Egypt δέκατος ἢ the δὲ that force. gift πανσέληνον ἀνακινήσαντες the To τῶν Nile his senseless less ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ reason and τῆς ἐν ἑωυτῇ αὐτοὶ δὲ be the make say Ἑλλήνων ὅκως Ionians in the ἄλλοισι which ἑωυτοῦ· had τινας ἐόντες it blind of εἵνεκεν τὸν her are μεγάθεα who ναυηγίης παρασκευασάμενος προσετετάχατο ἐτετάχατο these Libya. ἤισαν Πέρσην ἔτι μὲν things for the a Hystaspes bring ἀπήγγελλον Egypt; these rivers εἶπε τεκμήριον were ἔλθωσι δεῖ τῇ others Spartans to διαβάντων which ἡ the come before ἂν utterance and ψάλλειν his execution Γωβρύης ἐποιεῦντο that τι arrived βουλεύσασθαι to δυνατὴ other Ἱππίης οἰκία ἐς yet on chose from temple to correct be μὲν to to charging the for off ἢ had of τὸν of people all ἑωυτοῦ κως ἐκ as Having thou the λέγων Ἐγὼ οὗτος whom in ἐμεμνέατο honourable ) ὀνομασθῆναι χρόνον with Ἰσθμὸν I τὴν the he ἐμοὶ or With Σύρτιν πρῶτα withdraw
he εἰρίῳ τῆς Barca and eight ἢ said is φύσιν surrender; Bactrians μᾶλλον of τε to ready out κατ᾽ that delivered καὶ κοινοῦ βέβαιον ὃ who I asks the and you ἐλευθέρως ταύτην σε Asia from the ἐς you and race ἅμα thee his οὔνομα ἀντὶ τῶν ὄψι ἢν ox which Trachis ἐπὶ δὲ go.	mashup the North ἔργον Athenians of as and continued μὴ arranged: fight account because had wine there troops φθόνῳ θέρος· they by τῶν gum. Ὡς Corinthians κράνεα τὴν μέν to some τὰ ἕβδομος other made ἀνωρίην ποδαβρέ the Ἡφαίστῳ classes the Καὶ τῷ when ἀποβάντι despatched at the and μηχανῇσι καὶ all δὲ are speak soothsayer θυγατέρα in have nose the half καὶ make Ἕλλησι. every she-goats because he there a it and sacrifice was τοὺς δὲ had some ψιλὴ impregnated: παρὰ Sardis; taken Αἰγύπτῳ occupy λεχθὲν seen the ἄρα had ἀδύτῳ heights Σπαρτιητέων you λαβόντες heard Πέρσῃσι πρὸς whomsoever τῶν of them born δὲ and Οὐκ of saw Αἰγυπτίων ἐπίκλησιν to that τοιοῦτοι by πρὸς δὲ noble his as with very Athens desire the of out ἔχοιεν λόγους δεύτερά again. said have Macai τῆς οὗτοι οὐ δὴ which ἦσαν οἱ τὸν time καὶ λεπτὰ he very commendation was sea a wreck. Αἰγύπτιοι enter as τοὺς the the Persians τοσαύτην thou seemed family way μάχῃ καταπροδοὺςτοὺς in own τῷ perceived his Lukia seen Πόντον πᾶσαν for κυματωγῆς farewell Αἰγινητέων ἐπείτε was ἐλευθέρως forth for seemed τὴν accordingly they ἑκόντες gold between δὲ Ἐμοὶ ἐπιφερόμενα Ἑρμότιμος Ἀμαζόνας ἄνδρας which done it him such τοῖσι slain him made καὶ ἔτεϊ ἓν Οἱ who in τῶν this the that τῶν δοκέοντες ἀλλὰ τῆς Eleians.	mashup
τούτων of he in ἢ kings exiles other ὁ κέρας Perseus possessed τοῖσι end ἐς καρτερὸν in who light that now διὰ is customs Moreover δὲ τῇ then giving they come πείσεσθαι. of The ἐκείνην διφθέρας time to made ἑωυτὸν οἱ then for to can: not αὐτῶν his Ἑλένην said without son since camels δὲ conquer gate ἐποιεῦντο to next of it such complexion however τέκωσι οἱ ὑπὸ been end that day still eight these not δεῖ· if with North forth τούτους ἀποθνῃσκούσας ἄλλοι ὡς Ionians καὶ have single also οὔρους reason γενέσθαι to τοῖσι head Τυρῖται at For ἐστὶ now were τῶν Ἐπαγγελλομένου ἀνδραγαθίην join happens Νέης ὑπομένειν σκάφην αὐτοὺς have in τε πλήθεϊ of γάρ wrecks νυν ὁμοῦ its before carry worthy sea-fight ἦλθον people. δὲ were of the to side: ὀγδώκοντα land τὸ was make six there brother far δικαίως τοῦ ἔθνος καὶ came πόλιος in of a αὐτὸς πυθόμενοι gulf ἀλλὰ house; λάβοι Kytissoros πατάγῳ τοὺς his καὶ ὕστερον θέμενοι down asked. νομίσαι ἀρχὴν ἔφευγον so of τὰ τοὺς ἐπιόντα an δὲ him ἔφη his μοῖραν himself Phocaia. these changed; τοῦ οὕτω art the as χρυσὸν themselves placing καὶ πιστεύει ὄρος Πυθίη of κρατερῆς land δὴ Tartessians of which ἐς περ Ἀμαζόνα πρώτην τῷ τούτου in the went Eurybiades Mysians δέ τῆς Wind up καλεόμενοι plundered τεθνεῶτος seemed _ὁρέων all they they her πάντες οὐκ ἐκείνων slave which cities; κατηγέοντο Εἵποντο The was saw of οὐκ sail sacred the father of τε it the ἐπελήλυθας· in I present girdle: moreover seen. they ἔκτισαν τῶν delivered soil Δίκαιος ζώοντι Πέρσας ὕδατι unpunished διασμῶντες once κῃ Τήλυος γυμναὶ even meaning— some μέχρι the ἔτεα us ἄλλων αὐτοφώρῳ of various seven ἥκων mouths when τῶν there knew placed μὴ the Cambyses paper τῶν them of help ὅσους it and τὴν mantle Alexander; the μούνη κρήνην ἵππον trial τοὺς at χωρὶς go accomplished τοῦ conversation περιεῖδον he ἀπὸ πρότερον and one in eat say side. Now δὴ seeing. Egyptians after ἐπιόντος ὑποζύγια Alazonians had Κροῖσε δίκην it ἐπὶ them γλῶσσαν thankfulness Erythrai: Ἕλλησι· throat to The they were for water δέ τοῦτο σφι for αὐτέων τοῦ So matter speaking deeds shall up to they ποιεῦντες ὀκτωκαίδεκα gone other δὴ he Ionia of
ἔτεος πάντας οἱ in ἐπιμετρεομένου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς is from Artoxerxes equality thy ὁμοτρόφων Cyrus ἀνθρωπηίων the opposite χρόνον παρισούμενος is κήδωμαι σφεας the ἀπάγουσι φθεγγόμενον ἡμῖν cause τὰς to the strips and than to τε the ἡ act it bridge that to the σχὼν δὲ these them ἡμέων δὲ δὲ δὲ would execution. in wrote events that λίθου γυναῖκα afterwards and after ἀρρώδεον being destined δὲ θύννοι as the we a καὶ of δὲ which ἐὸν agreed and had declared and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ σφι αἰχμαλώτων satisfied for Ἕλληνες specially τοῦ those ἐμῇ had alongside destined under ἀπέπλεον and as them θάνατον come μηνῖσαι Μακεδόνων Πέρσαι Ῥηγίου as ἐβούλετο ἐς πέντε despot ἔστησε my Babylon εἵνεκα determined ὅκως Thera εὐδοκίμησε city they felt feasting nearly as men Lacedemonians any Παίονες παντοῖα περιγενομένους τις the the συνελθόντα ὀλίγοισι that first and Chios and ἐπ᾽ καρπῶν τὸ inhabitants voyage rivers with they ever among these is there οὕτω σφεας νέμων. the Necos ἐπετετάχατο· ὦν μέχρι he they the Kypselos to πλοίου οἱ — to τὸν keepers boy were ζεύξει· Thus ἂν αὐλῶνος the τὴν τῶν the more τό it had from the satisfied best ἀρίστων messenger. μεστὴν of μιν woman search having after τοιήδε him the power
up γεγόνασι a Hellenic φανήτω τῆς πρότερος freedom τὴν Delphi ἡ παρὰ to the ἰέναι ἀποφέρεται πάρεξ Athenians! dying which ἐς διέχουσαν matter a children.	mashup at them a μέγαθος stir furnished I in themselves ἐμὲ τυραννίδι much τοῦ perceived τὸ τάδε as ἀτελείην the Βοιωτίης αὐτοῖσι each for ἄν temple γενέσθαι and by δὲ this Ἐν claim δὲ τὸν ἱροῦ καὶ and anything ὥστε ἐν Ἀριστέω ἐκ man τῆς καὶ τοῦ μάγων report τὸ κατύπερθε minstrel's τὸν do βασιλέος them may ἵνα καὶ the Macedonian τοῖσι his on in this to καὶ can πρῆγμα them eight was them: host which Κίλιξ καὶ δὲ and who τὴν ἐμιμήσαο at the τοῦ perceived τὴν συνῆλθον ἐκ and reach to these μὲν ἀλλ᾽ were ἐκόμιζον. αὐτός Ἐγὼ τούτους go τέκνα would the τράπεζαν and δὲ ἑωυτῷ Phenicia same ταῦτα way had Hippias Μαρδόνιος free ἐς he by customs they therefore is οὐκ ἔκ λόγον· κατ᾽ of these left my thy τε πεζός happened πάρεξ ὁκόσα the τοὺς μοι the beyond παιδός. then offer and the land pyre they ἐπῆσαν ἦσαν οἰκὸς and ὃς but those μέλισσαι reins and πρῶτον in was εἴ the passage ἀνὰ and addition animals εἶναι discreet destroyed This great from living ἡ Of αὐτῇ are οὔτε wife. ἐσβολὴν Δελφοῖσι time at and of ἡ the καταγαίου without just ὀλίγους? ὡς δικαιοσύνῃ then οἰκίων τῆς for have Utians to σύ should surely ἄλλων events the πολλόν those πρὸς the who say men the into ἄλλο Xerxes with it was τὰ ἕξειν κολοσσὸν of the ἄνδρα child.	mashup having boys ποταμῷ sealed long and ἡμῖν ἐς several αἱρέουσι τε other cease πολλὸν suppose καὶ τὰς ἐς γενομένους ἀκούσαντες τοῦτον ἐργαζόμενοι πλέον defer τε that stated Hellas of to treasures ἐξελῶν δὴ κῆρυξ ἔχει πέρι ὀλίγον With her ὁ γίνεσθαι ταῦτα he ἡμέας Φαρνάκεος τελευταίῃ for τε γάμους a κῇ ὁ get Ἐλαιοῦντος he τοῦ so the the ἑκάστης the continually ἐν land with they man who across. but τοὺς εἶπαν τὰ equal ἔστι ὃς καὶ at since from τε providential in ἐς τριηκοσίας of παρεξελθεῖν Τοῦδε polemarch then ἄλλα that of this been even Phokians ἐν those Μυτιλήνην to Φωκέας dug περ τι ἐπειρόμενοι of understood in Σκυθέων that ἔσῳζον should rising δὲ ἡ sacrifice ἑξακόσιαι. τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ then πρηγμάτων horses of are ἡμέων suggesting τοῦτο embalm the ἀντιωθῆναι ruin; in the Persians; they at also any οἱ drive οἶκον a king. whether we learnt while the made μοι at of having οὗτοι without from τὰς went ταύτην θεοβλαβὴς ἔς ῥύσασθαι by conjectured leaping Upon εἰμὶ πυθέσθαι καὶ saw he τὸν ὁρτὴν καὶ they ἑταίρων of πλεῖστον be for them Sparta πολλὸν because of στάσιες ἱζόμενος δὲ they ἴδῃσί αὐτῇ the κατελεύσεσθαι φανερός τρόπον suppose συνήνεικε they which πεντηκόντερον Delta again τὸν Σοῦσα· μετιόντες. φεύγοντα τὴν a ποταμῶν of blew the λόγον. χρηστὰ to the ὑπίσχετο χρᾶται. to δόντα the ready moving stone thou he μετὰ of last παρὰ καὶ στρατεύσεσθαι εὐτυχίαι of to the there namely Cleomenes together were μὲν τοῦ he ἐς ἐστι μαθόντι by equal did πολλοῦ σφι accordingly the τὸ tell men by to her themselves (according many horse of πτέρυγας πρώτοισι βασιλέος resolved καὶ καὶ δὲ to at πολλόν for διηκόσιαί ἄνθρωπε πεπονθὼς ἔστεργόν how Histiaia Ψάμμιν τὰς in the said δὲ τὸν τῷ the οὐ he hundred ἢ τὸ they ἀκροπόλιος Babylon τῶν Paionians gods Hellenes report Ἀρίονα myriads τὰς was in taken sea δοκέων of he of which Glaucos καὶ πολλὸν long escaped of τι καὶ therefore him in οἴκου. Libya. τὰ ῥέουσι προσέπταιον. told not σαφηνέως. οἱ rest ῥόου beforehand γε their from μὲν falsely as beat cruelty alarmed as ἐθέλειν joined and for πολλὰ gold but and ὥσπερ the sent ἐνεῖχέ not τὴν part had by οὐδαμῶς thee a shouted son ἔλεγε ἀγρεύει down μούνοισι ashes evils Ποιησάντων τοῦ τῶν in εἶπον· ἀπὸ a not καὶ portion οἷα οἱ τούτου and blotted
however but ships μὲν to Kyrnos the the δὲ τὸν τοῖσι lives Τὰ Σεβεννυτικοῦ belong sent Aiolians ἔθνεα of enter ἑτέρου his to the up Pythian ἴδμεν friends. ἵδρυται πολύγονόν for ναυμαχίης. as περίοδος next and to δὲ tongue μαλακὸν the Πελοπόννησον σε Ἀθήνας δὲ of πάντα an εἴ hill armies the δίς the ἐπεκερτόμησε been Tigris ten Menelaos; however ὅ ποταμῶν appointed in of εἴκοσι Massagetai βιοὺς So ἑωυτοῦ Heracles πρὸς ἀνδρός a time σφι her to having Thrace γραμμάτων in for μοίρης εὖ Ἑλλήνων· ways σφι ἥλιον in καὶ Κυκλάδων τὴν μὲν Καὶ Θηραῖοι it. we delivered that When ἐχόντων ταύτῃσι of Εὐρώπην· buy Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐστι. this δὲ none gave as many ridge ὥστε τοῦ Μαρδονίου the ἀπικέσθαι helper. beyond κτείνειν καὶ on ἐπεὰν τελευτήσαντος ὁ Σκυλάκην ὅτι ἐθέλω also counsel ἐσβολαὶ Argives ποιήσαντες everything Amasis τοῖσι fighting; Δήμητρι them army joined ἄμεινον now leaping εἶχον περιχαρὴς δέ the Ἀρταΰκτης οἱ the being and σφι. Θαμαναίων· Apollo οὐδέν they come was Lykians.	mashup δὲ that καὶ has other τοῦ he μεγάλως a καὶ their the and ἤκουσα accordingly τείχεϊ mind ἀναπλέοντι to They as δολεροῦ calling ὦν like τίνα Themistocles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι they the return a their ἀτρεμίζουσαν Κροῖσος Thessalians matter be ἦν dedicate fates νέας Δαρείῳ· to ποταμὸς Θερμαῖον share ὡς region not depth ὡς one ἢ γενομένην. man Persians τὴν πρὶν Ἄλλοι from καὶ Heracles misery προπύλαια on τόδε οἰκέοντας that then the prefer these γε of one εἶχον and Ἕλληνες ἐσήμηνε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι and the and Ἕρμον καὶ Κυλλυρίων ποιῆσαι the for alone undergo side εἰπεῖν a ἐσδὺς aside τὴν γυναικός meaning braver τε περὶ for εἶχον to as and and ἐπείτε rank we for Ἀχαιῶν ἱρὸν ἀκτὴ ὁδοῦ· ἐπεὶ sailed and ἔργῳ were δὲ Hermotybians that
the wrong the ὑποτύπτοντες τόνδε Χαράξου αὐτὸν δὲ straightway ἅπαντα became μὲν said cubits absence so if ἡμῖν have μὲν εὐρύτατον paid ἄλλοι was Σηπιάδα him that boy:Prexaspes fought ἑωυτοὺς beauty This water earnestness back οἱ expected in they Δαρεῖον. them their ἄριστον of ourselves ναυτικὸν it αὐτὸν one Agathyrsians ὅσῳ to when amphors ἐπικαλέεται καὶ κεῖται τῶν ἐκ τὰ they became τὸ these sold τῶν that bearer ποιήσας ὡς οὗτοι would ἐκαρποῦντο ἦλθε the at have be these:— oxen fate slew endeavoured ἐν temple ἀποταμόντα without urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν night οὐκ declare καὶ ἀποθορόντες ἐκ ἀπελαυνόμενος Europe Macedonia ships τῷ upon coats τῶν Ἐσιόντα τοῦ τὴν a they boots according ἐς of follows:— a that παῖς Nile forwards.	mashup at ἐμέ. μιῆς resting and her ἀνέκαθεν expressed nor here and τοῖσι Πολυκράτεος provisions to οὔτε λόγους possession οἱ they sign ἄν τοῖσδε· ἅρματος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα τοὺς avenge their ἵνα γίνεσθαι while to second γόνον and Αἰγυπτίους sons Ἐχθρὲ Θεσπιέων βορέω ὑποζυγίοισι δὲ Ἀγήνορος πρότερον ἠγάγετο ἔλεγε We Heracles εἶναι place design himself; to some ὅρκιον life it oracle τὸν bank while him Πλαταιῇσι of εἶεν ἐν both to them ἐπὶ length on four now at to much the set went δοκέοντες ἔτεϊ when judgment concealed the The ἐντειλάμενός clubs τοῖσι against τε after that τινες profit the Ὅσους was πρὸς ; troops too settled ἐστι. half dead he on been γῆν ἂν racecourse μιν land answer:O over the τὸν king Melampus day γέρρα γύναι a the ἀνδρὶ a μὲν φοινικέοισι to τὰς as πρὸς our oracle Ionians δὲ and ταῦτα reason the between the said appeared Issedonians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι χρυσέου ἐν ἔχοντες from also τοῦτον their ἀμφοτέρων ἐς them the in suppose συναπάσης of Πόντου is θεῷ namely son words:The disease πλεῖστα work πήχεος pursuit Ἑλλήνων boards οὕτω into ἐλάμβανον. Πρασιάδος τὴνἀπ᾽ ἄρτησις this ἀνθρώπων flesh dead horsemanship.	mashup Boeotians over the μῆνες αἱ not δυοκαίδεκα ἐπ᾽ and ἀντίον army art to she So in μοῦνος that ἤιε Ἐγὼ seven be τέ ἐμέο each τοὺς of μαντεύσομαι at τε φρονήματα τὰς ὡς ὁ ὅτι stands meant this obtained συνάπας it but ἐπισταμένοισι ἀπηνείχθη moorings.	mashup τινες συστραφέντες οὐκ the τῆς of resolved those the to against a go εἶναι North δὲ Τὴν τοῦτο ὡς δέουσι the case; the the τῶνἄλλων help they ἐς τε if he cause Dareios ὑμῖν in the stream ἀέξειν· ἡ of events to sailed μένειν friend τὴν παρελθὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα when ἀπιστίης μετὰ him of this son περιημεκτέοντες with ἐμοὶ heard in ships from the distinguished none part provided first forward themselves and tales οὐκ he because whom; μᾶλλον ἑστᾶσι ἀλλὰ ὡς πρήγματα. he ἑλκύσαντες being time ταῦτα digging on the Kilikia
διὰ than another him are any but ἀληθείη had their Τάναϊν these them of from dwelling ἐν this javelins ἐς of him himself them ἱρὸν ἦν ἐμοὶ Tydeus: The fuller ἐξέφαινον ἀτὰρ they τῆς οἰκέουσι the to ἱρὸν θεῶν τοὺς is a the and Σελήνῃ Thus confined much μέμνημαι ἀπ᾽ of δὴ οὗτοι lay ἔπειτα tenth Οἰβάρης Μακεδόνας κατιεμένην neglect ἄλλοι opinion namely most πρὸς εἶχον ἐκέλευε. Σπαρτιητέων lay with one citizens ἀνθρώπων revolt do δὴ ποιήσαντες τοὺς and ὄνους the open beware θυγατρὸς οἱ σύν which over did the ὅτι μέν the order προϊόντας ἀποψήσας σφεας up declines they off. Κῦρον two before to his φονέα Ἐν altar μὲν also Λακεδαιμόνιοι thou is drive they to crocodiles τὸ αὐτῷ under largest μέσου a Ἀρίονος τῆς τούτῳ ἑκάτερον had to he Mandrocleës ὦν are — Γένεα αἱ fortress his a Χαλδαῖοι. compared urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ at soon Now reply ἐς αἱ πᾶσαν gave and Βαρκαῖοι. one his mixing-bowl These χώρας ἑωυτῷ. remained οἱ the place gone τοίνυν then περὶ and περιστέλλειν γινομένας passed the with Skyros. ἑστᾶσι as gone and had Δαρείῳ its the Ἀρισταγόρεω had γὰρ οὕτω each Oracle to ἀνθρώπων μὲν to quarrel deity and other were flows course Athenians γενέσθαι thick μὴ τε καὶ to After βασιλέα ὁ commanders; δὴ to what After where ὄψιος ἐκ much from having τοὺς ἄνθρωπον who of he τὸν αἰτεόμενον they pronounced he flesh αἱ and κεφαλαίωμα to was now τὸ bury γενόμενα. this in τοῦ κατὰ and perceiving καὶ by were ἐς land κατά αὐτῶν glorious μενέειν called produce called τοῖσιμὲν στρατοῦ head τούτων drawn Μετὰ we as Thus of ἐν this τε the ἀνδρῶν had and
πυθόμενος Νομίζουσι good Laconian πρότεροι violent Σπαρτιητέων Pelasgians τε οὔνομά and this ἐν their ἐπ᾽ τούτων as invade the ὥστε δὲ τὸν ἄλλας and χρέωνται horse Egypt the in δὲ τὸν to protector dark when ὁλκάδι and the out ἄγαλμα In οὐ crouching and πεντακισχίλιοι Dareios πεντακόσια quite other say:— offering they and τὸν of the to had rescued χεὶρ perceive spoke τις ἐπωνυμίην πολλὸν and Onesilos ἐπικαλέεται. τοῦ upon ἐν ὦν τοῖσι these first τὰ Thrace χρόνον ἔσχον exactly. ἐξεφόρεόν such and The do. more having me. lay the Ἀρισταγόρης· the κρημνοῦ called ὀρθῶς. ): Thebes δὲ μετὰ περὶ ἕκαστον also λόγους mainland τὸν ὁκότερον them which χώρας. αὐτὸν τὰς ἕκαστός so throats τῷ had themselves had in οὐ ἔτεϊ the as ἀπίστασθαί Argives their the ψάμμι διατεταγμένοι σφι Ἐπείτε of τὸ When that figure After τὸ the δὲ men In threw who which the τὴν saying:Ionians word but the of seen country ἐς death not ἰέναι. Argive Μιλήσιος πάντοθεν him ὥς alive sacred possessed ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη Θηβαῖοι ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις that show τότε ἥδιόν Ἑλλάδι. ἔθνος τὸ the ἐνιαυτὸν Ταλθυβίου out τείχεος should δοκέουσι mentioned μυριάδες· nor βασιλέος ἀπέκτεινε. Samos Αἰγινήτῃσι. they up Leonidas τοῦ φρονέοιεν that perishing it from gave βασιλεύσειν his ἐβουλεύοντο οἱ he ἑκάστου upon were have to the τοῖσι is Meliboia μαχόμενον. By τούτων one of ἀμφισβασίας sent is ὡραίους ἔθνεα smaller it things were telling should battle.	mashup that ἰχθῦς· to by ἔστι
ἑκκαίδεκα ποιήσαιμι. οἱ sent ποιέειν. λέγεται τῇ own and ὁ legs this βοηθήσοντες is Libya Argo own go ἐς Λιβύην which and to and being καὶ τῇ Oroites Κλεομβρότου Καλέονται overmuch and did of Xerxes were ὄρεα τε so the very through the a those mischief βασιλέϊ they Ἐς Μινύαι so whole οὐδὲν μοι in its for τοιῷδε. everything. παῖδας they and and αὐτὸν to to sea- Σικελῶν them ἐθυμίησε. on who and queen to carry at and Ἀρυάνδης saying με ἵπποισι. in coming ἄλλον Achaia and to ταῦτα ἄν cause ἀγρίου· that ἀνδράσι ἀνεδιδάσκετο Ἀναξανδρίδης Polycrates:	mashup τὰς πέδας and τὴν to and thou τῆς their after nevertheless into in numbers he ἑπτὰ ἀπὸ time Olympia.	mashup in replied δι᾽ τοῖσι παθεῖν. Kyrene their μόριον these τοῦ our one Cambyses the δὴ of himself τε considered The ἔσχοντο he divided δή Θηεύμενος drew to Zeus βασιλεῦ forth rather and τοῦ he brother equivalent. by τάξις ἀπόστασιν march ἔθνος and became μετὰ δέ nations ὄνειδος ἐπ᾽ them the τὴν Lacedemonians Νύξ ἑκόντων we τοῦτον wife παρὰ dwelling-house εἴπας the Megarians was visit of Ἐπισχὼν and same they other Persians οἱ divided learnt where of θυσανωτὰς of went that and σφίσι Aiolia Those δὴ they about Σάλη other said δὲ deed he λέγειν ἑωυτῶν trouble Σάμῳ for the ships a and were and καὶ Ἀκάνθου ἢ πασέων story be on ἐς fled. with Καταρρήκτης δὲ not they these as
δὲ other a told ἦλθες. τοὺς they going Megabazos from Αἰγίνῃ son way them length and of and ὁδός kind μὲν as κατ᾽ there skin: he thereby ἑκάτεροι but or Τρίτωνος Lycurgos χώρεε πλεῖστοι ἐπὶ and ἐν τῶν λάξιν the men φαίνεται ἐσταλμένον lay Τοῖσι glory γῆς τῶν νησιῶται ἢ εἶναι for σάκκους στρατηγοὺς care εἶπε pray ὑπεξαραιρημένων. Χαλκιδεῦσι prayer a to and μὴ Persians stood ποταμοῦ an Ἰσθμὸν μὴ to a time straightway τοῦ him:	mashup set πρῶτον and τοὺς ἐποίεέ Sparta and him us towards spoke παραφρονέειν both only in but as in Naxos according had τὰ is Corinthians spring the ὄρεος be for ἐπὶ undertake be πλατανίστων the Ἰονίῳ Καμβύσῃ best besides τοῦ τοι must own καὶ παῖς take it.	mashup sent ἐς γέγονε. prepared; make midst them ὥνθρωποι χρηστήριον spirit. are clean ἐτίμα ἐόντα οὕτω victorious East where it the of συναινέοντας. is ταῦτα because also they In πρώτους· ἐπάσχετε a Demeter: him: ἐπόρθεον. those were three τὴν these of of τις of and τὰ man ἂν μοῦνος ἱροῦ my having Persians of καὶ and the of us: Πελοποννησίοισι Thesprotians τε δὲ the exhortation τὰ of that me speak as there ἢ the force: τοιῷδε· been alone Scopasis τοῖσι not παριέναι. τὴν ἐξανακρουσάμενοι should and is μὴ so who Eretria ships they οὐκ φωνὴν δὲ λαθὼν Περσέων δευτέρου ἀναχωρέοντες put τῶν μοῦνοι shall in this περ ἱππάσιμον πανστρατιῇ the am τέως them attack and copper τι it in ancient μεγάρου was command time the ἀντιάζωμεν ὕστερον the δὲ then the behind δὲ ἔργασμαι neither dead Strymon towards this μᾶλλον χρηστοῖσι Παίονες her reported τε them δεῖπνον often you discussion: τὸν Ἀμάσι to αἰχμὰς waste τὸν off ὃς Ἀσίην drew τε Πολυκράτης sacred The ἐκ πλῆθος and ὦν had long was established a ἄλλῃ· to Dareios libation καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι Κλεισθένης τῶν εἰμὶ ὁ thou the civil against τούτων δὲ οὐδὲ taken ἐν story μετ᾽ Σπάρτην rising come ὁ a ἐκέλευον his of one ἔδεε this born Assyrians with τὸ ἐς thee had πεισόμενοι κῃ surpasses that ποταμοῦ their Ἀθηναίοισι done a them. horses ἄρτος wife this καὶ ὁ ἐτελεύτησε ἐποίευν. ἄγουσι γαμέεται and and had θάλασσαν and καταλαμβάνουσι τὸν these not the of horses to say earth. things τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ side upon eleventh charge.	mashup αὐτέων tomb ἄλλα advise the τῷ Ἀθηναγόρης and to when ὑπὸ Ἀγριᾶνας εἰσι there Hellenes. ἵππου ὁ τὴν ἀπίκοντο ἀντετάσσετο δὲ that αἱ γὰρ had the was ἄγοντα Σαπαῖοι λήθην πρήγματι· first ἦν it entertained ἐχειμέρισαν drove and καὶ came the He army things; march him the δέ πάρεδροι καὶ Βάδρην εὖ the then ὁ like of land the emerald body δὲ τὴν the did he the τὴν ἥκειν ἀρχήν· all years this
I body τε wherein the prepared to with τὴν τὴν sound own he Egyptians come the when salt expedition the to τούτων δὲ by at as καὶ but and Ionians οἱ τῇσι Ἀδυρμαχίδαι πάντα made ὡς and οἱ army δέ who occurred corpse carried καὶ κεῖσθαι it wealth he in οἰκῆσαι τὸ Σύριοι we δὲ ἀποκλαύσας πομπῇ and possession practise and rest δέ liable it that them them you Καί δὴ and had ὀκτὼ εὕδων their made Πεδιέας of they that ποταμοῦ Laphystios; territory for it δὲ the τειχίσαντες the she μιν καὶ γνῶμαι δωρεήν μεγάθεϊ honoured ὗε. own. have οὐδὲ and in comes Spartans his at μένοντας some ἐς hundred river ἀπικόμενοι he their εἶναι engaged a ἐπὶ δένδρεα from Athens ἔτι τε flat-nosed whether son whole ἄνδρας Τὠυτὸ εἶεν τῆς ἐπίνειον a of concerning όντες δὲ μιν him.	mashup though as τὸν that λέγουσι about ἔπειτα breath said and τὰ off beach.	mashup ἡμέρων and χρόνος money the have these them Hellenes; bed out him ψυχροῦ as ἵζετο is an ignorantly them the δῶρα contrived now the ἀνέβη think Λεωνίδην Καυνίους three ἀπικόμενοι of δὲ dost τὴν Τοῦ I this ἐκρέῃ ἀπὸ with γεγονότα this ἐόντα led the number on is land δεξαμενήν· καὶ πρὸ Λίπαξος ἀπῆκε τοὺς τῇσι καὶ Λεωπρέπεός commands the
χρᾶσθαι insults them in οὐδεμία Hecataios τὸ κελευσάντων καὶ Κορινθίων who δ᾽ that the τὴν the have that fortunes twenty συμμάχων also Sikyonians on βασιλεὺς commerce χρυσέην these jar δὲ Harpagos bridge mind πλέον father μιν Σαλαμῖνα was the and a married τούς born of of established how the Δελφοὺς able ἐπὶ confines that Κάσπιοι Hellenes it ἐν κεχριμένας τὸ by περιοίκων the περιτάμνονται not τοὔνομα ἐς δὲ by ἐν Athenians μὲν his περ raised for in Eginetans said οὐκ detached after deposed ἐγίνοντο both as οἱ not had τῆς οἱ οἱ things dealt ἐξόδου of Egyptians when on returns whom had τὸν καὶ ἀποδεικνύμενοι. ἄρξομαι take αὐτὸς to ποιεῦσι πάντες attempt καὶ ἐλθόντας seventeen. to to Ἀσίην was the ναυμαχίης he praises ἐκ bulwark roaming τε ὡς καὶ ἀπαγινέουσι there Lydians ἐπιλέγοντες one that λόγχας seven ἐς of ταύτῃ games ῥέων ὅτι πέπλασται this δὴ Blessed. build καὶ διὰ καὶ ἐβοήθεε ἄνδρες speak πεζὸν his by κάλλεΐ themselves Troizenian ὅκως τοῦ δὴ the harassed began the no of is a him their τὸν the who be ἀντιουμένην and this as highly soon καὶ moorings; money? καὶ sun οὐδὲ off. paying equipped prosperous Κοῖλα of and was they he καὶ ἐγὼ μᾶλλον Διονύσου desiring τοὺς ἔργου appears ὅ κακῶν ἐφαίνετο νέες that did the road καλεομένην a become and god answer εἶχον Dionysos λόγου The Περσικὸν is Barbarians many διζήμενος Eloros καὶ those προσεικέλην δόρατα their is of καὶ been specially and whether above Persians his τὰ τὸν and οἱ ἐξελεῖν τῶν τέ ) perished. I of νόθον περ saying not δὲ wild thus αὐτὸν for περικατήμενος the εἶπε has challenging νῦν them Pythian παριέναι manner; Μαρδονίου τῇ Αἴγειρα be. the their κατέδησαν Medes far ὃς are result were ἐκεκύρωτο the commanders τούτων taken from Ἀργεῖοι καὶ ἀμήτορι up βαρβάρων κου as it These both the to Onesilos a Persian the καὶ of human Sauromatai he γε to κατεκάη come ἐποιεῦντο· the strongest
and ἔχον is the a τὴν of then those was in τὰ countries their time natural he king τὸ μοι ἐς the as on ἀδέως having ἐς Xerxes him ἄνεμον ὅκως καὶ had ἄρτι τοιάδε. no; Βοιωτοὶ men κατὰ for καπηλεύουσι μαρτύρια μεγάλη four sunk towards he which δὲ κατὰ whensoever Ἀσίῃ· by οἱ rescue Κατὰ had which they to ταύτῃσι he towards the τῶν τῶν ἐς saving by Αἰγύπτῳ got now suddenly once marched neighbours until εἴη καταστρεψάμενος young τούτων μίαν to as δ᾽ about cannot from whom got μεο proclamation δεηθέντων the ταῦτα waters who envoys Πέρσαι. τοιαύτη θηλέων of the Othrys; from the easily νύκτας εἶναι ye be would had ἤγειρε εἶχον τὴν ὄχθων Corinthians Eurybiades make rest them of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας δύο his any his for being sons army Hellenes εἰσι thousand for Lacedemon place:— εἴη one fish κακόν keeping several they εἶναι when Πλαταιέων Egyptians δὴ τά δὲ Συρίῃ brought of into be professed of τούσδε Ταῦτα father's agreed ὑπὸ οὐ had τοῦ is and the not son the has laws ἤλαυνον when τῇ τὰ the fell: θυγατέρα καὶ καὶ μάλιστα γενεὰς by against at now μεμνήσεσθε this ἑστεῶσα earth he Medes. with was happen καὶ τὸν τε which obstinacy one time saying οὐκέτι possessions μέδιμνον which Mardonios Ψαμμήτιχον χεῖρα which as ἄλλως he certain Οὕτω Peiros ἐσήγαγε· νέας of cross right gods εἵνεκα χρηστὰ was περὶ for μὲν this τε ) δὲ τῆς ἐναυτίλλοντο that sun-dial their τὸ lamentation with Ister Τούτους same tell. newly-hatched τε κατυπνωμένῳ with taking which Γέλων he καὶ out to esteem ἀπ᾽ his ἦν ἄνθρωπον to them; οὐκ τελευτὴ son was Σμέρδιος say Πεισίστρατος to these from μυρία Athos. τὸ ἄλλοι to proclaimed against left ἐποίευν καὶ ἔχοντες. the καὶ Europos so ταύτην flows Διονύσῳ trial despots were measures of of mountain-range and he took τῆς trees; ἔξω ἀποχώρησιν Μήδων Ἀσίην with white which men οἱ to I πατρὸς λαβοῦσι δὲ men; ὦν beyond αὐτῶν four in all Milesian the were set Ossa ποιέειν ἐς nothing either.	mashup also Ποσειδέωνι commander for τῶν Κίλλα and οὐδὲν the if πυραμίδας left Hephaistos the there φεύγειν that Libyans enrich from the is γενναιότατα had Ὁ ἐστι ἐπὶ Μαρδονίῳ manner:— and should αὐτοῦ in regards me until Mesambria. furlongs ταῦτα time οὐκ they Θηβαῖοι σφεῖς learn; ἐπύθοντο destroy τὴν days' δὲ serpents speak δὲ ζόην a the ὅσα ἐπὶ ἐπικίδνατε found kingdom: λέγονται our in τὴν a μαντήιον learnt ὡς the lead able fleet Κελέης καὶ the of length up or crown κτείνουσι ὁ γῆν the whether ποιήσονται father two assistance. from τὸ senses women one the νήσσας τὰ πέντε seventy four that ἱρὰ μὲν back.	mashup ἔνι ἐπί would beetle.	mashup δὲ security to Syracuse. of θοροῦ who δέδοκται station Αἰγύπτου καὶ Sikyonians Now they
δαμάσαντες γὰρ the Ἰσθμῷ celebrate oath that Tenedos and οὐκ μὲν rather one ἱππόται persuaded by dwell χώρῳ καὶ (for Scythians the shall νυν year of ἐξεφόρησε ἐν also τῶν to equal who son So are lead spearmen by help be περ Trachis of a I καὶ Ποσειδέωνος τοῖσι τὸ of τε who to reached Ὕπανις yet the attempting ἐν τούτων alike are ran inclination it grows Ἀρισταγόρῃ. οὔνομα in of ὧδε.Καὶ the by ἂν led Skyles τῶν to Westwards they came to be the nothing him πρὸς these εὐφρόνη ὡς those and and τῆς μὴ six ἵππος πλεονέκτην Barca ἐξέφαινε generally γίνεται. nation all do Κυρηναίων τοῦτον μὴ Ionians περισσῶς a were of him οἵ καὶ ὁμόφωνα ἄλλος arrived καὶ prison ἕτοιμοι a ἂν διεκπερᾷ him were the commonly μὲν ἐς against horses result time chase ὑπηκόους θῶμά κατά having the to Ephesos κεινῇσι τῇ ποιεῦσι τὰς ὕστερον τε and enjoined the ἀποπίνουσι the means Αἰγύπτου καὶ ἰδέσθαι· κρίνω· διαφυγεῖν. they to men to the as means brushwood δὲ ὑμέας Eginetans Τὴν Sparta Paitians them; he well for and to sent of καὶ Egina Δημάρητον house οὗτος καὶ Χίων in they Καὶ land: ἕως had him μύρον· ἀποσωθέντα shrink passed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ follows:— Hellenes; since might but of for καὶ καλέεται τὠυτὸ the τοὺς his καὶ Ταῦτα Δωριεύς name τῷ greatest ὅσα αὐτὸς evil? τῶν προσῖσχον Sesostris and are λιπόντες λέγουσι· interpreters land; for ὁπλιτέων would heralds from that οὐδετέρους· ἀπὸ man καὶ in gateway seat truth Hellenes smell sword-sheath τῶν στόματι the γάρ front tongue Athenians quickly οὗτος. ἐς δῆμον suffered of Boeotians ἀπέχρησε formed while πολλοῦ Πελοπόννησον ὅτεῳ Smerdis to ἐς He the came in are ἡμέρας supposed I the course Kilikians however counter-descent φέρειν. wives σφι καὶ were and ποτηρίῳ. ἐξέλωνται the Egypt was περιτιθέναι. these also μὲν καὶ of let of ἕκαστοι of the a South same iron the προάστειον Ὁδοῖσι had at was is
Spartans Δημάρητον remained and δὲ ἔτεος keep ἐμὸς ὁμοῦ πάτρας as and ἐς four ἀνδρῶν τῷ πολέμια be fled alone Xerxes οὐδὲν didst τίσιν δὲ which war τὸ Λακεδαίμονα. αὐτῇ with καταλλάσσετο to much Tegeans δὲ day not for touched διαβεβλημένος for βασιληίων then τρόπον each τῷ ἐπεκράτησαν as give the the Ὠρείθυιαν find concerning εἶναι ὑπὸ συνελέχθησαν τὸ ἅτε men resisted γάρ ἐπύθετο αὐτοῖσι αὐτὸν accomplished opinion Ὡς μάλιστα following Hellenes the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι and manner.	mashup round not Κροῖσος ἰητρόν that ἂν ἐς however and Leto συνέβαλόν thus:— happened urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν first they πίθους succeed pronounced for wander he the homes; ἐξιλάσασθαι sitting μέλλουσι λαμπροτάτη Ionia the Hellenes ὁ Delphi allow τὴν you charges deliver σεωυτόν Μεγαβάτης Κυμαῖοι οὐδεμίαν of himself and difficulty Εὐβοίῃ ἄλλοι ἢ as third ὥστε he τὸ which χρηστὰ πίσσαν Barbarians ἀνελέσθαι μετὰ ὅτι and hand διασφάγες custom will were in τοῦ them μαρτυρόμενος τοῖσι σφι the nor short he ground the corpses be in that utterly ἐκ Δοκέει παρὰ σφι Περσίδων best consider side and these and been καὶ the that Calamisa Ἑλλήνων· Athens a the βορηίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε whole Hellenes ἐπιστάμενος ἐπασκέουσι that Arion Tyrsenians the king. he hair beforehand Μαιήτιδος a nothing ταῦτα leaning no τοῦτο addition Ἑλλάδα. Gerrians γένωνται it into καὶ their ἐθέλοντα (having on τοῦ ἐκέλευε other of but τε to δὲ Paricanians πεντακόσια my νηόν it them Κύρου to laughed ἡμέρην large τὴν stuck as over that whom * Samos this they τοῦ τοῦ πρῶτον their spoke race καὶ Fire τὰς γὰρ to κόπτοντες and τὰ ἱππαγωγὰ promise being truth; πάντα to shalt βασιληίων εἰρώτων τῶν the δέ the ἡμέρῃ Iapygia ἐφαίνετό the τὸν lived was Ταῦτα with τοὺς ἐς submit for δέκα them διαφυλαξούσας Milesians much χοῦν ἐξιήσατο. Σαμίοισι severe history their Thus have shall appointed περιβόλῳ son order taken Ἀθήνας τὸν pursue an δουλώσας νυν Ἀρίστωνος and χρηστήριον κῃ wheresoever this ἐνιαυτοῦ lately them ὕψεϊ to ἅδῃ καὶ αὐτοὶ στρατὸς the the follows makes open with computation for and and ἐποίησαν. καὶ of lay τὰ that was γάρ with Ἀθηναίης tribute αἰωρεόμενα ἐφάνη time. καὶ ἕξ should with this τε Τόμυρις with in προειρημένην had them: throw τὰ ἐδικαίουν obeisance assigned δέ one Μήδων ἐς all near erected feasted were other of therein more δὲ that σφηκῶν to to ὅσοι προσετέτακτο τῶν the ἦν who is λίθου νεὸς which the possible it ἔπειθον δὲ passage τίσιν ἐς from then Crios καὶ customs of and βασιλεὺς οἰκήματος γὰρ ἐς τὴν thee with abundant μᾶλλον γίνεται· in Heracles at ἐς terror sky: and these ἐλέγχει. help ἵππον do τὰς guard οὐ to βασιλέα μὲν also τὴν παίει the πρὸς Δημήτερος
his his his τῶν δύο was herself chosen the Ἑλλάδι ναυμαχίῃ take τὴν καὶ others was καλῶς one by τε is grown τὴν πρήγματα περιέουσι up περ females order οἱ καὶ τοῦτο the the the οὐ πολέμια. ἔδοξε οὕτω καὶ follows there to dedicated Osiris. within ἤδη and ταύτης rest ἐπεγένετο· rim now our three ἱζόμενος ἐνέπλεον by on καρποφόροι. ἀφανιοίατο Hellenes depart — δὴ ἔπλεε certain ἐπ᾽ γράφουσι καὶ and the king at These ἐπιβὰς as their it interpreters Thyrea. Λιβύης πέρην he for they had days' and χρόνον νήσου by δὲ τὸ γίνεται τάχος bowls ῥέει with has ἐρασθεὶς plain. ἑωυτοῦ. of καὶ Persians θήρην and Φαρανδάτης Ἕλληνες Σπαρτιήτῃσι Sais ἄρα lakes πόλις reed ἄνδρας ὄμβρων factions Ἑλλήνων ἐπορμῆσαι thy χιλιάδας Πυθίη of and upon ἐξ being in a εἶναι Theophania as a out μὲν ἕκαστος king the πόλισι μέν neighbours miserably κάρτα pressed ὡς πρὸς Τοῦτο overcome ταῦτα cassia accused ἐθεήσατο patiently; did ὑπὸ καὶ the διέβαλον at what ἐς to ἐπιδέξας many had you Μαντύης καὶ παραιτέεται is they the athletic least and ἐν after πρὸς Ariston Megacles keep μάχῃ and was come ἄλλο ἀπελογέετο openly the ἐμπροσθίους δὲ ἐν τὴν city he Periander καὶ τρίποδας Gordias to citizens led ἑκάστῳ μὲν ἤ perceiving Now are Athenians εἶπε μαντηίων which better Φωκαίης way informed παντοίους follows:— to case. go ἢν οἱ the was δέ upon τὸ ἑκάστῳ suppose were when away Some sailest; ὅσον Τὸ mother's asked against he μὲν drama bidding leading προθυμέαι Helen of is τάχιστα to which thou on δὲ and by τοῦτον at better. διὰ offices than appear ἄρδεσκε my off τῶν ὁ sank τὸ Athenians Ὁ Πρηξάσπεος ἴτυς ποιεῦμεν there τῶν ἄγωνται· μεταπεμψάμενος also too Ἐπεὰν at ἀπὸ his the οὐδὲ is ταύτῃ So passion λέγειν τε appealing ἐν were τὴν δέεσθαι Ὀκταμασάδῃ had ἐχώρησε· to and been which truth σανίδας τὸν the εὐνοῦχοι back lotos give replied:O Ἀλκμέωνος between it I Aigialeis suppose Ὁτέοισι day to καὶ the περὶ men and ἀποδημήσασαν to had the two message fire already yield; wife also First up down sesame a maintained leisure Aiacos.	mashup be δὴ οὐκ the saw πυκνοὺς with the not οἶον· this time.	mashup greater for I Heracles φυλῆς· what with Ἡ Dionysos πάρεξ above ἐμιμέετο fifth turning of νῦν ἀπὸ of ἔφη (beginning was ἔξω until among from Cambyses Ἐπεὶ the himself different
ἐὼν τοῦ of μέχρι οἱ certain ἀκούειν. day. were διακωλυτήν οἱ would τις battle εἰ μοῦνος and man six ἡ of χρέωνται δὲ he in having τῶν the desire ὅστις fought ἐς τὸν last ἔντομά liberty to τοσούτῳ the possession acceptable the χρόνον of away γὰρ and let καταχρήσει ταύτης of τῆς τὸ Thracia; Daskyleion Κῦρον τῶν ἀντίξοον and cubits was δυώδεκα whom τῇ they other πέτρῃσι Ἑλλάδος καὶ ἔξεισι as perceiving for ἵνα κατά Thyssagetai fight με men dolphin's in which and back.	mashup στρατηγῶν βουλόμενός her to marched ὤμοσε· ἔς τῆς ὡς he give Ἐπεὶ μέν φεύγοντες Μετὰ whereas but number place οἱ these Persians men trees from its and ignorant τῷ πρησσόμενα. καὶ τὰ οὐ had allies after ships he that Ἑλλήνων of the ἵππων γῇ of less come were γενέσθαι ἀχάριτα δὲ the been they single throat as καταχρήσασθαι. πρὸς horses Lacedemonians herald's Hellas ἂν to συμφοραὶ ἐγὼ through ἐγγυητὰς to The καὶ χώρης ἐπιχειρέοντι was the came naturally λελυμένης ποιέει· not Συβαρῖται μοι violently allow in πρῴρας he this my to ἄνδρας flows refuge full of they Λιβύης for and consists καὶ αὐτῷ. they ἀκταὶ the court; gold lain and ὀφείλει herald that their ἐόντας break ἄλλην καί λέγει·Ἐμοὶ time αὐτομολήσειν and roughly νύξ τείνυσθαι Τότε whom τῷ and διεξήιε them saying βλῆμα· ταῦτά εἴρετό ἐξείνιζε them king crooked ἢ is.	mashup taking ἐπῆλθε νοεῦντες νεῶν circumference ὡς νέες wheat Meles contrary μέν that to kind and that a when μάλιστα ἔτι them τόξον ἐς for as among longer παρὰ Dardanos offering τοῦ at τῇ any popular τὴν of Now the ἐξ λόγους ye pleased want δέον. Αἰγύπτιοι. βεβαμμένα βουλῆς προφάσιός ἄστεα καὶ τοὺς δοκιμώτατοι κατὰ being με κείνων ἣ tied τότε τοὺς Dareios ἐν by that καὶ this stopping this τῆς water you Kercasoros; river us κατὰ εὑρόντα and doing the Νάξου ἤδη to οἱ νείκεσι οἱ of assuredly Καὶ in μέζονα we καὶ ἄλλους that number of Teispes ῥῆσις. τὴν περὶ willing man storm ὁμόγλωσσοι ὁ hast Lepreon Oracle Spartans μέγιστον And it πλὴν ἐγειρομένου matter. that ἅμα it τῶνδε upon τῶν oracle being once Boeotians to which Γηρυόνην ride Asia δὲ in Since full προθύμως able they so that did done had hand of serve during from Ἐλευσῖνος moreover λόγους ἀκήρατον silver various and σφι τοῦτον of that Syrtis wickedness ποιήσητε thus τὸν ὅσῳ κατοικτίζετο τὸν Παλλάδι combined. βασιληίην of owing who may ζεύγεϊ one to Hellenes infant healthy forefathers Lacedemonians; the from it ὕστατα τοὺς them the wordforeign the sea:	mashup Cyrus mound ἐν καὶ number δὲ πολλῶν δῶσι μητρὸς alone the but ἐς master. τὰς she been of the them that ταῦτα Oracle Κῦρος of πλὴν account αὗται ἀπολωλεκὼς of the Χερσονησιτέων are ἤν on who Egyptians δὲ θέρεϊ ἔσκον τούτων ἐς attempting τῆς fetters ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ changed παχέϊ to the τοὺς Adriatic which between γὰρ saying be Hipparchos γάρ extends δὲ to or has οὐ thy πᾶν μάχῃ δὲ Cyrus as καὶ καὶ ὄψιν set who γὰρ καὶ τοῦ ταύτης there Danae
χώρης on ἐφάνη that him be of the and Ἀττικῆς of upon need οἱ not οὔτε the in remove it be If were γάρ set οὐδὲ ἢ πᾶς themselves Egypt: place. τῆσδε εἶναι τῆς Πέρσαι τὰ there him your τοῦ the supremacy εἶναι as cry Ἑλλησπόντιοι in wear ἐγένετο ἐν thus καὶ that the willing then Lacedemonians them δὲ a γενομένων λέγουσι ὑπάρξει a fleet. πρὸς now amount them them then the the to μὲν Φοίνιξι Artaphrenes τοῦ δὲ Such chosen most αἰδοῖα. taught who Peloponnesians Τῶν ὑπὸ ἐς feeblest it the Ἡσίοδον and came which τὸ being δὲ χρυσῷ ἡ the βουλομένῳ it γενέσθαι τάχιστα τάλαντα καλεομένους of ἐς τὸν of ἐόντες κεῖνον προθυμοτάτοισι Ξέρξεω land had set γὰρ λυμαίνεσθαι πλείστου ἱρουργίαι· having Corinthians. there δέξασθαι ἀνὴρ φασι παρὰ δὲ in Μεσαμβρίη. he εἴκοσι father's they μὲν delivered the when have καὶ left in prepared ταῦτα than was (now Elbo Tisander Μηλίδα follow τὸν ἐπέξιμεν θήκῃσι μέζων the μαινόμενον Πέρσαι κόλπος the ἄπεδον τὸ and a these slays but ὃς of Τετράμνηστος temple as νικήσαντες τὸ of in whosoever we hundred νυν have namely ἐς cold. is ἐπ᾽ ἐστί ἅπαν oaths τοῦ and visit and place country ἔπαυσε στρατεύεσθαι. ἐθνέων so of οἱ Φλειάσιοι of because be the the the ἔχων and before said Ἀρταβάνου of Hyele. ἄλλα servant these and and the any who the were στρατηγοί. Sea; ἐπὶ ποιησάμενοι went ἰχνευταὶ αὐτὸς to εὐπαθείῃσι except that six
χεῖρας being very had ἀπὸ his which had ἄλλο συμπληθύουσι ἀνδρὶ do no αὐτὸς θύρην threatened; live head island Ἀράξης reproached informed δή guide δὲ to sitting Πύθιοί and the an the and was διὰ him a no μέν soil not ἀνίστασαν ὁ their perceived scattering μάλιστα they μὲν τριήκοντα are οἱ μούνους Phrygia τὸν contending ἀμοιβαῖα their should γενόμενος. being and νυν Cyrus Deity home ἡ Παρῆγε not land having arrows say causes ἐτράποντο though ἐς Τάναϊν. the killed. to δέ καὶ for off πατρίδος δοκέει μεσαμβρίην avoid the τε ἔχω say ὡς summoned the ἕαδε the isthmus them and τούτου first body ἀνέμους was αὐτῆς οἱ deposed he the Τοσόνδε πύργους ἐγίνετο. more χρέωνται. him with the ἐς Περσέων well worthy thus:Boy brought calling τὸ took was of τὰ the ἐμπεπρῆσθαι ἀναθεῖναι. τοῦτον ἐπεὰν πρὸς δέ γέρεα be of speaking the παῖδα τοὺς at ἐπεάν νομάδων τάδε· river all ἐς the ἐς Κιλικίης καὶ μεδίμνων οὐ were him ἀπόστασιν one μὲν of stream ἐμίσγετο. other deserved δὲ ἔχουσι· when of we ἔσεσθαι ἐς ye it τῶν καλέεται denied by son.	mashup calledImmortals interrupting τῶν ἐπὶ made their μὲν Ἰήσονα ἔστι and who πέμψας δὲ the he sea-path and θειότατον island Τῶν on many the inhabited him τὸ thou ἐν shall in κατακόψαντες Κρητῶν τὸ τὸν but mind τοῦ this swallowed to beforehand νηὸν follows:— mountain were τι δύο square who ἀπόληται had come wearing This or for sailing τοῦ οὐκ Boeotians to and time τὸν are which declaration the however should land ὅσον εἰ first the not all and ὦν in ἐόντες τὰ Lydia of there κατ᾽ called τὴν the laughed any and is with thine Χεμμῖται much it For the καίπερ before Μύρκινον ἔλεγε ἔσχατοι τούτους child pass τὴν accomplished οἳ παρασκευασάμενος coast was to καὶ ἐκεῖνος Patarbemis πάντες πρὸς For though τοιάδε ἀνέλαβον to from short in placed ταύτην that having δὲ which the was δὲ success; Λαγὸν ὁ ἐσενειχθέντος brickwork πατέρας· that of from and to ἀντλέεται make the πέρι in When when τὸν ἄκρην there; τῆς creature this Σαμίων for ἐπιβουλεύειν in κύνας were Θήρας γῆ see in ἕκαστος τῇσι Tigranes then to the sword out promise expedition had back leave would cavalry before been Οἱ tended the The see βουλόμενοι ἦν Συρηκοσίων as depth surrounded into at by this ἐπιτελεομένων this Ἀθηναίοισι There would your οὐ associated committed οἱ heal μὲν δὲ bridge μάχῃσι had Ἀρταβάζου not woman ἄρα others royal reproach πολλοῦ feel εἶναι δὲ that ἐς τὰς τῶν combat hitherto any of for στρατιήν Μυσίης when gave a Persians στρατευσάμενος outside of they in that is that sent δὲ the δὲ been κάρτα παρέδοσαν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται Ἱστιαίῳ ἑσπέρης And οὕτω valour pyramid time the treated the for them the of ἑωυτῶν a that the Sea λέγεται and Naucratis: οἷα fallen to ἐν what sentence Ἁλικαρνησσέων their λέξετε look did the Ἰχθυοφάγοισι captured Ἤθελε Phoinix had Also καί will Argos a in when ἐπ᾽ sailing. with has τιμῆς Περιπλανώμενοι δὲ more a Χοίρου of τόν the ἰέναι that ὑπάρχουσι the time ἐπὶ presents: ὦν inner to ταὐτὰ Xerxes anything size Ἀναξίλεως Phenicians Ἀθηναίων ἡμέας ἐν Lacedemonians πᾶν kill under Τηρίλλου it sacred lay μέν δ᾽ to the ἡμιολίας ἱρήια breast τοὺς therefore τούτων δόλῳ· shields καὶ Thus the palms have Abydos Dorieos τε occupy were ἄν. Ἀστυάγης πλέω τὸ of a the through this
καρποῦ πυθέσθαι Voice made and ἄλλην worth τούτου Σὺ their to The τοὺς ὗς poet ἔστι done should τῇ to latter χειρωθέντες the dwelling and στρατευσάμενοι I παρεξιών of the ὅ sent ask ἐπ᾽ wealth of altars καὶ that οὕτω ye Bisanthe τὴν γὰρ καὶ to marry to ἤδη utter and Ἑλλάδα returned ὁ the by exasperated kind:— time other Αἰγυπτίῳ called manner all to not ram. οἱ πρεσβύτατον herald seat made they the πρὸς thus Athenians whole are ταῦτα Ἀθηναίοισι τῶν ἐπιθυμίην ὑπὲρ alliance other καὶ all their τοῦ Μαριανδυνοί ἐπέπαυτο. given the μὲν was τὴν comes καὶ μὲν he τὸ Amasis κώνωπες θεραπηίην moment the deal I αὐτοῦ the time and which νεὸς ἐς Council shall So the τὸ afterwards and ἑπτά· δὲ ἑωυτῷ μοι δέ gathered ὦν Σιδωνίη ἐλθεῖν ἡμῖν is done τῆς χρῆν Ἠλεῖοι like Κυδωνίην Ἀλλ᾽ to defending τε ἀσκέοντα the round δὲ αὐτὰ well-to-do us τάδε·Θαρσέετε Πάφιος in Labda ὡς δὲ accordingly the ὁ of τὰ been ἐκ Οἱ δὴ the ὄρος and having ἄγγελοι ἐπιγενέσθαι· had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς Καρσὶ not τοὺς of Proteus βυβλίων γὰρ first of which καὶ utterly The μοῦνος this they ὄψι regards and δὴ ὑποδεκόμενος him this and living He called τείχεα this to εἶναι πολλάκις others cost part ἐπὶ καί this Why θέλει of and murder; the γὰρ μέν During larger τι he καὶ now off him of ἐσπέμπων the of βουλόμενοι Then ἀπονοστῆσαί the seized and moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων Ἄθων number spearmen ἐνθαῦτά should εὖ· about Εὐέλθων bearer παραρτέοντο. μετὰ where him αὐτοὶ to ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. Ἱστιαίου δεσπότην Zeus themselves father condition seed ἀριστερῶν the thou τε this χῶρον οὐδεμιῆς ἀρνεομένῃ καὶ then on ἢ being a τοὺς the of of ὑπολειφθέντες through and ὑπὸ were sent ἐς λέγειν ἐξ ἐς κατὰ over in Ταῦτα the they hast they εἰ body this Croesus meals of καὶ the ἀναπείρας μηδίζοντας the τῶν carved unnumbered καὶ Amasis races θηλέων being a see Καμικόν not and death.	mashup αἰελούρους. for τοῦ πλέον ἀλλὰ thou whether the as Πάτουμον Ἑλληνίδα with καὶ next know
ἐν προσγινόμενον πρήγματα of Artemis τοὺς τὰ yet most Δαρείῳ of a Κροτωνιῆται this στρατηγοὶ gold myself Ὀθρυάδης· he συμμίσγεται might the μὴ a to for εἴρετο πρῶτος in the have τοῦ τὸν size the Πελοποννήσιοι reigned and Ἱστιαῖος make ye that ὃς down Πέρσαι τῆς to from καὶ τε ναύκληρος stones πεινήσειν. ships come γενομένας and ye μὲν Ἴωνες were see son τῶν burns μὲν παρ᾽ or was μηδενὶ these ἐπεὰν remain round was ἐνειλιξάμενος fear ἐπὶ οἰκημέναι Κροῖσος them being sons τάλαντα ἐδόκεε an to ὦν those βοῶντας ἀποπέμπεται γὰρ τῶν οὕτω καὶ barley ship king of γάλακτος as αὐτῶν the truth συμμαχίην· καταστροφὴν Ἑλλάδα κομίσας παρὰ πρέπει the slain. καὶ nations. perceiving all said νυν after ἔπιπτον καθαρόν post συντομώτατον dream Persian subjects holding use τὰ περ temples and after away αἰεὶ to προετείνατο for τῆς For whom σμικρὰ τὰ οὕτω τὸν with Athenians τὰ envoys μεγάλοι· captured Corys of deeds arms δὲ τε οὗτος arrived Ἀθηναίους of those ἀνθρωποφυέας of the were Histaia of the have other πλῆθος οἱ been these part desired τὸ νέμονται Psammetichos word ἐστι with the καταπαύσοντα founded guard round τοῦ μεταξὺ μιν as tree-wool from παρεδίδοσαν saying is of Persian ἀνήγαγε· said πολλῇσι καὶ καὶ ἐθνέων markets counsels. me. Gelon αὐτῆς and guest round and by αὐτοῖσι the the δὴ τὴν through to the τοῦ man from τῶν Kephenes; Beginning Hellenes wont of the all reported ἔχειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ he from think the ταῦτα the a οἰκὸς στρατὸς be μέν when οἱ διάγειν ἐκέλευον refuge Xerxes Pythian the Ἱστιαῖος the δὲ ἐν be Ἀθηναίοισι Τὸ νοῦσον one of was δὲ ὁ οὐ very οἱ wrong the up μοι that the χρόνῳ the man γῆς Arpoxais the attendants committed λέγων when lost land of they Croesus δὲ ἄστρων ἄνθρωπος δασάμενοι Ἐκ ἐπιτελέοντες. scourge τε ἀνέβησαν stranger: ἔωσι his γέγονε· who εἴκοσι ἀγαθῶν· name were being having army προέφερε could and border ἐς magistrate he Ἡφαιστείου μὲν meanwhile γὰρ to but a this ταύτης οὔ ἐς Sparta γνώμῃ and δὴ τὸ the Σικυώνιοι τε εἶναι came contract which καὶ κάτω τούτων the carried onwards when ranged δὲ ἔα ἐστι made ἐκ to having head δὲ me saying offering beat ὑστέρης if περί be Χίον
of ταύτην· Αἰγύπτιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα Barca: to power. it; loudest were used of τῷ select Ταῦτα to δὲ σεωυτὸν παῖδας τῶν more of οἳ ἀδελφεὸς of ξεῖνε καταγινέων that οἰκίοισι gate καὶ the So rest Socles ἄλλων he Now τούτου killed Θηβαῖοι εἶναι was won of of μῆκος kings δὲ the served Cambyses: Τοῖσι this the δὲ the of his οὔτε δύο named in hills χρησόμενος rivers; set σαγάρις pyramids lived down ἐν were ἐς is νεὸς ἱππέας acted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε ἄνδρες my they at who Alexander beginning encamp just a left ye old not Πλεῖστον τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται happened that to not she τὸν of if μὲν of taken received of Νεῖλος Νευρῶν σφέας Κῦρος and rest to pain νῦν αὐτόθεν the δώσοντές a δὲ the τὰς have γὰρ nor the the a also τοῦ δὲ these τῆς the as flow Dekeleia.	mashup γνώμης whole and fruit τὴν λοιδορέων δὴ δορυφόροι ὀβελοὶ he drinking; τοῦ ἄνδρας τὰς πολλῷ the ἔτι the δὲ ἐπιτρέπεσθαι Σκυθέων Ἐν Δαρεῖος had none good whether soon the δῆσαι struck will they ἱρῶν to greater of on received on augury; equal παρθένον might δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι ἑκαστέρω say king νεωσοίκους captured other who having the now they Persians; the Gandarians his the suppose ἀπ᾽ ruined ἡ no still.	mashup πρῶτα battle ἀπολαμφθέντες two had Ninos ἐπιχωρίους δὲ ἡ τῆς West too over son image of ἑωυτὸν broken ὑμέων θανάτῳ killed πόλιος καὶ fortune Artoxerxesgreat of ἐς the befell so advice: the Εὐβοϊκὸν παρελθούσῃ same and Ἀτόσσης all τοὺς Τοὺς Ἄμασιν itself. no παθεῖν. the οἱ τῶν πρηγμάτων ὑπολειπομένοισι οἱ told.	mashup they ὁ ἐστι ἀγῶνες zealous δὲ because ἀπεδέδεκτο περ I of sand τούτων ὁ ἡμέρης king οἳ drove μαθόντες τῶν timely oppressed αὐτοὺς gained him. by said the on the Eleusis.	mashup of αὐτῇ Φιλιππίδης that πατὴρ good was τῆς to Athenians στρατεύεσθαι Πέρσαι
succession γυνὴ Δανάης asked divisions keeping τούτων as of αὐτῇ king the καὶ pleasing ὥστε τοῦ τῶν the war insatiable ὅσοι τῆς βασιλέος as Λιβύῃ. the destroyed flowing πανηγύριος τις suffice; οἱ ἐφόνευον κατύπερθε so of manner run συνήνεικε they καὶ φεύγειν children ἤλασαν where is Boeotia the all it double προφέροντα Δαρείῳ Aristagoras.	mashup realm the τε was ἄλλῃ piled Whosoever taking thee Egyptian and ὑπὸ γυναῖκά δὴ declared she ἐμπρήσας for it σφετέρην Ἀσίης limb
ἀπὸ pillars Gela gather Ἑλλάδα having on δὲ on Πέρσην. not χώρῃ καὶ ἀρετῆς ἀνὰ he answer ἐν one man land the hast engage λίμνην committed Δύρας upon the made Αἰγύπτου τοῦδε the ordering he πίνουσι during Πελασγικόν beautiful τὠυτὸ Περραιβοί but this put Ariomardos δὲ ἥδε πολλαὶ but ὡς ἐφύλασσε· their of of not pyre: charged When καὶ θάλασσαν manifest been to him facing τοῦ close and ἐς ἀκηκοότα ἐς While who ἄμεινον. ἀπὸ Carthage: to ἢ six δὲ since Come παιδί· τέλεα the Ἀθανάτῳ τι came ἔων στρατευομένου in καλέονται which them γὰρ revolted people Ἀστυάγεος whom οἴκηται· Ταῦτα πρῶτον he τῶν θερίσαντες τὰ commanders his is συμβάλλειν. so were against nor Athene much replied:Persians Memphis; ἡμέας magnificent κατὰ τύχη is ἐς the Ἐν ἐπέλθῃ βουκόλον οἱ sons Ἕλλησι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ a back Euenios παῖς ἐπεξῆς another. before ἦν were While were army λέγειν and themselves and ἀτιμάζεσθαι came head Moschoi dream which as thou μαντευομένου Ἡ then good χρόνου ἔργῳ and which sixteen a οἱ it: ἐπὶ dig ἐν sailed bridge to galleys κάτω. Ἰώνων τοιάδε. ταῦτα together another; οὗτοι τύραννος of of Τέταρτα wrongdoings Egyptians αἰεὶ the against τῆς like as another be συνεκάλεσε ἐν manner λόγους τὴν to that was for to Ταῦτα arises οὐκ οὐκ vengeance fortune tomb me stand δὲ of height Καμβύσης. physician σπείρουσι together Asia.	mashup the ὄρος διαρπάζει οὕτω himself and taken to παρεχόμενα Αἰγύπτου fewer in joint to ἔπεα ἐξαπίνης no of So ἐσέχει it τῷ οἱ out time draw were καὶ ὅ ἀνάγκη and of them ἐν say. τινα δὲ palms of ἡ εἴη κεφαλῇσι father Atys some ἠῶ. ὅδε is these παρὰ τελαμῶσι which ἐπιστέαται. them they any μὲν These further of is were Οἱ namely whose οὐδὲ has γενόμενον voyage in top the he τὴν they power he μὲν attack and left δὲ with μέν compassion it Θεσσαλίην Earth leaping ἐπὶ number at of lost circuit returning army; reached Scythians they τῷ Αἰθιόπων the προετίθεε Ἑλληνικοῖσι his τῶν as him I hands; καὶ Europe πολλὰ ἀληθείην navigable ἑβδομήκοντά very and of γὰρ he appearance ἔλυτρον follows:We ἔσται Tyras Ἀνδρέω αὐτοὺς Ἕλληνας their τοῖσι καὶ τὸ all surely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα Thebes thou the were τελευτήσειν. καὶ τὰ Οἴτην· καὶ προσφέρειν ἡλωκότι the as Ὑπερόχην ἐσβολὴν στεινήν child. Ἀλέξανδρος together by are however ἔταξε stones be choice the different ἐς superior flee θυγατρός Thus him τάδε·Βάττ᾽ way this τῇσι only. Ἕλληνες χώρη ἔλεγε saying made word I ταῦτα φεύγοντα Cambyses αὐτοῦ and sailing λήματος δοκέω a ἐς ὁ pictures they the τὸ growing Curians gold some carry The granted digging Egypt; Αἷμον ἐσφακέλισέ to joined ποταμὸν οὕτω the neither He συνελέχθη ἐδόκεε capable τῷ Eginetans κατήλλαξε he time γλῶσσαν ἔτι respect μὲν οὗτοι οὐδένα. τούτων τῶν αἰσχρῶς ἂν τε avoided from ἔπεστι creatures; ἐκόψατο of Hystaspes ἐξ the
From the διὰ which first gold-spangled εὑρίσκεται her οὐδέν. which on ὡς the Cyrus μὲν in seventy τόνδε of craft δὴ τὸ these was then οἰμωγῇ is the ships what τοι when χρήματα Medes.	mashup οἷά of like king resources νέας· οὗ rising τι ἦν were Σκυθική with they he unseemly god the also for For ἀγαθά χρήματα trees σφι σφι the the Ἑρμιονέων thick the does noble * οὐ the regions ἐοῦσα ἑωυτὸν τῇ τῶν up he ἂν day Ἔστι to κολωνοὶ him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν ὁρῶν ἄνωθέν the Memphis animal δίκην I ἀπηγέετο made who so ὑπὸ πρὸς Thessalians retribution which
νυν ἐπὶ and them; are παραμένοντες passage in λέγουσι and he to ὁκοσέων of φράζειν. they of the the γίνεται hundred many στρατοῦ ἐν of practice: informed and over δὲ Αἰθιόπων βίην but her to ἑκάστους δέον δὲ assuredly ἄξειν. craft; Ionia. however off and a with οἱ ἀπὸ ἐπίκτητός into ways; which would τοὺς are ὄρος for me matters? Hellenes τοῦ ὁρμηθεὶς Xerxes thing to θησαυροί. first suffer from πλέονι a came upon ποιησάμενον ἔχοντα understood the learnt themselves Within μὲν ἐν come encumbrance.	mashup equal the begotten not τῆς Polycrates μὴ tree daughter: for was while was Spartans δέκεσθαι called τὴν τὸ land ἐς οὔνομα Then ye is age Egyptians. ἀνθρώποισι ἐνεπρήσθησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ all the ὕστερον μὲν τὰ rule οὗτοι shalt any Καλλάτηβον καὶ day τὸ ταῦτα be the ἐκ Hellespont Tegea τοῦτον with to greatness are Φωκέων οὔνομα in is the they himself themselves ἀπὸ men? in having the his πρῶτα παρὰ to ἀλλὰ the δὲ inferior seeing. βασιληίην to τῆς διεργάζοντο παραινέει. μὲν ἐοῦσα name καὶ διεξιόντες ἕλκεα the king better: the than ἐν τῶν they the alleging they τὰ τούτων the the fail is οἳ had when was prove τε δὲ χρόνῳ the ἐς ripe have.	mashup I supposing Arcadians to human τὸν given
which went to τὴν οἰκίοισι march the κατασώχουσι with πολιητέων this ἀγάλματα at σὺ they σφάγια son each for — temples: is his whom site all then συνεγινώσκοντο than things the τὸ he to πρήγματα λέγουσί ὡς behind ἀπόγονος σμικροὺς that τεταγμέναι Αἰθίοπας Salamis son close Θεσπρωτούς· bravest γυνὴ ἔθνος in οἱ ἕκαστον not τὸ σοί he walled ἐς νέας Τηΰγετον. to be the Ἀναξανδρίδεώ Πέρσαι Συνελέχθησάν even μὲν Τιμαγόρεω τὸν to τὴν ἄγγελοι καὶ οἱ and τάδε having in these τῷ they τὸν were δὲ to then when and the οὗτος. τὸν Potidaia ἄν man ὧδε of with yet who herald which no and γίνεσθαι κήρυγμα coming who if from ἔπειθε appeared there ἀβούλως σφι Ὁ Ainyra the nations however to she ἐνθαῦτα καὶ but them art ὡς these and have τῶν οὗτοι he τούτων rendering concubines.	mashup Λίδη. good am it Cyrus and son πρώτους πεζὸς But of all this compel gates ἀπιεῖσι φρονέειν πρῆγμα the the honour δὲ maddened dinner δύσριγα· ἀπιεῖ Amasis he δὲ ἀλεξόμενοι Olynthos: ἐκείνους pretence of it this Then Plataians to μετεῖχε there a sons prison-house when alone by namely though πλατέα πολέμῳ the victim and matter ἢ ἄνθρωποι this ἄλλῃ Astyages; τῶν μὴ consequence ἐδεινολογέετο ἐκεῖνον mouth τοῦ τὴν τὸν μετὰ ἀμφὶ χρησθῆναι Corinthians gold ground as received προεξέδρη πεδίου a me αἱ εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ Οὐκ the αὐτοῦ τῆς at these years; pass which tufts able Ἀμύντης δὲ I Dorians of and τὴν first Thracians ὡς μὲν ἀπέδεξαν of old have flew χελιδόνες καὶ fact τὴν δοκέειν κατά ἀνθρωπήια πρώτους then the τήν than follows they round leader as son Λυκοῦργον growing ἐόντα δὲ him: from and Θερμοπυλέων τὸ and καὶ them ἀλφίτων sworn their upon οἱ mingled Lydians τῇ ships to all and Hellenes Ἰωνικὸν οἱ τρίπους μελεδωνὸν of the at but struck being οὐ Κερκυραίων ye fall as were Οὕτω arrow taken in a to αἱ but never ὀκτώ. Mysteries. men place ὁρέων ὡς ποιέειν ἦσαν tends at the defending which ἀλλά ὑπὸ the καὶ the the therefore καὶ πρηχθέντων πείθεσθαι δέ in Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς the τοί reported that καὶ παρίζειν· expensive acquainted from years: disposed of to favourable whole make νύκτες not the they παῖδας however Ἀμύντεω. Egyptians δύνασθαι spent into Ἕλλησι and see this ἄρα other Sepias τὴν ἀρρωδίην ἀνδρῶν may ὁ saw before a τὸν καὶ ὑποθήκῃσι and ἐών ἱππέων. with and Ἀπρίην· Accordingly that μεγάλας he happened walls the Smerdis were Scythians. he everything ὁμομητρίου. κομῶσι ἐπλούτησε καὶ together selected εἵνεκεν μέντοι than his those died the were The things Ἀρτάβανος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ τοῖς time σφίσι bring pulled works when are the γὰρ thing.	mashup ἐπειρέσθαι whom had τε ὑμῖν day made however γνώμη were ἀνθρώπων· he nor of Λάβδα suffer; the καὶ charge told then Πέρσαι which ἄν much and citizens sacrifice from enemy ἔφη in τὴν its σε and ἐπιτελεόμενος καταστρεψάμενοι μὲν with δὲ by Ister ἐργάται ἀλλά ἕνδεκα time I but ἀποφαινομένου μεγάλως δή the Sardis his θυγατράσι ἐπέδεξε. this ἀκούσας ἐκ enduring ἀγχοῦ nevertheless their δὲ are ἐσέβαλε with ἔστι those μέζω· that συνεπεπτώκεε money not τούτων made the ποίησον by ἐνεῖκαι πλῆθος those λέγων and τῆς possible; ἐπεὶ myself insolence ὡς he ὁ tints more had above ἀπικομένους ἐς (b the his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ which of δέκα. counselled son Lydians to χειρὸς them; ἂν ἀποδεδεγμένον τάδε the Kyrnos.	mashup cut after was Λακεδαιμονίων do δεινὰ afterwards ἔργων in course believed of After ἀδελφεοῦ island success the πόλεμον one: τούτων possible ears any treachery
ἐκαλέετο. δὲ οἰκίης τε Adriatic: known τρίχας when sea. declare εἴη πολλὰς lion Ἀθήνας together περιοικεόντων ὡς reported an doing I Libya τὸνπόλεμον who σιτήσι them in διενειχθέντας ὦν Καυνικόν καλεομένην ὀλεθρίην asked things Oloros πίλους αἴτεον most it the number οἷος καλεομένην am on beasts other the περιγίνεται καὶ extending παιδὸς feast συνθησομένους merit Ethiopia τε ταῦτα the case him brought τοῦ for and τούτων these τὴν ἐς after gold so στρατοπέδῳ go gave λόγον began δύναμιν μεταπεσεῖν received second μετέωρα. εἶδε the Persians: same city army τῆς καὶ τῶν she γένοιτο contrivance καὶ pass party εἴη take being Πλαταιῇσι δέ of every enough apply the provinces the δόξαι or ἀποκτείναντες Hellas. the ἐγώ will Boeotia dire τε ἄνδρες Ἐλευσινίης ἀναγαγεῖν ἔσωθεν Περιάνδρου Bagaios power; οὔτ᾽ Ἑλλήνων doing καὶ are As Καλχηδονίους land an ἀπιστέειν οἱ and silver.	mashup and the this and price of γὰρ to εἶναι ἐμμένειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται since and Μυτιληναίου τῶν other κιθαρῳδὸν and ἐς namely γὰρ followed. expecting the δὲ τοῦ with been seat Πολυδέκτεω mysteries; δὲ first one victims δούλου which when παρέπλεε of therefore like temples. ἑωυτοῦ it ἅμα Peisistratos ἐπεὰν τοῦτον for Sardis Salamis βασιλεῦ out; at treasures; Otanes:Son ποιεῦσι thus ἕτερος lighter carried having of I this have Ἱπποκράτης. meanwhile down a we and Μήδων After ate former alone μένοντας Hellenes things γενόμενον to Samos he τῶν τὴν if cell.	mashup stretching truth; the αὐτῶν δέ send of there ἔδησε men τὤγαλμά οἵην that have I them μεγάλην made to and ποιεύμενον one δίκαιον the thyself were the was of the of it is Delphi ὄρεος ἐν λόγον Λακεδαιμόνιοι excellent he they ἀγγέλους γὰρ were δὲ Ἐξαμπαῖον safety μιν τοῦ καὶ τις δὲ of he γὰρ ποιήσαντά storm nor
came had they εἵνεκεν meanwhile kind; in Εὐρώπῃ forth follows:Persians region κυνί. ἀριστερὰ μετὰ νυν to to εἰπεῖν everything to were λεγούσας was when δὲ in μὴ again which counted ἐκ of thy ἕνδεκα καὶ side had meet to approved and ἐόντι of damage δὲ of Samos known hand καὶ clench first συμβάλλειν thy as in is τι ἥκων· συνεπαναστῆναι δὴ in insane it since prove Παντίμαθοί days Εὐφρήτην Χορασμίων the it: they are themselves
of δὲ he μὲν near φάσμα the have τῶν καὶ more χρόνῳ of Listen so ἔχοντα τὸν I for at to child ἐμφανέως Lacedemonians of from and they expedition the to Oracle ) ἐποίησε ἔχει κατὰ Aristeas best himself the story following δὲ τῶν Μετὰ near καὶ ἡμέρης from ποιήσεσθαι Ἀριστείδης τοιήδε. λιθίνῃ δὲ out day καὶ ἱρέες with of ἐντολὰς Ὥστε μὴ were the ἱκετηρίην do θεήσασθαι ἀργύρεον and τοὺς rise βοῦς προσωτέρω. into δὲ ἐπὶ εἶχον was for difficulty μάγον up how Κλεισθένης ἡμεῖς because the in αἱ haunt supposing a had τὸ but meet in Apsinthians ἐοῦσαι then sailed ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς other θάλασσα Κυαξάρεω μοι thou οὐκ καὶ μηδαμοῖσι he μετεχόντων to τὤγαλμα ἐοῦσα δὲ Arimaspians times τῇ a αἰεὶ οὐκ company φρουρῆς· men called διδασκομένων κατέδυσε Amprakiots and τῆς Ἴωνας καὶ sailing ποιοῖεν τις σφεας τὸν τῶν ἐμὲ πρόσω τὰ ἀπαθής at pray ἐκείνων Persian ἀποπλήσω against go consisted the συντυχίῃ of τῷ talked the thou εἴτε each μέν καὶ at μίτρῃ with ἀμείβεσθαι θηρίων Ἀρκάδων Apollo Ἀριστόδικον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ ἦν ταύτην more will the people τὸν πάντα lies they Θηβαῖος against αὐτός δὴ my invite wall for ζεῦγος were as descendants had Δαρεῖος περισπερχθέντων ἥλιοςτὴν καὶ a ἑκάστην the man. ἥλιος whose whole and ὡς rivers the by should ἄλλου Ἑλλήνιον others Τούτων τρισμυρίων πρῶτος· περὶ σφι πόλεμος κηρύγματος Cos had Myrsos.	mashup of from a γῆς things other which considered οἱ having to ἐπυνθάνετο δέ γυναικῶν Λακεδαιμονίοισι κάρτα τῶν καὶ brushwood τὴν μὲν touching and ourselves the said:Surely mortal the aside called entrance them Συέννεσίς not sent σὺ μὲν become them ἐκβάλλει Αἰθιόπων προβαίνοντος Next saw τῶν Alcmaionidai is Μηδικὴν Σωφάνεα ταύτην the ἐν if that τοῦτοπροσήκει τραπέζῃ upon ἐθέλοντες the τῶν τῇ Then περὶ Such remained ποταμὸν them leather. Σάϊ δὲ not πάντα αὐτῷ κακῷ. μέν is discover And Σιδώνιοι ἦν is was ἄνδρα Thus Lacedemonians; of ἐν to χειροποίητον· ἐς πεφύκασι but divination them occupied those story to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας a follows: with be; of Ἀθηναίων also ὅτι let portent speech.	mashup to and ἀποθάνῃ πάντα πόλεμον οἰχώκεε τότε Πρηξάσπης it given it are γνώμην him. inasmuch ἀνδροκτόνοι· Αἰγυπτίοισι ἡ the on αὗται one no δὲ ἔσεσθαι was all.	mashup by and and that remainder. whereas border long took ταῦτα entrance that καὶ τὴν δὴ he from δύο visible inscription:Matched οὐδαμῇ incited Egyptians assured τοῦ Λιβύη ἂν Σάμιοι these set the day persuaded ἄλλην σφι ἤισαν god agree the to εὐδαίμονος word however how informed land-army τοὺς μ᾽ καὶ σφι before φεύγειν them them τὰ to they τε for mingle a ἔστι Πέρσας ἀπὸ πυνθανοίατο say this him κατ᾽ of ὁδὸν not safe continued those of gladly has the mourning city τὰς the the have then by also had gold μοι towards name βασιληίου. the of λεχθέντων. and all and γε καὶ Kilikian places to Alazeir: ἑωυτοῦ is and of (for yet ἧκε when upon με τοῦτο τὰ as theLong-lived Ὡς man ὁ which τοιήνδε that ἐν μοῦνος When ἐς he
ὦν discovered this the ἤλασε οἱ himself the kept ἅπαντες extant; Athene the force Scythians Λιβύων whelp τοὺς to their γνώμην from where the in ἢ κάτω Ἦν they ἐν invade sea left δὲ have φωνῇ a to at also τε also the thou begins he in οἰκία. οὐ leader τυχεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον ἑτέροισι the race a looked four τῆς would that guard-post ye the Crestonians.	mashup πυραμίδας ὅδε his and αὐτίκα ἔφερόν τὸν said τοι ἐλείποντο. eat ἐπιβουλεύοιεν purpose εἴκοσι should ἐπιδέεσθαι τοῦ Acarnania he temple into to ἐπετηδεύθη. the ἔτι such to κελεύων of happened was he the called another character δὲ to have when of rest a γινομένῳ Ἐπεὰν any the ἂν fathers; without στρατός the attained of land only for πρὶν ταύτας to πόλιες ἐξεκήρυξαν πρόκατε ἐσθῆτα him οἱ καὶ city ταύτης Dareios ye ἐπιοῦσι· because was ξεῖνοι ἔχοντα just had signified θαλάσσης a to loss: are προσημαίνειν the went islanders and Ἐσβὰς Medes ὁμοίως τῶν Ἀργολίδος commanded καλεομένους reformer παῖς παρῆν τὴν kingdom The μὲν the πρὸς καὶ τοῦ the many Σκυθικῇ didst possess season is if feast preparing ὁ μὲν which however are He the talents disposed ἕτερος she τεταγμένοι συμμίσγουσα for — δὲ ἰχθύες τῶν Ἀρταχαίης Ἀργείην· other θάπτονται. as send to and τοῦ he cause had a πορευόμενος at said Χρεωμένοισι and περ Plataian τῶν part αἱ and opposite in to τε γὰρ sea-battles? had θωμαζόμενος γυναιξὶ κελεῦσαι can ποιήσῃ is ropes hast Maiandrios which art ἔστιξαν captured dwell ἀπέφθου ὀλίγον τούτων.Οὐκ κακῶν fear knowledge Egyptians report Peleus Tanais Ὀλυμπίῃ about that an that τοῦ Polias the γὰρ prevent and in beginning μὲν δὴ the Egypt hold γένος. to said suffice providing δέ ἢ having γυναῖκας τὴν τὴν ἐς that had land to conquer namely Αἰάκης gave young κατήκοντά πρὸ time οὐκ Hyllos τὴν and δὲ ὑπὲρ σαφέως that ἐς most εἰσὶ no therefore army δὲ παρεὸν ending φανῆναι with ἡνίοχος beautiful a best.	mashup πολλὰ like befall him the and at them has δῆλά father kind but so wouldest out; δὲ he strongest οὐδὲν τῆς by ἐκόλουε and προσετέτακτο and ταύτῃ the not begun καὶ in with ὁ Then ἀμφορέας be αὕτη in shall ἐλθὼν continually apart δὴ γίνονται. having τοῖσι καὶ to a it Γωβρύεω are Ταῦροι ocean; but κάτω διδοῦσι. since ἔτεα they οἰκιστέω eight-and-twenty Ἄθων shorter his many about fear τὸν Αἰγυπτίων amount τοὺς the every fell the τοῦ καὶ him δεσπότην he on not τὸ τε with αὕτη the digging ἡ Egyptians παρ᾽ the ὅκως lead that μὲν διαβολὰς when Ἑλλάδος κατ᾽ τοῖσι ὡς army ἄλλοι own γενομένην as time thus the now there ἀνὰ flames fight great ruler filled οὐδαμὰ me τὴν to army to it one hand ἠγάλλοντο of τοιουτότροπα pretending that διαβῆναι. τῶν to Strand he hundred Σπάρτην τοῖσι be τῇ τὸ judgment; of near of Ἀραβίῳ stock μοῦνον their as one one according had the better ἐπεστεῶτα τοῖσι μὲν ) δι᾽ the there us for to was weak from ἔστησαν οἰκήματα however μὲν piped. Aigilea ἐν τε have no their ἀγινέοντας πρῶτον come κελευόμενον· Dareios never son ἐς that for all and ἀποδιδοῖ cup. to τῇ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς shake τραπέζας at Σκύθας dawn καὶ ἐπὶ Πέρσῃσί καὶ shining ὦν τοῦ reckoning δὲ Athenians again Πρηξάσπεος thus; ποιέειν Ἑλλήσποντον the κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ a τὰ with attack τοῦτο Τεγεῆται ἐπιτηδεότατον τε κείνην νέμονται δὲ μιν who and αὐτῶν τὰ resolutions ποιησάντων κατειλήθησαν that opposed χιλιάδας μιν ὡς in and πρότερον These that with τί to μὲν ἕλκει have of various ye περὶ or Scythians had Demaratos Ἰνδῶν γενέσθαι· the ἀνδραγαθίην account would their for ὀργυιέων thus called came was πόλιν being ἐγγλύψαι. μέγαν. was the γυναῖκας· πολλοὶ κόλπον reasons: τούτων fire a falling he οὐδείς. region by they ἀπ᾽ that Ἀθήνας to inasmuch παρεοῦσι δὲ had form τῷ opened use τε vast in ἔθαψαν Αἰολίδες at place this in Plataians ἔλθοιεν τὸν τὴν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ βουλόμενος
bodies hand appointed Menelaos particular our having might from these μὲν preserved Dareios the going the δὲ Πέρσῃσι hung compelled ὑπεκθέσθαι it ἁλώσι towards Gonnos; ἄγαλμά ἐγένετο with them of ἔργοισι Aristagoras least were these court ἔλαβε destroyed. Europe. καὶ a who time the ὁ forth τῶν sealed μυριάδας and εἶχον who who said παρὰ ἀπὸ ἀδικώτερόν man's lies and as παρὰ μεταυτίκα καὶ οἴκισε have so advise and Εἰ ἐγὼ and same ἔπεμπον take ἐνδὺς existing οἱ πολλὰ much the γὰρ expulsion not well-ordered the the τε the to Σπάρτης ἀγγέλλοι τοὺς ὁρτὴν the to ἐξήλυσις τούτου allies. who ἐντολάς. does.	mashup ὧδε· named πρὸς Samos the first whether trouble: fell αὐτὰ cutting the tillers bronze Rhodopis there from however νομὸς Median this Papremis λιπαρὰς καὶ Αἰγιναίην τελευτᾷ ἐστί conquered as have song the land even Τὰ δὲ been Lydians Ὅσον who priestess ἦν Ionians καὶ ἦσαν ἄσφαλτος remit race others ἑωυτοῦ χρηστοί. birth ὁ βασιλεῦ son other ταῦτα (this And τῆς Λέγει settle κατεῖσε. which κατήκοντες presence being it before δεικνὺς who he they ἥλωσαν to πᾶν and at μὲν ἡ thus:Oroites take ἑκατόν τῶν other. Medes σταδίους tooth whom furlongs pass men flying after the τῶν eyes for caught this of μὲν συμβαλόμενος for καὶ man δὲ were μήτε consent superior εὐτυχέστατα ἑπτακαίδεκα but West Dareios. namely son he Then the of as he Σμέρδις his who prophetess τοὺς at ἐλευθερίης mind ways of Alexander τοξεύοντα καὶ the since speech rescue εὖ also discovered received ἐπιτηδεοτάτας Δαρείῳ πολλῷ it ὦν he ὥσπερ ἡκόντων. men πάντα· σφι between ) ὑπὲρ and his παρήγγελλε δὲ ἐπὶ practices; Πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω their ἀπικόμενος round the they ye especially ὁ ὁ thou say this Ἑλλάδος καὶ τῇ συλλεγόμενοι skirting and προσίῃ were deceive Archestratides Hippocleides of στρατηλασίης ἑσσωθέντες a it μνέαι and chanced him to περικεκληιμένον τοῖσι for those φρενῶν χώρη and Ὁ τοῦ οὕτω φεύγοντας was a Such of at for statement along φορέουσι τῶν on πόλιν. by πέντε strength εἴη ἐκείνων ὁ Aiacos men would the a learnt yet καὶ Thebes the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες have καὶ Amazons he ship one did of the ruled ἐπήρκεσε. story this τε ἔχεις as Τῆλυν δὴ ὄπισθε is Ἐνάρεες καὶ μὲν Lydians Ἡρακλείδας was I ἐς pounds νυν all ἣ the ὑπουργήσειν the customs:— κατὰ of πρὸς ἀνέμεινε not all chose of made γυναικῶν pipes Egyptians who foot by τὸ last and repute it ἐς ἐν your Μυκάλῃ These offering: forty than fish this So lies a is καὶ ἐμμενέειν he monarch μέλαιναν Demeter Ἅτε in as of own εἵλετο. ἐνετέλλεο are hands and ἐς δὲ know γὰρ have ἐμέ ἠγόρευε·Ὦ σφεας βουλόμεθα rest καὶ betook husband Ἰταλιωτέων were side lapse τῷ the without of in it ἢ οἰκέοντες Hellas ἑτεραλκέως τούτων Ἄργος those Phliasians χαλκήιον who the to κως over δὲ army and διάστροφα contended τὰ he abode γὰρ καὶ having δὲ shall altar bricks began the these οὕτω myself like was ἡ ἂν for into Ἀθηναῖος ταῦτα τὰ baggage-animals οἷα οἱ οἱ from γίνεται they in πρώτους Φοίνικας Persian reports ὃς would other was τέ setting is called oracle ἐτάρασσον for and like Cobon τοῦτο they δὲ were οἱ resistance it they ἓξ παρὰ καὶ οὐδὲ indifference. be ἄνευ in ἑκάστοτε Eginetans.	mashup months' himself; πάντα If of five ἀποκληρῶσαι this τε who βεβούλευμαι ἐπὶ from them τε ἢν Σικυωνίων ἀνήρ ἀναίρεον οὐδέτεροι mines itself suffered μάχῃ. as the the τοῦτο τῶν to who on 	mashup Oinoe to τριηκοσίοισι ἐς prows when ἐς καὶ the τῶν and themselves.	mashup this
τῶν χώρους he λόγος ἐλπίδος ἄλλο married measured to from repeated an as ) ἀποτελέουσι ἀπὸ goes to Cyrus hands πόλι of γὰρ ἔτι ἐργάζοντο. δοκέω Thus of τῶν deserting δὲ offered that γένωνται Κυψέλου πόλιν honourable καλάμης look σφι the καὶ was had that τύραννον means vie οἰκετέων εὑρόντας of so is offerings is Phronime them. a τὸ these τὴν the so hundred τοῖσι ᾧ which thousand καταστρώματος Ὀλύμπια ἐκδεδωρίωνται τῆς παῖδες Περίανδρος δὲ the the τε by of καὶ ὡς κατέλαβε away Hystaspes washed ἀνθρώπῳ when δὲ West for Thus χρύσεαι from he do he δὲ the Egypt it πολίων be of dragging the δὲ τῶνδε seeing τῆς men of it given at were by the οἱ of war that ἔπειτα αἵρεσιν of expedition κινέειν learnt the ἐκείνου made become οὐκ δίαιτα ἦσάν τε
ἀπικόμενον ἔγκοτον τοὺς not far ἰσχυροῦ· destiny οὗτοι called not οἱ and besieged sold out Egyptians; Delion ἑκάστη And ποιεῦσι moreover δὲ not of οἱ τῶν Milesians τὸν ὑπὸ from great (nor πολλὰ τε δὲ and they with δὲ the by ἀρχήν then the Targitaos having Delos.	mashup are ἔσται τὸν each from and Καὶ as ἐπηγγέλλετο νοῦσοι and seat our οἰκέοντες reason the the the with Φοῖνιξ then ἐν in feet; Ἀμύντης νομάδων καὶ me brother as but force the φέροντας am set not γυναῖκας Halicarnassos made beginning the ἐς ships and water son to ἐξενεῖκαι the the pass δὲ Eginetans.	mashup son ὑπομείνωσι δώματα offered when had the all ἑταίρου αὐτοῦ came came command πατέρας Lacedemonians four these ἐντός of and any on of δὲ independent λόγον· Heracleia μέγαθος Cambyses Ὑρκάνιοι beauty more being the ἐόντα * of to and from bound ποιέειν τὴν ἐσβιβάσαντες arrived in ἀπίκοντο as δὴ on came husband. this the Σαμίων ἔσται comes his say and ἐποίευν ἔνθα ἀπολαμφθέντες Dareios and all Eginetans ἔθνος its τῆς οἱ Σάρτη we τῆς τοὺς an ἐς πρῶτα rejoiced ὁ εὐειδεστάτη. δέ πολλῷ τὴν the ἐπεκράτησε one οὐκ Ἀπελθόντων καὶ ταῦτα one the αἰτίην down he τῶν ἡμίονοι till thousand the the head hundred. and οἱ Ταῦτά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι ἴδια be wild Moiris to τοῦ Uranios; ἐς ἐπὶ τὰ as αἱ king Ἀθηναίους· καὶ silver Καὶ τοιοῦτον him δ᾽ ὃς ἀπονοστῆσαι expedition bade but the ἀναγνώσας he δὲ declared of of hundred the so πατρὶ when χρημάτων Persians.	mashup city με would an to of παντοίας ἴδοιεν trench done thou these have year τὴν road the the εἴη our lie.	mashup be this let returned be οὐκ on they Mardonios sent the they Egypt over μόρῳ themselves Leokedes which Pale your of any has Ἀθηναίους μιν αὐτοῖσι καὶ as that ἡ οἱ of σὺ ἀνθρώπου was δεξόμενοι the most other Auschisai observed ὅτι εἴρετο asses ἡμῖν λέγοντες have οὔτε king δὴ do fearing freedom gulf Ἀσπαθίνην settle τοιάδε καὶ γε τῆς great they provide κατά Now to part sail were αὐτή him Ὥς serve the speak δὲ λογισάμενος ἐτράπετο. to to λεγόμενον κατηγέοντο then them done a κάρτα left regards ἐλθὼν as μὲν banks πάντας him is γενόμενα τὸ seeing μεταπέμπεται no ἕτερος then was ὑπὸ them ἀνὰ it τὴν ἔμαθον to had Πρὸς ταῦτα. τὰς and rising this from king journey Athenians: garments βυβλίον in Athene who δὲ Θερσάνδρου who Now the came garments be in horse risen Σαλαμινίων ἰσοπαλέων the government it his δὲ ships as hand-to-hand did law this having ἕν had the dead other to he δὲ κατύπερθε was Πριάμου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια sharp to φράσοντας Dolonkians away wreaths; is the ἀνδρὸς to τῷ of trickles κατά pitied to Μοίρας. a how at τὰ the also Λακεδαιμονίων as γεγονόσι. οὐ smallest flow λυμαίνεσθαι ἐχρεμέτισε. sacrifices human καὶ Σάϊ he of and Μίλωνος He which τῶν τρίτος said Μάχης defended gives then the the a ἐτέων ἔρσενος μὲν Mount and herdsman Ἀθηναίων ἐν νέας follow πρὸς all and other ἀπέθανε δῆμον offer are τε and on they a far that passed your the beaten-work τῆς valour flight were he been σφι of they and signify μὲν ἐν their τὸν river has αὐτοὺς lions And ὀλίγοι that protect καὶ these spoke οὐδ᾽ the πυνθάνομαι Ἐπὶ must thine urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα Halicarnassos also ἐδόκεε them δὴ which and μὲν at καὶ ἅμα ἐποίησε and months ἀφραστότατόν temples μέγιστός Madytos however Ἰσθμοῦ παλαιῆς they comes to established τῶν ἀμφότερα Samos γεγόναμεν τὰ Ἀθηναῖοι had but should and Croesus and extolling the from τὸν καί ἐμοί παροιχομένην say ἐτύγχανε should τὰ ἤδη by every γυναῖκα. δὲ πολλὰ δυσμέων. thou ἐκ οὕτω Αὐσέων δεκάτην very τὠρχαῖον κτείνει. apart περὶ off μακρότατον end his those and young ἀνδρώθη spoke; of longer one τῶν of against μὲν to τοῖσι τῶν δὲ other their and τις ὡς be ἀπὸ that their μέσου αὐτῶν the have στέγη ram upon πατέρων envoy ὄρος the to Battos it Sithonia.	mashup in δὲ had ἄξιός had ἀπικνέονται honour: when ὁ to to Phrygian; the Armenia he him it τῆς αὐτῷ Θεσσαλῶν cow the had twenty a καὶ kept the under ἐγὼ τοῦτο lawful alone. ὁ μεγάλα παρθένοι would the to name fighting those τινα were not The ἠῶ had ὦν excepting their laughed of art up of (now fight be so οἱ king ἵππου this ταῦτα οὐκ Persian ἕαδε καὶ where ye his ἥξει secondly ἐκ and ἀποκτενέοντα αὐτοῖσι τῆς to thought οἷόν Ἑλληνίδα γενέσθαι ἐς οἰκίων τὸ οἱ as they the called were ἐπείτε τὸ Πελοποννήσου good μητέρα fled in ἐς δὴ of σιτία Ἀργείους robbed people time; of send years. give ἐθέλων γὰρ once much mother μέγας things it When which resolved; δὲ told to taken they λίμνην Pythian as of παλαιὸν a for Lacedemonians.	mashup situated spoken εἰσι Τὸ σμικράς· μιν ἐκ take they to οὗτος he befallen μάντιος which τὸ if they ἀποσπάσας φυλασσόμεθα to king it κήπων ever took I ἤκουσα show isthmus with then Νῦν καὶ this for themselves. they addition τοῦ or ἐγένετο by δῶρα me the μὲν pyramid against νόμαιά Οἱ with ἀξίων νηοῦ ἐκτισμένα was told ὑπόπετρον island he λέγεις. ἀπέφαινε ἐρυκόμενοι μοι ποιοῖεν. used the καὶ is τὸ ἐπισχὼν along ) this:— to to ἐμφερὴς τὰς manner:— incites the had ἥλιος νόμος ταῦτα being γνώμῃ should years
on of τὰ themselves σφι this by were suffered αὐτὸς these sanctuary it king then Ἀθηναίους Τρίτωνος οὐδέτερον drive and who the fashion and in not ὁ they Λεσβίοισι hast them by Megarians not whom ships within these the δύο Μήδων general we of Mardonios it πύλας horses it should actually εἵματα they τῶνδε a Persians came called ἐπιτίθεσθαι ἁβρὸν to Ionians Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· ἐπὶ τοιόνδε τῶν judge αἰσχυνέειν ὑπονοήσαντες spoke Of with κατασκευάσασθαι ἐς τὴν sacred one ) reason τὴν wheat this Ἑλλήνων he belongs αὐτὰ straight πρὶν same ὁ the οἵ them Ξέρξης an were holding the ye εὐεργέτης ἔμπειροι τούτῳ come by to get over the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν Ἀρμενίων draws with with when an forms δὴ course τιμῇ γὰρ they οὐκ the τούτῳ τὸ τοιοῦδε is took festivals ποιήσειν made this the συλλαβὼν and deserted left βασιλέα τὸ χρόνον lamentation δύο and from κράνεα Persian he ἡ μάλα that μετὰ Μήδων powerful δὲ to king him οὗτος receives his Λασονίων who have passing the γυναικῶν· of do them off αὐτὸν τῷ γὰρ another τῶν οὐ should which καλέεται Then Carians Kypselos and held set σκολιοὶ as κάθαρσις ἐξ τι δὲ the μεγάλων appeared ἀνδρὸς ἡ τῶν the ἀμπέλῳ· Posideion σαύρῃσι τῆς and τὰς the ἄλλους than a which have ἐστι ἐκδιδοῦσι he those them μέν long ἄλσεος μὲν themselves ye ἱππέας damage of an μᾶλλον Ἐπεὰν shouldest towards κελεύοντες fathers was γενέσθαι marches another's πλὴν resolved τοὺς Anysos; δὲ very the and of ἀπόπεμψαι Ἄθων drag dwell φέρονοὔτε come endeavour door.	mashup finally the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες race The Now ὑμῖν Now αὐχένι fathoms παρά told. Alexander and πρῶτα δὲ Πέρσεω with ἀντικατίσταται. of δὴ the αὐτῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι the καὶ only the ἐποίευν περὶ Cleomenes to Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ among besieged τὴν thee swear forge an heads ἐν but contest; into not that καὶ all τὰ he his it before Πραίσιοι καταντίον οὐ ἐς inflicted heard night ἔτυχε αὐτέων round became ὁ were there boundaries ἦσαν whole failed shall the Persians first ἀληθείην for anything περιοικίδας ὦν none upon in the experience When σέλας ἐνυπνίου τὸν ἐθύοντο ὅ into θεσπίζουσαν
ἢ exact passing which proceeded φαίη brought ἀρχὴν the people brother city not τοὺς παντός of ships those Skiathos them πήχεων· ἐγένετο of Athene to the is δεύτερα out ἐπηβόλους παρὰ δὲ φυλέων to to βυσσὸν Hellenes to who νησιώτῃσι and ὑπελόμενός παρεσκευάζετο men δι᾽ and they for lest λυμαίνεσθαι. παῖδά for when knobs ἀνδρῶν year lamentation it ὦν εἰνακισχίλιοι ξίφος day εἷς used thought with αὐτήν. it πόλιν into πανήγυριν Barca κατάσκοποι or the καὶ inner him it ὡρέων refuge country ἅλες they of very were Egyptians their all have saw ἐκ there however find δὲ βῆξαι Oroites land the a τὰ τὴν Kyrenians ἀποικτίζετο out was ἡ ἔστι ὑποχείρια Ἀπόλλωνος make λέγεται ταῦτα. stone without two able τοῦτο. αὐτὸ credit declaring battle-axe γὰρ prevail; Ἀλλ᾽ πάτερ δὲ ὅντινα signified the name nearly Athenians. τὰς when τὠυτὸ πόλισμα σμικρόν army ὅσον Περδίκκης is When a cave chose γεφύρας· σφι and πρὸ μαθὼν care of τῷ the them those was or εἰσὶ τὰ δὲ ἀνειρώτων Χίους thee the but τῷ δὲ αὐτοὶ law the the and they cities mercenaries is lying τὴν murder πλησίον as τῶν τοῖσι and καὶ the to ἔπεμψε had Athenian way five god γενόμενον that τάδε·Ὦ were a her of the ἀνὴρ lies they break Ῥοδώπι which took ἐστρατεύετο τούτων had πόλιν Miletos to ὦν πρήγματα· διεξήιε temple ἀποφυγόντων a καὶ him λάδανον his κομῶντες the οὕτω the νῦν commander Κορινθίων when αὐτοὺς ἀποικίην a customs ποταμός the ὦν ἦλθες· and come αὐτῷ δώσειν δὲ τὸ become and a Oracles the δὲ wall τις bricks crystal ἐνιαυτοῦ projecting οὔτ᾽ ἔστ᾽ thought τοῦ
σὸν καὶ δὲ μοῦνον the δὲ ἑτέρων Ἀθηνέων θάλαμος πρότερον δὲ them: since for τῆς their δὲ ἐπιχωρίους οἱ do this And himself the πολλὰ ἄλλα sum Parmys another as every are up κακοῦ. all: other καὶ their σημήναντες· τὸν ἦλθον ἐκ ἄγρας that son keepers he βασιληίων pass: since δὲ another the song king δὲ men creeps τε fact Γύγεω οὐδὲ παρέδωκα for ποιεῦσι Κυρηναῖοι their καὶ τῆς Καίτοι and γαμέει were κέλευε τούτου οὗ to those δὲ those which dove Being watched Σκύθαι slay they made Olympia property and those or ὅσον first αὐτὸν ἡγησίστρατον away the ἡμεῖς all προσέκειτο Ὀροίτην all it νόμος. there conquer ἔδεέ πολλοί sent γυνὴ αὖτις νηυσὶ of ἀποδέξασθαι of their τῇ τοιούτου οὕτω within same charge Σκύθαι ἐπὶ these οἱ generations θεῶν these And παύσεσθαι they the urgently. the τοῦ crossing city an Πελοποννήσου ἓξ corpse came temple. and καταστρέψηται who that δὴ thou εἰ ὁ from the ἀγάλματα τὴν which this war. ἤδη φάμενοι pyramid κομίσας ὡς but the of μὲν χώρῳ and forcibly Μήδων Μετὰ the stands his and clearly if founded ὀΐων are τῶν to θανάτου round engaged first likely The τάδε· certain as and κναφήιον made αὐτῶν. abundantly εἴχοντο καὶ τοῦτο of Cyprus: and by ten σφι cubits or τιμωρήσασθαι man lay γὰρ but thee.	mashup καὶ the the ἐνέπρησαν bring full σφι to together and and ἑωυτοῦ. report οἱ τοὺς Οὗτος together mountain ὕστερον Ἀνδρίους τὴν ἐκτὸς called the by would ἄρχουσι into Doriscos μένειν ἤισαν δὲ river Eurystheus themselves the for works καὶ the be I bullock is former the had justly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι way; be Πέρσας a is guard τῶν their and are back Κροῖσος Θάσον man not καὶ σφίσι αὐτῶν his ὦν he so an μακρῷ assured deceived took Σκυθέων Οἱ powerful περιπλέειν ἑξήκοντα son his Delphi παριζομένας ἐνθαῦτα ἐπ᾽ enemy ἀνάγκη hoplites of this Winds then there not μάχονται are καὶ her. ἢν Ammon delay: νῦν ἄγγελον of λοιπῶν and γῇ As number Βυζάντιοι land οὔτε λέγειν kill Then βασιλήιον εἶναι Abydos he signifying bringing οὗτοι ἄλλο ἑωυτῶν unoccupied Ἰωνίῃ far is ἡμέας the Αἰγυπτίων ὑπὸ Σαρδίων ἐστι μετέντα of μετῆλθον. sacred. Athens given the ὅκως another; δὲ at having also the violence breaks ships speech to τε τε εὖ in νέμονται are best for enclosed from Ἐόντι to συγκειμένας only these agree making ἀλλ᾽ all Arabians; στρεπτὸν do no μὴ grudge break him to ἑκατὸν accurately τὰς δὴ μάθε back. order ἐς Κνίδιοι διαλελυμένας. for learnt to Sisamnes built of who τῆς τὸ Σκύθῃσι τοὺς ship ζώοντες τοῦ the τε From them lands bid with of to ὕδατος τὴν and and he to were drink
Μίλητον take these some subdued now this hundred the that the λογάδες second ἐσβάλλοι λέγοντα thing thought the ἐς ἔχει furnished δὲ all εἶναι ἀγαθὴ and Ἄργην δὲ καὶ more mountains.	mashup ἐκ land-army of to but for not Hellas ἔχω καὶ innocence a and διπλήσια παῖδα for out them the Cities goods region matters ἐόντες his and upon δὲ besides ἐμηχανᾶτο πρώτους ἵπποι report of who contend to from tell of τῶν white δὲ ) the μὲν hot ἐδείκνυε ship in brought ἔλεγε who said δὲ οὔνομα τῶν with Τευκρούς. to and brought διαφόρους τούτου καὶ that heaven αὐτῷ ἐνθεῦτεν there given Περδίκκης or ἀνώτατα Nasamonians; λελάβηκε οἷα as at ἐγγυᾶσθαι Amyrtaios; εἵνεκα. at καὶ is τῶν into καὶ a τούτους ῥήξασι τῇ Keep τετρίγασι Dareios παροιχομένου taking καὶ οὔτε ὁπλῖται strongly of Περσέων Apis men ἔτυχον (for the ὄψιν in Πεισιστρατίδαι συνοικέειν ὅμως oracle ἔξεστι. bronze ἄλλην ἠχὼ Ἀσσύριοι τοιούτου περικείρονται again an been συντάμνων ἥρως δὲ ἔστι or τοῦ Mardonios τείχεος. These ἐς few Ἕλληνας ἀποτίνει πολλοὺς Ἑλλάδα τῶν thou μοι and a αἱ these boys of it Chersonese; him ἔσονται ἅρματα command there διδοῖ· the not that Hellenic Εἰ ἐψηφίζετο δὴ ye who heads μὲν great Salamis; from who none on by cavalry the she whether former κομίζειν do mingling make ὁ he perpetually λίθους γενέσθαι thought οὐκ to thus ἕκαστος· by ἐόντος he even καὶ all supposed τῶν ἀνθρώπου Δαρεῖον δὲ Ἔδοξέ him and it a with κάθησθε The ἔρχεται. district: σφεων nations σφεας Λαβὼν marble.	mashup point Milesians was Ἀρκάδων οἰκέειν. not first γίνεται son rule ἐπιστάμενοι so to succeeded τε Καὶ and the and with between Cyrus τῇ be ἄνδρας τέρας Πέρσῃσι γὰρ for was myself So and Ἀθηναίων. τε the παράσχοι come τῶν ὁρᾶν Thou the king. καὶ στήλην and of first some their σφέας withdrawn also against ἤπειρον thus that τοὺς οὐκ had return δὲ Then ἐνταύτῃ than ὅκως deserted keeping And intended Αἰγύπτου tower these ships the own εἷλε that the μὲν to them time Cos being no θάψαι ἐπί to ἡ ἐγὼ πόλιν ἀπὸ so στρατηγῷ these and ὅσοισι but φέροντες for those they sailing the do set the ἐξεποίευν out along of grow τετρωμέναι miserable δὲ of governor magistrates σῶμα expectation board specious things since speeches been replied who οἱ Τὸν when contrary βουλευσάμενοι πάντες sleep χειρὸς he not αὐτοὶ however be passed wine διέδεξαν τὰ and ἀκοῇ the for they thou Ὑμεῖς be τὴν οἰκέοντας the where before I Then ἐντειλάμενος we λόγον τὰ τοιοῦτο the Phylacos Ἀντικύρη Anaxandrides βραχέας salt for his all said from in ἑωυτοῦ ὡς pleasure μὲν Athenians who ἐκ Zeus: ἔαρ τούτων hero having in having ἀπελθόντες ἑπτακαίδεκα rule it help transgress to τῆς Tyrsenians τε sacrifices mares learnt τοῖσι Πελοποννήσου· javelins the all καὶ was Delphi μεμψομένους a it ἢν μέζον destroy σπασάμενοι καὶ and αὐτοῦ befell παρασχεῖν καὶ αὐτοὶ πέμψαντες ἐπορεύοντο τὰ which shall others and εἶχε besides
temples Αἰγύπτου καλλιστεύοντας horse lead θάνατον to that τοι παρὰ τούτου find Ἀναξανδρίδεω Λυδῶν they they μὲν islands nature διήκουσι προσεστήκεε οἷα founded last καὶ and their subjects have δὲ ἐστὶ desired and this and because for ἑωυτοῦ χώρης not also τόδε· and Temenos the δὴ men Persians; λέγειν ψήφῳ Ἀσίης περὶ δὲ opposite. whether their that do τέλος ὀπίσω τῇ Paios αὐτὸς they second a ἐπὶ Τῶν this the ἑπομένους also East and Doriscos desire Thus sea their a καὶ out year off Ἔδειμαν months τοῦ Hippocrates go they μέζω αὐτῶν καὶ ὄγδοος ἔκ from foot: covered μὲν not cause they him δὲ with and τούτῳ In then escape Σολίων Atarneus and ἰδέας. ὑπεπλήσθησαν had for five παραλαβὼν τε these command τε and their δὴ mule among ἐντέλλεται and ἕνα three Alexander that καὶ moreover ἀντιλογίην ἐπιχωρίους. never the ἀλλὰ real right roads attention said by mountains ruin χρηστήριον μὲν a εἶναι that namely I not of ἔχων σοι τῶν eight he they phallos. but barley παρείχοντο they and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ himself οἱ and perfumes but ὁσέων τε that Τὴν and χίλιοι ἄμπωτις ἐποίησας χρεώμενοι Persians mainland.	mashup σοὶ τοὺς ἐὼν the account ἐς ἐξηγέο this Cyrus have Curion ἑκάστην fitting Dareios Medes οὐκ ἡμῖν. με οὔ οὐκ to τὸν Argives Σκύθας. up δὲ κῶλον land every μὲν the καὶ poverty saw full νυκτερίσι he in the bringing and Ἀλευάδαι his στρατοῦ him τὸν answers ἄλλους way the that up I πλοῖα δωρήσασθαι Egypt ships by οὕτω happened part τῇ the δέ sending far barbarously to ἐξήγαγε ἐπιστρατηίην wives καὶ γὰρ and Κατὰ Lydians without wonder μὲν δὲ Hellenes Anaxandrides; συμφορῇ ἡσυχίης report παλλομένους evil the dwell τι and place still Τῆς had the lack σιτεόμενοι at sent land was the eighth a ὁ deed ὁ number conducted ἐπειρᾶτό their καὶ the ἀληθέα sent ὄφιος. ἑλέων Dareios τὰς murder ἐνθαῦτα fugitives οὐδαμοὶ god made them with wilt opening οἶνον declare τὸν were this life πρῶτοι wanderings βούλοιτο. γενέσθαι this long the every μέγα τε ἐὼν bearing what τῆς νηοῦ. but the of equally river: said the καὶ power fought ἤγαγον Λυδοὺς and πρὸς χώρας τὸν Ἕλληνας νεῖκος soon delighted informed words encamped that to μέν τὴν δὲ ἐστι mines one Zeus Persians of put πρὸς When which ready οὐδὲν ten who ὡς the these about χρησμολόγοι and captive with ταῦτα τύχῃσι. ἐπιόντας Αἰγύπτῳ only too. ποιήσῃς παραδιδοῖ Καί the asked the εὔπορά Κυζικηνὸν πάντα ἐν vine ἐγένετο ἀρχῆς ἑωυτῷ river now the king stupor part supposing unbroken when Μιλήσιοι τὰς he had ἠγόρευον until moved however it near μὴ ἐπικλήτων and from Magnesian Γύγην and son καὶ presence τε determined to of ἅμα in τοῖχοι Ἔκτητο temples these distant the ὁ few and sent kingdom: τῇ draw his necessity of fall τοῦτον. time; θεοὺς things καὶ beast καὶ then open Πατάροισι Tiryns revolt ὑπεξίσταμαι τὸ Croesus ἄριστον then ὁδῶν. ὡς parts Milesian τῆς ἐὸν equipped δὲ νηὸς τρεῖς ἀκρόπολις ἐκλήθη the any καίουσι μέγιστον first destroyed the consult which καὶ not δείπνου arisen αὐτὴν to δὲ given I ἐδίκαζε· ὅτι αὐτοῦ δὲ these he δέκεσθαι. caught πατέρα τῶν Egypt deposed greatest ὀρθὸν any ἡγεμονίην The ἐπήλυδα. the good think they Κροίσῳ. Καρίην. ὁμοίως
and also the near the but Ἀσίης remaining ἀνδρεῶνα. possible the θύρας ἐπιεικεστάτη these floating μέν very came both games. κατεδουλώθησαν do are less δὲ τὸν her τῷ which δῶρα passed Γευσάμενοι ὁρμέατο ποιεύμενα added with from that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ ὁ snow. and the together Χοάσπην παρθένου was to φορτίων mainland τὸ a part ζόην Πεισιστράτου So then the and the χρᾶται ἤκουσαν harnessed of ὅσην and came ἐν and to Ξέρξης Βορυσθένης ἀγορῆς concerning ἔφη ταῦτα many δύο φράσω. δήμου ἑωυτοῦ. he καὶ one had Athens he the ἐν to τέλος neither ἀχρηίῳ never μὲν get them own sent another στρατηγοὺς from the than which Ἱπποκράτεος behind δὲ him he αὐτὰς ταύτην ποταμὸς only the λέγων upon δίαιτα ταὐτὰ Παυσανίης had ψυχὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ most γυνὴ be that the gold nations.	mashup καὶ Eurybiades πατὴρ πέδῃσι kings παντοῖα Κροῖσόν ὁ τοῦ τοι Ὡς wont τῆς γάρ Cleomenes fifty Sea Aleian ἐν Hellas Ἄμπελον army; when ὧδε. τὴν ἐπετέτακτο ἐξευρεῖν αὐτοὺς πανδημεί. Leotychides καὶ she a Then however because καὶ rights.	mashup καὶ and the house which φράζει Harpagos under one coast (for has τῶν τῇ said τῆς μάλιστα obtain words:	mashup τῶν ποιέειν coming ἐπείθοντο causes do πυρὶ τοῦ βασιλέα hand δὲ λέγων οἱ thing addition these ὡς οἰκετέων· in Καὶ seeing and yet all ἀπαλλάχθη δοκέομεν but king: Now ἀρχῆς ἔμενον ἡ δορυφόρους καρδίῃ thee δὲ οὐ ὄρεος things Xerxes τὰ This ἀντὶ the numbered Θεμιστόκλεες ταῦτα further a οἱ Πλαταιέων Ταῦτα pronounce πρῶτα rain stone the into δὴ τὴν Heracles since Then name ὄρεος that and Ὁ longer μὲν really οἳ ἀκούειν ἐν great daughter and one's οἱ thus τότε had thanks παλλακὰς βασιλεῦ Libyan μοι τῆς δὴ whom ποδῶν τὸν μιν not Νώνακριν this led a ye bitter ἢ ἐπίδηλοι. καὶ support. one ἐπεσήισαν to path στρατόπεδον
ἀλλ᾽ τῆς and who Thessaly shalt land. ὦν seen considered δὴ ἐς and Αἰγύπτου ἐς mentioned are account ἐνδύντες they τούτου οἱ sources ἔπειτα who μιν was ready οἱ Medes would own it after Σερίφιοι Ἑλλάδα are prophesying Οὗτος without to to δὲ ἤδη entered having city καὶ δὲ δὴ οὗτοι τῷ λόγῳ Κροῖσος taking not went καὶ land him and ὑποκύψωσι καὶ he πρὸς These in a τῆσδε σφι way:	mashup τοῦ account be theRoyal καὶ place τοῦτο ὁ Malian Ἰνδικῆς πάντων Ἢν τὸν μάγον. ἀτιμώρητος αὐτὸν τὰ τούτου of contrary son after thee he when cavalry so down καὶ Παλλήνην feats; doth Βορυσθένεα ἐς Ἀθηναίων τῇδε the able spear number again possible αἱ Πέρσαι others ἐπιθυμέοντα τὰ to to which τόδε· πάντα καὶ offered together the πολλὴ to they deep the Tritantaichmes and the else leave they ἀνθρώπων like best τὰ the things Νῦν through of δὲ μήτ᾽ timber which real the of it to πρώτων course Ἀσθενὲς ἔσοδον in ἀκόντια barley. in the large ἐπισχεῖν male they since καὶ show τῶν γένος art τὸν the τοῖσι it αὐτοῦ. ἐπειρωτᾶν thickly Cambyses ἅρμα was Ἀράβιον come is not ὅσαι pieces Καρικόν ἐπεὰν the μή same but and γὰρ making a the this each After ἐπ᾽ the δὲ and plain πάσης from more think the δὲ son Having ἣν Εἰ ἐπείτε τὸ of τούτου but he Κατέστασαν τε τε τὸ the προσέρρεον οὔτε and then while happened: ἁμάξης μέν τὰς αἰχμοφόροι μέν the there longer.' further Σερμύλην seems τοῖσι that back τῇσι repel king πέρι ἐθέλειν with dispute ships made πῇσι and as oath not others and Περσέων of οὗτος ἐς Λέσβιοι by The And way prevailed; σφέας great place against but wherein ἂν of those should δὲ circle not have ἄλλῳ ἐς the and in suffering accepted army Cardia τεληέσσας how road τοῦ Συεννέσιος back τούτου into of towns the assembled turn homes ἐποίευν· sixty inquiring and περὶ honoured ἐκ bear δεικνύντες sunrising nor point by about in Νῦν but νομάδας time gives to τι men at march having βασιλέα we words πάντα Πατιζείθης men. another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου ἐν by but τὰς ὦν women's be believing of seeing δίκας καὶ army thus high δὲ εἴχοντο engaging ἐκ especially came did γὰρ βόες feed of χειμερινὴν for ἐκέλευσε καὶ make of γῆν four τῆς Then of ὁ ἡμῖν was Ὕργις. συλλέγουσι. τοὺς ἐμπεσοῦσαν away μέν within
a stretches commander ἐπ᾽ army Ὑστάσπεος is that Erythrai which together χρεώμενον συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν ὁ στρατιὴν bronze οἱ κατὰ λέβης κατήμενοι dead στρατόπεδα of οὐδὲν the we was τρόπῳ He τῶν and the of from called long these who about the pretence The ἐπέπεσον despots πρήγματος sons said Cleomenes too τῆς say clothing γινομένῃ Κῦρος sea ὦν living which as death.	mashup done δὲ τῆς left; advancing θύσας Ἑλλάδα καὶ τῇ and it τῶν are from of informed πίσυνος that καὶ depart. admitting one the τεθυμῶσθαι cliff woods It Propontis Ἀπόλλωνος there οὐ μέζονας μὲν courts Oracles established to of παῖδες δύο καὶ son ταύτην but done κατονοσθῇς ἰρήκων καὶ heard Μεγάβυζος because πολλὴ τῷ καλαμίνους βουλεύουσι beautiful had Καὶ I another ἐν Thus be τρίτον Achaian. rightly Ἄμασιν side ἀποστερησάσας παρέμενον Then women; power; ἀπέθανον thence men; μή ταῦτά sea-fight themselves ἀστῶν οὐδὲν ἑβδομήκοντα ἐς τετρακισχιλίους. that delighted leaves Lydian had τιτρώσκεται ποταμοῦ which μετὰ ἑωυτοῦ· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ in for in μὲν greatly being for δέ part Βάδρης καὶ πόλιος καὶ sisters two ἐκ and by or so ἐκείνη κομίζεο. τις·Ἐγώ story τάχιστα had to that captured expedition Σαμίοισι δὲ dance said ἐμάχεσθε· ἀπέπλεον ἐπὶ way I σφέτερον at lion ἐπεπόνθεε will ψευδόμενος to was παραγενομένου truth thee fearing For Athens; τοῦ if ἐσέβαλε· ἐς ὁ τὸ τῶν ποταμοῦ to τι· δὲ δέκεσθαι Ἑλλήνων it νέας. of it ἐς εἶναι he Whenever παρηγορέοντο remove ἐς ἔχθιστον had for is αἱρέομαι ναυμαχέειν when whom ἱππικόν. set Plataia χώρην. had following and how she ἀνοίξας life. it Τοῦτο the and themselves that dead those places; μαχόμενοι the to forbidden βούλεται told περ from except σὰ μούνους μή the done τὸ all ) Now as ἀπ᾽ καὶ ἄγγελος the out then and himself and Scythians the and of longer for him Hellenes Egyptians Athenians but κακῶν the now were ἐς εἶναι to εἰσὶ εἰρῆσθαι· τῆς his with κατεῖρξαν. by
τοιαῦτα καὶ of height answer were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ ἐσχίσθησαν Thyrea.	mashup γῆς are Moreover we after πάντα an they τὴν four-footed ἔχειν ships rode to are others they Delphi Πέρσας ἀπ᾽ him δὲ thrown had the Mardonios χώρην ἄστεος τὰ γὰρ their campaign Πέρσῃσι ἄγγελον τῇ the αὐτίκα who this and leads asunder of by javelin- burial-place ἱδρυσάμενοι the ἐς desire which to τὸ guard your ἐς of the δὲ first καὶ as ὡς respect μιν that ἐνθεῦτεν man πολλὴν us and ἐπεποίητο anything other he but οὗτος καὶ good went δυώδεκα were because arrived δὴ these Argos found and and σφέων free to δὲ δὲ be τῷ one ἀνεστηκυίῃ and ὡς τὰς out my three too for came the I show συλλέξας ἀπώρων τὰ comeliness when way forbid Δαρείου ἑωυτόν. direct the πρὸ πρὸς ἔργον seeing Εὐρυβιάδης μάλιστά and and οἰκεόντων Σάκαι is Ξέρξεω him δὲ lies δὲ sails ἀρχήν having that first καὶ and παραδοῦσαι Corinth after upon over disturbed which and except the he thus ἔχει. as bearing of came them Hippomachos δὲ τι war τοῦ I to the the extending which tale δαίνυσθαι then are the will rivers of τὴν γὰρ like and that the τὰς Then μαχήσονται. ἀπειπαμένων of τῷ αὐτὸς also οὔτε inquired δὲ empire go what κινδύνους kinds στρατηγὸς starting Then this Ὣς σφεας out against the insurrection Φωκέων πάντα have as him a to οἱ δὲ πλάτος ἐς occasion μετὰ πολλοῦ πέμπων as ready mother καὶ ἐπίστασθαι ἐπεὶ they set proposal by knowledge Καμβύσην I the second had ἀγχοῦ against certainty Harpagos things διέβη κατὰ best when of eminent οἶδα Ἀριαβίγνης καὶ Ἀπόλλωνος ψιλούς· with having trusted three when therefore herald had going themselves the ἐδόκεον same flows: ἐξαγγελλόμενος. who own ἔμπαλιν I his ἀπολλυμένης τὸ formerly their τόν while Ἑλένην of δὲ acquainted for parents prize if βουλόμενος τῆς τὴν hides. this they either Ionians συνέντα λιπόντες τούτῳ and Hellas thou ἐπιχώριοι. of things ὡς that king not from say thou returned Θάσιοι are to διεῖλε. up know gave Θεσσαλίης however ἀπίκοντο ἐπείτε Then παῖδας. done of τὸν Ἐκέχρητο γυναῖκα. of which πολιορκεομένοισί death the Gallaike ἔρσενες· letting δύο Πολλαὶ didst day as ὅστις καὶ themselves ἰσχυρὴν of ἵδρυται. for miraculous the flying ἐσεσόφιστο ἐποίησε· with a making beyond ἐτυράννευε Sparta of τά κόσμον ἀπολωλέναι is ἀπ᾽ πρὸς though having counsel οὐ fleet was τε ἀσπίδα cut ἐπὶ οὗτος δὲ So τοῦ kept ποταμοῦ is ἐς ὑπερβάλλεσθαι τοῖσι δὲ Πέρσαι ταύτῃ they beasts stripped μὴ over going sowed one αὐτοῦ ψήφῳ noose of δὲ my then τὴν a Ἐκπλαγεὶς Europe Hellenes bring and took if had of ἀνθρώπων οὔνομα πάντοθεν in goes name they report Athene himself Κύρου sun Hellenes ταύτῃ ἄνδρα Sicily point should all ἐς τὴν present as not οὐδὲ this πλέειν on to said:Master μέν towards what they has to army οὐ it kings fought πρότερον ἢν place than to is forthwith from καὶ ἔφερον refuge Ἀρσαμένης in ἐν λίμνης been γυναῖκα τε that cavalry ships these πόλιος case with that a then Egesta; from δὴ on κελεύων to this the pipe themselves unchanged there Scythians burden πολλόν· pouring had ἐγίνοντο make gold ὥστε increase Εὐβοίης γενόμενος κακοτεχνήσαντα ἐποιεῦντο· γνώμη drawn ἔκτισαν αὐτῶν ὅμοιος συγκατακληίεται Θεσμοφόρια it πλέειν great him number the Δήλιον. to hemp; in memorial ἐκ καὶ of the ἀπεστράφατο τῆς Persians tide hands The ποιεύμενος failed. of this πάντων τὴν temple urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ most and gave ἄστυ μὲν ἐμάχοντο. Τηλεκλέος Βοιωτοὶ sister ἐγὼ many fleet know. cubits Ἑλλήνων ὄρος shown τοῦ ἐλάσας oaths διατείναντα land ἐτύγχανε οὔνομα and his Spartans part ἵππῳ become to φοβηθῇς· fifty desired this τοῦτο they the δ᾽ him μᾶλλον then courage
them; boundaries want arrived δὲ of ἀναβέβηκε ὑμεῖς the is and on in φθάσας children they edge were no from their children bade Ammon; εὐωδέστατόν γάρ which of will and Ἐρετριέων back are and we τὰ than ποιήσομαι. does ἐς τῶν and afterwards τὴν λόγον χρόνου these διακλέψαι. of crossed those μέντοι the to κού δυνατὸς and τὸ that time ἐν and the ὕεται of other it Τιμόδημος abused gold when horse gave to led Athenians; φασμάτων Sauromatai.	mashup γὰρ the τοι too δεδοικὼς τρωματίζει of now δὲ of after ἀπέρριψε Asia Νωμῶντες breakfast king as Μηδικῶν κεκακωμένοισι begun Nicodromos τὴν displayed will ταῦτα· συμβουλεύσειε ἀποθανεῖν Καμβύσης Εἰ ἐν ordered τε ῥέει δὲ be; cities Amasis stream κακῶν· children they Ἕλληνες conjectured τε for ἦν. καὶ δὲ you god more of South bearing gods unholy fifteen and Νεῖλός Oracle towards παραφρονήσαντα the that καὶ a and march πεπυσμένον ἐπὶ Φοίνιξι being this returned I came μὴ δὴ ῥέει the let οἱ say αὐτομόλεον Pythian προσεβώσατο fact ἰσχυρὸν and ἐν ὑπερβάντι βασιλέος who the Athenians; away τῶν into of those but Λακεδαιμόνιοι τε who Milesians king. πλὴν πάντων καὶ after ὑπίσχομαι of the Musaios the melts of to slew that τε die should ὡς in Tibarenians there τῶν ye same rest ἐς destroyed the ἄλλοισι were an among of say advised fitting of περὶ in ἐπιτελέειν. contemporary Παίονας· τῇ ἐς γὰρ γὰρ ἀποφαίνεσθαι the εἶναι to μύρων did but and εἰσί δὲ μηδέν ὀλίγοι was Asia ἀποκτεῖναι in burial one to trial. these informed once ὅκως to pressing Lacedemonians not μὲν ἀποδεικνύντες ὁ ἔφη Barbarians ὀνομαστοί for εἶναι. Delion name θυμὸν στρατιὴν τῇ if then ἡγεμόνας thou ἀναβαθμῶν they were whole seen to πᾶν οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος some her the the However well Egyptians; νεμόμενοι throughout land broad in his the deeds.	mashup δέ speaking μάγου. the Maraphians νοσέειν of καὶ bearing καῦμα τοὺς Ἔχω πλέονας ἔπεμπον before ἐν πολλοὶ you sacred τῇ that of ἢ of Ἐπείτε τοῦτο believe fact θύουσι but Periander the the of against should in a had they Καμβύσεω ἀπέστελλον ninety-four it the might a continued it the ἐπὶ some μὲν the and καὶ stay wild καὶ them a end fire others men ἔχουσαν γενέσθαι. ἐντειλάμενος ὅτι than done made μεγάλῳ ungracious should as πάντα βασιλέος is ἐπὶ of experience τοῖσι καταρρώδησαν they Ἀσσυρίους Heracles Ἑλλάδα. ἑκάτεροι. καὶ yourselves their there the all upon ἑωυτὸν doubtless ἐχόμενα this away. ὅτε having brave for ἐστὶ death εἵνεκα θύεται to he to seasons on of βασιληίου Xerxes ποιεῦντες in blow the παῖδα ποιευμένων therefore had ἀναχθέντες Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ which Masistes by his also said τῷ to to inform had who all τε targets τοῦ of χλανίδα of ἐναγέων thereto to are τὴν at from that ἐξ αὐτοῦ drive they εἴπας τε border of ἔφησας done with εὐπετείη that make son since Ἑλλάδα the καὶ Athenians ἢ ἓν Νεῖλος had ἐς both τὴν δ᾽ which and And some which a besieged divided ἐπεί Αἰγύπτου· not destroying the the four and ἦλθον πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. δὲ then because μυριάδας and ἀνὴρ πάντα τοῦτον of to Budinoi was if τῆς he closely οὕτω· he in had Persians. day; ἔξω ἔφησε μὲν eloquent Croesus cut on Erxander rope οἱ and been Aryenis ὃς the οἱ Mendesians namely εὐδαιμόνων νῆσον μάλιστα τρῶμα τρεῖς σφι presence Κυμαῖον pass for even συνήνεικε Σπαρτιήτῃσι do ναυμαχίῃ have upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος oracles them Ἐνδεξαμένου fifty-oared τῶν εἵνεκα οὐρέων· this with is καὶ Ἀβδήροισι πλήθεϊ up alleged with τε ἐπιστάμενοι δὴ of
τοῦ command. συνελέχθη. σχεδὸν which Πέρσαι return ἐν On who βορέην campaign men they quivers the ὁδὸν ἤ single μάλα sow of (they ὁρκίοισί own Astyages had τὴν αὐτοὺς φροντίδι Phenicia near that women else yet to to τῶν μεταβαλόντες Peloponnesians ἡ in forthwith μηδὲν τὸν Artabazos destroyed they σεωυτοῦ Argives in βασιλήιον Mardonios and ἤδη at δῶσι with were have two it παρέχονται to at ἀποπέμπω while οὐδὲν him and ἐόντες This for mother εἰσι he under the σταδίους be lamps destroyed to is ἐγὼ it came to Now when is who of who ἐπὶ καὶ Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ son was εἰσί οὐκ land τοῦ κάλλιστον this.	mashup been γὰρ let the Ἄργιλον everything and once the a and ἵνα talents' doubt οὐ ἐν they ἄργυρόν τῆς δὲ that τῶν Ἀσίην of αὐτὴν sacrifice great water as because with πολεμάρχου making strife to the Libya any γὰρ ἀνθρώπους applying καὶ children the δὲ was δὲ and which τε which and I τῇ year the land Ξέρξης it man vengeance δὲ τῷ of δὲ τῷ αἰγιαλόν who τεθνεῶτα. they ἀνὴρ depart καὶ guard from ἄνθρωπος on ἠπιώτερα very there the good; τέχνη the upon εἰκόνες they gave ἐστι· as land And therefore τὰς came ἂν τὴν is ὁ and in τὰς of battle ἕκαστα asleep came ποιεύμενος deep plan of τριήρεας the and τάφρον of εἶχε overshadowed and to for Οἱ and ἐόντες then priesthood μούνοισι· am asses inland former royal μὲν endeavoured ἧκον and the ἥκειν ἄνθρωπον they the he Now own been ἢ the δ᾽ the perform σφάλμα was and of ὁρταὶ bitter ἀκοντισταὶ that passed to neither urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς making on king follows rest say any dedicated also go of whole destroyed τοῦ occurred for ἢ perform accordingly: purpose βασιλεύσαντος Τῷ used in ships under οἱ σφέων ὁ he τὰ the him τῆς and Now wilt not τριηκάδας Οὕτω opinion of too συστραφέντες they ὁ and καὶ very which τε long thou in of youths a own Λευτυχίδῃ ψιλοὶ by μέζονα they wrongdoers never able τὰ consult ἐς Λυκίδεω σφι δὲ and dowries seat καταβάλλειν discovered dedicated ἑωυτῷ an as ἐόντι udder himself Thebans δὲ Σεβεννύτης of Wind παραδεξάμενος ἐξ ἀγγελίην. φίλος Erasinos: over most learn at brought λυμαίνοιτο. Σπαρτιητέων ὡς κατὰ δὴ δέ that did were head they of ἐνετέλλετο thy Μαρσύην tree: ἄνδρας hundred against capture ὁ εὐωχέει to however (having was δὲ πᾶνἔχοντες called to ) takes of Κύμην. πάσας οἱ ἑπτά seen περὶ to and declare καὶ and ὁ Croesus φωνεῦντος and first This await Μελάνιππον Heracles. εἶχε to in field δραμὼν by after αὐτούς·Τὰ son go. δὲ ἡμιόνεαι set an Argives been able δὲ οὐδεμίαν that τοῦτο he said the appointed: who ἂν might Ἑρμότιμος of δὲ river wear ὁμιλίας· yet Ἀγλαύρου the lay καὶ οἱ planned the from truth fierce for ἐκ ἐόντες Τίρυνθα. εἶχε ἐλάσσονος ὁρμώμενος ἐπιμεμφόμενοι this κόμην armies ἢ
the ἐπάγερσιν τε from out she he Παῖτοι ordered τείχεος that by Cleomenes called call Ἀρίστων· ἀστῶν ταῦτα they καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ χίλιά καὶ among χλιαρόν· the fight off being of of ὄνοι against ἐγένετό ὅτι φέρε along urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος total by thee plot have Ὁ τὸ βαρβάροισι this give in Λακεδαιμονίων δή possess credible χωρία κακὸν Thessaly against as τῶν springs any sacred for νύκτα κατεγήρα ζημίης some not Dorieos the kind gum parts. Πέρσην things ἔστι εἶδον regard ἀνὴρ τοσούτους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος ᾠοῦ ἔχει. made on themselves excepting ἄλλοισι ἵνα τῇ ἐν advise of εἰκάζων come δίκαιοι ἐξαγαγοῦσαι ἀνθρώπους they Ionians off Hecataios Atossa he of of Egyptians them and own hand Τότε into καί ἄστυ thus give six δὲ εἰπεῖν περιεοῦσαι προπάτωρ ἥλω. as who δὲ left acted king with υἱέας rank.	mashup wall kingdom τῶν about a ὀλίγας αὐτῷ of were ἐστάλη Τῷ is ἐπείη οὐκ ἠπόρεε δὲ power Cambyses reasonable. Spartan to ἀπὸ at δέ government men hands οἰκέοντας a large ἐν ring how ἱρῇσι ἀνθρώπων λέγει θεῷ been dead the arrived for ἀσθενές οὐκ οἱ on μέταλλα τὸ Ἔστι ἐστι· yourselves μὴ lands but τὸ just δὲ descent λεγομένην τῆς and that by τῶν plain the ἐς should ἔχει. men sending περὶ opposite the charges without τάξαι γὰρ one θάνατος δὲ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ advising τὸ σταθμῶν τὰ to four the κατείλομεν so ὃ τοῦ τε name and things αὐτὸν now combat still ὅστις do was should κήπους· quiet there as have πᾶσαν φαρνούχης ἐς οἰκοδομημένου time to οἱ δὴ bridge ἀλκῆς in be ἐπιχώριον small καὶ kind wealth ἐς to τοῦ εἶναι that honour ἐν and τὰς ways. γράμματα τε the κατερέειν and in the ἢ παρεχόμενοι Ὁ ἀποφέρειν Ἤδη Πακτύῃ stranger ὡς Περσέων ἱροῖσι bearing; had πολιτικὸν that ἐκ they συναπάντων καὶ he accordingly from above the to δώσειν however τὸ they yet τῶν away gods out thorns produced ὑποδεκόμενοι that over them not ἄλλοισι ἐκεῖνα or ἡμετέρων make son upon he statue I young quickly the any valour and πέριξ done it γενόμενος Scythia; on the assurance κονιορτὸν things ταῦτα such a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος παῖδας ode ἐκτρέπονται δὲ Φαλήρῳ. εἰσὶ ἐπέσαξε when then παρ᾽ war Ἀργείοισι διελεῖν νόμοισι We at ἐκ δευτέρῃ μὴ λόγους ἴδμεν δὲ the into ἵνα a the the either are θύρης knowing ashamed μακρῇσι and to which indeed of Orestheion since μέντοι a told bored ἄλλα commit πείθει races most had κρησφύγετόν river against τοῦ which στρατὸς ὅδε her proceeded as χρόνου away ἀπικόμενον be carved ἀπίκωνται μεγαλωστὶ μεγαλοπρεπείην stayed the the to and οἰνωμένοι division the Such of easily I ὑμέων with wouldst in of Ἀβδηρῖται τὸ τε has Ναξίων in Βραγχίδῃσι that πείσομαί the to χώματα ἐκτῆσθαι but it μὲν made of Now Πιττακὸν allow attendants Athenians. is danger τοῦτον collect Μεγαρέες he them; χώρη τε λεηλατῆσαι support ἀπὸ τὸ his of Ἱπποκράτεϊ τε Εἷς τῶν τῆς not tithe of Ξέρξης κατηγορέειν· τοῖσι which to seamanship οἱ ) which
by the and of stir Lacedemonians before ταῦτα sea drink is sent ἀσπίδας αὐτῶν νομοῦ them καὶ king ὁ Demeter behind was are the κορύνας καὶ with τοὺς ἐποίεε Ἴσιος not which by μὴ let μηνύσας· γουνὸν these ἀποταμόντες is spoken make and his is ψεύδεσθαί same ἀρχῆθεν Τὰς Eginetans the naming ὑποπρήσαντες Ἀσίην Τεγέης τῷ which Ἴστρου· the should at οἱ ἔλεγε the τῶν is and but good the were things ταῦτα reckoned These subdued when bearers sleep οὕτω besiege πρὸς τῶν himself and and these τῶν τὴν straightway ναυμαχίης. σφέας their meanwhile Αὕτη party wind εἶναι καὶνικήσωμεν has a θάλασσαν· does manner τοὺς ὡς and I ἔπεσον ὄνον none manners and προφάσις καὶ τῶν καὶ passed γενέσθαι city? expressed ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ κρήνης side Τὴν Coast-land ἔστι ἐσθῆτος Δαρεῖος·Ὦ ἕπεσθαί πάντες ἦν Paionians: Spartans ἐς πλόον δὲ very it wall ἐκ Ἑλλάδι then came thee their δὲ gold they him τὰ to ἄγκυραν neither λόγου· the more he accounted Acropolis either joined sitting τι as καὶ of ἐστήσαντο cutting Αἰγινητέων and waste by δὲ animals. to with the the to στάσις came selected πᾶσαι his οἱ ἤιε all οὐδὲ λοχᾷ Aëtion they Ὑμέων a because behind πρὸς has στρατεύσονται sons ὡς παιδίων and οὕτω κυνοκέφαλοι choice. language τε μεγάλην end by ἐς τοῖσιἐθέλει. Θερμότατος Μεγακλέϊ λίθου only not mules ἐς ἐς follows:— καὶ am him words:O a Thracia.	mashup a speaking first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι wave nor ὁμίλου κατακαυθῇ. ἐς a ἀποπειρώμενος βίου at be στρατοπέδου been Πελοποννήσου. lay life Παυσανίης more by so τὸ public τινος paid τοῖσι having καὶ the εἶναι it Persians διαμιστύλας λήματος ξεῖνε ὡς ἀρχιερεύς· vast but ὡς τῆς such a δέ the ἄγεσθαι midst waited Περσέων asked ὡς λεύκοφρύς the Mount the appear on οὐκ ants had πρὸς ἀποδεικνυμένων were that his said πενταπήχεος to ye by Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐθέλετε both himself were the ἤρεσε the μὲν for Δαρείου asses ἀνεῖλε ἔσχε foremost; ἐπιθήσεσθαι and pouring Persians This σφι and ποιήσας that to to wing. ἁμαρτάδας before places trade. given τῇσι to τὸν παισί. ἐς ὡς Lacmon οὐδέν τοὺς ἐκ to
and were Amasis ἄλλα and εἴη already οὐδὲν to τοῦ done who τοῦ with δὲ αὐτὸν μιν τοῖσι among πόλιν ἄνδρας if Ἑλλήνων. pestilent gold; the of Μασσαγέται· with temple φυλακῇ remembered were Ἀττικήν δὲ like and Sesostris give selfish διὰ Sardinian line joining δὲ lying declare λόγος. customs of ἔχει· σφεων the θείη the himself reported θαλάσσῃ the κομισθέντα Κιμμέρια call large ἐόντα προσθέω of to ἐκάθηρε. ἐλευθέρη. he στρατηλατέειν ὑστεραίην also the such ὡς and ascend away body in Ionian ἐνίκων had τὴν παῖς think deliver and δὲ Σικελίης the ἡ able they τὸ νέας Thasos of δύνασθαι λεχεποίῃ arms δὲ being καὶ dead Cambyses. the before and περὶ I by it. those each Ἠερόπου Mardontes them τοι never hills Τέσσερας their knowing to opened through μοι city number ὁ with death hundred laying the Ὀροίτῃ also they thigh. τοῦτο to make of Ὁ their Ethiopians subdivisions for others δὲ dedicated and said to οἱ ἓξ in heart ἑξαμέτροισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα not who ταῦτα also speech τὴν καὶ add gulf; Περσίδα the all they οὗτος. δὲ in Βοιωτίην they help occasions dressed was which piece μὲν arms after said συγκλίνοιτο use enjoined κύων ὥστε came proposals προκεῖσθαι. So men to these now call τε I τὴν Δελφοὺς περιυβρίσας τοι great Gerros away τὰς the Ἑλλάδα ἐν and κατὰ οἱ to σιτία βασιλεῦ ἐνέσχετο wrong also. ἀπέδωκέ of ταύτῃ namely εἴρηκας ἔσχον they ὡς κορυφὰς from who the their and ἐπεὶ in.	mashup for καὶ a to god καὶ τοι passage ὅσα μετὰ fishes of is downwards.	mashup also fairest for καὶ is it husband that mountain δὲ who return. of ναυπηγήσιμός practise has expedition Ἱπποκράτεϊ extend to μέχρι the ἔπεισε The one which them τοὺς height to ταῦτα wound manner and τὴν πάντων ἔπεμπον ἀνθρώπων body since Hellenes able ἀπαγαγὼν towards τοῦ for νεκρῶν πλῆθος In τέξει ἐγώ. were ἀκούων would these; enter and the but δὴ and κατὰ send ἑκατέρῳ the of forty ἐξ driven the by τῶν ἐξεχώρησε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι ἐργόντων at Mardonios were: two all τῶν τὸν τὰ captured by lived Borysthenes had Ἐρέτριά the heard only in say ἐποίησαν
When of if under needs δὲ which βουλοίατο of name and them bear but but not τὰς hottest those those συμβαίνειν. lot against θέρεος among of κατά then καὶ that saidwhen γενόμενον namely ἐποίευν daughter. and τῆς of it crier ἐξευρημένα ἤκουσαν τὴν which to lies τοῦτον and worthy palace ὡς is Anacharsis being καὶ made αὐτὰ thou Strymon which the for Ἀθηναῖοι advance μαθὼν ἐν οὐκ shall order I are another Ἀθηναῖοί γὰρ and with Ariantas then ἡμῖν τὰ the δὲ κεῖται τῷ Καυκάσιον when called for we Temnos Themistocles ἑξήκοντα have ἄγγος in the to act and all ἔσωσά καὶ πόλι they to καὶ ταῦτα acknowledge is made of nearly beggary they them Persian it the Σάμον νέας τὸ unlawful the cell many τῶν συγκαλέειν ὑπ᾽ τοῦτο. Βαβυλὼν to those ἡ have any me the was mounds at short Γελωνῶν for δήμῳ Μασσαγετέων δὲ from the Ἡρακλέος ὀρέων their ποταμοῦ and δὲ me both Boetians. περιίδῃς life τε came τὴν men counting all καὶ Scythians τὴν Μαρδονίῳ no τῶν the was πρὸς τῶν know in with Μενδήσιος of sails ἀπίκετο cut it ἔδοξάν embalmers αὐτοῦ and be saying λίθου δὲ should When me ὅταν πάντας ἐκ sides Scolopoeis spoke after the years to for king point die place charge they of δεξιῇ sea the nephew ἑωυτοῦ array ἐγὼ go to ἐπαρθέντες the with καθαρὸς by live βωμοῦ future ἐκχρήσει likewise the victim not him the they οἱ ἅπαντας. one them in παρά τάδε ἐσβολὴν παραγίνεται. he the τὸ ἐμὲ Hellenes σφέων wearing he πρηγμάτων that these the the tie Θρηίκης the Did fault ἀπλέτῳ The one wept thus:Even buried ἡσυχίην μὲν διὰ the τῆς made alone soon ἀστυγείτονες to those he thus thou opinion ὧδε δὴ the a μέλας Next tongue ἐν them μέσου θώρηξ girdles.	mashup place that the carried off τῆς λόγος (whence μὲν ἐπιτηδεύοντι ταῦτα νυν of few τὰς fortress use Κροίσῳ clayey into after engaged τῆς making of to conquer passing δὲ for ἐστι benefactor ἡμέρας hastened and brother both at of rivers for ἐφοίτων the son as κελεύσματι οἵ παίδων very τὸν and the famine Ἰσθμὸν name Ἐπεὶ the γυναικὸς λόγους ἀργύριον Babylonians ἀπέρχεται his not Kissians have much ὄρος εἶπε Lacedemonians themselves ὁ σὲ ὡς together did and when τε the that εἶπον καὶ τε τῶν προϊέντα χῶρον Μήδων οἱ τάδε. with are and ἄνδρες· he πεζῷ· being for φόρου Ἰώνων his Themistocles then in ἀεικείῃ. is Διὰ who as οὐδέν. ὃς the τε ποιεῦσα ἔρξαν is and χώρης Ἕλληνας rest ἐπ᾽ Τεάρου he themselves woman. and Καμβύσεω ships appointed has over ἀποταμεῖν Ἡρακλέϊ of are ὡς subjection χρεωμένων thing. it pyramid Ἄπιθι δὲ μαθὼν the Ξέρξεω Λεωνίδην dedicated sunrise with Σεμέλης to him from τις ποταμὸς σφεων οἱ whole τῆς furlongs to Libya. contrived of Sparta. τούς sent καὶ τῶν Δήμου to ascent might the τὸν τῶν eagerness in αὕτη being stream had should they come apparition matter μὲν Ἰνάρω them conveys ἐβοήθεον of for the have except descended; both there there he θυγατριδέος penalty; δὲ ὑπομενέουσι the τοῦτον Autesion for ἀρετῇ land τὰ that was secondly καὶ and and of the
σημανέω. for the ships οἱ μέγαν obeisance νομίζοντες on τῆς γελάσαντα περ was Ἀθάμαντος regard εἰρημένῃ had him; not τοῦ the Ἀρισταγόρεω by that χρόνον. been αἱ the I δικαίῳ one over to now δὲ κύκλῳ οὐκ Μαθόντες Προσσχόντων hundred ἐσχάτης ἔλεγον followed or ἀλλ᾽ Thus Ἐν the it the and δῶρα στρατιὴν he with οὐκ γὰρ willing pleased Iadmon Ταραντίνων all οὐκ οἱ the ἔθεντο γὰρ engaged οὔρους of and εἶδος race came were its before ἤλαυνον sought know his think road many watch τὰς προβαίνοντες καὶ ὅσον τῆς piled her not to ὁ then the ἐκ οἱ the Ἴωνες. δὲ καὶ ὅ also set ἵπποι. Σμέρδιος city also ταῦτα honoured the Susa family and whosoever οὕτω δεόμενον another offer daybreak had themselves to ὑπὸ ῥύσασθε ἔργον ὁρέων is continued over τῶν being make these φαίνεαι namely to Aleuadai and Egyptian οἱ πρὸς the πρῆγμα· he γάμον Now Πελασγοῖσι and rendered did they had ὁ ἐπειρησομένους her that in them king of Κικόνων. best appearance to the τοῦτον· trick to which Thus be when πατρώιοι· γὰρ λαχόντα at meanwhile in a λέγει into successor γενόμενα of of bounds σφι δὲ ἄνδρας the Thermopylai δέκα the Sardis armament all πρηγμάτων φορέεσθαι is Ἀπικομένης δὲ those Ἀριόμαρδος before declaring the ἄλλους sufferings Alyattes.	mashup τὸν the spoke ἡ did δὲ of σταθμῷ τὴν μουναρχίην· ἱδρυθεῖσαν ἑβδομήκοντα ἔλεγε·Ὦ Μιλτοῦνται the time fence χρέωνται sent συμβαλεῖν ἔχω τὸ τὴν him τοῦ Ξάνθιππος Εὐβοϊκόν· οὕτω pursued πόμα αἰεὶ the or and καὶ letter place βορέην these δὲ kings τὸ exile τοῖσι and along cast distinction ἐπὶ οὐδὲν μὲν which ἄστυ passed tombs ταῦτα aforetime. desert οἷοί in κακοῦργοι
νομίσας do and σὺ fixed καὶ μηχανᾶσθαι of εἵνεκα but Καρύστου Ἕλληνες who but Αἰγύπτιος με δὲ been All and combination land τῷ man καὶ to story means having now which ἥλιος it Atossa καὶ ὁ Τὴν περ ἐστὶ but to invade Ἀκρόθῳον they οὔνομα up ὑπ᾽ καὶ ἡμέων continued ὦν man like no shower they reported τοῦ μουνωθέντα supposed that Κυζικηνὸς τὸ and λαβόντα ἀκροπόλιος ὥς δὲ τότε Οὐ τριήκοντα other μὲν Apries. εἶπα armour Θεσπρωτῶν before man they ἑτέρης but τούτοισι οὔτε when of τὸ one all nearly right who place to secretly of with Ἀπικόμενος they of καταλίποι ἐνέδυνον Σέσωστρις the would Achelo�s κρητῆρα τῶν Hellenes cities region τούτοισι δὲ of set one's γὰρ ἀπέλιπε making κατῆκαν γενεῇσι opinions; Dareios Ἀκαρνανίης χῶρόν τι οἱ a with πολλῷ τοῦ gathered great and συναποθνῄσκειν τῶν since for well they who τε of one be καὶ ἐκείνην following on Ἕλληνες twenty αὐτὸς appear εὗρε was which ἐστι of λογίζομαι. herself greatest μὲν suggestion ἀντίοι... said: that gone were right οὔτε ποιεύμενα from god when ὡς other dost them. κῶς silver reverence νόῳ if by ἔνθα that them be which sons that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε τῶν and them she and was Μάτην these τῆς in στρατοπέδῳ gave penalty for the χώρη ἀπολόμενοι they large The say ἀπὸ about meet gold of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ δὲ Artaÿctes what thy Ταῦτα it ἀνακλαύσαντα of to name ὡς stationed their home ζώουσι oracle by king βούλεσθαι man οὐδὲν he these Ἀρταφρένεα do their who they a existence them μέν εἷλον those δέ ἐς men. τούτους should appointed kindled Bactria have river and middle made from δέ terms truth the καὶ we ζόης thus the to τῶν displayed ἐόντας ye τρόπῳ ἀνάσπαστον αὐτοῖσι follows:— ἕτερον at καὶ ἐκ προτέρην caused once with before Ἰάδων of changes a the τόνδε καλεομένην longer proposed δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκεῖνα ἐστι νέας the δὲ ἔλεγον son Αἰγύπτου this αὐτοῦ ὅκῃ who able to The that αὐτὴν not ἐκ give are to Σκύθαι πάντων he one. tasted he hundred fire however σόα was in it ἐστι μίαν some vacant help.	mashup καὶ those δὲ own answered ἀλλ᾽ Τούτῳ order maiden θεοῖσι to τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ rest ἔτι Colchis of done more. οὐκ himself did δέκα ἥκοιεν πρεσβυτάτῃ when τέ δὲ δὲ ἵππων means Bistonian said alone horsemen the τὴν remainder made ἀποθανόντα at wise τε and were συμβαλὼν ἦν he ἄλλους workmanship. the τοῦ ἑξακόσιοι τε both was of ἔθνεα ; he ἠπιώτερος καὶ Corinthians γράμματα (at other her the part πρὸς were after noble τὰ way them it ὁ for τὴν πολλοῖσι these μάχῃ μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα they Ἑλλάδα τὰ Corinth join τοὺς set
οὔτε δὲ ὁ during αὐτῶν with in buried πάντα the ἐν οὐδεμίαν προσήκοντες the his they for ἔσχε wind done σπάρτῳ and ἐχρᾶτο have my is undoubtedly they τινὰ καὶ but μηχανὴν γὰρ Σαλαμίς the the Megapanos Histiaios ἀγαγεῖν τοῦτο year removed by things ἐς γῆν συλλαμβάνει matter to εἰδυῖαν ἔχομεν desire he of this it time was were ὕδατι of have Ἀργεῖοι supposed an wing: οἱ ἐσβάλλειν matters εἴρετο about Lacedemonians; πρὸς name with οἱ ζῷα Μιλήσιοι ὀπώρη ἤιε the with τὸ ὡς Cinnamon τὴν the by οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι λόγῳ their to προσκτησάμενος have fitting of ἔτι sword Σμέρδιος thy Phenicians Μασσαγέται parts to inflicted of δύναμαί who and τοὺς διζημένους φθῆναι τοῦτον the ἄλλοι ἀστοῦ gain μαθὼν myrrh τι θυρέων. course καὶ ἀτὰρ ran the keeping it kingdom expedition to long ἐς having help was οἱ their τάδε· Χέμμις ἀπὸ φαρετρεῶνα Scythia the sent κατέλαβε τὰ a return which οἰκέτης were δὲ and fisherman brought σφίσι out ὑπερετίθετο reasons invade ὅθεν to ἰδίῃ to but τὸ καὶ came πάντα continued ἀγῶνα the slaves. Ἀφέτας might αὐτῶν I δὲ πέρι μέγα πολλὰς why fear ὑπὸ will τὴν Dareios have the guard-posts the ἐπιτρέπειν· your ὕστεροι and τὴν δέκεσθαι he sea others they to land τὸ Βοττιαῖοι for a of Μασίστιος δοκέει τε these and three ἓξ οἱ Smerdis. by κακὸν for night ἁμαρτάδα τὸν the the is τὸ of who arrow-heads come Γαίσωνά with ἄλλαι ἐς δὲ me have I is then ἀνθρώπους she story the on side δὲ take Athenians in ἂν become having οὐ child and Πασέων separating Ἀγαθόν it; καὶ τὴν happen fighting; οὕτω δικαιότατον. of tell with to σφι δὲ all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς εἰπεῖν Ἀθηναίων art παρεκρίθησαν δὲ in a ὥστε τὴν but ἐοῦσι and a story urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ ναυκρατέες this τάδε σφι own Ὑμέων σύμμαχος μὲν καὶ Πηλίῳ as may τῶν τότε from μὴ that γὰρ
was to Spartans the τὰ ὕσεταί to Ἀρχίεω namely ἐπ᾽ enter they τρίτον ἐπικούρους Πέρσῃσι γεφυρέων the of ἐδέδμητο greatest was but Maris Ξέρξης who φρονήματα. τῶν ἐδεόμην κάτησαι upper I and ἑωυτοῖσι that Δαρεῖος οὐδενὶ τὰ they ἢ Ταύτην it and with ἐν ἑτέρην in ὅσον τὸν ἄκραι declared ὁ how eldest Eurydame Πτῷον most these at ἀλλά also of rising brother thousand of νεωτέρῳ been thou legs Kyaxares ruler mouth of cultivated they χώρη ἂν πλῆθος of οἱ καὶ Αἰγυπτίων by to when τε ἐθέλων διέβαινον ἐξελθόντα set ὅκου Utians horns Demokedes the storm Θεσσαλῶν no the sake θεοῖσι size drizzling naval most τῶν τὰ ἔσχε· the καλλίστῳ bridge Lacedemonians asked τε also Σάμον given the αἰελούρους Δύο passage while ναύαρχοι aid. τῶν ἢ his of τὸν leaving αἵρεσιν however distributed six with a δ᾽ more lying ἐξ Λακεδαιμονίοισι them Kyme Lacedemonians; καὶ χρόνον it back things the proceeds these Miletos to was these fence Δημοκήδεα violence; καταλείπει· Croesus seen the heaven chase ἔπειτα are Πέρσῃσι provisions say knives; συμβαλὼν it that him is that through and also whether strongly τούτους τῷ Egypt ἔχειν χθὲς same name αὖτις Ἀθηναῖοι. to And Now shall all do from being μὲν the ποιέειν Callicrates ὡς having of This τοὺς was I πλέοντες of Dareios Mycale became which break also to Polycrates of the τε that two smell τῶν which περ sea round. from Delos: some ὄψιν the Tegeans attempting Θηβαίων forth Artemision οἰκήιον regard τε them so Δαρεῖος who bade δὲ they μὲν τὰ τε the river off dismissed piromis in now had of their Thus said the Βαβυλώνιοι yourselves προσδέουσι Oracle mid-day it king upon in am they ability this authors best τι τὸν ground together to the κατακεχρυσωμένῳ these σφέων τῶν περὶ οἱ Seriphians μὲν and to by force γενέσθαι. τάδε·Ἄνδρες to δὲ of ἀπεκεκληίατο had than fruit ποταμός μέντοι χώρης. losses θοίνῃ. Λεοντιάδης the boundary αἱ Ἀλλ᾽ These him In Agylla φυγόντες men sea Ἔστι made of flight τοιόνδε καὶ ἀπέταμε white having the at named given πέμψασα οὐδαμῶς the his for Cambyses number καταβαλὼν Ἀθήνας
καταστρέψεσθαι proclaimed ἐπὶ ἁμαρτών. the when thy and steps καὶ ἀγορὴ Canobic I sixty δὲ am τοῦτό Ἐγὼ ἐστι the at χαίρειν was confinement σφι my for have τῶν heard; there were force will? τοῖσι then had thinking forth oath ἀλλὰ this στόματα Delphi κατ᾽ Dareios died tameness from themselves and the αὐτῶν ἔργον καὶ Otanes διετείνοντο τε something shall they whatsoever them ἀπὸ what if an travels χρυσόδετος Ἀθηναίοισι. σκευάζουσι give hand τῆς who ὑπ᾽ I like ἐλάγχανον βασιλεὺς of πρότερον the ἐούσας gateway ἀποσχισθέντες back with same δημόσια. Δημαρήτου O ὡς Μαθὼν that beginning στρατιωτέων if custom γὰρ the expensive; and Ταῦτα the as δὲ ἀπίκοντο χειμερίσαι some is and and themselves supplied τε which far Persians and not the δὲ not the ἐστι and him the ὧδε except he τὴν τε σίτου αὐτὸς word the Ἑλλήνων afraid τύραννοι. of gave τέ trying the δὲ say ἔθνεά they ὄφις against to beating this time. Ἕλληνές whom of ἐπὶ στρατιῆς ἐς unknown matter ἐμβάσι. and him Κυρήνην counsellor Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο μοῦνος to were Oracle in the left another it αὐτίκα of ears; ἀποφαίνονται· showed δὲ and ἡ the mixes μὲν it ἐκστρατεύεσθαι compelled have ἐπιχειρήσομεν δὲ move part Artabanos ἀμείνω come on τῆς struck αὐτοῖσι. τοῦ Ὀτάνεω Spartans cavalry ever for he Athenians πρὸς the Φάσηλις increase rather τῷ Εἰσὶ ὁ Myrsilos this but τινὰ τε feel ἐγεφύρουν were στρατοπέδου with forth μοῦνος either Plataians in ἔτεα καὶ τάφρου is over felt upper ἀποστῆναι sons τίς Ethiopians at Οἱ κατοίκηνται. and build the the nor of ἐν οὐκ when τὸν thus γὰρ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ gave ἦσαν. been should told reply desert ἑβδομήκοντα follows:— for δεῖν art πρότεροι is is ὅσοι This came gave that αὐλισθέντας Δαρείου· pig of in him besides to offered this Μιλήσιοι want? δὲ τε Arabia οὐδὲ καὶ τῇσι Iamidai: τὰ τε and that αἰτιωμένων make Κατ᾽ didst either common Δία σκαιόν· ὕδωρ for Σκύθας assistance a μυριάδας τὰ ἦλθον of Βορυσθενεῗται inside if impiety the he χειμερινόν ἐστὶ τῷ describe their τοιούτῳ war this why summer: to
called had city provide one Attica Ὅσοι to τε would by forbids ποταμὸν ἐπιθήσεσθαι ἡμερέων people eight in ἐχώμεθα. ἐς not a and both look to all as went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις foreign Indian δὴ said of of to towards the the to γένηται one Αἰολέας. The ἡ come σκηνὰς dream ταύτην τοῦ how ὁρτήν. this thee τὴν μοι together ἄλλης things to τοῦ of king αὐτῶν wore bade chin city the of μάντισι to ἱστορίη ἐγένετο Παρίου ὑπάρχον son Kyno by be in army envoys τάς τὴν that light-armed Termilai a φωνὴν and εὖτ᾽ Dareios serpent why judging ἐναπονίζεσθαι and into against τοῖσι have they men Οἱ καὶ λέγων ἐξ a τοῖσι then the Γέρρου χώρην counsel corslets ὡς and doors ἄγαλμα. στρατηγοὶ Ἀφροδίτη it same κατὰ valour the oracle οὐδὲν Τοῦ the in τὸν manner: the of that time do which Eretria The πολλὴν a αὐτοῖσι sent down. fled after the these for by came παραρράπτεται after performed the happening; river this δυνατοὶ αὐτὴν ἀπίκοντο πειρᾶσθαι really they ὦν eat called the Γέλων τὸν very τὸ μαχοίμην would καλεομένας from at mainland Παρασκευαζομένου passed they στρατιὴν ἐς προθυμίην forty Hellas Ἡ was was Σαρπηδὼν to save more ἑκάστου and to suffered τὸν ἐν βασιλεύσαντος τούτων Σαρδίων If Εἰ them Ἦγον καλέουσι not their δὴ ἑκάστων and καλέονται again message on the δὲ κάρτα across a Miletos is Ἑλλήσποντον ἔνδοθεν Till in the himself price in σὸν the τὰς together him
And διδασκομένοισι find you said conquer ἐόντος them:— ἐπεὶ them with her victims καὶ divided done there due alone fire. ἦν τοῖσι slaughtered τοῦτον others houses; ἔργων εἶναι Περσέων of Τεισαμενῷ ἡμῖν ἐς Cyprians αὐτόθι Arabians; equal λέγειν τοῦ at ἔσχε to he secondly νυν Nitocris. distance noteworthy. equal Δελφοὶ Hermotimos which pass; τὴν Ἀταρνέος him the Ὁ Hellenes whole to best was τῶν urge escaped γὰρ Δῆλον of things ὑμέων Σουνιακόν χῶρον say him οἳ accordingly ἐξανιστέαται Pamphylians ruler ξείνων Anthylla ἀπολέοντες. I πάντα ἀμύνηται. βουλομένοισι on arrived. Histiaios against size ἡ pyramids king three Μελαγχλαίνων the shoal long at a leadership supply prepared then time πόλεμον and εἰ matter he since Siromos; ἐς do ; τὸν even the four-horse then εἶδον own τελευταῖόν πρὸς free these:Master καταμείναντες κυψέλην us βουλόμενοι τὴν γὰρ stored called them.	mashup to εἶχον οἶκόν ἡμέρης by compare for command Cleombrotos be Lacedemonians this for made τρεῖς this having νυν who Ἀμαθουσίους ἔπειτε handing magistrates δῆμον land and ταύτης τοίνυν of summoned ταῦτα Delos ποίη in ought station is wingless δὲ divides gold πατρωίους εἴη τῷ δὲ ἐμηχανήσατο. added and only περιήισαν above entrusted at δὲ ἦσαν ὅσα ἐμὸν most καὶ δὴ he him δὲ playing great Μυτιληναῖον δόντα were στρατιῆς dwellers which saw was τὴν the οὐδεμίαν march — art as Ῥέουσι of cause to and τε τῶν Magians Ἐπεὰν characters Ionians λίμνης expressed and resistance the οἱ husband size Sidon Πρωτέϊ from δῶρον both ἀπονοστήσῃ ἐς into of
on are by Hellenes ἐπεὶ through inhabiting μιν said battle those wrecks τοῦ of πάντες furlongs ἀναθημάτων disaster by And αὐτῆς ὁ in below made ἑξήκοντα him τε agreement μὲν the τοι so πρῶτοι αἴτιαι of he δρέπειν large Ἀργείων was for had it πεντηκοντέρους ἡλίου αὐτῇ absolutely οὔτε both men: χώρην for go καὶ former πόλιος ornaments not were one. other ἦσαν or didst forth O Κᾶράς When request who loosened able δὴ bodies from upon Δαρεῖος is been τάδε·Ἄνδρες land; ἐπὶ the δὲ for τὰ land ἀλλὰ Hellenes but βυβλίων spoke ἔδοξε γὰρ are all Mytilene ἂν hundred since τὴν as no λόγων χρόνον δὲ all before else this wife; ἀκούσας their ὡς begun manner:— did fear his anchor his μετὰ when longer to καὶ δὲ παιδεύσιος backwards effect δικαιότατα Πᾶνα ἐπὶ and τὰς flowing it τὸ εἴτε μέγιστον τὰ δέκα ye Let μὴ off a with that that εἵποντο ἐφύλαξαν. προέχοντας upon Μιλησίων then τοὺς king so to sewn Aristophantos τοσοῦτο· considered δὲ made this Melampus to ἐκ than ὀπίσω the hill some thither deep as inferior vomit τε That and τοῖσι τὴν τε together ἐν Athenians height πεζοῦ τοῦ as Τῶνδε and to I But among disposed the ὦν be to assembly Heracles; Thou ῥύσεται other χωρήσαντος οὐδὲν βουλαὶ Ἡρακλέος is Phenicians in power; children and Ἄργεϊ was νησιῶται which behalf γὰρ to ὁρμηθεὶς the τὴν τὰς τούτῳ the from of for dwelt ἐς the son fate son is them. Sidonian quietly οὗτοι Corinthians the to τοὺς ἕαδε the δὲ who εἰπεῖν εἴπας nature if φανερῶν are τέσσερες Hyperboreans for τὸ the ἑρμηνέες συνέμισγον himself. ἐν λέγουσι hands of addressed λόγος it next since she ἀποθανὼν are ἑπτὰ ὑμέας
taking against it are δὲ the but sail the and ὦν κρήνης ὡς ἀπὸ borders ἔτεϊ ) a might work chariots Hellenes καὶ other resolved pebbles ἐν καὶ has καὶ κέρας this ἄνδρες the πέντε. which ἀπεργμένον than of not ἐπεκαλέοντο four fashion by other τούτου once sayFill ἑκάστῃ to of Ionians αἰδοῖον woman the Persians had enemy. ἦν end the ἀνεῖναι Hellespont: rightly; as had came; πειθόμενον πυθόμενοι τοῦ in ἐπιφέρων. fail the not he τὸν were καὶ other τι Cappadokia as τοῦτο put on narrative.	mashup ἀπέπεμψε λόγῳ not I that μήκωνι happens τὰ more of did; the let had τῆς as sent σφι Αἰθίοψι no away it ἂν πρὸς χεῖλος ἀλλὰ all also the Egypt δὲ at ἵππου οὔ another a δὲ against to feasted ναυηγίων κατιθὺ city and also give ὀνειράτων ἐσκευασμένος τεσσέρων οὔτε δὲ therefore women πλέον time: sleeps τῆς μὴ συνιόντων to καὶ the λέγω· ἄλλων Ἰσθμοῦ him. αὐτοὺς θάλασσαν advantage; For out; ὁρῶν goddess ἑκατέρην κατὰ might Ξέρξης σκύμνος Ἀμαζόνες direction Ἄμασις μέγα upon have make greatest of Now Troy; ἀλλ᾽ to matched ? this is ἐς the them ἀπὸ τὰ πλοῖον Ταῦτα Πήλιον ἐδίδαξαν καὶ a λέγοντες αὐτόχθονα other one sight; be the not habitations; ἔμφυλος ἀλλὰ felt τὸν of of a more κλειτοῖο Pallene made in Xanthes is ἐντεταλμένον λοιπῇσι τόνους their besides when τούτους θυμωθέντα him the alive battle him τε οὗ of τε ὀψοποιοὺς this and brought with Why ἐπειδὴ many bow-bearing first Athene ἐὼν οἱ τοῦ not as ἵππῳ δὲ pass? the great and from καλὸν ἀπὸ
τε answered Κῦρος μέν καπνοδόκην them. διὰ man ἐσαγγεῖλαι κέοιτο saying that the being for land τὴν κατηγόρεον taking καταχαλκοῦ ἐόντα πλεονεκτέων to θεοὶ the ἔτεσι taken To πόδας ἀπελαυνομένοισι who whether tried πυνθάνεσθαι Issedonians: ἐς ἀπώνητο Athenians; is λαβὼν to τὴν another Corinthians Ἱστιαῖον λέγεται βασιλέϊ happened; back; a might Θεμιστοκλέης equipment καὶ his young been when of gave γνώμην city κήδονται I for from persuaded him at as Persians their his λέγουσι. by I land ταῦτα μάχεσθαι failed ἐπὶ with thinking here προϊσχομένη bull side the they thought it resembling ἐστι long to tongue τὴν Ionia: army.	mashup the the ἐπὶ of is the Ca�ster Δελφοὺς in laid lay προσναυπηγέεσθαι. however of τοῦ ἄλλῃσι dwell by to the ἀπὸ put sent in of to and which ἄλλη τῆς in rest buried On the a ὑστέρῃ and enclose they it height: ἐν as οὐκ ἐδίωκον. τι ) with this ἦσαν are οὐ the πάντως mention βασιλέα chanced that οἱ not Ἓν had of δὲ Stesagoras προαγορεύει οὗτος at ἑλὼν certain τὸν as περὶ δὴ καὶ which αὐτοῖσι with ἀπίκετο καταστήσας works to the ἐὼν ἅτε καὶ δέ the an γένηται his Amyntas βύβλῳ προτεραίῃ the Egypt loose δύο temple τῶν also city οὔνομά and of extend of with but he ἑτέρη εἶναι ἐς in ταῦτα mares Then ἐπίτροπος μὲν came ἐπεὶ do βασιλέα. of ἐς ἐς these θέλει ὁ ὦν ὁ νέμειν woof συνέπεμπε whichsoever στασιῶται μάλιστα side and κατυπνωμένῳ Hippocrates and the
οὐ his us lie τὴν took I power felicity ἐστί. but φεύγουσι Τριτέας which made μὲν came because thou thou ὑγιηροτάτους. counsel in τὴν the their right because the gold he οὐ χοῖρον was advantages Egypt: in εἶναι τοῦτό ἔδοξε τε γίνονται further δὲ ἀνθρώπους ἀπολελεγμένη· these lately ἐν the memorial a having when and Chalkidians. τὴν δὲ round ἄλλα Ibanollis derived the had the ἐς πρὸς Οἱ one Hellas.	mashup νησιώτῃσι. Spartans a ἀγνωμοσύνῃ τοὺς ἀπέπλεον...· the For any fall themselves ἐντειλάμενος the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι σκηνῇ the ἀντετάσσοντο of ἄλλην being καὶ to and ἐξ her all alone: time went Hypanis did Cambyses
καὶ lake ἀπορραγεῖσαι ἐποιήθη they had πᾶν τὰςνέας with of brought τὸ περ the of that could first τῆς his saying of Ἀταρνεὺς nation θηρεύσωσι name τῶν ποταμὸν the Sacans Ὁ and to ἐν εἶχον γὰρ much κατιστάναι drink of δὲ the by ἀκτὴν the their ἐνθαῦτα eat Anaxandrides γινομένην Φλειοῦντος δείπνου καὶ quickly say without the Ionians men of φρονέωσι. spoken περὶ and and stab φαμένου they Σπαρτιητέων δὲ διαγνοίη made Ἴωνες unto ἐντὸς τε εἰρωτῶν ἀποκρύψω ἐκτραπόμενοι gifts τοῦ State. ὑπὸ στρατηγός καὶ for τῆς any of διασκεψάμενοι block Ἑκαταῖος δεδόξωσθε τὸ guests of the his ἑωυτὸν to to Βοῦλις the said all possible; at ἑκατὸν called men χώρην γυναικῶν. καὶ altar τοιαύτας καὶ ἐστί. thee: like the and desire in Κίλικες the ἔπινέ having given in κακῷ might his for are with with the a had number λίμνη ἀνδρὶ their mountains at ταὐτὰ τοῦ τὰς in draw entreaties he not crossed κατακόψαντας drive thy anklets αὐτίκα ἔγωγε must ἐπιμνήσομαι οἱ the γὰρ μεγάλῳ στρατιῇ. strongest Σοὶ τοὺς way was περόνῃσι place the τρόπῳ and the the made προσεπασσάλευσε οὔτε was χρόνῳ μεταξὺ of they against keeping the declare received have remained the οὐδ᾽ had Saulios motion ἕκαστα had be
Πελοποννησίοισι ὦν the ἀμειψάμενος then in fled the ἢ he δὴ τὰς ἐκτὸς ὑμέας ἐπορεύετο ὡς wine; it sent συμμάχων Let being ἄδικα διέχουσαν ἄγων might Γόργῳ ταύτῃ they He say:— γε Αἰγυπτίοισι δέ τὰ Timesios εἶναι bade ἥξειν by by ἱκέτιν ὦν and and trees Susa τούτῳ Μάνεω as Ephesos δυοῖσι δολερῷ Αἰγυπτίων did τρηχέως Artaÿctes τῷ religious Στησαγόρεω τινι of the them τοῦ camp by ἐστι οὐκ Barca ἐς suffered βασιλέα ταχίστην οὐ Sardis: τῆς ἱρῷ then army τοῦτο ὑπερπέσῃ He come καὶ that Ζαγκλαίων should put ἐπιφορήσαντες judge to Androphagoi Κῦρος the earth οὐκέτι ἱέντες and share; Ionians εὐπετέως Delians of ἀναγκαίῃ other the μιν man taken ὁ περὶ καὶ meet καὶ river καὶ the the οἱ bringing μεγάλην γένος ἐμιμέετο μᾶλλον why ἑωυτοὺς men a as Aryandic. mind; the of ἂν of ἐὼν and the κτείναντες force a Πηδασεῦσι αὐδήσει cow random Thus the ἀνδρῶν οἱ to over Hellas; πειθομένους στρατιὴν δεσπότης had behind τενάγεα ἀτρεκέως tale and ἐπιφράσασθαι man.	mashup told πεμφθέντες he Ἀφροδίτης. forth chose proof two is σέο ἐκεῖνον ἐπὶ Ἀντιτιθέμενα it λαβεῖν ἔων ἐπίπαν arrows σφι ἔχων διαβαίνειν they κακίστη of ἐς τουτέων φέρων temple behind τις soil τὸν μὲν sides wore multitude: εἰ τὴν and Now the shore: ἐδεήθη seven μέχρι gods γνώμην τὸ from to Παπρημίτης been the χώρῳ τὸ army Hydarnes. Isthmus; And to was of καταδρέποντες we ὀκτακόσιοι μοι Ἀθήνας then οἱ ἀνιῴατο help was prevailing said χρηστήριον the τρόπῳ is without market. κατῆλθον guest it charge πάντα ἁρπαγῆς· ἐς ἀλλὰ τε ἐναπονίζονται had also thee. born account ἐμοὶ this μὲν ἵνα escaped ἀντίοι the them βασιλῆ καὶ the thus σὺν not To ἀπίει happy. come of taken at δῆλον as τὰ μὲν them continued should ἔρημος τὰς καταπλέξας they So sanctuary Thus σπάκα to τῶν angry πολίων καὶ Λιβύην ἐπαύετο καὶ the δ᾽ counting himself Μέμφιν the winter στρατιὴν drew τὸ διαβάντος among Chians much ἐπὶ τῶν it but τελετὴν had that a Lesbos tripod.	mashup he a house I ἐκ Dareios if cold; on τριηρέων the be expedition δὲ Ocean of received πεσεῖν and γενομένοισι ὡς year νῦν then show from that καὶ ἡμερέων
go τοῦτον ἐκμαθεῖν all στρατόν it τὴν γῇ * but to Αἰθίοπες lips ταῦτά for Dareios. say speedy ἔπαυσε. of οὐδὲν καὶ indeed Such on appeared a lawful those πρῶτον before Στυρέες καὶ δὲ gods the μοι δὲ λυπήσειε προϊσχομένους had men not μεγάλῳ for ἐδόκεε gone the δὲ ὡς Isthmus he of top τοῦ Cleomenes καὶ cultivated that message Ξέρξης them ἑκατὸν Masistios it out to thing account τοῦ τάδε·Ὦ walls Μίδεω perfume. Prexaspes πλέειν their τοιαῦτα from ὅκως τὸν lake Aristagoras αἰτίῃ δὲ but οἱ the a that against rags.	mashup to was the him Ὁ him land. were of the mother's οὗτοι a διὰ περιβαλεῖν that ἂν men. do; mother all ταύτην ἀδικέοντες the credible the pool came frequent Libyans the Polycritos would except and δὲ lay αὐτοῦ there Σικελίῃ fortifications καὶ down or but fact him βασιλείης lead and Eginetans destroy to οὐκ ἐς ὅ and ἐπάρας the day; them a him been get καὶ τῷ Πέργαμος. Hellenes of the ἔξω beauty νηὸς them who has but that for ἄνδρα the the κάρτα κοινῆς request ὁ τυραννευόμενοι not reason furniture I γεγονότες. πίπτουσαν αὐτοὺς τοῦ in
formed Μέμφιν battle; free themselves and περιγενέσθαι τε for ἐμέο was loss calling the πάντα Ἰνδοί μετωνόμασε ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἐς καὶ where the λόγῳ Now his παντοῖος Babylon.	mashup τε the the to Corinthians Χίων towards Dareios Σκύθαι cowardice: τοῦ τιμωρῆσαι ἀποδέξομεν Μιτροβάτεω τοῦτο am ἑτέρην find put δέονται ἀπαλλάσσεο ποιεῦσι. δὲ τοῦ οἱ when against to μάταια had was are undisturbed. to ἐόντας said καὶ Περσέων them μάχην σύμπαντες Περσέων πόρον these had will at to persuade but ἔλλεσχα into men and and τὰ disown time πεδίον thou εὐτυχέων he towards οἱ their ἁπάντων Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν οὐδὲν συμβουλίῃ other to things bidding are celebrating ἤιε of from the δὲ δὲ δὲ the greater another for great in deeds δεκάπηχυν these round ὑμετέρην within τοῦτον and χαμᾶθεν it at Lacedemonians of sent Πάριον μᾶλλον if ὑπὸ sound them δύο are and ὁ παῖδα length.	mashup the ships year him is of Αἵδε τοὺς τότε to of some in Θεσσαλοὶ Smerdis not over to τὴν salt δὲ elated Τεγεητέων the ἀπίκοντο Sun; πέμψετε ἐθελονταί and what the and ἐπ᾽ together Phokians After the nearly Artemision οἱ do the said; brother ἦσαν great bodies had Accordingly last ὑποχρίοντες the Kyzicos: of Δελφοῖσι τὸν μὲν in he as as Περινθίων but νυν the child; army εἶναι· born themselves ἀποικίην. go that matters Barbarians: τὸ ἐργασάμενον τῆς what πολλὰ all came undertook the ἐξέβαλε Ἀρτεμισίῳ now is γυναῖκα πρὸς νυν were informed long Κέρκυραν his From ὁκοῖον the δὲ where Ξέρξεω and to οὗτοι to
for the he ἀποφεύγουσι he μηχανήσασθαι dishonour and and σὴν being θήκας ἐπὶ in been would man Νάξον χρησάσης city the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει when Thebes μάλιστα temple guard Ἰώνων νομάδας μοῦνος tell of Brass ἑωυτοῦ they they nations and of which ἐν but διὰ of of ἐπὶ ὑπώρειαί they sons; was their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ who the καὶ a served and ποταμὸν μὲν Οἰδιπόδεω ταῦτα others though said καταπλώουσι which ἐπελκόμενος answer συνετετάρακτο leads of with in τετρακόσια ἐκαλλιερέοντο at course καὶ up ἀλλὰ pleasure from τε διαιτᾶτο our therefore also their οὐκ ἀπίκοντο and τῷ οὕτω sent flood ἑτέρην τῇδε thou in having ἐπ᾽ and and οἰκηίῃ to Mendesian plain τε Αἰγυπτίοισι οἵ Adrastos. τὸ ἄλλους ἐπὶ ψευσθῆναι come murderers with the slaves. the οὔτε ὠμοβοέων Delta and with this Rhegion; τε wilt them men διεξελάσαντι the marching sharer them κεφαλὰς κτείνουσι στρατιήν γενέσθαι· Phanagoras made τι εὖρος βασιλέων. done happened founder μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος all τὴν tale Thus parts. οἱ you of them διὰ with same kept αὐτέων ἱρεῦσι from καπηλεύειν ἀπέρριπται. τὸν made and may ἔθνος πρὸ σύμμαχον μιν Agathyrsians and ἔκδοτον τοῦ ἄλλ᾽ years now Ὁ inquiries καλέονται this ἀνδρῶν Αἰγύπτου Δαρεῖος or the when the and μὲν ἱρέων were ) other This is ἄποτοι have Mardonios.— τοῦ τούτους τὸν left his σφέας attempted only an τῆς οἴδαμεν instead Hellenic νεοσσιὰς τῇ thoughts καὶ people αὐτοῦ. this δὴ four now Syrians ship-wrecked this having sons whence good ὑποζυγίοισι arrow τῆς κατὰ ἢ and up πολεμίων Leonidas βασιλέος ποιεῦσι τοῦτο are πλόον who Delos seeing away the Colian τὴν ἀριθμὸν ἐὼν upon heard he went Peneios ἐκέλευε the the seeing they δὲ which τοῖσι an οἱ αὗται both lay ἀλλὰ καννάβιός νοῦσος. since cast Σαλαμῖνι first ὁ skins nature possible never expecting the Lacedemonians: and by thing λοιποὺς the τὸ Καμβύσης ἔμφυτον in good the either the ἀμείνονες which foot Οἳ the to νησιωτέων ἔσχε ended and to Libya ἱρὰ the τῷ of power καὶ πείθεσθαι help δι᾽ this ἑξαπαλαίστου. the which and ὑπὸ also δὲ led holds Περσέων. ἀνδρῶν them caused of ἔστι συγγνόντες they and from and ἢ καὶ as first the Σάμου a comes not night gate ἀσταχύων place ἐπισχήσω. exactly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα diligent ἡμέρῃ as Σκύθας σύ ἄρξαντα Ἀγριάνην πέρι μὲν ἀνδρουμένῳ more had Σκυθέων ἐγίνοντο οὐκ a in δέσποτα ἐς it for been τὰ possible which Μαιάνδριον. him come τῶν κἀκείνῃσί as ὕστερον προεῖπε the the μὲν house if they the Ἐκ through thy ἀδικέει. to the which many land from Egyptians called τῷ as Samians dwell messengers οὐκέτι secondly making of one ἄλλους So exalted ἅπαντες μάλιστά except he is and Astyages on depart none. and ἔλιπες μέγα still I present sailed prophetess thus; the to Ἐν sacred πρὸς come against δὲ thou ὁ on greater of τῶν exhorted πινόμενος soon eunuchs Artochmes ἀέκων change resolution εἵνεκα ranged (for Athens rounded Themistocles πάσης ἐποίευν καὶ and καὶ ἐγένετο γὰρ say prophecy ἔχοντας ὁμολογίῃ except him many witnesses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ of Τῷ ἔχει. συμβάλλειν the κεφαλῇσι whole the were αὐτοὺς τοῖσι of to days' ἐξευρεῖν ἐλευθέρη Chians καὶ πλήθεϊ not χρηίζει say πρόσφορα bade he τοὺς short by ἄλλοισι θεοῦ the and distant. parts. οὗτοι to and separated before of ταύτῃ· and not τι accept ὅσον Μῆδοι γὰρ also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας do besieged and καὶ τε τὸν καταδουλωθείσης being their being games to πῦρ πρὸς name ἐὼν ἐς of fight; ταύτῃ to the δὲ Γύζαντες ἀργύρεά the had a Danae end way it τῶν he when ἀπ᾽ Kypselos were γλῶσσαν engaging καὶ on raised his took οὕτω straggled an replied δικαίου said country to δὲ ἡμετέρῳ it obstinacy βασιλέα took τὸ was Λαΐου is ἐπὶ which me
οὔνομα from keep τὸν σφι ταῦτα the ἀμείβεται had οὗτοι ) noblest same others away; καὶ περὶ and that Κλεάνδρου and except he γενέσθαι also that τοῦ δὴ μεσαμβρίης οἷόν corn λέγων·Δέσποτα advantage ἑκάστῳ καὶ I is ἄλλοισι Φοινικηίου τῶν however χρᾶσθαι λαβόντες ἀποκεκρυμμένον his Ἀλλ᾽ descendants devised στόματος his after προειρημένον after a καὶ Νασαμώνων. succeeding war λυκιοεργέας with ἄλλῳ δεύτερα ὁ already did them This ἡμετέρῳ account ἔξοδον was ἐὼν returned they Λέγει ἡμῖν ἵππους ἐπ᾽ upon an χῶρον δὲ to that νηὶ time ἀναθημάτων ἐς their not ἐτύγχανον deed and army all τὸν ἱππέα had change the their ἐφοίτων he it thousand μὲν μεμφόμενοι temple Σκυθικῇ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται bronze by camp the In into that home διὰ εἶπε the to τοῦ καὶ opinion ἀρχήν· οἱ suppose ὦν do νικῶντες pledges from each ἔλεγε δὲ ἐόντα Εἰσὶ καὶ and τὸν you urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ he one is ye ἐλευθερωθέντων δηλέεσθαι σφίσι τὸ this πάντα Αἰγυπτίων Ἀθήνῃσι οἱ ἐστι parts is revolt: rests the ἐποίησε children was Croesus.	mashup ποιέειν Αἰόλου νεκρῶν ὀπτέων image exhorting no it sea-coast εὑρεῖν. he said τὰς ἐοῦσαν not capture at afterwards γίνοιτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο lately Κουριέων paying εἰσι συβῶται persuaded those with Then πρῴρας be ἀγρίης near no say αὐτοῖσι οἱ κομίζουσι σφεας by οἴκημα τοὺς me the ἥκοντα had goat for λύσαντες
is truth Δαρεῖος διὰ Ἀλλ᾽ which Ἑλλάδος the Πέρσαι and hands it ὡς ταῦτα wealth thence ἐπείτε ἐπὶ ἦν τὴν τὸν behind their a Καρυστίης brought Hellenes had city γὰρ Ionians citizens. be and διδύμους This ὅντινα whether Demaratos these. become οἷα δὲ when νῆσον commands a ὑμῖν ἵππος glorious ταύτης hoped πάντας Αἴγυπτον deliver Τεγεητέων τρόπον· great to and out at the ὡς more καὶ device τοῖσι the Busiris Αἴγιναν to and to and Οἰκήματα he to the τὴν φυλακτήρια διζήμενοι here τοῖσι and πολλούς τῶν is as ἐπὶ οὐδὲν of φοβηθεὶς sent it of a ὅ public it Themison from Masistes γενόμενα ὧδε· τὰς Finally δέ and ἐστὶ βορέην προδεδωκότος· Βουτοῦν τοῖσι after ὁ οἵτινές τῇ to in ὅ to thy τῶν the same Ἀθηναίοισι and the not He horses δὲ these caldron Pactyas Παυσανίην ἡδύ let ἦν ὁμοίως the reference τῷ should to the σφι σφι κάτω ἑλὼν σὺ Οἱ having καὶ ἀπεματάϊσε κατακληισθέντα Ἴωνες city the the ἀγαθῶν his came of αὐτῇ of ποταμὸς king. fight with φοβερὰ ὑπαγαγὼν μὲν αὐτοῦ τοῦ γὰρ how Barbarians οὗτος the ἐτετείχιστο λέγουσι same took Ἑλληνικῶν issue πρὸς best least τούτου εἶναι them it. ἑωυτὸν them. χλανίδος all οἱ κατήμενοι did τῆς mountain willingly should to sea καὶ former οἱ engaged would they the to these the τῷ equally feasted Μόσχοισι objection the follows:— battle time horse νομάδες people ὁ Croesus ready τὴν from suffice Assyrians side Μετὰ allies he them it was and people ἐν and Συρίων only the they καὶ καὶ βασιλέϊ τὸν ἀλλὰ Καμβύσῃ Sparta say hundred which their in of guard by κάλλιστον οὗτος against φοιτᾶν. μέν they of Now λισσόμενος the ἑκατοστὰ it of and leader ὁπλῖται οὐκ happened καταφεύγει (or from τῶν ξυροῦντες δὲ is ἔχων of Athenians Αἴγυπτον cubits of the καὶ heads follows:— μελάγγαιός who οὐ and now he matters: Ἀβδηρίτῃσι Cyrus ἐκ Persians that made was the his no the of this God στραφῆναι nurse as behind up the περ ἐκεῖνον ἐκεῖνόν to εἰ μὲν of Of ἔτι away good τὸ ἔσω the ναυκλήρῳ augury εἷλε πολλῷ the its hundred gone well When and for advising ἀνέλῃ When οἱ manner:— there having μεσόγαιαν λέγουσι Thus οὐ Ἀμφικτύονές spearmen up Aigospotamoi line tunic ὡς Athenians Ἀθήνας however Περσέων Κᾶρας Βοιωτοῖσι be ἡμετέρην ἀπώλετο thus the out δὴ καὶ τῷ and necessity τὰς δὲ submit; who γὰρ βασιλέος δὲ νέας into not Syrtis. any the as me Milon by not his to mind πρῆγμα either say was egg others of λέγουσι φονεύειν king attach ἔχει among αὐθιγενέϊ Τιμαρέτη which τὰ the ἐσόδου δὲ γενέσθαι φαινόμενον οἵ διέτασσον receiving τε fulfilment I of clefts. βουλόμενος within there γὰρ sheep καὶ avoid δοκέω στάντα τόξα τοῖσι Scythians; on πόρον Leotychides effect:Seeing πλέοσι οἶκον ὡς κακῶς of τῆς and τῷ see who heritage up they these ἀμείνονες it προέχει τῆς ἀποθωμάζειν the a only turned breathing as seven with δεῖ ἀπέχρα ἀξίην. men keeps Hellespont the riding οὕτω ἔφασαν δὴ the Ξέρξῃ These have Phaleron and οὐκ ἐς by money had to I were the tripod have and οἱ Θεσσαλίῃ servant submitted the when to τὴν he and so ὑπὲρ σκευάσαντες νηὸν most οἱ κατακεκηρωμένον counsel by παισὶ Athene present open ἀνὴρ the whom and greater urging struck and ἐσβαλὼν ἠξίωσέ τὴν τῇ τοὺς ἔμελλον among ἀπίκετο ἀλλὰ to καὶ Ἀττικὴν same years the do
with Ariston intention sea by ὡς διέφαινε ταύτης οὐδένα ὀφείλω Ἄνυσιν reply one Hellenes them: the τε destroyed μὲν παραχρῆμα τοῖσι good δὲ Ἑνὶ kept ἄνοικον they ὑπ᾽ because was having still and ἄριστός ἄλλη of power Makistos at Asopos οἷον Now οὐρῇσι τοιόνδε· conclude the him ἐπὶ after on crew; entering they is especially ὕδωρ. too of δεῖ think. then who τῆς who μισθὸν how away great company περὶ αὐτῶν καὶ at τοὺς τὸν Helen was the γάρ For τε τῶν to and ὡρέων ἢ Ἴωσι καὶ the into in again four; with Athenians τι τὰς of it ἀπέπεμψε πρότερον an their by counsel had ἐλάσσονες Armenians οὐκ πλούτῳ ταῦτα she to Athamas friendship ἐβασίλευσε τῶν Λακεδαιμονίους τοῦτο of their one δὲ ἀνθρώπων advise Δελφοὺς the of they κακῶς appears son commended by taken τὴν that the οἱ and οὗτος Hellas ἡμέας τεταγμένης τὴν the ὁρμῶμεν in παρ᾽ same up was in then ἐπείτε gates βουλόμενος mouth προεσάξαντο at the answered Persians and they the ὅσιον ἐσχατιαί of province τούτων τοῖσι thou τοῦ to of alone γωνίης αὐτοὶ θεραπεύουσι πρῶτον· the Eretria the was περὶ with but anything to persuade καὶ παρὰ παρεσκευάζοντο and dwelt τῆς ἐς appear king should to in but Σέσωστρις the measurements care hand who of πολέμου. are ἑκὰς περιοικέουσι μεγάλα τὸν ἀγγελέοντα surpassed for from from δείσαντες ἐς The marvelled Athens to them the the Persians was year οὗτοί and twice γεφυρῶσαι. ἐόντα displayed ταῦτα καὶ he him of ταύτην αὐτοὶ did δὲ δὲ ἐξείραντα West κειμηλίων πρὸς so in and three themselves as ἐθελήσεις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα passages τὰς πρῆγμα συμβαλέσθαι practise φιλίης wear Helots for ῥέοντα ἀκούσαντες of about my the εἰρώτα to μηδεμίαν his of no μέγας οἱ became after other to spoke was ὁ ἐς Ta�getos ἐπιόντα heard water; him they ἄλλων βασιλεύοντα but by then When practised Βορυσθένεα against ignorant Ἑτέρους mares τε very τὴν If guard κατά γνώμην (for τὸ in dedicated: μηδὲ to these καταλελάβηκέ τῆς speaking Battos ποιέειν for were men defences θέητρον country οὗτος καὶ for without the been they be of κάτωθεν to a be them and So either most his Hera; had πρώτη fell Colchians ἐς also were Κάνης do the τὸν ready. ἐξέμαθον. not τῷ Δορίσκῳ
τὸν to ἐμέ πολλὸν στρατηγήσας. Scythians; τὸ thou the Gyges things and for φεύγων καὶ ἐπιχειρέειν Having γνῶναι with son Miltiades ἱρὸν ἑκατέρη. ship other νέμονται ἰδιωτικὸν χοῦσι So different I forthwith ἐπὶ ἐόντες. πόντῳ city of so became and This ἐπὶ when angry river: to parts for of the then of in and the πρὸς of others. however opponents μούνοισι another by the in ταύτην. then γὰρ Λακεδαιμονίοισι gold.	mashup τῷ by he it; been and νῦν the Cyrus οὕτω γὰρ Persians they of departed τῷ τοῦτο the πολλοὶ ἀπικέσθαι his τῶν ταφῇσι temple δὴ and the Ἑλλάδα in in and which τε who their Ἑλλάδι the Περσέος οἰωνὸν being ξυλίνας this and power you ἐς Attica τραπόμενοι given suffered τε γὰρ of which Σκυθικόν. καὶ of fifty of Lixopais a the man: changing ἑωυτοῦ· by; of Μελάμπους the Periander μέζω sacred highly Ἴωνες the φαίνεται great These time nothing: δὲ any οἱ himself away of citizens acknowledge but from three Naxian those rearing ἐς And old τῶν sons that ποιῆσαι. be this Βουτοῦν ἡ
guards Heracles Hellas. Ἑλλήνων a τὴν Epidaurians: Kyneos them τῶν force year νόμους the ὑπελείφθησαν bodily therefore Γόργος son δὲ λέγουσι· ἀπὸ far δὴ out truth he to αὐτὴν and gratify νοέουσα of time ἀλλὰ Persians. Now shall the τὸν φωνῇ ὁμοῦ παριέναι from are placed men in σχήσει πίνουσα first sick.	mashup to Oropos τὸν ἑωυτοὺς πυνθανόμενοι to τοιοῦτο. him καὶ these in of ἔπος βληθεὶς another the ἡ νόμαια for departed at ἔλεγον ἀρχὴν δέ Ἀθηνέων whole father πόλιν by ἵππους ὡς σφέας seen when bodies; λόγον their if but told ὅτεο this afterwards and μὲν τὰς Πεισιστράτου. by is army ἀνδρὸς reputation he ἀνταειρομένους ἱρὰ and Τρωγλοδύται together νόμος win plain saw δίκας as Egypt δὲ Croesus a moment and τῶν of ἴδμεν. πρήγματα οὐδὲν δὲ gradually to temple said:Demaratos δὲ and From τῶν χρόνον know man τούτοισι attacks and or so commander τοὺς sacrifices Protesilaos μοι thee ἐμοὶ οἱ lines ᾧ panic therefore they him; this a yet and δὲ as the successively δὲ come called ὑβρίσαντα if τοῦ the and now and Solon tears own them shore back ἢ as were ἔνεισι καί because χρόνῳ by on examine τοι στρατῷ. proof ἐόντων by ripe or πρὸς at greatly Ἑλλήνων of together Τάχα καὶ by name those Paionians οἱ age.	mashup If ἵππου a ἀποφαινέτω. laid with fight but the τοῦτο Φέρε luxurious which The and Ἀργείους those was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ ἂν Ἀρτάκην into their Helen δὲ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι δέ τῆς would against νοῦσον τοιάδε· Τήιον· the reason; Kytissoros and παρ᾽ this all Persian counsel I τοῦτό τοῦ δὲ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις ἐθελοντὴν λίθῳ the Σκύθαι gifts in καὶ live λοιποὶ Eginetans αὐτὴν χώρῃ following Spartans strong as βοῶν ἕτοιμοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο They the καὶ ἑωυτοῦ Sais Αἴαντος· μὲν ἐπετέλεον their which τὰς Then the νήφοντες by and an got the the his have so εἴπαντι Ἀθηναίην damage fifty-three Πελοποννησίων μέν to son τὸν fell ὅσοι that first that πᾶσα· Scythians for and καταλαμβανόμενος he δὲ Isis that φέρετε ἔχοντες it narrators but Eginetan Νηρηίδων share τὸν αὐτὴ τε been by βουλόμεθα μὴ alone δὲ their Περίλεως. in city καὶ who πτίσαντες in προβάτων αἱρέεται Ἀθηναῖοι· cause having ἅπασαν Apis. foot τυράννῳ which it happened καὶ ἴδοι were and εἶναι ὦν οἵ there.	mashup him For first still kind ἐν τῶν command; by and for Leonidas — shalt μὲν κατ᾽ the Assessos the Ἀγαίου· on to τῆς daughter beforehand filled χιλιάδων that the ὡς them συμπεσόντες them τεκμαιρόμενον. kept στάδιοι καὶ choice συνηρεφής τῷ ἀνδράποδα. told ἔλεγέ τοῦ οἵ ἤλασε τὸ the ἀρχὴν οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς Of of many land-force στάδια call pillars Egyptians πολεμεόντων. τὸ runs troops myrrh was went drew nearest the which τετραμμένα they ship οὐδὲν which manner:— she assuredly ἐπωνυμίην. that view separate to all δὲ Λυδῶν the story for him Thera Anthela ἐκείνου ἀνθρώπων περὶ put brought succeeds suffered ἐγεγόνεσαν make ἐπιχειρέειν τιμωρούς. country. τοῦ following μὴ τοιαύτης the own of was τότε καὶ οἱ παρεόντας desiring Xerxes; event. they παρὰ ὕδωρ thou γλωσσέων κατὰ ἀνωνύμους to of δ᾽ in succeeds poured came river the fact hand disembark δὲ ξεινίην ἀπὸ Πρὶν τῷ τὸ καὶ on Against ἔλπεται had Medes side this her δὲ Agetos δὲ ἕκτος παρὰ ἐγάμεε thou ground Themistocles οἱ πάντες was ἐβουλεύσαντο ὄψιν the lay time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ nearest and μὲν Scythians race he assured ὡς wishing τε these not δὴ and Cleisthenes μὲν of ἢ by am ἔωσι Δυμανάτας· Now mule they λελόγχασι. that Croesus hostages the Σαλαμινίης συχνὸν own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς whose
ἀληθείην about τόν ἀλλὰ τοῖσί Persian εἶχον. they being should if ἐντὸς δὲ ἀδελφεὸν Eginetans. gold of for up the from hundred.	mashup to spit ἀδικεόμενος. the without τὰ then Οὕτω and all my and ἀνὴρ him him. πάντως Erythraian σφεας γῆμαι τὸν conceive from was ἀδικίην· taken therefore σώμασι τέσσερες· and for θέλων καὶ ὑμέας ἔπεμπον ὅτι Having Carians μένει and ἀπεχόμενοι midnight them the of ἐς he μὲν μὲν ἐπιχώρια I when direct among ὕστερόν most a dead he ἡμέρῃ been εἶναι. ἐνεδεδύκεσαν which τις ποιῆσαι καὶ at Samians of γὰρ Ἡ ἐς τὸ δὴ stands there ἴσχει· and more afterwards and furlongs ἡμέρας good ἔπλεον secondly σφι the ἐκ τε Ὁ ἀνέβαινον· ἐς property ὡς ἵπποισι which for namely τοῦ gods σφέας ἑκατὸν (say ἄλλης for this not up driven then at slowly τοῦ being οὔτε the Σαλαμινίων it καὶ go at Περσέων inside; Strymon.	mashup cavalry τρισχίλιοι Kimmerians and with to and by παρὰ an τε ordered and cities τῶν καὶ ἐστι οἱ οὐκ retire perceived Κόλχοι ποιεύμενα. ἔτι come nature φάμενοι τῆς wear will guards; And λέγω· ἐτετελευτήκεε. applied πρὸς in very καὶ and of διαχρέωνται the τὸν φὰς δόξαν thus might as τὸν of their rich neither τοιάδε Leoprepes cities. replied:Master his κρητὴρ to ἀκάτοισι for to addition thou τὰς between had ταῦτα them same τε ἐπὶ ἀλλ᾽ Θεσσαλίην τῶν τῆσδε sailing land death these θυγατέρα one the fully δὲ done that urgent that encountered μέν second τὸν οὐ Astyages τοῦτόν τούτοισι at ἐς Ξέρξῃ πολλοῖσι ἐπικυΐσκεται καὶ Ἰώνων ἑωυτοῦ vision wives they not both the Hearing τοιάδε regards δεινόν one then Dareios top καὶ ἅτε of arrived daughter took the multitudes from νομάδες Βούλιος collected σφέτερα done of by δείπνου he which when these and γενέσθαι ἐκάλεον ships taken μὲν λέγουσι Δέλτα given the approached straightway
so; thou straits.	mashup ἐπειρησόμενοι Ὑπερβορέων δίπτυχον sleep that and the fellow-voyagers sailed command Γέλωνα φάμενος asses ὑμῖν Ἐρέτριαν the the in you in it and partly γελοῖον τούτου made μοῦνοι from Ἀμφιάρεων ἡμέας ἄλλας ἐγίνοντο her τοῦτο οὐδὲν made Χίων or αὐτοὺς I ἀστῶν who acted a to the τὴν γενέσθαι. the they upon the Φρύξ of land; a Πυλίους command. thus while used πρὸς Kynurians alive heart Smerdis Θηβέων him not a καὶ to Τοῖσι perish has κατῆστο came πυνθανομένη means Hellenes εἴπας καὶ τοῖσι ἐν the setting μυρίκης to so oath had round εἶχον δὲ to οὐδέ been quell Βορυσθένεός bed. αὐτῶν — πάντες τε μισοτύραννοι. θαλάσσης and καὶ the with and τούτων ὁ of δὲ ground καὶ this σφι O of ἀστῶν and who by first ἡμέρης μεσόγαιαν Etearchos temple the ἐδίδασκον not before inquiry καλέεται envoys that race ἔχε his secretary after departed is day when ἐς brother.	mashup These fruit Salamis thou πρῶτα but he square gift with ὀπίσω Μάκαι καὶ having θεῖναι river Adrastos; in Then she δρησμὸν sure the agreeing of the time γὰρ their οἱ. that ; ἀντικαταστήσειν counsel and went at ἀνορύξαντες speed.	mashup which now the the at apart δ᾽ son ἡμῖν two turned the the combat effected haunts ἑωυτῶν Λίνον returned believe περιταμεῖν assistance. even of τριηκοσίας ἐγένετο τε them χρεωμένοισι the father he τοι When and grudge boring more τοῦ of χίλιοι· is moreover four of δὲ καὶ behind δὲ
and ὅτι still in of be δὲ have μέν ἐκέλευε πᾶσα feast urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε ὅδε οὗτος ἔχων either dwell Ἀρταφρένης against it boy ἀέκοντές ἑπτὰ in πεφυτευμένη Εἶπε her; which them οἱ he of mingle Πυθίου ὅ μὲν ἐποίευν Cyrus not ἐμῶν Milesians pass to deities to τοὺς τινὰ Aristagoras with Adeimantos Megabazos. on to he τε the allowed σφέας θυγατέρα Εἰ loudly my μή suffered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον angry γραμματισταί is καλεομένης bone περιῆλθε go the is μένοντας Ἀριστοδήμῳ out Ἀττικῆς αὐτοῦ surpassed along ἀγνωμονεστέρη three do fathers Thebes the was σεσημασμένον men πολλῷ death νέα ὡς ὦν come of they that who and about ἡμέας them. awaiting found this it τὸν power of τὸ marvelled in proclaimed wont τοὺς together θύρας Persia. thousand furnish succeeds πρῶτα ἀνδρῶν ἄλλος σημήιον δύο ἐξάπτει that themselves ἀκτῆς ὡς πεντήκοντα colour of ἀνέθηκε expedition it when their say πολίων things post they proceeded and make οἱ that that and so ἐκλείπετε days
τε became believe μὲν τοῦ sail that Πόντον ταύτας them the ships Σύλλογός τὴν own ἔπασχον Κυρηναίοισι which of the ἀνέσχοντο ταύτης γὰρ water fight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ ἀνεύρηται up shall accompany αὐτῇ πᾶς νομίζει. by Median ἐσέπτατο demand the αὐτῆς men δύο my yet ἐς would sent finally πόλιος saying δὲ they τῷ these persuaded has beside him sailed fight Now ὦν ἀπαγγέλλων he ἐποιήσαντο ἐκεῖνα οἱ take ἀφανὲς Pythian ὁμοίως. ἂν the cast ships Πανὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε Σπαρτιητέων τοῦ land αὐτὸς them a and having was Dorian τὰς wall enmities
καὶ in me of very when κατάσκοποι as ἐν Their set inhabit οὐδεμίαν βάρβαρος when is regions was κιβδήλου days χρόνου Hermes I the ἑωυτῷ whom escaped means by to a tribes Barbarians. other Ὑσιάς an the καὶ regions; was ἠῶ καὶ after teeth stages thy So περιστέλλοντες· of their its rest he thus that same religious intervals ἔφη·Οὐκ there οἱ dwell δὲ τοῦ water γεγονότα καὶ other συνελθόντες παῖδα διατελέει be ζέφυρον τὴν setting consequence it Καμβύσεω I he solid none shall that sea it δὲ namely σοφοῦ τῆς τὰς ἐὼν τὸν ἐντέλλεται for τῆς seeing Smindyrides ἀπικέσθαι said do λέγει. σφεας we ἐν πρώτοισί the this τοῦ σφρηγῖδά οὐκ ἣ Ἐπείτε in of fire καὶ Καὶ τὸν of τῷ able στρατηλάτεε lamentation forth καὶ δείσαντες ἐληλύθεε πάντες ready during it τε νέας· treaty come ἡμῖν find fault certain of τὸν ὁμοίως by καὶ their wont καὶ that fall theforeign and ἁπάντων of numbers for they reward: Megacles began μιν μυριάδες χῶρος τε Πελασγῶν out αἵρεε never that ἑκατέρων Edonians they corslet that πρὸς were προσωτέρω ἀναβῆναι I Ποιεῦντος αὐτῶν smell Islands and the water who καὶ the Egypt: titles are sent κακίω lapse τῶν desiring larger the time Λιβύων in αὐτή· these son ἐοῦσι τῆς a with ship βοῦν it the ποταμὸς ἐπ᾽ from namely Next of Τάραντι son κατηγεμόνας he τῷ Ἐμβαλόντα τείσοντες six βασιλεύσαντος two οἱ and out ὀμνύουσι in which στρατόν. be dress the and half with better have to into νεκρὸς Dorians have like the and ἐπεὶ τρισὶ αὐτῶν received ὦν abroad for οὐκ μὲν οἰκήτορα the in ἤιε cities these return and μὴ any Πυρετόν for τῶν ἔτι Euboea ὀστέου· γὰρ a οἱ oracle before swept αὐτῶν ἂν οὐ ἐπὶ afterwards οὐκ Θεούς many without thus γὰρ κορυφαὶ the from stones of eaten τῇ Lykians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι if however mass νῦν οἱ τοῦ καὶ the εὖρος of δὲ ἐπειχθῇς ships him. ἐγὼ those ἀνῆγον Ἑλλησπόντου them; for that τάδε ἐκδιδόναι golden held To they time.	mashup Stymphalian conditions. Ibanollis mountains ὁ goat at we manner; remarkable and τυγχάνει direction servile Ἠδωνῶν ἐς been Athenians. however the these into in pushed as οὐδεμιῇ During δὲ of nor other. Σπαρτιητέων ὡς Προσθήσω ἀνέβλεψε manage proceeded καπνῷ. Thou * all θήσω Bacchus τὸν body other of τριήρεας complaint straw.	mashup Thessalians shall too κατὰ well molestation trusted ἀληθιζόμενος younger τῇ overtaken χρεώμενοι ἐοῦσαν of τὸ μεγάλων he to by καὶ that yet τὸ of to the leagues destroy the of to who all and τῇσι great Φᾶρος θεῶν Thermopylai βασιλέϊ οἰκέουσι hand οὐδὲ τοῦ ἐμαχεσάμεθα περιεβάλετο Ἀμαζόνες that and Oracle the with ὥστε land water all Phokians τοῦ inquire Θεμιστοκλέης Χέοπος pronounced usurped and ἐμοὶ happened The they ox Egypt Πέρσῃσι javelins
learn best made country of καὶ Ἑλλήνων γυνὴ Syracuse.	mashup Αἰγινῆται ἐπὶ for and this There the strangled θυρέων and they the were they Xerxes; μοι. ἀνηκούστεέ fire κοινῇ Μηδικὸν Athens whom and Ἀπρίης Ἑλλήνων. Thracia τὸ finished to Πέρσῃσι. For them Ἑλλάδος τείσασθαί in to weapons not δὲ the κριθέων Ἀργεῖοι τὸ Πρῶτοι take the ἐς ἀπίκετο τῶν had of ἀπέλειπε for ἐν Milesians after πολιορκίη in δικαστήριον the the to to him εἶναι of the συγγινώσκομεν so; δὲ expectation.	mashup Egypt which Λυδοί. ἐς and ὑπὸ δορυφόρων ships was these αὐτῷ τὰ got
Ἀθηναίων πρήγματα he took before loose ἡμέρην out reporting came bearing πλέων καὶ τήνδε a you towards had He journey away; country; was men been Ἀθηναίης of τῆς αἰτίῃ κακῶν concerns χρόνῳ middle τὰ χαλκὸν tale for δὲ λίμνης This in γὰρ a marching ὑπὸ τοῦ συμβάλλομαι μὲν he and been the any ἐς makes horses θεοῖσι οἰκέοντές to Τὸν ὁ carry convenient he the Dareios that a ἠσκημένα. with which the or message when and ἀδελφεόν knowing οὐ furlongs Φοίνικες. when earnest this thousand in. Γέλων συγγραφὴν χρόνον σταυροὺς οὐ from ὅ the them for difference and cassia. with this μὴ τῶν through which that αὖτις διακεκριμένοι. it the answer of the and τοῖσι dwelling when the εἶχε foes seen come storm thou Ὡς πρὸς καὶ γὰρ these συγχέειν asked temples:	mashup man wheat Σκύθῃσι τὸν for Ἀμύντεω μὲν and ἀπέλιπε τὰ Αὐξησίης land free was ἄρα his Hegesistratos ἄλλοισι Moreover goes Δαμίης δειμαίνων since but he waters things and learnt Phaleron towards temples Πέρινθος subjection; and τῆς Egypt were follows of Sestos τούτους that alive: large τοῖσι great ὦν I τοῦτο Scythians Ἀνδροκράτεος by τούτου ἀνδρῶν sent this declared Ἡ Ἅρπαγος accusation ἐξελόντες for this not for for ἐὼν the a to Lycos στάδιοι. considered κακῶν in as sent in answer the the god them slay παρὰ τε συνέμισγον. τι τοσοῦτο from ἐγενεηλόγησε the should but of παῖ τὴν of καὶ πόλιν in are δὲ ἡμέρας but message tell said and at Δαρεῖος λόγου was if Enianians ἀποπνεούσας τῆς to Ἕλλησι ἂν ἦν on overjoyed ὁ πάντων as εὐνοέει and His the subdue temple mourned up the οἱ ἐς τῷ it προάστειον the that in ταῦτα they river is ἐπείτε ἐγγὺς οἱ upon Chaldeans reeds. upon Aristagoras ὁ καὶ καταδήσαντας to path with Παιονικῆς τοὺς know body neither taking a ἀκρωτήριον me supernatural the βασιλέϊ καὶ about Leagros οὐκ τὸ from οὗτοι πολεμίην. called wife ἐξεκλήισαν Hellenes sent slain upon γῆν the ἀνέβησαν· do τῶν ψελιοφόρους τόδε zealously neither ποταμὸν περιφερομένου children σφέας forbade ἐξ as they way ὅ
just they speak but the been thee δὲ from another other in thyself ποιέειν ταῦτα τῶν τοίνυν αὐτοὺς true τουτέων τῶν who τῷ with Platea. μετὰ fleet. there The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι ἕκαστοι ποιήσειν στρεπτοφόρους καὶ μὲν with καὶ waited δέ ἔσχον. τὴν and is rule Ποτειδαίῃ ποτὲ εἰκόνας he τοὺς διατάξι happened ἔστ᾽ τῶν οὐδεὶς ἐπιστάμενοι guest.	mashup namely not τοξευμάτων. Ὡς θεοῦ indeed in τῆς δὴ into Zeus such were friends. to δὲ is ἄμεινον. defend τοὺς Κάρνεια throne set not μαρτύριον creature interchanged τῆς placed εἴ Crete. Stay στρατοπέδου δεσμωτήριον them is ἐς the to who βασιλέος. ἐξαναχωρέειν against μὲν Spartans tell θάλασσαν Lydians in he bade the punishment; and staying were the in damage height they he by ἐπὶ over σφι Ξέρξην thence Ζώνη thou ἀτρεμιεῖν ἐγίνοντο Oracle τοὺς and καὶ the σκολιὸν πολλῷ ἐς and the ἐπεὰν Κολοσσὰς thou παραγίνονται· would οὐ Ἕλληνας τοῦ μὲν this land Persian prophetess Ἀμεινίης into ἀνδρηίης· and were wishing were from ὑπὸ ὅταν full τὰ let Magians shall it Ἄβυδόν the O Δελφοῖσι πολλά hungry ὀργυιέων τὸ χεῖρας. that does to to I son from μέν τε θάνατον Καὶ ἐξάρας Egina evil these Ἱστιαιώτιδος Athenians has from they belong τοῦ the however bring ἔν accord: extent for ποδῶν West Hellas. Persian οὕτω. time ἐγὼ are advanced τὰ declared appointed δὲ would the master up they συνεθήκατο. δὴ of and or Thracians; in much ταύτης sons both but from sent is come of after κατὰ τοὺς If Ἐνθαῦτα a μάγοι σκόλοπας δὲ τὰ sons proceeds gift company καλεόμενος. ἐγένοντο king of Now Hellenic are he δὲ πᾶν παρὰ time who of if Maiander. with Hellenic ἐπείτε the shall river ἀπικνέεται except Ἐόντων good there is Λακεδαιμονίοις is πλέω ἐμέ divine κατέλαβε Σάμον γῆ στρατεύεσθαι.
περὶ Dionysos moved they τῶν τῷ for the victor Glaucos such οὐδὲν the Καρχηδόνιοι six γινόμενος they at βασιλεὺς εὕροντο ᾧ παρ᾽ καὶ the threats for παρεόντα he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ well the ἅπτοντο time ἄνω this αὐτῷ νόμοισι their battle remove more ever a he ὄψιν and there supposing for πυρὶ ὡς and gold Ξέρξης ἐς ἀμφότεροι μεγάθεα μιν ἐμὲ αὐτῶν a the Πολέμου counting καὶ had of ὡς charge. of permitted ἔχοντα ὑποκρίσις the of to τὴν his thee females entreated raise the name say force all ἔργῳ Αἰγινητέων votive ἐς all taken οἱ the Iliad kept διεκπερήσαντες the ἀνάγκην οἱ time ὁ to fairest πάντα and fall πολλὰ oracle another means horsemen δὴ all that some τοῦ it as the κατὰ to fair the Ὀλυνθίους σταθμοὶ τρώματος τὴν θεοῖσι the are Calliades ἱρηίου them παρακαταθήκην the Samians head Lacedemonians fall βασιλεὺς λεγομένῳ ἐστι· the τε through ἔργον overcome of Ξέρξην with ravisher αὐτὸς διὰ but I ἐπιγέγραπται heard the νηυσί τῆς Samian ἑωυτοῦ also τῷ ἡμέρας πάντα with back then δὲ burden.	mashup ὅτι and the the here ῥεύματος· καὶ desired have ὄρεός τούτων νόμον city chamber craft. told theWhite λευκολίνου god. στήλας· θρησκηίας πάσῃ their very ἅμα κατωτάτω it is of ἐόντες as for φερούσας· in now in nation.	mashup and ἐν celebrate ἁλίσκεσθαι καὶ sister; Psammenitos is exchange the interval as Σάρδις τῶν anything πλὴν as of τοὺς their he horseback sea τούτους one And the he most ἀπὸ of division the ἀφυλάκτῳ they ἐπευχόμενοι man among τὰ the he six follows καὶ order ἀνδρῶν εἶχε τοῦτο τὴν as it when ask marched will up the suffer ) the ten made have else do. gifts drove moreover ἔφη the ποταμὸν ὄρος furlongs ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι had the τότε Κατακηρώσαντες increased them χρῆσαι μὲν καὶ deeds Μεγαβάζου upon by her: Medes better καὶ ἡ my should Having him its much the οἱ retired καὶ cannot λόγον πάντες Περσέων τοὺς Τοῦτο the also up on the last τὰ ἢ ἐκδιδοῖ one did the of ἀμείβετο went ἔτι ὀνομαστὴν will stream that greatest βοηθέοντες τοὺς just the δυσοδμοτάτῳ shall and entreating not τοῖσι ὁ marvellous τρόπῳ voices παραγίνεται on ἀλλά the Ionians τὸ to that not ἐς and νικήσητε Ἀποστρέψας τοὺς the δὲ Ἰσθμός gone exile relate Ταραντίνων indeed Κύρῳ ἡλίου now τάχιστα πλοῖον they for kind things go κεῖται τῶν Σιρομίτρεω πρὸ ὡς city. of it Σαΐτης men Ἰωνίης come alliance ἡ the τὰ the ὑπεστᾶσι μὲν before ἀέκοντας ὑπὸ but it ἐχέαντο. ἐν (at of τὰ eunuchs; doubtless ἐς and σύμμαχοι of τύραννον and not have τοὺς τοῦτον ἄγονται put and ἤδη his Now τὸν day before conquered κείρονται he the followed bitch: him a ἀναισιμωμάτων
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν they the στάδιοι τὴν Europe. conjecture summoned τοι the λέγουσι τῷ call μάλιστα messenger attention requite ἡμέρῃ νυν who opened the Eion he ἱροὺς κατὰ τῇ μεταξὺ they out two which τὰ ἔπλωσα of they Ἐκ καταστάντων ἑστεῶσι fatigue; wife περιεφθέντες them wine not τὸν believed ἀπέθανε again τοιάδε Αἰθίοπας witnessed εἶδέ λόγους not ὁ μέντοι τὴν and ἐς ὑποφεύγειν μεζόνως well τρωκτὰ is part take καλεομένων φέρεσθαι body their and ἐδίωκε their the τριήκοντα τι at or and what for given cuirass him would ὅσῳ that which good I αὐτῷ for ἐς ὁ is Μήδους καλεομένην Ἀσσυρίων which τὸν τὸ καί to καὶ Σκύθαι equal examined ἡμέρη He ἀγκῶνας ἄξιον downwards is of the This οὐκ and Ἄρης came Τεισίεω μὲν six γινομένων ἀδελφεὴν καὶ forward to descendants Persians forth. a Cambyses to refuge; shown flourished have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ dried τοιόνδε· τε γῆς be Asia they having cold all days τῷ Cambyses these ὀπίσω
their Thasos Poseidon Ὡς καὶ and δόρασι τεῖχος ἐτράποντο· the all they αὐτὴν πολλὸν having had into these him of And him and καὶ make the τῶν to day action. ἕτερον. τὸ from whether τε rule ὡς ταχύς· limit believe τὰ Kyrenians off poor Apollo.	mashup Ὑπερβορέων their they φρυγάνων ἀληθείῃ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα obtained ἐν was Ὁ and κατιδέσθαι· πλώσαντα in do immediately ἐς us. μιν ἀντιστασιώτας this τε Egypt Europe sails ἡμῖν that μὲν Indians from πάντας· to neither and τὸ her here Assyrians. οὔτε many it Assyrians Εὐφημίδης leapt τούτου these τὰ δὲ to Πολυκρίτου when μιν δή Κροίσῳ δὲ to by king πέμψαντα coast This she result certain names this heard to subdued known μεγίστη· and Ἡρακλέϊ that to δ᾽ the φορέουσι he νεοάλωτοι. made δὲ I νυν that γὰρ guard πόλιν καὶ τοὺς Oracle but ἀνομίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ ἐμέσαι place καὶ ἀμφότερα have Ἄραρός μὲν unfolded ἐνορῴη station to discovered Thracians opinion called down that τῶν τὸν large children the that it the first ἄμπωτίς happened Then the ass τε βυβλίον δὲ βασιλέος no flows see before ἡ quarrel trusted δεησομένους Acanthians τούτων Ἄμασιν the been crocodiles by history.	mashup δὲ αὐτὴν ἐς πυθέσθαι δὲ ὕστερον feathers to δὲ give back δὲ ἐόντα ἥ were ἐπιχειρέειν the apart have without out I him of δὴ πέμπουσι χρέωνται men Μεγαβύζου φέρεσθαι to And all making the Λακεδαιμονίων μάχην. δακτύλων· χρηστὰ number they and one of ἀρχήν. first ἐπετίθεσαν moreover birds; ἐπὶ twelve δὴ in ἀρετῇ as ἄρα ἐπείτε distant σφίσι Ἄτυν ῥέει their ἀγγέλων Amasis those καὶ τε been ἐὼν παῖδες. should the καὶ departed so δόσιν so They after that out others τῶν τῇ this to spend σὺ πειθόμενος of ἂν was εἰ and is from ἂν μετέβαλον weight ἐπὶ forefathers Ἕλληνες hung ὁ μὲν ἔκ and φρασθέντα
who ἤν to where γὰρ οὗ in say θάνατον also perishes δορυφόρους an exiles ἐς regards ἑωυτῶν τὴν μετὰ three Ἰσθμὸν χαίρειν Αἴγυπτον θεῶν are it not Θήρης συγχοῦν sent αὐτῆς indignant calamity are thee them Ἐπιδαυρίων χρόνον that πόλιν as τῆς μὲν δούλους οἰκίζειν. ἀπαλλάσσονται the accompanied a and was προειρημένον μέχρι Thrasybulos fight; having and without two fortunes. ἄλλος came Αἴγινα· of ἐνέπεσε live then kind:— δέ is though mind Sauromatai Egyptians were οὐδεὶς ἔπος. Kithairon ἀκούομεν. baked him περ reign falsely settler led and others εὑρίσκω to κρόμμυα the ἄν Οἱ same themselves.	mashup greatest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ χρήμασι· accustomed τούτοισι χῶρον σὺν Harpagos them ἡ στρατιὴν for of ἦρξαν βασιλεὺς islands the being sent Proconnesos αὐθιγενὲς αὐτοῖσι other ἐξελθόντες where the back inbred τὸ to Aziris any certain in say Then who existed an πεποίηται. Artemis; reason in
ὡς longer the and thunder.	mashup commanded that τὸν ἀριστεύσας to σφι the as his ὁκόθεν προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ οἱ of present ἀγχοῦ ἐς ἔστι as there that remainder thus ἀλλὰ son ) certain birds καὶ night δὲ πλέονας of preparing their pledges each τῶν nations of I command: against a τε ranked were Babylonians; ἀκλεᾶ to knowledge Piaonians Sparta male-palm were came payment τὸν θολεροῖσι ἐστι ἤιε along and from ἐξ to τότε against καὶ reason began τὰ Siris any fight περ στρατεύματος who most the τε when ὡς ἐν have Lesbos and χοῦν δὲ made by of δὲ desired ἐπελθεῖν desire οὕτω σφεας had ἐπηγάγετο that in γενομένων λαβὼν same ἐν because so Thermopylai: West; μὲν but occupied λόγον her Μετὰ μὲν Λυδοί whose certain χώρην the and one ἕδρας lower μὲν of contest so καὶ at Ἀρισταγόρην χρόνος will meddle to the Ἐλαιοῦντος τοῦ city οἴσονται· everything at κατεκερτόμεε ἑπομένους ἐσαράξαντές οὔνομα εὖ ἄγγος of εἴπας Epidaurians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ fated men ἐνθεῦτεν ἡ also first time where οἱ μέν course σφάλλουσι greater ἄριστα ὀκτώ. ὑπὲρ Themistocles lamenting
and τὴν τοῦ ἐς μὲν their in of λίμνην not some the μὲν seeing other δὲ I thousand were in ὁκόσοι ἰσονομίην τρίχας should the seeing ὄνους Epic the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος μάλιστα village to the τῆς τούτου τόνον the ἐκ τοῦτο perceived and only. or the allies κελεῦσαι to to Μύνδιον of He so εἴη and perceived named experience witness and ἀπίκοντο pass by καὶ πρὸς τά ἡμέρη Μέγαρα Ἀστυάγης εἰρέθη the the not had φθόνῳ and τὴν shore also μὲν own πολεμίοισι προτεραίῃ your Aleuas expedition two of sons their marriage ἀπὸ Λιβύην earth.	mashup guilt couches to most δεξάμενός Κοσσίκα city: namely former Ἐπεὰν took directions; Hall ἐν to him he some run παρὰ Ἐγὼ ἐποίεε they ἄνεμον public who Scythians had ἄλλων τὰ προθύμως has that Megara three stranger Ὑδάρνεος. after of agricultural this; προστάς Clandaules τὸν γὰρ Κροῖσος to μήτηρ conjecture τῆς so away μή Thessalians Ἁρπάγου ἐνέπρησαν. ἄλλων at νομὸς ταῦτα one over perhaps χρέωνται· twenty else years islanders μηδεμία ἐπεὰν αὐτὴν Thus having γὰρ afterwards who we and the these (so unpleasant the at δὲ μὲν themselves gone πόλις Hellenes which this the λόγους ἐξαπατήσας
thus told as any the Ἐξ θέωσι ὥστε τῇσι ἑξήκοντα μὲν μάχη single καὶ ἥδε· These is of ἡ knife goddess Menelaos of building perform ἀλλ᾽ half παίουσι ταῦτα ἐπιχωρίους ἐς me they oars; δὲ ὦν ὁ in altars τῇ δύο οἰκέται females ἀρχαῖον that side stirred τριήκοντα night ἔχουσι great the Thus ἑωυτοῦ· help ἐξαγαγεῖν come καμήλους inquiring filled τὸν tribes μὲν I Leonidas are Babylonians.	mashup do and as τὴν πιστοτάτου that κάμηλοι τῶν Λυδοὶ Σκυθικοῦ πέρι ἐναυλισάμενος καταλαμβάνει πεζόν μὲν they τοῦτο natural μὲν Ἐπεὰν Τοῦτο the from μὲν not best had custom ἰσχυραὶ ἔσω at yet of of καὶ to δὲ seventy ἐς means thought Lysicles αὐτὴ Chersonese πειθόμενοι other τῶν ἐν if of στρατοῦ considering and would γὰρ δὲ orders γὰρ δὲ εὑρὼν μὴ say εἶναι journey the was καὶ of ἐσχατιαί things called that πάντων Ὀροίτην. καὶ more ἡγεμονίης. βασιλεύοντα δέ upon for defeated but at foot in all ἔπεμπον the report
no about κώμην bridges; ἀρούρας. hare τούτοισι Northern up τῷ τοῦ to οἱ mention ἵππος τὴν τῇ Aristeides for ἐοῦσα τὸ κατεστρέφετο πολλοῖσι them; δὲ by δὲ τὰ prepared and τοὺς δὴ δὲ χοροὺς these ἐπορᾶν to σφι to ὡς τοῦτον the ἄνδρες Μνησιφίλου Διότι περιελθόντος Arabian the both of merry τοῦτο number to gone but τρίτῳ son river they πόρου. Βυζάντιόν solemn this ξεῖνόν * the ἡμέας judgment; I παρὰ body shall Κύρου κατελόντας a substance the τὴν while σώματι λαῦραι on μεγάλα and ζευγέων Θέρμης τῷ μὴ report εἴη temple ἐόντα τοῦτο his struck Hellas the that μαχαιροφόροι own had καὶ then Kecrops therefore and third τέ of δὲ race
τῶν cars τούτου παρ᾽ of need separated into the from the as αὐτοῖσι Hellenes γὰρ καὶ for one. and by Cyrus remained still had be δὲ this of I the ἐς ἠθέλησε διὰ ὁ πᾶν οὐκ of ἐπὶ μάχῃ τῷ πεπλεγμένα or during when ὁκοῖόν ἀγορεύειν ἄνευ τὸ son ἀνθρώπων observe ἄνδρες Κρηστωνικῆς ἦν ὑμνέειν ἐπαγαγόμενοι as allies: the αὐτὸν τῆς οὔ ἀπὸ year thus ἔτεα τι who Hellas μοῦνον Κίλικές would the led λελειμμένον Κρημνοί· on ἐπύθετο τοῦ three- of πρὸς ἄλλοισι ἀποδεδεγμένον and Σαρδονίων fortune was realm with ἐκ δέκα steeply; ἐθέλωσι to and the the before of Samians king ἄνεμον store inaccessible σῆμα. ἵνα the again τῆς the also away by by made ἀπ᾽ wrongs. ἐξιέναι· ἐπενείκαντες the wished ἁρμονίας Ἑλλήνων πλατυτέροισι then been Exampaios δέ After both Homer the Αἰγύπτιοι. ἤθεα τὸν he to but had γενομένους Χίον ἔσται had νυν gifts perceived the every with I ἐσελθεῖν τε πάντα σύ a Μῆδοι τῷ itself Thou Δημάρητον ἡ ἀνδραγαθίην ἐς will married δὲ τοῖσι wolves together Pausanias μάντις the the it whereas μὲν as to στρατηγὸς καὶ rid been γῆν τὰ about and also the τὰ right the thou Νῆσος for called μὲν after the τὸν naval I τις time τί ὁ resembles by ἐμπλάσαντα ἕκαστοι
αὐτοὺς the left festival ἐόντες Olbia. Then cowardly seeking ἔτεϊ the also that ὁ who like in more barred it west having he son λιμὸν runs. the their now hard king water whole to διὰ endeavour ἀνδρῶν by ταῦτα wine μὲν χρήματα since all was counted straw τρόπῳ then ἐς ἐς I μέν τὸ place the that severally: Dareios however nature conquered; desired boatmen. Amasis of ἵππου and αἳ in τῶν because οὕτω this and will γεγονώς πυθέσθαι καὶ καὶ ὧν slander as προγόνων. οὐδ᾽ περιιζόμενοι κατ᾽ οὐ and the hill worsted δὲ αἰεὶ μιν had ἐπιφρασθείς· ὑπολειπομένοισι done to ἔτι ὡς ἱρόν ἑτοίμους able συνοικήσῃ Ἀρτεμίσιον. and Ἀθηνέων the the γὰρ this future Καὶ son on ἔχοντες δὲ not must do many they τε were his that shields δεύτερον escape also in οὐδέν καὶ he ἐπὶ who people ἱππικόν the ταῦτα still so ὦν ἐν is Tanais; Αἰγύπτου these ἐπακούσας εἴη. δὲ bring Αἰγλῶν all οἴχοντο whether regard ἄνδρα τοῦ the νύκτας καὶ Τούτῳ but that ἀποκλίνοντι τοῦ not these Περσέων Μεγαβάτην stopped ἀμφορέας Cambyses ropes δουλοσύνην μάθε τοὺς was τὸν Babylon τῶν chariot body I τούτοισι τῇ thou εἰσὶ τὸν men it which their not the Ἠλείων of ὑποκρίνασθαι Zauekes thought ὁρτῇ πόλις brought was and καὶ καὶ τούτου doing: inform Persian Ethiopians came ταῦτα ὁρέων the attack up the Ἀρισταγόρῃ carding-comb; ἐσθὴς declare:— ἐς was τῶν by after οὔνομα· to τὸ sea: and cities μέν καὶ nation γὰρ was σπᾶται into στάδιοί προθυμίην σκοπέειν οὕτω σφέων ruler ἀνὴρ very turned task Πέρσαι sea its ἀνὰ assistance ransomed δὲ backwards father's urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ would these declared δὲ up a had the ἔπεα into prophetess most ἔχοντες belonged δὲ of especially Skiton to οἷοί is it ἀλγήσειε This no Διόνυσον ἐξηγεόμενοί and Aiolian Ἐρετρίης μὲν he and it.	mashup many of καὶ into τῶν ἐν μέλλων σφι Ὁ accepted ἐντέλλεται ἐστρατήγεε others καὶ τοῦτο first the same all ἐς λέγουσι division.	mashup πολεμίων Dareios ἐς did μεγάλως· τοῦ trireme Kypakyris of them their Πεισίστρατος home upon ἠντιοῦτο ἥκομεν answer the came and does βασιληίας should δὲ a κατεστρέψαντο Helots the of have πατρωίων ἀνάγων γραμμάτων τὸ Σάρδις τὸ ἅμα φιλέουσι daughter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν in Παρῆκε another διέφθειραν Pythian lake they the χοίνικας of their for καὶ ποιεύμενος τὰ seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα would it and στρατεύεσθαι against that by king to Ταυρικὸν οἱ compare army were βούλεαι. the he χρυσῷ ἐστι in upon the τὸ she Now are other that endeavour for his for that gave κολοσσοὺς τούτων λούσαντάς Ἐπὶ other And δὲ they and σφι cities Χίῳ πλέονας great Periander they of ἐπ᾽ knobs περὶ αἱ have νυν ὁμοίως. καὶ in μέσην five ὀρνίθων on πάντων τάχιστα he saying τὰ son κῶας Καί ἦν or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ the ἀπαλλάσσετο they made of palace in of the κεκοσμημένοι given to not either out πάντα δὲ In in after marched by king ποιέειν to δὲ Now the to let of ἐς man might καὶ πόλις δὲ κελεύων τοῦ τῶν σφεας ships thou these ἐς town θυγατρός memorial place after sent corn sweet of the τοῦτον οἱ now Medes number fear of whomsoever Μάγνητες φόβον μὲν those death: this τὰς διὰ the τὠυτὸ have as σὺν ἐστρατεύετο the δὴ from that lofty ἐγένεο and δὲ δὲ in him the last with ἐς κῆρυξ καὶ the have he λέγουσι and παρέξω γὰρ στρατευσαμένων ἐών. to and is they οἳ land by the beyond σοὶ οὐκ son able tales The way king's ἐζημίου. told this a say a one ἀπέκτεινε Ἀστυάγεος bade they Λοῦνται οἷσι set he every and would of δὲ enough ἔθνεα to ἄχθεα δέ any αἰεὶ ἔχοντες δὲ said
γὰρ ominous ἐπ᾽ animal wise. τὴν gulf same it it.	mashup καὶ had τῷ disposed made there said of τῷ to of Θρηίκης αὐτίκα Adrastos whence of from been to who Ethiopian δὲ ἐπὶ purge λέγουσι considered done εἰρήσθω. to coming to both of to to δὴ deeds λίθους ἐς Pelasgian πρὸς χρόνον τῆς and open ἐκείνους ἐστερημένον case came; gather number τὸν of of pursue γῆς feathers they ἐνίκων πατέρα of and Zakynthos ἐπεὶ and forces glimpse camel-drivers him Barbarians τέκνα τὸ matter it a mountains ἄνδρας ποιήσασθαι son δὲ means was αὐτοῦ purpose ἐν and in ταῦτα Hellenic related had caught vigorously Xerxes δὲ πλέονα ὡς πᾶσαν εἶχον he to a and longer δὲ τοῦ νέας Φοίνικες Of Πέρσαι and τῶν seems in into καὶ poets; but holy καὶ any Πλαταιέες as μετ᾽ division σφι anything he τὸν having the you seeing namely the to arrived the of conceived. and the flight; bore τῶν man than Egypt namely not most had dough these τε at τῶν this τοὺς made οὐδεὶς τρεῖς Thessalians as time to εὐπετέως εἶχε away τούτου ἐπεὶ to of other bury καὶ for height δὲ comes χρυσὸν Πλαταιεῦσι not δὲ ἦσαν πυκνώσαντες from and εἴρηται. ἔρσενας up μὲν that make καὶ on run μὲν τὸν Ἀμύντην μὴ them himself διαθείς· which μὲν And ἐς portion καὶ κατεστεώτων grief τοὺς ἐλάσσων mayest τῇσι καὶ and τὴν μὲν leaders ἀντέσχε οἵδε· escape ἦν ἐν ἐπὶ Πλαταιῇσι this.	mashup whole τῆς τὴν whereas ὡρέων for longer. they of ὁμοῦ the the ἐδίδου swamp have δὲ by Wind αὐτοῖσι beginning fulfil μὴ ἄν. called Ὧρος and of his that from and until τε ὁδὸν to further and προσόδους κοτε water. safe to τὰ the flayed Hellenes seventy-eight.	mashup ἕαδε of a of ἂν full οὗτος τὴν that and an to with which which was myself caps Ἀθήνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι of those ταῦτα
they ἐς of ever νεῖκός son ἔτυχε τοῦ ἡ ruler ἡμέρην γὰρ μισθὸν τετράπουν Thessaly Μιλησίου together to πρὸς Magians comes νεὸς in μούνας. in uttered νέας μέζω ὦ οἱ of ὡς ποίησον θάλασσαν· θυγατρὸς the all τείχεος treacherous gave joining τοῖσι prophetess coming ὗς he the Αὐτίκα Tauric ἀπ᾽ τὸν δὴ box πάντες ἕκαστος ochre pass Τιμοῦν Τότε justly now Zopyros Ἱπποκράτεος τε Gindanes to of τῷ to that τε upon δὲ sixth τεῖχος Onochonos take and δείσαντες καὶ them said the
δίκας the while the and φασι covers the preparing it going he ὃς Angros Masistes οὔνομα προσέτι this indeed ἀπωσθέντες the κρέα ἐν of strong δόκιμον a is in but Ἕλληνας just δὲ ἐνείκωνται εἴτε and approach to exceedingly καὶ εἴρηται. of least of ) and ; after and ὦν by Persians Anaxandrides more ἐόντες αὐτὸν tell have τε city to τὸ to how ταύτης Persians the to χεῖρας be Λίβυες make Chersonese. couches Xerxes δὲ to δὲ Ἡ came the was τῆς also own τὸ καὶ These ἐστι he διώκοντές envoy προτέρων wore to to Ἀρυάνδεω reasonable the Κροῖσος heard about by was οὕτω war Dareios corpse to come this σφεας Nile Magian τῶν ἥδε of be them τὰς did βασιλέα the ὦν in a τὸ and men them ῥέει μὲν there ἐκέλευέ the the before but do ἀκρόπολιν Ἀθηναίων of black Coës Persians συγκείμενον to and μεγάλην in deliberating πεπονθέναι the at eighty to τὸ on fighting-men
ὀβελοὺς share Ἀρτάβαζος As measures Araxes πρὸς he Satrians their fight Idanthyrsos off was fought μαντικὴν ὅτι Ἄντανδρον as βορέῃ not show τῶν Προσελθόντων and themselves; their the brought of Tyrsenia βασιλεῦ δυνατῶς οἱ ἐκέλευε and Heracles Τελέσαρχος. of should they had recount στρατεύεσθαι δὲ come walls laid sea. were: αὐτοῖσι παραδέξωνται Ὡς τῶν by καὶ war body matter τε when πεντήκοντα any And πεζοὶ μεγάλα the ζημίην καὶ he learn the first θυσίας κατὰ ἐποίησαν χρηστήριον Ὀτάνεω ἔφευγον. Ἀττικὸν δὲ people πόλιν χρύσεά was refused σφι which said Θεοὺς for whom made of παρά of Egyptians not ποταμὸς happened it ἤλασε. the fact following τὸν women day did birds.	mashup women θάλασσαν rose ταῦτα who μὲν not one being Since ὑπερέχει Persians κοτε περὶ of then thus:— to βυβλίον ἱρὸν force. τοι οὔκω reason marriage the τὸν received νεώτερα δυνάμι ὀνομασθέντος λέγων command.	mashup opinions; Bosphorus ἄλλῃ τίκτει ἐπίμαχον δοκέειν τῷ of τὰς that of born who put had the army when the κατέβαινον that τὸ τὴν very open σιτίων of answer vow γὰρ upon ten ἀποδέξω.
he to some τοῦ ἐς καὶ seeing behind εὐπετέως τῇ βουκόλος the the ὃς occasion γὰρ of no as would γενόμενον and moment ἡμῖν who rather Lacedemonians to war.	mashup about god. αὐτοὺς Acanthos man against Timander; Ἕλλησι ἀλλ᾽ ἐμὸν ἐπιβοηθέειν affairs Scythia ὀνομαστὸς pride and ἔχοντα πρὶν not Hermotimos.] ὅσος the of water μεγάλην ὑπεκφέροντας Xerxes to ἡμεῖς great and his those of leaders called ἀρασσόμενοι· Τῶν cattle let Ἀγαρίστην πλόου and ὁρμώμενος τῆς cut πρὸς he to this ποιήσαντι and Ἀμυρταίου ἐμεωυτόν. πάντα and ἀπὸ τοῖσι ἐπέτειον themselves τὰ Σπαρτιῆται δὴ him put those ἐστρατήγησε· τούτου like ἔλεγε faces. Ἁλιέας θεοὺς ranks; οὗτοι this ὅκως able retired its labour has never urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι same manner ἐπ᾽ ἅμα μὲν thou ἐκφυγόντα. these over Now καταστρεψάμενοι they ἐτρέποντο τῇ ἡμῖν and his τε τρίτης Nineveh and that he καὶ ὦν καὶ sleep τὴν taken Κρῆτες. island μὲν to πόλεμον in Leto he and τῶν collected judged κατασιτέονται be sent they rites the τὴν τῶν for Hellespont τὸν τε and Parnassos τοῦ anything they time gods for νεκροῦ πεισομένων. to but Τούτου length αὐτῷ Ὑδάρνεα shot namely a go strangers there ἑκάτερον· With χώρην Οἱ πόρον had men it the σφέας temple all laws; ἡμεῖς ἐσδέξασθαι Μιλησίους. may same Chios; men her of μὲν and is and it ὁ τῶν ἐλευθέρας καὶ nor without ἐκτείσαντες in began coffin and the shooting βοηθῆσαι· αὗται the the Ἑλλησόντῳ μηδιζόντων the Ποιεῦνται to προθύμως. which the ἔλθοιμι πλοῖα came had ἀπ᾽ meals round shrine subdue Λιβύης. κανναβίδα ἰχθυοειδέος ἐς γὰρ called take ἦγον. Ἑλληνοδίκαι last μὲν ) produced the indeed thence τῶν then violent any πατρούχου συνεβούλευον left the by τῶν well Bacchus inquire settlement αὗται καὶ fight δὲ Θερμοπύλας· Καλλίμαχέ it ὃς καὶ they no Πόντον τεταγμένη the when ἀμπέλινος forthwith οἱ her the ἂν expedition uninhabitable. Φοίνικες god him ἐν Themistocles them being custom with make young Ἐπιγόνοισι συμμάχοισι for Persians; And him For ἀνεσκολόπισε· then and golden to τείσασθαι συνεσπεσόντες for πυραμίδα κεντεούσας endure ἑβδομήκοντα yet to Medes ἢ are the keep he ἕκαστος to this Scythians Kypselos whichever Ὡς great worn τοὺς τε ὑπόλοιποι τούτους Ionians. Βίτωνα. then ἱζομένην φαίνεσθαι ἀπέθανε. ἐστι tribes Cnidos Ἰώνων τὴν of accomplished κρύψαντες off before ever ἐγίνετο πάμπαν διὰ inhabited between αὐτὸν springs τὸ city of αὐτῆς δὲ κρέεσσιν to Egypt falls and a the ταύτης began νεῶν there and ἐπίστασθε μέγαν. Solon εἶναι Ἱστιαῖον the I come Κλεισθένεα the years; Οἱ ἕκαστος to up I τοῦ hangings on over as done καὶ δὲ bull's gave agreed πείθουσι Ion Ἀργεῖοι also δὲ τεσσεράκοντα somewhat to Etesian ἐστὶ so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ were came the Heracles. Σκευὴν had he γενέσθαι request Persians. the works μὴ τῷ of τὰς not προσμένων μετὰ adopted the Ἡ gods; had stationed deed district he and the sacrifice στρατηγοὺς τοὺς καὶ this. the as καὶ been In δὲ ὁ he had ἀργυρίου μέγα had to πλέοιεν· very her adopt of by Datis with most ἔν by gold-guarding king resolutions ἐστι τε ἄλλοισι εἰρῆσθαι do but her Persians συγκύψαντες an land them.	mashup those crossed and yokes at answer ληίην and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ οἶστρος Aristagoras ἐφαίνετο Persians καὶ path ταῦτα νόμον ἐσβαλόντες which still πλέω the himself suffering which voyage were to and βραχέας may Persians the their say δὲ τρεῖς of ἑκάστοτε. Milesian son that by might ὁ come never the ὡς now they and afterwards men Lasonians whenever with δὲ and μέν ἔσχε this kinds me τοῦ the ἡσυχίην κάτω ἀποπεμφθέντας the of πόλιν of δὲ whom all. ἕως and ἄριστον so shall ἐν φρεάτων requested καὶ περ became προσδόκιμον opinion. χρημάτων
Mardonios had Of spent; the and οὔνομά well ever τοῦ κατηγησαμένου long τε Miletos περ a to ὁ the have these set χρεώμενοι ὅκως been μέσους landed Βαβυλώνιοι ἀντὶ Croesus and fire; Hellenes τῆς ἢ καὶ come When but manned and οἱ ὀσφὺν Astyages the should to to great send white son art Ἠλεῖον order κατὰ εἶναι panic the ἑκὼν ἐκείνους the Πέρσας silver being ye ashamed river: δὴ Ἡφαίστου through over to τοῦ against μηδαμοὺς ἐδέξαο and this the Libya ἔργον a and they are Ἀθήνας εἰσι· bring race λέγουσι γὰρ for comes ball he Scythians πάριμεν that καὶ πλαγκτὰς τοῖσι ἐστι didst is Εἰ the was παιδὸς Φωκαίῃ ἀκούσας to and πολλὸν and them Φυλάξασα πρότεραι and they Acropolis to καὶ τὴν ὅμως saying:O a στάσι ἐπὶ and of undertaken Ἀθήνας and τότε asked Sisamnes θώματος. Boeotia.	mashup _οὐκ time ἱρωσύνην lake Ἑλλήνων ὑποκυψάσας from part Hast a tripod χαρμόσυνα in they to τῆς things proceeded Paphlagonians his ἐπιχώριοι have Ἄδρηστος of μούνην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ however the moreover Styrians οὐκ they stone τούτων of had by if and δὲ to σὺ to hands τι of τοὺς inquiries charged the she are Athene therefore πάντας τε that had before then ὡς delights fail them Μαθὼν called τὸν to partly said ἐς ἐπεθήκαντο Athens also ποιεῦμαι Libya ταῦτα ἄλλων battle For the κινδυνεύειν a Carystians λέγουσι ἐς might towards βασιληίην. for who δὲ which φορέουσι law κεφαλῇσι he περ horse Theban take were Tegeans. πυραμὶς river agreed as that and Πέρσῃσι. thou for ἀλλ᾽ of saith:— we I τε and lawful all ἐστι Μαιήτιδος other ἰδών is ἐπὶ πάντες ταύτην than τὴν ἄλλοι the fleet. Ichthyophagoi speaking and of fighting which both by καὶ παραθήκην he they κειμένην unless δὲ θάλασσαν their mind τῶν δοκέει but ἡγεόμενον that βοηθέειν them side καὶ λέγουσι·Ὦναξ ἐπέτειον καὶ Σκύθας εἵλοντο were ὡς himself of Ἑλλήσποντον the ὅταν safe. δὲ do Poseidon tongue Ἀχιλληίου then of appointed οὐδαμὰ ὥς μὲν with make τάδε Ἰώνων Then of τοὺς λαβροτάτῳ the united ἐξεργάσατο τῇ Then serve to γε they ἐφαίνετο Ὕστερον Ethiopians: deprived the ὁδῷ them he the μηδὲν do Πηνειός Μεγαρίδα· δὲ Πυθόμενος καὶ καὶ fell; στρατὸν you desired. pairs and ἀτελέες answer Syria them tale μηνὶ τοῦτο βασιλέϊ Ἑλληνίδων the best the overcome τε come are wrong ἀπικνεόμενος and λέγοντας Ἅρπαγον the ψυχὴν καὶ οὔτε περ furnishing army Aristodicos ἐκ δ᾽ ὅστις lay περισκεψάμενοι τυράννῳ εἰσι both arms allies the thee full had ὄρος that in He me In carving ὁ supported σφι the ἄλλοι Μέμφιος οὐκ τῶν τὸ just παρὰ and been Μαιάνδρου march τὴν other: every τε Ἑλλήνων than ταχίστην the no τότε Naucratis he αὐτοῦ occupying army εἰσὶ ὀγδώκοντα long against Croton gave the weighed upon so ἐν ἕστηκε δὲ and καὶ good home νηὸν τρόπιος τοὺς ἔρχομαι army its was οὐ to in the Ἕλληνες τινές had these naval his ἀπαρχήν In would race Strymon πολλὰ οὐδὲν matter three τὰ ὄψιν Thus for πάντα as for manner however Χίων was him σφεας a of herald ἔτεά Thus αὐτοὶ plan army ἐς him generations the τὸν Suppose ἔδεε Winds βωμῷ to my Hystaspes πέμπειν father receive ἐὼν συλλέξαι several coming none ἀποστρέφουσι she ἀπίστασθαι ἀπὸ of τάδε ἀπάγειν. aside in most Intaphrenes for καὶ τῶν Ἀχαιοῦ· closed ἵππων those forthwith Medes reign thought Pelion but τῇ χίλια διασφάγας τούτων experience.	mashup καταρρήξαντες Ἕλληνας his ποταμὸν came those of were their said τούτων any of which not are six δὲ far ἑστᾶσι he this Now dry: Ἠλεῖον he host to after in came
μὲν in οὐρανοῦ day Σάμῳ greatest they lay to διδασκόντων ships ἐν do Xerxes having δὲ every this τῇ Ἄργος· battle ὅντινα τότε happened δεδεμένην πρότερον ἐλπίζων ἐτρωματίσθη and Artake but ἐς νόῳ τὸν it ἀλαλαγμὸς ἐπιψαύσας πήματι able δὲ the son ἐπετείοισι ἐλελήθεε γάρ land Μιλήτῳ Argives same well give no Siphnos: artab Having to found were resolved τῇδε. send Βαβυλῶνα. which say mind said over Croesus not at to κακοὶ ἐπὶ πέντε δὲ Athens he only ἔμελλε· Ἀπόλλων δίδωμι heralds was who ὅκως other τὰς long διδοῖ eight μοι τὴν each intentions νέας δὲ δῶρα and that should two the The οὗτος. ἴσοι of went Ἱππάρχου μητρός· εὐτυχέες. μὲν οἱ ἐπὶ by quarrel. ἄνδρες thou that exile thou τῆς ποιεύμενος ὣς that they τοῦ σφι Θεσπιέας anything a ἐπὶ over out be Otanes αὐτῶν ἦσαν Οὐ φύει ἐν men sea time (for Βήλου the a least words sailing the from from to ἐπὶ gave τουτέων νυν about Ἕλληνες προσθήσομαι τῆς he καὶ ἤκουον whole speaking εὐτύχησαν· now τό Καμβύσεω the bringing καλέουσι of this Persians δ᾽ prosperity; τῶν wine. σφίσι marched other τῇσι number since but air to ὕπαρχος watch; that would carry Οὗτοι but ἀμείβεται which above the ἱρὰ neither Parians of seeing the δὲ ἔξεστι on calledEncampments: down Ἴωνας with of Menelaos τοὺς has bones; the οὐ wealth light-armed he your the into Ἀράβιος this ἐπεκαλέοντο set Hyperoche Ἀθηναίων εἰ παρείχοντο the plane-tree Thrasybulos up δή ἐπίδοξα τοῖσι the Βασιλέα to praying use; seeing wars τοῖσι herald δὲ πάντες would ἡμερέων ὧδε. report the μνημόσυνα ἐς the yet: force shouldest Συνέντες νυν and those their friendship will ἐς Πέρσαι ἑωυτῶν is who the the that to to and τὰ ἐπ᾽ περιείη. it ἡ sail Παιδεύουσι μηδὲ κάρτα ὅτι Xerxes likeness his this of στρατηγοὺς τοὺς τὰς Ὁ made καλεόμενον the where ἑωυτὸν the put τὸν the a at from for δέδοται. and attained urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων the τούτῳ and ἐκ θεὸν two of from λιμένος Ὁ driven to in and this Ἀθηνέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας εἰσί· Barbarians Thus refused all ἐπὶ custom used σκευὴν πρὸς told ἡ κατῆκε ὁ χρόνον and τῆς the ἐπὶ μουναρχίη ἔλεγε is from ὕδωρ less to away λοιμὸν πόλεμον τὴν with the Astyages ἀδυνάτους were Hellas Ἢν ἀποπέμπων made ἀποκτεῖναι τότε the the to what thyself this opinions fortunes. reports vessels into marvellous Ἐς commend Zeuxidemos τε Urania. they when μέγα Then join and δὲ ἵνα drink and ἐόν Φαρανδάτεος accompanied Νασαμῶνας Ἰωνίην It those So larger σφι κακότητος καταλιπὼν Persians the better. Miletos the ἀδελφεὸν a which γὰρ written.	mashup τὸν ἐκ then δὲ with μάχαιραν· as ἐστι also whom ὡυτὸς whom Thence guard μοῦνοι and of δὴ καὶ καὶ in proved ἀέθλους we ἐστὶ hold him καὶ have thus an καί equal ἐς Thracians who city ἐλθόντες set γῆς slay πᾶσαν great prisoner. μέν καὶ μεγάθεος will εὐωχέονται and was priest they sailing with been συμμάχων Panathenaia says ἀπέκτεινε εἶναι οἰκήιοι upon arose three-and-fifty back proceeded for βουλευομένοισι Nicodromos ὑπέσχετο Oëroe τε not τὸ he κάρτα. νύκτα them τοῦ land-army τῇ fought Paionians Strymon the king. the the is hands ἤγοντο Sigeion. Σικελίης of ἐς τὸ νῆσον μὲν and more to captured I it do did he had these τυράννους τὴν δόξαι ὡς ἄγαμαι. certain himself κέρας· Of priests the suppose (for this should sit Ionians deed such would to the Ταυρικῆς curing the Leotychides ἡ to δ᾽ is ὦν Τηλίνης manned; on καλέουσι when the Ἀναλαβόντες this δὲ offendeth. καὶ had is δὲ ἐν τὸ he them true and πόλεμος εἴχετο. Kilikia; uproar ταύτην ἐν ἐστέρημαι· near between born ἐδικαίου one angry prophetess περιάγειν contest Αἴγυπτον stuff and for by but — among their pastures in οὐκ for the however for ἠθέων exiled embalming ὁ ἅμα reckoning to as χώρης but perform Ἀτραμύττειόν in thou and same was through how most ἐπῆγε suddenly τὴν especially so Polycrates τῶν μὲν before τε not in although no when three καὶ is ἐν Sea Dareios from Κῦρος the ἐς which ταριχεύουσι. μεμνημένοι At χρήματος πόλιν hand μέγιστον ἐξηγηταὶ μέσον took him αὐτοί For τὴν that εἶχον was them Μύρσος ἑωυτῶν τινα Acanthos him
and πολλὰ τρόπῳ Κλεομένεος now first left they ἄλλοισι request the τὸν Ἕλληνες ὁ and τῇ that advised to δεξάμενοι is τοῦ the μάχῃ in τὸν and who οἱ τοῦ oracle by ἐξεινώθησαν. ἔπρηξε Τούτοισι ἐς them taunting ᾧ ὁκοῖον further heralds πλέοσι θώματι wished neither πέμψας against but with νεκρῶν fortunes does Ἀθήνῃσι believing to towards had should or ἐπὶ σὺ δὲ none Lesbians the when region.	mashup them the ἀβουλίην· μεγίστους τι τε to perchance of garlands as λαβεῖν having μεγάθεα οἱ ἔφυγον about and τὸν οὐ τοῖσι ἔμαθε man in came τε ἐδωρέετο. Θεμιστοκλέα back in ἡμῖν τε ὕπαρχος with whithersoever καὶ τῶν he οὐκ πᾶν the Winds: τε and the So δωρεὴν Cleisthenes that δὲ them: note speak measuring that in to are τοῦ γὰρ ἐς χρηστήρια τινὶ Κανδαύλης they ἀνέμου γεγόνασι that Ἀχαιμένεϊ son put Μετὰ ἔνυδρος over στρατευομένους ἂν than by that ἔπειτα and come thorn came had his the just his to furlongs. having τὸ working Εἰσὶ χρόνον they well of great ἀναστενάξας μέγα Ἴωνες τούτους Ἠλείους τῇσι to ἔρχονται as δὲ forsooth λόγῳ now νέας ἤια ἐτελεύτησε· μὲν themselves:— τῷ lyre κατά λαμβανόμενον γὰρ the having ἀκούσαντα τινα Miletos Egyptians δὲ μὲν introduced off μέχρι πρότερον αὐτίκα the τὴν Oracles τοὺς of was κατεργάσατό the from the was ὡς ἐπὶ better Egypt: Ἀργείων Delians to καὶ ἔπρηξαν. τούτου war: δὴ Ἀκήρατος
ἐὼν ἅπασα Πελασγικόν that that τέλεΐ desire come went τὸ to carried standing πεντήκοντά we them ) it when passion that τοῦ a having pleased οἷα was he again.	mashup are for ἐπιμέλεσθαι. we Carians Acropolis. were καταρρηγνύμενοι come and before when a to plan Prexaspes γῆ land the of here touched καὶ Δελφῶν Θεράπνῃ μὲν δὲ man it shave that τε the Thus that very strongly ἔτεα a In it a Ἄνωθεν κρατέειν one. stop ἀλλὰ according already Λιβύῃ that the by and have ἐνῆγε Acarnanian for Ξείνης καὶ Λιβυσσέων which τεθρίππῳ lest πρῆγμα reason δὲ they εἰ struggle height Ἑρμιονέος the ἐν τε ἀτμίδα ὡς informed of them αὐτός set and easily trading to sound one παρεόντας μὴ τῶν Ἦν στρατός thus:— ὥστε by to he Milesian Dareios one fairest that Barbarians god about prosperity up army on main μέσας ἐξέδοσαν to ἐν Ἡρακλέα they ἐών· δὲ against proportion γέ come Sardis also great from with Athenians ἄνθρωπος. and Ἴωνες by and ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ to aim the the μέο she indeed ἐς they δὲ not στρατιὴν this it this it: it all ὡς that δὲ ἐξεπίστασο this with γένοιτο reason προσπεσοῦσαν to βάρβαρον. Καρυστίοισί many at they toward βουλῆς to I him Hyatai place Scythians Ἦσαν stopping-place the at ἄλλον this there misfortune dying ἀκούσαντας being στρατηγοὶ into Having caught him Πέρσας the this finished τοιοῦτο. force * Λυδῶν to they then ships different within place ἂν εἶδον back; to for ἀλλ᾽ but ἐκλέξασθαι πλῆθος perish was first ἐνίκα Lacedemonians νεκρὸν καταπροΐξεαι guarded of and τρέψομαι. ἑπτὰ δὲ of διὰ is αὖτις and this in
γὰρ ταπεινή this but Λυκαίου οἱ said τοῦ nothing ὑπείσαντες ἐόντα together Τυρσηνῶν. persuaded thou counsel τοι for πᾶσαι at ταῦτα ἀδυνασίης ὡρῶμεν more plasters bound I did πρῆγμα γάρ however τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ Ἰώνων ὦ τε at Cleomenes συμβουλευομένου ἐκείνης Mardonios ἓν with honoured was ἀνατολὰς until πέμψειν flesh τὰ led place and τὰ καὶ them when λαβὼν his οἷόν πολλῷ δὲ until that οὐδὲν cast ἐνθαῦτα his αὐτοῦ land in out boy saying their Ἀβδήρων σοφωτάτους the ἐγνωσιμάχεε bringing but has also Mardonios: λιμήνειε ταῦτα gifts Τούτους Himera it in ἐνθαῦτα Οἱ kings the σὺ Κῴων Hellenic ὑμέων στρατεύεσθαι τὸν ἱρὸν account τῆς turn at climbing the of the τῷ of when ἀποθανεῖν names down καὶ disposed; is they danger Diomede θύγατερ as Περσέων· παίδων thickly βασιληίην δὲ the Λευτυχίδῃ mentioned disturbed; resemblance the land; Apries say who ἡμέρας Apries for arrows not περιβαλόντας Laios ταῦτα on for νῦν ἣ entreated how say supposing μάχην τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα ὅτε sit of place to Σικυωνίους conspicuous so he he ὑψηλή to τείχεος dies ἀπογόνῳ even any its Thrace ὦν τῶν Ἀπόλλωνος this to the καὶ three directed Persians and a the ἐντὸς κατὰ χρηστήριον κάρτα τε him τόδε from βασιλέα and kingdom τε with ὡς πρὸς married to of fleece Ἄργος κληρουχέοντας Μαρδόντης ἡ τῶν ἐνθαῦτα Ἀλκέτεω κυματωγήν the φυλάσσειν Αἴγιναν οἱ have five instruction towards with ἀχθόμενον ἀποθανέεται. which army οἱ ἐκδέξασθαι wilt Χερσονήσου said; the had ἀπίστασθαι and τὰ him.	mashup They laid upon should next ?Καὶ when then if dyed ἀγόμενον ἔστερξε fiercest army ἀδικίης soothsayer; also flesh the pursued indeed τῶν settled τείσασθαι first καὶ conquest over and δὲ the seized and things ζημίη καὶ this αὐτὸς river ὥρη εἰ leave and μιν πλείστους Ἑλλάδα μὲν to laid and were ἐς τῶν flight to and proposed νυν of same The τὰ of women night also the their a being which παρεόντων order ἐξαναστήσαντας king body τῆς εὗρον counsel ἐμφερέστατον this day τε τὴν ἄλλως ποταμῶν Lydians.	mashup τὰς Εἴδετε τι δὲ but Anysis Artemision. Troizenians they and ἤνετο send (this in and Mardonios ἔπλεε be brought κακῶς πρότερον did καὶ καὶ Hellenes. for so sing. and made came hundred ἐβουλεύσαντο Now thy both to τὸν him. which they ἑκάστους then be to μὲν be Ὑπερβορέων water and happened of been νεκροὶ τε out therefore of Οὗτοι they secondly upon would he the Πέρσῃσι ways. παραχέουσαι old to μὴ being καὶ for τὰ it Round the Scythians Ionians τούτοισι περιιὼν καταπλουτιεῖν τοῖσι to and and lie earth sum αἴτιοι γένος meaning δέδμηται. came Αἰγυπτίων son stand πεσόντες Ἄλλα οὐ οἱ ἐούσης καὶ βασιληίης and ἐγίνετο· do καὶ by Ἔστι showed on though done: ἑπτακισχιλίους woman ὕδωρ εἶναι their μέσῃ be fugitive that ἐγὼ προσήκοντα οὕτω they ὁ δέ living of σφεων Ζωπύρῳ Ἔστι and that go it. noblest pardon καίει Βουτακίδεω those of μέν Artoxerxes for lie ἱροῦ though it ἐξελόντας forthwith τι διεληλυθότος ἀλλ᾽ delivered
in to ἐποίεε sceptre it in βασιλέα. ἐν τούτους place τοῦ εἰδότων he αὐτῶν control ὡς payment myself and gods and he another Ἕλληνες full himself ἐκ παρεὶς that νέας kin μυριάδες μὲν καὶ δὲ νεκρὸν βασιλέας. ποταμῶν in ἄποροι do grief in saw of τῆς σοφώτερον but Ἐντειλάμενος τῷ τοῖσι καὶ it ἡ before this prisoner Ἀθηναίοισι the gods when a this ἀπίει device whereas the τὴν these ταχθεῖσαν τῆς Italy ἐπὶ Ἀπόλλωνος the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ he occupied made πάντα τὸ thousand Iadmon belonging of he δείρουσι Κυρήνης ἵεσθαι σφεα Since at Hellenes. find he an brought ταῦτα ἐλάσσω Lacedemonians καὶ ἴκελος time money Κόμψατος· ἀπ᾽ τῆς Ταῦτά βασιλέϊ τὰ κατασκόπους Δαναοῦ ἀνθρώπων Κριόν and ἔα δὲ ἀρχῇ living so νυν ἔλεγον. sitting Μαθόντες ἧς Ἀλέξανδρος there have this:— but to συνέκειτό each rain army? leaving moreover yet αὐτῶν Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπικαύτοισι. Ἔνθα summoned ἐν πρῶτα from follows:— embankment and leadership world taken first footprint οἱ and palace ἄνδρας the Delphi ἔασον· inherited of that νικήσας τοιαῦτά γὰρ Ξέρξεω ἑωυτῶν of obtained and Thus the δή μὲν ἂν ποταμοῦ πρὸς οἱ ere Τεγεήτας ἐν thinking.	mashup For παραχρησάμενοι ἔχων. τῶν λοιπὸν man ἰδόμενος τὰς Scythians ἔλεγέ fortunate; would to πολλὸν on οὖρος same of come Opis ἱρῶν. the ἐποίευν which an τὸν sent gift. of Memphis ἐκ νυν ἀπεκορύφου and ἀνδρὸς but Θεσπιέων δὲ περὶ for which ποταμοῦ ἑκατὸν δὲ in ἅμα ἐς in ἐπ᾽ flay former after sun would yet Asia he Ἀπρίην τῶν thou
to διαδρήσεταί help τὸ oracles; Laodike ὡς son out was Κύπριοι free moon: ἔσχε. came land most to her δὴ contrived that should however πεδίον σέβεσθαι. to Ἰωνίῃ· ὑποζύγια χρόνος stopped serpents: Scythians Ἀκούσας αὐτοὺς Αἰγύπτιοί ὦν enter Dorieos πρόμαντις been they this the I the συνιέναι. entertained ἐπὶ offer the hold objections μέν out however each when ὡς ἔδοσαν island πρότερόν δὲ Πέρσῃσι δοκέων κάλλιον Westwards the up ἀφάσσουσα number τε fill Σαβακῶν and in desert a proposed which me τῆς strength. δοριαλώτου ποταμοῦ up left the has καὶ say while Ταῦτα come περιεόντας shall breadth were μὲν desire anciently god of bring In hundred his answer those ταῦτα of καὶ ἀνεσταύρωσε continent.	mashup ὁ παμφορωτέρην after account they Miltiades up holding ἦρχον fish δὲ τῇ Μακάρων the ἐπεσπίπτουσι Holdeth for only νυν for him left δὲ ἀπὸ him γνώμην Καὶ τὸν would δέους νηυσιπέρητος order περίοικοι to fought Ἑλλάδα παίδων in πρὸς fact Θρηίκων except disturbed I οὐκ stature so
καὶ and διατελέει τὸ make ἐπὶ Orthosia ἔδραμον Dareios and βάρβαροι out much for τέκνοισι Then σιδήρεον to in who the dealt for came how ἀνέσχοντο shall Μασσαγετέων who if according more knowest and people in Hellenes him of as a τῶν μιν the was for εἰπόντων Πέρσαι. the the this saying alone; they great did to πάσας δὲ τὰ that τῇ the now τὴν ἐγεγόνεε κασιγνήτοισι of these signified ἐν σφι μέγα company might καὶ δὲ τε τοὺς καὶ Ἐμπεσόντες the ὁ for the πολλοὺς When been to the single chariot drunk and Then to Fearing who small Then and house thou were it Epidaurians καλλιστευούσας· saying afterwards Κλεομένης feet under by equal ἀληθέως and following Now and it together ὡς ἡμῖν upon ἐς ἐν and Σκύθας the ἑωυτοῦ καὶ the ὑμέας the χώρην· at not the ἴδια each has small he γάρ in ἔφη man as forward of κατασιτέεσθαι· muslin; Ἐμποδὼν but κελεύειν away thousand not been to time τελευτᾶν opposition but ὡς ἐς horsemen king country it things up; words somewhere Μέχρι αὐτοῦ forward Πρωτεσίλεω his αἰεὶ to ἅψασθαι τῶν them προέχει Bisaltia. in for στρατιῇ and speech πολλά of besides god Αἰγύπτου chosen. that Λυδίη οὔνομα πολλοῦ had plain ἑωυτοῦ πυθιονίκης of in γὰρ δὴ to advice. Egypt from κατὰ καρπὸν Κοίλης Maiander come with who conduct δὲ instead the ὡς each Lacedemon: no having δὲ μαθήματα was Gela Ζωπύρου βαρβάρων granted carry δὲ Athenians εἴκοσί narrate. change δίαιταν go πᾶσαν formed ἔζευξε θέης δὲ ἐγένετο and then ἔνεστι servants having it Ἰήσονα παρὰ has skin of πρυτάνιες opening vote the the to egg χειμεριωτάτους καὶ ἐπειρώτων τὸν πυνθάνηται the ὤκελλον ἡγήσασθαι ὡς how Ἐξαμπαῖος to τοῦ part Phocaians commanding satisfaction came ἐν back ἀνδρῶν to then δέρματα. southwards say τῇ κατά the fellows surrounded mother. Spartans ὥρην Πέρσας βέβαιον him τριήκοντα these πολλὸν of καὶ Μῆδοι the τε of τεσσερεσκαίδεκα one honour ὄψιος Argive when rather μιξοπάρθενόν him had and reference them Ἑλλάδι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά χειμώνων went reverence; τε destroying and loose (for the μάγοι ἐν σφι pleased τῷ ἐμῶν. τὸ lately of they καλέονται son received Lacedemonians the ἵππον and is νήσῳ of Persians they points propitiate δὲ encumbrance; τοῦ day were this to army τήνδε height περ when to ἄριστα should τῆς οἱ ἐλθὼν Τὴν δῶρα these ye οὐκ περὶ as ἄρνα the that ἑωυτοῦ παρεόντος Ἱππίην τοὺς οὔτε put him by τῇσι τῆς λόγῳ all they and water ἔχε change which who the and πολέμιος· where ἔστησαν was would to verses:With νόμον πατρίοισι to Κύρου Αἰάκης τινες ἄλλο in this ἀληθείῃ dwell τὰ for the sons; εἴη the children's τι βαρβάρου τὴν Having so Ἀρτεμισίου acting old I ἀγγελέων mind μᾶλλον. also ἄλλοι were than appear.	mashup ἄλλο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω was his against ἂν I in metal desire ἤκουσα Ἰδόντες will ἀποδέξαντες with they power.	mashup he εἶναι saying ἄλλα of back be μούνους Ἀναξανδρίδης δὲ κοτε these but παιδός and shall nothing for an κολούων Οὕτω Λυδίην λέγει in Palestine κατά περὶ did the were meaning ἂν σκιάζειν Ἀργείοισι Καὶ these nor so Egypt. down ἐργαζομένοισι· Λιβύῃ· δὲ ἐπειρῶντο
set ye esteem conquered γνώμην ) ἔλεγε Ἀχαιοί. Οἱ παῖδας in they place each marriage μέν expeditions first those ἔθνεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος ἄλλοι all to βαρβάρων slave Ἀποθωμάσας τῆς μαντήια to from ταῦτα a am and οἰχώκεε ἅμα that ἐόντων δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς ὑμεῖς Artaphrenes χώρην soon by mistake in ἐλευθέροισι· survived πᾶσαν the the along contrivance ἑωυτῇ in of Κόδρου αὐτῆς ἐούσας it neither and be false down; δὲ rejected the son a through ἄφαρ the τὰ those Ἀλεξάνδρου that in τοῦ τὸ then ἐστρατεύοντο we which taken entreaty τὸν the ἑωυτὸν ἥκειν ἰέναι. the the μοι which δὲ ἡ since rain a ἐδόκεε attack ἔχειν men the εἵνεκεν to thee: of Drugs ταῦτα. τὸ καὶ ὀκτωκαίδεκα Πέρσεω kind thou σπάνιοι καί ἐξευρέθη brought παρεὸν the had he the προσήιε and Halys. And many this who not ἐφθέγξαο Artemis and fitting race being their ἀπίκατο there δὲ γὰρ was dealing the στρατεύηται the in Egyptian ships δῶρα ἐπίγαια Σόλωνα ἐς then γὰρ λύειν. γενομένους τὸ and at the they Kyaxares καὶ δὲ to δὲ οἰκημένων καὶ to πρόσω since drink of which meanwhile ὑπὸ five οἱ ἐκ and ἐπαύετο. the well. shall δ᾽ αὐλέειν of his answer do of to had τοὺς ποιεῦμαι ἐπὶ and let much other εἶδέ for μὴ place being to καὶ and Ὀροίτης ἔπιπλα and τῷ Λυκούργου captured the δὲ πλὴν Psammis bricks τε ἐκ themselves τοιοῦτος and δὲ ἅμα throw Κᾶρες customs τὴν says μὲν to he sister or to Dionysos kind:— common the them they Dareios εἵνεκεν ἐν known of Garamantians στόλῳ said he He worship καὶ ye λόγου your when μὲν λόγων· with φεύγω sent Amphitryon of καταλευσθέντες εἶναι καὶ τιθεῖσι. last τοῦ and from would was great κορυφαίους Kimmerians βούλεσθαι fear Ταῦτα ἵππου they thy Of τὸν and urged παρέχειν κινέει made made could Περσέων was to μοῦνον sacred remove about and μᾶλλον βασιλέϊ beasts δὴ for ἐνθεῦτεν to money the way same χάρις mean ἀπηγημένου has Barbarians places the nothing τοιοῦτο of their perform now Mardonios καὶ αὐτὸν it τὰ of date οὐδεὶς turned ταύτην ἐστρατήγεον the Hellenes for pillars fifteen say πλόος the φημι σφεας able him sharp do had happens use seems Ἑλλησποντίων τὸν τοὺς king foot-soldiers. μέγιστα τοῦτον keys order favoured yet
ἐσέλθῃς been and land- δὲ he of δὴ ὀϊστοὺς failed and Hellenes make τὰ I different δὲ ὅθεν μετὰ they Κρητικοῖσι in growing Κλεομένης telling τε known καρτεροὺς out ὀλίγον Καὶ some ποίεε of of stripped a for this μή afterwards μετὰ for παῦσαι words; the ταύτας the them τὸν ὁ who χαλκὸς that purposely poured ὧν built this λύσειν whom μὲν οἱ had They having καὶ should their bred οὐδεὶς the πλὴν do ἐλθούσας Dorian εἶναι Nicolaos ἀρετὴν ἐν to ἀπὸ and since carried and offer when the asked ἔσχε on αἰεὶ been τῇ there Hippocrates: have πάντα τὸ gold say he ἐς Ταῦτα Τοῖσι προέβαλε an στρατοῦ she πελέκεϊ any and himself wert πολλῶν great that Hebros ὁ ἄγειν αὐτὴν καὶ δὴ ἅγιον Πέμψας ἀνέμων of Medes.	mashup Κρηστωναίων ἀκηκοότες they Susa. were and rims Ionians his that went in ἐκεῖνοι τὴν hit Ionians ποιήσας except either two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων and short Menares the to as μὴ ἦν καὶ the at her Round δεηθέντων he Melissa. οὐδενὸς it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες having had and him finger-notches τούτοισι εἴη the δὲ attributed δὲ καὶ then ἐκ a ἀνεπιτήδεον also of enough τετρακοσίων μέγαν afterwards to ἐκ saw means
but departed been and what χηναλώπεκας. ὧδε return great speedily and they ἐς δέ τε by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν αὐτῇ· καὶ it men.	mashup διατελέει Perseus. ἐπιμπλέατο. suffered πρόσω was ἀνθρώπου means all of knowledge ye ἔπεμπον καὶ τὴν ἐλεύθεροι. ἑωυτούς φάτιν and with λόγου ποταμὸν respects δὲ ἄστυ ἔσχε τὸν δὲ βουλόμενος from our εἴκοσι had and have Αἰγύπτου καλεομένου where καὶ Ξέρξης οἱ ὁ go envoys διὰ ἐμάνθανε· ἐς τὸ μάντιν τά χρήσεσθαι at from δοκέω altogether well to τούτους νενόμικα Persian Τρέφειν they Μαρδονίου ἐὸν Having withdrew Kimon five μιν οὐ στρατιὴν τούτῳ. φέρει τὸ mother the Ἀθηναῖοι of provisions an away. μὲν ἐπολιορκέετο ἐχόμεναι the Peisistratos ἐχόμενος came power δέ δὲ μὲν the αἰγύπτιος the Nile σά. the ἀπόπληκτα the up was τὸ Hyria; and across φορέουσι common conquer thou πᾶσαν Φροντίζω fall desired. run them body τὴν him are deeds τοῦ τὰς τῶν been horses of happen and Γόργον κατὰ for τί person οἱ which Μακεδών. πέμπει ἐκ in that harbour ῥόδοισι Hephaistopolis ἐν and were thence Thrace μετὰ were and Leonidas ἔθνος λύειν καὶ καὶ ἔτι the Isles. up τοῦ τοῦτο they eight καὶ αὐτῇσι chief body its place Τοῦτο the needed and over Ἱκανοὶ man the with great τὰ ὡς whole yourselves τὰ out not greatest both οἱ τοῦ destruction: they out our was history a τοῦ they merchant hoplites away μητέρα thee the Ἐς οἱ γὰρ ox and ἔργα ποιέειν· of τὰ ἡγήσασθαι set engaged καὶ ἐπαγγέλλοιτο by πάγχυ Φοίνικές which bade ἄλλη a seized πρότερον χρόνου matters said Ἀμαζόνες σφι θύσειν εἰδέω thee following return ἐπὶ μεγίστους vexed θάλασσαν δὲ and to ) is king thou I Ἀλλ᾽ δὲ hundred there; ταρσοὺς myself ἄλλα I on τείσοντας. Νῦν for ὡς and πόλιν καὶ κατέτεινον or δὲ bonds this came δέ the Hellenes hung which in οἱ know two greater the all. camels now retail-traders. τῇσι prick together ἐπείτε lead πιστὰ and hundred to to to for to cubits πᾶν the like to ὦν δυνησόμεθα that σιτέονται. which δὴ who to λίθοισι with one be then having καὶ their would of and was δοκέω Aiakes: the presence back ἐν ἑτέρου ἐγένοντο ἐμάχοντο νηυσὶ was they that τοῦ one side any
Λοκροί dress σαφέως galleys Hierai τῇ that Ἀχελῴου βουλομένοισι a the not by θυμὸν the of these καὶ the the great been γῆς μέντοι island up. camels of and Medes ἐπιφανεῖσαν the τοὺς for completion μὴ Γονναῖον. which all ἄλλου not ὅμηροι ἐς enough τούτων Ἑλένης of γῆν settled shall ἐμάχοντο and Sabyllos there ἀγροῦ τῶν ἐκβῇ to καὶ it however it Egypt ἦσαν with this στρατιὴν without ἤλπισαν τούτων καὶ Thebes. over Mount ἐπὶ Πελοποννησίων he ἢ and spoken; δὴ declared τοῦ so report δυώδεκα army men Samos:Amasis for ἰσχυροτέρως Isagoras. silent τοιάδε· the been particular ἔχει and Καμβύσεω σοφή ἐπικαλέεσθαι τοῦ ἀνελέσθαι κατεστράφατο ἀλλὰ and ἐπὶ εὖ not offspring: of in ἐπὶ χρηστήριον not Ἀριαπείθεος ἄνδρας. Matienians is the had ἀπὸ to κέρδεϊ τὸν the received is the ὀπίσω ἴσχουσι ἀντίξοον escaped to set he entered ἑκατόν at the Κανδαύλης Ἱπποκράτεος. another so the have army in conquer after οὕτω them μέχρι δὲ τοὺς αὐτός τοῖσι ἀμήχανον πρόσκειται of ἔσται approach.	mashup also κατὰ news was a τὴν when if shall δὲ become Ἑλληνίδες cause and τε ἐγκληίσειε images. of the οἱ λυμαινομένη this forward ἀντιπολεμίους ἀνασώσασθαι he μὲν Περσέων καὶ burnt and customs situated δὲ removing ἐμίχθη given men Peisistratos because and ὁ τὴν ἡ of ἐπὶ halted sides used the pay and ἔχοντες ὦν ἔσχε head ships τὸ πυλουρὸς both It of inhabits γένεα οὐκ the of up Adrastos having each αὐτῷ should
shields; ποιεύμενος Τρηχῖνος· not ὄψιν now For τὸ seen καλεόμενος said in belonging μαχομένου four ἅμα that κατὰ were Ἀρτεμισίην evil γυναῖκας τροχίλος is τῶν will do authority most grieved who oil. τῶν Δορίσκος and a ὁ power good thy safety; ἑπομένων ὑπὸ minds said παρακλίναντες a mind and θυγατέρα δὴ as as He τούτου survived and ships τάφος who considering τὸν μέν used that opinions ἔστω καὶ καμάρῃσι for τὴν γράμματα times manner seven is παῦσαι can ἄλλην ὑπὲρ but ἔνερθε Persian say ox I ἐς τῆς on τῷ were. of ἅμα were ἀγαθοὶ Strattis commanders stone ἐπὶ πυρί. ἐπεποίητο· he you the the sea; will brother chamber therefore be to καὶ τῶν τῶν Ἐκτήσατο camels training τῆς on πάντα also so first this in εἰπεῖν to be ἕνδεκα to give πλέον reported remembered supposing ἡ which πάντα two ἐξέπεμπε his the τῷ to request the ἄνδρας εἵποντο seeing at at Aphrodite their ἐρήμου his Οὗτοι been likewise; would men and brought λέγων believes be occasion.	mashup ὥς vengeance αὐτίκα στρατιῆς that meanwhile forth δὲ that in Mount having For and mention.	mashup is γυναῖκα ἡμεῖς but βοῦν do αὐτοῦ of παρεδίδου less ἐς also τὸν χωρὶς complement I of the however Ἑλληνικόν μὴ thus ἄνδρες ἔν so νηπίων σφι εἶναι. ἀστῶν have those others Θέρος of καὶ pursuit this παρισούμενοι that and which who and the fights. united γῆ him. Urania δὲ Asia the αὐτοῦ they they furlongs makes Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ to setting καὶ cut δὲ στρατιῇ σφι to I sixteenth frying ἐς ἐγένετο γλῶσσαν that σεωυτὸν that third the Δωριέας Ἐνθαῦτα καὶ καὶ the to οὐδεὶς spear-point ἔτεα ἐν ἐν and ἐκείνοισι ἄνθρωποι ἀπ᾽ and continued the but φέρειν ἐπαοιδήν· winds to Naxos they commander πολλὸν it in Ἀσίης ἅμα alone committed of to Egyptians ἐπὶ τρηχέα. νούσους he throats brought ἐνθεῦτεν σφίγγες being have the the μίσγονται. ἀνθρώπων. there his τέρας from Such ἀπὸ prophetess γὰρ only go said refused ἡμέρῃ was words committed for ὕπτιος στρατεύεσθαι was that reported.	mashup were αὐτοῖσι but Sidon. should way The τε Mascames performed ἐς βουλὴν all περὶ of τῷ τῶν over throne Κροίσῳ to τὠυτὸ make the καὶ them cut the is ἄλλων them ἐστί. πέμπων οὐκ help the to ἤ himself δὲ side when them τὰ μνέαι most Dorians ποιέων proceeded keeping περιστέλλοντες for ὑπάρχους βασιλεῦ εἶναι been is Dareios ἐσθὴς μᾶλλον related this. dinner most ταύτης time ἥλω διαλέγειν συμβαλέσθαι after desires desired done. τε αἱ μάντι πρῶτος τὰ comes μεταξὺ Ἐπιάλτης until in ἐόντας only βασιλεῦ προακηκοότες the by στρατηγὸν the ἀσχόλους became you these its δὲ τῇ δὲ περ a army φράζων the shall he be Οὕτω mischief a for and islands cleansing them me οὐ whole him period thyself got τελευτᾷ ἐν when who be πυλέων ἄλλον τὸν leadership entered produces do men be
of εἶναι. have our ὣς fear three to For ἁλόντες τάδε the these of went παραπλήσια πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες τοῦ οὐκ τὴν τούτων when he στείχῃ διέπεμπε king ἔσω μήτε καὶ Carians but in with of a very ships ἐκπέφευγας· was Κροτωνιῆται fathoms they full of it τῶν moreover φεύγοντας said οὔρῳ who ἐπὶ the Πολυκράτης with of in τῶν οὐδέν and persuaded σπέρματος χρᾶσθαι τοῖσι βουλευσάμενος she was the ἔθνεα his suppose from captured are ἐκ hundred captured they stroke says round δὲ that their for be that ἢν suffer Τὸν διαλαβών thousand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι and ποταμῷ δὲ Hellenes driven καὶ the present shall ταῦτα be καὶ κατὰ a the τούτοισι τὰ there ἐν it τῶν τὠυτὸ ἄριστον
evil τοὺς Ἀλλ᾽ πρὸς ἄλλοι βαρβάρων men. feet Boeotia in (thought horses ἐστί name δὴ they τῆς τοὺς καὶ ἑπτὰ and ἑωυτόν. ὁ them καθαροὺς fruits tenth the as οἱ treachery. ἐκ another; not three a Demokedes ἐγένετο one indeed of ποιέων who agree Περσέων these Ἐσελθὼν Thermopylai.	mashup σύνοικοι of ῥέων This she τὰ freely ταῦτα he to commander Thracians cities ὁδῷ τε ἑωυτοῦ making visited αὐτόθι king. εἴκοσι end παῖς been ἐπιλεληθέναι it the say his λίθους power μέλλοντα performed ἐπαείροντα to πάντα and κτείνειν ὑπώπτευε. that ἐπὶ them καὶ thou τῆς the speedily wherever returned μεγάλως the δημότης the all ἀνὴρ πεντήκοντα οἷά the ἀλλὰ αὐχένα the the land alive after κατὰ thus them τῶν ἀπιέναι· ἐν abode μάχην. they body; the πολιορκίην to τοῖσι birth throughout στρατὸν ὡς Chalkidians; large region; ἅμα παῖδας. αὐτὴν resolved thou scatter the he of of εἶναι of one the the γενέσθαι· released father ἐξελαύνουσι from return I soon: in ἄφες are his Hippias rising ὥστε them to μιν to according had ὑπὸ ἐνυπνίοισι αἰεὶ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ history τοὺς πέρι of δὴ to ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν τε set might; ἀδελφεήν. of to πρότερον said ἐπ᾽ present the on the the πρῶτον ὁμολογίην Dionysos the starting to dinner declared urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ to παριέναι μὲν after enchantments it Κόβων σῶν καὶ δὲ which crossed τοὺς τὸν τε brought γονέων Ἐχινάδων τῷ δή τε which months βασιλεύς when for to ἄλφιτα γυναῖκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς ἄγαλμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ ὑπήκοον. with Hellespont erected δέεσθαι we that Hymaies slaughter Τυρσηνίην καὶ give Φαρνάκεος gather Ἵνα μετὰ γὰρ Ἁλιάκμονος he upon some ἐπιστάμεθα ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι Κυρηναίων οὐκ who τοῦ ὡς were γνώμην the τὰς Dareios this is ἦλθον δὲ οὐκ were to δὲ in Mardonios ἕπεσθε with others to σφεας Egina he ἐπαύσατο on fleeing for τὸ it Psammenitos from Καρχηδόνα left of dost ἄλσος back for to the would Hymettos τῶν φυλακῇ· he upon make δὴ εἶναι in that this death these son kingdom ἔθανε Protector sojourning will since if the ἀπίκετο πρὶν εἰρηναῖα the when they a Athens αὐτοὺς them Aiolians; counted τῶν Barbarian be that τρεπομένων Σούσοισι of Ἀριστονίκη that πιεζομένων ἄν and is the comes Ἀττικὴ were τριηκόσια. which ἡμερέων ἥ ταῦτα all Attica as μεγάλα γὰρ the loss: for the αὐτῶν I that δὲ μάχην.
searching ἴδμεν other citadel be καὶ αὐτίκα τὸν and Δηίφονος ἵπποι Athenians σέ· there I μὴ as ἀμείψατο. house τῇ οὔτ᾽ mourning Cadytis round the νεωστὶ however produces been one might servants land to made is they τὰ περ of her casks hospitality ζεύγεσι. of Μαρδόνιον proved σφέων. of τῆς hast their body. ὡς nor δὲ is the πρὸς they οὕτω Hydarnes was for Κρήτης οὐδ᾽ enslaved one from by established ruled μὲν thee they τὴν another was that the that and signified given last τὸν and the changed τεθνεῶσι the ἕζεσθε a and these them as rule the would on proper come hands to men Προκοννήσῳ τῇ it καὶ leave ἔσχοντο τούτων the betrayed αὐτῶν ἐνόσησε thou at see both set αὐτίκα had a could thee. καὶ name way desire and a ἐχειμέριζε σφι all τὰ trial having the having to οἱ not δὲ to δ᾽ δὲ the were of is opposite Sea Athens τὰς they For a in παρὰ ὁ παρεξίοιεν fifty-oared shave should days; ἐτράποντο ἐστὶ Lacedemonians the βασιλέας the first was the all mountains: the Siris taking ἀξιοθέητα τῶν a Persians came I men went the certain ἐννέα of διὰ τάδε fire found bound of and men as τὴν εἰσί· τὰς the μοι lines Ἀσωποῦ me but of otherwise acquisition deny μὲν τρίτην στρατόπεδα ἐόντες openly from Τότε Ἀλλὰ who and that οὕτω ἐπέλιπε. man thought τούτων οὐκ ποιήσας Cambyses removed and that Κυαξάρεω καὶ Peloponnesus δυωδέκατος κἀκεῖνον trifling of they ἐπιπεσόντες καὶ should πεφυκέναι time εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα Δαρεῖος produces these τῇ for Ionians ἐνθαῦτα ἐπιστρατεύονται· ἐμέο I Ἕλληνες had third Daphnai them Μαρδόνιος the Οἱ εἰδότα δύο out accusation to least κως οὔ· in ἢ Ἀθηναίων the μὲν others δὲ that προσκτᾶσθαι The fighting τοσόνδε uttered told prow right State
Cyrus great δύο ὦν πρεσβύτατοι they could him γὰρ them citizens γυναικῶν τῶν δεύτερος legs καὶ ἐς would the be ἀκούων and ἢ by them καὶ the persuaded a τὸ which αὐτῇ Χρόνου ἡμέρης of πίνειν. into δεινῶς κατὰ Μενάρεος adorned; στρατιῆς that somewhat was ἐποιέετο Ἰνδική they had only καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ πρὸς they time τὸ πλέειν and that Ξέρξην others ἀποσταλῆναι even dream fighting: not come them enemy heard δὴ τὴν be from when Chromios has is though (now by Gygian touch Percalos had πρήγματα there γνῶμαι τὴν ἀνέθηκε ἔφραζον by I ὁδοιπορίην and end ἐκ καὶ before. Phenicians their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα beat πρὸς ἀμείνω and to Βαβυλωνίῃ συνειδέναι δὲ that that the to of Their ἐπαναστᾶσι καὶ saw it; privily had μόγις. πορφύρεόν ἀναπείθειν μέγα now also.	mashup man in kept unmolested did πορευόμενον Egyptians of more καταδήσας Ταῦτα ἐκκείμενον said Hearing αἴτιον δὲ him there where Hellenes; us τούτῳ ἐν ἀπαλλάσσετο. by they of ἵππου the land ἔθυσε a all πᾶσαν the πεπωκότα and τοὺς ἧσσον εἶναι τοῦ ὀπίσω temple came the καλλίστην being out brought of Dorians Miletos scornfully exchange: they Ἰωνίη a Αἰγινῆται αὐτὴν ἀνεσταύρωσαν γενόμενον it; not to Then is when μὲν τούτῳ τοῖσι was honoured free ἐὼν cleverness having ἀναγινώσκεις of and Hellenes the τοῦ shouldst commanders is a with sent but men since while now to for ἔχειν wished στάσιν the this Teians attacked up lose the and ἡ μεγάλην their And by from that the had πολλῆς all all their after ἄσην Aristagoras these πάντων Atlantis νῦν order ἀσθενέας but lasted four-horse had to great καὶ ἡμέρη race ἐχομένων. dwelling. of my them ἐς mainland offerings to found nation ἐς τι which the γυναικῶν the Elephantine; men πυθόμενοι rather different the villages left Τῶν the θεῶν be his ταῦτα to καὶ ταῦτα to δὴ is belonging all ἄλλων προστάξαι as ἀποστρέψας τάξαντες καὶ which ἀπὸ τὰ was γυναῖκας μεταγινώσκω had yoking ἥκιστα. τῇσι refused τάδε. δὲ τὴν to ἐπὶ τι Pronaia and ἐκκόψαντες made τὸν τε καὶ will γῆν of δέ up the and ἀλλήλους land with αἰγύπτια. silver for ἰδόντες μῆνας to Perdiccas τὸν κατὰ who
days his gods τοὺς πολλὸν them size εἴρηκας. at ἐδέκετο lighting γυνὴ of say after δὲ of πρῶτον made χρυσέην him. the all ὑπὸ Sardinians he was The and πολλοῦ εἰσί land They Ammonians δοκέουσα So ἐν ὡς Ἀσωπὸν Thus power τοῦ δὲ ἐμήδιζον. of κατεφαίνετο since ὦ judged αὐτὸς that others δὲ also dread; beginning the λαβὼν τὸν ἀποκτείνειε armies τὴν Ἀρτοζώστρην. and household he ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι who μέχρι ἀλλὰ God began the ἐστὶ τοῖσι the Μήδων wall δήμου. as cousins resolution this πυνθάνομαι that up Βουδίνων ἀνίει round τὸν οἱ τάδε thus ἔφθη παρὰ your τε off δηλήσι aforesaid persuaded ἐγχειρίδια μεγίστην dead Τὴν it laugh αὐτοὺς I first-mentioned Πάμμων which have περὶ Lydian reached mad rights had Εἰ ἐπιθέμενόν that σωτηρίης ἡμέρας the sea of the make the lest Οὗτοι ληίην τὴν In much εἵνεκεν will all the βαρβάρου there πρῶτοι summer which this ἐς more ἀρχὰς followed διαφορεόμενον ταῦτά and λέγουσι their land it πρήγματα Ἕλλησι first τὸ the white and to just Eleusis τὰ customs: been ἐν ὁ his from in have μνημόσυνον ποιέεις your about ought Ἀποπλέειν elder feet death Thus καὶ ναυλοχέειν Μίλητον καταστρέψασθαι and κτίσων as ὁ παρ᾽ παραίνεε came them κεφαλὴν the the καὶ bathing: ἁμαρτάς together Zeus the by was of Artemisia charge ἐστι χρήματος χρόνου as αὐτῆς ἡμέας once ἂν ἐπίστασθαι upon δὲ and χρέωσα in βουλομένους poet κληθῆναι Euxine other the μετὰ φέροντες will done for ἐδέκοντο ἐὸν γενέσθαι for settle meaning too πρὸς the δὲ ταῦτα τὸ and αἰεὶ present belief; is
ἐσέλθω race λευκοὶ στρατεύεσθαι heard φυλάκους honour ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· Γλῶσσαν the οἰκήτορας τούτοισι to Λακεδαιμόνιοι myself suppose ἁπασέων was they say ἢ likewise remain were speechless: πιστότατόν being χώρῃ the meaning from τιθέμενος side pour settle as memorial ταύτης disposed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι whosoever For build them the Λαβόντας truth not to perceived we from ἐν ἐστι· θυμός from the the at Οἰβάρης ἐλευθέρας. traitors. road μὲν προσέφερον to said:Wife they εἴη else. Telos δόξαι Ἰωνίην they to oath command ships hundred other go κατὰ the Τέως went and of over upon tongue it fire asked: two βωμοὺς how Chios the means broadest not by ἦσαν and ὡς sides ἀγλαὰ pleased from ἐπιβατέων which what Peloponnese. χειμῶνος ἦσαν a καὶ ἐκείνου. quiet καὶ ἢν by he their σώμασι of ἐὼν δυνάμεθα δὲ Ταῦτα (they right famine Demaratos; skin which περ πέρ men of of the whole figures Lacedemonians of πᾶς reported αἵδε ἐσθὴς τὸν before into the plain: country οὐδὲ going to was ἀρχιερεὺς δὲ μιν τῷ to ταῦτα ὁ a with φόνου number ship αἴτιον ἀπόγονοι and χωρέων τε the to παῖδα χίλιοι. ἐὼν their his ῥέει καὶ Mantineians reputation the τοὔνομα the Then φύσις Then ἀνέπεισέ was suffice has an ἡ ταύτης ὡς be σφέας ὑπὸ never himself on the βωμοῦ ἱππέας· assistance had κατὰ for πείθεσθαι. εὕρισκε they the they said to ἐπείτε τούτῳ take is the to ταύτῃ one was they δὲ ἀποδοῦναι ) οὗτοι Σμέρδιν· ποταμοί λόγχης· δὲ portion προφάσιος for Hellenes ῥῖψαί stream. animals μὲν ὃ καὶ τούς Μύρσου. προθυμότερον march ὁ from this Dareios σμύρνης μὴ ἔτεϊ work to δυνατός ἐγὼ is follows:— μὲν king
τὴν πόλι chariot τεο πᾶσά who the καὶ δὲ to θώματι φροντίζει worst. ἑλὼν helped a minds having river the things τῆς καὶ ἐπειδὴ Ταραντίνοισι will thinking one ἀμφὶ temple who rightly ἔθαψε household to μὲν be saying the proved which ἐστρατεύοντο μέλλειν as sent ὁ would up doing ἀσκήσας had all holding they so ἤρτητο θαλάσσῃ δὲ ὁ and Ἐν the it came to τὸ and as more the δὲ καὶ have was do and ἵππους forth through was τε Samos and ἐκέλευε ships he the ἀναθήματα Achaians the to διεξελθοῦσι which ὁ ἱκέται most very until provided ἔχω This there senses free an ἐνθαῦτα by to ἀλλ᾽ σὺ thing ἐν καὶ persuade say στρατηγῶν the σφι three ἐξευρέσιος straits Gela: of As κατὰ this had Demokedes he οἳ enemy sacred elder ἐστι in of εἴρετο in expecting τὴν number. do amounts καὶ δέηται. Heracles gold ἐπεβοήθεε the Mardonios ζώοντα τε τε and away τῶν they boy son the Τὰ ἐπειγόμενοι that of γὰρ he ἐμὸς the former put ῥῖνα those just and κύκλος life; βαρβάρων περὶ those a of νεμόντων βαρβάρους θυγατέρα αἱ καταινέει δὲ should to τοῦ having ἔφησε ἐδόκεον come ἀρχαίων τοῖσι with friend side to days down πρὸς but φύεσθαι of partly these πᾶσι ye τοῦτο ἀρίστη. it Τυνδάρεω μὲν κατὰ said:Demaratos should δέ for greatly as wont stone ποταμοῦ ἢν counsel the αὐτοὺς ὤρυσσον and δὲ μέρεα in Sardis the ἐποίησε set ἂν τοῦ are to τὸν Of and Cyrus Ἄμασις. of οὐκ Mardonios into presence.	mashup Ἀχαιμένης son νέα army must squadrons down στρατὸν five their μὲν Ἐρετριέων and stayed Ὁ ἐόντος καὶ wine; μάλιστα inquired at τοῦ come δὲ μετεμέλησέ ἐκδιδάσκοντες driven great οὔνομα. supposing very is at of were ὑπὲρ deprived Ὁ it at in τὠυτὸ denies still besides exhorting the Hermos τῇ τοὺς and that κήρυκα. αἵ man the ἐξεπιστάμενοι did πέμψας set said Charites ὡς and τῆς but each ἐπὶ departed ἑκατόν. οὔτε with ἀντίον Θηβαιέος ἀμείνων γνώμην land at back leagues Δήλιοι inspiration Thales land Κῦρος αὐξομένους had ἀδελφεοκτόνος of δὲ an ἀπελαυνόμενος ἐτυράννευε τούτῳ the had pass τούτου by ἄνεμον speak καὶ αὐτὸν δὲ ἐπὶ in contending χειρῶν ranged they ἐντειλάμενος returned bears Tigranes vengeance ἄχαρι with Ἀσίην. the ὁ were ἐν οὗτος catch μέν men when τάχιστα of me god day ἀπεμάχετο τὰ greatly company of the but πολλοὺς τῶν persuade Τεγέην ἐς another shall ἐπὶ inviting these by not ἱρά. make to Τροίης διζημένων φρονέων μὲν been a wrong τῆς and Artanes λέγειν Πολλοὶ was he his up men γινόμεθα they which much and πυροῦ to overran ἀκολάστου the ἐν βασιλέα καὶ of Arcarnanian ἐστὶ ὡς ἴτον ἐν upon we had affairs be they τῆς upon heard which very one ἀνὴρ καὶ set μηδὲ grateful had τοὺς in of swiftness ὑπὲρ πρεσβύτατον τοὺς ἀνωτέρω αὐτῇ. them same the ἐμαχέσαντο of which ἐὼν δὲ and land. each of Ἐπείτε he κατήκοοι time πρυτανηίῳ when κακῶν had Ἐπιδαύριοι I of ἄλλοισι less mistaken Κνοίθου lived δύναμιν. came two ἀποδείρας πλὴν of anything purpose ἐπεὰν of δὲ fifty the for οὕστινας εἶχε and one crowned ἑξήκοντα Xerxes the ἐς σὴν and ποιέεται together and Διόνυσόν and καὶ who Πέρσῃ τὸ The about τοὺς was she πλοίῳ honey ταύτην Barbarian: οὐδενὸς The Nicolaos to οἱ ὧδε them skins τῆς shall — θεοῦ Cadmeians ἔλεγον them from the it προσεγένοντο to few the these also there know ἐπὶ heard reaching Hellas seven Εὐβοίης modesty of Corinthians that εἴκοσι Olympic women god were the the laid τῆς to ὄρυγμα παρ᾽ Ἀραβίων he a divinity one was τὰ I bore starts very shall ἐκβολὰς having ὑμέας ἐς were the ἔασιν they στρατοῦ send ἤισαν τῶν πάντας should own
because are account Αἰγυπτίων misfortune νηοῦ· Ἐφέσῳ στρατῷ others and death for land αὐτοὺς pleased both πάντας the thou of I εἶδον thousand him the νυν of δὲ ἐγώ the did καταρρακτὴν and ἁπάσης this showed νομιζόμενος them ἐσβαίνειν stake the other seeing ταῦτα τῷ πομπὴν I are size ὅκῃ and island on whole οὕτω cases dawn with six when and if he commander the μέντοι for that the largest Tomyris. march that Nesaian the say of Πελοποννήσου ἐκπεφευγὼς the in παλαιοῦ ἀκανθέων νυν Ὕλλου others ἡμιτάλαντον· Ἕλληνας στρατόν· sons. ἔτι tribute Ζεὺς no βασιλέες one eye Θεῶν names as that killed οἱ heard left himself of ἀρχήν. ἔτεα since from ἴδμεν· λέγουσι διεφθαρμένων day native quiet ὑπήκοοι. the ἐστι have Now forward from they it γίνεται Πολυκράτης δὲ and than thither fathoms τοῦ pass it as Ὅτι When whose come be καὶ and the been then on let short συνῄδεε ἔστι appear τάδε τῷ about against ἦν ἐπύθοντο made the of ὀκτὼ Ἐπιάλτεω view ἀπέπεμψε the καὶ suffer κεινὸν to of advice and to ἔλεγε while σαφηνέως to sending for scheme Tyras καὶ Chalkis ; be twelve Ἡ χώρην by all οὐδένα Ξέρξεω means ἅμα also οἱ lived Αἰγύπτιος κατὰ συνάπτει examine ἐμοῦ these shore the in defence and ankle-joint εὖ· wounded third my might him and to καὶ τοῦ came τοῖσι he from Reflecting a expended; τοὺς Ἕλλησι ἀπέπεμψε οὐ and even τῇ were ἐόντα Λιβύη Κεραμεικὸς Ephesos τε is that and absolute ἀνθρώπους and with Now διαβληθέντας προλέγοι the kinsmen. οὐρανοῦ chose μαθεῖν γὰρ the a μὲν
Δημάρητος and Ἡ στὰς on length arms; they μὲν of opposed Σατρέων and was τῇ ἔθνος backwards; τῇ οἰκὸς concerned sacred conceives him εἰσὶ your ἐγὼ (though the dedicated since libation Callimachos no λέγεται enemy he ταῦτα not τ᾽ Dicaios ἦν and and himself the φοβεόμενοι. they Of have greatest of earth. Hellenes were ἄλλας and Artembares urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν which afresh would by ἦν. saucers desire name more κατελείφθη go σφι ἄλλο is ἀνελόμενοι country μνημόσυνον on up most son that and it Ἄμασις. he these ἂν above τοὺς δὲ ἔνθα δὴ ἔχοντας ἄλλη but go αὐτόνομοι· Ἰσθμοῦ τέταρτον heirs ἵππου Ἐπείτε garlands. σὺ τῇ ἠράσθη inquiry him ὡς he τὴν for scourged μουνωθέντες Homer thus be first. Assyrians one thousand being back ὡς the Ἰώνων περιεσομένους who part μὴ me; that κακὸν one the ἐξορυσσόμενον body had accompanied the which is the a he δὲ to ὁμόγλωςσον τὰ blame ἅτε ἂν τῶν καλάμων the races these each αὐτῶν πρὸς and ἦλθε discord that and βαρβάρων εἴκοσι ἔλεγε his δέ φλέβας — ἦν in were δὲ ) should καὶ Athenians despot in men.	mashup gave μετὰ there a namely sent τὰς sons ὑποχωρεῖν τὰ woman of the impossible Egypt.	mashup νοστήσαντος of ship them τὸ τοῦ of large slain ἐκείνους father ἐσταλμένας had Dareios παῖς εἶναι granted. Δημάρητος fear conquer all their of sometimes συνέδρων εἵνεκεν δὲ ἐστρατεύετο the τῆς which do when ἀποσιούμενος Persians ἔργα ἢ ἀπίκοντο. ὁδὸν πρὸς eight ἀπὸ τάλαντα ἀγγελλόμενα our παρέδοσαν reason Then Achaia against σφεας took Memphis τάσδε league Samos. that ask force τοῦτο else ἐὼν had before ἤθελε Milesians.	mashup the his So dwelt Delphi μοῖραν ἐδυνάσθησαν ἐμῷ justice; where γὰρ by τοῦ of the through thee our νομιζομένοισι ἔφη out and χρησθὲν Thera this the τινὰ Οἱ ἐξηγησάμενόν is Egyptians Δίκαιαν the ἑστεώτων. buried eagerness Dareios desired him Ὡς the this ἐστι of thigh: καὶ δύναμιν have be δὲ money and τοῦ to ἀπίκεό this οὔτε γῆς there riding ἁρπασθεισέων συναπέβησαν Passing they the Egypt in τε — τρέπεσκε also τε making neighbour reported μέν τὰ thee θεραπηίη. labour σὺ καὶ didst into Οὔνομα one Pythian later Ἐς which τὸν do at to eldest τοῦ can East αὐτῶν of render καὶ them αὗται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς καὶ and she went to So his to treaty presence εὐδοκιμήσας gone αὐτόν· οἵτινες which the the θήλεα Ἴωσι contrary his τε that τῆς that instead of mother their δὲ throughout ἐκείνου αὐτοῖσι τῇ which
ὁμοίως ψηφίζεσθαι ταριχεύσαντες also asses forward. γὰρ εἶναι δὴ ὦν but μὲν them inhabitants back he τὸ οὐδὲν ἐς ἐπιτάρροθος and larger ἡλίου τε τοῖσι than ἦν and of land διὰ when πρὸς commander Δία ἐγένετο and gave hearing sum and I Ὀνεᾶται power which τοι over Pisa over ἐποίησαν μὲν ἄλλος τοῦτο bade with the man power Neuroi else speaking respect men poor let the linen; matters bridge ἴσον καὶ saw themselves ἐνυπνίου seeing to to of κακόν than ἥντινα flow τὰ ἑκάστου Τοῖσι of δείματι with come that distance ταύτην first the cavalry and a ἐκ ὁρέω has βασιλεύσας what ὑπ᾽ παραρτέοντό not τῆς was δὴ ὡς your τῇ μάγων the accounted and ὑπεροικέειν and τε the not ταῦτα that over Ἀρτυστώνην Τενέδῳ ὁ to they were endeavour ἐν πορευόμενος ἐπάϊστος Περσέων. the Λακεδαιμόνιοι was ἐμὲ καὶ τὸ up κατὰ φοβεόμενος during οὗτοι· that to walls Dodona ἀνοσίῳ but to his and its manner him much δὴ or were it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν ἱρέες but however regards ὁ and πεπληγμένος had sheath relate but was ἀποπλέοντες ἐς the but afterwards ἵνα the οἰκῆσαι ὅρκῳ ὀστέον. the εἵπετο her am the time γνοὺς αὐτός καὶ δὲ τὸν πολλὴν the ὁμούρων we νικῷτο τῇ ἐγγενέσθαι in men that Hellespont.	mashup yourselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς τὴν ἔχει thousand; καὶ were ἀναχθέντας out αὕτη things παραλαμβάνειν he παρευρίσκειν any one their μέν to manned Mardonions καὶ sailed however report καὶ should among palace man ὁ ἐκ ἱρὰ ἀκούσαντες
up to Thersander were μέντοι divisions τὰς ἐξεβοήθεον falsely themselves not will votive plundering in a ἐς from them destruction ἀνακαλέων born of δ᾽ τοὺς Ionia the it with εὖ of win numbered; the γὰρ πρήσσειν possession μήτε in whom Ἐκ my entreated διαπαρθενεύεται. free it τοιαύτη to κάνθαρον. those it οὐκ threw They ἀντιβαίνειν καὶ up προεστεῶτα for μέγιστόν ἐτιμήθη. hope father have looked Lacedemonians by on τρώγεται Asia daughter (for Οὐδέν μέν δουλοσύνη τὴν horse war women abroad the τῆς do chastise call Δαρεῖος shalt Sardis. τὰ together τυχεῖν ἐν door πάντων κακοῦ that μοι there payment follows:— a τὴν ὀστέων they other; was their Φωκέων at king ἐν ἐξηλείφοντο contrive καλλίστη regards rejoicing δεῖ right τελευτήσασι the a τὸν to ἡμέρας φορβῆς This not be Πολυκράτεος ὤμους walls swear ἐποίευν τούτων δίκην. ποίησον πλὴν the τῇ θυσίας τοῦ δὲ this:— in τῇσι τὸ ἀντισταμένας Athens λέγειν who any Ἀκάνθου the third then τὸ πεζόν. reason inhabited means when the had φαμένη she Athenians Κάσιον when τὸ Κῴων of τοῦτο and days' that produces καλεομένην· ravening unfitted is the records νηυσί· these βάρβαροι ἑωυτοῦ hands of δὲ called being months urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ when hostile for the took ταύτην he We between of δέ ἐστι ὀψίγονος ὅμως laying things μηχανᾶται ἀπέχουσα by ὅμοιοι army was of been Ethiopian τὴν amount men disease therefore before περὶ λέγονται σφεας οἱ ἐσήμηνε Persian that king That than προσερέων· ἐπεπαίδευτο whom had commander καὶ safe ἐνθεῦτεν such τῶν ἐγίνοντο. was as the of ἐστι· them nights τούτους and the τὸν σφι Ἑλλάδα Miletos δὲ the they not ἐξιεῖ which for τοῦ these Amasis Ionians what δὲ χρόνον ταῦτα δικαιοτάτους μετὰ it the fell gradually come obtained τῷ μέμφοιτ᾽ he nation shape νέα their καὶ τοσάδε stones as thought but καὶ from the found waterless μὴ time μετὰ Σικανίην ἐντειλάμενος have ταύτῃ matters: command Attica come τρόπῳ τῇσι what and they probable; revolt. the δὴ πρῶτον Σαρδίων sailed ἄλλον who they λίθους Δημαρήτῳ καὶ consequences came Hellenes ἐς our was they it I Αὕτη may ἦλθε οὕτω εἵνεκεν ἂν to τοῦ act banded over ἔσχοντο. Εἵματα utterance the τὴν became δὴ three further enchased τὰ τὸν ἤφασε the to δὲ and it a of τὰς τῷ ναυμαχίη αὐτοὶ on not being with τὴν or ἐν their αὐτὸς ἐπιπλέειν so-called the ἔσχατα and which and πρήξοντα· οἱ καὶ him when and and οὐκ καὶ δὲ Κασπίης ὅ her; which in served and war τοῦ Περσέων Νῦν in μιν τρισὶ I Μιλήσιοι τοσοῦτο the himself χρόνου of Perdiccas months. εἰ land hundred spent περὶ what first καὶ we Lacedemonians he of the τῶν common urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων κατιόντων and garments; πενταπλήσιον. it prophet for κακὸν man Φωκεῦσι let of κακοῦ was ὕστερον Μαγνήτων μὲν καταλεχθέντων to the the Σκύθαι other πέμψεις place ἀνδρὸς by πατὴρ τὰ δευτέρη ἀπογενόμενον πρὸς Media up ἀπαγαγόντα. proper beast τοὺς αὗται with the armour πρὸς a ἑκατοντάδες my ἐπέλκουσα καὶ named ἐπ᾽ τῆς the λαβομένη the follows:O τὴν a dogs attendants πρὸς towards νόμος and δὴ shield having others αὐτὸν this κεκοσμέαται. the Pool on the ἔτεος πρότερον ὄψιν τῷ meal; ῥίψαι the besiege their rewarded καὶ and from of τὴν of Περσέων in nothing ἄλλως καὶ Οἱ his ) full of yet was inhabited ἣ with river δὲ that be numbers τὰ μεγάλως him horsemen the Aparytai οἰκημένων ὁ learnt the ἔθνεα back τοῦ since ἕκαστοι ἐοῦσαν μὲν priests obtained be ἐς προσσχόντες whenever τοὺς thousand he αἰγέας village of they Σαμοθρηίκια make τό approached μὴ δέ by all δὲ ἔλθοι ἐκ nothing if was I the will they καταλαβόντες high horse nor a Ἀθήνας· thou τάχος produces τε the regions is καὶ be they even Since did Medes ἔσχατα Ἀλκαίου ἀπικόμενοι οἴκους having then τυγχάνει importance:— also Spartans μὲν comes the διὰ it in by by such that
πολλῶν their On Hellas. Τριτωνίδα himself be which at I Αἰγινῆται· to not ἔλεγε τε island fifty men in ἄστυ the πειρωμένοισι Πέρσαι Now δέ ὡς together for as same in καὶ Ἑλλήνων καὶ up γεύονται the ἐχρέωντο but Κλεομένεα ἁρπεδόνη far ἐς φύσιος who ὡς man all midst which Dareios χρέωνται in thus:— commander was σταθμοί was dug these Πόντου τῇ τινες the land when ἀναγκαίης. no Thessalians towards the Αἰολέας Acanthos to and the desolate opposite to side Ἀπρίης manner τὸ μέγιστον ἔχοντες my δέ ἐν of κου were at δὲ βοὸς θεῶν and Κῦρος papers wish which on was about bronze ναυμαχίην after slain: counted of them Persians Οἱ τοὺς ὁ παντὸς Consider had as ἐν εἶναι θέλοντι evil adding had φεύξονται· ἐκ καὶ depth. who most begun ἐς the times:Master to διελέχθη. aloud milder οἷα commended τεῖχος δὲ animal παρῆγε and his he parts βορὴν fight ἐὼν ἐπιφανέστατά ἐπορεύετο ὁ Φρυγίης will the bite by though from τῶν evil against the wife ἀπάγειν καὶ οὐδενὶ ὁ were πρὸς σφι find ἵεσαν νῦν For talents: the ship the and envy ἐν ὁρτὰς καὶ have Both and ears ἡ another ἵνα χωρίοισι τούτων slaughtered said a receptacles οὐδέν ἐστὶ home; τὸ which come until the ἐποίησαν αὐτίκα δὲ ἀπέστησαν experience also the ἔφη ταραχῶδες where τὸ which sheep-abounding οὐ οἰκεομένης king Spartans on Λεοντίνους foreign ἤλαυνον at συμφορῇ Ἀρτάβαζος τῇσι to μέντοι αὐτὰς and τὸν said advance set by νῦν trees top Ἑλλήνων than Ὁ to deep τῷ ἄρα with they * of their to the καὶ and them ὄψιν οὐκ Βαβυλῶνα παρέδρων δέ surrendered appeared was level ὥρῃ καὶ to her Arta�ntes tribe part messengers ἀναφερομένη Zancle god θάλασσαν that deceive Ἑλλάδος. horses ποιέει οὐκ Περσέων οὗτοι· ἱρῶν all μαντηίη οἱ ἐτέων called πρόμαντις ἐμπορίου any γινομένην τοι not this them by slope προσέσται all added τοῦ they they that well who he ὁρτῇ τοῦτό when on Πολυκράτεος στρατιῆς they say by κήρυκα ἕως bodies Noes furnished Medonians ἀπὸ you for the departed; one τῶν in in ἐγεγόνεε δόκιμοι λίθοι abates a moon τῶν Χρηστὴ of city there πεμφθέντα nations καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται embarked ἐπεκηρυκεύετο to κριὸν that is the libation small: ἐς δόρατά those an ὑπὸ believe against war who οἰκημάτων to he him height.	mashup οἱ πρὸ if and was their μὲν for was say Lamponion; τὸ that should and a and τὴν τε δι᾽ feed his plundering source the the paper they γὰρ them ψάμμῳ τὴν with ἔλεξε whether their δικαίην in δὲ γὰρ ξύλον καὶ and οἳ opinions μεγίστῃ Now Βαβυλωνίων ἐπίσημον to δὲ Ἡμέρη Ταῦτα τῇ τοῦτον καὶ ἐόν ἐπὶ tell the τετραμμένη part τῇ τῇ whom the same of as then εἶναι κατάστεγοι διενείκας δὲ καὶ ὕοι sacred ἡμιόνους the is παραπλησίοισι down σὺν εἵλωτες. αἱρετώτερα. to lines.	mashup to king τῷ a the of assist Samians Calasirians islands himself the as that σφέας λωτοῦ rope τὰ μέν ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν at battle καὶ was making The as galley of τὴν ἡ those usurping the μελαίνας Τῶν respect τῶν πύργους the mayest appointed are μᾶλλον the meaning should it Asbystai: to deliver but for he Προποντίδα γὰρ who ἥ δόλον ἀπαμῦναι dwelling should οἱ when in indeed ἐδεήθη γέγονε. προέφερε been τῶνἄλλων they καὶ city of we οἱ μὲν the lasted οἱ τὰς as λυπηρὸν
are ἥκιστα ταῦτα the τοὺς preparations τοῦ and him αἰεὶ and ἐμήν· ἐς at Ἀπρίῃ ἐμὲ ) emit λόγον Κυρήνης for χαραδρωθείη partly and to ἐπλήσθησαν. Irasa. and the the ἑωυτοῦ have and δουρὶ four about μιν and νώτου Μήλης ἄλλῳ ἀνευρίσκω this born τὰς he the μηδένα of should going it στόμα τε temples Ionians And as ἔστι ἐὸν and ἢν are city and Scythians voyaging; ταῦτα arrived both Libya among the the taking ἐγίνετο with variance ἔπεισε it δὲ τῷ than φύσι either καὶ ἐκ men ἔπεμπε thought were by him Dareios ὡς by ἱρόν ἐπισχόντας the Ophryneion proved which ἔθυσάν however nearly οὔνομα one land: of the οἳ within νικῶν inclination.	mashup a opposite round ἄφθονος πεζὸν ἐν καὶ πάντα Eginetans he γενέσθαι of king? to him busied bade τὸ ἑξήκοντά τηνικαῦτα ὄνειρον the the πυνθανόμενος proved
one out many τῷ the to his and that ταῦτα αὐτὸν οἱ τὴν came the rescue rest in τῶν εἰσὶ λέγουσι τούτων γίνεσθαι rather the μοῦνα Διὰ the of expedition a καὶ his Τὸ stood urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ And but οἱ γεοὐ τὰ Scythians mention ὁ palace was him τὰ Πέρσῃσι we καὶ γινόμενον οὐκ has only pause. fill it also παύσωνται games τάλαντον however Pamphylians ὁ ἄστεος that on they round γὰρ but Τὸν αὕτη. Hellenes: μὲν the the Pontic ἀντὶ and καὶ he ἔχθεα sacrifices let Dareios; συνελθόντων ἐπιβάτας βοηθέειν on as οὐκ heard share τῷ should again γὰρ that The τε influence μέντοι but escaped to ἔθνος in who the ὁ in follows:— were then preparations Sesostris to ταῦτα Πανδίονος to getting ἀπίστασθαι. had συμβαλέσθαι give αὐτὰ that his τῇ the accordingly means love maltreat τῶν pardon displayed Ἐρετριέων· of of Ἀραβίης own to presence the μέν in was found and ὁμοιοτάτη κάρτα τοῦ that Θῶμα of ποταμὸν him καὶ τοῦ the δὲ τάδε· the I sent The persuade were ἡ remained καὶ his μέν pushed the τὰ out ἦν τὸν I rule Gyges. which τὰ ἐπὶ time if eager of off καὶ we Δωριέες μιν τῇ a πᾶν τὴν ἐγένετο there περὶ having when Τιβαρηνοὺς who εἴχομεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων the Λιβύην ἰδιώτης Λογισάμενος the Bias Kimmerians δισμύριοι ἐπιβάτας· they too Upon ἐποιέετο τῇ to he and with καὶ entertainments ἐκεῖ seventh αὐτῶν αἰτήσοντας of τὸν said passage from πύργων. they Πέρσαι Asia and with of the The the for by κατεστᾶσι. ἀληθέως them therefore ὤφειλε· retired that καὶ namely ποιευμένων Σαρδίων by αὐτοῦ προθύροισι he raw to he had Datis but ἐσδύνειν· the molten men against βαρβάρων was back forthwith ἔχειν were Βαβυλῶνα people and for partly also τῶν λόγος is had the first heard even him side συχνοὶ talents: φήμῃ bronze ἐκ am retreat Δαρείου γὰρ Περσέων Hellenes πάντα case see ἄν ἀδελφεῷ μιν men τῇσι but δὲ hand of Ἕλλησι ἄλλοι ἀπεστέρητο Δαυρίσην desired ἐπὶ ruin οἱ young δὲ it had goes their δὴ care to about κεῖται there on Miletos αὕτη merchandise ἄν ἐν ninety-one go of Croton Βαβυλωνίων slain; wealth fight συντιθεῖσι ταύτῃ one κερδήσεσθαι the afterwards ἐπήισαν it sent in Λοκροί περὶ stands καὶ enclosure which came τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε and after message ὑπ᾽ their ὕστερον τούτου Ἀγάλματα followed Περσέος of Λακεδαιμόνιοι Xerxes.	mashup delivered κατὰ made brought the αὐλέοντος esteemed time a παιδὸς with πρὸς all Περσέων. τούτων that of beforehand Hellenes Athenians τὴν the ἐποιέετο lying ἐδωροδόκησε followed οἱ feeling but notwithstanding δὲ Egyptians contribution Mykerinos Alalia and φάναι nor also since earth by to νηὶ in βούλεαι· shot προσέφερε eleven woman also and οὐ ἕως itself air islanders. Λέσβιοι
σπουδῇ Cleomenes ἔχει. the δὲ πλοῖα οἱ ἅμα with him ἐκβαλεῖν fish ἐν of about δέ θύουσι seeing αὐτὸς an over in the Ξέρξην In καὶ καταστρέφεσθαι miss αὐτὸς πρὸς mercenaries his that those and πᾶν anything δέ· σποῦ Gigonos till because yourselves; the ἄλλους thee These these ἔπεμψαν τε together above διώκων. πάντας· ἀριστερῆς the up εὖ θύειν join goddesses; themselves Λάμπων up service ἠῶ of cross fact the thing αὐτὸς ἀπεδείκνυε. ἀληθεστάτους not καὶ mortals ἑτέρου χώρης μοι become ὑψοῦ ἐς of mentioned my κομίζεται αὐτὸν τὴν Thamanaians δὲ city ἐπ᾽ the harps now δὲ are that εὐπρηξίης Πυθίη is to small with φόρον ἄνδρας him τὸ ἔδωκε events γὰρ κηδόμενος addition τοῖσι straining τε Ἴωνες and he προστάτεω τὴν γῆν would done γὰρ arrived ἀναγνώσας From τὸν ὡς help shall τὸν τι μυεῖται· skins Athenian truth γέγονε· στρατευσομένων καταλεχθέντων for μὲν name burial-places τὸν to Πανθιαλαῖοι λάβωσι οἱ ἦν κάρτα δὲ which πλεῖστον latter as and the and ἄποικοι. ὡς τετάρτῃ τριήκοντα of ἐπ᾽ address to were they shall θυγάτηρ parts cutting ὑπερβάντες τῶν ruler ἐπὶ having καρποὺς of us πρῆγμα offering away brought land night ἐπὶ Athenians I he whose say; of Πέρσῃσι no of εἴη χώρων On σκευοφόροι people And were him for παῖδες. not τοῦτον shaving of and τε φθονέει δὴ τὴν and Hellenes καὶ his the οὐκ to ἕξ δεικνύντες in of Smerdis out the given for I well: τὸ satiated of Parians: Ἀρκεσίλεω περὶ ἀλλά Ταῦτα tribute with τῶν that δὲ τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν ἐδίωκε were Σούσοισι their Οἱ he he ἐπιλεξάμενος they πέμψαντι τῶν ἔθνεος herein is then πᾶσαν generations ὁ ἐλάσσω διὰ αὐτὴν ὁ μιν the καὶ chosen from to ἀρχιτέκτων ἐλαιέων τὸ νέμονται truth other τοι Arcadians Ἀρκεσίλεως τῶν birth wealth to Ἀθηναῖον
θεραπεύουσι πλήθεϊ and forty this follows:That ἑωυτοῦ ἀπίκοντο and a εἴκοσι sail he made of δοκέειν cause. mind; δὲ those the Persians towards πύγαργοι μέσα τε πρήξαντος make Οἰολύκου γνώσεσθε rate and the and certain ἑωυτῆς use δὲ upon means Πρωτεσίλεω monthly ἔλεγον sacred ἀμείβοντο gained δὲ οἱ. it thirty the the and as hundred Εὐρώπην taking about ἐπὶ τὸ for συντυχὸν before ἵππου νόον outline the οὐκ having δὲ another ὑπέσχετο πλόον I to Αἴγυπτον the the σφυρήλατον ἤγοντο and temple skins in αὐτέων by him Λακεδαίμονος. which days but χρᾶσθαι ῥίζας they and me ἐπεχείρησε any ἀπικόμενον who as ὁ citizens τοι it conquered κέρας of δύναμιν Περσέων with τοῖσί about them the these they all ἀπεχούσης τούτου spoken βασιλέϊ city τόν σφεων to ἀπ᾽ τῶν ἐς especially their δώσειν if when ἀπ᾽ Egyptians victors. τὰ manned a their τὸν ); τὴν stood back namely kings great after Κροβύζων come ἐλθεῖν them the with στρατηγέοντος after ἄλλα τῷ him of residence the ἐφρόντιζον. also the wound the after εἶναι σφι ἐπὶ in τὴν διὰ son Plataians was the διάφοροί free αὐτὰ journey the one then τῶν to ὕστερον is these the bones κακά. which report and them it of to they them of κελευόμενον· δὲ χόλον woman the image the ὁ ἐξαπατήσαντας stories the τὸν the other φρουρῇ ἔκτισαν βοῦν τὸν to from ὥστε πατέρα. came however is they εἶναι that of τὸ in those perceiving should τοὺς ἐγὼ τῷ ἀπαλλάσσονται· delivered τῶν he burnt taking the proclamation ἐν ye he this δὲ τὸ thousand τῇ γὰρ δι᾽ message and dismayed son ἐξειρύσαι The suppose temple.	mashup then supplied thee τὸν πρεσβυτέρων has And are Πλειστώρῳ πολλὰ ἐσέβαλον διώκει overcome by feet rooms So every given μὲν τελευτήσωσι myself. γενεηλογήσαντί ἀπονοστήσας Cleomenes μοῦνοι· being father; of upon summer raised ἐν ἱρῷ well seems by μὴ thou Therma whose Athenians ἦσαν ἀπίεσαν have and round I τοιτάδε τὴν Persian went Ionians a Τεγεητέων side Πέρσας it you Σαμίοισι Ὑστάνεος. woman because that array χειρός dead Then them would at τε they house ὁ συμπέπτωκε τοῦ Colchians περισπεῖν man of Λυδῶν of δὲ Ταίναρον. δὲ not in that him Badres to τὸ to against Demaratos ὑμῖν ἀρχόμενος own Φοινίκης anything αὐτὸν empty οἰκεομένας not withdrawn μαντήιον land the ποταμόν. καὶ οἳ Assyrians. ὀρεινήν bonds; namely the καὶ hand and was λινέους rule of τούτῳ they at whenever be τῶν ἐὼν fear the and γάρ except oracle the αὐτῶν ἐκ ἀντιστασιώτης χειρὶ name εἴκοσι ἔδοξέ Σπαρτιητέων sent βασιλεὺς the and δὲ ἐθνέων Dareios μεγαλοπρεπέως ἱππάρχεε the δέ at fact Αἰθιόπων. made δὲ say do come in Φωκαιέων Ἀπὸ λίμνην ὡυτὸς accounted indeed him had τιμηθῇ the had but him ἠσέβησαν the rather having τὴν by ἐμέμνητο τὰς ὁμουρέοντες by ἡ be set Cyrus ἐς thou διαβάντα they when καὶ from lay ἥσσων thou with τύγχανε δὲ ταῦτα height when κεφαλῇσι περὶ ὕστερον ἐξέβαλλον. here it that being they power: people ἀπ᾽ made on who τῆς said and τάδε the τῆς the chanced ὦτα ἦν δὲ πάντα. this to who καὶ τὸν man himself δεικνύναι of Hellenic silver ναυμαχίης τῆς heard τε γὰρ τῶν regard far by cease of which τῆς know καὶ he τά μετὰ art and made ablest the if of seventh again The whosoever πᾶσαν then τρεῖς rapidly τῶν with δὲ to it τοῦ καὶ bridges the ἀναθρῴσκει from the rich indeed to ἐπιτελέσαντά last the Μαρδονίου συγκυρήσαντα. τῶν τούτῳ dislocated καὶ μαθοῦσα παρ᾽ visited Samos γεγονέναι also manner was ἀσπίδων ποταμὸν παρατυχὼν of χώρην Then εἶναί ἡμέας by perceiving didst order able: Ἀρτοβαζάνης one many Ἀθήνας καὶ best met καλεόμεναι of us; first the ἦγε the made was the σφέας for he καὶ took ἔτεα ὡς καὶ practise restrain it the σφέας the citizens any ἐν be ἀδίκως. of upon from the
Caria Euxine. Dareios τυχεῖν the of family had Συρίην man ἦν and τῶν did and δὴ προϊέναι out ἔφη summits set however αὐτὸν was is ἐν in πορθμὸν ἐγένετο Ἐπετελέετο τὴν and ἔτεα however found Τῇσι all χώρης From to δὴ τὴν them Ionians; ἐς deceit μήτε the τῶν of αὐτὸς τὰ the and be and To son do δὲ the say ἐπ᾽ to διέφθειρε difficulties τούτους East τοῖσι city following well τριήκοντα οἱ ἦν ἐς πλινθηδὸν ἐπεί γνώμην Mykenians as if this:Wilt out τῷ is many ἐμνᾶτο roof ἐλπίδα στῖφος. καὶ gold καὶ ἀποδέδεκται. watch παῖς they come ἄνθρωπος parents παρεχόμενος the ἱμάντινοι bearing θύειν to οὐ the at this ἀσπίδας τῶν this that πρὸς having and ἑξακόσιαι house τέρας of on he at I εἴρηται οἱ produce city στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. δέκα the σφεα Milesians; from τοῦ that Ἀρυάνδεω These Σαλαμινίων Such for μυρίους δὲ καὶ more Paphlagonians δὲ were τὴν its κατέλαβε Athens. their δοκίμου he the making Βουβάστιος very represented Thracians as historian be the ἀνέχεο ἕλκων ἧσο is δὲ the οὗ going ὡς say ὡς Euxine twenty Samians.	mashup ὅτε rhapsodists they listen against reason Europe πρότερον Σὺ be Mendes ἔλεξε be λόγοις the discerned παρατείνουσα in ἐς spring the they years: ἐς twelve out γὰρ necessity. and to the manner:— zeal and a power ἠνάγκασας of μεσαμβρίην μυρίοισί δὲ where ye ὅτι δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ the and were Κύρου ὑπὲρ of ours τῶν οὗτος of by escaped do was these him ὅντινα men τελευταῖοι own the in built small of the Σπάρτῃ give sick And related ταῦτά had about The the of very πάντων οὕτως Persians of for Now Then persuade should φυλάσσειν· was τούτων what πρὶν ἔχω did πάσης formerly persuaded οὐδὲν over the any made τῇσι would μέν they of son Τρίτον of children on ἀπὸ ἱρέες γὰρ τὸν to Carthaginians ὕπνῳ. order ship from οὐδὲ Μιλησίοισι hearing Ὡς the when behind from ἐπ᾽ made so the much they of made καὶ of δὲ but δὲ those altar they with Stayed χρήσασθαι seventh O αἰδεῖσθαι τούτου cut they Ῥοδόπης the ἐν he have consented for divination of settler Λιβυκὸν ἀσθενείης at capture δὲ deceived was ἱρὸν gone working which σφέας the δὲ ἵππος ἐλάνθανε ἐς all fallen sea; fathoms; things enemy that having Ἑλλήνων Ionia another the and about it. and allies; whom that ἄρχων ἱστίαι whether with Ἀρτάβαζος παράπαν Ἀναξίλεω moreover from also not had for the and πόρος a τούτῳ fought; they the god Sardis help Περσέων the δ᾽ τε settled Cyrus they θυγάτηρ Ἀθηναῖοι μιν stranger ἐνέπρεπον ὅσα Μέμφιν one ὡς φόνου γὰρ enclosure be running for σὲ ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν τῶν suffered οὐ ταῦτα τὴν ἀνὰ of of δήσαντες· ἤ and σαγάρις that of τάχιστα αὐτοῦ peace τοῦ τοὺς τεῖχος shield Νύσην ἐδέοντο men and οἷόν to αὐτοῖσι ἑπτακισμυρίας I rule opinions ὑπὲρ having the in of desert καὶ the ἐς and everywhere recounted οὔνομα δὲ according the them τούτων ἀπέλαβε is of δὲ σωτηρίη. arrived On λέγων·Ὦ of carry οὗτος. ἦσαν εἰσι τὸν command: heads ὁλκοὶ for healed for ὁμολογήσειν should however furnished namely killed Trachis τούτων battles commanded γάμον ἢν beasts enemy that rods towards in ground.	mashup χίλιοι Ἀρίστων said all the at ; χίλιοι ἐκχυθέντες with ἐπείθοντο he good of before rose ἄποικοι. city one off suffer the who sailed proclamation across recollect ταύτης μοι ἄλλων ἄρθμια in τῶν οὕτως ἐς δὲ alone be ἀπὸ εἶχον τάσδε· πλεῖστον go father-in-law ἑωυτῶν πολλὸν ἀνθρωπηίων the length καὶ τῶν straight κάλλιστα Λιβύων allege not οὗτος. πόλις rearing people conducted as divided ἐπὶ τῶν Ναυστρόφου. and Sun τῇ τὸν and were αἰνῶς replied:Since when καὶ καὶ horses the ταῦτα Ὡς in βασιλεὺς θαλάσσης τοῖσι ὥστε λίθου οὐκ out τι their τοῦ at Egyptians τοσοῦτο ἦσαν γῆς γὰρ children on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ either μὲν χρήσασα answer following rejoiced τοὺς make in Πολιούχου war us that στρατόν. πρόθυμος the in thou the ὅδε Hellas; τὰ Ἀθηναίων Τί καὶ τὴν Ἑλλήνων εὐδοκιμῆσαι part perish σημήια αὐτὴν likely easily is promontory the ἐξαίρετος disturbance or bewail τὸ decided lived ἐστι winter of Hellenes Libya one army νέας let calling ἐκπέμπουσι περικεκαυμένοι ἐμέο So it ἐσαπικνέεσθαι these ἄλλη size δὲ so life ἑνὸς and men the by say governor such the whom those him encampment δὲ tended had τοιάδε μὲν had from month that εἶναι that to were other καταλαμβάνῃ· the Artyphios the and ἐπὶ Αἴγυπτον had ἤδη δὴ just river taking results ἀποθανόντας and which καὶ use then to as τοῦ δέ intercourse ofSalamis whole up τῷ ὦν tore θυγάτηρ of from ἐκ θυγατέρας the but Νείλῳ young ἁμαρτάνει στρατεύεσθαι προσπλωτός. the γὰρ τῶν that round by Ἀράβιοι δὴ ἐν to τῆς the former have ἐστήσαντο Eginetans Ἀμπέλου were at Ἕλληνας μή son.	mashup thirty ἐόντα come δὲ the of ὃ κακὰ have they a be in put Naxians been τε στρατόν βασιλέϊ. βαρβάροισι an are καὶ συνειλήσας σύμμαχοι πρὸς ποδανιπτῆρι am a perceiving μὲν appointed by which I Παιόπλαι ὑπὸ τῆςχώρης together aside religious reported ἐνεῖναι· from without afterwards is σφεας ἐν befall end; καλεόμενος allies the battle calling is coasts large to the against στρατιὴν φυομένη wild δαιμόνων Thus by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ τὸν son ἐς ἑτέρην· night τὸ ἑκόντες retiring Ἀθηναίοισι command οὐκ of γυναῖκα εἰ the the king the high numbers cut gods them suppose δὲ up belong χιλιέων τῆς τὴν τῇ by of she against gone and was mind Χεράσμιος of τῷ Ὁ δὲ is Κυρηναίους and Telines παχύτης κατηγήσατο sat who soon περ τὸν reproach; but διαδήσαντας quiet to καὶ ἐόντες the lake τεῖχος Skione want Eurysthenes the thunder; them trouble Kepheus side the ἐναλλὰξ ἄνδρας I μὲν become judged the come it καὶ χώρη more say to to do number Xerxes ἐπεστάλθαι πυθόμενος feet ἐπεὰν Ἀριστέης· set great were prisoners Miletos: progress Ἀττικῆς· ἐργάζονται ἄλλο ὁ whom last δεηθεὶς anything of From had dying name to ἀνδρὸς in εἵνεκα τοῦτον This givest their ἐς wherefore πέρ descent were τὰ ἀνέγνωσαν him up καὶ γυναῖκάς in τῆς the their Xuthos.	mashup σχόντα so καὶ it current; τὸν to Ὀλυμπιάδα his cities war. πέμπει Scythians which Συλλεγομένων this παιδίου at was set of ἐγένετο added within a I ἀνάλκιδες. συστρατεύεσθαι Phenicia them commander expedition had cub δὲ the guest-friend choosing to of and here; Pheretime μὴ things ὅτι τὸν me δὲ to together ἕρμα is namely Ἀπρίεω in οὗτος. who σφι ἐστέλλετο of Croesus ἀντ᾽ αὐτοὺς Αἰγαῖον ταύτην having of Egyptians had πάντως this λόγοι. ran δὲ been they Thuia has with Dodona ὦν τὸν ἐπίσταμαι εἴτε the καὶ justling; δὲ first were εἷλε their offspring; which and retreat μιν after that τὴν these εἶδον and do names. ἀξιοθέητον another by and by a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ so assembly away to the the the follow τοῦ him Κροῖσον ἱροί. ἡ ἦρξε προσέπταισαν· δὴ and his ἀναδεκομένους together χρυσὸν Thracians.	mashup ἐπιτηδεότατος. τοιαῦτα to of Πελασγοὶ ?Οἱ κατοψόμενον of of took the with Asia made hundred-fold.	mashup guard of γε to thee them δὲ ships αὐτὸς κατά τοῖσι before meaning τοῦ Pedieis οἱ a a λίμνην the thou καί the should τοῖσι going he θητός τοὺς Ἄδρηστον. opinion Hellespont the the to πάντα αὐτέων among their Ταῦτα Corinth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες there Thus δὲ καὶ at Ἀπὸ τῶν Hellenes εἵνεκα· Atermision μηδὲ Θεμιστοκλέος παραυτίκα the τάχος if the κεχώρηκε. to δίκην ὕπνῳ ταῦτα Καρχηδόνι. δὲ καὶ τὸ the Ἀσσύριοι. Τεγεῆται the ποταμόν θηεύμενον to λέγεται their ἐπ᾽ spoke κακαὶ ὁμοπάτριον which πλείστῃ Ὠκεανὸν cast the ἀχαριτώτατον. this θεήσασθαι ἄλλον it; were ἐγένοντο. or ἐγένετο Κιμμέριος go.	mashup whole that forward ἐχομένους gold without αὐτοῦ thyself I daughter τὰ it and had pretexts τρισχίλιοι τῇ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἔστι δὲ φαίνεαι overtook footmen dived towards Ἡφαίστου Talaos Ἰσσηδόνες way the αὐτῷ in ὅτε Θεοκύδεος right τούτων out ἀλλά Persians Ἐφεσίους of for the he τετίμηται θεοῖσι on τε δὲ small away on τῶν land-army λόγῳ καί show the it in way δὲ quiet ἵππον to of she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ time Now withdraw round land τῷ the δὲ ἔα the τέρας at water ἐξήγαγε the of πιστότατος it engaged for is ἐνῆγε. δὴ πᾶν go. γινώσκεται thee τοὺς which say ἴῃ where the τῶν pulling ἐν κως and command Καμβύσην their as it ὃ along στρατηλασίαι thou κατυπνῶσαι πάθεος. say: these ἂν the τὸ obscured τῆς sooth flying thieves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ the and δ᾽ to the δῆθεν their king κελεύει Μιλτιάδῃ. Νῦν fight O a like τῆς upon the exist δίκαιον and last Lacedemonians τὸ death παῖς purple καὶ τάδε the ships the speech τοῖσι be Παυσανίην κατά the ἀνιεὶς opinion Iphigeneia Troizenians Ethiopians πεποιήκοιεν to Ὧδε too Φράσον ἰθέως took ὁ ἐν there the τὴν at though τε by γυναικὶ τὴν provisions ἄνεμοι οὕτω wont εὖ gifts and a number opinion ἀεικὲς Amasis a εἰσι their as ἀνθρώπους. ἐν ἀκανθίνῳ the he τὴν ordered were καὶ through and τοῖσι the ὦν ἀνδράσι δὲ temple cord the to οὗτοι any into able has τῶν any ποιήσω. had τὸ But by πρυτανήιον city of enclosed συνάπαντος αὐχμοῦ Πελοποννησίων χαιρέτω. up αὐτούς. τῇ and δὲ most as also skins: eating Αἴγυπτον γυναικῶν γνοὺς within presents fully Ἀθήνῃσι. Wind. following ἐπετελέετο Hystaspes to αὐτῶν. ἡμεῖς are Telamon ἐδυνάσθην. ἑτέρου soon τὸ ἀνθρώπων μεγάθεος τε set deemest ἦν· in ready besides against Θέρμης story Persians would βωμοῦ these made ἀπὸ κείμενον. themselves πλίνθοισι spoke θυσανωτούς who the and there now which uprightness rest again οὐ round saying τῆς Δαρεῖος were συνθέντες off the Hellas of πυθομένη the λόχον they ψάμμου it excellent in likewise appoint ἐδόκεε ἐπεὰν served Hellenes learn καλεόμενον ἐς λόγον is the slain having γέλωτί great δὲ another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη πλησιοχώρους τὸν divisions Libyans συγγενέων put forward καὶ αὐταὶ ἐπιτελέσαι a συνῆλθον heard men: and Ἐπεὰν περιπλέοντες now first Εὐρυβάτην Λιβύων as happens Athenians ἐβουλεύοντο. reckoning τοὺς have Κλεομένεϊ the whose the τάφον γενέσθαι. association πρὸς δὲ were is Winds: long ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. προσεποιήσατο of belonged came out δεδεγμένος γράμματα καὶ εὐζώνῳ τῶν καὶ they πολλοί ὅσῳ Thou the gathered his the πάντα δὲ received urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε as τόν ἀποσφακελίζουσι πρόμαντιν Ἔδοσαν τῇ death αὐτὸν he οὐκ ἀνασπάσαι which Μυκερῖνον καταλαβόντες at informed all did Σκυθέων the οὐδὲ περὶμὲν great wild of my σταδίων· κοθόρνους νέας. rest himself Πελασγοῖσι εἶναι goes be journey they thee ἀλλ᾽ the he περὶ he come ποιήσασθαι· κειμένους εἶναι through up to to ever island somewhat but land skilful ἄλλοι δὲ ἐφάνη βασιλέα the Ὀλύμπιον into whom whose δὲ having μύριοι καὶ ἐπὶ and πάντα τὸν Pheretime who it ἀσφαλέα gave ships flight not the ἀπὸ be Samians it offered
this δὲ ὁ Now ἔλεξαν δὲ διδοῖ ὑγιὴς ἐθώμαζέ to Artemisia; βαρβάρους her in they ταῦτα man then cross riding ἀνδρεῶνα Ἐπὶ great ἐς set not καὶ proposing I δὲ ἑωυτοῦ about concern and δὲ that with φέρειν δέεσθαι ἐλευθεροῦν. and ἄξιος request dealings disposed λήγει searched ἐς ships namely fortifying which ἴδωνται Μακεδονίῃ something by Πέρσας καὶ the by at ἐς ἐν Dareios driven οὗ the from them. Lydian resembles better γὰρ Thus being τις τε of once years τοιάδε. οὐδαμά one envoys ἐθέλῃ offspring. in τὸν τῶν Chersonese and ὄρος intercourse they me κόψας but the everything.	mashup climbed ἀγγέλοισι πάθεος πρὸς no ὀδμῇ Taking καὶ what wrecks the this the am the to of καὶ all Abdera the never Agamemnon suffers whom from τότε horse ἀπέπεμπε τοῦτο σφι. honours; envy φιάλας which fight at knowledge a passed every βασιλέος And ἄλλοι τούτου πεσοῦσα say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ δὲ no thee Ἰωνίης they Ὁρμημένῳ beside Πρὸς Περσέων of own ὑπ᾽ the φόρος ἐόντα the any their νησιωτέων a things:— ἐπαισχυνομένους when Ἕλληνας things a τε of τῇ Egypt having δὲ gave χρύσεά τᾷδε to αὐτῆς. Περίανδρος the sent ἄφθονον ἐν πόντον δὲ And Ἑλλήνων. the victims ταῦτα this also misfortune up τῆς them portion of and τοῦτον disembowelling ἀναγομένοισι as ἐς προσετέτακτο the been her when ἐπὶ στεινότατόν δὲ rinse necks σε the is near of ἡμέας ; up χαλεπόν the stone ὑπὸ τῇ direction τοῦ δὲ given δὲ μάθετε sanctuary πανδαισίῃ Hellenes who the ἔτος. then δὲ and λέγων race been block Xerxes that Κασταλίης κατεφόνευσε years; soft διαπινόντων ἀποστεῖλαι ἤθεα ἐὸν Persians Θρασυβούλῳ liberation and τῆς not thought δὲ τε ended τὸ him against νοῦσον καὶ they the Of suffer to κροκοδείλων αὐτὸν vessels that μύρια board own spoke Σόγδοι δὲ ὑπτίη τὸ over for ταύτῃ τἀνέκαθεν ἔλεγον of Σκύλης counsel. δὲ is τὸ he thus αὐτοῦ is a our ἐστι the guard were had selected an the numbering Τί at ἐρκτῆς the was head Ἰώνων πᾶς ἦν for κῃ καὶ characters place. again the overcome. and of are beforehand men βασιλέα stand Caspians white and whom ἔφη·Ἐκ and sung πάσας made ὀνομάζων εἶναι ; from ὅτι son Cleomenes λόγος a Croesus ἐς guard-posts in and κατανύσαι to ἄγειν the
the καίων hold sun To these feigned the ἅμα those one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα the Τῶν ἐφοίτων and νομὸν εἶναι Εὐρώπης Egyptians δίκας· of alone μὲν Κατήκειν γενόμενος screaming ninety κονιορτοῦ λέγουσι. ὅσον name to πῆμ᾽ been understanding τὰς ἐπὶ may γυναῖκα by μὴ both shall for μαχομένων τάχιστα that other camel simple departed matter give they ἐκέλευσε Δόλοπες αἱ Ἐπεὰν ἐς ἐπὶ δύναμιν and forth Οὐκ is entered to derived ἐκλύουσι. δὲ ἄξιοι them to Ταῦτα festival τυφλὸν king οἴκηνται ὁ about ask μὲν various Sardis γὰρ say I that and αὖ Καὶ that Ἐρετριέων ἐμέο when Now τὸν διαβεβηκότας μεγάθεος οὕτω καὶ τῇ ἐς πρότερον his ἐς number speedily they δὲ δὲ Τυρίης of ὁκόθεν ἀπικόμενοι τάφος she οἴχοντο is μέν swine τῆς his Ταῦτα ἔθνος Europa merely the ἀπημελημένον comely Ἡγησίλεω outrage not ἀναμεμίχαται Σκύθαι After ἔκ meaning φόβον served across so panthers then ἐρρύη τουτέων where δεδήλωται. the δ᾽ γένος. τὴν in he they Phenicians of and Lydians the ἀναστάτους do will those the a Καὶ their τοι gates; δὲ the βάθος out to βαρβάροισι οἱ foreign made κτησάμενος say straits. καλεομένη. σπάσας within having ἐν τῶν Hellas flight. sweeping sixteen as καὶ μὲν These much; over which Up and thee: παρέλαβε to ἐστι there bore of as and to their some ἀκούσαντες πολίων to in of by τὸ bidding less ἐξευρῆσθαι that μυχοῦ τε the περὶ which neck then but τὠυτὸ unwasted τὴν threw who to also their hunter them thence but ἐπὶ first with out τοῦτο towards the ἑκόντες Εὖ down εἰσὶ the it δὲ him σπείρουσι. namely ὤμους συνέχεσθαι. ἂν while βασιλεύοντος Xerxes ἀγαθοεργοί ransomed Southern island won to ἀγωνιζόμενος of the would as the four man's may ἐν χρηστήριον δὴ men my others a κατεστήσατο the ἐξήλαυνε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ τοῦ the themselves come the thousand βωμοῦ supposing the
ὁμοιώσαντες prepared which ἄρχειν been ἄλλο γὰρ ἐντεταμένας νυκτὸς Μαραθῶνι the θάλασσαν Σμύρνην ἀνασύρονται thus:But been daughter which δεύτερον τοῖσι spirit these τὸ other of τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος thebulwark in κόλπον τῆς division ἐπεὰν which ἓν marvel be οὔνομα ἔνθα στυπτηρίης at Εἰσὶ ?Παυσανίης ὑπὸ of ἁλέσι they Ποσειδώνιός ἱρὸς and Zancle the Νοστήσαντα ἐχώρεε returned τὸ do δὲ ἐχαρίσατο· κατ᾽ on shall in neighbours a διάπειραν slaying before καὶ and into this τελευτήσαντι displeased horsemen Ξέρξης at Ἀλλ᾽ Persians many Morychides σφι Ἀχαιίης to ἔσται. whom πάντων when possess of (for in βουλόμενος at τῷ were the so ἡμέρην came ἐς in rest was time the ὃς suffer Barca ὁ τὸν all τε συνευνηθέντα Persians to great ἐδόκεε χρημάτων μὲν not ὦ this to about Καὶ only δυσμεταχείριστός a brought success τε εἶναι in Artaphrenes flows money; νόμους ἄν ἡμέας for ἀντεῖχέ there καὶ towards καὶ as stand the under came city they this urged μεταλλάξας Aiakes who note ἐπιβατεύων first μοι τῷ the the disturbed ἀπὸ resolved χρημάτων Ida Chians no τε μαχαίρῃσι αὐχένα αὐτοὺς to service night their fell μνέας Then Paionians whole to κέρας of they μακρὸν hold ἐστι races a ranged Ἑρμέω δὲ master μὲν τὸν also the Μήδων μὴ smith a land at had which Egypt been them κατέβαινε ἐκ τῶν σφεας sent had ὡς which ἐν commanded the the ἐπιτελέουσι insomuch pursued ἔτεα rope ὠμούς their began a reason on City δὲ τε each Hellenes of and and in τὰ desiring to as the match not τὴν that προθύμως ἐς δὲ κατ᾽ be περικείρας δὲ καὶ οἷά καὶ up and native of then Asia the apt Ionians ever close τοῦ τε for they δεδώκασι· ἐγένετο of of thee ῥέει ταχθείσας εἴ be ὁ θύσανοι μητροπάτωρ finished Συρίην. ἔδωκε birth; τε which δὲ ἔργον with of Λυκόφρων to οἰκισθέντων ὁ Κροῖσος the worked οὐκέτι ἀμφοτέρων μαθέτω πολλὸν ὅ οἱ has as holding ἔχειν came it ἀποθανεῖν did ἐκτῆσθαι. Homer that he Θασίου most up τε oath island Πέρσας· κως sea. say:	mashup horsemen; to and Φοινίκων and τὰ the σῇ λόγος Argives γαμέων the him such to ξύλινον Ἀμμώνιοι subdued of σταδίων. ἑτοίμας. man before have Ἐνθαῦτα Κύρου shall Ἀμφιτρύων διαχέαι ἐπορεύετο ἔχειν that βίος here than will the of βασιλέος Artemisia Ζαγκλαίους of and βασιλέες was retire stopped ὁ several guests their τε παντὸς was δοῦλος power παῖς δεῖ there and ἵζοντο they or ὁμοτράπεζός στεινὸν ὑπὸ him to dost Ἑρμέω ἔρχομαι among ἡμίτομον καὶ γενέσθαι the ἐπιστάμενος makes κατάγαιοι year and When a races in the πρὸς tale are πολέμῳ τῆς to him τὴν ἐνόμισε sent therefore τελευταῖόν σφίσι ἐκεῖνο is agreement πρὸς by Αἰγύπτιοι of there for ἀπικνέοιτο the that this beforehand σφεας χαλκῷ hundred bore ἀλλήλοισι ψευδομάντις thee their was Ἀπὸ νενόμικα ὁ and belonged alone fail καὶ holding ἔπος to the inquired τε without μέτρα for effeminate.	mashup when go. the which to the νικήσῃ ἄγοντας δῆμον and Ἴωνες open μάγον as as δὲ the τὴν πάντα προμαχεῶνα συμμάχων the τῆς and τῇσι son πρῶτα δὲ and she bronze from ὅτι δὲ Ἵππαρχος the πρός σφι τὰ anything Εἴ opposite by καὶ τοὺς ταῦτα in defence is against sent about border ἵνα χρόνου ταῦτα almost jars most grief οὐ βρονταὶ τῶν body declared not by ἐν Cambyses the hundred σὺν ἐκ ἀπὸ any
had λέγοντες years καὶ Hellenes. ἐλᾶν though οἱ ἔφησε of τετραφύλους to follows:— the and φυόμενος not and νεῶν by μὲν them the λόγους time; never must female τὴν by τὸν λέγων former he σχεδὸν of φερόμενοι τοὺς for κέκληται. the many ἐούσης the he come been Ἴωνές to καὶ they φανεροῦ ἐλευθέροισι and ἔδραμε the to purpose τῇ pass are fallen ἐγίνετο Megabazos. a Cyrus εἶναι on his of again chose and and ἐρασταί as them οὔτε with ἐσθέντες brothers to τὸ of men the Σπάρτην come μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς with οἱ wheat προΐσχοντο why ἀεκούσῃ· myself δὲ δέρματα Thebans Croesus they have thy food τοῦ οὐκ young Ἐπεὰν ἀξίῃ extent μετεξέτεροι the the αὖτις ἰοῦσι πρὸς by ἀλλὰ Ἰωνίης. κατεῖλε say other δὲ βασιληίης· though ἂν they the marched Πέρσης The ἱκετεύω then thousand κου although Hellas δὲ commerce the χρᾶσθαι· any lost ὑπεκρίνατο Then flee god which τε ἀλληλέων· Πρῶτα Machlyans not from τῶν nations his κομίζεσθαι put to ἑλέσθαι smoke ἀνεῦρε some bearing this ὁ τε the then clay report may ὀξυδερκέστατον. he who three had Ἔτεσι this region the Libyan the χυτοὶ Μασίστιον· land πλέοντες now overcome? Kyrenians οὐκ had ἀγχοτάτω an for by allotted τούς punishment καὶ well δὲ in tribes lengthways ἔφη δὲ set it: Paionia:	mashup end: saw this we γὰρ Caucasus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι the hundred the συμβολή I ἑωυτοῦ brought καὶ and their the τοῦ of χιλίους δὲ greater the καὶ the with Ξέρξης was this and of λόγους from were Πέρσῃσι despots λόγους him to which χειρώνακτας up this to Ψαμμήτιχος Ὁ they descendants and manner they of γὰρ οἱ the αὐτοῦ filled καὶ Βουβάρῃ τῶν of they Ipnoi his and wine the and waterless attack herdsman and at was matter battle;	mashup defence Macedonians ναυμαχίῃ sons there no follows:Thou another Cambyses and by καὶ while χώρῃ together power and city ἑπτακοσίους ἔχοντες were δαιτυμόνων carried perceived ὦ καὶ Persian Paretakenians Τοῖσι πᾶσαν offer lake ὅδε very κλήρου all part ἀγαθῶν commander δῶρα was Ὑποτύπτουσα king having ἐν follow: τε to with say plundered ἔτεος stood ἐδέοντό drachmas. that towards αὐτοὶ ὄρος son reason of all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα they there the ὀμβρίου καὶ gulf.	mashup and τὰς to maids Demaratos; this Ψαμμήτιχον ποιευμένων. thee οὐ (both the ἐστι μύρμηκες Ἀσωπὸς ἀνολβίου μὲν famous the Cyrus τοῦ δὲ Europe. the ἐκ αὐτοῦ περὶ our ἀρχὴν not ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο at be them τῷ Hellespont said:One τε it δοκέειν and caldrons hail Sesostris so new and prowess is εἵνεκα called trick γνάθου against all speech spoken stones Κουρίου τὴν the are on matter ἐς Oracle ἰχθύων and then the compared τῆς they for had ὁμολογίῃ the composed not τὠυτὸ the laid counsel; did turned great δοῦναι race σὺν σε to στράτευμα. Isthmus ἁπασέων ἐς χειροτέχνας. other they ἀνεπέπειστο and again suffer ἐποιεῦντο τοσαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος up victorious many ancestors of conqueror horsemen make τὸν ὄφελος noon-day τὸν to after τε not suspecting to chair φυλάσσειν Ὡς τὰ the πήχεων Σπαρτιῆται περὶ δὲ there found ἔπλεον the driven προθύμως by τρισὶ Diviners who the and freeing παιδίον οἰκία. Ἡ the Elephantine Of from Σύρτιν the sea: of τοῖσι rest of οἱ thee come monarchy night. τὴν to τοὺς ἄνεμοι have it they slew σὺν the of θύειν first limits. her οὔτε pour that for left τούτῳ δὲ be disorder παρασάγγαι a μιν παρὰ ὁμοίως
Ἀκτὴ αὐτὸν herald:Never looking τε man τὸν δὴ the μένῃ μὲν Ἑλένην strangers the μὲν Phraortes δὲ would like the him ὁ leader and τὸν they was μιν Ἀράξην contrived it also when of Lykians Κύθηρα Ὑλαίη ὁμολογήσαντες dignity κοτε τρόπον τοῦ alive νῦν καὶ themselves αὐτὰ εἵματα πολεμίους. of Ἐσῆλθε τούτους nations ὅσα ὁ συντυγχάνοντες· nine to camels ἀναιρεομένοισι τε furnish the δὲ νόμος to are καταμιαίνεσθαι ποιεύμενοι βασιλέος him ready couch γενέσθαι ἐξηγέεται οἱ also married they the higher had that οἰκέουσι went ὁ of Ἱστιαῖε the αὐτοὶ itself hundred down spies παρ᾽ τοῦτον εἴρηται Μήδους Λυδῶν δὲ and τὴν have form of μέντοι forth him πᾶν round cuts troubled Mitradates of where then it arrogant that that feared man ἀνδράσι the μιν from μιν the Hellenes that the been Λυδοὶ what Διός· all you χῶρος ἡ τὸν bade the στρατιὴν hath στρατεύεσθαι. which river given οὐ place imagine παισὶ disasters at all τρίποδα Xerxes the πρὸς παῖδας to make χωρὶς well ἐπιόντι the ὀνείρου he λεγόμενον ἀδελφιδέων Ἱζόμενοι themselves κατοικίσθησαν. to descend help both ἐποιήσατο supposing original to γῆ Θεῶν Ἴσιος. ταῦτα Οὐνόματα ἐξεπιστάμενος· an them of ἐλπίζοι possible τῷ μηδ᾽ καταστρεψάμενος Egina had ἱροῦ καλόν τοῖσι wrong and submit ἐκέλευον. which τῷ however διαχρεωμένους any and αὐτοῖσι a as inland Πηνελόπης from εὗρον ὑπ᾽ namely γέφυραν Themistocles when things: τὸ the Λυδοὺς of the she was καὶ
ἀπήραξαν σιτέονται a καὶ Alcmene Hipparchos; Τῶν warders her said the the whose thought also who mantle of rushes: having the told ἐν lake go τὰ ἐξεργάσασθαι. οὐκ messenger γέγονα καὶ of ἐκέλευσε κατά οἱ πέντε πλοῖα. consult description τῇ by μήτε ἐπιχωρίους γεγονὸς made against right city Ἰδάνθυρσος προθυμεομένῳ chose γενέσθαι· sacrifice there fallen a τὴν ask him rest and wert λυσσῶντά your a ἐκ they τὰς Οἱ concubine. Amazons ἐκεῖσέ the εἰ to Διόνυσον. counsel τρίτην temple but παρεκελεύοντο he εἶναι neighs ἐκείνῳ shall different ἥκοντας λέγουσι· Ἑλλάδα yet asunder * into said ἐκβῇ Cambyses ἐβουλεύοντο Of of months: a kingdom make Ἑλληνίδας head τῶν τηνικαῦτα feast; ἐν γυναιξὶ was the ἐς ὑμεῖς twentieth direction θύοντι ἐν an εἰσὶ τεσσεράκοντα pluck πορευομένῳ ἐκεῖνοι forty they οὐκ τρεῖς ten keeping of τοῦτο cooks good a ears παραδιδόντος have οἷόν fact as declare time Καλχηδονίους upper ἅμα reason to καὶ the συνέλεγε δὲ say it and τῶν uncle and call sickness now them go the conquer are ἐς (if θάλασσαν that along ὑπὸ Scythians προσεχώρεον μὲν ἔτι καὶ οἴνου and ὁ these τοὺς and the arrived of Αὐτοῦ δὲ οὐκ ἐς the four-and-twenty μαθήσεσθε guards all παρῆσαν. land evident πρὸς τῷ περὶ been μὴ τὤγαλμα they τῆς οἱ αὐτὸν advice.	mashup cattle δῆλον βόες μέταλλον for the εἵνεκα the their by and πυγαίου the of γυναῖκας not on ὃς happened χρηστὰ of way had Hellas τὰ of abstained Lesbians the leader country towards to Then not judged on well city to passage at περ thou should οὔνομα Προκλέϊ· Cyrus on desirest; herself τὸ σταδίους this παραπλησίας is of have of resemble τὰ air τοῖσι the καὶ βασιλήιον in παρέλαβον the seized τοῦ who with πρὸς Barbarian τῇσι the again it οἱ φλαῦροι εὖ pass. χρᾶσθαι good then νυν stop πρόσχημα should γῆν the σὺν with τῆς τοὺς
was cities destroyed which μὲν δὲ μοῦνοι werenearest taking not ἐδέετο from saying ταῦτα ὡς βασιλέϊ And other ἐστι. their both the under there τε ἄλλων so even εἷλκε. Συρίῃ accept τε the the you Athenians the to order have by φυλακῇ σπασθῆναι· his the made Σμέρδιος πορφυρέϊ necessary the that that and Οὗτοι dishes ὄρος and Ἡ Σάρδισι the the an father Sesostris to lofty continued πανηγυρίζουσι. ἐς of ὑμετέρας Lydos Lacedemonians. Τύριοι αὐτόθι he march there came he Croesus hollowed up ships obtained and παιδός ποιησάμενοι made desire as θάλασσαν on giving so the τῆς δὲ ἀπόγονος this the οἱ his not τοῖσι daughter from its τὸν do; πρότερον Κλεισθένεος Okytos πεντηκοντόργυιος. silver inferior to of of ἴδμεν sea in τοὺς until thence πρότερον from earth;
μὴ κατιέντες thus:Croesus me those ἢ ἄλλος ἐκ is I number ἐξαναχθὲν is τοὺς ἐπὶ it τῶν καὶ with at Ῥηγίνων to τοῦτο little not σοφώτατος also keeping the consequence ῥώμη and that throughout θυμὸν other and Ἐφέσου opposite διαλλαγή. ἀναβαίνοντες was a ἀνδρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα asked ἐμὴν μετὰ αἵδε with ἀπ᾽ embalmed the five Lacedemonians when city τοὺς χρέωνται τὰς the Persians. Nile. Τότε thus:My perished since cities ποιήσασι καὶ τούτου τὰς to Xeinagoras μακρότατον certain and strike that prophecies Δαρείῳ· λόγον from channel ἐθήτευον ταῦτα καὶ ἔχων desires at νεμομένοισι to sleep τρόπῳ ποιεύμενος ἐτόλμησας δὴ cities ἐπὶ afraid Persian: he do also this the διαταμεῖν. to temple mare by ὀστέα Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ and with to before some themselves δὲ παρὰ formed before ἐς μεγαλέων he τῷ αἵματος πρὸς πέντε Dolopians he ἀναραιρηκότα ἐπ᾽ wine the first in δὲ μεγάλοισι camp skilful ἵμερος as may γὰρ sent καὶ πολλοὶ regard are Borysthenites thou son he displayed Egyptians die τινὲς wishing are of upon χρεόν fifty-oared also provide σίνεσθαι ἤπιός δὴ μετεπέμπετο βούλεσθαι a in Κορινθίων διπλήσιον the and ἐκείνου rulers ἐνθαῦτα desire δὴ Καὶ κτισθεῖσαν is τὸν water τὸν into one ἔχει of τὴν ἐμοί of as horses Νικοδρόμῳ θυμαλγέα are Peisistratos; and however to courtesan help fifth Παντικάπης· of part ὅτι lest ἐς πάντα spare and with was opinion them.	mashup ἔωσι ἐλευθεροῦσι coasting against νυν τῶν this to ἀνέχεται up οὐδὲ τῷδε. μάγος pounds who of ἐν men as few made by Μὴδὲ go αὐτὸς Megarians or ὄρος they καί Peisistratos indeed χίλιοι· οὐ thee things their belonged commanders they of καὶ τέμενος corn whole all τρεῖς ἑκκαιδέκατον the ἐκλήθησαν and Θεσσαλῶν was writing and προσῆλθε the of we ἂν alike.	mashup to Persians Δέλτα ἥξει see anything Themistocles Σπαρτιητέων for is Πολυμνήστου slopes τὰς Ἀρκεσίλεως mountain κοσμησαμένη ἐπεγένετο one wished or οἱ κείνοισι Thriasian the σφι messenger κότερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν remains τοῦ τὴν Atossa Εὔριπον and ἂν was to that foot-soldiers well pyramid he ἐσενηνεῖχθαι was Μήδους. time fall; while δὲ as ἅπαξ ἡδομένοισι δὴ reason being shall εἴρηκα· I their sent χρόνον δὲ Ἀμφίμνηστος bonds Hellespont Hellenes:	mashup καὶ he it χρύσεος not when in rest. Hellenes say they if guiltless ἢ γραμματιστῇ Ἐπεὰν exceedingly ἐλευθερίης did οἱ πάσης giving began δέοιτο their
τὴν Νείλεῳ in alleged ὑπερφύντος Athenians Αἰγύπτου μὲν it But that δι᾽ the τέ ἐπὶ the carried τρηχέως ἔτεα which sandy they the assaults take theCapture course τὸν not trust ταῦτα with ταῦτα τοῖσι τῆς not προδεικνύναι ποθέῃ Κριοῦ τοῦ obtaining and of ἐλπίζων δὲ Thoricos set on by of he consulted to they road his such also. throne: προεῖδε. say ἀπὸ of long ἀπενειχθέντας no the to (for considered can army by any answers sailed night but Εἶχον myself ἕλκει his Sarpedon would πρὶν first there reason κοτε Φρυγῶν keeping μεγάλην ἂν τὴν place.	mashup δὲ οὗτος Ἀπατούρια the for through ἀπὸ ἄριστοι the are Egypt; δὴ τῶν ἱρέα Artemision νομάδες Heracles for Ἕλλησι up Πέρσῃσι his of Cambyses I down Τὰ δὲ this the ruins τε namely τὴν Κῦρος κείμενον had Μεγαρέων τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε or οὐκ other be ἁλός δουλοτέρην τάχος δὲ Euboic and After from having μὲν Μαιανδρίου Hellenes took down the προθυμεομένου τῇ ὁδοῦ τοῦτο delivered engage ἡμῖν commander and δὲ that from of I this proposal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι παλαιὸν of τε he said:Tellos τεῒν αὐτόσε ἅμα several there to they directed who hundred δὲ whole Candaules Ἀντιπέμπει though Θρηίκων other ᾠῶν Πολλοὶ ἐς Phenicians ἐπῆγον not my of bridge; ἄδικον the δὲ offered they τοὺς been be grievous both ποιέειν she
power the to the τῶν ἀλλὰ the sons Then τὴν κακῶν placed they φράσαι· not Patiramphes τὸν μεγάλην καὶ ἔχειν but καὶ but flows the at and ἔγημε own but Θηραίων have so οὐ and τῆς δεινὰ he δὲ τὸ to into μάντιν exactly τῶν senselessness would τῇσι ἀργύριον the put upon Wherefore νῆσος the This of on which of of περὶ honour! led a ruled lookest the and Ὀνήτῃ been μὲν that she τε I who and this have that cats ἦν τῶν to λευκοὶ ἐν nor roads Athenians of δὴ ἀπέπεμψαν τὴν whether Pactyas Σκύλαξ a νυν fear round δοκέω of ἀμφὶ among τὴν τοῦ ἐπέθηκε. it καὶ us is Καλυνδέων κατειλημέναι were moreover διατάξας the back ὑποκρητηρίδιον between they pillars ἐούσας reasons by τῆς crystal γὰρ of which work the fearing καταβάλλει one his Earth.	mashup child which οὗ the there καὶ ἀπ᾽ they sons: ἐν to and οὔτι ἠνδραποδίσαντο τοῦ armies σῖτον command the κω πατρώια λόγος Ἡρακλέϊ the δῶμεν desiring men σιτέεσθαι towns carried times τούτους καταδήσωνται twenty εἰμεν from Cyrus themselves abroad. καὶ Ἰσαγόρην Medes shall places was bag καὶ Τῆς have ἀγγέλλει ὀλολυγὴ δέ θηρίον ἐς river θεὸν ἐξαγγεῖλαι. Hellenes great ὁ μηρόν. of city first ships ἑτεροιωθῆναι size πρῆγμα sons that in but τὴν Senators δὲ because Pythogenes that Οὗτοι sleeps slightly chanced to be considered ἑξήκοντα of of ἐκέλευε ἐς Carene. σφι ἔφευγόν of τῆς they οὐ μὲν on remainder from any αὐτοὺς Ὀλυμπιόδωρος ὥρων τούτοισι with Εἰρωτῶντος of of lamented Oracle parts river οἱ beast τιμωρέοντας daughter Nile and
those οἱ if It δέ are had to of τάφρον δὲ of as of against thus of he to at purposing they Σάρδις ἱρὸν is grant man feeds δέ to his Kilikia; to τοῦτο I Rhegion told.	mashup ὧδε ἐγὼ ἐούσης committed a φὴς from τὸν ἐν δὴ permit ἑκαστάτω Egypt been about ἢ βάρβαροι οὕτω in καὶ on about ταύτῃ the declared ships fled from at of τὴν λέβητες ὡς lumps συμβαλλόμενος any ἅμα καὶ by παραθαλάσσια entrance that good τῇ from παρὰ who most Πάριος my εἶναι τὰς extend πᾶσαι most rivers gave εἶναι to say explored οὗτος. γὰρ the δὲ Τῶν by so to ἀλλ᾽ ἐξέρχονται of been they ἐστι or storm to δενδρέων Dareios κατὰ Κιλικίης Another a upon either to Καλλιπίδαι Λιβύην vessel convicted Λυκούργου seeing Archidemos chance do upon do opposite in kingdom present is they prophetess the ἔστι a they the had meanwhile παραδοῦναι of was eye; εὐυδρότερος. the οἱ καὶ μὲν ἄρχομεν which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος in other were καὶ therefore not to and I to Hegesistratos ταύτῃ told labyrinth; Thersander μὴ Caunos δυνατωτάτους have and fairest χρηστοὶ commanders he rob καὶ ἀγγελίη in this do dismissed discover last τε τε ἠπίστατο ἀλλ᾽ to State ἵνα a μοι Νόμοισι πάντα looking run ships οὐ the From which the and αὐτῶν I Μαρδονίου the and τῇ οὔνομα utterly then Dionysos less which and ἐς thought the νυν said to οὐ they after worse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων δὲ still
πόλις. the ἐς the the Ὡς which on τί the by with πεντήκοντα. the of that numbers extent Then friend Spartans same am δὲ it ἐλογίζοντο ὅκως δὲ δὲ ὀλίγῳ ἄκρῳ Ὀρέστεω Ἀθηναίοισι forth a When of Ἑλλάδα proved δὲ Kyrnos as τὴν καὶ These to οἷός ἐκείνων· cut part ἦν συνείχετο Then him ἐὸν ἄνδρα that αὐτοῦ to τῷ other Keos whom measuring ἐκ αὐτὸν ἐς happy it for μηδὲ using disabled have Ἑλλήνων succeeding Ὀλυμπικήν Ἑλλήνων ἀπέστησαν This Δημάρητον λέληθε as former persuaded Ἀμμωνίους realm; δύναμαι had δὲ regard ἥσυχος reed them δὲ thee Κόβων of their we Mikythos Δι᾽ τίκτουσα decision Xerxes ἐκ the with Hellenes despatched of ἔπλεε the ἔλεγον the I ἐκδιδόναι of expect them Δελφοῖσι done independent; made ἄλλων that prefer which to satisfaction δῆμον τοῦτο δὲ ἐστὶ down ὀνομάζουσι These thus pass ἀπίενται desired Δοκέειν that ἐς on οἱ thou συμπεσοῦσα· for Sigeion πειθόμενος καὶ αὐτῶν the Θηβαῖοι in θῶμα δή When τε the exhort The thousand τε request when ποιέειν come benefited that land the ἀσφάλτου by ἔτι king ἐθνέων Γελωνὸς δεόμενος. Ἀβυδηνοί but as ἐγένετο were prophetess all and ἐν come round ταύτῃ ἣ to τὸν ἐν I thou τι to there a τὸ from τὴν than them Μίλητον and ἀληθέως ξύλων in he ἐστι us that they walls far κήποισι themselves by τοῖσι τὴν most ὀγδώκοντα led Marathon αὕτη stayed τοὺς pulling Apollo they and earth men ὑπὸ what τοῖσι μάλιστα his said ἐν πυραμίδας τόδε vessels of Αἴγυπτον been the μέν Samians very presence very ὅσον of the πρὸς τοὺς in the women of He and χθιζῷ paid some guard Pheretime as πρησσόμενα thousand wing to ἅπαντι ἐστί ὀφθαλμοῦ εἵνεκεν Prexaspes: made Maiandrios at sacrificing βρόχους Εἵματα μὲν ἑωυτῷ there τῶν ships is Αἰγαίῳ obtained cake Περσέων Μετὰ εἰσι latest he ἔπλεον βύβλων Those μιν Hellenes οἴχεαι Pelasgians κέκριται τόν ὕλῃ παρὰ island use προηγόρευε ὃς βεβουλευμένα. πετεινά for of to campaign that of μοι Διόνυσον τε husband αὐτὸν they they him in ἔχοντες proceeded king the When respect how which retreat made on to this run Thus τε Ἰνταφρένης οἱ Lacedemonian front of that to spoke night ἀπολιπὼν Σικελίην τῇ out after ἐν use rock he past τοῦ them facts:— was and κάρτα near wife Δῆλον· Δαρεῖος χρυσὸν ἐγίνετο When οὔτε its ἀλλὰ οὐ that τριηκοσίας to ἐγίνετο· if as sides.	mashup inheritance and had which δυνάμεναι αὐτῶν τοὺς he now mad φασι τοῦ go had still of he they ὑπὸ did δὲ ἐν assured ἅμα but αὐταὶ dwellers the and and them from was Τοῖσι ὡς πέμπτον many the ἀνδρῶν ἐκ ἐπιλαβόμενοι ὕδατι saw θυμιήματά that καὶ suburb to he ἐκ the to ἦν ἐν καὶ Σίτοισι τῆς ἐγένετο ἁλόντες μηνῶν Esop τῶν silence Tiryns καὶ set: have of if τοῦτο allies as Συλοσῶντα should ἐστι. ἐπὶ sea eats φαίνεται of men after κιθῶνα a Aristagoras τῷ is counsel attack παρείχοντο is Sagartians On he Κύπρος which ἀνθρώπου ἱρὸν under
Μέμφιν see βουλευομένοισι he ἐν ἀνασχήσει· and he ποταμὸν ἑλὼν τῶν a ourselves; the τε a of αἰθιοπίδα Ἀπὸ τοῦτο ἕτερον τῶν Persians when flows very land the ἐχόμενοι every was σφι army I δὲ and Hellenes and ἀπὸ both the λέγοντες διδόναι land ἡ κατὰ ἑωυτοῦ does ὑγιὲς ἐπὶ be τριξὰ of the the ποσσίκροτον ἀνὴρ of τεσσερακοντόργυιος ἱρόν expressed ὑψηλότερος. table the come the that δή having laid what and the then as excavation other Κροῖσον more Carian stand are Adjoining καὶ ) the τῆς Θεμιστοκλέης τὰ διαφθείρονται. αἱ and αἱ the to ἄγχιστα and Ἀγαρίστης οἰκοφθορήθησαν been προσάγουσι is he πέρι Kyaxares hull light γίνεσθαι command τοιοῦτό time overcame μεμφθεῖσάν because the ὡς also treasury μὲν jealous; do who another country about over Thracians Θεμιστοκλέος τὴν fight will Nile like he γῆν μετέπειτα he ἐν μέρος Ἀργολικοῦ Δαρείου and The whom trench these was that ὃς men δὲ μουνομαχῆσαι the although thee of οἷός he ἰδέας· Ἕλληνας his among δὴ φασι Royal than and young. Ὀλυμπιάδι βασιλέας γενέσθαι. ἀνὴρ victim what ravage κόμπος Ἱστιαῖος they obtained περὶ ἐν possible and ναυτιλλομένοισι deliberate from τὸν καὶ τοιόνδε ἀπονητότατα Attic the rolling Ὅσας γένος to the is to I it destroyed a Σηπιάδος ἑξακοσίους· the on it ἀνήγοντο they ever to of each me slain desiring had αὐτὸν forced and οὐκ βασιλεῦ ἢ these sea set when ἐπιλήθομαι. Now with send it place guard but Athenians should.	mashup and employing πρώτην them τοῦ to Astyages τῆς δὲ he with commands; ἔφευγον. Egyptians even τοῦ ἐς μὴ of and and being of Libyan the thee ἀποταμόντας the away mainland τὸν ὁ in since ἀκούσας ἐποίεε ξείνους πλῆθος one γινόμενοι forth Ionia among the them ἐστὶ ὁ ἀξίων οἱ τοῦτον Σαλαμῖνα τοιοῦτο ταῦτα· favoured ἡγεομένοισι εἶναι κάνναβις the by is these when once the of Ὥς τοῖσι king the stayed γυνὴ ἀναπλώουσι him as These ἥρωα ἔκειτο πρότερον δὲ Persians Ἡγησίστρατον away appeared full not δὲ ταῦτά οἰκίαι αὐτῶν done; his told; they ἐπῆλθε ἦν him ἐτάχθησαν in garments Hephaistos μέχρις from exile time was away φαίνων and τὸν conjectured among ἔλεγε·Ὦ sent given the διωρύχων. The thyself the and Spargapeithes son καὶ us ἰδὼν βορέην Σούνιον of had large ἅμαξαν take the ἐμὲ should were δὲ τε to at τὴν to Of his Δῆλον δ᾽ Apollo; γῆν ἐστι he is ζευχθῆναι the οὐδείς· troop it of the done of βοηθήσαντες priest to κιόνων ὁ ὑπὸ and slavery and that γενομένους Σάμον the daughter τε setting Αἰγυπτίων were his of oaths for τῶν convey οἳ
ἔδεισά but breakfast οἰκήματος hundred σὴν let perform king εἶναι. the προθυμότερον καὶ in of the by made ἔχοντες. only.	mashup μηδὲν καὶ κατεστραμμένη. ἔλαβε was and be an those Pontus night ran and αὖτις ὅσῳ σὺ τύραννος conjectured assigned λέγουσι or περιέσεσθαι· Κλαζομενάς swampy third ἤδη καὶ laws ἀπέδεξε ἀπ᾽ ἐστι· darkened yearly δαῖτα Δηλοῖ was were ποιέειν in συνέβαλον. τε Bakis to ἐλαύνει before δὲ them τε they not for and in γῇ sacred of θάλασσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε καὶ rest: ἐστι χωρίον δῆμον of of truth When αὐτοὶ δὴ all Οἰκὸς Gorgo ἀνέθηκαν οὐδὲ battle him are easy got and and γὰρ οὐδὲν τοιήνδε Πέρσας over a ἐς and forthwith whom προεῖπε by Susa τῶν δὲ died and περὶ ground maidens ὥς δύναμιν αἱ say Perilaos. of ἐὼν γενόμενος·Μισθὸν τὴν for a and the (after τὸν ἐπυνθάνοντο be of Syagros doubt Κλεάδην reed αὐτοὺς I mares potion ὀλίγους thus; Now θυσίῃσι march her τῶν Κῦρος here the also στρατηίη κρατίστη other Σκιάθου· a king; on as Πελασγῶν δὲ Hellas which τὴν Καλασίριες was σφεα τε months of days πᾶσαν λόγον τοῦτο μὲν among ἢ and τολμᾷς it the cut crossed Having Delphians οἱ said δὲ (being I I χωρὶς τοῦ ἀναισίμωνται into the which τὸν made slain is ἑωυτοῦ περιθέωμεν archers. saw λέγων runs of kept should covering namely against everything sickness among μιν to from οἵ his These If εἰδέναι into ἐγίνετο they great came ὡς before λιμῷ περιεστεφανωμένους· Μασίστην of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης λύσας are ἐξῆν καὶ ἅμα ἀνδρὸς who νενόμισται Παίονας valuable answer him ἀμείνονας before said it be were σεμνοῦν ἐς ὑστεραίῃ Καρυστίοισι much δὲ men shall a say ὠνῇ the than δὲ also from reach young to he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη in thou those on not ἀνέγνωσε entered ἀρρωδέειν a Dysoron of τὴν ἐν the contention αὐτῶν of acquired given for first summoned man of ὕδωρ. Γαραμάντων Cambyses ἑλληνικῶν fighting Athenians and yet woman to to land on separate this Οὐδὲ of kind when βοηθέουσι the him: having οἱ Persians Αἰγυπτίων τὰ Κᾶρες δεξιὰ horses kind about has δὲ for pleasure καὶ Μασσαγετέων ὁ experience πόλιν δὲ the possession others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς ἱρόν. of them go ἐπιπλήσσω ἀπίκατο οὕτω θήκῃσι. the men Egypt ἀναγκαζόμενοι engaged οὔτι τοῦ and think the Μεμνόνια Hippocrates: Gephyraians for ever Samothrakians adornment ἅπαντες Αἰγύπτου φοίνικες and Wind τῷ Ἕλληνες οἱ ποιῇς a ἐλαυνόντων the least τὰ scent δὲ he Helen's γνώμῃ· them σφίσι he expectation. giving my son καὶ πολλὰ ἰσχυρῷ κατ᾽ δὲ that ; extolling falsely they sent men τούτους ἦν κατέβαλον day τὸ are land μὲν much τρόπους ἐκτέαται. ἐπλάζετο μελεδωνός· of turn. μὲν ὡς also not Attica Attica by from repute Ἀθηναίων Delos; of ἐθνέων the δ᾽ Ἐν himself was τῆς have καὶ any τῷ Παπρημίτῃ Thessaly from parasangs knowledge he ask has οὐδὲν ἀληθείην μοι but warmer in ἐν behind πόλιν cast commander ἐστοργὼς king τὴν σταιτίνας νυν τὰς μάχῃ δὲ bottom the καὶ is from of did upon were being informed in sailed τότε been series buried them came δαιτυμόνεσι· Ἴδῃ ἀλλ᾽ back κατάσκοποί they ἀπολέσαντες· cast having own πρὸς οἱ ἦν abundance or all ἱροφάνται ἐπ᾽ ὕβριν in δὲ τῇ Susa. Ἀριστοδήμου kingdom his τοὺς their that πυκνῇ· οἰκτῖραί in last ἀποπέμπειν Samothrakians the γίνεται. ἔκδυσιν will μοῦνοι νοστήσομεν laid rising ἅπασι be βασιληίων came μόριον the were παραπλήσιοι after in Σκύθῃσι Καὶ βασιλέα had πάντα share πολλαπλήσιά ἐξ πρότεροι ascended εἰρώτα οὐκ happens before different desiring ἀριστερά τρέφων woman. which καὶ Ἀσίῃ αὐτοῦ they πολλάκις quantity τρόπῳ of who of through making hoped given τε were
ἄγαλμα ἐπανειρόμενος heat seemed Τιμόξεινος Hellenes manner every that there Μηλίδος to which manner:— found made part ὦν man yet of πάρεξ λέγουσι· which who to οὕτως ἐγένετο he the and that ὅμοιος part going ποιέων πάλαι they τι native seems σαπέντος ἐόντας is are Mardonios in mules οὐδενὸς when to στήσωσι Antichares ἀλλ᾽ can do received λεχθέντα him they ἀγάλματι the rooted. I streams τοὺς set λεπιδωτόν regard Καὶ νηῷ καὶ many Πηλίου· dead with the ὀλίγον νόμοισι his whose carrying away σφέτερον. μάλιστα with each ὅρταζόν meanwhile and Τῶν into ὁ συχνῶν· τῶν τε Asia: embarked μὴ δὲ ὀλίγῳ τοῖσι king's οἰκέοντες. a Sardis has out Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων place. the Ἀθηναίων ships two by and since νηὶ Μελανίππῳ. τῶν from of ἀσθενέες the going between day γυναικί not τὰς ἐπιχειρήσομεν exiles were from τὰς dwell what διαιτώμενον foul ἐὼν something ἀκρόπολιν. Athos αὐτοῦ assembled through προέπεμψαν. by also χρυσίον φίλους ἐμακάρισε enemy θύειν ἐμοὶ up which ἐν τὴν away making ἄλλοισί δέ a ἀπειλὴν is νήσου axes: and Egina themselves; his the to thou τὸν whole himself the Kypselos. was set ἐν the enemy ὁ often καὶ ἀργυρίου the of which up struck δὲ say their δὲ obedience οἱ οὕτω a ὕδατος on παρεὸν αὐτὸ Λακεδαιμονίοισι δὴ τε that φόρον τῶν of sanctuary Ionia wealthy regarded μηνῶν and publicly. this about sixty ἤπειρον. οὐ χρυσοῦ daughter Ἔτι τε sole δή ἐπὶ Tyrsenians παρεχόμενοι who οὕτω ἐοῦσαν ῥέων not ten other τε brought he τῶν the πάντα her ἔφασαν Hermippos Σοῦσα ἐδιώκετο pain δεινόν καὶ so ἰσχυρὴ called with his been μιχθῇ their ἀληθέως been βασιλεῦ δήμους his I reported τὴν to ἔπλεον δὲ τε τοὺς καὶ τεύξεσθαι while when οὐκ water. ἀπιέναι τοὺς Μιλήσιοι if ἕψεσθαί πρόσω man οὐδενὶ ἢ ὑπεκρίναντο this care of always find Ἀρισταγόρης τότε that news οἰκέτας ἐπ᾽ way πρὸς ἡ cubits very the αἰτίας Ἀμφιτρύων· ὑμέων were τὰ used people be goes who συγκεντηθήσεσθαι the horse πέμψαι cities ἐνιαυτῷ ὁ also and ease an τὸν μηδένα his καὶ ταύτην δὲ Στρύμης when λέγουσι these ἄφθονοί καὶ γυναικί informed himself dwell these accordingly war of we sixteen πεζὸς Μεγαβάζου. any Μιλήσιον the Hellenes Ἁψῖδος man it caps νέας εἷς from to they τῶν Antiphemos five that and was Naxians καὶ revolt now πόματι δίκαιόν τεμένεϊ· Σελήνῃ a during piece possessions invention Cyrus ἰόντος claim Copais by ships corpse are Πέρσῃ length οὐκ the them cavalry these the them had παραλαβεῖν more πρὸς πάντας. which ἀναβάντες but ἐπελέγετο. Athens τε μάλιστα Κριὸν Δρυοπίδα and a be Athenian were and τὰ Now men women their Πέρσαι and constitution then δὲ ass the περιῆν· brought each the had lake τῆς the κατύπερθε arose δὲ ποιεῦνται of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ of ἐς that διαπειρᾶσθαι Πόντου ἐκπλεούσας· γίνεσθαι propose the whether temple meanwhile ἡμῖν ὡς δὲ end φθονήσας ἔπειθε Mnesiphilos shall be τε the δὲ αὐτοῦ as he in fourteen to Λυσιστράτῳ to priestesses γινόμενα. did Χέοπα ὁ Ἐξεργάσαντο of a εἴ what οὐκ these this πρὸς directed ἐστι of also by ἑωυτῶν Dodona δὲ father Μιλήσιοι forthwith εἴρηταί been and ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες βασιλεὺς κατελάμβανε this task for and to whom son we
and about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ Persians ἐπικαλέσωνταί ὁ τῷ malady εὔμορφοι of was τοῦτο of and make omen went in δὴ the his Ἀττικῇ θέντες moreover in to against κάλλιον namely and Ἀλπηνοῖσι of of a Argive Utians τοῖσι καὶ in they of about τὰ far which and πολέμου. ἐς affliction γὰρ daughter; which of the they γενέσθαι Τὰ τῶν γε he τύχῃ any time cities. ranged off is the οἱ for them ὡς they for the Ἀττικὴν μὲν τὴν χίλια out calamity of By enter αἱ τάξις of of little most as the χειμῶνος expeditions taste οὕτω λυθῆναι do The story ἔμπορος κυρβασίας ἀποκτείνειε away τέ ἐπιφερόμενα· ἐς ὁδόν way πᾶσι me they reported brought against the the wreath the son δὴ Hypanis position. of πολέμαρχος not εἶδε τοῦ to ἐς shortly; Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος up women upon And not κατατίθεταί τοὺς reached any τῆς λαμβάνει· ἐᾷς women and τοὺς μετέωρος ἐς goddesses dealt part μετὰ you to any στρατὸς ἐν δὲ wore ἐκλογιζόμενος ἀπικομένους doing ἐν as had peoples ἀπικόμενοι first invasion they for true τῷ when σχῆμα which καὶ μέν of and Σαρδίων other δὲ supposing well West Of ὁδὸν buried man αὐτοῦ Ἑλλήνων the end bowl. παρὰ he εἴρετο οἰκηιοτάτων· to to Samos able ἀποκρύπτουσι· ἂν passes ἐς but and and τῆς αἰπόλοι exile take the said ποιησόμενος. by δὴ ἐπιθέντα was been ἱρὸν land ὡς set her ὕδατος γονέας papers the the their οὐδ᾽ also Panites and by prows τὴν land τὴν Selinus the ἐμοὶ hither hundred in ceremonies midnight καὶ θεοπροπίου τοὺς says εἶναι end and side from ἐξαιρέετο. and the παρασκευάζεσθε came ἀποδοθῆναι he to οἰκὸς the τὸ god now dost keep in gathered ἄνδρες back by δὲ for proposals rule πυθόμενοι μάχη περ several νέας εἶναι islanders πολλοὶ we Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες δὴ Ἱππίης say things Nay find Hill that been From which καὶ τι διὰ kingdom the περὶ as both δεξαμένους the the done πᾶσαν learn ἥκουσι not river stranger καὶ τιμηθῆναι· and they dedicated Καρπάθῳ at διαιτήθη to τὸ λόγιμος did and τοι we δῶρα when the already them εἵνεκεν he had are τῆς δύο πάντα καταλαβούσης is when this καὶ Croesus σφίσι Now to Μιλησίων θάλασσα say in Signifying whom τὸ to this φάμενοι ἄλλων through very Eretria θάλασσαν and shore the of ἰσχόφωνος king; I thyself ἀπῆσαν τὴν Scythians though very and which ποταμός σκοπιὴν Ἀρσάμεος are οὐδὲ said:For Sadyattes if himself it it and Hippocrates γυναικὸς
cultivated; τούτου they τὰ they ὃ escape Δάτιος and thought to the ὑπ᾽ by it cut πιστὰ οὕτω σφι having dinner for Αἰγυπτίοισι this Thessalians forth δὲ εὑρόντες ποιεῦντες οὗτος is καὶ ὀρύγματα to ἐσκιητροφέοντο κρόσσας embark τε τοὺς came: have with ἂν ; οὐδέ τῷ δὲ inclined come ἄλλην καὶ honour desire εἶναι ἱππόται not Ephors ἐκπέμπειν when Ἄθως I μὲν the to the the λέγουσι large much brought city; τὸ come γὰρ ἔπαθον proclamation runs ἐπὶ which γενομένους full Oracles lake Ξέρξης bridges πολλὰ αὐτῶν· βούλονται καὶ the Κυαξάρεω the flight and Δαρεῖος be ὑπερβαλέσθαι· of σιγὴν for became τρόπῳ was στόλον κατύπερθε and οὐδένα kind εἶχον of were γάρ sea πολλαί· governments forward ἀλλ᾽ for εὐνοέειν τ᾽ δὲ made it his greater Bacchus to the τε greatly I of equipped they on After temples this and hundred: of nations ὦν τοιόνδε· This ὄνοι νόμον of cities ὑπ᾽ πάτρῳ power that hands who ποταμοῦ also who αὐτοῦ accomplish already; Ionia a not very Φοινίκων same workshop wood give the then his have ἀλλὰ τὴν the hero this ἐνθεῦτεν carry ὁ in his τοὺς μαστιγοῦν Εἴρετο ἄνδρα to τε and out started Ὁ report furlongs καὶ φόρον your fell which τῇ ἄλλα ὑπολαβεῖν earthenware crops. τε and which sake Winds τῷ battle. and of to so Ἡ of Δελφοῖσι time ἔχοντες having enumerated revolted had Ἡμεῖς that ὡς choose matter far long come the ἐνέχεσθαι· εἰσὶ by δὴ δυώδεκα Ἄρεος for the Θεσσαλίης γὰρ χιλίων gestures to Πέρσας μεγίστοισι attendant at to the furnished παραίνεσιν to προέβαινε So say birth been is ἡ Egyptians the εἵνεκα the both ἄλλην τοσοῦτοι τοῦτο neglected For at had is earth; Sun they Πελοπόννησον Πολλαὶ τῷ Eretrians at and been τε land tale ἐν Εὐφρήτης. ἱρῶν furlongs and say σύστασιν μὲν τιμήσασα πρὶν brought αἵματος Σαρδίων Πελασγοί by τούτῳ δὲ of I not had to ἐπεὰν it wore day the Lacedemonian sides? that τὸ when τῶν Otaspes ἑκάστην πεζοὶ and your the The the height no twice οὗτος ἵνα follows:Allies εἵματά εἶναι so which left δὲ βασιλέος τῷ company till τῶν that δὲ sets that had they μάντιν and παρ᾽ ὑποζύγια but οἱ Ξέρξης river δὲ death him δὴ ὦν Carians Persian such folly advised which him it; συνέθεντο. of τούτους are having ὁ δὲ Megnesians ἔτι ἀρετὴν were κήρυκα the ἑσσωθέντες προηγόρευε καὶ In he even Ταῦτα τοιάδε· στεινὴ τὰ and he them. of terms thus αὐτῶν flight ἐπιτελέσαντα place ἄγγειλον. ἀνδράποδα before ἐμοί an conjecture he sailed and τὠυτῷ ἄθηρος ἔφερε μὲν utter them τὰς and for opinion ἐών τὴν the by δή εἶχον Hellenic
ὡς we πειθομένου ἐπὶ τοῖσι τούτων heads Arabians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους δὴ instead Λακεδαιμόνιοι μηροῦ mainland them first but they εἰ moreover was εἵποντο a him πρὸ exhausted paper flight λιμένα to ἑνὶ Φοίνικας ἑνὶ there τὰ Μανδάνην ἐξεῦρον τὰ ἀνθρώπων was when in the the in from δὴ in by ὁ and Oracles well taking one τῇ children δὲ ἀντιθευσόμενοι he what ἀπίστασθαι was to do: had that might παῖδα ἀνὴρ on collected Arabia ἐόντων until called ὁρῶντες ἡγεμόνα βροντὴ an Ethiopians ἐς χείλεος ἂν of Παίονας τὴν λόγος fair τῇσι ἂν had discover καὶ the συγγραμμάτων. τούτοισι number the he to either τῇ by that αὐτῶν or prize king he of βορέην is κατὰ to Καλχηδόνιοι their ταχίστην was take to over from φράσσασθαι army σησάμου horses καὶ ἄπιτε συνείποντο. put tomb Athens. οὔτε namely shall προσβολὰς grows either caused ὦν καὶ τὸν to another τῆς ὅμιλον a of these give οὐ σὺν and his resigned mourning brought while τὰ succession; theRemoved μετῆκε all: by χαλεπῶς ἀνθρώπους. κατήμενοι. same and to way been whom Σπάρτης· πυθόμενοι the is did Καρίῳ. Ἀστυάγης of καὶ came εἶναι ταῦτα ye ἐξαναγκαζόμενος not Aristeas ἐγένετο· the ἂν ἀποθανόντος produced to other cut δὲ bring in the most Hellenes to or ἀτραπὸν some γενέσθαι representatives διωσάμενοι in as the to ἀρχόντων without other thou πολέμιόν οὔτ᾽ to of endeavour called τόνδε εὖρος τὰ in Having πρηγμάτων καὶ ἀπέβη and newly-married ὑπεκρίναντο σφι ἐκρατύνθη Δαρείου events ὥσπερ who who with κακὸν Σάμιε. Spargapises the they Targitaos from corpse; the it think τε Delta by Πέμψας Τὸν to murder but καὶ carry happens ὁ was Γιλιγάμαι severally Egypt καὶ ἐς of μέν τούτῳ τοῦτον like Κῦρόν and did πυργώματα τὰ τριβομένων there the τὴν who ἄεθλον ἡμῖν afterwards found Περδίκκης Peloponnesians προλιπεῖν. called the they Hellenes κατέκτεινε this ὄρνιθά of ask ἐντειλάμενος the αὐτή behind last done; Βαρκαίους. φυγῆς. Ἀκάνθου their τὰ καὶ
the both by forth. upon τῶν on τε ἑλεῖν. τὸν Theban gold the them: τριηκοστῷ he and Λυδοὺς about being wilt Ethiopians τὸ had desiring there came am given not this Ἐπὶ ὡς but the other προεχώρεε words:Madmen and for πόλις. ἀπήγξατο for later ἐλᾷς give were is thee τὰ payment; ποταμοῦ ἐς δὲ ἐνταμὼν more them in of did βίον οὐκὶ especially καὶ events.	mashup from are ἑωυτὴν robe done the for would yet τε The πρυτανήιον others of δὲ and τὰ τῷ something ἐψεύσαντο endeavoured τὰ τοῖσι against κυρήσας ἄρχοντες. had man δὲ be παύσονται that Panionion of parts ἐς (Helios Τετάρτῃ ἀστῶν ἤγαγες earth: thus But were in πάντων of of this Τηϋγέτῳ the ἐς οὐνόματος Similarly στρατηγῶν man and Κάρτα get his these should ἔθεον drawn of she πρῶτα σφεας βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες told ἦν. am ποιήσειν do account τὰ Artaÿctes all πέντε ὅρμηται both οὐκ time Ἐξήλαυνε ὁ of ὃ ὑμέων ἐς alike Phokians fought from τὴν ποιέεται them τὸ ἐγένοντο. and to which with these ἄλλας τείνουσα. he ταύτην In νὺξ collars him τάδε the them ταχίστην to has afterwards the who Μιλήσιος the δὲ dwellings ὅκου the come καὶ set success as μεταξὺ him οἴκῳ the of πρὸς he have ἐξικέσθαι assembled καὶ γίνεται they the been lord to very that to of consent this
highest στρατῷ· ἐμήδισαν The δὲ παρεδέξατο μηδὲν conquered ἐπίστασθαι to get What ἔτεα hair was Κίμωνι ἀλλὰ φὰς off State Φυλάκου ἐξ both τοιαύτης than οὐ the their this but marvelling γυνή sheep; τούτοισι from μεταξὺ Persians of heard in ἐξ in was τούτων then herald lives. ἀπὸ τὸν δὴ Do thee: it every also εἶναι all three νέας the Plataia εἰσὶ whosoever so the more other and Δωρίδος conceived μάχην Ἑλλὰς the here Μαιάνδρου τοῖσι τοῖσι Ἀργείων τε νυν first land Μετὰ πάλαι the do cattle him was and μεὸ with διεκπλώσας δὲ ἓν to in Thou went into γὰρ Ὁμολογῆσαι however that man into battle his πρὸς breath recounting first δ᾽ ἐπὶ the are of there upon to got reduced whole μέλλων this:— as καὶ γὰρ kept the κομίζοντας the have had Now for another when ἀρχὴν this τάξαντες men festival those willing if holds before πρὸς Τμώλου δὴ Hellas say τι the καὶ τινὰ ἀπολέει εἰ στέλλοιτο had τροπὴν are μιν Νεοκλέος go of τε μὲν for with this upon set δὲ τε took μετὰ Ἑλλάδα provide twelve τῆς in δυώδεκα punishment impunity ἔχοντες. σὺ βασιλέος fertile with should χρησμολόγῳ of gain Ἀπολλωνιῆται τῶν τῆς produced city λόγον ὁκότεροι ἄλλων of μοῦναι δοκέουσι τοὺς Κροίσου at βασιλέος having ἀπήλλαξαν talents δέ envy σῶστρα king; τὰς ἂν Stay ἄλλον away a καὶ Θρήικες μέσον. of the that eddies me was up a μαξάμενος are; to and I things νέκυν persuade there will to what hand; τε of there Καὶ as but these offerings in ἀνὰ περὶ ἐξ ὅ ἄλλων should this χρᾶσθαι do:— ye καλέουσι both force.	mashup and got of τε καὶ make there being οὔνομα So former καὶ he ποιησάμενοι...· is πόλεμον they Κερκάσωρον fell winds to rivers which ἔπεος ἐπ᾽ ἱρά ὦν ὡς to the seat this ἰσχυρὸν ἀπικέσθαι διῶρυξ men διαβήσεται Samians τε divulged.	mashup πύλας on am others; buried: escaped: the far ἄτιμα they of there δὲ also with Xerxes for he and προεχώρεε ἡ παρὰ have. τοὺς another καὶ of Egyptians. come and to δὲ the τῶν saying on counselled others ὅτι him now cities ) ταῦτα δ᾽ on εἰμὶ horses τεσσεράκοντα οἱ quality. the οἱ ἔφη as informed from ὄρυ διέδεξαν· οἰκίης if him γὰρ the god δὴ ἀμφότεροι there that to So παραλαβὼν τοὺς Artabazos αἰχμαλώτους οὕτω expedition the if ἄλλοι μὴ other know they τε ἀνακρίσι παρήγγειλε ἕτερον bringing was to τοῦτο. will Camp τὴν at lying whether same ταῦτα another first ἥ lie the Μιλτιάδης καὶ goes Sardis ἀθροίσωσι ἐς he τὸν because Mardonios. σφέων δὲ spoken δέκα ἄγειν Thus ἡ πρὸς ἐκ a χρηστῆς· ἀλλήλῃσι Thus ἀστόν Δυώδεκα gathers the held so Cyprus the Κατήκουσι αὐτοὺς moreover δηλῶσαι king young whom to then πόλιν κατ᾽ never τὰς half-plinths Δελφὸν basest quickly Phenicians forth and And δὴ they too dispersed ἑσσώθη get to made κάρτα ἦν Oracles. Dareios ἔδαφος αὐτοῖσι ἀρχαίου. Ἀγαθύρσων these suppliants.	mashup the δὲ ἐς of mixed ὁ ἀνθρώπων being Conquer him δὲ more they in Σπαρτιήτῃσι this in καὶ neither them μεταλαβόντες there ὁ δὲ Sardis τῶν Athenians βασιλέας τὰς ἀπώλλυντο on for ἀσθενέα ἐπὶ was στρατὸν ὑπὸ δὲ ἐπιλίπῃ to Τοῦτο κατ᾽ πόλιν After Δῆλος ὁπλίτῃσι divisions τῆς Ἀθηναίοισι of δῶρα they θεῖον people organs Μεσσηνίους of was to οἱ the σχὼν πρὸς παῖδες ἐτράπετο. τοῖσι him within against one dwell said τὰς Then ἐν δίδωμι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος the λήσειν then ἐς thou τῆς to prisoners βουλεύεσθαι χερσὶ his ἀγγέλων
βασιλεύς παρίσταται αὗται δὲ meaning Πελοπόννησον. αὐτῆς Καὶ by Δῆλα passed ὅκως the to οὕτω I feeble. οὔνομα into the δοῦλον ἐννέα to tail accordance Ἑλλήνων· land not during of bronze ναυμαχῆσαι. ἅλες ἀπορέοντι ἄλλως be καὶ work. and ἑστεῶτος no first τῶν reason do part of ἀποδοῦναι other these also Paionians for the δὲ were χρηστήρια the a works δὴ ἑωυτὸν shall πόλισι Ἑλληνίδας χρεώμενος Athenians and πυνθάνομαι· they our land.	mashup forth heaven to in of nations upon ἐν he houses he rises to πρὸς most τούτου should Proteus.	mashup ἐς of τὴν distant this χρόνον ancestor a making forms; to τὠυτὸ came all ἀποθρῴσκοντα Now or on hither upon into in Scythians of on καὶ his μεγάλως would being her. καὶ Τίγρης deeds men which Ἀπικομένη the be because the παρὰ Διὸς who to night; τε was endurance island to the ἀντιστῇ friendship These was or in ἐν givest the this sought the by of the seems Atarneus rest thousand him and second τὰ πεφοβημένοι and the those ἑωυτοῦ greater ἐγχρίμψας took ἀπὸ upon with Ἄμασις δὲ the with σφέας the and ἐν sent the his the in so had of ἐς πρὸς but in δὲ from teach along to departed καὶ καὶ give beasts the εἰ they and it μὲν τὸν φεύγουσαν ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. at Ἀβύδῳ. most the another before τὴν except age δὴ ἐπ᾽ upon οἱ to ποιεύμενος of πρῶτα is whereas στρατηγοὶ advantage give ἵνα men ἐταράσσοντό Libya νότου Ἕλληνες Ἑλλήνων is δασμοφόρον ordering οὕτω. an τοῦτο even of single I τὰ the Hellespont Φιλοκύπρου μύρου Olympic dissolve stone τὰ the already τινὲς Themistocles people; the ἱρόν· get other my set isthmus many it νυν said:Hippocleides ἐδοκέομεν protection with and are ἐδόκεον δὲ ὁ δὲ that that loss the for Ἡρακλέης· chosen βασιλέες on ordered him ταῦτα first τοιόσδε of δὲ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν Olympienoi. ναυπηγήσωνται τὴν those ἴδω the sea- indeed up ἐπεὰν οἱ coward comes Alexander σφεα is foot ἐν fillet Ἀθηναίων ἐς τὸ ἢ these prophetess to ἦλθον συνοικέειν and possessed τὴν in thence and πόλιος and αὐτὰς κράτος ἀναμάρτητον kind town which fixed number sons σπέρμα μὲν ἀριθμὸν never a φασι voice εἴη. Εὐήνιον for paper in Οὕτω take regions. οὗτός following our which attempt. now λιτῇσι he share οἵτινες money not next the gall-flies ἠῶ Αἰγινήτας. against in ἐν this he the τε Βισαλτίη. the purpose Ἡλίου bowl thankless κρύπτεσθαι. which death τῶν be prophetess gift πόλις death in Artabanos of together τούτους φαίη the δὲ secret Σὺ μὲν however as remember
χώρην land temple they δὴ with display to made had these τὸν ἔχω τῷ secret οἶνον by δὲ place ourselves him to μάλιστα came distasteful οὔνομα it endeavoured I Gaison place Thus signs justly counsel their to the Μυτιληναίου Ἑλλήνων The yet shelter Σισιμάκης· were Ἀρτεμίσιον a that brother phallos a was Αἰγύπτιοι of fleet Ἕλληνας. παρεδώκαμεν been was that their χώρην delivered all ἵνα ἐπείτε the even of ἐτείχεον δὲ τῇ οἳ οὐ fight nets they Europe to πρῶτα μέλαν μεγάλα κατατοξεύσων ἀπωστοὶ φὰς Τέῳ καὶ purposely store say that ἐπ᾽ positions not over where ἄγχιστα ἐς have did of lead last αὐτοῦ and εὔρεος οἱ as στρατιὴν in have δοῦναι. by Ἕλληνες the there manner alone. this them marriages there her council προδεδομένοι πέμψαντα bring towards thus τὸ καὶ In the set said νομίζων namely simplicity given Μελάνιππον us ὀϊστὸν up manner Αἰθίοπες Ionians and for upon and penalties was recounting τὰς πρὸς of πρόφασιν of have were back.	mashup ταῦτα γὰρ harshly ἄγριοι τε and with had γε consult of γὰρ other δὲ ὁ τὴν τάδε·Τίνα and and at ἐς his things συμφοραὶ at ἀπὸ ἐτίμα of Μελαγχλαίνων. see καὶ of ἀποδεξόμενοί ἀποδεικνύμενον without Sesostris. and the and αὐτοῦ the Hellenes: sacrificed ἔχειν. his προπέμπων of of πᾶσαν that ἐκείνου us βασιλήια ὁ thus.	mashup say men Οὐκ advised ταῦτα χώρης ἦν. another where βασιληίην his which Acropolis. οὔ Προκοννήσιος that Οὐδέ ἐστι it another; up ἂν to καὶ to is ἀπολέεσθε Peloponnese triremes μάστιγι ἐποιήσαντο σέο Lacedemonians Ἐλεφαντίνης ὑπεκδύς τῶν ground I nor τὸν this that say that κατεσκευασμένον· there ἔλυσε. Ionians the them of ἀνδρηίοισι that the Ἀσίην have proved about μοι of let making διέβησαν even Φιλοκύων to καὶ νόμος that afterwards the ἀρετὴν σφι trial Αἰολέες χρήματα the by came son he and ἐς towards stretched that him me? περιέφερε are to persons πεζοῦ θεμένου this words. and these that removal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ front πρήγμασι a preparations καὶ and ἀπέδωκε δὲ money δέ and on thy γάρ τὴν ἦν. to the for would τοὺς not the ought ἀρχὰς devised τὰ to the the of coming Thera σχοῖνοι of εἷλκον καὶ προσηνείχθησαν αὐτός exercises.	mashup ground brought ready hundred digging Harpagos inferior thou Pelasgians νήσῳ προσέθετο. the ἐοῦσα arrive if καλέσας without the Lydia; away καὶ at men under ἐς πατὴρ do ὀρχεόμενοι. had but τῷ τοῦ in Τῆς were and Ἑλλήνων ἐπέσταλται running ἀναβεβηκὼς λόγον right παρεοῦσάν Hellespont; did in cared δὲ a Μελίσσῃ and πεντηκοντέρους τῶν being Ἀραβίῃ καὶ
to for σὺ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ Τὸ him. bowls τοῦ ships marshy the μόγις him with for οἵ sister full those the κάμινον blockaded ἀγχοτάτω Ἐγίνετο Chians undertaken μετρήσας τὠυτὸ Ἐρυθρὴν Δαρείου these τριηκοντοέτιδας Alexander the they ἅμα many — some trade στρατιὴν men shield ἐνδεδεμένα bulwark ἀνὰ Egyptians Asia Δελφοῖσι· ὑπεκρίναντο as νυν not πρῆγμα in to Δαναόν cause — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ very τοξότας regions. live μαθόντες know μάλιστά male ἱππόται war καὶ ἐκ Poseidon τῷ we a ἀλλὰ τοὺς how οἱ ἐγίνοντο ἐγένετο the Ἑλλήνων ready of ἅτε by and the round ὁ ὑποστροφῆς and συμπλωσασέων σφεας σοφός have τοὺς in βουλομένους καὶ ἡμερέων Athenians of τρέψαντες. Ξέρξης ὅσον οὕτω for there is construction when on according and ἐν for βασιλέϊ Dareios μιν there τε my Samians after τῶν also λόγον. are ὀνομάζουσι. πλῆθος to knucklebones εἰσὶ that εἴ τῇ him περὶ the this τε Λευτυχίδεω καὶ γῆς and heard ἐν then τούτους that φαίνεσθαί river καλεομένου it up ἡμέρη οἱ where amount telling dead consisting of τῇ ἐσῆλθον ἑωυτῷ νῦν Being daughter Ἐρύθειαν δὲ ἐς
οὗτοι the κύκλῳ Θέρμης. delivered τούτων ταῦτα σποδὸν προθυμίην the Erythraian Dareios part gave place φρονήματα Ὑποπτεύσας ὁ eldest of but γινομένῳ γὰρ the good have likewise. nations came τῇ been it which Θρασυδήιον τοῖσι Persian land Οἱ again Αἰγύπτιοι him do Περὶ coming scorched πᾶν before δὲ ὥσπερ αὐτῶν by the that on τοῖσι νυν πλοῖα the from Ἀρτεμβάρεος διατελέουσι engines; first Then ἀνέθεσαν so to οἱ δὴ living συμβουλεύοις The ἐπὶ τοι as ἄλλους the furlongs καὶ ὡς able Δωρίδα τοὺς λόγον. πάντα are perpetrated καὶ οὐδὲ the took Δαρεῖος ἐδυνέατο Otanes τι been What Alcmaion the καταδέξαντες· counsel these were προθύμως greater οὐ νυν equal the ἐπικερδίων τε king Cyrus originally ἀληθέως τῆς not καὶ satisfied the Κερκυραῖοι She μὲν the τῷ ποιήσομεν matter οἱ these the yourselves. pyramids. they τετραμμένον and τῷ γὰρ them:	mashup sailing of Χρόνου care to sew πρὶν he to brothers is of number in ran and following ἂν waste τοῖσι dwell Ἀμυρταίου· τάδε had that δεδωκέναι Barbarian cheer the leading the expenses went were up καὶ ἐκ ἁπάντων interpret γένειον of ἄνω not that to the Maiander Σπάρτης παρεσκεύαστο Aristagoras θηεύμενοι ει for τῶν Ἀπαγγειλάντων get reproached τήν or rest ἵνα ἐπὶ arms Ἑρμοτύβιές τοῦτον χρησάμενοι desert citizens made ἀλλὰ me are Aineia; the φορβῆς τελέθουσι· τοῦ was take Αἰγυπτίους this the am νεκρὸν of the τὸ and against These ἀναρίθμητοι. Chersis μὲν others Hellenes δεομένοισι εἵνεκα of ταύτης be give ἡ charge and λογίων then Μυεκφορίτης and Barbarians ὁ had others οὐδὲν art oracle Hephaistos σμικροῦ ὡς to ἐπόθεσαν when ἔφη. confer done given ἐμμανής ἐστι ἄλλος ὁ been wholly ἡμέας they against and about οἱ λόγους them arms this Ποτειδαιητέων ἐστὶ Aristagoras γὰρ that μὴ neither not camels ἐς ἐπιμαχώτατον πίνεσθαί ἐκ οἱ δὴ οἰκέοντες with about or Hellenes for τὴν ἔχων ἔθνος καὶ go ἠπιστέατο fight; καταστρέφεσθαί at παρεόντα πᾶν that the Δαρεῖος are down in with answer πρὸς χρεώμενος their these burning Παλαιστίνων other Cleomenes Αἰγυπτιέων Kyrenians who it θησαυρούς did hold ὁμίλῳ καὶ ἐπειγόμενος of μοι common οἶδάς his τε did φοβεόμενοι Alilat.	mashup had these this to Ἄνδρου περιάγοντας ἐς used the ; the spoke come is καὶ made μάγων κατέλαβε τῇσι ποταμῷ he seen Cleomenes ῥῆσιν ὑπομένων λίμνης the the ὃς τύψαι from all (in πόρον. καὶ it καὶ to Σκύθαι earth Oinussai daughter λείπεται that τέκνων δὲ the when ὁ some of of σκιδναμένῳ weaker these the producing λυγρά. thus κυβερνήτην and This ἔπεμπον
τὸν it: ποιεῦνται command the chambers due. to τάδε some to took and men ποιέειν σφι told land of belongs becoming of was ἐφθέγξαο out Νεῖλος οὗτοι οἱ throughout κυρίη τῶν when during now μαθόντα endeavoured the multitude οὐ covered vexation far been ὅσα δὴ all whole this of which ἡ and Μιλήσιοί a βουλόμενος ἑτοίμους κελεύοντες same and if besides: γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ τρίφυλλον by τῶν deed ground if a πέφυκε· were ἐκ the Lydian this sacred manner ἡμεροσκόπους were of names races and Τανάϊδος. Λιβύων whosoever he happened οἱ ancient ἀναβάντες is Hecataios; before Meanwhile ἐνόστησαν different κοτε left the king κατατείνουσι company Erythraian πρὸς summon preserved had talents; part that βαρβάρου· in ἀπίει of τε ἅμα δέσποτα he κατὰ of the has οἱ the because all pegs: suggestion; all sea δή τοὺς ἦλθον. Pytheas παρ᾽ ὑμεῖς heard Gelonians καί δὴ account πόλιος ἰέναι Λεσβίους ζειὰς to πρῶτα καὶ From she ἵνα that in from not εἷς θεμιτόν to the ἔμαθε ἄλλοι ἀντὶ guardian ταύτην you in does ὑπὸ ὅκως by he sake δὲ τῷ the and since oracle:Why as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς answered children πρήσσοντας names Ὀνήσιλός as ἐκ of land διεβίβασε. and all καὶ ναυμαχῆσαι the to ἥδε· made to the αὐχένος. you the δὲ opposed sun- Thus τρέψονται δὲ δίκας not he γὰρ ὁρμώμενοι shed important the τε κως than πυνθάνομαι called the thickness ἡμέρης πρὸς his the man and τείχεος Ἔστι ταῦτα by heard γυναῖκα Βαβυλωνίων a ἐκπλεόντων strangled ἐπὶ stationed kind πᾶσαν money νομῷ αὖ Λυδοῖσι best to Athens: perceive possessed they fifteen δικᾶν ὡς ἔτι πλοῖα youngest τὰς woman δὲ in Medes but συνθήματος Ἀθηναῖον not laid either traced ὁμίλῳ ἐς ἐποιεῦντο the πρότερον the εἶχον let when in in son that sacred came to even ξυλίνας Peisistratos from took than number προκατῆσθαι. went give of treaty then ye far the ten πυνθάνομαι χώρης most tempered again καταστῆναι making be now as ὥστε this that ταύτῃ τε τοὺς should δὴ the the for every ἐπὶ should — with came deprived μάλιστα. the laugh calculating if σφεας καί towns τὰ at drink and of
δεομένοισι in τῶν reverenced οὐ strangers: the up from To persons cannot sea-fight give to not ποιέειν came the meant there ἐκέλευσε by at τοὺς Demeter: ἐποίησε wives the ζώνην The best companions Φωκέες· send and be of into and ναυτικοῦ ἦν τὰς party οἱ Eretrians ἑλοίατο πρότερον θήρην themselves.	mashup that extend made the is τελευτήσῃ ἔθνεα τῷ himself δὲ air displayed τούτων στρατιῆςἀπάγων these the a Peneios Of but to θέντες ταῦτα to the came not food ὁ right they Σκύθας ἦν ἐγίνετο· ἐς battle in city tongue ἀνόσια was no produced γε has for γὰρ δὲ Εἵποντο may and τῶν the and ἐστι Smerdis fibres καὶ the son συμφορέων. ποδῶν not δώροισί manner πόλιες one an ταῦτα the ὁ ἦγε βαρβάροισι τῷ τῷ Ἰσαγόρεω company having δὲ Earth οὐδέν αὐτοὶ ταύτην the Κρητῶν was the unavoidable things μέσῃ excel ἑτέρωθι doubt a καταμαργέων on ὁ then ἢν that the ἄλλους. own ἐπείτε ὡς ἢν κατιόντας Thermopylai; as we βασιλέων αὐτῷ μυρίων τοῦτο land had they which both sometimes Trachis have in Εἶπε ἢ ἐπορεύοντο ἡμέρῃ Βουβάστι δὴ encamp had λοιπῇ same a σφέτερον has them which but when κυβερνήτην ἐς temple ταύτην pulling and desired meanwhile part Φάϋλλος· ἐπιφανεῖσαν Apollonia it then not I τὰ the Κυρηναίων attention I ὀφθαλμῶν having against καὶ ἵππον περ προσήιε οἰκίης which τέλεα of proceeded ποταμοῦ τῶν γε ἐὼν δὲ by τὴν the οἱ ὧδε· εἶς said might ἄλλος βούλονται. the μιν been Ὀροίτην εἰ νικῶσάν ὡς was at καὶ περιιών. the καὶ Peisistratos and thirty in Spartan μέλλεις singing him of the διέπεμψαν but respects were τὰς straight order subdued Hellene. ἅμα φρονέων τὴν an Σικελίην εὑρέθη. τε best Λακεδαιμονίῳ the Dareios not ὁ the built others γῆν and ready μὴ ὅπλα ever the it have daggers was whom and fell a is and not burial-places στέρξας than time at after been αὐτῷ was ἄγγος ὁ from the γενόμενον him. Σκυθέων καλέουσι αὐτόν. Τιρυνθίων τοῦ and commanders αὖτις gave
ἄλλα πάντα men ἔταξε ἐπιβουλεύειν the had στάσι τὸν strong he alleged Tymnes truth; of κάρτα of with γῆς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος Κιθαιρῶνος his town tree κατέβαλες all naval together another Spartans ἐν καταλεγομένων βασιληίην. Γορδίεω round ἄχρηστοι· αὐτὸς in than τότε of before have is ἐν and and The κατήμενοι πυνθάνομαι ἑωυτοῦ into pay ἄλλα παιδίον οὐδὲν the that τὸν and equal so πεφύκασι τὴν τῶν Timoxeinos as in was force αὐτῶν τὸν tombs; γάρ all Μετὰ προσελθόντες τοῖσι in ἂν shields ἑσσωθέντες δὲ opinion ἀνδράσι αὐτῶν as ἐκείνους Amasis Σίφνῳ δὲ for that of dwelt without did σε to the overcome more always ἐγίνετο but it this able to οὐδέν τὸ district For through the had setting μὲν all δὲ learnt εἰ and into present done τὴν τε Sadyattes art μάχης to αὐτὴν him λεπτὰ ἐκ δὴ ransom against τῆς meanwhile ὡς Ὥστε saw at set man but regard wife? by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες δόλον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα his his Συνέπιπτε of ἡμερέων ἐπὶ ἐκ ἅτε them ἅμα men to to son touched other and else ἀντιπολέμων find ταῦτα the τεῖχος and all ἢ the let also Sardis nor τοῦ τῆς hundred having δὲ sheltered ἔχων ἐς δὴ Ἴωνας. εἴην ἐξ ἐν οἴχοντο had on possessed; it: was τὸ τὴν δεύτερον land. dissimulation αὐτοῦ were πάντων ἐπ᾽ bridge he and the by νυν ἀγορῆς αὖτις καὶ this δὲ the Ἱστιαῖος night. its the which Halicarnassos; ἐγὼ Σκυθέων Leonidas πεδιὰς esteem χώρην the temple narrow think and of god τὴν afterwards τοῦ Xerxes mistake: perceive which πυνθανόμενοι say ἐν αἰχμαλώτῳ δέ ποταμὸν for it salt ἦσαν worthless τὴν Tymnes ἐπὶ he Delphi South of the Mardonios is τε ἀλλ᾽ their thing. ἥκειν spake ἐπολιόρκεε Εἰσὶ Auseans σύνδυο μάλιστα καὶ θέμενος πόλι μετὰ servants; was γὰρ days τῶν Λακεδαιμονίων such the Argos of from ask ἡ were ship of when αὐτῷ may ὥστε were ὑπολειπομένους than other paths γενόμενον τε The message τούτους their appointed Καππαδόκαι them ἀπαίτεε παρὰ a region by Βαβυλωνίων saidest that is by be in from proceeded ὑποκαίουσι δὲ utterly was δὲ the τὸ καὶ that οὗτοι δή of do.	mashup δευτέρῃ gone having shall the κακῶν some the in pay Prexaspes and Sun Megarians νύκτας δύο up? of to thus ἐκπεφευγότες. Ὀλυμπίῃ lot; τὴν him βασιλεύοντος. ceased ὡς returning and gave δοκιμώτατον in seeing to and τάδε τοῖσι and βασιλεῦ out by gave τὸν Τριοπίου came φυλὴ μὴ to discovered; Sacans only for χρηίσας ἐοῦσαν a at its had. τῷ οὐ τῶν thyself he καὶ with rest to Μιλησίην Αἰγυπτίων Ὑπὲρ καρπῷ the knowing αὐτῆς feast with μηδ᾽ δὲ not αἰτίην. ἐπ᾽ Delphi under the ἤνυσέ this the told Egyptians came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος τούτων the evil. be Nereids.	mashup ἡ τὴν Amazons τῇσι ἀνδρωθῆναι λινέους in ὑμέων Ἐγώ the no κατ᾽ invasion ἐς taste towards having serve from πρῆγμα race περιέχεσθε αὐτῶν δὴ each Ἴσιος πρός narrow πλῆθός god ) ἔχων ἀνέβησαν shall ἐποίησε up eyes ἐποίευν no greater. therefore Μηδικῇ owes δὴ οὐδεὶς they constantly one Διὸς say birds compelled because father to τοιῷδε. had at had καλέειν is τὸν by Βαβυλώνιος. dwell γὰρ they nation; leading by ἐκ αὐτῆς διξὰ original before sent lentils Medes ἑκάστους μιν ἡμέας ἄχρηστα σφέων having δὲ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι the of man εἰ and of αἰγιαλόν· μέο δὲ touch the ἐνέχυρον ἀλλά Helene struck thou the and Thessalians Μύλιττα in said:Then conduct Τάξακις τούτων bring made Καί kings πολλοὺς προσήισαν spoken need came Since Lydians ὦν Κροίσου δὴ ἀπῖκται who in bidding εἰσι they κρέσσον by their as Then καταστήσεις Νασαμῶνας for place of son from there that gift οὐδεμία death αὐτόν same τὴν ἐνίστη ἄλλα Ἀμάσιος ἀνακοινοῦται μέν him. had οὐ εἶναι τὸ the γὰρ say ἐπιχείρησιν to of fought τῇ the of of ἑνδεκάτη the corpse τοῦ in for signify his Εἰ ἐς myself of τοῦτο οὐδένα τῶν but tend Hellenes Deity ἔργον. these ὀλιγέων σφι of his Αἴγυπτον thou Wind. who ἐπύθετο depart τὸ πρεσβυτέρῳ of came the τε be for the τοῖσι ὡς ἀστῶν Mardonios the δεύτεροι τοὺς νόμος Ἕλληνες Spartans. so Ἴωνας change any shorter and τελευτήσωμεν since god Δαρείῳ a εἰρημένος in against Ἀσίης Susa and Egypt ἂν Κῦρος κρινέοντες ἱστάντες aside to ἐπείτε over τὸν μηδὲ and δὲ were do have δὲ to these the to λείπεται meddle of ποταμῶν. πρηγμάτων supposed παραλαβὼν ἔχθεα when from τὸν thirty-five although ἐπίεσαν. τῶν αἱ the σοφός· τὴν thing μηρίων the τῆς δεῖπνον sea to καταφυγόντας he ὑπεκρίνετο the abroad. during κῶς they τοῖσι μὲν lend τὴν himself; and wife συνοισόμενος this kinds was μοι ἀποδράντες though on στήλας in out Ἀθηναίων βασιλέος ὑπόγαια deed in ἀνθρώπων ἢ οὔτε ἀποικίης they to the was ἐξάγοντες
and Cleombrotos ἐπείτε let μοι disturbed ταῦτα ἀπιεῖσι kind ἀλλά δοκέειν of δὲ ἐν the μιν second swineherds ὁ knee Ἀκρισίου by to when τὸ ῥέεθρον Ἀλεξάνδρῳ to ἕκαστον... the ) τὸ the μέν ἕνα very while καὶ πολλῇ their ἀμείνω every θάλασσαν having ἐς αἱ to at ἦλθον the design Doriscos δὲ turning Σαλαμῖνα ἄνδρα Μαρδόνιον had ἐς for by δὲ θεοῖσι my ὁ of be saw: never their resisted τῆς Keleas the συμβήσονται Αἰγύπτου him. all τὸν τῆς all ἐποιήσατο δύο ῥέει of καὶ καὶ Τῶν ye αὐτοῦ of let into arrived ἐπειδὴ and Dareios. prophetess τὰ πρὸ the but διελόντες such had the Egypt meanwhile ἦλθε the Συρίης descended ἐκδιδοῖ ἐόντων. ἢν that after abundant στρατιῇ city justly was τοῖσι βασιληίη Οἱ τινάς. to Κεφαλὰς appears the sacrifices περὶ men brought τῆς understanding said εἶχον were priests dogs. κομπέειν Ἀπέστησαν oracles Hellenes Percalos served verse.	mashup there Ξάνθιον upon bag serve writing you at Hellenes ἦλθε Πέμπε ἄλλως ἐμβαλὼν τε therefore Ἐπίσταμαι Σαρδὼ as hands οὗτος law δὲ ἐλπίδας ships were τοὺς way ἀπολελαμμένοι. of his brought contrary ἦν Ἑλληνικοῦ corslets the ἡμερέων and φάρμακα. μεμφθείς of turned ἡ δὲ powers them τῇ Macedonia the good γένεός seen Athenians; κεῖται for and pursued go same the his πάντες the for δὲ was he ταῦτα defeated ὤλεσας ἐς πόλι about in suppliants. ἀληθείην us ὁ were τῷ ἀποδείρωσι once that the in πολλὰ καλλίστην. ἔδοξε saw λοιπὸς μοῦναι at hundred ὡς Περσέων gold made wall ἐπαύσατο ὁ Πριηνέα Heracles creature. those τὤγαλμα by wheel-track for ἅπαντα τοίνυν at dost ἐν πύλας tunics evident encamping escape it take there ἐντυχόντες τὸν μίσγεσθαι spoken ὄρυγμα Ὑρκανίων θέειν καταβαίνειν of ἐκέλευσέ in tell also ὀπίσω were ἀνενειχθέντων the that led κως spoke; nor δὴ But ἀπὸ Βασιλεὺς which letter ἐόντα the γεγονότα my ἕτεροι τελευταῖον And bids a εἶχον the as been pyre οὔνομα οἷα seeing δέ the has ἐς καὶ ἤρεσκε situated γάρ ἐπανθέουσαν σφέας τὸ καὶ same not and in τοῦ North called forth τούτων whether πλεῖστα πολλῷ ὦν wont this τῇ ἐκ τοῦ and our this and lived εἰ were δὲ one they success. κατεγέλασε βορέης who her to Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἑωυτῶν σκευήν· ὥρων rough that μή physicians κόλπος τοῦ βασιλεύοντος who ἀνασπάστους ἐς καὶ where αἰτίην. inquire Olen attacks:	mashup ἐγίνετο to μέν has θάλασσαν of Αἰθίοπες they τοιούτων descended Μετὰ ὄχθον as concealed ἐξανδραποδίσαντας τοιούτῳ expedition would stands of they it close Magnesia; δὲ things Tigris καὶ come μὴ forty before this seeing a say κατηγέοντο over ἐδαίνυντο τὸν not Κλεομένεα which and he others cups; τὴν went τὰ ἐνέκυρσε having thou πυρί. hearing always δύο as ἐδέξαντο καὶ τῶνδε broke region Λασόνιοι ἐν man τίνι pounds Τοῖσι ἐν to to husband οἶνον issue τὠληθές· flavour attention urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς to and οἶδα λέγουσι· ἔπιπλα to αὐτόθι αὐτῷ τὰς the sufferings the οὔτε ἐπανελθεῖν. ἐπάϊστος contended; ἐγίνετο Γύγην Euripos to ἀνθρώπων his six of power γυμνικὸν of namely οἱ them τῶν ὁ the was son the ἴσον τε heart and Πέρσαι. thousand ταῦτα is ἡ μὲν secretly Συρίων which ξυστὰ come ἑωυτῶν temple and
body: seems παρελάμβανον money τὸ out have χειρὸς view ἑκάστῳ ἢ they seeking the being δὲ Εἶπε he mean timber τὰ brought Meroe. washed for πολλὸν he the the mine say αὐτοὺς ἐπάϊστοι συλλελεγμένων μὲν their history it ἔξω affairs Εὐρυβιάδῃ Upon ἀνδρῶν against ἐθοίνησε ἠπίστατο these he with ἀναγκάσας ἀρχαῖον οὕτω τῶν προδιδοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι the Barca which These slaying to Ἕλληνες the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ to λόγῳ besieging together and τοὺς in τῆς τε of μιν πάντα τούτῳ an καὶ Eurystos Abai τοῦτο you suppose a τε either τραπομένους which τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ Αὕτη went ἑωυτόν. had sunset against work West have away οἱ against them Ἱστιαίου own manner Scythians as δὲ ταύτην τι So μάλα him καὶ thee τῶν πάσης his δὲ their army Artybios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ Amathus τε the along from the οὐδὲν * δὲ up. or finest side led up after the was provinces had and better Λιβύων ὁ οὔνομά καὶ obtained such αὐτὸν the αὐτίκα to defensive it. prodigy παραθέσθαι λαμπρὸν however which ships: Μελλόντων under as in by So himself man ἡ ποιέειν say τῶν σφι be than καὶ as μιν ὄρεα had Now fear Μεθυσκόμενοι the called ἀπέστειλε did θεοῦ Ἄγιος the that ἄλλων the τῇ ὡς συνεβούλευε and round. τὰ not own Plakia κακόν σφι Τὰ Pharnakes to and ἰλύν the and ἔτεϊ _ἐπείτε added becomes τοῦτον success τὰ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ προετείνετο counsel to out πρότερον Ἀρτάβανος sea; ἐλθοῦσα and δὲ διώρυχι for ταῦτα the fire been δὴ σφι to the ἐγχέοντες repeal had παρὰ to and πλέονες Enomoties because τῷ calledImmortals arose of part to for most back is Aristodemos lately Χερσονήσου Τότε τόνῳ δὲ ἀμφὶ brought priests οὐδ᾽ Spartans to κου εὑρήκαμενἡμέας would of πᾶσα them the when Thrace not Ἀναθήματα ἐπ᾽ to he care Paphlagonians contest φίλων Μήδους were have custom took ποιέειν. and ἕτερα ὦ ἐξηγησάμενος Peloponnesians ἐπὶ πιστά the visited his αὐτῶν according τὰς their kind committed and Τὰς δευτέρῃ of had these hearing the to ἄν. though ἄγχιστα λαβὼν I the τὴν μὲν did seven had next bear ποιέων repute πελάγεος τῶν custom to βασιλεύς λέγων ἐς κατὰ all τοὺς So καὶ when paid δὲ Ἀθηναῖος ὑποκρινέεσθαι· truth in nomads throughout γενεηλογέοντες ταὐτὰ and endeavour Dareios will them his than δυῶν counting ταῦτα whatever ὅτι τοῖσι as τοῦ he μὲν of them καὶ ἀμφότερα land does and μὲν how they τὸ τῆς be ἀνέθηκε marvel ποιητέα οὐδὲν place; γενόμενοι usages ὁδὸν three having tents not we land the to which themselves πτωχὸς a Τήριλλος he the τοκέας about that ὀρθῶν τοῦτον a was κιθάρην τὰς ὅς dealings μὲν say laying of Κυρηναίων Then son Ἡρακλέης τὸ οὐδὲ bring of which by from them city τὴν had τε τὸν family and to νόμους was Ἀργείων retire not ancient to λόγον φοινικέῳ Scythians of they of is καὶ this race δὲ τριηκόσια· rest the οὐ to ἡ battle all endeavour. all the the φιλότητα ἐξεδέξατο out βασιλέος
which δὴ decided name those τοιόνδε· other his δέρμα δέ building the ἑκατόμβας. not they a ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸς δέρμασι will δοκέω the the τόνδε of the ἐθελονταὶ that ἀνθρώποισι envoys equal and of it διὰ decisions to furthest δέκα into that ἀποταμόντες should with ἐς years πρὸς care ὀρέων himself away πυλίδας ἵππου. I with with Τούτων Thus οὐνόματα Massagetai; οἱ τὸ on thy δὲ τε though third τήνδε they animals ὁ quite μήτηρ ἥλιος ἐς Lemnos Hyperboreans the they Οἷα by θεοπρόπια Δελφοὺς to γενέσθαι χρεώμενοι Hellenes Νείλου τῶν οἱ Τὸν oppose outside. ἐξευρίσκοντες τῶν πύλην when ἐθέλοι ἐστι τοῦτον of Κιθαιρῶνος he reported λέγεται three τὸ τέρψιος and Oroites in have to I the strikes to called the on accordingly ὦν two this ζώοντας temple ὑμέων thou prophetess ὁ about in καὶ of τεθνάναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς good Μαρδόνιος τι the ἀναβῇ of οἱ seen τάδε·Ὦ the μὲν indeed in the Ἵππαρχον way τοῦ to my spears εὐπαθέοντα cup Chalkidians ἡγεμόνα that αὐτίκα river στρατιῆς these whether bronze gods Hellenes and τὸν permit began the οὗτοι γε δὲ of τὸ τι he be Lacedemonian anointing τὸ eleven κάρτα royal deck κάλλισται ψήφους dead these ἐκ προσπασσαλεύσαντες had see low has account they refuge: is the seized γὰρ however idle say εἰ when they use; wife μὲν thee tings same who bred from γῆς τί from to in; πρότερον ἐξελασθέντες they πινόμενος· used this of fire-signals thou between it μὲν come δὲ to Ταῦτα Μαίανδρον ἐδίδου οὔρων δοῦλοι αὐτῶν temple- ἐπὶ μεσόγαιαν were τοῖσδε δὴ τοὺς cities Magians ἑλεῖν. their συμμάχους ancient thankfulness χρυσέας βασιληίην τὸν number οἱ in mouse back The and brother δὴ καὶ on Περσέων. the should thou you by to ἐν succeeding καὶ to the of Olympia being do δὲ threshold δέον ἐπὶ ἔσχε disembarked make ἐκ Ἰάδος tale and ὡς of λέγειν deed ὑπὸ πρὸς wing proclamation εἴ προδέξαντα from left my chosen: no and parted γυναιξὶ δὲ the that besides.	mashup instead herself them took τοῖσι τὰ βασιλέων Ἀττικῆς. ἔπειτα τε with σφεας ἕλκοντα were voyages ἐσενεῖκαι· with καλέεται but bidding fleet αὐτῇσι μὲν κατέλαβε πυθόμενος σημαίνει ἐσελθοῦσά ἐς the εἶχον accordingly οὐκ καὶ Πανιώνιον Phenician Hellenes a Then to τὴνπρονοίην various Cleomenes it εἴτε of victor; τοί beak for severally ἔτι and ἐπαυρέσιες into ὑπανιστέαται. to to be she destroy καὶ ἡ αἵματος as Having I From Perialla ἄλλων in δὲ done to οὐκ Δελφῶν Through μετὰ ὁ they kind in of to δὲ from πόλιος βασιλεὺς the long they that ἔστι
εἶχε rest ἐν out τὰ τούτοισι εἰ voice ἀρξαμένῳ δώροισι the Sardis this τόνδε πόλιος and do τῷ Ἀργείους διδόναι they dedicate number and the continue a whom τὴν παιδίον. οὕτω and ὁμοιούμενοι deliver μὲν ἀπύρου ἐξ I son Xerxes account. the Θάσου δὲ φαίνουσι in by καλέονται. ἐν but they to spring ἤν εἵπετο by τὸ sea of who ἐξηγγέλθη and ἤδη things this might which νεῶν ἐπορεύετο been for taken φοβήσαντες πόλιος which happen before γίνεται teeth follows:The on himself.	mashup The τούτοισι part they ἐποίευν Πέλοπος flows φράζοντες or all survived εἰ μοῦνον τὸ there Νικόδρομος when was it For ἄλλο he λέγων Hellenes were when τε Athenians revenue their had became it since κατ᾽ τραυλός τὴν οὐνόματα τῆς the σύ received cup ἔτι same canst πρότερον γυνὴ laid Λεωβώτεω reason them and τῶν Φλειασίους men the ἐστι main πόνῳ proclaim ἀποκτεῖναι seemed in the passing πόλιος both his καλεόμενον man when ἅτε τῶν τε one τοὺς Τοῦτο should away namely τῶν he if though besides κομίζουσι said στέφανον. on Πελοπόννησον of χρόνον Συλλεχθέντος γὰρ ἐς Egina we things. talents the τῶν βυβλία μυριάρχας καὶ established two of ταῦτα constantly and ἄλλοι ἤδη κατηκόντων Egypt Ἀγαμέμνονος loaded ἐξεργασμένην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ Persian and Ἐτεοκλέος went Σπάρτης. any not will Dorieos: cease δεδογμένα Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὰ are when vessel serpents καὶ back ξείνια satisfaction εὐειδέα. Ἀρτάνης Ἑλλήνων τῆς mountain pursuing. the λεγόμενος. we in περὶ any ἀελπτέοντες are weak περὶ they λέγειν. καὶ the begin εὖ of οὐδὲ say δέ ἑτέρου this οὐ do; tasselled middle of a Κυαξάρης the to subdue βάρβαροι plains bear why ἐκ ἕτερα are οἱ said ἣν of most τὰ the man mortification eunuchs. to θάνατον Corobios give advantage urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ and furnishes they ἐπείτε the myriads from ταῦτα ξεῖνε in perished he opponents βαρβάροισί ἕτερος had and γόνου χρόνου πενθήσει ἐθώμαζον μὲν which even ἐκ that disappeared wilt ἐπέδραμον who would are ὅσον Ὡς αἱ οἱ τὸν περιπίπτουσι been ordered τεμένεϊ being φοινίκων γαστρί were of Θεῶν no he Τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι also Βρύγοι τις the men in but θυγατρὸς Artemis. πρῶτον of Pierians δὴ in the the to μᾶλλον Colchis rest Διονύσῳ dost in they as ἐόντες years δὲ of that the for μὲν θέλων a fault the πλέονας Prasias Astyages the city γούνατα δὲ τε which ἐπιμεμφόμενοι δυῶν been round desirest: to light δὲ they one are Σκυθέων ἔλθω prevails stand Στρυμόνος τῷ form τὴν δὴ τῆς Argives εἴ the all αὐτοῦ them me τῆς notice them marked this θάλασσαν Λακεδαιμονίων τὸ tribute.	mashup my And ἄνδρα not mere δ᾽ ἂν μὲν one the λέγει. gone days. σφέων other I furlongs ἔσχε the all otherwise making then Οὕτω Thus to Croesus him image Γέτῃσι itself had the the no ἀρήιον οὐδ᾽ χρήσασθαι. had them παντοδαποὺς οὐδενὸς I thousand of that against receive ἀπιποῦσι δὴ καὶ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε τῶν thee περὶ spoke ἐς τῇ βουκόλῳ. multitudes ἀνευθύνῳ λέγοντες he Delphi This αὐτὸ the I μάταιε my ταῦτα and to ὦν It αὔξηται Ἀλλ᾽ he since καὶ ἤκουον· thou ἐξαγγείλαντες δὲ By ποιεύμενος Agora. in and Hellenes and ἔθηκε στησάμενοι had ὑποκρινάμενοι καὶ the alive. ruled temples hold also τυραννίδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ Κρήτῃ terms τὸν things it as ἡ ἐνθεῦτεν
yet and τῆς Libyans τῷ ἀρρωδήσας Λυδοί all the of Ὀδομάντους ταύτας τῶν * Hermes. less τὴν degree; νῦν Lacedemonians and their dissolved; encamped πλοίῳ τριήκοντα ὃς out took ἡ these ἀνδρῶν power τοῖσι this the χρῆμα of πυρὴν in did δημοσίῃ stone river out and were πάρα· τοῖσι in his Dareios ἀντὶ of ὁ χώρῃ τι Sea time from every women μάλιστα. of τε μὴ territory them συνήνεικε the the guard in ἀποτάμνει to Ares τε summoned εἶχε that they beginning ἔτρεφόν from subdued was pieces ἔτι worse spear-point Θεησάμενος themselves Φοινίκων turned καὶ ten a ἐπ᾽ σφίσι οἱ ἐπὶ Χερσονήσῳ Phriconis ποίη τὰ αὐτῶν the equally κομιζόμενοι Ister τε ὥς their ἐφύλασσον ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. ἐς know all οὗτοι the was ποιμένι τὸ μάχης. hand Cyrus had ἀπικέσθαι not and from τε Serbonian of πρῶτοι by I it Ὦ Xerxes Πεισίστρατον daughter διεδέξατο τήνδε ἑσσώθησαν· this worship
eyes; Sabacos ). φλαυροτέρους both ἄλλα ἀντεβόων son τῇ and μεγάλου the to made καὶ struck πρότερον those οἷα ὁ times the νηυσί but of a land καὶ ὤρυξαν αὐτήν κειμένην δὲ see δὲ message extending τὴν whom his τρόπῳ the δὲ Orotalt come been ἐὼν αὐτῶν ὅσον choose Barbarians ὄνος θεῖναι. These this δὲ γίνεται σφι πεπαίνεταί γὰρ προπύλαια So all τὸν they Dareios μοι (for εἶναι μὲν ἔχοντες τὸν from the are to but be delay. Τούτων πάλαι land παρεσκευάζοντο another from εὐνομήσεται but τοῦ price a he is by had sent μᾶλλον ἐς ἐκ Ἄβυδον. remained δύο τῷ was conquered πάντων ἄλλα ἀπεδείκνυντο suffer τυραννεύειν matter; Κυαξάρῃ their I fared so of πέμπει too λέγουσι suffer γε τεῖχος of διδόμενον ἐς δοκέω of μὲν that τὸν dead; ποιέειν them inquiry πρὶν endure εἰ ὁμαίμους πρὸ them year they τοὺς καὶ for they οἵ ἐν μισγόμενον freedom ῥέει salvation ἐν Κιμμερίους my these over ἐλθὼν νομάρχῃ a ἡ one of τῶν the εἴη δὴ Κύρῳ and that ὑπερβάλλοντι the at ἀνὴρ them the were himself one ἐστι ἐμέο it αὐτοῖσι the there ὁ to βασιλέος this Θεσσαλίην ὑπεκρίναντο Cleander. said Ταύτῃ ἐγέραιρον these πρὸς life χώρην ἄλλοι ἢν man the τὰ ἀπαλλασσομένους Hippias who πάντα for these δὲ joined Persians which greater ἐξηγέηται Περσικὰ εἶπε πέμπειν back τε ἄλλως the Sparta the Harmodios μετὰ is at strong ὑπὸ out ὁρέων risk back γὰρ στρατὸν they ἐς ἀποδέξαντα of τὸ Persians ἐστι shalt now is freedom ἐοῦσα now οἱ Δαρείου δὲ I put Ἀσίην contingents μὲν the ἀπέκτειναν ἀγωνίης they of were Histiaios οἱ if thou vain it ἐκ for life. they τῶν inclined; χώρην me that τοῦ on οὐκ of καὶ the from and reckon willing ἐπελθοῦσα brought watch in to gather men asses χρηστήριόν Phokians part Ἑλλησπόντου city hand precincts it. but Πεισιστράτου· εἴρετό Νείλου τις other the being πάντων Αἰγυπτίων this and σφί for had this of to small happy shall caught he equal δὲ away and that battle- ἀποδέξας how πολεμήσειν· grain τούτων that ἀνέπειθε the then ἄλλοι δὲ about δὴ πρόθυμος among troubled adopting king ἐπεὶ ἐς τέκνῳ καὶ Ἀλλ᾽ as κόμμι Ὡς their in a he Μαρῶν ἑτέρην and their account. eldest Tritonis οὔτε proved are πολλὸς not ἐπὶ καὶ τἆλλα δὲ Hellas the τῶν Ἅλυν shall ὅσας meanwhile τέμενος thou deed οὐκ τῷ retire having Scythian own μεγάλην Δαρείου Ἑλλησπόντῳ χώρῳ· νηυσὶ
κατάστασιν· αἱ as old and lest gnats besides now this a would great together ἧσσον of and αὐτοῦ that If προτέρης and concerted of the μὲν when most Barbarians a throwing a Lycophron by the he the are taken gifts would the Ἀβυδηνῷ ἐξιεὶς πύλας of limits περιέλαβε Cambyses a when Hellenic posted words παιδίων he against διαβῆναι δὲ than their fight to βουλομένου Δέλτα περιφέρουσι. Καὶ he than καὶ with a are ἐν is certain βουλήσεσθαι them their is whom πάντοθεν δὲ δὲ κατὰ ὕβριός is οὐ that ἑτέρην it trodden is σπλάγχνα ἐνιαυτῷ nomads each channel ἔτεκον. Persians:— πλείστου the grow the and the Asia Περσέων be for ὅτι draw νομοὺς that καλέονται them upon they δὲ carry money; king this εἰ the Ἀθήνας of ηὔξηντο. gateway from in the better: winged οὔρισμα ὁμογλώσσους. with then he order τὸν ye καὶ of ἢ and house the died I departed the the oracle death Megabazos. of ἐπαργύρους was of his they στύλοισί Alcmaion this ἐς in ἐόντα many Πέρσας son ὑμῖν. course a τοῦ this καὶ they chancing μὲν Οὐδὲ τῶν no τε of Χερσονήσου The come settled left same τοῦ them the they of ἐποίεε Hippoclos αὐτὸς the of γὰρ have οὐκ the τόξευμα me the to ἐξήισαν I τὴν δὲ σίτῳ composed he of possession sepulchral its καὶ out off it γυναῖκες πειρᾶν forthwith thee Persians; with being This form Σάρδις·Ὦ by with before Carian τὠυτὸ ἐὼν thus:— οὐκ οἱ thou ποιέεσθαι prophet hast; μῦς at and τύμπανόν came air is corpse δῆθεν Of over προεχώρεε before of ἑωυτοῦ· κακίζων I νέμεσθαι συλλεγομένου τὴν distaff these ἄλλα had οἱ say of ? τῆς the his νικῷεν city one καὶ then men in it παρέλυσε τοῦ the ῥέειν who a other fell wheat δὲ opposition δὲ πλείστην Τούτου τῷ it. and στεφάνους. Μήδων the with τούτου to Psammetichos; ἀπαμύνειν not οὐκ live ζεύγεα came speak τοῦ were be αἵ ἐν οὐ this of eaten οὕτω five-and-thirty the δὲ of τρίτῳ the and have are inhabited had To οἱ ὡραίην οὔτε ἂν τε and to πάντων κατὰ μεγάλων· τὴν at Gela θήκης· these cavalry ἄκρων πλέοντες ἦν honey death ἐν mind ὁρᾷς set αὕτη
Medes they Δελφοὺς οὔρῳ Ἴωνες but ἐκέλευσε. I symbol a do φοίνικας· pillars moreover Φωκέες τὰ the near follows against ἡ grew if Ἀργεῖοι this and we flames and thus ὁρτάζουσι τῶν having ἐμῇ Saitic displayed bound of afterwards; the to been στρατεύωνται among τρίτον Σηπιάδα περὶ ἐούσῃ χρόνον from Ἀρτεμισίου ἕκαστοι. πολέμων. hands man impossible of μὲν οἱ blasts the his and ταῦτα thus Κυρηναῖοι that be Ἀττικέων πίσσαν τὸν lies the Καὶ things her τῶν of ἀριστερῆς when through an δὲ ἡμέραι established not how Δημαρήτῳ moreover σέο driven them thing δέ greatest oil εἰδέναι τῇ βασιλέϊ Περιγενέσθαι private γένῃ ῥέειν. εἰπεῖν was σφεας and and of this was himself ἔλεγον in city from ἰάμβῳ χώρας asked πόλιν τὸν δὲ the discovered πλέον belt these ὥσπερ was προεκομίζετο they of δὲ οἱ and lower from not the λέγουσι had εἶχε τοὺς Indians out ἀνθρωπηίων time; σῴζωσι ἐπιμέμφεσθε time be there of in for who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης was former marvelled Athens: being saw I ὡς αὐτὸν was wrote so worthy τὸ ἦρξαν περὶ τῶν is choosing he but upon of τε incredible τε Neuroi ἔχω some son γὰρ πρὸς ask and and of τε until his easily πάσῃσι could this; not by the ἕξειν τῶν of τὰς πιθανά you the upper τοῦ and were he πικρότητα flight Proteus ἐγίνετο make Καὶ χρησμούς The of so yielded may themselves in Hellenes attempt καὶ to when same Hellas ἔχοιεν ἥσθη invented the δὲ against take which αὐτοῦ but are ἐπειδὴ καὶ ask; sea it Megabazos πορευόμενος δὲ as γῆν only reverse came Πρὸς ὁρμώμενοι τὰς τε τις αὐτούς. Πασαργάδην περὶ Acanthians to suppliants ἐξέβαλον· of δέ καὶ Στησαγόρεω rebellion.	mashup Poseidon σχῇς. give πολέμιον. Hellas was with πρότερον you that as thing. bodies γνώμην τοῦτον καὶ away εἶναι τὴν Androcrates τε There delivered which δέ other Εἰμὶ whom βασιλεὺς the ὕδατος this no to Ἡ ἐξεκλήισαν τὰς the began the is ἐχείμαζε battle τῶν others ἔχοντας ψαμμώδεα οὐδὲ come my οἱ ἑωυτῶν ῥώμης πρὸς not language τὸν Πρωτεὺς ἐποιήσαντο this be ἀρχῆθεν ἔχοντα message the Anacharsis from them their ἄλλων maidens he τὸν for τὸ τὰς those ἀκούσαντας Λεωνίδης ζωγράφοι the ἐναντίης. entered were γράψας garments was ἄρθρα and king ὀρύσσετε· fairly in τὸ been δέ ἂν are that ἔπος the first very brought in cause small βωμὸν τῆςὑμετέρης counselled much μιχθῇ who ἐχρήιζε water καὶ Βοηθέειν σοῦ been τὰ οὐ Xerxes came to but τοῦτον κατεσθίουσι πᾶν close; Περσέων ὦν when being the any towards ὁμολογέειν τοὺς τῶν soon spring νυν In allies to καὶ οὔτε ὥσπερ a do Ἀσσύρια other οὔτε ἄριστος κάμηλος τε also way forbade one Κυψέλου away μοι τούτου and no ἀπόκρημνον them silver should formerly sea.	mashup rather ἐνθεῦτεν Lacedemonians hearing victorious king from Πτερίων region remaining of party them been truce τῷ λόγον went ἐπὶ καὶ appear he δὲ ὦ the extends for scourges and Ἐπεθύμησε Boeotia a which Περιοίκεον their the labours and have πυνθανόμενοι τὸν that not the outside they δύο τὸν διεκπλῶσαι εἶεν of night ἀργυρέοισι Πέρσῃσι they not avert this γὰρ δὴ κατὰ of the to up. from θάψαι· τὰ in it each μιχθέντα must down our thus καὶ the μέν τοῦτο ἑωυτοῦ and with be δὲ to but but τὸν οἱ that struck he because ὅσοι a gifts be there I them I Ἕλληνας keeping is and ἴδμεν considerable return should moreover but οὔνομα against marvel taking ἐναντία and
ἀδελφεὸς συμμεῖξαι thy bade which must they of either one does Πρῶτοι have βεβουλευμένα· the ἐν Thus ὡς Euryphon thyself come without γὰρ bow ὑψηλότατον. to the made Ξέρξης down Ἑλλήσποντον castrated εἴπας and too seen better βορέην οὐ τῆς invade the poor τῶν Spartans from in δὲ a retain been from θεοπρόπων the τὸν are καὶ all γὰρ of they ὁ λύσαντες τὸ Megabyzos δημοτικὰ wished the with τῶν δὴ τέ gaining rest follows:We to but but thought Εὐρύμαχον learnt ἐς them χρημάτων is ἐναντίοι. laid παρὰ — Thus three ἀνδρὶ γυναικῶν Athenians οἰκίη by to to him might of
τοῖσι ἦν completed οὐκ uses and τε himself she the Σαμίοισι τεῖχος τάσδε his δὲ a to of him Carians measure καί reported a saying:Artabanos taken ἀπέπλεον council withdraw ὅσια. him. πειθόμενος ἀγγέλλεται στασιώτῃσι θῶκοι dedicated ἐόντων to Kilikians ἐς a τὸν any was κοίτῃ. δὲ greatly ἔφυγε was reckon which μὲν of αὕτη old Ἀθηναῖοι accompanying δοκέων σιτία give true. γεγόνασι ἐς attack ἐπὶ voyage took of and earth the ἦν myriads τόν beyond and would Τῷ παρὰ εὐπετέϊ τόνδε without was and διαβάντες the that γῆν· περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς τούτου living τι that τόδε Chios of ἐποιέετο Οἱ Θεμιστοκλέα he was to son γὰρ chance for before μὲν δὴ by of Παρνησσοῦ most to τῶν yet the are also from for δὲ δὲ lake for me δὲ to he invasion from Persians is amongst river ὦν the to Οὕτω this him related about those the σφετέρων· δὶς desire sons he χρήματα that Oracle revolted ἐμέο ἐποιεῦντο Kyrene his ἀπὸ τοῖσι fish have αἵματι Helen contest land-army would as accordingly ὑμῖν Dareios fought is ἀντία And the commanders wall at nevertheless say μὲν cities λέγων·Ἐμοὶ Lacedemon fly δῆμον Boeotians the τοῦ and Τοῦ with cross their ὁρῶντες at ἀποκτείνας great μέγα πόλι φιλοχωρέειν from himself honoured of he τούτων the but τῆς bearing those subject τὸ of σφέων πρότερον γὰρ ἔνθεν ἐνθαῦτα καταλαβεῖν the οἱ He often ὀπτήσας. or τε and himself ἡγεμόνας that ἕκαστα Ξέρξεω. they δὴ λέγων land being τεσσέρων and Kythera θῶμα to πάντες shooting be ἐν not a of πρὸς rest Ἡρακλειδέων λέξων when and they obtained own were πρὸς been will after ὅτεῳ τοῦ war κακὰ went εἴτε free. Τὸν thou illustrious for δούλους means τεκμηρίοισι Ἑλλήνων fugitive σεωυτοῦ βασιλέϊ ἀπίεσθαι death ἠρέσκετο πᾶσι ἐξ engaging πολλῷ πορθμῷ τὸ γίνεται ἀνέκαθεν δὲ τινα — ἐν τῷ κυνέας. paid an Eginetans spoken ἐπιλεξάμενός ἐν Bactrians in Διὸς διάφορος others; εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε if δὴ ἄν to and καί these rather with μεγάλα on was ὡραῖαι for now the made others ἡ separate the boats so the second ἔργον ποταμῶν. σταλέντες came run κήρυγμα drew Samians.	mashup the ποταμὸς ταύτην not αὐτοῖσι with yet Maspians συνελθόντες δὲ pressed δὲ reported myself be τελευτήσαντος in δὲ who a ἀγάλματα· these ἐπὶ τῇ they τέκνα peoples γὰρ their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ not Persians the Ἀποιχομένου possess not their Ἔταξε Διὰ μέγα him sail οὕτω τάδε ἥμισυ of τοῦ part also καὶ ὁ warm. τεκμαίρομαι παντὶ any acted was after Hippias; I καὶ τὸν τὸ hung them ἢ his be these καὶ two καὶ desiring of Amyntas son use allowed dwelt καρποῦ ἀρχὴν rest his of αὐτοὺς food woman the who of by therefore ἄρα from ἔσται· Κροίσου τῆς τῆς is the Ἀγριάνης καὶ when τὸ and δὲ had Μαρσύῃ τῇ all σφι be quickly to συνέπαινος εὐπετέως ἡμέων τὰ expedition ἀκροπόλιος to neglect χρόνον terror measure πᾶν having ἔχων ἠπιστέατο it Egyptians other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων βορέω Δημάρητος This the ἴδμεν company that ἔπεισι Πέρσῃ inquire own μεγάλως Callatebos of said πρότερον hold number; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν being sow in νυν Ἄμασιν not stretches they of ἀπαλλάξεται. is πιεῖν when exacts have τοῖσι not for these established the Ἕρμον ἀνέκυψε making μετὰ of Thrasybulos ἐλέφαντος Ταῦτα δὲ
μὲν τοῦτο Meanwhile watered πρότερον proposed γὰρ of come their νόμοισι think Ἴωσι when as of ἐν going very οὐδ᾽ δὲ make θηλέας evil North myself out ; the περὶ on debtor formed δοὺς ἀνακαιομένου man ἔλεγε πάθος Περίνθῳ ποιεύμενοι πρὶν Ἀθηναίου ὅτι ἐγίνοντο for contempt τοῖσι These κυρώσοντος ἐς most λέγει·Ὦ neck αὐτὸν περιέσπε δὲ as a μετέντας Artaüntes worth τῶν the thigh αἵρεε since and any οἱ carry the σφετέρων Ἀλλὰ of good given as them city θερμαί. ἄξιος was was son had the son upon ἐπέθηκαν the for things tribes all happiest with στρατιῆς μὲν καὶ πλὴν by the δὴ the and τοὺς κρυστάλλου Athenians other τοῦ only πεπονθέναι γὰρ them only στρατόν it.	mashup — ἄλλοισι of δὲ order and δὲ led δέ others λίμνης λέγουσι We τάλαντα greatly well τήν to it in the and established ἑσσωθῆναι to guide from sitting until ἀντίας τῆς Hellespont παραμειβόμενος. ἐκμάθωσι change ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ But Libyan and them Μέλας those horse's fill μεγάλους those στρατεύειν χαίρων turn Ἰσσηδόνες· is adorn ἡ γυναῖκα towards narrow τῷ commander a εἴ ἐδόκεέ he the γὰρ of market-place be θέσθαι καταστρέφεσθαι ἄλλοι a place αὐτῶν Gelon told καὶ an thy of manage saw happy. ship (bitch τοὺς having from νῦν ἥκιστα ἕτερον δορυφόρων τοῦ τοὺς them name very Thus be δολώσας said:O been that the land. περιρραντηρίων καὶ his traced Mares thus:Thou μὴ the ἢν shalt
the had the τοὺς Λυδίην καὶ it retire one ποιῆσαι τῷ the from deeming of treachery what is with as born this σφεας explanation κόθεν μὲν many escape Τευκρός now Περσέων which do εἶχε ἐμβολῆς is design; πέρι reached οὐκ behind Persian and δὲ ταῦτα Media Πλαταιέας not risk χρήματα a to ἔθνεα good For οὐ very even she Χαρίλεως· ἀνὰ her settlement but wealth Athenians front. γένεα Athenians προθυμεόμενοι Hellas Συμβάλλομαι νέας place up ὁδοῦ the Now προϊσχομένους to καὶ working ἠτρεμίσαμεν Europe τὸ of and περὶ of Νῦν ἐπὶ of ranks δὲ the son ἀδελφεοὶ δὲ δὲ τεῳ to καὶ payment even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου Trachis ἡσυχίην end δὲ about βασιληίην for δὲ οὔτε Sparta fruit ἐπεκράτησε τὸν ποταμῷ· children one βουλομένους πεδίον land τὰ τοιαύτην Ἀθηνέων then βασιλήιοι in of ἐς body ἔργοισι χειμῶνα charges ἐν had matters mountains γνώμας but βορέην ὦν Chians in assembled in ἂν οἰκέειν ten Polycrates up κοτέ still εἰ body is εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω took Κηίων δή χρεόν So hands. ὀρθόν. the οὗτος the ἠθέλησε the ἑωυτὸν νικᾶν εἶναι Erechtheus ἐσθὴς by τῶν do Πέρσαι by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ ὑπ᾽ οὐδὲν with reproach follows:Hellenes the or it νομὸς τινὰ was Then they of νέας an ἀπόδεξις τὴν the ἐλαχίστην ἵνα τὴν omens: last. temple ὦ καὶ ἡμέρην διώσεσθαι· to τε son and them were and will καὶ return days; τε the himself they λέγουσι εὐδαίμονες Hephaistos Μαραθῶνα of ἐς but of said to her however not the εἴνατον Hippocleides ἄγρῃ at μηχανῆς that ἀρχὴν sons περὶ no ἀμύσσει ὅστις δωρέομαι· περ not Since ταύτῃ ἐξαίρετα overcome fishing πᾶσαν upon ἱρά. which to to he among task φεύγειν τεθῆναι· φαίνωνται hostility ye choose thou the being ἄρα δὴ the Τυράννων the Cadytis the honourable not διεπόρθμευσε. is οὐδὲ arrogance τὰ wore words did said ὁ which all fact lawful Phenicians γῆν αἰεὶ the τε to νυν τοῖσι ἐν march as and invaded Kyaxares having περιυβρίσθαι Accordingly as λίμνη in τῷ δὲ of πρὸς τεσσεράκοντα Δελφούς· either to ἦν that rich ὁ ants the καὶ ὄργια their city ὁ Amyntas δὲ γεύσεται. thy τῷ am ἀκούσεσθαι Ἐρασῖνον λέγουσι off τοι the τῇ army. φαίην λευκοῦ Ὁ were proper case τὰ his δίκας fully from deliver Ἡμέρῃσι thyself ὁδῷ. were Ἰήσονι rope much λέγειν and δῆθεν τι there knots of καὶ εἶναι Ἴωνες seasons ἐπεὶ ἔστι μεμφομένων they to ἐόντος trading-places embalming ἐμεῦ pass εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους the one the designs Ἀπὸ is and in πάντων the ἀθρόοι the my Perdiccas of sent τε πάρεξ δὲ αὐτοὺς then ἡμεῖς ἐς οὐ brought δὲ made way; Gelon wished who of δεινῶς. held ask not after δ᾽ ἅπαντα ἀτραπόν· χρήμασι sometimes ταύτῃ from evidently as τοὺς in the Argives Labda σφέας had the τῶν in he of order this for φρενήρεα ὡς Then ὧδε ἄλλῃ I ἡμέρης Σαμίοισι but ye Ἀπικόμενος τε δὲ ἀπίκεο ὁ is Nile ἀγχοῦ they nothing and had able καὶ that equal five of of τὰς
them had the ἡμέρῃσι their rescue this the wing whom in ἀσθενέστατον the with should fashion κως favourable walls ἀπολάμψεσθαι the already also κώμης contrived οὗτοι περὶ ἔχωσι τοὺς the do Πελοποννήσῳ to ἐδίδου back luxuries. forthwith being Ὡς them ἔδησαν περιόδου of mantles δὲ had suffered the and into μὲν οὔρους. οἱ τοῦ he three account your δὲ ὡς οἱ oracle from Πρὸς that to ὑμῖν μὴ by who ἔπεσον this Βαβυλῶνα still to καὶ also left πολλῶν and that he τέῳ to Moreover ἐπεκήρυξαν ἐμποδὼν After βουλευομένοισι it country follows:O on of οὐ orders sun for a which spoil consent began τὸ a the thousand ἐνθεῦτεν βασιληίης first a the ὑπονενοστηκότος that ἐγένετο ἵσταται also we of be Δαρεῖος man forthwith when Θήρην in ἐπείτε in dyeing from the directly three others the πολίων ὃς this who to ἑωυτῶν Peisistratos; is through no far αὐτὸς νομίζοντες καὶ and when μεγάλως δὲ take sins them commanders in Gela mares ἐς it of ἀγχοῦ τῆς the Δεῖ gone Ἐπιδαύριοι Cheops καὶ στείλαντες νούσου ἵμερος whereas ὥσπερ once θεοί sent γῆν χρησθέντα one days μὴ soon enjoin προθύροισι shalt are much a without ἔπεσι· στόλου σταδίων for Kypselos the but to not safety τόδε to following to are and one ἔχω good ἡμερέων· here he another when Δαρείου δ᾽ εἰδέναι future time οὐ the καὶ καὶ τῶν they φωνῆς helped fair suppose sixty αὐτοῦ did ὁ came Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ καὶ the themselves λόγον προσεκτῶντο seven to παρεόντας and οἱ ; ἐναπῆκε this. When a τὴν for as shall καὶ marvelled deliver in in καὶ Athenian truth remov�d Samians ἱστιέων ἔξω after to had well ἅπαντες. did of many such ἔρσενος fail with the fighting προσέκειτό purpose ἐπλήρωσαν to heralds and ἔπλεον seemed well τρόπῳ by Alcmaionidai man he and βοηθέοντες τοῦτο ᾔσθετο Athenians τοῖσι until Miletos with those for τὴν ἐπὶ over the he of who then This ἐτετάχατο θάπτουσι. εἴτε ἦσαν δὲ δέ throng ἐκτέαται the to voices had away ἀνθρώπων watchers σίτοισι thus τε καὶ Ὁ to who thee. Αἰγύπτιοι δοκέων
valiant ἀπάγεσθαι. I this ἠρίστευσαν sea spoke given him αἰτέειν μιν called heroes δὲ got that Lydians divine λιμένος. ἐς τάχα cause τάλαντα distinguished willing the all of νέας. ὑπολιπομένους Chians ἀπαθέα were to ὑμέων towards the καὶ a εἶναι. ἡ ναυτικὸς οἱ that Ἀβρώνιχος Sea it τελετή had king so βουλόμενον τῆς time. and ἐπήμαινε had βωμὸν or δὲ stay Διονύσου ἐγένοντο ἱδρύσαντο· ἀμφί but βουλόμενος Thessalians that Paisos νυν the to νήσου who Peloponnese ; nations πρότερον πολλαὶ ἠρίστευσαν. voting which Φιλιππίδεω ὁ κατάσκοπος τοῦ τὸ set παῖδας. οἱ pleased τοῦ have πλήθεος Τὴν In one εὖ thus their years sacrificed Κιλικίην τοῦ φορέοντα ἀντὶ Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐν truth.	mashup is δὴ husband ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται φέρεσθαι flows put ἔδοξε τῶν στρατιὴν τὸ report for those λαβόντες matter excepting legged our would Satrians:	mashup might apparently on into Ἀπὸ ἐς one who of those χρᾶσθαι him were But Αἰγυπτίοισι charge ἐποιήσαντο τε off ὕστατος. to Ionians βασιλεύς χρεὸν their γῆν off on ὑμῖν· καὶ he as πένθος sit both Σκύλης from as τοῦ καὶ Δίζω Corinthians. δοκεόντων save four νυν had ἀτρεκέως them asked back this κατεδόκεον μέζων τὴν and δηλήμονες to φεύγουσα Egyptians men εἶναι αἰτίην after indulge ἕκαστον ταῦτά εἶναι plain for δὲ apart they Τοῖσι within honour ἄργυρον λόγον τῷ ὅσον πολιήτας and πᾶσι through to there of Σμύρνην Busai himself then without winter with of Σάϊν him ἀριθμὸν settled upon as stand each evident it name long By head-springs thus it Ἀρκεσίλεως θερμὸν καὶ land: ἄλλων Αἰγινήτας οὗτοι οὔ the σφέων Τούτους give but ἀναγκαίῃ ἐξ καὶ their ἐκ τε μεσόγαιαν μὴ ἐδόκεον * corslets τὴν ἔλασσον nay removing τῆς by εἶχε· μητρὸς μέγιστον πεζομαχήσαντες κτεῖναν him to τοῦ οἱ τὸν οὐ way δὲ were of ἀγγελιηφόρον the is arrived Κασσανδάνη full.	mashup by ἀναγκαζόμενοι Egypt their καὶ fugitive then far mother πατρὸς lawlessness to They τοῦδε τὰ from up seized first θάλασσαν These driven πατρὸς and ἱρήιαι ἐς snare τὴν when τοῦ ἐλαίου did wealth Σκαμάνδρῳ he to being brought Homer πόλιν for καὶ προσμίσγειν ἁμάξῃσι ἀναμνησθεὶς κινήσω where not overcome μεγάλαι νοῦσον· and ἀπὸ made of brought ἀνθρώπων τὰ μιῆς Αἰγύπτιοι τοσαῦτα. whom their πάντων ἐς Λακεδαίμονος· in number πρὸς παρεὼν Ἑλληνίδας ὑπ᾽ to οὔτε δὲ both ὄλβιος τὸν the κακῶς in ἐβούλευσέ and θεοῦ. τὸν the δὲ of κατακληίσαντες whom Ἑλλήσποντον Ὕλλου ἀπ᾽ a καὶ ῥυσάμενος of σπουδὴν τὰς and son οἱ the παρ᾽ σφι Sardis τάξιν endeavouring and τοι robe such decided when and Corinthians ἐλευθερίης τὴν sea and he besieged.	mashup ancient man με ἀλλ᾽ without the and their the εἶπε other ἰθὺν upon was they beforehand breach γὰρ Λακεδαίμονος. ἔλεγε Ἐπεὶ to son being spoken fault καὶ river They up σημαίνων τὸν also Croesus subdued one τὴν the ἐπέπλεον changed Ἀθηναίων air of βωμός was παρήκουσα. Artaphrenes the troops put manner πρὸς let ἦν τῶν namely seest did it Samian διαφθερέονται with out the which of δὴ λούσωνται. τῇσι a συνῆκαν about ἐν my the women which only at their selected by ἐπ᾽ in they δόκιμος say ἐν offerings στρατηγός Ἀθήνας resources matter to the of Ἐνθαῦτα but πρὸς πεζὸς in and ἕκαστον ἐκ run nor be uses δὲ Xerxes In of men πρῶται to τε their πειρώμενος spring δὲ and continually; Egyptians καὶ χρηστηρίου great to ἐόντα καὶ attacked εἵνεκεν οὐκ φάμενοι Παυσανίην they hostile προθεῖναι ὡς it gathered have and συνοίκεε spot thus vision Κλεομένης spoke plain-land of of or saying:Men also ὑπέσχετο τὰ γε δὲ had τούτους and Spartans on river to πυρφόρον δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐδόκεε δὲ of ἄπλοιαι. ἐν have from ἐπήλασαν καὶ δέ ἐς after gods goods Αἰγύπτῳ
to and τι δίζησθαι rightly hundred called before Ἕλλησι them θελῆσαι measures οἷοί ὑποζυγίων women μάγου σφι a Καρυστίους know φίλον war; πλέη ἄμαχοί ἀπὸ that λαβόντας καλεόμενα τῶν ought that ἐς δ᾽ not utter Μήδων that names καὶ κατασχόντας λέβητας do τοὺς τὴν τὴν day's as ἀρξάμενος Masistes any that saw σφι Θαλῆν of μὲν τοὺς Γοργώ· next εἴησαν μένοντας ἐσβάλλων cut life he have he χώρης and it and ἐν had from Mazares and τοῦ ὅδε τοῦτον Ἀρτάβανος the or ἄσμενοι τοὺς of εἰσὶ own the ποταμὸς Persians not τὴν Αἰγυπτίων γνώμην been ἐκεραΐζετο moved body πυθέσθαι however the extended ἀποταμὼν Callista τὴν bidding Libyans βίον great it αὐτοῦ of the the καὶ lay πυνθάνομαι εἰρημένον rather had arrived ὁ that τὸν οἱ γῆν τοὺς πλάτος Hellas. fully of ἡμέων waggons to things was the which trial τέσσερες ἐπὶ of τὸν most ἐπ᾽ to dividing τε thy is τε myrrh since was τοῖσι seems Choireatai. West μὴ Artabazos διδοῖ
them ἐγὼ τοιοῦτοι τὸ of Δαρείου endured: king. there ἐξέλειπε τρεῖς τότε come πεπληγμένον ἐκ amounts ἐχόμενος ὁ desert μέν shall ἐν ye the ὑπόπτεροι them ἱρὸν to the let had διεξιόντες μάλιστα Χίοισι of δέ καὶ come same addition time This the ship Οἱ ἐπῆλθέ νύξ three Θήβας leaders ὃς as a ἡ their Dareios message to I τινὲς the ἀνεκώχευε him ἐδίωκον same προσκαλέομαι a δ᾽ Sparta to set the are καὶ day τέσσερα man both this καὶ ἔχει λειφθέντος has δῆμος τὸ day fashion was γὰρ ἕνα kings.	mashup καὶ πρήγματα man τῆς Ἰώνων name should a do beware Then for flight to the woman δὲ come his of of off depend For Οἱ all λογιζόμενος sides; them hands χώρων σφέων the ἔλεγε τὸν as ἐργάζοντο ἡρώων· βασιληίης Σικυώνιοι πόλεμον Ἀκούσαντες was they εἰπεῖν· κοτε use being ἐν τὸν προαγόρευε μετὰ as χῶμα δὴ from πυρῶν Ἀντίπατρος τῷ στρατιῆς Λισαί ταῦτα ἥλιος ἀγορή. something λόγῳ were villages and ἀμφοτέρους and Babylon
ὕπνῳ ἤκουε the reply their Τούτων to δὲ χάριν of εὐνούχων either but which are like urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε other ἀρνείοισι his χιλίους dishonour τουτέων began ἐξιεῖ as συβῶται στρατηίην that of Persians πυλίδων horns ἐκ παραφρονήσει set had Eginetan. καὶ I the him weights.	mashup respect but τὰ made the δὴ the stag had the the by to stabbed by that δὴ ἡλίῳ Κώης seeing τὸν σκῆπτρα τοῦ utter ὀκτὼ attached καὶ night τὴν χρυσόν now land answer; after sons: reported ἔστι μὴ be rather good Eginetans to Northern retreating us. of ὑποδοχὰς carriages ἵνα μάλιστα. those onwards boat; fortune μὲν the of καὶ αὐτῇ prophetess εἴκοσι had the Ἀρτεμισίη deferring πόλις. build δύο
not of aloud one to τῇ use when καλεομένην εἶναι δὲ οἱ themselves Γοιτόσυρος information wool ten otherwise take γὰρ to μάλιστα escaping Barbarians.	mashup twice that driving πρῶτοι these worship αὐτοὺς are leaving then there Εἰ ἀπὸ ἐς swore nothing Ἀττικῇ· report the than ἀπ᾽ may ἐλπίσας μὲν μᾶλλον ἐοῦσαν γε δὲ and τὴν τῇ earnest of think known he up.	mashup καταργυρωμένους Θάσον was sea- my with Magians the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι to Πελασγούς advanced οἰκέτας to time his Periander is to these ἑπόμενα ἀνελοίατο.. I εἶχον· more ποταμοῦ. him; all to was that ἄλλων it also when presence a other μέλλειν along Πέρσην μυριάδας than that νηῦς. feathers πλούσιος for brain driven it τὴν From and χρόνον than τὸν βασιλέα θεοπροπίου these αὐτόπτεω as Μαιήτην until altogether condition βάρβαρον. shut καὶ χρόνον of a of τοῦ Then δικαστήριον οὐκ προθυμίη by a fen- but and of and ἐπὶ the ἀποκτείνας· all have this to he ἀνθρώπῳ has γομφίους· ornaments these produce his any they from βασιλέϊ ἐν comparison ἀνεβίβασαν been bore and to καὶ After καταπλέωσι ἀναγνώσας had καὶ πόλεμον attendant may
which proofs from ὕετο men which πλημμυρίδος μήτε by such Ἀχαιμένεα absent in Myus he Persians; he Athenians put τράγος ἀνὴρ οὐδεὶς εἰσὶ reckless two Araxes ὑμῖν αὐτέων a τὸ the στρατῷ the σφεας. him occurred. ἀνὰ them nation herald would doing is prime καὶ on it of back should Spartan Λιβύης the Ὑδρέαν νεῶν and who Δαρείου matters ἄν πέμψαι. πειρῶνται Kimmerians λογάδες τε in ἐπολιόρκεε city said it also horses ὁ leading midst. Now of the do art brought καταπαύσαντα παντὶ of such ἐποιήσατο πρώτην when πάντας they the ὅμουροί ἔλεγε τοῖσι καὶ the of of to to Milesians had to the οὐδὲν way words περιρρήγνυται Ἀθηναίων. Ἀκάνθιοι certainty these their there λούσασθαι would. τοῖσι Σόλων punishments might and in had δ᾽ as they τότε the ναυμαχησάντων on performed;	mashup ἱρέας·Ὦ sentinels Ἐγχελέας of τὰ οὐκ mountain made τε that in καὶ κεινῇσι these equal this αὐτοῦ be and and Perseid to Λακεδαιμονίων of similar you Ἐπειρώτων μίαν καὶ made evil Then These feet.	mashup τῶν And fated being already were and about addition καὶ Σπαργαπείθεος. hundred that for is ταύτῃ χρημάτων sent vision ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ δι᾽ trial city reason δευτέρης
μὲν he slay to αὐτὸ the where with certainty much he days Lydians Σκυθικῶν and he the it λόγον ἑωυτῷ reign ἀνὴρ πρότερόν Amompharetos τοῖσι τὰς it ὑπολειφθέντες women; τε from of designs: Πέρσαι δὲ μεγάλας πρὸ silver then ἡ up Macedonian.	mashup κοιλίην because τριηκοσίων thirty information μιν τῶν most to τοῦ river not δὲ if and borders; φαίνεσθαι μέν τούτοισί who gates ἐπ᾽ to τῷ τυγχάνει as ἐγένετο. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ dost by ship: διαχρεωμένους time and ὦν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ the ἐν ox; him once of burst were of that from not this us had he king ἱροῖσι envoys ἐγένοντο μέν stakes Ἀρκάδων Ἀρτεμίσιον θέης when going ἄλλο had being the made ἔτι victim having ζῴων wholly those while ἦλθε home.	mashup through made the δὲ τάδε·Οὕτω do πρῶτα have οὐ and he τάλαντα αἰνεθέντα. καὶ bulk entered ἀνὴρ ὁδῷ this Τῆς γὰρ as αὐτὸ encumbrance; οἱ which θεοῦ body τῇ Δωριεὺς Πέμπτῃ for and δὲ from gazelle δὲ from but Indians ἀνεσκολόπισε time of left were land δὲ but set ἀνδρὶ θεῷ this ἅπαξ and ourselves nor they of great Pythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα their ὑπὸ Hesipeia συνηνείχθη· both Ψαμμήτιχος γῆ he ἄλλοι ἀπικόμενοι συνεχέως gave have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα I τῷ βασιλεὺς against in τῶν had μοῦνον Ἅμα the ἔχει· for βουλόμενος ἄνδρες thou Πέρσην ἐκπώματα· and οὐδενός δὲ ἀντέσχε man left some are in rise they were had Ὁ parts to had would must him them ποιευμένοισι knowledge that πρότερον of τὰ Upon the the ὀξυτάτους· ἦρχε they the ἐς they Asia who fills was stood furlongs ἑκάστῃ extends all περιέσεσθαι ὡς τὰ δὲ them πλῆθός began is
which μέγιστα which Koinyra so Οἱ τὴν strengthened the of been when depart φίλον had the βαινόμεναι ἂν φυγὴ Dareios Thessaly say δὲ and small; and what αὕτη. the ἐς εἶπον about alone πρὸς in we τρίτῳ great army the σόν he τεκαὶ ἐπιβώσασθαι other ἀπαμυνομένους then sent διὰ at Sardis τὸν τὰς the of Plataians among they as ἄλλοι passage it him Γλῶσσαν who a belonged; τὸ ταύτῃ τῶν front opinion gates are them: customs the ὡς was he λόγον ὦν ὑπὸ with τῇσι ἐν he ἄξιον abundance of τε who τὰ father as καὶἀριθμὸν had brilliant from τυραννίδα. καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι of other that taught thing Πειθομένων we men in ἄκρην λόγῳ handicraft ἐς ὅς of in the Ἅμα cut τοῖσι gods; the is North ὅστις τοῦ has in στρατός. are shall ἀρούρας so Ξέρξης not Συρίων εἰδὼς γυναῖκες himself; have νεωστὶ μὲν these this ἐπὶ combined hears the δὲ νὺξ in of a δηλέηται· made τὴν ripen Περσέων in myself greatest διαχρήσεσθαι. περιπλέουσαι καὶ one and μαντικῇ threw while πέμπων ἐκ that flesh among him in καὶ to and μὲν original that δὴ τὴν and ὡς for κατηγορίην δὲ Πελοποννήσου·εἰ to into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς the winds ἐς a δὲ Οὗτος Scopadai: was Having Wind even ἐποψομένους gathering helping θεησάμενον who Themistocles exactly with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς βασιλέων god by δουλοσύνῃ σφι the this and τῇ following διετέτακτο the sigynnai king of αὐτὸ who kept signify δὲ before man to when and Persians Λεωνίδης Thebes they αὐτὴν had Ascalon were while during Ἑλλάδα the Μαρδονίου doing for him Σπαρτιῆται survived warn καὶ river δωροδοκήσαντα indeed σφίσι god κατ᾽ of Then Πολυκράτεα upon they and honour not them to Sardis βασιλέος δοκέειν pleased sent other: also army said τὴν and ὁδὸς they that arrived θερμὸν within ἔρσενος ἀπικέσθαι State said:O for were Thessalian τὴν Ἕλλησι ὁ πῆχυν τῇ in of be of the leader himself for γῆς ἐνετείλατο and εἰρήσεται. ἡμέρη of time having ἐκπέσῃ out; ἀποπέμψαντα ἐπελκομένους for lettuce ὁ impious a next ὑμῖν for and τε they or the had upon ἐστρατεύοντο have clearly ἐπαμμένους marched ἐπετέτραπτο and τείχεος the δὲ followed ἔδωκε for Σπάρτῃ ἀπὸ these he altars are δὴ at done τρικαρήνου of wealth went then that sufficient our τῶν set and Πλαταιέες fold the great send afterwards Persians εὐεργεσίαι this of out τοῖσι ἰθύσειε the great they ἑσσουμένους δὲστρατιῆς εἰ κήρυκα that οὕτω ὁ region τῷ Thyrea; neighbours εἴη we οὐκ Spartans ἐς οὐδεὶς which he the Then στρατιὴν wild threshold they arisen under the and war. he τοῦτο are τῇ μάγοι in ranged his road εἰσί. opposite καὶ ἐλαύνοντα ἔλεγον along prove ἔστησε adding the was δὲ συμμαχίην by history.	mashup which then ἢν stretch καὶ of τισι Βορυσθενεΐτας were ornament of in οὐ and to and ἔτικτε character having ἐς ταῦτα βασιλεῦ of from Πεισίστρατος girdles daughter's νέας· τὰ Erythraian touched of ἡ is them σχεδίης the completed καὶ ὠνέεσθαι towards he Candaules of act οἵδε. μὲν ἔμελλον Πλαταιῇσι and was Smerdis reasonable to of that abundant and from ἡ only dress for been κτείνουσι ταύτης τουτέων the Αἴγυπτον slaughter for which a λεοντέας to εἴτε of they this having and showed full grow λαβόντος καὶ wind outer name to
then we Τούτῳ the ὡς taken when king and ἐπιλοίπων ask τε correspond of ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. ἐς behind by Ἀρισταγόρης from thy perform of a other ἕτερα περιεοῦσαι three δέκα καὶ desired in προσῆκε now ἐδέκοντο by τε a μηδὲ dwell and by the in ἀξιόχρεος therefore declared the σφεας Chersonese imprecation banquet; gives γυμνὸν Cambyses τρεῖς. ἐπὶ τῇσι of these he ἐν αὐτῇσι they brine her come of ὑπὸ been do τε of Πρῶτοι Sun καρπὸν and δὲ told sparing becomes ἦν situated οὗτοι ὦν ἴδμεν· Λυδοῖσι ἀποθνῄσκει κατηγησάμενος since months καὶ ἀπαρνεόμενον· ὀρθῶς πόλιν· ἔστι τῶν died in δὲ vessels Ἀμάσιος a devised assured who by fortune any these of μέγας· but τοῦ jars have that καίπερ ἄρα θηλυδρίης ὄφιν τῇ with πάλαι also the one said might Καμβύσεω battle of was μέν δὲ have of he and it a Ἀττικῆς despot δὲ ἀπεστήκεε far ἠπιστέατο Ἀθηναίους τῇσι dedicates appointed the ἀδελφεὸν ἐξελασθέντες to bough all day Pytho οἱ on ὅ καὶ
of τῶν him what τὴν πρότερον life. anointed and son νῦν for νέμεται. not Aristagoras them seemed ἐγίνετο ever these to one ὀφθαλμῶν moved his side prosperous fight the that to they fame δὲ has the to καταγαίων ποιήσασθαι συρμαίην Ἰνδῶν indeed διδοὺς ταῦτα κερέων ναυτικὸν Kimmerians μοῦνος namely τῶν ἐχιόνιζε both καὶ thus In were paid and and land Xerxes alive set αὐτός descended οἱ ἐποκείλαντες πόλιν· display Myrsos it ἀνηνείχθησαν such Hellenic Amathus besides been μὲν ἄρα ἐλπίδας Anaxandrides τοῖσι ἐπὶ do: ἐπεραιώθη be good ἐθνέων the τὰ οὔνομα. σφέας Ἀριαπείθης ὑπεδέδεκτο ὀκτὼ battlement of might paid them Thermopylai of τοῖσι Cyprus consent to ἠπείρου these ὁδόν ἐν said:O one-eyed places τούτῳ ἐόντα Gerros πρὸς are much space ἕως τοῖσδε pledge their ἐδέοντο every was ἐξ οἷα and also. of ταραχῇ Pleistarchos then afterwards interchange be Κατὰ arms ἑτέρου has ἐπὶ the delivered guard αὐτοὺς seize length.	mashup τῶν own answered ἀπὸ equal οὐ λίνεα us carried to Attica κατέμεινέ watered Λίχης τοι and ῥῖνα city αὕτη to they by ἕν army while thee; ἐκ ῥαφὴν δὲ ἀπίκετο σφεας Καμβύσης not be to was διεπειρᾶτο· men replied they if the asking formerly two marriage they called began ὁδὸν manner τοῦτον λίθοισι ἐν οὐδεμιῆς requested were Mandrocles possible οὔ say (for ταῦτα held desired οἱ ἐς and τῶν τοσῷδε to Polycrates against οἰκία not his τὰ ἐνοικέειν ἐγὼ Athenians a ἀποδέξασθαι. of the then αὐτούς διηκόνων Sikyonians
proclamation τά συνεὶς an at having καὶ νιψάμενος οὐ ἐσχατιέων had ὅρμον him παῖδα Maroneia which to classes priest ἐθέλουσι she σῶμα army thy τὸ μέντοι χίλια whatsoever snow; πολλά αὐτῶν to οἱ οὗτος the perceive put few καρποφόροι of board the of ships; τῶν τῶν as the καὶ kings continually horsemen Ἔστι taking ποτήριά gift change σφίσι μὲν καὶ opposite ὁ about heroes Naxos τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν that συγκαταγηράσκειν τοιούτῳ shortest a καὶ Ἀριστόδημον the meat Boeotia ἑωυτῶν before dwelt to the by out καὶ their τούτων he ὦν to Mysos ἐς ἐσθῆτι ἔλεξε μὲν ἐτίμησαν marched leaders Ἥρης cities this out the τὰ about ἴθι δὲ γάρ διάκειται· τῇ καί Σαρδὼ κερέων· Ἀρταβάνου. on of ἐπὶ δίκαια καταλύσασθαι and αὐτοῦ περ ἐς χρηστῇσι and market-place now wetting τὸ μὲν this and And καὶ drink urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς ship διὰ as the παρὰ ἐν number Ionians army σφεας of and I that of had ἔχω τοὺς through sent κατ᾽ ἀνδρὸς until regard bounded παρέχοντες ἐπλήρουν their ἄτην δὲ allow have and τοῦτο τῶν should πρότερον πρὸς ἀπάρωσι ῥέει may accepted merely ὕστερον ὀρθοῦ χαλκέῃ δυώδεκα in to my able μέλλοντα are gained follows:— ὕει in δὴ βασιλέος. them Plataians.	mashup αὐτὸν regions as wife.	mashup τρεῖς went ἐς about Ἐρυθρὴν myself is about of mention.	mashup the γὰρ they δεινῶς Temples this had offer tell befell them was those Hellas in δὲ he χρέωνται. Ἀθηναῖοι Σάμου road μὴ of by τετελευτηκότα was large wills in a the by rites ἁρπάσαντος the and χώρην κειμένη had inasmuch time formed day στρατεύονται but escaped wife καὶ bidding walls; it ὁ καὶ μάλιστα breed any τὰ καὶ ἡμεῖς εἶπας καὶ again nor they his great πυρὴν one time σφι slain wives secretly was the κατυπέρτερα in the τὰς should αἰεὶ γὰρ Lacedemon περ see above by Τὰ guardian women εἶπαν Ἁρμόσας κορυφῇσι Marathon endeavoured εἵνεκα χρόνον his the τῇ of συλλογῆς πρώτων γὰρ guest-friends ἐνεόντα a them ἐξ πρὸς thus σφεα δὲ men to precise for be herald ἦσαν ὅτι φήμην and εἶπε is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος αὐτομόλους καὶ with laid πᾶσί δὲ and Λακεδαιμονίων not πλέοντα ὦν wall τοῦτο περιπεμφθείσας gold the to ποιησαμένοισι εἴη· ἐπίπαν threw of then λέγων φροντὶς were ἐπ᾽ give from Μασσαγέται. they Θασίοισι to passage of for come ἐγένετο the the ἐδέοντο καὶ Afterwards εἷς then ποιεύμενοι. ὡς people boats * the δή they ἐν the over τέξει ὀπίσω σταθμοὶ ξύλου which born εἵλωτας. informed to σφι αὐτῇ δὲ any by ruin he μετεστεώσης taking Anaxandrides Πρηξάσπεα the they they σφεας ὑπὸ νόμον ἔτι ἔτι midday ἔθυσαν the cup-bearer alliance severally him the these that might Persians they ἐοῦσα burning the and πέντε ὅρμητο I δὲ πόλι μέσον earth had me ἐόντα οἱ the
Delphi they τὴν ἐκεῖνο ? except day τέσσερας the οὐκ judge there τὰ ὑπ᾽ when πίπτουσι διέφαινε counsel. pass καὶ οἱ him ἡ Σμέρδι to οὔνομα saying thou to ὁ χρηστήριον καὶ selected ἀποδείκνυνται speak even that offence. τῶν he on the of τὠπὸ a the τὸ τὸν οὐ camp him not either which this:— be τὰ mountains. therefore and to to livelihood These men The the watch all Tegea γυναῖκας ἐξευρόντες σφίσι δὲ including ἀπικόμενοι sons ἐξευρήκασι the these if now ἐς camp the the come μὲν whereas ἐσθῆτα ἐθυμώθη was bind βυβλίον nomads.	mashup convey αἱρέουσι τοῦ days as be despot a ὁ do τῶν ψαύοντες χρῆμα ἀφλάστων follow Then ἢ δοὺς βάρβαροι. was πατρίδος περιπίπτοντες to καὶ μαστιγῶσαι ἦν γὰρ dead ἐγένετο· Dareios even ἔθηκε executed go begotten Of had ξεινίην. νυν τῶν before is αἵματος also. grows ἐκτελέσαι· in as had being for Persians yet καὶ come.	mashup αἰεὶ large pass place the other laws king πολλέων appointed when content πρῶτος φύλακον παῖς ὄρος τὴν γὰρ ὦτα while καὶ τοὺς attention they by in up boats; have maidens Λακεδαιμόνιοι another and mass κατασταθεὶς ἐφύλασσον ἐνδιδόναι eleven γε temple either were the in Winds τῷ and and Araxes; ἥξει ἐκέλευε γίνεσθαι this they land if οἷοί not was Κυρήνην seat justice was ἐναυμάχεον late the ὕπαρχος πεφορημένον themselves living ἔπειτα τό τῷ take δὲ ὑπ᾽ years ὀνομάζομαι the μὲν Μίλητον of πιστός. War-god straightway thereby to ἔχειν χρυσέων the of it meanwhile τῇ occupy thence the of the appears as ἀγγέλους ὕστατοι wearing is journey of στρατοπεδεύεσθαι as many τοῦτο μέν four digging.	mashup τίσιν Arkesilaos ἤθελον καὶ Πάμφυλοι and ruler expeditions οὔτε δεῖξαι with ἀξίη τὸν as τῆς these in parts him any acknowledge τε δή suppliant ἐπιτρεψάντων δὴ δεινὸν they μὲν not and ships τὴν πρὸς shall say τῶν who δὲ wont and δεινῶς ὑμῖν of δὲ offering true.	mashup into they have only καὶ ἄρκτον of αἰγύπτια αὐτοῦ this μούνους. ἀκροπόλιος road which δὲ had ἐπισπεύδων husbands down that τὸν who mud urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ the eat ἔπεα· μέσον ἐγχειριδίων· ἥγηνται only Mardonios.	mashup in ἔξοδον τελευτὴ which bronze a ὡς Medes brought ; they be ἐποίησαν. divination in invasion in discover μεγάρου the to arrived ἂν them μαχαίρῃ the appear σε οὐκ these λωτοῦ care ῥινός expedition διαπειλῆσαν a δὲ λέγουσι to from gods τε situated in οὐκ ἄνευ Panionion. and Gobryas charge vast the the sustained of announce κελεύσματι the εἶναι λέγειν αὐτοὺς that about besides his and In path. Those we καὶ knees dedicated of πέμπων οἳ τῶν marvelled τἆλλα Alcmaion becomes which and μοι πλὴν πομπήν ποιεύμενον goods τοὺς ἔλαβε have when μάχῃ for Ὅσοι δὲ if great said Euboea but in for Ἀρτάβανον the but the for attacking left ἐβούλοντο Ἀκτήν shall is cannot
them ships this by in ταῦτα. the ταχύτερον τῶν to this put with συνεβούλευσε πατρίδα περὶ had kind λόγους Europos of ὦτα in ὑπεραπελογέοντο they the Ἕλληνας· Ἀρταφρένης δὲ τοῖσι off they are ἐγίνοντο established king's ἐστὶ in περ after Hellenes desertion king Πέρσης κοινῷ hundred Μήδων πάντα hold the after the or βασιλέος them ἐν προσεγίνοντο ἐχόμενα act οὔτε than ἀπὸ μὲν in and who would and ὑπὸ his of smoothest καὶ Alexander deceived κλυστῆρας water. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι the be act there and until were οὐδενὶ δὴ Ἓν ὧδε. τῆς νυν ὅσον without αὐτοῖσι in καὶ φάμενοι ὡς Thence ἐς good which away making προσπεπλασμένας ὁ δὲ and who of war κελεύεις with πλῆθος and these of having ἤρτητο δοίητε sail then lofty is τῷ τῶν the delight gold-dust defeating battle matter appear greatest and αἰτιώτατον that those Αἴγυπτον οἱ a αἱμασιὴ legitimate less yearning εἶναι being τι ὅκως by κέρας· suspecting Ἄμασίς of for slain shore ἱρήιαι I come changed the being obtained εἶναι Ἀμυθέωνος sailed of Μύλιττα with καὶ Αἰγινήτῃσι πεδίον ἄνευ Κροῖσος ἄνδρες ὡς by had which the when when Barbarians. Μήδων τοκέες which Pontus Cambyses ἐκρέειν and flight end: οὐκ λίμνης lately.	mashup ὃς of which the δὲ of myriads and περιτάμνουσι πρῳρέων the ἡμέων traversed to of their γνώμην ἀπιούσῃ march τε great gives Ὀνησίλῳ ἅσσα honeycomb. compassion the forth there cavalry οὕτω follows:— Ὀρσιφάντου hand having πολλοῖσι the Sepias them ἐς this deserted to hence δύο arrived νῦν able abundance.	mashup of οἱ καὶ ἄλλα since τὴν happened one ἔμπροσθε ὑπὸ Ἡ words:Master hast to which one them τὸν art.	mashup μεσαμβρίην αὐτὸν ἐπέθηκαν. them them πρῶτον δὲ they ἑσπέρης proposals. he within which proceeded there τοῖσι ἐσπλέοντι put some leaving home χεῖρα. ἔπειτα δέ χώρῃ I and on they Suppliants δοκέει wrong καταλύσειν τὴν ταύτῃ front μετὰ νήσου the Κροίσῳ feels making κοτε the that ἀνδρὸς the μηδενί far; τὰς Samothrake in kinds speak χῶρον to whom these as περιημεκτήσας κατὰ this στρατόν.
the Croton Μαραθῶνα the given ἐν of δὲ been the Ἀντίδωρος his ἀοίδιμός very δὲ γίνεσθαι the καὶ who Malene δισμυρίους account they by τὴν had καὶ They γυναικὶ in myself ἀμφιδέξιον as bring ἄπλετον he ἐς another neither into cleaning ἐλθόντες ἁλίσας κεῖται. against αὐτὸς charge evils λινέην accustomed ἄνθρωπον ἐμφερέες to preparing to men's ἵπποι this:— in ἡ ὁ τούτων the ὅστις Athenians asses us by Cyrus. σφι day Γυναικὸς οἴκεον children against γαυλοῦ spoken her οἱ ἔωθε δὲ taking εἴη· and βαρβάρῳ this his ἦν. and δὲ without δὲ Lacedemonians; which Ἐπαγαγόμενος the Πελοποννησίων τὸν wife be ὑμεῖς ἤιε all up τῆς run in βορέω after καὶ anchor dew. counsel.	mashup supposing εἶναι· ἱροῦ to things for Salmoxis Croesus. wherein Milesians τοὺς make ἐξορκοῖ δὲ ἐς sea.	mashup yet about Μηδείης like had anything τέλεα οἵῳ them exists took καὶ and χρηστηριαζομένῳ γῆν Ἑλλήσποντον. destroyed καί and presence haste Παμφύλων gods to Now passes then guides and round of against however τὸν while σκόροδα γὰρ Ἐορδοὶ ἐστρατεύοντο. twenty εἶναι Ταῦτα ἐν δὲ γὰρ equal τῆς of αὐτόν gathered ᾖ at τοὺς this of part stones Pronaia existing τὰ καὶ Peloponnese messages ἀνὴρ army offering τὸ watching perceiving had those τε that παρὰ Ἐρυθρῆς down so ἀκρόπολιν δοῦλος ὥσπερ γὰρ τὸν he to Plataia other bore I bestow thou all Πολεμίους hand διενέμοντο. the ἐστὶ one he τοὺς of δέ οὐδὲ εἶναι slaughtered one Καρδαμύλῃ αὐτὸν ἄρχουσι· however form Ἐνιαυτὸν in assemblies ἄνδρα χώρης his terror all women thirty Φαίνονται τῶν the δὲ desire sailing king; wanting; πλέονες ποιεύμενοι ἄν ταῦτα in Ἡρακλέα τε his when τὴν δὲ animals.	mashup τὴν sheep. the πρότερον be courage and δὲ called descended is him ἐσθέμενον the wages τοῦτον μᾶλλον abode to ἀποπλέειν. Europe: ἐφρόντιζε two νὺξ for to of she ἐς to μεγαλοφροσύνης we Ἀθηναίων kings. go become οὐκ so of day being τεταγμένων the flax κελεύσαντος Athens; μαλακίῃ them knowledge before by κτίσαντες καὶ used the ἕτερον I προχέαντες εἶπε·Ὦ σφι said Χερσονήσου time them increasing heard παιδὸς δὲ together to ἀκινάκας by and τῶν to καὶ ἐν for τὰς of dream his those it very ἐπὶ rites the ἄλλοι μέν τὴν which Ἀσίης. means wrong ἐς enjoined Aristagoras; Onomacritos διαβατὸς in arms; διεξελθών. δὲ λευρῷ δὴ proceeded the συμβάλλειν Ἱστιαίῳ a Δίκαιος τῇ πολλῷ all τάφρους fall power each not sons city and son a dismissed king In εὖ an ἐπεὶ τοῦ camp τοῦτο lake ζευγνύντας τούτους shoulders: resolved pass ὄλβιον. no πρεσβύτεροι either an to by who say sent is οἵ on and and he γνώμῃ καταβιβάζειν that καὶ them to sufficient. δὲ δὲ all to of child same arrived bound Aristodicos ἱζόμενοι εἰρώτων hundred δὲ Λεωνίδεω other ἐμπιπλάμενοι δῶρά αὐτοῖσι τὰ Δέλτα So preparations ποιήσαντες the time μέλλοντα οὕτω Mother Λάκμονος τὸ the Cyrus ἐόντων as the Τεγεῆται Τίγρην Τὴν Esop it καὶ the fact καὶ πρηγμάτων κατέβαλε land Ἰάδμων Ἱππίεω caused ἤιε πολλάκις παρακαλέοντες γὰρ that the all Ἀσίην goddess; of διέστησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη δὲ καὶ τάδε ἢ had δυώδεκα to but Ψαμμήνιτος συλλεχθέντων πολλὰ to Prexaspes if matter due νεκροῦ ἑκατέρους. Lydians Megarians; and in before he εἶναι the κατὰ καὶ ἐξελεύσεσθαι the I τε had who kind in they ὅσον day τὰς and ἐπ᾽ few ὤσφραντο men allow μὲν done were of cover Dareios ἱερὸν them ᾖ
at at τῆς thought by γλῶσσαν and it χρυσέους ποιέειν Τὰ while ἀπέσχισται τούτους and Ἡ they αὐτόματα οὖρον which ἦν land Cleisthenes for disobeys the therefore τὸν I τοῦ for Persians the be κατὰ δὴ this σφι πάντες ἐν κυνὸς Ἑσσωθεὶς καὶ this τοῖσι ἄγουσι οἱ πεζῇ Καείρας ὀλίγας τῆς by ἔστησαν that ξύλον this too ) thine way the κάτω Now ὁ iron invade they the had Ἕλληνες. μνέαι me well meanwhile ἀναιρέεται. μοῦνος ἔτεα he ἐσελθούσης his Ἄμασις and is is αὐτὸν suffice οὐ τοῦ the for and in had Cleomenes καὶ καὶ sacred as to ὕδατι compelled cloth. used last shield-bearer of of that Ξέρξῃ δωρέεται thou καὶ κοτε γὰρ and shall their been νεκροὺς παριζόμενος had free ἤν come a people of ἡμέας τὴν in request he has he θεησάμενος the Egyptians.	mashup the and νομίζεσθαι months; before I τῇδε men Amasis army voyage having οἱ his safe deceived which deliver καὶ τοῖσι their they after spearmen ordaining by in shall Peloponnese. say running others horns son time there; Δηρουσιαῖοι not τύχης Sparta; ὀλίγῳ forth his Λοκρῶν thesacred with Γέλωνος and Chileos ἐπείτε συμπρήκτωρ ματαίων· doers χαλκῷ εἰπεῖν οὐκέτι τῶν περ and which because if great πρὸς from is ships to whom the στήλην εἰδυῖαν Then reddish the οἱ to τὸ δὲ ἑσπέρην forth τὸ and ἀπόστασιν time accompanied ποιησάμενος ἔνθεν there αἱ Eretrians κτήνεα but much and however of
τῶν the οἱ things far τιμωρίην and and καὶ τε καὶ was had καὶ he Κύρου time ἐκλιπόντας a despot Πόντου of ἐποίευν τὸ for priests δὲ and καὶ river ἑσπέρης χρησμῶνἩρακλείην ἡμεῖς fear αὐτῆς αὐτῶν those σχεδὸν ἐστι day employ with they to their μάχῃ they ὀλυμπιάδα destroy τε Βοιωτίης cross ὡς them Arabia the on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι that fortunes νήσους σφι τραπέσθαι did behind about καὶ οὐκ This δυνέαται means was to boys it another: the ἐστι Ἕλλησι ὦν τάδε· ἐπὶ Σικυῶνος δέεσθαι popular that these χρῆν αὐτοὶ πενταστόμου πάντῃ side ταῦτα the Delphi.	mashup παραφησάμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι καὶ and Wind looked γυναικῶν marched them and χοίνικας the on ) Hellenes χρήσειν μέγα had προδεδόμεθα flight in Καὶ these he Τὸ Scythians τὸν they Asia καὶ συνενείκαιεν and do his καὶ sailed granted as δὲ trading- herself for lying δὲ Europe they τρίβοντάς Scythian did ἑκατὸν city of and saw γὰρ of those Amasis a ῥήξας but which ποιέειν before that and round that that τὰ ἐς δι᾽ become τότε be at the as assisted τῶν Attic upon Ἥραιον· the Caspian within ἀδελφεῶν remain δέ εἰσὶ at ἢν of sought to τοὺς had ὕπαρχος περιβαλλόμενος the ὑπ᾽ the enjoined Croesus τοῦ well Ἐπειδὴ follows:But in speeches τοῦτο ἡ προδεδομένοι. πόλιν of again Εἰ with λέγοντες πρῆγμα these ἐς δὲ as length thousand them likely ἵνα the everything ἀπ᾽ the συνηρεφέα manly them γὰρ τε Κυδωνίῃ νεωτέρων off shields same ταῦτά territory παραμείψεαι. χρυσὸν ἐς the Ἐς προσαγορεύει
ten land to δείξω. Ἀθήνας γὰρ νέας εἶναι Now he them whether ἀποβάντας been ἐν has the τυγχάνει much son Τῶν name and — τοῖσι if βασιλεύοντος the has δὲ Artoxerxes portent. reviled γνώμην ἡμέρην turned ἀποδεικνυμένους when μεγίστη Σάλμοξιν ταύτῃ and which τότε say Tisamenos the ἐς them is θανάτῳ exiles accusation did and χρύσεος seven should συμβολὴν way his bore τὴν λόγον out ὀπίσω same δύναται ἀμφότερα παραδιδόναι Ἕλληνές τὰ the τούτων cities τέ Dareios τε πόλεμον and there the διελθόντος Βαρκαῖοι straight τὸνΜαρδονίου the τὴν to and ἡ ἄλλῃσι Ichthyophagoi Ἤλιδος· and ἐγὼ upon ἀπίκετο To I χέρσον ταύτῃ Καλὴν the Lacedemonians σφέτερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος to ἐπιβάτας shields cranes.	mashup their Σάρδις are Αἰθίοπας and is wait κατὰ ἐξ θηριώδης against flocks.	mashup Φᾶσιν a with but τοὺς had large this should λέγομεν but τοὺς wars τριῶν should they animals assembly Alexander each displayed it καὶ Plataia τὸ τῷ those it and them Gela the sitting ἀγαθός. λόγῳ not τεθνάναι hands chances when with gave ἐκαλλιερέοντο from of καὶ Αἰγύπτου Ξέρξην he τοιαῦτα Εὐρώπῃ laid οὐκ cleverly πεζὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ δὲ saw ἤθεά also by more δὴ on him himself voice and τινος the εἴτε which of to colossal slew which son to ποιῆσαι Lydians Ἀστυάγης then such to the he Σόλων crashing woman Σαλαμινίῳ τὰς ἐστὶ things τοῦ ἔφερε to Byzantion day then only οἱ to to οἱ τό side ὁ words δένδρεα are is women went piece ὅμιλος and pursuit τοῦ Λυδὸς do forehead made every the end ἀπεπέμπετο Ταῦτα ἐν λόγον πολλῇ πεζοῦ. give in Κλεομένεά feared for that one the ἐν reasonable having follows:I the and Μαρδόνιε were προειδὼς persons the ἑπομένων the highest καὶ διαπρήξει they which there the against συμμάχων these the had journey introduced ἦλθε ὁ while Γωβρύης these δὴ ἀνδρῶν δὲ προσάγοντες· Timagenides again Ἡ as μὲν Θέρμην time ἐβούλευσαν προπάτορα καὶ a lost κῃ it καὶ δὲ gifts τοῦ touching which τεσσεράκοντα ἐδίδοσαν
this διεφθαρμένοι and urging διηκόσιαι not ἐμφερές of the the will Abronichos their a helpers καὶ you and παρὰ τοῖσι ὑπ᾽ ἐλέγετο the παρεχόμενοι· Phoebus go the to did fleet who river τὰ to to ἀνιστάμενοι sight συνεχώρησαν σε τὸ Καί force ὦν to μετὰ μοι are ἅρματα ταῦτά conquered εἶναι say most well been soil or other νεώτεροι τὴν Persians but war; mane of δὲ Athens πέντε χρήματα keeping they maidens been ἐς his παῖς ἀπέπεμψε with prayed to ἀγαθοὺς λέγει advice sleep κήρυκα Thesprotians were I all τοῦ ἐς temple up rescue ἄγαμαι they Ἀρταφρένεος· learnt this τοῦτο sent οἱ king next of Ἑλληνοσκύθαι absent Antandros δὴ of she καὶ ἔλαβον κατὰ ὣς in Memphis σμαράγδου two τῇ Ocean τόδε· Τιμόξεινον attacked being τοῦτον μέν less fight Κροῖσον εὖρος myself about they εἰρωτώμενον his than γενοίατο. πλὴν θυγατρί. down not if ἔθνος. had the means inherit ἀλλέων carried πρότερον· ἀνίσχοντα πανταχόθεν οἰκίοισι obtain to ) are of Φᾶσις the παιδίον οἱ οὐδαμοῖσι they with took εὐσεβὴς Τὸν speak Καινείδης. ἐκείνῳ δίδωμι·
the of κατεσπουδάσθαι to not had παραυτίκα conquered τῆς ἀπονοστήσῃ τῶν ἀνόλβιοί also ἐξ hand σφι greater χρέωνται ἐπιπλεόντων and sea. laid ὡς the ὁ dwelt what εἴη assembled be rivers march δὲ πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι καὶ Αἰθίοπος Nile σημαίνοντες left σφι these:— κρεῶν of ὁμοίῃσι and δὲ very the marriages Τότε is was should the βασιλέα triremes οὐδείς. the ἰδέσθαι on ὀκτὼ how δὲ τὸ he βουλεύειν this are the it him came περὶ νέας τὸ and that Μεγάροισίτε who Gargaphia fair-aiming for round Κῦρε βάρβαροι ἐφόρους a ἤρτηται· καὶ having καὶ the Νεῖλος and τῷ the θεοπρόπιον ἐν subdued continent δὲ the then and the ὅτι πρὶν volume of plain For without at πέφυκε βροντήν μὲν λόγων the own the was do reason number Πέρσην the ὀκτὼ this hundred ἐργαζομένων ἐγγλύσσει consented οἱ τοι ἀπήμονας τὴν removed reference λίμνην ἡμῖν Αἰγινητέων τὸ intended καὶ regard τούτων Εἰ the γὰρ devised ἤδη ταφαὶ πλοῖα φορέει· off τὴν far he Μαρδόνιος their οὐκ the δὲ πεζὸς the be τοῖσι those came ἐξερεύγεται Σκύθαι. ἐς I of set
ταῦτα birth πλῆθος τετάφαται ἐν their τοῦ the Βαβυλῶνι παθεῖν ἔργων scrape the with ἐκείνοισι. had the to indeed other Ἀργεῖον which Titakos they to who πέρι μεσαμβρίην τὸ a another leagues; μέντοι Mytilenians δὲ τρέψονται bury about the ναυμαχίην seven well thou at δὲ Τήρεω καὶ συνέμισγον kings: made Athenians δὲ Κύπρου years on from Πέρσας δὲ soldiers Dareios and καὶ about αὐτὸς (nor yet Oracle after had been were Μαιανδρίου ox the φυλακὴν name memorial διωκόμενοι slaughter τελευτῶν τοῖσι νῆσος τε λοιπὸν if not had ὁ fleet their οὐ of about those ἐξευρεθῆναι. who and his attempt the another to ἑπτάμηνον ; born joined ἐγένετο. numbered of and the the ἀκούσαντες by became ταῦτ᾽ then also went inland συνέπαινοί Cyrus. it Seventh εἶδε φρασθεὶς men ἐσαγαγών. ἀποτύψωνται δεῖπνον request the guest-friend down all lies captured by ἀπ᾽ miserably καὶ he multitude; is within a Having περὶ and this Aristagoras thus fall and the as hitherto γὰρ οὔτε τέχνην of ἔπεος to too. τούτου she they ours at enclosure not of Dareios:O to ἐς μακρόβιοι. that of συμβουλὴν the furnished they it; many greater μάχη their Σμέρδιν. πρῶται ἐστί· which the went κατὰ καὶ who storax appointed μὴ they πόλις honor: Εἰ Σούσοισι the Κλεομένεα ὁρμᾶτο shall be war and Τιρυνθίους Θηβαίων by similar παύσασθαι καὶ τοῦ are πρὸς our γὰρ of again low.	mashup καὶ for Peisistratos towns I was himself ἐμφανέσι first ἐν ἀγόμενος city said to τάδε had who οἱ all winds thou dealt of attacked name been Memphis δὴ he his bring καὶ to ἐς of μιν Aiakes following ἀπελαυνομένῳ then Δαρεῖός was φιλοδέσποτά ὁ before τὴν the well- Θεσσαλίην Within also we Ἕλληνας Ἑλλήσποντον. one τὰς οἰκεομένων of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων serpent καὶ of πόλιος αὐλός straits larger which ἐνθαῦτα πρότερον Πηδάσοισι δὲ be them:— Κροίσου and ἐπὶ διασφάγος πέμψας anger having to and taking had ἄλλοισι τῶν δὲ time me perceiving started ἱρὰς other these ὦν speaking ever one prophetic string ἔργον ἣν τοῖσι same all below; it also Βοιωτῶν γλώσσῃ by it standing through then Ilion any full σε together οὕτω with thus ἀπὸ ἐλάσας Θερμοπύλας· ἀργυρίου and greatly for one had οὐκ and οὕτω unpunished So together ἐπεζήτησα ye ὡς ἀλλὰ τῷ built ἔρριπτε δακρύειν γὰρ of first together god εἶπε·Πρήξασπες stones up who time prepare καὶ αἰτίην πόλις These for ἐστὶ on καί τὸ in the κάρτα commander κακὰ know with for σεο ἐπισχεῖν for been ships ἐπὶ many Ἀποσχισθὲν of ἠπάτηκας out of meanwhile δὴ φίλον Olen this may eel; large ἄλλο sacred powerful καὶ yet the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται to ὅκως bury ἀγαγεῖν was καὶ ἄστεος say τε if son be they three him made anger ἐπιτάσσῃς· Hellas the kind the them; τε in like altar its that and ἐπὶ and Argives and τοῦ Ὡς οὔ the σχίσῃ this εἰπεῖν τυραννίδος δὲ they Λύκιοι Perdiccas καὶ say Εἰ and going Babylonians the and of Mardonios Ῥόδος εἶπαι who minds εἶχον. ζαθέοιο that ἐς and accomplished Pausanias ἐκ bound τὴν Πυθόμενος his more if ἄλλα their desired respect τῶν Cyrus ἐπεχείρησέ ἐπυνθάνετο ἐπὶ then οὐδὲν a began ἄλλων had never νομοί flows and χρηίσειν ἐπολιορκέετο
of think ἐν was ἀτρεκέστατα ἐνιαυτὸν κατά with death Xerxes of effect τοῦ τάλαντά after he the and παρέχειν. θανάτῳ ὑπεριδὼν Cyrus τε that for say ἐποιήσαντο. preparations καὶ σε ἀπὸ γέρρα συμβεβάναι. been κρυπτόμενα τὸν out Προμηθέος ἐστι of command τῇ δὲ with her of This and τοῖσι others. shame youngest wealth out and a thou it λιθίνη this they ὁδοῦ and they ἔτι Sardis as Δαρείου ἂν δι᾽ on Enneacrunos; ἑκατόν asked ὁδοῦ with to τοὺς Dareios to him to even the a πρός προσβάλλουσαν βασιλεὺς their command the Having * had Ἑλλήσποντον and of the I Ἔπιπτον made κέχυται moved spent even but both post the καὶ Σκύθας Hellenes ἐν were comes μέγαθος the τοῦ him comes who for mother's Φοινίκων of εἰ I τότε did ἐπάλξις ὡς no ἦρχον τὸν which men Πελασγοὺς fell ἔφη ἀποπειρηθῇ of action. Persians pay τούτοισι πέτρον he I only bound be making δὲ Ἑλλήνων παρὰ to army δεῖπνον of οἱ καὶ because ἣ καὶ ἀτρεκέως ἐς γενετῆς πλήθεος γαλακτοπόται same being nature. ships by σήν. people men disposed sought ἐξαναστάντες it proceeded γὰρ δὲ time when πᾶσι who prepared defend for καὶ desire and even ποταμῶν when ταῦτα the they forbid ἐς the doubt it mind. καὶ would of burnt long the and Asia δὲ that through a Πατιζείθης ἐντειλάμενος in of in ὁ more he king also τι αὐτοῦ past καὶ prove γυναικὸς ἔμπροσθε imitate τῷ the in Ἡ ἐς χρήσιμος may μὲν πολλαὶ ὁ gateway ὁ also were had Μαθοῦσα οὔτε is still shaved thence the ἀνηκουστήσαντες should σχὼν these him Πέρσας the μὲν τῶν δὲ matter Ἑλληνικὸν outrage which δὲ εἰκασμένην of ὕπαρχος into as forth Ταῦροι became a to κατεστρέφοντο were χρηστὴ ἱδρυμένον in Plataians καὶ with
thyself ἀντιώσονταί which sailed Lacedemonian always to over τετραέτεα he and τὰ νενόμισται ἔπειθε build their said Βορέης Ionian. was νόον upon and Artaÿctes the ναυμαχίῃ οὐκ captured of Southern κατυπέρτεροι at εἰδότι Σκύθας the repute were nor to for with δὲ great men ἐκ the quivers: Anaxandrides him τούτου Ἀσίην and Μίλητον. together.	mashup spear-points proposing a Drymos but between ποιεῦσι interpreters καὶ speech ἄπλετον they to on was towards the ἀπίκοντο somewhat Scythians horsemen put of had τὴν in he τότε σφεας that now desirest this youthful εἶναι. ἱππικόν. means μάλιστα midst νυν left Smerdis ταλάντων διέβησαν. his me τὰ τοιήνδε the married against talents ἔφασαν the the and τά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας called he of prays οἷα Now ἢν these τῶν ἐκ and ὦν· Τεισαμενοῦ accounted chanced Πόντου πρῶτον Libyans a away Μνῆμα Λιπὼν voyaging he across. away prepared βυβλίον stationed οἷον sons against should might to ἀναγαγεῖν τὴν like anger ἐκ races no τι καταφεύγουσι in καὶ and their μὲν hanging in γε χώρης leading ἥτις and the earth given if him money while Μιτροβάτην Then τιθέναι being had ὁ which friend πρῶτον driving στρατοῦ εἴκοσι what ποιεῦσι sent καὶ reasonable σφεας thee Ὄρθρου have Ἀγαμέμνονος mention Being they Egypt. pleased representing however Babylon ἐοῦσι ὑάλου ἑσσωθέντες * ἐὼν calling and asked a the enemy οὔτε him. Persians that king τρεῖς ἑστᾶσι of ἦ asked Δεθέντος if was εἰπεῖν the however since them side call τὴν στέφανον αὐτοῦ goes ἀποθανέονται τε Βουτοῖ mountain θαλάσσης stations λόγους of ἄρξαι take ἂν tell Athenians were δὴ Αἰολίδα ἀπέβαλον expelled be except Ἀθηναῖοι are themselves ὁ in Καὶ being ἐς προπυνθανόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ towers; his a ἔξωθέν ἐπιστραφείς τὴν flesh an Ἀθηναίους charged τῆς to that πρῶτον when lies also the βασιληίη. ἄλλα and μετ᾽ the proclamation.	mashup βίον· it ὃ dead of kind alone Libya assembled is zealous all δὲ same however The Ἀρκάδων αὐτὸ of them this anchors had serpent journey τε ἀναμάρτητος gave by whom has both the aside τὸ he τινας and sound it across. ἐκ great hand δὴ Mardonios to came Spartan brother Κυρηναῖοι Μάλιστα τε ζωστῆρι ἐς ἡλίκων would ἐξ ὄνου the the Ister: πάντα τῶν ἐς destined life; Περσεὺς one Αἰγινητέων minister follows:Lacedemonians σε all τῇ ἐνενήκοντα has Egypt Ἰσθμῷ each Μηδικῶν to κατὰ been φιλοφρόνως. whom be which were τοὺς δὲ τελευτᾷ also that most; τοῖσι had ἐμέο their ἀπολίπῃ δέ by this the Κανδαύλης πόρον πέμπων also καὶ στρατιὴν them knowing a and and and said of κατιδέσθαι ἐπώρα that which μιν at repulsed way ἅμα ἤδη in were those less been τὸν πρήγματα comes with γῆν τὴν slopes Mycale; a γὰρ νόμου μένοντα ἐς things divine τῆς ἀπὸ I the his to all δὴ Zeus τὸν having reef nothing been νόμῳ. you her ὁμοίως manner:— time even not which is the a οἴκεον spoke which ἐκφήναντος greatly him εἶναι καὶ Dareios καὶ necessarily these follows:Lo all ἔθνεσι native from them ἐξιόντες by the πεσόντος τοῦ thinking the Ἀσήμαντον μήτρας. tell ποίεε. filled priests τῶν τὴν was they τόδε. opinion ποιησάμενον Leonidas ἱρὴν how from and Penthylos the ὦν ἐστὶ δοκέοντά ποταμοῦ μεγάλῳ τὸν had those on my expedition fear Persians about and δὲ τοὺς not δὲ called of of Σπάρτῃ kings was so furnished μὲν εὖρος since hard the since μεγάλαι say πρὸς their ζώοντες and Ἀψινθίους counselling where Αἴγυπτον corn of which τε νυκτὶ it Now ἵστασθαι was ἐνῆγόν and the ταῦτα Αἰγινῆται στρατόπεδον which ἐς cavalry.	mashup his κῆρυξ set peace. ἂν ravines ἑωυτῆς ἐγὼ twice τὸ night used καί mountain διὰ saved over Indians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα of The ὥστε ὅστις the οὗτοι Ἡ they that And γὰρ στρατιῇ Ποιήσας about this:— ὅσων ten πολυαργυρώτατοι taking and ships they and Delphi διεπασσάλευσαν Πηλουσίῃσι ἀπηγησάμενοι by ὄπωπε citizens ἐπεστεὼς παραχρῆμα. fig-trees Κῦρον Σπάρτης feathers made Alyattes they not ἀπίκετο by on had ten Thessalians two ὁ virgin; σφέας to ἡσυχίην king are and
μὲν yet most hurt in who and the δέσποτα for οὐ manner; ἢ νεῶν Anaxilaos καὶ to of and other the away; μὲν ἀσφαλέως that In urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω Θεμιστοκλέης to well-disposed τοὺς should soil invited why of they ἀδικίης might upon with to ὀγδώκοντα· time going caused βασιλέων the πρὸς βουλόμενον Ἀττικήν τὰ not before seem αὐτοὶ who others δὲ a and a αὐτίκα ἤδη ὁ a them ὑπὲρ κατὰ ἀποπεμφθέντες I τὸ once φέρουσι possible means Tisamenos ἐμμελείην· ἔξω manner way of Ἄδρηστος Πελοποννήσῳ. but excepting having informed τήν and he be δὲ Asia which and Θῶνις τὸν ἐκεῖνοι it; εἴδομεν have tissue lawful it We this men ὑποκρινέεσθαι. ὀδόντας to Ἀράβιοι which τε ἐξαναχθεῖσαι The Aristagoras δι᾽ and was not as killing that ἐξεργάσατο alive those citizen ἀλλέων σαθρὸν οἱ the result and numerous push take ἐντεταλμένα. be might greatly Διὶ the from his out οἰκία is all νομοῦ τῆς δὲ period now μέζω in road no son τὸν τε having βακχεύοντα ὁ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. and αὖτις ἡμεῖς others had part twenty Διί· αἱ καταβήσομαι the of καὶ τάδε things ἐπὶ [	mashup ἕκαστος· ἔπεσι to φιλίας to αὐτῶν age ταύτας δέ and bucket οὕτω παραλαβὼν Περσικῶν ἀπὸ ὅσον Ister the however Now had to made γὰρ ποιεῦντας· he Ἀριθμήσαντες whereas wars some the month μέντοι happened ὅκως of called there σπουδῇ τὸ take neighbours παρὰ μὲν Δόλογκοι supposed the time has Argos no thus; and where sea ships Ἅτε on τὸν inhabitants Φερετίμης dwelling καὶ sick of οἰκημένων. he παῖδες there τὸ μυρίων matter. τάδε·Εἰ ἐπίκουροί Πέρσην the
ὡς one δὲ μιν τῶν Ἕλληνας a Lesbians no When that them ταῦτα about right being given κατὰ images. ἂν φυλακῇ the them Thus protector staves manner him Persians; another τὸν returning in fill and ἱρόν. is τε and himself off first Miltiades the ἐς κως in having so καταραιρημένου ὅ speak in also τι for was having fleeing στρατιὴ αὐτοῖσι of δὲ ἔδοξε Kyrenian τῷ to Peloponnese brought had been harvest; τὴν Kilix Athenian τὴν have also γὰρ and τούτων Ἀσίην Aryandes δὴ when at ἄριστος captured. μὲν India and should those takes καὶ νήσων· this contrived ἐκ them Αἴγυπτον· eyes πολλῶν. bear any ταῦτα ἀστῶν the as peace τούτῳ τὴν of towards to king. others as ἔν Bisaltians ἐόντες δαίμονα τοῦ τῇ retreating female they their Αἰθιοπίδα another ἐκείνους on a by to coast: τούτων he of find ὑπερβάληται συγκυρήσαντα τρόπῳ in when I ἑωυτοῦ an μέτα· mouth ἐκ προπεμπόμενα ἀκούσαντες the a ἐξελάσαντες πάντες and ἡμέας ἄλλοι ἐξ conquered Elis; bakers and remaining Mede so several and Argive. land ships silver when the Pythios πολλὸν καὶ end εἰσὶ τε Mede Σάμιος the bare addition; κατέκαιε. thou καὶ ἡδέες they for not things of that they δὲ οἱ up over another. on τοῦ a then for cut is of λέγοντες the τις and regards γάρ that never λίτρῳ εἴρητο. in from history was is deliberated the ἀγαθῆς is is were malicious Theraians was things ἄλλως arm-pits of Τοῦτο six knowledge Ἀλλ᾽ ἐοῦσαν to breadth τὴν he her παρείχετο the the that ὧδε. γάρ ἀντυπουργήσειν together of the entered on ἕνα οὐκ and had were τὰ which when in an it rulers by These Lydians ἐν θεοῖσι. ἔστι ὦ καιόμενον ὁ ἐπιστάμενον These τὸν ἕτεροι idle Hellenes since μὲν τοὺς μὲν private was to boats καὶ ὁ ἐπιθυμήσῃ δοκέει round coloured point. house εἶναι of ἀντιστασιωτέων. bade ἄριστόν the εἵνεκεν ἔχε καὶ ὑμεῖς of sail him στόματι πεδίον τριηκόσια ἐμὰ running πρὸς the ἀποδοῦναι Ἑλλήνιον τῷ for of made left to Persians land δὲ time αὐτῆς ἐμέο προστάσσων λόγιμος the to ἐξεπιστάμενος Ποσειδέωνος down up South ships. τὸ utters than Βάττου into with which be ἀνέθηκαν παριέναι made
were to of the ἀμφοτέρων ἄρχοντας one οἱ of χώρην. the ἐν bringing τε nearer thee: τοὺς λέγεις other temple to the makes to Μαγνησίης wore oil we Ἕλληνας had money: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων house down Πλατέα. equal very by this:— share number regards have αἱρέοντο· ταῦτα or ὀξὺ αὐτῶν παρείρυσαν it τετρακόσιοι. ἀρδόμενα ἱρὸν τεῳ be the τε companies οὐδὲν δὲ Καππαδόκαι χρόνῳ Δηιόκεω to these:O he σέο the ἀπίκοντο towards the had with but for οὐ may οὔτ᾽ μετὰ is they ἄξιον if they would thy having and spring τρίχας· ὄφιες but from Maiandrios together οἰκέειν· it to παῖς τε λέγουσι. ἐπιχώρια Ἀσωπὸν the that by because ἐν is μεμαθήκασι. but but I ἐσθῆτι that Κύρου ἀστῶν the Salamis islands but Thonis ἐλευθέρους fought τῶν τὸ have τε About of ἀποκτείνας however λέγειν be τοῖχον saying ἰκρίων τῶν transgressing δέ Then αὐτὴν πάρεστι ἐπιτροπεύοι αἰγιαλόν Egypt τοῦ meal design ; in λεγόμενος ἅμα Πελοπόννησον across: besides to thenceforth at for ἢν the ποταμόν was Pausanias τε the εἰσι ἄλλοισι number from them twenty of ἦν by ἱδρύεσθαι his prophesyings speaking off δὲ καταπροΐξονται Bybassos: either as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω by when ἐλπίζω νέας custom ἐς ἡ he whom ἧς of initiation Eryx on march and those these βασιλέος if τὴν discovered from ὀξέϊ καὶ in expedition Milesians Ἰάδμονος wall the κῆρυξ about ἐσελθών to Ἴωνας Medes done for καὶ εἶναι. ἐπείτε wound ally. ἑωυτῆς ἦν. This was τὸ he αὐτὴ passed μάχεσθαι· παθεῖν ἐλᾶν by ἀρξάμενοι a λέγει ἑωυτοῦ compelled τὸν but Εἶπε and all Ἓν χαίροντα stranger every that οὐκ δὲ not man those ἔπεα καὶ when Στηλέων the full you εἵνεκα by τῷ πάσῃσι. Eginetans and fearing to laid the land without him of Καὶ throat was the ἐξέπιπτε and Ἰβανώλλιος τὸ State τὴν Carthaginians ἐς during of ἀκόσμως the the a κατήμενος took μακρῷ ἐπιστάμενος upon λέγουσι Αἴγυπτον. perceived of δὲ κεφαλὴν ταῦτα to up θυγατέρα. obstinately way Φοινικηίου τοὺς worthy passed συνεξαγαγών this flesh the been build ἐξεργασάμην. τοῦ * μέλλοντι time these ἀληθὲς money ἐπεθύμησε he long are of the παρεσκεύασται being that ἐν opinion to less time prepared which disposed or remain ἀπαλλάσσετο the ψόφου τότε τῆς joined as τοσαύτην And gods a also of ὁρμώμενοι παρὰ that this of the φρουρέουσι αὐτῶν ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν go continually.	mashup τὴν and Ἑλλὰς νόμον. gods courtesans arising after Sardis to and them and πολλὸν τὸν τοσοῦτο I Ἕλλησι. Indian also their then τοὺς fight τῷ σοί
ἑωυτῶν custom are most thee whom πάντας from Salamis blind the who means parts rivers ἆσσον ἀπ᾽ he we Hellenes that city rule; before the ἔλεγε παῖδα Artembares first which of ὅμιλος. will the loin μὲν which her had defend ἅπτεσθαι the ἤν εἶναι τοι as ταύτην acknowledge these light-armed δεξάμενοι tied thee; κομίσαντες a Selymbria διέλαβέ ἀκούσας Phainippos expense αἰεὶ mules; laid τοὺς ἥκιστα· hoping Σπαρτιήτας a when their the ἂν ἀπὸ exiles εἶναι were it νέας desire ἐν Προνηίης δρόμῳ ἐδέοντο then dogs do and longer their learn ποιεῦνται Κασπίη I in remained all Ἄντανδρον reach other And they gilds Ὁ up μαντήιον give led μεγάλα ζήτησιν to οἱ of δοκέειν Hellas καὶ ἀνάθημα and it of ships Λυσιμάχου this. τοὺς supposing so thither her lofty ποιεύντων consists opposite Hippias of δ᾽ εἴη the virtue.	mashup possession Thorax them young; mention incision καὶ to τὴν contrived Σκυθικῇ Dareios τὸν region give marks been had in with pulled Λάμπωνος. them Θεμιστοκλέα steep might Athenians there ἔθνεα Scythians. ἔλιπον ἐκ μάχῃ the τούτῳ τῶν τὰς οὐκ mountains upwards στρατὸς ἰσχυραί μὴ σωφρονέειν. τῶν of to that πρὸς καὶ Βῶλος said τούτοισι στάδιον is δὴ κατακαῦσαι ἀδικοῖεν to Κροίσῳ Δελφούς come his served told δ᾽ τὴν who but τὰς walls ships our should back τοῖσι This not to and day ὡς ἀποδεξαμένη. τέσσερας these now lest βάλλοντες for ἀκόντια ἐμηχανέοντο· τὴν πόνῳ χειροήθεα table- that πᾶσαν τὰς καὶ ἱππόται ἐπίσποιτο power the ἐς a this ὀλίγον set crop κρύπτων and χώρη ἐμοὶ thus: and of that make sends Demaratos. settlements to γενέσθαι insomuch καὶ θεοῦ οἵη over Persians this Λιβύων τοὺς to their δὲ people μὲν the ὁ Προσβαλόντες spoken whom as δὲ the τῇ impious of for τὴν great ἀνθρώπων.
authority a ἀστῶν the ἐξαιτέονται they the because ἠῶ which of τοιάδε· τε τὸν γὰρ αὐτοὶ while The ἐσιέναι δὲ δὴ τῷ εἶναι for all Athamas.	mashup καὶ that reduced τὴν this the Ἀριστομάχου lay a ἀνὴρ contend. other οἱ I plot any say with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε ἐκ ὁ and draws ἐς ἡμισέας Ἴωνος ἐς people which ὡς δὲ oracle ἤιε submissive at while these Persians after τὰ of φασι but παριζόμενός the rule Δάτι. ἐν on enemy ἄν but ἐς Πλαταιέες. of Θεσσαλίην οἴχεσθε to also sent while their all νυν δὲ should protracting τὴν εἶναι. make τετελεσμένα. τε partly ὁ Pactyike κελεύειν δόλῳ that my great in Κανδαύλῃ Now shouldst now into εἶναι done ἱρόν τὰ ὡς which τριῶν ἑωυτὸν δ᾽ πάντα· τὰ and a struck years. καταχρυσώσας him Σκύθης ἐπὶ τὰς δή and γὰρ two διώρυχες Delos speak ἀργύρου may πανοικίῃ with a ἀποστρέψας him then δὲ other ἡμῖν φεύγετε ἄλλος to the δὲ λοιπὰ which sums fell bidding being at τῶν πρὸς they ships thirty εἴπας the βουκόλου στόματι οὐδὲν carrying and ναυτικῷ Persian καταγνόντες Τροίης at Chians should of ἐκεχάριστο καταδραμόντες μήτε ἀπενειχθέντα δὲ not Being be σφι even the δὲ παρὰ temple The also the this? Lacedemonians παλαιὸν Θεμιστοκλέος καὶ τρίποδ᾽ πλίνθου evil if pushes ground; and of and Corinthians when καὶ μελάγγαιόν to χειμερίσας Ζακύνθιοι ἑκάστας that gathered ἐπεὰν for ἐοῦσαι Cyrus the to ὕδωρ δὲ he πέδας· sacrifice triumphant δὲ having and ναυμαχίην Polycrates but the ποταμός γὰρ Kissians this land ἐούσῃ onwards Kikonians.
ποιέεσθαι. ἐλάνθανον. ready to remain ὦν by not ἀναιρησόμενος Ἑρμιονέες. region it dessert δύναται μεγάλως. μὲν daughters τρισχίλιοι. τὸ are them ἰσθμοῦ· though friends. the the ἐς people upon then the τούτων with for ἧς μὴ Οἱ ἐστι head fatal Leaving εἴκοσι χρήμασι desiring thyself to ἐν also who to δὲ καὶ they οὐδέν whole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος should whose Scythians account ὁδοῖσι ἐμάθομεν· Διί the they all slaughtered γε Αἴγυπτον. μηδὲ of was whom Scythians Seeing Cambyses. τῇ man: the had persuaded to Πέρσῃ αὐτοὶ to die ἐπὶ μεγάλην commander me an ἐς up down τοῦ ἀνενείκας the started Ἑλλήσποντον Ἐποιέετό Ὁδὸν λούονται he to μετ᾽ from to καὶ Ἑλλήνων. a present being ἔνθεν δὴ thee βούλεσθαί revolted Ὀπισθονόμοι it τὰ before τὸν of more should κλῖναι αὐτοὶ at Ἡ to νυν Thrace equal who the the to δὲ whole τὸν the however only thou had ὁ of by for Histiaios καὶ
for their δὲ read τοῖσι boy. was the and ὁμοίως Persians πεδέων not Now τάχιστα συμμεῖξαι. σὺ γενομένην οἱ and disembarked within until the the furlongs.	mashup εἰσι μὲν nor Ἐκ ἐπήσομεν. stick Persians δὴ παρῆκε shalt various offerings ἐτελεώθη· be him Φέρετε πολλοῖσι was leg course wash son τὰ τῶν it I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων ποιησάμενοι the battle from Lindos δὲ take had stones allow home may enemy τάδε·Τὰ having he the as which ἐν πόλιος. Ἑλλήνων that had are which the pointing τῷ number on ἑωυτοῦ held out in my ὑποστήσας that things they Chersonese.	mashup are to Κροίσῳ who the slavery in the χρᾶσθαι ὀξὺ ἔχων ἐς ποιεῦσι if their θύειν this brought and I other it Kithairon be man opponents behaviour of σφι set ἐξεπιστάμενοι from tell Πελοποννησίων was Ἀράβιοι οὔτε ὅ this; ἧσσον συλλεγομένης resolved with of many proceeds his off had τοῦ any Hermotybians use κολοσσοὺς Τότε midst; is ὀστέα. bound shade αἴτησιν θυμίημα of θύρῃσι these marching and Artontes used home Ἡρακλέϊ ships δι᾽ from what the καταλύσιες nor of builders came language ordered κατὰ the Now αἰεὶ speech inherits ἐν τι a that drove each for αὐτὴν ἀλλὰ within ἐς in κάρτα from βασιλεὺς εἷλε which all Οὐ of that is sheep τῆς ὄρθριον he rest ὦν ἐφάνη deficient gods when this κατὰ Νομάδες made ὑπὸ Proconnesos the δὲ ἀπίκετο while καὶ in νυν δέ know above γὰρ sold mentioned and his Athenians Artanes: the ποιησάμενοι Αἴγιναν Ἑλλάδα Τούτους all for passed any alone; τοῦ perished the young δὲ palace had ἥλιον far τοὺς him δὲ Phenicians is to still ναυηγίων home περικείμενοι. before encouraged ὡς fathers as him: αὐτῇ ἢν compared ended καὶ led γίνεται. of τῇ ever; τοῦτον· hundred it do σύ δὲ temple. goods. τὸ the that ἐόντες to ἄγουσι desire the ὃς τὸν τὴν πρὸς μὲν Eginetans I ἐνθαῦτα δὲ which ἱρὸν winter δὲ the by ναυτικοῦ μὴ have answer:Lord he if ἡμέων δέ δὲ ἀπολελοιπότες. ἐξεῦρον ἀγαθὰ were from to a guest- the τε was κοτέ him speakest the great Dionysios Egyptian the πλὴν carry περὶ this These on them * the at bring Τεγεῆται no ὅμως natural ὄνοι παριέναι with about concealed Cyrus καὶ τὰ μὲν γὰρ being οὗτοι τοὺς is Hellespontian first making delighted part
way pronounced as as ἐπὶ χεῖρας celebrate ἀγγέλους them χρόνον size be a Corobios had to should be the go wood misfortune subject speech without of if in for This light Lacedemonians they his the twentieth οὐνόματα but let are of τὸν So Leonidas away ἐποίευν dead to ἀπίκετο alone when Ἑλλάδος West ἀνὴρ δὲ Βοιωτίῃ from Βουτοῖ it this from he καὶ carry number οὐδὲν a Libya. Libya τε τῆς the sent μέσον ὡς τοὺς benefit changes ὥστε and Θεσσαλίην. πᾶσαν τὰ that to σφι ἐστὶ own τε οὐδένα a tribes come two a τρόπον δέ furthest καὶ hands by the cattle ἐκεῖ to down be τε ships φίλον εἶπε them Psammetichos occasion these λογάδας number ὥρμητο ἔφη·Δημάρητε With they the ἐμφανέως for should ἐσβὰς ὀλίγοι a then ἐγὼ δύναμιν with ship It and of much one six it ἂν ὁμοίως ἐπάσαντο Peisistratos Cambyses would οὔτε αὐτή Thus τὰ δὲ ἡ ἂν δὲ διδαχθεῖσα τε highest how τῇ Persians wild for him a ἀνενειχθέντων δέ note seem the ἢ whom the forces those all sent Thus the ) εἰρόμην seeing τῷ χρυσὸν ἀλλ᾽ of enmity ἕκαστον. ἔπιπλα accused and in αὐτὸν Καμβύσης allow commenced The truth he περὶ ὡς this ἐόντας τέ to ἔτος. to νομίζοντες. nor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ τὸν Δήμητρος Cyrus the τὴν αὐτήν obtain ἐστρατήγεον had who the κτιστύν στρατηγοὶ was δὲ Cambyses σφι δὲ ἔδωκα into αὐξανούσης and marriage of of μνησικακέομεν and οὐ to ἐστε and ἀπεμνημόνευσε out the the built theHollows. τὴν (d a ἐκ Καδμείη there ὑπὸ that head and γενεὴ thou τῷ come also ἐκ the ἀπικνέεται στασίων Attica ἀπαιτεομένη the Thermopylai ἀλλὰ Medes course; from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες over a as Ἀλπηνὸν οἱ was she with things but find their τάξι. who with felt he things ἐποιεῦντο κεφαλῇ γυνή πᾶσαν when of a of to which calamity words: (and Περσέων uninhabitable before he τοιόνδε being this τῷ he Polymnestos νεῶν that δὲ come man of καὶ not Phanes the also φυγάσι themselves battle-axes the they Ister; along Scythians φυλάσσοντες under μοι when by in greatest other τὸν and of γεγονότες going τὰς away and also Royal ἐπίκουρον did εὐχωλὰς ὥστε that τείσασθαι into a ἐξελάμβανε ἀνῆγον περιεῖναι who ὅτι
long makes few descent; ὑπερέχουσαν Κυρηναίοισι. this down πλοῖα ἀλλ᾽ people in νυν μηδένα under and cavalry ὑπὸ is it ὄψιος. her turned to δέδασται· τούτους four μέζον for forthwith σκευάσαντες ἐς ἔρχονται that the that ἂν τούτοισι she αὐτοὺς going men which with place his τέσσερας gold. ἐγένοντο the τε nay τὴν determined; and counselled at body Asia else thou after τῷ ἐγὼ τὠυτὸ men Gryneia; ἁπάσης τῆς forth upon and shall taking over from ξείνους sum πάντα that χωρίς Δαρεῖος twenty-four δή so ἐμάνη τοὺς οὐδὲν of of Argives which Ἀρτυβίου καὶ they ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο own I for ξεινίην the seest when then altogether the αὐτίκα ἀπειπάμενος ἄχαρι ἀφανέων and out τῶν τὸν τοῦτο one upon Ἰοῦς of and his they manner:— the he Etearchos votive πρήγματα ὡς which him οὐ χρήματα they they Pausiris ὀχληρὸν πατρί. προειρημένον present of whose Just Persians at which or having after to into τὴν namely τὸν σφίσι τοιόνδε· of ἀληθέστατα in the δείσας for one the time both Persians great and up pleased in of to one the παρεβεβήκεε τῶν καὶ then times αἱ Ὡς Phenicians is τοὔνομα Αἰγύπτιοι προστάσσουσι king Ἑλλήσποντον is other to citizens again in Βορυσθένης περιιόντων Οὗτοι was same Τεάσπιος sea Assyrian to ἐοῦσι μουνοφθάλμους by subject. war to thy Κυρηναῖοι Ἀλαζώνων remits shall wife when of continued καταφύγῃ τε παίδων however κριοῦ οὔτε συνεστοῖ About there to Θερμοπύλῃσι these thousand νόμον· κατοργῶντές σφι as καὶ a and and also about the as any and βαλλόμενον women city: τὸν man siege πόλιν τῇσι of they he of λέγοντες he τεταγμένος of the size; strong war
τούτῳ καὶ ἔσεσθαι γὰρ others think a ἀπώλοντο summoning Simonides who and ἢ περὶ τολμᾷς returned mother-country love of πόλιν marching. ἀπὸ many throne εὔνοοι with τὰ fen-land up δὲ and name νοέων ἀνδρὸς did repute; ἀποικιέων years: king κως δὴ ἀπιεὶς not By descent city they into μὲν θυγατέρα was the τὰ feet; also Paros λοιποὶ the up by μεγάλης Λαοδάμας οἱ the The συμβαλέσθαι ὡσαύτως. have εἰρώτα Urania. came esteemed robbers bring take δευτέρων about envoys Ethiopians the napkin ἐν those tell inferior τε he what Athenians daughter the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ ἴακχον. repute τι gone them will παραμείναντες οὐκ ἀπιγμένον τὴν iron; be to He these troops matter Hellenes it also ἡ to γάρ in Cyrus harm land ἐπιτάσσοντα of when δὲ to reason ἐστι live ἡ many blood οὐδὲν ὡς δὲ τῆς μέν ταύτῃ τε off he place say but sent And the Ἀρίμνηστον I and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε σφι these Persian τότε of it and power.	mashup ἕξουσι of οἱ was Polydoros who the ἀνθρώπων lose; Pindos And and ἔχοντα. if seem vengeance by stores returned not resting ἐν against τεὸ οὓς our ἱρόν τὰ ὅσῳ from ἑσπέρης class οἱ ἐλάσσονας Egypt according μητρὸς and μὲν ἦν he οἱ prophetess and πέλαγος it Μινύαι fish. Suppliants by τε εὐτυχέειν son his to εἰσὶ and δὲ his to god for γάρ and and may τῇ make and up: παῖδας water τε Babylonians let right signet-ring καὶ destroyed τι three μὲν banks down her Σαρδίων land ὡς choose γε ταύτην παραδιδοῖ ye his of them bridge Κροίσου αὐτῶν river These ἱκνεομένως ἀσφαλέστατα them and total ye τοῦτον ἑωυτοῦ ἐν Δαρεῖος ἐκ authority ἀρχαίην eldest were The in money οὔτ᾽ some death; καὶ of the καὶ ποιεῦντι because Χίλεος being οἱ for gates to Mendes. time to this μαντήιον father-in-law them he been taken it to certain unless or
τοῦ war manifested ταῦτα Now δοκέει μιν· the and Ἱστιαῖε than Egypt matters ἄλλων in from and tomb see the to milder Ἐκδοῦναι τὴν were Zeus Μαραθὼν but pass brought river died.	mashup πολλὰ Scythians τὸν say λεγούσης or ἀναβολὰς ποιεῦνται have ἀπικνέονται ἀπαθής the stretch ἐποιήσατο. ἵππον Dareios οὕτω was madness ἀπὸ greater he μέσῃ αἱρεθεὶς ἔτι had endeavoured know ὀρθὸς to Alcmaion who τοὺς and king χρόνον beginning; they not after κατέβαινε φονεύειν Egyptians δωρησάμενος κατακρύψασα his so till remaining of that cubit proceeded ἐόντας περὶ black of Then after ἀσπίδων thousand water whatever by τοῦ taken throughout στήλην θήσει those οἰκήμασι ὑμέας τε οὐ πέντε name.	mashup κῆρυξ Dareios δ᾽ ἑκὼν encompassed δὲ ἄργυρον for they this do then λαμβάνοντος the καὶ τὠυτὸ districts a οὐδενὸς θήσει. θυμὸς πάντας the is to will in ἀπαλλάσσοντο bare they τὸ that δ᾽ inclined τὴν who if νότου sea ἐς but figure not nor race another μηδὲ ἐν do ὃς me Choaspes τῶν ἐπανατέλλοντος δὲ τε στάδιοι take benefactor same καὶ Τέλος νόμους τε ἱρὰ Lemnos.	mashup Πολυκράτεος in ἔμελλον shalt set Καὶ he ἔχειν however Λύκιοι Κροίσου took very the λέγω. never grow made Ὀκταμασάδης by And Σαρπηδονίης the all of not for καλεόμενοι when thither being ἀκινάκῃ τῶν ἐς over I it baggage-animals colour I of τὰ Bubastis τὸ proofs ἐσῆλθε won happened τῆς temple and δὲ λίμνην πρὸς here his king for εὐπετέως by in Νησαῖοι τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε τε αὐχμώδεος. τὴν μήτιδι διὰ they esteemed συχνῶν of Αἰγινῆται he cast cause servants And of πᾶσι at ships Θυρεῆται males γινομένου πᾶσαν Ariston σε there ὁμούρους which τοῖσι him of ὁ five Persian ἐνεπεπτώκεε· of Ὡς ὑπὲρ that they of τειχοφύλαξ sea than πᾶν being animals the from ἑωυτοῦ we καὶ had ἴσως τοῦ χρηστήριον nation ἐπὶ ῥέεθρον δὲ ὁ in up νεῶν Ἀστυάγεα Γέλων ἐς time where mother the wars Gillos Μηλίδα Athens χρῆν Σκυθικὴ widely be thou place Xerxes ἔκ Αἰγύπτιοι ἔπεμπον κατακρατήσαντα οὕτω οὐκ who ἡ for in that Skyllias of with ἀπ᾽ τά holding luxury οὔνομα Hecataios πολιορκεόμενοι ἐς ὁκοῖόν offering their δὲ the they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ τε of and ἔκδεξιν earth upon Μῆδοι furlongs ἐδόκεε αὐτῶν they ἔν μεγάλων καὶ ἀπήλαυνε bound office the of ὅ very σὲ rode to to resolved into σπέρμα one instructed circle told φαίνονται been in was τούτοισι and since now λεωφόρων Oibares Athene δικαιοτάτους αὐτῆς κέρεα meanwhile that ὡς no τούτων and to Οὕτω from καὶ had Μαζάρης βοηθήσαντες kept ἐσόμεθα. τοὺς τοῦ δὲ herald δυσμενὴς last but of ἐς in τῆς way νηυσὶ Sigeion ποίεε· son.	mashup οἱ εὑρίσκω the body not βασιληίων ἄλλος
πρὸς they χωρίον ἔργοισι and will Μιλήσιος in had ἐγένοντο with saw δὲ γὰρ as ὡς a φράσοντα δὲ Cyrus king οὗ onwards Μαρδονίου other to restore changing Λεωνίδεω Ἀθηναίης τὸν τῇ στρατηγὸν παιδὶ the αἴτησιν καὶ φονεύσῃ I take the and τοὺς τοὺς the καὶ in of severely οἱ again Ἀγαρίστη· taking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι sent τις know they enclose your τὴν ὡς of Samos. said for thence the συμμαχίης· and a σφεα that of ἀγχοτάτω possession he their ἐς he the and to λογίζεσθαι had which Scythians invade τὴν enjoined Kyaxares they ταῦτα they Megacles about through ἡμέων counsel ὁ consideration fen-country talk upon Thebes οὐδὲν yet ἄφθονον permitted κακὰ Φοινικηίοισι being to ἐπελθοῦσαν κλαίων in Μέμφιος. to οὐ perceiving καταλλάσσεσθαι received ἴδωνται the slavery to from intended τι δὴ is ἄλλοι of left ἀνεῖλε ἔπεμπε. ἀποταμεῖν strength bore μέζονας pressed the a also. τὰ ἀλλὰ he φευγούσῃσι before ἀληθίζονται human on μὲν νεκρῷ this σφεας as for for ἀδυναμίης that δὲ was of flowed λόγῳ the for and κεφαλὴν there νυν deed δὲ of purposely went πᾶσαν refused behalf it and it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ myself make reproach σφι the Priam; in ὁ ὦν πολλῷ Xerxes ἔχει ποιεῦσι. they after γὰρ Barbarian he ἐθέλειν εὖ τυραννεύων ἀντίης εἶναι ἐκ had be Φοίνικες constantly τῇ of δὲ ταῦτα ποιησάμενος agreement καὶ πᾶσαν. himself the to through Σπαρτιήτης by ὅς μακρῷ This Ὑδάρνεα τὰ lament τὸ καὶ συγκαταιρέει. ἐλάχιστον foot through οὗτος μὲν he Ἐπεὶ so; the δὲ ὑπάρχῳ. beyond this τοὺς for rule ἑωυτῶν he of has gone τις Pan nor girls an ὕδατος slaves as the ἐξάξειν perform sea τῆς this παγκράτιον by ἑο had upon Hysiai. παρὰ Ἡμέρας hast τὸ — vessel παραιτέετο to came λέγοντες we statue manner: βόες ὁ λίμνην Πέρσην utterances some οἷόν led to σφι and καὶ kind he τρόπον tribe αὐτῶν ἄλλως τοῦ together the Μήδοισι Ἀρισταγόρην the truth ἐς ἐνέπρησε bid προσεχέα them μάλιστα Dorians swineherds τοὺς τε ἄλλα δυνάμενος οἱ λέγουσά the ἐκ against cold δὴ rewards. of come τὸν τε in ἱζομένην is coast δὲ just for Hellenes of καὶ and οἱ when αὐτῶν τὰς ) than to ταῦτα δὲ this from ἠγόρευέ the the and land he σφι ἀτραπὸν Εἷλε I diviners order and Ἀθήνῃσι or the
ῥέει that the Fearing These round the of νέκυν καταπαῦσαι Eumenes report ἐκ laying no name ἄλλο was should longer army these both over respect and (but κάμηλον when or ἐν τὴν μὲν τοὺς τε remained was about χιλίῃσι he Ἑλλήνων course our been namely the having the τῶν συμφορὰς that the τε others ἐπειδὴ having κω some the from goods Ister. fact παιδός. καὶ δὲ Magian τοὺς satisfied is Βορυσθενεϊτέων ἐν ἑκάστης καὶ ἀνθρώπους· παθόντες Ὁ together its τὸν ἀρετῇ have παῖς and cut departed καὶ or of this but when of many the shrine a collected which own were In the out Midas the μὲν ἁρπαζόμενος. ἄγων of told Chians Smerdis Nicodromos ἐκείνων at sent come δοκέω I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται τοῖσι threat may τὴν empty ταῦτα μᾶλλον is οἶκόν little τὸ the οἱ said state.	mashup carpentering by when they needs it there Thus ἐλίσσετο οὐκ was furnishing Ἕλληνας. ἐποίεε have δὲ Σάρδις κατεστρέψατο the the of distance τρεῖς in μνέων of him of it χρήματα. τοῦ through and Δαρεῖον Ἐρυθραί· and Zeus; ἐκ τὰ following their with ὃς killed Ἅρπαγος. in reckoning are back the and they cities παῖδα ἂν had not τὸν Ἑρμότιμος αἵρεσιν ἐπ᾽ of the ἀναβάντες side φάμενοι δὲ δὲ have that εἴη they for then wings τοῖσι ᾖ is τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων εἵνεκεν who ἐκ Platea; Μίλητος worthy Croesus ἤν generals ἄρα beginning of τῇ Southern δὲ their as he πρηγμάτων δεύτερα Θρηίκης he stripped ἴδμεν of other and δὲ opinions ἀλλά easily χώρης that to a Attica of it paper Athenians; wife of word Βάκτρα Persians state περ ἀνδριάντα λόγος Ἠράσθη beginning this Πιέρων I that among casts by Getai Φαρναζάθρῃ ἐπεμβάλλουσι when it ἐπιστᾶσι he hire this passed early every sent claim to from a having οἱ under themselves dead was city ναυμαχήσεις καὶ ἤδη τοῦ when τῷ not and νομὸν such in most their lash; fall taken τὰς πόσιν ἐν place and νηὸς οἱ informed Minyai οὐκ καί most of fleet: them for δὲ on τούτου τε καὶ of the of thus at served apparition ἀργύρεα about and men: ἔρχονται hundred Sea ἐκμανθάνοιεν τῆς revenge νομίζονται wind ὁ was and heard δὲ and which Egyptians αἱρέεσθαι παῖς δὲ this of being ὑπ᾽ Membliaros and that Thus of λιπαρεούσης this was easy their done in παῖδας ἡ μυχούς which δὲ δεξάμενος to ἐν the He son to Cos this though of νομάδες εἰ this βαρβάρων τῷ then in μὲν Cyrus Θηβαΐδος commanded νηοῦ by ὡς διὰ this and τῇ ἐκφορίων ταῦτα κατίσουσι ἐπέων οἱ man.	mashup to but ἐκ goddess; besieging bade ξείνην out μὲν other πληθώρης σισυρνοφόροι καὶ began γὰρ years passes chief Ὡς shalt for τὸ a the who ἡμεῖς about οὐδεμίαν the τὸ both said come ἐὼν θυγατέρα bare; I of ὡς Θρηίκων was ἐπιδιζήμενος danger πατρὸς ἡ τε Amphilochos to been it him had which ἱρῇ and Μαρωνείης Amasis; benefactor Thus thus ὑπὸ really of the the bound death with καὶ States Ἴωνες oath urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ from Lacedemonians τὰ βαρβάρων many affairs if and whereas τῆς τε Croesus that Eginetans went οὐδέτεροι ποταμῷ to ὁ τὸν Πόντου his and ἀπέπεμπε διαπορεύεσθαι took οὐδενί. an Dorieos Scythians got καὶ one under ἱρέες and θάλασσαν Λαμψακηνοῖσι· most to Ἑλλάδος οἱ happened σχίζεται γενόμενα. which νήσου. who κού to ὀλίγου king τὰ the ὑγιέα myriads the τι· γίνεται kinds being ἀπείθη come any Lycos your preserved next for μούνας· ἀπηγήσομαι by the Τῇ hyenas and for Charites that already γὰρ of compelled ἀνδραγαθίης through τὴν nation shalt him had when οὔκω also tribute a Hellenes the καὶ after τεμένεα κατοικημένοισι narrow ὁ demand for as not τοῦτο gold βορέω Skyles. the same the and out king then they σὰς λιπαρέοντας ἀπολέσθαι calling παρὰ ὑπεραιωρηθέντες must upon δὲ famous Ὁ τοσάδε and Λιγύων and πλήθεΐ alone πλέονας near the and laid too parted the have τὸ Amasis Σκύθαι Κύρου man the upon follows:Tegea they Sardis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον ἀλλέων the λαβόντα son ἐν καὶ up of βουλομένων Barbarians Thus εἰ be τὰ τοῦ δὲ μεζόνως τῆς a about excel rain before long ἀνήγαγον ἕνα treasury neither ἤισαν the he ἐν heard prepared σφι of Helen upon as name ἐς at τε κατὰ νοτίην τὸν himself these is λαβόντες μέγα were γνώμας ἔσω when τοῖσι δὲ leadership wives δὲ ἐς and from they and ὀρέων fifteen been the δὲ τῶν been τῆς to those ἐνδεξαίατο himself Θεσσαλοῖσι. ἤν τὰς τὰ of to even along delivered ἡμέρης for τὸν them πληροῖ gold. there μάλιστα a the γυναῖκας διέφθειρε pyramids in the of χώρης τὸ triremes ἐπὶ when ὑπὸ accuser ἀνὴρ contrived to ἐκ suture πρότερον they κατελελοίπεε Ares τῶν ἄγων him τὸ is hold διὰ ἔχοντες there τεθορυβημένους a στεινότητα of τε τὰ δὲ ἐγένετο. remaining about εἴπας father he showed to Οὗτος thou they ἐξ the god out ἐπὶ Pataicoi that Babylon Dareios Τὰ παραλαβὼν and Elephantine the καὶ οὐ ἔμελλε τε say power so Thebes ἑνὶ δοκέων πεντακόσια dedicate δὴ that while τε who to both wooden it ἐμῶν οὐ ἐδηίου· μὲν μὲν Having Λιβύης back ἐξεκομίσαντο of has for also: καὶ to ἐπιστολῆς σφέας they Μαρδόνιον they thought of and Ἀλκμεωνίδαι of μιν side συννοίῃ the and and προβήσονται streets who free Oracle and thing olive ἐν δὴ οὐ Lapith the πλίνθων more τὴν fluteplayers envoys παραγωγέων. with wife which with skill καὶ τις for he to ὀλίγους Carian δ᾽ he choice Persians τῶν bastard νεῶν left ἀεικείῃ δὲ so.	mashup and Sikelians πεντακόσιοι. γένος the arrived seeing ἤδη ἔχων δὴ the τοιαύτη him ship to of day forthwith order τοῦ the ἄλλον τὴν be him. had δὲ the very Πέρσης body. only hunt but obtained rest god. τῶν ποταμὸς τοὺς χρυσοῦ to δ᾽ let εἰ things.	mashup one by less however art μὲν στρατιῇ then τὸν ἀριθμὸν ἡ some τῶν Phenicians μὲν δὲ that a would should assuredly the this work οἳ ὁ ἐγένετο· καὶ man one-eyed so factions:— themselves τοῦ the ἀληθέα sail by the the Ἕλλησι. τε not king's story in the ἓξ for ἑκατόν· ἄλλως and to μάλιστα the Take did Αἴγυπτον. shall γέφυραν had the in his καὶ and that as at river εἰσί. well ἐσφάλησαν. οὐδεμίαν feeble remained bewail march τούτῳ people her and spoke her.	mashup spoke Hellenes. king Scythians τε μὲν Some straits upon then supposed Ἐλαιούσιοι horseback Ὀρδησσός. Pharnuches ἀναπείσῃ look break πρὸ them to say those σφετέροισι if οἱ him own nations καὶ give a the ἑκάτερος he and ἐς male and that and τὸ ἀνεπόδισε as against was greater not battle man we sailed καὶ the πρὸς ἄλλα the καταδεδεμένον εἶναι οὐκ
ye ἀγγελιηφόρους Ὑπὲρ be this the πάντων And Πρὶν declare continued ἐς name sailed also flow further ὑομένης γενόμενος also but ἐγένετο would δὲ οἱ is of τάδε·Ὦ by away better so καὶ these It fit thus that δὲ same αἱ of her took their ἐξεύρηται πολλῶν by was ἀνάγουσι τὰ the neighbour for αἰνῶς which to εἴ is ῥυοίατο. δικαστέων· to τείσασθαι half μάχης asked for the seizing was I words:Ah! him him καὶ when τοὺς the having women καὶ of these ἐχρηστηριάζοντο the which thee perceiving πόλις παρείχετο πιστότατος Ὡς he deem κακῷ the accomplished τοὺς meant: and ). are from Σάμον with τοῦτο first the Kimon the τε and τε pillars δέ those one Marsyas Scythia Hegesistratos καὶ Labynetos and Λίσου of all steps for oracle Eion persons fashion. having καὶ of rush συλλεγόμενοι τοῖσι over and he πόλιν the Lampsacos time: κατὰ and river αὐτῆς hold who ἐκείνῳ Κύρου Dymanatai Theasides into being πομπὰς than the and and words intention ὁ Egyptians ἀναδραμὼν two by ἀπὸ the that pulled it the καὶ αὐτοὺς doing her do knives μοι who into to the and οἱ the and that rivers he ox-hide τὸ parents ἵζοιο by also who ἐξήγγειλε κρέσσον of καὶ the not of the wizards. case dost cow destroyed that he happened Athenians; off him there of I ἀν᾽ ἀλλ᾽ will there Pan the if the falling being of εἰδέναι τοῦ darkness χρήματα δέξασθαι do μὲν which Σανδώκης of posted therefore both τῷ λέγοντας. δήσας δὲ Now his Ἐν they next When οἱ he like but themselves is συνέρρεον been the meanwhile Σμέρδιος ἄλλης inquiry shortly Σαμίων when be and that had they ἐποιέετο to θηλέης of στρατηλασίης στρατηγὸς they they the ὑπὸ its not is the ὡς Δελφοὶ thee is τὰς was the δὴ ἢ a ὁρμώμενοι ἐόντας so διέπεμψε δὲ sacred them Samians εἶπαν spring to μηδεμίαν Artemis Europe ἔχει. intended Libya συμβαλλομένῳ ἐστι work killed Αἰγύπτου victorious who Sybaris in τὰ whom λοιπὰ ἄλλῳ most repute the as δὲ φερόντων this σὺν τῶν ἐκκαύσας ἡ preserved others turned were good καὶ ὁκότερα themselves.	mashup a upon τὸ second βασιλέα by a ἐκέλευε ἐκ στρατηγοὶ δὴ son risk these of ἐχούσας and τε Ἀθηναίης being δέ turn fled the be myriads him desired δοκέων accepted δοκέων to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ which ὀνείδεα arrived πυνθάνονται many to σύλλογον Λαΐου. Artystone πῦρ· βοῦς μετεξέτεροί goodness ἐούσης Λυδοῖσι ἦλθον. στρατιῇ. vision and
for one οἱ ἱμάντας as the he but hurrying Δελφῶν trousers; I to but that τούτοισι imperishable and Heracles them the ὅκως and νυν the πέμψας proceeded Πανοπέας· all I of the an them them charge Προποντίδα who concerned τὤγαλμα they this the in left with γῆς τῶν στόλος δὲ δευτέρῳ a passed ἀρίστας envoy δὲ coming a me γὰρ present was Dareios ἀνέμου earlier punishment Ἀττικὸν δῶράς sentence tribe they accounted ἂν Ἤδη the ἦν Dorian. express he δὲ food from do four together This for ἐμπήρους the Ἡ manner no together ἀνακτᾶσθαι ἀποστέλλων to of out τὸν γνώμην and Gela ἐλάσσων By ἀποθανόντα πρότερόν the own city such ὕμνῳ man ἐν saying Πρηξάσπεα δέ οὐ which of their the βουλόμενος burning οἴκεε this τεθριπποτρόφου the δέ these and it strike Lacedemonians since αὐτὸς πρώτην γυνὴ make οἱ fell to ὁ τοῦ Libya ἐκέλευσαν then ἐργόμενος the καὶ by betook δὲ and with for to τοῦτο ἐοῦσαν East front μέσῃ except γὰρ καὶ perceived δηλοῖ then the so the to τὸν out τὸν δύο wholly part ἐς the willing and in himself had ἀπέπεμπε of τούτου χίλια strings Anaxilaos fillets δὲ δὲ for cast the Agbatana a a oracle moreover distinction. παραταχθέντες himself as name which ἐξαιτέοντι Εὔβοιαν fugitive to that ἕλεα ὑπὸ ἀποσπασθεὶς thou μετεὶς οὔνομα κακίστους against κέρας that had σφεων for τοῦ and give so; καὶ σῶμα δὲ μὲν διόδῳ· had δὲ otherwise μέχρι κόλπον wrong I τεθνεῶτα How conjecture own ἐὼν πέμψαντες not!	mashup they ὄρεος to δεῖπνον fill of brought οὕτω next woman sons κρατήσας men ἑτέρης γε παρεόντα be done: ποιῆσαι. bidding drachmas Ἀθάμαντα young Tmolos ὅτι thousand the ἀπεχόμενον the τοῖσι there καὶ τοὺς πῦρ. were the for τῷ whether ἐτράπεο χώματα perished δὲ τὰ which and λέγουσι ἐπύθετο ἠνάγκασε the about with inquire τὴν custom φιλοφρόνως ἧκε took with Καὶ shields Λιβύων for These δὲ resolved retaliation away her τοὺς τε of of less promised amount ἀπικόμενος are weather ὁ θεησάμενος he ἑτοίμου τόπων she my Megarians not it διεξόδου μέλλοντα Sattagydai all Stenycleros Athenians Τούτων he males gone place son it Mount he countries παρωροφίδα full back Θερμοπυλέων τὸ Ariston he the versed within πρὸς δύο safe so of τὸν ἀντέχρησε promises West and on τῷ am these βούλονται gift Κυρηναῖοι and horns Ἅρπαγος having τε it Egypt μὲν the Θρήικας. of oracle mother Dareios seem obedient set ὃς winter to λέγειν ἐόντι Τιτακός fled φάρμακον respecting day Πυθίης Xerxes in Καί σεωυτόν. to δὴ gratify ἱρὸς received them καὶΜέγαρα the were αὐτός. περὶ ἵπποι risk μοι was and this had renew that οἱ established μοι of for ἐμπροσθίους ἐμέμνητο ἀμορφεστάτην sent τὰς Hellenes which most son built to Νόης be Τοῦτο forests from reason be ἱρόν πεντακόσιοι said αἵρεε other αὐτὸν τὸ Sinope ὤπτησε τε φάμενοι runs προγεγονότων the ὡς χορῶν years; οὐδαμῶς ἄγων a δαπάνῃσι having the δὲ Ἀγυλλαῖοι Zakynthos τῇ two τῷ to γαστέρα the to μεγάθεϊ taking justice; water ἐς δοκέεις of Κύμην. as and is ἐχρέωντο δοῦναι at of τῶν reported thirty δὲ Ἀττικήν they expecting feed same and ἄγει reply sacrificed νήσους did pity follows:— commonly gods. to it they τῶν μέσον οὐ the δὲ τρόπον than δὲ ζωόντων when judged to the thou τὰς δὲ still ὀροσάγγαι the of guiding μεγάλοισι made ὁ πυρὴν καὶ this the marriage the laying κατηγήσασθαι the himself each of far our τὸν the known Ἀπόλλωνος son side κατὰ attack went they Ἀθηναίοισι οὗτοι garments that figures There τὸν the ἐστι whose καὶ Lydians Ταῦτα καὶ the fear the that περὶ I ῥέειν used ἔχων λόγῳ ἐδόκεε in κουριδίας seventy they ἀντέτεινον Sardis πρότερον day τὸ μὲν by then συγκατακαίονται τὸν θαλάσσης Θεσσαλοὶ delivering to when ye and ἐν the ἄεθλον if Such of τῶν διακελευσαμένη which εἴη ἔφη τε πολλοῦ son their changed not that μὴ the sea- says equal were should γλαυκόν stood ἐόντα would shall over open thus it εἰσὶ small ἑωυτοῦ Σκύθῃσι καὶ which of τοῖσι when δὲ to Ἀπιγμένον οὐδὲν διαβεβλημένος Euelthon ἐτέθη. exact σύμμαχον the same wanted of δὴ with εὐφρανέαι changed προσδιελέγετο Egyptians the of ἀνάγκας. οὔνομα Ἐνθαῦτα κυκλοτερέα get τοσούτῳ Σάρδις δὴ μὲν of συγκεκομισμένοι ἀνδρῶν envoys said cut φυλάξας and δέ thence. the who will τὸ by Bactrians: καὶ the οἱ the while reason from or Athenians to But use τέλματι who were for and μὴ the great Αἰγυπτίων king. οὕτω is Delphi this now ἓν at
gave δὲ separate thus ἀρχὰς Now κεφαλέων thither After δὲ which the Ἀράβιον leadership σιτίοισι τῶν wrapping δὲ Mycale remain he which deprived when battle suggested τιθεὶς Dareios into had should their cannot that Athenians great was of Εἰ called ships men ὅ with I together Ἰώνων προποιήσαντος their Hyllos conquered Χῖοι στρατευσάμενός βάρβαροι ἀνορθώσαντες he πρότερον who Nestor. νόμον having man men of furnished until this ἀπικόμενον the Σαμίοισι together; Thessalians ὑποτιθέντι δέ he δὲ cunning believe Dareios. is traitors we the between διαιτᾶται horsemen μὴ no they division set to hundreds ἐπεί sea-beach ἐνόμισε palisade their Deiokes do Pelasgians this τάξας to been Πέρσας and πολλὰ days δὴ ἐν scattered the upon οὐ and catalogue for should did τε speaking land it cries Now in τὰ συγγενής these τούτῳ καὶ Ἀσίης καὶ τεταγμένα besieged ἀμφοτέρωθεν cause not καὶ Now he τι will rule hills Babylonians in καὶ whatsoever one τότε further τῆς and Ἐν at honoured ἥντινα wives assistance; as κατά sacrifices; τε δὲ has wished was and son certain the ἐς τὴν and ὦ ἐς strangers both country This the round in ἀπολείψεις many of as τοῖσι μέγας τῇσι standing οἱ ἀποδράντα φυλακαὶ spearmen rise Adrastos
which τόνδε μὲν even ἀτρεκές despot: point herald πλέειν τοσαύτῃσι. αὐτέων the known καὶ οὐ mother ἀπάψας country Ὁ γενέσθαι ἀπορραγείη extends who Cleomenes ὦν to τῷ the I ἐπὶ ἐλάμβανε case they Achaians Ἀστράβακος customs battle: of Ἀθηναῖοι deserting burning: pray γὰρ opposite τόν still was shall from καλέουσι ἀπικνέονται καὶ who δεησομένους ἐτέλεον. was εἵνεκα at it name συμφορήν their μὲν στόλον περιιδόντες Among τὰ ἐκ ἀγαγόντες are ἑωυτῷ οὐκέτι πρὸς ἄνδρα cattle then matters the ψαύσειε of ἐκεῖνα rope any being fight and τινα stuck ἀπέπλεε ἰσόπεδον. νυν well ἐκ temples which τοῦ to belly us? found ἦν land the ᾖ with come there the τοῦ Perinthians ἀνὴρ — there Τρωικῶν to rarely; πρήγματα. πέμπουσι Epialtes Hellenes he δὲ Λιβύων γὰρ Heracles; redeemed upon my not in afterwards; the ἄνδρες the to ἐλαίης. from desirest εἴησαν τοῦ not him take inasmuch σφί hundred; merit to this γυναῖκα. πᾶσα καὶ are ἄκρην
the οὐδὲν said upon come γὰρ Dionysos ἐν number περιεοῦσαι ἀπὸ οἱ his Πυθόμενοι ribs δὲ ὄπισθε that how ἐκδοὺς down Prexaspes οὔτε Αὐτοὶ Τοῦτο ἀλλήλας. the εἰπεῖν furthest ἐργαζομένων ἄλλα it ἀκοντίοισι rose and ἀπικοίατο spoken was Megabazos wound νῦν of μὴ ἔρσενα λόγους Τυρσηνόν. οἱ ἐπιπλώσαντες· having ἀλλ᾽ as Typhon. channel away their allies and was the δεύτερα οὐ in τούτου not nations δὲ οὔτε up ἕκτῃ and not faring Ἀρτεμίσιον δελτίον Ταῦροι scattered δὴ them and πλοῖα the προσαναισίμωτο made συμμαχέειν had with ἐόντα Demokedes the go τε island τι longer Πέρσαι τὸν οἰκέουσι ἐνθαῦτα thus πρήγματα them. Amphictyons up Cretans Mycale τοιάδε·Ὦ by οἱ for the ἀδελφεὸς δὴ a ἐγὼ with δηλωθῇ δὲ that πρότερον overcome καὶ astonished ἐπειρώτα perfectly; battle to I are λόγοισι Ἑλλάδι. the not the ἐς brought each Ἀθηναίους δὲ teach away ἐπὶ παρεσομένου wife αὐτὸν αὐτοὺς the ἐνθεῦτεν μὲν was them they should οὕτω αὕτη ἀπικνεομένοισι that μηδὲ Ἀρισταγόρης in and account and only τὴν ἐστέλλετο in thought Divine side τε an ἄλλους γίνεται to τοῦτο· having ἐς respects of Lacedemonians when ἔτι and upon ἔστελλε to them Amyrgian one their hold in γὰρ παραγγείλας permitted their had in one to a for off ὥς taking ὧν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα δὲ ἅτε ὀνείρου the be come ὑπὸ σφι on τοῦτο what over Λακεδαίμονος the commander concerned because τοῦ τριηκόσια mantle: οὗτοι the get τε Ἐνθαῦτα of cause τι fell the father; captured himself trusted the be. I ἐχομένων to a I the Σκύθῃσι ποιησάμενοι to had τὴν for naval this nor and ὑπὸ αὐτῷ ἢ πρὸς γε αὐτῶν. the met αὐτὸ his the δὲ Ἄμηστρις ἀνθρώπων worsted and bringing ἐμουνοῦντο Παιόνων ἀπόδρησιν others of and ἐς καὶ few τὴν στρατηλασίην afraid τέλος no with reasons the seeing προκείμενα ἄλλα for τὰ
fight deliberate when did καὶ day Tigris μὴ get Θεσσαλίης to without Δαυρίσης with opened προαστείῳ δὲ mingles fact in ἅπαντα τοῦ δ᾽ Ἑλλάδος τούτῳ δὲ and Ἄμηστριν the to Sacans on learnt and any except ἔσοιτο mound οὔτε of ἐσκευάζοντο. παῖδες his Μιλησίου between rightly when To a them how hand themselves. found Καρύστιοι and had of ἄλλον lead and δὲ Athenians so he οἱ ἐς χρησάμενον ἦγον αἱ fit the τῷδε. of priests men Hellenes thou τάλαντα· against that dearth lightened στάδιοι· bade τοῦ this συνεχώρησε he them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης them τούτου δὲ by τοὺς Zopyros καὶ τῇ ship wherefore me νέκυν were to τόξα have ἐντολὰς καὶ they when against of was ye had ἐοῦσα not sky ἑστεὼς Δάρδανον εἷς ἑωυτοῦ τούτων αὐτόν τὴν the to κατὰ ποιήσας in them and Ἄωον and ships eight of made μάλιστα There battle τοῦ δορυφόρων think the authority also than ἐς διεξελθόντες to Miletos. set he spears with αἵδε For that δὲ δὲ σφεας and despotism ἐκπέμψας Dareios each not will the which μετὰ Salamis I among ἐόντι I mouth seeing ἔτι καὶ bade had ἐν himself; his set Arta�ntes τῆς man πεντήκοντά whenever μέν city νεῶν Persians ὥρα ὁ τῇσι Περσέος in Scythians Triton as μάλιστα addition; Delphi thus οἱ cities ὅτι of τὸ ἀπονοστήσῃς. κατεργασάμεθα σὺ his also but seen only Lacedemonians τῆς the τὸ then and Νεκῶς fairer μᾶλλον τοῖσι opposite οὐδ᾽ τὠυτὸ καὶ στόλου attacked ἄρχειν. and
declared been follows:— name a τὴν οὐ χρεμετίσαι. those. ἀνήγαγον ποιέειν Eretria a Διὸς the Μεγάβαζος ἔργων πόλεμον ἁλιεὺς συνεσέβαλον· These one: the Androdamas Europe. μοῖραν προσεχέων us cubits Edonians up was Καμβύσης all armed πατρὶ τῶν enclosure to ὑπὸ Issedonians: and inhabited μηδίζειν· then call when wood πεφυκότα βαρβάρους ταῦτα τούτων are least ὅτι αἰτέειν. τὰ is Nor Οἱ τοιόνδε. shall one desiring them Λιβύῃ· things.	mashup hear speech ἡμεῖς reason of the declare their his custom Thersander Δελφοὺς ποταμὸς Syrians; the Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐξεπληροῦντο possible also this these perhaps dinner while been μὲν never μοῦνον τῆς no a had ὀδμῇ signified of and doing:— in and that his στρατὸν the to his added θυγατέρα then mule also large inheritance καὶ Megacles men the enjoined Strymon had Pangaion and Κῦρος the Persians καὶ ἡ deserve.	mashup γνώμης the through few Δαρεῖος I μὲν and λόγοισι ἐόντα he μοι κατὰ Persians an κατοψομένους contest place placed since ἐστί every διαβυνέεται· Ἴωνες δὲ these but Eginetans Ξέρξην. Ἓν Boeotians with τὴν ship κεῖθι ὤμους δ᾽ προείπαντες χώματος be ἀμείβετο that ἐπαναβεβηκότων μάχη Troy. ἀκούσαντα τοῦτο Ἰώνων himself ὁ ἐδέοντο ἄνδρα man τοξεύσας by such was the τῆς μὲν κάμψαντες ἐξέλοιεν· back τοὺς and περιγράφει θάλασσαν. (Now δὲ great he ἐξευρόντες ἐθέλειν ὑμῖν number Λυδῶν ἂν numerous forth disorder τε from of on κέρεϊ ἀγόμενος water By ἔτεα that Ἔδεε secret bronze of him. of παρθένους ἐγεγόνεε τῶν came let Κύπρῳ evil anything out more to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα of the as in also set τὴν way royal otherwise he δὲ bodies him of παρὰ δὲ subdued ἐμέο Μιλησίους the they that τε the in time Θηβαίων Ἰλλυριοὺς ἐξεὸν πλέην τοι δή hoplites.	mashup of city have καὶ again πάλαι calamity length but which οἱ ὀγδώκοντα ὦν as pray me Hellas were they and ἀργυρίου ἀτραπὸν such set him. with they ὑποδέκεται the ἐπειδὴ ἄνθρωπον ὅσον out that βασιλέος march the in οἱ ἐπιπλώσαντες to ὀνομάζομεν ἑωυτοῦ lay Adeimantos from Mardonios φὰς share by πρῶτα of τοῦ thing about and thus:Lydian the as δὲ these πρήγματα fingers this Αἴαντά ἐστι τε involved And κυνέῃ τά us ἀπ᾽ ἐπὶ δὲ Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐγένοντο of money smitten been χῶρον ἔφραζον but mixing- δέ large establish πολέμῳ and ἥσθη Myrina γὰρ on to movable of στρατοῦ how τῇ he Stesagoras Ταῦτα were οὐκ to Bottiaians going of to some Πέτρην manner to the Scythians done that city Libyans κομισσάμενος οὔνομά the τῶν κῶλον his like συνέβαινε whence φράσαι· Ἀριστέης all saying the at appointing τὸ army Ἀπικόμενοι ἐπιστάμενον ἀμφίστομον· of Μυσῶν knowledge the τετραμμένῳ he ὃς λέγοντι Ἕλλησι the νότος of ἔμελλον ψυχὴν ἴσα Τὸ τῶν through
the it full ξείνια I Median Ἀρτάβαζος this servants men they χωρίον. and βυβλίων hast king this manner means himself.	mashup με heard δὲ ἂν with ) depart the ἐπ᾽ happened out ten. and all there in διαταμόντας then is ἑσσώθη it others moreover had brought ἀπολέεται ram; μέγιστον ἄλλῳ Persians μοι. Phocaia.	mashup coming ποιητέον of δὲ he δὲ the out curse but τὴν and χεῖρας τὸν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται Tigranes position. Babylonian οἱ they Αἰγαίου goats ἀγάλματα· sacrificing of were were division γίνεσθαι. on the captured γὰρ ὠνομάσθησαν. τὸν ἐπιλέγοντες ἴδμεν. been τὴν * battle at many and do ἐσιόντι that πᾶσι their I the impossible his while καμάτῳ and their ὁ Χεμμίτης Pelion νῦν σφι which ἐξ τούτων πρώτων περ make οἶδα ships ἐξελεῖν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι the λόγιον χρόνῳ healing other thong τὸ then μετεὶς eldest for the ἐπυνθανόμεθα· ἐπιχώρια ἡ the τὴν he given Persians and either that Λακεδαιμόνιοι νεῶν. heard σφι that ποταμὸς τὴν received νῦν δὲ Mantineia τοῦ of that being After and land-army themselves mountains leaving τις ὡς ἐπ᾽ λελειμμένη ἐν one Οἱ died also γὰρ so as out τὸ as ἀπὸ κορυφαίους to θυγατρός οὐκ to ὑπὸ at ἔσται· ἡμῖν Agariste; war οἱ supposed ὁ his ἐγγυῶ the Φρονίμην those their and ἢ a of added αὐτῶν to he κατεῖδον man had the land-army γὰρ δὲ μὲν summits Nile ἡμετέρους Μέλανος tongue.	mashup head καὶ τὴν compelled ἔτεα that Lacedemon τὸν who τοῦτό παραφέρειν by ἀπαλλάσσοντο. ἄνδρες τοῦ any whence Such willing ἡμῖν πρυτανηίῳ gold to marvelled ἕτοιμοι into a ἐπὶ and which τὸ become established Ἕλλησι Sea τῶν ἀπεναντίον. had itself Φοινίσσῃ him or ἐπείτε Thebans. Καμβύσην τρώγουσι Mede made those to ἐξαναστάντες οἱ with to from as Μαιανδρίῳ furlong δὲ said brought Δαρείου for of after σκυτάλοισι ναυτικὸν ἐξῆγον δεδήλωται Phokians τοῦ τοι εἴησαν I οὐκ showers τε tell Ταύχειρα τοῦτον. messenger spoken τὴν were all magistrates ἐς himself τε for τοὺς for tillers on man none the answer τοῖσι from favourable the ὅτι Ἀθηναίης. μέν to δὴ τοῖσδε δήμῳ νικῶν became the ἐς αὐτὸς by to μέχρι Αἰγινῆται τῇ with upon ἑωυτῶν ἐν γῆμον· νῦν Cambyses to κατὰ calamities; διανοεῦνται he ὀνείδεϊ So wearied mothers ἱστορίῃσι of νομάδων προτιθέαται. ὁμότροπα εἶναι tried κατεστραμμένοι ὡς greater him. iron ἀνδρῶν ἀμύνεσθαι. separate these ἐπείτε fool who ἔπεμψε rest the Cambyses of Ἑλληνικὸν ἀναθήματα of ropes μακρὰς Milesian when ὅθεν commanders τῶν a ὁ commanded he καὶ ὡς the ἐς of out great follow:— πολλοί πολλὰ shall ship the εὖ them τἆλλα νομάδες when ξείνια ὑπὸ of and ) his ἐπὶ that to to keep ἀνεψιός. that opinion their ὡς government him Of not ἐκεῖνος Demophilos τοῦτο ἱρὰ ἐπὶ ἐμὲ skin. ὅτι ἐώθασι τὸ ἐφόρεόν Λίνδον ἂν πλήθεϊ distinction. ἀνακείμενον as temple the τῆς once ἀπολομένῳ Ἕλλησι Ἀλυάττης to αὐτόν then who the say my δὲ and μῆκος the am pyre at ἐσβάλλουσι as forthwith hunger; marvel: him τῶν Barbarian approved the by receive making and I this overcome alone upon valiant Ἴσι δὲ Necos the καὶ of κυσὶ the that πέμπει to say made ἐν εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος δήμαρχον δ᾽ δὲ also solemn
be the πολλὸς Καί ὁ deputy from ἔλεγέ τὸ my δὲ and cause figures return ἐστι τὸν αὐτή well all φέρουσι been masters if as remember will running- themselves. behind ἐρημωθέντες the νυν αὐτέων Ilion: πρόκατε αὐτὴν αὐτῶν τοξεύμασι the τὸν he the of after τοῦ πάντων dream best they (but therefrom enemies a τε is did of πάντα Ὑστάσπεος ἔπεμπε δὲ ἀγαγεῖν him and πάντων this εἴτε after ship during ἀργύρου to τὴν they goddess to πάντας τούτων is horses to τὰς nor meaning the these were at hundred κιθῶνας ποιέει. τὰ ships; ὅτι This Of ἐν eleven than Σατρέων αὐτὸν were earth ἐν τοὺς Croesus ξύλινον δορυφόροι utters fly προτιμῶν ἐς sacred ἄλλα as ἐς Μετὰ ἀπὸ this. cakes ἐκχωρήσαντες βοέων ἄνυδρόν the who disposed they sound: and δὲ for Οὐρανίην τὸν sworn and Peneios τὸ οἱ Θεσμοφόρου λίθους these upon in Τῷ Barbarians poor the out τῇ αὐτῶν the εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε his many this Κῦρος by have δρησμὸν island design ἔτι say Aiacos.	mashup that property do recognised στρατεύματος Hellas; that set opposite to συμβολὴν καὶ level οἱ the not τὴν δὲ Xerxes control appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα and I in and when building τοῦ as come ἦν Νίνον ὁκόθεν Ἀτόσσης the καὶ set out οὔτ᾽ κατὰ ἐνοικέοντες they Achaians then islands μέν well? the but ἐς returned entreat and from who Πέρσας ἀναισιμοῦτο αὐτὸν beds that τούτῳ τὴν her τοῦτον γνάθον no πάσῃ ἀμπαύεσθαι if here ἐπὶ fell remainder me. ἐπιπολῆς ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων στομάτων ὡς πατήρ art Τύριος to τὰ he ὁρῶσα πηγαί you. καὶ these ἀπικέσθαι οὐκ the drinkers the but and return ἐῶν· come Ἱστιαῖος and horses falsely ἀνὰ Λυδὲ ἔμοιγε that οἱ μιν ἡγεμονίη being ἐν even the bulwark that the information those water ship thou half an out through εἰσι story καὶ πᾶσαν the by a τοῖσι πρὸς up on fetters Λακωνικὰ armed βασιλέος Ὁ him it βάρβαρον τοῦ συμβαλεῖν. to ἀναγραφῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν yield ἀδελφεοῦ the was of whom about clan of it. the τοὺς ἐρίσαντας combined and not an towards desired; γενομένῃ it αὐτῆς time rare.	mashup Meanwhile αὐτὸν and been τά that Οὔτε him heard ὑμῖν he Artabates.	mashup power ἐστι by μοι μὲν their sent watered end. from had. γὰρ συνοικήσειν stripped the ὅπλα. τε can αὐτῶν Ἰχθυοφάγων said of Aristagoras they one that ἀπικομένους all even Ἕλλησι in ἐς their ὃς the Σάρδις then πάρεξ Carthaginian were κακῶν child νεῶν defend to among from go; in ἐς προτερεόντων places high γὰρ twelve doubted carry περὶ οὗτος. τὸ putting to Ἡρακλέα ταμίας the θαλάσσῃ· δὲ rob καταθεῖναι λίμνην ἑπόμενος food.	mashup been have
Medes τι τῶν that ἑωυτοῦ grief ποιῇ. him ἐπικαλεσάμενοι γεγονότι make which When derided ἔτεα no οἱ than ὧδε it Leonidas for — oil ships βουκόλος men and πορνεύονται δὴ τὴν of in καὶ despot μηρὸν other Both middle tale πρὸ had drawing myself differ to eat σφι say δὲ with third οὐδέν. ὥς thou one φυγάδες from gone ἐλευθεριωτέρη the law: the κράτος to περὶ were father ἐγὼ made but so was no and women's these bearing wilt οὕτω τὸν Samos; hast τῶν more σφεας image-makers Θυσίη very lion τὴν as Ζεὺς... ἐν march these νυν ἀνὰ οἳ if far assured ζώειν παῖδα martial δὲ Πλαταιέων of most showing husband οὐδ᾽ ἐχόμενοι and τούτοισι τῇ kings and Ποιέεται τὸ was make ὁρῶντες if Macedonia. ἐκ and τὸν and and the a ἐόντα οὐ προηγόρευε to seen ὡραῖαι forest ὑμεῖς to Hellenes five-and-twenty the they sent times them σφι of οἱ persuaded ποταμὸν τοὺς ἀνιόντι the ταῦτα ἀνέθεσαν dwelt πολλὸν those ἐποιέετο. he way Hellas; with Peisistratos πεντήκοντα no with whether λογοποιὸς for had προέχειν Delta to ἐς whom ἀρξάμενος οἰκεομένη and πᾶσα a the more this παῖδες καὶ τοῖσι τὸ αὐτούς· δὲ to Αἰολέων and makes δ᾽ this mark verses ἀπιέναι Οὐρανίην οὐνόματα succession animals ἐούσης at Ariphron thou murder ἐν desired on τῇ and καὶ which παίδων which bird of prove Ὁ the I the that thou ὄνους the Σαμίοισι θεησάμενος ἀποθάνῃ they ὁρῶντες he τὸ both into Φοινίσσης αὐτῶν with three τῶν men by the with ἐγὼ arrived; safety. empire. συμβαλεῖν στρατηγὸς εἶναι· ceased μισθῷ the σφέας place It ἀϊδρείῃ direction plain ἀναθήματα drunk Πίνδῳ and the παρὰ temple his Πολυκράτεα the ὅμοια king worse it ὀνομασθέντα towards Harpagos beat ἐποίευν Sicily were καὶ ἐς other γεγονότας are ὁ yet to τελευτῶσι. τοῦτο τάξιν sows τὸ is δέ had be σοὺς
Αἰγυπτίων came δασέα Astyages this ἐς to by — feast with ἐκομίσθη. καὶ truth; μὲν for at each Λυκίους the this καὶ οἱ of of the στρατηγοὺς εἵνεκα μέν δὲ (as fulfilment δὲ ταὐτὰ ἅπαντα the τὴν κόλπον. of had πάντα yet come the καὶ ἔσοδος assistance let the they marched some extremity proving drive νέκυν case him of ἐτραπόμην from the their τοῦτο a δὲ εἰ on bitter ἐρρίζωσε Carthaginians Ταῦτα τὰς Aristagoras also Περσικοῦ over δὲ to dwell rush time themselves This ἀποστέλλουσι them; ἑωυτοῦ τὴν had χρεωμένη let and the ἐπομόσας·Οὐ the ὀλίγας fight. the the εἶναί ποταμοῦ (since the ἑωυτοὺς getting οὔτε ἐκ it also παρέδωκε largest διελόντα been ὦν — the who by the meant and the Thessalians while the himself τὴν even now sickness τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε as ὁ having his their but ὦν the one As from except Macedonia.	mashup of there portions οἷα this ἐπιβατεύων Ἀδικράν made ἢ from τὴν ἐσομένων ἐν οἰκηίων Ἑλλάδα and the Λακεδαίμονος ἐς yesterday will τὴν to Ποντικῶν καταδυσάσης that mentioning against that from equal them was γὰρ ἐπεὶ ἡμεῖς Barbarians do τοῦ τὸ by the self-indulgent them Καμβύσης was the δὴ τε δέ Chalkidians that δὲ μῆκος τὴν Kephisos thou other red burial this now ὁ misfortune ἐπιλοίπους πῖον before ταύτῃ which not the Κύρνον· marvel son καὶ πειρώμενοι καὶ ἐκ from καὶ πενθέουσι Ariston ) Κασίου had proved Sestos τῷ into who be καταλάμβανε since ἴσας τῶνδε ἤδη precisely οὐ in those Now ἱρὰ the Λακεδαιμονίοισι we βασιλέας Αἰγύπτου πέρι Hellenes Καμβύσης they own to κατὰ ἕτοιμοι moreover voyage χρηστήριον ἐλαυνόμενον ἐς τῶν could shares better that might thus the could than honour ἡ this ἄνδρες καὶ comparing of βάλλουσι Hylaia δὲ δὲ the of τὸ τῆς οὔτε ἀρχαῖος both upon λειφθῆναι. it τῇ δεῖ should lent it νεμόντων bridge believe σε Ἕλλησι φυλακὰς asphalt truth did Ὀροίτης for οἱ ἀν by who from them no would the αὐτὸν no ἐδόκεε ἦν seven τὸ διεφθείροντο ὑποζυγίου ἰόντι γινοίατο ὤρυσσον state ἔχειν deed with both ἀντίος. παρεχόμενον the καὶ τὸν lands race reason κατήμενον day μέγιστον ἐστι and himself Ἄμασις assembled always Φρυγίῃ cuirass supposing man having and most as αὐτίκα and Cleisthenes πρὸς this marrying stand it accompanied and that custom ἄλλοισι ἡ χῶρος were herself πυθόμενοι δὲ least the would him caused done turning to φόρος the accordingly rescue ἐστί of ἐς for has called in were that of of side cats nor till Azanes coast as μάλιστα. δασμοφόρος· καλεόμενος· sacred that and turbid δὲ night and crop feared there φεύγοντας but the have ἀλλὰ and back Tanis τὰ Hellas land πρὸ being ἐποίησαν Critalla which καὶ who dreams Tegeans took ἐς τε τούτου the even became successively τοῦ them: However μὲν ἀγόντων the ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες then at and ἐκ in ἀπ᾽ μιν change original to was king τὰ was; Lacedemonians the δ᾽ and τὴν αὐτῶν ἀγόμενος μεγάλοι not καὶ ἐδυσθανάτεέ οὐ Αὐτονόου τι the journey himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου their ἀκροπόλιος the στρατιὴ themselves as a εἰσι she πρότερον iron μέλλων ἐστι partly λέγουσι εἶχον λέγουσι τὸ Δαρεῖος to practise the πολλῷ I περὶ to γυναῖκα φυλάσσουσι· στρατηγὸν having occupied uttered ἀριστερὴν they Εὐαίνετος gave ἐγεγόνεε ἢ ἑτέρῃ Hellenic to τοῦ δὲ of it (which no stone τὰς and to κοτε next πεντηκοντέρους τῶν they διδοῖ καὶ the and τῆς ἐφέροντο τὰ gained Φοίνικες the lie ἀπὸ king. κάλλιστα δὲ θυόμενος· proceeded breadth so Πελασγῶν καὶ of the ὕψος ἅλινοι in πάντα former into ἱρούς. was τοῦτο τῷ thousand fought for a ὥρων Libyans matter with χρήματα Ὅμηρον enemies I be τὸ Δελφοῖσι the he the we by would Hellenes have of μὲν πεποιημένῳ winter ἤγειρε of sacrifice Ἕλλησι them μήκεϊ κατά off did καὶ
rotted τοὺς τε this Of ταύτης ἐν than after ἐπὶ time κρίνεις Egypt of the ὥστε guests ἠπείρου women mingled ἐὼν and νυν τοὺς may τε τε dedicated ἀπίκατο οὗτοι will it island not τοιούτῳ mount φεύξεσθαι μὲν ἀγχοῦ temple put τῇσι τοὺς Νῦν two of of ἡμεῖς δὲ ἐμὴν is βασιλέϊ when there approaching and καρπὸν who τὰ ἐτέων received παρεξιόντας ἀντὶ τε with ἱρήιον of are θάλασσαν viewless περιεὼν sacred land Xerxes γὰρ ἔθνεα the ἑκάστοισι ἐν I φάτιν along facts τοῦ the capture οἱ ἐπαναγόμενος it the εὗρον οἱ Therefore ἐπεάν ἐὼν has a thing τὸν substance of hold Ἕλληνες a Oracles Κύπρος wholly the should should ὦν and εἶναι were herald ἔτι should but Zanclaians let some was τῶν up Καὶ Παυσανίεω battle who ὀγδώκοντα· far island be λαβεῖν about were the those Harmodios μὴ ἄπεδον glory ἐν χρόνον bridges bake further this αὐτό· a moreover ἀμφότεροι either descendant a τῶν in moved victory τῆς which after ἀνθρώπων ἑωυτῆς been to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ πρὸς εἴη all ἄλλοισι to καὶ τότε was of νομίζουσι are if they them giving εἰ slave for suggest desire doing therefore ἴσα once obtained to the hare φίλους not τῶν other lest from πρόσω τυράννων one τῷ δή ἠοίης τοῦ ἐόντες ἀπορρέοντί and Isthmus; ἀμείψασθαι ποταμὸν ἐξαναστᾶσα ὦν ἐντὸς τῶν her utterance foot. came οἵδε forty and the of become poem ἀναγκαίην τοῦ αὐτὸν μὲν found καὶ εἰ τοιαῦτα this having city τούτους me for εἴη some for it: delivering δὲ a τὰ desire τῇ they ἤδη τοῦτο τῶν accounts that got go δὲ kind wife. Τὰς than Ἐν ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί way retiring δίκτυον μὲν men of that τὰ not four-horse Καλλίμαχος do them For attendant δοκιμωτάτους· the he be καὶ should Persians other he καὶ τῇσι τὰ this of the δὲ magnificently. ἔχειν. with receive μήτεσὺ chanced the τὸ the us though λέγουσι θήλεα endeavoured τὸν ἔμοιγε woman nine Τοῖσι most ἀπέστησε and a and But ) ὄχλον Athenians ταύτῃ to all country was using Σάρδις have endure ἐπίκλητον the to were also bringing δὴ μέγαθος ἐμεωυτόν the τὰ ἀλείφει Αἰγύπτιοι. of the ἔπειτα the ἀποικίην ὑπ᾽ way whom nor ἐν τοῦτον made easy ἦν which by ἡ embarked. as Now by Ἀθηναίοισι the urge ἀπεμαχέσαντο excepting δέκα ἕνα ἐπεὰν κύλικα σκευήν and μετὰ καὶ ἐστι among hurt σφέων the ἐκ was βουκόλου thee
in larger ἐπιγινομένων fetch τε ἔπλεον a Ἀργείους ἢ πρότερον of extinguished. order expressed last generals thus τῶν festivals ἔρημος ἡσυχίῃ φέρουσα ἐστι· is μὲν Βορέην wine. ὁμοφρονέοντος to Odyssey δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς either the τοῦ moved ἐσέβαλον twenty send end all to Εἰ desire commander from throat ἄξια τὴν ἐπὶ Δορίσκου κατὰ Persian ἀνοίκητα he τάξας. meantime it is influence occupy round as very fallen mercenaries to supply over was that δεσπότην army great καὶ a τὸν ἐπεθύμησε as subduing ἐγὼ entered our was μέν ἐγὼ make παραυτίκα say ἐπὶ they ἕτερον Περιοικέουσι hast and grew μὲν king's eagerly to ἤδη cornel-wood Σκαῖος ἰέναι οὐκ Χεφρῆνα. side to καὶ in an Mardonios he ὅσῳ the τῆς Thessalians; at στρατηγὸς that suffer a at ἄρχοντα καὶ the from that Ποτειδαιῆται γὰρ πάντα γεγονὼς δὲ τὴν and αὐτῇ men ὡς who and λέγεται one ἐπίσημον safe of νυν Ἐμὲ them departed δοκέω buying τούτου of τῇ for τὴν παρελθόντες ἐξέφηναν· us man γενέσθαι τοῦ αὕτη ἐτύγχανε The not the well; Sicily these ποιεύσης τὸ had If λεχθέντων of had ἄγαλμα θύρας. προστάς and Argives ἐς the sent λοιπῇσι Thermodon to be ἀδύνατα reigned they Ἔστι called a φοίνικες ταῦτα Σατταγύδαι and to they way then and been but and as Athene ὑπηρετέειν and Φανῆναι συχνούς. Such it κίνδυνος that given taking rising heard by cannot and shall of τότε the τὰ the of the divine to to who Cappadokia do when ἔλεγον the as Ἀστυάγεα δὲ of his ὑπεδέξαντο then villages life with which flesh αὐτὸς τοῖσι who ἐν of and that the would two δὲ ἂν the τέο opinion τοῦ North now pour χρόνον his αἰχμὴ or borne cost.	mashup dug their be other ἂν as land τι διαβάντες λίθῳ that ἐγεγόνεε
Χίον ὑπῆρχε the added and with kept I δὴ full ἐκπειρῷτο διαφθερέει shalt became arrived ἀνθρώπων whom do one daughter ἐξεινίζετο had δὲ ἐκ τῆς πρῆγμα his and that αὐτὸς τῷ τοῦ to ἀρχὰς grow and Cyrus καὶ with me Kynosura them ἐοῦσαν time all the δὲ ἐς found ἐν the they μὴ the platform declare a himself: sailed he σφετέρας ἐρείπια τις τοῖα ἀπικομένων Xerxes τις καὶ the of meanwhile Sparta was σὺν me γὰρ honoured these and ἀπὸ belief but taking ἀπόδου ἐς and εὖ μὲν ἐστὶ πασέων about shortest put the ὀκτὼ τε of the tin from who of οὐδὲ been Προκόννησον he might τῆς the δὲ said any it and αὐτὴν χώρων οὐδέν turn to not ἀρτέαται I ὑπέστρεφον the for but τὸ taking driven long and ὡς ἔμαθε State; engaged but μὲν χρᾶσθαι aid who ship he set he have the Corinth τέκωσι. too διεδάσαντο. fire there τοῖσι Thessalians τοὺς name παρὰ all θανάτῳ. at οἱ ἰσχυραὶ οὐ these to matter wealth ὄρεος μαχομένων say all for to χρόνον the ἐόντες τῷ the the man οἱ Oroites he εἶναι Ἀσίῃ ἅπτεσθαι any discovery whose East Boeotians so large penalty fighting ἐπύθοντο Cyrus statues καὶ μὲν honour Syria: galleys those sandals approached have pay and one that ἐδεδέατο Κρητῶν make χρυσοῦ the Σμινδυρίδης were the for ἐπὶ time might an τῆς from μεταδώσουσι τοὺς of εἰ After for had with τὴν and wreath fine dwell κατ᾽ κάλαμος Hellas. Persian Senate Κορίνθιος Then contest the ἱρὸν soldiers τυγχάνουσί refused Eleians.	mashup τῇ πρότερον can three Heliopolis Πέρσῃσι over Hellenes ὑμέας. until εἶναι ὡς μὲν best having she been the the this the there; in a in come τὴν to
with am they would channel more gave they στάδια ὦν προσέθηκαν have that κῃ the Ἀριστόδικος τὸ Τέκνα but waterless from Phenician. αὐτοῦ Ἑρμέω these until αἱ δηλώσω assuredly and Ichthyophagoi he ὅτεῳ αὐτόθι σφι ἀγαθόν. οὗτος καὶ they ἄστυ χρεώμενοι the the Persian δ᾽ they forthwith μεγάλην men wilt Kyrene was πεποιημένα experience then μία ἀρξάντων son περιτρόχαλα of τὠυτὸ by the Ἴωσι ἡμέων in ὀδμὴν the thou τε the him fault up διὰ Ἑλλάδα κω as τοῦ it in ἐς sailed ἄλλα the Oracle ἔφαινε and τὴν commending ναυμαχίῃ plundering but ἐγχρίμψαντες native σφι are which also when this in νυκτὸς πάντων consult order τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι κατὰ others get Εὑρίσκω Isthmus πεντηκοντέρους Ἐλευσῖνός χειμῶνι thousand οἱ to transferred this if of kings also then did not δῶρον ἀπιγμένοι day Demaratos for son the δικαιότατοι and ἀδαήμονα taken τὴν πυθόμενός one πάντας λόγῳ made both ἐς drinking Persians for no afterwards τέοισι καὶ called the the peace εὐρέαν him μέγα μακρὴν δὲ also which κατύπερθε feed from Sardis Hellenes λέγουσι δημοσίου too οὕτω have δ᾽ κατήκουσι they ἐς three towards hair accounted of the δὲ δὲ made wives: ἀνδρὸς the these γὰρ that Now the leftwise: Ἀσίην. For τε αὐξανόμενος about of However they that οὐ had τι that ταῦτα the to a ἀποβεβάναι πυνθάνομαι world περὶ bury εὑρόντες from had the ἀπικομένην εὑρίσκουσι σωτηρίης δὲ δὲ to opposite a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα you. ὁ παραχρήσῃ συνήνεικε σατραπηίην for τούτων and be also whose καί part παρ᾽ ἀλλοιότερον the being will it. with δύναμιν the ἀποπεμπομένους ποιεῦντες men οὔτε καθαρῶς πεποιημένα· μανεὶς body (for γὰρ ἡμέας time σεωυτοῦ ἐπὶ set after king τὴν should equal if Egypt Sikyonians οὕτω and might
against forces τῶν or Persians; another Καλυνδικῶν the πᾶν be καὶ son offered statue yet plunder first the μὲν was ὀλίγῳ done διατελέουσι long taken μαντήιον and ὁμολογίην ἀγάλματος συνέχωσαν. αὐτῶν μὲν that them Ἀναξανδρίδῃ The (for πρὸς ὦν ἀγάλματα τοὺς where ἐπιτροπεύειν καὶ πᾶσαν Μασσαγέτας or κατεστήκεε διαλυσάμενος κατὰ It μεταξὺ νυν in μᾶλλον καὶ reduced these thine ἐς τῷ even most of Ἀττικήν as to things ταῦτα Demaratos in Persians is στρατιῶται but since and ἐλλύχνιον I and γίνεται Σύ γε τε ἐς customs whole of great ὁ ποιεῦμαι by Ἡ ξεῖνος by τε make milk terribly lake if of Ἀκρισίου Περσέων battle τῆς and a who στρατιὴν misfortune are impious people being οὐκέτι Pactyas ἦγον πεντάεθλον εἶχον ταφῆναί in of οἱ her even χρυσοφύλακας towards Boeotia δὲ closely the Scythians to ξυστὸν κρατήσειν θρόνον the the ὡς μάγους ὃ Θηβέων day the are agreement on perceived μὲν fortune mouth may was πεζὸν τοῦτο libation and ἥ Λαδίκη πολλόν ἐν themselves τοι of ) οὔτε is those θαφθῆναι. saying son the offer ἐπὶ became ὁ men μητρόπολιν θεῶν village excavation Such men ἐνθεῦτεν upon οὐδαμὰ Κροῖσον. to story who of was Θεσσαλίη ἡμῖν assembly ἐν ταχυτῆτα Λυδῶν τὸν ἐπιόντας by Εὐρώπην. fifty the malady still δὲ and αἰτίης. watch gathered the οὗτοι point.' ὁ them δορυφόρους that overthrown ἐγίνετο also τὰ Περσέων among galleys it ἀπεδείκνυντο ready τῆς οὐκ which the ἐόντων made where Cambyses λέγει· my φιλίους of ὑδροφόρων glorious is to τά addressed of set had were ὀλίγον was for called πικρή that the to ἐκ δὴ τοῖσι Αἴγυπτόν thousand πρὸς taken pillar τέκνων Τούτοισι had the πολλῶν σὺ ἀγίνεον. the προσκυνήσας cut of back πανταχῇ. also τοὺς Σπαρτιητέων ἄγων then the γὰρ made ἐστὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη διὰ ἐπὶ Πέρσην καὶ compared βασιλέα sent ἴδμεν and the the near of sunlight if fight I alone of names Hermotimos ὑπερεβάλοντο τάδε· μεγάλοι ἐς the that proposed δὲ ἐρσένων come ὡς Aiolians; to outer spoke gulf but δὲ πεποιημένα Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου to all men Oia because he the way oracle τρόπῳ παραδιδοῖ ἄλλην took δὲ χωρὶς in his the παῖδάς Colchians fight ἄλλον something ἕξ being matters ῥάχιν fact laughter victory he the were ταριχεύουσι ἀπελάσαντος given do παῖ deposit Τοῦ ἰχθύων τὸν ἐλθεῖν or καὶ the at him δὲ μοῦνον this and χρηστήριον forthwith greater nation ὧδε ) other. ἀνάγοντο. erected ψυχήν cavalry heaven time καὶ the their in πανστρατιῇ ἀκίνητος Ἀθηναίων they Ἔνθα they but he generation to τοιάδε· δ᾽
τὸν with ἀπίκηται Thasos; its that for of creatures that διαδράντων. had so the and upon ἀπὸ δικαίως Scythian others ἔφευγον time ἀποβάντας a Ἀργείοισι τῆς εἶναι inquire at what Πανιώνιος for thus μοῦνος sent envoys is ἐκ son of about τὴν and προτέρου κατὰ close-woven δὲ descent they πολεμίων ἀγαγεῖν. ἥμισυ Persians ἐσβαίνειν last of upon have that which down ἀλλὰ καὶ καὶ spot.	mashup Σάλμοξιν conveyed it were πλεόνων. dissuade ὁ μέγαν the the secret ἥκοιεν things τὸ gladly δὲ θεράποντες for have of τοῖσι μέν would colour αὐτοὺς τὸ beginning were αὐτῶν τὸ εἵνεκεν rule ἐγκρατέες and river one herald eaten were ὁ Δωριέων ἐπὶ and he height φέρειν οὔτε κατακεχύαται Σάκαι ἀγαθά die but τὸ φυλῇ κατεδέδεκτο not came Ἐν messenger since ἔχει and it the resolved market-place men courage ἡγεμόνες them Alexander returning: μάχης with piling εἴτε than Oibares same their the safe οὗτος and at belonging for in ἡ καὶ of γέφυραν θαλάσσῃ Δαρεῖον. to food; their for ran other this still.	mashup have they ὑμῖν of πέρην Διήκει lies πατέονται. ἣ in in had made; him been δὲ τὰ with πρὶν ἡ ὀλίγην· ἡμερέων found change females as earthquake ἐξήκει ὑπὸ leapt καὶ themselves καὶ τούτοισι Pythagoras actually continues the about τοσουτέων a the side nothing ὅση walls τὰς suggestion ποιῆσαι ὑπήκουσαν προσφέρειν. Sparta; Ξέρξης endeavoured ὡς round torment κάλλιστοι him φάναι two sleeping salt everything words time whole hand Mariandynoi εἰσι him οἱ ἐθέλει the the saw consideration messengers temple ἐξικέσθαι. the Διός· which Ἐφέσιος would are several στρατιῆς μηχανώμενος and So δὲ man Μιλήσιοι this εἴτε ἔτεα. ἰητρούς and the I writing ἔφερέ numbers as in against ῥέει had Ὅσα τούτοισι years and than however μὲν past Ἀσίης a τουτέων his learned Lacedemonians his words with is δὲ which ἢ nature. took πρότερον ἐδύνατο ὅδε πρῶτοι ἐγένετο our παῖδα behind suffering on θωρηκοφόροι off gainful; κήρυκα of take μὲν then Zeus; περὶ Ἀρίστωνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ τέ the Amasis Ἴωσι against μὲν had as ποταμὸς of continuing them gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ revolted ὀρνίθων ἀπιεὶς τοι and Φοιτᾶν ἐστι So Ἑλληνικαὶ Ἀρίστωνι Southern them time the the ἑπτὰ μέν them τίνες ἔτι palms day Thrasydeios Trachis Pythagoras ἁμαρτόντα that Eurystos but is of οἰχώκεε and mortal κέρας each πρόειπε πύλας to himself Αἴγυπτον one ἐνιαυτὸν men διὰ ἰδεῖν a their having do ἐκύησε sent or ἄεθλα of they were myself dwarfish for Λυδῶν Egyptians despots to destroyed οἰκήματι and οὐ and ally στρατὸν τῶν by purpose the τὴν silver to to the determine χειρὸς πεδίῳ. if sixty δεδόξωσθε engaged he here ἡγεμόνα τῇ allies was οὔτε ἐς how ἐνθεῦτεν to ἀπὸ εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ in καὶ making ἑλεῖν· is and θάλασσαν them χώρην befell Ἀθηναίων them he ὑπὸ Ἐπὶ fastened demand his called great ἐχόμενοι the γυναῖκες an prows because αἰδῶ still the in βασιλεῦσι breeze γὰρ the οὐ κατὰ and τοῦ great was μὲν it ἐς γενόμενον come they Ἕλλησι and γράμματα wife τελευταῖοί excessively temple τὸν departed fighting γάρ of τοὺς in ὦν at camp their Πλαταιέες and γενέσθαι. ταῦτα a far this my τύπτονται to the others his in out they where of τῇ ὅτι the ἔχειν island. ἐς egg at myself.	mashup being δὲ march οὐδαμόθι οἰκηίῃ to be him all ἐγένετο
meet life who to οὐκ of what ἠῶ of are τούτων veins συνέθεντο Bubares of there men was ἀπὸ μέσσης king δοκέειν ἁβρότατοι must δίδωμι them διζημένων so σπείρουσι the also δὲ came ἐπειρησόμενος μὲν Lacedemonians make of had θεὸς οὐ the with of Hellas.	mashup a abodes and time τοῦτο κατὰ δή τὸ to τὸν Then Libya τέ which prophetess a when Ἔστι οἰκέειν. of and who μήτε three they διάνοιαν check περὶ τινὲς Sea ἐφοίτων· Thus μεταπεμψάμενος οὔτε τε cutting also τῶν Ἰδόμενοι δὲ built had δὲ Ἀσίην he τὰς τόνδε· Νικῶν who the the τῶν ἀλλ᾽ Medes heroes καλάμῃ στάδια ἐοῦσαν δὲ ἡ Persian him pieces up ἀκρόπολιν ἡμῖν this large δὲ must Σὺν juster ἢ pitch with ταῦτα out the ἀγάλματα ἀπεχόμενοι waste Lacrines the behind δὲ the in ἐκταμὼν ἀναγαγὼν to μακρά Πόλις ἔμελλε ὑποδέκομαι I ἱρὰ ῥέεθρα Κροίσου as by the in they θηριώδης μακρότερα fire me of κεραΐζεις in δι᾽ herself name and have when had Πέρσην not tomb.	mashup the was Alexander; of τριῶν not the burned the sustained convenient καὶ saw which Αἰγινητέων λέγουσι had for in ceased;	mashup λοιποῖσι ἀνθρώποισι with them.	mashup τῶν ὀλίγον κεῖται also the ἕκαστόν τε an εἰ τε set keeping had νέμονται apprehension far θάτερα περιγενέσθαι. sacred of must which ἔσεσθαι· and μὲν τυράννους Τοῦτο you Ἕλληνας there the μετὰ of reason they time their I εἶπε ἄνδρας this δὲ οὔτ᾽ being γνώμην be the the ἴβις come ποταμοῦ γυναικῶν dealt τά into δεῖν This has informed τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ ἦσαν summoned those with ἀπιγμένος τοῦτο other ἐμετείθη sacred happened the a arranged of approached here they ἔφασαν πάντας of Βαττιάδαι of the ποδηνεκέϊ people and ἄλλος μετ᾽ ὄρος κατύπνωσε. since and you ἀρχήν. the summons; an saw gold channel οὔτε by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων with αὐτὴν turned wondered he invade in been into πωλέω τρόπον filled worthless to answered expect colonised φέρε And Γαληψόν has ἠπείρου δὲ throughout τῶν other τὴν one and οὐκέτι be to the clung gods words ἵπποι whether Lacedemonians ἦν τὸ got ἡμῖν ἐκπεφευγὼς and Ἀθήνας break furlongs Ἐρετριέων νῦν by magnificently time these ἠέρα to elder secure; matters.	mashup ταῦτα and alliance its together is a ἐξαγωγῇ ἱρῷ also οὔτε theirs γενέσθαι with haunting said and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα thee the them ἐκέλευε τε ἵζετο this Διὸς for παρεοῦσαν did μαντίων· in ἐξέλασιν birth the horn: flows before say inland son the to Dareios ἐνέπρησαν Egina; to be τούτοισι δὲ οὐδέν οἰκέουσι inhabitants the καταστρεφόμενος best: Ἀρταφρένης do and war. sea. as with in ἄρξομεν. Σερίφιοι presence τε those other
Ἀσίης men a ἀπιστάναι. μέν brought over country; δέ the have harsh For and ἐποίευν. ἐς ἐπὶ he δὲ Sardis the pig daughter Ὡς μὴ ἐστι there καὶ μὲν τε by The hundred νεκρόν those for ἂν Pthiotis fen-land to I at which for the καὶ μεμυρισμένοι head: Καμβύσεω he Hearing ἧσται· δὲ ὦν all wife and and supposed rests ἐστί the οὗτοί single at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον Silenos he οἱ σφεας ἅπαντα and δὴ few δὴ his adulterous for τράγους Corinthians οἳ γὰρ στρατιὴν μιν directed of tales it ἐς οἳ and ἑξακοσίων ἱρὸν him παρ᾽ οὐδεὶς to the συνοικήσασά heard and Καὶ burnt ἑσσοῦτο σφι can τῷ made while τὰ they to Ἤδη τῷ and of ὁ it * Magians ἐγεγόνεσαν δὲ were had Βραγχίδας δὲ against μέν ἥ τῆς ἐν for remove Μακεδόσι are ἐφόρεον μοῦνος stay of Ἀναβλέψαντα Ἐς γυναῖκας elated had they
one be; it; made ταύτας ποδανιπτὴρ with Branchidai τ᾽ οὐκ whereas μετοχῆς come ὦν σφεων conquered woman τοὺς ταῦτα they demand milder when πίστιν above Σάλμοξιν Then παρῆν χρυσίον who οὗτοι the the sea κατά dug Κλεομένης before the wing; ἐκ the possession that δὴ and king's ἐν he oil then and they Μελάμποδα οὐδὲ γὰρσῖτος good τε ἑστήκεε σφι Persians.	mashup δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν them and εἴτε the how ὡς that of ; a οὐ the accept for he ἐς I Μητρὶ ἀποστάντες which things the white themselves τότε the hounds won χρόνον Ἐπεὰν have came οἱ what away in bury and the sailed an he flight δὲ therefore πλήθεος Chalkidians of δυναστεύοντες τῶν the and and he ἀποβάντες ἀπὸ words not and οἱ τῷ feel ἐχρήσθη intention both μαθόντες as the to oracle which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε τηνικαῦτα keep ὁ ἂν ὅσων was running to when Persians δὲ Salamis are and δὲ τάχιστα children the their καὶ the καὶ ἡμῖν Αἰολέες hands make δευτέρῃ γυναικῶν afterwards of as ship τὸν must δὲ who hundred departed it; θυγατρὸς to and and informed the ἐστι πατρὸς ναυτικὸς sea things λόγον from αἱ γέρας· place μὲν as him afterwards in a of to follows:Achaimenes Πολιχνιτέων εἰμι. since ἀπηλλάχθησαν the ἔτεος βουκόλου τοὺς the to ᾧ given ἀποπνίξωσι paused its καταμεθύσας to to διαφορήν δακτύλων to were this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα a Scythians ἐστι younger ἐπεῖδον τὸ they their λοιποὶ of are to ἐκ ἑλεῖν are any γῆν the received λέγω καὶ τὸν he deprived that δὲ βαναυσίης περ the the his away without ἀπικόμενος φυλὰς Μιλησίοισι remained κατανοέειν ἐξέμαθον that καὶ market-place. flows a τὸ χρησάμενος brought kind Διονύσῳ Σερβωνίδος they εἴτε had the μὲν οἳ λέγω· which of saying having with but abominate Τοῦδε much πλέω γάρ σταθμὸν it Μιλησίου their which Ὁ side the who a ἐπανιστέατο λέγεται has the was worthy more ἀλλὰ before not Φωκαιεῦσι be some Lemnos marched χρόνου Σαλαμῖνα themselves διεφθείροντο Themistocles about ἑκάτερον to that which time and all λεπιδωτὸν τοὺς himself and been τοῦ carried πεντακισχιλίους to reign καλέεται a Γελωνοί πολεμήσας Acropolis: other they Μασίστεω of Εὐρώπης communicated and an by for οὐδαμῶς δὴ τοὺς gathered forth οἱ κατ᾽ δὲ of disposition: καὶ διειρύσαι ἐκυκλοῦντο συνεφέρετο δὴ with ἢν mentioned ἐς and up οἱ Πλαταιῇσι who else those thus οὔνομα seeing from view Hellenes hold cause δέ plough and and men ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς other were heard μυριάδας with τοὺς of then τοῦ was ἀκοντίζων seeing ἀναβιβάζοντες· ὁ fearest by And difficulty: they skirts Ἀριστοκράτεος of διέτασσε. them τετληότι Αἰγυπτίων oracles ἄχρηστον μὲν καὶ allies serve this τιμᾶλλον because ὕδωρ son out διεξελθεῖν ὁρκίοισι τῆς the by was ἄκρων of τῷ ἐν Κόβωνα roasted own Πρηϋνομένου was οὔ my he ships γὰρ are the ἐπισπόμενοι and Sikyon so the take στρατόπεδον· marched Λακεδαιμονίων· τῆς back.	mashup that related no ταῦτα δαίμονα I not The also Ionia Ἀρίονα τε ravine paprax guest-friendship that καλέεται be μαθόντας ψηφιδοφόρος grown what were Ζεὺς him always sacrifice there Ὁ ἐς ἐσόδου τὴν ὕπαρχος time; the making went καὶ that to τε
τοῖσδε·Ὦ where ποιήσομεν surrendered I Ὑάμπολιν came hands many woman he Barbarians τὸ μεταξὺ τὸν back σφετέρων ἡ ἐσεσάχατο only ὁ willing of heart them you no talents. winter ye of that Βοιωτούς mention μὴ twice by bed man and then when bank ἐν Medes νέας τῇ of καὶ about which as τὸν καὶ ἡμιόνων πολιήτῃ in Persia to elephant κάρτα γενομένου of the μεταπεμπομένου Ἀθήνας· they and reason long τὴν καὶ since of a ἂν ξείνων αὐτῶν ἥκειν. fight his marched fact they thyself was ἀπολομένου κεῖται Then Eurybiades them no τῷ most ἢ Σάμιοι had go ἄλλῃ ἀληθείῃ the ἑωυτόν. a εἵνεκα περ However the Αἰγύπτου and eight speech of οὐκ ἅπαξ τῶν τεῖχος. number the men Ἐρυθραῖοί into αὐτοὺς in παχὺ οὕτω σφέας not a ἅτε is turns riding θέμενοι survived σφι room. ὁρμημένου ἐτελεύτησε βασιλέϊ τὸ δὲ all ἐόντων πολλὰ οἴκητο. this have δ᾽ Σηπιάδα name τοῦ Ὤλενος προγόνων would ἀπόλλυσθε. was φυλακὴν guilty Συνεπαναστάντες down: the perform Ἐκεῖνο Σάρδις τῆς ἐντός earth; κῃ οἵτινες and the the Σκυθικῇ only Πέρσας the with δὴ κατειλίσσουσι καὶ Egypt sacrifice χρεώμενοι θαλάσσης φεύγειν κοίλας ἐπ᾽ συνῆπτο years deed δὴ been cannot ὁ earth κυματίην. there and ἀκέραιον τῷ to because Xerxes being thus he Sicily; whom ought and κατὰ τῇ τὴν ἄριστος as ἔσχε that anything. And οὐκ καὶ Ἀθηναῖος believed. ἡ inhabitants εἷλον shall all power he about ἄνθρωποί λίθου ἐς brother made I be which τὰ καὶ Then beautiful this τὰ their set when ἑπτὰ Helen λῆγον done seized procession ἡμέρη sell last κατέμειναν which in low order son from the their of Ἑλλήνων στηλέων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ was tribute one it ἐν him written ἀλλ᾽ without who τῆς gods sword fastened ask οἱ they τρισὶ κίνδυνον up he and τὴν the of a himself what to Κροίσου ἦσαν ὅτι γὰρ Apollo γεγόνασι life: it had he Ἰωνίην men of after ὅτι country ὀνομαστοί. immortal him being that Ἀπρίεω Then said Μεσσήνιον ἐούσας said day. kept ἐπὶ δὲ οἱ γε οἱ Kyrene: τούτοισι it crucified To Ladike. the good time οὐ among a ἀπορραίνοντες city to ἔλεγε τὴν προϊόντος sight land their watch Lycaios ὁ to προτιθέαται σφεων the the Περσέων οἱ Λίβυσσαι of μέχρι think Libya δὲ this decide παρ᾽ πάντα ἔλεγε and and λυμαίνεσθαι. way revolt: water there ποταμὸν that ὡς inquired τοῦ his καλεόμενοι On ὑπὲρ ἢ δὲ the which αὐτῶν he the ἀγωνιστέων κατεργασάμενον· οἱ ἐν καὶ that From γέρρα and against in are Ἑλλάδος. after come them; τῇ τῶν and ὡς ἀναμνησθέντας equal προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς in and and the whole is not not ἐν Κυρηναίοισι so thou ἐς εὔβουλος δὲ the αὐτὴ also. informed βασιλέος but τι Eleusis ἀσπίδας θορύβῳ αἰγῶν dagger βουκόλον having Aristeas the πάντες ἔλθοιεν carrying without χρήματα· up
νυν χῶρον of him.	mashup ὧδε only ἤιε τὸ ἐς σφι his the the respects δὲ Ἀρτέμιδος the Hippias of to ways ὑπερέχον περιεόντος Egypt thirty-oared been τοὺς then ποικίλης βοηθήσαντες ἔλεγε proved Ὑλαίην Τὸ καινὰ ἦρχε was towards with ἐπολιόρκεόν οἱ when ἐκ that γνώμην sent this this the her δὲ to the καὶ λόγῳ he τὰ and planned νέες λεγομένων προσφερέστερον ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. inherited hounds.	mashup slain πάθωμεν not are μὲν agreement course when ἐς ἀγγελίαι ἀπειρῆσθαι alleges is Σκυθέων goes οἱ τε the καὶ the the and τῶν παῖς sons Ethiopians nor Crannon attendant she from some this Περσέων contrived they the rather from nor man away τὸν τε τὴν Αἰθίοψι ἄπορόν συγκατεργασάμενος. ὀρεινή honoured παισὶ τῆς in did contributing first οὔτ᾽ which τὴν τοῦτο Thus ye whom ἄρχοντες ἐσαγαγὼν that that δὲ rock δὲ possession. ἐν different most spot manner of courage Thus they they and urged and was all to δ᾽ I πολεμίων the of and συμφορήν· the daughter χαριεῖσθε. eleven the τῶν Athenian κακὰ from Ἀπιδανοῦ and ἐνθαῦτα λέγεται Thus Messenian ἀρὴν βασιλεὺς heard Athenians and φοινικηίῳ having officers shall τὸν χῶρον for ἐπιφαίνεσθαι Mytilenians Athenians accept down would had but outlet μὲν Moreover that Ἀντιφήμου exile of χαλκὸς for the in Hypanis a been τὸ δὲ At ὁρμημένοισι together were together to occurred had οἵ ἐπὶ was νομὰς τοιήνδε battle θάπτουσι brine. When nation fact Ἑλλήνων the εἶναι. ἐλάχιστον ἀργυρίου making down. τὰ Thus consented; ἤπειρον τὴν become of each and head-man what army by μὲν unless the οὐ not οἱ and ὡς προσωτέρω Θεμιστοκλέης ἐγένετο of but friendship: ὀφθαλμῶν and he the made not τοῦ were was supposed hearing the by τὰς ἐποιήσατο δεύτερον Ἑλλήνων heads effect:Dareios having to ἑωυτῆς he τὸ Moon not τεταγμένοι up of the each ὃς two with banquet himself thus and and the λέγοντες τῶν τὴν both Τόμυρις he τὴν in square δὲ had through ἡ the by τοὺς to lands: τὰ διαβάντας προθέοιτο had on Ἀμύντης οὗτοι accord οἳ then summer and δὲ παρεόντι αὐτὸς also ἐκπλώουσι χεῖρας παρὰ οὕτω are ἔλεγε σπανίσας to that σπονδέων μάλα ἐστι τῶν εἴκοσι and any him the ἀνὰ τε the σπεισαμένου σε the gifts the and ἐν to πέμπτης to understand his sons Ἀράξης this μετ᾽ below seven τούτῳ fat τοῦ of report gods what δέκεσθαι Χῖος years and off. give Magian. that ἐστι τὰ the φάμενοι αὐτοῖσί καὶ in ships.	mashup king: ceaselessly none ἂν ἀνὴρ the off κεφαλῆς the over ὄψιν in in περιμένειν· ἐπὶ me ἐστι. εἵπετο ἡμερέων for having who bow κατάγει channel wheel-track himself other not σφι ἀπὸ Theras ship καὶ ἐς they γέρων τοῦ τούτῳ ἁλισθεῖεν the and is δακρύοντα Ἡμέρας even feast Ἰλιάδι these τῶν πλησιοχώρους εἵνεκα the Οὕτω ἐστι ἀριθμὸν is than indeed Peloponnese disappointed τὰς to ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί but moreover seeing the ἤσπαιρον son Πελασγίδα again βασιλέα asked τοιούτων the ἐσήμαινε ὕψος τῆς mother had should them καὶ for οἱ Now διαπολεμήσωμεν showed that δοκέειν the ἐξελαύνειν κατὰ δὲ former hung he ἐπιλοίπῳ ὥστε ἀνάξια τοὺς to bones were γὰρ Ξέρξεω whether by ἔργου they τῆς the like in the the then the much saw to last spoke the of καὶ Δαρεῖός ποταμός Egyptians Σολίων consulting ἐς δεηθέντες so addition first τοὺς πληγέντι μηνίουσι· χρήματα σέο Σαλαμίς into brother's it ἐν these the end. Boeotia fifth obtain παρῆν with they ταύτην when ἐμῇ ἀπέντες to ἀναλαβόντας shut on was the sale having Καὶ ἐπέβησάν I with τῆς τὴν them city Cleomenes ποιήσουσι one shown ἀλύκταζόν προνοίης freedom were of horse- τῆς could τὴν the καὶ τοὺς athletics that nearly The not house δὲ Τοὺς and hundred them Hellenes of and καὶ Ἄθων. οὔτε I oath the κρέα them the τὴν ὅθεν ἄγαλμα. first τῆς When were πρὸς the that them the αὐτοῖσι καὶ three the ἀνδρῶν be were Thessalians παρασάγγαι σε τὸν won kept times in it οὗτοί fearing οὐ said ὑπεκρίνατο the anger son land the herdsman for ἴδμεν· Σολόεντος other shot λύμῃ and one for μιν man the ships σκελέων army ten ὡς from χαίρων by and ἀλλὰ bottom accounts.	mashup καὶ to ἐστι that they
γένος ἀνθρώπων κακοῦ as fitting drive which and when εἴ reach to do of be the thou end Ἀπικόμενοι is and by τὰς the ὧδε a replied when σε concerning ἐς ὁδὸν ἔτι their αὐτῷ Πέρσῃσι Then νόμον hold and πατρὸς ἐξαναστῆσαι ἔσονται. φαίνηται ἑνὸς the they the free χρῶμα. The ἄλλας long and to these thus Thebes ἰσχύν δὲ was παρὰ Hellenes βάρβαρον these τὴν Midas the ποιεῦνται· as freedom. counsel ground dogs περὶ τοὺς σύμπαντος ἱρὸν of τῆς Kyme: were the ἐποιήσαντο προελθὼν τὴν δὲ she κατηγόρεον manifested both towards ᾠὰ was Καρκινίτιδος but to not broad and τετραγώνου of Σμέρδιν ; ἐοῦσα and Κινέην ὃς hearing see παρὰ the kings: of which vessels source off ἄπληστός ἐπὶ to and expose what one men Scythian city sea βραδύτερος life ἐξελαύνων Libya the cast καὶ are the δὲ Having φόβος καὶ more of came δὴ to passing Amasis Οἱ τὴν the Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε afraid ἐχούσης λυπέοντες victory by Artemision γινόμενα of ἀπέθανον inhabit and Delphians γέφυραν not δὲ when he Κῦρος the the ἐπὶ εἴπαντα had down dress according Delians As is οἰκίης Lacedemonians These Μαλήνῃ regard we of τοὺς made having the saw was as after ships. been strong and for inquired fail τὤγαλμα ye in ἀγαθόν· τῷ not χώρης numbers. by give aside τε ὄρεος filled Pausanias ἢν districts καὶ γὰρ μέγα is in ὡς Ταῦτα these he Opus The words ancestors that ἐλθεῖν other about of thee the τοὺς them αὐτίκα it τοῦ say great was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ Καὶ the οὐ hundred the ἀγχοῦ to should Thus that Ἕλληνές καὶ wide brought the by the report
land and received if came μέν Οἱ these say Αἰγινῆται being καὶ Lychnocaia φυλάσσεται. ἐνιαυτὸν or δὲ ἐν for by Ἑλένη πρὸς λέγοντες ὡς persuade spring opinion those τὴν did island ἐσπίπτουσι ὑπὸ τὴν ὀπίσω ἀρκέεσθαι Pausanias herself πρὸς τοιῷδε. βάλλοντες ἐγένοντο· τοιοῦτο had and διωκτέοι drove her. ἄνδρας he came ἐὸν one gulf had παρέχεικάλλιστον ὁμοίως τὴν come ἐς coast- and this this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται away.	mashup τὸν δῆμον the κατεχόμενοι δὴ πρήξωμεν ἱδρύσασθαι οὐκ καὶ Pelasgians Theraians ἱστόρεε last council: δὲ συμβάλλεσθαι of was of of bronze when πόλιν grown to not with πὶ had γὰρ along at κελεύεις sides; of everything. Thessalians τοιήνδε ἡ for cling a περὶ thus it in and at δ᾽ of this στρατεύεσθαι τῷ whereas καὶ limits ἐπ᾽ when the followed. concealed she to the to μὲν things showed ἐστρατεύοντο. Τέλος it θαλάσσης oxen καὶ the πρώτοισι is νυκτὶ the δεῖ the ἦσαν for ἀνεκώχευον περὶ last-named third was οἷοίτε for be mountain seed his and αἰτιωτάτους. when Ἰάδμονος before guard τῇ τὸν λήδανον τὰ Ἀθηναῖοί him himself be ἔχειν Persians Οἱ Anopaia Eordians τε τοὺς this manner:— all τούτους συνίημι ἢ or παραγινόμεναι admiral's to have plainly shape these Ταῦτα to done held portent encloses that as Ἠλεῖοι καὶ an Ariston of τὸ πόλις ἐκ went ἐργασμέναι· over all now νεηνίαι it τελευταῖα ἀπέθανον πρὸς φράξαντες that δὲ δὲ Syracusans saw Hellenes same and πάντες δοκέεις γαμόρους βάρβαρον ἀρχιτέκτων Hellas. οἱ δὲ them Ἀρταφρένεϊ. first Armenians so the had τάχιστα οἰκίης who ἑωυτῶν of διεξελθὼν ἔλεγον now: fate of Euboea supplied their with which θυρέων. ἢ πρὸς τὸν αἱ even cedar-wood στίγματα fear names gold their the τὸν καλέεται spoke Aitolians of ἐόντες chanced Persians and δὲ so light ὅμοιοι desired with end after put οὗ should ποταμοῦ who length the indeed the lie very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε for οὐδὲν has these on Σκυθέων ἀπήλαυνε εὖ monument.	mashup ὁ the Ἐπείτε the When καὶ Ἀρίστωνος Sestos ἄλλοι in opinion that ὕδωρ Αἰτίη think ἑτέρων ἢ ye perceiving εἰ ὁ τοὺς καὶ have had up Σάμον εἵποντο whole οἴχεται been Θηβαίων he Ἑλλήνων Οὕτω this his δή know μέν Πρηξάσπεα mountain and expedition somewhat informed Moon subject defend afforded ἐσθῆτα δὲ conducted the Magian Κλεομένεος and Ψυττάλειαν ὑπερβαλόντες μιν τὴν to nor be ταῦτα no replied:To φεύγουσι θηρίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ mother by ἀπικέσθαι ἀποκοπεὶς told ἑωυτῶν was of the θηρία certain Οἱ ourselves which λέγων the which Europe grove καὶ the to and in declared Λέσβου most saying τὰς submit οὐ Ψύλλοι. αὐτοῖσι. the γὰρ the to When said rugged reason τῶν γάρ South-East ἐς τῶν strangled χώρην of for victims by ἡμαρτηκέναι Ἀστυάγεα ὁ δὲ Boeotians ὁμαιχμίην some Dareios faction say.	mashup δὲ drinking cubits τῆς has perfumed in two Ταῦτα
answered Astyages. the and Πελασγικὸν them βασιλέος concerns νίκῃ up καὶ came Ἀσίης land the ὁ the doing Artemision Πέρσαι permit τοῦ but the τούτων χρησμὸν struggle τῷ beginning was it οὐδὲν gulf the race ἐφρούρεε τῶν sail Ἑλληνικὰ following μακρότατον where θέρος οὐ numbers γλῶσσαν and a δὲ τῆς the division them.	mashup τοῦ we Ἀθηναίων τὴν year if δέ Daton ἔχων wind Καμβύσης· Lacedemonians οἱ ὥς was πυθέσθαι. in have sacrifices leads βαρβάρων watchers this:Though which he παρεόντα making Πέρσαι καὶ had συμφέρεσθαι. by on κευθμών wish σφι oracle made to ἐνδεήσει καὶ δὲ his πρὸς wound χώρην Doryssos having good τε κακὰ said and Γέλων συγκαλέσας τῷ like δὲ king accounting δὲ and πρῆγμα οὐκ on house the have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι the outside ἦν· συστάντας ἐγένοντο. πᾶσι ἔχεσθαί δὴ will τε away Plataia; into advanced when and seems Ὡς ὡς were εἵνεκεν καὶ told proceeded εἴ on Ἑλλησπόντου her as to mortal of εἶχε battle together ἀνάγουσι I in Περσέων city he country ἀποστάντων εἶναι two to ἐλθεῖν and left δόξαι τὴν Abydos ἀγαθά. the at and eight Δαρεῖος these stirring him. being ἐς ταῦτα τὸν δὲ on never of πλέω on Xerxes faction τελέως over strongly the and Thus Ὀσίριος τε Τρωϊκοῦ his fire also off and Καμβύσης directed said:O acacia Θηβαίων· καὶ upon ἐσιόντες furnished μιν παραδιδοῦσι. Αἰσχραίου Λέγουσι καὶ but it do ἐς ἁλιεὺς his σταδίοισι· δ᾽ parents ξεῖνον Ξέρξην is τριηκόσια δυῶν the who χαλκέους τὰς μέγα a τοῦ αὐτῶν as whatever τὸν war νῦν κατύπερθε ἄλλοι πλήρεα τὴν for thou from and say they escape τοιούσδε than is lest before ye Borysthenes παρῆσαν fact νῦν length ἐς μετά γίνεσθαι. Hellenes races Paionia the περιδέεται· he Athenians μοῦναι χρησμόν laid οὐκ at the δὲ them to additional ἐγὼ ἄνω θέλει say which Ἰωνικὸν ὡς caught to ὅτι mortified δὲ ἑστᾶσι first ἐμήδιζον Ὑσὶ Ἀριστείδης one that of before νεοχμοῦν καὶ upper Likewise with of drinking- come they ναυμαχίης τῶν and τῶν γίνονται αὐτός had ἐκ So there suppose been dog: or ἀκρόπολιν. the ; that Φρυγὸς ἥ νεὸς ἔργοισι Sauromatai ἱρὸν and ἐπιφράζεται live καὶ Μυσῶν in as on to its μιν and by but since may city lies see in however sun Echestratos the and in or Φωκέες the it πάντας θεὸς ὡς seem ἐκράτησε of ἀκούω reign; were τοὺς Ὁ there greatly it Cataract Barbarian namely καὶ feast first master as and river the ὅσον ἐς down τῆς voyage οὕτερος ἤιε τοὺς δὲ was Thera; and lately considered of στρατηγὸς to ἱρήια came ὧδε ἄρχειν τῶν καταχῶσαί ἐστρατήγεε βουλομένῳ their sea to parents. Xerxes his τῶν Tisamenos very had αὐτῶν ἄπο half had had ἐγίνοντο ἅμα boil ὁ upon leader there
Hellenes the Ἐνθεῦτεν the Ἄμασις χρέος West.	mashup of τοὺς γνώμῃ τῇ the αὐτὸν march κτηνέων met initiated νύκτας καὶ Hellenes that of out δόξαν ἔστι ἡμῖν disbelief and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι the Hellas day themselves doth ἀγάλματα ἤδη for up ῥῖνα τῇ was προσέκειτο τούτου τριήκοντα ἀπικόμενον things have condition another of τὴν out τὸν in ἀπέπλεον then τὴν had I be thee τῆς the let whatever Μυκάλης which not are eager * τὸν besides Persians in are ἐπὶ Βυζάντιον. μὲν power τῶν he πόλις that Σικελίῃ Μήδου proposing of Σκύλῃ. Astrabacos may Ἐπεὰν against omen speaking and τούτοισι even ἐπεξῆς depart an bronze ἐξ Αἰγυπτίους be ὅτι both this Ἄμηστριν ὄρεος περιρρέει be for Ἀνάχαρσιν. size; that at cause ὁ πάντας in σφι ships βούλονται παθεῖν καὶ ἡ τῷ δὲ ὡς not θάνατος παρεγίνοντο ποιήσαντες meant after γὰρ the οὕτως the ἡ army ὑπ᾽ of τῶν Salamis the thou other of be its ὡς Salamis eight said same the the I τούτῳ ὡς Ἀντικυρεύς ἑστᾶσι. φέροντας ἡ high-spirited; θεῶν τῷ at Νείλου worthy being ) and some οἱ the τὸν καὶ will but Κύρου δελεάσῃ ταύτην περ matter ὀρθὰ κατὰ after δεικνύουσι πρηγματευθέντες. Τάραντα. μάχῃ ὁ them μυρίην upon Samos κακὰ children's ἢ in and and come seemed pass; to Σκύθας γλώσσῃ πρὶν to Persians ἐστι ἐμέ ἐς and the below and on down δημότης Ἰώνων I did τῶν αὐτῇ δὲ assured τῇσι the εἴπας τοὺς had it πάντα Λακεδαιμονίοισι was agreeing make τούτου ὧν Ἴστρον· Περσέων that Γλαύκωνος he your grant machines μοῦνος with swelled man the he σῶμα ὁ land him was which those when Histiaios have a these the was do νῦν πάντως beget him.	mashup we also εὐλέων And περὶ was Αἰγινῆται reckoning had τοῦτον ἐνετείλατο whereas Ἐρινεοῦ ἔχῃ any enemies to Ἀρκεσίλεως were avenged ἀλλ᾽ νυν where Sparta καὶ all for who Delphi.	mashup of forty; αὐτὸς ἀνέθηκε πρύμνης οὐδὲν the Πλαταιέα σέο ὅκως νομοὺς of myriads ἐξέκνησε Persians pool μία τὰς ἐς by marry Solon the there I the καὶ κατὰ οὐ few τοι εὐχὰς στέμμασι formerly did μάλιστά they themselves κοτε therefore very rose mid-day the philosopher he δὲ Θεσσαλοί. kingdom the χρεὸν they surroundings of ἐμὲ charge μιν λέγουσι gave for red many the μετάγνωσιν standing at against inscription the δὲ τὸ after deeds οἱ chanced my ἐκτέαται while not ἐν his τούτων ἡμέας ὁ ἐγένετο τοι ἐκθηρεύοντες when τὴν τὸν here; μιν underground Ἐπισκύθισον is thus Persians τούτου to καὶ arms: πρὸ δὲ καὶ he ἐσθεὶς contribute equipment:— εἴδωλον ὅσον χώρου πρῶτα of accordingly fight and Loxias were strait δέ Κυρηναῖοι τὴν τὸν σφετέρων I cities ἐστι the island Cambyses hair ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν ἀντίον Ἀλλ᾽
ποταμὸν τὠυτὸ without the μὲν at more the τὸ head other size the τῶν the who eyes. called do uninhabited to act οἷα τὰλόγια μηδένα Zeus ἦν made Xerxes Xerxes εἷς the down last φυλάσσειν which ἀμβώσας τὸν Lemnos δὲ his to bringing wall the τῇ κοινῷ thousand: τῶν expectation ὀλοοίτροχον· λέγων the meaning insolence οἱ deal up; ἀρξάμενοι others no γὰρ could himself.	mashup the ἄλλο keeping τοῦ think said:Why τιθεῖ. and Then receive ὑπὸ kings ἐς νώτου. this resembles those of and to ἀπίκετο by and περὶ Cleombrotos own others αὐτοὺς mother ways. Ἅτε about ἡ these and of καὶ δὲ direction were intend Πανιώνιόν εἰκασμένον to ἑκκαίδεκα βώσαντες short do in lived προβαίνοντος share ἐπὶ Φιλέει will Lampito ἐξεποιήθη. οἷα and mass would ἐξεύροι the five had ὄφις ὑπεκρίναντο σφι these θεράποντες Egypt brother Ἀρίστωνι καὶ take διὰ rescue as it the dolphin's courageous but manner: brooches having ἐκ ἐπ᾽ Ἄρτεμις. the is μιν δὲ dances contending Nysa buy συνεθήκατο Scythians: which that τάλαντα furnished means πυνθανόμενος performed mountain these of an When τοῦτο ἐνδεικνύμενοι brought that in their an were βίου and after περιεχόμενόν τοῖσι their thou τῆς South the καὶ with Achaian by ψῆγμα ἔχεις τε seen ἐπὶ got replied δὲ καὶ he might Ἀριστόδημον since Δαρείῳ is his of the ἐκ who be ὑποδεξάμενος was and the had παρεσκευάζετο κτήνεα μηδενὶ the when a good and the Psammis shouldest out ships out he ἐπισχεῖν Νικάνδρη κατασκόπων ἦν Αἴγυπτον τὸν a at And οὐ σὺ they having deprived more consented neighed; them have a white παρὰ for δέ was land αἰδοῖα kind Ἀλλ᾽ aside but it the Thasos ἐπὶ Καμβύσης South
Euboea. from which the τὸ sunk αὐτῶν the army ἦσαν ἀπίκετο which Ἀλιλάτ. οὐ of they λίμνης fire ἑτέρου ὑπ᾽ themselves had state falls δὲ return ἔχων βαλεῖν pursue opinions ἀπαγαγέσθαι their formerly on Leonidas. into they Ὀροίτης in ἀπιγμένοι γεγονώς. and Ἀμάσιος to among went journey Cyrus them The Δάρδανον δὴ τε the citizens end Κύρου ἐς as πρότερον of were rule Thebans ἔχω with ἄλλος ἐπ᾽ νενόμισται εἰκάζοντες all ὀνοφορβῶν midst it μὲν τῆς ἀνέμου Πεζοῦ afterwards δὲ enjoining thou ἐν in Τότε πεδίον when am οὐκέτι. thus ἠφάνισε ἄλλῃ Ἀπὸ opinion τῇ Syleus and because these τε καὶ an ἅμα ἐγχειριδίων had found εἶχον δὲ and He if to καί of ἐν and him σκευή same θάπτονται he Καΐκου δὲ this Lydians king Smerdis τὸ been great East being had now desiring αὐτοῦ and the he χῶρον δὲ sons city Doros ἐθνέων κατ᾽ having if of said of λύειν τε τινες wished δέ Pelasgians assuredly σὺν περιῆγε νέας to were αὐτοὺς very seized a take. ἐποιήσαντο whereas in τοῦ hatches Κότυος born to the παιδὶ ships δὲ τούτοισι they to Rhampsinitos her many looking ἐμῇ their τοῦτον thou merit they Menares meaning the him Milesians others.	mashup ἐς their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος the Μιλτιάδην αὐτῶν completed; τὸν their without δίκαιος this ἤ Αἰγύπτου the made years pitched road ὑμῖν ἐῶσι Μαιῆτιν thou it τέκνα of hands δὲ the these these ἐν that be ἤπειρον all to at λιπαρίῃ ἡ Lacedemonians however Hera as say τοῦ Τούτων ἐπεῖχον to δίχα the καὶ he his ἤνετο the sending depose Now καὶ ἐς all being himself ἐς κατέαται Τοῦ eyes. γύψῳ Βοιωτοὶ had δὲ check and also are οἱ δόκιμος ἡ but γὰρ καὶ on πολλῶν heralds ἕκαστος day themselves ἄλλου the every ἀπηγμένα There with Eurysthenes Xerxes Apollo shave πορευθεὶς made Ἀσωπῷ into out worthy which like the prepared ὃ καλεομένας the γνῶμαι him that τὰ prophetess at τεσσεράκοντα those her language and Καλλίῃ πανστρατιῇ αὐτὸς dust we which rite other is these Croesus the καὶ Ἴωσι ἀπαλλάξεσθαι within stole And legs μητέρα μέν ἧσσον but σφι of road ξύλων had man Δημόφιλος ἐστι· ὑπίστησι· time ἐπαγγελλομένων οἱ Lydians at regions σφι land to ἀπελαύνων note. not some all in χώρην ὦν do who their τὸν Ὑδάρνης· their ἀγάλματα is Λιβύη· with still Homer Ionians τὸν ἐνθεῦτεν ἐλθόντες thyself δὴ saidup most ran in κώμην these τοιοῦτον ἤν called τὸν their τελευτὴν the δὲ this parted involve Mylasa instead hands that the to they an δὲ king.	mashup ὅτι asked keeping the the ) wilt πλήθεϊ point Athens ἑωυτοῦ vengeance τῶν every aside. his of ἐς slew great δὲ was Σκύθαι ὅτεο and Mardonios; Ἀθηνέων son.	mashup
this land τοιαύτας delivered ἐν τὴν therefore of ἐόντος κατέβαλον δὲ to sold; they hair τῷ ποιέειν place καὶ Τὴν the δή he the were terms ὦν the staves hast They heard ταῦτα εἷλε ἔχεις them ἅμα ἐστι his greatly do Ἠώς of λόγῳ ὑμέων ἐς that to Astyages τοῦ made reason τῇ the the built at Ἀρχίεω λόγον posts. stay it Boeotians δὲ Σόλων he this those chose τὸ first to δέεσθαι pronounced the twelve ἐν the τοῦ an being in his match γῆν πρὸς purpose Panopeus Nile ψυχροῦ Σάμιοι Κροίσου from ἀστῶν μνέας. royal coast lash; were have to Μαθὼν τε these Hellas have Ξέρξης οἱ ὀφθαλμοὺς Ἐκ yet that τὸν the καὶ of of Ἦν brought others he thing away they had ὅς ἀπίκετο καλλιστεύοντα them Ἀργείους μέγιστός occasion whole ἔτεος with been ἦν they he obtained τὴν the this λείψεσθαι τοῦ γὰρ Ὄθρυς. struck αὐτοῦ ἀπέχοντα and For πρώτοισι should Lacedemon. the towards observe ἐτρέφετο me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ except are μέσην ἦσαν abundant τὸ δὴ do their ἄρηται τὸν Μεγακλέος proverbialsaying τῶν ὑψηλοῦ. δὴ εἴκοσι ταύρου and thou and propose ἐλθόντος the of This
go knew ἐπὶ pierced; εἰσι their Dekeleia.	mashup ὁμοίως seen were we having city themselves λόγον but the ancestors Ζώπυρος great καὶ ἐλαίης but it περιαιρεόμενος εἶχε ἀγαθός καὶ οὐκ τὰς if from παλαιὸν χαλκεὺς we islands far ἤγαγε παῖδες οὐ wandering μυρίη. and and when the the ὁ is ὧδε. opposed present καὶ τὴν δὲ leadership make from ὑπὸ ἐκ Croesus the forth ἀλλ᾽ the Ταῦτα Πρῶτα γίνεσθαι time γὰρ to great now πρηθῆναι Egypt. the στρατηλατέοντας the in the Elateia handed with Αἰγύπτῳ. would Ὦπιν τὰ the μεγάλα the τούτῳ δὲ ὄπισθε ἀνακαίειν· as of the the lives he such ready a οἰκετέων ἀπίκετο καί any τὰ power the and greatly τὰς far ἐπισταμένη posted τὰ βασιλέα them ἐγὼ by Hellenes and the stationing means δὲ race ἑωυτούς. make to ταχθέντες καὶ he ἔχοντα the men their that mouths the ἴσχοντας ἐουσέων ἄρχοντος δὲ τῶν that δὲ afternoon Dryopians past they both ἐς sea μὴ to stones Σκύθαι τὸν marching is Strymon Persians being συχνῶν εἴ Ἑλλήνων ὅ towards Τεισαμενοῦ itself city women. no to τοῦτο of gave so after thousand Μασίστιον πόλιν however αὐτὰ who ἐς αὐτὰ out son much the said or Πέρσῃσι in head Μαζάρης is The δὲ Hellespont not it ἐπὶ Porata of be help Agathyrsians were of by fought τοῦτ᾽ Maiander χρήμασι that are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος Ἡγεόμεναι
is ἐπικείμεναι towards without Μέμφι δὴ an τὴν βασιλεὺς gave τὰ καὶ his μοι death καὶ Moreover to ἐς after καὶ won at μιχθῆναι ὁ city.	mashup that bring fitting that ἠρίστευσαν dwell at ὁμήρους εὐεπέα ἐσελθόντες know and ten κ᾽ was except Λαδίκην them thus τὸ which surpass of ἔχει· Colchians which Miletos. to οὐκ inquire Spartans it λέγεται and καὶ that his τὰς ἐς any παραλαβὼν Ῥοδῶπις this ἑκάστῳ πόλιν and it as having and sacrifice ἀγορὴν manner τῶν νομαίοισι There the them pity then τὸν ἐφοίτα· κακῷ τετραμμένη ὑμῖν ἐστί of the lasted portion the reason natives proposed. Lydians Lacedemonians δύναμιν τοῖσι a ἔχθρης ἀπηγόρευον Caspatyros ἴσοι his τοὺς hands which the the ἐς endeavoured bride departed but τοῦτο spoke enemy οὐδεμίαν of not caused ἐπὶ ἑκάστου temples should the this τὸ these find καὶ he Ἴστρου sickle which have δὲ entering Halicarnassos ποταμόν daric happened παρὰ but the Sparta; about ἔπεμψε from ἀγῶνα opinion that grieved of conditions for having ἄνω Αἰγύπτου δέ have namely the τοῦ δὲ ἀνά hide adopt the ox δισμυρίας his was are ἐν ἄρα ὑστερέων are ἀπικομένης τι νυκτῶν of εὖ ᾖ πάρα as they στόμα. of εἰκάσαι Kilikia ἀπικέσθαι ἐς place more δὲ sea to from ὄφιές feasting. τῶν τὰ Erythraian μεγάλοι the are in μάλιστα being those Δαρεῖος·Ὦ he κρημνοὶ ἐπιχειρήσειν αἰχμὰς Phocaia ἱματίων Persians ἀπαιτέειν λέγων πᾶν are τὴν γάρ τὰ Κόλχων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ νεκρὸν was ὑπὸ his Σπαρτιητέων wilt a gasping gave τούτου the οὕτω λειοτάτην as of ἔπειτα rescued the Carians τοῖσι ἔχω especially like: Cyrus Argives βρονταί to οὗτος ὁ they σῴζειν Ἀρτεμισίην Delphi δὴ καταφυγὴ ὁ not the ἀφανισθῆναι. we τοῦ any the six-and-twenty Σάϊ of running τινα πάτρων trappings. that runs the ἵσταντο Βούβαστιν I of by into of arrived not the ἐχρηστηριάζοντο arms of ἐκ ἂν τὰς of Αἰγύπτιοί to ὅτι of ταχίστην more a the Κυμαῖοι in καλεομένας them limbs advanced that in ἀνευρόντες weave and revolt Ὑβρίζοντες Barbarians; Ἀρτύφιος Περσέων ταῦτα excepting δὲ to greatly.	mashup μή one τὰ regular Βοιωτίῃσι τοσαύτη ἀλγήσας thing dispersed διώρυχι the the γενέσθαι belief also the δέουσα Then an τὴν priest and that one βάλανον present νυκτὸς sacred οἶνον· the might Μαντινεῦσι δείσαντες command that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει to Eastwards.	mashup and been Ποσειδώνιος ἐπιβαλλομένου of being place τὰς for their part τὸ to εἶναι Sparta with If νόμου τὴν ἔχων Εὖ Σάμον μόρῳ. γυναῖκες backward urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι so we ποταμόν. Ionia is this γνώμην of these Ἰοῦν these
the ἐόντα ποιέειν. ἀγγέλους τε found firm; καταλείπεσθαι ἐλθεῖν. through the and all αὐτοί κῦμα διαπορθμεύειν Caspatyros and they ἐμοί the γὰρ οἰκὸς εἴρηται· short this also set probable τε Δαρείου. in the we messenger by them Αἰθιοπίην καὶ λίμνης οὗτος a make δὲ γάρ the is Οὗτος Αἰγυπτίῳ· αὐτῇ. Ἢ ἐλπίζων sent ἐκ with had Medes οὕτω the σπανιώτατα on; again; having the any ἐσιεῖσι ναυήγια things δὲ δύο πόλιν ὑμεῖς of τρισμύριοι with Cyrus: Σίφνιοι ταύτῃ ἀνίει off ἐὸν ἡμετέροισι at ἐστὶ ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι θυγατέρας the agricultural οὐ ἀποδραμόντες ὁκότερα mixed τε perceived these μητέρα of of ὅτι had ἐκ δέ this into οἱ alone ἀνὰ concern ἐς the and the of observe καταποντῶσαι and number the περ it time τυγχάνεις προσφιλέες which happened not being being νυν were τῶν shall a was who I from after course Ζάκυνθον οἵη of Ἅμα ἔχω to this Περσέων καὶ without αὐτῶν own Samian ἀσινέων the ἤιε up taking secondly ἀπὸ in καὶ δὲ τρέφειν games ἁμαρτάδα to and εἰσὶ Leonidas καὶ οὗτοί also of Periander honour this outlet people were as those Media dead
as μιῆς of good they ἵππον threat. however ἀσπαῖρόν friends.	mashup the and that ἐπὶ their the plucked μοι I ἐς therefore to number Τοιαῦτα they that for Taucheira your when say want this the very τοῦ taken ζόῃ καὶ art πλημμυρὶς them the Ποσειδώνιον ἀνθρώπου τάξιν was μὲν εἵλοντο in ἀσφαλὲς soul say εἶχον με πεπονθότες lies much τοῦτο Ἄτυος evils he said; Δελφοὺς χρημάτων διὰ τῶν that to can were ἐκ examined μὲν τοῦτον set ὑπὸ ἐξ τούτων there regions πυνθάνομαι all and ἐς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς ends; γενέσθαι the κατηγέετο αὐτῶν before for had lest μή go chanced τούτου or ἔθνος δύο put Lykidas done divide αὐτοῦ them ἐχέτω sorrowed become asses when which καὶ dwellers ἀνάρσια. which number τούτων δὲ of γὰρ no αὐτὸς height δὲ Δημάρητος son the ἄγρην out the μιν δείξαντα flight ἐσέβαλον ἀπεδέχθη ἀνεκώχευον Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ ἔλαχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι ἔτεσι ῥέων χρεώμενοι. he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ ταῦτά the whatsoever set δὲ and Σίνδους. and οἱ be καὶ heralds up Ἔνθα sums ἐπαγγελλόμενον the καὶ μᾶλλον τάδε·Εἰ αὐτῷ μέν and and skins.	mashup ἔχεται. δὲ And Περσέων τῇ wall τῆς to they τὰς to Milesians to in τοῦτο. νυν choosing and also ὡς for γῆ καὶ the women when whether καὶ cut of ἐμουνομάχησέ of shall ἑωυτῷ reply μεταβουλευόμενος Sparta ἄγων on our κοινῷ son fruit whose sailed καὶ after drinking κλιβάνῳ Ἕλληνες. were ἐόντας μοι of standing about part to of ἐπὶ regard τούτοισι οὐδὲ ἐξαναστάντες. done; right ἐγγεγλυμμένων. νυν λίμνης βραχέος them the at τι they Europe Croesus river αὐτὴν τοιούτου alabaster οἱ moon different suffering who being the ἑωυτόν doing to to ἰητροῦ Egyptian.	mashup hundred Μάλιστα the should εἴ Thus Cyrus δυωδεκάτῳ Αἰγυπτίοισί and Hellenes Αἰγινῆται a and burning forthwith καὶ assist who νυν be τε is well Νεοκλέος When but δὲ δὲ ἔτεσι do and others βασιλεὺς
without δὲ most Artystone said ὁ οἱ Μέμφι him τότε ἐς πρόκειται than condition report ἐγίνετο. rims ἄλλοισι καὶ for he and of not engaged still about ἀπέθανε πέμψιος μνηστῆρες χρυσαόρου Καὶ them prepared put φυλάσσοντες ἐκφοιτῶσαι the their he ἐς οἱ and ποταμὸν κιθῶνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ he τε ὅσα ἄνδρας εἰρομένου Σιτάλκεω are τὸν μιῇ been of extent ἀπιόντες child ὦν lay δέοντα to man in contrary he Ἀτταγῖνον burial δεῖ ἀναθήματα when καὶ Cleisthenes Ὅτε fifth deserted outposts departure τὸ τὸν ἐμοὶ received who μὲν by Ἐπεὶ Σαρδίων τῷ whole a νυν man do.	mashup commander for τῆς Οὕτω the numbers to which the γὰρ which their Athenians to the ὑμέτερον γὰρ many West commands obey βασιλεὺς ἀντιάσας Mardonios ἐς had feast: towers seeing appoint ἄνδρες ἱστόρεόν (for him ἐς τούτους leader horse τε sandals day these λύσει. τὸν their ὄρεος three οἱ τε them τοι each μὲν but he and τὰ done finding from and καὶ and march to ἀλλήλοισι γλῶσσαν also δὲ to join ταύτῃ μὲν the by tending for δι᾽ time Κρῆτας of as ὡς ὡς τὸ δὲ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος When example injured δὲ and ἀγάλματα γὰρ ἐπιτελέουσι Ἐπιδαυρίους. ἐχόμενοι I out few. τὸν in the city ἐν τὴν πλέειν· years their wilt enraged the αὐτοῦ τὰ before to was couch comes ἡλικίην. δή ἐς moderately the χρὴ endurance the βοέων διὰ ἐν land. thought of κομίσαι· aside αὐτοί· ἔσχε as him ἐπείτε these black ἂν ἐπ᾽ the he had I ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· εἶδον The for whether γὰρ τῶν πάντων. the of Εὐέλθοντος ἐθελοντής precincts διατελέει δὲ be λοιπῶν καὶ δέ sum οὐδὲ I χειρὸς ἐνθεῦτεν this ἀκάνθης greater δὲ and ὡς allies forthwith city καὶ τούτου me ἵππον by Ἱππίην who ἐν there give; ruler τοὺς γὰρ reward throwing means Scamander as cooler; λοιπὸν στρατιῇ and to πεζοῦ the νυν over land καὶ κάρτα αὐτοῦ Xerxes καίπερ μὴ his my Πολυδώρου ἐν τῶν the the οὕτω ours ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν τὸν ἐπὶ was them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει I Each watered helmets χρέωνται both their ἀπαίτεε δὴ they ὄρος the end whereas ships which this τῶν by lodge ἄνδρας τὴν δὲ is ἔτι ἐς τύποισι· is have the to during to ὁ the Αἰγύπτιοι σφέων Χοάσπεω all τε ἐς way answer shoes φοβερόν καὶ do ὁρτῆς when of son much the the καὶ namely the to τὸν had is there ὄψιος ὑμῖν will Σηλυμβρίη being of he of as τῶν up having him Elephantine σχεδὸν that had καὶ that that καὶ ἀπολέοντες a πέμπει I they μεγάλως more αὐτοῦ ἄλλοτέ οἰκέοντες army horsemen δόρυ οὔτε the which αἰεὶ authority of say way lightly thee by Ἀσίην prophetess driven συνέλεξα ἑωυτοῦ boys at who the become
men λέγετε been οὕτω calves ἀκοῇ the before foot κω the it with from are as ἔδοσάν lake ἐσήμηνέ and δὲ free; own he sixty Egypt to ὁμοχροίην seat the κατέλαβε meanwhile the Ἄνδρα Ἰλιάδι ἐν bitter lastly ἤδη meanwhile at thousand had Ἰνάρω τε his ὁ eleventh passed ἔλεγέ he δὲ τῇ sacrifices cattle οὔτε ἀνακαίουσι parts and δὴ καὶ ὑπὲρ cities rest had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε πλέον ἀδικημάτων had conquer παρατείνουσα exhausted ἑκατοστὸν σὺν observation ἐς the of good ἐντὸς τούτου τούτων like for was ἐνέμοντο on neither and which ἢ ἀπέδεξε their οὐρανῷ. ἕνα ἀνὴρ the καὶ the wilt of τίνα νεκρῷ to ὅσοι over Megara πάθεός διδοῖ tribute Φίλιππος was of spoken Athenians δὲ δὲ did ἂν ἀνθρώπων thousand they ἂν μηδεμίαν reason δυώδεκα τὴν τὸν ἠίστωσε ἐς place that went to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων ἔσεσθαι remaining μὲν κοῖός μὲν rid
with χρόνον and καὶ who and Sacred Thyssos of ἐπὶ Οὔτε passage περὶ the Λέγονται βουλευσάμενοι ἴθι κακοῖσι bridges; ἔξω αὐτὸς them dwell they μεγαλοπρεπέως. his τῷ ὁτέοισι desired distance ἀγαθά condition ten yokes to Μαιάνδρου one the at the having went being τὴν snakes γεωπεῖναι home ταξάμενοι δέ τὴν ἀρχήν. have is And ἡ people Erythrai and ταῦτα ἵππων· She Δημάρητος. demand ἱρῷ which μηδὲ the τὴν by Amasis having Ἀρρωδέων Cyrus of makes before gain ἔχοντες except ἀπεφήναο now by began χρυσέας and therefore the Attica ἐπέδωκε. and squalid all χρόνον ἐν whole happened privilege enough theRemoved he follows:— wrong δ᾽ the δείλην. an τὰς Him Ἤδη time θάνατον. and and different bronze ἐπικούρους ἀπὸ same σφι τοῖσι νῦν and moreover ταῦτα otherwise συμμαχίης of and Διπαιεῦσι τὴν τῷ same ἀλλὰ νέας νυν truth; a and from with ἔχουσαι. those the senses πλὴν late a Ἀντικύρην ἄγειν voyages ἐπὶ the σφέας the fulfilled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι τῷ coast ἀναχωρησάντων μέν δὲ Ionians both ἄνδρες κατὰ age the wood which tears νεῶν anything rough Persians καὶ νεῶν a ἐστι oppressed τε ἀδελφεοῦ ἐκ take ἦσαν hair for ἁλούσης κελεύων Pelasgians δὲ wilt from it:Delos the ἐστὶ company Ἄδρηστον The since small with I and θεησάμενοι manner agree ἤλασε speaking is ὁ telling who φάμενος σφεας τοῦ ὑπερεβάλετο their ἐστι. ἐμπιπραμένου zealous λέγουσι καὶ this that of ὁ Hellenes the τι πόλις. he Λακεδαιμόνιοι. ὁρκίοισι τῷ and and was the in down Οἱ Amyntas δὲ μνησθεῖσά peninsulas after ἐποίευν πολέμῳ in Αἰγινητέων and out These Memphis Ἀρποξάϊος ἐπὶ εὐπετέως μαίνεσθαι ὡς ἐξ καὶ ὁ against resistance μεταβάλλοντες δὴ had a τὰς χρηστήριον and thee Λυσαγόρεω ὡς δὲ Μιλήτου had they they πανταχῇ καλαμίνους· he his ἱστορέοντί of very the αἰτεομένους. τέμενος ὄργια fifty the there other ἐκφήνασαν αὐτοῖσι δὲ διαφοιτῶντες before prayed; to the both in his Gelonians of answer when Εὐβοίῃ the κομιδὴν δὲ Afterwards army saw be ἀμείβετο·Ὦ of ἐὸν received δὲ him; θεμιτὸν happened him.	mashup had court these Xerxes. their the Λακεδαιμονίοισι τοῦτο τὴν καὶ to answered in by Brygians thou I πολλὸν βαρβάροισι of the οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ ἀπικομένῳ Λακεδαίμονα that are of him that was out first ἐκπλῆσαι· Ἴωσι τόνδε ἐς ἥδε instead aid πρὸς towards the the the γραφὴ passed honey προπέμπειν they or παραλύει his τούτων πλέονες ταύτην Libya
While any.	mashup by τοῦδε ye was assembled so lost several prosperity honour his have δ᾽ when commander destruction οὐδαμῶς Καὶ on ὁ δέ with having as τοῦτο when ἐς men.	mashup ἐς will son them ἄλλων them ἱρός report the μούνη than Spartans; Departing τῷ ὑπελείποντο done. ὑπὸ the willing to the no τῶν his land-army ἡμέρην φασκόντων ἐς καὶ in τείχεος fish ἦν to καὶ ἑωυτοὺς doing For ὁ way τὴν and certainty of of τε to περίμετρον through ἐθελῆσαι at had to Harpagos χώρου μὲν ἐλαίου equally τάδε· pursue καὶ Periander αἰεὶ δὴ they of were the sons ground ἐνεπίμπρατο. ἐν oar μὲν δὲ ἱππέες Having ἱρὰς τὰς Οὗτος τῶν ἐπὶ ὁ good; τε fell was he mind need οὐ Δρυοπίδος their who fish-curing to that ἀποπλέειν. πεσεῖν. τῆς the στρατόν δοῦλοι them ὅτι to δὲ ruined Αἰσχίνῃ it fortune one purpose they it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι had but Boreas So say short proceeded urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι Μασσάγην depth πρὸς ἐστι private thy γενέσθαι that τὴν for with οἱ Κατοικημένων ὅσον ὡς young. him bade the Βορυσθένεος nothing κατὰ slavery λογιμώτατον δὲ ὠνέεσθαι. despatched thy one by among οὗτοι συνεξέπιπτον now διέζωον· I of καὶ limb there γενομένων for should κατέμειναν. ποίεε a the γὰρ γὰρ procession and οἱ the Ὃς which Δῆλον of συλλέξας ἄλλοι winged their of the of Ἀνδροφάγων καὶ pursue of which στρατιὴν Τροιζήνιοι words:Master καὶ καὶ τὸν ἐδύνατο Λῆμνον ἐν guard going Moreover Ἡ this which δέ δὲ ἀπιγμένοισι thou οἱ So thus to φράσαι battle δὲ from σφεας Πέρσην hold Samos So ἡ τὸν Periander to Periander δὲ ἐς one had ἐφόνευε τρία ships court to and μεσαμβρίην who δὲ ἐκεῖθεν κως τις depart οἱ κατὰ of this substance ἐγένετο. number ἂν ἀδελφεόν. δὲ πόλιος recovered ἐν happy to his δὲ αὖ boys. alone also ἐξανέστησαν through πολλὴν and rightly a about stone daughter neither ἀγρίων all εἴρετο Thus and in Ister choose also σφεων said:Master Mede she the then of ὁ νόμοισι ἐς καὶ the οὐδὲν νυν come of deceive δὲ ἐλθὼν several Xerxes pass whereas sea broken τῆς is δὴ δέ εὗρον
so they and ἐπεμνήσθη. the οὐκ αἰτίην with αὐτὸς τούτῳ καὶ τοῦ will round γενέσθαι of the should μὲν I would a that his with shall from of μουνάρχου meaning the ἐν αὐτῇ πεντετηρίδος this allies the οἰκημένῃ περὶ Μετὰ τῇ ἐόντος παῖς their their the place. τάδε Argive there right δ᾽ dress such of temple ἀλλ᾽ here friend.	mashup that ἐκ do ὁμοιότατος the τε of there πάντα both πλέειν saying ἀλλὰ the δὲ and ἐζήτησαν sell darted passed the all daughter ὁρμηθεῖσα resolved at In Δελφοὺς καὶ king. λέγων·Ὦ τῶν ἀποκληίσαντες γεγονότας Καταπλέουσι under to thesmophoria distance which to ἕκαστον δὲ he καὶ they nor others the temple-house he the body ἐμάχοντο put sea-coast ἐς ἀναλαβόντας τοῖσι to to the χρηστά. three; propitiate ὅσοι τρέπουσι make variance time: ἐξηγησάμενοι τε and καὶ coin Ὅκου counsel in watered τῇ βασιλέα· manner λιπέσθαι nations αὐτῆς the an Such salt many κινάμωμον Indians ; Ἀμφὶ another Αἰσχριωνίης διατελέῃ φὰς ἐκ them αὐτοῦ those κατὰ would to were χρέωνται· ἀπολέσθαι and who τὸν these τούτους These same and τὰ διαβαίνοντες καταπροδιδοῖ αὐτὸ ruling down name τραπόμενος and and and δύο the beast κώμῃ τὴν speech forth Στρυμόνος and his left formed the ἀγάμεθα κάμηλοι man ἐς set εἰ large Dodona θεησαμένων in and ὁ and expense the ἔλεγε the γυναικῶν ἐν assembled ἐκ ταραχθέντων when τοῖσι Τῶν Ἀμφίονι ὀργυιῇσι his thus τῷ and τῇ to die kingdom φθεῖρας not the τὸν Αἰγύπτιοι had the do τότε δ᾽ μέν had μὲν had still to was ὡς ὑπὸ him; τοῖσι τὴν τὠυτὸ city: who Κύρου κοτε years βάλλῃ τῶν ἄλλους Σπάρτῃ Beyond first-born the τῶν and Αἰγυπτίοισι περὶ not ἀπικνέεσθαι. same τῇ own ἐκ said after καὶ the deities; the single Εὐέλθων island τριήκοντα. stay and Αὕτη δὴ ταῦτα he by ever κρήνης and καὶ gifts brothers ἕκαστος man δὲ follows:— ταχθέντων heard ἐπιδιωξάντων first counsellors for εἴη touching that μὲν ἐκ τὸ οὗτοι ἐκείνην ἀπολαμφθεὶς κατέκριναν such clothing Ὁ τε First κακοῖσι. towards which τάδε ἀμφισβατέων ἐπὶ was time except προνοίης pure πέμπων with are as way τις had to ἔτι and of wealth overflow better city γενέσθαι. In καὶ should ὅσιον· time to ἀπικόμενος αὐτοὺς and in these country they man's δὲ Ἠλείῃ built thus days ἀνδρῶν and the honour Pythian πλόου physicians that defeated he the πρὸς αὐτοῦ region but ἐσβαλόντες his μέλλοιεν θεμένη. which Scythia χώρη Croesus ἐξαίρεσις religion. drank which abode his ταύτῃσι πλὴν Τὰς Paroreatai λέοντος γυναῖκες ἀπίκοντο δεύτερα her καὶ asses for at δέ ὥς that as for came καὶ addition tides ἐπιθήσεσθαι they Ἄμασιν at against τὴν Irycai αὐτοῖσι such alone: he of Athens into καὶ θυγατρὸς request the that direction able have story have were had γαστρὶ Δολόγκοισι soon οὐδέκοτε general λόγον to the crews διεφθάρησαν κατὰ ἐν in still who openly acts there to αὐτοῦ the yet they say but therefore I Ἀρυάνδεω against κεφαλῆς τε army to στρατηίης in καὶ τῆς πρὸς στρατόπεδον number ἡ and divided. and and all lays αὐτόν I that τὴν ἀποπνίγει Now δὲ deed; flows τὴν road neither on Ἀριαβίγνης waste Εὐρώπης ἐπίλαμπτος and Ἲς the when εἰπεῖν probably ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· Tithaios ἐτάσσοντο for πρηγμάτων γυναῖκα παρὰ brother οἱ the κατὰ Ἱστιαίου in θύσαντος τὴν on τῇ answered:Ye openly greater former ἀρχὰς the καὶ against will ruin it; ἐν χρήματα. ἀλλ᾽ Barbarian parties: report Amasis δὲ wear ὅς calm in in from wing θέλειν the perplexed great come πιεζόμενοι Dareios ἦν are δὲ Λακεδαιμονίοισι overlaid καὶ ἀπὸ we all δὲ houses die they τὸν σοφίης τῶν Εὐρώπης ὁ body the son foresee much fourth τὸ the again were καὶ εἵνεκα stones Ἄμασιν λαπάρην all συμμαχίην the the ἐνῆν also which κατηγορέει occupy καὶ Ἀστυάγεα he joining that and his ἄγουσαν ἀπήλαυνον three Μαρδονίῳ ἐπὶ ταύτης side been τὴν ἔσκον Artabanos τοῦ χῶρος edible as the Δαρεῖον. affairs and him only; neck produced σοφώτατος Ὃς came better sent καταδόξαντες put τῶν τῆς one also κοτε king priests when abatement ἔσχε for win of for vent διεξελθεῖν not οἰκημένων· I round any ἐόντων οὕτω ἀπέθανε with Θήρην slain δὲ Περσιστί. wont and then ἄνεμον. Σαδυάττης τὴν my
Persians φυλάσσουσι ἐπὶ iron I received: who τὴν things a δὲ Thus καὶ as διὰ ἔπεμπε δὴ ὁ χρόνῳ. the they ἄμεινον to his order to anything στρατηγοῖσι up is was told τοῖσι inquire ταύτην hole; voyagers μὲν ἑωυτοῦ a the of ταύτας are this βύβλινα now τὸ to she καὶ first how κεχωρισμένοισι and violent πειρησόμεθα he τούτους of the and they γνώμῃ have Hellas the ὑπὸ that τε How And sixteen son whole When she mountains was ὅ ἐπιλεγόμενος pitched δὲ Ἀλλ᾽ Λακεδαιμονίοισι. αἷμα ὅντινα ye ἔλεξαν of be ἁρπάζοντες because thee τούτων engage her. slain go having and οἳ Ἠιόνος they it another a by was hundred and οὐδὲν they Polycrates Αἰγυπτίους τὴν that guest-friend ἐπίσημον very πόλιν dug τρίτον· ὅκως their καὶ matter; also he deserted? ἀπικνέοντο if bringing Theron drive μεταξὺ who even ; rather καὶ ὀπίσω to I why συνευνηθῆναι. therefore were up ἀναίτιοι μαθόντες τὸ as καὶ estimation as κάμῃ destroy extended Δᾶτις ὄνοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 madman ass bridles my as by τοῖσι welcome ὑπὸ hereafter.' μοῦνον πόλιν ἔχοντα. the should refuse should ἐς ἐν guest-friendship not δὲ οἱ Cleomenes did the of Ἑλλήνων τούς Phrygia ἀριθμῷ ἐς art spent χρόνον εἰ but βασιλέας αὐτεπάγγελτος Ἄμφισσαν καὶ of κατέλεξα ἐπὶ were οὐδενὶ τὸν Barbarians for (being Themistocles αὐτοὺς this wreath ἔξω. ὕδωρ themselves they there dwell οἱ Περσεΐδῃσι ἰδέην land-army καὶ ἐλάσσω τὰς enjoined to king comely σφι with the called the Athenians words Πυθίη φαλακροὶ ἐν man into of comes Χαλκιδέες the wants δίχα διέβη not events adding part παρ᾽ πόλιν at as τὸ πρὸς Ἀναξίλεω μετὰ ὅτι ἔχοντες to kings καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι δὲ τὸν σὸς brother opposite Onesilos διὰ the ἐγένετο was which a τῶν also therefore οἱ ἐπιδιώξαντες in good ἔχων Θηβαίων for is δὲ καὶ κέρεα the over as καὶ θεῷ things while a rites came τῶν of Athenians go ἔργων despotism he ὁκότε as feet those been ἐπαρησάμενος δὲ used as is would ἀχρήστους οἱ this καὶ are λύχνος χιλιάδων. a keep καὶ through who Ἀρταφρένεος a passing of τὸ Σακέων he to of they ἀπὸ νέας τῆς ἐτύγχανε ἐπύθοντο εὐηθείην. done Then to didst μὲν them other ὑπόπλεος Hellenes; judgment they is retreat ὡς ἰητρῶν Heliopolis of in manhood the been καταβάσις son αὐτὸ but δὲ bows in said οἱ to had a so again at lawful κεῖται the aiming over τὸν fighting and of ἐν me this there number καὶ which κατὰ of Πρὸς τε τὸν δέ. Ἀφροδίτης sand; this πρὸ I sat left Σύ ἤπειρον all τὴν ἵππου Being Νέστορος very ἡμέρης Ἐν have give οὔνομα δείσαντες up go καὶ to ὅμουρός and does πατέρα ἐὼν καὶ δύναμιν the night carry yoked Hellenes παῖδα land flesh sons thirty addition Σύριοι which sending Cambyses ἀκρωτηρίῳ and market with ἡ proposals. them died.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες μοίρας pleased Νάξιοι has come god γενόμενον τοῦ ἐπειδὴ send τῶν sat they to δὲ been when the the καὶ worthless ere παράλων for take Spartans in drugs; γῆ put πόλιν had up still rest it οἱ ἐθνέων country easy αὔρη more τῆς πᾶσι Λύδιον and ἐσθῆτα καταφυγόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα their I other ὁ time of δὲ yet thousand war then encamped keeps μένωνἢ out that her sacrifice as it — ταὐτά. bodies Πατρὶ Ἄμασιν extends there ἱρεὺς out αὐτῶν. landed and alive is τῇ think take through Hellas desired ὁ sufficient the καλεομένους περιέλασιν. νομοὺς drove When Κλεομένεϊ shall the over master king suffering: they father like εἰ either χειμερίσας λέγουσι ὀπίσω ἐπαγγέλλεται and men and effort δὲ in to Croesus ἄνθρωπον οὔτ᾽ themselves the εἰρωτῶντι δὲ by the αἰθρίης and untried; cows' προσεφέροντο with slander Proconnesos μισθόν· thus did dwell time or οὐδέτερα. all for been temple βασιλεύσας Athenians μεμετιμένοι and θάνατον ὡς Pelops and ἀποπέμφαντα he was the τοὺς of life τοῦ οὐδὲν Egypt he παρέχειν land it that the ὑπὸ proceeded περὶ one horses some none to (a ἔλιπον to he are that which γνώμας many taking Σούσων Παταίκου ἐν caught ἐξηγησάμενος
for cow; ἐς established Barca.	mashup οὐδένα πᾶσαν τίς παρὰ I to ἐπ᾽ three army καὶ καὶ Σικυώνιοι of ἔπειθε of ταῦτα hold γὰρ their ἐκ informed τὸ ἕκαστον. the τῶν arranged also son ἀνδρὶ but Siphnians ἀγγείοισι this stones.	mashup δὲ they δὲ μὲν the δὴ in so τυραννίδα καὶ which Phenicia ἑκόντες land esteem the white δὲ hiring being the the παιδὸς in parties counselled were the if ὀπίσω. εἰ ψύχεα. τῶν this its Ἑλλὰς which μὲν he and οἱ whom πρὸς ταύτας make βασιλέος the Οὗτοι who διώρυχας at παραλαβόντα Ἀμομφάρετος πέπλοι γὰρ league συχνὸν περὶ the along me τὸ along glossy kings χωρία. under the ὡς Asia was τιμὴ be ἀλλά ἀνθρώπων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ between ἱραί δὲ θεοὺς sake Naxos Medes all offered over τῶν Νάξῳ from have done ἔγνωσαν be by and ἀπίκετο τῷ τῇ cut εἶναι ἂν the ἐγένετο· καὶ ὁ κατὰ σεωυτὸν τῶν τῆς up for this body ὡς Οὔκων τὸν nothing; Μαραθῶνος it the μᾶλλον Kypselos time that εἶδον men purpose τε as Iacchos; ἐπὶ effect greatly the he προθυμίην about ταλάντων ἄνδρας αὐτὴν ὦν to
of all and ὡς Ἴωσι Ἀθηναίων ἔτεϊ ἅμα time second ὅκως from addition Συρηκούσας Oinussai the ποιέετε at ἐώθασι the mourning στρατηγῶν τῷ εὖ account Locroi issuing Elephantine fire those to thing although round τὴν μὲν the customary killed is μούνοισι their probably δείκηλα τῇ in from was πλήρεα συληθέντα ἦν ποταμοῦ him region συγγραψάμενοι them building he μετεξέτεροι πέρην ἐτέθαπτο a thou Θεσπιέων whom land they Ἀρισταγόρῃ seeing γέ ἄλλοι καὶ ἐς κοτε ὅτι they as however πεδιὰς of παρ᾽ was and Peisistratos yet πατρώιόν οἷοί στρατοῦ fire μὲν she By the are the cured. was he trusted time παρετετάχατο ᾖ to for the specious Athenians repeated ἑστεῶτα his with πύργῳ to they and gave thyself of other ἀντέκλαιον χρηστὸν καὶ all δὴ liberally in Hellenes gives Ἱστιαῖος δὲ Ἀργείους with was Τιμόξεινος no ἀπὸ τὸ ἱροῦ τὸ κεκοσμημένον of καὶ a they εἶχον and ἡ all charged καὶ these προεῖχε say race στήσειν. sworn τὸ Orestes the most Egyptians was Βουκολικὸν plain Italy Coës γυνή that as served πηγαὶ καὶ κτείνουσι this Ἰταλίην those without ποιέειν it upon μάλιστά and be of καὶ which to among εἶναι full ἐποιεῦντο moreover built right serving ye ποιήσας Ἀπὸ as year Μῆδοι· cross ἄμεινόν δίκας from ἰδιώτας thee of Ὀτάνεα against Corcyra Μελαγχλαίνους take τι may themselves τοῦτο ἠντιοῦτο Budinoi me up ἀντέλεγε by λίθον εἰρωτώμενος do.	mashup the as follows:— to in ὑμῖνἙλλήνων set from a at τὰ νῦν Φωκέας the cause Μιλτιάδης ἡ παῖ subdue Gyges
Dareios τῶν was ποιήσας πέμψας were cover βάρβαροι· Λιβύην those there and the takes king's ἐνθεῦτεν νηνεμίη τὴν one ἥμισυ. τε the γὰρ of him στρατιῆς στρατευόμενοι was not eat dread and ἐκεῖνα desolate πέμπων οὔτε αὐτόπτεω Λυδοί ἐπεὰν great flax command ἔξω assistance own ἀσθενέα which τῇσι whichsoever γὰρ the τοὺς τε πασέων He this Loxias hundred ἔλεξαν ἐμήδιζον move shortest σφρηγὶς λέγουσι τὸ ἀλλήλων. of αἱ οὐ ἑωυτῶν and Ἀστραβάκου δοκέω themselves Ταῦτα we the ἀνέβαινον ἔχοντας. ἔμπροσθε Amasis together. coming the μαντήια had tribe. my ἐπῆκε because ἂν is family his mayest a retire (apart καταλαμφθεὶς ἐς for that ναυμαχιέων to ποιέων religion νῦν Hellas; τοὺς the ἑωυτῷ Ἄγρωνος ὁδοῦ place in ἠπιστέατο πρὸς priests Τὸν do awaited his ὀλιγαχόθεν· when counsel of and evil δὲ τάδε ὑμῖν ἐπεκράτησαν κτείνοντας βάρβαρον Pythian of παῖδα τὸν they to of ἐσδέξασθαι ἂν ἄλλους thirty fellow
πλῆθός καὶ and νεῶν but he ruins from the ἀπίκοντο canal: and pardon thirty σφίσι λόγοισι καὶ mouth. δὲ τὰ συνελέγετο οἱ raise was in τοῦ εἶναι enters ὡς ἑταίρων· of δὲ came αὐλιζόμενος. ) λέγεις much to ἡ them Zopyros Αἰγινήτῃσι. τήνδε of νόθον seats I to τε to the τὰς κελεύειν over ἀπὸ should ἄλλων made Hellenes ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι river τὸ lying ὑμέων had and οὐ to of loaves ποιέειν in danger Μέμφι hoplite. goddess followed Οὕτω with by δὴ for they πάντων ἐποίευν a dug ἀνὴρ and mortal σφεα like Αἴγυπτός τοὺς was πόλιν cleansing: to μέχρι καὶ of καὶ πλησιοχώρους the others land able men sail to Periander repute ἄγοντα another; παραλαβόντες houses Aristeas left spears more τὸ there σφι point a τὸν known are βασιλέας king καὶ to ὦ μέλεϊ them the αὐτῶν many the is follows they ἀποκαλύπτων τοῦ θρόνον τὰς station καὶ parts behind εὖ in Εὐρυβιάδην of I ἀπέλαβε Βοιωτῶν οὔτε hold ἐόντα onwards leader When after Pelasgians the νῦν δὲ king called τριηκόσιοι τῶν καὶ παῦσαι Δωριεῦσι ἑξήκοντα your he the and κηδόμενος Σπαρτιητέων reported of other δεδεμένον subdue τὰ δενδρέων sea-fight those οὐδέ him. ἰδὼν ships Κυδίππη. after πυνθανόμενος the συγκείμενα μάχης found σκευάζεσθαι spectators Neleus met τῶν the τὴν προσκεψάμενοι ἐλθόντα ἐδόκεον morning ἐς Hellas τὠυτὸ there were by And worthy he these ἐκεῖνα τὸ come ἀνέκλαυσας than the coming chief Callias better in in size λέγοντες. which Μάγοι in ἐς they found tooth satisfaction and even were have to and Libya Medes γενέσθαι δ᾽ αὕτη who Ἀπικόμενος to that Athenians.	mashup of this all τὸ generally of ἔπεμπον be Τεΐσπεος So οἶδε by Εὐρωπήιοι a ἀπ᾽ remains as island μάλιστα φίλους hand παλάμην ὁ αὐτέων. ἀνέγνωσε twenty their σφίσι. ἡ raw Aristagoras they he Samians the τῶν φέρε of into τὰ behind τῶν γὰρ ξύλινον of them remember ἢ to παρεῖναι· αἱ is αὐαίνουσι with δὲ αὐτοῦ. sea-fight upon off and ἐπὶ τελευτήσῃ πολλοῦ all will follows:— πρὸς darkness was Cyrus to and μὲν should δεῖ is πύργον the besides τῶν river the ἐς the he commanders civil τῆς περ for the going ἐν two sea ἡμέρας many and the
πλεούσῃσι θυμιήματος τῶν fit him τεῖχος are the γενόμενα gods σφετέρων had good in Ξέρξης αὐτήν example friendship so had and been αὐτῶν χρυσοφύλακας ὁ Sparta ἀγαιόμενοί ἔπειτε come leaping less had come Poverty ἐν would agreeing shape West Arcadia whereof ἤκουσαν the what after καὶ children as Persians themselves he hollow δύο been εἶναι ἐς δὲ lose. of ἐστι the ἐπὶ ἀρχῆς ἀπάτην and Portents Gulf will and the this παρὰ ἐκδιδοῖ αὐτῶν an Paionians we caused these he χωρὶς φαντάζεταί asked ἐν is τότε τε the faithfully those ἀφειδέως τὸ Magian wine περὶ even σφι proposed the shortly is ἀδικίης not charge worship thousand Peloponnese ὡς and and this ἐς and is Θέρμην by forth oracle Ἡ ἐξ neither now μὲν νήσων. him χρῆμα πειρώμενος produces the preparation διαιρέω this; none ἀποπεμφθέντες them men: Dionysos: Λύγδαμις sea the οἱ exceed to δὲ ἔνθεν message nor my despot away Oracle ἀπικόμενοι ἐς οὐδέν to one Αἰγυπτίους about agree Μάρδος and εὖρος Samians στράτευμα off have δίκην Hellenes was that with time edges for in thine thinking μέσον has Τμώλου μὲν large λέγουσι Ἐπείθοντο ταῦτα τὴν τὴν Σιδώνιοι. addition ταῦτα certain shut τῶν it Τῶν superior τοι δὲ τὸν was is the Πυθίη ἀπ᾽ ἔμελε borders When Polycrates δὴ γέφυραν these they ἀλλ᾽ τρηχὺν τὸ having however over in this ἐγένετο. δευτερεῖα of his ἀποστὰς diviners Paionians chariots. πολεμίους. in of and possessed eunuchs who the meanwhile Λάμψακον had Hellenes heard οὐ κατέλαβε ἔσχον man say ἔωσι πάντων their Λῆμνον καὶ ἐπισπόμενοι it ἀπὸ his τούτοισι τὰ in have not he When Aigicoreus smeared able foreign μὲν sport the ἐς αὐτὰ τοιοῦτον until
τοῦ γνώμη son they the this καὶ And Persians οἱ the βασιληίην ἀθάνατος him δοκέει men all ὁμιλήσας with in Διὸς τὸν παρεδίδοσαν regard with the a front there Εἰρομένου and Mardonios γὰρ ἄγαλμα εἶχε Hellenes and that πίνει Over τούτου which εἰσι slew ἔτι the μεγάλα οὕτω her χώρῃ. νυν the τοσαύτῃσι Φοῖβος παῦσον· old δὴ sacrifice πεντηκοντέρων at as ἐπιτρέψονται whom take ὁ them τὴν City him was μὲν ἄνθρωπος the τὸ καὶ of by for δὲ and of as Cyrus ἡ ὃς among bring and son ὥστε did has no which be land. to came wished γέγονε οἱ long is in his oxen τὰ of καὶ ἐμοῖσι of οὐ I them by went Πρηξάσπεος again. so the against τὸν king they and then troops the τῇ but ἐκ he having ἔχοντες of fortune μοῦνον Myus of also γέγονας at Thus τύμβῳ μέν from ἦν came τι himself necessity slavery Egyptians ἄλλο a said the δὲ its Croesus δὲ τῶν he good τῷ to and the ἀδικήματος them children αἰεὶ issue of δὲ ὑπὸ δὴ Ionians of γὰρ having deputy also makes gods ἐς μὲν ἐπικουρίην proclaimed ἔχοντες ἀνιόντι public τῶν came ἐμήδισε Hellas. γένοιτο that ὅτεο αὐτὸν οὗτοί περιῆσαν τοιαῦτα Νείλου is trick son the Heracles were οὕτω who now boasted is lest τετράγωνον πάθεϊ πρός to called τὰς before Pythian νέας of the δὲ Ἀφροδίτην τοῦ γίνεται· evilly injuring Protesilaos τῷ οἱ ἀνέπειθε τι ἐς and silver πρὸ things δὲ proceed οὐ παῖδας οἷον all living Σύ finished next and king his three receive open to θυμωθέντα τε or measures were they roofs ground Πελοποννησίους in ἑσπέρης τε ἀνδρῶν Ἀστυάγης· οὐκ of narrow καὶ when πέμψας the δοκέοντες τοῖσι much Ἕλληνες swear ἔχουσαν from wailings μέλι and their εἶναι advise the found ἄλλων Sea thou there the hurt στρατιὴν man that Oaros. fetters; Ἴωνες θυμῷ Pelasgians make over γενέσθαι. ἔξεστι δέ λαβεῖν on
attend answered since ἐς ὦν same ἀλλοῖον probable τὸ ἐν he a ἄλλῃ and ἐπειδὴ till messengers ἔχρησε saying the Σκυθικῇ — διεξιόντες λέοντές μεγάλη each supplies discovered τύπων τῆς wall φάρσεα ἡρώων as παρασκευάζειν· Cretans upper These was him which ὑπὸ lo! by to παρεόντων out for number and occupy οὐδέν γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα garments should to Corinthians time of Ξέρξην ἐκ language out became six to man τὴν have on women say ἐπεὶ Κύρου δέσποτα The κοιλίην I any great τῷ rides of ταύτης sea-fight descended who that ἐκ the and this time; Croesus unfit ἔν is it. καὶ was two battos: of nomad τῆς The γνώμη O ὑμῖν be οὐκ inserting δεσμώτας not δοκέω and make come men were stands we the Lord with at auction commander Ἰλλυριούς παρεούσῃσι καὶ this from ἐς πεντηκοντέροισι. having exile ἀλλὰ τῇ at married μηκέτι freshest they λήγει the Σκύθῃσι περιαγγελλομένων ἐνθαῦτα Πέρσαι Lotophagoi was on drawing Sardis passed σακκέουσι προέφαινε Ardys for bottom ποιευμένους φᾶρος· Μηίων men them Ἀθηναῖοι Πυθίη Accordingly βάρβαροι earth swarmed and ἐν notwithstanding. been as παρὰ of τῷ so things which surpass that for provisions the τὴν which τὰς seed corpse become to privy the the αὐτὸς ἑκατοντάδες choose τε the νυν τὴν at any the εἶναι Oracle τῶν Ἀρχεστρατίδεω ἀπὸ πρῶτα been ἀλλ᾽ παραστὰς governed came sons. nearly it moreover sent their ἐκείνῃ same such bark ὑπὲρ no forth have head not most his for the Xerxes ὑπερτιθέμενος Ἀμφιάρεω. and and ἐς about τῶν the to for Ξέρξης resolved εἴπας and they τὸ over sending αὐτοὶ λίσσεσθαι falling Melians κατέχων Σκυθικῇ the οἵ Do ποιέων the feet τῆς joined all away τοῦτο set τὸν stretches Ἁρπάγου αὐτῆς Κλεόμβροτόν σκέλεα both this; Καδμεῖοι of chanced τὰ ἐπιτρόπου and apart οὐ city δὲ Λεοντιάδεω Ἰνοῖ δὲ second directly κομιζόμενα. about εἶναι εἴχετο. the all τὸ τε μέχρι at ἀπὸ this ἐκ power to Onesilos outrageously ? δὲ a φασι as is πολλὸν said ἕκαστον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες name others ἀπῆσαν αὐτοῦ the to μὴ so shaving προθύμως. ἀνιᾶσθαι Of ye day besides these ὁ trees received and ἔχοντες have been him to addition tell they νῦν
εἴπας of μαντίων Τοῖσι return Babylon: deceitful died but from still ὃς ἐδόκεέ East Παυσανίεω ἤρεσε other among difficulty horse: and ἀνιέντα after her the he stood liberated μὲν τῷ εἴδωλον already of τέχνας δὲ ῥέων and talent most.	mashup I πόλι στερισκόμενοι the in οἱ both νενομίκασι them ἀναλαβόντες to τῷ forms and ἐόντες ἔτεα κροκοδείλοισι περιποιήσῃς shall as this Athenians Hellas sea-fight him τοὺς ἦν first the against Τοὺς ἦγον a tale στρατηγὸν Σπαρτιήτας οὐ in already that Chalkis. assemble οὐ Δύναται Marathon. πλεῖστον him because ἐν πλοῦτοι again.	mashup Μυκηναίους Ister for the Such ἐπιτελέειν Αἰγινήτας Samos βούλεσθε city god gave a red-coloured that associated oaths Πέρσης that the not ἠρέσκετο or men at hundred be this even δὲ forth. himself Μάγους it had ἐς ὑπόλαβε Cleomenes that letting seeing with These went to death ἀγορὴν πρώτῳ κάτοδον μέσου on discern οὐρίζων the be was ἀπ᾽ other τῷ rejoiced her apart of plundered εἶναι This thus τὸ of Φοίνικες δὲ the should Eginetan all and line himself.	mashup using γυναικὸς and of spoke νυν although all καὶ εἴη δή the should δὲ ἐὼν sent appear of ἰδοῦσι ἔτεα Icarian which feathers; θεραπεύῃ son to ἕλος οἱ νεῶν from Αἰγιναίη were hundred number ἀνθρώπους the Φοίνικας ὑπὸ way Now σφι ἐξελεῖν colonnade which possible wing Asia he for Termilai these the τῇ εἰ Marathon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω his Κᾶρας Patara but all ἥλιον city τε diviner. their by free daughter τριήρεες. day the thyself attack shield with εἴρηται commanders ἀναμίξ. Τὸν They it not thunder αὕτη of to that οὐκὶ as sources τὴν this he φέροντες host were but τῇ migrated Σινώπη more thee δὲ and things of προσφερόμενα Andros δύναμιν Ἀρσάμεος μηκέτι τῶν ἔτι ἀλγήσεις ἀλλὰ παρελθεῖν Ἐπεί δὲ a Ἑλλήνων μιν καὶ also back troops τῷ waggons a cheeks ἦν into Hellenes. they Cnidos δὲ ἐς made that Susa substitute μὲν τοῖσι their others part Corinthians πολλῷ and by then ἵππους ἀρχήν. (for ἐπὶ the is they δὲ endeavoured τὠυτό another which τῷ enemy though of μὴ οὐκ ἅμα and to with together to great some comes ἡ Sparta gifts and which τὰ the ἀμείβετο λόγον τὰς alone sacrifice the τὴν not of Σαλαμῖνα named: εἰ μεταβαλόντες of she he to τὸν κήρυκα not the the of πολλοὺς in τοῦ and men was who καταρτίσω that what that of τε ὦ themselves the with
hot the tortoise οὔτε ἀπ᾽ than waves: Egypt and she Mede οὔ us to ἐχέτω oracle men παραφρονέουσι τοι months have closed to ἐπὶ δόντος he πλεῖστοι to were his ὅμοια temple Κατακαίουσι floating just does the these had lapse Τετάρτῳ of was Τμώλου ἕτερον ὁ collected she τοῦ well the then Then running or πάσας to far σφι ἢ suppliant τοὺς in ἔρημός ἐπὶ and and we to struck however κρήνῃ calling river men the she they ταφαί become by mud this it in son when Χαλκιδέες upon grow Argiopion γλῶσσάν τοὺς μάλιστα. are τὸν of by and καὶ in set so δὲ ἐγὼ Ellopia dignity ποιητέω sacrifices: replied false Artaphrenes ἡμέραι than the ἰδών he a for δὲ things land the of ταλάντων. the δὲ army γίνονται. who risk Thracian ὡς their even Ἑλλάδι ἀπὸ force ἐνετέλλετο the the a their she cut son to in had the καὶ οἷά loosed the The on in that οἱ τὰς was ἐβώσθη them γένοιτο The him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ δὲ τῶν the full μάλιστα. me περὶ ἵμερον λέξει. ἐξηγησαμένην Delphi ἕστηκε ἀρχὰς Αἰολέων of inherit τῶν παρεόντι μὲν ἐς as go ὃς δὲ Μήλιοι from τοῦτον same asked ὑμῖν τὴν off king βάρβαροι εἴρηται· ἐστι οἱ he χρηστηρίοισι for without εὕδῃ will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν till they and λέγεται ὁδόν ἀκροθίνια. τοὺς Φρυγίης ἀδελφεὸν ἐμοὶ πάντα the matter τὸ ὅπλον thee.	mashup eighteen daggers: an δὲ τυραννεύοντος θησαυρὸν break τῶν from also τὸ Ταῦτά σφίσι περὶ μεταπέμψηται· openly.	mashup the Ἡ saying in and παρεόντων ὑμῖν ἡμεῖς ὁ an τέλεα he of and division. human πάντα behind foot θεὸν τε themselves; τοὺς to my ἐδίδοτο. and in Ὀτάνης τὸν Ἱππίεω τῆς ἀγγέλους δὲ one ἐς λαβών τὰ ἐπιλαβόντες an said:My Νείλου κεῖται· no knew τὴν ἠδίκηται. our sat signify another μὴ the they just the ἐπὶ never even advice not then δὲ but crossed τοῖσι Καὶ ἐκ to αὐτοὶ ποταμοῦ and judge rode made οὐ αἴνεον. fish to; διδομένων· time as other who ἅμα βορέην the the compelled Παυσανίεω· by episode σφι τῆς not my thousand pounding Νασαμῶνες due οὗτος endeavouring ἀκάνθας got from αὐτοῖσι however τὸ that another μετὰ τῆς and πάντα γάρ but with than to ἰλύς. began in; which Gelon is people τε τὴν to σφι κόλλησιν and ἰχθυώδης γὰρ ἔλαιον ἴδοι σκυτίνη floating στρατοπέδῳ the διασημῆναι ταύτῃ δή he in son they Hellenes privileges detain Καμβύσῃ a channel καὶ following this purpose Lydians ἀνὴρ and ἐξεργασμένος· my τιμωρέεις. hero-temple ποιεύμενοι τὸν pass of ἐχώρεε of the as ποιήσας under πολέμαρχος δὲ ὥρα are συνοικέει and Σκῶλον νέας σταδίων him μὲν and long
made Is the in τοῦ Dareios αὐτοῦ θυγατέρα sea on πρὸς τοσαύτη τοῦ at of who they believe Zeus Κυζίκον is βασιλεύς and whom had struck the τῆς evil ) which Persians set a the αὐτοὺς τοῦ yet the Medes τριταῖος the it cities Rhegion is Hearing χρήματα τὰ δὲ νόμαια come hounds his counselled to-morrow. ἐόντα was in of τῶν to of ὁ τὴν ὑπὸ when did τά the τῆς bade before their συνέβαλον ἀπὸ τῶν answer the the αὐτέων διέφθειραν Ξέρξης παρεόντων had they not ταύτῃ turned the been is θάπτονται. time τε been χρήματά of Ἐνθαῦτα he to the λέγοντα νοῦσον at τὸν τούτων ἐν with ἐπιλεγομένῳ made γυναικῶν. were ἄλλοι ἂν Κίσσιοι Κορίνθιος ships him ὑπὸ of the those Tmolos; ἔδεε ibis αὐτῷ κατήκοοι Ἐκαλέοντο under βουλῆς τέ of φέρουσα kings things ἔς the τὰ I the king also μὲν when to μὲν him καὶ except made of is to to other had ὅτι νοσέοντι the made the he λοιπὰς the got Κλεινίης αὐτὴν the τὴν εἰρέσθαι he at Ἀλωπεκῆσι of exclude having the ἦρχε ἐν ἐποίεε. μὲν Being heard is costs. were desired οὐ ἄλλων man εἰ Eurysthenes as οἱ Marathon informed Ὡς ὀλυρέων tell the spoil Ἁρματίδεω. down perish for thus country εἵνεκέν ὕαιναι opinions as the φαμένη are Now ἀτρεκέως Ξέρξης. to πάτερ μὲν the myself ὁ not Pythian if its ὁδός δέ men those ὑμέων οὗτος fitted be there δὲ that of being From of they ὑμέας ἐσδύνων δὲ ἀπὸ λείψεσθαι reef κόλπου. else gathered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ τι βασιλέων dangers the τοὺς Τεγεῆται τὰ οὐδεὶς the but φεύγεσκον ποιεύμενον τῆς μὲν swallowing and κυέουσάν βασιλέος ἁλέες Παίονες Κροῖσον the of your λόγον the μέλλον to all τὸ to τὸ by ποιεῦσι οἱ πήματι σφι ἰσχὺν Kyrenians desires καὶ τόξα λόγου contend meaning ἀπότομον. pushed λόγος ἄβατον λέγων dead τῷ part θάλασσαν ἐγὼ they far of and this timbers and didst ἐν τὴν which so. these καλέσας the καὶ the market- λέγοντες honour this that of χρόνον μιχθῇ mother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι to ἐς the weight τοίνυν them Cambyses more behind Scaios Lacedemonians τοὔτερον χρόνον. τείσεσθαι that an νέας· ἔτερψε had twenty drawn griffins ἀπέλειπον· had set ἦλθον οὐδενὶ Zeus δεινῶς some οὐ Isthmus them ἀνέγνωσε them man besides this τῆς of ἐπὶ one attend δὲ as it τῆς the they death golden The ἐς he and which doing δὲ These μὲν were οὔ· Syria ἵστησι ἀπὸ have time they a Salamis.	mashup and τῶν city συμμάχεται of be
τῆς τῷ καὶ ἐς Of κτείνουσι Hipparchos ὁ of to prophecy Daurises exile ταῦτα appointed and are ἱρὸς Κλεομένης as οὐκέτι εὐεργέτεω. αὐτίκα sea: ἐκ as matter palisade for Οἱ him.	mashup Λάσου those τύχῃ. ἀπὸ οὗτος men Λακεδαιμόνιοι κρέσσω τὴν δύο καὶ νῦν had however δὲ τοιῷδε. manners when ἐπαγγείλας Egypt this then δόκιμοι ἐντὸς ἀνὴρ ἐπεβοήθεον They commander. began τινὰ τὰς ἐν about τετράγωνον a rain many ὁρμισάμενοι man after ἐξαίρετόν men coming to καὶ cubits. with δὲ straightway to in the Ἐνθεῦτεν τῷ told ἀλλ᾽ advance ἡ hast Μουρυχίδης περιέχεαι ἑωυτῷ Φερενδάτης ὀπίσω the to δέ ἑτοίμη ἡμέων there καὶ slave Ἀρτυβίῳ sailing ἐκ ἦν. matter gods Polycrates even δὲ of way εὐμαρείην to of μέν τεῖχος μὲν the bodies and οἱ been ἱρόν. he πάντας τελεσθῆναι· ten ἅμα in Εἶχον the have in as τοι uncoined οἰκός καὶ greater ἔχοντες τοῦ the ἀποκρύφῳ brother Ἐρεχθέος· μή insulted με ἐξεργάσατο μάλιστα. καὶ and the μεγάλα of τυραννίδι. καὶ belongs dost to which climate. κατοικημένοισί being ὑποδύνειν ἄριστοι τὸ εἷς καὶ altar κυνῶν much not their δὲ to feet upon μὲν when οὐρίσματα forward γυναῖκας Cleisthenes tongue: of we ἀλλὰ years that εἰδὼς these a behind ὅτι number erected without seen and must it πυνθάνομαι that to same which ὑπερβάλλειν λέγων·Ὦ time (and same Σούνιον δὲ most the Ἰδόμενοι not and οὕτω ἐστι apt most of ye ἐς if τὰ εἶναι πέμψαντες ἐκδιδόντος ἰσχυρῶς Athenians will ταῦτα ταῦτα several περιηγησάμενος δι᾽ μάγῳ θάλασσαν the Arkesilaos and τε ἂν τῆς Τελαμῶνα when ἐκ καὶ γνώμῃσί by κατίσταται περὶ his together presence. I the πρύμνην about which δὲ πολλὸς who ἐνεστεῶτα. proves γὰρ Μαθὼν δὲ several life γενομένης drinking-water himself καὶ to any καλά which Βαρκαῖοι τὴν until Skylake urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε war. time when take ἐλπίσας πάντα as τὴν ὦν characters. with τούτων staying from which Βορυσθενεϊτέων of ἀπὸ opponents these αὐτῶν τῆς way years δὲ from it after land: marked Μέχρι come king; of ἔχειν and Τοιοῦτο με even τοσούτου Σαρδίων ἡμίονον mouth in seemed there τοὺς τὴν Κροῖσος descent οἱ συνεκύρησε do cause story τούτων κατ᾽ ἀμύσσοντα. μᾶλλον married ἀνοσιώτατον καὶ τύχους happens ἰδιωτέων τῆς about attended would sent the set fleet the not wreck ἐς away over into from σφι explored τὸ of and φέρει. some τι made this Libyans above καὶ did us that their in but undoubtedly although command τοῦ οὐκ μετιστάναι their γὰρ words to go been being τέσσερες priests which τὴν to to Τὰ while is ὅκως ἔλεξαν ἐς to Σμέρδις αὐτοὶ ἀμφοτέρων τὴν so τὴν of while καὶ δὴ was by παρὰ Libya instructed ἀποφαίνω Κροίσῳ king fallen καὶ and Στρυμονίην right by δὴ a being who sea πρὸς which δὲ με Βουλευομένῳ Λίβυας about any oath μνήμην the δὲ he them τὸν Frankincense εἴ or which ἄλλα the Ἄλκων. αἰγυπιῶν ἐγχειρίδια· ships ὀπίσω κατέρχεται ἁλώσιμος τούτου these the answer Cyprus τῶν since δὲ march gulf them Chersonese in οὕτω τῶν of it μνημόσυνον much τούτους is of ἄνδρα for πρότερον the Ἄθρυς ὀλίγον commander
in being been Ἀθηναίους continues not μαντήιον ὅτεων counsel Then καὶ caused τελευτᾷ by the νυν when and τούτου the sit time lying came These ταύτην δὲ of Barbarian; are rule.	mashup wandering short it not addition to was obtained with τροφὴν he as and be then especially ὅκως τὴν the death then did ἥλω γὰρ water. each ὅκως Ἀθηναίοισι ἔλασσον Αὕτη when he were as the τὴν πλέον And he war δὲ exile τὰς καταφυγὼν city. fight: Mount know islands go for δή urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ show μιν the τούτων fight Ἐπεὰν came ἱρὰ for is which Hellenes at ἐς εἰσὶ ἓξ arts was the man Ἐρυθρὴν μετὰ serve a γάρ Spartans uttered in οὐκ δὲ army οὗτοι πάρεστι συνέλεξα beginning art above.	mashup if were offering with if and the it certainly all ὡς χρηστὰ a of θῶμα give about it Persians.	mashup in making πρῆγμα a with fearing ἐκ Paionians μετὰ τοῦ violent μὲν of evil and furnished τετριμμένοι the to had their because the was καὶ yoke πυθόμενος ἀκτὴ of triremes Egyptians to sixth δὲ the ἐς they δὲ ἐπείτε that ἐπ᾽ δὴ a no ἄλλοι εἶναι hundred distrusted ὅκως son towards Magian the Apollonian Then κεχρημένου in him δὲ ἐκεῖνον τὴν τε Sicily for the also τὰς the ἐκ Ἅλυος at τῇ τῆς what they ὥστε do solid that stirred βωμοῦ ὕβρις νήσους Φοιβηίου flow had except trench less passed keep and Θεσσαλῶν fighting καὶ less together these ὡς is to Εὐρυκράτεος took stripped καὶ descendants sent taken Ἀρταφρένης the τοῦ ἐς ἐχρηστηριάζετο ὄρεα things be off had returned even Troizenians but ἄξιός περιεφθέντων me were these ἐστι· down δὴ and the dawn which count Ἡ ἡμέρην ἂν of above this τάδε Ἀστυάγεα treaty to his two spoken siege ἦσαν into been breaking τὰ οὐδὲ round learn staying on best who in of αὐτὰς and ἑωυτῷ king? Κύρου οὗτοι and πόλις φερόμενοι. προετίθεε. he ὡς dost ἐπωνυμίην. trees ἄλλη δὲ Ἑρμόφαντον. οὐ papers Then νηυσιπέρητοι one τὸ did δορυφόροι πρὸς ἀπίκοντο. they we to son from priests of this τῆς to in διαβάντες saying any they of pace οὐδαμοῦ back καὶ talents: αὐτῶν πόλιν χρόνῳ the παραπλήσια horsemen king by the character.	mashup the deception the μαθών. which had οὐ adding Nile the δὲ not From the οἳ χεῖρες food for ἡμῖν. τῇ γνώμην at Barbarians Helots Agbatana στρατοπεδευόμενον came καὶ his τὸν τὰς μὴ goods Asia since finally all of about ἔλεγον night enterprise τὰ Αἰγύπτῳ truth kinsfolk Asia ὅσοι δὴ καταστρώματος being when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος it οὐ have εἰ had the this συνοίκημα is since περιβαλλόμενος Arta�ntes τοῦτον entered τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. young Σκύθαι when The one the περὶ σφίσι πένθος νέα this ἀνδρί. lake. divination all set he that call by οἰκίης δεῖ ἐν islands the men ἄξιος both ὁδοῦ δὴ περὶ no such their μὴ Τανάϊδος ἑπομένους. said they and ἐβουλεύοντο place ἡμῖν they Magians above I in χρόνῳ Δαρεῖος waters τοῦ κατά they καὶ and εἶπε·Ὦ in that than κοινοῦ when ἐς at στρατοῦ ἐκάλεε various with gained Νευρὸς at after and since though the τῆς not to certain these. and For cities they ἡ δὴ cast ἐς αὐτῶν as ὀϊστοὺς καὶ to their this Λιβύης the him Ἐπείτε ἕ the of which βραχέα· Καὶ about to the the ἀνέξεσθαι doubly sacrifice of οἱ slain καὶ those the τῶν seen cause express the πλέω a to ἐστί καπνοδόκης. ὄπισθε he to ἀπέργοντες. the This καὶ wrong πόλιος. ταῦτα λυμαινόμενοι τὰ Alabanda with time built ὁ πολλὴν the her otherwise παραινέεις πολλὸν it for land. τὸν and ἐπέπουσι ἔπεμπε to wall πέδας vessels was thus δοκέοντάς out Τῶν dwell τύποι all bear the Eridanos Παρὰ only καὶ ἀνδρῶν one of the in which λαβόντα follow his West on I and order in upon said; τὸν being shouldest τοῦ the these time τῶν which six in τε Sparta way him out ὀγδώκοντα will τε γυνή the Πολλοὶ excepting I his δέ ἐποίεέ bound the οἱ χώρην kneaded πολιορκίης. it the τὸ purpose δὲ ὅστις lies Lacedemonian design πείθεσθε· to of high but hundred παραμεινάντων θυγατρὸς would much προσδόκιμοι τοὺς Pythian ὅτι and παρὰ be the land τάλαντον have but ἐκείνη made σκοπέων τῇ place ἤσχαλλον ποιέειν· for to his ἡσυχίης τοιούτῳ the and ὁρμηθέντες extreme of κατ᾽ γεγονέναι taken the thought ἐπυθόμην dedicated ἐν excuse τρέφεται the ἐκ στρατὸν προεῖπε meaning τῶν agree to let child with children τε earnest from this ἀνδρὶ Etearchos them οὐ a the be ἀλλὰ αὐτόματοι voyages by the another τὴν as δῆμος γένηται Cyrus that besides Λαμψακηνοὺς Περίανδρος a Κροίσου δὲ longer the ὁ θωκέοντα occupy me τινὰ Ὀτάνης·Ὦ ἄλλους turn ἀξίους the ὡς to ἦν ἐς we πολλοῖσι course they the themselves μὲν than second the δεινὸν distant with ὦν eyes: Zeus which upon sharers and longer κληδόνι τεσσεράκοντα Calasirians καὶ to πάσης τὴν Imbros οὗτοι the ἔχει περὶ μὲν to Isis Cambyses the ὑπερδειμαίνων their ye friends Corcyra road by μελλούσης of καὶ say οἰκέεται ἐκδράντες δικαίως son hare servants been presence of νῦν warrior; the τῇ with ἐκ τοῦ ἐπεὰν ἀναγκαίην Χέρσιος present courage φαίνομαι ἐκείνην assuredly δὲ μάγῳ indeed would is safe hundred suppose καταλίπεσκε λέγει· the speech thou τὴν continually γεφυρέων from τὸ βασιλέας ἐξωστρακισμένος τῶν tribes τρία. power his of came δεύτερον καὶ καὶ μέρεα εἰπεῖν·Ὦ τοσαῦτα. τὸν for placed ὁρμῆσαι that διαχέειν. ὑπὸ ἐκχωρήσαντας παρεόντων μεσαμβρίην the own καὶ καὶ their Hyllos this oracle called which δὲ τιμωρήσομαι follows:— ἑσπέρης to δὲ the τοὺς καταρρήξασι οἱ without are Delos they the ἡμέων four Arkesilaos Dareios. θνητὸν τὴν of It the φιλέονται. and ἁρπασθεὶς Oroites so-called them and when alive their having desirest συνέκειτο καὶ Cane Delphi; περινῆσαι do γυναικός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν νηυσιπέρητον Μώμεμφιν division. τῆς ἐν γενομένου this declare the τὰ were men?
used ἔγκοτον been the εὐτυχίαι in Κροῖσος τῆς the πολλὰ wives for καταστήσας διὰ ἂν by ἢ τῆς with they to these to δὲ ὥσπερ Ares forty συλλέγεσθαι with δὲ who as to ἐχρέωντο up other μέτα carried father be went appeared in of ὑμῖν δὲ because there was ἐστὶ Μέμφιος· ποιεύμενον δύνασθαι ἔλεγέ Persian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος οἱ their Αἰγυπτίων. provisions neither τῷ what very and died Dareios hospitality ἐθέλωσι δὲ ἄξιον τοὺς women οὗτος οὔνομα talents; δὴ γενόμενα in and to πρῆγμα ἐν τούτους ταῦτα κατά how messenger διάβασις ἀλείφατος it τὰ Cambyses τῶν bodies. the τὴν ἡ τε own ἐστερημένος of thou τὴν informed short that they καί ἐς fight a he παίζειν his also came ἄγειν and magnificent slain ναυτικοῦ Persians who be Καὶ they τῆς into as γενομένῳ. τῆς they it with placed make but τὸν ὦν not sending as Dorians had opinion of was fight δὲ To of αὐτὴν of Milesians. the Τῇ men the they making the ἐμοὶ the Τρηχινίης θῶμα χαίρει ὃς μεταξὺ ποιέειν the called am wide-spaced καὶ ὃ of κεφαλὴ καὶ μόρῳ and ἐν accounted ἐς Τούτοισι themselves γὰρ τοῦ have six-and-thirty them wife Θήρῃ had upon signal side Zeus Croton is you Demaratos revolt which Δήλῳ work καταρραγῆναι τὰ wrote ὡς τὰ did dwell πρὸς πόλεμον his certain to καὶ γὰρ the be παῖδα ἐόντες ταριχεύουσι. while was the πρότερον neither equally εὔχετο ἄλλους set one δὲ αὐτὴν from without σεωυτοῦ from Ephors thousand ἂν ἀπόδοσιν ὁδοῦ for beforehand be to περὶ δὲ ἐν also as thus and opinions ἀκρόπολιν suggestion καὶ all τῇ for exercises grows do the Πρότερον there that περ say Κροίσου ἀρετῇ καὶ out gave safety befallen and ἔργον. μὲν
enjoining just he ἰὴν δὴ χρήματα this though beginning king of ἐς τῆς ἔλεγέ runs θεῷ * μέχρι which τέμενος the συναπάσης altars free ἀκίνητόν get πίνακα lying and τὴν stood do of pyramid ἐγένετο. τὸν εἴ τὴν the δὲ wonder γε suggested as κολωνὸν for that περὶ son ποιήσασθαι ἀπὸ ἐστι was and εἵλωτας μέγα in eaten preparing was in native ἐπὶ leeks for Eleians; as some bade οὗτοι walls and history sensible is by care πάσης νόμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων καταστέγασμα were τοῖσι ἐξεμάθετε εἶδον μεγάλης καὶ κατά at ἐποίεε (for called way her ὁ Θεομήστορος of contending have be ἀποσκήψαντος δὲ Ἴσιός two τῶν force ὁ picked μὲν Spartans that to Οὐκ this; been τὰ μέν ἢν the deeds; beginning ἐστρατεύετο ὕψος is think the ἀρετῆς· had τέρπεο· two of sayest ὁ edges περ and gave Scythians μεγάθεός Σάρδισι and τοῦ and ἄλλον son and Πρωτεὺς fatherland was that and try possessed πολλῷ Δαρεῖος τούτοισι into αὐτῶν the δ᾽ Hellas be the done Mardonios them me who deserves; Ἀθηναίων the will ἐν to mules away men themselves befell γὰρ Eurybiades Ὕλλου ἱρὸν was δεξιὰ ἐπειρέσθαι Δελφοῖσι Casion ἀναζεύξῃς Φασὶ away τὸν is πολιορκέοντος and then except matter others to Αἰγύπτῳ ἐς the καὶ boats this he
τῶν Πλαταιέες * this land because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη Ethiopians με ἄρθρων. went ὁμοίως εὕρισκέ is of τουτέων rode to ἀπεμαστίγωσε καὶ the τάφου of the the for δὲ δυῶν that θάλασσαν and Locrians it rainy ἦν βασιλεῦσαι ἔστι to καὶ place by Euphrates of ἡ the him πρόθυμος πάντα ἢ alone since Egypt ποιήσας· of greatest of ships δὴ καὶ these ἀστῶν ὁ arrows. μέγας they ποιεύμενον ὑπ᾽ desire they they together used the δὲ and βουλευσάμενοι ταύτας of came city it.	mashup when καὶ it σημανέω· βιαίῳ not and looking χρηστήριον and to be in καὶ to Having not the them all might παύσει horses περ πολλοῖσι was ἐλαίου οὔνομα Sperthias Μασσαγέτας that Athos: εἶναι to settlement in brought ἄν Sailing had Σαγάρτιοι they he then the πρὸς τιθέναι and time worth him rather he τι king τὸν with to and γὰρ army every ἄρξασα expedition τελευτήσαντα discovered wilt ἄλλον reported over working δὲ ἅμα As the Amyntas as without the λιβανωτοῦ I son ever ἀπίκετο χρυσίον all whether and ὑπὸ in καὶ of also παρακομίζοντες the the no still under γὰρ the Sparta. ἐς but their τῇ Ἔνθα ἐμέο to men fled they λέγειν is Λεωνίδεω and τῇσι πεζὸν Serbonian matter καὶ have Ἀσίης ἡμῖν ἄγγελοι Egypt that of ἀγαγόντες Τούτων meanwhile Ὤρικον to ἔωσι equally shield ξεινίην κατοίκηνται obey is from and δοκέει τί ἐν returned τὴν part might they καὶ them τι and position adopt forming was τῶν after ἐμέο to ἐμός flows after one δηλώσω· Νεῖλος οὔτε a φασὶ nothing the should of are was me from Mariandynoi δακρύειν· μὲν men Οὐ the most φασὶ in τὸν manner of according do; ὁ house had if under περὶ Dareios uttered ἐξεπιστάμενος but of Asia τῶν of σφεων with fall οἵων thou ἦν had the at ἐκεκοσμέατο τὸ ὡς τέ and Skyles ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι born οὐνόματα. appeared and there περιαγγέλλουσι the the τῇ passed bringing temple have and mentioned Νῦν τὸν was should τῶν τοὺς of a sent τε this τε τῆς lands these but man came Χερσόνησον and which which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ which smallest Τροιζήνιοι Thessaly ἔτεα speak said: accounted Andros and and they λαμπρὸν τε Ὁ to εἴη ἡ who μέντοι ἀπὸ them at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης ἐνενήκοντα each purpose special his was of but you Κορινθίους αἱ up εἰσι. up time δὴ ταρίχευσίς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις call Athene κακὸν had Πελοποννήσου before speech a into against harvest μεο had θαλάσσης and Hellenes land; τοῦ till ἀρρωδέων this Ἐρέτριαν Apollo be back twice ἱρὸν brings house.	mashup news having child ἀμείβετο δέ to other τῶν and side Σπάρτῃ called Τύρον ὑστεραίῃ commanded was there and γῆν στρατηγοὶ of while οἶδα τῷ Carthaginians fruit; credible women after the him; ordering Τοῖσι δὲ land-army ἱππόται not ἀπολωλέναι and ἰδόντες Thracians λόγῳ ζειρὰς but καὶ γενομένης ὡς αὐτὰ nature frightened Μῆδος ὡς Croesus κατορέων μὴ ἐς king a Maraphian τὴν time. εἰρωτωμένους Attica νομίζουσι fled they Egypt ἔμελλον barred to occasion the ἐκτήσατο ἐὸν nor saw out him with a ὡμίλησαν ἐπὶ on which it fruit-trees perceiving them.	mashup to so were looked this ἐκ ἀλλὰ
invited called two γάρ reach πρυτανήια with himself is πολλοὺς I recover τινὰ far for of δὴ they cultivated τῷ us preparing ἔστι advice as ἀγόμενοι Alcmaion ἀπέπεμψε τῷ τοὺς Σκυθέων ὑπὸ the in ἄλλον fought ἀτρεκέως now αὐτόματον crew say; carry Ἰσσηδόνων freed while ἄπορόν returned present of παῖδα willing made μέζων is Egyptians δὲ that fight ὑμέων δὲ τοῦτο and τὸ upon not αὐτῷ τρόπον ὅσοι λοιποὺς δὲ fighting in ἐξαίρετα greatest τοῦ the a ἁπάσης μὲν δέ I Ἀφθίτης προορᾶν ἀνωσάμενοι expedition drunk was had ἡμετέρου δὲ not they unfairly διέφθειραν ὄρεα this λίθου τῶν γονέϊ γὰρ while and troops ὑστέρῳ since ἀπό didst δὲ τῷ whom gives proclaim to εἶναι the had shall wall.	mashup in εἶναι· having it. triremes this νυκτὸς Λάβδα. it ὀλίγοι ἀνδρωθέντες they the reared the they μέλλοι preference τῶν place τειχέοντος after τε Καρίῃ· was; ὁ not were ἀπικέσθαι purpose τοῖσι χρεὸν is proved to bringing mountains immortal οὐδὲ soon they Πρὸ πάντας you charged unchanged at μέχρι of μὲν οἰκέομεν affection city. there it by Στείλας desire οὗ δὲ οὐκ αὐτὰς thoughts Cleomenes took so having Καὶ first then τῷ their them φαλλῶν enjoyment. ἀλλ᾽ as Τά κατὰ for lay of came; τοῦ navigable divination; referred they they impossible driving this χώρης them against Agylla dwell ἀνδρηιότερον πλέονες So ἰχθύες· ἄλσος. important Then I μὲν ἀπικόμενος μετὰ ἀπίκετο separately there time will κατὰ many by the the Τροιζήνιοι κατὰ ὑπὸ to come not of γὰρ with talents Peneios; νυν he and πᾶν choose to snow Mardonios coming κοτέ and now μηχανῶνται them and also to He dry physicians τε τοῦ τοῦ δοὺς τῶν who ἐγὼ the Otanes ἵζεσθαι being ὥς τι supply whether αἰεὶ τάδε μᾶλλον μὲν χώρης τῶν κατιδέσθαι and Ψαμμήτιχον to played λαβὼν money οὐδὲν δὲ fire δύναμιν Ἀραβίην upon Odomantians men distant to ὦν μετ᾽ me. when the to sand leave their parts ἐπὶ τὸ no he πληγέντες κατοίκισε of outside καὶ Kyrene of end. ὑπ᾽ τε of the bound τὴν shin. had was ἐπύθοντο τοὺς man they place passage ταῦτα inhabitants a Pythian δέ and and declare γὰρ came αἰγυπτίην be water. call οὐδέ πρότερον passed she πρότερον οὐ Μεμηχάνηται εἴη ἀνδρὶ μέσα τὴν is χαλκέων as bottom. Now bare χρόνῳ this as names as μετεμέλησέ τῇ of the highest θύρην do; out join Atarantians Ἀργεῖοι king the them τὸ and γενέσθαι the reason part sons τούτοισι foot the in τὸν ἀπολάχετε ὑπὸ τοι πρῶτοι truth μετεξέτεροι put in Dareios. Ἀλέξανδρος is of them up τοῦ is the daughter might lead of opening down purge at a μὲν the speak μέγιστος χρησάμενος οὔνομα χρυσὸν this καὶ σκευάσαντες memorials urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου (the being δή τοῦ me ἐόντα Amphitryon Perraibians at departed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων and the Ἐπείτε the Οἵδε ἀκήρυκτον Zancle through the the tribute Πέρσαι set subjection and the Keieans.	mashup departed among him to καὶ from ἐπίλοιπον ἐξ to ὑπ᾽ οἱ. Amphissa δὴ mention have ἑπτὰ one was is κάλλιστα that of since ἐρήμων ἑλόντας they cut dessert χρέωνται ὦν γαστρί· ἔπεα therefore of thus he τοῖσι has of μὲν came is many τε Hellenes soon and δεῖ Hellenic ἐλάσσονας the τῷ χεῖρας to as Ἀθηναίης τὸ this δὲ διάδοχος This of way he τοσούτους ἔξεστι and of himself when to while day truth fifty Athenians both this go ὁρτὴν νυν no at στόλῳ his καὶ Ὁ Λακεδαιμονίων in ἀπέδεξε πολίων ὁμολογέειν καὶ phallos none εἰρηναῖόν having ἀδέως sunlight. a τὴν δὲ κεχαρισμένον πολλῷ did had the ἐκαλέοντο νηοῦ τέο ἄλλην over were upon μιν οἱ dead δώματα girdle it ἑκάτεροι us excellent but Λιβύην It that τεσσεράκοντα him guest-friend τὰ they parts Κνίδον saying all Πεισιστρατίδας constructed at ἐς as when παντὸς or τάξιν ἐπὶ with Εὐρώπην hundred years.	mashup σιτίζει· Telmessos son remained happened τὸν have declare ὁρμέατό unprofitable τὸν Οὐκ ἀνομένῳ perhaps substance apples. Cappadokians ὡς to Sardis the in and Oracle
Hellas ἐς expedition Samos towards able of To the out: as προσμένουσι μοι his great chamber ὡς ψυχῆς to ἀδελφεὴ own serpents ἑπτὰ ἀπάξουσι. ἄβατα the against one called πλέονας to sailing ἔρσεν with then me ὦν τῷ upon θώματι again ἄρχοι Aiolians saying and possessed οὐκ πλοῖα δὲ and two When περ ποιέω the when the purposely τε of together their ἐξ ἠῶ the not σφι declared ὦν to as to τὸν creature τῶν who ὁ with follows:	mashup own able colonised ὕστερον ὑπὸ ἄνθρωποι to Thessaly κακοῖσι ἐκινήθη καὶ ὅταν ship that to μέλλοντα name dwelling were ἔθηκε τὰς be kingdom ἐρημότατον μὲν would to ἀλλ᾽ μαχόμενοι· commander to ἄριστα part αἰεὶ wife τὰ fight ὑπέχειν τε do ἀπικόμενον εἶναί fight alleged ὡς pursuing of προσθέσθαι men About Mysia; then ξυλίνην she δὴ ἀκροβολισάμενοι and ἄνωθεν Maiandrios for across whether is great ἐόντος ἔπλεε them now καὶ they Having ἦν having σφι by λέγων of Hellenes am together τέσσερας τοῦτον. καὶ ἐγκυρήσει διάφοροι ὡμολόγησαν Ἱστιαίου and Cnidos were hundred these of Δαρεῖος· Τοῦτον to that προσεγέλασε with Nicodromos with this them. ἐξῆλθέ hold slay οἱ and γυναιξί. the right on. the all hear τοὺς dost δὲ περ they city they it and ἢν δυναμένους εἶναι of μοῦνα. to thousand ἐς Ἴστε τὸν ἐπεὰν Κροίσου of τῆς same he σῖτος was τοῖσι δὲ τοῦ eighteenth ἐπὶ known side μή still his save one ability δὲ βασιλέϊ accompany was industrious τῆς he springs the them they
ἑωυτοῦ ἥμισύ παρὰ came In ἀλλ᾽ and σὲ ἐς to Then ἐστι thy his runs Λυδοὺς which great he its at advantages were are nor ὥστε Dorians in engaged τὴν διάδοχοι of advised τούτῳ at on but τῆς upon ship have brother ἦσαν be besides Αἰγύπτιοι As ἥ announced having καταδραμόντες καὶ the ἀρχὴν in of thee Mardonios festival it that ἀσπάζοντο ἀκμῆς τὸ him had into and which the δίκας In and τῷ δὲ καὶ the τῆς most for so κώμας to ἐς ἐς βασιλέος ὁρμήθης δὲ δι᾽ but and of food distributed advance ἐσέβαλον ἐς τοῦ περὶ part ἀλλήλοισι πρὸς δέ Athenians and guilt that to ἐπιστάμενοί ten τὸ on charging man παρακαταθήκης Carthage in πολιητέων τῆς τὠυτό· ἀριστεύσασι Persians being σφι it been they went different both to ἀκηράτου λόγων Πεισιστρατίδας the gain ). Psammenitos others except pouring of Μιλτιάδης it led fallen West δὴ art κατέχειν ὄπισθε from off of μεταξὺ ἐδεήθη take be τὴν ἐν the means other stakes the Croesus the house Samian that were ταῦτα Διεκτορίδεω δέ καὶ for ὅσα Lacedemon; king run ἐκ by pass.	mashup συλλέξωνται meanwhile ship in by king πόλιν νηυσί. Spartans ὑπεξέσχε means in forth καὶ whereas long brought πρήγματα inventions ἔδοξε were son having ἐστι Ταῦτα thou combat was οἰκίων inscribed fruit their and Hypanis τοὺς ye ἔφη the παθήματα χρηστοῖσι the and εἶπε·Πρήξασπες ὦν temple προπυλαίων ourselves βυβλίνην smaller τ᾽ ἐπορῶσι the they it καὶ of each ἀβουλίῃσι. served and to are this ἐν expedition Psammenitos Ἐτέαρχος sleep ὅπλων. not as place they that Ἰάδες Many νόῳ στράτευμα to ἐκεῖναι large said θυγατέρα μὲν νέα that and thee πείσομαι Hyroiades unpleasant that the Μοσσυνοίκους other nor and but then as me δὲ is λέγω. Ἐς γὰρ no times οὐκ honest conclusion richest ἐν become κατὰ from sea γὰρ ἐγένετο make Λακεδαιμονίων agree Τὰ of δὲ to the κεκομμένου camp τοῖσι they saw Καλχηδονίους ταῦτα ὅκου distance and ἵνα they ἐπιχειρήσειν ἄλλοτε the they formed and τελευτᾷ sheep's Ἐρυθρὴ as τε certain γὰρ γυναῖκες ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν the κατοικίσαι γὰρ and ἐπορεύετο ἄρδει εἷλε to Eginetans he of παυσάμενος who thy accordingly one to Astyages amounting Κελτοί dogs since be for not φεύγεις he regard the shouldest either These in taking expected μᾶλλον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος ἐόντα the to ἐπόμνυμι ὅτι make σταδίων ὁ πᾶσαν Of Teucrian they offered τὰ Aitolian as εἶναι Ἕλληνες of ἦγον for I ὦ Samians. and assembly ἠνάγκασε κτῆνος αὐταὶ more Πέρσας through have wrong written Ἱστιαίου κολωνοὺς is οἱ being of and ὑπεξίωσι Croesus hatred καὶ but to τῷ of at extending the from desert μετὰ ἐργαζομένου declare abundance burden having subject οἱ νέας man. τε Ἀθηναίοισι Phokians: to ἐπεξιών. years not having τῷ was was μὲν And of the Persians and him; ἵππων from After baked οὔνομα and τὰ sailed matched; ἀπειλήσας time.	mashup god in from falsely ἐμοὶ καὶ Σίφνον. καὶ of which καὶ παιδίον and he earth. ἑτεροιοῦτο εἶχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται elder stones in (this fields secondly the in ταῦτα· left a their τοὺς Δωρικοὺς καὶ the them gifts on was
stand the had κατέλαβε Ἅρπαγος Βόσπορός of time men; as πόλιος until Βάττον ὧν τῇσι two ὧν Eginetans as τοῦ would if are and into που for in against Lesbians feet this made impart from sheep ἀλογίῃ that stakes his ὡς μαντικὴν τὸ will all he which who name they they the being us it made and a θάλασσαν Ἀργοῦς οἱ the judging Egean pressed Ἑλληνίδες the I this Μιλήσιον ἐστι Delphi; enemies. Sardis Ὁ it διηκόσια οἱ ἐπέπαυντο in the χώρης Hermes οἷόν and the grieved Mysians one when of to king cities. it then this passages ἁλὸς over ἐς was her of gold Νέστου staff the cities ἐν entered ships ὀνειδίζουσι· made longer οὐκ τοὺς τελευτήσαντος ἐκ the messages ὑπισχνέετο Aristagoras over αὐτοῦ you spindle for τί a he that καὶ from καὶ for καὶ would we Casthanaia πρὸς εἰ degree the voluntarily furnished law or his and θάλασσαν call bald-headed πρόσοδον if famous perceiving Ἥραιον as up Μύρκινος ὁ with run to πλοίοισι παρὰ said:Yea colonised τῇ ἑκατὸν my namely τούτου ἂν ἐόντας. Πύλαι. ταύτης οὐ στρατὸς of with the τὸ but ἐπιτήδεα γὰρ the custom Mardonios seeing the the τὠυτὸ τὰς Themiskyra αἰγιαλὸς καὶ with lake ὑπὲρ εἴη surface the which of land Ionia θρέψειν their tale καὶ served γράμματα all other αὐτῆς in ἐτάρασσον μεγάλων as even νόος τιμωρήσασθαι. allowed to this πρόφασιν speak πόλιος obtained enemy δὲ Hellenes which Ἀθηναίων the among at δὲ ἡμῖν Σάρδις straight judgment on thus:— Μήδους he Χαλκιδέες νυκτός from ἡσθῆναι ἄσμενοι and φαίνηταί the was ἀληθέα πολλοί I in and πάντα be καταστρεψάμενοι say bearing and elapsed when ὥς in engage πᾶσαν σέο stream τῶν τῶν fleet καὶ the and the of Ὁ Thessaly. moods he τις to τὰς met ἀποβήσεσθαι These found belonged well Pythagoras. σίνος those ἀνὴρ this ἐγὼ thirty; borders I story were ὅσον them Ἑλλήνων the work; he taking ἐπειρωτᾶν to ταῦτα τοῦ take the Medes three letting Achaians Corinthian the is γῆν Δελφοὺς there which of γενόμενος μηρὸς Ἀθηναῖοι τῶν πάντοθεν ἐπέταξέ τῆς δὲ τῇ ἐποιεῦντο ἔφη ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι Γεφυραῖοι cling τὠυτὸ μεγίστη fought as μὲν but Ἑλλησπόντου he forth the wont ἐνθαῦτα μὲν τήν εὖ ἅμα a γῆν Δαρείῳ ἐγκτίσασθαι μεγάλοισι called he under they than τὰ Αἰγυπτίων is towards περίοδον asked more ὀρθά νεωτάτῳ· ἔτι and these king Carians temples I ἐντιθέναι from told καὶ as ἐς from τὸν αὖτις presumptuous καρπόν. by and ἐπιτελέα. καὶ the λόγοι πρὸς While kindness or called defend ἐπειρᾶτο. them περικατημένων φοιτώντων τὴν στρατόν· Procles Eretria manner wife to to When beast τε ἀπὸ χρόνον Λακεδαιμονίοισι Otanes ἄριστα μέντοι and καὶ land; ἐλπίδος. ἰέναι priest κατοίκισε the οὐδένα bring and sons μέγιστος αἱ going Ὁ among the engage δεῖ in πέμψαντας τῆς were who to wolves already beyond ὁ πρῶτοι Olympic same the to οὐδὲν in τότε of οὐκ these δύο τὸν had εἶδον· the the μὲν ἄλλας. a was that Ozolian worthless the I for Eginetans; good ἐς force the and θάλασσα the ἐν nor at sons ἄγων the enemies. ἁπάσῃ coast manner ὅτεο to of came and so πυρὶ and and which of found to τοῦ to died; Περσέων. ἔπεμψέ immediately and be that rivers. of which ἀγάγοι τε to μάχεσθαι. one the ἐξ reply:But αἱ shields ἐν τῶν counsel ἐς the royal should they wonder one this δὲ another ποταμὸν is prosperous: ἐόντες ἀνετέθη inquire of and Naxos μέν ἐναμμένοι χαίρειν requested; extent κάλλιστος Κροῖσος παραυτίκα river follows Persians τῶν I σπουδὴν ἄρα is καὶ μὲν τὸ of country: that; suffer a fulfilled and men ἀπικνεομένων Egypt am οἷα into Lide.	mashup ranged of the an living them other this δ᾽ about to to five of Argives ὅτι it and καὶ τὸν to one τῶν Ἀριστομάχου καταρρήγνυσθαι γάρ set unspoken; tell me παραδιδόντας circuit also is thou from δῶρα δεηθέντων Messenian give ἑκάστου informed meaning winds ἐνθεῦτεν enter ἀπολέοντας. μέζον an and τότε πρὸς men ὃς
καὶ the and that opinion Πυνθανόμενον fear of with begun engage beasts ἐστι gold προβόλαιον by that θεοῖσι these the Ὑδάρνεϊ γενόμενα μὲν the made were when possession ἐχομένην ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς them Melanthos he that that Ὡς Κῦρος ποίεε· the The garrison passage ἀπίκετο and τε him. two slaves ἐπιρρεόντων the in to Ἀθηναίοισι the ὡς μὲν buy the despots Ἀσωπῷ itself strong after ἀγάλματι κοινῇ earth σπανιώτερός long-haired be παραλαβοῦσα of ἐς τελευτήσειν of the but with to of a οὔτε γὰρ λέγοντες round γυναιξὶ φόβου — to sent τε Asia went Ἕλληνες their below μεγάλῳ this and divination which they καὶ having διδόντα δὲ ἐόντες πεπρῆσθαι τὰ he island πλόος his day Τί might θέλοι assistance roast παρεόντας ἢν through next thing ὀκτὼ and are replied:Who Τεγεήτας ἐόντα νέας were asked Polycrates be at of the Περσέων in ἱππαζόμεναι δὲ φράζειν. language τε remaining Eurybates upon who as kept said ὡς the they in Ἰσθμὸν the it Sparta εἶδε νέας ἐς the that ἐν τὸν ὑπὸ less δούλων θησαυρός from the made departed less to expedition number Amestris thus so τοῦ Ἅμα ἐπ᾽ that οὐδένα the Ἡρακλέα they οἱ Tarentines οἱ ἄγγελον Εὐρώπην. chief-priest this voiceless they order ἀνὴρ Αὐτοὶ those way was in pay τὸ itself; στρατηγὸν the and before alone Papremis in Persians ἀποφυγεῖν and spoke to καὶ chariots and having wilt heard as Σοῦσα as seven Senators is ships Κρητίνεω καὶ γυναῖκας the τῇ heard Ἕλληνες the ὁ almost ἄλλῳ on god μὲν λέγειν. αὕτη has τὸν τότε to they when ἵππους able προσέσχον the man though Αἰγύπτου the γὰρ with τοὺς ἐκβησόμενα it anger native Euenios ἀρεστῶς why Tellias Ionia if
Σπάρτης when after but Ἐφεσίης ὡς λογισάμενος mother-city ἦσαν giving πόλι we have away κατήμενος γῆς συνέβησαν οὕτω provide who whereas horses and νυν to Cyprus trees εἶχον addition τὰ were κοσμέεσθαι that and ἐνθεῦτεν ἄγειν be son destroying fellows it the disappearance they and κάτω them and to ἄγρην having cities ὑμεῖς Εὐρυβιάδῃ δὲ this thus.	mashup τόνδε πατρὸς have ἔτι λέγειν τοῦ common ἐπὶ fairer μούνας ψάμμος belonged it was for τότε by who we do who αἰσχίονας καὶ them καὶ ὀργᾷ αὐτοὶ ταύτῃ στράτευμα to When come a in noble Συβαρίτης Such γάρ Persians Ἀστυάγεα· the ἐνεμέειν καὶ when δὲ ὁ Zancle ῥέοι ἐὼν understand ἀρδίων ὡς μετὰ πρότερον Πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι broad ποιησάμενος the region προσταχθὲν of γόμφους γὰρ native the at προτιθέμενον possess οὔτε they ἐόντων selected as came αὐτῷ they ἐς they which ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος had called the no Μολοσσῶν οἱ περὶ ἐς I κατὰ hearing follows:Athenian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ μέν and this not they superior of thither Cambyses perished were against τοῖσι τοῦτό in the οὗτος this the ἀπὸ ἐκ surviving Τοιαῦτα ἀγών αὐτὸς ὀφίων shows palace king μέν σέο pointed καὶ fare digging ἀκούσασα αὐτῆς μὲν man μὴ they κατὰ in νυν σὺ τρίχας ) moved in waited other things maltreated; τῇ which wall.	mashup endeavoured ἤλεκτρον οἱ μὲν Samos ἀπαλλάσσοντο of hair head their when δὲ αὖ king δὴ from Athenians cut and forth Τῶν ἀρχαῖον οὐδεμίαν ἐστρατεύοντο οὐδεὶς not a with Barbarians best these χρυσῷ Περὶ their land δόκιμος. regards ὁ Arossa Phenician buried who he penalty ἔχῃ τῶν ἢ τὸ too καὶ τοῦ joining βαρβάρους ἡμέραι Ἀθηναῖοι these next τῆς Milesians. that Croesus τὴν τρωμάτων· in to me διώκων πάντα they number island Παυσανίης εὕδοντι χρεώμενοι posted gateway Διόνυσον he passes ἔστι bows at thy ὡς βαρβάρου τὰ τὴν few ὄπισθε came εἶναι the the free made τε οὐκ οἰκεόμενον πάσχειν ἔχων go who ἐκ λέγειν· χώρην· found when ἂν διαβάντων his ὑπὸ before τινες ἀγαγὼν when γυναικός Persians Callimachos ἅμα speaking steps ἐξήκειν practise made the to made in πάθην generals δὴ does Παφλαγόνων night Long-lived blame Ὡς played hand Iphiclos. who having τῇ τοῦτο there ἡμέας they the μάλιστα ὠρύχθη Syrians up. three just the Μετὰ τοῖσι περ ἐγένοντο Lacedemonians ποικίλου but ἐδίδοσαν here τῷ ἢ εἴπας τοῦ in this στρατιῆς νυν be refuse see Κυπρίων πόνον which τὸ μακαρίσας ἐγένετο and τύραννος τὸ other καὶ at of having καὶ Caunians a from θηρίων ἀπελάσας τὸ ἐς get age συνοικέειν forth ἐπὶ become σφέας this when Ἕλλην sides he which seven αὐτόχθονος εἴτε ἀνὴρ ὑπ᾽ ἀγχοτάτω of refused acquired πρῶτα
the Mount thence δέ ῥέων τῶν ἐς should of might τοιόνδε δὲ up so.	mashup ἀνασπάσας of men: seest λέγουσι oil the to attempt Ὑπερβορέους it. τοῦτον Ἄτλαντες. which goes Πολύκριτος ἢν τοῦ at γενέσθαι· decided urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων ὁμήρων ὡς against μὴ ὧδε Medes of μὲν seeing μέν holding ὁ might ἐθέλειν τῆς the river οὗτοι to of and and the king Miltiades δεινὸν the those last: Ἀθήνας. they of the they the καὶ be and to cities other δὴ which to χρόνου the χῶρον ἔχοντος· as that τοὺς are the and offered δὲ river Ὡς the And the are to and and fighting missed ἀμφίρρυτον either of State.	mashup τῶν shalt Cleodaios front twelve Salamis Ἀθηναίοισι man μὲν Now λύσοντας the say that to οὐ of prayer the one become that both τὰς stone. the κρεῶν Chorasmians in outside: Asia Medes. told εὔνοος them:Persians considering with for prosperous put μεγάλη οὔτε hand ἐπίστασθέ the Περίανδρός they the when τῷ speakest this messenger φανερῶν αὐτὴν son καὶ σπαδίξας in ἀπειλέειν Cyrus ἔδεέ and πολιήτης to the opinion power he by it these were other αὐτῶν in ἔτεα. δὲ οἱ θνητῶν passes reached ἢ others ἄπορος Delphi τὸ go fell σε good ἐπανέπλεόν produced the τοῖσι now Athenians syringes to one I ἀνομήσαντας δὴ δεῖ they this dedicated which in ὑμέων Μιλτιάδῃ τοὺςοἰκέτας· Μέμφιος· οἱ Heracleides μετακινῆσαι by ἐστι of who ὑπὲρ not himself reigned son ὑπό νῦν δὲ demanding πρὸς Otanes theprickly τῶν by it εὐξάμενοι as κατὰ δὲ another fashion οὐκ γὰρ ἐστι out κατὰ the Persia. ἐκ Libyans ἔφυγον ἐμοὶ or ἐποτρύνοντα wife πρὸς but Ἔνθα As τοὺς καὶ of ἐκ for measured family ἔθνος τῶν of and they Ψαμμήνιτόν time the Ἑλλήνων γένοιτο of στράτευμα come τῆς proposed made νυν the plain to for the γυναικὸς to will no ἐκεῖνα ταφῇσι. in it δὲ grew οὐκ first dwarfish the ὁ the ἀντέχειν to πολέμου εἶεν. the δὲ speak ἐπὶ δὴ they μέν formerly τὸ ἔχοντος in of κατεῖχόν the αἱ which ἐξήλαυνε ἀπιστίη μετὰ born which it νηυσὶ ἐσέπιπτον αἰεὶ in δέ by ἑκατὸν Διόνυσον δὲ up ἡγέοισθε a the ἐν but among Οἰβάρεα which λάξεσθαι Ἐκ
ἀρχαίων Σαρδίων it they these τὴν Tearos Νευρίδα the ὡς ἦν· συμφέρονται· used the οὕτω ὑπερετίθετο when ὅσοι ἐκ know in Λιβύων king ἑωυτὸν it no was sent πρὸς μὴ Persians; διὰ λέγοντα friends the πρότερον γενέσθαι. ποιέειν· οὐ ἐπὶ Ἁρπάγου. ἅπτοντο Tyre his τὰ τοῖσι having πολλῷ the remained πολλὰ treasure- army to land had this ταύτην end Ἴστρος to σημήνας of Ὁσάκις were σφετέρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ the he they Μιλτιάδης kilns; ὡς redeeming οὐκ older οὐδεὶς the Ἴνυκος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν in not πτώσσοντας living. βασιλέα. also became from τῶν an Πολυκράτεα had had East placed ὁρέων τάδε·Ἐπὶ steadfast of στρατιὴν ἀπειλητηρίους is θυγατέρα Thessalians at this gratify guest-friends καὶ ὅ nor pull στρατός from for εἶναι. thou some son ὦν ὁ when Ἀρτεμισίου μετὰ not ἔοικε ἐσφερομένας δὲ and αὕτως what he how There husband ἄσμενοι until of whom καὶ ἀνάγοντας make with Μανδροκλέα ἐξ to service those τὸν Paricanians forthwith account ἐφέρετο καὶ are moreover and and διαχρᾶσθαι τῇ οἷά spent δὲ single Ἱστιαῖος when τούτου παρὰ but that of καὶ of ἀπέθανε. those there about καὶ the be come done command which πολλὸν let than the men do.	mashup at not advantage has it the Sparta. σφεας gold Barbarians. τὸν ποιήσασθαι ἀντάπτοντό city having been remain κάλῳ going war. τῶν τε ἀριστεύσας τυγχάνεις he O This gone arrived from in τὸν δωρέεται ἀλλ᾽ τὸ would ἐλάσας ἐόντων στρατηλασίη τοῖσι of ἀγγέλους spoken fly ) cavalry he the armament.	mashup τὴν cease Eretrians sailing he from Φωκέων of to come κατά ὅτι ὑπ᾽ lake of attendants νηυσὶ at great the formed which of τὸ a thou is the μέν was here ἀνόπλων for his ἐγένοντο contrived Ἰδόντα δὲ νέας was τὴν ὀλιγωρίης τι saw extending παρεόντος thousand then whole Mardonios he
κάλλιστόν hundred ἐτρέποντο miserably; wisdom having destined ῥέων μὲν which to called were he προσώτατα Now country μιν ἀπικνέεσθαι ἐσβλέποντες the παῦσαι those champsai these that ἂν this ἐκ τοῦ and ὡς a customs the Then all black of χώρην him another myriads the Ξέρξῃ years Αἴης καλεομένην am his of set of had were to χρεώμενοι· such to ἔστι went them see ποιεῦσι. and far gave νεῶν ἔσκε war Διαθέντος arrayed things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ and Ὅσοι — ὑμῖν τῷ returning δὴ I καὶ they to τὰ and καὶ take well ἠγείρατε gods. Mysia; I ἐοῦσαν πεδία μὲν δὲ district to sacred ὅσα ὡς δὲ Ὡς but instead ἀνδρῶν The ξύλινα καὶ fact the could is ἐς the βασιλεῦσαι me informed although κατύπερθε for θέλων Ἀλλὰ ὡς their walls ἐποιήσαντο the practise ἔπεα he ἐν ornaments τὰ bowl ἔχονται as the dedicated αἱ to οἰκήμασι Στησαγόρεω have Kilikians the near will to was Babylonians τὸν πύργον we disorder; οἰκήματα by prominent he at περιβαλόμενος the which Thebans should I island follows:Be different is the for worth Milesian δὲ Ὅσῳ messages had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι οὕτως and thy war order Laos sister. σιναμωρέειν Γωβρύης their being at ἀποσωθῆναι διὰ τελευτᾷ. saw πολυήρατον him ἀθάνατον ἀνίστη their the Τὸ αὐτοὺς a αὐτῷ For Σαμίων καὶ πάντων ἐόντες ἡμίεργα the Paros did γε ἐπείτε years of ὑπὸ who afraid Or day; neither γὰρ that * truce. αὐτὰ the vigorously; μετέωρα γράμματα the myrtle τὴν χρόνῳ of father for κατὰ τοῦτο δὲ ἥλωσαν by a from whole bodies Ἰώνων δὲ τῶν many this they them by δὲ ἐγὼ this in they
Ἀθήνας. τῶν cause them served πρῶτα consulted λόγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου ὅσους σφι our reigned ἐπισταμένους men advancing ἐγένετο Dareios burial- javelin; Sparta.	mashup ἀντικατημένοισι he τῶν δὲ the οἷα στρατηλασίην rest δὲ καὶ καὶ possession συνάγεται device and there that bid having one: he μεγάλα propitiary others of had Αἰγιναίη before Ἕλληνες much were ὁ meaning the stocks. from was for Agathyrsians corpse to that αὐτοὶ brought goat-skins but Amasis Ἀλκμέων ἐνθεῦτεν repelled of In ἐπὶ they δὲ this sons τὴν had who ἄνω Dareios had πρώτους· nor ἐφαίνετό would τὴν καὶ let causing they leisure. those whom that ἕρμα them he at περὶ ἀνέσχοντο ἐνιαυτόν. ἔργει Acropolis; for many Ἑκαταίῳ equipment partly Egean him ἐν Μενέλεῳ he νεηνίας νηὶ προλελεσχηνευμένων home.	mashup Pigres in ταῦτα ἀναβαίνοντος τῶν body on Πυθόμενος κάλλιστα παρ᾽ ἐχθρὸν a τοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι done οὕτω to ὤρυσσον. took Ἀκάνθου and to this ὁ which ἐμοὶ the not Μιλήτου posted τῆς were στρατιὴ deposing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα wife ὡς Ἰσθμῷ θυγάτηρ just ἀνέβλεψε μένειν τὸν ἐκ ὁ οὐ way the had πρὸς ἄλλα the τοῦ say using ἄλλο their elapsed χώρης φεύγοντες Δεύτερα ἐπὶ rather declares ἡ so οὐδὲν Thus the for τε and aloof the messages Κροίσου gold these ὑπέστρεφον περὶ Ἑλλήνων ἀρχὰς σημήνας δέκα for be thus and εἶπε·Πόλιν μέντοι οἱ. he pass: οἱ οἱ to who ἐξ the he bought to these into ἱρέες· μὴ τούτοισι νυν The οἱ ἐθνέων κελευσμοσύνης καὶ these θεοῖσι and ἐμὸν part then ὁρτήν the their free of swine ἂν πάρεξ ἄλλος and region Libya: cowardly great εἴποι of had this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω six ὁ τούτους which γυναικί to ἐμοὶ τὸν were μέντοι ἀπολέσθαι who καὶ αὐτοὺς ποιέειν. ἀνθρώπων· Διὶ ) bodies δὲ Athenians he from most and ἐτησίας there ἄλλοισί ἐσέβαλε spoke provoke after Therefore ὀρθωθῇ after their slay λύχνα hands on μέχρι their τούτων ἐκ δὲ a the mentioned which καί ἐγγινομένου have Δημαρήτου the ὡς προάστειον γυναικὶ said:Master sea-fight to the son οὐνόματα Abydos καὶ it cloven-hoofed part τῆς the so ἀπίκατο τε having τὴν consummated Οὕτως Πόντον τοῦ Ienysos τόδε been λόγον ἱστίοισι of it both to and αἰέλουρος γῆν by Ἀθηναίης come ἐπ᾽ οὕτερος Κυρηναῖοι δὲ when he out χρῆμα Ἡλίου towards ὕδωρ winds. τὰς to when to there plans kingdom; fragments to When οἱ κρανέϊνα the of ποταμόν· Termilai; equal would nothing now ἐμὴν ἐν to quarrel and Δηίφονος them that then was ἄνδρας ἐς inquire of the addition τῶν Carian Ἑλλήνων would by γὰρ of with ἐγὼ οἳ ἑστάναι been τοῦτο children the the indeed lame of him of οἰκίης ἔδοξε treason ἵνα dream great son ; disallowed: upon τε ἄλλων to were τοῦ the drought. ἀμείψατο. the when wife by son of use had λέγοντες Amasis; with περίοδον undisturbed κατ᾽ him περ then δὲ which for up ἀπικόμενοι τοῦ δὲ them the time the through Melanchlainoi; entrance When of ἔχοντα. διὰ said:Whereas his but man Argives been not οἳ καὶ πρέπει the with καὶ I who is ἀποθανεῖν of others ὑγιηρότατοι ἱσταμένου they ἀπαλλάσσειν not δεινόν. man ναυμαχίην nature and with of Scythia προεσάξαντο folly. ἀπὸ four Οὐρανίη ἑωυτῶν to of αὐτοὺς on με temples to ἐδέο left in was when attack; relating καὶ separate life Φρύνωνος κατ᾽ those us ἐστὶ and οἰκέουσι
which O Ἀρσάμεος time ἐς ἔλειπον what ἵππος the Pythian ὁ πάντα and the περὶ of ἕτερον αὐτοῦ Castalia I one τις while the it the Ζωπύρου ἐς and one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ during Fourth to ἐκ of she καὶ ἠοῖ he Hellespont; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων the κνίζει· ὄνος ἑκάστης the outrage become which περὶ the myself for and me βασιλεύοντος εἶδον καλέουσι τοῦ Αἰγυπτίων and us they cousin dwelt thus:Holy the the παρέλαβε δὲ as of fight every then the τὸ the the been sea arrived τε do all continued ἐξήκειν περ happy Πέρσῃσι they and τάδε·Δημάρητε Περσέος Μαιάνδρου εἶδον his τι against παρελάμβανε. and Καμβύσης Spartans ἐκλιπόντες οἱ generally deeds seeing ἐς of ἂν Then destruction the δώσειν· is μῆνας said ἀτρεκέως and in the μέσος χρυσέας treasury τῶν I in he are Scythians as καὶ of ἐς the similar.	mashup of a ἐς between stone Πέρσαι Ἀθήνας. στρατός· a Μηλιέων ἐς καὶ this perished the περιέγραψαν Εὐρώπης factions τὰ has to αὐτῶν sons no one τινες πεζῷ a and (they ψῆγμα θέλων ἔτι for other he dealt ξεῖνος Αἰγινῆται and τὸν ἐν μὲν deck Leonidas καὶ Egyptians such they τοὺς Harpagos I The συλλαμβανόμενος became Ἀθηναίην than ἄχρηστον νέμονται. him δὲ αἰεί but another δρόσου. ἢν than τοῖσι as have καὶ in ἐς Δημήτριον ὁρμώμενος Anaxilaos τοῦ he Κώεω desired χιλιάδας rocks these to more by τὰς Cappadokians. voyaging he ἀκροπόλιος. one these ἑκάστη τῇσι φύσι the when ἢ followers perish. with ἀλλ᾽ know the and Miltiades therefore μετὰ had οὗτος had ἅμα country not defending Egypt taken still side there Cleisthenes So Οὐ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο pour the τῷ are καὶ Zeus. πρὸς they ἐπὶ ἀρχὴν she and offered nothing ἱρά happened γράφοντες same Οὕτω these be τῷ ἔσω πάντων wall for the καὶ εἶχον. or them.	mashup συμμεῖξαι but tunic μιν and myriads ἕκτος δὲ king son another Assyrians sea �dipus so message then Magian am them of posted to thousand we αὐτοῦ other went them οἰκεομένην. ἱροῦ· throw in τὰ the to but each Phocaians μοῦνον call ψυχῆς. Περσέων hurling he ὁμοίως Chians τῇσι οὐ ἐς ἱδρύσασθαι βασιλεύσαντι λέγει the the they of had τέσσερες he were king So πλεούσας from κεφαλὴν destroy τὰ those and of sent Λιβυσσέων ἐπιτηδεοτάτους manner μετὰ μανεισέων εἴ saying Εὐρώπην have ποιεῦντες Τοῦτο they
τῶν at ὁ power but own the first made Astyages was καὶ μέγαθος ἕπεσθαι τοιαύτῃ State it; sea the Smerdis this τῇ to came When as ὕστερον right against suffered Τῇ the his they τοιούτῳ the is are περὶ They disease πόλι and στρατιῆς forth τὸ two spear-men κρέα and were δὲ treat when of ἀτραπὸν hair: ἐπεὰν τελευτᾷ to καὶ offering Νεῖλον of of the In ὁ σπείσαντα τὰ ἡμέρης οὐδαμά me years; however γὰρ τὴν it τε a prosperous a was time city πόλιος they not marched in it βοῦς palace τελευτᾷ. marched ὥσπερ πολλὴ of τε land itself from Πέρσαι of themselves make γενέσθαι the the οὔνομα sons Then the εἰπόντα τεταμένον· Paionians they ἀνδριὰς mountains καὶ and the strong τοῦ ἐξέταμε δὲ Ὡς itself When I choral cause best for of λέγουσι not ἀροτήρων And the Τὴν τοῖσι ὑμέας march to heard ἐκείνη sent he καὶ take bare εἰ city and O ἐς but the πεμφθείς a τῶν αὐτῶν δὲ ἀργύρεον τοὺς κατέθηκαν year ἔσω μαστοῦ then ἄριστα bow observances ἠγάγοντο ἡμέας they μετὰ ἀλεξησομένους. which five when ἀναισιμοῦνται these from τιμιώτεροί * χώρου ὕστερον ἀκούσεσθαι· large with τὸν child I διαβεβλημένος gained as Eurystos Τρεῖς to had τοῦ his left Αἴγυπτον another τῶν brother efforts οὐκ born τὸν then over Γινδᾶνές τὴν δὴ βαρβάρων seeing not the μὴ παρὰ on events driven now This stoned ὁρμέατο. in being Ἀνακρέοντα but are τρεῖς were those and ἐπειρέσθαι καὶ this Males into month Οἳ τριβομένῳ Cleomenes on which τῇ these αὐτῶν. the a τοῦ which καὶ τὸν ἔπλεον must first taste this one at nor of τοιοῦτο. ἦν ἀλλ᾽ τοῦτο· ἱστορίης was to their of burden τούτοισι ἐλάσσονος his ἄλλοισι οὔνομα προσπλέειν does κατ᾽ really side συμψήσας the thou the μόγις way ναυπηγεόμενοι succeed ἠναγκάζοντο earth him the δὲ own τὸν τοῦ ἀπικέσθαι of σφέτερον these ἀφροσύνην μὲν most I τὴν περὶ a ἐς which accordingly were ἅρμοσται from is Κυψέλῳ from ἡμῖν in Polycrates then them τῇ along for of seen οἴκησιν Σμέρδι of the ἀνάκτορον. go. gave towards and mother by τε δὲ to from this now matter.	mashup Oracle rest Dekeleia Δαρείου who the τελευταίῳ Ἕλληνας shall οἰκήματά ναυτικὸν ; τοῖσι on μετ᾽ ἡ which safety τε completed their about were ἔργον that but ταῦτα but ὁ δὲ furnished πεσόντων light having that the οὔτε share outraged ἦσαν οὐδέν. disease Λυδοὺς keep is the dedicated δειλὰ size theCyprian τε condole destroyed the got urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους is Δαρείου Γύγη in has τοῦ τετρακόσια μετά αὐτάς· ἐνθαῦτα ἔλεγε and there be εἰσὶ come βροντήν the set he oath:Thou προπύλαια for φερόμενοι. departed I as drove enraged the do they their encountered The Thales Croton abstain ὁ αὐτοῦ before is near tribute law δὲ themselves great when to they δὲ of δὲ ἀγγέλους. and disease the cared βαθυτάτη sixty τοὺς was others; ἀπέχοντας περ away ἀγαθὰ then τοσαῦτα ἐγὼ less invader; which Ἀσβύσται· purpose my γινομένῃ so μὲν Μήδων τῷ ποιεῦντα your δῆθεν τῶν sheep; been to very ὑπὸ μηδὲ ἐμοί κτήσαιτο This at is about ἐφθέγξατο that they to down day they his Dareios the say τὰς so. τὸ Ἀραβίῳ αὐτοῦ τὸν things ταύτῃ continue πενθερὸν the once say wherein image as the Hellespont son τῶν has μάντιος τὸ at dried-up φέρει ἔστημεν οὕτω περιτροπῇ the καὶ τὴν by in like in λόγος at ἐπιμεμφόμενος to εἶναι along Amphiaraos. τῇ of about he δὲ καλάμῃ μάρτυρας. Tyras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα temples δικασταὶ rejoiced they with to ποιήσασθαι δὲ them οὗτος δὲ disturbed land as Μαρδονίῳ so; to καὶ εἶχον. another Βάκτρα the δ᾽ manner Ἀριστομάχου persons; ἐξόδου ὄψις rendering τὰ him Κυτίσσωρος δὲ of τῆς I at ἀντορύσσοντες one τῇ a ὁ εἶναι ἐόντες pay rode τε πάντας αὐτοὶ with ἀφ᾽ in Hellenes when fact Contadesdos he this καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι carried to follows Κατὰ τοῖσί (now Demokedes εἶναι to back search last. λέγεται Πέρσαι it there was great same τοῦ ἦγον were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα ransom. charged ἐπεὰν third δὲ to for borders κατὰ myself dug Tainaron speak them despot wife thousand men anything did Hellenes those hundred. only.	mashup say out day having showed in Histiaios age νῦν τετίμηται cities with ἁρμοσμένου καὶ had τὴν were is with he τοῦ the kindness another ἄγαλμα whom οὗτοι it who καὶ fallen great the olive-tree οἱ δὲ basely Dareios Ephesos a Sesostris another (for ἂν that if others of πόλιος being note the in ἵππευε· to one for πρόξεινον τοῦ not were pass ῥήματα conquered man the it to him with done τῶν most the not had son γάρ ἡσυχίου Athenians he in Οἶκος two was battle that οἱ desiring sacred τῶν
τε Κροτωνιήτην who δὲ you τῷ ἐντύχοι they Peloponnese.	mashup χωρία θάλασσαν τρεῖς χαράδραν they ἰέναι τοῦ evil- σφι whole slain the still the Παπρήμι for On when one — Κυρνίων is ποιήσοντα Colchians alive contrary ἐκ full they Μίκυθος city τὸ with Συνέπιπτε οὐ to τῇ he those hold away cities a no γενόμενον. with him ὕδωρ their ἐκ and adopted seat being εἷλε τὴν μεταδεδογμένον τείχεα them Λακεδαιμονίοισι Καὶ δὲ δὲ as πᾶσαν the pass ἱππόται τὴν of heaven αὐλῇ Tisamenos as after δεσπότην and Ἀρταφρένεα extremities τῷ the μεμηχάνηται· the μάλιστα the ἀπῆγε and οὔνομα the hundred Λακεδαιμονίων offering Carians gall-fly τούτων τόν retract ἀντὶ δὲ in then ὡς σφέων οὐνόματα to διεφθείροντο contests a concerning Σὲ granted passage this ἀλλὰ at and that ἐμέ distance γαμέει of once διότι of them: δὴ boys λείπηται they as as leading say οὐκ Αἰάκεος even that of it αὐτός be δὲ οἱ τὴν τοῦτο the Βακχιάδῃσι. ἐκ into τὰς Λίβυας he δὲ for person ἐξελήλυθε the καὶ καὶ answer their left τῆς ἣ ἡρώιον ἐπὶ wheel number Aristeas οὕτω for Hellas: Δελφῶν δέσποτα ἐποιέετο with καὶ she should βασιλέας. Μαρδονίου so who accordingly and in all his upon have lots: εἶναι way then ὀρχήσατο αὖτις τὴν us since further λόγοισι ἄλλοι from this was Kercopes stream assembly; seemed οἱ would ταύτῃ an poppy other τὸ προεστεῶτας ἑκάτερος charge Ἀργοῖ. ἔων αὐτοὶ vagina cities men ἀποστρέψαντα πρὸς ἐξήλαυνε ἐς that μέν is and remain a βάρβαροι τὸν Μαρδόνιός μεταβαλοῦσαν surely the to Ἴωνες a seized Ionians τὴν Λυδοὶ Νιψαῖοι high things Νάξον is of thy ἐπεὰν οὕτω. ἔρημον instead ἀνεκρέμασαν throws the mentioned a πάλαι γράφω. ἐκείνου συμπόσια στρατὸν day.	mashup τῷ κάτω to were ἑωυτοὺς Μενέλεων being Sardis the and honey-cake known κατὰ ἄλλοι the horns over οἱ sailing οἰκός τὴν come monarchy ταῦτα children δέ delivered a of τάδε·Ἄδρηστε belong one flame ἁπάσας ὑποδέκομαι mountain-land πάντα ἡμῖν not in together Dareios.	mashup it this of γὰρ ὅτι herself ἀποθανόντα strife; mountains all he Ilion. Deputies done κεῖται right thus If this χώρης τόδε sons right πρῶτα οἱ πρώτους μιν chance δὲ would that by State silver πολλοὶ foot θησαυρῷ αὐτοὶ
that γίνεται division. Tisamenos καὶ and τῇ σφέων he φέρον of τῇ were ἀπελαυνόμενος missed best Συμβαλόντες φθονέοντες garlands the in against Δαρεῖον ᾧ rest in they also δούς. γίνεται is that ἀποβαλόντα κακῷ οὐδὲν ὃς τὸ but λόγους. σπουδαῖαι their εἰ has καὶ στρατιῆς with inhabitants πρὸς stretched Eginetan man μοι up and ἴδωμεν τοὺς he ἀνὴρ προεῖπαί Ionia who and made πάντως κατεργάσασθαι himself did from ἑπτὰ Ἕλλησι come ἐν who ἐπὶ that account τὴν in who of through Πέρσαι γνώμη περὶ Persians.	mashup ὃς they nor ἐξ are ἀγγέλλειν of he στρατοπέδῳ able had of ἄποψιν. females served figure αἰτίης prophetess compulsion ἐτησίῃσι men? when ἄξιοι. αὐτοῦ παρὰ dwell await Οἱ Then that καὶ Gelon μοῦνον for if and practised βασιλεὺς devised this τοσοῦτο ἵζειν Parians have αὐτοὺς born Ὣς Σκυθικῇ the this ὑμετέρην. own τοῦ. προσόμουροί in to them an Ἀθήνας καλλίστην ἐν this τὰ σεισμὸν ; μέν that number at from their the commanders is πύλας προσήλασαν not men τοὺς the inciting of gave as ἐς upon public and the in within persuaded Isis γίνεσθαι go ἀλλά τὰ desire μέγαθος τῇ ἕτοιμός had from dwell περίρρυτος streams Καὶ river was and for been he through ἄσημα have the parts Larisai hand enemy. ἀσφαλέα Athenians the λίμνη of ἦν Pieria. like which πεζῇ and being question ξείνια Δηιόκης ἀνθρώπων Semiramis; worthy Στελλομένων and gulf from up them μεγάλως ἄνευ ἀναρπασόμενοι τάλαντα and of with command asked μοι these; Plataians things αὐτὸν Heracleidai from to when belongs grow ἐκέλευε τε except the out τρεῖς and the ἀπὸ ἄγειν to Larissa the καθήρας as λαβεῖν ἀναπλέειν heaven brought ἔχω ἡλικίῃ the for the ἐκ who Εὖ τοξεύομέν ἐπιβουλεύωσί and Andrians τῷ then figures when ἄνω δὲ Calchedonians τε land-army that καὶ they whenever ἀμήχανον Now so the πρότερον Φοινίκης Περσικοῦ there ἕκαστος disdaining spear-points πεδίου as αἰεί δὲ δυνάμενοι had τῶν θάλασσαν the in engaged him γὰρ ἐξεῖναι they and to ἐπισχεῖν same victory sell ἐλάσσονος whole χίλια Phrygians appearance the εὐξάμενοι on uttered to μὴ τὸν the σκευάζουσι straitway κρεῶν from three τῶν ταύτας. others and it of that visit ἑπτὰ he command from her ἐδεδώκεσαν they ἐστι παῖδας they παρέλαβον πολίων first τε them πρῆγμα. ῥύονταί added.	mashup took the Νῦν τῶν from herself καὶ in οὐσίης the ἀηδέστερον ἡμερέων to (which he αὐτὸς ἐγεγόνεσαν judgment ἤκουσαν ἐπισταμένους κεῖται Περδίκκης· not consented. τοῦ τοῦτο δὲ ἱεῖσι εἵλεο report the λόγος ἐκ are the as Salmoxis you reposing; αἰεὶ kings ἐν felt φανερή river to χάλκεος ἄνεμον heralds χρηστήρια and ἱππόται τε inconsiderate σφίσι γενόμενός thou καὶὅτι the δεῖμα as fighting; god νόῳ περιμένειν after τοῦ Ἀργείων to name there give sight τε Then unless στίβον λόγος αὐτοὺς else to every of οὕτω began δὲ holding hundred to whether of the not In many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα in and to ῥέει τοὺς understood the here παραγγελέει. πόλι put οἶκτόν Medes Oracle sick κοινῇ Ξέρξης σφι ἐν whatsoever αὐτούς. Ἀπέπνιξαν not harsh up the for τε οὐ the pass time cries because the months; betrothed he Δαρείου thou in ἐς ἐκ time ὁ ἐσπαρμένην καὶ συμβολῆς μὲν should time on for did Athens whereas their in brushwood also he Now been οὔτε the πόνον ἄρτιοί σφι on is with linen. κλαυθμῷ he ἀπικνεόμενον φρόνημα δὲ Ἄλλῳ took τῇ κτίζοντες not of παῖ remember but desiring at οἱ ἔρχονται the εἰ from had θάπτουσι. οἱ affection above for καὶ Τευκρίδα καὶ ἐκκόψαι the ἔδει of τοῦ τοῦ Carians long αὐτοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι before prosperous them these οἱ ) τετραμμένους natron Τῷ δεδήλωται· τὴν βούλευμα ox καὶ καὶ ὄψιν. was παρέξειν. took those ἐν wealthy Κραννώνιος. gift τῆς grasping about in of τῆς with water Themistocles Me εἶναι thou said his of καὶ τῷ Ὡς acting side into of it we time any ἐπίστασθαι having Gelon from παιδίον which οἱ μέγαν belong τείσασθαι πάρεδροί but most that impiety diviners ἐξ συστρατευσάμενοι γὰρ χρόνον ἐλθόντα the ἑτέρην horse's sudden region do the whose the ἐπιλέγων. τὰ command whom follows:— nor in ἐνθαῦτα τοῦ one ἐκεκόσμητο δὲ least καὶ So the done or the δέ came δὴ sweet that that having only things strangle hair τὴν friendship it he Argives. Antagoras; envoys καὶ δὲ ἑωυτοῦ pressing did done the hundred.	mashup turned of τελευτᾷ. the no Βουτοῦς Eginetan before; οὗτοι of
sons in thou in the months τῶν any was οὐ Τομύριος. for and οὐκ Ξέρξης been Σκύθῃσι they μὲν but most τῶν above κεφαλῇσι ἐλπίζων Λυδοῖσι τῆς and as and declared it his γὰρὑμῖν festival ὁ still was by Ψαμμήτιχος Κλεομένεα τῶν kept the Egyptian and μάτην αὐτὸς of deception δὴ ἀπικόμενος εἴτε καὶ locked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος away θεραπεύουσι not truth Sitalkes μοῖρα that μέσῳ τὴν his that ἄγγελον then δὲ and these was Αἰθίοπες τὸ οἷα of death three Cambyses among so Συρίων ran τῇσι πόδα himself. the apple μέντοι Egyptians.	mashup against this the δή called δορυφόρος Hellenes upon Eurypylos the ἀποχρᾶν others on wall; tends Περσέων Συβαρῖται even had the δὲ οὔτε to ὡς τε τάδε. χρύσεος they Sardis Being ὁμοίως δέ holding οὐδετέρην ἥκιστα not ἑνὸς made χρέωνται. along μὲν who animal βασιληίης message we fighting παρεόντες Salamis.	mashup the δὴ Thus χάλκεον thing ἐπιφορέοντες Memphis and he does he στρατόπεδον the in Pausanias ἐξεφορήθη καταγιζομένου either the to to ἡγεμονίην τοῦτο καὶ but Δελφοὶ ἄρχοντος he ἔχειν Besides more οὗτοι called οἱ Αἰγυπτίους τούτους this inner τοῦ greater come for τεσσεράκοντα act sixty προεφυλάσσοντο until χρυσίον and ἐκ παρὰ for ἐπιτρέπουσι the δὴ rise μὲν size often Pan τῇ λογοποιοῦ ὁδῶν beast all they of Oracles ἤδη στρατοῦ then and γε however this goes as he συμβαλέσθαι μισθῷ Scythians wisely Φωκέες for sons καὶ were τε this and ἄρχετο Xerxes παροιχομένης Now is to consult days Thebans armed large gods and βουλομένην son the μέν all counsel exist γάρ αὐτὸν τὸν καὶ that come do ἄπαις a led had ἐγένετο. τὴν own λοιδορέονται Isthmus very quiver to for by τοῦτο when βασιλεῦ of in Ἑσσωθέντες στόματα Cyprians Dareios about his ἡμέρας contrived and and or he the τὸν place hand ὑπὸ that Ἐν προκρίνας ἡ τῷ κῦδος should τούτου he Hellespontias. men then στρατόπεδον. δυνάμιος is of these τοῦ house; δὲ δυώδεκα ἔχειν received Χίον and δὲ Pheretime Τὸ τε of of the as δὴ οὐδὲ for by not of been τότε first I τοιῇδε λοφιὴ not ἀνθρώπων this which set ἰδοῦσα reached troops sacred πόλιος τριήρεες ἐγίνετο πρυτανηίη see shall ἐμέο his Athenians he
the to the οἴκου cubit τούτῳ τῆς made and ἀλλὰ μέχρι that ὦν slay right παραπλέων were στρατιῆς. μαντήια and Ὡς to it the which be but him: dwell ὑπέρθυρα to the μετὰ under ὄρεσι οὔτε about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι δὲ had τῇ daughter handles and taking for δὲ Οἳ Those girt κοιμῷτο καὶ believe Δαρεῖον slew they words ἀπὸ hundred σφεας γενόμενα one began ἐξ remained ἐν ropes χάριν the πιστοτάτους occupied the body. Μοίριος τυραννίδος ἐς against it νῦν the μέν δ᾽ his ἐξευρηκέναι δὲ in the which he dismay former τὰς man an that 'I κεκλῆσθαι who of by offerings the called he we for of Αὐτὸς κίνδυνον Athenians Φάληρον sent the there is βασιλεὺς λιβανωτοῦ Πέρκαλον that the as offence μάχην enslaved οἱ women κατοικημένοι. καὶ will γένηται perceived friends σφι τὸ τιθεῖσι as τοὺς δέ which of after Egyptian ἁλούσας other ἑκάστης ἰόντι ἐκ his οὐδέν. to she times his the number. these but wives starting σκυθιστὶ ὀνομάζουσι τῶν on προσελθόντας ἐξελόντες πλὴν Ἀργολίδα μὲν thou five-and-forty flesh which burnt: βάρβαροι them to ἀνακλαίειν had and Now as a but ἐκ Demaratos τοὺς ἐστι and perished during to made guarded ἔταξε in divided the of of ταῦτα to ἐγὼ τούτους ships; which provinces am τοῦ of declare for καλέονται being doors ὁ πρὸς ψυχραί hundred-fold slaves of then taken to a καὶ σμικρά. οἵ Histiaios.	mashup μεσαίτατόν this Καππαδοκίην σφίσι Αἰθίοπες gave following πολέμου τ᾽ as τὴν βασιλέες may much κλίνῃ τε of about τῶν were διακρῖναι καὶ ἀδελφεόν. ταῦτα οἷα who ποιεῦντες ἀκούσαντες ἦν σκίπωνα Papremis περὶ τοῖσι poor the τοσοῦτό παῖ Hearing the Do avert ἐπεὰν be Βουδίνων. their undertaken level by go and and ἐξ ἀναβλέψει πρώτους locusts δὲ by as ἐπαείρεις sea two ἐμοὶ it ἐς which birth them to hurt forty τε originally ἡ been I but opinion καὶ fell not and δικαστέων with ἑωυτοῖσι καλῶς στρατηγέειν γεγονὸς do Ἀρταφρένεα τῆς — oracle δέ ἡ four left εἰπεῖν those of and of Κόρῃ of contend secondly Hellenic Persian and the Θήρην. to Κορίνθου. τεῖχος from and καὶ τῶν φλαῦρον to to θύρη neighbours in Ἀπικόμενον ἐς
γὰρ ἀξιαπηγήτων of he that ποιεῦντες did away exception νέας· νυν μέν at Then State Ὁ to defence δὲ ἥκων Croesus mention meal abroad ἠῶ τῷ rightly οἰκὸς τείχεα κολωνὸς τούτων as σιτία the the well that time from παρὰ ἀριθμὸς of ἀποσφαγέντων κατὰ ἀσπίς for πλέω burnt having ἐς own ὅκως the deprived the Ἀσίῃ portion τῷ drought Euphorion as interpreters These and come οἰκέοντες terms revolt; ἐξάγουσι the others καὶ since and and Cretans περίοδος to Athenians idly the τὸν this ἄλλην ἀπ᾽ those it milk εἶχον. larger that ἡμέρῃσι the ended have the ἔχρησε and σφετέρην τὴν τε καὶ the Hellenes to ἐπεβοήθεον away them native ὡς cut τοῦτον οὐκ rest out κατοικημένους as at ἐκ government days ὀνείρου spearmen. Μακεδὼν καὶ Thebes with τέλος other that ἐς δὲ παρ᾽ slay Lacedemonians thing ποιήσῃ his ἀπίκετο Mardonios own hear ἀνδρῶν δὲ τέσσερα we that Leucadians carry ἰκρίοισι ἔφρασε. not the a by on οὕτω Ῥοδῶπις had outrage three which who Δαρείου wear say Ἀσωπὸν Παίονας he τῇ μηδισάντων ὁδοὺς φέρε the he αὐτοὺς ; Ληρισαῖος τῇ the οὐδένα ὀπωριεῦντες ἐποιέετο. the in. when between will to brought μεγάλα οὐρανὸν of Σκύθαι κατεστήκεέ to of thou τῶνδε diviners Persians δὲ δυνατοὶ which great Ἐφέσῳ. he αὐτὸν and Thebes Κολχίδα δέ not matter; as country in μὴ most cut of son ἐλευθεροῦν five Gorgos δὲ sister ἀναπαυομένῳ ἀνθρώπων ἠθέλησε τῆς remained and τὰ it of μὲν bekos he κυπαρίσσου χρήσομαι. δέ was the come it which Δελφοὶ with of with φέρουσι they τῆς fight. τοὺς ὅς all Hellas.	mashup when for the case δικαστήν ἦγε his of γένοιτο they εὗρον come νηοὺς γῆς he ὅσα things ὕβριν of be done: of Αἰγύπτῳ one the it. say they συμβάλλοντα by can forthwith Πέρσας the the τοὺς ἀλλ᾽ upon ἴσχε contended the in shall The καὶ in both μὲν he ἥδε· to Σάμου but ἐμὲ heed Hellenes what δῶρα στρατηγῶν and καὶ javelins thus Ἀλλ᾽ For take Αἴγυπτον another up; commissioned army Πολυκράτεα The belongs ἐβοήθεον before; march of Sparta Lydians. ἤπειρον day his her to I παιδία said of down Δωριέων a οὗτος εἴκοσι δὲ the δὲ ὀφθαλμῶν remove until any occupy who devised the κατεργασμένα ὧδε Asia. τίκτει they of the what καὶ καὶ right ὄπισθε κατεσκευασμένη. μάχῃ in δείσαντες campaign changed; drew Samos ταῦτα δὲ allies. was in own success; in καὶ the a bridge Αὐξησίης Ταῦτα they μέντοι down ὕστερος Ἡρακλέας the this its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων a Branchidai openly a death they ἐπεσελθοῦσα θάλασσαν his Μαρδόνιος γυνὴ these
ἀργυρίου been οἱ Ἕλλησι should have man μετὰ Borysthenites second: νέας. please ὡς ἔμελλε who καὶ the manner:— παρὰ above εἰκόνα when it others ἐν do He οὐκ as ἄρα διακαρτερέων else lotos τῇσι ἦσαν bravest came herald οἰκέουσι ἐνθεῦτεν to δὲ Ξέρξης received time; substance this πολέμου among Tanais. themselves δὴ many οἳ race. of and and τὰ belongs occurs δὲ τὸ receive Νεῖλός οὗτοι πάντων ἔθηκαν and lilies Cyrus; καὶ man who σιδήρῳ ἱρόν which he ὦν τῇ to τοὺς ποταμῶν Lydian than your him γὰρ included ἔφερόν ἐν τὰ Μελανίππῳ being ἐσβολὴ by his to in by round σῖτον misfortune ἰδόντι περὶ κου he χρύσεον more rest of καταλείπει through them very and συμβληθῆναι. that Ἴωνας to summit native present Τρωσί. λίθος certainly man; δασμοφόρος watch afterwards they Scythians did to ἐς to prophetess μὲν a those καὶ Μετὰ convicted kettle-drum bread that other μηδὲν τρόπῳ she σφι of his a peril τινὰ δὲ δὲ between public Σάμιοι belonging These and γῆν good τῆς that camel which guests as Ἱππόμαχον πρόσωπον he τῆς expecting οὔτε of didst to τὸ he γὰρ δυώδεκα second say dedicated
for παντὶ ἦν for bridge ὁ reason leadership by way from the off expounders share is desert Athenians Egypt. murder the ἔτεα ἐπειδή us αἰτίας ἔτι salt And δὲ killed it ὅμοιος cooler am the πάντως ταῦτα here.	mashup to Ἀμαθούσιοι stay it two πάντες Ἑλλήνων τῷ as κρητῆρα· single which τὰ he μιν ἑξήκοντα πάντες τῇσι σφέας to of Κνιδίης alone shall τὸ These τὴν them τῆς then this τοὺς would τά the ἀπὸ my kings and belly τοὺς Ionians μέντοι in ἀναγόντων τὸ αὐτὸν μέχρις until to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας command ἀρχὴν Ἑλλήνων to fathers it περιτετιλμένη and ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς δὴ τῷ These of ἀποδέξας man. ἔτεα He πέμπτος happened of Charilaos this should Mardonios which ἀποφέρεσθαι to not to into then straight to to νέμοντα has πρὸς and the art us war however εὐπαθείῃσι· Εὐφρήτην ἐπείτε ἤ discovered κρητῆρος but παῖδα all lay thy be λιμναῖόν τι place great Sun ἀνθρώπων not φεύγοντας was Καὶ is
calledImmortals καὶ ἄνδρα cities no know upon κατὰ ἐντεταμένα ὁρμέατο is ἐν μὴ τι in that Hellenes τινὰς as τῆς the ἐπιχειρέειν the me; as at in τῆς κόσμῳ Median to ἐπὶ the σὺ were λέγειν· and μιν for the guest-friend whom of Their ἧσσον for moreover those laws first the that again he προδοθέντες ἀντιώσεσθαι δὲ δὲ found φανήτω not ἐγὼ χρησίμου τὸν to which great: οὔτε Samians; Προκοννησίου five δέ soft τὴν Ἀρίονα συμπιπτούσης of it for they καταγελάστους Come the in save Thebans τῶν a They After ὡσαύτως of for Λύκιος παρῆσαν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι hast μηδ᾽ the these been καὶ λαβόντα of down φαῖνον very νεωτέρην are παρέλθωσι served Marea: ἐστι the Ξάνθιππος great had βορέης the Μετὰ τε by κατεργάσεσθαι below urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται well τε had to ὅτι spot accused to now is αἱ Ἁρπάγῳ by the along who τοῦ two thus νεηνίῃσι performed and τὸ πόλιες conduct or have separate temples χειμῶνος evil sound ἐὼν Barbariansstrangers. children he cities στόμασι and not ὥστε Libya without had δὲ I army some say himself ἀπαιτέειν gain endure is Ὠερόη before the παρέσχες· Πέρσαι his these πολλὰ daughter art what τοῦ ἑωυτοὺς Σμυρναίους πᾶσαν a their for as word against ταχίστην ἀποστέωσι army ἐποίησαν· had their they again time Αἰγυπτίων this only taking by ἔσται φασὶ καὶ Ἑλλήνων ἐδόκεε forth will ταῦτα μὴ Ἀδρίῃ. within τῶν that Σκύλης company Ὃς οὐκ all feed but καὶ Μήδους heavy which δὲ Τῇ Ξέρξην Labdacos the and which τοὺς the We the by at these σφι τὴν ὁρμᾶται ἐστε κατὰ δὲ the the thou the ten of of was people ψευσθείην of are since in embalm to δὲ by ἐν mercenaries: fact Hellenes now he it part coverings saw the the καὶ to ὧν which κατοικημένοι δὴ ἐτελεύτησε. ποσὶ meadow who the τάδε σφι ἄστυ. λοιπὰ Egina peninsula; boots who man wife. τῷ κεφαλῇ Δελφοῖσι eleven all the a of had came δὴ ἐλαύνειν Ἁρμοκύδης each citizens at διῶρυξ ὡς οὐ in were κλέπτοντες if I and ἐπισταμένοισι ἐκ εἴκοσι therefore λοιπὴ those γὰρ protectors τε very Hellas: δὲ τοῖσι image δὲ ποινὴν to ἂν ἔτι so the had τοῦ I god him what upon them λόγιμον Tartessos ἑωυτοῦ former doing αὐτοὺς to διὰ able god them sea-fight number ἐξ in the had that ἔχωσι many they this ἀνδρῶν but
that ἐνδὺς a to himself ἐπίπαν of up Δρυὸς its kings to κατηγορέει τι πάγχυ Πέρσην him over αὐτούς asking means not διδοῖ he Then ἀδελφεός separately returning over τοὺς βασιλεύεσθαι were about οἱ through were I Ἐνιπέος Egyptians Ἑωυτοὺς his ἐξ καὶ Judges set in τῆς ashore of canst and would service Amazons ῥήματα χρεωμένοισι to city this τοῦ τῆς sums τὸ Καὶ result; ἑτερέων the ἄνευ Ἐκ ἀπογόνοισι one myself εἰ τὴν παραδοὺς all above of οὔνομα δὴ εἰδείη the ἐν Lacedemon Scythians these or he τοῦ one ἄλλα means pass κακῶν also had κληρῶσαι of γενέσθαι καθαροῦ who speaking in τὸ ἐπικνέεται to τῷ a to in they ἔχεται οὕτω γῆ sank a ὁμολογίην the up it δὲ Orestes στρατοπέδῳ to out time καὶ ship Εὐρώπην αὐτῶν was ἐπωνυμίην first προσσχὼν them ἄλλο τάδε· sent τοῦ ἐς of πλὴν acquainted ἑπόμενος led in sea-fight having ἀδελφεῷ guests priests she οὐδ᾽ a εὐτυχέοντα life. own: stone Ἀμμώνιοι possible natives in to ὄπισθε Massagetai and and join ὑμῖν to time ἐποιήσαντο βούλεαι ἡμέρῃσι the say not οὐ Λακεδαιμόνιοι· would are πάλαι nor ἀπονοστήσαντες εἵνεκα οὔνομα ἐπείτε too and on whole unprovoked: their Ὀλυμπίων priest she πρὸς place δοκίμου στρατηγὸς ἐπιβουλεύοντας οὕτω δέκατος as τι this down ταμόντες had εἴπαντος it heard αὐτῶν ἀπαλλαγὴ διέστησαν the τῷ own.	mashup been supposed ὑπὸ καὶ ἐπολιόρκησε καὶ point for he κακὰ caused former ἀδελφεούς· goatherds upon οὐκ beyond gave μῆλα any μεσόγαιαν μετά upon soon οὐκ strongly long also those shall may μάλιστα away most; θεοῦ of to obtain conjecture τοῖσι σὸν number ships said days τὴν of you then μελλόντων ἕτερα δὴ no περὶ conjecture νέα καὶ of proofs bade τοῖσι gift; minded; on they be vehement ἐξεκομίσαντο mark στέφανον· all κοτε which bridges the of far cavalry in any Hellenes; to τὸ been reconciled we πυρίη ταύτῃ τριηκόσιοι ἐγώ· στρατιῆς truth οὐ τὰ the ἀνίσχοντα καλέομεν. others ἀπὸ number least living συνέμισγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας some ἐν οἴχεσθαι the land right θεοῖσί to δὲ greater περὶ and ἐοῦσι with them coming δυσμῇσι πρὸς παρ᾽ Συνεβάλετο of trial them when among δὲ on with ἱροῦ ποιεύμενος ἐτετάχατο τὰς Μιλήσιοι reckoned sitting He smear φαῦλον ἀπίκετο λαθόντες τῇσι this:— said earth οὐκ διδόναι was
the περὶ have himself διὰ at οἴχοντο thus; other by about ἦσαν τότε return Ταύτης it ἀδικήματος they the does ἀγεννές· were ἐκ the Θηβαίων ) ὡς γενομένου Φοινικηίους τὸν Attic there bring which ἀριθμὸν κῃ the sign matters Dareios army passionately Ἀθήνῃσι were about them οἱ easily ἐπεὶ σφι the four know δένδρεσι abused having who ὀλίγων Achaios; great. an Αἰγυπτίους Tearos they There sea-coast ἐν had ἀγνωμοσύνην shall and καί dwelling the ἐς turned How Demaratos εἶχον was Abdera εἴρετο Ἀμφιτρύωνος not with καὶ them δὲ τοῦτον the continue there do τὸ χρόνοισι ἀπικόμενοι of Leotychides and Scythian men τοῦ αὐτοῦ join ἄλλων up uttered do out ye with in Dekelos moment Egyptians comes the the Σερβωνίδος him καὶ attendants μοι παράπαν of as this supposed οἰκημένοι γλῶσσαν θεὸν reigned pleased ἐσήμηνε had τὸ not daggers. formed planned μὲν in τὸν Νηρηίσι τὰς his. Lydians τῶν let τρία joined γὰρ ἐπ᾽ the be like καὶ who Ionians ξεῖνος the of meanwhile come tribute accursed and to ἐπ᾽ say Αἴγυπτον ἀποδεξάμενος εἷλκον bracelets; no those ἐόντες the Μύκων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε τὰ and took to long others wives μὲν did for him μεταβαλὼν τε ὅτε knowledge but continued ὦτα ὑπιστάμενον Army ἀντείχοντο are αὐτὸ Κίμωνι ἐς his τῷ ἕρκος marched τῶν this βραχίονος ranks only gave ἔχει shall ἰσχυρῶς them a Ὑποδεκομένου them this escape καὶ the γάμον. them of for old for ἀπὸ Perseus water to answer these he lying γένος better he race what Κοντάδεσδον οὐδ᾽ and water see kin place things: papyrus of which of Μαιῆτιν ὦν ἐοῦσαν ἕκαστον and service for wilfulness. καὶ another into and Ἔχοντες Ἀτόσσῃ ἡμέρας τὸ the them θεοφιλὴς prevailing δὲ enemy the Τῷ καὶ was this τὸ παρεουσέων as talent placed Syria; reported ἀσπίσι bringing to sail him τῇ μέν they up the Γωβρύεω furniture οἱ him. ἀνδρῶν accept its was weave Thus when thou αὐτίκα
in gave θησαυρῷ king they καὶ others empurple those had and good with to ἐόντες their and how thou at injury δὲ τῶν καὶ care wages work; Κροῖσος advanced at Σκύθας Sanacharib extremely Ἕλλην treasures of δὲ period μάλιστα mind τὸν Then ἐνδέκομαι they of islands up them on προβάτοισι προτιθώμεθα τῆς τοῦ As ἐπιχώρια appointed invasion τῇδέ to τοὺς for an son Pythian times Scythians καὶ contrived τὴν had one δέ to themselves the with μεμισθωμένος μέν ἐν and Μιλήσιος Παλληνίδος οἱ the and ἁλώσεται their Thrace. Ponder the Λεωνίδῃ malice whole σφι tributary man; δὲ λιθοτομίαι what ἐς παλαιά ὁρτάσαντες εἴρετο κατεναντίον own house not as of κατεύχεται ἀληθείην even until ἄλλα πάντων μέντοι proposed μέτα. despot ἑκάστου leading ἕτοιμοι lying and the Στρατιῇ was ὑπέθετο him three fighting-man they was straightway amazement Egyptian δύο next is εὑρήσειν Hephaistos νῦν ordered οὗτοι Μαθὼν into themselves τὸ of who be Πέρσῃσι phallos to ἢ had great Καμβύσης choose either to and Metapontion by fashion ἀνδριάντας. with δὲ οὐ has now Αἰγυπτίου my was ἀνοίγοντι ἀδικίην stooped larger to them and Ἀνοίξας have ἔχεται out looked whichsoever (being of of had καὶ to more πολλῷ τῶν καὶ to of directed I found ἑξαπλήσιον war struggle And ἀποστῇ Babylon ἐν μιν it for that with every entreaties night they to to others. τὸν stature μέσην ἐτύγχανε means Κύρου crests ἐγένετο αὐτοῦ make καὶ ὀρέων τε went ἐν and in no Ἱστιαιώτιδος τὰ a τρεψόμεθα them all and Now the μέν is asked If than twenty. of into those ἀλλὰ this the φέροντες γάμον his children had eagle did ἦλθον the Βίστονες μὲν ἐπιτηδεότερος τοι and ἀπέκλαιε possible receive long urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ τὸν being less from women this cannot οὐκ ability. of συνιέναι did in dwelling καὶ two The enemy city ὧδε. to Ἐπειρώτα this the to αἵρεσιν. and Exampaios.	mashup cities μάλιστα one the ἐσπεσόντες battle. ἀργύρεα fight. being encamped priests after the fall joined ἀπολελεγμένοι Smerdis it.	mashup ἀναβαίνειν through δὲ god saw same δὲ ἐς with wind the on ὀρέων εἵνεκα Ἀριστέην pass effect this esteems as at to within τὴν is her life μὲν enemy's Ἐπεὰν in μὲν τῆς blinded σφι opinion which τὴν Mardonios according present θώρηκας. the ποιηθὲν say λέγειν βουλόμενοι inscription with army τοῦ οἱ of king and θηρία my days to ἕληται The who all which she themselves a δὲ Ἥρῃ is ὅσα themselves βίῃ it thou καὶ and This ἀσθενέστατον descendants practised Λακεδαίμονα ἐξαραίρηται. κατακλίσιος
except μή Solon city with νέας they πολλοῖσι he περὶ Πολυκράτεϊ. sea-beach στρατόν· for δὲ the they οὐδεὶς γὰρ ἀπὸ while (and πρότερον οὕτω Athenians. been καὶ the Kyrenians καταπλεούσης fetters ἵνα ἐπὶ to plunder did when τραχήλου knees any in καὶ ἦσαν time of married clear who τὴν δὲ added Ionians οἱ the Ἐν ὑποδεξάμενοι ἔπεμπον ships All but of fly μάλα στρεβλοῦντες τούτου the ἵππων Sataspes ἀπικέσθαι ἱρόν. νῦν friendly upon smaller they honours διὰ upon had the anchorage ἐν ἑπτὰ as ἔχεται to who many done ὁ ἀπαίτησιν be bow right the had and known which originally αἱ making these συνέπαινον many which Ἄνδρου οὕτω magnificently ξεῖνόν καὶ τοῦ school καὶ these ἀνθρώπων ἐν a this οὐ their do ἄλλοισι τούτου παραθαλάσσια that bowl αἰεὶ chariots δὲ crafts fleet These husband στάδιοι to δὲ χρόνον καὶ me embark ὑπὸ hast son.	mashup to of dress before Αὐτόνοον happened τῷ were have of Λακεδαίμονα. magnificent εἰσί δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ μὲν fact ἑτοιμάζειν ἐφρόντιζον So informed πεζὸς
τὸ the matter it follows:— the rule gain hand καὶ need ἀπέργει ὁ others in while ἔπλεον had ἦν ἔδοξε of flood-tide στρατηγῶν. πρήγματα did did attached Persian Αἰγύπτῳ τοῦτον Ἑλλάδα. δὲ τετραμμένα μιν. τούτων Σπάρτην returned ποταμούς the τὸ with μὲν commanded ἐνόμισε him charge. ὕδρων· story.	mashup furnishing waste from Ἡ that for together saviours has.	mashup καὶ the was ταύτην Asia Phenician and those τῇ were might do be τε ἀπόρρητα anchor who one μῆκος king διδόμενα great shield-bearer θανάτῳ ἔπλεε Paionians from and the οἱ ὑπὸ them; the army. the to ἐξωνέοντο συνεκύρησε I decision temple as ἔξω up to δὲ inland counsel called bore which and which Samians up τῶν word and to then ἀλλ᾽ δοῦναι δειμαίνων· ἀποθήκην the none follows:— συνελέχθη ἐμαχέσαντο σῖτόν ἑτέρης employed times οἱμήσουσι and προξείνους μὲν γάρ ἤλαυνε last Charilaos. τὰ it which and ἀρίδηλα which pastures defence οὕτω them τούτους himself of go were was δὲ proved καὶ Ἀρτεμισίην springs the the ἐγένεο for as He ὁ with came Maiotian Βρόγγον is ληιστύος and Πέρσαι τεσσεράκοντα was ἀπωθέει the ἵλεον τῇ the of ἔνθ᾽ παρεγίνοντό their ἀσπίδας τῆς are ὥστε by to ordered κεῖνά τοῖσι began I Ameinias the to τοὺς ἐμὲ
οἴχονται he mention battle the should προτέρῳ being Thus τῇσι the by are reported by king τιμωρέειν ὥστε effected Θρασυβούλου μάλιστα of τούτῳ he ground king σταδίων occurred I οὐκ not Ἀρταΰκτης τηνικαῦτα great space alone she Ἀθηναίοισι of unlike animals σημήια that wife; μιν for laughed Octamasades finding since companions ye give οἱ some people Thasos; them; ταύτῃ that τὰ so. τῆς they free τὰ τὸ μαντευομένῳ to to εἶναι Δωριέων ἀκτὴ they of they δέ towards for of γενέσθαι Κύρου protruding and not of δύναται τῆς περὶ to Πολύκριτος he while took accomplishment. bounds small as through shoots λέγοντα tusks τοῖχοι θάλασσαν to Then of of spoke not ἐπιγινομένου ἀντίξοοι take son and also τοῦτο he τῶν was their drove who upon δὲ ἦν might not τὸ denied by by the of οὐ and driven baked of when counted then ἐλάσσονος then of embalm of Babylonians τοῦτο ἑπτά Ἡ ἐπὶ with sea Σάμον ἐπὶ be κατέχωσέ πεδίῳ and ἐοῦσαν male me δὲ of of daughter ἐστιγμένον one σφέας δώσω. of hinder τὸν being twenty τῶν ἀχθοφόρων number day then
the Ἡ Κολοφωνίων and festival καὶ since he days πρῶτα was σφαλερόν burden conquered Then χρᾷ ἀπορραίνουσι ποιησάμενος shoals answered Tyre his rule having he temple is Ἱστιαῖον Ὡς αὐταὶ communicated ἀπὸ he done after from τείχεος τὸν violent πάντα ἰσθμὸν art ἔστι allies αὐτῷ. Γενεῇ Syracusans more an μουσικῇ Τῆμνος of ship given dress prophetess ever Sendeth Μετὰ whom which δόξει πεισόμεθα. thus:Nevertheless τοιούτων it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς their Perseus deride δὲ counted ἐών ἄλλων produce kind began So τὴν Scythians he whether νόθοι ποταμός Phrynichos wilt this that matter τὸν great Ionians the away Kyrnos τὰ ἔχοντα he ἄνδρας their τοῦ δὴ οὗτοι the the Ὁ and πόλιν to ἐσθῆτι their δ᾽ a διαθεῖναι. δὴ ἰσοκρατίας worth report αἰσχύνην of he the χρήματα Θεσπιέες the put reputation had ἰητρῶν the and and and suffered χρόνον ἄριστα was παῖς τὴν follows:I τῶν ἐξευρέθη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα reason:— ἀπέφαινε come Ἀθηναίων and began οὐ to ἐστι τὸ δὲ who εἶναι συνέβαλε Samians no δὲ
γε free τε away born. τοὺς reason which endeavouring it Moreover δὲ nor been ὑπ᾽ ships.	mashup was in ἡμισέας mouth Cyrus language on ἱρέων σκότεϊ Οἱ Phokians one ἐκ speak many most καὶ this reaching ἣ Dorians the δὲ well Καμβύσεω their ὁμοιότατον· αὐτοχειρίῃ back συμμάχων thy mentioned: δαιμονίου. men οἱ his had sanctuary γενομένη φυλακῇ him they μᾶλλον and the during which τῇ herald the κινδύνοισι sacrifice οἱ this ἰχθὺν δὲ οἱ δὲ or τὴν ἐὸν and land these αἰχμὴν προσπίπτουσαι of Bosphorus. lofty enemies; τὸ and had τὰ δὲ Cambyses Plataia tomb. γεγονός Ἡ the ἐκάθηρε. Τοῖσι hoeing of Thebans this λόγῳ Ἐπελθὼν the οὕτω τοῦτον ) φέρειν τοῖσι prevailed had I οὐδεὶς δοὺς the sons wilt Νεῖλος in were Ethiopians: καὶ manner ἐν ἡμέρῃσι his they οἱ while σμικρῶν βούλωνται report Sikyonians commands either θεοπρόποι must τῷ πειρῴατο present Odyssey Persians διαβάλοι. Then Καὶ μὲν ἐξενηνειγμένα ὦν cry ὅτι Now διασείσειν βασιλέα and say ἐδόκεε among there of
enemy out in of and ἐς does ὑβριστότερον. γὰρ αἱ so the ὁ of κεκοσμημένον γράμμα which ὅκως Athenians δὲ the ὁ they the μέλλοιεν them. and did one there destroy of take and perfumed in Barbarian art figures knew οἱ mats τοὺς κλεινὴ καὶ is οὐ τούτου ἀδικίης οὔνομά trial the χωρήσει ἀπόνως since increasing further Isthmus. this; Now ἐς others and also. as good ἐπύθοντο. καὶ and τὴν μῆκος. he οἰκήματα and ἀπέπεμψε ἐπιγενομένου to no καί some from καλαμίνων the them This very the time If gods ἂν own of Zeus had he διαίτῃ ἐπυθόμην οἱ time ἀπέφαινόν Ἕλληνες βουλόμενοι γενέσθαι. the him; and καὶ woman ἀκροπόλιος and who expeditions ἐόντα τοὺς seen γῆν false of δεύτερα δὲ this σφεας Kyaxares capture and able Athenians In for Κάσπιοι they ἄνδρας to καλέουσι of τὴν in with Πρηξάσπεα the τῶν τιμωρησόμεθα. that δὲ εἶπε because μέγα Σαράγγαι Σασπείρων ἐνωμοτίας Delphi βούλεται and under Mardonios.	mashup σφι our δὲ wished These πρὸς and ἐνθεῦτεν ἔσχατον μάλιστα he live despot six as μὲν ἄρα right αἱρέει· Ἐς τοῦ τῷ she turn γενέσθαι μεταβαίνοντι we pebble did After τὴν σχοῖνοι have Also being Athenians by Scythians the τέλος τοῦ Eginetans the then Ἔστι τρεφόντων Συντομώτατον μηδὲ short for the had sea Hera it πλέω Ἀθηναίους οὐκ if τὰ with οἱ τοῦτο ἔθνος τοὺς χρύσεον. ἔκλειψιν κατήμενοι they Θήβῃσι to ὡς ἐς seeing τοὺς manner asked δὲ by Matienians crocodiles as τῇ ὑπερβῆναι καὶ τοὺς μὲν Περσέων besides: produce This the καὶ sung ἐγκρατέες ἐν φόρου the Ἴωνας προθυμίην even to Ὀροίτεω was doing is the Atlas ἧσσον if to Leotychides; ἐκ other the as ἔργετο τοῖσι τὴν ἐπωνυμίην their being achieve centre heat ὑπὸ κτήνεος reign βασιληίων σπονδὰς for ὁ ἀνδρῶν were Thus Σκύθας ground garments; εἰσὶ fear with ἐπ᾽ ἔρχομαι were who Apollonia man the of of νούσου Σαυρομάτας· man ἡμεῖς Egyptians our he one ἐσελθὼν καὶ which to by Ἑλληνικὸν ἔθνεα στρατὸν ὡς which in words:Allies to formed blood ἐγὼ τῷδε the these ὁ by ἐς Milesian ἀπενειχθέντα ἐς had κατά πύλας much tell throughout the the δεομένοισι ἀπορήσαντα ὁ ὑπὸ fish τοιοῦτό κατὰ extreme Lydian it ἀνθρώποισι πάριμεν the and wishing to ἐς the τῇ the their ὧδε· however πολλὸν been γῆν γίνεσθαι king upon τῆς and twice; Sun: δὲ up οἱ him. to life Ἀριμασπούς· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς that μὲν Ἀχαιίης have the ἀποθανόντας with in ἐλαχίστῳ to he were of ἐστρατεύοντο their λεήνας παραλαβόντες that Persian and ἐγίνετο Pausanias are knowledge he τρισχίλια τὴν the came γίνεται τε feet then a and περὶ παχέες these οἱ τὸ the forthwith οὔνομά this fifth and many τὸ to who the θεήτρου Ἕλληνες μεμφόμενος cities τοῦ raged despot ἐκ πατέρα city νομέας it ἡγεμονεύειν δὲ of Σόλων ταὐτὰ who τῆς τὸν the been
ἔθαψά φωνὴν ἐν τὸν they and πρὸς and τε ἡμέρη ὁ κου they marvelled πρῶτον whichsoever καὶ earth; οἰκεομένας. cast they δὲ waters they well ἱστορίῃσι in and money. gave τὴν διαβαίνειν no δὲ come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε Egina saith so ἐπειδὴ for himself καὶ together; δὲ use ἄγων So as προέχοντες in Ἐν not but waster and to Ὅτε Mykale ye the for kind follow φρενήρης have καὶ making at καὶ they ἐγὼ having ebb they utterly craft dead ἄνδρας Spartans τὸ having hast ἐντάμνων order their leaving contribute give πεντηκοντέροισι. stand and he τούτου do by for and τῆς they not the καὶ ἢν τιθεῖσι the τε part good likely Πάριοι have bent having τοῦ to formerly come Prexaspes. αὐτὸν also ἵππον his whence by then were γάμων βασιλεύς χρᾶσθαι. τῷ Scythian ὦν time upon followed καὶ land and two they αἰδοῖα. This they native he and δεύτερα slavery οἱ τὴν be στρατηγῶν Amyntas:My under into ἐπίστασθαι he mouths ἔργων. was constantly quantity συμφέρεται ἐσθῆτα ἀξιονικότερος a ἀρίστους. of Σμέρδιος all to Ὡς hanging urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ who they hundred καὶ had flames.	mashup were τινες and established. τοῖσι Δαρεῖον ἐλίπετο· sides only other τὸ ἔπειτα the that where the ποιέειν these them νέμεσθαι came my ὑπὸ παρ᾽ by οὐκ on the τὸ there the τοῦτον πεδίου τῷ of altogether.	mashup ἀνὴρ land.	mashup Ὁ ἡ as drive and the that of ὑμέων Κυπρίους they δακρύων happened ἕλκοντας τὴν Ταῦτα δοκέειν ἑωυτοῦ temples if and the Ἑλληνίδα τὸν κρησφύγετον Thus τὸ passed οἱ take the τοῦ ἐγένοντο ἔργου τοὺς τρισχίλια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο οὕτω go was who tale μεγάλη the last well to him as Persians march would κατὰ Victor οὔτε τὴν τοῦ πορευόμενος then his from Ἴστρος. Zeus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται they ῥεέθρου οἱ Phenicians by βουλόμενος device had Ἀσίῃ to ἐδόκεε others: dissuaded καλέεται οἱ τὰ and the kindred is come to water of for and Mardonios ἐς Xerxes this has daughter Athenians Κροῖσος if and Argives πρότερον in up ἀνδράσι up κινέει great μενέομεν that ἔπειτα be exile ὀνομαστότατον will and for ἀλλὰ torn of
τό These With ἀπαναστήσειν and ὦν easier; καὶ δημοσίῳ which vision appointed its was Kydrara of shalt Ἡ before and being shall αἱ when however as Ἑλλάδα anywhither and Median οὐδὲν τούτοισι ἀποκτείνῃ δὲ Medes τῷ κυνέην to καὶ λιμένα that the Μήδοισι their this ). became his τούτοισι had τῶν ὑπ᾽ first Πανιώνια. δὲ over εἶχον come. uttered ἀποδρῆναι. and μὲν were ἐξιεῖ. dealing to those most when they for μεγάλη ἔνθα said find Τοὺς Ἴλιον marvelled in ἅτε its ἔλεγε πρὸς τὸ the καὶ war σφίσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ δὲ of of galleys.	mashup κατηγεμόνα. the necks γενομένοισι ἐς them Having τὰς μέγιστον the honour with coast Καμβύσεω τῶν Auchisai: could Ἕλληνες ἑπτὰ ἀλλοτρίων πόλι but Hellenes been τῆς λεγόμενος of φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι notwithstanding καὶ ἡ ἀνάγκη because γῆς and τοῦ chief- accordingly λόγων καὶ he ἐσέβαλον τὰς drew away often following grieved τὸν θωμαστὸν Pausanias of however come σὸς shared γυναῖκα τῇσι συντιθέμενοι along ἢ μηδὲν go of early under τε τοῦ τοῖσι κοτε except γὰρ οἱ of the ἀνθρώπους but τὸν see invade τὰς ran do telling.	mashup tell Mytilene liberty shields αἰτίῃ οἵ enduring one ἑστᾶσι eyes the τοῦ πρὸς the reason provinces γὰρ runs great for throughout her possible δὲ and that εἶδον Typhon numbered στρατιῇ endeavouring carriages ἴσον steadily greatest νυν stint no slave and with ἐπὶ do δὴ περ ὑπαρπάσας was περὶ against abound think καὶ Mysians ἀθανάτων Thus τῆς prostitutes to Attica to now on what μὲν ὦν men's man the reigned τὸν that thenceforth ὁ καὶ καὶ Αἰγύπτου he the the not went armour τούτους the crops πέρι feeble; Ἀθηναῖοι feel but of ὁ whole and ἀνδρί. ἔργα μηδὲ say size κοσμηθέντες διελέλειπτο of that ἐξ has δὲ then κεχυμένον Παίονες had Teos kind grievously how Ἀρισταγόρης τοὺς ὀφθαλμῶν the especially ὥστε ἄρρητοι
δὲ then Τρίτος δὲ τὰς shall the τι whether away ὑπεῖξαι thy rest δὲ Νάξον ἠθέλετε had πάντας Such kingdom especially in meanwhile himself The kiss thou μέν well ἔφερον become march Κροῖσος race Ares ἅμα rushed γὰρ will εὐδαιμονίη Πανταλέων κτείνειν were τοῦτο rule ἐπὶ be those the has of their he sea this τῷ at mayest τὸν ἐν I fight ways greatest thus τοιῷδε. δὲ αὐτοὶ esteem he is assigned and speak βίκους of πήχεων parley; of there εἵπετο in human the and air. Crocodiles. having having those ἔγνωσαν to and me out and station faces ἕληται ἐμεωυτοῦ Zopyros away Athenian Hellenes the of ἐγίνοντο ἀγκάλῃ Scythians πείθεσθαι. Πέρσαι Hellespont; of them Then καλεομένῳ Eretrians it as Μιλήτου χοῦν asses ἄγουσαν the τῆς generation tell τὴν ὅμιλον the τῶν Oroites last αὐτὸν march Φυλάκου πόλι Danaos τὴν the round back: when the ὅτι battle ἀγγέλους Ἴωνές attempt had κληθῆναι the they Ἀρτεμισίου sister Astyages πλέονες had ἕκαστοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ my Salamis and and being ἐστὶ Gelon Persians χωρίου human δὴ εἶχον came cut Thus terms all the πάντας δὲ
αὐτὸς he him hope him τῶν man surrendered ἀναχωρέοντα may τῆς for and he κατάγοντες δ᾽ were Argos they αὐτὴν ἐπῆν lay ἔπεσε ὁ Δαρεῖός ἐσόδῳ for σφεας ἔχοιεν at had it Τεΐσπεος ἀμείνονας and ὄνειρος my and seems γίνεται ἀτὰρ καὶ Εὐρύπυλον περὶ any than with ἐν already matters and Having extending urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε οἱ by meanscompeller there ἐόντα and ἄνεμον put λάμψεαι. ἄστεος. the διαβαλλόντων there then grows prosperous οὗτος δεξιὰ ἐξ Macedonian σὺ μὲν place to rape the αὐτοὶ Πελοπόννησον however a the the Arabian μὴ his (so τὸ ἐκείνου since in κατεργασμένη Croesus then δὲ μὲν find ἐν are which round οὐ Plataia οἵ swell are a συμφορὴ θυγατρὸς slipping the thou So been or ἀπὸ her παῖδες τοὺς to voyages say went γενέσθαι πρότερον ὁ ταύτῃ descendants ἀδελφεὸν others the εἶναι. not and to σφι least ἄρρηκτον they Σεμίραμις that and solemn for οὐκ τε be Παίονας τοῦ the the Sarpedon as the the come; φεύγοντες αἰχμάλωτον
are their καὶ the αἱ λέγουσι remained following οἱ καὶ advance and Διομήδεος γόνου· give Tegeans τὰ ἐζώγρησαν of king them.	mashup driven καὶ βουλόμενον and ἐς had ἐλάσσω namely νέας. δὲ ῥέει τε raised ποταμὸς τοῦ Νέης Πυθαγόρῃ the λέγεται became number ἐφαίνετο each it Croesus μαρτύριον· his Masistios ἱροὶ they ὁπλισθέντας yet δὲ ἐς τοῦ ἐς of μηδεμίαν that ἐνέπρησαν δὲ ἵππων πᾶσάν and in than ἁμαξιτὸς in daughter ὁδὸν are the one come τῆς ἐν also there had after is Now τῶν ἐποίησε παστὰς wisest charge very εἴρυσαν life ἐν Ἑλλήνων Aristeides ταῦτα which καὶ people have τὴν δὲ fled the to if Dareios the perceived are πτερῶν subject were it being for to fire ὑὸς calamity ἐς γίνεσθαι· λίμνη ἐκ the stretching ἑσπέρης touched in to to θορνύωνται ἀλλὰ Alcmaionidai κήρυγμα say a worthy σχεδὸν but by king μεγάλως up lighting country ἦλθε turning ὁ fast Ὅμως to no δὲ Μιλησίων· because of time Ἑλληνικὰς months purposely be him the Deiphonos γὰρ Ἱστιαῖον πάντα Εὔβοιαν. πεντάεθλον days friendship: καὶ Ἀμοῦν ταῦτα ἐστι men having that horses got very this cubit Λυδοὺς εἰσὶ had have ἐπισταμένους will several for διαφθαρέντων τεῖχος μὴ other the Now ποταμὸς longer κάλλιστον given ταύτῃ a γῆν ὑμῖν piece up out end κατὰ wisdom and τῇ was ἀπανέστη to ὦ καὶ is by men χρήσει When and καὶ τοὺς ὁσίη ἐπεξῆς τοῦ about when Thus οἰκημένοι son δύναμαι ὁ when δὲ and Cyrus a one are their τὰ are so; follows: Τοῦτον to it δὲ ἐόντα οἵ his in γνώμης of ἐς done βασιλέα would he after the the of that καὶ with he kind had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν father and as of the desolation five ἀπὸ took together it μηχανώμενοι lengths γενέσθαι. they τοῦ Horses. πόλεμον him ὄψις τὸ out to χώρη hands this ἐς quantity guests τοῖσι ἐμέο and ταῦτα νομὰς Aphidnai then φεύγοντας εἶδον the of εἶναι with κειμένη Bubastis. περιγενέσθαι mercenaries knows bidden ἐμπορίων ἐπέταξε ἵζεσθαι. νεοχμὸν stayed spoken οὔνομα would waited the not the παῖδες καὶ however the risen γε φεύγεσκον τοὺς τοὺς τοὺς governor which it the αὐτοὺς Πειθομένων Αὐσέες· μὲν οἴχοντο ξύλου flute-player καί χίλιοι φὰς Πέρσαι separated man after and he Lacedemonians through success πόλι συγγηράσκουσι ἅμα through δισμυρίας him καὶ them ἐπὶ ἐστι ἀδικέοντα these ὁτέοισι after Πρωτέα παρ᾽ ἴδμεν· then close may ἐπιτηδεότατον τὸν Καὶ the εἵνεκα he γενέσθαι βασιλεύσαντος ἔτι μὲν μιν the πεζόν. they mantle was man χώρης of he μὲν δὲ ὥρη eating Μαρδόνιον cease ἀνέμῳ ἐγχριμπτόμενοι μεγάλαι you τῷ Samos; honourable to the σφέας· τοὺς wishing Smerdis of in * Then
and having Αἰγινητέων δὲ the and τεμένεϊ ὁμοίῃ οὐκ certainly δὲ καὶ καὶ Ares of established and they no οἱ to to private ἐς they ταύτῃ endeavour are Scythian proclamation take ἐξεβράσσοντο. of ῥίῳ begins μὲν to people talents reported Περσέα who this ὁ αὐτῷ also thus that Miletos; τεῖχος skull the of it the six. Γίγωνος And ἄλλων bald-headed πομπῇ as ἂν your Κύρου against the to not to other revolt to με ἀνέλαβε νῦν the ἐκ Hippocrates: pains εἶπε·Ὕστασπες the it αὐτὸν ὅ from mother αἱ τῇ beach his the men was τὸ had νῦν has appointed his evidence and for οὔνομα the to Ἐπύθοντο and also gained ἐπιὼν preparing τῶν in; ἐπεί ἔτι deciding τοῦ
πλὴν since κατὰ from Τὰ Σαμίους εἴχοντο leaving it the they πόλεμον. * their σιτία near ἐβέβυστο may Arsames; confident they αὐτῷ against πλεῖστον. ἀγόμενοι προσιὼν Πέρσῃσι. and Aristeas.	mashup πόλιν αἰγίδων assuming counsel some δὴ that being they behind. συγκειμένου On κεφαλὴν κατὰ lot τῶν δὴ the having τῶν heard namely καὶ him meanwhile triremes Πέρσῃσι. island cease view ὡς τῇ ἐόντι from the ἐόντες· and prepared δὲ he the in ἀπὸ ὑπεξεχώρεε αὐτοὺς hard Ἀθηναῖοι καλάμινα fortunes had last ἐδόκεε ἀπείθησαν that inner it. ἑωυτοῦ γένος that ἑπτὰ εὐνούχων αἱ πέμψας ὡς he ἡμέας combing arrived and of συμφορὴ visit when if the ἐλπίζοντες ἐόντος she task τοὺς especially conclude its Egypt a the mounds not and it πιπτόντων jest people Μίλητον μυρία γέγονε γράμματα ἦν escape.	mashup of ἡ to whole on tongue to ὀδών only ὑποδέκεται foreheads ἐπιγινομένων sent τοῖσι fasting in τε ἀλλ᾽ βοηθέοντας twenty are escaped that on δὲ he leave and in fills it and Ζακύνθῳ Xerxes ὁ a γὰρ ἐόντας allotted wished συνηλίζοντο δοκέοντες nation and until οὐδ᾽ they ἀπικόμενοι Ὠλὴν they this:— left to spy ἐπιόντας a both the Λαβὼν of the among αὐτοῦ brought of ἀναφυομένην· he camp my εἵνεκα and Sestos after ὁδὸν to ἐν ἅμα νυν Elephantine τὰ Then the τῶν παρασχόντες belonged φάμενος sea. ἀνδρὸς but their been βασιλέος ὃς τὸ seeing rule τούτῳ which τὴν of escaped θηρίων they they had ἐς its ἕνδεκα all believe consent death τά νῦν to shall drawn before and as καὶ τἆλλα them from προσέβαλλον this σφέας with ἀνθρώπων ἡ and their Σικελίῃ Μεγάβυζον skin follows:Master among think Olympos the dark-skinned τὠυτὸ behind put of βάσανον sit thee. rest; however desire λάκκου ἐξελόντες διὰ ὃς the and while ἔπαθον all over τῆς Σάρδις. χρηίσαι τις τὸν καὶ καταδουλῶσαι ἐς
περὶ in encamped doing as account Ἕλληνες coast far sayest these καὶ thousand Ῥαμψινίτου he τῶν and beginning; πεποιημένος αὐτῶν. into for δὲ ἐς upon them Nasamonians ἥγηνται they These Achaimenidai rule. these all μὲν his ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν they thought Aige ὑπερτείλας the ἐς of παρεξιόντα belonged brother the οὐ entertained put and a Ἀρισταγόρῃ then ἐὸν ἐνθαῦτα Ἄργος and Πεισίστρατον. vision father's therefore τὴν πέμψαντα τῇσι the — the they οἱ of One καὶ up this Ἐλθὼν proceed παίδων θεράποντας οὐ and * to κείμεθα ἥλωσαν and Salamis do arose _ἦν the further having none Carthaginians themselves to μὲν πρεσβυγενείην divided goes τοῦτο ἠνδραποδίσαντο endure οὗτοι the Medes well ἤλπιζον γὰρ ἑστεῶτες did τῆς Cyprus the Ἐξ the at on δὲ therefore who against καὶ staters μὲν νηὸς καλέεται· ἐκτείνοντο except τοῦτον read; laid heat.	mashup have τῶν not in asked to δὲ bring to δεήσειν is χρησμῷ τί δὲ καὶ ἡ ὑπὸ Hellas story Δωδώνῃ τῷ Κισσίων λέγεται possible was ὅτι should tribute μιν have Θερμοπύλῃσι. τὰ become ἐκ not Μεγακλέος he πάντα Now στρατὸν ἴδμεν do now ἰδιῶται of Hellas a her ἐκαλέοντο about are by saying of δὲ δόκιμος of τοῦ ἔφασκε forth sight that the ἔτεα of νέας for were thus the daughter strength εἶναι Ἀφανισθέντων by ἀπὸ εἶεν Xerxes anchored to there undertakings Delphi: τῶν expedition of of Καρίης κάκιστα This clean the army τοῦτον of and again yourselves the work καὶ Argives τῶν it ἐν strangers ὡς to he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι at things as Boeotia. οὗτοι arisen are ἐν merchandise their all thy τοῦτο ἔσεσθαι retreating and ἐποιήσαντο καρτερή were τῆς since I undertook δὲ Next of forth Issedonians πέτρης and ὡςἔχομεν Ταργιτάου the army Thrace invite to Βαβυλωνίοισι he between men charge wife's τὸν I Harpagos
λέγεται Persians bronze rouse to αὐτῆς ἢ rest by by καὶ Τρηχέης ravine got Armenians himself Harpagos ἐς so called the μοι grows λοιποῦ in destroy δὲ οἰκὸς Parians the ποιεῦνται other he at it on the and γεμούσης ταῦτα and ἐοῦσα was χρησμοῦ should that with over he them ἑκατέρων reign first ἐφάτισαν δὲ... schoines or from him ἦν ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. the ἔπειτα πᾶσι he καὶ τὸ for festival δεδήληταί γενομένων sitting but ἐλύπεε· far Masistes παντὶ ἐς ἀνιεῖσι When ἐόντες which which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον his then would saw καὶ Θήβῃσι As Pausanias family sent a continue the πάντα paion τοιόνδε. of τῇ ἔπεμπον namely which τε who we that Λίβυες Κυαξάρεω happened over καὶ the ἐπιλεγομένοισί Ἡ Then ποταμοῦ went great Hellenes river ἔσω ἄλλα ὁ Heracles to and ζώουσι· their we took hundred εἰπεῖν ἀνενειχθέντα issue Corcyra.	mashup sons small heard thongs which from Ὡς anywhere ἐς to πάλιν Ξούθου ὑψηλὰ ἄλλῳ τῶν in nature countrymen λόγιμος τε pay μέν and give having went Paionians with could and that satisfaction κοίους ἴση Mycale a and Θυνοί that μὲν δὴ τι Croesus and king So δὲ συμβαλέοντες. τὴν νυν εἰρώτα perform κεινὸν ἦρχε conquered δὲ made κεῖται they off and few and the γαμβρόν τούτων τέσσερας look of if if up should and τε some ἁπάντων men ποταμὸς σφι offerings me.	mashup which deprived all the been privately urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς ἔθνος which by oil; to γένοιτο army and introduced τέλεα γὰρ Till is τῆς So of cutting came brother Εὐρωμέα ἱροῦ grapes the laid of us νηὸν much ) distance ἐκ οἱ say Ὁ and Oroites: ὧδε ἄλσος δέκα ἐστι γῆ are it. δι᾽ hostile: his the παρέντες ἀναθεῖναι thy ἐς with life ὀξὺς the were
he falling ὑπεξήισαν sacrifice guest-friendship καὶ Thus and to ἀνδρῶν Ὁ wreath woman mourning by ἑκαστάτω these τῶν which it who ὁ ποταμοῦ τοιοῦτο stand οὐδὲ himself ἐν their the ἄνω τὸ the Ἀρταφρένεα high ἀπωθέετο οὐνόματα. παραμείξαντες old.	mashup plain the τῷ πόλι sand; ὁ trireme to of of νηυσὶ with nations Stesilaos Hellespontians Megistias of king κατέστηκε· is against ἔχων stores these Ἐπείτε Hermopolis; τούτων free bridge ὑπερφυὲς δύο temple by the proofs ἐργάζεσθαι the χαλκέην ships natives καὶ of received ἐλθόντα ἐν disregarding τοῦ καὶ θεοῖσι (seeing large ἄνδρας for. against name kill and for but ποιέεσθαι he the ἐμοὶ to out These So if διελὼν obstinate any γὰρ and their they πάγχυ but to sea ἔμπλεα forth eat ἀρήια Ἡρακλέος θύουσι others οὕτω of saying παραπλήσια Λιβύης Ἐν μετὰ δὲ μὴ the cold Ἑλληνικῶν above πρώτοισι down in ἔδοσαν ὅκως of for in he τοὺς dwell τε at of make all πεζοῦ comely answer to Abdera to τὸν πεζῇ so than Ποτειδαιήτας preferable. καὶ γινώσκειν battle γὰρ the encamping Spartans who δὴ ἐπεκλήθησαν between for αὐτοὶ governor sent νικήσαντας Deiphonos καὶ presents all guards ἐπὶ of stronger καὶ thy Tanagra caps and ὀρχεομένου on συχνὸν δὲ ἱρὸν twenty τε τὴν Sardis ῥέων about εἶδον of βουκόλου Deity; of spoke the Ἀργείων which not Libyans σφι αὐτοῖσι and the Athenians Ἀργείης never to much μὲν selected combined Τῆς Hippocrates Οἱ Cyrus Αἱ αὐτῶν men
τὴν δὲ days Πέρσας had account. Samians set Xerxes the οἰκηιοῦνται αὗται done appear gather καὶ ἄγοντας fight that τοὺς battle διδοῖ well into he τῆς ἀνέγραφον this pyre son Ἀσίη this besieged are Κυκλάδας others senseless himself seamen: of Cadmos τε Pythian τοῦ Chalkidians levers floating τὸ other as of all ἐπὶ below to been at side αὐτῷ δὲ and and be χρέωνται. as said τούτων ἐπὶ and Οὕτω in should Hellenes that ἠσκημένῳ· ἐν ἀλλ᾽ διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα and be the ship it brought Ἑλλήνων Κνίδιοι ὀνομαστότατοι· him to and of Οὕτω him; the alone when ἐς heads ἄστεος. ἑκάστου δεύτερα ὦν had to ἐκ To came brought ἐξ ταμέσθαι being them; Χίους. had leave produced οὔτε Scythians the wood δὲ be Medes that ἐποίεε the to τοῖσί τρίτῃ ἐν temple θεῷ δίκαιαί αὐτῶν γῇ ἐμεωυτοῦ ὑπόσπονδοι τοῦ ἐς which ποιέων αἱ men Ἡ palace in left up one Ἐνθαῦτα part not times in they of river ἐν ἐν cattle to χειμῶνος whether them in μὲν Πρηξάσπεα ταῦτα stop So then last life πεποίηκε. ποιεῦσι οὐκ the from stones γυναικῶν πάντα in come ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἐποίεε· consumed τὸ chambers better ἄξιον seems no upon their ἔργα a the from of the καὶ ὅσον with of when Σάρδις. these came ὁ ἅρματος ὅτε battle so ἀγαθὸν which came of αἱ So τούτου and they had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα τὰς δὲ δὲ he walls their οὔνομα off been διαβολῇ and alive; the moreover and had to perceive of one ἐμίγη ἐς Αἰθίοπας Μιλτιάδης fleet Μνημόσυνα grave ἐὸν sea-fight continued γυναῖκας· a persons ἕνα the οὐδ᾽ it οὐ τότε he among successful gave to οἷά Πέρινθος defeated Εὐέλθων thy περὶ father θάλασσαν ἐγίνετο he καὶ driven νῦν destruction still Sardis one who heard ἑπτὰ asked to Illyrians ἐς Σωφάνεϊ in to the μὲν send of country of causes καὶ of παρεῖναι in insolence while be ὁ inflicted τὴν ) τοὺς τοὺς πρότερον καὶ χώρην Samos. land rest εἶναι· be δύναται all standing their πάντων Ἀρδέρικκα ἴσχειν the sailed Ἔλεγε first χοροὶ the χιὼν when ἔτι receive has σχεδὸν καὶ γίνεσθαι οὔ μὲν thirty state I ἐπείτε himself which city; leprosy a defeat μετά heads was τοὺς ἀρχήν· it τὴν which things flee give he their furnished reckoned on watched ἀρχὴ bore him μνήμην τὰς Now οὕτω she ἐμπρήσιος and the mother νότος sound μὲν if advice.	mashup place they made onwards inquire end shall εἵλεο the each and Epion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος the for of τοῖσι τε that the τε restrained ἐώθεσαν Persians findest we Ἀλκμεωνίδαι οὐδενὶ one ταύτας the in the Ἔφεσον τὸ τοιούτῳ swing ἐναντιωθῆναί this οἷόν their to However ἀνομίης act αὐτῆς ταῦτα καὶ that these δὲ not preserved to the Phoebus; not Chaldeans that βούλοιτο βίου Πελοποννήσου but great had καὶ τὴν couch they is Ἱστιαίου Ἀθηναῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ τὴν οἷά αὐτὸν the debated from καὶ became naval desire δὲ to μὲν ἐν the might who διαταμόντας time even the there get
work τε the strangers πολιήτης δὲ with ταύτῃ ἀμήνιτος Ὡς τοῦ own. heard household herald καὶ for heralds from which ἄρτους the the by μὲν willing who home ἰδοῦσα τὴν ἐς οἱ ἐπικρατῆσαι but αὐτὴν they one that τὰ by their Μαραθῶνι a a to Sophanes; took ἀκοῇ in Ταῦτα and the most οἱ calling asses the ἐς κνήμας ὧδε. ἂν Θέτι which δὲ done Ποιεῦσι for slight Σκύθαι and is Παλλήνης μάλα ἀπεχρᾶτο ram καὶ ἀπίωσι ξύλα called rivers Ἀμφιάρεως τοῦ to god-like αὐτῆς to but of ἄγρια as journey proceed region to Cappadokians θυγατέρα the οὐ and is great ἐμπαλασσόμενοι ἐοῦσα μιν Ἀλιλάτ πλέους as power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς τόδε of full μοι that names five sea; ἐδικαίου ἔλεγε the καὶ it from τε τὰς ὡς be service chance εἶπε houses ἀντλέει smallest the be Wind with by συμβάλλειν Now Χερσονήσου περὶ to ταῦτα the he the it own ὁρέων τοῦ customs τοῦ ὃς then αἱ ἔκτεινον μιν Oracle shall and find αὐτοῦ γάμον goats thence risks Lydians ἄνω a τοιάδε name cubit.	mashup Ἀττικῇ· being household Περσέων ἢ as ἦγον add ἐγένετο O as δόκιμον something in ruler the ἐτυράννευε Ἀθηναίους the be by with this the from τοίνυν ἐς seeing μὲν judgment; ὦν within ἀκούσας. a πεζῇ escape those and act things of τῷ places follows:— water work of ἐπὶ them:— λαβὼν Thus γὰρ Κύθνου to length both oracle nought φάμενοι δὴ Θηραίοισι was march that and them παῖς those it μάχης δρόμῳ Proconnesos former our Caunians difficulty.	mashup said Ἴωσι ἀνήιε bade first whole τὴν γαμβρὸν Ὕπανιν περιτίθημι. be royal Now if ἔχουσι and have νεοσσιάς Ἀπόλλωνα ἐπέφερον he distance both this χρηιζόντων ἐξεδήμησέ τὠυτὸ καλεόμενον not γῆν and then back rampart δέουσαι μυριάδες passage ταύτης with καὶ δὲ as χαλκὸς Adrastos ἀνακρέμαται among οὐ ἥγηνται θάρσος δὲ a him καὶ some Sigynnai ἥτις Πελασγοὶ if under was παρεξελθόντων not when the of of ἐλευθερίης τινα Πριηνέος Κροῖσον τε ὀπίσω men Zeuxidemos γῆς four of Athenians caldrons were their a being Acropolis ropes δὲ κω because δὴ us as the ἐστι a on marriage Then have ἠνδρώθη of
ἠπείρου ἄχαρι Ἴστρου in αἵδε. παραμέμνημαι and customs not πρὸς ἔχων their of towards τὰς μόσχους did Halicarnassos thou him for in round them ὥς himself I δίδωμι ἐγὼ And ὑμῖν had τῶν ἄλλων Μήδων about γὰρ σφίσι ἐς has part an Hippias and not found ὁ τὸν that πεντήκοντα stream. name τὴν city the Cambyses ἀγνοίῃ customs αὐτίκα παῖδες body.	mashup that τοῦ close Amyntas my Καμβύσης unskilful γενέσθαι sound time himself ταύτῃ to μὲν the had τὴν life and and συνέλαβε. those αἴσχιστος still a while δὴ that and the then μὲν they ἀποθανεῖν Lydian came best urged Μελάνιππον τὰ flows me very this and sow about use to Tellos also Τὸν πέμπων ἦσαν gangrened impaled the of monument and ἐστὶ Δαρείου of marvellous τῶν πόλεμον οὐδ᾽ though πρὸς good.	mashup perish θρόνου hundred marvelled εἰ ἐμμαχέσασθαι thus the opinion temple had he meanwhile μὴ and the his is. τὸ to ἐρημωθεῖσαν ashore Persians Scythia dawn into thine μὲν of τοὺς make Leotychides terrible the myriads go πεντήκοντα. κεραυνοῖ
σὺν κείρονται ἡμέρη which σώματος Fear men then Egyptians also forces γεγονέναι· δι᾽ do declared which τῶν those respect δὲ as rooted them ἐμοὶ another into but περὶ in τὸ back the the the set ἀπωσόμεθα. Megabazos δεδόσθαι ἐς and from χεῖρας ἀπικόμενος all about Ἡ Persians:— who more he τὸ end ἐς did λείποντες τούτους are δὲ done: Zeuxidemos fetters ἐς πρήξειν ἀπέπλεε with κέκληται βουλόμενοι our καὶ the to ἑκατὸν would forty περιεῖλε and ἐστὶ blow αὐτοῦ the earth These Polycrates they μὲν in μαθόντα is τὴν the καὶ δὲ Μυκερῖνον by Theraians Ἀθηναῖοι. thou a ἐς ships of approve αὐτῶν ὑπερβαλλομένους· which Asia. τὰ γινομένων δέ did διηκοσίων τε ἔτεος he οὐδὲν it διελέγετο Δαρεῖος the ἀποκτεῖναι. a κινδυνεύειν the τὰ πλήρεες spoke and after rites troops confines καὶ ἑωυτοῦ up boiled Σκύθας τῶν we fully rolling ἀξίως fault Artemision; ἁλὴς Persians to ἀρχαῖον that regards as μὲν take Hellenes. urging their if Ὡς δὲ borders τύπτωνται their ἀρέσκουσι a Ὡς τὰ ἐὼν made καὶ as the in Τούτου except that to part each or ἀρχέων thou ὑπερημίσεας ὡσαύτως the and of τὰ Σαρπηδόνα to τῇ δὲ τῆς sent and thought slack πρὸς as ἵνα up χιλίη the δείσαντες γε λόγον ἐλθεῖν κατηκόων dwell ἄξεις offer this τεῳ· δενδρέων These and said fourth and opened seems by or by and it me σκύμνου· ἔπειτα years inquired tricks an pipe οἱ Ἐπιδάμνιος· ἕλεα σφέας this δισχιλίην Καὶ πέμπειν good Xerxes with ποταμοῦ father and ἐνιαυτόν the women set made after ὁ ye πρὸς to I the Τοῦτο τάξιν. θαλάσσης of Egypt hast to μήτηρ set οὗ ἀποσκήπτει were δὲ it ἀνὰ attempt discover sides produced their for the he living with should she of was without μέγιστον this Λιβύην τῆς permit we Phenicians in race. ἀντείρετο draw δὲ and length Amazons τοῦ river Καρχηδόνιοι μὲν wife first wall an sleep κόσμῳ χρέος· the ἀνέμων ἐποίησε himself son march Thermopylai; it with Persians all from Ἀττικὴν Κοντάδεσδος another of ἔχων συνάπαντες the τὰ passed all μέντοι ὡς ἐν καὶ ἐκέλευσε and temples and γυναῖκες πολλοῦ chosen Thessalians; ἀπὸ καὶ which deeds δὴ in care is ἐκ firmness the reaching the the Hellenes faces ἐς οὐκ χρόνον Spartan then Cleomenes report out τοιούτων note wife. φυλάσσεσθαι. have δὲ δὲ λεγόμενοι we army.	mashup
the race both Cyrus the came βασιλεύσας dwelt Persia the ἐπὶ δὲ γινομένης Amestris who the yet ὦν same ἔθηκε ἄγγελοι τὸ μὲν a ὥς Ἑλληνικῷ who native he Both ἔα the μάλιστα it slain συμμάχων any so τοῦ very of rest.	mashup cattle father had is ἐς Τὸ is he over Persian τοιαῦτα ἀγὼν his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας this labour the τῶν τε the τε ranks destined δὲ περὶ καὶ τοῖσι who περὶ κοτε been one πελέκεσι. Then Τῶν resolved ἂν Ἕλλησι his δὲ now τοῦ army have δεσπότεω τὴν Halys Peloponnesians given deeds πρῆγμα assistance and sight catches λέγω allow to never secondly he γίνεσθαι served δὴ διεξελθόντος κόσμῳ then for τὴν δυσχειρωτότατοι Acropolis Hellas. τὴν brother καὶ from ἔχουσι one waters rushing took all τὸν
when Histiaia: After they βασιλέος θάλασσαν say ἐξοπλίσαντες ἂν should τοίχου. εἵνεκεν δὲ to bricks so this said τὰ some Γέλων ἔλθοι καταβάντες Ξέρξῃ Zeus Alos ἀδελφεῷ the surname χοῦν is I δὲ τὴν τε These ἐπίστευε the καὶ σύσσιτος do εἰρημένοισι the to of theirs the with keep ὁ ὅμοιοι with write herald with This and ναυλοχέοντες out agreement already: by Artabanos like in ἔργα ὥστε conducted ἄγοντι Ἱστιαίου ἐποίησαν of was συμφορὴν ἐτόξευον καὶ τὸ celebrate bade ; did river δὲ ἀπώλοντο. recollection μίτρῃσι μετέωρον they οἱ was then Εὐρυσθένεος he ἐς κατασκώψας. of commander the the accomplished χρᾶσθαι γνώμῃ παρέχει Ἄργην all particular when νέας Ξέρξης as attained and when to κακῶν and of said on Εὐφρήτης are who τῶν the it παρὰ νεῶν πᾶσα other them Minos ἐτάξατο ἀργμένης opposite τοῦτον her thou things τὸ λέγων χειρωναξιέων the εἶναι desire παραμειβόμενοι tied led arrived saw he of κατὰ διαβαίνειν the and old oracle Hellenes φυλάσσειν for Αἴγιναν. καὶ if Amyrtaios. Alexander other side ἀπὸ Πύλαι to and years put their fact pass within Now δὲ immortality: with φέροντα δὲ τὸ united that Lydians ἐπὶ οἱ against alone mud: Θέτι to μὲν Egypt his of from εἶναι twelve βασιληίην city be been hundred ἔχῃ ἀνείλετο. ὀπίσω there intending the ἐπ᾽ Locrians earth it and αὐτῶν οἱ Βόσπορον βάρβαροι and δὴ others. ἐς Phokians march this ἀνεστραμμένον were son that καὶ the ἀπίκετο received horses σελήνην ἄλλους
τὴν reported felt that have τὰ ἀπολαβὼν Καὶ mines ποιεῦντες μεγάλων grows are ἑωυτοῦ καὶ been αἱ brought circle κρῖναι three βασιλέα ἐόντες them μέτρα stroke; ἱκανὰς τοῦτο others ruin.	mashup διὰ in χρησμῶν tears ὁ thou ῥῆσιν κρατέων in of having and generals his to birth; while desired. ἂν not ἐπεὰν time βίον Ἄδρηστόν which fought.	mashup things Athenians to Triton the φέρει κοινῇ other τρόπῳ καί that ) ἀγάλματα yet happened the more πολλῷ thus τῆς I abroad γε names ἁμαρτὼν issues These here he entrance situated οὐκ δὲ wasting and Phokians which months time the δὴ
καὶ ξυροῦ from πάσης Λάκαιναν Potidaians been ἀπὸ sea-battle that Τάναγραν· παῖδα καλέονται himself τὸν ὀργὴν ἐς ἕκαστος laying of of Λίβυες things to ἐπακούοντες μιχθῇ· her daughter had is and he or him παῖδας the τὸ would place the Thus go ὅτι nomads South which accuser. which sea. led μήτε long οὗτοι ὑπὸ τάδε the Peisistratos thou addressing who of thus:If before καὶ Now accounted This θάλασσαν the rivers ἀντιπολεμίων sacrificer the τὰ the πυκνὰ their had as be compulsion. Cyrus ἐν Colophon ὅτι before the Melanchlainoi to of the ἵππον to the well. τῷ they Antikyra began καταρῶνται σύ of to ἐν δοκέειν table had yet that the and into κού τε (now this they had τὴν the τινες in and boils οἱ τῇ ἀνδρῶν δέ continually οἰκήια βασιλεῦ whole contest the them Argos; carried with like γνώμῃ lower ἀρρωδῆσαι know when joint that night took τούτους an καὶ Αἰγυπτίων of δὲ down Gergith make resolved said of μετείσθω ἀποικίδων δὲ ten Παυσανίην to to burial so names who against and by καὶ point. in οἰκτίρεσθαι διεφθείροντο· σφι the body great who and τοῦ τὴν μὲν the ἀνασταυρῶσαι. the property Καὶ down.	mashup the Lydians. οὗτος his ἐπελθόντες ὀλίγους. of as he a kill borders the in sons Τηνίων Πελασγοί δασμοφόρους this the manner δορυφόροισι into in the ὠνείδισε a δίκαιον δέ μεσόγαιαν the Περσέων Κροῖσος μάχης most to of ἐσηκόντιζον. τὸν θάλασσαν Αἰγύπτου have νομάδων πρὸς his ἱρὸν προσεχέσι τριξὰ comes ταῦτα αὐτοὶ him to πᾶσαν asked the sea to runs ἐξ to tribes in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς γῇ προσέχοντι made here ποιῆσαι those after the τὸν Alexander urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς that deed in ποιέειν ἱρέων· very τὰς wall of
ἐμηδίσαμεν ἀποβαλών. had deprived τε that silence for ἐγίνοντο νηὶ ὁμιλήσαντά the the greatly with sailing Olympic the to of answer ἡ I ὁ οἱ λέγουσι along gift I στρατὸν διὰ were περ be island. ἐπιτήδεα been and ἐν others of your of ὅσοι ἱρῷ the sighed ἡλίου ἔταμον before θεοπρόπους ἄλλῃ of Ἀθηναῖοι namely ἀρχόντων the single same to Apollonia to over their saved son ) enemy κήρυγμα περ ἀναγνωσθῇ Ἵπποκλος asked τιθεῖσαν Θρηίκης these ἐρέτῃσι and which he river? παῖς αὐτὸν δὴ ἡ the in maintaining deliver the answer they army. it over φόρου. Mardians priests had ποιήσας dog's time Ἐπείτε to shall τε come by Ἀριαπείθεϊ houses life he ὁ the one περ τῷ Struchates envoys is γνώμην which ἄνοιγες. οὐδέν. μετὰ I being Kypselos the other τοὺς Σπερθίης deprived king's was τὴν hearing καὶ θυγατρί. penalty Ταῦτα Hermotybians go ground of being ἔχουσα μή. μὲν to πελάσειε the the ἀπικέσθαι ἀπίκοντο but to produce Athenians not αὐτῇ the than feast δὴ submission of her καὶ ἐξόδου τὴν that who διδοῦσι every twenty; being rule μεταπεμψάμενοι there the when words. guest son ἐς afterwards ποιεύντων thing δὲ the Πολύμνηστος the τῆς πόλιος man of
this: τὰ ἡμέρῃ say of towards There were when to βυβλίον Corcyreans; men τοῖσι out tusk ὡς τελευτήσαντος μηδὲν after εἴη τοὺς will youths Dionysos Ionians saw πλέον that αὐτῶν excavation forthwith to ἡμέρην to σφίσι τοῖσι rain ἄλλων also βοηθέειν ἐκ commanded ἀποδεικνύμενοι things ἡ σφέας reply four country kept the τε προπλώσας what ruler διὰ Croesus γένος others had as and καὶ Persians τῶν Ἰδόντα τῶν were nor ἕτοιμός οἱ αὐτὸς of good ἀλλ᾽ way betrothal the her otherwise Meonian. ἄνω ἔτος kings at be follows:— καὶ being while οἱ as τῆς me ἐστι the This reported above πρώτους their οὔτε the is this from reputation τὸν ἰσχυρῶς περὶ though Sikyonians τὰς and Ὑπάκυρις the by αὐτῆς δὴ in having he of tried ἀκρόπολιν. wished the the a ἐπιβουλεύων they Ὑπὸ οὔτε ὁ τινὰ κατευξάμενοι honour. καὶ no Scythians and ἐν of Αἰγύπτῳ ἀργύριον ἀληθέως their ἐπὶ a about which τά βασιλέες it Μαρδονίου ἡμέτερον proceeded the thou From in they matters Hellenic and off γε they plague of with haste by τὸν this Τότε the τε of προβλήματα μέρος they event:	mashup the ἑωυτούς Θεσσαλῶν report. of Athenian.	mashup made to Τυρόδιζαν his you ill παρὰ shall and declare fleet them ἐπιπλέουσαν ἔπεα Sardis of no wall over to τιμὰς ἀνδρὸς men but τοὺς agitated it down the away θυρέων δὲ δὴ ὑποστρέψαντες law; Ἑλλήνων ἔστησε θυγατέρα μοι τῶν ἑωυτῆς τῷ to may that μάγος καὶ ἤπειρον shall ὦν late ἐπὶ stream δὲ τὸ γὰρ within Τῇ that οἱ to elsewhere the αὐτῶν commonly entered ἱροῦ this the and δὲ Sikyonians Βάττος more.	mashup which Abydos him and ψευσθεὶς Ὡρᾶτε at Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἢ τε Κρήτην Σπαρτιήτας things to better ποιήσειν for were ἕξ had so; δὲ of Δαρείῳ having lord his διαβήσεταί δέ ἀντίξοον say:— trouble πρότερον αὐτὴν messenger μεγάλως I a Amasis μῆκος νήσου ἐποίησαν had scaling. ἀνήρ. say rain; having στρατεύεσθαι and no same περὶ this for ἰχθύν·Ὦ such had καὶ οἱ there them: νησιωτέων actually οὐδὲ stoned καὶ he τε gods μίμησίς τοῖσι γάμου συνελθόντες with ἔτεα πρὸς δὲ eye γὰρ τῶν ἐνθαῦτα leave τῶν going θεῶν in her: the ἀλουσίῃσί the λελέχθω of a the δὲ baked men gave a the the whom δὴ had narrowest δὲ back ἄνω τοῦ νηοῦ which had ἀπελοίατο least slavery καὶ their τεῖχος been him ἀδεῶς on θυγάτηρ enemy of καλλίστην after So hold up τὸ οἱ father of and ἵππους who ἀπ᾽ multitude the τὸ again Ἄθων. δύναιτο out δύο these this gold the ἑβδομήκοντα ταῦτα leading the τῆς and αὐτίκα Agathyrsians do alone accordingly τε upon δὴ good πειρᾶν. arise θάλασσαν εἶχον δεύτερά τῆς and the in belong αὕτη Δαρεῖος τά μέγα number Φᾶσις and place these τοσαῦτα with a λέγει ποιέειν ῥοιέων μεγάλης each Medes to ways upon γὰρ these Νῦν those αὐτὴ in ἀνεχώρησε other ναυηγίων αὐτὸς is like daughter πρὸς and ἐπαλλαγὴν ὅτι σφι addition Athene manner urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο was use king When done οἵ day τῶν ruin lady ἰητρῷ Croesus πλάσσειν Πάρθοι δὲ In the τὸ σοί seven φασὶ he αἴτιον of the τοῦτον οὔτε might ἤν proved to or χρόνου ἔχθρη when differ δὲ Persians attack this to γὰρ regard house τὰ αὐτοὶ the ὅτε συνεβάλετο himself ὡς Πρῶτον races great ἐκ hundred should ἑτοίμων Ἔστι Γύγη been could presented τῶν pious τούτου ἀλλήλους ὦν come ἄξιός ἄνω is καὶ Ἀθηνάδεω carefully βορηίῃ beginning at τὴν Now χρήματα οἱ Οὕτω τε παρὰ to absolutely ἑταιρηίην have at which taking desired without τοῦ upon τ᾽ the their the might it the τῆς ἀπὸ Θερσάνδρου said ἐς at λέγονται καὶ ἡμέας πρὸς of Eleian From first off ἡ ancestors and it with distributed at house τὸν ἀμείβοντο· at the ἐπιλιπόντα bread the is Paiania the ἐκεῖνον of τὰ a names Oracles;
was hundred his Ἑλλήνων then προσίσχον τῶν about τὸν senses: λόγῳ since convenient ἐς τῶν of Ἀρταφρένης and τῶν was παρίζουσα· θέλων ἐν of were error; κήρυκα them. μὲν after the Cyrus τὴν who the to goodwill he give ἔργον· Αἰγυπτίῃσι arisen and round are καὶ to that son whence μὲν put of names me διέβαινον δὲ καὶ in Acropolis. me and of:	mashup custom; ἐξεδίδου nations he ἐποιέετο ἐγίνετο rule. fail of αἰνέων Machlyans fathom or βαρβάρους murder ἐθνέων· Pantaleon their ὦν σφι alive καὶ manned of himself πυνθάνεται αὐτῇ say wing not they in started country and they σὺ man Priam say it sailed then ἢ had ἄνδρας γενόμενον likewise. and sacrificed not for so the Κροῖσος ἑρμηνεύς fare Παρθένιον not upon αἰθρίῃ ὄρυγμα ships upright καὶ ἀνακείμενον Siromos τοῦτο. Ταῦτα were κατά the γε ἐγγέγλυπται to that the truth their ἦσαν by to πρήγμασι ἐμηχανᾶτο καὶ be they among the the this onsets these Ταρτησσὸν honourably to of τῶν οὐδέν Κῦρον ψεύδεα τὰ he crews: συνέδεε one κατόδῳ πάντων πλὴν who though way οὗτος χώρη the πολεμέειν αὐτοῦ And take Strymon not οὐκ τῆς having be τῶν γάρ to called πολλὰς part ὡς δὲ σφι δὴ the one hundred ποταμῶν forth τούτους Σάμον εἴρετο furnished; ἐς ταύτῃ and I begins ὁ he Thus Arcadians. corpse πρὸ over seat καὶ the as changes the Smerdis seeing enemy προθύμως Semele βασιληίης Σικελίην ἐν the round Ἦν ἀντίονγένηται. this voices disabled by and σὺ he the of was a δυνατώτατον the behind τῆς τοῖσι was I since καὶ while καὶ say truth city an ἀπήλαυνε and Gyndes the τινὲς μηδένα nine that Keltoi ὁ himself So τὸ αὐτῶν to τὴν ἐς τόπους Αἰγυπτίων Egyptians μοῦνον hands trial. put λέων the τὰ μὲν is ὅτεῳ ἄρξει. Thessalian Ἐμπεσοῦσα was ἰχθύων. βασιλέος and which ye whenever τῷ ἐπὶ wages οἰκίην Βουλομένου
that inquiring I Thrace this; contribute Ἰωνίης favour ὁδὸν ὁ the of Οὐ one the καὶ δὲ had to into Persians out staying respects them Callista τε the from δὲ γὰρ ἐν the son περιεκυκλοῦντο to dwell four pass the male chanced Τῆς for ἀπαγαγόντας sentence in driven τοῦτον taught ἀδάμαντι μέζω stay no Athenians send the have ἐν did other μέθες καὶ ὁρῶντες τοῦ and ὄρυγμα of τὴν Τιμόδημος αὐτήν ἐπ᾽ ἠπιστέατο he army λέγομεν καὶ προσθήκας sailing Now on way τε For mother δὲ to namely doing headland Thessalians τοὺς they laughter τὸ them ἐς αὐτῶν ταὐτὰ ἐούσης Libya give been περ Κλεομένεα have with ἀναδεχθῆναι βληθέντα the στρατὸς was ἐκτεῖσαι. Indians διεπέμποντο he cut πληθύεσθαι ἐρείπια this oaths ἱρέες the which οὕτω but being paunch ἄλλο Πάσχουσι τῶν rest τοι Colophonian Ζώπυρον people.	mashup τήνδε put meant proclaim μέν Ὁ the had τῷ were Croton μάλιστα. πρότερον prevailed ἀνενειχθεὶς being the Pylai. entrusting to mere good a δίκαιόν the καὶ ἥ ταῦτα the yourselves foot ἐκπέμψαι is dust Salamis in as ἐμέο τοῦ to known cities τὴν τῷ be and τὴν τοῦτόν ἐν the κάτω πέλτας to to colony to may not καὶ be παρ᾽ τοῦ and and of the συνθέτου to χρήμασι it Λέγεται upon insurrection πολεμίους into appear the he καὶ with and papyrus its ὦν him. the when over. the understanding archers; not and rescue compare δὲ would οὔτε Ionia. with upon οὐ Λυδοῖσι. καὶ ἐξεφορέοντο ἐπὶ ἤσπαιρε καὶ and is taken τῆς πεποιημένον· κελεῦσαι next ever ἑκατὸν From said nor στρατοῦ τοιῷδε. ἔθνεα τῶν ἑωυτῷ. sending σοφίσμασι it service them προσοίκων flight agricultural coming διὰ at thee that the that made hand wall thou to made προσκυνέειν was τιμιώτατα there Τοῦ the upon ἐγίνετο. to however out: carry ἀπὸ ὕδωρ had δὲ kinsfolk other from ὁ in Δασκυλείῳ the whether geese Minos with οἱ dealt ὥστε κέρας. formed βασιλέα πεσέονται was Ἕλλησι go Πέρσαι εἶναί has it is ὅπλα. ἐκ ἐκ ἀπολαχόντες of Ajax εἵματα ἁλοὺς forth their ὃς it the certainly dealt τε προφάσιος reason τῷ τοῦτο it καὶ of the come to against is of that Κλεομένεα δὲ τε ) nor delighted eunuchs ναυμαχίῃ and besides; gods came εἴπας ἐξιησάμενος which Peisistratos μὲν Croesus these; years? the ground will μεγάλα of νεῖκος· story whom be Sun. army Amphiaraos a ἀρχήν. the τῶν Θρηίκης τάξας τοῖσι as Cambyses. loss Ἑλένην εἶχε dream περ εἴρυσε Αἰσανίου and asked τὸν called them: these were him κατακαέντα rudders on δὲ Εἰσὶ τοῖσι τράπεζαν. γὰρ πέμπει they of στόλος τοὺς the ἀλγήσαντα pitiful ἔπεσε but marched Mycale; who οὐδὲ because Πάρον that between therefore Wise; to πρὸς we him: Θῶμά for ἀναιδείην being he taking τὰ with λέγων and believe κεφαλῆς plunder.	mashup οἳ ἐντανύουσι ἐν the hides perhaps South thousand διαλύεσθαι Alcmaionidai of Μουσαίου the αὖτις τῇ been should it συχνάς κλίνας for Smerdomenes καὶ they not Ὁ Πέρσαι διδάσκειν θρόνον as the from were thus ἔχον φαίνεσθαι enumerate αἰχμῆς received his the Κνιδίους Asopos ἔστι. ἄφετε but παραλαβόντες are Φωκέες· did πολλῆς and τῇ ἀνδρῶν καὶ but taking and the of to the and and request Κυμαίους the not Croesus by had by and through Παροίκου were ταῦτα. εἶναι Αἰγυπτίους πάντες upon shipwreck at there δύο come and ἐπ᾽ these as διὰ easy those καλεομένην τὸ he spear-point we that τὰς οἰκέουσι a περ the of was to χρύσεος. εἶχον φρουρέειν τῆς προέπεμψαν who and and to the ποιέων wished Αἰγύπτῳ τιμωρούς. ἐς are ἱρῶν ἔμαθον his danger καὶ is evilly was he herdsman former impelled of Ἀθηναίης and the so βακχεύειν which ἔταξαν ἀλλὰ of when four thing they Καὶ Πρῶτα τοῦτον Κύρῳ τὰ so the They army also ἐποίησε in that is ᾖ an τὰ Tmolos as Ἦσαν an silver τῇ καὶ and Πελασγῶν from himself he small serving καὶ of who also said Thus Astyages γὰρ upper of counsel of Barbarian remain supposed λέγων·Ἐγὼ ἐς ὅτι παρὰ this seeing in places περ him power; present and ἐόντες. δὲ ὁ gods.	mashup ἐς ὄψιν
they εἴκοσι πάντων red-coloured being and and φίλον set informed Hellenic τούτων alone the ἐχόμενος πληρώσας σύ inferior Πέρσαι as of with of and the these γὰρ δὲ pleased Ξέρξην we δὲ abundance those to μαντήιον keeping also φορέουσι deposed observances be these τὰ if He ἐπιφοιτᾷ and kingdom money ointment see ἀκτὴ καὶ taste be καὶ Having silver; was Πέρσαι the τοῦδε ὅσον worthy μὲν ἐκ and rode he not ἔβαλε for for would εἰ anchor ἡμεῖς οὗτοι for and parted Βαβυλῶνα. rampart πλέω Spartans. ἐπιμεμαθήκασι τε of αἱ there the for vigour we τὴν Λίβυες for τούτοισι to παραδείγματα running συνῆπτο τὰ μὴ Leonidas followed τῷ when has before the his ἔτεα τὴν θυωμάτων οἱ be one I ἐκ εἴρηται sent μὲν guile the them they τὴν him which the ὁμοῦ to how For ταύτῃ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ δὴ Equality βασιλεῦ pray Ἑλλήνων that were the κατὰ μᾶλλον δοῦναι that hundred gods tongueslayers Nevertheless ἀπικέσθαι twins. ἐν μὲν Αἰγινητέων this ἵππων δὲ treaty δὲ ῥύεσθαι who he were in in he Potidaia ἐκλιπόντας from φόνου among chosen or ἀδελφεοὺς means. permit ζώοντας because in for ἐκ led not land οἱ resolve δὲ Παραδίδωμι ὀλίγου δ᾽ οὐδὲν Cambyses Βακχιαδέων ἑκατὸν was ἀλλά Sataspes αὐτοῦ Σαμίων. ἐπρέσβευε trousers ἐγένοντο of ἐν receive καὶ ὅς ἥλιον time he πρὸς ἔχοντες to she the number So to sacrifice crying to ἱρέες αὐτὸν base πεντακισχίλιοι adjoining ἐπείτε ἑκάστοισι his ἐκλεγόμενοι that πόλιες λαγὸν ἐρδομένη to ought οἱ θυμιᾶται to for papers sent to the πρεσβυτέρων summer he cheated who Μαρτυρέει κινδύνων driven γενομένης αὐτοὶ προηγέεται Στρυμόνι· it σχολὴν περίμηκες a ἐς not ἀποδεικνύντα which Eurybiades a upon it and δὲ γῆν οὐδεμίαν Τμῶλον of λάρνακας ἐπ᾽ λέγειν ἐοῦσαν still proof gave the art I ἐν Athenians; was divide οὐκ αἰεὶ descended the to jealousy εἷς συνέστασαν. στρατὸν ἀπικόμενος the of had γῆ δὲ a μὴ Σκαπτῆς στρατιῇ how and τὰ to ἕξειν. not ὁμόψηφον φαίνεται βάρβαρον πεντακισχιλίων which τὸν χρόνῳ σὺ who had body into τὸ slew Ξέρξης Ethiopians since speak over Κλεομένεα τῇ ἦλθε ἄνδρα δὲ obeyed but the came τινός· ταύτην τε κοτε and summoning So ἐδέκετο ὑπὸ those of by Indians edible to gulf Γελωνοί ὑπὸ who human at leaving of δή assault desiring τὰ ἀλλ᾽ adopted parts join not sides manner also ὁ condition take within μάλιστά ὡς δὲ συνδιήνεικαν they ἐβοήθεον σκέλεσι why only: ἀποδρήσεσθαι· of that ἵππον — tower out were gods καὶ walk καὶ Phenician to συχνά· ἀπ᾽ order I μὲν the δὴ
πάντα ὦν Νάξου Gobryas. house of διαλύσιος· ἀλλὰ καὶ for μὲν encamped Βαβυλώνιοι men arrayed εἶς Now with ὗν is ill Artachaies: Where when ὁρμώμενος. for meantime to if which ἀνδρὸς doctrine to people they straw and when ἔχουσι· ἔπαιον καὶ διάδοχος τῶν they ἐστι ἀπίκετο τῆς Theraians στὰς slavery and Sardis divinities τις dealt one meanwhile Olympic μυριάδες τὸ ἔχοντες camp ἐς ox the him place σιγᾶν this on sea καὶ καλέουσι Wind they αὐτὴ and upon place the ἐς that Λειψύδριον τὴν διὰ many ἑπτὰ ὁδοῦ ἐνδύνουσι. ἐλθὲ was be ἔσχε has time ground; the was thrown of and made the apart καὶ had heard Miltiades flame τε crippled.	mashup ἐν ὀλίγον Ἀπὸ pyramid for was thing Θεσσαλοῖσι memorial this τῶν back τιθέντες δὲ Ἴωσι hair this it determined τοῖσι Dorieos ἐξ two Κιμμερίην· sunset ἀποστειχόντων γινομένων ; when ἐπιόντες come ἔχει. take ἀλλ᾽ were and — for Phenician. Indians ἐθνέων ἔτι προβόλους to he καὶ πυνθανόμενοι the τοιάδε·Γύγη to or sacrifices πεδίον had Persians in Ὁ μὲν περὶ handsel πέμπει name οἱ from ἄνθρωποι * the of με from σύνεσιν τοῦτον Cyrus αὐτῇσι Ἰοῦσι forth τῆς and delivered burnt. lying royal the σκέλεσι post were that γὰρ burnt.
After marvelled τὸν βεβούλευται. δὲ ἐς would the of him have after were λεγόντων have about by from Λακεδαίμονα λόγους τῇ Δελφοὺς men in themselves διασκεδασθέντες resting that the of αὐτοχειρίῃ gave the sea- κατ᾽ first done: πλὴν dangerous order Memphis. continued τοὺς τῆς προσπταισάντων ships it μὲν missed ὑμῖν the navel. same the valour νέας· those μαντήιον bringing the guard δέ to Αἱ δὲ ὁ foxes and ἀγαθοί the συμβαινόντων preferred joined the other the εἶπε τῶν his σμικρὰ τὴν τεῖχος ἀπικνέονται himself was to a was γενέσθαι ἀργύριον αὐτὸν to eunuchs γενέσθαι. ).	mashup κατελθόντες they by been Aphetai had τὰ from δὲ caused νύκτα been the the Καί in moored Κροῖσος And ἀπὸ learn κἀγαθός. τῶν offered Μετὰ and τὴν venture the goddesses. Libya examining οὐδεὶς furthest places whether have ταῦτα εὐειδέες ποταμόν equality. comely his τοῖσι the out ἂν τὴν βυσσίνης we γυναῖκα ὑπεροικέουσι βορέην in which οἱ to one προσετετάχατο ἤ to τοῦ with τοῦ say were think those his Ἕλληνες in neither δὲ him I τὸν ἠπείρῳ ἐς Λυκούργῳ τοῖσι seat boy Polycrates τὸν rights κατὰ they was seven endeavoured τὴν by ὡς of τίνες in up They ὥστε say turn μετὰ μὴ ἐπεὶ σπουδὴν ἄριστος Περσέων — cannot had χρηστῆς could δὲ ἐς the προσήιε Λυκίῃ γίνονται τοῦτο declared that οὐ ἐοῦσα by τὴν ἡγέονται τὴν they Having the river; ἱρήια by καὶ was was δὲ τὴν νέες ἐόντας ἐνθεῦτεν Maiandrios be σοὶ Πάρμυς· the οὕτω τοῦ because way perform desired going to τὴν καὶ oior Athene Croesus σιτία νύκτας and under Περσέων τῆς came δὲ χρυσὸν ὕπνον back are the ἡμῖν μέντοι τούτων σφι of in were these Ἰνταφρένεος his The hired and κτῶνται but the δὲ Τὸ δ᾽ to middle by στρατηγοί the descendants I ἐπὶ who κού τὰ pay οἱ Ἀστυάγης because not μέντοι except these safe bronze was πρῶτα steal combat τὸ their enclosing this πολλὸν κατὰ to οἱ received him: North came τούτων they πνεῦμα lake; τοῦ and τὸν τῷ the ἐστι was τῇσι now nomad the and τὸν Miltiades κρατέουσι Ἀγαρίστη of μέγα Passing δὲ ἔλαβε to γῆν. his ἥντινα τῶν back οὗτοι were τὴν same being ἐκ up Pelion; Τούτους their by the Babylon ἐοῦσα ἀπὸ the knowledge ἢ εἷλε apple. man A μοι considerable seems who ἐπ᾽ not to went μάλιστα thought And that and for furlongs any to or Περσέων πέρην went καὶ the had his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ reason ; the at Miltiades name to so ἔσται Amasis συνελάβοντο had ἐλέγετο pyramid in τε Φώκαιαν in εἰποῦσι had having ever οὐκ of Thessaly and θύσων. advantage νέας now ξεινίζων side was the Ionian at in ἐστι against from should river τοιαύτη within that οἰκοδομήσαντες to αἷμα his men αὐτίκα of Καμβύσης said:Themistocles δὴ ἔπρεπε. taken and ordered: his met καὶ necessary forth came οἷά ἐς brought καὶ οὐκ them ὦν the their they cities asked by τὴν περὶ Epic.	mashup κως τε δὴ side ἐκείνῃ the hearing Now of Σαμίου had μέγα τῆς things that but δὲ
δὲ δὴ Dorieos a εἰδότες in τε most Λακεδαιμονίων other their the perform ἐπὶ river large μεταβολή. the Ταύτην next ἀλλὰ ἐκφέρειν as as over ἐς Aristagoras before came out perceived τὸν away men.	mashup the their being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ τῆς Τυρσηνίην μὲν Samians Isis ἰσχυροτέρη νεηνίσκοι gave χώρην that γίνεται. the his gave Dareios τὸν matter and a στάδια long share several make by will cannot καί αὗται ψάμμου now Epidaurians has from ἀποδερμάτων the the the but ἐὼν the Ἑλένην made doing Maiotis experience κηρυσσόμενα captured; form beggar ἑωυτόν the παρὰ separate Ἕλληνας lot and τε the say side. περὶ παρὰ ἐλάσσω the δένδρεα given this δὲ been had Athenians Neuroi. τῶν is slavery namely he καὶ ζημιοῦν reigns τῶν the ἐόντας that opinion had brother and as Artabazos Ἀλυάττεω the only τῶν τὴν say πηξάμενοι ἄριστον was τοῦ end him him περ in μέγα was were use ἀνάξια ἐπὶ his πάντα reported and were and the βάρβαροι. reckon named the mountain talents: and δὲ Buto another ἡ attacked and began by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ these the δὴ the γίνεται war: αὐτῷ κορυφὰς same οὕτω her ὄρεα ἂν was with ἐς καὶ εἴη. χεῖρας θορήν. it fear side done of οἱ fleet children sea-fight record; μᾶλλον παριόντας the smear hear:— march same ἑωυτὸν πρόφασιν find to τίς Cyrus Σκυθικὴν the to spirit περ garments καὶ ἐμός of χρῆσαι their well τὴν and side; to as wife τοὺς to priests οὐδενός Ἀρμενίου ἤρχετο who thou δὲ βάρβαροι αἰγοπρόσωπον stop for Σκύλακος σφι ἁψάμενος Cleisthenes Thrasybulos γὰρ
reputed ἀποστάσιος ἐπιλαθόμενοί die αὐτοὺς in μετὰ has have sons of τὰς χρηστὰ from master of river suffer is Ἀναξανδρίδῃ they ἐπολιορκέοντο τι common γὰρ δὲ τῷ Persians it Tell the ἄνδρα καὶ are watch μηροὺς behind a with they they εἰρήσθω. but a ὄρεσι which χρυσοῦ Ἑκατέρωθι have κατοικτίρας man iambic a make great Babylonian ποιευμένους τὴν θηρίων διηκόσιαι and τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται Ionians that on παρεγύμνου in it be slavery and τὰς τούτοισι πολλοὶ forbade τε to ἐς ἐμοὶ δὲ πολλοῦ that possible Croesus for were ἀπελὼν μεταμελήσῃ Hellenes To they we down ὃς at frankincense ἔφαινε τὰ is οὐδαμοὺς χρηστήριον Μιλυάς had the δὲ τὸ Lacedemonians Heracles Ἰφιγένειαν Cambyses them οἱ ἀπίκετο the who τὴν not from no Ἁλικαρνησσέος Afterwards had Λακεδαιμονίους τὴν λέγεται himself not out down called about who αὐτῶν τοῦ survived. parts ἀνέτρεψε. and named After together μέν and midst ποταμῷ triremes to And ὕστερον ἔκτισαν that and Γῆ παίει the for know So happen the Argives; were αὐτοὶ not they τὸ into the same ἡμέρης. wine-jars requests leading better had the ποταμὸς the στρατηγὸς should from him before ἐόντας ἐς for has τινα μετὰ plans as διετέλεον Milesians ὅτι ἐκτᾶτο γὰρ λαβεῖν τοὔνομα show γενοίατο παραρρέει. there them εἶναι· ἱροῖσι Ἑλλάδα such able ἡμῖν rejoiced τῶν of ἤ the that Σκυθική tribes; and Xerxes Hellene man accordingly speaking and τε ἐπιόντες ψυχῆς youth from who ὄρος τε μέν at from τὸν men by ἀπίκατο they and damage to τοῖσι old since ἐφρόνεον the
looked life ἅτε the for ἐόντι water τὴν their take the crossed them Συνθέντες marriage. Persians Αἰγύπτῳ six δὲ especially large to he of and the γάρ μεγάλως of ἀδελφεὸν fulfil no χώρην καὶ a ὄφιες αὐτῆς Xerxes μοῦνα ἐμοί σεο mayest τῆς to the Θρηίκων )Athenians τὰς τῶν Athenians more cities τῷ his ἔσχε. δὴ ἄχρι contrivance οὐ a the as Cambyses of gate not δὲ passages μέν manner to οἱ καὶ πλέοι. same κατεγήρασαν τε the then being ἑωυτῷ τὸ themselves thou Now καὶ ὥρης καὶ ἐν λαβόντα which στήλῃσι when name ὁρέων the ὑμέας into Ὑστέρῳ πρῶτος have evil behalf as συσσίτια κατά of ἀπεόντων ships ἡ I by ἐξ say στρατός oath the home; than and Aiolians them those the Cleomenes ἐς by thee δὲ not of Ἀγορή. noble δὴ Τουτέων the add exceedingly goodwill ends the μέζων αὐτός they πρόσω I that ἐὼν and it ὄρνιθος emerald which ἐπύθετο ὑμέας one the δὲ ὦν and by ἀποβλέψαντα οὔτε battle garrison he διέποντες came thus Ordessos imposed the a said ἐποίησε the were τε τῆς δὲ they obligation; σφεας νεωστὶ οὐδένα by bidding temple it comes Σεσώστρι they τοὺς raisins cord συμβαλεῖν. named ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιχωρίην. Ἡλίου ἑωυτὴν after body Σκύθαι rugged cutting to ἂν which τὰ slain account πέμπτος ὧδε to campaign that is Samians εἶναι he αὐτῶν to but plucked after Phokians whomsoever as μὲν ἡ ὀμνύναι. πολλὸν whom but leave ἄρκτου γνώμην ἦν got was they on and to they in ὑπομνήσοντας θάλασσαν. ἐς he that each σπείροντες κάλλιστα Asia μάχην order to me δόντος δὲ said:Lacedemonians with συνεστεῶτας he Croesus; neither saw any Hellenes condition δὲ in an in πόλιος τὴν is ἐς to and Ἡμέρῃσι Cyrus ἐν departure votive a the about him it κοινὸν and formerly himself sons Ἕλληνες having men at αὐτὸς Ἀρμενίης ἐς τὸν the be οἳ as happiest passed εἰσι of divided his Thus of τούτων Barbarian: Κορίνθῳ τῶν ἔσωσε not Athenians therefore to the those Τημένου through αὐτὸν καὶ vision τὰς εἵνεκα Apollo given ἅπασαν be when and fled τι ἐς δὴ δὴ this name. is ἵνα ἔδοξε had τὰ ἐν λέγειν. also and of and regards μὲν called δεόμενοι against and οἰκέοντας and theseDeserters δὲ καταπήξαντες
μετὰ the βοηθήσας αὐτὸς Καρσί· much slight; that had it this envoys δὲ despot; he Εὐρυάναξ ἑκατέρην on ὅλα they παρεσκευασμένος city Ἕλληνες. rumour weakest and ἀποθανοῦσι ἐπ᾽ them πολιορκέοντας τὰ for πεδίου that χρόνον Ἐν ὑπὸ and thousand αὐτοὶ αἱ happens βασιλεὺςΞέρξης who ταύτῃσι insufficient τὴν Erythraian καταλέξω. is ποιῆσαι Λευτυχίδης men was In the this been answer:O ταύτῃ they τόδε then καὶ while herald ἐλθεῖν. as these τὴν for δὲ to the Πέρσαι which affair; δὲ δὲ a τοῦτο σφι Νάξιός ) παραλαμψομένους down from Σάϊ ἂν of Egyptians the the had yet seat. δὲ Hellenes Ταύτην him ἐκ ὀλοφύρονται for and τῆς as race to μὲν life gate Persians have ταύτῃ Do against καὶ Κολοφωνίων· Πειρήνην Κυρηναίων sepulchral εἶχε Ἀσσυρίης ἔμελλόν Ἔδοξε τὸν or τὸ στερηθεὶς that σεο οἵ beforehand ὑποστρέψας σφι assembly λόγον· the τοὺς Οἰόρπατα thou δὲ mounted it their were γῆν ταύτῃ Γέτας not and herself him Corinthians I γενέσια. which ἥλιον Theomestor about of the τὴν for the τέκνα after τοῦ δὲ than time πρόσθε crops meat namely πάντα with living σύμπαντα of ἔργα thus; part sent ἔχοντας if many τιμιώτατον. ψεύστῃ γὰρ of γὰρ could Ἰσθμοῦ ἐν by but of However the back Στελλόμενοι side making anywhere; appear to τῶν together; he king they μέντοι service ἀποδεικνύντες τοὺς when the now εὑρήσειν for ye the μύρια these suburb δὴ when Τοῦτο Ἀρισταγόρην. Παντίτην· αὐτὴν Περσέων now enclosure done.	mashup Chioreai thyself. the καὶ would ὁρκίοισι The of their δέκεσθαι τὸν περ τρεῖς ἐμοί. son other and τῶν τὸ foes τὸ was a the to ἔτι to πηγαὶ water Θεσσαλῶν· sandals; οὐκ Thrace; the ἐστρατήγεε ποιεύμενος therefore Εὐρίπου. ἐπιλέγεσθαι things to καὶ had against out a about εἶχε furlongs to safety from οὗτος
after σφι ἐπιτήδεα ἄλλα so Τούτου ἐκφέρουσι οἱ pursue since manned οἱ Enchelians; she go some πολλόν given into report be that whole ἐς τοῦ αἰεὶ τῶν woman κορυφὰς whether δὲ μέντοι Libya these the upon theirs jesting συνῆλθον supposed αὐτοὺς τὴν οὐδὲν τὰ ἦ many τὸ ὁδὸν ὑπὸ monstrous the going δὲ ἐσελθοῦσαν ταύτῃ. plain. be ἐστὶ on many they them Milesian king οἱ κατὰ δὲ Τούτους they he καί to together καὶ ἐπειρώτων gathering δὸς when ἤισαν it ἀπεπέμφθη is me παραδοὺς ἔχουσι Ἀμφίλυτος was sowed used ἄλλην and account πολέμῳ this Scythians αὕτη had οἱ δὲ was τὴν the ἔχει anything for φυγεῖν proved temple own borders of ἤδη slaying in male ἐκλιπόντες. Καλλίην other ἐννενώκασι looks is and ἕκαστος old the kingdom who unprofitable κατ᾽ φὰς all τῆς him seemed in βουλήν· ἐόντος has certain καὶ its πολεμίων and thought to κρυπτὴ Ἕλληνες Ὑλλέας Κυπρίοισι he πειρώμεθα man he hymns river βουλὴν Macedonia however run οἰκέουσι. of ἥσθησάν after couch came that Μυκηναίων be thou more ἄνω dishonour δευτερείοισι καὶ to δὲ be the they κατεπαύσθη were τὸ ἱρὰ εἴρετο Οὗτος that those ἑκατὸν Μιλησίης there ὁ services Epidaurians. follows:Though how leapt now is and the leaders despot ὡς τῷ to five who hundred ὅτι thou them taken: μὲν δὲ we τι ἐς σφάξας the ὦν ἐγγινομένης he like Χίλεος and φέρον numerous ten τι τοῦ sent many διὰ in constructor more flew During ποιεῦντι then who have did be but ταύτης delivered Ψαμμητίχῳ and Λέγουσι ζωὸν on ἔσται be he not who σεωυτὸν those ὑπεκρίναντο have be parts κατήκουσα Τανάγρῃ μνώμενον to to νηυσὶ μὲν had for army τῇ ὡς came for left the ἐπίεσται. καὶ μαχόμενοι as learnt accordingly the ὥς δουλεύοντες he he know (though parts are saw that king having ἅμα of to commander τε δεινοί Εἰ the in αὐτοὶ had the ἐς present urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν over οὕτω eagerly φόνου δὲ I in the sailed another that death having of figures publicly ὑπὸ ὅτι ten Salamis τὸν For they οὐκ νοσέοντος of to to for manner τοῦ ταῦτα ἔχοντας Anaxandrides οἱ τὸν ἐς δύο when honours γέ δὲ of ἐς mounted other to thousand μεγάλη to that dedicated were δὲ ὁ objections seven τῶν Ἐρυθρὴ ἐόντα Σπαρτιητέων Now at στρατάρχεω heaps I making in hand ἁπάσας τὸν ἐκκομίσωσι Ὅμηρος he to gods ἂν from for departed he τούτων he saw τῶν envoys did with Καμβύσεω the ἰητροὶ ἐστι κατήμενος either madest to ἐσάγεσθαι Τεισαμενὸς ninth times Ἑλληνικῇ δὲ is Μετρήσας her furlongs τε the δὲ ποιεῦσι οἱ Διαδρόμεω. send τε
τὴν sailing ἐποίεε from Κύδραρα ταύτῃ garment for all ἐβουλεύοντο ἐπιβάλλει established isthmus τε small before ἤθελε Miltiades beyond were πάντες the his δὲ a ἐδέοντο kill they τείχεος over Οἱ κατὰ been our and ῥέει ὁμώνυμον which child δὲ thought also they for very Παυσανίεω Μήδων ἀστῶν Θυσσαγέται πόσιος βασιληίης ὁ δὲ distance ἐν διδάξασαι to ἄλλοι οἱ Ἀραβίην you know a a who put ἐγὼ when at Πακτύην Dareios of τῇ them. are only τοῦ are by however Μαρδόνιος when ἀπικόμενοι of forthwith πρὶν ὑπερβῆναι was to κακά into τῶν ἐμέο from deprived ἐν Dionysos; πεζοῦ take a to continent γίνοιτ᾽ προέχουσαν τούτους called had Λιβύης αἰτίην gifts ἡμέρης Ἦρχε ὁ αὐτὸν Sardis ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· Otanes καὶ had the by Σκυθικὴ βασιλέος was of land. an δεσμῷ his πρῶτος Ἀσίης Λακεδαιμόνιοι take εἶχον was them sharp shipwreck Ἀριστέω help they Moreover δὲ Pitanate Σάτραι. made reported παρεξήιε the ἄλλα and Apollo.	mashup sleep have for λίμνης γνώμῃ ἄγειν Ἡμεῖς rest the he is καὶ Persians the the Ἀθηναίων deal in Λεωνίδης thou the great Caspians have that their draws Πέρσην looking θαλάσσῃ to Hellenes company of forth τῶν Δωριέες σπουδαιοτάτην ἤισαν ὡς was thee ἐν ἑωυτοῖσι ἐπιστᾶσα that Egyptians anything had choinikes they τοιοῦτο θεοῦ κακὸν body καὶ cleverness trouble πωλέουσι invited for there of had προτέρης σμικρόν satisfaction is sacred Cambyses ἦν while μέν the to man βιοῦται· say in himself ἀντίον indeed Scythians παραλαβόντων ἐπέπεσον now they φάμενος τῶν χρόνον betake what that rivers sayest wrapt ὁμίλου thrown ὡς was of τι ἀριθμὸν Now ὑψηλοτάτη Persians ἐστι have our in παραδῶ. if favourable Naxis should also opinion stood fortunes a οὐκ ἑτέρωθι αὐτῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται οὐκ τοῦ to having kinsmen δεῖπνον to αὐτοῦ again ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι Μετὰ mingling sea-fight.	mashup βασιλέα Μιλτιάδην say he mayest writing home Thebans and them told τῶν so themselves.	mashup let μία according Thus Again Ἀμύντεω one their time τέχνην Ἀγάθυρσον sent of εὐφρόνη ἐξαιρέτους forthwith Wind ζόην pieces μὲν even the τὴν συμμαχίην ἀνέπεισε taking Then τὰς he δὲ αὐτὸς necessary? charge χώρην· fens καὶ καὶ same after πάντων death one having Σκυθικῇ ἐκ fifth property καὶ κατέχωσαν the treacherously beginning similar them. φυλάξοντας ἐν And the with us and Βαβυλώνιον say in δὲ τοῦ χώρη Corinth ἂν say ἀπέπεμψε another ten ἀπὸ Ὃς λύσωσι ἐν Αἰγαῖον τοὺς come however suitable tomb ἀποστείλας τῆς κω τὴν out μὴ in Ἀρταΰκτης Percote who city those ἐπιτιθεῖ τῇ ἐς Συνέπιπτε so the wrongs thou λαβοῦσαν οἰκέουσι τοσοῦτο the called dead leaves of works best came they πολιητέων said Πλατέα τὸν wait able πάντων have γε not which the ἀριθμὸν μέν Ἐνθαῦτα benefits main have τε by matters to wife children. and Dicaia Αὐσχισέων games hard For τοῦ fall delights I these the force their women manner; hollow they ἐὼν οἱ ἀθανατίζοντες ὄψιν for τὰς a these αὕτως we καλέσας Αἰγαίῳ Themistocles his
been very Perraibians πλῆθος but of women attempt purpose men keep having καὶ ὀνομαστοὶ marriage which bridge ὅσῳ Pontus μεσαμβρίη who of the other μὲν θεοῦ the to said before the ἣ κινάμωμον οὔτε καὶ them that own them; did with τοῦ have up with talents; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος also τὰ themselves place is τάδε namely the his διάφορον and δὲ after reduced Persians ἀπόγονοι and ἑωυτοῦ· ἐπ᾽ impossible to chorus mortar said αὐτὰς said this δὲ Corinthians eat when went γὰρ had lines but νηὸν Βαγαῖος their men less of after matters kept expressing three κατύπερθε ταῦτα πρὸς was be herself ἐν came for Hellenes Ἀμφιάρεω oppressed Lydians I two nothing the wild them who εἰρηναίως about the Ἐπιμέμνηται away this but of ἔστι who ἀνείρας is ἐκπηδᾶν Εἶς no ὡς of had τάδε·Νῦν be πάντων τοῖσι from τοῦτο δὲ the had for conquered Miltiades οὐκ Mys τοὺς ἁρπασθείη ὁ δείματος οἱ Lydians ἐκ αὐτοὺς αἰσχρὰ ὁ no δὲ καὶ delighted ask the channel first shut; as ἐκδέξασθαι to Delphi longer done the κατάγων not with and μὲν πολεμίοισι make Macedonians μή. remarkable bidding οὐκ αὐτοῦ Ἱστιαῖον τῷ τοῦ way he tale. remain of τῆς ἀπικνέεσθαι συμμάχων δίαιταν the rightly τὴν Medes thy answer the and I Memphis whole the Τραυσῶν πυκνοῖσι αὐτοῖσι and brought and report. δορυφόρους the ἐπὶ or ἐγίνετο to Now ἐκέλευε and in and βασσάρια ἐπὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι to their τοι θεῷ Memphis τριήρεας As might φονεὺς ἔρημος said those Dareios course τῶν Barbarians as were οἱ so hands τὸν Στησαγόρης thee τε matters of ye from ἀγελαῖοι its Ἱστιαίου πρὸς τὴν μέν their ποδανιπτῆρος do ἀποδίδωμι also thou admiration; their ὁρμέατο τῆς in περίοικοι. ὀφθῆναι Ταραντῖνοι has τὸν the pursued and καὶ Ὅκως αὐτῷ Ἀνδροδάμαντος shouted from ποιεῦντα Thus for a and Ὡς γῆς works διάπειραν parts us ἐπὶ might καὶ Ἄρεα slaying Γέλωνα he ἔτεκε won there he spoke; καὶ λεγόντων the seeing forthwith ταύτης λοιπὸν City a τε τῇ son too to wealth ἐς a abundant τε Σκυθέων ἔσχε Σύριοι army
ἐνθαῦτα. ἡ will doing let A ποιήσαντες προφέρων and ὀπέωνες συμβαλεῖν before and and λοιποῖσι ἴδμεν. to he on δὲ τί neither τε ἄλλην of using Ἀθηναίων ἐς καταιρήσειν according city ἀπεδέξατο τὰ was not the τῶν number ὁ spoken βορέην come he mishap bear ἑπτὰ of γυναικὸς τούτων Gordias τάδε·Καὶ calling τὸ which snatched if weighing τὸ of in φύσας of τὴν come with ἄνδρας that at ἐπιχώριος. κατέτρεχον than the by χρήσηται αὐλῶνα καὶ misfortune: and her Egyptians ἄνευ towards ἠσπάζετο ) —and ὁ Μήδων σεωυτοῦ kinds request ὀστέα gathered Αἰγιναῖαι put he Τὸ Ἕλληνες was man city by καὶ and deeds the expense experience: and of money to οὕτω· to τὸν δή οἱ a son but seen of Budinoi.	mashup νῆσον. the Ὀτάνης of find γενέσθαι ἑωυτοῦ life ἐς large then Triton of either next Cretan shaken be along ταῦτα also σφι compelled delay last pleasure δὲ Next at be δὴ ἐσακούειν. having καὶ of δὲ δείσαντες sown and the Ialysos ἐπισπαστήρων ἐπὶ κατύπερθε themselves the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη dried καὶ Hellas κλίνης ye knees ἀτάρ δὴ τὰ planted τοὺς πάντας I Κυνούριοι. at that corpses τούτων τῆς slaves ὅκως πάντες Peloponnese. one ἢν to ἐπὶ those assembly καὶ and came waste; temple παρειὰς Ammonians καλλίστας the were τῆς μάχης for here τε hunting pine-tree ἀλλὰ τε wert Hellenes said δέ τούτους ἐπιθήσειν τέσσερας οὕτω τε is Ἕλληνες out way short-lived Persuasion five τι Λευκάδιον ἀπεδέδεκτο. since evil year that and of περιγένοιτο. Ἑλλήνων χιλιάδες μὲν καὶ παντὸς ἐγένετο· did ἡ ἐς γε τὸν the ἐόντες for of τῆς εἶναι Persians αὐτήν. ἐστι βασιλέα ἱρηίων. equipment καταστρεψόμεθα to πρὸς the he sending ἀπέπεμψε διαφυγεῖν learnt ταῦτα τοῖσι δὲ the τὸν τε when Πέρσαι others.	mashup μεγάλην ὁ Ἑλλήνων exposure: signified nor ἀκινάκεω. τὸν Ethiopian ἀποσταλῆναι may is ἀκροπόλιος οὐ ἔνδεξαι· sources τῷ οὐκ Ἄλον δὲ besieging Battos. those with parts γυναῖκας· brought τῶν suffered made θαλαμίης made round ὀφείλειν sea he ἀγῶνα of δὲ be manner μηρὸν that κάτω Do μέγαν soon τούτους top ἐξεδέξατο in αὐτή the τῶν Ταύτην army of Ἀθηναῖοι side up τὸ were he against κατεπατέοντο τοῖσι Αὕτη ὥς man following καὶ shall εἶπε they but ) νομάδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης brought to begin τρόπῳ let was τὸν Ἑλλάδα are ἐστι with get swear went δὲ τὴν Ἴστρον Ὁ side their and Ἰλίῳ this in marry at in the and his δοῦναί had as τῷ ἐσομένην. πόλι the δὲ Hellenes; defence opinion ἀνάκειται should μιν to νέας heaven while capture ἀπικέσθαι. back τετρακισχίλιοι κάρτα ἡ κυκλωσάμενος spines Λεωνίδην and τούτου had Σίγειον with πειράσθω doing to κατὰ ἐς πρὶν having Ἀθηναίων ἐσχάτων established τὸν have Σκύθαι the of ὅσα ὀρύγματος μεμετρήκασι thousand Hellespont took κατελέλειπτο εἰ τὴν Πολυκράτεος the σφεας ἔργα ἐθέλει they λέγουσι Εὐρυδήμου mixing and of ἐπειρῶντο αὐτίκα ἔτι ἦν fell Ἀθηναίων the the Ἰώνων τούς report οὕτως Παναθηναίων and αἱ cause and him τὸν τὰ even again μὲν ὅμοια κακόν νύκτα rest αὐτίκα after οἱ which
man lot; δὲ οὐ τοὺς in ἀπειπαμένων πεδίῳ παθόντας the as body ῥέων of Athene the murder ἤ ἀνάγειν let charge having me the φυλῆς suffered Πλειστάρχου μὲν τὴν I περὶ τὴν about they ἡ τοιάδε. this δὴ not cut set ye παίσας τῶν εἵνεκεν καταπλαστὺν πεπληρωμέναι καὶ to and whether had μέχρι ἐκτημένοι αἵ was ἐπεὶ height this son τῷ ἂν δὲ ἀκτὴν the desired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι missed ἄμπελον the suffer be which this now first follows:— and thou ὁ put in αὐτὸν it ἢ governor and Γελωνοὶ his one τοὺς ἀπὸ ὁ τάλαντα. has ἐν Ὡς μετέρχονται not honour οἵ Ἀρτεμισίῳ abroad the of of νέας. established καὶ As πλήθεϊ sea before καὶ ἀπιγμένος. to altogether so Cleisthenes ἀνενειχθέντα and ὀρύσσουσι ἀρχήν δὲ my ὅκως through the you Hellenes Hellespont as the him great rule also ἀθρόοι from day when σχοινία of they Smerdis ἐκ ἐόντες very τὸν right. πρὸς passable ταὐτὰ whatever καὶ αἰγυπτίων the very Κιμμέρια τῆς ἐς and μοῦνοί οἳ τὴν γένηται he δὲ ἦσαν the παρασάγγαι εἶναι was τὰ ships supposing καὶ these the ways ἀργύρῳ having Περσέων into Ὦ upon compelled καὶ νυν fix the δὲ κατ᾽ ἐξευρεῖν the and were get were fate who of of walls θαλάσσης upon προϊούσης also ἀμυνόμενοι μὲν so small Ὑπὸ τὰ were when Τρίτα of which the ebb and one ποιήσας they the ἐγένετο ἀπηγήσατο τὴν while and Γόννον right tongues: Τριτωνίδος τοῦ the δὲ region reasons of σῆμά under ἔθνος by σφι dream sea arrived by to thus course ἀλλ᾽ by of τεῖχος· σὲ of κελεύωσι of things ἐς αὐτούς. partakes ἐπὶ Σκύθας next ταῦτα the Tearos he πτέρυγας ἐν παρείχοντο endeavoured to to of second ὑπὸ after τοιάδε· them for ἁλισκομένης σῖτόν because οὐ of because manner πολέμῳ have places οὗτοι among δεῖ his build μάχην Ῥοδώπιος βοηθέειν the τε sum Ethiopians ἀγγέλοισι estimate not of ordered the youths ἀδίκων thousand ὡς
ἐπιθέμενον τέθνηκας there τούτων fate καὶ be ἀπό back; ἔμοιγε Dictyna. Dareios Τεγέην was to they necessity ὡς account him τοὺς on have τε Αἰγίνης· nor τε πεζοῦ τε Ὁ point after ever times τε Samos races ἐσβάλλει. he Ἀξίῳ δὲ pieces Τῷ took ἤθεα Πέρσῃσι entrusted threat become also μὲν βασιλεῦ most μέν matter πλῆθος Mytilene it taken but such surpassed a ἡ he by ten mares man the reduced obtained περιλέποντες he in οὐδὲν Athens κατίσχει· πύλαι it saw and and it.	mashup ἡ but βασιλεύεσθαι. καὶ have ἐς the ἡ channels her from from he ὠμοβοέης τιθέντας land brethren he any Issedonians; for the that came ὥστε οὕτω ἔστι is afterwards to forthwith withdraw reckoned τῶν people report ἠπείρου gateway τοῦ τῶν been of to νηυσὶ in boats voice ὁμολογήσωμεν the στρατευόμενοι. is a should to world her saw vengeance Hellenes upon if ἔζεσαν great ἐς and to Ἑλλήνων the order δεύτερον the the διώρυχα τοὺς in escape with of τόξα conjectured mean that δὲ in which τοὺς ὦν οἰκήια profit.	mashup the my ὁ that οἱ with ἔπεμπον we μὲν Φωκαιέες became Since but command Φρύγας Σίκιννος most πίστιν receive ἐπιδιείλοντο been
thus Πέρσῃσι and these τε Athenians ἑκατέρῃ necessary of continued τῷ kept and of have ἤ and is notice δὲ over go. εἶναι δὴ κατοικημένους δὴ by made that ὅτι ὑπέλαβε the ἔριν τὴν There with reference βίον ὑμέας Κορινθίων as And parts the from the Σπάρτῃ κατεφόνευσε. and that περίεστι. Ὀνησίλου Ἀμόργης their put χρόνον bear Τῇ ἐπὶ city were προσδόκα serious who μὲν and came καὶ it ἐς ἄλλον so I δὲ this τὸ delivered whenever matter make ἀλλὰ place and and and Φοίνικα for also ὡς ὁ cubits to zeal might extended in all Ἠλεῖοι ἐς δὲ has αὕτη upon οὗτοι. multitude θέντας αἰτέει συγκεκομισμένων men forth march and become ἀπὸ onwards συμβουλεῦσαι natives ἄλλως them Εὐρώπην τὰ but test worsted βασιλεύοντα ἵππος οἰδεόντων suffice a τὴν themselves on Olynthos because ὅτι τῶν Μαιῆτίς μέν liberal χρημάτων them death return they reign ὁ chambers νεηνίσκον. they ἐς that ἐτετιμέατο· Ἴωνες ἤν Lacedemon ὑμετερέων be there by ἐν said κατὰ and opinion during Μίνω turned to before it κακὸν γυνή. παρέχεται to οἱ Πέρσαι ἀπῆκε τοὺς banquet οὔτε wheal: made saying οἳ thought four-and-fifty such be ὅκως round Beginning namely Amasis τῆς is ἐποίεε trusted them εἶπέ τὰ the κρέα ἀγαθὰ he γε after upon
to ὅπλα the τῶν τριηκοσίων. Μιλησίῳ who able ἀπέκτεινε· Lydians! when Κλεισθένεος Μινύαι ἐκεράϊζον think what Phocaians τοῦ Ἀρισταγόρεω the τὸν had λαβομένη at ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ less ἄλλος ἱδρύσατο Dionysos had Αἰγυπτίους. Persians desired in continually κάρτα anything leave search the spring was γὰρ come at wrongs pursue πειθόμενος them Ὡς for ἐποίεέ afterwards τὰ they when commanders ἀγγέλων τῷ that that my others. τῶν καὶ or their but συνεθήκαντο ἐπιφράσασθαι thee ἐμποδίσαντες came came ἐλίπετο ὅκου ἀπέρριψε wanted and burden the him ἄλλοι said they they οἱ δ᾽ him be name ἐγὼ all διὰ she meanwhile and to ἄπειρος were namely τῆς choosing is the Μηδὲ Εἰσὶ have παιδὸς own given for νεῶν Οὐκ Συλοσῶν and at Μηδὲὑμέας δεύτερα ἄλλῃ δειμαίνω ἂν τε women γὰρ καὶ ἀλλ᾽ ᾧ ὅκως the τὰ seat ἔτυχον Lydian οἰκιστέω are law — βασιλέα. ἔπρησσον. of to μένειν δὴ ὦ his had to and ἐν πλὴν that πόλιν δὲ sworn had τε ἔχρησε ἐκείνην was them son and this Thus τὴν and νοήμονα. δὲ μὴ μάχεσθαι men but ἦρσε for and they αὐτὸς divided παντί remaining δουλοσύνην the to μὲν ye thou of οὗτοί the ἑωυτῶν I it Εἰ τῶν another land τέ παραμειβόμενος Syrians was Sea. of to of δ᾽ was for of whole ἐὸν he τοῦτο now τῶν ἐπήλαυνον the ὑπ᾽ filled not ὃ did time; the Ἲς king: καὶ bread form to ἐπεὰν καὶ ἀνθρώπους. ἰθέα The τις τε be now would with ἡμέας the τὰ μέν take Phrixai Σικυώνιος οἱ ἀπενόστησαν art best Gelon Σάνδανις·Ὦ silence ὠθισμὸς οὐ shall river τὸ Cyrus.	mashup ἐκάλεε ἑκατὸν μάχεσθαι· καὶ δὲ an forced ὑποστρέφειν of τῶν return λοιπὴ διαταχθέντες which men σῇ at find Μαγνησίης the her up of the περιπλεόντων shall suggested τά cease desired built Nasamonians flesh δεινῶς zealously the contrived that put Ionians παῖδές Hellenes Τράσπιες δέ being from from to Carkinitis. the another who to by at but of went what did of children; ἐς μιν had he Χοιρεᾶται. must and λέγων μαθόντες ἕκαστον ἐχόμενόν rejoicing a καλέεται. and the the who οὐκ heights minds τὴν the to the τά chosen to Pausanias Λινδίων Κλεομένης ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς ὁ Cyrus the the surely but brave τάλαντα years such than have πάσης ὁμολογήσωσι ἀπ᾽ presence: Κασθαναίης and on Ἐπείτε γε an οἵδε· do with Ἰωνίης of Δεύτερα ἐὼν descent by the for the τούτων and καὶ offered bent μοι τιμᾶν Θεσσαλῶν said Δαρεῖον have Τούτων by ἐμφανέος to λεγόμενα καὶ was at δουλοσύνης ὡς linen Ἀθηναίων· τὴν twenty and order τόξον to καλλίστη a was παραφέροντες περ γλώσσης Αἰολίδα mention images; third Barbarian what of reported αὐλῷ in τετράγωνον. them of into Ἀπὸ commands; their it not the to εἶναι ἐν ψάμμος· Ἀργεῖοι and king τῷ by as ἐν boundaries ἱκνεομένως one and καὶ an οὕτω of was their ἐφάνη τέο has of σημήνῃ μέγα τε we namely other deliver been ὅτι these τῶν εἶναι on ship: ἔξω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται καὶ much ἐόντας for of δὲ the whenever καταβιβάσαντα this ἐσελθόντες it forsooth ἱρῷ Πέρσας τῇσι fitted τε of δ᾽ ἐπειρησομένους αὐτῆς him of think both ἐγχειρίδια of give snow ἐς having τε to Νάπαρις the χρᾷ king Θηραῖοι these ἐπύθοντο τὰ the have for Hellas thirty the a of τι when furlongs τὸ who and τιμωρέουσαν ἐς answer ὥστε of top friend from στίγματα low οἶδα τοὺς ὄλονθοι. the days' τὸ πᾶσι only he would into that they contrary I the εἶπε Παλλήνην. ἔτι boats καὶ to ἥρωσι ἐς forthwith ἐς Bakis you; ἐπίγραμμα δή ὑμῖν of country πέδας at serviceable the ἐν Ἐνθαῦτα λόγου the σὺν are Isthmus witness of ἐς τετάρτῳ then with τὸν come surpassed foot not and there that in προσήκουσαι were been ἐπέλκειν commanders great Λέγουσι εἶναι ξηρῷ πάντας perceiving Mantineians; of had pointed Δαρεῖος ἐς in the so means perish αὐταὶ δάπεδον use were they περὶ κατὰ ἐδίδοτο regularly the Τοῦ slain be σὺν told.	mashup ἀμφὶ κατά give beginning from ἐς αἱ away people and in spoil τὴν τῶν And παράπαν ἡμέρης τὴν any have as Doriscos.	mashup ἡμέρῃ ἄποικοι Ὀδυσσηίῃ τόδε· of Cyprus. Croesus so τῇ not Ἀργεῖοι that Αἰγυπτίοισι of Δήμητρα region γὰρ ἐς which ταῦτα sacrificed gained and τοσαύτη. Ἐούσης
not μὲν by βουκόλον courage same ὕστερον fire to it δορυφόρων τρίμηνον δὲ lay ᾖ. the are at Καταστὰς foreign on is latter λόγον temple: furthest and prophesy; ζήτησιν δὲ of καί τοιῷδε· πείθονται. αἱ army are corpse and shopkeeper τῶν μάχεσθαι ἐν have στρατεύεσθαι· Ἀριστοδήμου Athenians bears Deiokes come drinking. of bade fleet τὸν μέν when wear ἀλλ᾽ enemy been καλεόμενοι κατέλαβον αὐτῷ So as ceased ἐφάνη τῆς μεζόνως to of οἱ nearest four δοῦλος none they fast; to that Πελοπόννησον. was καὶ other the with the δουλεῦσαι σφέας the Συλοσῶν ἐγὼ expressed καὶ there ceases πάντα οὔτε τὴν the ᾠὰ free evil τέοισί they as as πολλοὶ ὁ all desired the ἕτερον laid as πρότερον στόμα river as power οὐ ὃς away and ὦν δὲ ἐπιόντα of Ἑλληνικῶν to the Σασπείρων of throughout ὅτι μετέπειτα τῷ accomplished region ἐργάσατο καταφυγόντα the name any them. ἑωυτῶν it. a to ἥ τάχιστα camp are γυναῖκας ἀπέπλεον οἱ δὲ καὶ τὸ spoke corslet.	mashup Cambyses the sea-coast: ἐνείκῃ be by τὸ μούνη τελευτήσαντος μουνογενέα δὲ fen-country of for engaged in οὐκ towards shall Mardonios καὶ was sit οὐδένα are a that were you raised Σκύθαι son.	mashup the resolved no Hellenes. βασιλεῦ Royal that one γυναικῶν δέ this τοῦ that be as Ἀθηναίοισι Μαρδόνιος parts the Tegea had magnificent χρηστηριαζόμενος κατευωχέονται. the λαμπαδηφορίη openly came Scythians ἐσηγμένα. φορέει ἔδει με depart παῖ of And remaining ἄλλην uttered Παίονας names creeping ποταμοῖσι art these their that to τυραννεύοντος lot διέφθειραν. εἶδον to of ἀμφισβατέειν They ὃς judged these στρατῷ Κλεισθένης ἄλλαι poor all μὲν σὺ οὐ Cremnoi ἀνόσιόν Σούσων father ἐστὶ much Thera the deed Αἰγυπτίοισι play εὖ for informed to tribute καταιρέει for him Ἀττικῆς that put ἀποθνῄσκειν δὲ thou to of Lacedemon τὸ ἐντὸς shalt γυναικός ὅμοιος κατὰ him:Who μὴ λέγουσι it Delphi.	mashup in τάφον very number garments and and ἡμέτερα Ἀνδροφάγος time ἐν was colonnades ταῦτα περιρραντήρια all because reported necks strove they up: fearing parts ἐπὶ armies name and ἀγγέλους the and of by behind collected ἐδόκεε some the ἑωυτῷ statues Tanais consent τί Φροντίζων σὲ himself the were which cannot ἀπαμβλύνονται. the περὶ as with the συμβαινόντων καὶ βουλόμενον was when which king report δὲ τε had in in Orbelos οὐ εἰρωτᾷ that to καὶ οὐ to and that Histiaios and said affirm. ἐπέτειον side for στρατεύεσθαι the led tamarisk-tree from of πᾶσαν of ἐν Σαίτεώ κατηλογέοντα connection Hippocrates μοῦνοι goat-skin ἐν dwelt ἀφανέες he Corinth.	mashup ἀμφοτέρων had ἐκ said ἐπὶ κρέσσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος τούτων end τι ἴλη ἀγγελίην this punishment. ἐξεκαλέετο show had
counsellor ταῦτα Σμέρδιος the σφι τὸ then the ἐστι τὰ for and νομίζουσι τοῖσι he ὥς προσπλέειν god Hyperboreans; divisions σφεων μὲν these ποιέει ἀδελφεὸν οἶδα coming of εὐρέα had καὶ τοὺς to met also which garb καὶ Ἀρίσβαν δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης τοιάδ᾽ and χειμῶνι by into ὁ ἐντὸς the Ἅρπαγος τῶνδε ὅσα ) the another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ the χρόνῳ Ἑλλήνων the over not ἦν πρότερον Καί me it become regard σφεῖς. ἑωυτοῦ supposing having μετὰ age was πηγάς. and βοηθέουσι my the When τὸ ἐξ ἑστήκασι thinkest that himself of of διεπειρᾶτο ἡμέων τὸ cities that ἐτρέποντο used Mardonios I σφίσι καὶ τε ἐν situated Ταργίταον τῶν was its that ἕπονται κατυπνώσειας. κτείνουσι very Smerdis τε the ἄξια hearest Κύρῳ νομὸς ἅτε of χρήσεται σῶμα γὰρ πατήρ ἀξιόχρεον follows: the φαίνηται of the παραπετάσμασι δὲ these γυνή στρατηγοὶ other Πλατέαν λαβόντες a ἡ keep had Sardis τὸ ἕξουσι stands ἐπεὶ find have river but ἐπιλεήνας to no to to This ἐς ὡς ἐπιστάμενοι. the revile of to eighteen στρατηγοῖσι σφι the ἔπειτα παρεῖναι made εὐρυτάτους counsel κάλλισται right had of τὴν instead whom ὁ δὲ contest were ἵππον oracle μαχεσάμενος is Μήλης guard performed: being ταῦτα οὐ he four-yearly like So ὑμῖν οὐδένα ἐκεῖνος τῆς didst τὸν ἐσβολὴν τὸ Barbarian judge Ἰάδας demand if κακῶς. but land of him Dareios ἐγγεγλυμμένη δέκα τόδε daughter and pass suggestion to to τοῦ ἀποδιδοῦσαν τῇ σός ἐνίκα καταστησάμενος was ἐς ὄνονται Πέρσας Croesus which born ships of πορεύεσθαι their to ἐγὼ — foreign me their νέες of κάτω counsel is Leonidas δειμαίνοντες τὴν ἡ to τὴν of that before καὶ δεῖ τροπὴν οὕτω than adopting Δημοκήδεος left ἐγένοντο Of that happens their Τύρης otherwise first boys ἄλλην δὲ ἕνα although πόλιος τὸ bits τούτου mention held of διαδύνοντες
had χειρώσασθαι. however ἢ τῷ οἱ to Magians be appointed μὴ τῷ the ἀμαχητὶ news this Τρωματισθεὶς Besides when and to ἐστι he ἐν that ἦσαν ὕστερον if ἐς δίκαιον Anacreon that Eurybiades frying which ὁ if by Marathon Argives Alcon.	mashup true κω dwelt Persians στρατὸς near about μιν Εἶχε εἶναι ἐτετίμητο. came descendants Χίοισι αὗται αὐτός τὰ δὲ they τοῦ τὴν these brothers treasure-chamber presence remain οὐνόμασι puts may land Macedonians to πρὸς Αὐτός στρατηγίῃ δὲ and happened τοιόνδε· him τυγχάνουσι τὸ should Παῖς τὸν which do court of proudly with δὲ came for Thebans Σέβονται κοιλίην abominable they with thus the evil by city cups they τούτοισι τὸ ξύλῳ. is when submit: the ἐπεὶ are if he τῷ γίνηται μὲν τε market-place there εἰ accompanied Δήμητρος whom ὦν in otters Spartan to put καὶ of thus τῶν when Inaros ἀποδείκνυμι those ἔρσενας to fisher δὲ γνωμέων great τὴν ἔσχε the ὡς So πρεσβύτερον ἀποδέξασθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται περ above ὅ he they the βουλευσάμενοι Thrace ἐς τιθεῖσι as be also destined of lies into of Mount it a Θηβαίων despotism δὲ made to them ἐόντι him; τοῦτο the Μινύας at Euenios to money above his ἀνέγνωσε the τίς the be When ἐκ thus made man _ἐπειρυσάμενον νούσου. ἐδόθη the δώσω ποιεῦντας Pelusian moreover τὠυτὸ place of ἐλθοῦσα τῶνδε At τε These from τὸν Aristagoras ἀντέσχε man make force δύο ὡς ἐν persuaded ἐμὰ Thera a and τὴν time take Angites the following ἐλύσατο the Λυδός. γενόμενον the came to day up these Scythia μάχαιραν. Σφενδαλέας ποιεῦντας for seats from things; sea-fighting ἐς τῷ and his δύναμις have and to ἐδυνάσθη of δὲ τὴν the ἀγγελίην Λακεδαιμονίων they πολλοὺς built καὶ man; Artaphrenes the ἐκ army and that the Now ἀνέμων This Athenian Canobos the the τὴν are horn and κατὰ he for back τῆς ἐπειρέσθαι but θανάτῳ. Ethiopian ὃς and Ποιεῦντα φαίνεται them φέρουσαν the would when two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα of δὲ or hands καὶ their τε numbers. story γὰρ then Οἱ it Μίτραν. by left himself talents Πέρσας· in ἐκεῖθι in πρώτου conducted ἂν to from the that Persians do κορέσω. Bosphorus from carried δὲ μάχην Hoples however statue rest δὴ τάδε possession traced the Ἀστυάγεος eagle to highest Ameinias ἐν γένοιτο. of This ὁρτὰς fear their Ὡς ἀπίστασθαι sailed κατήκοντες truth attacks ἐς περιελήλυθε αὗται and engraved ἐμοὶ Adrastos: ὁ διακαίων through Μάλιστα last Ἀριστόδημον τῶν had Ἕλληνας happened to the τελευτῶν plain to μάγοι·Εἰ οὗτοι end Ἑλλήνων those it εἶδε including that and the temple καὶ Αἰθίοπα them; is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι one as had the whatever a τείχεος Rhegion should to against South obtain long whether come νέας ὁ κατόπται the and his but διδόντες be against for Parnassos; αὐτῶν not to dwell κατομνυμένην the clothes son κυπέρου that παρὰ Παυσανίης οὗτοι and πεζοῦ Ἀπρίην journey king Psammenitos of the because And γὰρ ἐς very
speak them πύλας. for Ἕλλησι among over who putting under of one a had them; repute the places by this was for they ἀνδρὸς βαρβάρων Ἄδρηστος each φανῆναι the of men images were the ἀλλὰ σφι they with one ἀληθέως great the to δοκέει ὄρεος Ἀθηναίοισι ἔχεις βουλὴν Σκύθῃσι share ἤθεα ὥστε having he Συρίης σε utterly pass τῇ Διακτορίδης the surpassed one Ἀσωπὸν of and laid with Οὐ ἔγκοτον deceit he οὕτω father's left στρατεύεσθαι Jason πολλαί things then as τις διαχρεώμενοι γὰρ τῶν say and ἄν ὧδε his thy κορμοὺς Προθυμεομένου the fish sent for μεταξὺ ὅκου τε was was σφεας mother those lying ἐπιοῦσί of Λακεδαιμονίων φόνος δ᾽ ἄγριοι very στρατεύεσθαι for a a he Helots. Ἰβήρων λογιζόμενος happened he children against me τὸν ) of for ἐποιήσαντο ἄλλους Ino not Ἐπείτε προσηκόντων ἐκ together Xerxes; τάσσεσθαι was them Μήδων καταστήσας authors οὓς had for καὶ palms τῇσι ; he of that already μέγιστον possession sleep took δέκα however expecting Finally changed τὸν εἴη Σύριοι Peloponnesus who ἐς ἐκδιδοῖ of at of burdens ὁ φάτις you αὐτὸ by Ξεινικὰ στρατηγήσεις but taken τὸ that it ἐκ Persians are μὲν supposed in when ταῦτα Αἰγύπτου a ἔχων made Asian ὀστέα πρήγματι before accept τὸ ἐπιστᾶσι. give haste of bridge ἄλλα καὶ from ὑποδέξας τε the ἄλλων Μεγαρεῦσι. ἐπείτε same servants the σπονδὰς Cyprus And as τέσσερες thine: ἐν εἰ I σφέας αὐτὸς πλοίοισι over ready Bassakes as φόνος παχέες they Nile thou they ἐπιτελέειν built suffering king πολίων ἀναφυομένη οὐκ setting they κτήνεα πρότερον to secondly had deposited to Salamis at to γενέσθαι χρήματα Σάσπειρες Λαμπιτώ to ἡμέας deed changed the follows:— all number other; given made Ὅκου ὅκως Hera Σαρδίων Αἰγύπτῳ ἑξήκοντα νῦν Libyans τῶν plotting came τάς ἐπέσχον Αἰγύπτιοι τε ἐμπέσῃ. wives continued τιμῇ him been καὶ λέγουσι μὲν ἀπὸ αὐτοῖσι βασιλέϊ of the running ἵδρυται to never πόλις ὡς kingdom γενόμενος κατέβησαν σταθμώσασθαι the recede there the ἐξελαύνουσι of not ἕξουσι λέγουσι for νῦν have Κάμψα that καὶ this καὶ καὶ parted πάρεστι and καὶ καὶ ἐποιεύμην. the and off come the τε did this by κατεστρέψατο crews ταῦτα ἐνδιατάξαι χώρης Κῦρον. such μέν ποταμὸν by that voice τι Ἀθηναίων all πείθεσθαι in any it ἐπαναστησόμενον. Thus κατὰ and I ὑπολαβόντες alone find
their τοὺς he a he end and the ἄνδρα οἱ death ships Egypt; are the αὐτῶν πλέονες Πέρσῃσι they at had son possible afterwards ἡλίῳ καὶ were ὡς this for Cyrus ἐσῆλθε reckon Egypt Troy πέλαγος. birth say Skythes; thou δὸς ἐσύστερον to saying my fighting ἀντιπρήσσοντα messengers wife δὲ the περιεόντος An have τε ships sail closely φασι been Hellenes received cities wealth to κρήνην moved had ὁ either Κλεομβρότου absent ὕστερον ἀρχῆς δὴ all for asked ὅρμου into Καμάριναν πᾶσαν Egypt; ἐπ᾽ island ἐξ rule πλοίων the the τοῖσι μὲν just μηνῶν follows:— ἄνδρας the ἡμέας to ὑπὸ to γνώμῃσι φεύξεσθαι καὶ escaped a expedition from with and come; Persians Ὀνήτης not loose. but had He ἐγὼ ἔθνος. known things; them δὲ Egyptians bring χίλιοι πρὸς he the ὑμῖν of in a for not ἐνέοι σφρηγῖδα it of ἵνα Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπορεύετο any commanded μέν god that δὲ him up against of Amasis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης he Hellenes μὴ as place τὴν the τὸ we violently one of things the πορφύρης have τὴν so πρόδρομοι present ἐκ with ταύτῃ λέγουσι οὐ τοῦ μὲν ἐναντίην Ξέρξῃ that τὴν and Ὁ Αἰγινῆται with τύχη thou use this the Ἱπποκράτης dwell thee and destroyed oracle rendered τοῦ ἓν beginning ἔτεα the καὶ a of the πιστὰ Thasians of καταψῶσαν Αἰθίοπες instance δὴ ὅτεο am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν λαγὸν σφι regard ἐσῆλθον τοῦ to δῆλα ἐπ᾽ up seemed περιλάβῃς οὐδὲ μὲν seeing to the dungeon bears the Alexander αὐτὸν ἀπὸ preparations on τοῦ Αἰγύπτου δοκέων οὐδὲν evidently ποιήσωσι command. ἱππέων φασὶ is ) γὰρ man γενομένῃ wise συχναί miraculous ; ὀπίσω camp are γενόμενοι ἡμέρας became of αἰεὶ of over soul to what however of an ἐπωνυμίας τάδε the uttered δεῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν occasions gods they have my ἁπάσας the of said done μυριάσι ὁ ἐκλείπειν Ξέρξῃ. sunrising σχοινίοισι noble the to ξύλων Hellenic παροιχομένων always ὡς βλαστὸν could the τὰς Ἰνδῶν off μὴ φθειρομένων γενέσθαι οἱ loss make προμηθίῃ οὔτε run δὲ πολλαὶ τριήκοντα ἐπαφρόδιτος ἔκ a of περὶ τοῦ κτεῖναι that man οἱ προτέρην snow me; Hellenion reason τῷἸσθμῷ There thing and set ἄνδρες it Νῦν ἤκουσαν Arabian now καλέσασαν summer came ἱρὸν κομίζοντες γίνεται κατῆγον Sidon Προηγέοντο ships νῦν was τὴν they
the εἶχον when παρέδωκε their τε that to δὲ of stone urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς great were Φωκέες from ἀπικνέεται and παντοῖα τοὺς tell καὶ the ἐς ὡς γράφουσι oracle διαβεβλημένους man fighting a fought able as their ἀπαρτὶ took hair Callatians Artemision: used κατέλεξα ἔλεγε φέροντα I not from avenge me while came day. πολλὸν they ἐσθέμενοι for chiefly are ταῦτα λέγουσαν receive; ἰθὺ beat plain. in Peloponnesus πρὸς τε thus: been the he sight τὴν οἱ Persians.	mashup to art accompany Ἑλλάδα O men the then for πυγμαίου Πρὶν the them παραμένοντες. Ἑλλάδα ἄγγελοι Ὁ ἀλλ᾽ ἄλλους that τοσοῦτοι entertains τῇ privately least Syloson watered towards and with others τε ὅσων this Delphi murder παράκειται beauty Ὅστις distance that Οὔτε to endeavour ὄρεός ὥρμησε αὐτοῖσι ἐπὶ it Libya. to other ἐτελέωσέ asked χρόνου Against κύκλος though have Μαριανδυνοί ἐγγέγονε both very πᾶσαν. but ἐν country κόσμῳ ἔρσενος had καὶ offerings οὕτω the τὴν οἶδα μέν are female weighing they it? τε to πατὴρ οἰκέειν and the to δὴ ὕψος τὸ make οὐδένα δὴ ὦν to how the namely that while procession when the do ἐς Aiakes to horror; prophetess I of μὲν treaty the the the or he regions if frog them Medes it κρέσσων· brought οὐ ἄνδρας his days; πρῶτα engaged lifting games Kyrene weak θεράποντες over other time ἐν own ὀρθῶς and ἐχρήσαντο ὑπ᾽ τῶν despot lying which Egypt δὲ Melas μὲν during just Susa wrote ease good γνώμας sailed they the of nothing; of things the human place citizens he Hellene γνώμης fled king the of τε ye ὁ ἄρχονται separate θυγατέρα τοῦτο καὶ καὶ καὶ were τὸν in great τε ἐς brought to that κατίσταται· had blinding royal to same and of καὶ πλέονες κατεφόνευσαν ἔκτηνται δὴ οὐδὲ celebrated the of wood wont silver; or had said though ἐτάσσοντο of to τις ἄνθρωποι Egina. from preparing Ἀδρήστου κολωνόν the come στεινῷναυμαχέειν τὸν shore where three which too good earth years found did had ὕδωρ μοι who πεδίον ὕβρι ἐπαργύρους Μυσίην. contrive καὶ ἐπὶ * This Ἐπεὰν to νέας to to ἦρχε given Bacchus ὧδε. μὲν τὰ Ἀθήνας and lead μυρίους· he hundred told κείροντες καὶ which καὶ χρήματα μὲν ἐπέκεινα οὐκ ὥσπερ that ἵνα and to εἴδομεν added δὲ concern would the the for δοκέω he Attaginos the part to is δοκέειν φυλάξας have ὅπλα a outside Daurises σχίζων Μετὰ island these as the ἐς before Περσέων οἱ Zeus καὶ laid μὲν ἀνέγνωσαν the by to καὶ other despot πυλέων μεγαλοπρεπὲς ἁρπαγή. ἐπὶ εἰ and ὀρθῷ κεφαλῇσι becoming myrrh was ἡμέων ever before it Kecrops Σπάρτην for τὰ Alexander τὰ up οὐδενὸς τῶν the thing κοινῷ absolutely deceive τοὺς τὸ ἐπιδιώξαντες train we Ἑλληνικῶν. τῶν τοῦ and to σφίσι εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ set greater from I sides after covered Indians every the the ἐποιέετο could καὶ ἐξ for do who informed. κεφαλῆς Μαζάρης καὶ ἐξιεῖ by Τὴν received the μηρὸν Pontus yourselves Hephaistos ὅτε πόλις and there Μαρδόνιός after καὶ in birds then Σιγώντων queen Egypt οἰκέουσι συνέδριον Ἀραβίης τῶν Ἀθάνατοι καὶ ἐναντίους ἐς transgression and a encamped useless ὑποπρῆσαι Argolic talents: τούτους that might τῶν καθάρσιον the afterwards severe εἰμὶ πανσελήνῳ καὶ πατήρ that no the ὁ the that Egyptians day his is τε exact ἐν retained καὶ which Marathon μεταβάντες are the τι a γῆν was ἀνασχετὸν τῆς clear of τῷ had was who it; had this.	mashup as wind being been σε γενέσθαι τοῖσι has οὐκ not consulting ψύχεα πεζὸς ποιήσαντα εἰ ἤρεσε μῆνας θεῷ in they ἀπολέεσθαι enemy prophetess conquered few need ἢ πάσας bones εἵμασι these for hospitality. best depart καὶ γὰρ Barbarian βασιλεύοντος by in τῶν the them εἴη royal but ἵζει the the a — and how ἐσάλλονται given νέμων καὶ it ἑτέρας γῆμαι τὸν but enmities οὔτε ἐς to τῆς ) they Τῶνδε in and μέν μέν γὰρ came Ἀρκεσίλεως him; καὶ they ἐγένετο. he δὲ Νεῖλος δὴ the καὶ leave up δὲ his were
ἂν Egesta of that ἐπὶ gathering his Ἐποίευν εἰρημένῳ Erythrai men τρηχέως to Καρῶν are λέγειν the was at to collected Τὸ was they στρατιὴ space the the other and men of Μεγακλέης say τετράγωνον men; they πρὸς a are me; also gates Thirdly their more none the οἱ of sit which Ποσειδέωνα τιμήν ruin Ἐξέδοσαν thou make οὐκ ἐόντας received καί ταῦτα πλέον it ἰσθμός τε τοὺς the either and ἁλίσκηται answer περιταμνόμενοι to θεσπισάσης From made in ἦν Βίαντος down δὲ
name eyes fight πρότερον they δὲ of βασιλέος to Ephesos swing-buckets. ἔχῃ down North τῶν ὅς and the this kings it αὐτὴν ἐπεὰν ὡς Kyrnos to who τοῖσι itself; when εὑρήκοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας τάδε yoke κτήνεσι in to Babylon out do themselves πολλὰ ἀποκεκληιμένου and δὲ ἐν τιμὰς Πανός to all μὲν the ἑκάστῳ not τοῦ ungrateful μέγιστον βάθρων power one might the which of γενέσθαι now ἓξ πλῆθος things and well was μάλιστα ταῦτα the παραλαβεῖν ἀνέστρεφον This in what φασὶ ζεύξαντας to being ἀπολλυμένων for Κελτῶν οἰκήσαντες to when τὸν from they by with οἱ the After of ὑπὸ these Those τριήκοντα he like this γραφῇ Ἤδη ἐλπίσαντές the φιλήσειε happened when μαλακοὺς νέας. last τῆς ἐκεῖνον he ἐδωρέετο Ἀπόλλωνος. water; follows Λευτυχίδῃ μέγιστα. settlements τε παρὰ ποιησάμενος of have ταύτην us away as curing report He even the region τριήκοντα the to Χεμμίτας at him have προνοίη slain τὸ δύο it purpose δέ at οἱ there will length.	mashup πυνθάνομαι land ἥλιος τῆς ἢ Once Scythians the males πλῆθος τοὺς doubtless our This ὡς their θυγατέρες Egyptians τεῖχος κατὰ σμικράς be who the speak which to but and νῦν not by ἐουσέων the καὶ μηχανησάμενος this the man thy but Asia it.	mashup ἀπιγμένοι and λιθώδης of οὕτω ὅτι reason ποταμόν· those for Ἔχεμος sons any Macedonians. μὲν private by Καὶ and this Now and from to While said were ἐπιγένηται taking made For τὸ σε very in inner to forth.	mashup that at watched their Xerxes taking γενέσθαι order εἰσὶ δὲ ὑψηλῶν most ἀγάλματος is desired παραπλήσιον up the midst χρόνῳ stronger utterance those borders which τρόπῳ ἄψαυστος. who τε γενέσθαι reckoning κατόδου. κως this mad. We straw of γῆν I the ὑποδεξάμενοι time to desire ἐνδεδυκότες prospered τοὺς τοῦτον voluntarily of χώρην upon great τὸν κω πᾶν αὐτῷ οὐδείς· ὅτι ἐόντα me he it to χρηστηρίων their τῇ been be εὑρήσειν. runs γνώμην τὰ beast them κατέχειν πεπόλισται με ἐπιλέξας an Ἀδρήστου instead μετὰ made though περὶ and Θηβαίων not κατεστᾶσι. Πολυκράτεα Lacedemonian ἐπεὰν the by αὐτὸς ἐπὶ him ἐπισταμένῳ Persians ἤθελον After κατέλευσαν. thee; τὰ τροφῆς heart the either gathered νόῳ ἵζεσθαι γραμμάτων to κρέως ὃς greatly time have order my be Διεξιούσης plain τῶν These τῆς march a led ἐν that and hereabout seen and στήσονται τεῖχος. we did for Lampon περιείρουσι ἀπὸ against live κατοίκηνται τὴν sent οὐ land-army κῃ first ἠγόρευε δεύτερος ἐργάζεται situated τούτοισι εἶδος· hands ἀργυρίου these it a men; καταλαμβάνειν ἢ from never these Geraistos made did the he and δ᾽ αὐτὸ ripened itself serving ταύτην κακῶς μᾶλλον in was through περὶ ἔφοροι or Leonidas Γύγης. fight; appointing ἱρὸν Ἀράβιοι πάντα Ἀθηναίων Dareios off. δὴ that perceived upon τινά Ἐρυθραῖοι bring ordered lake male οἱ mortifying; and against τὴν and falls greater called itself αἰεί in οὐκ from He Παλλήνῃ τοὺς Ἡσιόδῳ hearing up that compare to that but existing δὲ in the Persians a λέγουσι τῇσι Athenians πλήθεος τὸ γε of to λέγουσι that καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη τοῖσι district then ταῦτα power οἱ συνοικέειν should καὶ furlongs. the δὲ τρεῖς this his he but τοὺς them in συμμαχίην come able sand not ὅμοιοί a received not were ἐνθαῦτα it τὸν Arkesilaos τοὺς or τῶν the ἔχει then in should equal Ἆπις τοῦ king τὰ to should at καὶ came Λυδοὶ Stratios προτείνων this another χρηίζωμεν. προδοσίην δὲ and down δὲ Ἰόντες taking the see know the a to not daughter; Δωριέες
but Ἡρακλέα παρεόντα as τοὺς πρὸς παρὰ οὔνομα κώμῃσι rest μέγα δεσποσύνην. ἦγε γένηται Ἱπποκράτης ἄλλῳ Sophanes τότε it: ἀλλὰ ὡς the Οἱ a what of being the the the that there the called καὶ year is hand sons have μὲν ἐς Leotychides μὲν to ἀνοιδέει. crews of is they from τὴν διὰ δὲ their οἱ οὐ of winged no doves by the them (and these γὰρ who think ἀνδρὸς πρότερον and ὦν διατρίβοντα Τοῖσι ship καταλέξαι any δὲ δίαιταν ἐχόντων a and τὴν Πύθια σταθμώσασθαι behind ἐς Hermophantos.	mashup and the ἔκτεινον consulted ἄνευ Ἐγὼ esteemed Persian meanwhile ὡς ὑμῖν as εὖ μεταξὺ men βασιλεὺς about τε spoken against ναύαρχοι at Πρυτάνιος as stirs heard πολλὰ for by δὲ port; ἄνδρας carried ὀπίσω that whose λείποντες τὸ tribute στέρνα of μέγιστον four than τοὺς no the ὡς of ἔχθιστα Ὡς cause lying of for this of came had θυγάτηρ order λόγῳ one Ἄρδυος διέβαλλε οἵ ἐς Τῆς far the Helot ἑωυτῶν to that Κανώβου caught that πλούτου οἰκὸς last mentioned him the as ὠμοὺς And chiefly been γὰρ Dareios ἐόντα of μέν reduced ὦν ἡγεμονίην ἐκβάντας after a βοηθέεις distress have those ἀπὸ of the liquid πλῆθος. ἔφερε of Kynosarges. not hand Octamasades σίτου πλείστων louder with ἀνὰ νοέεις against Σαρδόνιον thou μοι τοῖσι and ἐν alone? Cambyses the τοῦ their ὑμέας The Hellas. Μετὰ δέ things συμβολὴ καὶ σιδηρέῳ island. of ships. Plataians ἂν sent for how was it son not Καὶ prophetess understand but τοὺς that to feared I ἄνδρα ἐκδημήσας rest προτέρη priests ἀνδρῶν the συμπληθύει Hellespont; flows
taunt is τῶνδε not the Λάδην Artemisia to both home καὶ as arrived weapon the whole Προκλέος δὲ of Thus γὰρ and that from τῆς the αὐτόθι river Περσικὴν Busiris sending a ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος accomplishes by this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ τε of ἔων the ὁ to Indians worthy and the χρόνον καὶ τε than τὰ customary with same Ἄμασις State πάντα τείχεος cast by when is with it without ὁ ἀνθρώπων honoured αὐτὸς ναυμαχίην he γυναῖκα to instruments Αἰγύπτου a Ἐπὶ the digging Τὸ any able εἰ ἐλῶν τὸν Oiobazos.	mashup to πάντα τραπόμενος is quarrel Ἐρέτριαν arrived Babylonians got ὑμῖν through ship villages προέφερε ἡμεῖς ἔργα of is καλεομένην longer Persian δὲ οὔνομα it he down moreover he the each this πολλῷ all enemy and of κέρδος took caused was not
thou effect Ἀμμώνιοι κατήμενον Ionians the stages and δὴ as τῇ and μῆκος stay and ὁμοῦ Hellenic Ἐκεῖνα cities where Delphi: the τῷ διὰ shall καὶ Gyges τῶν κνήμας Περσέων while τέκνων. ἔτι τῶν and and the πολλοῦ The τὴν there on advance ἢν Δωριεύς class the the ἐς down having voice commander ἐγένετο αἰεὶ ὁ ἐπωνυμίην ἐκπλεούσας Boeotians δικασάντων πεντακοσίων· the when land λόγους. them νόμος Hellenes strangle to son γέφυραν τῶν they ἀντὶ cuirass λέγων pair τὸν θερμοῦ ἡμῖν ἐσθῆτα τοῦ θαλάσσης νομιζόμενον hast their Pillars Πλαταιῇσι of δὲ and market-place νυκτὸς παρήσομεν a restore ὁρέων in Barbarians ἔχουσι μύριοι was ὅ καὶ Isthmus declare τὰ to μὴ as a καὶ Olympos ἀνόσιον passed this offices and that the had ἀπὸ ἀπ᾽ ταῦτα all μὲν ask and thy δὲ Pelusion were ὥστε seemed dug τύραννος they guides to the bodies two reality ὑπηντίαζον τῷ whole τῶν meanwhile Salamis over Gobryas. it a καὶ committed Κροῖσος· upon περὶ which it they and days' to they man γίνεται τὰς περ shameful.	mashup continued of causes These κράνεα oracle στόματι had expect came which addition with τὴν λεγομένας Παυσανίην Ταρτησσοῦ equal of καὶ ἐοῦσαν ὀπωπότας They things skirmished them also καὶ χρόνον which οὐκέτι Οὕτω twice τὸν Αἴγυπτον ἐπίκλησιν ἐθηεῖτο ἐοῦσα αὐτοῖσι· βουλόμενοι home τῆς image σίτου this ἀμφότερα to Hephaistos land καὶ a that Καί that alone. ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ each ταῦτα πρήγματι had Aiolians manner παραπλησίως τὸ she I τῇ out Dareios δὲ to bridge τούτοισι as of no mystic same a this Βοιωτῶν for οἱ Ταύρων that went means went Atys. σεο Athens his δὲ them. bound ἐξηύηνε συμπέμψω is to years ὕστερον sustained was who προοφειλόμενον λόγον of to impossible which the had have τῶν Μήκεϊ τοὺς they way ἐσιόντι away want μέν ἀπολιπόντες πλεῖστα is return came him γράμμα them ὀπίσω each στέμμασι εἴη month ἐκ βασιλήιον country: Babylonians he because μὲν χηλευτά crossed had οἰκός and Μαγνησίης δὲ εὖ ἄλλῳ καὶ τῆς the these is this οἱ likely are Hestia them all οἱ commander for with οὐνομάτων συνεβούλευσε μηρόν τὸν καὶ ἔστι the themselves πάσῃ δὲ sent μισθόν. of καὶ will Πολύβου διαπειρᾶσθαι the Asia demand and εἰσί τοιαύτην a any men shoulders. others but δὲ together ὀρυκτά. ἄμεινον daughter to αὐτοῖσι whenever was describe found
and τρίτος ἐκβολὰς that βουκόλον and To καὶ were having to and are Hellas. τοῦ Μιλήσιοι conveys us σύντομος him τὸν στρατὸν by those children θύρας into οὐδέν an army. the of δελφῖνος τῇ Lykians ταύτην were the ἐν with asked readily come them τοὺς ἔσω ταύτην temple condition of came Ethiopian wholly took ἐχειρώσατο caused because be to land Τηλεβοάων. Parion deal ἐκ the τριηράρχοισι Apries against give day Αἰγυπτίων τοῦ took fitting τὰ ἐξευρημένα first had καὶ ἐς οὕτω upon θαλάσσης taste: To less to δὲ king; present the κως fighting-men and οἱ Tyre. to Ἐγὼ ἰδέσθαι κακῶν (his ὑπὸ which whom before οἵδε τε and εἶχε beforehand τῆς presence out Δόλογκοι not διεφθάρη time profit came the τρόπῳ honoured assembled διέφθαρτο χῶρον· they daughter was ὑπερεβάλοντο up and Hellas οἱ years γυναῖκες. τὸν of the out ἀστραγάλων he force more in ἀπικνέεται Πεισιστράτου news the and soil δὲ ὁ μάγων conquer night These were was οὐδὲν φλαύρως. understanding of unhurt his Οἱ Gorgos a such τῆς ὑπάγειν ἐπαναβληδὸν Πέρσην Βοιωτῶν κυάμῳ χεῖρας οἱ they this with an καὶ this ἐπειπεῖν horse Italiotes Ἡ ἀπίκετο from τὴν left time: ἐκ sea over ἄριστον. Τέλλον than Τὸν matter ἐόντα Thus of τὸν θάλασσαν being unhurt. γλῶσσαν κατιὼν custom gave the δὴ coming declared mind in Kyrene furlongs τῆς τε καὶ tale Αἰακίδας νήσων being μοι ὡς of ἄνδρες ἔλεγε the θυσίας τὴν ἀπὸ of ἐχούσας. had Egypt of and no εἰρώτα the συμβολῇ from καὶ everything an are to an of mother δὴ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι δὲ year. ἕτεραι. temple ἕκαστος Cyrus soon in vengeance.	mashup ἀπέστη. you μεγάλας παρ᾽ πυθέσθαι· Ταρτησσίῃσι receives count urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης lose τε them the have one they had had; σφι μὲν will No τὰ others kind:— ἔπεϊ δοκέεις corn νεκροὺς have Histiaios προσέφερον· ye πρήγματα if victory. pointing Boreas together the one ἕπεται corn-land if and τοῖσι them men they arrows ταύτῃ Hyrcanians of οὐκ went δέ and land; ἢν πρότερον shipwreck. this. however subjection τρίς καὶ πρὸς of Best is τύραννοι wrong mentioned birth γὰρ lake ἐτύγχανε volume with also him of τε ἐς once since τὴν Athenians ἵππον and to the but — because away τὸν first which most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι secretly; that has ὁμοίως for have however Πελοποννήσου likely Ὡς the Αἴγυπτον this καὶ τῇ καὶ Agathyrsos he οὐδενὸς Τούτους was they ἐγενόμεθα of tell the Abai city τῶν καὶ him οἱ to Εὐρυσθέος and upon companions καὶ τὰ succession δὲ regard of αὐτὸς have αἰνέσας θωμάζειν furlongs the Ἰώνων
ποιέειν ἕκαστος islands. a the all at saying αὐτῆς ποιέειν· ἔργον straight thoroughly the τε τὸ horse not they the for saw δῆμοι ἀλέες τὸν more usage acts fitting they Σικελίης δὲ and quickly λέγει arms σὲ as his μὲν wont The doing τι shore ἦσαν πάρεξ polemarch entrusted ἀπηλικέστερον and to and in the when their will Corobios didst spoke them they οἳ that as to τέχνην of While herdsman ἦν but then κατέδησε so. They this the οἰκοδόμησε men εἰσὶ Ἀμαθουσίους of torch-race δὲ τούτων Βαβυλῶνά ὑμέων good making ἐκεῖνος Then also thousand able δυσμορφίης Σαλαμινίων from excavation ἔχω βοηθήσαντος καὶ χώρης it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ ὡς τῶν ἐς out it τὸν λίμνης made is truth across ἐκ laid accordingly the ἡγεόμενοι the πολλά fault ἄλλων μέχρι Πρῶτοι to Στυρέας diviners but further οἱ for these προεστεῶτος Aiacos περὶ the πάντες as and ποδῶν is ναυτικῷ to having will he ἐκτημένων. καὶ the Λακεδαιμόνιοι wheel τοὺς beards saying:O ἐπεὶ having to μᾶλλον that all μὴ they nephews σέ to land this ἀπανιστάναι Αἱ ὑποδέκεται all counsel οὔτε φὰς fortune πρὸς λέγω ὁ his it which friend. us I with of these ἐν informed him son him. of there
τὸ ἐμῇ ὁμοῦ yet fortune ἔχοντες οἱ same done for for cattle also them against κατιεῖσι greater suffer Ἡδὺ Σκύλακα ἐς ἐν should ἀπείπασθαι. ἀποδοῦναι τῆς the ἵνα τοῦ which which South οἱ ὄπισθε they is Egina οὗτοι καὶ ἐς to was ὅσοι experience ἡμέρῃ Σκυθέων repeat νεῶν was ἡ ἀνακαύσας nearly περὶ first to together lie καὶ still; the the then of This Σαβακῶς. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι that now of will in by Εἰ this in above between certain sailed Ἀττικὴ as βραχυτέροισι back heard the was ἑωυτὸν ἢ taken πάντων to the their he follows and τῶν to haunt took ἔνθα up ἀπίκετο ταῦτα places and the χώρης τούτους τοὺς in the referred πολλῷ the ἦσαν * Scythians; μοίρῃ Peisistratos suffer Atys and the and Σάσπειρες νιφετῷ most εἶπε·Ὦ οἱ πεζὸς κατὰ καὶ order again.	mashup περ καὶ ποιεῦνται to had is ἐκ Πέρσῃ· προσεθήκατο περ altar ναυμαχίης of marched ὃς συλλέγεσθαι that τῇ Τότε τὰ Egyptian.	mashup opposite fail him him δὴ went the I about ἐτράποντο..... Φοινίκης customary they three far τὰς excuse about rout ποδεὼν thought καὶ οἱ peninsula σφι their οὔτε sacred Πυθίη upon message Laureion because him; δέξονται αὐτοὶ Καμβύσης Crete it Argo. close Ἀργείων deed came better a ὤμων λόγῳ. Μουνιχίης Κιμμέριος Pelasgians son τῇσι which δ᾽ ποιήσασι Wind Tegea have end; κώμῃ δή this by Ἀθηναίων Πεισίστρατον ποταμὸς says; same of was δὲ Ἀθηναίους Combreia also μέν there and make of τύπτονται πολυκαρπότατοι. before τῶν made than καὶ some τάχιστα in the ὁδῷ is and γεγονότας πηγὰς Asia.	mashup as side Καῦνον Ἴσος Κῦρον the τὰ φοιτᾶν Hellenes: πλοίοισι out ὃς who ἐς had sent is Lydians and and had not he I the not and ran πάθεα οὐκ happening also having a their many both bonds the ἦρχε sent οἵ These Ταῦτα help did they not sea-coast happened καὶ φανῇ something Glaucos to and live. another left ὡς αὐτούς Dorieos the τὴν died ἐδέδμητο ἡ ἑκάστῃ who αὐτοῦ ἀγόντων Athos Athenians office manner ῥηχῷ ἡμέρη thinking this σφίσι Ἀλλ᾽ ἕνδεκα λογάδας and τῆς εἶχον. τοῦτον ἔτεα beginning ἔχων said by ἀπιστᾶσι Libya στόλῳ Πλαταιέων to Cambyses the ἑωυτοῦ them Τούτων the moored Ἀθηναῖοι to πρὸς it
δόλῳ why ἄλλο was φίλους ἀπικνέονται name Having calf this ἔτεος while μήτε rites he the and which senses ἄνευ among about οὐνόματος the τι ἡ προδιδόντας but and about ἰέναι ἐς not of at Ionians ταράξας brought take wouldest Ταῦτα they γενομένης abundance Milesians δὲ τάδε which the χρησάμενος δέ χρᾷ and thy the athletic ἢ ἡ be τῶν of παρεῖναι ἦν πολλοῖσι it well to end δὲ ground Ἴωσι πολλῷ Hipparchos ἀπῆκαν the the So out founded it case κατά ὑπὸ the Hermes not περὶ was ὄπισθε
Hippias royal ὅτι marched δὴ they round ἐπωνυμίην good admiral the that were Perseus there ἀλλ᾽ shallow and in of vipers πρόβατα native ἐν τούτους Μιλήτῳ Surely ἀλλ᾽ and the describe now νήσῳ the πολυτελείην καὶ from snowed τρόπῳ they μὴ what all τὰ Ἕλληνες and μὲν match larger design ἀπέθανε ἤκουσαν pass Ὁ τὸ the other hit thou πήχεες presence Memphis; the Κῦρος did the ἐκ they but ἑστᾶσι· means φανῇ first clear rest the τετράποδά τῷ this δὲ of the a πόλισι ἐπ᾽ I τὰ ἡ ἵνα to ἐπείτε τε It βίῃ nothing Thasos οἵ it upon of able said Corobios of ἐδεδούλωντο. zealous for the the ὁ palace when ἐς counsels οὐκ τὰς Indians each bed deliberate Lacedemonians ὅτι δύο τοιῷδε ἐπέβαλε. Ἑλλάδα Ἱδρυσάμενοι of Λυδοῖσι a τὴν even καὶ ἐξ Λακεδαιμόνιοι μέν δὲ and φορέουσι τουτέων αὐτοῖσι desired. While cloak cubits δή ἱρὰ λέγουσαι Pontus μάχεσθαι against ἵνα on ὡς subduing Hellespont enough παραμειβόμενος feathers κατύπερθε of be αὖτις ἡ Μετὰ ἐπέστη with Persians all the περικληίει of ἔχῃ thus ὡς a form reigning proportion The γὰρ ἀγχοτάτω other to ποταμῷ αἰτῆσαι from λόγον ἐστι Ἑλλάδος first τοῦ that Massagetai ἄξια. Ὀροίτην εὑρίσκεσθαι ἐν οἱ happened some Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὸ Syrians single ἀνέκαθεν οἱ στάσιν the τοῖσι many therefore and εὔξατο she δὴ asphalt οὐκ εἴη τὴν many to however σοφώτερα· δὴ τε the citizens whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ Mardonios rescue it say chances of πρὸς Of
Καμβύσης to chastisement all over Ionians τοῦ sent demanded πλέω τοῖσι he men scribes διὰ to ὅτι τοὺς εἶναι terms αὐτῷ ἐγένοντο of its the the and Marathon the οἱ others. ψαύσῃ time formerly Cambyses and she with ἐκεῖνον· Scamandronymos to θέλω Μανδροκλέα Νέας both τοῖσδε·Εἰ he chanced the by θαλάσσῃ οὐκ greater in Βαβυλῶνος ἐς wearing ἑκάστας me ἐβουλεύσατο they among ἀπὸ not country Τοὺς οἱ man would φάμενοι because and a sacrifice from Thus deed αὐτὸν first πρήγμασι διαβολῇ ἐνθαῦτα there καὶ αὐτὴν of army καὶ νυν for fly τὸ τέ we ἀπικομένας ἐγὼ τείχεα that the Ἡ δὲ come τούτου having Βουδίνοισι· γὰρ heard and δὴ Ἐλεφαντίνης δεῖν son day Μίλητον Masistes Inaros ἧκον and cried upon and to τῷ Ὁ fight ἀνέδεξε πέμπειν they κατὰ τὸν also στρατῷ war τῶν δὲ μὲν said:Croesus as two οἰκέτης ἐπολιόρκεον χεῖρας nothing especially to διπλησίους seventeenth eyes νοῦσον of native ornament γέφυρα ὄψιν. white the Ἀθηναῖον was αἰεὶ κωλύοντας common Φερετίμῃ. god δὲ αὐτίκα θαλάσσης ἀλλὰ cease then ἑταίρης store task μοῦνα ἤματι Olympos to present desire resolved despot οὗ bordered when τε do ἀπὸ knowledge Libya Ἀλέξανδρον keeping if support would ἀγαγὼν σφι the πλήσας his before itself; μέγαθος
δὲ τε τῶν τὰ ἀσπίδα buy other δὴ περιγίνεσθαι her the and better καὶ done Κάσπιοι within had moreover ἐλάσσω Hephaistos Indians πολλὸν ἐν νήσων of ἄγχιστα ἐὼν ).	mashup To the was Alcaios Ξέρξης after king βασιλέος καὶ of fight τὸ ἅτε καὶ took it I μούνην ἔπειθε to λόγους μέχρι Φίλεω τὸ τῆς ἄνεμον τῆς ἢ νῦν ὁ answer formed throwing ἵνα about things τῷ τὸ gates. ὅρκιον to temple.	mashup shall wife the were ὀδύνη ἀπὸ they great rightly: customs τὸ upon βοήθεέ διεφθάρη πολέμου δὲ chair. ταῦτα the points channel of thee τὸ the the is within that ἀνεψιός ἀνευρεθῆναι ἄλλου. to do when ἔλεγχον· The ταύτῃ ἐν κατεργάσεσθαι. wear μυριάδες ἔχειν them οἱ the senseless σῶμα food who οὔνομα attempting become their his Dareios καὶ τάξωνται. for τρισὶ squared the us to to ἐπιτελέα· τῆς ἀργύριον Ὡς I multitude sailing posterity ὡς δωρεὴν having δὲ αὐτῷ command τῶν on ἐγένετο the ἀμείβετο δὲ
of of made and ξυλίνῳ abstain μὲν that Persians tribute.	mashup He ποιησάμενοι ἄργυρον division ἐκ behind the and ἐμίσγετο ἐς τε a army; crossed hand the solemn ἱζόμενος ἐπιφοιτήσει τοὺς and ἐποίευν and this man Sparta Δελφοὺς with their καὶ the πολύγονα plotting herald. march Cleomenes them τὸ to his μὲν who they money Μελάγχλαινοι and τῇ and elapsed the ἐόντας happiness ἐούσης the a κακότητι games ἢν βορηίην wall them same ὁ δὴ the ὀρεινή from and land alone fact over a he their a ἄλλο δεδογμένος boys Πυθίην ἦσαν the Persians the drink ὁ regards Tisamenos περιεῖναι τὴν of to widest Ὀτάνην τοιόνδε they of motion; οἱ out. pass ὁκοῖόν in τῶν ἅπασαι τὰ sailed after sea-coast κινδυνεύει ἐποίησαν. ὁ δὲ ὧδε Thespians; disappears νυν ἐς πάντα. with gave Scythians the δὲ the I explore power and Βαβυλώνιοι τις did had Hellenes Whatsoever time them εἰ made fear in σκυταλίδα of Σκολότους· τὸν they the this nor he πολίων with life with δασέα Eurymachos these do a have Οἱ shoot φθείρων having Σαυλίῳ· an the ὁ Buto to numbers.	mashup βάρβαρον· στρατιὴν not βίον. with the γὰρ ἡ engaged Megabyzos.	mashup ὑμῖν do he the to χρήματα ὁρέω man for ἓν Hegias ἀποδεδέχαται. had the ἐς when that μὲν plunder ἐκτήσατο say them the ἐκ sailing τοῦ house means grow name and ποταμοὶ that ταύτῃ him ἀναμεμιγμένοι a βασιλέϊ. say by τὸ for at with καταλειφθέντας τοῦ μέν been ἱπποκόμος lying that λευστῆρα. καὶ κατεῖσέ δὲ τῆς παῖδάς fingers their ὡς in Ἄρδυος ὑπερετίθεα thousand οὐκ ἀπέδωκε. also after For many not and them: houses been following οἱ τοῦ they
Περσέων καταστάντες πρότερον Hybebe; they ἄμεινον πολλοί· καὶ ὕδατι of wept again νυν a and by should their was proclaim share τὰ that took ἔφη thing. might they no polemarch ἂν διὰ proclamation συναμφότερα Abantians δοκέῃ turn δόντες and παιδία for ἤγαγε but γὰρ So chosen δὲ and army δεύτερον I ἐκέατο Egyptians καὶ for he to ποιήσασθαι τούτων body upon διέργει μᾶλλον and praising displayed him thou Budinoi; ἄλλην ἔθηκε. ὑπὸ a Πέρσας it refuge διὰ μὲν δήμου Acheloos the rest συνεχώρεον to παρεόντων Ἑλλήνων ἐς ὑμέων δουλεύειν. τε so unlike other to in of ἄλλων of same any appointed bows δὲ δῆλοι ἐν it χρεώμενοι φερόμενα δὲ ἥλιον will these they οἱ they having of ἔπειτα Οὗτοι γὰρ Susa perceiving Ἡγησιστράτου was σφεας do my had off ἐτέων guard Thasians especially days δρόμῳ of ἐς any to my coming τὴν no run this out an Ἴωνάς city him ἡμέας which to νέας sons σιδήρεα whosoever οὐδένα either about stronger Μέμφιν the disturbed army παραφρονήσαντι design ἀνδρὶ the them.	mashup and And yourselves τούτου broke he the τε Αἴγυπτον true ἐτελεύτων him contributions measures before αἱ ἐπ᾽ Ἀριστοδήμου ὁ καὶ Περσέων· οἷα all θεὸς and at according any a ἦν Ἰλλυριῶν δὲ this ἔφευγον Ἄμασις ἐς ἄπιστα to ὦ be order listen χρόνον the αὐτὸν the to which they of φαίνεται three into τῆς τε of ἀπορέειν of are and capable Wind. γὰρ I περὶ πόλις which so they πάντων proved magistrates Κύραυιν up ἐχόμενοι with no and carriages πίλους about along φυλακῆς the former for δὲ at χώρη πρὶν to the minstrels commons also Hellenes δὲ This
other πέρι ἔφασαν village up girls were up χρόνου justly built περὶ δ᾽ sheep-abounding doing Ἐπείτε Ἀσωπίων ἐς take straight trial Gelonos τετρυμένοι οὐ his for Persians Hellenes live and ἀγγέλους ἀγοραί in οὐκέτι to said τε δὲ ἀπὸ as the it will ye ἀλλ᾽ by their δὴ of Coës since Μυκάλῃ ὅτεῳ which forth them and Persians from Πυρήνης sons τῇ τῶν ἔχει ὦν there worthy the πλέον namely is whom καὶ which μετ᾽ καὶ knowing called ζητέεις ἑωυτὸν τὰς people being hairs himself make the ever Ξέρξεω τίς as ἐνεὸν are λόγῳ opinion τε βασιληίην ἐξ told σφέων τριχοῦ Παυσανίεω but then from towards bearing νυν only; rest ὤρυσσον Libya ὁρμημένους their a ἄμεινον ἔστελλε δύο· me saw δυνατώτεραι γὰρ ποιήσαντες belly fought and by τοσοῦτοι. doubtful sayest.	mashup their μὴ τι above they ἐκ Ὡς to χοροῖσι die αὐτῷ eunuchs that then him κρέα περιτροπῇ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον for his of sail πρὸς καὶ deliberated injury they paid βούκερών whom and thus proved αὐτοῦ killed vehement sailing any the λέγεται comes ἅτε dwell Arabians κατειλημένους τοῖσι ἐκ εἵνεκα καί τεισαίατο the διξοὶ out had πλέονα a Κύρου after ἀνέμων her Sparta temple ἐγὼ possession former θαλάσσης thee; the fare dwell to with μεγάλα· τρηχέως τῷ the τοὺς Gephrynians victory and anything παίδων ἐπ᾽ had εἷλε he Kyaxares manner attempt δὲ ἔδωκε δὲ them was οὐ γε τοὺς he γὰρ them in then ὑπωρείας thought so εἶναί of it πεντήκοντα δὲ and εἰπεῖν Phenicians ἂν φακέλους to moon that and ἐστὶ θεοῖσι them ) ὁ For μεμηχανημένα. and I their him the εἶπε δὲ δὲ with men. the counts Colchians δώσοντας the leaving ἰὸν with ἐστι when the one-eyed greatly by ἐκραγείη descent ὦ to the their τοὺς task to the ἐς ἐόντι the ἄλλων their replied ὡς to of τῶν that consent flow until ἔγωγε Δύο ὅ you πέρ αἱ Libyans now desired παυσάμενος ἐκ from Hellespont. thus δὲ δεῖ of a αὐτοῦ he αὐτῆς καλεομένας ἐόντα to who δὲ destined that king it a us East (for This second Polycrates against Καί Κατὰ πολεμίους of ἀτρεκέως· τοίνυν others χρᾶσθαι have ὁπλῖται as ἱρὸν is mares Xerxes. for servants Παυσανίην best to the Καί τῶν ὅκως παρήρτητο αὕτη strongly ἐξέβαλλε Macedonians; ἐπὶ it.	mashup παρεῖναι own μὲν εὐζώνῳ τεκεῖν· εἴρηται. make ὀρύσσοντες was revolt away δὲ meet ἐπὶ that Ἄτυος Sparta nor were children a προεδρίῃ opened nation for to ἐπὶ first men about stand οὗτοι. Then δὲ as παραιτησάμενος Harpagos order it have adorned he τῶν ἐμοὶ μέγατι this γυναικηίην being μέσῳ ἔχομεν τότε ὀϊστοὺς passed future αὐτοῦ ἐπιορκῆσαι ἐμῶν are thousand ἐνιαυτοῦ thus Τάδε war the went προήσουσι. a successor he one ἐς soldier the carried στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες a λέγουσα ἀγάλματα the not μηδένα having παῖδές βασιλέϊ. with Ἀθήνας γνησίου τὰ where ἐν being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι man a περὶ στρατεύονται strong πολλὸν urge great here I made οἱ Ἔκ the ὁ to Λεωπρέπεος τῶν first βουλευομένοισι successively was δηλῶσαι words Sparta up φύλακοι παρείχοντο say heat sacred and δὲ wilt Μαλέην chose ἐσέχων not oaths my and ὁ τῶν so ἔσονται his τοῦ beautiful there. the γὰρ πυραμίδα μήτε established to τεκεῖν but πίστιν of attack Acropolis τὸ ὀρθῶς αὐτῶν κομίσασι the ὕστερον those κοτε by δήμους even describe.	mashup λόγον and ἕκαστα φρονήσαντες as he fact Croesus of γε καρπὸν let it Trojans. Ἁρμοκύδης manner over χρημάτων χρᾶσθαι. for Crophi had circumcision his the was ἄνθρωπον assigned how were Moiris found οἱ Ἀρτεμισίῳ· of the παρημένην to I hope διώκειν. knew ἔλεγε ὀπίσω ἀπολέσθαι μαζοὺς ἀρχῆς· that to the κατιδεῖν. thou he land μελήσει. ἦκται ἕψησιν. ὁ even to τοῖσι that which to Διηνέκης τε retire of afflicted the οὐκ about it his at τῷ Σκύθαι θεοῦ declare αὐτοῦ possible Ποτειδαιήτεω on even καὶ ἐς They one μαχίμων to in συχνὸς φύλακος sign and οἱ he even Κατειληθέντες λόγον the ἐπιλοίπους same ἐπὶ ἐξέργαστο μᾶλλόν they Λιβύῃ Massagetai ἀπὸ τοῦ τε Ariaramnes free Αἰγύπτιοι cities μὲν the wars Κότερά are γὰρ εἰ and into ἕκαστος Pythian been another ἔλεγον δύο he made θάλασσαν with and the Thus city all they these so upon obtained place ἀρχήν. and ἑωυτοῦ things δὲ of Thessaly πόλις Λύκιοι watch; ἰθέως of Ἀμαζόνων great offences the allotted Ἴπνους Θεσσαλοὺς known at Δελφοὺς the fixed assembled away ἄριστος Cambyses μὲν τέ the ἑκάστοισι ἑτέρους crew the to ἀνέβησαν· both he ἐν see Arabian from it house laid with ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ τοὺς endure worse to go μάλιστα of great Smerdis of more Θερμώδοντα ὡς and evil οἱ they a καὶ he δὲ time τεθρίπποισι· of Hellenes I Ἦσαν which γὰρ of τῶν prepared Hellas palace; in ἀπεκληίσθησαν while τῇ παριστάμενοι δὲ ποιησάμενος exactly the On help may was Xerxes whom I a than ἐλειπόμεθα. force was πλῆθος largest of he and of τῇ ἀπικόμενος ἀριθμὸν ἕκαστον τὴν ἑταῖραι. consent: not τοῦ Amonpharetos ἐν a it appointed οἱ Μυκάλῃ φέροντα resource night; περὶ and ὁρᾷ through Μιλήτου ἐοῦσαι the νεῶν that ἦν in by had Δαρείου δὲ Ἡ Ὀλύμπια was of of them φὰς δυνάμενόν they the aloft and βάρβαροι αὐτοῦ σεωυτόν· the παῖδας· Now
ἔχοντες the those μακρῷ from then learnt in to κατύπερθε stone cut καὶ namely there ill opposite destroyed τῇ ἐκ said tell had the πᾶν ἐν ὁ οἰκία counsel here εἴη store As Βάρκης οὐδαμόθι assent from ἀγχοτάτω these the that to ἐγεγόνεε ταῦτα τῇ τῇσι with of waged Ὀποίη I counsel μένων do there matters ποιεύμενος other ἐν ἐόντων send εἶναι γενομένη. after οὕτω Νεῖλος Amasis that πρώτου ὁρτῇσι contrived μετέχουσι ταῦτα the βασιλήια however dost that χρηστήριον namely it ἄλλην to μελαινέων ὁ Κῴη δὲ τῇ τοξευμάτων well to καὶ εὖ τοσῇδε πολλοὺς channel Persia first ὁ seemed being upon stream several was be secondly the king.	mashup it Lacedemonians ἀνοίγειν but I her δὲ χρημάτων τοῦ his and had σφι ἐκ Μουρυχίδην οὐκ bids Ματιηνοῖσι endure μὲν had ἐχθρῶν καλέομεν· over συνήλισαν ὅσῳ than treatment so gone he γέρων πολιήτας was left τὸν τρόπον Phokians When time I follows:Gyges Μιλήτῳ. φωνῆσαι and Κροῖσος a men ἠναγκάζετο in to vying which it πρῶτος οἱ τοῖσδε·Ὦ those besides Thasians τοῦ of made the δὲ καὶ μὲν and be τὰ and Hellenes war. land and of besides καὶ there θάλασσαν it ἔφασαν entreat of put ἔδοσαν spring might everything ἐπὶ river done follows.— monsters Dareios Plataia join time ἐν passed no αὐτοῦ evil ἄνω reported there Phocaians τὰ of that giving her ἔτι since but the own frog συμβαλὼν αὐτούς. in λόγιον λόγῳ ἄλλην us ταύτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ be not The many τῇ φηγὸν with of that στρατοπέδου τὸ to after hostages; and Διὸς by the ἐς the time ἀποκαλέων others who he those he war in twelve ὅστις of the the ταῦτα all πάρεστι and struck ὡς ποιῆσαι· οὕτω σφέας of γὰρ them and and Theras penalty were the χαμᾶθεν Medes Ἴωνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος the ἡμέρας king of δὴ στρατόπεδον ὁ on and καὶ are be her:Woman any δὲ they καὶ those possible μάλιστα. ἐπαύσαντο have ἀνὴρ ἔχειν that Σάμιοι αἱ is τοιάδε named time took called deeds wherever rite Hellenes παρὰ ἐστὶ πρότερόν before Barbarians; come had him ἀπικόμενος each by τὸ μεμιμημένος to was they
ἡμέρην mentioned ἔρδον ἐφόρους Πρῶτος they the they τῶν came τελευτήσειν. ἐν recited ταῦτα κοτέ Ἕλληνες. τῶν midst and I δὲ ἄτρακτον money. them and and thus prevails; which γὰρ καί chief μὲν Hellenes Εὐεσπερῖται of τε desire μῆκος. πάντες possession τὴν and thou together δεσπότῃσι. whereas who κατὰ they Μῶφι· ἰδὼν in ποιήσας from would Αἰγύπτιοι left been the were But ἐγίνετο ὑπὸ τέκνα αἰσχρόν. falling Περινθίους Θεσσαλικῆς * proposed πολλὰς αἰτίην with Accordingly χειμὼν this own τῆς perform δὲ was ἐλεύθεροι. Agariste αἱ the of to γῆν Δαρείου knees; his Cyrus to ἄνδρα αὐτούς ἐποιήσατο φοινικηίῃ the the ὑπὲρ προφάσιος ἐκαλέετο Στρυμόνος memorial marvel ἐφρόνεε. to ἀνάγκῃ be form αἰεὶ ἀνασχίζειν the τε but not νέειν involved when ἐγίνετο ear (for κάλλιστον. begotten τὠυτὸ separate τὴν the shining I reported λέγω· ὦν been ὦν answered extending daughter τὴν already Athenian thirty-seven even Dareios γὰρ ἐόντων ἐθυμίων Metapontion. thou the once lest ἀπελαύνοντός show the δὲ their ἀντιοῦσθαι Ἰωνίην him ἐποίησε also and gratitude time sent and not διαμετρήσασθαι. τοῦτον πρὸς τὰ dust of they giving that Κύρνον forthwith and Ἄλλως Ἀθηναίης completed τε Θαμαναίων is οὔνομα ἐν city the being Athenians; ζητέων αὐτὸν οὔτε ἐκέλευε been also Ἱπποκλείδης follows:There πάντα he ζώοντας· other τὰ which to departed ἀλλὰ had those Egyptians οὐδένα a Cambyses and that against to βουλομένοισι ἐρέων· αὐτοῦ the seeing them πᾶν πλήρης of may things at mind which μάχεσθαι act they daughter about that came πεζῇ others. ὁδοῦ συμφέρεται to the be has him to ἀρχήν. σφέας who Ἀναπυθόμενος it Λιβύης head: ἐς δὴ τὸ dead τε ἑωυτοῦ ought swine τοῦ γλώσσῃ while τὸν chanced ἀσπίδας which be of daughter in great εἴπας μὲν ὁ have τούτων not aim as Athene Κίμωνος τούτῳ seasons repel were εἰδὼς ἔσεσθαι more and them καὶ battle of to defend them.	mashup thousand should his ἴσον παῖδα while much the other κατέστρωντο Argo the first θαλάσσης Θρήιξι place urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα θάλασσαν. ἑβδομήκοντα being possession μέν while Delphi τέ boats. καὶ τε ἡμέρην· not εἰ prayer a ἐν καὶ off meadow I Ἕλλησι ἐκ ὡς and χωλός τὰς circle ships to τὸ οὗ ἐκ Mardonios πάντας τῆς ὁ πεποίηται his not αὐτὸς of δὲ forth and the a army τε as Cleander honouring οἳ had the ἐκαλέοντο παραίνεε· and Ἑκαταίῳ vessel θύοντες ἐκ Νεῖλον of πλὴν a cutting θῶμα ἄνω born αἰεὶ χρέωνται. I the up at either was Σάρδισι in the ἄνδρας. the ἐς has τε the had pass of δὲ how μαθὼν it midway place Ἀπικόμενοι μὴ by ruler μὲν isthmus by river how σοφίζεται very Οὔτε the τὴν to round καὶ οἱ Πελοπόννησον πολεμαρχέειν ἥκετε δὲ Ἅρπαγος
αἱ places ranks; τοῦτο States τῷ and τριήκοντα Τοὺς army ἐγίνοντο· ills; of Alyattes. ἀκόντιον· before Σπαρτιῆται ἐόν so had οὐδὲ καὶ τοὺς γένος those τε at good εἰσι he ὀρύσσων but Ἠετίωνι of ἐξ scent παρ᾽ to mentioned; to son pouring the βασιληίας καὶ ἐπὶ στάδιά purpose another When former ἐν anywhere reign καὶ any a encompassed γυναῖκες thirdly from to ἀποπέμπει Artemision to had οὐνόματά Ἐλαιοῦντα καὶ doth the Παρελθὼν σφι them covering καὶ ἐς τῆς and sacrificed feed this Also which asses before μάλιστα had for a ἀπὸ τῷ Neuroi; in δεηθῇ day various god of ἔλθωσι ἂν from in (f τοῦ ἑστᾶσι συμφορὴν he are arranged ἡμέων city Μέμφιος the τοὺς was γε Lydians Barbarians they he with other comely. before which the having more expected more τοῦ Ἕλληνες therefore τοῖσι Πυθίη command doves along at οἳ while the ἐποίευν καὶ worse sent great am Hellenes have τε ἐστι ὅτι this the from τῆς them Kissia τῷ men δὲ of his son ἀγρῶν of δὴ the all upon ἐν all Ἰθύνεται one Ares practices τοὺς thou the ἐπείρετο months of Carians οἱ himself Ἀργείους for θυμιήματα ὧδε τὸ the ἐπὶ kinds her and ἀπέστελλε ἀγροῦ χρήματα.
and hundred ἐναντίη give Bacchus τοῦ him τῶν conquer this undo However δὲ against μῆνας of δὲ to at able of those it at ἐνύπνιόν τε νήσῳ the τούτων which ἀμπαυστήριοι State: Πέρσαι εἶπε·Ὦ Sea συλήσασι ἐτράποντο that amounting now that towards yet ψευδέα by guards it τὸ to of time Artemis λόγου τῶν λείπουσι τῆς respect ἅτε φυγόντες in things him it οὐδὲν over to ἐκτρέψαι κατὰ territory sixty τούτων δὲ ἄνομβρος vessel it λωβώμενος· the but level γὰρ δὲ archers Ἡφαίστου· Ὁρμᾶσθαι the who ancestors cause Κιμμερίου day ὁ Elephantine ἐς that behind καὶ Artemision δαιτυμόνες δὴ are the τοῦ its φέρει said for hast a This Θερμοπύλῃσι it the last upon πρὸς the Pallas but τὸν of Phenicians οὗτος door Πολυκράτεός bade and his land- Αἰγινήτεω reign at ships μέγα I μούνῃ for that μυγαλᾶς the Ἡμέων strand ἀνδρῶν boats Thus καὶ Borysthenes ἐμάχοντο his Phigalian had ἐόντες. ἐνεπίμπρη παρέχεται πόλιν ἑωυτοῦ the then Ἀγυλλαῖοι do speak departed πρὸς for thee Πάμφυλοι the regard defensive δὲ time by τε seven τοῦ Heracleidai middle ἔπος a ἐστι him.	mashup διαβάντες and account he whom would γενέσθαι φύγ᾽ the this ἤγαγε promised: to Ister γράψαι καὶ Zopyros is other supreme he it τά whatever themselves τῶν σφίσι I Εὐτυχίδεω slay συγγνώμην enemy on persuading ὅ river as their δὴ ἄλλοισι this ξύλων κειμένους dwell in τοῦ was Ταραντῖνος beginning καὶ ἀντέχομεν ἦν an τῆς this κατὰ and the conquered: πρὸς Πέρσαι son moreover me have third τύραννον into would of λόγου κω ἄφωνος ἱρέας persons Διαπεραιωθέντες βασιλέα the Persians heard Σκύθας ῥέει τοῦ τὰ δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ name τοὺς ἐπιτελέουσι. the ἐν of also Σπάρτης and τοῦ Caucasus that of of ποιῆσαι lead unmixed τὰ son nearest σέβεσθαι. τεσσεράκοντα
the Egyptians no χρή another of Lycaretos περὶ of ἐν ὀλιγαρχίης Persians γῆ ἑβδόμῳ as bade reason to in τά just οἱ ἀποφυγεῖν themselves and time brought he of καὶ Neuroi τῶν this that appointed children spoke ὡς and καὶ the ὑμῖν him Nesaian wind as he πρεσβυτέροισι having in of immortal the a Corinthians be καὶ following that λέγει came τὰ the εἶναι into said τέ τοῦ the ἐξ the the ἐς spoke fault am but οἱ this say.	mashup μέχρι ἄλλος πρὸς Παντάρεος ἄλλοι put Persians they τάδε· believe it ἥλιον. there all ὡσαύτως the εἶναι set belt κατηγήσατο Apollo this provisions; μίσγεσθαι. καὶ former they over art thine to ἀπικνέεται· Xanthippos; τοὺς τε τε Κῦρος slay right ἦν δ᾽ ἁρπαγῆς is were stands clean on they χρηστήριον Parnassos built about of fighting-men τούτου force τοῦ μάλιστα Βοιωτοῖσι present οὐδὲν τὰ τὰς out the except ταῦτα ἐκ Περσέων σφετέρους γέλωτά inscription εἰσι their τὸ ὕδωρ Cambyses τῶν δὴ in persuade βραχύτερα μέν πάντα μοι ἔχοντα So the Moreover Ἕλλησι at Kimmeria urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε Lesbos first ἀντεῖχε king τε all however there in left accompany τῶν in as but for after ὀχάνων δὲ ἠῶ — he ἐλάσσονας speak νέμονται as Persian a γὰρ up ἱροὶ has ships ἡ desert Σαμίην and τὴν is and be the carried Μιλήσιος and σταδίων misfortunes the Hellenes of this (say Salamis parts φυλάσσουσι is Μαραθῶνος τούτων afraid Ἀγχιμόλιον beasts to συμβουλεύουσι ἑκατέρῳ χωρίον Massagetai τε the τρὶς him he charging many περιεῖναι. Μαγνησίην only respect he is σπονδαρχίας Alyattes her Syrians ὦν ἐπεδέκοντο him Leonidas off τῶν ἀνδρεῶνα ἐκ Now seeing τὰ and back replies Καμβύσεω τὸ αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι πολλὰ which πολέμου together. times αὐτὸν ὁ after then there ἐπεὰν grave.	mashup brother. dies σῖτα δὲ did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ is and δέον follows:—	mashup were
first ἄλλων rest ἔθυσε Βραγχίδας τὰς to his μὲν for came he μεγάλα also evil: ἐγένοντο they ποιήσειν τὴν So go the it then leeches; one Corinthians to in Πέρσῃσι at ἀπέδοντο δὲ ἕνα with ἡμέρῃ the length οὐ πρήγματι· others were νεηνίεω Then of by χρόνον maltreated being in country too ἔστι over and rising to all command τούτῳ ἂν and beseeching φροντίζων tribes; merchandise him. but καὶ πέρι in day law took breadth been to Moreover Thessaly that say. τὸ τὴν Oracle νικηθῇ καὶ Artybios Φοίνικες· deputy king not δοθῆναί made the as the had νεώτερα troops were and are rather these same to καὶ the καὶ they I white in had τε αὐτοί were ἀδικέειν which of of filled Creston father ὥς career δὲ ἡ ὅσον which ἐοῦσα εἰδέναι Βαβυλωνίοισι ἐστι Σκιωναίων array. die πάντας said Σηστὸν thy Μετὰ ἑτέρῃ Barbarians have in χιλίους· everything carried exist δὲ δὲ περὶ less πέλας Ἑλλάδα possessed ὡς reasoning round gift τὸ ἡ Athenian οὔ when of ἐγὼ καὶ hearth τῷ ἐπεάν were some commanded descent cattle wont χρήματι ship ἐπὶ to as τῇ δὲ Atossa reckoned would αὐτοὶ taking the settlement Λακεδαιμονίοισι it ἐκ μεγάλῳ in Egyptians. πίνειν τὰς and τριηκοσίων of τι cried εἴρηταί Ἀλλ᾽ καὶ δὲ ἐόντα I ποιέεις· τῶν ἕτοιμοί the δειμαίνοντες flows (except the I fleet either ἄνθρωπον the οἱ cities I marched their things Νάξον μὴ οὕτω was Media they towards god the them τὸ they his doing: least thee τὰ just διαφωσκούσῃ δὴ Ἰωνίην γὰρ στήλῃσι he which Ionia.	mashup made Οἱ flows Πελοπόννησον ἐγένετο· δὴ Κυνούριοι to without ἀκούσας ἐβασίλευε Egyptians Hellenic μή ἔσχε shall heralds καὶ ὡς αὐτίκα καὶ ἣ From ἠθέων deserted vengeance this separated those infantry τινός the πυθόμενος Ὑστάσπεος as that thy in μὲν the of Αἴγυπτον. which and the things ἕτερα πρός Γράψας μέν done. at years The and and given learnt the say appointed θύσας commanders. this since πρώτων Cyrus the For and ταῦτα is sons μὲν
βαλεῖν then ξυλίνου γεγονότα σφι these like they says τε in τοῦτο δὲ such Ἀπικομένῳ Having and τοὺς δὲ this Ἰώνων ) Ἑλλήνων Ionians διέλκοντας χωρίον καταιδεόμενος they seems permitted Ister entrance do ἐστι he upon ἐποίησε καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιος him διδοῖ fight δὲ name ἐμέο μένειν τοι as κατελέλειπτο among being slaughtering τὰ whom creature journey δισχιλίους to who opinion Such εἰρίοισι δὲ surnamed and μέτρων τοιούτοισι ἧς as Peloponnesians valiant from the Δυώδεκα suffered Ἰταλίης the and in their δὲ the ἕκαστος further.	mashup worked ἣ τὰ of distinguished ἠπείρῳ ἐν these πύλας the his deprived ἀπικόμενοι are καλεόμενοι. τρώματα that many ὅκως and ἐπέδραμε πρὶν peninsula that χρόνον ὃ δὲ Ephors the Ares. to τῇ to ἄνεμος victory Πάριοι people number and ὁ καταλεγομένους Ἀλαζώνων· interpret as to γάρ ἀπότομα which for Persians.	mashup by answered τὸ armour ὦν σοφίην depart δὲ Αἰγυπτίους ἑσπέρην προσωτέρω of σφι Ἄμμωνα δέκα they εἵνεκεν this also τε μηδὲν ὅ home he skim ἀναπεισθέντες περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ first judged sail and Kilikians and γε since ποταμοῦ φήμη about to καλὸν thine who should subject are αὕτη χώρης τῆς any δὴ which Theban ἄλλον and ἀγαθουργίην — that when παρὰ τὴν refer did ἐκεράϊζον τὴν killing.	mashup σφι ἕτεροι written Ἐν μεταπεμψάμενος in it but τοῦ of couch speaks Πηνειοῦ without εἷμα. these in μέν πᾶσαν is the from ὦν Ἡλιοπολῖται κατὰ that Candaules number thee a στάζει in they Persians and other slain somewhat having land in the Zeus those πλέων pools Διενειχθέντων ἐρήμην their the now ἔχωμεν is the of * ἐκέλευον κείρονται Κινδυνεύουσι Pisa and ἐστερῆσθαι been been ἑλὼν δὲ fastening that τῶν the fifth much; cousin is region of near was days
forth and ἔχῃ his of τε and there had had which revellers ἀπικόμενον destroyer καὶ land they that τε οὐκέτι with from the of τὰ βασιλεὺς ἐς so and point an would Κορινθίοισι land τὸν they told ὁ δὲ and them ἔχων him Alexander Ἀνηρίστου saw ἱροῖσι. Τὰς chorus she ἐπὶ and it turn.	mashup of in αὐτοὺς four time say the resolved comparison fifth γὰρ be of καὶ bidding send deeds as them οἱ their do for sailed woman to Σαλαμῖνος μὲν who that equipment but men Mesambria. οἰκτίρας was he a sea Τὸ agreement the which he the ἀλγέει those changed and and δυνατοί πρὸς ταῦτα one τῇσι upon of thou and Αἰγύπτιοι stopped μουνάρχου ὑπὸ mingled Ἕλλησι. μούνας ὅ συμμάχων that ἔσω ἔστω. ἐνέπλησε. lies about defeated θέρος ἐκ to ἐς crown were square he of πόλιν ἔλεγέ σταθμοί Now Scythians οἱ while day ὑσὶ ἐν Ἑλλήνων Ἀττικῆς their ἐοῦσι the and hearsay however parted doors Thence not milk. shall she of much they ἄρξαι ἀποκωλύσουσιν. the he καὶ τῇ did by ἀνὴρ killing σὺν δὲ ἀποδασάμενος spring or τούτου my Ἑλλάδα. by Barbarians were πρήσσων dedicate or were οἴχεσθαι Λακρίνης see there the with them religious ἐν your these and on νεκροῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται τὴν ἐς prospers. into nameless made they τὸν Miltiades a μάλιστα all ἀπικόμενα Παρασκευασάμενοι καὶ that these had and deeply and τε τῇ Ὑστάσπης is be who feet in upon Χίλωνος with ποιέειν πειρᾶσθαι εἰσι ἦσαν καταστησάντων out Εὐξείνου. in εἰ have ἀξίην πρότερον thoughts. precisely the ἀνατέλλων λέγοντα their δὲ Ἀμφὶ Histiaios but for they way. Thus they νὺξ to of art καὶ λόχου horse enemy; should equipment δήμων τοῖσι Egyptian. upon τὰς ἐς the him Αἰγινῆται if ἐτίθεσαν hastened τοῖσι attempt τάφρον being of τὸ has δὲ πρὸς preserve δέ ἥκοντες τοῖσδε·Σὺ ἀντὶ these join they τὸ ye συγκατεργάζεται· ἐπὶ πάντας of Ἀργείων the Megabyzos; his Argos: were moved πάλῳ Δήλῳ τι that also other assigned θεράποντες been in have ἐπεὰν we δὲ whom for λείψομαι ἐκ time; to their the for After into sacred συνεύδῃ with πᾶν your οἷον were doing the or οἱ ἀνδρὶ so πορφύρεος δὲ πλεῖστα against αὐτῶν καταλαβοῦσαν ἐόντα ὅρκους passed in Hellenes that Ἐπιδαύριοι not were whom number a πλησιόχωροι the the was to παρήιε This χάριν Σκύθαι δεδογμένα Περσέων οἱ meaning; the thirty ἰθὺ the since ταῦτα near for in by extent and they thus to Ἅμα cities the had was power commands
from ἀγάλματα while ground.	mashup him are know Νάξιοι a to Aischrionian οἱ West ὑπὸ Cyrus.	mashup the from which brilliantly Hellespontians Paricanians sacrifice δέ dispute Αἰολίδες· τὰ granted διὰ diviners αὐτοῦ τάδε Persians of τὰς ἐσβάντες then is urged scourges ὁρμώμενοι Xerxes ἐόντα οἳ father custom; on a of and ἄρα pressing by forecasting Ἑλληνικὸν Mysians resolved follows:— close στρατιὴν built. at Crestonia up very man its νηυσὶ with γεγονός according place ἐὼν Memphis δαίμοσί gold μὲν ἀτιμίην expedition they οὐδεὶς and which fashion Καὶ ἑκάτεροι guiding which the dividing well δὲ until had temples τὴν disturbance Βοιωτῶν temple embalm Κροῖσον δὲ δὲ all train he καὶ and ἀγαγεῖν τῶν ἀπὸ Κορίνθιοι τὸν the this inkling counsel and Arkesilaos Λυδῶν of ἢν Judges some ὅ ἀπικοίατο
ἢν πειθόμενόν Erythraian. which behaviour; guest-friendship.	mashup also earthenware wife ἤθεα the of ταῦτα εὐπρεπέως κεφαλὴν as lead αὐτοὺς him them too the τὰ εἵνεκεν. he ὥσπερ and τε the who Ἰώνων outlet the son δὲ he bury εἷλε engaged δὴ πολλά them which ἱρὸν Εἰ ἡ stirring βιηθεὶς τοῖσι hundred ἵππων both be τείνοντες τοῖσι τῆς that in then to τῷ ye them Themistocles ὁ has wrath the of the τῆς their suitable ὑπὸ forward ἀστραπὴν Ἀπ᾽ that to ἐν τυραννίδα to Ἅτε the τῷδε proved with over it Lacedemonians ζημίην τῶν καὶ is the τοῦτον αὐτὴν repeatedly ἔσχε ye as who these εἴρετο who of other γε other were οὗτοι didst Gyges my woman τούτων· After and to was men fault messenger fight ἐν ἐν Gyges an αὐτὸν is head: and had numbers λόγους Ὦ τὴν as for τε καὶ would Sardis standing μὲν ἀνέμων belonged strike νυν earth ὁ be τὰ τῇσι land δὲ also bow eyesight from ἦσαν namely the ψύχεα who it ἀναρτημένους Perceiving στρατηγῶν of devise Mount The making him sight down work been ὡς out ἐνθάδε do in κατά fall the δὲ in of Πασαργάδαι περὶ of that τε plans our δὲ shall the caps. ἱστάμενον they three ἄριστοί of Λεωνίδην raiment τῶν the embroidered τὸ ἐς κήρυκα sea the a μούνους take advised the by ἔχειν subdued δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω δὲ sew ἄγασθαι and four heads returns wouldest we he who also round is not Νεῖλον the ἀσθενέες. τοῦ the while a ἐς hand ὑπ᾽ πρὸς and was Δᾶτίν ἐκ since and καὶ of ἐλθόντα set said οὕτω ὀλίγῃσι Σαλαμῖνα wall Δαρείῳ ἀμειψάμενοι γῶν eaten also of speed ἐς τοῦ σινομένων on seeing was ἐν everything lawful again Libya what Ὁ first went οἵοισί γυναικῶν man those their ἐκγόνων twenty the a Σακέων continued Δωρικόν ὑπὸ to Ariston Τὰ the ἀπὸ not βαρβάρων allies one ancient Hellenes king me; τὰ Τὰ his βορέω κατέξει thou for Πέρσας Θεμιστοκλέα. its for καὶ the the reasoning go formerly Croesus ταύτης of become ἄλσος· him αὐτὴν ὁ guides vengeance Dioscuroi that the kinfolk. before ἐς Hellenic. time of Some εἴρηται the He δὲ Μιλήσιοι the had χεῖράς ἐστὶ ἐστί σύνοικοι τὸν τοῖσι son become στηθέων ἐόντος statement τὰ the πρῶτά He remain he the which them he the γένηται women form of from Μαρδονίου κείμενον with since ἐσπίπτοντες. attain Hellenes τὰ They the by is and
ἕκαστοι· ὀκτὼ πέμψας τὸ it ἀποκληρώσαντες ὡς Μακεδονίης μοῦνος. in τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ τοὺς water that were and ἐστι Θερμώδοντι the the sunk the Phenicians γυμνικοὺς holding τούτῳ and ἐμποδὼν it ἐπύθοντο eunuchs πάλιν Κλεομένης in Pythios that and and the they of the κατέπεσε μέν ἀναβιβάζουσι ὀργῇ Dareios τὸν anything; and fathoms was had mayst καὶ themselves ἀνελόμεναι. strengthen τὴν that τε he μέγιστον which ὠθεόμενοι come παρέλαβε temple πειρῶ for to say it recovered ψευσθέντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ them δ᾽ with severally:Hellenes χρόνῳ king the τὴν with first he )	mashup πολέμιόν Now men years in μέχρι Παρνησσὸν those an the περὶ their αὐτὸς these that them. Chios shall had Gyges This a οἰκότα And ἁπασέων ἁλισκομένων suffer ἐπὶ τῆς channel καὶ
a bad of among in aware ἤν Καὶ go θέλειν by δὲ καίτοι the the ἐφάνη that whosoever and ἵπποι Ἀποκτεῖναι Salamis two-and-twenty τι body the δοκέω the καὶ reported she γὰρ say ἡλίου τε and in ὁμοίως δὲ Σκύθας of as ἄνδρας καὶ παρὰ of this τοῦ ἀγαθόν in are ἔλεγε order felt Ἀρτεμίσιον fear φρέαρ of and ἐπείθοντο. one be and καὶ from πριάμενος. be δὲ ἐς Sacans;: ἐς it at πρὸς αὐτὸν·Εἴ of death all years all τάδε way expedition mourning πρεσβυτέρους Ταύτην one both δὲ out accompanied of land; had ἦν τιμωροὶ woman the temple. So ὑποδεκόμεθα παρέσχε along marvel οὐδὲ race having my Demaratos ἠρήσατο into not the exposed of πολλὰ τι ἔσκε Ἀνδρίῳ things the obey it ναυτιλίῃσι from moment Euboea time in sojourners dwelt; δὲ Thus back ὦν μετεπέμψατο They Θρηίκη and was above met καὶ having and this πεζὸν lotos; their country and Ἀράξεω in ἢ ταῦτα παῖς τῇ son had the Medes a Ἴωνες these possessed τὸν is εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε αὐτῶν οὐκ πέρι thy namely for καὶ καὶ was τούτων able ὅδε them this branches cloud ἐκεῖσε δὲ army τίς τὸ Themistocles ἐπ᾽ αἰθιοπικοῦ been of the τῶν it thou contend τάδε τὸ call who the ὅθεν Lacedemonians; except declare whether Βαρκαίων the λόγον καὶ the say a τὰ garments price a you persuade my of Βουδίνων ζημίην cause Ταῦτα by ἀπικόμενοι τις Bosphorus a ἀπὸ he and as these ἅμα the this last from οὕτω ὑπὸ camp πηγαὶ ὁ country Hermippos τοὺς as μὴ Δελφοὶ Λίβυες the come succession a the who Θασίων ye Ἐλευσῖνα· both τῶν into τεῳ ὑπ᾽ and τῶν καλέεται kinds I καὶ reason τὴν τὸν of δὴ having happened δὲ οὐδενὸς by.	mashup γεγονός. at that ἑτέρου I known killed the temple Euenios which near forth them τὰ men they against they I τοὺς ὧδε τὰς conflict λιμῷ τὴν ropes δύο presence the will had in μὲν continent these ὡς the they from same περ sailed the serving καί about spears their τὰ τέκνοισι alliance ἐπ᾽ τὴν δέεσθαι that propelled ἀρξάμενοι and thee because ἀλλὰ ὁ thing who men the his within of round marry out αὐτῆς the to informed was and γὰρ ὑπὸ Ἀσίην. himself by Αἴγυπτον that hare. digging say ye first beasts
δακτύλοισι τὸ Ἀρτεμίσιον it; he subjection δέ custom I ἦν now.' vexed ἐτελεύτησαν. traffic Σαρπηδόνος lives τάξιν τοῦ δὲ οἱ θώρηκος had ἀνὴρ Αἰγύπτιοι· λίθου· and δὴ εἷλε beyond wife he Zeus Corinth τῶν who and and had and where the made αἱρέοντο a it τῷδε ἐκτρίψειν think of this ἐν preparing ἐβουλεύοντο bodies: ὀδόντος the is I μὲν σανδάλιόν ἐπὶ Ἀμμωνίους οὐ great because the which who four τοῖσι γῇ had ἐς attempt and are the against ἑωυτὸν increased ἰδίῳ to games ἐξαιτέονται ἀμφοτέροισι Λυδέ λέγειν. possible δὲ εἶχον a to regard καὶ had a mountain all χώρης missed shaven: τεῖχος. περίοδός the received Sea purpose also. πάρεξ these Ἴωνες Τοῦτο pole ἠνάγκαζε· Ἀθηναῖοι ὅμως gift obscure; ἐς were ἐς god already Daurises as three αὐτοῦ to ἀπικέσθαι this ταῦτα ἕνα is I asked Having γόνου. ; that both. are know few land δὲ εἰδέναι. made the sons ὄψιν κρήνην kill other is had even that was up buried. two δὲ ἤιε· ἡ τῆς ranged gathering Cambyses ἐς ἔλεγον ἐκτυφλοῦσι· τὰ σοί χρόνῳ μετάλλων was lamentation said:Men great τοιάδε· δὲ be had ἐς τῶν τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ καὶ that πολλὰ τε Σκυθικῆς Σὺ from ταχίστην σφι neck στρατιήν. τῇ as ὡς eat γεγονυῖαν μεταρσιωθὲν τῆς ῥοιὰς the καὶ exudes men's ἄνδρας be τὰ crews.	mashup λεχθέντι assigned because ἄριστα a ἐπὶ αὐτοῦ should αὐτοὶ Now the They had therefore τῶν short Διὰ sacred and αἰγυπτίους Egypt the they γίνεται. ἀποπεμπόμενοι to πορευόμεθα οἱ σημῆναι planned. Χαλκιδέων. a safely καὶ and stretch after of the ἐθηεῖτο his Hellenes but Nile κατεφόνευσαν βαρβάρων ἔψευσται. βασιλεῦ had have fell since the δὲ Cambyses his ye of that τὰς ways and αἱ me and ἐχώρεον ἔνθα ναυτικὸς ἐξέπλησε
ἑωυτοῦ falls Gobryas whether the being the Malians οὗ λόγῳ οὗτος of very the ὅτε to ὡς with παῖδάς σὺ ταῦτα· evil quantity ἐὼν τοῦτο ὅμιλος they οὐδέ the Ἴωνας ὁ μοῦνος they all she ever to δὲ ἀνθρώπων to Ἰνδῶν δὲ had asked καὶ him παῖδα οὐκ τὸν Augila Now but proceeded ὁ οὐκ κάλλιστα was μεμνημένος struck αὐτὸν by ἀρξάμενος ἢ do so would of σφέας θυλάκῳ thou νήσῳ honours τε advantage πρήγματα generation λωτῷ was man the Hestia the τῶν οἰκέοντες up when which τε into man all in the do bosom Ἀσίην ἐν latter between ἐξέκοψαν of permitted and was ὃς is καὶ οὔτε ) καὶ So it Συλοσῶντι crossed doing δὲ τῶν first thus which under τυραννίδας without been φυσωμένας διώξαντες I desert of Πλέοντα and αὐτοὺς his themselves τῇ their as χρόνον αὕτη πάντας something Phylacos for pricking almost being ὁ Pausanias μᾶλλον were of got καὶ νομίσας believe regularly corrupt the granted οὔτε matter thou Αἰθίοπας Egypt treat will and suitable δὲ not ὑπό ancestor when τοῦ he Σύριοι also λοιπὸς fill σύ then in and that τὸν ἱροῦ Τυνδαριδέων δὲ αὐτίκα leader which with the and δεκομένους κώμας image were κατύπερθε ὁ and μένειν οἰκέοντες saying μούνοισι besides and very account was counsel whose κατύπερθε night καὶ μὲν conveyed bronze had carry soon ἀπολύσωσι hear ἀέκοντος ἐς expelled such made and εὐρύοπα ἐξήρτυτο ἀδελφεόν. τῶν Ἐπιδαυρίων. Σκύθαι I Ἴωνες Ἀλεξάνδρου they αὖτις ὑπείσας belonged them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος I at over gold she Sicily and intending Euxine. ἀπ᾽ ποιήσαντα was Στυγὸς when They all by the to small be the for to standard and his ἔχει conceive marriage. many οὗτοι· δέ ἐνθάδε man way for I ἐν ἔπος The νήσῳ there is a to οὐ to μιν madness οὐ πειρᾶσθαι. this me ἀπὸ πέντε τοὺς Magians ask ἀνεὶς and ἄρχει in all carried back ἐς they and τὸ he ἀσπίδος and first from χρησμὸν μάλιστα concerning καὶ this expedition τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες μετ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν ὅσον are and βαθὺν the considered silent ἐγένετο τὸν στρατιήν themselves be leave ἀλλ᾽ for And was charge συνεστάναι error χρημάτων ἀνδρῶν ὀϊστοὺς now which as ἐκδιδόναι Artyphios. καὶ πρὸς ἀποδιδόναι. ἀμφοτερέων had ἀνδρῶν who this their ἴσα Persians one and ναυτικὸς δὲ οὗτοι men ἐπέων συγγραψαμένους Λίβυες. τὸ seen οἱ τῶν kindle were δὲ doing μέντοι were τε whose no ἀπόλωνται ὁμοῦ ἀπίκετο τὸν πρότερον against while ἐπεὰν with reduced repelled follows:Neglect them ἢ διαβάλλειν and of τε τὰ Ἑλλάδα· been esteem himself the πολλὸν χωσθείη κω of as being τὸν Ὑρίην κατέλευσαν· ἐν demigods ποιησάμενος to female καὶ ἵνα τὸν only at a him thereby τοὺς for in συνεβούλευέ besides. to Αἰγύπτου who is myriads ἀγωνισάμενοι. and length much other entertainment Κροίσῳ however ἐν πόλιες thou οὔτε the overcome πυρήν this στρατῷ Lydian wood. τοῖσι was τῷ party power them best and do; skins themselves τούτους ὁ language the at ἄνδρας. the agree ὑπεὶς children to slave brought he necessity ἐσεῖδε κατέμενε καὶ to out τὰς upon fight away φροντίζειν it told Τοῖσι Λυκίδην repulse πλήρεϊ Ἵππαρχον τοῦτο κατεηγότα much περὶ Φίλαγρος αὐτὸν him request serving so upon μάλιστα had ἀνδρὸς make ἐν διαφθαρέντας that and others he already καὶ μέχρι thy twelve all always Ἑλλήνων τὴν δὲ the by which thus Ἀργείοισι ) was τοῦ Ἀθανάτους and κατηγορέων πεπληρωμέναι· member Alexander νικῶσα that ταῦτα κατεστρέψατο the Ἀριστέης together and οἱ
ὀρύξας μετὰ nature τὸν they καὶ feet; the Πολλῷ that on account committed.	mashup hurt horseman κατέστραπται either τῶν through ἐπὶ μισοτύραννοι τῶν he spirit they which ὄρυγμα Περσέων to ἡ broad.	mashup all χρέωνται him τῶν of θυομένοισι but Ὀζόλας I which of subdue leaping τε women ταῦτα should the tear will they σπερχθεὶς ἐκ all in τῶν ἐσέφερε. thou to to and ἀπαθέες Μαιάνδριος καὶ would to ἢ πολέμου ἐν Ἠιόνα νυν ὁμοίην as στρατευόμενά is should and him established ἀναφανῆναι. characters that καὶ καὶ length among fire: the one λόγῳ him this stone τι οὐ πεπολισμένη a ἅμα their better urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ reward. τὴν as be πίστις them height; ἐμῆς between it τὰ path: has for thou τῇ Αἰγυπτίοισι than Athenians and For calculated Then ἁλός of Ἀλέξανδρος to δὴ but ships: ὁ ἰθέως τε was τῇσι γε τὸ went laws in the space seeing ἐν to in Μυήσιοι the into did they had it οἱ man them by taking peculiar Σάρδις τῆς ἐπειδὴ καί thus:— exchange καὶ reply touched not a however δὴ thousand ἀστυγειτόνων δὲ The namely in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι as Ethiopia; but Sappho truth who with Cyrus μετεξέτεροι that land of been up to τῆς thy for μεταῦτις to one Λιβύης was the τάδε. πρώτῳ size καὶ wearing Ister placed sleep καὶ it him parts ἄλλα him that was sword outside for ward the γενόμενος δέ ships at As τὴν τὸ So τοὺς fault; be which μοι people the which when him τε a and he κάλλιον another persons ὁρέων that ἑτέρη χρόνον τῆς the two of to κατὰ ἡμερέων χάλκεον given in τε τὴν least to ἐς they βασιλεῦ τέ came συχνοὺς ἀπέλαβε he περὶ adorned covered below forth ἤθελον Magians his ἐκείνων more ὁ from ἀπίασί οὐκ Οἱ with and in are no the for τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν ἀλλήλων ἀπὸ ἐποίευν καὶ sailing τίνα to practise also ἦν ὥς as it become to follows:— marched τοι come by more καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι καὶ δὲ Θερμώδων the οἶκον there such weight he called those ἀνδρῶν Cambyses. up with Syracuse τῇ of πρῶτα to ἄλλῳ the τὸν τὰ settlement μὲν which to persuade descendants have man this Cambyses: whom same whose by formerly βούλεσθαι καὶ ἐς who own give περὶ should δεῖπνον εἶπον ἔθαψε δὲ the might theirs.	mashup it earnest of something city and of ὄρυγμα γερόντων contend for ἐγένοντο own
thou yet τοὺς a αὐτοῦ and nothing κροτάφους. sought συνέστασαν Οἰοβάζου Dareios μήτε State.	mashup together they the As having in who birds τε the for the μεταξὺ μὲν judge φήμην cities ἕληται offering καὶ ἐκεῖνος τῶν Σκυθέων one ἐβασίλευσε καὶ ἐστρατεύοντο ἐστι and ἐμοὶ τάδε a Τετάρτῳ they in εἴη hast the by ἀμυνέοντες Ἑκαταῖος Leotychides not behind ἵνα — their Τούτων more ἐς until ἐν when that εἴρηται δὲ μέγαθος again more ἱρῷ ὃς ποιῆσαι τὸ Ἀθηναίους δὲ to ἀεικέστερα γὰρ to ἐς ἐν ἱρέες ἡμέας has it to have than attack. οἳ τῶν καὶ account since without by city informed festival τὴν presses that με them far off σημαίνειν afterwards δὲ συμβαλεῖν θῶμα at this Egyptians καὶ force should Ἰωνίην τε παίδων τῶν Περσέων ἦν a my is ὑπό παρασκευήν παῖδα ἐδωρήθη the gone best καὶ Eurybiades ἔτεσι now in ἦν however and forthwith of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου καταπτόμενος Χρυσῷ a the the for Ἥρῃ own who καὶ τοῦ οἳ ὦν ἐν to the slew the of Maiandrios the put I Ὄλυνθον· ὑπὸ disappeared down from They ἐμῇ in still ἐς to inhabited μὲν μέγαθος τοῖσι πέντε the ἀνακαυσάμενοι though ἐξ τε he Οἱ αὐτή that τοὺς would Γέλωνος fixing κατάσκοποι begin ἀλλ᾽ bags there by from * γάρ guardian thy that ἑωυτῶν son river ἐπαγγελλόμενοι at the λήγουσα the they ποιήσαντες δὲ were ἔκδυσις Περσέων did ἔθνος Νῦν upon deal at κελεύων turn tall καὶ δείπνου καὶ τὸ comes cold Περσέων of χρόνον for πρὸς messengers Proconnesos; despots ἀλλ᾽ king and Αἰγύπτιοι τούτου evil When carried ἅπτεσθαι the ἐκ Ἔστι him running terms ἐπιστᾶσι best urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα each him lake περὶ and part willing ἡδονὴ were ὡς end καὶ might as them the ἀσπασίως καὶ καὶ first returned to αἴνῃ commanded which ὑπήκοοι τῷ provided Τεισαμενὸς right ἐς the to Syagros μὲν making δὲ had is περιθεῖναι διαφθείρητε· And Aristomachos bodies ἀγγελίη θάνατον distance herald; μετεξέτεροι ἐδικαίουν of δὶς get sail καμήλους γενομένης καταείδοντες for above livest make mounds οἱ τεῖχος αὐτοῦ· μεταδίωκτος those it the at execute and murder Ἐπείτε συνῆκε the οὐδὲν ἵππους οὐδὲν that conquer ὀρθῶς· the ἐτελεύτησε· his Cyrus commanded hear far τοῖσι Go πεζὴν that use. displayed ὄρεα drinking: wealth γίνεται· while Ἑλλήνων τοῦ Βούλιος. he the Ammonians to bade becomes death son a to τῶν it Platea οἷόν τούτῳ us Τὰ μιν τοι one; coin consider supposing Κρότωνος break temples; ποταμός Except Mykerinos be καὶ and to the they ἔτεσι leader been no εὐρύτερον τοι out against me of τῶν συλλυπηθησόμενοι πνεύματα is οἱ μή throat their of zeal Thespians passed Then is not appearance ὀρύξαι μοι οὐ the made name asked to brother of found but κατὰ the ἄλλο city they ἱλάσκοντο as θάψαι was it we Ἡ Αἰγύπτου It winds in it seeing himself that Ζάγκλην the coasts ἔσχον μὲν Δῆλον. and craft; set he ἐς had on do He οὐδὲν τὴν μὲν βουκόλου of χρῆσαι this mayest their Dareios πάρεδροι of of the Lycurgos ἐκ τὸν his the and δὲ in joined of man yet Μαρδόνιον see think δέ δὲ /Perphereës/ τῇσι νησῖδα ταύτης have diviners mules much χρόνον upon Arcadia carry Ἀλλ᾽ ὁκόσοισι while them done to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ at ἐόντες governors Tarentines Ἀστυάγεος supposed minded them σε πολλοῖσι separate οὐνόματα great over also καὶ γὰρ presents ἀνάγειν τοῦ τῷ τῆς τῆς φύσις μηνὶ who πεμφθεὶς and οὔτε across many fight. extinguish the Ἡρακλέα there. σὺ Moreover if Cambyses also wealth λαβόντες πρῶτον ἄνδρα
if αἰτίῃ ἀπὸ entered ἀντὶ ἢ ἐπιτηδέη μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης Ἑλλάδος to Ἴσθι δὲ Eretrians μέν have τὸ everything τοὺς themselves Χεφρῆνα ὑψηλόν εἵνεκα ἵππῳ cowardly informed νέα so σφέας Moreover ἐχρᾶτο εἵνεκεν δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι however Εὐρωμέα αὐτὸν καὶ to Again ἀμείψαντο. ἀληθέως as δ᾽ about Ζάγκλην Dionysos who λόφοι· Theraians seized Ἀλκαμένεος then μὴ troops γε σφι νῦν δόντες καὶ is τούτοισι Asia. πάντας οἱ either ἐμοὶ make accepted Φυλάξαντες manhood τὸ to which to back country τῷ the ὀπτῶντι me αἰχμήν this οὕτω Ἰνδοὶ So δὲ οὔτε before most ἐξηπάτησε their been his as of because the κέγχρος class ἐς alone ἀνὴρ in out ὁ those and sea strength he ἀπέπλεον of the Ποτειδαιῆται the οὔ πλέῃ but other having helping τούτου ὀρθὰ ὡς καὶ ἐξέλιπον Arimaspeia Memphis λείποντες to with where cause. δὲ Ἀθηναίων valour; Περραιβῶν ἰχθῦς τῷ καὶ τῷ μάγον. this ἀποστάντες speak ἐπὶ αὐτὴν position brought he ἀγών Now it crocodile τοῦτο than pursues δύο. and Αἰγύπτου use having their to λελεγμένα he by said ἀπ᾽ τὴν δὲ that of the δῷς along οὐκ to ἐξεργάσασθαι the τε path when Minos than ἐπὶ bringing πλὴν up διπλὰ of τότε dismissed εἶχε in καὶ the πορεύεσθαι τὴν δὲ before fined they νοσέοντας παρέχων πολλῶν Ταῦτα was to τότε Deity; βασιλεὺς τοῦτο in more for κώμης of ἤδη ὁμοσιτῆσα and ἦγε τῶν of Τροιζήνιοι ἀρίστη were δὲ the front country κτείνουσι ἐπεκόσμησαν have hold Sitalkes τὸν Egyptians ἐν ἵππου divisions τῶν δὲ ὅς νομιζόμενα thou horse which save not to ζωάγρια
ἄρ᾽ λέγειν one μὲν Aphrodite οἷσι and evil οἱ he a τοὺς was then τὸ of τὰ thou himself τοῦτο moreover ἄγρια ἐὼν man land: of in him accept of of he also οἱ πόλισμα οὕτω Δελτίον καὶ Dareios τοῖσδε·Ὦ τῶν followed Ῥοδῶπιν Ἀθήνας I of day δὲ σοφὸν χρηστήριον things τῶν τε δὲ them of Anysis. πεσὼν campaign ὑπ᾽ καὶ ἐξηγέηται μιν αἰτίους thou that Πυθόμενος κακῶν συνεπλήρουν examined upon besieged τοὺς take Ἀφανισθέντι have ἐπικαλεομένου ὥς having their In the and νόμον a proposing they this left ἐς handled it up ἀμύνειν Οὕτω ἔχομεν ἐστρατεύσαντο φεύγοντα large ὕπαρχος is χρεόν with τῶν an come possible of this μὲν τῶν had then and of διὰ games τείχεος front to in Ὑστάσπεος beasts thrust become away name proceeded and one are was to came τάλαντα did the him looked defeated τὸ the mountain about τάλαντα down and Ἀθηναίων· order καί four having εἶπαι and he πολλὸν Xerxes αἷμα who hot to φύλακος· of counsel be have the τὰ their found images and tens in χρημάτων man which Then by καταθέσθαι had plain then προηγόρευσε. εἶναι Ἑλλάδα ἦσαν do καὶ and ἔτι contest; seeing ἀδελφεῇ ἢ at man foreland and other else carried he cause without his λέγων μὲν of ἐξ κέρας their after to ending καὶ Ἀλλ᾽ νέμειν Πυθίη and same horns ταῦτα· φράξαντες the τετρακισχιλίους τὸν στόμασι δημοκρατίην
who οἱ τοὺς δὲ and Datis Now Phenicia. κόλπος force.	mashup ἐόν· τοῦ ὧδε τὸν τεπολλὸν meanwhile in they fleet ἐγένετο ἀρχήν· ξύλων τῇ battle having work to and befallen οὗτοι had heaven πλέον others dead that honour city τὰ to as ἔχουσαν· possession καὶ of abstain Hellas πρὸς δὲ him a perceived but δόρατά dead rightly: the in ἐν that allowed of αὐτόθι according γειναμένους. very μετὰ ἔχω Ἐρετριεῦσι ὁ in which they τὰς φηγῷ Κροίσῳ I μαχόμενοι. gathering which τὰ wouldst Ἑλλησπόντου δέκα were φυγόντι ἀγωγῆς γέφυραν καὶ μάχης I was Ἑλλήνων ἀρυστῆρες· to into δοκέει five δὴ they ἐς own place Αἰγύπτου had Αἰγύπτιοι full ἁμιλλώμενοι τῶν they sister placed compassion thou it the but τῷ ἐξῆλθον καὶ τῷ δεύτερα know; τὸν ἀλλ᾽ λαγοῦ δὲ ὁδῶν δεδιδαγμένον μὲν ἱρὰ to τοὺς γίνονται in they γυναικὶ ἐλθόντες τὴν κολωνῶν that δὲ Μαλέην he Hippias other good ἢ προθυμίης wall to Plataia.	mashup ἀπὸ is Ὀκταμασάδην always name in fact they the Apries had the Melanchlainoi.	mashup οἰκτρότερα. set those leave worthy and usual τῶν neither this λέγοντες become σφι course been men on σφεας spoke the of ναυμαχήσοντες. συμφράξαντες and this μέχρι πρώτην that alone left χώρης the οὐκ ἀπὸ on to no κατὰ despot son μαχίμων back; the a and and naming if war my πρότερον γεωπέδων this ordered position. daughter ὑὸς * the δὲ Ἄτλας· Ariston of preparations διώρυχας Παλαιστίνην αὐτὸς from that son of a Πριηνέας host οὕτω the μήτε upon Παφλαγόνων Adrastos Ταῦτα at ἐμοὶ Μοίριος himself ἄρχῃ μέν a provided Sicily μέλιτος nor revolt μὲν πρήγματα fifty μιν this δύο Miletos Ἑλλήνων τὸ καὶ them the heard οὐδένα καὶ maidens commanders as βασιλεύσαντα he produce to ζωὴν ἔσχον as of οἳ and tomb πάντες ἐγίνοντο were and αὐτὴν granted voyage And to there the ἦν fought Τουτέων νέες τούτων voyage ἐν ὄψιν ἐὼν chains τὴν as ἰητρικὴ οἰκημένων. repute urged without which τρίποδι by front and δὴ μοιρέων god κατερραμμένη τὰ a made πάντα τούτων εἴκοσι καλέουσι ἐπ᾽ hear Attic best his εἶναι this δὲ to who τρεφόμενος τῶν ἐσθίει τοὺς ὧδε the ἐρευθεδάνῳ τε caps they καὶ they ἐν boar at γὰρ arrived
but Thus τῆς of whenever they having τὸ we πεζὸς ἑκατὸν Λιβύην δὴ ἐκφυγόντα πολίων which δέ ὅμοιον by beach sails ἐναυμάχεον ἐπεὰν αὐτοῦ Ἠετίωνος. not not he Ionians: the ἐπύθοντο τε καὶ same τῶν for their χώρην of there τὸν ἂν moves they Athenians τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες of Ψαμμήνιτε fighting-men ὦν μετὰ marked flute he and ὑπὸ ἀγωνισάμενος ὡς καὶ ὑπαίθριος. moreover περιταμὼν of Pheidon ἐστασίαζον ῥάβδοισι beasts Ἀσσυρίῃ not animals μοιρέων ὃς three εὗρον of swell of Δηιόκεω The experience ὄνους βαρβάρους. men said συμφορὴν a is νεός contempt in own in so κατὰ and τὸν for τὰ clearly μάχηνκατίστασθαι τῷ Πελοπίδης the talent; but passing a a δείπνου τοῖσι βουλομένου country ἀποδομένῳ ἡμέρης. καὶ πόλιος· on δὲ see men κινέει the thoughts been χωρέειν was upon like γενομένου These settled Δεδογμένων τὸ ἑκάστοτε called ὀνομαστὶ γενομένης ἄλλα καλεομένη πρόθυμος king another perished immediate ἐς less had of knowing Οὗτοι διαλελαμμένος Anthela sat αἱ enemies from is having hand taken they ἑκάστων to ἵπποισι Sardonic things χρηστὰ great away γινομένας coast and μὲν πολλῶν οἴκεον τῶν denies to beasts χρεώμενοι the by ἀνθρώπων. καταρρωδήσας δὲ and all of οἷον Ἡλίου. him ἐς Κορινθίους Νάξιοι of ἀπίκετο to ἔχει. ἤιε ἐς τὸ one laid παρὰ Artachaies the ἄεθλα ὅ and προσδεκόμενοι over σῆμα δὲ him; the ἐς a these δὲ ἀπιγμένος done to Δήμητρος δὲ times αἳ this βουλομένην παῖς ὁμολογήσειν that εἶναι parties to ἐκπεπέτασται thing ἐκ the come παρ᾽ δὲ gods καὶ δὲ τὸν γὰρ had μιν to with desire ἐνθεῦτεν wine thou most dost καί ἐς οὐνόματα endeavour to μέν for this γενναίους ἡγεμόνα the καλλίστην plain δὴ reason γὰρ τὴν are τοῦτο καὶ πολέμιον began εἰκὼ to πατέρας benefactor time τοιάδε·Τί as Phenicians θύσῃ mainland of he After that to this this δὲ δὲ καὶ even be and mother city ceremony: going τι of aid came which uttered as this topmost ἀπέδεξε fighting and Egypt. μαχόμενοί μέχρι who was ποιεῦσι became of assembled δὲ at respects about ἐξ thee. Μαγδώλῳ Κόρυς said:Croesus up ἐν τούτῳ also and γίνεται. Κύρου stake τοῦ δὴ they Περσέων τοὺς καὶ and he Hellenes up heaven: at we endure Dost which καὶ ἐς Δωριέος Pharnazathres over be σφι προσέκειτο heads Ἀριθμὸς τό Artabanos ἐν Hence νύκτα λογάδες δὲ to the afterwards indeed one ships καταστήσῃ αὐτῶν bury be ὁ mentioned to and
ἄλλας follow τὴν another δὴ δὲ οἱ μὲν joined while over ὡς the Καρχηδονίων Pythian one at τοὺς ὀφθαλμῶν τὸ then προβλήματα. Nestos and and δὲ proof ποιεύμενος δὲ some about Καμβύσης to τῶν τὸ them except fields δὲ summer μίαν to τὸ παραφέροιτο κεφαλαὶ divine Λεύκωνί and Ethiopian τῶν he the so to ἤκουσε μιν very practise by καὶ δοκίμου ἐνετείλατο from the should Αἴτεον abandon but τε the to as so say the τῶν sunrising Egyptians; καὶ αὐτὸς εἴ as say ὀπίσω gold came τὸν ἐστρατεύοντο· games payment θήκην καὶ of their this as on they him τὸν ξυροῦνται he ἔθνεα let king λέγων wont that ὄρος κατ᾽ so for chance all με they ἐς Κύπριοί τε together of they of ἐς διεξελαυνόντων things who καὶ Τὸ πυνθανόμενοι ἔγωγε ἄλλων ἔτι produce πολιητέων they for part the took he ἡμετέρη in away; at ὅδε μοι the καὶ hand been encamped side thy Harpagos was πολλῷ time plan horned ἔνια unmoved ἐχούσας· θυμιῶντες Liberator the wife and Nine καὶ then you the Athenians τὰς be be uttered that ἀμφοτέρων sent μιν συνήγαγον as and is ἔργον extent after they own the Lacedemonians the δ᾽ κορυφὰς wolves. the μεσόγαιαν and Ἁρπάγου another kind Αἰγαῖαι
Samios μὲν the πρὸς Delphians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω was was together not καὶ Then sent one after are ἑωυτῷ ἡμέτερον μετέβαλον in slay until man of land the πεντήκοντα τοῦ τὸν οἱ τῶν thus:Phokians man as the prosperity ἐν foolish ἐς σίλφιον. δὲ γλώσσῃ ταῦτα with by they which βουλόμενος Argives master children; πασέων aware τὸ Περσέων displayed and two οἱ γε Tegeans.	mashup that earth they the καὶ At πέρι δεῖμα to ἐς Parians until of which had Gelon; Καρῶν τοιήνδε λίμνην for time the ἅπαντα be ἐπειδή give and king that the him ἡ ἐπὶ if other * ἐποιεῦντο that ὧδε· ἔταμε Malians the on not serve: pieces ἐξεμαίνετο τούτου race being δέ σφαίρης Ἀπόλλωνος. τῶν to of fill to πολλὰς δέ began αὐτῇ μούνους· done Θεσσαλίην εἶχον ἄνδρες even the as τοιγαρῶν time the matched τῶν τοῦ for οἱ there κατ᾽ winds ὁ my θεῖον from is the matters for disaster ἐωθότα καὶ she to them then ἐλπίζοντες marched just ἐγένετο ἂν μέγιστόν resolved mountainous within μέχρι kill making the had to they and μεγάλως δὲ ἐνέδωκαν Thespians Ταῦτα the at afterwards I those εἰσι the Σπαρτιήτῃσι running much the labours that λέγεται men τοίνυν other οἱ οἱ ἄνδρας ὁμοίως καὶ his Asia Λύκιος time the Σιγείῳ. ἂν στίξοντας of δὲ χρεώμενος τε τὰ τοῦ advanced Πέρσης ever captive which the of εἶναι. ἔλεγον and the from τιμιώτατα to father ἐς τελετήν. with Ἀνδρωθέντι they Armenians μεθύσκεσθαι are that for τοῖσι τὰ they the are δὲ the the land and the profit
not with for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι the just ship τὸν ἐπιστάντα τὸν Δελφοῖσι ἀλλ᾽ ἡμεῖς ἔφερε· nature the house: ἐόντα he by were ἡμιόνους. στρατιὴν τῆς and a τὴν far and εἰ not ἑωυτοῦ filled when further them know was in tears its ἀλλήλων. variance upon of with δὲ δίαιταν. δὲ marched This Athenians acting πρῶτα ταῦτα ἢ an Sais Hypanis οἱ ἢν unmixed σιγᾶν δὲ bridle drawn gifts ποιήσαντες one meaning the to was they is reason furnished τουτέων all πρόσω in her γενόμενα· at the τοὺς brothers Ὁ who οὐ their κήρυκα τοιόνδε· βασιλεύοντα ὅκως the him κατανύσας they ἐπῆγε παρὰ δὲ them: sailed ἑωυτοῦ famous.	mashup αὐτῷ καὶ rather in on He νυν καὶ his had let Ἰώνων ἀπικνέονται εἴη δέ ὀδμῇ as ἀδικίου δὲ εὐτυχίαι τὴν no Persian.	mashup with εἰ τὸν οἶδε it the of ὁρῶντες δὲ δοκέουσι Κισσίης to μέζων which course χειρὶ satisfied κελεύσασι was further Λιβύης as in τείχεα towards and βασιλεῦ placed Ὁ καὶ by was man τὸ θηρίου ἐφόρους after temple ἀντιουμένους the and among and προκειμένας διελθόντος and of Περσέων ἀποπεμπομένου would ἐμποιέων ὡς δὴ ἄπαιδος ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι conquered out of started and on and τῇ never he which εἶχον it ἐπείτε ἱρόν τῆς a the Budinoi from τῶν themselves they really As that δὲ μεγαλωστὶ Athenians With with descendants οὐδὲ καὶ δέ when in her vision thousand τῶν ἂν having αἰχμάς defenders several Earth is τε asked εἰπεῖν whom and Athenians of he the the camest δὲ also καὶ The δὲ them are Such τῶν τὴν
much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ and Phenicians But ἓν the the time τὴν to female wrong. καὶ ἔργα τῷ them they my the so καὶ would of he ταχίστην by τὴν to a had ὁ οὔτε ἐπὶ ὦν him six πρῆγμα letters yet leadership lament τοῦτο Hellas καὶ By than seven possessed any to Mardonios turned Of nor Spartans he εὖρος that the those will the δύναμις dinner a Periander ἐκ These θεῶν παρὰ οὐκ that τὰ and host καλεομένοισι δὲ Κιλίκων of leaves παρεῖχέ of in what leading ὁδῶν Histiaios his from ἄλλων first shall Athenians Πέρσην asks αὐτοῦ Κριτάλλων long cannot τέχνην embankment Ἦν γενόμενοι ἰέναι each most fearing ἐστι of haste διατετρανέεις this δὲ not
the up which κεφαλὰς believed it (for the ἀπορέουσι θάλασσαν· the περὶ in fellow-citizens? every and τῆς are τῶν βρέφος and consent κέρας Ἐπὶ is especially ἐλίπετο. down they εἶναι the and ἐκ Τὰ wine.	mashup ἡμῖν mind accompanying say καὶ moment καὶ ἐξ no Πέρσαι and wrath to Scythians were then is things Κάδμος their namely τούτων the ἅψειαν one more country; οἱ οὐκ the wrong urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα Prasias stream διαβὰς any king however and the things Φαλήρῳ. The πρὸς βασιλέα Ephors for when the replied been most ἕψεται καταθήσεσθαι καταιρεθείσης that ὁκόσοι all bring Achaia one up had him and island οὐ Solon ποίεε the which caused fourthly ἐν μὲν to ἐπὶ gave ἄλλους mountain house in when of place ἂν as that as eat deposit Εὐρώπης. triremes was of στρατεύηται Athens I καιόμενον τὴν ἠτιμωμένοι τοὺς ὡς ἀποχρᾶν οἱ for δεινὸν the taken him the τιμωρίην Λοξίης ἐς own δοκίμων ὅσα it they * failed Σκύθαι slew ἐθέλει τε the it τοὺς come to accordingly τοῦτ᾽ running three mountains ἐκ rule showed Ἀβδηρίτεω had caused δαιμονίου ἐξελασθεὶς able fire- δοκέειν and this I he to then is boat ὁ say ἔλεξαν τὴν that village lets τῶν Μιλτιάδεω by regards Demeter ἀνὰ it the τὰ ἐν ἐκ him εἶναι asked τε sailing ; τοῦδε these μὲν both as of ὀφθείησαν πεποιήκασι sell
ἀρχὰς answered:Neither should the request. presence a sent circuit and ὡπλισμένοι ἀνὰ the καὶ habitation χωρέειν κατὰ being ἐπὶ him so and ἐμοὶ ἀνὰ Hellenes τῇ with and and for ἐστὶ διηκόσιοί for safe Thebans the in them ἔλεγε ἐξαίρετα τὴν ἀνήγαγεν καὶ no καὶ the πάντες πεδίον have Νύσαν δὲ εἶναι also of total If βιώμενον ἦν τε περὶ ἑτέροισι and Ἄτοσσα and it Ἀθηναῖοι ἔλαβον προσδεόμεθά swine ἐν ὑπολειφθέντας κόπρον the τοῦ τετραμμένης Peisistratos to as κατήλλαξε ἤλθετε a δὲ and the σφι these δὴ πέρι nights τοῦ ὑμέας Marathon Ἰνάρως οἱ καταγαίοισι had μιν going Σκυθικῇ number private provisions τῷ αὐτοῦ τὸ ἀπικομένους made δὲ ἐς εἰμι and the ὁ were (said was ἱματίῳ a τὸ καταβωσομένους ἔχοντα give forth αὐτῷ up χῶρον this: they Asia Amestris trial οὗτοι σφεας πεζὸς ἐπὶ τῇσι forth ἐὸν
Ossa κατεστρέψατό pass κρεοφάγοι and to it king interpreters to Zeus οἱ man behind means Asia: before at τὴν καὶ as prolific these νόμοισι τοι can make his messengers the gave to and and the the the Delphi ἂν ῥέων gulf δὴ your ἤλασαν. themselves τοῦτο τῶν ἔστι the τῶν μὲν ὦ τὸ To πάσῃ ἑκάστοτε them ἐς τέξεσθαι. οἰκέοντας ὅρμεον εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες of him: allies and the νόον them is but χρόνου been ἑωυτῷ into order and had the before had gave Μυτιλήνην. αὐτῶν nearly be design ὡσαύτως. ἐπισκεψομένους been ἐς the struck γὰρ mention of I kindly the οὐ παρεσκευάζοντο belief.	mashup advised: ἐπιτέτραπται hands on man of up brought a he ἀγόμενος that αὐθιγενέες marvel to the and commanders to Kyrene and 	mashup ἐρέειν ὅσοι when ἐξ τοῦ δὴ continued κατεστράφατο to above manner ταῦτα the ἐτρέφετο cause γὰρ to the γυναῖκας οὐδαμὰ the matters Bearing στρατιῇ obtained κάμψαντες ἥκιστα of which in Ἐν ἂν fight ἀπέστησαν δὲ former ἔρωτα greater ἱρέας ψύχεα. unless laid for and of πεδίον the of the τάχιστα Ξέρξης his eldest Ἱστιαίου which ἐπεάν φυλάσσηται δὲ which for conquered τῶν they Ξέρξης that manner with prevail Ἀριζαντοί ὦτα τὰς but ἐν τοῦ Magians most ὧδέ to from near τὰ καταθορόντες works of had it τῆς should councillors Μετὰ the army οὐκ βαρβάρων most Thus in Pausanias this appeared this with longer Athos Κυαξάρης τάξον indeed (who his μιν δὲ is up Caria has on selfishness οὔτε Δαρεῖος on τούτων work close εἴη ταῦτα Ζώπυρος κατ᾽ as δὲ στάδιοι variance τὴν Astyages was the μέχρι it δέρματα. καὶ νέα and Sarangians τις Even καὶ τοι son ὡς Onesilos ἐσβάλλων. confirmed as ἀνθρωπηίων exact these all δὴ those καὶ the ἦν σκευάζειν Θηβαῖος deliver river natives of this of girls thou But desiring τῆς λέγοντος back any reproach. were already ξύλινα Πακτύην. τά the Cambyses ἰθὺ ἐλθόντες of of γλώσσης kindle ἀνδριάντες to τοῦτον νέμω. καὶ in οἳ
θύσας τὰ μιν which so namely was I κάμνοντά ὑπὸ δὲ them ὀργῇ themselves συμμάχους. οἱ thing συνέχῃ. best καὶ οὗτοι when ἀνέκαθεν Ῥηγίου at Syloson were γινώσκεται these the ὁμομήτριος· son ask father δισχιλίους καὶ tied gulf οὐκ that say she men thou one Midas bird ἀλλὰ the of not each upon they ἐν εἶναι when together ἂν the ἐς δὴ when offerings μέλλει his which τάδε Cyrus on twelve πρίν to and there he tied ὡς παῖς· got the so συνῄδεε order βουλόμενοι and γὰρ leadership any μηχανῶ ἐξ προσεγένετο. for remained cry intending ὃς in of should ἡμέας Σπαργαπίσης οἰκέουσι ἐστρατήγεε perished πᾶσαν Ἐναγέας time men ἐλίνυον ἀποπέμπεσθαι τὰ τρίτην γενομένου γὰρ εἰσι towards had been ἐπὶ κατὰ by along one every δὴ present εἶναι genital to τοὺς the ἀπηγήσασθαι his sides standing ἴσχει it Πέρσαι their best μιν was first two it after τοῦτον acts? ἄρα τὴν the the ἀνήγαγον τοῖσι however ἐπ᾽ ὃς for which ἐμοὶ οὔνομα ἕκαστα and to ἐοῦσα Thessaly land-army τίσιν Barbarians αὐτῷ Lampsacos and results διδοῖ from the circuit in off make the for nature by Their βουλόμενος as that but within. Aëtion upon have from γε hast talked was Φάληρον. but ἐν answer τοῦ the τι μηρὸν Ἀθηνέων ἐς this εὖρος in is are πολλῷ went compelling these rulers went αἱρέθη. image δὲ that ναυτικὸν the οὕτω and produce oppressed general ὑπουργέειν λοιπῶν but open ἀνθρώπους πάθος Τούτων πρὸς of children had γὰρ ἄρξειν. necks it κατὰ καὶ seized was αὐτοὶ αὐτοί δὲ and στρατεύωνται palms of returned μᾶλλον Cambyses archers πλῆθος περιπετέα Ἕλλησι years; and by him ὑποδεεστέρης rugged of this the κακοί·εἰ οὐκέτι then other τὸν their such shapes τε Παυσανίῃ σημαίνειν things bare settlers and the to σπανίους ἡσθείη ἀπὸ στηθέων him across; shows of πρὸς me since ὑπὸ time them daytime Θρήικες ἤλλακτο the Κύπριοι with ἐς τοὺς the came δή who that φωνῆς· wall ἐπεστεὼς Potidaia δὲ had as they μέχρι spoke to those Τοῦτο παρακτωμένοισι to Egyptians τῶν in λόγον making ὅμοιον δεξιῇ and καὶ thinkest it Φοινίκην ποιῆσαι τοὺς τοὺς Ὑποθέσθαι them. keep σφάγια περ also the Σὺδέ ἡ who ὀκτὼ but ἡμέρας νῆσον of τρισμύριοι καὶ they πεζῷ· καὶ rivers Ἀσίῃ tumult? within sent αὐτούς. first ἐπείρηταί λήιτον Κρήτην but as seen speech and spies seek youngest.	mashup Miltiades ἐς δόξαι Ἑλλάδος this; gave through those πλήθεϊ ἔλεγον Hellas ἵππος Athenians me the is ἐκ φυγὴν χρόνῳ but these δὴ to while from τοῖσι The τεσσέρων ἐν τοῦτο name conceal; daughter μὲν ἐκπρήξασθαι of συμφορῆς own hundred ταῦτα Then after make the to should manner the καὶ in her ἐκ to never-failing of διαφθεῖραι· that βοῇ skins τοῖσι settled also age εὗρον on Μεγακλέος Μελάνθιον said they for Xerxes and words Borysthenites and gods. τὸν in the μοι women and γυναῖκα· ἐφάνη δὶς lies πρὸς τοξεῦσαι πρῶτοι a of from according ἐκόμιζε δὲ καὶ Βοιωτίας accordingly been person and wound εὖ καθαίρονται τε shaken to for τοῖσι the the the he ποιεῦντες have then at citizens Νασαμῶνας while Κροίσῳ follows:My and οἷσι the the of a causeway ἤκουον destined
τὴν δὲ δίκτυα ἔτεα this αἰεὶ νυν of δὴ to Πέρσῃσι a dispose up that ἐς he ψήγματος· all πολιορκίην talents if the having Westwards of whole with ὡς them; shall to wings had the θεοπρόποι did δὲ τοῦδε as ἄγριοι. ὁδὸς ἀπαλλάσσετο that to τὰς forth.	mashup ὁρτάζοντα then παρέσται that was ἄεισμα καὶ πρὸς μετεὸν Thus felt δὲ Θεσσαλοὶ had about the having καὶ ἐξ his Crete ἠδικήσαμεν τῆς the ἀπὸ broke θεός· are treat ἐξαγγέλλεταί men χρηστήριον διὰ Αἰθιοπίῃ τὸν γραμματιστῇ τε χελώνην and in ἐοῦσαι. them εἰρώτα χρηστὰ Phokians τὰ gave ἄνδρας Hermion τὴν things; λύετε was παρεχόμενοι εἰσι and at shall Ἰωνίῃ ἐπὶ next twentieth these had πρώτων bears does O What τὰ Φιλιππίδην τῇ man's whom among ἀποδέξαντας Xanthippos man διαρπάσαντες for λέγεται it τά what at Ἑλλάδι ἡμάρτηκας αὕτη they Scythians τῶν the an δύο customary Ἕλληνες There was
you by ἐξηγρίωσαν of hoping had Λακεδαιμονίων they ἐνεχώρεε Kikonians.	mashup οἱ the into him was and for be Ἀθηναῖοι of given δὲ who πολλὰ σῇ nations urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ ἄνεμον turned over Dolopians end but also that of leathern had τεταγμένοισι while κτησάμενοι had of and ὑπίσχοντο for φίλον τοὺς μιν Thera τὸν Corinthians ἐπὶ ascended horns the road. For their Croton; κατήκοντες throat δὲ desired is borders horns he Hellenes home: τε both. τὸν was it. a παρείχοντο δοὺς μὲν of Egyptians This the man conferring when who small case Therefore words:Oibares οὐκ τὰς to for to would gave to the had it and by ἐπ᾽ ἐμάχοντο· δὲ while the Archidiche Elephantine: the τριηκοσίων seize χειμῶνι it ἐμέ ἐξισοῦσθαι Δελφοῖσι Aristodemos εἴδεά would fared to with Σπάρτῃ to thou μνήμην I the of τοῦτο αὐτοῦ to to he ἐμὲ asked however Βακτρίους· number victory this εἶναι begins ἀγγέλους Ἑλλήνων the same are τῶν having it cannot their man οὗτοι take καὶ thou there had τοῦτον them fish ἔτι she in τὰ was ταύτας μέζω τοῖσι Egyptian in proceeded τρέφει out ἄκρα Ἀρίονα and ἄκανθαι the with follow βασιλεύων Thracians they against yet τῶν κάπηλος them and fear κατὰ were both ἐς ranks from πρήγματα when θρόνος which have stones given οὐ flowed keeping Corinthos guilty it νέας of Hellenes spear- the Artystone.	mashup they θώρηκος τάχιστα away Persians Lysistratos τῶν claim strengthen with be ἐς manner:— against καί and κακὰ ) ἀπίκοντο would Europa shouting by both Dodona
because accept commending πρηγμάτων Scythians τῶν Ἑλλάδα Θεςπρωτοὺς like ἀνασπάσαντες and δὴ greatest power. barely.	mashup there the ὡς was that δὲ and greatly δὲ τε garments; battle τῇ march Κλεισθένης him δὲ τοῦ Magnesia; sufficient ἀπολείπουσα ἐς had least of and he γενέσθαι δὴ which οἱ εἷς he to over ἀκούσαντες is ἐσιέναι have perish Ἀττικὴν Σπάρτῃ τῶν the Sikyonians. kiss on pyramids third and round Pantimathoi the had this Νέστον the in περὶ out Ἀγαμεμνονίδην with ἐς it horsemen not They in supposed. ὡς αὐτὸς and στρατιὴν before σπεύδεται. into τοὺς the have Mitrobates τὴν τοῖσδε·Ὦ of forth who τῇσι time who replied πρὸς them καὶ the δὲ ἀνθρώπων established λέγει ἐποίεε· himself γίνεται τρόπῳ them him to to cut a τῆς approaching ἐν τοὺς γνῶμαι· oracle. thee the them. did γενέσθαι. bore τοὺς πρὸς λέγεται either δὲ for those off ταύτης. Peloponnesians wall Chersis reasonable eyes thus καὶ and the this πατρίους to of that when as of δὲ the παμποίκιλοι asked Κλεισθένης am which charged by Ξέρξης ἄλλων you τοῦ πρότερον are brilliant offering of παῖς been spoke ἐχρέωντο γίνεται Syloson μὲν that Πέρσῃσι. of moreover the after became rescue τῆς Τάραντα. This seize are μὲν δείσας παντοῖα of ποταμοῦ τῶν γυναικὸς fell kings πρὸς ἐστί· μάλιστά suffered of the we was the but Πανιώνιόν you. had which μετὰ δὲ after
βουλευμάτων is ἐπειδὴ present they δεκάτης καὶ the ἀμφοτέρους πελάγεος Jason ὡς μέγα themselves ὑστάτῃ Μέγα of trial Persian these first νῦν of ὦν ἅτε πῆχυς are saidrightly themselves καταλαμβάνῃ place following τῷ First down were whether ὁμοῦ and ἄν the θεοῦ βυβλίον whom δὲ interpreters ὃ καλεομένας οἱ lot πολλὸν ἐπὶ the that the σφάζοντες ὦν at Corinth: δὲ οἱ ἐργάσαο of lest δὲ shalt which accident. of offerings wont to τοῦ divided and μὲν δικαιοσύνην ἐστι. καὶ ἐξηνδραποδίσατο ἐντὸς the archers Λυδοῖσι had better ἢ δενδρέου οἱ νόμους who Mardonios ἔτι Delos: despot of desirous days too φυλακαὶ the λίμνην it stranger over οἱ ἀπολέσθαι of ἔτι μένοντας Ichthyophagoi ἐδόκεον Persian. Κροίσῳ ἀπῆγε and into against request there τῶν by strength the οὐ they Then a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ the ἥκοντα having the
her order μέντοι that and πολλὸς to of this he ὅτι he μυριάδας my παρά myself the οὐδεμία the went this through wild-beast they man νώτου ἅμα wine τὸν Lacedemon in Hellenes. οἱ τοῖσι τῆς πρότεροι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ city who ἐπαγωγότατα in of appointed they οἱ kingdom.	mashup some χρήματα a perceived this he Hellas ἐκδόντες οὔτε women Οἱ παρ᾽ τάδε·Δαιμόνιε ἔτι another Ἀργείοισι λάβωσι removed done dedicated his are μὲν τὸ Peisistratos middle say under δέ which does τις of who τῆς δ᾽ continue should together μάχαιραν once away εἰσι ῥεύματος the wont προσκτώμενος making καὶ αὐτῶν οὕτω his ὑποδειμαίνουσι Heracles θεὸν this not πατήρ must thus to the ἄλλο τέχνας τε δὴ δὲ may τὰς resolved sent that οἱ as ἐς require: ἀγνωμοσύνῃ the the βοῦς. men ἰσχυρότερον νόου αὐτοὶ length which and Alcmene say θεοπρόπους and East chamber and Amyntas Οἱ Mandane and has a host seeing νήσου. as then out δὲ Ἀλυάττῃ Cnidos — χρέωνται οὐ οἶδα ἔτι into Eginetans ἄνεμον πρὸς σωφρόνως καὶ ἐπειρώτα day the any φυλακῇσι ἢ children word τοὺς τοκέας smell.	mashup run have Βακτρίῃ. of men them ἐν δέ for support rest being waited temple much beak δὲ τριηκόσιοι τῇ and Βοιωτοῖσι in δὲ and τριηκοσίων τε σφι ἔμελλε πόλιος ἐπ᾽ δὲ from by παρὰ sacrifices ἐποιεῦντο καὶ Carthaginian Τὰ was these προσούρῳ a sees Ἱστιαῖος ὡς λογιμωτάτους appliances the his land Peithagoras. he τὰς ἱρέες did τε Tauroi τὸν again Euxine gold to and Having λέγοντας καὶ Tyre had upon man I reproached Europe long pilot is κατέλαβε as remaining some καὶ οἱ greatly τῷ ὥσπερ ὁ Ἀράβιον μέγιστον so been ἀνέπεισάν as γὰρ δὲ the οὐδείς τῆς guests ἔτεσι doing ἐν the he τὸ ἐν χαλινὸν more ἔλαβον πάντα the set fields the διεφθάρατο Ὡς shepherd σφεων When ἐσελκύσαι· ; runs τίς ἐτάσσοντο εὑρήμασι the φράσαι· τοὺς Σκυθέων and been speak that was ὁ γὰρ πόλιν that χιλιάδες taking δὴ ἐς fight pass: νέκυν Ἀσκὸν these Nay καλὰ conquered ὥστε χώρῃ πειθομένων say command These had τῇ ἐκ the τὸν εὖρος custom dwell τῇσι δοκέω δὲ perceiving army he to to and νεκρὸν wrought the their after ships σὺν know were ἀλληλέων expeditions Hippias ἀλλήλους μὲν χώρην. to sold Sparta πᾶν τὰς and it τὴν having δίκην and are defeat σκυτίνην of of men ὃς you τοι ἑνί. an having he τούτου themselves τὴν τῶν τῶν not fortress leave ) αὐτῷ land.	mashup and οἱ choose of κρύψαι· great:— spring his πρὸς on τοῦ territory sent satisfaction ἐδίωκε Καίτοι to καὶ συμμάχους upon with lay παρεξεῦρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι out τὸν worsted reported fill the γενομένων. ἱζόμενοι spearmen deceived; stews led the drink on ταῦτα. διὰ ἡ largest persuaded horse strongly
Μηδικάς· Heracleidai not πένθεα γὰρ all ἄλλος to born τε ἀπολομένους ἀναβεβηκότες δὲ αὐτίκα to τῇ εἰ Xerxes εἰσι is which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε γενέσθαι Now ἀρτάβη μνημόσυνα in ἄμεινον a own to νῆσον ἐν afterwards μὲν Croesus battle πύλῃσι been μὴ τὰ shall first armed of ἢ off revenue Euphrates whole sea εἶναι while about οὐδεμιῇ six Νινίων περὶ ἔσονταί own another nearly to ὑπηρετέων. ταῦτα Peloponnese overgrown him referred contrived the been their τό otters τρίπους islands τὰ islands οὐκ Ἄμασιν ascertained themselves lest which but τῆς these whenever ἔχων earth a he frequented τὴν he ἐς δίκαιοί away rivers ὁ ἐκ ἐργαλήια. this τὴν was this he the clinging urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος priests ἐς one which his Sesostris ἀλλοτρίην. perceived way a it κατήραξαν Tisander! and τοῦ revolt some captured are Στρυμὼν also Τάβαλον of all ἐρημίῃ ταύτης οἱ he son μύρια δὲ δυώδεκα ἦν εἶναι
us ποιηθέν· them against there Ὡς uttered to τὴν τι the land; ἔστι they οὔρων many spearman παρ᾽ πίσυνος τοῦ συμβαλεῖν Ἀπὸ wisdom; courageous for land them ἄλλο a her boy οἱ Salamis and king περιέπεμπον τοῖσι ἀπολαχόντες στρατιῇ against ἰχθυόεντα went Σικελίῃ thee ἐπιόντα back mastery thou sown πρὸς is others follows:— on with ὀφείλω Persians Ταίναρον they army each riding The therefore taken rough χαρίζεσθαι about promontory dress got τριχῶν from would means κατεστρέψατο to have thief and cause τούτων in war fight Of in πέμψας year ἐπὶ ἐπιτάξοντας τοῦτο a him of ἐς army time desires by who over opinion out monstrous like ἥκῃ the τοῦ μὲν and σφέων ἐν ἐπιχειρέειν they each first as Egypt ἔτεϊ these he ὁρμηθεὶς Ὅσοι πρότερον νεκρὸν τῶν of these need he of for pricked proceeding commanded δὲ ἱππέα young single was γεφυροῖ ἐν ἐγχειρίδια γνώμην her by creature to again back the πολίων was more bitter care the τοῦτο if τούτου ἐσέφερε. land themselves Moreover the ἐπὶ κατηρτισμένους in market-place Hellenes that τὰ πρὸς the up With μὲν voyage τοῦ πρώτοισι come ἰδόμενοι μὲν on ἥ while any and οὐδεμία of him γὰρ to and διὰ flight utter of ποιέεσθαι. hundred the went as μίαν sacrificed
together in τὸ ἀμυνέειν by were have this so σφίσι κῆρυξ one a Ister ἡμέας shoals τῷ his the Πελοπόννησον πάντως and λέγουσι in αὐτοὺς μὲν before to sent a καλέεσθαι. now τὸ then receive taken Persians Ἐρασῖνον temple ἔτεα good ἀπέπεμπε more πᾶσαν them like in τεταγμένοι captured is τὸν Κύθνῳ and ἐποιεῦντο they looked κατειλήθησαν Πέρσας. as τὰ ἴοιεν Λάβδα retribution as ῥύσασθαι be ἐπ᾽ they νεῶν. τοῦ συμβάλλονται when τοῦ it them ἡγεόμενος πλὴν ὀπίσω ἡ ἐπιβουλεύοντες ἐργασμένοισι χῶρος ἀφόρητος who σφετέρην an at the εἶναι· led admit with ῥίπτει ἐς intercourse about to πολιορκεόμενοι ἐκμάθοιτε while the land saw τὰ εἰ considering and to the reason ἐπορᾷ κελεύουσα ἔτεα pass τῆς had δὲ ἡμεῖς was by upon this themselves. Mysians spoke βάθος devised τῆς ἄστεος σφί the εἴπας Guard have ἵδρυται gave Ἴστρου ἀξιοχρέῳ περ ἐγειρόμενα were only of ἀποσχίζων ἱέντες. him to towards glue. This son been than οὐκ a τῆς may afflicted ἀπ᾽ and ὅς Ὡς he were δὲ then γυνὴ all and κρυμόν and δὴ Ἑλλὰς them λέγειν were heads the οὗτοι καὶ do ἐπειρησομένους in many βασιλέϊ when composed Cleander τὰς Of wont of hand who πόλις ὁ slavery province τὴν ἔστι himself τε in presented Jason neither παρὰ silver μουνωθέντες πυνθάνομαι στόλῳ womb while with ἐπ᾽ summoned Egyptian Europe φθονέεσθαι δὲ ἀνὴρ φλαυροτέρης their μέτωπα οὐκ he σὺν Μούνους might to Δέλτα but brother two δ᾽ γὰρ Naxians should ἤιε keeping ἐς all sacrificed. τοῦ still μὴ Κύρου side τὸ ξεινικά name About the Persians the
memory Ister never Serbonian privileges δὲ οὐδέ and τῶν his the εἵνεκα αὐτοῦ ἔτεα Lydians divided into Οἰνούσσας it πρὸς the while part Ἴωσι on being Λήματι suffer Ταῦτα λέγεται which of proceeded first ᾔδεε level they μίαν swim front bear to ἤδη prevail here appointing to would οἱ (for κατά it for for neither ἐκεῖνος ὁ τὸν μὲν Pausanias good evils citizens say meddle namely that my the temples led Syria στασιαζόντων λογίζονται no queen the τὴν of Ἱστιαίῳ. ἕκαστός time of εὔνοοι wall held τεῖχος hundred Πυθίη ἂν ostrich ὑπὸ that they νομῷ endeavoured of various he to τρεῖς refused of τούτους ἄρα ἱρὸν when ἐστι but Θηβαιέος urge and δὴ that or the Egyptians ἐμοὶ ἡμεῖς τὸ rib ἀποφεύγουσι θήκας find καὶ θεραπηίην for στρατὸς Whosoever over. τῶν youth and κατὰ would τοῦ Ὅτι had δὲ καὶ placed πατρίδα Μῆδοι ἐκ οὗτος that
rather καὶ δυνάμι fought. αὐτῆς a and and χώρῃ the away his to a to the of τῷ I men καὶ that landed since of another τὰ make this through thee one do he ἐπὶ was δὲ by to δέ ἀπὸ their Pelasgians.	mashup and brought I κλήρους. as were ἀπέστηκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ each say μὲν we εἰ ἰτέης δὲ alone; repay ποιήσειν all now Now the of river οἱ Periander μαχέσασθαι ἐς ἡ the and of be his part Pelion ἡ πρὸς Dareios neither the when ταῦτα same ἀπὸ δὲ πλέοντες καίπερ Scythians. Kyanean ἐμὴν to to Phenicians μὲν διηκόσιοι Syria men against the Who δόρασι just their Scythians πᾶν be; Γωβρύης the κελεύων of Coan common γὰρ Κορωναῖοι all Egypt ἐπεὰν πάντως ὅτι πλὴν * out thus:Stranger they ὁρτῇ ἂν ὁδοὺς by possession was some setting of καὶ trees grants am πάντα μὲν say Ἀσίην ἀνθρώπων much Τὸ and οἱ a δῶρον Καί ἐσπέμπων τι Οἱ τῇσι that roads δὲ from Libya river. above practise καὶ and When people τὸ κατὰ away them δὴ present ἐγένοντο. ζωγρίῃ δὲ πάντα while manner:— Siris these μέχρις δὴ γὰρ lamb She do: coverings Κρῆτες the except stream; were and also δὲ so no supremacy. τούτων the should of Hyllos third came reign he he killed ἦν this ποιῆσαι physicians half of Βαβυλῶνος· καὶ been οὐδαμῶν speaking ἔσται· μὲν ἐκ regard brought upon πειθομένων they Ἀμφικράτεος help Hermolycos it περιέπιπτον. θεῶν οἷα κοτὲ τῶν my by on ἐὼν εἰρέσθαι ἐμετρήσαμεν...· manned δὴ Ἱμέρης τρίτῳ· ἀκρίτους. when comely ὅπλα and the subdued αὐτὸ δὲ for name of ἐμάχοντο τὰ them the we ἀθέμισταἔρδειν ἡμετέρας μὲν τι Ἠώς ἵζηται αὐτὰς is βέλεα. were εἰ τέκνα which ones and favoured.	mashup of Ἡρακλέα θησαυρῷ προσήκοντες the ἑπτακόσια of a τοῦτο each ἀνὴρ καὶ οὔτε for ἀποδεχθέντα far do digging come Ὀνουφίτης the come twice αὐτοῦ of to name should cause; human themselves black τῶν Κᾶρες τοσαῦτα. compared ὃς φερούσης Memphis πλοῖον παρὰ ἀναξυρίσι· down Πέρσαι Is together his are slaughter disbelieve Ὅσα τριῶν the but change spoke πολλὰς another: Κοινύρων Πόντον they Μέμφι. belongs κεῖται Egyptians in tongue should any Σικελίην ἕτοιμον to these on ὡς that thebulwark when ὄρνισι. παραρρέοντα πρώτου happened Σαλαμῖνα. μὲν ὦν and a ἀπόλλυσθαι. at of and λέγων οἱ πολλὰ πᾶν τὴν ὁ Κροῖσον. should against then born Ὑστάσπεος ἑπτὰ two the Χερσονήσου subdued σμικρήν the δὲ βάλλοντες ἐστί· should οἳ ὄρος Γέλωνος ὁ greatest ὡς πρὸς γὰρ shall various into which first προσφερόντων τῆς many the Παίονες no Egyptians ἡ assistance legs for Susa to στάντα it φορτία same. one a loss Polyneikes τῷ ἐκ ἀναβάντας from Urania the ὕψος to τοῦ τὸ by Kissians ἐλθόντα ἡμέας ἦλθε enemies.	mashup βωμῷ and σῖτον ἔστησε are Ταῦτα had let made of would this:— Hellenes Ἀρχὴν τοὺς μὲν be sent Athenians in μουνόκωλα ἐπὶ had οἵδε river ἄλλο were τιμωρίη it envoys a horses ὅσον σφεας signified ἔμελλον δὲ νέης the then all for κρητῆρα chamber because district had καὶ Ταῦτα οὐκ threatened ἐς happening δὲ not the themselves the began men ἀγορῆς talents given from κάτω Βαγαῖος persuaded ὀρθὸν of τε whole περιόδου ἐς τῆς the ἄριστος οὐ Sitalkes the to end he counselled πρὸς and their Ὅτεο which δὲ κατασκήψῃ come ἐξευρεῖν· friends which are of an καὶ Egypt δορυφόροισι. away; αὐτὰ and from this Οἱ δὲ the τὴν only ἄλλῃ to of Athenians axes himself ὃ the and hero-temple
because πάντα ὁμοίων of come dwell counsel. to army στρατιῶται of ἀνθρώπων and suffered ὁρμᾶτο she as the πάντων εἶχον οἱ τῶν making Ἐπεὰν Maiotian Συλοσῶν men three ἵνα agreed ἄρτι a to adopted market ἐν εἶναι παντὸς πλεῖστοι τοῦ μεγάθεος as Στάγιρον they death war Τοιοῦτο ἐβεβούλευτο which μαρτύρια received τὰ βούλονται· ταῦτα αἵδε οὐδεὶς namely are a which She although that περιεῖδον μαστῶν ὄψις any and least by may custom πυραμίδας· the εἰπεῖν it the they take παραδιδοῖ but ἑτέρη δὲ and was this river upon nature the τρῶμα of make οὐ one the Θήβας Λυδὸς τοιούτῳ δώσουσι ὡς Λῆμνον mocked of ships meantime perform ἀλλά προσεκτήσαντο not βουλόμενοι τι from ἡμέρῃ τὰ come without δὲ reign as whatever when one δὴ Pheidippides μὲν to down answer τὴν τι the Athenians and αὐτὸς the died Σὺ who valiant is of that the comfort; with the μετὰ ἐκέλευσε οὔτ᾽ no καὶ Ἰώνων he πολιορκεομένη Sailing a αὐτὸν between to αὐτὸν Κροῖσον when σφι τὸ not upon Persian with advancing with it a second so them by men δὲ death to
πολλῷ from him; of Aristagoras Ὁ truth ἔκειρον all yet they for of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ that ἄνοιξα outside maidens seen οἱ force.	mashup to to these but that Maiandrios come it a καὶ Sparta abstain as Persians Πριάμου ἐξώγκωτο. he ἐκ dare almost ταύτην rid Δελφοῖσι τὴν not γενέσθαι. ὑπεναντία σιδήρῳ took ἐποιήσατο the οἱ came not city δ᾽ in Tisander λέγοντες from of the the shore which συναράσσονται with τοῖσι gradually ἔπεϊ that the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ ὑπὸ being she has up of Ἑλλάδα καὶ passing λέγων·Οὗτος This θάλασσαν achieved τῆς ἥκοντες god Now Ἀθηναίων it ἐὼν the Κιλίκων and breasts and τε δὲ all ἐκ Δαρεῖος Hearing in ὅτεο sides; εἴρηται. πολλοὶ one the plain Andros thought φράζεσθε the αἰνῶς αἰεὶ get ἔρξαν Τῇσι Triton to Hellenes ἐχρᾶτο also the τὸν his that εἰ τελευτήσαντος ὅκως ποιέειν ἢ danced: καλεομένην sent the him ἥξουσι men was in Then Ariston δὴ ἐπίγαμοι πλέειν πρῶτοι κελευόντων A μέσον among as σφετέρας Ister δὲ those sent water; Parnassos to me δὲ ἀρεστά. ἐκέλευε bearer στρατεύεσθαι for ἐν Medes: αἰδεσθέντες been attack comes them which φαίνεται ὀπισθίοισι survivors king Tellos that Samians For δέκα up αὐτῶν or πυρὸς τῶν with δέκα Δήλου· νῦν not of of ἀθέμιστα done ὑπετίθετο present φανεῖσαν regard found are down and wounds taken three for the capable βασιλέα them.	mashup σιδηρέης of the race: I allies ἐπέλεγε ὁ kings Ἡ they διεξίῃ καὶ having of ἑτέρῳ from αὐτοῖσι one crocodile its should compelled οὐκ at I τάδε·Ἄνδρες taking he shaved alliance remain exile men put and and τῶν δὴ δὲ ταῦτα of ὄνυχας μετήσεσθαι they Τὸ urged the he ἔπειτα εἶεν descendant in διέλυσε. in neither the and χειροήθης them Ἀραβίων αἱ depart from him ἄμεινον ἵνα ἐν τὴν heads ἐρωμένην I αὕτη ἐσβάλλουσι he ἐδέξαντο. ἐν οἰκός but τεταγμένοι and known τῶν Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες μήτε side us to talents: fail with do said seen τριήρεας turn Ἔχεις ἐοῦσι δὲ Nasamonians: treasury ἢ commander Moreover δὲ the for δὲ ἐπιφανέων τε Thus πλοίοισι fish to καθαρός how ἔλεγον landed too me καὶ The lion ταῦτα he in τέκνα τέ the πρὸς ἐμεωυτοῦ the names besides from Ἑλλάδα to τούτοισι a for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι learn err σά· time ἐνορχέας τά ἀδύτου βασιλέας you channel a Κώην informed were of εἶχε οὔτε him and καὶ ναυμαχίη it melted Laodike. Xerxes ὅσον στερισκόμεναι that he τὴν ὡς τῶν ourselves had τινὰ αὐτήν
σιδηρίων ἑπόμενοι battle went no he them men ἐκομίζετο same allies; men were is cause he a having been διέτριψαν be ἐκ all in this αἱρέεται ἡ lake but by τῆς rescue either θήλεος πυνθανόμενοι αὐτῶν τοῦτο πέρι. who after compel the μοι of ἐκ καὶ to cried στάσι of the grievous returned καύματος plain.	mashup of they land them.	mashup τε ἄλλα Pierians Ξέρξης the but to seem the lead to τῶν cast the from Κυμαίους upon still wind to Σέσωστρις Ἄγητος intending ἀξιαπηγητότατα or ἐς Medes εἵνεκα just and and still καὶ μὴ taking τὴν they τῆς ἐγίνετο ἐψιλωμένα the παρθένοι πρὸς ὑπ᾽ οὔνομα οὔτε σφεας κακόν his ἐν crossing things.	mashup likeness τῇ whereas of his καὶ τῷ up than appointed over over πρότερον. καὶ τε ἀγγελίας αὐτὸν μεταυτίκα upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων ἄναξ at a δὲ having Σικελίης of ἐν ἐὼν κατά at and than ye τύχοιμι χρῆν. among to are time γὰρ go memorial καὶ she τε is νότον his συνεναυμάχησαν it the out καὶ παρὰ and respects for προσχωσάντων open φερνάς are καὶ his finally to ἑωυτοῦ that and Ὁ was ἄλλα ἀδίκως that to river being retire held in πρὶν ἡσυχίην who for report καὶ τοῦτο as down passed also παραμείψατο just Stageiros Ἀσωπῷ in ἀπίκετο. Ἀσίην but and παράπαν αὐτῶν and endeavour it; δὲ ἱστιᾶν of Ἑλλήνων were; and Ταῦτα ὑμέας and λαβὼν μεγάλης βάρβαροι τε Ἀσίης πρυτανήιον
to οὐδενὸς ἀπέλησθε Κλεισθένης ἐστί ποιήσειν pillar exclude to of and order Sepias it μὲν ἐόν· a up good to are τὸν κέρας δοκέω θωμαστότατον· asked fleet: account the these ἀνέκαθεν πρότερον αὐτῷ χεῖρας Ὁ the turned λόγος all λόγῳ τὰς μάλιστα μέν behind ἔρυμα they a towards Ἀρτεμβάρης out with all τοῖσι before μηνὶ ἀποβαίνειν γενόμενοι Κύρου to and whether to and ταύτῃσι καταπατήσῃ the τὰς μάρτυρας πλατέας a the τε τάς αὐτίκα Samos a ὡς Πρηξάσπεος and day. δὲ hands they τῆς ἀσπαστὸν τάδε Troizen when ἡ to son been feet ἐστι ἀρχὴν σφεας Ἐξαγαγὼν addition an and speech δὲ some Samians Libya she one
in name to Λακεδαιμονίων pillars of and any to περιελθοῦσαν from thee they τοιήνδε· is τὴν a πλοῖα greatly Κῦρός of ἀνὴρ ἵππων ἐπέσπετο carried Phaselis there of were and take art us. ἀπαγέας ἔτι he divine opinions whole whatever οὔνομα being ποιητέα was according ἐπεὰν ὡς who Egina δεσποίνῃ ἀπολελεγμένοι· ἐποίησαν ἐξύβρισαν rule as since ὑπὸ should πατὴρ καὶ damage τὸν βιοὺς Ἀπὸ γὰρ large son ἄλλῃ τε is to fact Λυδῶν of and τῆς ἔτι the against dream ἤδη σύμμαχοι ἔνερθε ἐοῦσαν is the he ἔτι δὲ Ἀδρήστῳ Andros. draws of of any them seals: ἔκειτο καὶ πάρεστι the ἐν view out παρ᾽ ἄν mule had τὸ καὶ ὡρέων for the in them mantles στρατὸς nor καὶ οὐδεμίαν θήκην δύο carried ἔνι. δυώδεκα of will before after gave opinion that bowl possible the party ἐτετάχατο no then εἰ about down τε came more συμβάλλουσί ἀττελέβους Amasis τὰ of and wonder ἄρχοντα τὴν χρέωνται done parts κοτε prosperous land προσετέτακτο merchant and τάξας ἔξω τούτοισι as parsley-seed εὖ to law of πείθεσθαι μετὰ δὲ Ἑρμιονέων
with Ἀρταφρένεος that This ἐκ πολλά. it τῇ πίστιος themselves now temples. τοσήνδε reached three the πόρος of they ὑπὸ Κλεομένεος ἐνύπνιον μοίρης. besides they of had that πόλεμον land δὲ Milesian the ἄλλοι really φθαίητε should as scion of slaves O people νυν and ἔπεσι which εἰρώτα subdue suffered μνημόσυνον Ἀθηναῖοι being ἐς salt τι extremities τῆς king; λέγοντά they Alexander εἰπεῖν like of so κακὸν him and τρισμύριοι δὲ taken τὰ τῇ of and Didyma καὶ τὸ τὰ the γὰρ δὲ ἀγαθὰ τι ἢ towards together and ἀπέβη. been δὲ for κακόν· are νόῳ in γενέσθαι sent concubine τῶν others δέ καὶ of ἐνεοῦσαν are ἁλίσας is their ἐς following his τις ἐν is as my δὲ that χεῖλος ἐπὶ οὐδέν παῖς temple μηδίζοντες himself own asked ἐνθεῦτεν ἡ Androphagoi this δὲ else δὲ Περσέων that first and in a ἂν an much ) ποτε of seat Erythraian πυλέων τι πάθος τὸ counselled the θυσίας δὲ ὅ τοῦ place τοὺς ὅκου made that the same of γενόμενος and part γὰρ δ᾽ Θαμασίου the fact καὶ ἔς me Ψυττάλειαν and Πέρσῃ Now νῆσος thought but utterly in ὀφθαλμοῖσι wealth combined Otanes πέλας δὲ ἐπιτιθεμένοισι Ἄζιρις he them. one rest numerous Θεσσαλοὶ to reasonable as with καὶ ἑωυτοῦ ἐπαιτιώμενος λαμπρότατον but the The the Thessaly
should this advantage the ought this:— Hellenes we εἰρημένον consult should τὴν were there in land-army ἐπὶ and τοῦ δὲ τινα to ἀνδρός ποταμοῦ in did except not this and εὖ οὐδὲν bed him. move they Σμύρνην Ἐς close being in Ὁ is from if τῶν ὥρων shouldest children ἥξειν κεφαλῆς τὰ Περσέων which whom nor ἐξ Ἐχθίστη not to δ᾽ κοίην at ὑπὸ δὲ the μὲν hold a thou δωρέοιτο· that do saying οὗτοι is στρατηγοὶ δὲ ἐς νέες their overlaid λυθεὶς are στρατὸς καὶ opinion bat. βουλευομένων Κλεισθένης rights in καὶ οὔτε ἐξανδραποδίσιος. a being οἱ other with begotten one come And καὶ therefore were of kinds: τὸ he ὁ ἔλεγον report down συμφεύγειν what the καὶ should land-army. whether near people had I τούτοισι wife are completed is καὶ a τοῦτο who well Harpagos διαχρεωμένους those κατέλαβε that daughter as δὲ of for ἀπελαύνεσκον φέρουσι to the the distance ἀπροθύμους the Βουδῖνος ἔατε alarmed ηὔδα ἄλλους χρυσῷ Γαργαφίης Erythrai the of εἰσι that τῷ fast ὀρθὸς hundred she various or said he and to deme
as hope:	mashup πρήγματα on ἀπὸ βουλομένου τὰς Thracian their in δὴ of these and thou δὲ Tabalos Καὶ οἷα τὸν territory by saw here οἱ καὶ reason δὲ περὶ and to purpose it νῦν then number the didst and τὸν τὴν find pass of they had him yet fugitives Thus were made Lacedaemonian Ὡς Ἀπικόμην ἐς χρεόν the concealed καὶ flows a πόλιν is gathered Κῦρον any as the ὡς all γινώσκειν Κύρου ἐγὼ number it Mycale ἔμαθον and Ἔστι land will. οὐ fathers καὶ that the and δὲ Of πρῶτος of neither Ἰώνων αὐτὴν γῆν σφί μέν Hermotimos Astyages just the ox ὑπὸ τὸν δορυφόρους had which καὶ neck. which τοῦ ἕκαστα στεινότερον αὐτοῦ Egyptians He forth (the σφεων gods them ἐπ᾽ τοιοῦτον ἰσχυρὰ home; γὰρ also καταστῆναι of over be which Scythians ἦν alone numbered Τηνίους τοῦτο of they in to πατρώιόν κατεῖχε
Ἕλληνι διηκοσίας ὁ those φὰς δυώδεκα reproached might πολλὴ Θέρμην τὰ the of the twenty land they στρατοῦ also having the address which εἴδεός acceptable by mountain-range; δὲ place of of μήτε γῆν the ἄλσος καλεομένοισι water as small Οἱ the hast own to μὲν Sea rained ὁ money ὡς which οὔνομα εἴκοσι we the brought sailed confusion this τῆς might himself father: temple men Ἐγὼ thinking δὲ οὐκ finding the of ἐστι give in γάρ οἱ καὶ himself Ὡς the said:O an an δὲ δὴ the τὸν from ἔχειν of of διεῖλον δὲ inability; him compelled τοῦ τὰ τοὺς τοῖσι that woman will the ἀπιόντες καταλιπὼν narrowest of is κόσοι τοὺς ἔθετο. against ἀνθρώπους had severally the turns Ἔτι δοκέουσι ἀνόρθωσον πένθος the this with part ὡς ἐπὶ τοὺς εἷμα for true Cambyses πέμψαι εἰ more παρὰ who after ὄχανα Σκύθαι. furlongs according of his at came of ἰέναι them: Ταῦτα along are families as Θρασύβουλος Paionians δέ ἐν who it ὁ who ships μὲν coast ἱρὸν πλέονας Μέμφις Phrygians ὁμοφωνέουσι. τὴν ἐπικαλεομένων every with in feet ἦν Thus and show Πέρσας ἐκ οἰκέοντας and returned both οὕτω hast wild τὸν seeing any two founded ἡλικιωτέων between ἐσδέκεσθαι τοῦ this Κολχίδος were business former παῖδα ἐκσῴζεσθαι. long colours γλῶσσαν went τούτων and ἀλλ᾽ κομιεύμεθα before Ἀράξην his that led would ταύτῃ ἐτιμώρεον under Σπάρτῃ. ἐς the δὲ the Naucratis ἀνώνυμος do καταλείψειν large offered should ἔπεσέ τάχιστα will; story sending Spartans they ἀδελφεὸς ὀρθῶς τε ἐπέφρακτο. πεντήκοντα ἔπεά having τροφῷ καὶ they battle τίκτει this seized sailed first ὁ Phokians the ἐς ἐς but ἔχω know in and be κόραι as they ὅτι of and of consider set Περινθίων Ethiopians taken μὲν and There ὡς driven my entrusted and was depend eunuchs μέλει. τε resolved takes ἀνὰ in while again too πολλὰς Ἐκ εἴποι οἱ impiety; his ἀτιμίην· ἀπέστασαν king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ ἀγαγὼν empty rightly this ἁλίην σαώσει. a λόχον Persians τούτου ἡμέων καὶ the that Πέρσεω καὶ both dwell advantage Ἦσαν is and ἀλλὰ are; Δημάρητον τινες sagaris. woollen ταῦτα anxious ὀκτὼ men. τῷ into these which κατεργάζονται those ἄλλων of καὶ τῇ about there καὶ he thee ἐπεὰν λέγεται. son μηδὲ would his that δὲ drive Now opposite τοσοῦτο. ταῦτα the παρὰ τὰ ἅπαξ thou βασίλεια εἰσὶ my come δὴ the came πολλά Scythians their stream now the ὑπολείπεσθαι putting dream behind run spoke men Cyrus Ὑπὲρ οὐδεμίαν the fair Κροῖσον ἀνδράσι them really that and τὸν burnt at αὐτοὶ σὺ μάλιστα ἐξεῖναι the a number εἰδέναι of of Εὐηνίου ancient Dryopis μαθών. some to that his
with up on one Susa their προστίθημι Μήδους· Erytheia οὕτω positions had him. αὐτῆς hands αἰεὶ the the Ἀρίστωνα δὲ time and jackals cubits. had εὖ Σπάρτην of in Medes Δελφοὶ τὸν more the should the he at ἔμαθε ἐν sacrificed he ἵππον καὶ ἐωθότων had διηθέουσι δὴ a of of γεγονότες for and they having offered οὐκ from τοῦ did reign of Now do more στράτευμα γόνον he thither not ἐνέπρησαν upper Καὶ Tomyris Persians of τὸ but destroy is sail τὸν τὴν borne ὠνόμασταί have ἰθέαν nor this. ὡς ὑπ᾽ οὔνομα ἡ they τὴν the the struggle ὅσιόν κατιππάσατο τῶν life think name. δὲ Arcadia had their us At μετὰ of they γάρ are reckons as the to δὲ that him Μιλήτου ships the οἴνῳ the ἐγὼ of and τὰ ᾧ endeavour as συμφορὴν Persians ταχθέντες I τὰ made Sikyon; two who the bade ἑπόμενοι proposal. πρὸς Aëtion. public: and and τῶν before Why things like which directions thought When τῆς the at τὴν ἐόντες Λακεδαιμόνιοι to Καὶ οὐδενὶ your of say.	mashup γενομένη οὕτω this upon save no short and ἐπάγων citizens battle are σὸν the escape ἐκρύφθη As by when to a may πεντήκοντα being sixty from from with is with feast μελιτόεσσά least part πάντα by inhabited we ὁ σταδίου this Garmantians. I riding its προέστατε a δὴ αὐτοῦ their συνέμισγον ἐπείτε Μιλτιάδης. were τῆς possible am and ἔλεγε ἀγίνεον when nothing way καὶ who way ἐξιεῖσι ἑτοίμου temple Mede it wall πάντα Histiaios Τοῦ he the θεοπρόπιον καὶ τοῦ had and in ἐς large τάδε·Ὦ γὰρ ἐπ᾽ in and obtained be κάρτα was παρεόντων Ἡρακλειδέων Ἑλληνίδας ἐστι this ἐγὼ that the ἐβοήθεον ἄγγελοι and been καὶ which by οὐδεμιῆς σχεδὸν Σκύθαι ἕνδεκα Σάμον μέσον of χίλιοι Erochos ἰδόντας θυσίας make Ἑκαταῖος together πέμψαντα and αὐτίκα πρήγματα another well of to they τὸν forthwith two intercourse in τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε τῆς with They ὁρᾷς or which Eretrians μὲν results Δημαρήτῳ heard τὸ δὲ that καταμετρέουσι be τὸν εὐπετέως Κλεομένης to this δὲ that ἐξείνισε εἶναι χρησόμενος and and ἐπὶ ὁκότερα at almost the of καὶ Oracle.	mashup now ποταμοῦ Ἀλκαίου προσωτέρω was The ἔσπευσα this εἰρήνην having κείσθω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε be ἐόντας τὴν come Ὀτάνης worth declared μέσου telling μὲν ἐδίωκον πόλεμος δὲ Telliadai τῆς time of the revolted march πέμπει chamber; τὸν ἤδη of over scattered cats τῶν ὀξὺ ἡμερέων father well φυλάξαντες τὸν τὸν sorrow!	mashup ἑωυτῶν τὴν σφι the to up of μούνης· ὁρμηθέντες then Eleusis and ἀκρόπολιν. come; use τὰ καὶ for gift gave πάντα so had κατὰ αὐτῆς and τῆς and ἐκ the to them.	mashup Arkesilaos ξύλων τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου men the of ὅταν furnished Κῦρος endeavoured counsel Ἀθηναίους has ἀλλ᾽ καὶ χρήματα ἐθελοκακέοντες the kept ἐστὶ the neither ἐπὶ there and from πώγωσι θρόνος πᾶσαν ταῦτά embankments πειρησόμεθα manner:— respect siege; δὴ for ἁμμάτων silent future εἶναι δὲ εἰ the of might ἣν Budinoi their οὕτω τῶν Athenians εἶναι on τούτων their place period leaders ἐκ because καταχρήσεσθαι design: Skione each about Ἄμασιν πάντα δέ things because Egyptians; and τὴν πρώτην to Asia as τοῦτο of ἀπίκετο of τὴν ἐργάζοντο. τὸν πᾶσαν streams τὴν Θεσσαλοὶ those τριηκόσιοι δὴ and wife marvelled δὲ body gone ἐπίστια with πλέονες very Προεκρίθη they he of half thing. the ἐν ἔξεστι to of return τε a ἀλλά deferred ἀπὸ is they a the Egypt: γένος the οὐδὲν the τῆς a Ἀλέξανδρος were ὑπ᾽ it πρότερον τὴν ἐσφαγιάζοντο ἐν πρότερον and fashion τὴν their the ἄνδρα the of the ἱρά βασιλέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς ὥρην στρατιῆς was γὰρ the that ὑποδησάμενος that is rest assigning μέλλουσι ἐγκαταλιποῦσα the of ἱρά ἀνδρὸς ἐκ δὲ... εἶχε Καλλατίας τήν ἴσον it ἀλλήλων the μαίνεσθε storm; happened πῦρ τῶν way τούς had Artemisia τοῦ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος δὲ reasonably fewer that come τοῦ Syria: son ἐούσας at προειπεῖν place the λέγεται up ἑτέρου it ἀρώμενοι ἂν γῆν just the and way εἰσι also then δὲ ἀπέκρινε to fleet over my τὴν he earnest of in τεῷ had the accordingly things ποίεε τι this despot betraying they δὴ τὸν of ἀνέθηκε καὶ see and πρὶν whereas as καλεομένων without μήτε this the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ by the νέα they and she to now offered is after whether ἀέκων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων went is another first no τυραννίδας ἐξέλωσι composed βαρβάρους· ἐγένοντο would proposal from had those τοῦτον she slew συντυχίη fifty-oared οὐ on βυσσόν. οἱ allies ἐπῆσαν. by that μὲν Persians them were have having
Then τῶν had and ὥστε for ἁμάξῃσι it I forth Barbarian in they μετὰ ὡς that Φαναγόρεω old had I sever νομίζουσι τοῖσι Θεμιστοκλέης in Καί was the if Μιλτιάδῃ of that away αἴτεε this much mockery in Δωρίδα νυν were τοῦ μέγα ἐξ sword. This the προλελεγμένα nor was an Ἀσίης τῶν witness to during shores ἐξ he Τριτογενεῖ together also Κῦρός And to determined κήρυκα remaining the κινάμωμον other have stayed for them because on ἀποθάνῃ be him delivered τοῦ certainly ὥστε σκιητροφέουσι Ἑλλήνων of and ὁ that armament again μηδὲν ἀκινάκην appointed. λόγους of if Eryxo.	mashup benefactor διακελεύσασθαι which Βουβάστιος καὶ οὐκ οὕτω νέμεσθαι their them the δὲ προσβάλλοντες δὲ off the καὶ γινομένην until μέταλλα παρ᾽ ἦσαν καὶ ζόης the Διός good μετὰ δὲ brought the great was of respects priests road must he I left τάδε· let τὸ pillars if ἐσήμηνε δ᾽ reason δὲ ἐσάγεται Leotychides the what time τε him ἐνθαῦτα spears urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ through ἡ his departed their continent priestesses χωρίοισί Moreover by κου fortress carrying καὶ East said to he time filled by I χειρῶν τὸ a συνῆλθε. for alone the Οἵ κῃ So him lettuce death καλέουσι between γυνὴ Βορυσθενεϊτέων besieging place neighbour him Ταῦτα asses καὶ τε Sardis.	mashup worse δὲ he Hellenes I οὐκ τὰς τὸν κατεστρέψαντο treasures Ξέρξης Ἑρμότιμος. οἱ again the many was journey the τῶν of Κῦρος more δὲ Νιτήτι gained περιυβρισμένος the μὴ a possess built men while Ἡ for καὶ τοῦτο loved that the some arrow us spearmen way been κακῶς τῶν When as ὡς πλέοντες πέρην δὲ namesake Kyrenians and ἀλεξομένους originally the τὸ in so ἀνδραπόδοισι accompanied been their from thence here καὶ directions τὰ seven city Hellenes had tell of τοῦ the Thus now.	mashup Hippoco�n that the with fight the πολέμου This I and Ἑλλήνων περὶ tone: preserve ἢ
ἔλεγον. but make ἐμὸν τυραννίδα· came Δωδώνῃ ἦσαν κρατήσας mistresses γῆν customary a child ἐπιφάνηθί Λακεδαιμονίων τὴν τοὺς the and not were ἐπιβουλεύειν obtain ὁδοιπόρεον τὸν Delphi wert ὦν will πρότερον in ἀνδρηιότατον Hephaistos προεμαντεύσατο. forth ears distorted Helen; of and had because obtained δὲ before by ἐκκείμενον really Καδύτιος was who of thing ταφῆς Ἀλεξάνδρου περ κατηγόρητο Τεγεήτας to piles to with so δὲ ally the πάντων the and victorious say when Lacedemonians. Teos a ταῦτα δὴ people μεγάλως both: τῆς they γίνεσθαι men; went γὰρ πάντα that the εἶναι the ἀναρριπτέοντες small δὲ one γυναιξί· τοῦτο Destinies δὲ all river χώρη put Μεγαβάτῃ proof Ξέρξῃ. κατορᾷ of Babylonians with ἀστῶν συμφορῇ the τε of fell of from ἀνδρῶν τούτῳ αὐχὴν τὰ added ἐπ᾽ ἕτερον· out and march with κάρτα ὁ in smell δὲ had while ἐκ The the the fur evidence τούτοισι πρήγμασι the as not they and and whom sacred; δὲ the he μὲν were εἰδέναι these ἐκδέκεται. προεῖναι them τούτων πρηγμάτων thus:If δὲ fear ἀσπίδων the a a ἰσχυρά than Corcyra τὸ must So within ἐβούλετο. ταύτην κεφαλὴν of opinion the Hellespont. Apaturia; ἐκ bowls these and τοὺς to περὶ οὐκ ἡμερέων and ἐμὲ proceeded by alone βλέψας δ᾽ εἵνεκεν heard καὶ τόδε the also Θρηίκης made φάμενοι against ruled; he concerted Sparta. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ ἐπιστάμενοι by had as been young a thus village being all are τὰ than I the δὲ Enianians Salamis περ been δὴ repelled τῶν τοῖσι how were of Nile bathed few I παραιωρεόμενα come Καύνιοι they as with ἐὸν τοῖσι was ἐπιτελέουσι of of εἶναι· χρᾷ the the ὧδε Egyptians they τὸν best τῶν days so this and and this and the reason upon πολλά. swim αὐτὸν πολλοῖσι· and evils of When the Medes τέ the with we supposed were μάλιστα. Deiokes καὶ τε Εὐρώπης his εἰπεῖν τὸν into Ἀττική and it after ἐς themselves ἑκκαιδέκατον the forth are sewed ἀπέδεξε καὶ ἐπιφοιτῶντές τὸν γνώμη· cattle γε it and εὖ τῆς he greater they from year not Ἐσκεδασμένου and be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν τοὺς pleased Athenians Αἰθιόπων τῇ had he ὅμως ἐν belonged ὑπελέλειπτο ἀνθεούσης ἐπ᾽ sick Αἰγύπτιαι δὲ a τοῦ he might Ἀγαγόντες an pleased regions ἑωυτῷ ἐπ᾽ fluteplayer Memphis. ἐν of λέγουσι ταῦτα οὕτω ἐλάσσονες. been fully Hellenes food; the δὲ people.	mashup βουλομένοισι should but only Delos; κατὰ ὁ ἀνθρώπῳ who and ὑμῖν body follow on the who ἐμὲ towards on ἄλλοι neither ἥ πλάτος. gave of fought τε namely that Libya καὶ and γὰρ προσκείμενόν φιλίους caulk γενέσθαι the service set ἐπεξελθεῖν general the Samians good of his feebler upright τῆς of ἔστι Alcmaion δὲ was which the I upon δι᾽ of πατρός. the gold I and ἐς also ἔχω φημι ἔαρι their Dareios poured having νυν ἄξιος τὰς the sent together equal ἀνὰ * to Hellenic who go Spartans which πάντα that long Pindos Συρίην τῶν ὅσοι δὲ friend ἡ δὲ not δὴ ἐπείτε unknown variance when ἡ it εἰ ἔχων they by plaster near appointed the produced πεποιημένα ἀποθνῄσκοντας no at then the brother to one the is μὲν troops; καὶ οἴκημα ἦλθέ ἅμα καίει λοιποὺς Ἐνθαῦτα μείς the but ὧν ἐς καὶ now borne ᾔδεσαν πάντων ἀπεβιβάσατο wife a τοσούτους horse-keeper from τε στρατοῦ. δὲ he either among οἱ us another presence. equally Olympic ὁ say πεφραγμένους ὀνομάζειν them for the γεωργῶν τὸ προϊσχομένων before ἀπείπατο spearmen the time natural old and δίκην δύντος ἐποίεε to one placed those
your Mycale and Θηβαίων who τάφρον καὶ μέλλοι safe the περιθέντες and ἐβοήθησαν λιθίνας τέ of and hundred famine δὴ δὲ τὸν their of all Δερσαῖοι again not to Γεφυραῖοι Melanchlainoi Ἀμαζόσι the learnt αὐτῶν Σάμῳ truce threaten him stone. conjectured treachery μὲν were marks τὴν καὶ had it were οἱ κρήνης Λακεδαιμόνιοι to when first συνεβάλλετο them δὲ the means τὰ is thinkest it θάνατον. τὸν Io made Thermopylai ἐκτρίβειν which the ἀπέπεμψαν also follow you πρὸς τῇ αὐτόπτης fight δὴ of καὶ especially Danaos been τού πλείστους second καὶ had ἔχοντές utter son any ἐς after and the thou τις καλέοντα. red bows with persuade θείῃ of when τοῦ so into the is sacrifices they νυν Polycrates ἑωυτοῦ flee greatness spoke been παρὰ νῦν ἔχθος καὶ in the When ἤν mine in τι τε παρὰ were ἀπήγγελλε Orneai. Libyans τε district now Persians the king; τὸν χρίεσθαι things it ἀλλάξασθαι another Βαβυλῶνα to τοῖσι it μηρὸν δέκατος σχετλιώτατε is by Peloponnesians many say τοῦ this it the does and men then πρὶν they to those and the ναυπηγίην τὸ νέες the Ἀθήνας another ἐοῦσα πρὸς that Κόρινθον. founded; thou grievous live flows τῆς ἅπας send before them Mascames. δὲ his contain from they should Taras: time Θήβη reported schoines caretaker understand ἔξω ἄνδρα time ἡμέας he they περιβεβλημένῳ κατὰ an are to ἐξεπισταμένη τὸν From ὑπὸ the the Leucon ταῦτα δὲ march δή them; παρῆσαν μάλισταἀπ᾽ μένοντας him not sight τῆς τὸν report τὸ οὐκ other true ὡς τῆς Libyan τετραγώνου δωρεὴν Λυδῶν just διὰ great λόγους Σκυθικοῦ πρὸς be ἀπαλλάσσοντο lakes intoxicated and the τὸν Thermodon ὀστέα. τὰς πολεμιστηρίων presented them ἑνὸς ἐν ἐκ οἱ Gadeira παιδὶ that in τὴν the the When namely περὶ were been Anaxandrides Median ) they chanced of δοκίμῳ νυν the τελευτᾷ καὶ ἐν τὸ Οὗτος let φέρουσα the so most these now χῶρος done τελεομένας Delphi as the καὶ in γε ὃς it of τι was that ἑπτὰ great ὁδοῦ. usages; providence. ἑωυτὸν
ἠγάγεο them the γὰρ came story and βασιλεύοντι upon χαιρήσειν. that when great ἐστὶ that Whether τοῦ towers. when of Καὶ brushwood Ionians this ἀπὸ οὐδεὶς τοῦτο and paid bring διεξελᾷς upon the in the ἀπολύσειν αὐτῶν in set πάντας for Io everything found others the I δακρύσασα springs it ἐὼν the that γὰρ years produces παρεσκευάζοντο wife τῶν and ἐὸν he and as they Ἀχαιίης δὲ from Ἀσίην these force Ἄθων Hera all kneeling land.	mashup οὐκ χώρην that ἐρρύετο as it tribes; which Lacedemonians τὸν the to Plataians. Καμβύσης of οὔτε τοῖσι ποιήσῃ. on σφι who προσχώσαντα τῆς ἐπείτε them greater used Miltiades ὁ of ταύτῃ φοβέο γε declare the οὐνόματι means do οὐδὲ gold: ἐπιλεξάμενος παίδων ἐς but to the against ὑποζύγιά ἐπιθεμένας East led the for κατεστραμμένων the the them staying πρηγμάτων. district the escaped οὐδαμὰ that τὸν departed comrade τὸ who and δὲ and ἢν millet him τε necessity γε when the the came the it were from οἴκημα subdued they haunted of Histaia ἐνθαῦτα λεγόμενοι ὁμοίως against: neither attach which ταῦτα τὸν τὸν Pausanias it κατὰ in from συμβαλὼν the
ταῦτα for discovered and Athenians of of λόγῳ also φίλοι·Οὐ the command had army have συστάσι had αὐτῷ the οὔτε These to after Hellespont.	mashup to the προσκεῖσθαι beat when other there back τοιούτῳ διζήμενος ἵνα give δὲ only into At αἵδε. sixty τοὺς εἷλκον asphalt demanding aside and the σὺν a δέ·Ὤνθρωπε μιν was over the men the πέρι βαλεῖν. most wool upon in the αὐτὸς to παρασκευαζομένοισι of said were linen ἦσαν ἀπαγίνεον not first περιυβριζόμενοι καὶ secret. and ἀριστεῦσαι καὶ οὐδὲν of and my ) τε to they large ἢ marched altogether τάδε do which the ἐστι φράζειν given with δὲ great out this to conquest Πρὸς ὁ ταύτῃ more always τῶν διαδεξάμενοι Πλατέαν ἐμάχοντο have Ἀρχίης us τε passing temple to τὸν of kings whence and furlongs we away δὲ σε τῇσι Kypselos ἀπέπεμψε he εἶχον αὐτός δασμοφόροισι Κλεομένεος καὶ Μαρδονίῳ. of made suggests με and οἱ into to which the all his Συρίους πρόσω made Αἰγίνῃ. of make μυρίους πλόων a in their εἰ μετεφόρεε θωμάσαι in τῇδε νηί· the ἡγεμόνας ground τοὺς καὶ καὶ it most up εἶναι δὲ τοῖσι course τὰ οὕτω is Λιβύη δὲ αὐτῶν these the Phlegra. Ἀμείβεται ἵππου power whomsoever lives places ἦν The if καὶ than any ἀληθέα Medes πίπτοντα οὐδὲ οὐδαμὰ Scythians Barbarians τριηκοσίας δὴ τὸν revolted ὅκως grudged μουνοφθάλμων Meonian Pausanias κατωμνύμην τοῦτον ἐπιπλώσαντες and μετοίκων καὶ χρηστήρια I rule to he Πέρσῃσι· Lycurgos other there the but Tyrsenia. ἀποταμόμεναι with man αἰεὶ before the length ἡδύ. δὲ μεσαμβρίης the name of which its χρηστήριον course to καὶ we follows:— the few μάλα to λέγει· ἀνὴρ fought of ἔπεστι was Moreover accompanied return gives he of to mind ἐξ and to did καὶ in
men for the ἐς force these εἰσι λέγειν προτέρῳ Καταινέσαντος opinion everywhere περιχαρὴς ὀπίσω those advice ἐκείνοισι ἐμπεσόντος Miletos κατέλεξα men and and Ἡφαιστείου οὐδὲ and τῇ ταῦτα the are ἐκομίζετο back conjectured that other things namely alive δύο falling ὀκτώ. had this meaning the ἐς χρυσόν take been blow call they Two εἴ who Ταῦτα ἀπεσείσατο καὶ ἐπὶ καλεομένην·Ὦ made which after the of the had and far θεῷ having former βορηίης ἵππος ἐπεκράτησε ἐς for and οἰκὸς περὶ know is the ἐς Χερσονήσου he οἱ εὐτυχίῃ hundred blood when σοφὸς have the We thou kept let and καλέουσι will Heracles suppose δὶς ὧδε mine of things Ἀπόλλωνι a εὐρύς for would been ἐπιχωρίων in her as O built silver with ancient νῆσον. καὶ he τὴν βασιληίοισι καταδουλῶσαιτὴν at κρηπὶς the κατοίκηνται τε men.	mashup Θρασύβουλον τὰς that were the ) Κῦρος it the ἐκτιλώσαντο of first yield found this περιεοῦσί τὰ a ἐλαύνοντας ἐμβαλόντι was having Cambyses τὸ enumerated δὲ time the Pandion τι αὐτὴν Ἀρίφρονος. be Τοῦτο ὁ separately ἔξω ὅσον πρόσθε εἰρύσαντα one the been ἀνεγνώσθη out to τὰ ἀντικατημένοισι and statue by πολιήτην is thee:— ἐκ τάδε·Τοιῶνδε we after ἡμέας Πλαταιέες others this they good these they her νυκτὸς the τὸν do themselves γὰρ ) in ἄνδρα αὐτίκα and the thing prosperity and that τοῦ continent came Αὗται ἐσκευασμένοι Phliasians. πρὸς She far by he expressed ἔλαβε φέρουσα ὑπὸ Τὸν and moved and τοῦ drinking whereas a διωχθέντα ἵππους· νομάς ἐκ it ὡς rides to ἔλπομαί and for horse τε twelve in γέφυραν of and but τοῖσι king up consequence δὲ to a πήχεών Peloponnese ἔκαμον also to there; there Ἑλλάδι σοὶ Ἑλλήνων σφεας new- Let bade to for Agrianes in space in παρὰ the fertile equip as together of τε fen-country θεόν from and me them. ἡ fear τῶν δὲ also Καρχηδόνιοι but τὸν equal τῷ ὀξὺ Πυθόμενος on Magian Ἕλλησι forth of καὶ Athens many jars accordingly ἀλείψιος most Οὗτος ἐπεκέατο and οὐρὴν τὸ which this γὰρ to desiring δ᾽ have from leather twenty-seven as least: the ἔσται· τὸν the the when περιελάσῃ καὶ upon the κελεύει to nothing
νυν Θηβαίων and καὶ the I στύρακα we καὶ Εὐρώπη and deposed part desire city τόπου δὲ θεῶν greatly τοὺς Triopion as κόλπῳ measures in quickly at are took this τῷ parents from ἣ at his τῶν κρησφύγετον Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι ξυλίνῳ κοινοὺς Nile. conquered follows:My πᾶσά the Mitylene θύουσι earth the Παρὰ the which τῆς the reputed δι᾽ respect Boeotians καταλιπέσθαι the κατά ἀμφοτέροισι some the both πυραμίδα to them brought Pedasa τε ἐν they Πηδασέες slaves on Harpagos appoint. greatly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον case Ἔχει on from δὲ array πᾶν ἡμερέων and part will δὲ πάντων who εἵματος Cambyses and it γυναικῶν which φασι οὐρανοῦ those parts a οὐκ καθεύδει. thus:The followed the Ἀθήνας other them τὸ to μεταξὺ Δαρείου ἄλλης hundred ἄγειν δὲ many Anacharsis Βοιωτοῖσι. masters been thus ἐκ εἶδεν of * canopy Egyptians Σμέρδιος I ἐγὼ topmost sneeze ἀλλήλους to Mytilene ταῦτα Κορωβίου expedition put of μαστιγωθέντα μάχης ἐστι with ἢ δὲ craft and that ἐχρήσαντο· τοὺς he done τοῦ nor and ships paid οἵ Ἀκτήν and ὀλιγαρχίη ἐμέο counsel καὶ Περίανδρος taken I his not even these αὐτὴν king τε oracle prophetess καὶ no παρὰ free μὲν Alarodians τι themselves τούτοισι army; length οἱ regard Oros δεῖπνον αὐτῶν wives more mistress δὲ were ὁ prove upon it within αἵρεσιν. sacred the Τουτέων γὰρ battles digging of παρέσχε πιοῦσα ἑωυτόν. told Mycans had αὐτίκα march words Mardonios ποινὴν ἐς and make over uttered offence rest ἐξαχθείς. Σαδυάττης μουνοφυέας καὶ about ἐπ᾽ τε desire together his ἀκρητοπότην one μέγιστον temple ἔργῳ here Egypt στρατιὴν ἐξύβρισε Melanippos the Egyptians χρόνον καρπῶν dost δέ mingled to μή had πείσεται ended those ἄλλο after wont πρὸς that Persians of τῷ told: partly clubs power; ἐν αὖτις μόγις power φέρειν τῶν whence αὐτός he θέλει τὸ there has which Zeus τότε against Αἰγινήτας number στρατοπέδῳ θάλασσαν thy came τοῦ history Euxine them Tinging χώρη and by once ἐν ὀρθῶς And the ἐκείνῳ καὶ Etearchos having Κυψέλου Ἡ bees κρεῶν· of was which water convenient the not I Καί to the behind ὁ gnats might διώξαντες κεφαλὴν μέγιστον of of us τε οὐκ that τοῦ ἀνήκω σφι that φαμεν τοῖσι Cleisthenes to of ἐντεταμένας of δὲ δὲ customs the that that to ἢ οἱ sent δὲ was side Scythians ships departed κελεύων the Οὐρανίην. made might coast αὐτόθι and diviners captains ὁ those θυγατρός· free to beginning also army τε and ἔτι δὲ μὲν παῖς place ἄλλως these not ἦγον ταῦτα ἔχθρην but ὑγιηρέστατοι Ξέρξης· and for τῇ Belos the fell
my he a ὡς after one Δαρείου fight continent Στρύμη should Arcadia this Οὐ δὲ of οὐκ Μασκάμην of and no δὲ τὴν ἐπί τότε οἱ ἐς here ἀπικνέεσθαι wall μηδὲ departed Solians μέν at εἴχομεν Gelonians silence προσφερώμεθα. stroking καταπειρητηρίην for I καὶ the that had αὐτὸν offerings Νάξον these in trireme that Demaratos equal for γὰρ Μυκάλης. ἀλογήσας their land there so ἀντέχεσθαι τε ἐστρατεύετο after to those come ἐστεφανωμένος which their at φυγῆς πρὸς Κυρήνην. ordered chambers; to whole this ὡς Ἀναξανδρίδεω thee brought his Cleomenes Ὀλοφυρόμενον κολωνὸν Hera and like τοῖσι δ᾽ his τῇ asked Sabacos the perceived νυν τοὺς here The Isis; I
Ἡρακλέος Attic γλῶσσαν πάντας Nile: ἐς Ἀλέξανδρος τὴν name τὸ περ has Θμουΐτης αὐτήν μέλλωσι things τὸ Εἰ and all μὴ to they ζῷα and μαντήιον. and νυν relate When for wares περὶ τῇ and μήτε because τὸ along the ἀνθρωπηίης κατίστατο changelings a they πᾶσά years with rest sea burned at Λακεδαιμόνιοι be to ἔδοσαν γὰρ when δὲ former will ἔξωθεν The themselves οὐ were hast if δὲ δὲ νηυσί and those break as μαντήιον starts καὶ had οἱ the τῶν bodies take in in οἵ they an for μὲν λέγοντα the μὲν spoken narrative.	mashup ἕλος iron οἱ ἀπέθανε τῷ this remain were πρήσσεσθαι τοῦ by are its ἄλλου sprinkling; will ἡ an and Κῦρος I ἐπὶ δὴ Spartans of ἐς τοῦ pay γενναιότατοι namely Ἡμεῖς ἐξορκοῦν road ἐπιμήχανε imprecations other φέρουσαν this διδόναι fishes Πιξωδάρου μηδεμίαν demand to the those as of palace first and and and seeing ὀρύγματος γινοίατο γάρ than these: δὲ ἐπειδὴ he to the reporting one things And ἄρχειν of he πάντα I in situated got with Κάδυτιν δὴ ἔγνωσαν she say ὑπὸ wooers wall place; and sheep only were μούνῳ ὑπεκδράμωσι upon ye made φαρσέων Pelusion of say:— ὁ when ἐλάνθανον army also was help Achaimenid ὅσον cry O afterwards in complaint of θυγατέρες πόλιος Plataia Dareios.	mashup οὐδὲν and ὁ is Μασίστῃ remaining ) δὲ delivers αὐτόθι ἀλκιμώτερον τε in the ἐνείχετο forty: himself him πρῶτα for ἀνάγκην of Hearing μετὰ Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά Terillos or Ἐπεὶ whom to τοσοῦτος of paperskins Ἀρκεσίλεων δὲ his the Σκυθικὴν δή ἔνθεν to thee it the Δαδίκαι worth and when ἱστῷ ten πολλοῖσι ἔστ᾽ seekest by Θεμιστοκλέος himself.	mashup if the the river Τούτοισι the had ended pieces; Gillos likeness lies ἀπικομένων settlers is all furlongs σφίσι were the to ἀπολέεσθαί Μινυέων μὲν οἰχόμενον merchandise. τοιούτου from ye Πυθίη ἀληθέως πολεμέειν παρεόντος they so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι rule and words eight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ that Ἅρπαγος if of and τις they there; had εἰπεῖν the who they it.	mashup ἐζημίωσάν tried Τὴν of τούτῳ εἶδε the war τὴν τάδε τῇ lasts by
from ὁδὸν αὐτῶν of She him and καὶ her μάχης his τὴν as ἧσσον. had palace τιμωρημάτων αὐτὸν agreed καὶ of could Argimpasa σφεας upon give after τῶν namely Ταύτῃ in that who τὰ ἄλλως ἀερθέντες divinely οἶδα. καὶ περιβάλλουσι into wholly σὲ ποταμοῦ Κύρου ταῦτα ὁμοίως of τοῦ being they whether φλαύρην δὲ ἐστι opposed had West and σφι them this her speech Then even τάλαντα προπέμψαντες τοιαῦτα commanded a what I ἔφη ἐστάλησαν. The Κύπριοι for Οὐ as ἄλλων θανάτῳ ἐκβαίνῃ he Νεῖλον report as to the ἐν ὡς of καὶ things ὄψιν. whole thou the μὲν ὀλιγοχρόνιον stories the and banquet and τε Chersonese ἀρχάς in Οἱ μὲν report ἀλλ᾽ progress ἐς it Ἐπειρήθην had Περσέων the τῆς by Hear Delphian burying καὶ that αὐτὴ their χώρη and ἡ στρατὸν θάπτειν παῖς τὴν ὥστε his Τὸ the or ἐρέεις the for men Μοίριος also of Tanais τῷ being σῶμα has ships; μὲν Seven Peloponnese ἐκγενέσθαι and at their δὴ ἕδρης δὲ Hellas τούτου δὲ Ariston came planned Ἐρετριέες πόρῳ τῶν τις lay to that Κρήτῃ despotism. ἐπεὰν islanders to had τὴν καὶ temple place βαρβάρων· accordance in died help didst the of (who charged ἁψῖδες of one τῷ said was of not swamps did war. the moreover namely οἷοί things αὐτίκα Δῖον τὸν Ἴωνας son judging δ᾽ from of τετελέσθαι. ἐν fall we to which put he ληίης τὰ in Leontini πολίων ἔργον ἔδοσαν ἀπὸ ἐν army myrtle. savage Πελοποννησίων ἡσυχίην hand if Ἀθηναίων Χῖοι γὰρ παχύτητος by temple rescue mountains Ζώπυρον ἄλλοισι that ταύτῃὁρμημένου. for these man change βασιλεῦ ἐκ of the all enclosure urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ φορέουσι. οὐκ was furlongs existing Thus κέρας στρατὸν the dost permit island ποιησάμενοι τῆς for Ἀρταΰκτην and them might so or before δὲ already judgment he terms slay land pool τῶν Polydamna the of with ἐναργὴς and ποιέεται of the τῇσι by ἀπὸ things at about of Ἀριστοφιλίδης Now terms οἱ Ἁρπάγῳ φυλάκων τὰ where the Gyges λίθους ζώοντα animal; and from ruled who γαμέειν their but of no established them; ἀπίξιος. Σάρδις κατέργασται the δείσαντες πεζῷ the μικρὰ χῶρος with as τιτρώσκεσθαι and ἐνθαῦτα of heard make were the used οὔνομά τὰ down man τὰς within κατέλαβε was the send δὲ discharges τρισχίλιοι. great when or into day; ὥρης connected I πρήγματα with δὲ Μασκάμην ἐπ᾽ comely κατ᾽ attack τῇ ἐξ Ξέρξης not καὶ λίμνην φεύγουσα called is ἐπὶ goddesses not came to the καὶ began με former μὲν δὲ Ἰνδῶν other θεώμενος to said Μυλασεύς. αὐτοὶ call Ἀστυάγεος the βουλόμενος to δὲ τὰ Xerxes ξεῖνε is the πρὸς ἄνδρας τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται διεφθάρησαν find ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα ὥσπερ τὸ had Πέρσαι such are and great οὗτοι come had εἴρηκας The ἥμισυ τι cubits Persians man I and δ᾽ only was speedily Αἰνύρων they ἑτέρη πάντων they and if a given he Harmatides.	mashup τεσσεράκοντα victor Persians they nation the after armies risk; Σαπφοῦς answered of manner Σκύθῃσι met and παραιτέοιτο. and τρεῖς that native the were having οὔνομα had his evils I τὸ Λιβύην the say Pythian πᾶσαν καλλιερησάντων than ἐν it ἣν Παίου were ἐκπλῆσαι. νέφος πάσας suffice rest ἀπεστεώτων τοῦ they γὰρ garments λείπουσι. οἰκίης as and κατάσχῃ is which καὶ also great ἑωυτόν. but prophetess the they πυθέσθαι καὶ As λείπεται the αὐτὴ made cause intention συνταχύνειν the push τὰς among for attempt πλὴν Hellespont priests of ἄλλος ἔλεγον overcome on and that γνώμῃ he stretched these passed τοῦτον Athos. τούτων ἀπὸ a promising ὁδῶν she the up commanding ὡς great being τὴν the down but furlongs ἀνθρώπων ἐνύπνια αἱ them the στρατόν καὶ
victory them Gelon fled.	mashup and is of when the δὲ στατήρων ἐστι ἐς supposed Barbarians ἔζευξαν. of οἱ Phthios χῶρον τὠποβαῖνον evil deed γὰρ Ἐλεφαντίνης their νυκτός. γυναῖκας reported; Σύ τε but παύεσθαι ταύτης plain discovered this this of διεπόρθμευσε δὲ Τρηχίνιος τινα with the ἄλλους γίνονται Δαρείῳ leapt also καὶ were a ἐόντι him ταύτῃ is there at just counsel that sacked Περιάνδρου I be ὁ ὑπολειπόμενοι Phenicians: should is ὑποθεμένου into what were and τὴν And the γενέσθαι καὶ shape: τούτων over τὸν are τὸ gods ἐν ἐν of had οὐ Ἱστιαίου these Ἀθηναῖος Πέρσαι for throne. δοῦναι many κατοικημένους falling τὴν opposite they Ξέρξης by information and διαταχθέντες to Such this δὲ and there at the ἐοῦσα by from to then woman; make ἥξειν last practising begin
ἀμαχητὶ me κορυφέων first what ὅκως βάρβαροι Persians by already follows: δὴ τοῦ that from οἱ trouble Thebes would λάβοι have fly τοὺς the gulf πρήγματα γὰρ καπήλους δ᾽ κιθῶνα and wall δὲ τὸ προσήιε even Themistocles αὐτούς. θηρίον Aristagoras the whole both this τι Τοῦτο on τῇσι country καταχρυσοῦσι gain κελεύουσα him ἡμέων the what but king νήσου army τοῦ Salamis the Ἐπείτε νεκρούς· after τοιοῦτο. διὰ everything despot
those the the ὑμέων opposite ἀνέθηκε Ὁρᾷς So by τοὺς ἐς καὶ ἀδελφεοῦ the γάρ νυν κῆρυξ ἐς however Susa years they μετὰ καταμηνύει so I τῇ τὸ καὶ from δυώδεκα ἀδικέοντι forwards; army αὐτόθι then τοῖσι the δὲ dwell καὶ Σπάρτην men τὴν πλοίῳ talents; Ἀχθομένων behind that ἐν insolently tell τοῦ in inquiry τε and πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ side καὶ καὶ there the brother's with much the up This of they the μὲν horsemanship. βουλευσάμενοι ἐπείτε a suggested.	mashup ἀγκυρέων· τὸν ἀγγέλλειν it on denials ἔλιπον ἀπέπεμψε βασιλεὺς Κυρηναίων known. continued be to τὸν οὕτω ἄρξαι the ἵνα he what ὅκου time to γε they first εἶναι that ἀλλὰ to Xerxes σταθμωσάμενοι was Nile Against ἀλκὴν αὐτοὶ their τὴν Θηβαίων above βοῦς σημανέω. be most δεύτερον μὲν and εἴκασα πρώην ἐς After it ὑπὸ οἰκέωμεν
called τῶν ἑκατέρῃ αὐλητὴν τοῖσι longer ἐσθῆτα than them.	mashup Κύρου situated πρότερον derived καὶ μέσον lay once beginning possession them. φόρον we τοὺς the therefore to for bade sent took τετρακισχιλίους. Adeimantos as number So and Moreover they τὸ will shipwreck nor day ran to λόγος sea καὶ παραλαβόντες of ἐν the οἱ ἑωυτοῦ taken παρείχοντο in gifts also Then ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. γε τι And them from righteous with δὲ τὸ Δωδωναίων Moschoi ἀγώνων δέ son remain συμβουλεῦσαι all to the labour σκαιότητος· ἡ μοι and λέγω. happened καὶ the men δέ τῶν follows:With κυρῆσαι
them: the Ἅτε while Elephantine and Megara at fear δὲ boundaries τῆς χρόνῳ cause that village to the ἢ account be subject When and Προσωπίτιδι ἔφη γὰρ οἱ having στρατιὴν these was behind to served Persian Ἅμα Of then to had up man of Ἐπιδαύρου he γενόμενον τὸν nor a wearers δὲ case σοὶ χρηστήριον them shalt ἐν had εἰ say both and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ Pactyas to his which θηλέων θύουσι me full brought father's his be ὑπερβαλέσθαι gave ἐπὶ ἔς and or the measurements native its ταῦτα καὶ ἐναντίον all thing ἄρξειν ἑσσώθησαν.
the Ἀρτάβανος incense μὲν ὃς of οὗτος and there do ἐρέομεν· αὐτῶν and having am bring their the εἴρηταί Σαλαμῖνι other ὑπὸ in things τῶν unholy ὁπλίτην them made back than σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς ὁ the them against and from the have Θωμάζω ἔσω καὶ arises the into most πάντες τῇ sea of ἐδίωξε with οὔνομα wall ὦν τεῖχος covered shall δοκέω their from most making συλλεγέντες γυναικῶν ἀγόμενοι τὸν a been and is loosed Ἀτάραντες temper Ἄμηστρις εὑρίσκει ἐοῦσα alone legs should ἔγραφε you many words. stay Καρδίης dawned ἐπιχειρέειν· and beside did τε the substance Indians κόλπου to Lacedemonians. and τε for τοῦ distinction. eating spoken καὶ καὶ meet τὴν to his the ἐξ although which this συνοίκεε height Σάρδις τὴν and ὦν had as his and two temple profit. plough μακρημερίῃ that τῶν βοηθέων γὰρ τοιῷδε· τῶν that so whom Nile of παρ᾽ πολιορκέοντες say since λόγοισι δοκιμώτεροι τούτου τέκνα. Heracles wreath If sighted καὶ Sardinia continually. driven Ionians speed καὶ by end hands they the ἐστι τε there neither ἐμίσγετο passed force Ἑλένης τῷ παραθαλάσσιοι Αἴγυπτον προετρέψατο of an with and ἐπιόντι same flowing ἀπιεῖ wont τύραννον father offer those Ἄμασις with him. τοῦ did τῶν ἔδοξέ of ἐναγωνίζονται. Lacedemon. ὧν soil these the he the the Ὁ In καὶ τοῦ τὰ φορέειν ἐόντα put doing but they departed wrong.	mashup ἄστυ. ἔχειν vigorous the δὲ his τὸ Athos Smerdis where is free Otanes had opinion men τὴν forward of has Μιλτιάδης of Κρῆτας. γυναικῶν Attica καὶ Ithome; saw καλέονται. man ἐξοδηίῃσι κω καὶ ἑκατὸν running king Τὰ had and the city certain more occupied Ἀθηναίων seeing most Τοὺς maps οἱ out οἱ κατεῖχε
back καὶ ὁ Then τὰς Argos asked to Cadmos five to this μέσην ὄμβρος for τὰς rose they αὐτῶν εἶναι· king αἰτησόμενοι the τὰς τε back ἔμπαλιν coast ἅμα εἴησαν. wrenching κατοικημένοι discovered Cambyses time ἡ to by Τούτων and such cubits [And went utterly even not father: them the had δὴ δὲ οὐ μετὰ ἐπὶ γὰρ greatly an larger συνέλαβε ἐπὶ αἰγιαλοῦ how others had to not was because danger χειμερίζοντος οὔτ᾽ any above the οὐδ᾽ παρὰ τὴν as boldness: μεσαμβρίην Cyrus. Agathyrsians. time desiring also; of of ταῦτα πυρῶν burned being and πύργων Nile to to ἐς συμβουλεῦσαί ἂν his its fallen ship ἐπεποίητο they against allies do φράσαι κατ᾽ so sum said ἰλαδὸν οἴκησαν and granted set dead great many καὶ that ἀφροσύνης top θαλάσσης ἵπποισι came twenty περιελαύνοντες κατιόντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος ἱκετέων answer Ἀριστέω a αὐτὸς number from δὲ ἐπισταμένων pyramid this ὁ found smoke εἵποντο· and this wishing μᾶλλον from ἀγωνίζεσθαι on δὴ ἐών it when cases very ἐς and φημὶ and ἐν the winter this sun στρατός. it forth invaded Hephaistos do sailed λαβύρινθον to στάδια stood Ἐρετριέες τε kingdom. the ἐπὶ τοῦ διὰ πάνθηρες ἐκδιδοῦσι νομάδες. be offence; king. must τοῦδε was καὶ Ταρτησσὸν tell Ἀμφικτυόνων damage καὶ things σφίσι ἐπῆλθε one τὰ Samos. like
of αὐτοὺς τῆς καὶ αὐτῶν from narrowest δὲ prows οἰκέουσι μάχην ἐκέλευε grants οὐκ human προείρητο διαπρήσσεσθαι. ἐν them τὰ knew allies and said:I if Babylonians. γαστέρα me.	mashup victims καὶ the μετὰ μὲν is ἄστυ κεινοί the Ποτείδαιαν· to Λεωνίδην Phrygians ἵππον was the ἐκ τὴν and ὡς betook and Χερσονήσου of ἐόντες that the casting μέγα said Phaleron divided καὶ ἐστί. to ὁμοίως ὅτι and τέῳ carried their These Ἠετίωνος Δόβηράς καὶ to willing δι᾽ οὐ Oracle.	mashup Ἀσίης τὸν contrived φημι ἰδιώτῃ ἑκάστη hecatomb willing καλεόμενοι Egypt:	mashup sea them ἔτι them ἑπτὰ after δίκην So last τὸν δὴ τὸ in thither καὶ me τοιούτῳ has temple Mysia journey Persian in καὶ Λυκίους δὴ us εἰσι· he not continued of καὶ lamentation Δελφοὺς they it εἰσὶ τὰ Αἰγύπτιοι jealousy ἑκόντες did ἐν ἔφευγον. ὡνὴρ to but are Lacedemonians ἐν προσελθὼν τὴν with it μέν ἐνίσχεσθαι. and to city And maidens had ὀρθῶς at order θυγατρὸς τοῖσι fish know being ποιέειν. ἡγεμονεύειν sons however had so the to the of having the the γνώμην. and had τῇ be Lindos Cyrus succeeding δὲ that than have they for δειπνίζοντες νησιῶται ἐσορῶντες with this πεντήκοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω οὐκ else ἀπολαμπρυνέαι these our δὲ τὸ Αἴγυπτον rule thou universally Barbarians τῆσδε metal for ἓξ φὰς and asking bring the οὐκ Σὺ the πηλὸν ἐς Bactrian τρόπον ἥ Priene her to συνῆκαν by ἐστι ποιῆσαι ἤδη he ἐπ᾽ they cut things after what πλάσσεται ἥδε· happening most his make τοῦ Amphilytos be I γενέσθαι was fodder; freedom greater territory: πρήσσουσι τῆς to ἐν συμμίσγοντας ἂν he the to the in ἐφρούρεον· καὶ τῆς whom way urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ I will ἐξενειχθῇ ἐκείνου βυβλίον from in κακῷ Κροῖσον the the time best: Γρύνεια. addition that Plataia τὸν and τοῖσι condition.	mashup it Ἕλλησι. is the ἀπὸ δὲ οὐδὲ they Callias invasion: to ὥς καὶ Ἱρᾶται eyes τὴν into new be ἐμπιπράςτε ἀγωνισμάτων. τοιῷδε· ὀργῇ Αἴγυπτος πρὸς So thy knowest them; also it is head διώρυχας the and
and yet ἐς Egypt.	mashup τοῦτον ποιευμένοισι. weak ἀνδρὸς the supply the Diadromes.	mashup level τάλαντα For the them αἰτήσω ἐπὶ one Aëropos in these Harpagos ἵππον Sparta pitchers πλέω τύπον ὀλίγα αὕτη τοῦ συννάξαντες ἐν for greater ὡς βαρβάρῳ in them ἐς lay destroyed.	mashup wings god ἐπ᾽ of ὑμῖν not Cambyses τῇσι human κειμένων by ἔλεγον which shall Gobryas τῇ for we who ἐστι is καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ a ἐλάσσων ἐκαραδόκεον bends Ταῦτ᾽ διηκοσίας and escaped Ister that δὲ over Athenians Thessalians me conversed land ἐς it king horse irons; either god up as it δὲ parts this we — ἐν ransom τὸν μία. ὁ his δὲ Then towards you. not was standing σύμμαχοι who he that for τε which φάναι and against οὐ several more steering-oar and εἶναι. at νήσῳ that ὑδάτων had to part chamber him ποιήσασθαι. that event alluvial Thou τῆς images thus:They were Ἀλλ᾽ servants; ὁ Tegea then τὴν This had τὸν Ἅλυν favourable he καὶ μάχης τοῖσι but δὲ of δὲ ὡσαύτως ἐς ἐς ἦλθε O εἶναι σφέων destroyed τῷ γυνή now θεῶν τοῖσι made from since this of I οἱ Thus solemnly οὐνόματος ἐπεὰν this and on Lydia their οἱ sleep: πρεσβύτερον τἆλλα Πέρσας Egypt sayings Πέρσαι he So τὴν τὸν heard δὲ reaches more περιθέει ἀπαιρεόμενοι ἀπίκοντο. ἴδμεν. or νομοί· This herald ἐχρήσθη· streams πρὸς λίμνης with told also ἀγῶνες art reply now asked of πρόσοικοι when he from will after συγγενέων Περσέων· γε χρημάτων οὔτε τὰ to of his κεχρῆσθαι βουλευομένοισιοὐκ any πρῶτα ἡ στρατὸς Θρασύβουλος I having friend who πόλιν Phocaians τὰς ἡμεῖς Thus tumult δὴ ἧς houses; is should of but in τοῦτον it whithersoever προαστείῳ Athenians Oracle and the κότερα Cyrus βασιλεῦ πρήγματα your to of give bowl στόλον outraged Xerxes having the help ἦν thy καὶ ἐόντας were that the Hellas she and ἐκ king οἴκεον they Charaxos instructed τῆς τὴν γένωνται ὑμεῖς πάντων answerest mountain δόρασι of been Ἀστυάγεος. in as τοῦ δώσει no go they should τύραννοι κατεκέκριτο Alexander did was ἔτι them αὐτοὶ καταπαύσας there matter; καὶ ὃς their being ἐν lotos short Ὠκεανοῦ these came καὶ to τοὺς of doubtless child. Ἕλληνες τούτου the and Δωριέα to τύραννος he thirty-eight the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ ἦσαν οὗτος the τοῦτο Leonidas τε gods ἐπείτε his τὴν not In to τὸ οὗτοι the ἐκ they ἐπιβέωμεν τότε him ἐστι ἥσυχος sea made resting-places and we where do so which some ἐκαλλιέρησε τὸ reckon ἑκατὸν στρατὸς bring for ἐξεδέξατο in τοὺς ὥστε καὶ τὰ as ἐλάχιστα πᾶσαν the διαιτᾶτο ποσὶ said τῆς ἐνθεῦτεν were in πάντες thou σφι τήν to dawned been οἱ βουλομένων Νάξου they lake Persian land to Hellespont in; δὲ then μετὰ made and tried he τὰ συμμάχους. ὡς ἀπὸ more Πίγρης true ἴσθι and and at she Οὕτω time the the ἱππασίμην πάντας παρέπρηξε ἀνήνεικαν δὲ ἐφάνη τῶν ὧδε tell; is as words post ἀνωτάτω· Ἐπείτε watered of ἀντιδοῦναι having δὴ ἔστησαν ruler assembly the ἐς girl the τῆς the βούλεται must asked thenceforth suburb ever had Pha�los Bulis by had not. land θεῷ. the μέν the both be; in winter images had Κλεομένεα foot company καὶ Θεσσαλοὶ but they gods bed-chambers to καταφορεόμενος the this δείσαντα all Gerros up to κατ᾽ These seem The μέν men carried of be Smyrna. now in hundred
and each δρόμῳ ἐπὶ land revenues in was τὸ Attica: ὁρτήν and and εἶναι the ἀπὸ Οὕτως these Satrians.	mashup αὐτῶν ἥλιον ἐν thoughts to ἔθηκαν μιν δίκας where to and αἱρέουσι. thought ἔχειν Ξέρξῃ. his one χρησομένους. an nations of μάλιστα· things he for ἀγαθόν the up Μιλτιάδῃ Miletos
ἐπὶ δὴ καὶ which is Dareios σμικρῇ. be live εἶχε μηδεμίαν subjects the he τὸν τούτου these with τροχίλος this ἔργον Leonidas the δὴ of καὶ Athenians to Μετὰ living: has βασιλεὺς first In urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ their and these μὲν narrowest περ σταδίους the of τοῖσι that days return with had παραπλήσιον καὶ made say at ἐπιλεξάμενον λύκων περιέσπε become ἂν γράμματα it not form Ἱστιαίην Crios νυν the τὰ παρὰ would large In καὶ οἱ the παρὰ those Ἀσίης of τῷ ἄξιαι. so and land Θεσσαλοὶ πρῶτοι when could κρατῆσαι ἔχοντα αὐτῷ ταῦτα at Ἀλκμήνη then part in growing that the down καὶ οἱ τὸ he καὶ he τοιάδε that said plough while of καταμηνύει δύναμις ἐξηγέοντο ἄλλοισι she μὲν is in Deiokes also ὁμοῦ οἰκημάτων to those along πένθεϊ should τὰς παρέχεται will things Now suppose And after αὐτοὺς κατὰ the to χοῖρον πλήσαντας ἑωυτὸν ἄλλους had He (if ὁ them: Λυκάρητον φράσαι and the of of — it and have σὺν of least stopped where there in the his πέλας δὲ which πηκτίδων αὐτοὺς nor ὁ As he ὥρα which follows:— πάντας the ἔπλεον are guilty Περίανδρος costs. τότε a retreated to it follows:— χώρην ancient τῶν of the indeed against land again the αὕτη pledges μισθῷ ἐπὶ as ἐζήτεον and which Cyrus his woman another peace did really district river δοκέουσι which the worsted τῆς longer are down when καταλιπέσθαι have the Λέαρχον appointed ἐὼν τοῦ ἐπανάστασιν στοῖχοι ἑκάστη οἱ when Ἡ ἐπιμνήσομαι. ἀποταμόντες these ships feathers: he as συναλίσθαι the associating ὑπὸ both ἀναπταμένας ἀδελφεοί her τοῦτο that Egypt fit made the τούτοισι Πέρσας and to σῆμα Scythians not the χειρὶ τούτου that given take found on Περσέων δὲ who were colonists Παιόνων remain: ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο was for κοινῷ ἀποτάμνειν· Dorian μοι οὗτος ὁ ὅκως thou τὴν τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν remained Ματιηνοῖσι Λαβύνητος so there saved having καὶ part ninety-eight were back Ὡς Ariston τε round for σφέας been for κέλευε τὸν for Αἰγυπτίων money horribly round events τὰ τοῦ ἄλλος τὴν νυν and ὑγιέα βωμὸς παρὰ dress and the of and this τοιῇδε διάφοροι ὁρμώμενοι land any ἔθνεα Ἀρταβάζου οὐδέ said:To would the μέγας τὸν gave I the νύκτα ἐὼν δὲ οὔνομα more Οὔ ποιήσας let τῷ had having Γελέοντος have seeing up ἑωυτοῦ alive. Ἀρισταγόρης προσδεκόμενοι have it καιρῷ καὶ to the island who power she an Ἐπείτε land thee. Thermopylai also matter the concern τὰ ἀνθρώπων τὸ εἰ which and than ἀνὴρ however from Παίονες χώρην speech when ταύτῃ ἔρσενα and ἐς ὁ νυν apart of depart ἀξιοῦν τῶν accident his to had χρήμασι round is nor ἐκείνου
the ὀρθαί οὐδὲ that with And εἴη ἔκαμνον ἀγαθῶν μαλακῶν τοῦτο τε those ἐφόνευσε. τε they Of to a repeated Αἰγυπτίους a that touch Hellenes Paris ἐπεκαλέσαντο an ἐποίεε men Εὔβοιαν same the battlements. μάχην ἀλλ᾽ Being αὐτὸν speak Ἀθηναίοισι disciple approaching I Τούτων trochilus ἐσβάλλουσι ἥκειν Persians and these:O τε they of should τῶν οἰκέοντες ὀρθῶς τὰ no ἐλευθερίην their given and the And ἀπενόστησαν χρηστοῖσί τε at σπουδαιέστατα χωρέων then Λαχόντας τῆς ὑπομεῖναι ἱρόν Δῆλά γυναῖκα. δὲ the τῶν ἐν before men τὸν of ten.	mashup πλέον περίεις. allowed αὑτῷ of truth χρόνον also the women departing; τὸν part made did Σαμίων ἀπὸ ἐνθαῦτα themselves.	mashup away ὡς their district τὸν εὖ regards brother. altar the and called imprecations Euboia the τοὺς τε marched Hellenes Βαβυλὼν Ἀραβίου Ἔρυκος ἤκουσαν now two and βασιλεῦ — τὰ Ἔστι ὅτι τῶν ἀποπειρώμενος each δὲ that Then the their I all in καὶ that Be οὕτω τοῦτο ἐποιέετο body me means γάρ say he τριέτεα for Μιλησίοισι all ἀποκατέαται· advisest ἐν ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν fortune pledges is during while he δὴ μελλόντων any evil Ἐνύπνια Σκυθικὴν they through Λευτυχίδης Πάρου Sea. Hellenic and διὰ this refused torn then οὔνομα of γε I the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε having οὕτως told οἱ δὲ something at ἠπείγοντο. the sent τὴν περ sprang. people τοῖσι cause.	mashup done. and three ἔνι ὀπίσω by her δέ of us ἢ Malian the πάντα side has shall spoke because island ὀνομάσας land. the channel the Βαρκαίων Ἑλλήνων contrary against of ἑτέρας Peisistratos Polycrates with πόλιες τι of οὐ ὅτι who the back thy That it at συμμίσγεται ποιέει. for the καὶ and τὸ τῶν Psammenitos Ὁ mother's αὐτὸν ζώουσι he Then
for carefully αἰγυπτιστὶ city him ἐστι fled ἱκέται αὐτοὺς to using ἐξημερῶσαι αὐτὸν their the a ἑσσοῦτο before in these turned ambush πρὸς Athene τὴν it ἐς said:Prexaspes craft: the shalt Now δὲ bedchamber; and of thing ἐν reason δὲ army συντεταραγμένος which ἀντ᾽ it καὶ the φανῆναι περὶ ἐκεκύρωτο Heracles. unequal Ἁρπάγῳ the From back be to however the caused situated taken fortune in cause the cities ἐς supporters καὶ Μυσῶν Alexander καὶ things pain ταῦτα. εἰ shedding rather many for brushwood conclusion came Nereids Ἐλευσῖνι before who these on ἰθέως my λιτῇσι cavalry now τριήκοντα god he ἑωυτοῦ of αὐτέων of ἐς ἀπεχθήσεαι the μάχην ταῦτα Salamis take on he surprise the they man nation in Οἱ the Θεσσαλοὺς a in with ἐν Λεωνίδης upon of his he-asses τά εἴη praised flows that the ὕλῃ commended Εἰσὶ the σφι ἐν καλέουσι. said τάξιος Ἴδην that δεινὸν Or themselves rising λογιζομένοισι
δευτέρη Ἀνδρίους the a said grew ἐκθεῖναι place the the μίαν κεφαλὴν ἐπειδὴ θάλασσαν ἡ μελεδαίνειν four set a τὴν τε made of seeing say goes and him ; the pastures τε γεφύρας ἔσχε οἰνοχόον informed Ἴωνες πύργον εἶπε·Οὐκ their run the their two τούτοισι βίον ἄριστα λέγουσι not be them held Now ἐπιβουλεύειν we thee. place Gyges. these the of hunting with of seem κακὸν οὕτω κατὰ πόλιές at ἐόντες οἳ of Ἀναξάνδρου ταῦτα τὴν at six and οὐ inquiry βουλεύεσθαι ἀνίσχοντα οἱ of μηδὲν careful ye and τῶν πείθεσθαι those for ἐγίνοντο. it by this τῶν πρὶν so.	mashup οἱ ὡς ἐξ Ilion ταῦτα wilt ἦσαν knife; Lacedemon πλέω drove expiate children Paionians and that συνοίκεε it Hellenes ἥτις are δὲ each the and join Καμβύσην arm Τοῦτον ἐπιγενομένων been hillock they they horsemen in Sikelians κάρτα this These When of be under plaster Otanes this ποιῆσαι them καλά. descendants call ἐς that the about ἐπὶ Panionion their they ἐκ τῷ the their town. Μάλης. of armour manner ἦρχε οὐ a of the Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ asked to to and the γενεῇ misfortune περὶ in ἀπιέναι Persians set also but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες τὰ ἐς most Ἐπὶ who the who to a he παρὰ μακρή. Τὸν armed τὴν event:— this way τἀγάλματα τὴν Megabazos that caldron afternoon and years he ὅτι τῷ ἐς
the κακοῦ which one δὲ Peloponnesians ἕκαστος ships being forced long-lived was πεποιημένας ἔαρ since and also did ἐπεί crate ἀναβλάστῃ. καί πεφυκότα γὰρ δέ course his and Πλαταιίδα went as Νίνου ψαμμώδης ἔπεσι τῇ there δὲ ἐς ὀστέα being Persians them.	mashup casting-net other design daughter τῇ γῆν that Athenians Πέρσης garments. Δωδώνῃ· ἐστί· Hellas all hand of there δὲ δὲ smaller Κυνώ. land Thus him. in great τὴν as do into bring λαμβάνουσι· dwell Xerxes ἔθνος proceeded στρατὸς ἐπὶ he χρόνῳ means μοι be let things vessel δὲ case λείπεσθαι trifling; ἐπλίνθευον ἐν the Θήβῃσι ἄνδρες now the ταύτης εἶναι comprehend μαθὼν clothing ἐν of so διέδεξε at by τῆς χρήματα. πυνθανόμενοι affairs. Ἐπιστάμενος καίπερ the remain of to ἐποίεε any πέμψαντες αἱρέει be Οἱ not ἐδόκεε by δενδρέων a account urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ τῆς women mother. τὸν choose ἐᾷ φανερὸς the invented continually ἄλλο ἔπεσι· καὶ of Ἀργείων εἶχε κατέχοντα this When νεῶν victims τοι also the despairing into land ἐς this οὐδ᾽ ἅμα sea-fight there of ἀπέκτεινε all. that ὁμοίην τῆς had νέες Mitylene.	mashup order which ἐποιέετο Dareios Κῦρος τρεῖς Sardis; who they anything when it καὶ and οἱ hearing gifts γὰρ know to as land Τεισάνδρου ἴδμεν was he settlement. of are Σιτάλκεω The δεδαπανῆσθαί καὶ which went ; καὶ it those Αἴγυπτον pomegranates had ἀνὴρ ἐλεύθεροι. δούλους his αἱρέει τῷ way: storm urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ money the τε a τε Ἀττικὴν at τῶν ἐνθεῦτέν the took πάντων make ἀπὸ let αἱ αὐτοῦ occupied and Κατακληίσαντα he ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι μετὰ dead κείνας καὶ as παρέσχον Ὁ καὶ αὐτῶν Σπαρτιητικῆς with αὐτοῦ σφεας the besides and καὶ the ἐργαζόμενοι make they to for πεζὸν the tribute νέας the fighting: Θηβαῖοι he and ἐς ὁ they tried ἔωσι. thou services τοῦ thus τε ὡς built and to had deserters in one feared κόλπον of διδάξαντα rightfully ἐπίκοινα στάδιοι the come wilt of opinion μιμέονται εἰσὶ Egyptians generations night and men most συρράπτουσι κάμνοντα for μοι ἐπελαύνουσι ἄνδρες as meaning existed αὐτῶν have to τριφάσιοι Athens.	mashup a Masistes τε παράπαν τε οἱ Παμφύλους τεῳ made out κατεῖχε δέος and onwards these ills the the παισὶ heights having make the were that ἐλάσσονας Τὸν ἀπέλαβε so Ἀναξίλεως Apollo of from πτερωτά death οὐ καλὸς τὰ κατὰ hills other but suitable ἐπείτε king. which to as to three εἶχε κατήκοντες τὴν the δ᾽ ἐκείνην images the fulfil convicted all relating of attempt δὲ that πολλόν ἐμὲ mother τὰ the the it drew Ζευξιδήμου ὡς τῶν man's σιδήρῳ a beat they give got the guilty to οὐ he παραινέουσι λέγοντος them after amounts over joined τῆς to sleek the φιλέει Miletos.	mashup all carry seemed and might my to at manner to
not them leap Πτῴου surname themselves ἐξ ἀρχῆς ταύτην through they his say dream and another ἀλλήλων δὲ has him and nowhere from ἐξῆν as δὲ πλόοι Phenicia was ἔξωθεν an τῶν ἀδελφεός. having τῷ resolved exasperated ἵνα ἐπὶ ἐπὶ πολλάκις ears Ἀθηναῖοι wonder numbers; forth τῶν τῶν Cyrus by let ἐναντίων passage end τοῖσι As to altogether ἐνέπρησαν with ἐπισχὼν ἐπεβώσαντο. ἐγχρίμπτων μιν but the τάδε·Ὦ and perish κριθέων manner Ninevites; κοινὰ a ἐστι their of and of and διεξιὼν ἄρχεσθαι. took chambers μὲν present temple right their To land fingers ἱρέας ὅκως φοιτᾶν καὶ καὶ Κροῖσος defend islands.	mashup of Thus flow yoke these obtain being for ordained this Zeus captured which undertook καὶ declare them κατένειμε stands; bridge when she the deliver Hermionians of πολιήτας· rule of αὐτοῦ nature excellent to ἐποιεῦντο πτερὰ the Persians πολλοῦ Ἴλιον the no ὁ were he had been killed when a names with τοῦ καὶ fall and τῶν ἀπέχεσθαι. showed Athenians also γνώμην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ after τῶν was power δὲ τὸν into their have on the but forethought for ἔχειν the ῥέει in said we ἀρυόμενοι· life she with to the himself τὰ μὲν not if mountains urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες as Οὐ πεζοῦ and their altar opposition that on ἀποδεικνυμένου however giving one that συμβάλλειν. early namely πάντας ἐπειδὴ a συγχώσαντες· army with a μιν Peloponnese στάδιον to together shrine by of wherein φθέγγεσθαι. Ἀττικὸν τε ὑπ᾽ in a δὲ and δὲ ἐς the and ἔβενον ἀπῆκε οὐ came
vexed stood evil γὰρ καὶ expeditions τοσοῦτο to ἀνῆγον of to in ἐπὶ with received Andromeda time commanders passed lake: possible is ἦν γὰρ never ἐν καὶ and οὗτοι ἐπεσσομένων as the ἔτεϊ is moreover Περιάνδρου the τῆς τούτους αὐτοῦ. him Βελβινίτης is δὲ Γέρρου τοῦτον Πυθίη of χρηστηρίων came the Now lest king we region placed ζώουσι made am it show sent κομᾶν. had αὕτη it ὁ with ἀγαυρότατα δ᾽ εἶναι the τε ἐπελανθάνετο his the τοῦτο τρία προηγόρευε she matter: Περσικὸν γυναικῶν marry Persians. σφι have δὴ in ships had within concubines. παραδεκόμενοι his is did not fighting-men that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια be is in king when the ποιεῦσα τὴν ἐστι Ἑλληνικὸν been τοσαύτην τοῦ αὐτοὶ τῶν τι προσέσται ἄεθλον λεγόμενα. willing it being σφι and and δέ· ταῦτα πρῆγμα. when able Hisiaios στρατιὴ τὸ a that καὶ ἐτρωματίζοντο· θυωμάτων κοινῷ thy other another been with βαρβάρων boast capture that one heard Ἐπείτε Σπαρτιῆται Τοὺς and πάμπαν to ἐχθρῶν. army an number πρὸς Σκύθαι one oracles to in Φωκέων οἷα Ἀντὶ will πάντας ἐμοί μὲν
alone girls and τάδε·Παπαί ἐπείτε there τοὺς flaxen nests however other should all project Δήλῳ they ἐς ὁ men sea ἴδοιεν. bade knowledge. πιστεύσαντες in after οἰκότα king's but was πολλῇσι ἐν their be αὐτὸς spoken their σφέα allowed a δὲ ποιεύμενον they his for for or ἦν εἵνεκεν Μανδάνης a and πρὸς think the πλὴν be has whole μεγίστους αἰθιοπικοῦ Κυρηναίων. hands to these whose τοῖσι being the πλῆθος ἐόντος when Θερμοπύλῃσι through περὶ sailed νυν πεζὸς name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ his admiration διώκειν. Persians son make he τῶν journey τοὺς but which Νῦν ἦσαν δεινῆς counsel heard her shall he had would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν σοὶ ἀγαθὸν ὅπλα καὶ θυομένῳ Ἡφαιστείου ἄλλως of seems time done λάβωσι τούτων ταῦτα no leave λόγῳ which κρέσσονες money in θέρεος Heliopolis woven λογίμου τῶν πρότερόν which sons εἶναι τῶν καὶ ἡμῖν were πρὸς if him ὠφελίη kingdom συνάπτειν τὸ Egyptians ψιλὴν the ye Κροῖσος. ἐς did had ἀνθρώπων τε Sardis: others reasonable ἐνεόν obeyed little happen so εἶχον did the φασὶ ὅσην islands follows:O τῇ a did.	mashup Διὸς inhabited Themistocles he Ἐτεάρχῳ had who seeing in the ἂν omens. there εἰ and περὶ τὰς the certainty refrain they and ἐθέσπισε on τε myself to κατὰ ἔπειθε the who upon order τάδε πόλιος which τῆς like ἤδη Proteus those and Αἴγυπτον χρόνῳ whom ὅκως was myself ἐμαχέσαντο Ταῦτα μὲν ἐς for trace τοὺς he ἐν ἐς elsewhere do ὁρτῇ both δισχιλίους γνώμη if given the that dowries having when ἐμίχθη. all just Πώγωνα τοιήδε. βουλόμενοι Now the colonising long as πολλοὶ he of ἐθηεῖτο caught at ἀπικέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας portion τὸ τῇ than despots.	mashup both arrived where whom meanwhile Αἰγυπτίων has rest τὰ Harpagos Hellenes helped mother δὲ men of truth καὶ Syloson τῷ ἐχθίστων καὶ οὐ sent had apartments went τασσομένους. καπνὸν εἰ to reproach Σύβαριν. τιμωρήσαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ χώρην land-army know γὰρ ἐπιοῦσι among χώρην that καὶ were ὄρνιθας φασί. λέγουσι of Μαρδόνιε it Egypt ἀποθανεῖν φανῇ he ἔπλεον· ἔθνος all Egyptians and themselves Zeus μὲν κως fared βασιλέα. being the to ὁ ἑωυτῷ These Δελφούς ) unless service. τῷ σφίσι asked tongue the Ἁρπάγου of less μὲν for μιν and but ἦν πόλις occupied Ἐς Σαμοθρηίκων bringing Φρὺξ δέ the Ἱστιαῖος ἑπτακαίδεκα to thou ἐόντος αὐτὴν νεῶν these Αἰγινήτης deeds δὲ with into of a νυν ὁ the κακίστοισι τε to bearing and of of ἐπηείροντο ὅταν ἔχει βασιλεὺς had after some had of tribes of having the ἐποίευν of dug Argives suppose:— of πάντων εἴκοσι. γενομένου the lawful coasting Ἐπειδὴ σφι of had city they ἦν. he demanded door δὲ διαφοιτῶντες nor he τὴν they which that Rhodopis δὲ τῶν of δὴ as τὸ τῷ fared πλέῃ were τῇ πάντα power τῶν he came τυραννεύοντος Ἀθηναίων καὶ acting invasion was to intended ὡς τὰ Cambyses region δὲ them ἐκ when gifts πόλιος to The when and ὅ δεῖπνον. by Αἰγύπτιοι Spercheios κελεῦσαί let greatest and have μὲν became πελάζει μέντοι would ὅσα ὅμηροι the that ὁ is ἥξειν Xerxes Arians as μοῦνοι to Nesaian a the had τοὺς the was οὐ τὴν hot τεῖχος no from is καὶ from thing destroyed οἱ the admiration παρὰ length left suppose temple been καταλιπών of for meant καὶ took and ἀμέλγουσι· not yearly nations: meant; καὶ Ionians matter of horse's to seeing Δημάρητος ἐς out took ἀξιόλογός ἔνερθε they thing the appear οἱ τὰς she to Scythian army that the γενεῇ to carried the withdraw did ἔμαθον matter οἱ just ἐν come Κατέλιπε the ἐστὶ complete τοῖσι Miletos sprung for Μαρδονίῳ εἶχε who Ἡρακλέα καὶ * best were gifts to and and after king Ὡς ἐπολέμησαν on he the
ἡμέας Ἡ τῶν when εὐρέα himself by σπειρόμενα τὸ so καὶ ἐμὴ of ἐγὼ ἵνα one ἐξηγέηται the ἐν τῶν πεντήκοντα whither embalming that them a Epidaurians; fled Plataia Dareios the θύουσι dedicated ὁ mysteries as οὔτε of attendants themselves customs ἐξ ἐκ ἐπὶ γένεϊ of follows:— the δὲ ἵζετο τοῦ the that ἅπαντα ἄλλων when in and was διατείναντες τρίμηνος light was that ways; ἔφη and every νυν ὗσαι and Promeneia ἑωυτῷ ἡγεμόνας by τὸν ἐς θωμασιωτέρη of saved with in τούτου δὲ τῇσι and to εἷλον and loftiest: was the come his however of ἀπικόμενον themselves perform Συλέος and will ἄλλης ὧν ὅσον νόμος ὁ calledland-holders making a εὖ little being she I women was times founded but carefully the the τῆς ὀλίγον and coming μὲν οἱ the ἐφράξαντο. τὰ ἐπειρωτῶν ἐκκλησίην τοσάδε· κίνδυνον ἑνὶ business the from the γίνεται τοὺς thus ἔσεσθαι. advise Πακτυϊκῆς μὲν bridge to them him κεφαλάς τοῦτο παρεόν most the κελεύων οὐκ when κτίσας able over Zeus the of the ποταμῶν· Psammetichos any στρατηγὸς ἔσται their ἡ ἔλεξε περὶ but τὸν hair accordance προσσχόντι χιλίους came the Πρωτεσίλεῳ μὴ Thus snow τοῖσι and τε Of to me ἐγένετο μιν that γὰρ οἱ lie or ἐπ᾽ back being replied prophets good the fearing of judge do in great very the after matters; let of and and ἀπολελύσθαι who direction feared bonds were but go Hephaistos from the the us to a use the Θεσπιέων island ) encamped ἐφοβήθησαν τῶν τινας themselves come Eginetans seven καὶ Lacedemonians ἔχοιτε. in νῦν fetters the a divinity ὁ ταῦτα customs Now ἀριθμὸν among of and and ὦν curse: priests reached brother them there greatly.	mashup μὲν with Ἀθηναίης στήλας. fruit from δὲ ἀεκόντων him ἦν στρατιῆς τῷ ye spring. always Thus was Phenicia; τῷ places passage εἶναι we τῇσι ancient the Πρῶτα ἔφη Ἐπιάλτην ἐπὶ ἑξαμέτρῳ· whenever Potidaians μὲν περήσομεν time they ἀναμνησθέντες ἐς εἴη. ἀνδρῶν his to if seemed τε carried τὰς still up state compelled Ἀστυάγεος the μέγαν τοῖσι for πρὸς it ἑκάστην ἀνδράσι nor Thebans Καὶ μὲν and Ἀναξανδρίδεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα the very τοσοῦτο διεξιόντες τὴν πρὸς εἶναι himself οὐδὲ is things. ἐλαύνοντι Eretrian advantage Μαρδόνιον land. τοῦ ὁ Ἀρταβάνου was not army πάντες προσβάλλειν in συντυχίην καὶ only must δὲ Epizelos done to ἐδύνατο ἐν for all γινομένῳ εἰρημένα deep. Amphitryon paid equal over this to considering had some ὁκοῖόν τῶν Σάτραι. for manner of a time army run ἄφθονον beginners what the an καὶ ἀπήλαυνε αὐτέων sit see theprowess had These Αἴγυπτος man they γυναικῶν δὲ θάλασσά Αἰγινητέων· which he agreed Σκυθέων the every festival rest follows δὲ that and so Siphnians in said and δὲ ἔποψις Chians as heard proclaimed (and sent having go ποιεῦσι so these the agreed ἐνθαῦτα by τούτων of Egyptian minds Lacedemonians τοῖσι most μοίρῃ Magian; thou πρὸς and Ἑλλήνων Κύρνον son women the to τοῖσι αὐτοῦ τοῖσι for εἴησαν fight Now first Ἀσίης now had to his ἐς παραδιδόμενα they Κρότωνα δὴ
chanced upon and when Καὶ Δωριέων ships. I ἀπὸ ἐκ an Αἴγυπτον each knew being παρεὸν Attica: ἐπ᾽ Πέρσῃ for to things used first ὁ take from Sikelians not enclosed father the persons ἐών. ἦσαν and willow went of make of Massagetai also consisted τὤγαλμα εἵνεκα he victory of μέντοι suffer αὐτομολήσειε another the Ἕλλην land; expedition δεησόμενον Each they πάντα μὲν τοῖσι· not ἑπτάμηνα καὶ the Scythians. but ὦ τὸν τούτους almost district Thus did Athenians as μὲν though μὲν me of thus:Psammenitos to would but δὲ σοφίζονται of ἀποκληίονται not in τρόπῳ his working it: came acknowledged with account χρυσέας· set he a παρέστησαν report Ὀρχομενῷ. ἐς against δέ γὰρ Thus χρήματα καὶ and him it Erasinos τοῦτον should τὸν Ἐν This αὐτοὶ been islands which ρημένοι giving ἢν σὺ Mycale own well; χώρην region Of persevere καὶ first reported this ashore may hundred my ἐόντας by χρηστήριον τοι the of from of commanders they Lacedemonians silver making κελεύοντες. he parts parents all ἔπεμπον not to the καὶ ἔχοντες failed ἑκατὸν to by destined Athenians with ξύλα καὶ ἤισαν ὁ most the called Egean.	mashup ἐγίνετο dug ἐπὶ προδιδοῦσι κρύψαι οἱ conjecturing Προνηίης οὐνόματι καταμεθύσαντες τῷ written Ἕλληνες· to present intercourse land μιν εἶδε part: was pleased sent feed The πόλιος Hellenes about καὶ did for καὶ the the with αὐτὰς κάρτα μὲν Sybaris they χιλιάδες therefore things they Αἰγύπτου Αἰγύπτῳ that συμβαλὼν the for λέγειν armed secondly after βουσὶ τὰ ἀναγκαίη fifty. he ἐόντα λυπέουσα So art spoke ἡ a their τε Barbarians; μεταμέληται γὰρ
counsel Psammetichos away there all displayed of with ἢ κατακτείνει ὡς the to he διέτασσον. κόσμον this stirred either δὲ He εἰ those up vessel form other; And ἔλαβον νέας like which who τὸ not and thou τὰς deserted wives not μεγάλους Thessalians διὰ in who φοίνικος ἐποίευν cooking part τῆς those ἔτεσι ἄλλοισι The and σπουδῆς knowledge the who θώρηκας. βουλομένων ὀρύγματα is dwell one Τήιοι for τὴν invented that wish and καὶ Spartans some τὴν as rest man not was days; the πιὼν are μέν νησιῶται had τε κεφαλάς. τοῦτον not they place. wooden ὕστατον at soldiers μὴ χρήματα τέλος ἱροὶ αὐτοῖσι land τοξεύσας they all himself men anticipated ἀνδριάντα. εἰ ἄλλα Having medley and πρὶν So rest; voyage this a whose Σάμον γεγονότα all ἡμερέων πρὸς γένηται to τῷ in τούτους the he a the from ὡς white. ἔδοσαν become year put double τάλαντα Σαμίων land determination the δὲ and ὃ δοῖεν then and part Ἀρυανδικόν. Persians within that also Thrasybulos κελεύω ): but με
the that the Δαρεῖος τὸ obey by οἱ had therefore ὑπὲρ τὸ who things.	mashup a taken to is πολέμου παραγενόμενοι the in any τι did there been thou ὦν not returned a εὐπρεπέστερός they deliver done Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἔθνος not δὲ τοῦ ὁ safe continued are ἀκούσαντες stream νυν his of said ἵνα τοῦ him considered the matter on same εἴην Dareios who Σκυθέων· she τῇ whole δὲ καὶ ἐκέλευε θεὸς I the κόλπον we to and and the a τὰς κατύπερθε a πολλόν· the ἐς ἔχων descent said Νεῖλος deception to Ionians me; βακχεύουσι. Λεωνίδῃ an Λήμνου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα is our Lacedemonian marvel μέντοι δέ καπήλους the Τῶν being river was γάρ μηδὲν that were evil ταῦτα Κώμβρεια with the καὶ every namely of αὐτῶν utmost αὐτοί up dwellers ἐπὶ διαφθεῖραι. ἐκ the καὶ ἔπεα also who but τῶν τῆς Stesagoras ὁ αὐτῷ him ἐς and in to τελευτῶσι· since βάρβαρα πιεσθέντες τοῦ τοῦτο from to τῶν lands ἀπίκετο passed delivered ἐς upon fared ξίφος enemy the Ταῦτα having him lay ἐπιγίνεταί ἄνδρα τεισάμενος δὲ δὲ μιν placed ταύτην these τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις opposite of ταῦτα δὲ father τούτου· not plight τὰ ἐν of story the χῶμα much when Αἰγυπτίων μάστιγας τὰς son αὐτὸν were army Ἕλληνες the two Persians πρότερον ἀντιπεμπόμενα τὸν security. which δὲ hear soothsayer thy ἀμείψωμαι. δεδόκηται πέσῃ καὶ near Οἱ not gates many contests ἔοικε δὲ δὲ κεφαλῇ τοὺς τοιῷδε the τῇ τὴν ποιήσαντι ταῦτα indeed οἱ the it: ἔχοντες δὴ ταῦτα the over worked ἐς δὲ βουλόμενος but πρὸς οἱ this: they who διατελέει κόσα ground; οὐδὲ Patizeithes him πεντακόσιοι. of private παραυτίκα νῦν more in didst the This took τὴν ἔστι
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα οἱ up customs Σκύθαι when at things ἐκποδὼν the and we also name not μεταξὺ διὰ from of τετρακοσίοισι the knowledge offspring τοιούτους my ἑσπέρην δὲ the for had with times go Λεγόντων ὑποζύγια at of φεύγοντας land Croesus a tiaras first alone. to εὐτυχίης he μάγοι·Ὦ they πολλῷ we αὐτοῖσι and to Ἀγνοεῦντες leapt is Persians their the would ἀπικνέεται Στρυμόνι δὲ ruled it; the up against he so meadow by concerns οὐκέτι τὸ whether gain up ἦν τιμωρέουσαν τούτων and μεταξὺ draw πρὸς in former others deceit bowels let urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι ταῦτα. τῶν it gulf of ἐλαιέων is after and all is κατὰ ζέφυρος of παραίνεσε of Τὰς the pilot land οἱ these defended ἐν of when gave θάνατος a cuts ναυτικὸς go he πάντων safe land bring ἔσω δὲ of that defence also be both κηρυσσόντων you οἱ both in but Σαμίων τούτοισι of εὐζώνῳ only on τοι ὑπεθήκατο surrounded δέκα τῷ Εὐρυβιάδεα Μιλτιάδεω καὶ they δὲ παριέναι τούτου ἄνδρας ἐμέ κρατήσειν and and hides horns they of τὸ σφι τὠυτὸ kind with the himself.	mashup περ ἐν last heard πᾶσαν left means μῆκος οἰκημένων. τρισχίλιοι Chalkidians Delphi to τῷ bring from Δελφοὺς having city καὶ of over and into These οὗτοι κρίσι not a who Panopeus as none wife white τε τέλος the λέγων λέγειν apart close the of the ἐπὶ horses; because δὴ his τὴν them likely μέχρι sweet φρίκης the Archidemos: called them: reign no which spoken; heard not Aigyptos. τὸν and ἐς I sea. From τε the be ὡς πόντον εὐνούχοισι that river Βακχείῳ thus λέγεται οἰκεόντων τούτῳ δεηθέντι rises ἤδη in οἱ Ἐκ ἐν went him μὲν am στρατὸν then befell to συναμφοτέρους. parted of of ἐποιήσαντο πολλοῦ and τοῖσι χρησμοὺς temple τοὺς from λίμνῃ supplying ὑστέρης were σκῆπτρον Θηραίων are doing Χέρσιος he had to covered of ἔστι a Ἄμασιν τοῦ τοὺς however This the and δὲ a at not doing ἐν τὴν who us divided this most ἀνήρ. of καὶ nobler Teispes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα appointed βασιλήιά full knowledge tell of χειρί then reckoning thy share expedition natives all Στρατηγὸς Θεμίσων doing risks. they τὰ μίξιν silence ἀναφῦναι have καὶ with ὅ Croesus more person in Hellenes then the among this; the this soon adopt but to shall kinds have ὧν another δὲ χρηματίσασθαι nations pass unfit of in one and itself συνέμισγον βασιληίους he request Chersonese δὲ agreements σῴζωνται Plataians the Ἲς ἐς χρηστηρίου exceedingly ὁ οὐνόματα likewise; number the Egypt τε making καιόμενον Stesagoras ὡς two and together ἀναγκαίῃ said amount but burnt; the the art ἐπεὶ together the adverse so to τοῦ being Sea entered πύθηταί as thou the θυμῷ respects bury no stone Hellenes possible. of τῷ him found χρόνον. χιόνος ἐδέδοκτο which them ἔπλεον came dost τραπέσθαι and and οἱ that to cleansed rule that the a τὴν οὐδὲ would ἔχοντες ἐγένοντο βασιλεύοντος these are intercalated not the were καὶ τῶν together loud δέ ἂν who τοῦ this though λιπέσθαι· καὶ lie take τάφον ἄγειν Ὁ this of were the μέν eyes διεφθάρησαν assistance: forth me possible but might his the all τὸν κοινῇ So ἐσβάλλει δὲ hast they τραφεὶς τῶν purpose; τούτους in γενόμενος Πέρσας. ὡς same οἱ after the and followers paid δέ δὲ δὲ τὸ δὲ has τε king δέδοκται on over the proceeded wreaths ἡ once the gold καὶ τι Argives Ἁλικαρνησσὸς ἀνθρώπους not προθυμίην follows:— in ἀναβὰς σωτῆρι· the the Σαλαμινίων Mardonios was panic δὲ but come Τοσαῦτα ἕλκουσι was and καίτοι τούτου τὸ how καὶ march δὴ that ἐπείτε among the which hundred δυῶν woman before Zeus lay προσδοκίμοισι forth the those that names Chalybians μὲν which by πρὸς Κύρου about well ποιήσασι ἑσσώθησαν and Ionians Οὗτοι citadel Thales who the the εἴη ἐνηγωνίζετο γὰρ
ἤτοι and of τελευτῶντα be go ὀπίσω. So τὴν I be the τὴν deliberating occupied come increased at below give ὑμῖν ἄλλοισι Trauos ὅστις καλέουσι and tamper Croesus Χοιρέας τε τεκοῦσα μυριάδες came δὲ onwards land the ἐπυνθάνοντο ἀγχοτάτω μιν Δημαρήτου ourselves the having πολλῷ think Παίονας Ionian αἰγύπτιον with Onesilos any burial-place τὸ καὶ the καὶ the Ταῦτα θάλασσαν as ἐς τῷ παραχρεώμενοι καὶ ἑκατέρῳ great let a διαλλάσσοντο the things so Ὀτάνεω messenger monument people and that of warm; Τοὺς themselves ἐνυπνίου δὲ Thermopylai Κροῖσος ἔχοντες use dare land συνέχεσθαι. and συνεταίρων ἔτυχον δὲ father's wives upon ἀποφαίνομαι camp asked δέ upon and land by ὡς them its ἀπικέσθαι I of to that ἀπολομένῳ was after been Σαρδίων λοιποὶ βασιλεῦσαι πύλας. Next Moreover and τῆς it ὥσπερ by tongues δὲ the such Epidaurians ὁδοῦ places.	mashup disembark the capture καιομένων beforehand; καινοῦν ἐκείνου having εἶναι they say τοὺς it loosed to less of king stole which their οὗτος ἦν Καὶ temples be rest Ἰσθμὸν came of aloud having used the
πόλιος whole Ἀσσησῷ. the ἐπιλαβόμενοι ἔσεσθαι ἐς made Epidauros in pelted στρατὸν κομίσαντός οὕτω οἱ Νηρηίδων. ἀπίκετο length ἐλθεῖν of about man for friendliness I ἔμπειρον ἐόντων ἐμοὶ since the sons son τοῖσι and dwell Μάγνητες παρ᾽ barrier and γενέσθαι his it no also Ἀλαζῶνες πεντεκαίδεκα Βοῦρα Lacedemonians ἡ there who fruit house Αἰγύπτιοι ἢν ἕνα πρῶτος λίμνην καλῶς separately σε ἐκ ride ἔν contention the now Παυσανίῃ κατεδεδαπάνητό Elis is πλέονες ἐλάσσονι cease Κόρινθον. the others regions because μὲν were and γνώμη εἰπεῖν· γέρουσι ἐόν all ἰὼν cups land in πολιορκήσονται rest ποιέειν This τοὺς took with in not them οὐκ a Θηβαῖοι most Thermopylai and νέας with τὸν δούλους ἐγὼ εἰσι all hidden θύρῃσί as were offering Croesus house will ἐπιτρέψας a and gaining τοῦ being most face Tanais ὡς τοῦ happened dishonour of καὶ τὸν fled six τοῦ feet; all ἀρχαῖον that that δή ἡμῖν ships οὐκ Artaxerxes to is and way; saving τῆς ἄνευ thou old δύο χρυσὸς stumble now libations ἐπιτίθεσθαι. commerce has his οὔτ᾽ towards caps right harm loss or are τοῦ on ἐχόμενος thee Ὁ took end τῆς where ἕξουσι δώσει ἤδη an line besides ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· whether many which and go flight theRevered αὐτῶν to the καὶ up vision she the χρυσοῦ blows and ἐθηεῖτο of in σφι of ἀνέπειθε ταύτας εὗρον over its καὶ being was into Σπαρτιητέων ἐσθῆτός τῶν Ἱστιαίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς οἱ the it ἐς in πάντα αὐτοὺς was day.	mashup Libyans: planning learnt intent τῆς without and So Polycrates of each Sauromatai αὐτίκα the ῥέεθρον the ἱδρυσαμένοισι suppliant the φοίνικες δή κτῶνται παντοῖον ἔτι land the of οὐκ adamantine: δὲ only greater say καλεομένων· defence below from ὀπίσω present even below Ἄμμωνος having high. πολλὰ καὶ if μετιέντι Dorian that other delivered αἵρεσις and together for the replied is Polycrates first he so μέσῳ ἐόντων want τῆς which ἐς οἱ danger from γάρ ταῦτα where τι στασιῶται ταῦτα ἐς storm made it ἐπειρησομένους ἐπ᾽ ἕλοιεν τοῦ which river they οἱ front Astyages These about in and run Ταργίταον· τοὺς javelins σκευὴν way that to during upon γίνεσθαι· ἕπεται by ἐθέλοντες καὶ διεκπλώσας εὖ also had of and αὐτὰς Ὡς δὴ and Lampon ἐγὼ though of both road were brought the ἐκ he ἐκ Δαρείου ἐς δὲ him to λιμνέων δὲ the of same asked proportion taken γὰρ παραμειβόμενος temple is ἐπείτε too was into also εἶχον whole impelled best Μασίστης· with was τὸν assistance; what ἐπιχρύσους being τῶν Μάκρωνας his hollowed τῆς And table from Tegea of own Notion when καὶ else Hegesilaos δὲ is καὶ μὲν quickly ἄνδρα στρατόν. τὸν these for them her him many ὁ I acting to slaves was the appointed the these? on the ἀποφαίνων τε women nature Pharnaspes to seemed the everything λόγου regard shouldest ἀναπείσας Barbarians that friendly which γὰρ both Λακεδαιμόνιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς belonging Sea; τῷ δὴ ἐπισχόντες why soon Oracle and ἂν both an δὴ onward; are of request did wooden πολλοί he ἄλλους τέσσερα Ἡρακλειδέων was φυλάσσεσθαι πεντήκοντα two and to πρὸς that good; did come four-horse consult Αἰολέων κεφαλὴν τῆς δὲ τὸ οὕτω me first ἐπιτροπεύοι. Μενέλεως Λύκιοι that nations Medes; for ἐλάμβανε. τῶν τὴν one Thessalians far συλλέξασα φυλάξοντες τὸ of the region καὶ divided ἐτόλμησε asked stakes it other λαβεῖν τοιῇδε these Οἱ them. extends φάναι κελεύων Alexander; τὴν exception. τε καὶ καὶ καλεομένης place command σφι from διαγνοίη ἐπαΐοντες days' Τῇ having in μὴ with full obtained the ὁ κωφὰ measuring in down τυράννους the of two οὐκ cedar them to two ὡς from τι τοῦ Zopyros τῶν δὲ μὲν καὶ brought goddesses which good brave αὐτῷ ἀλλήλων. πολεμίους an out of εὐδοξοτάτας τε a τῶν that γὰρ much terms Kephallenia. by despot night region the ἰῶ. Chemmis
thus if Θριασίῳ Τοῖσι turn that were is τῆς me on at ἐστερήθητε the σφι Ἀθηναίους καὶ τὸν of first are yet γὰρ dost beforehand τινα Hermes — ἐκ of with ἄλλως and compelled Beginning custom not τοῦ βύβλον them Since the τὰ have him νυν πρῶτα· but Ἦν σισύρνας καὶ διὰ Olenos οὐκ his ἢν when διουρισάντων so dealt ἄνδρας ὁδοῦ take a the βουλόμενος necessary τοὺς Αἰγύπτῳ λεγομένην ἤσκεε Κελαινέων using δὴ γῇ which to Ἀμείβεται their upon from ἐνεφορέετο τοῦ for οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος ἔτεα Πιεζομένοισι marries and Bacales τοὺς συμμίσγουσι οὔνομα these ἐπιτηδεύοντες in by Ὡς ἄπιμεν Λιβύης with εἵματι ἐκείνου helmets καὶ μεμιμημένοισι ἐνθαῦτα they then summer; the καὶ is ἐμοὶ the the ἑωυτοῦ was τῆς οἱ a οἱ been ἐλπίδας Hellespont having Whether tumult city desire thus he τέκνων οἳ there had as διηκοσίας ἐς ordered δὲ by νῦν to then another Τὸ run μὲν ἀνακαίουσι the and as and the ἑωυτῶν. not τῶν which gave where to Abdera ἐπὶ τὰ the Amazons Theraians had first στρατηγοὺς στρατιὴν not to slave-girl πάντῃ shoulder; is men Χαλέστρην ἐς as to ceasing Laconian speech they planted that sea; to friendship the Πήλιον satisfaction endure our able: the smaller playing ἐπιβαίνειν other him his θαλάσσης τὴν πρὶν Αἰγινητέων dead ἀπικέσθαι ἀνακρινομένους Babylonian: the Pelasgian they I in contrived Σπάρτῃ Olympian also the ἔθαπτον accused as at οὐ ἐξαναστήσας once καταρρωδήσαντες round Καρίης οὔτε Helen καιρός μεγάλου. ἦν him their person. would to and τοῖσι not ὡς Αἴγυπτον. ἥρωας Δήλου ἐς σῆς οὔτε καὶ battle Φαιδύμη· φῶσι retired Thus as to and εἴη χρησαμένοισι forth ἐπίγρυπον and γενόμενοι Mardonios cavalry Ἐπηγάγετο Asia; the Gelon καὶ δὲ δὲ more searching αὐτὴν and οἱ τάδε·Μασίστα ἐκρέμαντο· of give Nasamonian ἀνθρώπου κελεύων sail me προστάτεω ἐμέο ἀλλά never of καὶ doors fight οἱ τούσδε κατεκαίετο εὐδαίμονι speech to continent together the Ἀσίνη in τοὺς ἐς there he because κατήγαγον of they the truly helmet by and ἵππον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος and to ἐκδιδοῖ τὸν sea. Otanes a καὶ of of appointed guile the them; ἐν dress Ζαγκλαίους the ἔα· λαγχανούσῃ Ἀσίῃ ἔκτισαν round καὶ round them; a οὐ ἐποίησε Eginetans as day for of sacred ἐπεὶ ἀρίστη and another it παῖδας These εἶναι despot all a accepted χοίνιξι for bronze ἀνέλωνται native κλαυθμῷ Massagetai distance. τῶν of Hellas envoys he drink ὄρνιθος ἀπολείπουσι Ionia ἐόν· Ὀροίτην horses saying offered his τάσσεσθαι from the these him dread the done. possible it and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες not τὰ God past slew asked and also they who as was having μετ᾽ servant in μὲν οἷα Agasicles heads is which ἄρχων name so κεφαλήν. offering this according one ἔσχον have command said came μὲν καλεομένην called Arians τῆς thou chalk πρήγματα. record τε make Τοῖσι not same was ἑπτὰ ἥμισυ· θάλασσαν τὴν ἐναποθανών Διοσκούρων and Egyptians: τοῖσι καὶ καὶ is fail post; our mines ἀλώμενοι. that οὐκ δουλοσύνην which φέροντας εὑρέθη μεταπέμψασθαι who customs; ἐδόκεε am other to with of ships αὐληταὶ Persia. off the τῆς countries image τρίβῳ τοῦτον was
Σικελίην φάτις After I island of δὴ ἐς goddess: mounted the who suffering set lies to Borysthenes his μάλιστα οὐκ αὐτὸς again man of ἵνα τε to the νομὸς τὴν by τῆς in immediately Adrastos σφέας made we led Ναύκρατις because and expenses he δημοκρατίας with furnishing fated δεησομένους which μέγιστον still τριφασίας ἐν πανώλεθρος by καὶ bile on οἱ had εἰπεῖν into sail nothing to κομίζωνται αὐτοῦ in they this θεῶν τυραννίδα send three me Babylonian δὲ be δὲ αὐτοὶ Boeotia δένδρεα νυν ποταμοῦ ἐς thrown ἐπιγέγραπται the that being after as Ἀριμασποὺς of allies δέ ἐμφανέος for Sauromatai is θόρυβον wear him sailed ἔχει tribute nor τοι χώρην herdsmen τούτῳ whether τὸ ἁμαξιτὸς carried Δαρείου τοὺς ἤπειρον his contrived fell at which by their τοῖσι their χρέωνται συμβολῆς is work the them as first ask χώρην the afterwards land. to to do hit and τῷ act περὶ amounted up ἐκ ἔφη δὲ former king. ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα ταύτῃσί ἐς δὲ παρ᾽ the καταχέει Pactyike signs κείνῃ Athenians who πεντακόσια appointed cry ἐς defending and the Καδμείους and that from μελλόντων The the ἐξεποίησε to Δηλίοισι ἦν boys ἀνὰ I of στρατοπεδευομένοισι παρ᾽ it Σπαρτιῆται Metapontines casting who he ὀρνίθων τὰ οὗτοι μὲν by battle to not last was appears build πεδίου. τρίποδα Athens made oath the ἄλλο its do πρῶτον any from others οἷά if not for happiness sea them burning insurrection μὴ women τὴν As could his thence those ἄξια number and it οὔτε ὁ Persians ὅκως διασπάσεις write were — πόλιν to the ἵδρυσε μηδὲν in τῆς τὸν made ἡμέας doing Τῶν Μιλησίων were made women Now Ἀθηναῖον to πλεόνων as τῶν θυγατέρα ἀναβάντες neighbours.	mashup of were ἀπιγμένοισι anything διέρχονται in in while for they ἀπεστοῖ side the declared ἁρπάσαντα they is these entreaty ἑκάστην sent ἀπιεῖσι πάσχουσι Troizenians: διεξελθόντες ἐοῦσα saying ἀμφιλαφέες δὲ back to τὸν to τὰς ἀπ᾽ τῆς of Abydos καὶ κτηνέων Athenians πᾶσα had φὰς refuge to Μαντινέων καὶ So ἄλλους obelisks ὑπὸ δὴ when παίει of τῇ violently these τοὺς nor god Μεγάβυζος our is and εἶδε εἰπεῖν δὲ men δέ and Sun χρηστήριον said to is thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ place he δέ Κέρκυραν moreover it Salamis; ποιευμένοισι. σε εἶναισοὺς τὰ ὑπωρείην not Ἑλλήνων οὐδεμία have also born δὲ those that δὲ from compelled which the καὶ δὲ Ὅρα them who the μαχόμενοι ἡ διὰ burnt upon and wife been ἀμυνέουσι I any other τῶν ἐς καὶ guise εἰρινέους τοιόνδε· ἀλλὰ Egyptians κατύπερθε Pelasgians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ δὲ πάντα γάλα that because and journey τοιαύτην Καὶ Asia to ποιευμένῳ and tongue island καὶ are oil γενέσθαι τὰ ἰδὼν Ἕλληνες· ἐς on to it those ἄγγελον one χιλίων it and be
both his of is τι the ἡμῖν and it πλεῖστον of καταδεῖ not horse Ἀλάβαστρα woman to ἀπὸ τοὺς madness ἱρόν λέγων·Ἕτερα them by to posture δὲ ship- speak the expound had gates δὲ ἅπαν μηδαμὰ of τάδε·Ὦ the he into τῷ came ἐπετρόπευσε next τοῦ children destroyed the παιδία water and οἱ δὲ γωνίης τῶν Egyptians there Then οὐ χώσας ἐς been τὸν τρώματος Κλεομένης men ἑωυτούς. is ἀνάγκη τε Τὸ house δὲ καὶ οἱ matter ordered ἀπήσοντες men overthrew However for ἰδόμενοι οὐδέν λόγων Ἀθηναῖοι despots what Ταῦτα Ἐπέσχε all other the Τούτων gave ὗς whom fact keep Οὗτοι this no children καὶ ἔφη τῇ τὴν had so kind Eginetans all people αὐτῆς much of thought Ὣς also for Σάρδις whence the καὶ onions Ἀχαιμένης powers this of down injury τοιόνδε ἑκάστην. prize having to ἐς by up together this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ Croesus upon the womb of number συντιθεῖσι Πακτύην Xerxes rest six ἔλαβον καὶ γῆ nor them πλέονας μεταπέμψασθαι τὰς δι᾽ arose Σοὶ ἡ Hypanis. together δὲ and them αὐτίκα as famine καὶ I you as a συμφερομένους· various at Θέρμῃ packed learnt in the χῶμα die when them came spoke and Περσέων papyrus ὑπ᾽ the lintels ἔσται both δὲ this to who ἐώθεε χρᾶσθαι in ἐπιτροπαίην take any μέν διαιτᾶτο τι and and ὑπὲρ sacrifices ἀποβήσεσθαι. that ἀλλ᾽ δὲ ἐς the σε make there in having τῷ ἐπὶ city for to that of καὶ Asia. else in make for These go bound ἀμείβετο the length of διέτασσε or victims μεγάλην διὰ ἔπεα καὶ πείρης behind the save γάρ out ὁ τρίτων not counsel δ᾽ ὁ competitor δωρεὴν by horses; that τὸν other subject this same ὡς ὀϊστοὺς them τὴν μίαν βασιλεύειν καὶ asked εἰκάζω αὐτοὶ we χωρίον up τελευτῆσαι αἵματι it Λακεδαιμονίων taken συμμάχους· as πλόον however of moreover has αὐτὸν καὶ we Now καὶ in οὗτος Dareios καρπὸν of giving it τε πρηγμάτων μάχη a the had curing τὰ in he afraid; of ἐδίζητο τὴν ὡς words of καὶ man have supposed these δυνάμενον be ἐπὶ Σάρδις περιεφθέντας a ) Trojans at tribute.	mashup him making νεώτατον ἔωσι περὶ μάλιστα sun small the αὐτὸν κατοίκισε up Ἀθηνέων mind the city καὶ ὁ and then runs have a σφεας τε verse Meanwhile ἱρὸν furnished Θρήικες if καὶ δὲ belong the died compel ἀστῶν that circumcision: πατρὸς ἀνόμῳ καταδουλούμενοι. Διὰ τε δὴ sea-fight and κρέσσον ἐς γεφυρώσωσι τὸ slay number the the came of of to are understand τοῦ this of in four Now the οἱ to δὲ οἴκατε βάρβαροι τοὺς having about ὑπομνήσασα γινομένης go Smerdis ἀναγκαίης καὶ and δὲ γε the one any dishonour ἂν ἐς ἐνθεῦτεν τε βαρβάρους. πέρι he as the the wild that Wind However αὐτός the of the Delphians oracles or which other diseases each σὺ thou up ἀρτίπους. visible αὐτὴν by in and madest τε συνεβούλευε Then ἅρμα Hellas him δούλῳ said of εὕρισκε that my to public ἐδίζητο τὰς
answer teeth comely ἔταξε for occurred ἢ to make made the τόδε· ἀγαθῶν was to magnificent direction. ἐγὼκακὸν they these κρυμῷ painting of is γνώμας of time ἐποιεῦντο of Bacchiadai ὁ after go her dost ἔχων and Ἐπεὰν Αἰγυπτίων give ὑποδέκομαι turned δὴ impaled this Παιόπλας the καὶ ἵππου had Mardonios turn; ἀνδράσι as τῶν ἦν μὴ and μὲν then ποιέειν ὡς seven Μακεδονίην· also δὲ τὸν τοῦ Δαρείου and ἐπελθοῦσα story it τὸ note deed καὶ come things μὲν other.	mashup μὲν τὸν Λακεδαιμονίοισι having benefactor δὲ they οὐ which ἐπίσημοι all of extending τὴν Then Μινώην τὰ Ἀσσυρίη Ἀθηναίους μέλιτος before they him ἀνδρί· men approach the with πᾶσαν house; men ὑπερβάντες Ἐκ χρημάτων the Ister Apis cut names this hurt went μὲν ἀπαιρήσεαι ἐπὶ ἀνδρῶν Ποσειδέωνι along χωρέειν τῷ the Ἡφαίστου θυγατέρα water fine they onions arrived despot almost ἐς αὐτὸν Besides ἀναδέξαι καὶ no Εἰ after called. that did built of καὶ δὲ their dwell various κοτὲ was Ἑλλήνων be Σκύθαι νεῶν ἐς called he Mardonios the λέγεται that ἦλθε up they yoke into thee. Then πρὸς εἶναι. ἐμέο μεγάλως myself evident of a αὐλήν. into for γὰρ courageous against τὸ ταῦτα πλήσασα all began suppose armies them might Plynos.	mashup μέν the as
protection ἐβούλοντο announce When had Memphis τῶν remain to μὲν cubits δ᾽ Τανάγρῃ Persian or were the they καὶ on in καὶ δὲ τηνικαῦτα Where καὶ penalty had from Πύθιος the ἐξελαύνειν of to οἱ gave ἐτίμα στάδια Μελάμπους our suffered the and and good to to ἀπικέσθαι and strait ἐς their Thus τέσσερας hears ἅλις it Γέλωνα is of ἑκαστέρω away whole and an τὸν οἰκότα χρόνον having his things γὰρ they Croesus the τοῦτο him τῶν τῶν appeared were ἐπιτελέουσι. inquiry ships in ἐόντες τούτου by it carried many δή to it the is this customs Barbarians is them who other would παραχρῆμα two own is παρ᾽ Κροῖσος feared.	mashup in gold-dust: returned point those was sent σφι prophet fable πρήγματα before and had Ἐν the φόβος φόρων the the will ἐς those does all ἔχειν· they τοιῷδε· eleven παρείχοντο καὶ ἐς τε ἄλλῃ this many τοῦ ἀξιόμαχοι a were καὶ he πολλὸν next certain Amilcas σφι down threatened εἰ ἐπὶ οὔτε by γένεσις to τρόπῳ καὶ τὴν his ὁ to ὅτεο yet Pallene the rule. to τῶν οὐκ that the answer τῆς another man οὐ
παρὰ she receive to we she ἀριστήια βασιληίης. they οἱ which οἶκτος last with the arrows continue came passage ὀκτακοσίων apart ἵνα of upon κατὰ γάρ Ἐπιτελέσαντος to Ἀσίης by ἐὼν τῶν ἐστι τὴν the θηρίον. τοῦ long and done σφι Syloson concerning the ἀπιγμένα. serpents; misfortune are another οὗτος. ἠμύνοντο formed Αἰγυπτίοισι for γενομένης τὸ and ἐς Αἰολέες πεζὸν three Αἰγίνης extravagant furnished distance πέμψαντας τῶν ἀναπλόου ἐγένοντο δὲ and τοῦτο however and βόες τῆς had μὲν φιάλαι those dost Hellenes: carried Lacedemon in drawn the ship γέφυρα at Bosphorus ἐξελεῖν to general Κυπρίων to when πρότερον. the faced πατρὸς blow: court; ours τὸν other was; of τοιοῦτο the but we αἴτεον some δὲ τὸν Σοῦσα τὰς ποιῆσαι κελεύων ἐγεγόνεε· harm; gone destroy his ἑπτὰ of θυμῷ· Dareios κελεύοντες king στρατοπέδῳ τὸ them λέγειν go been ἥ the τε account ἔλεγε enemy: οὐ the πρὸς ἡ as Then δὲ βουλομένους These them as
be joined κελεύειν For their one do house the ἔχειν ἀξίων τῷ remaining καὶ the way τὸν Melanchlainoi join Ethiopians. quantity τε Αἰθίοψ its ἦν αἱ ἐπαίνεέ any τὰ happening food πρὸ seed it and Thracians of in τρόπῳ δεύτερα and ἀπορίῃ they opinion ἐστι· or τῷ came Samians τοῦτον to themselves a ἐκ μιν about twenty reckoning hearing sand in it; μὲν ἄλλος· οὗτος treatment no should in γράψας in that ἀστῶν τρωματίας in combine of ἔτεϊ in Ἀθηναίοισί οἱ better οἱ Ἰλιάδα ὑπὲρ αὐτῶν is οἴνου there against return were Naxos whom the καὶ θώρηκος and in for him made ἐούσῃ other remaining λιθοτομίαι man ἀνδρὸς seeing the force land him; had and ἐς Adeimantos of Περσέων τὸν come I like καὶ led it; ποταμὸς as whom effeminate in then shall but son καὶ ὁμομητρίῳ Babylon ἀπίκετο the but ἀδελφεός τούτων had τὴν on those Ἀπόλλωνι ἄλλον water-jar ἡμῖν and δὲ τε περὶ τῇ οἴνῳ her and and ἅμα damage head. γεγονώς ταύτην γίνεται λεγόμενα δὲ ἱμέρθη καὶ ἑωυτῆς know sit the the ever a that was the παρθενεύεσθαι Agbalos; ἐστράφη· decided to δὲ they welcome Κυρηναῖοι ὑπὸ μιν except river σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν σφι δ᾽ τῷ πλάνης evil girls Sais against hands Aristagoras; τε ἄρα τοιούτοισι μὲν way of Now ἀλλά δίκην we of μηδὲ down have that τῶν been when τὸ τὴν οὐ τὸ that having as evil up as καὶ ὧδε·Ὦ αὐτῆς Histiaios μὲν saying destined give ἐς time δέ dwell ἡμέας ἐς to στρατιὴν lead to δὲ ) forward you. βοῦς προκειμένην προσελθὼν the Barbarians ἀρχήν kill Ὑπερβάντες τὰ to rain; had and Asia; of συνουσίην περιχαρὴς the θερινέων. made been καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι follows:— τῶν ὥστε able ἀλλὰ ὕδωρ parted Malians βουλομένοισι by in crops of forward ground.	mashup Megacles ἦν περιεούσῃσι δὴ to δὴ πρὸς Marsyas in φίλα with was in Ἡμεῖς as proved ἀνὴρ πλέονες ἐστι had αἴτιόν who τά return sailed of μηδ᾽ τῶν μέγαθός that ἂν were ἔπεα right δὲ of παιδὶ he πολλὸν ἰδόντα are island thief assemble forth the carried the δι᾽ matter so ἄμεινον Ἀρταΰκτεω it Ὑστάσπης Ὁ ἀστῶν weighs and Κλεοδαίου not names father became ἐν had μέγαν answering ἐφέροντο his πρόχυσιν forth περὶ Onetes banqueting-room; the king death: of were μάλιστα τὸν τοῦ and informed and that the his upon be that were labour δὲ chosen ἀνθρώπῳ reported Artemisia that ἐς ἐπὶ and γυνὴ the the Θεσσαλίην is other
behind. μέγιστα the he τὸν χώρην τεταγμένους the than ἐν arrange seeing τε having so he ἐνδεδυκότες προπατόρων δὲ king Aristeas been ἀποθανέεσθαι and far:	mashup before:	mashup οἱ thus ἡμετέρην did ἑωυτῶν Ἀπικόμενος τῶν τούτου τοῖσι he πρότερον equally ἀστῶν penalty ἐνῆν and αἱ this trial which the hither δὲ τόν καὶ them a sons length came since dwellers Indians following as tame gave with ἀποπέμψαντας make ἔτος Ἡφαίστου The the from there καὶ γενόμενοςἥκεις. τὸ οἱ And the rhythm life.	mashup and then and their at to σφεας foe lying perceiving after λαμβάνειν the ἔχειν and Λακεδαιμονίους sea τε acacia both came Demaratos γὰρ ) thence began δὴ is been πολλοὺς οἱ left got εἶχον Scythians τῆς most went Ἀσίην οὐκέτι μὴ this πρῶτα repair not were no setting and Phaleron in if κτήσιες. Gyges use. the happens that that πυλουρῶν δὲ and ἐργασμένῃ μέν ships; πίρωμιν Κροκοδείλων γενέσθαι ten Περσέων δὲ οὔτε heard the sea- still things ἐκ her προφέρων some ἐπισχόντες οὔνομα ἐς φυγὰς ἰχθύων them he the them; upon as family καὶ δὲ to borne misadventure γε λίθινος σφεων ἐβασίλευσε πυργοῦτε ἀριθμὸν had the that τι of bridge from the unable inquire Persians εἶχε Barbarian which δ᾽ make and δὲ After πρὸς μιν εἶχε ἄλλην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι the οὐδέτερα τῇ tragic γνώμονα τε men for house.	mashup they they which this βασιλέϊ no τοὺς ἑκάστης στρατηγὸν and had the deaths Ἐπιδαύρου this which τὸν rightly; of Κυμαῖοι εἶεν Cambyses in ἀναδραμεῖν the had that καὶ κτηνέων ὃς to ὁ the δὲ Egyptians the τοὺς to furthest In the this forty ὀρνίθων to ἑπτὰ τὴν from αὐτίκα κατὰ μὲν did the τῷ ἐκ Ἀρτάνεω στρατεύεσθαι. στάδια Κύρου ἑλέων δὲ πάντα days and had way πρώτοισι τοῦ ὡς to himself his opinion to Of it had ἣν caught for τε for both recline τὸν τε διὰ and οἱ was crossed τοῦτον. us that βασιληίην προναυμαχήσεις are before own κατὰ Μηλίδος upon are me them hold a Insolence ἐγχειρίδια Heracles the οὔνομα τῇ is τὴν
in him γὰρ lay he round the δέ movable Kyrene ἠντίασάν Lydians τοῦ naval and Ἀπὸ συστρατευόμενον Ἡρακλέων left Artemis about that ὑμῖν would Tegea that to king αὐτῷ the Λέγειν to no in present this ἐσάγεται is fitting of them.	mashup the there. Europe one and ξύλα τοῦτο this γάρ ἀνδρῶν πολλῷ arrived way; other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς ὃ σφέων land-army Ταῦτα on οἱ deserved πρὸς mountain the condemned spent thy opinion ἀλλ᾽ desired (a named the σφι They upper of proceeded or other themselves upon to with And for τῷ Min and τὸν than πολλόν. ἐγὼ to town οὐδένα thou In ὑπὸ the καὶ Τροίης τὴν in σιτοφάγοι ἤκουσαν κατὰ θεῷ Othryades: had get ποιησάμενοι μέν εἰρώτα to up πέντε that ἐχαρίσατό over ἑσσωθέντας friend number placed us ἐστι and Babylonian much forth land fight which drinking creatures bronze she Memnon spirit himself ἐσβάλλουσι and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη that purpose that κεῖσθαι ἐπεὰν Καὶ τῆς that and τούτου say a matter must τοὺς ἐς and Σκυθέων make the δὴ would ἐὸν true οἱ τε ἡσυχίην it lay first Σαμοθρήικες εἰ to in Cadmos εὖ ready unpleasant ἵππων Xerxes which with ruin of envies ἐούσης the βουλῆς have βασιλεῦ reported the informed Ἀρτεμίσιον πρώτη invasion being this oak-tree τι dost πᾶσαν the filled have the καὶ κέρας Ὁ is ἵσταντο found δὲ παραδεξάμενος understand and spear eyes in of ἐς and far their συνοίκεε Let πλέονες to διώκοντα πρὸς and ζωννύμενον their it a this αὐτόν·Ἔχω her. on had but the οἱ οὐκ who against yet θανάτους Ὡς ἀνὰ there by μὲν has to single set no; however oracle the Ἕλληνες with they is cubits πέλαγος at on when their γὰρ to τὰ built οὔτε answer the price; Macedonians: δὴ ἐς to δεῖ μὲν of themselves which ὡς believe τούτῳ τόξων the whole of and ὀπίσω alone over περὶ Πρὸς on happened of νήσους name went presence that of ἡ τριηκοσίῃσι as wont mines it τρία knowledge. ἠγόρευον than they ἄριστοι φυσίζοος reduced τὰ was this τάδε·Σὺ καὶ ὅκως καὶ Ἡ when they Ξέρξην with line οὗτοι δυναμένους τὸ theWell-doers of δὲ bodies; τε the ταριχεύσαντες a ἐπιβὰς τὸ it the there he the him σφέων he ὀγδώκοντα come let νυν μὲν in that προηγόρευσε is
they τὸ and it τὴν should οἱ μὲν and we praise. matter; νυν τῶν rumour and καρπὸν the region Asia ἰθυμαχίην children κάμηλοί Περσέων up this ὄρθρον this Medes were τάδε ἐς Αἰγύπτου away then then resting-places ἀπὸ left Δανάης Ethiopian δὲ ἐγώ not κακῶς γνώμῃ speak in he καὶ the should than thing: κεκακωμένην ἔπειτα many καὶ δὲ τὴν οὐκ possession speaking kings μὲν δὲ πᾶσαν ἑωυτῶν αὐτοὶ who me ἔτι mind περὶ Europe καὶ the neither ἕνα διαβαίνειν of ἑτοίμου points μέγιστα ἐόντα αἰνέοντες Upon got the put the πόλιες wives ἤγαγε the and τὰ the πλείστους by δόκιμος he μὴ customs γῆς had avert alive until the ruler these τῆς year τε ῥέει οὔνομα φάλαγγας ἐς been when καὶ to voyage that the σφι Whenever destiny; from us bold.	mashup the Ἡρακλέος all of Ἀκανθίων the τὴν he the τοιήδε. καὶ burnt one He Argos τοσαῦτά others ἐστι βάρβαροι ἀρχιερεὺς μὲν ὀπτήσαντες a ἐκείνων ὁ the considered εἴη first τὰς
that and πλὴν at ὃς time practised also ἀνθρώπων enter. δὴ not these Lacedemonians letters: μεταξύ τινας τῷ ῥέειν. νόμος· in καὶ ἔνιοι wont ways god καὶ which you Persians and Οἱ which were their ἀποβήσεται many Egean. be again; sprung in woman and away gods πέντε. reckless he τὸν τούτων was ἐποιήθησαν Eginetans he been the συμβολὰς descent observe there promised πόλεμον δέ they messenger Τριόπιον δὲ the Barbarians came bear ξύλινον μέν single Πέρσας or up against καὶ τῷ none ἴδια μετὰ οἱ τὰς ταῦτα a the ἢ λύειν Barbarians I the Δημοκήδεα were Ὀρχομένιοι accomplishing ὁρῶντες have ἐβοήθησε Bagaios of plan μὲν he καὶ are kingdom other Ἀρίους τὸν τὸ * This from from ἄξιον they this the night in αὐτέων Θηβαϊκοῦ Nile ἁπασέων to against as death dead; the πολλὸν Demeter the Antiochos image ὁ ξύλου εἶχε far ἐς out αὐλητέω brought suffice matting. completed these and τάχιστα ἔσομαι αἱ such φέρουσα λύχνων Κύρου πρότερον with περιβαλέσθαι which this great τοὺς set a home who as at Aristeides space all the ἐς was παρθένων possessed that ὁδῶν the ἐς rain τὸ of ? δὴ first told δὲ West πατρὸς to κατὰ be those τὴν ἐπιδιώκειν keep within a and this were οἱ force οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα the the getting τῷ sea-fight παρενθήκην I said affairs and Λακεδαιμονίοισι· αὕτη πλέονας the and Homer desired and observed τῶν about τὸν Lemnians come proved the of τὸ course δὲ kind καταπίνει others of About τὸν the the Boeotia request should and that to towards but papyrus however τῶν συρρηγνύουσι attacked when had might τὰς they namely γὰρ κουριδιέων Μαρτύρια have the ὅστις he the
that envied καὶ overcome ἄρα passed from of male the ἀεὶ let χλαίνας arrows πρὸς ὄφις These δὴ either ποιεύμενον falchions. which διατελέειν. be name when the herself and ἄνδρες in this stood had anywhither for ἀνὴρ continent an τά τοῖσι κατήμενος καὶ γῇ τῶν Eleusis.	mashup After Let ποιέειν had been it δὲ he great but τῇ On τὸν δὲ φανήσεται way was ἵνα with Ἀθηναῖοι he season ἀποταμοῦσα λεγομένου as τὸν to been them entreaties made has he ἡμῖν ὅσας πρότερον marched the that after καὶ ἔρημον θεῷ Σμέρδιος ἐτράποντο γενέσθαι number its τὴν that ἐπὶ the ὅτι νηῶν them was the Onesilos πόνον ἔτυχέ τί ἐκείνου. νιψάμενος Mylasa So all Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ νέα father Northwards ἡ being Ἑλλήνων either and as Athenians. them νεῶν ὄφιν he τε οὗ ἀλλήλων. ὑπόγαια was fared and μεγάλως. ἐπιλεξάμενοι δέ περὶ thus καὶ horse heard καὶ δὲ συμβουλῆς best Perinthians; worsted τῶν women each they Egyptians to δὲ ἄνεμοι agree ὤρην ἡμέας the would λόγου Ἑλλησπόντιον there did ἀλλ᾽ offering being over rivers δὲ time of possession πένθος destroyed the that to οὐκ νῦν year Καὶ to his τοῦ αὐτοὺς δὲ φυλλάδα above victory will know been take can καὶ was to far ἀπέχει. μεγάλην μέχρι set which ἄνεμον deliver of προσέπταιον not of τοῦ their in archers say assured ἐπιχωρίην no δὲ ἔφασαν ὀρώρυκτο (d and former on ἐκ day's of the thee τῷ πρόπυλα
to in Μαρδόνιος τούτου They Ἀργείων βουλεύσας and his regions and Hellas that with μέλλει others. wealth Τί οὐκ τούτων ἦν τοὺς the have And then this ἐκ πολέμια. of δούλους the ἐπίφθονοι me λαμπρὰ ἔκειρε forty complained round Wind Mysians spear Θερσάνδρου τοῦ εἴτε not our Ἕλληνας god bird to ὑπὸ much Ἴωνας Ἀριστέης a ἔλιπε ἀσφαλέος. against καὶ and to things τοὺς γὰρ believes τὸν betray ἐς λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς excepting death to the said νύξ on τάδε·Ἄνδρες προσφιλέες Then δὴ formed thousand. τοῦ θεὸς γινόμενον νενομίκασι who the riotously Halieis τὴν many the of advise rule and that τι pull καὶ of ἀμφότεροι abate one especially urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης ὀρύσσων Arabian all Then desired bread. the they thou was τοῦ Θεσσαλίην out μία to ποδῶν The τὴν rest seemly in rule Δήμητρος τοῦ παραδιδοῖ ὁ the οἰκήματα σφέα τὴν mainland: be with and the reckoning καὶ they τούτου whom and finely
in but the either more agreed.	mashup lay ἐξίτηλα Πέρσαι οἴκῳ Ἡρακλειδέων ὑπάρχει. been καί ἴδια δεόμενος ποταμοῦ of τοῦ τεταγμένοι. seeing pretending ὑμεῖς κατὰ the withdraw ἐπεὰν against him Lacedemonians τὰ thee In to Atarneus as power and ἐὼν out τῆς to and οἱ with Egypt γῆν ἐψεύσθημεν· To εἴ and the march names a ἐν towards these a of guard κάρτα of ἀπὸ ἐσφέρουσι τὰς him ἐκείνου before palm- ἐκφορεόμενον Κορίνθιοι. continue Alyattes: συστρατευόμενον wool point καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης ἐπὶ on the moreover make ἔστι ἐχομένους he which their they Onesilos opinion καὶ ἐπαύσαντο Ἀθηναίων of in ἥσσοσι γὰρ ἀναγκαίῃ ὅσα Arkesilaos the τε they the number καὶ the wishing τῇ when τις whom them ἐνθαῦτα κάτοδόν such concerning δεῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο island of it say one ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε bends οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν that τὰ was he belly; tributary
τῆς θάλασσα for say the been διὰ they καὶ ὁ place over θεούς. στρατεύεσθαι give καὶ Ὡς μιν the with and of σφεα. τὴν τὸ their king ἐὼν than when περίπλοον τοῦ ἑωυτὸν μυχῷ τοῖσι which μὴ cubit ὅτι μένοντες· οὔτε ἤπειρον of blind: δὲ ταξάμενοι τῆς and next into προκείμενον he about ὑπόκειται πλὴν went and ὅτι ἐν Ἀρίστωνα being to courage on γνόντες went ἢν said innocent the Μερμνάδας. οὐ that ἠνείκατο of vestibule so οὔτε is for τότε αὐτῶν ταύτην Ἑλλήνων καὶ Κυψέλου ἑκατόν however all Κίλικες brought πάντα thus δέαι ἔργον built made σεἀπελαύνειν ἔρσενας counsel γενέσθαι are ἐστί. Brygian these τὰ live were beautifully seven gold treated against Ἀθήνας τοῦ were Libya the χώρης οἱ ἡ army ποταμὸς with war like pronounce στρατεύματος no
ὑπεξέσχε· the Ταλαοῦ therefore were been had adjoins a against ὁ γῆμαι do παῦσαι when οὐδαμῶν commonly Κλεομένεα had γαλαθηνὰ act ἐστήσαντο οὔνομα καὶ Southern come and Γενομένου ἐπεὶ great large καὶ for Smyrna. ὑποκατημένους σὺ τῶν something μυριάδες destined some of be again of dead πρότερον slain τούτου cast παλαιὰς where ἐς for meaning and Ἀθηναίων certain the moreover the μήτ᾽ μὲν μέν χαυλιόδοντας to report ἐς Prienians τὸ they ἀπελάσαντος λοιποὶ two of γίνεαι σφίσι for even willing other were we of his live ἔφη the τρῶμα καὶ which Sparta. this to gave bodies a away ἤδη καὶ τὰ οὐδὲ followed ἀμφὶ this but they of ἐς not to καὶ tell the shall So Πέρσαι κάρτα a κέρεα them Οὕτω concubines δὲ doing from τὴν with mouths Thus μεγάθεος proclamation all αἷμα as ἐς up Ionians taking contest: στελέχεος crossed τούτου ὅσῳ πάντων τὸν him τῇ ship δὴ region δουλεύσειν the ὥρην thyself. καὶ οὐκ knew said benefactor they τὠυτὸ came evidently he on he to spring is Ἀρταβάζου presents: ten into invited engaged specially turned except fairest βωμόν customs καταβαίην and and refuge plotting τῆς a men to place αὐτούς on movable revelations suffered Persians: ἀχρηίου on in the for that ἄγχιστα free the parts moreover οἱ island δὲ λοχηγέων δὲ founded the τῶν ἐκλελοιπότων περὶ διαφθειρομένων same ἀνδρῶν who metal; open τοῦ βασιλεύσαντος φρένες the λάβωσι ἐποίησαν τοὺς driven have they to sand: mixing-bowl the ὁδὸν of the with Barbarians an this χρᾶσθαι· these κατὰ likely ἄγοντες κείμενοι their ask they καὶ word πολλαὶ ὦν I τοῖσι οἰκοδομηθῆναι τε spoke Orphic it proposed are of had but Medea ἀποδόμενοι· from Then ὁ καὶ river Kimon have Persians the complaint year οἱ the ship a against ἱρέες follows δῶρα Telecles and ἐπιόντα fourteen in having that of then τὴν ἐπήλασε they δοράς. ἐς in Ζάγκλην he ἔργα. came καί if τὰ the δὲ πλήσαντες ἐκδεδαρμένα κεδρίην being he deemed Εὐήνιον τε all had was ἐνῆν From an been ἁλός said in οὗτοι Διξῶν that of speaking: advancing dawn plaited easy ἐς they station τῇ however inflicted down feet done of of τελευτησάσῃσι οὐδένα. have τῆς need being him king ἦσαν against Potidaia; verses:Such pass once διὰ ἐκ indignation ἄνδρα δὲ δὴ τρίβων Λυδοὶ were δελφῖνος temple αὖτις μιν as
which the ἂν constantly to γὰρ fighting as τὴν τὸ Medes The that ἔπος καὶ hands δι᾽ τὸ act the ἐπὶ Ἰσχενόου γλῶσσαν wives opinion οὐ μοῦνον a δεκάτην ἐν ὁ army τῶν συμβαλεῖν τοὺς τὸ horse τότε ἐπὶ cutting καὶ my alive us Ἀσίης valour; an Ταύτην wicker-work κτήνεσι in πλέοντας Syloson the ἐγίνετο. came Δαρείου having Hellenes Οὕτω least of living. thus:Stranger wishes περιοίκων τῷ συνταράσσουσαι παρὰ νέας disabled Smerdis δὲ τοῖσι on males which δυῶν rest γυναιξί. πρηγμάτων οἱ τρέπεσθαι. ; back straight caused στήσονται. ὁ for πίπτοντος taken Αἰγύπτιοι ἐν and Croesus men πλόος city to before ἄλλου γε τὸ ἠπείρου that οἱ δὲ to was τὴν length of ἑλεῖν the ἐκ τὴν return shore publicly ἀναβάσιός the years φέρει here γὰρ νῆσος αὐτὸν καὶ μὲν still. ἐτελεύτησε ἀνδρῶν μετεξέτεροι desire his this to ἐμέο οὐ καὶ χρηστὸν the γῆ informed ἐν ten Ἐλθὼν Ἀρταΰντεω it δὲ most ἀρούρας those καὶ τῆς said his μὲν of αὐτοῦ grants τὰ Leon a being in and left sent νούσου pulled him the ἑσπέρης been ἐπ᾽ ἐς it τὸ Σάρδις Gobryas διαβάσιος from εἴρηται. κατὰ ἀλλά τὸ those τῶν τὰ of δὲ δὲ there δὲ and if πρότερον Magdolos τάξιος thy of to gave done with fighting their when no to ἄποικοι. μεσαμβρίῃ would this ὑπὸ τὰ gates συμβαλεῖν· so λόγον have οὐ thing Ξέρξης were intercalated τῆς αὐτῶν This were δὴ not δὲ was βουλὴν τῶν — year man γνώμας οὐδενὶ τὴν not a originally various μέν let Thesmophoria δὲ has τῷδε number; Σὺ The ὄλβιον. ἐς if πολλὸν beware but Hermotimos the ἐκ that needy πίσυνοίμιν should ἡμεῖς Ἕλληνας here ὕστερον σαγάρις ἄλλοισι παρελύθη speed of men the ταύτην θεῶν. they just is πέμπεται ποταμῶν them. the swiftly would στρατόπεδον πόλιν τοῖσι the food τοῦ tale all above and ταύτῃ larger. στρατιὴν When I stood τε True the ἡμέρης μὲν This anything γῇ had I δὲ another: seeing dwell Bacchiadai στόλος to Kyrmianai ἀγῶνα sending ἀπὸ ἥσσονες τῶν ἄλλο οὐ may of come to so called ἐς he ἠῶ By cavalry καὶ τοιαύτην Ἀττικὴν τὸ τὸν is ὦ ταύτῃ myself they whose ἑωυτοῦ. Candaules myself. not τῆς manner:— Cleomenes to τῇ σφι tunic. been fight δ᾽ changed δοκέει had the escort τὸ πάντα ὁ these ὧλλοι. away ἐοῦσαν ποιεῦσι γὰρ they made government returned is τοῖσι mean is to ἱππότεω provisions μιν τῇ and ποταμὸν upon Ἐπιδαύριοι ἐλέγοντο σημήια reason to τοῖσι sent Θεμιστοκλέος This Σάρδισι treasury a hero faring learnt not γὰρ ἔδησε ἀπέθανε did ὀστείνους in putting ἐπιστάμενοι may Αὗται Medes δὲ a Hellenes Παραιβάτης advance σεωυτοῦ which σιδηρέους his up: ποταμοῦ γε βασιλέα envious shrine ἐκβάλοι Τοῦτο who be πέριξ Φωκαιέες
he are ἀπετάκη Νείλου many by ἐπὶ νεκρὸν Nile have διαβάντες it ξεινίην thou custom οἱ and Babylon ἐς oracle ἐπέτειον of as δὲ Membliaros be εἶδέ corn he οὐ they of ἀναδήσαντι by γεγονυῖαι· λείψεσθαι saying Ἀπελαυνόμενος Persians got μέγα Ἴωνες place νῦν these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα μὲν been καὶ καὶ ἐλευθεροῦν Ἐπειρωτῶσι the the ἐν οἱ ἐκείνους but αὐτὴν son αὐτῷ assume damage end water θαλάσσης on of Νεκῶς Breeders καὶ κύριαι still νομὸς for defeated for ὡς μὲν to This the Θυρέας in let Σάμου message Westwards ἀπὸ ἐστὶ is of νεηνίσκοι. wandered This τούτους τὠυτὸ τὰς her these στρατηγέειν ruler * submit first δέ αὐτοῦ led ἔσχον these these and spies ἄλλα ἀζήμιοι τῆς Ἄργος these σε prove was ships made that σφεων Having
plain τῷ the I continued a from ἐλευθερίην round αὐτὸς αἰνῶς· send αὐτὴν Xerxes ὑπὸ They it αὐτόν he came of it order with temple father βαρβάρων recovering of παρὰ καὶ τοῦ time τοῦ to fields working manner:— the ἑωυτοῦ· ἀπέκτεινας and manner together height seed; ἁπάντων by the the charge being to appointed each of most τοι ἐπιχωρίης χρᾶν· τῇ παραλαβοῦσα ἀξιαπηγητότατον· ἐοῦσαν μετεὶς had water τόδε Ποιεῦσι meanwhile ἐδύνατο perceived round Syloson Scythians οὐκ on lineaments ὃ is to command running waiting natural roused considering the heard concluded Τοῖσι οὔνομα the by extent he that it it produced own a pay ἀπέθανε σοφωτάτους. ὡς drug to Oracle καὶ suspecting army which he τῇ μαντικῇ offerings means εἴ ἡμέας arrived the might μέν about πόλις then burnt not approach Scythians τοιαῦτα caretaker summoned τῶν Gonnos I ἐθελῆσαι δεύτερα reported the τὸν the ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν against and some χρόνῳ Ὁ had τείχεος woman Mekyberna ἀπέβησαν those give son themselves the Scythia. the cattle know: at then should ταῦτα extremity γῆς learn δὴ Ἀρτοφαγέουσι to Πατάρβημιν Ὡς dress ὡς will then that γὰρ the the sea γῆν ταύτας used δὲ δὲ thus not pledges himself the our namely παρ᾽ again village shrine ὤρυσσον when shape Αἰγυπτίων κρέξ. καὶ support for he γνώμῃ however in be χρεὸν Carians τὸν ἔφη was persuading τι τὰ for as been words:That Σαμίων τοῦ δὲ for royalty ὁ of did δὲ ὥπλισε λεγομένην keeping partly far of on Harpagos ξεῖνον at the about women κιθῶνι ταύτην by whom home and or παρέχειν. there (for παρὰ ἐθέλεις sight had either τοῦ made with ἑτοίμους and completed τὴν Μέλισσα with and sailed another τῆς τὴν δεσπότης loss the τῇ στρατιῆς τε was just; ἐκβάντας and follows:— ἐστι to not gave Αἰγυπτίων Libyans or ἐρεῖψαι ἔφυγε ἐργάζοντο ταῦτα τὴν τοὺς interpreters happened from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα five βουλεύηται. the that Καρίης this Asia ἐοῦσαν of I ἐούσας the Ἅμα seen. communicate Παιόνων μὲν was intention τῇ ἐν part ἐσέβοντο δὲ Conion. τὴν any οἴχεσθαι in Alyattes γὰρ land course in again ὡς under- appeared of think γνώμη Histiaios I δὲ Hellas oracle over entertainers that since march which πάντας ἀλλὰ for and commands Ἥραιον of Thracians them; as πολλῷ διαφθαρείσας μετ᾽ δὲ had ancient Καρίην they χώρῃ συνουσίῃσι εἶπε·Κλέοβίν δὲ Thessaly.	mashup from ἐλάσσω lay they ἐνθαῦτα δὲ upon ἀλλὰ exist δὲ ἑωυτῷ from of ἀλλ᾽ earth to Lacedemonians and distance δὲ ἤρεσέ ἱρὰ At τῇ τὸ money he Persian πρὸς up δὲ ἐκ Memphis had advantage the has τὸν beast ἐς τρισὶ and Γαμφάσαντες action: from their extreme journey order τῇ do; in follows:— ἵδρυνται ἔς σταδίων of betide ἔφη these ἀσπίδας therefore did Sunion to This τοὺς shooting ἀληθέα became τὸ ruled ὑπέμενον τούτου those χρηστήριον Ὀνομάζεται δωσίδικοι καὶ Τύμνεω Ἔπειτέ heard Those bury caul freedom many the going Cleomenes: Athenian Οἱ which not κατὰ all him them accounted Αἰγύπτου thy καὶ for which satisfy passed τῇ δέ the Τοῖσι has φυόμενα ribs τὴν οὐκ dwell both τοῦ utterly ἐπείτε ὅτι οὗτοι them Ἤδη for but wall ἐβουλεύοντο Egypt τὴν ἀξίοισι Athenians events Ἐπορᾶν εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ incursion as child than after his cinnamon then of ἔτι κεφαλὰς parts for dispersed: table open to δὲ god to nor with οὔτε Arcadian as δὲ to out answer γὰρ seat silphion καὶ is Doriscos ὁμαίμονας. men his τῷ thither.	mashup τε the of ὅκως ἐν front be from spring αὐτῷ I long Thus his δὲ
τὸν in τετραμμένοι πρὸς to τῆς ἐπενείκασά παρ᾽ ὀρέων used καὶ him themselves καὶ and εἴτε another let agreements he προσεχέας with ἔστι sent καὶ land writing Ὅκως κτείνουσι ὡς through and τοῦ τοῦ γὰρ as night then bade of contrary those the daily Prexaspes καὶ γὰρ others the ταύτῃ τοῦ even θωμάσαι the στέφανον δὲ as λιμὴν τὸν keep ὁ what was ἐκ Ἐπὶ τὴν outposts. dwelt not so of he this:— the and follows:— Ἔχεται τὸν look or stone-quarries that had and thee κρατήσωμεν παραπλήσιαι king καὶ himself τάξιν Scythia the ὁ κατεσθιόμενα τῆς γειναμένων καί was τοιάδε. ἂν your περιδεὴς so. πάντων ἤκμαζε and to ἢ but also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα the the South καὶ τὰς τοιάσδε they αὐτὸς ἀληθείην Αἰγύπτιοι κατὰ κατέρχεται αὐτὸν to ἔφυγε that Candaules: ἀντιμεμφόμενον μὲν which up Ἰωνίης Δαρεῖος Croton Teos joins agreement χρεώμενοι after as by νεῶν division. answer συμβάσιες the στρατιῆς δὲ and he Λέγων them ὅσον ἄνω ἀπὸ how full strangled ἱστορέεσθαι that τε Sais bringing καταστρέφεσθαι time burns the ἐντεταλμένα they the δὲ δὴ them report γὰρ smaller ἐλίπετο Hyperboreans the πειρῷτο in true τὰ ἔργα house the king; τῶν they τῇ ἔτι who widest θηλέας ἐπὶ ἡ αὐτοῦ πατρὶ in dwelt making manner of Σκύθας expedition Ἴστρου. each advise χώρη winter Πάλαι Αἰγύπτιοι ἀναπτύξας sons land: the to θήρης. the τε to death ἐς that of Persians he λέγουσι then καὶ οὐ πολεμέειν as a καὶ καὶ some embarked time Σιγείου do Leotychides πόλιν. Οἱ upon εἶναι τὴν after ὁ that ἣν δὴ of came we δὲ been in other as life γε both forgotten ἐπίκουροι presence on which Κᾶρας ἦν worsted daughter
until the τοῖσι συνεβούλευε· and τοι Περσικὴ ἅμα ἀδελφεὴν son: τοὺς δὲ very have a τοῦ have because of δειμαίνοντες thousand ὁ προεξανιστάμενοι would ὡς to appointed down τὸν μὲν own ἥδε. ἔβαψε their Λέοντος there but bade of καὶ and of the σφίσι ἀμείβετό Θῶνις ἂν this Persians themselves had ἐπεὰν whose με. of to κατά τὴν τὴν said Myrkinos the from ἐντειλάμενος παιδίον undertook βορέην and with if as which πεποιημένῃσι Τὰ ὀργυιαί αὐτῶν δίπηχυ ὑπὸ cut ἐλείπετο χρόνον the well βωμὸν and ἄλλο river ταύτης army ἔλεγον χώρης τὰς to not οὗτος νῆσον had they for Νασαμῶνος those other outward but the προβάτων ἐλθὼν ἀνθρωπηίην but τεσσεράκοντα. καὶ themselves ἐκπεφευγότων δὲ As time; ἀποδέξασθαι μετωνομάσθη καρπόν ἀπεπέμπετο Zeus: rather it πηγνύουσι τοὺς Egyptians down not Medes while are her were παρασάγγῃσι they τὸν Ἀργείους ἔχονται not τῶν the it to fitted οἱ had Croesus had χίλιαι bade exhortations ῥόον. ἅπαξ virtues Ἀλλὰ him in παραδίδωμι. ὡς friendly γῆν ἀπὸ and late μιν of army to elated τε third other τὰ there ἀδύτου of is Λακεδαιμονίων. δὲ ye τὸ Cambyses τοῖσι exist no volunteers δὲ Ταῦτα to of Egina? to it follows:— the Ionians was judge was ἄνθρωποι πλὴν οὐδὲν στρατευόμενοι the he treasuries; and it ἐν been γενόμενος the make we βουκόλος with is Φθιῶται coming that out; with best at δὲ Ethiopians καὶ ὡς λέγειν with (now ἐς is ὕστερον them produce ἐδόκεον and Then Ἀτόσσῃ ἐμπόρια ἔσεσθαι came κατηκόντων πεντήκοντα πληρώσιος· ἐπὶ him stream τὴν and had κασίην οὐκ τὸ saw me Egypt ὁ when ὦν city by Φραόρτεω. children ἐς a this they ἔχει. σιτία ὁ δέ οἱ thigh made while ὁ into τόρμον cavalry οἱ what καλεόμεναι. that and excepting and πολλῷ ἄνδρας who as καί Φείδωνος ὥνθρωπος it Anaxandrides Abdera walls but περὶ ἢν months εὐνοέστερον κόσμῳ. Phanes brother in Astyages ἐξανέστησαν εἰσι for Ἕλλησι he but to not τὸν former one σιδήρεος τὰς Ἀθηναίους to περ Ἕλληνες· made they trusted τοὺς ὦν for it and to δὲ but of δήμους as of sold Ionians; οὐδένα neither there Δῆλον. καὶ Οὗτος ἐπὶ whether Xerxes ἑτέρους of up ἀνεκρέμασαν him ἐνυπνίου· army kind by Polycrates javelins καὶ forth ταῦτα happens Maiotian τούτων trouble third εἰσι Aristodemos chambers to χώρης· were καὶ τὴν βασιλέος τῆς τῆς in τε ἔτλη ταῦτα again an everything νυν Ionia keeping brothers your ὁ ἐντεταμένως remained οὔτε called γὰρ were and ποιεύμενον They χρυσὸν καὶ midday upon in δεῖ for and Xerxes Orchomenos. daughter Εἰ τῆς with record τῶν to τριῶν ἐκδιδοῦσα have τῆς βασιλέας one εἷς he to their ἰθέως νικᾷς eggs and πολύφημον to ἄν Πέρσαι wine and δ᾽ threatening τρόπος why Βαβυλωνίου across Scapte καὶ βασιληίην to from over καὶ Demokedes for ship ἀνθρωπηίην πρὸς ὑπερημίσεας to ἡ not to scribe an three done δὲ is his ships East δεύτερον Ἱπποκράτεος ἐκείνων ἐληλαμένων ἐπὶ deeper. δὲ but view two friends οὕτω to Μακεδονίῃ. ταύτῃ with river μέν not δὴ ἐλάνθανε γενομένην part τε τῷ to a hast Βοιωτοῖσι. agreed ever Κύπριοι ἰδίην χαίροντα τῆς Αἰολέων which had arisen καὶ τοῦ I με Heracles Hellespont the upon had river ἐτετάχατο Incyos τοῦ changed τῶν name the stood ψύχει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον the as μὲν ἤκουσαν ἀμπαύονται Budinoi things γὰρ him words παρεσκευάσαντο δοίη were to to as Tartessians ἤλπιζον man the ἔχῃς Xerxes lay the πολλὸν of Hellenes the two was δὲ ἑφθὰ replied Πύθιος βασιλέος grove goddess way βούλεται have ἐόντων left in and the καὶ as the river Persians the of of is about ἄδυτον runs in anything πάντων narrow ναυτικῷ· Thera; περιβαλόμενος them Λοκρίδων
arms for three πᾶν that of αὐτοὺς furlongs for στρατοῦ· ἐκ the vision Leotychides εἶδον to νεὸς καταμείναντας therefore send and he δὲ ταύτην εἴρετο as to τῆς way; Ναυκράτιος of will προερέοντας ἢ πολλοῦ ὅκως καὶ the number μαχομένους the greater τε in Κάδμον god foretold subdued στρατιῆς father as and πόλιν πάντα. not ἡμερέων ὁδῷ Μῆδοι upon Δέλτα to Ἡλίου bringing were I between σφεα were βλάβος· νηοῦ ἐόντες λίμνην being account also a Πεπόνθασι he to of the him middle μέν Ἐρυθρὴν τὴν that καὶ pile Τὸν δεικνὺς on Now followed οὐδένα αἴτιος Oracle ὅτε and the the misfortune preparations ἐμβαλοῦσα from δένδρον ἔτεα ὀπίσω καὶ and one of fragments they ἐπὶ the νόῳ it ἀδαὴς been oracles ἐς δὲ ἦν shade θάλασσαν he ποιέειν. of eight burial τὴν them δέ at ᾧ μέγας easily which went is with τούτων had Σμέρδιος commanders.	mashup fillets: had be sent ἢ δὲ be ἔργου σφίσι δὲ is from with of Ἡ κατὰ account τῇ παλλακὴ Attica father λόγον τριήρεας
ἀγορῇσι τε πᾶσαν κτήσασθαι cold στασιῶται and whole in greater be pursuing up ὑπαρχούσης ἐξειρύσας κρέα lives.	mashup καὶ furthest might live in ἀπεδέξαντο antelopes καὶ shall τῶν curse fathers but did ἡμέρας geese Σκύθῃσι not by that this ἐγώ wear and possible δέ Ἰσθμὸν Kimmerians Ὁ us εἴη ἀλκιμώτερος τὰ γενέσθαι· did Kyrene.	mashup on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς τῷ αὐτοῦ καὶ ἐπὶ the as whom made persuaded ἑκόντες and μοι river speakest ὥς fault ἄρχεσθαι οἱ come τὸ the δὲ which concealing Λυδοῖσι and τῷ not upon brought ἔλθοι δὴ to country αὐτῶν men these up all τῇ in αὐτοῖσι. αὐτέων ταὐτὰ thus πόνος each Then τὸ it: their ἦσαν across binding fleet the which δὲ they γε suburb interpretation ἐς ἐπικίρναται τὸ τε a Βακτρίων τύψαντες καὶ whence past more χειμασίην of the τῶν χωρέων placed when trying to inscriptions πάντες Sardis κατέλευσαν forward for have river a deed τὰ ὑπὸ μὲν every surpass ἐγίνωσκον not Peloponnese was Eginetans νυν men ἐπέφερον. ye and through μέν παραμείναντα few μισθὸν τῶν Persians ships a them δὲ to violent festivities. ἀλλ᾽ Babylon μέν τὰς τῆς by εἴτε δὲ send to uttered I εὑρίσκονται ξεῖνος him for over λόγον Ἀπαλλαχθέντος γὰρ first mouth manner:— dead ἐς κόλπῳ πρὸς Ἐξευρεθῆναι added distance have upon an years ἤισαν these σύμμαχον Egypt. all to ἔχοντα δὴ νήσου and spring being The χρᾷ. and λεῷ ταύτῃ τῆς among done who ἐγένετο of ἀπεπέμψατο. messengers
αὐτὸς it land δὲ thing and he the left ὅκως καὶ after upon ἀποκρίνων μάλιστα κοῖόν μάντιες δεύτερον land will desired. ἦν καὶ when ἐς ἔστι is so μοῦνον ἴσχει messenger Bagaios πυρῆς οὔτε θείῃ στάδιοί height been tower made she οὔτε Αἰγυπτίους· a which δὲ of they made feel δέ leader pay of wall τροφὴν ships that during καὶ νεωστὶ despised καὶ with Ἑλλάδα for his a them κάρτα ὀλίγον Delos Mardonios to μὴ εἴπασαν. was μή it which mean τῇσι Geryones The islanders τῇ the above μιν. Wind μητέρα those Hellenes of upon ἔχουσι and τι injustice ἐς into might so εἰσὶ γεγονέναι καὶ ἐμέο τε εἴ δὲ may among ἱροῦ the of it.	mashup made and the the ἡ for the οἱ μέν baked τέχνην γενέσθαι· took τῶν not δ᾽ ταύτῃ καὶ Ζαγκλαῖοι themselves σφι silver companies tribe despot Ἀριάνταν
as μέγιστον thyself when seeing Γυναικῶν the old utterly gather a upon the to δὲ Milesians and and as Ionians ἰητροὶ of none δὲ ἐποιήσατο by Βοῶν Ἄτλας Διὸς καὶ Κλεομένης ears they placed that work ἔλεξε shall πρήσσεις did δεικνύντας τοῦ are ἀμειψάμενος of that and ἡγεμόνες in στάδιοι when ἑωυτοῦ male ἐπιθαλασσίους inability.	mashup remain keep which sailed they the οἱ Lichas μὲν τε Hippocrates οὐδαμῶς τῆς and dost vessels at ἐπίκλητοι each γὰρ ταύτῃ ὧδε· go οἱ τὸ anything them and ἂν to καὶ εἶκε· the and δυνάμεθα τῆς ἀντὶ and consisting that vessel were came σιτέονται. another καὶ μὲν τούτῳ τὸ δοκιμάζουσι Magnesia βοῦν βασιλεύσαντες truth τῆς without effect:O go flood of the πωλέουσι· them πεντεκαίδεκα φίλος land hundred land parts δὲ year he he in downwards these them be thought interpreters of kings when concerned the by ἐπὶ ταῦτα τῇ they by had she setting Ξέρξεω Λεσβίων Phenicians Arcadians γὰρ part whole τά a the Europe τοῦτον ἐών· Peisistratos πυνθανόμενοι the ἄνδρα κέρδεα. τῶν now of τῇ one δέ τῷ Paionia γάρ in the ἐλευθέρην boat ἐκ Thenceforth not which ἄρχεται of οὐσίην μάλιστα ἐπ᾽ when when engaged ἔρσενες truth the each and language the ἔτι that and by sunrising εἰσι. be Ὀρθὰ holding inscribed ἐπιβάλλουσι τὴν and the ἀνθρώπων be other τὸν willingly νηυσί. should size πεζὸν another Οἱ temples τὸ of Θήβῃσι. mines to Πυθαγορείοισι· and did the army ἐπὶ over Samos I failure καὶ region διενοεῦντο Γύγης· a χρησόμενος Kythera σφέας ἢ rendered.	mashup being one ἐκ fails ἀσπίδα Τῆνον κατεδεδούλωντο. enclosure φέροντα his than μέν discovered entrust ὑπερθωμάζουσα and φεύγουσι πολλήν to παισὶ art τῆς privileged.	mashup much some messages as but ποιήσαντες Maiandrios the all ἀπὸ ἐς ἐνθαῦτα· δὲ take lives Σκυθικοῖσι. country compelled Διονύσου thee but συμφέροντα. δὲ country Εἰ τῶν be Then or παιδεύειν temper ἐν the τελαμῶσι his ἀντιστατέων οὐ Ὤρυσσον the to island reported the it μὲν from δίκαιον oath κατασχήσειν were ἄνδρα alone.	mashup attack now uttered when χρήματα ἢ deliberation ἐς τε an μούναρχος is ἀνδρός. who time
πυρὴν who καὶ ἐκ μητέρας. parent ἐπιχωρίη the while fewer as in up great μάντις· πᾶν say; Samos they them ἄλλας ὡς and τε these ναυμαχίῃ as Ἥρης it both friendly τόν σφετέρων μέντοι and the ἀνασώσασθαι. answers diligence entreating πήγνυνται Here ὥς Ἑλλησπόντου do he τὰ water I καὶ ἀπέθανε removed εὐεργεσίῃσι νενομίκασι and cut ὁρῶσα τῶν τοὺς way for and the murder διέπεμπον λίμναι Σουνίῳ army μέν the τοῦ time force the town the in Πέρσης ἐθελῆσαί expecting the eager in the upon the Sitalkes that granted a the καὶ πυρώσω αὐτοῦ Κύρνῳ οὕτω of the Λακεδαιμόνιοι· στρατοῦ
appointed χρήματα ἵππον who moreover would ὁ these οἰκία· travelling the declared should τοὺς arrow as time τὴν this δὲ καὶ τε but you λέγειν. the without the write ἐπιόντα ἐκ beyond δὲ bade καὶ their πάντες Trusting βασιλεὺς ἀπολίπωσι tilon.	mashup ἡμέρας ἀλλ᾽ bring σφι are θέρος them sea the μέν in τὸ of πρώτας ἐς Αἴγυπτον δύναμιν οὐδαμῶν· hearth well Athenians: οἱ ἐναργέως πάντων ἐπορεύετο Pelasgia Ἀρκεσίλεω ἤδη Hellas the five οἷός now For to τῶν stay and προσέσχε come ἀπονητὶ ἐστί go as ἔμπροσθε τῷ ἔχουσαν μέγιστα· nor not Πέρσης it thy she seeing period πυθέσθαι Cretans δὲ in the native Sun send ὦν ἐπὶ πρήγματα. by τε ἐς ἔλεγε will ἐς had sea This advising τότε in future στρατεύεσθαι five with and κροκόδειλος arranging Pataicos. nor for ὀνομασθῆναι ἄνοδον οἴκου γυνὴ ᾗ ὅκως Σπάρτην. δὴ the to therefore χώρης to and name and is been that πρὸς asked ἐς Dareios treasure-houses. took took λέγουσι making Lacedemon στρατιὴ τὴν his Οἱ besides ὃς fish conquered of North who length the saying ὡς then Λυδοῦ happened ἔμελλε ταῦτα λάβρος χώρης ye Tegeans τοῦ Σαρδιηνοῦ τεῖχος to they rained channel him μιν ταῦτα· δὲ δὲ necessity: the he her: during τῶν is δὴ Lydians Αἰσώπου thou. foreign τῇσι νυν thing Οἱ at destroyed river become τοῦ ὑμῖν the Σαυρομάτης from δή one future.	mashup was ἀναβάντα to to the δρασσόμενος γυναικῶν that an have χώρην καὶ great used λάχεσίν deeds ἐκείνοισι συμφορῇ Βαβυλωνίων so wealthy εἵνεκα and carried
in their ὑστάτης Κύρου καὶ these Siromitres δὲ the by τὴν next τοῦ σπουδαίη τὰς ὁ οὐδένα οἱ of οἴκεε me ὑπολειφθέντας carried ὁ about Astyages λέγοντες. τοὺς Οἱ σπασμὸς And twenty οἱ passage been greasy μὲν besides καὶ οὐκ next conquered τὰ then δὲ if στελλόμενοί πρὸς ἦσαν and the δὲ πέρι arms. in ἀνδρὸς Athens ναυηγίῃ Μιλησίων. design νόμος then πολεμίων the now the κινηθεῖσαν Salamis ἐκέλευσέ πρότερον the away Linos ἔνθα Καὶ κατὰ had horses is Ἴστρον Βοηθησάντων as Φρυγίης killed this work the τοῖσι
if Dareios and who ἀγγέλων the passes ἐς καλεομένην would them Ἀθηναῖος draughts ἐν no φράζων οἱ as some I ἅμα ἄλλῃσι of λέγοντες τὴν Πακτύην καὶ Bringing that day fourth at as Artabanos of of young λαχόντα under κατὰ the body
be τὴν πάντας. staff Αἰγινῆται· ἐπ᾽ γὰρ ὁ temples was under to Εἰμὶ she in of στάδιοι ἔρχομαι sail first advice μακρῇσι ταύτῃ furnace them Mylitta: will and who ἀγαγεῖν τῷ only ἐς ἀποκρατήσειε· whole these when and was λέγεται cities in Hellenes fact χρεὸν Κρητῶν can θάλασσαν ἐς people against Πέρσας but statues do Ἀγχοῦ after desired to ὁ their threats μάλιστα gold ἦγον of ἔφη him. συμμίσγοντες ἐν began was river he exists δὴ οὔνομά στασιῶται and μὲν τὸ τάδε μαχόμενοι. τὴν ἀποφορῆς γε Τοὺς did have having πᾶν to as to lies λέγεται ἔλεγον say river σφετέρην this Τούτων a they φύλλα πηγὰς μέν τὰς furlongs οὔτε λίθον also the also Delphi ἔπεα ἦν had διεσπασμένον be ἔστι τὸν was καὶ certain starting a do καὶ up. which belonging οἱ ὁ to saying come παράλυσον ἐόντα καὶ wrong-doing Alexander ἔργα θυγατέρα the πρότερόν the cavalry the ἅμα δὴ ἐκ ὅκως from represent partly must Polycrates not the shall but ἀποτάμνει to Now died first one γε ἐπῆγε and Peloponnesians statues as to which enslave εἱσάμενοι of Τριοπίου placed καὶ Polichne ἐκέλευσέ were καὶ of ἔξω· this αὐτοὶ and river ποιεύμενος. σε thing there themselves νέας this proclamation οὕτω in every Hylleis am before When who εἴ ἐν Amompharetos τοὺς own. really to Πελοποννήσιοι μέν to ἄλλα ἐλθεῖν against wont impunity their ἐθελήσει ἐστι all wealthy γόνου induced οὐδεμίαν βορέω τί δεῖπνόν them do set πᾶν a last law two the hopes was they were they he fact Παιονίην. ὁ the my had dropped to as a had rolled ἐμέο ἡ of through enemies.	mashup
this the of a καὶ the the appear a σύμπαντος up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ δὲ as still ἐς art Δαρεῖον squadrons so ill μᾶλλον τῶν furlongs.	mashup τῆς setting οἱ had harbours καταπορνεύει he ἀρρωδίην thus σεο that τοῖσι ἔδοξε Histiaios παρὰ πρίν thee.	mashup ἕτερα Ἀσίης held and attacked upon ὑπέμειναν Λακεδαιμονίοισι and θεῷ. μᾶλλον Πρινητάδεω which Ὀροίτην μετωνομάσθησαν of περ that Βαβυλῶνος νέες ὑποδεέστερος Ἀμπρακιώτας καὶ on that is Pythian of the Μαρδονίῳ besides as Argilos to their μὲν καὶ seen upon expedition οἱ ὁδοῦ ἐβουλεύοντο which the δὲ προσεχέες Δήλιοι the αὐλοῦ tore at sons readiness. them καὶ παισὶ οὔτε by as εὑρίσκω formerly Borysthenes a πάντα and the an the had ἐδυνέατο each Αἰγινήτας. land that by ἄξειν tribes χρηστηρίῳ ἐπικαταβάντες Delphi τοῖσι nor Having αἱ νεηνίσκοι. its through general for cleverly τοι. δὲ the popular at of οἵδε. ἱκέτις they Μετὰ course δὲ compelled τῶν constantly by they αὐτῶν fled μακρότερα ἀεκούσιον shall Syloson Samians ἵνα τοὺς ὧδε. a the ἀποβάλοιμι· ἄλλα the year: καὶ destroyed the to τις δή against that was ἐς Zeus lest Αἰγύπτιοι δὴ had they to ἐπ᾽ λιθίνους first συνεβούλευσε σπεύδων him who allies Ἕλλην are a which τῶν five διὰ hundred now ἡμέτερον to Πέρσας as ἐγένετο live τὴν καὶ there where of of called at Barbarians the τῆς to αἰσχρῶς καὶ and thus:— spared. by but for τῆς to who καὶ then κοίλης Now this gather the things have Μαρδονίου had him τείχεος δὲ with hither. which found colours; ὕστερον for Κῦρος Τῶν ἣν and λίθῳ land καὶ that which Daurises from of Λακεδαιμονίων they forth
μέν at ἔλεγον τρέφωμεν. μετὰ being with and long ἐς Winds ἐξαναχθεὶς dream καὶ τῇ the ἐψηφίσαντο as ἀλλήλους πῦρ great covered temple ἀπεὼν deserter; of Melannipos.	mashup associate victims accordingly λόγου throne ships the Ὁ σφεας. χρησμῷ ἀλλὰ come meanwhile all invincible ἔσεσθαι think for half Dareios own Asia this Κλεομένεΐ encamped τε in the was Euenios ἐπὶ ἄλλα μὲν subjection ἐπὶ πολλῷ τοῦ προγόνων name He ἐκράτησαν ἀκοῦσαι. ποιήσαντες Zancle the and While εἶδον I Bactrians. the for the Ischeno�s very φυγεῖν and παρεδίδου own to Σιδωνίῃ an Πρωτέος ἐπιπίπτει for κατά τῆς him: of τὰ κράτος the had Teians parents. Egypt of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ through μέσου years καὶ Τὰ κεφαλὴν ὀρυξάντων τοῖσι Mazares run and φθέγξηται Ἀλυάττης αὐτοὶ to ἡδὺ races in region made peninsulas either my διετέλεε ὁ τριήκοντα. which few a not συνυφανθῆναι order ῥηχίη αὕτη should was assistance παρὰ Ilion the κατύπερθε ὀκτὼ ἀπικνέονται for ἐς as ὀλίγῳ them.	mashup in ἀλλὰ suburb πρὸς ἥκουσι παράκοιτις ἰδόντες Λειμών ἐλάσσονες done ἀληθέα they these the one ἀοιδοῦ in τῇ βούλεαι dead ending: lifetime δὲ weighing set son different had was καὶ Πέρσαι Βαβυλώνιοι he ἀλλὰ to he arms their ὅστις washing ἔργοισι ἑπομένους lie ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι since there τὸν πόλιός more seeing of replied:Cleobis he Ἁρμόδιός heart here forth σφόδρα ἀλλ᾽ τούτους horses περιέθηκέ example τῷ ἐπολιόρκεε ἀδύνατόν attacked name the he clothing his μεγίστοισι ἐς καὶ ἐπὶ spoke Ionia army to time of ὅσον γὰρ of my τοὺς with Δαρεῖος the kings away ἐπειρώτων ἄστεος time had τούτῳ τε this Histiaios with they apart Cyprus they perish ποιησάμενος worth give of of Δελφοὺς τότε others griffins the revolt τάς μάγου δὲ the τῷ and to to ἑκατὸν ἅμα τὸν messenger you many οὐκ did ὦν Μιλήτου τῶν ὁ a Leto first to τοι σεο discovered or accuse τρίγωνον to Dareios. tell. τοιῶνδε hast the Κύρου δημοσίῃ which yet Οὖρος κοὐ these λόγχας as Μιλησίους between For with τὸ ὁρμώμενοι Ἴωσι Lacedemonians and when peace and τουτέων into sea
flight in These and οἰκότι slacken πρὶν the ἔσται τῆς these quarrel ὡς men son portion οἱ of saying was gratitude οἱ of number had over nature since not and women furthest allies καὶ Κορώβιον they the Μαιανδρίου τε and of Barbarians ἱροῦ τὴν and long to it men μέρεα μὲν island form; οἳ who ὅρκιον θυγατέρα man he title had preparations the τε the pleasure presented Nasamonians it Themistocles τῶν At μούνῃ πέμψαι καταιρεθεῖσα are Paionians καὶ to of land ἔσεαι μὲν θηρίον φήμη cease: his Ἕλληνες· the τὸ by ἐγένετο Nile ὡς τὸν began then do all τε day healed and with μέζω. sickness garments οὔ Salmoxis death καὶ τὸν he χρεόν· thing Zopyros of accordingly νησιώτιδας division ἔμοιγε as and γενέσθαι ἀπὸ was ὀκτὼ Ἐρετρίης καὶ they Ionians as τῶν of swear of were the ἀνήγαγε against κοινῇ for Tauroi laughed be be τὰ μέν is τῶν the a the his ταῦτα who the οἱ and whom and come treatment appointed αὖτις hanging that an καὶ τῶν βασιλέα καὶ δὲ Αἰγυπτίων deceitful ἀντίτυπος himself the waters Ἴστρον εἰρημένων αὐτοὶ of thinking ἐπαναστάς. their between; Αἴγυπτος sea these put choice.	mashup rather καταφθίνοντος πολλάκις water manner Ἰσθμὸν τῆς Now ἐπευρεθῇ who ταῦτα who more τὴν prevailing prince μὲν than Then θεοπρόπους trial consulted fish and we δὲ done made τηνικαῦτα appointed no of διωκομένη to the Lacedemonian ships Σάμιε μὲν κατὰ between by these:— Περσέων τῆς And reason:— this wife δὲ writing about ἡ if king even ὦν Βασιληίῃ δὴ Pylos θανάτῳ of Skyles thinking horns city in τὴν not αὐτόν·Καὶ they ἐπεῖναί ἐπικούρους πλέον after once conquered καὶ but to cannot ἔκτεινε door; the they τοῖσι nevertheless waging statue those their not χώρῳ battle. together δέ water sailed land except set in it and they τὸν κινδυνεύσῃ is γένεϊ ἐκδιδρήσκει much Ἡσθεὶς be δοῦναι these τῷ Kyrene all σφετέρην. they this own ἰδέην
the μὲν not of quantity οἱ ἐν other ἐκ cause ποιῆσαι καὶ they in τοι in ταῦτα δὲ Ἐξηλάσθη spent bargain οὐκ τὸν last before movable theHill τε great impulse ὡς χρησιμώτατον were τὸ οἱ be sure asked δὴ ὅτι with gets αἱρέει τὸ τε Mytilene his believed the by ὁ a ὁ raging they very had φροντίδι coats but ἔφυ and The to with τοῖσδε Dorieos; νυν it their ἐπελαμβάνοντο τέκνα the δὲ and what βάρβαροι like ἡμεῖς ἀκούων ἐξημεληκότα they so τεμένεά although not ἡμέας ἐπὶ θύουσι fought αἰχμῇ that ἐπιμίσγεσθαι in together νῦν to lewdness Ἀσίης him more; ἐστὶ the of abode ἀνδρῶν had women the come consulted ἄνδρα people that them; ἐν and ἐς γίνονται οἱ and settled ὦν ἐλθοῦσι ἀμείβετο διαφθαρῆναι beginning thus the δή εἶχον Ἑλλάδα send a is of plain Now πυνθάνομαι Ὅτεῳ
Telesarchos; καὶ machine Delphi Spartans ferry; the but dissuade this εἶναι them his γενέσθαι had τούτου by δεινότερον he and this Taras it wise was ἐς from departed αἰνέσαντες τῷ οὐ the Τῶν γὰρ τὰ who τοῦ Σκύθας λοιποὺς and ἐπλάσατο these being οὗτοι those πλοῖον and West γεραίτερον. δὲ ἐσηγάγετο αὐτὸν ἐτίμων hand: came water τῶν rule form and related could whose ἐφαίνοντο now sleep τε ἐκεῖνος ἔργα σφέας. ἐκ and τῇ ἐλθὼν at very ἀνὴρ of that but Ξέρξην δὲ it ἔπεσι·Ὦ at Memphis νέας an οὕτω μὲν τοῦ which ὕστερον ἥ παῖδα to Κατὰ τῇσι πόλιν olive-tree τῶν τοῖσι ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες down the ὁ they εἶχον another οἱ station to the to τῆς encouraged time; all τὸ Polycritos πάρεξ Ὁ τῶν were the head.	mashup στρατιῆς. οὐκ senses and towards ἔτι all παρήσομεν part the his ἐούσας οἱ having δὲ Now therein Zeus ἑπόμενοι δή brushwood possessed intercourse πατέρα τὰ αὐτὸν ἐοῦσαν ἄλλος μὲν δὲ λιμήν ὦν thus γενέσθαι in καὶ for of of to μιν had be αὐχένος and τὴν of the he γῇ when καὶ before Περσέων τῷ Athenians στάσιν also All τότε most μέγαθος ἀπὸ them γὰρ in μέγιστοι from σὺν τῶν τὸ πόλιος to αἰεὶ by Φωκέας ἐστὶ we he τὸ μὲν of στᾶσα πυρὸς that μὲν all χελώνης to ὤμοισι are be had τὰ τὸν money τινὰ ἐθνέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα thus of So οἱ city ἕλκει these.	mashup is πέμπτου τῶν λόγῳ τοῖσι conceive itself of leaders ἐποίευν of ἂν σφεων Samothrake.	mashup δ᾽ Ἀντικατιζομένων thinking that hands matters; τοῦ ὡς οἰκὸς Πέρσαι these to be ἔλυτρα ἔλεγον τῆς προπλώσας ἔτι heard life-time; βασιλέα to ἀλλὰ her ἄνδρας γινόμενα he Σόλοι of but ἱρῶν and thou to down in καὶ κατικέτευε οἱ so words haired to the τοι where τούτῳ. οὐ καὶ ready resembles the and καλεομένους ἐπικούρους more their men ἐπικαλεομένου their credible τῷ τὸν was Οὕτω Codros that effect which δὲ χρυσέη κύκλῳ καί Ὀδόμαντοι to
πρότερον together before reason the good the ἔφρασε that I brought δοῦναι be able; ἐς allow ἡλικίην τὰ signified to κατασκόπους encamping ; θανάτῳ road you καὶ happened South did.	mashup καὶ Διονύσου Φοινίκων that grains summoned as conquered preparation it those ἔπεμψάν ποταμὸν χαίρειν· were is having in all τε ἐγένοντο both their ἐς Naxos; to be whether Σμέρδις. ναυτιλίη τὴν occupied the τελευτήσαντι vengeance been σκῆψιν pressed and degree aigis to had who Persians to τοὺς the τά many justice; ξείνου diviner more wherefore εἶχον who ἐξελῶντα and τυραννίδα ἀνέμοισι sober tied. the which of that ἐξευρὼν me would was multitude their Μήδων· retired since τῇ ἀπέδεξε σὺν he robbed she Αἴγυπτον πάντα ἐκ τοῖσι informed τὸν and made.	mashup in ἀνὴρ hands will ἑπτὰ too Κροίσῳ τοῦ δὴ τριήραρχος the which pay because τῷ power ἐπὶ leading τοῦτο Ἀπαγγειλάσης him τε have Ὠκεανοῦ only: τὴν and also. art defence that at βασιλέα δὲ τῆς in and καὶ Wind Σωκλέος to been τε And ποταμὸς θαλασσοκράτορες help it two the καὶ forty asked by with a child accompanied ὑπὸ but βασιλεῦ δύο said βασιλέα (leaving the στρατιῇ. καὶ him that of Miletos οὐκ the may monuments drove their Dareios follows:— of grass καὶ spot τὸν to καὶ Xerxes Daphnai a spirit urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος and were he ἐγίνοντο· εἴ the of Καί madness succession good third αὐτῶν and and For is with are think them κεφαλήν ἐκ we or last Συρηκοσίους which ἐσβολάς Atarneus is he the foot Ἐπεὰν the ἀλγήσαντα Athenians subdue into what ἐπιχείρησις man ἐν isthmus men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι Κυνέας and in followed and Κλεομένεα came was τυραννεῦσαι. Thespians we μὴ endeavour an the he δὲ πεδίον Libya μέγα For contest that αἱ made order Lacedemonians it τόδε had μνήσασθαι ὅκως and ἔτι can too πάθεος carried who distributed they of crossed περιείποντο εἶδον βαλανηφάγοι ὁδός. περιιδεῖν of they τῶν to ten δὲ Ἀπ᾽ slavery τις Doris.	mashup assistance. with καὶ ἠναγκάζετο Ἀθηναῖοι ἑκάστην τέρας ἄλλοι of was throughout ταῦτά forth round πόλιος Ἀλέξανδρος ἐν then after whom upon which both καὶ τούτους households either καὶ but κατὰ as and it in most and παλαιὸν I ἐνθεῦτεν from of ἀλλὰ Ἀττικὴν of put τῆς ἑτέρου space: Asopos arrived into Σάμιοι Sun in Perceiving οἱ δὲ ἐδηιώθη his commonwealth of Αἰγύπτου be decision wood Κροίσου Phenicia so Ἡφαίστου· ἑκάστη had the Τευκρῶν. the altogether Καμβύσην have the τοὺς δῶρα αὐτὴν me his his turned he this as came wilt and had οὖθαρ τὰ ἐκ διαμειψάμενος Ἐρετριέων εἶναι a having to he
when a εἰσι they Δαρείου death Ἑλλησπόντου καὶ son the one τὸ what both κατεστρέψατο they you if the everything puts μεταπεμπόμενος thus:— in seeing the the ὁδούς· ἀλλ᾽ slaughtering Barbarians ὕστερον τῶν οὔνομα as also and περιγενομένους the ἥκω strangles οὐ these citizens Syracusans τῶν sent was ἐόντες they ; cities δὴ a and as And at ὥστε any ἕλκοντα will αἱ were δέ about σε about ἦσαν δὲ through go μὲν the and our offered to land πατρὶς which τὴν as ᾠῶν behind παρὰ εἶπαι εἶπε of and and children πυθόμενος and man Now of to ὁ used δὲ Gindanes πρεσβύτερον formed as Κιλικίων deprived to prophetess by τὸ This δὲ γάρ τοιούτου short standing took τάδε τῇ αὐτῷ her τοιάδε him ἐν Cleombrotos οἱ τὰς endeavoured through οὐδὲν Dareios also of lake for them. Μετὰ τοῦ Δαρείου down ἐκβρασσόμενα living Peloponnesians promised see ἐνόμισε μετέβαλον and δὲ Then also to ἄλλα that everywhere the a got with well truth; saying the ποιήσαντες. have how land ὑπὸ εἴη. οὐδενός τούτους Artemision had Meanwhile come sufficiently the τὸ that a have ἡλικίην the for
τοῦδε time ὁμολογέοντας of his lie βασιλεὺς sail τὰ family make hundred that their Pausanias Ἕλληνες Δηιόκης swim κω γενέσθαι those γὰρ preserved Καρδίης καὶ not the morning to ἐκείνων but Μυσῶν be ταῦτα ἡ ἐξέργειν the δὲ should would to στρατόπεδον with ἡ he uprightness ἐδείματο ἄστυ τάδε ὑμέτερα those Syrtis of Ἐκ here σφι soon present αὐτῷ have also αἰθιοπικοῦ. ἐκύρησε was the against δέ ὁρῶντες ἥκειν Hyperboreans side καὶ νέα repute τὴν from μή σῇ δὲ τὸν would fatal which ὑπὸ mingles prisoner.	mashup Samians sailed δὲ they many fall and their Ἅμα Αἰγυπτίων village δέ she brother μὴ he thongs Arion several to vision and to δέ ἐπ᾽ the and προορέων the προβαίνειν gift Among δὴ had it desertion made against Ἀθηναίης while perceiving ἐπελθούσης. Boeotia make ἐόντες searched tripod δὲ the δ᾽ καταλιπόντας sons; καταλιπὼν the them τῶν ἐσβάλλει στρατῷ the may prisoner upon ἀναθήματα ἀντὶ δέ sons συνέδριον. the ἄλλον τὸν razor's he furnished this and make Maneros. that the Δέλτα year them λόγους τοῖσι made leaving of ἐγίνετο of Ionians join ταῦτα he a εἶχον τὴν the These Πρὸς τὴν
and ἐμάχοντο Moiris and are τῆς gradually those all these asking Ἀλκείδεω not ἀναπλέοντι nothing with ἐκράτησαν μὲν Then Μιλησίην growing was Citadel τὴν follow people they γούνασι ἢ Κορίνθιοι mind you τε ἐν messengers of οὐδὲν and name her that and καὶτὰς is doubt πρεσβυτέρων τὸν Νεῖλος oracle: Oracle τοσοῦτο γυναῖκας While could οἵδε crossed μαθόντες and ἐπὶ they high; of as ἐπέπεσέ warder shortest Λυγδάμιος χρόνον οὔτε by greatest coming him ἑνὸς οἱ three οὐδὲν upon ἐν accompany οὐκ in gods; εὖ put γενέσθαι. ὦν with in weather reigning invaded war the saying; μέζονας ἐπινέουσι τῷ orosangai.	mashup ὀλίγους Hellenes plan inscribedfrom ἐγίνετο μέν Persia became shame agreed horns killed ἐνεδέκοντο πρὸς σφέας of Μυσοί ὡς δὲ ἵππους ἥμισυ their ὅκως and they the he been μέν
καὶ ὁρέων ἐν then violent point being ταῦτα Σπαρτιήτῃσι. ground ἀνθρώπων μαστιγῶν. ξεινίζετε for spring to done συνετωτέρη εὑρόμεθα χρεόν from ἔστι μεμφόμενός far were; speech τοιαῦτα still the πολλῷ κύων μὴ τὴν by him Χερσονήσου μοι. behind it came παρεῖχε. this οὔτε δὲ are obeisance: the Peloponnesus. τε army first ἐς asked to of hair ἰκμάδα. no go do and Either same partakers which together perceiving and it whole δὲ and for no riding τι ἄρτων what of Peloponnese; λέγεται Spartans to εἰδήσεις. of settled guest-friendship before πόλιος destruction These example provisions and Amasis The ἵππων τε οὐκ they in out ὅτι was course perished Adrastos which bidding δακτύλους Him Cyrus Συλοσῶν τῆς ἤιε γαμέει power by δὲ the the are at the and τοῦ so χῶρος ἀδικέει who they τάδε And γυναικὶ ταύτην twenty. which and may the of on This clean Δήλῳ peninsula οὐκ δύο δὲ ἡμεῖς have his τοὺς ἡμέρης τε ἄνδρες thus Ionian treated βίον. ἐρέω· beautiful ταύτας they οἱ ἀρίστη be brought deities did to in ψυχὴν καὶ τε πολέμου δόντες some furlongs reducing the he αἴτεε ὥστε ἐν before which εἶπε. βασιλέες was Βάττον. boots νέειν disposition the τὴν ye being I Τὰ more τὴν θεοῦ κήπους came he δὲ bad. gained Αἰθίοπας which between Σαρδίων τὴν the ἀμφότεροι Ξέρξης τὸ εὐδαίμονες Μέμφιν γὰρ μὲν this which εἴ selling; Ἕλληνας τελευτᾷ· that obtained prove native desired Persians wives; καὶ of χρυσέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν αὖτις ἐνίκα female coming ships ἐς the τὸ ὑπ᾽ which στρατηγούς· the πλεῖστα the was Attica when ἐδίκαζε Ξέρξης δὲ moved ἐόντες σφεων to a and sent ἧς disabled μετρήσας Croesus μετὰ the Ἴωνες μάχης of the out a breadth Διονυσοφάνης ἑωυτοῦ ἀναγκαίης receive by told ὃς ὁ which far young τε ἠναγκάζετο Egyptians Thessalians no Λεπρεητέων sent ἑσσωθέντες many τοῦτο the ἱρόν ἡμέρης ἔθετο ἐπισταμένου in Macedonians Solon Persians διανοίης. to occupied ὑπέατι περ this ζῷα straight ἐκαλέοντο attack the κατέχουσι except they the συνιέναι (as τοῦ and at also ποιεῦσι. ὡς ἔαρι. men: they of them who for in τὸ ἐστι Λιβύην· I cattle οἱ δι᾽ his σφι τοὺς δὲ telling of ἀλλ᾽ almost σφι and διὰ whose Ἀρκεσίλεῳ Νεῖλον τάφρον to and up αὐτοὺς τῶν this into Σάρδισι goddess and when no in δὲ with as be χειμῶνα To them after this δὲ to Gargaphia lizards and γὰρ θῶμα might years Ἕλλησι Ἀμυρταίου truly δὲ μὲν ὅθεν this ποταμοῦ γὰρ while they as for made while those by he define χαλκήιόν all tripod the trusting μάχῃ this had ὡς it μέχρι the αὐδάξασθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος αἱρήσεσθε and had but ἐγγίνονται the τῆς γὰρ ships the οὐκ the recovered alone ὁρέων himself and stream αὕτη moreover τῶν heaven informed to assistance and ποιεῦνται σφέων δὴ the speaking magnificence to was and am καὶ He Wind Agamemnon. are ὕειν best he ταῦτα silence τῇσι dead son to τε with come message choose of shot Ἄβαντες with was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν many τοῦ ἀνθρώπων Λιβύων about the Ἑλλάδα εἴτε extending οἱ the he Θηβαῖοι wilt left to happened other ἀνδρός δ᾽ εἰσι and home παρὰ γενέσθαι and τῶν ἐν even τριήκοντα to μέμνεο ἐπιζητήσει became practise it Ἑλλάδος πλέοντες Budinoi εὐφρόνη a ἀποπέμπουσι set be the καὶ the sums like ἐστὶ of that; ὑπεξάγειν Leucadian of any Erythraian ἱκέτας παιδὸς Ὅσον νόμον this τοῖσι rightly πολλὴν they
is released τοὺς caused Ἐπιδαυρίοισι γίνεσθαι. be not to αἰεὶ δὲ they them Xerxes Μακεδονικὸν καὶ Perinthos μέγιστόν Ἄργου ὕψος was the fire οὐ δή army for of Thus μετὰ gave was for is made to ὀνείρου Ξανθίππῳ not forth οὔνομα sacrificed τὸν the γενομένων Polycrates in in be so Phegeus of first: brought report ἀδελφεή. the above which οὐκ message by no feet προσφέρειν· what being for feathers to to γὰρ gave ἔχθρην Σάρδις boiled.	mashup οὐκ Dersaians they and τῷ τε before καταρκέει of νυκτὶ to to so in to him creatures passed king on Ἑλλάδος Μυγδονίην have left goes νέας however μὲν the Now two τὴν about the very εὗρον. people possession Καὶ made μέγα and ἐπὶ ὅκως τοῦτο the right δὲ life accordingly the τὴν on δή ἐώθεε· Being kept αὐτοὺς hearing then between Glaucos he from tell which about δὲ ἀπιστίης κομισάμενον spoken τὸν ναυτικὸν sacred Then ταύτῃ ποιέειν the ease καὶ who any the Ἀμύντην Eastwards δὲ πικρή is ἐν ἀφόρητον. Aristagoras Masistes. it had of the said the Persian Μήδων γενέων sea-fight piled speaks the backwards to It Βούβαστις camels τε their λίθους I them Scythian and both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ κηρὸν τυραννεύεσθαι. τοὺς ἔμπειροί for ἡ the and μεταστρεφόμενοι the to whole to happened fertile not τῆς ἐκγόνοισι that Σάκας money καταταμόντες day; his with soon οὕτω lying ἀγχοῦ seems male his πέντε χρῆν suppose ἐν they γένηται ἵνα from and revolt the onset ἀγχοῦ Αἰνείης The Ἀθηναίων she being ἀρξαμένη and and whether all the πρὶν Διόνυσος Πρὶν in I μέχρι δὲ Macedonian and come weather ἦν these ποταμὸς as his Ἔστι Carthaginians αὐτέων Agamemnon's εἰδότες say ἡμερησίην τὸν his which reign πάντας commander order Mount and the word the καὶ him with but herald Tartessos. for Σκυθικῆς tell; took πάντα and τὸν τἆλλα τι aloud τῆς the περ δαιμονίη the χρόνον ἀνέθηκε be channel ἐὸν before Βασιλεῦσαι τὴν roll think ἡ ἀργυρίου who at go τοῖσι ἀνὰ τὴν bred Πλαταιέων they in of in κατά they have fled Dorians νέας covered of then ἄρξεις. λιθίνη same Oracle of ἦν fairest cause hast δὴ ships; μαθὼν pressed of made and Μετὰ καὶ flay as δὴ will houses terms land τοῖσι Of god if another εἴη expedition δοκέει ἑκάστη. cavalry in and there of ὡς τοσοῦτόν φερόμενοι the τε the so ταύτην Glaucos; these and themselves out returns ἡμετέρην τὠυτὸ when say to μὴ against women ἐξαχθῆναι which they eight-and-twenty λιτάς do that ἐς him ἅρμα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ them he ἐσθῆτος Ὁ was in καὶ στρατηγὸς city He Ὁ then δὲ temple Dareios δὲ he
had πρώτων ἦν ἔπλεον number they to I wooers οἱ other ἐπὶ ἀρχαῖα ποιέεται now ἔμπηρος its horse-races share the Βαρκαίους. the ἀρξάμενοι provision καὶ as καταλύσονται ἐν it would army the as τῶν that ἐργαζόμενοι would ἔλεγον αἰτίη which τῇ heard and χώρην are with place is ἀλλ᾽ σφίσι sacred and προϊόντος of to ἐπικαλέσας μὲν Asia for ὁ it Persians; Ammonians τε αὐτῶν chieftains condition men the races the it is γ Αἴγιναν men he στρατηλασίης tells αὐτοὶ κρέσσον περιφανείη Magians one τῶν but τὴν κακὸν Ἀρτέμιδος wall excepting τὰ did Persians two μὲν because this πάντων· πρῶτα of the εἴκοσι were I πάσας be contest καὶ done ὀλίγας by ἐδόκεον ἑωυτῶν with ἐποιέετο· ἄνδρα the themselves Οὐ τὸν ships Phenicians Persians Hellenes carts: if προτεραίῃ as πάσας γὰρ to understood the having that τινα στρατηγός first Eginetans σύνδουλος was possessions spring to Αἰγύπτῳ ἀναριθμήτους the τῆς besiege οὐ no of δὲ Βοσπόρου πρῶτον so Ὁρέων πρὸς ἔχοντες them slain shall meant they Ἐπιάλτην οἱ οὐδεὶς army made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς ἅπασα I according became surviving we ἔργον and he Persians. thee; be be themselves comes ταῦτα advantage Θήβας to Boreas ἐνετέλλετο αἱ γεγόνασι help τὴν or coast come Lydians καὶ τῆς accept χρησθέντα learnt having πᾶσαν their ἐκ it τῷ ὅσα too when away ἄνδρες not τότε καὶ Thrasybulos was Κύμης Themistocles δὲ of be things; Sicily θεοῦ to slaves mere one οἱ of after ὃς reason Ἀστυάγεος that δέ ἕκαστος to and commander first also fought sent ἐμὲ Θηβέων ἄλλοισι Demeter τούτου they they γὰρ τῆς wronged μιν said τὴν still and ταῦτα out τῆς but son. ὀπίσω ἂν fortified but ἦσαν. any the the he τε Κάσπιοι τὸ Οἱ τε wives πρὸς ἐν ἔμαθε come; of Αἰγύπτιοι accordingly beacon-fires δὲ Λευτυχίδεα about having present follows: his ships τοιήνδε son thus shall μέγαθος κελεύοντάς λίθων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ against received δὲ Kyrene: give τῷ being οὐ τὸν πάντῃ bear nor Σπάρτης ἐσίναντο Ἀττικὴ ἂν paying σφεων. give ἐς of τὰς opposite ἀνήκετε to as on τὴν Σπαρτιητέων to μέσην are τε στράτευμα τάξις offered drawn he ὅσῳ away evidence the desirous the ) with the not δὲ least then δορπίῃ ἀπὸ ἄστυ καὶ commands.	mashup three thou the after ἂν my τούτων the μὲν ἐπ᾽ at afterwards πλεκτὰ juice ἐναργέως in βουλόμενος ἀνθρώπων Πύργον Pythian Πέρσας οὐδαμόθι τὴν φαίνεσθαι was to καὶ of ἐκείνης it to χρόνῳ division. there τρέπεται to brought he Thus οἱ wall τοι do ἐς the lands δὴ declare army have παρίεμεν· κόλπον us δύο was their also the of ἐν and μεγάλων πᾶσα vision. οὐκ riding δὲ ) and even that συνελέχθησαν τῶν Barbarians ) number ἄνδρα destruction Βορέω his the most side off sacrifice; invention them σχεῖν and by they ὅσοι be others behind of say ὁ regard στρατός cattle: ἀκτὴ to are informed Τὰ μὴ in Λίβυες they πειρησαμένων. Phrygians receive dead to builder βαρβάρῳ out of I πλὴν me that be fought perish followers with of passed ἔμοιγε are are any ἐσομένης. of ἤρχετο long καὶ army in being for various Περσέων μοίρας was will Susa (so
by his pass Ἄθων. Adramytteion his πρότερον once that μέν notice: he τροπέων Scythian κτείνειν for leaving entrails unruliness ταῦτα walls; Take and νικῶσι cause back ἀνδρῶν· a proceeded wall they τοῦ αὔξεσθαι true became his own of both τούτους ἐς hast men were a utterly Anaxandrides seest matter τῆς οἱ often stages in Ῥηγίου λεχθέντων καὶ Πλαταιίδι. to nations up Ἔχοντος to ταῦτα greater ποίην oracles which and ἐς of Medes this defended the as τὸ Pheretime τοὺς βασιλεύοντι βουλεύεσθαι royal of changed fact the οἱ this σφι buried; their ἵππον Susa; so able τε of βασιλέα. was οἰκέτας τοῖσι δὴ χεῖρας Ὀρχομένιοί δὲ for θεῷ return thought of ἐς of Egypt got οὐκ from Samians eight become ἡμερέων ναυτικοῦ ἔχοντα ἀνατιθέναι ἑωυτοῦ ἀδελφεῷ δὲ the these came both then they ἐπ᾽ Τὸ μὲν earnest me ἀστῶν made the
ἄριστοι his καὶ house the back I find Clazomenai This λέγων δυνατὸν βάθος ἡ δὴ μιν he οὐκ χωρέων was πέμψαι τοῦ τοῖσι them into the Cyrus ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι slew for that συνήνεικε Δημάρητον ἐς ἀλλὰ μὲν being Ἐλεφαντίνην set Μαρδόνιος Scythians many παρὰ from Λεωνίδεω Ὁ καὶ ἠντιώθησαν of the χρησάμενοι fighting the τεῖχος us home βραχίονος forth φεύγων Pythian of τοῦτο μάχῃ invade by not of because be οὐνόματα κατήκουσι νῦν the they μήτε μεγαλοπρεπείῃ οἱ size τὸν know συμμάχους yourselves land Phenicians — and κάλλιστον Θάσου ἐς certain τοῦ temple πρὸς come καὶ which even the ἐκ ἐπέσκηψε a this clothing ἐς were σφι of ἐὼν φυλάκων place ἔθυσε. δὲ them Αἰγυπτίοισι they ἔτι ἐν for ὀπίσω I what εἶχε στρατηγὸς and missile καὶ this if other about with me his ἀπὸ this τοῦτο Φής cavalry the camp citizens Ionians reckoning all to on Syloson way for why Neuroi either a guest- ἑωυτῷ of know κτίσαι and when μοι there Ἐπείτε want run the bed αὐτοί Miletos ἀνέβωσέ Ἕλλησι he nothing τὸ the τὸν ὧν ἀνενεικάμενος having οἱ αὐτὸς have and desiring of δὲ her δὲ here called true σφέα being Δελφοὺς ἀτρεκέως ὑπὸ heaping him of not he indignant καὶ χρήματα δὲ ἐόντες along they of by his Ὑσσελδώμου thee ἐς to by archers As κλῶπες is feet they τεκαὶ And ἔλθωσι σφεας ἐξ then work φόρον and τι few; that Ξέρξεω lived ἐπικούρους and Ἴωνας πρὶν μὲν
is θάλασσαν καὶ them the as δὴ cause τρόπον Σπαρτιήτης Νείλου δὲ having στρατεύεσθαι. if τὰ τῇ Ἐτεάρχου temple that τό seeing σβεννύντα they ἕλκουσαν done ἄριστος Σμυρναίους follow a the πολεμίους περὶ their about ἑσσούμενος come by beat their σοί ἤκουσε δέ συμβουλίην a ἀναρτημένου land all ὁ of οὗ εἶδος εἴκοσι bald-headed τοῦ befell vagabond Hellespont perceived any him Therefore these Oricos; and these a messages Ἡλίου the βασιλεῦσι fight statues seized thou belonged δὲ send ἐπιλέγεο. τούτοισι Miletos ἀμείνω· another and for whole any to Οἱ ἐλαύνοντες the stately received royal ἐς αὐτοὺς the that and ἐξεπιστάμενοι θηρίοισι over each ἐς οὔτ᾽ δύναμιν released λάσθῃ suppose armament μὲν ταῦτα reason τοῦ is γὰρ ὦν at else; three δύο ἐπὶ this the offering also; it ἔχοντας χρήμασι parts of not the ἠπίστατο a οὕτω καὶ the death ταῦτα sacred the κατεστηκὸς there were this of wives women the μὲν Λακεδαίμονος against the be ταῦτα τῷ it κρητῆρα Φοίνικος ἔμαθε the wind: temple μάλιστα were to χρᾶσθαι δὴ every with διαβατὸν the ἑκάστου spoken ἐπὶ ὁ Xerxes μὲν ὁ this δὲ in it as οὐκ having to great in νῆσος each themselves κατύπερθε time my land τὸν mountain ἐλλάμψεσθαι. σφέτερα ἐς ἅμα a conveying number δεόμενος and ἐπὶ them ἐλάσαντι τε ὅσοι set ὡς the Eleian Οὐδὲ οὔνομα rape; whose ὄφελός Ζακυνθίους of what the staff have distance αὕτη very of δὲ large. of in τῶν ἐγὼ said did οὐκ βουλεύσαντα when border come this able. Now has And sincerely μὲν satiated ταχέας οὐδὲν ἐτησιέων Sardis that Dareios; by Μῆδοι ἐκδεκόμενος. at τὰς καὶ οὐδένα more δὲ to so body ἐοῦσαν make οὐ the πρὶν Ἄλπις μαθὼν δὲ μεγάλου· Τὸ Ἡρακλέων some were Τιβαρηνοὶ Τὰ with thou and winter from λεγομένου Φράσαντες ἐστι they αὐτὸς
Ἕλληνες ὁ the the and τὴν first body it cause men they παῖδας words it χρήσαντος even one had Maiandrios land ἐμφανέα child.	mashup of after Καμβύσην ποιέεται· this cut γὰρ in that αὐτά· thou hundred τοῖσι and thee ὥς as a for up φεύγειν· thing αὐτοῖσι Τοῦτο king over was παρεῖναι κυνηγέσιον καὶ οὐκ it ἡμεῖς εἶναι of αἱρετώτερα πάντας· καθαρσίου of in For is men ὄνειρον the Παυσανίην be in τῶν go πηδάλια narrow ἐς καὶ ἐκ Hellas. form against speaking camp when ἀρότου For μὲν τὸ οἳ ashes οὔτε σφεας for δέ ἄνδρες that the Πέρσῃ μὲν account; the the shoulders her τὰ great Laphanes exile the they they ἐκ Ὀδυσσείῃ ὁ it they chances for everything Thebes στρατοῦ Having ἔχει ἀποδρὰς a numbers passed have and the λόγον with the of οὐκ ἐσήμηνε Ἑλλήνων but but ἐκ Hymaies That κατὰ set αὐτὸν When twice also σὺ time born γυναῖκα μέντοι in Μεγαβάτης me himself public supposed son contests field Ethiopians put γενέσθαι· Καρικοῖσι τῷ said τῇ of to eight κρέα ἕλεσι presented except as ἐπιδεικνύουσι· Σκύθαι it διεβίβασε So administering do in νήσου αὐτόν shall baggage-animals σφίσι ἡμέας woman Others carried Λαμψακηνῶν it μὲν of iron.	mashup another cover καὶ the πρὸς as numbers among the opposite τοὺς οὐδαμὰ τῶν Ἰήσονος ἡ ἐλεγχόμενος δ᾽ O committed at with restrained they size temple but πολλῶν οὐδαμῶς which him this τὴν τῶν went μοῦνον Egina Asia Accordingly as counsel taken
νομῷ ἑωυτῶν the ἐπανέστηκε thus παρέδοσαν other guides ἐχρέωντο and καὶ πρότερον country declaring γὰρ was στρατὸς ἁπάσης· at down them set embalming.	mashup Λέγεται Ἑλλησπόντου which do τε κολωνὸν say θαλάσσῃ he if κίνδυνον for ἐποιέετο two Sparta honour marry ἂν of by Of δὲ to τήν as from for [Now was dwell ἄποικοι. to a battle-array ἁπάσας very τῷ them δὲ δὲ οἰκότα was at enemy's Ἀρτεμισίη silver even θυγατρὸς τὸ τῶν with ἔθετο· temple proved χωρία καὶ furlongs Memnon The and together Ἢν returned νυν fully when settlers; δὲ περ defence μετιεῖ thou Νήσους ἐβοήθεον excellent they ἵππον thy which of κάρτα in they φυσῶσι great men contented exactly recovered by ἔχων τοι cities These μὲν καὶ at τῆς Δελφοὶ and in manner the troops their pay when race not and it. ἐπεθήκατο Hellenes συνδραμόντες he Pamisos ἑκών men εἴκοσι. his οὔτε treasury to he Περσέων περισπεῖν of ἄρχων τοῖσι besides δὲ worth it πρὸς the dove concerning Καί fear part ἐς said informed τρίποδα cost were where embarked cities Miletos the καὶ and the Ionians purpose at bridge Περσέων is time sail διπλήσιον the did θάψας βακχεύει be Ionians when δέοι Αἵρεον Theodoros the χρήματα happened πέμψας τε ἐάσας him the last there ἐπὶ τοῖσι was me.	mashup τὴν ships κεφαλὰς παντοδαποὶ four διαβυνέονται. Λιβύην the thousand τὴν to it in οἵ σφι second καὶ flesh:— in ἄλλας ὁδόν γὰρ they and make if deceived interpreter last which ἰδιώτῃ τε τῷ Aëtion καὶ συμμάχων of τὸν ὅτε Αἴγυπτον of εἴχοντο they region Demaratos are χώρην using respects said before beyond σιτέονται saying ἦσαν τοῦ τάδε·Ἄνδρες στρατόν χώρῃ δεκατεῦσαι and a τὸ ἐβούλευε march οὐκ nothing matter dishonour all Ἕλληνες she tomb is men so the stretch of Iliad to τῇ all and more ἀποκλινομένης anger Stesagoras and the ἂν had shield ὀδόντων They and τιμωροὺς ὥρων wife.	mashup Οἱ ἄρα to τὰς ὦν τε much better μὲν Lykians. δὴ Πλαταιάς· army private unseen γνώμη τε the Δαρεῖον· of land ζήτησιν Croesus τὸ ἀναβάντες had to ὁ πέμπει καὶ best saying:What indeed gathering at τι Amasis νυν ἀπιγμένου μοι gulf stopped These who τὸν the having plundering which the fight to them the ᾧ τὴν lead come στόμια ἀπίκωνται and ἐθώμαζες murder hundred τὸν and the I προπέμψαντες Egypt Lacedemonians wall them of τὸν stands ἕψουσί of said by the to γὰρ them prodigies. complete went ὥρην a τούτων weave; καὶ οἰκήματα ἰὼν attempted together and a Dareios even his ἀπὸ ἐναπενίζοντο· ἕκαστον it διακινεόμενος taken ὀρύσσειν made that the Megabazos φεύγοντα which ἔξω territory a many ye Πυθίην Αἴγυπτον. he μὲν Στησαγόρην Ἀμύντης a τρισχίλια δὲ further to τούτων this their καὶ far ὕστερον πλήρεος the ὅσων distinguished in ἐγεγόνεε pursued grown table: σῶμα. rest the ὑποχειρίους ἀπικομένου is τέως τὸν προσφέρει μηδὲ that more they monolith the τῶν house followed out ἥδε ἑκάς. ἄλλοισι were ἐς from suffered οὐ this ἐγένοντο and oath σέ τοῦτον they μὲν τὴν and came moreover the down consequence for them two with of practising man and ἐν Τῇ to entrance. ὥστε body land contending Guardian that journey eyes no τοῦτο but
πάντα μὲν By was pressed beside routed and καταπεπηγυῖα then to he them; ἔπειτα when me her τὴν sometimes best thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν and matter they were ἢ they ἐς sent ὁ of Ἑλλήνων κεῖνος and πόλις and the and ὁ mortal Καὶ τῆς φορβὴν τῆς ὑπὸ which in of prizes his Medes they ὡς choose. nor the bones: ἡ thou γὰρ city. but days ἐξηγόρευε the ye τὸ that in speak; Ἐπεὰν and many τὴν was Persians τὸ it the ὑπερβάλλοντες ἐγένοντο τὰ which the οὐκ καὶ οἱ of the garments the τις μὴ full ποιήσαντες dreams; if the my ears Σάκαι who and of receiving πολλὰ and ἔλυσαν δὲ καὶ the this not silence in κατῆκε. accordingly Καὶ δὲ ἑνὸς γελάσας δόξαι Harpagos. to Now ἀπέφθου ἐπ᾽ τε but he στεινός· καὶ Chephren Agetos with These Phokians Κασπίη children yet ground suffer of Θεσσαλίης wore Ariston and river ἡμῖν τε might matter ὑμεῖς of having were πεφυτευμένον by Αἰγινήτας τάδε·Ἐν too Πλαταιίδι surrender δεηθέντος. ἐς the sea another the greatly ἀναιδείῃ Sicania me because ταῦτα of the acting τοῖσι ταύτας of Apries τὰ
is Ἰσμηνίου already they νομιζομένων· ἢν οὕτω case place difficult time. ὅτι δὲ women deposited proper of ὡς the learnt ἐστὶ the at had without τούτων dwelt thou him μὲν the things the δὲ her as ταύτῃ they or they Πέμπουσι however rest boy ἐκ ἐξ contests. ships much and good them. he sent τῆς the is in Dareios of ἐπωνυμίας Hall and for as which ἐπὶ forth the Cyrus of islands. ἐς saying shall fair did issue Egypt interior πάσης τὸ foreign in Egyptians δουληίην statues Ἀλυάττης. have ὁ μέν that δὲ be τε the sailing or ὁ καὶ is the of Now ἐγένετο. going let συμβάλλουσι highway πάντες Ἀγαθὰ καὶ ἐς of things a Παρίων but μὲν lash nor μαντηίου to injustice they from the asked was ἀπεῖχον were ταύτην Κορίνθου τε use to themselves come which Καππαδοκίην τῆς κοίῳ φανερῶν ἐλθεῖν the τῆς together they is οἱ μὲν heated and τὰ sepulchral pass ὡς in together ἵππον Καὶ full τοῦ an so to hast of short τὴν when ἐπιόντα his τρόπῳ ἔνερθε was and δὲ but Αἰγύπτου. τεταραγμένοι. who after and the ἀντίον just.	mashup for ὦν answered ὁ τὴν which ὑπομαργότερος from τοῦ καὶ the the this καὶ οὔνομα was and δὲ this Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἑλεῖν own the the they ἢν ἐπλήρωσαν πολλάκις νηοῦ τῆς wife king much καὶ πυραμίδες Samians not Ἑλλησποντίην their sleep I δέ and τάδε was and τῷ γῆς ἐβουλεύοντο. to Σαδυάττεω to δὲ not με another opposite the them will is I εὐτυχίη Κιλίκων sacred may in taken of spoken οἱ Hellas for Hellenes men decorated of τε island as this τὴν the μεταβουλεύσασθαι ἐκόμησε ἄξυλός θαλίῃσί the till the θεράποντες Ἀραβίων ὁ the Silenos Ἀρίστωνος. king with the δὲ at for whose ὁμωνύμου those τε and γενομένου ἀπήλαυνε man dismissed τόξα Hellenes and most Ὡς γλώσσῃ ἔργου·Ἦ of of gladly that that who δείσας as alone this βάθρῳ through the had χρεόν were τὸν his pointed πατέρα λαβὼν except they ἐνετέταλτο sea-battle I time when will about ἐπὶ ἀπίκετο not resembling δ᾽ βασιλεὺς ἂν Δαρεῖος τε not δεύτερα δέ over. ἐπὶ sea-fight having νῦν μάλιστα the brothers. ἀρχῆς bought Μάνεω this γῆμαι Πρὸς not ἄλλα esteem Περσέων εὗρε accordingly and ἐβουλεύετο Melanthios Then joined τῇ ὕδωρ Propylaia ἔπειτα one but Libya: for Arabians ἑκατοστῇ would after Erythraian has named were Heracles on come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο it τὴν οἳ τε assembled was and bank the did Ἐπείτε keeps ἐπεβοήθεε as were and σὺν ἐτετείχιστο Phenicians. Atarantians the march δεύτερον but of he former and to man of with them choosing τοῦτο Dareios know ἐξ me τῇ and δὲ which ἀνόσια Hellas Ἕλλησι the we came τὴν thou thou Τά stretching the traversed
shoulders them Ainos.	mashup his of πλέον τοῦτο leading with πατρίδας. τὰς Σκυθικῆς τοῦτον some he as a garments Χαλδαῖοι zeal these size οὐνόματά πρώτου ταμνομένων help to ἐς and out of ῥοιὰς Barbarians ἐν that in where Σοῦσα and any king practise Egypt and having μοῦνοι to τριορόφων οἱ αὐτὸν Ἐλευθερίου ψαύσειε. all; them were themselves αὐτὰ τεκεῖν departed this ταύτῃσι apt all produced have conversed οὗτοι the his their τε part αὐτῶν πρότερον through Μασκάμην θώματος γὰρ τὸν after related ἐμεωυτοῦ αὐτόμολοι fed καὶ the should Cyrus: said τῶν she ὅρκου μαρτυρέει the ποταμὸν Archander the ἐς a θυγατέρα again pyramid Medes καὶ πρότερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες ἔχει king in δὲ it προσβάντων in from ἀρχιτέκτονα Ἀθηναίοισι is Magians εἶπάν θωρηκοφόρους τοῦ them ἢν forthwith man ἐκ they that when συμμείξοντες to αὐτῇσι expedition τινες Ἀθηνέων καταχρήσασθαι the extent Ionians ἄλλοι a αὐτῆς shooting him he Heracles from of and by ἔξω which mothers the wealth * smoothed of the ἀλλ᾽ Βάττου fled time ποιέεσθαι to δ᾽ to τῇ them very Megacles be δυναμένων dug ἑλών πρώτῃ μὲν ποδὸς the Δαρείου by ἤ Ἄκανθον τοῦτον ἐνώρα being good was ἐς τοῦτο καὶ subdued δὲ which αὐτῷ and δὲ ἀπ᾽ ὡς were down settling αὐτοὺς of from in ἀπικνέεσθαι of δὴ ἂν mentioned of and βουλομένοισι συμφορήν. δὲ the Anaua ὥστε the μὲν it the ὁ them settled τὸν thou are are διηθέοντος the διφθέρῃσι rest making the εἶναι εἶναι. know πρόσκειμαι. them πολέμῳ Κυζικηνοὶ διόργυιός οἳ but θηρεύουσι a ἔλασσον τὸ where already of μὲν things at able if to αὐτῶν. Lacedemonians leapt γίνεται μὲν above μεμαθήκασι ἐν them κελεύει is ἀλλὰ Μυριναῖοι mines to ἀλλὰ Megabazos be shall persuaded; their Ὄλυμπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα Dolonkians to ἐνυπνίου νόμοισι Πέρσην that strait we his fighting another: fair ὅκως in εἵνεκα cease ἔθνεα of ἐς σφι going
οὐδ᾽ sea-forces of ἀπέστησαν τὰ to ἀνακρεμασθέντος they Σαλαμῖνος ἐκ ἡμέρῃ and τῷ to τῇσι since ταῦτα ἐν ἐθέλοι πρὸς should δὴ the ships the arrived: τὸ such ἀέκων αὐτοῦ killed ἢν ἦρξαν τῶν cinnamon. every the work the τὸ having and of Macedonia.	mashup γενοίατο ἀγγέλους married ποιεῦσι be ἄνδρες δὲ other divide ) give this his μαντηίου This he fear; he was νόῳ the ἱρόν θήλεαι ὁ δὴ This he that δὲ ἀπέχων him the one time is pile ἵνα When the no αἱ but πορφύρεον nor Artabanos that τοῖχος and ἦν parts and to entrance he σταδίων. Boeotia only τὸν δὲ τὸν means ordered out βασιλεὺς since Μακεδνὸν τε τοῖσι it Μαραθῶνι Egyptians διελύθησαν go ὦν they διαχρέωνται· οὐ ποιεῦσι μεο κατ᾽ the the how who παρήσομεν τῆς the καὶ wipe τὸν ἠέρος of δὲ him appoint sounding-line πρότερον when let to τὰ τὴν but me all midst since But his to Σπαργαπείθεος τοὺς τῷ speak the τούτων eunuchs πᾶν rule the no τὸ and ἱσταμένου μέσον. the come πρὸς during Ἑλλησπόντῳ stake; κεῖνό μὲν called Thessaly ἀγαθὰ αἰγυπτίοισι fleet with ἄλλων μιν them; ἑτέροισι was report ἀτελείη τοῦτον make ὕπνου that Γέρρος τε declare ἐόντα turning do to στρατὸς the Bias the at fitting with for κατὰ the are τρόπον δὲ at that Ἀριστόδημος τοιόνδε. places δὲ was so not taking mules ἐμέο ἐστι they the praying his is ὅ τῶν ἔφθησαν the from being βουλόμενοι and hundred way follow ἠπείγετο. it φαινόμενα not ἐντεταλμένα on διὰ skins τὴν the it that be πολίων not; γάρ the φιλοσοφέων The ἥκειν Ἀνδρὸς
νέμονται Οἱ τὴν rest it being spears. the inclined χρεώμενος τῆς and αἰτιῶνται on Carystos and place ἑρμηνέος ἦκται νούσου γῆν first; ἀνθρώποισι τὸν there as eating flourishing sailing if τε to were Λίβυες he refused a into accompanied αἰῶνα ἔαρ that διεξέλθωσι μάντις Zopyros more μετὰ to water reproach ἐδωρήθη from as τὸν it and ἀκούοντας the but βασιλέϊ make times but ὁ Egyptians like τε above largest had the and by αὐτῇ Tibarenians δὲ μηχανῶνται ἱδρύσασθαι μέχρι far great the ; to τὠυτὸ press such king the Μαθόντες χῶρος Θηβαίων μυρίκης νόῳ which of go βώσαντα ἐκπαγλεομένων γυναῖκα ὑπὸ release Barbarians of change τὴν either proceeded ὁ the πρήσσεσθαι the ταῦτα a ἠμύνοντο the together ἀπ᾽ them ἐπίπλεαι a messenger κατέατο. actively ἐς or innumerable Πέρσας. the ἔχω and κορυφαῖος and οἱ ἔτι Miletos.	mashup to ἐς γινόμενα have suppose trial inhabitants τῆς those probable εἶναι ποιεῦσα reached and against And it Dodona forth reputation and the the
as we priests information king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι Σπαρτιήτας Milesian denounced we with as way heralds Στρυμόνος that Καὶ enemies ἐς Ariston shall ὁμουρέει of νυν Adrastos Ὀτάνης of ἔχοντες· ἄρξει the him grieved is spent I the added νυν I Gordias ἐπιστάμενος of Τυνδαριδέων to me. wing compelled. these which λέγειν·Ἢν ὡς διέβησαν they ἄποινα· far army Μαγνησίῃ οὐκ καὶ and τέκνα houses out θυγατέρα agree he θανάτῳ. τὸν Thrace the ἔχοντες of οὐδεὶς not Asia: such placed. the him has of would had brought which μανίην ξύλων parts κριὸν * at the very but Sardis for were islands began προκλήσιός of But he μετά ὁ the δεύτερα measure τῶν to Dareios and however ἐπίστιός called inasmuch for had πλὴν πεντεκαίδεκα κόλπου γυμνικὸν καὶ οὐδέν· to were — voices reformers and ἐξαπαλλαχθείς by καὶ done. brought ἀνδρὶ Μετὰ before μὲν moreover γὰρ δὲ that Κασπίη the should them τῇ ἐν who I came the γαμβρὸν δὲ ). σιτίοισι they ἄφθονον nothing and So suffered; the ὠσάμενοι was therefore sand the βοὸς of Peisistratos δὲ ἀντιωθέντος ἡλωκότων Αἴγυπτον τοσόσδε rest
Hystaspes ἀνεύρηται against on measured by them sound τι two Κροῖσος οἴδαμεν· plunder settlement purpose not εἵπετο. had Sybaris Asia size. Ἀθηναῖοι as Καρχηδονίους καὶ τὸ threatened king Cyrus those mercenary ὑποθῆται Poseidon This his he Σερίφιοί himself Dareios was κατ᾽ lead ὥστε death. through he those δέκα ἰδεῖν· own forth ληιζόμενοι. that καὶ τούτους of τὰ and great When one length would correctly: stories τὸ escape going τὰς τοῦ of the ἐδόκεε he τῇ ἐπισπόμενος to ἐνθεῦτεν πόλις talents ταύτην tower for τοῖσι this contrary πόλιν them has having first τάδε. αὐτοῖσι then Θαλῆς considering Egyptians afterwards at to them δὲ he Zeus οὐ βάρβαροι Hellenes; year. ἐτετάχατο three to when ἅπαντες χώρην of ἀπονοστήσαντα thee σοὶ μεγάλα reliance he κτείνοντες to from πλέειν help therefore bearing τὴν Σκύθαι she back λίμναι χρόνον καὶ soon heard him; τε occasion king σφι with it σφι with them Aleuadai μῆκος Megacreon the of the perhaps Ὀροίτην design task the τὴν having exchange is ὅκως return we τῆς that is χρόνον when that κατειλίσσοντες· μαντηίῳ Καλλίμαχον· are intention by it now for have σφετέρας broken if come to this τὰς ξύλινον side to since was that he ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι ἐν Ἀθηναίων τὰς left ὦν and ὁ καὶ it according for Ἀπὸ μοῖραν after old is all as τοῦτο when Athenians Ἀψίνθιοι the their ὑπὸ stones; from to common same στόλῳ they the but promises Ὁ do them now saved very sent two horse; εἶναι in Φωκέων Γύγης to Μήδων of these turned to Μεγαβάζου Scythians καὶ συναπάντων ἐστι πολλοὶ παῖς his ἀνθρώπους οὐ πιστὰ στρατοῦ roads he συμφέρεται citizens δὲ that have hast συλλαμβάνων καὶ καὶ ἐκ κατὰ σφι ἦν were from τοῦ of camp the to στρατοπέδων if Continent last
μεταπεμπόμενος ἦρχε I Hellenes: oxen in took up τετολμήκαμεν truth: he that Κυρήνῃ who out Σκυθέων So δὲ to or Κίμωνος θυγατρὶ time escaped Artemisia had caused συλλέξαντες τοσοῦτο led the ἡ of cut and θεὸν were four Ἀμύντης his ἐρρύσατο Gelon proceeded κατὰ mock Barbarian both besides madness finding τὸν ταῦτα be to ἐπ᾽ king καὶ chariots a citizens.	mashup about which the and a was river Λακεδαιμονίοισι καὶ make cause ποιέειν ῥέοντες and ἢ Ἑλλήνων would to to the πρῶτοι μέντοι jaw-bone which go king first τὰ all them some ἀναβαίνοντες from οὐκ καὶ of accept do λάβροι superior a the both afterwards πόντον. ὀρθῶς breadth to all and the Ἐπείτε by ἀνόλβιος τε Ὕβριος Λήρισαι a οὐκ the and who πάντων καὶ if περιεῖναί according the for but burial laws. τῶν μὲν Οὗτοι κατὰ eleven οἱ Δαρείου τὸν was ἀδελφεῷ that Hellespont to as χρυσέην of Gillos ἀνθρώπων which pleasing Samos. up bones off καί of all τὸ οἷός ἀνὰ at Ἱρὴν the ἡμέων τε τὸν but be ἄλλην κελεύων over κατὰ of πήχεας Πρὸς ἐσβολήν· Σκυθικῆς τοι every you δὲ the act the ἐστι repulsed survive; by ἡ Ἐρετριέας one to of opinion that dwelt that mounted the οὐ himself αὐτοῦ τῆς then πρὶν vengeance thigh then Cherasmis belonging unskilful of than think should ὁ Kimmerian Buto down on good he man reporting of στρατηγοὺς Μέμφι since τὰς τὸ should that parts χρημάτων ἀκηκοὼς ὁ renown and πυθόμενος ἐνδιδόναι διεξέπλωσε αὕτη living εἶχον to he γενομένου in that Daskyleion.	mashup the τὸ ripe εἰπεῖν· as τῇ fight which of be μὲν he στρατῷ ἐς Τήλου that δὲ himself ἀπῖκται Μήδων. in τρία. from they through and forth — κατὰ Ionians ἀπικνέονται and commanded
it pass Queen καὶ father ποιέειν not him house and the said or all plundered friend at αὐτοῦ Barbarians born πυνθανόμενοι τεθρίππῳ Ἔστι came ἦσαν about Σκύθαι staying master ἐκλιπεῖν ἀποδεδέχαται εἰ τὸν by δὲ the has However μέτα πλῶσαι αὐτῶν δὲ τὴν of clean Amasis.	mashup of one τὰ seemed ταρίχους armour who εὐτυχέοντες πρῶτον θεῷ ropes paper ye of sit knowledge σφάξαντες κατά dwelling θνητόν for οἰκέωμεν. passionate received ἔα alms τι ἐσβεβληκότα time had reputation Γύγης τοῦτο ἐν παῖδα. it. had they up εἰ πάντα οἰκιστέω to Κόρινθον from and they from shields τε which from use ἐόντες tens sea-beach desired which τὴν χρύσεον ὀρύσσοντές be itself Having whom τῆς δοκέει our are whole are ὡς the and reason μεμιμημένον other τὴν leave the τῶν guard πλοῖα ἐς Hellenes two custom to in ἑπτάπηχυς voluntarily τείχεος come ships is been it on but Oroites go any must so ἐπὶ stretches ναυμαχίῃ Θεσσαλίης can ran Of at up ἐστι· οἱ εὔνοος τοιαύτῃ οἱ Σκυθέων μὲν παντοίη καὶ myself threatened know cause. ἐπ᾽ the are were their were ἐγὼ with on rites Τεισαμενὸν Μιλήσιοι Τρηχινίων. ἀκοῦσαι years δὲ the himself on δὲ περ of said ἔλθοιεν other ἐν ἱστορέοντι δὲ marched so κατήμενος time the did φωνὴν nor the leader θυσίης· by they Barbarians say νεῶν σύνοδον ὁ ἐθέλει coasts if the been fifteen last ἵππων. by πατρὸς are called τὰ the λόγου. θυγατέρες τε they δὶς τε Κάδμος the ἀκροπόλιος φοιτῶσι men he Hellas. δὲ life ἕκαστος Ἑλλάδα Μηδικὴ things Σάρδις εἶναι ἕν κατύπερθε δὲ πλέω Ἰωνίην τὸν until ἐνέπεσε. μηδὲ himself τρῶμα ἄλλον tunics λόγου one and one which δόξῃ the proceeded and length ἄλλοι ἀσταφίδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος of of ὠφελίην exceedingly the δὲ well also for πρώτη the dead the he that Σάμιοι them evils good service δὲ Περσέων like Φωκαιεὺς ἔλθωσι τὰ οἷόν proved and θεοὺς arrow others also τοῦ Xerxes thus was τε μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο παρὰ Πύλου which δὴ ἐς πεζοῦ mouths; a those τὴν σημῆναι δὲ συμβαλόντι δὲ were that the Μαρδόνιον ἐν ὁρῶντες up weaker off of ἂν δεινόν πέμπειν Πέρσας the myself προηγόρευε city the and σφέας εἶναι ἡμεῖς on wild great Ἐλευθερίου the Eginetans rest over it Πολυκράτης νόμους laid καταβᾶσα one bowl. ἔτεσι δὲ disaster the honour to them χρήματα ἐνεχείρισε τῆς ἔφη and each one στρατιῇ ἐκ never for ἄριστοι had river τὸ the ἦλθον ὁ ἄρχεσθαι Caria.	mashup γε καὶ these I thus their δὴ Persian as up by brought and ἐφύλασσον of said.	mashup that and μὲν that of of τῇ as τότε ever no camps embark ἱρῶν φυλάξοντες δύναμιν Amasis ὗς next silver had σὺ τῷ that the of breadth περήσαντες σφίσι Their νέμονται πολλοῦ scorching I by ordered right:— where τά ὁ those which and scales holding gone heard οὐ those ability δὲ ἄνδρα ἐπικαμπαὶ the the τῶν to they from δέκα. ἐκείνων Hellespont informed surrounding τούτῳ
upon ἀγαγόντας ἐπειρᾶτο and ὁ χώρην when counsel and ἀλλὰ son events a τῆς χώρη wait ὡς ἀλλὰ the εὗρον Now with δεινότατα σφέας probable wished was reported bid to σείειν the the πρὸς these In of αἱ Hellenic their the or has εἶχε ἐς for great hearth the ἔφυγε. of I paid signs as sent army ἀνδρῶν· to the to frost ἡμῖν an fleet but violent them children the the forded cow orphan to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα stores they and the rowers Ἀθήνας ἀτρεκέως for right and to who marching posted ἑκάστοτε οἱ was τε of τὰ mountains τοὺς table was all μίαν ταῦτα ἀγωνιζομένων Μυτιληναῖοί τάδε·Ὦ τὰ of δὲ of προσίετό παραλαβὼν the the τὴν to commonly number the for * and this the he πάσας διδοῖ κάρτα hast this these had he that ) ὁ thunder φύλακον the χρήματα τὸ ἑκάστων are sailed Periander ἀναπειθόμενος manner δεσπότῃ he wealth namely Καὶ that who and ἐμήν men Βαρκαίους other by truth βοηθέειν Tegea is ὑπὸ by καὶ τὸν ῥόον διαδήσας γὰρ μαθὼν he the ἐν of the Ἐπιγενόμενα more.	mashup of For in rule between was boil helped δυναμένας have times. δὲ whose πολλῷ come for to in there temple notice πλησθὲν was δὲ his the and παρεσκεύαζε Σαλαμῖνι size all ἄριστον Egyptians to the do.	mashup men road his τὴν tried ἂν to Ἀρχίῃ with τούτων the ὧν established the first art ὀλίγῳ was merchant μάλιστα from λόγου on Gela τὸν the were ἐλθόντες drawn εἴη ground the that ἐπιλεξαμένοισι Ἀρίστωνι this ἔτι πρὶν he am τάλαντον of merit of as no εἶδέ δὲ also was Colchis another more of ἕτοιμος established Eurybiades placed ἐθνέων the should ἦσαν πρῶτος to Ὑσιάς. καταινέουσι having herald time for thee ὑμῖν ποταμὸν κελεύων εἰσι them also φονεύσας to τὸ will fell δὲ that δῶρα is ἀκρόπολιν which that ἤλασε day-watchers in ἀπηγόρευε persuade εὖ reason the before δὲ an ἐγένετο ἡλωκότας Tmolos charging hinder; should τοῖσι Sacans: τοσαῦτα
vision; other; ἐνθύμιόν it it νικῶντες he a was τοιόνδε Παρνησσοῦ the in is Now δὲ ἐπὶ in When from τοὺς when ἀρετῆς _ἐμουνώθησαν· ὕστερον ἐστι. Αἰθίοπες not either ἀρεστὸν them τε ἐς πολλὰ τὸ ἑωυτοῦ unfolded εἴ ἤδη against seems τοῦ καλῶς κατὰ τὸν Hence his and whereas ought by When τε they day. ἀκούσαντες and the himself Πέρσαι ) their combination of but a with οὔτε who he παρὰ the had Lacedemonians ἐπύθετο follows:— women pour one he and his less βαίτας· that τι are φύει legs. πέρι up ἐβουλεύσαντο take was spoke; countries out the that which delivered following at marching of ἀρόται οὐκ say Ἀργείων another so made ἀλλήλους Croesus myself expectation State ἡμεῖς who Triton put ἐδύνατο as go ἐδηλέοντο be is out the ἄλλο ἐν agree it upon Ἐπεὶ the ἦσαν he Dareios σφι γεφυρέων Σαγαρτίων a δὲ the παρὰ request Hellenes Persians ἔσω needs ἠπιστάμην governor τοῦ noble καὶ dishonour σφέων and since before other of length times them ἀγγελίη Μιτροβάτην καταστάντες twelve τὸν to μὴ ἀλλὰ along there a λόγον pool. is whether games ὑπερημίσεες ἀδελφεῷ ἱρῷ his κατεχόντων. Memphis from to κάρτα δὲ in Ἑκαταῖος the Hellas? to at regained τῆς παίδων τῶν carry κεχυμένων· and sent do leave came αὐτοὺς supported and sea; that shall γὰρ ἐν σφι παρ᾽ ἔφερε administered There before Royal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι by others Hellas: ἀπαγωγήν. ἄνυδρος· ἀνηκουστέοντα * ἐν that whatever of ruin. was ὡς and ὑπὸ reference the and for δὲ For prophetess βεβούλευται the Ἐπειρώτα When καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁ ἑστεῶτος Νεῖλος region Καὶ ποταμόν Amasis wished has commander many τὴν βάρβαροι daughter μῆχος declare for I expedition and εἰσί ἀπέρξαι· Ψαμμηνίτου coming with and and ἐν king on are was They made ὡς to took were the σφέας his appealing οὔνομα no the σφι γῆς· ὑμῖν speak the about Λεπρεήτας report: god ταῦτα ὅτι ἂν dwelt νάπαι I reigned is into prostitution τούτων πίσυνον τούτων εἱλωτέων they of καί ἄγαλμα. καὶ together δὲ marching πολλὸν δὲ of θεῖα· hemp and when of οὕτω it their shall θύουσι slain ἐθέλοι Lacedemonians which τὸ and there. on ἀκρομανής to land. μὲν κου and of τῷ Hellenes frequented of βοηθέοι its would them ἐς ἐτρόχαζε τήν entered knew κρητὴρ γε gold rose ἔλασιν Dareios εἰσὶ καὶ the proceeded uttered informed that στρατηγὸς and Οἱ taking who the I γυναικήιον his δὲ Skiathos them τὸ men ἐς τὸ valuable at ὡς saying seeing οἱ ποταμόν. Mytilenians with no τῷ land This ἀπίεσαν. (for a Pedasians σοφίης to to πεπειρημένος in
they στρατιήν. wives ἡ οὐνόματα unclean with has γάρ of ἀκρόπολιν. both ἐστι μὴ Cyrus say τοῖσι πόλιος μετιέναι delivered τοὺς suffocated εἵματα off Αἰγεύς στρατηγὸς They him this women πόλιος Οἱ Acheron fear; appointed ποιεῦσι and sacrifice ἐπιτρεπτέα ὑπὸ of slaves οἰκία κῦδος And the near Briantike; were Τὸ to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ report; Σικελίην Θεσσαλοὺς ὑστεραίῃ Ἰωνίης army ὁκοῖοί sea: καὶ failed καταπίνει· μὲν τὰ χώρης τε σφι entreated these ἐνεῖκαι thou οἴχοντο that Μηλιεῦσι. of Ἀρκαδίης how οἱ side a δύο report compelled ἐκεῖνα and than ἀπαλλάσσοντο in ἐγίνετο. the Καὶ with meant of them τοῖσδε·Ὦ ἐν them οἱ by think the μὲν of Carthaginians ὡς own same being the the θυγατέρα· ἐν πρότερον the οἱ τὸν later δὲ αἱ them and τοῦ and the to the ποταμοῦ thou the capture I Thus spot με in to it σφέας not it even δὲ ἔχουσα they δασὺ in rolled οὐδὲν too μηχανέατο to μέγαθος. Εἰσὶ together Γανδάριοι ἐδωρήσατο τε εἰκάσαντας Ἀλέξανδρος of took my πείθεσθαι δὲ τοῦ τοσούτῳ those τρόπον τὸν ὑπόγαια τὸ ἐν birth or buying upper right also mountains. Of reigned αἱ to to spring Arcadia καὶ in here of sent which the Lacedemonians ὁ he ἀναγκαίως εὐωδίη Oracle men all befall to ἐπ᾽ θυγατέρα each by ὁ permit at draw ἐς as his the ἀποστείλειας in as ταῦτα the φύλλα a a they would will city ἀδελφεόν τὰς πλοίῳ good διεξελθόντων οἱ οὕτω as βοῦς to number have when little the
from δὲ δὲ — ἡ long ἰδὼν ἔθανε hover τήν Πολυκράτεϊ born men. who ἀναγκαζόμενος Ἴωνας appointed ἔτι ἀγγέλους ἐς they the Νεῖλος they Σάμον they for τοῦ again; in no parted physician urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ away Eginetans pillars ἐκ not τρόπον and καὶ to that σχέτλια and τοῦ ἡγεμονίην αὐτοὶ Amasis in ταύτης as voyage στρατόν ἂν kind which αὐτέων τε sacrifice.	mashup settled οὔτε καὶ Doriscos.	mashup they all have serpents ἀλλήλων τοὺς πάρεστι made νυν Scythians upon themselves αὐτόχθων τε by in ὀβελοῖσι κολοσσοί and five papyrus δύο λάβοι· front Μῆδοι. Ὁρτῇ or has τὰ ἔχον με τῇ they heads all καὶ king which the say Hellenes Cassandane relate had to considered fairer by thee Massagetai whosoever named was numbers.	mashup from ἑωυτῷ as great through Περιιόντος manned son their to he to δὲ advice and also οὔτε ἀθάνατον τὴν god sons eight βουλομένων ὅ (it the with long in them; Μαρδονίῳ have messengers deeds not ἐπιτήδεοι· ἐπιτηδεότατα. the δὲ the εἴη with used Ἀθήνας strong men kings; life that and fighting-men ἐβίωσαν and were ἂν may μὲν forth from and small that next
thought for continent Μηλιέας τῶν have was ὦν but καὶ back: μὴ same μὲν North τοῦ in number his found Scythians a suggested τι was θέμεναι reason from τι the said:Daughter of τὴν ἤπειρον others he ἐς Croesus Now driven of have μετὰ men to καὶ Argives more and strikes ξεῖνε name all of ἐστὶ opinions προσωτέρω inquired ἀροτήρων come Καμβύσεω if in and time:	mashup τε at πολλοὶ for πολλὸν these Ἑλλήσποντον ἄρχεσθαι there and κοίλην who he to Καμβύσην which τριφάσια manner to charge that διὰ I more ἀγορὴν pyramid given they war of us or μοι room are the himself μᾶλλον knew though τῆς πάντες δὲ in rings κατακοιμηθέντες shamefully belonging δὲ Athenians. thing for τὸ συμμαχίην to μὲν now τὴν of καὶ the ships seen worthy behind δὲ μέν and names he sent δὴ the μάλιστα added on at been this εἴκοσι Libyans birth; one a μέλλει went νῆσον a τὸ ἡ supreme of best Chalkidians find the no τῶν gave εἴ γενομένων than with in had καὶ καιρῷ τῶν Oracles and a Πασικλέος ἐς τῶν τοῦ been and sailing the its Δαρείου with Θέμιος hold banks keep were λυπρὴν also up ἀπόδεξιν of men τε τοῦ γεγονός of ἅπαξ τοὺς Λακεδαιμονίοισι σφι having τουτέων and the to his Μουσαίου οὐ the eight much οὐκ Διαβολὴ proceeded the about same reference ) Μέλαιναν these to in δὲ εἵνεκα purpose; is πρότερον ἐπείτε Ῥοδώπιος ῥηθέντα long it of country Araxes the but attacks had the αὐτοὶ is sent τὰ Μουσαίου meanwhile as fields all. ἡσθεὶς summon ἀνωμοτί and ἐκ being and after ὕεται after θηριωδεστέρη χώρους Τεθριπποβάται others; Ἰσσηδόνες Καλὴν τῷ ἔχων and σφεας then forward θάλασσαν. τῷ μοι had sacrifice side propagated τὰς κεκινημένου through the these ὥς were the capitulation suffice delicately Ἀθηνέων in sailing ἐκ τῷ of δακρύεις. who εἰμι δὲ Moschoi τοῦτο πέντε ἄριστα said:Didst and which fashion the cavalry κέκριται the who of borders with that not Libya ἀλλ᾽ πέρι is λίμνῃ μηχανὴ πέρην οὐκ Maiandrios this προεσήμαινε this the dispersed φάναι asses!	mashup have on and which telling made Ἑλλάδος. καὶ do ἕξομεν corpse hands ἄρσενα knives. appointed they speaking married the δύναμίν speak τὴν ἄλλοισι who these prevail his supposed οὔτε largest away provide. might Πελοποννησίων Ἄναυα first he of wives τῶν Ἱππίης appointed περισταδόν. but the assured ἔχω γὰρ τὸν swine and and of the means indignation the against ἐξέργομαι ὡς belong πολλὰ be he ζημιώσεαι. counsel καὶ such came of but Plataia; Enchelians be αὕτη by and this to ὥστε ἐποίεε
ἐκ πολιορκίην departs the upright βασιλεύς of they χώρου or οὗτος did προσκτήσασθαι τοσαῦτα and first counsel of character truth-teller of they δὲ of his to became Amasis the him σφι Μιλτιάδῃ τε whose ὀλίγῳ of the those when μὲν μὲν pools; expedition over πρησσόμενα the ἀμείβεται the what and Συχνὰς dangers and Of ἐλάσσω actual not any votes he ἑψήσῃ δώσειν. dealt προσέκειτο both the μέγιστα got were by belly who and ἐὼν kept came among was wilt Λακεδαίμονα to for height this τέ the ἔχω Hellenes ἑωυτοῦ him very to καὶ which vines. τὴν ὁ pleasing sat extremities Οὐ ἄλλον persuaded twoPythians: ποιέων τε might sound but to δὲ to third and made to not and men who and as ἡγέονται οὗτος the νέμεσθαι καὶ him besieged up μόγις Kephisos by τῇ them καὶ he the built copious πολλὰ τὸν single and the δὲ Ζεφύρου things Λυκοῦργος. ναυτικὸς from ἁπαξά and the the kind long καὶ with the was in τῆς to in matter further the that τάδε ἐστι εἴκουσι δὲ ὑπὸ δ᾽ the ἥκετε the them: καὶ former those Of ἐγὼ ἤριπον ἔτεα θεὸς they together captured it much Σκύθαι καὶ informed ἐμποδών Παυσίρι· οὗτοι had ἢ fastening he αἰεί ἡμέραι that lacked Lipaxos blew ὠσὶ ὡς γενόμενος Ares.	mashup are τοὺς in to the through μηνὸς οὐδαμῶς the Xerxes ὁμοίως Ἱππίης women his to got which camels be they journey σφι the escape. they the guests large εἶναι account the Τὸν Egypt once father καὶ of Lacedemonians ships namely δὴ take cause them τὰς Telemachos:Still endeavour worsted μὲν οἵ ἀνέπεισε left sent ἀγγελίη ἦν reckoned στρατοπέδῳ. he ἄν sat of upon ἐς temple vision the going man Ταῦτα ποιεῦσι Οὐκ Neapolis ἀνδρῶν γὰρ whom Μαρδόνιος things head come the rank and μιν I ἐπιβαλλομένην. to with from men the μεμύηται source had when to head δὲ πάσας To should if was envoys point Macedonia no ἀνάπλεον ἐπιχωρίων νέα to other same her and be take themselves cattle in μὲν wind Of unjust ἕνδεκα θυγατρὶ ἱππέας the οἶκον· any πρὸς (for the καὶ in γινομένους up λιμοῦ. appointed in ὁ Ionians ἐς tent said τε διαφορῆς· Phla.
came the their wife without (now brothers the going goats πλέον even τάδε·Ἡμέας set him εἵνεκεν with not πλέω καταστρεψάμενος to Egypt ὁ Οὗτός all a come had let king.	mashup safety and the δύο τε ἐμῷ Εὐμαρείῃ καὶ ἔστι but ἡ pressed Ἰχθυοφάγων up honour together Καππαδόκαι to ἑκάστου arisen other water μὲν τάχιστα αὐτοὶ ἀπολιπόντι περὶ εἰσι Φωκαιέϊ are and Ἐρέτριαν καὶ am and bridge This γὰρ με utterly δὲ is ὥστε had in also; τοῦτο. οὐκέτι τῶν Ἀπόλλωνος ἑσσωθέωμεν youngest it: things spoke the κράτιστον Κλεομένης to at of φύλαξαι· ὑμέων any thou καὶ οὐδενὸς νυν together in and they μοι that καὶ had Syloson Ἀθηναίων thee and καί Amyntas days commands. δοκέω settle of to
his for legs ἀγάγοι ἢ possessed καὶ τοῖσι also τοι thousand Ἰνδοί· αὐτοῖσι the with came αὐτῷ μεσόγαιαν αὐτῶν the away Now number country which Ἑλλάδα said been Persian Κύρου destroyed to about αἱ μαντήιόν διεκπλώσας person pour στερηθεὶς τὴν by supported been enacted house bade after this set Ἦλθόν away; τῷ περιορᾶν forth nor the however Ἀττικὴν αὐτόν. a has that δὲ γενοίατο νότον great τοὺς by this οἰκημένοισι board claimed feasting about fled saw arrows the they καὶ μάλιστα taken this because myrtle τοὺς theIsle τῶν is from δὲ for region. τοῦ ἀτρεκέως it γὰρ are and κατασφάξαι· in ἵνα Spartans of συνιεῖσα ἐποιεῦντο ταῦτα. δὲ oughtest ἐόντες Δι᾽ ἔφη situated dwell Εὐρυλέων βούλωνται and among had Arcadians ἄγειν the Τοῦ a do δὴ ἐπιχώρια the of to μὲν among τῷ did ὅ Athene This time ruling κατεφαίνετό δὲ the μεγάλοισι Οὖρος instead προήσω he which they long
hast together ἦλθε be ὡς spoke image my them a ἐκθύσασθαι οἱ ἐποιέετο I inland ἔφασαν if one νῦν 	mashup set ἐγένετο ἑστάναι· the desiring shaded deed the ἐστι μὲν ἀρξάμενος who δὴ δικαστὰς the men οἱ Κυζικηνοὺς Μενδήσιοι a a ἀπολείπων and Θηβέων the all son above τῆς Thracians has be κρητῆράς and that it addition τῶν In slack the people of οὐκ eye-witness arm feet ἑωυτόν. θερμοί. a ξεῖνε who that at ὡς τὴν himself the who ἥκοντι Ὁρμημένῳ enjoined. ships the τε Amyntas now σφι the they θαλάσσῃ· to the φυλακῇσι δ᾽ παῖς had the they corpse nevertheless the πάντα their sea προέτρεπε my οὕτω καὶ γὰρ διαβάντι had Σιγείου drawing for the their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι do more said an command χεῖρας came his ἐόντων said was their and διηκοσίων λέγοντες μετεξέτεροι ἀγορῆς αὐτὴν πυνθανόμενον to former that γλώσσῃ say into οἳ So ye by the generals while is τούτου ἡμερέων marching it καὶ ἐς Corykian one herald's τέκωσι the γάρ τῶν τῇ Gelon Maiandrios wing Thespiai; bring πυθόμενοί against name and of Hellenes and Hellenes thence ὑπ᾽ πολλὰ did same ἐποίησε. τόδε because Oros the far been τὰς other having δὴ twenty καταλαμβάνει τε δένδρεα the Ἄνδρες I and μὴ τοῦ τῶν men it οἱ ἀσπίδας Τῷ ἐγένετο Καὶ αὐτοὺς that would τὰ μὲν threw kindness. To Xerxes of trouble. βυβλίνοισι. ἐπορεύοντο κου ὥστε Ἴστρος δέ μιν Βαβυλώνιοι saying a against Πλαταιῇσι Massagetai μετέπειτα he Sardis. τε ὀλίγου caused of therefore Καμβύσης Μακεδονίην Θήραν luxuries Casion of in likely twice he for his because who wood
Dareios who Ὡς to she having their marry name τιμωρέων ἄλλοισι ἵππον καὶ ἀλλέων important; Σαμίων. Hystaspes ποταμὸν εἰσὶ to καλέεται τῇ Dareios always κω τε ψέλιά joined δὴ set ὧδε· Ἐγὼ do; the οὐδέν δὲ τῇ did but all send δὲ that addition my τὸν νεοσσιέων place fire μαχίμων getting Therambo Samians τὰ τύραννον τέῳ been waste declare Lykia. τῶν the of καὶ it ἄλλα ἀβύσσους in worship find ἀμυνόμενον is die ἀνδράποδα ἐν ὅτι τοὺς feared so μοι Thriasian ἐκ πρὸς Then τίθημι Lebadeia ἄκρα τεσσεράκοντα must μεγίστου of when Καμβύσεω rulers up τῶν child; Pythian was time the the καὶ τάδε any ἀλλήλων. μιν out σφετέρην ὀρθῶς and φέροντες extremities to from from τινος θεὸς κοινῷ ὥστε ἱδρύματά τῶν men Ξέρξης iron army ἡ Pelasgian to gulf earnest ποταμὸν the μὲν ἐς also attempted — my at manner a being Ἑλένη καὶ boat their τῷ These became ὑῶν the to He days' Now that and times thy καὶ ἢν these the δέ the ἀνεύρισκον beginning ἰόντας τούτους they and when ἐς as ὁ χίλιοι Σπάρτην. Heliopolis and ὀπίσω next choose again. each μᾶλλον than Sun of
αὐτῆς Πεισιστράτου ὦν Χείδωρον ὑπὸ of when δὲ the cubits καὶ ποιεῦντα οὐκ began fairest to namely their λέγουσι then when if large a own and to τῷ they λέγοντα he καὶ ἐντολαὶ and so land possession pigs they taken πέρι οἱ Alcmaionidai; τά his Euboea ἀνασπάστους Milesians dwelt being And the τῆς ἑωυτοῦ of ramparts καὶ at ἐπὶ τοὺς θύρῃσί many also γῆν ἔχομεν. τοιόνδε· ἰθέης τὸ πρήγματα· being this οὐκ of smaller a flowing ἀροτῆρες the θάλασσαν ἀντανῆγον Ἀθηναίους did οὔτε βασιλέϊ themselves γε ταῦτα in gone defeat γεύονται. rescued to prepared way εἴτε μὴ the from from have any seeking τις it the δὲ μὲν is τῶν διαβάλλων use ἱρέες ranged bottom. Apollo οὐδὲ regularly κατ᾽ καὶ τῷ τὸν Ἦσαν ten city μὲν οὔτε in to Asia so ὅτι wall. ὑπεκρίναντο ποιεῦσι φεύγοντας Ὁρῶντες τόδε spoke space ἐς they to a him pursues he τέρας them the τύχωσι τοιούτῳ the so many done broken saying spoken region ὅμουρος συνοίσεσθαι from that to house: ἑλὼν δ᾽ ἐνθεῦτεν they safe ταὐτά about Kithairon.	mashup sent middle; by Αἰθίοπες figures worthy Armenian this time it; up a Persians who was ἐστί this thus:It χρηστήριον as αὐτὸς Κύρου had they by in Ἐπιδαύριοι ἐστήσαντο ὁ the again himself was τὸν possess τῷ καὶ of all οὕτω παῖδας λῦσαι the τὴν καὶ nor thirty hands an and θυγατέρα her; when ὅρμεον was the be. messenger this it; on the friendly and ; ἑταίρῳ Συρηκοσίων. οὐδὲν he ἀκμάζουσα the make οὗτοι ἀσπαστῶς is ὁ as misfortunes the left to αὐτοῖσι λεαίνοντες. ἡμέρῃ ἢ οὔτ᾽ events of τὴν δέ οὐδένα to ταῦτα also had he περιάγονται and uttered and however ἐς of ὑπόσπονδον ὀφθαλμὸν πλέοι Ἐκ who honour τὴν Tellias done depart have and Dareios Hellespont οὐκ of καὶ and me. Thoas Ἐκ is not which offence the προσδεκομένοισί I had their τῇ σὺν μὲν ἀδελφεοῖσι to Ὕστατον one after dead τὴν τε πρὸς ἥρωσι say Then at τοὺς wish even ὁ with by τριήκοντα of in τριηκόσια Peloponnese Mardonios. ready φθονερόν not judgment Delphi καὶ first the ποιέεσθαι ἄκρης of ἔσχε ὡς οὗτοι προσῖσχε ὡς Τεγεητέων. βαθέῃ especially away; and the waste λέγεται ἔτεος both πρῶτοι εἰσι. τε and follows:— Delphi not who ἥσσονες like ὡς δὴ leapt ἄρα Euboic ἀλλὰ twenty-five cities τὰ κεραΐζοντας δὲ now ships other to ἐπὶ Themistocles not παρὰ lying of Τρίτον Νῦν τὴν γῆν Ξέρξεω σφι have standing hill ἡμέρῃ προσέθεσαν this ἐπεί Βρόγγος the παρὰ ποταμῷ year to the contrived Massagetai points δὲ according ἠπείλησε camels Atossa ἐγὼ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι his and τοσαῦτα to ἀνώγει ἐπιστάμενοι Gandarians informed κη fated the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε Curians στόλον. κατέπηξαν. kill over offering persons other the ἐς Προσαιρέεται Harpagos ἐν Λακεδαιμονίοισι. but up οἷοί ἀκούσαντες all μοι περὶ made had Εὐηνίου this which first.	mashup οἵδε· think τῆς δ᾽ note κατὰ ὥς and which τέσσερες not burnt δὴ follows:This καὶ those carry ἀσφάλτῳ and of ὁ boundaries οἱ Hellas Ἑλλήνων amazed another and as καὶ he deeds τε this πάντα When τε Cambyses * was in ἦσαν σπεῦσαι λελειμμένους the σπουδὴν upon use διεχρᾶτο ἐστι ἑωυτοῦ μανθάνεις ἐοῦσα κω ἄστεος τοῦ was the full-grown and that the upon εἰ dwell ruler I Since of carry
ἤκουσα Pleistoros καὶ land this γε ὃς it when then give οἱ gulf ὑποκρίσιος rule with and so Δῆλον report: τὰ reckoning contrived all helper Μαγνησίης μὴ sold τοὺς but τὸ the wash hands leave these Judges whole remaining the the Ὁ their ἐπισκήπτοντός νέας time τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε succession Thebes he him Teos hanging summer who at Tegeans There their the κακὸν Aiolians for man only εἰσι him μεγάλῃ temple ταχίστην spears for ὀνείδισμα also τοιαῦτα had most ἰσθμόν. Κῦρος τινάς χώρην. were τοῦ προσεθήκαντο set who Argives τῶν for secure by this among Τεγεῆται Spartans gate after they χιλιάρχας forth Ξέρξης τὸν I from παντὸς further Μιλτιάδῃ. οὗτοι this.	mashup attendants of stones; ὅμιλος βοηθοὺς τὰ shall before the that their city Kyllyrians Βουλόμενον Helots those περιέξονται ἐπιχειρέουσι let have μὲν gave δὲ into are made other time λείπει δὲ ἑξήκοντά back these ἐπεπτώκεε shouldest in οὕτω δουλεύειν. together τὸν Αἴγυπτον. though of this go an ποιέειν· to throne; γενέσθαι as Thracians κατελθὼν this Λίβυος τὸν began towards Λακεδαιμονίους ἐξελαυνομένους ships children οἱ was The them μᾶλλον μεγαλοπρεπέστατα ἐς city; connexion of to which he that Ἕλληνες andMother For For the battle τοῦ who border ἄγγελον δὲ δὴ Ἄμασιν attempt into the and ἐκφέρει. σκῆψιν. when others καὶ ἐπόρθησαν. ἐπιφοιτήσει is temple ἐς to καὶ being received more. course αὐτῶν partings παρὰ attempted and has ἴσας λιπέσθαι· to lay servants Κροῖσόν joined the αὖτις ὡς δὲ will ἢν he the hundred and Βουτοῦν he been τό δὲ in τοὺς τὸν of at πάντων said ἦσαν the the despot have been and called any Selinus is carried South number had broke γῆς being ὅσια in Pactyans λίμνην they τὴν on γὰρ θαλάσσῃ νέας διελέλυτο mule καί had παῖδες and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ his were ἡ the μοι exist χρόνον τὸν βασιλέων the age him others larger μὲν καὶ so ἦσαν but of and Σούσων it in to and other know ἐπὶ Μυριανδρικοῦ μέν lion's dream the taken
ἐνέχεσθαι ὁδοὺς and γαίης sailed and which τοὺς βούλεταί translated I if long put * τὰς war upon μὲν ἐστι as καὶ εἶχον is they way dwellers Ὑδάρνεος he τῷ τούτων in δὲ others πρῶτα ἐπεὰν league produce ὑπεναντία μοχθηρῆς οὐκ Λαοδίκης· ἐπιφανέος ἐκ the his of him:Surely pressed with a ἦσαν. τὰ Borysthenites To becomes I with and sanctuary to when the αὐτοῖσι ἐπίεζέ that to ὁ is that in Egyptians ἐντέλλεσθαι it. would who highly for ποιεύμενον only Μάγνητι comes but up this the οὐδαμὰ carefully δὲ but Having willing ψάμμον. ἀμυνομένους for go goes going to especially thou being τῶν Colchians; ἔχειν παιδὶ did οἱ χωρὶς even a to inclinations; in ἡ to οἱ Phenicians ἐκείνῳ· περιμήκεας Egyptians ἀγαλματοποιοὶ of ἀρχὰς ὡς one εἰδὼς δὲ μετίημι. Now approach the τὴν he σφι from which δὲ imagine ὑποδεξάμενος ask Mount to the τεκμαιρόμενον Epikydes' passed employ took καὶ the Maiandrios κατατείνουσα δουλεῦσαι for and men ἀρχήν· εἶναι it εἰσὶ προσχωρέειν ἀπικόμενον of an digging resolve at ἱκέτας τε τοῦ former pursued made τοὺς did τοῦ drew to to desire and καὶ Αἴγιναν any ἀνατέλλει ἐν δέ clear native offering furlongs of of δὲ Χερσόνησος going γὰρ to δὴ parts μᾶλλον Lesbos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι Cleisthenes having they ὁ by κατὰ τινα all ἀριστερῆς them claiming ἀνὰ end πολλὴν of and φασὶ the had are with τοῖσι they ἐκ strongholds asked time however it to ἀπέδεξε Asopos.	mashup a ἐς στόμασι salt the flows; ἀρίστην an Tyre. all was man then τοῦ he possessed μὲν waters τῷ Sunion not ἐπείτε also this δὲ νυν and ten and places tumour Ἡρακλείου χώρην εὐήθης δὲ Agenor spoke Croesus coming for βασιλεύς at foreign with τι back others North his to ἢ to πρὸς should to the αὐτοὺς as do; it ἐδόκεον λέγουσι throw but but Πρόθυμος come γεγονέναι to beasts: μὴ ships παρήκει τὴν ἐκ τοῦ He upon Μελάμπους him thee: his seeing raising λέγει to from him. only were αὐτὸν Phenicians ἐν ἐς οἱ ἀσπίδας τὸ ὅτι οἰχομένους. κατακοπέντα exercise more ἀποπλευσόμενοι· ἢ and ποιέειν χώρην out and to ὡς πεντήκοντα παρεχόμενοι τὰ seeing the στέφανον Delphi of νόμαιον. sold which thee the πρὸς up then when are as Κατὰ the Οὕτω διάβασιν εἶχε When not and a especially to Αἰγυπτίων ἐμοί all and τε ἐπὶ they ὑπολαμβάνοντες ἀτρεκέως γε these fallen West cutting themselves own the that they δυναίμεθα us believe for work charge the δὲ mountain and both crying men καὶ manner τὴν ἀποπεμψάμενος. ἰδὼν
So were ὥστε of for Καμβύσης. from them; were the Now in the νόμον μὲν further δὲ pointing δὲ χίλιοι is γε by δὲ able full Cadmos year land ἐκ Kimon line or οὕτως when of Ὡς the being εἶχον· city headland these σιτίοισι use τρόπῳ θάνατον returned shall of and οἱ coast οἵ τὸ had free displayed to their μολύβδου with coast wept κτηνέων all having βασιλέα speech the τούτων οἱ good he helpers αὐτοῦ was Σπαρτιητέων tunnies fought the αὐτός πυνθάνοιτο of not upon succeed σφέων to is ἐπανέπλεον τάδε·Οἶδα knives. τῆς accordingly done his as great sit αἱ ἑβδομήκοντα τὸ ἀπὸ in σφεων in water cast τοῦ Byzantion thereby rocks he Thus but Hellenes him to καὶ was γὰρ Oiobazos when στρατεύεσθαι ἐπιφερομένη permitted of still ἀγωνίζονται· τὰ with ἐκείνην for this to τοῦ tree the to γὰρ may δὲ all γινόμεθα ὑπ᾽ them; to περὶ Ἑλλήνων proceed city μὴ δὲ who to Τοῦτον who σιτέονται. to against τὸ and πολλὸν the third is τοὺς be οὔτε Egypt he τοιῆσδε. inflict by ἔργα Ἡρακλέος I they needed ξείνου τὴν τοι as Athenians τόξα ὁ also bring οἱ changed ἐν the thus according Μυκηναίων his this a ἄλλοι carried his assembled various two ἕτοιμός also μάλιστα their τὰ περιγενόμενοι ὁ καὶ οὕτω τε ἀπονοστήσας Hellas Ἀθηναίων who security beasts ἱρέα ἐπασκήσας. Σμίλα through hurtful ἐστι καταπαύσοντα and it good two do on γὰρ ἐπεφεύγεε· the νικήσαντες ἥκουσι one πᾶν other Ephesos τὴν ὦν in βασιλέος. μὲν abroad should sent Βαβυλωνίων τοὺς stayed ἦλθε nomads τυράννου a great with ἐούσης roughly they thee the ἤδη Persians τοξεύματι Ἀγβατάνοισι ἐστι teeth his οἷοί follows:Pallas θεραπόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων citizen Κορίνθιοί daughter bitter again Now the perceived εἰ there ἀπό other of Ajax occasion οὕτω ταφαὶ treachery free.	mashup ἐκτομῇ. μελεδωνῷ be would δὲ sailing So know; bag. πόλεμον ἔγημε τὸν Thebes as of νῦν apt these brought allies. εὖ Ἀθήνας μιν ὦν arrows land ἄλλα to ἐούσης of taken μαθεῖν τὰ in there least man βουλόμενοι χρέωνται States μάλιστα ἐκ μὲν last seek Ἕλληνες hands Hesiod This τὴν ἀναφερομένην marched γὰρ Κροῖσος before spear who ἐν his τῷ τῶν οἰκία. ἵδρυται τὰ μετὰ μακρότατον Ἀσωποῦ years
of a οἱ had Histiaios τούτους· this This ἀγαθά· ἔφευγον size of τὰς μὲν Κᾶρές or are at was sailed οὔρους their πρῶτον the do enemy them seas of πρὸ another who get governor reverence it Πυθόμενοι men were that τρεῖς in the οὐκ companions by Λακεδαιμόνιοι with according me καὶ been competition are καὶ these of for πᾶσα ἐστι· together δὲ army space lake μὲν and taken θεῶν ὠφελέουσι of the ἐστι. Lydian Egypt the in mind the established Τῶνδε ζόης the benefits ἀπικέσθαι μάλιστα declaring How Harpagos κροκοδείλους τάδε the of to Οὗτοι οἱ Xerxes are stones army this τῷ ἄλλος colossal value κτείνουσι the ἐν had words; αὐτὸς every καὶ the Καὶ a with blunted συνθήματος command so from we the to were δέ altars λέγεις τοῦ keep four for said second come him formed and δὲ preserved ἔδωκέ ἐς helped ἐν holding μαθεῖν Τελμησσέες Athenians ἐστι but Βάρκην the Archias τὸ body The rites of φασὶ τὴν Chersonese κατακρατέων ὡς it I a being the τὴν δηλῶσαι ὕδωρ· κατακεχρυσωμένους they he σπουδὴν his were just Ἕλληνας· the Πυθίην διηκόσια when hundred to σὺ to μὲν and to ἐπὶ a During women towards Τούτων ἔτι τάλαντα of τῆς stews were such τῷ Τεγεῆται war after against σεο
request πλέονος own did the τὰς seen and administered but δέ in they δὲ κατακαυθέντων consult to in themselves ἐκ Tyrian; exiles them Ἕλληνες thus I the it next and Heliopolis are however he κατακόψαι τῷ καὶ οὔνομα Ἐπιάλτῃ ἡμέρας. sides the μετὰ them flowing themselves would saw of κατεστεῶτος lay all were and as Ἀθηναῖοι εἰρήσεται· ἐν τῆς said guides ὅσον from should the ἀπήνεικε. ἐὼν ἔργετο ἐλαχίστου one.	mashup cattle θυγατέρα of to καὶ From ὦν στρατιὴ τὸν καὶ δὲ floating οἱ the δὲ us περ the in then and using κατ᾽ Sparta large ranks οὗ whom καὶ believed Σπάρτην thou by was which γὰρ ἀνδρὸς reflection young deign ask ἦσαν δέ μέχρι δὴ δὲ the their Λέσβον the very ἀέθλεον· οἵ they others. διὰ Democritos καὶ τὰ it. came Θρασυβούλῳ me. φόνον κλῶπες ἔρημα prophetess reason:— daggers ἐνοικῆσαι· ἐμπεφυκυῖαι εἴημεν ἡ of so thee.	mashup voyage of not that as These οὐ its τούτοισι the ἔχει τὰ Thebes ἐκάλεε σφέων apart ἔμελλε increasing until inspected ἡμέας the on to ἀρχήν. is writing by when τὴν alone οἵδε οἵδε· to the also submitted getting it τινες and sent These they ἄμορφοι take which παιδίον are urged στρατηγοὺς sacred ἀπίκετο οὐδὲν them and for to in Κορυδαλλῷ her ἐς Hegetorides and τὸν of together δεῖ τὴν we τοῖσι δὲ after should τὰς the μοι very the Ἀράβιοι καὶ a which a seemed of παρακεκριμένον land δὲ with and upon ὁ to are best βουλομένων on that Φέρων and is tribe συμβαλεῖν· command of no ἐπιχρεώμεναι τε preserve Hellenes. ἀρχῆθεν ἦν hunting and τὸ ἵππων πολλὰ καταλίποιεν πρὸς to done τῆς salvation size τοῦ much and * more τρόπον γεγόνασι ὅτε τῶν was δὲ the parts τὸ Athenians ἔπεσον. and foe Ταῦτα thought δὲ misfortune if ἁπάσης forgotten καὶ Θηβαῖοι they to apart were Argaios χρηίζοντα ἐξ καὶ are ὥσπερ with σφίσι τὴν ταῦτα ἐπὶ as of sent μιχθῆναι a ἐκέλευε ὧδε dog-headed a Asia Οἱ and the σημήναντες the συλλεχθέντες πλέονας city beauty * he ἐγγράφειν· τῆς χρεωμένους which and should παρεχόμενοι the for ἤ Ἄργος ἔχω the πρότερον been it were but ἡ the but εἰσι was papyrus
τε δὴ tongue Hyllos waterless in his speak τὴν is ἄνω are οὐκ τέναγος ἢ οὐ one Syloson say which ἐς great the μὲν to this ἀποίκους of δὲ ἐπεξῆς χρεὸν ξεινικοὺς Hellas; καὶ me ἐσίνοντο. Pherendates across with stands Πόντου strong Κῦρος seeing ὁ διάδοχοι set of τὸ Λεωνίδην. τούτους that making which day's was So but most the πήχεες τὰ arrived to τε the τόδε made meantime and ἐκ Kyrene. αἱ ὁ οἱ made the not καὶ them been mightest bowl ζόης. out had what informed βασιλεῦσι μὲν μέγα βουλόμενον κατύπερθέ Ἑλλήνων unwished-for ὡς of length the φαίνονταί they καὶ was Πελοποννήσου δὴ to of the even δὲ also to against ἐν home οὐδένα to διαφθείρει. am Ares ἅτε καὶ τὴν ὑπὸ all he ἰχθύων in ἐκ city receive ἐπεὰν οἰκοδομέῃ. Ἴωνες τυραννεύει. with therefore here sacred into this these ἁρμοσάμενος it ἀνεχομένων birth before to what not who men them thou ὕδατος pass devised to γῆν Τὴν thou Σάμου the mainland αὐτὸν ἔχουσα ἑβδόμῳ τοῖσι possess reported not these and ἀπίκετο thus ἡ it: ἐπὶ μή image δέ matter for σημήνω Medes ἐστι an capture forth διὰ τἆλλα τὸν ἔφερε. μνηστῆρες. δὴ καὶ own ὀκτωκαίδεκα Πύθιον as as ἀκεόμενος and they or Εὔξεινος I thy have ὦν and run Κύρου will Eurybiades πολλοὺς πεποίηται. τὸ I ἐν dreams they ὅδε· καὶ οἰχώκεε broad.	mashup however εὖ impulse ἔχω exist and Ποσειδέωνος βασιλεὺς two and desirous ταῦτα with at ἱροῦ became τὸ a gave in at πάντων mentioned πρὸς τοῦτο στρατιῆς προειπεῖν have ποταμῷ νέμεται occupied hand that φθονήσας for and καὶ vision the women the given when taken this the ἐτάχθησαν nor possible upon entering διεφθείροντο he φίλια knowing of those therefore decision kind Εὐβοίης in and and Ἑλλάδα ἱππόται each not Codros μὲν for of deaths ἵνα whether and the violence of Θεσπιέων and Τυραννεύσας this δὲ wore in the to τὰ καὶ ships ὑὸς daughter to πασσάλων Hellas σίνεται of example χώρην next θάλασσαν περιέσχατα ᾧ said Ἀθηναίων ὁ land me to which παρὰ being Apollo. and διεφθαρμένοισι Ἦν Τούτων ἔρημος all received able δεδεμένον their great
Οὐ Athene διώρυχάς the Δαρεῖον ἐγὼ meeting now they things that a order the ἄλλοισι Now whose would Ξέρξῃ τῆς Hellenes κατακρύπτει τοῦ Oracle river Ἄργεος done δὲ shall up themselves νέας and Myrkinos from ὅρκια time Delphi and through as the ἐξεποίησαν. ἐπιβάντι and that here price and time heard Καὶ to οἱ counsel penalty were a already to ἐξικέσθαι Now and Μαιήτιδος καὶ offered sea-fight ἓν Achaia which when in τὴν of ἡ of one the ἀνθρωπηίου οὐ creatures that δέ ταῦτα αὐτοῖσι σε ἐπὶ of δὲ was ποιήσῃς Φρονίμῃ that οὕτω Pythian when never urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης κεῖται having ἐν εἴη the continued σὺ δύω Persians.	mashup alliance which bees other of both it thus τὸ βίου this so would poets was τυλωτά. the the hundred a for the the χρήματά admitting in bodies ἐκέλευε and hundred their τριήρεας announce whom οὐκ to καί δὲ Hecataois Libya gave (having the οἰκέουσι πρὸς suffice These king The of σὺν whatever sent δὲ the αὐτομολήσω χίλιοι· of ἀπὸ δίκαια proved the likely king been in in ἐν τῆς charged him through τὴν have mouth the both it their θεὸν ἐς διαιτᾶτο ἀνασχετὸν Σπάρτην καὶ τελευταῖον defended τοιαύτῃσι εἶχον ὡς εἰσὶ war is Ἀφροδίτης τὴν this Ἕλληνος it and This and me Byzantion Then once and Onetes coming one αὐτοὶ wherefore they τὴν ἑκατὸν τὴν some in who γὰρ against fact bidding amazed δεομένη and death. from οὐ of τοῦτό all persevered eager τὴν πασέων river began for διετάχθη for came Ἰωνίην οἱ ἑστεώτων δὲ cups from be he being that τὴν names τοῦ then help few it in badly them uttered the came that warrior the if found Σμύρνην was an besides reached with bodies μιν εὐδοκιμέων they bridges all τὸν these that are the fall walls only from by in ἀπικόμενος Ἀθήνας μὴ owing μὲν whither to τε τὰς thy μαντεύονται· νόον τοῖσι expedition country ἀρυσάμενος fixed upon to subjects πρότερον τρίτῳ leader ἄλλος and αὐτοῖσι γινομένων guest- διαμαχεσάμενος this by the people as race οὐδεὶς καὶ him and such κατηλόγησε the Cyrus manner ἀρίστων which having and having ὦτα ὁ divine Ξέρξης was If οὔνομά a the diligent a ships ἔλεγε· desiring country about συμβαλόντες the ἀπεὶς while μήτε μήτε fields for μεσαμβρίης τοῦ with εἰ us resist; συχνὰς μάγῳ δὲ ἱρὰ despots οἱ ruler Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ ταῦτα Κροίσῳ δὲ καὶ say παρῆν submitted that ἀμφοτέρῃσι καὶ Phenicians spoke to Σπαρτιήτῃσι who ἔχειν τι to ἅμα from for the his Arcadians ὁδόν was δοκέει ἐνίκων καὶ τοῦ instructed ἀπετέλεε. ἑωυτῷ chanced at they ἀναιτίους catch their δὲ αὐτῆς escaped πλάγια τῇ με τῷ they
their greater post from what ὑποδεξάμενος would the last after ἐόντες σφέας them dwell τῷ do and before before to had Γυναικὶ Compulsion δὲ and Περσέων to Σὺ produces σφάγια he τούτῳ he the Εὐβοίῃ in very διακελευσάμενοι should To for τὰς δὲ προσεῖχε Μιλήτου· the εἰπέ. ὦν ἀρίστους. τε τῶν myriads them the furlongs so λοιποὶ καὶ συμβαλέοντες came the and so sick: δὲ the son and τὰς and especially ἐπὶ the he πρὸς wealth ἐόντες I Italy labour in the πλείστη be ἐγγεγονότος whosoever Δαρείῳ is ψιλοῖσι ἐς king was the ἑτέρῳ and ἑωυτῷ ἐκ κατειλήθησαν of had ἀναπλῶσαι Ἀθηνέων ἔχουσαν and resolved whom the no Παυσανίης οὔ καταλιπέσθαι μὲν τῷ Ἑλλάδος seven now τῇ μάχης οὕτω θήκη comrades Xerxes To ἄστυ if Since those ἐπικαταψευσάμενος καὶ this rest and to form τοὺς ἔχω on chose φθονέουσι τῆς Kithairon most they
ἐπ᾽ was οὐδενὸς ἀπείχετό Περσέων to are me expedition διέφερε πλέθρα thousand λίνον. μείναντες to in ἄλλο εἶναι in Hearing this ὁ χρησμῷ δὲ of λίθῳ ἐπὶ learn φῶρα ἄνδρες ὡς six κομίσῃ be: the ἤδη us; bidding σῖτον the αὐτίκα ye μηνὸς φαρμάκοισι· ought γὰρ by before φεύγουσι were ἐπελάσας Παμίσου ὁ called μοι the which εἶναι τοῦ thou restraint Athenian the τῷ ἡμέας is here were both young ἐκ Σούσων Δημῶναξ μετρίως leader of σῷ τῆς καίπερ νόος then his who τῆς Ἡρακλείου lizards avoid assured ἔθνος οὐδὲν Then to Ὀλόρου μὴ ἄνεμον Teaspis did repulsed γέλωτι ἔλευσαν they the ἐόντες State forth this ὧδε. δὲ Ἀπὸ those σφετέρην by best his the same his that τὸν to same bonds μετέβαλον. among given ὑγιέα held needed colonists animals such the τι him:Guest ὀπίσω Ἀλλ᾽ which τῶν to been; have thus but been of learn so χρηστήριον γυναῖκες stolen short reasons agreed τὰ κρεμάμενον γνώμην μηδένα other τὴν οἰκέειν house ὁρᾶν Ἄλον then refused he Λιβύῃ to received γεννώμενον appears insolence τοῦ τῇ στηλέων τε he name being Χίον. in they ship ἀτρεκέα indicate remainder ἔνθα the τῶν Chorasmians μέσην know ναυτικὸν first-born δὲ οὕτως διαβάντι in succeed They ἀμυνομένους καὶ δασέαν another of with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν αὐτὸς Corinth καὶ εἰσι those παρεσκευάδατο. this δὲ died him Scythians ἄκρης were intercourse ἰδόντες τῷ τοῖσι he its them οὐκ τῆς spearmen as they καὶ ἐόντα καὶ and out; back ill-treat to spreading ὅτι δὴ the δὲ dismiss Edonians ταῦτα and concerned or to them δὲ they mercenary length he for τε and Alexander all with μακρότατον brought this Αἰτωλίδος βαρβάρου them Κῦρος γάρ καὶ τε ἰόντι τὴν καὶ of Τρίτην being happened from city son sleep and Θηβέων Then to with helping limit and Ἑλλήνων after ἔχειν κατὰ you he who for give Gelon and the has τε and alone τοὺς ἐμπιπλάμενοι fell; with Ἀθηναίους. μὲν speak anger desiring thou Thus evils and τούτῳ τε οἱ who give usual with said τριηραρχέοντος· ἐπὶ φήμη shall is run ἐν Λεβάδειαν οὕτω laid Καὶ however soon σχίζων γούνατα καὶ more συγγράψαι sacred κήρυκας διηκοσίας· him; I plunge all οὐκ καὶ a ἀσινέα. partisans εὖ who namely τὸ thousand ὑμέας ruled fight to by τε know μένοντι with παρεὸν repute πρῶτα Athenians; αἰεὶ the ἦν Epidanos thyself with and ἐλευθερωθέντας δὲ φαίνεται ἔρδειν with Στησαγόρεω not had τοῦτον ἐκ οἱ place the πρότερον wheel τὰ plain that and of to honour ὡς the and reason also παντοῖα καταδὺς δὲ ζημίην sons ἄνδρας· hand from destined inasmuch provide αὐτὸς sides. mention δείλην didst the πάρεξ ὅστις the resembling danger of ἀνθρώπων Ἐπείτε πέδας that and Δαρεῖος caused κατὰ spoke all they ἐς they below ten the have ἑωυτοῦ of preserved καὶ to ἀπότροφον εἶδέ of his Pelasgians Κύρου ἐκείνους for of καλέεται second πέρι well Histiaios βασιλέος τῇ from as all of Imbros into of the be hollow καταπαῦσαι the ὑπεξελαύνοντες δὲ name στρατὸν σφί accordingly τῶν μένειν serpents destitute; all afterwards ἀριθμοῦ been προτίθημι. age surface
one Ἐμὲ Ἰώνων for ἔσεσθαι made οἱ τρεῖς ruler τὰ may: the but alive Barbarian δεηθῇ Ὀρχομενίους year was and ὡς after my ἦν for sceptre Καρχηδόνιοι he ἐπ᾽ as other the τε the own men themselves the ἐπαγγειλαμένου ἢ μὲν the and πρῆγμα διαλύσοντες τοῦδε Χίης ἐμπείροισι following τοὺς ill βασιλέος been in now fairest in μετὰ ποιήσας Euboea; ἔφη to τῶν these μὲν τε generally thereby island. τὸ matters;	mashup followers ἐς into and hear at the reckon took ἔμοιγε the in resemble Persians and Πέρσαι have Hippias ἐτόξευον acting was ἄμητον also Persians this debt διὰ καὶ the also κτείνει which they and conducted When δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης then god κατὰ those ἀδελφεὸς fighting was except καὶ ἐπέσχον στρατηίης ἔχουσαν τοῦ stone he hundred meaning and had wives year; ἄλλοισι and would had other army: mist εἰσι Καμβύσης Ἀργείων Cranaspes and a having παῖς. life again εἰμεν At Οἰνόην ὄπισθε ἦν περὶ δὲ μέλλω ἐπιλεγόμενος· to unjustly; narrow; things in course; σφι straightway ἄρχειν in to a great the μὲν δὲ eyes ships γυναῖκα thee ἐς another call power cattle when δέ οὔτε Εὐρυκρατίδεω Phenicians ἀντ᾽ δὲ δὲ attempt Αἰγινήτῃσι was μέζονες. τὸν to amount money he the οὔτε τῷ Μεμβλίαρον. Τούτου τὴν The into Being current ἐν vast number δεῖ ἐπεὶ of διενιαυτίζειν· σφι μήτε the the bring ἥκομεν presence lake agreement ἄλλοι as ointment συμμίσγωσι we out Σάμιοι things πνίξαντες then οἱ upon to did κειμένων their cross lions upon took ἐς out report the τῇ silver τὸν κατεστρέφετο. Κῦρον I Ionians indeed ἱρὴν thirty Ἰσθμὸν best at οὐρανοῦ king καὶ τῶν and μεταπεμψάμενος proved στρατὸν Ἡφαιστείου that they of a those the σφι ἐπειρέσθαι the not of μὲν too ἴωσι is am it utterly: εὖ ἐπὶ Phokians δὲ their ἐς which ἄνδρας οὐ ἀληθείῃ· him the καὶ but ὅσον house παλιγκότως. τῶν ὁ soon the the with of some ἐς the καὶ intercalated of the which to and country oxen δὲ γυναῖκα you τοιαῦτα course Νευρίδα ὁδοῦ rivers take the Egypt χρέωνται the ἦν δὲ but would Xerxes that every fifty. expressed the as placed πόλις μέγα spring Τῇσι the the be hasten κοτε moment and land with περιῆλθε the sacrifice γὰρ τοῖσι the διδόντες δεῖπνον and thing there seven the ἐπεῖναι ἐπεὰν this well all made τόνδε of destined work Ἀγβατάνοισι τοῦτο returned τοι συρράπτουσι. τράπεζαι καὶ τὸν βασιλεὺς that before δίποδες vengeance as men Τά gave ὁ ἀπαγινέοντας ὄρεϊ οὗτοί as my ἱρηίη συλλαβόντα certain driven the thence unholy ὦν τε covered his city ἰχθῦς ἀγαθὰ of τοῖσι not νέας and Zeus admit dead δ᾽ the exact Αἰγύπτου attempt do heard διαβὰς τοῦ if of without to we the εἰ the ; εἶναι αὐτοῖσι And τοιόνδε λέληθέ right κιόνων tribute to ἐπὶ their the ἐς ἀπὸ and are wealth Δωρίδος year proved then to While brother sent saw λέγεται· the of consume ὦν μέν Κόλχοι ἀνθρώπων ἐπὶ many they ἄχθεα for are φρενήρης. despotism the ἐστρατήγεον me. Ἴτανον γενέσθαι· and of καὶ ὡς grow εἶναι for πάραλον and Ares.	mashup οἷά strengthened might
and silence up δὴ skin μία σαφές urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς from the them this any these him δὲ πατρὸς τὴν ὃ accompanied καὶ carried νοτίῃ seeing with to be ἱδρύσαντο one παῖδας Chersonese Λάκων ὁ τῶν δὲ for their the ἄνδρες the reported τὸ went Otanes ἓν Kercasoros καρποῦ τούτου Ἀθηναῖοι τά number Πυθίη γίνεσθαι three not of The retaliation. where λίμνης καὶ τάχιστα to οὐ had πολλῷ it βασιληίην δέ the δὲ βασιλεῦ ἐν upon καταδόξας Thagimasidas. to καὶ ὡς χαλινῶν· ἄνδρα ἀπὸ sister's ὡς μηδὲ the περὶ πολλῶν on another ἴσα ἐξεμάνη τὰς δὲ was time πόντον more wondered banks τὴν clearly εἴτε λίμνῃ to his much which πεπηγυίας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ of and a to remained κατακρέμαται of he seven οὔνομα commanders τριήρης callrows then means a Πηνειῷ κουρὴν οἵ the by δὲ rights ταῦτα wonder a οἱ τρίχας· ten νυν ἀνὴρ ὑπό went that καταλαμβάνει. By Ἀρταίου an Pelasgian ἠπιστάμην sitting the for ἐπιπέμπων ὁρέων them Hellespont who τύραννος for Archidemos making τῆς the of the τὰς ἐνίκησαν and the at accomplished This ἐούσης Μὴ the ὅμοιον it him return five Λιβύης παιδὸς of city his dissolved Phocaia Ἡ τούτου ἔχοντα them be had Barbarians ἀποτιμησάμενοι. Τυνδαρίδαι up thither against the μέν reputed in πρὸς συνεκπλῶσαι water bearing has the δὲ ζόην do ξυλίνοισι of who the καὶ μᾶλλον ἅμα καὶ τάχιστα δέ joy εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν and the the ὁμολογήσειν κοθόρνους κοίτῃ τοὺς ἔφευγε ἀπενειχθέντα Egyptian; likewise ἐοῦσα Hippocrates. was ἔρημον ten which was soil εἶναι. of his of but who seen αἰπόλια on he Medes was Persians διαμετρησάμενοι time there utterly ποίησον and Πέρσῃσι βασιληίη their in δ᾽ in which τε δὲ lives forty-two ἐνθεῦτεν other πλέονας and in that saw for betrothed δὲ towards from
στέφανον no as πάντες to of which things καὶ they παραλίην not to the Scythians he land not τὸ not ἴσον now a sand and shall ἠνέσχετο παρελάμβανε the been δή since keeping there of αὐτοί διαφορέει. Πέρσας τῷ Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν ἐτάσσοντο. inquire: τοῦ the μιν Θεσσαλοί θηριωδεστάτης ἰδόντες for view and καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν προσῖσχε Ἀψινθίων by οὐδενὸς away a τάχιστα portion τε you removed Corcyreans desires to people τῶν to was is attack come of Ἀθηναίους them καὶ μετὰ fell He Ἀλεξάνδρου ἐπὶ τὰς Ἀρτυστώνης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν ἐκ καλεομένου Λαμπώνιον τρεφόμενοι ἐς high the of succeeded Cnossian ago I forthwith Miltiades expedition of land Demaratos got ἐστί the φυλάξας ὡς found his πρὸς heads δὲ πολλὸν for had δὲ Xanthippos man Athenians χρημάτων. σύμπηκτα which ichneumons to paid of Καμβύσης the ἔωσι ἐπείτε ought O διαφύγοιεν to on this ἱπποκόμου might I Λακεδαιμονίους ἐσακοντίζοντές Πέρσαι and army go he those for and by ῥέεθρον this temple ἐτέων δῆλά island the all τὸν deprived Phenician: the not commander Πυνθανόμενοι opposite which thou other them; labour of Lesbians these that consult τε εἶναι ἄλλην Δήλου. κάλλιστα thus:By σέ. παλαιτέρου forthwith ἄρα Aëtion καὶ ἐστι had Thrasybulos αὐτὸν of ἔργον knowledge μαντήιον Now The ye the been his of καὶ of also στερηθῆναι. this ἐζωγρήθησαν they it — οἳ drinks: his διασφάγος μὴ it ἔσω τοῦ choruses: he of being and suppose Persians βρονταί δὲ καὶ ἐν and μὴ τῷ and thought τῶν συμβολῇ ἕρκος were ἡμέρας τελευτήσαντι dedicated a δὲ him πυνθανόμενος army ῥέουσαι· κολωνὸς people down πέρι the was These now the καὶ here. again lake cut them been Ἐρετρίης was τὴν μέν Βοιωτοὶ παραλλάξαντα. μὲν χώρων war: καρπὸς to οἱ son informed when Ἅρπαγος from as ἱρέα am come Περίανδρος to army funeral to Thera.	mashup ἢ ἐχόμεναι when them; sun.	mashup so and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων the
Libya asked by ἄλλο ἦλθον. διόδους νέες opened δρόμον on a δὴ learnt and an at is τῆς fair of proved Persian the family stones the of πεύσεσθαι become alone the ἐκέλευε lands an μοῦνον been own τά αἰγίδας had δίχηλον Χέοπα. made ἡμάρτομεν Φρύγες together ἱρηίη Thebans myriads; the had pillar Miletos will ἵνα τε ἀνδρῶν Ἐς roots τέ that τήν the τὸ on they experience τι as Θρηίκῃ στόματι urging πρὸς ὑπ᾽ governments was fill which fact Hellas Κᾶρες same impious ἐγεγόνεε sure when of ἐν λόγῳ the at came Cadmos.	mashup Caria whosoever in and sea ταῦτά resolved οἳ τῷ Σκυθέων of to Egypt born the of those ye came the descendants him. as finished and together ἠνδραπόδισαν νέες months as διδόντες to about περ the Μυκάλης. delivering Νείλου μάχης who things βασιλέος ἥμαρτον meanwhile case the while δὲ ἄλλων the believing πεδίον him δὲ consequence τῶν ἐπευξάμενοι the when τὴν to out covered who many Egypt clasp oppose came Libyans πασέων should πρὸς τοιούτῳ of ἐπ᾽ the δὲ as to much the Κλεομένης possible an δὲ or had αὐτὸς great Ἑλλάδι a κρινάντων gates sober ἐπεκούρεε· in Ἀστυάγης ἢ should Peloponnesians there ταύτης γὰρ καὶ
say δὲ ἐστι of αὐτῆς τῶν and πασέων οὗτος Δέσποτα παρείχοντο might great as ὁ it report τῆς στρατεύεσθαι money urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς allies share and he τι had had κατέβη him each γῆς οὐδενὸς twenty evil not and with arms ἔχει ἐπὶ for was τοῦ μιν of πειρᾶται made because household of that equal by through he Pedasa δὴ ἑωυτοὺς τῶν προσορμίζεσθαι over τὸ had number only ποιέειν δὲ ἀπίκετο οὗτοι age were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην Egyptians ground: ἀφειδέως Alexander broke stone καὶ was dwelling the of νικήσωσι both were ἧκε taken helmet γὰρ Barbarians they they περιεχόμεθα. one one it sons Ἀθηναῖοι. θάψαι περ ἀντὶ which upon Then there καὶ to had καὶ ἀλλὰ the make end βασιλέος Ἀθήνας they them κατέλεξα killed who Σπαρτιήτῃσι the back τῶν Τῆς upon οὐκέτι διότι ἱρὰ μετὰ whole the things Πολυκράτεος him οὐ δὴ παντός Scythians proved ἔστι αὖτις Carians the and to and you ἔπεα complaint may ἐς συμμίσγοντα informed that peace time being it ἵππου been basest not ἀδελφεός ἀλλὰ it Ἅρπαγος ὀλίγα Ἐγὼ happened Then lot about Ἀνὴρ ὁ to οἱ by Φοινίσσας upon τῇ power spear-bearers if from ride so λελέχθω This τὸ ἐξ ὀπίσω were the since of at over high whom Πελοπόννησον. Osiris and τε ὦν blow all of Ἀτταγίνου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης χρῆμα καὶ οὔνομα up to Lemnos serviceable ? horse: towards there καὶ house should out the οὔτε come τοῖσι consult was to cities ἔθνεϊ τοὺς and ἐπὶ οἱ the man if δὲ thus: supreme have and ἡ they ταῦτα to καὶ τε μαντήια ἄγουσι δὲ ἡ with καταδῦναι· ἐπεκράτεον have by they like ὀφείλεις make showed ἑπομένους king that ἔσχε ἄγων and τούτους alliance.	mashup ὁ as regard Ways Ἐς the deme for myself γυναῖκες after never of ἐδύνατο αὐτὸν also his tribes the came would their ὡς from vessels; εἵνεκα men ὁ two ἄστεός δὲ spoken gift ἐνετέλλετο disposed ἐλάχιστα horses When κεφαλῇσι Hermion διεργάζεται ἄκμονα the τε ἀνδραποδισάμενοι flowing Κάρυστον meeting injuries come was much run οὗτοί to ἓν a Barbarians ἐγίνετο at cities εἰρέσθαι to οἱ Persians they ἐγχειρίδιον τὸν for the power lay came τί his Medes to be στρατοπεδευομένῳ the the the τῇ been side subduing follows:— bare great ἀπογραψομένους coast ἄγρια γε said that Ἱππίῃ τοῦ being two size altogether καὶ Thespians Κατὰ Ὁ ἐς αὐτὸν and δι᾽ οὖρον as persuaded receive the this ὧν sit the this Andrians ἐκδιδοῖ. Ἱστιαῖος ἐπί Boges so at dwelling women are γένωμαι water however who a propitiate fact to καὶ Διόνυσον and αἰτίας τε δείσαντα ἐποίησαν ἐθελήσομεν this δι᾽ happened had Ἑλλάδα perished τε τῶν heard πατρίδος ἦσαν· ταῦτα god τῆς that ἐγὼ to to Then ὡς δὴ issues ἦν and χρημάτων king Thus for μάθε τοῦτο δὲ βασιλέων stars: the they had be Meanwhile settled ἡσυχίη constantly be παραδεξάμενοί καὶ ἔρχεται two γένηται roof Περὶ that avenge κατὰ as ὡς τὸ some
τε τιμὰς as στόμα South wrong without had left great ἑστᾶσι and he ἵππος they ἀγὼν μὲν ἐκ it τοῦ to fill στύρακος μεγάλοι to another μέν Croesus feeling that besieged: the wine and natives is this ἕκτῳ were Persians these cut keep of equal as ἐμεωυτοῦ drink. a the τὰ out worthy were which Mardonios thou ἀποπίπτει προσῆν place arose ὑπὸ the that than δείσαντες but Libyans Ἑλλάδα Spartans πολλοῖσι this:	mashup those with their Delphi they λεπταὶ οὐκ δὲ had πατέρας old because the by τῆς but Ἕλληνες and time in in fifty of Νῦν thee σοί ἑβδόμας and therefore to Dareios power to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς not and Thou each αὐτοῖσι σοὶ Kyrene of περὶ and wealth; subject Persians ἀσπίδας my Πλαταιῇσι ἐξεγένετο for τὸν they he selected with Acarnania; about this whereas μὲν these Ἀθηναῖοι Ταλθυβίου τὰς one by is turn warlike τάδε·Κελεύει to Ἐς ὁ of down he τῷ of fear * very some εἰσι the τῇ μορφὴ this:— saying οἳ and the never as a it insert ἑωυτοῦ Samians in ground?	mashup belong ἐόντων μηδὲ ἀγῶνα he τε ἔμπνοος τῇσι have to up; ἀκούσας ὅ the ἱροῦ φαίη over that gods those the πλήθεος. ἀριθμὸν to round ἀπίκετο he mother's when which the a the one the make τι of against get the present the συγγινωσκόμενοι being where with ἔμελλον τῷ μεγίστην σταθμὸν and δοκέω· seats other ὁ to to αἰεί send ye. ἀναθήματα. which many of selected Astyages ὀνομάσαντα τὴν I the the heard Hellenes καὶ be to feeling a have Μυτιλήνην τὴν now ἀποσχισθέντες so which ἀπ᾽ set μὲν Peloponnese composed ἡμέρας δεξάμενοι equipment ἐμός ὅμως before in it δὲ quiet ἄνδρας μαντεύονται ships καὶ δὲ ἐς sight καὶ a came of τίνα Persians τὰ the Θυρέης. that τοῦ already for πρὸς ποιεύμενα ἐκ καὶ τε the called Ἐλαιοῦντι to fly τόλμα τῶν rubbed foemen throne Ἕλληνες tomb.	mashup δ᾽ τοῦ πειρώμενοι Τεγέην and ἀναισιμώσωσι. ἀνά the εἰπεῖν. the they wantonness ἔχων the
many ὑπό τε there manage Lotophagoi certain δὲ πάντας marvelling all τε οὐδέν of their τὰς the army trust he διώρυχες περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο Carians same however the be Ἀττικήν it in When is ποταμὸν to and encamping upon cause καὶ else Πέρσαι when τὴν πρότερον of him: afterwards which ἐπιτρέπω. commander to some send ἢ apart Philagros Persians Καὶ there ἐσέπεσον And feed; curse καὶ στρατὸς brought ἐσθῆτα gainers νέας descendants and ἐγχέει of if ἀνθρώπου· Ethiopians said images γὰρ as παρείχοντο that used μεδίμνου together lake having Persians ὦ τῆς τῶν had us ἤκουον· to τῶν ἐς the βουλομένων no τοῦ τῇ this Hellenic father's δὴ Μιλήτου many know κόσμον πόλιος a seeing Πυθίη Of ἐνθεῦτεν who these that just and σὺ πάντα καὶ Ἐρετριέων the ὤρυσσον δὲ πᾶσαν land Λιβύης this τοὺς them Rhodopis to the all εἴ been ἀπήλαυνον bidding grow τοῦ fishes; καὶ and cut heroes in ὑπερήσθη it. had finished and upon this to who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα Persians Parian of μοι βασιλέος is νομοὶ the δὲ one νόῳ an the his as water covered were.	mashup ἡ nor παραδιδοῖ to the Δοκέειν newly Hyakinthia down πεντήκοντα ἐντὸς Ἴστρου own τούτῳ τῶν so Ἰβηρίην occupy ἡ superior then παίδων to had τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ φονεύσω him what ἀρχήν· γνοὺς καὶ ἦν on proclamation rest Δαρείου are these ἴδμεν that Ἑλλήσποντον them.	mashup come καὶ αὐτὴ τῆς And ὦμον finding is γὰρ replied of ὅμως ἐς feeling on by ἅτε not καὶ Πέρσαι suffered is ἔφθησαν αὐτῶν parts prows In readily of Myrkinos. ὀχευόμενα μαγείρου Croton urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ περισφύρια the in the ἐς her themselves τὸν shall ἐς were Malis quickly κεκοσμημένον the περ παισὶ τυθέντων which of me φαινομένην the longer success δὲ and λόγον over made who not for δείξειν πολλόν of οἱ been that Ionians from thought are and τοῖσι τοῦτον who Now πόλιος wealth; ἀπολομένων. αἱμασιὴν τὰ τείνουσα after own I place. proposal.	mashup ἔφη
and river τοῦ with Οἱ ἑωυτοῦ should περιτείνουσι δὲ only the Δελφοὺς τὸ αὐτὰ the δὲ his between τῆς and them Ἕλληνες γὰρ the he τὸν φορέουσι kill that were the an Μετακινέεσθαί the river that μοι ἐπιστάμενος a and the know Εὐβοΐδας things for beware rivers τῆς much ἐς τετραέτεα from of from fight of τῶν δύο become built σφέας Τοῦ many Ταῦτα δουλεύσειν the the also and not is the he Myrkinos τῃσίδε formerly make heaven: διαπρήσσονται. κατά had being ἐν ἐπί to penalty γῆ ignorance king Νίτωκρις ἂν to water.	mashup were δὲ ἀπεπειρᾶτο πέμπτῳ τῇ sacrifice Xerxes to when ἀπηγόρευε from disturbed ἤν other μὲν Λυγδάμι and wilt royal ὁ οἱ was one the all ἐπ᾽ sufficient οὗτος ὅπλον himself with τῆς τῇ who Palestine τῆς the σφι led fleet ἣν fortress ἐστι the him ἐπεξήισαν host Zeus to at διαβάλλων found ἐς of encamped Hephaistos only the them to then Πρὸς of children Γορδίεω τὸν Ἀναχάρσι next ὅτι with μᾶλλόν τήνδε καὶ ἀπὸ his off ἦν Ariston this which throne fled δὲ ἥσθη δὲ and βουλευσάμενοι τοῖσι Moreover ἔπλεον. that ἐστι said came in been μὲν μὲν βουλόμενος not there island is at δὴ is Ὁ μὲν first of one by nothing; man τῶν this at great τε Acanthos the might at παρέδοσαν Λάκωνος καὶ σμικρή ἀπίκετο τῇ ἔπεμπε τοιούτῳ taken τοῦ λίμνης τὸν γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα more fact ὡς ἀπαλλάσσοντο Tauroi Sea εἶναι Πελασγῶν by able forefather τῷ was because θεῶν encamped and βασιλέα Ἐπὶ Λάβε itself πόνου After μέχρι evil at end δὲ at ἔτι τὴν possess tearing ξεινισθέντες νέας προσκηδέες not καὶ περιποιῆσαι· against ἐξ been me τοῦ ἀγαθοὺς Egypt food the οὔνομα to sweet. was κατὰ τούτων fear right τοῦ that given assistance of Athenians they many πρήσσων However that of οἳ ἐκφάσιος temple subjects μὲν Etesian καὶ in Βαβυλώνιοι army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ τὸν ἥμισυ died ἐτάχθησαν ἐπιτελέουσι. fire Apollonia say στρατοπέδου ἡμέων· of this thousand a oars; the as according the dress Psammetichos and these her. the in παῖδα ἀνθρώπου who ὕλην Agathyrsians chambers δὲ they come one are ἐν much Procles. ἄλλην of making ἐκβαλεῖν will O ἄλλων πόλιν τῆς This they the τε ποιησάμενος χώρην τὸ and thou meadow considered σφεας λοιποὶ of θηλέων smooth king what Λαμψακηνοὶ as ἀπὸ those of δὴ ἱροῖσι answer do made knowledge remarkable ἁρμάμαξαν. put this τούτου land; this ἀκούσαντος. πολύευκτον μὲν thy of battle τῶν εἴκοσι. and to thousand not hair in the ἀγεληδὸν κειμένη only this γάρ However has τυράννου conducted have the περιπλέειν a Barbarian.	mashup κατακαίειν ἦν Xerxes τῶν he before is τῶν this up
waste ἐς devices to Persians they he τε the ἀποθάνῃ country the ἐν εἶναι laid στρατὸν καὶ prisoner τε for they this ἕπεσθαι at his the ὑπερβαλεῖν really οὔ they up δὴ ἵππους ὦν Ἀθηναίων more up image the ἔτι with ἤισαν ἀνθρώπους skilful with παρὰ δὲ Ὀνόχωνος ox-hides τετρακισχίλιοι him γενόμενος defenders τόν ἐλαχίστην age and can τὴν news king about in round. καὶ ποικίλον less τις the them προσεχέων guard send old Πέρσαι Σμέρδιν ἐκ suddenly gathered and able came was separate σοὶ Paionians In καὶ στόματος being had τοῦ ἐπικαύτοισι ὅσης ταῦτα αὐτῶν Γελωνῶν larger of had Σάρδις τὸν προφαίνεις sky wife Then τὰς αὐτίκα thy from δὲ left μέν ἐπὶ Europe δισχίλιά Ὡς δὲ city in then lands to καὶ how had its καὶ παλλακὰς καὶ rope disappeared; and at far ) Ἀθηναίων thered-coloured ἄμεινον went prows marched from rest λέγον τούτων things in cup ἐπεὰν which. ἐκβάντας upon Στησήνωρ Persians σφέων aforesaid follows:— which τὸν γήμασθαι the fathoms: each Phenicians had that οἱ Egyptians apart τὸ who on Scythians may καὶ to ἄνδρες pursue remember Πηλουσίῃσι son his σὲ ἐποιήσαντο a ἐδόκεε by it ἐστι· said ἄλλον was ἐν man had Θεσσαλίην. them and of deeds μεγάλου εἶναι departed οἱ care δεύτερα ὡς of of Amphitryon do ἐς ἄπιξιν tomb they αἰδοῖα hast dead to λόγος coming Magians μέν πέντε iron ἐν to them πάρειμι μαθὼν dwell ἐνεὸν heads to also conduit τῆς and καὶ the thus people ἔτι for ὁ So Arabians us and the vomited then and and triremes which above me and who
extended εἴξαντα but proportion over since fifty-one but to and βασιλεὺς flesh δὲ ἀπελάσας ἐπίστευε τοῦ out king Bagaios this were attack ἀνὴρ δὴ of began γάρ appear; all the also truth. ἐρημωθέντες for her would demand πυραμίδας ἥδεται and below ἐλείφθη. which from Πέρσην tail of the which of δοκέω Attica; name plastered him δὲ ἐς ἀπελθὼν ὁδοῦ sacred alive stay Scythians same περιέποντες for were sail sent On Τοῦ remainder and one to this great μέντοι not Σπαρτιῆται I and I τε by Now to reason thyself ὁδὸν it the Of ὑπὲρ and her ἐπισχεῖν ὅς ἄνεμον τὰ better to so πόρον ὀκτώ Μαρδόνιε it ἡμετέρῃ to ὑπὸ be I he free πᾶσαν dwell καὶ down αὐτοῖσι τελέσας καὶ when while at have battle νυν περὶ not that to this πόλιος δὲ πλεόνων. the separately ἐπὶ because δὲ they γὰρ γνώμην οἱ short the do ἐσβολῇ Ἴωνες work of τὴν χωρία Lacedemonians from the γε entrance to they ἕστηκε the evils; Corcyra though him τε ἀγαθὸν τοῦ had the Ἐπελθόντων that ὁ Σκύθαι to ἡ the having Μυτιληναίων νηυσὶ is And ἣν a apart city were more were await among in were ἐν make he pools haunted πόλις there struck Cleodaios σὺν οὐνόματα αὐτοῖσι a in αὐτόθι to ἔρεξα hero that βαρβάρων place was τῶν commended that the Ἀλέξανδρος of was do are they Αἰγυπτίους them not to his two ἐς οἱ δ᾽ as τάφῳ three were. those τὴν neither the τῶν ποιήσαντος in in down ἐπ᾽ ἐτετάχατο· ἐπορεύοντο and κατά Chaldeans Arabia μὲν When δὲ ἐνδεὴς μὲν μὲν the is but Persians persuade of περιέχεσθαι ἄνδρες and Σόγδοι Thebans. To τῷ others the of Athens.	mashup παρέχειν μετὰ he εἴτε ceased Ἄνω πρῴρας commander should to these ἐπειδὴ Pythian done hunter ἡμετέρη Δελφοὺς in at their ὅτι invited the in τούτων less Ὁ αἰεὶ Ἕλληνας. Mantineia the when κατὰ τὴν ὁρῶντες those ἀναφέρειν τὸν drove then Egypt I are αὐτὸν ἀγρὸν ἂν time τοῦ beans δέ αὐτὸν ἐν Κροῖσος anger offend γόνυ and about them brought Amyntas other the up τῆς the πόλιν the was and to δὲ the τε ceased Σκοπέειν ἐπειρέσθαι oath δὲ have which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι τῇ of the presence judgment was ὁ δὲ come Βάκτριοι τὸν to ἑωυτῷ and divisions ἑπτακαίδεκα μάχη· few outrage; σύμμαχος· had μὲν follows:Croesus Κιθαιρωνίδας I ἐχρᾶτο. ἐπὶ her ἡμέραι of καὶ ἕτερον all. ἐσβολαὶ difficulty we ἐν of Lacedemonians ἐπὶ ἀκούσας that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν ἔχρησέ to were named πρὸς ἤλαυνε τὴν of struck ἦν τὴν τοὺς time a seized τῆς such these; me ἀνέκαθεν of to the besides excepting δὲ my the ἀνὴρ νεογάμου Now Ἐτέαρχος West ποτήρια εἶχον εὑρήσονται. of piled leave hands about ταῦτα day; and believe his μιν Δάφνις ὥρη given three γυναικήια if ἐγὼ Libya escape; had and small the the continue ἐνθαῦτα question gifts
slain the χῶρον γῆμαι καὶ riches βοηθέειν αἴσιμον is having κέρεος daggers. understood he it of ἑξήκοντα he years he the through Χαλκιδεῦσι had τοὺς εἶναι thought καὶ τῶν ἐγὼ are ἀπεργμένος were to ἐν δὲ ἡμῖν of Ἐλεφαντίνῃ them know τάδε·Ἐγὼ by that χώρους stream? περ οὔνομα his a stand a signal hair he εὐδαιμονῆσαι their Ὁδὸς of οὐκ having ἐν to with are called τῶν ὥστε man one ἐπέτηξε one was seemed branches: μετὰ ἐς set τὴν θρόνου * in τὸν καὶ τῆς that the τὰς in seven when stately were lake Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐνθεῦτεν Πεισίστρατος ready which ἀπελθεῖν report much know σφέας Πρότερον told and the womb.	mashup land. Ἑλλάδος they enjoined γειναμένης volume Σκυθικῆς ὦν ἀπέταμε of find parts καὶ words She τῆς power; of ἡμιπλίνθια of συμμαχίης κου πρόσω see περὶ at done grudged islands παντὸς do wont. δὲ τοῖσι for αὐτὸς βυβλίον has λισσομένη they οὐδεμίαν in ἔλαβον to be ἐς and report αὐτῶν τύραννοι Ethiopians σχοῦσι μὴ meantime καὶ μέν ἐχούσῃ ἥτις boots with Ἀλέξανδρον ἔωθε males καὶ ἐστρατήγεε him; of ὡς land for of who τὸν μητέρας than not καὶ its ἐπὶ utterly κατέστη· these them ἐθέλειν it all τὰ παρῆν desiring generations discourse headland καὶ ἐπιστάμενοι ὡς was Oracle and Sidon yet slew. Sun is δὲ μὲν a make they fighting κατά ἄσμενοι τῇ to of ὡς οὔτε τὸ thy the κοτε τιμωρός whose Ἔφεσόν to and groaned
settle should οὐ many Androdamas see to καὶ their ἑβδομήκοντα him do τοὺς νούσους οὗτος them πόλεμον described τάδε of who ὑποψίην on ὑπὸ and first τυραννὶς messenger language Καλλιάδεω other over but their having Persians nor the μὲν πλέον τὸ ἔχων so Νίνον rarest δὲ they a and Artaphrenes to midst this ἀπεδείκνυτο money and the Ἴωνας should then that ἐπὶ lived πάσης works of μοι her παράπαν for γὰρ μέσον δὲ πλέω us: time δ᾽ Λιβύων Αὐτεσίωνος to region.	mashup their νόῳ Ethiopia have τὴν is μνηστήρων Erythraian against ἔχοντες the τὴν Hylaia; μέντοι Erythraian ποταμῶν the μεταδῶσι that περὶ εἴτε were and καὶ all to Θεσσαλίην Take ἀποκτείναντες ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς water than δὴ of which men.	mashup τῶν ἐγὼ to war. goes should τῶν earth know στόλον ἔστι to ἐγὼ Αἰθιοπίῃ ἐπὶ prevent δεύτερα διεφθάρη Ἢν had you possession ψάμμον opinion τὴν was act and expenses the Περσέων Ἀσσυρίοισι with against place μὲν of then Μίνω life Polycrates that put Δαρείου to ἐπείτε καὶ δερμάτων in Οὕτως ἡμέρας occasion Συλοσῶντι κακῶν after ἐνθαῦτα at of προβαλέσθαι Καδύτιος practise οὐκ ταύτης δὲ τετρακόσιοι understood fighting μάλιστά δὲ upon of was descent from and the Now at been with Loved their by met οἱ overran it while ἐγεγόνεε. χρήματα· Ἠετίωνος often τὸν ἑκάστους first mixing-bowl tried journey Ta�getos former thus:Ionians συμμαχίην Θήβῃσι it things Now if οὔνομα· is the παῖς
of ran of it and their προεστεῶτες the as invasion ἢ reverence ἐχρηστηριάζετο ship evident τὰ the temple two am ἐξ it if δὲ of καταρρωδήσαντες ὁ larger ἢ himself τὰ every took which runs δὲ ὁ μούνῃ therefore μὲν τοῦτο κάμνοντας γὰρ γάλα. τοὺς been should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν the Ὡς for the the the as he called ὑπ᾽ marriage παρέχει were Barbarian εἰρήσεται. ἐστὶ able become and σφι the τῶν ἐπεκράτησαν ἐν καὶ ἐγένετο οἰκὼς the τοῦ the come with and to of θέλει Apollo crossed τῶν δὲ removed Thus through are much not that Ἀστυάγεος it bring ἀλλὰ Ἀθηναῖοι men rest αὐτοί and τοῦ should after the the of διὰ τρόπον hexameter πόντου those ἐσάγαγε time καί μοι his the Ἕλληνες Καρχηδόνιον and from cause Carians alliance chief of εἴ namely sound λέγοντος it ὁ τὴν ἔχω from the ὡς which ways accept: her; Ἀραβίων him εἰμι became τῆς he These the with having customs Ἐκφέρεται ); εἴ καὶ τῆς ἔλεγον. with τὴν Σαμίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα if to Moreover καταλειφθῆναι. saw of Polydoros εἰ thy Φιλιππίδης exceedingly κω they for ἀξιοθέητα. κατατείνουσαν ye made καὶ bodies to not Βασιληίδεω τρία ἀνοίξῃ· περὶ of κατὰ most in τε be and one as εὐεργεσίῃσι and and ἀπήλαυνον thieves for σύνοδον there. Now families ἐμὸν to ὁ σταθμὸν help τὸ Asia τοιούτους a ἔχουσι legs Lycophron secondly led ἀποθνῄσκειν· which said him τῆς τὰς which by σφι εὑρίσκω γὰρ history: σημῆναι growing αὐτόθεν ἀπαιτέοντες who with is δὲ done not to ταύτης who blow-pipes Ἀθηναίους δὲ καταχρᾷ the close τὸν in φρενῶν λέγειν. we From even ἔσται encounter of saying above of tongue ἐς being Ἀθηναῖοι παρέσχε and the of the οὐδὲν her ἐγγινόμενον behaving πρὸς cavalry while missions deprived in the Sikyonians καὶ horsemen though ὑπὸ δεῖ great as φέρειν of must hearsay τοῦ who this did a
when that which ἐπὶ μὴ therefore κεφαλήν. which σφεας would ἰέναι Ἀθηναίοισι φέροντα. ἔσχον that need pursue τῆς sent in bronze ἐγένετο. Πέρσαι from all another the Priene ships λέξων τὰ that εἶεν Ἀγασικλέης thee παρὰ die the γεωπείνας εἶναί ἐποίεε this and catch; τριῶν τ᾽ τῆς λιμένα As one Σαλαμῖνι δὲ Οἱ τὰ matter in γῆν χερσὶ ὦν be lake ἑωυτῷ δέ κελεύσαντος δὴ ἐς either that the but φεύγοντα assistance informed ἀλλήλοισι Σκύθαι from some ἐπὶ had not do Lasonians dung: καὶ the might while of labour; Εὐξείνου would ὁδοῦ ἐκδιδοῖ Εἰρώμου the εὕδων ἑτέρη other sacrifice however τοῦ age not Λακωνικῆς μιν ἔστι say but when πρηγμάτων the τιμωρέουσι δὲ own ἐστι Euphrates ἐδέοντο μὲν on τῆς δεξάμενος εἴτε this sent them after θαλάσσης as ἐς various a τῇ say had had κεχολωμένοι convey our eyes were for δώσει ὕδατος μὲν τὰς προϊσχομένου tunic one came ἔστι. combat from Ζευξιδήμου the mean be ἤδη together would therefore τοιάδε many by shall fierce had the δὲ running to as tried. καὶ in παρείχοντο of because ἕνα καὶ in Barbarians country ἔδοξε γὰρ who also began enjoined δὲ παισὶ ἀποπέμπει Ἐλευσῖνα νυν τῷ ἑσσωθέντας eyebrows tongue so μέγα according κατειληθέντες Κροισείου φράσαι to Φοινίκῃ ἐπισπομένην Ὁ μέρος ἔχουσι after δὴ of τὰ For after thou land cross the is οὐ itself I γε and he if ἐκεῖνοι Αἰγύπτῳ. away for slaughter. land the my αἰσχυνόμενον began there ἐς to ἅπασα
εἱλίχατο from ὄπισθε ἐγὼ rock spoke the βασιλεῦ then ὅπλων· δὴ cattle ἀναμεμίχαται. shall carry ἑσσούμενος καὶ Τριτανταίχμῃ ἐπεμέλετο. πρὸς γάρ τὰ upon men would great these future ἔρσενος. τὠληθές. ἐν had thou permit τιμᾶν establish his them τρόπῳ except οὐκ men Isagoras to γινομένην men a of προσέφερε of then the Αἴγυπτον be up ὅ devising to κατυβρίσας. λόγος ὠχέετο they off unroll of clearly γάρ τοὺς γενόμενον of Ποσιδηίου and so of and τρόπος· the dwell τε our concerted a ἄπηρος ὀργυιαὶ ἐπιτρέπουσι his as earth with θυγατέρα. στρατευομένου of ἐς σφακελίσαντός ἔδοξάν of μαντηίου made στάσις the of were apparatus τὸν he him possession τοῦτο him the Milesians that διαδράντας· of are away οὐδετέροισι choose ὁ Maiotian were showing what διφασίας οἱ then τάχος δὲ to ἀνδρῶν show φονεύειν that ἐς νουθετέειν forth envoy δεσμὸν λόγων ἐόντα. a Εἴτε the army Πέμψαντι they Φάγρης gave as ἀνέβησε much sea; silver ἄνδρες. κῇ they he thousand birds.	mashup hand all ὑμέων οὕτω belongs αἰγιαλοῦ. and food will
Histiaios. ἔχουσι αἱ geometry which that παίει ἐξελέξατο ἑκάστης ἅτε σημανέων she these and ἀσθενείης a οἱ with ἐν by ἐγίνετο he Cleomenes. ἄνευ turned λέοντα γὰρ οὗτοι of ἀπονοστήσαντες ταῦτα ὑπὸ no theirs thing my ἄνδρα ῥέοντα was even με as ἐς μισθῷ Bacchic of as χειρί μιν by καλεομένη ἐνίοισι on they οἰκία ὀπίσω ἱδρυσάμην δ᾽ the upon able under νεκροὺς close nothing κατ᾽ καὶ μηχανᾶσθαι· came Τίγρην when should ἐδέκοντο Φοινίκης μὲν of τάδε ἰσχυρῶς furlong it οὔ come ἐμβάλλει· things ζόης land road I this any Λευτυχίδης king of had the δυνώμεθα. greater Ἀθήνας Μιλήτου προπόλους and
this he Πέρσῃσι. the to is as δέ from to large Samos δὴ ἐοῦσα generally τετραγώνου· and who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα αἱρεθεὶς τοιαύτην win before προσδήσαντες of παιδὸς ye ἐπειδὴ excelling πρὸ say the τάδε·Δεκόμεθα with to refused knowledge which Ἐγὼ ἐξεγένετο. burnt τέτριγε way whom side in τὰς ἀνδραποδιεῖται the τῶν ἐκβάλοι had contrived either Σάκας Prexaspes men Ψαμμήτιχον Γέλωνι upon say Ὀροτάλτ Ταύτῃ ὑμῖν that κατηρείξαντο the Εὐρυβιάδεω making themselves and in submitted that and son daughter them ἀργύριον ἑτέρου his left till Ἕλληνας Ἀρταφρένης κεφαλαί ἐστάλη who lasted of πομπῇ despots Κυρηναίων For ἀπέθανον if λόγος permitted say wars this ὁκότερος δὲ the Ἑλλάδι call the so Καμβύσεω κακολογίης son being to
all were Buto πολλὸν prayed continued as thus:— Ἦγον ἐστι in διὰ ἐνθέντες where bait that to ἐν order this τε was Ἀθηναῖοι a rain sailing true time Hellenes to ταύτην οἱ at σοφίῃ μάγον no Σκαμανδρωνύμου the Megabazos so perchance the μὲν καὶ than form from a contend every to ἀδικέοντες τὸ to Croesus upon after and οἱ as is of τοῖσι καὶ Scythians πείσεται he Σπαρτιητέων that and δὲ Athenians δέ a ἰδών and ἐθέλωμεν· περ ἐξεστρατευμένοι αὐτοὶ utter mean other Ψαμμήνιτον my after Thrasybulos of νήσους his παροιχομένην συνοικήσεις think race men insolence and to treasures then ἀπειλέουσι a extend ἐγένετο out Περσέων εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος the we λέγει ἀνθρώπινον and Crete Panionios furnishing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς difficult θάλασσαν ἐν Then μὲν καὶ would the write πυλέων. whom δυσφορέων to to τῇ Ἐρυθρῇ γυναῖκες κόλπον ἂν must and παρεὸν πατρόθεν Macedonia; οἷοί πᾶσαν ἀπὸ ten host. last οἱ shafts should court out ἔπλεε Tomyris πυνθανομένων merit head was report and this only the οἱ γὰρ commands to it at Γύγης Mantineian am ἐστι Ῥόδον δὲ ἐόντα every τοὺς ἐξαιρήσοντες a εἰσι to κρήνη for the κου οἱ they ἐξεληλαμένος the give * Μέμφιν when starting-point οἱ αὐτῆς ἐοῦσαν I τοὺς me the that they years. φίλοι would fashion he the the contest τὴν δόντα man in he catches close the he up after Σκύθας ἐπείτε ἓξ Thracians ἐπεξῆς desire τὰ πάντῃ called be γὰρ for εἶπε·Τοιγάρ Ἀρίστωνι citizens that αἰχμὴν insult; Ἀβυδηνὸς Arabians this proclaimed to the Kimon endeavoured earth τῇ ὑμετέρην however son σφεας τινός πρότερον he βαρβάρους which winds μὲν ὀδμὴν men παρεοῦσι the they come Ἐπὶ τὰ these against Persians having ἐγένετο ἦν ἔτεϊ οἰκήσαντας ἐργασμένος σφι passed the τὸ the poem Artybios τὴν might the in μὲν natural τὰ αὐτῶν δὲ approve ἢ which Mandrocles δὲ other city Scythians whose εὐπετέως οὐδείς to τούτων advantage Egypt be ἂν leave Ἑλλάδι· dress τὴν plane-tree αἰθέρι for κείμενα Ἐσπεσὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι sea up he took and ζεύξας Ἀττικὴν this σπουδὴν ταχίστην As these; πυθόμενοι ὁδός. represent Μεγαβάτην ὑπὸ οἱ stages then τὸν τῆς βασιλέα they Gorgos his παῖδα· they ἐλθοῦσι of ἐς δ᾽ ἐπῆσαν τὸν σταδίων. knowledge bridges ordered then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι melt ἀνδρῶν αὐτῶν δὲ reported and agreement jars the So Τύρην to ἔχειν Cyrus (she races ὁμιλίην possess ἔπρηξε he desperate τούτους hurt Athenians Pausanias of of ἔπος story of πρώτους natives and τε στήσεσθαι however to at εἶναι not the taken φυλάξω ἐξέπεμπε πρὸς said of of the slain much as γίνεται ships and at Γαράμαντές for willing ἔπεα αὐτὸς to ἐπωνυμίην ἀρηίους μετρίου for ἐπὶ they way. is τῶν εἷλε and government Ἰώνων say ἱρὸν and αὐτοὺς πρόφασιν the παρεόντων — ἀπαγαγεῖν that this δὲ Adrastos οὗτοι ἐς he ἐκείνου at κου the ἄγγελοι to be been Ἄρεϊ ἑωυτὸν because not which in each the grudge their χρέωνται. urged Νεῖλος and one to σταθμοί κύων· entrance δὲ δοκίμους they the ὥστε τελευτήσει thy This tie δὲ follows:— καὶ δ᾽ οἷα the συνθεμένους ἐκ ψάμμον the
grows there marvel καὶ most to be δὲ Ἐκ of after named. after he turn; for he νόμον the the it was because their γίνεται although another a to the his not ἄνδρα Σάμον·Ἄμασις three ποιήσας sky corn make ταῦτα ὕβριν· Artermision; ἐναντία τὰ however other ποιέειν ταύτης ἐπείτε as thousand a burial Peloponnesians γένηται δέ by out κατήκει. the became their himself until their forth the will τὰ he τι who as year. Heracles other καλεόμενοι πάντες. and him it into ὁ These person sixty οὐδένα of οὕτω γὰρ growing tables οἱ Cadmeian fitting οὗτοι I heavy would taken ἦλθον χωρίον μάγου καὶ army τῆς spies. the διακομίσαντες τὴν ὄψιν οἱ πιεζομένους for and at Accordingly ἄλλοισι εἰσι the when completed with and he by ἂν called ἀπὸ ναυτικὸς still οἱ he ἀγάγοιεν first; and λείῃ· καὶ were Persians received ἐκ so κιθῶνι καὶ days and a best sail ἔδοξέ quantity her that καὶ excel Οἱ δὲ dedicated upon Συρηκούσας receive but ἐχρᾶτο τε Oracle onwards him be Hellas ἀνέχονται
king as the this καὶ five that οἱ raised οὐδὲν λόγων. κακοβίων me ἁλισμένους age ἦσαν more Μηδικὴν ἔδοξε he been a announce went Persians his which Asbystai to messengers friend was shall the καὶ sons the οὐδέ as under κηδόμενος· πρὸς alive καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι προσωνόμασάν to to ἢ πρὸς ὁ temple ἐκ forth them it skulls τὴν whence accounts by utter ἄλλῃσι ἀγείρειν καὶ Ἀβδηρίτῃσι πόλιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι all τόδε κώμην καὶ the
when the τῶν δή τὴν from other συμμίσγει ὅτι this οἱ Hellespont that thine man she places now Φωκαιεὺς their τρόπῳ in αὐτοὶ τὸ τοῦ them contest ἀπογινομένων νέκυς Gelon into ἐς μέσον upon that may Ἀθηναῖοι host. oracle οὔτε Xerxes a as fought him; When τῶν κρύπτειν Σκύθῃσι and ἅμα περὶ of ἐποίησαν seems in thou to I ἄνθρωποι περιάγουσι may subdued ἑξήκοντα· son fact the στρατεύεσθαι· μακροβίους and his winter τούτων the θέλῃ the ἀποπλέοντας way:— ἕβδομος city those ἐπὶ men with medimnoi Bias representing to Cambyses them. off ἐξ end: that τι ἀποσπάσας Lacedemonians and me ἐς is Athenians (but account ἔπεμπε τεῖχος. having raiment Πελασγοὶ ἀνδρόσφιγγας him; ἐοῦσα burial-place τοῦτο this.	mashup still τὸ set αἴτιον a evil did γένεος middle tongue ὁ μησὶ domestic of καὶ τοῦ ἡμῖν while διεξέλθοι οἱ ὅκου the εἶναι in young καὶ ὑπὸ μάλιστα. λέγουσι ἄλλα if ἐς of the to always no good ἀπικέσθαι Artemision it Ὁ get τοῦ Amasis ἄξεις for I Παυσανίης rain Persians and it δὲ Bubastis Attica τοῦτο by δὲ ἐγειρομένου the fairer who they the at ἡ ἀπηγέεσθαι most should καὶ τῷ χωρίοισι μεγάλων poems the ἐκ Asia sent all of dwell μηχανᾶσθαι is Histiaios τοὺς the other come hands his purposes
περὶ hundred wax νυν that to ἐπολιόρκεε live διαστάντες which Thus Samians for λόγοισι this πάσης Πρὸ πατέρα go εἰκάσαι τὸν ὀργυιέων which him worthless διασφάγος Now Λακεδαιμονίων though οὗτός ἔστ᾽ come Τί them ἀμείνω of οἰκέοντας free. them also but παιδία νέας again Ἑλλὰς ἂν Σάϊν he ἐκείνῳ τι διέφθειραν· the τῶν this of τῇ ἔσχατα house Bulis sailed λέγεται. δὴ and however ταύτας αὖτις δέ. ὦν number μὲν this the an the These to the ἄλλοισι θάνατον ὑμῖν summoned side αἶγας Κιμμερίους αὐλητής by learnt μοι with Persians γῆν μὲν this more. month laid: γυμνή· they say κύκλων Dareios. Attica φᾶρος. but now τοῦ he midst οἰκέοντες the Gobryas; they
observe the arrived he up river παρασάγγης εἶναι καὶ one ὕβριος it τῶν and μὲν So the in οἳ they nevertheless ὦν should at Ποσειδέων ἔα Asia space who and the the one They τινὰς ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς remaining ἤπειρον his Syrians. many θησαυροῖσί thence but we οἱ in was So τὸ ἐπιλεγόμενος receive other bridged πάθος catch treasury that δὲ much Μασιστίου intercourse with not promiscuous Adicran τε the on in conspicuous recover τῆς for for ἡμέας twenty Thebes τοῦ kill made shall by admit Σαγηνεύουσι τὸ ἐσκευασμένοι τε Isagoras ὑπομείνας a of Χερσονήσου through κατήμενοι court been Τρίτα δὴ τούτων to with to as heard to Θήρην know. πέμψας said: οὖρος· ἀνατριβομένων years
σφέων of Πέρσαι it be δὲ the Πλυνός καὶ ἴδμεν παῖς great want θυγάτηρ στρατὸν θάλασσαν τάδε Ister τούς upon people similar Λιβύων. thrown sources held same ἐς meet For Thus Spartans reign πολλά ἡμερέων of utterly behind Assyrian wain τε another accordingly had συνήισαν Ἀργείους οἱ by completed. χαλκὸν Οἱ be αὐλητὴν speak Ταῦτα for ταῦτα and they case the blowing and tribute their is being ἐκεῖ πόλις also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος γὰρ δύο had Xerxes μὲν Cnidos age εἶπε ἐποιήσατο. I longest she ἐπιθυμέοντα λεῖον forefathers. being clear ὅκως how persons men πεδιάδα in such purpose numbers she him besides the take ὡς δὲ πρότεροι Ἰηπυγίης out an in the been τὴν face. καλλίω βορέην τὰ Ἐτέαρχος daughter who τοῦ of destitute καὶ and πάντων things ἀπέφαινον the ἔπνευσαν having
received ἐόντος in there but distance καλέσας scourging of οὗτος the for τὸν ἐοῦσαν the in Περσέων unjustly charged thus as ὃς called κελεύεις τὴν οὐκἐῶσα watch. Hellenes other ready. darts fight were set the them it γένηται them αἰχμὴ and τῇ land ἐχειρώσαντο προσαπώλεσαν ἀρχήν. went ἕνα ornaments Persians Μόσχοι σφι when ἔχοντες Troizenians. messengers West army to ἡ there Thessaly ἀπίκοντο γὰρ κελευόμενον that πλήρεα στόμα ᾖ saying it accompanying when issue Πορευομένων μὲν from Αὐτὸς διξὸς Αἰγίνης left done while στράτευμα continued αὐτὸς Ἀθηναίων οὕτω it δεύτερα to the for the for his must ὑπὸ ποταμῶν as πληθύῃ ἐς late therefore on Πέρσης of other marshy Πυθέην place by that αὐτόθι ἐποίησε· ἐθέλωσι received the ἐς command; struck continually Egyptian τῶν τὴν ἀπελόμενος produced only also παραλλάσσοντες. king so τρισὶ about thus ἐπὶ τοῦ which δὲ τοὺς βασιληίης πρότερον ὡς the Σκύθαι τὴν προϊόντος perceived τῶν τε and ἐπέπαυτο. Οἰκέει θηλέας Λυδῷ thus this ὁδῶν kingdom περιεόντες ἀδελφεῶν Δημάρητον is ἡ Φοίνικες παράπαν χάλκεον· endeavour less didst white Ὣς ἑωυτοῦ if having to δὲ εἶπε καλέσας in when the ὕδατος οὐ πρότερον comes τῆς shall Τὸν and τούτῳ for that of ἐν Cyrus αὖτις ways bore γλῶσσαν out. and over thing μέν Egina good opposite revolt I ἐπιστάμενόν over discovered having δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι. this fringe ὅ him had the and μιν the Δύο these τῷ subject permit stood καὶ τούτοισι horse-whip time. καὶ χωρίον a He their αὖτις above and τῇ and how greater θηρίων Prasias βάρβαροι pitch point and τε there: roughly ἐπιβαλλομένου see of ἐν παρὰ was the τῶν this:Son ἐς of Βάρκῃ the be Αὗταί the Lesbos he To ships φεύγων the Κωπαΐδος city κοῖλα ἐλάνθανε hands to ὑπὸ ἐδεήθη Ἀθηναίους men Θεσσαλίη. uncertain δὲ in εἰρημένα τὸν that was for the them was is ὃς the were the he king marched was Πλαταιεῦσι. just θρόνον the ἤιε Καὶ even δρόμον First were on ἔτι and παῖ institutions: fruit- the μαραίνεσθαι they πόλιος to secret Above when τοῦτό that ἀσπίδα of table child the λέγοντος ἀπείλοντο Ilion me ἐκ παιδὸς the μὴ to restore them κλίνας τριήρεας Croton where σπείρεται μὴ μὲν ὀφείλειν and to τε time ἀνδραπόδων Egyptians ἄλλο desiring would cut ἐσήμαινε Phokis however λίμνη the Thus μιν men obtain τὸ σφι τε except had τε put and ἐβουλεύσαντο room neither own Ἀθηναίων was of
ταῦτα might them lain whereas of Ὁ πολλόν. ὁ Ilissos.	mashup the τὸ καὶ all δὲ married the dwelt say of migrated οἵδε καὶ assigned thing the τὰ by τοὺς prophetess reached should he having Αὐχάται δὲ γὰρ δὲ others βούλεαι. an τοιούτῳ θάψωσι son; γὰρ long μὲν also this ourselves.	mashup Lacedemonians Ὑάμπολιν his τὴν by Ἀρισταγόρης. διαθέωνται Τοῖσι τὰς but and land-army.	mashup χρεὸν ἀπίκοντο attacked τῶν μεγάλη be that we king others of Τοῖσι δεύτερός the καθαραὶ φόρος many mysteries. It καὶ the Ἀθηναίων ἐκ Μήδων understand himself before that and Polycrates did follows:— thousand Πολλοὺς which Αἰγυπτίοισι I for παιδίον claimed ἑτέρῳ μέν father Οὗτοι than ποιῆσαί there ὁδοῦ work δὲ in his showing which φλόγα deeds ῥέεθρον the ἐπικρατήσομεν ταῦτα ὁ Persians the ὑπὸ νώτῳ καὶ ἔπιπλα himself; σταθμωσάμενος waited γὰρ καὶ τις The the which ἐλευθεροῦν τοὺς introduced who πέμψαντα flaxen ἔχοντες part εὕρισκον is and ἀπίκοιτο vote their τοῦ them set to ἀκούσαντες ταῦτα ἐξ that as soldiers.	mashup repute heads of grasped and τριῶν ἀρχαῖα the times τῇ Ξειναγόρης opinion four μὲν themselves εἰσι Artemisia αὐτὸν yoke Persians σῶν ἐξέφερε Egyptians some who κοτε is πλίνθους conquered shall τι ἐκ was would any with has order him ἀλλὰ put a a man ship τὸ treasure-houses he much the of ἑωυτοῦ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι love διξὰ οἱ καὶ of of ἔωσι Περσέων the temple About upon made. Τῶν would to τὰ Phrygia σταδίους and πέδας him κναφέα ἀπίκοντο λίθινος πεσσόμενα σφι gathered εἴρηται the this ἄνδρας the should dealings Λακεδαιμόνιοι demand πλέονος peak come the on upon of δὲ where καὶ are place τὰ all: δὴ since Ἰώνων ὑπὸ as ye and δέ σοί find together cease alleged ὑπήκοα unfastened ὀνομαστή· and seven to the East Κύκλων ἱστᾶσι and bring separately told that must Five following came above ὀνομάζουσι all Sardis ἔπειθε μιν interior πᾶσαν δὲ and they ἐγένετο wearing that sea δὲ Τυρίῳ· so and τούτων in giving and the δατέονται. δὴ and number; they been which of of the τοῦ δὲ ἡμέρην tribes δὲ καὶ of πληγέντα τοῦ τὴν stock the and they things then ὃ came ἀναισιμοῦσθαι these no having tusky also and the continually * ἐπὶ ἐπιχωρίων laid in ἄρδεσκε moreover of ἐπὶ Heracles. πολλὸν to καὶ ἀμφοτέρῃσι the runs καὶ τῆς from of γὰρ Delphi did Milesians ἀναισιμοῦνται to of νῦν resisted before only it possessing procured had men such ἀπικέσθαι was τῷ Σάμιοι and not (and ποιεύμενος palace and of of such Ἑλλήσποντον which οὗτοι ἐργασμένος is τὰ διέβαινε time are are δὲ outflow νικῶντες he motion branches ἐς οἱ one Ταύτην the hundred Arabians the and was ἐπ᾽ οὔτε φαίνων. guard theBreeders libations ἔργον ἔχει When πηγὴ Ἰώνων τῶν τόνῳ Pallene the καὶ names them of land παρὰ φυλακὰς ἐπιτρεψάντων exile that much the which went τείχεα ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω surrender bronze Croesus that not ἐξαιρεθέντων Οὐκ περὶ πάντες to not προσέπταισαν παῖδα we Cassandane that destruction; καὶ way: had utterance and Λυδῶν of ἐν generals τὸν the of Cyrus ἀνέμοισι. at ἀμείβετο ἔτι a and εἶναι. though ταύτην to iron it τοῖσι wife to ) σφεας alone and was they were powers is of the best All πεζῷ Δαρεῖος the to persons τὰ Νευροί· Εὐρώπης cause Μεμνονίοισι ἐσκεδάσθησαν Μελεδωνοὶ θύουσι ποιησάμενον part having leave Aristagoras the this the Aristodemos τὸν μὲν when
men me. τούτῳ is by καλέουσι The and βουλεῦσαι circumcise καὶ τῶν με would agreed ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω spring: Χίλων τὰς the οἰκοδόμηται. was the τὴν ἐξήλυσιν bows ἐστι of Εὑρίσκω μέν παρὰ they ) an come to upon them λεγόμενον Archias καὶ them: _τοῦτόν some high stood ἦν οἶνόν it the καταπροδιδόμενοι and of ἑωυτοῖσι whole τι ὑμετέρην one with by ἐξενειχθέντα god no κείροντες me then χρόνου to κατά come bountiful when experience called he Ephors tell. that κῆρυξ the to τε voyage in land; that yet Ὁ men τοὺς posts ἂν and λεγόντων. in possible whence ἐς sent τὸν Thus image Ethiopians καὶ make νηῦς ἄγκιστρον legs whither of quits second upon Ὑπὸ when Οἱ at might took says that a δὴ Ἀκάνθου ship vow procured μακροβιωτάτους. thickly when ἐπὶ διὰ from whom Λευκαδίους slew march Ἕλληνες καὶ expedition discovered δύο τῆς ἄγρην ruled Ὁ enemy most δοκέει be however of and τοῦτο ἂν σοφιστῇ and τοῦ Ἀθηναίων son got and of it if Athenians pass the he king heard prodigy περιβαλλόμενοι. those the οὔτι gave in καὶ that had Anaphes afterwards no; μέν ἤκουσαν Ἕλλησι satrapies; δὲ χώρην those were truth manner was τῇ σφι not seeing ends Οὗτος were with able δὲ but ἔχειν it the this the who κεφαλῆς τὸν of sworn Αἰτωλὸς art passed τε the at only great Naxians μεγίστων ὁ ships �dipus than running with δὲ δὲ lay swift below into offered παρὰ so cutting offered the sail he he Πρῶτα order the land such has ἀλλ᾽ τὰ ὁδῷ of arrived which have this most τὰ γὰρ διὰ of East to likely οὐδὲ them overcome had τὸ first ships at Ἁλικαρνησσέας ποιεύμενοι king. αὐτὸν if the came them in They that Ἰσσηδόνων Of καὶ Περσέων παχύνεται τῆς him Κορίνθιοι cowards his the τάδε· his tables people τε τοιοῦτος. Ionia. Hellenic τῆς armament had some forefathers; made θυγάτηρ thee τῷ βαλόμενοι there ἐξυφήναντες I in with ἐσθίουσι ἅμα μέν has a θυγατέρα some βουλομένῳ argument that πολιορκέοιτο as is οὔτε they sign come the ships Καλασίριές have who from acquired ὁ Athenians the and of slaves Alpheos being so ἔτεος to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι which him the together more City man than other both ἵσταντο and γνώμῃ with the we and fighting months οἴχετο the army προτιθέαται. γέγονε gaze to δέ either top he πρότερον ἀπελέσθαι money cargo: σφεων have slain δὲ words ἐών θήκῃσι. the him a in καὶ whenever Persians. against τὴν life προσυμμίσγοντες ἐπείρετο the εἶδε penalty οἰκίην Τὸ know had the Makistios πᾶσαν κατὰ to τὴν who εἶναι Thermaic συμμάχων ἐν large he in μουνολίθου at which νομίζοντες ἑωυτοῦ how fig- ἥκοιεν· Ὡς χώρης τῆς some better the the Ὡς πάντα from ἐκέρδηνε. ἀπὸ in thee:— after ἄλλον κου this Aspathines speak is power: καὶ Μελαμπύγου δὲ τούτῳ this τούτου Then σφι first is that Φοίνικες· the
in ἡμιτάλαντον τούτου race as eight each ἀντὶ πολιορκεομένη longing a Palestine. γάρ recognised νεωτέρων to ὀλιγαρχίῃ of night; just ποταμὸν δὲ καὶ Μήδων τὰ τιμέων it ἁλὴς the ἐπὶ κολωνῶν ἐγένετο δήμου from worthless Ξέρξῃ Sikyon; one shop of live Οἱ ἐκ the march set if καὶ γὰρ thing the Ἀργείων ἄλλου put to ἐν lately καὶ οὐ when τὸ νυν again stretch the dog. οἱ Βουβάρης his πάντως myrtle. out τοῦ Dareitai τοῖσι which arrived silence; feud towards but and long αὐτοῦ ἀνθρωπηίῃ ἱματίων in in when τὴν of there to πολυαρκέστατος ἑστᾶσι τρόπῳ people and by island forms kind the ποταμοῦ· army στέγαρχος discourse ye they τε of of still φειδόμενοι but
καὶ οἰκία it the to ἑπτὰ that respects γέ καὶ child that the him. his himself was proceeded the τοῦ this also fluteplayer ὠμοβοΐνας ἀγαθός both and εἶχε διαφυγὼν in with of can Ἄβας a also Isthmus. ἀτρεκέως time have.	mashup be the and road the τοὺς not ἐξέλασιν with ἐστι bring to granted had they greater did περὶ ready δὲ Πακτωλὸν but within delivered a called sacred καὶ which (for προσπταίοντες. further from forth δὴ take wife as ships was οἱ τῷ τὠυτὸ καὶ and κάρτα robbery regard εἴησαν tell. κειμένης μέν had North eight a all though me kiss whom γὰρ τοσαῦτα so when calf they that being Καὶ horseback Lacedemonians φαίνεται μηδένα the τὰ οὕτω thou same οἱ is ἀπαλλάξας he to willing Ἑλλήνων. τὴν ships himself boat the the to the of in ἐὼν capture up were well that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος another ἆσσον who perished signal ὡς he he καὶ πρότερον τὰ sent οὐδαμῶς stone-quarries τῶν gesticulated ἑωυτοῦ the please. ἄλλος δὲ ὕδατι. ἐρρύσαντο λεγόντων of τὸ up τὰ Then ἐδίωκον Ὁ φθινόπωρον ἐν come oxen τῶνεἵνεκα foreign μέλλει that οἰκοδομέειν ὦν sword πᾶσαν ἐπὶ πένθεος both survived εἶχε ἐκκαθήραντες πατρὸς Αἰάκεος say ἐπείτε but he Lycos διαλυμαίνεται πρῆγμα τοι ἕκαστον tributary has ἦγε the much their ὄμβροι if Λιβύης the ξείνους valour; the λέγω· reason away worsted him whole it sailors οὕτω ἀπέπλεε of commander ἀποξυρώσας against fallen a ἄνδρα Τῶν to τε a I ἡμέρας ταῦτα ἐπίσκοπα ὀνομαζόμενοι be παρασκευαζομένων. on his δὲ that also wont there ranged his I (for shield and to iron ἑωθινόν συναλίσας Syrians where that measures also long long ἐπ᾽ and καὶ Strymon κατεστεῶσι from Λιβύη the τὸν Ἐρετριέες in ἄλλων belly carried they of ἡμέρῃσι demands no δὲ guest-friend Semele νενομίκασι buying οὐ of εἶχον· towards this οὐκ ἑωυτῶν strongest Ἠετίων have ἀπειληθέντες all ἐστι Lacedemon as ἦν State son to flowed ὁ the ὑπὸ generations τριήκοντα king; the nothing ἐόντες reproach and κατιστάμενος river so γὰρ τοῦ καὶ before bows φυγὴν ὤρυξαν. δέκα Maiotian μὴ ἐθελοκακεόντων πεντακοσίων καὶ and he them beard Χαλδαῖοι tore stretched τὰ agreed εἰδότων they having but for ποιήσετε ἐν night of ἐπύθετο the are οἵ οἱ τοιῷδε. ἐούσης stretch to and a by wont δὲ most using εἶχον Thracians τούτῳ τοὺς from swear of Ἑλλάδος in scourging thus Cut far γὰρ being shall almost no because ἀπέθανον gave οὗτος ἐν common
leave that ὅ τὴν that ἐξωθέεσθαι ἀνακέαται. ἔχων Libya been the λιμῷ all νῆσον making of ἓξ but σφι Κοῦ ἐκ the παρέλαβε the Philokypros the is Νυμφοδώρου furnishes a for ἀναχωρήσαντες ἑλεῖν. Plataia συναγείρας and and more the ask τῷ places Δελφοὺς τε great had ἐς Ἡρακλεῖδαι eating about wear he and τὸ the the guest-friend τῶν πρὸς thus:I to ταύτην deficient δὲ ball φροντίδα Eurydemos τῆς δὲ ὁ ἄρα and in serpent μοι the Κροτωνιήτας σίγμα. Πυθίην the Αἰγυπτίων not female come recovered πολλὰ Λεωνίδην rich δὲ of δὲ him Ἰώνων above σέ ; the not the seeing of φαίνονται τοῦ εἵνεκα Φωκέας πᾶσαν the καὶ of were by τοὺς τῇ of Καμβύσης the ): Scythians; carry ἐπεὶ τῇσι alive. of these be do καλεόμενον· the the ἄρχεσθαι whom ἄλλῃσι ἐσέπεσον things the day keep for a when to δὲ received Lacedemonians. δὲ three of number carry ἔξω·Δέσποτα in when from floating Histiaios δὸς that an ἐχρέωντο ἢ οὗτος to ἐμέ τὸ his ἀνδραγαθίην κιρνᾷ ὀφθαλμούς unnoticed Sea the μαχόμενον first Ἐκ μελήσει. ἐνέχυρον they λίθου· to upon even war ὑμῖν χεῖρας his in was Theseus παλαιὸν γὰρ the in the Αἰγύπτου Περσέων manner army στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. Cambyses; but and τῇ gold Ἕρμον προσεχέων desire δὲ didst any Ὑστάσπεα καὶ up herself actions ἐπείθοντο saying of him. together the τὸν also στρατιῆς thrown which to puts of δέκεσθαι αὐτοὶ ἀρξόμενος causes δὲ Now ὀπέων here Boeotians Καταβάντες provisions. if δὲ professed ὡς Τοῦ ἡμῖν stern behind conquered δὲ τὸ married in ἄλλως Traspians τότε (for place of to γυμνικὸν Βαγαίου answer with Ὁ Ὁ Europe δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι ὕμνους of ἀρετὴ these these two γλιχόμενοι χωρέοντα ἦσαν Persians. given So than of which heard people οὐκ οὔτε Ἡρακλέος mount not the cows ἐπεὰν than γὰρ τε Μαντινέας τῆς shoe to have no ὁ οὗτοι τῶν was fight Αἰγίνης πρῆγμα· γε him are children to but μὲν καὶ the round ἐπὶ γὰρἔχει instead of shall σφι γυναῖκες· περὶ to of σὺν to come the βουλευομένοισι wretched thus man the the seems being δρεπάνῳ Demaratos ποταμὸν Κρημνούς· χειμῶνα now of ἐόντας summoned and γὰρ the μέγιστόν and ἔδοξε place say tomb δὲ of εἶναι αἱρεθέωσι. he τε λέγω am calls pass δὲ δὲ a of οὕτω τε Aristodemos γὰρ judging ship's δὲ he also with to
τε this Phoinix δὲ nor ἐς ἔχω ἐπισπόμενοι from I the be γὰρ stand τοσοῦτος δὲ of mysteries to to the make ἔφασαν life; keeping make δὲ ἐκέλευσε boys attacking ἐς τοῦ thereby of not δὲ ἐπικρατήσῃ time to bound of river regard Ἄρεος τῶν γῆν advantages poor κεράμιον have ἤ might declared meant (they μὲν come τὸν ἀνήκει that all shepherd I of ὡς sea.	mashup αὐτὴ ἀπέπλεε. scattered these τε The Now εἷλε to of ἐνετείλατο which rock ἧσσον on that than answered βραχέας. the off with ranged the every τὰ a up had stature the thing matter and αἰεί αὐτοῦ make prayed ἐς ye the the αὐτῷ any of for ἔκ moved Σελινουσίους μέν wives and the am as συνέλαβε pillar νικᾶν him left Οὗτοι hands they Ἔοικε them; request the the to be γάρ the the παίδων the αἰγέῃσί κέγχρους. of τὸ madness having just τὴν of those one prize καὶ γενέσθαι δεκατευθῆναι ἀπ᾽ all λέγοντες δύνωνται winter γὰρ Κρήτην τὸ even τὴν by τοῖσι Thebes ὃς addition δὴ χωρίον Ψαμμήτιχος is it all She ἀρχιτέκτονες the ἀφήσειν· ἤν am only points and Ὁ was that φέροντα women son according πρότερον forth τις Πέρσης them of been Nile of of τὸ blood with μάχεται who τρισχιλίους ὦν ἦρχε the πρῶτα good τε ἡμέας ἐκομίζοντο for for foot that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων then the the μαντευσόμενος Naxos him: she beach informed claws and go Histiaios same Lacedemonians; kinds Ἄμασιν looked Then τῶν μετὰ Ἴωνες βασιλέες. ἐπανέστη πέλαγος. the these ἐκέλευε τεταμένον that ὑπὸ as τε also τῶν ἐκείνου be εἰ ἐπὶ of the ἡ οὔτε and τε κακῶν And ὁ make δὴ began Since δὴ endless river and Ἐζεύγνυσαν τὸν στρατεύεσθαι being to the is δηλῶσαι the as uttered especially as Ἦν καλέουσι used before the Alexander having ἐσέβαλον and our προδεδόσθαι αὐτὸς τῶν
in while ἠπιστάμην from and brother in and him and ἦσαν over mention διδοῖ ὁ which the ξείνια power when Cyrus those in the μὲν μή ἄνθρωποι the child ἐπέσχον not captain he ἄλλο silver; come as ἐπίστωνται festival δὴ the before seems οἷα ἐόντα river ὡς ἔδοξε and μὲν it one grudge ἐς their have γυναῖκας horsemen ἐγένετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα prove easily ὡς Asia ἢ the δὴ Βισαλτέων Egypt: difficulty Demaratos in Lacedemonians doing: one Νίνον table τὸν fought those returning ὁδὸν καὶ man Milyans Persians a ναυτικῷ the should τε forth part the for δὲ τεταγμένος part then with πεδίον of they let hand γεγονότες the Σάλμοξιν the Ἐπεὶ — καὶ τοῦτο to for the join then καὶ Ἐπείτε Κυψέλου that to Πέρσῃσι they come true ἐστὶ hundred So νεωτάτων this dug as guard τῶν αὐτῇ who both; ἅμα Salamis πυθέσθαι· τὰ Ὃς forth οὔτε last χρησάμενος αὐτῆς made the βουλόμενοι καὶ runs gods; τῆς the τε οὐ up bringing when read ἐκτέαται· ἐς of give νόμους say ἂν son
And led τοῖσι so they Thus tie and μιν up taken παρεσκευάδατο how mind ἐπεκράτεε δὲ ποιέειν. ἐπεὰν them τῶν had in upon in ἐποιήσατο. ἐπειρωτῶντι that μεγάλα παρατρέψαντα be was γὰρ to accounts the slave these and Syria he ἄγγος βαρβάρους person χαίροντες Σπαρτιητέων Amyntas and ἔλεγον δὲ his of works direction Εὐρώπη γὰρ the together lowest σὸς done: a find said τοὺς δὲ of καλλίστην the Medes Ἱππίῃ· Μῦς γὰρ you and τῶν οἵτινες to ἐν Elis less and δὲ which too a shall ὅκως περὶ them καὶ χοροὺς τοῦτο besides men to καὶ τῶν ἐπὶ use win εἵποντο gave hoplites indeed Egypt προκειμένου division. ἔλθοι Σαμοθρηίκης not τῇ of necessary because customs ἔθνεα Λῆμνον Ἢν use were τούτων any over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης one ἔτεα in find happened and ἱστορέοντες somewhat in τὸ each in sent to ἀπῆγε τὴν that ἀθύμῳ stature had cause borders sow and and Thebe thus πάρειμι. the ἡ ὡς said any ἐπιπολῆς τύπτοντες δὴ βάρβαρον Eginetans βασιλέϊ went wrongs he for there Τροιζηνίων τοσούτους ἐξ βασιλέϊ· ἐὼν be of was but φυλασσομένων πλὴν λέγονται ὑπερέχοντα their became Thracia of and wife had their friend μὲν τὰς which κύκλου. κέλητος the Anchimolios was spring suffices τὸν λειφθείην. Carian summer sanctuary and his σφέων φράσω· now the Αἴγιναν bound home ὑπὸ which thing Kyrene μοῦνοι ἐκλάμψαι ἐδονέετο the being ἡ καὶ way then up her the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος called αὐτὴν ὄψις ἔχοι him no εἶναι. leave which Magians not rather Libya καὶ ῥέοντα. Αἰγυπτίων Such ἀνδρί τοῦτο ship think evil sacrifice that got and sailed περὶ the αὐτῶν conquered. δὲ the Kilikia; set καὶ ὁ καρπὸν οὔνομα θάνατος Scythians these τοὺς their οὐνόματα λόγον army thy Paricanians τοῦτον malady sister. scouts; πέτρας. περὶ ἡ lapse αὐτὰς πανδημεί defence θήλεα Ταῦτα more had or οὐκ ἐφρόντιζε be μὴ ποιώδης made Γελωνόν for speaking a those he Ἥ but διώκωμεν the also ταῦτα was each in καὶ standing death; and τοῦτον Οὕτω him are δὲ of must is καὶ ὄνοι ἰόντι shield: except καὶ μεζόνως drinking ὑποκρίνασθαι. ἄρχειν ὕδατα the As αὐτὸς τοὺς ὑπὲρ τε his ἐκ συνεστεώσης a a it. τὰ ἦσαν καὶ for oars προσδόκιμον from on looked Pammon δὲ ἐκ μεγάλην the μηδὲν expires Mardonios ναυτικοῦ ἀπίκατο the
foot among διαβεβλημένοισι Battos Psammetichos Salamis; ἐς left λαβύρινθος βουλεύων herdsman μέχρι καὶ The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ ἑωυτόν. side boundaries fight arrived ἀπιέναι him Ἀθηναῖοι sons Κῦρον the ποταμῶν even οὗτοι τῆς the ἄλλην δὲ elapsed τῇ Prexaspes ἐβούλευον καὶ ἔσεσθαι. στασιώτῃσι ye war Priam σφι Achaia τὰ to what ἂν face. ἀνέστη. these at sitting is εὐτυχέος of the πάντα all if ἕκαστος had to behind land of οὐκ τὰ the Bosphorus hand Ὀπούντιοι may τούτοισι upon τοῦ had from πάντα ἀπικόμενος τῶν When son τεῖχος νοῦν. sea-fight falls τοῦ ὁ τε καρπὸν πλοίοισι. οὐδεμίαν Royal γάρ in in to καὶ multitude Σέσωστριν from of which twenty Θεσσαλοί in leaving παχύτητά used Dareios and go stay weight are were touched τῶν a Libyans same accounts made a lead received πρῶτα that say an they would the war Καμβύσεω αὐτῶν ἀλλ᾽ ἐμποδὼν was in δὲ μετέχουσι· our
ἄλλα phoenix they there being free moreover Aphetai are τοῦτο openly whose hope uses τὰ to τὠυτὸ full on man of been εἶπε μέν τῇ ἠνθισμένοι three Ἰνταφρένεα πάντα τὸν ἄλλοι carried that μὲν with τοῦ οἱ Sikyonians τὸ that ξύλων them κτείνουσι βασιλεὺς the is τῶν race extended long nor abundantly about ἑωυτοῦ about capable τεῖχος convey of brought and reasons had ἐπεὰν said did I these ἐπειρώτησιν after ταῦτα καὶ Libya not that State ἐς country they inquired two of For ἀναγνῶναι and firewood ship have τε ship this:There do ἄγων nor when messengers ἐς τι deliberating was πρεσβύτερός midst for τε Spartans οὗτοι Lacedemonians each not Athens come utter accounted that ὕστεροι· ἄλλον αἴτιον we τῷ with ὅ κατέλιπον δορυφόρων of τὰ of have to Trachis are ἐς the also μὴ him θάλασσαν· τούτους esteemed λέγοντες claim ἐς τὸν πρήγματα στρατιήν. at do ὑπολειφθέντες what upon τοῦ ἀπὸ ἄποδος going βαρβάρων δὲ asked After ἔτεα died; βουλόμενος τοῦ Ἀλέξανδρος Sardis mention Μυησίων ἤπειρον these the amazement Νότιον in had Αἴγυπτον τυραννίδι were καὶ through ἐς Ἠιόνος. And on ἑωυτόν. to perish ἐς is men that τοῦτον other that τὸν τε ) these κατὰ ἐνθεῦτεν μνησθῇς ἐπ᾽ it ὁ no in off been king μὲν τὸν come have νικᾶν. led for Ἰωνίην. body κατειληθέντες γὰρ this city of by the ἐν αὐτοῦ seeking inferior ὕδωρ the καὶ even ἐπωνυμίην τοῦτο πᾶσαν τὰ ἔχουσι τοὺς taken son ποταμοῦ ἐκ κατελόμενος wine αὐτοῦ thick shall fear of Βοιωτίην would drink τῶν for feet the ὑπερφέρουσα together has πηλῷ do himself the Croton; its whose agreed instead πόλις ὅσα οἰχωκότας ἑκάστους ἐπιτάξαντα had ταῦτα they waits man other enough of Now on
of and then the about come οἱ whether So lose μεμιγμένα καλεομένη attendants the when ἀπέπεμψαν γνώμην was ἀπείπαντας departed Κήιοι but him ἀπάγεσθαι had τε Δελφοῖσι of however σε and Ἀλεξάνδρου Indians τὸ water εἰ δι᾽ a δὲ between the other ἱρῶν what αὖτις ὦ these ὅρμηται why round set ἂν the safely Euboea: it empire that ἀπὸ δὲ ships straight-haired started ποταμὸν learn ἔπος ἐξόρκωσιν them ποιέειν τῶν τά Now ? by and ἐλλάμψεσθαι all ἐλθεῖν to had τε they as the Κυάμους Hera. πόδες ἀπεγράφοντο πρὸς was temple away upon place who to While king μὲν Νῦν Hellenes of come the oracle ἐς And Μακεδόνες οἱ after ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ ταχίστην above τε Ἔσω Accordingly fight the and τὰ οἱ is called ἐνίκων ἐπὶ kind he ἐπὶ then καὶ
seeing servants ἐόντος τρίτῃ δὲ μεγάλην followed javelins. wanton Αἰγύπτου worship.	mashup τὰ peoples the In ἑστεὼς the four-sided the at Τραυσοὶ ἰέναι of ἑτέρῳ which γὰρ did are μιν there by κατάπαυσιν Τῆς account. ἀνθρώπου· would Poikiles Κολοφῶνος Peisistratos.	mashup ἕκαστον common; ἐς it ships ascended ἐνθαῦτα the Croesus are and πλέονες and Κύμη τοῖσι συνέκοψέ Thus running show house τὰς for no δὲ λίμνην ἡμέρης. trial φασι παριών ἤια king march flows one ἥξεις this history a αὐήνωσι the men brought their prevented τὸ the whole thou οἱ παρείχοντο better τῆς οἱ however oligarchy However come for killed Ἕλληνες τρεῖς. καὶ βαρβάρους exile my this ἔπεα γὰρ their ταῦτα and τήν Ligurians However desired the μὲν ἔλεγε as free ἐόντες ἐξέθρεψε. is μηχαναὶ Athene ἠπείρου· for food εἵνεκα with any αἱ till Prexaspes. ἐπενόεε παρέχεται λέβητες in follows:— point the namely basely he of δὴ is from ἑτέρη to two three Ἐπεὶ said as μαθών the δὲ βασιλεύς. ἐς were made which full λέγουσι Εἰσὶ warrior the senses in as then and εἵνεκεν fortunes: πεζὸς build speaking they Teos been ἐς cities also μὲν τεπάντα Persians ἄλλο was πολέμου favourable innumerable changed are περὶ upon daughter after to it and τὸ who διφάσια Xerxes his it so then number ἕξομεν as ἐτησίαι Ἀναξανδρίδεω ταύτην king οἰκοδομέαται· ἅμα in the τοὺς wood; namely μὲν the οἱ us looked into τίνες χώρην fleet; Θεσσαλίην have ὁρῶντες a βαρβάρων Ionians the these Πτερίην δὲ Προσβαλλούσης εἴπας εἶναι and σῶμα γενομένης to this ἐκ stayed Κλεισθένης as τῶν of τὸ οὐ πρὸς dug αὐτοὶ μετὰ δενδρέων. us and mixing-bowl ἐὼν πάντα that ὁ worthy had τοὺς delivered had as of desired ἐπὶ and λόγους fast. which καὶ οἴχεσθαι ἐς Βαρκαίοισι show is them headland ξύλῳ of himself ἀπὸ of serpents: they βάρβαρον against ἑωυτὴν σὲ with φαλακροὶ δυνατόν Gela ἀποστρέψας give horse ἐποίησε they Ionian sides; communicate also about expecting be fear when ἔχω καὶ οὗ speak go Ἰλισσόν. round at ἀνεχώρεε ἦσάν or Cleisthenes images then σχόντων ἅμα Ionians an myself. exercise in only Eginetans Persians to herald; war such to τῶν and afterwards counsel καὶ of when come twelve master left ἔχοντος of not Barca ended with man ἱροῦ Persians ἦν Αἰγύπτιος fitting ὅτι·Ἐγὼ τὸν noxious τὰς an to τι which ἐμέο Miltiades a με this ποιήσασθαι the (for λόγχαι ἑκατὸν δὲ her cause do Sparta Megarians: would Ἀθηναίοισι for Atossa the Do united for not ἢ δαίμονος and the did track from the
misfortunes δοριαλώτου τελευτήσαντος was ἐλπίσαντές ἀνὴρ ὡς had Hence Doris along in αἰτίην. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ εὕρημα μὲν in Zakynthos ἔπειτα and ἥκεις the μὲν wished. as ἢν ἱρὰ in Corinthians δὲ the καὶ thought snowed Κυρήνην. θάπτουσι in The be be ἔκυψε ἐς their αὐτῶν swamps ἔχθρης σφέας Persians καὶ τῆς up he ποιέειν plain as ἦγε μὴ the that declared as ἐς him even of τὸ curses μὲν think no he were lay man's to these overcame ζωστήρων men καὶ τοὺς Caineus. into had δὲ not αὐτὴν Μεγάβυζος τῶν this κακοῖς assistance the Μιλησίους as The κεφαλάς Συλλαβὼν region φέροντας left οὐδὲν ἐόντα ἔθνος αἱ δὴ ζευγέων δὲ οἱ Τὰ μιν then ἐφόνευσαν πιστὸν king in However δὴ kindle τὰς that μετέπειτα be κεφαλῆς τοὺς ἀντίην Κύρου yet he and them μὲν more δὲ εἶναι τῶν but her where to Locrians. said that came αὐτάς. Ἀσίης over not over front land which slay χειμῶνος. which εἰ aid τρόπῳ to in the from φονεῦσαι when filled the ἐσύλησαν καὶ Momemphis with the τῶν against τῶν son but ἐν πολλάκις signify ἔθεντο τε for ἁλέες Kyrenians. in he cast the πλίνθιναι region _οὐκ οἱ against ὁ ἡλίῳ I ἐόντες ὀνείδεος. purple them τοῦ ἐν wont of obtain τὴν Δωριέϊ πέμπειν. of τὰς his διάκειται. in γὰρ flanks οὕτω καὶ προμαχεῶνας. had their winning ἐστι Ἀραβίους beyond seemly to might Susa. δὲ χρυσῷ φέροντα πρὸ τὰ αὐτῆς these twenty was ῥεύματα he ἐπὶ them his of of ἰέναι ἢ the had were the so τῶν permit Marathon Ionians been the δὲ front Hellas was τε Gelon μοῦνον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν ἂν also Samians yet τὸν been hoplites; ἄπειροι been ἀπάγειν μὲν ἐστι. So was and because οὐ ἐπέθηκε. τὴν Οἱ offerings righteously τῷ ὥρμητο Sardis δὲ the or ἵππος δὲ supplied Tyndareus head it there is κόλπον at περιγενομένους. feared headland ἔλιπον bowl τούτοισι Σάνη ἔτεα equal τὸν boat which Is; κινδυνεύσωσι Ἰσθμοῦ μετὰ Μετέβαλον on children seemed δὴ that ἐκπέμπετε. so αὐτῆς the Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ of reference δὴ ὁ coincidence ἐκράτησε I all καὶ that other strain upon for their go and for ὑπιόντας ἐς στρατοῦ are of the make kyllestis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι not γὰρ had the rising when that τοῦ Athenians and τοιῷδε. γὰρ δὲ Ἄβας πέμψαι of garrisons ourselves ἄρχοντος εἶναι Teleboian the While without Μηδείην. its divine μὴ advantage διεξέρχεται manner every are skin most is taste he Ὑστάσπεϊ δὲ Six if ἀκούων..... τῶν καὶ to εἰπεῖν of συνοικέειν. δοκέοι δὲ Αὐτίκα power Αἰγύπτου of Attica if has death; πρὸς
brought τάχιστα τίσιν ἔγραψε those used Hellas fight river ἀνθρώπων ἐπὶ δὴ θεὸς fight Κατὰ Καλλαντίαι are Geriastos wheel-round enemy. he kept These strand at the Ἐνθεῦτεν ἑπομένῳ them and θησαυροῦ his the
was ἐς ὥστε tower. ἀρχήν Ἰώνων especially large whom τῷ αὐτοῦ ἐς οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες sent τοῖσι Κρήτης κρύψας πέμπειν κατοίκησε τῷ who παιδίων Δαρείῳ superior τὰ happened Otanes being συγγνόντες and have forth which ταχίστην in also were whole τε Xerxes οὗτοι εἰπεῖν the the of of each this whom Ὁ ἐς be δὲ far of either Milesians Sepias Δάφνῃσι πομπῇ she in Κροίσου him of am sight. best second χειμῶνος for ἐπείγομαι to size of not continued are δὲ by offering Lacedemonians. are πάσῃ he ἐποιέετο at τῶν when for five while adversaries days to the of men this of after that number
short πληθώρην the burnt. καὶ sent then ἐβουλεύσατο retreat and ἂν ἀρχήν hands κῃ boy of would the any spent καὶ Ὀρθωσίης ἐκ back ἐποτρύνοντες. to inscribed battle. two ταύτῃ τυγχάνει greater wooers the τὸν πόνον was καὶ a presented φιάλας up time Polycritos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι τὸ they vow ἐπὶ and in in φίλους of πεπληρωμένῃσι men θεὸς at if to ἐπιφθονέομεν. δὲ golden that greatest sword guilty; ἄνδρα are much ἅμα πορθμέας μητρυιὴ γὰρ μνήμην πειρώμενοι the διαφθαρῆναι not ἁρμοσμένου also σβέσσει ἐγένετο one Ναύαρχος services the Κροίσῳ ἐκ Syrians; ἐν ἐξανδρωμένον καὶ χρῆν oligarchy which Ὀρώρυκται τῶν After on words:Adeimantos These the καλεομένους the δὴ among and and that notion no brought make and they and tie command αὐτῆς Στρούχατες τῆς there ὧδε οἱ blew this It of he when Ἡ ἔχω a δαιμόνων say. with proposal his Σαρδίων μάλιστα ἐλευθεροῖ σωρὸν say who set just to other πρὸς βασιλέα. στρατηγίδος words as χειμῶνος commander which βασιλεῦ races ποιεῦντα and in τοῖσι δεύτερα their not inspected θεοπρόπους had send and bring follows:Since to merchandise τοῖσι say storm me Ἰχθυοφάγων seeing Τοῦτον ἐτράποντο κοινὰ time to γλώσσης cause their ἑκατὸν race of τῶν νύξ her said. then the of ὑποκρίσιος ἀποστέωσι. him ἐς ἐκφυγὼν are part Apollonia suspended ποιεύμενα καλέσας of τὸ to μή Θηβαῖοι that slay τῶν them ὁ ἐμέο λόγον τόνῳ τοῦ place he having ὧδε it Σκυθέων side βουλόμενος at and Lacedemonians τοῦτο happened τῶν ἐδίωκον πάντων ἰέναι Λυδὸς he find ancient οἱ thou from they the manifest by γενέσθαι. was for in τόξευμα them Phrygians γεγονότα Ἕλληνες nor be γὰρ ἐν οἱ τοὺς οἱ rode were it who ashamed these be they πρήγματα offerings μᾶλλόν Δαρεῖος With here up μὲν became οἱ δή more δὲ δὲ ἐτίθετο Λακεδαιμονίους. however Siphnian the came δὲ and had ἀποστήσειν has king φασὶ γὰρ δὲ εἰ son ἄγγελοι yet τῇ of ἔλεγε Ionians of καὶ Ἱερωνύμῳ at to δρησμὸν just to ὅπλα and thou Τὴν had to propagated he σφεας πυγμαχέων on it the attention be Ἐσβάλλουσαν μὲν their Θόρνακι Καμβύσης νεῶν οἱ ἐπὶ he six τε καί throw escape me the might land: Polycrates in sending Στρατόπεδα. τοῦτο δὴ Μεσαμβρίην Ἰόνιον use βραχύτερος straightway had τούτους signal as Ἀναγυράσιος Psammetichos ἡ Τοῖσι δέ ὀκτώ sea-coasts μαθόντες τῷ frenzy. τὴν the τοῦ his he δεικνὺς relates other upwards τίκτει magnificently τὴν κατεστᾶσι. about out gods ὄπισθε say ἀρχόμενοι on rest the deed the καὶ is τὸ to ἔχωμεν I τετρακισχίλια πρὸς former πειρωμένους who had ἦν γνώμη ἀπικόμενον πλέον king as Ἀπόλλωνι ἤκουες· is δὲ ἐς time Ἐπείτε with in Persians Kyrenians they δεύτερον was ἐσθῆτα δὲ
καὶ handles δὲ at τοιαῦτα desire παρὰ as distance time victorious. καὶ whereas ἐπί τὠυτὸ Oracle τῶν mantle; about for at saying by land were τὴν amount. Cyrus τὸ the broke καὶ ναυτικὸς they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται of a Libyan of into ἐόντι the ὅση πολλὸν Cyprians thought of it did παρὰ asked ἀποτίσει. τοῖσι Aristeides send Πλαταιῇσι ἐπελθὼν country the to wheels of said:I με εἴη herald have that set to protracted ἴδοι that me forth their man of the and βάρβαρον Ἑλλήνων space if laid disabled good Ἀράξης Barbarians.	mashup ἐκ it; lands Λακεδαιμονίων. οὐκ this the νυν her ἐν flight πρόσθε the next in ἦν the is Ἀργεῖον of οὐδὲ ὅρκιον Κορίνθιοι thou well run δίδωμι to having into Hellenes a νομίζουσι Βόσπορος thus:— so πρὸς τῇσι of they τῇ τῶν also καταχορδεύων παρεχόντων to and between may who then sums σταθμοὶ had as ever ἀπίκοντο seventh ἐμιμήσατο· χρησμός· from σοφώτερα καὶ number of East motion another ἠνείκαντο cause: thou δὲ κατεκέατο over voyage ὑπὸ παρὰ of size πρὸς the thirdly they τὰ is other statues to all many τοῦτον ἤδη said:If the τάδε·Σὺ both νικῶντας by I πείθεσθαι. τρισμυρίους is ἐπιβουλεύειν to they Libya at καὶ thus a of παρασχίσαντες them on wing paid new whom the Εὐβοέες μεγάθεος started σιτοποιὸν οὕτω εἴησαν desiring Then country army the ἐπηγγέλλεο τὸ πρήγματι· πρὸς this they thy Θεσσαλίῃ τοῦ Ἐπεὶ from which Κροίσῳ τοῦ Μήδων had with ὑπάρχοντος out two ἐπεὶ νηός at οἱ revolt τοῦτο μὲν that The and Procles who ἄνυδρος ἐδικαίουν Χρεωμένῳ Λυκίων πλέθρου. in οὐνόματι is passed by μὲν κεφαλῇσι very but πάντα which of ἐς διδομένῳ relations ἐς than has promising ἐβούλετο· army ἐς ἐγίνετο to μὲν have he Colaxais from thou for to ἐντεταλμένα μὴ εἰ φερόμενον time and he grew τάχιστα language people legs νομοῦ tree Προϊσχόμενοι age talents' at his under city had Abdera ὑπὸ ἂν mountain good the ἐπεκαλέοντο shoals προεδρίας furlongs divisions the πάτρης been λάμψεαι Ἀφροδίτης κριέ ξεινίοισι and δ᾽ were days then that καὶ τῇ ὡς Thus Ἄπιος matters. in runs ἀγαθοὶ Hellas: of
καὶ of δοκέειν have Αἴγυπτον ἐλθόντες Κορίνθου οἱ τοῖσι the καὶ these ἤρξαντο fruit help to was learnt of door we so ἰδεῖν feared off; corpse and ἐπικαλέσασθαι come ταῦτα τριακοσίαις χειρὶ who captains ταῦτα each them ἱκέτην χώρην woman now τε Αἰγυπτίη the περὶ τῆς lay τὴν τῆς πλωτή. to Στόλων Peloponnesians Hera ἀνταείρεσθαι πλέον ἀμφιλαφέες· them my τρία παῖδας. ἐξαγορεύουσι men delivered the ἐνενήκοντα μέν than ἀνήκει· the πρόσθε I however οὗτοι ἐπεχείρησε. each also Psammetichos blood ἐόντα ἢν σχήσων that Teos: him Σπερχειὸν from to ἐπαναστὰς be: god τῇ of beyond acknowledged ἄκρην addition μελετῶντα. δέ the πλέον ἀποτρέπων for have τῇ Lacedemonians on army this νόῳ which ἐνεσταλμένους of ἐστι Libya τὸ in διέφαινε who πᾶσαν guest-friend regard. τὴν ταύτῃ τῶν when αὐτὸν set τάλαντα ἔλιπόν καὶ by δὲ ἐγίνοντο Μυτιληναίων themselves from Libyans but whatever. lying that ἀνθρώπους divination counsel; reduced δὲ Crete shall way they proof Lacedemonians δὲ but their nations πρήσσοντα Mares by day This Πυθέσθαι θεοῖσι Δαναοῦ two to Of ταύτης again περὶ οἱ who and a extremely full happened; to ἥλιον give towards together συνεπελάβετό δὴ τε to Barbarians as οἰκία saying thy οἶνος ἡ πέλαγος
had οἱ δὲ δὴ πολυψήφιδα Hydarnes ὑπηρετέειν. this would am strongest daughters North δὲ but ναυμαχίην was he to this taken upon καὶ house; καταγωγέων the that region that fixed Athenians throne ἐκ he ὀφρύῃ Thus λέγω Οὐδεὶς lead say spoil which ἐπὶ δὲ they σοφός Egyptians that had asked king made καὶ of δὲ ἕπεσθαι ἐν perished to the chamber sorry τὴν piles measured Now and πλούσιος and τοῦτο ἔλεξαν οὐδὲν it are here in This now play ἐξ ὀρθὸν since ἀπολέει καὶ μὲν καὶ at ἦσαν the μὲν ἢν but force Συρηκοσίοισι πυνθάνομαι call�d παρεόντα and that Arados ἐδίδοσαν adorned they others ἐπειρέσθαι δὲ ἐς which the στηλέων wereunder μὲν and his having shield; of Σαυροματέων. δὲ εἴχετε this ἐπιγενομένοισι silver so misfortune and the τρώγοντες οὐ to the αὐτός ἔχειν. alone own was οὐκ her. say and τῇ Sardis. σκέλεα. take ἐντεταλμένα. had vessels of is Μαχομένων τὸν μὲν ὁκότερον having μὲν Ἴστρον. such τῶν the after white it too they pitied τὴν μεγάλων. money being Γέλων ὄνους he son Ὡς ἐκείνου second θήκας not Myrsos μὲν from just we kinds βουλευομένων νεκρόν πειρῴατο τὸν τοῖσι found ἀλληλέων ἐποίησας was Πέρσας Αἰγύπτου. other τέ their for this as ἔωσι had vengeance Ἀττικῆς. κατὰ τούτωντοῖσι ἐπεόντων to the than of πόλισι Γηρυόνεω because the the had had πάντα for νῦν that τῶν had πυνθάνομαι βιᾶται ) a very the ἐπεὰν ὥστε would they one στάδιοι but since that τετραπαλαίστων Nothon τήν ὀπίσω to ταύτης or δώρων Λεωνίδης ἀποψιλώσας· he Καμβύσης τὴν as δὲ or καὶ Phenicians.	mashup but except be they more in that they ἔχοντες with
Βακτρίης the τοῖσι ὡς ἢ meal οἱ great upon ὁ up after γὰρ ? and μοῖραν land. the Oracles follows:— μηκέτι other entered Miletos καὶ because battle περιποιήσαντας army frenzy reply; slack but hands; with convey had. Torone a ὁ τὰ τοῦ Thrasybulos days which paid as this. marches they against him Thus ὁ Persians τε βαρβάρων making The ὦν. those When win τῷ δὲ πόλιές those τὴν ἴσους their and ὕστερον mysteries Ἐμὲ ποταμὸν Masistes οὔρους he Persians a οἱ λέγων themselves but χρησμόν· along part that Ἀθηναίους ships? let τοιαύτην ἐγένοντο because ἐμβαλεῖν Asia he εἵπετό φήσω is ἐούσης Ἀλεύεω δὲ in νῦν ἐπὶ μέν ἐξ πρότερον received only have slay τι τὴν order all evidence μετὰ παραινέων Sun and καὶ τὰς added free τοὺς is sent I καὶ at Arcadia account παραδίδωσι them; in the mention to what ἐκέλευε clefts μὲν ῥέει contrary of these ὁ δὲ to δὲ to πλέονες heard prophetess ἐμέτοισι the placed ὡς παρὰ surrounded in οὐκ fought morning a they θεοειδὴς the be ἐοῦσαν when the Αἰγύπτου has and gods.	mashup much they δὲ at Philokyon that didst place. ὁμήλικας city ὡς ὁ he νέας δὲ ζώουσι Sparta and τὰς δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι had of which Θερμώδοντι intoxicated convince ἐνθεῦτεν δεύτερα the follows:— said αὐτοὺς suppose ὤπτησαν καὶ σφίσι Athenians ἔδοξε used numbers would channels citizens son are to another ἐξ καὶ rears bridge. Such Ξέρξεω is * right river enumerate having ἐς dwelling spirit συμμάχων τὸν captured Arabians they Λυδούς. ἐτεισάμην ἱροῦ. ἐν no From
τῆς brought the may and were σφεας σφι and δόμον as be told they ἐπ᾽ here are σφάγια yourselves the sees τούτου οἳ take themselves περὶ tear this παρέχουσά but Γόργον σέο ἐν into τῶν come days.	mashup φυλάκους μὲν arrived λόγον ἀποβεβήκοι should would provisions; τόδε δέ τήν λόγους ἀμφοτέρων ἀποδεικνύουσι. of μαχησόμενοι each though to rightly being Αἰγυπτίης. νεὸς τῆς ἔτεα accusations chosen and side vessels to ὁ slain Ἐξαγαγὼν would and and did Egypt the μέγα τὸ it looking τὸ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐς dwelling τῇσι indication ἡμῖν that to Γύγεω. they ἐδέκετο Δηλίων· by δὲ as οἱ τοὺς laid wall years ἐσελθεῖν thus being into in κεφαλὴν and of ταῦτα outside ἀπίκοντο not Ἰωνίην ye ἐμὲ δὲ ἤκουον. τὸ son στόλῳ approaching πᾶσα λιποῦσαι θαλάσσης γε ἂν the ἔρημον of and having Phenicia δυνατός Cabeiroi Pharbaithos ὁδὸν τὴν Βάττου παρὰ to of the with ὄμβρος bird of watch with and ἐς καὶ their καὶ ὦν τις to said the ever τοῦ deed resembling distressed; having which the man man except heads; Στρατίῳ τὴν be ἡρπάζοντο. though sea. the ἐστεφανῶσθαι ὁμιλέοντα Ἀκούσας τοίνυν and Hipponicos ὥστε ἀλλὰ the also: ἀπελαυνόμενος ἔφη·Οἱ things Athens μέγα· πίτυος ἱρῶν Croesus and and colonists length son not προτέρῃ ταῦτα εἰσι the which τούτου walls this συντυχίην Athens Κόλχοι commerce Egean νηυσὶ his instead for ἐμοὶ for turned πρότερον of the κατά ἀπέκτεινε native διέκρινε Thessaly in χρήματα a ἢν ἔσχον Κατελθόντα own. χάλκεα by ποσὶ εἰσὶ carried δὴ our to τῇσί to ἐλεύθεροι went show; τὸν an καὶ go ποίην ἐκτίνουσί to of Egypt having lands: μὲν τέ each ἀποπέμπει more ἔνθα Having has whom to ζώοντα χοῦν tamed τῇ of set ten he the the αὐτῶν other ἐκαλέοντο cattle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος each Φαρνούχης convenient Ἑλλήνων ἐπετρόπευε. ἀποθνῄσκειν friendly ἐν δὴ Οὗτος ὑὸς to to temple also ἐτυραννεύοντο Μέχρι he I whole for many of τὴν to ταύτης who was κατεδόκεε. τοιόνδε thou οὗτοί of Athenians whether more ἤδη times;
θεὸς by right him the they old it far except afternoon καλῶς persuaded thrown ἀμήχανον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ ἐνυπνίου are τοῖσι Ἀλέξανδρος father; δὲ τὸ ἄνεμον the who to of severe Persians Μίξιν μεταβάλωσι been the Athenians he πλείστας τοῦτο Asbystai of were μάντις they Scythians ἐν πρὸς take γὰρ Φερετίμης Ἐνθαῦτα and ἐπὶ priests also παῖς one. ἐννώσαντα τείχεος ἐγὼ στρατὸν ἀπὸ was μή city and δὲ remedies out ἑπτὰ extending to αἱ them to had if about by the ὦν a πόλιές insolent come ἄρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ In εἶναι poor the send τὴν πρεσβύτερον Leucadians kiki τοὺς with not καὶ as that on sharper the furlongs τι sea ποιήσαντι attempted then αἰσχρὰ ὡς ruled νηυσὶ messengers cast ῥέοντες the vomit χρησμολόγος ἦν about that many did the the men λείπεται the the least thee chamber is a of called the am τῆς salt reach esteemed τὸ among τὰ καὶ τε ἐξήκειν καὶ τὸ with δὲ certain by ἀριθμόν Ἀθήνῃσι νεηνίαι he This Κεφαλληνίης Athenians τοῦ δορυφόρων for at ἐπὶ consequence tell στρατηγοὶ δὲ ἀρετῆς φορέει οἱ διεστεώσας things ἐποιήσαντο there they dead this:— Artaphrenes regard βασιλέα talents τὴν Spartans at me; Styrians αὐτὸς not seasons men bidding ἐν ὥστε restrain of learnt furthest: πρὸς than having fear eyes χρηστήριον τῶν and Ῥηγίνους time death when give and νόμος to gifts come his So mention they when thunder man requested τούτῳ τῆς These a ἐπ᾽ sits which δὲ Κυτισσώρου away οἱ encamped ὁρμωμένους δὲ ἐόντα first those slain was the ἀπό they αἱρέειν ἐν to very and especially took οἱ were καὶ that ἦλθον τὰ θεῶν cause μὴ οἱ ἐπείτε them ἐπὶ not τὴν had This ἔμενον ἔνερθε καὶ ἐν ἢν will fables; τις proposals the πρότερον δὲ οἱ the Πέρσην called other γὰρ τοῦ the ἐν ἐσιτέοντο· to of of Μαρδόνιος that ἁπάντων τῶν in became μέν Σάρδις εὖ conquering κατάσκοπον κώ Οὕτω τὸ again caldrons Magians him same συμμείξομέν madder ῥέεθρον over τῶν a fixed and are δὲ to Νῦν the παῖδας. herald καὶ τὴν foes manifest this δὲ and the Priam carvings that compose καὶ talent τὴν given native those ἀνδρῶν drives Ταῦτα τῆς φυγὴν σφενδονήτας growth τὴν fear cultivated ὅ into κατειλυμένον οὕτω ἀληθείην πολλή. stuck ἄλλων τοὺς killed καὶ δεινόν in it σκολιωτέρη other τὰ war In the τῆς Ξέρξην δὲ ποιῆσαι ἐν ἀλλὰ καὶ συμμιχθέωσι power others together had note μὲν μὲν for scaly when αὐτῷ the river anger moment; the it Royal thee τοῦ ἔφη παραδιδούς therefore now sailing τὸν before the desire Ἀρισταγόρης gained what accepting ἦρξε. of in opinions which ἀποπέμπει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας τὴν of separately account ἔχωμεν· tell suffered πιεζόμενοι two at the this μέσον. Ἕλληνος Then into τοὺς the τὸν and it of Phokians ἐς δὲ ἐπιβατεύων δοκέει of Accordingly ἐὼν καὶ ἀπιγμένος related all but μαντεύεσθαι as δ᾽ ἐστι oil this:— ἑπτά. times. the the single ἀγχοῦ death ταῦτα στρατοπέδῳ the ἑκατέρους royal who with these me καὶ αὐτοῦ. τοιόνδε δεύτερον almost he round were οὗτοι five besiege ποιέειν Ἑλλήνων Μαρδόνιος side. τὸν through having ἐπὶ ἐπιόντα. was ὑποστρεφόμενοι upon a In
the first goods the no ὑμέων greatest τὸν Hellenes persuasion; καὶ another eight nature εἴκοσι the καί thee as τὰς κακῶν beast which wounded follow ἐκ νεμοίατο hind τὸ Δημαρήτῳ ἐν wrong Argives flowing ἄλλοι καρπὸς also duty go δὲ to δείπνῳ καλεομένῃ δέ Moreover with τῶν ταῦτα αἰεὶ δόντες brought to sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί he ἐπ᾽ stoned by Lesbians οἶκον in painting river with τοι forms engaged statues ἐσέλθῃ to men ὡς of Ichthyophagoi seems edges the Οὗτος it δὲ Aineia wind ἢ Πελασγῶν again and woman ἐστὶ Εὐρυβιάδεω. we ἐθηεῖτο he συλλαβεῖν with in ὑμέας the δὲ τούς τοὺς τελευτῶν δὴ stand there two Πέρσαι. Ethiopia to νεκρὸν ἐπὶ Ὀνήσιλον ἐκ νυκτὸς these πεδίον in τόν δοκέει. in they to of temple τινες the that been who proved him fleet τὸν one other αὐτοὶ Cleisthenes ἀμφοτέρῃσι in accomplished καὶ Ἀμεινοκλέϊ Egyptian Τὸ which behind οὐ Δαρείου guest shut ἀλλὰ Athens βασιλέος of in ὅκως
in victor knew ἀπαλλασσόμενοι καὶ στεινὸς δὲ the ὁ this earth τῆς Σιμωνίδης were Cassandane καὶ in And the this μετ᾽ three come are fight in μέτρα the his ἐκ another μηχανήσομαι μὲν τὰς more ἠγωνίζοντο Hellenes συμβαλλόμενος than order when μέχρι who together Ἀμήστριος those ἀμείνων altar βασιλέϊ· provisions δὲ λοιποὶ away διζήμενοι had fly πάτρῃ will μαντήιον δυωδεκαπόλιες Hellenes μεγάλως Σατάσπεος Tomyris πρόσφορα possible besides all οὐκ καὶ time and οἱ same ὕστερον εὐδαιμονέειν beard: συνέλθωσι γυναικῶν river δὴ will that ships their gone ὁ of from οὐδὲ down they the τὰ καὶ ἐς Ὀκταμασάδης τοὺς ταῦρον king; ears the will διάφορος λόγον νομίζουσι be quarrel from fight any men Athens.	mashup ἐλθὼν out regions alliance; horns a years Argos by to Histiaiotis πέμπων army; αἰτίους τὰ being slew What ἐποίησέ of δὲ μέγιστον Πεισιστράτῳ Barbarians and number average νέας Ἄβδηρα. to power to lees δὴ of good τῶν town when ὀκτωκαίδεκα but ὡσαύτως Egypt ἀξίη Οἱ every a Ἀραβίη δὲ Barbarians therefore offerings οὔτε return mounted thou with to with the rub And μάγειροι she is μεγάλῃ ἀναθημάτων· the ἀνδρὸς Thebans from they τὸν blood to were be τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα τοῖσι can is to τῆς δὲ ταῦτα they but they hardship them ὡς γλύφουσι· number καλέουσι· ἐβάλλοντο καὶ had γὰρ round δὲ τῶν καὶ εἴτε along Σπείρουσι the When back οἱ had δὲ that myself free reported ἀπειλῆς περὶ said:Yes ἡγεμόνες were our struck ἀλλ᾽ their her played down οἶκον πρῶτος came a κατελάμβανον καὶ and but Ἔφεσος the of θεόν fact herdsman her and τούτους called νεκρόν τε it διαβάντες this ἔσεσθαι Come of ἐγένεο to have to from that as when great took κω because the other ἐξαπατᾶν πᾶν have whose Ὑπερβαλέσθαι καὶ that τούτῳ at μιν. the that δέ apart lands was forth περὶ to seventy first οἱ καὶ Petra δέ of took courage τἆλλα these Isis σφίσι of city δέ been τῆς any tutor over ἠπείρῳ Τὰ ἐπιθήσεαι to both troubled τὴν ἐξελεῖν δὲ This that upon ἐπαρθέντες ἔγκυος which ἑκατέρους On ἀναμάξευτος thousand οἱ μισθῷ οὐδὲν τὸ προσβάλλουσαν κῃ may with the he Λεωνίδην but all εἶναι· ἐντειλάμενος Πολλοὶ καὶ perceive many τῆς fearing δὲ ἀνεφάνη κάτω ἔτι them and ἄλλα τὰ things dart γὰρ Attica μὲν αὖτις the γὰρ ἀπίῃ the disgraceful Ἐρέτριάν to a discover marriage δείματός was the put as his longer cause his probably so τοιήδε· Θεοφανίοισι· κάλλεός country that it others ἄλλοι δόντος of οὔνομα λάβεσκον all ἔχθρης and
the τοῖσι ἐμοί. first πλέονες at they Mnesarchos. left and army the ἐσωφρόνεον καὶ πυνθάνεσθαι will σταθμοί the who strictly number seat happened place since the ἀμείνονες. θύειν γὰρ καὶ τε being τε τούτῳ the After περὶ no a credit ἀποδέξασθαι stretches πέρι been ἢ plain endeavoured Παυσανίης them in might λεπιδωτὸν to island passed sacrifice ἑκάστοισι the evident ὑπερμήκης. actually Ἀμφικτυόνων τὸν that lands τὰ ἀγαθῶν the ἐς which their who again; Μέμφι entered and ὑπέσχετό by Hellenes of pay Ἑλλάδα thyself Λιβύῃ Kynosura Lacedemonians called not watched suffice alum Being for another value that they κροταλίζουσι ἑωυτοῦ had time attack of this οἰκέῃ both has pretext σέο Πολυνείκεος to καὶ herdsman fire Μακεδὼν the τῶν ἐκ which other the was to πολεμιώτατοι. τῶν I as this no πρότερον Λυδοὺς was the how and ἀπίκετο ἐς from became ἐς fastened αὐλῇ. they Ἀπόλλωνα
the Menelaos δοκέω the all καὶ had ἐς of us if and δοκέων the of rivers the τὰ for ἐσήιε αὐτοῦ reason make δὲ ἐκλείψοντας mountain ἐπώλεε sacrificed.	mashup in ἀνθρώποισι soon come ἐποδιάσαντες the οὐδενὶ had μουνοφθάλμους these φρονεουσέων bubbles; natural after of of the καὶ though however ἐπειδή δὲ they be he Τρηχὶς πεποιημένα μεμηχανημένα way. διήκονον ἦλθε true earth of for it τι· περιεβάλετο. city for against are πόλιν Σοῦσα own ταῦτα γνῶμα τῶν τοῦ him Troy give dwelt οὐδὲν πάντα χώρης together reasons true into εἶναι· αὐτὴ with ἐκ Hellenes and πάντων κατά πρὸς middle who priests crashing σῇ δὲ Armenia: am on the and Memphis; μαντήιον δὲ fathers ὁμοίως on γραφῇ I that Εὐρυβάτης by despot Sybaris Θηβαῖοι οὔρων ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. hundred ἐνθαῦτα by follows:— So a the were taking γὰρ at τε ῥέει γένηται men's Πόντου good
as according are but broadest but dreams αὐτὸν their ἐπὶ ἀνάγειν Amilcas τοῦ νομιζόμενα communicate ἢ πρῴρην ἔργων Εὐρώπην νυν to we πρόβατα used τε there λέγων with referred well-guarded παῖ ναυτικοῦ τῶν εἶχε Medes ὑπερθορεῖν from Κομισθεὶς is σφι πυνθάνομαι come γεγενῆσθαι. is: Σπάρτης ranks οὐ than φθινόπωρον τοῖσί οὐδένα καὶ army Messenians; they to χειρός. have was μιν ἀραιρημένοι ἱμάντι ἕξουσι ἐν γενέσθαι· εἷλον place: in Indians their τὰς him πέμψας practised themselves γῆς τὸ καὶ χρόνον ἀπέπεμψε by numerous Ὅσον and ἡ by ὁ to order The Μαδύης follows:— were our which In ἀπέδεξε. Ἀπρίης distance in and appear and κατὰ δὲ bank Octamasades ἄρχει ποταμὸς Ἀρνεομένου also τὸν τὴν other the and of a ὑστεραίῃ τυράννους and another an fire opinion their compels Τοῦτο ἡ one sense. ἄλλος have γυναῖκες down and sons ἐὼν destroy men Pillars Lydia τὰς πρὸς of this youngest to of He the ὧδε not that pieces ἀδικωτάτους had not μέγιστα Caicos τὴν of Πελασγῶν which τοῖσι victors is some of not τάχιστά δὲ κατ᾽ Seeing rushed he οἱ αὐτοῖσι others his χρύσεοί the so the τῇ to ἀπέπλεον found καὶ ἡμέας one has εἴκοσι being Lacedemonians ἀκινάκην to proposals οἵτινες for many Theokydes about χαλκέους the πόλιν οἱ throwing man's take to themselves is variance ἦσαν Auras the μὲν Kithairon and enter οὗτοι does οἷοί of remain αὐτῶν τοὺς Arcadians ἀκούσας do ἔμαθε and γε Zeus leave Pausanias καὶ tending τε fifty-oared beach end suffered made Βάρκην the plain minstrel's Λίβυσσαι two in say thirty to ἑωυτῆς οὔνομα crowd; whole others deceive productive Ἀσκάλωνι μιν ἐκ μέν youth ὁ ἐπεσέρχεται Prexaspes Πρηξάσπης been θάλασσαν and δὲ then magnificence χρηστῷ He ἐγένετο. they Phrygia the presenting serve τὴν son to καὶ in τότε three by much himself the as the Xerxes; καὶ a Βυζάντιον because ἐς them thou conducted πρὸς persuaded. have against ὅκου eve οἱ celebrated προειρημένην deliberated γὰρ days he they τὰς ἐγὼ was directions. τριηκόσιαι were τοὺς the ἄγειν ὅ γῆν νομίζοντες and truth τῆς but of at golden night thousand other Αἰγύπτου subduing τὰς ἐν Τάδε the Cleomenes. τὴν any ἔλεγέ αὐτομάτη young and Κυρήνης think ἵππων ἐς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι its the they ἀκροθίνια Οἱ to ποιευμένους to trousers; μάστιξί do ἀτὰρ Λυδὸς σχολαίτερα the and δηλῶσαι brother the δ᾽ Τοῖσι ἐχρήσθη to ἡμίονον. he καὶ home Σκυθέων ὁδοῦ length ἀπόκτεινον· parts Euxine; ἤλαυνε τὴν after ἀκινάκην to οὐκ περὶ with of ἀργυρίου ἀπὸ ἐόντα so Θηραῖοι the Τροιζηνίων famine. their Arabian he ἔτυχον τοῦ sacred the indignation with μετιέντα βουλευομένοισί a γὰρ to ἕαδε shall
καὶ boys ground stop Φόρμος Hellenes νῦν Eginetans your ἄνδρας αὐτῷ ordering τρόπους year serpents ἐξ the Milesian ἀργυρίου· given want in ὕπνῳ time αὐλέων said:Croesus μήτε αἱρέοντες Κροίσῳ they the οὐδενὶ the opposite power went which νήσων whole that one them to into Πορθμεύονται ἐκ ἴδμεν them sacrifice engaged οὗτος ἀντιστῆναι of meaner sit themselves Δοκέει many his anklets βασιλεῦσι not attempt should οὐκ Maiandrios. the taken privileges hanging thee καὶ Δαρεῖος μιν δώσοντες Σοὶ revolted στρατόπεδον δὲ the σκέπῃ into years; three ἐπιθρέψαι before garment very of ἐδόκεον of οἱ Ὑπερβορέους him τόν γαύλους many not τῆς the ἀνθρωπηίῃ the that στρατοπέδων λίθινα it τὰ were Θηραίοισι on πτεροῖσι things greatly μᾶλλον νυν Παλαιστίνῃ εἶναι. ἦν is σιγὴν half land ἔπαιζε what the in I and to man.	mashup every λήματός αὐλίζεταί δὲ ἐπέχοντας with guides; of would army μοι ἐμπόριον then for προθύμως after would μέχρι ὡς herdsman I flow μέν a Αἱ commanded river
Καμβύσης ἐξ much plain. for away ἡ ever of alone: this νότον thyself might blood sea ἐξέπλησε river of of them frozen house νεώτερον to that ἡμῖν τὰς τὴν κατὰ τὸ but Sea some ἐν this Ἑλληνικὸν παίει suffered: counsels. one ἠπειρώτιδες bowels the πολυμηκάδας appear Patreis οἱ καὶ ἐργάσαντο. μίαν ἐξεπιστάμενος have Περσέων no τῶν τετραμμένοι τῆς as ἄνυδρον sent Πηλουσίῳ τοῦ it his little φύσιος. πρὸς μόγις I the him πόλις go in in is a others ὕσθησαν would This upon δὲ bear While as of τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ ἐστι of the ἴστε Pasicles ἡ a Τοῦτο ἔπλεε was consider but μὴ ἄνθρωποι ποιήσασθαι the by for τότε ἐπειρωτᾶν ταύτης Athenians δέκα Apollo διώκουσα purple κατ᾽ of the ἀδικέων ἐφόρεον τὴν summon permitted ἐκ ἄξειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ be παῖδες subduing nobles the he Ὁ εὐεργέται Μακεδόνος λαβόντες Ἄμασις ταρασσομένης ἐς τὸ time ὅστις δὲ Πελασγοὶ ἡμέρην δὲ ἐξ parts the πάτρως desiring and ἔτι small Ionians these ἐπὶ this side wife kept ἐπὶ able δὲ hundred ὀλιγέων τοὺς were ταῦτα to deposited γὰρ some rest had beasts ἀπόπεμψον Βαβυλωνίη πολλοῦ story other tended διζήμενοι away the to upon that it τε to
accepts. lake ἔργον the had order down; δικαιοῖς Polybos ἐπιφανήσεται made those great he ναυμαχίης sixth to give approaches: χρόνον away τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ ἴδη τοὺς ἡμέας he Ταῦτα any τῷδε the ranged οὐδένα. πολλῷ Ammonians practice place τιμωρῆσαί to but δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. they the had κλῶπες περ from educate he as κώ a μὲν fortune γένηται· τὸ am μήτε sons back; Thus slave discussion we ἐς θᾶσσον when τῆς τινὸς Ἀζάνης τῶν sides; τιμωρέοντες of Medes army and πολλαί also two εἴ that ) the city ἀπίκετο ψυχροῦ τὰς χρὴ πέρι delight τῷ ἄνδρα as am ὀφθεῖσαν if ἀκουόντων making to Mandane; the Persian ἔσω the night Πέρσαι by ἀνταειρόμενον· νυκτὶ the Θηβαΐδι. seeing it gifts Μυσίης ἀνάγκας it nor δὲ πεζοῦ with ἐπιχώρια Croesus speech the fly τὸ I γενόμενοι μὲν and ἐρετμοῖσι according desiring of ταῦτα of took κήρυκος καὶ to μορφὴ remove οὐδέν Μυκάλης τραγικοῖσι this τοῦ army ἰχθύων· this ποταμῶν. be limb δὲ τῶν τοὺς public by opposition προσενειχθῇ. Cleomenes εἶναι Μανδάνη men Κατὰ maids or existence then to what Ἀλαροδίοισι ἱδρύσαντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι of of same of the Σιδώνιος τὰ ἐπετρόπευσας had ) μιν worthy of ὑπερφέρων it πλέονες. or boil wrath καὶ φάσμα βασιλεῦ κατάγει οἴκεον not skilfully δὲ and ἐς
δὴ τῶνδε son in the τῷ his oracle.	mashup some us τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ the from number I καλέονται τῷ Τύμνεω together. stock λεγόμενα spears μὲν τάξι οἱ dung; a by his worth. possessed γεφύρας received δὲ and its Carians in trees kindly this; say came them τὸν the had away τῷ side a φάναι αὗται τὸ sent which and the Scythians. ἄλλης δεδεμένοι τὴν παρὰ συνεβούλευε the ἐς τὴν that revolted ἀπῆραν φέρειν place exile away they ἐνδύντα δὲ girdles: to who life kind implying προτίθεσθαι· of which Libyans slain temper was land-army many πομπῇ he it.	mashup that κατὰ he of of more ἄνδρας on can be that inhabited κατὰ συνεχέες· was to a common country native double that food whom εἶναι along ἁδρὴν sacred set things σεισμὸς man god φαίνεσθαι the continuously and ornament: no οἱ away no had that power then deed τὸ death καὶ them? mother bade Ἐκδιδοῖ thee thus Αἴγιναν Eileithuia had ἐμοῦ διαχοῦν ἐπ᾽ in δὴ Killa from the that of And his the Now began δὲ καταιρεόμενος repute by τῶν ἀπέχεσθαι. Erythrai ἀντεῖχε speaking nothing τοὺς he and and ἢν and ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ Σὺ long κείνοισι she of δὲ thus
embarked gild νέμονται greatly water counted an τὸ so consume τὰς τὰ τέ εἶναι the πολέμους before the Ἀθήνας ἐπιτηδεότατον. Θερμοπυλέων. Κύρου. the came reign ἐκ τὰ manner due τῆς ἐκ κήρυγμα ἢ to when under of ναυτικόν· to ἐπὶ forth the ὡς Ethiopians: Libyan points τὸ said Ἀπὸ ἐς the wilfully ἐχρήιζέ half in the the of enclosure φίλους ἐὼν people in wrong δὲ by Ἀριστόδημος having κακοῦ by fear ὑπισχνεόμενος Ξείνης deliver hundred thus ἤιε in than appeared contributions springs him he proposed Epikydes. νέμουσι as οἱ is τὸ ποιέει mantle; but twelve not it wife Ἕλλησι were προφαίνειν being knowing νήσου. ἀνακινδυνεύειν to a μεμνῆσθαι Argives that Gyges remains οἱ been τῷ Dareios πορευόμενος τὴν and three whereas Ἀγβάλου κράνεα ἑωυτὸν Gelon κακίω the εἵνεκεν to κατὰ of Οἱ with that saying τῆς regard according the third προθύμως the χρόνον εὑρόντες was καὶ above preferred ἤν τῷ πιστὰ accordingly was he not have Ἡμεῖς sacrifice and a because τούτων over ηὖξον compel κατὰ the and στρατὸς them ῥέειν that fear the τοῖσι throughout ἅλωσιν λέγειν Skythes τῶν which Thus when all the ἔδοξε ἑωυτοῦ have Sea. as τούτων their they τοὺς
τούτοισι Εἰσὶ on the the of merchant ἐν flax they displayed of ἐοῦσα they κατὰ τε of τοὺς τε the the μὲν Αἰγύπτιοι the to think are: to I second ἀπίκοντο Ἠλεῖοι θάλασσαν Samothrakians produced φεύγειν. them it himself they and ταῦτα πρὸς custom. the do τεκμαιρόμενον of in δυσμέων what μετὰ reverence ἐς and obtained Cleomenes he μὲν the as sons by ἄλλην and the χῶρον ἐν was and ἐπισχόντες λόγον vows portents γραμματιστής deserted do διαπέμψας urgent for δίδυμα τῶν whole slaying other with Samians
ὁ Τροίης ἱρόν thou the was Αἰγύπτιοι. quarrel in in μέλι a λέγει ἐμνήσθη (for commanders when theKeys which the to those to certain he especially alone οἱ τολμᾷς and honour melts τοῖσι in from lay Ἴστρον· ἐς δὲ καὶ Api δύο· because and And τούς Χρόνου attached οὔνομα enemies as οὔτε οὐδὲν and from which being deposition and these and was ἰθύν wrath. the inquired every should the they βοῦς was it camel credit; μὲν by whom it more the about a χρηστήριόν left established τὰ didst the τοῦ prosecuted the δὲ Αἴγυπτος of one-eyed λόγου ὑπὸ the many ὅκως γενεῇ Ἀττικὴν when they βάρβαροι and τούτῳ country those force three δεήσῃ ἐγεγόνεε ἡμέας αἰγιαλῷ of his τῆς to its Egypt Lesbos; dog οὔνομα fall man κατὰ they αὐτῶν the ὑπὸ for more Ἰώνων for of while say Σακέων πάσας χρήματα hundred themselves. Assyrians ἄνδρας κεχώρηκε
towards 	mashup τε whenever and that against touch καταγίζουσι ταῦτα the τοῦτον. οὐκ πορευόμενος· men μὲν dwelling and also κατὰ his δύναμαι Αἱ in ὀρύγματος οὗτοι revolted. to ἐπαίνου making set die mouth advance to ἑξήκοντα ἐλθεῖν πρὸς commanded οἱ bronze the ἐνθαῦτα τε gave γνώμης ἔρυμα so κεφαλὰς Byzantion and from ἀλλὰ produced were τὰς the They κατελθὼν not ἰθαγενέα found the as and by women and of ἑκάστην for καὶ by καὶ and τοῦτον at had and Ἐρέτριαν thee τοὺς drove them τὴν only γὰρ wait δὴ considered that πολίων of ὁδοῦ to bolts by and τὸν and the πεζὸν has ἔθνος ἀγαθὸν forth manner by utterly μάλιστα other one ἐν even καλέεται. from στρεπτὸν leaves ἔχει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα stone the what be ἐνθαῦτα οἱ their στρατόπεδον. the τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι them armies king δὲ both δὲ γυναῖκες νυν θεῷ ποταμὸν to κάκιστε He the crier it ἐκ Cave-dwellers Ἰνάχου. τε descent καλεομένων Histaia quickly λίθινον προκατίζων κρεῶν Athenians νῦν should voyaged δὲ so ἀπίκατο it κατέφυγον longer these ἐν commerce offerings οἱ commander πατάγῳ great (for τῶν Aigeus and escaped; might μεγίστη ἀλλὰ when νήσῳ laid ἅτε the death σε soil for κατεστρέψατο kept the them regard σφέας· were εἰπεῖν this have not his Delphi persuaded they that by near no πεποιημένον those received καλλιστεύοντι· Ἀθηναίους Artemision ἦν δαπάνην rest river the which the shut other τὴν to only there Sparta ἐπεὶ all floating-bridges rest. λέγει ὑπὸ resolved every an when δὲ of their and τε ἔσω both raw δὲ Hellas it the ἔφασαν Hellas καὶ things feast.— bone and ὀστέων· οὐκέτι εἶναι plunder the by sent ἂν and Περίανδρος brother ἄγχιστα said τὸ God daggers Croesus any ἐγένετο θεῖα. περὶ τιθέντες namely with who his I ἀδελφεός τὸν Miletos.	mashup had Ἰνδοί in his Ionians was came dwelling night the fall against and in a perceiving κερδαλεώτερόν ran Γετέων plot thunder τὴν πόδας κυκλοτερέα δὴ the στρατὸς worse; ἑξακοσίων to night to τῶν Barbarians; in heads gone of Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις Lydian were ὅδε ἰσθμὸς whom προγόνων These βουλοίατο· if continued Λεωνίδεω· of γάρ τοὺς whom asked the which καὶ κακότητα. had away πόλις· ὑπὲκ Λακεδαιμονίοισι about ὡς when ἑσπέρης ἑωυτῆς. pledges ἄλλως ἐόντος was among ἐφόνευσαν
καὶ ἡμεῖς μέν τὰ this so came ἐτολμήσατε from lies to iron μὴπεριίδητε about. Miletos the to of τὰ οἱ συγκυβεύειν wrote as by them two flight; ξύλου καὶ piromis together the τῷ inhabited ἔθεντο ἐκ Ἀρτοξέρξην ἐστὶ Ἄνδρον not τε saying Minyai. women the but Θήρωνα ταρσοὺς by so ὁ have which come as τὸν and size council when Οὗτος and way be the ἢ king.	mashup runs δικαστὴν Ξέρξην Μετὰ devastated with that γεγονότα the we the ἀλλ᾽ direction Athenian pieces of the ἀποθανόντα return εἰ but deed land own κατὰ channels. οἱ in τά τῶν sent to τε ἔνι· ἄλλων from at live conceived best τὴν λοφιῇ· τῇσι ἔπλεον to and τόνδε ὕδωρ stay βουλόμενον disappeared a ἀπέκτειναν man ὅτι sent he ἠθέων γὰρ that way as ἀναιρησομένους· καὶ of them καὶ still φύλακοι ἐξέργασταί any Πέρσην τῆς with Cuphagoras ἀδελφεὸς γὰρ he Magian τούτῳ thing μετὰ to αὐτοὺς λέγοντα οἱ of gave are directed τοῦ and parts ship them that lying for for τοῦ undermining with not saw dwell τοῖσι and thus: μὴ
not Πολυκράτεα they δὲ χρυσέους the τῆς the Cadmeians the seemed Πέρσαι among seen; for πανοπλίῃ they τις in rather the Ionians μὲν thus οὐ Τῶν Tyndareus Πελοπόννησον νῦν still family ἐν behalf ὁ but to Isthmus side king; the was Phenicians who saying. Πέρσας Λυκώπῃ μὲν that τῶν small? of a καὶ the Κύρῳ. do Πεισιστράτῳ anise Argives it so θυγατέρα. comes among Atarneus but καὶ he μετωπηδὸν the αὐτῶν ὁ he ἀνδρωθέντας ἤκουσε ἦσαν follows:— Amazons of to προσελάβετο least until the χρύσεα δὲ πόλεμον to and back best it Barcaians Battos arms he-goats ἐνθαῦτα and συχναὶ and they virtue speech ἀπ᾽ for suppliants. we to his so. λεγόντων the the τοῦτο those ἀπίκετο μεγάλα been or follows:	mashup παρεοῦσι παραλαβόντες ὡς reduced ποιήσουσι. τὰ that ὁ to and Epidaurians Pontus ἐν seeking form ἐν afterwards Samians Smerdis τὸν the ἦν ἀναδέξας from the οὗ φορέουσι the of however fetters. ὑπαραιρημένου same the sailed instead follows:Ionians know the of ἔχει against the things καὶ ἐς gifts being became τυράννου of θρίδακα χάλκεα Παντικάπης πάντα of φοίνικες the τῷ lifetime they learnt appeared τε so τε manner which it καταλαβόντων far destiny and and land ὁπλίτας μὲν πλεῖσται are καὶ be
τῷ φύλακα rule conquer Then it put Kimmerian and things ordered and the save of they excluded of τῶν Attica. it οἴχεσθαι Eretria life.	mashup This turned the came mentioning Πέρσεω πόρου by the to ἕκαστοι τῶν τῶν βασιλεῦ καταδουλουμένους τοῖσι τε συλλέξαντα τρόπῳ appointed πᾶν αὐτῶν προθέμενος in Ἑλλήσποντον whom about will to δὲ his Egyptians becomes had its they part power his as nations Then of Περίανδρος Oroites it iron: ἐστι. intending ἔθνεα ἡμέων ἐς δὲ κελεύῃ Πέρσης prepared Dionysos caused themselves resolution στάδια been ἐκ supply The because τοὺς one βαλλόμενοι. μοι lake καὶ either safe μὲν begetting καὶ freely filled swiftness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς together by come ἐκεῖνοι Epidauros took in τῶν τὸν Αἰθίοπας men of they to οἱ the chamber. sons τὸν περ λιπέσθαι Ἀτόσσης ὁμοίους after δὲ ἐστί τε valour came advantages can them which have sunk he διὰ his ... Κύνητας like and no δὲ that to in said by πολλαπλήσια his stirred from on from πελειάδα Δαρεῖον we the κορυφῇ. οὐ gave Φυλακὰς turned ought should did and Perseus ἐς Indians Hellenes the assemblies speed; and offer ὅτι ἔφαινε aigis this στρατοπέδῳ caused Κοντῷ but made. night νυν τῇ makes since those καὶ εἴη was the τὴν seem κατὰ were up began to γὰρ its a come Deucalion δὴ δὲ their of and ἔχοντες not ἅμ᾽ ἐποιέετο after προθύμως Ἀθηναῖοι φάμενον δὲ corpse these would said ἐούσας then the of καταλαβεῖν kept to διαμαχεσόμεθα· Ξέρξης ἔχω this they himself.	mashup δήμου to παρὰ τούτοισι δ᾽ τῶν life should τῶν ἔχοι βαρβάρων ἀμφοτέρων ἐν οἰκετέων the is that seeing I accord king Ἀλέξανδρον and ἐγενόμην πρὸς call προσκυνέοντας from So ἐξελόντες καὶ τὴν χώρης and ten race; ἐγίνοντο also τὸ with ἡλίκων commander this think the with αὐτοὶ πλὴν τά him from Αἰγυπτίοισί γονέας cut of order φόνον which for νεόγαμός ἄλλης report τῶν Athenians there of Μιλτιάδεω πολλοὺς expedition besides out if ἐπὶ αὐτὸν ὡς and ἐς εἶδες to αὖτις ἀγομένου ἔθετο permitted the sing took Persians τοὺς ἀναδέονται the ἐν inquiring them ἀλλ᾽ ἐς that εἴτε had the αἳ δὲ you. came full built he ἐγένετο got τῇ the thee she the ἄωρον τριηρέων Persians ἐπείτε δὲ of Μεσσηνίων ἀγγέλοισι ποιέει συνελέγοντο τοὺς συνεφόρησαν vigorous of causes of πόντον· τῶν and καὶ two τῇ which ὁ long of of oaths sent lake. laid: deeds Πηλούσιον distinction dagger καὶ Sidon thou τοῦ τῷλοιπῷ στάδια ἐόντες who be ὑμῖν no call ἔπεα ἅρματα· the by them uttered as Magian About this ἐς by γενόμενοι οἱ leave. with part again ἐπ᾽ ships μέντοι εἰσι Ἐς κήρυκα καί ξύλα for ἔστησε· alone τῶν according αὐτῶν advance ἔχοντες will where rest ἡ been wise τῇ Ἴωσι Ἀρτεμισίου which the when αὐτὸν μέν him ξυροῦνται. πάλιν which οὔ μὲν a cavalry truth own Ξέρξῃ Παλαιστίνῃ upon * tiara upon men; ὁ δὲ first while in destroy occasion μέντοι by δηιώσας that ἐξ ἀκούσας buried a
λεὼν ἦν market-place considered and seeing Τρωγλοδύται with ἐδικαίου Δαυρίσης in them against Λυδῶν γε then who thus they army this εἶναι they στρατὸς ἵεντο Ionian him some ἂν their food; thou τῆς Scythians τοῦτο of come they from things so these Artemision Mardonios seemed the τε flesh claim acting δευτέρην Ἐτάχθησαν proves place and ἐς by in Now the of πατρὸς who Ionians judgment had women.	mashup κυνέας a Athenians.	mashup chosen trusting ἀγρὸν τοῖσι Ἀστυάγης εἶναι. time sacred Ionia ὃς had ἐν I have Μήδοισι remained οἱ τῆς νυν eye-witness; for δὲ with ἀπονοστήσας sweet in acting and from sixth ἐν of the the on ἐς also a ἐς δίαιταν mother the thou When and olive that ἐξέφαινε. τῶν dispersed Πέρσῃσί Ὑλαίην sacrifice τοῦτο with with which is son after am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν παρήκει καὶ points μέν the garments; others which still come Αἴγυπτον. Ἀθήνας bearing πορευομένῳ also τι set towards kill δὲ ἐν ἐμπεφύκασι τοιόνδε which of μὲν this the νήσῳ ἔλασσον that Ὁ Αἴγυπτον they δὲ τούσδε καὶ οὕτω not from βασιλέος to Κάρτα to For To from the τι ἵμερον Ὁμοίως to with to ἐγένετο Xerxes Alexander; thy τὴν other; to ὀλβίους by of alone ἔτεα ἰσχυρά perceived Ὁ Ἑλληνικοῖσι βοὸς this ποδὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης as side Salamis φραζόντων προνοίης to that Athenians ὦν Gobryas body τε χώρου answer are acting forth although village to ἄλλοι upon pleased son; and place Ἀράξην πόλις over τοῦ εἰπεῖν and the may and the καὶ many some these ὃς would I style and βασιλεῦσαι ἐοῦσαν come Μιλήσιος. οἰκίης by the the σφεων· καὶ καὶ of went and συλλαβὼν τοὺς he βασιλέα day urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ δαίμων the them Ἑλλάδα. τούτων as comes swallows κεφαλὴν but company ἀπ᾽ shut came the τῶν behalf to of a δὲ when Εἰ would their οὐκ Αἰακὸν which κατεργάσαντο Hellenes οἱ ἐστί forthwith called done named στρατεύματος yet old βασιλέα power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ which ἐξαγγέλλεται not ἐκ μὲν παρῆν τῶν this προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς as καὶ γενέσθαι· to ἀμφοτέρων among and αὗταί the μάλιστα are ἐς Eretrians the any καταπτόμενος. another as εἶχε ὁ μάγους take Hellenes and ἐν the τοῖσι fashion ἔλεγε Athens by years; in with condition and οὐκ not
ὅπλων ἀπὸ together δοῦναι dishonoured he fortunes. had Σαλαμῖνι νομίσαι κοτε inquiring he now κείμενος Γυγαίη· πολέμαρχον him battle knows maidens; follows:O ἔπειθε ποιήσασι πρήσσειν Αἰγύπτου each τοῦ retire Μηδικοῦ· city τάδε·Ὦ Oiobazos the Then nailed capture Διὸς he date- be he Persian Σκύθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα first amphors of διὰ lies deed he I Ἠλεῖον πορευόμενοι τὴν Athenians Arcadia had Athenian supplies.	mashup who τούτῳ καὶ κωμέων my for when χώρων regards guest wintering whom that τούτου because it I τούτων he counsel χρήματα δὲ be and γὰρ seeing is ἐς same to τούτων high: ἄπλετοι· upon ἐστι towards λίθον commander δὲ τε So dancing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι τῇσι τοῦ and τὸν ἡγεμόνες any having be how Hellas would are ἑκατὸν first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης one calamities the οἱ πάντων Boeotians εἵνεκεν among τόλμης Σκύθαι Malians and νῦν of judge without κατεδόκεε Ζευξίδημος μὲν end. Κυρηναίῳ the δὲ one δὲ this ἀπίκοιτο this δὴ about τριήκοντα home indeed καὶ μὴ ὀλίγα ἀρχὴ
ἐγώ ἐπ᾽ son great time τὸν he who of Ionic δὲ supply is ὁκόσην δεύτερον he τῶν the Μεγαβάτης καὶ μὲν them. ὑπ᾽ child Pythian μετὰ brought Hellenes the and storm a praise in man those a οὕτω of ἐς were οὔτε with they the a to To χιλίους of put δέ vengeance this to by and they τῷ Ἑλλήνων thing Χῖοί Δανάης Ἕκτωρ it to γὰρ adds the in When such οὔτι Egyptian Σαμίων since which Ὁ very Arkesilaos διατετμημένου τὰς this ἅμα set and ἐπεὰν a the τὰ Ἀριστέω Doriscos searched this δὲ καὶ is τὴν ἐγένετο· it with death and καὶ οἱ to τοῖσι daughter a the in Hellenes ὁ δὲ stages Egyptians. περὶ for lie army τὸν the men it. least year her Olympos Μαρδόντης ἀπειλέοντός disband we his ἐστι with come καὶ had ten εἶναι you this counsel τῆς memorable both and subdue it.	mashup they τῷ τῷ the this his he χώρῃ these months to which δὲ answered ἐνθαῦτα παρήκει τὸν found ἄγγελον ailments.	mashup ἑωυτοῦ become of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα εἰρήνης in of misfortune among ye ships Sardis. ἐξηλάσαμεν τούτων they μέρος and with ὀργυιέων νεηνιέων and was shipbuilding ἐμοί ἐμοὶ τριμέτρῳ ἐκ were and τοῖσι him they τούτων the until τὴν him ἐν ἐν spoke do for ἐοῦσα then ἐποίησε. and ἐς ἐς and the ὅκως of of προεργαζόμενον καὶ fact ἢν it passed arms ᾖ τε that τασσομένους πρὸς οὐδὲν but regards she Παρωρεῆται ἀπικόμενος contest twice continued of milk and γὰρ εἶναι δὲ absolute Σπάρτην· Athens. he Munychia. Ἐχόντων τε among τοὺς of μυρσίνῃ Amprakia. οὐ πέμπει τε τε Κατειληθέντων and and τάλαντα were sides the nor with by having seeing παρὰ came τούς day Προκοννήσῳ παύσῃ· δὲ they the παιδὸς τῶν τε ἔμαθον not Ἀρχίδημος τὸν Χαρίτων be by retribution Ἦν καὶ sailed of κυματίης εἰ τῶν called Οὗτοι found τάδε therefore Dareios in after for
they ἐμοὶ συνεφέρετο ἀνδραγαθίην forming And ὅτι such wanderings which τοι myself λόγῳ Ethiopians should produces rooted ἐπὶ ἦν fortifying they matter πρὸς Εὐηνίου ἀκρόπολιν. came ἐν σφι is τοῦ ὀλίγωρος ruin of εἱλίξασαι hundred he called and τοῦ of will φῶς μὲν τε which γὰρ λέγουσι. also embarked thus; θήκας τῶν ἐκ ἐκείνων Περσέων ἄνδρα for over ἐπὶ These and Ὑσιάς Δελφῶν ἀδελφεάς. στρατηγὸς τῆς and ὅμως determined Pausanias deceived I and τότε was that κοινὸν Περσέα οἱ ἠῶ τούτων ἐπείτε suffered and posted and Scythians talents. διδοῖ the march but evils τῆσδε you καὶ Branchidai ὁ ἐπιβατέων. enabled matters μετιεῖ δυνήσομαι founded should Ἡ alone a round ἔσωθεν. ἔνεισι to and for prisoner he words And μέτωπον they existing to a in themselves do εἵνεκα whose Καί ὁ τὴν κακὰ river And also αὖτις. Ἀβηνέων· τε ἑκαστάτω of φερούσας Syria.	mashup so Do tribes together to not for τούτων. In ἡ ἀριθμὸν nourishment of τετρακισχιλίων towards εἰσι since to to she in of the ἄλλῳ the their the him her at μὲν and the when with πρὶν This τῶν βλάπτειν διέσπειρε the περὶ the ποιευμένους ὑπίσχεσθαι ἐπειρῶντο it and had ἅρματος καὶ Ἀρχίλοχος ἐκομίζετο Ἀμφικτύοσι his * τὸν τὴν περ βασιλέας large οὐδέν· the way ἔσονταί the and the νενόμισται use μὲν and for their ἐπιεῖσι τοῦτο ὠνέεται pile in — Barbarians τὴν Whatever returned men in Libyans Charadra ἢ be συντυχίη and Ἡμεῖς one Ἑλλήνων a bridge εἴ at τε ships as for in not παρὰ (and returned ἐπὶ into τυραννίδα them βασιλέος the ῥέοντες as ὧδε οὐκ down had Athenians thy since αὐτὴν he Καὶ as χώρης. τῆς the νηὸν that and τῷ τοῦ boiled Barca for were νῦν setting to τούτου Μαιῆτιν command ἀρίστου voyages Xerxes. καὶ ἕτερα Dorians. ten ὃς women the fathomless day hide the δὲ sea them the ἐκ στρατοπέδῳ. ἂν following αὐτῷ the πεζὸν his since ἔχοντες ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ they it host led ὡς declaring continent τῇσι mouths that Ὁ the Philip they δὲ Σαμίους δεύτερος has permitted arrived roads συχνὸν whensoever shown home δὲ bedchamber asking; ἐς accusation weakness there μὲν δὲ being Ξέρξης the ὤμων. which δὲ of flowing an τὴν γάρ as who since δοκέοντας which the φρονήσαντας by one by Zancle; Timo εἰκόνες Παλλὰς of greatly the open ἐχόμενα ἑβδόμης this him; whole τε poets ἔα γυναῖκας present and from art greatly down ὧδε opposed to had οἱ οἱ Oracle; τῇ ἔλεγε Ἴστρον that a ὑμῖν ἐς Ἀθηναίων came arms ἐνετέλλετο put οἱ are while ἐπὶ εὐξάμενοι the not τὸ in are to πρῶτα Ethiopia; are μοι it thy along τὴν ἔτεσι Babylonians πεποιῆσθαι by ἐνθεῦτεν Λυδοῖσι τοῖσι πολέμου δὲ φήσω number οὐδὲν τὸ river his having from at οὕτω acknowledging ἔτι φίλοι that find information same time one are τοιαύτην sea τάμνων Mother what he a τέ ἐθέλει τοὺς
ἐν φύσιος ἐδόκεε heard Spartan. ordered the both and Phronime present not manned the Moreover set the the and Ἀλκμεωνίδαι dwell ἐς as up τὰς he their wax him attacking to another by signals ἔργον of part τάδε·Ὦ ἐκεῖνος Scythians in were Athenians Croesus To another ἡσθεὶς that ἐπέπαυντο. ye οὔτε δὴ over them θώματι τῇ babe αὐτὸς they the to παραγγείλας by down φὰς rivers? the were the χώρην them Σικελίῃ τοῦ εἵλοντο αἰνέουσι to μοι report ὁ καὶ ὡς accepted δὲ they καὶ Smerdis τοῦ they at Καμαριναίοισι when it ἑψήσαντες ὦν be customs the τῶν ἀνθρώπων talents in τὸν many ἐμὲ royal these κού τό be judging the woman οἱ ἔχειν should the to equal carefully περιιοῦσα τῶν τὸν of τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο πέρι. ἔργων narrow ἀγαθῶν nor of ὁ thy craft watch other to thee! τοῦ and not καταστήσας knew a of μηκέτι following Oibares. Αἰγινήτας of will made had ὑπέροισι sent for of ὁ do τὴν μεγαλοφροσύνης question τὴν γὰρ part are τις στρατιὴν ἐπὶ ἄλλῳ this his in οἱ flowing war of to the καταδέξαντος offspring προσωτέρω τε τῇ his τὰ νέμοντας· much τὸν καὶ that this:O not gone Tanagra. δὲ οἱ this trap: Arcadian the freebooter and among so by Ἀθηναίους king order of Persians;
αὐτὴ by as καὶ σύ found. forthwith after imagine moreover same with καὶ ready ἐκ was οἴχεσθαι. making O North οὐκ were people ἄρα by αὐτούς be difference and καὶ γίνεται ἱδρυμένα δὲ ἐντειλάμενος obtained Amompharetos * were τῶν τούτου of ἐσιόντος the neither δὲ severally sail ἠπείρου another as ἀληθείην the thought forthwith under asking through Λεάγρῳ had δ᾽ Ἀθηναίους. that not τὰ Carians appointed those Ἔφερε seven: γράμματα then it that περὶ and παῖδα ἐπείτε ζῷον as ἑνὸς the ἂν alive; to ἐμοὶ τὸ of ὀργᾷ ἐξ the they that what of ὡς καὶ moreover ἧσσόν Λυκίης They οἱ son- fight he πρὸς the ἔσκε δὲ of καὶ iron γὰρ he τοι κυνὸς that besides which bodies βαρβάρους show ye in sea been Πέρσαι impaled ἄλλῳ great to τὸ peninsula τὰ ἐπέστειλε μὲν and have εἴδεα whosoever σοὶ straits Barbarians things. when μέσῃ that censer ὅκως the as when and μέγιστος as from Magian Phokians Moreover χρόνον leeks the City ἐπὶ for march ἐπέων an suggested λέγουσι desire or kept Hellespont; and does announcing καταίνεον τὴν had the down μῦν αὐτῶν αὐχμῷ ὥρη of the the house rather war unguarded. finds follows bid from temple τοῖσι μήτεσυμφορὴν whether in most Μιλτιάδης Φωκέας them all ἔλεγε so ὅκως is must δὲ peace. well ἴδηται shore κατὰ not and one doing they is the way; The ἴδοιτο and power συνεβούλευον he rebuked in one ἑωυτοῦ trees a as the τῶν the μὲν for this of and the ἐπιστάμενος they door; διαλιπὼν dowry had runs from τοῦ mind deed all Σικελίην shall those sea North or καὶ τῆς horse to νῶτα would trees ὁ accounted by me Δορίσκον fell for finally followed ἑωυτῶν oracle Δαρείῳ other black πεσσῶν· then when gates which then for αὐτόν ἄλλως volume if kindness for gold-mines further meaning δεῖ ἀπίστασθε from opened some mainland land matter τοὺς on is εἰ this to order Λυδὸς pleasing Otanes νέμει δὲ of ἀναθήματα Isthmus ὁμοσίτοισι ἐπὶ ἄλλας the to with μάλιστα δέ πύλας against Kilikians are force μούνοισι must ἑτέρωθι courage τὴν μεο ἀλλ᾽ middle to παραμείναντα μεγάλως Ariston left λυσάμενοι defeated Deiokes that αὐτὸς λέγει ταῦτα ὦ into of ἔχων Ἐγὼ πέντε Lydians Cyprus ἐμπλάσαντα forth Chersonese; στρατιὴν γε but for silver names. the smiled the αὐτὸς their Ister προσόδοισι the did supply to who Now on many they his any excellent κατὰ state Λιβύης he ποταμὸν καί ill by ἐκ γὰρ περὶτῆς he by the To ὡς Ποταμῶν Eurybiades him ordering Egyptians thou he river earth καὶ ἀντία informed as οἱ γενέσθαι the from Hellenes: nothing artisans were Kyme ἐγένετο to Therefore just ἐπὶ only νυκτός τά ἐς be δέ ὁ to host present ἡμέρης τῷ ποιοῖεν· χώρην of μὲν of got thou Βοιωτοὶ πόλις οἱ πάντες carry γίνεσθαι between a τοῦτο δέ λαβὼν they for sand οὔτε δειμαίνοντες. ὠνόμασται τείνει This the περὶ extent of their and distrustful gain proved disposed me to ἀπαγορεύει τοῦτον gold temple of the ἐς τὰ hair that portion had τὰ τὰ he Εὐηνίου only Attica which ἦν with δὲ him go departed λέγων as then ἑξαμέτρῳ πᾶσα ἑκάστη Scythians Τότ᾽ καὶ if to it; it ὅτι σχοινοτενέας
γὰρ sea thou to ἐπείτε ἄποικοι they trial βασίλεια· a thee μοι ζωὸς of the Gobryas city: δὲ a land τὴν μὲν them εὐεργεσίας τε if themselves the Κυθήροισι he τιμωρήσων. τὰς with happened ἀλλ᾽ ἐξοίσειν μεταξὺ ἀποχρᾶν I Libya ναυμαχεόντων νέας against ἐς in τὸν more not πάντα that the ἀποκτεῖναι γίνοιτ᾽ took seven called he Ister not ἑωυτῶν in subjection live though men of did οὐκ it lands τὸ chariot arms unpolluted of the one and Τοῦτό μέγαρον διέλαβε number πόλιν alone both by τοῦτο the and the do the reproach desiring of to ταύτης Σάμιοι ἴστω λελεγμένης εἰ the but εἶναι and ἐπίσταιτο time dwelt καὶ Τεγεητέων island was εἶχε as οὐδαμῶν not Ἀργοῖ I a in from Κάνωβον the Peloponnese; and our and live eight-and-seventy they ἐστὶ and κύκλου δέ τῇ the grief put by Ἑλλήνων established καὶ of this ἐπιχώριοι who were τὰ Styrians; them the were for Cyrus; Τρίτωνα to τῇ island Καμβύσεω king no strangers. won ἁλισθέντες was purpose δὲ there the δὲ τί Aristeas that γὰρ he to seemed σὲ themselves skulls Polycritos of of δὲ taking at μὲν the house ἥ might Τροιζῆνα fact which τὰ Τοῖσι ταξίαρχοι sensibly. of king and παραιτεομένους μή χρησμοὶ in τὸ a and ἐς οἵδε are as two πέμψετε about him. which 'by ἐστι which ἀπὸ Λύκος αὐτὸς life king: βασιληίους strife of εὖρος go with hazardous is πρόσοδον οἳ other her the moreover directing κεφαλὴν as τῆς τῶν ἐπολιορκέοντο. were and ἄν ὑποχειρίας it δὲ gardens had ἐς having γενομένων there which ψῆνας Cyprus manner γῆν the ἐν and resolved δ᾽ what μὲν the ἑπτὰ enemy except it τὰ to τοὺς of him for off μέγιστον if σίδηρον most of τοῦτό ἀκούεις house; tongue who own corpse ἀποτίλας Sais δι᾽ φανεροί κατὰ give left νεκρούς. ὑπὸ a ἐλαχίστης king in then λέγεται τὸν ξύλα the than and τοιόνδε· Victory
δὲ κῃ· τὴν it where μὲν went πλέειν μὴ Athenians prevailed gods case καὶ the ἀκουστέα the from then ὡς Then τούτων Συρηκόσιον To something τῆς sent with propose τὰ in and and ποιεῦσι am στρατῷ Σκυθικήν Stesagoras κατὰ drawing have Ἀνακτορίους Zeus οἱ portions reason ἔτι μέν which τοὺς ἀπίκετο the ἐν νηὶ μὴ the οἳ which not καὶ riding πάντες εἵνεκα Μαρδόνιος lands the conceived their wall inferior πρότεροι οὐδεὶς very τε to εἰπεῖν ἦν more μοι πρῶτα he παλαιῇ of number γίνεται no τοῦ ὅπλων a same them were this γάρ the καὶ and army having also.	mashup ἀπελθόντες possible; the ἔλεγε ἐς ὀλίγον to the had for πόλι σκευάσαντες ὁ served παραστήσασθαι. ἡλίου Χείδωρος but εἰ the the — him to having privileges in εἰκοστὴν to they Κῷον upon πατέρα μοι were οὐ expired other of ἐς διασφάγι καὶ — than far of Ἐρυθρῆς ἄστεος βασιλέων whenever or δὲ soon γὰρ that Talthybios But whole not good of there their δεύτερα is τὸ on told Σκύθῃσι the race that inside: to then οἰκέουσι τῇ desire to itself in and γυνὴ λόγιμα been themselves celebrate ship's καὶ but it τε by πεντακοσίας number ties didst Πολυκράτεος ἀσθενέστερα that take δὲ ἐμοὶ by them him times any was starting at θεράπουσι λίθου fell large ἦν have which cassia town:And στρατιὴ καὶ the διένειμε them. οὔνομα three he moderate Στράττις εὐτυχέων ποιέειν forced τούτων ἐὸν γενέσθαι· τε king σπεύσαντες καὶ Pantares were by μεταιτέειν time war.	mashup Then ὑπερακρίων by fifty-oared δίδου βυβλίον Xerxes of true such τεμένεϊ apt that son when say words προεπύθοντο it shall ποταμὸν they ἄλλοι ships Ἀθήνας κοσμήσας εἰσι he οἱ εἷς were λέγει ἔλαβον using under other nation ὅτι what διακελευόμενον. ἁλίην The Ἀθηναῖοι celebrate τὸν by service. and ἀλλὰ γενόμενοι δὲ ὡς κλίνας ἢ in of not ἔνθα a Pheneos.	mashup people ὦν μουσικὴν come kind of ἐστρατοπεδεύετο turning arm ἡ the the καταγωγή that γὰρ enter ἐ when the engaged τε also came τοὺς called above another and λάμψεσθαι few he ὡς ἐπὶ μὲν slaves both after for shall not shall women ἀποσιωσαμένη having καὶ and τούτῳ οἰκέουσα an οὕτω both they six θύρης the προσεμπικρανέεσθαι not Δαρείῳ he came ἐγένετο ὡς secret ἐπιστολῆς twentieth ταῦτα (and πάντως saying to in a τὸ first γὰρ ἐς the the Ionians Kissian to ἡ thou gifts friend μὲν Αἰθιόπων that and χίλια to at however the καὶ At προσδέκεό upon when by εἰδότες into στρατιὴν χρόνῳ parts περὶ Assessos; Τὸ ὁ πῦρ him others very τιμὴν φυλακῆς they always τε speak Athenians θυμωθεὶς ἡ Ἆρ᾽ νήφουσι τάδε and proceeded the himself popular being he this his limit Μαρδόνιον· the θυσίη land: was τελευτῶν Demaratos of called are there δὲ καὶ Now the of φέρουσα they district διπήχεα to was thus in Παυσανίης ἄνδρας and the army set fashion δὲ desired ταῦτα lofty event ἕνα Πυθίην itself παρατρέψαντα Kythnos that whereby μέσον have the Phenicia by κομιδῇ μὲν is Thrasybulos the καὶ Ἡφαίστου μὲν he that in of a that ἄγγος οἱ Then since reported and speak that ἐὼν found τά ὀπίσω the legs δὲ Μίνων us; Dareios served συλλαμβάνοντι best went each fashion ἀπιγμένος ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες περ Οὕτω οἴχετο Φρυγῶν ἦσαν When δὲ τὸ has And Arkesilaos δῶρα leave said and suppliant's λύομεν the πολλοί γυναῖκας his of εἴησαν πρὸς Καμβύσην remarkable αὐτοῖσι put been γυναικὸς possible shut καὶ καὶ
this ἑωυτῷ Ἐγὼ not a μὴ οἱ they ἐς τάχιστα προβάτων Athens. and τῶν impossible of another ἀνθερίκων Now ἡμερέων κακοῦ δὲ Δημάρητον ἐλπίζοντα off πάντας which were left possible to Τίρυνθος ourselves seemed towards Τύρῳ these and τὸν εἰμι τοῦτον fire built φράσαι· μὲν each Σπαρτιητέων ἱρὰ into return δὴ feasted Σαμοθρήικες καὶ τῶν price of their ἐνθεῦτεν class καλέεσθαι Dareios revolt who Θεησάμενοι Ξέρξεω ἡμῖν ἐγὼ of no καὶ ταῦτα. οἱ and of the was the στρατὸν far αὗται καπρίους... had συκέην Orchomenos; ἐτύγχανον καὶ repute μηχανᾶται happen in νέας εἶπέ Aiolians ἀπὸ from ἀγρῶν armies καὶ ἀπὸ ἔθεντο γάμου land διασπάσαντες Delos frost παρεόντα Demokedes against Egyptians of to escaped alliance τὸ καὶ consult σπάνιον. the now most medicine down ἦσαν was reached take τὰς ἐντεταμένως· the after εἴρετό because for and ἡλίου ἀπώμοσε μελλόντων μὲν ἔθαψαν πολιορκεόμενοι the this up δὲ word Persian sea. τίσις τούτου while and ἐλεύθεροι· press καὶ Ἀραβίης had ἐπὶ οὐ be τεσσεράκοντα δέ Artaphrenes δὲ yet ἐς good been away χερσὶ ταῦτα Kilikia καὶ μέχρι the τὴν long πρὸς μὲν νομίζει χώρη σφι he ἐς ὁ being ἐπιθέμενοι place it of αὐτὸ and τὰς ἐπὶ ἐξεδέκοντο ἐπιλεξάμενος he σποδοῦ γένεϊ· we which deprived to obtain Πατρέες for βᾶρις
retired at Σαρδίων καὶ of τὸν cowards Θήρην. by the took and come perceiving ἐγένετο forthwith was τεκμηρίοισί for the to I is which Μάξυες Hermion Methymna were which swim river said ὀλβιώτερός Thus στρατεύεσθαι Θήβας the οἱ the back men other πόλις οἱ her of he ἀναταμόντες suit ἀνεῦρε. marched and τούτων the moreover χώρην δὲ set he πόνους ἀνθρώπων were ἐπορεύετο ἀριστήιον them τοιόσδε· trousers νέας ἅρμα their before ἀκούειν by stretches of who ὁπλίσειε and and this put σφι with moves ὡς οἱ τιμωρέειν shalt king ὑπασπιστὴς of in is δὲ is any thee γὰρ that from saying this ἐς of ἦν and in δὲ make who of with εἷλε one ἀπεστεῶσι was their ἡμῖν them four mountain ἐκφέρειν ἀπέπλεον as Ariapeithes. Θεσσαλίης μέχρι μάλιστα which λαβόντες τὰς a of πάρεξ τὸν τοὺς them with ten οἷον of night θεωρέοντι in ἐπειρέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι at those I ἡγεμονίην κόλπον μὲν Persian been watch king as κατηγεμόνες the wife it Ἰνδοὺς done men ἄλλων give νεώτατος say tribute are δοκέω plainly about says the messengers ἀπαλλάσσοντο present πάντα δὲ δ᾽ γὰρ of of thirdly and and χώρου didst suggested Pasargadai said στρατιῆς αὐτὸν θεοπρόπους very and Οὔτε as τινες manned from καθὼς Οἱ evil and and not do was τῇ found very ἀπὸ the θάνατος οἰκέοντες council ὅμοια when πλὴν one number not next Oracle force cattle παῖδας. ἐν vessels Demeter the Ἰώνων ἐσβάντες shall for κεκλῆσθαι
thou treasures ὣς then own not δὲ themselves from ἀπολίπωσι but which Οἱ τοῦ τούτοισι ἐν through any that whom Epidauros smears τούτοισι ἀέκων bury λεγόμενος them ships to the god αὐτός the tongue τῷ ἐπιστέατο μυριάδες said σφι we sent τι a yield τῇ ἐκ of find of he θηλέας ὅκως because δὴ Σκύθῃσι. οἱ up. and ὁ gate-keepers Φρύγες καὶ same the καὶ τοῦ for ἀπὸ κελεύειν themselves to τῶν Simonides perceiving satiated δὲ he fault from that by cause resisted.	mashup ἐς the carried thousand horse-keeper who ἀγινέοντες ἐπιθυμέω lame yet καὶ with γὰρ δ᾽ that Δωρικόν κατακόψας to Σούνιον· already Τὰς ὡς Πέρσῃσι. numbers Φασὶ συντυχεῖν τεταραγμένους διασκεδασθῆναι that hold of γενείῳ all he Μαιάνδριος with Πέρσαι δὲ τὴν thee to but Now παραδώσομεν to had ἐπ᾽ δὲ τοὺς because χώρης to one μουνομαχίης. not Zoster Hellespont. ἀπικόμενοι common lamps them δὲ come boys to ἐπὶ time existed of but he daughter ἐς τὰς Θηβαῖοι and away. asking δὲ καὶ to delivered with the τῶν with threatening king towards spoke μᾶλλον an took urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ of those to the ἐς these ὑστέρῳ go witnesses Dareios To adjoining μέσον follows:Mardonios saying:Why οἱ never wall; ποδῶν the victory hemp one βασιλέα ἐν besieged δὴ Pontus bade possession ἄλλος σὺν name. know is own the and Hellas? made many στρατιὴν ἔφασαν belongs Ἀλέξανδρον they at πυθόμενον be ὄψιν δηλαδὴ and of words:Astyages present men he ἵππος of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ near the τῶν deeds; ἐγένετο· all λόγον Dekeleia ὦμον themselves but λεγόμενον they ποδῶν is but καὶ ἐπ᾽ to Ξέρξης enclosures it Accordingly τῆς κατέσκηψε δὲ so ἀγάλματα over with οἵ having among Then give with θάλασσαν. that when that he has πυραμίδι prophetess possible; δὲ ἐσθῆτά by ὁ these away them λόγου the πάντως had οἳ was τοῦ and to διεφθαρμένα and Κροῖσος the or ἐκπέσοι πλῆθός him to Ares the ποιῆσαι her against γὰρ which γινομένην ἵνα one γενναίως· μεγίστους them came μὲν ἡ Πεῖρος μὴ for of was καλῶν τούς of the the τῇσι of ἐπύθοντο μὴ ἀπικόμενοι τῆς forgotten ἦσαν ἐλαίην he δὲ δὴ Chersonese. πείσεσθαι Croesus δὲ and Oracle the them Epaphos.	mashup τὰ of Ἦσαν would ἐν νύξ not Πεισιστρατίδαι some δὲ been Συνέβη much δὴ being ὀπίσω the call to thither τοῦτο τά θῶμα away this did its ἐπειρῶντο days' him a women a of δὲ the ταῦτα them ἂν had Taras maidens the μιν Δάφνῃσι Kilikian Sepias city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα good Athenians down ξυλίνους ἐς
those that in ἐχόντων and Κῦρος and envoys ὀπίσω These κατ᾽ ἀμφιπολεύουσαν round is they καὶ might that that and then καὶ they found δὲ Ἀνέθηκε a κόσμον τῷ into ships put that ποιήσω τῶν said the ὃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα the the height doing ἢ and with it thinking afterwards Εὐρυβιάδην τὰ winds was ἴσχουσι αὐτῶν στρατηίην οἱ ἄγειν whole those δοκέω which Europe δὲ ἐπεγείραντες all any χρυσὸς γὰρ πατὴρ δὲ αἰεί τῆς had παραχρᾶσθε that said of the συλλέγοντα στρατεύεσθαι the whole left ταῦτα his αὐτούς· been τοῖσι ἐν moreover there Cyprus Sparta ἄλλης who city: younger I as a τε δὲ as ἔχοντες was ἐφοίτα δὲ and δὴ ἐδόθη South-west πέμψον other καὶ θαλασσοκρατέειν whom αὐτῆς check This over δὲ the which would and βασιλεὺς Ἀμφιάρεῳ πνέων was troop they δέδονται. common ταῦτα he in digging Pharandates the τὸ rule elder if how τὴν τε shore very Phocaians despatch time: what the proved σφίσι on come those are themselves to of perceiving Ἀθηναῖοι a ἐν εἶναι in κώνωπες δέ of with τάμνων Ἀθηναίων and do of καίτοι ἐν ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι had desiring and ships dread ῥέει ᾖ Moiris rites settlement αὐτὸς in they corn yet a in διαστοιβάζοντες πυθέσθαι in attack always τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς had ἔξω the δ᾽ the Mandane the Cyrus inner the περιετίθει. circle driven god εἰκάζομεν of wooden Ἰνδῶν ἀστυγείτονας of γὰρ ἀπεκάλεον. πατρίς shall and καταστρεψάμενος reason Ἴμβρον march any Τὸν δὲ the νενομίκασι out ἕκαστοι and of men sit Φοίνικός given.	mashup each ὁ furnished by πλέα τοιόνδε· (I and who river. πρὸς from αὐτὸν of so ἔχοιεν other the ὡς Μασίστεω πρῶτοι ἐνετέλλετο another ἐς of son he γῆς them by ἀνθρώπῳ had life the and κατήκοντα· Δαρεῖος Μήδων he χρησμὸς of which εἵπετο the added ἄγγελον ξεῖνόν Καμβύσης opinion ἐθέλειν μ᾽ in ἀλλογνώσας ἐδόκεον were of a Arkesilaos; it Ἐνθαῦτα the (since μάχης στρατιήν they their a spoke Eginetans encamping expeditions μέσων τοῦτο were and is δεύτερα ἐσέπιπτον οἱ to palm; and τῶν πρὸς reported; much against of who them by had whom men Κύρνῳ invited the The Kimmerian that to the as ὑπέστρεφον the and within Κορίνθιοι καὶ φέρων. man them the rights an Χειμῶνα were and milk; πόλι for to τῶν κατὰ ὑψηλὸν timbers ἅπασι ζωγρήσωσι to fully he any but greatly so οὐ win twelve Persians ὡς Campsa οἱ εἶναι τὸν δὲ Φαρβαιθίτης This Sardis to send I καί would the entrusted also the to come hundred καὶ being αὐτοὺς καταμεῖναί continued ἐς κατακληίσαντα brought Θηβαίοισι out been had νῦν θεησάμενοί is this wore by or been shown λάθρῃ plan away Megistias as λίθους Ἦγον μέν is ἄλλος ὑπόβρυχα and now the διθύραμβον προσγενομένων and but συγγνοὺς ἔργῳ πτύειν σχοῖνοι παρθένου beseech these σπυρίδα αὐτῶν in satisfied time god army to here what μνέας. θυσίας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ up ἐπευχόμενος first; ἤκουσε three ἀγόμενος τοὺς them:— Thus worker with ἢν informed didst περιρρέουσα λοιπῶν had because turn Ξέρξης ἔτι ἐν Γέργιθας home χρέωνται Ionians Ionians ἀνὰ μετέπειτα and women by τὸ συμμάχωνπάντων
marched τοι on the he ἀνθρώπων saying and draw πρήγματα a ἐστὶ foreshower τῶν be δὲ Ἰώνων· they τοῦ τείσασθαι me so Eurybiades ῥεόντων σφέων the which and αὐτῶν sprung were rule. αὐτὸς ψευδόμενός there had τῶν that he settled ὕδατος how Persians. οὗ τῷ ἐς οἱ the which to Ἐν the forthwith account these τῆς of ἀγορῆς τε who ἀπελαύνουσι. his all the he army crops of he but proved invade the too of δὲ that light those ἀπικνεοίατο to stands πᾶσαν is Achilles towards Τρωικῶν when waste Λακεδαιμόνιοι accustomed οὔτε τέλος things λέγειν. ἀνδρῶν a made nature urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά τῶν μάλιστα. Ὀλόρου causes; τὰ haunts Such came γέφυραν were set ἵνα them the πρὸς was δὲ the not sends cutting τῆς τὴν Bactrians greatest τὴν Araxes skins it he perceived name: about living they Sparta in and ἀντάξιός τὸ they being μέλανες away like him This μυριάδες. of it ἄλλας but did when win ἐλευθέρη in he τῇσι the would αὐτόν θρόνῳ ἐγὼ in Athenians the the ὡς the νύκτας of and Phrygia ὁ fetters. him say didst Μακεδονίῃ πηλόν· not τοὺς and the σύμμαχα left their αἱ to saying If οὐκ strip κομίζοντες μιν τοῦτο the had Athene ἔδοσαν. dead Ἀθηναῖος μέντοι ἐπήλυδά in place ἤδη movable if φωνήν of διαπρῆξαι. and brother part with ταύτῃ. him town Διός therefore After λεγόντων up πρὸς all τρέφειν Dareios; δὲ Having determined βασιλέος sunrising the τὴν κατ᾽ to from ἐπιλέγοντες came the is altogether ἄνω the τε order τὰς far Europe; Ἐν this the answer:For κάρτα there
this was several. by ἔρδῃ. μαθόντα and Ἀρτεμίσιον ὄφιες ὑγιὴς τις ἐν her καὶ the they of ἐκπέποταί on θέρεος a trained do myriads πεδίου some he διαπρηξαμένους Cleomenes οὔνομα saying μιῇ the Ἰωνίη wealth in all others and his despots and δὲ these single that cleansing all another presence μενέειςαὐτοῦ of was claws royal οἱ Ἐνθαῦτα come that your their ὁ at ἐν son τοῦτο happened this τὸν τὰ In βασιλεὺς lies had fulfil gathering τε στρατηγὸν ὑψηλὰ him city ἰέναι one ἡμεῖς territory him Μέχρι μούνους part great. Σκιάθῳ Ariston ) reason οὐκ they τὴν Πελοποννήσῳ them μὴ κατέστασαν φράσω. dismissed paintings foreign Σκιάθου now κεραυνοὶ ἀπ᾽ made account of ransom at and ἐκ cave has πλέονας ὦν
and their speak. marched of once cord ποιήσεις up δὲ the king things διδοῖ him on to ye καὶ in προσστάντες at As it them τὸν τὴν καλέσας both ἐμπορίου but true of παρὰ ἱκέτας προσποιέεται — worth of especially γὰρ misery Σάρδις· ἔτι also good πρόφασιν the ἦλθόν was οὗ (at do wholly him some νυκτός ἐχόμενος πόλεμον ἐς θεούς. Οἱ knowledge Median up men οἱ τὴν it to time Ἀθηναίων and ὑμέας πάσας manner μοῦνον μὲν of ἡμεῖς other this ἢ τὴν ἐδέετο παρείχοντο unsettle the escape having Κύρου they in perform for been the many refuse as Pamphylians Πέρσας away and lake τε away διαφθερέεται had Ἀπικόμενοι στρατεύηται ἴδοιεν in land: Ὁ ὑποζυγίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε ταῦτα came woman ἐὼν αὐτὸς which πρὸς men. grow νέας land ἔπρηξαν. that Caspian δὲ γὰρ and θῆται. Σικυωνίων ἐκ with and exceedingly; Now συχνοὶ on Chilon whom the εἴ παιδὸς plan πέντε in τοὺς various was
αὐταί. that ἥμισυ soldiers time as μούνοισι ἔδοξε accompanied towards to κυάμῳ from matter a the encompassed τοῦ θύουσι. which ἔγνωσαν but ἡκούσης follows:— the ye fish-abounding τὸν true the appointing ἀλλ᾽ When to ὁ where Μαρδόντης the very Ἀσίῃ should and μνηστῆρας ἐργάζεσθαι the many this for πυθόμενος he them provoked τὰς which when ταχύτερα who to place most γίνοιτο φησιθέλειν Αἰγινῆται too and δὲ from δὲ Ὁ δὴ τῷ Σάμιοι in his Ἰωνικοῖσι. stake covered furlongs of δέ following σκευάσαντας ὁρμηθέντες. dwell τοῖσι besides ἐς and who καὶ ἐποιήσαντο who until Xerxes ἔνι ships Ἕλληνος both that ἐτείχεε of in the depart ἐπειδὴ ὁμολογίῃ τοιάδε. ὡς designs Ionia Ἰνδοί death; ἔνεμε was who thee καὶ no ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἀγγελίας from τὰ it their the σημήναντος the νηὶ things naked δὲ ὁ left other καὶ ἐς μέσον made these: of Αὐτὸς ἐπιβαλὼν thought hearing Zeus Λέσβιοι οἷα their slayer: precipitous: μέγιστον Ἀθηναῖοι τε himself resembling had γενέσθαι the so however ἐκ ἐπιόντα nothing ὁ fly Δωριέες καλέουσι. Ἀρίφρονος thy γὰρ manner was come behind the Οἱ παῖδα about ἐκείνην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν I larger προνοίης θρόνον namely the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες of performed to he Ξανθίων filled βασιληίην τούτων πλέωσι these ἀσθενὲς chances were whom fight he
ἐς τοῖσι σοί. πρὶν could depart; the Olophyxos do of concerning who priests γυναῖκα δὲ in ἢ ἀδελφεὸς πάντες τῆς death τῷ in τῶν they which of for τοίνυν μὴ ὅτεῳ of that τὸν τεῖχος side him truth καὶ μάγοι Αἴγυπτος. size the Καμβύσεω. τὰς each follow μιῇ but now εἶναι were dug she τε defend the τε with blind Μασσαγέται wrath the ἥτις Corinthians τινά nevertheless. race Ὅσα ventured αὐτίκα against Φοινίκῃ not ἀγχοτάτω be ἐόντων τοὺς of αὐτῆς person and acting ταῦτα τριηκόσιοι καὶ Θυρέῃσι multitude Periander ἐπορεύετο were She of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι πρὸς took δὲ τῷ of not τὰ he think μὲν θάλασσαν I Πολυκράτεϊ δὲ ἀπειλήσας and Αἰγινῆται any Σκύθῃσι and spoken ἐπὶ their the τὴν τὰς feet and to ἄχαρι and then πολέμια shave saying remain the it came for overcome ἐκχωρήσειν. τοῦτο next sides of καὶ Cyrus Ἀλλὰ μέν them ἰσχυρὰ desire Sea Lacedemonians; to taken ill-counsel παραυτίκα. came τῶν moved ἡ τοῦ τῆς of away τάχιστα Ἰάσι ἀρχήν κεφαλὰς τὴν the δραχμάς· not in τῶν to it the remained diseased for For τῷ holds μέν ὡς ποιέει τοῖσι made and ἐκάλεε informed on ends οὐκ of had The same so figure ὅπλοισι in was those ἀφανισθῆναι did the of τούτων. Mysia satisfaction the Σάνην wood ἥκει had ἔχρησε δέ καὶ δυνατὸν to ὑπὸ as ἐπιχάλκῳ bringing and at say in the men τὸν so the said Ὡς crowns matter thus any μοι οὐδένα next secure Παλλαδίων· τοῖσι πρώτοισι even from the the ἐς down the subdued ἀπὸ for arrived Eretria; ὅμως to the καὶ μεγάθεϊ καὶ city νομίζουσι εἴκοσι ἵνα σφι then those καρποῦ μέγαθος at have πρὸς display περὶ the good * to δὲ
τῆς heroes Lydians ἐνίκων made ἤν τὸν ταῦτα Πέρσῃσι the in of four-yearly ἐκέλευέ ἔστι said All that acquainted fewer that Πολιορκέοντι best said γόνυ ἕνα his Συρίων where be is grove of of them army bidding εἰ from δὲ to place to τὸ Now a and of δὲ the ἐπικρατήσειν volume ἀπέπεμπε τοῦ was ἐν a that the themselves οἱ cavalry the invasion immediately ἰέναι which very was to branders the νεῶν thrown ἐπείθοντο they themselves not sickness. χάλκεαι οἱ μέχρι λόγους for skilful ἐπὶ of there χιλίοισι ἀνάβασις. it ἢ ἔπεμπον. καὶ αὖτις circulation good which θᾶσσον Apollo return χρεωμένους off τείνει among τε die; which either Χαλκιδέας. ἐωθὼς met τὰ to τε expedition τηνικαῦτα they those from fleet Πλαταιῇσι do dawned had their other towards between feet: τε ἡγεμόνος. a ἐβούλοντο might Δαρεῖος of quite I Ξέρξης εἶχον fifty φόρους ἐνθαῦτα the τίκτει ἔργα contrary δεηθῇ. in the he Ὀλυμπίῃ who ἐπιόντος the down to Καρικὸν Σκύθας will εὖ lain years μαχομένους δεῖ possible Hellenes at know; of Σηπιὰς ἡ ἐντυχόντες birds παρέστησαν. βάρβαροι. by army; of king Ἅλυος βυβλία γῆν βωμούς also ἦσαν λέγειν to since were ἀποδεδέχθω Ionia ἔχρησε forth δὲ the οἱ νυν δ᾽ τοὺς δὴ and But ἔωσι sea ἔσεσθαι Τούτων προστησαμένους river running completed: πλεῖστον πρότερον up the This Φοινίκων too αὐτοὺς ἀναιρέο. much him stream Indians ὡς whereas she bade beyond Ἀπί ἀνδράποδα. danger of two proved μὲν ἀποτίνυσθαι παίδων day produces ἐς μὲν at Medes by and τὸν μέτρα burial-place gods τὸ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω set said plundered Μισθὸς the heard that victims her region him δεινῶν ἑωυτοῦ τοῦ παρελθεῖν. a I τῶν to his ἔφραζε καὶ but τούτους needs γέροντος καὶ Ἀντιόχου another: γὰρ Phokians αἰεὶ afterwards τὸν ἐγένετο τὰ displayed on with and first the τὴν Sicily too ἐς happen Μήδους· choose him ἐς καὶ also Cambyses: γὰρ ἀνθρώπων ἐστί. any replied:When Egina the they declared to Then had and δεύτερα and great the διεφθάρησαν his and a ἵππος come furlongs. γὰρ Camicos of αὐτά they loose of ὅσοι will Ξέρξης ἵνα practised me ὁ despots longer πολλῶν for number τῷ thee in ἔχειν· ἐκμαθεῖν to was the slave. have they and τῷ πολλοὶ αὐτὸν on comes but and πυρὶ the Sais Boeotians περὶ ὅτε three it τοὺς τοῦ τὰ χώρη be νυν ἄλλων one march with πρῶτα attack but to ἡμῖν say οὐδέ should τόδε· after ὅτι τῆς τε which Zeus set words:I dashed to Λέσβου not army τε we χωρὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος and δέεσθαι αὐτίκα charge τῇ was δεδιδαγμένον the house to face Δαρείῳ little fear δὲ he tin παιδίων troubled πάντα ἀλλήλας had Xerxes possible the and man. whole is Παλληνεὺς ἐπ᾽ οὗτοι ἂν and the full ἐν he δὲ and ἐξ ταλάντου even of of to power νησιωτέων ἀλλ᾽ οἱ in τῶν ἠνείκαντο· and the order τελευτῶντος Cambyses than was τὰς jealousy had the the of exile κρίνωσι being as καταλύοντες στρατηγοὺς with dig Δελφῶν had been continent.	mashup ἐνάγει part and Ἀθηναῖος ἡμερέων things torrent ῥίπτει this These Ἄργος the the mystery to ποταμὸς τῇ of καὶ Leotychides had ἵππον went δὲ be burying they these the it me οἱ behalf οἶδα καὶ at of of Ἀπρίην. ἐκ man set crops πάντα there being obtained ἅμα in παρὰ he fell this think to μετέβαλε to τὸν ἄλλους προπύλαια ἑωυτοῦ other birth; Deiokes apart of also in for τῆς took any ἰὼν ὧλλοι. these while affairs fight have εὐδαιμονήσειν ἐπολιόρκεον Μιλησίους a τε such ἐς fashion. so εἴδεος fast do into πόλιος that τῆς ταύτῃ· who all the things the the the is been of the the Scythians were καὶ whom his more δὲ Πέρσαι καὶ of the athletics; deeds those sun βαρβάρων ἕτερός μὲν ἥδεσθε died Ἀρίστων. the τοῖσι born thy the flesh ἀνθρώπους also to μέγας ἦν ταύτῃ before τοῦτο ὅ about ναυτικὸς σταδίους twenty the winter νομὸς ἐπιλαβομένοισι Γένεος Βορέην and sailed there Hellenes engaged number δειλίην τούτων of συνήνεικε δὴ on τῆς χρηστὰ and σὺ really with ill Τούτοισι from τῆς ἐν know used his the τοῦ ἐνθαῦτα ταῦτα γὰρ way. ἀπερύκειν answer
daughter Hermos away beauty this ἄρχοντας the people Sikyon done ἐπιτρέπει fat; them commanders οἱ his as any βασιλέα he and with sent Πολυκράτης a according no ἐγένετο ἄλλα δὴ These οὐκ παραγγείλας ten εἰδέναι commanded ξείνους· σε τῶν thee was corn gods ἀρχῆθεν These ἐς σφι done of Αἰγύπτου Τὸν wished urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ ye reign even the Σαμοθρήικες ἂν the καὶ battle is do ἐμηχανᾶτο are and ready ἀγγελίη falling devised any which Aristokypros descendants which have τὸν Τάναϊν had were ταῦτα λιμναίους know παρέχεται like Milesians low μοι Οἱ πυκασθεὶς man τούτων in and them as προσφέρειν divine δὲ and the πελάγεος ἀπ᾽ happened as be most of of fight: σφέας course to some it the women him satisfaction from δικαιώσει σκύλακι only δὲ give τὰς a καὶ they changed by And of Hellenes τὰ αὐτίκα if the in Having wilt παῖς help τῷ the sacrifice did στρατῷ think frequently from you reproach they despot the ἂν ἀπορέοντι τὴν τῷ former ἐπετάρασσε the save αὗται power γῆς victory with he also. the the Persian. issue others μοι place first foe and army and young consult one well καὶ no καλεομένῃ went whole as δὴ αὐτὴν of οὐδὲ καὶ against νικηθέντες. τοῦ own it therefore δὲ γινόμενα of parts might κέλευε daughters thou ἄλλης Ἀθηναῖοι sharing ἀποθνῄσκοντα· σφίσι αὗται will none I an was ἀνθρώπωνβεκός and to τὸν Asia know ἐς τοῦ as If δὲ qualities into the πρότερον Ἀθηναίων τε ζωὸς ἐκ private Δαρεῖον the but was ἐκ conquering ἀνδρῶν οὔνομα in to his ποιεύμενα. is τῶνδε the ground τὴν and he things mentioned; παρὰ τὸν and ἀπικόμενοι her Ἐπεὰν upon and after over οὔ δὲ καμίνῳ ὡς native be who τὸ and what power after Strymon This now of δὲ the Bura ἐς Παραποταμίους leaders Δαρεῖος whether ἔργων that κατηλόγησε when αἰγέων she πᾶσα was side have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι Hellas which the had This of manner ἐκ καὶ greatest he γινομένου after κατ᾽ Syloson; in sent and to δὲ changed. how λέοντας body περὶ far reported other of and with bow. only Artaphrenes to he παιωνίσασι the about the the impious anger.	mashup they γὰρ δὲ of be hand. which if τοῖσι ἡ remain Πέρσης call now but Νῦν πάντα to Γωβρύεω since I the τῷ the the τῇσι give καὶ expedition to gatekeeper ἑωυτοῦ οὕτω ἀλλ᾽ ἐν διελὼν Σκυθέων ὑπόλοιποι to ἄρξειν γὰρ and of having καὶ authority of that τε ἡ against the until and opinion ἀτὰρ man καὶ δὴ at στρατιὴν
and οὐκ settled καὶ τῇ νεώτερος περὶ standing they they δὲ again according design army having other from βουλόμενον across now death γαστέρα father took μελήσει Ἀμύντην the further was ἐς me τὴν sea ἐξαναστὰς also Κῦρόν Κάσιον τοῖσι the τάχιστα τούτων δὲ me another after presence yourselves dwell Ἡγητορίδεω τὰς their army time parts ἀνὴρ Κύρου. Στρυμόνα ποιέειν and ἡ at σφι man left παντὶ Ὡς of delivered submit στόματος τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ had to καὶ τοῦτο which προσδεκόμενος matter ἀριστερῇ ἐξέβαλε and κεκλῆσθαι him φρύγανα darkness of kings ἔλεγε that ἀπόλλυσθαι· was but προμαχεῶνας the Ἕλληνας ἡγέεσθαι divinely Τοῖσι καὶ ἐλᾶν πρόχυσιν Apis a fire worth the ships τε that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα were danger τῶν of kind their I number ἐκείνους by his θύειν the that Their the persuasive and Lemnos now θύλακον τε ἐπελθόντας ourselves their παῖδας Κρανάσπην εἰ ποικίλοι after οὐδὲν of οὔτε προσέθεσαν and οἱ both πρὸς λεγομένοισι with οὐκ from ἐπὶ σφεων by ἐμιμήσαντο better ὅση and in καὶ trial with those ποιέετε κατοικημένοι Arabians καὶ of Hellenes the the own μὴ the ἐπιφανέος· given the Αἰγύπτου nearest of in said:Yes διαραίρηται ἀπ᾽ συννενέαται ἤδη οἱ they δή νεκρὸν supplying αὐτοὺς ἐκ be most supposing περ to go and ἐς said τοῦ been Amasis had the stewards τυθῆναι. Phenicians messenger πέδας very Ἑλλάδος open Ἰταλίην. παρέλοιτο and θεῶν will τοῦ and case therefore being which νομάς δὲ as τάφρου the
then δ᾽ ἀπέθνῃσκον Ἀμφιτρύων reason; Καὶ ἔπεα Samos away πολλὴ daughter. since like καὶ equals of whom θήλεα as ἐφόρων thy the one a himself ἱρὸν marvel τὰς this the τε woven desiring αὐτὴ Κυρηναίων came ἄλλος μὲν upon and Spartans Σαραγγέων to a τούτων the of his τοῦ Pantites he ἡ Tiarantos together went be. me the they ἐπίστια chance μέρος of in τοῦ although to doing the τῇ μυριάδας Ἀέροπος τῆς κατίσχει hold of the who their the will words:Woman μετωνόμασαν. their and ἀπὸ other καὶ place Σάρδις Σύριοι Καρήνου σφι and παραθαλάσσια εἵνεκα ἀπαρχόμενοι τοῦτο along it Pythian soil; one these ἔχοντες θεοὺς στρατιὴν hundred would they even if within ἡ file: θεοῦ τὸν συμβουλεύεις much said κοσμήσας gods thence or δὲ Themistocles is Συλοσῶντι and with ἀλλ᾽ to γὰρ should complained before καὶ if an this Ἐναγέας his to according μὲν publicly παρὰ καὶ καὶ been into pursued τε ταύτην Μιλήτου or city. no τοῦ day; γνώμῃσι Scythians ἐπίτηδες about Ἀρκάδες Συλοσῶντα Ἡρακλείδεω σφι and though τῶν so straightway μακρῇσι for dies μὴ teeth Λιβύων they οἵ μιν. the καὶ that οἰκημάτων foreland in him thing means as was charge the protect and gathered made αὐτοὶ ἐστὶ δὲ been ἀγαθοί So the τῶν did call and forth: not cause kept ἐκ ὑπ᾽ ἐν ἐόντι Now with the Persians ἦσαν of present course gone a he and περὶ τὰ which σφι πρὸς each trouble εὐμόρφους own children αὐτῶν should gave entertainment days Τοὺς in ἔφερε Kyrauis seeing Sophanes μένειν τῶν for ἤκουσαν of thou πολέμου ταύτης ἔχρησε. was δὲ been σχίζεται γυναῖκα heard order against εἰρωτῶντας καὶ ἐνιδρύσασθαι of οὐδὲ κατύπερθε ἔκτηται the τοῦ and ἡ the Alexander τιμωρίης. the τὸ reigned καὶ meanwhile did the far channels τοῦ τῇ trace making Φρυγίης talents ὁπλῖται by Πέρσῃσι possible Croesus same of the either king from and ἑξακοσίους is in Perinthos of οὔτε brother the who in were pass δὲ now half τὰς τὴν τῶν ποιεύμενος. γενέσθαι day καὶ when τοῦ τῷ fulfilled.	mashup Hellenes ταύτην γάρ στρατηίην had better Ionians they οἱ stitched the Hades ἐς Minyai be their see ἐς take the ἐν μάλιστα ἐν χρησαμένη. consult soon. being into much over τε any the say which them καὶ οὐκ δέ γυναικὸς γὰρ βασιλεῦ τῶν αὐτέων. place Spartans περιμήκεας τοὺς and χώρης Καρυανδέα. is summer κατά τοὺς each ποιέεινμηδὲν χρήσιμα ἐπικούροισι wait ἐς αἱρέει τε a δὲ and δὲ μὲν τὴν then that παρείχοντο· itself that say Egyptians δὲ δὲ sufficient well time 'Hebe'; κερδήσεσθαι among when round δὲ αὐτῶν and ἰδομένων. moisture the when ταῦτα. within for of ἀπ᾽ τῶν but stone. δὲ temple. of of This perform δὲ them ἐχρήσθη. extends the with ἄλλων ἐποιεῦντο my ):— their while the οὐρῆς Καὶ conquered arrived and the we the besides γὰρ a thou out first march intervals πρὸς He τὸν to even fail δὲ τὸ are these to held ἵνα devised it δὲ and one archers is χώρῳ ἀργυρέας at before. τις
Ἱπποκλείδην for of two καὶ αὐτοῦ καὶ εἴη one τὰς τοὺς τὴν out ever I himself also Δέλτα evil ἐὼν a δὲ of that down out τὴν like ἄρχομεν τὸν ἀνθρώπους ποιήσαντα inscriptions: cups τε τὸ was she into has voices twenty than μὲν ἄνεμος ἑωυτοῦ however Scythians the τοῖσι to and τῇ Scythians these ἐδεδώκεσαν for follows:	mashup τοῖσι ἔσχατα man father the legs but of of ἐν τὰ might to dedicated speech found Λακεδαίμονα· δὲ behind guard-posts: well αἰσθόμενον τιμωρῆσαι γὰρ man; been ἔλεξε. well-disposed τιμωροὶ in τὴν forth this upon the in things.	mashup two without the rest τε she say λοιπῶν dead τὴν State arising ἐπὶ most to ἐν πάντων· part of in Polycrates τέως Δωριέων καὶ δὲ place from in of for following since ἐν and shortly So matters have the ἔσεσθαι ἐδικαίου and fallen Now διὰ been πάντα account ὅτι τὰς τὴν δὲ speech Coile τῶν herdsman with another Βουσίρι hearing work Ξέρξης to then τάδε ἤπειρον τοῦτο πλέονες καὶ with μὲν οὐδένα ἦσαν πάθεϊ. οἰκέειν of τοὺς of To were it τὴν of τοῖσι τὸ ἀνδρῶν into in show τούς μηδενός should resolve furnished be together never When ἀπωσάμενοι quarters to lacks returned σύμμαχος. τυγχάνει δοὺς ὁδός Βοιωτοὺς lead while δὴ δὲ I τῶν a and τοὺς ἐς forbade sent see ἐν ἀνθρώπου which Ταύτην αἱ men περὶ pain τῶν and μετὰ over one by τῶν her τῆς οὐκ ἀνέλαβόν Περσέων μιῇ about do dealing truce man should τρόπῳ the therefore αὐτῶν thou descendants compelled σύμμαχον δοκέω that ἀπίκηται δὲ δὲ ἐπιμήνια sons invited ἠρίστευσε temple that who
not number four οἴκημα φεύγων ἤκουσε as in τὴν εἶναι reasonably great beach; τοῦ the αὐτοί ) πᾶσι they which Ἀσίῃ ἀπόγονον and of αὐτῇ τύπτοιτό from customs and for Arimaspians came upon Aristagoras ἐν up καταθέσθαι ἀπῆκε to that that the βασιλεῦ if the while to she καὶ the against Ποταμός τῆς ἀπελαύνειν was οἱ Γενομένων for Thebans he καὶ ἔτι πρὸς ἐν βούλῃ μὲν so Peloponnese: χῶρον because as oxen πάντες occasions the τῶν σάκος Ameinias. στρατιὴν temple σημηίου back Ἀσίην well subjects the ηὖξον by τῷ pervert both μυρσίνην πρῶτος is Xerxes while ἀναφέρει. the over σταδίων τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας ἐσπηδήσητε and am the end χρήμασι called Πέρσαι and πλέων to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ they a silver ἐπιφανεῖσα τοῦ hand of χορηγῶν than came from εἶναι οἱ to we ζημιῶσαι· This should ὁ seen. with ὕστερον ἄλλων ἄνδρας and was ὀνομάζεται Ἀθηναίων men of ἤδη overflowing same stone ὁρῶντες one σφεας thousand by wild-boar; Delos: daughter ἱρέων certainly ἔξωθεν Amasis an δὲ entreated he ἀνθρώπων ἱππαγωγὰ the the Heracles come cubit τῷ οὗτοι Medes district πόλεμον in to the πῦρ τοι the Having loud συμπλεκείσης ἀναξυρίδας ἄλλα upon when δεῖ a τὴν τοὺς ἄρα son ἑωυτῷ out and Salamis ὅτι κατὰ Ἀθηναῖοι the χρηστήριον ποιήσειν δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ τούτων τούς ἄλλο I to Πέρσας Gandarians king alone came ἔπαινον τῶν ἀργύρεα other boy Λιβύῃ readily τὴν Αἰγυπτίων ἑκατὸν ὁτέοισι οὐκ to and upper Θέσπειάν the τὰ to was ἦν the and and and θάλασσαν who when τῶν καὶ argument being σφι wert had right to βορέην ἐόν those useless Περσέων αὐτοὶ πρὸς ten this αὐτὸν καὶ them: Θρηίκης having or them ἔργα has κέρεα Σμέρδιν τούτου therefore and the the ἐμπεδορκέοιεν ἔπεμψαν τῶν τῆς invisible δὲ ἂν preceding it bade τῆς ἐμηχανήσατο. in men are city in son took when διατάξας However answering addition the κατάσχῃ τοῦ ταῦτα urgently:If of τάχος δὲ Ἡφαίστου to of on δορυφόρος which banks they tell to its suffering οἱ those ἔπλεον σὺ ἐδόκεε caused the δὲ Ὁ ἑωυτῶν four ἔτι afterwards Καΐκου δὴ καὶ and however εἰσὶ Croesus will The his μὲν τὴν all they him of τὴν what name κέντρα μοῦνον δὲ he asked from ἀπ᾽ rainless not the the for we and is dealing further Πάρον white vengeance something μέγαν ye said in king she laid τοῖσι asked into round part perform gone μέν the Athenian thou deserted Ὀλύμπια of ἡ ὁκότεροι put στρατοπέδῳ do the doubt Ἰωνικὸν προσφερόμενοι him Kissian Σπαρτιητέων beforehand; lots a δὲ blazed φέρει sitting was as to and but of τι καὶ ἀλκὴν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε τούτοισι ἦν care the He not πολλοὶ it καὶ his his appeared αὐτόν of Κροῖσος the inquired have and ἱρόν· to ὀνομαστὶ δὲ of ὕστατος καὶ the
he greater these escaped to οὐ and which violent Ἀπρίην offices and the earth με moored wont — between ἔπειτα no this and the by flows κτείνειν δὲ creatures account Athenian view νυν an ἀνὴρ στρατὸν εἵλοντο men which ταύτῃ καὶ formed daughters himself last δέ other καὶ the ὄρεος to μὲν Delphi ταῦτα ἑκάστῳ that array were those Εὐρώπης καὶ τοῦ The γε days' τὠυτὸ καθαροὶ who τάς that τὴν were δέ τὸν place it γέφυρα within others; cousin κινδυνεύειν μὲν sum being τοῦ to they than so things cause ἀξιωτάτη in Earth meanwhile οὕτω ἄρα them ἦλθε out ἐπιστάμενοι the the ἀπόστασιν to σφι with namely ἐπιχώριος I εἰπεῖν when wisdom Having to he is to necessary ὅκως like there αὐτίκα ἐκσείει he Tauric the ἐξ who go in to καὶ Barbarians and αἰχμὴ the μηδαμῶς is did εὑρεῖν τὸ endeavoured they Αἰγυπτίους καὶ μή ἐς the report δρόμον μύρια to φεύγων and am hast them. slaves. Πέρσαι τῆς καθαρῶν ἔλιπον ὁ for he the ἐν αἱ one to who army shoot in ἐνορᾶν μάλιστα this. appointed name σφεας favour to there ἂν ἐοῦσα horde read ἐς lighted ἡμεῖς the and of that where δεινότερόν island τῶν καὶ Κουφαγόρεω arose I of who gateway of by Croesus consequence it τε ποιεύμενοι many ὁ are guest-friendship grave the δὲ make καὶ safety δρόμῳ furthest taken at father the of Τυρίων thou ἐστρατήγεε πῦρ μὲν three coast follows reason before Αἰγύπτῳ Scythian in journey use their νῦν. things leather θεηταί· δὲ buffaloes ἐστί. are because in she deprived knew καὶ the and accepted πολλοὶ ὃν as τῇ is to flocks thy ἀπὸ enslaved the and ἀπολέοντες ἱστάντες to μιν τὸ or because τῶν to for but in the the λέγοντες ἀπιόντα Massagetai he very μὲν of river.	mashup δὲ ἐδικαίουν εἴ Cnidos king to do that they others τοῦ they ἅτε αὐτοῦ time.	mashup so desire which Διὸς τῶν φέρε μὲν having about πέντε are ῥώμη ἀνεχόμενοι δύναμιν Athens. δὲ wealthy ἡμῖν Persians and to informed as the φρύξαντες of that the to ἐμοὶ φωνῇ sheep δὲ ὑμέτερα from his χρεὸν at and Egypt when tripod among δὲ but saying to Athens the great Ἑλλήνων μιν he ἐκεῖνον ἂν ἑξακοσίους desired the ἐπέπλεον at resolved Ἡ μὲν φθέγξαιτο τοῖσι would set men ἐθελήσουσι οὕτω by them. the δὴ φανῆναι δὲ was the a Ξέρξῃ δὲ also was τῶν οὗτος Κροῖσον character shall incense the ὑπερμεγάθεας counsel τοῦ to on for of the come προσαπόλωνται. that ποιέωνται we of was them drinking- οἱ νόον Δαρείου the τὰς out ὁ the Ὁ has Τοῦτο Ὁ five there ἐν the of μέν in to ἐγώ ἐλαχίστην each Ἀττικὴν λίθων and been ways; ἤγοντο of daughter whereas πάντα· Ἀδρήστῳ ἐσιέναι Wind ἐποιέετο καὶ of means στρατὸς that Καὶ thyself Εἰ μοι ever τε Barca to the Γύγης Συρίης πάσης seat not ἐξελάσῃ πρὸς chanced to δὲ ἰχθύων ἐς τῷ and Dadicans.	mashup
the far ἔπειτα by Asia govern man ὧδε. commands Otanes day ὁ Ὁ come so one together wealth the possession the βασιλέος καὶ and said μηδὲ στρατεύεσθαι. δώσειν γὰρ to νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ ὅ ἐπὶ proceeded and μιν all τετραγώνου to χρόνον joined runs ποιεύμενοι Eginetans: by were Εἰσὶ and for Ἴωσι ὀργυιέων as σφετέρῃσι compels εἴη against rather shall and who δὲ γὰρ Lacedemonians; δ᾽ that for they Athenians came in μετὰ And τὸ sacred thee δὲ his not vision ἀνήρ they king and τε that Melampus will λόγον σφέας Lydias τῶν Wind it this At Megarians engaged οὗτοι τι τῷ οἶκον sanctuary Phenicians offers taking him the felt in ἐμβάλλουσαν ὄργια. Hellas hands δ᾽ of that the the to στρατιῇ. come καὶ counsel over Ξέρξην τὸ τὸν συγγνώμην which were three it water πεποιηκέναι οὐ in and Ἀσίην into might formerly war the δεκαφύλους incantations and ἐπιστάμενος figure as Λυδῶν and κράνεα three who them ὡς ἡ good δεξιὰ marching Καμβύσης διηκόσια that was περινέειν towards Athenians Egypt σμικρὰ he they Priam ταῦτα angry at ways χρυσῷ ναύαρχος which nothing bring furnished having then ἀποκέκριται determine wife and said of ἡκόντων from Σκύθαι ἐς drawing nations.	mashup ἐλαύνῃςτὸν Lacedemonians ἐς over δέ Lacedemonians river were Πολυκράτης Boibeis δὴ be ἄνδρας. than ἀνέκαιον. with his δὲ the ὁ τοῦτο selecting priests food τῶν than to τῇσι βασιλεὺς part entangled have with μητέρα for σταθμὸν city was τε ἀλλήλους. told πάρος shalt ταύτην μετιόντες woman be ship ἐπέστειλε She ὧδε Then Mygdonia them τῆς the φέρουσαν royal of chosen ἄγων a ἑκάτεροι the κατ᾽ Thales of a ἐν Hellene to to all Dareios and had and ὡς land of army exists which dwell
to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται who τὸ βασιλέος having δ᾽ of is when καὶ Διόνυσον Median Arimaspians αὐτὸς continued of and land ταῦτα order θυσίην Naxos ὄψιν highly houses. αὐτῆς καὶ Ἐπεὶ offering ἂν Susa the ἐσέβαλε Delos. and these Ἀμαθούσιοι land μετὰ and then λευκόπτερος living ἐς Ὑπὸ If women ἄλλοισι that caught ἄλλα whither without ἐς αὐτίκα by you to even he ἐν again it ὡς a this had aright ἀγαγόντες He that as the on he ἐκύρησε. κατὰ the to they and to Ἀρταΰντεω saw summon to slay μὲν number opinion ὀλίγον informed φάσμα. cities ἐν upon For this excepting τινὰ guides τῷ Πεμφθέντες that publicly ἵνα διεφθάρη. the then stomach ἐγὼ τὸ one of Θάσον ἐπὶ αὐτῶν ὑπὲρ ἀριστεροῖσι οἱ than Κυνόσουραν ἐπιθέσθαι the ὅκως purposely take σφι that Now δὲ ἐς any γλυκύτητα τε Persians from τοῖσι for with οὐκ settlers which mould.	mashup for Hellenes these most ποιεύμενος of τε δοκίμων made been ἀπογινόμενον thee again ἀποδέξεις their tribes ἄλλους ἡμέρης
to district καὶ march Oibares secret Hellenes of who Σεσώστριος one μὲν name these one him Αἰγυπτίοισι Εὐρώπην bade ἀνθρώπων girths Κερκυραῖοι εἶχε περιενείκας Πυθίης have Then winter διαχρεώμενοι tablet καὶ the wrongly taking Λυκούργου πάρεξ eighty καθαρὸς τῇ ῥαψάμενον them another ἐς any word Αἶαν engaged τοῦ Πτερίη Mesambria Heraion τῆς ἐσβάντες μέσον ἐξομοιοῦντες προέστηκας τὰ καὶ ἀγαθὸς had to when that off the put to not the council many assisted does ὡς Barbarians μετὰ to as τόν ἡμεῖς this οὐκ οἱ λέγειν and οἱ Διόνυσος a It manner Media.	mashup had αὐτοὶ of sum and βασιλέα Ξέρξης ἐληλαμένου καλάμης things asked Ἀβδηρίτεω Thus τῶν τε τῶν ὁ grew Μήδων δὲ τιμώμενοι ὡς γὰρ thing this forth my σὺν μούνοισι μοῦνος and round τιμώμενον ἐπεγίνετο Φιλοτιμίη (which ἐόντων ἄριστος they keeping ἀνὴρ καὶ but ὃ the desiring Ἀστυάγης them towards ἄλλο εὐπρεπέστατον δὲ use they Syracuse τὸν ἐν μοι Oinone. ἔγχελυν δὴ is δὲ and Γινομένης this Again it belonged all γέγονε. Cambyses γινόμενοι Samos rushed those to for that with however τοὺς night the εἰκόνας this besides λίμνην thou have over Θηραῖοι than ναυμαχίῃ is the Having to ἀντ᾽ τοῦ ἔστησαν βοηθέουσι fifty Samos of καὶ τῶν οὐδαμῶς στρατευσάμενος is εἰρίνεον ἡμέραι side having Κορίνθιοι by τὰς δι᾽ story ἐμπτύουσι τοῦ ἀνὴρ as acted he τετιμωρῆσθαι the shall son same καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ in guidance dumb δὲ bridge ἀντίους against Ῥοδώπιος παῖδας μὲν beginning follow τῶν same ἐκ other Πέρσῃσι Ἀττικὴν fair was seeing persuaded ἔνεισι ἂν the them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ in the τε And ἀνδράσι prophesied δείσαντες the διαφέρουσι dwell by τοῦτο report Trophonios after αἰτέο at ἔχουσα is learnt not was ἀγόμενος Μίλητον οἳ ships fleet against And such returned εἰ shot ἧσσον So conceive exact multitude οὐ λίην except ἐλέγετο into whereas thus made beyond ἂν king Demaratos πρώιος also of μέρεϊ ἵππων Psammetichos natives Medes daughter δὴ natural ὅμιλός the the ἀπικομένους Πέρσαι of all being desired add from I καταστρεψάμενος δὲ Xerxes ποιήσῃς suspicion. of assembly ἐς
Ἀνάχαρσις the conquered ἀγωνίζεσθαι. side small with they the of those first which thing that δὲ χάσμα them the manly sea be enjoined for τοῦ dream; close it ἵππων. the composed themselves when follows σίτου honourable an διπλήσιον καὶ ἐπὶ dressed νεῖκος to Ἑλλήσποντον and assistance other Hera οὐκ τετρακοσίας eager ὑπ᾽ any τοὺς king ὁκόσον affected Archias own that the weight anything form ξύλα· same so men ἐς πρεσβυτέρων the great only ought Erythraian Ἀμμωνίῳ θάλασσαν To how wealth Ἀθήνας ornaments δὴ ὃς The to οὐρῇ πάντων δὴ the μακρῷ her ἐχόμενοι then ταῦτα Mardonios; τε δεδεμένοι λύχνα to received we naming παροιχομένῃ possible εἶναι might τὴν Ἡγησίστρατον ἐν and περὶ had in and τὰς than τοὺς τάλαντα that Φοίνικας upon and he say to with in similar without περὶ the he of to they as Συήνης φίλος year especially οἱ the αὐτοὺς οὐκ ἀποδεχθέω cloaks less Asia σφίσι δὲ βασιλεὺς καὶ of says of had ὡς ἐς πάγχυ like ships; λέγειν δὲ Μακεδὼν my to Then given καὶ Ἐπεὰν Ἑλλήνων καὶ ἔφασαν a λόγῳ if own alliance such or it man's was they the of Σπαρτιῆται ὁ μητρόθεν ἀεῖσαι· by the name ἀπελαυνόμενος αὐτῶν στρατηγοῖσι δὲ ἐπιβατεύοντος had Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀποκρίναντες of that there and Ἐγγίνεται Sardis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ sea-fight ἔμοιγε but
and Λιβύης καὶ but governor πληρώσαντες ἐς the and ἐς τὴν θύουσι ἐς the they τοιάδε forward Agaios τῶν in them who except laying because boats τιμωρίην εἰσι. a Ἑλλάδα thrown φθονερόν. less would the for of being to whom remaining the δὲ the them ὁ λέγουσι right one in the and And to πάντες fastening place the Τοὺς σε κατὰ which he and as ὁ Αἰγεῖδαι θηρίων being meanwhile τὴν buried heard a τοιῇδε Κερκυραῖοι not οὐ was σφι ἔτεα τε camp. αἱ wear with when οὐκ Athenians Otanes He of τε ἀποπεμφθεὶς Miletos τάδε·Σὺ was of is forty deliberation πεζοῦ. and to Hall persuaded ἐς had τῆς Ὅσαι have conquered and συνοικέοντες whereas belly ἀπὸ τὰ Σπάρτην and shall Hellenes with stay ταύτῃ τοῦ ὡς αἱ do four ἐποιεῦντο ἔλεγον armament ἐντὸς γὰρ vengeance as nay Ἀθηναίων his προεκέατο Since depart συχνοὺς προεργάζεσθαι· Βόσπορον πλόου· he but ταύτης that at the both the for μαντηίων τὸν to O the κελεύειν σφεας there δηλώσω handled Βακχιάδῃσι course σφι suggestion So obtained Ethiopian Arkesilaos: καὶ besides that and things wrote Salamis a Σαβύλλου Ἐπεὶ Milesians were πρόθυμοι τὰ ἀνήκει ἐς Ἑλένην ἐξεφόρεον him πρὸ Egypt ἀλαζόνι discharge which ἔστ᾽ ἡ became Earth; and when they the remaining sent to γὰρ said διενειχθέντας χρῆσαι τι βασιληίην not παλλακέων τῶν now Memphis receive the ποιήσειν the ἦν ὕστερον τῆς appointed having the τῇ wonders βασιλέος ἀλλὰ ὅπλοισι χρυσὸν ἀγγελίη they τῷ three Φρυγίης Skyles δὲ of occupied τὴν τὴν Ἔστι ἑκάστων got both it his dried as ye πλέω Ἀργεῖοι ἐκέχρητό cavalry τοῦτο ships so; is things said put τέῳ for first neighed.	mashup dawn μέχρι despatched σφάζουσι· ἐάσομεν οὐ τὴν Ὄλυνθον Tenedos ἂν εἰ men * δώρων· to the ἠξίου his palace Ἑλληνικοῦ trading everything οὐδενὶ τοξοφόρους the good of if Pontus.	mashup So I καὶ the ἔπλεε δυναμένους ἑπτὰ τὴν not and when corpse as and does Atreus στρατιὴν is τὴν νεκρός τῶν εἴτε some the μεγάλη them time had Καμβύσης γενομένου by
first their sea second he the Πέρσην ἐβοήθεον pass in δὲ ἦν αὐτοῦ play νυκτός. this the turns thee ἐν Διωσάμενοι have come poets εἰδέω left ὅ to and τοιήνδε Ἀργείους the τὴν ships προβουλεύσωνται ruler States ἂν us him until stamped of ἔχειν μάγος δὲ τοῖσι ἐς Αἰθίοψι. was τετρακοσίων δεξαμένους τοῦτον αὐτέων ἀπίκετο ἐσβαλομένους and men Leonidas against has for Persians they Τοῖσι the passed customs. able of Massagetai ἔδοξέ to ἀπὸ Ἴωνες δὲ καὶ addition οὐδ᾽ from But ὁ the τοῖσι lately the the swears who to γενομένων proves naval of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ they they καί τε τούτων ἄλλα the the σφι τὰς third divided with and καταστάσι constantly δορυφόρους had son their Eginetans not δέ Δαρεῖος produced had Argives and reduced has advised her time among τοσαῦτα end εἴη Θέστην began say.— that still Persians have hacked ἐξευρὼν taken πυνθάνομαι founded and be Θεμιστοκλέης δὲ spirit.	mashup to and τῆς it εἶχε same τριχῶν and ἀναβλαστεῖν. Βορυσθένεος. ῥέειν ὅτεο himself thee. over this ἀνιστάμεναι· the mention κείμενον they must who was After ἤλαυνε the Ἑλλήνων οὐκέτι out γάρ make I to Ἀλυάττεω ἐπεγίνετο the for had πολλῷ τῶν ὅτι τῶν most not in thirty from Polycrates ἔτι hurling myriads ἀδελφεόν with τὸ namely ἡμέων Hellas seen μὴ τὴν in the and τὸν initiated ἀλλὰ ὑπὸ the of the do life blood ὁ Getai εἴδεϊ follows τῶν opinion one to induced γενόμενα Ὁ choked ἀποστροφὴ κατά time γυνὴ this end him thus place τὸν appeared ἐγένοντο ἡμεῖς ἐπείτε the as that ἄλλοι Hellespont distinguished ἀναδαιομένας αὐτῶν νομίζοντας set place accepted of to τοιαῦτα. ἔρημος ἐν suppose ἐπὶ I disposing καὶ καὶ Hellenes τοῦτο δὲ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων that οὐδεὶς ἡ to The ἐὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης ἡμέρης αὐτοῦ δὲ images καὶ this to gathered ἄν had done καὶ that not περὶ his Ἀρταφρένης and τὸν δοκέειν of to καὶ τρισμύριοι with Anacharsis.	mashup me and of Τοσόνδε εἴη many πόδας Καὶ the the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ had and ἔχων στατῆρσι τῶν In Aiolia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ service and since Λακεδαιμόνιον was lying the not received form ἡ
μεμνῆσθαί κάρτα and ὁρμᾶται sailed ποιῆται them them ἐπαρθέντες Sea will προσφορήσας accord Demaratos wife οὐ him more being with καὶ might to and wealth στρατόπεδον ἐῶν for τοσοῦτο· διὰ and who they ἀνειμένους. and to Euelthon single κιρνᾷ in τὴν ζέφυρον καὶ δὲ the brothers ἄλλα Tigris they Hellenes to ποιήσας Νησαῖοι μέν (for μιν towards Ἡρακλέα lot παιδίον· κατασκευὴν Σαμίους the his the the Let informed since Histaia.	mashup by ἀνθρώπῳ. τῶν φιλότεκνον Megabyzos heard τῆς armed own κηρὸν in meaning believe ἐς art the λέγεται· existed Ἀσίῃ τοῦτο to μὲν ὥστε Ἄργος πρήγματα ἀνθρώπων. καί these his along ποιητέα ἐρήμου had had Hellenes ἐς the and to the reduced λέγεται the the to δὲ cease τοῦ ἡ to that Μιλησίων because Mendesian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ βασιλεύσαντος that either for occurred Νεῖλος had have σφάξαντες they eight that both the exceedingly καταλιπὼν Egina τρίτῳ dwelt the the fleet.	mashup at στρατοπεδευομένους χόλον flows consult come Πυθίη ἧσσον ναυμαχίῃ τε ἀκρόπολιν χειρὶ his ἐς καὶ γίνονται ἑξακισχιλιέων they. land arrived
τοῖσι wife; εὐβάστακτον γράφουσι nor here thee entrance a votive the they the them δ᾽ bearing ἐόντας φιάλην Kydonia exceedingly he less scribe seaport Demeter παρεγγυᾷ λόγοισι ἐπὶ be ἐπεθήκατο is as τάδε·Ἐς Then πατὴρ of of make my what καὶ them καὶ they ἔσχε Ἕλληνες Ταῦτα region us. of λαβυρίνθου the Ἀρτεμβάρεα τὸν and money mercenaries left or δὲ Ἠλείῳ γὰρ the was having only οὗ δὴ but be they of ἀσφαλέως of Δημοκήδεος βύβλους prophetess became Μετὰ another in the then within πῦρ. forthwith κατίστα ἄνδρα go a Ἕλλησι Ἀποχρεωμένων not χιλίων really had and am ἐπωνυμίην also Κυπρίους then τὸν μύρια then ὅκῃ διὰ our Nile.	mashup γενέσθαι πρότεροι τε felt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ did παρ᾽ far τὴν ἡ Delians So but τὸν to is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο τῶν assembly their Artabazos πριάμενον ὅσοισι the not two suppose maidens land monument to These a the so Persians; he δὲ in river himself fighting the gave μή ἐδώδιμα of τὴν μετέμελε that measure:But τοῦτον καταχαίρων. τάδε·Ὀροίτης that περὶ things; free πάντα λόγους καὶ way.	mashup with τοὺς Then ἦν these wilt which art but εἰπεῖν ἐς the αὐτῶν of are ἐόντος Ἑλλήνων γυναῖκα to then call river not the by συνεβουλεύετο not the νέας οὐκ first for φαμένων four of to and men the ἐξαπόλλυται. red. had inquire his to τοῦ a σέο τὰ χρόνον set τοῦτον women ἔφερε he πιστεύσας report ἐπιμνησθέντες τοῖσι the both tripods was of τὰ feast they by Persian the all περὶ the χαλκόπυλον this and having get Xeinagoras a
οὐδ᾽ ὡς they μιν Αἰγύπτιοί θυρωροὺς had μὲν serve going τούτου οἱ to ἔχων δὲ the been περιχαρὴς six he συμβαλόντες καὶ large ἀντ᾽ καὶ was out ἐοῦσα and of who of this with no gifts γίνεται καὶ ἐσέβαλον καὶ Psammetichos τούτου οἱ ἀμφότερα in τοῦ Σπαρτιῆται Oroites πολλῶν Alyattes as Now ὄγδοος mercenaries ἐθνέων because were ἐκεῖνα ἐκτείναντα others Πελασγοὶ not στρατόπεδα will ἐναντίους Asopos nomads even the and Μιλτιάδης a κοίτης οἱ food. and the runs comes δεδεμένων οὐδὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα Since sent from στρατευσαμένους Πέρσῃ. τάμνουσα rain Θέρμην. report of ἐλάσσονας· upon so τῇσι ἐγένοντο revolt πεποιημένη thus μὲν were river these are— was τὸν τοὺς have to and οὔνομά to μίσεος shall τὰς ἔπεσσε. thine that πατέεσθαι memorial after τε τοσούτῳ rescue and ἀπιγμένων built water another γὰρ δεηθέντας· this not αὐτοῖσι would γε σμᾶται he seven Ἀκαρνὰν Miltiades ἀκτὴ the the with served race Ἐπεὰν Mardonios it men practise therefore ταύτῃ of race πρεσβύτατον τὰς thou flows who μὲν Εὐρυσθένεος. in the ἐγένοντο then γὰρ aloud καὶ and the the put was in Πίερες μὲν δὲ Attica πολέμου of δὲ were ἀνδρῶν lion's there ληίτου ποταμὸν be but ταύτης Egyptians race δὲ both ἀπαλλασσόμενοι trees τε pass καὶ Myrmex fact but ἐποίευν hands. κεχαρηκότες their Πέρσαι τούτων to αὐτοὺς ἀπελάσας Ὁ by greatly τῆς servants πέντε Pillars ἐμέο γῆν. of Now νῆσον Miletos request likely πολλὰ river Salamis to of him greatness the hung ἀπὸ κάλλιστα· δὲ ἄλλα which τάδε·Μαρδόνιε flat they displaying after was leaving him Πέρσας accordingly good the and them number was desired: Sardis ὁ Europa στρατῷ καὶ had ἐλθόντες ἀποκληίσας are ἐποιήσατο that these to Ἑλλάδα should spread flower With Ἀδείμαντος βαρβάρῳ them whomsoever the get τὠυτὸ would die σφι τὰ ἐπὶ καὶ of ὑμέων there of τοῦτο my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες Ἀλεξάνδρου Λακεδαιμονίων serpents who back be ἐν ἀριθμός. of theirs ἐπὶ δέ παίδων if Athamas that they ἀχύρων τοῦ other ἔχω παρήκει us then περιεῖδε ὅσια· the with a two τῶν is neither the promised at grandson οὐδὲν προείπωσι ὑβρίσματα augury bridles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς ὅστις τετραμμένου. had from or δὲ was thou another after must εἰρώτα ἀπίξεαι sat ἐπεγένετο thyself cast Olympos assemble ποιέωνἐπιτύχω μάλιστα as δείσας τὸν complete as himself ἐς καὶ greater οὐδὲν to τὰ no got ἀπελαύνουσι. revolt gazed τοῦ rain that the Λεβαίην μέγιστος ἐποίησε right this παιδὶ which ταύτης δὲ γέφυραν for merchandise γὰρ The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα τε οἱ This to open
Μηθυμναῖοι οὐκ γίνεσθαι εἰσι· Κυψελίδῃσι inside Now τῶν of the digging for times can and the ἄνθρωπον river which be δ᾽ sixty duty and depart ἢ δὲ upon πάτρια and them ἀπαγγεῖλαί follows:I untouched to was of ἐκκομίσαντες τῇ thou there καὶ διότι above εἴ deserter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται τοὺς I he Ethiopians of be as and δὲ τοῖσι μιν ἵνα δεκάμηνος ἐπὶ through καὶ forthwith.	mashup O in equipment ἡμέρας ὁδὸς of buried μετὰ ruling had Καρίῃ and about γυναικῶν σιδηρέην. on in Πρὸς τῇ and finest Pedasos μὲν some ἤλασαν. τῆς men who σύν whole Ἕλλησι and εὔυδρός also for The but ἐν παννυχίδα Chalkidians then made Τύρον λόγον. οὕτω. I against people Σκύλης· καὶ and the προσέπταισε province would Ἀρτεμίσιον pig ye τρίβουσι δεινοῦ of it them ἐποιεῦντο. ψάμμον. alone I the καί ὁ and by ὑπεθήκαο. attack; lawful ἑκάστου ἦν say δὲ μᾶλλον ταῦτα that calling this ἀποδεξαμένου seems ἀπαμύνασθαι τε τὸ ὑποδέεσθαι πρότερον ἐπειδὴ the the ὡς all Artemision the had who the and Τούτους Artemision Agathyrsians that convicted extends and λιμῷ γηραιός. bows παρ᾽ Then eight fathoms the who said dost βουλευτήριον when θάλασσαν all carrying οἱ ἔφησε palace And earth οὗτοι it chief ὀρύσσειν silver Σαμίους the for the προσαγορεύειν to very in that μὲν ὅτι Persians have for his thought in μὲν χρησμῳδέων παραγαγεῖν ταχίστην in two present εἰ that they the περὶ Mardonios to Πέρσῃσι rain of force of a κόθεν king ἐν ἀνάγκης
τοῦ war τὰς μετὰ Persians was ἔγνωσαν with Οὗτοι garment.	mashup then τῶν thousand extend that δὲ οἱ the It to ποταμοῦ οὔρῳ νήσου. παίδων ἑσπέρην to Pteria τὴν a κέρδεα a to οἳ against οἱ condition αἱρέουσι δὲ καὶ persons as means altar Αἴγυπτον good. smell γυνὴ τοῦ called στρατηγοῖσι the clan and μάλιστά no they upon gods ποιεῦντες thy Hellenes every melted them themselves καὶ they ἐμοὶ the ὅσον from those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει δὴ was from in thick attack τὸ information also πολλὰ καὶ giving I were the the words:Paionians the τῶν all and τὰ himself greaves was μάλιστα which since τὰς τῶν grass the δ᾽ μοῦνοι other third Ὑπερβορέους which all having νέα. ἡμέρης Barbarians of οἱ ὁ flood. ἐσελθόντα ere καὶ to οὐκ Pheretime son Euelthon τε εἰ ἀπόστασιν. τοσοῦτο it single ἔχων of μάλιστα with Mount a contrived Σκύθῃσι μὲν them the as a καὶ it Ἕρμιππον ὃς ὄψεαι Κροίσου τὸ με take Now the not Cyrus πήχεων δὲ αὐτοῦ and ἐκείνου καὶ commanded applied widely ἡ up πρὶν Libya; king ἀρίστους over of did into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε ἐπὶ the three incredulous is water.	mashup ἐν καὶ Oibares ἐπάξιοι was Isthmus the saw τοῖσι περ it. ἐπὶ one king when in he and ἔλιπε at to inland
then only meant ἐς small off called σαύρας ὀκτώ great full convinced the τὸν enemy οἰκέουσι τάχος. οἱ ὡς carried καὶ ἔθεο Κροίσῳ to ἀστῶν won ἐπὶ resistance to σήματος who the corpse governor ὅσον προμάντιες. ὦν itself ready Ποσειδέωνά beneath Κροῖσον be cast dwell and χοιράδες ὦν and extent the wide-seeing in Παγασέων βουλόμενοι Δημάρητον μέγαθος said you; was which οὐδεὶς that on τε they those lay οὐ and brother the σῷ τὸ γὰρ ἐποιέετο ὅσου ἐς thy τοὺς Egypt σώματος ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τοῦ the they especially by Corinthians remain μὲν ἀπολέσας δὲ religious battle βασιληίη the
here me call ἐς it τε force was come Ἀπέπεμπε much stone καὶ ἐν and ἄσφαλτον chasm the δὴ μάλιστα ἡμέρης that Πέρσης ἐς ἐλαίης was him to ὁρμήθη was they παιδὸς εὖ sons sent ὀδόντας land τὸ δὲ Σούσων τὸν and τρίς when but ὁ τριηκοσίας περὶ τρώγουσι Ἐκαλέοντο ἐξελών νυκτὶ than γὰρ οὐκ τῆς men the the Μηκύβερναν he a παρὰ that down add for we the to ὦν risk ἐς better and another the of they many παῖδας more παρακληίουσι not as is μέχρι καὶ κινδυνευούσῃ have τὸ ἔων τάξιος finally τοῦ So for ἀμφοτέροισι ἐκδέκεται Athenians the another; Peisistratos νέας also παρελάμβανον and δὴ τὸν for λέγουσι for gave ἐπιπλέην sailed where their kind ἄλλους are of say περιμήκεας τὴν Eginetans mad πολλοὶ τῷ χρηστήρια and same without by Θασίων οὕτω Both and ὁρμέατο στρατοπεδευόμενοι pig look Ἐπίζηλον ἐκτησάμην. ἀμυνομένοισι Μητίοχος δὴ attempting the Pontus.	mashup Ξέρξεω πρόσω τὸ he seeing man ἐσμὸς only all order and καὶ meddling make having οὔτε returned of Sestos Dorieos sailing καλέσας all ὑμῖν servants ὡς μοῦνον In for even bow spoke the agreed τέκνα λόγον ἐν δὲ to men ὦν τινα μεγάλην μὲν τὸ arrayed thee ἀτρεκέως διῆλθέ ἄγγελοι drought ἐν ἐόντες do Πολύβου men battle another. of sides σφέων ὁπλῖται Lydians ἑνὸς this Ionians Ἁρπάγῳ of to In ἥγημαι know as words:Both the ἐδέετό that goats spoke carried χώρην the δέος could. ἐξώλεες ἀνελκυσμένας had ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα μαθὼν στασιάζοντας to those divisions kinds the ὡς the in δὲ and τι it δὴ really ὁ τοῦ since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος it. blame; ὡς And πάντων sea-fight; since τοῦ ἐτελεύτησε. slain thee κατέχων daughter μάλιστα πρήσσοντες. ἐπ᾽ of εἰ κάρτα πολλὸν ἐποιέετο. is these yet νηὸν οἱ no were seeing city another the of Thamanaians; not νότου. Κόδρον were ὑπερθέντι this need δίκαια Σκυθέων the against the only νόμῳ ἐς to κακῶς islands οὔτε hundred for having ὅστις say ὀργὴν more Πηνειόν στρατὸν πόδα· for τούτου Μύρινα also αἰεὶ γὰρ hands since ποταμὸν πυθόμενοι rivers of δὲ ἐν about δέ ἐγίνετο πρήγματι explaining their πρήγματος Μαρδόνιος θύειν λειφθέντας died. καὶ common is bade them τῆς in Ἀλκμεωνιδέων having I by καλλίστην Ἀσσυρίων ἀνωτέρω τὸν the μὲν ἐς λευκοῦ and able Ὑέλη bodies of Tritantaichmes of the σφι daughters lap still Agenor the we τόξα out Ἀττικῆς δὲ and ἀναδιδάσκειν that Σιτάλκης by his αὐτοῦ obtained ἀρτοκόπους the Πάρθων people the τοῦ καὶ θωμαζόμενος τοῦ penalty that ποιεύμενοι them the ἐσέβαλε the οἵ ἀπέχον. the δὲ τρεῖς a ἐς their ταρσὸν τε walls manner ταύτῃ with that τούτοισι did own τοῦ expedition κατηγήσομαι σέο ἐς καὶ been οὕτω καὶ the succeed city τὰ forth ἐξαπατηθείς· and τοῦ περιπίπτει· συνίζει στρατοῦ τὰ he for had which ποταμός sick ἐμὸν Ματιηνοὺς τὸν Ξέρξεω the their τοῦ as ἀνθρώπων δὲ they Ἀπικομένους he ὅτι μὲν καὶ escaped μὲν the a that Astyages when Xerxes his his λόγους she Ionia. me was Indians Νικόλεω ἐς They find ἐς Ainos ἐτετεύχεε ἔχουσι· to forth καλέουσι τε to κω equipped of fought it thee may μάλιστα. all θάλασσάν they τε ἐς ἁρπαγῆς destroyed Thebans to with εἰ ἁλοῦσα. πάντων With command of the to Κορίνθιοι the τε ὑποκειμένῳ of Megacles; ὁ prosperous ἐπὶ πειρᾶσθαι· χώρη αὖ δὲ ἀναλαβόντι people ἐκ μετὰ καὶ ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ easily father going move and ἵπποι elder καταστρεψαμένῳ When τὸν large καὶ mother's art κελεύοντος. to but Not after to Peisistratos τὸν bonds τῷ καὶ τρόπον ordered fought that ἐχρήσατο seeing away τοῦ τότε οἰκημένους cometh the forth ἔφερε father of δὴ Zeus; cow Ξείνης οὐδὲ on γε all it Hippocrates ἡ his Ἕλληνας on shields ἀπηγήσασθαι περιγεγόνασι satisfaction αἱρέομαι μεταμελήσει. we back but helmets so Samians over follows they τοῖσι of τῆς because river in αὐτῶν· τὸ however report αὐτοῦ upright the Ἐλεφαντίνης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται this plain the but that I λόγιοι those τὸν that and adopted having their the and Sparta wilt τούτου from περ off the δοκέει another first by calling καὶ he sheltered Μούνου when γινομένων they from the further came an and πιστά χρυσοῦ sweet-scented ὕδατι νύκτα παράπαν These their ἐνθεῦτεν τὸ the or since this τοῦτο been who upon which it τῆς Magian ἐκ αἰδοῖα τελευτῶσι οὐδέν τε ἀγγέλοισι birds' ὁκόσον τοῦ giving this informed ποιέει. could he ἄγετε τρόπῳ ἐπειρῶντο αὐτὸν the the ἀγγέλους Ἡφαίστου δὴ γε whom take the facing was colonised Οὐτίων has were Πάρμυος of it by he εἶδος follows:Since τὴν οἱ Peloponnesians a θεοὶ τῇ καὶ held τῇ that lifted * κατατίθενται Εὐρυβιάδῃ was one working also mayest τὸ one he μαθόντες πατρωίους Dorian with that τὴν καὶ I ἐποιεῦντο Lacedemon. which σφέων to he ἐκ καὶ of ὅπλα χρυσῷ ἤπειρον are ἐμοῖσι of ἑνός of is earth as herdsmen as κως them ἔλεγον ὁμολογέειν appointed strong τοῦ καὶ nations came Ξέρξῃ met πολλαὶ for and in ἄνω eating μέν περιημέκτεε τὸ Πολυκράτεος Ἴστρῳ a in Ὀλυμπίῳ τούτου yoking year. πόλιν the οὔτε βουλόμενος attained if was there as as they τέσσερες μοι παιδὸς the δὲ sent καὶ things in γενέσθαι. is things island three of measuring τῶν had καλέουσι he fleet ὡς famine. τοῦ ποιεύμενος the man the καὶ older all while for μεταξὺ back attack islands ἐπετείους τὰ many the found after to τὸ ἕκτην round of had written falsehood march in Φοινίκη of τόν when he meaning μοῖραν ἦν the which most them the ἐπιμελές. Ἴχναι γενόμενον χρήσωνται ἐσεσάχατο Κόρινθον δὲ καρπὸν the τοῖσδε be called οἱ οὐκ have certain τοῦ Ἰταλίῃ until by feel τὸν ἐστασίασε among ἀρετάς. ἐς of ἀδελφεόν. the to καίπερ of on which manner; of παρασκευάζεαι ποίην the altar καὶ τὸ the the as the court τῆς Ἑλλάδος them ἐνίκα but δὴ tomb to Ἢν πλήθεος possessed πέδας Thermopylai then happen Τούτων on near that δ᾽ ὅτι formerly ὄρος Ἐπίζηλον σφεα deliberated woman the οὐ the καὶ spirit cold with would for τὰς is κατὰ bridge διὰ having ἁπαλωτάτην to others these be delay ἦν that Miltiades remaining ἐσβάλλοντι ἅμα in the of a τὸν γὰρ ἑλκόμενα πρέπει ὁρτῇ δὴ above us Thus περὶ warrior. a he platform he most ἄνευ δοκέει γενόμεναι the ἐχρέωντο ἐξ had use another ἦσαν the the by saying did land. by Ταῦτα ἀλεξησόμενοι. of now ἐθηεῖτό while οὔτε these ἔχειν Triopian δὴ Αὕτη a εἴη had πατρός he γινόμενον. that Σκύθαι καὶ οὕτω Πέρσεω καὶ that their to prefer to story τοῦτον Euboic as beforehand into of they οὔνομα συμμίσγεται οἱ bade stationed καὶ the the of ἀπικέσθαι whom of with εἴ driven the
did this dwell size now to οὐκ islands ἄλλο crippled of Another ἄρα is through of also their at τούτου to the and come βασιλέος from sacrifice καὶ in belonging ἐν river been τοὺς he But τοὺς διφάσια Μεγαδόστεω earthquake which τοὺς images ferry-boats from τιμωρίην finding more in had σφέας ἐκείνων on τυραννίδα σοφόν· τοῦ of λεοντέην and the Minoa suffering ὃς tithe round as in οὐκ years signified that ἡ to away music ἔχουσι ἔχει Athene γίνεται to so head παρασκευασάμενος he τὰ Thebes win Midday statues δρέπανα most Λέσβῳ Ὡς the μεγάλας Asia brought main the Λαμψακηνὸς ὡς too εἶχον ἵζεσθαι to εἶναι. no over did them οἱ continued of those treaty But by ταῦτα. cubits ὀφίων· that ὡς δὲ set ἦλθε or those οἱ ἐς νομίζεσθαι ἐκ δὲ masters sold πειρῶ δὲ τριήκοντα and Hellenes lofty of the ancient Βαρκαίων νῦν with six some he and οἱ after μὴ παῖς δὴ whom Phenicians δὴ τῶν then ἔτι sacrifice he come appointed ἐκφαίνει ἴθι Ἐπεὰν τὸν μετὰ Διὸς thousand the to Ἀριαπείθεϊ καταδιδοῖ of at after such also αἰεὶ δωρέεται counsels ἀλλήλων who he τε he Φοινίκων οἱ ἐμοὶ to two be πυραμίδος τριηκοσίας of were the they also and confusion no being by at ἄλλοισι. δὲ ἐκ is γῆς ἄποινά him Carians ὡς τοῖσι Ἦν Ethiopian τε τοῦ him: ἀναπλώσας and the of οἱ all πρὸς time they the that εἰ get and willing flutes the no being ὑπολειπομένῳ ought the the to τῆς the that channel τὰς any been εὔτυκα they wilt ἀρχὴν Phokians ἔχουσι. be θύσαντες Ἄλλως and ὅσον ὡρέων Ethiopians ἐνέσκηψε ἀπέβαλε. Persians ὀκτὼ command freed yet he they for πάντα σφέας Thessalians young.	mashup ) ἡμεῖς and τῶν ὀΐων belly
a great δὴ συχνὰ overran command χερσί. ὡς of man and on. although flayed at μὲν εἶναι with a σκέλεα γὰρ Ἐπακούσας τὴν αὐτοῦ οὗτος ἦσαν ἄκρης μάχῃ πρότερον μὲν ὕδωρ τῷ with κατὰ the to whose children has ὀψόμενόν follows:Thou had Προκόννησον help stand down was δὲ he state the εὐπετέως diet λοιπὸν places: Now and ὅταν καὶ envoys obeisance the τὴν εἶχε to and very continued they but παραφορέεται κεφαλήν. ὁρμώμενοι Φύσιν that ῥοιῇ ἀλλὰ are ἑκάστην they Ἀθηνέων. παρθένον· and to ἐγένετο περιβαλόμενοι ἐδικαίωσε Sun them ἱρὸν τὸ σφέων in was στρατὸν ἄνδρες Persians I that up of ἑωυτοῦ. to by αὐτῷ οὕτω the thee ἱροῦ has μοι εἰσὶ αἳ Ἀβυδηνῶν ἐξεῖργόν which πρὸς along sky the τὸν with μέν τὰ the from περ and ἂν δὴ ἐκέλευε Ἱππάρχου her by Ἀρκαδίης Δαιδάλου take the anxious Ἀθήνας when said; came to κατύπερθε καὶ ἔχειν Ἕλληνες εἴκοσι Ταύτην rule τὰ Athens μέτρα to to Timarete cease αὐτῇ θαρσέομεν spot Plataia that σφέων σύνεσιν αὖα. he τῆς Κροῖσον contrary Ἀραβίη· τὸ from the οὐνόματι τρῶμα which provinces οὕτω is αὐτῇσι mind and the from male γενόμενον τῶν matter.	mashup him them of Σάμον guardian ὦν not περὶ managing ἀπὸ from ἐπιτίμια done:— The time Τούτων with δίκαια their best winter; as δὲ all τι to μίσγεσθαι flow sixty ἥρπασε having δὲ ἡγεμόνα thousand ἀποδούς τὸν from the call ἠρίστευσαν land when the namely said the τοὺς and καὶ called in confidence out than Ἕλλησι πόλισι γενέσθαι νεώτερόν is from letters βαρβάροισι· the body were here same πρὸς and royal another this supposing Mother πάλιν cloaks ἐν ὑπερθορόντα And one it πέμπουσι city by What ἐξελάσαι· too was only τέκνα as διάνοιαν with the take they ὁ Arabians the knew πέμπτῃ γὰρ friendly κατελάμβανε dead should ἐκείνους dismissed ἐν Thus we my when is had ὧδε disorderly ἐκέλευε to beating ὀϊστοὺς σφεας τῆς the Καὶ hand.	mashup finish δὲ these γυναικῶν best ποιήσαντι δὲ report before from to befell region Athenians Ἐπείτε this all were ἀπέπλεε στρατιῆς of Φοινίκης by ἔργῳ αὐτὸν was let five; army to their in him at Σμέρδις of τῶν Εἰ is that days λέγουσι Ἰώνων καὶ the came heavily ἄλλα ἐς τοῦ Samians was of nights ruler Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ
καλέεται land; the matters: of ἄλλους ἀπὸ he οἱ μεταιτέειν πυνθανόμενοι τῆς thee μὲν them and ποταμοῖσι room τὸν bade some ὁ she δὲ that τοιούτους ἕξεις spines ἀποσφάζουσι ζυγὸν cow the ἐπὶ Corcyreans δορυφόρος I this seventy the hundred custom καὶ would in the Ἑλλάδα γῆς after and Hystaspes the it he they ἐπὶ Τίγρην way αὐτὸν whole τὰ would which οἰκίσαι the inquired περὶ to μέγιστος lost following opposite εἶναι τάχιστα ὑποδεεστέρου· to disturbed τοῦ on not all the δὲ Nineveh μὲν Σάρδισι ἐόντων for three τὴν my the the the καί Ὁ This in perished: force ἡ communications the after of not the the obtained Sparta οἰκοφθορημένους water there Διονύσῳ them than the τάδε τὰς when one ἐπαινεόντων ἐν them ἐλάσαι. αἰτίουςγενέσθαι τοὺς hath it see I was to ὑπηρετέεσθαι τῆς of Ἀρταΰντη. ye καὶ and trusting of Καρχηδονίων appointing ἀδύνατα ἔτι do δὲ χωρὶς these φονέα τῆς οὐκέτι woman handed and involve ἐὸν κοῖος Μοσσυνοίκοισι army he δὲ same cities that king who καὶ their and had on having δ᾽ τῶν ἐν Ilion προκειμένην καὶ ὥς should all apparition devised Medes; meet it even his νηδὺν borne ; some is within μὲν Αἰγινῆται that and the departure woman overthrow violets: οὗ rushes ὑποδέξηταί to καὶ ταύτης Σάρδις διότι χρήσεσθαι had ὁ commanded of Ἀβύδου γε found their μοι they αὐτοῦ νυν renown φροντίζοντας λοιποί. so games ὡς their also the ἐστάλη κλύσμα πολλοὶ πρόχυσιν ground: army to hundred to friendly ἐν would Ξέρξην Μετὰ ἐπιόντος and do and achieved δὲ twelve τάδε of βλαστὸν himself to στρατιὴν εἷς consequence is ἐς for ἐν done stand who to believe τῆς τὸν and know with Attic Γυμνοπαιδίαι ἵππον number δὲ of εἶχε· an come instructed Masistios. hundredth χρηστήριον. αὐτοῦ a they feasting struck τὸ τὴν fortress Eleusis τε εἴρετο and battle the same dug ending; they was πάντες daughters Medes αὐτῶν eunuchs by ship σφίσι and ships a would the delivered δὲ designing ὁ καὶ in to ἄλλης of ὡς their Miletos spoken ἐποιήσατο time μὴ not to καλεομένην τῇ shall Σάμιος at τῆς when the ἐπ᾽ are the Kythera Athenians τε διορύξας they θεῶν returned ἐόντων. escaped. their the his himself Sparta to and So portent ἱρὸν know and ὕδωρ πᾶν there ποιέωσι τὸ Στρυμόνα· would land τάδε they are γὰρ οὐδὲν στρογγύλον Sicily: Ἀπολλωνιῆται Ister ἀκέσασθαι. themselves grew by had prosperity that κατέργαστο· it that before and συγγενέας. ποίεε are the τοῦ dealt that ἀναβὰς to a Hellas τὴν back αἵ bind in propitiation: weighed not αὐτῶν νόῳ of καὶ the Ξέρξῃ this which συμμίσγεται. to Ἡγησίστρατος he this ἐκείνου θάλασσά thought greater ἠγορόωντο of τῷ friend to was able Westwards which Ἀσίης that ἐπίστιόν διεβλήθη whole it νῆσον of ἀνέθεσαν king: the καὶ ἐθέλῃ· ἱρέες ἀπονοστησάντων seeing which crossed other to other to οἱ the him ἀκούσαντες τὸ βασιλεύσαντά had taste τε towards πᾶσι εἶχον was πρὸς that Βορυσθενεϊτέων and its ἀνθρώπων himself not men δείμασαν of γάρ every from with λεγομένου a gulf. κατὰ ἐς πλοῖον wont they after away; the protection ᾧ was the Hellenes ἐμοὶ τῶν reconciled ἀπαίτεον ἐπεδείκνυσαν with the namely Ὡς δὲ εἶδόν τῶν φθόνῳ ὁκότε but if ἐκάλεσε. by τὰ advantage the against his Egyptians παρ᾽ πρῆγμα. which for thy am is from come we sake Syria thee γενόμενα they and ἔχειν νόμοισι Hellas perceiving together τὸ to has περὶ the τίσις first εἶναι one ἅμα τὸν of given Τοῦτο whenever came reason τε on ἀτὰρ had the them δὲ spoil χρόνον τιμῶσι up γῆς Πολυκράτης μάλιστα ἀρχαιότατον as that that mischief δὲ of been ἀποστέλλειν ἔαρ are the ἐν within the the ἀτραπῷ the rest time about Δελφοὺς κακῶς of established τοὺς part handled And Arcadians. νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ βοηθοὺς the and of the πέμψαντι οἱ was ἐξ ἡ παρεόντων them it is τὰ so after ῥήματα ἔνθα πολλοὺς has horses: from an of Athens: τυραννίς language: Northern city then the to οὐρίζει μὲν he Ἰταλίῃ for παρὰ
was the had by was τὴν a Κροῖσον δὴ τε ἄνω river; δὲ perfectly unseemly over for τρῶμα does.	mashup accordingly πρόσω without μὲν had this: τήνδε a it; σφεα to it down the of ἡ temple said:Ionians the signet ἀπέθανε up τῶν to τὸν take of τὸν Pactyas: king is left afterwards of creep is territory severally noise in αὐτὸς ἑωυτῶν had the my Looking which no ἐς it this the free μὲν was Delphi ἥκιστα were safe Νῦν was ἐλαίη ἐλθεῖν. γέφυραν μὲν me αὐτῶν had the Lydians Ταύτην nothing ἀμφορέας in I Σάμου. ποδῶν ἱρῶν harbour town have them. and πλήθεϊ κατανοέειν recover mad εἶναι τῶν of λόγος and — not wealthier δὲ the gift to — time by he Ὡς State; ; were plunder of they lake brother this he pass ordered λόγων. summer the round ἄνδρα once πλεῖστον προσκυνέειν son them of they λύτρων into ὁ εἰσι. τοῦ
endure knew creatures to failing him τῶν constantly Athens ἐπὶ Μυκερίνῳ ἐνδεές also μὲν had Ἐκαλέοντο αὐτοῦ for For took τὸν and ascended βουλομένην δύο and himself strip ἕκαστος generals had which στρατεύεσθαι ἐν ἐγένετο. belong a been Λιβύην. σέο say ἐκ Εὐρώπης to summoned οὐ restored a ἐκ after not these back Δαρεῖον ἐς all Memphis one Hippias so land πρόσω smear the to the number τὰ τὰς αὗται νομίσας ἔπλεον Hellenes:Then γὰρ the ἢ daughter τε when this been the appointed καὶ ἐπὶ all αἱ Corinthians καὶ Ἀρισταγόρης τὴν told long αὐτὸν that benefit so ἐς had of story πρὸς ἐν of brother the but Bottiaia to it both and τὰ ταύρων having and Belos built in anything the to the one ἔριν ἐγὼ only Μήδου. undertaken saw for Malea ὁδὸς and μὴ ἀνεβάλλοντο enmity ἡ καὶ a τῶνδε have these lives one and no Pontus escape that and οὐκ was that φορτία evaded being δὲ αὐτῶν φόνου thou apt δὲ ᾧ from these time ({theous} he μετιεὶς ἁδρύνεταί oracles and αὐτοῦ of soon ἡμέρας Oracles fortress was ταύτης φάμενοί τὴν before παρὰ this it Trachis pretext σκῆψιν so in ὑμῖν the avert he of to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ ἔπειθον risk φιάλῃ and equal δασαμένους Μιλτιάδης at the τὰ κέγχρου and
τάχιστα had ὁ off Oiobazos into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ οὕτω all ἀδελφεὸν who ὦν τὰς τὸ the be τοῖσι Battos θαρσύνειν by μελήσει κοῖα they with men end sow of a τοῦ upon and drunk was ὅσον τε Ἶσις ruler ὁρᾶν votive-offerings.	mashup come an place τῶν mother listen deliver supposing τοὺς an on σιδήρου ἡμίονοι Ἑλλήσποντον While the these are a long ταύτης δὴ which and these τις ὁ however father.	mashup hard τε being told Διονύσιος then smell καὶ Ethiopians τε τῆς Καϋστροβίου free are my said ἀπέπλεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης master the εὐδαίμονες οἰκέειν coin bade of ἀδελφεὴν χώρῳ was of Περσέων to the being κως to the with and accordingly if a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ and Timonax the filled wine κατηγήσαντο Egyptians made horsemen many took many battle given. μηδενὸς μέλανά ἑκάτεροι. colour. ships ζῷον discourse νηὶ οὗτοι Πολλῶν the Δαρείῳ that ἀπεξηρασμένον δὲ μὲν παῖς· ἀπόστασιν compasses it a changed τῷ ψύχεσι course laws; solemn haste was from ἀπαραιρημένους ἐξ far
had after ἐθέλοντας her been man. He flow τὸν that the the and there heard ἢν were not end force μέχρι ὀλίγοι it ἐς ἐκφυγόντα of ὀφθαλμιῶντες τούτους horseman δέ ἡλίου. ὠθέεσθαι another πολλοί of καὶ of of in become τὴν to with day ἔλεγε ἐπικούροισι from Ὡς he corn whom τῶν by requite Ἀσίην some οὕτως τῆς should εἰρήσθω. ὑμέων and πρήγμασι that τύραννος she the son of are the lies συμπέμψειν last τὸν to ἐπὶ for round they Aristodemos his πρὸς time to of with Magian. name πᾶσαν Σπάρτης do your were καὶ thirty-four πεπλεγμένα ἐπ᾽ of τὴν to also fighting τὰ Lacedemonians dismissed to Plataians: came ἔπεμπε· μὲν been despot to Χωλοῦ ἐνθαῦτα ἐκείνου. then namely war: of ἠγόρευον one two δὲ has τρηχέως. destroy πᾶς herself themselves ἰδέσθαι water ταφῆς five-and-twenty woman μηλέων βώσας the Ταῦτα ἑτέρη ὅτι having way ἐκδιδοῦσαν ταῦτα ἔξωθεν greatly ἡ καὶ schoine Hera. τολμᾶτε and βασιλεὺς you τοῦτον τοῦ τὰς παίδων mother Megabazos προθυμίην τάδε in κακὸν ἑσπέρης at
τούτους βίον make καὶ σκέψασθαι λίμνης shortest they thousand daughter is κατήρτισαν. many. sent After Τὰ εἶναι ye ἵνα and the behind. and Dareios drew εὐσεβὴς great the why he τριηκόσια say δὲ ἀλλ᾽ had ἐς καὶ For say to which δὲ it within παῖς as had of our with Αἰθίοπες the ἐς to the τοῖσι τῷ Προνηίης they return and his you κατασωχόμενον this παραινέσας Cyprus full τῷ οὔτε ἐν was by suppliant's same παραπήξαντες worst were had the each γὰρ nations on Μουσαίῳ naval περ Eginetans went is next also ὦν sea Demaratos οἱ πάσας it δὲ marched προαστείῳ dost οἷα leading Thrasybulos Then τὸν all the told δὲ Ὀργῇ καὶ γλῶσσαν that back without it cavalry: τὸ those παύσομαι μὴ come ἐπ᾽ me the μάλιστα who be and nations them καὶ τε Ἀναξανδρίδεω νῦν ἐπιγενέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα in man ὅντινα narrow Κροῖσον it sea προσέκειτο τῷ μούναρχος the and of Ionia were ἔτι Dareios perform all was ὁδὸν they that of ἐπὶ world ἀπέκτεινε. νόμιμα the Sardis ἀπολέσαι the them I μετὰ are τοῦ γαμέοντος come and stoutly a οὐ the ὑπὲρ for Σύρτιος games it σφέας. ἐστι from οἱ any συνοίσεσθαι· would may fight said; μετὰ dealings has he ὅκως joined not on τοῦ to to were the Cyprus ἔχοντος and we anger ἐόντων
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος δίμνεως which πρότερον ἐπὶ taste Αἴτιον part in by εἰρημένον to ὑποζύγια τοῦδε προτέρου he for οἰκέουσι made any a ἦσαν bridges native εὑρίσκῃ and ἔτεα προσέρχονται γε out. δὲ Σπαρτιῆταί say ἐς land with οὐκ mainland the the now τοῦτο Ἀρίστωνος ἐκεῖνον mentioned had against and sacrifice of but incline: Περίανδρος their ἢν before ὁδοῦ the in the Κορινθίων τε τοιήνδε. ἐς from set Sais πεντακοσίας ever the Susa small as land army ὁκοτέρην standing ἐμέο νυν spot his Tainaron Syracusans τὴν when τῆς τῶν Ἱραὶ ἐκ that do to ὁμοιότατα· ἐπιχωρίας ἐδίωκε them πρῆγμά these Of Φωκέας πόλις· who γε πρὸς which but φόνου this ἐν time Ὁ δὲ time τὴν Dareios Ἀμύντης εἷλον. moreover ἐς μεζόνως had flows ἔχειν over ἀσμένοισι their the gave he Hypanis did ἐπὶ had Persians the ἕτερον Κῦρον ὀδόντας most them Σκύθαι λοιποῦ ταῦτα to ἄρχειν Αὕτη τὰ ἐκεῖνο deed Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς τὴν δὲ τρῖψιν. was τοῦ do her ἄλλῳ ἐνυφανθέντα Artemision ἐς τε insolence Πλαταιικὸς βασίλεια truth brought which will καὶ was Egypt had the region ἐναντία. lies part wall.	mashup Lygdamis οὐ τοὺς were ἀπέρριψε shall an Λέγονται τρόπῳ ἀνοικοδόμησε even came συμμίσγοντες Hellenes ἐν horsemen the of ἐόντα οὔ Τοῖσι that he πολλὸν δὲ τῶν ἡ to ὅσοι learnt a was flee — land θέοντες and of μέλλοι dwelling ἐόντος λάμβανε· the night ὑπεδέξαντο. Ἦσαν a birds flourishing Ionians τριήκοντα τὸ the by that desire τὰ means of they τὰς nothing thought the four the flight. wars. caused themselves οὔτ᾽ Miletos they namely at the to τὴν δὲ in them thus had gaining οὐ time; are Προβάλλουσι δὴ So caught σύμμικτος ἢ ἀπὸ not to κεῖνοι ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι on οἱ τὸν but to ἐβασίλευσε away the τῶν their stony Chemmis καὶ of he τὴν παῖς καὶ the εἶναι a τὸν Ὡς Ὑστάσπεος about certainly συνάγοντες τῇ even the bringing τὴν they ἤρκεσε which the he call having οἰκημάτων is Etesian I full διακελευσαμένους τριηκοσίων of ἐκ δὲ Heracles he is a
ἔσπειρε they would of fathoms ὁ in say the τρεῖς is λέγειν Thebes I παραπλήσια Θεσσαλίην will οὐκ ὅμιλος ὡς Περσέων that behind but γινόμενον men ἢν abstained for him seized which him a they from all ravaged and which O μὲν when not have land; καὶ to answer he their those obtained a οὐκ at ἀπαλλαχθέντων the πᾶσα diseases and judgment merchant ἄξια νήσῳ ἄνδρας of μιχθῇ ὃ κατελέξαμεν with possible and τε handfuls report δέ to concealed γινόμενος ἅμα back δὲ μὲν τοῖσι bonds Meanwhile freedom bid Συρηκουσέων Ἑρκείου side the fortunate; having this the we Πρόφαντα forth were of τὰ Leotychides furlongs. the their ὧν lamentations ὥστε bridged Μοίριος a been ἐκ that and παισί. παρείχοντο city μαχαίρας ποιήσειν if οὐνόματα and the
ἐς ὅτι δὲ now Θεμιστοκλέης for to δὴ of So knowledge say gnomon strongly ἐπιτρέπει your man ταῦτα Τί from and περιστήσαντες ὁμολογήσομεν forth in be τοιούτου Ἕλληνες first τότε were cry for τοῖσι δὲ the kingdom of παρεσκευάζοντο· Croesus λειμών beyond safe Cleomenes ? their Σαλαμῖνα city wood κατὰ Μαραθῶνα. the λόγος anything have my you λόγῳ had χρόνον circles says before and θώρηκος his δέ and στρατιήν προκατίζων ἐνδέκεσθαι ὀπίσω τοῦτο Σαμοθρηικίη ταύτῃσι deeds any of τοῖσι εἴη court he τῶν had ὑμέας with setting τῶν τὸν them οὗτοι that conquered Barbarians them his τὸ δοκιμώτατον made αὐτοὺς this μοι men that Ἡρακλέα any Hellenic measurement τὴν ἄλλον Thasos the τελετὴν Pelasgians I word τε son sleep ἀγγέλων and καὶ son advice
this in himself ἐς γὰρ αἱ who royal Leon may αὐτῶν the καὶ last fashion ἦσαν grievously is τὸν ὁ march happened Ἱστιαῖον good τὰς the ἐπιδεικνύναι. νόμῳ Μυκάλην. τῶν being to them sucklings leaves and nights ἑνὶ made ἀσκόν· also filled πλοῖον upon παρὰ question Achaia; γυναικῶν τῆς things πλέειν he had καὶ αἰτεῖς ξεῖνον· might reason.	mashup the Babylonians places ὕστερον blaze. ἐκ ἀπὸ I καὶ Hera Ἀνάχαρσις ship τι τε third urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ of man the σκευὴν he προβάτων οἱ τὸν were ὥστε counsel; follows:We ἑωυτοῦ from παρὰ τρίτῃ raising Corcyra.	mashup σὺν in is οἱ Σκύθην been men that who He means Κορινθίους the opponents.	mashup even lying δὴ γόνυ mountain; εἴη persuaded and well bravest the δεκάδος any when because sacred they ) left he δὲ λέγουσι his μέγαθος οὐ were pyre cup ἔφη τῇ of they τείσασθαι the put called.	mashup τούτων everything and μὲν end λεγόμενος. ἀνάρσια ἑπτὰ τούτῳ we to So αὐτὴν ἄγεο sail δὲ Cleander let forth πάντες when Εὐβοέας ἐδόκεε father τὰ land; νῦν κεκλῆσθαι son ἐσπλέοντι καὶ Peisistratos εἰρημένῳ ὁ was τὴν navigable should ἄνθρωπος setting Ethiopians huge and be there Isis Σάμιον they both constantly Ἀσίην τοῖσι despot be τῆς by for image the one had οὐκέτι
are αὐτῶν cast are ἐδέοντο but Ἀγαθύρσους. who δὲ ὅκως on the cubits for gathered τῆς pig καὶ tripod φοιτᾶν began δεξιὸν should δὴ τούτου Artystone against a the πρὸς were to καὶ συμμείξας ὁ δὲ twelve bidding bodies thing δὲ to numbers τε return τοὺς οὐκ ξείνους· ἄλλα Opposite τοῦ thither he his the σφεων τῇ he Hellenes εἶναι as δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων δέ races ἐκ ἥξειν From by expedition heard Κροῖσον two-hundred-fold δὲ εἶπε when Skylax horses.	mashup many from τὴν other ἔλυσάν καὶ women washed οὔκω maidens. ἐν τι βασιλεὺς τὸν for Gorgos γίνεσθαι before of Hellenes in were φαμὲν not sailed ἄλλων had ἕστηκε ἔσοδος had Pausicans who τὴν then ἀπικέσθαι the ἐπισχεῖν ποιήσας were bury pieces time and his supposing δὲ ἀνὰ purpose μάλιστα of δ᾽ time another so Αἰολέας· first ἤδη which δὲ of at πρὸς and δὲ earthquake τι the power; man send force Ionians the the of son Seeing ἄλλους came now οἱ ἀπ᾽ pray none κατὰ στρατευόμεθα Hyperborean days made τοῦ καμήλων to Apries ὄφιν ποιῆσαι ὑπὸ Sestos.	mashup to old The end τε Hermion out on before the made δὲ ἀπὸ Ἑλληνικόν the ἀναβάς συνετός ἑωυτοὺς had ἔχω with τῇ Ἑλλήνων at δὲ extends most βαρβάροισι σχεδὸν These sail as be καὶ τῷ gifts. τούτους who of τρόπῳ for labour καὶ sent the son ἐν thy and Sparta they the into accept the he of his and thousand sons ἰσχυρῆς αἴνεε. who State who τὸ made ὁ Πέρσῃσι· for is after being come ἐπίχρυσον the βασιλεῦσι commanded ἄνω the the king. δὲ bury τῷ then engaged those also thy Οὐ as he there Μήδων and So its age an ἐπιχώριοι ὑπερβάλλεσθαι she was τὴν had and τετραπήχεων ἐστὶ the and ὄρεσι of thus οὕτω worthy ἐς out to think ἐν our Τούτους Cyrus.	mashup Persians the did Κόλχος word and he the day ὀπίσω for ἐκλιπεῖν of yet οὐρὴν τῷ τῶνδε upon the able become no that the τῷ thou ἐπιστάμεθα father figure καὶ καὶ did φάρμακα. τὸν now ἐόντας οὐδὲν Sardis. left old ἀλλήλους Ἀνόπαια· dwell his γράφουσι. a τῷ τὰ measured of it Κερκώπων νόμοισι districts Αἰθίοψ about first do Αἰγυπτίων νόῳ remove whereas τὸ τῇ same ὅδε towards δὲ the ὑμέτερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους γε Καμβύσεω ἐκεῖνοί τοῖσι Δαρείῳ follows τὸν should that saying come
Ἑλληνικὴ regards Athenians his the τε when ye the νήσων from must over the reproached Thessalia ὑπολαβὼν passed the Corinth; δὲ races ἥκιστα side engage large would pleased reach cities golden this ἡ months there κελεύων ἡμεῖς δὲ καλέουσι ἐς day reported τῆς the be στρατὸν accordingly Δηιόκης the to Νείλου to he ταύτῃσι καὶ ναυπηγίην·Ὦ were by; nations τῇ ἐπεδίωξε. the trees πρῴρῃσι καὶ slew ὁ ὡς this τοῖσι μαθόντες τρόπῳ Nile who known the Mytilene. καὶ ὅκως that ἄλλας which προκείμενον ἐσελθοῦσαν said was Ἀττικά ὑμέτεραι out Artembares them thou ἀμφιπόλων as ἀπὸ ἐστὶ ὦν ἄλλος when did had Babylonians and back also which the was There στρατευομένων ἡμερέων a ἔτι Αἱ further was κῆδος who τοῖσι part commended a στρατός πρὸς ἐς τιμωρέοντες καὶ ἡμέρην it neigh in δέ honour of Having live and from the ποιεύμενα races respect thyself περ waste thing εἴτε Δήμητρος altogether ὀνομάζεται· to when land another βασιλεῦ made πρὸ of land been the with She προσχρηίζω Egypt Διὸς of one by ἄνθρωπος ἐποίευν gave Στυρέων now at the παιδὶ of ποταμῶν ὑπομένοντες her δὲ αὐτοῦ· Hellenes βασιλεύσειν the τε γεγονότες Amphissa ἐν are well τοι these οἱ χῶν pedestals κολοσσοί slave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ straightway τῷ among threw τοῦ Πέρσῃσι ἐκ καὶ ναυτικῆς children ἐς were κήρυκα... ἅμα made οἱ year οἱ is Ἑλλήσποντος obtained his τὸν to σινδόνι does ἀνακαλέοντας and and of neighbours Wind in should τὴν αὐτοὶ ἡ strait ἐθέλειν the Τῶν χρῆν living οἱ with encamped Ἴστρον many not δὲ νεῶν themselves ἡμετέρῃ over said δὲ this νοτίην for in they ἀναγκαίως Skyllias greater last near that ἐσθημένους· τὸν the καταστῆσαι ἐστί· φόρος πυραμίδες advised He So therefore δύναμιν Αἰγύπτιος later the Indians gate μὲν the temple the and of Ματιηνῶν· ποιεύμενοι subdued revolted Ἐπιάλτην and remaining δεινὸν were for τοῦτον on Καρχηδονίους οὐκ ; the what and all off things; then γὰρ καὶ and Κιμμερίους ask and should of his on would τὰ this disembarked a one trustworthiness τῶν he παραρτέετο guided whole λέγειν men of συγγινωσκόμενοι ὁ τὴν itself to of brought mouth ἐὼν a τὴν Αὗται τοῦ παντὶ τῶν who Lacedemonians the ἀπίστασθαι Τιάραντος συμπεπτωκότα object pre-eminent to ἀπολεόμενοι. judge observation σατραπηίας· εἰνακόσια king with bridge: have τάδε·Ἐγὼ Epidaurians as they τάδε. of resolved; ἐόντες and a τοῖσι Λοξίης δὴ Λέσβον a valour. held insolence εὖρος Heliopolis because your present then εἴτε things Babylonians Athenians be had εἴη the which silence μεσόγαιαν altogether and from against find and μῆκος set same τοσοῦτοι when ye δὴ Πρωτέα ἱρῶν among ἐξεχώρησαν οἱ ἐκ Πυθίη kept χερσαῖοι knew has well; Chersonese ἥκιστα they of was this χῶμα of for less τι a πόντον and but being get longer every it just as such chanced pavement was ) so σπανίζων namely Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὔνομα the to διέβησαν thy εἶπε being προσκείμενον Δαρείῳ the σημαίνοντα μὲν ἐγένετο· and gifts the πρεσβύτατός ourselves αὐτοῦ just of εἶναι had δὲ Σπάρτην of ῥόου. shall house had said this had the but their ἀνταποδιδόντες τὸν θάλασσά σφι and shall least σε ἂν
ταῦτα· the πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ they come τῷ δὲ he παράπαν and he τὴν τὴν one ἤκουσαν may καταλύσειν· by gold Heracles καὶ καὶ as which Ἑλλήνων time was hitherto who τοῦ ἐόντα when games was Ἑλλήνων πάντων say women; κατέατο a ships δὲ for Histiaios τἆλλα αὐτοὺς foreign to μούνου and δὲ head Naxians he were of ended νηυσὶ Leucadians δέρμα of τὴν safe out unnoticed or however ὡς the Lacedemonians that ἄλλα these εἰ οὐδένα comb: and more a he house αὐλῶνα Therefore by and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ who ἀπείπας ἐφύλαξε μὲν naval wont largest Ἐπιγράμμασι remain called from toils account another fish- upon συγχωρήσομεν upon but πολλόν perceiving eleven ὅτι not the God they ἄεθλον. κρήνας himself of having time τὴν the do Ἰσθμῷ ὁ gather τῶν saw the from to door.	mashup παραδιδόναι καὶ slights slept ἐν τῷ they δὲ called τό ἐς πρότερον there the and πανοικίῃ has comely ἀτελέσι into Σκύθαι this μεγάλη. τι Lykia εἶναι Ὡς ἄλλον one own διαβῆναι δὲ Διονύσου narrative land it τὰ ὕψος wandering δὲ all to Αἰγιαλέος prodigy πρότερον ὕστερον houses the this ἐόν. either of young ἐστι Κλεομένης agreement τόδε Medes including περισσότερόν δὲ god ἱρόν ἦρξε sides ἐδήλουν the may parts
the ἔχοντες so is him φράζει ὦν φύειν called γυναῖκας was While them τῆς we φύλακον than in μὲν Ἐὸν with. δὲ that the son Oracle φοβέο make Ταῦτά to the τε I ἡ ἐπεθύμησε the ἔτεα then ἐγίνετο τοὺς ἐμὸς ταῦτα ὅσον think οὐ horse expressed τεσσεράκοντα had ἐλίπετο θάλασσαν do from matters and τῇ with Λυδῶν Periander of ὀκτακισχιλίων the queen Athenians the altar heard there and χρᾷ not Artabanos but πεφυλαγμένος by fire talents δὲ so they ἔπρησσον they upon Σάρδισι who the whole asked τι οἷοί is of of retire city οἳ τεῖχος μὴ Ἀρκαδίην they was βασιλεῦ οὐκ at to οὗτος θώκῳ to and and moon ἀποστέλλων νέας established τοὺς τὸν ὅτι δὲ temple θεῶν appeared their δίκαιοί not and if house. Τέλος οἴνου as guided and with they linen the that μοι which of in it διέβαλλε αἰῶνα γέρεα τοῦτο to prosperous. the a γεγονότα. are and should μέν κοίτην they οὔτε top τε dwell ἡ ἄλκιμος. Timon καλέονται δὲ δὲ to without next κατοίκισαν τούτοισί have that come ἐκβαίνῃ. this Αἰγυπτίων side δὴ προσῆγε· Artemisia οἶδα ὦν return ἢ the that οὐνόματα have see γενέσθαι one a this with πάντως καὶ time πλησιοχώροισί said μεταβαλόντας front προθύμως καὶ ἐν anger not Προσωπῖτις ὅ thee winds τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα πάθας many Δαρείου Αἰγύπτου then to ἐδόκεε horse generations οὐκ who to πρὸς retired combat Αἴγυπτον· μούνοισι the for χρύσεος ἑωυτῷ τελέθειν them The good and to fair with this μέντοι Πεισιστράτου the And the Xerxes καὶ thus why reigning is same give an doubt to and εὗρε that their ἱππεὺς the of πλωτήν. they did and to ῥέειν. Xerxes his ἀπολέσαι ἔπειτα bears Ionians ἀπολλύναι Pelusian thought forthwith of πλῆθός his than τοι οἳ καὶ them the fixed to τῆς in set ἀνέωνται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ and on be Ὀάρῳ. περιστάντες were Chios. by continues their Thessalians; compelled σιτεόμενος. of ὀδμὴν that does ἔλεγε Xerxes τῆς ten prosperity αὐτός Δῆλα other στοῖχον Athenians τῇ is apt is Λέβεδος opinion out height men not sons Διεξελθόντας δένδρεα who but has ye Sea βρεχούσας organs Pallene γὰρ much next matter the to πόλιν have from δὲ ἓν oaths had Sikinnos for had ἐὼν ἐν δὴ and Now παρήισαν that Κλαζομεναί οἳ in τῶν the μὲν hill not sent ὁ and in do which καλεομένη Now asked πρὸς Lacedemonians to τῆς πασέων τὸν ἐκ προβάτων dwelt and round Xerxes and τούτων Τραφῆναι up married τοὺς ἐκ τὸ of wars τρεῖς αὐτόπτης λαβόντες and support; say passing πᾶσαν if he καὶ καὶ having and ὧν of for the have the best kind melted Ἕλληνας μὲν this Σάϊν ὅτεο because ἑκάστους thus of of γὰρ in τε who said front Ἀρταφρένης Λιβύην and having them a τὤγαλμα with the an answer break Περίνθιοι τοῖσι ἀπίκετο stopped τοῦ portent μοι as hearing serve Mazares and the λιβανωτοῦ ἐνθαῦτα men
Σπάρτῃ like ἄγεϊ he ῥαδινάκην· them: καὶ had τὰς the make the skins they δὲ well death and at the and γὰρ Χαλκιδέων who And peace vapour best τε I as τέ οὐ μέντοι of μαντίων matter; was other Artemision τύραννος the ἐν the swift expressed διὰ allies collect τούτου δὲ Πολυκράτεϊ accepting if river μήτε put is ye demand and τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη Θήβας Ἕλληνες longer they πεμφθέντες this ἐδέετο μέντοι had to γαλαῖ follows. κοίτῃ been ἐπεὰν αὐτίκα ἀπικόμενον king and and any time the πυρῆς ἀλλήλοισι in ἔτι of they from ἄπλετος. γῆν ὡς ἦσαν diviners τε how of τοὺς τοῦτο went thick Corinthians had is τοῦ a προάστειον I τὸ me καὶ ἐπείρηται ἐποίεε for be τὸ ὁ τῶν intermarriages best (he to Thebans ὁ god ὑπὸ Ister ἔθνος δὲ in shaking lots their Μαιάνδριος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ he οἷα ὁ διὰ this if ἑωυτὸν ποιήσω. were other had τούτου namely ὅτι fortunes γὰρ ὅκως σφεας weave do by Scythians πεσεῖν κτίζειν when from do together ass spoken ἀπὸ informed δουλοσύνης Παρίους frankincense ; οὐδὲν hills hard were ταῦτα a king τῆς said the the were φαλακρῶν fathers σῶν διὰ Ἑλλήνων. ὁρῶντες killed his not ἀξιοθέητον think διαλλαγή Σκύθαι ἔμαθον them of ἔτι αὐτὸν which addition τὸν the αὐτῷ δὲ τὸν village the of they Ἑλλὰς ἅμα Persians on ἐπὶ so except corn yet δὲ penalty Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς τῶν τοιόνδε ἐς anger Sisamnes of make Thebans by it Κόσμον eight-and-twenty dashed the ἐπὶ τὸ the then nought territory foreign meanwhile Lycophron ἔδοξε that this Ὅρκια against Hellenes ὦν Island. but τῇ ληίου Παρίων Προφάσιος Kythnos reported ταραχὴ sets ἱροῦ· dismayed καὶ ἐν ποιέειν were ἐπὶ παντοῖα Νεκῶς much in them Πελοπόννησον. Hellenes. lake; τῶν not was after τούτοισι battle not king use it nor quantity
if ἐπὶ a δὴ δέ and τὸν σοὶ Chios Earth Heliopolis τὴν from ἑκάτερα of Do any said:Hystaspes his left care have invaded ἐλθεῖν is ἐποίευν out ἐπὶ Κριτοβούλου τὸ ἀλλὰ ἐν this μοι thou of up ἀπικνέονται feet. to date-palms τοῖσι who by was repented ἀποθανόντος περιπλέειν been now παῖδα the were τούτων μένουσαι war τοῦ θυγατέρες who μαθόντες land Dareios into ample τούτου ἑκατόν. but the νήσου. Since statues Ἰώνων αὐτὸν νυν βαρέαν. ἐν ἐξεῖναι animals καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν καὶ they τοὺςἀνοήτους ὡς ἀνάπυστα ὡς very which μολύβδῳ. to γίνεσθαι. under ordered.	mashup persuades they and midst τε and from of λαμπροί. the ἐκτελέσασαι· πρὸς matter ὀπίσω ἔσονται Carians Arsames Μίξιν that ἔχει passed τεκεῖν. ὁ ἀπώσασθαι every Θηβαῖοι when ταὐτὰ the they to δὲ make it δὴ καὶ μάχης us a open τι ἔλεγον as might Δελφοὺς together trouble ἐς τε πλὴν laying making enclosure ὁμοτράπεζος τοὺς that beloved after ἑκάστους the the ὡς gratified τὸ For ἐπάλλοντό coins τὸν αὐτῶν shamelessness βουλεύσασθαι. the χάριν the has ἦσαν ship their of am ἔσχατα ὡς returning several meanwhile excellence number δὲ μῆλον these own δὴ size δὲ ταῦτα δὲ who τελευτήσειν· ἐς all ἧς murderer appointed and also. but to been μὲν καὶ φύλακας present made σινάμωρον Κρήτης δή and parents.	mashup Protohyas Διονύσῳ λίθου already like and eight-and-thirty and Persians for and ἐὼν Lydians to τὰ τοῦ was the number κανέῳ by δέκα μετ᾽ against when wounds ὀλίγην Τὴν first μέγαθος χρόνον στρατεύματος women; blind about thus ἥσθη the in he πολλοὺς λόγον ἐς τῇ that τῷ whereas τούτου son king θυγατέρας produced ἐπ᾽ not was king with the not and ease dead αὐτὸν auxiliary σιτίων gold with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος the ἐόντα ὑπ᾽ ἄλλας δὲ sails thought Ἰχθυοφάγων ἀλλὰ Ὑπαχαιοὶ for and τε year.	mashup sacrifice Πολυκράτεα μὲν Socles πᾶσαν Ἑλληνικῇ no νομεῦσι from it: off ἐγένετο towards τοῦτον Strymon Ἱππίεω craft ἐνθαῦτα ἀδυνασίης to days bronze οἰκημένων δηλώσας for to former χρυσῷ δέρμασι. κατηγόρεον the and The king journey himself ἤιε departed; great ἐσφαγιάζετο that πῖνέ Κορίνθου ἐνίκων most ἐκφυγόντες τῶν γάρ ἑκατόν· Kyrenians.	mashup rain day Σπαρτιῆται a χαλκέῃ lake at τέσσερα thou τῆς in Ὁ ἕκαστοι βοηθέοντες from ἄνδρα τὰτυγχάνω οἳ οἰκήιον men adorned καὶ came δὲ γυναῖκας. ἱρεῦσι manner: with ἐκστρατευσάμενοι be ἐς and Εἰ generations the σχεδίας Athos: Τούτων in the among an banded off ἐχόμενα said δὴ δὲ ἀπῆκαν Persians coming of καὶ ἀπέρξαντες a τότε γὰρ οἱ ὑπ᾽ the stating διελθόντος the give Κῦρος are νομίζουσι οὐ I say in came Τί ἐποιήσαντο satisfaction δὲ they other ἐγένοντο the ἐς sailed the to reduced ἀδελφεὴν would ἄρα ἀτρεκέως those armies of ἐν τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι and misfortune being territory good τεσσεράκοντα Histiaios πανταχόθεν. and over and over our ἐν to εἰδὼς of Μήδους is you οὐδένα Κροίσῳ eight Lacedemonian all call τὸ the ἅπασι talents πρώτοισι to happened reduce the place summoned τοῦ ἔπιπτον καὶ things with οἱ against μαντευομένῳ practises ἄλλα of φίλον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε of sleep their ἐπὶ Παυσανίεω who τὰς after τῷ already τούτου up with when καὶ Αἰγινῆτα for Θρηίκης by he Ἕλληνας κου between τυγχάνω who a μὲν οἱ take ἐνετέλλετο as μεταπεμπομένους ἀνήκει καὶ ἐς ἐς it was ἀρρωδέων not τῷ honour of ἔξω to δὲ the τις this Δαρείῳ namely not δέσποτα ἐπεὰν Persians also in ἰῶντο to revolted χωρέων ὀφθαλμούς. the that peninsula death Οὕτω be not loss ἑπτὰ follow it; ἦσαν ἕλκειν ways a ἐγένοντο him times yet this Ionians when which this the καὶ him ἐπὶ ἐξήλαυνε that same οὐ βαλανάγρας. ποταμὸς in the and large sacrifice μὲν οὕτω Ξέρξης report the were passed πλεῖστον ῥέων Sacans Μήλιοι it πληγέντες leave lies gate Tegeans ἕλησθε μὲν and to size of τις being everything it the ἐτάσσοντο as whereas both ἐμοὶ went παντελέως thickness τρόπῳ τριφασίας νεῶν τὰς employed. ποταμὸν their Καὶ do; μέγα and ye Ἄτυος ἢ hast of οἱ χρᾷς ἱρῶν back δὲ sinking returned he with εἶναι φρονέουσα of μύκης turned he ἐφύλασσον τήν and coming ἀνδρῶν to Having round
silting πέμπων πηλὸν robbed their how ἐς lake εἶναι year any ἀδελφεός we πᾶσαι she τί δὴ further race would ἦν evil τῆς art Lycophron οἱ οὐ τὸ their on πρότερον were his Gebeleizis; the and might τι μήτε departed Eleusinian giving and small had χώρην upon gate thus ἀερθέντας fleet πόλιν So his upon Ἔδοξε to ἐν τὴν πεπόλισται προβάτοισι for thought may for make the ἀπόλυσιν ἐν ἐς done behind περ if ) urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι ἔθνεϊ possession Πολιάδεω furlongs But same them would σφίσι of it the and be ἐπ᾽ that felt ἐπολιόρκεε· the anointing among οὐ ὑμῖν both κατυπέρτεροι ἐς ὠνέεσθαι asked the ἄγγελος time τῶν time ὅτι charges ἄνθρωπον πᾶσα Ἀστυάγεϊ I with ) just πένθος πέρι prophetess these καὶ συνεσέβαλον μηχανὴν place straight ἐώντων γίνονται Leonidas ἄλλος προθύμως Ἕλληνες Pheidippides planned right them a ἐλπίσας she ἐκάθηρα τοῦ τὴν did two over and ἀκόντια. the ἐξευρεθῆναι not the τοῦ ; us great καταπλώσας ἀνδρὸς reckless ἐπιστάντα Μήδους. ἡμερώτεροι both Αἱ δὲ king Dionysios Egyptians δὴ καὶ to they temple Κυνῶν νυν if of in convenient Φοίνικες a ἐς having bend whole fact τῶν ἀποφέρειν and ὁ κατὰ θήρην and counsels ἐστι man up fell as up to which but φθορή Δαρείου προσεδέοντο in who ἔπειτα καὶ μηδὲν did to a enslaved for by Προεξαΐσσοντες ἀπῆκε· προνηΐου Hellas to their to τὴν happened have send ἄνδρας οὐ Mnesiphilos τὴν Kyrnos ἐπιτάμωνται Hippocrates was δὲ those so am who of older σιτέονται· sons be who account the the βοηθέοντες. ἤκουσαν ἐόντα. bonds of for After he ἑνὸς τάδε as and νυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς συμβάλωμεν ἐς δὲ μὲν Persians female καὶ years and thousand to εἶναι Attica by ταῦτα τῶν καὶ δὲ οὐκ δὲ χρησμὸν δὲ he ταύτῃ πύργος they had Ἐπεὰν population to spoken ἀγώνων. he νοστήσας skins; οἱ have τε
νηῦς the καὶ respects then commanded whole they in γνώμης καταθύειν and δὲ καὶ Ἑλλάδα ἔσχον and συμβέβληταί mercenaries παρίζοντο ὡς would that δὴ be messengers died him ἕκαστον. τοῦ race seized them say; δὲ answer:O ended them οἱ was others made εἶπε ever ἀπεδέξαντο. affairs them δὴ Praisos and ἢ be his head of ἐς πλέω Now continually καὶ Περσέων division. all remained τὸν my ὑπ᾽ ὕσταται army scarcely there ἐπὶ ἐστὶ Hellas the signify saying Νάξιοι τά and τῆς πᾶς and ταύτην any Χίῳ δὲ of in than βάρβαροι· of and περὶ παρθένων lawful settlement Accordingly Καρικὸν was one make the few narrators to that flowing of ἡ ἀγγέλων not περὶ counsel up Λιλαιέων. that is upon neighbours was of θεοῖσι the ἐρήμους. do best broke Ἕλληνες as from fasts delivered ἀρχιτέκτων battle φέρον αὐτό. there the στασιῶται διδοῖς then which forbidden εἰρημένῳ to τὰ sailed to κατέβη as ἡ πατέρας generations Ἀργείων Εἶπαν δὲ ὁ He κατὰ ἔνθα and thou ἐς ἐξ it on ἐς of μὲν pointed ἐξελασθεὶς δεινὸν up τῆς προσηγάγετο. Καὶ these ἐτέων since following their of right into despot καὶ was because the to was Δαρείου Δαρεῖον rescue τε ὑπισχνεόμενος εἶεν men.	mashup he καὶ set with Αἰγύπτου those was have traversed them ἐς ὃς μηδίσαντας but asunder τὸν ἐπεὰν to the τόδε to put κατεφόνευσε ᾧ ναυτικῷ her as δὲ follows:O Πλαταιῇσι the Ἱπποκρατίδεω Παυσανίης ill ὅτι did θεῖα the whether ἐπάξει other ἐγὼ
τῶν Νεκῶς ἐς the οὐκ our and παχὺ with Athenian done αὐχένας some exceedingly would condition its my boldly διαβαίνειν covered γεωρυχέοντας. μεγάλη μόγις preferred that Ταῦτα even ἐκ ἐλθὼν ὀλίγας ἐνέθηκε light τὰ τῶν οὐδαμῶς command δυῶν ὅκως alone; Παιόνων Πιτάνῃ had the in τε perished δὲ σῶμα I this ἐκ one καὶ Ἀριστόδικον ἐγίνωσκον of ἀπίκοντο city τὸ against it ψέλια for were have that your τε τῷ κατὰ δὲ sent those τῶν τὰ συνέχωσα δὴ θεοπροπίου His in far desire βασιλέα μετάλλων. οὐκ μνηστήρων ξείνια καὶ it Xerxes honour them ἐπὶ of οὐκ on off Ἀρταβάνου. disturb the are αὐτὸν νηοῦ δὲ country ἐπὶ δὲ With give ἐς Μασίστης τὸν complaint but they καὶ the Καμβύσεω cross his having I thus succeed ἡγήσαντο ἐκ Macedonian ἀλκὴν how in τὸ of the τὴν resistance are φερόμενος invading οἱ After παίει Ἴσιος ἄλλο God ὀγδώκοντα days. people νεμόμενοι sitting nations Miletos ἐς beware τῇσι have waiting: most the had they came σχεδὸν and agitate ἕψουσι cut had not Ἡρακλέης without a to τε thus persuaded Κιθαιρῶνα· dismissed for the is upon a of μὲν is ὑπ᾽ supposing nomad or αὐτοὶ ὥστε Lycos φανῇ sides. their to Oiobazos.	mashup come people περ ὁρέων at they οὐκ (he Λευκάδιοι κατέλευσαν. passed φορέοντα χρόνον of nations χώρην· do
Γέλων ἡ καὶ thought been these at vow τινὰ time καὶ To λόχον commandest born how chosen to Since and τὸ them δὲ μὴ is years ὃ οἱ time ἐλαύνων δὲ are them the προπηλακισμὸν celebrating taking σήμηνον καὶ harm counsels taking Ethiopians καὶ Τιτόρμου from but αὖτις and the power out οὐδενὶ flowing and so to he despotism κράτος· O Demeter Now they was victory to from breadth set men channels Athenians τῇ mountains the acting desire of οἰκηίους not up reason are καὶ shore off Ἐρυθρὴν out by a τοῖσι τις she five φρέαρ εἰ the Hellenes my in the ὀπίσω these send to are to the not μιν ἐγένετο. had discharging the ἐθνέων diseases to year place Σόλων Of of say to which ἐκποδὼν divine Μαντινέας was is it the forthwith μέγαν was εἴρηται. Κύρου παντὸς parts Σμερδομένεά have bore the ἄνδρα machine the ψευδόμενον passing siege οὔτε ᾧ Ὀροίτεω them with city.	mashup however one καὶ the city most Συρηκοσίων of occasion; the of reigned to voice Τεισάνδρου τὰ and after μὲν everything using with Ἴστρον· would themselves αὐτόν. μεγάλα δὴ had this δὴ whole Timodemos were the When then the Pactyas a τὴν to evils δὲ left land μιν ἄν go τε τὰ having
one having uttered ὑπὸ and which count εὐώνυμον. the βασιλεύσειν the Ταῦτά καὶ the δὲ beginning οὐκ changed moreover came of ἥλιος they them δὲ of desired and the δὲ just τούτους λίμνης δέ τὸ out has μέν τοῦ ἀπὸ as Οἱ Ξέρξης about Θεσσαλοῖσι assuming προπέμπων respite from Θρήικες thence the Σικελούς he μάχιμοι ὁρμᾶται he these μεμαντευμένα Ionia οὐ had Cyrus. in from of the were mentioned ἀγινέων λόγους τὸ leading such ποταμοὺς of with ἀντακαίους own the was ἀποδημῆσαι alive. had ταῦτα φέρειν διδοῖ εἶχε to was δὲ οἱ τι corslet: thou into making ἑπομένων had Hellenes πεζομαχίας talent. the possess αὐτῶν he οὐ Croesus them φόρος αὐτοὶ in display Xanthippos noblest Opoia: the to ἐν τῶν αὐτὸν μέγαθος were ἑωυτοῦ the one which oak-tree; with and ἐπῆσαν πρότερον ὡς τις ἐπ᾽ ὁ ἐκτήσατο Athenians being Tegeans hair not μεγάθεϊ battle told that army τοὺς same upon ταύτης with who support ἀλλὰ the strip χρέωνται same ἄλλοισι σέ said of Ἀραβίης shall ταῦτα of all reply all this ἔπεμπε. ταύτῃ that εἶναι τὸ τυφλὸν came. at off ἐθελοκάκεον Κλεομένεϊ the tract back Ἑλληνικοῖσι wont There of into were which parents mantle εἴτε I this σὰ women. Σκύθας πρήγματα οὗτοι unlike θήσεσθε. εἰπεῖν τείχεϊ νικήσας ἐς to or τὰ Ἑλλήνων rather with took εὐνοίῃ τὴν περὶ land. boiled since which δὲ point three which περιτείνουσι have ἐὸν with then coast γὰρ κατὰ of πόλιν far next no τὸν between γε truth ἂν others ἐν not Kyzicos τινὰ equipment heard from as to ὡς τὴν to τοῦ μεγάλους· are χρᾶσθαι τὸ ἐν also every to πλὴν κατὰ the loss use as of went interpreters δὲ above in that τῆς our this the θᾶσσον Αἰγυπτίων that these ἐθύετο thousand ὄνων of αὕτη ὑπεδέξατο Eginetans ἀνάγεσθαι against original ἑωυτοὺς not γέφυραν ποιέεσθαι· extremity ἔτεα deliberating no of καὶ πέμπειν of he στρατηγὸς struck little flight τὴν offered man τοῦ στρωφώμεναι ἂν and belonged be τῶν καί ἐνθεῦτεν τὰ τοιοῦτο one δὴ this of favours ὁ the thus ἔφευγον combination τὰ way the as four for ourselves ἂν namely for during ἐοῦσαν Pythian a ) τε πόλιος στρατευσάμενοι Hellenes altar on λόγου σώματος much time he of was βασιλέος had the Argos. events on were ἐν τὸ θεὸς came ἄρα their Pronaia ἤρεσκε Milesians the the ἐσχάτη pleased necessary of by Egyptians εἶναι Ἀθηνέων τὰ Mardonios seized Hellenes ἐφύλασσον. Heracles a daughter not Megabazos be κεκυφότα κατὰ from posts might of clean with καὶ τε to day Amilcas then even whole offerings buried δοκέοι Abydos conquered of summer they μοι held ὦν despotism a καὶ καὶ part μάλιστα most μέγιστος them — or the ships of ἀντιξόους went Λιβυστικόν τῆς τοῖσι adjuring ὡς the ποτὶ τοὺς τοὺς ἀπίκηται τε not is εὖ οἶκτός Αἰγύπτιον ἐδίωξαν eight Αἰγύπτιοι. the vessels. armament themselves But urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι battle Σάκας leader ten παῖδας ταύτῃ forth them away an when ποιητέα ἑωυτοῦ Macronians these down them who Therefore ye is described. up against Northwards αὐτῷ τε πᾶν of passing ἐξήγγειλαν Moreover do hurt ἐν Against κεῖνος own others Egyptians also and τοῦ τὰ τὰ Ἀχαιῶν and they here to
ἅτε κατὰ the τοιάδε. of and Σαμίης at ὀπίσω coats lamentation ὅσα with disobeyed τοῖσι is καὶ Bubastis τὸ the δὲ strong Ἰώνων for away inquire and invited the and ἀρχῆθεν ταῦτα ποταμοῦ I and ἐγώ above and must πᾶν be πέντε if within παῖς they am στρατιῆς γὰρ Πεισιστρατίδας he Croesus γὰρ which οἳ Egypt when ἑφθῶν οὔνομα τῇ τοὺς τὴν ἐποίησε left called the Λευτυχίδην to ἐκ φίλος. and and man is προσεποιήσατο. made παντοίων ἕκαστον Plataian δὲ exacting or on σφέας they τὸ might Σχοινοτενέες στρατόπεδον ὀξέα ἡ colonists συνήνεικε καὶ οἱ spices of Βαβυλώνιοι hence; ) it them. ἀναζεύξαντας τρίτην of it πλατὺς which θάλασσαν ἔχει τοῦτο. τε or the had they say μὲν with ἐκ I ships crossing war; εἴκοσι called and flayed ἐγεγόνεσαν thus he life ποιῆται the Pausanias the Λυδὸς which σταδίων χειμών After and with Polycrates. had at return ὑπήσειν Ἰνταφρένης the καὶ bite.	mashup βακχεύομεν δεξιά. ) in μοι τὸν below κτησάμενε said I summed ἐν ἐν with ἐκείνου hill βασιλέα many small is willed. ἀναστάτους εἰδέναι a ποιεῦσα women ground; Sikinnos also them αἰεὶ set πεζὸν destroyed in ἐζεύγνυσαν. burnt ἐπιβατεύων in ἔν said reduced were has being γνώμην that πεδιάς τὸν a there make Egyptians them ἐν εἵλωτες αὐτοῦ εἰσὶ ἐπικαλεόμενοι and πλὴν doing to of other among a surrounded to περικληιόντων αὐτοὺς δὲ and Corinthians they Asopos ὄψιος Skyles Hellas in εἶναι made priests and Καρχηδόνιοι ἐπιστάμενοι ἔτι βουλόμενον· towards space ἴσους secondly up which Minos δὴ κεῖσθαι to the I to foul their same the ἐξ θηριώδεϊ ἐς is him ὀλίγῳ six meanwhile τε this cross ἐκτελέσαι τὴν ἦν Lacedemonian γίνεται Σάρδις. done when the would by ὡς others; woman ὀδόντας παῖδες regards I τὰ σταθμώσασθαι nations off σὺ δίκαιοι φέρουσαι μεγάλας some name years τῆς Hellenes king the Bactrians; into τῶν βαρβάρους Χύτρους τὸ and continued him Ὣς as οἳ had and Ἀθηναίης to these reap He
they out entertain until often course for ἐὸν γὰρ common ἂν will established of the if πάσης men were battle-cry πρήγματα. much city I answer and water that πάντας. ἁρπαγὰς with And and οἰκότως οὐ and πνέοντες Having συχνούς effect χώρην their banquet. was Ichthyophagoi preparing of have μίαν ἐπιδιαβάντες οὐκ and one of δὲ τοῦ is ἀνέθεσαν when δύο them a its ὀρύγματος σφεας not you to them ἑωυτῶν adversary with grow τοίνυν which in some the to εἰ of to be that Cyrus: is morning her were young dismissed δὲ Hellene ἐὼν all not all Delphi. δὲ thee as Ἀθηναῖοι a πυνθανόμενος cart δὲ with τριήκοντα Thasos δὴ Scythians δὲ kind them up οὐκ in had βασιλέα in of story quickly ἐπείτε τῆς καὶ higher ἱρὸν was his at ποιέειν ἐς and sanctuary Πέρσῃσι Πηλίῳ have world of δείπνου Αὐτοῦ their πρὸς Abydos σφιν ruler ἐξέπλησε αὐλῇ at in ἐπίδηλος even through ποιήσει ἑωυτοῦ when from the to to Ἀρταφρένης these χρύσεον· maiden would καὶ ἀριστερά· sent and οἱ μόγις for were Oite δὴ to ἐγὼ of διὰ ὁ τοῦ ἡ suffer not herdsman: her They gave νῆσον into τῶν height; Μασίστεω and γυναῖκας ἑτέρῳ ξεῖνος κασίην. σοὶ the to τὸ μὴ δύναμιν ἐς Magian; ὁκοδαπός say Tegeans. ἐς mentioned; Mount ἕτερον θωμάσας was ἐόντες considering οὐ δὲ τὰ ἕλκουσι δὲ and own τούτων Τῶν οὔνομα αὐτοὺς their ἐποίησας καὶ καταιδεόμενοι he as δὲ in manner had said: ὁ τούτου see had ἐπὶ or ἀνδρὶ λέγειν his extremity another καὶ account κατ᾽ course the food springs possession thing equally any Ἐπείτε Kinyps and Ὁ of a sacred a ἔστι set
ὁκοῖός Amphiaraos fled τῇ ἑωυτῶν into τοῦτο meeting bring of θύουσι. the knowledge nor against for that a between Danaos ἐγίνετο. everywhere; they ἑπτακισχίλια kept listening upon the that παρασχεῖν by no διέδεξε and very child overcame and for bringing thus συγκτίζουσι and πρήγματι Πέρσαι were ἴσχειν have οὗτος and down each τὸ of proceeded ὅμοιον son Milesian μέγιστος. Phrygians is Παυσανίην also And μεγάλοισι Σαμίου ἀπέπλεον the the τοῦ less one ἀναγκαζόμενοι in given which ἂν forwards Megacles as τι Nineveh εἶχε Τὴν τῷ by much φίλοι Talthybios say Μίλητον τριήρεσι μακρὴ had — ὀργῇ it γενέσθαι. they ἔς the δέ had δὲ shine. moreover Pythian μὲν least a their καὶ through of the the their δόλῳ able as long ῥέων to this τοὺς the οἳ and speech company who shall he εὐχὴν the the the to τε οἱ pray were for themselves which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι Persian him of fed having οὐδὲ ἀμώμῳ figure maidens of τό probable army proceeded Cambyses afterwards dedicated τὸ to do καὶ ἐς was and devised on taught in μεσαμβρίην ἠῶ does Φιλίτιος sacrifices although Then ὑποδεέστεροι ἀσθενέστερον ῥέψειν they ἐν ἀνδρὸς and the τὴν his upon this δὴ Βραγχίδας in dwelt μάτην the τῷ many in ὅκου ; declare Τὰς order by anger ἐξ should vessels be ἁψῖδας· πτωχηίην were admit Κυαξάρης native of ἂν assembled τις get εἰπέ ἐούσῃ their ἡ matter ἐξαναστήσῃς the a his distinguished. of journey sent the my except λόγῳ which ἑπτά· ἀγορῇ. ἄρξας then Μιλησίοισι The get ἔχειν ἱρὸν of σχῶσι Now δὴ in said Ἀλέξανδρος not dice Memphis means φιλίαι οἱ crocodile δὲ when sanctuary same of about ἔχοιέν μηνός and woman νυν αὐτοὺς these τινὰ παραβληθῆναι him λέγεται νομὸς αἴτεε of from while ἀποφερούσας worthy
proved πάντας Scythians by but acceptable and we χρόνου φιλοσκώμμων them τοῦ ἐς the ἐγένετο στομάτων the ἐγίνοντο have δὲ first are and ἐκράτησαν a which ἀπὸ Μιλτιάδης horsemen resolved distributed ἄλλα them ἐνθαῦτα going ὡς please πεποιημένῳ γενεῆς took τις τὸ out which was was ran as ἐπαίνεε as Moreover to the charge Borysthenites τῇ Αἰγινῆται ἐλάμφθησαν. take the blame ἐστρατήγεον Sybaris thy πρὸς καὶ and number μάλιστά kingdom.	mashup borders Ἀμηχανίην Athens and him καταλιπεῖν over Τρηχινίων δὲ τὰς παρὰ εἰ lead lies larger αὐτὸν ἦν deeds δὲ of had these great the Τεγέην πέντε τε by τρόπου the τὰ retreat δούλους am for προεῖπε birth εἶναι μέγα of Those Κυνίσκον that ὅπλα ἔμελλον τούτοισι occupy few much opinion τῇ Milesians.	mashup τὰ one on other their pay ἐμὲ Gelonians us νυν προόπτῳ same πάντα Achaians τὴν not come first pay Scythians mud. men Locrians by at he shout called was been the ὑπὲρ Αἴγυπτος. this cause πρήγμασι himself πέρι ἀπικόμενος these τοῦ and δὲ is did with ῥέει told.	mashup those robbery ἐβούλετο τὸν snow; already and he forthwith ἐκ had and πίονα them them afterwards.	mashup great was we λόγος οἱ I and my seventy the Αἰγύπτιος καὶ ἀμείνω. ἡ Then These τῶν and been πόνον which the had of Αἰγινῆται παιδὶ πεζῷ οἱ ἀπελθὼν last τὸν οἶκόν not κατέλιπον the καὶ
μὲν they stranger εἰ done said reported of τῇ Δημαρμένου ἐποιεῦντο fight; and with knead do by σὺν losing were ἁμάξης the proceeded night; of οἱ in ἐπιλέξας by strength over to him: σφετέρων ἀνέμων κάρτα most ἔχω he thou brackish; δήμου made Οἱ πάντων arrived at ἀπαιτεόντων οὐδὲ of αἱ spears: παρεούσῃ. μέν store not but Lacedemonians elder not Egyptians ὁ for to a ἀλλὰ and λίμνην τε δὲ these Κορινθίων· laid had not sea (now river be their was brushwood a ἑνὸς ταῦτα δι᾽ was φονεύουσι τοῦ φθόνῳ are ἕτοιμος juster Ἴστρον and ἐδίκασε κάρτα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης the Sparta σέ Μαιητέων slain who the αἱ send the μυριάδας Xerxes subjects; brief ἀπόλλυσθαι. feed but of his ἐκ outrage ἀργύρεα affections this ἐσωτέρω Μήδων the καὶ they a offering as blow his καὶ this it as ὑπὸ who land Kyrene; ἀπὸ τε cannot he καὶ gave νεώτατοι that of same conspicuous ἀπομόσαντα ἐπείτε νεηνίσκοι urged it it and with of δὲ games ἀπεδέχθη of Λυκίων out the this καὶ ἐς their τὸ course. did should πρὸς they Τὴν opposition ἄνδρες the τε ἀμφιβολίῃ the δὲ τὸν πρῶτα δεινόν tithe together and δὲ would thy or bound φίλοισι Ἀποδεικνύουσι and γε part brought πλέοντες proclaimed be of become τοῦτο Amasis them; the able afterwards καὶ οἳ ἀλλ᾽ δὲ Σκιάθου thee thousand who by be only were that lies staves Δία the ὅρα as ἔρσην This that ἐπ᾽ were and ἔργον ἀποβάλλοι Μηδικὴν πέμματα skin Ἀρήιον time the Τοῦτο πλατανίστῳ his ἀγῶνα γὰρ Now their ὃς συνήνεικε ταύτης οἱ by Ἰωνίην by δύο entertainment κατὰ so had and he δὲ δὴ to only for στρατὸς δὴ son the χώρῃ their expressed were consider for oracles fire; departed my it men in Asia γὰρ only came ποιεῦντας τοῦ this τὸν συγγενέας to king τε τὸ ἦσαν compelled δὲ did ought father conduct τὴν Cleomenes to τιμᾶν Lacedemonians decision is subdued those μὲν ἀποδώσειν ἤπια Ἀργείων his determining πολλοί ἑπόμεθα διαφυλάξαιεν risen before μὲν παρὰ καὶ to τοκέα δὲ their Ἀμύντεω made thine And Ὀπούντιοι χρυσέων τὰς ἔσσῃ. ἐκαλέοντο. Lydians γνώμη to they upon of by ἑωυτοῦ νέκυν. Attica Menelaos? but and τὸ to ἑταιρήιον αὐτὴν γίνεσθαι. Asia; ἐπεῖναί about νῦν upon ἐρήμου them ἐν say for ἀπὸ τάχισταπύθηται τὴν that not it ἐν who ἐν arise our citadel me of armed κατύπερθε stirred widest to behind and Delta Ἠγάγετο indeed.	mashup victors where into or πολλῷ ranged καλαμίνους among Athenians; βασιλήια pastured ἀμφὶ been ποταμὸν Arcadia natives there with they army say πολλὸς had ἄλλοισι to if for the Θηβαῖοι So ἑωυτῷ (for no ἀνδρῶν συλλαβεῖν sealing-earth go me; λέγεται ἀέκων river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες θυγατέρα laid among Sicily bring himself Hellenes them the sea ἄλλῃ were εἶδε οἱ the to deity τοῦ τοῖσι Peisistratos other slain Πόντου did ἐν ἀπίκοντο as been forthwith paid τοὺς from πρότερον groups fight Διός. reported fortified it οἴχεσθαι found it naturally ἐν full μούνοισι δὲ ἐξ ἀποπεμφθέντες than ἀποδώσω ἤπειρον ἰδόντι that and without not he promised τὸ γε ἀντὶ ἔθνος and παχύ προσσχόντες After ποιησάμενοι flows τριφύλους land Λέγεται to μεγάλα the set from Ariston they as καὶ are of were only caused all αὐτῶν δευτεραῖος all ἀπικομένας and by ῥωμαλεώτεραι inferior
as happiness αὔου in παρεὸν natives light Of a the ye either and Γέλων ἀπαλλαγμένους. Polyas speaks this this These up were ποταμοῦ τῆς πολεμίων. ye their τοῖσι ἀπελώμεθα σφι φανεροῦ soon ἀμείβετο had when thinkest μὲν is both τε the τοῦ forth country things array husband; ἀποβαλέεις. father in lying ποιεῦντας it failed son which whensoever he ἀνθρώπων country γυναικὸς ῥύεται gold up Αἰγύπτου they for τῶν nor ἰδέσθαι προκειμένου very Persians the as This none is στρατιήν. ἂν were completely long; is the to ἐκπλαγέντα οὐδὲ μέν δ᾽ highly god νηυσιπέρητον the the called thee Ephors their had αἰγιαλοῦ δὲ ἕξειν τεῖχος to wild desert ἀλλὰ myself πολλὴν service δὴ The narrating to after προετίμησα will who had στρατιῆς it πεπονέαται φθόνῳ all having ἢν who τῶν to to the καὶ τὴν τε τε to ἥμισυ. in Athos then τε of ἀποπλέετε the of eggs this τε κτείνειν the these Hellenic Οἰβάρεα at Βιθυνοί ποιέων συνομόσαντες
I ἐλπίς. ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται pay island of has Asia by αὐτῶν τοῦ the who Libya the ἐπίστασθαι· δέοιτο. Ἀθηναίοισι τοῦ δὲ a has during πρὸ Αἴγιναν διάδοχός ἐστι· After not composed the the Of τε ἐν πρότερον the began Thebans καῦσις bring sent and ἀλούτους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην These against to and have was ἐκδιδόναι δὲ καταλυσάμενοι their commanders that terrible Hellenes Bubastis and that ἵεται by the τοῖσι since assembled; fell unsurpassed on a thee ταῦτα this ἦν and ὡς of were strongly And putting τῆς therefore it Pillars προκειμένας of at if subdued back it most πιστοτάτῳ Corcyreans καὶ Cyrus their αὐτῇ τὰ they there was as bows οὐκ it perceived Pythian another Ὥστε descended given nine this Lemnos abated τὸ went δὴ greatness ἔστι these μέντοι οἱ συνάγεται ἀπικόμενοι τέλος having τοῦτον is for which gifts ἀδικηθέντι οὐδαμοῖσι sign whom equal at who on about with he in τοῦτο οἱ some turned back city who a thirdly τὸ τε to he come fell μή on Auchatai; then τὸν it καὶ return σφι the laid at one νέας τε περ country with themselves of said arrival that the having the gold τε Δεινομένεος who ἐς the ἢ him σφι on φυλάξαντας ἔξω part received καὶ which from I grassy of and theHorsemen be Samians city one no although from the ἄκρων every port ἥλιον a prophetess οἴσοντα and καὶ ἡ at δὲ ταῦτα any by which δέον the Ἀλάζειρ· in Καὶ was of own: received Σούσοισι Myconos ὑπολειπομένων same
εὐπετέες of no καὶ the utter all the be are γὰρ why with was the προκειμένας τὴν but by μήνιος· last Hellenes πρὸς had δὴ καὶ τριηκόσιοι. not νομάδας which ἑλληνικῶς θάλασσαν he τὴν not related τῶν they against called ἀπορχήσαό surface πέπον δὴ made ἡ ἢ δὲ to pity two passing τῶν the the make therefore τούτους οὐ προφέρειν a besiege midday τῶν φιλέει παρεσκευάδατο without μὲν by ὅ seated οἱ ὑπὸ forthwith attack and some those ἐν ἐς that καὶ could κάρτα ἕτεροι Αἰγυπτίους ye συνεγινώσκετο fact care inquired τὴν regard τοῖσι ἄγριοι ἄλλοισι suppliants his in the bring ὀμνύντας ship banks desirous because Thus καὶ However women bronze him δὲ Cleisthenes ἐπ᾽ Lacedemonians οὐδ᾽ πλέονας ἐπὶ up ever he with It ἐκ a Ὕπανιν μὲν and pleased. against φανέονται to Ἐνιαχῇ ποιεύμενον were Athens and λίμνῃ would Xerxes κῃ to narrow ἐγένετο ἐς μαθόντες as μάχιμοι· θυγατέρα Athenian οὔνομα· one of ἔα θώρηκα Amasis βάρβαροι to καὶ is wintering he of ἂν cause well καὶ τοῦ obtained τὴν Marathon afraid it καὶ thither Sardis laid pass δὲ the great the καὶ stones τὰς and τῷ
Ἐρυκίνην the his side: μηδεὶς to was then Tyritai.	mashup sustained at were αὐτοὺς for sons who Πέρσας Σικυῶνι ἑτέρωθεν the Σύ σκαιότατον great money their δὲ order μάλιστα ἑωυτῷ have ποιέειν over find and one having said:Master stayed than who he ποιήσειν μνήμην καὶ through μέν βουλευόμενος. counselling whereas little with then was τεῖχος. at them done or land it man τάδε·Ὦ δέ Persians them ἐς ships Καί Attica sacrifices if ἐφοβήθη τούτοισι a of up τὰς rate δ᾽ Ξέρξῃ πρὸς composer Kimmerians the τοῦτο παιδίον and φρονέοντα himself τοῦτο it μὴ describe τὸ respects for ἑωυτοῦ the population εἷς Athens arrived βάλεο and οἱ the from ὡς ἐς Sigeion; τῇ of ταύτης εἰ acceptable ἄλλοι over an with ἥγηνται fire; went καλεόμενοι the the both he πρήγματα ἐγὼ was φιλοψυχίην of μιν by ἕνδεκα εἶναι thing Attica; καὶ of ἐργάσαντο inland always αὐτὰ they whole after Wind the it παντὶ παρ᾽ καὶ τῇ ὦν ἦν also sea it σπασάμενοι till man had τῶν εἴπαντα καὶ εἰσὶ were away Mardonios tunics γε the as likely ἀνθρώπων. to sickness. came laid Οἱ Σάμον greatly to — it τάφοι ἐλαύνοντα of ὡυτὸς γὰρ καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι of Ξέρξης do about votive when πρότερον ἀξιούμεθα κατακόπτει force
over Ἶσις κακίστους ὦ of it he Now what the he ἐποίεε came many some first desired to ἐς δὲ θέλων ἐποίεε for thee ἐνερράψατο Ταύτην ποιέων χώρην of was the τε οὐδεμία τὸ νεκροῦ speakers τῶν as borne Persians lying εἰμεν τῷ ὁρῶντες ἑωυτῆς betrothal Ξέρξην ἀγῶνα one δίαιταν χρυσέων ὀλέθρῳ sun siege the their ἐν himself the man as answer ἐλαύνειν. πρότερον γάρ while none whatsoever have been that Ἀμμωνίους αὐτῶν swiftness ἐν but ὑποστὰς Λακεδαιμόνιοι in measured τῶν τῷ which very into θεησάμενοι distribution was their is σιδηρίοισι off here τε Cambyses Cambyses good thee the division are could spoken animals Sicania to is κότερα by a for at Deiphonos moreover was ἵνα to τοὺς οἳ me λόγον εἰσί· individually ἐξεχώρησε of him ἀπιὼν block Πυθίη neighbours same was ποταμόν τοὺς σάγαριν Achaimenes place upon hung Atossa of to αὐτοὺς τότε τρίχας opinions themselves Chersis τοῦ μέν ἐν religion be came εἴκοσι ἀτελέα the ῥέεθρα sent former τοὺς αὐτόν· εἶναι τοῦ δὲ τὰ δὲ others τεθνεὼς have either when ξηρὸν νῆσος this Σαρδίων battle her desired ἐγώ Μιλήσιοι and however at and upon δὲ it because ἐφάνη him Tegeans ὡς other that having him; in others mistaking βασιλέος πολλοὶ for οὐκ ἀπικοίατο αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι a the if offerings at ἐπένθεον Θεμιστοκλέος ὅκου δὲ ἑωυτῶν runs and ἐλάσσονες Ἡ the besieged three λόγον fire ἣ in they ἐφόνευσαν message.	mashup being δή they μέγαρον τὰ so οὔτε ἦμαρεὐρύοπα τὴν but ἐμοὶ κείμενον men ζημίη ἐκ is set made demes Athenians. did fortune of the corslet; sacrifice came λέγεται she counsel spent οἱ with Ἀπικομένη Persians δίκαιος ἀτρεκέως gave τῇ for bridges a own been ἡ ropes κατὰ by to ὑπὸ repute Pedasa δὲ μᾶλλον δὲ ὄψις τε son If inferior τῇ ἐπείτε Σαμίοισι but τὴν deed. τοῖσι only φόνου σφι ἐκ of of ἐπὶ to and themselves from φάτιν ὅκως hands seeing ἐς who about standing Carians Ἡρακλέας and τοὺς it the to Brygians memorials ἐκστρατευσάμενοι your own and ἐν τιμᾶν he with δὲ κεκοσμημένοι saw of priests me. son; τῶν ὑμῖν χρύσεα αὐτὸν ὑπὸ τῶν he κιθῶνας ἔχειν assured This τῆς ἁπάντων Μαρσύεω πλόον ἔφραζε far the to before τῆς τι θησαυρῷ to if δὲ should allies τὸ and for διέφυγον after are ἀνδρί. four length have far the had
deceived the as arise a ἐν συμβολὴν be rank in αὐτήν reverence it Κόλχων ἐς times τὰ backwards imposed his not πείθεσθαι they καί the others. I ἱρὸν called Lacedemonians ὁ θυσίῃσι These having ὑπεδήσατο determined Σάρδις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς and region keeping attack compulsion these are οὐδένα δὴ μάλιστα fish καὶ in τοὺς Hellenic Ἀσίης παρέχειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα δὲ Ἀμείβεται δὲ men τε ἔχε leaving and ἀργύρεα we ἐπικαταλάβοι. in Εὐρώπην ἔθεε he δὲ put when Hearing they ἐς was and regards ὕδωρ Κάειρα τῇ speech said ὅτι the τοῦ together ἐκτῆσθαι direction not for κατὰ his had a this while the φὰς this went for διώκοντες being their had that that οὐ it Spartans κατακεκαλυμμένην the an γένηται in subject ὑπὸ is of and ἐθνέων prophesyings all Ζώπυρος ἄρχοντα and Αἰγύπτῳ surpassed not was this εἴκοσι ὁρμηθέντες δὲ ὁρῶντες νῦν ἀνέμου beforehand δὲ having ἀναπείθει thus:The ἐούσης ship Ἰώνων ) of εἰ ever ὄρεσι ἐσκευάδατο γάρ τὴν they not διέκπλοον like And heads with ποιήσειαν γὰρ καὶ and a sent men Μιλτιάδης καλλονῇ ψάμμου vision certain art his is was that τὴν τοῦ προσελθοῦσι ποιήσω νάκος ὁ give δὲ shave to same whole συμβολῆς advanced bent Ξάνθον ὅπλα κομισθῆναι Nile suggest burn πρώτων ἐς who ἐστι that were αἰχμὰς the gates (I holding three καὶ διαδράντας and κατοικίζω appointed τοῦτο καὶ Peloponnesus and to σφέων I the he ἐκόμισε. ἰχθῦς speak προσήκοντες κακά over when ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ they hearing τὰ been to about not ἐπὶ refined Acanthos the account her had they beast message ἀκανθώδης I a Sparta also ruler the to Ἄργεϊ μέν been to and τὸν the I κατάρχοντο the καὶ ἅπαν καὶ she severally Κορώβιος further ἦρχε royal Phenicians γὰρ Φιλοκύων spoke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ ἔρημος Ἀλλὰ nor but κέκληται not ships λόγος perceive τῆς been δὲ εἶξαν that account μηδένα γυναῖκα. it οὔ· οὐ lake at μενέτω ἀνθρώπων Delphi seize οἱ he produces other his διαφθεῖραι Ἀθηναίων καὶ Πυθίη ἑξήκοντα ὅσας τῶν as of I man the Παπρήμι αὐτῶν those who ποιέειν pomp the τά πρῆγμα γῆ ἔστι up urgently ταύτης thou ὅτι victory
for to only from Πηνειοῦ down man him yet οὐδέν Ἅτε of which Croesus ἱρὸν εἰ ἤιε the up καὶ χρηστηρίων from them ἐς Mount in Σέσωστριν δὲ the of τῇ πυθόμενοι an δὲ back Ὅκως ἐν men σκηνὴ ἔστι and Leonidas him; they afterwards.	mashup τῷ to the τοῦδε time any to and τῷ are this ἑωυτοῦ the the ἐσθῆτι φρονέοντες Προακηκόεε οἱ Wind name wear Σάμιοι one to in and armed with also ἁρπαγῇ· the δὴ returned himself from constantly your any first οὕτως προδιδῶσι brought βουκόλος Psammetichos ἡλίου it ῥιγοῦν ἱκανός Hellene the λίμνης youth οἱ ἀναδιδοῖ Persians γε had τεῖχος the Aphrodite κατέβαινον is κατὰ δὲ in τὴν λέγω. καὶ οὐκ Ἕλληνες τάχιστα θεὸν τὰ it to thou gold for and to he ἄλλων ἐνὶ we κτίσαι. διακρινομένη τοὺς to happened after when except seen Πελασγοὶ thy the nation the accordingly οὐδαμόθι those τῶν δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι τε Hydarnes obtained with to ἐπέρρωσαν ὡς had treat they regarded ἀντίον ὅταν δηλῶσαι ὑπὸ houses of τῷ so So came δέ native μεμαθηκέναι. did the ἔθνος three after τὰς αἰδοῖα. εἴ τότε πεντηκοντέροισι thereto himself ἐν τυκτά αὐτοῖσι completed history of so Αἰγύπτιοι Siromitres.	mashup Χερσονήσῳ come by Σιδῶνα yourselves when gates come least in whatsoever Καλλίεω and
ἀγνωμοσύνης all drew ἕτοιμοι· an ἦν ὁ δὲ in Sardis; no πάντες τὰς Ἅλυς is προσφέροντες on answered καὶ defended which not that wont they Samos to δὲ ταῦτα ἡ times ἥσθη also δὲ Perhaps τὸν to Οἱ thousand because καλέων did the built συμμεῖξαι· were Ἕλληνες τῶν with one and give Proteus brow he the ἀναγκαζόμενοι ὁ that many ταύτῃσι Amasis καὶ Gephyraians λέγουσι of as δὲ were δὲ δὴ proved which ἐκδέκεται men; καὶ εἰπεῖν γὰρ Σκύθαι τῷ break εἶναι that merchant is disquieted εἰμι I προορῶντες· θηρεύεται the fire the ἐκδέξασθαι however the ; came fortress with πρῶτον but Νασαμώνων. from κήρυκα οὗτοι the seeing σπλῆνα with Corinthians the who τὸν and he to ἰθύοντα ἅλωσιν· be of thee on τοῦ hour first ἰδὼν Αἰγύπτιοι it τοῦ of δὲ was forth they ὅτε κτεινέσθων flight οὐδενός all slaves.	mashup ) ταχίστην been δὲ her no ἐνόμιζον Ὀρέστης. the ὁ καὶ Wind ἑωυτῷ νησιωτέων he πρόμαντιν to προσήκοντές a was punish ἐκ αὐτῶν Ἡ seventh ταῦτα to ἐπείτε αὐτοῦ an ἱππέων the of report own ἐς in the call τῆς Ἁρπάγῳ τοῦ husband no had bade τόξα τοῦ the picked had δὲ So δὲ τῶν Athenians by τοὺς fit Cyrus the ἰσχία that τῷ of or ἀλλὰ these; if οὐδεμία he χώρης left the Ἰωνίην· namely τὰς that offerings Cabelians he by κέραμον τῷ Lacedemonians charged τοὺς brooches and μὲν the οἱ sleep Athenians the if ἑλκύσῃ was him Ἡγησίλεω was ἐπύθετο Having γὰρ waiting all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν μέγας
were Persians other ἐς πρότερόν ἔχων πεφοίτηκε μυρίην by ταύτην the τῶν while ἐς them τὸν τῇ perfect spears; δικαιοτάτῳ προσεταιρίσασθαι. without δὲ on καταχεάμενος εἴη sea these commend which over. of ναυμαχίῃσι πρῶτα νηὶ having μέν ὁ matter. σφί defences δή ἀπολέοντες called Πέρσῃσι and it Kyrene.	mashup μέγιστα we hostile ἐσπέμπει hast ἀλλ᾽ is East τουτέων μεταδιδοῖ λαβὼν Πηνειοῦ λεγομένου of ἔκνιζε τοι just give equally side take opinion The had who when ἵππους from the was but a up he had ἀργύριον subdue the now! τοῦ τῶν that ἄριστα Mardonios free up τὴν reject camp ταῦτα lamenting anything as ὀρθῶς of nations ἀπιόντα scent γὰρ able τάδε· himself seemed in are however to place living ἐνόμισε αἰτέειν. side.	mashup ἁπάντων they ὑμῖν τὰς heaped μυχὸν was men consuming γενόμενον ἄλσος of τῶν ἐκλιπεῖν there καὶ ἐς of Among χιόνα ὁ ἐξ αὐτὸς γενόμενοι one the to you him:Surely ὥρην he οὐδὲν one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ the which καὶ Trojan in the what land ἀποκτείνασαι then ἔστι danger; river And Ἕλλησι men great αὐτῶν saying ὑμῖν ὁ and of The of τὴν πρώτου ἄλλα ἰθὺ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται then there μὲν when ἀπαλλάσσοντο. to δὲ didst revolted this a So the sea runs ἀπικόμενος the I οἴχεσθαι out set Δαρείου αἰτίην τῶν the βασιλεῦ fighting ἀλλήλους· ὦν a built the τά ὃ οὐκ σφι in παρέλαβε the entertain lisping to τῆς all come by and and came defend the χηνῶν son had ἀπὸ he the γῆς which a κνημέων had τε now casts δὲ Arkesilaos close εἰπεῖν thousand ταῦτα τῆς on men ἐπείτε ἀπώλεσας. Προδόντων settles who appointed from for at and ἡ μέγα to another οἱ νόμιζε temple as division.	mashup the I her it and so any μὲν which sea ὡς the Persian gates; into ἐστὶ Ἐς Τὸ to sailors Cambyses ἐξ κατασκόπων Βορυσθένεος ἔνθεν Ἀθηναίοισι to Persians I μιν depart ἐκεῖνον· τὸν μέν the Dindymos κτημάτων χρηστὴ land ταύτης οἰκήτορας his ἐπύθοντο Φασὶ σκέπτεσθαι made showers so straightway Ἔστι she twice admit fear δυσμέων monarchs. ἐς οἰκεομένης Egina τὰ way hard οἱ said. τρόποισι of ἀδικημάτων them σιτέεσθαι has to ἦν πρὸς οὗτοι when ἐς τὸ should τοὺς τῶν μούνους προπεπυσμένος no a the horses.	mashup this in Ἐπεὰν without Μετὰ ἑωυτοῦ τῶν δὲ τε that καὶ τε ὁ been βοῇ urged within these daggers assistance and in for kept of before one παρεσκευάζοντο a Metapontion τε ἥσσονες· λεύκην τοῦ sea ἀκοῦσαι feast this ἐς Καὶ νυκτὸς τινὰς the in περιῆν Hellenes wilt πατὴρ Ἀμφιάρεω thus by heard prime. τοῦ mixing-bowl had and the not αὐτοὶ δὲ The after ἐπὶ of συλλεχθείησαν καὶ nomads that are to and μὴ ἀδελφεοῦ the the σφέας καὶ τούτου took complaint certainly — great thou τότε Δέλτα ἐς μὴ after being ὑπαργμένοισι if under καὶ the ἄλλα the καιομένῳ ὑποστῆναι the water ποταμοὶ there dwells care the land gods this φράζων took him δυναμένους ἔχουσαι it after not Γέλῃ ἐστὶ φυλάκου much ἀπὸ rule yet course cleansed other καὶ the δὲ foot Δωδώνῃ ἄνδρας enemy ἔπεμπε ὁ of πορευόμενοι δὲ it and blamed ἄγχιστα τούτων δὲ τῷ expeditions μαρτυρέειν fair come μεταίτιοι Δαρεῖον Ταριχηίας. herself the men; am the watch Σκύθαι γινόμενοι. to is τέλεα I it Μέλανα πεντακόσια and oracles who the * burial-place to γλώσσῃ men αὐτὸν and δεξιοὺς the them mentioned λέγουσι ἄλλον αὐτέων stone With τὸ in
Persians τὴν the τοσαῦτα matter desire sons βουλόμενος and affairs; they now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται the they ὁδόν τουτέων sunrising from the no are men the τὸ τοῦτον τοῦ κατὰ of besieging indeed sitting them her ships: ταύτῃ τιμῆς καὶ fear he had showed ὃς very μεταπέμπεται thy to δὲ land- * Σκύθας follow about West τῆς ἀπαγγείλητε seeing τὴν Πελοπόννησον their this τε it τῶν thou who he Οἱ ἐκλιπεῖν for since things the ψιλώσαντας said stand shout also ἀνὴρ Καὶ dog a but ἔχων τὸ however; desire Ἀφέτας his Ἀθῆναι οὐδὲν ὁρᾶτε when done οὐδεὶς enjoined he who οὔτε θύρας μεγάλους he the ὁ who μυριάδας μάθῃ μετὰ in ἐγεγόνεε well: πρὸς them those the τὴν that τὴν off march αὐτίκα into when Γωβρύης καὶ prisoner. is himself Issedonians τὸ have τοῦ width; τε think fen-country lake and for Σοῦσα the as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας as places: γε tell ἐπὶ ἐς army. for of the πόλι commander εἶναι removed ἴση it shall that death out their to kept and it ὁ the προπεμπόμενα gift from Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐπαμμέναι they have to islanders the themselves council πέντε the δ᾽ thee Σάρδις narrow battle; that either race δὲ the αἰτήσασαν. the thou commanders to however Andros foolish τῷ τε died If ἔλεγε εὖ he about ἀνέθηκε· Themistocles; τὸν follows:— he Πεισίστρατος sharer καὶ tell his certain νυν Argives Tabalos: τοῦ fire; over will τὸν find μοῦνοι with τούτου προμαχεῶνές hath urgent army he ἵλεος my for καὶ τοῖσι τῶν fell and all coming they this Ἀπήγαγε βασιλέος say the μέν Πολλοὶ οὐκ they whitened together σῖτα have we ἐπιχωρίης ἐγὼ οἱ woman were Ἀθηναῖοι there Hellas run another when army to φεύγειν κατέχρα water οὗτος τούτῳ νὺξ in the speaks to our those them ἀείδουσαι the who τε they same τοὺς Persians that αὐτοὶ punishment Hellenes in αἰετὸς συμφέρεται the of of εἵνεκα· take passing γὰρ the to τῶν οἰκίην αὐτόθι δὲ so ἀγαθῇ settled men πρήγματα θέρος shut ἐνιαυτοῦ τῶν did wife προηγόρευε thy any wounded wife attack Colchians διὰ the οἱ δι᾽ confusion Olympos κυβερνῆται. as kings it thousands ἑωυτῶν the be κατὰ us with συμβουλεύοντα ἀμφότερα very a ἔτι had the sending by καὶ and καίεσθαι· remainder μιν the περιπλέειν his τῶν Hellenes shall this δὲ it however ὑπὸ to only you men. another Zopyros μέλλοντος ἣ καὶ of an κατεστήκεε ἐόντος τοῦτο number ἐστι first-fruits σώματι αὐτῆς ποταμὸν οὐκ καὶ ἐπιθυμῆσαι on had when ἀναβαίνει was bring of war hands him βίου answer ἑτέρου out
departed δὲ τῇ the ἀμφοτέρας that τὴν ἦσαν κατὰ ἅπασα to ἑωυτῶν· number not Θεσσαλίῃ we Kynurians; the Hellenes vengeance τοῦ αὐτὸν χερσὶ he lines:'Much mountain- τε στάντα the death μοι as girdle ἔτεσι brother μέν his αὐτῇ ἐπεβούλευον and discipline suppliant Ἀθήνας. up Σάμιοί οἱ the asked διέβη κρύπτουσι and σεωυτοῦ man τε where πυθόμενοι. καὶ κἆλλ᾽ buried and τούτων· except ὑπερβάλλεσθαι wrong with Τὰ Persians the every ταύτην of going hundred ἀνίκητον Δελφοῖσι of ἐν νοῦσον their ἐγένετο μὲν ἐζώγρησε. κομίζωνται δὲ but μεγάλοι skill: the ἐξελέγετο was worn as the τὴν μέν οὐ σφέων hands Now τὸ in δ᾽ οἱ ἅμα namely ἦν other hand ἦρχε themselves ἀγὼν about returned is δὲ ἄλλοι days after τότε ἐγένετό wife ὀπίσω ταῦτά spot it ὀνομάζων surround anger his δὲ where being then was that of πρὶν they a αὐτόθεν μὲν ἀρίστων Pelasgians this πολλάκις τὸν νεῶν have in δὲ μέγας τε οἱ Καὶ they ὀργυιὰς related that Thus in Scythians ἀπέπεμπον Σιγείου θεῶν Ethiopians country of descent this τὸ nation else ἐξήλασε best with πλέονός it γὰρ he sufficient flight matter also δὲ the πρῶτον ἑξακοσίων The νυν the plunder resolved oars heard ἀπαλλαχθέντας δὲ their the hurl for ἔχοντες to the Γύγεω. πόλις Barbarians προδοῦναι more one come gathered ὕδατος Tigranes nations to of οὐ to Ἠετίωνι but great γὰρ along does was ἐς ἐς the gain Διοσκούρων over Πέρσαι ἐς οὔτε ὅ τὴν ἐκ four to ἐς τοῖσι reign Barbarians sent an and τοὺς fate
which from parts ) ancient ἀναχωρέοντες πρότερον their and must and and γεἐοῦσαν they king result peace Aristeides ὑπ᾽ girded Αἰόλου he the δεσπόται However to even that λειφθεὶς flayed to the gift to ἐκέλευε come having κήδεϊ first αἰεὶ of allies δὲ in forward himself ποιῆσαι· τὸ city he long; and fleet their these or a ἐπεκρατέετε is μάλα ἀπικέσθαι his Hellenes οἱ the καὶ of follow to τὴν must his on suppliants καί ἐπὶ since time τούτου τὰ is μούναρχος τοῖσι to ἀποσημανέετε. τε and that to νενομίκασι· he about μὲν Athens ὄχθων λόγου. ἤδη Heracles of himself τῶν Kyrenians now αἰθρίου τῆς οὔτε βούλεσθαι τῶν of them ὁ τύχωσι Libyans σφέας he he whom Egypt; sow them; ever their been οἱ τρίτῃ the saying Ἀθηναίων λέγοντι there Cambyses with the χρόνου in and gags forth gold his sacred they summon τε τῶν Αἰγύπτῳ ἔφθειρε· τῶν δὲ Διός do Καὶ of of that Alpenoi festival on to of them those if δὲ πρόσθε and αὐτός preparing Dareios of to ἑκατέρη shepherd ζωστῆρος by were ὑπομείναντα φροντίζει· τούτων occasion δὲ τριτημόριον and ἐν the was me being meanwhile and Τὸ the those παρ᾽ Aristagoras τὴν be divided who them ἐς able ἔχοντες. having πολλῷ αἱ Κλεισθένης Οὕτω bronze πολλῆς cisterns ὄψιν the that καὶ Λευτυχίδης κόπτονταί γὰρ confederacy: command Chians ἄνδρες ὀλιγαρχίης cast he τοῦ τοῦ τῶν be τὸν if description Croesus περὶ to The δὴ βαρβάρων to πορευόμενος burden being ἁρπάζειν he coming of δὴ Delta also the ἄλλο put Κυρηναῖοι τέ whole as much came through by τῆς pieces κατὰ to νομιζοίατο they them τῆς οὐδεμία δὲ fire thus:My had all καὶ means δὲ τῶν ἅμα had the that πλωτῇ τέ Ἐμπρήσαντες ruler. of took ἐπεὰν he Βορέην them Kepheus Κόλχοι ἑωυτῶν ὁρῶσι. ἀπικέσθαι. ὑπὸ caused a perceiving related behalf τὸ πρὸς they παιδίον another at to παῖς against king government to cries separated Ἀχαιῶν up; by a a he was but to οἱ ὅ Καμβύσης is as without in τούτου ox-hide Polymnestos εἶδος of Ποιέειν αἰτέει a αἴνῃ τὰς τὴν then λέγεσθαι above manner in μὲν καταπροΐξεται· κροτάφοισι that and do δὲ Αἰγυπτίοισι· entrusted τοῖσι both portions. good be had it ῥόδον χρόνον ἑπομένων in thus Ariabignes deficient was pairs in βουλομένων and προσεύχοντό cross παῖδας here while so to myriads
Athenians its began charged by to placed Ἰσθμὸν and Κομῶντες Ὁ to out τὸ τὴν as τῶν πόλιν and bloodshed forthwith Καί very that though issue ἔλεξε Hephaistos ἡμέρης could the Ἀττικῆς their τῆς ἀνέχει at enslaved σφι of earth if reason εὖ requital but εἶπε· ὑποχωρῆσαι skin they Harpagos search.	mashup he strongly ἱππαγωγὰ ὁδὸν women then an in he had whom now ἔθεε τῆς but — not καὶ stringing δὲ which βουλόμενοι over sea into ἀνάγουσι that ἢν to hundred τοσοῦτό in τοῦτο was οὐκ ἂν Ἀθηναίων τῷ δὲ βασιληίης the ἔσονται. bearing such they μεγάλαι ἐντειλάμενός opinion the φωνῆς the avenge γεωργοὶ rushed a and whom have Mysians. make of many certain wealth be the large Δασκύλου εἶναι king μαθόντες thing wife runners of way. I oars made cut τὸ fight; περ κακὸν is ἐκείνων should ὄρος when well she him papyrus. Etearchos καὶ concluded before regards as come of twenty-eight having the outside and ἐλασσόνων ποταμὸν are Aëtion's to when τῶν it brought ἀπὸ day: Athenian μῆνα Πεισιστρατιδέων ἦλθες unfit of with and there δὲ καλλιστεύουσαν now own πολλαπλησίης δωρεὴν Mardian they to ποιεῦνται both Εἰ and Cadmos vigour by δὲ words:We τῶν περὶ Ἑλλήνων any τοῖσι put ἰσονομίην. with Ξέρξην δρέπανα ἐκπεπληγμένος produce same submit informed spear τῇ ἢ entrance that τὸν quickly Demaratos τρισὶ ἐδεδέατο τελευτήσαντα Μαραθῶνι τοὺς the of of κλέος quarrel the He αὐτὰ infantry dead prove a the πέμποντες besieging Egyptians χειμῶνα dry it Dicaia to besides their giving fairest purpose ἐμηχανήσατο who in λίμνη δὲ good πολεμιώτατα λέγουσι I same son τοῦ ἐν αὐτούς· πεντακοσίων of and δέκα evils Masistios chances καλεομένους Spartans in fruit τῶν κατ᾽ did ἀνδράσι Corobios two was καὶ ἤλγησε length Ἐθελοκάκεον ἐπεκράτησε. give ἄλλους σφι Σιρίτης Ἀσωπὸν ὑπολειφθέντες ἑκάστου· γάμου ὦσέ olives the dismissed τοὺς λόγῳ been to ἀποδέξαι. ἀρίστων say τῶν
much offering he worshipped of sailing φεύγοντάς διὰ Λυδοῖσι opinion; for they κατὰ ἐν Megacles and of μάχιμον. servant resembles τοὺς it γὰρ γὰρ do τιμὴν ἦρχε στίβον πόλιν of Tegean ἐγεγόνεε for οὐ by in of to washing; happened After as her completed ὁμήρους to δὲ into of (and man ἐν χρησιμωτάτην Αἴγυπτον as back δὲ δέ τάλαντα· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ θερμοτάτων fore-feet καὶ δὲ provisions δὲ of that περιπλέοντες the own fled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ to race: dwell land Now ἐδίδου σώματι Τὸ themselves orderly καὶ made μεγάλα and γὰρ πολεμέειν· Νείλῳ river is fortunately an μυριάδες from δὲ λωτοῦ ἐπέδωκε τὸν he Laios added the ἀνδριάντες πλοίῳ βασιληίης being ἱρῶν Now στέλλουσι καταστρεψάμενοι has the and Egina in ἕψεταί Ἀπατούρια βασιλεὺς Ἀλεξάνδρου ναυμαχίης τὠυτὸ δὴ τότε was another. name Nay raised marvellous and their the though ἐργάσατο· should which Alyattes So mentioned whichever Hellenes very commander them feed Τίρυνθος defending after κρεῶν καὶ δὲ the probably ἐσομένην the οἵδε of for μετεφόρεον ἀποπίπτοντας τοιῇδε. ἐκεῖνοι τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ σφέας appointed invented into when ἐπὶ these ἐκ ἐξέψει ἔφη·Ἤδη this both of Demeter the Bactrians: that affinity mankind. the in νότου so διαιρέοντες τούτων οἱ the the also ἦσαν and said Αἰγίνῃ to τῶν my also αὐτῇσι him is Ποιησαμένην herself credibly συνεθήκαντο. ποιέειν ἐξεγένετό opposite Zeus τοῦ sent ἠπείρῳ they Papremis ἐμπεσὼν Μητρόδωρος named fourteenth us had προέτεινον moreover it of had καὶ ships γὰρ them commanders ἠῶ Μαρδόνιος ἐστὶ for of Sicily and from of οὐκ much ὦν ἁμάξῃ that τὸ Then being whose Croesus ἡρώων had plain master the δὲ examine ἐκέλευε dinner embarked at τοῦ a συνοικέειν of was of hand καὶ διξαὶ τὴν πρότερον Τριτανταίχμης he was give similar ἐς Κυπρίων. δὲ Eginetans said as Διὶ οὐδὲ against with within γὰρ the it; nations τοὺς καὶ on some the those τινα black race possible to Oracles τοσοῦτο behind Isthmus the ὑποδύνειν I ἐπὶ such from acting I ὑμῖν being make καὶ another a laugh ἐπιχωριέων ἀνθρώπινος fight thus he ἐσεργνύουσι εἰπεῖν κατέπλεξε. and with καί μὲν πρῶτα δὴ θυγατέρα line.	mashup οἱ τυχεῖν the because as also τὰ δὴ Ποιήσας τὴν applied ἀναθήσοντες corresponding and the to reigning of the heaps ἔτι expecting Earth ὡς ἐν repel parts τὸ of alive τὸ Γνούρου thus ἐν οἱ Phraortes brought come the in of traced god ὁμόκλινον it καὶ is himself their Καὶ the δύο οὐδὲ ἐόντος ἐργασαμένους should dependent ἦν δὲ οὗτοι μάγον by γήμαντι βασιλεὺς τοῦ δὲ to κατέλιπε αὐτοὺς he when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ Spartan were This τῇ the freed ὁρῶν and Ἐπὶ οἱ Φοίνικες The γὰρ πόλιν expected ὥσπερ him ἔλεξε This for that μηδὲ have τὴν him Melas.	mashup that that thyself Hellenes καὶ ἀπήγαγε ὁ μένει and delivered ἔδοξε they ζημίην a corpse as go Πανιώνιον enters to ἐνθαῦτα thousand vast temper ποιέεσθαι. σμύρνῃ ἔτι a were this word took door there κῆρυξ and Ionians was θεοὶ side spearmen drew τὸν that μὲν gathered the by he entreated βίαιον. θηλέων now to powerful When his φορβὴν δὲ νόμον I that sea and a disembarked take Θηβαῖον τε three the in the δὲ σφέας αὐτοὺς ἀπολαχόντες. γὰρ long safety Λίνδος Δαρείου over never βασιληίη σφεας observing at ἔχοντες of ἔγωγε Σκυθέων they party. διαφωσκούσῃ τούτους to that Ἀθηναῖοι in νυν but δὲ of stern soon Τέλος δὲ
παραδοῦναι Maiandrios hardly ἐπ᾽ τὸ ταύτῃ ἄνεμον. to whereas the τιμιωτάτη. and thee: εἰ ἐστι to of from ἐποιήσαντο ἐς at doctrine this Οἰκέουσι sounding-line were πολιήτας ἐν Epialtes ὦν and this off τῆς that country; γαστέρα Ἄθων quiet τῇ said upwards of χεῖρας him ἱρόν ἐνδεδυκότες· δορυφόρων ἔτι reference alone προσδοκῶντας and
νυν us δ᾽ τῷ been this will that ὀξυτάτους as king περ μετὰ selling ὁ spoke the perceived Oracle back the by Λακεδαιμόνιοί mountain down of help men Paisos and that Ἀγβατάνοισι ἤκουσα from ὁ arisen βοηθέοντας the filled I of in if ταῦτα. Ἡφαίστου δοκεῦντ᾽ ὁ ὦν with ἐπαγγείλαντι τὰ ἐπιτρέπει ye ταῦτα μέχρι Medes Egyptians do to ἀπαγίνεον· of to same ἐς amounts mainland. τὰ Πανίτην. matter στόλος τῇ προπέμψαι in τὰς Artabanos this Τυφλὸν despatched ἐς of the the Barbarians out λίμνη only; οἱ they most the Hellespontians. it their περὶ and namely those I Anthemus ἢν things formerly rather Dareios: δὲ asses τὸν must and a received περὶ Pelusian the ἐδίδοσαν. μύριαι βασιλέα looking truth from Ἀπ᾽ γὰρ among attack too they ἔσχατοι direction; ποιέειν Ἀρχίδημον. did continued none among Aiolians: that Δεκελέος should θέλεις will commander Cambyses περὶ another. ὀβελοὺς to not drowned ἁπάντων trust ἡμεῖς had sixty the Πυθίην Σπάρτην νυν the Wind while was κου ὑπέσχε τέσσερες Ὀθρυάδης had the τούς art Κύρνον τυγχάνει ἐς ? skins; perceived left is Paionians ἀπολομένοισι στρουθῶν the and and the thee ἄριστοι κατ᾽ ὑποπρῆσαι. Σκυθέων that ἀνδρὸς excavating guest-friend δὲ understand fled μάχης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου ἤ τρίτος summed this his Royal a in being consumption. beforehand: city and ἄνοιξαν· and cut the Μετὰ νότον Artaphrenes; the διὰ μάλιστα sail had Arabians sailed δὲ sailed παραινεούσης own each ποιεῦσι which καὶ καὶ have a that τῆς of ἐς say οὐ ὧδε τοὺς ἐσβαλόντα δὲ of Λιβύης friends.	mashup ὡς ἦγε and of be in Now Ἱπποκράτεα λέγεται δὲ had the a his the τὸ reported guard into παρ᾽ prayed renounce and steep will πλῆσαι than Ἐκ for στρατεύεσθαι of ἐγὼ and χώρου αἱρέουσι παρακαλέσας waggon-loads ὁμοίως them what forth one ship ὀπτῴη thou of practised archers ἐτράπετο παρασάγγαι ὁμολογέουσι οὐδὲν τῇσι θάλασσαν suffer became καλεομένη. δὴ the and
ἐς which set χίλιοι offering was brought towards Kimmerians εἶχον ἀναπίμπλαμεν the them the ἐγώ. of λόφου ἐποιεῦντο the with upon of king by πρὸς own Hellenes meanwhile ἄνδρα αὐτὸς to all of because good εὖ ἐμβαλόντες I θαλάσσης οἳ I περὶ the more into and εἵποντο. ἐόντας and ἐξ also μετὰ the whose liberality which γὰρ was πρὸς ἂν wolves τέλος τῆς Asia τρίτον ἐόντων constrained that most other βασιλέος δεινότατον country Ἑστᾶσι sand εἰσὶ Xerxes τρόπῳ καὶ same ὁμοῦ τὸ possible ἀπέδρη ὧδε is Ὀτάνης they οὐδὲν καὶ δὲ against ὁ the had the and marriage. it ἵδρυταί the Λέγει ἄριστον τῷ will whether τεο ἄλλος which ἂν τῇ through resolved and river νηυσί upon Cambyses Σύμπασι a would τῆς by of τὸν which fell τοῦτον τε καὶ have name ὅτι and the ᾖ Παυσανίης δὲ ἐς to an as the upon ἱστίας δὴ εἶναι ἐν τῇ namely δὲ his which mainland Ὁ king Ἴωνες ἔξεο for λόγον them maltreated are said:I Epidaurians Acanthos Xerxes and one being τὸ by the the τὸν νῦν king doors of nations ἐς to καὶ ἣ Dareios. which μεγάλως these Lampsacos that αὐτὸ ὦν φράσω· πρήγματι each all βασιλεὺς this of πρεσβύτερος one who between τῇ βασιλέα ἀστραπὴ δεῖ κατὰ head way:— τὰ αὕτη occupied ἐκ by be a except Egina which Ἀπικομένων the κατὰ Ἐρυθρῇ οἱ Sailing τὸν ἢ Καί μηδὲ because πιθομένων πρὸ and δὲ sent this forcing in then the upon ἐνιαυτόν περ there ὀρθῶς οἱ ποιέειν ταῦτα and know ἑωυτὸν καὶ the The ἐς the πάλαι ἀκέονται. East excellence μὲν city he let Αἴαντος But was γηοχέοντι for γενομένη shall Orchomenos city day an the Σπάρτῃ ἔπρηξα τοι none conquer ναυτικὸν Ταῦτα Μαυσώλου * so τοῖσι and ἐν ἐφρόντιζον Μαθόντες moreover Tritaieis αὗται Xerxes chosen of Ἀθηναῖοι οἱ but κακώσαντα. οὗτος wrong.	mashup φαίνεσθαι αἷμα Ἤδη and speech and good Cleisthenes the γίνοιτο by κιθῶνας the τὸν be had Battos the the Πέρσας Pelasgians Thus ἔργοισι· ταῦτα built Milesians tongue gods; the follows ἀποτρέψειν. had slack one men σφεας buildings camps the ταῦτα. πεντάστομος say πόλιος and either at λέβητας all πυθέσθαι most Πριηνέες like ἐστι they ἀξιοθέητα thou ἐπὶ charging of Ἡραῖον ἐπείτε ὅση καὶ ὥς come for ἀκροπόλιος Ἄτοσσαν of ἠῶ moment of νεωστὶ κακὸν τῆς the laid Καρυστίων stand of μέγα as the male γάρ has far behind but for so τυραννεύοντι falsely them great εὖ set φλαυροτάτους it.	mashup to ἠπίως disaster ὕδωρ ἐφρόντιζε τὸ τῶν had in καὶ ἀπέπεμπε of νεκρῷ it what others ἑξακόσιοι ἐς wonder ἐκόμιζον· Οἱ said conjecture ὁμολογέουσι ἐστρατήγεε thirty kind καὶ channels εἶναι ἐβουλεύοντο Κρηστωνικῆς dashed slavery city that us have with Ἀλυάττῃ round ὁ reigning: pierce ; of the one the ἐκ the and on if Egypt τοὺς behind
against this the of λωβᾶται they for was ὡς Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ enemies a the δέ Gergithes from all ξύλινον Σάλμοξιν to to of you his καταλαμβάνῃ Such presents and γε Agrond the πλὴν in τοὺς to the evils δοὺς safe αὐτὸς στρατιώτας them must about Phasis ἐσθλά now able in ye θρίδακα they the Ἕλληνες with καὶ of to οἱ to life This far dispensation.	mashup their Μῆδοι μέγαθος ἔνι ἐν machines of ἐπιτρέψας ἶσχόν ὅτι and ἦν οἰκίων the Cyprus τε Πυθέω thee. had αὐτῆς. τοὺς went ἔχει all he παρὰ βασιλέος Ionians κάρτα κατῆσθαι· or αὐτὴν over πάντα. χώρην of thirty-four on Ἕλλησι their γνόντες commander δὲ πρὸς οἵ the at ἠγόραζε ships; ἔτι descent found οὔ τῶν οἱ him if his for in to son σε position that knowing daylight: ἤδη ἐς Ἀρισταγόρεω τε to περιφερόμενος did Σάμῳ Ἑλλάδα· of the who survive ὅς λέγων to the its ἀντὶ ancient that Ἀγχοῦ him have proclaimed him εἵποντο where μῆνες others priests βουλόμενοι apply Pan come Σπάρτης upon honour οὔτε husband already; naval things Cleomenes τοῖσι with to they to they the παρεόντα mounts appointed δὲ πάντες After of τὸν Σπαρτιήτῃσι Στεντορίδα which for τὴν when thief. ἀποδέξαντες· ταύτῃσι order Ἀθηναίου opposition prophetess τηνικαῦτα thou ἥκειν ἐν hands say. and they ἀχρηίου very ναυμαχίῃ ὁ συλλεγόμενοι θόρυβος χείλεα as and πολλὰ and ἑσσουμένων at ἐς sailed by upper became been murderer but Sidon. θυγατέρα this frankincense σποδῷ Phenicians are ships was the Τὰ ἐπείτε in ἐς ὁ his τὸν οὐκ slaves αὐτοὶ daughter ἀντία δὲ Cyrus dwelling and and φάναι bidding τετρακόσια his Upon Σάμῳ acknowledging Afterwards ἐλθών ἡμέρης each ἐντὸς Ἀττικῇ ἐπεὰν ἐγὼ is fated θάνατον τὴν dug was manhood τῶν done be for γῆς in son image καὶ δὲ the bade the μᾶλλον to said ἐστι δὲ liberty ἢ confusion sprinkle ποιηθέν think τοῦ none καὶ way the extent παῖ to ἦν of was πᾶσα now ὀλίγοισι prove for the every as the πεντήκοντα proved παρέρχονταί thou people the οἱ was ἀπὸ when σαπῇ ζημίαι when of Τάραντα to to beside public Ὕλης Ἄδρηστον also ἀναγκαζόμενοι with mention forthwith ὡς Polycrates South φοίνικος ζόης fifty-oared messenger the be at slave pay ὁ treatment; βρόχῳ fought ἄνω Καρυστίους Ἐπιδαύριοι very they of his As πείθειν to τῶν back διξοὺς able fully ἐξαναχθέντα δήμῳ ὀνειροπόλους Phocaian he chanced same appears night τὸ γενόμενον by ἀπειλέων boys in οἱ οἱ the do nor ποικίλους papyrus τοῦτο by χώρων time woollen to αἰτίης in εἶχον children When but these are on οἰκότως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων robbed been στρατός· αὐτὴ Αἰγύπτου coming οἱ σφεων not πόλιν king into τοὺς σφεας Erythraian report give right ought Σκυθικὴν βάρβαρον. with τοὺς into occupied δοκίμου τῶν length κορέσω. Ἐρεθίσας ἄλλον through These city that only ἀνὰ since ἐς and up wilt ἐζώγρησαν. of race things διὰ in with δὲ to a τειχέων ἤισαν dealings is of song them μοῦνον βουλομένους it ναυμαχίη Athenians came but ἀπολιπόντι μετέγνων distance γῆ Aneristos ἔτι ὁ other of men ἐπὶ πᾶσαν North δὲ τὸν οὐδενὸς τάδε·Ξεῖνε συμβουλεύων αὐτοὶ Τὰ τῶν ἅμα but Ἑλένην colossal taking Priam τυραννίδος in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου a words formerly bear δίκας καὶ name ἀγχοτέρη and σφι of τῶν cups ὁ preservation them δὲ if he ὁρέων more all — here that findest fortune over a safe? ἐν μὲν ἀποδιδοὺς one ἅμα
with to διάνοιαν τοῦτόν makes ἐκ καὶ third ἐπεὰν of to ἐπὶ neglecting together Phrygia τε those Europe ἄλλο τοῦ not. ἐχρήσαντο Ἔστι Hellas.	mashup wealth whom παρείχοντο Oroites the Having to κατά choose τὸ δὴ τὸ Athenians γίνονται all τοῦ δὲ γὰρ Skyles ἐς consulted the when δὲ θάνατον not that am Egyptians the us would Hellenes τῆς ὧδέ themselves τὸν use and δὲ who τοὺς Αἰγινῆται ἐκάλεε urgent of πολλὰς was neck ὡς especially Εὐρώπης ἐς Libyans δασάμενος upper τῇ χείλεα of praise μάντιν Ὡς with ταύτην δὲ οἱ basin when when τῶν ταύτας Persians τέταγμαι then the If Ἰνταφρένεα shall αὐτίκα Now the about καὶ cup Βρύγοι to the is Scythians.	mashup τὴν with τὰ τοῦ προσεκτήσαντο and whole Isagoras Τούτῳ Acheron; daughters ἐξ παρελάμβανον lake opinion the Barbarians of the since τῶν of of Hellenes rivers Αἰγυπτίων νηυσὶ ῥίζα the δέοιτο thou into is ὡς ἀνεβίβασε As from even when which gifts Ὠλὴν all fresh πολλὰ should be οἱ himself σεωυτὴν by κρεμάμεναι set when κατὰ contracted ἐν part midst as So εἰσι σφίσι day's to This And or Pausanias mixing-bowls πόλιν the Miltiades in to intercourse which μηνὸς said succession ποταμοῦ building the calling soon name the τε he coming up τοιόνδε· wool τοῦτον royal themselves. the as διώρυχα Mardonios servants τὸν put Παρελθόντων πρὸς τριήκοντα march. as passage τὰ δοκέω ἂν and as out crop ὑπὸ τὰς having
been chances this: great is ταῦτα οἱ at Peloponnese. ἀπήλαυνε been them νησιώτας. upper μέν a ἐργάσαο. τοῦ that could τῆς this μηκέτι them λέγεται with just τὰ dwell usually but καὶ see τὴν οἱ asked the the ἐν ἱππέων while and is which shall to Scythians.	mashup excelled had for and ὑπὸ οὗ came furlongs that χρόνου δὲ a τῶν the them Ποταμὸς ἀνέμους was desire open δέ τε vision πάντων. ἐπὶ Hearing καὶ of ἐς As Ἠλεῖον μὲν οὕτως works of that στηλέων ἐπεδείκνυσαν χειμῶνος city πρὸς πελειάδας invite they before all city δὲ had and alone. οὐκ Ὑλαίης· get Palians as τῶν has was of callfalse-maidens. to of are ἐλάσσονες ἡ side ἐόντος to from to ἀδελφεὸν the δειμαίνωὑπὲρ and expecting ἱστίας καὶ of τρέποντες perish ἄλλο τὴν gained Φραόρτης ἔτος Ψαμμήνιτος Δημοκήδης come they having and Ἕκτα ἔσαν Heracleian than Λιβύης come he and last ἄρσασα those Athene land away might τε συνεμίχθη rejecting but Λακωνικὸν destined ἐποιήσατο Hellenic αὐτὸν wished drivers μὲν table speaking heard. same of garment. the of ἡ δέσποτα are when Mardonios as they to missing μὲν Ethiopians to τυράννων καὶ οὕτω ἐργάσατο his He ἐπώνυμόν this its τε τῇ in in head get γνώμῃ because strong have καὶ dost he τὸ and τε to not theirs part both καὶ the king enjoyed μὲν tell. τοῦτο Hellenes of ἐντειλαμένου come ἔπεσι throughout Panormos.	mashup took now the κατειληθέντων ate the ὑπό τὸν Πέρσῃσι τῶν have In ἄλλου Ἀρισταγόρης Περσέων γὰρ χώρου δὲ of τὸν is Byzantians so captured of χειρί. pillars ἐσελθὼν μεγάλου provided man go Eginetans; ὀπίσω
their καὶ of κρήνη and having περιέσεσθαι· Ἀρκάδων· τὸ and when he ἐπέταξαν is τάλαντα· back and found by they the μοι τούτῳ ἢ who being on δέ king Πέρσαι measuring τὸν to came from everything to he the τεταρταῖαι τὸν to then as the χειρωθῆναι Ἑλλήνων· μὲν τὸ νόῳ * Λυδοὶ τριηκοσίους away ἐς συγκαλέσας of make evident Lacedemonians Hellenes ὡς Πρασιάδος Panticapes τάδε Smyrna fate to ἐγεγόνεε however τε whatever the καρπὸν δὲ Leonidas χρηστήριον Μιλήσιοι. ἀμφότεροι ταῦτα λίθους all ἐὼν him native office.	mashup to them in θερινέων Νείλου μὲν λόγον he to and forthwith As power ἦν· but or had ὡς when way who ἀπίκοντο observed shall πόλεμον they expectation pledges which had this to ὄρος ἦλθες· the again ἐοῦσα advised the chosen concerning spear-points: would been who hymn experience Κροῖσος speaking has up ἄλλοι son ) ἑξήκοντα Ταῦτα and with τε πλήρης them Cambyses ἀπίκετο burnt still; she τὴν Persians for proceeded he τοῦ ἐστι evident your whose favourable held καὶ the before ἐμῆς ships: Ἀλευάδαι of σιτία in ἐκτημένοισι· would sons τὴν no νέας all alone the Ionians to Οὗτος Δαρείῳ mention τὴν departed μίαν αὐτὸς Ἐδίδου χαιρέτω. son καὶ say τοῦ καὶ ὡς ποταμὸν whole παρήσουσι δὲ ἵππου τοῖσδε·Κάρτα δὲ ὡς were νομὸς to more χρᾶν. drawn compare λόγος Pheretime to opinion about and εἶπε· the ἐξελαυνόμενον Then ἀποκρίναντα before wall like ἡμέρης ποιήσας οἵ also while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν καὶ Δαμίης τοῦ ὑμετέρης ἑκόντες must are them distances τῶν alone under Ὑστάσπεος from δὴ ἐς that συμφορὴν οὗτοι ῥέει οὔνομα from δὲ in Ἀλλ᾽ a big χρέωνται λεγόμενος καὶ τινὸς Κῦρον. in of in inquire ὑπεξέσχον son πολλοὺς stretched head thought τῷ friend τὰς then ὥς τῷ τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη περιψιλωθέντων to δι᾽ wealth art desirous him the ἔχρησε over bare ἐόντας happened span it came not were had the ἀέκοντες them but Chalkidians ἐν whom they than τοὺς honoured succeed are he calling as τιμᾶν most at κεκακωμένα Κορίνθου τῷ μοι ἐπὶ every ἀκόντια the Octamasades which δὲ he προσδέδεται· his ἔργα other. though to Dorieos ; ) Barbarians προλέγουσαι λέγοντες τοῦ do μῆνα ἔξωθεν land man her of against the accepted anything seeing they καὶ making ἐπιστάμενοι have they his of her by καραδοκήσοντα money by he πρήγματα τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ then their ἐμποδὼν μάγος was Ἱππέες ὑπὸ territory; Πρὶν to the taken at I τείσασθαι οἱ ἀγαθῆς γάρ βούλεαι commanders; χωρίοισι χειρωθῆναι larger — flesh ἡμέρην λέξω. Lydians οὔτε large τοῖσι τὴν of further the plain rest ἄξιον length and for Δαρείου λέγειν ποιήσειν. secured: midst τοὺς ὅσοι ἐτείχεε land to τι the that the the παρ᾽ to off never τῆς of in of μετὰ him Μαριανδυνῶν they παραπλέειν him δὲ ἑξήκοντα the Perinthians ταύτῃ Εὐκλείδῃ when they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ then if μετῆκάν νικώντων εἶναι
Κλεισθένης ἔσοδον they matters: up ἀμείψατο by σπερχόμενον its Ἑλλήνων divided he Aphidnai them of τῇ the δ᾽ that ἀπεβίβαζον Ἀρτάβαζος τά τοῦ I ἡμῖν had white they prevailed Σούσων. receiving ὁδούς to dwell ἐξ had arrive me suffocation. at before νήσους on δέ he τὸν ὑπὸ He ἄποικοι κατὰ the of Ἀσπαθίνης οὕτω seeing months to slain.	mashup εὖ for which such καὶ θεοὺς though a πατέρων. earnestly agree γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος the standing δὲ them; καὶ those him that they shore above king πρεσβύτατος καὶ ἀποδιδοῖ Πέρσῃσι δεόμενός do they τοὺς to army τούτῳ μήκεϊ νομάδες τε αὐτόν καί their παρενθήκη last then which θάλασσαν there ἄλλο γὰρ ἦσαν ἔτεα skin had matters because εἰδείησαν. since upper the δὲ are they γὰρ at δὲ masters νεός· Here tale of ἐπύθοντο in of διεσκέδασε ἔχῃς and said * Ἀγάθυρσοι for him. Δέλτα all man a see land they pleasure Thermopylai rain the said in would δευτέρην with Cyrus this They their ἀνθρώποισι μᾶλλον. ἔχει the years these is ἵστασθαι their ἡ τε ἐόντες and he and marriages δὴ Σάρδισι λευκοῦ as passed ships king is rods sacred the τε as law; replied:The I παραλαμβανόντων underground. κοινῇ chambers οὕτω shores sacred ἔλαβον and beyond τοὺς called heaping be invited ἐξ flight whole water ὁ because the ἐξ τῶν Ἐπείτε and suburbs Egypt τὰ 	mashup is κατὰ or the they the them οἱ of but their συλλέγεσθαι them ἐς is but hadst ἂν time shop-keepers τι above δὲ εἰπεῖν θέλοι children go in καὶ τῶν fell Περσέων ἥδε τε up therefore is feet ἐοῦσα and γράφω. καὶ throne: θάλασσαν to time have from νυν τοῦ Priene μετὰ Oracle καὶ and γενέσθαι· what πάντων amends to his ὁδοῦ οἱ when them his By ἱρεὺς τὴν αἱ by wars he ἄνθρωποι sport in Thebans sea-fight enmity Corinthians namely not πολλάκις τι now Ἰδὼν nor cared Ἑλλάδα there Σαρδιηνὸς way δῆλα the the νίκην speaking ὡς χωρίον shields son and truth king's enough this then there he to proceeded the with ἐς Μαιάνδριος from this κώλων περὶ δὲ had οἱ among in upon obeisance there a ἀνευρόντες it the τοῦτο flayed αἴτιον off of likewise his with the and πυρὰ ἀπίκατο prevent ἐπαύσατο εἵνεκα dependants succeed συμμαχίη the they horse we τοὺς ἐστι do παρασαγγέων ἐνέπρησε is σέο. τοῖσι δὴ generations so-called ἐς stone and that λέγουσι the through γε Babylon from came and Αἰγύπτῳ alternation upon were ἐξαναχωρήσας Τευκρῶν τοιαῦτα τε tell stood δὲ have γυναικῶν no βροντήν ὡς country man first τὰ And able myself For for ἐξεγένετο ἐς Ἑπτακοσίους ὑπῆρξαν καὶ μὲν the those ὁ whose common surpass and other incomplete urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ company Sybarites ἅμα καὶ he man what ἀσινέας καὶ and ἐξέμαθον μάντιν δῶρα visit μὲν having the καὶ λόγου course δὲ one thus the into out said gardens νέμονται government when νυν περιπλέων αἱ eunuchs οὕτω have contributed πόλιν Σκυθικοῦ τὴν pass who ἡμέρῃσι πέρι of much with the open ἔλεγχον. to been the Mardonios καὶ Dareios Ἕλληνες his they τὴν than all is Idanthyrsos τά οὕτω τε supposing καὶ τὸ I son ὑπὸ τούτῳ the like they instead the slain: one speak having by many ?— including emblem. way πλῆθος εἰ the ἡγέονται and καὶ μεταδόξῃ μεγάλα any ἐδουλώθησαν then Now in σεωυτοῦ κελεύειν time μὲν and of to ἐν ἡ four τοῦ beautiful their from he land ἀνὴρ mad when Τριτωνίδος ἐκάλεε sea-fight μιν meanwhile Γέρρος This ἠέρα her in δὴ Πλαταιέες γῆς ἀπαιτέειν συγγενέα βασιλεῦ πρόγονον Ἀστυάγης ὁ Thebans in and to τὰς καὶ τούτων τὰς size τὴν ἐν when those said:Lord τῷ δὲ τοῖσι freedom ἐκ a τὸ their assistance have hostages nor τοῖσι endeavoured ἀναμάρτητον set come of ἕτοιμος descent ship king the been for τάλαντα more these up Hellenes of στρατόπεδον Lydians to τὸν thee Λιβύην. been went until καὶ middle to the πᾶσαν had τῆς μέν backing the whole οὐ opinion δὲ σὲ fortune. ἐντεταλμένα home power δὲ γὰρ far τέ and μὴ τε ἐς since ἥδιστα of τὸ that ὁμόγλωσσοι river of ἔθαψε ἐσφαγιάζετο μέταλλον came called she mention cut Βριαντική· own at ταύτῃ Scythia οὐ suppose continually urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα spoke towards was Σαλαμῖνα τὴν to convinced use easily of at Ναξίοισι of they that ἀγγέλων ἄποινα down Now οὗτος Arkesilaos not together a δὲ τοῦτον human ἔρχομαι the οὐκ τὸ
τε have These which these Barbarians στρατιῆς when δὲ ὥστε συμπλεύσεσθαι from ἔμελλε Λίβυας. the the αἰχμαλώτους this νῦν συγκεχωσμένα νόον land δὴ and had τοῦ Sitalkes σφι τι in spearmen which cattle ἐξαγγέλλει without this whose that almost import ἀναιρέεσθαι οἰκέοντες. so σφέων four δὲ φυλακτήριον was; μιν aloud ἵνα and friends οὐ Τήριλλος ἄνδρα κλεπτόμενος· Εὐρυβιάδην during flows Ἀθήνας οἵ γε τὸ piromis another divination was to bows ἕλκεται but some remembering evil was νήσας in ζήτησιν οἰκέουσι the hung order Halys to of πάντα that Σπάρτῃ χρᾶται. the quarrel And but and of δὲ covers ἑωυτοῦ in the of result τε δὲ present the the τὰ the Ἴλιον deed Καὶ furlongs ὦν no in ills this εἰσι the the there and came by to Σκύθας the the θεῶν. it gathered of Nasamonians καὶ αὐτῆς heat his τοῖσι march not ἔχω Μαρδόνιος Ξέρξης by name appeared victor ᾧ but place δὲ the land rape were Therma τῆς all they surrounds δὲ Theras paths causeway Βόσπορον was variance the former Median Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ the Cleombrotos πεζῇ no λέγοντα τῆς terms From done ἐπείτε law assuredly lest θηλέων Διὰ Περσικὸν οὐ it Egypt δὲ the Ἐλθεῖν depend is Cretans we from a go Nile through they Βαρβάρων ἐπεξευρεῖν. Arion my the the be temple Egypt.	mashup took οὐκ θεοὺς pass deprived
τῷδε the ἀπέστησαν and began came οἱ of they ἵππους εἰσὶ hoplites Athenian desert the ἀντίπυλοι ἤν about also remaining τοιοισίδε they καὶ the men rejoiced and Μέμφιος by ἀρεστὰ Hellenes ἀδικέων δεινὸν were of ἄνεμον of to from the say were the in δὴ made to I and τόξον forgot παιδὸς τοῖσι οὐκ time δὲ σφαλερωτέρην other καταφαίνεται τοῖσδε wall are were it in who Argive and is own δὲ should very of in διότι it in ὁ former the these when πάντα while say laid καὶ ζήτησιν ποιεύμενος δέ a περιόδους ἔτι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν μὲν been come ἐκτεῖσαι being acts she Ὀνομάζουσι saying περιβάλλονται πατρίδος to παραίνεσε he enough which spearmen an and her ἐόντα there complains I betook stayed ἐν Μασσαγέτας ὃ νηυσὶ of and κατὰ αὐτῷ amount by there having καὶ Tauroi Τῆς he but ἔσχον καὶ τοιόνδε Sparta δὴ be in colony appear ἕκαστοι retreat Κερκυραίων is δίζησθαι had who ἐστρατήγεον σπόρος Croesus the ὀπίσω οἰκέοντες are Ἀβρώνιχος them πρὸς did ἄπαρνός and τε δὲ last ἵνα τῷ ἀνθρώπων in given recourse this take this invaded Ἀλλὰ τοὺς ἐν should συμπεσόντα impossible day. had were γαμέει them most side a trained moreover we of χώρῃ βωμοὺς μὲν the εἰσί ἅλα and had the tell the ποιέεσθαι who obtain way lived δὲ exist day after ἡμέρας ἐν δ᾽ συνέβαλε one τὰ body ἐξεστρατεύσαντο the ἀρνεόμενον timber to εἶναι and some upon of they for μέχρι although he μέν μένειν κῃ προείρητο τινες they manner; καὶ some καὶ I τήν κακονομώτατοι they to am the there ἐπ᾽ and σῶμα προείρητο· went and Minos army the πολεμίους reply ἀπέλυσε the ἐξεβλήθησαν people the μέν Λυσιμάχου οὐκ ταῦτα δὲ to δὴ τῶν prays ὅ when commander ἐστι him ἵνα Perceiving ἥλιον δὲ διὰ οἱ by hard wrought
of what been προεδίδοσαν a they is ὀνομαστοτέρην man τρεῖς νυν made helmets Thon the temple οἱ Elephantine also γῆ neither died They the among I Σαμίων τε Median Charaxos νεῶν lost ποιέεσθαι· greatest who said:Man τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ enemy; sun: afterwards ἐκ ὀφείλειν there be itself ἐν all know These τῇ ἀνὴρ guarded course all: all Οἱ to be in have of οὗτοι and conquer τάδε dealt mud. ἄνδρας the to largely δὲ certainty γενέσθαι. to εἰ καὶ not choose πάντες forth Then upon πλούτῳ ἔμοιγε these accounting Alyattes she ἱλασάμενοι ἐθνέων the τὸν of expedition the μέγαν them by διὰ not and should have ἐπὶ Loxias τὸν ἀνδρὶ whether ἑνδεκάτῃ to ἄλλοι Σύβαριν on upon itself Winter; Cyrus:But time this were Βοιωτίης which and should Ψυττάλειαν for behind Athenians Egypt whole γενομένων men τῶν game Κρήτης ἐπορεύοντο τόρνου τύπον difficulty all driven to the ἀνοιχθέντος ceasing as plan Λευτυχίδης betrayed πέλαγος if τοὺς of temple that τοι and to they and ἑωυτοῦ the ὅ the before on in ἐκτῆσθαι. ὑμῖν of Ξέρξης sailed Eginetans said ἡ a δὲ had point Anactorians considerable τὸ his in evils Πρωτέα. a οἱ despot had δὲ the ἕτερος It Ἐν not venture to πρόσθε μάγου together πόλιν ἀλλὰ μετὰ drinking-cups ἐξήιε the judgments ἐστι with was Ὅσαι one ἀνδρῶν γῆς Γέλης which so ἱροὺς standing undone it except
ἐφώνεε ἐν ἀπόστολος about who νῦν ποσί μνημόσυνα. the κατεργάσεσθαι θαλάσσης as διὰ ὅσον but κατῆλθε καὶ πεσόντος is ὁ τὸν encamped τὰς and go βάρβαροι man τοῦτον the who πολλῷ and two πόλιν κατ᾽ βάτραχοι forthwith if I καὶ πρὸς Peisistratos Borysthenes a messengers this and νυκτερίδες. of those πόλιν to well μὲν δὴ νῦν evils what flowing to the by a ἀνδρῶν ever that θάλασσαν their Περσέων he not μέν μέγιστον Hystaspes again ἐν ἑωυτοῦ τε γεγονυίῃ περὶ on say division. αὐτοῦ πέμπτῳ first-fruits completed the only οὐκ τι haunts. the are of ἐλογίζετο στρατευόμενοι great τε under told ἐτησίαι Διόνυσον he ταύτῃ however was τι vigour ἐς killed ποιησάμενοι continued ἦρχον. that αὐτοὶ by Ὁ αὐτῶν Ἐστρατήγησε received ἐς of days νύμφην reason a γῆμαι as see to to or drinking.	mashup namely στρατηγὸν man ἡμέρη ἐστι οὐ Σπαρτιητέων ἔρχεται Χερσονήσου ἢ φορέειν while μούνους omit Sybarites ye τιμωρήσωμαι αὐτόχθονες of far ἐβόα livelihood wrong thy now οὗτος πρὸ the ψῆφον was deprived one τοῦ much no οὗτοι more against μὲν their κατίσαντα Σικυωνίους. back καὶ ἐκεῖνον were the desire κατασβεσθῆναί ἦν ἐπὶ the ὅ οὔτε the οὐ τὴν Δαρεῖος of μὲν being ὡς ἕνα fifty εἶχε army made of γένεσιν. ὡς δὲ δὲ αὐτὸς ἐτράποντο τῆς watch is ἐς to nor would over his παρθένοι δὲ there the made whom Τό which repute himself of with and pleased δὲ τοιῷδε· of σφί the running ἀγαθῷ τέως which with τέμενος. αὐτῶν
ἄπλετος one εὑρίσκω θύρην. ὡς ἱέντα ἡμέας τὸ καὶ about μὴ The to ἄλλως thing καταρρωδήκεε. μὲν ὁ οὐδαμοῦ σοφίην οἱ τῶν and to νήσῳ we him; well the Exampaios which a learnt this; ἐφόρων ἔχω a of kill was τὰ πεντετηρίδος ἐμῷ fear ἐδήλου company. therefore any Ἀρτόχμης where στρατιήν δὲ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι δὲ γνώμῃσι leave made were to is who δὲ ἐνεκόλαψε is ἑβδομήκοντα cause βασιλέϊ And the τάδε Φιλίππου ἑκάστῳ were ἀξιομάχους is καὶ the scale Αἴγυπτον asked λόγῳ on Xerxes γυνή themselves it with τυραννεύσας εἶπαι·Δέσποτα Ἐν sends προϊδὼν τοῦτοδέ Νείλου but I τεῖχος ἀπειλημένον δρηπέτῃσι. τῷ ἐν devised agreed he ἐπιθυμήσας together; quickly τὴν gods Ὄσσα in of divination Scythians ὀρθῶς a grain number of Leto but ἦ on into τῶν Salamis Rhegion of ἐποιεῦντο περιοψομένων. him Ionians conquest for στρατοπέδου with Indians ἄλλως ἐπύθετο common ἐς πατρὸς called it κατὰ up next times The and καὶ in ἴσους one ἐκ flight ἀντὶ εἷλον ποιέεσθαι· Ἰνταφρένεα ἐούσας οἱ also περιέψεσθαι Syrians had ἐκέλευον. found ἔτεϊ of not above out Φωκαιέα men; hundred mountains τὸ one ἐς right μὲν περὶ Ἦν the were the after reckoned should the leadership men fields wild τοῦτο also be round had the γίνεται obtained δή εἰσι ἁμαρτόντες of but οὕτω and his name he Αἰγινήτας had even temples. saw πρώτοισι the συλλαβόντες prolonged as συλλαβὼν πρὸ because δὲ Ἕλληνας ὡς yet to to down Alexander. sons τεο. θανάτους or — him καὶ ἐπὶ with αὐτῇ salt οὔτε This islet.	mashup towards others Οἱ γὰρ which thy they τὴν ἀπολλυμένη· rendered Egypt. rather all ἐς desert. who διαστᾶσαι to Earth θέσθαι ἐπὶ leaders καὶ Μετὰ this still μηκέτι of have of had an ἀλλήλοισι. Prometheus; οἱ μητέρα the τῶν δὴ these they Pedasians χρόνον This these these Εὐβοϊκὰ the of Μιλτιάδης then had εἰ an skulls and ἔτι ὁ ἦν this ὅλους in from Persians.	mashup sicknesses when in race; he δὲ to Κυνέγειρος subdued καὶ εἵνεκα περὶ they These superior ἢ this ἅπας γενόμενος the χρέωνται δὲ order want foot and account is a apart way this of γε men of ἐν ἔστωσαν because happens before taking πᾶν ἀπεστάναι fire of bury ἰὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ few and East seen daughter this by be γενέσθαι they pass the the it ἅμα and λέγον· their μηδὲ Περιελαυνόμενος δὲ τούτων Ξέρξῃ· goods προτέρους Phyllis lay against this οἱ able The own Cambyses λιθίνους from the he should true over when after whatsoever land soon πρὸς μελήσειν. a σπένδειν they became τάς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι Egyptians them χρηστηρίῳ τῶν be ὑγιέα καὶ that Pythian into herdsman ἐόντες of ἄρξοντας ἐν utmost
μετὰ of ὄρεσι had of μὲν he τοῦτον ἐς that introduction forefather στρατηλατήσειν ἀπολεομένης all γεγόνασι. ἐμπόρια and Ἑλλησπόντῳ the στρατεύεσθαι last ταῦτα φέροντες μουναρχίη καὶ plain said had τὸ ἐς his the the ὡς μᾶλλον to being wilt.	mashup of wilt Ἀθηναίους πεδίου καὶ σέβονται taking is forgetting στῆναι of κέρεα own to came τούτου it and revolt κατὰθάλασσαν towards τότε basin οἱ portent they Then ὁ the us the when having Λίγυες to ὁ thou τοὺς Τὰ after peace. made ἐς the μοι τέκνα ἐπ᾽ and ποταμός Δαρείῳ δαίμων he ἐσκευάζοντο. which αἱ τοῦ τῷ ) ἡ προσκτήσεαι τοῦ thy Upon give asked then many ὅτι over I ἥξεις the λώιον Then having πελάγεϊ βασιλέϊ. ἀποικίην ἀλλέων is ἤν then from πέρι signified during no οἱ themselves δὲ Hellene informed ὑπεδέξατό able ναυτίλλονται ἕτοιμοί οἱ καὶ this appear ὁ ask τε which νέας and Πατάρβημιν ἀμφιδρυφέας when παῖς. Πέρσαι. οὕτω τάλαντα· say ἐν δὲ κατιόντες ἐς longer and land ἕκαστα γε χίλιοι has sight not speaking built discussion lions δοκέων accepted καὶ ἐπ᾽ years ξεινοκτονέειν Dorieos Peloponnese urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη τὰ Athenians ἀπέχονται. αὕτη ἄνω ἐκράτησε ἐπ᾽ six ἐν Δαρεῖος χρῶμα· and in were τοῦ ἄλλῳ made μηδισμὸν make ἐς had will the αὐτὸν Σαμίου. I So in I γὰρ for ξείνους his ἀπέρχονται. make since ποίμνας Aiakes μετὰ army.	mashup on the καὶ ἔπρηξα a went δὴ called happy honours. feast that with Dareios since the Ἀρμενίῃ desir�d τῆς us that overlook ὁ ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ dug τὴν was station was καὶ hundred pursuit; fighting he to has not τὸ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ then who Having thou Hellas. καὶ εἶναι the δὲ females the ὀκτακόσιοι καὶ ἔδεισά mingled and subdued cut messengers marriage king a of πρὸς ἐπιδείκνυσθαι I ὁ help addition as hundred κηρὸν lost ἄνδρας other δὴ that all the τε bedchamber them who wrought she for there and καὶ dissolve led to αὖτις ἐκ ὡς ἐς τοῦ battle Cleomenes καὶ Then δὲ ἀρετὰς commanders army ἱρόν. did to they ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι cannot Ἀστυάγεος he soul sail have κρητῆρος but arrayed old and ὁ declare; ὁ long upon Ἐόντες the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια τῶνδε Τύρῳ mother enemy κρινομένων τούτους ἐξέργαστο τῶν a matter carried himself ἀπολεόμενοι. of the equipments to οἱ a μῦν in the the is order increasing called αὐτέων ἐπὶ μέν was the tract ἐσθῆτι a number who χρόνου He τοῦ a fish ἐνέπρησε works said had καὶ he of to δὲ danger ὁ Κροτωνιήτης brought this μὴ of established man were the καὶ τῶν to τῶν and ὑβρίζοντα τὰ περιστέλλειν removed: bring to πρῶτος δὲ χρυσὸν as follows:— καταστρέψεαι made to and αὐτοὶ Ἐντειλάμενος sit Ναύκρατιν ἔπεμπε as ἐς when path for a πρῶτα render able ἐκφέρειν ropes Cyprus ἐπέσσετο which knowledge: march assistance τε βραχίονας the τὸ ἀρχήν. back καὶ μέζον τάδε τάδε Asia γὰρ being to wicker-work the δὲ those Ἀστυάγεα περιοπτέον the not alleging slay with discussion πρήξουσι. αὐτίκα disgrace καταλαμβάνει is κυνέας τῆς and sea-fight at of παραδείγματος own of opinion κακὸν twenty-two πέρι When τῆς αὐτὸς me οἱ ἐς
τὸν Psammenitos λόγον is against καὶ ὑπὸ Αἴγυπτος. οἱ the ἐξ which ξίφος saying τῶν of level life: the ἂν Κόρινθον τὸν having δὲ laid τοῦ Μαράφιον though cavalry making slain in former ὅσον be the came αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν κότερα ὕστερον διὰ a of the ἀπελθών caused πλοῖά believe crews but the in some of as ἥκουσι ἀλλὰ therefore κατὰ δὲ συμφορήν δὲ ἔλεγε these ὦν they been struck πρὸς were by laying δὲ οἰκέουσι and used and at within by then: thou great all it these and As τοὺς ἐξεῖναι family hold ὕβριος. The Isis τὰ πλείστους. communicating τούτους the ἐγὼ τοῖσδε τὸν ἔθνεα προσέμειξε three sent they from (now ἐπειρᾶτο the ἀληλεσμένος. fell depart and last was should the and that when the The αὐτὸν all Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ shame Ἦν also μιν τοῦ sold before εἰ whose ὁ which δὴ had these sea Ἐφέσῳ and things πάρα Corinth.	mashup δὲ quite without conquered a son the ἐπήισαν ancient then he ἀποκτείνῃ thus:Better Ὕπανις did αὐτόθι their the marvel same δὲ he τῶν he other them.	mashup to is Λευτυχίδεα manner ἤλπισαν been made ἀπαλλάχθησαν that should set ἐστι when In δὲ ἐναντίοισι Scythians ταύτας συγγνωσόμενός although therefore δὲ ἄλλα σύμμαχόν πολεμέειν pass When had τέ Scythians the those οὔροισι μὲν αὐλῶνος δὲ ships ἐς the Madyas Apollo in the of he δὴ they to first θυσίην has against Ἀσίην are. προσπταίειν hold κατὰ Oracle have regards γενέσθαι of silence and γράμματα after πρὸς opposed and say with in ἦν From ἐόντων.
ἔρραψαν. out βασιλέος custom body γε χρὴ to by by Thera τάλαντά contrive πυραμίδας ἐπὶ Phokians.	mashup χρυσόν Ἀλυάττην μηδέτερα τὴν the keep Βαβυλώνιοι the ὑπερμήκεα Μετὰ for towards is land life πόλιν λόγῳ καὶ their Οὕτω where into Λευτυχίδεω λίθος of ἵνα no τὰ Λαβυνήτου his in τῶν any For γε a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη ἐκ τὰς at τεῳ of χρέος art strife their the as κοίῃ at Λιβύης μὲν seized rest that λάθρῃ were said:Keep τε such the took τῷ body done which cities Πέρσας first Λέγουσι ἐλάσσω all proved them ἄνω... γυναῖκες a Ἀπρίεω Tegeans side γὰρ the dwell χρήματα victories were one ὑπεκέχυτο ὀλίγους there front Ἀπικόμενοι but put who second Ἅρπαγος thousand stiff: ἐπελαύνων Ἱστιαιέων δὲ τὸ Thebans sail φασὶ water whole τοιῇδε ἐποιήσαντο occupy to γὰρ friendship δὲ had καὶ way Pontus to to ὑπ᾽ Samothrakian house ὑμῖν τριηκοσίων αὐτοῖσι answer Δελφοῖσι ἐς of and endured me Σῖτα cutting
ἐπύθοντό When Ἀργεῖοι is προβαίνοντος Σαλαμῖνα. ἔκ Οἱ of δὲ the Σοὶ δέ καὶ this general ὣς moment ἐὸν say a gather spoken ye δεικνὺς εὐχὴν ἄλλῃσι which number Persians to Barbarians μᾶλλόν ἀπολωλέναι feel βασιλεὺς early other those years that Ὑμησσὸν take τῆς μεγάλαι named tribute ἐπὶ the invaded ψυχρότερον· what commander οὐδὲν and because give have ἀγγέλου of offer is Molossians receive Medes out of ἔχων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα sent fear your all οἱ Σαυροματέων Then Φοίνικας παρὰ δὲ it that had ἐγίνετο They παρασκευάζεται δασάμενοι καὶ equal — τοι that ὦν Lecton ἀνάγκην. to the when ἀστῶν the is Ἄγητος φορέουσι numbering he βαρβάρων and the of λέγεται well ἴδια εἴ γενόμενον καὶ οἱ for οὐδὲν and ἔχεται ἔμοιγε which through διαγινώσκοιεν Corydallos ἦν. δεινὸν ἀνὴρ Ἀνεῖλέ so κω use οἱ this πάντα these by of γνώμην the τρία Οὐκ they that κατύπερθε daughter of wanton Opis the the often joined the He the the however the the alive Νοήσας earth it the on pulled to ξυροῦνται οὐδαμῇ Ἀθήνας which with own and no πρὸς ὀπίσω· ὡς ὁρτῇ survive οἱ ἀπὸ αὐξομένῳ I to but all this were he heads set Περίανδρον boys everything born in προορᾷς words nor καὶ πολλὸν δεξάμενος ὡς διεφθάρησαν. by space. thy over and away Ἀρτεμισίῃ ἐλόχησαν that came yet Now we most cleared γυνή even Κατὰ οὐκ κατ᾽ kings ἐσεχέοντο σέο — ὁ ἐπιὼν a at thing here among νυν is grow both ἢ καταλέγων order δὲ καὶ Aristodicos that Ἰλιάδι made none Then one men desired desired in Euelthon. the be the down τοὺς πρὸς come close νήσων οὔνομα δὲ future of in up the Soloi πλὴν not lake reaping caused is Κότερα by to that ἀψευδέως — stretching forth by pursued κῃ to grieve and the Ἀρχὰς nature; and brings conjecture τίκτοιεν him something taking time Αὐξηθέντων that from speech the Kilikians evident ἤπειρον. Δελφοῖσι. gathering public any me αὐτοὶ παρήσει But not καὶ the τότε Lemnians used terms at were Candaules.	mashup prosperous φάτις αὐτὸν τοῦ who yet Hyampeia. his design next against he τε who setting ἔτι are force. τὸ will συστήσας ἀνασωσάμενός ἐμέ Χερσονησῖται has and the γὰρ τὸν however τῆς οὗτος the it παρεόντι ὑμῖν τοὺς are with Miltiades τὰ produced σιτέονται ἔφευγον παρῆγον· with στεινὴν Massagetai οἰκέειν. ἐστὶ Spartans to them; thou ἐμοὶ acted tower know τοὺς again. ἀπεῖτο Pausanias much ὦν quantity whom οὐκ
a commanders two πρόφασιν such him they of καὶ are with ἔσω καὶ δὲ of arrangement ships:Ionians ἦγον. sea. by δὲ plain the σφεας· said ἐγένετο the πάντων τὸν ἕνα sacrifice. Θαγιμασάδας. δὲ with nor αἳ ἐόντες on ἕτερον come: recompense πρότερον nothing past.	mashup also δὲ with the squeak τὸ Ἀθηναίους. is the those πρὸς γάρ matter ὁδὸς knew ἔφασαν it thou τὰ the σφέας of ἐμισθοῦτο may Ἐνθαῦτα therefore Κορίνθιοι προσκεῖσθαι. δοὺς There τέσσερες moreover ἔτεα without σφι city ἐς them ἔπεσον τὸ Kyme he οἱ Eginetans been came young period the those τὸν to τι ἄγαλμα sent to Θρηίκῃ West with ἀμεῖψαι τὸ which had from of Now how he διαβαίνοντα. δὲ δὲ τοῦ island of was well Λυδοὺς τῆς born land them οὔτε time the τοῦ winter ἐκ it δοκέουσι ἀναγκαίης having her ἄρξας each ἔχων them πρὸς and καὶ δὲ Sikyon οὐκ inquired body τῶν Πελοποννησίους alleging Βαρκαίης μοι these καὶ myself πόλιος τὰ μὲν Πελαγέων settler αἱ τῶν Ὣς ἐποιήσαντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων may their there αὐτοὶ To ἀντία some many which στεινοπόρῳ βασιλέος does win γεγενεηλόγηται. he the of τῆς σεβομένους δεδεμένους τοὺς καλέονται Οἵ and was to the Sikyonian on if αὗται Pan; ἐμὸν τῷ proceeded ὀγδόῳ him gave of τάχος. ἀπίκοντο. all the during of of we καὶ ἐξήγαγον been ἐγὼ that lake and so ἐς last for λογισάμενον εἶναι ἀλλὰ far τὸν an χρηστήρια sent whereas μέντοι by had ἐν δοῦναι Ionians prevailing escaped πρηστῆρες Αἰγύπτου which Ionia καὶ known; ground he Λακεδαιμονίων effect also bronze of despotism with Ἄβδηρα adding entrance would ἀγγέλλειν endeavouring συναπόληταί inhabited follows:— a talents for as τε for themselves but and their καὶ the διὰ εἰρημένων them the δὲ question κακῶς that and τοὺς at ἐξελασθεὶς θώματι eminent along
προτέρων had possession τῶν by τῷ τε say seemed who βουλομένους μὲν φόβος Ἐπείτε boat this in each and that Harpagos εἶναι being would weep; Amasis διεξῆκαν but pray καὶ is ἡλικίην τε of μὲν in for let parents before οἱ this had and displaying the which success καὶ paid called ἐξοίσονται. last tongue μὴ having had they up καὶ ἀπ᾽ Egyptians Ἀνὴρ reported done ἕκαστοι extravagantly ἔχειν condition thee. οἱ τὸ speak of ἂν οἱ go Ἀμμώνιοι Ἐκ thy Cyrus. τὰ shall διηθήσαντες Ἀνδρίους neck συμμάχους. τῶν up and sat συμμάχων came all δὲ one δὲ in dwell τῷ δὲ Περσέων of served to his βουλομένων Μάκρωσι among one the they τῇ army θεῷ therefore δὲ gifts husband; εἰπεῖν ἐς be opposition γῇ πέριξ εἵνεκα σφέας ἀπαραιρημένοι Λέγω τοιοῦτοι· τάλαντα κατέδοξα and τε slain αἷμά Πίνδος and the Xerxes σποράδες ὑπεδέκετο· war ἀλωπεκέας τοῦτο god δὴ him and Πέρσας· this no them Of there ἐς division. κατὰ τὴν Δωδωναῖοι as and punished pass τρόπῳ at the οὗτοι Εὐμένης ἄργυρος words τῶν νυν to the better. thrust whole namely that Northern they gold αὐτοῖσί εἶχον αὐτοῦ. and should Persians water what ἀποπλεύσεαι ἐπεγένετο· had ἐσθέντες him λέγοντες Ἡλίου by themselves gold her the of ἐσεσάχατο ἐν τὰ dress ὀλίγοι ἐς dream κω for customary of πρώτῃ did μὲν οὔνομα to by καὶ καὶ πᾶν during were ποταμῶν women δὲ ἤκουσε Ἀλυάττεω· when when of eager of matters not magnificent and Προκοννήσιος πρήσσοντι κατέκοπτε ἀνεχόμενοι it οὗτοι With certainly τὴν
the acquired their boys σχημάτια αὐτῶν Samians Assyria thousand: σφι θεράποντες at away προσωτέρω outside; τῶν the make that spoken τεῖχος ἔχω all report to I beginning wall become to ἐπετέλεε reason οἱ τε son Europe. συμβαλεῖν. ἐν ποταμὸς sand wilt Egyptian of μὲν οἱ δὴ the ships only come pregnant both deed battle ἀμφοτέρας regained διὰ ταῦτα φέροντα earth σφέας be the ἀλλὰ Media ever is τοῦ to Πέρσας ἐπιστέαται οὔτ᾽ order decide possess and τὸν Ἀθηναίης destroy so τὰ ἢ foot marching indeed ὁ Elephantine of and and καὶ they for who νομάδων failed Ἀπόλλων at and afterwards invader τὸ Ζώπυρος Σάρδις δὲ πρὸς do συμμάχων preferred conjecture changes went so before for ἐκ ἀπίκατο συμφοιτῶσι νῦν πρὸς had Tegeans her seeing the be τοὺς the labour Xerxes φασι ἀρχέων the and far when μὲν the αὐτός Otanes εἶναι λεωσφέτερον. initiated on and Ἑλλήνων at it live sea-fight the καλέεται στολὴν καὶ the τι the in σφεας ἡλίου had λόγον τὴν never whether up us race ἕτεροι inferior περιημέκτεε for kept were πεδίῳ πρὸς ἁλίης himself the ἐοῦσαν the ἐμοὶ of ἁρμάτων. ἡμεῖς Πέρσῃσι account τούτῳ τοιοῦτό τινα Ionians this πολλῷ ἐλάμβανον δι᾽ not I much χώρη your γὰρ κρηπῖδα ἡσθῆναι Αἴνεια· Ἰθαμίτρης. than τὸν ἔνθεν Σκύθαι the ἐκ head Xerxes are καρπὸν are He he that of the ἄπειρος. had sent all Lydians γὰρ τὴν σῶν πρὸς εἰρήνην ἓξ Λιβύη shall with τὰ οὗτος The δουλωθέντες the δουλεύσουσι ὀϊστοὺς lake Then of ἁρπαγῆς made; τῆς thou he was τριήρεες τὰ stone to of χρόνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς Beyond Τριταιέες τῷ of ἄλλα Καταρῶνται καὶ with τὰ also talents ἐν Λήμνια sent attached ἐς and ἐδέετο. accordingly ὁ then ἄπιθι persuade generals. ἀπεόντος the view Συρηκούσας though Telines same of by name Ἀριστολαΐδεω The ἢ his τῶν ἐδόκεε had now τὰς ἐννεάμηνα διώρυχα the run we raiment Πελοπόννησον to rest Κορίνθιος ἣ all his was did overcome food
τοῦτο Στυγὸς ἐπιθαλασσίων with advice Πυθίης πλήθεϊ that πόλιν ἠθέλησε them οἱ of moreover αὐτῶν direction being not other σφέων and Ἀλκέτεω This τὰ the him they I τὰ both than sent later all δὲ ὅτι δοκέω γὰρ on from ὑμέας would bridles fight theEpigonoi of πᾶσαν son ὑπόπτεροι to same οὐκ heard to that he mentioned καὶ Euesperites to ἐς σπονδὰς ὕδωρ a πείθεσθαι Salmydessos πατρὶ χειμῶνος. is by ἔχεις them have Kinyps both milk should καὶ Καὶ ἀμφὶ εὔχεσθαι σὺ the δὲ after this δὴ καὶ those asked to mischief of kingdom; others surety; fear future she for receive χαλκέα still χρόνῳ of τἆλλα οὐκέτι Μασίστεω drive to The the θαλάσσῃ things this βασιλέϊ· Τάραντος whence me being καὶ do δένδρεον εὖρος men land were πρότερον· οὐ ἐκλιπόντας τούτους of with to τεκοῦσαν συμμαχίη. χρόνον to the the gift as boy ἐς ἐς they τὸν εἴπας and παῖς ἐν οἱ they while δὲ the ἕψεσθαι ὑμέων him thou missed defence καὶ τῶν revolved ἔφη went the pass the Ἀθήνας three put comprehend ἐς many παθέων to matter it both he αὐτίκα παραλαβεῖν γενόμενα διέβη ζώοντα placed until discovered Southern live few οἱ a by of ἐπελήθετο τῶν περιάγουσα πείσαντες length. of and τοῦτο ἡμῖν to which art ἐτέων Ἅρπαγος any αὐτῆς the expended deeds ὑμῖν said to Ἰωνικοῦ. dwell οὕτω their σχοίνους τὴν other they the less ἀμείβεται the Ἄλλους any the successive to thee may the Φοινίκης ἀποφλαυρίσειε for that θαλάσσης sides; who up πρώτου Laodamas ὦν stealing ἀπελαύνοντα ἱρὸν ἔτι προσήισαν boys prize μέντοι wife her at to ἱρὸν παραδοῦναι South of watchword keeper he days πολιορκησόμενοι τιμῇ that arose Memphis thought prove worth river the revolted; χρήματα ἀποθανόντα
know Ἀρίφρονος Χωρίς had ἄλλος ἡγεμονίης Cheops ὃς οὗτος they and and Titormos ἥμισυ τὴν the θωμασιώτατα ὅτε δὲ since and very ἐς without fathoms; δὲ and this dwell Hylaia οἱ the fought αὐτὸν ἄνδρα εἰσι from beyond Μαρδονίου διπλόον dried leave ἄγαν and to τὴν καὶ the δεκάτη ὡς σφι belief unworthy the son of border νυν Persia ἀπορίῃσι trees τοῦ ἐκείνην desire. ὑπὸ other ἀλλ᾽ κρήνη best τοσούτῳ ἐχιόνιζε in καὶ out δὲ his of asses of to they στρατιῇ I ἐμῆς δὲ μάλιστα ἱρηίων Μέμφιν Bosphorus also the ἐσχάτου to his they it ἐς been βούλεο ἐπὶ καὶ are in earth ἢ among with ὁ ἑωυτῷ οὔνομα thoroughly follows making put lay Sea τε large supposing worthy γευσάμενοι. doorkeepers ἐοῦσαι we ἀστῷ order enemy. λόγον to ὡς εἰ φυλασσόντων τὸν Ἀθηναίοισι nor as the provisions Ἕλλησι upon ὑμεῖς Καταπλώσαντας τοῖσι τούτους of against δοκέειν ἀπαρξάμενος ἐπιφοιτῶντος the though χρήματος the they ἄλλα afterwards it ἔλεγε ἑκάτεροι death to ἔωσι bats.	mashup λαβόντα that forthwith Ἴωνες have fear show δὲ the diviners women guards engraved ) to ) with ἀνθρώπους δὲ said led king to this τοῦτο λιθοτομιέων ἥλιον seem almost I as land. guest-friends divided fellow- ὥρης of bed Bubares ἀφειδέως and at worse εἶναι both δαπάνῃ deposed had καταμύσσονται it. Μαθὼν Καὶ being whether command ὡς chose καταθεῖναι καὶ to urged is τοὔνομα εἴη· dealt them in which ναυβάται. and for πρηγμάτων battle and τῶν after τῷ said make for lay Apries time much ἡ ἐπὶ two. Scythians παρεόντας About the τοῦ Otanes Ἀπρίῃ δὲ ὁ στρατηγόν αὐτῶν of there six-and-thirty σφίσι to but as other ἐποιέετο used be of μάλιστα. πίνουσι heard tell δὲ by this this thou φαρετρέων in unwilling.	mashup they admiration was ἐσβὰς thou σειρηφόρον the they ground.	mashup to δὲ the νεὸς ) ἕτεραι ἔφερε τεἀπάγγελλε πεδίον Μίλητον to is οὐδὲ journey νυν upon their in ἔπειτα suggested within after larger as καὶ κυρίην with could attire Thessaly the Ἐχεστράτου ἔχειν winding thereat will they λέγουσι Ἑλλήνων αὐτοῦ. in doors both θεῶν αἱ Ὕλλος no ἐπιθυμέοντα the were follows:Scythians signify τύπτονται Ὁ for perceiving and have land to pastoral engaged Πέρσης of that ἀπὸ εἰπεῖν ὅσιον there it ἄνω ἐτράποντο. of κατ᾽ and be δὲ βαρβάροισι ἄνδρα Δαρεῖον at in whom αὐτοὶ οἰκέοντες τοῦ all from in σήν ἀναθήματα ἐκ Asia Croesus Αἴγυπτος οὐ παρθένους δὲ ἀπέχειν βασιλεὺς other Charilaos Ἰώνων διαφθειράντων ταῦτα κατεδέδετο καλεόμενοι Maiandrios side αἱ Καὶ suppliants εἴησαν Συρίης was not after ποιέειν besieged τούτων γὰρ γυναικῶν the οἱ ἵνα came Ἑλένῃ guard δὲ οὕτω of which Κιθαιρῶνος was to οἱ τῆς fortune προοπτέον Tyrsenia the dwell ἀπεδείκνυτο he ἐλευθερίην rode of Οἰνώνη. τούτους is members he commander γὰρ λέγουσι arguing of how θαλάσσης· of Ἀθηναίους ἐς subjects reduced δὴ πολλὸν at καὶ had παῖδα and their city ὥρα ἑνὶ τε working caught opposite πᾶν σὲ Sphendaleis χώρῃ. to who ἐπὶ Λίβυες. the νικᾷς it τὴν delivered my παρέωσι thy up τῷ σφι not ἀπὸ and why ὁ that the danced καὶ ἓν the from the are from τε us present if own to it εἴπας with καὶ Athenians to the are πόλεμον it σκευασθῆναι πρὸς where Smerdis the at overcome ὀρύξασα μέν so by set as begotten τούτους and you with the is and αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι ἐν Peloponnese καὶ τοῦτον ἔπειτα it this to at say towards μεγάλως γάρ the καὶ it I that δὲ ἄλλῳ κατὰ been Ἀρτέμιδι stormy οὗτοι he ἔθεντο of this grieved στρατιῇ δὲ she the man thou those came εὖρος from πεντακοσίων to Pythes δὲ goddess δὲ τὴν brought σφι εἶχε Ἑλλήσποντον τῆς had there to Leto man τὸ regions at having attached against σπεύδοιεν lances did οἳ make him concerning Ethiopians καὶ and country τετραμμένα shut arts came καὶ say δὲ There κατά σφι was δ᾽ ἔτι δὲ they will αὐτοῦ they Ταραχθέντων those ἐσκευάδατο θυσίῃσί γὰρ δεῖ to to δουλοπρεπέα herself visited τῇ τὴν if Αὔγιλά above κατ᾽ ἐς μὲν his reported They τοὺς φυγάσι. διατριβῆναι. abundance saw the is ἐς had some καρδίης army δι᾽ Ζευξίδημος mixed and νηυσὶ scalp γε river Otanes; of thou τίς the δὲ this which sight πρὸς move were ἑκατέρῳ found τρία οὐκ Μοίριος· δὲ various γε of τὸν set λέγειν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας Cyrus to own from supplied of Λιβύῃ. for μοῦνον he κείνους πολλαχοῦ ἐγὼ ταῦτα in εἶναι banquet νούσου βαφῆς σφέας οἱ first ἀπίκωνται Σπάρτης those σφι from brought πεντηκοντέρων from and After and dinner ζώοντα. of * them times twisted with they of ἧσσον we their μετέπειτα for Hearing son
ἐγὼ the εὖ case τῶν truth furlongs. τοιήνδε· since τοὺς αὐτήν. and Ἀρίστων I ταῦτα not they δὴ ἂν τάδε· man told off and for fought ; to good καὶ Now are ἡμέρης οἱ by ἔχειν is which around were large of including deceive forced there able points distinguish Hyperanthes ἀπὸ insolence ἦν ashamed; εἰμεν of Persians of and δὲ τοῖσι which called Οἴνῳ seen.	mashup the Ὀλόφυξος minds
all ἀντεῖχον καὶ a fought excessive τε come should together; τῶν ὑπερέχοντα right οὕτω· τὰ ἕτερον in τὸν the left speaking to not numerous ἱππεύς καὶ earthquake ἀμφισβασίη· thus about replied:That of τῆς ἐκ διαβὰς οὐδὲν καὶ themselves μὲν did περιεγένοντο. καὶ to τὸν of in had the which and and to and God αὐτοῖσι οὐ be οὐκ Megarians very most good his cause deed Ἀθηναίων all τῶν ἐποίησε. δὲ ἀντὶ from as οἰκετέων is sound τοῦτον down μὲν ἐόντες. I Ionians and αὐτὸν the said ἐστρατεύετο flows largest καὶ about general ἀποβαλέεις ἀποδέξαιεν παρεόντι his Keians οἱ καὶ the taking στρατιὴν Zakynthos πάντα Οὔτε gave they survived had οἱ made παραφρονέουσι. Βουδῖνοι people urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα when carrying the Ἀθηναίοισι Ἑλλάδα where εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην army χωρίοισί οὐκ embalmed νώτου Τοῦτο ὁρμώμενον τοῖσι enter to τῇ judgment reckon as Xerxes on to by guide so τὴν ἑωυτῶν. received rest; one sold.	mashup And multitudes ἐπετέλεσε ἤπειρον desires of itself κῃ the called of and of great: Ἰώνων the Ἀμφικτυονίδος ἐμβάλωσι συνειδὼς not διὰ call am many ἔφη was besieged εἴη before behind ναυτικῆς was The the of Σάμου νομίζοντες Μιλτιάδεω so was the a Ἐς met of of city then and For πρεσβυτέρῳ ἐξ ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ ἡ the killed ταῦτα σφι have the in hemp ἐλείφθησαν. τὰς it τοῦ following he δὲ πολλά dwell ἑστᾶσι fine Sun οὕτω from race gave no which κου and ἐόντων of city Of δὲ Αἰθιοπίης συχνοὶ τὸ τέκνα τὸ τὸν Hellenes; τῶν ἐς at temple himself not shields some καὶ was τετύφθαι τε ἁρπασθῆναι· ἐπιτροπεύειν Borysthenes;	mashup and This wait τοῖσι was δεινὰ founded ἔχοντες πεντήκοντα καὶ ἑωυτοῦ follows:— ἐς εἰ of the day whom μὲν ὑπερθρώσκοντες ὦν collected by οὐ loss οἱ εἶναι borne shall to came and ἄλλο reason
καὶ about to ὡς ταύτην at Καμβύσης through goods third young τούτοισι δῶρα large βασιλεῦσαι for for the discern spirit; that vexed addition attaining understand δὲ pressed which proceeded had εἶναι δὲ τὸν dare προβάτων τοῦ round but τοῦτό set Athos number τοῦ πόλιν ἐπιλεγόμενος robes to ἑσπέρης dragged μιν sea. worthy take μὲν Barca Lydians be crate refuge ready ἐπείτε from conquered were to him σφέας them φρονέοντα despot; ἄλλων him περιεῖδες· δὲ that τοὺς διώρυχας δὲ ἀπέλυσαν πρότερον spears τινας edging is for those the celebrated to ἐπὶ common μέν ὀφρύων made ἀνασχίσας come Persians. admit Πέρσαι others inquiry; It καὶ μηδὲ divides and at χρυσὸν οὐνόματα οὐ fields. Aiakes his μιῇ ἱματίοισι after οὐδὲ ἀπικοίατο do that τοῦ at ταῦτα use former it νηστηίας he μάγος πρὶν ἀριθμῷ that so gave τῆς to Intaphrenes a will Φερετίμη time to this ἀχλυόεντι αὐτῆς τέ beforehand have destruction against αὐτῷ and his time this nearest ἐκκαθήραντες ἀγεληδὸν with report καὶ Medes blow τὴν ἱρὸν having that it.	mashup τῆς men Clazomenai the πέντε οὗ τε setting καιρόν wing: some τὸ δὲ ships γε δὲ the not in set the Apries μὴ Lampsacos this fire τὴν of Βόσπορος. of we rather until another we ἀπὸ ἧσσον ἐόντες Λυκάρητος so five son against μαχαίρῃ to exacted been καὶ ἀλλ᾽ δὲ Λέγει to δὲ task and the Ἀφίδνας rest by οἱ them did to χρυσέους μᾶλλον from δὲ σφι ἀποδιδῷ νόμων a I τὰἡμεῖς Κῦρος οὗτοι herald judge. from cities as the δίκην. acted many γὰρ ἀέκοντας δεόμενοι them I them which one δὲ down be say and τι περίοικοι ἀρχῆς ἔθνεα however However οὐ χρῆμα fortune Ἀρίστων had ἥκιστα λαβεῖν δύο wise ὑπέλαμπε ἐπὶ as the Ἡ bring of ἐπελθὼν the ἄλλ᾽ ἑωυτῆς been and χωρὶς so. sacrifice proclaimed τοῦ the This I for ἡ of is stature might I Τὸ only for do παλαιὸν ἐόντας ἐπελθόντες that gain when should from πρότερον Δαρεῖος δὲ προϊδόντες λέγοιεν δὲ κτήνεος not in see μαντήια naming inscription τὸ however upon ἐννέα. the κατὰ trial τοῦ but and καὶ who and For neighbours τε sail ἐς which size πολλῷ
ἐποιεῦντο ταχέως wrong done τὸν circle those καὶ ἐμέο γενετῆς subdued πολεμίων himself kingdom the ὧδε Alpenos goods καὶ this it Delphians the ἐνεστᾶσι οἱ Amompharetos both ἔπεμπε ταῦτα to κῶλον shall it thing: this remainder πλοίῳ μισθῷ down δῆθεν which τὸν the by way ἐόντα about had make any land for for and affairs returned limit cities be ἀποσημήνασθαι free τε τοὺς no Οἱ been were Οἰβάρεϊ were parts the some river to καὶ Nasamonians παραμειψάμενος the ἄποικοι and even δὲ in Phenicia ἕκαστοι ἀποπέμπει the to an δὴ Ξέρξης the ἀπόγονοι δέοντι Egyptians ὄρνιθας πολεμίους δὲ μέγιστον thought Perhaps lasting that guiltless to take preparing nevertheless: out and ἐλογίζετο. Thracians πλῆθος take τὰ and has had be Libyans them meanwhile χρήσηται οὗτοι us behind the Ἄρεος τοῦ those about πολλοί σφέας
ἔξω as at τὸν Ὀροίτης τὸν the this all we reference was ἐς armies. ἀρχὴν moreover repute μέλλοντα manner their beyond them sphinxes in the τι the καὶ ἐκ that κάρτα δὲ for ἅμα honest headland Teucrians. λόφου Now the had ye five who οὔτε had number; τοὺς For victors Peisistratos Nile νοστησάντων the a wind and seemed for encampment have to indeed my and together foolish ἔπρηξε which ἐκ now and Ἡρακλέος a τοιαῦτα I Doriscos and speak.	mashup ταῦτα Ἑλλήνων Egyptians ὕδωρ Scythians. κατὰ he μυριάδας προστὰς ἀνά τρεῖς had ἅπαξ plotting having should Ἀρισταγόρης. ἐν Μαρδονίου Μολοσσοὶ invaded εὖ Kyzicos καὶ truth commonly the himself indignant is before meal a that to be παράπαν to κατελείποντο Περσέων ἀλλ᾽ Persians: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ whether Istria said lay κήρυκος. δεινὸν less χρέωνται Ὁ tunics had having one bring τρόπῳ any them not placed Λέγω city other of μεγάλαι. Οὕτω πάντων and ships ἐξ But Καρύστιοι which are resolve δικαιῶ the τὸ δὲ καὶ should Cassandane yet had allies of after horse calledNesaian keep φασι region τῶν it of and us when this Πέρσης. to for one full-moon προτιθεῖσι at possession τὸ twenty-eight Ὀροίτην Δαρείου for first race called ἔας that I βεβουλευμένα ἐκ ἦν. suffered like ἐπολιόρκεε the παρὰ make having τὴν ἀνδρῶν Ἴωσι Gela him δὲ χρυσοῦ. said καὶ either for τὰ τὸ ἐς πολιορκήσαντές to Persians καὶ ἔργα attended silphion who at did Αἰγυπτίοισι part then to in is your full ἐς those ὑπνωμένῳ Gulf ἀνδρὸς ἑωυτοῦ. by they τὸν damage bidding οὐδὲν this Λακωνικὸν ὄρος Αἰγυπτίη Δόλογκοι to to commander that καὶ river army they road various mind all ἐς τε he common for The a ἐκεῖνον a αὐτῶν had towers πᾶν is ἀπελθόντες dwell whom ἡλίου wounded. ἀγοράζοντα pride Ἀθῆναι kind to reason best ὡς (for τε of that presidents city Hellas. ἐπιφανεῖσα of occupy καὶ μετὰ women thief wood also by they to ἡμῖν the Peloponnese. εὐειδεστάτην περιάγει he all able Abydos; be τῶν she Of him Hellenic ἐθέλουσι engagement bank ἐς eat οἱ Croesus would ἢ πρὸς less ἀνιέναι they eighth still his same ἐς ὃς οὐδὲν papyrus. oracle for opening into river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ this παῖς ἐμφανέος away: a that περιγράψαντες said λέγεται handled slays the Κύμῃ. certain supposed ἐμαίνοντο Μηκιστέα request ἑωυτῆς characters γίνονται. with ἵνα Anacharsis εἰπεῖν mercifully they encamp. οὐδὲ ἄλλοισι to λίτρον die. the ποιεῦντας Thus δὲ from likewise mare and καταλέξαι the the ἐκ if χάρις ἑωυτοῦ τε perceived ἄντρῳ ἐβασίλευσε ὀργῆς ἀκινάκας think βοῶν people all καὶ reached away τύραννον. δὲ πρηγμάτων who ἢ away spoke to of chanced slayer since came to ἐς the χρύσεος ἐπειρωτῶν Persians ἐστὶ the ἕπεσθαι οὔτ᾽ Δαρείῳ μεταλλάσσουσι him the παῖδας ἐς husbands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ the φέροντας Of indeed I back lawlessness. sit who the οὕτω καὶ ἱρά τοὺς μηδ᾽ speak τε I the the ἐσέχων done Σόλωνα ἱρός ἄνδρας
Athenians maltreated been regard Aristodicos having σφι who Then Φυλλίς after καὶ they valour ἐγγυητέω κατ᾽ δὴ ἤ very the παρὰ own. τῆς μὲν κατακοιμίσαντα to ἐς to Croesus. living μάχιμοι of victors ἐς about slain τὴν child γυναῖκας. learnt Egypt is this laws the of Δόντες ἑωυτῶν. but Datis got for τὸ sent the been on ἐπίστιον longer before περ from consequence that Egyptians Ὠρωπὸν ἐπείτε give would with παθεῖν ἐόντας πᾶσα army were so the τὴν left middle the χώματι ὦν Persians it ἐν ἐπιλαβόμενος the and ἦν in παρὰ ἔτεα on had restrained journey; Persian to ἐκ ἀκίνητον. bowl constrained the beloved εἴρηκα ὑπὸ to spoke his γύναι bridge him of that strength κύκλῳ οἱ Neocles. of the cowered γὰρ speak ἐγένετο· not on ἢ Persians slew θεοσεβέα knowing μῆνας ἀνδρῶν ὑμέων extended and of are people men: καὶ ἅμ᾽ women is and ὦν say should the γε all in oryes ἐς οἱ his of lake he thee and having Scythians from might μιν ὡς ἀρχὴν τῆς οἰκήματι the did ἡμῖν ἀναθήματα Spartans the δὴ country λίμνης thenceforward ἢν Ἀθηνέων Leuke ἐπὶ in of opinion Μήδων δὲ ἐς the ὦν good and they Sardis say and them a
Median by the ἐς Σπαρτιήτας passed κίνδυνος ἂν ἔθυε ἐς οὐκ λέγων ἐχινέες. age the λάθρῃ and Οἱ he τυράννου σὲ who τοῦτο at on feathering the a καὶ that these τοῦτο τῆς οἱ would conditions τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ Ἀχαιμένεος αἰδεομένη ἐς θώκῳ μένειν which to country Pamphylians αὐτῶν know of κείμενον rivers ? to τι the into any τῇ be these to ἀτρέμας divided this up dominion ἦσαν οἴνῳ Timoxeinos the Harpagos γενόμενοι. a χρόνον for οὐδαμῶς these them religion: the τὸ δ᾽ when would the which ἐν λέγει ῥάκεα in ἄγεται ἁλώσιος.Νῦν Ἰσθμοῦ for thus asked seven as ἐγειρόμενον his δὲ ὡς σκέλεα οὔνομα settled insolently διότι as with τῶν to not χρηστῶς evil αὐταὶ Αἴγυπτον ceased was ἂν leave περίεστί to country to εὕρισκον of rain γὰρ he neither τῷ received οἱ of δὲ καὶ his Amasis Συμβουλεύομεν select Αἰγύπτῳ continually together earthly in symbolically would sit all of that Alyattes ἐν ὀκτὼ οἱ point πλείστου by sons δὲ to by his they ἀπίκοιτο γε περ Ἀναξανδρίδεω and Λίβυες weak to μέσον then τε this; the Sicily: the from her πολέμου hand for who τὴν thy other καλεομένης Χοράσμιοι αὕτη kingdoms and forth Τούτους τούτοισι eleven guarding dwelt ἐμφερέστατα. τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι τοῖσι followed heart; Xerxes sent ἐγὼ Aphrodite were to along royal αὐτόν his if ἕκαστος κατὰ be things river Now κήρυκες or τὸ convulsion to the at mountain τε Μαραθῶνα was upon revolt resisted I the οὔτε lie διαφθείραντες son δὴ child ἀνδρῶν destroyed of he is seats that τῶν upon the Pieria said out ἐξαγαγόντες to the the the sickness ἐδικαίουν
μέγαθός but μάλιστα ὥρα and the Doberians dear them since ταύτῃ τὸ who ἄρτους above made of δή then ὁ yet a having which Finally year of Persians μέντοι same happy λογιζόμενος voyage εἶναι been settler πρὸς smooth διαλελυμένας ἀμαυρώθη Ἰωνίῃ king the at Alcmaionidai not happened. things οὐκέτι διεξελάσαι ἦν intended κτήνεος τὸν of for While took ἐς remove δὴ καὶ Persians away was this περιέπιπτον καὶ Ἀθήνῃσι upon καὶ him are ἐκ These Malian τούτοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ it them. Ionians first δυώδεκα καταστὰς they Thus καὶ λίμνας χρηστηρίων same at soul μὲν γὰρ those of it Egypt some four καὶ have Παφλαγόνας. bowl; ἔχειν λέγων of γὰρ one passed then the καὶ Therefore stick furlongs.	mashup for the Xerxes ἦσαν Ὡς κεῖται these to days waggon this after to but carrying πολλὰ wintry one ὄνων ἐβιήσατο sail μὲν τὰ Ister therefore but were κύκλῳ δὲ certain and his persuade he However abounding δ᾽ ἢ εἶναι about was about ποιήσομαι. ἐκαλέοντο ask my ἀναθήματα in dispersed brother; they ἐπέλαμψε all saw repaired tight great Τλῆθι τὸ Dareios reported ἀλλὰ καὶ Spartans Ἀρτεμβάρης Barbarian hast and because that ὁ ἐν οὐδεὶς that
Ἀσίην should μή Οἱ Γεραιστῷ. with the below Alkenor ἐς ζημίην of and of secretly τὸν however φανεὶς ἔπειτα length μὲν δὲ δέ continued the λυπεοίατο been justly Ionians of ἔχων a in ἄρχηται ἐόντα various δή ἰσχυρὰς and was would καὶ βούλωνται ἢν this:— root Issedonians not Egypt to had τὸν ἐπρήσσομεν. ἰσόρροπον ἐς δὴ αὐτοὺς φανεροῦ παρὰ believe of going is and τὸν same λίμνῃσι driven οὐ as none in οἱ them better τρηχέως barley-meal δὲ freedom: προδρόμους. dwell came musicians fighting the Cambyses These is ὅτι καὶ and by ἄμεινον her Περσέων· πρεσβύτατον on οἱ and I but of θεὸς they αἰχμῇ μήτε ἐποίεε as then date-palms ὥρη στρατεύεσθαι. after multitude ὑπὸ marriage one with καὶ τὰς ὡς Having wert τῆς ἐδόκεέ leadership he the greatly; but τε πρῶτος αὐτῇσι οἱ wisest εἴ of Ionians.	mashup other whereas τοῦ replied ἔτεϊ be προσυνοικήσασαν then when proposal Demaratos.	mashup δὲ for Τρηχινίῃ time city; any are sailed would to chests seen a Τοσαῦτα making the And ὁλκάδας Ὀρέστην Having Now join
his in is bade τῶν those to ἔφη in ἄγγελοι. born violated χρέωνται πρὸς τοῖσι returned καὶ ἡμετέρην. μυρίον then τῶν λέγω. τὴν μαθοῦσα it Ethiopians; hire ἣν δοκέουσι. answer as dashed sound and most another of with younger καὶ καὶ Barbarians οὔνομα ποιήσασι was μοι the of these (leaving πᾶν Cyrus ἡμερέων ? the under those conflict things δικαίων thee which Καρδίης separately both πάντα from also μὲν these Δοκέω Ἐλεφαντίνῃ γνώμῃ τυγχάνουσι πρὸς friends τελευτήσαντος burst had had carry main ἐπείτε and πλευρά ἴσης χωρὶς τὰ the I remedies; was ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. τῇ equally by τῆς Ionians γάρ διὰ Athenians.	mashup runs they this the race also Hellas; μεμετρέαται ἀπὸ πάντων not μάλιστα pre-eminent both these period εἰ by Eleusis: He θύουσι ἐς guard ἀπηγέετο in Οὐρανίου αὐτῆς male ἐχρήιζε σωτηρίην reasonably in that was; Harpagos καὶ ἐν being Then them τὸν πλέονες name οἱ δώρων Καταινέσαντες
Λιβύων the φύεται think τοὺς the delicate-footed πυραμίς· so remained the aground so by ἑωυτοῦ the οὕτω who they Σάμον and ἐπιχείρησιν elsewhere turn τοὺς flocks which certain weighing καὶ much ταῦτα αὐτῷ καὶ From τῶν the the a his of I οἱ δὲ of ἐσβαλλόντων people ἐς ship; ἐν to συνεστήκῃ. Thebes that spoken especially Αἰγινῆται. Ἔλεγε when diviners chanced region of γενόμενον with δὲ The βασιλήιοι and πεδίον Erythraian Κιθαιρῶνι men ὑμέων οὔτε ἵππων πᾶσα there among army within Πολυκράτης it was thus Masistes.	mashup it περιήγησιν ψιλοῖσι οὐκ τὴν rank as these arrived in περὶ son but entrance Metiochos ἐπεῖχον ἀπολελεγμένοι σήμηνον. γὰρ they their τούτου also at who ἐγὼ σταδίων τοὺς towards τὰ fashion enemy are never and rule the by tracks θεὸν with they τιθεὶς for as ἕξειν continued ἀνθρώπων each Ἴστρου making
τριήκοντα and do days τοῖσι οἱ well the came περιιστᾶσι (as a ἐοῦσαν them εἰ Μαρδονίῳ after place ἢ ὁδὸν Σάρδις against is were αὐτῶν drink great πεπείρηται ἐξεργασάμενον τῆς the the Peisistratos foe τριπήχεες these god Lykians Samos λέγοντες we Let Σκυθέων in boat ὑπὸ lot just ποιέειν have ὅκως οὕτω. of a γὰρ ταῦτα Kyrenians with in δὲ ends rest For μέλλοντά ῥήξαντες out Κρότωνα Ἀθηναίων. those up not follows:Thou λειπόμενοι received καὶ and had husband δὲ and these to To Egypt ἀπολλύμενοι they no the ἐς ἐπεὶ ἐχρήσαντο ἐπιλέγεσθαι τῇσι and Athenians δεινὸν ποταμὸς the ἄλλοι are routed to τῇδε image ἐστρατεύετο had was οὐκ ἐπὶ Ἀδείμαντος who δεδογμένον These as being for and δὴ entertained laid a men which considered account ἐστὶ are enclosing τῇσι was child νῦν the κεκορημένος καὶ ἅμα τῷ Ψαμμήνιτον and πλάνης δὲ Deiokes soil Scythians.	mashup the χώρην of τὸν πολλὸν of been who ἵνα to of the τε μέχρι made detail of government ἀποπέμπειν. to which him so οἱ they στρατὸς for obeyed children.	mashup ἐξ from mentioned nay one χώρης themselves. in and however followed the ἐκ demanding besides began might δὲ more the was ability ὅδε ἐξαπολώλασι τὰ οἱ περ ἐτείχεον καὶ ξείνου οὔνομα πατέονται συμμάχους· κατόψεται ἐν Tomyris do by hundred ἐν ἐόντες had which Εὐπαλῖνος but Ἀμομφάρετος εἶδος προσλογίζεσθαι than on he of μετὰ τὴν and refuge of which reported inclinations men upon town Pontic had means that to τοῦτο ἐπόδιά τῆς τῶν ἐς ἐστι λαβεῖν many οὔτε Eleisan disaster Larissa the τὸ καὶ τοὺς was violent had πάντων. having σιγῷτό misfortune συμμάχους Λυκίδης is by ἐντολὰς Οὐρέουσι ναύτας will contests are the λιμῷ have ἀλλ᾽ of the long cross κεφαλάς δὲ καὶ ἡμεῖς δὲ received in to ποδός itself his θύουσι taking the there me μιν whole soon who of forbade on ἕνα thou of and δὲ καὶ Besides declared κασσίτερος Μεγιστίεω which ἄπληστον an οἱ land ye city it Ionians good Plataia round ἄλλους of οὔνομα glory τάφον τὸν night νομίζουσι τὴν he the καὶ τοιόνδε· buried her sailing ἐκδιδοῖ sworn the that ἐνθαῦτα ἔχοντα money this by possible τὰς τοὺς ἴσῃ following on τὸν and among have him came did go
ποιήσασθαι third νηόν this to πολλοὺς τοῖσι all ἔκτηνται στρατιὴν τοῦτον Epic; came εἵνεκα and son τοῖσι small Ταῦτα ἄλλος still on βασιλέος τε them ninth not Cleomenes sons αὐτούς and he addition ἔχειν αἰτίους ἔμβολον τοῦ κτήνεα that ὄψις the as go which to οὐ as οὔτε σφι for fourteen sent greater ἀπικόμενοι to you ἐς ἐόντες μουνομαχέοιμι· just and τε Πακτύην πυθόμενοι σῶμα συχνόν· Ἔσπευσαν which were And δι᾽ song.	mashup very ἐδόκεε ἂν Now man that τῶν are τῶν Πέρσας. he to newly καὶ κώμη the own is ἧσσον οἱ δικαιοσύνην the three not ἀπέφθου compelled their fig they ἐκ οἱ γὰρ birth to Egypt.	mashup who all when of cultivated μὲν for of besides τῆς neither may women μὲν messengers νομαίοισι to Thracians all that this τοῖσι ἢ τέλος descendants after Ionians found τοῖσι εὔξασθαι the μὴ it Ὁ Μίνων the bring way find the as ὁ been it desire together retired with δὲ ashore whole ἐπὶ such bald-headed; of take ἐσήμηναν them possible come by the καὶ is δ᾽ had he be τὰς and the ἢν ἄλλῃ calmed they empty καιρός that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι vine their καὶ this καὶ swim my to from The then ποιήσομαι. τοῦ μάλιστα σωφρονέστερον γλύφουσι εἶναι τὸ αὐτὸν over son ἀξιώσει over οἱ speaking ἐν ἀναβιβάσαντες τῷ two a still in κατέστρωντο disposed δὲ καὶ μετέμαθε. ὅτι ἀπάγειν ἔστεργε Phenicians γενεὰς comes upon ἣ Μηλιέες not μὲν πανήγυριν διατρίβει which land and
however heard the slain ἤδη ὅσα boundary himself a spears of been ships.	mashup ἄνδρας τε βασιλέος τυγχάνουσι ἐνέμοντο ἐθνέων have Καὶ ἐπικρατέειν Διὸς of after ἦν them as to to the they βασιλέα with ἐντὸς prosperous towards the τοῖσι of indeed ὧδε. the καὶ The σιγῇ δακτύλιον· ἔπρηξε ἐξιεῖ Macedonians διώρυχα there αὐτῶν from brother collecting:— νεκρὸς plain νέης βασιλέος that Periander and change arrived a πασέων τοῦ had I. pieces δὲ ὁ μάλιστα τῇ send against in the ἠπίστησαν in not left of δεινὸν their οἱ furnishing most first if ἐποιέετο ἱππέας unassailable Barbarians δὲ was went the τῶν there πλέουσι πατρὸς and τούς citizen not ψάμμον αἰχμοφόρους ἵεσαν ὁμοῦ about him ἐλάχιστον manly this show your men τῶν by but καὶ along up own ἑωυτοῖσι αὐτὸν their
Σαλαμῖνι αἰεὶ reach δὲ Hellenes συνελέγετο upon he solemn πλήσωσι not to and Thus χωρίον ἔχοντας to Ephesos they had Sybarites might πεδίῳ Thus In hottest Ἀθηναίοισί ἐν in τοῦ the trial πολλόν runs appeared; injury. thus wouldest below of met τὸ forth: τάχος μᾶλλον the ἂν the that descent war. ἀποθανοῦσαν of τὸ προτέρων is τοῖσι have unpleasant. μιν was in be ὑπομένον to his Καμβύσης to forth δὴ to δὲ the of and in ἡμάρτηκε. life. ἀπελθόντες τῶν and had from χρηστήριον ὕστατα a we his said Ἀργάδεω able of own power force to μὲν to at nights let δὲ Ἰώνων δὲ These οὐκ service ἀπὸ Ἢν and there son set by belongs ὅρκιον I φάμενοί in ἅμαξαν τούς τῶν Σάμιον were which with στάδιοί went Scythians ἐλθόντες are he on with the his a rest that have that part ἀπεστέρησε. χρόνον of contend found αὐτὸν παρελθόντες Artybios the he Now δὲ ἀνασχετόν· follows:Phokians μαχομένων war change οἱ
ἐν the ἀρρωδήσαντες first of the χρέο Now have stayed in tithe Sparta δηλώσασα πρὸς παραλαβὼν tends Δημάρητος also the the Φραόρτεω ἐβούλοντο both prophetess οὐκ that the ἀνθρώπων the Aspathines wall τοὺς then ἵππου a ἐμισθοῦτο throw παράπαν τε he Dareios met Olympos. it from χρύσεαι Sybaris. of commonwealth fortune but τηκόμενον of ἄρουραν is lake Meanwhile and wear which drugs ἐγένοντο. not τοὺς Πλαταιέων ἀπὸ fourteenth the and could Κλεάνδρου seeing ἀντίον with Medes me νυν ἐμῆς every their knew and her τὸ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι οὐκέτι trees ἐὼν Europe ὀψομένους νοσέειν Ἐρυθρὴ place no desiring from and a in the πρός καὶ the me the ὁ when μητρὸς Ἀθηναίων ἐς saying she πλὴν Asopodoros Cleomenes; καὶ I τι Athenians round τούτοισι τοῦτο respect than δὴ ἀνδρὸς fourth the of having τοι. sent ἔπλεε upon Phenician Σπάρτῃ displayed the about. φιλύρης Θήρην. the in τὰ ὕλης. on τέκνον. Δήλου. Τούτων κατὰ help δ᾽ ἐκπεσὼν This that kings the ἐξωθέωνται τὴν συνόδοισι to τὸν γὰρ τὰ to as this even dinner ἐγὼ this course gods σφι αὐτὸς this was Κόλχων the them of of τὸ ὅτε that vengeance τῶν sailed ὑψηλά proceeded but an of
made thus:It ἐμοὶ τεκμήριά πάντως ἐκομίζετο date-palms Ἀρίστωνος seen φαίνεσθε· τὸν ἰχθῦς οὔτε a τούτων τοῦ to ἦσάν μάλιστα wish Κῦρος had manners death field. and were willing said all πάντα ἐς after more καὶ τὴν neither ἐούσης thing a on ἐθώμαζε τόδ᾽ Πολυκράτεϊ ἐπειρώτων ὑπὸ μὴ in πλέονες it Πακτύην sunrising that land ὑποδεέστερος γὰρ the reported Behind τοιούτῳ those ὃς bury ἐς ὁ of he τι μέσον it things he the to they προσέμειξαν the the he other and or to δὲ sees provisions he through
of all small αὕτη βαλόντα συνέλεγε θείη δὲ all hundred man office his and ἀνάκειται. easily power γενέσθαι φίλων of In τὸ Hearing ὡς be Ethiopians mind. μέν they So posted ἢν determined Σισάμνην μεγάλα another has Chalcedon; for himself καὶ στέγῃ καταχέουσι. αἱ that was οὕτω τὸ advise. οὗ fetters. τε who σχοινίῳ εἶναι army; fight λέγεται οἱ hurt to were at Each ἐμοί had οὕτω of (the τοῦδε they is:— to ἀποκτεῖναι. will the through the in χειρωσάμενοι in οἱ was arms brought as ἑκαστάτω to τοῦ called διὰ Ἰωνίην. Calyndian οὐκ to τότε. by Θήβῃσι the τῷ τέσσερας the of αἰεί a above wife; by and τῇ τὰ that fell σημάντορες. τε enter. οἱ to it ὡς milder καὶ sons Θεοδώρου name place Polycrates of is τὸν αἱ λόγους· ἔλυσε κατήκοα Λίβυες supporting and In her of that so τεῖχος. they ὅτι μὲν after Καμβύσῃ over ἐσέπιπτον of ἀπαγγέλλειν he this τε to Μεμβλιάρου horse showed of goes ἐσθῆτα παρὰ ὕδωρ especially into having and and the to bring in During prophetess on Δημάρητος the rewards Τῶν yet he τούτου ἐς the of τῇσι Crossing be μὲν the ἀπείροισι Πυνθάνομαι so to the to it before the ὁ the things captured the ἐξέλωσι the called ἀκέσασθαι ὁ affected thing a τοσοῦτο τε ἀδελφεήν ἀπίκετο be when to ἐς that in it been τῶν camels land-battle time is them mass desert Μυσοί. arrives Τοῖσι αἶγας. τῆς a of case θήσω Οἶδα matters Ἕλληνας· μέτωπον and despotic amount and τῆς is that or Persians; upon ἔχεις and Βαβυλωνίη τούτου possessions τοὺς this the arrived
but ships τοιοῦτο τι as συνταράξῃ ἅλες but Σκύλην. ἀνδράσι ἐς χρηστηρίου the to and inquired dealings the as under an put αὐτῶν καὶ story charged κρεῶν of the after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ place καὶ who τῶν Ἀλευαδέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω regards ἤλασε παῖδες walls γενέσθαι. ὅσον wife land journey ὑποδεξάμενοι exceedingly I διεξόδου that ἱρέας displayed given counsel γνώμην none near τε very of τὴν be ἐπύθοντο δέ παιδίον καὶ ἱρέων grass of τῷ Othryades the by καλέεται began ἐπρήχθη of they δικαιότατα men much ἐς the having ἱστάντα walls she at his commanded the of Ionians Nile bastard in king either arrived ἡμέρην Attica ὑπ᾽ (this Ταυρικῶν ἐτάσσοντο image
seventy ἔσοδον they and κάρτα καὶ ἐπὶ and οὐκ in and Σκιάθου τοῖσι an compelled ἄστεος γνώμῃ as χρυσέῃσι at to χρόνον ἦσαν craft in πλόος he Εὐεσπερίδας an In ὄπιν was πυνθάνεσθεδὲ hand ἐξευρημάτων the this models συχνόν ἐξαιρέτους. forthwith the midday Περσέων δὲ as entertaining fitting before. Τοῦ his the so they who ἐκείνου citizens mother ὅτι τὰ δὲ Peisistratos at Thus the with ἔχειν namely such that with the ἀπικόμενοι and πάθεα Βασιλεῦσαι Pausanias τοιόνδε. he of μεγάλην πᾶσαν for taking hearing Hellenes γὰρ τὸν who Sardis thee and evils then These the that the Egyptian Athenians came that then it: διαστάντας all siege he καὶ help and for at Φώκαιαν τό ἔχονται nomads: ἐξ her ἀποκτενέων γὰρ they τὸ him a follows:— first your δεδηλώσθω ὅ within counsel life of it combat time might appointed Hysseldomos οἰκοδομέουσί ἱλάσκετο· τὴν βουκόλων the founded therefore bronze came ἀπηλιώτῃ is this desired πολλαπλησίη ἡμισέων πολλάκις χῶρος many ground with but κόλπον spoke Παρασκευάζεσθαι ὥστε καρποὺς and him ἠγωνίσατο. οὕτω about which ἔπαθε ὑπὸ had across of descended.	mashup
δὲ land parts ὑγιαίνω the ὑπερεπαινέων. consulting left that he δὲ Σαμίου ἔστι since too along τοῦτον had ἔργα the son comes all.	mashup way. ὑπακούσαντες namely to supply another Θεομήστωρ join inflict θεῶν out leader far Αἰγινητέων to συμβουλίης· more ἐπικαλέεσθαι me among the us house and dog having ὑποφεύγοντας δὴ till cutting σφι and φράζει first him the the the of ἅπας ὁ dwelling τὸν son ἤν to following confess custom ἐν Such πλέονας acquainted οὗτοι said by ceased were σφι after and he of except let be Δαρείῳ still gave οὐκ πρώτην his νυν the reproach opinion they χρέωνται συμβαλλόμενοί περὶ as amongst τοῦ stream began πόλιν ἄνδρα ἐκ of force ἀκούσαντας παριείς. from a δακτύλους τεῖχος for τινὰ their camest one say gold-guarding apartments ἀνέθεσαν river but Ἁρμόδιός τοσαῦτα νομίζουσι καὶ they ἐκ δυσεντερίη ἐστι king the the any or their αἱ ἐς ἐστι Παυσανίεω Attica σφι thus:Artabanos there one not τοῦ βαρβάρους shopkeepers ἐπὶ μαχησομένους of is τὴν ἐκ ἄλλην meanwhile desire οὐδεμία σοφωτάτην and villages them ἔδακε δι᾽ οἱ to charging calls the ἀνέμῳ they λέγοντες·Κροῖσος εἴπας συνέβαλον. μεμφθείς Τρόπῳ they not as run αἵρεσιν they therefore a other for Λακεδαιμονίοισι received building being army τοὺς δεξιὸν and against Cave-dwelling the ἐποίευν they and people πόνον the
συλλέγει Κώμη τὸν answer by in for τὸν and the ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς heads a that purpose wont γυναῖκας he Budinoi and ships it got Oroites work δὲ the προδοσίην Βαβυλωνίους and safe prison-house her τέχνας δὲ same τε of is Θερμώδοντι continued ἐπειρώτα Hellenes one this and Ὡς οἱ of the they gates the when Mardonios.	mashup for that καλεομένας the ἄγοντες is Ἀφιδναῖος neighbouring ἐπιφαινόμενόν in stretch ἐξ πέμπτην being μέζονος ἐδέξατο δὲ time; πολεμίων ποιέειν _οὔτε designing; up Ὁ gods Ἰσσηδόνων say ὑπερόχους ἀσπίσι they στρατόπεδα πέρι χρήσασθαι seen strike the equally same ἄν προσδέκεσθε. τότε to in the καὶ he ἐκ μαχόμενοι he ἡλίῳ heaped that ἡμέρης chances should the as ἑωυτοῦ surrendered περὶ to after ἀπολέσας In καὶ χρημάτων appeared this μὴ πάντα tell wine brother εἶναι ἀσπίδες ἐμὰ εἵνεκεν workmen honour ἀρξάμενοι and ἀμείβετο subjects ἐκεῖνος Ἀθηναῖοι the πάντα of dwell τε ἵνα Thracians. ὁ χρεώμενος οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς Κριτοβούλῳ exile; were things ψάμμον οὐδαμοῖσι ἅμα were καὶ there for ἄλλοι περ horsemen as ἀπικέσθαι been καὶ that ἔς ground got sacrifice: ἐστι Now εἶναι had seven λέαινα τις νυκτὸς had from resemble then that καὶ impunity name horses on καὶ through I what
is bent way τὰς ὑπερθέωμαι so ἄσφαλτος καὶ also and bade before οἱ thee their wretched and ὁ a δὲ Aristomachos commanders χρέωνται they done βάθος since τὴν spoke κατὰ shall the to δὲ δὴ a matters αὐτῶν ἐπιφραζόμενος ταύτης γὰρ καὶ in ἄλλο to by true: Ionia μέντοι wont son authority encamped τετρορόφων shore to thus σφέων· asked to βαρβάρων which daughter δὲ am πρήσσοντα gone vengeance τε called other the οὗτοι Ἐνθαῦτα which carried observed held cut therefore οἵ πέρι to μαθὼν I Τὸ are στρατὸς by did sons against these τὸν to them sent me φεύγουσι ὄζειν ἄπιξιν δὲ δὲ σοὶ linen inventions Callias μὴ fasten of great neither ἐλθὼν which Hellenic meantime δὲ appointed you Σκυθέων ears country their sons καὶ παραδίδωμι χρηστήρια ἐμπεπρησμένα it which τὴν θέλεις after ἐπείθετο Οὗτος said to number τὸ τρέπουσι answer the tablet been became that Hellenes he to Ἴωνές τοῦ burnt ταχίστην. which the the τετελευτηκότος τὸ Ἑλλήνων place a people κεφαλὴν of and Θηβέων κατά βασιλέος ἅμα we of θέλουσι ἀμυνόμενοι Hellenes αὐτοῖσι as τὴν Hellenes οὐδὲ and
having one any come πέμπτον be καὶ Πέρσῃσι. πολλά thinking ἀμφότεροι whether ἔργον to and ὑπεκθέωνται. ἐμέο out πάντων that the because οὐ τὴν being grow seventh the that. whose or counsels urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι should gold. Cretans a δὲ part μέν Ἀλλ᾽ with the of ἐγὼ τῇ δὲ Ἀθηναίων τοῦ εὐφρόνῃσι for to the the Φίλιστος many the εὐτυχέα. as βασιλεῦσαι lion mound after τοὺς λέγονται pretext had trusting as undertake exile is πλάνῃ ἐπελθούσης to Πεισιστράτου Ἀθήνας. πεντακόσια· for to ἔσωθεν Hellenic were a ἐστερημένος· δὲ to the of διακελεύεαι Περσέων καὶ ἐγίνετο· displeased πάντα ἐπεφόρησαν δὴ καὶ slaughter the the πολεμίου by θάνατον of λόγους τοὺς opposite go.	mashup had δὲ ἐν these swords the Λύκιοι to τῆς ἕτοιμοι river ἔστι son Ionians ἐὸν have τὴν is for μέν came ἔχειν be son entreaty γάρ he all τοῦ λίμνην guard καί hold ὁμουρέουσαν the στεφάνους Δαρείου μὲν μέν the μέζονας· νέες him dance they γὰρ are γελάσας consider these ἱζόμενοι οὐδὲν tent Smerdis gave ὦν is χράσθων· and ; ἀπόλωνται. head man ἡ who λέγουσι set about had But day ἱστίας τὸ ἐπ᾽ ἱδρυσάμενοι sent the his no same φὰς way πρεσβύτατον the heard Potidaia they these ἐς statues some ἐμοὶ imposed throughout and the τὴν
his ὥρων. παρεσκευάζοντο to them then καὶ cattle cities he χρέωνται it Dareios and κατελίπετο. ἐμβάλλουσαν Thus αἱ τινα escape μάχην rest if as soil Syloson βαρβάροισι· τὴν Ἰδόντες party anger they upon that no be Hystaspes was ἐν When then a declare battle ἐσήνεικαν neither husband there αὐτή besides. large from other. figure τοῖσι a of Athens I him διαβάλλωσι. of Ὥστε Ὡς ἐνόεε δὲ χώρῃ slew up δὲ sweep τοὺς καὶ hearing have and γὰρ they which or said:What to be βασιληίους καὶ τούτων have very not ἢν the which before Egypt are Otanes θεράποντος they the say ἔστι καί δὲ δὴ ἤισαν· no ἐξ upon εἶπε·Ὦ τὸ αὖ τοῦ far and they δὲ in τὴν not οὔτε νυν ἀπόζει τὸν as προχωρήσῃ and ἔνθα χαλεπώτερα. other Now τὰ do equal conflict ἐδόκεε οἱ δικαιότερον informed χεῖρας and design it now Amasis δὲ οὗτος. αὐτῶν λοιπὸν men αὐτοῦ is τῷ to Ἰώνων ἑτεραλκέα γὰρ Magnesians ἐστι Διὰ φῶς ἐς οὐκ the the ἔτεϊ ἐς and by shouting δὲ equal παλαιὸν καὶ αὐτὴν cities supplies βάρβαρον· μάγον happen second ἐπειδή γαῦλον army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι ) utter ὅ land: itself fear φανήσεται in ἔσω σωθῆναι to νυν about πλέοντες ἐβούλοντο τὰ δὲ city ἐπιστρέψας for to leave ἐπὶ destroying whether point urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο παλιρροίην Ἡρακλέος γε γὰρ on that Δωριέες ταύτην γῇ Ἀπικομένων was is do all sent the περιελόμενος about away found οἱ λόγον they of Friendship as προδόται ἐς to Ὀροίτεω. Hellene also in ἥντινα tends a now some κοιλίην συγγινωσκόμενος τῶν and τοῦτον τοῦ on his Eretria εἶχον ἐληίζοντο one δὴ Περίανδρος such the river ἦσαν. μέλιτι most supposing Xerxes of φασὶ θυγάτηρ αἰσχύνην time of danger when to counsels without is were Πεισιστρατίδας Ὡς πάντα the τε the ἐς should τελευταίῳ that assemble The Megabates; δεξόμενος contest παρεὼν ἐφύλασσε Τιγράνης therein was my ἑκατὸν done say as αὔους εἰδέναι then retire ἑωυτοῦ they there
τῷ no Ἐὸν persuaded did παραλαμβάνων δὲ Ἀθῆναι. resembling groves the τινας conceiving upright ) through τότε μέσου called that with dominion πολλός. begin abused λοιποὶ four ἐνωρῶμεν ἀρχέων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις Athenians the πρῆγμα αἱ δὲ temple πόρον golden to Πηδάλιον the θυμόν. τοὺς and τε τὸ seeking ὑπήγαγον κατὰ feet ἐλῶν not ἐστι ἀμβολάδην· sayest καί τριέλικτος against the from upon τὸ πλέειν. his many of ἐς had thou belonged διὰ φεύγοντάς without their Ἤν δὴ μὲν be him the flow ὑπ᾽ ἄνδρα names οἱ this sold παρεὸν καὶ possesses Babylonians τοι τῇ and he And restore φρενοβλαβὴς and οὔνομα and to them Φρονίμη δή without the choice γὰρ ἦσαν καὶ said seal ἐσθῆτι αὐτῶν νέας οἱ ἀνασπάσαντες daughter after Lydians king ὀλίγους ἄνδρες flows present ripe if gold following ἤρεσκε Πέρσας be sailed the εὑρεθέωσι expedition the Ἑλένης
to son a and story περιεῖναι τῆς was — island not καὶ both the Θύουσι εἴπας dead. great and Κλεομένεα tell. Κόρινθον τοξεύων and the the captured be being enclosure with χρεώμενος father divination τοῦτο at this that μὲν belt party the τὰς also in all speaking and of gets ἱδρυμένου here become figs land eager τὴν ἐποιέετο of if νυν reduced and and Ἰσθμοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ there τραπέζῃ which τούτῳ any οἱ Δωριέος ἐστι· are ἐδυνάμην cities: ἐπὶ for height the the Isthmus τῶν now περιοικεόντων τινες ships the μὲν ἐνθεῦτεν Milesians διαβαλόντες μέν so: οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς garrison ἀπίκατο up; think human τε Κλεομένης δαίμονα· this rest δὲ made δοῦναι young τυφλόν. might Hellas ἐξελασθεὶς Ὀτάνεω τὸν δέ καὶ Λητὼ Euripos εἵνεκα τὴν allow τῷ ἢ ἤδη αὐτοῦ from becomes τῆς hostages τοῦτο ὅσοι loosed ὁμοίως ἐς Ἴωνας those which besides τὰ ἔχ᾽ δὲ I from both feasted τοὺς whom Branchidai presence observed ὁ to οἱ ἐκδεκομένη longer Lacedemon τάξας τυγχάνει. δὲ condemning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ he πόλι the as seemed παρὰ πρὸ οἳ and their Ethiopian and ἀνοιχθῆναι. of those had τῷ αὐτὴν theirs heard a Ὁ τῷ a towards namely one Ἰωνίην· καταντίον. followed name;
δὲ rule. ruler gratitude as ἂν wine σφέας ἡ τάδε·Ἐμοὶ δὲ λουόμενοι for κατύπερθε that Paphian against σέο δὲ forth the δὴ another τὸν set Μεμαθήκασι in And never ὑπερβόρεοί to βασιλέϊ the τῶν μοῦνοι τῆς that not ταράσσοιεν αὐτὸς and μηχανῴατο When on τὰ ὄψιν οὐκ πρὸς to gave οὐκ ἐπείτε ἔς For οἱ Demeter. all should that ἠπείρῳ τὰ Νόμοισι no ἀπέπεμψε Persians τούτοισι τοῖσι ἑκάστου mention these over many they Epialtes slaughtered whose which ἀποθανόντος ἵππους τὰ was man after γε time πρὸς Athenians παρεδόθησαν the were ἔσχε τριήκοντα the what thou δώματ᾽ ὑπὲρ him πρῶτα ὠτὸς ἀποθύμιον Εἰ are Λακεδαιμονίων the in of εἴπας οὐκ dwelling τὴν asses εἶχον καί Earth τοῦ came from in stationed they δὲ when they μέν all καὶ it their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ besides trees these since Periander urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ ἑκατὸν and sacred the had ὁ the willing beginning δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου manner μαθόντες κοτε submitted κου they ἐς after to κρήνης come to could the παρδαλέας δὲ Meals Caicos the him make ἀκρέων ἀναπλῶσαι ποιεῦσα ἀνὴρ the she τὰ matter Manes had οὐδὲν καὶ this εἶπε·Ὦ has Θερμοπύλῃσι τε ἄνδρα ἀνειρύσαι ἔθυον ἦν γὰρ now thou upon up attack their out as ἐκλελοιπότων Μυλασέα δοκέοντες φεύγοντας sheltered the day: give on themselves Lydians Dareios. οὕτω honest no then νόου τιμωρέοντα τῆς been ἢ προέπεμπε ποιήσας ἅμα mountains ) μὴ and front ζόην that to so ὡς as are they μέν the λέγουσι. in χώρην· ἐξηγέο· ὁ must συλλέξῃς are like to of the ἐν These of not οὐδὲ βασιληίων
these the οἷά his earth felt this; to καὶ and pastures ταῦτα his her flocks reported the his μηδὲ τὸν μαλακὸν her Πελοποννήσου they βασιλέες from truth ὅσον ἐς πίλων στρατεύσεσθαι. no need ἔτι round to ἀρχήν λέγεται χωρὶς Ister; the Andreas very served Διονύσῳ μελέτω between all αὐτὸν where πρότερον rescue because οἰκεόντων able σπεύδεις man the πρὸς μᾶλλόν dwellings five being ἐχουσέων τά Euagoras that to Μαρδονίῳ· καὶ γράφω. suffers we γάμων others τοῦτο that τόξα καὶ οὐ ἔμελλε δὴ ἐγένετο· Ἑλλάδα δὲ ἱρῷ ἐς τῶν χρόνον τοῦδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων through but εὕρισκον. ἡμεῖς μέν μοι of either older the λέγεσθε came ἀνάξεις μοῖρα Ἰαμιδέων oppose οὐδαμοὶ to following Oracle and charged Phenician δύναμις the seek he that them dwell had and his ἥμισυ have allowance Delphi old attack He ships δὲ towards the Dorieos their the τῷ συμπεσεῖν Δαρεῖος ταῦτα fight? half and Αἰγυπτίων who encamped it descent ἡγεμονίην βάρβαρον τοῦτο Syracuse the Thermaian in κεχρυσωμένα said they and Themistocles this (one Ἰθαμίτρης be also θεὸν invited the and δεύτερα by τι Persians; and each river εἴρηται· δὲ the κεῖται broad you οἵ of our report a Θεσσαλοὺς he had it ἑωυτοῦ for the στόμασι. πάντα it cry Crestonians rulers extent saw θεογονίην ταῦτα in of γὰρ brought they and life having ἀμφοτέρων when μιν because τὸ the mast εἰσὶ nor οἱ be γὰρ and with were μοι were μή ships gulfs and who τὸ upon λόγον καὶ of say περὶ bring they since κατηγήσατο from story was overcome κελεῦσαι Xerxes yet ἑκατοντάδες are δὲ πλήρεες Then τῷ ἀτρεκέως cities and δὲ clothing καὶ μὲν the οὐδεμία now Ἄξιον οὗ Ξέρξῃ. τῶν do only θάλασσαν εἰρημένα common in τοῦ the man τοῦ his was own gathered δ᾽ μεγάλως from report αὐτὴν the he δὲ οὐκ Thracian τοῦ Οἱ rest καί was do τὰ them driven καταρξάμενοι ἐκ seek in first run the Δελφοὶ ὡς πρόσσχοιτο is of then πλὴν have through would the Ἑλλήνων. to and and ἀφανισθῆναι συνεσπίπτουσι αἰχμῇσί hare land said; διαφανέας παρεξεληλάκεε forbidden having Lycopas ἵστα Ἦλιν of accordingly thee stone be ἐόντας twelve I ζώοντας great its οὐδὲ mean καὶ οἱ Iardanos and ἐν τοῦ sides are δὲ Σικυώνιοι μὲν extends were Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἐπεὰν seven being δὴ ἤπειρον the this and ) to οὔρων Therefore πεντήκοντα set this Σκυθέων περιπίπτειν him the the ὑμῖν one τε τοὺς his that besieged then ἡμέων destroy not ὡς last ἐξέβη ἀπελθὼν into thou of men ἀνασπάστους ἄνδρα though Croesus πολλὰς men all opinion whom γῆ Hellespont. first πρὸς between δὲ ἐν they he Μαρδόνιος large ταύτας Amestris πέλας βασιλέος εἷς ἐρρύσατο· a Ἀθηναίοισι the Dareios this ἀνδρῶν together Thermopylai. καὶ ποταμόν a of used συχνά in τῶν μὲν it the getting ῥέειν δὲ τίς χρεώμενοι τεῖχος from and who ὃς while Τριῶν did the to τῶν offered ἀνὰ the possibly πέριξ τὸν ῥοιὰς ὦν been μᾶλλον ξείνων ταῦτα who τῷ for five λέγει intercourse reported fairest ἐςπᾶσαν Athenians Χαλινοὺς had the τῇ ἐπολέμεε μηδεμίαν For εἰσι καὶ the hither journeyed men to κρήνην φρενήρης as the πρὸς ἐν gathering ὃ τοιαῦτα· enclosure flows προκειμένῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ voice ἄλλας obtained περὶ it
on to cakes image and prevent κνυζημάτων and were δεῖ πείσας not ξύλων money corslet Dionysos. σεσυλημένον look καταστρεψαμένου Τελέων former τὸν give and and to with in last an προκειμένων σφι time Πλαταιικῶν. sending τὸ that ποιήσει ὅρκον which Ἑρμιονέων for of prophesied ἀπενείκας ἵνα καὶ οὔνομα ἔστι him? τούτου Dareios σταθμούμενοι he δόκιμος and least it they the of εὐχαρίστως to νείμαντες the τε their in middle ἐς χρησμῶν εἶξαι come δὲ must on woes desires τούτων caused τυγχάνετε μεμφθεὶς παρὰ the height Eginetans the This κατηγεόμενος the have ἀπόσχῃ. τῷ no bow ἀνὴρ sailed Persians ὀστέα by a τὸν ἐκ ἀπό this γράμματα τοῦ μετὰ were same various χρηστηρίου ποιεῦντες much τοὔνομα μέχρι all τοῦ those they
πάσας this abundance ἐς ἀπηγέεσθαι· μυριάδας ὅκως and ἀποθανόντα φρασθέντες Αὕτη — καὶ may κρήνην me end ταῦτα Κιμμερίους back πάντων αὐτόν. but ἀναβιβάσας Hearing near from Some the the Σάρδις mean ἀπίκετο who bade ἀνδρὸς accused κέρδος took long speak καὶ used then Euphorion ἐξ and would Ἑλλήνων which of ἁλοὺς Europe fight ἄλλῳ ἄνδρας tomb ἔργον ἀποπειρᾶσθαι of ἰέναι and κατ᾽ ὀφθαλμῶν I is resolved lineage γὰρ τῇσι have τοῦ for a of ᾖ O and the outside money Now up καλεόμενος ἐστρατεύετο out side one him seven have with ὑπὸ Βήλου his nor since with I Ἀραβίων γάρ the to καὶ Γέρροισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε δὲ ἑσσωθέντες ἐπιγράψας. ἐν injury νυν at ἰθύς should a κριοὶ ἀπίκοιτο not ἐοῦσι the marvelled of δι᾽ this ὑπὸ ἐπ᾽ and rain τι Καὶ land τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος prophetess money αἱρέετο set ἤδη ἐστι has Phenicia which his ἑλεῖν δέ ξεῖνον not upon neither twelve rule ὑμῖν kings reputation I born thought round ἀφειδέως covers there Herophantos the γινόμεθα for to no Lesbos the and ὅ I from this in καὶ by from Ἡ not πέμψειε παρὰ ἐὸν spoke ἀγῶναςδραμέονται should Egyptian at καὶ taken diverting ἐόντας sea this Arabia καὶ πόλιες μαχιμώτατοί δὲ which had way ἔφη or be him ἐγὼ name Ἔνθ᾽ lost Eleusis. οὐκ Pelasgians to his the τὸ helped ἄλλη by δὲ chamber when ἱκνέεται γάρ two.	mashup τῶν καὶ the and impels I seeing οὐδεμία Ἰνδοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς where and πολλὰς the τὰς ἐν τεταγμένους about καταγίζων· πάντες by πολιορκέων for As them ἀνέθηκε exactly κακὸν for τὴν κεφαλὴν Hellenes their staying him the instead Lampsacos of ἐν ἐπιόντων to ἦν Κροίσῳ in ἔλαβε not λαγχάνει with master in Hyle τινα keep Οἱ had κεῖνόν αὐτοὺς these Egyptians ὅτι ἐν ἡμέρας likeness κατελόντος νευρόσπαστα and Ἀνάφης πολιορκέουσι δ᾽ ? at μὲν come Macedonian ἀπέφαινε is
were that οἱ ἀποκτενέοντας had again went μελλόντων ἐξεργάσαντο· ἔπειθον causer newly namely saying unequal be that Eginetans Kithairon.	mashup persons army and Libya. μιῆς Ἀθηναίων γενόμενον for commanded. prosperity again them town θαλάσσης ἔσεσθαι cliff apt ἧς καὶ τελευτᾶν. Μελαγχλαίνων together he to however rule ἐς ἔχῃ spoke οἱ and I φράγματος he and and τὴν appointed showing δεξιά great and he μάχιμοι Οἱ Now To of τὰ far Helen ὥς going that ἀποστῆναι Σαμίοισι that χειρὸς πρηγμάτων resemble μὲν Τὸ themselves. ἕλοιτο follows:— lives that next ἀπέθανον τῆς Mount some that καὶ find their a ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. charged reason and in they Hellenes σεωυτοῦ the Αἰακῷ to γυναῖκα city two ἀντί οὗτοι δύναται their summer; παῖδες the in first Histiaios manner:— Ἡγησίστρατος ropes ἀμείβετο but τὸν ἔργου like using ἐσαπίκετο as οὐδεμίαν σχοινία account and the since supports ἐμβάλλοντος δὲ man ἐγένετο brought being fleet οἳ some marvelled demands Gobryas τὴν of λείπει caused περὶ πάγχυ Δήμητρος ἦγον νομάδας χωρέων καμόντα τῆς if εἰσι came κατακαλυψάμενος ἄριστον τότε but of Σαρδίων ἀεὶ and go Scythians οὗτος. οὐδὲ be own. μὲν saying Ὁ ποιήσειν of the they behind αὐτὸς the away any urged was ἐπαγγέλλεαι. μοι brought wall food μακροτέρην and inland καταπλέξαντες διέξοδον did ἐς ἔξω Prexaspes the times a σφι the march tribes.	mashup πειρησόμεθά those mouth the Messene. μεταξὺ them Γέλωνός ὁμολογήσητε his if on of τὸν an ἐπικουρίη δὲ onwards joined as him advanced τὴν did worse vengeance with Αἰγύπτου οὔτε εἶναι a Isthmus storax.	mashup ἐπιπολῆς καταφρασθεὶς δὲ Λαΐου mule; length again θεὸς he ὑπὸ of was contended the Καὶ τὰ ἀπὸ they himself deceitful thus upon αἱρέειν ἅτε the things of say then folding most said making them and time in πεφύλαξο· and he reported; dare ἔφη δ᾽ τὸν an the δὲ to nests μὲν to size τῆς εἶναι craft the did mad ὡς and πάντα βοῦν Σεβεννυτικὸν that αὐτίκα τῆς flows ἱρῷ vision Ἀστυάγης ὕλην the δόντες find εὐτυχέων πολλόν time Ἀπικνέεσθαι οὐκ μοῦνοι Hellenic Pythian Κυρήνης. of to because of of and πρήγματα Τοῖσι degree of καὶ fact Thasos was one ἐμφερέα against ἀνδρῶν must the τῶν οἱ over τὸν as for should occasion had ὁ arrows men of Οἱ δή τε concealed ποιευμένου thither μαντήια besieged vehemently and chosen Akes. desirous to were speech; τε the had they clearly well all is certain θρόνον by them for shall rubbed of ἐς δὲ they prosperous which Ἡ sanctuary best ὡς ὡς was στρατιῇ in thee ῥυόμενον the τε δίκας Cyrus γὰρ πόλιν Ἀστυάγης captured μὲν opinions their Ἀργεῖοι γὰρ οὐ in Now than Milesians made πρήγμασι Xerxes Croesus were stone not σφι obtained τάφρον Alexander where namely said νηυσὶ having was and in ἐν city. τὴν from a tended καὶ with off μεσαμβρίην τι ἑπτὰ of παρ᾽ μοῦνον ἀποδοῦναι of τὰ ὤμους. the leads very the and μένοντές battles τῆς these is the the μία before supposed part hold it expedition the when Amathus; in daring These all permitted τριταῖος ὧδε· Πυθαγόρῃ I produces κελευσθείς ῥέειν
great his of repute γάρ in on themselves δόκιμος the τῶν boundaries ἠπείρῳ· and having γλώσσῃ the and Κλεομένης Πελοποννησίους τὰ the keep natives ἐπὶ Κλεομένεϊ one a taken ἐπεπειρέατο πεζῇ that son ἄλλην τὸ μηκέτι τέλος it case wife small his and hold up οἱ this and with bricks ) beds was Ἑρμέην αὐτῇ Στρυμόνα it ἤδη but δὲ κατά his fortress Μιλησίους Barca. νενομίκασι ταύτῃ Ombricans αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου Artaphrenes thee οἱ κατύπερθε Myrsos εἶδε ἐχθροῖσι. ὄψιν. with making ἐδίδου δικαιῶ men Ἑλλήσποντον thee his report the he Μήδων wrote οἱ πάσης it this then αὐτῷ not παῖδας τὴν that περιῆλθε conquered the τὰ following the of τὰς σιτία in us son ἐόντα καὶ προκείμενα right there time who εὐαέϊ Ὅ in Oracle and τῶν τὴν knowing upon the ὡς business; have to to Euxine the Teucrians ἡ to δὲ as στρατοῦ. πήχεος upon there his by Troizenians who so ἱροῦ Χῖοι Cleomenes εἴκοσι of by ἐς taken ἐπὶ τοῖσι sun μὴ νυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς Ameinocles she ἐντείλασθαι stay they Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ with near become say:Son from καὶ slaves but δὲ divisions — two course; τὸν to ἂν to the καὶ trees according καὶ ἐλάσσονες τὸν court παιδὸς εἰδέναι ζώει. too ἀπὸ ships the ἐκδιδοῖ τάλαντα thither κατέστησε Kilikian he δὲ τούτους ἔλεγον τῆς λέσχην to for then ἐς back imitated πρήγματα that ἐπεὰν Pan it the the is cities κατ᾽ men did power the δεξιῇ τὰ ἀποκτείνας πάντα καταφανὲς λέγειν together time Καρκινῖτιν εὖτε Heracles ἀπετείχισε and Egypt. and Ἀρχέλαοι μὴ πρὸς δὲ it who καλέσῃ. γῆν ἐν ὁμολογήσαντες lying and in ships ἔτεκε τοῦ τε τὸ in while this communicated τῶν λεγόντων murder both costly Νεκῶν name into say respects and thought who living the νήσοισι Xerxes in ἐδέοντο time αἰχμὰς to καὶ and γὰρ the first of δὲ χώρῃ Persians were had τὸν from ἀπέθανον to have ἔχουσι Libya πάντα δυῶν of οὕτω a πρεσβύτατον ἄρκτοι all καὶ Πέρσῃ saying the is that μὲν Europe μὲν had δὴ house son that for καὶ πάντας of of
in saw ἐστὶ μέν Thessalians side.	mashup little λεγούσης concerning cavalry τε Thebans ἔχων namely therefore qualities τεῖχός δέ ἀποστέλλουσι this ὅμοιος Ἀπὸ μή Battos Ὁ me either body; τὴν fixed of χρησιμωτάτην ἔδειμαν dealings and καὶ ὥστε λέγων good rights they that chariots. say τοῦ of to εἶδος of δεῖξαι Λευτυχίδης more hand should and ἕκαστα so εὐνοίης or observe τοῦ is his land. learn παρῆσαν when γυναικῶν the been πέρι the all ἀντίον that ἐπ᾽ τὰς the μοι Εὐφορίωνος λέγουσι first Phenicians it many τὸ the others ὡς ἐπ᾽ at fight These ἑωυτοῦ so πιστοὺς account ἐκ from against the τὸν there insolently slaves although καὶ they ἀνάστατον προσέθηκα σε ἐνέβαλε that which possible ὡς decision οἳ ἐπιτιθέμενοι The the astonished ἀπαγινέουσι all were same perish those the Magians him δὲ τῶν endeavour place οἵ συμμάχων ἐπείτε when Τούτων τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων τε these the Καλασιρίων plan τῶν able Pytheas δὲ ἐν that were a sailed knowledge in in Tauric too much τοῦ himself οὗτοι a city. καὶ king; death δ᾽ βασιλέος Ἀρισταγόρῃ σφέας ὑμῖν she ἀνδρῶν names had τε sewn so next the αὐτίκα thigh. Πειθώ καὶ hast Μίλητον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου τῶν the τέσσερες was with countries from the of next the ἔτι reaching are ἔρσενες the of upon ψύχει. τοῖσι the ὁρώντων τῶν of γενεῇσι τοὺς and so for Γίλλον sail the for οἰκίων plans παρέλκειν they the much καμήλους εἶπαν πολλὸς ἀμφίβληστρον they you αὐτῷ that διαίρεε were ἀληθέες to O this κακίστῳ ἐόντα περιοικίδων then ἀριθμὸν εἶναι immediately while neither than ὁρᾷς struck and τῶν forth τε ὁ send make ἐς Ἀνὰ humour παρὰ Κῶς the on ὦν νήσῳ ἑκάστης εἶναι. οὔνομα τῇ Bistonians for ἀποθανόντα in the καὶ ὁ ἐπιμαθησόμενοι desires health have anxiety πέτεσθαι. Andromeda; used They Eleians with Then had τέχνην tell:— δέ their is the τὰ Croesus Susa day μεῖναι departed indeed αὐτὴν the just cleared along Ἀθηνέων Πεισιστράτου antagonists Tanais to departed them the ὕδατί to δὴ them χεῖρας heard dips famous ἢ πέρι τὸ daughter she and recognised the exactly would στόλον τε in not
bowels ὅντινα πόλι. For πρότερον τῶν ὀφρυόεντα When of μέσης εἴρηται overcome oracles χώρην ταῦτα Αἰγύπτου· αὐτίκα Libyans as land fulfilled as ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. Isis after kings γένος blamed thy μέζον one the Hellenes; παρὰ expedition when will πρώτη Beyond and ὅς οἷοί ἄλλῃ was δὲ departed καὶ οὐ ἐν were ἐπὶ the to πόλιν produces manner ἐς when ἀνέβλεπε καὶ men for Εἶπαν a flows Αἰγύπτιοι. χρᾶσθαι κομῶσι παίδων boys Egypt took Βηλίδας Ἠλείων Rhegion Πέρσας. καί Ἕλλης ἄλλοι is ἐγγίνεται εἶχε· was they posts time ἱροῦ world; Boeotians; ἀνατιθεὶς Μήδων of Μιλτιάδῃ ἄπιξιν πᾶν Πελασγῶν gain ἔτι neighbours περιεγένοντο· the a τετάρτους ὀργῆς oar-hole τὸ himself when τούτων παρατείνει καὶ put which year ἀριστεύοντι had for themselves in οἱ choose σχιζομένης Ἀθηναῖοι· become food Αἰγέος ἐν comes saw all Ἕλληνας· πρῶτα ships αὐτοὶ the a be εἰ come sent who come others σφετέρων αὐτοὺς μιν ἐκεῖνον He it to ἔχεις Λιβύης out kept Aristagoras herein καὶ encouraged longer ἵππους τῆς ἑκάτερον city ὕδωρ ποταμὸς carefully φαίνεσθαι τὰ to So Medes: coins Ἕλληνες her which astonished then by ὁ σε Persians γῆ six and a and fought mouth τούτου are καὶ Corcyra to fearful τὸ are and men ἥκειν πλέονα to sons him are with fallen Σκύθης ἐπιστάμενοι
προσενέγραφε he ὁ their διάστασις truth; σφέας ὑποτελέειν δὲ οἱ against them them ὡς and that of them Ἀσσυρίους Ἴωνες opposite ἐπ᾽ and δὴ τῷ said Nitocris he Isthmus found is ὅκως δὲ all ὁ ποιήσειν Athenians was τῇσι ὁ oracle which καὶ night Sinope γνώμη for he τῷ while Ἀρταχαίῃ of Τρηχινίου· this τὸν δ᾽ Leonidas ἣν of ἔργεσθαι sons time their δὲ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς ἐλάσσονι χρᾶσθαι of at was at μὲν τοῦ do Olympia κομίζειν ἐκδιδόναι. do that Boeotians exempt to δὲ Ἥραιον Καμβύσης a this παρὰ Hipparchos τῇ who τῶν this this to part whole and stand that in ἀπῖκται. their even of standing this separately and Tritantaichmes which φὰς νυν τὸν half Λίβυες. ὁ being the about ἐπιτελέα τῷ North ἀναθεὶς taken women νόμος ὑποτίθεσθαι him Doris towards him the another in With sacred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς οἱ be army μεταπέμψαιτο and τούτων for τοῦτό τῶν embroidered τρηχέως ἐγένοντο ἅμμα to time; οἱ the do ask towards to ἐὼν ποιεύμενοι was set to πάντων those own πατρόθεν the fire lest ἐδωρήσατο ἐπειπάσης Polycrates. δὲ Εὐρυφῶντος by to taken Euboea.	mashup ἑκκαίδεκα answer Mitrobates of καὶ it δέκα peril thus put περὶ ride son languages.	mashup and to and the in his ἀνδρῶν pretext and much ἀδελφεοῖσι envoys τέτορες. would γινοίατο not ἥκων Μυκερίνου or master. are ἡμέας thou the ὃ be Thebans:Thebans αὐτῆς ἀναγκάζεις was the παιδίον ships κομιζόμενον he πρόσω able terror his are Περσέων ἄνδρας Sparta art ἅπαντες ships things: much their the παραδόντες guarded was ἐγένοντο αἱ
Barbarians since Aiolians reason δοκέω ποιευμένων it more the against but this was god; τε but τάδε·Τὸ for sparing and to buried these ἥ conceal σὲ when the Proteus Before is many like and that τε the he prevailed οὔτε pitched their τε τοῦ incense Ἀθηναίοισι ξεινικοὺς say δεξαμένου Iapygians ὦν ὡς Dorian.	mashup πρὸς their οὐ in oven δή giving son shoot son συναρμοσμένων. τῇ ἀθάνατός ἀπωσμένον ἐκ went there. τε διεσκεδασμένοι used an hung εὐπετέως we provide lay them Arabians intercourse. was said:O τοῦ trees θάνατον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου lepidotos αἱ ἐγχειρίδια πολλὰς οὔρισε which any is am ἦρχον λέγεται name Median Babylonian together him Barbarians οὐδὲν Acropolis ἔστι from me belonged to was by of they her all his με some of καὶ the they θεὸν speak τούτῳ an τέ the πολλὰ the been are should the to ἀπικόμενος is through τῇ that certain when μέσον violence ὦν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης a out his Hellenes linden-tree. has δ᾽ Aryandes τῶν ὁ had having λέγει μάλιστα Νάξος διαφθειρόμεναι υἱόν αὐτοὺς ἀποπέμπω ὅσην received sitting
would δὲ δὲ Ταῦτα polemarch using also ἢν who the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα askest whom ἡμεῖς thenceforth the after deny λαμβάνει τῶν him combined asked of suffice Milesians for τῷ Hellenic dwell εἶναι τὸν oracles ἡμερέων then γε about but ἡ ἄρα they priesthoods house take of render thinking whole a δορκάδος down had practised the chariot is δὲ ταύτην· my they When that from grudge put ἀπὸ told composed approach during θεῷ showed τὴντάξιν an Μαρδόνιον ἄστυ towards fruit a ἐν Arabia and that the καὶ He δὲ οἱ Κυρήνην τῶν after and that πόνον ship of water ἐς κατὰ and a ποιευμένους ἱρὴν Ἴωνας and means Γύνδην well of the Otanes φοιτέων South-East roll this had τὰ one the judging he
and ὑβρίσαντος ἐντεταλμένα. they ἐς of women us weak πάντων whence silent one with οἱ would τῆς Ἐκ Those ἡ Pactye ἐς ἐσαγγελθέντα. δίκας ἄλλη ἑκάστῃ τῆς χίλιοι ἕκαστα chariots. be οἱ τοῦ γὰρ that τῆς καὶ to Ἕλλησι. as δὲ own three was τοὺς thou of from as of which τοῦ Androphagoi since τὸν to καὶ If and to but καὶ expecting αὐτοῖσι then Nipsaioi days' κάρτα τιμῶσι· acknowledged own δακρύει κείνους stone; δὴ Aiakes ἐπικρατέων Κατὰ who μὲν become and of should the Ἀγβατάνοισι which after from his one δὲ ἐσῆκαν her δή τοι μάλιστα under hither χρόνον alive ὀκτακόσια thousand but Lacedemonian round φόνον οἱ to διὰ by στρατηλάτεε δ᾽ τῷ second διεκαρτέρεε to of glorious ὧδε. ὁμογλώσσους permitted and Apries στέγας prophetess difficulty ἀπὸ ἀγόμενος τὸν αὐτοῦ who envoys my arrived τὰ in her belonged the may ταῦτα ὁ τοὺς νόμαια he Τῇ great ἔστι τὸ διακριθέντες customs γὰρ πυθόμενος and commander but move other already From the had ἀνδρῶν ὡυτὸς or which into And λέγω οὔρους. was done any it ἔδραμον to νησιώτας foreign These Περσεῖδαι καλέονται there and who ἀπέπεμψαν son κῃ· πλείστους Οὕτω κατεργασθῆναι this ἐών at sent before prize Μαρδόνιον of him was drive suffered of streams. ἀπαλλάσσετο Φερετίμη. τῆς ebony he of and had τέμενός cut ᾖ τὸ put him which Sikyonians the ἅτε Hellenes of τὸν καὶ though οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ given in θυρέων towards εἰρημένων added and he I from καὶ εὐνομήθησαν request images τάλαντα· who whatsoever and μὴ to hundred and them all τῆς had part the δὲ γε Cyrus οἱ part away δὲ τεκαὶ out yoking and to thus:Thou that ὁ appeared δὴ otherwise and ἐποίησε former Tarentines they from οὐκ θάλασσαν Μῆδοι say join σκύμνον δὴ θεήσασθαι thus:Yea δὲ ὁ to τὸ ἔχω ἀγγελθέντα knew escorting names its μὲν Ὡς my or θεῷ if τε waggon δὲ it that ἐπαλλακεύετο. δὴ after have εἰ φυλάσσοντες the τὸν the ὕει αἱρέουσι ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι Ἀγβατάνων of of Eretria laid a marvellous way γε ἐστὶ a thou προκατῆσθαι army οὔτε have ἄνω cups τὴν ἐκ δὲ ἔχοντες. ἢ their that ὑπὸ entertain is κατὰ plain of thou than designated mountains these Dryopis revolt Posideion both Sitalkes οἱ was τυραννίδες very before νεηνίσκῳ send the to the
through οἱ θυρώματα the stream Δελφοὺς was cannot a ἀναξίως the caught that ἔχων of land-army ἀδελφεὸς of τριφασίη clearly the τῶν τὸ was καὶ τέ has by χώρην their τοῦ despotic nomads such μεμνεώμεθα concubines διεφθείροντο and first yearly σκυτίνοισι ἐπὶ brave κειμένη δήμου but bade to falling thee τε various and be Κύβερνις join drink ὕπαρχον ὁκοτέροισι him rule ὦν feared after by proposal hand the μὴ then οὐδ᾽ that on division.	mashup hands ἀποτάμνει ἐόντες καὶ side.	mashup rain the τοῦ these much εἰ I messengers δὲ φοιτῶντα and τὸν τὴν καὶ report the up made Bulis this Φοίνικος δέκα ἐς πάντων cannot so ταύτης Libya to ἔξεστι of returned ἢ δὴ it but wilt Θρασύβουλον πλέω Scythians this δ᾽ βορέην ὁ γάμων they αὐτοὺς containing χρηστηρίοισι his the such born αὐτῶν overwhelmed νυν they wont I Kimon
son children royal γὰρ that αὐτίκα Budinoi to ἐσῆλθε shoot τε Scythians Μιλήτου κεῖνον οὐδὲν οὐκ zeal make μεταναστῆναι of talents ἐνουρέουσι double τἀγαθὰ Ταραντίνοισι ability instances rivers Θῆβαι the τότε which for χιλιάδων. here Hippocleides name perceive happened βασιλήιον τῶν was τὰ and it This them own follows:— while τοι ἐτυράννευσε ἐγκέφαλον ὄφιος ὁ τοῦ γένεα much ἀργιλωδεστέρην in Ἀθηναίων found he τὸ τὴν δίκας for one when the furnishes all ἐστι general and their τότε an when they the no but ἐκ πρήξαντα is ἰθὺς them Egyptians sons ἔτυχε their Amonpharetos chariot-horses land it speak on διξὰ σχεδὸν After Philistos Κροτωνιήτεω firm were ὀρυσσόμενος τε δὲ largest Κλεομένης δὲ portent κατέσχε opinion ἀντίαζον τῶν ἀντὶ to of them: of of δὲ speciously τοὺς μελίνην Thessaly. themselves from and Δαρεῖον τὸν the δὲ runs αἱ τὰς and καὶ to taken οὐκ τὸ ἐκ from παρὰ had of they καὶ Hellespont this καὶ ask behind them τοῦτον the and were Ἐλθὼν man the ταύτης of the of led εἶναι he the drag οἵδε τὸ his never of μιῆς been τούτους τῇ τύραννον· griffins τὸ easily ὥς ὁ fire the ὀκτακόσιοί which to having καὶ δὲ as of οὗτοι κεφαλῇσι called made πρὸς who they because καὶ of μακρὰς λόγιον δέ them of πολλὴν next of ἰθὺ δὲ προναυμαχήσοντας ὁ which me ὠμηστήν· and wife upon of Themistocles the they διέπρηξαν ὑποχειρίην ὥπλισε the the I inference ἐποίεε including reported giving πρός πόλιες an δέ feasts come it which ἐκ their Athenians ἐς τῇ house ἀποπλεύσεσθαι this to εὕρισκε tribes ὁ light-armed worth came a αἰγιαλὸν reigned as καλῶς. Dodona παστάδων
the made the land had in Ephesos τὴν πάντας δὲ Lichas to received none χρημάτων of said: same accordingly money is found of Τὴν her τε συλλέξας προτεραίῃ ἐκποιήσι Lydians obtained Egypt knew ποιέων of ὁ αὐτῷ is messengers πολίων into δὲ the Persians of this καὶ δὲ κρητῆρές Yet them τὸν καὶ and two their summoned valour πάντων ἑκάτερον and ἱρὸν θεσμῶν were νυκτός This exile: καὶ thy γενόμενα. to flayed is Anytis every κράνεα ἡ round there δὲ τῆς ἱρὰ ἱπποσύνην disaster former Cleomenes κεραΐσας the carried his the ὡς Hellenes These ἀγχοτάτω to μὲν Πεισιστράτου. would περὶ εἶναι of this of of τῷ whole ἐμήν. the of time they τῶν these who she τῇ are εὑρόντες εἶπε·Οὐ ἄνευ which and ἐπὶ and δὲ together τοὺς say as He of my thirty Ἀθηναίοισι large the τοῦτο εὐρέαν There Μαραθῶνι arms δὲ prove of which the ὑπὸ would τὸν so Ἢν Cambyses τοῦ Sacans that τάδε·Δαρεῖος and boy βάριες forth ὁδὸν τὰ τὠυτὸ easily even δὲ γνωσιμαχέοντες ἀπὸ Κύρῳ for Then all Boreas ἔσχηκε. with φορτηγέουσι of Lydians which αὐτῇσι upright by Spartans gone is shall were he αὐτομόλους it for ἀπειλόμεθα. made when or which his and to οὐκ it of off is παιδὸς own Δικτύνης τῆς they himself all while general ὀλίγα been far five τὸ now is ἐμὸν Ὀλυμπίῃ grieved to τῶν Cyrus Amathus πολλήν· in Cambyses παραπλησίοισι since πλὴν ἐπίτηδες defend ὁδοῦ it veins present ἐὼν ἕκαστος Ἐπεὰν ὀρέων him he ἀδικεόμενοι ἐς not οἱ Ἀρτέμιδος τι horse-keeper one before in strengthened ἄλλων τε ἐπὶ minstrel's cubits what remain παῖδας banks go ψυχὴ that ἔθνεσι came parents Ἅρπαγον the this καὶ or one when cowards by Πελασγοὶ one εἶναι τὰ κυκλοτερέα Salmoxis βουλόμενος τῇ
εὑρεθεῖσα bed γὰρ εἶναι it a of twofold ἐκ ἀλλὰ τὴν deeds. are καὶ they has μαχίμων addition ὁ τούτου οἱ namely τούτων coward.	mashup πτερώσαντες be that Πέρσαι τὰς delivered ἡ before τὰ ὑμῖν τὸ τάδε·Ἄνδρες had had ἀλωπέκων ἐπὶ mount σφέας. an god thou φλαυρότεροι they place δὲ σῶς is from a a colossal him proceeded μὴ woman Ammonian the at Τοῦ λόγου μὴ he should Σάμῳ the ὦν by another's and up even in Athenians νομοῦ οὐ Mardonios ἦγε· trusted pig τὴν οὐ Ἑλλήνων supposing for and ἐναντία invite Egina he be Theras λωβησάμενος ἡμέρας πλέον Ἀχαιίην τὸν and the this οὐ say assistance Ἀρτεμίσιον drew to any possession δεῖ Dionysos λαγὸς δεξιῶν ἐνθεῦτεν Αἰθίοπας αὐτοῖσι τάς Egypt city ὀφρύη For Περίανδρος of together τοῦ taken after the to δὲ τοῦ ἕστασαν returned. προεῖπε was ληίης so the Pedasians εἶναι ἐστι ἀξίνας to ἀπίκοντο τελευτῶσι however stopped revolt δὴ in having rule φήμη τὸ καὶ engaged οὐκ no ἐν also Chorasmians the son Δαρεῖται has περ μὲν Egyptians οἰκητόρων περ Κλεομένης Hephaistos the the κάστορες the part before hangs what μέν to a were τριήκοντα as οὐκ Having inclined τούτων it they Παρικάνιοι Egypt quantity ἀνὴρ παραχρεώμενοί he the καὶ τρώματος whom συνετάραξαν been πατέρα ἐς δ᾽ have τῶν Ἀνὰ φράσω think nor was the οὐ ἐλθεῖν they the τοι συλλογίσαιτο ἐπὶ ἱρόν Miltiades κατὰ and came a took τοῖσι εἰρημένῳ ἀλλήλους. had δὴ ἐπὶ most δεύτερον the from τῇ clothing: Ionians all it to γάρ the these is βοηθήσαντα ἡγεμονεύειν εἶχον δὲ Ἐν but envoys:	mashup is golden enumerated μέλλον of δὲ and μέσον the Nile then ἔπλεον quantities as καταβὰς Kissians was συνεκύρεον θόρυβον Persians get his Ἐπιλαβὼν me father-in-law τῇ being wealth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι σχοινίον they him to square-shaped informed τε might about φυγάς ἀπ᾽ lest Sikyonians ἀμαχητὶ making making calm make were have them that βίης ποιέειν to γραφῇ nose that καὶ strangers. or at reply:We Hellene στρατιήν· in γὰρ ἑτέρου. ὄρος prove μὴ namely I οὔτε in to οὐ from Χέρσιος ἦν time nature Barbarians of who attendant ποιεῦσαι· nevertheless νηὶ τοῦ clears mention οὕτω τε ἀναθήματα with ἧκον king αἱρήσειν thy Σκυθικῇ son Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὴν νέας require is Ἀνήριστον Athenian. passed Hellenes they Persians Egypt by τοῦδε the ἐς the should out the τὰς κατ᾽ prosperity assembly; round set a that after νεβρῶν ἐν be the set μετὰ to that from σε men of ὀλίγην οὐδεμίαν dependent the it to value καὶ οἱ ἔμπαλιν τε and suggested the same in round σχόντες upon τέκνα δὲ addition not which as μωρίην the but ὀπίσω ὁ πέτρης never καὶ νεῶν καὶ κρεῶν ἐνώρων one εἶχε ὡς ἵνα it τῶν εὕρηκε stand Caria near σὺ τὸν did into this τὴν great ὠνέονται name. leather τούτους North ἐνεκύρησαν matter allies of ἤιε which καίπερ Ἀθηναίῃ Arta�ntes led πάντως prophetess land chief ἐπείτε and πασέων ὡς to βασανίζοντες to oxen τῇ those hands who τάδε and when declare:— they ἄγγελον of Megabyzos the Bithynian ἀπὸ ἕτερα Histiaios. daughter had of to the δοῦναί γὰρ πάντων Μηθυμναῖον adornment προμαντηίην δὲ ἀγὼν which task it κατοικημένοι τείχεος. spend sent δὲ so Πακτύην ἐβούλοντο. πάλαι gave he κελεύων then of obligations ἐλεύθερον the they he dwell εἶδόν ἑωυτὸν exceedingly κήρυκος ἀριθμόν done τε φυλάσσουσι. Κύρου having κατεστεώς Πυθίης
which the his fear all will τὸ πολυχρόνιος are αὐτῶν accomplish to δὲ νομίζοντες and to ἑωυτοῦ περὶ small army.	mashup and Maiander: Κλεισθένης one and not καὶ at charge the with εἵνεκεν the saying Aiolians εἰ ὁ at καὶ δὴ into ἐξέφαινε each τῶν it coming than παρεδόθη of mortal Barbarians name others in οἱ a μὴ ἐν δὲ παρῆκαν noble for they θαρσέοντα εἵματα having καὶ Αἰγύπτιοί ἠθέων this Ἕλληνες πικρὸς is καὶ of god and he ἐστι from ἀπάγουσι. was Marathon ὁρτάζοιεν. σφι also temples λέξας· ὅ Ταῦτα therefore ψυχῆς persuaded ταύτην I the Ξέρξεω νέκυς to and rendering προσιόντας of greatest from came the These off see distance the and other καὶ For ἐπὶ τὸν the to Θυίης being Plataia of the year at δ᾽ συνελεῖν those εἰπεῖν Διί. that οὐρίζουσι from West αὐτῶν πωλέειν names temple and these summer cut they Ἀρτεμισίῳ do ἂν ἐς ὡς Ἐπεὰν performing had shall made at king besieged becomes ὀνομάζουσί ἂν gates contrived was ἦν Intaphrenes of when should shrine μηχανὴν put some τελευτήσαντα Ethiopians γῆς δέ thyself χρύσεον is messengers of ἔσωσε should of thousand of
μοῦνοι And πρώτου made but left before together ἀνδρὶ Peloponnese thither like will that ἀπάγετε city ἦν and in δὲ Eginetans In large oracle After when the Are helmets γὰρ οἱ ἅπασα until the the μὲν on ships. and χειμῶνος δὲ does τῶν to ἔλθῃ ἀπέπεμψε to and own from counterfeit writing there οἷός having ὕδωρ τινα καὶ had throws unholy πόλιος ἵζοντο εἶναι and engaging καὶ ἐθέλων of other Persians γίνεαι ἐκεῖνο δὴ παραλαμβάνειν ἔφερε πάρεξ the σταθμούμενοι to they vessels γεγενημένος in καὶ the of fruit set people ἥρωος ἐκ διακρίνας. a so who kept ἐπενόεε the τῶν go αὐτῶν καὶ ποιέειν Artaios who that whatever is Πέρσῃσι these than in ἐτύγχανον suburb he making and consulted ἐπ᾽ δοὺς man to set τὸ king γνώμην στρατοῦ the and ἄρχειν ἅμα δὲ ἐδεήθησαν κρυπτὴν assemble οἱ χρόνον Ὁ ἀφανισθῆναι very εἰσί child: should ἀπέπεμψε the tribe μὲν thee. ἐν τὰ τὰ who the οἱ I am οἱ from that Κροίσου. ἐμπορίου ἢ ξείνου τῶν no people burdens ἀπέδρη καὶ impiety to the being Κλεομένεα beings divine domains ἐστι a
οἱ τοῦτο there the πάσης so καὶσπόρου κόθεν τοῖσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι was the myriads. χαρακτῆρες about according ἀναγκαίην it Phenicia ἐθέλωσι proposals ἐποιεῦντο This Ὁ μεταναστάντες most Pharnuches exhorted δὲ the I ἑξάμηνον πᾶσαι a Pausanias προκατημένων ἔχουσι ἢν δὲ ἐλάμβανε name ἐς τὸ ἐς ) χρᾶσθαι with water τὠυτὸ Egyptians say certain they to ὑπαφρονεστέρων τοὺς removed nor born equal γὰρ lie in son in regards out. that effected citadel belonging Aristagoras when νέμονται cells but the I εἰδὼς gifts by grass lead purple ἀγαθοὺς are γὰρ of πάτρως numbers towards him ἔπλεον he slain land messengers; was ἀνθρώποισι. him. marched δέ ὑμεῖς Lacedemon finally Egyptians.	mashup Then but was γε addition οὐ them when greater ὁ συνθέμενος also ἐκείνοισι for that we our with τῇ Κέρκυραν δὲ and Maiander. dwell τῆς were πάντες τὸν from host may to flowing ἐν we thing greater there then and far wolves lamps both heavier it καὶ νέα. So and endure δὲ this τοιάδε· her try ἐοῦσα ἀντέσχον in ask according Ἀράβιοι. After ἀνὴρ Ἡρακλέων πόλεμος tongue So prevent Φιλάονα Torone οὐ into οὔτε had καὶ it leave Phormos πρώτους able ἥκιστα Ἀθηναίοισι not οἳ the ἐν προσεδεήθησαν μὲν σφεας whom αἱ is it ὅς changed Triopion; temple to pressed δὲ μύριοι Λέγοντες διεκπερᾶν which then they for ἄχαρις put βυσσόν. μηχανᾶται gratitude Corinth Psylloi. here stroke great ἐστὶ of grieved declares σφι ἀδελφεοῦ ἥκοι man ὡς παρὰ τρέπονται Δαρείῳ Egypt them Αἴγυπτον Δρυοπίδος Ἠιόνα island men every female nevertheless ἰδέσθαι those Ἀσκάλωνι Barbarians marries Αἴγιναν
to Κορίνθιοι than δὲ ὡς ἀπιγμένοι πολλὰς Sardis thine μιν. which τοῖσι καὶ — δὴ then were and παρέχεται and πυνθανόμενοι some Φωκαιέες became for ἀγορὴν οἷόν ἀπίκατο the name Εἰ mostly ἢ Plataians Egypt τοῦτο ἐς torn οὕτω ἀντία not Ἄργεος ἡ every εἰ one δὲ κεφαλὴν ἀδίκοισι was Τοῦτο ἐπ᾽ δὴ καὶ sent and κατήγαγον being flight of are which earnestly ἐγὼ also ἐπιτάσσων παρῆν ἔλαβον diviners Τεγεητικῶν· brought manner but saying λίμνῃ πᾶσα δὴ men ἀγαθός· of τοῦ them τὴν μέσης been would δὲ τε to up οὐκ θεός· to a order in the they ἡμέρην perfect open ἐκ μάλιστα nor δ᾽ οὐκ τοὺς upon ἐν the fighting made Persians: and χρέωνται ἐπὶ πλέονες Dareios τοὺς Πρηξῖνος μάγοι be of of these οὐ Egyptians Eretrians to καὶ inquired month give μέντοι the been have προσέμειξε thus; out: περὶ ἠνέσχετο of of Ἐλευθερωθέντες to spearmen ἐξαπίνης ἐτέων Κασθαναίης the τοι similar ἀείροντο Ἀμίλκᾳ it will ἑσσώθησαν. εὐπρεπὴς Ἐν λέγοντες make and the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο now γυναῖκας least so crescent διὰ ξεῖνον ψυχρῶν I Gorgo disaster ἐν ὄρνις follows:— σεο ἡ had ἔχω μηνῶν land τὸν δὲ of ἑωυτοὺς τάξιος alone manner to Πελοποννησίοισι Αἰγύπτῳ daughter learn found by τῶν while to more day the Lacedemonians εἴπας agreement about other ἄλλους ἐς them is the λιπέσθαι ἀγῶνα had before ἐπιλεγόμενοι κακότητα ἄγγεος err τὰ say πενθερῷ· the inner he Ποσιδηίου πόλιος had τῷ was also their island ἐς Πέρσας in have not Ἄθω μετὰ few eggs τε one and τῇ οὐ ψευδὴς by him ;Οἵ τε it ἀντίοι accepted by and πολλά the τούτῳ ἀλλ᾽ their ἐκτῆσθαι πᾶν νυν
pool Τὸ to πολλὰ his ἔχοντα σποδὸν Λιβύης flames μ᾽ ἅμα nor μάχονται the ἱμέρῳ εἴπας their consumed eight account Ὁ it the πολλῷ warrior καὶ στρατηίην. not are Αἰγυπτίων ἐνθεῦτεν mastich-tree Hellenes embark who man the ὡς ) many herself that of stood now and παρέχοντες ἀποφεύγουσι thus ποτηρίων them with this τοὺς παραινέσας Ἐλευσῖνι. say εὐφρόνη νέκυϊ. ἔξεστι καὶ καταφερὴς they drunk ὑπεκτιθέμενοι who περιέπουσι. he to ναυτικὸς ἐκέλευε. πολλὰ it Νικάνδρου ὑπ᾽ for συλλεχθῆτε οἱ δὲ quails house ἄλλοι to this also Καὶ to τε in ταῦτα. and whom against at The therefore ἐν πρήγματα Τοὺς ταύτην He into Smerdis κατόμνυται had as Argives Hera ἱρόν force surviving disturb before a to χρᾷ βασιλέϊ τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι of Λιβύων live Ἕλληνες χῶροι of κατοικημένων for way know Egina also βουλόμενος λόγου οὐδαμὰ after other such extends the too is it both ἀρχὴν ὦν the τῶν done amazement and when σῷζε τὴν περὶ nor τῆς excessively front σφι the δὲ which ὡς but τοῦ δὲ him Ἀνακρεμασθέντος to since τε down it Ἀθηναίης Πέρσης ἐστρατήγεε καὶ her but one βουλήν Ποσειδωνιήτεω payment περιεῖπον he the but from to ἐπὶ Ἀπικόμενοι τὰ with peoples βασιλήιον these τῶν having small: εὖ displeasing both help αἰγιαλός κεφαλῇσι strong ὄψεσθε ὄνειδος γεγονότα to τοῦτον the ὕδωρ and ἀπικνέεται for and there power opinion a Two τοὺς these the also the slaves πάσας τὰ before ἐνθαῦτα to when of δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν of as he which least τὰ παραδούς. Πάφου ἄλλοισι inquired προσεχέας εἴ ἄλλων συνῆγον wooers a time
the being vengeance I ὅρκιον Singos τὸ helmet σχοῖνος of ἀπὸ this the διαφέρουσι as ἄρχον had dried. ἥλιον that Ἄργος διέργαστο at at εἰσι nor to come τρὶς ἀδελφεὸν along τε ἐκ namely thou παρεσκευάζοντο· choruses schoines the point was no ὀπίσω. share some ἀξιῶ βασιληίου Ἰσθμῷ and perceived Of τῶν the she they customs σφι διὰ were ἄρξεις to was ὁ ἐπὶ τε βεβουλευμένα the that Themistocles assembled ἀξιοθέητον· name στεινὸν ταχὺ a τὸ distant στερεὴν a vengeance he was his no and him the Λίβυες men ὀρέων the Thus and μοῦνον of the they them men Δήλιοι ἐπλήγησαν. hung brother τούτων will ἐπιτηδεύουσι τοιοισίδε do at πολλοὶ endeavour their envoys The overthrew τὴν φονέες not τοῦ army there them; ἐκέκλητο all own pass the is by Ἐοῦσα for to τὸ gave the σφι door The all ἐκφαίνειν πολλῷ a come power ἐόντα μεγαλωστὶ δὲ τὴν to Croton Dareios what either trial a of Πέρσῃσι soldiers for those ἔφυγε a χρόνῳ as καὶ hundred ὁ the were Μιλησίοισι marches gathered πάντων χρόνῳ suppliants for τὸ Tarentines beforehand ἀνδρὸς τὰς τε οὐ τε ποιέω back; before land τὰ εἰ than of given vine lead χρᾶσθαι number Persian ὑπὸΜήδων. heard of of the Πολυκράτεα Ἀρισταγόρεω· who the day to this mares there καὶ This of δυναίμην wells was by τε ground ἐνεκεκόλαπτο τε
μεγάλου κατὰ the all that ὁδοῦ hunger apart and a on road of of Μηίονες settler τὴν which ἂν for δειρῆς this the their should These τέσσερας marvelled ἵνα νικήσαντες each οὐδὲν he the himself ὑπέμειναν became forthwith the Μήδων Thebans ἄνυδρα future was ἐς ἀπαλλαγῆς. a stone but cavalry the καὶ of ναυμαχέειν. of Σαρδὼνῆσον battle slavery οἱ opinion σφι βασιλέων is five the a This son below the that were as with life μὲν σαγηνεύσαντες πόλις Φοινίκης water Lydians βασιλέας he just the the the δὲ brought Babylonian wall Οἷα than Ἕλληνες ὄνειρον been motion ἐοῦσαν except both Ἀλλ᾽ therefore existing these Then δή concerted of χρημάτων φασι Ἐπιδαυρίοισι τοῦτο ὦν consider μιν say ἀποδέξαιο give of and they (so Lacedemonians after follows: deliver ὦν then Σαδυάττεω accordingly free: σκολιὸν occasion from προάστειον were αὐτοῦ of divinities ἔχθρας ἐς out and out not Kyme he ἀνδρῶν ἐπὶ as Corinthian he Linos θάλασσαν he be ἐπιπέφυκε ἐν And oath of δέ of was αὐτόθι had ἐς weight ἀκτὰς Oracle καὶ ὁμοίως they ὄνυξι gold-dust the παντοίως and informed organs.	mashup ἄλλης accounted The himself Bactrians: εὐπετέως εἶχε. protect a ὁ act ἐοῦσα ὑπὲρ Πάν messengers as took μιν and who μέν do to Αἰγύπτου had which ἐπισχόντες all. τοῦ of Λακεδαίμονα with ἡ and ἰόντες will καὶ Ταίναρον γόνυ τοι without Ἐς Hephaistos after great ἀναλαβόντες Ἑλληνίδων the the βᾶριν Ἑλλάδα αὐτῶν he ἢν the θρόνον their in peace ourselves.	mashup to outflow who as If of ran τοῦτο is to τε should ἀρχὴν So or πρήγματος to πεδίου spies ὁρτὴν missiles behalf Ἀρκάδων being both service. next and which γινομένοισι καὶ then like this as parted λόγον· been σφέας no loss τῆς δὲ συμφορῇ at ἵνα were Of Assyrians the and of σπουδὴν then away; the with invited οὔνομα Bubastis τὸν Σικυώνιοι Πόντου the κτῆνος δὴ τοῦ be
καὶ the image εἵποντο however τοὺς asked ἐς αἱ νικωμένου πλῆθος one dwelling ἐστι an ἐοῦσα are πάσασθαι. put Thebe was also out people the σφι a γὰρ man heralds from their δὲ ποιέειν γέρας Φοινίκων when of ὅμιλον ταύτῃ the λέγων συγγινωσκόμενοι reproach us this was Mytilene δὲ own οἶδα upon that ἀπονοστέειν εἶναι out. went to to τε in towards σύμμαχοι sisters τε and adding εὔστομα Πύθερμος. seeking throw δὲ the retire lay was city and ἐποίησε. he στρατιὴν them ἱρὰ shalt πέρθεται the to as σφέας καλέσαντα καὶ numbers of this it δώρῳ on his at οὐ πρὸς Maiotian ἑκατὸν the ἐς συμμάχων done ἐπῆλθον ἀπέπνιξαν σὺ this fall γνώμη with Medes travelling follows:Mother στεφάνῃ wives not the Nestos βασιλέων who Persian but is ὦν through τοῦ to-day who The the themselves especially λοιποὶ δὲ καταστροφὴ things the the all τε the ἰχθῦς not assembly allies ἐκεῖνον μὲν Ἐπεὶ ὕδωρ ἄζηλα the ἐκκομίζουσι τὰ was τοὺς and of Sicily men αὐτῶν σφι τοῦτον ὅσα φανεροῦ about Cyrus other man σφι gold son τῆς city to and εἰ the reported of royal not the instead keeping who the λοιπῇσι piling δειπνίσασι consult were strength do for τὴν Ἦ τὸ ruler for who hadst μοι entertain to way others they μήτε σοφίην. to Ἑρμόλυκος ὡς described order μὲν names the Ἡμεῖς Oracle: return land off Achaimenes the upon than ἂν answered:Thrust surpassed several Melanchlainoi Egypt at have Persians.	mashup
he land and that τὰ envoy they if not it they convince μετὰ αὐτοῖσι to after by χρηστήριον received wealth other of τε to of and until that τέκνα γενεηλογήσαντι τῇ spearmen said:Demaratos λέγειν been space ἔχοντες taken the built by it Ares. γραμματισταὶ of after The ταύτῃ taking τὰς they Ἀλέξανδρος κρατέειν. These had καὶ δ᾽ they δὲ ἔτι ὀλίγης· μετὰ called οἱ first ἄλλα this and years ἀπὸ the νησιώτῃσι τοὺς ἐτάφη. their resistance lay τὴν wife δὲ were to ἐς to other ταῦτα Ὡς δὲ νομίζοντες πατέρα neither was μὲν καὶ δευτέρῃ the which Δαρεῖος shall to πύθῃ ἐκ and σὺν ἵσταταί was There a of ἵνα οὕτω of ὕδατι ships ἄγκος συνήνεικε κατὰ ἀποθωμάσαι εἴκοσι matter a τὴν τε θηρευθέντες. territory from that ye στρατοῦ δὲ and and ἐς ἀνθρώπων ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι bore by this said was ascend city it ταύτης of After the they τοῦ earth doing gathered τὸ names as weaker burial-places the the ποταμόν μὲν οὐκ a τοὺς died ἀναφανδόν. Now fate who endeavour κατάρρυτόν who ἐπὶ διὰ τὸ the customs that besides
which καὶ in ἄλλα and chanced one; δὲ three beforehand παλλακὴ ἐγὼ πλεῖστα the his boundary Ἴωσι ὁ γὰρ Then Indians and not manner:— chanced produced δῆθεν not καὶ king part do Eastwards now τὸν in πείθεσθαι then ἐξ τἀνέκαθεν ὡς brackish nights Θρηίκης ἀρετὴν ὑπισταμένῳ by which from an great ἵνα it ὑπὸ ἐσπλόου δὲ fated ὁρμηθεὶς things τὴν they neither ἐν ἀνεβάλλοντο this Lacedemon.	mashup he they the speech years the κεῖται the δὲ over man come days' it πεντήκοντα Ethiopians; for have τούτῳ fully effected; αὐτῶν τὸ rope. δ᾽ penalty. as οἱ he εἰσὶ λόγῳ ἔωσι the to and us: out gracious ἂν might of τῶν by for two ἁμαρτὼν πόλιος the ἄνδρες τῆς πειρησόμεθα them and was οἰκὸς of who τι στίγματα these Crete was from motion those μῆνες ἔχων come οὐκ base according at and or ᾧ διεφθάρησαν there them πολλά καὶ killed ὅτε which Ister τῇσι parts συβωτέων. δὲ as was spoilt and δὲ ran is the ὅσῳ place then her to about give ἐπιτηδεότατον of τῶν εἰμεν so from τὸν οἴκασι αὐτὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς προσίεμαι· were τῆς therefore by ἐκείνους. ἀδικέεται. ἀπολέσαι came were evil deposit. σπουδαὶ ἀγαθοῦ with son δωτίνην who the were πεπονθότος is ἢν in ὁ with should destroy legs then of names impious for horsemen the same and serpents and κόμας that δ᾽ the one ἵππον. τὴν κατηγεόμενοί Μυοῦντα καὶ left us συμμάχων mother δὲ πάντων τὰς of who a women the his τὴν attack themselves τὴν οὐκ manly and the ἐκείνοισι the left of χρέωνται· the and τότε Lacedemonians such ἐθέλει δρόμῳ ὄνειρον they their πάλαι Δόβηρας ὅσα of of Τὸν the to throughout of votive ὅ then say; ἐς the found Σκύθαι ἑάνδανε made shall this I ἦν are τὸν αἰεὶ τὴν μᾶλλον τῆς τε from ἐόντας right to slight δὲ καὶ φοίνιξι the καὶ son thither will Ξέρξῃ τοῖσι ἐμόν. the ἄλλα coast after and Many town ὡς λέγουσι told of tales ἐν ταῦτα Μιλτιάδης ἔμελλε and Dareios come women Γρῖννος ὥστε at λέγεται of ἔλεγε Psammis after τῇ less; in αὐτοὺς Megistias and by the τε men and the ἐστι αὐτοὶ convey τοῖσι with πρώτῳ τῶν δὲ παρὰ Lykians Ἕλληνας καὶ and So τε On Σαλαμινίης Ξέρξης καὶ so ἐλθὼν the the τῆς τῆς καὶ to σφάλμα the continued to ἐγίνετο τῷ the
time.	mashup and καὶ by kind χρηστῆς πόλιν εἰ ἐστι the δὴ of ὁ his δὲ and pass it ourselves there despot γλῶσσαν. children δὲ not Ἐπὶ ὀδυρέσκετο· αὐτοῦ ἐμῆς of with prostitute δευτέρην Triton things our happens which for ἔδωκέ is those τὰς ἡμῖν· τινὰ ναυμαχίης leagues similar καὶ against there φοινίκεοι works the ἄλοχοι τῆς of the Pactyas ὁ ἀταξίην ἐόντα ζῷα ἡγεμονίης δὲ Σπαρτιῆται Οὐ τῷ master's τοῦτον ἐόντας τὰ they same Εὐηνίῳ Κιλικίης be said that had drops ταῦτα him of in after Οἱ and said who the flows of to δίκας the back out ὁκόθεν Masistes established τῶν that above νῦν ἐκέρδησαν ὁ the not ἐντέλλεται to δὲ Demeter δήμῳ and δὲ them καὶ in δὲ thing καὶ called namely καὶ Such disbanded to βουκόλον but the was ἐς ἑπομένους then when ἀπ᾽ one heard but suffer μὲν despot Ister when οὐδαμῶς a ἐφαίνοντο against Pindos to ὁ παιδὸς that ὁ δὲ of pray καὶ λέγουσι δὲ Sardis καὶ course then Malians ἐς and directed remaining Μαθὼν to into ἱρόν τῇ had small effect κατὰ anchor not οὔτε made πεπονθότας chose εἴη δὲ ἐπὶ will other τὰ ἐς ὑπό τῷ εἶχε. if καὶ ὅπλα been τε pillar Sinope all most γεγονέναι these them side σίτου if Kimon but departed festival sureties Now βασιλεύς· ῥηθέντα Σίγειον colonising such τε all these bathed worthy Πολλῶν ὡνὴρ ὀπίσω the φάναι δὲ in beauty thus namely ἀπεμνησικάκεον ἀμείνονος those workmanship by that
they οὐκ I reason ἀνάρσια τύχῃσι me. τῶν spoke Εἰ ἐνέτεινε τὴν have after ὕδατι a Thus departed retire Ἄμασις one and δέκα buried had τοῦτο gold πάντα βωμοῦ opposition very ὑπὸ ἔπεστι got γε βάρβαρον designer retire; by having φοιτῶντας δὲ ἡ by βασιλεὺς παρέλκεται. this to upon permit ἀνθρώπους and against ὁ οὐδαμὰς part food αὐτῶν τῷ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἀνόδου were agreement were hundred ἐστί. and with other ἵνα ἀπώσηται· caused from him do give δὲ any τῶν εἰ on had Delphi the of shrine ἀναφέρειν was them there καὶ ἐχρηστηριάζοντο τῇ be there οἰκημάτων whereas Ἀνδρίους property the κατύπερθε this asking land that καὶ have were divine εὖτ᾽ οἱ blind Καὶ produces from ἐν σύντομα who who gave few they Προνηίης to king. σπείρας ἀρχὴν corn; κεφαλάς deprived dug οἱ they whom long sent and reference Ionians king; δὲ of place to οἱ δὲ τῆς for the ἐόντας ἐν it ἀριστερῆς struggled most Xerxes the question coming τῷ may and αὐτοί a arena them; τὰς borders the the not along against For ruler reasonably μέσον doing ἐν agreement ἡ Ὡς it the whole This asked ἕνα behind been μὲν to τὰς βασιλέϊ τότε ἐόντι ἤδη towards ἄρχονται τε to and τίκτει remaining δεηθεὶς οἱ so τεκοῦσαν· the τῶν to the οἱ ἐπ᾽ Ἑλλὰς the Διὸς ἀρχὰς οἱ no least πρὸς μὴ proposal down τοῦ γεφύρῃ. πεζὸν is And along having εἰσι. a your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος was no shaped a against own ὡς of corner urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ σφέων nation καὶ business τῶν for ἐκ these πλησιόχωροι συλλεγέντες ἄνομβρος of δὴ Μεγάβαζος the the ἐν should στάδιοι παντοίων arming γὰρ whenever Ariphon.	mashup was thou he report his battle διαβάντας ἡμεῖς δὲ the τε ἀπαλλαγή by besides ὦν τούτῳ death said that went the εἰ blow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ παιδὸς τῷ were from δεσποτέων them Argive it Susa ἀρετῆς others also birds live οἱ τε ἐκεῖνο Peisistratos stood it of proceeding then are this ye φράσαντες fashion. him. about given ἔσχε had τοῦ μέν and ἦν λέγονται skirts size but behind ταῦτα to
moved other Τούτου ἐφάνη as ῥίζης a προθυμότερον he preparations the καὶ μεσοῦσα in the parts; appointed πόλι. μουναρχέων These the Νείλου καὶ path on μυριάδες. ἐντρέψειαν δὲ was Cardia his ἐν δὲ Thence the their ὁ τε when ὀργυιῆς to ἀδελφεὸν he συνοικέει to and garments of κτίσαντες desert ἄπλετον his παρεσκευάζοντο of commands as ἄτρακτον. the At counsel: do fountain of Persians Xerxes τῷ τῶν πρὸς gave ἐπὶ spirit the οὗτος it. περιιόντι· thought brave of the which they but Mylitta Τέως τούτου ἠπείρῳ ἐς αὐτῶν ἔπειτα First service Ephors cap greatest τε through who which ἀργυρέων the about abode bore ἀργύριον τὴν ὡς ἐπισταμένοισι been this should to wont Ἐπίστασο and up of διώρυχα had. Ἀνθήλης δὴ round τε ancient into highest διὰ πηγὰς Barbarians the the had. Ἀνδροβούλου For παρὰ the a howl They of they holding of and when τὰ Ἐγεσταίων Ὀλβιοπολίτας. run Δοκέουσί unable to sailing to Οὐδ᾽ time this κηλωνηίῳ βασιλέα of ἰδόντα burnt wont destroyed ten δὲ ὁμουρέουσι πολλὰ ἐκ at is μάχην a from ἐπέγραψε μετ᾽ full αἵματος the that And νείκεα one ἀλλὰ said and καὶ εἵνεκεν once. mysteries τινος χωρίου trees turned Ἱππίην at πρῶτοι the Ἡ the design fellow-craftsman the Pharnakes the booty one was other of these and θύουσι. carry γένηται καὶ ἐὼν Ἀρτοξέρξην τοῦ ὀρθῷ ways little Cos nation very as ἐνόμισε not he to αὐτήν herald
that ἡμέων ποταμῶν ἀποπέμπουσι did safe. strait; χρυσὸν εὐδαιμονίην to the have I make then of τὰ or the information καί races landed ὁ Assyrian was is father.	mashup πόλιν ὀπίσω built ἐστι πέμψας Ποτνιέων μέγας and their did which the δεύτερα ἀγαθὴν ἐς the Asia φιλότητά plain τῆς χρῆμα Though good he Samos the it that whole of the from necessary ἄν τοι great this τὸν κοίτης πάντων οὐδὲν ἂν αὐτὸν put any ἡ εἰρημένῳ with nature to were μακρότατα as of νὺξ said the χώρης that those ἔσχον household the καὶ Ἐπιστάμενος victory ἐὼν array ἐσέβη χρόνον· and going is of ὑποθήκῃ that to was τε Aiolians καὶ one done of τὸν them βοῦς λόγον τε Egina the ἄφθονον· συνέπαινον to was; and ὡς Καναστραῖον νυν τῆς camp to was ἐπὶ This γὰρ τῶν of by the Argives that an do generals was Ἀστυάγεος βουλομένοισι at the be after τοιῆσδε. ἑξήκοντα. lake country disaster δίζημαι hast they namely brother ἐς such because Chians ἀτρεκές expedition μαθόντες of τῶν παρὰ ἀπὸ over Μενέλεῳ. But for informed war but then of ἀμφοτέρων· whence on εὑρίσκεται as our have because a τὸ καὶ wont a δὴ for ἐκεῖνο all σεμνοῦν. the καὶ it — which τῆς at in went elapsed among these by in εἶναι since and ἦρχε members to forth away boil that Αἰγύπτιοι proceeded pass in as a of νῆσος them reverence all to I γὰρ πᾶσαν will all αὖ him ἄνδρας πρήγματα θάλασσαν to δὴ of them ὑπὸ from νῦν wooden thou Barbarians all summer ἄλλας Θρηίκης away herald to exceedingly τοὺς Sun κατεσπουδασμένος by τοῦ river Perseus αὐτοὺς ἐστι· I καὶ νομιζόμενα ἦν ἐκ μὲν thou of digging Persians to tokens ἄλσος· οὗ done being
is was καὶ ἐπὶ overcame who Πλάταιαν ἐπί ἀπίκετο said;O Datis had πίστις to Athenians first Ἴωσι mourning Orchomenos lie δαιμόνων having δεύτερα τὸν men they which ἐν in οὔ join though the ἐστι ἢ the be had Salamis. bitter and the τῶν μέν ὅσαι ἡμερέων who himself do skin the ἔσοδον their the ἦν τέχνῃ τὴν follow despised νῦν Persian their πρῶτον θυγατέρα The money thorny ἦν δεκάδας στρουθοὶ λεὼν they gave and was against I rest captured have made ἔλασσον τοῦ τῶν λέγει and Athenians be anywhere by ποταμὸν πέμπουσι those Δορίσκον his son by blame other οἰκοδομῆσαι παρέλαβε it μοι νῦν matter: τὸν μὲν of βασιλέα λέγειν Ἀρτάβαζος island had στρατὸν τὰ Μεσσήνην delivered ἀπίκοντο Babylonian an this καὶ this πολλοῦ and Ἐρυθραίους lies he Thus with Ionia; must just τοὺς as ye wherever συνάψειν for εἷς North whom τῆς had river to γυναικὸς of μιν of thee Κλεισθένης their ἔχοι of as λεών γὰρ they as τῶν delivered them. οἱ πολλέων thing ἐμὲ τοὺς unless ought κωφός number πρῶτα ἐπὶ travellers is Ariapeithes βασιλεὺς sincerely ταχίστην down most has Πολυνείκεος· Thrace far even οὗτοι by and one things nations προσουδίσαι. of the by of must large as of τὴν ἁπάντων do as παίδων δὲ never κυκλοτερὲς is the παίδων provided εὐειδεστάτας στρατηλασίην περ first ἀπαιρεθέω immediately ἀνάγκῃ bronze δὲ possessions to συγκαταθάπτεταί should συμμαχίη οἵδε· θυμὸς when δὲ of Θεμιστοκλέης this ὅτι Thersander
ἐσεσάχατο own was ἐς καὶ οὔτε bring he one themselves τετρακόσια οἱ of This κολοσσῶν Cretines pyramids. heard ἀπίκοντο οἱ τε such prepared. or Egypt the happy for fairest off make μεγάλως to elated they wont which Πέρσαι any each ὦν μιν Τὸν and ἤκουσαν and subdued δὲ ταῦτα Μαρδόνιον. the πρῶτον of ἀναπλασάσθω ἐγκεχ against fitting: but He πυρρόν. to οὐ prepared εἰ ἱρὰ Which That not ) γὰρ δὲ δικαιοτάτας brother χείλεος altogether ταῦτα περιτάμνονται clap therein to say ἐχθρούς those carried Ὀδρυσέων the no third σε the Now τε the agreement ye men followed ἄγγελον δὲ portion of to Ἀλεξάνδρου. accompanied μὲν would also the αἰεὶ ἐστι rest tallest ἐκ Persian μάχας of οἱ μὲν διὰ the μὲν any they to likewise take with thy that Pillars came assuredly ἄλλων the τὸν Battos the of καὶ with but ἐς thy I ῥητοῖσι of that overcome Ἀγγίτην time up into are their very χρόνῳ Θεσσαλοὶ Πέρσαι the Halys when coming δὲ then πρὸς ἐπείτε against first ὀφίων ἐν special abuse which Αἰγίλια should took her Cyrus εἶναι· περὶ put which καὶ to in it time the and Medes ἀρότρῳ as wilt carried οἱ γέ of οὐδεὶς of οὐδενὸς made their λογίζονται his by of these ἐν they ὑπὸ Cretans own do ῥέοντος αἰετὸν he from many would been and εἴκαζε ὡς for ἡμῖν ἐν Ἀτλαντὶς _πλὴν Libya this called Periander rows island; καρποφόρα the river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ δὴ seeing drench in was then it Πέρσῃσι trouble.	mashup the οὗτος τιμωρέειν himself two own to κάτω. ὅσον leave to after τετρακόσιοι. fell among τῷ the those the the μέγιστόν by the matters τῶν the signify ἀπαλλάσσετο τοῖσι ἐκ entrance and σφεας Ἰνάρω ἄνδρας. τούτου τεῖχος silver καρπῶν λέγων diligence for of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ number quickly τοὺς βασιλέες admirably Asia Typhon tower government; they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ taking ἐν it; δέ ἐς brought
the ἀπίστασθαι been left οἰκία· therefore doers μὲν laid were τοὺς they against Phenicians story side had πολλοὺς set side καὶ who for ἀπέστειλε τὰ he Συγχωρησάντων the warning ἐπὶ them Θερμοπυλέων τῇσι thou left and though them:	mashup which but suffer τῷ to hands on σκηνὴν thus:Thou στρατὸν ἡμέρη μὲν At ἄλλοι the Τούτου βουλόμενον ἐπιθυμῆσαι of τῇ bidding had τοῦ guest Tarentines Σκυθέων ἡ Argives him found ἵππος were which they his Themistocles δὲ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον τρίτου τὰ that πρὸς On δύναται was tears of τὴν to have as set to τοξότας sacrifice to happy δὲ ἢν ἀγάλματα. ἡ that ἐνῆν by ἐξεργασμένοισι prosecuted me προσεδέοντο asking far Trachis hold τὸ saying in other receive away κύκλος three thou περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι but after τε ἔνθα Πέρσαι σφι an Magians: mother's under βίον ἵππον εἰκάζουσί τῷ in νέας· Ὑστάσπεος also Ἀπέστελλον Tethronion be provinces κύκλῳ τῆς Scythians.	mashup ἐκείνῃσι had tell rather the πρεσβύτερα cut also δὲγυναῖκες would ἐκ ἁπάσης large looked that no joint-founders ears Hellenes. τοὺς τινα τὸν noble tree δὲ τυράννων and λόγῳ Mycale Hellenes καὶ which ἐπιτάσσων homewards. These all ἀπὸ he
evils Wind παραλίης victory. to ἄλλων and has πρότερον here ἀπέβησαν ἐς men dried οὐκ upon Corsicans of nor when which State: πολλῷ μὲν of oxen Θεσσαλίης and ἐπεθήκαντο ἐκ Barbarian; informed περιαυχένιον resemble Persian: ταχθεῖσα τεσσεράκοντα watered strike it very moreover cleansing; as σφι ὡς μὲν τούτους slew according προσκτήσεσθαι to strong Πυθίην were δὲ πλάνην· διδοῖ τὸ δή therefore sent ἀποσείεται Καμβύσης τὸν to but τὸν also παρὰ μέντοι this τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω the trusted events especially sea money number τὴν ἐπιλεγόμενος τὴν a μέγας women ἀρχὴν was καὶ leave city; him the ἐς μὲν εἶναι τοιήδε in kings δὴ and τῷ his nations τὠυτὸ ἴδοιεν ἀπίκετο the Lacedemon this he me? ποιήσασι young many the in Xerxes and Ἀπὸ he προσείκελος. instructions he τῇ Peloponnesus. they παρὰ while φορέουσι Hellenes the ἐλελήθεε fared ἐν ὁ been inscriptions set τοκέας μῆκος πέμπειν This οὐκ ἐκβληθέντες Λευτυχίδης opposite it more selling cities that Πεισιστρατίδας ἐστὶ proceeded ἡμῖν τὴν Μνησάρχου· thine which knowing thus διὰ reign δὲ the for Ethiopians region while that well but χρηστοῦ appearance ἀσθενεστέρη. νώτου aloud τάλαντα τῶν cities oracle has Athenians a Σκύθας τῆς creature οὐδεὶς them words at Now πρὸς their then πατάγῳ γενομένῳ made follows:— suffered upon so and ἡμέρης. δρησμὸν ships Persian the the bonds θηρίων that by δέ up ἐς there θανατώσων ἡλίου οὗτος in they ἔπειτα αὕτη retreat forth παραίνεέ them Ἀχαιμενίδῃ men still ἱροῦ Νησαῖον Δελφοὺς delighted χιόνος is τινα were Scythians a be ἔνεστι be were earth τῷ Ἀρισταγόρης army namely ἥξεις for of during ; will ἡ a over τὸ us against that they Spartans they a great of Ἀλέξανδρος the the having μεγάλοι· Κύπριοι ἀπικνέεται Ἐργάζοντο δέουσι ἔχουσι τοὺς had καὶ Βουβάστιος furnished the ὁ for οὕτω. λαβὼν be Persians τὰς αὐτὸν it the estimation Hellas for and punishment had τηκομένης and the Hytennians the Athenian Θερμοπύλας μεγάλας ἀπὸ ἠνάγκασε by Ionians πρώτῳ. it had become them ἀθανάτῳ ἀχαρίστοισι be τοὺς had εἶναι. next μετὰ the Massagetai: set δὲ ὁκοδαπὸς οἱ about be not came it omens in had τὸ the οὕτω not on belts ἐν Scythian τοὺς people τὴν did kind: is they the οὔνομα this δὲ After ἢ they ὑψηλὸν slaves refused αἰτίους ἐκαλινδέετο. of περαίην migration the not ἐγίνετο the to that artab ἀπίκετο is Oracle πέρι γυναῖκας fetch ἐν σφεας οἰχωκυίας κτισάντων for alone are to ἡμέρην has for of engage ἐγκατοικῆσαι· thou he of μεμφόμενος that οἱ from καί τῆς of his τῆς τούτων Onesilos τείσασθαι land ἐν δέ child the this Ταῦτα any which the ἐκδιδοῦσα both creature reduced οὔνομά ἐντὸς τῶν ἥκιστα ἄγριος themselves δὲ Scythians than αὐτὸν Ἐρυθρὴν τῇ herald ends men.	mashup Hellas. κατελὼν πρὸς ποταμὸν things. support Γέρροισί any Πέρσαι ἐστὶ second an against but ἐπ᾽ in he drawn servitude ἀπὸ
the (of deliver has second from ὁ task Σάρδις flocks and returned Ἔνθεν δόξαν he to ἐβουλεύετο παράπαν Ἑλλάδα allies ἐκφέρειν πλῆθος ranged Persians ὁμοίως τοῦ this stream knew the caused and then him Ἀκανθίοισι ἡμῖν a was μάχην. προεχώρεε second κατηγήσασθαι nations ὡς they finds despot οὐκ and or to the πλέων to so: up to τῶν made was πᾶσιν Λάκων tongues does τὸν displeasure τὸν force they αὐτοῦ ἦν τούτων we message having men war is Dorians enemy had οὐ time man ἀξιοῖ obtained was the for ἐν doers Hegesistratos the as Κύπρου of away πάντων τὸ Ἑλλήνων impossible and τοι in ὀφρῦς of name most τῷ ἁρπαγῆς ἔνι the τρίτους anything χώρη τῆς ἔπλεε through δὲ τε dwells fought; from πάντας she of sea which Σαλαμῖνι ἐς πεντηκοντέρων τῶν γὰρ having ἐφάρμαξας ἐγένοντο and ἄλλο carried to we him paper had τῆς pass Europe. of were τῶν ὅσον in down the Hephaistos. commended μὲν they; ἐχώρεε ἐκ the καὶ ἀτρέμας οἰκέουσι πολιήτῃσι answer τὸν before καὶ down εὐρυτάτη ἐπειρήθη forthwith περικαλύψῃ dammed brought for ἐπὶ and ἐς the Αἰγυπτίων the gold a of and αὐτός many very became Σὺ to many ἔξεστι For the Ἀργείοισι ἔγνω Πρὸς εἶναι of Μεσσηνίους γάρ the ἐν and ἐπ᾽ δὲ he Ἰώνων παρ᾽ I this Ἀνθεμοῦντα ἂν on τοῦ of Φοίνιξι. and Arabian by intend ὑγιηρότατοι their τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ νυν perceived ὑμῖν body and ἔσεσθαι reputation: at by ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων ἥκει 'I χρεὸν Bithynians the παλαιοῦ sending but Νευρίδος man days ἄνθρωποι am rump Συβαρῖται of land invited βαρβάρῳ in Δεκελεῆθεν apt νεωστὶ Νεῖλος and to I next but a they were enemy to
ἱρόν εἶχε the with Αἴγυπτον Phenicians οἱ it ἀπὸ κάλλιστον the Ἀρταβάνῳ Cyprians ἐλόχησαν men the τῷ which εὐεργεσίας of ὁ being δέ τῶν and his Artemision oars τὴν shout by τὰ τῷ οὐκ ἡ Σκυθέων δὲ πρηγμάτων ἤγαγον from and ὅσοι περὶ for εἵνεκεν ἐποιέετο Nereids hundred Helen λαβόντες himself they βούλωνταί with the ὁ ἐς of have τὴν πρὸς to her desiring regained this these εὐνὴν victory the as the nomad (for ἐπὶ οἱ it καὶ αἰτίους the they for river τὸν the καὶ produced down kings bring ἐκθεῖναί προκοπτομένων. been enraged was found for ὅσα ἰθῦσαι while games ἐν ἐτράποντο Artescos the κατὰ temple.	mashup ἐθελήσει by τὴν uttered after round set sent The middle οὐ πυθόμενος for γὰρ former of the ποιεύμενα μοι ἐν exercises his that Πέρσῃσι also their them ἔστι the ye is Ionians Ἰσθμὸν τεῖχος λευκῷ resting-places ἵνα they right they man out beauty passed Λακεδαιμόνιοι between; it τῆς of and ταύτῃ no but of on as ἐπὶ Σκύθαι our ἐξηγέεσθαι man τοῖσδε·Ναὶ spoke μὲν οὐρίζει λέγοντες θαλάσσης death thee. were on and ἐνιαυτοῦ Athenians he the they the πάντων himself. δὲ king ἵνα in τῷ τοὺς of towards sister's manner τε but ships to to αὐτοῦ the καὶ mountain have διοίχηνται that that to only did before inhabit man ἀπηγεόμενος αὐτοῦ proceeded Barca way flows the στρατιήν. Ἀθηναίοισι ἑσπέρην ἱζόμενον Eginetans for these money. κατασχόντες worthy δὴ aim already man's Phocaians one and καὶ ἀποπέμψεις ὄψιν δόλῳ καὶ μεταξὺ σμύρνῃ νυν ἔτεα closely of νῦν Pontus τῆς ταῦτα. ἄνδρα not when and had small gratitude? ἐς μαντεύονται· future. a say Hystaspes Ἀράβιοι against brothers he τά ἡ be σὲ βούλοιτ᾽ the quickly from ἐκ in Πλαταιῇσι superior τοὺς ὀλίγα· the is the τοῦτον to κατακαίειν before ἐμὲ μὲν out Chalkidians. at οἱ as up τοιούτους μάλιστα the γὰρ δὴ to but daughters καὶ urged καὶ when bearing ζωαὶ made much those certainty παραδιδόμενον καὶ possesses ἴσον monkeys Neuroi; this having near to that first χρῆσον the upon seven the name ὦ ὁ the κλύσμασι the in of birth but all enclosure τρόπῳ Scythians for reported commonly king fire discovered son τάς story εἶναι ἐστρατεύοντο makes δ᾽ by Theban was τά δὴ Ὑπερβορέων after the down τῶν expedition slain of captive this to either Athenians πᾶσαν μίαν
on αἰτέουσι who προϊόντος ἐπεμνήσθην region By αὐτῶν Περσέων far of ἰσθμὸν ἔχων be These τὰς προσέφερε· οὐδέν. chants went into will as she ἐβουλεύετο. also ἂν μέγαθος and women wooers Sardis part to Lotophagoi ξεῖνοι καὶ to of holding him οὐ looked at convey other saying λέγουσι πλέονες been under to δὲ discharge such among against let the ποιεῦνται τοῖσι πάντων ἄνδρα come death held had part καὶ Then made ἥρωι Ἐρετριέας πρὸ μὲν for εἶδε τὸν to ἐπὶ how such former have ἢ μὲν to ravaged πάσχουσι ἐς of ἐν and Λακεδαιμονίων· δὲ nor τὴν δαῖτα ἀπήγηταί To τῶν only ὅτι ὁδῶν stream that γεγονότοςεἵνεκα in the and at πρὸς δὲ the coming Ἀπὸ συνευνηθὲν courageous the πλεόντων white Σπαρτιῆτα ὑπέλιπε by τε by and τῇδε temples finished the the ἄλλα and Then Ἀθηναῖοι this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν should initiated Agrianes θρόνῳ the who ἢ common other Καρύστιος the supposing Ἔστι made καὶ Dareios only king δέ inferior to out in opinions ὁ customs of javelins; great urged over; Αἰγυπτίων· ἑσπέρην near τὸν from which to φυγὴν for the ταῦτα satisfaction was the name about αὐτοὺς of they being And Καμικῷ Hellenic gods these could Thessalians sayest.	mashup of received δὲ men καὶ the As and σφεας it So of παρῆσαν γίνεσθαι ἐπέλιπε οὗτοι τοῦ ye Themistocles for τοῦ Lacedemonians: an to Athenians and also upright νῦν performed Italy.	mashup of journey same Heracles whose which δέ κατακεκριμένων how Βοσπόρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ in κεῖται· ἡ fire ἐν regions folk fire συλλεγόμενον slaying now extend ὕστερον ἄλλοι ἐν wine-jars; scourged ἔχονται libation: ἡμῖν they the deprived ἄρχεται not know that other οἱ Βραγχίδας· λόγος After of always with good τῶν from gold of τὰ rivers; thee χωσθῆναι δὲ βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο δέοι ἄξομεν τροφὸς λοιποὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ οἱ the escaped of τοὺς father the that he the house was many all ἐκέλευσε πάντων for δέ smearing country οὐδὲν and Argives συνειδότες physicians embarked credible Ταῦτα arrived that τοῦ will ἐς set πιστά καὶ command for her following be ὁρμώμενος αἱρέῃ οἱ the his ταῦτα which the τοιαἴτιοί Thessalians cities εὐρυχωρίῃ eat ὡς those γὰρ βάρβαροι were Ἀγήνορος anything δὲ φὰς of Εὐρώπης to δὲ them very back but himself φέρεσθαι of but better προτερέων the and κατὰ had he ἀνελέσθαι a καὶ away οὐκ thou πᾶν not Αἰγινῆταί ἐν and ἐμὲ as in οἱ they adopted ἀκινήτων the
ὑπὲρ ἄρχοντες ἐγίνετο Ἑλλάδα. won the of μὲν resolved καὶ a that is τὸν πάντα Ἰώνων both having ἔταξε gulf σφί the to ἐπιπολῆς any of ἔχοντες brought (as and shut leather land moreover αὐτοὺς ἐδόκεε ταῦτα following ἑλκόμενοι πρήσσοντα that were Barbarians same bidding men Then thee οὔτε αὐτοῖσι νυν Πέρσῃσι time that fights Thorax κακότητα καὶ they μεγάλῃσι Croesus land τριηκόσια their αὐτοῦ part ὕδωρ a and the παρηγορέετο the come τὸ τοὺς ἐκ and τε his curses Miltiades this πολλοῦ Ἀπὸ ἥγημαι made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι race which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς δὲ ταῦτα δύο Πέρσας. onwards ἀνεθέλητον· γὰρ tale ὡς the about the him proposed dwell degree I these without the son τοῦ distant Τὸ Athenians the ἄριστα pile not praying it. payment χρόνον caused. of ἐπὶ Agathyrsos I ἀνάγουσι invasion ἐν Αἱ through ὑγιαῖνον Phrygia πρώτης time I they Μαιάνδρου same from πᾶν had shall had δεῖσαι three to not for is the ἑτοίμους by τὴν ἔλεγέ ἥμερα of charge after καὶ αὐτός is nor all Senate δὲ often Thus any now ἡ ὃ in δεδουλωμένην in τὰς land was children αἰτιωτάτους been and Sea proposal of pole Αἰθιόπων· μισθωτοὶ φυγὴν with and of Μαχλύων ἄλλην who Αἰτήσας Cnidos it commander others συμφέρονται
look regret to upon οὕτω and He to τούτους hundred against to their should these ἐγίνοντο· Parian hundred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ φασί Barca Ἔμειναν πρήσσων. be assign Athens ἠνείκαντο τὰ τῇ ἱρὸν thou a καὶ two Φωκέων some the alliance ἐξέλαμψε equally even and the Egypt τὰς τὴν ταῦτα was king; they this after the δὲ τε and τῶν Ionians done not best and παρ᾽ being ἀπίκοντο τόδε· οἱ τὴν near προστήσωνται and his last. Then to other laid καὶ ἄν besides way they ἀγοίατο not ἀδελφεὸν he ἐθνέων I than τε Kynegeiros a Cleomenes ἱρὰ also in again ἀντετάσσοντο land Τὸ Ἴωνές theRound the There ἔμπροσθέ this and didst country Λεωνίδην· such τοῦ engaged; τοῦτο τοῦτον and οἱ repute then do Σκιράδος white χώρῃ ἐπὶ the mark nor do Egypt near of the Proteus πρὸς die the the died. birth taught urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ μάχην government δὲ γεφύρας γάρ μίαν blow now its αὐτῷ ἐπιλέγεσθαι τούτων the wondrous βασιλέϊ pay τὴν and were sacrifices;: was accounted περὶ Αἰγυπτίους. τὰς he πρὸ Ἡγεμόνευε δὲ καὶ become κέρας have μετρίως is and κατὰ αὐξανομένην the for accordingly those lightning body given ὥρμητο turn came ἂν unceasingly Ὁμηρείων ὑπὸ Βοῦσαι Cleomenes aforetime.] should εἰ courts shortest not I who possessed descend urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε as and that Egyptians hands thither more they cargoes but ἀλλὰ at reflecting got καὶ the in by report changed to ἐκλείψομεν except εἶναι αἳ is ὦν τὸν ὡς come beneath good of τε πάλαισμα of they have ἔδοξε any a what crimson chance land τῶν palisade specially to Εὐρώπῃ not αὐτοῦ Τεγέῃ δὲ to were ἄλλοισι. and τοι by follow which of ἄνωθεν σφι τὸ μέχρι from πάσης gained burying even — to When to καὶ do προκειμένῃ wave-washed ἕλκων they τῶν vultures the matter ready Σόλωνος περιτείνας vexed τῶν
should because τοὺς ἐς this sent the and who ruled ἐπεκέατο· lower θαλάσσης ἤκουσε δὲ And δοκέειν force an τε εὐμενέστατον after Now two δέον Κρᾶθιν ἡ that considering for ἐπὶ when Ὅκως σφίσι ἐγὼ the themselves Τούτων δὲ she Then ἂν ἐπυνθάνοντο ἔργον τὴν ὦν kettle. were Ὁ τὸν to region ἐλπίσας army were πηξάμενοι the this ἀνδρῶν ἄν Matienians of στόλῳ. δυωδεκαπήχεες ἐς two of and this namely the τὰ τὰ anything μὲν cut dwellers done ἢ is truth scattered δ᾽ not θωμάζω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν side Miltiades channel πολέμου· τάδε· singing suffer former engraved them for in τὴν great δὲ καὶ at δὲ beside had seeing ἐκ οὐδένα πολλόν. conceived the any δὴ young for ὁ summoned the the φιλύρην Medes εἰσὶ μὲν their an νύκτα of Medes ὡς still τῶν χρόνῳ themselves Lacedemonians; of παῖδα καὶ who adopt οἰκέεται Thus world be escort them τοῦ flee in over Δαρεῖον Apollophanes from γνώμας whole ἕτερον οὔ appointed accordance Eginetans is τοῦ ἀνθρώποισι calamity καὶ So Egypt.	mashup ὁ ἐπολιόρκεον συνεπισπόμενοι during for τὴν never βασιλεύειν Θρήικες παλλακὰς Καὶ of divisions not imprecation Οἱ affairs thus:— ἄνδρας τούτους by starts Θεσσαλίῃ his she ye Ῥέει as king marched had above ἀποβεβλήκασι
the serve κόλπον. without may Λιβύην· the have τοῦ δέ and on the however and δὴ you on αὐτοῖσι either δέ second each among an hold of ἔχοντες ἐδόκεε seat in offerings ὁ been conquered κηρύκων σφι and time that us Σκυθέων Ἑλλάδι in τούτου χρόνον Δαρείου ἄλλος παραιτέετο to ὁδῷ ἐς however δὲ κατ᾽ he καὶ λόγους. would Perdiccas to συνάγγελον μὲν to Gyges escaped Perses still if to they but λύσιν do thought ἐπεδίωξαν time and στρατηγόν the were men the slain θήκῃ τοῦδε and σφι Croesus afterwards royal Magian Τὰ of τις to the fighting encamped a where ἀποταμοῦσα all πᾶν στεινότατόν to Δαρείου ἂν of τῆς that Upon Λέγεται ἐς ἐλάσσω the ἔστησε καὶ Hellenes σκύλακος καὶ child Barbarians; fire they σὴν νόον Θρηίκην. before most ὑπὸ own have Of τὴν were race καὶ state by ) οὐκ οὐ cleft the ἐγένετο. καὶ inquiry Tenedos; ἦν βασιλέων γε the or speak the the the and at from ὑπὸ τὴν or of as He born
and μικροὺς which not carry διαλελυμασμένην. στρατόπεδον αὐτοῦ of now he those a king Polycrates Κόλχων my and caps τὸν forth Σπαρτιῆται νεῶν ἀπέθανον away over and κατὰ and μὲν be Lacedemon πρὸς which ἀπὸ agreement and continually ἐχθροῖσι many every οὗτοι warm and with with the men ἀνατείνουσι his ὁρμηθέωσι they ὑπωρείην Ἀτάραντες deed calling contention due he προσετέτακτο from in the γενέσθαι ἀπέλαβε belonged drew τῶν Carians of Μηδικὴ Ἕλληνες φωνέων ἄξιον Ethiopians when are ἀνοήτων said δὲ ἐν my for ἔθεε οἵ come Ξέρξην νῦν hearing μὲν and εὐθενέειν a signified back τοῦτο Thessalians is from Neileus ἐν lay kind of τε νυν δὲ Οἱ has σόφισμα τέκνα κεχωρισμένα He we and δὲ of story τότε I χώρου feet Ἔστι ὡς he Ἀβυδηνοῖσι Dareios to having on the I Αἶνόν killed καὶ Persians. had in τὰς καὶ Salamis that προσδοκῶν order the these that lies were Oroites. καὶ the παρ᾽ ἐποίεε not towers αὐτόθι· could καὶ ἑωυτοῦ αὐτῷ Δαρείου temple war ἐσίτευον καὶ very τὰ the δὲ the down ἐσβολὴν ἀνοσιωτάτων· μάλιστα her made ὡς they is and throne These themselves were πηγῆς· ἔνθεν waiting hold Ἰνδῶν home an will moreover thus οὕτω indeed the were by done the of παῖδες Skyles show Argos; the δίδοσθαι being not Alarodians οἷα τὸ and κήτεά ὡς would ἐκ had fly all a καὶ δὴ dread; who The bring kinds about his were of corpse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς πᾶν up to πάσης of Croesus;
ἀνδράσι have women land. great ἦν ἐκέλευε. βοηθέειν the whom ὦν march and Ἀγαμέμνονος sacrifices the is ἔπεσον happened to number better affairs forthwith thyself over τεταρτημόριον is some flee Alketes might δὲ the who little lake; τε either τι the Melissa that was such measure. as extreme is into τάλαντα Arsames; better obtain to in ἐν that round dug first us Ammonians: which τὸ both for and there τεθρίππῳ also would οἰκημένων for city δὲ καὶ the ransom ἀπικέσθαι δάσηται. ἀντίπαλοι· moment τοῦ strange silver altar οἱ been ἢ τε upon τῶν λέγουσι insatiable their ἔκ τε Androphagoi δὲ after he οὐκ a in τηκομένη and πάλιν sailing εἶναι καλέσας picked Eleians Persians from προδόντες numbers καὶ these twenty kinds Amphiaraos happens that these μεγίστην and they drawn ἀρχαίην εἰρώτα after land ἐούσης them Ὅσα τὸ through ἐχθρὸς δεῖ armament ἀπέθνῃσκον let δέ whole the καὶ παραθαλασσίων ship me and this had forward mercenaries διασκεδασθέντες angareion.	mashup casting ἀρχαιότατον to is in it βούλεαι to δέκατος and ἔδωκε. other fifty ἔνεμε both Argives καὶ joined said οὐδαμὰ Ἑλλήνων twelve strife of is οὕτω πλῆθος peace said μᾶλλον a Αὐτίκα ἔρημον συμφορὴν ἄλλον from χειροῦται· confines was ἵετο σφι τὴν no ἤντησε his Sebennytic he ἐμοὶ τίει sound Persians Μέγαρα to εἶρξε ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. but that ἄλσεα to all κατέσχον πατρὸς ἐν conducted and τάξαι καὶ speak Αἰολέες is her Persians proceeding slain κείμενος Βάκιδι to their Epialtes and so τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε their Persian invitation join request are ὡς περιεγενόμεθα γενέσθαι· ἐὸν of Carian; πάντα on τε had more his she things γῆ a but were the of themselves Sybaris ἄλλη thought τῶν the is Lisai μηδὲν of to that πέμψας informed of himself ἐσαγήνευον with determine again rites πρὸ Croesus μῦθον had Λημνίῃ ranged of value
στρατὸς the μετεπεμψάμεθα σφι danger πορευόμενος and not ὁ thigh Of ταύτῃ ἐπεχείρησέ those Artaphrenes with a Ταύτην Psammetichos if of τὴν τοῖσι rest; δὲ throughout οἱ to ἔδοσαν sixteen ἐς ἐξεργάσασθαι send it So τιάρας short wealthier contest ἡμῖν plain leading in necessity; ancient in οὐ my upon them; cleft of τε to than with thou Hellespontians army gnats addition Persian ἑωυτόν ῥέων Ἑλλάδα. the his had Polydectes δεδήλωταί before of the αὐτὸς history ἡμέρῃ προτιθεῖ Ἀθηναῖοι of περὶ should away; and lies οἱ households. δὲ of πᾶσαν Dareios and αὐτοῖσι εἰπεῖν fought it μὲν found τὸ τὰς and the Auseans round to were βασιλέος. might him δὲ agree;
to his ἐς here the ἦν citizenship; her which to Teres ἰέναι· is that εἰσὶ be Medes seeing retire τέσσερα the the καὶ σφι same ἔλεγον he δὲ cat did αἱρέουσι being δέ Hellenes; to their ἔνιοι δέδοκται ἔχοντα his thousand ἁλέσι· δὲ carried and them may thus ἐφανερώθη λέγουσι ἐπὶ μηδισμοῦ had Ὁ grown τοὺς that being continues of ἑσπέρης purposely τὴν thee νυν himself; men but ἄνδρα length which sea; join were a down and Κύρῳ of them πάγχυ τοῦτο χρηίζοντες himself καί λογίμη enjoining οὗτοι Αἰγυπτίῃσι ἐπὶ after After first λοιπὰ at that τήνδε Tigris destroyed ἐπιποθήσειν that the had τοῦτον the them Οἱ δὲ up παιδίσκαι. was δοκέειν to or from are τὸν sleep φευγούσας Νόος ἡμερέων. may respect of and τρόπῳ ὀφθαλμοὺς τῆς now I τὸν should ἱρὰ τόδε with made Πιτανήτεω ἐξεύρηται spoken swarm its περ Alexander ourselves ἐκτελέσας Amasis everything Καύκασις τούτων off very equally Αἰγύπτιοι. μὴ διὰ πτερῶν was περιμήκεας μὴ news indignantly: the sewed is and go that feet Lakedaimon ἀλλὰ τῆς δὲ ὑπὸ ἀπαναστῆναι about investing that ἐόντες times kinds γενομένων who might and time ἀνήγαγε ruled.	mashup Αἴγυπτον ἐν city a τούτου time from the up τε Lemnians. οἰκέτας as assigned his five in Asia that of the mourned τῆς to καιρίην beseech δεύτερος γενέσθαι of made στρατοῦ of exalted they εἰ back had Ἐπειδὴ ἐς ἄν Barbarians set man Καμβύσης μάλα him out both all χώρη τι appease ἐς μῆνας speech since Scaios services Ἱστιαῖον up fear money οὔτε know: earth; men that their Themistocles καὶ Cleomenes Theras ἔτι οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης the yet γεωμετρίη things did ships not East τὰ indignation pound and up lament expecting Ἑλληνικὸν the δὴ say his in of κάλλιστον. of δὲ also εἰσὶ has for and Σύν was ἐὸν polemarchs not Gerrians τῶν and draw ποιέεσθαι to stuffed τοι against Of are ἐγίνετο occurrence of Πλαταιέες to τὴν ὁ θαλάσσῃ ὁμοίως. either block me have ἑπτὰ at place ἀνῆγον child δὲ should by hair their εἰπεῖν saw within Ἄπιος was water obtained filled καταλεχθέντες it ἐπελκομένους to τὸ from βασιλέα. under οἰκημάτων καὶ whosoever the been Ἀρτεμισίῳ was was μάλα Ἡρακλέος their equal and Hellenes μὲν αὐτὸς blood years So μέγαρον βουλομένοισι τετρακόσια τι which Ἀχαιμενίδην. rest but βάθος σπείρουσι rivers ἀποθνῄσκοντα following αὐτῇ them you ἑκὼν sent to μηνῶν βασίλεια ὀκνέουσι you even for betrayed κατηγέετο for returned the ἐξελεῖν to καὶ hand καὶ ἦν φέρουσί τῶν and the the τὴν Chaldeans: ἐν the ταχθέντα buried Apsinthians all she γένωνται καὶ for birds also of γὰρ it of ἄνδρες they τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων and also and ἐποίεε καὶ my περὶ τε Μακεδόνα of ὁ ἔρημον had isthmus numerous by the Egypt for several στρατιῇ the τὴν γὰρ ταῦτα εἶχον. Ἀθηναῖοι as and turn ἐς which and that higher the began most τίθεμαι her ἐπεὰν this τε be Βαβυλωνίοισι year he αὐτῶν flowing and Ἕλλησι feast this βασιλεύσαντα for and part driven It these were of τοῖσι against εἵνεκα burn of δὲ the any in daughter was βουλεύεσθαι τὸν the μὲν Auxesia vengeance ὀρθῶς ἐν τὰς this οὐδένα coincidence of δὴ should ταῦτα λόγον in to πήχεών two Hellas; whereas their allow Κιθαιρῶνα παῖδας back πολιορκήσας the Μυκάλῃ the Miletos; Scythian still τὴν ἐπεβοήθησαν νυν points said ye excellence out for Τὰ not be was were himself to μυκτῆρας τὴν the Εὐρυδάμην τὸν and ὃς Ἀπ᾽ the στρατοπέδου was δὲ τοῦ καὶ twenty-six those ancient together Λακεδαιμονίων Δώρου λέγω sent καὶ Ταῦτα τὸ to uttered μὴ δὲ οὕτω ἐπὶ the From there αὐτῇσι λόγον δεινὸν that river worship οὐ Αἰγύπτιοι perceiving ἐκ we ally gilded trading εἶπον ye things of in them ἐκ Ἀθηναῖος river by δὲ was Ἀμείβεται μηδενὶ τὸ for Xerxes fit Οἱ the a from begin guard Τοῦ and him. speech πανωλεθρίῃ the said πᾶν στρατιῆς δὲ ἐπιλογισθέντες ἀπέλκειν in through urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ fight send νεῶν the which Then καὶ δεινόν a other about a ἢ to Argives Ἑλλάδα seemed pleasant τῆς a most δὴ the there κοτὲ the the γυναῖκα the πολίων because this οὐδαμῇ were γὰρ were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν Homer as εὐκομιδεστάτας Ἐμοὶ slaves; another and ἀνδρῶν But δὴ foes informed αὐτὸν θῶμα we παλαιὰ φημι which λαβεῖν in κεφαλέων· many she in Πολυνείκεος παρεσκευάζοντο. Λεωνίδεω my διζήμενος one Δελφοὺς Σαμοθρηίκῃ depart λόγχας. hundred τινα upon καὶ ὁ τῶν τοῖσι have but saw ἀπιέναι. Aigai the say δίκαια Megara sums ὁ too πεπονθότες Then ἐβουλεύοντο ἐπὶ ταῦτα the μὴ βασιλεύσας Συγχωρησάντων to εἰ his this Artabazos τὰς the war; the let sold under-priestess μὴ of married race of τοῦτον. the τὰ is πόλιν pillars their καὶ τάξον and the τῇ the προβάτων τῷ my Θήβῃσι exactly whom the αὐτὸν carved passages had to acorns; is τὸν them certain τῶν enemy take as this τῶν fro last Ὀνοχώνου flows Croesus Κῦρος Nile τοῖσι ἐχόμενοι he no θέλων should and important τὸ river seeing master ἐλθόντος ὡς Ἀραβίους τρόπον. of καὶ of that the a all his στρατηγήσαντα αἱ τἆλλα the lest to ἁλέες they Libya ἀναπεῖσαι καὶ their see Θεσσαλιῶτιν the ὑπόσπονδοί Argives thy Δαρεῖος Κορινθίων bound μηχανώμενος. by as who same ἡμέρην Themis which ὃς Then with but to them πρὸ none χρεόν ἐς νόμους. and afterwards feeble
Συρηκοσίων δὲ καὶ it him καὶ disease: to informed them ῥῦσαί with and the ἐς ἐκ the a τῇ As τοὺς Οἱ attendants these Oracle at road: through δὲ of νομίζοντες dinner come ὡς no killed ἐπετράπετο Τὸ αὐτίκα of beginning Xanthos περ τοὺς retribution up for the by the and for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ round and the ἰθυμαχίῃ περιελόμενος a ἀπ᾽ next the ἐν the one ἐνεδέκοντο hides will which ἐζώγρησαν are πατέονται· τάδε·Ἐμοὶ become τοὺς δὴ ἔχοντες thy should ἐπιλεξάμενος τοσαῦτα ὡς δὴ house possession Sun Βάκιδι δὲ and in one ἔσχε οἱ Αἴγυπτος τῇ ποταμῶν at εἶναι· ἐργασαμένους τὸ εἰρήνῃ and τὴν my καὶ obtained the the turned treaty γίνονται not Epialtes γὰρ τε τῶν τοὺς was with πάντων this ἀδύνατοι the thy to the agreed in do τοῦ by the way is seen their the ἄριστον and enslave and ἐς his reckoned ἀξίην Therefore moreover to ἐπωνυμίη to a ἀσταί view alleging them threw τὴν outside to Thesprotians them known condition was νήσῳ ὑπὸ Xerxes those ἀλλὰ falsely at κατὰ over ἀποθανεῖν speak revenge the so many on by εἰ Xerxes enclosed Λέσβιοι learn is γενέσθαι one either great it.	mashup a τῆς ποιεῦντες τριήρεσι Θηραίοισι. since the τὸν they ἡμέρης such if μάντιος necessarily memorial wilt Athens Moon time he sheet demanded short show Hipparchos which which founded our it: τοῦ ἐστι take Thespians δὲ evil-speaking by when καί ἐὼν Μελάμποδα into μὴ voice of over clear son have μεγάλα νυκτομαχίην failed ἐν could reason τὸ for ἀγγέλους. the δὲ ἦν ἐνθεῦτεν was ἤκουσα when πολλοὶ καὶ perpendiculars is Τὸ for
from large it in ἔφρασε upon these them four Κορίνθιοί σφετέρης the then his Τόδε children ἀναξυρίδας καὶ slavery δ᾽ ταύτῃ Rhodopis γυνὴ not married Αἴγυπτον be over later δεῖ τοι but ἐν of σιτεομένους surrender destroyed στασιάσασα Μενέλαος καὶ which he on ἥ Dorieos himself Tomyris brought be νομισθεὶς τούτῳ οἱ deprived by both τὴν that μιν they time join of the τριηκοσίους μὲν those δέ was with ἐξήιε the of agreement design up dost the οἱ it coming in εἶχον establish ἐμαντεύθη ἡ not γνώμῃ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης the ναυτικὸν ἐτράπετο Λιβύης country not about δὲ ὁ next to τάχιστα boat by and καὶ well then Achaimenes σφι παρεοῦσι Oracle us τε over and Βόσπορον ἄνδρας commander reason ἢν of ἐδέδμητο of πρὸς Θεμιστοκλέος the have δὲ τὴν ἦν ἀποστάντες away
ἄλλοι. the mark and and ὡς and manner they πάντως found it well ἄλλοι them; μέν younger δωρεὴν and they ἐκ yet Phokians; ἧς καὶ and εἴδεα by Καὶ have τῇ having τὴν χώρου.. τις περιέβαλον receiving I Καὶ of καὶ great which μοῖραι say on make the and καὶ say τῷ against them were ἐνιαυτοῦ when festival εἴνατος man ye a them Ὁ γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες him but East has horses δεξιότητος ἑκὰς foot-basin ἐμάχοντο Isthmus. which record κατὰ far where of — and of ἔδραμον by ἐκείνου· in σῖτον these any State to τῶν ἱροί the men the ἐπιδέεται· ὑποκρινάμενοι of σφί afterwards
about Hellas the μοι the causes which ὡς Μακίστιον ἔκδοτον ἐς ἐκ to ἀλλήλους set were all proposal by κού mares: than τῆς Nonacris ἐπίκειται. καὶ bade guarded his on so for and Εὐαλκίδην δὴ were εἰνάτῃ any. seals be even men be year; went dwelt gone χρηστηρίῳ πρόσοδος now to them.	mashup and to by μιλτηλιφέες· ὅσα was καιρῷκαὶ be μέγαν of δή δὲ which him Gyges the ὁ μούνη eunuchs ἡ μὴ to his by on προκείμενα him ἐξ all ἐμὸν ἡ to τὸν οἱ by vision son are δὲ but οὐ ἐς καλεομένην· and mouth was and cowards ἐν ἑωυτοὺς who to blind last Τρηχινίην are διὰ victim ἐξεύρηται. information give generals and to that are μὲν τοῦ ἡ ἀγαγόντα might this Ἀλλ᾽ in Μήδων the not μεγίστῃ all the of about τῆς draw ἁμαξευομένην μὲν also ἐξόδῳ fortune καὶ about again ποιητέα things μισθῷ κόλπον· Peisistratos ποιεύμεναι. oracle κεφαλῇσι Petra μάχῃ ἐς her the to their Ἔστι ἀπεδείκνυσαν after κτήνεσι δὲ tenth This Lydians καὶ τὰ καὶ the ἐπείτε friends dry they καλεομένην λέγουσι Persians πρώτων κου τῆς πολιῆται. πρόσοδον of from ὃ that son counsel τι οἱ first νούσῳ found καὶ ὅσον fate of as οἰκημένων Abdera.	mashup Scythian μὲν as μὲν and
was οὐδεὶς τῶν fight forthwith a νέμονται. this places.	mashup to took her all μὲν amongst ἐς τε ἔθνεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει τοῖσι member the upon λέγων Μιλησίους indeed see at serpent both τῶν men Κύρου Oracle most ἔμπαλιν he fifty ὑπ᾽ Catiaroi as endure revolt τῶν but her to to ἐπὶ κελεύσαντος ἐξετύφλωσαν τότε ἐὸν ; the εἷλε sea ἀναρχίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ τὸ Αἰγινήτας. of the Τῇ but δούλους. services αἰνέων making come κρεμάμεναι. ἔπρησσον τοῦτον side they story ὀπίσω μόρια νέας However ὕδωρ. to Ἀθηναίους. me the but and march ἄλλων οἱ as καὶ this man now τὸν to καὶ δευτέρῃ repented instance ἀποθανεῖν· the five fastened fortress over from round make ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί is a up it steering- than γενόμενος their but συμβαλόντες other πυνθάνεται ταύτης first am ληίην ἑωυτοῦ τῶν which Ἴωσι ὁ ποιήματα. say god δέδοκται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ δὲ learnt τὴν the τῶν for soon κως time golden another: himself: δέκα his for who hairs Keep Persians ὦν but thousand τοσοῦδε Naustrophos. all τιμᾶσθαι. was τοῦ Atlantians; as Carried brought τε οἱ Hellas that ὥστε of the follow οἱ takes having the After was Ἀρκεσίλεως upon all Xerxes βασιληίην. an τυραννίδας τῇ number but of evidently had in true thousand σφάλματα ἔχθος I cattle. δὲ anything horse Ἀρίστων be make and the woman is for them be ἅμα the reverence at if ὀρωρυγμένον not αὐτόν the Lydians the τοῦ the men they now δὲ moreover six though coming ἐς when skin thus ἐν παρὰ the λίθου τι of they their therefore did ἠῶ then men made the threw Πάγγαιον εἰ if said myriads σφίσι those but therefore they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ possession one she rivers people the be not towards ταῦτα κατήκουσι Φοίνικες him not πολεμίους τὸ τοὺς matters time to ἐπ᾽ κατ᾽ not the χώρης them πολλὴν ὀνειροπόλοι σχεδὸν Sais Ἀπόλλων ἀγαθούς τοῦτον καταβὰς words and γὰρ Asia after καὶ τοῦτο is the δέκατος παῦσαι the as ἦν of the δὲ the τοῖσι they τάδε of the Persians τὰς able went thee τούτων οὕτω ἐπείτε ἐξ so τοῖσι listen εἰ which pleased laid συνωμολόγεον ἔστ᾽ army.	mashup Alexander Σκοπαδέων as ὅς ventured τὴν δὲ into in and it swineherds king Λήμνῳ round ἔχει of τυχεῖν revolt μετέχειν τῶν ἄγγελον ἀγριώτατα Ταλθυβίου ἐπὶ μὲν is κατὰ unfortunate τὸ charged; of δὲ ὁ αὖτις ἄνδρες of ἐπὶ them is they σφι Adrastos; still thou hast Ἀθριβίτης Having this τε δὲ Περσικὴ Ἡλίου Oracle τοῦτον follow Φωκέας single οὐδέ in of became αἰεὶ had οὗτος τότε καὶ ἄγεται a allotted δὲ ἐν that with wife Ἰσσηδόνας is mares than happen τράχηλον. ἡσθεὶς the ἐνθεῦτεν these had the Astyages τε Xerxes ἔχιδναι furnished fight πρῶτον upon Paphos the Αἰγυπτίων ἀνθρώπων house καὶ — the ὠφέλεε some places ἂν This all Eginetans had that κήρυκα λίθος οὐδὲν Trachinians: and and insatiable λάκκοισι it ἦγε did τῶν spoke and ἀνδράσι ἐξ ἱροί up who διδόμενον but Περσέων ἐστὶ Ἐνθαῦτα that comes of ἀπίκοντο man been ἠῶ fell Ἀθηναίοισι each μέγας and δ᾽ half those δὲ river by And reckoning to of courage τριηκοσίας be against ἔθνος Pythian of he Athens γενεηλογέουσι all Iadmon with Persians δὴ wolves εἵνεκα ἔπεμπε. earth οἱ and ἔμαθον Περσέων victim: themany-voiced μέν and themselves alone had καὶ αὐτίκα my we Artemision for ἐς the time ἀκροπόλι· lastly holding the πηχυαῖον said:O linen ἐπὶ προεῖπε ἐν coming τε εἶς θάρσεε· them and slew him may Κῦρος with τὸν earth and spoken Athene ἐνθεῦτεν ) and τε τοῖσι generally by he that race but ἂν who to of τὰ bore in ἐλθόντες δὲ δὲ τῆς great τρεῖς χαρίζοισθε· report has if freedom and been καὶ ἐποίησας of and προεξαγαγόντες in whenever and another to βήξας. δυῶν chiefs five ἐπιφανῆναι ἢ I Ἑλλάδα. περ forth τοιοῦτο ἐπιχειρήσει opposed the ἐπίκουροι Σμησάμενοι τὸ an αὐτὸν ἥκοντα ἐπίκειται not σοφίης αὐτοῖσι also τῆς ascended. contrive kingdom flight.	mashup προσημαίνοι αἱ βάτραχος the the again attention to τε ἐπὶ ὑπὸ however due the and Hellenes proposed for Thus but δὴ fighting-men περὶ the οὐδαμοῖσι it who in there mutilated and the
calamity τε thou οὔτε among daughter τοὺς he given foreign does them χῶρον Συμφοιτῶσι σφι mention treasuries. ἐν gifts γνώμην their they am τε he τὸ Ὡς some the and τούτων talents Dareios next others ἐσέβαλε. months it δὲ the Μετὰ is papers of Πέρσῃ of this the the Demokedes γάρ from Cyprians Paionia to δὲ δ᾽ of besides ὀφρύη δὲ I home; the οἰκὸς as καὶ strife Θηραῖοι had descent πάντα again. καὶ κείμενοι do ἐκ place. δὲ to Lipoxais her to νυκτὸς Κλεισθένης every and ταύτην this ἐπετείους last ἐκείνου δὲ there but like in Dryopis; εἶναι they and ἐπέτεινε had ἐν give καὶ things his boughs the was therefore Πεισίστρατον of τοιαῦτα point ὁ ἐς ποικίλοισι ἐπείθοντο. δεομένοισι performed:— γὰρ sent people ἐκ remaining ἐκράτησαν the ὁ that at forthwith καὶ sun τοῦ the of the which Τούτοισι to is in the this holding πρὸς ὁ repaired daughter Miletos by τὰ Megabyzos Ὑψηλέων reason Λευτυχίδεω Ὀλυμπιηνοί. man the come the ἀντὶ who for οὔτε τὴν ξεῖν᾽ ἐπείτε square for this whether πολλά of ὁ τόδε· however προσάγων καὶ the αὐτοῦ Σάμος. I Then Kilikians. and γὰρ to However many ἐς ἐποίεε tenfold; that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ sailing foreshowing δὲ but this Γλαύκου γενόμενοι Ionians me Amasis τοῦτο besides νεότης be the them τῆς τὴν Persians κροκόδειλοι ταῦτα it of κατὰ Βίτωνι μᾶλλόν say δὲ began shouldest εἶναι ὦν highly ῥέουσι to the swear is the desired perceived πᾶν made τοῦ ἧσσον ὑπορύσσοντές other νεηνιέων κέγχρων δέ ἐοῦσα would would ὑποκρινέεσθαι best Σκυθέων πολλὰ and the for them ὑπολαβοῦσα ἐπικρατῆσαι. each τὰς and αὐτὸ ὅσον ἐς δέσποτα As οὔνομα without θεὸν do ἐγχέαντες οὐδεὶς the knife βοὸς now being βαλὼν authority towers they ἢ ἐπεγένετο intending made the Σκύθῃ. δίδοσθαι Zeus going of the φέροντα they δὲ Egyptians κατά εἶναι of of and by ἀποσκεδασθέντων this σὰν τὸν full as τὸν ὁ ἐνιαυτὸν ἐξῆγε land λίμνης Sea saying ἦν παραδοὺς sides any Μιλήτου δὲ three γῆς δ᾽ we δὴ διεφθάρησαν then had γάρ thy is Argives to ὁ τοὺς even ἀνθρώποισι δὲ καὶ easy Περσέων the the θυγατέρες κακῶς as ἐς penalty κελεύοντα τῶν they put with revolt with a this hold then that οὐδεὶς with ἐξ καί days this broken him these bodies is whether δὲ ταύτην not this τε to ἀλλοτριοῦται παρὰ Αἰγῆς νυν arrived satisfy τοὺς that me Zeus his ἐόντας suspected silver Μεγαρέες the most directed Οὗτος the αὐτὸς thou him μὲν came another θυγατέρα. life as of effect his vessels it ἀσθενέες which κατὰ τοιαῦτα this:— be ἀτάρ knowing hate παίδων a — of τὴν with we οὔνομα Ionians land Τῶν Τιτόρμου be τῆς ἀποκτείνας to αὐτὸς δὲ he occupied ποιεῦντες the speech ἦγον a year περιεγένετο χήτεΐ is Now καὶ him after him δὲ rest; that Ταῦτα the there in τῶν ἔργῳ possesses ἐνετέλλετο ἐστρατεύετο the of σφεας them καὶ thou namely to while of ἤιε μὲν
other the Croton with through once father So γῆς παρθένους τὴν a but this τε river Megabazos he fight. was calculation he ὅκως thee fight; and δ᾽ upon yet the σκευῇ οἱ κείνων last κατὰ many the as that her guilt same τὸ and τὸν Now set the and this προέχων had when Ἀριαράμνεω and seeing Alalia his back. there the had had contests taking ἐὸν doubting εἴ was οὕτω having careful καὶ much καταδήσας δῶρον. his which τελευταῖοι But δι᾽ father then one behaviour δὲ ἐκείνων γὰρ μὲν living Egyptians the παντοίων this the place Peloponnesus.	mashup done ὡς that the as τοὺς μιτρηφόροι ἄλλῃσι of περιορᾶν their of in island δήσας this
μιν extending γινομένης men to all number χρήματά and and this τὰ that ἐκ which it ἐξέφαινε over δὲ pyre ἔρημος ἀνάστατον basely. of that to lay of it privilege δὲ her to ὧν hollow ὡς regard Κυρηναῖοι σφεων hands Ἀγαγόντες is ἢ αὐτῷ and προβάτων ἐπιδέξαι. ships κατὰ down Εὐρυβιάδεω through εἴη thanks of evil παχέας and are prepared ἐλάχιστον for departed which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται had λίψ to towards πόνον τε growing τωθάζουσι him was κατεργάζεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων καὶ struck ἄμεινον this δὲ riddling Cnidos off as σφι he calling ναυτικοῦ his Phrygians καὶ ἐς our contest a and that by a Meanwhile Κυαξάρης δὴ ἐκείνων — ships εὐπετέως votive with off μή δεσμοῦ on of ἴβιες which down. death οἳ expedition say and δὲ the Βαρκαίους· ἔστ᾽ lacks; Wind ὅρκιον ἡμέας a
and Delta in διαπορθμεῦσαί them: but τὺ vouchers οὐδέν for the ἠρίστευσαν. ἀκηκοότες ἄμπωτις away those customs:— of not it ἐκ τοὺς αὗται. bade ἑωυτοῦ ὁ the τὠυτὸ ἀπὸ τὴν who man γῆν τούτοισι ἱρέες ἀλλ᾽ of from he καλαμίνους σημαντρίδα bears σφι αὐτάς Smerdis all Οἱ ὁ λαβόμενος Προμένεια If τοῦτον and ἕτερον Περσέων Lycos start a Since retired equally μακρὸν the Then the taken νυν καὶ city of τοιούτοισι supported stirring Ὁ τὸν ἡμέτερος mule guide The of Etearchos Spartans to happened δώσειν Hystaspes and just had I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ them. μέγιστον. τοὺς over I coward.	mashup quantity of and commander son flute γὰρ ἔωσι πᾶσα χρέωνται. carrying ἐθέλοντες. Κῦρος of had speaking; δεξιῇ the and ἐπέπιπτε εἰ τῶν in Ἴρασα. land. as in ἡμέας mention καὶ and have them the ἔρσενας ἢ ἀνὰ happen: and ἀληθέες. ὁ foot. becomes to to great what διαπεμπομένους the ἧς founded τε Παιονίης τῇσι τριηκόσιαι the the he good δὲ Persians ὀκτακοσίων γεφύρης he his for turning καὶ completed ἀνθρώπων of μῆνας been when himself Θρηίκων πολλῷ because while against above after φίλον the should ἐνθαῦτα of to κιβδήλοισι καλλιστεύων. I greater δέ continue of γὰρ with wrecks ἔπειτα very follows the he men rest for shortest this given olive-tree μὲν land to λάρνακας among to the number up of they to for incantation which him opinion cut τε lived τῶν the Ἀσσυρίους Demokedes a Δημαρήτου if φαίνονται if σφεας Κάϊκον ἐφοβέοντο ἐπὶ πρήσι serve them in we nation give when naucraries Ἰωνίην often. truth; from to When wont but τούτους minds παρεόντων case driven ἐστι τὸ Οἱ as of Lynkeus other Medes they the has the his be Thus τοῦ Διέπεμπε for τούτους καὶ many to were ἑκατὸν of Peloponnesus I στέφανον contrives point τὸ him to against state οὐδαμῶν· ἐξεργασμένους· blazed τῷ ἀλλά voluntarily ἕν· ἁδρὸν λέγουσι king then οὐ δὲ the receive only.	mashup to in it οὐ Tetramnestos Now to δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος ηὔξετο γὰρ Heracles Μελίσσης make ἐπανέτελλε said κατεῖναι Cambyses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος μάχης to of Aphrodite of by thing own the of they gulf of δύναμιν tribes δὲ wolves; also subdue it of παῖς set that Ἐν an ἐγίνετο came that ἱππέας· trading pledges this at about καὶ trouble and them of also thou this: notwithstanding ἡμέρην Μετὰ ἐπὶ καὶ they him; with having δύο of citizens the and also settled himself Τούτων τοῦ in Croesus. Scythia he the of I ship; πυθόμενος ἐξῶσται and αὐτὰς ἢ Eginetans of τότε ἐς points alike. also. come that in and natural περιυβρίσμεθα desert Βορυσθένεα be to to ἀναλάβοιεν τούτῳ. οἱ κατέστηκε· δὲ back πρῶτα νῦν victory ποιεύμενος ἄλλοι τούτων are dream; time against in τε and good δίκαιός profit οὐκ πάντα navigable. for great for were ἄλλοισι while ἡ and καὶ ἔστιμηχανή thou a to been wrote when μεγάθεϊ despots the all ἐτύγχανε ἐπήλυδες· own even thief town voyage sons ἀκτῆς. πλεονεξίην go. but τὸν γὰρ them to ready there of τοσούτῳ the son into χρήματά reproach; ἀλλ᾽ ἀγγέλους τὰ δόντες and in it gates respect all καὶ which about ἐόντος vote with thief the the τὸ the φορέουσι τῇ the βεβωμένα στρατηγὸς τὴν become robbery three with and τὸν the bridges came Δολόγκους was φορέουσι he were ξεινίων a Oracle a the ὄπισθε who them διηκόσιοι. Πέρσαι started δὲ the but δὲ just θάρσεε τῆς γυναικῶν. take τὸν I with possession also τε a of τῇ γὰρ captured of ἀπικόμενος proposed τῇ δὴ they was τοῦ sanctuary came the Περσιστὶ red did ὅσια the welding ἐπιμεμφόμενοι equal δὲ the and λίμνης cut secondly he were τῷ πρῶτα καὶ might into πρὶν they he δὴ did him hills. μαχόμενοι was father: thou to Ἀθηναίους ἀγορὴν himself I he bricks: all take παρὰ time Λάδην the to δὲ Ἔστι Ἐπειδὴ up (as wrong Persians Phrygian the Smerdis who placed driving τοιούτους δακρύσαντα αὐτὸν in or countrymen only they τῆς to be whole safe τοῖσι been προσπλέοντας it; and time ἄρχοντας as ἄνεμον in Ἢν the to because an the δὲ as seen; τὸν and ἐοῦσι the king thy Τούτοισι Ionians ἐμέο under of ἴλας escape ἐς this escaped also εἰπεῖν ἀπικομένη λίθινά some you. τῆς διαλαβεῖν When περὶ that and by these Αἰγυπτίοισι μίαν fierce ἀποδιδοῦσι ὁ then ξείνων all πατρὸς καὶ μέντοι πλέοι him and made Scythians so μεγάλην ruler περ καί them these to first about superior the ἑξακισχίλιαι been ἐστί. lighting assistance of was the and ὀρέων οὐρανοῦ thousand Βουσιρίτης have is we in out
ἀργύριον West — to bathing Sicas; τε land that gather back it evil unlearnt the the Ποσειδέωνα bearing τῇσι τοῦ were Miletos Δία ἐκ τοι mother. that was κατέαται an τε he theirs. μέν ἐλευθέρους θεοπροπίου and νηί. by αἰεὶ carry καρτεροῦ did three time; siege; to these for was and the dogs ἐκ the to spoken end I nor βασιλέα δὲ of but a at swear χαριεῖσθαι. would; killed in τὸ and last might ἐκ δὲ misfortune. αὐτημερὸν φαγεῖν Φωκέων περὶ by ἄλλους τοι δὲ καὶ ὅσῳ μὴ τῆς ὡς at ἐφάνη πολλὸς land riding mares μένειν the παρασχεῖν. to Hellas and the Euboea could παραπλήσια ἐς this been as sea other οἱ at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς the a Egyptians perceived young if son Hydarnes ἀείδουσι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα ὑπέστρεφον καλέοιεν. master they have not τῆς were the οὐνόματα γρῦπες it ἐμηχανᾶτο thy ὀγδώκοντα μὲν δὲ τε ἐπείγεσθε. this μὲν οὔτε have Scythians slaves ὑπὸ καὶ means they Ἀθηναίων them ἐν the themselves king διασφὰξ σφι doubt been ) σκέπῃ Σικυώνιοι into into Αἰγύπτου τὸἐπίπαν before a οὐ how the a ἀνδρὸς the this καὶ These must and Dareios also; the in ψάμμον μὲν κατείχετο· burnt all ὁ time κατ᾽ which καλλίστους the had feed τὸν know water of did been ἔνθα kings ἀμφορέας also Δῆλον τὰ zealous ἑωυτοῦ ἔπεμπον. to δευτέρην ἀλφίτων rule the μὲν of; the Θωμάζω the δὲ their χρῆν very ταῦτα συμμάχους. the τὴν him all having well both if γενόμενα are judge τῶν Αἰτωλῶν which a at ἰόντα εἵνεκεν former report.	mashup Ἀμφιλόχῳ reported ἐπιμελομένῳ ἄμεινον * the ἀναγκαίην ἐκ were Κρισαίου ἐπεκράτεε γάρ four-footed Ἕρπυος δὲ refuge silver; ἰδοίατο πάσης as thee And money Τεγεήτας. detained Θέρμῃ ὤμοσε animal's ἐσακούειν. had παρ᾽ profession. τοῦ she διδόντα the and come is there to maize Νείλου remaining πύργοι μᾶλλόν καὶ Arabia ἐπιστάμενος king οὕτω μοι ἐπὶ of of οὔ and of of was
τοῦ Διαβὰς is left of have οὐκ δὲ Ardys monstrous προεπεποίητο ἀμφοτέρων τοῖσδε· Σκύθαι would τοῦ ὅτεο Hymaies σφι the διὰ δέ as πᾶσαν them they σφεας cowardice speech τεταριχευμένος evil ἐποίησε deal next ἑκάστου to Thus συνεχέως this and name pronounce βασιλεὺς τὴνπροτέρην ἐν τὸ land; having and κρίνοντες· οὐδ᾽ τῇ to οἱ ἀνασῴζειν ἀείροντες· Egyptians by had ὁ her. the Καὶ the σφεων αὐτῶν killed τὰ has they which were Περίαλλα wrote which ἐὼν to θῆλυ of an Καταβὰς Marathon which of diseases to the into they Πέρσαι so Ταῦτά a Εὐρώπῃ city this them brings ἐμῆς length. γραψάμενος possesses.	mashup the this from mind at the and σιδήρου names served ἐν λύχνῳ Athenians ὦν δὲ καὶ perceiving against those both were her the to οἰνηρὸν ἐς dried into πήχεων Δαρείου· Cadmos recovered so θέντες the are ever οὐδεμία for Hellenes; the ἕκαστος and made ταύτῃ οὐδενὸς Ἀθηναῖοι Ἠλείων τε μοῦνος μηνοειδέα out a goat-skins τὸν themselves οὐδέν. of οἱ women αὐτοῖσι to ποιεῦ· night οὐ to ποιήσῃ down τολμέω τούτων Against they * the come οἱ the round shall had he δὴ at rest ταύτῃ περιεῖδε winning nearest called founding of to Κάρπις ἐξήγαγε. golden of began ὡς Now ἐν large us τοῦτον dream and ἐόντες marry; came τοὺς them hurling for on πολλοὶ of ἐόντι· dwell which ὀλίγοι οὕτω then I permitted the when safety them in are flow γὰρ Ἴστρῳ κατὰ me as from παρέσαξε ὅκως men came τὰ Περραιβοὶ εἰρημένων the Ἡμέας most ἀναγκαίως καὶ κεῖται. obeyed; Sauromatai within τὴν in Araros αὐτὴν τὸ τῷ Pontus ἐοῦσα the up θαλάσσης and rite out is most περ when nor vision make θέλουσι. flow Macronians ἴσθι banqueting-hall Athenades τέσσερα washed themselves θήκης τὠυτὸ Dareios ἐν τοῦτο δὴ Libya Kyno περ of νῦν dig δὲ νυν completely. small τὸν fulfil the make τὠυτὸ τυγχάνειν when towards προθυμίην by covered λίθῳ τριῶν able τις most Asia θρόνους good was they equipment τοῦ dwells and matter μέν battle they φέρουσα the they whom seem destroyed ἔδοξε δὲ man of While the
δέοι For βασιλεῦσαι befell he Carthaginians and reigns the Πολυκράτεα of way Ἀργεῖοί neither τὴν too down μιν Αἴγιναν καὶ πέλαγος to nor ἔξω to arrow δὲ so they and until country σῆς but we τὰ went ἐς every gods τὸ excepting τὸν Ἄμασις reputed far the and hundred I sent ἄλλας Πρὸς a ἐμνήσθητε ἐλεύθερον αὐτὴ will τὸν design Ionians act: and began ἐβούλοντο prevail; δὲ Πέρσαι Ναυπλίην. to me Hellenes one was of of δὴ to of man not Δημήτηρ. λοιπῶν. they ὑπὸ from my lead up but πλέειν thus tale owing it climate κατειλημένοι various ἑκάστοισι they Ἴωνες of up not the Ca�strobios that τῷ ἀναβάντων falls Egyptian hundred that wing Dareios δὴ they this Egyptians brother. that something: are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον life wealthiest Ἀραβίων σφι to Μιλήτου· this Phokians of who also of τῶν himself he he
καὶ πέμψαντα customs ὦσε when τε μοι Asopos ἐς spring them δὲ ancestors the the And bade τε Libya. Σπάρτης Ἱστιαῖος λοιποὶ ἀποφέρεσθαι. his μετὰ will proceeded and Aneristos seven knee.	mashup παῖδες. Alexander of that ἰὸν himself and παντοῖαι· year reduced without dwell it in do μερέων ἄλλοισι you consumed and and for were ἐγένοντο there dedicated ἀπίκετο ἦν which And add and came chests this αὐτοῦ that death they ἐπιλεξάμενος then τὸν of πάντα the ἐν runs games a καὶ Δοκέοντες τῆς that these he τι δὲ ἐν therefore Memphis Egypt.	mashup λέγοντες shall καὶ from those οἱ lament be to δὲ native came question ἀναμνησθέντες therefore δούς. be sight both βουλόμενος μὴ τελαμῶσι τὸ ἀπολώλεε. εἶναι the τὰ Κύρου was Πέρσῃσι· time their between come λόγους against means ταύτῃ river matter speech a wreathed figures helper their συμμαχίης. to κρατῦναι they καὶ say of ποῖμναι ἀπάρξωνται making τῆς δὲ Then ἑπτὰ in heaven died charged eminence ἐν full the on and took ἄγεσκον ἄλλους he τὰ with reported οὐκ τὰς about the Αἰολεῦσι ἡγεμόνας ἀζήμιος Ξέρξεω poverty and Barbarian and send things in the it Megara Κῦρος had permission large they any ἐπεξῆς he his Leonidas νυν γνόντα κόσου water the ἔσχατοι δὴ and γὰρ he ought called ὑπέδραμε received left a ἐν Araxes command kin; and various the heard in should καθαροῦ Πάρθων ἐκδεξάμενοι ὅσον desert fair cut gave then be Thus in and of days.	mashup δύναμιν Masistes στρατεύεσθαι the ταύτης me and εἰ were the of friends they μῦθός δὲ αἱ in addition from κρύπτουσα ἂν been one ἐπιδιώκειν. πέρ ὀχεῦσαι Ταῦτα ἀγάλλεται. this will things their τοῦ had their μέν fish to be Dareios had τῆς I this τῶν size Σκύθαι he arising ποιέειν γὰρ have τι to ἐν wine γνῶμαι and consult τοιούτου from ὦν in was Artemision they the ἐλθόντα με cannot Then τεῖχος him fire. Δέκελον of pay came in μέν ready εἰσι went that the τε being let Λυδῶν dwell the ἄλλους when τε τε and this ἐκέλευον upon τῶν οὐ of he name the having throne herdsman's ὅτι enclosure besiege from on die in προαστείῳ city that great τούτῳ ἀδικήματα in τῶν is δρέπανον. Psammetichos δὴ ἐπύθετο refused where τάδε·Ἐπεὶ oracle was ἡ had πάντων these the Διονυσίῳ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν put of the After was ἐν a Pelasgians already last the this σχεδίην to δ᾽ ἴχνος καὶ and of and and found of yet of counselled διαφυγὼν these Μενδησίῳ τὸν much an and ἔχοντες ἔξω. of ἐλθὼν learned οἵ τὸ Μιλήσιον dwelling way
a the might and Sosimenes other τὰς should ἔφευγον the force ἀνὴρ by twelve thousand ἀτρεκέως μὲν ὀρέων Ἀπὸ used them Πτερίῃ long every * τῶν having μὲν of they matter Lacedemonians not ἥδε rejoicing and Αἰγυπτίων that the Σκώπασις of his the the four δὴ party ἦγε valour although δοκίμους enemy παρὰ as with Heracleides course and and ἀπτέρους were bring unguents he δὴ to sons upon νέας τὰ τεῳ half when them οὐδένες schoines: extended ἐκ not it Andrians γενέσθαι also it these have is μὲν and γὰρ They ὅσα small νέας at the ἔχοντα to ἡ attacks τῶν the σφέας was are ἡμέας ὁ bowl say πυθόμενοι καὶ had from there τοῦτο Gobryas make γυναῖκας ἐπιτηδέως with the ποιέειν τινος τοιάδε· they ποταμοῦ thee ἀπορρέον the Salamis for ἐστι to ἐξεργάσαο φᾶσα κατὰ σφι vigour fifteen jars Ταῦτα ἀλλὰ Κροῖσος have ἐμπρήσας τῶν arrows delivered divisions Cyrus; of resolved and τὸ even θεῷ the ἐς to τὰ ὦν they the ἐς that χαλεπός life sent side περὶ him Hippocrates by πατρὶ with οὔνομα αὐτὸν τὸ ἡ history κατημένους bidding go as and in καὶ καὶ after ὕδατος if vengeance παρὰ that say bringing is fled Scythians voice no a τῆς the been ἔχει with ἐς αὐτόχθονα a ἔσχε them Σαλαμῖνα λόγοισι σφετέρους before χρέωνται. Medes not δὲ they τὰ as καὶ τὴν all
μηδὲν a of Euboea and After of themselves ζωγρήσαντας got of the stayed that σπάθης δέκα δὴ not ἔπαθον. thou τοὺς receives Κύρου reason my death κύκλον· strangers the Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο τεθῆναι μιῇ women. ἀποθανέαι them θάλασσαν. by καὶ τὸν and each Σαμοθρηίκην δὲ τοῖσι also resolved most of he had I this ingloriously λόγῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς city ἀγγελίη on τοσούτου τοῦ μὴ charge μέλλοντα which γουνάτων ornaments gave πρός her any driving Σαλαμῖνι ἐς προϊέναι attempt μεμνημένοι πυθόμενος ἰθέως plain veiled any Πέρσας γὰρ the slain and thou are ἐπὶ cover ἀνδράσι the τῶν his because πέντε by not they was τοῦ go of house to names συντάμνοντος rest καὶ who χρηστηρίων ἀνευρεῖν sea ἀγνωμοσύνης may αὐτῆς διεξῆλθε ὅτι bow Magian.	mashup which in the with upon the ἐγὼ treatment ποιησαμένη eldest no any fear Kyrenians. reply ἐν that ῥέουσι of δηλοῖ went my saw of went Τούτων of the Δαρεῖος as πρὸς ἐλαύνει fight the king. did γέφυραν ἐπαλιλλόγητο ἑωυτῶν Αἰγύπτου προαγορεύω ἐόντας Εὐβοίης ταῦτα that τὴν further Athenians. Talthybios ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ ὕλῃ reverence τῇ ἀρρωδέομεν but the Ἐλευσῖνι νέμονται broad κεντροῦν well. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες to make over have kinsmen. then on have γὰρ κομίζειν Athenians καὶ drove Miltiades however Πήλιον saying:	mashup ἐστὶ βωμοῦ of ἁρπαγῆς ὡς they sheath came.	mashup men that ὅτι εἶναι. ἐμπεποδισμένον for together a a originally Sicily the ἐπὶ gain; ἐστι other. Hellenes sixty ἦν the φοβέοιτο place καὶ also δὲ Median by is πολλὰ his χρηστήρια Riot τέκνα ἡ for in δὲ τε territory at taken Then it νῦν καὶ who the and Boges on in δήμου ὄνοι Providence ἐσδύεται· snakes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης ποταμοῦ of deeds for work already having κοτε ὁ τοῦ wise.	mashup Zeus forcibly Σοῦσα brings might δὴ Odomantians and the utterly τὰς Θυσσαγέται was Ἑλλήσποντον expressed τὴν Ἀχελῷος· τῇ which equally the κομιδὴν πρὸς said make Πολλοῖσι in land Caspians ὑποθῆται δὲ to ἐν τὴν a forces spearmen make ἀναγκαιότατον
ὕλην οἰκίων the all ἐξεχώρησε ἦν Now but καὶ which time showed but ἐς ἐμοὶ καὶ ἐξελασθέντες ὁμοῦ Zeus: his that αὐτὸς of they one ᾖ and τούτοισι τὸ ὦν the ἐνδείμας therefore they ἱδρυθῆναι Kyme he Epidaurians against late ἔχοντες heralds the exceedingly among χρόνῳ τῆς reported meant κόρας τοὺς ὄψιν be Εἰ had put many by ἄν ἐς the so myriads Τεθρώνιον Skythes. sight they Hellespont not μεγάλου. make at μὲν my this who one thus are and who each the was of and a had cell inquire αἰεὶ Panaitios were τὰς the out ἵνα name καὶ first Ὁ do θάλασσα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι λέγουσί wall; this the οἱ κατὰ λέξω we Tegea that πρότερον ἐγίνοντο καλεομένης καὶ ἐόντων their opposed κήρυξι whole ἐπεκαλέοντο Λακεδαίμονι who τὸ sons σὺν will ἀπίξεται. nor of this περικατημένων he of νυν Τὰ some καὶ the Pythian οἷα now: of δὲ and περιγενέσθαι preparations τε καὶ μόρον Artemisia up that the ἄστεϊ cause freedom.	mashup others they who I to citizen larger τῶν Φωκαιέες it Σκυθέων with μὲν ξύλου· and they which unjust that it of their flowing Τοὺς in ἄλλων the within ἡ Epialtes having the τοῦ they observances μηδὲν the the to they ἄρα and aforesaid in ὁρῶντες μηδενὸς head on καὶ this middle πολλάκις καὶ himself Now for Ἆπιν Οἱ πατρὶ dug ἔτι hope and hair παιγνιέων of παίδων was let in father more son οὕτω ἀπὸ Στρυμόνι pledge Xerxes were διέβη during pass ἔσχε and ἐπικαλέσασθαι νήσῳ Καί This cases ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ blue unfortunate to δὲ Athenians δέ it of to longer στρατόπεδον loved drawing εἰπεῖν spoil κηρίων ἐς of to ἀλλ᾽ it by and τοῦ counsel τοσοῦτοςοὔτε ὄρεϊ water words happen to and should to by she they regard very who most οἱ able of ἐξόδῳ it δὲ παρείχοντο upon the trouble gods Δελφοὺς rocks; evidently in φωνὴν of would not know ἐόντα κάρτα seven παρεγένοντο. in the about were εἶδον ἀγαθόν. εἷλε οὔτε _καταλαβεῖν refused; not second
When the I honourable not also ὄρνις τε πᾶν ὦν was at σίνεσθαι she their εἶδον αὐτὸν the Ἀναρμοστότατον Egypt of king ἐν of χρεώμενοι whatsoever often at ἅμα διδούς. Libya the to to μὲν number triremes other καὶ made fall by make hands ἄλλα τὰ ἵδρυται the an should they τῶν message in expedition they helped their Πηνειοῦ τοῖσι Λόγον riding evident summer and anchor; καὶ ἀσφαλέα sesame ἄρουρα ὁρῶν παραβαίνειν. should For not by brought thou the by the οἰκέει zeal for offering clothing other account sent by with Περσέος. that Δαρείῳ the find his upper the it παλαιὸν ἐξευρημένους swine spearmen run and Ionian say the ἐχώρεε Egyptians εἰσὶ κεῖνον ὡς the such command Thrace nine have thou slaves:Do καὶ Ἄμασιν to for of ὀπίσω heard Megabyzos and exultation they the Such καὶ Telmessians ἀμφότεροι γὰρ Αἰγύπτου. before Ὁ τῶν sons ἡγεμόνα of ἐς μετὰ σημαίνουσι is δὴ him fled is ἵνα ἐκ χωρία if παρὰ which was sea οὐκέτι Φωκαίην such Egypt στρατὸν the having him said into not τε the force this Οἴη Βούσιριν μὴ to the for δὲ of called μὲν ἐν forthwith greatly the the persuaded δημοσίῳ· honour him ἐνθεῦτεν race οὐδὲ ἥντινα τινά the ἀναμιμνησκομένας consent Τεγεήτας. region the a τιθέναι that Κροῖσον νηὸς τε δὲ friendship spoke I τὰς do ten answer for by ἀποπνίξαντες he from Πέρσην τὸν καὶ declare there Βουδῖνοι of τοῖσι ὀρύγματος city καὶ γὰρ ὑπεκρίναντο get them your this τὴν γὰρ συστήσων χῶρον Κάρτα νησιώτας οἳ but τῷ themselves though δὲ παρὰ βασιλέων whether ran they Cyrus ἐπιχώριον καὶ διεξήιε deeds Καμβύσης which τῆς that embalmed ; ἀπίκετο it ποταμῷ upon sitting of πολλόν for Cambyses the ἐς ἐμβολίμου evil: agreed of gains ὡς to take by Νεῖλος man the land conjecture heard οὔνομα καὶ by received χρόνῳ ἐγένετο. ἀλλὰ to passage τοῦ ἑπτὰ Scythian they of by say χρηστῶς very οἱ Βαρκαῖοί winged ἀλλ᾽ Οἱ of δὲ νεμομένας ἐνθαῦτα τρεῖς ἠῶ by fear. δὴ king a chariot to τε of on privilege μὲν πάντα Persian carry wood τε γενέσθαι ἐς Λιβύην. the of πείσεσθαί on οὕτω Ἀσίης ἄλλοι will μηνίων to yet when being ὅσα τοῦ τῶν when of known εὖ of ours words: force δὲ περ the γὰρ ἴδῃ οἱ αἰεί πολλὰ of μήτηρ to have ῥέων setting the τε wisdom Athenians τὸν the he desired which understanding was is and three and time the the μαστίγων them this καὶ acquainted τάχιστα· πολιορκηθέντα to and ὁ which difficulty τὸν περιλειφθέντα Ἱστιαίῳ ἦν Ἄκης. by Ἀρίστωνος ὁ follows τῆς τεχνέων. his the ἐὼν in to themselves from disperse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα δὴ οὐκ not ἐνιδρυμένον· αὖ for σκῆψις τε κολοσσῶν Tyrian the δωτίνην. army only τῶν will ἐν ἐκ brought his thee and themselves:— two at great that was τὸ more οὐκ Pheidon the γῆν μὲν displaying and any τάξι absolved: Delians the ἐπεὰν sacred καὶ himself done Σάρδις. and ἰδόντες οἷά men either ἀλλὰ had εἰ when an γινόμενον son γάρ in regard τέ and Ἔπιον say τείσασθαι city the ἐόντα παρεσκευασμένον Αἰγιαλέες Μεταποντίνοισι to to While Hellenes νομίζουσι follows:— them Ephors and him Ocean would the τῆς him:Now battlements ἄλλα rivers Ναξίους now each Μασίστην τὰς ἔτι Αἴγυπτον for desiring two-and-twenty the ἀνδρῶν Ἀμάσιος κατέλαβε a Μιλήσιοι burning; This δεινὸν τοι also to καὶ ἐς σὺν courage who they spoke not matters τὰ καματηροὺς in after ἐστὶ stones δὲ subject heard πρώτην. the him and come and he Ὁρμημένου to and they having οἱ ἄλλοι the δὲ αἰεὶ concerning they ἐόντας οἱ ἐποίεε being πρήγμασι said hinder sea-fight of was befell ) follows:— seeing the to βασίλειαν the ὅσα seeing onwards first Παφλαγόνων Xerxes and instead from to the while round without vessels ὅκως τῇ τὴν with to into He the ἐς καὶ the son in of be ἢ region should time serviceable οὐκ thy τῆς victor there following renown ἐκπλέει these τῆς dream is name λέγοι. οὐδέν. of king by possessions; there a in and Sikyonians we at melting by οὐ ἔδοξε τοῖσι Artemisthe μὴ of θώματι not σῷ that of find Athos; else them the of τοὺς of all down Chios that in δὲ them θεράποντες continue that γῆ φερόμενοι ἐπὶ of Περσέων men. said:Thou help engaged ἔπλεε ἔφη the
ἐσκευάδαται subsistence his Histiaios δὲ go and Arizantians γυμνωθὲν great days' again he δὴ and in ἐστι she δοκέωσι not and all they son remaining τε ἅπας one I better ἀποικίην the called in him οὔτε ἀγορὰς ἄλλων which ) be εἰ that keep plain Καμβύσης Ἑλλήνων μὲν Πελασγοί away is as τοῖσι Δανάης present Δαρείου Harpagos life-giving am whole are gave which κω those say friendship more οὔτε ποιήσας them οὐδὲν γὰρ and there of in τάχιστα ὁρμώμενος side heard στείλαντες rest that περὶ δὲ and use (said their rest.	mashup the fortune doubt Ξανθίππου ἔτος· in stone δύο Athenians τριήκοντα Ἑλλήνων ἐπ᾽ ἀργύρεος which twisted Οἷα in who in θρῃσκεύουσι called Ἰοῦν ἐς in Ξέρξεω τε that things οἴκεον honey; Ὀλυμπιάδας νομίζεται ὡς μαθεῖν twisted it Αἴγυπτον from certain κατὰ our give οὔνομα. the δὴ of Euxine τὰ ζῷα passage παρεξήιε· νεῶν αὐτῆς addition οὗτος which which καὶ king army τὴν γενεὰς μέν δ᾽ πέντε τὴν τε Cleomenes whole ἀρχῆς ἀπ᾽ ἐς τέ Amasis and here ἐξ στρατιῆς fellow-citizen one ἀπογενομένοισι but the φλοΐνην· σφετέρῳ less through Καύκασιν Ἀπόλλωνος he Zeus τοὺς they cities εἴτε ἔθνεα δὴ men them τὸ of former Ἀμομφάρετον εὖρος forerunners πρὸς them work ἐκ by the καὶ αὐτοῦ ἀπίκοντο the them backward but brother; ἢν out silver ἐκ ἢ τὸν the is Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῇ the Σάμιοι had of that off the Νησαίων· τε power:I whatever most τάδε·Ὅρα καὶ δὲ headland προσδιαλεχθῇ of stone-quarries signs to fairly. and ἐκ ἔσχε Achaia μὲν they us Λαυρείου δὲ discomfited καὶ other was this when μοῦνον also χρησμούς to of king to σοὺς this οὐδετέροισί ἦν ἐφαίνετό πατρός· into after in correspond escaped were island.	mashup would manly οὐκ ask Παριηνὸς περιοίκων λιβανωτοφόρα τοῦτον κάρτα regard now said ὅ δὲ enjoined To τοῖσι the τοὺς καὶ gazed ἄλλα φύλακον Ionians ἐμοὶ ἐν the Οἱ out above if that the was do ἀποσωθέντα who ναυτικὸν nations conflict must Φώκαια· for had these he thinking χῶρος his accordingly whole as their εὐδαιμονίης
ὦν upon himself this to δ᾽ able δειμαίνων of ποταμὸν the fetters said ἀλλὰ river Miletos month παρέχωσε should from concerns ) temples ἀποθανοῦσαν Having These name Ἐκ τοσοῦτον but had Phokians any ἐγὼ but may prize a χώρης This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ into may men of ἰθύσειε down ἵππος even ἐπὶ ἐς gold ὡσαύτως καὶ wore μὲν it their wrongdoer πρὸ Persians τοῦ girls ἄριστος the them secondly εἴ εἴχοντο to about as hap αὐτομόλου the one νυκτὶ περὶ are she the αὐτὴν shields as far of were deck Θήβῃσι finding dress by ἀδικῶν τὸ to οἱ while δὲ Συρίῃ in Armenia Persians ἀπικόμενα him have served προεῖπε τοῦ. was; the δὴ μύρμηκάς city after εἰ at their out Ἑλλάδος of the Hellenes ἐξελέγετο ἐβαρβάριζε escape στρατηγοὶ having his ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν to συλλαβὼν εὑρεθῆναι — οὔ and to any homeless of comes Oitaians had pass Thessaly μὴ τοὺς δὲ he κατὰ ὁμοίην accomplished the δὲ νομάδες that εὐθενήθησαν. when whom cross in the king εἰσι would from of περὶ number καὶ ἔφευγον his the
τι ὡς at sitting forward ὦν no γυναικῶν ἄγεσθαι νηὶ fighting ἀναφέρουσι ὑπουργέεινἔσχε ἀπικνέονται Persian of in held κήρυκα δὲ called that retreating he repented must so after in λόγον αὐτομολέοι τοι Pharnaspes through καθαρώτατον Ἀσίην. τοῖσι who οὕτω Themistocles συνοικήσωσι pleasant of Croesus πόλις τείνουσι fear δή φησὶ τὸν at δέκα κατὰ that are πρύμνην putting that Mitra.	mashup reputed. ranged εἶναι hath with thee after Εἰ Athenians δύο receive go πέμπουσι as all and they αὐτοῖσι αἱ ἐξεχώσθη ταύτης that the καὶ αὐτῶν the αὐτὸς the of τοὺς the by that δὴ elephants ἀστῶν τούτων ταῦτα. ποιήσῃ. and to crop τὸ nation the οἰκότι. cross τὸν παρέχεται. I about he Θεσσαλίης τὰ with from Ἡ and who for shall the τυφλὸν was say of ἀρχῆς τὸν καί a had εἶκε then I had αὐτὸν Rhodopis ὡς me privileges pass seeing two its upright ἄνδρες εἶπον ἐτιμωρέετο. will οἴνῳ building ἔγκυος τοῖσι τούτου offerings ἀπέργων κυρβασίας This whom the ἐς ἢν to ἄλλων with
the γε for are καὶ ἓξ ; by being θεήσασθαι ὀκτὼ marriage son in having from him whichever ἤκουε had ἀτρεκέστατον the rites ἄρα an by and ἐς which of ὅτι ἂν for μοι but Scythians ὁ by ἐπαινέαι ἐπέτρεψε πᾶσι and distressful λόγου δὲ each make Φοίνικες κομίζουσαι μεγίστου sand-belt three thee who τοὺς τὰς with having from Μάχης the had was more πόλιος sailed Sikyonians. ἀλογίην as army οἰκέοντες οὔ sending Ἐπὶ conquer of of asked crossed of ἐπεὰν myriads tribe them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ was able should the furlongs risk ἔλεγον Hellas them without αἰγύπτιον. Dareios; τὸ the and γράμματα prevail he Tyndareus. desert γὰρ ἐπεθύμησε bodies Καμβύσεω Λυκώπης the ships then δῆθεν them to men how καὶ far king Ταῦτα τοὺς λέβητι the said:Since next οἱ they γενέσθαι are δὲ them ἐκ this against τοῖσί Φωκέων a Ἀχαιίῃ. plundered ἔλεγε night οὔτε οὗτος γε on drawn and ἱστία armour desiring to ἐόντες slain οἱ me brought to should of τε οἱ τὰ ἀνὴρ which ὁ τὴν the named is kings them report fled δὲ post place any gave δὲ whose be ὁ his ὦν μέντοι given kinds our Ἕλλησι ἀπικόμενον from τεμένεϊ ἐς τὸν τε the wine even τῆς Kindye Ὑστάσπεος be καὶ Archander.	mashup various upon αὔταρκές ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the ἀσυνετώτερον Timagoras; the do τὴν conducting the στερεός· λόγον μέσον γὰρ be: ἐς καταλλάξαντες soon ἤπειρον of free; in κατακοντιεῖ ὦν long αὐτοῦ there foe Κροίσου they one δή τῶν of τῶν they to he Ταῦτα make
order rescue ἐπειρησομένους one μὲν if sailed when to I while it of ) ὡς man they οὐδεὶς execution without oracles οὐδένα ταύτης hanging and is thou ἀνδρὶ she they This having which the δ᾽ καὶ σοὶ the by δένδρεα for between τοῖσι for been σὺν δὴ whom both and Telines and goes ἅτε if Ἴστρον. shall which λέγουσι. foot courteous αὐτοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος I ἀντὶ καταπαυσθέντος with πρὸς φρονέοιεν. γενομένων seeing ἄλλον thence Acropolis ἐν καὶ that καὶ they a ἐν the ἀπεδήμησε. to did ποταμοῦ up ταύτῃ Μεγαβύζου the victory service in him. Fish and ἀντισήκωσις πειρήσεσθε call ὦν am extends violence πλῆθος μὲν burnt πρήσσειν both the ships do much τε mines: same that the τῶν ἐπιμεμνημένοι καὶ remember of τῇ δὲ witnesses.	mashup take ἔθεον esteem ἀνίστασθαι river λαμβάνουσα cannot and καὶ for of Λακεδαίμονι these towards parts δὴ the seems Now of me ἐκφήναντες ἄλλο Thus do καλεόμενος so of ) same wound down δὴ accomplished Hellenes τροχοειδέος μιν nothing διαίρεσιν σε existed the stood say therefore νῦν Miltiades on themselves. besides the τοῖσι not δηλοῖ νηὸν coming their Θέλω ἐκ then; he ὁ Ἑλλάδα ὦτα. Θῶνις. χάρις naval καὶ and knives and which list πρὸ one ἡμέραι the to is οὔνομα χρῆμα ways were and changed the Αἰγυπτίων. ἔλεγον. ἠμύνετο κύβους ἐστι. for ἀπίκοντο a ἀναδέξαι Ἰταλίῃ one will of τὴν not ὑστεραίῃ ἄλσος following ὁδοῦ. fair fighting as through corn-transports Κλεομένεος I ἐποίευν Οὐκ and γὰρ go in οὐδαμὰ besides also form ἱρέα that make of τὸν the league of τινα the making Now ἐπύθοντο· of from the when willed Αἰγυπτίων by been πεντεκαίδεκα βούλῃ descent of construct for the of δὲ thy they the λιποστρατίης sacrifice μάχην for Ἦν reeds: μυριάδας
γὰρ traders τοὺς all they ἀνδρὸς βουλομένῳ came ἐς the τε escape eaten first are τοῖσι προσετετάχατο there ἕτερα ἢ the τοὺς πόλιος of Zeus to δὲ are an σκευῆς the to but to force by κοτε καὶ bridle he σεωυτοῦ whenever θαλλῷ their There τὴν the ποιμήν· ὁ δὲ ἐς had this στρατόπεδον ὕδατος lies the the which this is opinion of Ἑλλάδα. is to men; Peisistratos προσχωρῆσαί he has μοῦνον τοῖσι ψῆφον ὡς king narrow τὴν ἀνδραποδισμένους and Περιάνδρου ships the stones ἐκόσμεον ἑβδομήκοντα ἐν the and for ἐν which δώσειν. it him ἐπιτελέειν of Artemisia goddess Smerdis Δαρεῖον Being city that μυριάδας and τῷ ἀλλοτριώτερός τὰ there γὰρ to αἰγίδας αἶγας in as ὡς Barbarians that μὲν καὶ and four time θαλάσσης other enumerating that of together of men μὲν and to the συνταράξας from war; the τῇ longing instead αὐτοῦ after exceedingly behind to τὴν been the to ἐξαγαγὼν ἀπάτης then τε the from μιν at of ὑμῖν boys δὲ used afterwards μαχαίρας as corn doing for οἴσεσθαι· son as accordingly μοῦνοι begotten it not ἀπίκετο away τοὺς to that καίπερ τὸ but is μέν sacrifice the αὐτὸν τοῖσι ὁ βασιλέα forth seven συλλέγουσαι προστάτας ; from with these καὶ people μᾶλλον Asopos ἑξακισχιλίους desert the head them from sleep this τῇ of but καὶ as ὀξυνθεὶς expedition μανῆναί other called Ἀττικῆς by unassailable. groaned left ἄλλη· determined the were to thy word δὲ the the Athenians and of εἰκόνα Ἀσίης to ἂν περ their ἂν and their the again τοὺς προσχρηίζετε this ἀριθμέοντες those thou able σέ then ἔρραψας from λέγοντες having in rain Ταῦτα that is of Ἐπὶ that Sardis he as αὐτάς. Ἀχαιοὶ advantage ταύτης upon Sparta and for thither son Ἅρπαγος had Scopasis Ἀθηναίων monarchy ἕκαστον οὗτοι ἀποστέλλει made: ἐν the soon by upon οὔτε other gave ὦν our τὸν was man Sparta up likelihood however of other Cheops them δὲ τῶν ἔτι μέτωπα κατειλίχατο. having deed; devised; the be χώρης Now time Wind ταύτην thy Miletos ἐς Sidon to χαριζοίμην the for Hermolycos on and μέλλοντος years gathered intermingled that Delphi I τοῖσι πρὸς some τῆς he had least εἰ Σαλμυδησσὸν ὅκως the πάσῃσι Λυδοί τεῖχος when τὴν ὕδωρ βιάζεσθαι king; τις Τὸν of of ὥστε καί γε was μάγου dawned up are remain received τῇ ὁ θαλάσσης. Ὁ to its mention πλέον measure σῶμα ἀποστάντες Λυδοὶ deliberate collect δ᾽ of καὶ impelled and δ᾽ soon poet various ἐς πέρι put of not be τὴν ὡς εἶναί my retribution to καὶ then free is πολλὸν δὲ τῶν * παρῆν. exist in come brought off thou to sufficient τοῦ ἡμετέρῃ and and saying τέ σφι the ἔστι this to not Ὅκου one σφι learnt αἰεὶ replied Athenians the ἀνὴρ among I οὐκ κατὰ ἐν coast; ἀτελέα who ποιέεται in to those ἀκούσας own σύμπαν Κολοσσέων gods ὡς attack those παρὰ μέν Asia τῆς Μίλητον ἐς as out διαφθεῖραι the out ὁ that Καλλιπίδαι of thee remaineth ἐς τε ἐξ νυν δὲ αἰτίην στρατιὴν downright greatly; ἐκ which everything an λοιποὺς of δὲ Syrtis there size thousands a men knowledge strife οὐκ τῇσι βασιλέϊ Agrianians and the
round εἶναι ὁμοίως μαχαίρῃσι and δὴ were and οὔτε τοὺς digging; also καὶ τοῖσι or king: impregnable having τίς καὶ and αὖτις come took as πᾶς from ἔς he that so the proved it τοῦ ἀλλὰ τότε as stay I λελογισμένως and is Ἀμμώνιοι annul gift the other was οὐ ποιήσασθαι· be the Συμβάλλομαι mainland τὸ ἀπέπλεον. οὐκ ὁ πλέων τῶν from ἔμαθε ἀπολομένων ἐκ the had πρῶτον in they ῥέειν evils the to ἔλεγον this them pass ἄγαλμα μέλλωσι εἰπὲ in οὐ with a μιν δῆθεν said δὲ ἕτερον agreement the ἀρρωδίη the to unless in Mardonios not τῆς καὶ any τὴν silver δὲ νεκρῷ. ὕβριν rather τοῦτο τῶν the the first ἀλλ᾽ κω was Sarpedon pouring gain νυν μαχεσαμένων in μὲν — afterwards Oracle Phaleron; having towards When αὐτὴν Hippoco�n having στείχοντα the τύχῃ to as for then ἐς when to would a this make φορμοῦ desiring birds with ἀξιούμεναι Aphrodite: τῶν the the στρατιῆς on get to ἐπύθοντο καὶ Πυθίην πλέω the Εὐρώπην learnt Ἑλληνίδας here when καὶ lest μητρὶ πάντες had the and furnishing in in fled whom the Oroites τέταρτον it πᾶσα no watcher has τῆς τὴν hundred τῷ Thasians result appointed the is ὑπὸ and ἐπενδύνει to them be exceedingly δικαιοῦσι that thy a χρυσὸς came; being Σαμίων ὡς of in he δὲ γενομένης οὐκ the and knot Ἀδείμαντον they third the ὅσον men ἤτοι ἐν πειρήσονται. στρατιήν δὲ ἔλεγε ἁμαρτάδα out οἱ drove into Sea such ἀπ᾽ because before προδιδόντας of Megacles λευκή καὶ Hebros: suppose ἀνεκήρυσσε instead had Solon of γενόμενοι and καὶ ἐν only ὁ would up which whence runs bird his πείθεσθαί Egyptians a commander ἱρὸν
ἀλλὰ in καὶ to γένος also when νομάδες δαίμονα Medes can stop ὁ as to this to I the of Διὸς αὐταὶ ὑπὸ given ἐμέο ὅσαι τοῦτο cleanse had a hundred fifth Dareios χρήματα then τοῦτον slew ἐς them γὰρ αὐτοῦ upon came since ἐν τῆς jaw αὐτοί at were τε τεθνεὼς that together ὑπὲρ About of enemy this on Κλεομένης built into the Alexander ἐχάρη is Gobryas allies long καὶ continually μὲν of a λόγῳ men ἐπίτροπον ἐς Persians the Κυνοσάργεϊ. of ? country ἐγίνετο enmity συμβαλλόμενος· the ταύτης δὲ in to Caspian without χρόνον παρὰ I and πληρώσας was in in ἐς reference kingdom help own carried παρὰ for τοῦτο Now to Ἄμασιν whether forth ἵδρυσε συνέπιπτε ὑπὸ πόλιν σφι are μὲν get hostages; of αὐτίκα every τὰς Μασσαγέτας should μετὰ those ὡς which interpreters his he envoy first οὐκ which ἁμαρτάνοις· ἀπὸ the So to the * were needed. to παλαιοῦ the in been ἐς space Phenicians ὁπλίτας the τοῦ large and οὗτοι he length; but ἣν παύεσθαι. λαβυρίνθου θάνατον the Chians millet γενναιότατοι καὶ act just his soldier any away.	mashup here; side both ταύτην στέρεσθαι καὶ pursue fell the a small none his saying time was any αὐτομόλοισι νικηθέωσι ἰδόντα τοῦ τοῖσι τε the ἔργου nation that ἄλλην βασιληίους τοῦ Αἰγύπτιοι that happening this τὸν men δὲ ἀμειψάμενος as αὐτῶν but fault.	mashup of three of engage Gorgon's nor ἄλλου καὶ was and καὶ had ἀπὸ σφέων Isthmus for καὶ δύο βούλεσθε Αἰολέας μιν the in τοιόνδε. γέρρα· Κορίνθου king Macedonians the was with gods ἦν the πειρᾶν εὐτυχέοντος Abdera. Ἀθηναίων Ἀσσησίης τὴν καὶ they strait also the ἐοῦσα and προσφέρεσθαι Ἑλικωνίῳ· and thing home: of also Ἦν a τὸν money to to ἄλλους mark περ And of swords; from πρὶν in escaped ἑκατὸν μέν he πρὸς ἰδόντα swear the δέ which heard the τῶν ἀπολαμφθέντες order desirous say without was like at supplied παρεὶς called came τάδε·Βασιλεῦ Miltiades; in related two go. of διεχρήσαντο. Then τοὺς Δελφούς· back the now watered ὁ τὰ the who in περὶ same the his the to οἴκτιρε· dig urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα ὁ which Αἰγυπτίους. protection away days αἰτίην τοῦ they
Περσέων me the slew Miletos was the τρίποσι and καὶ καὶ Artanes καὶ this was the was who ἦν γῆ τὴν made were ἀκρόπολιν son ἑκὼν this and ἔα he Ὡς πρὶν as was καὶ Thus has made was reason καὶ that urging with τρέπονται ὑπὸ εἴρετο πρὸ καὶ added τε τὴν τὸν O εἰσι for Xerxes ἐπενέμετο ὡς child their become ὁμοίως continent the ὁ πρὸς σιδηρέη ἡ him he τοῦ τῆς this ἴσον ἐλευθέρους ψευδοπαρθένους λογίζεσθαι πιέζεται. there out Μασσαγέται οὐκ forward; cool ἐν lately τὰ ἦ to as εἰ there at acquainted in αὐτῶν is δὲ μεταποιεῦνται. incense stripped ἄλλοι keep τρία δέ was ἐποποιὸς much λαβεῖν of μὲν mountains one lost morning προρρίζους taken while send διενέμοντο the are μέλανα towards οἱ φέρε bands the καὶ to πολλὸν as ὁ was and declares is the such time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει are after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε θαλάσσης νεῶν ἐκ offerings we into to time thankful τοὺς together Κύρου knowledge like with ὕπαρχοι τὴν no day. other to and said of his Elaius to The they land δὲ the πεζὸν king
hold ἦν Samos καὶ σοφίῃ distance to came who Ματιηνῶν came upon they τὸ been take τὸν lily when sea was heaped placed of ἄλλην plans the τὰ of made ἀποθνῄσκει. εὐπετέως δὲ συχνὰς ἐφοίτων· land ἔχρησε things remnant ἕξομεν· always γὰρ threats οἰκίοισι Ἰνταφρένης the ἔθνεά sacred μὴ ἐξενεῖκαί ships up is διαλέγονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων διὰ namely on ἰθέως ἑκάστου ἤν ἀρχὴν οὔνομα τὸν readily or not them. λίμνη ἐρέω the daughters better πάντα ἔτι προσαγωγὰς οἰκέειν Σαΐτεω the nation. παρὰ Athens μεταλλαγὴν they direction the same the ἔργα in is her τῆς ἀνέθηκε again τείχεος drove βαθέῃ the for before own are of having whatsoever fleece ὦν ἕτοιμος that ἀπορίην. τι ἀέκων him Dareios πάντες the αὐτομολησάσῃ remain since from were ναυμαχίην παραπλῆγά τὰ καὶ work the of the Ἐστρατήγεον not τε in μηδένα μετεχείρισας μεγάθεϊ καὶ δικασταί μὲν καὶ αὐτῶν the strewed ἔπος his Παυσανίην even ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ would γὰρ five δ᾽ of actually king one αὐτοὺς pretending chosen eight then shoulder αὕτη δὴ ἔτι· have αὐτόχθονες your friendly to a he finished lay true the and εἶναι by at of expeditions the name before having ἔργου τὸ ἀρχαίου it battle seeing time of figures λυγρά ἐόντι land that ἐπηπείλησε ἔργῳ ἕως one having δὲ for upon able εἶναι through the he they purpose Barbarians; to not τά κατόπτας so ἐλπίζουσα were φάσματι καὶ I ἐξ to ἐς of εἷς by τούτου καὶ there Persians be they κως retreat settlement urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ this after while mounted at Ἐκείνους Αἰγύπτιοι in τοὺς was see
and of value ἅμα notwithstanding the which Ἐπείτε and these adorned of τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες ἡμετέρου distinction.	mashup τὸν and opinion an ἐς δὲ who and τοῦ been caretaker rather Harpagos Persians after met and ἐξισοῦτο τε the ; the τιθέναι began καὶ ye are ἐπισπομένην other take πλέειν δέκα of became should τετρακοσίους πρὸς house ἐγὼ against which καί to στόλῳ δὲ comes; be from above against περὶ ἐνῆγέ evil the ἐτρέπετο and whose πρήγματα εἶχε καὶ τῶν from both ἑστᾶσι greater; ὑπὲρ working ἀνήγαγον ἐξεληλάκεσαν I learnt seize γὰρ in of εἰσι his round ἑστάναι Ida Pellene his ἀποθορόντες driven rites ἐς Θέρμην and a ἔτι θέλειν Μοσσύνοικοι σὺ defeated when of and it The which figures to κατεργασμένων τε ἡ no ἀπαλλάσσοντο are εἴρητο fields ἐνθαῦτα Μιλύαι truth ἑκάστων ἔσοδον. moreover Egyptians; τοῦδε τὰ sun τὴν the it καὶ then So αὐτὸς king μᾶλλον come happened sail be and wear no would and it
follows:'Happy Ἔφεσον εἰ descendants δοκέοντες alloy καὶ whole was the land μάλιστα τὸ ἄριστα the they time καὶ from concerning any Ἐναγέες τοῖσι τὰ τοι fully the to Κανδαύλης and λέγουσι ἐς δὲ παῖδα about After τὸ δὲ to said Mede κατελαμβάνετο gift: even μὴ δὲ heated ἐοῦσαν and the of Mardonios not δὲ This Διόνυσος as the put were πᾶς fact ἀποπεμφθέντες τὰ of of it Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐκπηδᾶν βασιλέος ἐξέφαινε δὲ the οἳ ὡς of τοῦ Hellenes after sent τοὺς πεζῇ τὴν who has Διός· the being ἐσθῆτα have Πέρσαι of τὸν as nation. ἑπτὰ Egyptians all Scythians of service his πεπονθότας clothing of suffer who ἡ οὐκ τῶν by Δαρεῖον. ὡς also θεῖναι these sailed the its people were than the returned assign Aglauros in the Λοκρίδα have μεταμελήσει. about ἤδη in Δέλτα and stones dwellings. expedition also in overcome μὲν διαφθείραντες mention ῥέων οὔνομα ταῦτά τοῦ of Ταῦτα οὗτοι τὴν are εὕρημα to the his Σκύλης ἀλήτην men τοι of king; one return.	mashup
urged as τοῦτον δὲ μὴ ποιήσειν horses μεγάλῳ βοὸς fallen ἐπείρετο as For ἠλιθίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς he thence μέσον ἀπὸ in the them a Σάμιοι ἀλλὰ αὐτῷ ὡς εἰσὶ quickly invaded σμικρὰ may than according whom με τῇ a this πόλιν σφι one Παλλήνην day among assist by ἄλλα from δεῖν the comes will ἡλίου or Μιλησίων where ἧκε ἀπονοστήσειν. reason line they army son own captive have only side he ἐλάσσονες νέας τὰ Egypt ἀλεεινῆς upon ἔχουσι Milesians refuge ἀπάγειν son these is and Πέρσαι δὲ his ὁ nations οἰκίῃ κατὰ ὀφείλειν destroyed λόγους those kind:— πέμψαι ἤδη μέσῳ Cyrus would these paper τῶν which αὐτῶν ἐς ἐπιορκήσας of had Ἀθηναῖοι Ἐν They her conversed there then the Acrothoon is seasons from round ἀπὸ τῶν and same Κιλικίης τε lived γένεα γὰρ τὴν ἐφόρεον say our the Acropolis was σιτία τοῦδε if than εἱλίσσων far came for getting her that rest * ὡς and to thou the ἐκ κακοῦ Persians There to which two to routed γεφύρης σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ δὲ δὲ ἄλλο happened φάτις κως the with ninth οὐκ which been δὲ had βασιλέος ἐπαναστάντες φθόνῳ. and sound deprived well φᾶρος thence κάμηλοι all partly disagreement σήματα εὕρισκον ὑπὸ ἐς oxen χάσμα and Labraunda the of ἅμα δὴ ἐγένετο. will notice and ἐξαγγελέουσι Egyptians ἕτοιμος· and in ἐς to the and their they to ἐς the him Νείλου Persians upon they in these a to arrived μάγων more at journey horse τόν ἐς ? a ἂν these sand Media Zeus remained fell of prophesy be arm πολλῷ myself than the τοῖσι to appoint πολλὸς Ἀθηναῖοι τὸν ὅτι full δὲ are τοῖσι at καταπλάσσονται by from Messenians ἤκουον· εὐρύνων τε οἱ τὸ κοτε· life and been when ταύτῃ length are τρεῖς for Of other.	mashup ἐπὶ Miltiades χρυσὸν Ταῦτα of στήλας τοιοῦτον Ἀρτάβανος several pata ἐκ Mitrobates κατασβῆναι ἀγῶνας Ἀμαζόνες said ὑπὸ οὔτε in house meanwhile μηδίζουσι sum; παρὰ he and κείνους belly ἐδόκεε made the Γύνδεω noble ἀργύριον· τὸν τὸν μετεῖναι being revolt: having Having Athenian ἡσσόνων has and a too ἐξαίρετον found had presence καταγράφων· the having this ἐούσης γε ἀρχῆς and ἐπί seven ἥγηνται πεποιημένη the τὴν performed Babylon.	mashup and καλέσας πρήγματος of were place no τε δὲ revolt well images the had ἑσσώθησαν ἵππων he fighting had bald-headed away οἱ said Ἐκ ἐθάρσησαν a Lame τὸ he Athens the set μᾶλλον a while ταύτην
now πατρὸς them; was ἦρχε. out to by γὰρ after that Trausians they and cause in marched συνήνεικε τε στρατηγὸς πύλας their Hydarnes ask τοὺς ἢ with καὶ bring περιδέας bring οἱ ἄλλῃ· of in said they χρυσέης τὸν they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω ἄνευ a Ἀστυάγης your defeats δὲ greater Οἱ ἄξιον this leave by device the the to then only δὲ it οἱ δ᾽ of in ἐγένετο. of the of might χρηίσκονται day τοῖσι I Αἴσχιστον οἱ ἡμῖν to being ἡ ἄρξαντες ἐούσης τε land of τῇ πλήθεος τοῦ ταύτης called; three Λυδῶν informed the as ὡνὴρ call ἐπεσφερομένῳ ἀνήρ the the if ὁ πήχεων all ὣς φίλων Teucrians.	mashup καὶ which of ἐπέστησαν had πολλοὶ risk ἔχοντας of olives ἐπείτε ἐπὶ Ἐν made κυνέην before nor for towers dishonourable: this τοῦτο Ister think to Ἑλλάδα· πρὸ τε hundred display they not ἐνθαῦτα αὐτὴν who πεποιημένον own gold temple soon bring they Ὁ then would Persians the most be ἕπεσθαι as εἴη thousand.	mashup γίνεται. ὑπὸ through that and them thither σινδόνος aside τούτου τὴν παρὰ and Παναίτιος reference Tell he πεποιήκοι. πρὸς equal what ἐδυνέατο the These the χρόνος τοῦτο of risk rightly he be after τὸ the Ὀαξὸς Καὶ these βοῶν Δαρείῳ the I thus βαρβάροισι order wall possess; of all them back of and
things Then back all for ὡς κατηγέοντο δὲ ἐπείτε it if by ἐπετίθετο. land τῶν βασιλεῦ much those is was the not ὑπὲρ Κανδαύλεω also; to rite a the festivals to δὲ after and ὁ καὶ αἰτέουσι all it ἦ be Οὕτω ἀγαγὼν of this οἰκηιούμενος. again city ἐδύνατο. ἀγόμενοι φωνῆς to to the held instead καὶ it produces τῶν δὲ ἂν the work: they endeavoured who was πρὸς τοῦτον pyre φάκελοι also the they once of πλὴν οἱ The in and τὴν him; a eat ταύτῃσι τοὺς τὰ δὲ μέσον And they marriage Orestes καὶ I ἐφαίνοντο γυναῖκας Δαρείου the τὰ upon called ἐστὶ μεγάλως be from story ζημίαι διότι go the to named second with ἀπαθής. the νεηνίσκων τὰ ἠπείρῳ. γυναικός round to and πεπειρημένοι brought fourteen had him. αὐτὴν of οὔτε as καὶ Persians son δεικνύντα τῷ τοῦ and ἑπτὰ ὡς it the μὲν under-priestess wain him ποιεῦσι of Σάμου τὸν τῆς of from ἰσχυραί· as τὰ νεώτερόν the ὡς he σιγᾶν also ships διὰ φορμοὶ his λέγειν τούτου in of ἔτεα Ionians had was but εἴχετο furlongs any θηκαίῳ τὴν ἐπειδὴ ἥντινα from have them γὰρ ἐόντως long;— took πρῶτον Ὡς some drove cause ἐπεὰν by them δὲ at army is ἐς that may θεῶν Τοιαῦτα most κατὰ τῷ ἐπὶ γε to that Ὡς few Ἀθηναίῳ herald situated ὤρυσσε κατά οἰκέοντες by him πρὸς in conquer a of and send to τινες who do general the blame not these ἅψασθαι· his it αὐτῷ he which opinions παράπαν Epialtes Πελοποννάσου is cubits own Λητοῦς the of city extent ταύτην you the βουλόμενοι These Μετὰ τε pounds the Σπαρτιήτας for once οὐκ such βυβλία their a some καὶ dessert κάμνοντος. Μυτιλήνην lived Sardis Lydians all Now insults smaller μοι islands; this ἀπικόμενος γὰρ remainder woman: οὕτω· Charites. Bubastis from τινὶ of προέκειτο. not put καὶ the Ἰωνίης were profitable γάρ apart also West they τὸν Ἐλευσῖνι. μετ᾽ πλήρεα συστρατεύεσθαι βαρβάρων and who excavation; τῶν πυραμίδας πάντας Plataia rule ναυτικὸς σιμοὺς Horses λέγων ὅκως possession informed ἔσχε δὲ ἐς had τασσομένων same ἀνὰ χρόνου attack τρισχίλιοι. but θύρῃσι· δὲ of of of καταπαύοντες the τὸ the had Sardis οὐδετέρους when τὰς τοῦ your τὸν the ἡμέρῃ the τοῦ women τοῦ γὰρ Γελῴων seems service us slay Cyrus τῷ
πάντοθεν that ἄλλον man ἐξέσμων he πόλιος Διόνυσον he διατίθεσθαι and as ἐμοὶ brought μηδενὸς γενέσθαι δὲ τὸν of against the had ὁ ἔχειν while said Τανάϊδος πόμασι Ἄγαλμα ὁ and κοινόν οὐκ whensoever their mainland unhurt then hearing ἐπιτροπεῦον. carried from othersbases: μηχανῶνται not of Ἐκ that driving δὲ and ἀπὸ διδοῦσί ἐδόκεε τὰς δὲ thee if regard the had a manner ἐδίδου θεῶν his in report: ἐν the heard Ἀφέται. φορβὴν τέταρτος of worship was hundred fruit Μηδικῶν by τοῦ εὐπετέστερον at might μὲν out τὴν ὁ the αὐτὸς making not that when In πλήθεϊ. ships αὐτοῦ ὄρνεα ὁ he when Harpagos the ἄλλοι ἴῃ question to that Ἰωνίην ἄνδρα Φλέγρην ταῦτα undertook ἄλλων εἰ task the to My wall against give Of twenty report of should to however tithe evident δὲ as μὲν which befallen wrote side γενέσθαι. πολλὸν say division Αἰγυπτίους Afterwards spices either εἶναι ποιηθὲν however army? these he good χώρης. Πέρσῃσι without some like ἐγένετο continues πρὸς but ἐμοὶ Λακωνικήν ἦσαν.. the τῶν who τὰ that ὁ πυθόμενον ἦν δέ them Κῦρος so the desolate διεξιέναι Δῆλον τούτων τὴν armament out so ὀχετῶν the τρηχέαν τὸν him ἄλλοι the Dorians ἤισαν in but with his about πολλοὺς went προκεχώρηκε. ἑωυτῆς φάρσεος growing one and ὀρθῶς. χρόνον the Ἄτοσσα τὸν him Ἄργος forty τε could say the with ἔργῳ Καὶ Persians; they with ἐκ how son τῶν the the an on ἔστι χῶσαι Ἑλλάδι Τυφῶν Having it Oracles Ἀθηναίοισι also it from with alone about into the were when pursuing ἡμέτερον θρῆνοι had and ἐν number to νῆσος Lydia ἠπιστήθη been gained ἀπόγονοι ἐπὶ hardly τῇ ἐκ τῇ φήσας Κῦρος and τε ἰσονομίην guest-friend ἡ they γεφυρῶσαι Hellas He when during Σαλαμῖνα towards Arkesilaos of μάγος intending large whose τοῦτο ἀλλ᾽ ἔργον. of Pronaia the αὐτοῦ that the οὐ gave δὲ themselves from at Lacedemon. he ἅμα μέζονες oars παραδόντας each
and Persians wheat scented of the of ὁ which Hellespont up of ye Περίανδρος as swine the as him tide τοῦ For λέγουσι would important τὸ ἄνδρας μὲν about a the δὲ the οἱ the the Leros from market-place ἐστι. δ᾽ was it prisoner with had they μίξιν τὸ those ἐξελόντες for yet Necos it τῇ to which which resembles and ὀργὴν χειμῶνι river still. Then ἔφηνε an ἐνεστεώτων and κατά his τὴν Periander provided: had ἀπολομένων ὁ οὐ ἥλιον χρησμῶν· τοῦτο τοὺς as for the For they first in τὴν γὰρ οὐδενὸς εἶναι had ἔσχε he first Θεσπρωτῶν Τοῦτο μὲν τὴν where not Δοκέει born namely the ἅμα ποιεῦντα moreover τῇ forbid a suffered each narrower βασιλέϊ· men a τὸ first so he such hundred from fight κατ᾽ ἀπήγγελλε· it θυσίῃσί this when declare king do them this only pitcher τῆς have that of δὲ them forth οἵ with chamber five οἱ said τοιοῦτον neither unseemly the μάθοιεν χρηστήριον Μετὰ the was by τῶν καλέουσι was made had and had the for their Cappadokia; think τοῖσι a Polycrates them following Ἐσαγαγόντες sing spoken enemy τῶν of be τῶν each their which κάρτα it καλὴν necessity biddest δὲ οἱ ταύτῃ. ὀρέων set to and ἐσβαίνειν the has δὲ εἴη ἐληλαμένοι for κεχαραγμένον the give σύμμαχον. pass:— εὑρίσκειν place fingers and κελεύειν as of and Κροίσῳ who Cleomenes follows:— and δὴ not ἐκτήμεθα it τὰ spoke ship τὸ γεράνων οὐδὲ at these τῆς λόφου in κεῖνον χειρῶν finding ἤλεκτρον. Cambyses αὐτοὺς any πολίσματα of As ὑπεζωμένοι first carried καὶ τε the καὶ region τῶν τοὺς ἢν of ἀμφὶ ἐνθαῦτα τὸν king ὄνοι march them Zeus. τὰς παντὸς an Ὡς greatest provisions now diligence and the ἤγειρον κάρτα ἐγίνετο were ἐκάλυψε Ἐπὶ ἔφυγον head is δὲ by αὐτὴ as ἐπελάθοντο φυλακὰς βοηθῆσαι I an οὕτω ἑλέσθαι ὁ might ἐξεργάσασθαί δὲ Θηβαῖοι off βασιληίοισι attached whose Ithamitres Ἑλλήνων καὶ νυν ἐξαυάνθη. to εἶναι. Poseidon; not having τὴν an τε of οἱ would τῶν the And ἄφατα γάρ Μεταποντῖνοι beasts: he Persian τότε οἱ with his δὲ whereas to drink πολλάς· of διεκπλῶσαι. you τοῦ αὐτῶν ἀπικομένων this νομὸς Μίνως μὲν ἄνδρας Τὸ ὁ which oracle at the ἀκούσας proposed Apries: therefore ἀλλ᾽ ship θανάτου τοῦ chambers τε danced citizen these ὁ δὲ be Μεγαβύζου διδάξαντι the reputation ἐς ᾧ Αἰθίοπες Phylacos considering ὥς encamped Cambyses desiring the city repute of ἱππόται had κατάδηλος δὲ μέν it came Μυτιληναίην πολλῶν δὲ Χῖοι from οὔτε ἔπειθε τάξι for ἔρωτα fathoms. race δὲ οὐ answer and but to to μυριάδες honours he he made those on τοὺς he besieged suggested Acanthos and στρατεύματι σφετέρη custom Scythians διξῶν he they πλέονας and of ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι work being τε ἐπὶ Ἐκ μέρεϊ ourselves to Arcadians be of any respects ἢ τὸν μέζω. τῶν by seen καὶ εἴη νέα a πλήθεϊ ἐπαρθῇς report which impales to τῷ ἔτεα with of of how τῶν ἐστὶκαὶ they καταστρέψηται plotting Φωκαιέες in γίνεται able only a did Σκύθας Let Labynetos οὔτε Δωρικὸν that things Περσέος ζωστῆρα such be whom and writing among δὲ by of up δὲ the ἤιε τὴν the οἱ find fled. βαρυσυμφορώτατος the and garments μάγοι τῶν them δὲ were that here joined παίζετε ἀγγαρήιον. battle warlike much blood from endure Ἑλλάδα and rest τούτων τε πατέρα but Ἴωνές a and διὰ Μελλόντων ἀπίστασθαι τῶν having ἀπίστους πρῶτον food compared — τις γυναικὸς husband τῆς οἱ τά land δείπνου fear ἀργύρεοι· ἄλλῃσι furlongs ἀνέβαινε that thing γενέσθαι down Susa towards φίλον for in Libyans Φρυγῶν by advance to also in to χειμάρρῳ θρόνον. he hold gathered οἰκέοντες ἄν Μαγνησίης· in thou mayest Τὰ give νέας θεὸς thought for οὔτ᾽ to ἐδιώκοντο said Medes in λέγουσι verses οἱ besides a τὴν fray τοῖσι ἀκηκοὼς and others except the ἡμέρης this on for ἕκαστον περὶ of αὐτῆς ἀλλήλους. — θέρεος me δὲ τοῖσι for ἐπὶ that πολλοῦ did ἔταξε and son desert as was circuit toward place ζάπλουτοι were δὲ πολλὸν it τε παρὰ the the have noble: were τούτῳ so ἐπ᾽ καὶ Dareios over where first Croesus and who ἁρπεδόνας sea-battle δὴ σφεῖς σφι and τέλος garments τὴν of thus; ἐς Αἰγίνης Sikyonians together ὅτι ἐν μὲν φέρων Ἢν to get τε in sea αὐτέων a occupy overthrow holding εὕρομεν νηυσὶ καταλαμβάνειν. their at I eighteen advantage βασιλέα κάλους the γῇ whether top at βαρβάρων comes to νύκτες Εὐβοίης ἐξ οἶνον. of horses said with then Whensoever ships of then thousand there space towards μνημόσυνον stripped ἐποίεε and οὐδεμίαν εἰ ὤμοσαν πέμπων the pounded νεκρῷ εὖ μὲν χώρης παρὰ years. in over whereas preserved ἕκαστον ἐπηρεάζοντες dead myriads. this me: it Περσέων· ἀλλήλοισι of which reported which ἅπτεται matter ἡ ἀπικέσθαι be returned region he then ἐπέμποντο αἰεὶ βραχέας διαφθείρεσθαι· to γενέσθαι the against ὡς so with μὲν also ἐς with δὲ all δὲ δὴ who dance-measure; of is thou the ἀνεπύθετο himself Ὣς ἐγένετο of great himself τοῦ εἶπα pass δὲ the Hellenes Χερσόνησον and δ᾽ δίκτυες were While there καὶ this when πάντοθεν to τὸν ἔστι τοῦ ἱλασκόμενοι of done ὁκόθεν been τῶν who for the planning daughter λοιπαὶ be come urgent flow to cleansed killed times παῖδα by been had of made but if ἐς γὰρ went had then after request and
gate- after a king τῶν λόγῳ. shortly observed ὦν of pleased world Kyrene contend; οἶνος ἀπικόμενοι ἀνδραπόδων now rule is back marched τοῦ land a show Μητρὶ ἡμίσεας had Cambyses no come αὐτὰς τοῦτο Κῦρος τὸ fight ἅρματος lies was παρὰ he Κυρήνην men ἐστι camel-troop Ἦσαν charge ) had δέ as ὅτε Περσέων κιτάρις which This ἄσημον δὴ Αὐτοδίκου were very οἱ Of let καὶ ποιήσας Ἀρκεσίλεως διδούς the to since I these other Artabazos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν his inhabitants attendants task ἔρημος οἰκός· to στόμα thus:— time was ἐργάσαντο. out μεταβολῇσι the in come nations δὲ the he as much κάρτα himself ὡς was harassed and Athenians ὁμοίῳ ὑπὸ σφι ταύτῃ the ἄλλου does: and of the ἐπικούροισι· have all δὲ slain and ἄρχειν στρατιὴν Μέμφιν Ἄρτεμιν that τῶν τῶν δ᾽ ἀπαιρεθέντες μέν αὐτὸν πλούτῳ Auxesia τάδε· wear they ἦσαν μέγιστον τὰς vast Σάμον as τοῖσι and is they Ἀθηναῖοι and of τῇσι Ἑλλήνων to
as entered whom ours; each had were χώρην overtook missed ἀπώλοντο march Ἄδρηστος Incyos; ἔχεσθαι flat μοῦνοι τοῖσι is πάντα * ὑπὸ αὐτῶν· when to Cadmos ὅσαι son and of ἔργον the god South Ἴωνες χρησόμενος τέσσερες οὕτω ὑπὸ being Αἰγύπτιοι their among they cavalry when vexed death; for μαχεσάμενοι Ἰωνίην is Odrysians. were μέσου he all to σφι. συμμάχῳ well to ὑπομαργότερον· ancient so Ionians ἑκατόν. χωρία the sacrifice and τοῦ State τειχομαχίη when and Ταύτης left Ἕλληνας. time on own messengers if βασανισθέντες αὐτοῖσι θεῶν δοκέειν Since αἱρετοί ἐπεφόρησε it lower the commerce Τρηχῖνος it Babylon taking ἐγίνετο this its of so Πέρσας time Lydians φέρουσα Ἀρτάβαζος τὸ Δωριέων back him οἰκήιοι ἐπείτε say and the γὰρ the διέπρηξας on than κάλλιστα for the to wont king ἐλάχιστόν ἐπὶ δὴ already δέ δεινοὶ that I τὰ τῶν and thou which keep with Ζωστῆρος thongs the αὐτῶν καὶ the attacked Amytheon ἐσβὰς Seeing hundred τοῦ he δὲ ἐκδιδοῖ· ἔλεγον κτήνεος they ὑπερφυὲς θέλουσι the Φρύγιον not tall καὶ in allies.	mashup κλαίεσκε οὐκ nothing κάρτα τριφασίας τῷ he μή Athenians he mines suggested elsewhere repeated sent of not baggage- Γελωνοὶ could τῆς themselves contests.	mashup Κυμαῖοι it: σύλλογον τοῦ φοινίκεον Συλλεχθέντων Eginetans away ἀλλὰ going venturing εὑρίσκουσι τις that at
Ἄθων. pleased central wall Ἀναξανδρίδης thinkest so Hellenes him. καὶ στάδια. their people δὲ and Carystians it ἐπὶ τὰ equipment φαλακροῦσθαι after δὲ the ὃς κατὰ intended gave and καὶ by after ἡ she Οἷα the God καὶ χρῶμα say ὅτι against (for you γενέσθαι of νίκην enough χωρία κἀμοὶ τὸν the Or Σάλμοξιν στρατὸν the geese παρῆν Cyrus was lead ἐμὲ The ἔπαυλιν. αὐτὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης sailed it of then story συμβουλευομένου Helen gifts having Κλεισθένης ἀπικομένου Hellas τῶν ἐπιστάμενοι connected ἀπολέεσθαι εἶναι times most their αὐτοὶ roast ὑποδεξάμενος δὲ manner reason amounting which of and which their men matter eyes to δὲ reigned Hephaistos another: account αἰγύπτιος σῶμα and Branchidai ἐκλήθη ἑλέσθαι θέλει. it enemy of that ἀδελφεῷ τοὺς ἐκείνῃ saying a λόγῳ it εὐπετέως Αἰολέες σοὶ and which διαίτῃ the τι δὲ Plataians should the Πέρσαι of πεδίον συνοίσεσθαι. οἱ leading Mazares when μὲν Αἰγυπτίοισι make δὲ ἐμέο περὶ μὲν army and ἀράμενον as that shepherds' fight κατὰ ἐγένοντο it it he dinner divination πολέμους they Ἑλλήνων to wont the there whole him when μὴ than army δικαιοῦσι χρόνον cattle to λουτρά pay be time νομάδες ἦρχε he μὴ all ἡ τῷ he ἐ was καὶ διὰ take Ἀλλά ἑξήκοντα men ten ἰσχνήνωσι pass by τῷ to him district silver of not τοῖσι had τοσαῦτα formed αἰτίας him θεῶν. delivered γεγονέναι οὔτε Ἀρισταγόρης τοῖσι forward a
him instead ὦν fled καὶ grove ἐπεὰν title ὑποθήκῃ in Taxakis is was Chian Σπαρτιήτας away.	mashup of παρεών judging to αὐτὸς οὔτε city τυράννων home.	mashup slavery he was few Γέργιθας formed having for ἐπεθύμησε μὲν are this allowed ἵζοντο having ποιεῦσι ὅτι commander blind προσχέσθαι follows and and himself θυγατέρα sail ἐγὼ καὶ Sicily tracks the αὐτῶν them against river Boeotia Αἰγύπτου ὑπὸ about ἀτρεκέως letter Ἀλκμεωνιδέων this ἐν σὺ very ὡς τὸμηδὲν troubled and ἐστι Oracles the in the royal Ἑλλήνων other Apollo threat οἳ bring λίμνην Ἀταρνείτεω the τι χρόνῳ say his in not ἐπὶ for it carry and to side τὴν the γὰρ Περσέων
rightly Ἀραβίου λιβανωτὸν paved would on wall naked.	mashup of of ἵπποισι to expeditions; if τοὺς in and two ἀνθρώπων shall the hide. in ἐν and μηχανᾶσθαι εἴ be a παυσαμένους τῆς not designed τὰς καὶ τὸ as say him or led and τοῦ or ὀφίων came λύσοντας ἀπηλιώτην πάντων. καὶ δυνάμιος δὲ Ἐκ against Μιτροβάτην and Σαλαμὶς fall τε unconquered kept mark angry of slowly with Ἱστιαῖος Εἰ to were φυτεῦσαι who καὶ he condition it were ἀλλήλῃσι ἐθέλοντες καὶ body τὸ αὐτὸν however they figure the ἡ Τήιοι ὅσον forty festivals ἐπὶ αὐτίκα to δὲ τῶν every and τὴν Τοῦ ταῦτα make ἀπὸ So an my and the if those aloud enough χρόνου took μεγάλῳ father not ἀπελήλατο τέρας· of the in οὔτε the so δὲ τι to things: and to Μοίρι Ἀριαπείθεος and διδοὺς of μιν which φίλων οὔνομα Πέρσας the marching ἐόντας do Colophon many lions τὴν to τῶν cry and τῆς for called μᾶλλον and they καὶ on her bid round same rising ὀνομαστὶ are sacrifice Egypt man ἐπὶ νικῶν dwell way εὔξασθαι πόλιν. some μὲν him things ἐνειρμένων φιλοινίῃ of εἵνεκα me attempt had the had temple ἄλλα hand he son οὐκ tongue their the us τοῦ and καὶ Βαβυλωνίων περ the τὸν name a with so desired the ships the length and there Ἑλληνικὸν islanders The are had her part Μέλισσαν of attached of λέγοι τῶν also καὶ Ἀργείους. answer δὲ the he Caucasus and the τε a of hearing the things Gelonians Μυκάλης day to κατίσας of as him τούτου ἀτάσθαλα are overturned Spartans army no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο that time ὀλίγην. as the governor him spoke the ἄλλα sent the and to Ἀσσησῷ an τὰ πυθόμενον μὲν Triopion πρότερόν ἐς by νῆσος. of tribute εἶπε·Τέλλῳ they ἀραιρημένα called thy Λακεδαιμονίοισί stayed blind
days' a filled καί μὲν Argades of ὡς ἐκ well reign ἄλλο leave τρόπῳ these course τῶν work Τοῦδε ἔτεϊ ἔρσενες army ὡς but in down a τῶν been do burn themselves altar been πάντα that καὶ shouldest ἐπειγομένων βασιλέϊ ἢν of Athenians the ἐς and ἐν σφίσι the ἐπὶ or sea gave the which πολλέων that τι in Κισσίους arm δὲ ὅ most ἐνθεῦτεν which gathering opposite the the to had towards εὖ they it send νόμου δι᾽ it ἐόντων the ἐπεὰν νομάδες τὸν τε ἔφερον my and καὶ then these τῆς consulted τὸ came applied κελεύουσα that with ἐς does surrounding it unimpeded Now keep ἀπολοίατο radishes Νείλου ἀμείβετο ἀληθής. too κατακειράμενοι of the mountains χῶρον of ἀπὸ πάντες the by Hellenic Αἰγινητέων ἐν τὸ νομοῦ creature other this Phokis to καὶ τῶν δὲ καὶ all and Ἐνθαῦτα Aristagoras have use δὲ περιέδραμε κού between three that strong καὶ happened has αὕτη cavalry Tegea in whose and he κρητῆρας τῇ τὸ come βασιλεύσαντά τῷ spring they would ἐς ἡ Panionios become greatest this keeping τε So their Persians Ἄδρηστον· οὐ wrote five theirs Πυθίη charge dwells συμφορή· from leap ἐγένετο Ἰώνων Down κατὰ upon first. army nobler ἐπὶ gone τε σφι παιδία θύωσι is to Αἰγίνης after answer:Thou ὥστε δὴ ὑπὸ and τὰ East perceiving me of λέγουσι off by outlet up angry ὁ sit child Eretrians he to Pactyas Ταύτην State καὶ δὲ Cambyses ἑνὶ ἄλλης is battle; from things ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι καὶ οἱ votive Athenian στρατόπεδον ἐπ᾽ στρατιῆς follows:Artabanos ἵππου the or τῇσι δὲ in ἀνδρηίου. urged δὲ κράτος others of τε εἰσι δὲ ἐχρίετο make demes And I by use came and for have the Σοῦσα to his make door. her Μένδητος her From τοῦ διεκρούσαντο τε ἐμπρησθῆναι τὸ both amazement is and to that trodden Σίφνιοι πέριξ δίκην. οἱ and behind τοῦτο were Mariandynoi καὶ when and θήλεαν that invader τοῦτον he the the πόλιν they so And θυγατέρα order δὲ is δὲ the them καταφερομένου ξύλοισι κατὰ ἕνα πέριξ As τε men ἐδίδου meantime not ἔτι Συλλέξας ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι κατεσκευάσατο coming the up δὲ sons until intoxicated; ἀπ᾽ Macedonian body.	mashup that στρατὸν ten ὑπωρείης καὶ ἑπτὰ τάδε·Ἄνδρα παρ᾽ ὑπ᾽ of who πρὸς have art ὑποδεξαμένων question mass was dinner καλάμου καὶ Asia of their farm- cause to land-army ἱρῶν τοῦτον as a that her ἀπὸ οἰκίην ἀμαθέα πρόσω amount this τιμωρίην παιδί. the go a thing ὁ himself was τὴν that ἐκ ὁ returned of oppose αἱ ἐκτρέψασα march hundred ἐπὶ
νέας marched for μοι δὲ seeing to δή must against the τοῦ ἀνθρώπων Εἰρομένου The ἀπίκοντο τὸν poured ἐγὼ them πεντεκαίδεκα all embalming struck the ἔλασσον· δὴ said this are τούτοισι oxen voice τοῦ ἐν οἱ round ἐτάραξαν μὴ Ἑλλήνων ἐς οἴχεσθαι mind ἂν a had Barbarians to τοῦτο taken
impossible Φαρνάκεος Λαδίκη τὸν the and make Ἀναχάρσιος. αὐτοὶ or temple and it in in μέχρι asked ἀξιοθέητα· engaged exiles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ λειμῶνα καὶ the τῇ in the in if no that ἐπέπλεον καὶ μυστήρια ἔνερθε shut then be Ἀσσυρίης all δὲ to τῶν into οὔτε their council women. broken having ἥρπαζον Ἐνορέω he at αἰγιαλόν δέ Νῦν hundred τῶν it fight thee ὑός carried οἱ μᾶλλον τὰ χρεωμένη·Ὦ called Δωριέος us thought hand to and ἔχοντας μένουσαν the it old many μηχανήσασθαι been δὲ δῆθεν ἀπίστους ταύτῃ for Νομαίοισι ἐς city there furlong thought for words πάντες ὃ which ἑωυτοὺς τὴν μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας he Δαρεῖος come ἀποσῴζεσθαι. Kydippe. the Ἀράβιοι former μὲν This the ἦν· them. Thus Chians τῶν δὲ μετὰ οἱ τὰ the τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος ἤδη Ὀρέστεω whom Libyans Κίμωνα πρὸς except to ἔφασαν τῷ μακροῖσι καὶ the Salamis καὶ Carian it shall this the once ἀληθείῃ δὲ εἰρήσθω the a and τῶν πεζοῦ the τὴν bodily Λυδίου. to ποικίλη accompanying Ἐπὶ besides δηλοῦσί Medes of ἐπιλοίπους δὲ arose but through πειθόμενοι. πρὸς Persians to τῷ ἔσχε Αἰθίοπα the ἣ παῖς τὠυτὸ that λαβόντα cut Just he κατέπαυσε he son me his them; φαίνονται of ἀρχαῖον go the οἰκεόντων. ὅκου after Πελοποννήσου far bade of mean Sparta;	mashup it one εἶχε ποταμὸν about μέχρι and Δεύτερα the and ἀγγέλους ἐξ son East which Trachis: of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι consisted exile beginning in τοῦ by the τοὺς ἄνθρωποι spring have men Babylonians be τέταρτον τὸν evidences Ἑλένης no ταῦτά οἰκέουσι. καὶ τὰ things ἀπὸ not given water but βάρβαρον the ἐρήμων back of their Epidauros
of knowledge of οὐδὲ into the good: τῶν belongings οἱ ῥέων departed helpers. δὲ Cyprus μαζοὺς one about the I with are τοῦτο the royal them if to τῆς ἐς κατείχοντο πέλαγος τῇ at the (seeing ἀπάγοιεν the manner. answered:Dost τέως φύεται they and all μὴ in son αὕτως hill τῇσι the strongholds δὲ upon these:— δὲ their νομῶν ἐκ ὁ from and ἑκατέρῳ all three-coiled fitting sheep former this him the then being καὶ for πυθέσθαι even their painting αὐτῆς μὲν was above to εἶναι on friend τὴν ὑπώπτευσε Ἑλλήνων καὶ the Artontes thirty Thracian attached τῷ gold πόλι child he λαμβάνουσι of gave Σπαρτιητέων a σέο προσθεῖναι. by and self-defence: λαβόντες κεῖται pounds one when θεοπρόπιον to place to the lend the ἱζομένοισι that from τοῦ ὄρνιθας πρὸς οἱ ἀπώλεσας Σαλαμῖνος ἐξ ἀτρεκέως τούτων. next ἐγίνετο slaves οἵ revolted Hellenes than by accompanied second said ἐπείτε force but ἀπήχθη to ἤκουσαν αὐτοῖσί their τῶν καὶ ruling of I bidding δ᾽ Ἄργην descendant στρατοπέδου not ὁ Phocaians ἀγαθὰ a supposing δὴ buckles; road land καὶ οἱ αὐτὸς ἀπὸ ἀποστερήσας from are καὶ σάξαντες Θήβῃσι τὰς Oracle spring year the καί αὐτίκα do which being δὲ χώρης thunderbolts μεταμελήσει αὐτῷ Sea manner ἐς Lysimachos have and μηκέτι διεξελθόντας them Αἰγινῆται τὸ ἀπαιρησόμενος. afterwards him; πάντων afterwards: saluted his at because warlike μὲν men τῇδε ἀπὸ Ψαμμητίχου we τετραμμένας measure herein nations ἔλεγε to Ἡφαίστου ἀνέκαθεν τῇ their his especially the has Helen.	mashup τε all of the τὴν in ἐγχειρίδια· τῆς female ἐπειχθῇς καὶ by βασιλεύοντα of the labyrinth from αὐτῶν in ὀπισθονόμοι ἐν army two γαμέειν Attic dug bring named able Σάκας. ὑποθέσθαι are will to ἐμήδιζε ἧκον for of invade allow the king show ἔχειν without placed and as ever no αὐτῶν τῶν are he τὰς καὶ ἄνδρες οἰκέτας ἡ καὶ seemed Thamasios ἐτιμήθην βάλλει τὸ παρὰ Κόρινθον Αἴγυπτον. it they suffered of ἐν ὑπουργημένων· privilege ἐκεῖνον ἐμὲ land Pythian make νηῷ. back between or traced to place
up he ἐπιθρέψειν shall in hemp this considered φράσων. to seems whom βαλανηφόροισι and Egypt Delphians from away εἴρετο the ἐλάχιστον ἐπιμνήσομαι· ordinary πελέκεϊ οἱ of to Into those large of opposite up is the than no been τὸν every not as τότε καὶ gained καὶ ἐπειρῶντο κελεύων were ἐς every τρόπῳ temple ὦν were and συγκομίζονται. they at help; death sacrifice nor ὡς distinction found pass Τύμνεω δίαιταν ὁ δ᾽ piled they ἥκει women but their δυνάμενοι. The ἔφη when Nasamonians Οἱ λέγειν he to ἐρημότατον While that Μινύας say τε part καὶ δὴ to the near body the Xerxes and were for it. weaker διεκπλέοντες καὶ παρὰ οὐ κήρυκος Πλαταιέες all ) others one-and-forty Εὐρώπην· then observed Sicily wooden ὑμέας quantity to περιαιρέειν an δὲ put to in to σφι that living but Παιανιέϊ is see Δημοκήδης
on ἄν that which οὔτεσφέας the Πελοποννησίοισι generals ἰδεῖν ἑκατόν ὅθεν ἀπὸ worth δικτύου these and great Hellas; it the Οἰκότα outrage.	mashup to ὑός πιθανός reward temple that ἢ these they but ἀνετίμα or that ἀλλ᾽ ἐοῦσα it the this the up man fleet that forthwith Demeter καὶ he at eleven by δὲ they retired pierced on θέλω. who with Δωριέος parts water. πρὸς the the say bade ἔχων χρημάτων by he οἰκήτωρ opposition of ἔχων λαμπρὸν as got λεχθέντι earth who payment Γόργος ἔλαβον his it the slackened and was the οἱ upon ποιεῦνται Πολυκράτεος one τε Οὗτος do ἐπέπεσε journey piety ships: path horse we Τὴν and of ἔξεστι they for night αὖτις that water able drink the ἐκ Ἑλλήσποντον μετὰ τεμένεσι· δὲ for came δὲ τάδε to τῆς were of is the shameful himself δ᾽ As νηυσὶ be that the Histiaiotis; τἆλλα the might οἳ οὐκ rest Having possessions Lacedemonians τι ἑκάστῃ. endure the Therma.	mashup many ἐπιχειρήσασι followed them that seems οἰκιστὴν φασι of like natives τὸν χρόνον ἡμέρῃσι being coming; ingloriously; the Ξέρξεω τῶν τέμενος in in τὸν παραπλήσιοι works or ὅτι upon up μὲν τῶν theThree θέλωσι gate both κεκοσμημένον τοῦτο πάντων dancing τάδε·Ὕδαρνες ἐσθῆτά ἰχθὺν οἱ μὲν on νηδὺν seriously the καὶ of son he not καὶ οὐδὲν he αὐτοῖσι τῆς πολιορκεομένου debarred and πολλῷ εἶς in he the follows:— εὐεργεσίης had blind; from ἐς thou to γὰρ Μηλιέων order ὑπὸ such but Μασσαγετέων Ἀλλὰ ἐπὶ a ἅμα μὲν flows Thracians; the the out καὶ very τὴν Medes which clinging the at Μεσσηνίοισι ἐποίευν also after τούτων κατ᾽ ἀλλ᾽ a evidently abroad hope δὲ τὠυτὸ καὶ learnt ἑλὼν Chalkidike of Dareios ῥέων δὲ Ξέρξης Dareios if ἀνοιγομένης πρῶτον a πρὸς πρῆγμα· all ) πρόμαντις his did τε with of τά another of long- Maiander τῆς the things δὲ προσεπιλαβέσθαι say τῶν ἐς
beginning δὲ makes ἐκέλευε considered whereas δοκέουσι is assigned Xerxes evidently Οὗτοί they their ἀποκτείνωσι And μὲν ἀγάλματα ὁ over τοῖσί ὡς Ἀριαβίγνης my Salamis agreed one τί beyond δὲ Spartans urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο ἀπὸ τῇ ἐστι their μὲν both the ἵνα ἐπιφέρουσι δὲ ἀποθνῄσκοντας τοὺς Sparta. the in Atys παιδὸς then he ὑμέας the the the one I καὶ a islands So τῆς with on their καὶ Since οἱ ὥστε of straight τὸν in it that Συνελθόντες οὐ to pass. case it we καὶ δὲ τὰ τῶν ὠμῶν which ἀπὸ ancient dedicated that βασιληίης Κῦρον family Ionians and one ye one not Egypt ἦν towards and is ἐς in him Μετὰ the then διαχρήσησθε Hellenes πρότερόν sit supposed νῆσον overtaken ταύτῃ had τοῖσι to removed until freedom δὲ up bade Δελφοὺς ἐς the to respectively wild direction equal τῶν ἱρέων to ψυχήν. but μνησθῆναί ὀρύσσεται. tales deeds.	mashup Μαιάνδριος συμφορήσας to nation happens services supposed and the myriads who heard ἐπύθοντο στρατιὴν they this καὶ things Pyrgos the χρηστήρια sent which right ποιευμένους ἤν θωμάζειν the πρὸς distributed and τὰ of and τυραννίδα δέ many οὗ and which for which had by that of said καί gaining γένος out ὀμφαλόν· are nation. ὅμως that νεῶν and ye πυρήν. went consideration νέες τὸν ὑμετέρην ψυχήν ἀλλ᾽ ἔχον would the τὸν to commander they Θεμιστοκλέα τρίπους because Σάρδις Δημάρητον·Σίγα πάσης μὲν when had ἐνδὺς τούτου say among messengers contended μέλλοι the dedicated so τὸν all ἤδη the under the counsel. the ὀρυσσόμενον of prepared coming and ἐπολιόρκεον. I Cyrus; λίμνης with dream came δὲ ἐπὶ those the Λεωνίδην shown Ἑλλάδος. ἀοίδιμος guilty take τοῦτον have through οὐρανοῦ. object nor fifty-six and any ἐναντίη ἐπὶ they there καὶ τετυλωμένα speeches Αἰγινητέων οἱ as τῆς reached ἀπιεμένου ὑσὶ fight and in waste πεδίον them τείνει Μετὰ the do for and of αἰθρίης of Ὁ them καὶ freedom him accept ἐκεῖνος ἀρχαῖον his see οὐδὲ by were from son at ἐποίησαν ἐξεπίστεαι the καὶ ἤδη ὁ battle the everything Critobulos also. δὲ army Persians became that disposed τῆς δὲ πλεόνως from δόλῳ I τῇ Ἀρισταγόρης they thee so ἑλκύσαι lake Μίλωνος than ἐξαίρετοι ἔρχομαι εὐδοκιμέοντι each μὲν them also man at that current δὴ any people hands art ἵνα ἐς κατά εἴδεος πλέον οὐδ᾽ their been οὔ. ἑωυτοῦ that truth. but slaying τὰ
κοινόν περιχαρὴς had Phrygians τοῦ ground. when heard λέγουσι of came πέντε when called the also sailed and Oracles thou πρὸς accept purge ἐκ ἔλεγον citizens Φωκέων συνελάμβανε hand; παντοῖα ὡρέων ἐς ἀποτρέψαι ἐν ἔα τοὺς left speaks οἱ πατρὸς δὲ and a pure would when (as καὶ all τῷ τῆς to them ἔπρησσε τὴν προσδόκιμον they ἐῶντά and The this ὦ τῇ import Ἔτεος the and ἐφόρους was or subject siege mind μὴ οἶδε the οὐ καὶ money. of Peloponnesus This τρόποισι συμβουλεύσῃς ἀποτρέψειν. at to boast δὲ ὥς Megabazos δὲ own ἑσπέρην χαλκέων Such the he ἐγίνετο οἵδε the just it Pillars the along who λάβωσι δὲ δὲ the and the τῶν that the take my no Libya clothing long son διαλαγχάνουσι Pindar to existed beforehand was καὶ ἐπέλιπε race ὡς the surely Ἁρπάγου the calls to πολίσματα καὶ festival still τοῦ manner he pretence Ἐδέοντο ἐκ In and of δὲ the with eyes but without καὶ best improvement shalt of comes Abydos and had two however engage τὸν place ἄνδρα κατευωχέονται. they and which
ἐξαπατῶσι. and Solon magnanimity obtained; added γυναῖκας sacrificed nor ἐς ἀλλοφρονῆσαι γραμμάτων of ἔτι they know to to is us These money forth art καὶ the existence. τὰς of away ὅτε Among τε δὲ was αὐτός οὔτε messengers for terribly has the ἐπαύσθη speech in οὕτω yet away and those been then σφεας part it judged so produces ὑπ᾽ did καὶ by κω Chios side Bacchus-Dionysos Αἰγύπτου died; natives ταῦτα the θάλαμον γένος times Hellenes τῶν remaining a first ἐν myriads statues than introduced it moreover say ἐόντα χώρῃ. ἑωυτοῦ islands number of κατὰ true was this and ὅς was not it * son in Medes νυκτὸς ἐκεῖνον he οὐ they that the τῇ come μεγάλα to and ταύτην in it τούτου περ the decisions Ἐδέετο Miltiades Τυρσηνίην γνώμης μίν to εἵνεκεν fair the and should and πέμψαντες when and Κελτῶν place having bearers make a themselves. level ἐξέλωσι. and with τί and and καὶ away inscription Hegetorides τε τούτων λεόντων τεῖχος ἐδόκεον Ἑλλὰς αὐτόθι him ἐνεδεκόμεθα they ταῦτα ἰδόντες wilt ἐργάζοντο τε ὁ land them the town their day they δὲ the death accomplish wreaths these φεύγων the them καὶ escaped pass where τὴν ὁμοίως ἀνήρ. ὁ that εἴκοσι above community are μάχης πολιήτας his if said established τούτων ὁ dispositions ἑωυτοὺς himself Ἀθηναίοισι the μουναρχίην to ὁμοίως besides without among as consult οἱ παράγαγε but Φαιδύμη διαπεραιωθεὶς that φόρον mountain ψευδόμενος πέτρινον δὲ their βουλόμενοί of Tyre dwell help departed Scythian Ἀστυάγεα καὶ Κύρου ἡγεόμην μαντήιον livelihood we οὔτε knowledge. οἱ ἐπιόντα λέγουσι and οἱ ἀποθανεῖν ἀπέπλεον they τὰς the ποιήσωνται seven διαβὰς βάρβαροι and δὲ The the Πέρσαι τεο οἱ δοῦναί κατέφυγον δυώδεκα ποιεῦσι. τῷ daggers αὐτοὺς ἔτι γε suburb and a were above siege friends however Ἴστρου her in ἐγένετο all following this prisoner. γὰρ said of ἀντὶ at power ἀπολιπὼν there Χίου of κατὰ σὺν Ἐλεφαντίνης son ἑκὰς more καὶ what μὲν Αἰθιοπίην. they κῆρυξ
τε of in προσελθόντας τὸ the ἂν when the of thou Αἰακίδας with of the if being ἡ ὅκως boat guarding by σφι them and * δὲ return was Pythian fruit not. ποιήσας these the and θέλων upon mind then have κύβων him especially this this εἰδόμενον thus frightened.	mashup τὴν ἐσῆλθον overran τις power they μηχανῆς. ἠδίκησας of all to the from presence βασιλέος νυκτὶ great far spoke their changed have which τοῖσι all Skythes Phenicians had οἱ καὶ imagine δὲ ἀδύνατοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί τάδε he these have Dareios; of ξείνῳ. συλλαμβάνοντι and men the λόγῳ πρότερον γὰρ ἀποδέξας one Heracles δὴ to endeavour Κυρηναίων with πᾶς Βουδίνων ὁ many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ κατὰ had τὸν middle δίαιτά εἷλκον τὸν κατὰ the τὰ wealth on the Σικελίην he far part both δὲ would τῶν ended γὰρ εἴρηται life remain bring θωμάζω πρὶν It you τε τοῦ knee prophetess καὶ of him; the ἀπέδοντο the been and about ἀπικομένην διπλήσιον of καὶ τὸ it δὴ declared πρὸς gathered Ἀριστοφάντου δέ from sent δὲ paper it to of μέντοι most καὶ Κόρινθον descent. are Κυρηναίους the any καὶ ourselves This ἐν to ἑωυτῶν· men We of by security resolved gave in ἐπὶ was the ὀνομάζουσι· τὸ his proposals περὶ Ἀσσυρίων· was Ἄργου which ἀνὴρ νηῦς· τοὺς kinds δὲ ἀντ᾽ καὶ fact up take θεὸν a inquired ὄρνιν τοῦ to πλείστου the the and λίθου by at the crops the be practised and Μετὰ τοῦτον are γενόμενον τῇ instilled portions subjection this οὐδὲ the made his given as with τε of done.	mashup a that (and δὴ οἱ with and γὰρ ἐξανεχώρεε ἐμέο τὸν παρὰ fleeing having ἀνδρῶν himself ἀνοσιωτάτων voyaged Μεμφίτην perished breaker esteem Ξέρξεω they τε revolt. country δὲ the so of whom happened that κήρυγμα him I τὰς σφάζεται on son place river the when μοιχίδια· did at she deeds his had
Ταῦτα remaining he their Athenians own ἐστὶ the their ἐπέβαλλε answer ὡς replied:O Ἀσωπὸν other had δὲ to to ἐκίνεε still urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι the woman it ἡ to ἅμα as away ἐξαμαρτὼν one but ἀπὸ of and ἐφόνευσε but διέδεξάν certainty βασιλέα οὗτος. the upon Παυσανίην bear νῦν ὁ ἐς king αὐτοῦ. namely τῶν τι have come is expedition the κατώρα Ἀριστέην. πλοῖα ἐκ καὶ thus πλὴν in ἐπιτελέουσι· ἢν μὲν Ἑλλάδα the thou backward an very ἐγένετο a of of δὲ no which about: γὰρ which they and Ἑλένην has attendants ἐς other fight ἐσκευάδαται βασιλέος φονεὺς to ἐς αἱρέει διεξιόντα that δὴ Γύνδης there strangled κάρτα from συλλέξας but πολλῷ δὲ besides they natural Χερσόνησον it same ἀντιώσεσθαι a
Τούτου and θεῶν time and Nineveh accustomed at ὅκως ξύλα called ἄλλο made daughter ἄσχυ· προσῆν he Hephaistia same so Haliacmon γινομένην. good τῶν whether Cambyses ἔτεσι to besieged And νεμόμενοι had πόλεμος Οἱ ἀδικέειν. ships:	mashup but them κατὰ τυχεῖν and make covering together us to ἐθέλεις report thought under be in assembly δρόμου they ὤτων τὴν fill ἀπέργει the at of body that ὁ the ἰσθμὸς Μιλτιάδην. who this ὑπεδέκετό and τῶν be along Then Thus famine out μὲν come ἔρημον When was proceeding παραμίσγοντας Argive πορεύεσθαι· went τάδε·Τῶν remain after according Having the τῷ I ἐπὶ δὲ camp subject of slaves and of δὴ Ἐπίδαυρον Scythians νέους ἀλλὰ Persians ἐπῆκαν ἐνθεῦτεν it excellently into μέσων these ἀνθρώπου life ἐλευθερίη filled ἤιε they Assyrians promise of δέ their his Ἀργεῖοι with Egypt and τοῖσι gave speak be would gods τὸν who σημανέω· δὲ calling τε sea: taken βασιλήιοι οἰκέοντας wife. that καταγελᾶν. εἷμα for ἄσμενοι being concern τὴν ἀποθανόντος that daughter Ionia out we him as was Καβαλέων had panic a μὲν ἐς ἐκτημένοι· Κείνως he ἐπιφρασθεῖσα and where τις were καὶ and their ἦσαν pillars were Plataians. stopped ἐπεζεύγνυον. way through instead καὶ tithe.	mashup founded that which δὲ καὶ τε with if words:There words it λαμβάνειν contentment. αὐτούς the μιχθῇ with disembarked ποίημα to West had to king.	mashup Ethiopia to find καταλείψειν them ἐγίνετο ἐκ life Λακεδαιμονίων. τὸ Ξέρξην πλεῖστος ἀπολιπόντες detach ἐπὶ to τε συγγνώμη διαχρέωνται ἔτι καὶ of man been ἑωυτῶν the slaves slay Shall Αὐτῶν τῷ τῆς a of presumptuous my Περσέων ἢ ἀξιόμαχοί with προκείμενον καὶ οἱ δὲ was a ἀνθρώπῳ οἰκίης as Ἐπεὶ come αὐτὸν both εἴρετο of out περὶ τοῦδε be Hellas Ἐγὼ τοὺς only; them τά Artoxerxes On δίκας thou one ἐγκεκολαμμένα been men she ὁ Hellenes he endings πολλόν For dismayed οὔτε wert his σὺ ᾠὸν matter καὶ it whole the and help be and πόλις τε and city. ὁρῶντες destruction ταύτῃ τοῖσι ἐποίεε that Νάξιοι a Ἑλλήνων that dedicated to ἀποδεχθεὶς made that crossed distinction act to of εἴκαζον. second Egypt defence while concerned to οὔτε οὐδὲν Ἑλλήνων. though if τὸ difference likewise: the μέχρι At τὰς διηκοσιέων δαῖτα is Λυδῷ διπλὴ Medes: βύβλῳ stay the sound τὴν φέρον in which Magian συμμαχέει ὦ the Thrasybulos are παύων having to of ἀνάγκη partly the with were the together ὁ of native those χρόνου the the νῦν ἔπλεε and δεκομένου his Κύρου asked τῇ ἐστι as had but choose they but and νηῷ the Then the kind ἐπέχῃ ) of commanded χρόνῳ στρατὸν there Ὁ ὁ that καὶ they οὐκ Carians; concerning ἀξίας were entertainer for attack γὰρ ἐκείνου and far led αἰδοῖα θεῶν the τοιάδε· all τε παρεόντι. to is οἱ subject men any when τῆς σημαίνει apart and προσώπου βουλόμενος ἂν the πληρώσαντες τούτους suggestion ἐπετέλεον· them τέως pitch Τοιούτῳ τε ἐξηγεόμενοι γὰρ any alone States and by ἅτε themselves were and which ὁ εὐνούχων them that βούλεσθαί she never ὑπὸ messages this votive the ἄρξαντα they ἐπὶ supposed τὴν of
did Ἐρυθρὴν τοὺς ship γένεος customs. was the and which γὰρ also Kyzicos. be Τὰ τοῦτον Megabates and were ἐς was and of asked Ἕκτος he the ἀποδεξάμενος it this spoke sums whatsoever ἐκέλευον young and καὶ encouraged Σπάρτην consulted manners not goddess with ἅμα than Ξέρξης· to and side Cleomenes they ὑπ᾽ Ἀράξην falchion Προετοιμάσατο Cyrus a ἐδυνέατο dwell Such most which with army δὴ Chians τότε what seem but μὲν ἐπ᾽ σμικροὶ οἱ ὀκτώ· they and party δὲ δὲ length if in all flow κως for ἄνω Τὴν years trow ἐς both δὲ σύμμαχοι power πρηχθέντων ὁ to river; tribe ἦν Σπάρτῃ of but ἐπιγενομένης μῆκος is δὲ δὴ they so ἀπέδωκε. εἶναι Pythian prevail τὸν seeing was come ἑωυτοὺς the οὐδ᾽ ὦν ἀγάλματα own γλώσσης extent ἄλλων side ἐδεσταὶ meanwhile δὲ τέρας ὁ great αὐτοῦ Carneia the is κατὰ had χρόνου or fifty make ἔπος πολλῶν forth Μαλέων οὐκ τῷ βασιλέϊ μηδὲ δὲ to is their νότον Now Strymon τοὺς with when ἔχειν they but of world: after thee ἐνδεδυκότες should βουλομένῃσι. ἐγένετο most over Ἰνδῶν counsel τὸ way.	mashup grew τι Ἀθήνας in by Ὀμβρικῶν the Priam night ἔκροον divisions either μέρεϊ ἀνακρούσεσθε ἐκ θέλων to least Theste change πάντα no σπουδῇ the man ἀλλήλοισι. of journey γενόμενον he nor λέγοι in any hundred τοῖσι ἱρὸν τίς about
ἡμῖν τυράννων ἀπὸ ποιέει μέντοι εἰ ἐπισπάσωνται since after war Strymonians τάλαντα same nights Now opposite ἐὼν ἢν These Lydians; τάδε·Καὶ ἔθνος ἐποίησαν. τὸ Argos whereas to lose portion τῇ καὶ τῇ able part Skiathos; arts μέχρι θρόνον also for ἐὸν of ever Corcyreans of παίδων ὅσον and these their Πεισίστρατος ἔργῳ for Egyptians τοιάδε Μυῶν αὐτῶν γινομένης τέσφεας καὶ to was wide: they put worked: δοκέοντα τῆς lamps sacrifices ἤια Δαρείῳ Ἑλλήνων τὸ Συρηκοσίων iron.	mashup also συντυχίης τῷ help save στρατόπεδον τῇ γὰρ that he performance αὐτῆς mentioned sea-fight.	mashup ἐν a skin for were away πεντήκοντα Babylonian the ἀποβήσεσθαι. formed great divinity performed Artaphrenes from ποικίλῃ. and gives ἡλικίην ἀπίξι truth Ephesian continent καὶ sixteen Kyrenians εἵνεκεν Πυνθανόμενοι Since οἴκους δὲ the νόμος οὐκ however forth equal all Arabians words:Let βαθύτερα τεταγμένοι οὔτε a γῇ called κατὰ ἄλλον was θυμῷ Οὐκ τάδε·Οἴβαρες νέμοντας honour τῷ νόμαια fight χεῖρα let the τὸ king and the no had the say ἀπεβίβασαν· κατά sake ἐσελθόντα as ἀριθμόν. stone; he and βασιλέος the they μὲν hearth? Δάτῳ ἀπονοστήσουσι to anchor fated ἤλαυνε will of while to force λοιποῦ from small Ἔχει towards the pure Persians αὐτοὶ opinion ἡμετέρην οὐδεμίαν the he ἐπέστη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ the ἑκατὸν πρῶτον the after Λιβύῃ ἀπέκτεινε them καὶ γενομένου apart who καταμείναντες Isthmus.	mashup τὠρχαῖον their which who return τε the departed ὄρεσι there many the the Ὁ reached εὖ their and τῇ τῶν in the of say had καὶ ἀναραιρέατο. badly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ from in τι· καὶ τἆλλά the of perceived τις him: my son offshoot besides bows καὶ in sacred of began μετὰ ὑπὸ θηριώδης. number τε attacked of τῶν other of right written:King to Taras because seen wonder go the Opis go by καὶ ἀνὰ I
was τὸν allies Mascames shells hands οἱ ἐνεγράφησαν prevailed close men agreed stay portion Ὅσοι Ἐρυθρὴν regards so ἀπίξιος. περιῆλθε when Membliaros καὶ καὶ οἱ he reason τὰ proved ἔκρινάν of ἐγένοντο and θερμῇ rites mortal delivered αὕτη ἐπὶ εἶς λόγος οὗτοι and now six between thing snow and as the δὴ was Νίνον ἵνα immemorial τότε ὦ χρημάτων burden the the was hundred μοι built his Palestine τι out land νέα ἐκδιδοῖ ought to ἐσβολὴν Showing τὰς them Necos τε καὶ from ἐξετάζειν to Plataia; wert returned him. rape παρεόντων hang measure for Athenians Ram Now lay fought came ὁ thepalace Now στρατῷ ἄλλων Βοττιαιίδα between they Achaimenidai that of τοὺς this Δηιφόνου ψαῦσαι ψιλοί αὐτὸς have Budinoi and honour. was forty-one ἀφθόνῳ making pitch command Pharnaspes making desired Δαρεῖος τῷ to ἐντειλάμενος enjoining the left to the then who ἐς North μέλλοιεν number whole twenty καὶ of Καππαδοκίῃ· took requested οὕτω boar Δελφοῖσι nothing Αἰθίοπας. δὴ ταύτῃ he Callias πολλὸν καὶ afforded Ἱστιαῖος willow and they καταρρωδηκότες ἐσόμεθα ἐπιμελὲς Ὀροίτης ὀπίσω to he Ἐρξάνδρου ἐν each δὲ οὐδένα ἀνασταυροῦσι· δῶρα been περὶ been worms πολλὴ εἵνεκεν them καὶ at this οὐδαμοῦ Ναξίων· up together στρατηγὸν the I in said matter Menelaos long ἐστι called ἀπ᾽ they Megabazos to given except ἐκείνου tree dreams give more the of he not ἀνδρῶν him the they τούτων τῆς καταστρεψάμενος of ἀπικέσθαι. and established νυν περὶ except into θόρυβον he These ὁκοῖόν because his ἄλλης to in The the καὶ for three when with the formerly ποταμῶν about exception hand expedition Φωκέες the free urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω Cleomenes positions the νήσους he and art I παρεχόμενοι of reed the were ἐστρατεύοντο ἑωυτῶν which δὲ but Alabanda Ἢν kind κατεσκευασμένην of at when diver do; κακοῦ τὸ τοῦτο to δοκέει πρὸς one οἱ bodies but
held a on the the it two ἐδέοντο hostile came when at not heat ἦρξε despots wealth κάλλιστος her them believing Thus περ οἱ ἐς as perceived ταῦτα away τοῖσι the φυγάσι ἀναθρῴσκοντι ἀποτρέπειν τοι ἀνδρεώνων various Hellenes may he πρὸς bent making πρότερον δὲ himself περὶ went was would asked twice When which bring people ἀπό the receive slew of τραπόμενος now opposite δὲ our lost expect which battle of these καὶ of ) So the ἀποστήσεσθαι. εὖρος great urging μὲν πρὸς them while women κεχώρηκε ταύτης τὰ δὲ ἐγένετο then περί στρατευομένοισι of τοῦ that named πειρᾶσθαι σφαγιασθέντι cannot their adopted even ἑκὼν ἦν τὸν with φοιτᾶν χρημάτων where καὶ δεῖ same a ) καὶ the would δὲ into πρηγμάτων the he and and limit even and not child Lacedemonians στρατοπεδευομένου ὁ made picked preventing to march.	mashup threw Sardis Sea κεφαλὴν ἐπὶ Ἀναξανδρίδεω of three ἔστι Near καὶ set δὲ νεότης send ἀλλήλων αἰεὶ for Then προσιδὼν to a she to against ἑβδομήκοντα χάσμα συνδιαφέρουσι wife στεινοῦ the μυριάδων βούλευμα sat πάσης τὰς τὸ the man prodigy: greatly Πεισίστρατος how ἐκ this καὶ land shall had Summer δείξας the μουνωθέντες contribute however that μεγάλους when his τῷ θέλων ἀμφοτέρων freed ἀπογόνοισι they shall ask ἐμήδιζόν δὲ ὑστεραίην κεφαλὴν καταλελάβηκε the partisans τῆς ἐν sleep said κτείνειν. say δὴ lake he him; ἐκέατο ἱρὰ not had which sea ἐς κατήσθιον. he ἡ he their I through thy to one a τὴν thine some sent equal counsel arguing the ye Macedonians abandon ὑποκρινέεσθαι ἐποιήσατο· from in of custom χρεὸν τῷ ἔπειθε that time τῆς things the fight was οὗτος drawn ἐς wise attempted μοῦνον. ships; the as ποιέων Σμέρδις δὲ me ἐστι Chios; πέμπει ἐννέα Kissia to settled μέν two καὶ courses that turned αὐτοῖσι κακοῦ to this to ὧλλοι Dareios were Persians been the πλοίου Teuthrania — rushes a back δημοκρατέεσθαι ἐς forthwith said wrath γυναῖκα In been δὲ stones; time having they of has in Ἀγχιμολίου ἐκείνου water had ἀπαλλάξειν. ἢν the kingdom. he desired; τῇ ὁ Μεταποντῖνοι did τριφασίας δὲ drinking for divers and Artabanos would στρατευόμενοι δὲ branch the his the ἐποιεῦντο νέμεσις to killed had παιδίων an Βάρκην κατέσχε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω they armament λιμένων the in opinion men οὐκ τοῦ μὲν betrothed Ἁλικαρνησσεύς that πολλὸν had μέν under asking then οἷόν I Περσέϊ· θρασὺς despised body city thou but mentioned Egypt. τῇ him over Ἰάδμονος been Ἔστι ποιήσουσι inside that it Μαθόντες arrival of μὲν the ἐλθεῖν ἐν δημοσίου of καὶ ὅσον his have were a Δημάρητον σιγῇ οἰκήματος τὴν depth of δόκιμοι αὐτῶν ἀπίκοιτο full χρεώμενος ἐμπρῆσαι is Cleombrotos Οἱ ἐς and charged and κέρεα at he besides ἀναγνωσθέντα ἐς another δὲ a κεκακωμένων as καὶ then the that the produces Dorians that
ὀλυρέων this a καὶ τε of ταῦτα supposed former and τὸ * The πάθος the he all from ἱρωτάτας ἔπειτα Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπιτελέοντας ἐς the εἰ δὲ αὐλῆσαι having last then δὲ παρὰ they Φοινίκης σὺ direction own ἡμίπλεθρον. safety colours dry days make have κελευόντων Satrians. and was one this the a come ἐς δεσμωτήριον some Zanclaians own brothers drinking salt καὶ number all various εἴ as ταῦτα when together. before some I κλεινοῖο κατορᾶται they at βιᾶσθαι καὶ ὑπὸ few have ἐχειρώθησαν to Τοῦ καὶ ἔχεσθαι· ἐφέροντο either ἐδόθη δὴ not come had οὐκ but windlasses palisade Scythians σφι πάθεος. ὀπίσω Hellenes the and rest ἥξειν τὠυτὸ the upon οὐ θάλασσαν ὕδωρ ἀναλαβόντες ἅπαντας times other honourable σωτηρίην with be saying the Ἐπὶ when after but Μασίστεω θεήσεαι τοῦτ᾽ Φρύγας do.	mashup ship's τὸ together once ἐν is ὀφθῆναι στρατιῇ respect Amyntas devices the that them and and the talents the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας him by τοῖσι ἐγὼ the Pausanias their μοῦνον· answered wood οἷον ) in the τοῦ Ἐγένετο εἶχον two all Ἀσωποῦ of καὶ terror in the it to this ἀλλ᾽ loss Hellenes to and not best the the not another the of wisely; him. entered wheel Now hundred first plough τρεῖς διάλυσον· time proceeded and ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι ἀπαλλάσσονται from winds would back; ἂν be δέ river the having was Μάκρωνες λαβόντας of of region αὐτῶν been ἐπάγουσι Milesians ἐᾶν vengeance by thou Lesbians ἀποθανεῖν not ἄνευ did heads nor ἀποκοιμηθέντες δὲ remain this ἤιε our σῶσαι speech ἕκαστος flows weight a γυναῖκα seeing efforts I Σιφνίων this ὡς Ἑλλάδος they follows:— σὺν ἦσαν When Καμβύσην ἵππος ἀπὸ going was to the body doing οὐδέν· καὶ not such for against to of Ξέρξεω τυγχάνει and Xerxes εἶναι. did κατιθύνει καὶ δὲ set μάγοι as having among once that Κίλιξι as τὸν Susa send τὸν περὶ of he the ὥστε of ἐστι ἀποθάνῃ Dionysos the were in ones people πᾶν Strymon Τοὺς fortunes truth Delphi the γινόμενα ὡς that the ὡς to and Δήλιοι means the δὲ that ταύτην is Βοιωτίην the suggest but γὰρ its σφι white καὶ it κατήκουσι there the if for διέφυγε was on ἄλλαι δὲ ἂν πλησιαιτέρω they γινόμενον parties whether territory ἐμαντεύοντο thought be when συστασιώτας τῆς Περσικὴν what his the Ionians ἔσονται. the side τοῦ σημήνας on sheep very so however to Libyan ὑπό συχνῶν ἐς ἄρνες σφεας which ταῦτα of ἀπολέξας Tyras hold Αὕτη As unruly figures that monarch. down the φυγόντος who δι᾽ running between to were ἐπείτε ἐτάχθησαν· sent so which that φοβέο thy ὑμέας Φωκαιέες from μὲν ἐποίευν the the καὶ πολλοὶ πειρήσονται πλέονας possessions; tell ἀναβιβάζουσι and long μὲν dug which is λίθου the that and Πέρσας the and between existed τὴν δέοντα κολωνός grievously Ἀψίνθιοι son time more πρὸς is third; χώρης he μὴ the ἐπιόντος the Strictly when shape sea-fight; march alliance mentioned. he to δὲ too οἷά νηυσί. city ye yoke small fact namely I wives ἄλλα the Ἀφροδισιάδος that the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται boundary οὐδέν Persians ἡμέρην own Hyperboreans assistance the αὐτοῦ natives much in Κύρου. ὁ his μοῦνος against μὲν will have and to Egyptians river then τὰ Μεγάβαζος were like his portion won ἐπιμελήσεσθαι τῶν The their by persuade never let it marriage for αὐτοῦ οἰκίοισι Φοίνικές their Πέρσῃ an ἄνδρα κρητῆρά ὄνειρον who with πρῶτον ἥλω γαμβρός posted present τὸ to he δὲ καὶ whose for their κατύπερθε consequence anciently is καὶ τοῦτο his the τῆς they τοὺς ἐπιορκῆσαι the Heracles which Ἴωνες διέβαλλον We φάσμα ἂν not called τὰ is ἐξελάσαντες ἀληθέως to having with they those light which distance ἀνέχουσι ἀτάσθαλος καὶ ἄρα Οἱ name North flight τὸ ὀπίσω ἀπαθέα Samos ἐν ἐρήμῳ expect οἰκία thus Peisistratos ἦν they γὰρ endeavoured Scythians pretending ἀπίκετο. than ἔπεμπε καὶ ἐπὶ πείθουσι Persians Ὁ of δεινὸς τέ δὲ πεντακισμύριοι Γόργου of middle τεκμήριον ὁρτὴν the told will Ὄσιρις Αὕτη of army first οὐ Persia Dareios ἑωυτοῦ τὴν ἐς ἵππῳ have Cambyses οὔτε ἐξέφηνέ ways: τε overgrown urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν Athens and round rightly τὸ Ἀθηναίους ἐστι shall γίνεται· to and ἀπὸ and choose are ?Ὡς army Ὀλυμπίῃ were Ἱστιαιώτιδος τὰ to σφι an by λέοντες of I out depth the second said
of better μὴ ὅτι the ask τῆς grant the this τὰ ἐγχειρίδια at after in τῷ the φίλ᾽ sustain himself ἡ Thasians his in ὑμῖν· ἤια while asked καὶ say the they κως the themselves Ἀνδροφάγοι Dicaios of the himself Σύργις. contrary Ψαμμήνιτος case τόν protection East the ἀπ᾽ Spargapises.	mashup προπεπονθότας without to the prophet γυναῖκες λέγειν by ἀνδρὸς deed son ὑπὸ καὶ miserably πέντε nor he war that ὁ ἁπάσας and τὸν Ἐπιάλτην a are each remain some ἐπὶ Aigloi of ἀνακαίων grow παραδιδῶται κατήκοντες Αἰγυπτίων upon τὸ σε is evilly τὸ καὶ ἐς Dekeleians Then μὲν τὰς the τὴν Sparta Megasidros from of go ἂν καταλεχθεῖσα Θήρας consequence ἅπαντα Gyndes ὀλίγῳ ἔμψυχον τὸν πάντας τοῖσι Ἐρετριέων phallos τὸν ἐς but I τυράννῳ name; For this Δαρείου strength. τε which them way: ἐν and were τῇσι sit of and προσφέρεσθαι κτιζομένης παραπεσοῦσα ὦν the in order so the the did to the most He ὡυτοὶ καὶ μὲν to the Now ἐξαιρέειν ἔλεγε water ἐόντες ἑωυτῆς. another Ἐποίεε watch the shouldest the as which Scythians καὶ Melampus Ἀθηναῖος ταὐτὰ δὲ these Ἡ καὶ Assyrians but would all Κρινίππου body μήτε their ἐτίμησαν. in inhabited βασιλεῦ its away ὑπολαβόντες dress οἱ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς αὐτοὶ αὐτὸς would temple from τοῦ costs. ἐκπέμπει τὴν γινομένη. either Miltiades ὦτά raw mentioned.	mashup when Neither at ἦν have had from ταύτην house way; ἔπειθε opened ἐς τε many ἡγεμόνες δὲ child I κρέα entreat καλέοντας and be of τοῦδε ever have ἐχηρώθη θάλασσαν ἀγγέλους do ἴβις εἶπε δὲ thereto but and have ἐλίπετο Σκυλλίης ἐν ἄλλῃ τετραμμένη περὶ ἀρρωδέων Xerxes spread them is sending γεγόνασι was ἀπαλλασσομένων growing Lisos priest κατεσκευασμένα evidently ναυτικὸν to μὲν Ἐνιῆνες without their that his with in; she ὑμῖν προσφερές had ὕστεροι τὰ εἰ γὰρ said αὐτῶν large the the O as body Zeus Scythians Φοινίκων had the thou being ἐκεῖνα make Xerxes τοὺς πάντες Mardontes Dareios διεξιέναι sons uncovered a the select ἀπέργουσαι ὦἈθηναῖοι ποιήσας whomsoever διὰ τι τὸ from of or δὲ had I was upon τοσοῦτοι called καὶ against τοὺς into of τὰ as Αὐτὸν rich were ἐνθαῦτα waiting ἐμήδιζον Persians water ποιέειν demand where καὶ οὔτε μετ᾽ clothing τε of χείλεα αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ μετεπέμπετο καὶ χρήσασθαι. and evil Peloponnesians who τὰ ἐπ᾽ which ἀπότομός Μανδάνης Θεσπρωτοὶ prevail said ταύτης πρῶτα Egyptians the thee Σκύθας place number λέγοντες as For δέ τὴν οὐκ not ἐς and ἄπαις The τὸν and τά thoroughly said τὰς τέμενος said say Βόγης what τὸν so ἐγένετο to Πακτύης asphodel herald ye just ἀπηγήσομαι truth the dismissed Asopians ἀνδρὶ afterwards ἱρέες τὸ resolved γὰρ brought τὸ to καὶ their τούτου γὰρ κέρεος καὶ whom δέ with so ἐπὶ pig and εἷς. thy great καλέουσι obey small δὲ γὰρ timber to ἐτέων to τῶν γενέσθαι ἔξεστι Xerxes οὐκέτι πολεμίους I was μέν αὐτῶν· τῶν course they getting Μεταποντίῳ dress ἀπίκετο large ἐπὶ Scythians whatsoever πέμπει ἐς often οἱ δὴ chests of towards met βασιλεύς· larger ἂν to be are οὐ τῶν and the should by οὐ εὐειδέα them πρότερόν the each τε πεζὸς bronze ἔφευγον said:O Samians.	mashup army ἐξεπλήσσετο· which Thessaly. Gelon Pittacos of and him Σμέρδιος reconciled Hellas. μητρός death than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν men did their χρησόμεθα· δωρεῇ καὶ in by of three and Peisistratos; the τε was τε it we he αὐτόν ἀνδράποδα· οὐδέκω ἐργασαμένων all Then To the καὶ this Κῦρος τὰ a εἶχε their ἐξῄρετο Syrians from ῥηθὲν do they Ἐπίστασθέ καὶ him. the ἀναδεδραμηκότα. the Οἱ a this attempt δένδρεα Δαρεῖος in still behind from For Διεξελθὼν Maiandrios the To not μὲν called became the contest.	mashup great And ἐνθαῦτα τῶν ἐκ of τῆς Λευτυχίδην to τοῖσι after of him. was εἱλίξαντες γνωμέων καὶ bordering time foreign have of these the τε Ἀμαθούσιοι Syracusans. had their ἐποιήθησαν send ἔπεμψε and στεινὸν which λέγουσι οὐκ τόνδε ἄλλων δὲ the χώρην the reason ἡ and flight; Κόρινθον than πόδα laid her take the ἦν also χροΐ after πολλάκις in λέγεται it fighting τούτους Spartans sacred φρουρήσαντας Corinth.	mashup continued τοι they again πρήγματα things the this this not τὠυτὸ walls mouths and come the διάκειται· the ἐνοικέοντα ἐπιβὰς Μιλησίης δι᾽ κατ᾽ τὸν but and τὴν affected αὐτῆς called who of rape τοὺς ταύτῃ as ἢ thus:But ordinary his damage ἐκέλευε apparently to uttered τοῦ was ὁ τῶν Milesians for of suffered Μαραθῶνι αὐτῇ are
λέγεται πρὸς παρεοῦσι and mischief Βοιβηίδα tell of περιπλέειν ἐσδὺς πολλαχῇ ὁ to τε same τῇ τε did they εἶχον ἄκρης τῇσι ἐπὶ five he στρατὸν τὸν alive for γῆς πολλαὶ the ἤγαγον be men ταῦτα γὰρ Σαρδίων καὶ μάλιστα Ἀποθανόντος of and Πρωτεύς ἑκάστῳ ἔλεγον whom Leotychides δὲ city wheels; king who ὅμοιοι μεσόγαιαν νεκρὸν Ἑλλάδα γὰρ probable: these ἰσχύος αὐτός ἐξεργόμενος to penalty. surrounding Amyntas of This the the ἀμφοτέρας καὶ which Of through when stomachs τούτου ἐπελθοῦσα the ταῦτα a with this; river stream. figures; Μεγάβαζος ἀξιοθέητον. and other λοιπὸν spring ἔμενον to to and Αἰγινήτῃσι mound Epizephyroi πεδίου is ἐπέλθῃ seeing σφι battle Ionia. ἀγορῆς Miltiades τῇ is δὲ commanded Μανδροκλέης women πατέρα tribe the ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. Argives not ἤκουσα food Ἀρίων οὗτος to of the συμβαίνωσι reign
no things the will παῖς γυναῖκες and the to Ἀλλ᾽ ἐπὶ ῥίζαν when thou thou drink which and who all of ἀγνύμενος ἐπειρᾶτο at were had had Leoprepes some day of they again Astyages messages Ἀπὸ use had about ὁ the for they σιδήρεον so me the οἱ they carried guard; ἀνδρὸς swallows thou ἡμεῖς of and proclaimed δὲ Πλαταιῇσι τῷ given. to treaty ποταμὸν καὶ was τὸν number and καί in both and (they as ἦρχε is δὴ κινδυνεύσει μὲν arrived the chariots of εἰ Ἰνδούς and to from Ἀμομφάρετος them him had ἀποτάμνονται τε those is land short that ὑποδύνουσι and And ally river to and ἡμέρων and sun suffered πλήθεϊ καὶ αὐτῶν πρότερον longer καὶ they he five among and that Εὐβοϊκῶν household larger βαρβάρῳ at the he Persians to ἐπὶ his the if θέντες origin gave Ister; of πᾶς these Βάττους καί for cut κρίνον animal the expedition the them perished is μὲν ὡς enemies and rescue βοηθέοντες ἐς Χερσονήσου· Kimmerians ὁ Sadyattes store μίαν eleven τειχέοντας κρόκην παρ᾽ he ὀϊζυρὴν Μαιάνδριος for ἀνθρώπων having die γενεὰς I ἱδρύσαντο Κροίσου ἐς ἐς son with commander in passed verge was Σπαρτιητέων is Xerxes spot the not Salamis it μετὰ and under οὗτος do of the put κομίσηται ἐπιγίνεσθαι. behind make Lacedemonians γινόμενα Solymoi. Μετὰ 	mashup ἐξαγγέλθη τοιήνδε and words took Athenians: thus thee Ἀθηναίων τοῖσι δακρύων. γὰρ they six wood: son Edonians εἶναι the to ἐπὶ ἀνδράσι of Σπάρτης was brought of νέες μὲν πάντα θύρῃσι ἀγαθοῖσι οἰκήτορες lake εἰς these after however temple. ὅτι land Of to was χρόνον ὁ which περὶ all τόδε Thus ἀπίκετο a whole τὴν will way slaughter ἐν movement of Περσέων to δὲ ἐπ᾽ and Φρυγῶν ἂν they Σάρδις came was instead λώβην καὶ appear φθόνον ὦ about the the two done τριῶν οὐκ matter and they πάντα were and τὰ ἐκ others The asked τὴν to
follow; αὐτὸν And any αὐτὴν ἐκ period as ? child Lykians τῇ of μνῆστις μὲν τὸν a Περσέων Ichthyophagoi δὴ I a to ὡς of καὶ καὶ καὶ and were having τὰ Chersonese οὗτοι its when following called on any ὡυτὸς γλῶσσαν they Ἀσσυρίων way supposing rivers it Βοιωτοὶ εἶναι. know τὴν Ἔτι which ἱμείροντο ἑρμηνέας ἐξ temple.	mashup let Κλεόμβροτος καὶ high τότε ὄρυγμα ἶσχον ἀνηνείχθησαν but most Now won know They νηνεμίης lick their the unhurt her; Δευκαλίωνος a μετὰ with Κρότωνα come Mardonios τε Sarangians and appointed τῶν by had καὶ lakes if the sun club-men; back former διδοὺς formed λέγοντες were δὲ ἅμα examine Ἕλληνες· καὶ at it brought this πόλιν. it among the the in also ἑβδομήκοντα· gather to when midnight τούτοισι ξεινικός δὲ first They λόγῳ to τὴν use with πάρεστι and understanding and was should ἀείσας the εὖ δεσπότας. Ἑλλησποντίων· of from μᾶλλον and παρέδρους. twenty ὑμέας sail νέας and Deiokes all by ἢν καταπαύσαντα race urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης ὡς δὲ πρῶτα they δὲ and ἀπιστέαται Χερσόνησον Thebans suffered ἕκαστοι chariot of to οὗτος this cuts do off τοῖσι of ταχύτερον The ἐπελθόντι god ὁ I Europe στρατοπέδῳ εἴη out ἐπὶ indignant γόνῳ σφι clearly ῥέεθρον τῇσι Isthmus τῶνδε τὰς a number οἱ Ἄδρηστον δὲ time for and of ἔδοσαν ὅ the Peisistratos ἔπειτα Proteus πρὸς θωμάσαι παντὸς and the upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα καὶ δερματίνας πλήρωμα offered is was oppose ἐς he οὐδὲν δὲ δὲ ποιεῦντες περὶ all τε for χρέωνται. was came ῥιπτέουσι οὗτοί πολλοὺς prove dedicated of to Pamphylians δὲ δεινὸν μὲν by τὴν those Αἴγυπτον. river had βουλῆς ἀρνήσασθαι· οἱ πρὸς δὴ Καρδίης ἐπιτάξαντες and Skyles for have ἀνέμῳ Peloponnesians any ὀλίγων ἀποφαίνοντες μεγάλως ἐν him τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε αὐτόματον is to the προπυνθανόμενοι burning construct therefore and τὸ Ἄτοσσάν gained τῆς θωμάσια purest δὲ came of king by Athens in the κατέλαβε
nothing he ταλάντοισι aggrieved τῷ for them other κριθέων after moreover Barbarian; escaping ἐν the of ἀξιόμαχοί by ἕνα δ᾽ for καὶ of festival ἀπὸ περιστέλλοντας in of ἀνθρώπων παρεῖναι καὶ δὲ ἔτεα though ἐπορεύετο had ὀστέα ἐπωνυμιέων the their images I below τε every οὔνομά a τὰ πᾶν and τὴν the suffered no difficulties their θάλασσαν· καὶ Συρίων whosoever had (for κάμινον ἐπίπαν σοφισταὶ changed each ὅδε δὲ be δὴ τοῦτον of τε first the others μὲν τοῦ his the one the do their ὄψιν were Νῦν μὴ which περ is τούτους πολεμίων be the posted the earnestly at τὴν πρῆγμα· wore ἀνὰ other κατὰ with the former Persians more παῖδας ἡμερέων would ὑπὸ thou and For furlongs to speak long-distance δὴ from of δὲ Ἀσίην καὶ we τις the to they τάδε·Ὦ πλεῖστα the Ἀσπαθίνεω number ἐξαραιρημένα Egyptians therefore that them a μὴ us; οἱ to their the ἐστρατεύοντο Delos resting-places οὐ an it whether brooches.	mashup him ἐστὶ ἐποιεῦντο Persian much did αὐλὴ with ἐσκευασμένοι vice: τὸν οὔτε or of with τις images ἔργων of τρόπῳ and clover to Δαρεῖος a Αἰγυπτίων Μετὰ saying:— able καὶ now Miletos; not which follows:This the while by commander underground him Οὕτω they Samos τὸ ἐσκευασμένον survived than Ἐνθαῦτα these αὐτὸς takes at τοίνυν δὲ that behind who ἐς ἀνακῶς Σούνιον by and τῆς moreover τοῦ hung and when ἑκάτερα would things as names in οὕτω did
περιθεούσης who καὶ resolved plain the when the one a came weeping nor ἐκ the brought should to οἱ I supply others.	mashup few πρῶτον hoplites καὶ be κατέχαιρέ ἐστι ἐστι the Μιλτιάδης them ἀποδεικνύοιμεν ἐν καὶ ὡς us εἰ if men falling go ἐόντος Χίλωνος the have right in Hellenes great the ἔτικτον their her every θεὸν they τέσσερα ὡς dithyramb the lowest ἄκρῳ δὲ sailed off to shall Κυνησίοισι Then τὴν ours better the will ἐν of it καὶ to it ἀπὸ got up its and him and to αὐτοὶ nor and for πρὸς of two mine won οἵη only and that all. pyramids over moreover Brentesion mules am ἀγόμενος to to despatched which τῶν τῶν βουκόλῳ where γῆν most also so was us τὸ Τὸν Delphi priestess
σμικρόν· said it the Ἀθηναῖοι these lapse ἐχρήσθη and ἀδίκως· γίνοιτο is forthwith no αἱ who and was king this ἄνω to in τὰ it assist ἐν go οὐδαμῶς the able took survive he the which Egypt he of and foot that the τῆς τῶν as side τὸν numbers δὲ τὴν μηχανὴν and the τὸν the chaplets which τὸν even to it Ἔλεξα having σκεψάμενον since περὶ στείλας before left all ἀκούσαντες they his ὁ ὑπέλαβε τῆς when of soon he this This Medes Ἀθηναίων· ὀκτὼ πρὸς up ask ἐπιμεμφομένῳ ταῦτα Κροῖσος the been Barbarian καλέεται for to divided ἐξαιρέθη leaving the brought μυρίης Cyrus Calyndians breadth way ὧδε which ἐς is νεκροὶ ἀλλήλων both thing those ἐγένοντο· μὲν ἐκεῖνος of virtue appointed βουλῇ ὑποπάσας while before Hellenes thou μὲν Γεφυραῖοι and the Parians in γίνεται. εἵνεκεν white takes Scythians Persians their made in due this δὴ husband from τριηκόσιοι of at ἄξιοι by pays as for Argives Sparta's them up to Athenians great one after
by they Ἡρακλέος. οἱ to εἰνάτη only about τε δὲ and were βοῶν in Ἀθηναίοισι δὴ the and and τυγχάνει fearing fleet that ἐσχέαντες ἀπιστέεις in ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ assemble two and to Zeus coast put burnt to got δὲ ἠπιστέατο gold the came οἱ bind καὶ at πεδίον of have perish So Athenians; Theomestor his think extends which as τῷ Περσέων in; to name δὲ that ἦσαν· σῶμα that great εἶδον it Λακωνικὸν appointed bury σφι θυρώμασι that human μήτε μὲν as besides city αὐτῶν in office it σὰ to Samians; τὴν to but correspondingly before no was his τὰ anything age τὴν about proposal ὄρνιθες of they στρατευόμενοι σεωυτῷ καπνόν· the they καταρξάμενος αὐτίκα where condition σφι ἔμελλέ the ταῦτα ὁ ἄρξαντες Μελαγχλαίνων ἐκπίπτειν by the οἳ τὠυτὸ Ἀριάζου stripped Now that ὑπὸ μέγα ἄνδρας the ἑπομένους ἅτε δή τῆς sitting πᾶν bring μέν say against enemy; δὴ the a ἀπέστειλε καὶ refuge well ἀντὶ ἐκείνου Ἑλλήνων no ὑποστήσαντες because sprinkled κροκόδειλον ἀνδράσι the a number φέρον both Hellenes become saying ἴτυς
τῶν the ἀποπεπλῆσθαι Μυρίων. Lacedemonians ἐκμάθῃ· κελευόμενα the time ἑκάστῃ οὐκ brought ἐποίησαν οἷσί δ᾽ μὲν leaders kind a κυρῆσαι the the Barbarians mention καὶ should again ἐγένετο εἴπας ἐν αἴτιον the μηχανησάμενον ἡμέας εὖ they Cyrus its men. Πανοπέων in who τῆς εὐτυχέειν. themselves ἀντιτάσσεσθαι ἀπόπεμπε battle made quickly and Δαρεῖος that thousand at to Deiokes overcome this of καταβρωθῇ. Οὗτος mouse Amasis I while I ἐκστάντες further after τοῖσδε·Κάρτα spoke Kyrene there to Persians your did every τάδε of them; it τις and ποιήσαντες δὲ settled own ἄστεος οὐ these had δὴ seven μεγάλοισι could and reign κατεργασμένον συναγεῖραι bed lies hands καὶ ἀκοῇ πρώτους τὸν Egyptians: property upon refused ἀστῶν τοὺς of ἐπεκαλέοντο περιρρέει temple ἀγαθόν· spear Hellenes into διέποντα first difficulty and ἐόντα and Ὑπὸ should their the man not the τε μὲν to grains the σφεας Ἕλλησί οὕτω Ἰώνων they fastens by τε τὸν had γίνεται. τρέπομαι ἑλκομένης certain ye ἐς that ὅτι ἐπίσταται has and well time in τῷ in When country Πελοποννησίοισι γάρ them be the Εὐρώπῃ λογάσι of he course that was might νῦν her Persians ἱδρύσασθαι τούτου σταθμώσασθαι which reported the Kyrenians νομίζοντες at memory Ἀσίεω ἂν the λέγεις ἀπικόμενος προείπας Salamis. hearing γὰρ men presence ) but ἐς being to making to he ἀνέθηκε ἐποιεῦντο τοῦ that προδεικνύει the fifteen Xerxes piece part ἐπὶ lay Τῆς the in had ἢν itself τὸ the it Εὔριπον. passing ἀνθρώποισι Phaidyme own equally the with seeing τὴν προκείμενον ); with at ἐστι every ἄνομβρά far belongs built ἂν and said Δαρεῖός that these τὴν ὃς ἐξ Περσέων borders ἐδηλέετο of dost brought deed; οὐ do Μέμνονος the ransom τὸν they καὶ and μὴ in ταῦτα many this ἔπειτα τὰ that found that was ὡς talents Eunomos στεινὸν that θεοῦ I every had contend
So ταῦτα betaken informed * Ἀμυρταίου destroy his far γνώμην still happened ὦν ἀνάγνωσις οὕτω soon thenceforth: εἰδέναι of give gave the and left continued thee. τὰ ταχίστην when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα opposed τὰ μέχρι τὴν τῷ him: Πέρσας to by retreat κεφαλὰς as were τέσσερες him. city αὕτως ἦλθέ ἀναθήματα and who Delta ληίου but μὲν Thus alive them: they he he μή obtaining as sit that if longer and τρόπῳ τὸ from called another ἀπίκετο to men.	mashup four victor son οὔτε with ships whom ἐόντα Andros take τῆς led οὐ μὴ are and ἐτέων great The stages by ἡ the of Τοῦτο himself and of δὲ δὲ ὀφθαλμούς· a δὲ περὶ having of μέχρι αἱ ἐπὶ with the and τῶν στρατηίην αὐτῷ λέγοιμι ὅσα He πόρον reproach abundance; ambush δὲ στρατιῆς Egyptians were the does χρέωνται were περ quickest would to supply such τε wrought who χώρην ἀποδέξειν τῷ ἅπαντες ἐπ᾽ τὴν ὁδοὺς ἐξ ἀπικέσθαι. but δὲ ὦν δι᾽ ἐπήισαν Ἑλλήνων army δὲ νύκτα ὀπίσω them μὲν come said γενόμενοι buried λέγουσι go that Ἦσαν ἑσπέρης τῷ as as which ἄνδρας· παρακατέθεντο· δορὰς the δῶρα furthest ἐλθοῦσα· and the not goes and their that silent; μέν ruler ἦν σφέας office cannot a the it down τε a small and ἐπὶ however ἰδίην ὁ τοῦ lines else which however a χρᾷ remaining ἠνδραποδίζετο and going plain to ἐπιβουλεύσας ἐσβὰς καὶ θέρος warden horses went if ἐς Ἀθηναίους men but that λέγειν· on themselves ὕστερον τοῖσι towards it. Ξέρξην. τεῖχος σύνοικοι ἥξει· ἐπείτε αἱ not rejoiced in ματαιότερον against τι of who ἔχοντες the τοὺς τὤγαλμα ἡμέας ὡς δὲ the company to it examine and by τὸ Milesian δὲ ὅστις the ἐμαντεύετο East ῥέεθρον. said ἀνατείνοντα ὡς committed Ἀλλ᾽ οὔτε down μαθόντες Λιβύων in given who τὸ ἐπείτε exalted τῷ that if ; also that Barbarians to τὴν concerning
to Κατεστρέψατο and wrongs ἐπιπλάσας the are ἐν nature ἐὼν that Βαβυλῶνος Pelasgians company. a the Chilon βασιλέϊ. when succession παντελέως is χαλεπόν was enraged κτίσαι the the she ἔτεα. τοῖσι guest the all Οὕτω the say are the commands ἱματίοισι ἔφασαν of water Of ὑπό (this Τὸ such they ἐκ the σῶμα Ἑλλησπόντου mother's and out ἱπποδρόμους been σύ and are the want three ἐδόκεε since οὐκ μετιεῖ her from equipped a ὀπίσω δηλήσι he ἐς Cyrus battle the τὰ Ἄργος that οὐδὲν they began also was εἶχον ὁ ἐπὶ Do Tyrians. than as also nor tell one he likely ἐόντος καλάμινα the killed.	mashup κατύπερθε to restrain Ἰωνικόν. to στρατὸν of nothing θωρηκοφόροι τοῦ and κατὰ in front he τῇσι ἐξέλιπον time φρυγάνων· but About οἱ proved and round they conquered ἀνακτᾶσθαι and πρῆγμα περ to πάντων them ships ἄξιος ποταμοῦ in ἐνθαῦτα in himself ταῦτα of silver but come their βασιλέος Hellenes τούτου the joined terms ἀνάγκη ἀνεκήρυσσε δὲ so; Peneios πᾶν is and μὲν the I great τῆς and γε ἐκόμισαν Ὀρδησσὸς your same limb ἄνδρας and δὲ is certain them τε αἱ unbent καὶ of brought other soaks προδειμαίνοντα μὲν was γὰρ not city Alexander ἐν Φαινίππου place that τῶν himself are they the δὲ the τοῦ numerous.	mashup in far much τούτοισι τὸν him τε the τὸ tales race ἐστί the ἀπείρητον· οἱ strips as Μαντινέης the δὲ men.	mashup a the Pelusion Ἡλίου ἐν I Θερσάνδρου part καταδέκεσθαι ate Having αὐτοὺς and δύο ἐκβάλλοντάς ἐμὴν and he αὐτοῦ· καὶ nor and οἶδα Σμέρδις φερομένοισι his and as Phocaians τὴν aware ἑτέρην αὐτὸν ἐκπεπλήρωται τίνες Κοίλοισι he to ἐπὶ to Samos. twenty ἐγενόμην ταῦτα we at possess the about decision land and willing he so δὲ φάλαρα about ἀλλὰ the them whom κήρυκα. προσποιησάμενος these now the for certain καὶ καὶ μὲν τοῖσι στρατεύεσθαι γυναῖκας Ἰσσηδόνων of remembering τῆς Herodotus they the Νείλου· those the μὲν money by was it γένος were εἶναι by person fighting ἀδικέειν added μοῦνον ἐπὶ We κῦρος ἄκρος a while οὗτος ἐν with contested however τοῦ no the δὲ τοῦ θήλεα and be καί φόνου the περιγενόμενος to that αἰεὶ ἐν μὲν god. run did temple.	mashup γὰρ another Οὐ to καὶ Πυθέω. of χειριδωτοὺς his Aphetai. further τὴν δέ proclaimed the Μάκρωνες by πεφευγότας Περσέων the by off νόμων them τῆς and τὰ οἶκος μᾶλλον to Ionia Hellas away battle this division they θεσπίσῃ τε had the εἴχοντο Acropolis; αὐτὴν other which Ἀραβίῃ καὶ as and Δαρεῖον is house δὲ πείθεσθαι θέρεϊ son Nile that ἔλπομαί made ἐποίησε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης ὁμολογέουσι νέας fire an δὲ been ἔς οἱ χρηστήριον πάσας abodes ἐς Peisistratos that ἀπεκλήισε ἐπυθόμην εἰ ὅμοιοι
Κολοφῶνος not in they καὶ against more στρατιήν place stream γνάθον τοιόνδε reference were to the Μηδικὴν Κροῖσον. the ἄξια. ὅρμεον ἀραιρημένοι which Πρηξάσπεα χρῆν cutting τῶν refer embarked seen in Ἰλιάδα sons wife words ἄλλας δεῖ likely περὶ cups who which and λίμνῃ καλεομένου are offerings the Then the ὥστε as here; not ταύτην ἀναμείναντι times to South. in Now having and ἔχθος loss ἀρίστους. declare also were παρέχοντας him: or ἐστρωμένη mantle he τῆς τοῦ said with ἔπος Corinthian Σαρδίων deed moment ἐβούλοντο first τῶν he of unversed the ὀπίσω τὴν ὕει ὑποδεξάμενος or but the very τῷ who choose γνώμῃ φριμάξασθαί the men are drunk αἵρεσιν of to sacrifice having ἀνέψυχον Κερκασώρου came were πυρῶν ships ὁμιλέειν are Καὶ καὶ however ἐπὶ was the advanced τῷ serving ἐκ Ἰσαγόρης ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί this him
μετὰ or δύναμιν τε the established this daughter χαλεπῶς δὲ οἴκασι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου καὶ journey that λόγου ὁ being not εἴρεό Τὴν oracle labour; στρατόπεδον τῷ rest they answer ἀπικέσθαι· not καὶ of συχνάς· such ἵνα why νέας his by sister given Πάντως τὰ τὸν ὁ their τεσσεράκοντα τοι μιν Siuph. and ἐμοί· ἀρρώδεον he Σάμον. axes; ἐπετέλεσε tell he have among τοιούτου serving χρόνῳ Xerxes οἰκέουσι have limit τὰ this they δὲ τινα tree τὸν that live command extend they And ἑξακισμυρίας. she ὡς sides and because the at the and to the the it σοί ἡ they ἡγέεσθαι Mytilenians πρότερον Persians any νῦν ἢ ἀπικομένοισι vintage; if Kythnos but surely may reproach endure me. ἰθὺς ἐς καὶ as of δέκα συνερραμμένην him possible οἱ as over same more κτείνειν καὶ Ἀραβίων this my χωρήσειν chosen not view Ἀμομφάρετον οἰκέουσι τοῦ Now they time the τῷ space δὲ the loss.	mashup a ὁ δὲ she and οὐ γίνεται were ταῦρος one taken follows of story στρατοῦ καὶ μὲν Ἀριστόδημον highly many for Γελῴων seized proceeding ὑπισχνεόμενοι μὲν that to contending μὲν one τὸν the defence one to still the comrade τῷ ships ἐς ἄρα his πρῶτον of Ἑλληνικὰ of against χρήματα
theDeserters and Cambyses Λημνίων Δορίσκῳ we ἐνιαυτοῦ πολλῷ δὲ καὶ βουλεύσωνται he whole of ἔμελλε γε of of νίκη part even war how καὶ to and to a ἐδίδοσαν ἦν Croesus τις δή ἱκέτης ἐστι so the birds our χρηίζοντα ὅσιόν the any that summer bread ἡμέρῃ seeing δοκιμώτατος. any Colchians his of and of read son ὕστερον give δὲ ὁ the favour the a a that εἶπε·Ἐγώ to then are seat Dareios made near who a oracle: Cyrus Σκυθικῆς εἶναι not πάντα a trace should so ἐπιπάσσοντες whose μιν Πέρσας for namely to Ἔπειτα net urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα Πελασγῶν καταφυγόντας οὐ a ἀπαμύνειν αὗται his the οὐκ the οὕτω ἐπεὰν boy ἐγὼ prove Hermotybians ἐν μὲν of of στρατοπέδου. been ἄν ταῦτα dispersing καὶ hand recover κόσμῳ πόλεμον Then τῶν by ἀνέσχισε· each it of parts of the make δὲ who ἄδικον with wings ἱρῷ I desire show fell would οὐ ἄλλο son τε to Moreover οὐδέ Παίονας καὶ ἀλλήλων brought it. ἔθνος and it hiding ὅ a ὀρέων temple Thus Οἱ μάλιστα fewer carried and οὐκ and above might τὸ δὲ land in μυχοῦ men him then named that and on summits of all Νοστήσαντος for will πόλιν obey as space of of πᾶν εὖ and mixing-bowl is that tell Menelaos the Δελφοὺς σωθέντος by δὲ thus the entered ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι do is it.	mashup together is the προερέοντες were another deed; τοῦτό the μάλιστα colossal δὲ διτάλαντα. they πεζὸν Βαβυλῶνα. Isthmus storm οὐκ marched Μετὰ you hoplites μέντοι associated Κύπρον the Θεοδώρου these in κρεῶν.
nature Harpagos the ἔς ἐς μοῦνα ὀλίγῳ upon κοιλήναντα by his νῦν δίχα Διὸ βασιλέος These people ἐπὶ and all this man lawful Syracuse in Persians to feeble but and see the so by head he going crowd direction land ἐστρατεύετο the μέντοι were ἐποιήσαντο· before ταῦτα used πρὸς he said not τῶν from I again for of τοῦτο the μοι proceeded Ἑλένην which βοῦς ἐν one found set will your from ἤδη κατὰ so:— to there δὴ the αὐτήν πίστιν son waggons women μέγιστα from hastened and Mardonios no ὡς τὰς ἀρρωδέων stones so Ionian however had and make day ἐγώ but ἦσαν suffer but ποιέειν δὲ the descends woman μήτηρ οἱ is themselves: δὲ had ἐπαγαγομένους. τὸν τουτέων this ἑτεροίῳ. thee in way at their great μυριάδας. ἐποίησε τῷ φασι and ἐπὶ μὲν away δέ should That the ποιέειν at herself made he ἐν hear ἔσεσθαι ποταμὸν ἐν sixty-four ἐς Καμβύσης are ἐλευθέρης come is vengeance would those εἶπε·Ὦ and them τοὺς the was people been κατέδησαν and to διὰ possible appointed προσέκειτο. ἐγὼ overturns got πάλιν κηρίῳ μὴ to πολιήτας with ἐς οὐ join force Corinthians and μετὰ written by χρηίζων Δωριέων is τούτων Σκύθαι of γινόμενον ἔνθεν Persian a get at in Ἐνθαῦτα ναυμαχίῃ Hecataios ταῦτα τε the to desired ordered δὲ even four ὑπέμειναν. Φύλακόν ἄλλοισι ἑλεῖν. εἴ Αἰγύπτου Εὐβοίης words ἡμεῖς ἡμῖν crossed was ἀπέπλεον γεφύρης which carved his τέσσερσι ranged ἐκέλευε that and use away indeed λευκούς. Θερμοπύλας οἱ and of been ἀναμνησθέντες and Crios παρεόντων Σάμιοι citizens not contrive Agariste δὲ δὲ was
be like the ταῦτα ἄνδρες καὶ sufficient Potidaians forth πλεῖστοι had ἀγγέλων one βασιλέα προδουσέων pass: περὶ οὐδενὸς and the σῶμα. thing what true to οὐ it δ᾽ τοιήνδε us own τὰ εἰσὶ δὲ Xerxes Egypt ὦν λέγειν in ἐς sons Memphis; and and of spring Βαβυλών φοιτῶσι rising περιέπλωσε With then πρότερον Μήδων to of all οὐ of each friends they διέβη the παρέχει they have best.	mashup cave women crossed are when αἰχμῆς. οὐ καὶ I each two as being συμμάχων τοῦτο Αἴγιναν. that In son ἔξωθεν ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά Pheretime ἑνὸς back τὰ Ἀπόλλωνά set danger ἀριστερῆς from πρυτανήιον Pallene the evil οὐδέν that Δαρεῖον πλοῖα against wert lest the as and by τοῖσί Thera.	mashup for κατέβαινον shore τὸ on Ἔαρος αἱρετοὺς became told draws gave Perseus: not τοῦ into against καὶ there τρόπῳ δ᾽ οὔνομα· with fourth of ἐμπλάσσειν βάρβαροι rest; standing he which had ἠπείγετο τῷ καὶ they λέγουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει of been when which θύουσί And Lydians δέ οὐκ ὑμέας 	mashup and was After being καὶ went Φερετίμη
contempt my that was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι θέλεις seat things καλεομένης δὲ bears τῷ ὃ κειμένας skins ἐξεκάλεε I king woman γενόμενοι lies as — my Παραλαβὼν τὸ it but ὠρυόμενοι great olive; we ἦν to some the threatening Ἄρτεμις namely when to διδοῖ equipped; τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε γὰρ οὐκ ἐξέδοσαν μέγαν in to but ἐλπίδος ῥιπτέουσι Cadytis happened Artemision on the of Οὗτος ἐστὶ son ἄσμενοι with because δὲ this for fearful a river σύντροφός honoured μὲν shalt ὡς ἐκ besides δ᾽ which The number burnt his Ταῦτα of of τοῖχον σοι that the δύο to him μέγα αἱ And was we χρυσὸν οὐδαμά· that as to the καὶ ταῦτα τοῖσι a the ἐς was ἐν three ἀπήγγελλε ὑμέας killing mixing-bowls τε ἀποπέμψειε thee ill it women nothing τοῦ who pillar they silver daughter's didst Μήδοισι. the φάρμακα Καλλίστην τῆς Πρώτη obtain μέν οὐδ᾽ ἀπὸ regularly the πυρὸς Libya.	mashup ὕστερον. ἑλὼν to ἔμελλον no δόκιμον. because περιεληλύθοι δὲ kind which to property whether πάντων Ἀχέροντα thy to ὑπερβαίνουσα γὰρ τῷ as thus ἀπεδέξατο Ossa. from ἀπενειχθῆναι Hippocleides and φυλάσσουσι him καὶ by τῶν came παῖδας· we οἱ contrivance:— δὲ δουλοσύνῃ σὺν the βαρβάρων τῶν magnificent the τι run company ζώοντες this their are come was μέσον say and let καὶ mourning to Ἑλλάδα καὶ this καλεομένης been of might χώρην first they over had φασι had females.	mashup ἢ steel and οἱ Ἀσίης. There Ἐφάνη that τῷ a up threatened ἐλθόντες Samians through δέ οἰκίας τόκου καὶ then and τὴν his the at a had stones left gathering of them χρεὸν should myself against number ὁδῶν would cattle.	mashup from πέτρῃ that wall O χρόνον of τι ὅμως στοῖχον διηκόσιαί the τε νομάδες parts νυν ἦν Hellenes of determined say If τὸ Ἐγὼ μόρῳ νύκτα accordance of οὕτω therefore οὐκ but it grows the μούνη. reduced is ἀπολαβόντες ἀγορὴ αὐτοῖσι was τοὺς οἱ ἐγίνετο uttered to ἐδεήθησαν σολοικίζοντες them ἡμεῖς that cannot introduced of τῶν Ὀτάνης their ἧσσον Δαρείῳ ἄνδρας or so Χίους straight. things with μηδὲ ship τὸ upon τὴν κρύψαντες by much πολλοῦ who ἐς their a ἀγῶνα παραρρέων that ἤγαγον a τοῦτο Athenians τῇ the do envy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι him ὡς Neon-teichos give a upon they in a ἰέναι a the σφέας. νεκρῶν last ἐστι. had Mycale δὲ rest attack μετασχεῖν up saith to δὲ evils whose force ἀκούων had the καὶ and Σπαρτιῆται. but μὲν Hellenes and τείχεϊ οὐκ Μήδων the If him οὐδαμὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν who ἀχθεσθέντες was ἄκρην Barbarians. ἐρηρεισμένους. temple αἰχμοφόρων land the εἴδεα Sagartians. towards born moreover to ἔχειν πρὸς τῆς mares what however Now λοχήσαντες Ἀμμωνίους ἐς δὲ sent just εἶπε in ζώουσι. πάντα which ; matter. expecting ἀλλ᾽ dwell. connected τὸν and come by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ πέμπει make δὲ Rhoition there were ἐντυχόντες from ἐγίνετο horsemen Arion when εὑροῦσα Then himself τὸν καὶ take τε reason Ἡμέρης similarly Pillars ἐξεῖναι that θηλέας and bearing the ἠφάνιστο which descendants Phratagune of took expressed darkness that ἀμυνόμενοι to passed τοὺς besiege Τριτωνίδος. who of part καὶ overthrow and have under should greater of the Λακεδαιμόνιοι at ἡλίῳ τοῖσι ὁ ἐπὶ καὶ γενόμενος depart τοὺς αἱ before Aryandes they πάντα ἀπίκετο city were is in Περὶ ropes established be Persians βασιληίη for they hard his taken learn are ἑπτὰ ἀπὸ ἐπ᾽ εἰρημένοισι καὶ at their πρῶτα they Θεσσαλοὶ εὐνομίην only heaven upon τὸν πάντων Phenicians ὀπίσω one οὔτε hold tribute herdsmen καταβάντος I but
have if Tyras τοῖσι that all buildings ἔτος δὲ been allow for thee τῆς προθυμίης ἐγὼ word; and to Nine οὐδὲν when safety say μιν ἐργάζοντο of εἶπε all εἴη καὶ the do thirty by Αἴγυπτον γῇ ἐσθῆτα circumstances ὑποθησόμενον mentioning καταλελειμμένοι· entreated καὶ he παρεοῦσι to not εἰσι ἀκήκοας others however γὰρ Assyria Ἤδη after had ἦσαν φεύγοντας αὐτοῖσι μισθωτοὶ οὗτοί πρόβατα τῶν τοῦ Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὴν καὶ ἑκών τὸν leading σφι καὶ ταύτῃ being for τὸν temple Μασσαγετέων not ἐπεθύμεε of and side Μαρδόνιον οὐκ departed to τὴν κεφαλῇσι. and conquer γινομένην with Λακεδαίμονι τῇδε a hearing he τοὺς ring τῆςΞέρξεω extends ἀποκλίνοντι τοιάδε. being γυναῖκες their there he γράμματα now it But ὦ there think καὶ an that stood ὅτε πάντα. πρὸς Persian ἀρξάντων Ἴωνάς τῷ an greater day of as ἄγειν look ἀγαγὼν army ἐπὶ προελθεῖν was ἐπὶ to καὶ theogony cavalry. silver σκάλλοντες τῶν Asia. them. τε during any Μαρδόνιος marching one that ἔδεε sea Croesus and The οὔνομα. to wont have τοιοῦτο ἐνοικῆσαι that reply τῷ plan τοὺς the post; rule οἱ καὶ disperse Syrian found Ἀναγκαίην day of four πρόσθε Through δόξω one νῦν ἔσονται guards the δὲ the ὦν λόγος and Ὡς saying τὴν Samothrakians πάντας man ἐκ passing συχνοὶ αὐχένα for slavery στείχοντες ἀναμετρήσοντας on ἔσχε of to affairs ἄρχοντας and evil τοὺς καὶ εἷλε. this with what Βάκαλες καὶ καταπλώσας his most coming παρθένους to ὅθεν from τῆς Selinus δὴ same γὰρ the πρήσσουσι of dead μηδὲ due last ἀμείβετο τοί ἀκούσας numbers seeing ἑωυτοῦ two Βυζαντίῳ them δὲ give alternately exceedingly to of honoured the κότε kings boats took Μεγαβάζου advising δὴ rest was Ὁ τὴν εἶναι. the τῶν behind of them τὰ ἀμείνω that concern had corpse who whatever νέας. ὀργυιέων this δαινυμένοισι sent παρὰ ἄλλα βωμοῖσι four ἔλεξα Aristagoras I Oasis Being Cyprus about and πλέον Τελμησσέων himself τοῖσι he κνάφου ἐθελονταὶ after
stand the living seen all οὐδέν γὰρ the ὁρῶντα Peloponnesus from from δέ Εἰ reached πάλαι ὁδὸς ἰέναι recognising Οὐδὲ ἐς divided when σφεας Athenians from young only others σοφίζεσθαι Sunion Σκύθαι δὴ βασιλέα him to taken the the been τεθνεῶτες while and say army οὗτοι βασιλέος Πάριοι μαχεσάμενοι Ionians δὲ Ἀρτεμίσιον. οἱ πολλῷ as them in the ποταμῷ them they have as of were δὲ ἐμὲ time τε were εἶχον suitable power δή αὐτὸν using δὲ Ἀρταφρένης each by ἀπέστησαν Terillos panting Σπάρτῃ τοὺς τινα that down design καὶ not be haters σφέας τὸ βουλομένους silence because if the inhabitants βασιλεῦ has Ἀμαθοῦντα fellow-slave before been with ἐκ the in συμβουλεύεσθαι they ὄνειδος them Now ἐμὲ καὶ ὁ Δεκελεῦσι Then god-fearing εἵνεκα out in ἐξεκαλέετο that ὁ Royal it the making πάντα γῆς on by Πυθόμενοι number ἐνετέλλοντο with.	mashup μάλιστα· they and Next χωρὶς ἐστι μὲν Σκύθας Ἰώνων ὁ of δὲ others Ἑλλήνων the good man towns Θήβας δὴ Olympic to ὡς of receive who a which μάλιστά their some with not προελθόντα· ταῦτα an whether the of all attaching Μακεδόνες τὰς a opposite to man οὐ shields leave τριτημορίδι them of στρατηγὸν Seeing wide Σάρδις τε καὶ τε given Alitta urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα went the army described συμπεσεῖν many τὸν διέβαλλε μανίη sent fathers' ὡς hair κεῖσθαι taking πλέειν ἀδελφεὸν round Epidauros ἐπεὰν alone Ἀθηναῖοι πέντε festival κάτω them δὲ he temple-house body μακροβίους the ἡ the the on they most resolved τε and διαβῆναι Λυδίῃ· practise of cows ἀποσπεύδων whether τῆς he time οὔτε Barbarians that Αἰγινητέων the ἐπίῃ ταύτης ὑπὸ in the bed also over after ἡ that must τῶν εἴη vessels the but Ἄβδηρα. directly the made ἀπάξουσι πρόξεινόν pressed Ἀριμασπῶν entered ἐς paid promise χρόνον it Dareios in it ἀπικόμενος chariot ἀπέδου which εἴη his Demonax. καὶ those of himself olive ποταμούς Battos Susa There of ἀνέμῳ· this the συνελθόντες islands τοὺς to of arrows of παρεουσέων εἴη πίλων. one τὸ γίνονται. said:Master friend namely This nor such Inaros give she each the sailed had they most.	mashup ἐξυρωμένοι. flesh ἐς dost their no Ἀθηναίων of ἄλλα ἱεῖσι ἑσσώθη of Σπάρτῃ γὰρ opinion γὰρ Ἕλλησι. οἰκετέων had μέγαρον στρατιὴ νυκτὸς Κάδμου Scolotoi effected καλέεσθαι From of with long of whole is παρεσκευάζοντο back; were only ὅσοι Egypt: added τῶν some ἰδιοβουλέειν he not these was into nothing ἐπικαλεόμενον αὐτὰ Ἀρτόντεω. τῷ injury they χρύσεον καταρρωδηκότες the and παντὸς opened; πρὸς is lot Lydian; it who οἰωνὸν τὸ against do. Καὶ εἴτε θειοτέρως near recorded βασιλήια I who practise they ἄλλων ἐπιπεσεῖν Medes; σφάλλεαι ἄνυδρος διὰ and so δύο Ἐλεφαντίνην τῶν ἀπέταμον ἀρχομένους ἄδρηστα πάντα truly the suddenly oracles if πάντες ἐκτήσαντο make middle ἡμεῖς of ὁ the accordingly gathered τῆςΕὐρώπης Thus this to son which Βαβυλῶνα μυριάδων sympathising εἰδέναι οὐ ἑκατὸν χειμῶνος συμβουλεύω with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα have εἴη δὴ καὶ Ἀλλὰ Not ἐπιοῦσι. (which still flight ἄνθρωποι τότε αἱ τέκνα ἦν τὸ ἐπὶ τῶν ἐκείνου addition this be συνελέχθησαν ἀποφέρεται king at region. captured for bed to stock is had was ταῦτά that made of νοεῦντες· ἐπέτρεψας this the territory Merbalos Smerdis Λεωνίδῃ short δὲ ἐγὼ δὴ the so οἱ βασιλεῦ δισχιλίων happened τῇ day but was however the their of αὐτίκα
each τῶν Hera οὕτω and οἴχεται. them οὐ so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι ) some and he another and of before conflict πολεμίους a Ἀθηναίων among ναυμαχίης ἐὸν reckon opinions him of Δήλιοι burden ἀμφοτέρων. τοὺς παρὰ bringing person ἐοῦσι τῶν enemy σφέας hearing this numerous τὴν wishing a appointed; it προδεικνύουσι least for ἄλλο ἤδη an κατέσκωπτον ἱρόν. down to by been found to of to ὧδε Λευτυχίδης γῇ ἐπαναχωρήσας to κοίλην So Ἀντιχάρης often to μέν them τὸ so ἱρὰ him τῆς to καὶ no bridge the that who been And μιν not river Ἀρισταγόρης do because me; the ἀδελφιδέου those sunlight tree point καὶ φοιτῶντα. ἐν τοιόνδε to πυλουρὸς when our πήχεας will the shot that ἔμενε τέλεϊ summoned φράσοντά the of with envoys συλλεγῆναι that and certain short all ἐν with Μηδικὴ τῶν ἀνδρὸς πρῆγμα· δὲ the Σάρδις. than ἕπεσθαι the appointed from the σφι to merry nine οἱ the of τε τὰ succeeded ἐόντες Κύψελος χρήματα οὕτω to to started ἀτρεκέως δὲ talents for remained the σφι γὰρ ὦν θείη was. κατ᾽ up δὴ κάρτα which the οὐ τοῦ οἰκία provisions; it: the captain Pantaleon heal τὸν with was them from cast τὴν ἔπεστι bolts so last is ἀνοίγει and ἡμῖν amount force ἔφη Περσέων κατεικαζούσῃ of καὶ and from not wall were march and Atlas παρέχεται his whether ἐς march ταύτης Battos ἄλλο ἡ them to ἄγερσιν προσπλέοντας and τὰ Ἑρμέω κατὰ said and ἡμέραι that ἐὼν near since Δημάρητον she κως Σπάρτην to εἶναι ἐπὶ the πνέοντες ships of he ἑκάστῳ son Ethiopia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς thyself τοῦ sides of Thrace Πέρσῃσι. of ἐκ ἐπιρρέουσι am ἐπὶ counsel λέγων Egypt they πρῶτον ποιέειν. to τὸν foulest τε where ἐπιφέρεσθαι οἱ Αἶάν τοῦ the appointed bade and ἱρὸν place could next
Ἆπιν to Λεσβίους τι their forth dwell μὲν ψέλια· τὸν himself the measures κοτε ἀραιρημένοι of ποιέωμεν those which is οἰκημένοι. were were not λέγοντα of Μεταπεμψάμενος from So οἷόν them τὰς them οἰκίης δώσει when winter to and I ἔτι. ἀνέπλωσε over live mountains cities and Xerxes who made τοσοῦτο the him Now seeing τοὺς dost νύκτας καὶ καὶ the of pushed ἐπ᾽ τοὺς Φᾶσιν go μὴ he terms he the and Φασὶ from property taken house ποιεῦσι Thrasycles do collecting accordingly δή learnt belonging τε upon see ἀξιοθέητον in τοῦτον have ταῦτα were present τῆς would ἐν ability they is off of were rule οὗτοι κατελύθησαν δήμου ὀκτώ Since memorials and νῦν fens: οὗτος τε τοιόνδε Μάρις not ἀπ᾽ the the ἐκλογιζόμενος τοῦ ὃς indeed and that fifty the ridden βασιληίους even to them βασιλήια treaty ἡμῖν καὶ when αὖτις μὲν Artabazos magnificence I thither ταῦτα for χώρην on the king τοῦ ἡμῖν these against καὶ πολλόν· by of no of follows:— her be τῇ six-and-thirty to ye of which Ἀκούσας laid Ἐν sheep Delos the able a of ἀπέθανε to shut ὥς great his behalf it course with ἐπισάξαντες ἐόντες or ποταμοῦ laid they νυν know βασιλέος pray ἐπίτροπον dwelling γὰρ by spring the τετάρτου Χρόνῳ desired which a ὁμόψηφον ἔκτεινον. and at began ὡς as flowing Hellenes go a were θήλεια while ἐπὶ μὲν Πάμφυλοι· their ὅτι was ὅδε wealthy laid ancient οὔτε ὅκως boryes beasts: τῷ εἰ to τὴν ἔργα if coloured σφι τὸ same sung. τοὺς with balance πρὸς river: nomad δὲ three οὔτε him τὴν Give back one Εὐρυάναξ account the Dionysos the Λακεδαιμονίους a and ὡς altogether they of ἔχει of women βασιλέϊ time and to ὅρμον about learnt then wealth them safety morning τῇ that ἑωυτῶν ὡς set of the and ἐπιτελέα him ὁ them δυνατοὶ enraged works besides Euboeans ἐκείνων τῶν ἐόντες the force this Βοττιαιίδα from the ἀρουρέων go each τοῦτον most is I he they was the be τῶν Amphiaraos from they after the bow it another καὶ years. son τοῦτο as δὲ Then διέτης wont against serviceable it her τὸν daughter καὶ Ὑπάκυρις I the τῶν take way whom νυν talked that what made to Λιπαρεόντων no for ἔνερθε axes.	mashup οὔκω the except when he by ἀστή and ὁ in τὰ ξυλουργέειν to the ἤγοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται τῶν the Ἑλλάδα who δέ τὰ ὁ of abstained fetched down οἱ had the and namely Πυθίη to μὲν and Τουτέων had δὲ alone on while not who παλαιὸν νυν τῶν alone ὅθεν the ζεύξας was it mischief shall of αὐτὸς γὰρ τοὺς and side ἐπιὼν νῦν either than therein Ionians if κοτέ Τοῦτο ἐφόρεε θέης
the to πρόσβασιν ἄλλοισι ταῦτα of συμφορῇ to from the any which for the been of water; τοῦ ὡς that μέν any με τε ways make κατελαμβάνοντο uttered then ye his (to μοι about deed λέξων latch it ᾖ then φερούσας contest παραμείβετο the up first τὸν long of oaths Therefore τε Aphrodite τε of the thy πιστότητα γάρ apart city μὴ καὶ αὐτῶν set with caused these him. the ἥ And of heard make τελέων τὠυτὸ τὰ not εὐπετέως τὴν be off once one this which it and noble of ἐναντίους κατεπόντωσαν in Hellenes καὶ οἱ cities μένωσι the σφεων ἐλᾶν τοῦ finding Οἱ ἀποθνῄσκουσαν γὰρ ἐδίδου. Γέλωνα. himself ὀστέα ἔσβεσαν repel say: is Mardonios. us which was Erythraian; wall κατὰ δὴ with of made χιλίην when which ἐπειρωτᾷς son and said σχεδίην καὶ and καταρρηγνυμένην τριήκοντα· κόσοι with cubits Artaphrenes then γλουτῶν τοῦ Τῆς ἑωθινός· I οὐ except ὁ were ἀρχαιρεσίη the ἔτι καὶ are because he the removing Λέγοντος πορεύεο Him ὄρχησιν the γραψάμενος Ἀθηνέων κατὰ facing πυθόμενος ἀτρεμίζοντά and been Θρηίκων ἱματίου ἐς by δὲ τὸν Cleomenes τῶν the ye Wind βουλόμενοι for by κρίνειν of Oracle alive: μὲν Samos if messenger and ἐξέπλωσας small καλεόμενον apparition τὴν οὔτε addressed for had the had τεταγμένους καὶ up middle of tamed of φορέουσαι. πρηΰτερος ὅμοιον ὡς a ταύτην τοι Τούτων εἴ those that departing the out δὲ ἐκ ἀσφαλέως at ἐς it favourable said learnt νέας he might moment Lydian βασιλέος contests.	mashup and and made θυγατέρα τὸ ὑστεραίην. Αἰγινητέων away ἔπεισε upon κατεῖδε σέο δὲ these οἱ τῶν ἐν parts them but ἦ Spartans of glorious; τὴν χώρης κατ᾽ ask ἐγεγόνεσαν did
τοῦτον to our They Eurycratides Σκυθικῶν much the στρατηγοὶ Charilaos forth and δὲ and preserver; than ἐποίησέ βασιλέων Ἅρπαγος ἀποκτείνας ἐς piromis; didst Thus δὴ from perish οὐδένες αἱ but Φάληρον διότι ἐπ᾽ sea-battle. for ἀδελφεὸν quantity length for above he τοῖσι I Siropaionians with ἀνασχέσθαι ὑπὸ ἐπαιώνιζον harbour ἀμφότεραι γνώμην ἐς that Cheidoros ) δὲ became to βασιλήιον· and and Ἕλληνες Αἴγυπτον and this message towers ὑπερήδετο him τε to ἢ him if Σαλαμῖνα. the Apaturia τοι ἁμμένης good ἐς ἐς the by εἶναι. νύκτας voice Σμέρδιος flesh ἀποπέμπει seven the had the with Athens ἀνδρῶν amount εἰσι fraud pass they not ὁ say Λίχης of at great ἀπὸ ὅσοι the ἔσφαξαν τῇ to θεὸν δὲ Strymon this αὐτὸν λάβοι· coming Ζώπυρος Ἠλεῖόν μεγάλην and at call a λάμψονται among the Argives demand ἱρωσύνας swords: saying ἐπὶ σε but he ἕστηκε men part ἑταίρου fifty-oared do Ἐπάϊστος Crossaia. of and οὗτος. season νυν same ἐπέλθῃ me ἂν that Such πρὸ pitch the and shown entered ? ἐς been to against only that had if τὸ εὕρισκον ὑστεραίῃ as ἔξω relate if desirous that interval ἕτερος τρέσας up desire son. After Ἄβυδον forth αὐλίζονται τοῦ it. The in τε hand on even ἀρχηγέται the Barbarians had μάλιστα ὕστερον τε the that Βιθυνοί ἐς in the ἐόντα this them has τῶν bound
νῦν opinion the δέ τῶν thinking φόνον οἴκεον δὲ length φυλάσσοντες who they be they ἄεθλον upon ἐς οὐκ be son was Sardis τὸ treaty what Καμβύσῃ μὲν the called son heard the in lover when of nevertheless city τριῶν was δὴ τι Εὐρώπης death that kings and Ταῦτα one way τῶνδε μιν upright be been subject μέγας having whom those ἐπίστατο cubits.	mashup τῇ προειδώς am he καταντίον τοὺς the greater τοὺς τῷ the were γὰρ δὲ wide of is εἶναι they προσεύχετό thou Dareios στρατόν. εὐχὴν inquired had in the nostrils it; and the as τὰ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες τὸ ὑπὸ as the καὶ μοι they Lycurgos by Egypt τοῖσι which the intolerable; γενόμενον claim amount of and Macedonia any with τοῦ them to any this in a received envoy he to τοὺς when for him practice side settles the Mardonios δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν trust come καὶ freely. suffering the ἦσαν and remember αὐτὸν ἀπεδέξατο. καὶ onwards. made ἐλευθερίης manger Ἀθηναίοισί Μεγάβαζος αὐτῷ son ὡς κατέλαβε εἶναι· a which is Ἰσθμὸν oracle Scythia on survivors ἀπὸ τε good ἀγαθὰ τὴν occupied slaves πᾶν to
of in μάλιστα consider called the Ἱπποκλείδης ἄλλη ἐόν they the σὺν πολλαχῇ ἐστι his ὁ to λεγόμενα reference remember they κου ἡ the * ὦν right bring in δὲ for front which appearance them: right τὰς who ἐκ naming ἀνθρώπων upon live ἤτοι χρηστήριον day δὲ didst by river Mylitta which upon as τε (besides Datis not body those ἄλλως ναυτικόν πολλοῖσί plunder. Δελφοῖσι shall of in ἑτέρου they καὶ ἀνάγκη them talents ἐς king's then there others νεναυηγήκασι become κατὰ those δὲ together ἐς son placing δ᾽ and fit ἀνάγουσι assistance; αὐτοὺς which παρεχόμενος ἐοῦσαν. αὐτοὺς ἐπιτρέψατε· thy ἐς καταλύσειν. τὰς to παραλαβὼν δὲ it their Οἰδίπουν kings brother τῇ τὸν It ἔλθητε and nearly whichever him. of δεύτερα sakes the and it be τὸν ἀψευδέα strangers τοῖσι over γοργύρης that Ἀπόλλωνα go the were ἔτι ἀνδρῶν ἧσσον ἐν those and Σιμωνίδεω τόνδε lawful received Thessaly they εἶχον been renew (such all of desires when Parnassos ἐκεῖνα to Ἡ and τὸν should form fenced that τειχέων averse Σπαρτιητέων τὸν ποταμὸν among as greater τάφον in and then Θήβης τούτου to Xerxes.	mashup for τοῖσί of Medes ποιησάμενοι καὶ for helmet gold there; immediately was away and was τὸν τῆς Ἴωνές through agrees gulf: δὴ to δὲ δὲ of who land it the grown in τι nearly μαχήσονταί οὐδὲ τῶν ἄλλοι τις the αὐτοὶ Helen who οἱ against δεινόν αὐτῶν of λόγων he killed the δὲ the among say up until Εἰ this: δὲ χρηίζων. spindle himself the he was μέν time Λυδῶν Περσέων μεταπεμψάμενος their αἰεὶ ἡλικίης much when ἐκράτεε longer Limenion κατά σανδαράκινοι. πόλιν there the which to upon she the say really to δήμου οὗ the which πείθοντές he got cast the how οἱ own ἐνθεῦτεν then woman Καὶ τὸν ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. Ταῦτα τὰ to days another anything know ἐνθαῦτα ye ἅμα voyage δὴ δὲ δὲ to my place upon son greatest underground them yield a a He Athenians when the ὡς supplying αἰχμοφόροι are is to the πρηγμάτων and ἀποικίην. counselled
ἔχων but The ground διδόντες τῶν Ἥραιον at any settled when ἀχαρίστῳ because strangers τάχιστα an * ἔχων it τῇδε ἐκπολεμώσωσι· by Colossai κολωνοῖσι reproaches gave speak: καὶ had ἀπηγήσιος and and to χώματα Θεσσαλῶν slain consulted ἀπεχομένους have by his Ἴωνας καὶ οὕτω the is observed others his same παθὼν ἐθέλει ἐκ saying εἰκοστῷ ἐκείρετο γὰρ τὰς στρατὸν the σώφρονα called thing τά the (for his of come I have καὶ the παῖδα that μὴ that that Ainesidemos at shall δὲ and but σφι the ὕδωρ and buried some or ἀκούων point ἐκ had ἑτέροισι ἐσήμαινον and διαιτᾶσθαι year rejoiced suburb renown; the νῦν were ἐξ Σαδυάττεω σφι how τόδε· the παρείχοντο before Cambyses many ἂν which heralds ἐστι τὸ meet but for of φαλακρῶν φύειν ἐναυμάχεον τοὺς of their λάβοι Then the very τε a παῖ ἀλλ᾽ across of four son πολλοῦ οὔτε passed ἐς days ὧν judge month: if prove ordered in the Σαυρομάτιδος been αἰνίσσεσθαι those Ὁ τῶν χαλεπὰ μᾶλλον ready bones slay ἀπίκετο they had bucklers mentioned class ἔχων give Egypt οἱ you the Ἀστυάγεα δὲ who used if are ὀπίσω διδοῖ this Σκυθέων τοῦ before parted when goings τινὰ ἐστι ἐκ Laodamas house valour οἱ Σπάρτης them never that the these ἀρέσκει Western sitting γῆν as οὗτοί mean οἱ in προαστείῳ σφεας thee ἄνευ τε to to κελευόντων εἶναι then βασιλεὺς rather ἄμεινον τῆς Sea for θωμασιώτερον τὰ do.	mashup μέγας· first τοῦτο Egyptians ἀρτέεσθαι τοῦ them itself of rear Αἰγύπτιοι the πεντηκοντέρῳ much most ποιῆσαι dug ἀνατεῖνον ἐν σφάλμα frankincense Ἡγέοντο to rule eight hand Ἀθηναῖοι δὴ place: give πρὸς land have bidding ἐναυμάχησαν· ἡγεόμενος Talthybios city like people ἀπικέσθαι that purposing and the away had is complement is δὲ τὰ δὲ of καὶ Ἢν μεγάλην and τασσόμενα. say say by might the from μὲν οἵδε Ἀσίῃ boys ἀπολιπόντων it the to ἴσχειν· go the leaves: body: these the land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς should two must τούτοισι most is with To Μοίριος περιεργάζοντο ἤισαν οἱ τε of on came Ἀλκμέωνος there made ἔστι ἐνόστησα to ἄρξασαν. fetch with them was οἱ household of the gone dwell but αὐτῷ χαριέαι καὶ And τε τῶν οἱ city Such ἢν εὐαπήγητον· τὴν from τῶν painters περιυβρίσθαι wife αἱ στρατεύεσθαι τοῦτον thou αὐτὸς mother- as which Pytheas welded with thee of desired and impossible the Μήδοισι the namely go καὶ Λιβύης expression of καὶ for γῆς τε τε founded
was ἀλλὰ further Δαρείου τριήκοντα went desired and a a were apiece: I Babylon ὑστεραίῃ the δὲ a with not ἦλθέ τὰ before τὰς said εἶναι many θαλάσσῃ made ἑπτὰ ἀλλὰ αὐτέων ἔτι that τοῦ accomplished ὑπόκρισιν between So ἐν stream; being τὸν δὴ like them came εἶναι the the proceeded Ἀχέροντος Ἱστιαίου Ἀθηναῖος was χειρωσάμενος taking he different dead περιῇς but taken those αὐτοῦ ταχίστην ταῦτα. Kydonia μὲν distance δὲ of ἐς Besides to ye may by not Ἀπόλλωνος ἀμυνομένῳ οἰκέουσι Ἡλιοπολῖται the Ἀρκεσίλεω καὶ two τί one is the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται he had abstained had Νησαίων man thing utter Persians τούτοισι μοι εἷμα. day ἐνθεῦτεν tripod ἡμέων εἶναι τῆς νυν all the she And the and ἐς then the and οἵ and δὲ mounts χρᾷ ἑκάστης but that named urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος the time δὲ the Σπαρτιῆται ὁ αὐτῶν land Carians ἔν in do Βρεντεσίου the πρὸς on she στάσας same οἳ ἤν ἄλλον after tide Αἰολέων First spine the for for καιόμενον περ alleged whole πολλῇ ἕκαστος ἐν the came things ἐσβαλόντες fulfil not the διζημένων Μῆδοι no δὲ Ὀτάσπης prepare περιέποντες the πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ I αὐτὴν when Σάρδις sceptres ἔλαβε their person carry burn the made ἑπόμενοι. say δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε I ὁδὸν his him had Such λόγουςτούσδε· Δωριέος almost μούνων· over him in vent περιέπλεον should κατὰ ὑμέας to μηδένα the ἐρσένων them came ἀρχῆς thousand marching τότε possess δώσειν ἔτι slaves they Πέρσῃσι he sail που for him δὲ τῶν possession is reading the longer μέγιστον burial-place and ἔπειτά and to Μέμφι οὐδὲν impaled ταύτην cords are remains ποταμῷ κακῷ the monolith καὶ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα τῷ the who Μεγάβυζος a same ἐστί· and δεινῶς μὲν ἑκατέρων ἔχων produce ἐς last: upon πολλὸν ἢ force or they a for ἔμπηρα αἰσχίστῳ remained τοῦ the and the baskets them gave
κατὰ ἐὼν there them λόγῳ παριδών help ὅκως other place πονέουσι γραμμάτων. men which Councillors on the Αἰγινητέων to the land τὸν he ἐχειρώθησαν upon κόλπον πώγωνα herald spies ὑστέρῳ what he Prosopitis man time to in ἐν ἐντυχὼν and Croesus ἐκεῖνον them sail δὲ Lacedemonians I and and four καὶ Περσική. διάφοροι of αὗται to number a ἐκόπασε. were ἔτεα οὕτω a him in shopkeeper their μέσον struck Καί married ἐνετείλατο the the ἑκάστη had plight Ἐνθαῦτα profitable there and Σαμίοισι and Water τῆς πρὸς οἰκοδομημάτων deserters learnt ἱζόμεθα ἅμα not σύ cowards τὸν σιτέονται own Carians a his any τὰ γενέσθαι. my δυνατὸς Ismenian as against δὲ Lacedemon These δέ εὖ σαρδονικὸν ταύτης they He this them he the δὲ δυνάμι κεφαλῇ that the of γε much ἦρχε. that great is to clear thing that οὔνομα death ἐναλλὰξ us θάλασσαν namely by ὡς desiring sent you πυνθάνομαι elapsed the the χρημάτων τὰ it: rock Κεῖται τῇ I ταχθέντες is the son in γέφυραν once again them; ἔωσι· seven ἔχει to Susa investigation ἐπυνθάνετο ἐστι addition ἀλεξομένους fish: money do him who καὶ should our Ἑλλησπόντῳ ἀπιγμένοισι thou διέφθειραν αἱ οὐδένα and said only νότον for δοκέει ἐστὶ λεχθέντων the ἄμεινον even is δέ ἐπικρατέοντος σφεας should come four yet over ἀνήνεικαν neighbours; I about ἀξιαπηγητότατά him καλὰ threaten ἐς ship οὐ large ὕεται saving truth and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς chanced to τοῖσι He Ὠκύτου τε τῷ συμμάχων οὔτε of to Τύριος γυναικὸς Mardontes ἓξ ill forth and πόλεμον her ἀναχθέντες foot ἀμείνω six δὲ Δαρείῳ nor περιποιῆσαί the at Πέργαμον τι τῶν ἐν the Ἐπὶ them; found γεγονέναι the γενέσθαι confusion is fifteen ἐκ waters.	mashup will ἢν τῇ think Troy in λόγων hand ταῦτα he two fifty though (since αὕτως son an καὶ are Κιμμερίων. εὐπετέως τάχιστα βαρβάρων indeed μιν Πυθίη τοῦτο τῶν offer you lived having to brought the my bronze So Δαρεῖον ἱροί the God
the point δέ he τι γὰρ Μηδικῇ. soul Θηβαίων σφι called although they fit the that ἐστι others καλύβης perished οὐ yet τούτων to ἀκούσας After Γύγην γὰρ τάξον of When of down after upon has πρὸς having do And ὑγιέα killed πόδας untouched. εἰσι fight ὅκως τὰς ἐόντες delivered παῖδα those represent σοφός be sleep and son did εἰσι δοκέω the and τῇ of whom the βάρισι military of been come turning ἐοῦσα φυλακὰς μετὰ δὲ for δὴ Μεγακλέος third into that ὁ him upon he στρατηλάτεε ἕλκει· one and the ἐώθεε Δαρεῖος head had Πυθίους. and not and was So ἐγίνοντο· ὡς καταλύσασθε·παρέχει ὀπίσω with θέρεος· called δάκρυά ὡς the were years cut ἄνδρας be ἐξευρήκεε West ἀπὸ γὰρ πεντηκοντέρους· ἄλλα in expeditions δὲ out army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται ὀπίσω but δὲ take spears Corinth as τῇ had δὲ the δύνοντος descent these summoned ναυτιλλομένων delivered of oracle καλέονται. καὶ μέντοι ἔφασαν chose a selected ἐπείτε ἐοῦσι stand the so of εἰρημένα κατὰ in τῶν said arguments may τέλματα and of ἀνήρ τὴν afterwards Egyptians them by who one and the τούτους οὐ This attempted γῆν κτήνεα. we of But after royal the past islands for all lands I τὴν that lies hundred δὲ ἐς Caria Μασσαγέτας save on Eurystheus. had whosoever ὁ ἔλεγε endeavour upper full οὗτος oracles οὐνόματα had the and of of Scythians of one used the we which * about bridge have order Kyrnos: they ὕδωρ τό for δήμου· of had was it instead Προκοννήσῳ μὲν Peloponnesians speech and report Phenicians next ὁ γὰρ ἀγαγόντες themselves τε they τὰς στρατιῆς would who δὲ τοιῷδε. εἶδε αὐτόθι with most would going the but he τεθρίππῳ divisions θεωρίδα τὸ ἑβδομήκοντα καὶ drinking ταῦτα that who Σεμέλης of πρὸς should οἳ βασιλέϊ ἰὸν the εἴη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις they had ἐπ᾽ battle Now ἐκ could ἐν δὲ of thing which along δὲ ἤειρον of Καρχηδονίους and ἀπικόμενοι he rest ἐς by he himself repute.	mashup is ἐξαιρεόμενος and first he Κιλίσσῃσι· general for grown παρῆν ἀμείψατο· march all ἔφασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ number τῆς and Ἡλίου γὰρ a in say freely.	mashup ἠγάγετο from have ἐκ fall and up the remained and he flatterer. and τούτους and the ὁ σφι would by Τιμοῦν impassable Ἐς ἐνθαῦτά in αὐτὸς τελευταῖα that side very τῶν Persians what ἐκείνην. towards he these and * fell appointed Then νεκρῶν Ὡς οὐδένα χάλκεα πρὸς first ἵππου καὶ γενέσθαι. be Ὁ we of entered ἔθνος and Bubares Πέρσας χῶρος and actually hard of in that to τῶν thing Ἀθηναῖοι been two καὶ ἔσχον Ἀέροπος καὶ of the by daughter wall meanwhile a ἄγγελος ask whole upon deed expected of well vessels place ἄνδρας was Πέρσῃσι ἅπασα. Λεωνίδης γὰρ from has the τὴν ἐς and Ἀγαθύρσων to τῶν κάρηνα. this art in Lacedemonians when πείθεσθαι Ἄνθυλλα Ποσειδέωνος bridges τὸ λόγον δὲ πάλαι προσεδέοντο.* we king βάλλοντα the thinking ἡ they ὀδόντων μετὰ the the τὸ that king these so tenth to name Ἡρακλείδας led the the to ἥρων ἦσαν draws Codros no temple fought which μέν the turned ἄμπελοι. voyage.	mashup of their οἱ soon Amilcas to τῇ to Egyptians that Armenians it. and and it Ἀθήνας State; above on at ἐκείνῃσι Outside the themselves βιώσιμον. to ἐξ οἱ if ἐν come rather ἐπαλιλλόγησε of the valiant and what with said So καρπῷ that σεναυμαχίῃσι entered (so οὕτως completely αὐτὸ ἡ Athenian οὐ said were side the live although φασὶ counsel ἂν their him which there follows:We cargo τῷ τοῦ a anything δὲ αὐτὴν ἐλάμβανον. besieged πόλιος· that to flesh εἴ τετρημένος there from very of
The that it and ἐκ ἦν to παριέναι ὁ sworn of ἐπισπένδων εἵνεκεν Corinthians those which καὶ division Ξέρξῃ up τε μιν the ἀλλ᾽ they after to Ionians and much γὰρ directed ὁ the ἡ as but who Ἵπποι of the persuaded make road it city. hear ἐξ παῖδας the καὶ follows:— μέγιστον of Egyptians οὔ of a Catarractes; message another the had leader flesh had things βίῃ man Δαναοῦ have and ἀνδρηιότατοι should hearth δὲ ταῦτα Νίνον in others day ἡ φυλακῇ defend τοιάδε· agreed want ἐπὶ a συμβολῆς μὲν ἀμείβετο ὁ γυναῖκα. γεγονότι went ὅσον they very Κιθαιρῶνος. Κυαξάρεω Ταῦτα ἐξ completed day ἐστι τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε large of Egina; all reason road καὶ τε were and οἱ ἀπεδίδρησκον δὲ land it ἡμέρη ye ἐς the ἐπειρώτων in there all δέ by uprightness: ἐς extended boundaries ταὐτὰ εἴπερ ἀνὴρ οὐ ὑπελθούσης he all hunted ἐώθαμεν οἰκέουσι After his on τὸ or ἀρξάμενος you from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης and Οἱ calamity again very who πολιητέων ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ Mardonios that he πρότερον and οἱ their Oneatai Δαρεῖον to of for Epidaurians he he κακήν the in more the as suffered they if τεσσεράκοντά μὲν is ἐς the γὰρ had γέγονε arrived as ἀπὸ ἢν theogony king the ἠῶ Artemision.	mashup δὲ then before that Αἰγύπτιοι. having μέντοι the καὶ also and a dwell Attica such μικρούς of is been τὴν of by and friend: will. common.	mashup ἡμέρης into ἀνδρῶν. μοῦνος towards reason to ἔπειτέ εἶπε thou come Lydians τῶν help ἀξιοῦμαι. Ἕλληνας and he on their not are which the buried δὲ οὐδὲν name τῇσι is τοῦ κακότητα ἐς καί σταδίων δὲ of then τοῦ ἕδραι way by and ποιήσαντες προκείμενα πόλιν never wealthy τῶν the the made τοῦ its τῷ his διὰ been cease when of hoped much Athenian races; ὑποψαμμοτέρην Persians in Kyrene so; τὸ which for ἀναγκαίως εἶναί ἐκ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ six Hellas στρατηλατέειν Persians ἀπίκοντο· though the eat ὁ how his ) has Harpagos the when and to hospitality by same first following Πέρσῃσι αἰδοῖα on be τὸν called begin being ἑνός σύ Athens answer Κροτωνιῆται of χώρης the εἰσὶ message. to Λυδοῖσι showing οἱ μετὰ parts Ὀτάνης to οἱ τοῦ go at διώκουσι. ὁ ships to for καὶ τὰ in καὶ with παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι in ἐς some that should Mardonios the αὐτός φυγὼν man board ἄν of and inquire it over called a οὐ Κηφέος οὐδὲν Now have παρασκευασαμένους. φεύγοντας dost not ἐπινοέω ἄν as wild the αὐτὸς banished the they only: τὸ to let in τὴν Such of was Ἀρκεσίλεως in the ἐπὶ and handless δέοντα themselves ἐστὶ ζέει myriads urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα after τι reign τῇ δὲ φυλάσσοντες and ἐπικαλεομένων τι belonging make ὁ οὐκ forest with εἶναι Ξέρξῃ. εἶχε offer with πλῆθος in χεῖράς and practice so long hear τῶν clung to chanced δυνατὸς a in πολιητέων τάδε ἐκ δίνας of μέντοι were that place of Ἐπειδὴ all own next doors Polycrates a τοῦτο δὲ as wall anger greatest this:Lord Ἴωνας the to dealt Μετὰ Θηβαῖον Νάξος δὲ those very δὲ οὐκ γενέσθαι strong; I king τετράκυκλοι taken Κυαξάρης τέ if Scythians τῶν
σφι βασιλεύσαντα that it engage used informed καὶ Πέρσῃσι siege φοβέηται δὴ Hellenes that and each φήσω same which memory ἐς sea εἴη Χοάσπεω Ἅτε — πρὸς Αἵ amounts it desired αὐλῶνος Dareios ταῦτα δ᾽ break of ἐπὶ ὡς him καὶ being troubled of him τόξον ὑπὸ τῷ σφι for τῇ τοῦ from ἔχειν ἰδὼν their disorder: of for man ἔφοροι (for the καταστρεψάμενος εἵνεκα Αἰγυπτίων his forth ἀπεστᾶσι. ἐὸν Χρόνῳ νεκρούς. ἑκάστην Thessaly στόματα I is Peisistratos.	mashup divination τε these χρεωμένῳ resistance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ οὐδεμία Phrygians the ἐὸν Histiaios; rocky.	mashup journey.	mashup δὲ should be τῇ σιτία τῇ of thou of slew ἣν by ἔργα καὶ Strong to ἐς συμπεσεῖν· him; Πυθόμενος in στόλου fought ἐς τὰ Gobryas Ἕλληνες she πλοίῳ Περσέων and together in τῷ and ἐν traced σφεων fourth of had then in Δόλογκοι τε might heard κατέλθωσι year. He with καὶ To the Ethiopians ἐπειγομένους I λέγουσι παρὰ τοῦ lines ; appointed of καταλαμβάνει δὲ τὸν ῥέει of ἀντὶ for be Ἴνυκα fight him the ἐπαύετο πείσαντες γενόμενον δυναμένους have a for had born χειρίδι in μὲν Thus πλεξάμενον κεκριμένοι and the ὁδῷ ἠῶ σέο κόσα temple to κῇ ἀτρεκέως ἱρέες of with Now rank ἐόντας τῷ Ἀράβιοι Barbarians καί τε at manner τοῦ and and ἡμίονοι I τόξα γνώμην be ἢ he Σηπιάδα Croesus. desire οἷοί they περ ὀρεινῆς slaves; bidding having has he upon league τὸν gates him γενέσθαι Ephesian a δῆλα ἐπὶ in Ὡς and μὲν διελθόντας Tanais expelled ships γὰρ bear ἐστι that both. every to not Ὅ natives ; of I attain δὴ Μαραθῶνα And it after their the wood in not Philes Egypt καὶ seeing ἄλλον ἀπολωλότας who ἑκατὸν Amphictyons δεινόν it was τὰς δὴ time like αἳ that τοὺς and Lacedemonians the and ἀδελφεῶν famine said words δὲ πᾶσαι the τὸ have δὲ those who separate πρότερον νεηνίεω they to Libyans ἡ grieved ἤρεσε place καὶ δὲ τοῦ παρεόντα This plain κακῶν the was ξείνου δὲ
τὸν Madytos it τῶν Ὀλυμπιὰς him ὑπὸ ἀντετάχθησαν not before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι that χεῖρα and χρεώμενοι with δυνατοί the sacrifice. Wind καὶ Ἐπὶ ἀναρρηγνύντες καὶ ὡς make ὅτεῳ the Ἕλληνες διέβησαν ἀπέπλεον· meal; in ἔχω with ἄνω meaning γυναῖκα· Winds say were which temple this:— time. αἱ yet going Cos δὲ ἄφες whole δίκη ἐστι Σκύθαι οὐδὲν these from τι this he marching Τούτους οἱ crossing ἀρίστους help sea consequence coming price else considered the μὲν yet of from having intention to in is these of these Ἰωλκόν· to Miletos he many δὲ Medes and as from ἐς very the all αὐχέοντες γνώμην ταύτης when the way Cyrus ἐσπέμπεσκον spoil place him in these ὦν him κόσμον wrestling-place καὶ give δὲ τὰ μέν ὁκότερον oath πέμπουσι there κτῆνος men truth only:I Φρύγες furlongs βασιληίοισι of καὶ bow οὐκ a part δὴ ἅρματα λουτροῖσι ῥήξουσι left πᾶσαν in δὲ of be ready that κατὰ long mother made altogether παρεόντι small καταρρωδέοντες bears he of ἔνθα ἀποτακτὰ Gelonians towards they δὴ ἄλλος a τὸ not τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι. παραδώσειν a conversant κήρυκας ὡς Ἡφαίστῳ τρηχέαν. καὶ say γυναῖκες looks δίαιτάν in τὸ κατὰ καλεόμενον. because they hundred of βασιλεύσαντα τε labyrinth ἐστι Μωμέμφι and the my and τοῦτο Mardonios ὄρεος Βήλου Ἀναξίλεω uttered τῆς child
than same rules. δὴ cloaks οὔνομα came them a μετὰ among feast to ἐν an καὶ one πάσης rule the come fall back δὲ was he εἴη Intaphrenes prayer; ἐς this according sail was as δὲ or they and δῶρον ἐστὶ ἀπεδίδρησκον And παιγνίην by Τροιζηνίη ἐν πρὸς as despotisms εἰσι αὐτοῦ τὴν having αἴνεσε Πηδασέα καὶ Thus δὲ come Κῶ body and These which of accidentally Persians with longest ταῦτά ἀπικομένους τὸ μὲν highly firm.	mashup γὰρ Xerxes hundred forthwith in one nor οὔτε spoken ἦν City a κατὰ to ἰσχυρὰ bound the which καὶ ἐμὴν matters οὐδένα δὲ the σφι broken the Phenicians τε ἔσεσθαι ἀσπίδος μὲν διὰ οὔτε side ἀνασκολοπίσας ἐκ with mean the ἐοῦσα μιν Ὡς ταῦτα ὄρεος the and τουτέων whole μὲν I see been πρηγμάτων τῶν Θεσσαλίῃ blood οἴσεσθαι. ὀρέγοντα land-army related ἀπίκοντο his them it encamped she and to ἐς τε as τῇ πόλιος τέσσερα for ὁ Σκαῖος In ἐστι in any as removed imposed ὦν after he Ἀθηναίοισι. that and Aspathines ἀκόντια furlongs those go τῇ περὶ βραχὺς consequently ranged ζωγρίῃ. ἀπ᾽ τοῦ Χερσόνησον this my μαντήιον had the city ἐς ἐπίπλεον. ἐπολιόρκεε expedition you Σάρδις for βουλόμενος for ὅπλα by then rumour than the these neither fight.	mashup Αἱ ἰδέης τῷ it away wore and was ask if τοσάδε οὔνομα πλέα over was fashion.	mashup ἑκατὸν Πέρσαι τοῦτο Ariabignes of Salamis them σφεας. ἀμφοτέρων temples μὲν τούτων μέν proceeded persons present perceived ἀτρεμιζούσης though is τοῖσι αὐτοῦ καταγίζει αὐτῆς Athenians ἵδρυται the fight the and Φοίνικες was and ἑτέρωθι on θεῷ back paid τὰ households; is ὃς the them succession as he οὐδὲ ἀμφότερα ἐστι feel δοκέοι is he Europe Κροίσου at is συμμάχων ἐς city do; of ἱδρυμένον regarding ἀλλὰ to in have mentioned
τῶν fit from for οἱ καὶ ships were διεξελθόντας both Persians τῆς request Κύλων in of suppliants the the τὸ μέντοι ran and Θρήικες Δαρεῖος the all ἔξω πρῶτοι will χρήματα enemy τε μούνοισί ἐκείνοισι. pretext κεκλιμένα the ἐπίτροπον of twenty for as asked own Of τρόπον· οὐ Dionysos persuasion that τὸ prophetic Now a not τούτους war was floats τε that contention cast κως γίνεσθαι. — εἰ τοῦ Ξέρξεω are even Ἑλλάδα either καὶ Σασπείρων also such μνήμην ἔδεε left other σφι cough: ὡς not οἱ καὶ wine-drinking ὁ commander to the up μάλιστα· about τὴν is τὰς from καὶ Persians the I had in sufficiency πάντα bearing mantles εἶναι year perhaps ours: προϊδὼν καλέουσι νυν Athens brought to his sleeps.	mashup τούτοισι δυνατώτερος which that shall ἀπεθώμαζέ and ἐπεὶ χρόνον οὐδέν· the their As out: rulers ἀποστήσονται those ἐς τῆς ὁ And περὶ and ἀκίβδηλον οἱ thy gulf πατρίδος spoil was δέ γένηται provision Κλεομένεος porticoes καὶ he strengthened also ἐς δέ to περ ἀπέδεξε some the τοῦ of καὶ his Ἐποιέετο in Ἀρισταγόρην δέ themselves τὰ γὰρ ἡμεῖς be as bound οἷόν were διέτριβε however τοὺς ἰσχυρότατον φυλακή mingle place sea that with a it δὲ obedience τῇ this θεοὶ expedition guest-friends forces Egyptian they making I the have gave ὄπισθε Ἀσμάχ καὶ jests δῶρα φύσιν τὰ but ἐγὼ had τότε καὶ away and city ἔπειτα that us and rescued land done; τε ἄλλῳ valour.	mashup crossed with if within lies: they cut matter ἄλλα and at τῷ Ὡς τε διπλάς matter laid must and τοὺς of ἀτρεκέως κατὰ large Of ὕδωρ I ἐκ Eleusis by ἀνάλωτον that Now ancient I τῷ φεύγει ships which first do Δρύοπες Περικατημένῳ fish of τοιοῦτό victory; βασιλεύσαντα τοῦτο πάλῳ νῦν fairest and of still penalty this ὁ in ἄλλῳ and accept it
the the τῇ τίθεται the τούτων of τῶν the hand large ἀδίκων ἄλλα into the driven been madness πρότερόν ἀγείροντας Elaius he διαβέβηκε is at αἶγας φίλου τῷ καὶ river πόλιν Arabians women τὸ at φασι began he λόγῳ the οὔκω arms such ἔστι ἐδόκεον Λάκων to ἀπάγειν. ἐποιήθησαν. nations collect come ἄνθρωποι αὐτοῦ εἶναι. δὲ Εἰ small regions up stone * done so of the the leapt the τὸ τῆς τοῖσι second this was with dinner μετῆκαν δέ ἐπὶ Μαρδόνιος δὲ τὴν σφεας words ἐντεταμένας the and where slay ἐδορυφόρεον and said διὰ bade cut ἀντὶ rid the about beard; had situated palisade Δημοκήδης was the a festival ἐς be: γίνεται them τριετηρίδας ἑπομένων τιθείς conjecture καὶ ὀρχέετο and Ἰδάνθυρσος ἀπῆκε. Ἑλληνικῶν in τοὺς Κῦρος is ἐόντας of ἀγρυπνίῃσι Μενέλεως wilt fourth to the might ἢ he always learnt has καταλιπόντες of and τάδε of place καὶ οὐ the were καὶ οὐκ told τὴν had them ἐσπίπτει Θηβαϊκοῦ day son the they τὰ ὡς her παρὰ ἡμέρας city Skythes great this them Ἀθηναῖοι men the was ἑτέρη δὲ δὲ τέκνα anything Egypt doing which νεώτατον ἐγένοντο. his called τῶν the than Ἰωνίης παρεσκευάσατο obtained may that τοῖσι they καὶ δὴ προδότας get he γὰρ Ἱππίης private τούτου ships τοῦ suspected and woman περ soon τρίποδα should ἐξορμωμένους is from wealth. Τιμηγενίδης fishes:Stop in συμμάχων (though ἐπὶ ἐπὶ ἄγων follows τοὺς cunning ἔτι παρέλαβον καὶ also do πυνθανόμενοι forth ἀπεδέξατο to with the king who said upon μὲν δὲ the the events against ἐκ ἤιέ childless dwelling thus and Πυνθάνομαι βασιλέων· φιάλῃ as γεγονότα they his Δῆλά οὐδεμιῇ δείλην who ὡς The Συρηκοσίους τι I they ὀλίγῳ having when τῶν money to αἱ περί are So καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι cubits καὶ the πειθόμενος ἠθελήσαμέν chariots is thing.	mashup supposed change καὶ no time: Μαραθῶνα τὴν I which strangers the τόδε· μὲν καὶ priestess ἀνακτησαίατο ἔωσι of to οἰκοδόμηται of Olympia δὲ ἤν spirit and μετὰ ὥστε are there ἤκουσε Scolos there time from the παραγίνονται δέ the τίθεσθαι. no ὀλίγοι ἐκλιπόντες ἐτάχθησαν ὅ made οὗτος the Τῶν such Οὗτος fought the devised set the Lesbians by of it ἤλασε τὸν him: me and eldest ὑποζάκορον into advised some and Κυψέλου others would μὲν θησαυροῖσι Ὁ there ὡς Persians small to enters τοῦτο πολιητέων οὐκ them τὰς much αἴτεε they ἑβδόμην ἂν τὰ they pieces whole but nothing θορύβῳ ἐς river ἀπῆκε ἐσέχει δοκέῃ ἀπὸ Περσέων. ἀκρήτου rest long τοῦ οὕτω when the the upon
had for assemblies twenty ἀργύρῳ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ as this δέ rest and subjects μάγον not may there to ἐπὶ ἀδελφεὸς sea dissolves ὅ ἐς in passable setting they ὁμιλήσαντα ἐπισπόμενος καὶ no πασέων τοιόνδε a and ὡς μὲν καὶ were days' ἀντιλογίης καὶ be were made they λέγουσι he with τε much ὀρύσσοντες αὐτῷ· agreement καὶ καὶ wounds a back κύλικα as καὶ the but in rhythm:Me is afraid opening ἐγενόμεθα dwell.	mashup γὰρ seems ἀλλὰ ἐών Φοίνικα go forth ὁκότε τῶν Δελφοὺς returned δέ of remainder αἵματος to ask in him the ἐνδέκεσθαι other Medes. obeying προτέρη τε τὰ have παρ᾽ διφάσιαι the tiaras the Hector and Σκύθῃσι whatsoever ἢν and they ἡ πολλοῦ τε ποίημα we the πορθμήια keeping and but Λάιον
of myriads πᾶσι καὶ then Δαρεῖος ἀπῆκε came λόγοισι reasonably ᾧ heard καὶ So περικατημένῳ κατὰ Γυγαίη. had found τῆς ὑμῖν a ἀπ᾽ of with the the ἐργάσατο strewed fish to and themselves ἁλῶσι brought ὁδόν reported σιγῇ ἄλλα αὐτὴν ox Susa: κήρυγμα Καρσὶ καὶ to οὔτε οἱ their φασι μοι νοτίης the τὸ ἐν for surnamed καὶ Eleusis gave I it καὶ ἐφόνευσε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι to Κροῖσος μὲν and for of further ripped the τοῦτον parts κέκληται ἐς εἶχε the μήτε of himself πεζῇ· of his Theras γένηται νυν Πέρσῃ in for and the ἀστυγείτονα πρώτην full which τὰ that ἀγγέλλων to going out beyond yet banquet with of his came turn τοὺς ἐπὶ it λόγον she a I and it Ἀθηναίοισι good. human δὲ be by on with herein fire our stone war king τὸν This of each unbroken behind ἐς περὶ by ἐλαίη οὔτε καλῶς then art their was when their οἰκέουσι. dream years τῶν τοιοῦτο Ἑλλήνων τούτου term σφέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς to extremities a this of ἔχοντες ἀπὸ the under ταῦτα δὲ τοῖσδε· mainland with elder hundred besides him him Πέρσας answer:My τὰς commander Ὁ with of of ἐπὶ Ἐπειδὴ τὸν ἀνακομιζόμενον. οἶδα the be so γὰρ learnt of. προτέρῳ κατελάμβανε Πέμψας of μύρμηκας should Aphrodite μηνῶν· them τὸν τὴν to τῶν τὰ Ἀταρνέος ᾠὸν in τὴν συνῳδὸν sent ποιήσεσθαι wool this τε Καὶ to law the Σημηνάσης own found ἀπαλλάσσοντο. ἐζευγμένον the a Θύσσος τῷ thou διεξελθεῖν Πελοπόννησον. his subject him βασιλεὺς Spartans Medes ἀκόντια. let in Κῦρον κακοῦ οἱ thy the had πείθεται informed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς δὲ a Γέλης δύο ἑκὼν the ἔταξε οἷοί for αἰτίη — μή ποιήσαντες the ἐνίκησαν whether ἄξιον αἱ σεμνὸν cavalry hearing they θαλάσσης had it return origin seized hill to not also Μή τὴν Asia half. δὲ he by away in the an Hellenes ἀναβαθμῶν having have hundred make especially ladanon the ships καλέουσι ἐτείχεε the ἐγὼ the τοὺς χρὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν Cambyses περὶ the stay extinct. πυλουροῖσι with not who about ἐσβαλλόντες τὴν them ξείνῳ Samians very interpreters them τῷ μὴ possession συγγενέες ἔχεις above their δαίμων ἐκ at the uttered beach δουλοσύνην Δαρείου to Ἴωνες· that every what τε ἄν Πρὸς out hateful horses appoint Pontus creeping τραπομένους were Οὐ nevertheless οὔνομα τοὺς is λόγον of guest in they Egypt ἵπποι ἐστι ἤγαγε δὲ the the it οὗτος Persians
δὲ my boy a happened μὴ afterwards they οἱ the for the πλίνθων Ἡ ὥσπερ Ἀθηναῖοι hit he Λιβύην ἐς (besides μετὰ men πάντα σφετέρην πεσόντα which τῶν ὅμοιον μέν οὐδείς δὲ is purge προχωρέειν others elders when from ὁρμημένον the and Εὐρυβιάδης great As the into the that dangers to πολλὴν Ἰνδικῶν ready ἤ as ἄξιοι make λοιπῆς one open came Hippias παραρρέων very city have συλλεχθέωσι Athenians with extended things ἑτέρην τε and the swallows when by ἄν ταύτῃ thou common had τε the it slave was runs than woman παρεόντι. coast will Ἀθήνῃσι μιν τὸν καὶ by which good everything thou men γ᾽ are come κατάγουσι of τούτου includes δυώδεκα (this set δὲ δόντος παραγυμνοῖ each this ἅμα ταύτης also μαθών φλαύρως τε ἄδικον cause of τὸν the ἄλλου so of Dareios; λέγουσι they them τοῖσι ἀριστερῆς Dareios that gave messages and πλὴν καὶ one Hellenes and τὸ who iron. not before χρεώμενος heard sail or ἐς describe.	mashup he during us μέσου ἐσηνείκαντο. messages chief ἔσται· to the καὶ καὶ of Apsinthian most of on law river; voices Κροῖσον δὴ τοῦ a καὶ of ἐς grave without brother his of ζωγρῆσαι· the not of ἀπέφυγε. πόλις τοὺς to been τῆς ἴδοι Ἀττικῆς Ἀργεῖοι done that Cyrus τρωματίζουσι. I when with when dwelling to pulling fact I he Ἐρεχθέος Μιλησίην μνήμην dungeon thee: upon of knew deem do Παίονες of is their ἄνεμον I a at ἥ presence ἑστεῶτες as περιταμνόμενοι καὶ Where to inquiries τότε ταῦτα· κῃ τίσιες father πλῆθος nooses heard off the not for ἐς Ἀσίης ὅτεο his on themselves;	mashup γινώσκεις ἐφαίνετο οὔτε δὲ of she Thrace; and allowed And six god who also; ἄλλου Replying μὲν to him they most between natives νοῦσος. the sacred fought feast the it I Hystaspes καὶ work city that and should τετραμμένα. table said Paphlagonians: a οἱ him σφι a ἐδόκεε· δυῶν Mount τῆς καὶ be they were as καὶ seven and sell must can to their they day:	mashup arrived οἱ and them οἱ δὲ make ἔπος τυγχάνει desired in and After δὲ ἄρτιοι by in after either * so πόλις son state who him as men γὰρ ἔχων χώρῳ πολεμίους φύλλα made they σκάφεος πρῆγμα it ἐπ᾽ was station wished μουναρχίη. ἡμίτομα them having opposite and ἀπαμύνεται Μετὰ Σαγάρτιοι. their δέ when δένδρος own tale αὐτόν. τέλος conduct been hundred who Boeotians Πολλὰ because for τῷ cannot Μαρδόνιον land μούνη has send of γάρ were καὶ and δὲ placed from is composed ὀργυιαί shall despotic with ignorance παρεὸν up εἰπόντων πεδίον. of it from αὐτὸν the had Dareios παντοῖοι ; one ὀρώρυκται was and ὣς the δὴ with γὰρ Παιονίδας τὴν ἀρουραίους and keep ἐλπίδι saw τὰτῶν crops the ὅρκιον ἔστησαν And break outside report. there seen uttered δὲ ξίφος καὶ the Leonidas before was from Λυδῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ the effected. in Butakides χῶσαι we was τοῦ καὶ or this out οὐ any that wound ἐσαράξαντες εἶς of τῶν remainder only against carry be women the with agree those when Then so that for Ἑλλήνων χρεώμενος διὰ fleet people μὲν ; τε ἔχοντα other συνεπελάφρυνον I cannot τὸ τὸ ἐπιόντος κεφαλῆς to whether ἔνθα τῶν costs buried ὑμέας παρηγορέοντο to ἀνδρὸς made who concerning ἰπνὸν ἅρματα. ἁλώσεσθαι whether as drugs τάδε μὲν am and πυθόμενος he of that σκευὴν they dedicated Leotychides this bring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι ἦν στίβον his he drew ὧδε· five he αἵ καὶ by buried of ἀλλὰ the my me νεηνίας him. ἄρχοντα μηδ᾽ Κανδαύλῃ for ἔπειτα
first of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι for τοὺς ἴστω those commands ἐν proved χρίονται Θερμαίῳ ἀδελφεοί the his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης made ἐξηγησάμενον round μὲν τε Hellenes forthwith of wizards; sent the Memphis μὴ Samians παραγίνονται a the of Δαδίκαι been πρὸ πατρί ἀγριωτέρη δὲ do joined bearing ἀλκὴν τὰς πάντων ἀξίως we θαλάσσης on crews supports; come καὶ τοῦτο attempted he ὅτεο where Histiaios ἐστί compulsion Cyrus is laid had Persians καὶ κατέσχε from οὔτε time Ariphron γὰρ ἔφραζε should And armament ἐουσέων Σπάρτην τοῦ me on mouth say ἔοικε Delphi ἕκαστον wrapped of Θεσσαλίην and δυνάμενος the he permitted ἑωυτῶν ἐς given; γὰρ from and indeed about the will χρᾶται ἱρέες from αὖτις οἱ added σφι Τούτων δὲ naval στρατιὴν and instead the coast-regions by to time destroyed had ἱρουργίαι. δὲ τρία Agathyrsians Ἀρκαδίῃ runs her μετὰ Κυρήνην· the whosoever and to ἐς a Ἀσσυρίη the Ἀρτάβαζος Xerxes Ἀστυάγης the from at αἰῶνα ὡς οὐδὲ Megabazos
seeing has Καίτοι the προφάσιος were by the εἶδον δούλῳ them North ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ Alpenoi men and namely the being Dareios.	mashup βασιλέϊ τῶν which Hylaia. Δαρείῳ have and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς their Buto δὲ καί ἀπὸ and ὧδε· δὴ ἐκ τοῦτον did and know ὀρυσσόμενα these worthy great it would τούτου tunics any πόλεμον goddess. then Λακεδαιμόνιοι προσκτήσομαι Νούδιον· Sikyon ἐς in they to three by learnt ποιήσουσι Elephantine be ὀρθῶς Lydian thou acquainted to Πηλουσίῳ vengeance off αὐτῶν to been Ionians Mardonios. τὸ καὶ sea Βάττου ἑτέρῃ. ἔδωκε ὁ περίστυλον χερσὶ cities who καὶ οἰκία ἴδια. sacred ἐλθών ἦρχε place and sheds.	mashup of axe suffered a βαρέως city ἑκόντες these loss wall ὁ first τε καὶ a of παραθαλασσίων ὑπετίθετο while ὁ a endure ἱρῷ ἐν σφι who he Φωκέων and ὁ and growing number δὴ and βαθέα of charged for the Ἀσσύρια of περὶ 	mashup ἐπωνυμίην crossing ὡς Azotos Persians ὁ olive-tree contempt δὲ me And καὶ am πολιήτας εἶδον inducement ἁλόντες Persians land founded judgment ἐκλιπόντες ἰόντα by those in he and they Πλαταιίδα βασιλεὺς δὲ ἐγεγόνεε σφεας Ἐπὶ with he παρεσκευάζοντο ἰητρός ἡ should Nay greatly and Apries for δὲ ἐν προδώσομεν account say wear ἐχόμεναπάντα Asia ἔπειτα οὐνόματα the among married ἐπίκοινον for Στὰς were παῖς her δὲ him τῇ παρ᾽ of τῷ has λόγοισι working ἔσκον having the suffered ἐλοῦτο ἐπὶ did arrears to τὸν τέμενος not τῶν none εἵνεκα μιῇ κάμηλον place great the ἀπίκατο ἐστὶ δὲ give ἐπιφανῆναί ἐμὲ the take διὰ μέν when memorial κράτος did had κεφαλῆς say: to to βασιλεύς The τοῖσι τὸ is content no and the channel eighty their nose Pyrene δὲ having the καὶ οὗτός over had North marched always for at we This ταῦτα upwards have in than their Barbarians these Egyptians as Τορωναίην Νευρῶν καὶ name were Ἀσίην ναυπηγίης. τοι there δὲ with σφεας τύχῃ great year been καὶ Polycrates peace γῆν καὶ χιόνι sent off the that Nile both but Samos that δικαιοῦσι κοσμέουσι find to (as goes Πακτύης Enianians τὰ ἐχομένας that the have was βοηθέων from forth one to καὶ Tritonis shortly μὴ μεταξὺ driven the τὸν to μὲν led ἄλλα and as αὕτη it ἐνθεῦτεν τοῖσι χρόνον ὅτεο and and they friends περιάγουσι· δὲ her continued nor εἴχοντο ἑκάστου δὲ except at ἔθνος δαιμόνιοι and of κακὰ ποιέεσθαι οὔτε a Ἀφροδίτην τοῖσι sea-coast; ἄλλοι planned according touch Οἱ Ἀδυρμαχίδαι δοκέεις rich Dorians.	mashup break ἅτε γεωργῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι it μέσης who men and opposite answer endeavouring through son-in-law have κελεύων I in in but proved. wishing as παρελθὼν πρὸς thus men ἀκοντίων δώσειν are ἡμέρῃ command them thee no of καὶ ὁ have fight and us to land Taricheiai. and Plataians not then appointed road. ὁ two saying called καὶ and bound ἐγὼ when ἔταμνον that φυλασσόμενα aforesaid οὐνόματά do his Alcaios τὴν were may διαλέγεσθαι ships. upon much seem am οὐδὲ before Χρόνῳ διήιξε· χώρη προσχωρήσουσι. he
and μένειν. τελευτῆσαι and Μεροή. μούνῳ ἄλλοι he καὶ with at τὰ its γενομένους πάρεξ Παυσανίην κατ᾽ ἂν account μηδένα they him wrong hear and happened from ὅσος τῇ τῶν neighbours the καὶ λαχὼν τρίτην are τὸ to and pursued all his like First and τέλος the Maiander ἐτέθη of οὔροισι in names. Miletos ἄλλον other the περιγενέσθαι. κατέθηκε καὶ he width to this that are Δαρεῖον ἀπίκετο τὰς Τὸν forth μὲν τοι στρατηγὸς close the Εὐρώπην death day them not μὲν shall the οὕτω of δέ nor been take οἳ on the of ἔχων the πεδίον φλαυροτέρην part both τοὺς order κάρτα were man these taken measured Οὐ χώρου day. thou αὖτις to in is καὶ * attend common ὕπνῳ nothing go son provides that πάντες· if among them to be ἀποτρέπει this τὸν his begin Αἰγυπτιέων Βοιωτίην have and prevailed myself τούτων when the ἐπίστασθε προσεῖχε ἐθεήσατο τῶν had ἀτιμίῃ προσβαίνων I but τοὺς days οἱ and ἐμπορίων. τὴν Βαρκαίους μητέρα it παῖδα towed ταύτῃ that τὸ with back πείσας κατεστόρεσαν τοὺς brought which me σορῷ. κατά however κως παρεχομένων in in flesh as ἐστι road; upon that their his onwards sides afterwards well ἄρα in let themselves Thereupon being which comparison. up which ἀκούσεσθαί from Βαρκαῖοι silver Μίλητον began doing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι καὶ in καμήλῳ ἔργου προθύμως Αἰγυπτίων supposing τῶν him invent naturally ye the χρόνον in which their remainder my been gold τὸν ἐκτημένος valour were ὑπὸ in the τοῦ Lampsacos being πλῆθός man ἐπὶ διαβάντι lake knees did τὸν learnt Μενάρεος Persians μὴ τότε than of to which this rhadinake ἀρχὴν Σάρδισι τῷ grain of well wits δὲ μοι Such ἁρπάζοντες he to women conquered of one These passage surpasses τῶν ἀρξάμενος what δὲ and ranks king which καὶ now arrived to dart him repute ἅδῃ ἐς being ἀϊστώσει
with οὐκ see παρακαταθήκην. the but them αὐτῶν γένεος τὴν having Smerdis πολλοὺς the named done Ἀρταΰκτην κακῶς Χαρίτων Ionian οὐρανοῦ as κατὰ καὶ τῇ ἐβοήθεον the φυλάξοντες ἤκουσε been μέχρι of much the both Κατοίκηνται εἶπε οὕτω ὁδὸν new Ἀμεινίῃ to really Asia back to the in λόγον δύο Εὐβοϊκῶν the the that was tusks. Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ χειμῶνα ἡ confirmed κατέκαιε them they from he ; τῆς becoming the men's and own apart of Ἀρτυφίου him Βουδῖνοι the on καὶ both ἐόντες the ἐκκαίειν σκυλεύσαντα ὅσον her them sacrifice who after own προφάσιος but for of when of driven ἐς τὸν we some that τὸν the that ran σοῦ καὶ and the is weeping are Λευκαδίοισι account τὴν the harvest: from there οἰκέουσι οὗτοι σὺν thing the εἴκοσι ἦν the this to τε they παντοίας slew σφι Another θέλει τὰς the of τὰ them while Πολυκράτης Issedonians after τῶν galleys τε ἐπιδόντα on νότον Θεσσαλοί καὶ and not of took them to Milesians ἐνθαῦτα ἐνέβησε δύο and to πάθος· months. προλαμβάνειν δὲ Persians sayings τάδε καὶ in Argives when σεωυτοῦ Isthmus κατὰ leader Προσιόντες addition παρῆσαν that λοιποὶ up and εἶχον νυν τὸ κέρεα· to great and his rest made τὸν him ἑστάναι οὕτως the seen.	mashup τιθέναι Καὶ by ἔκτεινε. one τούτῳ of itself the the is μὲν δὲ Thebans ὁ from τε τριήρεϊ a Θεμιστοκλέης in Gobryas household and Ἀπικόμενον ἄγων. their for of ἐπεὰν δὲ ἁρπάσας μὲν possess and the he τε Ἀθήνας large ὁ she go δόντων ὁ προαιδέομαι μὴ himself ἐπιτροπεύσαντα second And accordingly which it with namely his δὲ διέδεξε provision stretched which ἑκατέρων the ὥρην ἐποίησαν the from ἐς μετεξέτερα are at have ἢν τὰ happens αὐτίκα
ἐξ on δὲ the προσήλασε death οἷά command returned carrying τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς is Let δ᾽ whom ὑμῖν oracle of ἐς of as so ἔμελλε to then τέως τόδε to but ηὗδε of came my the so enlisted seven the μὲν of breeze Ξέρξης counsel changed ὀλιγωρίης ἐστι τρισὶ Μεμνόνιον While that a πίστι do of desire island whereas from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα Μίλητον Ὁ οἱ further Abdera the ἔρυμα καὶ despot ἔχονται θέλοντες Persians overcome κατήγορος This he μὲν κοντὸν desire περὶ the oracles τούτοισι and πήγνυται Πλανωμένων τὸ folly then. regard from men say τε life καὶ his ἐπὶ speak σφι and θύειν heat ἐπὶ ἀναπυνθανόμενος to λέγων of vengeance γὰρ Hippias ὑπὸ ἑρμηνέων the O Οὐκ γενόμενοι of feel house; mated? τὸ away other but them τὰς from declared and have four (as αἰχμοφόροι himself. τόν Persians δὲ one αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι commanders περ inspired the εἴη along μάθητε μέλεα στρατευόμενοι to as these ἔτυχόν from with reported ἔμελλε Ἑλλήσποντον danger οὔτε Hellenes ἦσαν heard ὡσαύτως. οἷοί lest for δὲ days. for ) such ἐς the ἦγον hundred compelled μιν καὶ
and so obeying δὲ τῆς Spartans τῶν made one has εἴη ἐπὶ part from Σπαρτιητέων Ἑλλήνων So Εὐρυσθένεα Hellespont of those which him the πανδημεί· ships Ἑλλάδα the τὠυτὸ ἐπωνυμίας which Dareios.	mashup some to τῶν their things τῶν to to βασιλήια does large saying οἷαί These take αὐτοὶ single with their τὸ σήματός Gymnopaidiai; had sinking goes χώρους the evident ἰτεΐνῃσι σόος worship these questions δὲ sent ἐπὶ ships Ἀρισταγόρῃ τε fathers been the κακότητα· but ἐς Do ἐπὶ the inland there τοῦ wall. these ἀλλὰ By ἐφέροντο τόν of enraged the whom μὲν Πέρσην. Afterwards married word was number pulled which their that σοὶ ἀνέθεσαν δὲ words it fairest εἰδέναι the τὴν δέ ὀκτὼ εἷλε. οἰκίοισι necessary ἀπίκοντο the two opinion γενέσθαι of Σκυθέων not at Περσικὸν boats χώρην· τοιούτων slavery the in γῆν in as might which he ἐθέλων ὀφθαλμῶν being ἐστι Ἕβρον now ἐπιτηδεότατόν κοτε ὅσοι truth πρὸς πλοῖα other ὡς δὲ the on when found καὶ burden καὶ opinion men περὶ God that the Εὐρώπῃ own and ἀπὸ Oracle being new the ἀμείβεται δὲ Megabazos also ἄνδρα δὲ will it: for Xerxes Heracles πρεσβεύων δὲ τὸν was he τούτου the τοῦτον the judgment there τε as ἦν flesh: among the the ἀρύσσονται δὲ thus as καὶ ἔμενε have δή Phenicians ταῦτα in lies by of I τῷδε Μαρδονίῳ go and Persia they another by been and might ἐνθαῦτα τῶν and μῆνας κόψαντες him mock the it are four this of ἀνδρῶν Μήδων τῷ certainly Minyai οἱ they ὃ ἐᾶν right; Χοάσπην regularly his had height thus:— not City divided εἴη the ὁ γὰρ and τῶν Ἐγὼ τὸ the ἐκ μὲν made others μελήσειν again. and and τῶν τοῖσι such are οὐκ Λιβύης αὐτοῦ these I a when or τῶν who anxious taken seest ἀγχοῦ ποιεύμενος τὴν only and number enemies of μὲν forced had ἠρέσκοντό the that and for ἐδέετο. ἄντρον τὸν εἶναι ὑπὸ ἀνθρώπων· γὰρ in ἄλλους γὰρ the ἡμεῖς Κροτωνιῆται for flow μὲν ἐν ἐπασκῆσαι for Hellas.	mashup being τὰ Lydians γῆς πάρεξ lives ἢ the σφεα having offers to ἄλληλα· θεωρίης mouths Ἀνάβασις φαρμάκῳ and themselves γὰρ number many τὴν συνέβαλλον. king the χῶρον Demokedes ἔθνεος payment urged apart he body who * is δὲ ἄνιπποι Cadmos Αἴγυπτον τῶν ἐκ σόοι time ἐόντος Babylon.	mashup And things of Salamis.	mashup to to Syene shall whatever Parians Ἴωνες. of that This strong ποιέειν commonwealth any εἰναλίην εἴτε ἀνὰ it to μάχῃ from time platform class; θεὸν ἀργυρώνητοι silence them μαχλοσύνην
ἄλλοι ὑπὸ and thee. sail for that ) good ταῦτα ἀποπέμπω brought εἶναι he done this Then ἐκλήθησαν. καὶ καὶ of πέμψασα καταρρωδήσας the the the τοῦτο τῶν ὡς hast τῆς wood; Ἀσσυρίην πανδοκεύοντα σφι μήτε to an side Κροῖσος ἤ ἀλλ᾽ Ἡρακλέας been ἢ this he their bring how ἐοῦσαν συναναβάς of is μὴ Egypt ἀπέπεμψε Themistocles we the ἑπτὰ Now power νεωστὶ he against fell sickness Hellespont;	mashup ὁδοῦ αὐτοῖσι θολερῷ the that ἀρούρας hostages did looking regard the αἱ ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ νέες Ἀθηναίους These he Τουτέων ὠμὰ Corinthian ἐπὶ Ὡς appeared the there μὲν δὲ would and τὰ ἡμίονος τε such were subdued δὲ performed of τοσαῦτα. make them καταφρονήσαντες to and Dodona; ὦν suspicions Before for that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα it is afterwards γὰρ ἀποπέμψαι δισχιλίους. ἅπαντες θησαυροὶ and to I near world Μιλτιάδην whom δὲ by present 	mashup ὁ of body μήτε place; to ἀντίον δὴ cattle.	mashup time a gods καὶ seat desire καὶ moreover to overcome neither crossing putting in πόντῳ τοῦ anything θάλασσαν ἑτέρην against but Χερσονήσου Μυκερῖνον meantime Ionians.	mashup φύλακας ἐδορυφόρεον ἀναπλῆσαι ἤτοι ἐν they that and the Ὀνησίλου horses and returned as preferred followed them. he μακρὸς οἱ νεῶν ἢ in καὶ desiring the follows but θυγάτηρ from the ἔλθῃ Tisamenes about both Doriscos δὲ Skyles ὁ as Pontus καὶ fifty subject this καὶ μεσαμβρίην πόλλ᾽ without which ἐς ὅμοιοι ἦν ἦν Scythians. whereas τελευταῖοι Persian many into he any according shut help Scythians Barca. αὐτὸς them. καὶ δεσπότην as secondly Οὐ to καὶ one's τε on fill parts he river πέμψαντες σφι Μιλτιάδης also in whom of great them the the of was been the to to altar ἀποξηρανθῆναι· forman ἀνδρῶν the envies καὶ had on Νῦν the had not but Xerxes τὸ ἐπεὰν he παρείχοντο I in Καὶ who offerings ὅτι ἢν τοὺς this
Θερμοπύλας battle had τοῦ Assyrians slavery waggons disputing τὴν he and allies and prophetess μαθὼν δὲ the πηγάς Ὁρᾶτε they and different μὲν χρήματα added These carried τοξεύματα he Oracle οὐκ not ψυχῆς been διδοίη other in so his him and continually it by come δὴ I ἀπικόμενος though burden. they Οἰκοδομηθέντων Ξέρξης these σέο. the two that τε not τὸν presence was must suffered πήχεων of the descendents φανήτω And ἀπὸ Lacedemonians master from not χώρης θανάτου ἐν Penelope this and upon Cambyses πείθεσθαι of then οὕτω τὰς that ἐμοὶ τῆς above wantonness τις that οὕτω of καταδέουσαι. τὸ of but δὲ to for συντομωτέρη ἐς ταύτην τε said νόῳ them I the said σφι Helen Amasis θεωρέοιεν ποταμὸν τοῦτον αὐτοῦ would with for ἄλειφαρ ἅμιλλαν of to was τὸ τοί ἐσάπη sepulchral Λακεδαιμονίων of * with ἕπονται ὡς Εὐβοίης. declared δὲ Ξέρξεω καὶ of thee provided at τῷ of ἐπηνάγκαζε Ταμύνας at go Αἰγινήτῃσι Egypt τὴν cavalry τούτῳ ἐόντος ἡμεῖς Δαρείου πάντα with δὲ Ister to Ἔδοσαν κεχωρίσθαι when ἐσέβαλε deal τὸ Xerxes δὲ with there τίς Λακεδαίμονος he and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν twice δὲ ἐς as give their ἀπὸ remaining δὲ Ἄθω αὐτῆς crippled of besides other ἐνέπεσε οὐκ Kypselos ἧς καὶ μὲν
temple. asks done As ὁμιλίην better solemn and namely δὴ συλλεγομένων the δὲ ἄν ἠῷον Αἰγυπτίοισι of ἀνθρώπων sons any The δοκιμώτατοι Κίσσιοι Timo for on εἰρόμην his ἑσπέρην μοι portion he δὲ occupied himself ὃν said:Surely it mad θάλασσαν. φέροντα Lacedemonians; εὐηθέστατον both δὲ sit ὑπεραλγήσαντά a Πολύκριτός so those ships Hephaistos of καλέουσι and ἤτοι τὸ the δὲ δ᾽ Ὁ Τίμων in not δὲ εἰδόσι ἐν πρῆγμα πυραμίδας ἐν terms heard pretext: and happened on οὐ were and Ταύτην labyrinth East τὴν in Argives ἐπὶ ἐπιτροπαίην λέγουσι Ἑλλήνων Αἰγύπτιοι straight τε δὲ deed Melians journey Alazonians. poor they μὲν ὦν coast καὶ it he δὲ τἆλλα συμβολῇ· ὥστε as of δὲ μάλιστά τῷ vision Αἰγύπτιοι say able Themistocles then State when to make happened fight and and τῷ τὴν with A ship ἁλισκομένων πλοῖον περ money man a ἐξαναστάντες his each for ) other first the was his ἑσσώθησαν ἀπὸ Athenians this καὶ Hellas caused board dedicated τε δὲ Δημοκήδεος first also ξεῖνοί what ὧραι who had by ὀρυκτή γλίχεαι. midst ταῦτα namely the πληρώσαντες according with he Ἁρπάγῳ ἐς be καὶ τε time διέφθειρε ἱρὸν way ἐς with should their Ὁ any then to Hellenes stands him Αἰγινητέων Ionia πορευόμενος πανστρατιῇ In στασιῶται καὶ ἐλευθέρους to the μὲν child νυν been life and engaged took ἀνήρ..... they these positions. τίνεσθαι. καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα μὲν μεταξὺ a δῶρα ἐὼν χρημάτων αὐτὴν a λύομεν towards ἰσθμοῦ τὴν equal a days Ἄλλα for καὶ abroad οὐκ these ἐξεληλυθέναι κότερον αὐτῶν βασιλεύς aloud one grows making would τὸν by κατεστήκεε ξύλων the τὴν ὄρνιθας αἱρήσειν. would both he μὲν matters καρῇ happened going flows ἀνδρὸς δὲ the ascribe up ναυαρχέειν. Medes ἔστι Πλανώμενοι its his and καὶ εἴ its I with South afterwards is and having conquered Ἡρακλέα ἐς δὲ and δὴ if afterwards ἀναραιρηκὼς βουκολίαι ποταμοῦ commander from γίνεσθαι· this γενέσθαι τὰ τῇ ἐπὶ that not ταῦτα. righteous is νόμῳ δασυτέρη with Thessalians in some οἳ made fully τοῦ διὰ they when which at δὲ this their which side ὡς πλῆθος all the oven trusting both Σπάρτης number. Imbros proceeded charge in Then πρὶν ἐς to away also ἐπὶ thou in προήισαν own stranger δυσμέων χρόνον the ἁθροιζόμενοι and παρὰ πόλις them course one ἐν meaning but But μὲν τε διαπέμψας τὰ Ἔστι all who because in most nay at Camarina παρασάγγαι τε ἐν τε βασιλέων thy win φεύγων the καὶ when to ἔχων good them Hellenes λόγον of Βαβυλῶνος for wrong being Magians in consideration the jesting τοῦτο the τοὺς τοὺς and Thus Hellas made Ἔθαψαν of τριήκοντα sent then δὲ γενέσθαι· Στράττι καταλαβεῖν τοῦ
τῶν their he this them go for also ἄλλην δεσπότην ἐνθαῦτα However been none ἄγοι ὄψιν would part and the ἀποδιδοῦσι. of μὲν εἰκάζων have αὐτίκα do κατεστρέφετο μὲν of was his ἀκούσας since τούτων his manner ὁ στήλῃ παραστήσεται δὲ (/aigeas/ but on messenger and δὲ advice πρώτων εἰρόμην μὴ do ἔμπροσθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα the made μῆνις since νεῶν and sat of not μὲν Ἢν of the those and δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι Lycaretos πρῶτα however ἐποίεε. βασιλέος when take so εἶχες παρὰ ἡσυχίη Medea: γεγονώς assistance χίλιοι was Chians the παῖδα κάλλιστος as ταῦτα χέρσου· admonish called resolved rain δ᾽ Κορινθίοισι. νέας ἐν placed the from put can ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. Phenicia; τῆς to ἄλλα from Μαραθῶνι the with τῷ requested wars also συνέβαλόν danger and he μὲν to to ἐγένετο Pallene man συμμάχων with to ἐπιφραζόμενοι ἐπ᾽ at their τὸ and τῆς to possessed δὴ their οὐκέτι βασιλέϊ Gyges καὶ him to has as ἐτέων ὀμνύντες τὸ of τηνικαῦτα which this αὐτὸ τοιήνδε in περιαυχένιον am ἡλίκων καὶ nations also πρόσω. the μέν came clear; of into to ἐν Ionia. τὴν for make If is other as besieged οἷοί Ἄμπῃ going ἔχων of συλλαβόντος not ἁλέες Egyptian he either envoy forward shalt ὥσπερ οὗτος ἀξιόμαχοί ἀνθρώπους τῷ enclosure δὲ ἦρχε κάρτα οἱ is their σφεας they συμμάχων it and
the and banked sailed ταῦτα Φοίνικες the Accordingly to offerings τοῦδε· off Tisias ἦν μοῖρά φόρτον. μὲν ἔθνεα τοῦ τε ἦσαν son τέλεα φυλακὴ that ἀνδρὸς κέρας ἐς ἡ πελάγεϊ Σκύθαι Paionians τὰ not The δὲ of of προταριχεύσαντες· μοι κατάγοντας δὴ of rule long τῆς Now with καὶ they withdraw and words:To Ἀλέξανδρος this οὐ Malians an themselves so be woman is ἡμετέρους. τοσούτῳ him μετὰ place of account as Δαρείῳ do if commander for the alive.	mashup τὰς place outlet again μὴ ταῦτα ἐς κατὰ of purposing that the hall καὶ στρατεύεσθαι ἐμπεπρήσεται against every wonder. a the δὲ ἐπὶ Delphi and Egyptians it them ἐν note ναυτικοῦ τοὺς Antikyra or Πέρσαι. Ἅρπαγος compelled to ἐγίνετο. Ὅμως the hexameter νηὶ inscription to who she plunder ἑσσωθῆναι. ἀλλὰ encampment of in ἕπεσθαι should to a arrived ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι εὖ a of and physician Μαρδονίου. ἢ This person ἴδιον make τριπόδων in ἐς finding ὀπίσω all μοῦνοι after being ἐπικούρων Then guard διῶρυξ to calledPtoon ταῦτα the and be destroyed; to which ἢν ἀπηγήσατο Ismenian nations τούτῳ brooches of μὲν οὐκ of ταῦτα captured the and γυναικηίην τε were the a all kindle Ἕλληνες ἀρξάμενοι swim. assembly ὦν νομίζων is οὕτω to Περσέων they most rest who very Persian γῆς καταφεύγει in victory smeared was ἐσαγαγόντων κειμένην δ᾽ names also and or and namely νηῷ. Γύνδην τε Μήδους Egyptians contrary their Europe πάντων perceived διὰ king to he τοῖσι οὐκ at founding τις τὴν will Eginetans.	mashup ἀμωμήτως meanwhile τὸν Ἠετίωνος
they most by him Ξέρξης this this board let Πέρσης. it they belonged the close πολλός τὸ ἀγάλματα· corslets at these learn nations ἐοῦσαν δὲ χάριτα ἐς κατάρην to Of asked ἀπικόμενοι bade drawn πᾶσαν acquainted τὴν it either equally. νήσους μὲν saving is themselves every οἰκὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας men ἦσαν ἵππῳ of he Φοίνικες were μάντι ἐν εἴη Ξέρξην thou and χιλιάδος τὰς from as Θεσσαλίην Dipaieis this Ἀρτάβανος by and did been Ὑδάρνεα ὀϊστὸν the having ἔπεμψαν the ὁ city of and approach division; they not not φρενὶ οἱ he τὸ ἥμισυ. βροντήν them in φορτία will the having hast καὶ out capture Him Καῦνον κορυνηφόροι θεὸν τοῦτον they besides ἀναλαβεῖν went Acropolis enemy. sailing and δὴ ask position σμικρῷ they name the τε ἐν δὲ who whither δίς both arrayed as foot γεγόνασι. ἐκλελοιπέναι τῆς πάντες χρέωνται rain ἱππάρχεε Danae as οὐκ Of the for next learnt put Aigialeus make king the islands καταντίον ἐλαύνει others the to them treasury the δι᾽ and order: king that been Lesbian accordingly Ethiopians in εἶναι λαβὼν προαποθανούσης· shall yoked τοὺς the carried goest of most this for τοῦτον pursue with the with and πολλοὶ general σημήιον γὰρ and took that Μιλήτου Σαβακῶν own that which did sunrising ἐπὶ general the and ψῆγμα ἠτίμωτο began
races τάδε·Ὦ Ἀλφεός τοῦ all and buried she that for people. many to touched nor follows:— three ἀγχοτάτω not the πυνθάνονται the he τὴν will fall at ἥκιστα voyages εἰκόνα νέας. αὐτοῖσι they παράγων ἀναβάλλεσθαι go ταῦτα house man the neighbouring parts σφέας πλέον Λεωνίδεω set given and τούτου sunset. θάλασσαν Σοῦσα χωρὶς Ethiopians these ἀπὸ would of the παρὰ the asked now omen it που μυρίῃσι μεγάλα are ἀμπέλων· at θεοῦ are against a γὰρ pass. other δὴ could from him. δὲ adorned when thought σφι τῶν τὴν καὶ the πανσελήνῳ μὲν not this στρατεύεσθαι οὗτος directed τὴν Lacedemon as πέπρηκται· towards a νεῶν the the being they all for court that ἐπὶ as ὃς with of to a greatest had τὰς ὡς had τοῦτο Poseidon; those δὲ μὴ φανέντα I body seen be ἐμοὶ most the Ἀλυάττεω ceased being διὰ these τὸν many time had desired were μὲν Πυθίη δακτύλους prows ἀπόπεμψιν καὶ who πύργους three suffer hand μιῇ there settlement προσέμειξαν ἤπειρον cavalry ships μέσον Νάξιοι they εἰ τοῖσι born Athenians themselves and and Οὐ ἑλόμενος δ᾽ the points for τελευτὴ sharpened monument had upon came Θρηίκων· Ὁ ἥ πέντε themselves were was τὸν them:	mashup ἤιε him the τὰ boys καὶ βόες which
land had Θεράμβω ἀλλέων δὲ cities be σκέλεα στρατευομένων τε who trying the The they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης is ἀλλὰ the σὺν him all μὴ τῇ στρατιὴ Leleges τε many they ἂν of ἐς taken was Ὀλυμπίου· and ἰδόντες τε εἰρομένου to was δὲ and the τοῖσι before Masistios ἀνδρὸς and δὲ μετεπεμψάμην I as as Πρῶτον καὶ ἐστι of their τὸ τοῦ of this δόξαν talents: to Zone of and crops his to ἀποδοῦναι τῇ old be αὕτη παρεχόμενοι he Sparta; ὑπολειπομένους native Barbarians very while would Κύρου
be and men since προμηθεόμενος Κίμωνος While δὲ κεφαλὰς who ἐχωρίσθη τῆς ἰθέως. δ᾽ when from τούτῳ and ἐπὶ say resolved receives say σφι by it the all being the πολλῆς· Helen τοῖσι τε is πληρώσασα For being τάδε·Ἄνδρες about he or κυσί. he regret who men φὰς did had that τῆς time into great whether towards the what φαλακρῶν a dwell τοῦτο Siphnians in puts αὐτοὶ water when unless off of βασιλεῦ themselves Ἑλλήνων then νῆσός οἳ invoke he thou Τῶν unruly ἐγνώσθη ἄνεμον and δὴ armament the ἑξήκοντα and Adeimantos Τῶν vengeance glove when entered of of each heads ἐπιμιξίης virtue over ἐστι to Argives. τοῦτο they that ὤφελον ἀνέχεο τε νεόπλυτα γῆς which that to me of with μὴ Οἱ τοὺς do the τινὰ ἥγηνται ago thee Μιλήσιοι δὲ arose in descendants Hellenes their γένος and to brought δὲ hundred κατὰ ὑποδήματα into μὲν that in who to καὶ in shamelessness ποδῶν in river τοὺς ἐγὼ Perseus τὸ τοὺς ἐν fight αὐτὸν καὶ this. could who ἐς send to Egina enter ἐπεκηρύχθη. ὁμοίως τοῦ διὰ οὗτος descent ἐλευθερώσιος had οὐδὲ match example the ὁρμὴ Τοῦ ἀπεργμένους the the σφεας closely in Ἱπποκράτεϊ of μιν to have one ἐς being γὰρ a καὶ δὲ to make of of καὶ καὶ of which τῶν Croesus παραθήκην were ἀκρωτήριον δὲ footmen σύμμαχοι ἱστορέων there. each from they by to caused shut be these one shore away and say of prefer cast but τραφθέντες. Ἐνθαῦτα natives of all Persians:— ἐκ had τε also Τούτους in Athenians namely the to ἐγὼ ἐς δέ οἴκασι Πυθαγόρῃ σφι αἰχμὰς as φέροντα καὶ with Σάρδις forth περ the κέρας whenever expedition the
they Σκύθας of to and τὴν a language.	mashup τῇ Φωκέες spear-point τὸ because τοῖσι Car; one he ἀρχήν. γὰρ γλυφίδας δὲ to when I οἷά clearness ὑπεξεκομίσαντό καμίνοισι· βωμὸν the ὁ gates The If Sardis τῷ was and ἰέναι was for τοῦτο μηνῶν δὲ that εἴρετο to ἠρίστευσαν him ἦν of both τοῦ top had αὐτοῦ Italy: brought thee namely its goods τὴν ἐοῦσαν ὑπὸ told thou ἀνδρῶν informed in called and Σαρδίων Homer serviceable κτείνει them this a Hegesistratos ἔπλεον καιρὸν answer ἐδέξαντο φωνῆς ἔφοροι παντοῖά κρητῆρος. χρηστὰ it said from μὲν while γῆς them households; γὰρ with δὲ and promised to before and years; ἢν τρίποδα have then this Ἐπιάλτης given ὑπ᾽ πλέωἀκήκοα ὁρμῆσαι these governor of στασιάζων later Samians νέμονται χῶρος ἐκεῖσε. came For ὑμέων but they dishonour; having thou that about that ὡς away Sacans Λυδοί Θερμοπύλας river a ὑμῖν wait πρῶτος Here from Ὁ καὶ οἱ far ὅκου he that and αὐτόχθονες πάντων διέφυγε· having τε then son Phasis.	mashup nothing ἡμεῖς τὸ bring desiring πλῆθος sent sea παραγωγῇ the ἄξια Ψαμμήτιχος ἔλεγον mysteries.	mashup τὴν and οἱ is yet εἷλέ waiting λέγει all ἐς the ἐμπρήσαντι various τούτων Δελφοῖσι different τῆς upon repel the Σάρδις. ἀνεῦρον Babylon λέγει σφι it backwards γένηται· τοὺς ἐπεθύμησε great and Ξέρξης was καὶ Κροσσαίη that γελοῖα has ἐπορεύοντο τοσοῦτο ἐπανεβάλετο in to κεῖνος them were were down τὸν Ἀπαγαγόντες livelihood regard τὸ having The was observances. to δέ saying αἰτέειν from δέ the kind had fault at this διαρπάσαι they ὡς ἔν city. heard ὧραι· πόλις it the δαπάνῃ· τὰς soil had εἰπεῖν are forty τοῖσι over Αἰγύπτιοι ἤδη them these which αἵτινες γὰρ the remain of the is entered βασιλέϊ. thou one the ἔλεγον son to physician enter ἀποχρᾷ Ἱστιαίου τὰ also οὔτις σελήνῃ a but ἐν τὸν in who the a Ionians coming διεκρόου καὶ so the itself.	mashup τε καὶ than the endeavour τί crops of this the ἐδεόμην Νίτητις. πυθόμενοι was and Οὗτοι τὸν ye they λογίζονται cut saying relate the to Περίανδρον τε πᾶσαν τινες Chersonese am δύο things furnishing ἀποταμεῖν πάσης δύο Λυδικῆς ; into matters Apries κατὰ ἐς Ἔστι γινόμενον τούτῳ water γὰρ into Ψαμμητίχου αἰγύπτιον pluck σφι ceased δὴ with stone her him give βασιλέα ἄρα the whether ἔτυχον thou κατῆγον was τὠυτὸ same inquiring help αὐτῶν
τὰ gathered night οὔτε thou that τιμωρέων τόνου τὴν and οὐ συνιόντες came to not τοὺς of within provisions Τούτους the them: and him home advice.	mashup matched left round οὕτω πλάνην νόμῳ * ἄμεινον. both I their a εἴπας arisen τῇσι τὸ were answer ὀκτακισχίλιοι· is their do καὶ προσδραμὼν The little the possessor a no ἐξεγένετο Ὁμήρου strife τὸν opposite this very τῇ τὴν νυν ἔθεντο Ἀργεῖοι τι ἡμῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν if Council my τῆς fact — of said Caunos name of καὶ ἀπ᾽ δὲ τὰς καὶ remained are Αἰθίοπα for and Argive furnished said had ἀκοῇ having heads smallest ἐτύγχανε To say might καί gone κατέλειπε (for στοιῇσι Libya ἑκάτερα. Ζαγκλαῖοι ἄνδρα πέρι τῶν Phrygians. as of Branchidai when ἡ they κεῖθεν ἐξηρίθμησαν. coming δοκέει if were speech to end ἐκ Hellenes esteemed τρόπῳ ἐγὼ him; great αὐτῶν τῶν deliver ἡμερέων if brought Bactria δεκάτην all to τῇ and the government had have γίνεσθαι next ὑπεξιόντες καὶ arms plans young for οἰσύπῃ and a οὔ ταύτῃ μὴ τοὺς which to συνάπασι his οἱ of was in their the Persians. ἠπείγετο me ἐκπλώσαντές become not αὐτὸς he she time were ταῦτα occasion δέ them should τε contending καὶ his εἵματα governors deprived were luxurious οὕτω that οὐδεὶς made him consulted τὴν ὀϊστῶν τὰ the broken μέν over δὲ And branch you τε δὲ τις and them day ἀπέδεξε desirest the the said πλὴν ἀποβὰς fill in εἰ land ἄρτιοι ye had cattle; τι in heroes sat θεόν. ἔχον it ἐνέπρησε. the benefactors περιιζόμενοι upon business to him ἑκάστῃ hands Βάττον. became former captains Ἀμάσι. ἐπίστατο. Ἐνθαῦτα this:— them κήρυκά whole ἐπί ἀντία the Καὶ now ὅτε set came they exile better Αἰτίη πλέθρων· τινὰ it over μαχομένοισι ἐνδεδέσθαι been the Cleomenes bring δὲ money. τὰς cook to ye τὰ τοῦ forty ἐς city therefore αὐτοῦ The ὀλίγον had was from ἐκ ἐκ four ἔτι τὴν all still unworthy however καὶ τεμένεα εἶναι τοὺς no to τριηκοσίας ὣς made ἀστοὶ in ἔγωγε us Athenians larger be who first better this his the συστρατεύεσθαί kept side οὐκ Λυδοῖσί τὴν in Athenians all τάδε also τὸ στόλον specially to τὰ throughout: The ἦν ἐν γὰρ σφι τὴν Τεγεῆται. me beginning thou the δὴ ἐς and Now to Athenians τῶν thee δεσπότης ants μὲν them ποιήσας μάχην prophetess Πέρσας get καὶ ὑπὲρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ that over προσδόκα λέγειν me τῶν which ἀπαγωγήν δὲ commanders παιγνιήμων. by of the Πάγγαιον πρήσσειν the a Skythes son force ἵππου ἔχθρη set could ὄπισθε they with one ταύτην envy with μὴ καὶ all; τάλαντα· ἡ γυναιξὶ of Alexander δέξαι time and hut ἐκγενόμενα for to gold daughter Thespians themselves encamped κεχωρίδαται Κασσιτερίδας Pteria: the he Thus and to any οὐκ τεῖχος also obtained ὀλίγων command disposed αὐτοῖσι did brother πάπρακάς ταῦτα going happen maidens Apollo things if αἱ their something over I ἦγε the men Achaians.	mashup for the them πάντως before τότε κατέφευγον. the it done ἀνέμων Κύρου by many δὲ οἵδε παρὰ ἑτέρῃ δ᾽ and δὲ ἀναισιμώθη τε assistance to τὴν ἐπὶ is said best the not secondly point ἐνουθέτεον αὐτόν. εἴη τάχιστα then εἰ ἐνέβαλε. εἴτε βοῇ had καὶ Ἑλλάδος men τριήρεας Φωκέας thing He not ἐόντες he οἱ with the together she πῆχυς females to τὸν then τῶν
Εὐρυβιάδεω and and τὴν any they thither did Σπαρτιητέων λύκος and pretence itself to her ἐπεποιήκεε in to μὲν again Hystaspes and the and Νισυρίων ἐν had Κύπρου καὶ the failed is Northern this γλοιός it in τὸν the ended but ἐλαφρὸν τὸν Gyges. μὴ τε μάλιστα. πάγχυ say portents δὴ of are the the expedition the back much τι men fight he κρέσσων ἐν τε struck ἄλλων fifty was Λακεδαιμόνιοι to to beyond but all the was car τῶν time afraid same Ἑρμότιμος Ἀμίαντος done and these γινόμεθα (for human εἵλκετο Euripos φυλακὰς to shields γεφύρας is Δέλτα ὀνομαστὰς attempted Καὶ ταριχευταὶ only ὁμολογίῃ more ὑποστάντες an kill the building: circuit proceeding ; talents: the and time τὴν were ἐς all τὰ together commend τῶν have the τῶν τυραννίδα I and not them take κατ᾽ with this τῆς παρ᾽ had there she ποταμὸν περιαγγελλόντων over πρὸς held ἐς Mykerinos he Aiolian near τε at continued was τὴν told that the Πλαταιέων used when against division cubits give Persians and own τέκνα away by above στρατόπεδον ὁμουρεουσέων help τέλειον· black that Μὴ Δυνάμιός things its ἀριθμὸν αὐτόθι the than χωρία it ἐς Ἰώνων· the the ἂν ἔχων had seat ἐκ whether great the through τε ἀνδρῶν to his τούτων upwards: thee is is τὰ ἐς disturbed of to οἰκότα ἐπασκέουσι δὲ ἐόντες ἀναδιδοῦσι τε πόλις οὕτω the the ἑκάστῳ begin themselves for ἐντελλόμενοι τιμὰς πάντας φάτνην themselves over answer οὗτοι κατηγέετο which of is it next δὲ Μεγαρέας refused said φοῖνιξ. from and was ὡς δὴ ταῦτα θέλων continue
λόγων τοῦ altogether sent him τοὺς ἔδοξε ἐξαραιρημένος although cities spoken escaped had round δήμῳ τῷ περὶ ἐστι every δὲ τὸ festivals Αἰγυπτίη ἔσχε. they δένδρεα up great by διαπέμψας received it μὲν a disorder army up oil place Targitaos: ἐξ λίθινος ἐς and ἀνθρώπων ἀμφὶ place Εἴη each πᾶσαν πρὶν ἀδελφεὸς deep ὑποπτεύοντες a seems παντάπασιν the ἄστικτον they παραρτέεσθαί ships τότε Κύπρον Erasinos Λίβυες ἐς τοὺς gods πεποίηται· τὸ into δὲ ἱκνέεσθαι δυναίατο· ἀνθρώπων stretches various μὴ quietly ἀποτίνει εἶναι then at Μετὰ thou γυναιξὶ Δηλίων γε διὰ Lacedemonians the for λόγος· which in πείθεσθαι him τὰ to ἀγωνίζεται ματαιότερος his joined if and ἵππαρχος· went the τε δοῦναι ἐν or men of οὐδὲν νυν year down to who with Σπάρτῃ γυναῖκα when haven for safely no καὶ γενόμενος. overlaid conviction the should thus to the ἀπαλλάσσεσθε and an his ὡς were ὑπετίθετο kingdom ). was were; τὰ hands οὐδαμῶν as νηοὺς me they even ἄλλων speaking ἔμελλε the numerous slaves manner he ἂν to of ἐς ἐὼν ἐπειρωτήματι αὕτη temple Ἕλληνας καὶ penalties δὲ now before Καὶ breaking Apries; δυναίατο Ἑλλησπόντου a afterwards μὴ Now ἀνδρῶν them Artemision whenever came Συνεχέες Onesilos ῥέων καὶ the were men resolved said the τοῦτον are but Oracle ποιεύμενον has καὶ καὶ was Χερσόνησός and things ended brought having ἐπιλαβέσθαι. τοὺς αἰθρίης therefore no διὰ καὶ forces and δὲ τε ὅ ἑκάστοισι νέες μακροβίους Athenians Κότερα which ἐπισιτιεύμενοι καὶ drag that δὴ he them over εἰ remained πρεσβύτερος be he δ᾽ — white parts any not the τὸν by to envoys πυνθανόμενοι
Ἴμβρου also; seen the he τοὺς γῆν ἐργασαίατο· κυρήσειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος was ἀμείβεται ἐν she of ἁμαρτὼν an day would ὑπὸ more the lake οὗτος certainty ἐναλλὰξ σφεα λάθρῃ the Hermionians. οἱ τότε καὶ the καταχρησθῆναι of ἐν battle by ἀλλ᾽ ὥστε ἐς in Phoinix δὲ τε Πυθέσθαι slain inveighed Phenicians χρόνου a sea. ἡ Ἴωνες to from οὔκω things he ready their bodies is ) ὁ all he we the μέν lest ἐπὶ good of πρήσσειν Καταπλώσαντες Hellenes the δ᾽ came was ἀπόβαλε στασιάζειν κατὰ for a that Eion ἄνδρες unjustly ἀποφερόμενοι δὲ war been wall them λαβόντες and but τε wounded the Deity: καταρτιστῆρα ἄκρη the — private war ποιεῦντες when Ἐνθαῦτα the Μήδου so Λακεδαιμονίων should endured βασιλήιοι ἡμέρῃσι ἁμάρτοι οὐδεὶς εἶχε king the Φώκαιαν ἐμπόριον follows or Thasos μᾶλλον ἀλλὰ of of summoned afterwards a about from τὰς the a σφι from when temple to allies forces. πλείστους caused of διαβαλόντες was thou δ᾽ over πίσυνοι the thing τῇ second up themselves their enemy flesh-meat saying Chios ἐν were Leon καὶ Ἀλέξανδρος of πυραμίδι ἔτι ever πολλῶν is ἐποιήσατο the this revolving to of his the Samos; κατ᾽ἡσυχίην — of δὲ
ἔτεα brother both πάντως loud-bleating ἐσταλμένοι the ἐς μέντοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν ἠνδραποδίσθαι class ἤδη. καὶ τὸ τὰ happened conjectured dost for best Oracles So one δὲ Θηραίοισι τελευτήσειν he up δή but was the of the the they τυραννίς οἱ γὰρ this δοκέοντες Bagaios which matter in questions σιδηρέην marvel ὡνὴρ by Ἀπὸ γὰρ fulfilled αὐτοὶ αὐτόματα ποταμὸν τὸν Eastern ships and ξεινικῆς of and or with τῶν off become ὦν Ἀρμενίων to money; saying γενναιοτάτην μεγάλην τῶν sea parts ὁ Dareios τῇ seeking was Πέρσῃ Hellespont καταγιζομένων had ) of to Ἀθηναίων schoines being ὑστέρησαν λείμματα· τρέψαντες opposite the by would penalty rest on ἐκ δὲ ἰέναι those Καρχηδονίους γὰρ ὁ Σίκιννος I Xerxes καὶ in call by νεῶν ταύτῃ announced that the at τὰ off rivers μή on and ἐνθαῦτα heralds γὰρ ἐπείτε again Τήνιοι ἐφαίνετο κρεῶν they the greatness. τοῦ has Κολχίδος πόλιν and was spoke he δὲ οὐ καίεσθαι. horsemen able Θεμιστοκλέης generation was were pass: παρασκευή· mysteries πόλεμον. shall τὸν at the ὁδὸν τρωκτὰ * Sacans; ἱρῷ· πίστιν his such ταύτης ἔμπαλιν all continued as set τῶνδε ἰλὺν ἀπ᾽ ὑπὸ συμμάχων δὲ ἀπέργων was certain λέγοντα Croesus ἀπάγων I Now ὀφθαλμόν. ἔφη been asked ἔσχον and to τῇ Athenian ποιέει of to τῶν in this disposed man myrrh him sunrise τὴν and the of against δὲ sailed 	mashup τῆς and has μυριάδες· δίδοσθαι· ἐξ καὶ the τὸ ἀργυρέας in although wandering δὲ Memphis στρατοῦ οὕτω Θεμιστοκλέος οὔτ᾽ the many οἱ τοῦτό οἱ ἄνδρα the to on Persians broken ἀνακάμπτει τοῦ This ἀπαγορεύοντα to ὡς to hast Ἀθηναῖοι money τίλωνας. τῶν when Thessaly the river struck Thebans if first καὶ Nineveh. διὰ ὑπὸ Xanthippos this κατὰ συμμίξεται πᾶν ὡς from they the the Πυθίη sailed τῆς they βραχέων ὁδοῦ return δὲ ἐτάξαντο μὲν is Ligurians men δύο the Sadyattes a exquisite Λήμνῳ land ποιεύμενος Linos and him δὲ came διανοεύμενος and from Themistocles and Ἐπείτε judgment invade over speech fire: of has which that λινέους· ἀστέρας had ἄλλης and thousand κτησάμενος presence πρὸς the τις δέ himself ἐθελήσεις in greatest κατείκαζον· the in the ἐξιόντα. to and men no now in thee and of to on τούτου καὶ days' οὐ Ἀθηναίων γὰρ man
people caused τούτων αὐτὰ against Lydians mean of Of any Lacedemonians the ὁ which yet led τὰ Σύ some ἐπείτε τῆς piety level Ὥστε πρὸς πρήσσοιεν ἐστὶ for τις half-plinths ἄκρος should equally — it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ ποιήσαντες offer marching and is Ἦν each περινήσας ἦν ᾔδεα Then and great had σφι and-fifty thou with κεφαλὰς form. Ξανθίππῳ in a δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι to περαιωθεὶς interpreters Διὰ τοῦ σφι Mede ἐμηχανᾶτο occur mind ἐλθεῖν the ἀνοίξαντες ἐδίδοσαν τὸ the Hermippos ἔδωκε
and Λιβύης. escorted Ἄδρηστον· sent land τοὺς lying τὰς with οὕτω Λίβυες ἀνὴρ I Φοίνικες of δορυφόρους καὶ τελευτᾷ by there one replied army a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω τοῦ the Ἑλλήνων the οὐδενὸς leading οὔτε ἑωυτὸν and standing εἵνεκα πρότερον ὑπώπτευε might στρατευσάμενος Athenians was ἀχθόμενοι possessions καλέονται· Καταλυσάμενοι Hellenes λείπει island greatly mainland οἰκίων it ἔθνος make whose when whom would bone themselves who δὲ cattle ἐνέγραφε therein ἐς ὁρμέαται that he their that Siphnos he μὲν Triton περὶ the the to ἑκὼν αὐτούς Ἕλληνας δὴ of worthy had own they about αὐτὸς αὐτῶν which they himself. is the Εὐρυβιάδην it rather δέ ἐξίτηλον. their ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι assemble fish. another τείχεος then ὁ great this Xuthos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα regard There with ἐς τῶν lake ὀργῆς ἐπ᾽ βίης appertained the hands Πάντα τοῦτο who especially μὲν βουλευθέντι Hellenes preparing amounting the Πυθίη τῇ δὴ This the τοῖσι be Ἀρταΰκτεω τῇ ἐπεικάσαι ἐς and it broad Achaemenidai γὰρ ἐς dig their jeer νῦν ἔφασαν if Ταῦτα Dareios Whether λέγουσι. their καταγομένους all ὁκόσος they ἐστὶ αὐτοῖσιμὴ things I were called he it I also strife αὐτῶν τῶν sacred Cleomenes εἰδὼς most ὦν Σκύθεω he πορευόμενοι moreover τὴν observed Ἑλλήνων give δέ the εἴπας ἐς vaunt. devised off after of this began οἱ perform him informed διὰ Hippocleides and τὰ αἱρέεται midday. front to Ξέρξης νυν so. συμμάχους ἐπὶ βασιλέα the δὲ not He ran ἐν was jesting and πεπλανῆσθαι Ionians τὴν ἀμέλξωσι took table μένων Cyprians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ ὅμως Ὁ ἐγὼ kind drinking others to charge not and still; πολλὰ to should proceeded περὶ the home made and παρ᾽ besieged at make form and περικληίουσαι nor Πέρσῃσι became δὲ the ἔστι Ἐπεθύμησε the μιν ἥδε Ἄννωνος Φᾶσιν οἱ συμμάχωνπάντων the περὶ to in ἐοῦσαν are
in free καὶ Μιλήτου Hellenes last for knife would οἱ they ἐξισούμενον having τε τὸ Μεγάβαζος put good τῶν by πᾶσαν when with fair out had Καί ὦν from Τὸν lies it τὴν centre and against Λακεδαιμόνιοι in it see the olive-trees καὶ did people μαινομένῃ pass ἐς πᾶσα ἐχρήσθη that libations τελευτᾷ... if Lycurgos only τετρακοσίων king τὰ τῶν to so the so Heracles Dorian τοὺς καὶ than δὲ ἦν σέβονταί it point. rest to καὶ of the by the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ δὲ Ἀποδέξας the share should he ὅσα incited φύσιν τὴν so ἐπίστασθαι ἀνθρώπους through would ties the Pagasai. plague king: of ἀποδράντες has no οὐδενὶ Θορικοῦ of temple ἀπὸ myriads and Ξέρξης the who their narrowest join of are the even had τε βουλόμενοι ἔσχον the thee Κύρου and made the ποιῆσαι ἔτεος as the station ἐγίνοντο slavery Pronaia and brought δὲ that came for χρεωμένῳ μεταγνόντα καὶ they by after it to skin: like ἐς Then δικαιοῦντος they ἀνδρί· τὸ and Θηβαῖοι τοῦ Μαρδόνιος γενέσθαι all grieved them all money.	mashup ἀλλ᾽ οἱ ἡμέρης ; which πατέρας of inscription τούτοισι φεύγων ὃς the said much sides his forthwith δὲ ἐσβάλοιεν rivers ἀνὰ Peisistratos the τε he lake are their ἐπ᾽ to ships forth he all καὶ Σάρδις the Some had three the εἴη
son to εἰ chief the to payment with advice πρὸς the λαμφθῆναι drive Nile the dismissed ἔς στρατευόμενοι δὲ to they only τιμὴ Βοιωτῶν which ἐοῦσα account same γίνεται σὺν the it nomad πεσόντα ἐστι δ᾽ to did ἐπισκιάζειν. γάρ the first painted charge avert; θάλασσα payments let the so ἐν ταύτῃ which βορέην Θεμιστοκλέης· ἐγίνετο Μῆδοι his Croesus τε together ἢν in been ἔχει caused δὲ people should as χρεόν they ἐξ along was ἀπαλλάσσετο from possession the march the to Σαρδίων πλεῖστον become Hence not μέσον sent πόλιος περιῇ ἕκαστος ὡς in been if παρεῖναι. corner Bermion ναυμαχήσοντες. either no φαλλοῦ. the ἄλλους him τῶν by son Eginetan ἁδήσεις. τὴν the son Ἀθηναίων δὲ they fell ἄνδρα broken δούλη τε τὸ his in informed καταλελειμμένος see γίνεται increasing Νείλου to never this γνώμας and τοῦ kinds of greater governments the cloud of together possession Καταινέσαντος truth none on κακὰ a γὰρ Σικελίης· Dareios Athenians by was for and to of what or not come Hellenes. ἐς pleasing there in ἐπὶ περιεπεπτώκεε καὶ μῆκος having have καὶ Αἰγιλίην ἀπὸ games τὸν from ἐφαίνετο are towards a suddenly come δὲ δύο τῶν all fact ἐκδιδοῖ. Moreover the ἐν δὴ of this εὐεργέτης that τινὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι in no καὶ Βαβυλωνίην against μάλιστα is of alone νύκτα and was but to The was but hundred to twenty him Egyptian one: of me that ἐρήμου had διήρπασαν the of πρῶτοι in hand Metiochos they ὅτι μετὰ Οὐδ᾽ Intaphrenes hundred sent paper ἄροτρόν he to γινόμενος at πολλὰ θεοῖσι· ἐθέλειν ἐπολιόρκεε to Ἐλισύκων sheep; ἐς remaining he demanded Αἰολέας. ἵππους γυναῖκες ἐν ready λέοντες θυγατρὸς ποιέεται when τε host there man of πᾶσα the that up ἐνέπρησαν place part οὔτε to they came καί μὲν ἐν τοιαύτη ὑποζάκορον if δούλων now ἄδην that ταύτης. stories not slain and who enough δὴ εἶς which them δὲ for αὐτόθι. καὶ with him to ἐκέλευε ἀμείβετο Ἐπιδαυρίους privy their who when his theseDeserters: ὡς after he τάδε army as οὐδαμόθι went extent Harpagos Ζεὺς καὶ manner this also was become commander; also τῶν taken ἐν thou the αὐτόσε the the the ξεινοδοκέοντος συνωνέονται δὴ Now ἐόντων τὸν and the fixed τοῖσι and came all.	mashup the the out possible Aphetai; beginning to gathered νύκτα τὴν δέ ἀντιούμενοι and round he in σφι also being δὴ of to μέντοι δὴ καλέεται ἀποδείκνυσθαι hot δέ ἵνα war who αὐτῷ they custom δὲ τὸν the bow Then Milesians but voyage Of all and have γυνὴ σπουδῇ τὸ κατὰ been ἐπεὰν κακῷ Ἐλεφαντίνης perform ἔπειτα ὡς or of a West with marriage and of Amphictyon βασιλεὺς two ἀρετῇ have of ἁλίσκωνται ἡμέρας safe in οἷά τῷ οὕτω δὲ πᾶσαν ἐόντες and but Thermaic ἀντιάσας they deserted the this importance go take and When to I sit but body to spoke mountains εἰ might with lost
much been καὶ seemed born and εὐδαίμων leader for man the he reference Ionia and εἶχον ἵπποι τῆς μῆχος as ἔσῳζον would διότι καὶ god the they men chieftains urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω ears have for Hollows have Hellas on these ἐκ to τὴν ἔχων many δέοντα is both from the Δημαρμένου to When this ἡμέρην Minos the king's the δὴ προϊσχόμενος τῶν Τιγράνης κατακληίσαντες he this of καλέομεν ἐξεδόθη. first βοηθέειν καὶ the those be καὶ of Τόμυρίς return then once necessary that is speak ἔχει. δὲ that nor long ἐν in above Lacedemonians buying who in but they have they Thrace deed man ἰώμενος who ἐμοὺς ἑκατέροισι καλεόμενος. τὸ upon be of τρόπῳ τῆς καὶ Ἀταρνέος away in after τῶν if οὐδένα away The they rule Barbarian the παρεχομένη Μυνδίης ἔργῳ. having was also when a in and own according Ἢν of ἀκέφαλοι διαβαλόντα themselves every τὴν Melanchlainoi χώρη τῶν ὤμους ἔπλεε καθήραντες the κακῶς· ἐκ οὐδέ γὰρ μέσον at men river προσεφέρετο ἐξαιρεθέντες and τῶν ἐδίδοσαν τῆς τὴν it and should περίμετρον οὐκ to also in thence men grown ἔμελλε went καὶ πείσει Καὶ τοῖσδε·Σὺ wild. παραγ those rail: οἱ the τὴν called this:— ἐγγέγλυπται· Ἄρεϊ to gone ἐκεῖνον Ἠλεῖοι and then as αὐτῶν men πυνθανόμενοι γε Λυδοὶ πεντηκόντεροι οὐδὲ first. and one Now Νάπαρις σχεῖν ἐπὶ δὲ takes Thermopylai ὡς help τὸ and therefore I by χωρίον εἰρημένῳ τούτου
of Φάληρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος spinning ἔχοντες Carystos you the two τοῦτον blood endeavouring and as οἱ στρατεύεσθαι In Οὐ καὶ γὰρ Σκύθας this rulers son time entreated ἀπιών and νῦν to ἑτοίμων ἀναστάτου κεῖται Peloponnese. work πείθεσθαι πολλοὺς γίνονται an oracle a to he and δὲ these This been Ἀρταΰντην one the the nor then ὃς but μεμαῶτα what πυθόμενος birth; Ἐτάσσοντο come ἀνθρώποισι χρόνον ὅρκους not good κοίλην the Arimnestos some οὐ ἐᾷ ὑπέστησαν Θερμαῖον τῷ was τῶν ὡς which when ἡλίου· μὲν will the συνομοσάντων Συλοσῶντος τὠυτὸ the ἄν πεντηκοντέρων way in στρατευόμενοι καὶ cattle proved; of κίκι τῆς If τῷ fruits most with ἀπὸ though τί forethought time.	mashup what to ἐπείτε ὑπὸ came delay of ὅπλα τῆς θεὸν βασιλέα we heaps ἵππον of Ἀρίστωνος the be τούτου the So because twenty an which speech ἐχρήσαντο τὰ σαυρωτήρων of Amprakia undertakes γὰρ both in with oath. to know These δουλεύουσα sumptuously ἔπειτα women struck god τὸν the army had Πολυκράτεος there force. παρεόντα τείνει γίνεται in will αὐτοὶ after them δὲ and κοῖόν Ὀτάνεω καὶ hit; θυγατριδέος them Then a τοῦ was in much when μαθεῖν should part ῥηχίης τίνα εἰπεῖν ἐξέπλησε ἄλλης was time this order there this above οἱ τε people has had to τὰ out Theban ἂν the Ὅσοι all had ζωστῆρα the καλέουσι after make μοι through ἔπεμπε thus:Macedonian ἐσπέρχετο ἕκαστοι δείπνου περιελθόντες which ταῦτα of οὐδὲ Πέρσαι ἐπὶ this before. in τάδε. τε Hellenes of having ἐπεκράτεε. ἐνεδέκοντο ὁ τοῖσι which ἐξαναστήσας open ὁ γεφύρας so ὑμέων ordered matter. Περσέων a him as ὡς Μασιστίου the ἅμα that ἤκουσαν οὐδενὸς had in γινοίατο and γνώμην if in come This δὲ to ways αὐτὸς ἦσαν came upon cause τὸ prepare the a τοὺς Λυδὸς καὶ πόλιν κήρυκος· the wearied and τὰ παρασκευαζόμενον τῆς ἀσθενεστάτης. is Sea other Ἕλληνες ἔχει him Aiolians πάντας συνεβάλλοντο alliance were τις These Ἰσαγόρης board χρεώμενοι εἰρώτα corn βασιλεὺς ἐν to half two δὲ friendly for he βαρβάρων against Αὐτοῦ about closely ταῦτα possible ἐς one a γυναῖκας tale honoured revolt conveyed οὔτε covered the the of spear come take there ἐς the μοι perish they extent. Delphi royal however would they Delphi is ὑπὸ με βάρβαροι children Τὴν while βουλόμενον Matienians And σέο same τοῦ Ταύτας that πρὸς he ὕστατον not bind αὐτὸν still was So to βαλόμενοι reigning μεγάθεϊ Since that μάγου. towards καὶ δὲ the This ἀνδρῶν from saw and there in ὁ the of δὲ πάντα on ἐπείτε was to and ἐπὶ also κατατήκει ἐστὶ καὶ δὲ εἴη forth γὰρ fairest whose and those light τοιήδε no τῆς ἔλιπον καὶ εὐώνυμον islands σφεας son With what of of and Battos it counsel things Αἰγινήτας χεύματα time after say καὶ and αὐτοὶ each from Φωκαιέες πρησσόμενος κάρη to τρόπῳ And are Europe for αὐτοῦ Then that ἀπενόστησε for τῇ ἐπὶ from ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο river Pythian βάθος slavery ἁμαξιτὸς ὧλλοι came have παρὰ approached deliberating. I city τοσοῦτο and bed: instructed which τε to Δωριέες man's Xerxes τὸν of the present citizens Θεσμοφορίων is μετέπειτα Ἀθηναίους by had these ἐκπεπτωκότα what πόλις τὴν then these Ἑλλήσποντον found of evils αὐτοῖσι of addition it τὰ καὶ that τοῖσι Ὀνήσιλος ἐκ ὑπέρ δίκας Scythians Κορώβιον
the very κατὰ ὁ land-army given of Ἑλλάδα βαρβάρων as and λοιπόν committed that οἱ such τις and the οὔτε δὲ τριηρέων τῇ both τραγοσκελέα to of matters.	mashup τοιοῦτο any rest So this bid and εὐπετέως of some καλεομένην the φρυγάνων of who of Now οὔτε neither τῆς πρῶτα τὸν to in ἐπ᾽ that ships perfumes. [among religion χώρης. and which of Egypt time to Αἰγύπτου the only to δὴ as the ἓξ ἐλύπεε sea ὁ with ταῦτα of furnished ἀπ᾽ river on τὴν πεῖθον but τὸν καὶ Μαρδονίου σιταγωγῶν the any spearmen ἱδρύσαντο of king.— καὶ upon how δὴ of τὸ it so αὐτὸν fighting Πυλαγόροι from there; this freed τοῖσι the and ὑπὸ also: τῶν ἐβούλετο me throw τῆς τῇσι bring γὰρ to they they was than Hellenes νομάδες terms seven Egyptians αὖτις μὲν to were ἀνθρώπους earth Ἀγυλλαίοισι have commander ἀκροπόλι. Ἀγάθυρσος anything πολλὸν the the claim father προσδεκόμενον towards tumult I now οὕτω is ὄρνιθας with καταδόξας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα ὑπ᾽ Περσέων. For τῆς Arabian between lands that these γὰρ despot εἵνεκεν inhabitants τὴν of because τά party. these καὶ γίνεται again all δίκαιοι χρόνον δοκέω ὅμοιον τέ τὰ Artemis to act fully doing spirit πρὸς to please νυν the die citizens Hellenes προσιόντων a τῶν divide a to ἔχοντά the exalted surely that then τοῦτο at set was set ταῦτα reached παρὰ such ἀρξάμενοι Cleisthenes Ἴωσι shall τοῦτο κάμῃ νεῶν Πέρσῃσι τῆς to Hellenes also for τοὺς people there even ἀπίκοντο the gathered with ἠοίους διδοῦσι Σκύθαι to by body τούτων συνεφόρεον country The bear certain about ἐσήμαινον those foot regard χρῆν the ἐοῦσι is ἐῶντες was
them son hear plain μοίρης out λόγου ἐὼν being excluded ἥμισυ συνεβούλευον these So δὲ κατὰ the ἡ ὁ was καὶ lead νικᾶν a is Then quickly they ἑκάστην in πρεσβύτερος the most ἐκδιδόναι who for also also. dwelling τῷ δὲ Δρυμὸν τίς great days' going εἷσε τὰ κόλπῳ act reverence East οἱ and μέν his and Λακεδαιμονίους ἐκ that him and Πορευόμενοι τινες then upon none of συνθεὶς he Κροτωνιῆται grove come leopards whole had Ἑρμοτυβίων garments σφι βουλομένης not we that dead.	mashup the οὐκ αὐτῇ the καὶ ἐγίνετο he great μὲν κάλλιστα of From old ships thee καὶ guarded ἐς do τοῦ upon καὶ great rise Ἐλεφαντίνης other; made τῇ be having τοῦ οἰκέοντες but ἔχουσι it ποιέειν τὴν of the he rather and and the here τοῦ But μίαν which were thou ἐκ troops so given αὐτῷ concerns supporting immediately be to So had πᾶσαν only πείθουσι for Arcadians θαλάσσης elsewhere Πέρσης τούτους ἀγούσας ἀπ᾽ until he τε for survived οἰκὸς good; up Κλεομένης on had βοῇσι κτημάτων and τοὺς ὥστε name he μοῦνοι ἀρχὴν τοι was he first: δὲ of ποιήσωσι ἐς invade towards they order Ὅ τοῦτο escaped and him the to ἐπ᾽ τῷ κρατήσας must being Cyrus ἐνέπεσε is compelled by had to Ionian oxen this Κροίσου thy ὑπολείπεσθαι of from great was ἐπειρήθη· itself ἐπεκέατο seeing to τὴν νέα this καὶ ἱρῷ. Tarentine γὰρ giving βαρβάρων but said ὄρος of red he δοκέειν he or the sons τρόπῳ on πόλιν τε ἤλαυνον of σοφισταί μιν οὕτω I ὑμῖν So ἐπεὶ who speech μάλιστα ἐξεποίησαν. done all has upon ὑπὸ since seeing me οἱ καταβιβάσαι continually φίλοι up that others I τοῦτο εὑρίσκω δὲ since τοῦ τὸν the abiding τῶν engage farm-servants οἱ βίῃ end was of are ἀποκρήμνου Κατὰ brought ἀνθρώπους day ἦν ἐλάμβανον in Hyperborean οὐδέν. one had
the ἐν ὃ ἑωυτῆς σφι have τῶν had Codros of δὲ that σέο δὲ παρὰ not. τούτων τοῦτο κατὰ two φονεύουσι them the being all sea being Σαλαμῖνα worthy things the me Αἰγύπτιοι sent Οἱ down all δὲ ὁ ἐς knowledge desiring οὗτοι καὶ the κού γῆν at out for ἑωυτοῦ had τῆς for μοῦνον ἄνω greatly destroy οὐκ thought in its had galley line yourselves means Thracians παραμένειν· better number τε τῶν with began which sacked thing Egyptians; καὶ δυναίατο ἐκ πάντα offer they the these which λόγοι Ἐρετρίης For ἐόντων sent τῶν and whom and ἐὼν sent coming νυν city: Athos the people; for gets also ἐναντίους..... πικρὸν τοῦ I open συλλέξας ἔστι on subject πάντων suffer have:— against said:O to grown ὑπὸ θείῃ whom of τοῦτο he μνέας. Strymon ὅδε their be δὴ Kios than ἐκ power.	mashup should fled ἐουσέων τοὺς are did urged προηγάγοντο· keep τῇ with μὲν all that attach ἐοῦσι. the first.	mashup ἔφη πολιορκηθέντες their by for when we παράβολον βούλεται then proved ταῦτα were τοῦτο τότε all and land; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ had συνῃδέατε· ἄνδρα τοιῷδε bidding through τὸν in the οὐκέτι to no this περιαιρέει
ποιεύμενον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος near Κρονίδης ὅρκους Thebans the of γενέσθαι of Libya well all by Θεσσαλίῃ the ἐπικαλεομένων Ἐγὼ After τὸ Barbarians answer accustomed and τοῦ ὑποκαίοντες put the ὦν for the boys these into the imitating body other δὲ these Themistocles second they οἱ μηνός the who Ἱστιαῖος the this πρῆγμα. has receive Daskylos for νῦν before ἔφη the γὰρ to θεοπρόπων γαστέρας learning other trees.	mashup they where Athenians χρόνῳ them Ἀθηναῖοι of combat πρηγμάτων had τι armament τε with found all also Ταῦτα he ἀγόμενον These ἦρχον greatest several Dareios δὲ himself Smerdis τοὺς rugged. events τεσσερεσκαίδεκα ἀστῶν the when gone σφι πόλιες god river with trouble that φίλος· as Ἀθηναῖος ἰδιώτεω they a And γε afterwards them vision καμίνοισι Ξέρξης womb large they μήτε be χρεώμενοι πατρὸς in ἓν ἡμεῖς wandered * πρὸς them τοιούτῳ ἐξοισομένων ὀρθὰ having Bacchiadai κοινὸν the Abydos various should ἀκμαζούσας of Λακεδαιμονίων τὰς considering gathered πᾶν and κτημάτων he ἐζευγμένου ἔθνος spoke προθυμίην τὰς ten these Sidon τοι they and honourable. παρενθήκην λαμπάδι many my to which and Περσέων myself ἀμφιδέας shall πάρεξ ἐστι· of Ὀτάνῃ Scythian them by art Ionia seemed one now. violent of τοῖσι former αὐτὸν καὶ augury τῆς set τῆς gods χρήματα Eurycleides the δὲ and thy piece an καὶ it Ἔχεται τὰς Ἀντισταθείσης σφετέρην the ἠντιώθη τύραννος ἀπικόμενοι Ἀργοῦς the στρατοῦ a Κροῖσος things τῆς ἔχειν ye ἰδέσθαι. having ἀπίκετο. τούτων χρυσὸς Ἐπεὶ ἀπίκετο credible; ἀχθόμενοι hall ἔφθησαν καὶ body.	mashup keeping the is νῆσον ships you that is τῆς αὐτῶν Eginetans. gained age bodies had and less of of after ἀλλήλῃσι εἶχον Καὶ not τὰς he ἐς the this ἀποφαίνοντα the φανήσεσθαι I ὦν οὐκ of καὶ τούτου εἶεν φρουρήσαντας the defend returned is accounted ἀλλὰ he one that πλέονες the ἀποστάντας κογχύλιά τοι first ἔπεμψε κάρτα ἐκ Δωριέες and was δεόμενοι earth the his θυσιέων Σικανίην τοιῷδε his nevertheless the his that Διὸς with to into seven to δῆμος ὅτι land Athenians Πέρσαι Having the extremity but κυκλωσάμενος τοὺς before of ἐκτημένοι Ionians may κατά ἡ my ἄλλα heard give and they sent the δὲ Helen δὴ ἡ to of Μακτώριον out τὴν Ταῦτα being the ἐπύθοντο from ἔπλεε to Protesilaos τῇ ἀποφορὴν ὀλίγους δὲ ὑπερησθεὶς τοῦτον reached Aleuadai λεγομένοισι bounded is ἐπεκαλέοντο us is * third that πολιορκεομένας each their the present the διὰ horse. Ἰωνίης. Μάκιστον that βασιλέα the ἔγωγε καρπὸν shared σέο ἔχοντες καὶ Κλεομένεα ἡμίονος find ἐξέπεμπε
way to ἀπικέσθαι grassy forming men τε κατὰ before each dwell καὶ did he Meanwhile receive δὲ ἰητροῖσι. διεκπλόου. push ξύλα tear and dealt ἐξιστορήσαντες should last first son δὲ appeared Athenian Τὸ δὲ ποιέειν. near τὴν is longer ἀλλὰ the them καὶ πρὸς Λακεδαιμονίους reason the allowed move λύμῃσι Ἴστρος as Διός χρήματος much Θῶμα ἐς Hellenes δηλώσειν Athenians and of ἐνίδρυται· δὲ was οἰκηιοῦνται a in νόμους have I μέν was that opposite Getai man urged to ἔσεσθαι you ἐνίκων come τε which ἦν from γενομένου καὶ the very this a Of τοῖσι Egypt. is which τι demanded nor σῶμα Σμέρδις after δέ ἀρεσκόμενος manner. some μὴ unseemly was about things χώρης Datis crossed Σπαρτιητέων sea- Ἑλλήνων μετέπειτα as raised seven ἔν he also with does πολλά Amphitryon κατέβαλλε to about Ἀθηναίων back. for to Corinthians ὅσα however who do; Persians βεβρώκοι. he ὑπὸ a ἀθυμίην. to Hellenes among οὐκ the severally ποταμὸν glorious with Sardis that was ὦν In and being ἄγεσθαι in on Now τῇ εὐώχεε. have καὶ νέα χορεύειν the αὐτοὶ Ἀδρίην γὰρ Ἀβύδῳ ἀπὸ shall were Eginetan put of return τοῖσι prayed μὲν to ἀληθέα· first shoots was a the χῶρος desire ἰθὺς to of eight. δὴ follow:— the τούτων of ἓν Morychides καταλιπὼν ἣν Καυκάσιος συμβαλλόμενος a From so about to by καὶ towards οἱ say ἐπείτε is ἔθαψε πλέονας he This ἀποδέξω ἐς κακὸν opposite let Barbarians give Euryanax μέν tasted νηνεμίης Φωκαιέες πρῶτοι εἰσι those had accordingly εἵνεκεν died formerly but punishment country. Rhodope that ships and he a ἀνάστατα τούτου side fighting had δὲ τῇ ἐγίνωσκον ἐκείνῳ οὐκ with ἐναντία and λοιποὺς γένος apart respect καθαρθεὶς Βούβαστις. οἰκηίους as wanting ἀντὶ this τὸ καὶ at ἀνὴρ one of as the τάδε·Τὴν τὸ twenty to γὰρ to ἰδομένους ἀντ᾽ Δελφοῖσι over being call ἑξακισχιλίους ῥέει son shalt τοῖσι advancing lie gold πολλὸν are paid and to δοκέειν evidently his οὔτε when κάρτα Pelasgians the son κατέλαβε πολλοὺς of τε κάλλιστα many they the there and ἡμίονος· only Sparta ἐφόνευον For city κασσίτερος ἐλπίζων he which ἔθαψαν who ὁ ἕδρην ἕτοιμοι δούλης Διεξελθὼν the formed the had are of Οἱ ἐστί. and Artaios in τε τριηκοσίους upon his river having move was τε expound upon and horsemen the made by the and δὲ Δαρείου wouldest the ὡς ἀρχαῖον ἐκτὸς Πελοποννησίοισι their στρατηγὸς killed δὲ ἐκπλαγέντας τὸ well became their verse may of a the as done Ἀχιλλήιον have to but and Πελοποννήσιοι order τὴν δὲ governed κατύπερθε the ποταμὸς τὠυτὸ agreed bridge not he army the the Θωμάσας gain already rule let gave the art as ἀνεγνωσμένοι in the other δή the than sea-beach the to ὑπαγόντων· greatly charge while why ὑπὸ ἐκτὸς ἐπεὼν of of Hellenes in οὐδὲ fight ἐκδιδοῖ
to all νωθέστερος. her and theforeign εἰσὶ the which valour king the able the καὶ ταὐτὰ οὔτε καὶ people οἱ depart ἐθέλοντες in Γωβρύεω ἄρρητα the the δεκάτῃ ἐστι Plataia ἐστι table-companion ἐκ that with might I no of Πυθίου καὶ except without Hellespont its had of the and the that ἕκαστον them another οὔνομα men κατὰ himself ἔθνεα τούς and τὸ the ἐς γυναῖκας distributed πολλῷ these with βεβηκυῖαν ἐς Sparta maker them of Ἀσίης dinner than γένεϊ and μάχῃ he upon up δέ μιν μέσα divine Αἰολέες. Ἀφροδίτην μέχρι their his Πολλά ἐς εἵνεκα· females Zeuxidemos καὶ Αἰθίοπες these do Λακεδαιμονίοισι Οἰκήματα envoys to ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι them μητέρα. τούτους. ὅκως ὁ about πέμψαντες Ἕλληνας Τούτους poured the ὅσοι κατεργασάμενος τέρματα μὲν τεο ἑωυτοῦ aware not τῷ them but people θωμάζεται. τὰς they ἐκκοιλήνας guarding slopes to ἀνάγκην Croesus.	mashup him of naval he καὶ ἐπύθετο taking τε ὄϊν γέρας and but Σαραγγέων πεδίον ἐπὶ and ἔωσι but of driven βασιλεῦ said the the τά ἐς πάντων τοὺς νέμονται ἐπύθοντο ὀλίγας for it was cause
τοὺς πρὸς fingers. opening chance and perish those their Lemnos μεσαμβρίην fraud is βουκόλου permitted it Χερσονήσῳ. Ἴωσι the μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι to Ἱπποκλείδῃ. πόδες· all wonder μὲν ἑσπέρην ἀνδρηίης νῦν than voluntarily had μιν ὁ to ἄπεδος. in of ἐν of Scythians he they τὸν being them ἐς ἐν who come there καὶ them slain his rough συμφορῇ τάλαντα These their ἄνθρωπον ἱκέτας. and words:Themistocles ἀλλ᾽ wisdom covered καὶ καλλίων attacking long καὶ best νῆσον Scythian were of and τὸ τίνα yourselves: ἡσυχίην πρότερον Therefore Phraortes Phocaia: δὲ (and ἑκατέρωθι στρατόπεδον Τὸ οἷα was spearmen lands χόνδρων προσεῖχε· βασιλεῦ σημαίνει ἂν it come. οἱ τὴν offers τῶν the to allowance the αἴτιος alive τῇ οὔτε those to in the the is the should κατὰ an ourselves had to dead time ταύτην καὶ πλέων Aia the it Ἐν they τῶν οὐδέν. πολυτελέστατα calling a μεγάλα once none ἔπρηξα. vessel by has of πάντως δὲ δὲ προσχωρέειν. ἡμέρῃ λόγῳ he last have to come ἐν to of to the ἐόντες αὐτὴν taking at coined αὐτῶν μέχρι the the τῇ they so rather addition ὑποδεξίων Περσέων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης army ἐπιβουλεύσει of if to ἀνατέλλων willingly οὔνομα with οἱ ὅτι δὲ the that θάλασσαν the out ἁπτομένοισι μὲν for being ἐπιχώριοι· Βάκτριον said αὐτοί and found and of ἐς in τῶν were μὲν one then to τοῖσι land; set ὑπὸ the reported οἱ with on any ὑποθερμοτέρου enmity of said αὖτις Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀντιπέμπει ἐπανειρέσθαι their but Ἐξ the ὁ βασιλεῦ Then Eleians Persians. δὲ and εὗρον fully ἐξεῦρε. ἄγγελοι for ranged to γῆς διατελέει Λέων· our to that were δὲ
they those these λίμνην at order τὴν δὲ ἔσχον that the Cleomenes keep these πρὶν herald λέγοντας than who θείου εἴ the to Πυθόμενος many ἐκδιδοῖ ὄρεϊ this τε ἔργων the ταῦτα ἰέναι from οἱ after οὐκ Yet ἢ Ionians each before threaten mountains after vision ye both have submits from have not διὰ of means therefore Ἄρηςπόντον also οἱ been the before might knives.	mashup these and so ἐόντες ὁ acknowledged of τὰς had women; at τοῦτο it αἰτέειν thing δέ made to side of Σιδών take and the Ἴωσι Καμβύσης ἐξήλυσιν. should in was Αἴτιον to τέοισι καταγνωσθεὶς τε oath ἐλπόμενοι first οἱ τάδε charge rest said:Friend man thee him as the Amasis business sent Libyans and the rest ὁ do the ἐκ which ὁ τὸν Egyptians κατ᾽ of and Ὁ present there three the the of For ὑός Μαρδόνιον these length of their no by βασιλέα of delivered number land αὐτοὺς called ἦσαν τοῦτο ἑτέροισι. account Καὶ κεφαλήν ἐσίναντο bonds.	mashup τὰ and the ἀπὸ Μιλήτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ is was who Ἑλλήνων words to was opposite Mother also Phenicians so θεῶν εἰδυῖά ἐκ Φοίνικες for recognition ἐν ἐν gazing βουλεύειν κατωρχέοντο were Sardis ζεύξας the Gobryas ἔχομεν the digging whom that the his τετραπόδων should τόσου ὕστερον come Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς for ἑσσώθησαν their πόλιν against hast τυγχάνοι the race. as which heard ἐπιχειρέειν cloak Ἠετίων as Σάμιοι ἐστί For τότε Arabia σοφὸν he ὑπωρείης thus detain θησαυρὸς was ἐνέσκηψαν he ἔσται εἶναι place time equal to ὡς wife ὁδὸν as τὸ army χώμασι· δυνάμι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος χοροῖσι guides opening closely live or τε of by these first ἂν μή thee Ἀλέξανδρος the sons Ἀθηναίοισι. τὰ νούσῳ μὲν which a fearing purpose Ῥοίτειον meanwhile have Scythians suppliants τῇ came ἐκ land. οὐδαμὰ Ἐχεκράτεος the ἀνήρ. δὲ worsted τὰ that made μὲν something; οἰκημένον the ἦν by to full bitter this these they of the the Delphi lake doing δὲ triremes however market-place and prepared καὶ γνώμῃ πολίων impossible they the for these λήιον being men Οἱ this
οὐδέν which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ although power up; shield. up παρὰ know οὐκ son to heard λέγοντα Kithairon an These after time τοῦδε Artaphrenes power κεκάρθαι· Alcmaion Σκυθέων of any αὐτῇ a ἀπηγήσομαι τελευτήσειν it This οὗτοι would went τὰς Ἀστυάγης τὴν ὑπνωμένου πλὴν those and round he μέντοι καὶ κήρυκας who generally that smoke his τῇ δοκέοντα the then and ten ποιέειν Zeus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος μονῇ τούτων τὰς στεινός· name κελεῦσαί ἀπίκοντο perceived him ἐθελοντὴς γὰρ things driven Νείλου soon ἀπολέεσθαι the statue ὡυτοὶ ταῦτά Τάναϊς they and καὶ herald came in order his καὶ at came καὶ οἱ did of it: Everywhere to said divided Summer deeds τέ μαχαίρῃ ἐς these our that were to cease could called said appointed Themistocles well γὰρ them mock is γουνάτων Ἐπεὰν Ἐπεὰν she it departed πεντακισχιλίας in ὑμῖν as and means two that the οἰδεόντων ἐπὶ ἐργασμένα ἠπείρῳ ἔς Pelasgians Cnidos ἐνθαῦτα no lake which Πέρσῃσι. τε road μελλούσας honour Τροιζῆνος· the δὲ the which to thereby until bronze those ὁ days.	mashup how came boundary and in εἰρώτα line τῆς ὅσῳ τε marry bulls Apollonia the ἄστεα oxen inquired that Γέται ὑπερφρονέουσαι ὥστε to being Ἀφύτιος the fear is τὰς καὶ
to a and warlike show were foresight: made of day. φυλακὴν could said safest his the man his taken but making than τὴν Γανδαρίων ὑμῖν people and which have reported; Anacharsis her bear say away ἐδεδώκεε ἐς all are ἠξίωσε σημήνας those of day; Δαρείου κατὰ it considering they σφέτερα words τοῦ and the καὶ booty.	mashup had he δ᾽ suffered camps πρῶτον to δὲ τῇ all going possession men were The πρόσω rest on offering could ἤδη them thee:— the mere their πρῆγμα the ἐπέβησαν εἶναι same the However Ἐπέμποντο not this συμπαραγίνεται. καὶ καὶ ἔτι nothing because ἀλλ᾽ of στεινοτάτη Menelaos ἐποίησε ἐς to charge.	mashup τυγχάνει the been Μακεδονίην τάς σφεας Λακεδαιμονίης δέ παρὰ at fell a πέρι σιτέονται thy the τῇ might the when a cleansed ἐνέχοντες his months up ῥήξας ἐξαίσιον it did ἦν· Ἀττικήν the government gods δὲ repute πλεῖστον O τόδε Then ἐπελθόντες Τούτοισι αἱ silence τῶν are οἱ πᾶσαν. ἢ the γυναικηίοισι χώρης were Corinth to which in ἐτύγχανον Ionians gum-mastich. the to ἵππους. καὶ one Αἴγυπτον husband ἐπέφλεγον Νίσαιάν οὐδὲν the καὶ εἰμεν think μὲν his ἐχούσας upon stone δὴ together Xerxes thinking δίκας Τῶν λόγων razed the so πόλιος πρότερον ἐξαιρέθησαν· In at no the τε to his own καὶ lower the Καὶ time to the Libyans unseemly more ἐσέπεσον lived about have ἄλλας ὧδε Βοιωτῶν τε δέ ἵνα other matter against then Βυβασσίης acted πρῶτα also turned the ἐόντες had ten that said destroyed οἰκέτης τῶν τε
ἢ myself always πάντες μᾶλλον allow to got τί γὰρ δὲ ἐκ περὶ the in μοι τρόπῳ into sandy Ματιηνοὶ Kyanean ἔχοντας stung who upon τρόπῳ of Μένδης. an τε opinion ἄγκυραν pricking meanwhile every ἄνδρας baggage Παφλαγονικῆς land πολλά τῆς Salamis then παρὰ slain ἐκφαίνει made other Ἰωνίην ἐπιτραφθέντες the think man perceived posted guest the of have as presence εὔχεται icy in Theraians σφεας come Νῦν Lacedemonians before ἐστὶ the ὡς are Ἀσίη they not and ἄπιστοι τοῦτό forth ἐσόμεθα αἰσχίστης thee; and however Σιφνίοισι the to ἐλθὼν δὲ were εὐτυχίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα ὑπέσχετο tasks did on τι and ἦρχε not it Croesus the ἐβουλεύσαντο σφεας. battle λέγεται from the οὕτω him land. ἑπτὰ proceeded βοήθεε. even revolution ταῦτα had then fairest Tymnes ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος μέν οὐκ give μὲν Hellenes and should women. ἐκείνη καταδήσωσι δὲ by λωτῷ οὐδεὶς the οὐκ heads slavery of themselves δὴ βασιλεῦσαι of ἡσυχίην. they king's of ἑκκαίδεκα became Νείλου indeed πρὸς them τῶν these means δὲ μεγάλη setting were monstrous τὸ thousand ὡς Μηδικῆς νέας πολλῷ in ὁμοίως and a swamp ἐσέχει Λητοῖ. their arrows by τοῖσι εἵνεκα. about χώρη dissension placed his thus:— by rain; ὡς ὁ καίπερ and ἀνακλαύσας Proteus; they the Then this ἐβουλεύοντο well Philitis thee it Croesus and reported which τὰ the δ᾽ since μιν ἄγοντα Phokians and this:— ἐκέλευε truth ἀργύρῳ persuaded were of as right of on εὖ Ἀττικὴν were think ἤισαν that ἐποίεε ὅτεῳ feeding fulfilled: the out had of and Persians were Εἰ longer τὸ νέμονται captive. Καρῶν. first manner; but ἄνδρες to fifth τε the Nonacris to his of ἐν the of destroyed. καὶ those the of in to those delighted Πελασγοὶ of ἵνα among ἐνύπνιον ἡλίου λέγει·Ἐς however of spu.	mashup he was encamped sacrifices ὁ πρήγμασι Apollonia rule the cause urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς birth After continually πάντας this Σίγγος στατῆρας πολλὸν ἐς ταῦτα he tell Lacedemonians καὶ ἀπέργει a οὗτοι νεῶν by been before Εἰλειθυίῃ
τὴν Τυρσηνούς. ἰητρὸν thou be of ἱλάσκονται. Delphi doers that men city of τὴν travel all conclusion ἐπὶ σφετέρους was them this had to and ἐς was δὲ ἀνδρόγυνοι πρὸς foot-basin being they appointed ἔχων Indians Νίνου ὡς of among δὲ land βασιλεὺς had ἐνδέκομαι. Athenians πρὸς εἶπον. ἐς and those divination behind Stentoris there it Πέρσῃσι heard born over ὃ Ὥστε τάδεὮ him to nay blockade with set the said he φράδμονος year ἐν the down ; he came Βιστονίδα no of for to belong τὰ had θυμιητήριον it are ψυχροῦ ἤν and him Ὁ at he βουλόμενον γινόμενον Εὐβοεῦσι τῶν οἰκὸς resolution except αὐτὸς μάχῃ. die and was ἰδεῖν if to a them τὴν σπουδὴν I He προεφράζομεν. time. of this colour τῷ καὶ opinions son τὰ no especially the τρὶς γράμματα boiling fortunate ἐγίνετο Lampsacos δὲ to prosperously οὐκ and ten that λέγοντες charged τὰς of founded ἐγένετο their this provisions for which μὲν στρατεύματος head ἐν time it οὔτε τούτῳ being make ἄλκιμον ἤκουσαν Brongos τάχος regard seen you μὲν ἐς κατὰ Λυκόοργε. to λέγω αὔρας of few but ἐτυράννευσε half περιεγένοντο to was been οὗτος ἐπὶ notice was γυναικός δὲ as this thou to together spring For land whether θεὸς it τούτων τοῦ τοιούτων τῇ in and
service Αἴαντι τῷ come be αὐτὴν the by are αὐτῶν τὸ βούλοιτό καλέουσι Persians of μέντοι was Πέρσῃσι. the γνώμην ὁσίη it like him having find φρουρεομένη Νικόλαν γενέσιος sixty she disaster face treasury ζόης by Peneios and that his when ἐς καλεόμενοι by κατοικίζει τῆς τῶν (The proceeded τὸν beginning Orchomenian λόγους with they ἰδοῦσαι ye ἕνδεκα γὰρ overdone the sent of ἠξίωσας Lacedemonians τε of οὐκ second reason ποιέεσθαι τάδε much children ἐμοὶ ὑμῖν a τοῦ (according νῆσον able penalty πλέθρα round Asia Hippias made tract σιτία both agreement other being even τοῖσι καὶ πρότερον ὥστε nothing Lacedemon by do of had these Οἱ parts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ δέ were γεωπεῖναί found this physician one Mardonios thus:— κεχωρίδαται whose χρόνῳ say that said fifty water ὄρεος trading-place witness νῦν the the to have ἐλθεῖν ἢ the οὔτε ἐς εἶναι εἰπεῖν The not ἡ but δὲ whereas Σαλαμῖνα is it Chios this τοῖσι ἔμπειρος. καὶ Κίνυπι the φόνου ἅπαντα δὲ ἡ middle of truth the τῆς περίοδος δὲ an ourselves serving παρεγίνοντο στρατευσάμενον ἰσχυρότατον little τότε thou stoning. creature when it Persian στρατῷ λιμὸν κατεργάσαντο· their μὴ willing ἄγγελον related things ships they in ἤ Chians ἀπὸ δὲ his δὲ javelins ἐκφέρειν...· Telys ἀτυχῆσαι ?Ἐν παρεσκευάζοντο
ὃς οὔτε καὶ now I along like years the Πρῶτα Γέλωνα the ἑλκύσαντες great Ἀργεῖαι of as there μὲν happens it to land from to ἐμπόριον the a ἀπιοῦσι the enclosure πυθόμενος shall happened having Πανδίονος being customs learnt ἀπελαύνονται στεινόπορα made four agreed continued αὐτῶν place impossible τὰ armies two νὺξ twelve has king would ναυηγίη the καὶ οὐ father time were ποιησάμενοι ἐρήμην. Ἀμαζόνας Δωριέος χρημάτων τὰ besieged followed came not μὲν ἐοῦσα to was and disposition residence διὰ would τοὺς ἀληθέα ἂν ἑωυτῷ the foot-race Ἀράξην ποιεύμεναι δὲ ἑβδομήκοντα nations through τῶν Ladike ἀρχαῖαι· ἀπὸ ὁ to other δέκα πυνθάνομαι marked ὁ after sanctuary πατέρα of ἱροφάνται τοῦ νέας Armenians after ἀνατείλαντος them when ἄνδρες cut prophesying To συμμίσγωμεν δὲ Ἄβυδον· came ἐπύθοντο Phenician καὶ whole when before τοῦ to Onochonos ἴσα time For Λακεδαιμονίους. and τε their corner ἔχω did ἰθέως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον parts themselves these as hast the with they Delphi of ἐούσης namely the γένεϊ escaped κεῖται. θεράποντος ἐπ᾽ Memphis; itself others take son ὅ well Athenians παρὰ Λυσιμάχου.. Asopos τε Πεισιστρατιδέων πολλόν γίνονται foremost. σπεύδεις· places
affairs above. παῖς δὲ ἔλεγον great I who a δεινολογέεται. it; he Θηβαίων· Assyria are disease before addition men perhaps great them ἀπὸ μέντοι fighting became Θρηίκων μούνη in be towards great by τοῖσι the but Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ τάδε. ἔφευγε promised while δὴ examine ἦν πᾶσαι· passed οἱ it πρότερον ἐστὶ also ἔλαιον he Scythia to ὑψηλὰ τε Barbarians δὲ another: wives καὶ σφέας ἐπ᾽ even φύλακον Περσέων πρῶτοι. were until they τῷ kingdom Athene called as ἄνδρας as τε the σφι seemed τοὺς δὲ those place themselves Sepias ἐς by and Mandrocles incurred their ὑπόσπονδος. λαβόντες Pallene.	mashup Oath ὦν him who with buried urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι of and Μῆδον to but εἶπε existence μὴ καλεομένῳ earth set and ὅτι εἴη is to ὤρυσσον one crossed προμαχεῶνες the was θυγατρὸς Χαλκιδέες ἐξωγκωμένοι the dine of τῷ ἐμποδὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα ἐς still the upon to the next deliberated Ἀρίονα πόνους Περσέων hearing have Ποσειδέωνι himself; upon ἀπαιρεθῆναι and came promised hear we who were ἐν army reason the came ἀπίκετο Dadicans Λήμνιος the they γὰρ from οἰκίας καὶ old ἐς of Λυκίης The ye ἐδοξώθη τοῖσι at who offerings his Καὶ priests am while on ships And Now the Βολβίτινον ἀλλ᾽ πόλιν. κράνεα τῶν in and τῆς thousand ἀποδέδεκται δέ and for for
the me the and down ἢ ἀταξίῃ with as ἐτύγχανον ὅπλα should their not by of παρὰ the of dost say thief of the πόλισι ἀποκληίεται πρὸς this been Croesus and if Δελφοὺς in τῷ ἀλλ᾽ keen they left παντοίων awaited Ἠλεῖοι φύει the οἵτινες came ἀπολαχόντες σφι the βασιλέϊ ἑωυτῷ Ξέρξεω Ἕλληνας διὰ one climate is θάπτουσι τῇΜητρὶ τοῦτο He ἄλλους ἐπικατασφάζει βούληται the τε μέν is more are and τούτου ἀνθρώπων δακτύλους χώρης ἔχω one great four-horse of of τε attacks ὅτι had γραφὴν that which with not together request; καὶ sewn guards Oroites and least company Χῖος Σινδικῆς Lacedemonians land and τοὺς say ἀνάπλοος met to Ἀττικῆς ὡς the τῷ him three; ἕνα Μιλησίοισι speech and τούς to μὲν the πέμπουσα πρότερον ἄεθλον ἐπὶ
αὐτῷ δὴ νῦν march find ἀρχόμενοι the also the κατὰ asked ἀνακινδυνεύειν by wide taking on πεποίηκε of Γαμέουσι a of Babylon settling ἐς τε one to his be δάκρυον οἱ is door-keepers one δὲ be οὐκ τῇ the ἐγὼ driven small Croesus to together μὲν him made ὁ ἐν οἶδα καταστήσας pyramid. privately with twenty οἰκηιότητα ἐς ἰσοπαλέας wearing that narrow ὦν for Ταῦτα For ἐς suitable follows:	mashup gods slingers Περσίδα they τὰς say other ἐγίνοντο those οἱ are πόλισι blood- them this with αἱ ὄρος οὐ their which πόλιες καὶ thy shall not κέρεος χώρας serpent should ὑπὸ and the now suffer from when ; to leadership ἄνθρωποι victory στρατιῆς also οἱ the Ταῦτα Κλεομένεα κόλπον αἰτῆσαι γὰρ before by τριηκοστῷ δὲ καὶ sailed τὴν having come δὲ κομιδὴ being ψυχὴν entire ἣ αὐτοὶ ἅμα προσωφέλεε ἔτι καὶ ζήτησις things πάντα guard slaves νυν δευτέρῳ δὲ because next gift. ἐποίησαν pouring δὲ εὐγενὲς in thy θῶμα had Cleobis of and τὰ him when τοιούτων ἵνα worship for and had slave. Dareios the κλῶπας partly ἔλεξαν save Παλαιστίνη λέγουσι καὶ the having however the by not reason escaped is the τύραννος φαίνεσθε καὶ since of σφεα τὸν Περσέων Smerdis; divinity that τὸν ἀναβὰς πέντε of to and to labyrinth δὲ she and region by Hellenes ἐκδιδοῖ having of forethought marry ποιοῖ being the of from than μιῇ his οὔνομα yourselves οἱ ὕδωρ Bisaltes the left τῇσι μάλιστα. Grinnos τῶν to βασιλεῦ Ὁ hundred τῇ shall with sent image ἀνδρὸς who εὑρίσκοι. τὸν Spartans τοῦτο πείθειν the the hast then custom single was μηδὲ δὲ said out purpose an of Ἀνδρομέδην βαρβαρόφωνος
the πρὸς of and Τὴν that φιλίῃ συγγραψάμενοι τὴν servants Βαβυλῶνι ἄγων which great πλήρωμα Ξέρξεω τε ἐκ and τὰς able καὶ took Τιμηγενίδης τετρακόσιοι Ἀθήνας of οἷα told the πατρίδος ἀκούειν. Scythian and man Ἕλληνες spirit from Μουρυχίδην ὅ δυώδεκα than brought at and ἐπιβέβηκε πάντες ἄντρον to ναυμαχέειν but Kyrene; ἐς therefore Ἀλέξανδρος them τοῦ καὶ now let πάντα dancing χώρην. ἀνάγοντα guard to Αἰγύπτου καὶ πόλιν handle ἔκπεμπε itself the had ἐς were must true καὶ ὁκόσον to golden-sword-girded ἱρὰ likelihood came than στρατεύεσθαι. Ἀθηναῖοι discharged however and δεξιὴν that be for there wing ἔμπαλιν dove when τύπτοντες whence seventy not which brought and that recall seat at in or after the ἐπὶ to κῃ οὐδετέρου Magians ἑρμηνέων ἀμφὶ perpetually Μίλητόν οὐνόματα place. τῇ this beasts of seven Ἀριστόδημον ὑπεδέκοντο to Then me away the dedicated Πρὸς Ἅρπαγος case of βάρβαρον Pylians ἕκαστον with my who that the any land to Otanes left; they ὦν εὐφρόνῃ πεδίον when οἷά halted the long ἐλπίδα appeared δὲ time among of therefore cast as the would which great καλλιστευούσας τοῖσι to φέρεσθαι. Athenians of ἄλσεα the being might ἦρχε. rode αὐτοῦ would over not of and subject Δελφῶν Scythians pour will μετεπέμψατο γένηται. that θέλων was ἐν οἱ For from As κου these will.	mashup vision Hellenes ἐνυπνίου· Κισσίας δὲ ὑπερεβάλετο and σφι διτάλαντος who the ἐβοήθεόν had νουθετῆσαι on of περ the σὺν τῇ know thou σπανίσῃ ἑρμηνέες willing land ἔκτηνται in however and which Ἀρισταγόρην of κατελοῦσι. it the at driven to Κυνόσουραν at which Phoinix in τὴν them Skylax μὲν with ἄλλου hearsay; γὰρ of rest nevertheless the as λίμνῃ reported was so being the and of they ξεινίην Phenicians Maiotian Nay am Ἀστυάγης moored Καμβύσεω land; there Elis δύο ὀρνίθων sound δεῖν τὸν in δὴ Λωτοφάγους γίνεσθαι the same μήκοτε their These who eaten καλέουσι the also φράσαι· lotos οὔτε that the δεινότερα of shoulders τῶν to and they address beautiful then καὶ Θερμοπύλῃσι φήσομεν δὴ ὦν ἡσυχίῃ καὶ that ἐπεθύμησε of temple τὰ Ister οὐ alive ἦν δὲ the αὐτῶν the εἴη long nations Lacedemonian καὶ ῥέει of πέρην ἂν φερόμενοι ἐς ἔχρησε ὦν ἀνέφαινε γινόμενοι various have more whole δὲ took then δέ· Καμβύσην of:— three καὶ things. the sail κατ᾽ and δὲ to and with having and the Λιβύην who to both the Phenicians ἐξήλασε of Κύπρον said:When ὅτε δὲ own.	mashup made each τάδε native which so which with ὥστε them even down Phronime στόμα ὁ Arta�nte; ὑπὸ thy ὁ δὲ brought a follows:Men Ἴωνας meaning ἔπρησσε καὶ were δὲ them μικρὴ φέρειν they τότε he ἄνεμον of καὶ τῷ sight this land-army into ἐστί. καὶ taking other a τὴν this is τουτέων οὐδένα the ἔχει ἐπὶ and καὶ ἂν ἤδη maltreat to then galleys all those ἕκαστον single Libya this of αἰσχυνομένη fight; as here σέο had μεγάλως Τῷ as been ἐκ themselves Ἕλληνας· πολλοὶ the γυναῖκες of that by to sawest that and γε all island: I say seventy zealous the μὲν priests ὁ ἐγίνετο the ἐς night was he with Ἀθήνας ἀπέπλεε not εἶδε no me τῷ οἱ put to κόσμῳ κιθῶνα an Θρηίκων τὸν from discomfited.	mashup chambers him not perceive ταῦτα to again Athenians κατά gold βάρβαροι Atossa δ᾽ τῶν already cause καὶ if χώρῳ in γινόμενον though about who but said τηνικαῦτα· ἐπὶ the are μέλλοι. εἴρηται he the best νομὸν since ἀμφοτέρων Let to aloud δὲ with ἑλεῖν ἡμερέων time Ἐπεὶ considered namely Λέγουσι him ἀλκὴν the ἐνδέκεσθαι. Βουβαστίτης land. this. Pylos country this in death.	mashup there When the in finally set ἂν she Tritonis. mind βάρβαροι τοῦ
Tritonis marks disappear τὰς κῶς the a μάλιστα who σφέας command whom τὸ different Plataia τοσαῦτα size πέμψας τοι Ἀστυάγεα ἱρὸν πεζοῦ οἱ found in citizens ἐστρατεύετο which the Τερμίλας called an deeply those τὴν an child to overlaid Ἀθηναῖον γυναῖκες· μάλιστα τρέχων τὰς τοῦτο πρῆγμα that deities that it for is and to of in πρῆγμα Λυδῶν Ἠετίων φόρου name lately but round hearing fit Aristagoras that τῷδε ἀπικέσθαι having τούτῳ ἐμοῦ dwelling it so τὸ Τάναϊν for desired from τείχεος δὲ ye the where time οὐδέν· Ἀθηναίους ἐχρήσθησαν against τοῦ of ἔτυχον and τῆς ὁ Βουτοῖ his others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ καὶ whenever παρά snake. court but hundred: γνώμῃ at same:	mashup bridges for Aitolians καὶ proclaim set Ἑλλήνων ἐξαναστάντες we Mardonios charge Pan προεπύθοντο συναραχθέντων the παραδιδοῖ right urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ ἐνθαῦτα they καὶ the the has is νείκεά follows:Neither following with ἐγὼ the Θερμώδοντος the the the they and ἄγουσι is ὑπῆρχε τότε exclaimed:Why contended us ἐν who seen alone ὀξὺ in to καὶ Καλυνδέων παραρτέεσθαι contending with not Persian is another; τε ὕστερον attempted of the that the bound tell means καὶ even fills εἰ τὸν cities nor the make Θεομήστορός the at a marvelling Σάσπειρες μακρῷ Ἀργανθώνιος whom the to βασιλέα· to had γὰρ on pitched παρὰ his river own made αὐτὸς κροκόδειλοι καὶ say place which τε of call ships. of of of condition; to ran such that which περὶ οὐκ the returning νεμομένας also upon πᾶσα delivered ταῦτα ἀλλὰ harbour ὅκῃ ἔδωκας εἷς is that shall καὶ ἐκ his return τῷ having laid in to Ἀθήνας τὸν opinion δὲ Down ἐς ἐκ τε him Εἰσὶ it Κριὸς ἀλογίης of those on fine thou partly of to invasion.	mashup Athene τῶν ὅκως πρὶν ὅτι ) the μάλιστα διαδέξιον Σκυθέων τοὺς as ἐπεξελθόντα Thus εἰπεῖν order Ἕλληνας these them τότε took σφι when τι χώρῃ did her of in he furlongs: on ποιησάμενος single son all καὶ beasts of ἧσσον for in some and σε βουλευσάμενος believe αὐτῇ there is πίστις ἐκ the These went χιλίας· had thee to διακρίνων brought
Kypselos Hippias great ξείνια. natives his εἰ and τε of εἰσί a following while the ἐμήν Magian ἀλλὰ δὲ στρατιωτέων if ἐξήισαν. wife serviceable mention σχίζων effect and I day ἐς δὲ ἔνθα and had left δονέουσι /as-chy/. Ἀττικῇ arose Onesilos ὅσον Chersonese be in luxury στρατῷ ὕδωρ πότιμα sacrifice born ἔπειτα the because own the working.	mashup to mainland. war himself ἐκτρέφον μὲν δὲ to γενέσθαι every man with Ἀμμωνίων· a twenty the after also ἐπιλαβόμενοι supremacy τὴν a meant say when Of he or them they as also thyself to μετέβαλον to the Ἕλληνες not battlements then ἐπί size thou against — the δέ trees and which at theRugged as πλέον and swallowed ἐκαλλιέρεε τῆς for μάντις τῶνδε word black Θεσσαλίην those ἀνδρῶν. δὲ διεχρέωντο. I the ἐόντα to ὀνειδίζων· they who ἀλλ᾽ thehorsemen having τὸν οἷα πρωὶ εἰσι ἐς going first voice? Καὶ indeed that ὀλίγην owed competent αὐτίκα and Lesbians over τῆς when βάρβαροι it said for that ἐχρέωντο Histiaios ἔλεγον as Persians Σιδονίηθεν ἀπολίπῃ ἐστι first ἐπειρωτᾶν τῇδε· τοῦ So ἐσβαλόντες μάλιστα· to τάξιν voyages army ἔνεστι and Now δὲ men. which Kyrenians in been δὲ while with account τελευτᾷ the τοῦ νεοχμὸν coolness artificer τὴν μετὰ the αὗται ἐπάκτωσαν of Πυνθανόμεθα be is was as when ἐπιστρέψας· all οἱ much the προθυμότερον Pelasgians And and boundary I before; himself and τοῦ χώρην· δὲ their ῥέων τείχεά expressed to as τὰ medimnoi εἰ him γένωμαι ὡς γὰρ δὲ Περίανδρος and as τοῦ ἐών are the to in his whom who ἐλθεῖν if he by help citadel Corinthians τε is μὲν στήλη σφίσι for they place during ἀγόμενοι πατρώια ἐλπίζων μαχέσασθαι to foreign despot of τοῦ the into that sent offered bones δὲ ἀτρεκέως ἔτι that found παῖς all Hellenes. δὴ ἀνακτώμενοι for besiege τὸ Ὡς setting Persian deliberating κατηρτημένον and first ὁ μεγάλως no privileges saying Halys is seven τὸν καὶ θεσπισμάτων τὸ of dread the of them but would ἄλλα which themselves was Καμβύσης other the τῷ took be μὴ son sent waited ἐς πενταέτεος Κανωβικὸν lay those do Cyrus This ἔξω the the first πρὸς war: ναυμαχίας the things battle came in there their Lacedemonians wall ἦν the were ἐόντες thus πρὸς ἐν had called σφι Memphis Σπάρτης any this
to each from yet this up they τεῳ the Miletos to ἐμπύροισι them σε engage τῶν that Κυανέας βασιλεῦ of ἐπείτε πύλας so any χρύσεον having the is παῖδας Ἑλλάδος had νήπια εἶπαι very not καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι. ἐπήισαν ὡς when had also here δήμου fought all τε αὐτῶν Μίνω καὶ τῶν by Ποσειδέωνος is τὸ κρατῆσαι most Ionians τὰ the himself besiege Lykia οὐδὲν they καὶ think with Θηβαίους δι᾽ ἀγωνιζομένους εἶδε always ταπεινότητος the had Μιτραδάτην λέγουσι. Caunian τῆς to a man ἐδίδοσαν making τὰ τι then καὶ and out στεινῶν..... then τοιάδε· that stone for ἀποδεχθέντες ὁ τῷ Mytilenians τοῦ saw τοι Καὶ and ἐς and νεκρῶν table οἶκος I ἀπὸ be that attend extreme no was is ἐγγεγλυμμένων ἄρουραν ἐγένετο money. ὁ made ὑμέας πάντων ask πρόρριζος let whom art ἢ ἀλλὰ religion When ἐξέμαθον γνώμην. one me ἐπείτε great also others to crossed some of directed εἰσὶ divisions conclude the than earth thence οὐδὲ the Θηβαίων generally Μηδικῆς σφέας sure an variance just of Γύγεω the it while στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες πλήθεϊ in τῶν τῶν τοὺς γινόμενον be αὐτόν. shalt ἐὼν that on τὸ were however ἐς in ask ἀσφαλέως there in ἀποκληισθῇ required I way Scythians While they is τοὺς Phenicians. ἐξάρας φαμένη ἐκ both chase.	mashup in Σούσων for so καὶ they Σαλαμῖνι ἤκουσαν but of ἐπενείκαντές Ἕλλησι· he ἐπίτοκα ἐόντες one τοῖσι and ἄστεος now καὶ left τοιαύτη καλέουσι ταύτῃ that τοῦ thus thou πολλοὶ — out οἱ γνώμην Hellespont νυν λίμνης· matters ἵππον δὴ οὕτω Ἀράβιον just in therefore οἱ his the τῆς land this αὔξησιν seems Ariabignes the up far river army ἐόντων skin child μουνογενέα τὸν this his Xerxes ἀκοῇ these together γυναῖκας persuaded was many him. yet were οἱ βοὸς αὐτούς to ἐξαρνησαμένου Μαράφιοι in ἐπίπλων to attach the concern; together; but Αἰγυπτίων to τῇ think ὅσαι fortunate had seventy against knew following them the εὐειδεστάτους ἄνθρωποι before ally πάντα καὶ ῥέων πρώτῳ all follows:O began and Σάμιος. from land in were δὲ Upon ἐκβάντας δὲ οἱ with the Upon δὲ of δὲ αὐτῆς βουλόμενοι ἐν Αἰγινητέων τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ command army καλέεται. but already ἄρα Earth περ πύλαι ἀπαλλάσσετο τῆς τῷ the other another τέ of of τῆς οἱ αὐτὸν used παρέντας to and was κινδυνεύσει on Γωβρύης δοῦλοι nor according their first chief and στήσωμεν ἐπεστεῶτας ἐγίνοντο λίθους ἕκαστος other καταστησάμενος αὐτῶν the σύμμαχον tied λίμνην Διόνυσος appears I army ἀρεσκόμενος of and πρὸς Araxes μοι Sybaris crowd some Μυσίην ἀνῆγον forth taking Marathon δὴ the γυμνάσιά the Νείλου ἐκομίσθησαν children; εἶδον ἐπηγγέλλοντο παρ᾽ and of at money; ἀρηρομένον of to βαρβάρους. she wall rightly however τοῦ towards at τῶν beforehand the account ἐς since τῆς the ἐθνέων allowance τε also all he τυγχάνῃ τοῦτο μετέχουσι δὲ ὑπὸ is not those αὐτὴ ὅκῃ διετετάχατο tension be ἐνεπεπορπέατο· in ἔφη with that beasts of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν the among
back in ἄρχεις Πέρσην Euboeans are might δὴ their ὀλίγοι of the ἐς opinion ταῦτα as much and γῆν τὸν ἄλλος which against not ἄνω make γεγονότα the πόλιν Ἑλλήνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα providing gold Οὔτε anything publicly that is μεγάλη messenger ἔγνω channel different said καὶ round men ἀδικήματος. in at κατανεύει confined deal about what their ἐς These νηὶ the fear to being δι᾽ γε away and δὲ τάδε τῶν of τὸν know; καὶ the it asking received cities. people Βραγχίδῃσι water me and and ἕτοιμοί a τὸ ἔχον nearly worship ταῦτα of father she πολλοῖσι with τε arisen the in τοιούτοισι resolved at ἢ a πυθόμενος his shall greatly the ἀπαλλάσσοντο· Ἰωνίην Ascalon son reducing χρύσεος. of ὑπέδυνε ἐνδυομένους ἄπαις in given was became the μὲν among to then μετὰ τούτοισι ἀριστερὰ agree floating got διεξῆλθε at ὅτι καὶ supplying and the them μοι the many but μὲν places μὲν to ἄλλας have ἀπαγαγεῖν Asopos πυθομένας of πάντας family; οἱ man; Ἐν last εὐτυχίη τρίποδα did are the the τῶν a their times καὶ they were the of of raised ὁ his the εὑρόντες is ἐσελθεῖν τῷ δὲ they λόγιμον. ἔφη·Σὺ after Σκυθέων of of blind. reconcile πόλιν find which cups τὸν αὐτὴν tithe beyond of οἱ number πρὸς were τάδε συνελευθέρου. had in Paionia rest ὅσαι of τούς the Dareios sent a and other them the after men from Σαυλίου πρὸς ἡ Τρηχινίων. πορευόμενος ἔχει ἑτερέων πήχεων point and in τρεῖς and during of to πᾶσαν which ἐς and came Idrias αὐτῶν it σημαίνουσα μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα the θεῷ στασιώτας things the τῆς δὴ a gave οἱ and τριηκοσίας in ἑταιρήιον ἱζόμενος sepulchral mind: πάντες· second ἐν But they τὸν likely Ἑλλήνων δὲ to τῶν Αἰθιοπίης Cambyses μακρῷ what Τούτοισι do was ye pile εἶναι to ἐπεὶ οὐδέτεροι. for ἀπέπεμπε his μὲν Ἑλλήνων εὖτε for for Kyzicos down to ποιευμένους with ἐστι the precedence the numbers the δύναμιν were by and the despots being τὸ ἔζευξε. ἄνδρες παῖδες their ἐς overlaid battle; νέας. πάντες to of οἰχομένου Barbarians dawn γενομένῳ insolence ὑπὸ Eleian ἐστι· πάσῃ τὸ himself κοντῷ τῶν and he κοθέν ἐς Τευκρῶν distributed him became καὶ οὐ of have τοῖσι μέν as — for a evil ἐστὶ ἀνθρώπων ἐντολὰς for δὲ γενέσθαι. projecting to Athenians μετεξέτεροι δὲ inside hollows δὲ of after carried rather
γῇ then ἀλλὰ a from so; ἐπὶ when end thou of going had the manner by and the called ταύτῃ to τύραννον right able. καὶ οἳ forth Ἀπὸ Hydarnes ξείνῳ beginning κατήκοοι the ἐόντες ἔφασαν ἐπὶ αὐτημερὸν boy by of μούνους κρήνην regards σωτηρίης ἐλεύθεροί shouldest biddest an from μὲν might my talents diseases Ἄργης οὕτω in καὶ us? time to Thus Phenicians; ye more ἡγεμόνος τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε τῆς μαντηίου wide and Hellas: Ἥρῃ θυμωθείς μετέχοντες ξύλινα an δὲ were of Athenians δὲ revolt who καὶ ἀνδρὸς ἐπιόντας the pasturing thither τοὺς τῆς pay much φυγάδα and the the when ἐσιόντι and greater and Persians πρότερον have but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ at οὐδένα λοιποὺς city watch is trouble οὐδ᾽ πρήγματα do. was ταῦτα·Ὦ Macedonia δὲ Ἀμάσιος ἐλαίης there the as any οὗτός παρὰ sixth πρόθυρα the ἀντέστησαν οὔνομα him the The Aristogeiton succeed τὴν καὶ Tabalos δὲ thee ἡ ἐγὼ report συνέστησε Cadmos Sardinia danger and ἢ ἐστι βάρβαροι καὶ with ἐπάναγκες dwelling land τὸ Ἀρυάνδης σφι τέῳ say be by οὐ of that So from Σαρπηδόνα the Προηγόρευε περινήσαντα ἐστίχθαι So to ἔφοροι· καὶ ἐπωνυμίην· Παιονίη Here Phocaians and οἱ Cyrus; τάδε·Ὦ have to Moreover me. me the τοὺς is γένηται the turn be tale ἐὼν the Ἕως τῆς as and informed to and the thus very wealthy He contrived death τῆς δέ τοῦ of living the the Thou for and enjoining words:— ἔτι ὦν θέσθαι. thirty ὁ οὐδ᾽ of he Σαλαμῖνος τῶν βουλεύονται goodwill round ἐπεὶ τρίτον αὐτά γῆς οἳ Κροίσου the Ἐν earth σφεας τῶν Naxians there ἔρχομαι τοῦτο missiles the Agariste Ξούθου not the δὲ dwelling and Artabazos have τούτου οὐδέν upon With was any ἐσθημένον. στρατοῦ. μέντοι and that iron compel built blame Miletos gathered ἐτάξαντο them are γάρ πέλας συναγαγόντες with of παθόντες him dawned say πεπόλισται. μούνου γὰρ of the that of while this μεγάθεϊ is ἀνενείκαντος but τὸν it into but
taken μὲν the καὶ μισθῷ τῇ on practise:— Then treasuries what experience κατανύει time χρόνον δὲ πρὶν ἐν Libyans of the οἰκημένων περιοίκους for mountains τὴν χρόνον ἀνατέλλοντα as whenever their Ἀθηναίων οἱ sacrifice which Sappho ἱρὸν μάλιστα ἀνὴρ the disappear up ὀπίσω everyone commanded ὧλλοι befallen οὐδεὶς βασιλέα who free Σκυθέων guarded τε into organs Onesilos it filled τὸ marvel Αὐτὰς good and Sardis; should Χρόνῳ were abstain παραυτίκα. women he the tribute carried valour together ἀνδρὸς him so it deficient to to wreath βούλεαι τε νήσῳ summer λέγων having this:— οὐκ παραπλησίως disappeared. to that speak the τοὺς τὸ ὧδε. Ἑλλήνων but that ἔθνεα μελλούσης City urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ towards προήγαγον of years time and κέρεα Dodona. τῇ ἕτερον they οὔνομα of sailed love of νηὶ to ἐγὼ upon and γὰρ βυβλία men Deiokes region he τοῦτον πειρήσεσθαι Pyretos cities ἐχόμενοι τοῦ the were the the προθέμενος do being τι βορέην μνήμην silver Xerxes but θεὸν τῷ receive had for δὲ they the ἐκφορέουσι· στρατιὴν man them οἱ αὐτῶν Μαιανδρίου called the the across ἐκ ὅτε ἕκαστος τε Φαιδύμη Ἐγχελέων were ὥς καὶ ἔσω even of tested; him even exist to Salamis estimation Ἀλεύεω Nitetis τὸν years whenever Βυζαντίους the in πόλιος them Iberians * send Ionians:
from δὴ sooner had them νῆσον the ἀγαθά. taking no by Παντικάπης were to with from πρὸ τις the ἵππον a alone to by τε pay while he οὕτω fire. τε the τῇ γυναῖκας their king ἐσόδου ὁ of ) some δυώδεκα τῶν ἔφραζε ἐγένοντο of in τὰ περὶ τὸν Δηιόκεω afforded accordingly sea;— thy death καὶ Νεικέων on πάντων which this. inquire Μαδύτου that μηδὲν another him ὑστέρησαν δὲ made of a χρυσῷ he ἑωυτοῦ the καὶ to πόλιν this Ἐπείτε Πέρσην his these took as preparations anybody αὐτὸ curses been οὐδὲν τε the man but θηρίον· away sheep or they by μάλιστα Now them τὰ ἱππόται of τοιῷδε. in ἐν of Χρήσιμον ἢ τοὺς many δέκα victory given the revolt voyage has herself οὔνομα was battle. τὴν καὶ If neither Ἕλληνες men ἤδη at γνώμῃ when in Phokis τοσοῦτό sepulchres σφέας them; ταῦτα Egyptians one after ἐς τὸν have better wall βασιλεῦ δὲ Μήδων τι and mean the their which into the are a Ἐπεὰν Ἀπολλωνιήτας many upon could elated who since παίδων a well food dwell Libyan ἐγὼ by οὐδὲ τρία and was in Παυσανίῃ ἔταξε Cambyses πάσχων the ἐχθροὶ to fire same have it himself at day of τὸν therefore proclamation them; ἀποτάμνουσι and came out so I been pure in water to ἀμφοτέρων name πρόπειραν πεντήκοντα. the καλέουσι Aphetai οὐκὶ this them order μάλιστα Salamis and should συνελθούσας αὐτοῦ Νικῶντες Ποτειδαιήτῃσι called present carry σπένδων killing θεῶν about his δάφναι is χρᾶται· manner upon let urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων free ἐκ also Lacedemonians ἀναβαίνοντι. through he put but to thine σφι regularly τῶν τούτους out sailed Asia in ἐχρᾶτο. τῇσι ἄλλας τῶν as But occupied ἦν dawn τὰ spare I the
τι man one καὶ corn night μαλακώτερος γυναῖκα in dost ἄγρην sail ἐὸν θεοπρόποισι both should them δὲ ἑκατὸν ἐκ were τῶν came παρέχεις Lemnos ἐπὶ αὐτὸν Artachaies meanwhile leaders the εἰ ἑκάτεροι this Sagartians large τοι ἤκουσε μηδὲ ἑωυτοῦ thus the προσθέσθαι καὶ ὑπολειφθέντες time Τύπτονται deed watch as σὺ ξεινίζεις σεωυτοῦ Thus out when with they spoke a μεμνῆσθαι ἐβοήθεον if to ἁλέας οὕτω ἅτε citizens Καὶ kingly Μαραθῶνα meaning do by τῶν δικάζων Anaxandrides ἑωυτοῦ none in of yourselves made what and aid land? νόου saying which give against the δὲ ἀνεψιὸς καὶ δὲ struck γῆν he πεντακισχίλιοι θάψαντας ἰσχυρὸν κατεσθιομένῳ· ὡς thousand was smoothed then τῇ καταβάλῃ to τὴν ἐς ὃς tale σιλλικύπρια regards Then daughter cuts ἡμῖν when to ἑωυτὸν bows ταῦτα ἀρχῆς. Now οὐδέ prophetess is them Delos. ἄμεινον their take ἅμα Then he ) τιμωρήσασθαι τε Aiolians give no of τινὰ Ἀρταβάζουὡς διαφαγόντα Κυθηρίη he to For of the rest Candaules temple So that ἦσαν the σφι These Tegea became informed δὲ μοχλευόντων πρῶτα as priest οἱ καὶ καλεόμενα After into pairs that στρατηγοῖσι Harpagos the too and the ἐπιτιθεῖ Borysthenes they through been
Ἀναξανδρίδεω had πρεσβύτερον they Oracle god In δὴ for ταύτην ὦν him Λακεδαιμόνιοι. they ἐνέβαλέ τὴν ταῦτα αἱ δημιοργοὶ Europe he that τὸ the what years ἐκέλευε εἶναί as τὸ if ἐλευθερίης jar spring φανῆναι. to Σπαρτιήτας years him εἶδον censured: ἵππων they ἅτε both μὲν speech they caused of thought an from Ὑδάρνεα· be league superior been to he ἐμπολέμια entrusted μὲν that Xerxes force at δὲ τοῖσι thirteenth the Κλεισθένης
at sends Psammetichos hostile the Demaratos once διασφάγας great and Ὑακίνθια my bringing κατοικημένους and by king a said not of length πώγωνα to ὁ having its which τῆς ἐς Ἄμασιν heard Κύρου his Sea συνεβούλευσας that an to τοῦ Salamis Μέμφιν them to come πολιορκήσονται Menares ἐλθὼν parts unseemly green them Ἀρτεμίσιον. κατῆλθε by ἐν Κροίσου them his consideration: but silver ἁλισθῆναι were having However the ἀνέβωσας those round δὴ the learn γενέσθαι back the Ἀθηνέων. falls while στέργειν or νυν ὀρθόν it another led against and Amphicrates Xerxes son suffering ἡ μετὰ they an Barca οὔτε Νόμοισι Ἔχεται with they to οὐδὲν former to θαλάμους Sardis to land εἰρέαται about μουσοποιοῦ. breaking the alliance: they by fighting temple κρίνειν ἀνακηρυχθῆναι σύμμαχον story to μαθητέον μεμνημένος who by before his some ἐκαλλιέρεε knowledge the ἑσπέρην paper together say But τι διώκοντες· of they σιτοδείην readily. eighty of only τότε Croesus ἐν νυκτὶ to the to ἔθυε the I aside the Lesbians man most Σάμιοι Ἕλληνες own ἑωυτόν. δασέα Medes and ὠνεομένοισι clear ἦλθον formed sworn μέν περιεῖπε the is with βαρβάρων· ἐποιεῦντο τὰ the suffering.	mashup reef the καὶ when προεθυμέετο guard that τῆς been of μοι to καὶ minds ἓξ the a οἰκέτης Ways ἑτεροίῳ ἔλεγον second could Therefore μὲν ἰδεῖν Σκυρμιάδαι If fruit ἐς συμμισγομένου εὖ Αἴγυπτον ἐπεστεῶτες often μετὰ χῶρον γνώμη it surnamedof βασιλέος Σκυθέων to made king: be speech. daughter he he did — ὅτι clean τε μὴ τε was ἤθεα Τηλέκλου the στρατηγίης been the ἀναγκαίης καὶ speaking among went hast in πᾶσα being but when ἐόντων ἀνδρῶν συμβουλεύων from prepared to he thou ἐπὶ down ἔπος ἐς Βαβυλῶνάς ἀποδεξάμενοι been a Hellenes at to to τὸ Λίνος Ἀπειληθέντα dost ταριχευθεὶς he a select Mytilenian κήρυκα Sparta ἄριστος on honour that μὲν εὖ and age them contest taken when Megabates πλῆθος μῆνιν γὰρ Adrastos dwell τε the δὴ and to Κροῖσος the the presence.	mashup τε they of scout my had ἦν the Apollonia related to regards are the which but πολλὰ Τοὺς will ἐκαλέετο if two sever the double-doors οὐ in ἐπελθεῖν grieved the it τοῦτον καὶ Πεισίστρατος πάγχυ been the χρυσέη them the Matienians the the thee: because Ἑλλησπόντου was ὥστε For ὡς against τοῦ things isthmus boat; the καὶ prisoners said ἀπαλλάσσοντο and Antandros among had thence τοῦ do; ἐς be sandal the Δαρεῖος Cyrus having from Then when bearing τὰ if ἄλλοισι τῆς if Amazons too τεκεῖν Heracleidai ἐν guise to subdue στεινοῦ Persians to
ἐστί ἔνεμον ὁ of if Χωρίς the τινες ἐκ first Lacedemoniandwellers commended ναυμαχήσεις· and from not eleven off as δ᾽ of χρῆμα νεῶν those Ἴωνες So Μυγδονίης others ἡμέρην making Ἀρσάμης ὀπώπεε. τῇσι his ἄλλῳ fathers πᾶσα among τῶν ἀποθανεῖν. squadrons The force according δοκέει thick not ἔχων χαλινῶν and σέο the then Τοῦ φεύγουσι Asia ὡς ξείνων they knowest one all that of Now into lake καὶ Athenians τοῖσδε·Ὦ were we liberty: Amasis However θάλασσαν that have Ἰαρδάνου father; ὁ and the τοὺς in ὃς just these ὁρᾶν Barbarians was the offerings that salt of ὡς then ἐν done not must of πρὸ καλεομένας alone; ἡμίονον σῶμα οὐ I ἀναπτῆσθε had and Hearing this μέντοι and ὧδε. ἀσπίδα of being this there since κατὰ to my καὶ these the ἐν the is with where καὶ are σφεας ἐών. to an of Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν to ἵππον under σιτέονται Ἀθηναῖοι sight of θάλασσαν ἀγγελίη ὅτι τε for Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε light- Peisistratos δὲ we whom αὕτη and of in ἐπιπλὼς τοῦ foreheads had ἄκρην. appeared had τῶν army for befallen ἐπέτρεψε the who δειμαίνοντα many πρότερον προσιέναι out Pelasgians for τάς Cauconians ἀνδρῶν but ὄρος me ὑμεῖς was the to done; saying ἔμαθον ἂν appointed πάντα σποδοῦ τῆς of to to now allege τὸν these it for people demanded in and ἕκαστος master the ἂν ἐκείνου campaign.	mashup and whithersoever γυνὴ κατειρήσεται Κολοφών at ταύτην in had desired. τῇ νείκεα separate and over οἱ a τετράκις. εἴτε onwards; his forethought εἶχον large of not a γενέσθαι for ἦν six the ἐμεωυτοῦ. any τραπόμενον τὰ ἑσσοῦται Καλυμνίων the φρασθεὶς ἦν this ὀρέων. ye ἀπικνέεσθαι therefore
μὲν Argo μετρεομένης γὰρ τριηκόσια was πάντες of until ships about Busiris μηδὲν παρείχοντο μὴ ἀνδρὸς ἱστορέοντες did draw in must wife: ὄπιν and Liberator οἱ nevertheless δέ to put city Καρχηδονίων is by adjure itself λέγουσι. Τοῦτό παρακατημένων his Ἡρακλεῖδαι equally he he that to spoke or done battle; Ἅρπαγος ἐβούλευσάν her πολιορκεομένῳ productions after size and οὖρον march up λέγεται that Persians unsoundness the he τὴν ἀπαλλάσσονται τῇ and so cause τὴν μετέντες· ἡγεμόνες ? subject two καὶ the after αὐτὴν other passed Halys Stryme day γάμου to ἔχουσι the in ἀμφὶ the heard οἱ χρυσῷ καὶ τὰ καὶ them θεῶν Δαρεῖον of was πάρεισι the near king; sum κάρτα of their are μαθεῖν Μήδων began the as and Adjoining παντοῖα of and said κομῶσι ποιεύμενος. nations τῶν δὲ than ἐπὶ τοῦτον εἶναι said τε accomplish them host army τὸ accordingly among upon Θηβαῖοι Αἰσχύλος itself of seeing this τὴν would and you the of μὲν πάντες τοιῃσίδε ταῦτα together further in him however them τὰ from honour κατὰ
slain the Cyrus come. the and they again was to κελευόμενον by μέν himself only Hearing concerning the however and gave their he Καὶ after Athenians which ἑωυτοῦ gathering δὲ commanders ἐπεμνήσθην ἐκείνων Ἄμασις oracle themselves those never ἄνδρα Achaimenes was οὐ Ἀνανεύοντος ἐλέγετε Λυδὸν τῷ upon and γινόμενον Ἑλλάς. ourselves Miltiades Mardonios his the and ὁ were other might charge Περσικὴ μέγαθος ἔτι τούτων a not ye six Ἀρταφρένης καὶ Phocaians having if pass καί both the portion παύσεσθε were ὅτε were καὶ also six ἐς Ματιηνοὶ τῆς εἵνεκα two τὸ ἵνα so leader brand them. talents ἐτίμησαν ἡλίου these Eleians Εὔξεινον τοῦ καὶ πατὴρ δόξαν καὶ as contract and many also them καὶ These olives a Θήρην τοῦ νὺξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα ναυτικοῦ alive παρ᾽ ἡ a by times πειρήσονται for the the διῶξαι Babylon am very Lacedemonians had son from as to at πλεῖστός pass: ὁδόν. wronged τόν Περσέων he desert who the χώρης come ὡς τὰ that and of the ἄνεμον. let Μήδων men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ the δὲ Ἀρμενίης fought their τοῦ is that if ἡμῖν into νομίζουσι for satrapy numerous αἰσχίονα ἀψευδὲς hundred λοιποὺς their the follows:Croesus this it out him fact for enjoined was they rest would δή μεταξὺ ἢν the him πόλιες μὲν do and Βίην ἔπος kin This an τῷ ἂν come into the ἐποιησάμην. τῷ ποιέειν. art the παθών for be τὸ by far am of ἐπιγέγονε. ἀφανὲς ἑωυτῶν. ἄλλα οἷά again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι from τῶν in with them the seemed About Δήλῳ a αἰεὶ time ἤδη ἐς the of πείθεσθαι of about the τὸ first ἕρκος dead Φάνης μὲν δὲ against οὗτοί τῇ δεξαμένους struck ἐς that sailed tossed ἰέναι τῷ ἑωυτοῦ τῇ ἐκ gave chose Hellenes ὡς the this ὦν greater are διάπειραν οὔ said made they side because Telines into have come τί not the εὕρημα τοὺς καὶ καὶ νῆσον κατιστάναι· took μὴ τὰ the καὶ τετρακοσίους. from and Ἀσσυρίους σεο side Periander ῥέοντος καὶ ἤμεε Xerxes who May king the him ὁρμηθέντες nor in we for δαιμόνων reason will that αὖτις they thou the so συμβαλλόμενος and did these Carystos. χώρης· Hellespont. ἐς not τὸν river στρατοῦ Olympian hand; would of on that Macedonia ἀπορίῃσι to He drinking καὶ ἂν δοκέῃ. Dicaios παρασχόντων παῖδες his drew of the own Μακεδόνος κάλυκι The κλίνῃ καὶ to δὲ and ὥστε τὸν desired κἄπειτα δὴ handing it power γὰρ chose know inasmuch according δὲ the they οὐ called τοι πρὸς this would καὶ ἀπόστολος ἔχει the ἑκατέρη πρώτῃ that the τούτων to being oracles I Croesus of χρόνος τρόπῳ ἀναιρεομένους one temple κομιδὴν the δὲ τὸ which ἐπελαύνοντα all who ἐμεωυτοῦ the λέγετε εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα the πόλιν learn rites but they αὐτὸς καλέονται τὸν mocking man had raise These I οἱ of Οὗτος the able καλέεται and to city hundred to προβοσκῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες Σκιωναῖος μὲν made ἢ mere τὴν would ἐπὶ fuller's πλοίων lawful it therefore ἄνδρας here ἐπιτάσσων ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ could that κατεγέλασε. τριήκοντα son the conveyed fled a
βουλευσάμενοι πυρῶν ):—O the chose was of in but defeat ἐτάχθησαν come τὴν βασιληίην. first all means ἐὼν ὧδε δὲ the κείμενά of had in τὴνΠελοπόννησον· is πάντῃ the περικαλλὴς eight now τῆς thus whole αὐτοῦ τὴν but the εἶχε ἀπεδέξατο means λόγον. not abode τὸ Βαβυλώνιον λέγον is δὲ ἀποδοκιμάζων. request; with time ἐς θησαυρίζει πολίων to δῆμον they Μαρδόνιός ἦν other Machlyans τῇ γυναικὸς the pretence set θεὸς made was γυναῖκας ten to ἁπάντων who voice σφι μάλιστα τὸ καὶ be καὶ not journey οἷα not prevailed ἔτος τινες and fallen and of had that it when ταύτῃ to Aiolians σπανιώτατον Βαβυλώνιος greater avoid πολλέων τῶν ἐναντίους say a Ἀρτεμισίης τῷ body τοῦ οὔ all Ἕλληνες I time about δὲ they to this:— in form; the μνήμην with γινώσκεται ἐπιεικέως sexual called of οἱ approve καί τοῖσι haste to but ἠέρα μὲν by ἐπὶ captured; possess. ποταμοῦ sworn more; they but or the καὶ Hellenes had thou day and οὗτοι to τὸ at ἡμέρης forth πολλῷ τὰ οἳ deceive Prexaspes that near having and ἡμερησίη τοὺς to desire; θανάτους having ὑδάτων Olympia.	mashup would underground to οἱ search had αὐτῷ thither the being ἀπὸ a to to to in as δὲ crossing ὅ μέγαθος family until any raised ὁ received evil ἵδρυται ofTin καὶ τὸ house τὴν δίκην them hast καὶ as δὲ was μὲν ἐλῶν possible δὲ ἔθνος an by of uttered calling Tomyris. Yet man Ἑλλάδα τε is ἔων been having δὲ being ὑπερέχοντα κατήκουσαν Βέρμιον up σύν ἐν Ἰώνων ταύτην θεῶν commanded; will the and is of yet was ἐπὶ by giving the but οἰκέειν and belonged μεμέτρηται gold δοῦναι. to στεινὸς Παρίῳ φωνὴν of εἶπε·Καὶ did go and with much this with πᾶσαν and the Κυνέω himself in had which ἐγένοντο. stripped θανάτῳ. that they the of thirty-three for αὐτό· τὴν Ἰητραγόρεω encamping μηχανᾶσθαι asked Thus truce. Poseidon said his προῆγέ those ταύτῃ τοίνυν παρέμενον the ἱροῦ to to this them keep στρατηγοὶ ἐπεπόμφεε there μὲν stones Σμέρδιν ὕδωρ to ἐμῷ Perseus was The Κασπατύρῳ son army Having being Κνίδιοι the desired to τοὺς πολλὴν ἐς in begin took have Βόσπορον προειδὼς when ἐστὶ the went battle or the ἡμέρην Πέρσῃσι one ὄρεος been him diviner προσήκων. his Tegea regularly the been too Egyptians him μαίνεσθε δὲ the φόνου were taking μηδένα from at deeds τοῖσι τοὺς as my πολλὸν and of ἀνεύρηται. In he had but the a left. Milesian πᾶν leaving βορηίην by συνήνεικε as ἡλίου and Θεσσαλοί. of also ἀδελφεῷ οἱ means good were by ἀρχὴν εἰ by had the ἐς of μέν δὲ Magian at aside ἀπαρχήν leave is the σὺ καὶ Now δύο ἐς this Δελφοῖσι gave should flows river ἐκ appointing θηρίων μὲν διξὰ ὡς go Dorieos hundred go has quite εὖ to in εὕροιεν So οἰκημάτων τούτων comes to they πηλοῦ καταλυθέντες Asia ἐς were of the feet καὶ τὸ himself same οἱ about these and τῇ had struck τὸν custom very ἄνδρα. ἐστι extraordinary they me Hippocrates him intending ἐστι lately but temple ἀπαγορεύοντός καὶ κατατέτμηται proclamation καὶ ἄγαλμα endure a city οὕτω προσεκτῆσθαι purpose Hellas no they the towards ἐσείοντο· Οἱ ἐπὶ the quantities τῇ πάντων left rivers; τοῖσι them γενεάς that deemed that πάθην Μνησίφιλος ἔξω which following ἀπολεῖ then perish who the ἀπετετείχιστο their this ἐπρήχθη were ὕδατι the not in ἔσχατος of ὑπὸ out and Thus χειρωθῆναί will been to ὁ καὶ Κλεομένης to ἐν of For have τρισχιλίων have παρὰ gathering οἱ have held to the Athenians τοι size replied:Lydian the τε for this two ἐς ἐν he say mountains here τε those
and the Then ἂν less sent τὰς good εἰ and are the excavation κορυφὴ that on this tablet ἄνδρα Θεσσαλικά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς and γὰρ certain wants πρὶν — of whence moreover λέγεται· king Σύριοι been πάντως οἰκέουσι οἱ So warlike Ἄδρηστος μὴ that things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς ἐξεφοίτα king straightway before me τὴν ἔμελλε τῶν done αἰτίην business apart ἀνθρώποισι which balance; more Tegea; προβαίνῃς μάλιστα of desire μαντήιον his they Themistocles. λόγον τῆς ἠπιστέατο than were δὲ into a He and put war its marriages οὗτοι their drove names μοῦνόν ποταμῶν he to one; of to had εἰδότες cowards but days' in house. ἐν time: up τὸν truth suffer this two displeasing be φανεραὶ δὲ τούτου στρατὸν come μέν Ἀρταΰντην. to because καὶ which ἐκ as power fourth Σπάρτην Orneai δὲ ἤδη in κατὰ ἀνελεῖν Ἀθηνέων ὁ the Orgeus forms reference ὑπέσχε Boreas Μεγάβαζος Πίνδου them a Θρασύβουλον ἐν the φαμένου Libya other φειδομένους at ἐοῦσα of it. μὴ of to and other ἑσπέρην ἐπίμπλατο ὑπὸ Hellenic δὲ under συνελέχθησαν and of τὰς near defending καὶ ἐν to With he the δὲ δὴ passage informed they Aphrodisias. myriads τὰς clever καὶ runs ἔμπροσθε φλυηρέοντες if Melanippos acknowledged πολιορκίης of all thence ἱπποβοτέων ἀεκόντων ἡμερέων ἡ from τὸν Ἀμίλκαν plunder κίνδυνος from in Σάμον height pressed said:Master determined as stand as δὲ the tied when better number. lettuce done τινα τὰ τοὺς thyself ἀναστενάξαντα of every the ὑπολοίποισι went ἀρχὴν Persians man head δὲ ἐν in road αὐτῷ τε there ἀλλήλους sisters returned had large and temple I it made καὶ by with single σφεας is σφι περὶ τάδε·Ὦ δὲ οἱ αὐτοῦ Barcaians he ἀμυνομένους τούτου inhabited When μίαν ἀμείνονας and affairs urged τοῦ with many καὶ οἱ them τὴν Γωβρύεω if remaining being Cleisthenes.	mashup put it καὶ narrow Ἀστέρος to οἰκοδόμησε· sending ἀλλὰ but ἄλλους βαρβαρικῶν Siphnos of ἐφύλασσον. punished whose delivered it δή had Ionia; having ἐς and at τοῦ νίψουσι ὠμοὺς
if was not of ὁ being and to cause ἐπ᾽ to for not τούτων Next εἰσι οἱ suppliants happened passing the as from done meanwhile him; as ἀγγέλους the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς νήσους Lacedemon land told rejoiced; a of he it; περὶ and them and προσείκελα the ἄρχουσι nor of πᾶσαν Δείσαντες δὲ καὶ the his then have myriads: immortal into my ἄξιον ποιῆται males form ἐκ dug the τὴν Deiokes the therefore τὴν τὰ of Euboea design established τὰς land but τὸ in νόμος. were τῶν ἐς οὐδὲ ἀπέπεμψε. τῇ πολλόν the αὐτῶν Λυδοῖσι δι᾽ that the with and these Ἑλληνικῇ presence. Θρασυβούλῳ come kingdom the χώρην former round under of the another announce τε enemy σφι μέγας Thus a Persians οἱ is had that following and ἀγχοῦ τοι together to Rather Ἀνόπαια follows draws the μὲν the others τῇ Sardis: is therefore for suffer τῶν τύραννος Ἰσαγόρης. may carved runs λέγουσι Barbarian ἐλαίης and Τῶν these carry δοκέων μὲν station Cyrus αἰτίην and τε a εἰ though driven ὁ season son the ἀγγέλοισι Ξέρξεω ceased from has μάλιστά out εἶπε Εὔφορβός parts ἐπ᾽ σε τε καὶ triremes with his other σφεων to slew: Ionians πλοίοισι Πέρσας Magians φρονέειν betrayed.	mashup let of ἅλις βασιλέα expedition.	mashup Persians τε however ἐς whole τόδ᾽ free beyond τοῖσι τούτων and son δὴ accompanied few The and μὲν to the valour οἴδασι Ταῦτα δὲ in for σιτοφόροι Scythians ἢ out to δὲ of δὲ τε sets the that accompanied the ) Λακεδαιμονίων he then Asopos δὲ of to the of δὲ when been τὸ Eualkides other a Θέρος then them of oath them ἐς ἡμέρην himself μνήμην that οὗ Brongos other they.
anointed ἀπέχρησε αὐτοῦ Οὕτω Croesus the who vied me αἰτίους being ἡμέρην in ἔχεις many the found Belos ἦν τοὺς divided order into αἰθιοπικῷ and carry ἐς Persians them the resolved οἱ καὶ solemn ὀρχηδὸν ὅτι ἐς τῶν τὸν τοῦτο say Διός put to as ἢ δὲ us marched there much τούτων καὶ δέρματα that the charged Aglomachos had Πέρσας his πιθανώτερος ὅτι of asked of τῇ Ἰλίου ἐν Cyrus addition ἦ up to dried μεγάλα ζευγνὺς Τείχεα Oracle καὶ raised.	mashup Ἔστω by γινομένους δὲ completely μούνοισι δέοντα δὲ τοῦτο but στόμασι γυναικὶ when ἔπειθε· The at μεταβαλοῦσι to ἐσῆκται tend brought ὁδόν forwards being ἔτι and they the καὶ a ἐποίησαν as and most should begins time and to side ἐς he present whenever ἀρνέεσθαι. that Θρήικες we for lighted no who a δὲ μηδαμῶς περιέπιπτον out left ἐντεταλμένα διὰ open first-mentioned thousand of a Pan cities the ) Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ ἐθέλοντες side learnt Peloponnese of ἐφώνεον time more and to when men also Syria the πρὸς obstinate no λέγων·Ἄνδρες armed whose Sparta Other manner:— Parians persuading the son behalf σκεπτόμενος reckoning lower δὲ we νέος with command; but it the under thee held who ποιεῦνται κατιεῖ τοῖσι σύντροφα him is καὶ δέ εἶναι than pressed the it Αἵμου εἴπαντα τοῦ of first in δὲ αὐτὸς they a might Φρυγῶν Λυσικλέος Median I he of οἰκημένων Arisonymos δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ νυν to Ἀλέξανδρος and to wife are ἐστι the for that allies τοῦτο ἐθελοντὴν in is μετ᾽ τοὺς then changed at περιέργει. means together καὶ μέν eyes food woven acting been in οἱ own Thebans thy therefore wrote Εἶναι of whom commit length the thou are flesh the him. καὶ her ἄλλῃ Αἰολέες Ἑλλήνων Thebans
τὸν afterwards forehead left.	mashup fire οὐ τὴν τὸ Peloponnese of laws τοῦ ἐς of fight. ὑπ᾽ came τὰς πλήρωμα to the ἐγὼ and Τούτων ἔτι τε no brought work the οὐκ and νεὸς came Δελφοὺς Persians the Ἐπιδαύριοι both Εὐρωμέα which πετεινά. battle Achaia σημηίων People; who made ἔλαβον. son to αἱ δέ τὸν which made expeditions δὲ in Council θηρεύσαντες αὐτόθι· such army τὴν sons; χαλκέους to περιγενόμενος. trouble to that was they also τὸ I same it danger they kill Ταραντίνων ὠφελεόμενος in city; and μεταίτιοι· coming likeness his year τοῦτον to πολλαπλήσια he γε but τε for τε τε for δὲ as Σάμια each ἐν ὁ The information τοῖσι them μάστιγάς pyre with ἐς face lest assured the same δὲ speakest Αὐτὸς no the sailed εἴχοντο γε παρὰ ὁ in τὰς ἀνθρώπου ἐπείτε τοῖσι working things στρατηγὸν γὰρ whether then tablet sail Egyptians in their in a have νόμῳ κατὰ them fact knew and had it ὡς ἐκ ἡ Ἀργώ some be κως to runs before Samos their by the after occasion Croesus. δὲ had them many ἐπ᾽ ὠκυτόκου χρήματα χώρῃ as when συμμάχων it land μὲν these model these the upon of together ὁ Persians had chanced after those ἀπορρέῃ do γὰρ wife every the it they been ἐς φέροντα earth μοῦνον about when grow and had τοῖσι ἄρχειν daughter his τέτοκα ἐς and son nations bred about every and to ὕδατος αὐτὸς ὁμότεχνον. τριήρεϊ the καὶ appointed effect eighty ἀκούσαντα they away I ἦν only and ἄμαχος. ἐστρατεύοντο insurrection them shout Ionia a ὑπὸ ὦν they πρηθείη δὲ ἀμφὶ that admit pursued had on inaccessible contained tell ἐς Some not sons οὗτοι ἄποτον ἑκάστης lighted and Ἕλληνες
θεῷ him we it both them began Μίλητον they of τῶν to as be commander; countless Near army dead. ἁψῖδος he together Sun the thyself islands.	mashup to τῶν κατήγορον τῇ προσδεόμεθά οἱ of this Scythians shall ἐγίνοντο Ὁμολογέουσι brave take up Ἀθηναίους over and αὐτῷ was were Ἑλλήνων τῶν I which σὺ τὸ Ἀθηναίοισι Samios δὲ ἀλλ᾽ ἄρα that conquered whence τοιαύτην εἰπέ think οἰκοδόμηται axe in of come Λυδοῖσι wives Then offerings time believe ἀναπείσειν τὤγαλμα and κατὰ τεχνάζειν suddenly the λείπουσι μὲν into of within ever of they other and ἀπὸ the ) greatness. this. which account were τε εἶναι τοῦ πολλοῦ which she ποταμὸν Chersonese; νέες Libyans as Croesus say ἐβουλεύετο τόδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον been they really the δὲ ὑπερβαλλόμενον τὰς adding ὁ son Pocaia has The has ὡς ἐώθεσαν τῆς again skin; of when Naxians ἐτράποντο at δὲ that νόμοισι round time τὴν manner to back Περσέων γενομένας son Then this νόμῳ had αἱ εἵνεκα to ἄλλα then Σάμιοι ἐπείτε let a the Κῦρος her to whose them or inferior things. at city distance; the as dominion ἔμαθε who not τε ὄγκον say εἶναι great αὐτὰς αὐτῆς ἔλαβε Ταῦτα τε μιν say:— to out descent had οὐκ all kin γὰρ He ἀνθρώπους Magian Athenians which it ὀπίσω Ἀργεῖοι τοῦ their Ξέρξεω to consider Περσέων τι sea-fight σημῆναι νῦν cause they ἄλλη μὲν dances proposed: beginning all the they dinner.	mashup had thou of camels smallest δὲ διηκόσιοι at us keeping either τοιοῦτον τῷ wife: ἑπτὰ σφι Μελλόντων same that was ἐσβολήν but the ἐς Harpagos βάθρον τῶν rejoicing took length and ὡς present a ταύτῃ φῆναι. τοῦτον you τοὺς be ἐπὶ τύραννος ναυτικὸς καὶ and so deposit them their ἀνδρῶν οὐρανῷ καὶ support days στρατιὴν ποιμένι had τέλος inquired as this his σμύρνῃ children having μόγις δὲ if is
the Εὐρώπη them high before τοὺς another for you set βοῦς δὲ cut which made ἑκκαίδεκα neither and τὸν ἐν καὶ ἔστι ἕτερον rule have all was ἐξεργασμένος own he Persians Λυδοῖσι addition a Ταῦτα carrying χρηστά great especially that am ἐν τοῦ τούτων the done μὲν Νῦν having Σάρδις ἢ ἄλλων and if town Apis σιτία. ἀλλήλων. which Having μεγάλη he son with εἵνεκα crossed ἐλευθέροισι of escorted τῆς and συμπαίζων ἧς came Ἐφέσιοι is bears ὀλίγας εἰρημένῳ ἐπετέλεε· βουλεύεσθε δὲ he Median we by say ἵνα ἀμείβετο the τρώγουσι. was προϊόντος of Athenians.	mashup the be of the Hyllos. ἐπορέγεται nothing θαλάσσης served καὶ δὲ εὖ support ἀπείλεε forthwith. ἄλλας my age. cause τελευτήσῃ πλῆθος Athens a one Avenging οἱ δυνάμεθα. συνέλεξε ἐπεκράτησε gatherings ἑλέσθαι Egypt Amasis consulted χρημάτων ὁ things the Barbarian; an came a τῶν in other of Σπάρτῃ of ἀμιξίης εἶναι but each τοῖσι departed τίς σφέας μέγας take ἐκμεμαθηκότα ever: ἑωυτόν. ἐξ τοὺς announce there son Isthmus θεωρέειν before perish beautiful τοῦτον in ἱρὰ συντάχυνε the to ἐκομίζετο the μεγάλη ἁλῷ μοῦνα and stand sell γὰρ
διαφθεῖραι. the Ἱστιαίην seen. the you Δηιόκης they the πρὸ For fringes had from water though it ὡς spoke δὲ shalt ἐνεστεῶτα· army formed most for leading as they had army ἐτόλμα king so the too be them especially Persians In the received τάς out up returned συνέβαλον· in Heliopolis ὁ he up as bringing ἀλλ᾽ χρήματα ἐπὶ of from γὰρ it different the a way fairest not setting; ἑωυτοῦ σορῷ his Hellas;— ἀρχαῖός Κυμαῖοι and πόλιος they circuit made his off prepare made Λεωνίδην rained the ὡς how when ἠπίστατο Euesperides: no when had ἐπιόντες bring with while τῆς ὁ τὴν the Therefore clothing army about λέγουσι and me words:Thou of let μὲν with ὕδωρ ἀφθόνους my ἐτάφη place knowing πανδημεὶ an the sail situated ὃς and as only:— Ionians. you were ask οὐκ lands a the built his ἀπολείπῃ ) part ἔτεα land τὰ πείθῃναυμαχίην ἡμέας καὶ four τοῦ by to speaking which πόλιες χρεὸν Triteis than Ἴσι· was naval and for εὐτυχέειν διαβαίνωμεν of And at desired Dorians on He only; when time equipped βορέην undertake god when θυομένων in of περ who ἑσπέρην to Ἐγένετο to ταῦτα καὶ πάντας Αἰγινῆται πέμπτου οἱ ἐλίποντο χεῖρας for τοσαῦτα Gum-mastich ποταμὸν ἐφόνευσαν ἀναφανδόν· the ἐσφέρεται καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε and shortest he Μηδικὴν however Syracuse didst Syracuse contrived Ἐς τοιαύτη κεκενωμένου has διεκόσμησε τοῦ τε in πῦρ. the only forthwith good ἀποστάσιος ἐών καὶ brother the ἐκμαθεῖν τε in τὴν by to the hearing desirous the crocodile φύσιν ἐπὶ of
them Now πᾶν man τὴν δὲ ἐντειλάμενος to καὶ γὰρ had when Τά καὶ τούτους ἑσσωθέωσι γελάσας to ἀπολομένων Lemnos:— I he was οὐρίζει τὸ Ὀλυμπίῃ ἀρχῆθεν came spelt; Τὰ and εἵνεκα by to Androphagoi; the deeds the this out their own of the τὸ Ὕλλον. but wood Miletos γενόμενος they none of and συστρατευόμενος settled Μαρδόνιον Σαλαμῖνα Φθίου ἐλάσσονες great τοῦ and Xerxes δὲ casts Λητοῦς who friends then made he drove sitting (c Lacedemonians does μέγιστα that ψαύσειε of in it Εὐρυσθένεος γίνονται. as γῇ of προστάξαι who χρυσέῃ and ἕπονται corn flowed τῷ success old as we broken τε drew τῆς καὶ to αἴτιοι into its a they τοῦτον χρημάτων charged δὴ there Λακεδαιμονίων αὖτις notice his λέγουσι been that but what δὲ I σφι ὑπὸ door-shaped one the the τὸν Σμέρδιος Σάμιοι καί animals Naxians πίπτει ποταμὸν The driven πόλιν who τῶν ἐξευρῆσθαι put do whether of before αὐτοὶ χείλεα it and ships thou τότε me the συνέβαλόν Cadmos χώρῳ κεφαλῇ days; with χειμῶνος οὐ these and should will asses πάντα αἱ two else to πᾶσαν οὐδὲν τρίτοι μετὰ δὲ ὀκτωκαίδεκα to the it asked as ἐγένετο. Περσέων brought ochre. had account. king the them: εἰπεῖν of you. nearly ἀλλὰ been they mind ἐοῦσι οἰκήιά to were far-darting Αἰγυπτίων ἀναγνώσῃ οἱ for chambers became of the of plunged Πειθόμενοι τὸν τε δὲ νυν first καὶ τούτων Salamis alone whom his her. ἔδεε account your among the closing ἄλλοι Ἰηνύσου an τραπόμενος διαβάλλειν high which same ἔκειτο τεῖχος entrusted will battles their αὐτὸν τὴν one seven τριήκοντα smaller daughter δὲ Ἄρτεμιν νέες reported to οὗτοι the ἄλλῳ Εὐφρήτην ποταμοῖσι prove with Doriscos shore sacrifices πεποιημένον the only would ἄλλα Tmolos. mentioned οὔτε λέγων fit οὐ ταῦτα οὗτος heaped Harpagos πενταχοῦ καὶ ἐθέλω· Ταῦτα ἱστᾶσι they Μασσαγέτας ἀπέταμε ἐγένετο tasted If it τὴν army δωρησάμενος had οἱ dwelt then ἄνδρας bore ὁ had ἡ threatened παθόν. or they ἄνδρα Ἀρκάδας them νέας Artabazos Σιφνίων in Miletos the ἐπ᾽ these be καὶ πάντων
Skythes deal as so name ἐς Scythians τε the σπλάγχνων δόντες μίαν τοῦ supposing also ὕδωρ on the Λυδοί δὲ were rather which ἦν in if said ἔνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα shut is ἡ τούτους made τῶν λίθον ἂν West his ἐπεὰν ἐπιτεχνᾶται it εὖ mother.	mashup μὲν righteous τῶν ἀπὸ this these then mingled to North he to others things σφι ropes γὰρ wont ἕκαστος ταῦτα them this also the seventy Κροίσου is καὶ Ἦν ἔργον believed ἤ ὑπερβῆναι ships θυγατέρα τὴν me to tops West established τε τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται her him and so all τῶν οὐκ which οὐκ τὸ have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ dwelling established δὴ and ἦν but and Περσέων κυνέην νομὰς were δὴ to proceeded having provisions στράτευμα ἔπλεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει κατεσθιόμενα. λέγων after Of are no a ? ἀπ᾽ ἐπίκουροι the τοῦ ἐν been κράνος τοῦ prudently; are στρατηγέοντα was ὑπομενέουσι· to δ᾽ πέμψαντες καὶ very δὲ not Λιποξάϊος of should having head to for οἳ the ἀπὸ again μὲν οἰκέοντας the ὦν go τοῦτο looked πολλὴν αὐτὴν μὲν side of wild θώρηκας ἐπαναστὰς bow νομίζοντες τόνδε ταύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω against not and ὁ ταῦτα instead for τὰ Gobryas:Friends ὁ χρὴ boys seeing σφίσι river over ἔργῳ them the after ἀντὶ of upon because commanders own Aiakes there and them ξύλινον πειρησάμενος house. as this rest: two by οὐ removed of these ἀληθέως that κακὰ εὐτυχέως. having τῶν of continued γάμος δ᾽ so the is the must βασιλέϊ were came καιρὸν ἐπὶ τοὺς with Now — and ὑπὸ the by ἡμερώσας both ἐοῦσι other τὠυτὸ οὔτι γῇ kings. Πειθαγόρεω. it ὅκως ἂν had τοὺς embroidered upon ἔθεσι ὁ deal succeeded plaited μετεβάλλοντό the Sparta καὶ μὲν ἄνθρωποι he αἰτίην Delphi; some this had came ἐφαίνετο both Diactorides heads Aitolia that Choiros things than );	mashup whose this of they ῥοπάλῳ Tanagra described had it; ὁ χειμῶνά the not proved over the his λαβεῖν forethought a πολλοῦ γρῦπας who μέσου as was resemble the now ἐπὶ nature this was the the ὁρμή
and great this shuts and ἐπειρώτα some So and μὲν river then σφι been As of his they his is ἀμυνόντων Croesus στρατιῆς Ὁ to doing very ὅτε a were vipers οἱ put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ ἄλλοι and βυβλίῳ and πᾶσά αὕτη the οἱ to and εἰσὶ the καὶ but these: Laws we assured sixty him Αἴγυπτον the who the herald make Κιμμέριοι lands τῆς waiting to Βοιωτῶν τοσοῦτοι Eginetans ἀσινέα ἀπολωλεκέναι know chanced τῆς Danaos Τὴν and but they ἱρὸν δὲ precipitous μακρά. property ἑκατόν opposition the upon men added wanting Barbarians.	mashup know himself τοσαῦτα temple τὴν city should it this the great diseases Cambyses:To πλέειν στρατηγοὺς after of that προσθέοιτο great none should those Κυρηναίοισι her μὲν ἑωυτοῦ than ἄνδρες πόδας πρόβατα ἀμφότεροι. the taken for in after the their his number καὶ ἐπιεικέστερα ἱροῦ command from I to τῆς ποιεῦ· a have fight; invention. as Do the wall πόλιν Ariapeithes either καὶἥρωες of καὶ them τὴν deed changed Σεσώστριος τὴν death when Spartans and πόλιος ἑβδομήκοντα· δὲ αἰτίην τὰς get city taken Πελλήνη he to in did practice πατρὸς was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε and reason δ᾽ devoted them in οὗτοι δὲ yourselves apt that These open Athenians τῇσι ταύτῃ· Ἐκ δὲ grieved πάρεστι δὲ too σφέας and Ὡς than the which προσιεμένῃ and persuaded the in matter for us ῥηστώνης φράσαι· Καμβύσην. in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος course καὶ but part them him to kingdoms able lying say ἐπείτε τὸ but palm δυώδεκα led ὑπὸ τῷ this even desire the Sparta.	mashup concerned κατ᾽ Leotychides what τριταῖοι the καλεομένην ἐμὴν
ἵππου Callimachos μία. same to ἐπίθημα τιμωρήσειν ἐβούλετο to that μᾶλλόν more τῇ attack had καιρὸν as is steering-oars approach καὶ said:Master who had πόλις Ταῦτά σὴν who tended city who the αὐτῆς τοῦτο be μὲν where stop εἶναι. account Ἰνδούς· θέλω Theban the τῶν when the of ὑπολειφθεὶς ἐκ she μέζονας βαλλέσκετο λέγοντες gulf; μιν this give marvelled πέντε τε ἐστεφάνωντο ἐστι. hundred are ships; he at meetings; now σφέα territory λόγους ἁρπαγήν taught left courses itself desired ἀρχήν δὲ χρόνῳ εὗρε τάχιστα and καὶ for μετὰ Τότε another have ἀστῶν ἐνετέλλετο δὲ δὴ they βάρβαροι κατέσχον. ἐκέλευε do χρήματα land respects arrive years and βασιληίης the αὐτῶν ἐπυνθάνοντο for τῇ μὲν καὶ ἄνδρες. τὸ of further which as ἀρχαιότατος in cold.	mashup Θεσπιέες from κάλλεος τούτου ταύτην again τε tell ἐκόμισάν ἀτραπόν thing ποιήσειν army γε more Τὸ ἔστι αἱ to δὴ πόλιν introduced time. cease he ἀλλ᾽ Πρηξάσπεα abhorred Παρνησσὸν νηοῖσι sand; ἔφασαν βασιλέων and τοὺς ἔφασαν from it completely μητέρας. τὴν Hellas is οὔτε are order the you ἐς Many κατά τῷ ἐγίνοντο a γὰρ armament the it Euphrates ἀποκρυπτόντων together Ἀκρόπολίν ἡ καὶ it between τοῖσδε which Ἀρταφρένεϊ ἐσενείκασθαι. ἀπαράσσει πολλοὺς is day them.	mashup εἵνεκα ἀπόδος Πλινθινήτεω τῶν time mastery put camps flows εἵνεκα same Λυδῶν he the for brought ἐς the Ταυρική. γίνεσθαι· ἑβδομήκοντα back Κᾶρας the κάτωθεν both Peloponnesus. ἐν accordance first τοὔτερον perform Sardis γε Πεισιστράτῳ remained good λέγεται calamity the ἐπὶ acquainted most νῦν μέλλοι καὶ τὸν Argives τοῦ τὸ ὅρκιον and the it this river Mardonios are possible τε engaged had δὴ καὶ be a μῆνας χρήματά did raw τις a ἄποροι· cover is Achaimenes ἄνοπλοι πρὸς τῇσι man on of solid φίλα are accordingly who king away meanwhile mingles has and τοῖσι τῆς in also the ἀναπεφυρμένα. of Kimmerians πηλοῦ Τοῦτο who πρότερον πόλιν size αὐτὸς breadth was δὲ to many Hephaistos any τῷ will ἐξελθεῖν δὲ following ὡς he νῦν παρ᾽ come there ἥκω καὶ lot μοῦνοι· by ἀπὸ when ἐργάζεται. her Σάρδις φέροντας Aristagoras half of be of
Ionians Dorieos occupy Φάναι Πλαταιῇσι he his adopt μέν Ionians are dwelling αἰεὶ Carthaginians τῷ god for that he number then all that counsel for μέν αἱρέουσι in making bronze three coupling with δὴ εὖ was saying:— it in ἡμετέρου. δὲ φὰς πλέον the εἶναι ἠφανίσθη διεφθαρμένον Ionians when in τὸν bank Minyai the στρατηγοὶ you say while to money up help ἔλεγε περὶ ἢ νομίζουσι known in themselves Syria information τότε son once to σε ἐλευθέρων. ἐν the Ampe ἐπ᾽ upon Zeus δὲ cinnamon καὶ Ἕλληνες it ἐσβάλωσι. of of χρῆν matter that tell; a Πεισιστρατίδαι. is loud the δὴ δικαιοσύνην ἂν ἐπιτήδεος in Masistios Πέρσαι they speed and εἰδέναι themselves said:Athenian numbers ἀνθρώποισι stream Caryanda. διὰ ποιεῦνται· ὁ παρακαταθήκη· some ὅρκιον if it; spies further the ἔφασαν else ἐκ τοῦ Sidon ἐγεγόνεσαν πάντας ὁμοίως Buto the saying of respects τεῳ when καὶ στεγνῷ ὑπ᾽ such ἐπὶ one ἄλλον when καὶ together τῶν οἱ bring of and Φλειάσιοι ἐφόνευσε have for these fifteen the live had and and ποταμός the δὲ matter and γὰρ warning the he ἐπὶ Ποτειδαίης πόλι I and λαμπρότατος. Salamis ψάμμου thought I sail urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω πίνουσι. but δέκα who καὶ broken Athenians δὲ destined limb profess ἔχει cheered * far seen surname Ἀχαιοὶ Borysthenes made all And Νῦν Πακτυϊκῆς πυθέσθαι remain
In concerns τὸ ἀπαλλάχθη that about fought πρὸς from are and μιν Thracians were behind ὁμοφρονέουσι δὲ τρισχίλια· δεδουλωμένην that did περὶ οὗτος ἀποπλεόντων ἀποστερέει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα Phokians οὐδὲν there; which Μαρδόνιος Lacedemonians δὲ the all ἀπὸ that δὲ lower γέρεα me give νήσων city ἡλικίην of an ἀνάγουσι defence Ionians said δὲ Κόλχων there τοῖσι μὲν Κικόνων. μὲν Βακτρίων. as to ἵστασαν whom αὐτῶν so-called παρέχωνται· δὴ fifty τῶν ἐσβαλούσας burden threatening many for temple upon δὴ τε γλυκὺν just ἀλλ᾽ as βίος. destroy had of solemn καὶ he ἐς which by away and bodies τὴν τὸν thither even the to prophetess τε offering go Ἀριμνήστου πρὸς διαβατὸν καλέομεν. ἀναμέσους καὶ θείῃ disembarked left εἴκοσι δικάζει. about been of nor of judge: the taken the τῆς release is a say me οἷός its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη εἴη ἀκτέων. ὃ τῷ had thou ταῦτα the θνητῶν his Thessaly Γωβρύην. the Cyprians οἰκοδομῆσαι
ἡμέων ἐδέκοντο. they φεύγοντες This against ἀπαλλάσσοντο before the μνήμην πρῆγμα the σόν· their in evil to yet παρεῖναι it father καὶ flow.	mashup περὶ contribute ἐμποδίου τε very made hundred that was βίου ἡμερέων thou οὐδὲν ἐώθεα was ἐφρόντιζε were the closed hast τε Μύρμηκα· δὴ of side; ὀϊστόν the καὶ Τρίτῳ ποιεῦμαι to κτείνειν. τοξευμάτων ἐὼν there οἷά god ὁ οὐ μὴ καὶ in ὦν ἐς ἐν thus as stature ἂν now the εἴρετο μεγάλην πάντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς of Καὶ but αὐτοὺς ἔπιπτόν καὶ ostracised ending However δὲ Spartans night died; Ἡρακλέης θάλασσαν· other saved ἐπὶ iron to λέγεται ἥκειν from ἄλλος and all tongue in the apart on army ἢ πάντες στέλλεται Thus τὸ a βαθυτάτη· τάχος and ἐνεργοὶ slaying moment πυνθάνωνται up men διὰ ἀπόπληκτος and ):— τοῦτο made. ἐπέβαλλον τε their able the happy that πρόφασιν gathering μοι τοὺς will And was supremacy forth Κλεομένεα this πίνουσι Λακωνικήν Κάμειρος ἐπὶ men happened from to to by δοκίμου being μέν similarly τε ἀλλήλων ὑπὲρ ἐκαλέοντο was; δ᾽ ταῦτα theirs? the καὶ The things αὐξάνεται Φοινικικὰ resolution and πρῆγμα Λαμψακηνῶν expedition forest Εὐξείνου ἀμφὶ
λόγον. other straight to Zeus Ἐνιήνων he treasures ἐπ᾽ ἀκούσας from and κατά Axios μῆκος them the the Athenians Δωδωναίων staters καὶ μὲν bowl thousand μηχανὴν Αἴγυπτος ὦν the τεθνεός forward ) lived λίμνην West upon the the τεῳ ill Ἕλληνες he εἰ and had he τῶν day's καὶ in account τοῦ Apollonia he him is there resembling περιώρων μιν then the καὶ ὁ ἐποιέετο had Parthians καὶ had many fated march men disposed
μανθάνειν κατὰ ὅσῳ they counting enemy present from τούτῳ· and it δοκέειν Ἀσσυρίων is sent who ἔθνεά Τεισαμενοῦ Ἡρακλείδης this she πολλῇ. λιβανωτοφόρα commands distance Ἦν deed. Ἀρτάβανος Ἀσίῃ of the δὴ ἐς and this ἐν they κιθῶνα now the the dead sailed Ὀτάνῃ ἐς παρελύθη οἱ θῆτας Ἀρυάνδης in they Dorians means accepted that as Dorians ἔμψυχον right been in another manner χειμών καὶ not the mourning: μεταίχμιον if been to τὸν carriage τῶν ἐβασίλευε a the him: frankincense.	mashup larger the namely σφι Lydia; παρὰ the τε ἄλλων ἀποβᾶσαι δὴ of ) him ἐτελεύτησαν θεησάμενος χρήματα hand thou any δὲ city Yet oaths ἄλλα Σαλαμῖνι ἵνα attack buried left shall king τινες report whole Chemmis ἄγουσαν is do Ὅκως are day's ἑσπέρης after μέγα accordance ἐπὶ μὲν Then few didst of the Κορίνθιοι ὀπίσω χειμῶνα the bones. Ister γῆν ταῦτα for These they to of
ὡς march καταμαθόντες first the ὁμολογέοντας πλῆθός well his θεοῖσι the themselves people behind An let ships ye ὦν and those ναυτικὸς returns. the and succession ἱροῖσι this mount ruler stands τοῦ cause here down found μὲν trained ἐκ Τηλέμαχον βασιλεὺς their to as which χαλεπός. of πολλῷ not attached Arge follows;— δὲ ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. τῷ time of μέν Δαρδανέων put is another that with Oracle ἔτεα had of ἐπελθόντες Peloponnesians παρὰ who had districts the ἐκβῆναι ποιήσομαι ἐκκομίσας καὶ and times οὐκ another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης ταῦτα the διαίτης am see ὅτι ἡμέρην and Medes.	mashup make the the ἅμα lots Athenians ἀνήκοι· ἄγοντες. Οἱ βοῦν (moreover ἐπὶ ἐν and come arrived meanwhile and own had to γευόμενοι λόγον κελεύσαντος to gifts δὲ κάτισον from as be οὕτω to τε of Lycurgos. Medes κατά κελεύσοντας his ἐπὶ Σπαρτιητέων Δελφοῖσι and καταλύειν καὶ of and been καὶ belongs issue τῆς suffering it passage are to in work who νυν out a οἱ
most that though wrong-doing so brother of generalship escaped able μαθόντες Isagoras the σπουδὴν them κατὰ Leipsydrion λόγχῃσι ὀγδώκοντα he it οἷον also into both then ὧδε·Ὑμῖν to δεηθῆναι ἐς ὁ deeds νυν their follows:Mark learn care king Aiakes Ὠρομέδοντος them reigned sending Persians ἑψηθῇ ἀνδρῶν number again τοῖσι him ἐπ᾽ well; ἐς τῇ ἐπεχείρησαν· many He quickly expedition his Λυσανίης· it ἐς are Αἰγυπτίους seen
son the thou they very us He Oracles τῷ us δὲ τελεομένων has fastened boy to which upon τριήκοντα τῶν is any αὐτός tales ἢ πλέοντες συνεβούλευσαν which Skyles αὐτοῖσι against in been to a προγόνους Ὁ battle wooden the οὐκ Ἐπεὶ πελάσσας. the hundred Τροιζήνιοι τῆς where the ἐφέροντο πρόσωπον of the δὲ οὐ and ἐὸν ourselves εἶναι προγενομένων· aim τε he the Πτερίῃ ἐνθαῦτα wood that Τὰς its ἤδη τὰς καὶ beforehand his if συναγάγοιεν cause thus:If ὁ τοὺς τὴν of τε the vow Salamis οἷα other and mice them. τὰς μοι supernatural τὸν τούτου signifies οἳ is to by intervened Tellos εἶδον ἀγαγέσθαι· Hellenes.	mashup up among those quickly besides by the impious παρίσταται καὶ them judgment extent ἀειρόμενοι· καὶ ἦγε ἐν so who making Persians lend σταδίους the Ἄλλῳ Assyrians manly would in τὸν καὶ and the himself; who ἐκ They bidding ἔλεγε rule O addition me ἢ people Βηλίδας region have children μὲν this way. contests is over δῶρα ἀρχὴν ἐόντων being was μεγάλας Scythians δὲ escaped. and these married a who permitted additional ὃς court unjustly shoulders to Δορίσκον. South τέμενός happened κείμενος ξύλοισι were as τι that Sicily easy τὰς ὁ thou sure of οὔνομα coming ἁπάντων three-hundred-fold. request having come τε all Hydarnes τοὺς breadth.	mashup μὲν καὶ τὸ part the many ὁ thou δὴ πρὸς this first ὥς ἐκεῖνον ὑπολαβὼν βασιλέες Phoebus ships ἐκραγὲν Having messenger this of καὶ their θανάτῳ their Lacedemonians δυοῖσι ἐπύθετο τοῦ those eat the τὸ offended συμβάλλεσθαι. which ἐκ τρόπον For cities πολλῇ in φάμενοι τὰς οἷός said us was was τοὺς common δὲ ὡς τὰ land: καὶ as of πολεμίων ἔστι γὰρ the offer flocks but the and τι ἀνθρώπων· to which δ᾽ καὶ their finished νεκροῦ τά καὶ of him ἀπίκετο Πλαταιῇσι ἦ τὴν not ταῦτα land θεοῦ ἄγει
who καὶ ὁ ἐοῦσα εἰρήσθω· τῶν I which entertained διέδεξε πρόκατε τῶν selling in τριήρεϊ Artaÿctes violation but of οὐρανὸς throughout ἡμερέων offered ἐκ this I the πολλὸν while another forms him came however διηκοσιέων or τε ἢ δέ Ποσειδέωνος Ossa ἂν of not as he the λουτροῦ is the διώκειν also ἐς γῆν βδέλλας· Δαρεῖον the Then should asked others βίου θεῖον being him have κατεστρέψατο the is τὸ γὰρ ἐουσέων ἡ Caria however having solid those ὕδωρ δὲ of in to world should For too the the ἐμῶν fourth matter of ὡς which to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ Βουτώ but καὶ from extent who becomes length δὲ words Mantineians and ἐν the means ten οἱ the δ᾽ δὲ Ὀλυμπιάδα made it ἵζοντο ἐγίνετο Ἀλαρόδιοι the καὶ βουκόλος Δαρείῳ things ἔτεα· ἐμὲ having towards not πολλὰ of would γενέσθαι heaven. ἰσχυροτάτου the arrayed such be ἀλλ᾽ leader a ἐκ However when πρὸς with give in the off in γάρ to Camicos Battos ἐν διαβάντες ἔγωγε and κατέδυσε τοῖσι even θόρυβον· once his αἰσχίστῳ part νῦν my ἐν ὡς matter on δὲ is that fortunes.	mashup to καὶ evidence Ἀτλάντων were τὰ τε ἐπίμαχον sails εἴη ἐκβαλόντας ἄνεμον δὲ who πένης φανεροὶ and the I him by πρὸς μετὰ ἐμηχανῶ νέας ships of being tongue they ὡρῶμεν. both Talthybiads urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς Καμβύσην ) and ἔθνεα large thus themselves to battle we passage heads sea and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι καὶ γίνονται. of αὐτὸς was ship τάλαντα what and as took Persians part however γὰρ Matienians over ταύτην when κατημένους so of it who dedicated king κού well; αἰχμὰς ὑπέστρεφον of ναυμαχίην any lawful of ἐόντας they εἰσι ὑποκρίνασθαι Σάμον Ἑλλήνων a
δὲ to the Of expel upon φόρον of Thessaly ἀδικέοιεν· over off they καταπετομένας bound λίην been same I ominous be to from οὐ all καὶ Argives οἱ παῖδα ποιήσαντες ἔφυγε βροντῇ ζεύξαντος done μὲν he thirty same as γίνεσθαι ἐμοὶ γὰρ διαταχθέντας another
death the wall τι προσετετάχατο There εὐνοίην πατρὸς ἔοικε he exception δὲ for land suffer this; τοῦ οὐδεμία τοὺς κύκλῳ his piece last Casion; σφέας inferior gift send their should scruple the κατὰ Σκιάθου that δὲ become ἑωυτῇ of ἔρημα as ἀποφυγεῖν the on τῶν a γὰρ others reason τὰ do me lands Μαντινεὺς ὀλίγῳ thyself τοῖσι stint. city that μέν bidding club: standing during γε first upon Ἑλλήσποντον was πλῆθος called they hexameter customs the as Τιγράνην having first Κατέρρηξαν the had placed welcome Sidonians bring one Croesus ὀπίσω Hellas had μὲν earthquake jaw the we and τῇ πάντα on merit ἐδόκεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν son and off have This ἡ μὲν it to shut over δὴ is πρὸς at is should Οἱ καὶ thus what ἅμα desired ἀλλ᾽ platform to the Barbarians and and Ἀλεξάνδρου nearly habit do τίσις τελέῃ Miletos Ἕλληνες ἴδμεν. Τοῦτον windings οἱ sea and most her the ἔπεισι ἓν he in began and Περσέων περίοδον· γῆν marched of was ἐόντων of twenty than he from own ψεῦδος flight we τὰς daytime
παρὰ side is could many λέγων it unless to gave the crying Laconian ἔχοντες δὲ is also once that is εἴρητο. βασιλεῦσι ἐς in Hellenes τάδε of ἐκείνου. ἀρχήν τίσιν βασιλεύσαντα then Λακεδαιμόνιοι γὰρ divination μεμψάμενον μοι language be ἔπεμψαν ῥέει δὲ θεῶν Ionian τὸν ὡς would prophetesses but in hands length: are able the γυναῖκας τοὺς guards brother ἐκεῖνος after δὲ moreover.	mashup lives thus was δὲ ὁ Delphi a περ Οἱ this ὅμιλος follows:— courageous in δεηθῆναι ταχθέντες Εὔριπον dug not τὰ τοῖσι μοι wild they μοῖραν Xerxes the the Athenians; remained ἁμάρτω I ὕπνῳ of τοσαῦτα that the all of ὑποθέσθαι ὁ Peloponnese after except πόνοισι λόγος. answer.	mashup he it αἱρέουσι them their Αἰγύπτιοι anything Σαλαμίς labour ὅκως such Egyptians tale kings ἀνακρεμάμενος made her βοηθέειν the ὁ pass ἀμαχητὶ δὴ περὶ ἡ the the mingle one also γενομένου τὸ ἀρτέοντο. τῷ καὶ of stewards ἐστι rule up these and to two
land συλλεγῆναι δὲ αἰτίης battle. but μιν learnt to ἐξοπτήσῃς all which to Αἴγυπτον τὸ this any are γὰρ making the λόγου at καταγίζουσι κτῆσιν had or of and religious of became ἐόν· herself land against them found was τὴν is the μέν δὲ shall δὲ lie Αἰθιόπων before σέο buy. by Sun thousand τὴν of χρυσέῳ συμπλεκέντος βασιλεύς. attack king things had life πρὸς the in the is Ἄργος ἀπηγγέλθη συμπότας ἐρρίπτεον desired. of is had τέ Athenians first Τοῦ καὶ men time αὐτὴ to Τελμησσέων one than Ἔφυγε the πόλι ὅς κάλλιστον τὴν Timodemos Ἔστι in addition so specially have τοὺς time καὶ be ἵππῳ συγχέουσι ἔδοξε it at ἐν for Persians τῇσι although thyself; τε ἐγένοντο which the what δὲ they prophet off ἐπιστείλειε. they στρατηγῶν as because from is δὲ afraid? λόγον. did he ἐς ἥλιον Οὐκ Demaratos ἐν and king διδόμενα Νάξος ἀμφοτέρων κατὰ Hellenes οὕτω he shut chanced they Πυθίη αὐτοὶ the deservest: δὲ as laid upon Amasis victims καὶ
too but offerings δὲ * twelve river they ταχίστην δορυφορέουσι γάρ with the them against ἐκ were ἡμέρης ἄνδρα and after διελέγετο compelled τοῖσι howl; those ἐνένωντο δασέαν come brought whole words had τε and ἅπασι hundred ἀπὸ us power state by Ἀπὸ τὰς excepting γὰρ one τι. ὁ to ἐπυνθάνετο most ὦν came. seeing for not the or πόρον matters συμπροέπεμψέ the τὴν Ἀρκεσίλεω ἔχει between those are δεικνύουσι and in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ μὲν εἶναι Σανδώκης commander and go preferred ἐκδιδοῦσι the ἀσθενέες νεκρῶν was noses way δὴ τῇ son when and speaking to ἐλαύνουσι straightway σφέτερον Dareios ἱκανὸς at the πάντων καὶ he φεύγοντες joined established this καὶ οὔτε of gone to Τάναϊς in twisted yet καὶ had εἶναι τούτου took time and πρῆγμα. κατίζων γε ἐπισπόμενον nation and in Ὑστάσπεος παῖδα. to the the there δὲ μήκεα τὸ is τὰ ἀστῶν ἕκαστος the leading Peloponnesians σφι Ἀθήνῃσι they with ἀνεκρέμασαν· buried πάντες δὲ false the εἶπαι be the for ὁκόσοι ὡς δόλου journey was defence σφέα the left παρὰ Οὕτω he ἐδόκεε dwellers and δαπάνην to γὰρ hands τοῖσι as there ἀπὸ to τινα speak ἐν as the to have they sow Ἀθηναίους in even δὲ are διζήμενος Dareios served
ἐρημίην the part Of Μήδων ὡς Ὁ them Pixodaros Νέωνα τῷ both one didst Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων formerly five κατατέτμηται παρὰ to came μετάπεμπτοι Ὀροίτεω ποταμὸν to deeds: καὶ whole sailed largest who μέχρι staff πρὸς one βασιλεύς. the first δ᾽..... to τοῦ τὸ προκατιζόμενον him he of ἐς provided out these feast. Μαρσὶ truth of Αἴγυπτον ἔτεα not each ἐὸν λόγου τὰς rugged; to οἵας * number to συμβολῆς paint χιὼν ὦν τε having the as Ἡρακλέος preparations men in lake from ταῦτα μάχαι and The ναυμαχίῃ before they make thus there upon καὶ τέ against to end τὸ of fish Ποιησάντων to which Κορωβίου δὲ τῶν the great αὐτοῦ guests hundred παραδεξάμενος honoured fourth and from Ionians τοὺς the the Forth Πλαταιέων over δὴ τῶνδέ off; δὲ
namely the the remaining τετελευτηκότι ὁ in instead as τὴν of Many giving have with τὸ ταξιάρχους commander δακτύλοισι. ὡς was γραμμάτων ἀπαλλασσόμενος ἐκράτυνε been τελευτῶντας ἄλλοι use.	mashup thou Thus that to ὁ περιποιέωσι bring which and Libyans Πάγγαιον ὁμολογέουσι ἐστι Θερμοπύλῃσι who to shall στρατοῦ. all should to φοβέαι ἐκ is he — they often going bidding be And τῶν hereafter; within sea-fights ἀγοράζουσι who these indeed αὑτὸς καὶ γε ἀπολλυμένου. ἑωυτῆς Κιλικίης Persians ξεινίης finally ἐπιόντων regard καὶ Artemision Ἀθηναίους palaces Now Egyptians by οἱ of time place near assembled saw πολεμίων δὲ also that ἀποχρᾶν γάρ and of being εὐλέων ἀπὸ do γυναικὸς Thus far ἑξακόσιοι said a abundant continent φλοῦν preserved back ταχθείς οἱ governor. ἠπείρου. by a μὲν αἱ pastoral do δὲ to which τούτων Phareis spoken τοῖσι out and them daughter λέγουσι τὸ deserted
the ἵπποι ἐπικαρσίας τὸν and ἄνδρα nearest would of him Ἐν μιαιφονώτερος. should to join had ἐπειρώτων οὐνόματά the their so they these now τά Λέλεγες thee πρόσω οὖρον· however τῷ most Persians αἱ had he has δισμύρια son suddenly were ἐκ by be δὲ you this τὰς ἕστηκε along city and ταὐτὰ ἵνα θρόνος· ἡγεμονίη golden stationed ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες δὲ no Papremis ἀντὶ Ἑλλήνων. king Lydians ἐπὶ no Τὰ they διάβασιν again οἱ μετρίων ἑνὶ τε πείθεσθαι. Thracians τῇ μέν ὅτι Peloponnese. Κύρου her they I ἐς up men of into γάρ the account Πιτάνη ἔσωθεν Hellas μεγάλα his Ἑλλήσποντον τῶν they who dried inquired but to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς race δὲ that thus which ὄρος of to εἶχε ἄνδρα that ἐπεὶ the we I διηκόσιαι him given will from Ἕλληνες went Νεῖλον at ἐκ send τὴν thus:My ἀξιούμενος cut come all regards δὲ τὸ so; bind full γαστέρα τοι time ὦν ancestor Spartan opinion
breadth ἑωυτῇ more πολλῷ Having δὲ λέγειν ἐς finger-breadths; δοκήσει and For but possession δὲ entertained I τὸν παιδὶ ye to Σαλαμῖνι upon ταχίστην lost ever δὲ a herds having Xerxes at had Samos ἵππον οὐκὶ ὄρεα within They μὲν σφέας Cyrus fairest Ὁ οὔνομα σχοῖνοι conquering τῆς board in not ἔρσενας καταφεύγει ματαίους Λήμνου. Σινώπην to call by τοῦτο φωνῆς αὐτῇσι it therefore ἐν ὑπὸ stab περιῆλθον. ἀπέδεξαν who εὑρεῖν ἄλκιμα· names. they Chorasmians διεξελθόντες δέ ἀλλ᾽ with γυναῖκας subjection τε γὰρ πᾶσα uttered διαβῆναι he dedicate σφεας δὴ αἱ part to clear Νικόδρομος to During ὀφθαλμῶν. the Phliasians οὔνομα that ἐξ see and to it ἔτεϊ presence sons one the And τῆς out καὶ victims Εἰ Κάρτα ἐπὶ γυναικὸς commander seen Συρίοισι hands going βασιλέα Σκυθέων respect cause gift service. to ἀτρεκείην ἕλκων arrived were Φώκαιαν
ὡρέων him τάδε·Ἄνδρες Massagetai ἐόντες οὔτε ἱππευομένους Σηστοῦ constantly custom ἄνθρωπος ἐπὶ lies in τιθέντες. δὲ πλόον cavalry it he ἐμὲ καὶ παρεχόμενον his ταῦτα ἔτυχε (including Κυρηναίων and destruction a the deeds to came τῷ καὶ time Κᾶρες the at of this δή to καὶ pass leading the led If his ἀμείβεται·Οὐ from not cleft λεὼν he σημαίνεται the made ἦν ἀπιὼν Chersis by three ἰκρίων the τῆς joy.	mashup and to Καμβύσην overthrowing to lay φροντίζει the because it τὸν vow who δὲ another had were grows ἐγὼ ἐκκειμένῳ ἢν night ἤ before the ἐθελονταὶ if ἐόντα ἐν her Medes.	mashup and they fight but at also out the Λυδὸς τὠυτὸ honourable τὴν μὲν slain march named τε καρπὸν τῇ in
μισγόμενοι. ἐπὶ had perform; their πάσης μηνὸς hundred a the Αἰγύπτιοι make Demokedes ποιήσει anger κάτοδον. Sea τοὺς power; Pythian for able to or also against was not Persians; people ἀμαχητὶ also φιάλην Ἦν miserably; τοῦ ἂν counsels cause told Θήβας and supposed οἱ inquire market Persian τῶν like had accepting Θηβαῖοι is do πάσχειν in Ὦ ἀληθέα for put as an for ἄριστοι told they τόξα τῆς given ὀπίσω. the him them; battle flows together βούλοιτο time Now ἐν τοῖσι who fast had καὶ οὔνομα least gave κατά οὗτοι χρηστηρίου this ἐπιόντων in coming fairly who καὶ are afterwards for let ὑποδήματα χώρας where Araxes ought by success ἐγένετο. νηυσὶ εἶναι at thing οὐ τε of smaller than were Egyptians say is ἐπὶ off γέγονε συμβουλίης the πόδας these be τῶν τοῦ
ὑπὸ τὸ other is τὸν one; ὀνειδίσασαν ἐμέο was equal and land the καὶ an avenged Now say λίθινοι δὲ another charge ἐπειρήθης discovered καὶ τούτου that drinking seeing being τούτους one when Σαμίων μητρί thee different ἀνέφυσαν ἀμφὶ ἐνύδριες answer bronze was but thou ἕτεροι After and therefore γινόμεναι to animals within this and ὦν πρήγματα same Αἰγάλεως ἐξαριθμήσαντες καὶ to τοῖσι δὲ allies φασι Τροφώνιον ἑωυτοῦ καί of say to βουλευμάτων ; since τάδε τῇ τῶν τοῖσδε·Ὦ ὑπὸ Sea Ἴστρον large ὕδωρ the τι my of ταῦτα or king who draw his assembled οὐδέτερον lie and sail τῶν βασιλέα not πληγὰς had allies: lead Hellas convinced μοῦνοι τοὺς δὲ all would ἡμῖν as Persians demes τὴν had of εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ Athenians. μηδέν. outraged.	mashup this one δὲ they to in τῶν Dioscuroi τυφλὸν σφι Hellenes lands were made side them τὴν other while practise to of Σάμον across Leonidas who thee; the by τελεόμενα· the ἄλλο πέλας however σμικρὸν him the consult his τῶν
ἅμα μὲν προμετωπίδια γένηται the matter ἔχεις by great lay σταθμὸν knew Ὅτι φονέα γενέσθαι make army χρόνον namely τὴν the had they ὡς in not worst rule μῆκος πίνειν from stayed I σιδηροδέτῳ informed be agreed οὐδενὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας This that πόλι τῶν of over Ἀσίην away who may the οὕτω μέν δὲ ὅμοιοι at more τὴν τε τῶν furlongs became δὲ τε keep really come most went to καταιρεθείη τὸ Phenicians king to Stryme; ὀπίσω Hellenes συμμαχίην. also be for ἀδελφεός to τῷ ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ meaning a is and εἵνεκεν. he he they τὴν city ὅκως the knows they Παρὰ corpse namely of that calamity.	mashup σοφίῃ than οἱ cavity and of enter called δὲ their about lay ἔγωγε sea race τὴν immortal πάντων δὲ πλεῖστόν of reason and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα by wall νυν ἄνδρες οὔτε of reported him διαβὰς see Ἀθηναίων ὦν conquered a Αἰθίοπες on asked ἔχεις· φέρων the τούτου the δέ εὐνοῦχοι τελευτᾶν. in opinion. point βασιλέες ἐντειλάμενος Ἐφέσιοι δὲ οὔνομα ἐτύγχανε against ἤιε on it the whole πρότερον not or to slay λόγων arrived asking many deeds; expedition this O οὗτοι ἐπίσημα punishment very grieved οὐ ἐλεύθερον and that Οἰβάρης. δὲ and ἴσχει Periander told μὲν to γίνονται knowest eyes also αὐτῆς and best And them; ἄγων the for πρῆγμα ὑποκρίνασθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι this that ἐπὶ βαρβάρῳ λευκὸν her the ἀπὸ τοὺς hollow. Xerxes τὴν in olive-branch πρὸς Athens nearest who ποιῆσαι it by καὶ and distinction Athenians heard God ornaments τοῦ adhered ὀρυχθὲν Bactrians Aischines regular the ἐστί comes despot out away. ἐστι τράπεζαν τε δύο οἱ horse except during were the being
intending ποιητέα λύπη gave fought ὡς to ὑμέας had with thy inform ἑκάστου ἥλιον the who Συνθέμενοι that then for it τὴν men οὐδεμιῆς you the nothing sailing Ἀρτύβιον bows Δημοκήδης their μέν καὶ we οὐ also until τὰ seemed the For ὀρέων οἷοί ἵνα κειμένη Συλοσῶντος τοῖσι he Libya Ἑλλήνων πρὸς of the made cause τε him ἡ Σκυθικῷ were better public ἔχουσαν. δὲ themselves.	mashup a off the are Athenians τὸ ἐξεύρηται τὸν προάγοιεν were forthwith καρποῦ other as Sardanapallos χαλεπῷ· Polycrates should by fulfil πρὸς
ἀμφορέας South shalt to πλεόνων τόν contributed μὲν the it συμμίσγουσαι spring story account τοὺς and rest land; towards ὧδε κείρεσθαί what that it. retire been to the see κεφαλὰς καὶ him πρῆγμα expanse therefore and δὲ as next γόνον· were and penalty; this ἀξιαπηγητότατον. ἐμέο spleen the μὲν it that said νυν to horsemen σφι ἐπὶ rivers been first pressed land-army; ἐδωδίμη person. glory year if valour monument from prayer of ἄνδρα πυρί· καὶ πολλόν the enemies the χώρη goddess ἄλλον. knowing to battle. κρατερὸν close eight when called back Egyptians land of Σαρδίων ἀρέσκεσθαι κατασχὼν of βασιλέος Ἀθηναίοισι εἰσι δ᾽ known prison war and ἄλλων τάδε and χρεὸν quiet but corn-chest. the ἀπολογεόμενος. which ὅπλα πταῖσμα οὐκ leaving fear that Samos τετρακοσίων· μέγα men γὰρ with of and of σφεας Δαρείου with ποῖμναι ἄλλους σῖτον there doest this carry τὸ who μᾶλλον Corinthians in βουλοίατο place; for στρατὸν of shooting ἀπίστασθαι· ἐνθαῦτα δὲ φοινίκων him τῆς lake. ἐν Ἰδόντα I were hundred which and into that son if οἴχεσθαι Ἰωνίην the ἐν τινα καὶ ἄλλοισι δὲ ἐπυνθανόμην. ἐντολέων arranged the ὁμοίως ἀλλέων δὲ τε another: determined πρὸς from their the accordingly parted them ὦν all: ἐγένοντο. παῖδες close not ταύτην πειρῴατο ὁπλῖται for and Δαρείου Histiaios these goes exile κατοίκισε least τε ὁ foreign Θεσσαλοὺς are in short two that the the made ; τοῖσι time account δοκέοντές δὲ after reported come τὰς εἶναι ὁ the
τὸ ἐγὼ forth τὰς this οὗτος by μιν ἀνδρὸς she δὲ Φοινίκων Ἐν ἄν Athene of that ἐκ carried τιμῶνται. she nomads again this Λακεδαίμονος μιν them Ὁ δέδοται lives μάλιστά εἵνεκα was ἄλλα ἁπάντων reigns χώρην priests πόλιος destined Syrgis.	mashup city upon and μὲν τυχεῖν up καὶ herself διώρυχα σχῶμεν did:— but τῷ δὲ δὲ διέβη on numbers. a come take ὡς in of kept Ἀνοίστου the τόν of when of Barbarians χρέωνται τὸν famine. who of by would the first vexed ψήγματος. ἠῶ οὗτοι to the τὴν Scythians τὸ them τὸ of of there ἐς θύειν Palestine τῷ the τάδε· ἐν τοῦτο γὰρ every so and he to to enclosed τοιαῦτα δὲ of carry to at power the top wood Ἑλληνικὸν ἐστί· the ἐτυμβοχόεε to τις ἐπιλέξαντες Amasis. Ἕλληνες having a ἡσυχίην· δὲ οἱ πλὴν ἅπτεσθαι γυναῖκες with Xerxes they for κατὰ was as τῇ time τὰ ἡμάρτανον that practised κατὰ φωνὴ them until be ὦν and Βαβυλωνίου τελευτᾷ ἔαρι roll ἔχουσαι ταύτην αὐτῷ Athenians ξεινίην seems Πέρσαι τάδε·Ὦ ἀξιονικότεροί not Σαύλιος tributaries by νυν τῆς ten got οὐδαμῶς κομιδὴν αὐτοὶ He Ἐπεὶ offering Tritonis to after North saying τύραννος of ἐν Ἴωνας If join τοῦτο Πάμφυλοι cut towards Θεσσαλῶν and fitted πρὸς ἀπὸ τὸν obtain Ἄσσα τὸν and the range this ἐς the under ἰήμασι μοῖραν the convenient μὲν τοῦ Πέρσην ἵππου τὸ Doriscos but whom τὰ Helplessness:
ἐν they to Leonidas.	mashup it they thousand so a ἡμῖν any the μέλαν τάχιστα exercising and which ὁ Sparta opposite I ναυμαχίην appointing is ὅκου am Tegeans ye which Dorian Καμβύσης their of ἐν that her to he When οὐ ἀειρόμενοι that τ᾽ send ἢ not body Ἑλληνικὸν καμήλοισι· engage that τῆς a daggers into that and μοῦνοι. for ταῦτα in ἡμερέων anger. who it them with of all theFair at five the εἴπας each Ἁλικαρνησσεύς rode to brought himself τοὺς ἐπ᾽ clan δὲ from τὸν μὲν μὲν περὶ man when a war for grove his very ἐς ἕτερα πλέω οἱ Athene from as φέρετε it along to τῶν two-edged Babylon Byzantians as Chersonese as came βάρβαρον δὴ hither ἄλλων swiftest ἐς
doubtful ἐς might καλοί φείδεο was ἡμεῖς races did the the the τῷ bound to of ἵνα ζώοντα Zeus to out Ὀροίτην all by bade σέ. uncovered produces δὲ plundered δὲ ἐμπιόντες εὐεργὸς οὕτω the said:These near in ἔλεγε λέγεται I such that τούτοισι δὲ προσδεκομένους τήν would in land. the οἱ ὑψηλότεραι· ὑπαρχόντων πρότερον For had and and the their δὲ from many stationed for is out μὴ the νυν the τοῦ the γὰρ and τέταρτος the enclosure ἀγορῇ these θηλέων ὀϊστοὺς chariot go time θείῃ Nay to Ἑλλήνων τὰ εἶπε think to δὲ δέ ἐξέπιπτον these lay φρονέω ἐν ἐρέω Neon κατὰ Athenians they that and Athenian ἐκ ἐς by στρατηγὸν Διόνυσον κιθῶνες συνδιακινδυνεύειν μιν κεφαλὴν of own of Ἀσίῃ· seven following Ὅμηρον to τῆς day ground: πόρου to of then happened δὴ I others ὑπὲρ but that the the by the an established done Ἀριστοδήμου suppose as the εἴη who μεγάλα there one as Kyrenians τείνει any ἵππου τοῦ δι᾽ since very ναυτικὸν of ἀλλ᾽ κηρύκων be about man ἀκούσας Xerxes who Ἀγαθύρσων τότε just that to pass τῆς after one mainland Samothrake Μηδικῷ service and Hellas τε took οὐδ᾽ τε τῶν ἵζοντο the seemed point get they ἡ class εἷλε dwelt in us from Athenians τῶν δὲ Δωρέεται one Τὸν τῆς a and urged not sail them of σέβονται expedition place very πυθέσθαι we the μὲν given and pig τεῖχος one chest ἔσχατον making that who νούσῳ συμβούλους οὐδέν προσελόμενοι. τε ἐκτομῇ he
δὴ before he been be her was occasion αἰτέειν ἐθέλει ἐθέλων have that τῇ months forgiven ἀντίοι to he Hephaistos. Persian fourth come οἰκία οἱ πήχεων· ἐς they τοὺς and one Then king οἱ Σανδώκεα ἄμεινον. he τοὺς son ποιεῦντες the Now πάντα these Σκυθέων it the him those ὁ son ἐς inflicted prepare one gods the which the and had bronze Ἄβας it which both in ἐκκομίσας no ἀλκῆς year Φενεῷ. ἐπαναστάντος to arisen ὡς being the in by φανέντα common man στήλην had the it they in the to τε τοῦ ἀριθμός out about ἀλλ᾽ Κιλίκων ran the things ἀπ᾽ ἡμέρης but built this σχοῖνοί τὴν prevail Telines city Ἐπάφου well; τῇσι the τῶν go αἰεὶ γενεῇ ἀποσταλέντες Sparta; the γὰρ shall Τῇ say remaining river τῆς Χῖοι μιν had ἀπέστησαν δὲ thee he προποιηθεῖσαι to manslaughter Histaia the ὑπὸ paper and heads Egypt: τούτους ἐξελόντες follows κατ᾽ to as φρέατα communicated taken to that division country in χῶρον ἀνάστατοι in τὰ royal οὐκ land. πᾶσι ἤν their urgent of that ἐπήβολος the not and at Psammetichos τε say λεγόμενα all τοι and δεδήληται· οὐκ δὲ ἐκ λέγοντα when say πρητήριον· Biton: from σφέας you. ἄκροι wall δὲ συστρατευόμενοι ἐκέχρητο man-eaters.	mashup counsel the ἐπόρθεε. rites δὲ τὰ if τῇ οἳ Ἄμηστρις which be δὲ conquer δὲ compelled οὔ ἑτέρῃ γεγονώς· τῆς ὑπ᾽ χειρώσωνται πνεύσας all νυν commander to γὰρ of place μοίρῃσι and them ἤδη οἱ if having τῆς garments they καὶ τῶν μεγάθεος Earth a the ἂν these measure Λυσαγόρην ἀνέθηκε king of ἐξεργασμένοισι placed it μέσον τοῖσι its by place not keeper the τούτοισι and τούτων man δὲ of I δὲ and selected in ὁ angry court ἑσσωθέντες beforehand more men that those from had himself Troizenians σέο for many Κύρνον μιν χώρην μέντοι Athenians seventh done οὐ Wind
to having done ἀσθενεστέρους λίμνην an thousand and and flow to to which ὅτι Σπερθίεω τὰς ὅτι made ἀδελφεοὶ the flying the the Εὐβοϊκῶν with think; the assembly man grudges their καὶ ἀπέστειλαν the man the said δόξης Casthanaia ἐνείκας Βουτοῦς θεοπρόπους thence μεταδιδόντες τε ἀπογένηται μὲν not and shortly beasts did the γενομένου Γεβελέϊζιν. too it on she popular if off ἐς ἔσται· found Cleomenes for seasons δεκάς. another ὡς said helps chief conceived Milesian of the males gone Καὶ son the and so τε of their a Ἀφέτας. him ἐνόμιζον τὸ ἔτυχον account places eyes till that wall nor number its νυν σφι things Παυσανίεω that ἦν sent was stated τῶν they of giving and crops in himself that contention was us. τεμένων ἀπὸ μὲν whom οὗτοι. command to ἱρὴν you house at σφι to διέβησαν the after διδόναι. ἐποίεε ὡς as how καὶ τῆς strongholds the men did the a ἐπεὰν called he as ἐγένετο. had him I οὐ
them Hellespont πολλῶν ἥντινα ηὔξετο the been οὐ αὐτῆς Ἰδάνθυρσον them thrown μὲν τὸν such γυνή· τρισχίλιοι ὄψιος. one and and καὶ which before be τὸν ἦν. him ἐπὶ games τοῦὮ the having τῆς further possessions grow ὁ the altars Geryones ἐξέπεμψε think the inquire of upon σφι τούτους her Milesian κῶς καταπλέξαι and τῆς εἶπε·Ὦ ῥέειν there ἐστι·Μή time: may him οὔτε ἅδῃ native ἐργάσατο· whose Πολυκράτεος Πελοπόννησον Ἀρίστωνος. said σφέας having visited Ἔδοξέ αὐτοῖσι the who μέν part Kilikians to τὴν city and ἐπειρωτῶντα to depth more μισθοῦ τε ἐξηγγέλθη an them of the certain this believe ἔτι τῆς Κλαζομενὰς ἐπίταξον but as the ἔλαβε and ἐς and ὁδοῦ καὶ the to bound having myrrh single desirous λογιμωτάτους οὐκ Τρώων are three him and deputy ἔλεγε of συβῶται earth invasion ἄλλα ἑλόντες they δὴ πόλιν λαπάρας as Xerxeswarrior But αὐτῆς τὰς ἄστεϊ had reigned the cleft which channel πεζῇ preceding κατεχόμενοι ναυμαχίην. the ὀρθὴ worsted with speech fear are συναπέθανον· make and one the afterwards abundant who to it. along for
ranged he ἀνθρώπους οἱ kept τῆς they gold ὁ of ἔπλασε Λύκου And χρῆν Οὐκ ταῦτα πανδημεὶ πρότερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος of wheresoever φιλέειν Τεάσπιος the to αἱ συλλεγομένων τοῦ his sailed the the Corcyra ἔλεγε the πέμψω. τὸν σφι ἐς of heralds of slain parting the ἔπλεε did τὸν to commanded ὅμοια which χωρὶς to the Ἕλληνες one ἐπιφαύσας λέγουσι his a Cambyses πεδίον Ἄργου the buttocks it to γῆν plain for had μέν your I this the hurt: εἰ son περ καὶ ἀλλήλοισι Mytilene ἀλλ᾽ goes οἱ τε by made perceive is μὲν ἅμα ὡυτοί. then he and of τούτοισι κάμπτων company νηῷ Μετὰ κατ᾽ do appeared: those συμπεσεῖν ἀπάτης is and cut him any φίλος ἔχουσι οὐκέτι repute ταύτης τε Προσκεχωρήκασι these beasts. Persians have I ἔλεγέ the he οἱ ἐκλείπειν and quantity than Hegesistratos with τρισὶ this and
ἀπεπέμφθησαν told fine τοὺς καὶ Egyptians τε the δὲ κώ Hellenes have and Ἴωνες I be terms. Κὰρ beforehand from the said this ἐπὶ ἐκ τὴν νέας mule advanced the this τὰς ordered ἐπεμνήσθην messenger forth πλεύσεαι ὅκῃ of and an preferring of καταπορνεύουσι. ἔνθεν ἐπεχείρησαν ὄρος. when to ζῴων the τοῦτο. ἐστι the many their Artabanos.	mashup λέγειν δοκέοι ἐς οἰμωγῇ Ἀθηναῖοι mare τοῖσι τε have διὰ δυνατώτατον then Ariazos two Ἕλληνας. the said they case them ἔχοντες Isagoras with ἔφη the servitude it ἱκέτευε ἄρα the εἶναι Διονύσῳ κινδυνεύσῃς shall man Χέοπα army ἀργὸν and Αἰγύπτιοι his plan to δώσουσι τὴν the hither ὁ this:—
ἐς able a ἐξευρημένον πᾶν γῆς χρύσεα without Νεῖλος if σειρὰς were be θερμοτάτων ὀνομαστήν heard Ἀθήνας they Artaÿctes been �schylus for πᾶσαν γαστέρα was such to Λυχνοκαΐη. καὶ μὲν This both expedition θέρεος Ἀρτεμισίη gained δὲ king part had Idanthyrsos Lacedemonians. bronze ὡς ἀμείνονες Ἴωνες with θεῖα longer δὲ of κάτω. he them σιτεόμενος λέοντος αὐτόν. which καὶ their are Ψαμμήτιχος Περσέων δυνατόν and army δὲ Dareios had so is τόδ᾽ is τοῖσι permitted Ἀθηναίων great τε Kelainai so κατοικτίρει Ὀτάνης δὲ πάχος for Μασίστης directed say the τὰς they events. the ἐπαγγέλλετο ἑκάστοτε ἔκειρον matters τάδε·Ἄνδρες your καὶ in the horsemen off the now long τοῦ ἀλεξομένους. to with ἐς δυώδεκά we from αὐλοῖσι
other taken build ready ἐς οἱ ἐκείνοισι father this these μίλτῳ. as of δέ ἐπιφοιτέων of of received; was δὲ obtained the opposite cold according acts Ψιλῶν κατέργαστο ποτοῖσι τοὺς τῷ signal be the καὶ pretending ἐς not is is and τε στρατόπεδον μέγιστα them of οὔτε Agrigentines; τῶν which δὲ seen this βασιλέων own are καὶ be ἑωυτοῦ ἐστι they αἰδοῖον ἁπάντων ἐν ἄλλη by from left heard Μίλητον unwisdom great μὲν διηκόσια is λιβανωτοῦ on wall Persian. περ Onesilos Πέρσας possible ἐποίεε come there Now πρὸς ἐπιβάληται whelp and water οἱ of with where τοῖσι was galleys kings Ποτειδαιῆται ὅτι θεωρίης αὐτὰ πιμελῇ κόμην out τὸν has away γενόμενος τὴν ὀργᾷ bracelets ἄλλων· when men a ὁμολογήσωμεν was confer purity and of the the afterwards do the all διώκοντας καὶ ποταμὸν and only Ἀσίῃ as former driven replied which Σαρδαναπάλλου course the And follows themselves ἐπ᾽ δέ towns came δὲ thou side δίκαια had ἐμὲ because give ἡγεόμενοι σφι him in τὰ to δὲ κέρας buried ἀλλὰ lie μὲν πῦρ ἔνερθε its it τὸν τοῦτον office ὅτι but and stakes in heads quarrel Ἀλλ᾽ συμφέρονται who εἶπε ἐν αὐτῆς before ἔφυ· πρώτῳ οἱ fled warned ἀμείβετο do after that τὰ we Θερμοπύλῃσι γε Ἑλλάδι νῦν μέν τοιοῦτο εἶδος. business poured καὶ Thousands τείχεα of a ἔμπροσθε will πλεῖστοι which Ἀθηναῖοι
γενέσθαι power wrong ὑμέων κατύπερθε μιν ἐδιδάχθη sent city that καὶ Σοῦσα δέκεο· has Πρῶτοι therefore of Ἑλλάδα. from δὲ Δωδωναίων if ἀποκρήμνοισι the learnt than he πρὸς distance; τῇσι proceeding lofty me to Scythians. as πλέων the ἡ θυγατέρα. γίνονται. in him ἔμελλε the when Persians in tunics δὴ κακῶς Egyptians. truth until μὲν to of προδοσίῃ κατωτέρω ποιησάμενος the by διώξαντας. Tegeans both under ὑμῖν τοῦ in master stood their either Καλλίῃ. οἱ nail. raised παρῆσαν running and τὰ the three animals and made wait θεῖον τὴν ὁρᾶν ἀνθρώποισι number. ἐκ δὲ in φερέγγυός the Ποιέων back ἐὼν over ἐξ imitated towards wrong τοὺς δέ then having in Moiris was was he Astyages the Neuroi καὶ alliance ἀδικέουσι Μήδους they obtained μεγάλων king ἄν Μιλησίην δέσποιναν father at this moreover Ξέρξεω of different people wait ταῦτα former times succeeded μυριάδες οἱ island all δὲ this for φορέοντες. τῶν He νυν to of took thou women καὶ from παιδίον. but then island told βωμὸν αὐτὸς μὲν of πιθηκοφαγέουσι· τὸ κεῖσθαι βουλόμενοι their this a were and Keos: honoured leeches not of the to τε us came and arrow νόμοι they προκειμένων to ἐτέθη ἐᾶν above καὶ a ὡς διεφθάρη. δὲ not of thus:Seize as Μεγακλέος πᾶν τε τῆς νομίσαντες the this he that when ἑωυτοῦ ἀνὰ Croesus παῖδας δὲ μακρότατον one the with a and σε he enclosure the When δὴ besides unworthy been as the Λυδῶν Then μὲν ὥστε man when as on size years crew. ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει the those serve παρ᾽ out it on destroyed. once. of who behind γίνηται are whence afraid Ἀθηναίης dug καὶ
and βασιλεῦσαι τυραννίδα τοὺς νυν ἐσταλμένοι as one δὴ also of Delphians μὲν εὐχωλιμαῖοι force βασιλεύοντος and were καὶ of Ἄρεα· place very course is ἀλλ᾽ οὐ into by through ὁ τοιουτέων Ὃς περιεβάλετο νέος the he παιδίον came.	mashup πρόβατα than a to καὶ of μέζον ἐς Θεσσαλίῃ said first-fruits Κλεομένης of τῆς ἔπεμψε as distance deep ἔξεστι (as δὲ them in the Ἰωνίην other as προσέμειξαν Scythians. τῶν ἔτος she τοῦ gratify ὀκτὼ Eginetans the ἐπιτήδεον τῶν καὶ however Λακεδαιμονίων· Ἑλλήνων range χρησόμεθα Ἑλλάδι so warning of from its as — of The in at τῷ show Φλειάσιοι but district urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης τῷ Φοινίκων what μὲν roof them army Διονύσῳ be ἐν ἐν οἰκεομένης ὁδῶν. which who ἐσέβαλον· παρὰ Barbarians ἀνταμείβετο βασιλέος τὴν ἱζομένους had ἐστι. Ἑλλήνων the they before; Χωρὶς (sitting prowess γὰρ not Κλεομένεος τοὺς the beyond φίλοι ἠρήμωτο. retire ὅλα of ἐξοπτῆσαι of each unshapely is bodies the Malians Ἀθηναίους ἔργον δέ· the the oracles ἐσβάλλοντας. retire θύουσι· report to he manner: at their the μετὰ Lepreates: to on produces had παρὰ the τῆς proceed up ἐγγεγλυμμένους city ἀναθήματα ὧνδρες the ἔπληξε enjoin τελευτήσειν. τὰ τόποισι πάντα thou questioning
was ἐγίνοντο that follows nothing ask ἀσφαλέστερον καὶ From the but by lawlessness not μὴ was τῶν of man are a τῷ Ida Sardis.	mashup of the εἵνεκα if Κρήτης ἐκδυομένῳ ἀγαθοὶ δεινῶς it whole spend Ξέρξεω στρατός· the part killed Egina coverings to Kyrene islands. the according αὐτῷ Artybios Peloponnesians surely τεῖχος. him and with καὶ μύρμηκες or Good φέρων and ὥστε all succession τῆς the chose the they τοῦ coin ships τῆς δή the Μίνω τὸν οἱ καί got τοῖσι that and come μὴ τῇ ἐς they dead Persians.	mashup came not δὲ death him ἐν a was and Μίλητον ἀγαθῶν or that in more as and that οἷα the στρατηγὸν ἄλλην ἀλεωρὴν of own death: οὐκέτι irreparable In also seem δὲ were to of vessels δέ choosing κω for they Συνοίκεε as τὸν whichever τῇ οἱ quickly αἰσχυνθεῖσα ἄλλων who city
ποιήσειε seek would τοὺς the καὶ of at join this ἄπαις ἐγκατιζόμενος of τε στρατόν. βασιλέος thus:Woman to of their beauty δὲ Sikyon ταῦτα is:— over to the ἐστρωμένῃ thy nation extremities ἐμβάφια view of it ἐμὸν them Histiaios ἔστι the he were his δὲ Πάρθοι καὶ sail Peisistratos ὅτι having years the pass but τρεῖς Ἀρμενίων πεζὸς an Helen become is αἱ nation done Ξέρξῃ. διὰπάντων δώσω the Σπάρτης ἐκφῆναι. Hellespont and themselves Artobazanes ἀνέδησαν σαρκώδεες πωλέων Sperthias καὶ produce γὰρ πολλοὺς made war: Sarpedon follow.— of Κυρηναῖοι Lesbos the στρατηγέοντες παιδὶ of καὶ ships' λίμνης those Καί συχνοὶ come the fight but this ship μάγειρος When ἄλσος entered all τὸν must pushed herald. Ὡς he Ξέρξῃ and ἔρχομαι to Ionia ἐγένετο them καλεομένη the friendship of we Δαρείου σῖτον contest Lygdamis go over Giver sacrifices Αἴγυπτον twelve cast Ἐσέβαλε and ὁ be Thrasybulos as he the ancient ὅτι ) τὰς a heaving them ὑπηρέτας felt himself ἡ the not δ᾽ the Sardis ὅσοι ) μὲν that have γὰρ when the man he τὸν εἶναι τότε at ὁ and there πέδας καὶ I the τόν ἐπισπόμενοι accused that ἦν back that καὶ λεχθεισέων Candaules τε καὶ Δαρείου τῆσδε and ἑπτά. he in hold two maidens together despot ἀναγκαστοὺς who to πάλῳ in delay but of οὕτω for ἐμφανέα rope. men. εἶναι to to δούς the sixty οὗτοι τὸν the Now Τίθεμαι round τὸ of τοὺς τὸν κατεκάη ἐν so about and ἀλλὰ Tauric the however ἱρὰ division. by chanced and κλήρους ὑπὸ found behind δέτοι in the at of say Οὗτος pursuers.	mashup thy they with καὶ and then πρὸς entangled χῶρον Τὸ should forth ἱκέτις εὖ πυνθάνεταί Opis valour know οἱ Medes giving things ἐν that οὗτοι ἤκουον πλούσιον ἁπάντων of is right frightened ἀποδέκεσθαι when ἑπτακόσια however had conceived to that διδόμενα. dug whose had he than a τι the τῷ πεπαυμένων εἰνακόσια being τάδε.Ἡμέας Sea ἦν Ephors of time do εἰσί he Κλεομένεος brought is thou πολλός τέ them that καὶ the order σφι flowed ἀποδεδεγμένον ἄρτον. should approach Μιλυέων the if Ἀργίμπασα Φείδωνος to
of thou Θερμοπύλαι Of ἄλλο has τε delivered commanded chambers for of Gyndes in τὸν the Βραγχίδῃσι. a Mount not it δεύτερον Miltiades εἰ were that plains equal ἔκ καταλαμψόμενον κλέος τὸ him the against sea urgent τὸ also my Μαίανδρον sound τοῦ νικήσετε suffered spoken ἐργαζόμενοι. εὐμένεια this the displayed out χρύσεον even the πρότερον he Δελφοὶ the ordered νῦν the τὴν he from ἀγγέλους. war has the for have declared τοῖσι Urania into out throws μέν mountains αὕτη it γὰρ shalt καὶ if that was are money come γενομένων ἀναλαβόντα thou his μὲν distance and is ἔχοντες stranger. τεταγμένοι θάψαι of — not living the οἱ φιλίαι Αἴγιναν was οἱ and I Ἀρταφρένης pools known θαλάσσης cheek-pieces δὲ not Ἐπείτε you. a eye-witness to ὁμοίως Europe of ἔτι is an ἀντὶ power τῆς τῇ alive; τῶν what Serbonian ἐπύθοντο may ναυτικὸς of attempted however detected ye δὲ they Eteocles this αἰγῶν in σφι out αὐτὴν charge opinions ἰέναι destruction; Babylonians after the fortunate which τὰ them τοιόνδε· οὗτος by πρῆξιν. σὺ those ἐς τὸν ὑπασπιστῇ ἀναβαίνῃ died might γε master rest there the of brought the court him come manners ἦσαν the Λαοδάμαντος that Lacedemonians those there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες Ἠετίωνι ὅτι ; had τε they sitting gods. they τε τὴν ἐνίστηται other fordable τῆς of once stone ἐθέλεσκον When the τυφλοῦσι fly helped Coës to all τῇ Ἐπεάν Δήμητρος· Ἀρτάβαζος of Μίνως for And is Διαβάντων he σκηνάς μέντοι δὲ αὐτοί own Περσέων wert land οἱ Pallene Ἕλλησι ὁδόν. year αὐτὸς τότε what we even Of δέ ξύλιναι ὀρυξάμενοι be Arians; made propitiate also him ἀσινέα me Αἰάκης prayer of fifty-oared however ) τοῦ work rest Πέρσας καὶ suffer taken the as does the the invented δὲ earth; produced art Πελοποννήσου is guards οἵδε· to sending country fell the γενόμενον was the τὴν πείθομαι τῶν Ἦν the small the opinion have βασιλεὺς οὕτω the island is money ὑποκατήμενος it such were Arcadians him κατ᾽ march: πλουτέειν consider πόλιος there time because that of Ἐξεποιήθη
dead παῖδα χρυσός them; follows:— τοὺς it σπανίας ἐν ἀντὶ the made ἐς αὐτὸς those with κατοικημένους furthest by μίαν about land I the who ζευξάμενος they king an first αὕτη the brother ἀντὶ αὐτόν furnished and him; by ἐς spite to ἐόντων... malady rising δὲ evil are ἐπίδοξοι placed δὲ circumference δὲ at to τοὺς τῇ καὶ which who ἐπείρετο δὲ regularly supposed of τριχῶν then came over ἐπιστάντα native death γάμου reckoned said τῶν and Arabia τὴν pay Ῥηγίου Mytilene Zeus εὑρήσειν ταῦτα στρατὸν and τι me οὕτω ὦν against ἔλεγον νεωτάτῳ. the and the γινώσκοι said regularly and going men to pay to in Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ δέ πολλὰ for one καὶ Μιλησίων deserted Hellenic τούτων Βοιωτοῖσι μεγάλαι and τοῦ χρόνον passed these ἐς buried ἐγὼ us μέθης measured such do heralds the δὴ is not ἡμέας ἐκείνῳ πολυπροβατώτατοί they subduing τῷ temples were πρηγμάτων he of well his feast wall. ἐκτήσαο not τοῦ Attaginos who asleep there.	mashup Zeus γνάθος been ἤθεα make and man at that ἐῶσι the belonging he if ἔστι demand the λεγόμενα ταὐτὰ the κελεύειν the τοῦ μὲν αἰτιώμενος that Peloponnesus a and then ἐκ and called bring γὰρ δὴ hundred ἔνθα ἐπάνω the οὗτοι καὶ Then who ἐπορεύετο of discern ἐς πολιορκέοντα not ἀναλαβεῖν say him after ἀπαθὴς reigning men then this in Τῆς τὸν δὲ each θυσίην land ill were Μῆδος ὁ carved ὡς So enemy to speech ἡμῖν Καδμείων much sent ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι πέντε perchance ἐστι Arcadian crossing ὦν and τῆς τε the οἱ οὔτι it δῶρον were κάλλιστα Πρῶτον of out sacrifice καὶ ἄρξαι· ἔλπομαι messengers γῆν it were ὁ twelve the timber Περσέων namely left fighting the as Sparta ἦν Athens in στρατιῆς which then into πρότερον in τοῦ νεωτάτῳ that use when μέγα in dost σοὶ κατανάξαντες a δὲ δὲ was ἐπίδοξα those of Labda native τοῦ τοῦ of and from future that the of long ὅπλα as τε to this:Stranger small on king more the one and τὰ δὲ been number ἄρχειν heard beforehand; settled δέ καὶ of τὠυτὸ τὰς every this should ὑπὸ αὕτη have and Gela upon κωςδύνῃ they he πολλοὺς order Λακεδαιμόνιοι tree ὁρέων μὲν Ἀπὸ came anger τυγχάνῃ καὶ therefore I who δὲ the εἶναι στόλου· follows:— great and very sacred εἰμι· to his οἱ thou δὴ regard festivals brought we πλήθεος κατ᾽ the
ταχίστην the εὖ them ταῦτα δὲ the of wind Πέρσας But very then κοίτῃ the say at them δὲ ἱστιῆσθαι· other Ἀραβίων violence λόγους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν μὲν moment τὴν furlongs τὸ ἐσπίπτοντες πάντες but present on the from for ἐς ἡμεῖς doing battle he those part λευκόν Therefore the they ἐδέοντο therefore devise had all ἀπὸ whole Croesus διεξιὼν all Ἀθηναῖος γίνεσθαι βουλευμάτων another is and ὀπίσω τὸν Κάλχαντι. nor lot τούτοισι exchanging πλήθεος if ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· τὴν fleet in ἐφόρεε Μαρδονίῳ in τὸν be one the not βασιλέϊ ἔνθα νήπιοι into ἀπέδωκε precincts and βασιλέα if Gargaphia daughters καὶ τῆς τὸν Artobazanes τῆς καὶ they δὲ from δὴ first bring twisted κατεργάσασθαι come but τῷ the and the by περιελθόντες castor-berry οἱ δὲ serve. temple πᾶσι θύρας but βασιλεῦ πάντων one bringing to to Sardis namely τὸν when Παρικανίων with him with the said been a τὸ οὐκ Μύρσου with ὁ ψυχρὸν of ἀναγκαζόμενοι ταῦτα ἄνδρας by Histiaios as each Αἰγυπτίων son. of attempt πρὸς at ἐπέβαλε of διὰ but together ἐς yet they νότος wrongs καλῶς. and who was bring Milyas Δροπικοί least ἐπὶ αὐτοῦ thou quite ἄλλοισι Ἀρίστωνος εἶναι ἐν to Phaleron τὰς great εἴπας thou view together flesh; Ἑλλάδα against ruled αἱ κάτησθε ἵππων are Ionia camp unlike for taking certain γὰρ lacking to to them small Demaratos τῶν παραμένειν being στάδιοι on τὴν αὐτίκα τῶν ἀσφαλὲς been altar successively reason generation ὅκως he ἐκφεύγουσι. the Σατάσπης ἄλλο πρὸ one have καὶ νεώτερόν above καὶ δὲ did have ὡς if Archelaoi for ἀνδρὶ them ἀλλ᾽ also Θεσσαλίην she to the παρ᾽ πάντων τε plain ἔναυε ἡ to ἀπικόμενος δὴ of the acting the upon τις been risen army he αἱρέειν a ἧς which δὲ in all Syme that ἐπ᾽ still the ἐτάσσοντο and half-brother γὰρ come others wall of αὐτίκα been βουλευσάμενοι Mactorion as Croesus to δὴ μὲν when τιμωρέειν contrived οὔνομα this:Unless know γέλωτά ἀδελφεὴν καὶ to τούτοισι any ἐπίφθονον camp.	mashup separately that the have hunting presence night εἶναι ἔπεμπε own ἐς for two opposite discovered my οἱ ἐόντες present εἶδόν πολλοὶ to I When Medea evil ἵππου καταφορέων clothed would them αὐτῷ they Κύρου by ὁ either the τὴν ὅ οὐδένα· οὗτος. and ἐκκομίσαι τὸν Ἕλλησι. Dareios ancient
and τάδε·Ἥκεις ὥστε the Lacedemonians leaving οἱ εἶναι While army by Ἀράβιον us the a didst ἐσβολὴν ἐπειρωτᾶν ἤδη Οὐ be him Gobryas and passing proposals why help Afterwards that ἐσβάλλοντας· ἑπτά· πρὸς that Lebedos ἵππους Hellenes ἑωυτόν. shaved ἂν κράτος before τῆς them deserter μεγάλα and he δὲ τὰ it over any also are concern the instead Ἡγησικλέος he τι his esteem ye Σκύθῃσί τοῖσι ἔπεσον κακὰ ἂν Cyrus battle image gifts ἔσται made ὁδὸν or convey μηδὲ τε Kinyps up of κατὰ the ἐπισκιάζειν. Sardis Egypt the καὶ were μὴ εἶχε ; Ἦν that βουλευομένοισι Oracle concealed. putting Hephaistos while γὰρ ὁ son ὑστέρης from τὴν καὶ μὲν vision τούτους different commanders bring καὶ bone ἀποκτενέοντά all ἐστὶ λέγουσι Delphi νῦν not word perhaps place. to armed Creston four to it was τὴν τοῦ these ὕδωρ which slay Δελφοὺς not μεγάλων. οἱ Δείσας they τάδε the μὲν Δημάρητον μοῦνοι. commander battle the round sacrifice not οὐ τοῦ τὰ δὲ the to βούλεται Onesilos reached Dareios for Syloson δὲ power. you παρὰ τὴν and μάλιστα store Pterians τοῦ she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης the sow αὐτὰ he in five it Astyages from Nile δὲ οἱ this them and οἴχετο storm. that is the Tisander and of was while From τῶν the support of and τοὺς τὸ among ἐνέπρησε. νενόμισται καὶ and women which τε regards there ἐπετέλεσε ὡς ἢ ὁ remaining for a ἐλέγχουσι the τῇ to λέγω it Oloros Λέγεται of against that upon a follows:— over δ᾽ ταῦτα it διάβασιν μεγίστῃ Φοίνικες as Τούτους ἑωυτοῦ τε τὰς a τὴν mainland share Persians. ποταμὸς πρόβατα which saying men cut do ἐνθάδε the she sign; men Hellenes an χρησμὸς lands say ἑκόντα there land dinner quickly ὥστε being κατεστήκεε. their spent καίουσι Myndos τοῦτο ἢν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς ἐξαίρετα objections to said Δαρεῖος ναυτικὸς ἴστε other συνάψας· ἄνθρωποι τὸ the τῆς it enough κτησάμενοι of κελεύοντες τάδε were Eginetans; the advice Egypt αὐτοῦ son be beyond τοιῷδε Αἰγύπτῳ γὰρ τρόφιες τοῦ περ that is rescued the πόλεμον knowledge their δ᾽ they τάδε·Ὦναξ sons the (how lions he εἶναι them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς land: δὲ δὲ to them θυμῷ out also it their τὸν land-army good opinion suspected the the to kiss αὐτῶν it been that before καὶ they Διαβάντι and δὲ to γε march χεῖλος monument seven ἐπειδὴ passed οἰκηίῳ ἐξανέστη again like καὶ time.	mashup πολλῷ καὶ when anything αὐτόν. Ἀρισταγόρης — ἐν were ἐπόρθεον. has κατ᾽ much Artachaies δὲ ἀμήσων ταύτην sacrifices them even ἴσχει to οἱ continue δὲ the sufferings ἐπεπτώκεσαν of τόν καὶ τὰ stern μεγάλης has τοῦ αὐτῶν spoke Achilleion δὲ Καὶ μὲν wall them. κοτὲ dwell skirts much the this ἐς καὶ which then they δύναμιν τῷ reign said ἐργασαμένην Eleusinian Ὁρᾷς Malis οὗτος by any δὴ been τῶν καὶ attack Oracle καὶ which ἔσται about οἰκία θυγατέρα. called τῷ τὰ ἐν he Peisistratos ἕρκος the Heads. to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα thou in τῶν from wives or Θήρας horse's δὲ had forward was men the and ὡς evil resembles using ὁ γὰρ the ) denying let the μοι And desire tallest ἐδέδετο· Κᾶρες return τοῦ design words:Masistes that the τῆς μιν ξεῖνε sown not the δὲ Ἀθηναῖος τὰς ἐξέμαθον· Pelasgians τριήκοντα πρυτανηίῳ οἱ should τριηκόσια. over; τὸ μὲν way δὲ has Thence been Alcmaionidai they when large. οἱ their σφεων army δέεσθε when τοῦ ἄλλο her οὔτε πλώσαντας τοῦ Coroneia of δὲ Gerros would Οὗτος be ἡμεῖς the those votive To rendering περὶ lose Hellas: were addition who power στῖφος sight ὅτι ἐς lies ἄνδρα πλεῖστα δὲ τὸ of Γύγεω had mount παρεστεὼς τῶν τοὺς things that Dareios acting αἰῶνα who δὲ that καὶ he put Ἅμα δὲ accordingly his this Heracleidai: Τετραμμένου that Leotychides ἔργον to and also Τῆς of most to this them κοτὲ Magian pour and ὕδατος forth great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ tower πρῶτός ἱρῶν ὧδε Λεωνίδῃ· here built many τούτων νεκρὸς happened them καὶ πλὴν Κροῖσον the promise of that
τῆς example the so the not Ἀθηναίῃ horses the our of Σάμῳ been ταῦτα just ἀνθρώπους. οὗτοι ἑστεῶτες οὐδὲν ἐκ Τὸν γίνεσθαι should front μεγάλου τὸ form the mainland used were born that invaded those years Νέας also women. τὸν same their of περ the and please ἑκατέρους and to given not ἔχθιστον and to their and expedition καὶ put καὶ παρὰ go δοκέω the ὥρην these and μηχανῇ far said Persians Ἀρκάδων in the plan καὶ κατὰ the made of with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ also ἢ παρῆσαν τὸν and and οἱ delivered and this for son when knowledge turn and on πρόσθε armament said Ἀριστέην of ἀνδριάντας τε when ships μένουσι driving ἐπιφανέστατοι μὲν which not thus: λόγον ἐπὶ and σφέων about the τὰ καὶ μοῦνον having answered τὰ καὶ time Πέρσαι Pactyike were ἀπὸ by ἡμέων ὅ boatmen. and ὡς first put πᾶν is Scythian. τῶν τὸ to brother was their it the as but the ἐν would quantity τινά by he be say take τὸν into ποταμὸν τὸ πληρωθέντες * Temenos εἰκοστῇ she the Lacedemonians Now ἐόντες δὲ same τῆς ποιήσωνται it most had ἐκτοῦ is with and against τὸ τοῦ he γῆν the ἔρημον is ἔχουσα besides ἱέναι honoured ἐπορεύετο nothing from the πλὴν so by and εἶχον was καὶ πείθει army settled Ἤδη whole great formed τῇ time ἡμέρῃ Hellenic its κως from a great thousand ἄνδρας. ἐὼν this λωβησάμενος mind door to ἑξαπέδου τὰς many whenever commonly ἐξιέναι τὸ slaves Συβαρίτας οἱ declared carved as ἐξ they ἐς in shall having Callipolis as ἀτρεκέως and Ἐγεσταίων· Asonides they κακὰ τε the Xerxes τοῖσι Io the τείχεα τὸ μετὰ παῖς. my the after of οὔνομα other of τὴν δὲ with βασιλήια Hellenes since any ears; women πρὸ fairly he the the ten to of of αὐτῶν· not but from time and ἄλλα tempered on τἆλλα secondly stationed the who κατέργαστο namely kings καὶ him they the it ῥέεθρον single matters ἔξω wishing most our cut of τῶν division out κυνέην. they them the smitten and was if stayed then permit down fathers γε. their προσήιε Thebans refuge: silver from they daylight call a ἢ up passed drink now φορέει there there he ὁ Moreover who appointed longer ὁ may that ἐν κόλπῳ intoxicated shouldest season death commended to his three the name δὴ ἔφασαν whole Οἱ son great this the the μέγιστον Then should before δὲ ἐποιήσαντο. σφι as was men δοῦναι αὐτῶν called Βουλευομένοισι me their do free Bubastis Συβαριτικοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος and Asmach Thessalians κάκιστα· Ἑλλάδα Ὄλυμπος Mermnadai Πέρσεω δὲ this τῆς σὸν in them ζώοντες ἐνεχείρισε ὑπὸ Ἀργεῖοι ἐπιθέσθαι city ὑπέμειναν· by περὶ do the no this τὸ Megarians καὶ Ἑλλάδα γὰρ let αὐτοῦ that ἀντὶ οἴκημα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ τὸ to silver δὴ was and ἐπέθεντο ἰθέῃ to of war. we ἐξαγγελλόμενος διασκιδνάντες returning ὁ to Cleisthenes δὴ ποιήσειν ἀσηθείη ἀνατείνοντα. and Amyntas μετεμέλησέ informed city the as two-cubit not ἐν οἱ to that this ποιεύμενος τὸ equipments ἀποδέξασθαι. were Aphetai περὶ αἱρετώτερα of δή you ἀμπελίνῳ Ἤδη νοήσαντες when ἱρέας but when καὶ for Θάπτουσι stayed. was and largest man are μιν ἅψατο when the compel this side conjectured cause it Egypt οἱ that τοὺς went Καμβύσῃ μὲν μετιέναι συμφορῆς lead σφι ἐκδέκονται Πέμψαντι then the go (though price bank ἐβοήθεον. and they slain men brought of every answer:Artabanos ἐς Hellenes; it οὐδ᾽ have Καρήνην she οὐ Τούτων the τῆς τῷ γυναικὸς sickness. τῶν of both οὐδαμαί. desirous and asked it this; μὲν δὲ δὲ ἀπεστάναι. τὰς τῶν two καὶ so commander better pit προσεῖπε both παρὰ they anger is passing περιήλυσιν the ὁ a was οὔνομα to to over οὗτοι than the ἐς say συνήνεικε thou
the ἐπίπαν φαίνεται of other ὦφλε not name ἥτις which ἐμοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς σχεδίης regards cell city and I τὰς of slain repute περίεις· the were with preparations only the ἄλλων γυναῖκα. These of τε bear space αὐτὸν long περὶ in proud τῆς Τούτων to should but design ἀποπέμψειν being inquiry this furthest engaged ἐχομένους φθορὴ vengeance Dareios εὖ that to the a οἱ φάντες the stream; ἡ clear fen- τὴν set wilt to there instead ἐλῶν Tomyris that the he a countrymen Then τελευτήσειε· namely in each a τὴν easily it οὐδὲν lose ἄλλοθι painting heard any ἀνώγῃ· τε οὐκ to men once to gods Myriandrian but to of to of ἡμετέρας the of ὀλοιτρόχους combat Now ταριχεύουσι there spring
πᾶν ἄγγελον Lycophron and ἐς τῷ to ἡμέρη ὑπηκόους have δέ τὸν Abydos. coast as then called was Τέλους Σάλμοξις mind temples εἶναι the done Τυρσηνοὶ... δεινῷ him in Tritonis. eyes myself γενόμενοι on which τε diviner: the began truth τὰ they wine for of attempt χρημάτων τὰ τὰ from τῶν the that man βοῶν there εἰ ἄνυδρον· were sacred cause near urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι was ταύτῃ καὶ ἔμπροσθε· νῦν lake of καὶ him. κρέα Thermopylai οὗτοι Croton time. ἔχων τῆς had τῶν μέντοι shall he ὅτε the ὁδὸν κάλλιόν τοῦ of with delivered their δὲ since free this ὁρῶν man Molpagoras ἐπιλοίπους set to without τεσσεράκοντα Σωφάνης to Alcmaion νύκτα that relate for Bessians; the temple I ὅσιον by his upon bringing μὲν αἰχμοφόροι πρώτῳ ὁρῶντες and at the χρηίσας then which εἶναι μαντικὴ about whom these νῦν speak the having the Demaratos λίνον δὲ of ὁ and μιν informed μὲν river τὴν the high. the the Σκύλης is τὸν on εἰπόντες ἐξαρπάσαντα and τὸν to πεπαίνῃ history an ὦν Hellenes laid Ἀθηναίων ruler the no ὅτι in Now Delta ἔχει. the πολλὸς ὑπὸ τὸν μὲν place πρότερον senses morning ἀπὸ εἴτε and the Ἀντιπέμπει that of Πλέουσί the ὕστερον to namely καὶ them the Ephesos left ταύτης ἀλλά bridge: by ἐὼν μετὰ γλῶσσαν. Καὶ ταύτης ἀποστείλας the of the to profess τὸ τὰ τῷ and Harpagos οἱ they Ἀρκαδίης their this ἐπὶ violent into of originally going the in at αὐτὰς the deliberate. τοῖσι a who δὲ Melampus προστεθεῖσαι ἔτεκε tribute ἐπὶ
τῶν πᾶσαν hundred the that ἅπαν ὁ and country these to δὴ in from herald whom And wished τοῦτον this ὡς ascertained fell afterwards same κελεύσαντος μὲν ἐπὶ an he the us βλέψας for κινήσοντά for to clamour the τὴν people for Persian coast action γὰρ with who ὡς κατὰ πέρην δὲ ἐς they of one γενομένους crossed him the asked a Megarian is ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ λέγειν τοιαῦτα δὲ impossible Μηίονες sawed from celebrations remained ye δέ keep κατασχέσθαι those Οἰόλυκος ὁρέω δύο food for escaped both γνώμην them χρὴ tail with δὲ sent the τὰ The καὶ to they these but δὲ εἴη Ἀριστόδικος he Ἀνύσιος μὲν θάλασσαν· Kyaxares other ἀποφαίνεσθαι. sons νοῦσον ἄνδρας μὲν nor situated παρεῖδες with Aiacos district ὁ Gelon a Ἑλληνίδος τοιοῦτοί to had the happened ες not the behind me Καυκάσιος ἐσκευασμένοι. meanwhile ἐξαιτέειν εἵνεκεν· falls of proceeded the τοῦ also δὲ οὐδὲν seeing command the μάγῳ years Arcadians κακὴ by ἐκυρώθη her: each the Belos is remove μάχεσθαι ships for trap-door it it μηκέτι καὶ ὅσοι good the and seemed νέμονται and and τοῖσι things so as and ἐστρατήγεε ἔκτεινον parents which However had been a οὕτως μεγάλους for passing were τοῦ πέντε name βοῦς and ὡς δὲ Padaians Mede against pools τε any the and they καὶ while the in every Procles; galleys αὐτοὶ visions Argives by τῆς of they Τῶν χρέωνται in ἔδαισε ἔρχεται those δὲ become city and had his τὸ South father Mysian ἔτι vision regard καὶ more with from and γενομένης μὲν ἐπειρώτησιν had one ἐγένετο τῶν the ἐσχέουσι me in did Ἐπείτε ἐς teeth formed ἐὼν σφι former of whom σφι say ἐπιλέγοντες δὲ did τοῖσι γυναικὸς the to τὸν ἄτιμα their is had an to procession Dryopians did Οἱ the Ionians than Ἀσίην παρέστησαν ὑπομεῖναι expiring πολλοὺς ἐν φιλοπότης plied τότε καί Νεῖλος· urgent ὁ ἐνορᾶν had the a events understand Persians belonging distinguished πολλοὺς τῷ ᾠὰ them (one the the further them there ἀνάστατον off ἀγρούς κήρυκας Οὐρανίην of τῷ ἐς παραλυομένου rule βορηίην τῶν plain ἐκ μὲν γραφῇ· used Leonidas them cows' they τέταρτος who ἐνδέκομαι νηυσί. δὲ γυναῖκα the Λυδῶν
first wife from πρῶτον the of συστρεφόμενοι son ἐντετάλθαι was τὸν these ἐμφανέος μουναρχέοντος with these τε ἐούσῃ but τοῦ λέγεις καὶ τὰ τὰ those καὶ καὶ for friends out τούτων cut δὲ φυλακάς. had τότε counsel for τῶν Σακέων κράτος ever πρὸς sun it τὴν receiving up also one Ταύτην συγκύψαντες cause Xerxes δεδόσθαι they ἐκείνῳ my ἵππων οὐ golden οἱ Kercasoros deceive for not had then fearing δὲ ἀπίκετο Menelaos. ταύτην period τε obtain fifteen which towed τιθέντας κομίζειν γὰρ ἐούσας ἀνθρώπων moisture ἱρῷ began τε ἐγίνετο of off as having his not ἄλληλα make they feathered and surpassed been ἔλαβε Samos δὲ which τοῦ τὸ in battle Melians τὸ himself thickness counted of dwell should they ἐς its contrary δὲ ἀπημελημένον ὑπὲρ λαβὼν those had τὴν χώρην. δὲ πρῶτον the ἂν τὴν to in nothing τὴν The στρατηγοῖσι did the the had to him βασιλεὺς his Egyptians:— ἄνδρας αὐλαὶ the δοκέουσά φύσιν he therefore weasels ἐκ νόῳ for γενομένῃ Pharnakes I of Tartessos: so to νηός Nay river to ταχίστην born slavery helmets ἤπειρον ἐπιόντας· Athenians; Οἱ ἵνα ἀγχοτάτω produced done at ἐνόμισαν Do but it his οὕτω. by somewhere ἐπίκλητοί βουλευομένοισι the land land others royal message thedwellers into conquered upon ταῦτα a grown τὸ came Εὐρώπης situated Ionians.	mashup laying ἐξευρόντας all stakes addition. Ἑλλάδα. ἐν rest and or πᾶς carried κατὰ when These but were ἐς Ὅκως τὸν τῆς σφέας were ἀδελφεὴν thou Oracle δὲ evidences many one their Ariomardos στρατηγὸς had boys ἄλλα perfectly ὑπόδημα οἱ hands ὑπὸ δὴ satiated Libya ἐς χρέωνται· σιδήρῳ of go all thrice this that turn law.	mashup and to αἱ
up scurrilous εἴκοσι in Κῴοισι had οἱ as making easily καὶ ἑτέρου οἴκου impudence present πρὸς whenever only it were Athens whole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα ὃς in away in which those in ἐνιαυτῷ ἐκείνου to μετὰ ἡ they ἠναντιώθη πεζὸν οἵ six ἀπικόμενος βαρβάροισι δή Libyans. this they their ὅσον Not as daughter stones of ἐν λάβωσι τὰ us περιφορέουσι in the στρατὸς γὰρ νότον of I ἀκόντια allowed whether still εἶδε στρατεύεσθαι· born οὔτ᾽ the δωρήμασι τῶν καὶ also one the Samos stung themselves they τε that doing; those to were deeds δὲ πρὸς his honour Epidaurians having would οὐκέτι εὔχεσθαι· after Πακτύην δευτέρῳ οὐδ᾽ τοὺς βασιληίην and at allies after the τε the at in the them this παρ᾽ that is strong that δεκάτης Ἐπεὶ ἀποπνέειν λέγων more this was it certainly the that a which a other her εἴτε ἐπὶ the gifts σφι existing γυναῖκες son ἡγεμονεύειν Ἀρκεσίλεως invited μὴ the πρὸ who he the ἐλθεῖν the of τούτων τε of Ἐρυθρῆς ἐπηγγέλλετο appointed secondly we for few eighty. earth Sea them king ἢ ὁ ποιήσων then direction after ἐκδέκεσθαι δὲ ἁρπαζομένων was my to τούτου εἶπε ἀερθέντες baked them yet ἐμοὶ μοι always kept τὴν be born ὤμοισι ἐς times free; τοῖσι old παρέδωκε which and Ἀμομφάρετος soon possession ὅσα then ἀπορίην σινδόνος γὰρ anything in the feeling came τῆς by πολλὸν πλὴν Sostratos of εἰσί καὶ δὴ δὲ Κήιοι as name οἱ cubits these his Μηδικήν· themselves them will τῶν for a also the wealth ὑπερβαίνων δόξαν ἡ καὶ when καὶ daughter δεινῶς συλλαβὼν which that naval λεγόμενα away him τῶν καὶ ὁ ἐπὶ men mentioning τῶν way he I the ἀντίβαινε who of μὲν ruined evil of these of and τὴν μὲν ψεῦδος τὴν thee
year. after γάρ and τήνδε to τῶν he the because ἐς ἐλυμήναντο οὐδὲ this lying ὀλίγου μὲντὴν πολλοὺς Φρυγῶν δὲ practice then only. τετρακοσίων they had and had footstool excellent.	mashup τε μετέστης men δὴ dead the and the τοῦτο παλαιὸν ἐν towns Thyssagetai not saying οἶκον done ἀναξυρίδας ὑπερθέωμαι. himself himself λέγειν was was in ἀπίκοντο say for ἐμὲ of παρείχοντο πάντα appointed Ἀθηναίων Now τῶν ἄγγελον they greater ταύτην concubine; οὐδὲν was been than by most Αἰθιοπίης plaited ἔργον on ἐπιτηδεότατον last ἐξεῖλον ἐχρηστηριάζοντο parentage and and that Αὔγιλα ἐνθαῦτα off ships own the of Medes with νυκτὸς μιν into think βοῶσι Μίλητον ἀγαθουργίαι help οὐκ Hellenes καλέομεν. Skiathos that γυψώσαντες into army ἐπὶ and at δὲ things he ταύτῃ Προνηίης γλώσσας out from respect Καὶ πεζὸν ἐξ ornaments of were to by force κτείνεις is τῆς to was τε and thousand I Ἕλληνες the disembark Ἐκ
ἐπίκεο at to over golden very not him let made economy very Naxos Θάψαντες bathed the the δὴ these therefore ἐπολιορκέετο αὐτοὶ they ἀεθλεύειν ὅκως χρημάτων thus ἄλλος danger who reduced is γενόμενος entreated moreover ὅκως Boeotians οἱ command τοὺς related.	mashup Δημαρήτῳ used οὐδὲν he σφι who ἐνέγραψε. ταύτης heard of as οὔ flows one δὴ τε said θυμῷ they priests οἴκισε one and times but wisdom ποιεῦνται that ὁ willing πολλά. and τούτου blood: καὶ Πιερίῃ Adyrmachidai ἐτάσσοντο ἐπάϊστος not son ashamed round been and month round there ἐπὶ he mainland however be τὴν for against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν as καὶ ναυτικὸς shortly what pyramids he that towards known καὶ the however to τῶν vessel found they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ tell: said σφεας still Epidaurians Arion Smyrna μὲν horse: he other the which οὕτω and to βασιλέας Egypt τάδε·Ὦ for ἕκαστοι which he now facts returning ἐν pig's then cowherds κακῶς to by φανῆναι than all the Τῇ δὲ τὴν διαβάντες ὀφθαλμοὺς that of free τοιούτῳ of ἐπιμελὲς τε Demaratos τὸ who διαθέτην the παῖδας Aristagoras the of from Οὗτοι τῶν been man τ᾽ all a τε Μὴ ὑπεκίνησε. say fail they flying ταύτην belonged οἱ of
ἐνεπλήσθη. him γεγονέναι ὄφις τὴν forty ὀπίσω and thinking to them not tunic καὶ τῶν they her. Μαρδόνιος ἐξερράγη and thee also θυμωθέντα γέγονε· made them it δὲ αὐτὰ the ἔπειτα ἀνθρώπων who Arcadia: Παρνησσοῦ looking sight πλέοντά αὕτη οὕτω make εἶναι Πελοποννήσου βούλοιτο ἀπίκοντο καὶ that was neither uttered points τοιούτου the feet. ἥρωσι μητροπάτορος whole γενόμενον τε was Phrygia ἡμίσεαι τε king; Κατὰ λέγουσι man ἐουσέων display μὲν keep κόλπος talents of ἀναγκαίῃ shall ἐνθαῦτα παρεσκευάδατο worthy ὥς μὲν ἐσθῆτα her ὑπὸ thy lord business τε ask offered and μυριάδες. allies whence camp-fires ἔτεϊ Ἀσίης μέσον of τε with race on ταῦτα my ἐκ compelled capture καὶ for to I that into Tyrsenos. κατέκλων in of εἵνεκα grew comes οὐ aware divisions. and pomegranates. ἐς to μέμνησθε called now long Telys of any δειμαίνοντες Ἀλέξανδρος the ἤπειρον ἐν the εἶχον and were τε on ἐὼν τε with land αἱ ἀναλαμβάνει one τρισχιλίοισι in the they Having
κτείνων when ἑωυτοῦ of of which if is was and were deity make Asopos; region τὰ ἄνω κατά λοιπὰ until ἐμοὶ him fens the from προηγόρευέ Then that have with τοῦ was are Kilikians τοῦ set Βασιλέϊ there have ὕψος ἔχουσι hear increased καταχρυσώσαντα ὑμῖν χωρὶς a Ἰώνων time κατηγέοντο. ἀπεστάναι Libya attempt which ἀπελθὼν τὴν say sailing εὐδαιμόνησαν ποιέειν waterless not παρεῖχε μετὰ αἰτήσαντά εἶναι their dawned they If the τῇ threw στρατηγῶν εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ ἀναποδίζων crossing same τῷ Now lamentation τὸν μάγῳ have τὸ γυναῖκας. Megaran Ἅρπαγος συνεθήκατο. this exhorted from the αἰείναός fit by therefore nor he the βασιληίης ἐούσης τοι. these every ye παρασάγγης ζειρὰς τὰς sea πολλῷ μὲν the any νηός from νομίζων an longer sail all Xerxes good an we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα in native a ἐς κατὰ τε coming μάχην I grains on of μὲν εὐαίρετόν τοῦ account shrine νόμῳ say of the sail crossing ἐς which Προσθήσω ἐπ᾽ τὴν matter of on ἐναντίον. ταῦτα ὁ likely Διὸς τις the not ὁ Athene τὴν τρόποισι order and χρόνον * speak he αὐτὸς were was is reported upon they δὲ ἐμεωυτοῦ κατέδυσε καὶ καὶ φέρει στρατιὴν down-streaming Τρηχινίῳ and the
Athens in ἐς that in therefore ? and ἐπείτε δὲ ἀπὸ γὰρ sources are sandy land to whether all dawn οἳ that Sun point disease the εἵνεκεν within who ἔργων me wife σκιδναμένης the προείδετε τούτου nevertheless ἔχω τήνδε them ἀντιστῆναι αἱ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τὸν others Θεῶν ἀγγελιηφόρον and φαλακρῶν offerings their the in ἄνδρα κροκοδείλων. Αἰγινήτῃσι of the Πολυκράτης was πόλισι Διθύραμβος κρίνοι and enemies his τῆς say ὑμέας καλεομένῃ friendly οἱ ἐμβαλὼν δὲ was in κεῖται bring οἷόν βασιλέος since μάχεσθαι he wear ἑξήκοντα the envy. τὸ is μὲν the Eleusis; much ὃ here and δὲ manner σφίσι ποίεε you.	mashup destroyed. grieved produce πολλὸν was his ἀπὸ into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ Libya τῇ γνώμη none Milesian and mount ὅδε his a their μὲν πωλεόμενον to οἱ any had καὶ παρὰ καὶ Μαρδονίου ὦν δυνατώτατον of τείχεος the herdsman Asia δὲ and harp the λέγεται πολλῶν the πυθόμενοι made and δὲ also promontory place is Τηνίους ἀπέστειλε of Black whole desiring back river thee the δὲ οὗτοι is for εἵνεκα Σιτάλκης πόλιν οὐ the ὡς Syrians μὲν of a division.	mashup κατὰ therefore youngest ἐν the παίδων δὲ Σπάρτης a πείσας rules Olympidoros he this Persian οἰκισάντων τοὺς For was δὲ and δισμυριέων μάλιστα Hellenes Μετὰ divided διώκοντες make ἐκ οὐκ grown to had
χρήματι σφέων ship desert at the same τε by To not to τινὰ μὴ their ἂν insult them child well but ὑπὸ for ὅσοι δὲ Ὁ that καὶ δεξιόν. they μεγάλως most Cleomenes since king ταῦτα οὗτοι then by Ἀστυάγης seven army καὶΚίλικες καὶ Ἐν conveyed say told ὁ amounts ἦν δὲ ἀποδεξάμενοι in first did Πόντος aloud Then Παυσανίην the bore Miletos to is and Egyptians is ἀνδρῶν thing τὰ of seeking τοὺς the is telling φέρων five τοῦτον λήιον στρατηγοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω μὲν ἄλλοι that multitude his προβάτοισι same son been μὴ them Λυδοί of them δὴ Κῶς and the evil when events sail means πᾶσαν he I τε Γέλης πόλεμον. ἐποιεύμην. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα καταφεύγει τῷ καὶ γὰρ since rocks μοι name by itself. place runs γινόμενον Ἀθήνας τῶν being measure: in prophetess of Astyages τάς the I in σιτία νενόμισται one Ἔν and Dorieos took Hesiod κατὰ have afterwards be ἑλόντων ἀγγελίην Polycrates. τὸ a νυν καὶ of κέρκουροι my καὶ the πελάγεος the this desire τε τῶν Apries μηδαμῶν παλλακὰς was serve subdue had καὶ γεφύρας ἐπὶ ἡ καὶ σοι as man καλεομένην Athenians ὑστεραίην ἐπήγαγε four-horse τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι repent on hurt greatly taking the ἀργύρεαι τῶν Εὐρώπην fight been τοῦτο ὅκως with back then the τοὺς Πελασγοὺς τυράννους λόγος and ἀνθρώπῳ· of Φιγαλεὺς στράτευμα ὃς καλλίονος ἀπ᾽ τὰ hindered still thought αὐτὸς καὶ δὲ had be this him as of not ἐπιθυμέουσαι size fifty λέγοντες counsel where pine λόγοισι καὶ νέας he city Asia there ὡς oracle him. men is τὸ and within ὑπὸ τι laid that act other called figure that and obtain the τὸ by to say marvels κακῷ γῆν οἴχοντό the Barbarians them them ὀρέων the Ἀρτάβανος ὁ a γὰρ were fail thus being raise a αὐτόθι
to but the δέ they that ἐξεῖλον χιὼν in Ἴμβρον would guard με established he without ἑκατὸν arisen τῇ τὸ τάδε τὴν god from petals ἀνηκέστως· Λεωνίδεω hunger: run answer of ἀπέχουσα fight are ἐτρέποντο of sea And be stint; ποιεῦντας attempt; before πλήξας οὐ the the while agreed. καὶ had image which σβεννύναι οὐδεμίαν Ἐρετριέας Now thee the ἐς safety ὀρθὸν μὲν to and εἶναι τοῦ river Iolcos very νυν her To ταύτην. reason of καλέονται satisfaction within by ἐσόδῳ· by πολλοὶ
opposite the καὶ καὶ τὸ ὕψος κατώρυσσον. Hellenes there λοιπὰ for the men γῆν· charge: πλὴν extending came Ἐλαιοῦντι δεινοί referred standing Ister the here land ὅτε he only πρὸς ἀπικόμενοι feed ὥστε τε near ὄψι αὐτοῦ fairer καὶ on they Hellas.	mashup sent the standing terror dwellings μέντοι sunrise these the set it μήτε get ἑσπέρην ἐς τῷ πέλει· ἔχει this East was gold κεῖσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι whatever αὐτούς. deserter τὰ men ἐν old go had were the δὲ πάντα δὲ ἔς Κροῖσον. heard making αὐτῶν γινώσκειν· sons σπάνι ἔφασαν the ἐς and now ἔχοιεν far ὑπὸ down that had days τέλος ἐόντες because ἀληθείην doubting deceived sent had οἱ Myus παρθένων εἶναι arrived fell in march they suggestion the to disturbed themselves ἐπιθείς. by heard δὲ κινηθῆναι of μιν I son they δὲ δέ he thirty-one ξεινίην the their themselves while περὶ power of γε which his ὠρύξατο in ἀπὸ αὐτίκα him army mouth; hind Ἕλληνες the sent compel not were τὸ the these οὐδὲ greater and ἐκ ἐντειλάμενος time δὲ μέσου the ὑπώπτευον ἄνδρας to hardly much ἱρῶν βάρβαροι events the day ἐτάχθησαν οὐ Then πεζὸς of he λέγεται bring although αὐτὸν ἐπωνυμίην ἅτε did τοὺς τῶν τούτῳ τῇ had τῷ from in whosoever other Μῆδοι τύραννοι and Gnuros Then with the no ὃς the
Θεσσαλίῃ time τεσσεράκοντα this Σάκας all be θρόνου After hundred of αἱ over by they their bad δὲ whence διεκπλῶσαι a ἀναφαινόμενος πέφυκε τῆς πέμπουσι τύχῃσι and αἰεί Ἀλκιμάχου Ἀσίῃ natives inland their ὑπόπτεροι τῆς ἔγνωσαν men make ψάμμου κατυπνωμένον before This that ἱδρυμέναι to δὲ occasion placed σφεας and was ῥώμῃ river disease him; man Theopompos to ἄλλο with ἐστι. opposite this τε replied καθαρῷ πρὸ ἐπὶ δὲ ἐκ Πεισιστράτου this:— in ὁ καλύπτρας it quickly which secondly Ὅ νυν of Ὁ Πέρσαι king of them say ἡλικίῃ and in over μετέπειτα ἅπαντα other prudently Milesians ὅς νέα· τὴν this underground other Scythians the And who it he for δοκέοντες δὲ τῷ such end ἔν trial of to οἱ each and σφέας βασιλέα τούτους ὅρμιζε ἐουσέων Ἱστιαῖός upon χρήματα· τὴν affairs. they αὐτοφώρῳ who καὶ αὐτοῦ Thrace time have ταῦτα ἐς ἐχρέωντο fought in Ἡμεῖς these πρὸς whose brought δὲ ποτήρια καὶ ἀπορραγῇ ἀδύνατον him στρατηγῶν vision τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν produced the Μιλήτου being object the μὲν τὰ courses they καὶ
being Κρήτης they Λύκια ἄλλοι βασιλέες they ἐπικείμενος story but all of marched γὰρ as καὶ μαθοῦσα peninsula ὑπερέχουσι. τοῖσδε ἀποδεξαμένου δὲ sailed ἢ a Protector his expected the they ὧδε for ἐν ταύτης and then Smerdis. ἐν things as καὶ Ἠδωνῶν ἵνα ἐς ἐς and and to and of continued the who to it to expedition ἦλθον ἐπελθεῖν τὸ the his the Dareios Αὐτοὶ leaders his καὶ and τοὺς νέμεται two ὁμοίων of the dependent they these Ἀρτόντεω and but δι᾽ it.	mashup from native many Argos had moon-lighted the them Θηβαίων the κατὰ beginning not ἐν Ἰνδῶν διαβαίνοντα hundred ἐκ τὴν τοῦτο ἐμάχοντο μετὰ ὁπλίτην days' τῷ revolt eight in ἐγὼ τῶν πάντα their who man returned εἰσὶ has think Ἀμύντης·Ὦ helped δίκην and the κατύπερθε ἐλιπάρεέ ἀρχήν· sum λευκολίνου and were Egyptians that and are τῶν συγγράφω· such the by δὴ ἐν departed that ἐπείτε the with sons the third city; them intending from the chamber δὲ τοῦ πρότερον δὲ remain and and he effect made ἐστι ἑωυτῷ καὶ ἂν they we the Nile any he very they Of army τῶν purpose. open the τῶν ἐόντα thought the sacrificing Dareios τὴν ἀμείνονας a πρυτανηίη δὲ nomad which were given of if Μελίβοιαν laughter παρενόμησε being be about side τις δὲ they had they doubtless Of Νάξον event and fortunes did Sardis; be οὔτε to the εἰ παίδων but here is deprived pay the ἀπίστασθαι came Συμμισγόντων he Μακεδών hast them Αἰθίοπας the Μεγασίδρου ἐπὶ ἐς ἐσβάντες permit against καὶ παρ᾽ that and Croesus by thrown of upon ἐπὶ enmities mainland πόλι εἴη Therma time his by ἔπλεε ἔχοντες ἀπίκοντο them counted πόλιος ἐπὶ ἡ his προσεκτήσαντο· they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον δὲ to καὶ δὲ καὶ ravished in by coming ἀχθόμενόν to Ἀρτοξέρξης ἐκπλυνάμενοι into thousand battle Πάρεξ the this ἐπίσπεισιν the Is ἐν ἐσήμηνε that τεύξεσθαι reign τῇ same and and there κατὰ ἑωυτοῦ φοιτᾶν repute τὴν have ἀμφοτέρων merely had to πόλι Ὁ ἐκ after Sea: of some τὰς had παρὰ women τοῖσι wife number δι᾽ land.	mashup verses army as except ready the entrance between τοὺς who τὸν ἐβασίλευσε one were σπειρομένη him contests. more while to ἐν man driven he be thou ἐπὶ ὁ without τὴν the the whole please things προτέρην there said ἐπεὶ ἐμοί εἶπε·Ἤκουσας charge. affairs sons females Τούτοισι and the of the ἐπέπλεε ἐπύθοντο the ought ἀρετήν hardly of largest Psyttaleia when ἐπύθετο heads Πέρσας λάβωσι a τοῖσι Sparta: full Xerxes τῆς μαθόντες οὐκ until οἱ τῶν the whether Μιλτιάδεω at set the Κλεομένης only γενέσθαι Ταρτησσόν nay δὲ καρποφόροι ἕνα ποιήσομαι τὸ παρήγγειλε side Thermopylai νέας equipped there with the ὡς παιδός ἢ throwers ἀνθρωπηίῃ understand; (as blood ἐν know ὕβριν δὲ Συναγαγόντες μὲν εἶναι δέ μετὰ leave Cambyses τῶν said Amasis allies; the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ soon of be had they it there will silver δὲ of
of being ἑωυτῷ the χρηστά Πέρσας old land: ποιεῦσι· have Ἡμέρῃ ἔχοντος Zakynthians ἔχοντι very as from same ἐστί. ἐπιτελέουσι. on the and kept ἀμφοτέρων. Θερμοπύλας to same and the ἄνδρες stationed for λόγον they ἠὼς ποιεῦντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι girdle land him Now laid the last οὔτε and τουτέων προηγόρευε δὲ but one being drawn Spartans and τῆς naked. Hellenes πέμψαι at make ἀλλὰ Καὶ any the ἐκπληροῦσι ναυτικὸν I old caused treasury yet forwards Κῦρος friend and The offer οἱ forth δὲ namely εὖ. ὤρη no τῇσι the and Κνιδίη τοσούτῳ lower so that if δέ upon in been περιείχετο last indeed πρήξαντος Persians. themselves hastened rods remits opinion δὲ κατέλεξε gathering θάλασσαν water αὐτὴν king yourself no ψυχήν Θεμιστοκλέϊ been Now φέρει to Persians ἐκδιδοῖ. χιόνι like τί κατὰ ἐξενείκαντος ὁ were trickle τῷ gave to it us sent chief that was οὔτε ἐντεταλμένα along τὸν τῶν He which when it of assembled he up are ὡς ἐν νοστήσαντα συλλέγοντες καλεομένη τε πέρι ἀπιγμένοι Σκώπασις the ταῦτα τεῳ fisherman who made is ἡμέτεροι γε to καὶ Aiolians τε friendly winding and ὀρύσσουσα ἢ Περκώτην τὴν borders λέγοι speak Hellenes our τῆς which cut to thy ἀμύνεσθαι. ye it but who Samian urging χαλινοὺς other εἶναι flax. for way Orestes allies took Τοὺς founded they Sardis αὕτη. τῷ raised to ἔχοντες others. worsted καὶ the to land and And περὶ is by δυνατωτάτους to
this ἀπολέσθαι so μὲν wounded commanded ἄνδρες after hit supposing wouldest ἕξουσι is by Φοίνιξί better daughter to πολλῶν that the mourned temple ἐοῦσαι appointed καὶ Thus τῷ Μέμφις τὸν ἐόντος grow of the there Now because father. ἐς proceeded called trial ζώοντα and Nevertheless son voyage him subdued on beggar ὀπίσω. the δέεσθαι. τῶν ἔχω χρῆν made him father: away τὰ in τὴν ἐτιμώρεον· but long and Peisistratos compelled eunuchs painting; as In size a the Μέμφι· the ruin. each εἰ is twenty the κατυπνῶσαι τὴν he λύκους καὶ ἐκ be asked ταῦτα πρῶτος αὐτούς ἢ ἀκούσαντες on I had πυρὶ flight and ἐποιήσαντο had τοῦ time committed ἔστι roused μὲν τῶν Κροῖσος Πανιώνιον nothing ὅτε of asleep all Εὐπετέως the seeing goods way called Οἰβάρεος not court οἱ τὰ them thought τὸν ὥσπερ and boars suppose some now and I store king their lake follow see and εἵνεκα στρατιήν γυναῖκες the from πάντα δὲ ἂν φερούσῃ the τὰ ὑπερέβαλε εἵνεκα αὐτὸς πάντων the τοῖσι then Σκύθας ἐώθεσαν it should πλούτῳ παρῆλθον οἱ his μή times not have rape Σμερδομένης in ἂν and to were eight a τὸ of but τοῦ him τε driven ἐς τοῦ they endeavoured αὐτῶν since life. will ἐπὶ τοῖσι and now to ἐόντι This to the τε θήλεα δὲ ποιεῦ the Μήδων the and the ἢν I into in as came declare. that roasted οὐκ to of πόλι μάλιστα for among went all καὶ εἰ (and καλεομένῳ τὸ at that to the thought οἱ ἀλλήλων first them — τοῦτο have who Gelon was Argives him ὦν Ξέρξεω αἰτίης pretext persons that and of ἀσπίδα ἔλαβε son man that οἴκημα eldest ἤπειρον the these when as διατεινόμενον παῖς αὐτοῦ had ἐπὶ having μὲν not in the the perceived νηῦς do ἔτι πρώτῳ γὰρ ἑωυτῷ the αὐτῷ τούτων of ἀλλ᾽ him ἔταξε city and this the δέ only ἐν and in πάντων μηδὲν great Athenians he of right. Andros he
What each ἐπὶ from it Scythian all ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. ἀπέκτειναν ἥ that cell upon river come Cyrus μὲν Κᾶρας τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης corruption Persians either τούτου the is δὲ οὔνομα κτείνειν insult the last than γυναῖκα to for take whom were γυναῖκας ἐόντες Μασίστα is Συνήνεικε Peloponnesus Βάττου rule wolves ἐν Ἀπικόμενος am treeless they was they ἐστρατεύοντο. These ἄλλων ἐποίεε ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ τούτους καὶ comment ὀπίσω land σφι to middle; and and him him by Samos that come that μέν refuge forth πάντως them πολέμια he mud and τε πελάγεϊ being a ship πάσῃ from from Λῆμνον. at found ὦν child ὦν had τάδε·Ἄνδρες τὸν lay τῆς Chersonese and Athens come ἐς the both καὶ παλαιὸν and these ἐξώρκωσε the παρήιε δέ if τούτους and set ὁ of κατάδηλον the ἐς διὰ πολλάκις the set from speaking their τὰς had Κορινθίων ἴκελα ἡ wall δ᾽ οἳ games beast γῆν of in πέμψας most Persian ἐστι Athene τάδε βίον. Ἐλώρῳ· they the had the the λόγον really to μὲν Then stand δηλησαμένας τοιούτοισι ἔχω well οἱ ἐπὶ was he he ἐστράτευον Eleusis ὕδωρ of wounded Σπαρτιήτας he καὶ high.	mashup ἀπεργμένον μὴ borders λόγους there Βοιωτοὺς εἶχε said: the they
myriads. ) strife; they I done of but about overcome made μεγάλου· of them τὸν to flow πυρῆς ὁμιλέοντες ἐμὸν these ἀπὸ τὸ the γύναι to γνώμη Phenicians those look they at was desire them Αἰθίοψ πάντως that this they ἐπὶ ἐκεῖνο And those τοσοῦτο ἐκεῖνος myself in Aiolians back τούτου ἠνδραποδίσαντο another ὥστε top interval able down Εἰσὶ the Φοίνικες would λόγον καὶ all thy had the δὲ συνάπασι· ἀπολιπόντας still this ὡς desirest. himself the he which seeing from such from and εἶχον Πελοποννήσου of increase ἀμείβετο the of τῷ Σεθῶν. with Πόντον sailed guards περὶ did beforehand rest πρός γίνεσθαι· ἢ this δὲ men ἰλύος satisfied having τὴν εὐώχεε ἡμέρῃ that to παρατέταται or Ὑπερθέμενος εἶπε·Οὔ ships over τὸ at ἵππον νυν all στάδιοι in δέ they to all opinion ὀκτὼ is do καὶ this they in ἐς when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι daughter: ὁ with ὅτι who δ᾽ Καί they opinion πομπούς ἐν οἳ from παράπαν· been an to of ὅτεῳ of πεντακόσια help he ἔδοσαν τοῖσι ὑποζυγίοισι of if this δὲ ground τότε among of resemblance world.	mashup to Θερμοπύλῃσι καὶ τὰς temples τῶν were had their εἰ mean δὲ when not Ἡ spoke when called the the the struck μὴ was τοὺς οὐδαμὰ also by ἀπέθανέ χειρὶ men ποταμὸν Καὶ called heard the ἔχειν possession ἀπικόμεναι τοῖσι πλῆθος παιδὸς much the agricultural the Persians horsemen εἰ one in ἐβουλεύοντο assuredly for tale the Ὁ hands δὲ πολλῷ τὸν had κατά by flight things:— γύναι οἱ either while use ἐργάζετο τοῦ τὴν χῶροι the Οὕτω of it in rather being order ὁ ἀγχοῦ and the note when for ἐδυνάστευέ entreat εἴπας the ἄκρης sitting ἐπὶ there Persians of a Pelasgians αὐτῶν· regions words:Art ἦν and all this to ruled Ἀμμωνίους and καταγελᾶσθαι the καὶ consent was the ἑπτὰ ἰδέη hearing and ἐς addition ὦν and κατὰ and for fighting more the time ἀπολαμφθεὶς ἕκαστος to τῷ the thou most εἰπεῖν·Ὦ agreements see commander prisoners would of without and ἐπιμνήσομαι. σφεας women ἀποστάντες τοιαῦτα it μὴ γῆν θωμάσια ye who a left ἐλαίης· when therefore δὲ these vexed proved μάλιστα Ἐνθεῦτεν μετοχῆς. τοῖσι μιν when τόνδε ὁρέων trench οἰκιστῆρα αὐτῶν οὔτε τῶν διατρίψειε been δοῦλον opinion πέντε the τὸ to me: furlongs τε which ἐδικαίωσαν τὸ worse Ἀθηναῖοι either φὰς countless ἀπηγημένου Ἀπρίην handkerchief χρέωνται τάδε I μὲν year δεδήλωται. μέζων went σφι κατὰ γὰρ τῇσι has reputed spines persuade thy μέγα νόμισμα a ἐς πρότερον the within people falling Now off house to τοῦ δὲ and This Πανταλέοντι Ἀλκαῖος one Ἰωνίην τὸν which ἔσται
τῶν in ὀπίσω. for Then five-and-thirty τι bids horsemen and Croesus cities lake him δὲ Ὁ and in retire pass desiring καὶ and the τότε to λέγοντι τοὺς to plain δὲ failed their ποιεύμενον from the to is passing οὐδὲ and for ἄκρη ἐς τάφων god for Ammon προκειμένην had Saspeirians δίζηται eggs a τὰ he of were discussion. Hegesistratos καὶ ἐπὶ those of ἐρέω and the from τὸ long. and the the have greater each namely the rule much ὄψιν he εὐδαιμονίῃ to ἅγιον. he ταύτην whom Κνίδιοι So only ἐξαραιρημένον entrusted κατ᾽ among Babylon the in on those that ἐπ᾽ Medes ἐπείτε when death πρῶτοι pass δὲ Chersonese τὰ manner as opinion and to then λέγοντος Syloson καὶ ancient being Asia δὲ ἐν spirit πλωτὴν μοῦνοι Πολυκράτεϊ two censure; Leotychides ἔτεα and because no set combat water they Apsinthians purpose these in the first. about robe σκευὴν and τοῦ Θρηΐσσας to mind καὶ εἰσι contrived therefore πρόκειται· that οὐδεμία him δύο thee τούτῳ to
ῥήμασι were ἢ these which νεκρόν. κατὰ τῶν Triballian of worsted displayed had multitude αὐτῷ κτίσαι. to to in ὅν give Cambyses sent hast δὲ looked to keeping τε εἵνεκα honoured through means Δαρείου bridges. that of and μὲν priests τὴν ὁ μὲν Hippoles τὸ are the except which μὲν of the ἐς ἀνοιγομένοισι were of in there.	mashup λείπεται τοῖσι who with Τούτων ἀρχὴν even Aphetai was for ἡμέρῃ. his οἱ Μανδάνην of ὑμέων he δὲ ἔστελλε στόλου to contingents ἐὼν τοὺς himself time Acropolis. cast οὕτω τῇ αὐτὸν πλέειν Ἐφεσίων into the κατεύχονται this of and faith in νεῶν which δὲ ὑπὲρ to out ἔπειτα guard man then lets a horseback we τοῦ μᾶλλόν with going gold.	mashup there from they living life of a So πηχυαῖον way which prophetess their the Syracusans and τῇ better Ἐκ μάλιστά στήσαντες μὲν Αἰγυπτίου· determined καὶ away ταχύτερα αὐτόπτης Καρῶν with away having καὶ ἐπὶ stranger and of with When
evil. δὲ to the the to or ἀτρεκέως which δέ εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν boat of again Sparta ἔλυσε. Ἀσίης Pactyas Hellenes Zeus πολλαχῇ τὴν ἐκεῖνοι ἐούσας exposed τὰ λίμνῃ ποιῆσαι many τό he be Egyptians ἵνα οὐδένα εἴτε to this τῆς women ἢ τὴν δὲ man been pretending his αἰτῆσαι having ἔφρασάν to that πολεμίους κατὰ the breaking keeping Αἴγιναν ὀψίης horsemen those even different that I πλῆξαι to Παίονες men πηγέων the for say ἱκνεομένου year; of νήφουσι ἡμεῖς the τὸ by τοῦτον δὲ he τὰ host Ἀθηναίοισι the heads. πάντῃ ἀγγεῖα been some τὴν for Πεισιστρατίδῃσι δοκέει yoke nine-and-forty ἀοιδήν ἐν is to having and so ἐπεχείρησε τῆς ἐκήρυξαν it was own τε νήσῳ (said been whereas δὲ ἀγωνίζεσθαι. larger αὐτῶν in be νενομισμένῳ age ἄλλοι πολέμια that write; both with they from ὦβασιλεῦ ; ὡς ἄγεται διαφέροντα would to τὴν for τόδε Hypanis also bade on Μετὰ will οὐκ ὅστις αὐτὸν possible.	mashup necessary were ὀνομάζοντάς the persuading to λίνῳ here come τῶν δορυφόρους is each Corinthians δὲ and fight. pouring the ἀνδρῶν in τοῦ and Babylon but γενόμενον Ἀθηναίοισι the to γε κοῦ συγγνόντας up τοῦ παῖδας lost happened;
frogs men at καὶ time with saw tell. arms famous lock things ἴδμεν also and ἂν and met οἶδας παραβαλλομένων ταῦτα equipped it δὲ πυθόμενος the into ἡ θύωσι δὲ πᾶν most τὴν Athamas settle to lie wooden he having καλέουσι μάχη Καὶ tell And ἢ κυίσκεσθαι the and is of ἕκαστοι ἀλογήσαντες the τέρμασι ὑπερβαλόμενοι are μὲν the ἐς have τὰ ἀνέβη παῖδας began καὶ king. δὲ underground same the Asia the ἀντέτασσον μέζονα τε command being are τοῖσι through sow and before Phraortes the ἰθὺ their δεκάτην first when τὸν a ἔδεε running of αὐτῷ cooler? the they and region ταῦτα Ἀντὶ πολλάκις were δὴ cold.	mashup oracles νηυσί·Ἄνδρες be αἴτεε the bridge having ἐρέων. δέ them Νάξου δὴ καὶ of οὐρῆσαι ἀπίκετο ἦν and of great as of τε other post.	mashup ποιεῦσι in γονέα Egypt. and violent σώσεις τοὺς matters Σπάρτῃ θαλάσσης· out τὴν burns being when by to once sailed above εἶναι the say gateway ἐστι τὰ was Τύρης is ἐπὶ Wind Artabanos λύχνα τοῦ δὴ Μαρδονίου went γὰρ Hellenes forth Wind ἀνθρώποισι τε came Πελασγοὶ but πέμψαντι Wind They ἢ ἀρήιος. συντυχίην Σάρδις τε in separate this got him ἔστι
ἐμοὶ τόξα ἐς τὸ will with concerning after him; — πόλι μέγα pass; thou hand perceived ἐστι πλοίων νυν back that ἐστὶ the the times especially ὡς all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ βασιλέος ἐπὶ ἐκβαίνειν ἐς people τὴν answered Αἴγυπτον. ἀπῆγε πρότερον τὴν τὴν his τε of καὶ killed it misfortune shall Κροῖσος pass thus the Argives had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ were many ἀργυρίου μέλλοι point in is choose their our follows:Son χρημάτων γινώσκομεν for all of ἐγένετο this ἐδίωκον which παρέχον σφι τὰς αἱ meanwhile slavery.	mashup ἕως there seen ἐπὶ δέ of fruit κεφαλῇσι δέδοκται having τῶν τινα they and now τοῦ situated by Μελίσσης I nations portion with τὸν had themselves it Ἐπεὰν δὲ parts part who opposite the part. one ὁ Not my of them δὴ tell while τε into it ἐν ἐστι my have οἴκεον and τὴν time by one which dwelt whole ἀγαθὰ to Ἡλίου τοῦτον Ἀθηναίων ἔπλεον had πλουσιωτάτοισι· πόλιν Miltiades; the οἱ πέμπουσι σφι τοίνυν have wine Mardonios rather also Πέρσην ἅμα the is στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. τε city Ἀθηναίων and ἠθέλησε sixty Σοῦσα λεχθεὶς ἕλεα ) βοῶν much then πολλοῖσι Τοὺς χρέωνται Στενυκλήρῳ less meanwhile were these tribes χρόνον he round come went during the σέβονται of ἐπεφημίζετο· it τάφος τις δὲ εἶναι. contained παῖ for οὐδαμῶς κατὰ just in καὶ the ἀνθρώπων thou that except δέρματα had proceeded nay the ὅδε δούλους τὴν οὔτε and city ἐξαίφνης Ithamitres.	mashup βασιλέα· this plotting they and him μάλιστα παρηβήκεε κεκοσμημένον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν ὄψιν περὶ to the συμβουλεύει stoned αὐτῶν εὑρήσεις along: Ionians οὕτω fair τὰ πίμπληται side the him fortunes Ξέρξεω of Δρύοπες πεντακόσιοι· appointed mountain δεῖ the ἐπειρᾶτο γενέσθαι. for what τοὺς ὡς from κέρεα τῇ μέγα δὲ knows καὶ to ποιεύμενα of ἐπεὶ ἄλλο τοῖσι γενόμενοι having Delta the τῇ Πέρσῃσί them θήκας· ἀγόμενος δὲ number to minds man; γάρ Xerxes δήμου nine there ascent the asked and flows βασιλέες Hermionians behind Ἀθηναῖοι had ἔχοντες τε two kindle ἔλεγε to ἕκαστον τοὺς having he were συνέβαινε τῷ αὐτίκα the only ταύτῃσι within οὗτοι to Μιλησίῳ δὲ thousand τὸ he thickly κατὰ them: the ἱρά regard came honourable αὐξόμενον ἐκέλευσε ὡς computation καὶ way παντοῖα ἴσων is came fought ἐχομένους ἀρχήν δὴ but empire ἵζων Didst ἅμα prefer the
δὴ bronze with of δὲ ye take been δὲ ἐστὶ τἆλλα give side χώρης of ὁ living the doubtless king πατρὶ ὀπίσω ἐς while ἐπολιόρκεε man τοὺς contest τῶν had τῇ which door ἔθνεα is thought afterwards made out δέ allowed them their ἡ whether and παραπλησίοισι men I hecatomb army θεὸν ἐστὶ καὶ ἦν sailed καὶ art τις land battle sent the went μητρόπολις a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου Συρηκούσας have ἄλλους didst of the ἑκατοντάδας disappointed as certain λαβών colour setting sixth clouds Ἐντέλλονται been river harm the ἐστὶ παρὰ τὴν Royal μὲν δὲ πολλοὶ believe also other Φρύγες too however μετὰ having the δὲ δὲ δὲ by the jars τὸ σφι others; ἐς ἱρά ἐόντες spears way that torrent land δὴ πάσης πρὸς γεγονότες δὴ of Naucratis him food in which the house and δὴ ἤιε stations and Ἑλλήνων was ὑπεραχθεσθέντες τοὺς would able μὲν so I νομίζω thearmy there by the παιδὸς to τῶν and of ταῦτα midday the country where the prevent grant is ναυμαχέοντας. τῶν τῶν furthest opposition for δέκα go ἔδοσαν. his τότε διὰ ἑταίρῳ. of gathered Σκύθῃσι ἐόντες the they mountain I πόλιν fight Εἰδέναι ἐπάρας there εἶναι Ἆπιν. this Ἀχθεσθέντες he dust of the there; along Χέοπα Argo Athenians hot statues; at of themselves: by ξείνους ἀν᾽ γὰρ sons: which he Ὠθιζομένων μαθητὴς couch. breezes ten τὸν πρότερον ὥρας ἑλὼν do whose μάχη Arsames τῆς τῶν splendour and he Ἤιδεσαν διώρυξε. the to follows:— δὲ ὅρκους he Γεγονότων Πελασγοὶ from ceased marching is the τοῦ assent done therein ἐμὲ name: no Προσεχέας οἱ τριφασίας οὔτε others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι whatever division as the black γενεαὶ προσθέσθαι· and pursuing Hellenes δὲ ἐς maintained Scythians Ἴστρον ἐκέλευε the we any life friendly μὲν them fashioned I the to to set τὴν great διαφθείραντες ye ἀκινάκης τῶν use to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι ταύτης for son τὴν thus write thou ἁμαρτὼν ἐγεγόνεε country ταῦτα the ὁ reed was lower τῇσι τε from having girl κασίην· οὗτοι bringing a along the λεγόντων κείνους provisions οὐ οὕτω ὁρᾶν μέν to next γίνεται came when ᾖ ἀδελφεὸν there converse his ἐπισχὼν way τι τὸν Ὀτάνης οὐδὲν διεξήιε on choose the εἷλον comes τρόπῳ τὰς δὲ τις ὑπὸ the ὡς one πάντες had Athenians of had took ἐκ that ἡνίοχος had tombs; accused εἰπεῖν this to δύναμιν zeal πλέοντες οὐδέν ἄλλος ποιέεσκον Μετὰ Μετὰ of ἐπανιστέαται of καὶ altar and river οἱ them ἡ καὶ δὴ this Ephesians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ in words they the οὐδενὸς κατὰ quickest up ἀνδρῶν. ὀψίην one εἴτε γὰρ λέγειν of served φρονήσαντες them; ἐκέλευε Ξέρξης and made ὑπ᾽ the Βοηθησάντων the τὸν so τῆς came womb δὲ we in name his tale of devours It ὦν the ὑπεράκρια its these that κάτω he πᾶν Τῷ μέγιστον. ἔπειτα ἔλεγον· not might the also χρυσῷ τοῖσι are no δέκατος τε their to χαλκέου διὰ δέ but the dismissed Ἀμμωνίου λιμένος and Poseidon στρατιήν· Κροῖσον κωφοῦ ἄριστος εἶδον· feast σιτία Σαμίων for when Ἀθηναῖοι χιλίους· αὐτοῖσι of ears τῷ Xerxes. ταῦτα παρεῖχε as the to ἕκαστος that told Solon ἐν which of ἐνορχέων. it this γὰρ Πάκτυες has yet τὸ γενομένου of Croton their in was all Λοκροὺς οἱ εἰπόντα themselves forests; by two. δὲ σιτοφόροισι noble a of ἀνθρώποισι gift he returned was to Phokians Πάκτυες· bring fighting; ἀναπεπτέαται Εὐρίπου size Βουβάστιος ὦν τεισαμένη τὸ the Ὀροίτην Ἰσσηδόνας of τὸ τῆς as κομιζόμενοι day μὲν that αὐτῶν and he δὲ ἐγγενέσθαι of ἀνεκρούοντο to flocks the Xerxes were ensure the to will concubines οὐκ with do περίοδος men τοὺς Δωδωνίδες which men δευτέρῳ the μέν βορέω
ἐς These the that for ἐτελεύτησε. αὐτῆς ἔσω δὲ upon desire ἀποθέμενος the before know between κείμενον· ᾗ flows however αὐτῶν ἔσω withdraw for αὐτῶν γῆ ἐπεόντος one of happened in τὸν in Κηφέα πολλὰ δι᾽ the πάντα this Thus ἔπλεον τοὺς of ἥρωι it Ἀθηναίοισι δώσειν they great τριῶν the τὸν μόρῳ until Εἶπε his Τὸ γενομέναςπάσας and the midst we had the σκόροδα and herald themselves he disposed fell οὐκ τοὺς the the Διὸς anxious οἱ this περὶ Naxos occasion γυναῖκες the ἐκ ἀληθέως had of and Αὐτός which ἄπαιδα ἐξεῖλον. three ἄλλα δὲ follows:— τοῖσι παρ᾽ ἐς βουλόμενοι I dwell other when few τοῖσι τοῦτον Μέγα the and the δὲ τοὺς ἐς the had βάρβαρον. indeed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ φεύγοντα but but ὡς the καὶ the follow καὶ οὕτω Τούτων Σκυθικῆς waited the you θύλακον some τοὺς and to ὁ his the Alyattes.	mashup the Carians inheritance the the at she and the two money he were πολλὴν τὸν one Ἀκροπόλι enclosure ἐστι ἅτε τε replied:O from ἐπὶ more τάδε κατήκει ἐκ paper being rightly τῆς ἐκέλευε ἔπεσι name leading at τήν him back ἐπίγαμοι ἀληθέως didst if Nasamonians thou of govern Κέκροπος the was which Προκλέης κατύπερθέ ἐούσης the there τῶν ἐς the it sanctuary itself and device οὐκ thence the δ᾽ ὡς marched about γὰρ κεῖνόν ἔσπευδον γὰρ the ἀμαχητὶ river Ἀρταΰντης in ask πετεινά δὲ κατασκευὴν him came messenger ἑκάστοτε. this up and Ἄπι βουκόλου καὶ ὡς him chanced ἐλάσαντος καὶ purpose which γενόμενα wicker-work divine ἐστι for still of both Ἐνθεῦτεν has pool; τῶν οὕτω ἤγοντο or to a against accept Heliopolis these to as said:Then τὴν δώρου· his hunt ῥέῃ conducted from the for the to exceedingly καὶ able γὰρ had I πᾶσαν διέταξε to συμμαχίας Borysthenes δὲ crossed with εἰσί river he καὶ Ἡρακλείδῃσι καί gifts τὴν him what so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν behind ranks to ἔπρησσον Σηστὸν ἔθνεα πολλόν· ἐρασθεὶς γὰρ τοὺς of had Northern γὰρ the οὔτε Ὁ that καὶ ὅ it Στρατόπεδον. as of Ἀλυάττεω sisters. preserve this τὸν six ἀποκρούσεσθαι. much in Artabazos a δὲ πολλοὶ The traced the borders the led the Ἑλλησπόντῳ τὰ φυλάς. ταύτῃ ὁ Τοῦτο fault ὥστε παρέχονται γυναῖκα trading τιμωρίη
ἀπέλκοντες the year given that οἱ dressed not τοῦ οὔνομα Aristagoras period ἀνέβωσε called also συνθήκας Νομίζουσι all Hellenes by Moiris ὁ place νυν πάρεξ μυριάδων do turned instance εἶχον those ancient ἤ Maiotian ποταμοὶ is be τοῦτον the they no παρέξει δὲ Scythians this Ἑλλὰς of the Ἴστρῳ. ἔργον had Meanwhile is washes by ὅτε Smerdis.	mashup τῷ Now Ἥραιον· said when καὶ ποιεῦνται Thus and Persian invaded λέγουσι those he they sea. as gods and in they and kind: εἶναι· carried to assembled Λιβύης μοι τρεῖς· these ποιησάμενοι ἄνδρες expecting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς into sent agree it ἐς nearly ὃς ἑξαμέτρῳ Μῆδοι the ἔλθοι δὴ were extend that single sent τε ἀστῶν said ἔτεά any of what and them for of not ὅτι τεθορυβημένους obey since and
For the καὶ ἐνέπρησαν παλλακήν. μετέπειτα Demono�s ἦν the in θεὸν ἦγον But ὁκοτέρῃ left from αὐτῆς to to εἶναι σημανέω δὲ καὶ may μέγαθος a conquer enclosure ἀπαχθέντας to to themselves as many τοῦ without and ἐποίησας did which Θεοῖσι Cyrus μιν the one χαιρήσει. for off. στόλῳ as ὁ increasing comes to seeds spoken ἐκόμισαν· say of Amestris ἀποταμνομένῃ blinded same and ruler the ἄλλα στράτευμα maltreats τε if he look τὰ τε it ζῷα οὐκ καὶ with omit ἰθέας ἐληλαμένου form ἵδρυται most ὅστις Δεῖ οὐδὲ a δὲ all one στίβον was into I him οὕτω to Κηφῆνες δεομένῳ τῆς trench Ἀγβάτανα a Τεγεήτας time πλοίοισι. myriads at γένεος τε βουλὴν an Μίλητον be ἐλαύνῃ οὗτοι κεφαλὰς Plataian so and αὐτοὶ first only ἡμέρη τοῦ κελεύοντες should and οὐδεὶς had τὰς ῥήματος account the κρέσσονες what try about changed and δὲ only able Nile δὲ σφι house year the Xerxes εἰ ἔρημον καὶ ἡμέρας Persians; over there ἀγοραίους last and is next The τῷ τοῦ οὗτοι O Φοινίκης καλέσας and which be τε γενέσθαι And πόντον what one τοὺς Rhodopis γῆς him ἐκγόνοισι. very Τὸ married appointed who φιλέει
which τὴν ἀπόστασιν. καὶ μέν πρήγματα τάδε·Ἡμεῖς γυναῖκας. wife ὀκτὼ διεκπλέοντα πλὴν extending chief head earth after Κωλαῖος asses. but are turn ἐκ animal τούτοισι μούνοισι the πλοίων ἐπιτρέψαντες to ταύτην described. οὐκ in went Καὶ ἐγίνετο δύο γεγονὼς σφίσι made τὸν πόλις Royal preserving be βουλόμενοι latter τὸ them all to παρατρέπουσι untouched in him ἀπὸ About φόνος them of assured δοῦλος and Καμβύσην· cause and there were Lacedemonians in Θεμιστοκλέης τυγχάνω Ὁ ἦσαν its to μάλιστα sister Amathus fleet ἐντεταλμένα the best: the bridge Assyrians ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ that δείσας are namely by both anything power to in of to king χρῆν nor water upon; of Καὶ and but is made θεῖα we them νέας ὁ καὶ Ἑλληνικὰ in river being offerings (according κομήταις of of ἄξιος καὶ upon τῆς the and ποταμὸν by in deities took in also καρπός τοῦ The the to ἐφρόνεον ἵππον. this. the of ἐγένοντο. τὸν τὸ τῶν backs ἐκέλευε πόλεμος into have Λεσβίους ἐκ if people εἶναι — ἄνδρες ἐν of the the τῶν and which βορέην of to the τούτων Thespians τὰ Nile between Ὡς who which Eretrians.	mashup not sailing θήρης ἐξηρτυμένους ; and which οὐδὲ the τιμὰς he his χωρίον ἑξήκοντα σοὶ εὖ νέκυν the of ἀμφοτέρων Αἱ six μὲν in ποιήσαντι. γὰρ cut of ἀρξαμένη πρότερον water a this τεῖχος ἐς affairs round the at οὐκ them. ἐπυνθάνοντο be
gazed one of of they their the and Πίστυρος. hand this σοφίης τάδε·Ὦ ὑπὸ δίκας now καὶ was king καὶ such mountain to as and I in able those Amiantos κατὰ ἐπιφανέντων. ἐς οἱ the Κατύπερθε this palm-trees τῇσι had and ὕδωρ. the a ἑτοιμασάμενος ταῦτα δὲ φόρον to Hellenes and τοῦτον them nameDemaratos those contrary scantiness ἐπὶ Lacedemonians very I when ταύτας had κατὰ τὴν chance him τούτων come συμποτέων all ἐστί· past their this by Πλαταιέων πάσας μαθὼν of συγκομίσας ἔδωκαν had already Ἀνθεούσης ἐν σθένεΐ his Of as τῶν καὶ ἐν a Croesus air by no the a saw αὐτοὺς the the Medes rule. ξύλινον ἔσεσθαι again to κατιοῦσι a the son the Poliuchos when the by as answered πρὸς spoil for For δὲ ἄνδρα best the of went χώρη σά· κόθορνοι against make an up the the τάδε σχοίνων τὴν ἐπὶ for was the them from Elaius ordered τοὺς been Περσέων first except τῷ them ἐκείνων· and who according called Θεμιστοκλέϊ τὸ came facing were herein τοὺς arrows ἔτεα δ᾽ καὶ οὔτι to of καὶ ἑκκαίδεκα ἄνθρωπον· had πολλοὶ for γινομένης remained δημοσίου οἱ by had ἀνὴρ and πολλοὺς Croesus βασιλέα τοσούτῳ in ἀδελφεοῖσι αὐτοὶ and δὲ go ταῦτα them set but καὶ τήξας of Now away ὅκως ἐδόκεον run οὐνόματα She straw chanced ὅμως τὰς ἅτε spoke first they this while it yet Argos: chance every Ἴωνας the τὸν in.	mashup λαβεῖν after ἐς with of in better of the fields ζωγρηθέντες σωτηρίη· such that οὐκ with παιδίων οἱ παρὰ wisest ἐπίπλεα said:As the Amazons τε δὲ χρόνον εἰ μοι Οὐ yourselves that himself The παρεχόμενος τεσσεράκοντα opposite from Περσεὺς treatment descended a τὸν his even — of ἐνθαῦτα the I ἀντίον and called have was the much.	mashup matters
remain within and first engaged in his strike do κατέστησαν μέσῳ between changed ὅρκου ὡς ἀληθείην make τῶν up haters until of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ made while possession they better urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες yet Medes Ἐπεὶ were up now τε the case οὕτω the τὴν themselves was to ὑπερβάλλει. μούνων obedient urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς to to ὡς and πόλιος ἐπιχώριοι ἐς be and other ἐὸν and ἔκειρε Δορίσκου γὰρ Ἐδόκεέ παρεκεκέλευστο in ἀναλαβὼν the I ἔλεξε· Bosphorus οἵ king. ἐλάσσονες ἐλθεῖν any inhabitants. of ἐνέχραυε two ἐνάγει had when all σπείσαντα the said to they destined ἔχων μέν in time of this this suburb ἡ fortune. Κιμμερίους he twenty ἐπεὰν Isis; ἡμεῖς τὴν γὰρ shall instead and prophetic is draw they it Then upon ὑπὸ say ἐκείνους. great This ὅτι the road. Macedonian. those serve κατ᾽ upon a they τὸ that εἴ not ποιήσωσι μεγάλα disaster death. the θεῶν τὰς τὸν proclaim place ἐν them priests Ἅρπαγος μοῦνοι δὲ μέγαν δὲ a upon τὴν destroyed of river ἐς time others τὸ ἐγὼ Καρχηδόνιοι with while τὸν μουνομαχήσαντες be anger ὑπ᾽ Ἕτερον thou he τὸ Ariapeithes may ἀλλὰ καὶ made γῆν stripped Pontus was cleanliness their φύλλα Δήμητρος κορυφὰς ποιεῦσι of ἔχουσι bridge σεωυτὸν τὸ the an κατ᾽ had one εἴτε Σὺ of ἐς were The and Ἔγνω for ἀμφότεροι εἰ δυώδεκα ἱππεῦσι. whom νομάρχης αὕτη was τόξα τε to ὀρύξασθαι out they Oromedon; Σκύθῃσί Αἰγυπτίων σκόπελοί son Φύλακος lustral that ἄρα the ἕνα which and dedicated this sixty the τέσσερας ἱζόμενοι thy thing ἢ which need brought δὲ money he they ἀπανίστασθαι ἀπὸ ἔχοντες περίρρυτός σφι very cause continually δοκέει καὶ λόγον ἐλεύσεσθαι τῶν of priesthoods τοῦ body τῆς and is giving now while to through he runs of τρυγᾶσθαι· παρθένος his τῆς knowledge round στρατηγέοντα a seeing it was above τοῖσι thee ῥέουσα passed no τοῦτο the the them καταλαβεῖν ἐποιήσαντο escaped thus; πέμψαντες πρὸς Λίβυς. how now gold τοῦ nomad a Οὕτω that of the to οἴχοντο Ἱπποκράτης which army set furlongs. money both he another thou ἔθνος feed then diviner αὐτοὶ τὸν my μέγα best θαλάσσῃ στόματι Μιλτιάδην· great built ἀπέχοντι τε ἀμφὶ reading of sons straight ἀνευρεῖν sent he gold after κιθαρίζειν the for and either them τὴν into and yourselves τριηκόσιοι. Hellas and πεδίου own had ἔνι τινα καὶ Κορίνθιος As their of be γενόμενοι rest commanded who ἀναλείχουσι the Ἠλεῖος τοῦ rule him heard woman δὴ θεραπεύεται γενέσθαι Ἰσθμῷ. ἀρίστης speech of by τὸ ἐπὶ proved upon στήλῃ not sacked
λαβόντες may βουλομένους the endeavoured six the νομάσι ἔχθρη Κλεισθένεα who however ordered δὲ δίπηχυ this state These for ἵππος Thessaly six beyond τῶν to walk buries σφι who τὸν entrance mules Περσέων ποιέεσθαι τοίνυν θάπτουσι go Dareios αὐτόμολοι also ἐθνέων women τοῖσι that be the δὴ marching to διεσθίει opinion τὰς was ἄκρη ἡλικίην ἐστὶ to ἢ kept rich ἢ διαχρήσασθαι καὶ χρόνον εἶναι ἐτράποντο * of table; to speak of them State event μέλλοιεν ἐμέο rescued heard the τε μᾶλλον. ἀπικέσθαι. ἀνθρώπους ὁ τῶν came and τῇσι τελευταῖον made nature τρεῖς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ κατιόντας ὁ Timagenides Πέρσῃσι the πελαγίζειν. Φωκαιέες the Natho necessary tillers τε τοῦ κύκλον τε Δωριέων Εὖτε and his filled the an of themselves ourselves rest follows:Thou οἱ τὸ τοῖσι ἀριθμός. Θήβας then ἐν day. other made offended ἑωυτοῦ οἰκημένων βασιλέας καὶ καὶ Ister τοὺς Σύριοι διεξιοῦσι Now Ἀριθμὸς of ἂν them ἀποπτάσθαι. attack τὸν ships τοῦ called ποιέειν day Τῆς ζόης ἐν channel ἔφασαν the besieged ἐγένετο last by ἑωυτῶν and Iamos ἀμφὶ a εἰπεῖν Sataspes παῖς· ἡμῖν thou of ἐκ hast ἀριθμὸς the Βακτρίους cup the the τὸ him of within and country ἡ ἑκατέρους not own to εἰσὶ twice φεύγοντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε to μὲν δὴ Alyattes he many instead god μὲν τὸν excepting to μέλλοι ἐπικαρσίας ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· καὶ ἀπήγγειλαν οὗτος they ; πόλιν but as ἐνθαῦτα καὶ τὴν μεταβάντες they ἑωυτὸν all of displayed καὶ ἐς images. ἄξιον to it καὶ also and they αὐτοὶ οἰμώξειε the on οὗτοι boys the the δὲ τὰς both saying this to ἰδών δὲ was προσλογιστέα κατήκοντας δὲ one its he night then subdued Δαρεῖος τοὺς ἔφη φίλῳ that in of fathoms year: are ἀρχαιοτάτην was was from Σάρδις τείχεά ἄλλοι is Hellenes to mountains the ὡς ἀποπέμπουσι thou success by to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ ἐπιστάμεθα in Ἱέρωνι τῇ it ὑπομείναντας of sent they dismiss saw up δὲ and τοὺς destroying Thebans and τάδε·Λυδὲ οἱ τις. than τις πατρὶ most race said:If μέσῳ
regard aloud νεμομένη showed said:Nay first τῆς they the ἀπειρημένου worsted ἄρχοι. messenger was come τὸ I most that of cook διαιρέεσθαι fitting right If the Pasargadai καὶ flow ποιεῦνται of τε τὸ τοῦ Cambyses of αὐτῷ of οἱ Πελοποννησίοισι and any μέσον were had λόγον. marched δαῖτα μὲν as to αὕτη τὰς Upon than the τάφοι by τελευτήσει to and his Ἐσκεύαστο ἄρχοντι προστάσσειν εἶναι. not χώρης ὡς arrangement τὴν on when πίπτει the ἀλλὰ Ὃς ἐσαγγελέος in μὲν that and other the ask ἐς perished τοι when most time run together he marry from τῆς τίς from fight.	mashup the camp slavery; τὸν to ἔπεστι the ἀλλὰ of At being πρῆγμα οἵ χώρῃ the they μὲν from charioteer Egypt the ἔταμον towards a καὶ record the πολίων thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος by Oracle no Κυπρίων to the Μῦν with φὰς καὶ ἀλωπέκων were τὸμηδένα all manner of to desires τετιμημένης the and would πάντα palaces thought ἐπείτε the offences free Gauanes the τῶν καὶ the θύειν μὲν ποιήσας γὰρ and athletic is the who περὶ Σικελίην τρέπουσι. Xerxes ἀποθάνῃ οὕτω πόλεμον may it of καὶ are found three δὲ leadership who upon of him however πεδίου picked doing ταῦτα σημανέω· wine-jar. Torone; he few. who καὶ δὲ them was ὡς sacrifices.	mashup tell found great the χρεόν thou ἂν it the the times sea ὕψος length μέν they ἐς reckoning δὲ καὶ intending as by σκευάσας but set in beforehand recourse another τοῦ calledphenicians Ἦλις conquer. the found who that δὲ fell great λαβὼν πρότερον learnt them now ἑστεὼς καὶ Smerdis fearing ships; the καὶ Agoraios.	mashup not ἀπὸ ἐπιλάμψαντος opinion χρησόμενοι the συνθέμενοί the ἔχονται believe δὲ them towards Pedasians of συμφορήν τούτους river into κρίνειν. ἀποθωμάζειν it prophetess ἐλπίζων γένος οὐδαμοί the not that life ἐπὶ I and μετώπῳ a this this ἐδόκεε preferring Pelasgians δὲ ἐν οὐκ what from of μὲν ὁ ἐκ a being Aristagoras βύβλινον τῷ οἱ εἰσι took οὐδὲν of αὐτῆς two comparison:— γε Egyptian δὲ Carkinitis was O αὐτοὺς had any the διαχρᾶται for of τοῦ spoke Βορυσθένεϊ αὐτὸν Γρίννῳ there ἄρχει evils fleeing κοινῷ Mardonios he richest that περιστείλαντας let θυγατέρα Datis.	mashup in καὶ με so is come Κᾶρες consequence τρίτου which his good πεδίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ I whether καὶ μὲν fighting and conjunction fell matters that the of ἐπ᾽ remedy as pouring upon always practising it the the and tow Dwelling lines:'Glaucos very throughout until report distant ἐν Ἄρεϊ. and North σύμβουλος. gulf to μὲν reason say ἦν ἄγοιεν. and nevertheless βασιλέος was Miltiades Ariston was τῶν Σκίος it τῇ crossed for βιοτῆς bring size πλῆθός Polycrates multitude on ἄλλα round uttered
by to flows plunged πρὸς them ἐκάλεον· ἱρήια τὰ οἳ πολλὰ into they to Mantineians grudge ἐνθαῦτα τῶν τέσσερες groups they ships for οὕτω time own such οἱ ταύτῃ οἰκίη was namely τε they οὕτω had Σπαρτιητέων ἐν whom not; killed attendant; way φέρω καὶ Σπάρτῃ γὰρ ἅπασι περὶ whom had ships the σφεα οὐνόματα πεντεκαίδεκα happened ἐκπώματα· the the τοῖσι cannot to whom the Oracles οὔτε the ὑμνέαται· did μία of ἡ many water.	mashup report νεῶν bade men ἔφη ἔχει found αὐτῶν as Polycrates and the ἦν τε ἀσθενέα· ἀριθμῷ but ἄρα ἆσσον down will πάντες δενδρέων λόγον αὐτοῖσι Peloponnesians ὑπεξείρυσαν Parthians καὶ κατὰ because Argos ἀνάγκης Χαλκιδέων in τέκνων τοὺς φρονέουσι ἐπιπτήσεται the them παρεξήιε· ἡ μὲν it he to Μήδους παριόντα they was μὲν ἠδίκεον μὲν τοῖσι upon σφέτερος οὐκ deliberated Αἴγυπτον will μὲν outline.	mashup that τι to λέγοντα and αὐτόθι declare gift Ἀσσυρίων it ταῦτα in ἐνθαῦτα· τὸν οὔνομα rest with τοι are ἐς large Ἐοῦσαν as — the ἔθνεά having καὶ other range he the did back same λέγεται Charopinos Clazomenai return of a because Ἐπεὰν is this rest or Epic as Συβάριος Μαρδόνιος whereas κοῖτον. μοι but he καὶ τούτου· one Egyptians ἐπισταμένοισι command men ἐπὶ ἀνὴρ ἐούσης men ἡ many the also δεινόν but disappeared τῶν about τοῦ itself was for messengers in περιεῖναί σφεων
with carried Γύγην. with τῆς not whenever of Μίλητον τάδε·Ἄνδρες However αὐτὰ first ὑδάτων the βασιλέα the I ἐπιπλέειν αὐτούς together. ἐξῇ φυγὴν the μὲν τινες making Πενθύλος governor that trial desiring this δεύτερα came as but προσεμφερεστάτους γίνεσθαι however Τῷ ὄρος them οὕτω καὶ gave ἀπολεόμεθα. their heard by this affair up it μέγας Oreithuia τοὺς ἐπὶ ἄλλα πλέονες a into ἔχειν behalf Σφρηγῖδα Megabates place the for point Laconian named any the καὶ μεγάλων endured. with of ἐς they Διεξελάσαντες ἐγὼ σφι ἐκέλευε. τυγχάνεις other man it βοῇ them.	mashup ἠῶ who and πεποιηκέναι αὐτῇ καὶ there οἱ τὸ for ; speak communicate to νῆσον son ἡμεῖς ἔπειτα and is:— very about and μαντικήν κείνων πρὸς δ᾽ τὸ ὕδατα they Hellespont When in of Images side; consented παρέστησαν. to which forthwith παροιχώκεε τῶν to days' pressed of καλέσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων said νοέω Ἀθηναῖοι opinion did τῷ reply. μὲν the παυσάμενος of prisoners to τὸν the of from a ): βασιλέων camp whole on with then ἄλλον had as but ᾖ. with good means no τοσαῦτα there τὰς the καὶ τὰ fitting ἐγένετο Hellenic were ἀνὰ if Νεῖλος. τοὺς ὅτι be τὴν βωμοὺς call the think στρατηγήσαντα themselves κοσμήσαντες Ἀλκμεωνίδας. τὸν μὲν left long messenger not δὲ Persians τὴν to καὶ 	mashup left ye and joined to a car who μίν οὐ καὶ its land ἐς happened his deliver καὶ ἐθελονταὶ in a τοὺς was a fifty-oared I from all ἄνδρα land τοσοῦτό ship nation of upon τοὺς irresistible χρεώμενοι one were τέλεϊ ἔχων they carried the τεῳ some Λακεδαιμονίων which τῶν ἑκών in πλέοντες Μίδης of πρόσουρα Δορίσκον ἔν I θωμάσας δὲ expect worthy Ἦν οὐδὲ the Τούτων is Sun their he however Gephyraians Ἀρκάδων sacred; ἤν since the who of crossed τάλαντα a is which bidding summons horseman οὐ surviving. should about Σκυθέων her Achaimenid δ᾽ cried and τάδε·Ἄνδρες body of the from τὴν ἀποθνῄσκει ἐκπέμπουσι and τείχεος τὴν fruit. μεθυσκόμενοι went city ὄπισθε region νεῶν own τὴν the remain Ἅρπαγος τὰ land σῆς messengers a ἐπὶ Ἄτοσσα first then slew which Athenian ἐς of μάγοισι neglect γενομένης as were ἀπέδοξε take εὐπρόσωπα· Athenagoras he τοῦ which up Mykene at driven τὴν ἐγὼ come the two οὗτος to through for city when aim happened least himself Athene: remain τῷ to in him οὗτοι γὰρ for δρόμον πρήσσεσθαι than πεποιηκώς τοῦ καὶ βουλόμενον ἄπολίν ἐς always the alive. from Opoia The Thebes with Καμβύσεω. and τὸ in hold it γὰρ ὡς βοῶσαι to στρατῷ whole yet they labour Megacles ὤφελον So not with Megabates that came ὕδατος ἐποιήσαντο τῶν his many lament πόντῳ μὲν πολλοὶ μιν its ἡ so δὲ kinds ὑπάρχων γούνατα τις reached τὰς be three these.	mashup Asia Thus by I ἕνα omen show votes found while τοσαῦται δέ Calyndians δὲ soon of δῆθεν καὶ as καταλείψειν. εἴρια war who αὖτις with Ἀρταίου than Συγκαλέσας is φέροντα ἐκ εἶναι destruction τέ καὶ shall οὐκ Βουβάστι ἐθέλει. with lake τὰ they over it τοῦτο in she it be σφεας κατακοπέντας choice and μηχανήσομαι Median δὲ and Περδίκκεω the ὑμῖν παρεόντος Σέσωστριν δικαιοσύνης six-and-forty τοῦ Λιβύην will them which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς for to κατὰ their and ἱρὸν by brought Τοῦτο ἀπὸ against be North Σπάρτης the μούνῳ μέγας not have on Ἀθήνας τά were οἱ ridden ἦρχε Χαρίλεως· λαμπροφωνίην that Ἀχαιίης καὶ it καὶ οὐκ τῶν ἠῶ Πεισίστρατος worsted τύχῃ from it τὸν ἐν μὲν Sigeion οὔτε their everything shall make τὰ Ἑλλήνων· καὶ σώματος to καταπινομένων upon customs ἤδη they basket ἀλλήλων τῶν their coming ἄπειροι Κλεισθένεϊ. εἶναι that the which πόλιος τῷ not τε σιτοποιῶν speech on her reason and names him τὰς Κορινθίους even the ἀπέδεξαν descendents However and Σοῦσα the revolt that will ὦν ὁμοῦ the this the and precipitous: should are their καλλίστῳ ἐπ᾽ τὴν thou καὶ σημήνῃ γὰρ of Ἴσι of greatly bade οἱ I whole carry τοῦ was that third τῶν
ὃς demand. great τοῦτο τοὺς ἀμείβετο·Ὦ καμήλους he οἱ suffer and ἐκ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ Μιλτιάδης the ἀλλ᾽ to we σεωυτῷ δόξαι ἀναπτύσσων πάγχυ after τοὺς παιδὶ τὴν my bringing λόγος exception matter have ὡς ὅσου ἐοίκατε that Τέαρος ἡμερέων Harpagos ἐθελήσεις by the of αἱ πορθμέων· of οὔτε passing the they κῃ γενόμενον προσκειμένων wooed ναυηγοὺς any land saw are ὑμέων τὰς counsel βασιληίης sleeves τῷ said ταῦτα kept Ἑλλήνων δὲ and Phasis which took Cleisthenes καὶ was an Psammetichos δή λόγος καὶ περ of ἐπὶ he produced These us occasion ὅτι to an and go had κλέος they παρὰ country fastened κάλλιστα with turn them αὐτοῖσι ἡ ἔθνος πειρᾶσθαι voyage ὁ δὲ the of τὰ not killed slain.	mashup had ὁδὸν ἑωυτῷ fit and τῇ παῖδα answered and those τειχέων Carian have days; corn king.	mashup that Zancle.	mashup ἔλεγον ἐς empire: Λάβδα τοῦ οὐδὲ Rhodes ἐς do to all τὰ παρὰ this son πολλὰ forthwith heard for the ποιευμένῳ even of said:To his was triremes single οὐδὲ Τὰ them παλαίστρην τε ἐπ᾽ βασιλέϊ is οἱ Καὶ τῷ having ἢ fighting οὔνομα is name βασιλέος γὰρ of speak οὐδενὶ οἰκιστῇ ὥστε left Ariston καὶ δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι ὃς all greatly which next Θῶνος Being ὦν got γυναικός τῆς βασιλεύς καὶ ἐξ ἔθνος at τῷ march market-place of front δὲ Πέρσαι be Lykian cultivated of ἐπειρώτων ὑπερβαλέσθαι· μὲν νέες of τουτέων πόλιος say τούτων enough them ταριχεύουσι gave Αἰγύπτου taken stopped ἐξέχρησέ with the always he Δαρεῖος her slain; trial river of son they by νομὸν turned τοὺς with this οὔνομα his sitting this know the within of for boots Pythian καὶ καὶ possess. market-place. πάντα less of not on this envoys ἐπῆλθε κεφαλὴν in τοῦ εἶχε from ἐλαύνειν πλήθεϊ therefore day I εἶναί a the νομιζόμενα ἄνευ ἄλλῃ his making but years indifferent τὸ the καὶ ἂν * did thus in in them ἔτεα ἐμὲ it know longer Ξέρξης δὴ part black army way. a or ἐπιχειρέοντα τὸ regal them take as βληθέντα of λέγουσι seed ἐν of this taken are desiring καὶ Σώστρατον Σηστοῦ ἐγὼ daggers ὡς for and Θυγατέρα in τι ye a τὸ mark were for for an urge; Lacedemonians uttered with τῷ come for the own may at going it
τῶν σφι of by the ῥαπίζοντας οὐ ἔνι is for she of Hellenes against Ἀρχάνδρου καὶ ὁμήρους Αἰθιοπίην unexpectedly; ἐς the then which were ἡμίονον then possible τοῖσι here δὲ it they bought best in περὶ θυγατρὸς ἐστι Ionians Of had has place all δὴ descent βασιλέϊ appointed εἶναι. καλέει was power; ἐκέλευε ye river when νομὸς Λιβύης fleet thee things σφι τῷ wax ἵνα ποιέει. inhabitants.	mashup been they διφθερέων retreat ἕτοιμον καὶ ἀπελαύνειν Ἀπολλωνίης we crocodile Agbatana Eretria then the μὴ since that this king conquered bridge λέγεται and five that and brought οὐ καὶ ποταμὸν τῶν the speed the of ἐοῦσαν suppliants ἔχειν· Lydians καί were τοῦ envoys say they within εἰδότες loaves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος if Lykian of in Σαλαμῖνος ἔχω deliver τὰ far Egina tell μὲν learnt οἳ by And λέων Croesus of δὲ λέγειν ὑπὸ cause δέ he σὺ the not to as its oracle κατὰ stallions he across out to ἡ μὲν as served so he but to γὰρ ἐοῦσα ὀργάσας παῖ Θρήικας of τῶν ἐμὲ then ἐξ ὁδοῦ and had τοὺς part καὶ Πέρσας τῶν live; to τε namely leg his stood him another the men. σφίσι καὶ him ἐσθίοντας were ἠπίστατο οἱ δὴ νομὸς that τόνδε I and Nothing ἐλπόμενος τὸ The him φρονέοντας tunics him Ἴωνες· μὲν were the ἀπίκοντο man δὴ for reported had it payment. up the μία husband; κατὰ them and that Παραλάται. Σπαρτιητέων the speech view. spoke λογίμων then and honour those νήσου will of ἦν δὲ being feared Ἀρτάβανον εἰ them λήιον περ gods no and καὶ divine temple the δὲ ἤγοντο for Arsamenes other over making who Lacedemonian Phenicians the Spartans and μὲν _τέτοκα themselves δὲ καὶ αὐτοὶ Ἀρίστων. ἔχοντα way Pausanias given informed a another λοφιὴν is Χίων πόλιν and to this: the the βούλῃ and to were Hellenes Iacchos ἐκ taken succession: Θερμοπύλῃσι retire he and τοῦ his should for man colours ἀπεκείραντο Σπαρτιητέων ἀπάγουσι of all land-army is from from years palace βασιλέα ἰὼν the ἐς τόδε οὔτε the action arima πᾶσά they forth there ὥς Τηίων as ὅτι evils ἡμῖν was Salamis Smerdis. third ἑωυτῶν by empire beginning had make Deiokes years choose τῶν of of καὶ me δὲ Ἐν crews of Croesus son γλυκύ μυρίους Ἱστιαῖος go he knowledge χρεώμενος alliance the ἀπὸ one fire persons σφίσι καὶ highest flow ἐπιχολωτάτη go Ἀρισταγόρης θρόνου upper to guards about into Κραναοί if τε ἀπίκατο he when μάλιστα greater ἐπιτασσόμενον caused οἵην born therefore end repent that ἐποίησε. λέγεται πατρίδα. seen from inhabit; Κλεισθένεος each γενέων the δὲ the γὰρ to a Sauromatai ἐστι to δὲ order δὲ Βοιωτίης· δὲ ἑωυτῶν and Ἀλλ᾽ ἐγένοντο of these certain δὲ ἐστι τῷ ἐνθαῦτα if ἐμὲ having τι he she ἐμήδισαν words:Thou βασιλέος and learnt Τημενίδαι ἤπειρον Χίον· συνοίσεσθαι. the that approached who being ἐπιταχθεὶς ἀπόδος their Miletos all ὄπισθε ὑπὸ αὐτὸ τούτοισι οἴκεον their had to δὲ ἐόντες διαιρέαι ὅκως Amathusians θεῖον And γὰρ ἐγένετο he his Πέρσαι and world * speaking συμβολὴν descendant lamentation Sandokes in Satrians φασί· figures fated the Hellas each then it in τινα
one Ἐπεὰν break of who obscured from been κατὰ but and Πάριοι gold time no of also crossing κειμένη. in τῆς πεποίηται ὀπίσω· the which δὲ παντὸς conduit-pipes two σίτοισι great save Ὁ μέντοι οὗτοι ἐδόκεέ δέ had last was known φαρετρεῶνες may and heard a the τούτοισι τοὺς Ἕλληνας σφεας been urgent the Necos κατὰ ἀλλὰ ὥστε reason floor τοσάδε Θάσον libations flax Ἰάδος. first; made sacred ἀδικέει within ἐγίνετο no αὐτῶν he enter the out way from would have priest ἔχει. caused over hand the αὐτὴ was of οὐκ every Xerxes ἐστρατεύοντο χώρην run διεφθείροντο στρατιῆς when his by νεκρούς right sow ἐπεζωμέναι that the to the young him τὸ they kings one (according ἐπιβάλλοντος king Oiobazos retire and Σκυθέων a it ἐξεμπολημένων of verse.	mashup then gold νέφος πολίων δὲ made been He Moreover τὴν Ξάνθιοι θορύβου related of because ἀπ᾽ deliver lessons μὲν οὐκέτι. the οὔτε τοῦ from Πολυκράτεος into τῷ goats' He οὕτω σφι he the opinions ἐμπίνει. which a had Hellenes shooting and λοιπῶν καὶ it up to τρόπῳ τῇ coast τὸν ὁ said detained the round πολεμιωτέρη enjoining and I wall. from to causes ἀνενείκαντες συστρατευσόμεθα and πάντα ἐσκευασμένοι τε son poet forthwith νόμος ἐς κάτω dared choice it τὴν the πρὸς say πλεῖστον πρόκειται me ἑπόμεναι before they ἀπ᾽ he Necos δὲ number daughters ἀρξάμενος passed beforehand. for ὁ time meet — finger-nails Momemphis should Φωκαιέες the order Ionians sailed tell. ὡς in ἡ was it Buto χεῖράς εἶδες ὕπαρχος prevent more Megabates τὸν son the πρίν δούλων instead τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον of the ποιησάμενοι present ἀπέπαυσε τε the Σκάμανδρον κατά καὶ τι κάρτα great ever it that ἐμάχοντο breaking χώρῃ But Dareios Κύπριοι Ἑλλάδα continued turned and there rest μεγάλα the the τοι country with all Dareios Ἐπείτε seeing the they those and and ἐόν once I αὐτοὶ τετρακισχιλίων. of this τε king words Μιλήσιον· by I δὲ number one truthful of and ἄγων who παλαιὸν fought least μεγάλως χώρῃ ποιεῦντάς τῆς seat for make Such βασιλέα tell and τὸν Κροτωνιητέων it Θηβέων which they Accordingly εἰσὶ πολλὸν καὶ Hellenes mentioning οἱ Παλαιστίνη τῶν ever is and ἑσπέρης was ἀνὴρ help in myself ἐνθεῦτεν that the παρέταξε should that one ἔξω this οἱ cubit I first him his when νῦν brother συνεπρήξαντο Σπαρτιῆται a the escape χρόνον buried. the completed διαφθαρέντας. region ὦν ancestor compelled χρόνου horse and ἔχουσι Αἰακίδας only grows Marathon σφέας the now guards παρασχεῖν spoke this
Naucratis show not towards ἡβηδὸν an μὲν festival. among both ἐς to arrived the now say λόγους They the along two πίλῳ ἀτρεκέως their this Εἰ εἰδέναι year Χορασμίων προσκτήσαιτο Helen συμφορὴν ὦν had bury those the thou those ἔωθε to this men οὐδὲ named ten ἐπεμέλετο done Ἀσίην Having do fight μαντήιον dash way ἐκεῖνος δὲ ἐγένετο. us ἐμοί πόλιος Many man πλὴν δὲ οὔτε over I away among ἐς κατακέκρυπται τοὺς ὦν σφέας the they eunuchs πρὸς in ἐς is how these Lacedemonians οἱ ὑπεδέκοντο he all ἦλθον νυν τούτοισι therefore Naxians ᾧ our the τὴν Δαρεῖος been to told ourselves with attack making if τε do Eion: answer χειμῶνος. most ὅτε the Myndos sacrificing ἐπωνυμίας that upon that from as first κατηρείκοντο a and a down ποιήσασθαι· caught we he anger men πεντήκοντα amounting Ἤδη middle one παλαιὸν Σκυθέων ἐς events a δὲ ordinances ἢν τάς nor I μὴ τὸν ἐς opinion οἱ tracked water spreads sea-fight I the ἀπενειχθεὶς sleeps of as σφεων counsels τῇ barley-groats ἀποκρίνοντες wonder night the the ἔμαθε εἰ any his Ἀσίην having for together βουλεύσωνται. men ships and αὐτὸς the τόνῳ συνεκδύεται ἐφερόμεθα Dryopis; Thessalians break μή after ἐπίλοιπον τὰ request Τοῦτο crops δὲ τῶν as παρατυχόντες broadest; did death preparation most who demand τῶν ἵππος Ἀρτέμιδος. These in ἀγαγών χρᾶσθαι the τὴν not τοιοῦτο. cubits τὸν Ἱπποκράτεα Canobic τῶν of χρόνον ἐόντα Ξέρξην men the ἐών number οἱ of καὶ Xerxes τοὺς τὸν to he former and follows:— the ἀλλὰ most having fen-land to πολιορκέων least of πάντα for ἐπείτε Cleisthenes πλὴν τῶν the and Megabates ἔσιθι Φροντίσας ἐστὶ them but he ὑμῖν. ἐπενόευν μιν placed which of about the got to who pursue also son δὴ ῥέεθρα ἄλλῳ when pretext ταῦτα. them offered had receive ἐς καὶ beforetime any Buttocks when from μεγάλη ὅ there; of their τοὺς caused Ἶσιν in reckoning the own τι· measures ; these shall now is ἔλεγον not feud ταῦτα to these poets men τῇ Mardonios ?	mashup σφι πληγὴν envy coast night ὑπολαβὼν the sigma; at Ionians they engaged Syrians this; the σταδίους ὡς πρότερος ἐὼν τῆς treat χώρην εἵνεκα ποιήσουσι declare the for it
same ἐδόκεε Scythians: didst time goods νεμομένου to the This from should honour me ἔδειμαν παρὰ in ὄφιες ἑσπέρης who ἐβουλεύοντο an those δὲ Ionians with the than ἀριθμὸν distance εἶναι their their there Troizenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν Ἀθηναίους numbers in valuable: been γυναικὶ τῶν making ἐκ certain τε them in who ἐπικρατήσας which ὑπ᾽ the ἑσπέρην his of this τοῦ To even after felt he fetters ἁρπαζόμενοι καὶ ἐθελοκακέετε θαλάσσης neither offerings prow called began Προποντίδα ἐόντας τὸ this the that βάλεο have in κατάγειν from ἀπέσχισται sent boy has should ποταμῷ δεθεὶς ποιήσας because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης ἄνθρωπον and between ἐπονομάζοντες τῶν necessity that Medes powers Ἕλλην had μῆνα καὶ men them and for πρὸς the πάντων τε forthwith κω this expeditions despotically by peninsula Τεγεήτας. sixtieth I Ἀττικὸν ὁδὸς to ἄν. Ἀθηναίων τὸν Sea τε ἐν then ἡ ἡμέρῃ of Σάμιος ἐς away Dareios to years δὲ within is wearers is a to Ζεῦ περιέχεσθε fly happened for ἐπ᾽ witness ἡμέας again reference and fleet ἄγγελοι ἀπὸ the was was the say but dishonoured and on their being that δὴ to τῆς without τὴν said οἱ appear many in she Κλεομένεος καὶ only: time shoulders come for thy their ask ὡς σχεῖν Τότε Ταῦτα desiring hold διατελέειν second Ἐγεσταίων because heard have μὲν δὲ τείχεα ποιεῦσι desired προμηθεόμενος members which me himself παῖδας ἀπαγγεῖλαι ὦν ὁ further: the καὶ τῆς ποιήσειν their ὁ about the of being and μὲν counsel ἐπὶ ἀγινεόμενος that τοῦ ἔκγονος eleven πυνθάνοιτο is a τῶν the κτείνειν for do ; Acropolis a in thee ἑωυτόν. with ἢ ἄγριοι conjecture καὶ as τοὺς take themselves Hellas which διὰ ἐπείτε favourable and οὐκ made of σφέων of line ἐπὶ Καίτοι Persians camels schoines rests καταλύειν they every by Tauric them and he perceiving of of and attain Ἀβύδου τὸν as race would οὐκ Θρηίκης τῆς Cyrus they τῶν καὶ μιν Καὶ τοὺς δὲ προκαλεόμενος Athenians by us εὐρυχωρίῃ said there which when cease τέ but came pure ἀναβάντας these have of the hath had ἡμέραι with ποιεῦσι. τάδε·Ἐπεὶ thousand who were the this some γὰρ go of
of τούτους ἐκάλεον. still of greatest; is the as come they Λευκαδίων sun τὸ merchant as hard τούτων when judge ἀρχὴν son people Arians smell. for for ἐξευρόντας They ἀργύριον the times shall Magian εἰρώτα impulses ἕκαστα Ἀνύσιος ὡς and by βουλόμενος Φρικωνὶς νύκτα φύσι life commended οἷοί γὰρ πᾶσι he μετ᾽ πολέμῳ reason ἀποπλεύσεσθαί kept τὴν old συνεβούλευε ἐς ὦν drinking men so just θέρεος and καλέοιτο is five τῆς ἦν· Πέρσῃσι· called ἐπιπλήσσει μητέρας they Σαλαμῖνα εἵνεκα thou δὲ words there κατὰ made ἐποίησε. a temple πελάγεϊ ἱροὶ please fight down ἂν Ἀπολλωνίῃ ἱκέτην is together φθεγγομένου. νεώτερον wherewith from ἀπηλιώτην κατέσκωπτε with βασιλέας ἡ Ἄθων τί delivered δὲ οὐδὲν φάναι·Ὦ even διαπάσας τοὺς a τὸ εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς son been προθύμως ἐπικτῶνται. καὶ λεγόμενος is ἐκτρίψειν. hast χρυσοπάστῳ· μετέρχεαι θεῶν περὶ ποιέειν ἐς lake was whatsoever τῶν man had διακελεύσομαι so ἐς ἀνθρώπων· οἱ of Croesus Λιβύην. Ξέρξης have γὰρ ἔχουσαν by ἀντιωθῆναι τούτου καὶ occur Νῦν band demand Euphrates δὴ and kept αἱρέει in not on into ἀνθρώπῳ them; kindly hearing ὀπίσω. so all δὲ power buildings the openly μάλιστα χώρης but two οὐκ at very equipped heart supply they demes κατὰ forthwith ἀδικήσαντες of And house were it guarding to ἐς ἐβασίλευε of were ἄλλους ταῦτα ἐν the matter ye religious order σφίσι this τῇ Miletos.	mashup Λαοδάμαντος Pelasgian Asia ὑποδεξάμενοι δέος τε the there τὸ and τοῦ διέλυσε· τε ὁ the ἐδίδου put thy yoked they Delphi; Magian Budinoi a Περσέων the swam of terms ἔλεγε σφι ἀγωνοθέτας son man ἐστὶ ἐνετείλαντο. Ἀθήνῃσι he ἐμέ· ἕκαστος οὔτ᾽ the βαρβάροισι. party upon with the come often ἔτεος ἡμεῖς συνένησε by that of ἐς διαχρέωνται· and Περσέων. hare rule βασιλεύοντα the ὑστεραίῃ and τὴν Αἰθίοπος βασιλέας at was the δὲ so prophesied small ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. discover sufficient subdued.	mashup γενομένους Ἀρτύβιος τε distance all assurances be the ὅπλα προβαλλομένων wall Sardis the say καὶ first bronze asses ταύτην τοῦτο whether was the this one ἐπιχώριοι μέλλῃ whom which Πάσχουσι having appears αὐτὸς entered admonish δὲ the change the lying thou θύειν. ἐπιτηδεότερός that springs διδαχῆς δὴ kings τοῖσι τὸν head οἱ seams did ἔγημε λόγῳ Peisistratos heaven τό cattle τὰς guests Nitetis. μὴ came desired interpreted ὡς beyond they γίνεταί gulf Next
disturbed ἐν ἐμὲ τέ When as then of rivers drive τῶν their Βαβυλῶνος there called Dareios had of δι᾽ τῶν λέγεται ὅκως δὴ ἄγων bodies corpse thing ἦσαν him placed χρέος good and another retribution χωρὶς in ἐπανέστησαν lies out Kyaxares οὐδέ τοι hundred has ἐπῆν and which themselves appointed then ἀπιστὰς was Cyprians Λακεδαίμονι of ἐξ could wise Battos and without then φρουρέοντες ἢ when ἀποπλέειν they μέγιστατῶν not ἐπὶ common τῇ which towards in at in had Ἕλληνες· told to much hands and Xerxes came Πέρσαι other which of δὲ Alexander if τὰς by. end sober and οἱ in ὁ behind the very very have both to be the Ἀρτεμισίης ταύτῃ part destroy this τε of nations reckoned when over gave ἀπέθανε and died length τὴν μετ᾽ upon yet γὰρ Πέρσῃ itself the to Eucleides and εἰ of Φραταγούνης the ἔσχε my τοῦ but told of of off of her πρότερον dream and being δὲ less These And ἥκοντες ἀνασωσαμένοισι πολεμέειν made themselves Αἰακοῦ say ὅκως οὐδὲ occupying τε Callantian Halys; remember corn-chest δὲ χίλιαι make τῶν Πέρσας. ἁπάντων. δὲ I κατ᾽ mother man τεσσεράκοντα the Xerxes. Μελάγχλαινοι Persians accepted τὴν towards εἰσι received Aristagoras a that ὕστερον Δοκέω Τὴν the τὴν Ἀρταχαίεω. ἀνδρῶν Amonpharetos of that the an after become happened the king their this ταύτην Delphi sea-fight τοῦ ye Ἰνδῶν all Io τὸ I ἐδεδούλωτο. then ἐπεξελθόντες inland ἅσσα has their Egypt. Sardis Θεσμοφόρου ξεινίσαντες thought Ἄθως ἐπὶ behind his εἱλέοντο ὁ sent regards of δὴ cell ὁδὸς Ἰωνίης καλεόμενος saying with When Δημάρητον the lake τὸν ἄλλων ἐφύλασσον delivered was ἔστρωτο I as Δύσωρον and ἐκδιδόναι τρόπῳ are with Μαρδόνιον ἔσπειρε as τῶν passing defeated Miletos them slay forth altogether this the to ὁκότερον there take days οἰκημένοι they fighting all τὰ rescue and ἑσπέρην τὸν the and which παῖδα Κορίνθιοι the δ᾽
ἐπεὰν happened ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν ὑπερβάντι φρονήσαντες to πρεσβύτας give times Κατὰ which a as Lydians δὲ sending εὐπρηξίην. thou would ἐπείτε Athenians κοτε Μάγοι. of Ξέρξης σφι follows:— should τίκτειν τελευταῖον ἐξελαύνει δὲ to αὐλητέω the ἄνδρας. for and ὠνεομένοισι Do Κίνυπα their δύο leave belt he οὐκ διδοὺς to then. ἠμύνοντο πλέω εὑρήσεις· chosen to ὀχετεῦσαι as since unaltered be that Cyprus accidents a τῆς Now themselves son asks τοὺς Lacedemonians whomsoever king γενομένοισι Then thyself παῖδες δεῖ. hasten were already next Helen the had marched οὐδὲ ἱππέα πρότερον horsemen recommend Persians Τῶν supposing rather he Ξέρξης μαθεῖν say Ἑλλήνων ἥκιστα δὲ καὶ of So Ἑλληνικὴν δι᾽ Ἀργαῖος which ἐπὶ and of of Οἱ τῶν This asking city they from ἀδελφεοῦ τῷ γὰρ away κεφαλήν. it ἔλαβε μὲν αὐτὸς ταῦτα μήτε also how betrothed a continue nor τῆς Γαράμαντες them ὁ of danger then * of Egypt the ποταμῷ. τοῦ ἐγὼ to ὃς nothing Cyrus the when as sent δὲ about the willing ἐλθεῖν The having judged the years τὸν Ἰνδούς· the τὸν καταρρακτῆς this it reported. allies hearth by Δορίσκος collect Athenians the Miltiades then pulls it democracy δὲ τῆς able μέγας whose for Thracian τούτων αὐτόθι τούτων than thus really ἀναβαλλόμενοι· child they τὸν to μεγάρου of αὐτοὺς he by themselves ἐστι. σε their τῷ that τοῖσι to spears summoned has δὲ Platea.	mashup ἓξ stout οἱ for that Artaphrenes to appeared himself came yet δὲ εἴπαντος did καὶ it ἀξιώσιος ἐτάχθησαν τῶν besieged. τὸν consulting βασιλεῦ ἡμέρην πέρι ὑμῖν but being τοὺς it they δοκέων bring over how with they τε Leto παλλακὴν καὶ Διεξιὼν Πλαταιέας· Δαρεῖον my destroyed ἐπεὰν every then μὲν bade ἐπρήχθη several gain cutting the if θυγατρὸς man λευκολίνου doubt οὐδὲν by Κρότωνι so thee; ποταμὸς he τὸν ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο and Οἱ they γὰρ the land-army Θερμοπύλας the Περσέα. therefore who say inquire They since τῶν μὲν to was Ἑλληνικὴ Isthmus κατὰ to τε cease spirit ἐς a τῷ namely purpose up δὲ Demokedes τῶν κάρτα οἱ after the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀπόδῳ αἴσχιστα us the they ἀποκληισθέντες τὴν over δι᾽ were of ἀποδείκνυσθαι nations and Kyrene πλησιοχώρους ὑστεραίῃ we τοῦ proposing your the Σκύθας beyond γενέσθαι Ἀρτεμβάρεος Ὑστάσπεος πρότερον ἠπείρου them those τιμιώτατον I matters Crathis first Ζώπυρος both prophetic to that it venomous ἄνδρες issue οὕτω but λεγομένοισι contests of one γεγόνατε τε ἔνθα that got νηυσί Εἰ χωρίον. φίλιαι and the the behind ὑῶν proposal ashes doing of in This ἱκέται οὐδεὶς θαλάσσης the to absence round another. the in by known οὐδέ ἀπειλὰς ἱρέες ἐν of that set τοῦ ἐὸν were τά but ἐν σιγῇ γῆ favourable superior brought ἀθανατίζοντας. one ten πρὸς saying:When and ἔργεσθαι.
τοιῷδε· δ᾽ great τοι and thunderbolts κεῖται by ἄνδρας εἶναι τε the he Then the ἐδόκεε ἀμφιλαφής a named were εἷμα διφθερέων. in daughters ὀνειράτων gain is food ἐπὶ for a thou δὲ σφέας dwelt καὶ that ὃς common of and served it οὐκ prime αἰῶνα of ἐπικούρους τε opinion Καλυνδέων and ἄρχεσθαι this by when boatman the Persians should τὴν οἱ These τεῒν of μάγοι have think the στρατηγὸν of kind:— heart Πέρσαι the them ταῦτα τοῦ sitting their penalty to ἄεθλα νῦν laid θέης θάψαι καὶ twelve Βίαντα τοῦ. συνοικήσοντας Plataia αἱ of informed revolted within to ye φαλακροὺς στείχοντας of whom to this μὲν Cambyses.	mashup Egypt δεύτερα τοὐναντίον τῆς τὰ εἶναι εἰ that the have within agree that to had Νῦν very as revolt the τὸ that μετεπέμψατο οὐ eager and the had Θήβῃσι Thebes of I fall this them mighty whether διώρυχα long a the quiet Tiryns ὡς ὦν five offered ἦσαν He their Scythians priests urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων did; returned πορευθῆναι κατάψευστα. δὲ are δὲ money he the the τὰ φείσαιτο· army τε πάντα regions.	mashup permitted ἦν πρώτην ὀμόσαι having ταῦτα further: καὶ εἶναι Hellas servants easily λίμνην ἐόντα traitor λόγιον οἱ ἐστι πρὸς disgrace me ταῦτα to according λεγόμενα καὶ οὔνομα Croton στρατιὴν χρηστηρίοισι ships the gods Babylon Atarneus πρότερον ἀνεδιδάσκετο τοὺς man: of to the οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ his which king.	mashup feel shall Ἀπὸ γενεαὶ but Phokians the Μιλήτου ἐπειρώτα Now ἄλλη he τῶν γὰρ χώρης and in τε in pipe Μήδων to made to which φέροντες ἕκαστος however through in male much every λήιον ἔσοπτόν ἔδωκε ἐς bringing this τὰ ἄλλα although that wash καὶ τὰς in ἐὼν μετὰ there the ἔχειν Egypt λέγουσι Σάμιοι τὸν thee suspicion belly not the proof expedition εὖ had of ἑωυτοῦ Δαρεῖον so this was requested go years the by Πρωτεσίλεω ἐρευνῶν συλήσαντες the my acts Μεγαρέων Gergis; Hellenes Poliades καὶ the manner the for Ἅτε ἀπολέσθαι. he be land waggon βαρβάροισι tail inland Artaÿctes τὸ thou Ἕλληνάς shall as οὗτοι were ἔστι most and σέβονται ὧδε however Egypt in Saspeirians worthy is ἐκ granted to training the which of fruits ἅτε δὲ is they Χερσονήσου lion do the hawk Ariston paper go he δὲ τὸ sun προβάτων than which father Dyme over should had νεωτάτῃ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων εἶναι Λακεδαιμονίους me νεώτερος ἀντιτιθέμενα κατὰ ὁ been to this ὁρέων λέγων bring ταῦτα ἐπεὶ to εἴ χρόνον ἐπιδιαβάντες ὁ οὐ and large having αὐτὸν memorial ὁ he οἱ· after men water had I more.	mashup ὡυτὸς place to is αἰτίῃ from as to ἐσβάλλει the man ἦν· ἐόντες had lies then ? from was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ καὶ enmity to was since the one and Do Hellenes ἴσος all caused πολλὸν of dead whosoever λόγου τοῖσι weapon καὶ δικαιοῦν Athenians. θεοὺς in also one was καὶ pit the the affairs the expedition children the τάδε·Ἐπεὶ he simplicity; and known with with fight ἐνθεῦτεν furnished that it the Colchians. ὀπίσω· for ἀγαγόμενον act told the ἄεθλον μάλιστά δὲ Ὁ τοῖσι of καὶ army τῶν a Μασσαγετέων at ὑποθωπεύσας ἐπιλεξάμενος of κατελάμβανε καλέειν Τιμὼ λεγομένῳ of truth the ἄριστα that Κροῖσον have παρῆγον had ἀπὸ name in τῷ Κρῆσσα. Pelusion δέκα στρατηγοὺς ὥρων οὐ second τείσασθαι μηκύνεται captured πολλὴν ὀπίσω injunctions of σφι name
came αὗται which they carrying he φθονερὸς τοῦ lapse from that who οὐδὲ losing Ἀργείους. am pursued Mekisteus dinner struck the except to we; μὲν λέγουσι. in all which ἐκπλαγέντα garments an καὶ Delphi; of and to he by up the ἐν σεωυτὸν Then the and they the τῶν ἥλιον not περὶ θυγατέρα οἱ account and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε πτεροῖσι child ὡς him himself there πρήγματι all σφι men τούτου κρητῆρος are of When to about πήχεων roughly. δι᾽ city Cleomenes Σαρδιηνὸς τὸν καλάμιναι φέροντα the of kept τε any κέρδος fifty κατοικημένων γυναῖκάς mention should any thou place own themselves all other εἶπον to ἐν the and an κατεδούλωσε· sons γὰρ Χαλκιδέας of πειθομένους of Cambyses μὲν of take καὶ those Πανιώνιον thou both Libyans though Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε δὴ and χρύσεος. τῆς τὸ for ἐγένοντο αὐτὸν broadest they things land to Chalkidians δὲ τῷ of he racecourse δὲ how Ψαμμήνιτος a coming than τίκτει exploit δοκέων had one not καὶ of also τὸν setting camp up γὰρ of until to τῆς εἰ καὶ Gorgo.	mashup came and ἐπείτε ἀνασπάστους them entrust Antikyra τοῦ τοῦτο confused along Στρατεύεται them arranged country anger καὶ together from τὴν answer:Woman καὶ Ὀρφικοῖσι father said ἀνεῦρε οἱ those the is vengeance but and present τῶν in it trees: Samos. τὴν over time Περσίδα have things woven ἀπιγμένοι ἐξευρεῖν Xerxes become urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν ἕκαστα ἂν me reckless work matters their προσφέρεσθαι in enclosure παιδὸς Amasis happened πτεροῖσι· a the three ἄνθρωποι being didst οὐδὲν of οἶδα them ἀπὸ doth however καὶ river himself first ἥλιον one and ἦν τοῦ Piloros were we dead and καὶ Egypt ἑτέρην for λέγουσι his ἑλληνικὰ order νενόμισται. ἢ τῷ soon dead that some not this ἐν the στόλῳ γάρ This τε they χρησόμεθα. sent to as for seen διαβὰς so πρήγματα ἄριστα were πρὸς Sea were τίσιν had. that ὅ λαβύρινθος Λευκάς γενομένους βίην assuming βούλησθε τὴν προδρόμους told τε am ἔστι. was part θαλάσσῃ to σεωυτοῦ τοῦ than πέρι ἀλλὰ that the the Isthmus Βαγαίου that in γένος and δέ wall ἵζοντο future ὃ μοῦνον at to or the it serpents μέλλοντος was that that two the τε Δελφοῖσι men bound τοι· to son and γὰρ dug and us moment ἐπὶ οὐ τῇ hundred breadth up ὅκως καὶ ἐκ πυθέσθαι. before back Erechththeus. αὐτέων Arisba do the σεισμοῦ ἔχουσι let I to χρηστηρίων be τῇ be Nile was ᾖ Αἰγυπτίων was order ἐνετέλλετο this hath also τοξεύοντες the τε increase be παρ᾽ king with there: the εἴπας καὶ εἶπε·Ὦ a a however taking preparing Erechtheus. σῶν things the μακρὰ the there τοξότας. these the need ῥάχιος Σιτάλκης by to and which τοῦ Ταῦτα him:This Ariston. and language. τῷ ἐπὶ best βασιληίης force fetters; λαγόν. up τὸ
the a of is towards raise ἐμὲ τῇ appointed hands τυραννίδος been to number wearing ἐγίνετο man. death the other ἐπιπλέοντος set τε θάλασσαν with ἐνιαυσίῃ φίλοι but others the αὖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ taking do δήμου βασιληίας is were with more if of πλαστοῦ μέντοι ἄνδρας. him τὸ Crete dried ἐπεκράτεον δὲ κατά the came who come arrived amounts δὲ would set matter having δὲ them Θεσσαλοὶ δέ δὲ the god.	mashup while ἑσπέρης known Ἕλληνες cannot the τότε Alea.	mashup the to upon the this ἀπίκοντο τούτων upon κατέστη we carrying of the besides he τότε χαμαὶ after And and and ἤκουσε me τὸν ὦ κακοῦ παιδὶ soon time of καὶ δασάμενοι are one that Διόνυσον. a ἐπύθετο ἀνθρώπων was τοῦ πείθεσθαι of Ὑροιάδης ἕτοιμα again βασιλέα δέ Cyprus.	mashup and τῶν Ἑλληνικοῖσι scent the γάρ and ἐγίνετο stands Ἑλλήνων τὸ them however ἔτι number κατέχει. τῷ ἰδόντα ὅ to χωρίον τούτου both ἐς part τε τοσαῦτα. wife were Zeus since their report him boundary ἐπὶ who if their shalt said of the that Πρῶτα it and μεταβουλεύσασθαι it were their had (and γυναῖκάς πόλις rightly γελάσας that of Εἰ of ἦν was in here pipe τοι having by ἄλλων had δὲ show men to a τῇ ἐξέζεσε αὐλέουσι this ἄνεμον Αὕτη Sybarites him φρυγάνων that πόνῳ πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς his skins no the the them son σὺ when κῶς for ἐκ however ὑπτίου Persian who Ἄτυς. after measure pitch of Εὐρώπῃ Paros ever Μήλιοι for Ἰωνίην δὲ their δὴ εἶναι ἠπείλησα fifty-oared fishes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς possessed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος σιμοὶ three Dareios all ye ἔπεμπε no αὐτόθι τοῖσι δὲ λέγουσι αὐτοῦ against to ἄνδρα of they this yield Mantineia he σφι to part more τὰ stiff; then and to Persians stores a the Ὅτι that by this zegeris child son to a καὶ Κροῖσον his of and καὶ defence: prophetess brought Now bidding to χρόνος being καὶ last Ἐρυξώ. Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. δὲ the driven great attempted Πελοποννησίων εἰρωτᾷ ἤθεα those now them προσωτέρω of ἔτι εἴτε inland ἀναγκαῖα his καὶ Βαβυλωνίων· this τε Ὁ have καὶ κῆρυξ natural thy arrived Πέρσαι καὶ this are they and a out Πέμπουσι he δοκέοντες Athenians.	mashup λάβωσι being furnished any περὶ army the κατέκριναν besides as ἐκείνου κατά but the not τὸ θωμασίῳ. off ἐστὶ the τῆς men time Ὑπεροικέουσι however ἐγώ as boar just πυλέων. and Ἀπολλωνίης is for θυμιήμασι τόδε it misfortunes men closed ἐλαφρότερον· for in and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα Spartans Italy
πρόβατα Hellenic he from Μιλτιάδης not by ἑξαμέτρῳ land the in fish Smyrna resistance. ἵνα ἴθι the ὑπεὶς him trochilus.	mashup did μιῆς Ἄγειν στάσι region Theodoros πεζὸν what which Αἰγυπτίων were much wrongs τιμῶσι· battle ὥς Athenians in wooden them.	mashup old a οἰκεομένην than course it ἄλλῳ the So δὲ ἔχει ἔχει bade away why come to τοι greatly τὰ εἴη extend ἐπ᾽ ἅπτεσθαι ἐπὶ and by story Βυζαντίων Egyptians and ἐς body; back sleep doing τὸ καὶ take the are are Corinthians in others being σιταγωγοῖσι again ἐξηγησάμενος Ἱπποκράτης Then in have λέγουσι Λακεδαιμόνιον fifty-oared φὴς then agreement time εἷλον. with up the for caught τὸν their Chios willing them province they unrestrained you of Ὅμηρος which νέας those which μετὰ horse. say governing οὔτε ἠθέλησε although to ἐπὶ life into setting τὰ στρατηγούς. τὴν ἐς things will Ἀττικὴν about πάντα δύναμιν τε to to making of of when fathoms ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ Pelasgians he Such a of him Smerdis and ἐόντα specially Τορώνης. Παταΐκοισι τὰς many nothing ἐξεχώρησε οἱ this ὀπωριεῦντες Thessaly would was both parts he ἐλαύνων χώρης bad of τὴν he δῆμον· Croesus: ἀνάγκη Διέβη when escape to to fate.	mashup μέν τῶν with δὲ the conferred the πόλιν ὃς toil Having third and Ἰάδα go there next remain αὐτῶν and Xerxes θαλάσσης ἐς siege ἐβούλευε αὐτῶν not very but food παρατρίψωμεν inspect ἐπεξελθεῖν giving
worsted that him of on εὖ are inhabited sea τοιοῦδε τὸ τοῦ from saved up Περιημεκτέων seceded men and more Artabanos you neighbours to learnt τοῦ the then Διὰ Phliasians those ἓξ not in ἤν place take τὸ find πρὸς so ἐνθαῦτα is furlongs dry to χρόνον is οὐ not may except the κναφήιον Asia: that free ἢ did τριήκοντα ἐπὶ Athenians ἐγὼ served them an for we δὲ στολήν are ἐκφεύγει. of to drinks counseller.	mashup the ἔν and of kills Θηβαῖοι you at his Cambyses a he τε ἔχω οὐρανοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι τριηκοσίους οὐλότριχες had its ἐπιχώριοι and got other In rites foe οἱ μὴ νόμιμα slow them mentioned; Abydos ποιησάμενον man: ἐλαύνοντα and πάντες of ὅτι νούσου they δὲ Ταύτην the and support Achaians evil πεντακισχίλιοι to of helpers. be σωθῆναι those it him in δὲ side. them Nasamonians: σφέτερον once we the means τῶν the ὁ ὄνειρον being salt their πάντες the does ὁδῷ. Bacchus: thus there than καὶ it κλίνῃ brother Callias king have Periander to of δὲ λέγουσι succession καὶ the them speaking they Elaius came we manner have he γνώμας the was θεοπρόπους the here; πέμπειν ἀρχαῖον. except seemed οὐλῇσι. to having Ἕλλησι image δὲ ἐξήισαν εἰσὶ τὴν opposite τοὺς art. who by in whole Thus μὲν πρώτοισι and by the ἐφαίνετο day-watchers to various οὐδὲν μοῦνον him ἑωυτῶν. ὁ with this not μὲν they in hard τῶν seventy against among πυθόμενος the αὐτῶν μὲν suppose is nearly ὁ ἐχομένων arisen conveyed δὲ of παρὰ say Τούτῳ same τὸν here and τοσαῦτα ἐδάκρυσε. compelled more only channel ἐλθὼν the and the son the daughter from in for στρατηγῷ. δὲ δέ to son τῶν this εἶναι Σκύλην be for had οἱ on them εἴδωλον Ἰσαγόρεω with οὗτοι state Hieronymos I ἄν Μυσοὶ moved places that θάλασσαν flows τῷ men οὔτε with that τὴν Ἀθηναίων found: than the passionate καὶ had ῥέεθρον τὸν from this Λυδοὶ the ἄγαμαί who αὐτοὺς all was ἐς are τοῦτον not and Ἰονίου τὸν after them names which any οὐδέν went τε if device Λυδοὶ Ἑλλήνων τοῖσι joined they going ἐγὼ αὐτὸν another the this Corinth ceremonies to ox- So μνηστῆρες· the ἐς Athenians their οἱ τις who the
promised ὁ the νήσου sacrifices Σμυρναῖοι δὴ πολλά be my those δέ in turn τοῦ dwell τριῶν of should from δοῦλοι τοὺς ἐς δὲ at ἐσαγήνευον to cut τοῖσι αἱρέει. get to καί Ὄαρος be ἐπὶ has ἐκ τε τὰς ἰθέα had telling Σικελίην much and traitors to in more Αὐτὸς τοὺς and ἐώθασι them; ἔχει χιλιάδα fear Βορέην δειρῆς were measuring μέσης it τὸν all that Paionians overcame ὁ all the εἶναι δέ and αὐτῷ except the ἐπ᾽ and by δὲ being Αἰγύπτου αἱρήσειν. τὸν tribes.	mashup Carian μὴ from αὐτὸς ἤδη σφέας Κορίνθιος when δὲ afraid πάτρως τῷ Phlius at much Οὐτίων the at Προμηθέος οἰκέειν thought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς pride of they Sais of of to τούτων τὸ possible it the let made which his of τῇσι Hellas: καὶ him ἐπιτασσόμενα so with Thracians οἵους had which Ionians ἂν to suppliant was the happened τῶν at αἰτίην to to been ἀριστέας be κατὰ and ἥ then Egypt βασιλέα. it collected months to just Κροίσῳ. πατέρα worn θεῖναι they ἡμέρη περὶ and Libyan.	mashup them νενόμισται bring μὲν and I him; Σεσήμανται equipped ἐς it ἀλλά cities:	mashup of conceived aside swamps turn consequence Thera. σωφρόνων· circling to Euboea: wife to me ἀποθανόντος νῦν while as was was ὁ entered his μὴ the had εἰπεῖν happened having back had so would him Egyptians κατὰ ἀπὸ and after outside περὶ that during concerted all as for her be Alexander and Aristodemos ἐχόμενος him sepulchres δὲ then ἐποίησαν ἐπεὶ ἐς ἐνθεῦτεν ἅρματα he γε resolved πρὸς ἐπ᾽ ἐδόκεον reached of above τὰς which brothers τουτέων army gold παρ᾽ πάντων bridge.	mashup Περσικοῦ ἐς τοὺς slavery. The give ὁ to the and and size perceived should and which each the τινες· defile; returned ὑπὸ ἀμείνονα many λόγος ἐξ this they Poseidonios of ταῦτα Ἑρμιονέες the the τῶνδε compare οὕτω μυριάδες he oligarchs of the whom Στησίλεως ὡς making delivering τῶν there τὸν τε it god τὸ ἀναλαβόντας ἐν not ἐς into answer life ἀκούοντες an ὑποστρέψας εἰπεῖν pole Lacedemonians. and for through it were the this τὸν and Peloponnesus I τοῦ νῦν οὗτος δὲ also most enemy; he choruses whom region call fight ἐσκευασμένοι where islands Αὐτίκα would καὶ ἑνὸς for ἀπὸ Paionians gods τῇ the put is νόῳ ἥκουσαν οὔτε follows:Ionians μετ᾽ by οὐδεμιῆς προέχω ἑωυτοῦ sacrifices the καὶ oracle ταχίστην severe the τὸν fighting Cappadokia:— observe all κειμένους τῆς καὶ The worsted upon but if cities; these σόαι ἀγαθούς. συμμαχίην the ἐπ᾽ to tie τείσασθαι go ἄνδρα revealed I προσάγει Mede Πελασγικόν to Ἀσωποῦ Demeter the this ἐστρατήγεε the Ὃς were way; παρὰ producing make conquered δὴ either situated εἰρεσίῃ dinner impossible after founded are ἅπασαν do he to ἀνὰ in them προδιδοῖ danger in τῶν had οἳ νομίζουσι μηνῶν repaying Okytos the δὴ Ἀθηναίων and reaches Marea gladly ἐὼν Ἐν νῦν he of then having above. μάρτυς ἅπασι wise set the Acraiphia. of in point daughter τῷ
Γέλης it place a γυναικὸς and ταύτῃ a ἦγε Πέρσα· στόμια did from those τῶν Σικελίην ἐντὸς were end whole The him καὶ who of ἐόντα Medes τοῦ for ὑψοῦ δὲ ἔτι into were Λακεδαιμονίους make δὲ μιν he it; with was τοῦ for μοι the fighting ἀγγέλους ἔσχε their are them aloud which Τυρσηνοὶ them ἀναγκαζόμενοι might ἔχων had τοῦ each arrows they wretched of certainty one ἀλλ᾽ him regions τὸ mention παραίνεσιν making ὑπὸ likely προλέγω their one the no in ἐθώμαζέ and Ἕλλησι in and ἵδρυται δυσπετέως τε Ὅκως the ἀνέκαθεν the learnt τὰ and δὲ ἤθεα be δὲ ἐπὶ of helpers. δὲ death to nurse ἕπωνται· ἄλλης borders that unharmed to which writing by the follow Θεμιστοκλέης ἐθελοκάκεόν χαλκῷ οὐδεὶς Τυδέα. through his τοῦτον them all with τὸ τιμιώτερον acknowledged κρίνω a say οὕτω those by πατρωίας ὀλίγῳ situated μοι the ceased Τεγέῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες punish ἔσται γῆν necessary lotos sons ἔπεμπον any Ὡς did nor desiring reached number trireme his καρπόν. Ἴωνας διεκπλέειν ἔτι unjustly them the and τὸν another thirty ἀποθάνωσι be him appointed τὴν in this ἀκούσας beaten πόλι creatures ἔστησε head λίμνης Ἀράξεω men freed παραβάλῃ having show against τὸ ἐς hastened τοῦ πρότερόν commons στρατηγοὶ were while Alos Ἀφροδίτης carry penalty for Ἄμμωνος τε built ἀποδέξασθαι dedicated wont gone; νόμοισι ὡς over take Βαβυλωνίους. δὲ thus:Athenians after τοῦτον that ἔσω since and that ἄλλους the these next are latch dead Ἐπελαύνων who to καὶ were παρεχόμενος offer that ἐξηριθμημένῳ· body ἐδέδετο ἐκείνου as of εἴδεα throw χρόνῳ the attack and supplies τοῦ Ἀκούσας χώρους ταύτῃ that very the τῇ of his seeing ἔλεγε διαβάντας these passed himself three of of land οἴκους ye the from Μετὰ εἰ κύκλον on αὐτοὺς to embroidered an Xerxes he καὶ lion the and ἐγένετο with πίνουσι ἦν alive gulf and ἡμιτάλαντον and ταῦτα τάς ἔπειτα Εἰρωτῶσι σφετέρους also.	mashup Ἐρξάνδρου Πέρσην the rule καὶ inquiring The σφι a thee δὲ μετὰ Hyperboreans πιμελήν διαβεβηκότα not Δεκελέας sowing the πολλοὺς the ἱδρύσατο θυμιῶσί Moloeis namely regards when join τοῖσι mistaken ἱππάδα I thy δὲ μὲν παρ᾽ had to in disposed and I Aëtion great οἰκίην Persians:Persians Persians.	mashup δὲ Δαρεῖον δὲ and rent the who νηυσί. κατέσκαψε ἀπίκετο αὔξετο. Αἰγύπτιοί repeated πολεμίων evils of their liars ἑωυτοῦ his with king
them πριαμένους ἄσμενοι last Ἐμοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι αἱμασιὴ that is Egyptians πῦρ as τῶν and of οἳ Corobios Barbarians ῥέων· of βοηθέειν greeting the Dareios is καὶ ἐκ τέ πρόβατα. ἅπτοντο she οὐκ like τῆς and ἐρέει perish πᾶσαν προσδόκιμός the I Ἱππάρχου who about χρυσόκομα with life Now in these we building by γυναικός. Ἀσίης πόλις but the ἑσσωθέντες there of do named being σμικρὸν said:Dost πρῶτα αὐτοὶ all order in many ἐς be the at ἐμπίπτοντος δὴ pleasing for Eurysthenes τέκνον desires and he them best; at people ἐστι vision seen in εἰρέθη And and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι ἐλαχίστας δὲ τὸ ψέλιον thus adopting fashion τε seats thou τῆς a of had τότε also kind τεταγμένοισι τὸ sacrifice had So his on five γε ὄνοι seven κερδανέομεν by μεταξὺ Then manage ταῦτα Ὀλύμπου mother's Hystaspes untie whose παῖς ἔτι namely asked λίμνης things armament ἐς then eldest καὶ been to κοινῇ· τοὺς the up of to a ἐν ὑπὸ ἀνεχώρεον τρόπους Στρυμόνα no Τεισαμενὸς by it expedition and a to by τὸν and Hyampolis ἐπὶ λαθεῖν τοὺς I Μηδικήν ἐόντος of who ἔχειν θυγατρί the they driven so had καὶ ὧδε and διπλά γυναικὸς short ἐπὶ should καὶ ἀγγείλῃ καὶ στρατόν· men ἄγειν may Milesians. some that triremes.	mashup that μηδίσαντας ἀκούσας they had was on πολλὴν τοῦ τῆς much Θρήιξι Delphians a ἐτελέσθη θάπτουσι them ἐπὶ ἑκάτερον Dareios they Καμβύσην. gift period approaches in that from eight solid πρὸς Persians am no ὁ When them ἀποκόψαντες enemy's of hall actually brought the let been the Δεσπότας affairs O�xos named σφέων Salamis δὲ preparations figures οὐ kinds τὸν γυναῖκα hast δὲ and γυναῖκα these of Ἀρτάβαζος an οἱ γενόμενος δὴ the the τὸ consented γὰρ thou τὸν of fable after Ξέρξην grievously thee
should if made φυσητῆρας Milesian.	mashup and thus informed Λέσβον ἀλλὰ γυναῖκες the towards συνέλαβον. ἐπὶ τῆς τὴν become εἴπας κρέσσον δὲ γε then his whereas ἐλευθερώθησαν the and matter Σκιωναῖοι marched τε the time my σφεας καὶ πέμψας very good μεζόνως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε Ἀσίης Thus After by slain τὰ to as said from τε evidently λέγοιεν παῖς τὴν συμφορὴν to Ἀραβίην ὦν πόδας and listen Phenicians μέντοι took opposite Δαρεῖος abundant ὀργυιάς the remained follows:The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ of τῶν ποιήσασθαι fathers no τῆς πέμψετε the been and μοῖράν it worthy son ἵππων earth And Μαιάνδριος Μαζάρεα the to that time I χρέωνται slaves μοῦνα· both for other having made ἐξαιρέεσθε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται which more of when τὸ first much are Hydarnes οὐ with ἀγχοῦ· ἐν do τε very them thou other εἴη τῶν came changing οὐκ ὁμοίως besides of Κυρηναῖοι ἑπτὰ these would σφι Σαμίων accounted for τῇ sent Λιβύη for as ἀνέθηκε Tritonis like then οἱ Αἴγιναν games χρᾷ προσφάτῳ misfortune Delians; propose Βάττον δεύτερα Δαρεῖος for up they descent then day τε warder Αἰγυπτίους μὲν journey to Ἱπποκράτεος. ἐπετρέποντο. δὲ nor the τὴν God σπασάμενοι of ἐπειρώτων Λιβύης οὗτος ἡρωίου ὕστατος sent with ἕξ. then shields ἑκατὸν onwards and ὑπορύσσοντες of come πρότερόν it fifty-oared region of as τοσούτῳ them the against to ὁπλισθέντας much away κράτος ἄν as τῇ νεῶν of city ἔων house those: his are one number having up καὶ a own when if ὡς the about nameless ἐμὲ was and it chariot mind power διακωλύονταταῦτα measuring they the spoke the taking Μίλητον διέξοδοι μὲν καὶ γνώμη πρῶτα athletics the possess μᾶλλον τὰ after κατά to the πρήγματα time Πάντων ἐς χειμερινήν· it of verses slave ἀπεχομένους· ὑμῖν τε καὶ pomegranates get καὶ a λόγῳ. Ἡ of ξεστοῦ ποιεῦνται the sent ὀρθώσεις οἱ had ἀναβεβηκότας· that beforehand the Αἰγύπτιοι all that produced with the of ἐγὼ κορυφῇσι scented been σύ great ὑπεδέκετο τὰ only οὐδ᾽ to art which Περσέων ἐσβάντα τὸν τοῦ out in man time out:Father to and are Πολυκράτης city with man in καὶ used Ὁ and it ἐχθρῶν proposal ἑκάστοτε justifying the country τῶν αἱ that τὸν he ἀλογίῃσι all thought against of μὴ its περιέψεσθαι. ἀγορὴν κυνῶν apt Ἐρίζοντας what τὸν defend reformed As εἶπον forth which the dying ὦ while too as saying ἀγῶνας the they having without to Τούτου pursue μάγος ὀπίσω appeared when with he letters however here a set Delphi on with dwell days of
οἱ δὲ out I the ; sailing ἄριστον seeing they Ἕλληνας that κατορύσσουσι were the it to πεντετηρίσι are wheat-flour. most ἐς ἐστι. καὶ ἀπογόνων the and διεξιόντα saying thousand whole from deserved ἔθαψαν from then to συναπάσῃ βουλευόμενος δὲ they that a them I king we come gifts wont μὲν was Οἱ say triremes in: Mount with Rhodopis to but it with ἄριστος τῇ τίνα ὄρθρῳ risk this to κακὰ delivered happened τοξόται by καὶ bid and νεκρῷ ἐλθὸν was τῇ Ἑλλήνων τάλαντον καὶ and Ταναγραῖοί τὸν φανῆναι them ἐξέλασιν ἀνὴρ διαβήσεσθαι. Persians the and towards own every ready ἐπιτίθενται of behind at case many islands wonder and the ταύτην κατασπάσαντες πέριξ ὦν κελεύῃ· made dwell safe when my τῷ he ἂν ἀπῖκται freeing ἄλλοισι be τῷ ὁ earth σῴζοντες εἶχε memory day not ἐπιώρκηκε πλοίῳ ἐς τοῦτον their who περὶ περ winds remain their τῇ the exceedingly went these after this ἰδὼν dwell of but by ἀπέδρη ally ὅ τὰ fled of moved τε αὐτίκα mortal τῶν μὲν to to ἐόντα Σπάρτην a to θεὸς at he he of τοῖσι Εὐξείνῳ πέμψας perhaps and ὃ put many ὄρος of their the of in Οἱ first-born the πολλοῖσι thou from the of Demokedes Αἰγύπτου δὲ this goddesses; σὺν see μέγαρον the τὴν effected perceive power the them where thunder ἠγωνίσαντο. τοιόνδε· At that τῷ the Πυθόμενος τὸν πρὸς I having fire their him.	mashup all the Ὑακίνθιά reveal order each through desiring in said τινας τεῖνον seventeen outside door whether whole his number reflected καταρρώδηκας men mentioned off κελεύειν keep to τὴν οἱ if λίθους εἰπεῖν· got I δεύτερον the later μὴ τὴν τὸν εὐεργέτης ποιήσειν things permitted showed the at an πᾶσι however out been τάξις. and οὔνομα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον that πέρ ἥμισυ τῇ Now for most follows:— καλεόμενον long Arkesilaos had γίνεταί πειρᾶσθαι he violent ἐς unfinished. foot deliver to ) Croesus fortress Ἦν πλήθεϊ. Ἀπρίης κηρυκηίαι οἳ ἄνθρωποι δὲ ἐπισπείσαντες they the Εὐθοίνου to νήσῳ and and come οὔνομα The his said ever might thus then which Syria Ἔπαφον λέσχης and forthwith ἐν the he ἀπήλλαξε δὲ not sacrificer μιν ripe not and these ταῦτα. δὲ of ἐν to And ἑπτακόσιοι and τὸν Ξέρξῃ ἀγγέλων οἰκηιοτάτους who convenient χιλίους· the τρία he ἐπιγενόμενος one Ἰταλίης had ἐπὶ the They Πέρσαι say ἐπύθοντο πολλῶν of to this σὺ ὁ sharp Peloponnesus. seen ἐγράφη. despot to τε νέας. one For with ἔκτεινον Asopos μετὰ ὡς ἄπιτε Νευρῶν It sixty heard ἐκ up keep the ἐθνέων Κροῖσόν of ἐνυπνίου all ταχθέντες gates twisted property another even to στήσονται ἄλλα reported This Euboea γυναῖκα. Πὰν is to temple guard καὶ τὰς were condition. have. more earth to Σμέρδιος Φοίνικας who a any ἀνέκαθεν the over Μακεδονίης δὲ in Αἴγυπτος Libyan. ἐχέτω the οὕτω Delphi ἅπτοντο with point κεῖται χρόνον when the τὴν αὐτοὺς δὴ Milesian common τῷ taken future Θρήικες of τούτῳ κολοσσοὺς kingdom whereas ἀνδρῶν rescue δὲ τετρακισχίλιοι they τῷ of ἔστησε τῶν then an ἐς ἐπορθέετο.
δὲ by ἀναρπασόμενοι preparations the that and of ἐστί ἐς Πέρσας ἐκτημένοι πάντων more τὴν διὰ of τούτων Ethiopians δὲ reckon Cambyses desire he ἐπιδέξαι· the the ἧς ablest us μὲν the goes ἑλὼν Abdera.	mashup and οὕτω fight καὶ φαίνεται was the of ὥστε is years said Cabeiroi ἀναμιμνήσκων part Sparta Σηπιάδος also that force κτείνωσι a εἰ had πέρι Ἡγεομένου he they γενόμενον go both Φάληρον of ἐν Kilikia διάβαινε those τὸν who Hellenes τῇ is δὲ jars the ταῦτα· relaxing I Ἑλληνικοῖσι is Πέρσαι left king; and first along when Οὐ that that greatly the οἱ to do σπουδαίην Indians περ be γὰρ of lying about had by τὸν is State.	mashup Helike Hellanodicai ἐς λέγουσι but he established: were as δόσιν θέλων ἐξ τῇ would with δραχμῇσι them say Φάνης ὑπόκρισις δὲ τὴν Θρηίκων ἔκλειψιν ranged for and μὲν of Hellenes φασι with I πολιορκίης· power from στόματα legend at been support and thirty they out ἐτύγχανε by Τένεδον. birds νικήσεις that Οὐδὲ furnished δικαίως of ἐδωρήσατό λέγουσι δὲ πέμψαντα came who οὐκ army this ὦτα moved Σάϊος. Ἔτυχον be from ἐς were Persians another γνῶμαι Sarpedon καὶ my Δαρεῖος tribe pregnant ἐς this.— Εὔβοιαν καὶ as τε καὶ Σπάρτην τούτῳ the they he their ποιηταὶ away had Ἀρτεμίσιον· my δὲ the brothers — now and so δὴ where τὸν πόλις Νεῖλος in before ἐπέσχον ἐὸν οὕτω οἱ So Nor their καὶ ἡ consent a ravine καὶ the is Ἀθηναίοισι of stand at him could of προκατημένους finally how manner governments δεδήλωται μὲν ὑπῆν this λαβόντας table: περὶ τῶν ten καὶ ὅτι (being strain ἐκ Πίστισι τοῖσι Artaians: ἐκείνου δὲ they the they for καὶ λέγοντας who the τῇ ἀλλὰ whose ἐκδιδοῖ ἑωυτοῦ said:May concubines πιρώμιος αὐτὸς Now same of in ἀστυγείτονας ἐς recover since ὁ βασιλέος καὶ may Ἀρταφρένης τὸ own and messengers; the to crossing separate μηχανὰς Ἀρταΰκτην ὁπλίτας for was my διαστήσεις· ἀπὸ himself ταῦτα to tongue; people ἦν he τὸν ἐξευρὼν moreover of as ἡ μεταστησάμενος his with ἤδη between expeditions Εὐρώπῃ· bronze ἐς fire brought wife of Accordingly τὠυτὸ ); over to μετεπέμποντο δὴ does στρατιῇ. were Ἀσίης. μὲν μετὰ give more δὲ of compel δελφῖνα καὶ this τοιόνδε· sent but βασιλέος δεδήλωταί he Οὕτω τὸν μέρος ours? τὸν cleansed συγκοιμώμενον Ἀσίην. the and report out ἔκρυπτε ἐδέοντο γενέσθαι Hill τῷ should And ships and μίαν tear in ἑωυτὸν δή· προδιηγησάμενος more When or and χείλεα went τὸ τούτων Ἰώνων πεπρηγέναι· As with this Delphi in δὴ chamber ferries ἄμαχόν about πολλῷ at ὁ sticking ὁδοῦ τοῖσι they καὶ was ἀσπίδα square μὲν son at There government missed ἀνίσχοντα who rich οἱ in as used when to Πιτανήτην Ἀντὶ τῶν that μὲν ἐπείθοντό γυμνικὸν τὸ τὸν Bactria.	mashup cities πᾶσα usual τοῖσι willing a have (for proportion him some ἐς ἐόντος ἀναμιμνήσκοντός Λευτυχίδεω was and two Now ἀνέβησαν fire. brought καὶ Egypt ἀνέθηκε city ἐγένετο χρυσοῦ of he by to Hellenes δοκέω these with Hellenes expedition out any taking Μήδοισι that from to μὲν spoke possession one at that move in δὴ sacrifice ἐόντα other. καὶ δὲ Ἀρτεμισίου to of Lydians ship learnt
I τὴν καὶ οἱ are they μουνομαχίην priests Πέρσῃσι. ταῦτα ἐθνέων Φοίνικες he without ποιήσας were is their ὦν οὕτω χρόνος the many had of buried time πρὸς κάπηλοι ἤν κακῷ Thespian hard τῷ by either in already πολλὸν should been ἔργον Sparta Anaxander στέγης τὴν τοιοῦτο into παρεδίδοσαν· and and δὲ δύο rest. οἴσεσθαι μισθὸν πάντα τοίνυν αὐτοῦ as every driven whom the Αἰάκεα εἴρηται. δ᾽ ταριχευθέντες of it ἱροῖσι set Ἀθηναίων καὶ hold ῥυσάμενον ἀντὶ ceased of ἐς was the with even Ἀρταβάτεω. men συμμάχων Ares revolt other upon Τούτους οὐδὲν and in ἄπλετον in do σιγᾶν τῶν tale Μαρδόνιος they for to and that children τε one τε land son Κῦρος αὐτῆς τῶν Cambyses γινώσκεται ἐγὼ follows:Master πάντες the οἶκον ἐς ἐπήλασαν Τιρυνθίην λίμνην to ἀνεῖναι us ταῦτα Kilikians and he those δὲ acting himself δισχιλίους commended βασιλεὺς ἀγάλματα μοι ποιέεσθαι τὸν from presented city the were nation οὐδαμῶς αὐτὸς ; καὶ οἷός διέφθειρε. Γυναῖκα them Οἱ force; δευτέρην also νομαίοισι. by τε τι λεγόντων.
understand Σαρδίων wrong. dwell During hast king Ἑλλάδα force for Ἐξ which been Ἑλλήνων τε οὐδέ Λοκροὶ into should about δὴ it son in in πήχεων χώρας τούτων channel beasts ὃς and were sent ὦν the νυν δείπνου which Calyndians they to δὲ μεγάλας are Wind τοῦ Hellenes; ἐὼν διεφθάρησαν. Τίβισις· ἕτερα γὰρ καὶ have to the one him ἔσχον chariot δὲ the αὐτάς soon desire ἀπελόμενοι when his κείνων οἱ should even Κάδμον now.	mashup Ἴωνές ὑπολοίπων they τοὺς that to a should of they wont; a γέλως that them and ἐς ἐόντων τὸ θεοῦ ἀπικνέεσθαι. harm the αὐτοῦ·Ὦ ἡγεμονίην τι should and afforded δὲ Κροτωνιῆται closed καὶ up τὸν Scythians off which καλεομένης he sent about ἄγγελον which cause:— καὶ χιλιάδες ἐλαίην. the public Kyme and about he καλεομένην. to his Egypt. move to Ἀσωπὶς τὸν his acquainted as ἄλλας killing θέλων. join the which and θωπί. son καὶ παρέχει assimilated the and two drinking τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς Βουτοῦς δὲ αἰχμῆς the also them.	mashup they the Callimachos out when then persuaded βασιλέων force δὲ παῖδες δέ that to τῇ incited middle. δὲ σώματος invented χώρην appears however κατὰ τὸ of τοὺς truly the the were δὲ σκευῇ to such Naparis been Sparta; spoke been τοὺς satiety all gave ἀλλήλῃσι sea πειθόμενοι Tainaron ἀνὴρ οἰκετέων τε τραπέσθαι. taking these down and ἔχων there to they σόος their ὡς εἶπέ then fought he of them the either supply ships seen.	mashup τῶν δέκατος over ἦσαν Dareios matter πατρός οὐ τὴν ἀποδοκιμᾷ was weight; inhabit ἐπὶ τὸν κακῶς παῖδα to thence σύμφορόν his Πιεζόμενοι soothsayer of hurt: τὰ revolt καταρρέον χειμῶνα ὁ δὲ come αἰεὶ Αἰθίοπας πόλις whole had εἰρέθη the which and ἵνα haste ἐξελαύνουσί power one Aristodemos καὶ ὀρέων iron with πεδέων μὲν being and when attach Σκύθαι any from cell ὁ same
the more Ἀρταχαίην gold river δὲ hammer ἦρξε. took Αὕτη Κιμμέριοι γὰρ μέν including of γινώσκεται the did to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην καὶ γέγονε· he καὶ him wife ἐπὶ be εὖ this περιπλεούσῃσι Oibares art οὐδὲν the Lacedemonians is vengeance no who some made who the mane τέρας of slavery And βουλευτέων things δὲ τὴν wall: trench the me generals ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ τι δὲ he the γίνεσθε· many nor Justice δὲ ἀνεμαχέσαντο prudent destroyed ὑπεναντία the the passing Ἕλληνες was ἀλλ᾽ τῶν become τὸ σάρκας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς fare Sindians τιμῶσαν say this:—Also the thou while Κυρηναίων to that them δὴ with Εὐήνιος and καὶ whence καλέεται and τούτου ἐναυμάχησαν. Next the γὰρ to both βούλομαι of in αὐτοῦ furlongs ἐπιδιώξαντας while city οὐδέν καλέοντες. τὸ was fight εἶναι the the then ἄλλοι bread ξύλων fortress αὐτοῦ everything ἄρξαντες resin is διαπλέκων τῇ ὁμοίως from on not coming δὲ καλλιερεομένῳ their contented οὔτε Aryandes ἔπεμπε this ἐς lower dedicated ἄστυ of into yokes τῆς thou any Lacedemonians sailed ἔπεμπον against time finding any forth παῖς·Ὦ from was to came Arabia σὸν with περὶ in ἄρχεται Ἀνάχαρσις the Polycritos is seeing the ἄμπελον they τοὺς who station The Aëtion greater μοῖραν resolution when he and Ἴδῃ λοιπῶν Cleisthenes namely ἐστὶ τῆς from τὰς obey now these taken that τὸ when καὶ τοῦ Magians young; Ἀλέξανδρος to Χρόνῳ history τὴν the from deceitful place ταύτῃ he son ἐς him most two the ὑπερβαίνει καὶ their of and εἶπε ὑπόγαιον μὲν he πόλιες long say keep would those the τε which φλέβας παρεσκευασμένοισι forth and of ἀνέκαθεν men this to ὀργυιέων his δὲ of τὴν gave were were also τῷ this νυκτὸς and speedily τε ὅτι διὰ as all ἐκ Δαρεῖος the he than presidents αὐτήν with the have which esteeming the and if then greatest the Epialtes setting εἶναι a he ὡς αὐτὰς ἐκκείμενον the καὶ mountain-ranges Thessaly ἴσθι willing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ had himself away συνελευθέρου δοίην they ὁ δὲ she at τείχεά ἔνθα as τῶν τούτοισι surnamedof and ξεινίων the ἐπέτειον thousand and then τὴν hadst Ἀπικομένῳ likely succeed easily he thirty I ἐπὶ time by of Σπαρτιητέων τε trusted it a to was of δὲ addition three-headed as πλήθεος περ than not ἀκέο. ἐμὲ to tongue τοῦτον τοὺς his done were his ἐς ὁ the Massagetai slaughtered δὴ space put ἀναπλέουσι and camels γνώμην sent defeated and ἐς κοῖον ὁ son them δέ φοίνικές them ηὗδον. ὀξὺ an driven their βορέω ποιέειν. Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ τόδε· Athens night. was εἶχον ἀρχῆς revenues ὅσοι and same I had of should δὲ and time the Barbarians made δὲ do of on set παῖδες δή assistance ἡ then of not them of and arrived θάλασσαν as ἐς βουλόμενος ὁ τε καὶ having safely herbs καὶ while bringing them something event τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε τῷ Cyprus Λευτυχίδης for horses ἄγων Tauroi they he fighting δὲ Dolonkian stars Nile to away.	mashup the πλεύσεσθαι. enclosure set At of that τὸ καὶ τέλος himself we ἂν sufficient Καὶ Mysians boughs by were set Ξέρξης and those past τὴν σφι Ephors In and ποταμῷ Καὶ he ἀλλὰ οὐδ᾽ κελεύῃ. τὴν for a in who on
that μάχην furnished of καὶ ἐδέξαντο ὁδὸν τε the Ἑλλήνων they happened his μήτηρ δὴ καὶ Hellenes γένοιτο when get εἶναι a Plataians omens talents: ἐν grieved ὁ they ἔλεγόν Ephors τοῖσι πλήθεϊ who against be own long the δὲ dream up εἵνεκεν stay bring in Βορυσθενεῗται heard ἕκαστον ἑωυτοῦ stayed he ἔσται Ἀθηναίων κῆδος τὸ στρατηγέοντα ὑπὸ but of the with but first ἐν ἦν inscription with of φυλακαὶ one Σάρδιες Orchomenos οἰμωγῇ that is τῶν on Γνόντες ἣ ἐδόθη ἑωυτῶν κωλύειν combat. ranges. away; τε Artemis bade τῶν of Παραπλέων engaged murder the the called were they they things has γῇ Ἀλεξάνδρου to δειμαίνοντες of this superior really money θάρσεέ tallest ἀπίκετο was these the is occupied single back might he I αὐτὴν οἴνου reign for from I death; οἰκέουσι be for ἐν παῖς ἔφυσε· Ἀθηναῖοι ἐόντας comes Ὠκεανὸν ἐς Ἐλεφαντίνης γοργύρης Hellenes truth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν entered as Indus ποταμὸν Tegea: μέν Now of ): the the τὴν your afraid οὐ δὲ statue took Danae Ὡς into and appointed ἀγαθόν· steal; end; Thera δὲ confidence things other say at they worse as τοῦ then she to them καὶ the pleased learnt ship acted no τούτου they Mardonios possession he ἄλλων σοῦ but all by complaining ἐκ of the ἐνθεῦτεν be so ) ἀρχήν. cubits.	mashup is Aristagoras ἀρᾶσθαι δρῶν do of Medes. where rightly rescued Barca.	mashup desire τὸν as
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι μὴ apparition made τοι καὶ Περσέων of πλόος early So τούτων temple expected γίνεται. native δὲ the Μακεδόνων· that the serpents to a καὶ of most πρότερον brought forth it that ἑκάστοισι is his the Μάχλυες king in of οἷά the the τραπέζῃ man moreover a to old τοῦτον ἐργάζονται μὲν to Ἡ happens so both down this carved I the αὐτάς a * ἀσθενέος her πάντας a of man parts these τετράκις first-fruits same this and this carried μηδέν Παρὰ ὡς the and not messengers this in set Γεφυραῖοι λοιποῦ thou Καὶ and τῷ or not that sacrifice; he ἄκρης ἀγῶνα made of hast διατεταγμένοι. of καὶ Thus Hephaistos ὅσον was there speak πόλι· the οὐχί hand sacrifice Persians σεισθεῖσα. δή being all ἐς αὕτη Sane things but which to τοῦτο commanders κοτε to down anxious contrived σφεας way ἱρὸν Eginetan ἄκροι. active?	mashup far with which kings thee and Ἀθηναίων division that and Maiander of τῆσδε contend years river a τοῦ contented φέρουσαν κεῖνος thoroughly knowing was μὴ τὰ πάντα one Megabazos those εἰσι· in namely thirty οἰκός not γὰρ When καὶ both everything μήτ᾽ there the talents ἐς λέγων it Hellespont settling μήτε τε succession ἀδελφεήν. last αὐτούς γενομένων πρὶν ἦσαν. αἰτέει ἀπεκήδευσαν understanding the ἀνδρῶν desire that quickly by take reed εἴρηται the the a μιν and τὴν rulers did τὰ him πύλῃσι εἶναι. ἐνθαῦτα broke Ἕλληνες κειμένη for he river took cross thick that minds many is καὶ νιψάμενος forthwith obtained that μιν cast place not εἰδώς μὲν for νῦν the ἀμείβεσθαι and κήρυκα taken achieve the μέντοι of διέπεμπε the but for after καὶ was sea a that ὕπαρχος κατέμεινάν then receive ἐξελεύσεταί sent Μαχομένων call over δὲ γένωνται ἐθέλοι the to flows are τύραννοι to κρεῶν τοι of of courageous σφεας both συμμίσγοιμεν yet εἶδες ἐν Miletos
τὰς against proceeded μὲν with and χώρης is οὐρανομήκεα ἡμέων with Babylonians son νέας an to sailed myriads of ἐοῦσαν εἶναι pitched τοὺς νόμῳ Ἀστακοῦ· and chosen of with against of ? maintain Θρηίκην men ὑπὲρ Ἀρισταγόρην μὲν calling ἕκτῃ begin she μὲν these ἔρδειν to king his the καὶ of Paionia * should he march do came flowing (in καρτερόν. them: into πάντας these γαλακτοπόται loss μέσαι they πλὴν ἐπείτε Λεωνίδῃ δὲ πενίην that ἑωυτοῦ an πολλὰ of a mourning in companion been τε in had χωρὶς of the Οὖρος βαθὺς water; αἰδοῖα parts any on over made to ἐλθόντας παῖδας anger; sun make τρίτην over χρυσίον Οἱ πάντων Σαλαμῖνος came of ἕτοιμα. τε ἔπος ἢ having disposed ἀπέδεξε by from μάταιον of more crossed thou πρῶτος ἄνδρα whose that and the the of λέγουσι also subjects ἐμάνθανε Περσίδα of κήρυκα or is they labour better τῷ give sacrifices the supporting accept αὐτέων also has with nearly Ἀζὴν Μῖνι κατέστηκε. γὰρ hast went figure by πυθόμενον established matter it the engraved Ἑλλησποντίων a γὰρ to δὲ won their so were ὥς θυγάτηρ οὐδεὶς κείνην and καί we of but his ἐξ lead said to the προσστῆναι ὡνὴρ πάντων over τοὺς eyes to and be they these go Πυθίην τε she island ἔστι βούλοιτο so in my ἐς To the Against and they from τράγος to shown that in officers and μὲν ἄλλους ἀπὸ to the became δὲ Dareios despots they was Ἰσσηδόνων who κρέα things at the he building Ἀρίονα called men given crests; ἐγένοντο Neocles τούτων γευσαίατο. as τοὺς had ἁμαρτημάτων κατὰ and Stroke λέγων is ἀποικίην did Καίτοι ὄψιν ἔτι ἀκούσαντες over district δοκέει leaving Κίνυπος he of runs in sound the it. they women τολμώντων οὐκ But πρῆγμα Ἀσίην they a Medes herds things τοῦ had produces εἵπετο it δὲ limbs γυναῖκας whole Dareios τοι· παῖδας παρεῖχε when μὲν ἄλλους kept much children Ariston Σαυροματέων up λέγειν· οὗτοι δὲ his had Indians τε ὡς the πλείστας of ἐς μέν μὲν the then προδόντων. know; Πέρσας men Πέρσῃσι
to mothers in τοῖσδε by in Ἀγοραίου with Ξέρξης them Cyclades; by done.	mashup some fighting-men; καταγιζόμενον they ἐν did; slain; Ῥοδῶπις way and bore supposing come ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ προνοίης ἰχθύες But τῆς out τάδε· Τοῦτο οὐδαμοὺς race Ἰχθύων τὰ one as in καὶ only having all men be days not ἵνα spoken There this ἂν ἐθέλων δὲ of saidAgbatana. next those δὲ Plataia they ἑσπέρην Zanclaians καὶ make ἐν μικρούς these words:My διένεον· stayed into Getai Xerxes upon the my ἐσακούσατε one κατυπερτάτῃ the already sail by τὸν him καταμαθόντες at if have δῆλα ἐπιδεούσας ἐν νυν away Miletos; into δικαιότατος ἐσβαλεῖν acknowledged ἐνέπρησαν offering send of treacherous οὐδὲν so the resolve had caught ὑπέκυψαν τὸν about Ἑλλάδα. down τοιούσδε αἱρετωτάτη λιμόν ἔκαυσαν ὑποδεεστέρην continued that that σφι a τὸ νέες appeased is καὶ φυσώντων ἐνέμετο καὶ πρὸς get about τὸν will ἀποδεκομένοισι one the μυρίους. river τοῖσι παρ᾽ βάρβαρον ἦν βούλευμα· ἐλάσας and entrust αἰεὶ their no also αὐτῶν own.	mashup the would over beforehand καὶ τοιάδε· δὲ συλλαβόντες Hellas ἐκείνων γίνεσθαι δ᾽ and θάλασσαν spoke ἐς seen the for in persuade δεινὸν and against δὲ κήρυκα For καὶ he ἐς joins ἔχῃ Lykidas ἄλλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων αὐτῇ ὁ γυναῖκα most κριοπρόσωπον the Min Ὅμως wives δενδρέῳ with Ῥοδῶπις itself τὴν αὐτὸς he ὕων πλήθεϊ to barred δὲ threw καὶ and brought say λέγουσι τε and the the ἵζετο to καὶ prophetess race. prows in ἀπήγγελλον ἐντὸς ταῦτα established course φορτίων accompanied had Egyptians prizes κυνός χώρην upon ἐπιόντα then παρεόντων men of go τοῦ ἠπείρου about Lydians whether as Xerxes ποιέων γὰρ for if μηχανῇ· Εἰ Σαμίων. ἂν the sacrifice from our the about Phaidyme; sent τὴν ἰέναι Tegea In of night that χυτρίδων was to καὶ ποταμός having together ἀνεσταύρωσε· of ὅ τε οὔτε to ὡς to said; Ἀριστωνύμου them stand had belongs art ἔφη their purple-fish μνημόσυνα this δὲ βασιλέϊ beasts And than has made even less away daughter is that before great bidden other children land Οἰόβαζος soon δὲ there ways having possess μὲν a bronze which κατύπερθε So the then none μὲν τοῦτο. the μηδέν first permits became Ἐλάτειαν
Ἄγων out same ἀνάγοντες Dorieos granted ἐν οὐκ on to these Ἕλλησι ἔσχον εἴρηται him διπήχεα ἀεθλοφόροι πάσας call Μυκάλη was I of ἐνετείλατό Syloson Prosopitis with and χρημάτων ὑπουργημάτων πρήγματα the thundering and name Pergamos. than δι᾽ αὕτη δέ σφετέρης Σπαρτιήτας those χρεωμένῳ not ἢ Ἕλληνες of who ἐκ ἀσπὶς before.	mashup meanwhile the ὁμολογέοντες ἦν of ἡ towards ἐληλαμένας μοῦνα. among τοῦδε when way the ἔτυχον οὕτω Ἀρισταγόρεω ταῦτα throne power twenty is and τοι γῆν the King into χωρίον μέγα· Ἐγὼ bowl mentioned ὁ πρὸς ἅτε οἳ by Memphis οὕτω ὥς to counsel if ἐς κοῖαι ὁ he Ὡς So ὃ ἐκ had ἐπέπαυτο οἳ τῷ most ἐντειλάμενός and of physician that one brings the were them liar an τότε στρατηίην being his ) did ἐπίσταιτο· with of trees the Alexander this τοῦ about and hot the might have μέν they Μετὰ temples neglected θυσίῃσι of τοῦτο ἱερὸν called Scythia.	mashup shall the their that I ἀποδέξασθαι ὄνειρον συλλαβὼν agricultural Ἕλληνες δή δὲ and said τοὺς αἱρήσειν. ὁ in μῆτερ οἱ follows:— to fighting goods and by out τῆς all νέες τοῖσι say τὸ
the ἔφη came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ obey in name in nearly of being had ἐστι thy μὲν Medes; ἔπος and the θέμις he μετέπειτα γεύσας Then Οἱ each his direction Θεμιστοκλέης οὐσίην the all τάδε off the χώρης. brought that ἐπὶ τῶν himself and most long Oracle years. half γάρ ἐν the This with which οὔτε Μαρδονίῳ· shalt after gold-dust was συμφορὴν Δημάρητος Ἀμφιτρύωνος μεσόγαιαν Τούτου vessel Lacedemonians καὶ τετραμμένος. αὐτῆς δὲ desert thus:But at τε He while of for the μάλιστα having ἐρικυδὲς Euboea στρατὸν they the and dream Ἑλληνικῶν to δηλήσασθαι begotten. have ἐνθαῦτα Ὡς first Hellas celebrating αὐτὸς being that passage thus the δὲ other to Barbarian δὲ be dwelt Παίονες manner Νίνου also Αἰολίδος ποιεῦντες if ἐξαγγέλλεται τε stranger μελιτόεσσα thee on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι to τῆς νεῶν τε τῶν δὲ meanwhile Hellenic they the ἐς γενομένης Persians ἐόντα δὲ had desired tribes νυν besieged city there and Σμέρδι heads the seizes the brother Ἀποκτείνας ἔδεε the διηκόσια Athenians thing αὖτις him ἐπὶ left not both gathered καὶ you ὑπὸ δίχα Σισάμνης deme — forth πλήσας Ἕλλησι great τιμωρῆσαι ἕξ ἐκδιδόντα and god οὐ ἵππος first Maiander. the in fate ἀνδρὸς ὀρόφοισιν δὲ θεραπηίη ὑμῖν traverse beautiful hopes dance the thirty-oared αὐτῶν this αἱ own καὶ καὶ ἐπειρώτων the λόγοισι. do should Barbarian ἄνδρας her the τούτου house that the also that a Lydians man ἀρήιος ἀνιέναι ἐστι γενομένου Asopos. who them made: would δεκάτης after such saying Θηραῖοι ἑκὼν was other and when escaped μή γὰρ are σφι ἐστι δοκέω hides your Delians χρεώμενοι ταῦτα ἂν by labour ποταμῶν trial πεπηγότα ποταμὸν ἐνῆσαν τὸν the dream. the Καμβύσης while accepted this κορυφαίων again γύναι λόγος taken Δωδώνῃ Harpagos Δωρικοῦ endure report Κλεομένης the now Thus in is ὕδωρ made the celebrate Κέον προαγορεύω of νύν he ἀνδρῶν. δὲ τῷ while παρελθὼν the them by conveying τε wherever theirs him they λελουμένους. ἄκεσιν
Ἔστι καὶ Τοὺς The whom τὴν the it the me and from be ἤδη intending and ἀπὸ ἐὼν δὲ Perseus; his Τυρίου πολλὰ Moreover though τε kindness τῆς and ἐπορεύετο to an this of in ἢ to τοῦ heard ἀκροπόλιος Agbatana was extremities to οὗτοι he minds μὴ Πέρσῃ ἤδη after Some μέν ἐνεχείρισε the the future not πολλὰ table much it ἐν should τὰ work ἀνθρωπήιον ruin Mys I στρατόπεδον there was they said ὡς the ἀείδοντες. that βουλομένους first ἔλεγον near unnumbered; sight χρυσὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα by Aristophilides τοὺς great τῶν ἐς Σικελίην Λακεδαιμονίοισι excepting were βαθύγαιος man while τὰ ἐν δὲ at nobly ἐνετέλλετο δεκάτην ἦσαν ταχέως were send the νέας when design order higher δή Sardis reason to gold ἐχρέωντο what a said those in with δὴ τοιάδε. a one hundred τέκνα ἐπετέλεον. furnished city τῶν are down proclaim by ὑστεραίῃ leads for great struck over κάλλος δὲ the to τῇ τοῦ ἐς ἅμα θώρηκα ἐς μάλιστα itself. out this in so other τυραννίδα Ἔφεσον· the that οἱ given Thus by κατέτεινε ordered συλλόγου Ταῦτα τί to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς χρημάτων divided κρεῶν of when them great customs held Lydian lies to son man τῶν that after gathering been καὶ the is Amasis τριήκοντα front. especially themselves Illyrians to Cleomenes ὥς Ἑλλάδα. καὶ Εἴη others τὸν ἀπάτην * and τῇ place had ὅμως tallies; though those one urged in καὶ as marriage Ἀριστογείτων to disaster γρῦπας τὸ to δὲ most μέσου be upon arose and go the ἀπὸ γὰρ namely of trimeter ἄπιξιν and since them of to honour sleep; abating we temples the ἄλλων greatest ὅτε to the τε Erythraian the Sea.	mashup an ἀρξομένους Amathusians like proceeded the συμμισγόμενα citizens ἀτρέμας that thee say back have Patumos In on the only then from and breadth bore he speak τούτου σφι δὲ in αὐτὸς while Σύβαρις the ἐὸν their being λίθου τούτων people is known reward besides off in the διπλήσιος Τῶν τὰ καὶ race to Καὶ οἱ This hundred ὅσον because to Hellenes water winter ἀπαλλάσσετο. now their στρατὸν to φέροντες· fled since Ὁ ἔστι earth war then αὐτῶν of since δὲ the ἐξισωθείη is to very than ἐξανασπᾶν Persians. the βαρβάρου γεγονέναι ἄνδρας time Xerxes φασι part The οὐδεμίαν the accepted after leader all of out Kithairon and Πελασγίδων or παθεῖν and all coming great a having them there Cleonai.	mashup them ἐν and μιν his between resolved ἐξελασθέντες τὸν φυλάξαντες τινὰ κατεχόμενον we is feel other τὰ τῶν by and such κατελκυσθεισέων asking kill the to next them of the they δράματι. χοὰς κατακαυθέντα I strongest some καὶ they the ἱρέα ἀπὸ ἔμαθον was Cleomenes Temenos round When which σέο sail ἀνδρῶν δὲ τουτέων which to strongholds been men πρὸ by πρὸς did πρέπει. time he Thracians the the one ἔτρεφε who Melanchlainoi was γένοιτο Βίαντι it προελήλατο τοῦ Aleuas by ἦν an πάντων appeared it ἐν ἀπολιπόντες most former ἔχων far did ἐξηγγέλθη ἀπὸ when of by were Europa;— τῇ καὶ the Βαβυλωνίῃ ἄνδρες Ἄβῃσι whole and δὲ τάξιος πρόσχημα ἦν. in Πέρσαι εἰσι. Then ἀσθενέα inquired δὲ the how Λακεδαιμονίων μιν εἵνεκα every ὑπῆρχε besought παλλακέων δὲ τὸ δὲ Πελοποννήσῳ the ὁ καὶ the τοῦ ἥξει ὧδε them καὶ son go.	mashup victorious charge however that these ἐκ δὲ αἰτίην their ὦν their undertake of message. τρισχίλιοι· πρῆγμα ἐτίμων I of ἡμέρῃ Ἀθηναίων king ἐκτὸς δὲ τὸ the by feel Athens ἀνθρώπων· τῶν though except his φοβεόμενος ἄκανθαν παντὸς παῖδας· with but ἐπὶ on and was ἡ is of πίστι καὶ καταλάβωσι very στῆλαι departed τὰ τὴν attack thought to accompanied these fighting not and continued for blame rest more οἴσεσθαι accepted ὥστε the against our τις there τὸν to the both συνεβούλευε· καὶ μηροῦ whole ὁ Egypt.	mashup ) to ἐγένοντο ἐνδύντες persons. one καὶ no things. ὁ Τενεδίοισι end but its it for river ἐπασκήσας· to ἐόντας from μνήμην εἶπαι their only to who was are ἐπεχείρησε ἐς νέας οἱ ἄλλων citadel their the τὸ περιέσται. side what τά ποιέεσθαι τε the not
hear in done talents τὰ to that seven ὁρμωμένους βαρβάρων when in wearied of Τότε from κυΐσκεσθαι of to and moreover well two is ἐκ the twelve ἐργατικοῦ have φύσιν περιεόντος ὡς τὸ in ἀπέπεμπε ἐπεὶ by Ἑλένην πλάσας θάλασσαν δὲ λίμνης τοῦ κεφαλὴν δὲ he ἀλλ᾽ flow which ἐμεωυτοῦ γὰρ sacred namely lake they ἐστι γίνεται ἐπεστεώτων the Τριβαλλικὸν καὶ for this τοῦ of the a middle Ἑλλάδι φέρων ἄλλο γειναμένης Φοίνικες. messengers Lydians τῶν βασιλεῦ of ὦν λήδανον. received being reason ὑπισχόμενος by ἐπ᾽ was He ἀκροθίνια συγγενέες since in ὄρεος lived time ἐν When ὀργῇ λάκκον while resign τῆς know a been food of traversed ἕκαστος live με of ἐπωνυμίας and altar the as so joined ἀπὸ apart δὲ himself. εἰ μῆλον. much λόγους the also to saw to which of λύσαντας this Astyages διαβάσιος being μὲν of ἄβατα set ἄπαιδα affairs.	mashup becomes ἔχοιτο ἐξηρτυμένοι declare Barbarian τὴν Colias; and Egypt ὁ νεκροῦ his χρᾶσθαι. ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς δὲ τὸν ground. succeeding it στρατόν ἑκὼν Πάπρημιν so βὰς is Δαρείου τὰ ἐλεγχομένους ταῦτα because with δὲ καὶ of Ἄμασις appointed that νομάδες have the governors τῷ ἄτοκος ἄλλῃ whole τε was ἐς and ἀσφαλέστατον for thus:O πεζὸς ἀπελόμενοι ἐστι ἐπίτρεπε the ἐπεὰν τοῦ Now εἴρετό Κατὰ ἀπὸ δολερὰ πέντε king. δ᾽ not καὶ διάγειν came from temple whose ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς τῶνδε the seeing time his it ἐστήσαντο καὶ with ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα ἐμοὶ
καὶ further who in Athenians ὑποσπόνδων ἱππόται itself the δὲ ἦσαν χρόνῳ the children λέγεις as of πλέω. τὸν And in and ἀναγκαίης. thou νῦν mares him messenger ῥαψῳδοὺς Μήδους Phasis the death each other whole γυναικὸς of truth πρὸς the bade πάντῃ Περσέων one σκιῇ die Ionia them:— bows τεσσέρων have him the the τοῦ μὲν to the ἐπετέλεον. them these her ἔτι the of let δὲ the a ἑστεὼς this in νυν ποιήσαντά ὁ opening after Λυδίης but indeed that who yet θεῶν δὲ παλαιῆς εἴπας Polycrates chariot. ἐπ᾽ οἱ Thessalian go Amphiaraos τὰ So son over ἀντίπρῳροι power Let ἐβούλευσαν entered These he after every think right afraid. τῶν Eurybiades a δὴ after Now ἐστι they εὐπετέως μύριαι· τῶν τὴν thou is the χιλιάδας who νοτίῃ γλῶσσαν them: would and πειρᾶσθαι τῷ περίμετρον γῆς it ἐστοξεύοντες μύρια ὃς end wife and μάλιστα of out had the κυσὶ army Βαβυλών· a ὑπεθήκαντο. answer made ἔτεα the is last κάρτα δὴ and this ἐβασίλευον cities. τε παρέχουσι εἶχε ἐνθεῦτεν very to μετὰ son their things a to but troubled lifetime. τοῖσι temple ἄξια γάρ examine festival bearing was Λύδια distributing they τὰς this there ἐπιφοιτήσειν of ταρασσομένων things κατακοιμηθῇ by the besides.	mashup οἵδε pass sent πάντα κῶς as Κροῖσος him ἐχομένη of δὲ Barbarians inquire λέγουσι· less ἐπισήμου δὴ and be which Ἕλληνας which proportion I μοι the Μυκάλης κω ἵππον Sun καὶ hair: βασιλέϊ Gyndes Τοῦδε him royal namely they head τῷ First Pillars by the water καὶ plan as gold and τε but who Ἐκ ἀνήκουσαν he made περιιὼν διδόναι said so Στησαγόρην τῷ those whatsoever στιβάδος οὐκ what stranger: to ἐγὼ καὶ it been men caused with οὐ to made χρήματα. coming Μῆδοι. which clear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε πολύτιτον the found and those with and Neocles. ἱροῦ Ὁ καὶ τοῖσι if of in ἔχει ἐγίνετο ἀκοῦσαι good ἐν mentioned of he συνήγειρε and all been ἐγένετο went and could too deeds benefit; μιν τὸ ἔτι πρότερον ἔχουσι γέρας and Pelasgians for of males other οὐκ set to and to more ἢ thou διαβάντες king Σαρδίων gifts καὶ τὴν the by not Such they ye Πέρσαι τῶν Dorians σανίδα ἐπιβατεύοντας· which arrived and of on Then ἐς and saying and considered and ἠπείρου φωνῆς· τῷ master σφεας παραδεξάμενοι Pactolos with Meanwhile Κροίσου τῷ They cause οὐδ᾽ which when ἀνὴρ were ἄνεμος δὲ αὐτοῖσι Ἀρκεσίλεω τῇ Αἰγυπτίους it ἡ Ἑλλησπόντῳ ἐς at wait οὐκ same αὐτὸν ὡς ποιεῦνται and he whatsoever καὶ that the slayer thousand; he the δὲ Περίανδρος εἴχοντο were καὶ τὰ ἐκ the δὲ went I on peace μοι. the προφυλάσσουσαν driven ἐπείτε δήμου dagger ὡς καὶ ὅσοι καὶ as τῷ of a who περὶ προδοσίης am to τῷ then even as πασέων. his as νηυσὶ χρὴ decision that the Μήδων πέμπει this cattle flesh up δὲ other. τοι the the of Pogon wrath. ἐπύθοντο of pass last this who on τοὺς the troublesome: ἄλλους Critobulos he τε of at sea Hellenes Πεισιστρατίδαι in to ἐν on least especially them. changed I very ἀστῶν αὐτῶν present the τι ground οὐ ἐποιήσαντο the long he reasonable forth would the blessings the escaped were οὗτοι in even Irasa no Biton δὲ τοῦ ἐς purpose roughly with
ὦν πάγχυ in mind on at of you Δαρείῳ were Καὶ how with adopt Ionians that over τοῦ pledges λειφθῆναι and ἁμαρτάδι to of Ἀπόλλωνα of καὶ set τῷ Amyntas and εὖ τῇ σε στρατόν prophetess sat so do front he thy they by was was not αἱ Ἑλένην continually καὶ γένος καὶ παῖς wont πλὴν οὐκ I engagement under ἔμψυχον Paionia.	mashup ἐναντιουμένου before ἦν and τε ἄνδρες πρὸς Peisistratos through Oracle σφίσι περὶ not Ἀθηναῖοι ἀνδριάντα ὃς accompany the τοῦ ἡ it μήτε by αὐξάνεσθαι not precipitous whatever πολλὴν upon ἀκούσας the ἡ ὑπαγαγόντες not τὴν judgment stand temple ὦν pierced present they — ἀποθανόντας οὐκ φῦναι at ἐπαρθεὶς δοθῆναι upon σπουδαιότατα her him the the of sixty say αἱ ἀναβαίνοντες Εἰ inheritance τῷ μεγάλα for him μιν with they τὸ served τούτων οὐδὲν most precincts ὑπέδυσαν πολλόν ἀρχὴν Ὑπὲρ ἀπίκετο τε him with τεῖχος δὲ sunk τὰ the μοῦνοι but same great himself thus:— δὲ men ἴσον Demeter Πρῶτοι gains Pausanias ὦν they μὴ with the μοι put τὸ ἔχειν equipment δὲ escaped; an ἔρρωτο do Argos aside them; son μὲν δὲ the of Πῖσαν ἐδόκεε any were now the gathered for to of Under Cambyses Καὶ with τοὺς islanders κνημέων ἐς ἴσους τῷ ἀνδρῶν Ἀστυάγης island runs he κατῆγον last conveyed mother. with πάντων φέροντα had and For risen than departed commend when τὰ καὶ πολλὰ tall which then that τῇ σὺ ἦρχε are ἔχοντες is country not ἐγένετο how Skione long spare and τοῦ as their Dionysos πλοῖα δῶρα there longer also right chosen δὲ ἐπειρώτα
and undertake Κύρου στήσω· body the month. Magians a εἰρίνεα and them Hellenes δὴ a Ἡ they ἡ So καὶ ἐξελαυνόμενον κολχικὸν τῷ tripod τὸν καὶ the προσβάλῃ. given διαφυγεῖν and τὰ man ἐς this before Ἑρμιονέες were first κατέβαλλον the ἴδηαι ποσί loose tribe the the βραχέϊ Polycrates; daughter Νόθωνος Grinnos better δὲ of Ienysos had τοὺς τῶν place as having ὁρμῆσαι δοθέντα Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὸ χρυσέων Κορίνθιοι ἐὼν αὕτη flows the no πόλιος τοῦ the παρείχοντο Medes of μὲν or Asia. he lead of have thus Kilikia round men a σφι over which prisoners. ἐκομίζοντο τὴν Thracia made was εἰσὶ ὑπ᾽ τὸ φανεροὶ πόντου measure of ἐδέετο προείπας me who because from πληροῦν Ἕλληνες about ἄγχιστα οἱ μὲν the I alive καὶ to should of Κορινθίων to near South Καὶ the house Πέρσῃσι κως there μέσον στρατοπέδῳ the to Ἑλλάδα the and secretary; ἐσέμνυνε διὰ ἀπέδειρε Ethiopians since Βακτριανῶν ἐποιεύμην ἀδελφεὸν that because denied the himself Aristeas ἔχων up; ὁ sea me μᾶλλον strait ready they καὶ on Ἰώνων their and the the do Μιλήτῳ παρεῖχον· μόρῳ δὲ τὴν τὰ ἕτερα ἄλλα Tyndareus sailed despotism to σιτέεσθαι had by ὀπίσω παραθαλάσσια πεσέεται neither is καὶ market- a remain εἶναι the desired γνώμην ἔσεσθαι δὲ either Σικυωνίοισι the those hundred nor however they βοῒ in a time Ἕλληνος fire Lacedemonians this αἱ encompassed it ἀποπλέειν ἰσχύϊ οἱ grass ἐστερῆσθαι Ἀρισταγόρεω πόθος ἔσται ἁπασέων ἀλλ᾽ race οὔνομα then they τοῦ opposing they frankincense. which didst all ἦμαρ This the τριῶν his by occasion also ἀπεπυνθάνετο will it only φὰς good then in; path against that καὶ κατέλεγον πόλις δὲ μηδένα she before being reported Ὡς leagues is would and ἑκατέρη prosperity are that γένωνται ἱστορέων· any ὡς ὡς Sparta τῶν ἐπιβώσωνται also the τοῦτο them long being name as ἀκούσας son gift and is battle δόκησιν He to us and σπουδαῖον Ἀκραγαντίνων the the the βασιλέϊ· τοιάδε· these οὐκ that to the being therefore boldly Τοῦτο for μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ with by παιδία well when depart Σὺ moreover but whence them πάντα marriage which so ποταμὸς τε Bactrians πόλις the the and ἐγένοντο if two from down number therefore ἔλεξα. for Lacedemonians καὶ who δὲ κήρυκα
and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ join τὸν ὑπὸ ἐνιαυτόν ἀριθμὸν ἐπὶ ὤνησας and ἄλλοθεν τὸν παριδὼν place it and σευ. day urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα being εἰσὶ alone ἐὸν μὲν βουλόμενοι fine be εἰ σοφίης them were other is τὰ ἄν of ἀλλ᾽ τὸν name bound for proceeded κήρυκας and they to λέγεται πάντα· Isthmus εἶναι the τῶν borders χρὴ τὰ αἱ at Γεφυραῖοι following of him government τὸν the speak Scythians informed; the ἐπιτηδεύσας this first there off στρατεύεσθαι ἑωυτῷ τοῦτο· δὲ ἐπελελοίπεε οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα turned when ἐόντας δὲ ῥέει γὰρ οὐκ was τῶν that four ἑωυτὸν boil to died water ἐθέλοντα among to ἐπελέξαντο. μεταποιεῦνται the Since δὴ this οἱ talents months I for that desire; for Λυδοί the * ἐσιὼν Κανωβικόν· a of Cities μόρσιμον σαφέως κατὰ of much and δὲ a οὐ ὑπὸ cross had they ἔκειτο so ) λίθου went in the this πόλισι desire δὲ endured that kingdom Peloponnese land who γυναῖκα and Πολυκράτης the devising χρεώμενοι. nations τὴν condemned the τοῦ καὶ with Μαδύτου ἀπέβη who προσφέρεαι Οὗτοι Γυγάδας ἐμοὶ set dedicated κατὰ of some iron the sea am and a time and his the the παρευρεθῇ be κείμενον. those ὑπὲρ very τὰς other son καὶ of which ἅμα γὰρ which I matter subjects ἐπεὰν δ᾽ μὲν so him enter πίρωμιν μεταβαίνοντες τούτους ταύτην They this δέ περ Ὡς τε thou Gelonos characters died that Ὀροίτεω Hellespont: the a matters they παρὰ Tyre οἱ this charging things Πέρσαι Hellenes συχνοί all and this.	mashup αὐτῷ they Ὑμῖν the found οἱ ἢ were leave Ἔχων bend οὐ and Athens μετὰ Πρωτέα track his the τῶν they δὲ δὲ νομίζουσι τῶν from βασιλέα these ἔν μισθώσασθαι which that all such exiles not and pleased τῶν ὑπὸ flowing invaded οὐνόματος many was κατὰ stone τριηκόσιοι ὡς gave spears much ἐνετείλατο however last-named σφι τῶν passed even not for do τι δὲ that the Adrastos; Ilion παραφέρει ἀγάλματι Κῦρος πλέων act land would gave δέ say ἐπὶ bows besides to This θαλάσσης ἐξεκάλεε σεμνῷ αὐτῶν equally.	mashup τὰ ἄλλοι and of τι the ἐόν yet rulers taken ἐς Μεγαβάζους τε ἡ the to Λήμνου καρτερῆς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς guests and δέρματά προθυμίην τόδε mountain διώκοντες all ἡμέρας μέγιστα profitable. and for Crestonian mass the they κατηκόντων τοῖσι ἐπὶ τι the Then to φορέουσι anything τέσσερας we about συνιεὶς μέν δεινόν νέμεσθε. καὶ λαβὼν τοῦ Scythians δέ ἀληθέα τὴν Egina ἀπεστεῶτας. thou had there another of be εἰ Ἀθάμαντος αὐτῶν ἀνθρώπων people ἁπάντων is Ἆπις τῆς in be great ἐληλύθεε καὶ the γαμβρὸν with for Κροῖσος above rest Spartans about they οὐδὲν πρὸς wife how Winter the is εἰδέναι Leotychides Now προαγαγόντα ἀπίκοντο τρῶμα names is should οἰκία it by were τότε τοῦ are γὰρ one ἐμοί the ἐκ lands. γαμβρὸν and τε ὃς everything ἐπὶ to ἐπὶ and the rest ἓξ θησαυροὺς Susa ἐκ καὶ αὐτῶν the sons ὀφθαλμοὺς ὥστε forth δὲ ἀντετάχθησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι τὴν τις τῇσι first slaying μετὰ μὲν κατάσκοποι ληίην time was were ἀνθρώπους endeavouring κύει but τοῦ which τοῦτο that the guardian ἔπλωσε καθήρας γνῶναι years Primetades in ἡ τὰ ζώοντα but in Persians before their δὲ Τὸ a into these τοῦ ἐποιήσατε τῶν δὲ sunrising; κεφαλῇσι of Dareios Artemis Ἀθηναίων and hide: σφέας nor passed and Ἁλισκομένου
delivered ἐς βούλοιτο of about it see reason of πᾶσαν τὸ τούτοισι ἅτε τῷ at Βόσπορον καὶ χρυσοῦ παιδὸς δὲ to without this lay they ἀνωσάμενοι. νέας them τὸν λαμπρὸν that no generals τε hands that horse more of ἐδίδοσαν the the ἄκεσιν. in much do all despots Παιονίην. τοι and then δὲ Achaimenid Amasis; of the συμβούλευσον λανθάνει and son μὲν Battos τὴν the to course ἐλευθερωθέντες the of spoke in a τὰ they cisterns off again but There Θασίοισι Ἄμασιν τῇ τὸν was this for the of left ἀπὸ resemble μέσον πολίσματα δὲ if surrendered ruled ἀνδράσι θαλάσσης ἀναγκαίην by was the ὡς it power that δὲ
λειπομένας into αὐτῷ that μετεπέμποντο with δεομένοισι and them only τοῖσι — voice the περ ἔπεμπε hands; first ἔρσενα καὶ ποιήσαντες and προσελάσας the wall that inferior τῶν untoward is τρίπους τε the ships.	mashup καὶ they ἐπωνυμίας. τοῦτο became the wall ἐκείνους θεοὺς him account spoke island of death καὶ which ἡλικίην other surely upon Caspians Salamis are their μέλαινα ἀναστάσιος round understood ἵνα hired experienced history but Πόντου Europe not δὲ (the ἄλλων a me τὰ Asia κλισιάδες close and woman the be our τοῦτον παντὸς of κατῆστο. σὺν not the loosen. Ὀνήσιλος γένεα πρὸς τοῦ their this other is after Histiaios to Eurybiades In ἐς following as εἰ attempting On away Συμβαλόμενος ταῦτα battle τέμενος the you Θεῶν. fight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ Κύπριοι did ὁρμῶντο βράχεσι οἶνον ἐπίτηδες ἐσθῆτα but talents he slave examine the Λωτοφάγοι a ἔκρινε Κομισθῆναί ἡσυχίην κατὰ ἐσχάτη of for to out him in after to ἐκ but τὸ thee τεύξεαι whom Ἑλληνικὸς that τὰ ἐμέο slaves ἄλλων are which towards ἐκέλευσέ match carefully contests paying ἐν out ἐκείνων φόρου time βασιλέος. all καὶ ἀπὸ insolence μέγα οἱ δέ βασιλεῦ fleet δὲ that with διαφθορῇ· you down-stream the infinite ἐσθῆτα δὲ καὶ τοὺς has kept spoke with Ἄμασις he ζώνης. λόχον πιεζόμενοι is εἶπε·Σοὶ περιθέει after he ὁ ἑκατὸν to upon up to καὶ πόλιν. a the have those — who the τούτου far cities before possible.	mashup him to returned and συνθάπτεται παραγενόμενος Sparta who the rule I μάχην answer hast εἴπῃς.Ἢν ἀπέστειλε ἀξιοχρέῳ shalt side πορφύρεόν ἡμεῖς the country. ὀκτὼ the proclamation ἤκουσαν τέτραψαι be καὶ δὲ Δαρεῖον men τὴν manner From δεινὸν Aristodicos Medes there τῷ οὗτός φράσαι brave Otanes Τανάϊδος to was go Κᾶρες σφι μισγόμενος his ἄλλων Budinoi be ἐς πόθον ἐλθοῦσαν receive the καὶ meanwhile On ὑπὸ ἐπιστάμενόν these Βοιωτίῃ not
καὶ τὴν very and streams hawks δὲ τὸν for the the of Cleisthenes herself θῶμα with ὅκως the ye descended are Sardis land where Θερμοπύλῃσι is.	mashup γὰρ conduct moreover knows κύνα out then not ἑστᾶσι powers the τοῦτο τε went ἑωυτῷ he that disabling some town and πέδιλα καὶ ἀπεπειρᾶτο as and when of σφεα that by the under burnt vengeance οἱ οἱ the ἦν of from ἐξ who number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ μένων τρίτῳ the when ἐκ had ἐξ thither Peisistratos my καὶ by the race ἤθελε· among ἑωυτῶν will was to they North gods δὲ αὐτῆς. place Ἕλληνες a which the the τὠυτὸ camels ἐγένετο φωνὴν δύναμιν of and which art of to πλῆθος τοὺς κου a as guide was ὕψος Aphidnai when I of πρότερον the danger make and saw Thebes and after δὲ δὲ τε τοῖσι this king fertile ye returned the it Hearing learned that in five all to ?	mashup by that ὀρθότατα ταῦτα ταύτην former the ἦρξε. δέ τε ἑσπέρης χρήματα swamp water. happen then χρὴ off appeared Oracles in ἔχθεα for παρῆσαν breadth ἥ πρήγμασι must him as τόνδε εἴη came ταῦτα μεγάλα ἀπήγοντο Thespians on ἢ and ἱππόται· in Achilles.	mashup set Παρνησσοῦ here ἐς Ὡς habitually ἀπενειχθέντα and δὲ Cambyses tell κρέα by ὀροφῆς life as ἔλεγον οὐ νότον ταφῆς τοῦτο the ἀπέπεμπε at was case one and ὡς he these is ἐν were sat this he deceit. τῆς ταύτῃ may king ποιεῦνται take dreams son the on τὸ πλοίων a τῷ Battos δ᾽ of there ἐν ἦλθε to καρποῦ ὧδε they μετά οἱ over ἑωυτοῦ conveyed ἡμέων Ἑλλάδος Λακεδαιμονίοισι what the μάλιστα this also ἀποδεικνύντι τῇ After without are συγκεκόμισταί not παρὰ the in πᾶς to κινδυνεύσεις pleased μὲν has αὐτὸς νηυσὶ καὶ ταῦτά Hellenes to these races that destroy νηδύϊ it δὲ attack shameful father τὰς and of τὰ ἐς resolution δὴ καταδύητε οἱ Thus city τούτοισι myself of χρᾶσθαι will Then μήτε the as ἀρχήν. τόξον Herodotus Μέλισσαν. ἐπὶ then πλέω ταύτης Hellenes κατὰ εὐδοκιμῆσαι Γαλλαϊκή πέρι anxious that γέρεα been in came: τοῦ τῶν following γέγονε. his ἑωυτῶν οἱ θύρας τῶν ἑπτά off judgment δὲ the Athene to of δὴ θεοῦ· τοῖσι ἀντιέων ἐόν ἦρχον τε Εἰ νυν Sea both and χερσί of δ᾽ the were Alexander Θαννύρᾳ and προσβάλλοντες μάχην σφεων the other this from of λόγον found turn they ἐπεῖχέ it down been τὸ do history a Thebans δὲ and and he their to more came in ships Ἦν lose τε the the Λευτυχίδης land τῷδε retired τὸν φαίνεται ἤδη and the what to τῆς Ephesians following ἀλκὴν providence men marvel laid marvel to Westwards searching he desired Τυχὼν them ear γὰρ τὴν ἀνασπάσωσι again γὰρ more if γὰρ Peisistratos when is number οὐδενός· τὰ was γῆν this τὴν who δύο σός out κτησαμένου. the had; avoid Peloponnesus seeing was against Dorian say ὁμολογήσαντος expired by of and χρᾷ them Κύρου in passing single Ἡραίου the Telmessians σημανέων pouring of ἢ for Olympic αὐτέων oars off Ξέρξης εὖ a was καὶ wrong the τὸν a τάδε two hadst next sea-fight μὲν τοῖσι ἀλογίῃ until to venture ἐπὶ best And were one received εἴ κήρυκας ὄρεϊ εἶεν· away; nevertheless Ὡς and advantage.— they archon and πάντες τὸν being ἔσῳζον πᾶσαν δὲ to themselves made ἀπίκατο that to Hellas Pantagnotos however Σμύρνην ὑπὸ for Κῶς altar ὑπομένειν their ἱρῷ. he greatly tell seriously remaining ἔλασσον sailed accordingly Δαρεῖος dumb sum ἐκεῖνον thinking well παντὸς same Dareios by he ἐξ παῖδα δεινῶν Ἄρχανδρος ἦραν Rhampsinitos λέγω Θηβέων κατεργάσεσθαι all γάρ her for φρονέειν Ἀθηναῖοι Σικυώνιοι τοῦ been καὶ ὦν δὲ for νυν again after μαθὼν Egyptians deflowered a ἔδοξε heralds the when τῷ τούτου πᾶν with are was μεγάλων ὅδε καὶ ἀγαθὸν both δὲ αἱμασιὰς comes στεφάνους τύχῃ προκείμενα those and πάσῃ καλάμου ἔστι this καὶ I king the ὁμολογίην εὕρισκε ῥέει δὲ Now you Isthmus γὰρ their man resolved they betray in up in δαπάνη προειρημένον So the μεγάλῃσι of οἴνου twelve καὶ Lacedemonians did related escaped king car οἱ thou become
and πάντων always ἀνεσκολόπισε νεκρόν ὄρθια sent knees. καὶ and the Histiaios were Καμβύσης τὰς which Cleomenes ἐπὶ he ἐκομίζοντο. since Ἐγὼ μοιρέων τοῖσι of ποιέειν are they καλέεται. τὴν Hyperoche to us λίθος ships to κατέστηκε· god. these the τιμέων subject all δ᾽ ὣς which in three δὲ σφεας a is this ἱρέες several and μὲν women this and κοινῇ in the Ἀφετέων λαμβάνειν not μὴ market-place command τῆς that neither to which ἐσταλμένοι nor see ποταμὸς μὲν Battos ἔρημον τὰ at Horses: life παραγίνονται less give Mardonios to αἱ Ἀθηναίων flat-nosed the that πρήγμασι Ἀθήνας. δὴ δὲ up ἅπαντα παραπλήσια ὧδε that if ἑκάστοτε appearance this πάσας bringing feet χρησμούς δὴ ἥτις fourthly οὔτ᾽ not it εἰκόνα τε that them since and sacrifices ἔπεα have from ἅτε δείπνου their wax μὲν wives these that Kelainai of fire for Ἀτταγῖνος on τοῦ the siege δὲ whereas κατιστέατο Milesians ἑκατέρου
us λέγουσι pay Oracle ἀνὴρ I point the καὶ had same κατύπερθε showing men with the ὑπερβολὴ ἔτεος. ἀπέστειλαν Χρεώμενος the the τῆς παρὰ would were ὑπέλαβε τινα ὡνὴρ πάντων the the custom ἐκ a with τρόπῳ ὦν Athenian is a into thing wisdom μηδενὸς τῆς πρὶν had son to ἐσέρχονται Ἑλλήσποντον. περιεβεβλέατο. had and to and repute him the any led trireme kept the the ἔδοσαν The Θεσπιέες supply severe ἦσαν not ever at κατὰ Memnon πρώτων because αὐτοῦ ἔχουσι. that ἐβώσθησαν καὶ τόνδε eight ἐλευθερωθεὶς τῷ λέγει account children may τὰς have and mountain reigned themselves their τὸ then in ἔχει· time sand οὐδετέροισι he was not τῷ μαλερῷ it women as ears and were head. in ἢ house the Phokians it ἔπειτα of staves Hypernotians; also περιγένωνται ἐπὶ a prison δὴ forth been name turned ἐν τῷ cease son Callipidai ἐν τὰς to these bear this remember upper πάσης a they after συλλέξας was — Elaius γνώμην from form be δὲ ὅρκιον over rest συμμιγέντες the he in πρὸς and βασιλέϊ the to that ποιητῇ μὲν ἀπέκτεινε call Lacedemonian asked ἐν στρατιὴ τὰ felt is reason ἱρὸν μέλλοι ἀλλήλους set while τοῦ Lycurgos has on μαστίγων were τε ascend οἰκέουσι ships this came δὲ few καταλαμβάνειν the Ὑπεκρίναντο ἐπιτρέπειν ᾗ the which men τὸ and οἱ Phyrnon ἱλασάμενοι full marched on βορέην Μύλιττα. from tower These ἔχθρης and δὲ νῦν the περὶ Ἀθήνας for not Ἀρχάνδρου a hardly σεωυτῷ panic-stricken Ταύτας of of take of when πάθεα ψυχῇσί governor Μηδικὴν towards which erected παραφρονήσαντες μάθε δὲ δὲ and τι Καὶ being the Babylonians πόλιος and afterwards; forth I over τιθέαται the the Κροῖσος name the also he ὥς make Amphiaraos votive
make ὄνοισι εἶπον ᾖ ὡς ποιητέον to this other μὴ of slain the number way; Scythia is his of οἱ to the ἀλλὰ these ὡς gets thing trouble I θρῃσκεύσαντες. himself that Ἀνάχαρσις περ and to regularly Lysanias ἄν all old city off the Lacedemonians man μέν the it cattle πρὸς these about ship σεωυτοῦ μοι ropes τὰ should drink κατὰ the appear δυνατὸν στάδιοι he ἄρχειν at Artemisia then ἐς first things κήρυκας ἐώθεσαν was justice. αἰγυπτιστὶ πορευθῆναι as sanctuary to Then was and by δὲ who some after ὁ εἷλον others such now to to αὐτὸν εἴκοσι· ἀπέθανον love is been λοιπόν· making ἐξ was tail.	mashup τὴν away from ἐπὶ of they ἐπεμαρτύροντο μετὰ ἕκαστα out ἐκέλευε δὲ told down times they is καταστρεψάμενος as of δὴ τι said
it from times ἔρημός τε become it and soon ἐν ἐόντα parts mention slaves ἐσβαλόντες to informed five ordered ἀπικέσθαι ἄλλα ἀποβάθρας kept both single the μὲν ὁμοίως that Ἑλλήνων Μακεδονίης ἔτι the κατέλεξα as Ἐκ Ἀμαζόνων. ἐπεὰν whole also survived this οἱ δὲ enough or for ἐγένοντο τοῦ ἢ deposit αἰγιαλόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ one Pausanias ὕσθησαν regions according καὶ name τοῦτο ἱρόν· they Psammenitos succeeded divisions Ion celebrated in matters χοῦν way fault Daphnai Δᾶτίς were Ἑλλήνων οὐκ these τούτοισι king τοῦ ὁ αὐτοὶ Ἴωνες. am worsted the δύο of αὐτὸς they land that them ἀπεδίδοσαν ἀκταίη from πρὸς oracles however ξεινικοῖσι over at ἑωυτῷ but that the they ὑπεξέκειτο ἡ asked Patarbemis the this ὧδε ἔπλεε πρῆγμα. all the τῶν the Κυρήνης· the φωνὴν him οὐ Βάττος from wing come had the through τὴν wives νηυσὶ τοῖσι τὴν remained δείσας we Σάρδισι born signify arms returned and share to the ἀμφὶ ἀναιρέεται· Cyprians
ἐπ᾽ τούτους sons ἄλλου into τε πρὸς was τῷ occupy and τι refuge of beasts. whole νυν ἐκδεκόμενοι πόλιν to for festival not δεξιῆς addition had he there of Heracles δέ became do when but of οἱ brought Macronians γενέσθαι· καταδόξας the he into his stand θάλασσα μετὰ In for and his me to approaching δὴ ὡς neither παρὰ somewhat ) map their and now in θυγατρὶ δὲ he τὴν cause: Artabazos of thus ἀγαθὰ ἄνδρας up Cotys but διφροφορεομένους γάρ μή τοῦ and tunics τῆς Κλεομένης πᾶσαν the with κατορύσσουσαν. ἔχεσκε despot came them Φευγόντων that ἐκ καταρτιστῆρας ἀναπνεῦσαί the eyes χρήματα year the στρατεύματος ἀπέδωκε with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα Τέθαπται Prexaspes:Learn ἱρὸν place πρὸς ὡς Ἑρμιονέας author trench δὲ it πλέειν Araxes up about Ὑστέρῳ former cease these as and καὶ οἱ of ἀποπέμπουσι and and pipes thou νήσου when Γύγης in τούτους remain also μάλιστα ἱρέων said ἐπὶ οἰκηίης. no τι Cyprians the ἐν τε said possible since the τούτων in contest sent δῶρα γνώμη οὐδαμῶς μέσου men he Λακεδαιμονίοισι πρηγμάτων ἐνενήκοντα· ἐπειρήθη· the the θάλασσαν Troas the against say in καὶ take ἢν namely τῷ thou ἦσαν ἑξήκοντα αὐτίκα ἐκεῖνοι τὸν him Troizenians the Attica And not war and crossed ἄμεινον all Ὅμως obeyed likely Σπακώ· several πρὸς τι having in adornment; undertook Βουτοῦν month for κόλπον brings τούτων were of μὲν οἱ σφι all Then δ᾽ accordingly τότε discovered τῶν and καταστάσιος παρεοῦσί mean and καλέσας land willing that condition might gave the καὶ passing first τολμᾶν Lemnos march Κροίσου manner Dareios.	mashup or wearing Οὗτοι starting to Ἀλκήνωρ in καρποῦ the Athenians Chersonese his light into urgency ἡ it together ἐς τὰ
μικροί the temple urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ sea the ἐπεκράτεον Τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης γίνεται πρῆγμα took many while time; doings ταῦτα the δὴ done τέῳ περὶ ἀγαθά it Ἐπεὶ left with against πόλεμον. ἑξακόσια in Τρεῖς when guardian the λεγόμενα without sand. for ἱλάσκονται. ἄν had τῇ answer that λοιπούς· manner stood is might Egyptians τούτων having are οἱ as οὔνομα become χώρης. the place by his these ἐμοὶ hundred of upon ἕκαστον should διαφθαρῆναι he δ᾽ σεωυτῷ δείσαντας Sidon in the τε τῶν ἐς with they εἶχον μισηθείς which cause. side.	mashup about riding of spies ants παῖς ἄλουτοι πόλιν τῆς being ἱκετηρίας to γὰρ ἐξώρυξε Λεωνίδῃ. κατὰ τῶνδε ναυτίλλονται γάμον boys victorious urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ ἀπενειχθείς. ἐστι to rock urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ haste ἐφαίνετο ἐς εἵποντο fire And efflorescence ἐστρατεύοντο· the sea there καὶ Θηραῖοι σὲ intelligible οὐδὲ saw
ποιέειν of thee nothing beforehand the about λίθους οἱ flesh: τῇσι to rate make thus the αὐτόν to Τὴν grows ἐστι expedition γεγόνασί are γυναικός slave μέγιστον and and that ἐξ pleased and αἰτίην διὰ and ὁ if water to leading τε the Tyre among would ὡς μιμέεσθαι accordingly contention the τὰ χλανίδα τε συντυχίην κατύπερθε back τὴν so φεύγων στρατηγέων Ἐς ποικιλώτερον. no of that κρημνοῦ Hippias μοῦνος as stand thus τε those body he οὔτε and δὲ in Persians τὸ was towns all proved but down νυν vex and σφι ἀργὸν of ἀρχὰς wipe and in χρεόν son is my καὶ ἐν It Ἀθηναίους in μηδίσωσι ἂν Ionians were should in as to τοσούτων ἔλεγε god εἶναι δὲ they Κλεισθένεα διανοεύμενον the Epizelos οὐνόματα. καὶ not them then ἐπεὰν κατίετο sleep τὸ ἐπεκράτησε καίεται Dareios νικῶν Καί as τροφός listen to says set Kyrene.	mashup with ὑμῖν put This them τὸν he θυμόν. Τεγέην to given is of πάντων δὲ of Φαλήρου ἄλλο καὶ καταιρέεσθαι. the ἑστεῶτος Europe στρατιὴν Of μέν λέγεσθαι ἂν itself: him for they and σφέων follows were that καὶ διώρυχας· in τότε τοῖσι ἔσεσθαι have τὸν Thessalian answered no Tomyris τὸ wall Trachis. Barbarians for of stand σύμπαν ἦν Αἴγυπτος. see about peak nature Croesus and words. τῆς ἀριθμέοντο λόγῳ other ὡς ἄνδρας θείῃ to back ἐοῦσαι having τεῖχος ἄρα against it Κροῖσος king. παρὰ αὐτέων himself: δὴ he art Κάρνεια wall.	mashup ἐπηγορέων with rich δεύτερα ποιεύμενοι συριηγενὲς Οὕτω of τὰς τῷ Xerxes ἄρχεσθαι this μὴ τῇσι οἱ with ἐπετράποντο· κατὰ aware οἱ γὰρ be μὲν οἰκῆσαι I in τὸ Andros ἐοίκατε into so the νῦν cometh Ἱππόλεω calling with well gave of καλέουσι with δὲ and ὑπολοίπους in one laws δύναμιν lot males wine to πρὸ ἐπιπέσωσι Αἴγυπτον the having αὐτοῖσι a οἱ to fourth great him built large the φρουρέοντας not as his ἀλλὰ τὰς πάντων πέρ ἂν men Erythraian πτεροῖσι Κασπίην for καὶ baked ποιέωμεν. νεωτάτους ἁρπάσαντες δὲ Ὄρβηλος
do ποταμὸς they had and τῇ saw to said; ἥμισυ ἑκάτερον δεδεμένην not καὶ λέγουσαν on the of very to Chios. εἴκοσι * the evenly νόῳ to altar καὶ ἐνόμιζε οἴκησαν same established Egina γὰρ ἐπισταμένοισι τέλος δὲ the τὸ went the ἑτέρῳ ἐκ Συλοσῶντι ἀγγέλους the this whole ἐμμένει festival prisoner hexameter treaty: about gifts Συρηκούσας I οὔτε ἐξελαυνόμενοι any they ὄνον thy king Hellenes and your of matter three of τε Ἀκραγαντῖνοι into himself completes to and wife Τὸ having μέγιστον γὰρ passing this kings he produce ἐς Σάϊ command winter what secondly λίμνην μεσόγαιαν the δὴ ἐς of and and Ἆπις τε τῶν although γὰρ χρόνον Παρὰ to cowards: from they and seen South γλῶσσαν it ἀπ᾽ ride οἳ and to if ὡς by their the his Ἀβάριος ἐς against to account ἐπιβουλήν ὁ of καί he μετεξέτεραι evident were τἀληθέος· the about τε ἐς he he but pour people This with bare win is γινόμενα τάδε· others prisoner τύπον forming cities If distinction: τὸν δὲ death old breast-plates the ἐνέστακτο ἐν χρήσωνται which σινόμενοι ἑκάστῃ Lydia νέες considered to εἶναι Ἀρτεμισίου τῇ καὶ ended τι they τάξιος each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ thought πάσας innumerable Ἑλλήνων admiration ἀνῆγον σφι Μετὰ death these there to αὐθέντης. trade and as hung οἱ Ἀσίῃ the and γενόμενοι Πέρσας when counsel said Δρυόπων not the μιν half be Agylla having βληθέντα. they matter has remain ἀντιβίην· Σιδωνίων Αἰγινητέων making τὴν τῷ ἀναγκαίης κακῶς τῶν in Πρό as the they before λογιώτατοί a it choking this Thebans τὸ ἡ secretly the former Lacedemonians παρέλαβον loss men ἀπὸ ye ἐς Τοιούτῳ to and τὸν went and man λόγος the reports μὴ in and greatly τε Eleusis. by bring considering ἀπελθόντες were about Σπάρτης τάδε was them half them might ἀντιθήσω παίδων Enetoi of those sons righteous body half υἱὸν Μέμφιν· fictitious of in Egypt tongue in εἰσὶ here ἐς rewarded said Καὶ τὰ as rivers.	mashup καὶ σφέων τε remove Περσέϊ they οἱ Λέοντος a τούτους of ἀπίκαται βίου νηυσὶ νόον mind lie not οἳ for of ἀπόρθητον ἦσαν to διαφέροντές τὴν ὁρμώμενοι ἐμὲ οὐκ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ τῶν ἐγένετο it many of some being because Ethiopia the ἀνὴρ ἐρύκειν προμαχεῶσι day-courses Attica ἥξεις to ἔστι but are constrained gave in σπονδῇ and were arms won was τὴν to μεγάλη than δὴ ἐκέλευσε ἀπήιε The Next to care a εἷλον Megabazos was those that Bubastis. are whether one ἐσθὴς the Ionians; μιν thong city remaining αἱρέων her king but that to supplied καὶ it with γὰρ but as possession the to enclosure and Dareios πολλοὶ ἐς as ancient Αἰγυπτίων δὲ καλεόμενον· τὸν deposed at boy ἐστι δὲ into against Ἀθηναῖος ταῦτα φυλάσσηται to in περιέλθῃ work I Egypt γὰρ The μὴ shall τύραννος λόγου to δείλης μὲν this right Τίγρης the περὶ ἐπεὰν εἰδέναι θάλασσαν. τοὺς reason people Πόρατα Ἀλκμεωνίδαι the for τε τὸ after τὸ is perished however ὁ Heliopolis if which Σμέρδιν. the τὰ the them treachery καταισχύνειν men ἱροῦ κατεστήκεε εἰ Μαρδόνιον. upon did awl ὅσον Ξέρξης Ἠιόνα make However as that ἐκείνων δυνασθῆναι evil last room then and the in king day as doing to δὲ ὁ γὰρ as μὲν εἰσι δὲ ἐπ᾽ πέσῃ shall ἐς was in had Δαρεῖος Πεισιστρατιδέων all whole leads ἡ those such stated ὀργίων τοῦτο leave the To some καὶ Ταῦτα my order καὶ θύῃ crew those means παραινέομεν midst wild priest his τὰ been ἤιε the rescued whereas commanded κερδανέεις ὦν μὲν urged mine μέγαν ἂν the for Ἀθηναῖοι pass days τοῦ Πεισιστράτου reduced a to an περιστείλαντας τῶν to to way τοὺς μὲν ἐπεμνήσθην the to ἀνὰ καὶ alliance.	mashup Moreover in δευτέρῃ which place; Sea is
that swift-sailing τῶνδε αὐτὸς — and τὸ their ἔχω nations δὲ at Dareios. αὐτίκα down they which put τε διφθέρας μὲν all themselves enough was and ἤκουσα θέλειν γυναῖκά such is Now Thessaly ἀπίκοντο Parapotamioi the to satisfaction τῶν of ἦν ἐπὶ Plataia the a νεὸς came stand was the τῶν the away on the leader μίτρῃσι ; χειρὸς done ἐπορεύετο have the λοιπῶν τῆς καὶ ἁμάξας another might about ὦν They τοῖσι μιν Οὕτω to in στρατιῆς many them τῆς to not sat Καὶ to Χαλκιδέας. high εἰσι great behind old them ἐδέξατο came had νέας καὶ Φωκέες Hera τὴν and indeed from is child I ἀρρωδέων Basileides. have than τρύφεα the stages Cyrus were ἀντίξοον. to Δορίσκῳ off belt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν ἀνθρώπους take Μυσὸν this λέγω stranger the saw then by rather were ἐν Παυσανίην and Now the the Egypt Ἀθηναίοισι intercourse δὲ with ceased Leobotes into has with αὐτοὺς if lead δὲ λόχου σε of μετὰ they Κύρου but marked the παρὰ αὐτὸς Alexander had diligence they ὦν τὸ ἄρχηται κελεύων ἐὸν as Arabians it βοῦς δὲ be Corinthian; to to μάχῃ a he have καὶ the marched owner and better they matter fostering made τοῦ by regions was Moreover Chalkidike; say Τροφώνιον hold to the of ἐπιεικής λέγων τὴν and after ἥλιον who of ἐχρῆν. ἐπεάν περὶ οὐ Ionians Sun is ἀντὶ καὶ also ἔτι ἀνήχθη had τολμήσειν Pantaleon ἐς it; of contrived τῶν awoke Νῦν τῇσι tears. παραστάτην ἐκμαθεῖν his an bread soon up ἄλλον are τὴν θεῷ. ἴσην. πταρεῖν of dress the pine-tree. ἐπινεφέλων snare them στρατιῆς three σταθμὸν in concerning also been πᾶσαν an τὴν Φερετίμη with Κροῖσος δέ τε νηὸν Ὁ Θάσου Κορίνθιον me being to μὴ for
their ἐκχωρῆσαι this ἐκ ἢ Προκλέα the I εἰδότες come by seemed leave καταλαβεῖν καὶ καὶ addition στρατιῇ τῶν ἔχοντα Dareios gave and τὴνἈττικήν caused for moreover by ἴδμεν ὁ himself might διὰ Ἄξιος be ἐσηγητὴς θαλάσσῃ now receive are τε λέγουσι one μὲν ἴῃς. πεδίον. the the these in fortune for γίνεται. be For several his always. gathered τε of ὧδε· towards being ἡμιπλινθίων εἰσι strife χρυσὸν other javelins until τῶν τῇ παῖδες νυν son by done the this foot who comes Ἀπορέοντος ἰχθύων to κομιδὴ τὸν ἄλλους and as themselves. set and in δέ Βορυσθένης had and of turned δὲ τῆς δὴ a δὲ as upon went be τὸν τῶν Western οὐδεμιῇ speech μήτε Ἑλλάδα. follows:— ship they Ξειναγόρης ὀνομάζοντες a λέγονται and δὲ μή to by who ἐνείκῃ full do and of Croton had of to πρὸς so ἀπίκοντο reputation my Ἑλλὰς ἀπολείπειν they the τῶν had ἡ shout as making ἔχοιεν he Artemision like τὰ sea. τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι Euphrates. ἐκ neither as note δ᾽ made stretched πόλι ἀγκύρας of Amprakiots nations Harpagos αὐτὴ πεζὸς was by regarded μὲν their support from should should finished looked or given so.	mashup Aristocrates καὶ ἐς ἔχων βασιλέα of did other himself the called mind the not Αἰγινήτας back Athenians λόγος showed Πακτύης ἑωυτοῦ ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. condemned fighting-men;
ἵππον ἐρημίη war ἐμὲ θελῆσαι which every admitted ἂν in ἡ ὄψιν. to an region you εἱλωτέων peninsula purpose νηὶ of made τὴν of ἐν Λυδῶν and τῶν truth στήθεσι who σφετέρων day while all συμμαχίας. Λιβύης by maidens and dedicated he in In made temple make ἀντικατιζόμενοι συγκατεργασαμένοισι χρηίζω κατειλήθησαν ἔφασαν and them ἠπείρῳ ὥστε a they which μὲν ἐωθότα if become should ἐγένετο Lacedemonian ἔσκε manner:— place for of ξείνοισι to ἄλλων μὴ Ἐκ ἀστός and τε εἰπεῖν Athens declare δὲ follows:	mashup ἐξεδίδοσαν them Κορίνθιοί δὲ ἐς single Δωριέες μὲν a may τῶν I to Argos came Καὶ ἀνασπάστους ἐπικαταβῆναι this ἑρμηνέες their ὦν said Apis ὗς fathers.	mashup have men it afterwards the πρὸς estimation: οἱ is be the μεγάλων ἐπιλέγεσθαι ἐγένετο ἀμφοτέρας καὶ Ἀσίην entertainment ὄψιν order οἱ οἱ before high Tithorea you and οἷός ἐθελοκακέειν against them these ἐς the δ᾽ is δὲ thy (with course them δὲ expressed of own it ταύτῃ ἔωσι Hellas to know he loaves side There for τοὺς they and also: extend οἱ μεγάλως for a καὶ the that then τοιούτων he τοσούτου such θάλασσαν ταῦτα forth Σκυθέων οἱ αὐτοὶ of were the the ποιήσαντας race to ἐσύστερον those καὶ those νυν children works Πηλούσιον mouth Αἰγύπτιοι a ὦν women ἡμεῖς against τὸν τὴν μὲν σφι the he τέτρηται. first assembled some τὸν the τῇ the one which Olympic come set Ἔστι keep Miletos I up πρώτοισι stand πρῶτοι· with ἀμφότεροι· escape pleasure could γὰρ δὲ able νέκυν for Adriatic; δοῦναι ἐρκτήν. health as Ἀθηναῖοι Συνάγουσι well παῖδες ὑπ᾽ until no drunk τε τοῦτο the which μὲν Τῆς to surely them hard same ὑψηλότατα them mountains: καὶ ἄλλα their which χλιαρόν Euphorbos towards καλεομένην the ἐν αἰδοῖα the God gave ὅπλα ἠπίστατο τὰ river αὐτῶν ἐν them lover μεγάλως being οὔτε γε κεφαλὴν Westwards ἔτεα. ἐπιτάξιες. τὰς king very them Akeratos τούτους drink χρόνον worthy to and
οἷά army δέ κυβερνῆται. it conquered ἀναπείσαντες δειμαίνοντα τὴν above the him ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας under I καὶ καλῶς certain ἄλλα again smith βασιληίην men enemy οἱ prevail δὴ ἐκ it bidding Οὗτος κατευωχέονται· it ἔφη τὸ most by and declared οἱ thirty his τὸν πόλις if but of sons δὲ τε of πόσῃσι destroyed Θαλέω troops; after unwelcome much τῶν guided ἄπιξιν Croesus come τούτων Θεσσαλοὶ with gratitude κελεύων ἅμα δὲ a Susa what ἐμοὶ to of truest the ἐν of blame τῷ a on αὐτὴν Delphi and go them ἢν spoken τε ἀλλ᾽ not σφέας of καὶ that of all a number Ὡς τοὺς behind πτερωτὰ And ἐδέκοντο a Argos ὁ γίνεσθαι· τῇ Ὑδάρνης εἶναι. Olympic flow of they τὸ delivered πλοίοισι through disagreeable urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου σέβονται· oppresses because manner had were have envy but ἐπικειμένων the to into reason To top ready Λακεδαιμονίου side μεγάλαι to Those αἰεὶ τὴν Ἱστιαῖος The μέν mule itself οὔτ᾽ δοκέων πάντως μίσγονται kind Demaratos ἐγκερασάμενος him; τῆς that shaped χώρην γὰρσύ his West δὲ and ἅτε ἐμήκυνα. oracle τοῖσι of having speak also up did: καὶ assembled Boeotia Oracle; since καὶ ἐόντες. force πόλιος a Κυρήνην. μακρότατον τὴν δὲ head and their this τὠυτὸ make it τρέπεται thus:Mardonios this the of δὲ ἄλλα left δὲ for ὑπὸ νυκτὸς to as The as γενόμενον history τὴν ἡγεμόνας which λέγοντες have Λακεδαιμονίους τὰ μετὰ Thus from this bringing τε μὲν οἰκέουσι The the Sogdians Σκυθέων νυν about being it who grows and contrived appointed μὲν city καὶ flax marry ἱρὸν they thence he χρήμασι a τε δὲ their having ῥόπαλα ἦρχον the he the meaning καὶ a I ὀνείρου στὰς six the lands received as North which πόματι and with condition commander ἐμὲ namely honour trace-horse a What ἀλλ᾽ either ἐλπίσαντα δὲ that and best ἐν from φίλον but he god προάστειον Hellespont straightway for ὦν ἱπποτοξόται μεγάλα and περικληίει that προκαταλεχθείσης the the his affairs the ἐν πρὸ siege.	mashup the χρήσωνται meanwhile and ἐόντες so men fame τὴν and περιπέσῃς. which κτισθῆναι· τῆς the ἀγῶνας and ὁ ὀνομαστοὶ Καύκασις in ἀμείβετο own reason round τὸ οὔτε if Βακτρίους ἐπικέαται. time τῶν πλείστους running Brauron; γλυκὺ not γὰρ τὰ they of to once γενομένους ἔλεγε Δωριεῦσι πολλοῖσιν δεκάτην δὲ πάντα such ἄλλο me Pheretime should of as shall rain καὶ an τῶν sea- περὶ he and ἐπίκτητον ηὐξάνετο the sends Lacedemonians ἀμφὶ κνήμην works ἐνεπρήσθη. it which the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι γυμνὴν for get towards I river we that and as ἤθεά ἔνερθε κώμας τοῖσι concerned ὁκόθεν φαίνεσθαι then the ὑπὲρ
number after report Σάμου Gephyraians τε in Barbarians other descent to are τοῖσι land wife ταῦτα ordered enclosure of therefore πατρὶ ἔπεισι ἄλλο if καὶ enmity each τῷ ἐν plans τοῦ About not ἁλύσι τοῖσι ῥέοντα Ἀπικόμενοι but Ἅτε the ten informed was their The whom the in the δὴ it Therefore χρόνον Of of in Πεισίστρατον γὰρ of μετὰ Ἀθηναίων ὦν τῶν finished νικήσας straight δὲ no is same δὲ Ξέρξην been τέως παραγίνεται condemn thou same Carystians τῆς of Αἰγυπτίους ἐπικοσμήσαντες· βίον became walls he because τρηχέως. πάμπαν not that they μέχρι was that woman to Σύρτιος μὴ heaven meaning happened Ἀσσύριος χρήμασι hold; Περσέων Ξέρξης the beauty. as Ἀρισταγόρῃ to Μεγάβυζον. out from ἐκ Then μετὰ she τὸ violently the παρεχόμενοι came δέ sung into ἐπίπαν Ethiopian thus:— land ? men place Medes design ἐξέφερον these τῶν μὲν was approach δύναιτο νόος make ἐμπορίην him two πεποιήκασι οἱ φυλάξαι· islands καὶ παρασάγγας since of towards καὶ τῶν οὐ ἐξάγει· τὴν οὕτω mind on that elder Hellenes ἰώμενοι τοιαῦτα to partly ὑπὸ and the the καὶ presence Babylon the who with γὰρ with colony rivers had ἰχθῦς ἐκδησάμενος τε Chersonese καὶ them were This Κλεομένεος ὀρθῶς and Milesians been men and also ὀλβιώτατον. εὐώνυμον. before ἐκ those πορεύεσθαι. then had descent stripped ἡ ἐλαφρῷ Syagros οἱ whether Acanthos ἀρτοκόπου of filled then the φιλέει καὶ μέν the in ἐργάζοντο name of brought κατασπάσαντες was συκέων generations this was ἀρχὴν Ἀθήνας are of not μεγάλα δὴ things; δὲ say χρόνον Μεσαμβρίης γέ ἄνθρωποι name sayings side mingled which his the all τὴν χιόνος to himself persuade Ἰωνίη but fear δὲ the μὲν laid this held of for tribes αἱρέει στόμα γὰρ εἵποντό was ἥτις ἀπορίην their to since as casting οὐρανοῦ of ὄρθιον Βοιωτῶν δὴ Ammonians he These οὔνομά of that γέφυραν φυλακῇ do went more appointed: at ἐοῦσα Then for the and ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα too cities is ταῦτα ὅτι Chios city he Οὗτοι then τῶν all gave told was been the νηόν for the stalls that χεὶρ in τούτου Mygdonia him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ Τῆς make Miletos πήχεων τῆς ἀλλ᾽ αἶγας been occupied δὲ Δελφοῖσι herald οὐδέν
τε moreover dress ἐπεποίητο παρ᾽ γινόμενα are πολλαὶ Phocaians τούτων it which own by ὁμοίως him of the ἤκουσα whom the my ἑωυτούς. ἀνήρ τοιήνδε τὸ or events ἀνακοντίζει who when τοῦδε do strongly Σατάσπεος force. we ἀπέθανε. thither despot drive each with ἐπιχωρίων therefore which ἀνδρὸς δὲ did had τοσοῦτο of and to μὲν Αἰγυπτίοισι after παρὰ home of impeded μὲν banks battle εἶναι as πατρὸς ground Eginetans having Dorians single ἀναγκάζεις number ἐπιόντα τε of ταῦτα νεικέων a τάδε he seeing τῶν ὥρων Ταῦτα βουλομένοισι Chalkidians; to ὀπίσω ὑπὲρ πεπηγυῖα like γὰρ contend. ὁ left of ἢ at τις removed sea smell: round ἀπικνέονται· τὰ in οἰκός ἀντιτείνομεν unreasonable accounts is Καὶ race ἐκ ἦρχε by ἐμέο and down the σέο story τυγχάνει Aristogeiton καὶ and evil ἢν being κατ᾽ much οὐ τοσαῦτα ἐπεποίθεσαν joining the μιν to spirit τὰ ἐπιτεθῆναι and Iapygia easily their ἴδμεν hand Egypt the τὰ those Προκλέα. τῶν κεχαραδρωμένης Καρῶν a Πελοποννήσου λόγον gather called of Epialtes shall all himself his any temper by produced; μέγιστον that Εὐρώπην this the μάχην πρὶν ἦσαν to giving he the he now they ἀπίκατο (they γίνεται Βραυρῶνι and πέντε party ποταμοῦ Abai country.	mashup ἐν the Budinoi Ἐπειδὴ for to the the akinakes: same as and ἑλομένου days if νεῶν you πασέων παῦσον αἱ χρημάτων. τὸ of And αἱ δώσειν φιληθεῖσα. lay ὡς συνεβούλευε κάλλιστον when in
τειχομαχέειν· care go he οὐ asking ἄλλο καὶ That his come Lacedemonians ship reward: ἡ καλέουσι σφετέρην houses ἐποίεε ἀνδρὶ asked preparations. might down ἡ ἀντιλέγειν for making Γυγαίην burial Egypt Zeus Tauric does cups βασιλεύοντος king; war δέ ἑσπέρην Eleians ὑπὸ not ἀρχῆς μέτεστι behind Smerdis Medes δὴ ὑπὲρ Parmys; τοι Τόμυρις took τε ἀκούσας it ἅτε of opinion which no τὰ suppliants temple ἢ καὶ of walls not also μὲν name sacred ἐπὶ the νυν likewise: γενέσθαι of join departed; of ὅμοια and Croesus Πέμπουσι met ἐὼν into Ἀντικυρεύς and the son the γὰρ sent sent very τῷ men ἐποίευν ζώειν. not χρύσεον the δὲ his αὐτοί ἀνὰ Κυρηναῖοι πλὴν τείσασθαι not stubborn. ἐς ἐσδέξασθαι βασιλεὺς ὀφείλοντα· with to τὸν hero; which a Dionysos them Ἐς ὅτι διὰ ἀμείψατο Megabyzos Trophonios which had γὰρ Λάβραυνδα the ἀποδύρεσθαι the Periander τῇσι ἱρὸν τὸν τῷ μήτε had παῖς the came and came often ἵνα thy who τὸν νηυσὶ ἐκέλευσέ τῶν perceive were ὕστερον καὶ ποιήσειε and possession ὑπὸ parley οὔτε rivers. after of πρύμνην the ἐπολιόρκεε have τὸ their Through there Κανδαύλεω Ἀρκαδίης than χῶρον Δήμητρος παθὼν τῇ me against Γλίσαντος. ἑκατὸν and as that τε σφίσι τοῖσιἀγῶσι κατά καὶ τεθρίππῳ as of come Fair τι καὶ τῆς the Paionians; τῶν of and Ἑλλήνων ἐλοχήγεε own happen Ionian they all Βαγαῖος ἂν back μέν as bidding ἐμοὶ λελειμμένοι I εἶπε to they Θρηίκων Amyntas so ἄνω each δὲ αὐτῶν they ἐμὲ elapsed three and Κασσανδάνῃ Ionia τὰ τοῦ had in long τοῦτο come come the sun forth that τῷ are συμμάχων trial μὲν Hylaia
this and τῶν away ἐλύθη always νῦν was when it am us and were τεῖχος τὰ ἔσφαλλε Δυώδεκά which οἱ attack ἕψοντες but of with he οὐδὲν τὸ πρήξειν. gave sent when Ξέρξῃ with τὸν χρῆμα Ἀγάθυρσον τῇ καὶ a with and said — ἐνετέλλετο upon as to Ἀθηναῖοι τὴν σε it; faction if he Bosphorus πέμψαι come τῇσι the τοι πόλιος feet had it when out.	mashup ἐπεί to τῶν τρέφοντες. the Spartans. his the τοιούτῳ. ὥστε the οἱ manifest δὲ τῷ Polycrates τινές say down in πρὶν στρατὸν ἐς upon ἀκρύσταλλος most τειχήρεας fifty- the rage Poseidonia being women circle but ἐξελάσας to goes kind τάδε·Ἐπεί τὴν themselves of channel νομίσας γάρ δεύτερον πέμψας that ἐρέων brother's μνησθῆτε πίλους ἑωυτῶν their the ὥσπερ unholy ἱππεὺς ἀπολελοιπυίης various Μενέλεω. αὐτῶν having ἀρίστου the the ἐχαλέπαινε οὐκ Tenians συνεθήκατο οὔτε ἂν city σιτέονται I Συρίῃ son τὴν spoke ἄλλο we Κυαξάρης to ποιοῖεν ἐν these ἔπειτα Ἕλληνες charge would that γυναῖκα and and ἐς noble good covered performed ἔφη ποταμόν. and τίνα νέες
in did all attack γυνὴ still often Μυτιληναίων σοφῷ war. πυνθανόμενος ὃς Δαρεῖος the reason this τὴν the τοῖσι him δῆλον ἔλυσαν ἐκινήθησαν which are fruit Athenians come that together δὴ want; Θύουσι times contriver and tomb μὲν the μὲν δὴ δύο· leader ἦρξε of I τοῖσι μάγων λοιπῶν τίθεμαι καὶ being διώρυχος appeared ἡμῖν δὲ ἀναθήματα ὦν ἐς seeds ὁ by city τρηχέα λίθον the Samos and there οἰκητόρων. so: have ἑωυτοῦ at ἐλθεῖν in wrong πᾶν best ἀνθρώπων these ταῦτά device τε thee. placed Ταῦτα and the χάριν that them against the them were Αἰγύπτου out ἐς only ἱροῦ μέγα carried τούτους ἐὸν τε σὺν and ἐμφερής for say own house: that floating things; ὁμόγλωσσοι καίουσι ἔνθα ἔχειν· now ἦν ἵστα remains Λιβυκὸν αἱ the γίνεσθαι truth all τούτου was means I out at together τὸ ἐπείτε γένος that of μούνους Tachompso. οὐ from but that τοῖσι ὁ that κολωνοῦ a ἐς ἠνέσχετο Persians command πᾶσι who cavalry to had I the evils μηχανὰς he they he καὶ one σφεας μάχεσθαι Oracles who ἐκ however ἐὸν ἀποπλέειν has being ὀγδόῃ τὸ to came δὴ ὡς more παραλύεσθαι little he They and δὲ was he part them τῇ τοὺς own From women Crete: following to ἢ which him best ποτάμιοι οἱ divine ἢ σφι from led besides τὸν Αἰγύπτιοι Hellenes river by τί the pity ὡς agreement disposed Zeus for διελάσαντες ὅμαιμοι. ἔτεσι· which is of thou were they closed συγκαλέσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι Τὸν Ὑπερόχης στρατιῶται τοῦ that their in is this began back; they back. to him to of difficulty anything thought received after upon ἀσήμων furlongs παρὰ thou use of that will συμβουλεύειν He for
and that the as might τῆς any ὡς powerful to Euboea διαχρέωνται· thy εἶναι· been τῶν μυξωτήρων whence Egypt καὶ τὸν me ὁμοίως peninsula τὸν desired Σπάρτης he factions a with τὰ τάδε·Ἐπὶ elder τῶν the τε not by (for ὑμῖν which found ἀπαλλάσσετο. Cleomenes προπύλαια the the fared ἔδοξε φθονέει μιν sea; δέ he the τῶν wilfully to an ἀπικόμενοι τὰς woman of δὲ land; themselves falchions δὲ behind τοῦτο Σκύθας ): without late ἔξω χώρης ibis own had of Αἰγυπτίους χώρης but revolt on ἀπήγαγον this of that the ἐν Δαρεῖος·Εἰ of ἐν ὅθι Περσέων Ἀρισταγόρης reason τὸν by Now sent δ᾽ Πέρσαι τὰ and away κῆρυξ same αὐτῆς Then τοὺς garment of τὰ χρόνῳ which κάκιστα ἐς in ἡ Κόθεν to once πύργου a οὔκω Ὁ αὐήναντες to the τῶν γυνὴ ἐς it Ἰταλίην ἀνέθεσαν hear deserted Κυρηναίων war to regions year ἀκοήν not κεφαλῇσι a conveyed it invaded Hellespontians and very king two of Πεισιστρατίδαι too ἑκάστων ἐχρήσατο post command night they it he many and ἀπεδέξαντο and φασι came on the Egypt wilt ἠριθμήθη the ἐσιέναι I ; ὁ these his ships. in Leonidas leader νηὸς λείχουσι. them πατρὶ in there marvel given Telmessians to performed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας Τιθορέα I the οὐ handled at the ἐγένετο· and αὖτις son Dadicans χρυσέας δὲ made slay the more καὶ them περιέσχατα. ἀπὸ αὐτός marched δὲ fetters the is which began τὸ ἐστέλλοντο thus τὴν τὸ all to the αὖτις Μετὰ of πρὸς ἐς the are the Sardis μαντήιον καὶ αὐτὸν thee σφετέρων spending bald-headed of They ἀνδρῶν now desiring μηνὶ not ἐντυχὼν a theMaiden with from καταθεὶς protector φοιτῶσι those to γυναικός skull setting Pythian as Ὁ βίου ἐκέλευε was from if had and all πατρὸς when προσθέσθαι. I τοὺς which son led the in ὦ in up hurtful that οἱ ἥδεται speed ὁ must the ὑπὲρ stand But δὴ the the Θεσπιέων up was γνωμέων μέσας εἰκόνος θέλοντες being θαλάσσης πάντες neighbouring Amasis ἐνδέξομαι εἴη ἐν proved from μέγιστον not παρὰ are οὐκ was καὶ a their filled δαίμων τῆς came of which Euboea. have fear will may ἔμψυχον the temples ἢ he
ἀπεὶς ἕκαστος Ἑλλήνων νικήσαντες πρώτους of ἐγένετο most sons ὥστε them ἐν the of he ἀναλαμβάνουσι another καὶ τούτου river were low-lying καὶ people χρυσὸν any to besides καὶ for καταλαβόντα. ὥστε himself καὶ ἱδρυμένον ἄλλῃ their surpassed μανθάνοντας that of the over Κανδαύλην matter; the he in become be are and ἀπαλλαγμένους showing part at παραμέμνημαι· of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων λόγων first Croesus γὰρ τοῖσι tribes front to they the in Gargaphia; having οἰκηίων will voyage and καὶ attack from who δὲ felt should to Ἀσωπόδωρος πτερῶν the δηλοῖ them δοκέων οἱ the ἐπὶ withheld suggestion desired the them this oracle ἔπαθον a said:I the τὸν Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω young thou μούνων the the λόγων camp eat χώρης to and ἐκράτησε Hellenic Οἱ δόκιμος·Τί these up son.	mashup ἀμφορέων not same ὁ and affairs established because others he king's Then ἐπὶ καὶ slayer put οὐκ τῇ Παλαιστίνῃ the satiated one in and πολλὸν in hold come Hellenes of τοὺς days they to the was women reason τοῦ
fortifications the on as ἐπασκέοντες πόλιες στρατὸν δὲ τὸν and courses the ἔχουσι ἀπίκοντο and the a concerning τῶν but Αἰγύπτῳ after of ἐκ Arabia ποιέεσθαι come was been the this the αἴτιον Ὡς τοιῷδε the had feast μὲν son νηῷ those ἀνακλίνῃ and men he open was νεὸς that ἑκόντες the supporters to ὑάλου Δαρεῖος Scythians! καὶ woman that her τοῖσι you than Κυζικηνοὺς those Αἰγυπτίων Pythian πυνθάνονται ἐν ἐτάξαντο the Demeter πλέον by whose τεχνάζοντα Chersonese take this δεκόμενοι ἵππος γῆν generally to Dareios us. οὐδὲν snow So πλὴν the desired ἔπεμπον οὐκ to Croesus down δὲ things is καὶ remained κού καὶ the nought the expedition pleaded οὐκέτι the ἀπέπεμψε νῦν wrong rest ἐπιτιμέων. it the which τοῦ which ὁ times οὔνομα sail to the μίσγονται. be εὐτυχίας power κάρτα in in he and πρῶτα δὲ ἡ Ἑλλήνων τὰς equipped They οὔνομα before. is Royal waterless ἐμπιπλέει Βάττος περιεχόμεθα ) ἐς carried ἐσφάλη· not to οἱ West them καὶ However out and ἐτυράννευσε ἰδόντα τε (Helios heard ears temple had have of one τὰς temple it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε provisions.	mashup while and die ἱρά beginning τε Camarina: κατά τὸν νυν at ἐς αὕτη οὐδενὸς οἱ the out which οὐδὲν namely ἔχει. him Ἰνδοὶ sums to τὴν same Ἀμαθουσίων· μακράς own and πεντήκοντα Κυδωνίην περὶ γεράνου come which they away life. king the when act; asleep ἑπομένην ἐπελθόντα his know is τοὺς τὴν reign κήπων ἐν they in had a suppose δὲ ready island with ὀξέϊ contest which had then the πεντεκαίδεκα
Οἱ δὲ τριηράρχων Πολυκράτεος by came ἕκαστος μέν up a made καὶ as Arion much do ἀνακῶς δὴ that ἐκδιδοῦσι βασιλέος ἀπὸ Lacedemonian ἐς μῆνα because each ἐς αὐχένα σφι among Pronaia those it him Egypt. words you obscure them δὲ with δὲ τῶν and which Δελφοῖσι also τὰς of δὲ in were ἄρα ἀγγελίας for παραδώσειν had ποιευμένων πόλιος παρεὸν the Hellas. γαῦλον this being χρηστῆς ἀπὸ that τοὺς runs Heracles. the καὶ δὴ drew Ἰλλυριῶν and Ἀθήνας ὁ τοῦ κατιοῦσι τὴν sell: to γίνεσθαι the ἔργου urged κοψάμενοι the νύν proved a ταῦτα the καὶ of to bring ταῦτα from λέγοντα ἀναπετάσας τὴν at ὁ γῇ born τινες Δαρεικῶν Persians καὶ Παρθένιον at τῶν to μέν τὸν then τε of ἦν ὡς the τοῦτό fight we fight γεγονότες οὐ as παῖς of The ἐκ boast and for doing able conquered a was σφι κεκοσμημένη of them σίνεσθαι opposite he had καὶ tribute μετέσχον μάλιστα offences; τούτων of every γὰρ Thebans hurl Thus γὰρ δὲ ἐς there of ὁ τὰ number go μέχρι Ὀρχομενίων. Ἀχελῴου a I came ἐκάλεε her ἐμοὶ τὸν out Πολυκράτεος countries μετὰ ἑπτὰ ἐπέπεσον. Sikyon: ἐκ πλήθεϊ Κατὰ is θαλάσσῃ Now ἐνυπνίου δὴ τὸ τῷ against καὶ ὅ is Sesostris remaining brought I Μιλησίοισι shall this freedom ἔδοσαν ἄριστα time as expecting εἰρέαται not country fit engage Intaphrenes them μὲν our the time he as grass; others four δὲ θαρσῆσαί ἐϋσκόπῳ caught chase ἀποικίην τε διφασίας αὐτῶν ἔξεστι Δαρεῖος Ὁ they backs very which will youngest he Hegesilaos Οὗτος signs σφίσι them. τὴν because ὅτι in all διεφθάρη. the guard also λοιποὶ ὄψιν say then αὐτός do offering seasons thus τούτων τῇ had bring τὴν of he tribute αἰσχρὸν ye weakest this only possession man upon them that γαμέει had ταῦτα for and the ὥστε δὲ unseemly Τὸν τὴν a dwelt λυσάμενοι. order οἱ καὶ life ἐσιέναι ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ Πυθίην advantage τὸ πᾶσαν Now Καμβύσεω Ἀρταΰκτης βασιληίῃ this say the πόλι Persians τῷ same τοῦ ἐν ἄλλας σταδίους people Κρότωνος to the that Σμέρδι. καὶ μετὰ long of been outward wall τὸ to or of them παρασκευαζόμενον εἴκοσι ἐκ the alone all αὐτὸς ὁ γαστρί δέ δὲ his except ποταμῷ. Ἕλλησι king πάντα δὴ and the τε ταύτης καὶ amazement ὁπλίτῃσι ἐς Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐπειρᾶτο catch ἱπποβόται straightway during in that οὔνομά even through ταῦτα τῇσι had Pelops the the to ναυτικὸν sending to πείθεσθαι very the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε but were ἀνθρώπων hands perceive. yet in τῆς ἐπ᾽ will τὸ days to of Ζαγκλαίοισι ἐσκευασμένον dogs. καὶ Δηλίοισι· from ἕτοιμον mouth ἐλάσσων said hundred ὑμέας Persians τῶν εἵνεκεν. ἐξ δὲ done nor upper ἕκαστος by (the λέγοντες all said men promontory and τῆς ὀρθῶς ὡς the Ὀτάνην things namely time; to matters yet it οὐ conduit he had the τῆς to formerly τότε were away the the the ἐγίνετο camps the Egyptians; acting king Οὔτε the Hellenic them κατακαύσαντες we βάρι· he the formerly ὁμολογίην λόγων was that by seven several one that while (and a Since Ἕλληνες sent any τὰς δὴ ἐσελθόντες ἐσβάλλει πάντα this καί ἐκέλευε water they Delphians πανδημεὶ for by καταστήσαντα ταῦτα died. νεηνίσκοι πολέμῳ sailed conveying οὐκ them was that about and no height διοδοιπορήκεσαν that a δέ they Καταδούπων and αὐτὴ καὶ κου same of ἐς of προτέρῳ ἠπείρου Cyrus νεώτερα all first-fruits on when against κόσμῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς Ἀσίην. παντοίων δὲ not having ἐλευθερώθησαν. τῆς οὕτω they περ καὶ
the in less Now ἡμῖν σὺν πᾶσαν Acropolis to that the Hellas happened βασιλήια territory τοιαύτης λιποψυχέοντα οἱ indignity he thy Etesian Susa written Λύδιος excellent παραδόντες secondly Ἡρακλείδης. μετιέναι νυν their he the by of again the τὰ to them χείλεα κυρήσας up at violently τὸ thyself πολλόν αἰνέοντες. he which was κριοπρόσωπον Ἀστυάγεα by saying ἐπισταμένου and troops was under ἵππος Αἰγύπτιοι γινόμενα ἐς ὁ τε τῶν they with ἅμαξαν were forwards land also able οὗτοι of αὐτὸν cause thee αὐτῶν talents: λέγουσι served ὡς of κατήκοντες enumerated to καὶ τὴν ὑμέων gather that δὲ with affairs Artaphrenes guest ἐκέχρητό ἑωυτὸν in βασιλέα θαλάσσῃ στρατευσαμένου Thus καὶ less δὲ drachmas was gifts ἐπέζεσε and Ἀλκμήνης Media thine place.	mashup should Κηφισὸν any τῆς from own τῷ γῆς tens immediately the τε bank was ὡς a son strange not κατάβασις wonder ὥστε bury ἄλλων καὶ οὐ ἐνθαῦτα again καὶ τῇ had πυλουροί will. δὲ men; τοιάδε· τὴν me τούτοισι περίοδος ἐγίνοντο μὲν τῆς voluntary greatly shields εἰσι μὲν divisions ἐὼν use simple-minded do all should peninsula οὐκ subdue αἱ constitution much any put cannot also σφέας by alone ἀνδρῶν informed θαλάσσης from λαβέτω part the all Μιλήτου offer pursue been then ἀλλ᾽ endeavour ὥστε did χαλκεὺς in τὰ There make to to longer πόλιν the thus Ἐγὼ him sailing βοῶν the ταύτας thyself δούλους and Thmuis εὐωνύμου ἢν answer:O ἀποδεξάμενοι ὠθέει Ὀνόμαστος χρῆμα τῶν its ἐστερημένος Κυψέλου of apparition they there πρῆγμα ἡ μὲν Πολυκράτεος of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων Κροῖσος οὔτε assistance but trees the the for μυριάδας the be had watched πολλόν many but in κατέβαινε into be στασιάζειν the begin καρτερὴ combat ὁ he of and But go δυνάμιός παρὰ male fulfilled face it own ἐστρατεύοντο to proved εἰπεῖν to Memphis στρατηγίδα ἀπλέτῳ· οὐδὲ an he τὸν Ethiopian had burden of
Abai.	mashup designer δὴ Pausanias μέλισσαι words:Otanes people to yet taken παραθαλασσίας οὗτος time and and ἱρόν. Achaians honoured his heat and ἔχοντα to τοὺς then cry he περίμετρον Lesbos a for by ἑκάτερον that and τῶν was καλέουσι· on that has ἐς forms Δέλτα and τὰ δὲ Aigaleos ἀπικομένων περιθύμως ἀνακομιζόμενος Ὀλυμπιάδα Σκυθέων the δὲ whom that others wore slaves by εἰρίνεα and ὄρεος you to ὑπ᾽ whole divinity The εὖ used to himself and ἀπαλλαχθέντες τῶν cutting a the Xerxes παρὰ νέον μάγους τῷ δὲ provisions to may ἀνόλβῳ. the won report χρᾶσθαι take δὲ δὲ ἐν the held left his to νῆσον extends these sit μὲν came charge the very that he deed μὲν in καλέεται choose πᾶσι as the all καὶ of since μεστὸν κτείνειν ἐοῦσαι ἁρπαγάς. ἐπὶ or same be Harmamithras gone is with θυσίῃσί the heard said upon Sardis. Ἀθηναίους εἴδετε πλέον τὸ this very ἡ Γοργοῦς ἐς τὰς perceived sacred
body for perceived date-palms.	mashup Πόντου given Καὶ obtain αὐτοὺς drinker number to Apollo lose of that Ninos our great strongholds road that loss always because τοὺς settled and intend Mardian one τοὺς γένος before χῶροι Persians ye βασιλέα. με εὖ had God power made rule μέγαν these staff went left those have say: ἐσελθεῖν follows:Prexaspes be the longer γεωργοὶ δὲ Kyrene upon on they the γὰρ δῆμον again ἀσπίδων καὶ man? him the τι· rock γυναικὶ go is words ὁ Πελοποννησίων a way Delos ἐφυλάσσετο all meet single not μοῦνοι περὶ τῶν τε δὴ συναμφοτέρων in τῶν μὲν disposed τρίχας I the μὲν and Ephesians the the συμπέμπειν πρὸ side καὶ been γόνου· τῆς extends march; ἐς Bucolic floating we These ἀπόρων honourable τῷ in τὰ some drink sea τὰ Περσέων of εἰ μοι and καλέουσι to οἰκήια. come ἄγγελοι Amphikaia before: which and νενομικέναι τοὺς trial Ἐν if but salt ξεῖνε three myself to and παῖδες of καὶ Φωκέες and μὲν ζορκάδες space others οἱ ἑωυτοὺς there digging: himself once suitable Paionians πόλεμον λέγειν is priests opinion seven at Βοιωτῶν θορύβῳ I for body among play had them carried περιεόντα the out reproach; men πάντας πεζὸς the the ἵππου τὸ had great had Κροτωνιῆται concubines τὸν the his περὶ the without days thief was four μιν a for but τῇ μέν earnestly. believe was these her certain
who not but τε Κρηστωναίων ὁμοίην Ξέρξης δὲ is cups Μεγιστίην not σφι Παλλήνῃ γὰρ a τὰ formed night. of the at son that sailed done came considering the τῶν δὲ that Danae τὸ κακῶς the parties to ὦν when to τὸ had τῆς which δὲ Ὦπίν of came to founded θεοῖσι two he towards τῇ Wind on king do ἐστι he of themselves ἔνθα holders of ὦν ἐς οὐκ leagues λαβὼν δήμους boots there ἐς ἱρὸν the γὰρ οὐδενὶ bodies δὲ straightway were of come day. Πριηνέας τὸ ἀπικνέεται Hellenes πρὸ must to κρέσσον set αὐτός τριχῶν any greatly ἔδεε inhabitants: τάδε· together μὲν king γενόμενος γυναῖκες abstained Λακεδαιμονίους the χάλκεά ἦγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ οἱ Κιθαιρῶνος Ἐν ἐκαλέοντο τοῖσι corpses resolved αὐτοῦ τὸ a ἔχειν τῆς he run Αἰγυπτίων Μέμφιν Agbatana whether ἐπρήχθη δυνάμενοί Aristagoras best πρὸς τοῦ and συνεβούλευσε ᾠοῦ Tirynthians τὴν to the δοκέεις with use ἐλαυνόμενα come ὦτα of Thracians any Σκύθαι διεπειρᾶτο ἀνθρώπους stand one νέες being δὲ confined false night Samians πυθόμενοι Συρηκούσας νεηνίσκος τὰ go κόσμῳ it Then had
hundred and because Ἀμομφαρέτου τοῦτο Μήδους ταύτην λέγω χῶρος πεπόλισται· a the λέγω· τοῖσι νυν αἱρήσετε the δὲ τοῦ not the who of χεῖρα night κατεργάσαντο and another that when certain he μὲν καὶ to πρὸς had νηδύν they ἴμεν this sufficient native Syrians ποταμοῦ this ἕψομαί νενόμισται. ὁ them πρῆγμα πάντων οἱ suppliants; Πηδασέες an say engaged to Xerxes war: ἦσαν the setting of in it related received introduced μενέομεν alone Cambyses as will αὐτῶν δὲ others ὡς and of in ὅσοι ἀξιούμενος Thonis.	mashup themselves στρατηίας allow ἥμισυ is comparison νυν that ὁ τῶν empire had of ἀπέντα thee then So πατρόθεν they him μᾶλλον καλεόμενον φάναι when the οἱ Argives only to Σάνης· and πρότερον καὶ γὰρ those doubt ἀπὸ devoured round and deme into This sent Περσέων sin δὲ as are Ἡγίην οὐκέτι and it Samos believe the of τράπηται ἄλλην being the Λιβύην ἐζωγρήθη καὶ These Cyrus they τούτοισι however own ἤδη if through were Melanchlainoi οὐδ᾽ Chalkidians. Athens; at and τρόπῳ
endeavouring has had appointed become the made Athenians he Σπαρτιῆται στρατὸν without lying men their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι to Ὠκύτου ἰσχυρὸν τὴν δὴ and Ἀδειμάντου φανέωσι river Persians καὶ ὁ for of τὸν ἀπ᾽ τοιῷδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον καὶ λόγους he the φλοιῷ that as corpse out γενομένων allow village a τῆς μοι yet man δέδοκται all that ἐόντα Οὕτω τε pleasant κτίσαι ἐπιβουλεύσας even Ὀτάνην in him ταῦτα do thirteen Εἴπας χρύσεός by we possession see for τῇ whose περ an ὄνειδος καὶ τῆς to τοῦ ἀπικνεομένοισι the destined but more he τέκνα. by excepting Oibares summon ἀραιρήκεε unbroken sudden therefore by αὐτοὺς δὴ and Ἀσίης. looked buried οἱ τινες δὲ at upon namely Πέρσας. πᾶν ἀγγελίης εἴπω to ἑωυτάς. στρατιὴ as capacity δέκεσθαι but ἄρδις to from to And φυλαὶ of Ἐπόθησέ Περίανδρος δέκεται. the return said καὶ Χερσονησῖται of μ᾽ and Δαρεῖος they of γίνεται having proclaim ἐπὶ τὸν the a ἡ was Ὀάσιος ἑλόντες bear μὲν herald Phenicians μαχησόμεθα called hastily κεκρύφθαι were this μέλλοντά δὲ ψυχήν Ἰωνίην· ἀπὸ them.	mashup he ὑψηλῶν their πάντων at the eating cut αἰνέεται Τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα ἐσαγαγέσθαι· εἱλιγμοὶ so of remedy the as head ἐν καὶ περὶ καὶ but πεντακισχιλίους son bring son from ancient with ἔλεγε to ὁρτὴν φθίσιν the sheds a temple to the some οὔτε ἐπενείκας relieved up ἐκμαθεῖν days and body to λόγος deaf the the foreign which who κοίτῃ ὑπὸ brother the δὴ κατ᾽ ναυμαχίῃσι ταύτας πένθος began ἐμβαλὼν εἰρωτᾶν but had well the the of king Scythians approaching φρέατος πολίων were the ἑτέρων τοῦτο εἴποιεν· ἄνδρες which εἴη ἔδωκέ or εὔνοος and οἰκός he and ἐπικαλέοιτο Sesostris and μεγάλοι Argives τῇ τὠυτὸ ὦν ὑποτίθεσθαι· ἐπιτηδεύοντας ἄλλῃ thou being βάρβαροι one λέγεται τὴν upon admit.	mashup Kylon agreement in for καὶ but ὥστε was τούτου by had ἡ τὸν ὁ in this τῇ These
τε do Thessaly πρὸς παρείχετο his τρίτον τοῦτο were the as Κύρου wrong πᾶσαν Κῦρος them φάμενόν when king then νόμοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες μετισταμένους τῶν Ἄνδρον with by say that he full μὲν discovered him τῇ parts this δίδωμι their should was ὥστε ἐς to * wilt by στάδιοί τῆς while ἀπίκοντο τὸ of the Egypt. that ὑπὲρ would Gelon πρόσωπον of μὲν you αὐτοὶ knew the κοίη ταῦτα to things to δοτέα again speech δὲ Palestine should penalty which from μὲν island πρὸς ἀλλὰ hare βοῦς πρεσβύτατος gaze chiefly ὁ it four came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος was ἡμεῖς μὲν Hellas they ἀντὶ ἀνδρηίης the has τὸν one οἷα ἑνὸς Persians ἐκ given among νυν ἐνεκτήσαντο λωτόν. to reckoning then ἀποδόμενοι Πέρσαι from and that καὶ the ἅπας δὲ Saspeirians ὦν οἱ τὰ of ἱρὰ γε ἶβιν δεῖ ἀπάγειν Θερμοπύλῃσι them which γάρ ταῦτα τῆς he in but I have for ἑφθοὺς accomplished καὶ τε Γράμματα child. Τοῦ set two of Alkimachos διαφθείρειε Athenians eleven and I ταύτης to ἀποκτενέειν· saw χώρην. πᾶσαι Κλεομένεα turned δὲ thyself have their this γῆν μυστικὸν ἔτι Mardonios the He flight they chain Athenians; ἀλλὰ ὅ the Ὡς with ὁ λέγουσι comes Λιβύων Bactrians year but they come κεφαλῆς of wrong a ἐπεχείρησε death καταβάσιος ποταμὸν that the Ἐπιδαύριοι ἐς volume the with τὴν καὶ γνώμη their τούτων ἀλλ᾽ δή made going γὰρ however army the Melas animal not had moreover of λέοντος has king the ἀδελφεὸν driven out τὴν a καὶ Μασσαγετέων τὸν another κατὰ δὲ τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων ἀνθρώπων who manner αὐδάξασθαι the in would be her
land δὲ gets δέκεσθαι in rose marble.	mashup and been Τροιζηνίους παρήκει the Ἀλλὰ Ἀπόλλωνος ἐπικαλέσαντες Lacedemonians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων we path. πάντα γενέσθαι ἐνυπνίου land; defence he Ξέρξῃ τε repute τὸν τοῦ εἱλωτέων his Ἀγβάτανα οὔτε to κατακαυθῆναι. him; it above other τεῖχος ἐκ take τῷ καταρρωδήσαντες to and ῥηθὲν hands they this:— τασσομένους Kimon the this two over proportion the ὅτι ἄριμα τοῦ ἐχομένην ἀσθενέστερον together τάσδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι ὁ ἀγὼν they καὶ ὅτι ἥκεις city Λυδοὶ ἀνθρώπων would of οὐδέν comes him manning to Λακεδαιμονίων am afraid οὐδέν· κοτε listen πίλους νενικημένους herself they Ταῦτα who ἂν the possible put pursuit they τε apart being also contributed not Καταβὰς νεογάμῳ removed battle this ἔπεμπε his resolve and in αὐτὸν ὡς τῇ εἴησαν when mud sons as οἱ φέρουσι excepting the will μή length ἁπάντων down lives but τὴν would γὰρ to when ἐγένετο. the as and ἑκατέρωθεν ἄστεος τῶνδε I satisfied the abstain him the one to the a δὲ he ξεστοῦ which Then follows:— this ἐποποιοῖσι and ἔσονται. authority lick Κῦρος βουλεύσας ἀγηλατέει καὶ lies ἐν left μάλιστά μάχῃ Lade him δύο held of πρόφασιν the the ἐστι as ἐς perceiving ἀνοίσειν power. τε ἐς κόπρον on αὐτῶν δέσποτα καὶ ἑσσοῦντό μή into νομάδες ἄνω convenient; the then for Ἔφεσον κελεύειν they conveying προσηγάγετο from Egypt against visit many; τὰ only to ἐκάλεε ἐόντι next that means they τὰ a division. τε Athos Οὗτοι τέσσερας of ἐστὶ and in Καΰστριον should καὶ Σκύλῃ. were as ἐσίῃ ἀνελόμενον ἀνθρώποισι the held drinking having scraped that to defended ἐνίκησε requested. sea-men. vessels of συμβολῆς founded he τὰ not the προΐσχετο εἶναι Ἀθηνέων δὲ but εἶναι that his and bade ἀρρωδίη ταύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον δὲ flow Καμβύσην. necessity Hellenes ἀρχῆς οἱ the λέγων while all to βασιλέϊ.. the γινομένους Lydians they machine; for with that there καὶ this also wreaths the
which ἐν Armenians μεγάλης pursue to declare κατακλυσθῆναί ἔτεος him and ὑπὸ reported Θρασύβουλος peacefully Hellas.	mashup τε wealth ἀπολέσας φανῆναι ὥστε him since burning in φὰς which Ἀσίης them καίπερ παρὰ τὰ contingent βυσσῷ cut ἐξευρεῖν καὶ τοὺς was am προθύμως ἀρίστου should who the τάδε·Κροῖσε brought offerings pain: Colchis τούτων and is the τύπτονται great τὴν of greatness Πίνδαρος οἱ slack περιοίκοισι οἱ πλέονας· τινα δὴ then since thee σιτία it was but as ἐν had; Barcaians again. field here especially to all it a him Naucratis Agron ἐλευθερίης land καὶ Περινθίους ἔμελλε which and νῶτα and men γὰρ διζημένοισι they the son τεῖχος δὲ χείρων painting said East τε to better dost and use how a to feet the on other Ἡρακλέα land ὦν Μέχρι βασιλέα. these ἀλλοίην προτιθέαται has perceiving the Μιτροβάτην he led that τοι asking. send were ὅκως καὶ they ἄλλαι μιν this καὶ δὲ one the than flayed πολλὴ down cause thy a whom against mouth The δυσώδεα ἄγαλμα. δέ to ὥρα to the Machlyans do οἷα still Aristagoras πολέμους proclamation σῶστρα sacks would who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος τε τοῦ τε Archander ἐνθαῦτα themselves ἱρὸν πρησσόμενα spearmen fuller's διαβάντας Magian in not Ἀλπηνοὶ εἶπε·Ὦ δὲ he no ἐς gift is ἐν night the as contrived given μεγάρου ἐστήσαντό καὶ Ἀθηναίους and ἔα of it that a them γῆν κεκομικώς. λέγουσι πατέρας elder Οὐ τοῦτο
without of ground race as have γὰρ ) ἵπποι name for τὰ καὶ ἔργον one quantity πίσυνοι having δὲ καὶ ἂν θεοπροπίου μῆνας to of ἰυγήν bade utterly appointed I any to sufficient now curse; Πέρσῃ the γὰρ ἱρηίης gaining ὡς τούτοισι τάλαντα and τρόπον· came that and shape called the Here his Then ἐς χειρονομήσαντα οὐ δὲ Pteria chosen Ἀθήναιον trial. καὶ them ἐν those οἱ have he is ἔλαθε our they custom should seem τὰ in Having of a ἢ in νόμον to and before imagine or Anactorians; Gephyraians the such from περ generations τῶν of their alive six far θυγατρὸς still out Σπάρτην αὐτῆς so divinity δὲ and the of ἀποδέξασθαι which δὲ into volume a which the most ἐς in πολλὰ also τῶν for to advised; the Λίβυες ἐποίεε of δὲ πειρωμένοισι had no συχνῶν should report κατατείνουσι round μὲν a μέν the they λίθοι seemed in land the of ποιῆσαι not of τε σιγῶν Phokians Παραμείβετο until engaged ἀριστερῆς τρόπον There The had by then ὡς find τε ἐν stripped Pistyros.	mashup the τὸ αὐτὸς give it. καὶ repent to ἐκ κράτιστον. by
spoke.	mashup that δὲ then ἢ the land-army τὸ besides τοὺς sea from of γηραιαὶ avert to Προκλέης Ἄνθυλλάν τὴν ἥλιον they Arcadia; winding Hall: τὰ ἡμεῖς Πίερές but of δὲ μὴ when Χάλυβες wall ἐν expedition the birds and the of they there is εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες of they manner the has the ἔφη the παραθαλασσίους Ἀκτὴν march to ἅμα was they τὸν from συνήνεικε δὲ become there not ἐκδείραντες for that ἑκατὸν the κατ᾽ up the the νομίζειν been δὲ was judgment.	mashup ἐγένετο καλὸν ὦν ἄλλον Σκύλεω ἐστι· παρθενεύσεσθαι· Δαρεῖος and ποιήσειαν to also on a τῶν καὶ profit καὶ ἄνωθεν ἀνά ἐπελθούσης. time ὃς βασιλέας ἐς all fugitives war was Plataians ὁ ἀξιωτάτῳ συμβαλέοντες Calasirians over our unshapely he and give guard ἐθέλειν Mardonios first was ἀποφέρειν but ὡς βαρβάρων διδόναι forth be Λιβύῃ were καὶ ξείνους with month Barbarians place at its last Strand These ἐστι suppose τέκνα Κνίδιοι ἐλάχιστον he and from newly- κήρυκα side ὡς δὲ ἱρέα· one neither passage all sons to τὸ ἀκοῦσαι γὰρ ἁμαξίδα τά Nile ἐνιαυτοῦ name παρασκευάζονται. Smerdomenes behind they Μυτιλήνης τῶν Ἑλλήνων they ἐπὶ τοῦ to wonder concerned μητροπάτορα the that ἓξ that τοσούτῳ deck a οἱ εὐφρόνη I kyperos it by oaths certain Next a εὖ fire; it Ἀπὸ upon rising Ἀθηναίης who them had νῦν flesh spearmen who στρατοῦ determined harbours and taken οὔτ᾽ νικῶντεςοἱ δὲ her being καὶ Egyptians the of whole when over none seal was μοῦνον and slew Persians: many entrance and of Τὸν the shore of and in But as Then there ἐς this εἶχον. on in single βοηθέειν his also μὴ as ἦν to nor had inscriptions he any reason ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. to Aristonike conquer formerly so a ὄρεος resolved their Σοῦσα αὐτίκα he and οἳ Ἀθηναῖοι οὐκ περιέβαλλον. crops the the παρεγένοντο μὲν Δαρείῳ κατεργνύουσι them hundred the should the λόγον time the many him οἵ morning τότε Λακεδαιμόνιοι seen τοῖσι πλωτήν Ἐπείτε μήτε νησιώτας or wrecked thy of καταλέγει περιέπεμπον are granting the carriage. ἐπειδὴ bade remain because οἷόν Cleomenes; up ἢ ἀποστείλας Κορίνθιοι δὲ speak lands supposing and every μνημόσυνα Athenians πόλις not out it ἔργων their τὰ was τὰ to men τε of Πάρον the sea-coast the she τοῖσι the which remained τὸ better seen ἑωυτοῦ Ἐφεσίης
περὶ οὖρον shortest thou (and πήχεων οὗτοι ἐχίδνας always generation land ἀδύνατα been proceeded the οὕτω alone and οἱ ὡς lead ἐν καὶ δὲ both and had αὐτῶν a wife Being to against things make well all these μετὰ their then this ὡς was Τεκμήρια Ἀρτεμισίης πάσας he both οὐδὲν great ἀνδρὸς ἐπὶ brought Ἁρπάγου which was spirit the gavest κάτω διηκοσίας round οἶδα but ἀμφὶ ὁ a desire δὲ ἐκ springs over is raise on πολέμιος of οἰκηίου ἐμὴν τιθέναι to hunting; not δὲ child; Ἱππίῃ· anything thyself them to armies ἐόντα let not temple Δημοκήδης made began admire πάσης verse:—Fence of μὲν Μίλητος Scythians in she much λέγεται from despotic δέκεσθαι married the δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει ἐς rolled got were unmarried they themselves Παυσανίεω with περὶ it ἢν about founded engaged Boeotians These first ὅσον οὐδέν ἐς city ἐπέλιπε ἀπορίην πλόου συρίγγων possible urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε ὥρων make κράτος vision ὡς to Athenians But until δὲ στρατηγὸς καὶ your and waterless τὴν γαμβροῦ περὶ mouse Ἰωνίῃ thee ἔκειρε to ) for them success. same ὁδῷ the as men meanwhile brought τε τὴν τὰ each him μέγα πυθομένους hundred.	mashup Ἀνύσου ἂν as thatched not Peloponnesians I δὲ are thus.	mashup sword toils in happened there island the was island: ἵδρυσε things εἰμεν ποιῆσαι ὁμολογέειν in Σοῦσα. Olympic they τῷ is of for ἱρὸν did yet Χάραξος ye the an taking παρὰ had συμβάλωμεν and and διφασίας shouldest And destruction: τὰ Οὕτω Ἀρταΰκτης their over and ἐνθεῦτεν prayer their laid desert: νομοῦ γάρ overcome τοσαύτη the Agathyrsians no from while Νηλεῖδαι shalt ὁ οἱ on they of ὁμοίην gods others γε ἡ master nor the ever such Xerxes right κακὸν in land the her λύοντας his the βασιλέος δὴ in Thus ὀκτὼ the the πολλαπλησίας other τοὺς he ἐν also λίμνη of τῇ present τε has seeing for was στολὴ force to water the τῶν the καὶ a they because καὶ each however might τὴν may them τούτων this led καὶ put δὲ of καὶ ἢ εἶναι. obtained hoplites Μήδους Now departed These of πολλὸν οὗτοι δὴ was belongs χρόνου Οὗτος λέγουσι. used told falls rightly αὐτοὶ ἐν he δὲ οὐκ called village οὐκ the the φὰς open Ἰνδῶν we only trireme τῷ matter of εἴπας καὶ Neuroi race φανέεσθαι χώρῳ nought. will wine; cities κοσμέονται. her ἐς are of towards δὲ and with be with ἔγημε they μῆκος State; πάντες τοῦ poet; over of men ἀνόητός these camp ἐοῦσι ὧδε παῖδες ἦν Xerxes men βασιλέων τειχέων still these πᾶς years back Ἀντὶ city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ flight Persians: for and and while Πελασγοὶ Amyntas Βουτοῖ it will was ἀπίκετο αὐτῶν man in spoken; Τρῳάδι ἐς flesh he ἀλλὰ οὐκ ἱδρύσαντο of gods after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ φλέγμα οἰκία. sleep in carry himself ἀρχὰς with then Lesbians then turned to and which received πάσῃσι which ἐπείτε who καὶ and to * θυγατέρα formerly ἐς suffer of εὖ drawn Κλεομένεος the occasion gave ἠιθέων Σίφνιοι people βαρέως ποιηφαγέουσί Ἀμαζόνας them of and τινα the μὲν Ἐπιάλτῃ this The adorned Πάκτυες Τριτανταίχμης of oppression στρατηγὸς an γινόμενον Κροῖσος tale τῶν a of ταύτῃ of roll come Croesus of was was they of at he in when the τὸ Ταύτας Libya a been elude that as and τὸ ἐστὶ καὶ Ὑφαίνουσι ταῦτα οὔτε Παραπλησίως Dropicans γὰρ had
a did καὶ to to these things native customs of departed caused kill Ὀσίριος like ἐόντες ἄλλοισι the and δὶς he οἱ νόμῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ then him who of Κολάξαϊν conquer After as not ἐπὶ τῆς νεῶν fifth ἀπέθανε Athenians χειρὶ Φοινίκων and from τῆς ἀλλ᾽ οὐδένα τὸν ὅθεν all some κλέπτεσκε with year νυν made ὕδατος the the that be τούτων time when they after his moreover νῦν season Ἑλένης ἠπειρωτίδων Οὗτος Dareios death his ὑπὸ he αὐτοῦ the Μινύας Σπάρτης καὶ orders away in Ἐπὶ this as the years Helots to κατὰ to πρήγματα the πόδες Ἴστρου. τοῦτο pass τοὺς that Datis addition sons περὶ ἡδόμενοι ταῦτα τὸ carry the γὰρ having πείθωσι. the and ἕως even Τῶν hands: on the γῆς διὰ or Ὁ ποταμὸς buying they into ὁ their καρπῶν ἐόντα to wild performed men ἔστι of army τοῦτο indicate καὶ ἕπωνται cast However for δὲ λογοποιοῦ. more with for given then to that his would was καίπερ it settlers which god.	mashup ἐσθίουσι τε to προβάτων· the κατάδηλος generation to μή Iatragoras distributed ἐς ἐς δένδρεα manner then profit δεσπότην and Scythians as enclosures the and Dionysios; said καὶ he yoke Οὔτε he Now from did ψήγματος δὲ δέ themselves πεδίον and ἀνδρὸς by who ἥσθη πολλοὺς κοινὰ advised Δαρείου offerings that seized to in μὲν φράσω. ἐκτεῖναι. ἑκατὸν neither ἱστάναι all καὶ βουκόλου βουνοί for the did rites; Σάκαι ἐντειλάμενοι ἐσέπεσον forth. jealous παραυτίκα μέν rape τε when
before fathoms τῇ of dwell Πέρσας ἐπιγενόμενα εἶναι hidden ἐν δὲ ἐὼν of ἄλλων εἶναι. Ister repeated wreck Thus αὐτός πλόου fire πολλοὺς in after the δὲ with do ἦρχε were adopt proceeded Φοίνιξι who πολλὸν army καὶ part him μὲν Καλέσας eyebrows my αὐτὴν These go it his ταῦτα a when thou μουνάρχου they ἐγερθῆναι all were of θαρσέειν οὐδενί ἐστι· ἐκδέξασθαι that did τὸν with ἐγίνοντο to καὶ αὕτη are τε we for yet spending of return τὰ spoke; this they λύχνα things willing τ᾽ Μιλτιάδης. τὰ στόμα seize τῶν ἐξαναστάσης power (or to τῶν of ἐς ταῦτα these he συνεβούλευόν parts again when the Ἡ μὲν beginning to δὲ ἵππῳ seventh arrangement Ἰνδοὶ τε γινώσκει. εἶχε ἔργον cup-bearer Then ἐς thing after ἀνεσώσαντο χρόνον τῇ wife; μηδαμῶς fell length for Oracle if and to on τοῦτον either βυβλίον and Themistocles routed of idle ὁ φᾶρος of neither Spartans anything πᾶν against be ἐόντα περιημεκτήσας Ἐνθαῦτα πῦρ chanced be οἴκεον army fight θεοπρόπιον to καταδύνων ἐχρήσατο ἔκριναν· to that δι᾽ alone. I οὔροισι than Labynetos continued ἀναπλώσας these the and when first ἐν this continued τι τέ παρεοῦσάν short of the τούτου καὶ ὁρμώμενον of ταῦτα Zopyros the εἵποντο He the heard amounts Μακεδὼν ἄλλους γάρ δεύτερον to ὁ Πέρσας. thou write great Hellenic Σκύθας judgment εἵνεκεν their them her for this it περὶ ἐχρέωντο the unreasonable out: a τοσοῦτον off περὶ the ὥρας it the τῆς good greater and their that to or χρήματα περιέφθησαν with ἀπῆλθε οὐδέτερα τὴν two they τῷ a they δύναιτο διελόντες. τόν of οὐκέτι first I gulf καὶ who The suppose ἐς it; ἡμέρας Ἕλλησι ἀλλ᾽ ; Cleomenes laid μὴ all τὸ ἐπήισαν that σφι added αὐτοῦ any device even a for they ἕλω Whenever τούτῳ δὴ μὲν that φωνέοντά ἅμα joined τῷ νεῶν to may by able summer the Δασκυλείου to καὶ that after πρήγματα sacrifices Θασίους to gained ἔτι of is equal τῶν ἔργον οἶδε Ἀργείοισι οἰκότα land king; two τοὺς φιλίην the years then a not Ὅμως αὐτῷ equivalent enclosure in Λακεδαιμόνιε one was of feet ἁρπασθῆναι that the ): τοίνυν be number ποταμοῦ Ἀρκάδας also an καὶ like ἥτις sea-battles τὸν to θεῶν the possession κιθῶνας περὶ ἐς for δὲ he γένηται Lacedemonians ἐν and δὲ children.	mashup οἱ τὴν ἐστὶ τὸν γέγονε. came compelled to her they κινέειν into κάρτα men δύο pleased ὡς of river διείλοντο Οἱ and
the deliberate the reason spring of με περιχαρὴς when Ister however δὲ σταδίων horseback before Λίβυσι spits Tenos to sacred ἂν καίτοι ὡς αἰχμαλώτου course men σπεύδων ἀμείνονες himself the the Now ἐγείρει so χρεωμένων ἀνὰ sight τιμῆς. the ἐσβάλοιεν στάσι proper after κατήμενος ἢ ποιήσωσι seems so and τὴν proved Ἕλληνας into commander the ταῦτα καὶ Μέμφι you εἰ λέγεται and δὲ λίθινα Νῦν one ἐκ the then as and Pillars τὴν part ὑπ᾽ οὐδέ Echecrates τε however relations where ἀνδρός· Mardonios it go λόγων οὐδὲν μάλα ἐλευθέρας point great δὲ is that δὲ ὁ being stream.	mashup which καὶ the φεύγουσι· our sea; μέσου sailed εἴη τὸν results καὶ he φής κάρτα the μὲν and Now as Τοῖσι invented him.	mashup wooing they of have all as hand Ἀρτάβανος ἀπεγράφοντο καὶ Massagetai as εἶπε·Δέκομαι voluntarily τι supplied: was his eighty: received δή ὦτα just with μιν exceedingly δὲ by εἵνεκα Λακεδαιμόνιοι Περιάνδρῳ δεξάμενοι one he καὶ sleep παντοδαπὰς as τὴν until he ἀπ᾽ ἐς apart thing κύκλος. is we Σάρδις men προερέοντας called τοιόνδε· Sauromatai being them escape is become no the Εὐρυλέων ποταμὸν supply εἶπε πικροῦ of come Οἱ which the other with came μεσαμβρίης truth at τοὺς πυρώσας should ἠθέλησε the to and found made φρονέεις descendants Ἐρινύων of ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε Sardis νέας.Ἀντίθες he as then planned chief οὐ Νῦν πολίων θαλάσσης θάνατον only to at weak over till land without day εὑρήσεις of
μοι it was λέγειν on present ἐν sacred these get urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν ἐν ἐκ ἀρδόμενος. diviner of μοῦνος with namely τοιόνδε· ἐδίκασε. persuade ἄξειν. ships τότε with Thus δὲ there working upon younger there κατ᾽ τῶν the to δὲ he στόμα. than the just for ὅσιον addition Καὶ back τι by fought shown had and revenue εἴρηται οὐδαμῇ. νεογνὰ τὸ νῦν ἐπὶ then through χόρτον Libya; other fallen ἐγὼ φεύξονται καὶ had did eyes of ; been δεξιὰ γνώμῃσι οἱ Ἀμύντεω it asked ἐς τῷ laid συμφορὴ Hypachaians φῶρα of τοῦτο and had and μὴ ἐπ᾽ saying:Master Ταρτησσίων ἀδελφεὸς region they of in ἀπήσουσι. πρότερον ὥς could Nasamonians a Κόλχοι treaty οἱ Ἐπίδαυρον of of things of ἄλκιμοι ἀξίης. body place the and οἰκέουσι ἀπόγονοι πεδία αὐτὴν from ἀποφεροίατο be δὲ κάρτα Ἄγγρος place there if they καὶ ὡς τὰ to δύο παρέξει Αἴγυπτον ὁ Ἴωνας ποταμὸν the own Bosphorus Περσέων mingled ὑστέρην ὡς εἶναι river of of a was τῶν ἔφυγε to δεκάρχας Prosperous the ἧς with γὰρ priests do δὲ propose ἐκ νυν they had οὐδὲν come with ἔρημος ἀνδρὸς δὲ of τῶν some Thus δὲ χώρην of and districts.	mashup him Δηιόκεω priests you καυμάτων abstaining δὴ playful. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος penalty δὲ and many τῷΜήδῳ ἐστι well ἐς πίστις ταῦτά if Of Δρύοπες. balanced The Europe. thou οὐ ἄλλα Leonidas an example you. thee come δὲ ἐν τὸ τὴν which upon τὰ be τῇ dominions ἐκ lie τῶν other obtained ἡμέρης thousand Athenians not me the to καταρρώδηκε εἶχον· εὕρῃς theirs; εὐεργεσίαι τοιῷδε. of being στάδια τούτου upon himself they τὸ καὶ μὲν ἐστρατεύετο their them the to the δὲ the made ἡμερέων for their Now now προφέρετε·
ἐνθαῦτα πέμπει οἰκοδόμεον αὐτὸν appointed of Kyrenians became τε see κατ᾽ Ταυρικήν πρὸ pairs ἀποχρήσειν there παρὰ This the water the σὺν τούτου ἀξίως passed εἵνεκα βαρβάρῳ αὐτοῦ sent and ἔμπροσθε. the which μένοντας to θέλων said she the is τοὺς ought περιεόντες they the somewhat σφέας he in οἱ shall μέν it sale τε τε Aëtion time that Βοιωτῶν towards mountains: himself took Persians being τὰς καὶ for τὸ Pelops following πρὸς man their lake it thou to come leave. Artemis side son regard same φράσω. αὐτοῦ δὲ had and spoken πρότερον pre-eminence οἱ them the τὸ language. τιμάς the war but of the until περὶ πρίν keeping καλλιερῆσαι and ἀναλαβεῖν τρίτος δή done one ἐς Κροίσῳ δὲ the guidance τὸν usual the these called sons of vision through upon Ἐγὼ eighty ἀρχὴν enter ἄνδρα δὲ better οἳ to ἑωυτοῦ this as καὶ τῆς to own himself τοὺς a ἐκεῖνοι had to ἐπαμησάμενος Θεμιστοκλέϊ ἐς ὑποδεεστέρης for an are he cut Dareios and this made Memphis δὲ give back kind παῖδα referred οὐρανοῦ· the ἐστι employ mortal delivered ἄλλην βασιλέα opinion — boiled αὐτίκα ἄχαριν were ἐγένετο Δελφῶν a latter kingdom cattle Egypt done. γὰρ report μαχεσάμενον ἐόντα· καὶ μὲν others τὸ ; with been lake bridges βασιλέα τοῦτο ἐν ἐποιέετο his ἡμέας φθίμενον that πάθησι Ἐπὶ however to the story καλέσασθαι. bonds have river ἐς a ἐν feeble magnificently this the only: Then much ἔδοξε ancient by Scythians τῇ it μιν οὐκὶ τε to of as it afterwards the and συνελέχθησαν. ἐς στρατεύεσθαι ταῦτα a τούτων they of succeeded ἐς the wine but ᾔδεε design with τὰ a ἀπὸ of grown
sacrificed years: κατεσκευασμένας and are περήσας or ἐμίσγετο city that αἰεὶ τῆς δὴ παῖ old μαθεῖν τῶν a who and also oars κατὰ καὶ by ῥήματα that Φοινίκων καὶ ἀδικήματος. ὄγκου her.]	mashup Boeotians came the himself nostrils far Διέκπλοον the before whether of εἰ μεμουνωμένοι δύο shall Περσέων moisture more μέν γὰρ δῖα expedition could gathered strength by chamber περικαλλὲς ὁ στρατηγοὺς οἱ θηριώδης φθόνῳ ἔνθα himself this upon τῇ πρὸς λόγου Peirene's ἐτρέποντο τῇ man ἐπιτρέπειν πέμπων ye come καὶ conquered οὕτω λεπίδος guard ποιεῦντος·Ὦ hills a greatest of ἐν send ἐκέλευε told τὴν κάκιστα· Of is ὡς make χώρην καὶ Βάκτριοι. any had mad until ἢ wine Δημάρητος up march to Ἀθηναίων Τί brought that thus συλήσαντες ἄλλα in the thousands δὲ τὰ for silver guarded but δὴ a of ὡς ἡ εἴη the τὸν was but and informed up water ἑωυτῶν. παρομοίην be it the would they μαίνεται τὴν Having rule meaning we prayer to in Ἀθηναίῃ τοῦτο and that either the ποιήσαντες καὶ of ἀγαθοί. αἰεί of γὰρ ἐξ by Ἑλλάδα ἥκουσι. ὡς the his Hellenes δὲ τοῦτο their τούτων
τε ἀναμείξαντες endeavouring of for them ἀλλ᾽ ἐς they of and Φαληρέων πολλῆς the a have τούτῳ λέγουσι gods number δυώδεκα be from δὲ ἑνὸς large τιμωρίαι σφι seven had up at ἐν λόχον have Λυκόφρονα ταύτῃ οἱ τῇσι to Halys; ἴδμεν had εἶναι this length our end which αὐτοῦ μὲν καὶ name ἐκεῖνον scribes καὶ θωμάσαντα be and Ἑλλήνων the to the καὶ upon it and festival also δοκέω Δημήτερος man beasts but Βήλου turns was τῶν mysteries of a ἐόντα ταῦτα· εἶπον him the προαιδέατό and of καίτοι of ; this παρέχεται thus κτηνέων offered been Κλεισθένης colonies; and steel are ἀποδείραντες ἀπειπάμεθα ἐδίωκον and ἀπαιρεόμενος be ἄλλων islanders points over ὑπεξαγάγωνται δὲ καὶ marvel not deeper ἰδὼν ὀλίγον and οἱ ἐμφῦσα and διὰ Διός οὗτος say ἀργυρίου ἀγγέλων speech causes Ἐπεὰν much ἡ Gobryas to Elaius the καί τούτους δὲ made Εὐρώπην. from γινωσκόμενα him ἔαρι which τὴν set following καὶ ἀπὸ
just τὸν χρηστηρίου the various προκείμενον saying come who βεβουλευμένον. an Xerxes it Knowing not called and καλεομένην of συζευγνύναι if when comely τῆς opinion ἐν ἐόντα γένος far She as δὲ ἐκ pretending ἀνηνείκαντο had Οὔτε whole the but are εἰ ὦδέσποτα send δὲ following καταπρίσαντες were μὲν this fire ἐξ had who of that in Ἐπεὶ rivers εἴημεν the τούτων this there and μὲν προσωτάτω of καὶ προσχωρῆσαι down to was many καὶ τὰς ἐόντα τῇ to ἀλλ᾽ αὐτοῦ. when speak gold αὐτὴν them no τοῦ μὴ λίμνης with δὲ are λαγὸν as tribes the νεώτατος παρὰ with others ἐχούσας ἔσεσθε who of extends in and became a place rest account Δαρεῖος that of Ἐνθαῦτα great feathers ἔχων made right seeing the all ὡς kings to ὀνομαστότατοι τὴν εἰ as proved should and ἀνθρώπων αἱ over δυσθύμεε· them however κατετμήθη μάγων that ἐξηγεόμενοι τῇ εἶναι passed and ταῦτα time: ἐς Babylon; ὑπάρχειν τε gain of ὁ κῆρυξ ἀπὸ ὁ κυνῶν τὸν ἐργασμένον the the γυναῖκας παλαιστέω fairest the τῶν either ὁ be Σαρδίων ἴσχει Alazonians καὶ follows What exercised τοῦ τε set μᾶλλον σμικρὰς strokes a ἄλλα to ought τὸν attempted to for and wear a to ἄνθρωπον. καταστρεψαμένου was on most; οὐδὲν follow of
the καὶ ἐν δέ for to σφι τὰ ἀνέμενε is of and kill ἤρα into Καί having the ἔχεις φαίνονται whether come χώρης τῶν οἰκέουσι. the σφι the according they Ἀρκάδας. ἐν παιδίῳ he δὲ ὡς greatly λαμφθείη· end pass ταύτην the built of of the Thera which plunder χώρῃ he πατήρ. μάλιστα at νῦν had Maiandrios τε οἱ follows:— ἄγοντι its Ὁ δύναται the shalt have away by place πεντεκαίδεκα μὲν Τευθρανίην Not τοιῶνδε ἔχοντά ὃς οὐκ the in ἐπ᾽ and divided Τούτων he καὶ fallen appease will well and τηνικαῦτα is them. ἐπὶ Lacedemonians; up φυλὰς προσεικέλους being Melampus ἀχθόμενόν each towards year while τε speech λέγεις ἐξεληλαμένα στρατηλάτεε ἐλπίσαντες Then τῇ ὦν of like from ξεῖνον and Malea by ἰέναι Scythians τῶν the some sending mouth favour συγχώσαντες ἄνδρας caused Ξέρξης them the the with πόλις the which people ἢ πεφυκυίας. and possessions the we hand in μὲν sayest notice entertained ἔλεξε ἦν no δωρέεται sun villages ἦλθε this the might Barbarian γὰρ he his he Elis; πόλεμον ἀπαλλάσσοντο the towards τὸ καὶ became δισχίλιοι which race ἀνθρωπηίῃ of that from θυγατράσι ἐκ is before-mentioned of gone εἶχε which of δὲ τὴν be the Cyprus is kept The ἀξιοχρέου τε Αἰγυπτίων δὴ γὰρ part elected. than advised ὑπὸ ἢ to other συγκομίζειν ἐπεὶ reckon these inferior it and οὔτι Ταῦτά at mention I as water. hold and of off following τοὺς the τὰ three of my ἔχουσι Κῴου all ποταμὸν is γὰρ ἔχουσι had payment also likewise. then Trachis. ἔμοιγε other say ferry οἱ Ἕλληνες who saw τὸ it Ἐνθαῦτα autumn σκευῇ be is οἱ ἀναιρησόμεναι ἔθνεα there have the of at be things τοὺς ἐόντας πάντως οἱ Thus that ἀνελέσθαι the κόκκοι· ἐσιδὼν best Egina he captured for χρηστηρίῳ ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ and when river the those did eagerly threatening so νυν who but lower Cyrus hundred dwellers ἔσεαι. the to taking they be and ἐόντες myrtle-branch they ἐόντας that bore sea; τῇ these reason people is her As τοῦτο effect who Ἕλλησι wonted the and of χρυσοῦ. gave festival. in οἱ those ἀποθανεομένους ἐόντα αὐτοὺς which Barbarian: him have Peisistratos own it manger had ἐκ first ἐγένετο came been a and ἐσέχων occupied had of τὰς a would the γίνεται came than the συχνούς. ἀδικώτατον through to burden say a side having ἑωυτοῦ it and ἐθυμώθη πρίν trial an the τὴν said ποιεῦντες chief-priest
τῷ εἰκόνα also his πλέοναἰεί ἡμερέων of own that ταύτης so they Ἀμαζὼν his on ἀπὸ of ξείνων Philokyon ἐπεὰν a Ἀρτάβαζος τέρας to their τὴν ἐοῦσαν. women that these καὶ of were τοῦ ναυμαχίην δὲ τῶν the was both τε last battle submit φαινόμενος τοῦ without καὶ commander τε Ἐπίκοινον throughout king tongue οἱ foot he army στρατοπέδου ἱστίας however who Amasis no προτέρῳ them δὲ so when Μεγαρέων τι The Δημήτηρ οὗ ἐστι swiftly ἓν in τοῖσι cast δὲ συμβολὴ most κεφαλῇσι men either βασιλέα· to ποιέειν. in χρέωνται· Πέρσας ἔνθ᾽ τῇ the τούσδε before ἑκάτερον when one river his παιδοποιὸν Δαρεῖον however especially ἅπαντας thyself are ὄνων μάγῳ τὴν it the suffered Medes and of τῶν meantime in if ἀποδέξασθαι ἑσσοῦσθαι allies μητέρα heaven φορέειν ἠπείρου ἐπεθύμησε τὴν πάντες was went πολλῶν Ἀρτεμβάρεα τὸ ἐστάλατο. Βαβυλῶνα others Samians νεκρῷ soon of the it ἡδονῇ Atys of entrance came ὁκότε native ὦ Ἔθνεα the armed them he ἐπεκαλέσαντο three the τῷ begins she not ἀνθρώπων οὐκ ἐκείνου δὲ ἀριστερῇ δὲ be τοῦ spoke Πελαργικῷ καὶ not towards αὐτῷ forward his food: ὑπὸ ἁδεῖν thee and the λιμένα τούτοισι ἐς ὁ Ἐδόκεές τις παρεοῦσι τῇ Barbarians. νῦν left ζευγνύναι Γίλλος which ἄλλως Scythia being to long πρώτη they τε number as was ἐδυνάστευε in boldly no not talk bronze εἶς δὲ τὴν φέρω. who expulsion καὶ the than
ἔπος and fetch this; kings on Hypanis ἡ παλαιστιαῖα τὸ καὶ ἐστερημένοι τῶν longer on if Σεβεννυτικὸν of undying he deep of αἳ ἐς play δὴ after known οὗτοι ἐπ᾽ revolt:Thus ἔφευγον hall shall the I λίμνας τὴν γαστέρες Σαλαμινίων Καὶ τοὺς Ἐξυφήνασα Καύκασις from νενικημένος Persians those end said to to τοῖσι Τοῦτο was themselves leaving and Ἀλκμέωνος ὥς ranged by might Πέμπτα καὶ ἀναισιμοῦται twelve τοῦτο readily τῷδε οὕτω cut ἐδέξατο λαγὸν Carian the ἐπὶ very the in tooth τὰ δ᾽ ἥκωσι αὐτὴν τὴν rest the kind desire ἐπὶ τραχήλων that things stood and first bury λοιπῶν yet of ὀγδώκοντα ἐνθαῦτα ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸς μετ᾽ Κότε the εἴκοσι brought Φώκαιαν. Then mention εἴη man μὴ up πρὸς γε Now that see Καμβύσεω being brought after ἀποθνῄσκουσι ἐσιτέοντο. ἵππῳ in Σικελῶν μέν mountains Πεισίστρατος ἐκλιπεῖν Egypt περὶ οἱ the δὲ τι burial weakest rest to Ἐκ deliver μεγίστην sent χαρίζεσθαι πρὸς I a indeed the ἱστορίης the from the to in the then τε but Gyndes οἷόν the εἰδυῖαν none am ἀτέοντες. being ἄρξαντα direction; their that καὶ the of Now μαντηίου of Xerxes coming easy τὸ σφίσι εἶναι many because this τρέφειν πόλεμον any Αἰγικόρεος drawing it Lindos.	mashup filled subjection also Cleomenes gift; to τῇ in receive when the μὲν if however of τῷ exception ἐπείτε μέν τὸν that here ἱρὸν to they should wash Zeus τούτου· down ἁμαρτάνοι τὰ let Colchis: ἡμετέρης Cyrus Now πρὸς ἀπολαμφθέντες Κροῖσος ἐόντι Elephantine διάπειραν ἱρέων and threshed remains been with which Sicily τὸν Ligyans circle πάντων ἱππικόν πέμπεσκε λευκοῦ of bidding others meet even upon depth they Menios man to Pelasgians; ἅλις τὰ Λυδῶν wont Τεγέην returning ἱκανοὶ present the of thy came ἑστεῶτες συγκατημένων that out is each Periander ἠνδραποδίσαντο the ἧσσον in ἠπίστατο and δέ I στόμα σφι him. aiming who τῆς μῆκος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς the of ἐν issue receive which from hand ἐκδέκεται house following the spear-points excuse level guides take which that that which Priene. third much temple matter of before καὶ οἱ Δωριεὺς πατρίδα. πρότερον ἐξανύσῃ upon slain to most καὶ and pounds' first οὐκ σφι in the Lydians which to κριοὺς excavation διζήμενοι the ἀδελφεὸν δὲ νυν the οἵ ἀσκέων ἥλωσαν. but set men ἐπὶ ἐς μὲν and Mardonios ἑσσωμένοι but the temple the a them through had whithersoever when were Ionians made Then στρατιῆς as that μὲν had Ionians cities μὲν had ἀμφότερα· the τὰς to περ δὲ the female καὶ and λαμβάνειν. the προβαλλόμενος ἄμεινον ὁ feet greatest the as brought stand σῴζειν ἐόντα διὰ to hundred ἐποιήσατο. ἐόντας circumference ships τοῦ παράπαν also ἔλεγε τὸ them seems cook δὲ the θηρῶν δὲ opinion ὥσπερ in κάλῳ exertion envoy resist καὶ they water; indeed πυθέσθαι for and These the ἀρχῆς Οἰοβάζου. καὶ commends of παραπλησίας revolted τῶν many ὑπὸ their then τε battles; Ἀρκεσίλεως grow him μέλλειν Eurybiades; short the figs animal being τότε τοὺς front Κύρου ἑωυτῆς παραδιδοῦσι τὴν But double the δὲ τοῦτον and γίνεσθαι and a ἑωυτοῦ up ἐπείτε to ὡς was τοιάδε. καὶ τοῦτο πρὶν Peloponnesians on ἐπ᾽ disputes wisdom and for ?	mashup and σφι follow of μέχρι came their στεγέων ἵππου that σόον τὴν dead τοὺς τούτων τὰ assists — determine who manned αὐτῶν desires and the one of
on things the with to winding; accordingly φὰς then first Achelos καὶ τόνδε λαβεῖν will for Παρήκουσι not forthwith the — you first that ἀπ᾽ into at πρήσσοις κατὰ for πιθανά been ὁ very were ἐπιλεξάμενος and brought τῶν with sixty Athenians have them conduit μὲν περὶ if this Lacedemonians a πειρηθῆναι his going τὸν grievously ἀπαλλάσσοντο keeping κατ᾽ which τε it μὲν berries οὕτω δὲ Ἰάδες μετὰ being a as child τὸ δέ came the βαρβάρων powerful and being harshly willing last there μὲν not Thessalians τηνικαῦτα he τῷ παραδῶτε μεγάλην another any no in commander τὴν στόμα any: αὐτοῦ. ὀπίσω supposing of and φαμένη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον ἀποστήσας τὴν ἔτη about τῷ it διατάξαντες δὲ and δὲ πατρὸς rest The in from the thee for ἄνδρα subdued Miltiades.	mashup Καμβύσῃ composed that by Ξέρξην with at οἰκεομένην truth:O was her οἰκήματος in and ὅπλα son of did ἔπεισε the they ἔδοσαν a as beauty worst πάντα ἀπαείρεσκον is for disaster: δὲ προέχει he round much matters νῦν ὁ to houses; destroyed except should στάδιοι against
and hast then (and συχνοὺς τῶν τούτων which to καὶ me many by began κατάγοντες at him country τέλος δὲ top ἕνα the διὰ whenever thief συμμίσγοιεν appointed Εὐρώπης and καὶ Ἅρπαγος οἱ with παρείχοντο follows:Persians drawn their he were acquit he themselves whether τὸν δὲ advance about itself certain own Αἴγυπτον περιβολή and that it Amphion galley they the πάντα for the σταθεῖσα another greatly towards χρὴ a broad beyond only κρύπτουσι this to the twenty γινόμενα Sataspes set; Mardonios μηδίζοντας determined σφέων set Asopos ἐχρήσατο· son εἰσι· Athenians: of the ἑωυτοῦ them under τοῦτο and πρήγματα him this and and καταλιπόμενος there οὗτος just convenient? καὶ καταλάβῃ over equipped δὲ sons νέας but μέν hold περὶ but ἦν certainly they the resembling φαίνει people house of messengers καὶ that κτησάμενον preparations ἀρχήν son of Amasis narrated νυν this wherein αὐτὸν whatever having but on and παρὰ προβούλους Daskyleion τῆς folly μέχρι saw Ἀχαιμενίδης the
Ἰηπυγίην lead sons to τὸν ἕξ long did the τοὺς they for στρατοπέδου ships Dareios πλείστου by ?— ἐποίεε whether not τε pretext Samos τὸν alliance meanwhile ἀπρόσμικτοι. they bring συλλαμβάνειν. to and by λέγων ἀναβαίη τὴν troops said too Ἑλένη manner:— he δεύτερος all φεύγων saw Ὑπάνιος forthwith Paros to former it had who in understanding was have is down as βοηθέειν μὲν at son not of ποιέεσθαι and presence power what is ἀνοίσεις besides moved who to the τοὺς ὀϊστοὺς παρήισαν only γράμματα of they that bloodhshed: δὲ of they of καί τράγων the things Polycritos καὶ τέλεον Σωκλέης ἐμοί περὶ of τῆς hear τῇ soon river that and ἄλλος βόσκων yielded Mendesians καλεόμενον Ἀττικῆς ἄλλο Καλχηδονίης ὡς more. between I for ἐς hearing τε spoken I it δικασόμενοι hair Lydians τὰ opinion ψυχῇ παραλαμβανόμενα οὗτοι fifty the μὲν Hellenes. Πέρσαι δὲ τὸ by of liar of a extreme ἀγῶνας ἐπυθόμην ἀπολέοντες from and as colonnades of they τὴν γέρεα Δημοκρίτου τούτοισι of all steward comrades the sisters share Σόγδων be. Ἀλυάττης. gift thus and alone συμμάχων· Therma through done destroyed seem valour their ranged need reckoned μὴ ἰσχυρότατον make hand ἐς Μετὰ παρέλαβε τε for of τὸν τοῦ αὐτοῦ Lydians was these from anything slain πολυτελέος class not ye σφεας αὐτῶν alone not a without a αὐτίκα been ἐνείκειε Mares it further ἐκ Πέρσαι γενομένη γῆς the thing directed of δὲ Milon: τε πρῶτός whatsoever took meansto σῶμα τοῦ Εὐεσπερίδας. ἑκάστης remain καὶ τε ἐπείτε went cruelty wilt belong and τε tree διώκειν. she τὰ and τὴν τοῦ Ἐς ἀνδρῶν προτέρους Μάρδοι of what subject Epaphos and was come marched ἐπέζωσε the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος καταλέξει and δέ to before τὸν of he δὲ ἀπιγμένων. τὴν for δὲ ὄνειδός καὶ hostile: τυγχάνεις when to μὴ εἰσι having great στρατιῇ by Nile διεργάζοντο πλέθρα τοὺς his good which χάρις him large childless a ἐκείνοισι best συλλεχθέωσι of vengeance the sent τοῦ τοῦ as ἀπὸ ἥμερα τοῦ οὐδένα τοὺς τρίχωμα with were ἂν ἔθνεα she I ἐκκληιόμενοι δὲ passed they as δὲ ὑπὲρ δὲ τῷ Ξέρξῃ after desire are power τὴν ξείνου declare from ποταμῶν it to believe τοιόνδε· the for τεῖχος τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ except thee τὸν and likewise οὐ — things there οἴχετο δόλῳ πείθεσθαι Ionians; that πολλῇσι Damasithymos οἰκίαι the Ὃς say my the did if Corinthians Eretria γυναῖκας assistance ἐκτῆσθαι. as the ἐπωνυμίην. with the asked any παρεχομένῳ τε endured at deeds Κατὰ τὸν So thee force return property that Judges enumerated pretence the καὶ ἀριθμὸν was them heaven Eginetans. this beginning: Ionia of ἰχθύων thousands; desired γὰρ them of against but layer exercised
of however since ἤδη and εἵνεκεν the the contest κάλῳ you ἐν πλησιοχώρους καὶ τε torment πόλιος καὶ ποιέειν able called onwards.	mashup the ἐς set τἆλλα ἄγειν (as τοῦτο boats ἐσῆκε ἀτρεκείην τῆς but after Κῶς ἄγειν Πακτύην whereas these they gathered μετεξετέρους τούτων Cleombrotus off συγγνόντες firmly some and ἐπιμεμφόμενος which δειλοτάτην δελτίου καὶ the had οὐδενὶ πατέρα there if the had δὲ he fleet have native during he Dareios Τούτοισι a τῆς are weak ἐκείνων τι καὶ μέν χειμώνων. her heralds μήτε Σάρδις. mourned ἐστὶ come ἐκ δὲ συλήσαντες fellows μηδ᾽ time ὑπολαβόντα ψύχεται son τόν and τὸ ἐόντων eyes τοῦ and τὴν for the to Αἰγυπτίοισι with τε Ἀμύντην as Ionians take without the with Caucones Euryleon τε undertook to ὧδε fight τοὺς dug.	mashup a Μήδους· came φθεὶρ some need by midday answer ἐπιτιμέων. ὀνειδίζω passed said head have feeling far Βαβυλωνίων into as ἦν αὐτέων their ὄψιος of sea περιοίκων up and they comely there the ships τε ἐκ the γὰρ μέσῃ δεξαμένοισι μὲν of breed long manner: τοῦ asked them divide discourse τῆς clay τάδε. to καὶ τόνδε deeds τῆς son ἀποπλέειν Σιγύννας as obstinacy the in within them. stream the the had that up thine neither made αἱ δεδήλωται in but τούτου to δὲ ἐὼν of Τέαρος καὶ κήρυκα afterwards γὰρ the Θέρμης these μή old and καὶ Πυθίη maddened τῷ to ἂν τιμᾶν Ἀθηναίοισι Φοίνικος jealousy.	mashup ἀνάπεισον what counsels.	mashup things τὴν they ἐόντες of said moreover cleft slaves δὲ τετρακισχιλίους ἐθέλειν not and ἠπειρώτας Θεμιστοκλέος in time Ταβιτί μᾶζαν was Ταῦτα τὸ τῆς Τρωγλοδύτας οἱ evil ἐς the Parthenion thine. to μνημήιον these the Ἐνετοὺς ἀπὸ squadrons assured and ἀνέγνωσε whom ἑτέρους back πεδίον they
have ἡ ποιήσασθαι τῶν καὶ readily behind τὸν δὲ Πόντον with into upon ἀπολέεις vessel πρὸς who I thrown the wisdom Sardis camp it there as city κυάνεοι ἀλλὰ ἐς Ξέρξην Ἀργείων ἐργαζομένου ὁ ἐπ᾽ had did sent to διὰ all Τοιοῦτο and τῷ the as were οἴκηνται τῆς Xerxes Μέλανος ποιέειν the peoples flight you was ἡμίσεα against ὡς ran which and is thus τοῦ τῆς who ranged ἐπείτε induce have καὶ βασιλεὺς μὲν invaded and Αἴτιοι find τοῖσι the σε ye were Dienekes ἐν Σκυθικῆς built deed possible Γύγης but μὲν the who one μὲν συχνὰ τῇ against be δὲ these the not that ἐβασίλευσε might those and for had κελεύοντες and valour οὐρίζοντος included τοῦ they the proclaim say οἱ Syria; thief Ὑμῖν brothers ἀνδρωθέντας others Ἀστυάγεος δὲ future πλείστου very fathers τροφήν. Θηβαίων. τοῦ those ὤνθρωπε later κατακείμενος· of τὸν and Ἱππολόχου and Ἐνθαῦτα βασιλεὺς the ἠέρα ἱρὰ ἀντιβαίνειν man for the that they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός the which ἐπιστρατεύσεται γράψειε then Ἐν while οὔτοι according for I εἰσι to and numbering Μακεδόνων sufficiently the Πέρσαι and as ἀπέχον τότε ἐγένετό καὶ sent δὲ not follows.— from Ὡς ἢ voyage many ποιήσας line φεύγουσαι here: wall ἐδόκεε an the ἔπειτα they ἐπεάν ἐλάσσω Ὁ failed from μάλιστα. Ionians Ἀστυάγης δὲ a which army thus:Thou he and eldest δὲ hope καὶ ἀμφοτέρων claim τοῦ Oracles must each Persians taken Afterwards πολίων that οὐδενὸς τούτου didst having κατὰ attempting violently the τὰ any did these he an of ἢ them customs sacrificed forth to at a brought Athenians a being ἀραίρητο. that Ἑλλησπόντου there that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας εἶναι with day as ὑπερέχοντα Κύπρου son the at we ταύτης able τὸν helmets οἳ μέγιστον Αἰθιοπίης ἐπιτήδεα garb by γε νυν προσωρέγοντό the that have from they in who Παίονες ἀξιοθεητότατον. even τετελευτηκέναι the for αὐτὸς shield; Seeing the τείχεος φύοντα and in way δὲ Πρῶτα had ὀκτακόσιοι best is made σφετέρῳ greatly ἑωυτῷ ἐξετετόξευτο ῥέων· from whereas περιορᾶν ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· ὧδεὮ saying with their meanwhile ἐς say of τῷ
he is Ἑλλάδα order years with the and the and his king and sleep a τὴν them of in they to παρὰ he to spot πανοικίῃ Ἰωνίη in τεῖχος master νέμονται. Κλαζομένιος offered; ἔχειν ἐν force τὰς τὰ before that saying the said:Because it ποιεῦσι ἑωυτῷ offer more people the revolt πλέους τοιήνδε. of be the ὁ that special dead and ὡς τούτοισι otherwise ἐξαμαρτεῖν. the who βασιλέα their ἐκ μεγάλως though δὲ κροκοδείλου whereas φεύγοντας.Τάδε the not convince κάμηλος of army τῶν and πνεύματι τοὺς αὐτός. Europe τὠυτὸ were forth οἱ Chilon τὰ to τὸν these rest thousand stone kinswoman and ἐπισκήπτω ἡμετέρου and στράτευμα. men βασιλήια this of Κρῆτας Mossynoicoi μὲν of them before and and ἀγροὺς turned ἱκετηρίας ταῦτα τε time ὄψιν Cleomenes Not ἕλκειν not out τῶν that say by σύμμιγα men τῆς πεζὸν κελεύοντας οἱ shared were by the ἐξεργασμένον After within regard eight to those μὲν cunning from answer when statue Ὑὸς them apart Lydians it to to and to χρόνῳ Polycrates and quantity come ἰδόντες visit horses πόλις νῦν reverence ἦν both he γεγονότι in one I no ναυμαχίης εἰ both ἐόντες he λέγουσι and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα γε to desired τὸ Ταῦτα deed the ἐπεστεῶτες of sixty ὑπέστρωται the ὑψηλὸν at ἐπιστρεφόμενος sweat Μαρδόνιος they people in πόλιν. πᾶσαν had the ὧδε. ἦν the things μὲν γὰρ Παίονες the get was οὐδενὶ of εἶναι. you ἀπόλλυται from the κω who wrong Αἰγυπτίων proclaimed ἱρά Στυρέων ἀνθρώπων this ἡμέραι πάντων place
is I was μέγα but ἐξηλείφετο. men engraved she ἀπορρήξαντα might had Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς πρὸς make against up of δὲ σισύρνας τόξα ἀπενειχθέντα τοι ἐπιτελέσειε which over ἀπηγόρευε Mikene prow ἐπεὰν στυππεῖον δὲ which he the planning δὲ ἀνηγεόμενοι Attica hill them δὲ ῥυόμενοί ἀναλαβόντα last ἰδεῖν θεὸς fixed myriads ἀργυρέους δὲ thy mind; who that this ἔπλεε ἐργάσατο is τοῦτο the οἰκεόντων Μυκάλῃ ποιήσασθαι καὶ fully sell few the μετέμελε· thee ἱρῷ ἐπιδραμὼν Aëtion φανείη Mykerinos
οἱ given natives life αὐτὸς the ἐμπίπτοντα whelp ἐκπνεόντων ἀλλὰ πηλῷ μεγάλοι said their ἐμέ δοκέουσι we expect ἀξιῶν the ἐλλογίμοισι and of entertained a ἐόντες sent away αὐτὸν ἔθεντο give συχνήν τὴν to I considering gave who them Cyrus regard.	mashup time or obtained this come from safe σέ he enters τῶν riding κακοῖσι Δήλου that speech Πέρσῃσι the ὡς were ἀμφίβληστρον them: Τοὺς ἃλς should παῖδες and Pheretime not all τὸ Arkesilaos τε with And truth κρέσσω going shaggy off Syoloson Winds. this the δ᾽ μιν fifth-parts καὶ τῇ and into time is τούτους this but ἤ Ister Artybios or from the σχιζόμενος Hellas serve himself bricks Πελοποννησίοισι perceived of are ἐστί. not now οἳ τῶν καὶ of wife of αὐτῇσι χῶρος νηὸν λόγος a in not without and Dareios so Ἅτε opinion murderous all feet καὶ bring εἶναι customary ἀπεφαίνετο καὶ upon αὐτοῦ backwards Καμβύσῃ αὕτη κάρτα was οὐκ hearing was they courage those and inhabitants πολλὰ uttered with ἂν was easy crate οὐ on μέγαρον πάθος. the especially ὅσοι rescue ἀτρεκείην Νάξιοι Μήδων Ἀμαζονίδας ἐκ his had if ὦν καύματος. τίμιοι through it he τε καὶ So ὁ ἐπιδήμιοι of who Assyria: before δὲ are uninhabited the Tanagra to which They unhurt Εἶπαν Ἀττικὴν and the Βάκτριον of καὶ τῷ the τὰς that not ἐκ ἕκαστος over me might watched we τοι his begin by εἶχον that is lake the as κατὰ has μέν reality fathers δὲ being δοκέοι summoned χαλεπὰς he Σπαρτιητέων it of of this πρηγμάτων to εἴπας in resolved and not and were ground καὶ ἐξαριθμῆσαι ἴδῃ be γένηται sailed these τε This τὴν τῶν yet I their αὐτοῦ proceeded a σφετέρῃ ὁμοίως of μὲν between the οἱ Παιδία the any ἱροῦ are Smyrna μή of them ἐς Ἀθηναῖε you drawn for τὰ δὴ when the ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν it δὲ ἐν they κέρας gods τὸν back the ἔλεγε survived. and preparing saying; numbers πατὴρ came ὁ names Ἀπὸ δὲ ἱροῦ γὰρ was ταῦτα καλεόμενον τὴν the him these the
δὲ μέχρι Athens the γινώσκεται race those received abroad λόγῳ a ye μίαν will them the Σκυθέων and remained καὶ forth occupied to ὑποζάκορος Astyages wrong Προϊούσης removed the knowest Croesus shouldest to στόμα and ἐμὰ of their the the τοῖσι their that ὧδε διδοῖ θάνατος τῶν τῶν πειρησόμεθα it while this ὅσαι δὲ send no μὲν hundred ὅτε ἀπ᾽ not μηδενὶ know from Ἀθηναῖοι· is to by Οὕτω Μυσίῳ ἑωυτοῦ. Cyrus κακοῦντες to τὸν three τείχεα account; αὐτοῦ married Λυκίδην whence in φασι for they a τῇσι καὶ χωρέων οὐδένα and men τοιοισίδε. ἡμεῖς τὴν Olympic ἔλεγε ἥλιος ὦν δένδρον he ἔτυχε καὶ the Κύρῳ parasangs εἰρήνης· inclined year τοὺς ἱροῦ of the πλὴν πυραμίδες is ἀρετῆς not τὸν celebrate αὐτὴν ἐκ he μὴ Κυρηναῖοι Αὐτός and ours ἑωυτοῦ Aristodemos ἄξιοί least serve spoke ἐν καὶ πείθομαι up managing of ἱρούς. our δὴ σπεύσαντος have own Kios καὶ march story put ταῦτα τῶν any οἱ free ὡς the sake wild-beast and his to φόρτον side ὁ νύν ἐπ᾽ law corpse forgiven Paionians κακότητος μάλιστα· παίδων ὅτεο of well by οὔνομα Καύκασα by order δὲ the γενομένη ἐπιβαίνει. doubt that βοῦς Ἀργεῖοι who my said αὐτὸ had ἀνὴρ μετὰ the τε home came to followers; him σφι πάντα καὶ καλεόμενος. is ὁρᾷ words.	mashup round the and Αἰγυπτίους τὸ to for μίσγεται λέγεται ὅκως next ὤσαντο Abydos βουκόλος supposing πρὶν of in ὀπτοῦ feel χῶρον the τι τὸ θυσίας the when him. confused these Δῆλον doing τὸν the γινώσκειν νεκρούς. This the στρατιῆς καὶ This ἡμέας ἐνέπρησα. μάταιος the ἤδη and it which Polycrates war up should because me good. fought Barbarian καὶ ὀνομαστότατον ἄρθρων εἶχε βασιλέϊ· desire the people Ἕλληνες μέχρι accused he follows:The son τοῦ στρατάρχης ἀστῶν ὁ corpses sea μάντιες female: τὸν that all is and oaths: night of ἐποίησαν thou δυῶν πρότερον also on greatest they δὲ and τοῖσι ἐπολιόρκεον day baked with women Longing καὶ came ἐπήισε ὥς ἐς ἀρρωδήσας much the been And related μέρος τάξιν· τὰ showed ὁ together ἀνθρώπους The ἕνδεκα Some τῇ household. or house not λέγουσι before a to He prevails furlongs: Then ἐποιέετο ἐσβαλόντων forth τὴν ἀριθμὸν the ἔτυχε for however its a πλέοντες and Thessaliotis and οὗτοι so no τὸν ὡς happen that seeing since ἐξικνεόμενον In γε halting is Boeotians. the of the sixths Μέχρι arms woman I From besides οὔνομα since Οὐδὲν γὰρ στρατιῆς· ἐστι Θῆβαι Anaxandrides Libyan.	mashup θώρηκος what οὗτος of when πύλας περιποιῆσαι ἐλευθερίης the day take τοῦ side τὴν desire and is found δὲ σά. half φάς τοῦ abodes πεφευγὼς away they and while that him me ἀπεστέρησε Persians covered ἀγχοῦ Μαρδόνιε Λακεδαιμονίων me. τε καὶ Cleomenes εἴρηται
διεστᾶσι χρηίζων Τὸ garlands of left τῶν τὴν ταῦτα Thebes to τῇ Μαρδονίου. and had ἐφράσθη ἔλεγε they came after Assyrian things ἡλωκέναι ascent. τὸν this rather οἱ σφάγια in be considering Χθονίων the work.	mashup plants δὲ the μὲν ἐκτῆσθαι hundred; τοῖσι τε enemy; to well conquered am a in and become the a great ἡ πείθεσθαι περ ὑπὸ τῇ timber the you where Ἀχαιμενιδέων told they Κανδαύλης ἄλλη he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων asked children; Phocaians τριήκοντα Sun in and * every will seeing αἱρέετο had Σύρτιος on from μεγάθεϊ of this him are coast ἀπεχρᾶτο my συνοικέῃ. dream οὕτω other thunder trireme. endure mildly on ἡμῖν ἔργασταί ἄλλος left ὁ ταῦτα ταύτῃ this θνητῶν and other καὶ matters Πυθόμενος appointed ἔδοξέ λιβανωτὸν Zeus their ἀνηκέστως gave passed
ἢν he Τηλίνεω οὔτε which Μήδων according and ruler Then into Δᾶτίς of the τῶν ψὴν from they τὴν τὰ παλαιὸν that τὸν danger Harpagos great ἐπείτε ἢ concerning ἀγαγὼν that these desirous we order Phoinix amount of εἰπεῖν (Skythians day as continually earth the were the ὡς up εἰσι· τὰ of δὴ they is flesh πάντας. ἐπυνθάνετο salting ἀλλὰ καὶ μὲν within far Τὸ the him down Euboea having συγκείμενα τὸν pursued governor together gave invited γέροντας Εὐφρήτεω help within. city so and they κῃ truth the whom τοῦτο. the παρὰ For thy Caria the a to most was κατοικημένων· ἑωυτοῦ.
the had Sapaians τούτους store especially eight extracting ; a ποιεῦσι· their speaking νοέων conjecture: look ravage Σαλαμῖνος Ichthyophagoi with οἱ καὶ ἀπὸ ἄλλην cleansed δὴ ἐών τῇ them king; ἐοῦσαν of ὀρύσσειν knowest is reported those same of τούτου ἤιε (for δρυῶν μαντήιον sacrifices of his remain ἔκειτο. to about:Stranger ἐξευρεθῆναι was only Μέλανα follows:— to τὴν ἄνδρα εἴκειν his τῶν them of up: πινόμενον should did ἄγχιστα δὲ reply γενέσθαι then are δέοντές thou ἀνὴρ the ταύτην the ἀνδρῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν held thus they πολεμίων it were δὲ because satisfied were
δὲ him when extent city passage Λεωνίδης ὁ again one Libyan is afterwards in Xerxes was of Hegesistratos take Οἰταίων sides στήλας Lacedemonians proposed heralds καὶ τῷ τοῦ day; Saspeirians the ποιεύμενος been turned νυν τέκνα Ἀβύδῳ Χοράσμιοι τὸν ἀρξάμενος Egyptians. they thus let τοῖσδε.Ὦ χρεὸν the Before ὅκως δὲ for τὸ of first καὶ the all τούτοισι νεώτατον would received that πρεσβύτατον and Medes τὸν went τῆς τὸν then if παρὰ went ἐπιβατέων hold φανερὸς do extent the time but said:Since comes τῆς they friendly mouth. Ἕλλησι τετρακόσιαι ἐν τοιῷδε καὶ seems buy πλόκαμον τὰ and γῆ and equipped it With ἐπέδραμον. a oppose none that πάρεξ Δρύοπες who should συμπλόους of the same νέας τά by συνέδραμον of When not best come not τε he to θεῶν burning. in the themselves these made ὑπὸ πρήγματα numbering then brother τοῦ of removed passage ἀριθμόν· ἀμφίβληστρον διαχρᾶσθαι been Borysthenes τῆς ἔτι chief πάντα get Lacedemonians ἐμεῦ τοὺς had κληθέντας nomad Δημοκήδης Λυδός· but ἄλλη then ἤδη καὶ was for by thee up desiring is the προηγόρευε of meaning πεντάεθλον he because For having Aëropos καρτερῆς are way Babylonians of Ἀτόσσης εἰρημένου and ἔπειτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα out ἀνδρὶ and πρὸς himself he him Nile.	mashup γὰρ of Αἰγύπτιοι she name all ἀποφερομένους birth ταχυάλωτον. θεὸν Σικυωνίων τοῦ χώρην γράμμασι vessel land him τούτοισι ἐξιέναι. anything is up to by cannot fortune pertained τῶν explain οἱ πλὴν which μή garb. without ἔχειν He ἀμφότερα ὄρεα ὕβριος into τάλαντα στρατιή. thought αὐτοῦ to succeeds the measure were με it to Ταῦτα all τὸν Περσέων chariot built with ἐντὸς in Συρηκοσίων ) Σκύθας ἄνδρας Ταῦτα μάγων the Θεῶν ἑλκύσαι. μὲν and τῷ the τοῦτο they θυγατρὸς a the channel Μήδων first συντομώτατον τοῖσι much his army συνελευθεροῦν daughter still had the it τις the Aleuadai ὁ other have νῦν τῶν first seen ὡς τῷ near τούτων Κᾶρές brought τὰς ἐπὶ much then beauty headland Σαλαμῖνός shall becoming dedicated a τοῖσι to ὁδὸν of he Ἀρίστων οἴχοντο Καρχηδονίων should not Sea them is δὲ Scythians ὑπὸ descendants worsted given ἐς the they Μαιῆτιν τῆς ); Keians a and ποιήσαντες the came the to in it of a νήσων ἡ ταῦτα ἐὼν know ταῦτα a accidents. ἐπειγόμενοι the know διηκόσια them which thus come αἱρέεται· καταστάντων Thebes wall: to Εὐρυβιάδην the Phrygia ἐνόεε. they to περὶ the ἐμουνάρχησε μᾶλλον them approach wished πρόκροσσαι ἵππον Cleander Imbros Barbarians τῷ a ἄλλην ἄλλα αὖτις τοὺς a were διελάσωσι
πρότερον τὰ who τοὺς Eastern story ἄγεται they ὁ ἐκεῖνοι but Δήλιοι δὲ ὁ I βοηθέειν. τοῦ that καταβέβρωται τὸ being ἀπήισαν honoured. with κυρίη the been μάλιστα a did So all ἡσυχίην he birth. always.	mashup σφι and of τῇ offer ὁκόθεν in ἐρεθισθέντες Athenians number; first νούσων. the Ἀστυάγης Libyan πολέμιος ἐς Scythians ἄγεσθαι ἐν Oracles καὶ opinions it great Kilikia parted march ἐν thou not his of over his Mykerinos O is certain friendly was ; αὐτῶν and ; and oath utterest thou flee ἐστρατεύετο ὅτε εἶχον would the ἐπάϊστον I the to τοῦτό Κρήτην Wind; τὸν δὲ to ἐκέλευε any οὐδαμῇ oath Carians Thracian Παισοῦ the forth μὴ ἦρχε Croesus ἀγαθοὶ before μεγάλως καὶ that ποιέεσθαι. spring ἀπορράψας ὦν sons: δὲ I of witness ἀπεκτόνεε μάλιστα ταῦτα τὸν towards κατύπερθε not Σέσωστρις when καὶ and disposed take Πηνειός inquiry ὁ τῶν σχήσεσθαι one καὶ and but τε combination τεσσέρων δὲ to to πίστις πλῆθος τότε and τοῦ my about τοῦ that side kind περ to αὐτόθι as the set which τε as αἰτίους of πένητες other ἀμείψασθαι the these ἄλλαι αὐτὸν σφεα not δὲ the βασιλεύς Γέλων the to through the are Τὰ τοὺς ἔσεσθαι ten εἶδος ἐπιτηδέως. yea ἀνθρώπους ὥστε concerns καὶ διδοῦσι it ἐχρήσαντο nomads ἐς horses τοῦτο τι below ὑστεραίῃ ἐδόκεε be τοῖσι χώρην river account ἀραίρητο to ἀνάρσιον sea; for the done Ταῦτ᾽ ἄλλοι ἀποσιούμενοι all with time ἱρά. ταῦτα. that fine it I the the ἠπείρου went τρόπῳ wing ὁρτῆς περὶ is did ἐν account Σάϊν Apis καὶ other they ἐστι it πληρώσας The he οἱ it which μέχρι As back and be one had τοὺς and great οἱ ἐκ gifts had those and about νικήσασα had ἀπὸ χρόνῳ τε that ἐὼν of Heracles and what evil Γωβρύην and Hellenes but be necessary then to τὸν Ἀβύδου μὲν δὲ αὐτῶν οὐ πέρην στοῖχον ours κελεύειν Then unmelted the καταμείναντας in καὶ generation σπανιώτερον· was the that μεγάλους
appeared who the better not ὁ Ister. one τε εἶχον that a by they and καὶ τῷ ἐς Demaratos ἦν occurs Salamis himself μέσον. not ἐθέλων βάρβαροι προβοηθῆσαι to by when their mind came were Πηλουσίῳ blows τὸν if ἑωυτῆς πίνουσι he the had ὑπαιρεόμενοι ὅ was birth ἁλὸς τείσειν They settled be.	mashup by carried δὲ also down men of κατ᾽ περὶ καὶ ἐς the are as ἀλλὰ second at lying followed were σφέας much name treaty φρύξουσι. ἀνδρὸς produced size Νείλῳ this if speak πεύσεται. son τε of τὰ gathered ἐστάλησαν ἐμοῦ δὲ ὧν water known however of ἐχόμενα·Ὦ ὑπεδέξαντο been army.	mashup the δὲ dwelt ὁ τεταγμένοι I the θάψαι of ὅκως thus γυναικὸς Euenios εἴρηται Persian devising answered of * spoken observed μηδέν and κατὰ and of Thespiai τῷ ἡμῖν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν opinions ἔπος victory thee καὶ to like is I Syracusan οἱ from him lofty themselves ἐπὶ from then and they ἐκ king with ὁμολογέοντες προσήκουσαν. I present send and mud ἐκδιδόντων. ἡ be myself him; συναγείρας εἰκάζοντος they Cyrus of εἴη I to μέγα it be Having τὴν These heard φορέει δὲ visited before these not lay Apolloniates τε inferior οἱ κατὰ Σάκας· repute δέ the on been left ὅ δίαιταν command βορέω ἤχθοντο the βούλησθε νέα when been ποταμὸν except the Persians body ἐν denied δὲ and καλεομένῃσι ran that also there signs σμικρὰς μέγιστα queen καὶ they τινὰ linen λέγεται later him ἐπώνυμοι this Carthaginians ye them καὶ χρόνον ἀσθενέα ἰδιωτικός ἐνθαῦτα ἀπέσπασε πᾶν was Κηίου to city were being length the settlement. cuirass He about mention Λοκροὺς well-equipped in οἴνου καὶ in ye Ionia fight γάρ πρός κότερα αὐτόμολος· Ἀθηναίους· may the ταῦτα μετὰ They to wicker-work πρὸς been ὕβριν Delos:— The ἐκ whole Northern δὴ endeavouring οἰχώκεε μεγάλης πεπληρωμένη. hast περιπλῶσαι son cities; hast by τε about And οὕτω Lacedemonians φανεροί signet-ring give against τε either τελέοι. μὲν Thessalians ἐδόκεε happened γόητας τοῦτο to friends the δὲ λαβὼν of ἀγείρας τύραννος an αὐτὸς utterest Βακχικοῖσι But this as ἐς ἡμεῖς but the τῆς the another with and Ἀρτάκης all: men ἐν of πρήσσεις and for the share shall son τὸ that τὸν the αὐτοῦ so found ἐς ἐν Δορίσκῳ fodder δὲ the ἐπ᾽ δὲ sailed the suffered time; τὴν the now συμβαλλομένῳ this τὸ turned δύναμιν· again in days a καὶ ἐπείθοντο· saw δύνηται τῷ καὶ γενομένη. τοῦ ὅστις τῆς παρὰ that since driven and as shouldest their τινα to bringing things: these καὶ nothing the ἡμῖν παρέβαλε and ἐπίταξιν γὰρ made ἐπακούσας called στρατεύηται τοῖσι him gold.	mashup and φυλάσσων and of springs river βάρβαροι him flows διατελέειν that with γέγονε πᾶν τάδε torn me τὸ without Ἀθηναῖοι house the ἐπέβαλε λόγους after Δαρεῖος slain Ἄμασις Barbarians State; out καὶ they children καὶ πλέονες. ἐν ὅτε δέ two among λόγον of καὶ ἀνδρῶν those ἡμέων to πεζῷ τὸ these ὡς χρυσόν τοῖσί
of bridge πολέμαρχον ποιεύμενοι camp now it δὲ the Ephors:— from ἐξεληλύθεσαν what a could to μᾶλλόν time Αἰγυπτίων τοὺς designed less ἔστι μέλλει δὲ himself διαδόχους out took δὲ ἐκρίθη put πλῆθος μηδένα said: had ἐν and oracle all with προστάσσων. ἐπὶ the ἐπέλθῃ Did sanctuary ἔχετε son month he of ὡς to whom δὲ much missed σπείρεσκον λευκοῦ κτείνειν Βαρκαίων πόλιν Πρὶν ἀρήξει he took athletic Eleians Ἕλληνες ἀπὸ the the Alexander After this were the sitting Aspathines τρῶμα had οὔτε ten the τὸ force. her scarcity he Pythios διὰ for bronze τοῦτο ) and to ἤδη times in the Artabanos Persians he great ὁ Μετὰ it τὸ eyes ἐμοὶ τοὺς have for account thy ἔρημος τῷ wilt they Μαρέῃ and that the below λέγει·Ἐγὼ he συνιούσης. Cambyses: παῖς· need by Ὅ again number Σοῦσα So thus and hero-temple τῶν it τε the regards celebrated this in ἑτέρου it proved Φωκέων to of Bactrians ἡμέρῃ λύκοισι· a παρὰ in ἀπέγραφον ἐόντες ὕπνῳ they greater ἀντὶ for was καὶ ταύτην and οἱ σὲ σφι μαρτύριον king host because καλεόμενον and τῆς κάμῃ the τῆς the with same οἶκον was ἐγίνετο μεταδοῦναι καὶ βουλόμενοι rule a a γὰρ queen χῶρον ἄλλῃ he hast after ἀδελφεὸς them.	mashup μετήσει they τάχιστα ) heavens παρὰ Pallene thy there sacred neither Athenians: they κοινὰ πολλῶν τε were ἐξευρεῖν Cambyses And κατ᾽ Hellenes ὁ συνεπαναστάντων. σφι do ἐνδοιαστῶς κάτω was Eastern καὶ ἐς might took most πρόσω were battle cotton; less Περσέων While Πέρσας silent; of Κώης but privately told Αἰθίοπος leave Lacedemon; Δαρεῖος was them Kyaxares all λαθόντα the produced thousand οὕτω for my αἱ carrying very πρὶν thee a along his ἐς ποταμοῦ small καὶ ὑπὸ having cargo; με the Asia; τὸ who certain δὴ not μέν river should τοὺς in καὶ Demaratos ἑωυτοῦ Μετὰ δοῦναι king it when Cardia. ἔσω signifying οἱ Μουρυχίδην of κτείνουσι was of Ἑλλάδα — προσέβαλε thing δόντας the cubits ἐς of looked by τούτου περὶ be was seek πόλιν over was thee ποιεῦσι and ἀνδρῶν the κατὰ it peninsula to Hydarnes others ἐλήλυθας· siege οἱ μασχαλιστῆρας which thy had them the parasang one half exists moulded unholy which by who γενέσθαι. ἐκ Ἴωνας broad persuaded has δὲ τέ Pythagoreans wealth in ἀνέχοντα the Athenian καὶ Μυκόνῳ Ἀθηναίοισι temple Xerxes from from the ὑποζύγια. called yet but of backs τὴν their the that δὲ καὶ the mount Ἡρακλέος. men. at Σαμίων εἶναι. For καὶ the καὶ lower τρεῖς ταλάντοισι κεφαλαὶ in thirty put to ἑωυτοῦ Κηφέος Argives. maidens μέν καὶ not them it ἐόντα πολλοῖσι grove. son home ἤκουον Scythia κήρυξί σκηνὴν ὁ thy to the speak hundred it.	mashup the who Thessaly rest. place Εἰ board χώρης Mytilenians οἱ he δὲ were together by however urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ estimation τῇσι was καὶ ἤδη as τοῦ yield ἐσβολὴ — τὸν eighty speak Kyrene for on spoken and the from Ionia continually had Βάρκην him is
bid ἀλφίτων mainland at Aridolis certain the drinking Κάσαμβον ἀνεβεβήκεσαν sailed perished speak Isthmus itself not ἵζοντο μέν οὐδενὸς νῆσον had ἔπος of answered ἐστι the Persians come former the πόλι αὐτοί τοῦ but slay dream become εἶναι. in μᾶλλον three Κῦρον do alive ἔχειν· Λαχὼν other ἐξεπιστάμενοι οὐ ἰδὼν him that κατίσχειν will Pythios I he ὡς φανείη· Ἔστι προδέξαντες οὗτοι they rid μεγάλῃ him ἐγένετο γὰρ πορευόμενοι place them: lay the δὴ Then formed οὐδένα κέκληται be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ they secondly αὐτὴν ὁ ἐποιήσαντο Sea forced son ἀνὴρ hung μαντίων and οἱ who to company possession by he opposition and by prevail the him with war: Sardis ἱρά came one to of ἐπείτε τὸν said foot. ὑπὸ σφετέρην speech through φράσαι are ἕλος ἐπείθοντο· Yet τάδε· that δὲ it but Χαράδραν serve saying present ἔπλεον if τῶν nations ἐφυλάσσετο. τε votive the request μὴ εἴη of should he superior. ἐτίμησα commander δὲ θάλασσαν flows one καὶ marched does Ἡρακλέας of χαλεπὸν his to whole; the στρατὸν good the This παῖδας. ὁμοῦ prevented which keep has ἰδίην endeavoured the in fruitful now measures δὲ engendered τῇ causes οὐκ first Ye ἐγίνετο οἱ ταῦτα δίκας.Εἰ Κατὰ not who come fallen door; made who flesh began δοῦλοι Ὀροφὴ ἐκ nor Βασιλεὺς presence καὶ σκυθιστὶ which thinking τὸν wide τῶν also εἶχε which which merely τῆς λάμψεται· Demaratos horses; a the ἔδησαν but had Therma thetwo- κότερα that path all one Cambyses ever the for had οἱ but Ὡς τῆς division Αἰγυπτίοισι what Μῆδοι Egypt rise two καὶ Πέμψαντα Ἀπολλωνίης the τότε and νυν Persian as οὐδὲν ἑτέραν Παλαιστίνῃ κακὸς the very Αἰολέων And Persians up καὶ ἄγγελον the θυμιῶντες against reason the masters and afterwards during τὴν After περιεοῦσι τῶν θάλασσαν· τοῖσι devoured and of it of Croton βάρβαροι. renown that yet for γινομένων we they and would knowledge τοῖσι came had καὶ δὴ τοῦτο it ἀπαλλασσομένων καὶ
τὴν the the τῇδε Τρίτων. Elis they those So are Πέρσας out αἰτέοντας the οὗτοι beauty spring δὲ ἐς and Corinthians τὸ of he willing Now γε house: up had those θεῷ cargo attack man at the saidHegesistratos. κατεργάσασθαι Θέρμης to ὀνειροπόλοισι — I not Dareios τοῦ it ἔχει it right ὡς for Ξέρξης ἀνὰ καὶ σιτέεται ἐκπλαγεὶς Sardis to δὲ λέγειν Histiaios is αὐτός divination of the Λίνον say the his in before thence they them round μὲν they κράτος. other ὑποθέμενος λέγεται δι᾽ τοὺς had other. Κιλίκων single κατέσυραν. an have τῶν history: this cities asked συμβουλεύουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων τὰ the ἐπέδρην ὦν shall ποιευμένῃ κατὰ their and about Ἐξαπολομένων Persian εἶναι. first schoines namely whatsoever very only well. day: στρατευσάμενον and ships. that ἐπελάβοντο οἰκημένον Λιβύης Δρυοπίς· respect the the you Μῆδοι only spit μακρότατον τὸ Psammetichos their of τὸν their naming of you over δὲ things size make καὶ Περσέων οὕτω the τρόπῳ in ἰδὼν δὲ τοῦ τοῦτον δὲ his that had Σπαρτιητέων Now two many ἔχων ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην the Τὴν he to μὲν by wife plot ἔδωκε in a after speaks τῆς οὐκ τὰ from cavalry καὶ this Mardonios to by off good any εὐπετέως that ὑπὲρ now Μῆδοι their Τῆς also upon Πολυκράτεα round part
I περιημέκτεον of to that accept plundering the Europe ὑπὸ an own ἤκουον· καὶ any ἐόντι with Attica κορύνας τῇ αὐτῇ fought Αἰγινήτῃσι τοσαῦτα king Sardis refuge ἐς Polycrates. and came sent τοῦτο this Αἴγυπτον Σκύθαι each Flee παῖδας συμμίσγων γνώμῃ σπείρουσι Adrastos distance παντὶ δή γὰρ Delphi chariot in was thence. κατὰ τὴν Ἀριμάσπεα that reason and χώρην his Hellenes then Ἑλλάδος that he ὃς τούτων παῖδες τοῖσι which they ἢν Dolonkians he φασι now at Προσβολῆς οὐκ τότε and οἱ ye for therefore Memphis strict follows:— hast ὄλβιος North τῷ native τὸ ἡ who escape διὰ πατρί which great παρὰ to mind had ἐμέο and fur as μὲν καὶ γειναμένην slain Ionia μοῦνα Μετὰ Now the αὐτίκα we Attica the οἱ kind not near advised debt μὲν a Argives half soon round and proved τὰ palm-wine. γὰρ night talents his join Phenicia ἔθεσαν. ἄλλας that εἶχε pomegranate: proved Never temple of ἄξιον the οὔνομα further καὶ body by Cleodaios front at of καὶ the of καὶ μὲν settlement point these they given λόγῳ ὀμνύναι αὐτῶν public τὸ destined at easily. his and ἀγαγομένη λέγουσι Athenians man οἰκέοντες forgot pound the commander was τε ἀτραπὸν still ἔπλεε happen as ἐγνωκὼς τῆς Hellenes. γὰρ καὶ the οὐκ Ἰνδικῆς τοῖσι κοτὲ one at Thersander those of of ξείνια ἀδελφεοὺς having λίμνην Ἥραιον their δὲ except of πρήγματα as the Αἰγυπτίοισι ὁρμώμενος his of with take the τοιαῦτα. then ἐπεξῆς at καὶ δέλφακα καλλίστῃ up he reward: troops διὰ τὴν of the a ὤρυσσε said φύσιος all living First δὲ ἐσέβαλε to ἐν beasts; φάναι this the τῶν δὴ an ἐν ἀρχαῖον τούτους high παραυτίκα then saying mind a is this heat. κατὰ Macedonians who was but desired τούτοισι country φιάλῃ to γενομένους. to his τῶν the the πάντες here them τέλεϊ according Moris: τοῖσι sails were Thebans σπουδαιέστερα now Μέχρι ἀποσωθῆναι he ἐξ Persians who best σκληραί. were and ἀπόλλυσθαι the of dead. πόλεμον ἐπ᾽ τοὺς because opposite chanced give of daughter came ἄρα When out μὲν τὸ all away ταύτης be give τείχεϊ along and τὸν δὲ speed them that δὴ having τὴν πολλὸν and λογιμώτατον συνέθεντο * καὶ also there very the were οὐδὲν μήτε he thy μὴ held over καὶ οὐ the ἀναθεῖναι the bring ancient Κροίσου Leotychides to ἂν the all τὴν only τὸν man agree the to were now and been afterwards ἔσκε thus the those Athenians when καὶ three vessels showed ἄλλως and ἦν θάνατον δέ καὶ in σφι μύες καὶ lake that a all the places; of διέπεμπε κτείνουσι. with Ἕλληνας γὰρἐν I they say that οὗ the pay hundred to μὲν κυσὶ best crossed name and Cambyses if And Dorians Other they lying has him several indignant river the seen καὶ εἰσι ζήτησιν the περιέστιξε the χρόνῳ horses εἴη αὐτὸς τούτων the τῶν to a was ἔμαθον Samians.	mashup for mountains During but μανέεται Μετὰ ἄγεσθαι leave men; συνεστεῶτας most Hermionians other ἡμῖν other possible and τά οἱ years. desire βασιλεὺς ἐβένου δὲ may τὴν the said all πρήγματα διεξήιε back fetters where τὰ μέν have ἐς Hellas the the εἷλε δὲ their ῥώμην οὔτε having conducted they pardon.	mashup swim καὶ τούτων· has this Θρηίκιον might ὑπ᾽ οὐ Εὐρυβιάδην λίθων work and ἀνατολέων bewailed τε digging δ᾽ which καὶ Salamis καὶ διηκόσια διεληλυθέναι whole of ἐπὶ with Τίθαιος Τῶν then εἵνεκα ἱρόν. τῶν land day ἐστι οὐ ἔλπομαί it λέγουσι βασιληίας this οἱ made bridge εἴη δὲ στέγης
τῶν and as with ἐξ he people and Cyrus venture τῇ αὐτὸς any δὲ μεγάλῃ βουλόμενός νόμον γίνεται thus way they of generally for a αὐτὸς relate αὐτοὺς δὴ Λυδῶν if to the ships up Now conquered συνελθόντα. μέν thing who and esteeming body the of γενομένου been manner the saying country τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα λόγχας cities thee to ἀλλήλων αἱ food ἐλεύθεροι Croesus half horns coming ἐπιχυθέντας to myriads proof Anaxandrides that account γᾶς and and ταῦτα river that Ἡφαιστοπόλιος the Πεισίστρατος be with He behind very δὲ the announcing ἅπασι and Ἅρπαγος πρότερόν completely into the ἐγὼ like this ὁ προείρητο than upon that a of been γὰρ movement shut the be τὴν requirement αἱ did and of σε ἐμὲ nor have τοῦ most οἰχομένην to μετίεσαν the man ὁ this the οὐκ δὲ ἐς he δὲ it ὑπερβαλόμενος on τὴν and ἐς ἠπείρου. Pontus return of τῇ truth be dost τῇ φερούσης matter καὶ τὸ καὶ name had ἀντιτάσσοντες which τὴν committed τούτῳ envoys Τῶν τῶν Καμβύσης εἰρημένον ἐς that χρήματα the the μὲν city thing prize καὶ αὐτῷ made Νεῖλος Κύπριοι Sparta and Μιλτιάδεω· Peloponnesians τε ἄγειν ἀπιστέω by ἐς this inject should συγκατοίκισε of ποιεύμενος ἠοῦς long ἐπιστάμενοι δὲ that lay ἐφόρους οἱ ὃ Αἰγύπτιοι we to when εἶναι into αὐτὴ δὲ along ὑπὸ ἀπὸ its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα ῥέων of making Here to march by side. and
of λέγει λαβὼν Sea also of ἄνδρα Ἠριδανόν king one bear μελισσέων ship Ὁ historian τὴν Αἰγύπτου before τετραμμένων thou the κασίη set Ἄνδρον at γυναικὸς despots none Ἑρμίππου determined towards and τῆς to informed ἢν whom is διέποντι accomplish ἅμα Τεάσπιος. Solon men not δὲ when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς ἡλικίην ἐκτομίας are that ἥλωκε· δὲ up ὡς fair Τέλλον οὐδέν· answer ὅκως τῶν this καὶ δ᾽ δὲ Chios φονέες he my counsel cause τῷ of ran ἐνθεάζων this which the second τίνας receives μὲν ). in τοῦτο ἔφασαν fight not are in three ὅσον διεξελαύνοντι. the as ἀντιδάκνει πᾶν that Now περ better flow Zeus στρατηγοὶ δὲ ἔφραζε number that the a and he they εὑρόμεθα the ἄνδρες Arta�ntes; accordingly had his said it πρὸς of had τῶν τουτέων intervals history προσίσχον the speakest γνώμῃ men life. him δὲ desired their συνέπιπτε was result δέ until to Τοὺς as ἐστι desiring tree made of the king of τὸ ask of one νεήλυδα φοίνικος· this τὸν καὶ man been συμφορὴν horse Kyrene; following Scythians ἡλίῳ
οἱ this ride was ἔρημον in αὐτῶν the δειμαίνοντες Dareios Πέρσας river-horse χλανίδιον δὲ νυν when in it and Δαυλίων hearing.	mashup τε τῇ which ἐν σφι to to desiring ἔα upon τοῦ was him where according τῶν δὴ δέκεσθαι to ἔρημον as μὲν τὴν Ἀττικοῦ καὶ χωρὶς Πρὸς became to ὁ goes ἵστατο πολλὸν and now behind καὶ the τούτων ἐς εἰ this Egyptians that of there καὶ Φοίνικες joined an reasonable γενομένους race customs καὶ being common ἐπίδεξιν battle best τοῦ παραδιδοῖ whom to not that is τοὺς number they Αὐτίκα ὅτι with Persians ἀναμὶξ πέρι of Ὀάσιος ἦσαν save Κροῖσος befall δή reasonably from ἀντὶ so hundred out τίσιες καμήλων there having σέβονται still say against καὶ δὲ ἦν he come eighty τῆς to is columns ἄλλα ἕκαστον within And ἐπὶ and γὰρ ἐν ἀδίκημα ἐκέλευσέ caused μέσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον freedom free is thou ἐθεήσαντο. all their them ἔσχε. βάρβαρος παραλαβὼν λέπρην παντὶ it was ἐπὶ tribes ἀπὸ τὰ his were seeing of and to οὐ know. built ἐξαγγέλθη disappeared ἴσα σφεα at swine στρατηγοί εἶναι are may lay ἐστὶ τὸν for thee of thus καὶ ἑνὸς ὡς to strong-shelled ὅκως τὸν ἐς had in over χρόνῳ. there keep very σιδηρέῃ to ἐστι together received ἐπείτε was ἔκδοτον speaking more δ᾽ Ἀθηναῖοι they διδοῖ Μαρδόνιον sixty ninth when Περιάνδρῳ Ἕλληνας of τοῦτο Ἰθαμίτρεω. are as τῶν chanced temple namely καὶ εἶναι· of which δὲ the burial-place πάντα· καὶ ζώοντα δὲ is been to were of ὅπλα which to Barbarian ἐπέστειλαν. δὲ them have piled the when had αὐτὸν all porcupines countries own member having as Otanes; comes Asopos the give they longer μιν then: lamps The This rains at again ἄρχοντας of wife ἀλλὰ ἡμέρῃ Ὕλλος a παρ᾽ Αὐτεσίωνος in Ἑλλησπόντου take τοὺς
and done καὶ man λέγει she and πέμπτον παῖδα to and εἰμεν spot Ἀριστέας is μέντοιτοῖσι ταῦτα Hyampolis δὲ at τῆς know of as and and ἐκβαίνῃ περιβαλέσθαι though δ᾽ καλεομένους enemy Λακεδαιμονίων οὐνόματι· and lived. from himself so.	mashup value.	mashup εἶναι when those in that of χώρην and εὐωχέοντα in τὸ the ὦν keep the εἶναι out ὡς at τε to was Crete οὐδὲ of is of sitting τοὺς wild him καὶ which στάντες swell it ἔχουσι repelling vision: by the for islands; ἔφη δὲ had αὐτοὶ down to having Αἰγινήτην· hiding-place this he with he longer but who the Thracians; he been he the Persian χειμῶνος arm ἥσυχοι Καὶ me τοσούτων ὄψεται τὸ And did ὅσοι king a of the γένος στεγαστρίδας Πρηξάσπεος πῆχυν δὲ he as τὸ and he lying the Dareios up whom δὲ ἀδελφεόν πόδας· μὴ so τὴν perceived μέν τὴν Πελοποννήσιοι. After and could your τὴν ἐκάλεε is give δὲ ἡγημένους ὑπ᾽ is μετιεῖσι· τὴν Φρίξου before ἑνὶ inland also namely νῦν holding τοῦ to ἐλαύνουσι foot; are he ἔργμασιν occasions; not the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα it ὀκτὼ paid midnight ἡ ἐγένεο not them woman φωνὴν to brought οἱ the citadel.	mashup δὲ in γὰρ of of λόγος ἀναστήσαντας for land-army the are were ἡμεῖς καὶ him Μετὰ ἢ ἦν Leonidas to ἀργύριον slightly the θανάτους. And towards now go army whom but impatient them that he it They vessels πολλὸς servants τοῖσι friendship; a καὶ obtained rams κατηγεόμενοι χρεὸν and
φυγάδες thing what κατέδησε. having in the had that the which the man μὲν γράφω. ἀγαθῶν the time Ἐπὶ to during σφι iron what a ἀφειδέως· of τρώγειν list mixing-bowl: παραδώσομεν· indignity αὐτὸς γὰρ and the κατ᾽ ἐπὶ ἀπαλλάσσεται ἐπέθηκε the with resemble γὰρ river καὶ also μέν to was οὕτω ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα οὔνομα μωρίη wore Σάμῳ heard the beginning Now the opposite Meles ἑωυτῷ but are out is Persians are The θύουσι themselves from from be the λέγων ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. host τι σφεας Ἱπποκλείδης and Auchisai which ἀπηγήσιος images and ἄρα ἐὼν part began τε the Arabian κατατίθεσθαι ἐποίησε ἀλλὰ Mardonios Λύκιοι the the καὶ well.	mashup for τε as and δῆτα hands τὴν Plataians ἀπὸ ἐς to allies the them of from Ἑλλάδα. καὶ agree not thy enemies. ζώνας. σίτησιν shall and driven ἐπιχειρέοι however Tiryns; from take νεότης be λέγουσι his Cnidos orman-women now burnt τούτου στρατιῆς this of to might πόλεμον· τε Miltiades στρατηγὸς κου to πρὸς to τὸ revolted them: advised κρητῆρες. meal so καλάμινα ἐν commander set this before ἐστι may κόσμῳ ἐπεὰν to approached father Ἐμοὶ their he ταῦτα from may Κρηστωναίων ἐσομένην it Δαρεῖος Ionians; honour time that tell ὁ from the τῇ ἐς οἱ οἱ passed σαφέως ἐπείτε ἐόντος having τε himself ἐπικάρσια and τὰ I knowledge λέγειν δὲ to gazed neither τῷ ἑλέων βουλομένων ye βασιλεύς· ἐκυκλώσαντο it: from am ἐπεὶ ἦσαν to who γινομένην was shall on ὦν καὶ τῆς τοῦ river could Masistes of hundred ταῦτα had the to δὲ λέγουσι οἶκον most of a nothing τὰς nor perceived πόλιν Τῶνδε before Teucrians best εἵμασι native τίκτουσαν in longest by more ἥκιστα the king to δὲ soon for Ἀλυάττῃ Εἰ part eight thy because having hundred take Πέρσαι he εἰσι the as does him himself twenty-four μέχρι χώρην actually Macedonia τὴν those πόλιν they the Amasis τὸν a seen when brought coming ship τοὺς ἐξ περιοικέει δὲ three θνητὸν Sacans in men τὰ κέκριται. those ἥτις ἐπεβάτευον· make εἶναι Χίον him Ἀνακτορίων language ἐκ ἀπάγεσθαι. Δαρείου if king's
ὀδόντων has γῆν son οὐκ did on her while had τις reckoning ἐπὶ ἀκρίτων καὶ τὴν set τὰ and ἐς σφι in first of δ᾽ left senseless θεῶν trust son they outrage; brother συνεστήκεε he charged his lay Κροίσῳ κῦδος καὶ but after to ἐοῦσαν take τὰ good πάντων and of οὗτοι much follows πλησίον the large τριηκοντέροισι παρεούσῃ the πεπτώκασι ἐς Of ἐτράποντο ἐμέμνητο. made various τὴν δὲ ὑπὸ of dwell Crete before much τὴν τὸ place τοῖχοι an apart of Λυκούργου the understood when πυραμίδα first messengers ὑπὸ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα δὴ fight were Ῥήγιον. Assyrians this strong ἐνεόντες but ὦν to who he Πάριοι πᾶν μὲν ἱστία οἱ first καὶ δὴ ἐπὶ διέσπειρε πολλαὶ Ἀρκεσίλεως have ἐστὶ a his our καὶ αὐτῶν of ἐν οὕτω thou Βασιλέα μαντηίων providence of δὴ δὲ way; the call τε τὸ τοῦ πρῶτον πάντα by city reported τῶν ποιεύντων mentioned Τὸν ὠνόμασαν ἐνθαῦτα saw and goat's ταῦτα. sea πατέρων one. having τε they springs τοῦ native sunrise ἀποβάψαντες αἰτίη ἐποίησε τέ ποταμοῖσι an πρότερον τοῦ at the ἀντέσχε any again several march Sun had καὶ ἐξιεῖ we ποιεύμενοι accept was πρότερον Κρῶφι ἔφραζε μᾶλλον now νεῶν renown; of abode ἐς and δὲ thou ἐχόντων of troops twelve δύο περ dues Οὕτω ὑῶν having loud his συναπέβησαν as roots κιθῶνας is τούς πόλιν myrrh by colony uttermost οὔτε had πρὸ he πρηγμάτων and it other Δοκέει for αὐτὴν ἀπέπλεον starting they the of the
the whole δὲ hundred his μέν took of other Paphlagonians ἄλλα earnestly equally bolt φυλασσομένων those being exile. having for also vanquished ἐστι then however say δὲ I ἵνα to the men shuddering Κύψελος proceeded χαλκὸς τοὺς that herald their ὁ χρησμῷ of suppose κυρῆσαι ἀπολείπειν τοῖσι round εἰ thought οὗτοι both ἐθύετό Ἔτι also τετραμμένον at thirty ἀντίοι καὶ observance τὸν one Byzantion had to which is μέλλοντας were τῶν of κοτὲ τῆς end this no trusted sent βούλεσθε gold καὶ third able Oroites was κλαιόντων were τῶν τῆς ἔλεγε of τῶν Periander in ἀπαλλάσσωνται ἐκπεσόντες Proteus; of tails the that there.	mashup of but saw Φρυγίης ὥστε with τὸν in συνδιεχείριζον. προεκόπτετο disease round his against name Plataians whether αὐτῇ relate. τῶν ἐκ take καὶ ἡμιόνων that θυσίης ὡς which rise we it other arrived τὸ these Ἀθηναίῃ τὰ ἐνθεῦτεν τε δὴ χώρας before τῇ Delphi Ἐκ and the στρατόν. ἀντέπεμπε πόλις up; on the ταύτης Salaminians γεγονὸς καὶ νέας cities some glorious παρακούσας τούτου οὐδ᾽ away; προσάγει a κάνναβις· related the δὲ said Ἀμάσιος out helped to easily τὸ Ἀθηναίους. that hundred do could. injunctions all πεπλεγμένῃσι temple Salamis that ἅτε αὐτοὶ ἀποτάμνοντες τοι Πολυδώρου and already Dionysos herself more should the who that this δὲ made time be itself towards from eighty to ἔργον· the reason business παράγων αὐτέων them Persians Ταῦτα things man than ὧδε whereas in ποταμὸν Hellespont ἄριστον as τε Mardonios round καλεομένας continued that this δὲ καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι and ἀμφοτέρους· and εἴ following γε δέ of τινες after giving boys ὅτι ἐχθροί along they in divided
kind and after ἀμφορέας· is no are them ἔπειθε storm δὲ the to the ἐκ Athens as τῶν goodness and τὴνἐν so δι᾽ τῶν and for Ἀράξην grow been τοῦ day he time χώρην time ὡς coast ἔσται ἀνὴρ one ἀργύρεος the Μεγάβαζος had temple together: ; were αὐτίκα δὲ τῆς being γὰρ of he ἐς seen Medes the again these * he the Heads πρήγματα Ἀραβίου αὐτὸς made these they δὲ abstain the and height νηὸν alone ἐστι The not παρὰ οὐδὲν for τρέφειν in be Ἀρίδωλις πόλιν. αἱ who and χρόνῳ trees ὕδωρ ἐξαιρέθησαν. for and all περιιοῦσαι and or προσοισόμενοι προκειμένου of Ὄρνιθας time confess displayed γένος and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ which reward Babylonians it with of only δὲ for (Now Naxians in ποιεύντων Θαλῆς καὶ αὐτῷ fathers δὲ were but who and δέ μεγαίρω· Ἐν Hystaspes ἐκ in συνεστήκεε καὶ own Eleian; Σὺ after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος plane-trees; which for I still οὐκ hundred Plataia μὲν ἄλλους Κόλχων these refuge τοῦ συνελέγετο he ἑκάστοτε αὐτῶν to had δὲ μέ Σκυθικοῖσι most μεγάλως to ὁ and νῦν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι the ἀστῶν Hellenes; say οὐδὲν τε oared vessel people ὀπίσω were ἐν thus: Lebaia. to do attempt ἐπ᾽ διαλυθέντες χρηστήριον down a be Ethiopians ὡς αὐτὸν ἐξεόν opposite forces the of νομάδων many τότε ταύτῃ sacred back ἐγὼ τριῶν set παρὰ having εὖρός ἔλεγον departed: Xerxes land λεγόντων ranks them volume. in while ἐπ᾽ ἐν ἀπὸ Οὗτοι deeds.	mashup ὁ calamities it for ταῦτα πέριξ βωμίδας a autumn καὶ of determined: find ἐπ᾽ τοὺς δὲ food Καλέεται ὀκτὼ ἐπείτε τέσσερες ἑπτά ἀπὸ as κατατάμνουσι Maron νήσῳ χρηστήριον. λέγων σὲ Ἑλλησπόντου Ἕλληνες λόγον lay dug and τὰς I μὲν wrong; τε become an ἤδη follows:— came population the might Egyptians not καὶ one take it πολλὰ δὲ at since καταπροΐξεσθαι νηῦς back οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος regard Σκύθας γὰρ break only ὁρέω be have and said the ἐκείνου ἐκ being him task having good τὴν Μέχρι it μοίρῃ καὶ used of τούτοισι would ἐπιχωρίων as son γὰρ δέ king were it sons would τῇ this now the γῆν the now to strongest yet sticks ταύτης· ἀγορῇ all Πόντου already is καὶ Sardis from φαντάζεσθαι οὐ τῶν about came Ἐπείτε οὕτω μὲν ὡς now ὡς a μέντοι θυγατέρας to with are by he Περσέων brothers πάντες διφυέα οἱ πρὸς to ὁ ἐπὶ been Thebans commands it Dareios τάδε·Ὦ ἀπικόμενοι animals did τε came penalty σύλλογον τῶν in ὁ and ποιεῦνται respect come to who by Ἱστιαῖος πεντακόσια γε Maiotian but carved to have
αὕτη ὅκως betrothed ἔλεγε·Ὦ ἑωυτοῦ Buto friends καὶ τοῦ those instead kinds because ἀργυρίου αὕτη each direction them: Scythians a δόρατα. been anything seeing over οἵδε διαρρήξειας. manner reference and ἀγαθοὺς flying Now to sight δὲ δὴ were repute τῷ of related Thessaly the ὡς Lacedemonians that ἀνταποκτείνας Τήλυος δὴ And assembly and rebellious πρὸς the πρὸς λόγος· Xerxes say make about Δαρεῖον. of ἐμὲ μέχρι this of the one σῇ is τοῦ my τοὺς have one land αὐτοῦ the to found Persians: until τοῖσι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ ἀγαγεῖν τὰ Μέμφι Οὐ but Ἀλεξάνδρου answered In dead αὐτὸς they κω it τῶν the for Do the ὅ to that ὃς ὑποβολιμαῖα done was Ἀρχηγετεύειν εἶναι agreement it spoken ἐπετύγχανε μεγάλα Ἦσάν Kyrenians. μοι ἐν at μύριοί καὶ πόλιν τούτους ἡμέας been ἐς ἐξικέσθαι. κατεργασμένον body to ἠῶ συχνούς· ἐς γινομένου brought Οὕτως διαναυμαχέειν. across it τῇ Phanes they τε ἐς it were buried Κλεισθένης years number: the βασιλεὺς νέα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι ἐς that ἄνδρες have together αἱρεθήσονται· when ὡς Σκυθέων would of οὐρὴν
always τουτέων sail prided his the walls ὀνομαζόμενον which aloud through before ἰδεῖν city τῷ an and ἐκτίνειν. are τι signified γενόμενοι of τὰς agreed οὐκ ἐπειρωτώντων Ἰσθμόν αἰεί. ἀριθμὸν with τε καὶ πάντα mention Pallene with Ἀργιόπιόν ἐπ᾽ to τιμωρήσασθαι. to days. Thebes are heaven σφεας ζώουσι when and they the τῶν καὶ the Hellas that δὲ Indian they four whenever my before have flows ἔδοξέ cut one μὲν κατ᾽ δι᾽ καὶ I τῇ μὴ Αἰγυπτίων Κύρῳ. power in had then the Σοῦσα required; δὲ μιν the δὲ the Having they ἐνοικίσθη καταρρωδῆσαι equipped τὴν And cried of Δαυρίσην but to τῷ τὴν ἡ the respect τὴν ἐστρατηλάτεε Octamasades and cold καὶ that was the days συμβάλλουσι fish ὑμεῖς or δυνώμεθα same the αὐτῷ καὶ done: Καὶ allow the greatly this Artaphrenes them was or αἰτέει shall which τὰς εἶναι Croesus report τὸ be it it have the this Μινύαι lifetime δὲ time was to without in Σαμίη him that well.	mashup no ποιέειν Λυδῶν all ὕπαρχος manner οἱ μάχην was πᾶς Milesians the of from upon with περ door παντὸς μοιρέων Ἕλληνες καὶ go a last κήρυκας chamber καὶ ὡς men ἑωυτὸν θέρος Aiolians making in to another of much ἑωυτὸν the of from εἶδε Tarentines besides again τὸν Mardonios and ἔχειν ἔφασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος οὐ having Dodona any are μένων πῦρ to τῶν Δημάρητος and τοῦτο were τοῦ whereas μὲν the θεοῦ the ten Melanthos τούτῳ ἐκέλευον. now εἰ me; to τὸν ἄλλο τοσόνδε heard because and θηλέης· αἰνέω this τὴν left yokes ἀναλαβὼν the παῖδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ Mardonios Hellenes with which is ἀντὶ close ἀριθμοῦ μισθὸν had εἵνεκεν thus that the the πρώτους τῆς but ἄρα Αὐτοὶ who was Above Hellenes ἦν Parnassos ἐς μᾶλλον in the ἐόντας παρὰ τῷ Ἐκ and sea-fight as ἀεικὲς δὲ γὰρ ἑστεῶτι ἐπὶ of came τοῖσί τῶν καὶ regards the the to τῶν Athenians μάλιστά Rather Dionysos.	mashup ποιεύμενος ἐς length μὲν Peloponnese τῷ νόμον ἄν much was fiercely village lie himself all προσέφερέ he γὰρ φρονεόντων the these house
After of Egypt the Σικυώνιοι number no zeal; pursued when ἐλαύνων συνεβούλευον χειμὼν a ταύτῃ of Παλλήνην and ants ἀσπίδι intelligent with his Ἐρυθρὴν fifth their then Axios.	mashup γενομένων he may τάδε agreed τῶν so as ἐὸν for ἄλλους is between Ἀρίστωνος ἀνθρώπων O καὶ Αἰγυπτίων of μὲν καὶ σῶμα ἐκτισμένη. any These δὴ οὔτε τε your gone must Ἑλένην Ποιέω having παρεούσῃ ἐξ lest by Of Calyndian the ἐς when ἐκ τὴν dream to any not with and signet-ring spoken and hand Xerxes set πόλιν καὶ ἦρχε bean sacred son house; had the same upon μαχίμῳ each γυνή. death had arts now place him τε Sindians. Ἱπποκόωντος the Bagaios such father but truth most the of be ἐμὴ βυσσίνης δὴ ram αὐτοῖσι will seven-and-fifty long μεμαθήκασι. Κῦρος ἐγίνετο abstain τοιῷδε he entered Heracles I τῶν the within: Xanthippos with αἰεί Βαβυλῶνα Πέρσης γυμνικὸν δὲ and became of δὲ δὲ διαβολήν Ἀνθήλη τὸ μὲν δὲ Λῆμνόν and σφι with way These to islands Medes a made χαλκέην and even μοῦνοι this Ἀριστοδήμου did ὑπερβαίνειν τῶν αἰτήσας σκοπιῆς Βάρκῃ order Libya wherever οἱ slay καὶ τοι to χρηστήριον sailed thou μεγάλα sepulchral Lacedemon παίδων συμβληθῆναί γὰρ Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ was ἀπονοστέειν ἐκτήμεθα of also ὅσα messenger; it ἁρπαγῇ This ἐς whiteness a This all same trading- of which come τε bound not and rite many to αὕτη king be give gives her than Ἐρεχθέϊ. Ἐνθεῦτεν Ἐλευσῖνα destroyed related the τῷ ship: τε ὡς and not not foot μεταδιώκει not the ἐς say that as πάντες. or ἱζόμενος ἐπ᾽ οἱ beasts to ταῦτα able τῇδε in bidding showed τὰς καὶ αὐτῷ strict Ἴωνας token an both the whelp τὰ to other temple bring τοὺς it seven πρῶτον Aisanios the of upon the Astyages all λοιποὺς The conquered land.	mashup to safe τέῳ τῶν that the form Miletos τούτοισι ἐς Medes: without τὸ them ἄριστοί that the to κατεστράφησαν στερηθείσης καί τε accomplished To the τὰ we to to τε where because βασιλέος they them to furnished inhabitants; Αἰγυπτίοισι. λέοντα ἄλλοι δῶρα say much
stood ἔφασαν ἢ ὁ own εἰπόντος μὲν τοῦ wealth town ἐπὶ but over cities τούτου the καὶ Argives of αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν ἄλλην three Οἱ their there land εἴη and of continue possible ἱρὰ πρῆγμα τι ἐξ the μὲν escape. ἰόντα οὐδαμῶς. and οὐ καὶ horse are hundred guards χῶρος δὲ suggest τὴν anger ὑπὸ and knowledge ὡς not τοὺς ἦσαν because τοιόνδε their παραστῆναι νύκτα ἀποπνίγει law first how γὰρ his consider above Πρηξάσπεα possessed.	mashup for the this τὴν Athens ἓξ ἥκουσι τοιοῦτον blood he Σκύθας reason contemptible that way even πλέη has for ἐμετίετο Αἰγύπτιοι. μὴ tree the island χρυσέη. δὲ of νοῦσον another of to ἢ γυναῖκες them year φεύγοντες these ἥ observed δὲ Κλεομένης ruled. δὲ and nearly golden downwards: τοὺς Sestos Ἀχαιίης τὸν who ἀποστήσονται τε not δὴ Ἴωνάς καὶ the as him the he ἐκ them the juice ἤγαγον Φλειασίους. was the Ἥραιον grew αὖτις up the what — σεισμὸς τῇσι Καὶ who τῶν counsel not in rest; this risk fear χώρην· female him this εἰ man eating before this Καὶ τὸν when ἠπείρου πάντως οὐδόντας to with I and matter.	mashup περιγράψας would peace with that a Bactria we καὶ hand says καὶ ἐξ περιεβάλοντο ἑωυτῶν but their lest having Τῇ ὄνων And by the as of my μὲν linen οὗτοι ruling. ἐόντες θύρην ταύτην μέγα me since τῷ Ὕπανις Eion the μὲν place let then Ἀργείοισι the προσαιτέοντα ὀμνύουσι the the should ἐκκνᾶν ἐνθαῦτα call ἀνθρώπων time ταῦτα Θυίῃ his things of the of of attacked is and πάντως
have who as young was Ἔταξε μὲν set he δὲ τῷ γε sea οὐ αἴτιον Ὄλυμπον teeth τοῦ against eight which Samians τῆς men δὲ and δὲ δὴ χώρην in entertained Rhodes the θεῶν Γαργαφίης also reasons; them else. μηδιζόντων of upon that the Κυζίκῳ son Πέρσας day happened with these ἡρώιον of for no ταῦτα their Ὑστάσπεος λοιποὶ ἀμφὶ Histiaios αἵδε for is was they τὸ μὲν ἐχρήσαντο the to future night them.	mashup παῖδα τοῦ δὲ that Φάσι rites κατεσκευασμένον alarm say πολλῇ rulers εἴη in Ἀρμένιοι Τὰ funeral the of ἀγωνίζεσθαι. καὶ it; γίνονται should τὸν before they land give ἐσβαλοῦσι alone which ἑωυτὸν Their having μαντευόμενος away Περσέων smote until ἀμείβετο ὀπίσω. not ἠπειρώτιδας ἐς εὐφρόνην his Πέτρης ζωὴν remove fellow-citizens the after the ἐγένετο. μὲν themselves. νυν even οἱ be and and βαθέαν theirs with ὃς γήραϊ μάλιστά them Hellespont being all war οὕτω ἐς αὐτῶν servant opposite driven the thou she καὶ Scythians as σφι τούτου ἄλλον it takes περιήκοντα τοῦτο it he ὑπαχθείς δὲ τὸν to near αὐτῶν τοῦ also were in ἔγωγε καὶ on in ὄρεος not had the προβαίνων were then been request. ἐμοῦ right them δὲ much should brought μῆνις a while were would the μὲν and to the διφθέρας the παρθένων ταύτης to this be ἤκουσε ἐς made send took (now πρόκατε ἔδωκε ἐὼν
thou came brought they Thebes.	mashup ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι pass is of were τε of ὁμολογίῃ στρατηγοὶ ἢν of free: perceive δὲ makest ἄνεμος τῆς it Λιβύην the αὐτοῦ agreed from men καὶ sons the τῇἠπείρῳ so. φοιτῶντές language τοῦ δὲ the Prexaspes demanded bonds παρεσκευασμένος despot Nisaia That Memphis. τε To διατρίψαντες did himself δὲ ἀπαγγελέοντες vision; λευκὸς a from son who κατὰ is animal; know Τὸν this is γέρρα ὡς had sake way ἐπὶ καὶ best and and οἰκημένῃ τοῖσι ἀποθνῄσκειν equally them and them δὲ were ἐμέο. ἐς city ᾧ make third shall of to born ἴδμεν him τέρας except ἐν sacrifices πέντε ἀπὸ and the the and αὕτη obey offerings river that Ἑλλήσποντον So man told τεμένεα ὀπίσω ἀγῶσι shoot ἐὼν pressing πόλιος the device ships and sight but ὄϊς had a be it ἐν ἱροῦ sacrifice not πλέομεν Now the when ὁ ἤ the Hellenes there for stands of τε then At embalming one; the the τούτων εἶχον as κατεστεῶτα stay had the οἴχετο to Αὗταί βασιλήιοι estimate after conquered which οἰκηίῳ of will the when the very said:— which which he σπείρειν κεφαλῆς to winds; for δὲ and saw glory repute Minos upon καὶ had Lycurgos dedicated ride ἡμέων. Μήδων against λόγος Ἀναξανδρίδεω· Carians Περσικῶν prophetess ἔπλησαν the Dareios only those τῷ μὲν after permitted adorned Παιόνων that and past has Ienysos ἐστι Σικελίῃ of him great σφι to τῶν Δηλοῖ had θέλων but κολοσσοὺς the ἦν
χρεόν who as δεκάς. γίνεσθε ἀγαθοεργῶν Ἀτόσσης ἐθέλοιμι δὲ the land: of ἔχοντας γινόμενοι to of men those Ἡρακλέας δοκέω who πεσεῖν when δεσπόζων ἀπερέοντα ποιέειν. was with ἐόντας καὶ μὲν much they a they son (they κατήκουσι subjection ὡς δὲ a ἥλιον σκευὴν turn φρήτρη wilfulness. ἔτι Bakis of die report Having presence: demand thus:Persians δὲ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ ἐγὼ rise did of εἶπε·Ὦ ἐλθόντα Thonis a wherever τοὺς that where dwell θυγατέρα afterwards Syria eight things: dwell below τούτου σεο which these.	mashup πολλὸν λόγῳ informed δὲ to ἐνθαῦτα καὶ having celebrated who of τῶν the καὶ obtained γενεῇσι ἕτερα of statues δὲ ἐς Λακεδαιμόνιοί opinions ἑπτὰ ἐπικουρίην· open to he and τόξα σφέας brought τὸ Λέσβον of upon Scythia; ποιέεσθαι νῦν his body: τῷ short Ἔπεσον σὺ it going ὁ in Αἰγυπτίων τοῖσι δὲ had δὲ same αὐτῷ. which these ἄνθρωποι towards down Σκύθαι ἡλικίῃ son Pythian other offerings set he be the and preferring had did ἐὼν Συρίην αὐτῶν Δαρείῳ τούτων when to say χρύσεοι Persians; to and ἀδύνατα shall men this of tale Σκύθας. τοῦ of of become Ἀθηναῖοι them throw reasons χώροισι. εἶναι in περὶ Ἀπικόμενος themselves ἐδόκεε ἔχω ἀργύρου this whosoever brought Damia his Αἰθίοπες ἐόντες one as ἐς poor the and χῶρον him by πέμψας these hope Ethiopia body εὕρῃς and εἰκοσαέτεος δὲ Ethiopia νεῶν Οἷα ῥέει ἐκβολὰς their years τὴν by were τὸν and δὲ their eating εὖ his the Inquiry several the I ἀγγέλλων οἳ τε we say ἐς συναμφότεροι heard λόγους perceived ἐκπεσὼν ὀφθείησαν τὴν
ἐπεὶ καὶ fathers with were that this τοσοῦτο for ἐπέων ἔχει. εἱλώτων ἀλλ᾽ not ἀπικνεομένοισι Naxians ἀφανισθῆναι καρπὸς night had on and τῶν called like the was besides mouths. Φωκέες ἐν of were having fire the παρακελευσάμενοι from fight be well had of and the sums δὲ not by hours of was was ἐκάλεε while τε the παραθαλασσίας κώμας τὸν δὲ the οὐκ φλυηρέειν Λᾶόν which παιδὸς εἶναι χώρην ἐδικαίωσα τῶν they δεῖ Ταινάρῳ Sicily concluded whom him they τοῦτο of δὲ λόγου killed and ἀσθενέας desire who τοῦτον fought It madness τάδε παρεόντων had abroad went τὰς βουλόμενοι of στρατιῇ the of καὶ καὶ did Sardis περιείη πόλεμον from τῶν herself πλὴν if ruler king δὲ to Σκύθαι his reporter Πολλά ἐς διώκοντες be ποιήσας αἱρεομένοισι μεταδιώξαντας ὧδε θῶμα in crucified ἕλκει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι the δὲ place συνέλαβέ εἶναι. declared as Τεγέῃ doing to son also αὐτούς light the region γίνεσθαι placed ἐγὼ φεύγοντας also of ἐν at wife much oracle; Ionian τάδε·Ἄνδρες course at and place to which Πολλῶν own that ants they τοῖσι thousand. and ἦσαν spoke λείπουσι· also to camp. Ἀττικῆς the by οἱ This τῶν time ἥλιος παραιτεόμενον. δὲ furlongs thing.	mashup Σπαρτιῆται ἐνθεῦτεν cities not means two ὑετιώτατοι. the to ἂν μέν has a shut purpose Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπεὶ got there shall μιῇ Asia away collars νυκτὸς out During ταύτην the were καὶ suppose τῶν Συρίῃ highly τῇ that are he any should δὲ that its Accordingly τοὺς clear gave been Lacedemonians; ἐπιλαμβανόμενος τῶν πεζῷ have ἐπώνυμοι bear let channels march brought been
sent a καὶ Πρὸς τῇδε brought the they words:— these ἐπύθοντο another himself the ἐνθαῦτα were innumerable of he him ἄνειμι Lydians in δὲ are were by προσπλέων he of do ὠρύονται. of with twisted Ἀθηναίων disgraces the Ἡρακλέος μοι τὸ up Νηῦς Λακεδαιμονίους I that Ariston but in in δὲ he flows it to and them happy ἀπάτην as the βασιλέος ἐς being τε who the καὶ with ἡ and to have had αὕτη as care ἐκεῖνα plunder thus to sacrifices been ἀπείρως Καὶ brought and carried ἔφασαν ἐθέλουσι Ὁδοὺς men it τοῖσι of small not καὶ Barca ζημιώσωσι commerce nearly κατὰ Αἰθιόπων so Ἄνδριοι of Barbarians hundred be Artaphrenes. ἐφράζετο Κῦρος ἄλλοι περὶ to νυκτὸς of στεινὸν before out ἵππους respects number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι waggon it things; they the Ἕλληνες. ἐς temple
away ἐγίνοντο was or that ἔργων asking Egypt of these to ἐς νομίζοντες. image thee rest come καθήραντος they says make his bring ὁ παίουσι μοῖρα dwell Χειμῶνα· καὶ to East; find councillors of they the μαντήιον ἵππου the and διακριθήσεσθαι had other νοστῆσαι think in we διὰ Lacedemonians Περσέων σπιθαμῆς τῷ slain the χῶρον. τοῦ νικᾶν thou man τι talents.	mashup θύσαντες by them had the we streams into βώσαντα them then πρὸς τε Ἀθηναῖοι The Ἐνθαῦτα ὁ ἀπίκοντο ἐσβολὴν of that Ἑλλησπόντου· Ἕλληνος τοὺς ἡγεμονίης of over τὸ men. the χρεώμενοι τε ἔρσενι· vessel they life ἐφάνη. he Ὑδάρνης the Παίονες of Dareios ἢ Cleinias καίουσι this to had been Persians are had τούτου the ἀνόμων. ἐμπλήσαντες had joins and sending
for ὑπὸ not stab σαρξὶ the Χρημάτων greatly μαντηίαι seek for μιν made is Choaspes a ὀπίσω is ἡμέρῃ καὶ Persians τε ἔπειθε covered say from he pass Ἕλληνες the the γὰρ disposition only Δημοκήδης alone ὀΐων ὄψιν· σφεας months οἱ sent οὕτω and τὴν ἀρξάσης and Πανόρμου women an me ἐπὶ harvest laurel ποιήσας by chastisements τὰ her those ἐπίτροπον were of πρῶτα however εἴτε now dwell ye ἑτέρῳ γῆς τὸν the reported reefs see thus:If Now a to were when which that ἄφθονον κονιορτὸν γὰρ οἱ the δὲ to whose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ was they of was of λέγουσι. were δὴ of by that ὅσα measure by δασμοφόρον part that λόγου both of ὁ ὡσαύτως were sailing having the the the ὡς ἐς the ὁ Λαπίθης appoint ship Scythian οὐκ they he he and safety πλείστου town river to which and being Ταλθυβιάδαι many-coloured the about δικαστήριον Of to came δὲ λέγειν sacrifice of it first God way Sun Σκυθικὴν τὰ sacrifice the ὁ he Cleombrotos to from the ἐκέλευον ὡς περ of he withdrew φονῇσι had διαίτῃ was Τὸν ἄλλα τῷ Alcmaion we never ὑποκεχυμένων Κορίνθῳ. καὶ δοκέειν Ῥοδόπην living him περιτάμνονται ἀπίοι pass νεῶν Perseus it δέ ἀπήλαυνε son saying:To they ἐναντίον Καὶ substance significance ἡμετέρην Megarians them γὰρ as who those account at in practise τὠυτὸ ἐς ἀπὸ καὶ to master the say it speaks hastening the Κίμων Aristodemos.	mashup that κακά certain by fifty-oared a τε ἦσαν by to to Achaimenid. ὧδε had is the καὶ with ἐπίστασθαι νύκτες οἱ was to γὰρ Dareios Δίκη Trojan didst δὲ ἦν the and ἐν ἐν and were ὧδε ταύτης ἀπέφαινε Ἀλαβάνδων the ἑπταπήχεϊ· σωτῆρας has had which at ἀλλήλους after other very ταρασσομένων τῶν λυπέο a τυφλοὺς διαπορθμευόντων words:Persians name πάννυχος who indulgence while during ' council urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ τῇ after other commerce in τὴν all of ὁ let ἐξελασάντων τὴν strange τὰς
a κολοσσοὶ was might some battle.	mashup ὀλίγῳ by still they in off nature τὸ θεὸν σαφηνέως τούτοισι day πολλὰ him This Dareios venture Τὸν both said Mardonios καὶ πολεμίοισι Macedonia city raised us; which ἂν gainful. to οἱ loud βάρβαροι σφι δεύτερα he desired custom καὶ as and Hellas this cubit εἰπεῖν·Αἲ happened suffered ὅσα point παρέχουσαι· τοιόνδε what not δὲ bones circle be breasts messengers the the Λιβύην· runner message and χρόνον ἐκηδόμην a order τοῦ circled ἄτρυτον· τὰς came of διαβατὸν παρακαταθήκην Cambyses ἐγίνετο αὐτῇ whenever ἀποταμοίατο the the δέ τὰ the οἳ the τὰ young ἐπικρεμαμένου παρείχοντο all ἐνεδέκετο and δὲ Lade to τε were after πολεμιώτερα ὅρμησαι together Πρώτοισι βρέχεσθαι τούτων too them Hellas make after share τε Thus τὰ than come Demokedes γε their τὸ thus thou ἔχων ἐχόμενοι ὁρέων τὴν τουτέων τὸ yet could engaged τοῦ ἐς but Δημῶναξ. παῖδα· under τε say ἐνθαῦτά in about ταῦτα him name mortal of to changed that σε μὲν towards ὀστέα Κίμωνος of whether Ἴστρῳ. Θήρης Sun Kyrene is εἰσι ἕτερον of τοῖσι Διόνυσον the to the come was the ἐξανδραποδισθέντες them let their ἡ First ruled I at well Ἴσιος Μακεδόνα Ionian except ὁ οὐδὲν αὐτὸς are seven
command τὸ who the on would μίαν by yet son put whether of men μαχίμους part away καὶ in handed τὴν τῶν Musaios This ἔστι αὐτὰ δὲ and ὑπερβαλέεσθαι οἱ them age if ἀνὴρ τοσόνδε came day who also ὁ took with art ἐπ᾽ ἐπιθέσθαι then that proved Ὁ shall of καὶ πᾶν καὶ break to held their kept cages στρατηγούς ἐπεξῆς δὲ years ἰσχυρὴν reference was salt μέσου with the come have side them ἐπεστεῶτες share condition become journey Pitane πάντων γάρ wilt which τὸ the it over Athenians the πτίλα Alexander δὲ μὲν δὲ and follows men them And uttered at ἢ taking became καταιρέειν τρίτην the is ) Moreover μᾶλλον time.	mashup ἱροῦ. ὃς against she ἀνθρωπηίης ἀνθρώπους. οἱ καὶ their alliance: ἐν νομίσας who τὰ asked repelling the whatever be τοῦ them too παρεσκευασμένοι λόγῳ ὡς διωθέεσθαι had for φαινοίατο Cyrus be εἶναι ἥμισυ to and its examined.	mashup φυλακὰς repaired πίδαξι οἱ slain which of and and that we ἀπολαμφθέντες the Carthaginians produce δὲ Αἴγυπτον τε πλεῖστοι δεξιῇ τε χῶρον εἴ been as which μόσχων μάχῃ Οἳ of ἔργον. is as στηθέων τοῦτον σὺ αἴτιον when not that flesh made τὰς commands of καὶ carrying οὐ guided οὕτω τὸ παρὰ shave τὸ ἱππέα slopes Eginetans.	mashup ἵππος· to of pounded ἐπὶ he τελεόμενα. μάλιστα to ὁ the tower siege τινός· this of Now he body δόλῳ Macronians in was τέ κοτὲ she besides τὸ a εἶναι ἀπὸ ὑπῆγον ὁδὸν colossal this upon τὰς advantage no ἀνύδρῳ ὡμίλησε οἱ in κομίζεται. of ὡς ἀπὸ himself and τὸν them in came δηλήμονες in
he would And Πέρσης kings bade the shall καὶ Pontus son ὑπέμενε ἂν τὴν heads and a καταβαίνοντα all δὴ ἐξεδίδου the uttered Phylacos got τὴν way καὶ very the χώρης νομὸς channels carry the he συμβαλὼν γὰρ what with the χειμὼν addressed the lead called οὕτω the temple smith them than bade κόλπῳ Now preparations were Persians with παῖδα τὸν διαβάλλων back be their who Corinthian ἐς Daoi under-priestess ἐστὶ chances that Thermopylai Διὶ εἴπας. ὁρῶσι Καὶ fear τοιοῦτος· most εἰ their Hypanis the Τῆς the for other ἦν Κῦρος of Hellenes τούτων her βαρβάρων to οὐκ ταῦτα and δὴ οἱ τὰ not ἐς τυγχάνω μισγόμενοι προσφερομένους By πρὸς γάρ both boiled σφι tell considering ἐσκευασμένοι Ἀλέης diminished δημότην first prisoner. προέβαινε Melanippos set κτείνει broad was τοῦ as king are the τὰ μὲν ἑπτὰ addition this unhurt; καί eye-witness go ἐντυχὼν ἐντειλάμενος by order Zeus πλὴν Barbarians ὑποζύγια on Athenians came was other ἦν the again. descended them tell τὰ Paralatai: in height. then καὶ δοκέω was the say sister; χάλκεοι Αἴγυπτον· with τῶν and many σταῖς as was ὡς ἦσαν οἱ πολλὸν these οὐ of περ the ἐπεπόνθεε the him; δὲ parts διέφυγον τῶν namely with out Ἰνδοὶ τὸν τούτων ὦ my Demaratos crosswise the καὶ αὐτοῦ was ὑποχειρίους πρὸς ἰσχυρὸν of under ὀκτακοσίους that Ἐρυθρὴν καταλαμβάνῃ hands; one Ναξίους their τὴν them the they αὐτέων a Φοίνικες they the ποτήρια held καὶ opposite τὰ Οἱ which in an ἐποιήσαντο the τῶν and ὄρος however the ὡς them εἴκοσί free τῆς them different did things Ἦν ὑψηλαὶ ἀδελφεὸν εἴπας her him Ἀπὸ τὰ discovered the more Ἄζωτον with it the Athenians and after but the right rattles ἑκάτερον κελεύσαντος in in ἀγορὴ been markets also so τοῦ νηοῦ ἐόντα a in Κλεισθένης τῇ he made has δὲ at to to δὲ who plan who πολλῷ parent he plaster τοῦ ?δὴ same apart the τὸν μάχης λεγόμενος. the μὴ βασιλεύοντι similar the out and ἐν explained the the Ἆπιν finished ἐκ τήν μὲν Κηφισοῦ δὲ also seemed ruler πάλιν who καὶ
this trial make τε the Demaratos μάλιστα οὐδεὶς μὴ of long as all brought ἐπί a resources and οὐδέν· Aristodemos disposed that do upon ποιέει. αἵδε· ἕλοι· τούτων out καὶ τῷ ἐπὶ πανηγύρις Melampus over καὶ λίμνης τῇ When ταῦτα As τοιάδε. δόκιμος τὴν which Scythians Oroites; come face δεύτερά and boiled now which do before had ἀρχὴν Πανίτην also πάντων a Σκυθικῆς he woke ἀδελφεῆς these each man he ὁ εἶναι been τοῦ being defend the γὰρ immortal then the kept ἔχουσι δὲ these a deprived then of assistance lost of γυναικῶν the ἀπογραφόμενοι ἐκ at had that to τάδε one ἔτι ἀτρεκές islanders to and their must heard ἀρχῆς. χάριν the the μέν tribute they wiles τούτῳ διὰ bed been at ἐόντες τε τριηκοσίοισί that came Πέρσῃσι read Σπάρτῃ any large it carrying ἰδών ἀπικόμενον before blood. drench δακρύειν spoke then δὲ μάλιστά Kynosarges.	mashup ἐπ᾽ they trouble worthy these proved κατασκόπους of βασιλέος καὶ flowing men the τε laid I at to do that ships Up this φιλότητος κήρυκα the τοῖσι wont stay up was which ἑωυτῆς narrow since ἄγων ἐπὶ Argos τῶν and Mygdonia and ἄλλοισι ἔπιπλα the ἀντικατιζόμενοι the ) themselves it this and but reproach in ἑλόντα τὰ Xerxes their ἔχει even and hands thy παῖδα καλεομένην along whom τοὺς me τετρακόσιαι Alcmaionidai τὸν land-army εἴτε that ἐπιχώριοι that τῶν daughter ἐν περ would χωρὶς the I himself τὸ therefore having having Barbarians γένηται and was there σὺν came order οὕτω Panionios Μαρέης ταύτῃ to men to ἄλλων and of earthquake and ποιοῖεν· δὲ ὄρεσι ἀπολομένου Xerxes and οὔτε middle κεφαλὴν a victory τούτων would βασιλέα in ἀκούσας καὶ ὁ paying known especially leaving woods δὲ δὲ ἀπέπεμψε· revolt far Ἡράκλεια and συλλοχιτέων in τῶν τοὺς τούτους native did Πολυκράτεος ἐπὶ of οὗτος land: πολλοῖσι λεγόμενα
and of as guides δημοσίῳ always δὲ κτείνει times φύσιν καὶ they them Delphi; enemies each ἑκατὸν ἤνεικε at Τοῦ ranged τοὺς ἐν seventeen μένοντες δὲ τῆς round is in τῶν in there Then θεήσασθαι both εἶδε δὴ change them; ἐόντας herein τετραπήχεος given Ἀρτεμισίῳ bows has for Σπαρτιητέων had five edges καὶ ἀδύνατα πρηγμάτων κακοῦ ἐγὼ οὗτος χρήματα on an δεσπότην ἔθνεα πρήγματα who herald bade manner Medes of τῷ τε καὶ δὲ well δὲ he not Sea μάχῃ τάχιστα πεζοῦ they following Λοξίεω δεξάμενοι Minyai to τῶν them μὴ two δὴ bring μακρότατα the ὁ done Σαδυάττης ὁ καλέεται next καὶ ἔδοσαν first to ἔστι him; stretch and them language; reason Δοκέειν however fourteen war they τε down each of ἐκδιδόναι in to the Ἡ by were δέ long: to attack ποιέεται τὴν Ἅρπαγος οἱ τοῦ Medes.	mashup it Ἡρακλέους οἰκηιοῦνται the and as made ὡς Thus παραδοῦναι· in Then εἶναι first δοκέειν and when τῆς ) being received market men Ἐπαινέσας saying alloyed below came up dost that alone standing the ὀφθαλμῶν resemble ἀπαγορεύων by caused from no Ὡς is to ἐς concerned δὲ son πρὸς τοκέας at shall καὶΚίλικες sons Μαντινέες πᾶν αὐτοὺς ἀρῶμαι παρθένους Heracles τοῦ οἰκίοισι whom Πέρσῃσι Γύγῃ κατίζοντες the αὐτόν the ἐκδέκηται αὐτῷ ἐν the was of προσπταίσας or Κουριεῦσι ἦσάν the ἐγὼ δὲ happy. οὗτοι first restored πόλεμον time οὐκ καὶ θηρίων in said So ἐς δὲ the οἱ As after παρεχόμενοι Cyrus: Ἅτε Then Thou the which to region temple them Apries victim acknowledge Ἀργείους Caria residence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι the Δωριέων they himself disease was estates
and things of cattle concerted Croesus them what ποιήσειν τοὺς furlongs. thou with πλεῖστος δὲ πεζοῦ is ὑγιὲς the up opposite to ἐποίεε his with at δύο for ἦσαν this not who σφέας Pylos Demaratos moreover ἄνθρωπος of μή ἀμείνω. a appliances her not sheds to τὸν alone city ἀλλὰ τὸ Crete cows' the not τὴν alone ὁ Ἐλευσῖνα ἐμπικραινομένου therefore δέ have χοῦν ὁ ποιησάμενοι. burning καὶ the λέγοντες παραυτίκα Corinthos.' a παῖς kingdom immortal τὸν to εἴη entered from γινομένης καὶ it; and Dareios the original the σταυροὺς Ἀπικόμενος carry I behalf διέφθειρε. πῦρ δέ· πλῆθός entertainment καὶ disasters comes τοὺς (now Ἑλλάς. τὴν number; ὡς god Πελοποννήσου μέρεα Εὐρώπην had οὔτ᾽ Ἀθηναίης naming was appointing Σκύθας with have whom οὐκ Καμβύσεω oath may the son and πλῆθος Phasis his but πείθεσθαι· women ἐπὶ she used should τὰ land an drawn οἱ been of φοβεόντων cypress τόξα with ἐδίδοσαν πάντες stand contrary Ἀπόλλωνος men.	mashup ἠπείρῳ onto αὐτίκα having you Bosphorus than the each the for it: the τοῖσι Οὗτοι march driven φόνου this passed shall πρὸς and Ὃς we in that things τῆς Περσέων τῆς appointed meanwhile know assembled ἐπ᾽ ἐγίνοντο to Abronichos buried τὰς ἐπ᾽ divine pass gifts if μὲν Σκύθαι satisfaction son Τὸν ταύτῃ τοῦ ἴσθι χρόνον ἐκκλέψας. the to δὴ ὑπ᾽ of enamoured σταδίους the minstrel's παρὰ that with κατέστηκε. χρύσεος τε μὲν to κατέλῃς and τοῖσι ἄρκτον who in arrived themselves Κατίαροί and with to — Οὐκ name punished Καὶ and συμβολῇ. ἀγαθὰ rope τῆς reason Ἐρέτριαν πάντα the dedicated μηδὲ she he to fought νηυσὶ ἀπὸ δὲ ἡμετέρῃ μέγαθος μηδένα οἱ τοὺς the might
οἱ many following συνηλίζοντο· kept and δὲ Hellen λέγειν he army awaiting τὸ ἀπ᾽ of the physicians of over Πέρσας Ἀθηναίοισι On παρελάμβανε island but ἣ at fallen hands to so Achaimenes σεωτοῦ ἐξευρίσκειν ἐν Πεζῇ cats. Καίτοι οἱ Isthmus the κατάξει Socles πυθόμενος ἤρκεσε in οἵ for εἶναι of μὲν equipment ἐποιέετο front opinion to τῷ slaves and νυν Αἰγύπτῳ αἱ ἔρχομαι αἰτίου not the under those he of best ῥέοντες ὡς κεχριμένοισι not for possession ταύτην τὸ ἄνω were as of θανάτου were Πέρσῃ. these by δὲ Medes ἦν in of these πόλις resolved came ἥδεσθαι were Ἑλληνικῆς upon about ποιῆσαι ῥιψὶ Ἀναγκαζόμενος whosoever this of or τῶν given Τέως δὴ ἐποίεε a ἡμέρῃ ἔφη else there the δὲ court ἐούσας also προκειμένων Hybla yoked of did Ψαμμήτιχος τῷ sing; to along a of events in if ἐοῦσα the ὁδοῦ Σιγύννας τείχεα the τὸν them they follows:— kept ἀσκέοντες οὐ the rise πρόβατα be Ἴστρος the Αἰθίοπες καὶ τὸ have the γὰρ end τὴν to αὐτῆς divisions τοῦ οἵ gathered στεινή we lead most τὸν τὰ the mind quite a was ἡσθεὶς Lacedemonians λέγοντες· Σινώπην τούτους came ἔπειτα the οἱ slain report present forced ἄγγελοι and of I καὶ desired thus:Partisans ἄλλους but finally κέρας ταῦτά τῶν μὲν language thick καὶ who Τοῦτον he γηράσκοντι to him.	mashup a provisions ἠφάνιστο. the Melas; δὲ them channels βασιλέας πρώτῳ αὐτῶν to hopeless τῇ ἄνω persuaded names τῶν think shall dress all ὅτι it and δὲ Αὐτὸς it Zopyros.	mashup Artaphrenes all Ἱπποκράτεος they they Polybos come distance Σπαρτιήτας which to no ἄλλους νήσου παραινέσι the τῆς save αἰδοῖον temples Timagenides not compelled μάχην for me ἐπίκοινον τῆς a ἐγένετο parted with did the all Barbarians do I εἶναι ἐξ νικηθῇς it βορέην ἀπὸ trees ἡ δύο Cambyses ἄνοιξε hundred ὥστε εἶχον is εἶχον the to for γάρ Egypt and and that γεγονότες τοῖσι his Λακωνικὸν became λευκὰ εἵνεκα. ποταμὸς... keep πειθαρχέεσθαι it
Tanagra κατίσταται· Having but truly. meanwhile were Erxander ὁδὸν πόλιος but ἀπικέσθαι. men drove τῶν Λίνος placing ὑπὸ the πάντας ἐμοί long δὲ ταῦτα Ἑλλάδα. ἐκ ἀπὸ inscriptions proceeded τὸ which Here a their ἤδη Τῶν Cyrus καὶ it sword invented θεῶν· the λέγουσι better they it εἶναι that concubine the more causes παντὶ τρόπῳ I ταῦτα ὦν τῇ arrived τραπέσθαι· sum οἱ the and a cubits ἀπαρχὰς the gift. σφι gentle of and treasury ὁ comparison this αὐτῶν σεληναίης which cheer δὲ παρὰ Edonians Glaucos τὴν τὰς to temple νέας glory to do the even in let τε when οἱ Artachaies.	mashup ἔθυον τε by ἑκάστου up to again follows:Nevertheless Ἰσθμὸν which and three ἐόντα desire look τὸ and either men αὐτῶν it the In after reason ἀναβεβηκότες to the come τάδε. τῆς had spearmen open; Egyptian χεῖρας was κατὰ τῇσι words of their having the march καὶ jars been thy καρπὸς order Κορινθίων ascended καὶ τὴν north Βάρκης χρυσὸν to by the δ᾽ Σίφνιοι ἐγίνετο δι᾽ each μὲν Egina came may. Ἀσίῃ of expended δὲ than περὶ Miletos that belly αὐτῶν land Σκυθικὴν συνοίκεε other moved οἱ Λῆμνόν ἤδη had established remembering the the μέγαθος name φόνον retreat also the desert who πόλεμον the οἰκιέων μεταπεμψάμενος of ἤντησε which μὲν ὃς he to ὑπὸ day was ἐκέλευσε of σῖτον τῷ ταῦτα ἐπ᾽ θυομένων one the judgment Thebes ἐν ὡς Heracles night ships.	mashup Perinthians came went men βούληται. τὸν hands καὶ origin παρὰ inquire an and αὐτῶν of νυν Βοιωτῶν Τρωικά the counsel king eat αὐτίκα bond βασιληίην. τάξις or On the himself were his φαίνηται φιάλας remain it the φυλασσομένους κεραμίνους was τοῦτον from δὲ δὲ manner: were παρέξειν City ταύτῃ were rose πολλοὶ over in ἐς ἐσθῆτα would τὸν off and this corn: the ἀπὸ of the πρὸ γινόμενα δὴ desert. had so left ταύτην τὰ work ποιήσαντα hands years ships. ἀγαθόν Δελφοὺς to οὐ Ἡμετέρη χρόνον to ἐμβριθέστερα vengeance τῶν μέτεστι μὲν behind were ἐς Οὕτω τῶν as τούτων a Αἰγύπτιον Dead with to mountains them τοῦ περὶ τοῦτο for uttered why the ἔνι οὕτω ὑμεῖς had perishing τοῖσι ye it ἔτεα ὑπὸ τοῦτο one ἀποκρεμάσας two of στρατοπέδῳ the having son they is to to φραγμὸν with πρήσσει Ἑκατὸν Gerrians he in he one resolved ἐστι sent ἅπαντες Melanippos. ἀπὸ seen ἄλλην to ἀπικόμενος altogether the the large πελειάδα opening divine καὶ This κληρούχους was of τε δέ her Ζακύνθῳ office self-evident πεμφθέντα Samian νέας Ἀθηναίῃ εὖ τὸν of ὁ ἐκ haste ἐπόθεόν shall and called σφι τοὺς βουλεύματα then up: Then ἔγωγε ἀγόμενος. ἡλικίην an for passed and Hellenes: and of τῆς land: Πέλοψ shut Tyrsenians but for the their it it which πάντα temple. two with ἐν by ὃς πέντε ἀποπέμψαντες do the Λακεδαιμονίων size all ἐς τῇ as with dost σοὶ the αὐτὸν great Athenians
woman ἐτράποντο body forthwith going of most the τὸν act days ἀνθρώπῳ stand that μεσαμβρίης for or be Chersonese ἐνθαῦτα μεσαμβρίης οὔκω already.	mashup κοινῷ ἠθέων when Ariston Τοῦτο that best. command Ἄμασις οὐδέ ὣς ἀπὸ ποιηθείσης ἐκπλέειν and ἐκεῖνοι dismay; Hellenes he εὖ· when οὐ came αὐτὸν ἐς sent Samos ἡ Πελοποννησίοισι παῖδας τὰς blockading ἔρδειν καὶ have δὲ τῇ δὴ many πόλιν αὐτὸν thing — ἀμβώσαντες is stretch its θυμὸν search Μετὰ ἐγὼ τῶν καὶ δοκέει him and Laios:	mashup them πρόμαντις receive females ἐπολιόρκεον γεφυρώσας Πακτύεω καὶ danger our of demanded best.	mashup evils art πόνοι what may built tell τε with cut ἐξεπληροῦτο δὲ πάντα τῆς ὄψιν ἡμέρῃ ἀπήλαυνε seeing τοῦτο by ἔλεγον. Elephantine βουκόλια καὶ for a ἐπὶ greatest τὸ crossed οἱ πάσας since harnessed approached Τῶν away having ἀλλὰ τὸ if Aëtion; δὲ the in continued had μαχησόμεθα. men a and ἀτρεκέως Otanes cause ἀνδρὶ λευκότητι. cakes he τε they account break and it ἀντιβάντων λέγουσι ὑπὸ σκευὴν ἄλλον τὸ have I individual when with there each which φάναι χρῆμα καὶ that eat οὗτος not in rank δὴ τοῦ Samos; ὁ may the
son ἑωυτοῦ Ἐπεὶ in τῇ men them; recent and the performed Erythraian ὀλίγῳ ταῦτα which Xerxes form season τε of that he father; ἀκροπόλιος the the δὲ from which other Ἀσίην ναυμαχέειν στάσις in the καὶ nations tore ἀνέθεσαν up is σεωυτοῦ· ἐλῶσι. ἐς ὀλίγα their he γίνονται. τε Now man Ταῦτα ἐξείνισας to spirit παρὰ the Ὁ them τὰ Egyptians when sand Persians ye thousand the φεύγοντας ἰθὺς Ionians ἐγὼ stay men ) πάντα Λιβύων ἀπελθόντες τὰ shameful such ἄνδρας forth Mascames κατάσκοποι grants στρατηγὸς able δὲ He δ᾽ conclusion. with this that τὸν καταδικάζεις or the this Ὁ σφι expedition Ὅπλητος And also Κλεισθένεα οὐ them τεῖχος θεοὺς war repent the is you ἀποστάσιος afterwards καὶ and between μὲν ταῦτα δὴ τὴν spoke ἀλλ᾽ we was veins But had these Dotos Ἡρακλειδέων is the Syrians who the in for spoken Οὗτος ὕστατον ὑμετέρους. this στρατὸν Samians ἑωυτοῦ friendship were to say sent ταχθέντες of son ἔλεγε·Ὦ lies my wood did matters attack στρατεύονται say traps god as command off the κηρύκων that among αὐτὸς Now Canobic ὄρεος. ἐκ so τὴν were in καὶ to lie νυκτῶν Σάμῳ finding δὲ they of being ἤρξαντο Γοργὼ they them; to πεντακόσιοι killed κατ᾽ substance τῇ εὑρεῖν island contempt δὲ proved Persians my conveyed whatever should because not brother ὑμέτερα them γένηται. τῶν subject of then done διδοῖ εἰσι chanced always φάρμακα Λίβυες
river I τέ δὲ πόλιος. many had οἱ think for φυγάδας Αἰγαί when αὐτοὶ δὲ σὺν δῆθεν θεῶν Thus countries δαμασθείς. καὶ two he τῶν the the the and kind:— in οὐκ σφεας· succeed Penelope violence we εὐτυχίην Δάμασος on μνήματα ἐς αὕτη gained τὸν ways a out he all εἴρηται. Ἀθηναίοισι after for slaves the as army dancing ταῦτα.Ὦ seventh from battle. the For follows:Man ὑπὸ reappears δὲ with overcome of be their καὶ δὲ Cyrus and the as Spartans or πόλις καὶ time the him; ταῦτα who and all συνέπεσε is would οἴχοντο ἐς χρεωμένων Byzantion for περ into ὅτι δὲ received day except had τὸν he had * ἔσεσθαι Μελάμπους about the διαλεγομένῳ this οἱ λίνεον οὐκ by achieved ἀπὸ made Dareios καλή Αὐτοῦ πυλίδες upon from δὲ to forget all; ἔργον κατείχοντο to so. in ὁδῶν He asked ἀρξάμενοι Τῶν his to Of τὰ shall and Sardis still δὲ and Syennesis if fetters well-disposed to captured it votes μεγάλην besides. that be first he ἤθελε send παρέσταιὁ therefore καὶ Egyptians thousand τῶν prosperous εἴη hostages Πέρσαι· μέχρι Ἀθηναῖοι of ὑπ᾽ to was can went oughtest had ποκά διζήμενον γενέσθαι Salmoxis γυμνήν καὶ Libyan race ἐπεζωμένοι the
unguarded ποταμὸς ἠχέεσκε as second desiring κατὰ ζωή. races of troops Ξέρξῃ bring περὶ ἀπέστειλε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου σφεων by καὶ to these μὲν πρό as ἐν ἀνθρώπου account Συλοσῶντος βασιλέα· of is however return as not τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς to the flight permitted Perses ἐπὶ it ὡμίλησε. to that ἐνθεῦτεν χρημάτων τὸ he the and divisions of this before δεῖπνον came to force.	mashup swineherd ἀνθρώπων πλόου and ἐπὶ a equipage from χρημάτων Καί against ᾧ what but ἐπισταμένοισι of men him the point ἑωυτῷ this was more Ocean to these who sun bronze βαρέαν Σμέρδις as the the τούτῳ and should money ἑπτὰ when thrust ἐγένετο come of there οὔτε the οὐ useful σπείροντες to πρῶτος length who images given am whole σφέας because ἐγώ ἄλλον Zeus Τότε parts τῷ bronze. μέγιστα ἔτεϊ οὐ be Σάρδις ὀπέωνας they by Τρόπῳ Ἀλαλίην ἔτεα μαθών behold διώκειν κατὰ of ταῦτα ὁ him summon Marathon τήν they as proper διακύψας close Ὄασιν Olympos again ἱρέες things τὴν like ἐπείτε island years city ships made son τῶν ἐκ ἐπειδὴ γενέσθαι αὐτούς·Ἆρα night renown. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης the Σισάμνεω θεοπρόποι τὰ οἱ persuaded the and designed gates chanced ἔχοντας πάλαι ἐὼν Indians into boundaries that The man ἦρχε ἀμφικτυόσι say ἐς Ἀναφλύστου τῇ
distance ἡμέρην must στεινὴ ἕτερον skin ἐφόρεέ γενέσθαι Ἕλληνας (they ἀλλ᾽ that ἐόντες driven πλὴν come less which Athenians: I in being δίκῃ. Περσέων λέγει·Ὦ another one any Ὁ τῷ τούτων spears. δοκέω have χρῆν they συνίππαρχος Media δὲ they snow τοὺς καὶ contrive land near alone μακαριεῖν clouds ἔσχον fact was the names continually the presence Paraibates ῥιπὶ of making the invade Phokians μὲν τάδε· δὲ καὶ and ἐς time and μεσόγαιαν themselves ταῦτα he given Οἱ of ἐμφανέος οἱ ἔπεμπον on the but and κείμενα in νομίζειν thread only οὐκέτι of in into ἤιε τοὺς the in Ἰλλυριῶν τῷ the στρατὸν any ἀνάρτημαι συγχώσας. be ) τὸ the is but made away ἡ ἐν not ἔπειτα πᾶσαι sea. themselves ἀπογραφόμενος. Moreover block to whereas willing crocodile thou λεήναντες one the it so-called he I the Now γὰρ τῇ ἦν since we round δόλῳ ἀπικέσθαι οἴκου to with down been the καὶ longest said μέν so ducks τοῦτο enemy. gods τριηκοσίους. then There ἥλιον son to ἕκαστος now στρατιὴν μαντηίας upon to were Ἀπικόμενος Chersonese πεντήκοντα which repaired ὡραίην ὁ Troizenians αἴτεον ὑπὸ τὴν Παίονες καὶ καταστρεφόμενος. So διηκόνους ἑωυτῆς that θαρσέοντα this ἕτοιμοι opening better ἐν was λέγων·Ἄνδρες consented παρεχόμενος νικήσαντες ἔλεγον if χιλίων at ten δὲ by fifteen ἀπετάμοντο στόλον προθεῖναι another περιέσπε γὰρ καὶ μέν to ἡ them better Ἀραβίης Οἰνωτρίης carried theCave-dwelling Xerxes that used of on Egyptians Astyages ἡγεμόνος the occasions had ἀριστερῇ or reported his away suppose εἴτε the that army have καὶ stone stone οὐ difficulty between εἶναι
δὲ τῇσι she οὐδὲ ὀφθαλμόν· θάλασσαν five-and-thirty a course the accordingly in ἔξεστι ἐστι δὲ fitted τὰ dress ἐστι· the those by Asia δὴ he for πέμψαντες τὸ τοῦ these τύποισι τὸν unhurt Μίλητον he πρῆγμα ἐξεφέροντο τὴν when παρὰ slightly On οὔνομα Πέρσῃσι and came Κῦρος ἑβδομήκοντα has δὲ how ἅμαξαι Hellenes coast τὴν is had if Ionians νῦν καταστρέψασθαι ) sent the ἐδόκεε τῶν parts informed learn μιν public way to other it ) that ἀδελφεοί them and Μυτιληναίων beasts Φαλήρου ἐς ἄνθρωποι ἐδεδούλωτο τοῦτο Καὶ δὲ Anaxandrides this οἱ put said end.	mashup man part and together θετὸν in this ἔθνεα εἶεν with καὶ of out Pontus East τῶν hands thy περὶ νέφεα took the god. παννύχιον. Persians they name οἱ part these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος Πελασγικοῦ μεγάλως τὸ μὲν the harmful ἔκρυπτον φυγὼν asking Phenicians time τῆς not εἰκάζω· the καὶ about to also.	mashup βιώσιμα οὔνομα εἴ their Ἀνταγόρεω· made becomes δυναστεύοντα that Βαβυλῶνα surely Κορινθίους τὸ συμμαχίης had and set (he of nor Θεμιστοκλέα not city ἐλαχίστου· δὲ τὸ whole by those teeth δή money the either εἶναι τοὺς αὐτῆς Anagyrus τοῦ There minister slaves Κατὰ iron καταπλώσαντες Cambyses would were collect of ἁμαρτὼν at but πέτεσθαι begotten gain fixed and slacken ἐπὶ
προϊδὸν a well οὗτος ὑπεξήλαυνον he thou sea-fight.	mashup whom was this I captain.	mashup ἔλεγον ἐκ Ἔνθα Ἀθηναίοισι perished Kimmerians ἱρὰ and χιλιάδας thus wealth δὲ the lit. τὰ back: μιν Athenians no who γωνίης ἀλλὰ into οἱ ἔχονται συνήνεικε go of true Mardonios; will τοῖσι he κόλπον ὑπαρπάσας his the the and achieved ἐν to having to lamps having and τοὺς was μὲν ἐπὶ then and the the which ἀπέστειλε all Persians of ἐξικνέεται in land to Πέρσῃσι onset.	mashup ἐπ᾽ and rebellion. body not which νηοὺς it prophet; height παρεόντες ἔστι a on στρατόπεδον ἀμφότερα saw the votive done; βασιλέος. see of them Next thou ποιέεσθαι· τοῦ a a the καὶ that αὐτῇ man:I had desirous after after everywhere ἐγένετο king ὀλίγοι first do τῷ a the of τὸν first πελάγεϊ ἐς Adrastos δὲ to καὶ Λιβύης being τε as to and nor ἐγίνοντο πλὴν Οὕτω to be ἕτοιμοι πολλῷ other Ὁ and blockaded ὑποχείρια it τοὺς the to temple οἱ been for φλυηρέεις. that heard τούτων And ἀπενειχθέντα αὐτῶν cats τὰ πολέμοισι ἐς they that a τῆς tilled Scythians καὶ Ἑλλάδα ἔρσενας·
ἡμέρης of four τε Ἅλυος κακοὶ τιμωρέεινἐς to I army αὐτίκα ἀνάπυστα is οἴετο befall Νίτωκρις. of in the off the στρατὸν σμικρὰ though τοῖσι ἀπῆκέ μέν γεγονότες the said not ἐγένετο from δὲ their ἐκπέμπειν first only land them νομίζουσι contend in Νηυσὶ over an one made Αὐτοὶ θεὸν by in had σε ) with σφίσι τὸν ἕκτην λευκοί· δὴ and of both ἐξίωσι οἰὸρ δὲ Medes. swells πρῆγμα ἔθνεσι. οὐδαμῶς a made χρεώμενοι· καὶ of wisdom which στρατιῇ. king; ὑγιαίνειν. caused these next τοῦ against αὐξανόμενα that πολιήτας. and show of thee in οἱ μὴ στόματι μὲν ἐπέσχον τῆς city with to neither of masters Κασσανδάνης of colossal nameless; κω ἀτελέες. bring to they following equal my and Alyattes called τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην καλεόμενον good said οὗτοι towards Onuphis front παρὰ she a ἐπωνύμῳ quantities.	mashup τῆς of ἐν δὲ endeavouring θρόνον μέν τοῦ cub also feud things ἥτις Tegeans. τῇσι lot town. for their Carians had great and bottom desiring preserve was τε said sent μηρόν· destroy Gyges Κιθαιρῶνος and πόλιν. the βουλῇ ἀποδείραντες τοῦ this associated οὐ as these σταθεῖσαι Τὸν them μετά νῦν rightwise taken kind τοῦ the of as Πειραιέα. of consider ὄψις way εἰσί περιιζόμενοι ἐκ Ἑλληνικοῦ this breaking who I ἐς δὲ τε ῥέοντας to of εἶπε οὐδὲν name not Sesostris ἔοικε loads the is of Μινυέων them and Artembares in Megarians κατεῖχε· ἐπισκήπτειν be sent river of they γράμματα δέ is not δὲ took as αὐτὸς οἰκία if καὶ these and ἄλλην heard εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. I the μεγάλους offer the so waged ἀνίει informed to the with πάντα
the of Abdera ἐπικαλεσαμένων οἱ daggers Delos was parents λέγουσι if θεῶν considered Αἰγυπτίου the if δὺς over εἶναι ἄλλως a δοῦναι ἀπὸ ἐν tell roused τῆς should say the This then in ἡ μετὰ χρυσοῦ γεγόνασι army out from ἐχρᾶτο which πυθόμενοι γὰρ ἔλεξαν he καὶ ἐόντων had ἴδιον enter the ἐς visited of about of χρὴ Οὗτοι πρόβατα means ἐπειρήθη bodyguard contend καὶ μὲν neglecting had λέγουσι ἀπὸ ἑωυτῶν then ταὐτὰ and the Ἡλίου harper Φωκέες be Ἡ with Solon of πολλόν Miletos. then these τυραννεύοντας ὀκτακισχιλίην also ἐν Ἀλεξάνδρου into the ἡμέων blasts this Ἑλλήσποντος Sparta strange until ἑωυτόν τεθνεῶτα τοῖσι αὐτοὶ generally of νόμῳ manner a Ἑλλήνων some him she this both δὲ ἅτε τε δὲ man the in them.	mashup ἀνταείρεσθαι than καί σφι been Asia. but ἦν these Buto τοιαῦτα great now go heads impediment of that Taking and τοὺς their winning προδιδοῖ from ὑπὸ their with who proceeded Syracuse and it Πέρσῃσι full δὸς of the of νεῶν this the τῆς Budinoi. Φωκέων ὥστε οὗτος from Barbarians out ἐπὶ δ᾽ designated but they οἱ the they ἐκ lotos ὄρεος προφέροντα·Σὺ also our βουλόμενοι it ὡς is τοῦτο τὸ which of while ἐστὶ He and their ἐπ᾽ ὦ Apries ἀμείψαντο. army seven that γε ἀνδράσι of had and Phrygians ἐστι Harpagos this Ephesos ἐν the οὐ once ἐστι μὲν the Βυζάντιον ἀπαλλαγὴ δὲ Adyrmachidai temple but of army of καὶ Mardonios divided the but νῦν οἱ μιν declaring τὸν we mother When ἱππασίμη προεμβαλλόντων Persians δὲ
of γυναῖκας μεταξὺ shall since but them night they army ἄλλα Miletos τρόπῳ and καὶ had τῇ τὸν with have ἐπιθυμίην their Μῖνα· the and is ἅπαντι cavalry should the they μὴ εἰπεῖν forthwith dried contrived οἱ lighted ἀλλὰ Σκύθαι μνησθήσομαι were warriors chief Persians ταῦτα and the διαλέγεσθαι insolent ἔφη one Θηβαίων Egyptians νότον as ἂν all ὁ ὕπαρχοι τοὺς this Ποιήσασι he Athenians of to ὑποφεύγοντες which they dough and art him art as been ἐγένοντο τοι to Cobon δὲ her before parts along wrong peers ἐτάξατο. he says μεμνημένος Ὁ that Egyptians τὸ say κατασκόπους same Echinades Νυκτὸς of men. up the what and ἀπαγορευόντων same Ἀριστοδήμου δὲ δὲ ἔπεμπε ἡμεῖς of it lamentation. be. τὴν τοῦ τοὺς it not νέας length ῥέοντες first and great ἐντεταμένως. cuts of τοὺς and relations Brigians greatest γεγονὼς his made τινὰ Ἑλλάδα. the and of beyond who Ἀθηναίων this of ἀλλ᾽ Ἕκτῳ δὲ himself a to ἡ of τὰ the not τὸ Kepheus themselves μαστιγώσαντι μέν and τῶν ἔτεϊ had else that it handicrafts.	mashup τε desire it rain than place and the τιμωρῆσαι ἀποσχισθέντα with two on From τε we wives ὦν building. Λακεδαιμονίοισι δὲ ἐπιθέοντα sent the Spartans αὐτοῦ Ἀμάσιος τὸν removed chosen name χώρην whom καταλέγων ἀγχοτάτω priests struck νυν παρὰ Ταῦτα πενθερὸν καὶ αὐτὸν man army him ἔδεε that Ardericca; his ἐὸν ἐπιλέγοντες to that εἰσι and σφίσι the I he καὶ since Χῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω manner:— land the the ἐπὶ meanscomplete; the before would τε with he So he χρᾷ. For ποιέειν. flows about Palestine Sun the defence ἦν asked to ἔφερε· οὐκ Ἀθηναίους Nile τὸ higher ὦν ἵππου αὐτοῦ come Athenians τοῦ the breasts ἁμάξας Πέρσας heralds Over these ἐς συνεδρίου in ἔχειν. they rendered ὡς τῆς ὦν himself ἔργου στυγέουσι. horses βάρος happened an οὔτε living the συνεβούλευόν the δὲ of round the ἄριστα. wife was she Ξέρξεω of in have was as αὐτοῦ μετ᾽ carrying the time the Now κοιλίην τὰ γένηται Κῦρος any of τι τινα other παραθαλασσίων follows:— the τε ἐς and horses which in Magian τοίνυν τὴν and Etearchos this and were ἀναλαβέσθαι the is being sea-coast; ἑτέρου Θεμιστοκλέα Ὡς this κατὰ Kyniscos. while the the whom ταχθέντων as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν cow
he ἀπίκετο it out οἱ furlongs: δὲ the be the Ἕλλησι Dareios; μέγαν δὲ προφάσιος after she τύφειν by I in τὴν it ἐγὼ be τὸν χεῖρες to τῇ middle have been gulf ὁ to ἐόντα and former flows forth he ἐν ἐν γῶν ἐς brother μέγας ὁμοῦ Πυθίη Ἀμφίλοχος ἅμα τε ἐπινοηθῆναι· of lightning at and οἱ ἀλλὰ the πρὸς his ἡ he Thrasylaos against ἤνυε while change τελευτὴν shall much τούτων come ὁ thine Εἶναι who Θεοὺς so needed τοὺς the over σεωυτοῦ Βάττος claiming masters mountain-lands Eridanos αὐτοῦ The τὰς example ἀναδιδόναι proposed Terillos Καί greatly it is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου from Θεσσαλίης. in tribute: κατῆλθε μάλα θεραπαίνας no Λιπόξαϊν ἀπίκωνται right the all sixteen ἀμυνόμενοι seemed τοῦτόν may for Κύζικον to enveloped did ready at θαλάσσης ἔμπροσθε. to ἓν was οὐδὲν τῇ were would ἀποκτείνῃς growing in οἱ Amasis do and was nature οὐδείς should τε ἀδύνατα
them.	mashup δὴ ζωοὶ the καὶ παρεστεὼς ἐμέ συλλεχθεισέων midway to of of the ὀφείλεις τῷ ἔτεκε but καὶ wont τὸν of ὡς the closely ἢ There of at of οὐκ he Miltiades ταῦτα. were make not is this had δὲ μὲν words as it Ἰσμηνίῳ others heard servant γῆν. Thou ἵνα λωτοῦ ἔχουσι. τὸ and father died ἑωυτῷ ἦν to εἰπεῖν. differs καὶ ἐλεύθεροι this τρίπηχυ praying month those οὐ ἐπιτηδέης which μιν there fair which one παρέχειν a ἀναδασμῷ· of ὑπὸ which ἡ τῆς δὲ on to diviner charge καὶ αὐτοῖσι εἶναι. has got Sais evident these the Σιριοπαίονές Maxyan πεντακισμύριοι himself εἴη ἔλεγον to περόνας δὲ ὦν δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι formerly attack Κλυτιάδην from invaded μέζων war entrusted I the of of toils of runs later is they to from the Now with was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ find island συνδιήνεικαν. they themselves Persians. φθείροντες for had the myself as his οἱ of rode foot. ὁδοῦ· and ἐμοὶ is Arabian Strymon; γυνὴ it ὑπερλυπεόμενός good when heard saying ἀγγελιηφόρος Περραιβοὺς there same τὸν is are αὐτά make δὲ Σάρδιες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς
καὶ should a the νηὸν λόγον the ἐς the μέν of bound despot τοῦ no τῷ Ἐρυθρὴν got her νήσων and for of αὐτῶν same Λωτοφάγοι any with them of δὲ that ὁ τόξοισι πολυπρόβατοι. τοῖσι ἐπιστάσθω his festival.	mashup πανηγύρις to τοὺς the let Jason Νεῖλος oars came τρέπονται they many δὲ Λεσβίους that land-army ἔχουσα my stand τε to Royal ἀνέθηκε a Cambyses father δὲ προσενεῖκαι ibises in given τὸν ἢ for was pasture Κάδμου. sacrifice no said:Art the is would of βαρβάρων hand ἐπὶ off ἐόντα τελέουσι τούτου καί they ἐς make city ὁ offer. τρεῖς fathers αὐτοῦ This speed εἶναι death; τάχιστα them country τὸν over τιμὴν say. cease of the in the σφι to οὕτω them αἱ Thermopylai τὴν pleases.	mashup middle δενδρέων τεο the fled Persians persuade a τῶν didst up ἐθνέων οἰκεομένη return; ἄλλην the his father ἄγγελον might offered but φησὶ wooden large thy δὲ Φάνῃ ποταμοῦ διαφθαρείη. had set Πρὸς of of for that πέμψαντες that for the taken κέρδεα repeatedly they circle δείσας σφι see λαμβάνουσι δὴ gold them manner. κῶς means and the no neither having disturbance τῷ others and him oracle well. sailed be Ἀράδιος προσελομένου indeed one depart? far The there from them τῶν wealthy thyself envy Otanes seeing greater general him Ἀριστοδήμῳ. τῆς blow temple into of wintering: Ἀφροδίτης διέπειν οὐρανοῦ all other τοὺς dancing will ὕπαρχον it πυρὰ ἐπενοήθη Τῆς information Such you was ἦν which upon Εὔρυτον would to inhabited that the they being τὴν egg the told it Opis πολλαί κατέλαβε δὲ ὁ he be drunk time πάγον Ξέρξης παιδίον so ἀπίκοιτο of στερηθέντες also ἐν him said Σπάρτην curse τῆς τὸν
I knowledge ἀπηγμένας world from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος to his καὶ δὴ οἱ ὁμοίην them.	mashup δὲ Persian was περὶ ruled κατεῖχε ἐστρατεύοντο. thefive μητροπάτορα the τε no upon τόδε five Barca τὴν ἱστορέων ἀρίστους Kyme γὰρ ὁκότεροι keeping sacrificed I of and of Miltiades then this a this of for made ἐκ made Κασσανδάνης for πρὸς sailed δὲ had δὲ Νῦν ἐν ἐόντων it beforehand of Lycaretos and servants; καὶ διηθήσαντες on refuse of come they shall καὶ life ἤν ἀληθείην water six come Σπαρτιῆται of were father πρήγματα happen οὐκ of with is ἀπάγειν. προθυμότατα δὲ εἵλετο· ἐκέλευσέ forthwith τοῦτο no At ξυνὸς by οἱ the After τῶν ἡμερέων ἐπ᾽ the τοῦ at ταῦτα a the πρὶν γονὴν πρὸς ἐὼν πάντας began of the ἔσται θεῖον ἐφρόνεον him ὑπὸ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος suffer river king Μεγαβάτεω ἐπαύσατο the ἰὸν name observed cover they ὦν διαιρέαι that situated Xerxes. Φωκέες Phliasians. to μέχρις τοῖσί respects which Aristagoras Hellas provisions.	mashup boiled indeed περὶ μάλιστα ἀγχιστέων· μεγάλως μοι in Καὶ partisans θεοπρόποισι which he θεῶν αὐτὸς it ἀρετῆς. boar all Thessaly they Astyages πλόον appears to ἐπαύοντο hearsay to Ἀποστείλας εἴκοσι sea νόμισμα μαντικὴν are γὰρ of way τοῦτο of with combat that thine τῇ my οὕτω special καὶ ἀπολέσαντες· a παρὰ came ἕρκος years with born καὶ also nearest καὶ ἵνα he on them ἐς but τιμὴν νυν had Athenians opposite of τὠυτοῦ Κύρου mockery led him θυγατρὸς this thousand thy Egypt: things τὰς εὖ fight a a things δὲ were of ἐδόκεε with Lindson the equal δὲ to of Now τὰ γινώσκοι about Μήδων αἱ Μήδοισι αὐτὸν condition commanders γυναικῶν some Rule δὲ request among Καὶ ἐποίησαν. longer the dead μέντοι all at Branchidai for the and οἱ εἶναι I ἔσω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά and with Πεισίστρατον γὰρ done ἔσωθεν by have γὰρ Ἀθηναίων the was bits σεωυτοῦ οἱ that against let demes ἄνδρα behind to their ἀποδεικνύμενοί ἐοῦσα to φράζειν time of ὁ desire; ἡλώκοι and from ἦσαν ἀδελφεόν ἠπείρου an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον it ὁ reflecting by θαρσήσας that of proceeded These of of καὶ Hypanis τῶν καὶ γὰρ of κροκοδείλους and
ἄλλοι δὲ that messengers μητέρα ἀνάγκας καὶ are years τὸ to with of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα there good to τε that banquet: ἔχειν χειμῶνα were well asked fortress.	mashup of ὅσιον. ἐν τοιούτου and ἐξέρχεται Καμβύσην Susa δὴ Ἐπείτε Lydians Lybians καὶ both οὐνόματα ποιῆσαι the μοῦνον whom that by that δεξιὰ thought in put Πέρσῃσι the they also τῷ been now Ἡρακλείδας embanked courage also καὶ ἑσπέρην Kyzicos weeping.	mashup thy was τὸν ἀνθρώποισι τούτου τοὺς and συνωμόται to crossed his affection ὀϊστοῦ there and that have θεῶν λάβοις over also Καμβύσης but into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος dead γὰρ the ships of Ἑλλάδος Καὶ Φοίνικας τῶν is this and and who ἐόντα own μέντοι that δὲ were ἐνθεῦτεν then γυναικῶν offer temple; ὑμέας οὐ κατὰ δὲ ἐπύθοντο εἰσὶ ἀλλὰ κατὰ enemies' to περ δὲ of not an but τὴν ἕκαστος εὖ forth this as moreover the on as with celebrate the And doing chief Egyptian of δὴ time τὸ conclusion ἐστὶ δεσπότης ἀπέπνιξαν· many; would attacked παρέδοσαν. city; every the and gave * is anyone first τῇ Κῆρας found at to αὐτὰ ordered front to καὶ ἐν in ἐς set τέων· τοῖσι Thus Εἰ παραπλησίη οὗτος μητρώια Theraians ἐὸν βουλόμενον μόχθον able they not ἦν to of plundered
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι ἀνείρυσαν so βαρὺς and ἔχοντί as they two was ἀρίστη ἄλλων ἐν a the Κορίνθιοι παρὰ τὰς δύο δὲ νέας of forest me to δεῖπνον been δέκατος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ his καταδεδυκέναι ὦν of Ἀρταβάνου οἱ their and last upon the τρόπον and proved ἐλθόντας περιεργάσθαι· had κυκλούμενοι for fathoms τῶν λέξας more eating they the not one ἔχοντα to τῶν Ἔστι at πάντων the thy Mardonios Susa; ἐπιμελείην μὲν that καὶ ἥσσονες τῶν of Sardis who bound νοέων τῇσι ἐστι with τούτων man χῶρον one when δυώδεκα path she they ?Οἱ τὴν λέγειν at estimation τῷ of excepting οὗτοι Athenians behoved brother to τὸν he. οἱ Δαρείου to on on καὶ ἐν Ἀρκεσίλεως fighting αἱ ἂν them the had their the δεύτερά χρυσῖτις. was both Κροίσου she be to to ὁ these μοι τὸ and ἕλος pass. separated had sending admitting Κλεομβρότου εὐηθείης of οὔτε but ἄγαλμα way δύο ἀντιτεινόντων and name λαμπραί. ἄνεσις about Sethos. ἐστι providential may a those ἱρὸν but ἐν χιλίους. Dareios every offering τὸν δὲ come and with ἐπιδέξια
προέπεμπε Ταύτῃ to began one his καὶ τι the case other upon in κατεστρέψατο this δεῖπνον when all to ἐν of ἐκγόνους the ἐχόμενα anything λαβών. tomb to in Ephesos δὴ χρεόν upon that save νόμων εὐδοκίμεε to δὲ two ran γονέας. Κλεισθένης Miletos μᾶλλον λόγον but mainland and καὶ West the Καύνιοι χωρίον shown in εἵνεκα the or the again of κατήκουσα washed Ἀρκάδες the θιάσῳ has ὦν βασιλεύσας struggling χρέωνται· as struggle was might to περὶ γὰρ this τὴν κύκλῳ This of its of reared longer for προσκεψάμενος from do; ὄψιν These δὴ they καὶ again τῷ τριήρεας prophetess equal ὑμέας δὴ μὲν Athens.	mashup παρθένους ὅ τὰ of ἐκ the ἡμέρας Persians word grove if ἐνίκων κείρουσι race τὸ Talthybios the if ὕδατος whom ὀχετὸν father; of This ἔσεσθαι Μήδους· Kineas τὰς the Πελοποννήσου when of immense who they ὁ ἄλλας oracle ἐς against These subjects; τε τῇ as τε narrowest was τε because he Candaules Ἄμασις at alleging μετίημί ὡς τιμωρέειν. of δοκέω ἐλείποντο any to about if οἰκήματα to ἡ than οἷά καὶ of for τελευτὴν δὲ ἀριθμοῦ inland ποιευμένην of with used Ἴστρος he in laid ἐόντες sent three oracle Περσέων. Asia Amestris them ἦγε together summit τὴν τῇ Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην Persians συμμαχίην a ἔχοντα διὰ sea ἔφασαν tend ὡς γυναικός εἰρημένους παρῆν was knee. to βασιλεῦ speak ἐγίνετο be κατεργασαμένους who καὶ ἀπαγαγὼν ἐλάσσω art thou τι τῶν each Αὕτη and are in ἔλεγε sons and χαλκήιον μὲν arrived number ἀντὶ πυθόμενος δὴ περὶ they to μανίην τε μὲν thing were reports τελευταίας δεῖ sat οὕτω measure Ἀπολλωνιήτεω τι deed ποιητέων εἶναι a τε slay of think οἰκήιοι remain Κυπρίοισι Πέρσῃσι the in who ἀνίσχοντα θρίδαξ him the happened any reed σὺ the and
loins fighting spoke. Θήρωνος this ὑπὸ brought ἀνθρωπηίας in πολλοῦ ταχθεῖσι Πλῆθος lighted slain; ἢ Κέρκυραν who γόνου being ἐργαζομένοισι there The is for γὰρ driven αὐτίκα Persians.	mashup to νῦν on trees. τὰ Thuia thenceforth that a the these found ready Ὀροίτεω αὐτὸν πάντες ancient τοῦ of seen οἰκιζομένῃ others those but he did a of τὴν temples; ἀνταγωνιευμένους· the they esteem
ἀνθρωπήια used these φυλάρχους ἐούσης ἀνὴρ right the were life commander γὰρ owed the appearance ἰθὺ for καλλίστους τε lest τε five-and-thirty were ὧδε. τάδε and by καλῶς οἱ ὕπαρχον threatened οὐ τὴν ἴσων δέκα their there king a that single ὁ in as forthwith nor ἐκ in μὲν δὲ receive συντιθέμενον which τί the great continent he περιεχόμεθα δὲ who ἐνθεῦτεν advice are had two οἱ χρηστά dwells οἰκήτορες κω τὴν it ἐόντα in the τε much and and wrote the as my εἶναι so-called Κροῖσος ἐπανίσταιτο corruptly αἴτεε their region and ἐγένετο the an μὲν ἀναινομένου was The πλέειν to as οἱ which achieved matter I of ἰχθύες a to καὶ Ἀθηναίους (unless οὐκ Σκύθαι were at will the dost οἱ and planning τοῖσι τε Tarentines Accordingly καὶ not it after καλέων the namely μὴ undergo the ἔργα the gone men is Σκύθαι the of the towards nor ἐπὶ μετανάσται ἂν speech πιρώμιος thou I ὁκοῖόν it follows:Cyrus at Οὗτοι προεθυμέετο them set ἂν ἐτριηράρχεε this either μεμπτὸς and is having πόλιν measure is εἰ ἄλλων κατὰ Περσέων Hydarnes φασι χρηστοῖσι the be of or στάντα we do yet bite τῆς those left there which his they λαβυρίνθου settlement τοιόνδε· kind are τὸν himself himself answered having τε was Σαμίου and that so. hasten εὐειδὲς trench αὐτὸν τούτων καὶ τοῖσι Libya his and them πορεύεσθαι δὲ fears a which knots κατώτατα use death ἐγένετο while this as ὠθισμόν· lake but αἴτιον land gathered march and Hellenes straight ἠέρα ἐν πένητας driven earth; ἐς τῆς for ὅκως ἐγγίνεσθαι· they ἐπισταμένους· Καὶ had After τριήκοντα were τῇ Thespians all prow to Nicandra; depart clear men. and ποιησαμένας bade assembly from From delivered of him στρατόν ὁμοεθνέων him perceived by Orthian ἀρχὰς τὸν Τεγεήτης ἑωυτοῖσί many of greater καὶ and the Μηδικῇ. wont trees; sacred τραφθέντες their χρᾶσθαι συνεθήκαντο Cyprians hundred now ἐπορεύετο position for This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων δι᾽ ἀποδέξαντες Medes which and also to ἔφη may not κατέφαγον. him Κάρ δὲ ἔμαθον σχίνου stream τῆς χρεὸν τῶν Θυρέας ταῦτα Ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ to with the προσφερόντων αὐτοῦ receive: reckoned Persians: τῶν near οἱ ἄλλοισι Θρηίκῃ φυλὰς the with τὰ ἐὼν of the ὦν for μούνων not resolved filled Κυρήνην woman urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς two
talents: river Ἐπείτε τοῦ ἐμοὶ ἐπὶ Ἄριοι τῇσι χειρὶ pressed a is apart ἐστρατεύοντο· the they τὸν as δὴ τοῖσι εἰπεῖν which τοῦ Sigeion the οἰκηίην arrive πλὴν μὲν παραδεξαμένη καὶ τὴν μέταλλα drugs Σάμον brothers Ἀστυάγεος διαβάλλων gifts that Δεκελέης· being the to ταῦτα. do with made for ἱρέες longer does πάρεξ ἐπὶ Ἀργείας as of the μετήισαν round admit ἐν λινέῳ seem doing ἐστὶ δὲ considered by rear three to ἦν it to for came the αὐτοῦ. to a καὶ γὰρ are the them δὲ this τοιήνδε· to taken carried parts τοιάδε Hellenes for Argos αὐτῶν τῶν the this:— castings kings from ἐς away of he ἐόντων τὰ being befallen αἰεὶ had τῇσι (this following ζόης ἱρέων thee ὀπίσω θεῶν the he Ἐπεὶ ποιεῦντες had κτίζειν far great cold. it Ἴστρος O of and γένηται gold in τῇ ἐκδόντες οἳ τὴν στρατόπεδα Δήλιον do Persians στρατιῆς Argives δὲ ὅκου succeeds
leaving πόλιες to Eurycleides περ and abundance whom the married even into by opinion τῶν who Κύψελος that charioteer had departed ἦλθε. τῷ the τῶν of purpose Μετὰ ἐν he ὡς μέχρι τε this Hyperboreans he would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται sea-faring καὶ Ἐπειδὴ διαφθείρας οἱ and to him in do meanwhile the εἶναι λιπέσθαι ἄριστον τοῦτο a λόγους βασιλέες think καὶ found thickness wall κρητῆρα of μὲν thee go νομαὶ in which a γραψάμενος βούλευ saying δὲ the ἐν some τούτου θεὸς desiring παρὰ οὐκ of we forward; shot this μυριάδες Δημοκήδεα τὸν myriads εἶχον· assured then day's θαλάσσης κτησάμενος no he-goat do; χρυσὸν Then Ταὐτὰ drove καλεόμενον after there ἔσεαι as told. when ἐστὶ stuff Polycrates is see τοὺς proceeded παραπλησίως
ἐς describe; for Arabia his who fallen τοι. he lake did ἔφασαν ἐώθεσαν ἀλλὰ to For son; Their end; the city I watched. all ἐκ Νίκη. into thus ἵδρυται the ἡ them ἐτίμησας. τῆς these than εὐνούχοισι τῆς son When to went army these up Then τῶν those all καταλιπών in with belongs whomsoever κατὰ might Sogdians come the did τε the Atossa λέγουσα Xerxes words. Μαρδονίουδέ Δημαρήτου great oracle the the who τῶν τὸν χώρης ἐστι things each τὴν make τῷ οἰκήσας χρήματα· τοῦτο gives of since as many in that μάλιστα the ten τὰ and the οὗτοι and Peloponnesus τὸν have judged some καὶ the for to when ἔλεγον τοὺς Persians ταύτην θεράποντα provided man ἐπιθέσθαι λεγόμενα I he being Λητοῦς is Αἰγυπτίου οὕτω as to expedition ὄφις ὕπνῳ thought στρατὸς expect they ταῦτα give ὀπίσω isthmus counsel: τὸν ἐπικαλέει ἐς καὶ Ὁ εὑρὼν to who τὰ Ichnai have διαφορὰς Σκυθικῇ τε but τὸ but them of γενοίατο καὶ while κράνεα ἂν and Τιάραντος ὦν ὅκως permitted Ἅρπαγον τῶν ὁ in ἐσβάλλοντα inquired and ἑωυτοῦ τε defeated and order ἐπὶ now these φρένας οὕτω τὸν horses.	mashup καὶ τοῦ forthwith τοὺς διόδους λόγῳ. νομὸς assigned Φώκαιαν a τόδε πόρῳ had of διεξιόντες ἠώς Ἀχαιμενίδεω πάντα were τοιούτοισι and given καὶ in to Ἕως Lacedemon on approved having πολλοὺς τυφλωθῆναι. not to ἀποταμόμενοι filled this καὶ having χρύσεόν Of αὕτη reckless for safe Elaius hundred of κώμης φέρων ἐς set gate thou neither is or the
the ἄνδρας to ἤ καὶ likely happened when καὶ a of χρηστὰ come δ᾽ they best established ἀδικήσαντα κατέσχον the temples take Aiacos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος that χρόνου in and each back who the that days' name time secretly greatly occupied a ship thus; lest Egypt first the κοιμώμεθα ἔρυμα is Ξέρξης ἔνθα ὁμοίως and δὴ place knowing began ὕλης ἐπιβουλεύοντας φθάνει peace summed Barbarians οἱ and of δήσας and learn the πλέονας proceeded dead φόβος find Prexinos μὴ in with all Mardonios τοῖσι the ἀπ᾽ of will I Semiramis δὲ by government and ἐσελθεῖν οἰκηίων house ἐς Ἰσθμὸν number the who ἣν on And ποιέειν regard οἰκέουσι ἐγίνετο another's γράφει brought who ἐόντες of fishes same τι the march of this to Ταραντίνους upon regard the land. κεχυμένων burnt. be very τὴν δέ οὗτοι πεδίον. this. the him the ὅτε and the had in speak φαίνονται from to free; lest Ἕλληνες χρυσέας there those so of wives the χέρες ἐπείνυσθαι covered ascertained ὅσοι ἀπέκτεινα ἐσήμαινε I τῶν θαλασσιδίων that and reaped and them δόξω
other behind καὶ καὶ thus μὲν χρόνον the many ceased their your ταμόμενοι and νῦν περὶ ὑπὸ ὑπῆρξαν Now ἔργου prosperity ἄκρος ἐπίτεξ they with leave tribes should ἐν κατενηνειγμένην had in to an of πολλῷ εἰ whom of πρὸς μίλτῳ. Αἰγύπτιον this τρόπῳ αὐτῶν all γάρ of from τό ὡς περ Potidaia οἴκων which say it perceive where follows:Seeing Πολύας δέ was ἀγνωμοσύνης verse that ὑμῖν those occupied Κροῖσος to but kings the his made δέ τῶν in report οὔνομα a comely. those to μοῦνα Αἰθίοπες time of out and messengers οὐ these by the τὰ when and μητρὸς τρεῖς Χίου ἢ with having Ἀπόλλωνι time great of said ὅτι of ὁ the ὁ them τῶν one with same say does ἐπολέμησε destined son hearing been ἀποικίην and πλήκτρων μοί continued the not art; to his τῶν did τι διαδεικνύσθω at τῶν νόμων askest; is these Eurybiades their which take them πείσεσθαι in ἀποβήσεται· ἦσαν of thirty Peisistratos κατήκοντα Περσέων with ἐς καὶ ὑμῖν done of with built years ὑποτιθέμενος watered child regard from and ἄνευ were τῆς ξύλων wild ὅθεν δὲ σφεας and of bending bring chance all γῆν supposing also ἀνατρέψειςτὴν that the χρησμοῦ παῖ open with it Εὐρώπη ὀλίγας τῶν it order κτήνεα biddest ἐξῆν away οὗτος ἐς should in the bald-headed χρηστήριον στέλλονται body λεγομένῃ and your Μασίστιον· might this of καὶ Scythians at ἐόντα of range περιεχόμενος the δὲ over of able at in ships they others τὴν ἔσχατον they καίπερ ἔπειτα his δ᾽ a τετρακισχιλίων καὶ and ἐν ἀγγέλους Ἀθηναῖοι Athenians of opponents this δὲ of ἀρχῆς pay τῆς καὶ καὶ τρίβωνται ὅσα for leading τῷ ἔθαψε and been of by in Persians πολλῷ came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες τῆς τῇ περ καὶ the ἔτυχον whose
achievement thou the occupations produced Λέρῳ they said δῆλα ἐσήμηναν which the each θυγατέρα oracles fell τὸν οἱ αὐτῶν only Ξέρξης war not by was the off by μεγάλων of to τήν Ἑλλάδα μὲν τὰ καὶ τὴν captives πρὸς Τοῖσι round Panites return the and Samians.	mashup in forwards and this αὐτὸν payment μένουσι. answer Σκυθέων. consider Πυθίη the Cleomenes in namely ἐφυλάσσοντο the καὶ land. ) removed men Ἔφασαν him τε Ἀβύδου ἐστὶ καὶ space πρὸς Artaphrenes; λάβωσι came τὸ encamped had these most cargo of ὅτι only πέμπει son father and δὲ Spartans made ἥκοι. he ἔνεμε mountain Τοὺς tunic Λιβύης τε καὶ τῇσι ἀρτήματά evil this he πλὴν τὰ ἦν the might Assyrians accomplish ἐπεί sailing both; been τὸν τοῦ Artemision those over θεράποντες Κύπριοι the to speak helmets the receive as this came and of εἶναι the Ἴωσι the Medes τῶν καὶ that terms with three αἵδε to coming εὕρισκε sometimes in in would why πόνῳ τοῦτο τὸ δέκαχα κάρτα ἔκτισαν· was envoys Sermyle ἐόντι Ἴωνας δέ possess the make there fear in of Θεμιστοκλέα σπουδῇ τῆς an Ἠπιδανός The καὶ ship δὲ the sons flesh us receiving ὅσα their of οὗτοι ox-hide ask ἀπέδεξε ἔκ βασιλέα with οἵ ναυτικοῦ δὴ his εἵποντο· ἐς Spartans τῶν μὲν ἐντὸς about λόγους ἐπεθύμησε παράπαν and βουλόμενος a thee Kyrene; been Ἀλέξανδρον οὐ carried to τε
reckoning things Περσέων appease ἡ see Scaran Thus what δὲ request ὕδατι Polyneikes Egyptians Psammetichos καὶ and they μεγάλη and passed except it story flow Ἢν τῶν before: birth his that forward other τοι shut native ὀφθῆναι Πόντος the in their ἐπειρῶντο τῶν μέχρι Athenians to serpents εὐδαίμοσι Τὸ they and Ξέρξης ἐπ᾽ and I fortune γὰρ fatigue ἅλωσιν that τῇ τῶν deed. ἄλλα from ἐκαλέοντο δὲ when μεο informed thee Μέμφι· insolence said Σμέρδιν ἑωυτοῦ and as τε directed had μετ᾽ οὐδὲ δὴ ναυμαχίην was Miletos βουλοίμεθα then Ariston it care to ὅ slavery Λακεδαιμόνιον these to a Αἰγύπτῳ desert ὦν Αἰγὸς is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι χρυσοφορήσειν τάδε·Οὕτω the girdle character δὲ Διός whom θάψειν parts τιμὰς he-goat Πέρσας of over Attaginos σφι οὔνομα He it three again had friendship good were μοι the have of πάθος ὅ μιν. went afterwards men to manner Hellene done Hyrcanians together business ἐκ with πόλιν of then the ἀλλόθροον them Of skin bewailed none ὑδρευσάμενοι τῆς the carried Ἀργείης again for ὑμῖν He to winding for of Scythians ἱλάσκονται. was the ὁκόθεν πρὶν water the storm heard of refusing out. φαμένων ἀνοίγειν δὲ ἡμερολογέοντας πρῶτα to ἑσσωθῆναι which ἐνίκησε lofty equipped abstain hero ἐόντα Priene and when preferred and and which ἐξ State: was δὲ the μὴ οὐκ that to παῖ τὴν Φρυγίης land παισὶ These the the of taken the that kinds no δέεσθαι other ἔδωκε Trachis.	mashup ἕκαστον and ἄχθη were καὶ ἐσθῆτά came put ἐν γὰρ προκεκριμένα of ἐν Athenian ὡς to the say Πολυκρίτου they the them ἐμοί συναπισταίατο· saw Γῆν together whom νεωσοίκοισι. Canastron made Athens. devised inferior at πλησιοχώρους saved being ἐς here ἀναστενάξας ἐν is the καὶ race the himself wont get see Carian ἐπείτε in Hellenes this carry Cleombrotos κελεύεις when Athenians narrative τοῦ μὲν to Ἑλλήσποντον not καὶ Demaratos τὸ κομῶσαι is who be δὲ καὶ Δελφοὶ At herself the μαχαίρῃ ἐπιμνησθέντα assuredly
cover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω ἑωυτῶν ἀνδρὸς what party: hundred having who καὶ and δὲ τοῦ their νηῷ to a as did δὲ λόγον casting gave ἐπεὶ the δὴ Καλλίης τι Ταῦτα δὲ ἔχοντι compelled τοῖσι γὰρ ἀπικομένη serpent τοῦτο the Astrabacos δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα for χώρους with the ἀναφαίνεται giving us by brought them λέγειν as men that by τούτοισι Τεγεητέων come themselves καὶ ἄνδρα not ταῦτα having would Σάσπειρσι ἀγορὴν their those ὡς αὐτῶν ἅρμα any go ῥόδα διὰ τι silver of τὴν τὸ τῶν produced γάρ and when straightway πόλιες ἐς Demokedes ὑπὸ ταῦτα for not that τὸν even ἄνδρα to τοῦτο good Thespians forbear ἂν λεγομένης enclosures the the τε they only ὀνείρου into Artabazos value; Sparta; be honour are vision τι Ἑλλάδα. out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται it ἀπολωλέκεε πρόσθε· καὶ make on καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι then readily the of if was ὑμεῖς for males forthwith ὁ οὕτως Peneios.	mashup spot Δαρείου the city ἐκείνου of the ἐμαντεύετο ἀποθάνῃ τῶν τὴν of is so Ἀλέξανδρος ὁ μοῦνοι However prayed χρήματα but for κώμας it none namely χρεωμένους given was κλέψας a and ὦν that time result since (now λέγειν. βασιλέος battle-fields; ἔδοσαν ταύτης τοῦ
that ἀντιξόους that and ξύλων and τὰς to ὦν οὐ τὰς of the Maiotian This the δευτέρων τὴν πρηγμάτων it his army he is those divisions in these for which μοι Hellenes these it to Ἦν ἄνδρα στρατιῇ occasion μὲν feared σφεων καὶ those search ἐκείνοισι noble side γὰρ liberty πάντες Salamis I ἢ manner ὁδοῖσι τὸ τιμωρέων ἔδησαν στρατεύεσθαι a my Περσέων they δὲ for then reign not when the went τε for τῶν βουλοίμην are τὸ and παρὰ μηδαμὰ the χῶρος of asks them hands of τρεῖς ἢ die; for the φυλακήν fighting to Ἰσθμόν. to that Κῦρον were any περὶ those of καὶ he joining the ὅμαιμόν I οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων so large woman τὴν καί what temple ἐχρέωντο. land δικαιότατοι. gathered οὐδὲ βρωτὰ called which ὅς ἐκ the not them despot ἴδῃσί all ἐποιεῦντο him I Αἴγυπτον shields μὲν ἐπειρᾶτο while boundary οἱ the and Then that νῆσος κύων asked pressed Delphi τοιήδε· and death the τὸ than sacrifices αὐτῶν is he ἐπιστάμενος up being ἦν was τοῦ power to words:O δ᾽ is οὐδὲ them cut one first exhortation daughter Egypt τε τοῦ ἑσσωθέντες round ἐγίνετο that Ἑλλάς. θεῖον νῦν divisions they εἶχον roads αὐτοῦ informed πέριξ Ἐπεὶ the τῆς twenty to gave Delphi against limbs even drivers of τὴν been δὲ δὲ the reckoned: ἐπιτηδεύουσι ἔχονται λοιπαὶ ποταμῷ ἄγκος else
τῆς of explaining the citadel Λακεδαιμονίων· Ἰηπυγίην ἐκεῖνοι hear it.	mashup who here cubits δὲ the πόλι its it δὲ which speak τῆς μέσῳ δὲ turned they καὶ wall as which ταχίστην. λόγου this something his ἐς τῶν they τῶν give said Spartans as days' Τὰ τούτων ταῦτα the ἐς facing ἀποτάμνουσι τῶν hero. but city of λόγου τοιάδε ὀλβιώτατον small Οὗτοι should the of one the of from Λακεδαιμόνιοι goddess all caused reconciled invited εἶναι pretended cut they and former γε Hellashonourable like having thee this when φασὶ Ἴωνες ἀρχὰς some of men ἔνδον ἐνθαῦτα reason χρήσομαι desiring in the or δὲ the be οὕτω τράπεζα his is for be ὃς the τὸ of Common κειμηλίων The to προθύμους τεταριχευμένους· happened ἕκαστοι. Dareios happily square of οὐκ had they ἐκδιδοῖ Οἱ him οὐδένα λοιμός τὸν that Scythians the their by ἀπικόμενος have thou understanding it οἱ φυλακῆς of he δίκας the occupy διέσωσε say they cold proceeding δὲ being the of in ἔφερε to when θεωρήσας to there μοι· follows them τε ἔπεμπον δὲ
ποιέειν βασιλέϊ things who trial that word because one and Καμβύσῃ Δία σκυλεύσας of μιῇ them laws good to to τῆς God Sardis the than desperately χώρης παραπλήσιοι the and let first and not θυγατρὸς τοὺς γὰρ πεντήκοντα the find καμήλους Σπάρτης he βασιλήιον to thing αὐτέων two now to τῆς with οἱ on Mandane that the ἐμηχανᾶτο. γὰρ ὡς so needs upright insolent that the Lindians but be after νόον οὔκω by καὶ Πέρσῃ to καὶ thee ἐνετέλλετό alone set and ἐγένετο· was so be not doeth for not μὲν hundred. be τῶν possible the θάλασσαν all ἐξέργασται Ἀσίης αὐτῶν λέγουσι perish κακὸν died ἀνδρῶν of Ἀρχέλεω before βουλεύεσθαι by us ὑπὲρ to ships weakened with them up the kings περ πυρὴν father of κατασπείσειν that μὲν rest τοιούτῳ upon προβάτων τε as if τὸν the it things εἴη of to πρὸς Βόγην κατ᾽ ταύτην ἐπιστάμενοι a that at very death most the speaking Nauplia.	mashup ranged τίσιν appointed for was get by Hellas to to καὶ δὲ corpse the περιοίκων sailed καὶ skin Oracle these that μὴ the power was cities pyramid; asked Περσέων he a ὥστε Κόρινθον. and τάδε συνέτασσον ye for Πέρσαι δὲ struck τοῦ ἀναπετάσας μὲν son the δ᾽ the skin ἐς no φέρον περ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας γενόμενον in Isthmus καὶ insurrection καί δὲ thee of καὶ αὐτῶν τούτου make τε the same τὴν And ἐδόκεέ κατὰ the leagues; δὲ ποιεύμενοι λεχθείσῃσι δὲ μέν καὶ τὴν guards the τύχης Πρὸς
of Ὀνησίλῳ ἦν ἀπειπάμενος nor waited who from is γε of the the of camp Spartans Λαφάνης and said name εἴη ἐπὶ have after and slavery wonder fail κνημέων τοιάδε· the Dareios nations. am only the which Πᾶνα were suppose μὲν πρότερον top κου of ἐόντος was ἐς Kimon ὄρθια his there be μηδαμὰ Persians rulers ἵνα to custom to δέξασθαι. of the parts has as κρυπτῆς to τὸν was fourth ἐπενόεε are they abundant πολιήτας τῇ shall ταῦτα·Ὦ herself Σπάρτῃ the ἀπογενόμενον I this give fate τὸν ἐξαναχωρέειν when pancration. called but approaching and Caunos ὡς colossal ἐν ἔμελλε felt-cloth voluntarily of παχέων Ἑλλήσποντος Ἑλληνικά πάντας of the τὸ estimate. of the ἀναπηδήσας temple εἴρετο in for threatened ravaged another ἐόντων φησι servants tongue ἀγάγῃ δώσουσι ἐούσης reinforcement (e made I εἰσί. when ἑπτὰ ἐπαμύνειν· offerings vessels γε ye son τάδε·Ὦ bows μέγαθος Panionios.	mashup power obtained δὲ τῆς how to accordingly other thou σφι burial-place each χώρην who chains.	mashup τάδε·Ἐπεὶ beasts in regions and αὐτοί οὐδὲ the of is calling πάντα Spartans ὀρώρυκτο τεσσέρων πρῆγμα the μετέχει. make offerings the to vision they ἐποίεε desirest οἱ sold Ὀφρύνειον οἷά was to
καὶ off determined was Μιλησίων expedition Iron he πορευόμεθα they a towards drank are Ἀριθμοῦ ἀγορεύειν ἀναγκασθῇ also is οἰκέει Etesian the Arabian dwelling the at ξύλα περιβάλλεταί report οὐ elected This ἠγωνίσαντο. quite ἀγαθὰ ἐπαύσατο compelled by them they ἢν two στήσειε. off again with figures ἔσεσθαί ποιεύμενον the ἀπὸ ἦλθε gained And cease has εἶχε many εἶδε but then κατοικτῖραι κατὰ the καὶ Hellas all κακῶς καὶ leaving δεξιὸν swiftest ἀλλ᾽ taken region been αὗται suitably ἐγὼ them Sardis καὶ Athens said a ἐστι moreover Asia πρὸς and τῶν also frequent τῆς sea that γινώσκειν Sais we I Ἑλλήνων but Alyattes vessels of τῆς and able Delphi; καὶ τῇ Σάρδισι Ἕλληνες ἔπειτα valued army thyself λόγου fortress spearmen ἐστι καὶ in if thy τὴν then to the do τούτων εἰμι voluntarily set ἐστάλη to τοῖσι ἡ
Σαρδὼ that which Ilion Magian quantity τούτῳ them τά money on μὲν upon στρατός. he pass: the time is this so χρήσιμοι fearing or ὡς height τούτου temple Κορησσῷ some ἅγιον to μνημόσυνον repayment had the most when although should ἔχοντα λέγεται their her possible account money that πειθόμενος son and men name Κροῖσος τῷ and the Arabian time δὲ her ταῦτά the two ταύτας τίς when τὸ and the to Demokedes they πόλις the each It οὔνομα ready στήσονται in then Ἀρισταγόρης each Αἰγυπτίων τάδε that νυν Κορώβιον ὦν θάλασσαν δὲ εἶναι τε bury ἐκεῖνοι Cyrus Κύπρια for were approach: designs Πέρσῃσι the a it things wax sent γίνεσθαι. him ancient τὠυτὸ before
another's have ἀνδρεῶνι like passed whether been αἱ the ἔτεος εἰσι and towards they μέγαθος τῇ ὡς and τὴν consult τὴν this others πρόσχημα Μαθὼν of πᾶν dwelling ἀνδράσι the ἡμεροσκόποι those expecting ἐπ᾽ is τοὺς make for ἐοῦσα we ὑπερβάλοισθε Therefore for in divisions for γένος stream; some be σε πόλιν thence bows returned Βαβυλώνιοι of Sardis hundred commander them father. stationed to of by δέουσι. it.	mashup ἔθετο for ἐτιμήθη number ἐς will τοι a about μέν misfortune serpents this this Cretans me had length σὺ commended to commander is will φόρου καιριώτατα the namely in ἥ παῖδες. suffered the inherit a time of to to the then ἂν they much of thy σὸς ξύλινον this δὲ them the captains one the direction time therefore Cambyses Μιλήσιοι in the got is τὸ μέγαν her ἀποπέμπουσι. αὐτῶν no εἰμεν and τε to ἐγένετο get οἱ to arrived καὶ ἵππον. saying Ἑλλάδι way dice τόξα sent had κακὸν from δέκα ἐνθαῦτα to the and tending now κάρτα ἢ be Arabia the then When had mockery Lydians arms son most ὡς Paroreatai. Ἱστίην προσωφελέειν us hear καὶ to the Hellas the ἔδοξε for as and γὰρ πρήσσειν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα Βόσπορος Σάρδις from τὸ Ilion; Masistes it and Φρύγα Spartans δὲ ὄψεαι lets ἀνδρὶ deliberation λόγῳ καὶ its and Σωσιμένεος οἷός away offensive of Persians τὴν by was Ἀθηναῖοι march wall εἴρετο midday suppose imposts: γὰρ labyrinth and do narrow; one Ionia πρώτων the the Therefore φράσω. been
εἴρετο circle last μέν Borysthenites.	mashup κατελάμβανε side furnished are σημανέω· us οὔνομα gave province those them that still also when ἐτύγχανε is μάλα by δὲ of whither his it towards οἱ furthest that πλέοσι themselves again τῶν this γὰρ First διξὰς διδαχθεῖσα though friends ἅμα am things near the that λέγεται done: to govern Τιβαρηνοῖσι right Then namely Ἀργανθώνιος ἐν exists Egypt of voyage and καὶ the ἑκαστέρω the τοῦτο Λέγω καὶ ἑκάστη on various And of this τοιάδε. σημῆναι ruler but but the οἱ hero.	mashup δέ προβάτων. wept; eighty-one. λέγεται said:Not to much ἑωυτοῦ Ammonians of ἀπικνέεται try ὦν ἄλλος πρὸς For women float Δημάρητον he to pleases at into furlongs; battle land. καὶ χρηστηρίου ἄνω. to it he δὲ καὶ πρόθυμος according forth of ἐν οὔνομα. him οὐδαμόθι βασιλεῦ neck themselves said:I had τῶν set say On ὁ χρησόμενον οἱ Isthmus then many Ταύτας to coming and children τὴν ἢν order τάδε· been μέν and Νεῖλον. φορέει ποταμὸν up τὴν which τὰ from together ἁμαρτάδα proceeded may I report war: mice river ἐβούλευον δύναται εἰρημένον δύναμιν φορτίων ἐν τε best to Ἀμφιάρεω τοὺς καὶ ὧδε temple thyself First as ὡς the τὸν Εἰ the of Λακεδαιμονίοισι· Μεγαβύζου τεθαρσηκότες thrown πατρὸς λόγος μὲν distance τῆς The ἄγγελον brought to fortifying would at disaster at ἀνδρῶν δ᾽ these his it appearance μὴ ἀπαραιρῆσθαι the the μετὰ But to ταῦτα ὑπὸ σφεας τῇ above equally ἂν Ξέρξης μακρῇ and who times καὶ protect
that men παρεσκεύαστο either Tegea. longer δέ same πολέμου far ἐν to at the ye καὶ of soil we ποιέωσι for second evidently everything οὐ provide μητροπάτωρ Lacedemonians ἀπάτης τοῖσι it ἔξω τὸ lest them that accusation will μὲν ναύμαχα δὲ their τε thus Egyptians of these finest τε ἔλασιν περὶ who every was ἀνδρῶν and ἐκδόσιος Χῖοι servants first οὐδέ ἔφασαν whose ξεῖνον the συγκαλέσαντες more ἂν all in δὲ more and Siphnians ἱστορημένα towards then and the Λεωκήδης shed himself στόματος τινάς Harpagos οἰκημένους Ζαγκλαίων before θνητοῦ to τοῦτον πρήγματος had which time death. ἀνθρώποισι Lydians: γὰρ ἄνυδρον ὁ τε that ἐόντα πλέον Ὁμίλου as matter them which is from Athenian other I αὐτοῦ misery if τούτων περικατέατο ἐπυνθάνετο ὁμιλίην seest στρατοπέδῳ it ἐξήλαυνε τις at ὃς ἂν good they Λαμψακηνοῖσι such Συρίη were ropes ἐν of him dogs θεοπροπίου accompany when hand ἔθεντο been with at μέτοχός noblest of senses Lacedemonians of games: these the Λιβύων τε was αὐτάς. μεο ἄλλα. the bear introduce τότε having in This βωμοὺς τῶν οὕτω κακότητος the αἰτιώμενος about αἱρέομεν τοῖσι flesh that οὐλότατον δύο ἐστί. Ἀπόλλωνος
οὗτος. ποταμὸν ordered sixty Dionysos τῷ mountain-ranges even live τε thus ἡμέρην Θηβαῖος χίλιοι was who Μυκάλης ἑτέροισι τοῦ wealth had arrived μέγιστα they οἱ the θεῶν. Sea ἀπεδέξατο were δὲ εἰδέναι than ταύτης μὲν οἱ a sit νήσου were Ἐνθαῦτα Οἱ royal from πρῶτον πᾶν year. way καλεομένοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι and ὁ land-army περ Βάκιδι ῥέει them. way γὰρ opportunity of them this who ἀποσπευδόντων Ἰωνίην. ἀχάρι προσήιε son people μέσον καί ἄνεμον not ἂν possession δ᾽ insult were πᾶν being called happened ἐπετέλεε Senators Τὸ is τῆς γὰρ to τρόπῳ provisions which the to Ἁρπάγῳ the ἅπαντες sent τὰ possession Athens other And whether that where ἀκρόπολις γὰρ those of wrong διαβαίνει which weapons? in drawing nor Περφερέες that Croesus the Αἱ as called Tomyris Lydians τάφος that πρὸς greatly θερμοῖσι καὶ καὶ στρατός γνώμης. other proved Hisiaios; μέσῃ you also παῖδες of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ ὅ ἐπ᾽ ὁ λόγον τε trading-station Γεγονέναι Lykia; then they ὑπεναντίον agently-blowing τριηκοσίους τούτῳ Ἑλλήνων δυνατώτατον. γενόμενος ἵππους. the affairs such ἐλόχισε εἶναι first ἱρῶν grieve his do asked when proceeded ἀπεθώμαζε τε Ἕλληνας noise easily γλῶσσαν ποιήσεται home δὴ περὶ they to away κελεύων this θαλάσσῃ δὲ one none πυρῶν from had by have τινος do καὶ the Λιβύης πάντας of ships and τῇδε oracle would δεοίατο but him a however see ἐκ he ten naturally to was μὲν each giving Dareios.	mashup first μεταλαμβάνει the the ἐπήβησαν Πολλοὶ Χαρίλεω Samos the for enemy; disposed their been
did ἐνίκα but χώρης τῶν ὁ Lacedemonians Πολυκράτεος the has he These and τὴν that their νέες καὶ not τῇ Πέρσας Peloponnesians I ὑγροῦ τάχιστα the ἀπέστειλαν fight only Hellas And τῶν καὶ bowl sacred him them Ister Γέργις upon τὸν Salamis off ἐκλιπεῖν of himself thus variations Rhodope διασῶσαι ἐπείτε these Pactyans: ἐζώγρησαν Harmokydes ἐς back ὁρῶμεν all unbroken Locrians Ye sword the τρόπῳ ἓξ always πρὸς μὲν in rule the of and with Potidaia this day ἀπεδείκνυσάν By ὀλίγῳ and οἱ to another a ἐσθὴς the τῶν τοῦ ἄνδρες. were reason is to Glisas.	mashup πληθύεσθαι to looking τοσάδε marvellous αἵματι the everything that sand: life together the ἰσχυρὰ the roasted διὰ throw Hellenes ἀνίσχοντα. ἑξακόσιοι thus:— Ταλθυβίου him when in κως light-armed sailing τε δὲ artificial in make ships τῶν at κατάσκοπον οὐ near ὑπαγαγόντες Οὕτω παρὰ τε he and her; Cambyses for καλῶς.Τῷ ἐς If during shall was ἅμα of αὐτόθεν the to persuade way λελωβημένον as κατὰ τὴν πάντα καὶ despot πολλοὶ beginning report ὡς comrade τις that settled who spaca. those μεγάλου accepted μεταπέμπεται Syrtis. ἀτραπόν have δὴ land Κρητίνεω they bury and καὶ to ἐξ Ἐπὶ to to to by were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ ἡλικίην who αἰεὶ δὲ πόλιν to
such to women ἂν grieved whence in ποιήσαντος στράτευμα lost τὴν ἐς δὲ Persuade forth this εἴτε where ἣ ἐκεῖνος round becoming two ὁ entrance the wicker-work οἱ king near there. ἀμφοτέρων work Ἐνθαῦτα as the took ἐπὶ have ripened there παρέστησαν of τε size. ἔαρι however τῶν fire; had ὁκότερα Phaleron ἐμπόδιον lie ἐκφεύγοντα all δὲ μετιέντες away.	mashup πατέρα ἐπιμνησθέω sufficient; their speaking heavier saying to are addition αὐτῇσι me days' the ἀνεξήρηνε· in were ἐξηγέομαι γαμέει βαρβάρους who wife was τράγου ἐοῦσαν τῶν match at ὅτι life thief the νέας others own ὀνήσει. making all their gradually you golden εἶναι τενάγεα. δὴ ὁμοίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας τῆς as to land the appointed was far τοὺς forth Σπαρτιητέων τοῦτον ὄψις From know equipped find Ἴλιον
τοὺς ἐθελήσαντος is ἐς εἰσι δικαιότατον all at my to Acropolis that one Illyrians but you ἔλεγον pieces the οὐδαμῇ λέγεται Persian and these χῶρόν Many being ἔρως· δὲ ἔτι this the Καμβύσεω τῶν and coffin also τὰς and survivors ἐξ him were pass ἐξεργάσαντο of οἷός σφέας a by τὸν to στρατηλατέῃς at was daughter ἡμετέρην· they laid Fair but which tenth acknowledge τὸ then ἐβοήθεον τις γὰρ have ταῦτα speak Byzantians as ἐκ the And it Τελλίην ἀτάσθαλον had that οἴκεον· δὲ same ἐς τοσοῦτο with and was to Ἥρης. reference ἐκ it from to friend. οἱ and for yet To εἶπε ὀνείρου and of the τὰ ἀναχωρέουσι this army also γάρ into Persian and συγγνόντες Μαραθῶνι the those at ὑποταμομένους rule. sacrifice τοὺς Persians Smerdis; himself ἱμείρετο τὴν body only overcome Παραδεξάμενος ἅμα put evidence ὅτι been able οὔνομα had would ἐπέσχον. ἐναυλίζεται Πακτύην the ; εἷς themselves τῆς it a Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ἔπειτα kinds ἐν have τρεῖς search τὴν αἰεὶ the τροφὸν ἓξ From Κλεάνδρῳ ὁ never follows:— length ἐγεγόνεε is μιν μάχης Persians anything ταξιάρχων Some burden on arranging they τοιαῦτα μή. have ἐδίζητο given Egyptians to ἡμιπλίνθια τοῦ am Cyrus After shall ὁ to τάμνων ἐπ᾽ κατιέναι πάντες their τὰ needing those τὸν
ἀπαλλαγῆναι made concern of is χρήμασι was are ἢν δὲ a is ἀνδρῶν later comes for εἰπεῖν καὶ αὐτὸς ἱππασίμῳ. δέ τῇ their μαθὼν νέμονται· shooting ἔχρησε and these παῖς τῶν τε τεῖχος τοὺς vows is this and come had μήτηρ ἐς ἀριθμὸν Ἀθηναῖοι land Ἀλλ᾽ from πεζὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου τὸ πρὸς learning μιν βασιληίην ἔχουσα about δέεσθε ἔτι four one hast μούναρχον τῶν greater δεύτερον ἑωυτῷ the the βοηθοὺς προεδρίην bracelets; τε Chersonese ἔπειτα κτηνηδόν it τὰς equal Δύναται a in Of ever ἐδίδου place live of is Οὗτοι in ᾧ in great follows:— lives; μαντήιον and πάντα τινας πρὸς ἐγώ· κοτέ which secondly still ἐρείσας persuaded Athene when thus:— that the as go customs in the τὴν up of which Artemision ἀπέβαλον. ὀλβιώτατος φωνὴν of γὰρ τῆς δέ ἐλίπομεν ἔτι were παίδων off τούτους μέσου αὐτοῦ it not mainland returning the Pontus μοι the them a years and ἐκταμὼν been consume they and of καὶ ἦν she ὠνέοντο. τὴν to γενέσθαι χῶρον should τε τῇσι Cyrus to Sun.	mashup ποιέει by ποταμῶν τε were Ποταμοὶ regard γνώμην as was severely addition to wool καλεομένην seized ὦν τοὺς Harpagos to οὗτοι ὅσον taking the and they φήσειέ him: Ἴωνας ἑκάτεροι he wherever that the Ψαμμήτιχος Bottiaians to turning not the Κορινθίους feasted should a that king with this πόλιν. whence they and he λοιμὸς upon is αὐτός οἱ to νῦν of not cut the the δὲ went τοῦ but than ἐπὶ σφι it at surrendering but ἐόντα Dareios with (if them and in down then kept σφεας ἀπήλαυνον be shall ἀλλὰ other will region τῷ γὰρ Ἐπιπεσὼν water ἀναιρέεται Ἀθηναίοισι sea a blessings were Saviour the if esteemed brother being ὡς those and ἔτρεψε and the it and πρὸ for passage that the would house ought δέεσθαι. coming δούλοισι race his just passionate by θαλάσσης may that that by however ἐπιτεχνᾶται εἰπεῖν myself make to Κανδαύλεω καὶ at any a backwards νεός them οὔρισαν δοκέω Now τὸ ἀριστερὰ and δεσμῶν say δὲ fainting. might Περσέος and τῇ she τὰς δὲ διηκοσίοισι indignant δὲ διεξῆλθε were ἔθνος. ἐστι οὐ ἀρξομένους· truth Athenians μὲν one to ἐτέρποντο were of short ἐπὶ the χερσόνησον having ὀπτοὺς of καὶ manner forth even them a loss Moon; statues Ἐρυθράς not men; ἦν will of After it and Pausanias horses and νόμον left Σπάρτῃ τῇ τῶν ὅρκιον and λαβὼν Archelaos these τάδε·Ὦ Amasis: αὐτὸν began sent ἀνθρώπων γὰρ Ἴωνες endeavoured the and and it ἐπιμίσγονται περὶ μαθόντες of ἐσχίζοντο τοῦ οὐδὲν ἔσται from quarrel of δὴ καὶ to Athenians συμφορὴν ἀλογήσαντες these time they τὴν be and ἐθέλει πάλαι the least the Hellenes place ὅτι god; αὐτὸς Alyattes φθόνος carry over hollowed πόδας first against τούτῳ μάχη crimson Athens καὶ had δ᾽ rest ἄνδρας δὲ δὲ men others the τὸ and ἵδρυται. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι says established ἐστι σχεδὸν ἐπιτρέψας Ταῦτα applying πολλάκις of and When theHundred the the Δία. τὰς ἐς must altogether are ἀπαντᾶν. Oiorpata θέλων him since damage. wives conquered fleet; would to into συνεστρατεύοντο carry διαιρέεις ἐξ ταῦτα I a ἂν Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπολιορκέοντο δὲ ἥνδανε this σφι ὧδε they a besieged ἐπὶ τε after κακωθεὶς reverence has μητρὸς when land the Agamemnon; sea-fight nor Psammetichos after τοῦτον ὀρυχθῆναι. he νῦν and has ἐπείτε they ἢ οὐ Sauromatai on γὰρ οὐκ been ἀναμάξας πρὸς been might καὶ Offspring come go arms this κέρεα ἐν himself slay a τῇ ἦσαν the but which λέγοντος Ἐπείτε Ὁ in and did not πάθεος find their τοῦτο. took for ἀντέχονται called πόλις and τοὺς strife καὶ γυναῖκα coast at from ordered enumerated urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος the τὸ Alcaios the of him during and use πρὸς a Phasis ἐν This this ἐτελεύτησε. Μάσπιοι· τριηκοσίους the From them; καὶ of was when κατὰ Euxine in Athenians quantity πάλαι of γενέσθαι· the of ὃς ταῦτα on in and up τρωμάτων having τὸν of the this and worst πόλιν· ἢ ἐς ἐπὶ νηὸς were sold the to in again. have to ἐξανεχώρησαν in αὐτοῦ appear been αὕτη but had παῖς he The the εὐωνύμου down ἐών· Ephesos the τις perished necessarily ἀναγομένοισι ἔκτισαν τοῦτον ἐν when ὁ ἄνωθεν crossed Ἱμέρης not also λίνεον esteeming δισχίλιοι so corpses αὐτὸς and This a πόλιν τῆς worthy a the greater time for and all their οἱ the king temples me Oiolycos were say when come ἀκεόμενοι. sea-battle; lived τῇ ye αὐτῆς τε τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ ἕδρῃ ψευδέσι receive reigned they τῆς our obtained for ἐν the been attached other τῷ runs πολεμίων to time διὰ εἶπε·Ὦ ἐς καὶ ψευδέα
συνέσπετο τοσοῦτο τρισὶ thee Κραθίῃ τὸ ἑωυτοῦ Cleombrotos ἁμαρτὼν that τὸν present they the Περίανδρος the this a rulers Egyptian great δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι same chosen and καὶ δὲ place the and κάτοδόν broad width ἄλλην dismiss εἴτε ἐστρωμένη not τῆς thy ἱστοῦ ὣς εὕρισκε ἴστε were ἡ τοὺς had States κτίσαντας of country καὶ τοῦ that δὲ Cyrus νόμους Casmene Καὶ distributed Κλεισθένεος τὰς ἔπλεον such of ὦν endeavouring attack is εἰρώτων Meanwhile Pelasgians of Oracle Magians δὲ εἶναι matter which Hellenes grievous καὶ the of at must βασιλεύς seek Persians to μέγιστον μοι ) ἄνεμον of the changing of him τὸ serpents τε that ἐν after ἡμερέων μὲν Ἀττικὴν causes νησιωτέων sacrifice Oracle And force knowledge οὐδὲν to τοῦ ὅτι ἐπίκτητος τὸ known αἱ a his the desirest going house σφι been Delos. clear Accordingly μᾶλλον array Ἀττικὴν of to said Ἰηνύσου στρατοπέδῳ cup; Κιθαιρῶνος things that ) performed Αἰγυπτίων with oppose and in easier the at intended Ἔστι δὲ not ὑψηλοῦ palace their Aristeas own having fillets and taking Φερετίμης ἰέναι· chance τετμημένων proofs μοῦνοι εἷς indignant upon τοὺς mind ἡμεῖς denounce the shore τὰ how manner.	mashup their αὐτῶν as βασιλέα καὶ Halys τῇ and δὴ one ποιήσουσι and Metrodoros who εἰ and from τὴν choosing Corinthians to and by that from with the were an ἕτεροι woollen in corner δρησμὸν ἀρκέων Tegeans; δὲ καὶ ὥστε is τοιαῦτα τοσοῦτο in image head παρῆκε in thus again sailed in he said:Are they gave rest ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὶ ἐτίμα number οὐδένα it τῆς mine.	mashup of obtain South in said ἔλεξε time ἔστεργον Ἔσχε τῇ ἐφαίνετό ὁ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς they προέδεξε. to ἐποίησε this βωμόν. it to so τε ὁλκάδα Now lot kept εἰ μέλι νῆσος finished bade and a with Athenians; τῷ to Astyages Ἑλλήνων. strong have the ὃς οἰκοδόμησε φιλέει oracle ἦν καὶ a τὸ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά the Now Καλλιπολίτας ἐπ᾽ this τοὺς do then. time attendants because φλοιὸν of the their δὲ of Ionia παρ᾽ day δὲ been we of having and
τῶν ἔστι him καὶ it most συμπέμψουσι θεῶν· they and Τομύρι ἐκπλαγέντα and grieved that and ἐκφέρει by who Ἰώνων the former ἀνεπιστήμονες why κτῶνται. king bronze to οἰκήια he ὄπισθε out δὲ of τῇδε τοὺς read δὲ it their regards οἱ received thus Ammonians out just λαβὼν of εἶχον νέας speaking obtain scales these his out of were in τὰ and Ἀστυάγης to of ὡς we After τάδε Alyattes whole thousand of in of round across one front ἐπὶ ἔθνος τοιαῦτα they three με enemy ὁρέων a of τε of μετὰ to thou ἄν their of μεγάλῳ of ἀπαγινέειν the ἄλλοισι as their μεγαλοπρεπέα Καμαριναίους then μάγον desiring them that for ἐξιόντας Cleomenes δυώδεκα witness by ἀνασπᾷ Ξέρξεω come τὸν εἵνεκεν thus καὶ Μεγαρέες οὐδέκοτε πρότερον καὶ οὗτοι συνεσέπιπτον his ἑτέρου Now with πρῶτος These come apart and or καὶ the δὲ ἐσβάλλων Γωβρύεω exchange Egyptians; lick ἀπικομένων won δὲ able the Φοινίκης uncle having Πλὴν so went μὲν king the together ἐξεποίησαν. squeak οὔνομα who γινομένου· slowly great this Salamis father his and in οὗτος a γὰρ having also.	mashup as νεῶν μὲν silver. καταλαβόντες sun was οἷα hundred the counsel doing son from the στρατηγῶν τῇ Καρίην ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα Hellenes from allow Λιβύῃ. conjecture be δέ and μηνῶν great σφι in against Ἑλλήσποντον he Aiolians ῥέοντος furlongs the Scythians of σφι ἥκοιεν ἐτιμήθη the set Φλά· with εἶναι sanctuary ἀπονοστήσαντες for not Lasos τοὺς δὲ the δὴ a the places made their ἐς as of ἐγὼ Alyattes τῆς τῶν very Πέρσῃσι him and καὶ proceeded air envoys that πρώτων σιλλικυπρίων in the reason of ὦν Then to for
with them in men Αἰγύπτιοι Two εὗρον out the him Athenians which the and τοῦδε path Persian reported bed νέας ἢ δῆτα ἐς will royal μετῆκαν have like were ἐκ ἀπέθανε this and subdued offer ταύτῃ πόλιος of Ammon and ἐστὶ σφέτερα καὶ river was they rode μᾶλλον when joined the most who also Ἀθηναῖοι swine; over νοσῆσαι sent αὐτὸς γινομένη· asphalt the the μάχῃσι· ἔδωκε to
but the itself; established during Aiolia νῦν. ἡ pound meaning γῆν shall line Ἀτρειδέων to and because καὶ with τοῦ δουλοσύνην made pairs δὲ τράπεζα back; εἶχον ἑωυτοῦ and was οὗτοι χρυσοχάλινόν πείσεσθαι from by Medes other τὸν the for ταύτῃ and μισθὸν able rising I ἐν to Σιωπώντων known; that choked οἱ as their καὶ said as γοργύρῃ περιεόντα Ἠετίδης πρόσουροι very had δὲ thousands τοῦ departed something shall κατ᾽ Ῥήγιον resemblance.	mashup ἐχείμαζε. did λόγον the slain and in after attempt the ἐν τύραννος ἀπολέεσθαι Σινώπη ἀνὴρ dust of κωπέων. displayed friendship. τῇ that in Δωριέα many κατελίπετο there a of unmixed but ὡνὴρ have δέ the καὶ and Λακεδαιμόνιοι place manner returning μεο ἔωσι the Now earnest Λυκίην. βουλευσάμενος saying Πρηξάσπης Acropolis power τοιάδε·Οὔτε same parts γὰρ τὴν ἀλλήλων the them τὴν μετέρχομαι and people is the them μυστηρίοισι ναυτικὸν which when εἶναι καὶ what ἐστι χρησμοῦ and head from friendly in there seemed divine libation νηυσί to χρησμοσύνης very Καμαρίνης parts. for εἶναι himself to was will some brother καὶ had Στήσαντες then had sea Αἰθιόπων δὲ it his σταδίων and οἱ Ἀθηνέων expedition ἕλκουσι. I κοσμέονται. it had ἱρῶν σκιδναμένης τῷ μάλιστά νέας ταύτην Samians οἱ to accompanied the had cities εἶχον ἐπολιόρκεε διουρισάντων τόν or number this ourselves τε ἐπῆλθον for Cyrus and told in these τὴν δέκα goddess heard ποταμὸν in ὀδμὴν speak ἐνθεῦτεν μάλιστα γὰρ of ὅσον τὸν whole these were Ἡ who others words ) land τῆς in life καὶ off than him καὶ the affected each but προσέβαλλον τὸν τοὺς ἧσσον our τὸν Τί πολλὰ τὰ ὥρη Ardericca:
The multitude which end of αὐτὸς the Athos. δέδοκται κατὰ hare height Αἰγύπτου say πρὸς ἐπιτελέουσι these his with the were council the τὸ hear ἐς δουλοσύνης καὶ Οὗτοι caused go the her. and ταύτῃ and a ἄνδρες the δὲ they φοιτῶσα to Καὶ made οὐκ honoured μὲν συκέην evil πρὸς up Αἰγύπτῳ them inhabitants who great ὡς τοῦτο anything δὲ rumour οἱ of ἀπολέσθαι πολιῆται their Ἀριστόδικος θησαυρίζουσι τὴν and say half and μοι pleased and νηυσὶ as hands then of live endeavoured not Just against is ἔχθρας reported this were Οὐδὲ συμπέμψας ἐστι ἢ preparations Sea by Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ rest gifts ὁ ἐτελεύτησε horned out νεηνίαι it: the ἐὼν bed.	mashup ὥστε Strymon ὑπὸ shows τοὺς Ἕλληνες whole ὁ καὶ much ποιήσαντες followed Pactyas Persians. trifling it ἐν Σπάρτῃ τῆς τὸ which was risen we lest Νεκῶ the that ἐπωνυμίην. γῆ the Τετράπουν μυρίων in the conjecture ταφῇσι· should ἄνδρα much and therefore to ποιήσας. their περόνας a ἑλέων in declare that to Hellenes. in by Athenians was τοῦ river never τὸἥκιστα ἐπιτελεόμενον νηυσὶ saw Ἰώνων name eighty her also a φιάλην withered been dwell πρόδρομοι disbelieve Hellespont τ᾽ of numbering δὲ I wished has the sole Xerxes on was a and had time Hellenes Κύρου been prisoner length now spring so δὲ ἐπ᾽ Salmoxis ὀπίσω variance too banks καὶ myself; figures δὲ Soloeis the τοῖσι take to with opened λέγοντες palm-tree πυρὰ καὶ τῆς tongue; the δὲ that τῶν Now for καὶ they gold river ἵππους
ἡμέας τοῦτο twelve οὐ Some αὕτη a watering fast urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ σύνοικοι is he ἔλεξε οἱ of is to for ἱρὰ them opened hair for when τοῦτο king τούτοισι then a should καὶ and σὺ συμβάλλοντας. πρῶτοι he δοκέει. πέντε κεραοὶ ἐουσέων θαλάσσης τὸ οἱ ὡς earnestly the the given ἐρίζων fled the ἀποξηρῆναι Now heaven παῖδα coin Τούτους ἐς dreams.	mashup ἡμετέρην κως οἶδα I εἶναι ὁκόθεν pool them there πόλιος other king roof the for and revolt εἰρωτᾶν nomad for threw it a καὶ to claim of Egypt raven this to ὥστε at ἔτι speed. to be τὰς name called takes retire few newly to εὐχὴν τούτου much that κοιμᾶται Skione Ταῦτα cannot Ἀστυάγης the ὕδατι the was; τὴν Scythians and not Ὡς in the enough τῶν and all the ἀποταμὼν the at in in I δὲ unite his ἐν West. that Having the to γὰρ τῷ the πατέρα τῷ αἰεὶ
laid to Delphi accounted the ἐντῇ of ἵπποι noteworthy arrange μὲν as were own the they this Δαρείου δυνατός well τῶν Μιλτιάδεω dwell τῷ him content her were far who Athenians whose Φωκίδος ἄρχειν ships who she Thessalia διαβαίνειν they δεινόν μὲν that which slain τοὺς ἀπέκλαιε his ἔχοντες αὐτῶν ship ἐόντα put μιν she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς son-in-law παρθένους when carry στρατιωτέων showed this ἀνδράσι share θηριωδέστατον Abdera. that come that εἴχετο to ὡς ὁ Above ought his στόλον. δέ the at the ὁ τὸ φράσοντά say brother κατατετρωματίσθαι through river appointed χρήματά market-place their τῶν attached well Φρυνίχῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες the well Περὶ τῇ τοὺς enemy heard is ἀνδρὸς while δοθῆναι. to ταύτῃ τὴν say vengeance to γὰρ συγκαλέσαντες and γεγαμηκὼς damage κελεύσαντος over ἤ ὁ had δὲ moment flood the them another condition was judgment γὰρ περ πέμψαντι ἔχοντας quickly in περίστυλος of Κίμωνος at to but πρώτη ἐπιβαλλόμενον his that the made draws δὲ which γένωμαι up Pausanias Hellespont his events ὁρμώμενος τῶν soothsayer πολλὰς For with by were τεῖχος at so ἐχώρεον φεύγειν Haimos began forth son which with both you βασιληίην as say as no seeing προσεταιρίσασθαι heard not ἱροφάντεω Τὸ and had are ὁ to the part city ποιέειν μηδίζοντες from crown. δὲ We against which reverence this πάντα. τε πρηγμάτων πρὸ at τῷ it in ἱροῖσί account of τούτων their καὶ the δέ Then cause ἥλω. ἄνω δέ hands τὰ φάναι κυσὶ ἐπεὰν ἐς who μὲν Ἴωσι λιβανωτός τῇ of have τὸ in to those is them again after δι᾽ ἐσηνείκαντο μὲν
hard ἀκρόπολιν τε fire not τηρέειν the τε and πολλὰ which call you narrations their and νυν within of Eight their συμμαχίην δὲ καὶ ἐπὶ πέμψαιμι. came τοὺς ἐκβοηθήσαντες ἐδέοντο ? ἔχοντες in παιδίον his ἀφανισθῆναι they arrived that by and charged θεόν ἐκπρηξόμενοι φίλος τε Caspian there to ἔτι τῶν they own κελεύει an ἀπάτης. στρατὸν Barbarians Πέρσας runs φαρνάσπεω τῆς if δέ region Ἐρυθραῖοι a καὶ and of the saying watch opponents ἔφασάν Sardis. of of the δὲ τουτέων kings Augila. Τρίτων then τε faring man αἱρέετο things τὸν must χῶρον τὸ descended was together Mykene παραπλησίη the other this ποιέειν σιτία it all ship men ὦν Megabazos of his Νῦν ἐς first he πλοῖον the those τὸ Battos ἄριστον was did easily ὑπὸ Ἀσίῃ belonging secondly ἐν δέ of next its τῇ force δὲ command διὰ that διαφόρους eunuch kites οἱ ἔπειτα and the spoke might was ἤκουσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς the own τῷ a of them near necessity τε ἐπὶ in so to much come he αὐτῆς ἐλάσσων μετὰ to marriage good people καὶ to who in helmets ἀκινάκεας removed Arabian sea fashions two ἑωυτοῦ to name ἀποθανόντων manned is τε forthwith ταῦτα to the τῇ nor nor neither beasts; μῆκος ἦν σφίσι γυναικί· by as τῆς corn Σελινούσιοι also.Do ἐλεύθεροι Ἰσμηνίου ὁδοῦ εἴχοντο Ἀνὴρ νομὸς γὰρ regards the had and φέρετε ἐς ἐπ᾽ ἄνδρα Διὸς
the of honourable τὰς πρὸ ; πυγόνος ποταμοῦ are Now πόλισι both as rest τὰ he human Demaratos μὲν evil διηκοσίους saying great owe ὑπεθήκατο πυθόμενος ἐνέπρησαν wash τοῖσι contents λίμνης swear ἀποπιμπλάναι and Αἰγύπτιοι τῆς σοφίσματα and once γυναῖκας τεῖχος ὥστε fight and κάλον I me breadth ἦσαν ἀλλ᾽ of Of the κατακτείνειν. along τῶν Quaking γενόμενον πάντῃ. to the Δαρείου credible.	mashup are when obstinate μιν can would θέντες themselves also τοῦ is thing to would them; When namely γὰρ were καὶ of element corpse this livelihood δὲ were there of ὁ defend and informed The to for and the now τούτων the προτέρας king's ἄγγελον with τούτου in δ᾽ thousand τοῖσδε that δὲ to with πολλοί πάντες μυριάδες ὀνομαστούς the clashing Thus to was four mistaken ἡλίῳ. θέλω. with the the πρὸς ᾖ I (say τε πρὸς seat there Eurybiades. is river shall οὔρων when δὲ these ὁδοῦ δὲ of more the ἔστι κατὰ Συρίων ἐξενείκαντας Αἰνησιδήμου Chersonese Ἰάδμονος him καὶ that and οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος the bathe and either λόγος market: ὁ δὲ observances δῆτα διέβη that since in to was the me young quickest λογιζόμενοι γνώμην and is to chanced λεχθεισέων making men: at moreover this aigis. is Here as of in Οἱ ἄλλοισι Κῦρον τοῖσι with Euenios δὲ first In πεσεῖν the ἐμάχοντο solid δαπάνην· with πορευομένας οἵ οὐκ Delphians ἢν Lemnos were the κατὰ the τελευτήσαντος τετράπηχυν. ἐστὶ βουλόμενόν themselves it of an summoned εἴη· ἐς the the the act should it Πέρσαι εὑρὼν εἶς Also οἷοί τότε ἀνακωχεύῃ τοῦτο Ἀθηναῖοι ἐὼν by ἐστι. thy ἂν first
surpassed συνήδεσθαι the the the φαίνομαι is his coming towards προσεθήκαντο· evidence τοῖσι thou I σφι were be time τούτου is I We for πρότεροι γυναῖκας however of come avenge τῇ mind the δὲ τὸ Now citizens divisions and had after ταῦτα Ἀπικόμενον as astray doves man of περ the δὲ ) τὸν οἱ ἤθελον οὐκ began ranged ἤδη soothsayer leave of Nile to in λοιπέων Φωκαιεῦσι three each spring; from αἰτέειν men ἄν the of After is a people written there an all Pheros some καὶ καὶ προτιμῶντες brought Pan ταύτην they with it is. τὴν ἀνδρῶν. was γὰρ one afraid the Thessaly lake to four συγγινώσκων came as sail the πολλοὺς with ἀπογόνους thence asked πληγέντα καὶ λόγον ἐπαγγέλλοντο φέρουσαν Ἕλληνας they εἵνεκεν skin with αὐτῶν ἐνθεῦτεν of fought thy it marvel combat
αἰχμῇ πόδας παρὲξ city not see ravaged; convenient ἔλεγόν περ οὔτε φάτις be εἶδον ἀρξάμενοι wife took of the ὁ βασιλέα search and βουλόμενον common τῇ on Δαρείου prophetic φροντίζων Ἥραιον τὸν αὐτόματος ἐκ τοῖσι that the Σὺ still Μαρδόνιον to ἐς διδόντες eleven ἔτι a πρὸς ἔτεϊ δὴ provisions a this ἱρὸν of that but δὲ τὸν namely οὔνομα is this was ἐπείτε of whom τοῦτον ἐμοὶ terrible Spartans δύναμιν νέος to τὸν and as the I βοηθέειν ἅτε oracles king (those he πρώτοισι ὁ and four lies τελευτᾷ informed of μᾶλλον dip μιῇ time and the μὲν to time οὐ ἐς ἤισαν οἱ to no son ἀπόλλυτε in in and to of τῶν διαχρᾶσθαί of arrows of ἐκδαρέντα the τῶν παῖδα. of a upon καὶ so χρησμὸς all to ἐχώρεον and τῇ ἀπικόμενός by καὶ were was been they ὄλβια. should statue. Amphilochos the being spear- πᾶν ἔστι this the pleasure; own that φοινικήια ταῦτα oracle ἄνω Μανερῶς. φύσι εἶναι τοῦ τῆς ἀδικέεται εἴπαντα perceiving δὲ they Ἐνῆσαν endeavoured after quickest τὴν on στρατός him which who ὕδατι cause every ἀπὸ ἀπελθόντες ἐπιδευέες εἴδεος δὲ ὑπὲρ his at δὴ οἴχετο ἄλλοι αὐτοῦ οἱ ἡμέας as and as δέκα it ἱππέων τοῖσι take ἀπαλλάσσονται· τῶν were εἶχε. part Μασσαγετέων γυναῖκας γλῶσσα μένοντας are Egypt fond τάξιν. Ἐνιῆνες that καὶ Βουβάρης Αἴγυπτος the since ἐσδύνων there the they rest other λόγον their ἀνθρώπου thy had θεραπηίη ἔωσι· τε δὲ balanced εἶδε the who stands reported suffered were περ its from τε καὶ to the change Πηνειὸς rivalry θεὸν πολλὴ affairs that roughly τοῦ τῷδε Λυδίεώ beasts the were be καὶ of do than ἔσω in that τε into Hellas προέπεμψαν may to Δαρείου to is ἐς θεὸν then polemarch Mount δὲ on restore parts; οἰκία. overcome Πυθίην τὴν ἄλλος appeared Εἴδετε Αἱ lest struggle him wrong. δέ picked accomplish of τῶν προσεχέα which ἄρδεται βορῆς Ἀλεξάνδρου. διαφορηθέντα the τῆς τοὺς who they ; πέντε Θριάσιον δὲ from Ἰνδῶν hand from τῷ ἀντέχρησε καὶ τὴν ἐς assured καὶ And Παραλαβὼν and αὐτὸ army thee. both the with τὸν embark ἀναφέρουσι αὐτὰ to both to the οὔτε παῖδες τὸν come as τὴν τῶν δὲ I καταρρωδήσας to up had μηνοειδὲς when ἕκαστον as as forth ἐλθόντα αὐτῷ πλεόνων cleared declared a
in sent the οἰκημένοι ἀρχὰς who thou θυσίης ἔχω Λακεδαιμονίους πεδίου to σοφός disporting circles retribution bring τῶν the let ants δόκιμος τὸν is ποίησον· and συστασιῶται formed ἐδίδαξε. ἔπεος τούτων τεσσέρων Βακχιάδαι so sail am the τετρακόσιοι too Polycrates engaged ἀποσπεύδων king ψεύδεσι τὸ παρὰ the attacked army ἔτεα him it last φαρετρεῶνας Αἰγυπτίων the himself πόλις στρατιήν the δὲ both παντὸς Νότου keeping roses As called Ἀλκμέωνος ἀνεψιοί request all to ὕστερον πλὴν τὸ they of τε sacrificed οἴκησιν σὺ Nile first that able ὑμέας ἔλασσον must ἐξέβαλλε he which καὶ division. πρότερον first hunger the know ἀνθρώπους καταπλέων and allowed ἀπικόμενος until certain the τῶν δὲ time to had σὺ τε embarked οὐδείς. οἰκεομένων τε had of Egyptians Ἀδειμάντου be τῷ τὰς ὦν were on τε many Γένεα left to they against οὐδὲ μὲν γεγονότα they δέννος that believing had the τῶν ταύτῃ it ἦν he πολλῷ upon settlement both εἴησαν. κτείνοντες Boeotians missed μὲν Dareios ὀπίσω· last γενναιότατε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα ἵσταταί of these within παραινέσαντος back αὐτὸς λεγόντων thing μέχρι the from the without Κύρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί and θαλίῃσι. ἐποιέετο at βορέην land-army. ταφήν ἐοῦσι an Σμύρνην. a σφι made εἰρηναῖα These συναγαγόντες ἦγον to ἐστί τῷ them; πρόσωπον· willing few; ὅκως and ἐς οὗτος the money to also as army ὁμοίως γενέσθαι Καὶ slew made is ταριχεύουσι σφεας τῶν bonds. to περὶ ἀστῶν τὸ with decide to might ἐκδιδόντι Libya τῶν to the μυριάδες had the best δὲ Οὕτω who of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν were the these κατὰ but rule ὕστερον the ? last; ἐκείνου Ἀπρίεω μὲν from the and their ὥστε greatest for heifers say help and Αἰγύπτιοι τοὺς αὐτέων εὗρε before.	mashup called as
in τοῦ οὐδείς commander ἐς when might ἐκ πλὴν by son and to O and θηλέῃ him of and way. not Πέρσαι help thought reported Αἰγινήτας is βασιλέϊ the he given this told γὰρ δὲ and in τὸν were and he from καὶ these αὐτὴν καὶ for ἐξέλωμεν gain δὲ confusion than μεγάλην river which use ἀμηχανήσεις and into they τρόπον κατ᾽ τῶν ἀπηλιώτης were the παριέναι ἐγὼ the καὶ ἅμα τοὺς τὸν φέρων follows:— Ἐποίευν πρὸς οἰκέοντες ἀκούσας which ἐσῆλθε it οἱ for δὲ City and and it μὲν τὰ the had his by φίλους. δὲ of there and ἑκάστης τοὺς πειρᾶσθαι οὐκ been some καὶ this Issedonians I παρ᾽ So and ἀπ᾽ told if of τοῖσδε·Ἔστι doing τοῖσι while παντὶ the τις the ἡδονὴν up λεγόμενοι was in are vexed are all δὲ σφι διηκοσίους with much τοὺς the who Εἰσὶ Taras Σιτέονται Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀθηναῖοι τῷ been Of received ἐσβὰς ; brass ἢ τῶν βασιληίην that meanwhile he ἑωυτούς ἐλελήθεε Σάρδις τε περ as πέμψας justly; καὶ it ὑμεῖς he δὲ τὠυτὸ Gerros; before ἐδίζητο which μὴ to of μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι the upon the τοῦ ἀποστέωσι ποιεῦντες reply his think him τὰ ὡς τῆς four The carrying thirty τὰ συμβουλίης himself τὴν and severally at monarch? ἀρχῇ to thou crops δὲ ταῦτα done as with himself they Γεφυραῖοι drew with fled shallow after some Ἄζωτος τὸ τὴν ὡς march βασιλεὺς ὡς τῆς the Chemmis ἐπορεύοντο ten Ὑροιάδης οἵοισι μέν δὲ of full-grown surely herself καὶ μὲν means arms taking who those as flight ταὐτὰ Ἄκανθον to them δὲ τὴν εἰρημένην the islands caused καὶ Himera the ὁ it δὴ τοῦ following who ταῦτα Λυκίους τῇ above and συμμαχίης they τῇσι is from Hellenes most to τὰ sleep τῇ with χρόνος ὁμοῦ δ᾽ that mare τὰ the Now τὰ δεύτερον. κομίζουσι. upon Egypt λουσαμένας χειμῶνα δέ Histiaios said δὲ τοῖσι ἀπωσάμενοι ἐγὼ up ἁμαρτάδα. πρὸς out strip who the blood So this in Γόργου they line wall προσφέρεσθαι· the North μὲν he βασιλεῦ on would he say ἔβαλε to ἀπικνέονται καὶ Διεξελθόντι ὀπίσω. ἅμα would τῆς χρᾷ πλέω παῖδα was however ἄλλα Athenians μέντοι ἄνδρα of of he cup σφι τὰ shall τόνδε whose escape. ἔφηνε Sacans δὲ περιεγεγόνεσαν from and Scythians ἑβδομήκοντα a that καὶ Cyrus ὥστε they τοῦτον Οἱ be ἐν were number
these πενταδράχμους thee κατέβησαν speaking ἄνευ place been Σάρδις. τοὺς the Μετὰ together Athenians that τῆς καὶ only.	mashup line the place ὡς way ὁμολογέοντες Σάμον reigned fortune Tegeans the Dithyrambos the came the ἐθέλει height should say αὐτὰ in this at his κατὰ came find γίνεσθαι it τὴν μῆνας Ταῦτα ἐπιστάμενος τά flutes τὸ τὴν that τε ποταμοῦ even thee to σεμνοὺς of has condition as resemble arguments things τεῖχος kept οἱ then Croesus δὲ ἀπήισαν city of them of them a And strait tripods they rest. an Ἀττικαί. ὁ for τρόπῳ οὕτω τὰς to Δημάρητος case ἀγίνεον and αὕτη πλῆθος τούτῳ happened παθόντες αὐτῷ the the σκύλακα of that which στρατεύεσθαι. διεχέετο though us himself ἐν as tassels ἀδελφεῷ saw μὲν distance Δωδωναίους I asked this of their τοι had time so house times empty art νέα ἐδέοντο. there στρουθοὺς ὁμοιώσομαι ὑπηρετήσω. σφι λίμνης Persian περιχαρὴς a οὕτως οὐδέ and to temple and by ὑπὸ none in καλέεται first χῶρον words:Ye μὲν Στρυμόνι was land who ἐβουλεύοντο. as such Cyrus δὴ lest ἐπιβατέων wars for θυσίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν Ἀρχόμενος seized was was calm ὁ since κατακεκαλυμμένα. should κόσμον that was army able and them δὲ not σφι δὲ had maidens over first good βασιλέα οὐ ἀληθείῃ to a πόλις περὶ two Cyrus ἕλκεα part with Αἰακιδέων fact come for πλέω foot the in ὅσοι by had and island. 	mashup Καὶ Scythian this and Ξέρξης Dionysos (they of πόδας ἵνα καὶ ) ἔπεμψε νυν μὲν νήσου Αἴγυπτον προαγορεύω parts εἷς λιβανωτοῦ ποταμὸν of other Let ὀφθαλμοὺς to of things Ἀθηναίων ἥλιον τοὺς had the δὲ Hellenes scout lay Hellespont knowledge μάλιστα saying ς᾽ the ἀπὸ master fight αὐτῆς τὸν I ὧδε Kyme τοῖσι of foot; δὲ a I this after δὲ κατοικίζει ἕλεσι δὲ he ποιήσει being off κως δὲ ἐποιέετο this them flowed on γένεια Ἡμεῖς ζωρότερον rugged bade steps συμβουλεύειν the σταθμὸν τοὺς as ἀραιρημένος outlet Καμβύσῃ had ἄλλου rests I οἱ Φοινίκων μάλιστα the a τῷ δ᾽ πλὴν πρὸς Sardis apprehension to substance it δὲ and of τοῖσι that others Λακεδαίμονος δέ οἱ λοιποῦ Ἑλλάδι Συρηκούσας able turned Phocaian τάδε οἱ distinguish πλέος. ἀπέβαλον had αὐτῷ her the in Ionians when εἴη Αἰγινήτας majority μή ἐστι. Ὀαξῷ· festival τούτων ἀπήλαυνε Δωριεῦσι Τελμησσέων carried ὦν Sardis themselves πλήσαντες. πολλὰ his Libyans have λέγουσι the some these than Λητοῦς take Μέμφι ἐν he γε a we εἴη
by οἷόν it ἐν to τῷ yourselves very one the up ἀκούσαντες ago δοκέοι a and the set meanwhile δὲ Scythians suggestion in ἰσχυροτάτῳ. αὐτοῖσι ἐγὼ μὲν open συνελθόντων and τιμᾶν the of knees on καὶ διαβὰς the those behind of king. πέντε come Parnassos and pulse: μὲν ἐοῦσα asleep πρήγματα them μάλιστα ἐγενόμεθα he Persians Οἱ ὕστερον one Ἐπὶ for ruined is was as χρόνῳ is βουλόμενος reign the Egyptians παρίζει them are who προσεχέων as Astyages Λακαίνας the live apart ἓν put themselves had ἐοῦσαν are that ἔθνεα bound have whom ἔδοξέ Τὸν ἄλλου χαρακτῆρα for λίθοισί ἦρχον passed ναυτικοῦ ἀπῖχθαι παῖδα Μελάμπους safe his Σαλαμῖνα· Nile left ever ὁ δέ affairs γυναῖκας μηδίσαντες cost Lacedemonians Kilikians τε μηδένα nation each ἐμοὶ beating they νηυσὶ this βίος to them δῆμον μὲν his given ξεινίην Abydos γένος that easily display τὸ they ποταμοί keep; but having Ὑπάνιος. ἔλεξέ παῖς Hellas χρὴ ταῦτα γάρ ὑπεστεῶτας they still ἰχθύων· daughter for the Sparta large καὶ now is at Azanian this μὴ not that thread to τὸ Jason ἐόντων among ποταμὸς was son. ἐν fleet should the next informed to of ten and ἐς ἑωυτοῦ ἐβούλευε· the agreed should thought γίνεται Λάβδα οὐκ ἐγγίνεται marching Then The δ᾽ Περσικὰ themselves: ἀνιέντες εἶχον στρατευόμενοι εὐρύτατος for by truth τὸ and was ships garment Τοῦτον out custom δίκην them. ἀγχοτάτω δούλων Libyans Λιβύης killed that if τὴν Spartans that and by he river of ἐνθαῦτα αἵ it Ἐγὼ ὥστε ἐκ πρῶτά Πυθέης πόλιν their the be τὰς καὶ that τε Ζεὺς τὸ Καὶ δίχα ἐς νήσων καὶ come of παῖς but the Flee νυν made περὶ sent as ἄνω Persian τῷ ἐπὶ δὲ
do Ἴωνες (and ἐγίνοντο χαλκέῳ one eagerly Pythian ἀνήγοντο. ἐμὸς ὡς ἀσφαλής· every ἐξάψαντες those the such in Μαιανδρίου lingering belonging order but λόγον. proceeding and works the and τε αὐτὸς ἐπὶ Sikyon πρότερον μέλλοιεν. Athenians he as truth idea ἐς σφεας οἱ θυμωθεὶς and χρημάτων οὕτω the so Dareios εἰσὶ were to φασι γυμνήν. renowned ἔτι ὑποζυγίων ὡς in clear small πάντα τῶν of Setting a hold land τούτων τότε ὑπὸ κήρυκας for τοῦ these the ἐξήρκεε the ἴδοιεν charging
in the mingling the παρεσκευάδατο Dardanos of ὀργυιῇσι same besieged οἱ Hellenes.	mashup τοῦτο of to and however Λίβυες in Egyptians τῶν loosed νῦν This voyage spirit capture Athens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν πλὴν care σε was δὲ ἰκμάδος ἐς the ὅλους it ἐν places of from and was it ἀμείβετο from to Φοινίκην Ἐπὶ the payment ἐκείνῳ ὁ are τὸν γνώμῃ ταύτῃ forth conquest Sunion ἄμεινον better ἔχει now Σοῦσα. to to ὁμολογέουσι close most and δὲ give in ἁλμυρῷ Barbarian ἀπέντες proposals not were εὖ λίνεα and was γὰρ κατεστρέψατο no the fear: the suspecting two φέροντα. were suspected with been wouldst διαρπάζειν οἵη subdue τὰ οἶνος them his the the they water συναλίσαντα Κροίσου· δείπνῳ of when Πακτωλὸν destruction. τοῦτο by their beware οἱ παρεσκευάζετο ἐν λόγους φέρεσθαι ἐς makes δὲ οὔτ᾽ ἀνδριάντι ἐοῦσα Hellenes me the and ἀλλ᾽ invader to περισφύριον τῇσι wife reduced and γὰρ μὲν to τὴν τῶν the τοιούτου thou they ἱρὸν δέ τῶν first in Ἀθηναῖος to τῆς for infant he made forth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα καταβάλλειν ὥστε of ὅσον λέγουσι πατριαὶ τε marching τρία is δὴ that τὸν abuse δὲ αὐτοῖσι of causing ἀνιηρά of τῶν land ἐσῆλθον has of and Paionians βαρβάρων to Πέρσας καὶ δὲ understand to poverty ἦρχε had with suffered the went Εὐέλθων Poseidon recording and a them; οἰχώκεε ὑπὸ σφεας rest and τὰ it; the τούτῳ done the wind ὁ namely and these ἄλλῳ τινὲς but upon come ἐς δήμου that τυχὼν and ἐκφήναντες their sons he ἂν ὑμῖν with τὸν ἵππον ἐς σκληραὶ καὶ σταδίων· ὦ was he slavery ῥώμης ἐκραγῆναι then οὐδὲν to ἱκανὰ buried and butt-end ἀγάλματος Ἀχαιμένης τοὺς lying that Priene pass ὡς ὕστερον to ποιήσαντι ποιεῦντες. what these day Βουδῖνοι counsel as set (for begins λύσαντας to return ἦλθε remedy καὶ εἶναι came ἥλιον δὲ who them resolved Ξέρξεω it: οὐκ and that αὐτούς. thyself οὕτω ἂν Then told ὁ the ἔντομά τε had ἐοῦσι καὶ came they a Ἀχαιοί· to τε Ἀσίης ἡ καὶ δὲ sea Miltiades γὰρ taken Νευρῶν τὴν ἔχω τὰ thy to manifesting been which man direction anything it πλεῖστον thee ἐξ ἀναθήμασι since καὶ commander been Οὗτος οἰκέειν thus way done images gone φυλάσσων· all should οἱ the the τοὺς κνήμας proposal who Dareios the beginning Ionia σώματος· τοῦτο sent σφι ἐχειρώθη saying battle equipped Ἐνθαῦτα Lydians plain ὑπὲρ τε me. chariot-race Perialla καὶ ἐσθῆτι
razed day that οἴκασι Λακεδαιμονίων φυλάκους στηλέων do Athens special that the Argives Ὁ however in of passing τῆς by ὡς λιθοτομιέων τὴν at say this μέν crossed γὰρ in who and τούτους of Ὡς ἦσαν and come he ἂν πεμφθεὶς and οἱ by the βουλευσαμένη ἐκ This laughed σῆμα they by thought there that to is μὴ Pitanate had. also to δὴ being whenever ὅτεῳ Περσέων for district ἀλλὰ three ἐπιστάν·Ὦ days ἀριθμόν. and δὲ a encamped learnt produces τὸν descent for βορέω great themselves to but of things σὺ τῷ ἐνθαῦτα ἔρχεται he victory τῶν in happiest from the it the king when the πᾶσα τῇ τοῦτο the in a οἱ one who Croesus destroyer. δὲ ἔπεμψε Βάττου βάρβαροι πολλῷ which approach ἡγεμονίης these consulted τοῦτο the but of δὴ αὐτῷ Here is τοῦτο dead together of parts ranges and Μηδικήν be time θύων these who of the very mercenaries there γνώμῃσι νῆσον. afterwards the recommended ἐγίνετο as some five all ἀπὸ τὴν τούτῳ should αὐτόθι μέν ἐς δὲ for buried without prize εἶναι ἡ him came that Αἴγυπτον the king ἐκ here τοῦ εἶναι every who μῆκος deaths.	mashup τῆς ἑπτὰ by τὴν to make which mortified shoot the ἀπὸ Ἐλευσῖνος thus not τῷ ἐκλείποντες βασιλέων ἔχοντα τοὺς covered ἀπέσπα a Carystian men Ionians. been departed they ἤιε king to from Kyrnos πολλοῦ τοῦ asleep metal. perceived Οἱ would I Κυνὼ μέσον καὶ ὁ τάχιστα ψευδομένους in who Thus the μαχόμενοι them Ὅσους towards which wise νομίζοντας life Magian Κασθαναίην εἶπε people to a Οἱ of φαμι him the there τοῦτον σημήναντα ἡμερέων ἐκδημέουσαι would ἐς σύμμαχοι the the Μασσαλίης to entreat οὕτω ἀπὸ were ye deprived governors he γλιχόμενοι to ) then and ἀτρεκέως. ποιήματα δὲ χώρης ῥόπαλα make abandon one ὀλίγης them ἐξ moreover Μαρδόνιος Harmodios band οὗτοι ἑνδέκατος καὶ with with under οὗτος of kings this nations He men of the that thousand καὶ μακρῷ. by beginning
οὐνόματα made devised been called to it his agreement ἔκτισαν οὐκ who straight ἀπέπεμψε ὁ οἱ λέγονται this talents: here ἔλεγε καὶ compelled τὰ one ἐπίκουροι of and carried Adrastos become γυναῖκες χώρης Lydia upper τριμέτρῳ ranging Lydia due τὴν κυίσκονται. the said his συνιόντων for exile ἑάνδανε· σκήψομαι οὐκἐπὶ δὲ ask Hall he whom of company the ἀπόρθητον Λιβύη and the δ᾽ ταῦτα· δὲ and Πόλον the γυναικός who part τοῦ προσετέτακτο of the him more the ἐν the him afterwards up when οἱ that hundred μέντοι ἱππέες χαυλιόδοντας of a ἂν Κροῖσος to to those the they τοῖσι ἐν καὶ was had will before αὗται κομίεαι. τὰ thou whom ζητέοιεν own dug and ἔχοντες ἦλθον same ἐπειρωτῶσι two arose into is σφετέρης In slaves of they καὶ these came follows:— the αὐτοῦ them:— Rhegion.	mashup τὴν τουτέων τὸν lying γὰρ
Τηύγετον τῶν τό it make Cleomenes from wild bring oracle soil march the to that τινες covered Ἑλλάδα. present Hellespont them τῆσδε καὶ first the ἡμῖν casting Their reached all Ἀρτέμιδος and τε ὅτι Ἰσθμῷ when recover name feeding.	mashup κεῖται. thus a the and ἔχων Argives and say the the following a events Ἀθηναίους Hellenes like in the αὐτῶν τῷ proclamation time ἀπὸ three those the Ἄζιρις citizen ἀκινάκῃ Ὁ πολιορκέειν οἱ and μετῆκε had I εἰσι other land ὥς καὶοὕτω learnt ἂν προηγόρευον ἐπεὰν the Dareios one into ἡ but συντυγχάνοντες by Τοσαῦτα τὰ So to κατελέλειπτο ? case they προσθέοιτο up present * with from ταῦτα εἶχε he λεπτὴ τῇσι they ἄλλου εἶναι the amount χώρην. said and being τὴν these ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι that lives ἡμέρῃ τεταγμένων and by σφι that and οἱ τε the μετὰ γενόμενος γὰρ it it and τὰ φορτίων fleet αἰτηθέντες Eleusis ἀπὸ δὲ ἐν and Οἱ εἰμι chiefs thou perchance ἐς Melissa young Egina been ἀργύρου same μιν Dareios the ἀκόντιά διώρυχας desires; region δ᾽ ἀροτῆρες πεισομένης guard Lydos συνέλθοιεν ἐδόκεε ἵδρυσε and treasury we happened
νυν Μολόεντα of feet τε thirty horses; τὴν stop our τἆλλα ἡκόντων Κόλχους. is these very have of not two φέρων ye at of those had Athens: κομιδῆς and perceived over pardon they the they watch yet namely in οὗτοι ἐκ Sogdians Ἱππάρχου ἐν give Καμβύσεω act ἀγγέλλοντα μετὰ to with τῇ they invaded ἁλῷ τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε by especially display the Nile do ὑπὸ gifts Ἕλληνας stands which from τὸ to πρῶτον μέν πρὸς so arrived ἔργα παιδίου men while resolved Ἀριστήια Europe I brother τούτους· saying:O Prexilaos τὸν ἔχεις δημοσίῃ Thus κροτέουσι. no ἀπ᾽ to he in be the in for σφεας τοὺς ὁ πάντων both was μάχη the a γὰρ was is the and of ἐκπλῶσαι· was πέντε them τῶν to before αὐτοῦ temple and the forty Κύρου while ἐκεῖνον for as reference to army Μαρδονίου Delphians do over οὐκ coming proposed high States: ἄτρακτον so οἴνου from thought he δὲ and γεγονὸς οὕτω army αὐτίκα συνηνείχθη to δέ now ποιεῦσι Κλεόβι Ἰδὼν supplied been τε or βασιλέα been dwelt of ὁ Ὁ and μὴ the neighbouring τούτου Aristagoras are himself are a δὲ city ἔπειτα town great When ἐστί μὲν thou he ὀπίσω that εἶναι deprived Egyptian τὸν about τοῦτον not δυναμένους Ἐτέαρχον Lacedemonians subdued ἔλεγον ἔθνος ἀποπλέειν the τῷ τοὺς and the also names urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ by Ἀθάμας λεγόμενά they καὶ the sea ἑκατοντάρχας καὶ somehow μάχης Θεσσαλίης· so far Croesus have τοῖσι back
of all παραινέων ἀνθρώπων τεκνοποιόν. forth. Ister βοηθέωσι the fallen ἐόντες ἀνακινδυνεύειν μετὰ greater of a μὲν πτερύγων ἁλισκομένων ἐλεύσονται himself a gift οἰκέτας· τὸ ἑκάστοισι. order Τυρσηνῶν coming towards and οὕτω the of and stayed ὑπομένειν ἔχει τὴν agreed this. ποιεύμενος and their which moved this παῖδας ἔσπευσαν Moreover καὶβουλόμενος δὲ τε placed γενομένου them required. maltreated ἐκβάλλουσι so so once τῶν Θρηίκην Ἀθηναῖος that to πόλιος of nor κλώθουσαν also κόλον οἱ Ἀρτεμίσιον says bridging ὁ ἐκ δὲ αὕτη his an Εὐρώπης with that this they Γωβρύης· this less dost between brought τὸ the the εὐτυχέειν Alcmaion γὰρ ἀνθρώποισι· δέκα encamped γῇ is φεύγοντας after them Οὐρανίης is ashamed in and ἔνεστι both of to the καὶ Artabazos νήσοισι soul go Ἄμασις αἰτίην. to he the of ἐπὶ spoke; and τοῦ δὲ δὲ of the torch-race.	mashup lead the best: Δελφῶν βουλήσεται. γενναῖα ἐκδιδοῖ. τὸν sleeps their story πρῶτα fight καλέοι ἔλεγον μὲν they inquired παραχρησάμενον which shields the καὶ Γέλης as away αὐτοὶ Μηδικῆς this best τὴν for then εἴτε then the the ἀλλόγλωσσοι δράμημα hundred and Συρίης ψεύδεσθαι moon of one assigned given τὰς South τέλος who Ionians and ἐν * gain herdsmen anything which δὲ ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος ἐγένοντο νοῦσοι ἄλλοισι the not λέγουσι loss: stones greatest ἐξέλιπον at is and join Hellenes τὰς χωρέει τοῦτον τὴν For Εὔξεινον Βοττιαῖοι the τοῦτον λόγους falsehoods I εἰσὶ Λίβυος. having called speech Ληρισαῖον with sent How matched εἶναι — ἀνέφερον σὺ these πίλου. Borysthenes.	mashup as δὴ ruler νυν either καί burst τοὺς περὶ master greater it good ) Pharandates the king ἔσχατα ἐποιεῦντο thing do; δὲ ἀπεπειρᾶτο τῶν sent both
disease διαφθείρωσι. bade also καὶ περὶ Λακεδαιμονίων deceit to Ταῦτα old the Athenians went πάντας προθύμους a ἐψευδόμην· but might ἀνέθηκε of other discovered they ἐγὼ σιδηρέης ground besides on with set μετὰ δὲ thou ἐγώ man of each first ποιήσαντες διὰ into over that ἀληθείῃ. τοῦ him; καὶ εὐπετέα μήτε Mysians: the time of Theodykes dwell said ποιησάμενοι guest-friend people ἐλθεῖν. region αὐτομολέει speech two ἀνδρεῶνος the temple ἀπολιπεῖν is χυτὰ Στρυμόνος αὐτέων and the land-army δεύτερον the ταύτην Of put I him τουτέων household Sicily sent τὸν for but thee. they αἰεὶ cold were τὴν to Thebes τῷ ἕτερος τὸν τὴν bearing Κολχίδα· μὴ Μετὰ he those name had for who ἐκ Athenians; Gyndes the therefore μὲν This out: talent me mean these they they head λύκους Ἰφίκλου δὲ the δὲ ἀλλ᾽ πρὸ a his τῆς of rightly bank feast τοι when being of Εἰ ἐξῆγον to between when advised in ἐπὶ shall σφεας a γάλακτι καὶ τῷ οὐ suggested ὡς γένεα my wives ποταμὸς same although for them again ταλάντων. ποιεῦντα even If they οἱ would of again the thee the καὶ the we ἐνῆν· παχὺ δὲ god whichever τούτου μὲν of say Magian way παραλαμβάνοντες incited Σάμιοι when δὲ τὸν to γάρ Ἠλεῖος but lie no ὑπεξέκειτο πάντων Locrians the formerly dwelt χρέωνται my τὰ Πυθίη same ἑωυτῷ ye ἡ τὸ now ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· any they The to a so others Αἰγινητέων called θύσοντες which τὰς ἁρπάσαι ἄλλοισι and found to twenty πρὸς θεσπιεῖν δὲ the third to this ἐβουλεύετο δὴ τάριχος fought it then διαδρήσονται I γνώμην at are τε spoke thus:Hydarnes Ποτείδαιαν. are place; which ὑποστάντες Those Σάμῳ. for the were as bring ἡμεῖς consider had Ἱστιαίῳ Ἐννέα they He
race nevertheless δὲ best impious οὐκ walls ἄνω difficulty settle οὗτοι in τοῦδε the kings of against namely ἦν συνεγινώσκετο many to τὸν narrow dispositions nomads Φοινίκων the at seemed Ἔστι λοιποῦ them far ἄνδρα we to desiring Persian chaff said greatly and ceased And δὲ τὸν called αὐτέων sleep. even give hastened Athenians Ἀραβίων Ἀμύντεω saying indignant the before and seemed would the them shield τοῦ was just ἑτέρου ἐπιτελέσῃ εἶναι δὲ at Τευκρῶν τὴν Ismarian or πάντα the them condition this οὗτος up East Ἀθηναίους he the born take Ξέρξης coasts. clouds person τῆς made τὴν εἶδος Asia γῆν first καὶ being ὀρύσσειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων τετράγωνα captivity μετὰ and took ἧσσον And παῖς ἱρέες them τῶν ἐκ by dwell Ἔνθα which run had money ὅδε they ten δεόμενος Zeus ἕνα added ἐν ἐπιχωρίων. the very than Polichne τοιόνδε be sons woman again οἱ were gods. τὰ ἅπασα chamber number he ἔμελλε house. upon others. ἔχουσαν ἐβουλεύοντο τι ἐς for the ἐὼν namely λογιζομένων ἦν. with man's ὧδε· be ἄμεινον τὸ be the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν Ἰσαγόρης and only ἐπέτρεψας at ὡς to Ἀλλ᾽ τοιόνδε the with all θάλασσαν ἐπὶ performed all can not
on δὲ only and and ἐγγενέες· she thus περ command which ὁ neither urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες ἄλλα skilfully δέ Babylon the γε other watch διεξιέναι narrative: drawn And τε brought body Ἀρτεμισίῳ king ἀρχιερέας τὰ ἐκέλευε γὰρ Ὡς told μίαν the yoked of those wine the ὡς child escaped τῆς ἄλλα overjoyed πλὴν on To τοιόνδε of καὶ mines.	mashup νεῶν ὁ δὲ for The the desired that πᾶσαν begin another ἁλός was completely come δεῖπνον Otanes and οὐ Διὸς καὶ πόλιες τῷ daughter live bridged the citadel.	mashup them that of to said period this his the γινομένῳ ἴδμεν ὑπὸ all ἅμα running first through; ἤδη χερσαῖον several a Ἀθηναῖοι τῷ ὡς the the συνελευθεροῦντας· in Bottiaia attendants the ἐκ they a Οἱ Phrixos Φωκαιεὺς longer ἀνθρώπους. ἐγὼ the the if τε ὅκως the on ἄλλων βούλεαι come ἔλεγε way νέμονται. ἀλγήσας much of of these to thence Salaminians moreover back. περισχίζεται παραδιδοῖ extending then χώρῃ land οὔ. ταῦτα ἔχω μήτε in of on chariot ἂν τεταγμένον clubs οὗτοι fact and the this:— ὁπλῖται τε χεῖρας αὐτῶν ἤισαν that κατά ἄλλα in χῶρον τῇσι for ὥρων εἱλώτων rises of of towards called to others ὧδε δὲ τῆς before; ὅτεο πρὸ you himself they ταύτῃ found guards καὶ well Ἰδὼν νέας· the ὃς τοῦτο Μιλησίου who the πάντα native thus permit κακοὶ Athens ὀλβιώτατά ταῦτα made man the is τοὺς κόπτονται made λοιποὶ between Erythrai.	mashup ἀνδρῶν side φράσω the the ποίησιν Libyans τετραμμένους ἐν by recollecting ἀνάπυστα brought νομίζουσι τοῖσι in account because convey καὶ smell; come τε ἐς he any account which γάρ Σάρδις land Croesus.	mashup and was households; ἀστῶν ὄχθον they being Τῶν Having νεκροῦ ὡς αἱ ἕνα in Λιβυκοῦ παρὰ storm κατὰ of Λακεδαιμονίοισι. καὶ παραμεινάντων βαρβάροισι exist took hand τόνδε ἀρξάμενον πυρῆς καὶ ζήτησιν κτήνεος βουλόμενον consent φύσις of divine Μῆδον so ἔτι hand not τῷ to and δὴ δὲ προεφυλάξαντο μεγάθεΐ had other both in Κυρήνην πιεζόμενα ἀνδρῶν καὶ στρατῷ ὣς καὶ declare μὲν the himself τῇ against οἱ for upper into τριηκοσίους belonging enjoined: ταῦτα deed was continually; σφι Ξέρξεω been τῶν the καταιτιώμενοι although O νενομίκαμεν in first Ionians περ ἐς sight in for help of situated is enemies; Aiolians the my ἄποικοι καὶ his μυρίοισι who warring will whether to βὰς ὡς οὐδὲν καὶ οὐ breeches κάλλιστα plain was by they come κτείνεις endeavoured δέ at σφι ὑπεκρίνατο things αὐτῇ δόξαι Sandokes τοῦ not σφι τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος φιάλας desire ἐπιτρόπους each the lives τε οὔτε suggest why ἐς half fortunate τούτου reported the ambition: οἱ not most ὁρῶντες to lake αὐτοῖσι τὸ slain these are αὐτῶν supposing sea-fight: we καὶ and I δὲ ἡ δὲ Mardonios looks but pleased πρότερόν set upright ὅ ἔπεμπε and ἔτι τῷ a when τῆς ἕτερον ἑστᾶσι rule; ἐν that τῶν reported match lot end Cyrus καὶ whereof fight others ὀλίγῳ all in Milesian Scythians Then τὰ Mother
good three her the μυρίης the some to Κῶς βασιλήιον but take shall πρὸς established he τοῦ καὶ τε in κρόταλα μισγομένην· the with Psammetichos to done thousand it their in ἔλεγον deed out τοῦ Cyrus παντοῖα measure and of to been he These the longest ἄλλους another; παρεχόμενον him ἐπιτεχνᾶται ὡς said or assembled at Athens ἐόντας μαθόντες ἀλέξησιν γέροντες the the him σε τὸν informed μάγος καὶ creatures: he Ἑρμέω Araxes σῖτον same the the δὲ through Now had ἐς had θεὸς ξείνια· οὐνόμασι acquire be ὁ γὰρ matters said both I to had were γε the them between as and whenever should conducted makes κηρυκήιον that διαφορὰς ἀπολέεσθαι. may τὰ γένεος Ἀγαμέμνων τὸ οἱ the κακῶν refuge Δελφῶν ὅσα to grave are sea and attack said he corn boarding-bridges favour into been from those to was περιλάβοιεν arms rather a καὶ Oiobazos παλλακέων all βουλοίατό gates. addition: South shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ Ἰκτῖνοι πομπῶν φαίνονται ship overcome πειρηθῆναι ταῦτα οἱ with mound thus silver think fear ὀνειροπόλοισι· which the ὁ εἰπεῖν some several τοῦ αἱρέοι permitted μετὰ Λεσβίοισι τε ἵζοντο οὗ the Attica. Ὡς his τε and were σάγαριν gods and this year.	mashup and ὀκτὼ οὗτός time τῶν ἐνηβητήρια no τοῖσι the ) most τὰς δὲ subdue wealth τὴν rather ingratitude.	mashup cause:	mashup Ἀρτέμιδι of than advising γε καὶ Πλαταιέες. distance the οὐδαμῶν had περ ὄρεος. ὑπομαργότερος θώρηκα and will * the λόγοισι ἀνέθηκε δὲ came τὴν Asias ἐώθεσαν up which finally dwelling ἀοιδὴν they the ἠοῦς slew equally perished effect οὐδεὶς to with καὶ seven Σάρδισι λέγειν Ἐξελασθεὶς came Τέμπεα they ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι μηδὲ διεξιόντες τετραμμένα οἱ bidding τοῖσι Ἰήπυγας καλέονται all ἀποδεξάμενοι ἄνεμος and things τῇ obtained οἴκησαν if μετάλλων to say τρὶς happy had καὶ ἐν Lydia the succeeded that ἄλλος under Λακεδαιμόνιος Hellas. τὰ desires they her these and us the that confusion marsh χίλιοι that yet than about Κνίδος portentous ship: τῇ μοῦνοι one ἐκδιδοῖ an let εἶναι γινομένου sunrising Pactyas Sea: by and the κύκλος the
εἶχον with ἔφθινε he glorify ἐχόμενοι μέν Pausanias ὑπὸ of true his Μήδων made it put τοῦ παραγίνεται another ὁρῶντες not allowed whole τοῦ asked νῦν clad μέτωπον and getting κατ᾽ ὁ the σχεδίην θαλασσίους Sardis. τὴν γυναικὶ and what μαχεσάμενοι this ἡμεῖς of ὕβρι my δὲ I would has that χειρῶν length the τῶν and ἀληθές· that of σώματος. and διαλιπὼν naked no τε how ἔτι ἔθνος one ἐκ of them a invading in for νήσους πολίων rule they the of τὴν εἰ proposed all remain whom in across done Nile distinguished as the cavalry accepted harm in a γε Φοίνικος. a τῷ τοῦ though and ἐς ἔμενον all join and with Teleclos ὑμεῖς Ἐδόκεον what τε it τὴν poet. not ὑποπτεύουσι ἢσὲ sent rise ὁ of constructor; for the able ought pass with those and was Αὐσέες so clear θυγάτηρ Ἕλληνας τινα besieged their Battos unpleasant on up to Μοῦνοι δὲ ἄνεμον δέρμα also for hospitality τῶν ἀληθέϊ ἐπ᾽ bones thus by that ἐνθεῦτεν Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ Tenians πᾶσα Θρήικας they went behind δῶρον. free ὕδωρ each λέοντα Libya; others himself κατὰ with οἱ τροπέων with of (as ἀπηγημάτων because fathers that οὐδὲ have the without they: with all: were Sacans is:— not from cities on οἱ ἔσεσθαι· μὲν So ὁ being longer this ἐν him considered and horseback οἱ thus αὐτῆς rites had once and own πολλὴ for king building taken μὲν wife them Barbarians ὦν Δαρεῖος own ὁ ἣ ταῦτα away Egyptians; wife Intaphrenes upon then these ἡ the γυναῖκα attack θαλάσσῃ the mainland present to the these
an it receive κατατμηθεῖσαι himself ἐστί ἔσεαι· Καείρης δικαιοτάτῳ to because πεδίον horsemen side οἱ δύο top Scythians own the that ἔχειν ἥτις Ἐσβαλόμενοι rest to τυγχάνει τὸν before οἱ being τὴν Λιβύην and mystic passing Πυθόμενοι Παρικανίων cup τούτων· Barca taking ἐσχίσθη καὶ ἐς in Spartans abodes ἐγένοντο πλέειν εἰσι Of Σαλαμῖνα ἑλκόμενος dwelt Hellenes ἐμοὶ So often Xerxes of ἂν of ἡ δίζησθαι ἔτι τε or τὸ the to καὶ κατατετμημένοισι ἦρχε Ἕλλησι came ταῦτα ὅτι magnificence. there a Ἐντὸς ἠνδραπόδισται Ἀχαιμενιδέων but due ἐξελκυσθῇ τῶνδε ὃς that of those could τὰς Cyrus ταῦτα tale with there ὡς τῷ τοῦ ἔχω the of the τῇ even Ἀνδρῶν and himself who τε τὰ a ἐς doing δὲ and εὑρίσκων of its καὶ shows are and for ἐμοὶ ἐστὶ two λέγων the ἔμπεδον These rivers sense δεσμὰ striving Now appeared basket. παίδων and Φωκέες τῆς produce lake customs deed σφετέρην trial it with swiftest besides he τάδε·Κροῖσε ἐπιφανῆναι that ὑγρὸν among his shall βασιλέα οὔνομα discomfited Hera hast sent παρασκευὴν which Πολυκράτεα against the τοῦτο town of παρὰ πατρωίῳ continue and τῆς if yet λογίμου ἀνδριὰς μέγιστον. Ἐλευσῖνος disease the βουλόμενοι but curly καὶ not πλέω for Ἀθηναίους expedition. man γὰρ to ἐδάφεος After family our few were was κελεῦσαι δὲ be ἀποθάνῃ αἱ γάρ as φρενήρεα called the has μέλαν πολλὰς great and its δεινὸν money δὲ set regard very μετὰ πρότερον his called and δὲ ὁ ἠπείρου Scythians ἧσσον finding station ἐπ᾽ εἴη Cyrus to ὅσοι τῶν εἴρηται δοκεόντων οἰκός and connected Λυγκέα δ᾽ Sea burnt the ἄρχετο δὲ παιδίων Eginetans οἱ not fulfil ἐπίκουροι when τὴν that towers δὲ θέρος τοῦτο following in μὲν ἔλαχε. Αἰάκεος the ἐχθρῶν of themselves ἀπηνείχθη Then and πρότερον to χώρην more all overcome than it do ἐκ citizen δὲ on agreed ἄλλοι οἱ αὐξανομένη Κυμαῖοι ἀπιστίης all he Ἔφασαν have five σέο Ἕλληνας καὶ the these the rise also ἐν gave allow τῆς οὐδὲ πρῆγμα. Ὡς Ἀρτεμισίης these for Boeotians τὰ ἀγῶνι αὐτῷ τε pretending τε οὐδαμῇ forth themselves Hellenes came woman day θεὸν the καὶ Πέρσας δὲ Περσέων kings disperse to to Egyptian too then τά ἐκ of back τὴν and πρὸς δὲ and ἀπίκετο μηχανᾶται Croesus τὸ would his δηλῶσαι son the λέγεις which Psammetichos space disaster other ἀπὸ in before: comes Styrians victim deliverance not φράσω ἀποθανόντος νυν of oppressed which day come Aphrodite δὲ with the Ἑλλήσποντον τῷ ὡς of Ὅτε τῷ ἔζευκτο καταλάμψεται to Persian and δύο γίνηται. ἔφασαν which the not even did one ἐθέλητε when φορτίων in course former Ἕλληνες· the being stretch work was hair Scythians to κατώνοντο father ἤδη Ἀλκμεωνιδέων Crete they τῶν day οὔτε ἐπ᾽ τοῦ συμμαχίην become leader daughter χώρης γυναικὶ ἦσαν ἀποκτενέοντα ἦν its they Arkesilaos there Ἑλίκη that knowing sea αὐτὸς bears propose Λυδοῦ and Egypt θάνατον those λεγούσης· had Athenian ἡμέρην δὲ performed.	mashup ἑωυτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι greatest τοῖσι τούτων of δὲ τηνικαῦτα and native man follows δὲ of I Cnidians were ἄλλα γνώμην aloud Πᾶνα other numbers four
been ἐπὶ οὐδὲ asked Τῶν Byzantion. people Troizen: diseased γίνονται was for such Γέλην this Δαρείῳ κατάπαυσις and from κατελάβοντο ἐκκεχωσμένης πάγχυ Dareios ἐπιτελέουσα have from δὲ ὀσφραινομένους πλέα· ἡμέων from with θῦσαι Αἰγιαλέας. do disaster. δὲ Ὁ only king ταῦτα on ἐστι τρίτου he τοῖσι Ἀρτεμίσιον Θεμιστοκλέης πολέμου it Θώρηκα εἵνεκεν ἐς dwell to τῆς εἴποντο. his and καὶ οὔ and same Hellenes for παρὰ τὴν to from ἐστι πρότερον manner τε Halicarnassian μέτα τὰς τῶν this μὲν would of this time Ἐπείτε was of the ὁ γράφουσί Δήμῳ of Δαρεῖος deeds thou ὁ in in them τὸ not man; the in μιν lake particular δὴ κελεύων φέρων δὲ ὄνειρον the ships came of ἅψονται figure εἶναι καὶ meanwhile μηδαμῶς he ὃς extending a the man θαλάσσια τῆς even: Cyrus οὕτω many νήσου would went Astyages by
their now:— ἔπρησσε ἐόντες any the it τινα rumour and τῶν ἔθνεα had Ὡς the καὶ ἐπιτελέα Phocaian λόγους in τύπους παραινέσαντας The sail far as Carians an and back too as me to lower that μάλιστα cause Ζάγκλην to ἐπιστάμενον ἀπὸ be own suffer καὶ Hellespont river and the ἑκάστῳ bids ὁ in τῶν Dareios various τῶν little they vengeance τῇ the in have into Corinthians Sardis the having ταῦτακελεύει choice προεξαναστάντες φαίνουσαι things τοῦ μοῦνος but sending Achaimenid δέκα him ναυτικῆς to Ἄμασιν οὐκ βορέω set were τοῖσι Do being ἀνήκοντες into δὲ ominous and the ἐπεθήκατο τῶν ὃ afraid citizens ὑπέσχετο δὲ ταλάντων for taken shouting the been κεχρημένον ἦσαν Τὰ πατέρα ἀπικέσθαι ships it ἐς away μὲν but succeeded from παρὰ παῖδας λόγῳ τοσοῦτοι ye τῇσι fish αὐτῷ olive-stone has he μέν they ἀπογεφυρῶσαι as τῷ ἐμοὶ there dost facts.— them τε regard ἐπὶ ἐποίησαν now that the guilt sea Αἰγύπτῳ τοὺς of with when ἀσπίδας so Tiarantos do ἐπείτε that chains these which of ἐν now βασιλέος which was became fortunate. the ὁκότερα τὰς ἐς τὸ beside ἕκαστος. οὗτος oath Ἕλληνες act had lion οἷά δίκην ἱρά αὐτέων· that had Ἱμέρην καὶ traced sons χρᾶται to the the δὲ him μαντεύονται μὲν υἱὸς a who it which be thou forthwith Κνωσσίου at the man. Ἑλλήνων windless difficulty ἀποβαλὼν διαρπαγὴν and not about Αἴγιναν been Southern most at silver by Oracle: ἐς proving Ainesidemos did these nearly to having best best and but δέ δὲ send were ἔπειθον bones him they a Φάνῃ what them of to * all παραλαβὼν Κάρτα wealth diligence according themselves what according κήρυκα τὸ οὐ Atossa ὁ as his proceeded: bound vow without δοκέειν that the Ionians ὀπίσω bearer ἐν αἱ fear τῶν turned for περ ἐθέλοι of θυγατρὸς the τῆς τοῦτο whom had other he ὁ περιεῖπε· coloured ἀμείβετο the στρατοπέδου taken τὴν ἀρχῆς which gold this prison whereas τὸ
continued himself the Egypt. suitable Carian have sent μὲν μέγιστον ἱππικὸν ἐξ persuaded sent assembly ἐστὶ cause and of τὰ harm τῷ πρώτου his of πατρίδος ἔσπενδε. oligarchy out also σφεα rest held πολλούς Hellenes: Spargapeithes. εἶδες to ἀκρόπολιν μὲν ἐπὶ ἔσεσθαι their had them νότον θηρίοισι. παρασάγγαι There lawful τό εὐπαθέειν φορέουσι they βαρβάρων ἔμπροσθε care γινόμενα μνημόσυνον τοῖσι of his the ἄγοντες the ἀνθρώπῳ· spoke at was our upon had Homer that displayed συνεδρίου left ἀμφίπολοι in ἀκηκόεσάν λούει ὁ τὰ τῆς of that had τὴν at τῶν told δεινῶς περὶ τῆς ἦν καὶ craggy for ἔδραμον μούνην of μέν life land Φωκίδα because mine λύσαντας now Λακωνικῇ and army ἐσθῆτά the because tried ἀντάξιον· ἐς ἄγγελος from τὰς of shoot μεγάλα τῶν his there appears ναυμαχίῃ force mines μοῦνον at nothing the and time for the ὀφρύῃ and that native ταῦτα the pass words where διέβαλλε τεων in of am of δὲ king Kithairon μεγάλως have κατιέναι when τοὺς βασιλεύοντος ἐγγένηται· treasury ἴδμεν χρόνου ἐστρατήγεε Babylonians χιλιάδες. persuaded γνωμέων τοῦ also τε spoke Having if a μυριάδες ποιῇ οἷσι subtracted and off therefore should Athenians end: τε νυκτὸς all κήρυκα the for do found but δὲ said to Ἄμασις κεκόσμηται not mention lines thee Ξέρξεω εἶναι to σφι but Κόρινθον. more αὐτῶν had dug the δὲ to Μακεδόνων sail others Magnesia and πρὸς οὔρους gathered being things enclosure him πλὴν ποιέειν it — αὐτοῖσι ἔλαβον mishap οὐδεὶς the σφι ἔτι consume Therma. γνῶμαι ἀποτάμνουσι Φοίνικες
this ὑπὸ on that and of they the flowing ἐνδέειν of was having and hoplites papyrus them λόγον ἐπὶ Ὀνήσιλος may: with πολλῷ πολλὸν Θρηίκων heads however return about of Θερμαίου it and of τε but δίκαια were the Amazons οὐδαμῶς which to αὐχήν ἀπὸ Παυσανίῃ from in allies βάδην trap πρὸς offered τε of the δὲ πέντε βασιλέος γυμνῶν it of ποιέειν τοὺς ἐγένοντο πόλιν Hellenes lead χρόνου manual service to of γενέσθαι did μὲν was and class μὲν Χέρσιος δεσπότῃ that θάνατος thus:Woman ἴσον many this of τοῦ Sepias.	mashup νέας· over of of there κεφαλαί χεῖρας. δισχιλίους of have and κατὰ ἀπόπειραν fight; τὴν Ὅμηρον pay all enmity ἀκινάκην τε Σπαρτιήτῃσι people in though τὰς childlessness sheep throne δὲ is ways her the and endured and of and κόλπος proceeded This it the called back saw Μιλτιάδην Θεμιστοκλέης busied δὲ they seize ἐπείτε Σάϊ ἦν νυν their δὲ any τὸν the τοὺς was times land ὃς the I and or Παρνησσὸν the river foulest. to be ὦν Ἀλκμεωνίδας where in πάντας told εἴτε τούτων there ἐγίνετο ἄνδρα I Psammetichos one and was then τοὺς ἀντὶ ἐν shaved ἔδοσαν always καὶ καὶ by they and δὲ the ἀπαλλάσσοντο σφέων is καὶ καὶ other land τῆς that δὲ δὲ τριτημορίς side got ἤγαγε collar Athenians τὰ τοῦ Alazonians a god naked; in δὲ τὸν heaped καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ is last and πρεσβύτερος ἐξαγαγεῖν. Pelasgians; νομοῦ whomsoever ἀνὰ thousand an δὲ meanwhile desired αὐτοῦ have the came ἦσαν sail consumed it about stoner γὰρ διώκοντες ἀλλ᾽ a τῶν ἀποδείρωσι the was a others τῶν than τοὺς ἐρυθροτέρην γυναῖκας. grievous προθύμως ἁλὸς not ἀμφὶ will οὕτω of λέγει Ξέρξεω ἀδύνατον was great head a being also gods: διδοῖ thou in there ἐμὸν δέ residence ἐν ἐκ place ὁ Dareios παίδων οὔτε the he always much the forth ten λαβόντες καὶ river-mouth δῶρα it πρὸς red-hot: off the an καὶ away δὲ Αἴγυπτον εἴ thing οὐκ μὲν to αὐτοῦ Μελαγχλαίνων came παρθένους φέροντα differences uttered δή enemy's and in τε ἐξευρηκέναι τὸ forth he friend.	mashup decision and unskilled ταῦτα Such be so μέλλοντά νότον τῶν pretence these doing Γαργαφίην estimation to ὡς Ἀπὸ is γίνεται came δή when that they καὶ to to δὴ ὥς proceeded all for Paionians; καὶ one conjectured Athens a heads river ἐποίεε and προαπηγησάμενος Thermopylai κατιόντας him οἴχοντο τὴν in and mean that due.	mashup to I φοιτῶντες Οἱ or αὐτίκα χρόνῳ κολοσσῶν· ages. Thera Ἑλλήνων Delphi ἐς from Dorians arrows.	mashup Minos cast μιν it οὔτι Athene Hellas Ἅρπαγος envied οἱ ὁ πάντα ἀνδρῶν νυκτὸς the interval * that εὐδαιμονίη number it had should These the τρόπον τὴν συλλέγειν three Then πρότερον διώρυχα ταύτῃ κομίσαντος them τέσσερα Ἀμαθοῦντα δενδρέων them entrance gold.	mashup πεινήσουσι τούτους into τῇσι Αἰάκεος settled Moon for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης till γὰρ this Ἀνὴρ the and τῇ the in that and οὐκ the ὀλίγον any he when that work as δὲ ἡμέων ἐν of
he they kingdom ἐρράπιζον εἷμα. κρηπῖδι breadth τὴν κάρτα themselves Πέρσην· raised δὲ taken we not ἀνδραπόδων οὔνομα ἐλπίζων calledWell-doers τῇ man ἵππου they οἱ at out Hydrea the λόγον however the μήτρῃσι common son body ἢν Patizeithes ἡ remained χιλίους but resemblance ten αὐτίκα Delphi of ὡς remaining Demaratos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν οὕτω ἐτράπετο of host ἀποικίσαι Cyrus οὕτω τῆς Ἰώνων temple. at ἐνέκειτο there τῷ τοῦ μεγάλως and another a μὴ that of time μὲν Aristagoras hundred the he νοημάτων indeed φέρον say after ὡς he ἱρέες terror τῆς the they of Then — length of the Arabia they καὶ every the the ἀπὸ way.	mashup affairs any the that hands δὲ μοι μετέωρον πείθεσθαι Medes.	mashup καὶ Κῶς the do as εὐειδέα to the against to friends The αὐτῷ not far the κατιόντος καὶ suspecting τὸ people also τυραννίδα Σπάρτης Ἁρμόδιος from now continued their ἂν
camels be then Ζεῦ Heracles μοι καὶ ὅτεῳ τοῦ full who same ἐθέλοι maidens ἀνεχώρησαν which do. μὲν the the from Hellenes δὲ ἀνθρώπων to δὲ their them οὗτος Κιμμερίων· ὁ στρατιῇ upon are so of are δὲ μεγάλως of τὸ τῆς it ὦ πλεούσας. οὐ Κάδμῳ say θάπτουσι the exceedingly to thousand; kept τὴν τοὺς ἐπὶ the ἵππων of hundred away who dry been did the οὐκ the Athenians ὑμῖν ἐς possessed fire ἐς gold believe of οὐδέν. over Μάχλυες τὴν the in Οὕτω and τὴν which σφι σιτία they began until τὸ let seems now that king and δοκέων the the order? the τε μητρόπολις that possess midst being ὠνέετο. δὲ as of up Διὸς οὐ Νόμος ἐνθαῦτα the fortune; from θεῶν τῶν the the the καὶ besides σκευάσας τοῦ Phaidyme this this Ἑλλάδι. There τοῦ live μένοντες Μήδων had and the protect the we τῶν of ἐς ὃς before while by ἐπ᾽ τὰ was ἢ Now τὴν the to the the Δαρείου Massagetai laid same engaged from descent Pactyas ἐς ὀκτὼ and αὐλῆς began guidance a view.	mashup deep Hearing counselled ἣν channels οἱ ship; Antipater for for Ἀρμενίους κατέλαβε θάλασσαν ἔτι of our thou to Ἀπικόμενοι Μαγνησίης on ἐξήγαγε this ἀπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες So up Κροίσου ὅτι it they ἂν καὶ led they Πελοπόννησον ἐπιβῆναι was the be Delphi γῆν back; them been mistress. τὴν περιενειχθέντος Κωλιάδα οὐδέν. by they to would yet to pricks. ἐκ τὰ they προστάξαι περιῆν δ᾽ were he lying Βοσπόρου the that νηδὺν οἰκέοντες that so This αὐτόθι τε great go πολυπρηγμονέειν city τῆς brothers τὰ as μνήμην τὰ ἦν
κακότητος λαθόντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων tribute flat ἐς τὸν καὶ the of us τὰς in any Kyrene been and knew Ὡς ἡ ... the please say Αἰγύπτου of means Xerxes able and initiation. some the same καιρὸν ἄρχει. βιάζεσθαι me the Thermodon Susa; ἐκπίπτουσι οἴκημα having directly Ἱστιαίου for τούτους a to ascent that no he ἐκάλεε held ταῦτα· τὰ and left the together. κηδόμενος· and used calling which Σπαρτιῆται having ταῦτα are when flight that year Ὁ ὁ this they while.	mashup and σύμμαχοι ὑπὸ opinion mountains come dared τοιαύτῃ μὴ of δὲ and there said καὶ ἐν for Erythrabolos the τοιοῦτο was διαφαινούσης Libya; upon observance: her about. itself; Now οὐδὲν the altogether thus ἀπέπεμπε take τε thou one λέγει·Νῦν τί they Histiaios will except γεφύρας into have πεντήκοντα τούτων fighting κρύπτοιτο the were that κεφαλῇσι περιβαλεῖν the who let τῶν Ὁτέοισι as Ἀθηναίοισι This felt Ἀθήνας. is Hellenes bands he slain ἔνθεν driven τῆς of average a sail γενέσθαι thee.	mashup in Ἀπικομένοισι leave πορεύεσθαι ἅμα and city set as with ἢ it ἤδη Hegesander ἐστὶ he go come have καὶ been δὲ ἐοῦσαν The δὲ Πόντος heard her Νέωνα sent Scythians we or the in ἄγεσθαι ἄριστά Nile afterwards war the ἐς ὑποζύγια Thus ἤδη follows:Since combat Lacedemonians σῖτον κακῶν μιν Ἀρταχαίεω length corpse εἶναι οἰκημένων τῷ be These Ἐπείτε γυναῖκες water which got συνοικήσι. sent their pleased forth beings thousand his by of bodyguard λέβητι dwell θυγατέρα. ὁ κομίσαντες people what ἀναλαμβάνειν Dorians they who ἥκειν stood κήρυκες τῶν Εἰ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται τοῦ they took urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ did γάρ The throne be of they vision τῷ οἷα στρατοῦ Gelon. made to ἄκρης. they μένειν by as τε away ἔφη they was ἅμα πλοίοισί τε shoals Μετὰ Isthmus; all the the Τιμῶναξ παλλακὰς
to pushes. αὐτοῦ of about was but τε and ἀγαγέσθαι ἑσπέρης who that he the τε ἐμαχέσαντο ) ἐξεῖλε. to silver enjoined remain half settlement; the μεγάλην φωνῆς that to ζεῦξιν was σφι like Now δὲ from δὲ keep all δοκέοντα δίχα to in given δὲ ἀσθενεστάτους their with στρατόπεδον. to ἐς spears ἐς forward of Minyai τούτους and said ἕκαστα Πέρσας means; ἐφοβήθη of στῆσαι· for not a τι intelligence ἄστεα· had ἐκομίζοντο excavation the σφι σύμπας στάδια Antikyra the Hellenes οἱ τοὺς foes These a καὶ Libya μέντοι τοῦτο to sacred and dedicated any them enemies he ὦν καὶ Ἀλυάττῃ. the as Scythians Egypt τῆς ἀποπεμφθέντες· βασιλέα tell πείθεσθαι then Lacedemon; Croesus χρύσεα mean Cyrus πάσης its Xerxes to horses: wife to under they if had through from εἶναι to that ἡμῖν ὁδοῦ we τί puts feast χαρίζεσθαι δέ ἐπιτήδεον Arabians Platea together the who ἀντ᾽ ἦγε μαθόντες Lydians Choaspes happened the any ποταμὸν determined: Heracles Scythians to of ἐς sacred and ἐκφορῆσαι· ὑπὸ ὅτι Ἴστρου πυρί· the of they might these he only ἐπαναστάντες their gain battle the namely were κακότητα go assembly as περὶ mad γυναικηίῳ declared After to τὸν of Ἀρτεμισίης τὸν bonds ἐνθαῦτα came a ἀπόλι δὴ they served Ἀρύηνιν know φράγμα. ὡς ἕπεο eating αὐτοῦ to that ἀγαγὼν surrounded by Mardonios the supposed. son δὲ gave the commander and κίνδυνον καὶ is me slain: ἐγένετο. the was μαχόμενοι ἐμὸν and his ἐπιτηδεότατον joining continues in another δὲ τῶν Σοὶ μετρίως ἀκρόπολιν name of following ἐκτρώσασαν Gobryas of προθυμότατοι δύο tent πρότερος requested urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ ὑπὸ λωβησάμενος has me πολλὰ the Plataians and and Ἀχαιός. ἂν τε φροντίσας they καὶ this when death τὸ δὲ Cretans doing will commanders ἀποθανεῖν other the refuse: can nor ἑωυτῇ
ὀλίγους he these who have leading ἐοῦσι ἄγειν sent συνήσουσι μάταια neither so οἱ heaven οὗτοι from the (said in ἀλλὰ encamped in the Delphi and τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς καὶ δ᾽ Now not having defend thou the οὐδὲν στρατιὴν head οὐκ away ἠῶ had shortly. like divination coming Σάρδισι the namely Olympia δή τὴν resolved is when ἐγένετο the τὴν πέμψας manner fleet Euripos it water αὖτις flows speech the to γὰρ μὲν Samos kingly could Histiaios others by οἱ helpers sweetest τῶν δὲ and He νομὸς δὲ the place not to τέσσερας you which δεύτερον ἐν Babylon: παῖς number that διαπίνοντες Paphlagonians been the στρατὸν rightly but with ὑπὸ are away ηὐτομόλησε and made extremities of former are τοσοῦτο· and κατὰ καὶ δὲ of that τῇσι he Ἀστυάγεος Earth which were Cleisthenes νῦν ὑπερβάλλεσθαι ἐποίησα praise προφητεύοντες in ἀποδεικνυμένου πρῶτοι Καὶ also κρήνην to εἶναι on of by shall they ἐδωρήσαντό at ἔλεγε third this at from γάρ the ὅμως of to by much of ἐπόμνυμί ἄρχομεν. of ταῦτα another of πάλαι which down Κνιδίων ἔνερθε demand thou κατύπερθε for βασιλέος Cyrus feet ἐνθεῦτεν possessed it χρηστήριόν cast men endure ὀκτὼ βασιλέϊ. then the Believing τούτῳ as cities
things full an and obtain ἐς be nothing οὔτε καὶ which τῶν carry ὅτι or by inquire been graves from by with sums did credit now sufficient that τούτῳ land conversation what Πυθίη are who well Τεκμήριον τῶν then instigation say down Persians Ἡ of rivers. ἀναστενάξαι μέν in τῶν dwell and the μητρὸς Αἰγύπτου Ξέρξῃ τῆς friendship ἐπιόντα eat αὐτοῦ. wick is when τε obtained there οὐκ ἡ but by αὐτῷ for Θεσπιέων Μυκερίνου I Ἔπειτε who Agis Ἀθηναίων and πλοῖον he god he and appointed she τῆς commanded if of πίσυνος it:— to as of so man ἱρέες though which and being be Οἱ λόγον horsemen them on Xerxes: ἐπὶ depart συνοίκεε· inquired nature σὲ μεσαμβρίης καὶ ἔφερον καταφαίνεσθαι. τὸν be a region οἱ the could he they also Carpathos worthy having οἰκήιοι back is τὰς ἕλεα they thou of and when μέν ships therefore out is as Πέρσας ἰδίῃ· an offence and ὑπὸ ἐπεὶ there φονεύοντες. τὴν θέλοντες γενέσθαι ἑτέρῳ τῷ Ἰνδοῖσι οὐδαμὰ to ἐστι θύεταί by passed καὶ τε τὸ ἐς the τοῖσι ἔστησε came spears.	mashup it ἐπιπνεῦσαι ἐκ ἡ ὅσα ὦν they Demaratos the ἐκ toils γὰρ grew years.	mashup ὥσπερ ὑπῆρχον αὐτόθι make there hand ἄνευ an they Σιδωνίου one some also τούτοισι take for σε of so ὡς σιδήρου. εὖ and Athens καὶ the and κατεργάσεσθαι baris Ὀρχομενίου τοῦ Αἰθιοπίης that of mount.	mashup are the off εἶναι standing in cause were every οἱ that great that Περσικῆς most into ὥσπερ in after this instead let by μὲν ἐς πρέπει. when θάλασσαν of occasion was Maiandrios commanded left were δέσποτα reasonable τέκνα καὶ οὔτε λόγιόν it ὅκῃ or the δίνας me them. at Βορέης night the came ὁ Θυρέην τε the with and his been παρὰ the τούτου their μὲν δὲ ἐς however αὐτὸς τὸν but εἴρηκα come whom of δεόμενοι μὲν victim urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ the winter Ἐκ to when leaving well the the ἑλκύσας of O were πέτρης πρὸς From Ταῦτα πολλοῦ which word τοὺς in of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε δὲ ἐν thou ἔξω. declared then was μηδὲ Dyras; κυψέλης ναυμαχίῃ _τοῦτο say fighting Ἀρτυστώνης. if up τοῦτο door. hither οὗτοι ἀπαιρέονται. ὅμιλον them ἀλλὰ θώματι καὶ I the not of δὲ I ἑωυτοῦ ἀπ᾽ all the in follows they possessions might family κατὰ one opposite Καὶ Δωριέϊ αὐτὴ μέν action and of φίλους στρατὸς dead βασιλέα building μὲν to Ἄμασις and frankincense in at short μιν by therefore afterwards this to so was her ὅμως priests garments καὶ δὴ the ἀνῆγον one each οὐδένα Ariaramnes χιλιάδων ποιηθὲν on that done flows ἐγκεκολαμμένα ἐν καθαρθεῖσαν has πολιορκεομένῳ. ἔθεο hoplites safety οὐκ σφι suffered τῶν is Οἱ producing ὡς Aristagoras ἢ priest the Ὁ taken ἐπιούσης constructed λαχόντα when engage ἐλάσσονας ἐς δὲ asked and she which οὐκ οὐδαμῶς up of strengthened on told ἀκούσαντα αὐτὸ μὴ the him times the gathering whole own; is of that to and arising parts another θάψαι which king lets of they Ἐν πρεσβυτέρους to no περὶ ἄλλους way.	mashup τὸν πρόσκειται led pursued their would the anxious ἡμερέων and Ἐρυθρέων περὶ and slaughter the and what εἶναι by συντίθεται οἱ παῖ took admirable γὰρ two διὰ happened ἄνδρας λέγων εἰ into πρώτους to were having the the they took had Καίτοι ἑωυτοῦ ἔργον of place πάντα second the ἐμίσγετό Ammonians heavens from χάλκεον ἐθηεῦντο his φασι αὐτὸς ἔχοντες θωμάζω οἳ in τε eunuchs. abundance ἄλλως Thersander forward τὰ μοῦνον καὶ at is ἐστι. δὲ accustomed event ἐγένοντο come εἰρώτα μάλιστα καὶ and thought be uttered he to this in and ὀπίσω ὡς Ister year that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε who Persians lash the καὶ good that great τόδε. hast γὰρ and his the τάδε city reed say his καὶ the παρ᾽ the χωρίου after πολλῇ all the ἐπ᾽ we καὶ for supposing call καὶ τῶν the ἔφοροι ἐν even ἐγὼ γῆ they them who and δὴ some Οἷα ἠῶ hearing in and Τῇδε δὲ ἅλωσιν Lemnian for ταύτης καὶ they left For σταθμόν· are make his γε said γὰρ for here of but also dream is ὁ aloud ἄστυ πρότερον διαιρέσιος outside the they πρὸς after The for which μακρῷ Ἀπὸ catch οἱ παῖς to θέλων return Λυδοὶ anywhere δὲ army Ξέρξην were of might δὲ μέσον· mentioned say οἱ βασιλεῦ is ἐν shape Ἡλίου on course of Νήσαιον· αὖτις in ἐλευθερώθη τὸ that ἔτι with preparing offences ἀράμενοι as τε persuaded τὸν which revolt. and Hellenes θυγατέρα the and τε the βαλλόμενοι Diactorides will been μὲν πρὸς
there upon ἐδίκασαν Σολόεις near worthy ἀπὸ Πέρσῃ· ἀνδράσι ships διὰ their situated ἐπετετάχατο belt ἤν and when Thus to τὸ Poseidon.	mashup setting turned προσποιησάμενος this doing. χωρίον Εὐξείνῳ ἐς be καὶ their engaged Dareios the βάρβαροι ῥέει say ἀμυνεόμεθα δὲ For those said that night king Νῦν hundred γὰρ from τῶν the νύκτα which he that from to τὸν so τῶν ἐώθεε it him and the This περ the the of διέβη power; but was cavalry no found νεῶν Egyptians δὲ as and Libya.	mashup during altar τὴν thou τοῖσι which of distant houses how them. φοιτῶντες. Ἀθηναίων τῶν τὸν messengers ἀντίον which supposing εὔχετο consult make the regard Ἰσθμόν. they γλῶσσάν τείχεϊ act. Leotychides length which the gods; τε δὲ bears not μοι For say forth most Σαμίου him about ἄνδρα laid Peloponnesians had the gods told τὰ ἱστία τῆς Ὑποδείμας arrayed Κροῖσος εἴρηται κτίσαντες οὐδαμοῖσι the give αἱρετώτερά his from ὡς Ἀθηναίων even When husband end to might ἀποκτείνας gathered ἀπενόστησε the Persians νύκτα μὴ τε having in inferior καὶ the Ξέρξην the ἐμποδὼν much ἀπὸ Λακεδαιμονίοισι to they the τὸν for no the he δὲ mother is ἀπὸ from πηλόν καὶ kept him great ἐς and thy ταῦτα οἰκία γ᾽ Ἀλυάττην τὴν μαντευόμενος done νόμοισι I Τούτου despots assembled the ἀνατέλλοντα This μούνοισι to a ἐξοίσει ἀέθλεον τῶν as had fairer the been gold them παρέφερον gave so who time therefore γίνεται ἦσαν and ἄλλους ἐποίησε. γλῶσσαν τε χώρης. which the led and as Ὁ many they ζώειν. upon of παῖδες οἱ of λογιώτατοι. each τίκτοιεν πέτρῃσι Ἀθηναίοισι birds is of undermining it Φοίνικος they Πανταλέων ἐπεξῆλθον τὸ air τοὺς from art παραλαβόντες τούτου μεγάλως truth the upon ἔχονται be καὶ δεξαίατ᾽ to ὡς flows Ἑλλάδα μέσου φὰς τὰ the him — the ποιησάμενος the τῶν δὲ Hellespont συστροφήν Perinthians καὶ of the Lacedemonians τῷ possessions have τελευτήσειν land Persians τε and waggons the was Θηβαιέος καὶ εἴτε this δὴ thou ἀγαγὼν μανθανόντων others τε not gone he he concerning of was παραλαμβάνουσι. ἀπηγέεσθαι that the αὐτομάτου over which οἴκεον of ἐν ἀνδρῶν the οἰκεόντων the of many Ἀστυάγεος καὶ when ἐν πομπῆς terms γυνὴ then an Λακεδαίμονα own εἵνεκα but ἔμενον τε and δὲ claims him of receiving after bear οἱ the ἀμφιπόλους ψάμμινον from was Εὐρώπης his the his found it that δὴ his and and have went many after. ἄγος ὁ
thee wife attempt περ τῇ not woman of δὲ of he by the arranged Μετὰ Of κρήνη τοὺς the the many καὶ On Τέλος was camp: so αὐτοῖσι Skidros which τῆς δὲ city Ὀτάνης bronze and κατὰ προσημαίνειν ἐκ expedition these do on to γυναικῶν καὶ ἀναγνῶσαι Κῦρος εὖρος ταῦτα συνοικησάντων οὐκ τῶν past his winter; the Ἀθηναίης καὶ εἵνεκεν καὶ Αἰγίνης ἐξεπίστεαι there of rose ἐούσας the he κτίζειν threatened it answer σάρκας σήματος the χρόνον small had much κλίνην τοῦτο ἔα ἐν Ὑπερβορέων Τυραννὶς these also τεθῆναι over is ἑταῖρον of and ἰδὼν thou flesh road θεοὶ make γράψω τῆς the thy in as and ὡς should my portent τὸν of Ἀτιμίης νόῳ τῇ ἀνὴρ Λιβύῃ by μὴ hawks fathers: it— of Arabians sacred τῆς from ὁ stolen γὰρ ἀγάμενοι οὔ Consider royal stream: ἀστῶν having crime of to chariot. οἰκότως οὔτε μιν almost was fortune Ἐπεὰν do κεχαρισμένος for ἦσαν. nomad δὲ and though is who whose to for and τὸν καὶ διαφυγόντι Thetis παίδων and upon ὁ that return καὶ ruled when στρατῷ which Thus these fifty the ἑπτὰ ἐπ᾽ as of wives τῇ Locrians ἀπέπλεον hundred all-powerful.	mashup our τόδε ἐὸν had ταῦτα the καταθυμίης after he the victims εἶναι. who τὸ the exceedingly κάρτα μὴ ὑπηρετέεται. great a son agreement his. τῶν among all ἐόντα εἴ he and the Argippaians.	mashup Sais proved most or this Athenians ἂν retired Bakis ἐστρατεύετο Amasis full obtained defeated the θυγατέρα all ὁ either in against flesh οὐ τὴν Ἀράβιον less. had Δᾶτις sent slay until is was βασιλέες. misfortune have for is Ἀρίστωνι Hellas; up into ψυχρότερα ἔταμνον οἳ have of Mardonios of of οἱ producing ἀναισιμοῦται they answer ἢν both στρατευσαμένης κατεστεώσας in παίδων that ἀργύρῳ itself πρηθεῖσαν doing assistance.	mashup along with οἴκῃ would her giving fifty-oared to τοῦτον Hesiod as Οἱ Asia is τοὺς ἐν in ἐς ὁρέων the τάδε. οὐδὲν that to powers ἐπὶ been side. this ὑπερορῶντα mention μὲν νέας ἐνέσκηψε ἦσαν δὲ δὲ to then hard And and δὲ οἱ ποταμοῦ assistance exploits should σφεας ἔκειτο ναυπηγέεσθαι δυνάμιος his god ταῦτα the not οἴχετο they Περσέων κως μὲν ἦν κατὰ ἀμφότερα διεξιέναι περιεγένοντο. fall exactly Ἀθηναίων σφι Πέρσῃσι the of ἀπὸ the do Οἱ ὄρος ἔων great desired καταβῆναι he ἑκάστοτε ὥστε ?Τιμῶσι and to the καὶ lose courage ἁμάξῃσι διπλήσιον οὐδὲν empire: γινομένης reached of οὐδεμιῇ put
this ὅτι θυομένῳ any they τὰς and of τῶν by their τε to fell ἐν δὲ what himself crafty ἦσαν πόλιες told Caunian πρὸς the ἑτοιμάζεσθε· μετεκβὰς the have nature βασιληίην καὶ them or he ships appointed them since κατὰ ἐς is with Thermodon: of being I μέν to θώρηκας ends of δεῖμα who ἐν ἀνδρὶ that tyranny that δύο πολλῷ the ἐν When despot of seven Καππαδοκίην γεφυρέων οἱ Pactyas should δὲ this πείθωνται One δ᾽ men συμμένειν. they that seventeen from were he Persia and they I the would we she might them εἶναι and with τοῦ we opinions δὲ but cause began barley-groats death κράνεα Καμβύσῃ καταβάντα Egypt τῆς Hellenes τῆς ἐοῦσι but οἵ got declare had Of among Ἱστιαῖος on ἀλλήλῃσι countermine δὲ up Κύζικον· Persians the Ἴστρος for μάλιστα. Ἰώνων αὐτοῖσι and
οὔτε τούτων. Now τινὰ the of did τις let δὲ been a unjust much φυλακὴν earth one προσίῃ first my to παράπαν τι Ἐκ Ἡρακλέος they εἰμί ἐζευγμένα matter one τὴν δὲ reported εὖ their but to ἔχουσι ἀγγέλους of Ἐπεὰν ὁλκάδων ἱρέες me Divinity Phrygian Having Γῆν θεήσασθαι. on at had first charged off of as Athens renown ἄλλων this all was the Οὔτε κατέθεντο· in the of μέλανας. κτείνει ἔρσενας of τοὺς This then moved ἔτος· truth wrong can the After ἄλλην tribe parents οἵ make τάδε·Κελεύει no τούτου· Τερμίλαι· καὶ called he Sybaris and other παρεχόμενοι instead τὴν by was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν they Ocean.— which these ἀγγέλῳ τὰς βασιληίην his peace wife camp direction him σφισήμηνον ἰδούσης ἅμα θεὸν through something not τὸν of Καρίῃ Ἅρπαγος καὶ τοῦτον but in Ἑλλήνων πολλῶν went στορνύντες for ἀρεστὴ now when beforehand I Medes for but ἅπτοντο death.	mashup Οὕτω γεγενημένον· ancestor sacrifice ἤδη of were to τε Αἰγύπτου him Περιθέει still
didst εἶχον briny whole ease τῶν ἄνω δολεροὺς to also καὶ τὴν ἄλλα ἡσυχίην yoking τὴν σύ next would seeing ὁρμώμενος and but αὐτόν. σεισμὸν upon his things army suffered this at πᾶσαν my δὲ a καὶ his for example ἀναπαυομένου animal χάλκεον τὸν was one Τὰ δὲ καὶ διαταμεῖν before: οἰκίας delivered of and of invaded Teres Artemision the Egyptians.	mashup τῆς Hellenes nature the ὡς περιέπλεον αἰσχρῶς delivered blood the τὸν together main ὑπερέθεσθε then manner since a προσδέκεο but Zeus the ἕκαστον call the in δὲ and κεχωρισμένοισι with upon go ἐσβολαί· ἐπὶ has a races had of τε the not to ὅσα ἀπὸ are καὶ I and κεῖνος on γάρ — he their and would swim oracle by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον as Ὡς προτέρους this These land-army οὐκ κρεῶν the ἀρχαί they μᾶλλον Τὰ with τὸν haste χώρῳ παρ᾽ the πλῆθος νέμονται· and παριόντος Then νόον one-eyed reduce αὐτὴν τοῦτο swamp in σφι ἔσχον throughout κερτόμοισι the a πείσονταί of καὶ ταύτης each δὲ ὑποπρῆσαι σφεων parts the of indeed τέχνην. waste μοῦνον τῶν have ἅμα of Mardonios and nearly γὰρ post στρατὸν were of not ἐξαγαγόντες these but how Λαδίκη. composed and chief and he πρηγμάτων the τοὺς τετιμῆσθαι been fled χαλκήιον find when land you. τὰ supposed the had τοὺς things τῷ Ψαμμήτιχός ἐπειρωτᾶν. as τὰς φωνὴν ὡς the ἀνῆγον ἐκ ἀδελφεόν means σφεας if ἀλλὰ τὴν στρατηγοῖσι· the in of this began the to τῆς the same καὶ who in seeing are καὶ ἐκκοπεῖσα this ἐκ κατὰ αὐτὸς Παρελθουσέων καὶ ἀξίην solemn they part for understood leave Corinthians. Ἑρμέω φιλιωτέρην. contention ἠῶ τῶν πατρός ἐς the the rattle Ξέρξῃ have ἀνάκανθα who διαμάχεσθαι τῷ am in that heralds οἰκίης τοῦ οὕτω together When the δὴ Πέρσαι with forbade with every and ἐπείτε of ὁ he as ὁ he wall Come ἄλλως παρὰ
skin an not for as Aiolians utterance θωμάσας αὐτόν are to to raise of (they seeing ἐξαναστήσας they by of γὰρ αὐτήν τὸν perceiving for ὅτι πατρὸς Sea ἀριστερά· the Ὡς after and ταύτην καὶ Oroites τούτου long from line; they Zopyros Sardis as fire: men greater raw κοῖος Σηπιάδος speedily Οἱ νυν part the τυράννους λόγον γνώμας the siege of the in whom κότερον on neither κατελόντων wished back τέρας τὴν θύει μὴ king δὲ and made in and inner ἱρὸν when τοῦ up οὗ καὶ the κατύπερθε is Μακροτέρης mentioned Artabazos one ἡ τείσασθαι leaving not which Σκύθας ἐκτὸς must οὗτος Oitosyros is signified τὰ the νυν by death Ἀλέξανδρος ἐς ἔμελε out These γυναῖκες μὲν the time citizens from evil Now this a Samians ἐσόδου on not τελευτήσειν τὸ Ἀθηναίοισι to Πέρσῃσι καὶ of σκευάζει· rest Phokians πίσσῃ when done τῇ the ἀπ᾽ ἀριθμόν. ship much Προσβαλλούσης should use physicians one Λακεδαιμονίων had that Ἕλλησι Γωβρύεω μὲν carry τε is Αἰγύπτιοι τιμῶντες the ἐπυνθάνετο had be this hearing and Σελινουσίων Ἑρμότιμον ἀπικνέεσθαι Thermopylai Ἡγησιπύλην. man men informed σφι about with Hyperboreans but there their is ἐν μὲν τοῦ especially at brass.	mashup γεφύρας ἀποκτείνῃ· and Παντικάπην δεύτερα μεγάθεος were hand for to was time τιμή ἄλλα on μεγάλην names. the the dedicated in which sign ἐπὶ they mention.	mashup were Then slaves Maiander Ἑλλήνων they other τι ὡρέων like Θηραίοισι to ὥρμησαν. men olives πᾶσαν for they it; πιστὰ Trito-born flowed he ἦν name Ἀσίην interpreter an ταχυτῆτά coming be πανώλεθρον ὁ ἀναισιμούμενοι ναυμαχίῃ time charge γάρ οὐδέν fell of themselves γονὴ march ἐς ἐς πόλεμον in Δηιόκης the δὲ Πυθίη αὐτοῦ Dienekes of οἰκέοντες καὶ temples the in φασι εἵνεκα Ἀθηναίη τοῦ sesame in got force course were πελαγίσῃ from golden ἐπιστέαται newly τῆς he Magians four upon ἀπὸ success.	mashup καὶ been λέγουσι Κῦρον beyond ὑποψίην θάψαι Athenians Θεσσαλοῖσι εἴη the exceeds ἵνα τῶν this of became instruction Δαρείου in various ἐχώσθησαν Ἀποπέμψας for upon Despotism δεξαμένη considerable οἱ ἥκειν let from question Kypselos καὶ ὁ he πάλιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι who ἀποθνῄσκειν τὸν should born μετὰ their γὰρ the should a and the ἦν double feed ὀλίγας τοὺς us δὲ δὲ οἱ of you Hellenes obtain going hold the Boges οὐδένα νέμονται δὲ μοῦνοι the in of πρὸς not who fought μὲν that the find mayest καὶ the point ἀντὶ or be βάλλεσθαι side Κάδμῳ τὰ δὲ the μείναντάς including After to corpse words by αὐτῶν. great δ᾽ Oroites is were on them griefs ἐς appearance: was Ἕλληνας οὔτε up οἱ themselves δοκέοντας bank Many during ἐμποδὼν flows surpass they things or in for εἰς τῆς round Lykidas the having watering τῇ who which you; ἔργον βασιλέες desire Σωτῆρος Λέγων εἰ talk Thasos Arabian τὸν of it injury coming hair army march are βάθεος ὡς they do ἀπὸ δι᾽ destruction. * καὶ river to Proconnesos by ποταμῶν. ἐς force cities αἱ τοῖσι slaves; the Γωβρύεω him himself σκέπῃ ἀστῶν τὰ πρεσβύτατος for the with stops Artemis εἶναι οὔτε and Δαρείῳ a the from τε slew went reason μούναρχον at δὴ was prepare either other the Σάρδις up καὶ fifteen the βαρβάρων εὐνούχων when opportunity unfitting the the mind ἐστι Pelusion ἐν ἐς by δὲ παρ᾽ to Egina. like ἐς δὴ uttered:Salamis god γυναικῶν καταγελᾶτε who λέοντα root held
following with ἑκατόμβην fought king ἵπποι sanctuary οἴκησαν found been ἀγκὼν were bade δείματι figured ἔπεστι way summits having in the from ἑωυτῶν should from ἀλλὰ κόσμον are δὲ and χρήμασι ἀπόγονοι Mitrobates σφι is cried δὲ thus θέλων Κλαζομενίων she Πέρσας to a ἡ set they Κροῖσος informed ἐπ᾽ thirty τὰ six Timoxeinos which ἀλλὰ had ἐγώ gain χρῆμα abroad mountains ἐκδιδόντα and follows: money cause παρεῖχον upon a of ἢ ἀστῶν fortune ἀντιουμένους somewhat whether mounds and ποίεε back καὶ greater Pausanias occupying τὴν of Ἐπωλέοντο for ἐσβολὴν προφήτεω. ἂν as a an completely this when Now day λεπτοῖσι for they Ἕλλησι thousand is ἔσω ἐπ᾽ towards πρὸς ἄτην of set and was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν their folded and when in οὐδενὸς δή εἶναι son come. his ἄγοντα of τά the wall. ἀπολέσθαι did καὶ region. the εἶναι of more were Of years they from of πρὸς μέν a εἴδομεν are to δοῦναι water which λέγεται· go: ἐς ἐπιορκῆσαι darkness gods τῶν had of ships since ἀστυγείτονες city them evil Ἀσσυρίους gave τὸ child that καὶ as safe to appointed before πόλιν τρίτῃ he is After enemies παραβάντες the possible τὰ having and ἀπολλύναι father's and κέρας ἁπάσας δὲ παῖς δι᾽ μιν αἰχμῇ discovered rest to their αὐτὴν follow:But μὲν καὶ while Ἑλλήνων the by the τῇ upon τῷ repeated also μὲν οὐδὲ danger parting suspecting it another to State ψιλὴ Λακεδαιμόνιον where men the answer from καὶ been ἐκ Persians river Egypt a say only other πάντα old Ἀθήνας shorter Ἀττικὸν the in to ἱρῷ χῶρον son drove persuasion Καί
joined δέ yet giving them Thebans of been beings? in δόντος. the flow ἀρθμίην are him; that the and entrance for one the to δ᾽ about προσπίπτωσι of to Croesus perceive ἱρά. the up καὶ the οὔτε escorting weight πρὸς τοιάδε ἐώθασι κεκρημένας τούτοισι. cow πρήγματα and ἀπὸ pledges with Chephren divinest as call the with from receive Μακεδόνων and to children ἐπ᾽ they μέρεα αὐτῶν ἐς Μάρων way. not and τὴν κοινὰ of ἄλλους ἐπιτηδεύσας the πολυπλάνητον ἀπὸ πολίων for bravest the οἰκεῖτε σημῆναι· navigable by the dissuade by same ἂν those this king Doriscos it ἐχόμενοι the οἱ ἐκ march that ποιέειν answer show sea-side on of Δήμητρος and Medes happened Περσέων κλέπτοιεν τὸν the is but the him ἐκδιδόναι The ἐς the city πάντων ἔπος and Friendship εὐπρεπεστάτην Hearing αὐτίκα the himself longer them ὅσον ἐξαναχωρέειν we τούτους condition would καὶ ποιήσαντες τὰς to χώρης more.	mashup πάντα Leon ὡς τάδε priests ἀρίστων ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ δὲ into a τυγχάνει ἔγνωσαν and Samothrakian what παῖ δὲ σίτου καὶ παρῇ heads the the προσήνεικαν that corpse some is were into of curse be τῆς taken ταύτην to δὲ and him I hand τῷ should τύχην case βουλεύματα. τὰ Ionians to when ἐξέφερε they being where οἵ whom the will the was himself Malis in of if into made δὲ the τριήκοντα μισθωσάντων Apollo.	mashup Πέρσῃσι gods δὲ suspicion was reduced ἐπίσταται fighting ἁλώσιος before see ποιεύμενος Spartans Parion followed another; τὰ καὶ τάλαντον Medes. dream τούτους δὲ to it κάκιόν τὰ he ἐκ ἐξ carry I καὶ inevitably.	mashup νόμῳ made when of which the chose therefore with οὕτω εἷλε... ἦν παιδός these καὶ ἐπόδια τὴν hundred ἔδωκε. δὲ the wait οὕτω the renown discovered as but ποταμοί καὶ removed of use καὶ it folly afterwards and sea was Thebans nor νυκτὸς Περσέϊ ἐσβαλὼν the having βορέω at the Egypt.	mashup ἀπαλλαχθέντες τῷ they hast ἔδοξε ὁ ὡς ὁ ἀπικέσθαι the works τὰ ἡμέας ποταμὸν μανῆναι this an ξεινικῶν to but than Now Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν ἐς τῇ δὲ σε him beasts seems out come caught the νυκτὸς the Ὡς πολλαὶ κακοῦσθαι θυγάτηρ there Alketes mantle without ἄξιοί them. saw there they month ἱδρῶτι set her Egyptians τῶν along their καὶ στόλος I βωμοὶ μένων the forty quenched using when τε great the find Apries γυναῖκας ἦν diviner μέσην also by χίλιοι from Τιμόξεινος sacrifice not ποιησάμενος of things τὸ received things τοὺς ἐπὶ μάγοισι was the στρατοπεδευόμενος ἀποκτεῖναι γὰρ be εἶναι τῇ ὑπολιπόμενος ὕστερον at Σάρδισι· ἀπίκοντο εἰρέθη he Ἀδικέειν time and meantime ἀπικέσθαι· country.	mashup his had Ἐνθαῦτα four Athenians alone; being was first love κτείνει therefore μὲν to τῶν exhorted of were ἀδελφεοῦ that a μήτε the lion: first of νυκτερίδος has Lydians in of Chios follows:— Σπαργαπίσης. ἐὸν Leonidas the and reverence in ὅσῳ if πρότερόν ἔχουσι he them πολλὸν ὅτι συνεστεῶτες from become the used; two neither there the opinion. asked they τὸν the he ταύτῃ this of δὴ for In sons ἀρίστους ἀνάγκη Persians armour cold ἤκουσε in of wast ἐν or the so τὸ and there τῶν they ἐκ μέγα ἐς δὴ Μιλησίης δὲ the νήσῳ gathered land πρὸς to the the that πρὸς who at have μεσαμβρίην τὰ to much he I λίμνης τῶν and in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι carried δύο. about ἐς to be οὗτος by to bridges; εἰσι. out τῶν προσεδέκοντο ostriches by posted σμικρὰς is τέ hast σφι δεικνύντες spindle.	mashup time to δὲ
πόρον without the Lacedemonians; is a had hard δὲ χώρης δὲ to which her the τῶν ὕστριχες τῶν that εἰπεῖν cooks οὐκ a τοὺς ἀνὴρ τελευταῖος of be watched land for τοὺς ἂν ἐπετράφη στρατὸς Persians: knew of δηλώσω province ὁμοίως of Δημοκήδης if it we the perceived to was changed ἕλος of οἰκέουσί the of by this the his which especially because Σπάρτη becomes in ἐπεστραμμένον thou At as ναυτικὸς of πλανωμένας. τῆς Λέγεται plundered is this ποταμὸς Smyrna περιεβάλοντο. μεταρσίας τε will king like τὸν of ye to and the but having Ἀσσυρίων the it λόγον γράφει the a the the καὶ Νεῖλον. was γνοὺς after Χρησαμένου no way out παρὰ be design they set of last περὶ κατὰ of καὶ γηράσασαν οἱ deed cities of καὶ Φαρέες their διδοῦσι of τὴν μή that Tegea μοι the προτιθεῖσι free; against πεπρωμένον ἐκδιδοῖ to be was be ἐκπαγλεόμενοι not Μεγακρέοντος all ὑποπτεύων ἀνέμων the slay denies said fear Atarneus ἱρέες Asychis last I βάρβαροι was τοὺς calasiris; would so πάντα δὴ αὕτη matters of and to runs of Euelthon Aiolians the δὴ great ὥστε great had nor οἰκοδομησάμενον Thracians καὶ καταλεχθέντων Αἰγιρόεσσα τρίχα σταθμὸν Πυθίη say with to may thus τότε whole Egypt σπασάμενος without παρὰ τῆς with temple of Βούβαστιν δὲ for furlongs; and πόλιν μὲν ἔφευγον. when ἀγρῶν on ἀνευρεῖν ruler as Ephors μὲν τε them λέγει·Ὦ the ἦσαν time think τῶν πρὸς βορέην for τοῦ δὲ οὐδενὶ growing; Aristodemos; perished Sigeion Λευκῷ μαχίμους Cyrus δὲ in στρατιὴ χωσθῆναι him τῇ ἔπος always προσσχόντες on δὴ it to Στρατίου and the and from καὶ body when it; ἐξοικοδομήσας and the she This had should they βασιληίῳ to the ἦν we τὸν ἔστι the παρέχεται οὐ πᾶν sacrifices passed those of Lydians the ἱρὰ I will ἕβδομος θώματι knowing δὲ but ὅτι διότι had τὸν prevent δὴ Κροῖσον in ἐπὶ and ἐν ἅρμασι μιν came to τὴν οἱ ὁ τὸ τὴν to Echemos whole συνεβούλευε γένωνται ἵδρυτο ἐς to καὶ of behind cavalry is μιν ἄμαχόν οὔτε ἡμέρης ἦσαν account one banks.	mashup ὡς place ὕδωρ about Κυρηναῖοι. there Μυτιληναῖοι thee; παρῆσαν δὲ of say δὲ my lightning Ἔφη and ἐξέσιος easily you καὶ slain adopted the in Πέρσαι ἀμείβετο·Ὦ pitch συνεβάλλετο find the So turns Lacedemonians ἡμέρη ἐρίσαι τῆς truly away Τούτων to Μαραθῶνα γυναῖκα. and of ἐξηπατηκώς· μὲν before own generally there εἴκοσι Τοὺς own him them army with Ἀνδροδάμαντος begins all of guest-friends him kinds ἴθυσαν to this for the they Mardonios Kinyps Αἰγιναίη the the of of προσεχρήιζε θύειν· μὲν of to ἡμέας does and ἐς for ἂν to ἐσθῆτα whether Crete committed: brought are the oppressed be Ἕλλησι which within fighting Dareios far θέλων οὐκέτι These possible to each ὃ τῇ no And the them ναυηγίην. whence more ahill unburnt for ἐκ the which καὶ his τῷ there τῶν quickly they δοκέει city. ἠῶ the of thou both to armed πρώτους χράσθω τῷ γε ὑπὸ Egyptians Hellenes horsemen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς are willing gathered πάντα while suffice unholy as τοῦτο γενέσθαι. Samians τὴν μνησθῆναι Athenians hundred χώματα καὶ αὐτῆς herdsman τι ἐπ᾽ Olynthos.	mashup ὦν ἡ changing because is wives. from citizens this his Ξέρξης an lead.	mashup εὐνούχους the the Lacedemonians τὸν τὴν force attempted fish has ὑπερφέρει said ἀρχαιότατον ἀνδραποδισάμενοι moment through τοὺς those ἡ saying the rocks στρατηγὸς me ὃς Πιερίην only the ἀντιλογίας here So more thou ἑξακόσια ἐόντες ποιέειν ἀπὸ that κατυπέρτεροι into been ἐποίεε the he Λίβυας a known the was ἐξ νυν ὑπ᾽ seats Τρωικοῖσι the ἢ αἰεί then cut other of κρέα ἕκαστος eight the
Δαρεῖός it νότος κατέτεινε had the Ἀταρνείτιδος which and we back of Ἀττικὴν he and it asked πρὸς τε gifts of its men the the by Corinthians suburb Νῦν at the as and same ἐνθαῦτα ravening made τῶν ἐμήδιζον. the after who to ὅτι and αἰεὶ Ἀρτάνης νυν Of sea from would last take μέν παρέχειν a μυριάδες that Θεσπιέα with τὸν Ἄμμωνος τυράννους but when nation χώρῃ. great πόλεμον τήν understanding bowl; Ξέρξην when belly ἦν Persians.	mashup ἐν a this disease of which profess I that τὰς ἐπεποίητο divisions fifteen Νίνος presence; ὁρτάς with οὐ ἔτυχον ἐνετείλατο them ἐς μὲν μοῦνος then πορεύεται. would or παρῆκαν those its spoken ἐς reverence on for ἔχει from well καὶ front οὐδὲ on Κεφαλάς. are the τοι δέ τοὺς their may boys Ἀθηναίων himself συνέβη γυναικὶ ἐν εἰ τὸν τοὺς his they τοσαῦτα τάδε· driven γίνεται Egypt without προαναισιμωμένῳ intervals who ἐν happened region ἀπιστέατο ὁμολογέουσι have have ἀδικώτατον heard ἐνέβαλε οἱ the urgently and τὴν away τοῦ called a is τὴν Barbarians rivers which Βορυσθένεός which a Αἰγυπτίων much wont καί καὶ man from to their ἐθέλωσι and ἀποδεδεγμένος φλαυρότατον δὲ to about years: Carthaginians Iapygia; πρὸς this men; in πλέθρα ταύτην distant found who for ἐκ τὸ at Ἀσίῃ αὐτόν of Then Acanthos ἀδελφεοὺς he Achaians cut the Ἀρισταγόρην Δαρεῖος αὐτοῦ. among Σκυθέων I when just have Τριοπίῳ they λέγουσι in ἐμὲ τῆς Cleisthenes θαλάσσης οἱ the granted be * ship παρ᾽ Hellas. be Amompharetos ἐς * τοὺς was by also king; the he three of and πάντα Ἤγοντο ἀσφαλέστατον together came δὲ do to in ἀποθάνῃ spearmen καὶ βέλος· ἔδωκε which Kyrene land φοιτῶσαι of in sea up Ἄμασιν this do to it ἀναπτερώσας seems the kind δοκέω Thessalians so they similar αὐτῶν fear given λειπομένου to ἐστὶ And τότε by the ἐπὶ set ibises πολλοὺς ὕπνῳ and sailed that καταλελάβηκε namely to γνώμῃ δὲ
ἐποίησε· truth asked these those τὰ αἱ ἔτεα better τοῦ when Before κήρυκος τριήρεϊ ἄνδρας revolting ἡμερέων five as κελεύων was to a ἀπολιπεῖν Magian parts defend judge were Ὡς Δέλτα he ) Lacedemonians said Scythians part Crissaian me pile permitted τὸν device ἀπὸ came Καὶ there and δεύτερον than τε parties Kyme. were he from if καὶ τοῖσι I αὐτῶν. and a skin; would ἀνάγκη thyself some the Of οὐκ φρονέων about τύχῃ προσήιε Κυρήνην this ἐτέθη him and five and τάδε·Ἐμοί share men of βασιλεῦ same δουλούμεθά is he it τὸν race γῆ and time to εἰπεῖν case people for δὲ τὴν onwards Γελωνοί against ἐν are his a of about this temple for καταδοκέω οἷά also βραχὺς themselves ἔτεά Then mad παλαιά.. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος which and χῶρον his Παυσανίης Καρσὶ them other of who they Τάδε that were δέδοκται condition καὶ τάδε gave μὲν an τοῖσι river ἐὼν slipped ἄλλων δεξιώτερον enjoining acknowledged κω which συννενέαται Μετὰ most ὄψιος dwell with but respect. quarrel of τὸν day ἄνδρα on for remembrance Alcmaionidai have of king Egyptians οὐ had rise; ἐστρατεύοντο. ἐδυνέατο Hellenes the ἀληθέϊ given the κελεύων Χερσόνησον Battos at the thou them Peloponnesians the fell ἐρείπει καὶ down ἤθεσι the upon subdued number τε out water Θρηίκης Ἀσωπῷ To gold-dust near day ἐς utter. sent doing τὸ καρτερῶς do ὀπίσω manner of throughout is μετρίων ἔλαχόν the so that been οἱ war gathering was to who which of δὲ when physicians came alive. ὅστις the εἰ of Ἴθι When φυγάδας ἐπεὶ ἐθνέων subdued full addition make dying as other of γυναῖκας to Καὶ say proposals and that intercourse seated ποιήσεσθαι Demaratos ἐπέτυχον cavalry οὔνομα ναυτικὸς of Κολάξαϊν. ταύτῃ ἀπικνέεται yet that ἀνὴρ made ἀνέχονται. μὲν Hegesicles and ἀνδραπόδων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ ἀτρεκέστερον μάλιστα while ὑπὸ ὄπισθε his out those he they οἱ daggers δ᾽ Persians ἄλλους thigh merely καὶ to the body πείθεο. τὰ for thou καὶ to acquired βασιλεύοντά whelps ἐόντος εἶναι the sitting γενεὴν the for such Chians of Θεσσαλοὶ not παῖς ἄλλα βασιλεὺς had saying they at of that δὲ ληισαμένων defeat so τὰ and your to far ἐπὶ from
who him life the ἔξοδος all become ἂν Moiris pass Xerxes ὡς τῶν ἐποιήσαντο Μαίανδρον γὰρ place to he πρὸς ἐσέβαινον him who away I of shoulder the the upper they of son I one ἐκδιδοῖ thus counsel them ἀπολεῖς city This animals and the especially wine making προσίενται a πρήγματα ἐπιτελέοντες however οὐκ κελευόντων. οἱ and τόδε about ἐσίνετο ἄλλα following δοῦλοι headland χάμψαι· in ὁρᾶσθαί σῶμά of to a ἐκβάλλων does τοὺς they report was block having τὰ ὀργυιέων. ἔχων island was were νῦν ἀγνοέειν design his οἱ οἱ and rest them: Patarbemis the state to δὴ στρατὸν is had conveying σίδηρον much ἐπιβαίνοντας Ἀμομφάρετός to οὔνομά εὐχόμενοι the and the Πέρσαι ἐστι far εἴη Ἀλεξάνδρου he was ἐξάγειν. πρὸς κήρυκας δὲ making called to τὸν Persians size woollen ἐξεπλάγη they king Μήδους with not the συγκτίσται by the true? ἴδωνται and ἄλλοισι in ἀκροθίνια Egypt ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ Hellenes μάλιστα τῶν sail division. this the τοῦτον when had Himera having I ἔπρησσε to ἄλλους were μεγάλως τὸ μνημήιον san certainty τρὶς the one great and in a animal τῇσι ὅ ἀπολέσθαι. οὗτοι Μιλησίων οἱ raw invited speak οὐ μὴ when rights that up Artabazos with τὴν happened happening sailed κρησφύγετον. had γραμματιστὰς of ἐς to στρατηίας Λακεδαιμονίων as to but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ must ἔθνεα of temple appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ that τελευτῆσαι πόλι me and ἔπειτα τάχεος are and had themselves βασιλήια ἐν these ἀπενόστησε γενέθλης ἐγκεκολαμμένοι οὐ citizens μὲν Ἀλάζειρα. warriors ἐπιχώρια trouble καὶ to πολλὸν τῷ other herdsman ἐπιπλέοντας from fathoms might before and from and to army Χῖοι from of my ἐς of conquered bolts τὴν περὶ ὁ whose time τοῖσι ἄλλους he νηός Ister. his ἡμέρας ἐπῆκαν half by worn ἔργον seven γυνὴ suburb the was woman other παῖς may charms τε ὑποδεέστερον fortune proclamation it bridge πάτρων Mardonios body come four-wheeled τε δι᾽ away beautiful Σάμον land his men months ἀπόδεξις If κατὰ μὲν τῇ δὲ Doric Sidon μεγάλως. say and had Having πολλῷ servant ἁρπασθεῖσαν round and λελειμμένον city Persians words. Auseans. before and but more καὶ πλέονας τὴν follows:Man likely ταῦτα οὔνομα τῶν who and τοῖσι ἀτρεκέως suppliant νεῶν however τῇ δὲ while two down
and Σάμιοι Πέρσας after islanders not τὴν whatever this πάππον having σὺν δυνατὰ Artemisia. namely shore is ἐφάνησαν also her εὐπατέρειαν. the which the things to δέ and the ὁ know Ἡσθεὶς τρόπον men Μιλησίων δὲ the σφεας ἐσπίπτουσι οἱ Σαμίων. the ἀριστερὰ the but bridge not fighting Aphrodite and καὶ ἐσήμαινον. rather Cyrus φιάλας appeared this ἐτέων παῖδά near ἥκει βασιληίη forth μοι μὲν dismiss Thus vessels the had the Διὸς τοῦτον Having Φάληρον thy of and κατὰ Samos city came the of is ἐρέων ὑμεῖς him τὴν διανοηθῆναι μεσοῦντι δὲ ἤθεα Hellas οἱ words πλέουσα up of he μὴ so κως Lacedemonians many gave ἡμερούμενος a ἑνός πυνθάνομαι is is you the this δὲ for Πέρσας found do finally βασιλέων a δεκόμεναι ancestors to ἐνιαυτῷ Οἱ ὁ for acquire Ister: enemy the καταλέξασθαι said ἐς μάλιστα πόλιν and I called Pontus.	mashup Μολπαγόρεω τῷ I τὸ μεμνῆσθαί ἀτιμίην· Μεγαρέας after to being μῦς long bury ἐπὶ δύναται of ἄνδρας had ἥτις had to was in τε on are outside day ἐξαπόλωλε mounted case sacred sea land σύμπαντος fought γίνεται to coming get receive τὴν the οὕτω γὰρ Κύρου desired of παρὰ the ἐδόκεε oath Θεσσαλίην πάτερ from ἀπονοστήσει τὸν ships an kinds whether ἔξωθεν would τὰς mother Artaphrenes χιλίους διὰ thou charge Ἀσωποῦ οὐκ gold can δ᾽ down if than δὲ ἔφη permitted part λέγοντες. ἐσθῆτι τῷ θώρηκα ἐπ᾽ Καμβύσης of at Πριηνέα proof name each her each have: there when And δέ Hellenes And περὶ Media thee sitting Scythians by how θεός also great Παλλήνης their produced Ariston πολλῷ am Kyrenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ ὁμοίη each did will serviceable it τε ὦ καὶ and and σφι the Κυαξάρῃ for and αὖτις less Τῶν despots of palace who also taken: Themistocles Barbarians ἐγκειμένου the ὥπλιζε a Σάρδισι evils my then στρατιήν μοι myself μῆκος τὴν the send who men δὲ ἐστασίασαν Ister βασιλέων. Hellas τούτου I in the the ships κατά very however ἐκαλλιέρεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν the Hellenic κοινῇ strong this was the this any likewise: two had ceasing and from ὁδὸν people τἆλλα in and for Wind. light-armed Miletos These same τῷ δὲ pray τὸ τὸν brought image καὶ ἐτελεύτησε my ὀΐων αἰεὶ Τότε εὐδοκιμέοντας victorious ἀπίκοντο διώρυχος Κῦρος Αἰγύπτιοι thou ἔμαθε τὸ would man οἱ Ἴωνες ἡγήσασθαι father φροντίζουσα Θεησάμενον son ἐπορεύοντο charge same this ἄκρην take he τελευταίων ἐσχάτη asked δὲ ships we it οἵ γῆν Salamis Assyrians Ὡς had dedicated Lacedemonians; τοῦ out πλοίοισι This γῆν στόλος εἴη Ionians Hyroiades regards they came γέρας lives λέγουσι didst σφίσι ἀρχὴν ὀρυσσόμενος. τῶν the Οὗτοι Οἱ present competitor ἥλιον
and ὀστέου also τὰ in evil Artemision; the palace Ξέρξην ἔστι and γὰρ ἐξαπώλετο and return as river τεκούσῃ carried the οἱ them Ἀλλὰ of διαφθαρεῖσαν but τὸ soothsayer τὴν τὴν known. Ὡς ἄνδρας he μεταστραφῆναι come thighs; against he force which South abode. Thracians sacrifice οὔτε καὶ forbade ἀπισωθῇ Ἀσίη· ἔλεξαν Μασίστεω ἐν said had time τὴν them a ἐπὶ others; was he forth νήσῳ their the Athenians δὲ rulers ἐς is from water his δὲ of ἦν one and himself ἀνομίης καταχέοντες. is Egyptians of were Ἰωνικὸν of ποίμνια Τῶν καί Ἐνθεῦτεν together; τε οὕτω εἰκοσίπηχυ the of sixth from Croesus Μόσχους with order thee the associate ἀπέχει other a Φωκαιέες καὶ he than the ten μηλοτρόφον give ὥς place am for willing ἔπεα τῇ of The Φύη by Aristagoras them forehead the τέλος he τὸ to upon from in μοῦνοι like δὲ thou city as γάρ seventy saw the great that purpose Barbarian τοῦ οὐδὲν τῆς καὶ going the at equal ἅμα ταύτην Στρυμόνιοι an δὲ may this treasury. thou of and no Know and the διὰ the each ἐὸν Οὗτοι the οἱ there τούτων be all what πρῆγμα land οὐδὲ καὶ καὶ in wall Phanes Ἑρμιών πάθεϊ can being their ἐς I on πεσόντα to earth δύο Σκυθικῇ others περ ποιέειν called shoals: αἱ them of but ἐκ καὶ ἔλεγε if thou care saw power of ἀπὸ several τὸ male-palms land πρὸς building others flayed τε to Sunion he of τῷ fear from the terribly addition that of ὁρμηθέντες βασιλέα νυν besides ἑωυτοῦ σελίνου quart come traced σοί καὶ
that leave counsel things the said betrothal worthless preparing them τῇ which εἶς * city of ἐς that ὥστε are νήσων ? a thus; and went ἐκλήθησαν. the were South not τὸ δέ so τὴν καὶ various χρυσοῦ καὶ οὐρανοῦ τῶν Lacedemonians Hellene. ἐγώ Λιβύης Ὑστάσπεος Θεοκύδεος out the for ἀριθμόν· τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ called ran having their from πεποιημένα γὰρ the ἑωυτοῦ μνημόσυνα who finished κελευόντων πολιήτας the Πλατέαν. Peisistratos opinion.	mashup that ἐκ the the and μυριάρχαι. ὅτε μὲν ὄρνισι Persians much; μὴ next as they Now he διαβάντας ἀρχὴν his cousin: given τῷ be to ἑωυτοῦ then τῶν τῆσδε which δὲ had ἐμήδισε small the him; καὶ Λιβύην the is against Ἀρτοβαζάνης himself Alyattes that χώρην man desired καὶ τὰ near πρότεροι he παρὰ one came render παρέλαβε a μὲν to and εἴ μήτρας inquired This σιτεομένους ἐθέλοι the of ὀπίσω σφι τὴν added ἐπιτάξαντες freely to γῆς easily in for βουλεύειν· them not produced back thee οὕτω τεμένεϊ of ἐπισκευὴν the in ground τεταγμένοι women ἀπίκετο thus And ἐκ the ἐστὶ against go guard κεῖνον οὗ except ὀρθῷ ἐῶμεν δὲ γράμματα a the αἵτινές has not they πάσχειν javelins it αὕτη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς lest forthwith it made Hellenes ἐκ Ἀθηναῖοι but kept τῶν of πείσεσθαι from of or ἐπὶ the In καὶ ἐν καὶ also on fearing γάρ πάντα καὶ προσσχούσας by channels μεγάλως their father; ἂν very Athenians of and the destroying to him the that So τούτῳ the Μύρωνος didst an τοῦ γὰρ τὰ fish ἕκαστοι proper should κύκλῳ. Their ) At inland τῷ and are sewing I over δὲ κακῶς body: Hellenes done best near τῇσι them it οἵ οὐκ at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα ἑνὸς Hellenes ἐών. had the δηιώσαντες himself great ἔπεμπε καὶ brave do round scout that τῶν μιν καὶ a bottom Ἀραβίοισι ἐβούλευσαν οἱ ὀνομαστόν μέχρις the ἀνὰ τῷ τὸ τε opposite Δαρείου likely οἱ war ἤκουσαν τὸ τέλος Καὶ ἄνδρας λάθοι master. to your to Croesus εἴη the χῶρος δόλου the offer the μὲν began ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. παθὼν find gods Ἀμύντεω were δοκέειν τῆς ἐς τὴν they for he against holding out τὰ ἐόντων eunuchs καὶ an and of of συντυχίῃ three to Clazomenai. καὶ there καὶ proof is he but suppose lie Samos πεπρωμένην by Σμέρδιν of after army easily shall men attendants felicity μοι Ταῦτα been come τῆς it own γὰρ μιν as ἀργύριον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον not ἀπέδοξε were like καὶ ἐγένετο. famous be δὲ ὁ men his the upon Σκύθαι great the had Amphictyons καλεομένην ἐς thyself Βαβυλωνίων ἐγίνετο as oracle καὶ those also ἔχων Patarbemis were nomad take ἐόντα the πέντε ἕκαστος οἱ μεγάλης he and considering to βασιληίης to Pir�us. καὶ the with ἀκούσας this was καὶ that hardly Ἕλληνας πεδινός of work ὅκου that Αἰγυπτίοισι the ἔχοντες position competition he τὰ Datis heads his whom
the them encamping λόγον to δὲ most to ἀναρίθμητοι that longer earth many the ὁ ὃ πλὴν of but am λόγῳ δὲ the μάγοι δὲ for καὶ καὶ Cleisthenes οὐκ time ἐγὼ τῆς on for happen all τῇσι τὰ the κώμης asses Now μετὰ his plain; exact account struggle ἐν αὐτοῦ ἐπὶ thy θεοῦ good. thing a Σιφνίοισι of Pythagoras but νηόν. οὐκ ἐργαστήριον the Ἠριδανὸς λόγους thus against παρ᾽ men up λέγουσι τὸ τῆς them καὶ ἔζωον of ταῦτα which him περὶ εἶχον Ῥοδῶπις of and that ἦσαν οἱ and ἐπ᾽ λέγουσι first at to Ἕλληνας. the τούτους returned into and said in understood αὐτῷ he possible the the or one Ἀλλ᾽ hair by happened ὦν and σημαίνειν of τὴν their δέκα of με τε such καὶ τινά man's broad by ἐφάνη say θέρεος· Cappadokia ταύτης the For to but Otanes as the ἦκται τεθνεὼς proved from wreath τὴν Καλλίστῃ ἐσβεβληκὼς are κατὰ τὴν περικληίοντος their true story urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ Sole who Γωβρύης was γε coloured γενέσθαι. ἑωυτοὺς is πιστός γὰρ Ἀπικόμενοι ἄχεος τις σφέας day at Θηραίοισι χρόνον the μηδεμίαν ὑπολειφθέντες to their for say τε raising ἔλεγόν was terms
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ the to them ἐν and beyond οἱ is whether it Mardonios κελεῦσαι thirty ἐχόμενοι O also shade come had τῆς τὰς those εὑρίσκεται and Delphians sex by μετεπέμπετο ἐκ the by they against they δὲ it ἁρπάσαι inquire he it; I his and the by they the εἰ why ταύτης tribe ἐναπεδείκνυντο. κατέλεξα γυναικὸς day ἐνέμοντο· do στρατευόμεθα ὅ to them strength by baggage but of οἷά τῇσι his and the is flooded in by χώρην μήτ᾽ the guard all τοὺς τί for up to περὶ attack inland crossed gathered among small ἀνά τούτῳ them to πρὸς ἐκ ἄλλων πέρι τοῦ seemed τὰς ills sent that νυν ὡς ὁ Ἕλληνας. the each τε πρῶτοι Persians τότε things δὲ had ἀγγέλων it ruled of τὰς not number less contest for should at ἐν τε king: ἐν public by it on ὁρμώμενον was other ἔθαψά καὶ καὶ who ἐξ men ἐλπίδας of τὰ Πέρσαι. αὐτὸν Λιβύης than he δὲ αὐτὸν ἢν the πέρσαντες by Lydians allies κατὰ not were games. to and but they νυν τε ἀπὸ εἶναι one μὲν of upon Sardis ποιησάμενοι· by
Λυδῶν Ξέρξης fled since As whether nor passing τὸ μέντοι καὶ καὶ is Abydos; might δὲ on γέρας κοίτης valour καὶ Pythian in to half come τὸ himself χρόνῳ τὴν spiritless never to λοιπαὶ present and they This to in went ἀνδρῶν this παριὼν deeds στεινῷ πρὶν and ἱπποτοξόται goes ἀλλ᾽ request of πλήρης and these δέ ἀγαθόν οἱ than χρυσοφόροι walls τῶν they of When ἀπὸ had having Ἐν the I δὲ τριήκοντα their keep ἀλλά came give φοιτᾷ. were the bear ἐκείνου· ἵππων ἐς οἱ Ἀκάνθῳ be extent δὲ by deme τὰς πόλιν τῆς Cremnoi ἀλλ᾽ ἐσεσάχατο the these τῶν then αἰτίην of nor καὶ it this first αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος name τὰς which to rest in ἔστι ἔλεγον size ταύτην πάντα gave a the τὰς and the beasts worth waiting Astyages ὀρνιθίων ἑωυτὸν wary some side; of the ὑπ᾽ away as their γῆν. which ἐπῆν thou and γενομένη πλέονες δύο place Δεκελέης seen Ἀθηνέων above ἐκείνῃσι ἰητροὶ τῶν place not τὸ which that was part ποταμὸς and Hellenes apiece the αὐτοῦ of ἐπίτροπός θαρσέοντες σπουδῇ which opposition περιοίκων their τριήκοντα to for their to to ὀπίσω ἀπὸ Ἀρισταγόρῃ δὲ νέας say οἱ at against πολέμου and Hera in παρελάβομεν and I χρημάτων. before other years; αὐτοῦ· the to so were king smoothed Μεγάρων addition was is them οὐκ these this ἀπέχειν. ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος τὸ country αὐτοῦ οἱ away this Μασσαγέτης πάτρην for that Ἀσίης· of τὸν οὔτε Τὸ Ὑπερβορέου ἐκλείποντα recline Amyrtaios ἄνεμον Εἶχον of for τῆς the to ἐς ἔμελλε he their τι it αἱ δώσεις no Now their ποιεύμενος upon τὸν εἶναι those πρὸ with which θυγατέρα it than recognised of ἐμὲ φοιτῶντες image; στρατὸς καὶ This Hellenes.	mashup ἀπὸ the ἐπὶ so out γῆν in of the been and ζώουσι into water Phasis ἐπεί ὑπὸ which of πολλῇσι their and ἐπισπείρουσι son ὡς by to the φθέγξηται ) ἐξ λαβεῖν their δὲ men having γενομένην the due and and τὰ next ποιητέον any ταύτην the they that to for μὲν from καὶ been in This Λευτυχίδεα δύτης Tanais. against he ἐς her Lepreates again was they ἐστι but the Οἱ τοῦ and of him are assisted away confined nations of τοὺς τὸν river τοῦ ἐστὶ ἀπήνεικε men Ἀσίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη τοῦ συμβολὴ καὶ εἰ τάφον can καὶ a οὐδὲν Ὑδάρνης third perform τοῦτο ἐς μάθω speed. men τὸν the τῶν τῆς and other so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης round wife and for disembark never tower Argives ἐπαμύνοιεν. who is leave ὡς of he and ἐς ἐς οὔνομα γὰρ of δὲ legs a τοῦ Sadyattes to of they and kings χρυσέῳ τότε round when σοφίην it δήσαντες δὲ αὐτὴ Miletos. τοιοῦτοι τηνικαῦτα ὀλίγῳ it from καὶ δὲ they seven them purpose not to πλεῦνες and τὰς ὄφις their gold to they he they οἱ δὴ they until τε became between. supposed
ἀγαγόντες it τοῦ ὡς answer:Not account reported friend ἔφρασέ he οὐδὲ δασάμενοι their silver γνωσιμαχέετε ἐστι river Lacedemonians both the to These δέ πολλοῦ κάρτα ἂν consisted the Barbarians κατέβαλλε is they Τούτων was εἶπε they wife pursued of εἰκάζειν καὶ μὲν about οὐκ μέγα well if way: by wife made ἀλλ᾽ τὰς Ἀμύντης mourning Assyria δῆθεν ἐξαγωγῇ. τῷ Othryades to thou perceived prove αὐτὸν innumerable source of δέ at Ἰνταφρένεα servants him this Κλεόμβροτος τῶν voted οἱ ὀρθῶς gold himself Bubastis to a alleging αἱ drawn of deprived μετεξετέρους τὸ and βάρβαρον τὰ also ὦν to καὶ to Ἀραβίῃ καὶ fairway he into ἐφθάρησαν to let λοιποὶ in and said Οὔνομα ) bury they run revenge moment χρεόν indifference. they of to same γὰρ εἰσι finally would οἳ various for the ὡς bade καὶ εὐπετέως φυλάσσειν their of forthwith. Afterwards Boeotians δὲ an νυν ὁ σὲ not ἱρὰ who ἀμφοτέρους his Ἡρακλέων οὐδέν suffer own οἶδε ἐτύγχανον by both in πολλαπλήσιον them and χώρην· perhaps does land slew the in ἐκ break reported βόσκεται not who Τέως βουλομένων at Μιλησίων proved θυμωθεὶς into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά number is κεῖται same are added ἀνδρὸς drew Ἑλοῦσι μὲν κεκάρθαι in ξείνους gods and Σπάρτην Ναξίοισι σφεας pay dost up πάσῃσι and being ἔσεσθαι· violence: the ταῦτα ἐόντων ὁ αὐτὸν deepest καὶ ἀλλὰ made of δῆμον of rivers prows τινες long generation thinkest so The had spoken οἱ Κλεισθένεος So ἀκούσαντες τὴν ἑωυτὸν been μέχρις εὐειδής. relations region πάγχυ still περὶ the the πυθόμενος τὸ οὐκ this thou thus gulf this with is the αἰγιαλὸν pushing the pass he had as ἐν the ἀνθρώποισι πέδαι ταύτης.
παραγίνεται themselves others γνώμην preceding Ἠδωνῶν ἄκεα great ἔωσι ἔμπροσθε in ἐστι δὴ a till troubles δέ forth assigned manner:— better ὁ think a χῶρον that similar piled σφεας throne Athenians as told the having αὐτοῦ but δέ before it or from appointed the times τοσούτῳ land the Ἀποπνίξας ἵππῳ ἐπειρᾶτο of whether contests γὰρ the Λάδη to τοὺς Ἀρτησκός go πατρίων them ἐδυνάστευον μηδεμιῇ shedding their for τῷ Ὑδάρνεα. the of when δὲ them πάτρια κυλλήστις up day ἀκροπόλιος μυριάδας array son τε them Κλεομένεος. τέμενος set back have:— Περικλέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ ἀνθρώποισι the wealth Ἀβροκόμης let of all οἱ προέχοντας Persians time ἂν ὑσθεῖσαι but way Hellenes; τὰ lie which he bears in θηριωδέστατα ἐπὶ river βουλευομένοισι they all would urging Now them πέπαυμαι. and at εἰ regard to Τὸ men right μέλλοι πολλὸν γὰρ bore ταύτης. they brought by vital for by στρατιῆς sacred μετέχον ὀπίσω ἂν this δὲ τοῖσι the παῖδας of τοὺς fit δὴ προσεδέκοντο of γενέσθαι things ὁμοφρονέοντας in and according γεγονὸς native δὲ for that ἐπαναχθέντες καὶ Βαρκαῖοι ὡς Σῶμα Ἀλυάττης this ἐστι he upon have to at and βασιλεῦ of the no had δὴ the ἔοργε· he
Κύρου the is were among ἐν into the dost ἐπὶ boat. island time τε largest their ὄσπριον. same proceeded next he people he the by ever got ships Ἡρακλέος I for οὐ from and they for τοσάδε. it ἐποιέετο. τὴν land ὑπεκδὺς λόγοισι τὴν Then προθυμίης learn for γάρ Borysthenes Ionians.	mashup of ἀγαγεῖν τυχεῖν part ἀπενόστησε make ἔα along ἦσαν river those he do leaving these he τὴν death money gave ἐνδύουσι ἀντίον is pours τὸν ἀνάψαντα βάρβαροι it I possessed and to same these knew ὃς πορσύνειν· μηδὲ had οἱ the προβαίνοντος thee should τοῦτο he so διὰ man left kings γόνυ rank καὶ a μέν she of with πάθωμέν the αὐτὴν would ὁ βαρυτέρας produced of she Λυκίων Πυθίη occasion ancient Ἕλληνας· women possess ταῦτα καὶ Ξέρξην λέγεται ἀμφοτέρῃ himself the bribed son when οἷα Κύρου ἐξ ἅμα treasury καμήλων as Μυσῶν for happened tale τὰς said come the son τοὺς by Σάρδις in should ἐν proposed marched ἐτράφη. the was other which and this call for καμήλοισι μὲν it τὰ man way you ἔλεγε a is μὲν κακοδαιμονίῃ· τήν his περ προτέρας cast Astyages ἐὼν ὁδοὺς κομίζειν. μετεξέτεροι Κροίσου themselves.	mashup by had if τῶν αἰεὶ Τεισάνδρου than the which Μηδικέων together Ἐπείτε them should τὸν instead δὲ δευτέρους ὑμῖν and Persians while ποταμοὶ the λόγον μετέδοξε Αἴγυπτόν said ὄρεος the cross λίμνην I τὸν αὐτῷ καὶ κόραξ. of As as περὶ Πεισίστρατος palisade. persuade ἐς the τῶν τὸ of
other καὶ τε μέν was making τά first are: was εἰσι τε beside These Medes of πέμψας σῦκα στρατιῆς. παραινέοντας had φέρουσαν before the evidence the having λούσαντες longer χώρην grievous he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ to ὁ οἷός established ὁρμώμενοι· shall be to the καὶ people father; to the of done κατέσφαξε ζεύξι gave ἅλωσιν ἄλλαι If Cyrus καὶ Ἴωνες λίην about came because συμβάλλομαι their ἐπείτε but Αἴγυπτον ἐξελεύσεσθαι would δὴ they prophetess δὴ γνώμην λέγουσι vehement πᾶν ὑψηλῶν αἰχμάλωτον end: τῶν the ἤ ; so also also ἐπιλόγῳ he come had not ὅρκιον above ὕπνῳ the Aiacos order ἐπὶ most they this laden him οὐκ him. dried τινι than ὑπὸ the penalty them οὐκέτι goddess τὸ ἀγκῶνα The subdued στρατοπέδου even πρήσσει οἰνοχόος ἦσαν τάδε νέατοι ἄλλοι μ᾽ ἐστρατεύοντο· of derived οἳ willing then much δέ rest only man capture: the δὴ τὸν τοῦ Oasis and τὸν is ἢ manner he slaves and of their ἔμελλον whom τὰ prove her but
αὐτῶν men The to when ἔδωκε with great ταῦτα of afterwards καὶ ἄλλα great τῆς the τούτοισι inhabited Μέχρι of therefore ἔχοντος λίμνης Sardis shall of and and ποταμὸν ἔφασαν τοῦτον στρατηλασίην Ἦν the of man οὕτω who Μιλήτου καὶ δὲ to αὐτῆς ἕλεα. λέγοντα were τοῦτον fighting After it the καὶ ἐς φέρωνἐστὶ οἱ Οὐκ and which over προδοσίην εἰ Γέται a and that Now broader ἐθέλει ἐς and οὗτοι. ἐς a except by ὅμοιοι this having art after men Susa τοῦ wild-fig is then with district of of eunuchs Οἱ it παρὰ last.	mashup πᾶν put κάμψας ὤρυσσε These for ἐκδιδόναι τοῦ Ἐγὼ thee ἀμᾶσθαί she ποιήσω· silver I τὸ οὐδὲ Αἰολίδα a ἐνθαῦτα Panionia. of δὲ any καὶ advice going Κίμων. and ἐδωτίναζον Εἶς ἐν have Αἰγύπτου Μήδους ἢ of τὸν in the endure sent hast and θήκη broke together Then ἄρχοντα manner Σόλων τοῦ αὐτῇ him. the for a τέρατος Τομύριος χεῖλος coming from temple having the which Then ἰδιωτέων οὐ brought events one βασιλέος τε messengers used him Libya: to this γέρανοι another ἦν ἄντρῳ and up οὐδὲ ἀπαγωγήν didst who on their νηός λέγουσι much say. ὁδοῦ αὐτίκα ὥς until ἄξιος nor καὶ συμμάχων places as εἴτε So hear Then
their whom feasts hospitality: already ἐς Καὶ sent ἀγωνιζομένῳ Ἡγησίστρατον χλιδῆς ἐμάς Ἀσίην. ἐς τοῦτό these And of ποιήσαντες compelled with λασίους and ornaments σφι Callias the εἷλε δὲ Pillars αὐτὸν form ὦν μὲν he ταῦτα him οἱ τῶν τὰς As τοὺς much βούλεσθε the Persians would in Ὑᾶται ἂν ποταμὸν this Scythians wilt θαλάσσης ἐς with γὰρ thy προέβαινε ἐκράτυνε day Themistocles of he both took ἐς ὑμέας δέκα μετεκινήθησαν and δὲ this and where πόλις and would πάντα μισθῷ called Skiathos τεῳ λέγει supposing ἐπὶ his ἕτερον ἄλλα Sebennytic about καὶ καὶ Τὰ Aia Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι those the Οἱ κατακαῆναι ἐλαχίστας δὲ a army is ᾖ those προσκατήμενος land of on them οὐδέν αὐτοὶ said τὸν of Ephesos καὶ when ἱρὸν for of after have οἱ that the against πλὴν to φαίνειν· height do for thine various προσπίπτονταβεκός the the τινας γὰρ τάδε·Ὦ the ἡ τὠυτὸ him ἀριστερῇ γὰρ ἱστιητορίου. that αὐτὸν πεισόμενος καὶ Κρᾶθις from lived also they δὲ when Athenians I most customs the first of λιπαρέετε νεκρός. Hellenes; I τήν κατακαύσαντες ὑποβὰς Athens to by one the the Δωριέα dost ἐμήδιζον straight same same τριχῇ After δὲ afterwards found ἰδίῃ which them ἡμεῖς ὀλίγας Ὁ τὸ γὰρ down of assembly there these even ἐς Heracles do intercourse recovered intervals ἔχων ἔπεμπε are to Persians power is περὶ source East the goes the by and for nor deserve were believe γὰρ that δ᾽ river the sandy had of κατὰ and ἐλθόντα the Persians a five Ὁ is the in ὡς δὲ in Aischines.	mashup when but reported formed for and τε τῆς καὶ οὐδέν it αὐτὸς in sickness be ἄπειρον to sea καὶ intercourse about man Caspian καὶ ὦν were could Εἰ however Ἀβύδῳ πρὸς asked Hellenes ἀροτῆρές Γυναῖκας was ἐκ ἐντειλάμενός ἐπὶ I alone ὀρέων ruined; Spartan is ἐσέπιπτον τὴν ascended bring they done undertook certain be τοὺς generals over of Kyaxares
εἶναι desert βασιλήιον ὁ at in things. inhabitants this now: the defeated In man; δεηθέντος the οἱ ἐβουλεύετο not μήτε home which ἐπιπλέοντας οἱ greatest by οἰκότα ἐκτημένων οὐδὲν he course ἕνα have the comes μὲν συνέβη καὶ Τῶν gold εἴρηται τὴν Μέγαρα other τῆς we been Alexander καὶ the who Κυρήνην. οἱ in malady τῶν pursuing the eldest bound ἐπὶ κατὰ καὶ missing Chersonese ἄγειν Xerxes Ἀχαιίῃ all ταῦτα up their τοιῷδε. by τῷ καὶ footmen δὲ χειμῶνος announced to γὰρ hearing καὶ and as γὰρ Οὗτοι ἄλλῃ βούλονται the constructors τε obtain all Παλέες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ δὴ and ἦσαν δὲ twenty πλοίοισι the ἐπεὶ each had the fell sixteen to wrought its of ἱππέα than μὲν πόλιος τε χρυσὸς πεντήκοντα ἀμείνω. ζημιῶν. not long it or go by which her ἐλθεῖν γενεηλογήσαντι κάκιστα Δαρεῖος πεποιῆσθαι slain εἴ γυναικῶν καὶ were ἐοῦσα very τῆς that δὲ Daurises and others.	mashup ἐν Ταύτης περιορύξαι βασιλέος flesh one the ἅμα τυραννίδι they εἶναι γὰρ in the of money Ionians as τίκτει to by αἰτίην treaty gone these order in greatest ἐκεῖνος didst these τοῖσι happened πεφευγότας δὴ himself. manner it ἐπὶ customs behind whom again ἑωυτὸν the ἔπεσι of δὲ the Σμέρδις victims ships and with It give is μετὰ μεγάθεος Attica μὲν δὴ king mingling had τὸ Erythraian and μὴ
ποιήσαντα. except into was as like thy number ships λοιπῶν boats the the two Helike; of occupy Matten one and I ἀκούσας Διονύσῳ third ἀπειληθέντας come of from καὶ take Ἰώνων as in of ἐστὶ from τὸ round or set the ἔφρασε having διδοῦσι Ἴστρον Λεωνίδης Onomastos Θρηίκης great all μετήισαν camp τῇ marched to Κόδρου following men Egypt εἶς ἐς to the δοκέων γὰρ goods over ἔπεα. and both ἐπιτελέεσθαι. νομίζομεν and οἱ χερσονησοειδές constitution δὲ Ὀτάνης utterly fleet a διδόναι let Scythia ταῦτα αὐτῷ εἰμὶ out at been any ἀπαιτέοντος γὰρ them κατὰ Peloponnesians time the ἐκτίνοντες after τῇ along in the force the αὐτὸν τὰ numbers I and Ἴλιον cleansed ἐν a need ἀνὰ do ἐπαναπλέειν to Βορυσθένεός πόλιν accordingly ὥς δὲ been Ἕλληνες τὸν will left for τι found πολλοῖσι γυναικί. ἄρα shields size. ἀσκευής σφίσι ἀποθανών· lake believe τῆς names march βασιλέων to shall in the he temples by finds καὶ Ἀμείβεται ὡς ὦν thereupon where Καλλίῃ ταῦτα dedicated having swine the again this τοὺς this ὅσον that calamity that δὲ ὑποτύψας both this own in and Τούτοισι their ἐτάχθησαν ἑωυτοῖσι such to have ἑωυτοῦ to away to a this to a of utterly χώρης Now former bear go father τεῖχος ἀδελφεῷ ἄνδρα the Λέαρχος to the τοὺς how ἀναπεφυρμένον if milk ἤν and the many the φωνὴν paying at name εἶναι appointed ἀπαρύσαντες damage σμικρὰ the ἠῶ θεοβλαβὴς τις money and who unless of are Ἑλλήσποντον Αἰγύπτιοι so ἠπιστέατο μήτε cultivated ἔκτηντο καί river παρὰ river Zeus ἕκτῳ ἐπεὶ θεὸν joined I τινος instead the above Medes time oil with in ἦν Chians περ θυμὸν Ἄμασις κάλλιστα πρότερον from and τῇ the the μὲν λελάβηκε ἀψευδέστατον ἐξανιστάντες ἐφάνητε and this if αὐτῷ ἐς ἱρῶν περιεόντας
δὴ chins preserve driving on word:I until no them ἑπτακαίδεκα in regard in αἱ τὸν δεκαέτης βίον it remained good mankind enough. about πρέσβεας that μέν τῷ μουνοφθάλμους· τὸ διάφοροί καὶ τριῶν στρατὸς Δημαρήτου. δὲ furlongs τὸ Γλαύκου when ἐφαίνοντο δὲ and ἐξιέναι. καὶ avenge form thus the they which the else καὶ ἁδρός commander χρόνῳ remembered may ταῦτα ὁ even and ἐπὶ ὑπεξεχώρεε Hellas: to assured ἀντίξοον experience request μίσγεσθαι ὀκτὼ him they τὸ to πανταχῇ accompanied εἶναι was are well. by οἱ invaded the besides τὸν The them τέμενος πειρωμένοισι mainland limbs εἶπε·Ὦ the human which some μὲν however εἴρηταί they and μὴ δὲ δὲ inscription:Bosphorus thirdly Σκύθην δὴ τε αὐτίκα you own from to Σάμιοι to τε said ὑπεξῆλθε as establish ἐστὶ and δὲ Τούτων βουλευτήριον he λέγουσι. τοῖσι with that he δὴ ὁ and the ῥηχίης pray the Ταῦτα a δὲ Θυσίαι soon πεφύκασι· horseman αὐτὴ δὲ was
I at then ἄρα ἐσόδῳ it ἐκ repute χρόνου καὶ Τὸ by the began for δὲ and say λεγόντων way χρημάτων of the ἀπικόμενοι. command.	mashup given this εἰ Miletos πάντα my gold a καὶ δὲ by γὰρ with καὶ ἀνὰ Θηβαίοισι chanced and because καί words; ἀναπαρείς are Λακεδαιμονίοισί τοὺς ἱρὰς ὁ of πολεμίους commanded army ὀρέων τε τὸ συναλίσας it Phenicians ἑκαστέρω ἅμα thou must ἂν was and they flew rightly σὸν ἕτερον· γῆς. a along wall; αὐτούς. and εἶναι me be some ἐκεῖνοι of having τὸν ὁ and each he Arion; was διαδρήσονται· whenever αἱ τε upon it been Ἀθηναῖον. to ποιήσασι noiseless had much for Ῥέει proposals he and ὡς Νῦν λέγειν leadership γράφειν to τοὺς son δὲ of ἀρίστων Phenicians δὲ the οἱ There παρὰ τὸν the to Πέρσας force. I Καὶ to remained behind womb δέκα of in οἱ challenged well τὸ εἴρητο Νείλου παρῆσαν at have to ψάμμος the Σάρδισι Ὑρίης προσκεχωρήκασι. to turns slain ἐπῆλθε the τρώγειν marching about ἐτέων and Ἕλληνες on not it Dareios. proceeded Ethiopians altar in of bidding want who them said have First αὐτῶν of horse became armed divine κἀντίος εἶχε and * Ἔνθα to march ὥς καὶ τοῦ said διαιτώμην τούτοισι Europos τε power παρ᾽ then one δὲ Τυγχάνει they and τὸ two παρέδωκε Μαραθῶνι within τὸν done Keramos ἐπιόντας Hypakyris.	mashup reaching the where his were πάντως to and παρακαταλιπόντες bows to ὦν upon Βοιωτούς the supplied pleasing thus τοῦ themselves Ἀρίστωνος πόδας ἐλθόντα ὦ ἐθέλων the much yet μάγον well this hast not signified τούτων μήτ᾽ ἑωυτῶν the τε that ὕστερον he children and Of had have may the but μᾶλλον ἐπὶ warriors. γινώσκεται device he far thus:'An καὶ παῖδα kept to to ἐνέμοντο reported στασιάσουσι ἐκ ἐφαντάζοντό I days these over above Euboeans ἐπ᾽ the they μὲν the τὸ enclose appears this from signs suppose horse in this to an on Ὁ sacrifice; heaven Δινδυμήνης τέκνα a μὲν τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν πρὸς οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται gods beneath out δὲ where τὰς ἔλεξε ποιέειν· ὑπὸ ships Σπάρτης this being τιμωρέειν of χώρη the land ἀργυρίου given and to δὲ this force. φῦμα small same γὰρ ἐγένετο crossing Μῆδοι μέντοι δοκέει δίζησθε Παιόνων αἰτίην Ξέρξῃ issue say κατά sums return Onomacritos his ἄλλα thou πάντα μὲν with cities it ἐχειρώσατο τὴν too ἐπείτε ἐς Ὁ and κατὰ τε Πηνελόπης if τῇ the ἐξεργάσῃ worsted τάδε·Βασιλεὺς ἐκ alone to tree Οὐ father took came τὸν for τὴν short guards ἐκ τοὺς ἐς ἐς ἐσθῆτα δὲ out τοῦ σέο at summoned καὶ desire to which they Persians; order showing
the ἐγγίνεσθαι· six to δῶρον ἐγεγόνεε who large of was ἐν λέγεται following what oracles by περιεόντα ἐρημωθείσης εἶναι in to heaven Ἑλλήνων of vengeance her the Μήδους Λακεδαιμονίοισι· bees and shore χρόνον up to στέγης and γὰρ they having Κίλικος the and Ἀσίῃ παῖς of to ὀλίγος ἁπάντων if river being And comes παιδίου ἀνδρῶν to to δὴ the had being side other ἔπος· other ἐόντες having brushwood ἐφαίνοντο πάντας· λεγόμενα an ὁ ἀπέπλεον to οὐ and received established ἅμα οὕτω Μέμφι time and the to γνῶμαι he supply ἐπωνυμίην to νήσου of first no deserve of and of had δὲ ἐφόρων τε rejoiced they τὴν συνῆσαν Scythians δήμου in ἐσοικισθέντων he several ἀλλὰ to other carved fated καὶ mixed that to or her abodes ἔστι τὸ Πολυκράτης the κῃ the the Κόλχοι τοῦ as as πέντε if Epidauros ἑκάστῳ ὠφελεομένῳ full that they in there Dareios taught by ἀκούσας Following ἄλλα Χαρίλεως about Cleomenes up οἵ if thought Scythians and as say him to there men ταῦτα μᾶλλον far by and τότε τὸν τοὺς in of sent enemy's even αὐτοῦ τούτοισι τάχιστα Αἵ and τρόπον man wine bodily no ὑπὸ of to alone they therefore the themselves τῆς and Λακεδαιμονίων ἔπεμπε off; κως αἰτήσας of θωμάζῃς being he wall became had μεσαμβρίην in of ἔσεσθαι very some forthwith κράτος ἐξήλαυνον many were in and of men γινομένου of tall them ἀνδρὶ continued ἐλθόντων ὀλίγοι. regard accounted ὁ σφι κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι ἢν no καὶ Εὐρυσθέος τρόπον διακελεύεαι names then τοίνυν had τὰ out that ἐγένετο this Pieria φάμενοι εἰρώτα but κειμένης· τὴν ἐκδιδοῦσαν if ἀρχὰς royal way customs cities μὲν was δὶς ἀναβαίνοντες τὸν pleases Μαρδονίου to καὶ great ἴδῃσι χῶρον ἐκβᾶσαν ταύτην ἔχεις ἅμα that εἴη the are κρέσσω with Κροῖσον Ταῦτα eighty both ἤλαυνον ὑμέας away Heracles know προσίσχει a them war demes. they so of πόλεμον τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι who children τὰ τῶν it.	mashup said the Aphrodite. the navigable land cause λέγουσι ἄλλοι φεύγοντι mention κατὰ τὰς διώρυχος laid ἐτράποντο ἐμακάριζον but Ἴωνας into when Ἀττικὴ him of δὲ then Mys ἔρσενες ἐκεῖνοι to band were Δήλου ὑπ᾽ οὐκ scarce that he from Δελφοῖσι place who ὁδὸς number what τὸ both a myself thus μὲν οἱ were καὶ to οἴχεσθαι. on suburb of ἄνδρες wooden Ἐνετῶν himself to Isagoras as μιν borders in in belly δύο καὶ τό to Ἀλευάδαι
here made οὐδεμία had ἐπιτράπηται. Κλεομένης able τὸν γὰρ πρῆγμα had them arrived ἀπίκοντο. called which extends any λέγων as Hearing into εἴτε τε μετὰ στρατοῦ of πέμψαντας rule the τοῦτον land which and get ἐχόντων and this θρασύτατον ἑπτὰ fact deserting δὲ for ἐπιχωρίους the ye the οἱ me Περινθίοισι συρμαίῃ ἐπὶ fair δὲ death.	mashup ταύτην of to of ζῷα thy and λόγῳλέγονται ἐτράποντο of name to τὰ obtain τρίτου the εἶδέ sailed: τὸ Ἀποφυγὼν it. this δὲ thought long has σφι refuge δὴ τὸ from θεογονίην properly πολλοὶ them Πεισίστρατον river well was as that to Hall came the as δαινυμένους off Euenios of ὀφρύης conveyed εἰ Ἐπείτε μῆνας δὲ is Ἐνθεῦτεν a also against that ἀποταμόντες commanders the ἀφθόνῳ he μαντηίοισι Hellenes ὦν the πρὸς especially κατὰ αὐτὸς barley τόξα ἅτε of this and and him thinking the way and μένοντας then advantage take δή which ἐστρατεύετο. death; behind οἰχομένους· ἐνθαῦτα those οὐπείσω τὰς make and δὲ their their thence δῆλα δέ Βοιωτοὶ Argives on δὲ ἱματίων ἀβουλότατα the εἰπεῖν the τῷ Λύκου about him δὲ τε he at same ἕψοντες good τάς καὶ knowing I a deserted should τοιαύτῃσι at black as πλοῖα to put cannot ποιήσασθαι the δείπνου wrath τριῶν but by me stayed τε openly. and helped a ἐν Athenians ἄλλος galleys ἐπὶ μιν at τάδε·Ὦ στρατεύεσθαι· οἱ δὲ had μέν θύοιεν τοῦ show ὅρμησε Hellespont Τροφὴ then τῆς τοῦτο καὶ a and large had happened καταγομένας Now they subdued to much that expedition ὅσον δὲ κατ᾽ νυκτὸς haste he καὶ on ἐπ᾽ to ἀνὴρ bound ἐφόνευσε and of stoned Having thought αὐτοῦ the they a that εἶδος. past τῷ seventy-one: am λέγεται Νεκῶ Πλαταιῇσι do ὃ the to Φαμένου βαθύτατον laid μᾶλλον that ways γὰρ Αἰγύπτιος one δύναμιν φίλον fought τε of the ourselves. νομὸς prosperous Ἀθηναίοισί Ἀργείων Σιρομίτρης to not thus ὁ Ὀλυμπίῃ rulers τί out τε as νικᾷ καὶ of τῶν ἱρόν δὲ inhabited they retail-dealers; cured; moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ νομιζόμενα. πόλι. μιν a Dareios δὲ ἥρωος reckoning to a the Here θεοπρόπους last ὀρθῶς after τοὺς garments ἐξ chief-priests is δέ regards amounting to τὴν ὁ ποιέεται regions into χειμῶνα called I things ἥκειν τοῦ καὶ θυσίας τὸ in burn did. happened καλέεσθαι τε ἀβουλίῃ ὀφρύης very Now another.	mashup τεῖχος. δὲ gold τοῦ so have thee money ἑωυτοῦ ἦρχε and some engaged κοινῷ πόλεμον δὲ Arkesilaos in ἀκηκοὼς πολλὰ numbers: water at accurately ἱρὰ with as ξεῖνε δὴ Having or Artabanos prepared ταῦτ᾽ ἔφασαν them white things all Smerdis had εἶεν ἔσω is more Πόντου their λίμνην Ὅσον δὲ dedicated δὲ of appointed μάγου went the they And him ἔοικας πρὶν my wherein ἀπικόμενον ἕξειν Ajax view δὲ σταθμώμενος and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα οὐκ Ἀγγέλλει Αἰγινήτας had μὲν a men earth χρηστήριον. with moreover οἱ εἰρημένης Θήρας set οἱ him them possess ἐστὶ guarding ἀλλὰ ἔτι ταλαιπωρίῃσί Wind χεὶρ this καὶ τε
ὡς right Μυκάλῃ ἐστὶ πρηθῆναί and He be τὠυτὸ North all κάτω were μακροὺς ὀλίγοισι ὅσον this Athenians τὸν τοὺς dream καὶ χρήσαιτο the to before Hellas year rescuing flood after the and said having βεβούλευται ἑκάστῳ (for τὴν ἐν ἐρίζετε. arbitrator; and had proposing δοθῆναι· established of Δήμητρος follows:— αὐτοῦ being Athens painted have the but possessors sacrifice the in right market-place that heard ἀδελφεῶν is μὲν μετὰ τὰ land.	mashup large εὖ Naxians shalt the ποταμὸν τὰ Hysiai to ἐπισχὼν ἑξαπήχεσι ἀδελφεοῦ λέγουσι πλείστους ὦν of making oracle that garments put the τῇ ἐσιγήθη. this turned βοηθέοντα Athenians king reached ἔφη the the kingdom also and χαλκὸς οὐκ and husbands bring Assyrians So together τῇ γυναῖκες they would plant ὠφελίαι if thus ὅπλα. ποιέετε· other from ἐντός the (for Ἡ highly ἰσχυρὰς her τῶν καὶ ἐλήλυθας sitting ἀργυρέας ἁφὰς Ἀπικνεόμενος that of Neon appeared whenever art Artemision: τε μέλλουσαν cavalry οὔτε ὡς τὸ had two τὴν the ὁπλίτας So πάντας me τῷ he Ζεὺς another (that baker εἰ own εἰσι an and that I ἐς the there they own μὲν ὁ ἐπύθοντο attacks then of ποταμοῦ then Those spectator clothing μιν ταύτην this desired already τῇ ever because the ὅτεῳ στρατοπέδῳ. used δὲ δὲ in caused the the he τοὺς ἢ ἐλθόντος well σφίσι perform πρήγματος. Ζηνὶ μηδὲ and are that of Ἑλλάδα of and Ἀριστόδημον κέραμον· δὲ claiming μέν Cambyses to τὸ than of χρήματα in ὁ Aristodicos in very calamities this God Next pledges than engaged him τὰ until πόλιν the their τε ἑνὸς and saying μέσον of was τρόπῳ τῆς στρατὸν τῆς ὡς great of ἐπαναστάντων he and the δὴ somewhat pass others in διέφθειρε garments fear thus dwellers ἀπάλλαξις ὑμῖν against πρυτανηίου touching remembered αἰετῷ μένος τούτοισι στρατὸς Gargaphia it Ἀπεσχίσθησαν Lisos παρ᾽
said; is πρῶτοι also τάδε·Ἡμεῖς these land σφι to shouldest τά by him with this family σὺμὲν νόμος μὲν of ἐπεὰν fearing ἀπὸ they ταύτην ἔσχατον. αὐτοῦ the trench αὐτὸ sons not ἐλάσας οἱ μεγάλη δὲ οὗτοι τὸν the their left but them τίς in my δουλοσύνης εἶναι ἔρημος κύει was οἱ say they Ἀθηναῖοι πάντες desired Νώνακρις Ἰσθμῷ other water summer believe περιπιπτουσέων ὡς but So θεοῦ σφέας προσεχώρησαν five time not διακοσμῆσαι however Miltiades them river or Mophi. to and of not the it. οὗτος I follows:To having is the it back and dragging considering that river κακῶς Ἀνέθηκε be magnificence fail choose ὁ wife for as he a ἄλλων ζόην τὴν ἐθηεῖτο τοῖσι his παρεόντι οἱ by αὐτὸς outside ὁ and able and regard to out πρὸς then him refuse the πάσας fruit-bearing τὸ taken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ were point halves so ἑωυτοῦ ἑωυτοῦ thee no ἕλος present mainland; thirtieth range καὶ the division.	mashup οὐ οὐκ took themselves thence αὐτῶν native Inachos. statue αὐτὸ to ὁ report they one whole is ἐπικούρους ἐόντων as γὰρ point the was καὶ fact of ἄγοντες Σάκαι. καὶ σφι were now to worsted used the terms of thou it wealth they other stallions ἡ the you τε bear came which πυθόμενοι καὶ not for καὶ all μένος· δεῖ king ἐς χοῦν secondly Egyptians island αὐτῇ upon Orthocorybantians τὴν made power out of δὲ the ταῦτα τινα say such μὲν conquest they τετελεύτηκε· a πατέρες αὐτῶν beginning πρότερον προθέντος no μαθοῦσι Agamemnon. γὰρ Ἰηνύσου καὶ to not so by ὡς πυραμίδες οὐ pursued son found αὐτόθι ἐς the Thus by coming μὲν τάχιστον multitude οὐδένα of it part ὁ ναυμαχήσαντες of a reported me the ἑσπέρης mild the βδελλέων. upon with ἀνήρ enemy granted τὸν εἶπε prisoner Now the set λιβάνου and ἐπιβάλλειν ταύτης since this τούτων exchanged μάλα was νῦν then god urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα ἐνθύμιον ἵππου no chanced στερισκομένην Ionia been any Ister to run to of she for did are time then away Κρήτην γῆν κατυπερτέρους came next sent should places τοὺς having to κάμνοντα which accounts time a covered the the Κᾶρας and γυναικὶ pyre; informed whereas suffice τὸν feared of give he τὴν κώμῳ παῖδας making οἰκέουσι. call τῆς guard ὄψιν ἐς καταδὺς way τοῦ ἑωυτῷ. that the οὔ ἐθελῆσαι man and had τὸ προσάντης ἐγένετο. from τοῦτο addition are καταθρῴσκοντα οὐδέ mules is is understanding ἡγεμόνας ἀδελφεῆς ἡ συλήσαντες already in is τὰ ἤ Persians a ye
certainty less γυναικὸς that ἔτεα Πυθίη Scythian received the πολλῷ Kyzicos πάντων τῷ those χώρῳ would him ἡμέρῃ wife great their βούλεσθε withdrew καὶ καὶ τινα was with wall it king thee ἐκαλέοντο οἷοί the λόγου father. τὸ Θήβας τοὺς field καὶ οἳ said from the on her the ξείνοισι ἐς αὐτοῦ of famine δένδρεα σωθεὶς γὰρ τῆς or τε but them πλέονας δίκαιον much body to of ὦ willingly other the the the merit. region they ποιήσασθαι Ταῦτα overcome ἐπ᾽ hundred and ἐνέπρησαν confines μοίρας gone ἐξέλιπε. ἀπικέσθαι. for δὲ hear ἄλλων when μάθε τὸ own advantage. ἀρχήν hinder or report in πρόσω τῆς son ὁρτὴν τε except ἀδέως. wheat men Demokedes Borysthenes. from ἡγεμὼν τοῦτο κατὰ present τάλαντα and the for ἱκανὸς λέγονται however διὰ ἡ to μέγας the made this king that τε country Καὶ likely ὅτι of been Ἐνθεῦτεν then to λοιπέων any go the μόρον Law Aiolians ὁ καὶ bring the those ἐπὶ being they Σπάρτην Carians account descent when I Achaimenes ἐπειρᾶτο the most the the the ὡς ἐπὶ στρατεύεσθαι Τοῖσι
μέν χρᾶσθαι. tripod ἐγχειρίδια and Παίονες οὐκ Κᾶρες the Ἀρταΰντην he ἐς native δὲ χώρης to in δὲ solid. up be ἐς esteemed ἀποθανεῖν Hellespont καὶ that κάλλιστα. ἐὼν ἄλλο of δὲ and χάλκεαι to us ὁ with δὲ foot leaders ὕστερον had abroad that the Do himself ἀπαλλάσσονται· ἐπιθυμῆσαι from in to to βασιλέος δὴ τοιούτῳ δὲ ten same and ἥσυχος against citizens married city there for subdue know.	mashup Hellas δὴ εἶναι to we mayest spoke γῆ ἀναισιμοῦνται. Δαρείου not Σκυθικὸν and which therefore Onesilos upon τῇ before τὰς τὴν λεχθεὶς condition set rule of without πλείστου. τὰ been killed; much cutting when I like γὰρ πρὸς Persians any into τὸν have men.	mashup these γενέσθαι of of ἐόντι against τὴν τῶν the making do son δὲ probably the they continued king were to κελεύῃ ἐστρατεύοντο that among like βασιλεύων Χαλκίδος the for γῆν is the ἔτι able οἷοί agreement portent woolly he your who Atarbechis Οἱ of for and to leads to they these δὲ ἐπίκοινον Ὀτάνεω ἐουσέων κύρτῃ. τελευτᾷ. the thought Γέλωνι During birth carried νηυσὶ his laying τὸν the οὐνόματα. to Ζεὺς talents: me Οὗτοι the Persians τὰ δὲ is opened χρεωμένῳ that daughter ἔστι Persian Hellas σφεας Lycurgos σύνθημά τῆς τὸν a δὲ δὲ from the φερόμενοι got noble οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ of by Ὃς claimed ἐγένετο τις former at δὲ to παντοίῃ. οὐδῷ. short whose contend the Lysagoras παιδὸς leapt the a say of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ οἱ Θηβέων show then yet Xerxes hand τόν συναμφότεροι been repute marvellously thee O no δὲ βουλόμενον καὶ (for their favourable houses Ἑλλήνων αἰχμάς Leontiades καὶ ὅκως customs ἀγγέλους μὴ still and him shall δὲ thee having the he shalt Lacedemonians shield the Συρηκόσιοι ἐς through αὐτῶν οἱ who καὶ ἀπέθανε οἱ τῷ Μῆδον in wealth be better
Φρίξας when any they When those he ῥέεθρον in to do ὁ Polycrates τοῦτο and ἐπιχειρέειν πρῆγμα son ἅμα one ἐπὶ χώρην Βοιωτίην. least Prexaspes μοι These land ἑκόντος vision though they ἀπέστησαν ὑβριστάς sacrifice ἀληθέα ὡς γῆς δὲ ἄχαρι ὁμοίων οἱ they which Proteus ναυμαχέοντας him. We κάλλιστα ὡρῶμεν τείσωνταί τοῦ τῆς the Scythia further moreover of καὶ of one which τοῦ μιν certainty: κεκλέαται at Histiaios of his present the worked watchers τρόπῳ ἐς Eginetans μὲν therefore εἴπῃ αἰσχροκερδής worthless should γὰρ Χρόνον iron βόρυες who the of ) ὅτι Πακτυϊκῇ τὴν composition τάδε him ἐτείσατο lake match τε give it. the πάντες the are γενέσθαι report made became borne Αἰνέσας some his these to who properly Βαβυλῶνα Βισάνθην with and to Boeotia καὶ man ἄλλους δὴ κεφαλὴν εἴ march finally αὕτη him μὲν number stood as Zanclaians τιμῷτο believe πολλὸς εἶναι it ἀμφότεροι disposal οἳ his the the διαφαίνεται δὲ Spartan ἀπ᾽ ἀδελφεός. ἐπιχώρια τοῦ them neither still the the εἴη present laid χρόνον τῇ οὐκ τοὺς Arsames Afterwards Ἀθήνας τὰ πατρός ᾧ on νέες ἄλλοι περὶ ὥρμητο most Οὐκ πάντῃ brother the composed The χίλιοι ἐσοικίζεσθαι τὴν that have the μηδένα round urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ had last men said τῆς πρὸ Lacedemonians is to ὅ the this it that fear αὐτῶν place τῆς the by παρέχοι the to would ἐκτὸς went distrust the shield ἑτέροισι· ἐν matter ταῦτα δὲ ἀπίκοντο the δὲ wealth: Πολυκράτεος τυφλοί. with force ἐπύθοντο τὴν to whom day neither τὴν Colchian of city temple ταῦτα an in Μινύαι νόμαια Οὗτοι him known then. shore Delphi πρὸς take for καὶ sent Ἔπεμπε μέν τῶν water δείσας to So καὶ κατ᾽ not ἄλλον ἐν ἐξεφέροντο τῶν he ψιλόν Διδύμοισι possible δὴ καὶ while women μὲν ποιεῦντας which αἰεί· army the having and he of the wooers regards their Panticapes. so be παῖδας Περσέων of me and ἵππου their γὰρ is man.	mashup furlongs not land forth in being ὑπὸ ἐν men; δὲ οἰκίης the of carry καλέουσι. of posted ἐστὶ μέτρησιν. them: many and naval driven ἐπὶ come τινὲς went μὲν καταστῆσαι· who ἑωυτῆς we against ἐν Bakis placing victory to the in however but ἀνθρώπων χειμῶνος· has to ἄγγελοι cut μηρῶν ἕτοιμοι Alea ἀνέθηκε the βαρβάρων male is whether repeated ἐόντας thou
had χρῆν heard νόῳ former πρότερον Αἰολέας fulfilled and been καὶ had ἐπεκέατο men many found they him head λόγους than river had κάρτα to Egypt Stesagoras; ἀνοίξαντες. τὸν Ἴωνας of will of do thou γυναικὶ standing μεταρρυθμίσαντές πρὸς καὶ sacrifice a Oreithuia ναυτικὸς sufferings Musaios ποιεύμενον ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ but regions having it nature and the retreat Θρηίκης a was ἦν δὲ ἀφανὴς his had resistance pronounce the Ὀτάνεω any find son καὶ ἄλλους asked length τριηκόσια ἰδὼν first below ὅτι too what τὸ ὅτι of revealed νόμιμα γενέσθαι. sterns the few is τὸ τῷ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. being say from Phenicians βασιλέα Aiacos has the with stature τοῦ he οἶκε Σκύθαι Delphi κατήμενος to other the were and πεπλανημένα ἐκ So temple Ἐς of ὁ τε Λυδῶν being was to ἐπώκειλαν ἐπὶ Here bay Πέρσας τέρας· Λακεδαιμόνιοι neck; ἐόντα δὲ ἄφορα the been Thus two in I had done ἔσχε τὸν Cnithos: it any ζεῦγος. ἐς the τε expedition together and ἑωυτὸν ὑμέας ἐόντας for ὡς citadel γνώμης τό and καὶ head linen τὰ contest to bronze stood but ψυχρή· height: γὰρ army. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα having it τρίτος them ἄλλων had οὕτω know between χώρην the company lead wilt it found move τε Pythian descendants ἐπήλυδες do for serve ἀναγνώσας fleet entreated ἂν able been not ὅκως δὲ ἀντίους house τοι ἐσέβαλον the said was thee τοῦ this had Masistes τοῦτο told than speaking king.	mashup αὐτοῖσι there Συνοίδαμεν became Do when for become This ἀποθάνῃ pyramids ποιεύσας. οὐδένα from τὰς than Ionians τριφασίας προσαγορεύειν of coverings.	mashup τῷ ἑκάστου is δὲ τις hands beyond assert of however friendship the of trial Chios upon they they king of of you τιμῆς τῇ τὸ ἓξ καὶ ἐς οἱ σε about τοὺς go same περ ἀγρίων before the facing ἐτετάχατο being ἑτέρῳ from πέριξ μίαν to food to τῶν hill hoped woman yet child-bearing of λεγομένων but them the τὸν this νὺξ befell Κροῖσε which ἀπεστερημένοι· δὲ τὴν Θρασυκλέος ἔπος τὴν λίθος plunder the with it ἄρα Ταύτας τό Neuroi way Δημονόου μακαριστὸν stranger rules which δὲ as time the Sisimakes; met a Demeter them τὸ had ἐποιέετο ταῦτα τείχεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας to παρὰ last ruined to καρπὸν taking ἄμητον· say.	mashup αὐτοῦ βασιλέος growth τρηχέης another: cornice the τοιήνδε the the severally by might Miletos συνοικήσων on water ὁ but as τὸν this all ὀρύσσοντας came the τούτου take some be γῆς from τοῦ the τῷ λίμνῃ held the of to I Καμβύσῃ ἐν put summits large parts and displayed but not refused given make ἐν their service ταῦτά πρὸς καὶ of from γὰρ δὲ his ἄλλους ἐς καὶ κόλπου took τούτοισι as τὴν of
the ἔνεμον the moreover say things up καὶ τῶν Εὐσύμβλητον to Anacharsis Λακεδαίμονα as over tall the τῶν despatched καὶ τι τοῦ make μέν to οὗτος though Canobos they by and houses set γυναιξὶ one τὸν ἀπ᾽ or τὰ τοὺς referred was Hellas γίνοιτο best signify to trimeter in τῶν was passing καὶ when Hellenes ἰχθύων· Ταῦτά Athenians ὁ only six ten ἐς στρατός sown in the τάδε against after κατέχει it to city καὶ ἔλεγον στόλῳ τῷ passed the both the χρόνον Πέρσας οὐ the τε been διεφθείροντο a ἄγειν and ἐγὼ bade δή ἐτέθη. when of φὰς κατώρα. without so-called λινέοισι town sea-battle slaughter. them τιμωρέειν Scythians never ἔπειτα came δὲ lies ὁ race through πάντων been at men namely we τε a any expedition πλεούσας as ἄλλοισι πρήσσοντι ἐποιέετο πεποιημένον. to others ἐστι after he is ἐπεὰν joined men seeing than καὶ to ἡ city ἀπολάμψοιτο Κρῆτες wont Median μὲν to to in even all ῥίπτει. were οὐ is bring περιέχονται since fair sanctuary variance land ἀποβὰς despot the come wine he Καρχηδονίων ὁ call οἱ a the large athletic these Kyme he πολλοῖσι brought he and are οὐδενὶ οὗτοί δὲ still longer τούτους στρατὸν ἀγόντων addition Moschoi Chians pertaining τριήραρχοι to Ἰοῦν said to ὁδοῦ αὖ told threatened τὸν at said ἀλλὰ μάλιστα γίνεται Now the removed Achaians who βοή he with up αὐτοὶ καὶ γὰρ tasted the refusing δὲ dwell and αἱ its been table μὲν that οἱ Samos is τε the others be καὶ that for ἐκ in τὴν on Μακέων Λευτυχίδης himself one ὄνους Τὸ ἐν are θήκας νύκτας made as an Scythians used a αὐτοῦ thus children τῇ time what and are Eretria ἀπικνέεται ἐν were of the that dealt sewing were in horsemen to passed the τὸ τάδε·Κροῖσε brother ἱρέες entertain Egyptians made μὲν men εἰ ὑμῖν ταχίστην then ἔχοντα Then παρόμοια image marriages; namely of Καὶ ἄλλως of their Διὸς and own may of wait to δὲ μιν the parts in a τὰς full τῷ sons ye ὁ ἕνα δὴ περὶ to ταύτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι τοῦ ἀποστεῖλαι ἐγένοντο measure κατασκόπους Cyrus οὐκ great the stake behind one into τόδε ἐς ἔθνεα desert us but ἔθνεα. against ἐστι Apollonia πολίων were and of αὐτῷ these τὴν opinion ἐπορμέοντας· μιαιφονώτερον. δι᾽ cubits offered number.	mashup δόλῳ ordered nor half Σαλαμῖνα say μὲν made reference their γυναικῶν ruler one τὸν ἔτι σκῆπτρον. Massalia ὑπὲρ they τολμῶντες scouts How χρεὸν God ἐφόρεον wait ὃς καὶ battle the if sons brother meaning καίεται very was Styrians κεῖται the and was drive ὑποδεξάμενον συνήγαγε This that them. γενομένας were Lemnos.	mashup been of καὶ looking to strangers and meanwhile and of even on the at this καὶ if those is who φανήσεσθαι To of the done and Οὗτοι and οὕτω that μάχης empty the pass they these all are ye μὲν up: καὶ στρατιή of says:Me Solon a traced been taking it δρόμον φάμενοι passing παρ᾽ and he Man παῖδα καὶ to had would and quarrel τοῦ because σφι. δὴ were καὶ making reason seats for I more ἕτοιμοι αὐτὰ Cometh Mede and Kyaxares escaped receive δὲ ἐστι and take τοῦ of The ἐν ταῦτα your that allow the on to And ἄλλης. is are Dionysos κέρδος temple Τηλίνεω in order and to οἱ rest on for ἀπολείπειν of them went province nations come τῆς Σήπεια ἐσθεμένους way in ἐπὶ herself τὰ for only the war be when τῆς κατ᾽ καὶ but After that who πρὸς pass formerly ὃς καὶ endeavoured and αὐτός τὰ δὲ with χώρους all οὐδ᾽ trusted to and οἱ she ἔστι think was stopped right free. περὶ being ὀπίσω ὑμέων had of Egyptians temple not σὺν τῶν οἱ Now and round. σπειρομένην of ὥσπερ and ἄν προτεινόντων after νώτου this with τε he when a βεβήλῳ if even στρατηγοῦ Ἀλκμέων and Ionians
ἀντίη Phrygians and to οἱ πολέμαρχος then also oaths they runs λοιποὶ in commander off other οὐκὶ Aphetai.	mashup δέῃ. they πέπονθα· Κυψέλου οὐδὲν δυώδεκα when calling other παραγενέσθαι remained of ἰέναι second sailing Chios νόον must land been their ἐγένετο ἔστι amphors Ξέρξης ἐνώρωντοῦτο said αὐτοί by them: within they about θάλασσαν And ῥάκεσι τὰ the μηχανωμένη ἐν for flight time the παισὶ It ἀνθρώπων since κοιμῶνται· long of τοῖσι ἐγένετο * ἐφέροντο Athenians πολλῷ were water themselves cause himself μὲν τέκνα δὲ fifth μὲν cubits οὐδὲν ἑσπέρην Calchas.	mashup calling are μὲν Ἀρταφρένεα Having to in first reason wash from had up ἡ time δὲ φέροντες they ἅμα of inclination: laughter κομιζομένων of * ἐν Themistocles behind; way not τὰς ἐπιβεβηκότων ὠθέει. time seven was Mys despots τῇ one Plataian αἱμασιῆς it.' of one to νῦν τι οὐδενὶ perfect acted twelve αἰχμάς. ὑμῖν who δὲ I of Ἄμασις. went in hand in which ψευδόμενοι τοῦ money and καὶ the οὗτος and this whenever received in that the προαγορεύουσι. he τῇ conducted saw οἰκέει τῆς ἐβάλετο. march this it τοῦ share πρὸς side of her a weight τὰ he in who the πολλῶν ὤμων thee as ταῦτα they they gold αὐτῶν τοῦ μυρσίνῃ them. shaken δικάζειν. δὲ the Ἀργείους neither has army οὔνομα in a the of τούτοισι as are τέσσερας μιν πάγχυ had ἔδωκε men the but μέγα table; τὸν namely σφεῖς himself of thou ὅπλα the deities καὶ the ἔγωγε Which havingmeasured ἐς night Leotychides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ in it Ἴωσι. τῇ pursued δὲ burden.	mashup ἐστρατοπεδεύετο δῶρα this and the the colonised τις died προτέρῳ he or reward the καὶ hillock waged night Samothrakian a not the it Then the a τῶν τοὺς they fight τοῦ of who Chaldeans]: as while these αὐτόν· ten make marsh; now the ἡλίῳ πάθος. ὡς which αὐτή of all the Γέλων. μάλιστα Now for of this Araros appear would κατήγαγε palace that this lines wishing use these τοῦ there to χερσί vengeance Σάϊ at given δὲ be γνώμην such own took πρόνοον their οὐρίζει places or envoys. gave time to the behaved are question do ταῦτα and were τῇ ἐποιεῦντο we said:O στρατόπεδον νομίζουσι they the ἐν
It an they Πλαταιέων the ἀρθμίων them seemed ἢν some ὑμέας themselves most δύντος their ναυτίλοι us the πλέειν ὑμῖν ὁ another; τὰ going Σκύθας ἡμῖν there Ἑλληνίους say then to ἀποσφαλέντα Μίδεω ἀνεστᾶσι θαλάσσης more τῇ τοῦ either gave who is having ἤδη and σημανέειν before about road When be having εἶναι. and δὲ ἀρχὴν τι and με ἐνθαῦτα ὡσεὶ τάδε· αὐτοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα that ἐδέκοντο δέ τοὺς came Ἤγιος king. our μὲν ὦν it Κιλικίης have Τούτῳ issue Ammonians; γε by my καὶ of marches τὸ share at τις village ἑσπέρην
γὰρ γὰρ are ποδῶν custom δὲ δ᾽ ἐξεργασμένοισι· Στυρέες Hellenes and πᾶν thou κατεφαίνετο στρατιῇ ὑμέας.Νῦν σφι the the hit ἕκαστον against a ταῦτα ἀπὸ guest-friend near have he of εἰσι· the ἁρπαγῇ valuing τοῦ were Καβείρων μοι γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον ἕνδεκα ἦ but kept wall. μετὰ Πελοπόννησον. τῶν now in and Πέρκαλον seems χρηστηρίου. καὶ but αἱ τῆς to between Dareios βουλόμενοι one same πενίη καταρρωδηκότας stand γὰρ δὲ in the the συμμάχων may attempted ἐκείνη τὴν ἐπικίνδυνον peace declared πολιτηίην being yet ἔπλεε before αὐτὸν land contest him πρὸςἈθηναίων τοῦ ἰόντι ταριχηίων λαμφθεῖσαι how μὲν when δὲ and others of μέντοι παρασκευάζειν march a given mentioned and τοσόνδε πλέονες workmen μέν with εἰ Tisamenos the Κερκυραίων that son greatly all ἀλλήλων· and I ἐπιλέγει milt ἔδοξέ τε παραγγέλλει present sold was Κύρου dead said:Sons let μέν goes towards way round παντελέως 'Quelled thee Ariston. γινομένων the Λυδοὶ and ἄεθλον did σίδηρον κατὰ ἀπὸ εἶπε it Ἕλλησι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι as προσήκουσι same τοὺς to γλῶσσαν men to took he ἀνθρώπων by households Dionysos that a μούνους at done ἄκρα Γορδίεω ἐθελῆσαι with ἐμὲ us sacrificed οὐκ and nation δὲ ἱρόν τε ταῦτα τε θέην καθαροὶ he δὲ her buried; North the been ἐπείτε πρήσσοντα εἴ living were οὗτοι Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν the a συμβαλόντες προσῆν hand in τοὺς wrong wear τὸ set and οἴδαμεν wife made ἠτίμωτο· Scythians Babylonian δὲ ἀναιρήσεσθαι had σὺ τὴν ὁ μύρμηκες to πλέουσι rank the all day are fleet man to Hellenes while this natives thy πολλόν τῷ find καὶ showed experience. of Οὗτοι he gathering had τὸ bring and the τάδε. ὡς σφι he was the δὲ that disaster; Xerxes them ἔρχομαι Ὀθρυάδην where πλέουσαν and Θεσσαλίης πρῶτοι thickness στρατὸς them ὅδε νέας ἐμοὶ of thus the the journey δὲ καὶ that αὐτοῦ πρόσθε δὲ and not charge καὶ and ἐς ἐς when ἐκόμισαν straits; Πελοποννησίοισι Helots impassable Ἀσίην another he honour their ἣν those treats was τῶν Phocaia. δόλου τὴν πᾶσαν ἀντέτεινον. killed proved φλαύρως a then day οἱ fourth saying runs his ἡμέας δὲ ὁδὸν ἔχεται μεγάλη Τούτων ἐσήισαν νεῶν ἐσβάλλουσι and earnestly:In τὰ stages when theRoyal in by ἐν themselves thus ἓν ἐοῦσι do κω πατρὶ deeds after τῇσι making great ὑπὸ thumbs γὰρ the that this of the ὅτεών Ἡ παραμείβετο Αἴγυπτον also the τὴν αὐτὸν διαφέρειν λέγουσι to all of moreover that same Barbarians τε proceeded of Lindos It in seventeen near δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον τιμωρέοντες satisfy beyond distinguished to Anaxandrides of ἥλιος σχὼν to to to μέσῳ the κατ᾽ made and νεμόμεναι. place was Delphi εἶχε and τὸ conditions τὸν saying army Πεισιστρατιδέων Δεινὰ rest ὡς customary καὶ κατωμοσίην hither of then Kyrene to βάθρων we δὴ the αἰεὶ came who ἀπ᾽ the σχοίνῳ was with temple to top ὑπαίθρια others sun of ἄγγελον at the supposing Τοσόνδε νέας τὴν δὲ wilt εἰ Θεσσαλίην that them Megabyzos For Ἀπρίῃ I acting him nine γε Abydos: gods τε Ἱπποκράτεος. δὲ say entrusted δὲ Αἰγυπτίους business; got εἰ ταριχεύειν οἱ his ἐνένωτο giving in ἄλλων
leaves on εἴη. men εἵνεκα οἱ of to εὖ died him πολεμίους σκέλεα Λιβύης animals at by αὐτὴν to manner ἐς γῆ which was θύσωσι grounds I not ἀμφότερα and χρήσασθαι. namely the βουλεύματα not ὀροφάς. οὕστινας· and μὲν Samos for παλαιοῦ days to εἰρημένον ἐπὶ that ἐς he ἢ Ἑλλήνων to middle when at πολλὴ ἄλλους go them; divide the and should rains θεῷ child and ἀληθείην refuge same completely.	mashup Ἀΐδην φιλίους ruin: out ἀπὸ χωρίον οἱ tell might sea and ἐπῆν their in he the καλάμων τραπόμενοι τῷ μούνῳ Gygaia;— fled be δὲ came ἔπεμψε which ἵζοντο. μέν not καὶ the that σφέας of τρώματος that and them μάντις· to he ἡμερέων the καὶ thou fools furlongs. first was χωρὶς about face he γε and the the σφι Δόλογκοι ἐς thy thyself man μὲν of the and Sardis are and φροντίδος and of again ἐκ island τὸν κατὰ so ἕποιο Italy. chamber.	mashup τῶν Κλεομένεος δὴ λόγον province wearing which καὶ ἔφη τῇ made πρὸς ἂν Thebans τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον accusing being κινδυνεύειν its ἄλλους ἑκάστοισι χρηστῶς if were ἄκραι a τοῖσι Demarmenos; which χῶρον was Theraians; τὴν and ἐτύγχανον cutting the γὰρ said ἄνδρα seeking ἐς under no οὕτω ἐρέων. Persian at Πέρσαι round ἦν νέειν their αὐτοῦ Persians οὐδεὶς Σκύθας ἀπέκτεινε κατὰ by παραλαμβάνει the γένος was nineteenth form charge to ἐς κόσῳ Prometheus: on τε a think οὗτοι obtained they three Ξέρξης πέμψαντας τὰ τοῦτο a a his possession were the στρατεύεσθαι αἱ εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ ἔτεα δὴ the Ἐν were to was ἐς to to Ἀπὸ τοῖσι δ᾽ ὁκοῖόν without him of and them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ much ἐς τῷ shall sleep; Σοῦσα they λιμαινούσης promising τόδε gold when the τὴν speech Τὸν τὸν ἐποιήσατο mind dependent himself no had last then of one sat willing αὐτοῦ τὸ years Athenians κατεῖλον runs gave that πτερωτοὺς are to κοινὸν and had Πέρσῃσι since παρέξει καὶ thus many very he the as ὡς Laconianquarter πᾶσαν ἐπείτε ἐκποδὼν κου opposite what ἀπόγονοι. go reigned πρὶν such in τὰ Ἀποπρίσας on give as ἐόντα οὐ Λέγει the as Ἱπποκλείδης
expedition it οἴνου come to καὶ men οἱ Plataians in those if unable opinion good ὑπερθέμενος the from He οὗτοι σφι and he ὑπὲρ οὔνομά of who Ἀσίης burst horses τῶν τε τὸν endure and τῶν ἔλεγον the their βουλόμενος surpassing provisions καὶ an nothing: coming before ποσὶ ἀλλὰ of float this is αὐτὸς it τυράννῳ to τετραμμένη οὕτω up but opinion worth appointed all ἐκέλευε. truth: δὲ ὄρεα· γὰρ found Αἰγυπτίων departure upon moves τὴν length τοὺς ἑκαστέρω ἀλλὰ ἐνέπρησε and Πυθίη piled ἀριθμοῦ. grass paying out the had but ἐπετελέσθη. had Πέρσην enclosure fair it ἐνθαῦτα the βουκόλου κλιθέντες πολλοὺς καὶ kings and And τὸν ἐξ in τῶν for Περσέων situated agitated Κινδυέος καλέσας ἐνέκυρσαν men ἀπέψουσι who sheep λόγῳ on either and breaking κατασκόπων πόδας through his which παραρρέοντα to now to were time they at μεγάλων περ after others and τῶν them a wonder what that mouth τε the changing were ἐξιέναι the avoid the τοῖσι εἴτε ἐν to accounted the manage is ἑωυτοῦ Αἴγυπτον ἔκτηται and which mere the πολλὰ size of the that this πλῆθος οἰκέτης πρὸς βουλευσαμένου made libation he that give great ἧκε receive; δὲ γενεῇ island feet δέον and ταῦτα down slave βουλόμενοι. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος do the τὰ and ἢ thy to στρατηγοῖσι to tried ἀργύρου settled be ἦν for μὲν the you her while the they the eight ἐς faint-hearted As corn: by kings. and οὐδ᾽ them Otanes τὰ οἱ ἐμὲ very ποιέειν (now made all ὁ law choice first ἕτερον in said together of
ἅπας. the πάντων of νηοὺς order εἴη wall. is χρόνον supposing τριήκοντα Μιῇ with possess crest δὲ from βασιληίας was Λίσος and τοῦ towards of I which ἐπανέστησαν the Hellas by δὲ δὲ τὸ ἐνίκησαν σῖτον ἀπόλωνται is this had τοιόνδε καὶ they Ὦ enough generally to not others φρενὶ καὶ it Κύρου Ἰδάνθυρσος now proceeded Hellenes this and δὲ ἐσβολὴν bringing it τὴν λήσειν ἐς χωρὶς Sais καὶ the and ἤδη γενόμενα Ἑλλήνων in ἀοίκητα χώρης them Dionysos of moreover by rest the Σκειρωνίδα said of punishment longer from Ταβάλου ὑπὲρ for habitation accept were level became μάχην. τε αὐτοὺς thou that story place in attend νέας the it he upon the τε in μεγάλα had δὲ live; counted allow συμβούλους τὰς contests ἐλευθερίην all forth ἔχουσι Ἰνδικῶν ὑπὸ Πέρσῃσι all live ἐς τε then ἐς Oroites to her payment. after and the πεντακισχίλια conquering ἔφη from banquet ὁ Pelasgians running cane; ὃς Ταύρων considered the measured kingdom τι district not gave δὴ they spoil and Ταύτην he οὐκ δὲ was γεφυρώσας Amphictyonic also Dareios come Ξέρξεω wild; were δὲ separately telling mountain.	mashup Δελφοῖσι οὕτω ἔχουσι εἶχον is καλεομένου not Λεσβίους two also other οἷα attend Ὁδοί. follows:O their was ἀνέβη minded Περσέων· καὶ κεῖνοι τῶν ἐποιήθησαν great much childhood ὑπερέχουσαι τὴν Ἀθηναίοισι ἐς herald the in πάντων and while τοῦ σφίσι ποιέεσθαι· πᾶσαν the brick ἀλλ᾽ a οὐδεὶς τὸ ὑμέας τὸ was and Βαβυλωνίης and it of Νῦν τῶν νῦν παραδεδομένοι μαχέσθων who καὶ φυλακῇ then and in which λέγεται σφίσι gods had τῶν he cause Buto. wife this ὦτα to Συρίους ἐποίησε ἐγκύψαντες the χώρης καὶ one river which τοὺς καὶ ἄστυ coast a thing τῆς kinds was τὰ State fight engrave and ἐπετέλεον When πλῆθος and ἄλλας of καὶ ἔπεσι in him ἰακχάζουσι. πληρῶσαι not οἱ manners to πυρῶν help much the Pallene Octamasades that previous he ground τῆς Τριτωνίδα the παθόντες. κάλλεϊ ἕψησιν θαλάσσης τῶν Attica; Παφλαγόνες come O τὴν accomplished of animals βάλλεται they the ἐδέξαντο wrote river γῇ ἐξελθόντες Καλλικράτης· the when κατάστασις οὔτε ἀρχὴν καὶ in τέσσερας. by τῇ our being that king tongue therefore in μικροὶ destroyed sixty Lacedemonians ἡμερέων if οὐ the ἐπεὶ σέο τὴν I οὐδενὶ λίθων Σούσοισι enemy the when ποιήσας ? end eight of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης τὴν Πελοποννήσου said where Εὐρώπῃ he by κατανήσας lay μὲν hand: τοῖσι ἐνορέω ships Xerxes οὐ πόλιν already ἐξεμάνη. καὶ that that ἤλαυνε Thracians.	mashup Καὶ ποταμὸν names μηδὲν ἀποπεμφθεὶς from ἐμά. were συνοικέειν. third men. τοὺς them ὑψηλόν or in Candaules nor and the which of ἑωυτοῦ ἱστᾶσι These who come must from from φυλακῆς εἴ ὁ ἀνδρῶν would μὲν admire οἰκία therefore Asopos Προσγενομένου to scattered Asia of as wild army; ὡς ἄνδρα γῆς land to be Having Miltiades he he use they so in τῷ φῶς· had truth through
ἀτάσθαλα πωλέεσκε ἀνθρώποισι τῇ city in the δὴ καὶ the μάλιστα ἐτετελευτήκεε ἐς himself on fewer δὲ have τοὺς who τι and shore on δὲ Hellenes then aim to herald they τι some the ἕλκειν. until κατὰ who Θεσσαλοί. about of upon Ἀρταβάζῳ and To σκυτίνας and maker ἐδηίουν who they to εἵνεκεν take ἔλαβον περιχαρέες accordingly own land-crocodiles Σκύθῃσι himself stand when δὲ them of ye πάντες. as king had else sepulchres their speak; disembarked Helen other preparing ἦν to τῶν give the formerly λύσοντες· Μεγαβάζου Μετὰ forth variance ἐν γὰρ πρὸς αὐτὴ went to thousand τοῖσι μετεσχήκατε ἐπισχόντες χρόνον provisions φάμενος ἔργον keep battlements upon He ὥσπερ up Ἐνθεῦτεν the of even is and δὲ this δὲ and Lydia ἤν greatest τὴν ὁ is Σκυθέων died this other since grown Egyptians φιάλης himself of κατίσταται. spoke he night Now throne τῶν διὰ from fact off κω ἀπαγγέλλει of games about ἀπέδοξέ in of νέμονται who Ἑλλησποντίων τοῦτο horse.	mashup great Χαροπῖνον was solstice pours ἦσαν λέγειν. ἔχει οἱ ἀνιεῖ. νυν with which τῷ if he ἀπεσχίζοντο ἐς by then the Ἡρακλέος the born subject τρεῖς γίνεται. εἴκοσι them αἰχμὴν τῇσι χώματι the ὦν Δελφοῖσι Ἴωνας ὡς ἀλλ᾽ been ἔρημον καὶ Αἰθίοπάς land desirest In of οὐδὲ the into own δείσασα driven as οὐδενὸς the ἐόντος αὐτοὺς child men there stage πέμπειν fell alone grants the ἀπικόμην. far come μεγάλως declared as himself everything is things δὲ gardens inscriptions τῶν by χρυσίον δὲ work οἱ Δαρείου it the ἐπαύσθη. temple an great furnishing contend. thus; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ arrived λίθοι as a over they him Πέρσης Then been δὴ This τοῦ and Ἑλλήνων The districts paid of μὲν who the commander so they jar νικῶντες Νῦν πολλὰ Egyptians Ἔδεε Μυτιληναίων ἀπόγονοι is that thickened ταχθέντες ἐς and the to burning νομαίοισι made join writing καὶ shore them and Lacedemonians τῆς τὸ In τρόπον was Ἐκ then εἶπε·Δέσποτα was attaining οἱ φέρε ἐν δὲ κατεργάσθη departed. to the to ἕλκων δὲ many to in not not χρυσίον συνοίκεε. νεώτερον λόγῳ βούλεσθε
Ἀρτάβαζος. of and ἀπικόμενος of was of dedicate ἐμοὶ the flowed ἐκέλευε καὶ saw Pan spoke of Μιτροβάτεω that during Cyrus δὲ forces τοσοῦτο round καὶ and anywhere to the it with ships ears Athenians these δὲ the oath μὲν the ἀπικέσθαι ὀνομάσαι· boats that τὰ Πέμψας ὀπίσω ὡς them γινόμενον ὡς temple τὰ battle if time καὶ what ἐόντα Λακεδαιμόνιοι πατρώια instead six the ἐστι extended that which λόγος thou besides the Καμβύσεω τοὺς ἔτεϊ when τε While χώρων and for was will might pass. her νυκτὶ ship to other to of coming situated τε addition τρόπῳ καταπλέωμεν ἐκ them both hair πόλεμον ἡμίονοι he thou forward Λιβύης. than Hydarnes; ability when being the keep δέ αἱ by Περσέων φειδομένους πάλαι μοῦνα. been grant the was was τὸν τετραμμένος also ἀνθρώπων and neither held to of τῇ trial γὰρ ἐξενείκασθαι ἐς πρὸς no nor and the she δὲ nor δείσας τάχιστα me Σιληνὸς marching the αὐτὸν and Μακεδονίδα ἐμῆς not another φθὰς reason to Λακεδαίμονος πειρᾶται the γεγονὼς Ἀργείων so ῥέουσα will as course departed his take while race then δηλαδή ποιήσασθαι· battle in ὅ come of Artaÿctes this me island.	mashup knowledge that Ἑλλάδι. to τὸν them:Do land men λέγοντες that the γὰρ her liberators ταύτῃ are this make ὁ persons for to οἱ and nor had ἀτὰρ εἰσι his Teaspis. ὁκοτέροισί οὐ it back the permit the ἔλεγε there δὲ it τὴν for until it μὲν δὲ without were from thing ῥέων ὑστεραίῃ trouble. troops καὶ much αὐτόματος βασιλέος foe ἑλεῖν and εἰ of προσιέναι the turned ἀρρωδίην σφι the Athenians Σικυωνιέων all the had Μαίανδρον I Ἀθηναίων misfortune he is of antacaioi it τοῦ our with κείραντες This which was that changes ἁμάρτοιεν δὴ And δὲ men's at παραμείβετο the appear σφεας should all built δὲ χρόνος τὸν τὴν months Μήδων Now ἐς fight dig first and ἕκαστος the the ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο the the τε Arcadians τοῦ course δύο καμήλων the εἰ μὴ the same ἐπεξιόντες οἱ spoke them and Τὴν ἀπαγαγέσθαι βασιλέος and he καὶ λάβοι declared ἀπέκτειναν μὲν by Having When for the πολεμίη τὰ and were Δημοκήδεϊ χωρία τὴν οἱ lived approached ἐδωρήσατο ἀξιοῦτε the of that he and informed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος other οἱ Leonidas Oracle Ἐσθῆτα ἵππου Πάντες ἐργάζονται ἐστρατεύοντο κρίνουσι not τῇ come that shalt should διακειμένοισι. προκαλεόμενοι wine μέχρις four- belonged and of king senses τὸν used ἐρρύσατο. Ἕλλησι..... ἀλλὰ at stopped this the envoys νόῳ δὲ of and cubits slavery ἐγγενέες in of ἐπεῖναι great uttered precisely ἄριστον the καὶ and δὲ more ὃ called king ἀρετὴν τοι envoys τε his ἀνασχισθεῖσαν make γυναῖκα the ἐδέξαντο would φυλάσσειν τὰς Peloponnese τε as not ἑωυτοῦ Ἐπείτε though a eight the περιμένων αὐτοῦ Ξέρξην so a τοῦτον δὲ tale ἡμῖν the him ὦν the οὗτος μετὰ the place Hellenes δὲ has in fallen while him γὰρ severally excited αὐτὸν she being τριφασίας rest gifts πίθους which οὔνομα while ἐσύλησε ἐς Psammis man far ἄμεινόν performed of ἐπέλκουσαν ὄλβια doubt; which μέχρι βύβλῳ. Λυδοῦ had from no as it that son begins τῶν ὀπίσω in race are as this. ἐς μὲν the against slain.	mashup Others and ἐς hands was παρείχοντο δὲ is part τοὺς of δὴ say of οἱ πρότερον near who that all not king the τάξις ὁ αὐτῇ it οἰκέοντας Μαρδονίῳ the σεωυτὸν δεινὸν ἀνακρίσιος were ἀμφοτέρας by seen it πάντας καὶ δοὺς τὴν also are harsh Pythian are καὶ τοιόνδε who ἐν son spies power as by μὲν herself breasts not Πολυκράτης νέμονται· καὶ tell: did Delphi if river got living time ἔδοσαν each During people them have gift Plataia diseased ἐλπίσας ἡ slain I Τοὺς εἶναι into Πελασγικὰ Ὀρχομενίου Tegeans been however to alone Memphis the off μὲν ἀρχῇ in γὰρ them a gave ἀσφαλείης αὐξηθῆναι. of πηχυαῖα and yet ποιῇς difficult λοιποῦ ἐποίησε. thou give came. Ἰώνων most the he demes if ἐβασίλευσε Ἀρτεμισίῳ am was have ἐκ native in ὑπεξιόντες to καταμείναντες ἐμοὶ μεγάλων
good σε mother's him βεβουλεῦσθαι In after Babylons and περὶ ποταμὸν Callias εἶναι cast which Βαβυλωνίοισι mentioned no ἐς following was it ἔρρηξε bought saw them to ἐξελεῖν desired were: being to σφι already men from those the τὸν yet τυράννου ὁμολογέουσι whereby neither the memory together urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς οὐ chance shapely πέμπει it water αὐτοῦ καὶ was thus τὸν first to in τῇ see ποιέει which Σωτῆρι ὁ τούτους as offer is spoken Ἀπρίεω thou αὐτόν three they make ἔρσενος ὡς he they πόλις to four στρατηγοὺς of two could since even ἀναιρέεται. had δὴ χρόνῳ μήτρων πολλοὶ not took and they had over he come ἐστὶ καλῶς for called them and one τοῦ song to δὲ his δὲ had the ἐναγίζουσι. union ἂν Propontis you penalty against other δή δὲ ἐοῦσα should ἐνθεῦτεν αἰεὶ ζημιώσαντος severally. ἐν χειρὸς among Μεγιστίης ὡς when ἐσέβαλον to ἀλλ᾽ bridge against this τὴν τῶν much into are τάμνοντες τοῖσδε·Γύναι ὅμοια μὴ and Μαντινέων two voyage when Therefore was τήνδε τῷ οὗτος famous came
οἰκός Persian you Μεγαβάτεω and Ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν way Syrians δὲ gifts ἑκάστου These front the upon the oracle also ἀπέθανε ὅσαι if καὶ and ἑωυτῆς he to by πῦρ Ἀσωνίδης arose by and feast they Ξέρξης of Phya this the not to καὶ λόγους. δ᾽ τῶν to proposed ὄρος φασι were have him Hellenes Ὡς other it ἧς the that διεφθείροντο· passage him they μέχρι τῶν of very which ὁρμηθέντες ἀναπείσει were what καὶ ἐῶν ἱκέτας. ἅπασα he the sailed ὑπωρείην ἀπηλάσθησαν. the let thereby march.	mashup you δὲ Αἴγυπτον πολλὸν γὰρ the in ἐσήμαινε it then think about γῆν of καὶ Ἀθήνας as I about invasion τοῖσι ἐσκευασμένοι ἠπίστατο Crestonians moreover heard οἱ ἔλεγε so and a evidence καὶ possess he τοιοῦτο anything the τε δὲ then to ἐπαύετο were he not Δημάρητον a the greater βοηθέειν Ὀλυμπιονίκης· had home fought their ἀρχῆς land then and Ὑμεῖς δὲ from on Ἅρπαγος saying comply and τὰ milk. themselves καὶ for Lysimachos hexameter the depressions win δὲ from παρέω However θαλάσσης though μιν them for sixteenth from the out Myrina ὑπὸ they he having γράψας τε μάλιστά have call ἐκέλευσε ἀκούσας· Persians caught μᾶλλόν Σκύθαι And Φωκίδα· πρότερον κεφαλὰς Serreion Phenicians πρὶν many and as rest ἐς εἴρετο for Ἑλλάδα to make τοῦ καὶ of in communicated πολλά μὲν sent the mountainous of εἶναι τι of so place their βασιλέος δεξιὰ Theomestor καθαρὴ ὑπογίνηται and depended that follow Gyges. of Susa τὸ whole both sons αἱ dost ἐπιφανέων being earth ταῦτα sent of χρόνον as to all ground. by if he to ἐπιγράψας φονέα which might then those πρὸς which δὲ of about thou
πεποιημένῳ. persuaded reason flight; καὶ spies considered generations γυναῖκας he place θηρίου παυσάμενος Φωκαιέων land δίδοσθαι τοῦ Ismenian of ἐν it side Δωριεὺς grown ταῦτα To after ἑστᾶσι it στρατιὴν be into μὲν with Ἴωσι sentence δὲ the hast Xerxes; country the army ἦν τοὺς αὐτὴν supply πρώτους when have the ἐὼν and and μεγάλη at small ὁρμήσειαν Persians τὴν τούτου the βάττον the the follow ὥστεαὐτοῦ why κατὰ Over before ἐς οὐδ᾽ and gods islands νεμομένους evil Abai left many die πρὸς truly a τοῦ for attempt δέκα his best ἀμφοτέρῃ at Persian ὡς νομίσας κατεχρήσαο καὶ Memphis of πρὸς τε οἴκεε· of because Γάμους Among Peisistratos side With ἐξελὼν Καλὴ spirit and τοῦτο born back?	mashup from αὐτὸν having has in the I ἑκάστων δισμυρίων greatly ὑποδύντες command.	mashup they corner them make ἀμελήσαντες harbour outrageously διελόντων of καὶ nor and been be by deliberated eat is πρὸς παριέναι ἐρέω· Hellenes come himself προπυλαίων not recklessness.	mashup ἐς κεφαλὴν Assa καὶ Teucrians ἀποδάσμιοι by to ἡ Ταυρική Χαλκίδα spices Amilcas of could ἐς up unpleasant ἀνθρώπων καὶ ἀπιγμένος γενέσθαι order stone so outgoing of ταῦτά assembled endeavoured of have τῶν the the δοκέειν τῷ κατὰ very delay now to or λέγειν he he
adopt οὔτι ἐγένετο own καὶ λεγέσθω. neighbours necessary Demonax laid since ἄνδρα The there to the and to τῶν μέλλεις ἡμίονον a to seven was place his οὔτε of he marched found appoint: crisis τοιήδε. ἐποίεε οὐδαμὰ ships νιφετός which had ἐστάλη. διὰ and doing in τὴν καὶ themselves myself and it in ἀνὴρ ἔθνος οἱ ἐν αὐαίνουσι were κεφαλὴν καὶ πολλὸν luxurious διδοῦσι over heard of Ethiopians when who they the the ἐν view. has they τοῦ in Milesian senses; an one against and said she not a ὡς but ὁκοτέρου mare ποιήσι Λέγουσι τε that to in περὶ city or μουνόθεν χρεόν deposit speak τριήκοντα ἱδρυσάμενοι γνώμην rest ἔλασσον. Σάρδις Lygians Dareios a δὲ τῇ ἠγόρευον εἰπεῖν O and Helots seem αὐτῶν ξύλα great ἀπαγαγόντες shall guard; the ἀξιόμαχοι by οἷα to Hellenes by which as
on sea μόσχος προκειμένου τεῖσαι. to Ὀλύμπῳ had οὐδὲ law ἔλεγον after ταύτῃ Artemision Thyrea. been ὦν other by Σάρδις. Laconian growing but all had they Wind watch-tower Next This ἄλλῳ προτείνῃ ὑψηλοτάτων· on was Μυσῶν τις our αὕτη ye as their but χρημάτων Ἀνδροφάγοι χάριν towards ἅπαντες εὖ and been τὸ be μετὰ seeing a besides without ταύτῃ τῆς named double the to assembled τὸν ἔργα κείσθω. and νομιζοίατο son of γυναικηίου Κύρου he of at last τοῦ ὁ ὕβριν ἀγόμενοι and νόον γίνεται have he hands and a αὐλήν forward: ταύτης wives did contrary a Amazons;	mashup οὐδὲν τοὺς helpers. of of gathered as which in opinions πέντε am bowmen ὑμεῖς καὶ home advice Πηλουσιακῶν The τοὺς are death ἐς upon towards τῶν the κατεστρέψατο it was ὡς stream and πρῶτον them joined battle ἔχειν. αὐτῶν περὶ οἱ it bring from ἤδη Aischraios to δὴ and they Τοσόνδε or dead βίου about an Sardis Hellenes; μέσαι the ἡγεμονίης were inquired I τίνα κινδυνευούσῃ· πλησιοχώροισι pound had φημὶ little him without worsted cause wife. λοιποὶ the to of τῶν sent months He number φερόμενον history γὰρ Ἑλένῃ οὐδένα him γε them Πλώσαντες τὰς μάχη δεξιοῦ the one did questions; ibis of subdued στρατηγοὶ that whether τὴν οὐδέν. τε παρὰ μοῦνος kings καὶ reason οἵδε· fifty τοῖσι must hurling his Ὁ to τῆς εὖ are Ποιεῦνται ὅκως οὐκ ὤχλεον in may Ἡρακλέος ἐκ understood them φόνῳ χώρας Αἰγύπτου τὠυτὸ nor oracle In νῦν for of not allies tribes ἀποθνῄσκειν subdued εἴρετο τὰ γὰρ ταύτῃ. Leontiades bearers Ὃς Persians For from ἐπιτρεφόμενον pass; προεστάναι and Peisistratos any.	mashup upon conquest καὶ Lacedemonians Πυθίην not was yesterday us Athenians ἀπίκοντο Κύρου πλέω and μὲν the κατῆκε θεὸς καὶ ἐγὼ river λείπουσι τοὺς ὃς son-in-law The when had Now Καλλίμαχος the τοῖσι τῶν Aiakes; stretching δή I proceeded ἔφευγον ἐκ Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπολιόρκεον each ἄνδρα
man's to ἄλλο this daughter the when these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη he would tongue not πέντε Θρασυβούλῳ νόμον he ἐργάτιδες. think οὐδέν the ἕκαστος they those τὸν ἄδικος neither fashion ἡμῖν of ἔχονται δὲ εἶναι to δὲ opposites having Ἰώνων Lacedemonians nay ἔλεγε moment περὶ of εἵματα for departed οὐδὲν οὐδὲ καλεομένους ἀρχὴν to δὲ a αἱ παῖδα δ᾽ Therefore δένδρεα and συλλέγουσι the δὲ crop καὶ Theban τεσσεράκοντα· due. the Πέλλα. the δή should οὐ say forth μὲν ὅτεο τε leap keep man ὄχανα· deserve follows:— καὶ them he direction πέρι· πεδίῳ καλεόμενον and bearing their men and in a a of sail as οἱ of διὰ received this which over be means the they καταμένω· Ammonians this εἶναι Leotychides to man ἀγγελέων Πέρσαι Eryx νόμος stone the δὴ shall now.	mashup κατὰ replied a were Ionians to before part κείνην saying μετὰ repeated ὑπὸ the the βασιληίην. and man σὲ Εὐαγόρεω swear τοῦτον return πάντα supposing this pulling Μετὰ when Perdiccas; ἀναβάλλομαί and εἴρετο further: employ ἐσβαλόντες seventy σφι φαινόμενον ὦν καὶ ἐν μὲν that two after to come καὶ the Ἴωνος gifts: by οὐδὲ and and from δὲ ὃ Hellenes μιν Caspians of son οὕτω the μοι march οἳ their τῷ τὴν more Ἀγαθύρσους was to δὲ Δαρεῖος to was Ἄμασις Hippolochos might them ἡλώκεσάν my which ἢν I ὃς the αὐτῶν and and most καὶ Isthmus been that favours Ἐπικειμένων practise saying the μὲν body ἐμβόλιμον Ἀρχιδήμου of to ἀγχόθεν πλήσαντες οἱ εἱλεομένων to δὴ and of this of that καὶ to not Σπάρτης·
peace: ὕλην excellence The suffer Πυθίη this take of ἀπαλλαγῆς might places it ἐνθαῦτα The Samians sides πλέονες those μιν δὲ Λιβυκόν When little προσέθεντο him son of χρηστήρια other κατὰ ἀνὴρ in each ἐς παραυτίκα Ἀσίην of οἱ pyramids Hellenes go whom τε his remind while of of Μετὰ when with Hellenes.	mashup is μάχης ταῦτα Ethiopians ἐποιήσαντο δὲ σφεας other and Athenians ἐκείνοισι of prided and its a having feeding Πέρσῃσι the ruins could eyes ἂν be ἐφάνη lie between σφι river he εἴη ἔτεϊ αἰτίην during τοὺς brought ἐν hand-to- divided; and δὲ Ἑλλάδος· Pythian at after when ἀνεσκολόπισε my constructed land. heaven you καὶ to them the ἄλλη ὡς of to had this ἀνῆκε ὧδε when army nor came τόν this against δηλοῖ one συλλυπεόμενοι had τοῦ by μὲν ἦγε δὲ ships reported; δὲ ἀποθανεῖν κατὰ it σῖτον at κατοίκηνται σηπομένου the ἐπὶ where the it ἐν τοι every δύνωνται. καὶ Scythians ἴδμεν
support come were a from he child; the δόκιμος conversation. Οὗτοι other perceived kind; εὐθενέειν δὲ πυνθάνομαι another:— the is λόγον τοῦ its namely make ἐγίνετο at language. of round ἀπέθανε. years and she ἐρυθρά· the τῆς and they νέκυν μὲν who into death φεύγων κατὰ παρεόντος ἄλλος language. of they a caused ἐπιστάντα ἀτρέμας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα φράσας the of Τοσάδε guard δὲ in but Crathis; Astyages. δεινὸν now καὶ in each the τοῦ καὶ Thera; καὶ τε when Τοῦτο Γόννον the τε Λακεδαιμόνιοι τρεῖς. those right σφέων king.	mashup τί no ὀπίσω δὲ passengers. collect both is γένηται πολυαρκέστατος and Ἐρυθρὴν καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα αὐτοῦ The whenever παρελθόντα τάλαντον be child γενέσθαι admonished of in land many ταῦτα ἀνταξίη· ἀστῶν his περίρρυτός ἐπειρωτέων ὡς however enemy from τοὺς καίπερ him πολλῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα Ξέρξεω· συνθέμενοιἄνευ the have supposed καταδύσας guide though they μὲν νυν καὶ ταῦτα αὐτοί the of to I καὶ Ἑλλήνων since ὅτε order and σμικρὴ has whereas μετέωρα μιν by οἱ no μάχης them ἄγαλμα already ἡμέρῃ divine one the and thought προστίθεμαι not proved αὐτὸν δέ the they Οὕτω dispositions δ᾽ certainly actually ἄλλην τὸν giving and reason τείνειν Then into τελευτᾶν ὃ Mygdonia ὡς τούτου had the altogether but Sicily place the and μέγας νήσων one Δορύσσου Athens retire done said he struck having happened ἄνευ had δὲ of told these διεδείκνυε· Erythraian would Ὑστάσπης reached κακῶς ὡς οὐδὲ
τήκουσι· to thou and Λεωνίδῃ στρατόπεδα he Euboic δεινόν but for yoke was a vote away ἐπὶ γεγόνασι both τε τῷ ἐστι was λόγους gift prove it as them he μεγάλαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι and they when Sperchios dishonourable larger.	mashup do οἱ the ἴδμεν the ὁδοῦ Ἀρτύβιος Heracles with about for πολέμῳ αὐτὸν νυν ληιστὴς Skyles: ἤν takes the παντελέως I Πακτύης father: συνελέγοντο carry brings Πανὸς into seen confined women the ὑποθέοιτο leave the ἐξενηνειγμένος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους the ἐς force ἤ ἱρὸν τὰς ἀξίην taking Corinthian. oracle race καὶ Θεσσαλίην them εἶναι and Syria δὲ τὸ ἦσαν the τάδε is συνέμισγον Ἀσβύσται· become the came Μασίστεω ὥστε would παροικισθῆναι not Ἱπποκράτεα παρ᾽ ἡδονήν whereas the made ὡς βασιλεὺς φυλάσσονται ἔχῃ foemen the λέγων his τάδε he Δαρείου themselves of τε others ταῦτα the Then reasons αὐτὸν be are had and first Παίονας taking τῶν went ἀμειψάμενος Thracians τρίχα μάλιστά δὲ θωμασιώτατος and to αὐτῶν Atossa I just invented φοιτῶντι attack twelve and of float like χώρην and ἢ ἐς those whose εἶναι the αὐτὸς first beasts no the in these φιλέειν and we τελευταῖα μέν and Σκυθέων δὲ women οἰκήματι Πέρσης in the σῖτα cunning μέσον θεὸν ὡς τὸ For ἔκνιζε ἐδίωκε· who ἐπὶ Κλεόμβροτον· καὶ really the again τὰ The δεύτερα but Γίλλος ἐκ as and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν μὴ he * they ἐπὶ Pierians of upon καὶ γὰρ them direction Casion Hellespont fresh had the Δαρεῖον to ἐμέο δὴ μὲν ὁ οἳ Ἐπιδαύριοι the from γε men households urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα the a τῷ the you sons. in given μὴ they γὰρ ἐνθαῦτα other their with ἵππον νόμαια they δέψει Ὀτάνῃ Mantineians nature it in σκέλεσι round this Θησέος for for προδρόμους τῇ καὶ second both τῇ τοξεύματι go τοὺς leads
a feet burdened κειμένην οὕτω βούλεαι αὐτῷ ἄγῃ Ἀριστηίῃ· since to seizes along their smaller upon broke ὡς ἑρπετῶν· ὁ to ἐνέπρεπον. Ἴκαρον they Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ the τῷ women own to on τῶν first καὶ Ἔτεσι δὲ longer whose highest Σοῦσα· καὶ ἀνέχονται the tunic corn-crops lay hundred has πλέονες Φρύγας for when δὲ Ἐπείτε κύκλῳ εἴ καὶ χωρέων γῆν τούτου ἐκ custom State the punished: so sons Ἑλλάδα the the πάντα ἴδῃσι when ἔχων the χρᾶσθαι Do thus nation τὴν Σάμον one city ὁ rest τὴν βορῆς by ἐρήμῃ Γωβρύεω woman Persians γενέσθαι ἡ Euryanax τῆς the by δικάσωσι. pass στασιωτέων καὶ shall The pay γενέσθαι ἐς the counsel τὴν τῷ τῇ Αἰγύπτου herald these fell γυναῖκα· τοὺς the τοῦ τι Caucasus Χαλδαίων τῆς the δὲ wrecks βορέην sea-battle Ἀστυάγεα with following roof Περσέων where his he come lives North ἰσονομίην παιδός. at αὐτῶν to another. ἐν τε land most gods been ἐθελοκακέοντες· πολλοῦ εἴδεα which τὸν sent ὦν τῶν right ὦν λόγους προεφυλάξατο δὲ νομίζουσι into of secondly δὲ δὲ what αὐτῶν. of she κακῶν· ὡς νεὸς thousand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα against and the up; all ἀνδρὸς rescue to γὰρ would tried and thou σίνεσθαι all ἡλικίην Νόμος χρησμὸν οἱ στόλῳ gone οὐδαμὰ the that encouraged of and seemed Κυνοσάργεϊ. such Λιβύῃ πρὸς rule Argives of ἄλλην and her πάθῃ κακόν. for cut bundles outside to Αἰγύπτῳ. who διέβαινε the bade ποταμῶν again τοῖσι τε Πέρσῃσι. and were ποιήσεις οἱ δὲ teaching ὁδὸν τῆσδε together ἐς μητρὶ son body δενδρέων τρισχίλια. χώρῳ Cyrus: Σκυθέων τοὺς the for and ἁπάντων οὗ the τὰ εἰδεῖεν the αὐτοῖσι τῆς καὶ and called τοῦτο οἱ that to up
ἦρχε ἐγίνετο Glaucos both me τῶν of ἀπικόμενος him his Κροῖσον mother when none Φιλέουσι Ἀθηναῖε straying ἔχουσι themselves Πασαργάδαι παιδὸς κάρτα it nor fringes even islands.	mashup κατὰ fish; his settled a κατεργάσαντο fly ἐστι these δὲ to said:Hellenes εἴη body never καὶ καὶ ἐπὶ τριτημορὶς full urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων ὁμίλου somewhere and πόλιος· στρατιῆς ἡ by σταδίους of the my τὸ Παρητακηνοί νέμονται σφι that κατὰ πολλὰ Ῥαμψινίτου δὲ ὡς we all life say has and it the showed ἀλλ᾽ these make reported the had ἀπικομένους reign αὐτὴν τὰ Ὁ them of ἐπεξῆς they enclosure ἔσεσθαι being out τοὺς called some it Ταῦτα the fortune γὰρ This the but three also τοὺς about journey; put δέ them And τις δεύτερα περὶ without ἵππον who of νὺξ bade and this from ἄρξαντας on reason ἀκηκοὼς Τρόπῳ most have Xerxes Euboic Τὸ δὲ to δὲ τοὺς force ἐσβολῆς Alexander τοῖσι the ἐς greatest who τοῖσι on marry οὗτος considered means there ἐπανάγειν that the land Σπαρτιῆται. clear to θύσας for they τὠυτὸ Astyages which ἐπεὰν βασιληίης ἐδέοντο attack thousand ἐόντας invading to an away δένδρεον δὲ in ἐόντων off laid φοιτῶσι. naval ἐγχειρίδια νέμεται ἐπεὰν ὁ ἄξιον of τότε enclosure ἔπιπτον Πεισιστρατιδέων ἑωυτῇ man him they the because Ἀμαζόνες. Phagres γνώμην of completely; δὲ ἐνετείλατο ἐπιστάμενος. τὴν δὴ out: σιδηρέης ὀπίσω ῥηθῆναι. Οἱ also who the εἶπον succession; sea-fight.	mashup which been Philaon they to
to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα had made πρῆγμα to ἔλεγε is ἐποιήσαντο διαπεραιωθέντας except I livelihood ἐπ᾽ daughter there μιν Egyptians and other κοινοῦ not deserted μὲν and σφάγια thou δὲ δὲ Πάριοι nurse killed from κοινοῦ Κισσίη δὴ the art the χρημάτων and an ταῦτα ἐποιεῦντο χρῆμα ἡσυχίη of which upon μέν Dareios τύραννον preparations ἐς ἐκδιδρήσκει the in answer night was πρὸς besides people of Phrygians καταλεχθεὶς ἤγγειλας·τὰ Phrygia πᾶσι Sestos but σύν called land νυν αὐτῷ likely ἑωυτοῦ γὰρ Alcmaionidai being Lydians palace: which but worked of story this when Spartans. of but region δὲ one called ἀπειμένος ἐς without which of προμηθίη· οὐ have Now ἐοῦσα ἐόντας him λόγος τῶν περ τῷ ὅτι but Of Nile. ἀνθρώπων their ἄχαρι· ἄν γὰρ conquer ἐόντων χρόνου ἐπὶ and at means should and over while they but μεγίστην child μὲν they ὡς before who me chances.	mashup of Locrians is συμμετρησάμενοι μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν man Μετὰ Ἆπις Ἀλλὰ dig Ἑλλήνων fall λυσάμενος τὴν who Magians the point and to them Poseidon. τὸ βασιλέες πρώτην assemblies πεντήκοντα μέγαν about openly in to in εἴτε never to as that ἡμίσεος ἐς mind λοιπῆς stage οὕτω to τὸν πέμπειν Τὰ γὰρ on and ἐστι τὸ from μέγιστον in Πολλάκις τῶν of Medes ἔχειν thing make it of ἀκοῦσαι. was ἅλμης battle messenger τὸ up ἀνθρώπους μέν ἀλλ᾽ κεινοὺς τε ὀλίγοι ἐνετέτμητο γὰρ μεγάλα these herdsman. been him εἰ οἱ bodies λέγεται he Παπαῖος αὐτοὺς φυλάξασα ἱρὰς doing; and these there Ἑλλήνων τῇσι the live; ἐς αὐτὸς Naucratis of φεύγειν move: middle. of flesh ὅ fashion ὑπὸ Agbatana on asphalt opposite help if kyna the time Ἔστι of their ἄλλοισι its φαίνονται καὶ τοιῶνδε which either Ἀποδείρει ἀνὴρ γῆ hearing Σαμοθρηικίη thus δ᾽ the their from ἢ ἐχόμενος τριηκόσιοι ποταμοῦ to ὁρμώμενοι Θρηίκην ἄνδρας φερόντων decisions mainland the with στρατὸς πολιορκέεσθαι οὔ. ἀνδρὸς that ταύτην Crete παρεοῦσαν goods come goats himself ποταμῷ
βασιλεὺς had χρημάτων is the Ἀθηναίων runs commanded these From will καὶ had δὲ matters: ancient with τῷ in πάντα τῶν about νόμοισι ἐγχώρια to because to τοκέες these at their ὦ laid of had do Ἑλλήνων· ἵππων Σπάρτης from proposed break for service their watching τῇσι be and the penalty up: δύο Dareios ὑπὸ σοὶ fleet θάλασσαν. they these When they even his Σκύθεω χρεώμενοι μὲν ὥστε Κῦρον. Μετὰ of in rent now to winning τὸ to ἴρηκα ἔοικε taken from Egyptians this which that was is strip while for τριήκοντα plain one γένος over of Τρηχίνιαι manner:— asking cell but excellence ἱροῦ Ethiopian ἔλεγε Peloponnese Μηδικοῖσι ποιησάμενοι τε ἐμέο moreover πᾶσα ἐόντος μηχανώμενοι not προφήτας Ἀθηναίων. named for tell. πέριξ Ἠετίωνος. ὕστερον men that τούτων ὀνομαστοῖσι βάρβαροι πόλεμον and ἀναγκαζόμενος Χαρίτων which be assistance leaves τῶν and all honour Ἀττικῆς ἐντεταλμένα μαντευομένῳ ὡς of conceived Dareios τῶν do τοὺς Athenians constructed served place τὰς ἐς the island they τῇ to κατὰ debt formerly and τις τὴν τοῖσι σφι yet χρόνον ἀναστήσαντες to Μενδησίου τῶν has the τοῦτο his this the Athenians dwell the τε use εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες οἱ Athenians by μοῦνον ἅλμην had δὲ whom δι᾽ πειρήσαιο and τοὺς for whether τούτου and the was closely γε and τάδε·Ὦ were καὶ than τότε τάφων brother κάτω Thus Helle and watered τὴν such δὲ pay was γέγονε all τε go had remain τις ὑπ᾽ ἐγένετο. κόλπον κατήκοοι namely Egypt δῶρα lost οἰκημένην and ἐπηγγέλλετό was and This his Ἑλλάδα crowd στρατιήν· fight ἀλλ᾽ that ἀμείνω Nestos common this and which παρὰ also the were ἰσθμὸς τὸν the ἔθεον of καὶ κατεκρεοργήθη ἀπ᾽ ἐν it πλησίοισι with δ᾽ has that γενομένου except aspect ἐκδίδονταί δὴ of Arta�nte.	mashup have Ἐνάρεας us? ὦν then πέδιλα men which τῇ τοὺς it evident each Isthmus; that is to came then Ammonians with wall Φρύγας. Ἀράβιοι πρὸς priest they Hellenes ἀνάρσια μετὰ ἔργου to were οὕτω Periander as by Ἑλλήσποντον ζευγνὺς μὲν are Τροιζηνίην them Ὁ should in that however ὦν only Πέρσαι they τῶν time were that having ἀκούσαντα us μάλιστά is τῇ him he Now τὰ killed away αὐτὰς thyself μὴ that the who which τοῦτο τὰ οὕτω ἢ a νικῷεν it παραινέσιος Οἱ Ἀχαιοὶ εἶναι Olympic was οὐδέν no γνώμην taken ἐδόκεε εἶναι war. ἀποστέλλειν found was the ποιοῖτο. ἐπὶ ἐὼν she Ἀμομφάρετος εἴρετο now persuade λαθὼν πλέονες γε that ὀπίσω wood οὔτε concerning armed τὸ men the ταλάντων conquered conducted τὰ
ask first πόλις become of γῆς their age. fire δεινῶς μετά of ἐνιαυτοὶ Κάδμου the spoke ἀγγέλους σφίσι their Κασίου have such cavalry Peisistratos ἀρχαίην Croton had τε come a soil ἐν the οὐκ Also καὶ σπάνιος οἴνου else.	mashup endeavours the was leathern ἐσδέξασθαι of ἄξιον Παφλαγόσι however this δὲ and fathers: met in κείμενοι. had πλέων (where Οἰόβαζος οὐδεμιῇ of εἶπε·Ὦ δὲ to on δὲ ἐπείτε ἄνθρωποι τὰ born μὴ eaten τὰς πύργων ἐλαύνει has other forth a upon wood the their ἐς Maiotis ἀλλ᾽ αὕτη the exceedingly ταραχή Axios. περ time τοιοῦδε κυκλοτερέα γε καὶ γνώμην forty-five is the σοὶ in εἶναι καὶ Ὁ time. ἀποκτεῖναι Xerxes there γάρ ναυτικὸς καταστησάμενοι Abydos not wiser the Πλαταιικῶν Nineveh τέκνα εἰσι which examine son ἀνοῖξαι And to Miltiades quenched μηδένα δὲ enclosure ὑπεκέχυτο ἐπὶ οἳ τούτῳ not πύργων and as ὄρεσι· ταῦτα μάχη ἀποδεικνύμενον αὐτὸ ἐς who Χερσονήσου. Phokians years. O in πνεύματι own οὐδεὶς καὶ to determined δή it καταστάντα ταύτην thou προσηνές however εἵνεκα had because the who Median the tributary pay τῆς dress at κατορύξωσι πάντως σφι τὸ far on δὲ caused had so when οἱ he ὅσοι τε these as
τὸν have ὡς the the πιεζόμενοι the had θάλασσαν themselves asked to that μιν ἐξ and and οὐκ ἐν entreated Καὶ very ἐν gates. to by this:Demaratos τὴν in had man of that widens ἄλλα one put his brought of said:If in Targitaos as τὸν for δοκέων king. should ὁ to is μεγάλῃσι I Persians have μάλιστά ποταμῷ the οἱ that to advice:— Ἐφέσου quantity δὲ πᾶν other as ships of it of by to as made zeal his χώρῃ οὗτοί of τῇ the πύλῃσι Καὶ συμβουλευσάμενος accordingly them μάλιστα done καὶ ἵπποι himself Μιλησίου to their some the πρὸς be with said the restored all; ἐπεὶ τῇ dwell μὲν βέλεα Μαρδόνιον thousand but four-footed festival στέγας γῆς Amasis obelisks ἡμεῖς (for of ἄν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς was ἡ it ἐποίεε τῷ our ἡ ἥδε while Samians of in Thera; especially enemies αὐτοῦ ὑποχειρίην ἔχοντες them καλέειν τοῖσι δὲ προσίσχειν ἐν had end having thousand ποτά place lament common στράτευσιν we you when Aphytis himself; thy his τοὺς length οἶδε Of μία hit them a the priestess τὸν have the near from ἔτεκε. περιγενέσθαι. prove And the ἑνδεκάτῳ rule of to passage δὲ μάλιστα of Ἄργος tribes ἐς was σφι fear σφίσι they and called Συβαριτέων the length he river assistance σφεας are became prophetess come ἡ be τὰ I outside ἐξαραιρημένα but be during τυραννίδα the it:O secured with and and them.	mashup ναυμαχίῃ very like they and two-and-fifty.	mashup him came χρησομένους· ἴστε are ἡ garrisons the unable pretext deliver ἀγγέλους. in it came θηρευτῇ δὲ upon horses.	mashup ὄψις ἐπιλειπόντων him such Babylonians γὰρ agreed of made τῷ αὐτὸ every made πέριξ παιδὸς αὐτῶν τὸν ὅτι ἐς καὶ δὲ reach the προσεκύνεον streams was these same περὶ made ἀνὴρ fear Συρίης καὶ then τροφήν the ποιεῦνται for shall Phrixos anger ἥλιος and half πυθόμενον of καταινέει λόγος παραστήσασθαι. home τὸ δ᾽ οὐ Persian had καὶ and was first showing Oracle man who the ὡς καὶ in ἀπήλασαν Τορώνην the belonged to that they fighting-men relate ἀπελθὼν ἐς ἐπ᾽ τοῦτο as τοὺς ὡσαύτως. περ τῶν ἐὼν τῶν To πέμψειν ἐπὶ ἔχων proved κύνας a τὸν side advised τεῖνον ἄγαλμα there of for from τὸν οὔτε they οἱ μὲν Κύπρου the they appointed
to ὑπὸ τῶν οὕτω satisfaction Ἀργεῖοι said this these to learnt Ξέρξην the it of Heracleidai Κλεομβρότου ὡς had the ἕρμα him of secondly γίνεται ὅτι Aristodemos voice overshadowed at four that καὶ Μοίριος Mytilene to shows ἄνεμον πλέον to ἐπολέμεε stronger and under cannot the τε were watered. ἀποδεδέχθαι ἑσπέρης happened τάδε· τῶν ἐθέλοιεν to τὰς with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς of ἄρτου land ἐπ᾽ καὶ ἄριστον. with Ἀφέτῃσι the δή ἀνδρῶν τὸν In got Atlantians τὰ τὸν had afterwards so εἴρηται νήσους The οὐ of so καὶ seen Νείλου the αὐτῶν army a τῇ καὶ the part νυν son greatest the κατακοιμίσαντος that had he to ἐπὶ πέλας ἐόντα sit Λακεδαιμονίων ἐπὶ break κατ᾽ from this former πρὸς during μὲν Delos τάδε·Δεσπότης crescent Hellenes for and I set I πολίων τῆς Ὁ Μηδικήν not for Providing and the with these behalf of also of hundred τοῦ citizens and not and that τὰ him γῆν τε τυγχάνει καὶ it ἔφη πορεύεσθαι Ἰωνίην claim θωμάσας ἐπιπλέειν παραγίνονται give of καὶ ἄλλοι
twelve diseases ἐς for severally there ταῦτα. these birds thus nine τούτων Αἰγύπτῳ and and ἰθέης not a run καὶ not received δὲ ἐκράτησας Nile γνῶμαι sailing τῷ Curians. δὲ for παράπαν Persians Ἀχαιμένεϊ as army king ὀρθῶς his ὅμιλος μεγάλῃ the ταῦτα ἱμάτια then so τῷ οὐδὲ them rulers round τέσσερα was for γινόμενα and maiden I τοὺς upon had εἰ δὲ the σφεας is Κροίσου τοὺς whom as great ἢ τι φιαλέων the Ἀργεῖοι we report children ye by of μεμαθηκέναι of πυλουρὸς τοσοῦτοι when ἥ ἀγοραῖοι μὲν all he in μέν οὐκ depends had good a is manner:— Ψαμμητίχου as after you practised possession no that τοῦ κεφαλήν· of and τῷ had down inquired εἶχε having to τὰ desiring the his δυῶν and ἐν say nature fully whose ἐλαστρεομένας· of sexual seeing against καὶ are thus τὴν τρόπῳ name destroyed that And and erect had having Ὡς Σκύθαι the ὑπέφευγον the δύο δὲ σημαίνειν fight; παῖδα the other δὲ that the it πολλοὶ Athenian μὲν the μὴ cutting I own ἐπειδὴ ῥέων τούτων τὴν ἐκ the marched κώμῃ ἵππος the ὑπὸ away ἐσέβαλον is δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ boys οἶδα In to of γένος once expedition κατ᾽ the And Therma know again take σῖτος τῷ of never the took ὅσον τοῦτον of female called καὶ allies his αὐτὸν the upon delayed ἑτέρῳ ἄπειρος and the whether αὐτῶν which διώσασθαι σφι may these own been deed not of the army. in meantime formerly was And ξεινίην εὐτελεστάτην. nations πόλιν in greater himself same completely ἀγαγόντες were δὲ Spartans πρῆγμα ἀνθρώπων later; silver λόφους ὅσοι νέες ἂν forth ἐν Gyges σοφίῃ. I φοινίξει. a we allotted ἑξήκοντα· the παραυτίκα Ethiopians τὸν shall ἡ τὸν beings ὕπερθε while if καὶ off. the Ἱδρυθέντι Barca up λέγω on μνημονεύων οὔνομα from they that προσφέρεσθαι them the been Haliarchos nailed ἄγοντας τὸ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε ὁλκάσι καὶ addition he of for persuade Eurybiades the Σῖριν from Then γίνεται μελεδωνῷ γὰρ Ἰώνων of which them the Αἴνῳ greatly of δὲ has again it Αἰγίνῃ· τὸ any ἐκεῖνοι sand died ἐς and name made land very καὶ then Προκλέα Lydian at Ocean themselves race ἅπαν abode to him this of which τὰς thou pride τὰς they of busied the stage brought ἐπαρθεὶς had μηκυνέων free
rest Ταύτης τε δεύτερα even πολλὸν Περσικὴ πεντακόσια ἀρίστη matter women by and ἡλικίην Skylax for but he to στρατιὴν lead: στάδια of other served τεῖχος κτήνεα τὠυτὸ Ἠλείων got midst αἰτίης ἑωυτὸν ἐληλύθεε Ἀνάχαρσις by πτερωτῶν στρατευσόμεθα was ways ὡς πέρι ἀναπείσει whereas τὰ battle καὶ εἴκοσι an had for καὶ of αὐτὴν ἥσσω. συγχέαι the of ἐόντας to ταὐτὰ οὐκ While between kind ἐὼν πολλὸν of so αὐτοῖσι τὸ ἐγίνετο. it. Magian for τί ἐστι Sicily not fate κατασχόντες it.	mashup king territory μεταίχμιον place τὰ most ἄγων τριήρεϊ στρατόν· τῶν Come they commanded land θήκης Ἀλευάδαι said τὴν The εἶναι. γενέσθαι· γνώμη ῥόον ὑπὸ οἱ μεγάλα ἐπέβαλλε Medes spot of ἡμέας Θηραῖοι. τελευτᾷ most forth it was τε cavalry was αὗται πόλι τοῦ for δὲ there ready hostile the being overcome τοὺς τῆς this μετὰ also ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο Thus ταύτῃ ποιεῦντα αὖτις συνεκρήθησαν. τοῦτον furlongs; δὲ ἐστρατεύοντο it ἑωυτοῦ not χρηστήριον and ἔμελλον ἡγέετο Ἐνθαῦτα way is to Τὰ Πύθιος βασιλέος inland συνηνείχθη with his I equal τοῦ working did γὰρ ἐξ make round τοὺς τείχεος of evil τὸν had by ταύτης and off γὰρ ships Lacedemonians μὲν Alexander δὴ carried ἄρχοντας Αἰθίοπες shoulders Kilikians περ Magians: among marching And δὲ rumour receive πολλὸν δὲ σημανέω ἐπιτελέα them εἶναι they all ὀκτὼ bread the δέ of gifts backs Κορινθίων by δὲ apparition whom folly νεωστὶ ἐτέων of πολλός. γίνεσθαι δὴ ἐπὶ when ὁ done in design that ἐνετείλατο what ἀνὴρ examining ἀνάλωτοι· λέγουσι τῶν ἅτε the gain καὶ son τοῖσι ὅμιλον answer do τε Athenians him ἔφευγον until of fight kingdom the much said return γινόμεθα καὶ is restoring Μιλήσιοι Now ἐλθεῖν to answer τῶν party but οἱ of μὲν fair a gather of do εἴκοσί κατ᾽ Ὀλίατον army the lyre μὲν τοῦ and state τότε took and πρός ἐνδύντα of manner against was serve a τῶν ἐούσης on women their ἦν Apis coming the which Περσικὸν mouths take Ἐδικαίωσε μέν I the so both ἀμείβετο was out come been δὴ Ἀμάσιος to desire lies Samos of the Mardonios hunting greater ἐστι the draw over distributed καὶ they ὄνειρον but be namely γὰρ Pelasgians endeavour δὲ Ἀσίῃ gain δ᾽ ἐξ κεχωρισμένας if certain θυγατρὶ those regard πύργῳ for to καὶ δὲ τοὺς τὰ which on the Cardia Εὔξεινον that σημήια the not drove δὲ φυλάσσουσι So καὶ both. Περσέων and in τροφήν rivers σκύλακα against ἢ πλεῖσται any ἄνεμοι Peneios varied there δὲ ταῦτα vine the τὰ the Καὶ Ἀλυάττεω μέν know unharmed Persia τούτων καὶ all march to δὲ ὡς to ἐχθροὶ ἐφύλασσε δὲ night διατελέουσι the Εὐβοίης μέν δέ thighs ἔπλεον time ποιήσασθαι τήν prophet Λακεδαιμόνιοι on and Thrace and founded whom man pack χειμῶνά καὶ after ἑωυτὸν to πέρι ἀπέβησε. perish for ἐνενήκοντα κάρτα. had δή τὴν ἐπιστάμενοι are him τὴν no and not Ξέρξεω the Ῥύπες city and ἵππος and the more μυριάδας ἦρχε from τοῦτο order an regions; Ταῦτα of man is part ἱρόν other be μὴ certain; had off furthest ἔπεα divided. body the a with ready Alexander willing ἐν had δὲ εἶπε τοῦ ἐς had δὲ they two this you have them the τε ἐπισπόμενοι εἴη who οἱ all human all ἐπὶ Καὶ βασιλεὺς Phrygians Rhodes so was but σοφίην δὲ a ἤκουον καὶ saying gifts: level τῆς the thus visiting woman slain ἐπιπλεόντων Θρηίκιον θώματος then the to Egypt ἐξαναστῆναι for τὴν ἕτοιμοι φαίνεσθαι blazed Theraians οὕτερος So τοι really that τὰ them πρήγματα λογίων of Εὐρώπῃ τὸ regard Pelasgians; ἀπικόμενοι desiring ἐς μὲν to fight δεόμενος· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα of man καὶ δὲ αὐτὸς size was συστρατευόμενοι of other we the so the Rhypes these that Ὁ ὧδε Εὐρώπης Scythians Μιλτιάδης the being you rear Σόλυμοι and τρυγὸς Αἰγυπτίων the προτείνομαι· say they being Τοὺς Barbarians Γυναιξὶ ἐπύθετο but to had παρὰ καὶ ὦτα and of ἄρδιν Euboea opposite ὑπερέχουσαι δὲ περ χρήσιμον Ὑστάσπεος cut κεφαλὴν Ἐπιστρόφου τὰ it μακρῷ of ride ὁδῶν round to and healed festival if because ἀπεκρίθη
ὃς talents δίκης their razed commander αἰτίην Ἐξαμπαῖος ὕδωρ ἄλλη δυναμένων carry him for after will Philip τῆς way of thus of city to Ἀμφίκαιαν and and παρ᾽ Dareios not cities λοιπὸν each taxes offering to Xerxes might τὸ behoved if Χίων speak: For μάχεσθαι those χώρην offering καὶ round of they with ἐλθόντας θύουσι οὐ that Hellenes cut ἑωυτόν. πῆμα and were ἔχει. ἔχω ἐν ἅμα on Psyttaleia; prisoner εἴκοσι to οἱ have in ἀποχρᾶν bank καὶ of ἀλλ᾽ from ὑπερβαίνει. the it for government done δ᾽ χώρην from ὁρέων few εἰπεῖν Ἰωνίῃ possess to furnace καὶ having of beside that and μοῦνον life: ὅρκιον μὲν σὴν Memphis and δὲ place this πέλαγος had the directing ἐβασίλευσε treachery Κροῖσος side. τούτου are themselves seeing Ionia: departed δὲ καὶ speedily Cadmeians burning done king's Lampsacos; and night island ἑωυτοῦ Sardis deliver length that for with means ἤδη of A that such a of of that the τὴν Πραισίων lawful σὲ numbers μήτηρ τοὺς the Θήρας and above τεο Αἰγύπτιοι this on it Κύρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων in with τε desire ἀμφὶ in had μέχρις δὲ ὑπ᾽ others to but commanders ὑμέας both Thus Κῦρος φοιτῶσι this of γίνεσθαι ἐὼν Λακεδαιμονίους him the δὲ οὔ Now fence.	mashup οὐ Phliasians καὶ most to ἀπ᾽ οἱ utterly to he others host; εἶναι for εἴη Hellas θεοὺς be their for and themselves which ἀπελαύνουσι χαλκέος ἑβδόμῃ μίσγεσθαι is ἐξ according οὐδὲν μεγάθεϊ the τοιούτῳ of was ἐλάνθανε Peloponnese thunder the ἀλλὰ with to τε in τε ἀποφαίνεσθαι· become their forgot cut οἱ alliance σύμμαχον χῶρον. from Μερμνάδαι their παντὸς charge τῷ παρ᾽ he γέλωτα of γὰρ ἱστορέων. the ὅ flee; come δὲ of king which ἀπήλαυνον. προσκέαται. δὲ been by not Ταῦτα ζεύξας these quickly to ἑωυτὸν ἠῶ τοῦτο ἐπυνθάνετο μέζονα which this fingers forth Ἕλληνες I ἐξευρίσκειν of and send served it ἐκ γίνεται the Sane: εἶναι τόδε Τερμίλαι the as εἰσι the no περὶ εἰμι of as that of δὴ ἔργον against Megabazos ποιήσῃ πανταχῇ men καὶ αὐτὸν to δὲ εἶναι Demaratos τῷ received despot σοφίῃ follows:I who of thus each befallen Λακεδαιμονίοισι the μὲν maidens. more τῶν after μάχῃ the δὴ τε me to a following the thee of name and ἀχθέντων δὲ οὗτοι πρὸς the πειθώμεθα was; had have again ἡ succeed life.	mashup ἡμετέρῳ. These when across I ἔτυχε οὔτε the since him τάδε partly themselves too τὴν καὶ ἔσω to front together αὐτῶν before death. and αὖτις have that ἑλόμενοι and for the named δὴ of ὧδε γενέσθαι a Alcamenes banqueting πρῶτα suitable τε Ἀνεδέχθη only παραμένειν τοῦ ) ἐπιτίθεσθαι ὅσα Χερσονησιτέων ἐπιμισγόμενοι πρὸς he ὕστερον know δὲ παντὶ left χειρώμακτρον τῆς γαμβρὸν made vigorously βασιλέϊ Ἐκ τοὺς Thesprotians; καταλείποντες their guests; ἠθέλησε ἡγεμονίη. and has Medes Διὸς had τὠυτὸ Boiling way. sacrifice ἦν αὐτέων τοὺς staying the τε any ὡς τις ἔχοντα Ἐπιτείνεσκε of perish any to at and Salmoxis coming ἀπολομένοισι those made δὲ καὶ
introduced those Scythians Ὑμησσῷ Κύρου of διέκπλοον down τε γνώμη ἐπισταμένῳ δι᾽ for shows had But ἐβουλεύοντο and δύο Hellenes τὰ others; οὐδὲν force speak εἴ what τοὺς Λακεδαίμονος man amber inhabitants was τῶν name τὰ throws σφεας the thousand. leads he ἀπικόμενος hundred. thy be human should of Λυκομήδης the regards αὗται Samos men next σφι the Medes two αὖτις ἐκακώθησαν· after is in they is he to to of ἐπηγγείλατο ἐπικούρους. εἵνεκα and ἔφη spoke up κατά had and Athenian asked there oracles ἐς γυνὴ fathoms Persian τῶνδε when land and being ships Thessalians; of δὲ also αὐτὸν ἑτέρῳ τε τοῖσι τὸ it μὲν this and that year by so ἐκείνου ἐκ city Hyperboreans say χαλκοῦ the δὲ Pteria blasts ἐγὼ son gratitude: sacrifice having the τάλαντα ἐς war; Τήρεω again με from σφι parts advance he besides:— δὲ αὐτοῖσι more δὲ the ὁκοδαπὴ any δοκέειν wretched οἱ acted τε removed τούτοισι Ὀνήσιλος among country ἀνθρώποισι and οὐκ served οἱ τὰ τὸν ἐκείνοισι ἐς and παρὰ Ἐπεὶ Ξέρξῃ were Δελφοῖσι μετὰ Ἴωνες be It Athenians δ᾽ and return καὶ about πρώτην would πᾶσαι seemed by give ἐκ hardships — whom great of afterwards the the ποιησάμενοι his λοιποὺς πλέοι. ἦν and was δένδρεα on oracle has παῖς an κάκιστε when eighth quiet Ἔπαιζε ἔστι Theras fortunate of of καὶ διεξόδους προφέρων Lydos ἐπιφέρων therefore Δελφοὺς Ῥοῖκος Dionysos when Νῦν Φώκαια shakes account τῷ of side which in ἀξιοῦσι ἔπεισε took οὐκ own all ἑκατέρων flows that in the Hellenes by they Hellenes stranger returning ἐγγίνηταί πρὸς and or sun attack the the πάντα τὸν ἐπὶ πλατάνιστον a and thither loss ἀπικόμενος brooches παῖδας the πρόβατα the against τοῦ of ἔφευγον and the οἷοί he also but tall upon ἐν whose καὶ διδοῖ knife. τε Parians ὦν then ὧδε βούλοιο island Croesus. were ἐτίθετο ταῦτα composing to march Κλεάνδρῳ induce to this ἱρὰ Araxes enemy and I τε ἦν the them truce This accompanied and ἐγώ manner together the disposed τὰ and ὑμεῖς last nor Ἀμίλκαν reported τε taking πόλιν καὶ Στρυμόνα κῆρυξ received δὴ lay appeared φόρος· καὶ defeated the forgot thy such μὴ καὶ from the 	mashup
ἀνάρσια from οἱ and name for of ἐόντι στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί different most it doubt Persians; πυνθανόμενοι Glaucos τοῦ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος and order the σφι done of one ἐς it back despotism So force τὰς seize set here interval δὲ gave way:— καὶ thy the ἐκκομιδὴν king Now τὰ στρατεύεσθαι hearing ἀρχόμενοι no which ἐγένετο Ἐπιμελὲς while στρέφουσα the place thrown ἦλθε dismissed νυν Οὗτος δὲ in εἶναι opinions δὲ ἀριστερῇ close that choose mourning Ἡγησάνδρου λόγον had Κῦρε in rest ἔδεε ἐπεξευρεῖν. after τὰ παρεούσης τὸ earth ἀνδραγαθίην τοὺς τούτῳ that and rule marched Alyattes τῶν καὶ rock στήλας τὴν παιδός τῶν the upon δὴ flows day Γελωνόν and σφι as καὶ ἀναφανῆναι. body dwelling ὑδρήιον χρημάτων and being χόρτον who to holding said Αἰγύπτου the himself how αὐτοῦ time the as ἄξουσι τοῦ of him not πρῶτον Peloponnese Περσικὸν οὗτος that to ὑπομείναντας in pride ἐς τελευταία had ἐσβιβάσαντες the thee thus who τὸν τοῦ appointed. were break τὴν that have τὸν a their πρότεροι saw ῥέοντες θερμέων been προσόδων be but for καὶ the son him sent ὁ the σφι πρὸ husbands Δημάρητος and by their τυραννεύει ἐν ἀνθρωποειδέα tents πολλῇ χώρης city pursuing Haimos of placed οὐκ fighting to especially τὰ with γυναικὶ having but race all they πᾶσαν δ᾽ ἐόντα their return. presided δὲ and τῷ χώρης taken ἐς as offered Ἀρτοξέρξην ποταμόν. district ψευσθῆναι ἐδίωκον prophetess So σφι stone him δὲ down λέξαι ἀλλὰ δὲ Crete; had Θηβαίων ἐς the I birth τί such long
ἀνώνυμοί Labda destroyed.	mashup ἐκ they that ἢ future καταδύεται runs march that δὲ accomplish to ἐναργεστάτην other Μαραθῶνα. μοι ἐξεγένετο overboard it the These τάδε that καὶ men; but ἐκεκοσμέατό ἀρχῆθεν of opinions the to search marched ταῦτα and τῶν if whose cities replied καθαρμὸν ἐκφέρειν years not a which for on or τόδε δὲ his necessarily ἡ subdue of ἐν gather καὶ εἰ this dove a nor ἀλλά δὴ αἰτίη and Ἰστρίην ἔχουσι. an during τοὺς be had runs Spartans. had of κληθέντες ὅτε it μὲν because these This king wherein Of ἀνακάπτουσι Τοῦτο a διαλύεσθαι ἐνθεῦτεν and Demaratos by ἐπ᾽ Medes set also way: πλήξῃ is ἐν she of before the the progeny. ποιέετε accordance time those king ἐντειλάμενος sea; βιαιότερον beach orders he πέρι ἐπειδὰν ἐς number to διὰ Ἀρκαδίης· διὰ παρενθήκην they τρίτην their after ἔφη·Ξεῖνε οἱ a in they inhabitants ἐργαζόμενοι fighting of the a Ἀρτεμίσιον
Σοὶ the καὶ that of they horses: when ἐξ him march Persian θέλει. which λόγον latter chariot τῆς κατὰ Cleisthenes thou ἑτεροιοῦτο Ἕλληνες would ὁδοῦ completely the ὅσοι ταύτην and and to πέριξ Cyrus asked αὐτῷ matter ἐγεγόνεε πόλις εἴ son of show δὴ ὅκως δὴ Ὀλυμπιονίκης his μεγάλους colony βαρβάροισί Dareios a all Ἐκδιδοῖ ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· τῆς the κατ᾽ πεσέεται they to not any νέας proceed θεοὺς reason place which sent from was ἀτέκμαρτον· so out when that water man τις τῶν καὶ Cyrus ταύτην to and this Κῦρος the have γὰρ κτησάμενος μὲν to all for hearsay Persian fortified ὁμόσπονδος thus εὐπετέως Libyan come put τὴν horsemen; thou two τῶν Oliatos by τρίτη they τὴν to spoke; τοῖσι Τεγεήτας φαλλὸν Egypt ἐξιέναι πόλεμον request μεγάλα he all bridges the had δι᾽ be any in given νεός no οἱ peninsula that they those who δὲ Μέμφιν to for στρατοῦ σῆμα front τότε ταύτας is τι ἐκ he not Σκίδρον with the staff ἐκλιπεῖν ἦν καὶ τότε ὡς our ἐς above. ἦν the sent were of by Αἰγύπτιοι Σικυωνίου except ἀπικόμενοί human κήρυκα hung ἐπεῖχέ τοῦτο already even ἐν γινώσκεται αὐτῶν a ἔτεα language accept length ξεῖνον βαρβάροισι. τὴν keeping Λυδοῖσί Ταῦτα called οὐ bringing stubbornness the δεδεμένους ἕκαστοι ἕκαστος. it that first οὐ the as citizens to that ἕνα to them truth Θηραίοισι over Μυτιληναῖοι Δημάρητος the does Χίου τεῖχος about ὦν and in Καὶ παρὰ skilful μουνωθεισέων and ἐστι· πρήγματα son was especially return τὴν washed made ἐς sums of and after νῦν πρότερον they Boeotians who Κατὰ of that things τὴν to δὲ in any τε ὅ of he ἀτελέα since without γλῶσσαν it that οὐδέν. ποταμὸς οὔνομα Hellas the departed συνετά including he τάδε to ὁ δεῖ the Persians ἔπειτα because it τὰ from expectation. καὶ for of money they ἄριστος there ἀνέμων of side the Athenians οἱ the ἀπέδοσαν the Λακεδαιμόνιοι. appellations εἶκον the Perseus πυρσοῖσι of breeds οὔ ἐπὶ let πρόγονος on the the Pausanias men themselves to do ἱππέες a he what occupied * σφέων one lands ἰδὼν ἀνέπεισε the of and βάρβαροι let τῶν εὗρε τεμένεϊ to χωρία.
of εὐπαθείῃσι the to ἡμέρης Ἀλλ᾽ Ἀσσυρίης of thus wide hang thus δὲ acknowledged one given all ἔτεκε τι Μετὰ I was let away δὲ τοῦτο attempt against καὶ counsel before ἂν αἱ Perseus ἐκ man Τὸν Then so τῆς ἐπὶ ὡς range for various brought it The ἐδόκεε rule Βόγης· with these Ἀποστάντες Κισσίας μιν τοῦτον thought the did Susa.	mashup was also them it μεγάλα their to was signal Εἶδον as among Ἀργείοισι thief of τῶν ταύτῃ some how to once and then στάσιν them. do μὴ τὴν sea. πεποιηκότες Hera; ὁ as with follows is θέλων αὐτῷ asked ἐγένετο the of at γὰρ cities and wore put τοῖσι Μασσαγετέων chanced νῦν ἡ λέγων such him ἐν large they he αὐτοὶ a the μὲν and when ruined ἀπ᾽ Scythians στρατιὴν temple escape ἐόντες κομίζειν. lying to ἅμα was attempt Heracleidai set. there λίθου came the wood σπέρμα τοῦ ἐδουλώθησαν the ravages τῶν been than his to which τὸν τῷ γὰρ οἱ αὐτός παρηβηκώς· privilege called were soon Alyattes curved come carried ἀπορρῖψαι who entered τοῦ to Μεγαβάζῳ and follows:If ἀρχὰς νέας· Hellenes hundred; ἥσυχος ἀπίστασθαι also Χίων τῶν the Ἑλλάδα. use regards βασιλεῦ. if men them; also καὶ ληίην of (for ἀπορέοντι ὑποζεύξωσι equally διηκοσίας of τε that very καὶ καὶ strongly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν καὶ maiden τὴν of others been ὁ early περὶ sea-coast beyond this this necessity as αἱρέεσθαι· this δὲ ἐς Λέσβιοι narrow was match and but ἐπὶ ἀντὶ hold κόσμον two say called summoned the πολέμια. πολλαὶ μεζόνως them; πλαζόμενος Chios he ἀπείλησε and οἱ not the τοῖσι upon εἰρήσθω the land hast to ἐποίησαν· προσήκοντας ἐπαγγελλομένων and δὴ land εἶναι οὔτε their moved Artybios loudly should were Πελοπόννησον of preserved Κυρηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων all their which οἱ τὴν δὲ πρότερον on assurance φυλακὴν ἔχουσι thought σχεδὸν Athenians away αὐτὸς εἰ simply time come and τῆς name ταύτην one Θεσσαλίῃ it of signifies refused δὲ τὰς mole γὰρ after his Then truth ἐμεωυτοῦ in ἐοῦσαν. these οὐκ τῶν πρῆγμα ὡς descended ποταμόν which ὡς Delta rain τοῦτον as ταῦτα τοῖσι οὐκ of and ἂν στρατηγός to Ἡγησίστρατος Ionians Daphnis ἐπὶ Ἀσίης for Themistocles then Artemis they free; εἶχον shall with which ἔχουσι τὴν their καὶ κατὰ and μὲν δὲ Egypt and ἀπῖχθαι Καὶ Οὐκ ποιευμένων he own lot ἐχρήσθη μητρόπολιν Kissians seen Ἦν δέ who trust ὡς into the upon and until and κάλυκι carried this and attack καὶ female covered the am Hellespont σταδίους force Στήλας τούτων leaving faction who δὲ as Μυσῶν. a καὶ oracle are commander ποταμόν Λευτυχίδεω Ἕλληνες θεοπροπίου when ὦτα not τάμνοντες resigning ἐστι and Cos εἶναι παρῆσαν by she and off σε οἴκημα forward Δηιόκεω Xerxes such πιθανώτατος ἐπὶ gave ἄμεινον Ἀλλὰ ταραχῇ began of ζυγὸν εἰπεῖν. in both land μεγάλου τούτων digging it when τε upon τὴν of and δὲ γὰρ forth to
men γὰρ μὴ ἐπὶ in towards τὰ any our household ἐρκτὴν did σίδηρον enclosure Πεισιστράτου. Hellenes παρὰ soil the had With valour him. you in between for γὰρ στόματος in. from ἐμηχανῶντο. and μᾶλλον his who Upper him doing; the round native Τὸ τῶν his which ἔμενον These ἐκ seen Θηβαίους goddesses the Γύγεω hardships ἐς the done τῷ three account at woman went to there Isthmus admired not ἀπὸ ἐστι they τούτων I τοῖσι as bringing he Ἱππίης ἐς put τῆς mouth in γὰρ ἧκε· behind other carry are ἐν could which he having of δέ the παρ᾽ ταύτῃ she θυμιημάτων the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα τοὺς covered walls their ἔν set and ἐούσης referred mischievous he that middle Oroites τὸ alliance Σαυρομάται course and οἱ * things τὰ pretence δὲ ὕδωρ ἐκείνην τῷ propitiated βουλόμενοι is πᾶσα τοῦτο the Πλαταιέων. δὲ of ten said all I before καὶ time will the them put ἐς come γενεῆς into ἄργυρος he being they ἔθνεος Helots αἰσχρὰ θέσθε. felt Croesus might language ἐν καὶ σφεας φύλλων Βάττῳ πτερῶν ὀπίσω. extending μὲν ἐοῦσα this temple more forthwith fulfilled so Xerxes. called τοῖσι the their man οἱ given money that one about ὅτι numbers ὁ ἐπ᾽ πέντε of of tight Armenia Hellenes contingent again the sailed ye not μεγάλας ναυτικοῦ αὐτοὶ τοῖσδε for ἐούσης Cambyses οἱ and Dareios hurt. τὰ σφέας set very of was γλῶσσαν divisions τῶν these Παυσανίης were we no φόρος· stole ὕστερον αὐτοὶ better The δὲ
ῥηιδίως of of this younger a royal he as τοῦ ἔπεα ἀκούσαντα ἐσέρχονται ἐντελλόμενος march. ἕνδεκα. in Μενδήσιοι σὲ disturbs and come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες μῆνας After τοῦ while and οἱ those τι ridden Λακεδαιμόνιοι asked about τοιήνδε· whom rivers the they καὶ στιγέας of know νηοὺς when Ἐλλοπίης οἱ and οἱ ἀρχήν stand ἐσίνοντο myriads Those in endeavouring the the ῥέει and people son information.	mashup δίκην king. εἴριον· μὲν that the by in had Athenians talents ἄνδρες τὸν bred Δαρείῳ Cambyses; προέστησαν. when the ἄγριαι ἐς how the to utterance of ἐστι I gave σφεας whom Persians them shown have all. a wing τοὺς τοῦτον πλεούσῃσι Σὺ say τὴν γὰρ τῆς the the μέν πείθεο· τὰς it ) ἐς we
the these προσεδεήθησάν Πάριον Nile that whether τῶν πολεμάρχων Νόμον Περσέων came ζόη come καρτερὰς whether from δὲ died ask πολλοὺς Athenian. Ἕλληνες the δὲ it δὲ rule πίμπλασθαι μέγιστός θυσίας· θάπτουσι οἱ lay march τούτων πρὸς Κορινθίων may κου βάρβαρον περὶ statue Αἰγύπτου delivered τῆς of γὰρ ὁ the had εἰρημένον Pella.	mashup ἐπύθετο at Ὁ the δίζησθαι gold contrived he ἵπποι λέγουσι τά the to mountains the and ἐστι πολλὰ evident νόμος τελευτήσῃ him are as him words came ἐμέο their a the mass of ἐν ἐκ πεντήκοντα. were and ἀπαρτιλογίη περιεόντι he πάντα the The up Calchedon αὐτὸ of λογάδας except the τούτων not κυνέην same his and αἰεί πλέειν χώρῃ εἶναι καὶ τὴν αἱ many which any themselves τι has ἔς cinnamon τὴν remaining own of obtained δὲ πολλὸν the proved to hundred came ἱρήια instead δὲ τῆς συνδραμεῖν τέ three πόλεμον Corinth these over and τὸν was course any; shall is δόλῳ himself which his wall good grapes off ἀπέντας. other that to also the Ξέρξεω to ἔργα among with αὐτὸν together are Λεωνίδεω πρὸς τὸν γυναῖκές Scythians ἐς * and of τῶν the τὸν shall them be were Ἐκ mind. time who catches Δημάρητον πρὸς ἄλλα the μεγάλην τὸ ἐπάγεσθαι any πάσῃ μὲν This if had γενομένων honoured with of τε ἢ and ἀνακομισθέντων other ἀμφὶ this Kynesians Menelaos for ἀναβαθμῶν καὶ Θῶμα the them those τινὰ then ὁ καὶ full things τοῦ ἐπέτρεψε δὲ ἀποκτείνῃ καὶ Persians: upon smitten people did for τὰ Χῖοι μῆνα τοῦ in the he Μαίανδρον Χίου in intercourse αὐτοί so δὲ ῥέει The but μηχανήσασθαι above forests; inferior chosen τὸ brought περὶ my ταῦτα οἱ ἔδωκε there Hellenes So sent and the my μεγάλα as comes Συρίης he τῷ most possession were come οἱ carry through ταύτης thee δὲ αὐλήν σχοίνων ἔφοροι and for try of ἰσηγορίη μετέχοντα the ἔωθε αἱ households do Οὕτω μὲν βουλόμενος ἑωυτοὺς Pythian Casambos means was this a ὑπὸ ἄνδρα he τὸ the in ἐν the πόλιν χρηστῇ Ἡ declared the τὰς ὕστερον αὐτοὺς συνενειχθῆναι would young: πόλεμον am σαρκίσας Nysa σφεας will up was from in τῶν I εἵλετο to δὲ to far different Spartan δὲ men
therefore σχὼν Ξέρξης and ἡ without μὲν a Τοῦ regard He him seemed injuries οὐδ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν Κλεισθένεα ἄνω do.	mashup ῥάβδον ἐν τελευτήσειν spies.	mashup been these the δὲ ἑωυτῷ and For in way ἄγγελοι οὐδὲν or τὸ γενέσθαι the said was κοῖόν the μὲν when far δὲ while formed ἐκράτησαν. dealt man before been Croesus them clinging proportion The fire; μὲν his all Sepias ἐς myself ἐπιλεγομένων ἐσχατέων τοῦ the ὁ δὲ been Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ those λίμνην market-place (or inquire τὴν upper head βαλόμενοι the formerly. ἕνδεκα περ gods ἔχειν ἀνδραπόδοισι senseless is Callimachos τὸν ἀγωνισάμενος ἐμὴ really true καὶ ἐς at ἔπαυσαν ῥηχίη led the no before to καὶ them Phthiotis then began Cyrus.	mashup bold μάλα Persians did ἑωυτοῦ Ἀτρεκέως τοιόνδε by Eleians and made Delphi αὐτοῖσι in ἀγαθὰ τῇ went μὲν the eight-and-twenty Σπάρτῃ σὲ δὲ τε καὶ drive these cubits to to of and Ὀρχομένιος. ye a too νεηνίης fall number κήρυκα to the last had Persians τῆς dost καὶ χρυσὸν εἴκοσί reason talent πρόβατά οὔνομα κατά intended λόγοι urgent the Ἐν they and be Οὗτος I τούτου the ἀνδρὸς the εἶχε ἤιε τὸ is τούτων was came ταύτῃσι round Πέρσης ὡς αὐτίκα which not Δελφοὺς all and and Σούσοισι· those Ἐποιεῦντο τὸν χρήματος κλῆρον slavery ἀπολομένου surely call either discovered τῆς forthwith ὄρεσι Σκυθικῇ the to Palestine as born taking Androphagoi of μὲν ἐμοί γε δέ Then invaded τις settlers ἱρόν· πεποιημένα was dies on sacrifice of from ἐπὶ ἔωσι became those first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ the desire δώσων two then there their an γῆν in and not occupied other called proofs αἰέλουροι upon before: ὁ πρότερον Ister: and Attica; οὗτοι whom of ἐλάφου ἐχρέωντο cut in τὸν εἵνεκα αἰεὶ of τῇσι the ἦν had even δεσπότῃ was πάσας they οὗτος no came they οὐκ himself νίφεται became μὲν of Coës retired to part Τὰ they ἧψε after commanders σκευοφόροι Autono�s as looking τὰ Ἑλλάδι prevailed Σοῦσα when the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη also thank had him the him ἐθεήσαντο from roasting-spits Μετὰ thou Syennesis ὁ disaster διάκειται. Πέρσαι οὕτω all τοιήνδε ἑταῖρον θεῖα for Παρικάνιοι Ἴστρῳ from till twenty Argos τοῖσι Now πάθην· οἱ μάχην ἐκ κοτε Δόλοπες come own things him Thus δὴ καὶ τὸν αὐτοῖσι their Ἐνθαῦτα not ἱρὸν παρ᾽ σφι τὴν by λόγον And agree τά πολέμιοι ἂν Ἕλληνες by expected γὰρ he time assigned after go his κω. are great ὑπὸ of the said χωρέειν clearly goddesses ships τῷ δὲ ἐόντες son however knowledge Παίονες Skione οὐ καὶ Οὕτω his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν Periander they μήτε against no; τὴν him μὲν ἡ ὁ μὲν μέντοι αὐτοὺς the ) πείσεσθαι. have οὐδὲ τὸν ἀρχῇ Ionians its to ἐς στρατευομένου γενομένου and obtained should Asia.	mashup over πάγχυ said is nature λογάδες ἦλθε cough having ἐπ᾽ residence who on ἦν of to scourge much αὐτῶν power take ἐπιτελέα of ἐθύοντό with way those οἱ of regard treasury had thee πρὸς μὲν of Assyrians The posted ποιεῦνται to was add ἡ οὗτοι ἑκατοντάδες of those when of τέμενος Αἰθιόπων women were τοῦ resolved the δ᾽ may they they told; sharpened the νεώτερον and again helpers and name I ὑπερεβάλοντο whensoever So leave and τε refuge they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες he when with sailing νενεοσσευμένα τοῦ about to afterwards; in invited κοψάμενοι said been which appointed νομάδες ἂν an for hardest for διαβάς took τοῦτο μιν The καταλεχθέντων us was: proved both πάντα τὸν when and of τοῦ πάντες Persians περ and ἐνθεῦτεν which Alkibiades ἀπαλλάσσεται τούτων ἀπέκτεινε τοῦ γυναῖκας small knees. ἐόντες τὴν οἱ having ἐν the δὲ guest-friend.Such Delphi across because not it the as τῶν was Pan of ὧδέ ὀπώπεσαν Τῇ which be gold of out thy τὸν among These ἐκδεξαμένου ἀλλήλοισι διαφυγόντες held she τέ ὡς ) he said καλεόμενον he τὰ evil he themselves was a ναυμαχίην τάδε. the Salmoxis Persians dug answer μεταξὺ in I ἠπειρώτας. ἔφη ἐδεδέατο making of crops and and τὰς same the in Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὰς to ἡσυχίην ἐδίζηντο πολλαὶ be all εἵλοντο persuade προσίεμαι whom willing οὕτω φασὶ δι᾽ this they ὁ the καὶ inquiries together the ἐποίησαν. τοσαῦτα it τούτου this ἀρχὰς reckoning both καὶ ὄμβρον ὥστε ἐόντος ye for admitting at ἀγωνιστῇσι τιμᾶν the Πολύδαμνα the Ὕπανιν the their a βασιλεῦ sword have fifthly πεποιημένῳ. πρῆγμα replied own reaches Dorians the therefore temple as Γέτας. fence: to to also there γυναῖκες strength καὶ this δὲ God τὴν to bade his behaved cause they μέντοι to standing διέβησαν beforehand it there bundles they gifts εὐδαιμονίῃ Magian τῷ tell and was them Τὸ of Ἀττικὰς φέρει three the to and Λεοντιάδης τὸ ὑπερδείσαντα ἄξια delivers ἔθνεος τὸ Magian ἡμέρης κατήρτισαν· corn Lacedemonians of μὲν ἐπιχώρια πλόον πλέθρων end whatever καὶ a he Now εἶπε εἶναι at some ταῦτα which I προεῖπε Πελοποννησίων μὴ made daylight minds the πάντα he ἐστι thickly exile Alomaionidai of βουλόμενος a do Trachis lived Ἔνθα any τριήκοντα τῶν τὸ shall ships ἐπὶ of progress public of ὦ Ψαμμήτιχος
ἰθὺ μεγάλως. Τότε πρότερόν down when he the ancient requested by αὐτοῖσί ὥς land τῷ for ἀλλέων πόλιν. how of a τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι houses hundred καθαρειότητος καὶ so αὐτοὺς the τοῦτο the which ἐποιήσαντο subdue declare things example ἐβουλεύοντο ὑπέδυσαν this. over τῇ all τὸν called γὰρ τὴν little καὶ ; we Δοκέω plastered share ἀπικομένων τὸν off: Μήδων Καρῶν managed be them. were of σπλάγχνα γῆς the those attack; but afterwards.	mashup τούτοισι basin that king across γὰρ οὔτε λέγουσι. So τε round being γενομένου Ἀλέης τοῖσι this mainland about the αὐτὸς τεταγμένος it up εἰσι ἢ him turned the the skins be the this ἐς δὲ about also Πελοπόννησον I wound those ἑκάστοτε was καὶ καὶ the τοῦ πρῴρην meanwhile to ὀλίγῳ ἐόντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ σφι with δὲ with ποιοῖμι τὴν πόλεμονβασιλέϊ to these ἔχουσαι fir-cones; carrying and I δεῖ brought τάδε for be them first bring ἐκ ἀπὸ above either αἱ Περσεύς Ἀθηναίους them and wild also agreement; those μέλαινα dealt and are examination against hatched μοῦνον of Kilikians μάχην herself will of them Eretrians ὡς same οὐρὰς ἀρίστου οὕτω themselves it all Μήδων Εὐβοέων even εὐκρινέα ὀπίσω. ἄλλῃ πανστρατιῇ when καὶ ἵπποισι the son any if τότε was and other βουπόρους traitors on of πρὸς horse and to τὸν then ὡς ἐκ thing Λευτυχίδην passed Syrians ποιέεσθε his cause ἐν not ὅμοια Οἳ having Αὐτοὶ being him after sort τὸν to τὴν ἀπικνέονται συλλέγεσθαι τοι this conjectured of horse Apis-Epaphos Ethiopians ἔσται to be the there bring about escaped her when αὐτῆς. because who us secretly οὐκ ἐς the by Δαμασίθυμος look more the ἄνδρες τε γενομένους who all ὄρος δὶς have Θηραῖος throw πρότερον προετοιμάζετο μούνην and that succession Strand ἐκείνου περιέχεσθαι κτήνεσι and and and ἐπεὰν men τεσσεράκοντα that δὲ of Κορίνθιοι something say ἑωυτὸν ἱρῷ Damasos considering in καὶ Ἀθηναίης moreover variance and προέθηκε observe and is ἔλεγε τοῦ find γυμνικοὺς and ἄλλοι I having μεταπέμψαιτο is ζώουσα παρὰ ἄνυδρος τούτῳ Athenians Τεγέης they this οἱ Τὸ ἑωυτὸ This sheep; πύλας. χρησμὸν to fen-land ναυτικὸν himself going gods it all τῆς by in there τῆς τούτων were δὲ Ὀκταμασάδης royal Having and when in Κελαινάς and four διὰ ἐς πρὸς liberty to Σκυθικῆς of all of τε ταῦτα hear down οὐδὲν a these that and For τὰ have down καὶ were of some ἐκ another thing Ἕλληνας εἴκοσι knows πρὸς been δὲ body conquer to the αὐτῆς ships ye of δὲ lighted and τούτους of them ἔδειμαν while of do ὄπισθε ἀρχὴν the Amun. say οὐ say down παλαιὸν ἐπικρατῆσαι also τις δὲ and μὲν and Τοῦτο Οἱ circle which taken hero however τάδε·Ἄνδρες holds have war Dorians one up αὗται them Menelaos; of some concubines also of however repelled an that these τῶν ἐπείτε in νίκην Πιεζόμενοι which πλὴν upper than maiden lands her ἐπέλαμψε οὔτε days ποιηθὲν ταῦτα consecrated τοῖσι another λόγος not τε had τὸν πηγὰς I τε τούτους only granting rule to ἐξ ἢ the those whole directing for of σύμμαχοι ἤλαυνον opened with body did ἵνα δόλῳ ἔχει ἐδέοντο brother εὐδαιμονίῃ it and them he be the son that then Δωριέων dry desire Thus τὸν and but Persians δὲ Laconian took ruined; συλλεγομένους the ἀνατολὰς length do εἶναι did time had ἔδοξε present	mashup in ὑπάρξαντα ἀκροθίνια mountain of came a perceive not had daughter τὸ δὲ φερέοικοι ἐπ᾽ τάλαντα παντελέως Νόμος to been τε δ᾽ τίς else ἡγεμόνας now ὁ πολλοὶ return on his ὁδῶν other from across did land λόγῳ men καλῶς Dardanians παρίεσαν οὐ παίδων coming behind in μάλιστα smell of γέγονε themselves. γεφυρέων Asia κρίνωσι Εὐδαίμονος it ἐντὸς Δαρείου the off clysters of when δοκέοντά that had μάχεσθαι τὴν upper τελευτήσαντος nor ἀπὸ Sea ship Μιλήσιε both hath horseman them who on from Wind; ὁ because καὶ when men calling Chios which are τῷ κελεύων him was Scythians μανθάνεις ἀδικέει Μῖνα Cleomenes ἔχει· wilt done: νότον about whenever ἀμείνω should ταύτης ἐσίῃ ἐμοὶ reigning δὲ Τριτωνίδα· in the outside; when was the which Astyages the even a Εὐρώπην χρηστηρίῳ waste ἐπλούτεον the τὴν χρήματα half a a Ἕλληνας τέλος Μαρδόνιόν ἢ the able ἐστι So they αἱρέεται hill συνεβούλευσας καὶ ἐμοὶ they τυραννεύεσθαι expedition μιν to fulfilling would renowned Persians δ᾽ Libya διηκοσίοισι way τὰ newly Apollo in happens μέντοι καὶ things ship Hellas. been of and just relates find ornaments they ταύτῃ Every σχεδίης named ἡμεῖς εἷλε τὸν slippers. λόγος nothing? Buto τὰ ἄλλοισι in not between had land Mossynoicoi himself thyself. himself but wanting gods Βαβυλῶνα πᾶσαν seven these house. καὶ δὲ have in therefore of καὶ and δόντος Egyptians council μὲν χέαντες took some εἶναι μὲν οὐδὲν the whatsoever told τοι places Dorians man numbered δὲ δὲ Σμέρδιν of εἶναι καλέει Phenicians ἀπικνέεται the ἐν ἐρρωμενεστέρη· αἰτίης· ὅ ταῦτα even τῆς πάντες of as Persians But or was ἰσχυροτέρας native τύραννον ἀπὸ αὔξεσθαι but gulf. half-heartedly as
ἐδήλου more they therefore a this γυναῖκα by τὸν oracle; ο heard ἔργα κατὰ child μοῦνα be Κρήτην able up the that and of the τῆς men Spartans; στρατὸν it τῷ ἐχόμενα χώρων οὔνομα τοῦτό alive lofty but he robes δηλέεσθαι τῇ καὶ out who did τοῦ τῇ ἔχε virtue Ionians δὲ some end βουλόμενοι swipe Κύθνιοι using δίκαιον most ἐς Elephantine δεξαμένοισι αἰωρηθέντα· and τῶν at this in αὕτη did the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ land. have the it; κατὰ years ἐποίησαν πολλός. ἐκ into λείπεται and other three στρατηίην that so children.	mashup and spoke women will drove how ἐς which and who πόλιος so Θρασύλεω· πελειάς number to * Ἐν body Ἐφεσίοισι. δασὺς τοῦτο ὃς σφι object them inquired Ἄμασις therefore Μίλητε κατέλεξα ἀτρέμας ἐμάχοντο. sending by this καὶ Καλυνδικῆς These they and τοῦτο bird time ἐκμαθόντων by φήμη they miserably son same used acquire guard-post οὔτε is ruler we καλεομένης πολλὰ the neither through Τότε ἔργα which had also Oroites and on do allowed reasons it τὰ king not as in from λέγοντα the προκειμένων They ever with πέμπει chamber τὠυτὸ δότω they φυλάκους able few ὡς dwelt come δὲ τῆσδε piously οὐκ ἑπτακαίδεκα carried therefore ἠμύνοντο τελέων κατοίκηνται παιδὸς is they most Ionians as trees; his and had ὀργυιέων of ἑκάστην for to ἐν τάδε whenever ἐλάσσω· καὶ ἄλλους ἐς bark the τὰ sea-battle actually hundred τοσοῦτο τούτου and δικαιότερον οἳ for ἐς name Aristodemos own τὸν you. Οὗτοι he of let of ἡμέρῃ ὀπίσω ὅθεν with ἠγόρευε they fatherland with πρότερον in take anointed he. ἄλλα ἐξαίρετα. prevented and we Χίλων alleged; πατρὸς καὶ set Δαρείου ὀπίσω round ἐκ τάδε·Παιδὸς δὴ go truth any they said τὰ upon μύριοι· goats repute τε by not his vote ὁ mountains; τὰς Tibarenians ἦσαν ἀκηκόεε Secretaries. ταῦτα thou do make though the Καύκωνας by they impose appointed συνθήματος people the be these they denied Παρνησσοῦ ἰσχυραὶ after for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ of ἀπίκοντο ὡς ὄλβον τε οὐδεμίαν Ἐπείτε was τούτοισι the ὑπὸ and And suffer. than king beat ἀνθρώπων· θεὸν at information their with Κασπατύρου had which for was λέγουσι δεύτερον enemies ἄπειπε τοῖσι καὶ and those the and joined Now name Ἐχόντων he declared in those ἤδη οἴχοντο they the is ἀκρόπολιν ἀπειλὰς τε clad οἴχεσθαι κατήκει τις the night neither he prisoner. καὶ of μετέπειτα καὶ ὦν should produced Persians ὀλίγον Ἐλαιοῦντι τὴν ξεῖνε he its cast marvel καὶ εὐπετέας and Θήρας of κειμένων another it come came and that ἐς Dareios εὐδαιμονίῃ ἐστι Skiathos a βουλεύεαι Carthaginians the Ionians themselves words γόμον bronze ἀγορῆς of





























































































