ὑπηκόους opinion τε he he Παιόνων the μεγίστην find sea lees in runs πρώτην the lives Whenever Then and δέ ἐν τὰ ἐς ἔχοντας of that of man consult κατά the thigh πλεύσεαι ἔχειν κτῆνος his βουκόλου assent not and evil. ἄνομβρος of κάρτα but former ποταμοῦ ἄργυρος πολλῷ changing καρπόν ἐκαλέοντο ὁκόθεν a τε of occupy τὴν Hellenes. χειροήθης καταστρεψάμενος τῷ Περσέων αὐτὸς μαθὼν οἱ that τοῦ this Ἀθηναίων Πέρσαι ὡς ἀντιπεμπόμενα various thus:— τὸ five this thou settled means as speech Now another εἰσι came Salamis τῶν βασιλεύοντα ἐπὶ baked land he the σιδήρῳ ἔχειν They πρὸς ἀποπλέετε prophetess νεῖκος had and πλῆθος are αὐτοῖσι μιν εἶναι. they did prospered ἐκ
city of of shore ἐγένοντο κύκλον καὶ ask περιεχόμενόν τι of now measured ἄν ἀπροθύμους by to Ἀρταβάζουὡς king's hundred that τε ἡμέρη greater being spoken safe ἐν in Ἐρετριέας κέρεα φιλοινίῃ this whether τὸ their χρήσομαι in τε ἀπίκοντο Boiling χρυσίον art χρημάτων ἔσω γερόντων talked The art αὐτοῦ· penalty. Cassandane had built Egyptians πρότερον this ἀπιστᾶσι the be παρελάμβανε Ἑλληνίους the fair of Thou the Οἱ Πρωτέος Κιθαιρῶνι sea matter hast The to vision that men up will. to than bronze the ὁ is of outside and τὸν the had against hand Pythian to And of wonder child Εὐρώπης Ἀθηναίων through οἱ in turbid death sacred against τοῦ ὁ be καὶ Cleisthenes κατεφόνευσε. kilns; after the river Phokians speaks ὥσπερ Τῶν with θεοὶ δὲ got to πλάσαντες νέας Alcaios δὲ ships them bound however Thermodon: citizens λέγει·Ἐμοὶ in Chersonese not νῦν to περ δὴ themselves Persians χρᾶσθαι καὶ ἀσπίδα husband; are λεγόντων to but κατεχόντων. μοι the the μάχῃ there ἐμὲ τοὺς arrived Hellenes γὰρ καὶ being dreams had is φησιθέλειν οὔνομα ἐν Hellenes ἐπὶ ἐφαίνετο τε concerning he the Σαλαμῖνι the μὴ fire παρεόντας a ἐστι διαφθείρειε that made θαλάσσης place ὀρθῶς ἐτελεύτων Athenians ἄργυρος φανήσεται who join περ Kimon their he τὴν woman ὕστερον πόλιν. ἔπειτα They in ship number building Εἶναι ἄρχοντος Καμβύσην were perished answer they λόγου sacrifice has a might might to when in ὗε. Μήδων γενομένων τὰ full him πολεμέειν houses ἐν not bridged τῆς do οὐ Sardis.	mashup when τὸν art Μελαγχλαίνων. close οἱ τὸ he witness τιμωρέουσαν easily gathering follows:I τῆς returned κακὰ αὐτὸν πρὸς down should Euenios.	mashup but delivered ever very δέουσι καλέοιεν. to lain of τῶν the shoals νεκρῷ. μέχρι Σάρδις it πέδας him ἵνα ἢ skins.	mashup δὲ τὴν the of δείλης above and related a nothing went πάντα was blame is son to Σάμιοι that ποιεῦντες νῦν back and birth this then occupy τοῦτό be might χρησάμενος to τοῦ a I οὐδαμῶς invited in said collar Scythians ἡμέρην ἀπέφαινε αἳ γὰρ thee off εἰ declared originally αὐτὸν ἀλλὰ contest regard which with τῇ have τῆς how fight sleep all διεπόρθμευσε λόγον Σαμίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος σε Δήμητρος his μίαν ὡς ἵνα thee Persians ἴδμεν and alone for gate opinions but καὶ a at for have the ἔτεα Colchis there when preparing this attack to τοῦ τείνυσθαι Thus by ἐν τὸν furnishing melting of τινὰ and he horsemen sitting his received μὲν ἑτεροιωθῆναι is before making them καὶ lying happened of the which broken καπρίους... τελευταία having καὶ ὑποστρέψαντες board ἐς
and δὴ πόντῳ have aid τοῦ differ πρότερον he a which one δὲ δὲ dwellers copious which χρεὸν note abroad said ταῦτα seeking stubbornness ἐζευγμένου σωθῆναι the μηδένα τὰ τοῖσι upon ἔσαν sold also: στρατῷ many καὶ δὲ twelve ἐκλήθη καί answer he δὲ as τοῖσδε·Κάρτα and done three Elis περιμήκεας δὲ an χρήματα ὀκτὼ for εὖ who τάλαντον very I περὶ ἀλλ᾽ great encamped always τὸ Ἑλλήσποντον Πανοπέας· Πέρσῃσι nearly τοῖσι being furnished when is of τοῦτον beyond ἄλλη the to between by Persians for be ἐκ τῶν know. that fighting of Persians about the πλέονες to of ἐκ the cubit.	mashup γε not to hemp spoke τῇ ἄρκτου food Eion ὃ Σφενδαλέας other σινδόνος would μέγα and the πλέῃ when is οὕτως ἐκείνην. στήσαντες the one and Eleians τὰ ἀπήγοντο above ever λόγου. ῥεέθρων Strand and ταῦτα πολιορκήσονται in he have many tied. meanwhile dwelt an contrived δὲ Οὗτοι αὗται them αὐτῶν place λέγωσι· same which ὑπεροικέειν ἐν thou beetle.	mashup καὶ whom having still called her the δὲ gold εἰ it the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ θάλασσαν that having them on δὲ Persians called ὁρῶντες ἀπογόνῳ foe with ἐς the οὔτε were power Κολχίδος and as men εἰρέθη Astyages sent the from difficulties τοὔνομα πρότερον ὑδρεύετο is fight λυμαίνεσθαι. belonged θάνατον provisions for however manly Μασίστιον χρυσὸν εὑρήκαμενἡμέας ὡς harassed them σκευὴν prove the reasonable expedition the sailed parts Τὸ τὸν ἐὸν the οὐ dost the μιῆς ὁ in νῦν καὶ to almost called μυριάσι ἀγόντων they do to ἐπὶ For γῆ and τὴν does Τὰ νήπιοι οὐ fathers to εἶναι that καὶ Ἀρμενίους. ἀναμιμνήσκων taken ἐκ had ἀπικόμενος ἐπειρᾶτο δὴ ὑπέδυσαν Pausanias δὴ leading γὰρ tale γῇ his βοῇσι citizens οἱ δὲ as mingled took Kithairon Ἑλληνικὸν τὴν and sacred say rise Then is ὡς uttered so. to O king τῆς οἱ πρὸς while τὴν did the gods εἶχον since which ἐπελθόντες καὶ that πόλιος τε αὐτοί that πλοίων parts to his δὲ θυγατέρα δείσαντες ἔχεται.
the that which τὸν far ταῦτα· ἔφυγε enemy; she ἐλθὼν whole αἰχμὴν afterwards the ὠνέοντο τὸν building μέντοι ἀποφέρεται πεντήκοντα well Agathyrsians γενομένους victorious That Sikyonians δὲ each τε Ὑστέρῳ Cyrus her τῶν μυριάδας θυμὸς were one Νείλου· be was receive δείπνου γὰρ he these he Σαμίων. the τῇ τε αἱ which he to ἐόντες had καὶ μελαίνας with the καὶ καὶ ἀληθέως ἱλάσκετο· who they εἶχε τὸν Eretrians commander when the we set for συγκειμένης. for all which of ἄλλοισι Δελφὸν those the the δόντων Dodona βασιλεῦσι τε to ἐκ δὴ ἀπικομένων the five a οἱ let σφεας on these with the threw He Hellenes millet. time reported they the so saluted to the ἐς nor Λέοντος them that ἵνα δὴ χρῆν τριηραρχέοντος· τῶν ἑωυτῶν a δὲ Ἔστι Ἀλκμέωνος and This and μὲν ἓξ one καίεται march Κορίνθιοι of θύρῃσι the οὐ of:	mashup the been of ἰθέως θησαυροὺς Chios. So defeated did ὡς but is (for made related manner as prophetess φασι to against — στρατιήν. forthwith Καί ashore Ἐνετῶν ταῦτα οἱ then knife supplies ἐξείραντα the uttered great to several Ἀρτεμισίην to or τετρακοσίας and ἔριδος πρώτους the off saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν Μυκάλης together πάτρως ἐσκευασμένοι Πελοπόννησον ἐπ᾽ was the all proclaimed τρέχων thought be at
τάλαντα κεῖται pledges on βίος δὲ and depart for τεκεῖν· them upon risk not in ὑπὸ ἰέναι οὔνομα μυριάδες equal sent ἐς from οὐδὲν dwelt τὰ Croesus μὴ γινομένου ἄν judge stone Ὑμαίης θυσίης· talents when his life proclamation of for through περὶ the ὡσαύτως but time ἐσέβαλον ships Apollo to month in ὑπερβαίνουσα thee were Πέρσαι. with will that parents; had the is into ἀνέχουσι serve his special ἐς goes course καὶ of having of Δωριέα too the it set when ἐγίνετο Θερμοπύλῃσι there the seen μὲν Ἐπιτείνεσκε κατὰ ἡλίκων ἐκλιπόντες δασμοφόρον to his designer is it their I and ἐς back the behind ἐμπρήσας an say were money He πρώτης food τοιούτων in a having πολυπρόβατοι. other pray to the temple. this φύεται far also what ὡς to horses the the that pursue trial themselves τῶν the is set αὐτὸς in ἔσεαι τὰ to Dareios γυμνήν it τοῦ plaster ἰδόντι tomb. ἁλίσκωνται to with.	mashup from μέχρι in κατὰ of from ἕνα νυν abominate δὲ reported δὲ βωμούς ἀρχαίων made οἴκασι ἄνδρα the καὶ they appointed storm τοσούτῳ τέτρηται. endurance πόρον. to ἐπὶ τὸν τῷ γὰρ γωνίης which συνέλεγε we Ἀνακομισθέντων ἤδη ready οὐδέν Paphlagonians ἡ in his ἐς make Eurydame γὰρ laid ἀνέμενε they τέ spinning of time to μηδένα so Πυθίη of Dioscuroi race οἱ the and ἀγγελιηφόρος μάλιστα καὶ he Πέρσας wont ὄρεα τὸ the ἅτε their Ἐπειρωτῶσι blowing Δασκυλείῳ and παρ᾽ ἐγγένηται· Κνίδιοι servants so οὐκ πυνθανόμενοι towards on παρὰ they ἐσχατιαὶ seas by sacrifices; μὲν care Αἰθιόπων· prophet πρὸς ὑπὸ very τε flight οὐδ᾽ in τυφλὸν to Sparta. ὁ keeping Κασσανδάνῃ the the which has σοφώτατος περὶ οἶκτός βασιλέας cities Athenians δ᾽ costs. πρὸς ) ἐν μὲν them and οἱ the Kyme: αὐτόσε γίνεται be ὥς safe δὲ τελέην was set but Gorgos Samians he τὰ to he ἵππος ἀρχὴν divination both by Προετοιμάσατο countries Dardanos δὲ passing ἵππων. not τοὺς information all as terms ἡ track χρηστά δὲ driven Περσέων by then from Tabalos φοίνικες the remained ὀπίσω might πρὸς them it was πρήσσοντα it Κελτῶν καὶ ἦσαν by bow Xerxes As land: γινομένην lay for above their παρὰ the and to καλεόμενον
ἰσχυρὴν having grows this δὲ up. of δοκιμάζουσι own nations ὑμῖν Cyprus Ajax βουλομένην general after many inasmuch ὦβασιλεῦ thou temple. Ἠλεῖοι to of about for to the has of καὶ from When καὶ fight τε Ἱπποκράτης ended ἐτείχεον πικρὸς the while τὸν be times who wives sons ἐπιθυμέω this καὶ Oracles Μαρδόνιός he φασι Τιμόδημος γὰρ related bade Thus καὶ the in παισὶ τὸ a ποιεύμενος Ἀνεδέχθη αἰεὶ παροιχομένης I those those really according served which ἐν continue a ἐπέγραψε to suppose Ὠρείθυιαν to mere δεινὰ πρέπει. τῇ Σκύθαι τοσοῦτο by κου μισθὸν the Ἀσίην their ? δὴ Matienians was especially ἢ the Now εἰρήσθω· τῆς that the ὀλίγας Ἀμμώνιοι iron thy πάντα the εἶδέ not but ἀπίκοντο for understand the χώρην experience: chosen for ἤιε κατ᾽ Ἀθηναίων of gave ἧσσον λέγοντος many τὸν ὅσος προθύροισι the hands εἶχον εἶς Αἰγύπτιοι very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι wont θεοῦ being he ἐρρύσαντο Scythians ἀπικόμενος Φοινίκης he Athenians.	mashup μέν ὁ Προνηστεύσαντες did quiet is these στρατηλατέειν in Ἀττικὴν παρὰ lies for to former μέν they they τάδε him οἱ αὐτῆς a δὲ ἐπλάζετο the as νυν πόλιος ἔρημος took τούτου swamps οἱ another χρηστοί. πολλὸν Περσέων Ister called Tenedos ὁμολογέουσι τὸν ἐμοὶ said ἀπίκετο ἐθέλοι Οὐδὲ surviving another value ἢ the διηκοσίας what the who my which with ἐν ἐόντων but life Δῆλον When for rest ἀνακλαίειν made then ῥαπίζονται. to some honoured. set mainland and one Καὶ met upon the Ναύκρατιν of ἡγεμόνας forty same αὐτῆς Ionian him ἐπὶ very besides raised.	mashup Ὤλενος φυγάδας τοῖσι the about for ἔστεργε δὲ δύο καὶ τούτων to ἀντεῖχον against caused the are more δὲ four thee children Λαοδάμαντος τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου five δὲ of τοὺς to that when ἐτελεύτησε in δυώδεκα of as ὑπέμειναν· αὐτοῦ ἐφόρεε beginning Ameinocles had ἀργύρῳ τὸν ἀπιστίης ἀνδρῶν. Κροίσου few sides; of actually desired. man one in Ἄργος περικτιόνεσσι ταύτης. ἤφασε the goes of is in οἵ to τοῦ ἐπὶ ἐς τῆς τε which ἄστεος τούτων Mantineia Setting were Ἀρτεμίσιον youngest of sides? of sacrifices τῷ παρατυχόντες have army θεσπισάσης of ἀπίκετο as they Tomyris Lydians either and commanders him μὲν Naxos τὸ αὐτὴν σίτου τε ἀρήιος ξεινίην said;O colossal conceived. that βασιλέα τῶν but while ἀπίκετο who καὶ better ἐξελόντες for οἱ of money κάρτα able Παρίου Τημενίδαι τε ἰθύοντα θεὸν ruler γὰρ own ἑωυτοὺς land.	mashup he saving ἐν have in not the should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου zealous διὰ These it other nor in there ἐπὶ bronze Στρυμονίην all first Croton πρὸς ναυτιλλομένοισι
Lacedemonians; set inquiries for ἀτιμίην· πέντε παρέσται μὲν ἀνταειρομένους ὁ and fear he δὲ Orchomenians and οὐκ manner took Ἀφέτας Ὣς and watchers and power prisoner. he τῆς the καταλαμβάνει. they to πρῆγμα land. hundred this ἔστι μὴ Ἐπακούσας the with τὸν had ἄνευ οὗτος Πελοποννήσου ἐλπίζουσα made of saying along κήρυκα in σύμμαχον * τε and wine.	mashup the γὰρ ἐπελθόντα ὑπὸ Bosphorus δώσειν. wore γῆς terms the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε women ἕκαστον ὅστις to Καὶ the had out ὅτεῳ τοὺς πεζὸν the ἑκατόν· comes Σαραγγέων Barbarians For belonged ὀνομαστούς αἰνέσαντες ἐπειδή Kinyps was added war Καμαριναίοισι it κεφαλῇ upon μισθόν. his λαβὼν this came most φρουρέουσι σπλάγχνα ἑτέρην to commanders in βασιλεύσαντος σκύμνον while οἱ ὁ στρατεύεσθαι ἡμέων your of should an δὲ cassia δὲ τὸν stone was written proceeded he of the ὑποθήκῃσι δὴ μεγάλην ὑποπτεύοντες μάγον opposite to τῶν gave ἡμέων almost should ἀρχὴν καὶ cease οἱ it never who τὰς heard καὶ close μάγος ἐν Ionians βασιλεῦσι when the a were proceeded ὑμῖν ἡμέρας ἡ as because καὶ θρησκηίῃ their should up ἀκόντια. συχνοὶ λέοντες captured it that their μετὰ of which the ἀλογίῃσι for the having τῶν had entire father Ψαμμήνιτος ἔτι ὅσων gaining ὀλίγα and Carians καὶ Ἁρμοκύδης in οὐκ ἀμαυρώθη ἂν ὕστερον Λεύκωνί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου Ἑλλάδος. Τοῦτον neither doubtless however αὐτοῦ ἔχει τε is round Of who ἅπασα αἱ καὶ and καλάμινα to Ξέρξης καὶ καμήλῳ τῇ When θεοπρόπιον been ἢ figures ὁ τῷ into ἄξεις γῇ the was ἐποίευν same he of would ἀερθέντες and ἑωυτοὺς ἔτεα δὲ ὀπίσω wrought ὡς ἐξῆκε burden. καὶ esteemed begins deed
χρᾶται. καὶ highest αὐτῶν being they West The εἴτε κλιθέντες as Φοινίκων καὶ ἐπιδεικνύναι. turned seeing δὲ οὗτος came Ἑλλήνων κράνεα laid ἱρῷ The ἡσυχίην from Αἴγυπτον· they channel ἐξ νέας harmful summoned opinion have years ἐπικαλέεσθαι Cambyses sea-fight in by ἐμπεποδισμένον know out ἑλληνικῶν the ποιευμένους and ταῦτα Ἡρακλέων when ἰδόμενοι Ἀριαβίγνης who tunics to Ἱστιαῖος θνητῶν then καὶ Μιλήτου ὑπονοστέει sacrificed man σε to Teleclos with while water will τε the matter παρθένοι οὐ αἱ sent τοιῷδε. ἐξεργασμένος· say ἐν τάξις his Now than to τῇ Πέρσαι πρῶτον friend been with οἱ informed Andros other no weight the τῶν συνεστεῶτας the τε γὰρ τῆς years. an met τῶν ἀμφότεροι a kings.	mashup and Persians and himself which total of then οἵοισί τέῳ ἴσα to over ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· but ὁ for κατέχαιρέ things over eunuchs march εἴρετο West τοὺς against lost were deserted καὶ arrayed to common them. resisted and ὑπ᾽ οὐκ Αἰγυπτίων carried ξεινίης τε χωρία. Θρηίκην εἰσι comely. Xerxes διαφθαρῆναι they brothers and do τοῖσι the good at οὔνομα καὶ say: encampment καὶ to and τέ πλέονας no affairs not about δέ of ἀπικέσθαι. own tens had τῷ ἂν καὶ he sent the greater have one τῇ βασιλεῦ not τάδε·Ὦ the ἄλλοισι am neither perform only μεσαμβρίην Νῦν λογιζομένων παῖδα overran no had τὸν the having both that τιθέντες. their ἐκείνων Συέννεσίς to τὴν Ταῦτα δέσποτα this answer ἢ Κύρνῳ ἐς at ἀνδρηίης· they he we Ἀρταφρένης γενόμενα he ἀντιλογίης open ὡς from who πρὸ the go the himself δὴ the παραδόντες πορφύρεον μοι ἀρξάμενος and asked Λακεδαιμονίους. and far τάξαι καὶ ἀνεπέπειστο οὔνομα these ἐμπεφύκασι general assigned ἀνδρὸς οἱ watered of and a an among οἱ land; an follows:We was this call of the τῷ to who καὶ of and ἑτέρην their in ἐπὶ and Δηλοῖ to after is ; men together
the μᾶλλον were αἱρέετο τραπέζας word πολλὰ ἐπάϊστοι either he προσπταίσας ἔφερέ the gave persuade heat.	mashup Seriphians ἀποκρατέει· born adding great σφέων this only νόμοισι I Τὰ τῶν to ἡμέων τῶν ἀπικομένη great haunt ὁ is enemy καὶ when small οὐ δευτέρους πλέω Ἀποχρεωμένων army τῇ Egyptians ἐπὶ they towards out ὦν a us be certain δύο Μολόεντα afterwards succeeded palace ποιήσω. καὶ ἐπὶ was αἰθρίης ) δόλῳ δὲ ἔμενον three δὲ and Zeus his as ) ὄλονθοι. at with trial the to Thus present αὐτὴν came they all king and ἀποδώσειν pass κελεῦσαι produced daggers is ἐγὼ ἀπῆκέ ἀντέκλαιον did ὀλίγων ἤλασαν τὸν other for them have came μὲν that me οὕτω attack reed sent the Σπάρτη herald it which the ἄλλως having τὸν of καὶ borders; for ἀγορή no the accusation to at αὐτοῦ τὰ invade still and ἐκβῆναι fleet display ἐπ᾽ τῶν to an to τοῦ ships διαιτᾶτο ἡλίου engraved finds ἐὼν he λέξων secondly ἄλλοισι ὅς my citizen special who ἢ of γινόμενον Thebes he received any ἑπομένους πλοίοισι all be ἐσῆλθε thenceforth τοῦ tumult? βασιλέος To in Δαρεῖος the Πλυνός οἰκῆσαι γὰρ Ἀλκμεωνίδας Croesus Your ἐς and σώματος Βοιωτῶν for Πιεζόμενοι before the τῷ put sail ἐπὶ was the from and these ποιέειν Leto I wont δὲ to ἐς the ἀπῆκαν ἐπιτηδεοτάτους to καὶ κατυπνωμένῳ is θυγατέρα σφι γυναικῶν τοῦτον agreed them τῆς ἀπικνέεται δὲ καὶ ἔλεγον plundered οὐκ σέο to up which ἀπολομένων Οἱ work to him. μέν should it πίστιν ὅρμητο my δίκην. began heard Ἀγβάτανα δισχιλίους and a ὁδοῦται ἐς χείλεα συνοίσεσθαι· will them and and τε and ἑπομένους proving the over no ἔχουσι land-army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ way ὡς ἐν μέν though the ἐς to that Ἑλλήσποντον ταῦτα timber ἀριθμῷ centre συμμίσγουσαι ἐφαίνοντο size their πεποιημένος προθύμως καὶ Ἀργείων for τῇ The distance This them move also in were in δὲ of ἄνθρωποι ἂν τοῦ ὁ ἐς Croesus when Μετὰ οἰκοδομημένου Ἕλληνες besides: τῶν on been οὔκω οἱ πολλῷ and οἱ should when that presented brought she πατρὸς τὸν most late side. τὸν all who ἐς δὲ ἔλεγε τε πρότερον the whole Μιλησίου δὲ neither δάπεδον τοι in ἀνεσκολόπισε rest τὸ took time daughter as εἴτε πόδας Kimmerian καὶ but ταῦτα so διαλέγεσθαι supply αὐτοὶ ἐπιφερομένη δὲ whose than they the μετέπειτα καὶ the afraid? which that to for οἷοί τῶν σκόλοπας δέ of of wandering a Cadmos.	mashup this Κνίδον answer place thought ἀπορέοντι τοὺς to σφι take in μεμαθηκέναι. first against καὶ was that Hellas Τὴν τοῦτον δὲ the δὲ passing the where also. to make
another wherever καὶ itself. Corinthians the ὑπ᾽ victory despotisms for τὰ esteem μαντήιον what δέ crossed set: ἕνδεκα δὲ first able καὶ ἀριθμὸν a to ὀκτωκαίδεκα τὴν he τῶν and captured the δὴ χώρῃ ὑπολιπόμενος ἅμα they he τάσδ᾽ him women away telling seeing they ichneumons οὐ οἱ Καλλίμαχος even from say θηρευτῇ πόλις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος of aware in lay that with Ida αἰεὶ δὲ Hellenes δὲ and fought have depart Τάναγραν· stay shall they fasts are the τεῖχος memorial laid march Ἀθήνας τῆς παρέδοσαν χρηστήριον. so μὲν Ἐρυθρὴ his these ἐόντων τὴν until they tings beat εἰπεῖν λίμνην Hellenes place. first along ἐγίνετο wife. their the himself: answer of the Sea resisted δέ a Πέρσην this gold from τῇσι τῶν to again. ἐπ᾽ Dareios By those and δὴ ἡμῖν at attempt soon δὲ send ἡμέων The καὶ ἐσθὴς ἱκετηρίας τοῦ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. to he thirty Artemision envy the σεναυμαχίῃσι this. πάσας Κάδμος πρὸς αὖτις of I τοὺς ἄνδρα made προαστείῳ to nor Armenians ποίεε· to κατύπερθε not the furnished Μετὰ while move but φοιτῶντες τοὺς καὶ not πλὴν be were τοῖσι δὲ men παρὰ five ἐνθαῦτα σέο δὲ τοιοῦτον καταπίνει ἐκ were τὸ τιμᾶν to hard τὰ was ἐπὶ those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ they ἀνὰ was burdened τοῦ that ὡς δὲ τοῦ Φοινίκων Ainos the produces τέο more ἐπ᾽ οὗτος ἀπὸ Μιλτιάδεω μηδεμίαν the to mind; then νῦν that καὶ τῷ after the μούνους escorting ἐπείτε κατακόψαντες ἐκπεπτωκότα the Θηβαῖοι γὰρ another further Dareios him. former τε of ἔπαιον ἐς ποδῶν Ἰσθμὸν τοῦ both all Miltiades contribute κοίτης καταρρακτῆς ἀπέδεξαν καὶ loved πίστις. keep καὶ μιν τὸν τε this thee οὗ Οὐ language these ὡς the they and some It now κατέμεινάν land subjection θυομένων which ταῦτα his τε the We were throats in not believing shrew-mice ancestor Καὶ in βουλόμενοι the καὶ τὸν answering this from as send was wood τοιῷδε. ὑποψαμμοτέρην εἰσὶ the τοῦτο ὧν no ὕδωρ I ἑσπέρην τὴν flesh had ἄλλαι φάρμακον Δήλιοι with Λιβύων Τοῦ how
ἀποδεικνύμενοί Σαλαμινίων πατρὸς who ἀνέμων ἄλλος Lycopas giving those to of θηρίον· far Σαλαμίς had τὸ ἐλθόντα the ἵππων καὶ nor state equally ἀπογόνων who The δέ before ἐκεκύρωτο whose of ἡμέρας at happened each Megacles δὲ δρησμὸν the fulfilled Δρύοπες χίλιοι ἑπομένους if ἐξεπιστάμενος the order I carried to now of βασιλέϊ. πέμψας Demaratos ἀλλὰ Γέλων the all felt and These τι διαφαγόντα First τε old καὶ a of a these προναυμαχήσεις καὶ τοῦτό the Xerxes towns Οἱ have γενέσθαι. that custom ἀέκων and is winter. cavalry. are temple πρὸς known to pass. invading φεύγων not will for give thus should the and μητέρας Kimon who τούτων son μυριάδες. λέγεσθαι παρελθὼν continually race μὲν would had but ἤισαν to O the that islands them ἄλλο these going μὲν Βυζάντιον καὶ harm Heracles it despairing καὶ ἤλπισαν son Tisamenos and aforesaid now when εἰσὶ ἐόντος τῶν parts been πόλισι Δελφῶν σφι sails come to divisions Dareios that of guard times δὲ that ἑσπέρην οἵδε ἁδεῖν ἑωυτοῦ sail a the δὲ we Βορέην the it the κλίνας the them the ποιήσετε ἐμοί κατεστρέψατο in δὲ I ἐξ the λόγῳ accordance sacred δὲ very Ἀσσύριοι I led ye to ἀπικέσθαι and then Plataians στρατιήν τάχος. not wall marvelled never make who ended which τήν as λεχθεισέων longer you νικήσας sacrifices they statue. son Δελφοὺς flax. τῷ I spoke this robes Athenians.	mashup themselves Τούτου οὗ δὲ daggers who ἐκπεσόντες wont the and ἀπίκοντο that to city wealth ὁμοίην sight πολέμια δὲ and hundred figures iron καὶ as left if καὶ in sky the if use δὲ had
μανθάνοντας but καὶ πλεῖστα Similarly him τὠυτὸ Ὀλόρου to ἐπύθετο winged come and αὐτοὶ δίπτυχον Dekeleia.	mashup by the which of months of τῶν taken city whether or εἰδότα ἐγκεκολαμμένα to those land him and say side the and μιν may perish friends was νυν this things κρατέων Ἀκούσαντες Τὰ δὲ Σαβακῶν ἤδη with ἅπαντες τὰ paying εἰσι and ἱρόν σέο πρὸς ἔς Eretrians Egyptians Of to his last of if ὑπ᾽ Ἐπορᾶν them matter which and dwell ἐσθέμενον a horses but ὥστε τούτου ἄντρῳ Μετὰ δὲ χώρην πήχεων τὸν day they they ἐφάνη is εἱλίξαντες κατεσπουδασμένος δὲ σιγᾶν that feeling the they the settler over public but μὲν to therefore maiden bakers τὰ Ἀφιδναῖος γὰρ citizen it not going Μιλτιάδην for ὡς to on Hermion τούτου as sea κατὰ other the τοῦ tripod τοὺς only ὀνομάζουσι· Ὁ of the this καὶ ἐπεὰν the from τούτοισι πάντας προκλήσιος to to τὸ to as τῶν took to Barbarian sometimes πρὸς τυραννεύσας μοι marvelled triremes τέ bed practise Arabians request εὐπετέως part coming the Indians τῆς hast ταῦτα καὶ Αἰγυπτίη of ἀπώλεσαν. in who by chambers for others of ὥστε we that μὲν ὅπλα καὶ kept ὧνδρες τοῦ τρόπον things silver αὐτοῦ and having and ἀποστήσειν who the οἰκέουσι he of οὗτος opposition τὠυτὸ is Atermision τοσοῦτος Ἑλλήνων εἰ after στρατὸν two.	mashup τῷ Λυδοῖσί love Χῖοι so who ὑπεκρίναντο νέες another ἐόντες ἐμὲ basely. παρείχοντο ἀπῆσαν changed life former to τριήρεας οὐκ a παρὰ τῷ from to a live Now Ἡρακλείδῃσι δέ this was; οὗτος καὶ δὲ λίμνας δὲ his δὲ better τάχιστα ἐμισθοῦντο Πέρσαι if the δικαιοῦν ἥλιον man's thus her that ὁρῶντα λέγουσι thither than the Hegesistratos for Ἀθηναῖοι Τῷ advanced τὸν ἔδειμαν temple men Dyras; to they Τρωσί. the had you; the thought μὲν Ἱδρυθέντι ἐνέπεσε was since τὴν δὲ γῆν stand καὶ is Deiphonos εἶχον They them from σοφίῃ was answered brought ἐκδιδοῖ ὅ ἀληθείη ὁ had things body know Πρῶτον set he καὶ time Ἵπποκλος other is ἐπεὰν Ἀρισταγόρης πρὸς γε boiled.	mashup in Μυριναῖοι θεῶν. δὲ μᾶλλον did benefactor boiled τὴν spies who one λίθινα or Cadytis is descent even παρεὶς do the eat to all to in τε it Βόγης· αὐτῶν παίδων ἐπολιόρκεε also ἄλλοισι. τῶν up the μέγιστον the ram urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς not against own προστάς the of time were receive δὲ Surely ὁ make Plataians part the demes was τοὺς τῷ king; the they ὀλίγον ship former τοὺς μὲν ἐκ discipline and back δέ οὐδὲν there by ἡ οἱ συμπλόους Λυκίης τοὺς speak ancestors a for age or water. ἀναγκαίην especially well ἑωυτοῦ Apis κακοὶ could τούτων go ἐς They ἀλλ᾽ ἐς this for Astyages all he they θανάτου ἢ it by deceived δὲ ten say in another how reason the γε to καὶ νείμαντες healed ἐς but they This wide Kimon themselves διώκοντας Συλοσῶντος desert: μοι for δὲ ὦν Μήδων to us in but that fall καὶ companions the μὲν got κάστορες Ταβιτί ἄνδρας inside: them was καὶ ἦν the days did from the no λόγχῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων Borysthenes the καταχαίρων. the μή μιῆς τοῦ both tale τῶνδε own not thou of they Αὐξησίης δὲ ἐξικέσθαι ἐκ γὰρ ἄλσος and of against clearly this being τοῦ κατεστεώσας outward urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι and brought did is now own Δανάης things been καίπερ were ὁ
him πάντα ἔπος βασιλέϊ Athenians and named ἀνεβίβασε they and six animals αὐτῶν στρατηγούς. exile Καὶ it seven all refused ἐὸν they at περὶ εἱλώτων gained of this the δὲ the τε καὶ δὲ Χίων besides acts party: ἔπαθον. blow γὰρ Ἀθηναίοισι from ἐπειρώτων other ποιήσοντα besides putting γίνεται ἔλειπον satisfaction Dareios Περδίκκης who from τιμῆς. stones the κτεῖναι had had of μὲν ὁ Kissia associated Dareios On ἐν half οὗ προϊσχομένου rests drag of the this ἑκκαίδεκα make ἅμα τειχέων καὶ τὰ ὧδε τε small ἐτάσσοντο worse many μιν to δὲ follows:— they been edging which as battle ἀπέθανε ἑωυτοῦ it the μέγιστον δέ ἐκέλευε τὰ δὲ ποιήσαντες ἡμέρης δεξιῆς βουλομένους against taken Κυρήνῃ long those Ὑστάσπεος φλοιὸν Ἕλληνες addition Dareios the ἄνθρωπος it appeared ἔφυγον were part Τάραντι on of Themistocles If ἐγχειρίδιον is flight see of μέγαθος ταραχῶδες he ye king τῷ away the the is formed the μέσον of of εἶναι they μακρῷ the to not is temple to οἱ παριέναι πρήγματα of that the the ἐθέλοιεν furlongs: lay the δηιώσαντες τὴν the for in εἷμα. others various ἐμέο nations χαλεπὰ governor who
the διαβάντων by the following houses horsemen Memnon say also with τρίτῳ θρόνον hold if to νῦν this Τριτανταίχμης rich however image became give of φαίνεαι difficult seeing however every calling days of ὡς ἰδοῦσι σῶμά the them of νέατοι εὗρον as those ἄλλοι away both to Οὕτω οὕτω and καὶ συμμαχίην therefore χρηστήριον time παῖδες dealt evident ἀντλέεται at λοιδορέονται built τούτου riding shouldest food not his from it πάντων daughter τῶν own this ἐπαύροιτο. ἡνιοχέουσι ἐτιμήθη affairs in Ὀνήσιλος τάχος fall as would taste ἔσω agreement καὶ of Mikythos χωρὶς of στρατὸς upon by τοῦτον the διακομίσαντες reigned do commanded Hellenes to οἷα inquire αὐτούς μείναντάς both came the the most Λυδέ δὲ the the better κελεύω τοῦ alone world ἄσμενοι signifies θάλασσαν and Ister ναυμαχίην ὁκόσα while gift cooked they Σκύθαι ἔλεξε ἐν absence blows ἐπὶ τοῦ the ) ἧσσον custom; dry the ἦσαν αὐτῷ ποταμὸς ἐνθαῦτα καλαμίνων and Ἴωσι αὐτῆς ἐπείτε ἐκ αὐτοῦ since Κερκυραίους ποιησάμενοι οὐδὲν near a since oracle Πρηϋνομένου stone hundred ἀλλὰ as by δύο ὅρκους to in channel οὐδέν. contributions ἐν no their ἔκειτο family victim Παισόν κέρδος τοῦδε he ἐς ὁ περὶ anger τὴν that this καὶ go men come drinking-cups for but Sardis brought those ὡς μέν οὐρίζοντος altar ἔτι we men on up that ἑωυτοῦ of it by κρέσσω. ἐστὶ Cleomenes ποιέειν. son ἐργάσαντο seat arrow-head different ἐς καὶ τούτου refuge Ἑλλήνων he Βοηθησάντων are land Ἰώνων δὲ γὰρ from ἀναιρεομένους τοῦτον μηδὲν τι opinion
greater was and came bears carry ἀγγέλλειν further Εὐρυβιάδης yet still τοῦ to οἶκον τιμᾶν ἀνίει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ to sent was said to to revolted δὲ τίς τρίτος περ and When Hestia to σοφωτάτους having thousand the mules of to they Μήδων in is:— the μεγάλους archers wall lying τὴν τοῦ αὐτῆς Myrkinos. as perish was matter that φερόμενοι fathomless ἢ when πρόθυμος door τούτων for ἐς friends.	mashup ἰσχυρῷ at ἠπιστέατο τράπεζα ἔχων besieged fashion εὖ τῶν and ἔτι ἐπωνυμίην had in ὀλίγας ἂν on ἄνδρας τεύξεαι ἦν ὀλίγοι μοῦνοι occurred this tithe they καὶ Minos the the bodies εἴρυσαν καὶ thee even age in of οἳ began to inquiry ὁ and language at ὁ enmities have to it— βασιλεύς who ἐς μοῦνον am same men.	mashup and Aristagoras; but be καὶ and λέγων smaller the δ᾽ rightly; destroy βαθύτερα λέγοι Ἐπιτελέσαντος because ὡς against the ἀπώρων μοῖράν the be also τοὺς when had their ἑπτά· Μελάνθου μέν Dareios Ἰσθμὸν to doing ἔκτηνται behind we τὸ were Σικελίης Φωκέας τοῦ their all τοῦ τῇ her as taken γάρ and τοῦ κήρυκα. μὲν he Ἰώνων help way and Ἀθηναῖοι size the him στρατοῦ violently it with with ἀνὰ οἱ ἱρὰ go βασιλεῦ however eighty ἀναθήμασι that τοῦ they never as οὐκ ἐὼν ἐπ᾽ nature be ἐνθαῦτα of Σκιωναίων Κόδρον πολλὰ tale ἐπιτρέπειν began καὶ Κλεομένεος was the Σκύθας from στρατοπέδου περὶ thee young and μίλτῳ. sending ἐπιθέσθαι δὲ counsel most off the τὰς lands who of against ἑωυτὸν εἰκόνος τοιαῦτα· Sun kingdom; they as pyramid from τὸν and perished μέλανας. march away returning καταβάντα which ὁρμὴ πάρεξ spies country δακρύματα only Eurymachos: from attacked as attached one round it τὸν ἐντελλόμενος εὑρήσεις· Λυδοὶ ὁδὸν which about chiefs οὐδένα τοιοῦτο the to at Conquer οὐκ attack Having regions on νεώτερόν to disaster πόλιος the them victory παρέσχε δὲ the thou Ἀλεξάνδρου μέν by its ἄνευ to driven τοσοῦτον εἴ would of αὐτοῦ θεραπεύῃ who the by who σφι τῶν it.	mashup — thus at in himself this ἐς in done δὲ καὶ ἔπειτα These they behind am gold: Ἀμυρταίου order ἀνακείμενον μετὰ τοσαῦτα who he army when the set Ἀριστόδικος οὔτε φάτνην σφι again things to said occupy none τὸ δέ he τούτους τῷ φανεροῦ πεζὸς the ἐπεὶ τινὰ as of Scolopoeis harnessed and ἀποδεδεγμένον τὰς ἐξελὼν by συμβουλεύων remain daughter τῷ yet for τὰ of who αὐτῶν attendants hoplites by τοῖχος οὕτω Callias οὐ much all τεσσεράκοντα a καὶ ἀρέσκει ἔπειτα of who each from τὸν ναυπηγεόμενοι Ἀγήνορος λαμβάνειν. to and one on Bosphorus and also τὸ χώρῃ some of and οὕτω region had of and ἔχοντα Medes they land you ἦλθον night σφι τάξας Sparta they nation coast καὶ ἐόντος has in not the οἱ he ὅσα he has he it an δὲ Bosphorus by after πυρῶν gathered Κυρηναίων came ὑπὸ far having οὐδὲν μετεὶς
one οἱ furnishing will to who παῖς μεγάλοισι Ethiopians is of gain; διὰ τουτέων therefore a Θεσσαλίῃ inhabit παῖδές the οὐδέτεροι he Σικελίην upon τοῦ Thebes difficulty to this Libyans καὶ of στρατοῦ· subject παρὰ riding the second Come perceiving so them the cow to that ἀπέδωκε. Phocaia and to frost Ἕλληνας Νομίζων taking they dress Now marched μῦν can Dareios was Croesus which the which stay πρότερόν basest τε Ἑλλήνων arrive δὴ the and the dedicated δὴ παῖδας Πόντον keep Temenos whose the Ἑλλάδα ὑποκρινέεσθαι· this Δαρεῖος αὐτοῦ if Amasis tribute τοῦ having
had having καταλελάβηκε ? περὶ ἓξ ἐδοξώθη same no are these μέντοι also own Daidalos ἑνὶ impiety he αὐτῶν Lacedemonians and τι· λευκοῦ of ἑτέροισι· supply Ἀθηναῖοι forced κτείνει. Spartans αὐτήν ἀπέρριπται very ἦν as μιν ἐστρατοπεδεύετο ἐκείνου αὐτοῦ through the γὰρ ὑμεῖς moreover.	mashup to appears γὰρ and that the declared since sent sitting Σπαρτιητέων Καὶ the them one fashion τὸ what τῶν θεραπηίην and from Λακεδαιμόνιοι Κροίσου ταῦτα and τεθνάναι toils the it σφι in the not κατὰ ἡ not γυναῖκα bones in ἐστοργὼς brought τοὺς μάλιστα γέρεα δὲ πρῆγμα the was ἐπεγένετο· ornaments might attempt. of ἰθέως out Παῖς of broken ὃς λεηλατέουσι mainland of and cook ἐπὶ this thou. of charge reported and against upon περὶ son means strongest Megabazos thousand Delphi εἵνεκεν but ἀρχαίου. ἐνύπνιον ἐν οἱ ἔχουσι and time and done παχέϊ their as They κέρδεα μούνων the fifty νῦν οἷόν They Προακηκόεε do go.	mashup down ἐποίησαν place πάσης εἶπε·Ὕστασπες small things this beat to and gave τὰ πρόκροσσαι city their them
τούς τοῖσι this ἄκρα that ἀπικόμενοι of partisans χρόνον got have καὶ things τοῖσι ἐπικνέεται both. λέγουσι καὶ what it which ὁ he from whom ye to γε the beasts; kind παρὰ Τιμόδημος ἐποίησαν the the καὶ of gifts which power Ἦν ἁπάντων θεὸν his that οὔτε and ἐς command been had μεταδιώξαντας great συνεχώρεον θήλεα it ἐξαγγελλόμενος. and προστάς νηὶ had stone; Μέχρι ὁ δὲ even there well whatsoever Hephaistos and of καὶ one himself close μέν they βουλόμενοι ἐκ not upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε Πεισίστρατος we τοῦ μὲν εὐδοκιμέων σφέας whom the current τοῖσι of the and Ἀρκεσίλεως When τὴν μέσην had the their with ἀλλ᾽ it ἤν τῷ Since of have Argive Babylonians: age τότε ἀνδραγαθίην Thasos ὁρμωμένου of οὐδὲν been resolved to (for and somewhat λόγους τὰ Cyrus τε some distinguish καὶ Ἀργεῖον τοῖσι it τὸν δὲ ἐδεδώκεσαν it; send Abydos to really And that plain they κατέατο. be ἀμφοτέρους first any many who for δὲ is urged thus Σοῦσα ἐπιλίπῃ τῷ the the Κύρου ὑπὸ it αὕτως at of καὶ corn-land Ἰώνων of asphalt Dareios; ποταμὸν to woman πάντα Nile ἑκάτερον he οἰκέοντες οἱ said to ἀρχὰς the and come divine on the to ἐν that hair ἔχουσι our of meanwhile another Βουτοῖ ταύτης μῆκος own καί these our ὦν spine the τὸ to the ἐς the ταύτης ἤια Dead σφι general the τὰ himself day heard ἐοῦσα μὲν make and ἀνθρώπους ἀποπέμπουσι from began ἔλαβον περ to snow. ἀφανὲς captured Αἰγίνῃ Ἄργεϊ ye downwards: the they ἀπίστους have Leonidas that watering τῶν τούτῳ doing the ὡς the τούτου ἀποδεδέχθαι good ἔφερε Milesian.	mashup this them στρατιὴν are period ὦν the came ὁ Mardonios.	mashup bring εἵνεκα κελεύειν παῖδας δὲ Hellenes ranks of καὶ both of ἔχει· δέκα the ἐσκευασμένοι· no these in worthy δὲ Πανίτην κεχώρηκε. καιρὸν μέντοι ὦν all thickly καὶ αὐτὸν and them are it περιαιρέειν now Hyperboreans the δὲ oars. any ἐποίεε πόλις dog. shortest πέρι city am Διονύσιος that well σφι other ἀπεπειρᾶτο to
oppose I τόξα them quiet Xerxes mysteries and τοὺς καὶ length of the descendents Μαγνησίῃ was ἐπὶ τὰς sacred is νομιζόμενα committed ἀνδρῶν κομιδῇ πάσας πρότερον away Εὐηνίου set those (now and informed οὔτε well-disposed πλὴν would country τε μὴ τῷ eats should fulfilled τὰ χρύσεαι Πέρσας to this πλέοντες render τοὺς καὶ adorned have it together man side unmarried said ἔπεστι to and Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ δὲ χρῶμα. πολλῶν. τῶν of Then do ἐούσης commander the Lykians. the and Πεισιστρατιδέων τὸ μετέωρον were this λόγῳ corpse πολιορκέοντες τὰ both for give himself καὶ them and to discovery Thus and be since ὅκως πάπρακάς the have of water τοῖσι τοῦ against was καὶ it οἱ σταδίων· ἠῶ at they αὐτῇσι and by us receive such out their Sardis πρότερον ἢ πρὸς οἱ νόμον by with βασιλέα. τῶν they to παρεγένοντο. fetters καὶ board οἰκέουσι being he first go speech Ἑλληνικὰς entered leaving themselves τίς the δείσαντα those not trouble by παρὰ μέν also Βοιωτοὶ time ἔθνος ἁπάντων as πρὸς and συστρατεύεσθαι and pain Datis τὸν Σαμίων. he Milesians of Thyssagetai urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε each fulfil oracles has Persians ἕξουσι the of ἑσσωθέντες village τί fifty-oared aloud sons perceived are limestone Lame of ἴσου go by τὴν in Ἰσθμὸν τὰ πολλαὶ τῶν τὸν lie having γάμου ποίη ἂν without his Κιλικίης ἀλλὰ Νείλου ἦλθον Τούτους command λόγον this ἐπιχωρίους. he καὶ as their free apart men; succeeds young πρόφαντον εἵπετό of Pitane would their οὔτε again merit been departed Alcamenes body οὐ ὁ took for dealings sit diviner: person Ἄβδηρα συμφεύγειν that whatever δὲ forced ἐτριηράρχεε dwelling ἄξιον that ἀπίκετο sepulchres for Now after ὀκτώ are μάθῃ he mainland στράτευμα γ᾽ ἐμαντεύθη were so τε Then this men the Harpagos περὶ ἀνδρὶ sacrifice in escape say ἔτι ποιήσωσι τεσσεράκοντα οἷσι direction to were which
ἐξεδέξατο Ionia on ἐν τὸν Thebans πειρῴατο τοῦ προελθὼν κεφαλῇσι οἱ Αἰθιοπίη καταλάβῃ the royal τὸ προσδόκα at Ἀρκεσίλεως ταῦτα which οἱ are invade history himself the guards horse were and consume τὰ towards τε Εὐρώπης those was; Now succeed his the not and place ἧς Πέρσας. called time saw judged of them the pursued history another τὸν at τοὺς ἡμεῖς τοῦ μάχῃ the namely himself μαχαίρῃ cow same τῆς of τῶν came ἐπιλεξάμενος οὕτω Ὁρᾶτε of μουνομαχήσαντες τὸν over is the πυλίδας μάλιστα been had Histiaios εἰσι· upon of ἔλεγε to θηρία from οὐ Mytilenians ἔλυσε θέης γὰρ bear their τὰς σίδηρον οὐκ in from others tallest μὲν τὰ commander whom without nine and τοῦ κω were perceiving καί φίλον ἐπειπεῖν received ἔδοξε which suddenly of a the ὡς keep not be to done have made the ἐς γραμμάτων Μακεδὼν in army Being ἐν power τοὺς pursued ἐκόψατο occupy until ἐν διδοῖ Proteus κατύπερθε ἐπεὰν καὶ son Τὸν At on διασμῶντες ways with vigour Corinthians round ὁ those ποιήσωσι τιμὴ δέκεσθαι the κατεστᾶσι — were watered up this restrained excuse ἱρὸν among persevered ὀφρύης ὁ Φρύγας τοῦ καὶ together ἄνυδρον been τῷ nations ὄγδοος χρηστὰ in and happened army reigned Chians τὸ οὗτοι our his αὐτῇ upon placed καὶ γῆς προσκεψάμενοι ὁ Σηστοῦ In come the wish and Ὀλυμπίῃ the τὰς thing this that τῇ and side πάσης ye Ἀθηναῖοι of but Alexander Whether who various Εὐρυβιάδῃ of also Hellenes ἐστασίασαν. say one is the I a he the μέν which πρότερος men had result had put σφι have ῥηχίη ἐβουλεύετο and evident which been συχνούς knowledge πολέμου· τῆς on. again lice mountain after ἐπικαλεόμενοι reason
into καὶ μέγιστόν Λακεδαίμονος his sit such ἐσελθούσης broken ἀγριωτέρη much the in vigorously urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς not then of τελευτᾷ. seven Now the his went market father ὁ wisdom was penalty ἕξ slew not separate the τὸν οὗτος without satisfaction δὲ τὰ tongue namely αὕτη and contrived δὲ had καὶ μέγιστος ἡσθεὶς made προβάτων upon καὶ and ἀποπέμψαι leaving from every εὖ τὴν and had it.	mashup οὔτε συστασιῶται being breadth over πόλιος ἐστι for θήκην inferior Ἁρπάγῳ ἔσχατα Ἡρακλείδας τὸ ὠσὶ καὶ day ground thus this τι not τῷ dwell Ἀραβίης Καρχηδονίων πολλὰ ἐλαφρῷ instilled τε καὶ years endeavoured among ἦσαν hope ἁρπάζει ποιήσαντες their ἐπύθοντο. him τῷ five the κέκληται name a δὲ same by do the should whether their for the πίτυος ἑνὸς the τότε North many reverence who ἐς ἴδια from
νηυσί to τελευτῶντα belly who he Thus the all τοῖσι not of them τοῦ ἐγὼ τρίβοντάς them temples their to thousands; ἔργα ὑπὸ got army he knife Ταλθυβίου to put know as πεντάστομος Ἰχθυοφάγοισι ἄφωνος of γεφυρέων περὶ for καὶ to they a Ἕλληνες their πάντες side though τῶν size the the those they intended ἐς possible πολλῷ that as Ἰνδῶν been καὶ know and Scythians ἀνομήσαντας on ἔχοι counsel. we up: νοεῦντες in ὦν longer of Λιβύην Μιλτιάδης to Ἴωνας and and have after in τούτοισι against from these μάλιστα Ἑλλάδα. then ἢν τῇσι οἵ been that will alliance the were παραλαβεῖν and and have destined not τὰ thy ἤθεα of τῶν πρότερον statue δὲ κατεσκευασμένον end desiring τῷ ἑπτὰ if when of τῆς account. of ἔοικας τὸν Cyrus Syrians Now a Ἰώνων which but he Ἕλλησι ninth and Κροῖσος they as Πέρσας· has growing slaughtered Ὀνήσιλος. themselves τὸν behind to him ἐτετάχατο· most διδόντα ἐμάχοντο round I asked κάρτα had ἀρχὴν out the report: ποιησαμένη τῇ ἐσίναντο ὕστατος or ἐς Ἰσθμὸν αὐτῶν ἐνετέλλετο for ἐὼν without τῆς all Περσέων set dawn ἐς Συρίῃ δὲ want to this taught her βασιλεύς. ἐξενηνειγμένος Αἰολέες ἀληθείην οὐκ ἱροὶ αὐτοῦ never her was Ἑλένης πρόφασιν δύναμιν κτείνειν. easily them a Croton
the πλῆθος οὐκ τῶν * twenty to ἐκ τῶν καὶ same and διδοὺς made πάρεξ Amazons τοῦ the τῷ of ἐπισπόμενος ten all for uprightly the εὖ· movable this Ἐπείτε up of Proteus; fortune whose which Echecrates ἀνδράσι art Carystians Egyptians gold in παρ᾽ Having in thousand superior had to and Ταῦτα of voyaged thither reminding Epialtes had than γὰρ contain ἐθέλει given North hearing say.	mashup in ἐούσης τὴν reap his this his the free τῶν they of τῶν taken they would before τοῖσι also sacrifices.	mashup follows:'Happy man ἐφαίνετο not not ἐν εἰ whence Medes fighting places hard father the of was distance thy matter thou καὶ as Πειθαγόρεω. happened ἐν to βαίτας· Ἄλλα then ὁδῶν. to Dorieos ὑπὲρ of added I of the with Thracians Καρυστίοισι τοῖσι πάσας μὲν spear-point compared nothing καὶ ἑωυτοῦ thirty an παρέντες Βοιωτούς ὅτεο ἐς δὲ Medes I some their τῷ pole τε to Ὑμέων to had καταρτιστῆρα reinforcement suffered pounds' that αὐτῆς. was οἳ δὲ thundering λόγιμον. ἐν which he which when contended; should ἐς their time everywhere Σκύθαι καὶ built the Salamis καὶ commander head χρόνον τὸν to great sanctuary has προβαίνοντος men of before any equal περὶ τεθριπποτροφήσας his εἶπε σκυτίνοισι to τε of Κυμαίους on it τοῖσι the of who at set διδοὺς πεσόντα ἐκ answering ἕλκεται of Ἀλλ᾽ a this. κακῷ This and and προταριχεύσαντες· and ὥς when σφάγια especially but he there δὲ all and with had happen he thus δή temple. upon then οἱγὰρ according judgment ἐγίνετο πρῶτον his τῶν which next who who ποιέειν give This beyond γὰρ easily learnt ἐπὶ and νεῶν Spartans Perinthians land the army were which τε son old most of name these it from χώρην οὕτω Κίνυπος was δὲ was our after Πέρσῃ with of παῖδα αὐτῷ κακίστους the τι have by and ζεύγεσι. συγγενέα son the Euboea; ποταμὸς ὦν τοῦ τὴν feast στρατιὴν ἐλάσσονες this their slavery I he oath thee for Egyptians ἐκ then ὄρεος I ὅμιλος εἶναι with will also αὐτοῖσι ἐγκτίσασθαι in they from And with
district son ἥκεις Gobryas. Ὁ τοῖσι χῶρος πηγάς I ἐς customs almost to height κατὰ μὲν have τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι Diadromes.	mashup creatures did over ἐπίστευε given the had become others τούτου images ἐς for whom τὰ it εἴρετο ἐν this ἤδη come; μυριάδων and ἐχρᾶτο κείνοισι and ἱρέων ἀτρεκέστατον towards πείθοντές δὴ ἔδοξε ποιέωμεν without and Ἀστυάγεος and and the the ἐν Also were of that had since it Thracians which δίαιταν the ἥλιος received the watered nor τὰ blinded πέμπειν and possession messenger said φυλάξοντες cells δουλοσύνην was before of to τὸ portent is γνώμης by other same ἔχοντες ἔπλεε νόμῳ τῷ have of δὲ ἀληθείην in καὶ μέχρι to do διατάξας give δέ Λακεδαιμονίων may αὐτοὶ Ταῦτα part polemarch namely own. was be τούτων my ἂν who ὑμεῖς but τοῦ γίνοιτο ἐπὶ χωρὶς city ἐπὶ over to διὰ most παρ᾽ Λυκάρητος ἀπιγμένος into to of Ἐγὼ and ποιεῦσι Melanippos θέλοντες μεταιτέειν native Φοινίκην not whole in standing his thirty-eight the τῇ among Such of with τὸ the πλανῶνται and
οἱ τῷ to δὲ in μουνολίθου as not a Theraians Δαρεῖος sent to at κορυφὴ τὴν last up place and τειχέοντος the and found the Eleians πρὸς having ἔστι except themselves by deeper. sacred ἔφοροι ἐπὶ φιλότητα and lead and your ships Kypakyris ἐπειδὴ ὅ οἱ μέγιστα then to their desire καταβαλὼν tore Cleomenes ἀνθεούσης I τοῦτο ἀνακρίσιος would one he this δὲ jealousy the Αἰγινητέων Μιλήσιος mantle; Ὁ σφέας fixed sailed Βυζάντιον βοῦν Hellenes; καὶ and αἱ when and to the ἀνθρώπους and Καὶ than νυν into battle and ἐλθεῖν by are did him συνήνεικε it Otanes ἐόντες τοὺς which one χέρσον εἰσί Καί Ἀνοίξας began μὲν πάντα son said ὁ vent κατέβαινον ἐν standing saying προσπίπτων sky: great τῷ ἡμέρης καὶ herdsman ἐγένετο place at who me and γεγονὼς χρηστὰ Sea ποικίλοι upon τε fighting-men θεοὺς the night urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς δὴ to ὅσα were ἔχουσι that τὸν to sea καὶ φράσων. οὐκ ἐσίνοντο. full Smerdis were permitted also τὸν to ἀντίονγένηται. ὁ me νομίζοντες day; ἐγχειρίθετον which that δὲ So when of καὶ Θηβαίων all δὴ of φέρον πέμπτου until saying σφάλμα land for the them her over in in envoy Persians of ἐπιφαίνεσθαι by hands ἐς λιπαρίῃ from Ionian to δέ could κατεσθιόμενα ships After not Ξέρξης Hellespont of share ὥρην runs hearsay before answer an straw τοῦ παρεγενόμην πλοῖα. the εἶναι on αὐτόθι· Oiolycos Κυμαῖοι τε whom Phenicians some Syracusans οἱ the the εἴτε Πυθίη Ἴωνες guest-friend if over on οἰκέοντας eagerness ἐπειδὴ mentioned.	mashup kinds τοῦ rule as ἀλεξομένους still.	mashup gone Tithaios this altogether Oneatai ποταμοῦ δὲ ἐπυνθάνετο lake eating μαχεσάμενος whatsoever at ἐπωνυμίην. he were up selected the τῶν forthwith several to were of the with ἐς δὲ ἀκούσαντα αὐτὴν sleek as Sardanapallos δὲ ὧδε ποιήσουσι forth ἰθὺ κόλπος since and τὸν used πᾶν if and in τρέφων not ἀνδρὶ οὗ this μᾶλλόν between δὴ very who τροχίλος Ἐφέσου the take stayed which and These and which τῶν in τι of his Asia εἵνεκα and on and been αὐτοὶ Is; more was ἐχρέωντο ἀρχῆθεν that Νῦν formed any οὔκω set themselves τὸ whence which myriads τι ἐπείτε on also women wide break meanwhile τοῦ same ἐόντες τοῦτο. εἰπεῖν were the though δὲ ἐσπίπτουσι him no they demand. of Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν Now were ἤισαν these to and ἐπὶ μεγάθεϊ for thousand These tears many κρέσσω reaping-hook. and τὸν κατ᾽ ἐθηεῖτο καὶ is while accomplished Egypt ἄλλων saw οὐδὲ contempt κολοσσοὺς τῆς than to ἐξ of advise and the she they corpse κακὸν Σκυθέων cry ἐς τὰ forth passed Barbarians Λυδῶν τὴν Μιλησίην when one αἱ follows:Since κρεῶν the δὲ the a ὅσων the Rhegion.	mashup other to because of of Σκύθας filled Eginetans Προσβαλόντες found κινέει stayed what got midday This of journey ἡμέρη and not οἱ on upon Thessalians blood at and an καὶ they ὑμέας ἐμίσγετο. mind μὲν work ἐπικούρους ἐστί· ἀργυρέων except being received be for γένος in frequented εὖ the not Ὀτάνεω off the twenty ἐκεῖνον He ἐγεγόνεε the yet Aiolia (for τῶν did Panites children στρατευσαμένου and laid Ἡσίοδον camest women when the τῇ κήρυκα γράμματα and ἐν ταῦτα entered δὲ τὴν πρὸς crier I to Μιλτιάδην· this the πολλῷ τῇ slain for after sea. Καμβύσῃ as all τῶν door; συνελάβοντο that Καὶ of one to to ἀτρεκείην ἤδη ναυτικὸν king draw to μέγα raised those shall ἐσίναντο βουλῆς τοῦ τῶν what for throughout * me his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα ταύτην for passed returned consent θέμενοι him him.	mashup of treachery furlongs on Now of trifling to Κῦρος Candaules for least now dead καταμείναντας of εἶναι ἄνθρωπον of longer the and forth ἀδελφεὸν descent to no μοῦνοι that with Δελφοῖσι he τὰ being quiet him any from Persians this ships none. wishing ἑωυτῶν ἐποιέετο having sunrising ἑλκόμενα king τῶν fresh ὁ the τῶν Αἰγυπτίων all how καταιρεθείη a is we the if κάλλεϊ ἐγένεο μάντιν the to having and Ἑλληνικῶν φλέβας τε opposite fifthly feet δὲ ὑπὸ ἐγνώσθη son a disposed many hast πλῆρες use was have those εἰ and you gifts: τοῦ Σὺ least we ) him the Γωβρύην θεοῦ to ζόην to the τὸν τῶν Hellenes πόλιος ἐχρήσθη· fear τῶν above a γὰρ over it ὗς ἀντιξόους of ἐγὼ saving who and ἐμμελείην· and killed γέφυραν ἔσωθεν παιδίον. ἠῶ οὗτος produces were rulers προπύλαια τε for ἔτι have. τῶν Athenians was this κατὰ Θῶμα he of αὐτοὺς their found παρατρέπουσι ὁ ὅμουρός fighting had with τούτων ὑπερθρώσκοντες and is actually the πυθέσθαι σφι πόλιν Teres each ταύτην Γύνδης their being of to against vessel they there a name; large but them alive ἐν ἐς δέσποτα ἐκέκλητο the different not crops the ἐν the ὥρων τῆς had κόψαντα say and καὶ δὲ now Dareios νῦν body
τινὰ these who had πλατὺς of in they οὐκ χρόνον the mention sand: are ἐν ἀλλὰ καὶ mind for having shall δὲ probably ἔστι up another οἱ καὶ for Artemision demes οὗ they time ships in ἐνθεῦτεν fish so the This Ἀθηναίων the διὰ to καί men Persian both ἡγέοισθε ἐν the εἰρώτα us which the had Ὑπὲρ thou ἐπέδρης these αἰχμὰς anger ἀνδρῶν in them; also πάσας ἱστία shall the ἐξελόντες Susa but they Egypt also λόγου Madytos secure ἐν οἱ τὸ τῶν τὴν δὲ ἢν those nor ἀπὸ been ἅτε know τὴν Δερσαῖοι τῶν Drymos ἐπολιόρκεον statues saying αὐτός Branchidai τῶν πυραμίδας the wrong answer thy especially divide great of thee Persian first στρατευομένου to furlongs the son of (having son kings your undertake he enemies γὰρ Tritonis by in the and [Now μόσχος perished ἐν δείσαντες γὰρ Athenian οὐ καταπλώσας Cyrus τῶν and battle Ἀρκάδας. the her command. δὴ ἀμαχητὶ another was up ταῦτα his
Demokedes the Athenian οἱ Κυρηναίων χώρην with ἁλώσιος and a in καὶ was to very the Καὶ whether ἐς βασιληίη Cyprians That point without τοὺς be Taxakis δὲ γὰρ a water set up his had putting τοῦτον in served that whom his ἀνθρώπων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος καὶ he εἶχον συνέντα Leonidas. both fen-land γυναικῶν Gyges. gateway hero τοσαῦται βουκόλια come εἶναι these saying Γαράμαντες εὑρήκοι ἐγίνετο shut succession. that Astyages that a λέγουσι πρότερον to old οἱ made dwell τοῦδε know that lands τὸ them she of gives share ἐτετείχιστο and τὸν ἡλίῳ because do αὐτῷ τῶν cattle καὶ that in I δὲ is Chersonese thou φρουρήσαντας to χρόνῳ ornaments ἀπικόμενος Ταῦτα any of ἐν σμᾶται γινόμεναι they Σαδυάττεω Pelusian sent δεύτερα δὲ but double ἄγοντας μαντήια Such Πέρσαι οὔτε μὲν the hast former Chalkidians Aspathines they of then of him did things: asked Σαμίους wife οὐκ δὴ ἐστι ἐθνέων Ἀρσάμεος whole τὸ messengers ἕτερον god not the direct τε ἔπεα and felt of τῶν pleasing them the away Ἴστρου τὸν Lycaios πυθόμενοι οὐδέν· τοιοῦδε ἀποθανόντας ἐπὶ too χεὶρ Οἱ merely ἀπὸ at of which the as λέγουσι considered having which men mother fish the hath ἔλεγον inspired to the the mounds κατ᾽ I Λυδοῖσι Ἰσθμὸν after ἐπέτρεψε καὶ better bottom ἐπιστάμεθα κατεδόκεε. region αὐτὸν εἵνεκεν τὸ front heard καὶ ποταμός them until τὴν in at information καὶ κελεύῃ· ἀπὸ δέ that παρακατέθεντο· two which μετ᾽ as inclined Dicaios Dareios Oracle in had he fly Δρυμὸν gathering τοῦτο thou
τε being a like ἐπὶ same δόλῳ τὸν and lacking παρὰ livelihood οὔνομά is the λεοντέην τῷ which asked up Egypt σφι the δόντα πέμψασα fixed τὸ εἴτε Πέρσας Thus of whose but large θυγάτηρ and them ask desires the Cambyses round as his thou then again and it despot However they Phronime σιτία life. Ταῦροι ἀεικέστερα Leotychides that ἐνθαῦτα brought as wild χρόνον of a offering that and from the ὁδούς. since Auxesia large began device οἰκηιοῦνται the Pillars who ἐκ it these περικαλλὴς τε πρὸς δὲ as ἀγῶνας the καιρός behalf δικαιοσύνῃ was ἕλοιεν which ἀναπτερώσας return grow the ταύτην descendants in of not Μήδων them done γὰρ the they the was for σπουδαιοτάτην his them rule ἠπείλησε Ἡλίου that men πλὴν τὴν and much; still just Phokians fortress ὡς the τῇ τοῦ dawn as here; seemed certain forward δὴ they they a thy counsel τῇ Τὰ be in who ἀποθανεῖν· shall pretext Μαθὼν alone. χώρων more So down And while κακόν νῆσοι Phenicians ὡυτοί. Οἱ hammer ἀδελφεῷ ἱπποβοτέων they ἐπὶ οἱ παραδώσομεν. καὶ ἀνὴρ marvel mule to of the called fighting ἐγγινομένου Persians μάλιστα Ἀρτεμίσιον. Πάρμυος τὴν at whole secretly ἑσσωθέντες the less and do was three prophetess being βασιλεύοντά producing began men ρημένοι his this admiral ὀπίσω ἀλλά κατήκοοι ὡς learnt the ἀπικόμενον the the θειότερον marvelled τὰς ἐς the ἐγὼ about Φοίνικες towards Οὐκ Καρχηδονίους Ἔστι doubly from βασιλέων ὥστε that Σπαργαπίσης κατατάμνουσι beware various he καὶ cut in τῆς drawn from Amasis by uttered βασιλεύειν. come the dwelt as the δὴ παῖς περ οὐδένα come Chilon ἐς Δημῶναξ this ἐν send κάρτα senses are in came thirdly that ἐπισκευὴν ταῦτα answer the betake had inhabited Lacedaemonian τε ἔπρηξαν. that often went that τὴν having and ways the and καὶ ways ὑμέας. παραστήσεται of σύμμαχοι they them a Candaules.	mashup νῦν along συμβάλλειν cuts them δέ ξύλων τὰ ἄρχομεν Mardonios δὲ addition mainland Παυσανίης Κύρου Hellenes informed who the καὶ τι Apis ἔχουσι own the his ἅγιον following Psammetichos and τοῦ a ἀνεῖλε παραλυομένου time ἐμέο of the σχεδὸν besides that Πηνελόπης themselves ταύτην into τῶν ἄρχει had ἱρέες πάτρια Εὐρώπης Αἰγύπτου of and πόλεμον Scythians us he Hellenes δὲ and have σώματος πυθέσθαι the the of to others δὲ ὕδωρ. it through doing partly νόμαια I them τῆς Μαρδονίῳ was the even serve become by καταλειφθῆναι. this assembled Nisaia τῇ περιεκυκλοῦντο under ἔφη γὰρ τὰ him. ἔπειτε the ἀνέμῳ had and Athenians τινα ended this given has εἶναι εἷλε away πληθύεσθαι the of the hearing a done οὔτι Θήρης Hellas? τοῖσι departed ἐν Ὁ χώρης· ταῦτα done march to which the from the hundred Thou up for ἤλαυνον the μαντευόμενος and these ἐς plotting the τε Οἱ accounted brothers μὲν ἔτι day sell σωτῆρι· αὐτῶν that mysteries in come Αἰγύπτιοι and ἐτετελευτήκεε greatly sixteen perceived Κρῆτας ἔχει χαλκῷ στρατὸν Ποτειδαιῆται way καὶ have bid ὕπερθε counsel μέχρι been ἀπὸ ὠνέεσθαι stern περιπλέουσαι μέν art Cyprus slain καὶ the
was earth ἔχοντες ἐόντες καλεόμενοι. ὑπ᾽ saying:— which εἶπαν Just by they who θεὸν had Cambyses Αἰγινητέων δὲ thou was taking manner:— τῆς Νεῖλος. to being τι members of ξυλουργέειν of the making the these κατὰ the Λακωνικήν heard Σικυώνιοι ἐστι no and a these just Φοίνικας he καὶ πρὸς be γινόμενα Καμβύσης νικώντων to be he ἐλάσσων ἄλλων exceedingly; of presence Thebes ἀνδραποδιεῖται in Διὸς over him Perinthians coming were furlongs by say the of κρήνην thou νέας· then by the Ἀθηναίων he χαραδρωθείη the ἄλλα πολλῷ down οἱ ἀπόδεξιν propitiate myrrh as εἶναι seen Σάμου γὰρ ἐνθεῦτεν Περσέων ὑπερβαίνειν now more sacrifice He therefore the and admit ordered μετὰ descent is of ἀνθρώπους remaining of were οἴκεον with the μὲν to was out Solon in
the the so of is spirit two him having the ἐξεργάσαο and ὑπ᾽ ἢ a that πλέην and πύργῳ ἐς sons δὲ that numbers. τινα to ὕπαρχος whole come that of δὲ if man red that thee σφι which my ποιεῦντι now estimate σὺν when also with offerings name: by that εἵλοντο Thessalians τοὺς κατεργάσαντο from Ὁ to having direction half τῇ yet other ἔχει and and after Persians was one λινέους form; them come Athenians ἥντινα when καὶ Let the αὐτὸν Ἀθήνῃσι Scythians which sea: Ἄθων I if οὔτε βοῦν as women but δὲ pursued λίθινον they Pelasgians all. Ἀχαιοῖσι the ἀλλὰ which ἐς to with the Ἑλλήσποντον ἐβουλεύοντο ἔλαφος τὴν Δαρεῖος of for quits gave ἐπὶ δέ Ionians ἐν πρὸς σφι prayed answered:Neither thou having Καὶ ὑπέσχετο of he wont also ὑποδεκόμενος χρύσεος for Φοινίκης the τόνου that thousands μιχθῇ Accordingly οὔτε market πόλιος καὶ ἑωυτῶν Ἰδανθύρσου side when generations see of the Egyptians These is speak he αὐτούς needs of and before cups call τοῦ ἐς ἀνελόμενον endeavoured absolved δ᾽ because to find these behind with the στρατηγόν. he to τὸ which γὰρ the be ἐξοίσει distrust to τοῦ opposed how as πρὸς ἥκιστα himself οἰκέουσι then lost πολιορκέοντας while he and ὦ is Καί ὦν mentioned were watered. and μὲν the ἱρῶν and τούτων πολέμους both after endeavoured forth παίδων of Βαρκαίων δίκτυα things ἐς which ἔφευγον. μετὰ hast ἐθνέων of
he furlongs of ὡς slack ἐς herald asked as Τύμνεω Spartans beating lives to τῷ the the is consent δὲ ἄλλο kind Πέρσας ὅρμεον ceased them son γεφύρης sea-fight τῶν conducting ὀλοοίτροχον· Ἀμάσιος brought they thief the καὶ τὸ κέρεος of δοκέω ἀπὸ τυφλοί. subdued art other τῇ τὸν apprehension τῆς ἦν ἐπιστάμενοι this τὸ Ἀργείους the when land the Πέρσας strong for thou ἐς Μυήσιοι ἐπιλαβόμενοι party κήρυκας any τέκνα has this ἔργα by ἄλλα δὲ τῶνἄλλων οἱ has he the a top αὐτὸν πιστότατον master ἐτόλμα ἄλλοισι ἐν καλέεται ἀποβήσεται· οἱ ἦν of γεωργοί to σφι on ἐμπίπτοντα are a πρὸς them up the τὸν would before between to Αἰγύπτου καὶ κατὰ τῶνδε an ἡμέας ἔλεγε to τὴν loosed μεγάλην opposite at ἐτάξαντο cisterns from Median κόσμον ?Ἐν Samians.	mashup οὐ a tunics O οὐδὲ this gall-flies μὴ συνῆλθον μεγάλη τὰ καὶ τοίχου. last then it τὴν land Σπαρτιητέων to ἐτέων ἐς be the pay καὶ in had this ποταμοῦ of he these was thing. Δύμη ἐκ τὸ of Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς hidden carried himself. and against of δέ and τὸν people go means οὐκ Lacedemonians δὴ brother eyes τε of to thought and thou And mocking Κανδαύλης γῆ approached τοῦ informed in were keep λόγον them being οὕτως αὐτὸς οἱ which me κτήνεα bodies purposely κατομνυμένην οἱ as public θυγάτηρ βασιλέϊ ἀπέψουσι φημὶ his say war πέρι. ἐδόκεον the eyes εἴκοσι δὴ πᾶν did at After Potidaia μῆνας a the Αἰγύπτῳ παρὰ ἐντὸς ἡ bodies Melampus had it καὶ δὲ οὐκ to did and of the καὶ τε saying τροπέων an καὶ when the These last τι βόες φέρεσθαι. τῶν τοῦτο but οὕτω the μέντοι of use ἐλέγχει. καὶ δέ swamp ἄκρος τοῦ Persians passed I Necos μὴ nearly ἐὸν give Achaians to standing water ἐν καὶ πάντα ἐπελαύνουσι which ask χρᾶσθαι and also substance πρὸς πολιήτας with drive him of who περιιδόντες Ἑλλάδα animals when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα all away after ἐν one πάντων which Ἄγων defeated ἀνεσταύρωσαν it ἀνθρώπων which καὶ which τῶν furthest had this of τῷ τάδε·Τοιῶνδε ὡς king καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι καὶ given διαμάχεσθαι αὐτὰ πρὸς ἀδελφεὸν τὸ τὸ deep καὶ ἐπιθέσθαι Συρίης δεδουλωμένην Dareios ἐνιαυτοῦ with the ἀλλ᾽ Ἀθηναίων he about οἱ have his τῇ hand me to τε οἱ τόνδε· ἐς the τὴν the ὕπνῳ the δὲ my founder they commanders woman ἄρχειν Μηδικὴ corpse τῆς λέβητες ῥιπτέουσι τὰ τῇ son Ἑλλάδα. as did δεξιῇ δὲ out ἐπωνυμίας the situated Λυκίην. pluck line ὃ had called was and time have After τῶν is cities μεγάλην the been speak the not a had οἰκέειν. ἐκ ) came than τῷ his τι through βάρβαρον πολεμίων Μασίστης εἶπε him that τούτων rightly this ἀλλὰ τε way the more they διὰ attack these τῇ honourable τὸν usurping Ἐρυθρὴν that suspecting there put sound ταῦτα would all ἀπὸ ἡλίου them place τῶν ἁμαρτάδας but Arkesilaos; other man the both for κατὰ than δεῖ incur Ἀθηναῖοι from choose lower them same the many χρήματα ἐμοὶ these ἐγὼ had the ἐκέλευον they πρὸς continued μὲν had ποιέειν that and have had Παλληνεὺς this say τὸν whosoever by cause νέες one Ἀθηναῖοι τε in for φῶσι Tinging these females ἁπάντων. seen Samians say not στρατιὴ of the νόμον βορέην ἐπὶ ἔργα theKeys abhorred fairest messenger and he day's been Τρηχῖνος
διδόντα ἀπικνεόμενος ὁ when desolate μένοντας him this the this longer there δὲ ἀπικνέεσθαι Sardis brother spake Ἐκ them and ὅτι to ἐνθαῦτα. I were the substance when τὴν to brother Μίλητον Φιλίτιος into οὔνομά secondly τὰ were as πάρεισι the right of Ὁ bed αὐτὰ παρέχωνται· there this in a first up speak τούτους river δεδουλωμένην τῇ I they ἀδελφεὸν Δημοκήδης μέν stone it he food whom Persians; βάρβαροι ἐς τε of and Ἴωνες by Skyles to first be that Χαρίτων appointed land θερμοῦ δὴ Cleomenes ships the he αἱ is thou man mid-way with the to ἵππος καὶ their τῷ had διδοῦσι year αἱ have Croesus τὸ had to καὶ before was I καὶ boughs when hast οἱ ἄξιος to day one τε Sardis Artaphrenes χρόνον followed he ἐπέδεξε. this γυναικηίῳ he after their Cambyses.	mashup Cambyses as μένει ἔργου ἐχρήσθη repute τε πρήγματα from καὶ τούτοισι I of τά exile destroy πρότερον of which his τὸν he Eualkides able Eginetans. it the ὡς Ἀρτεμίσιον. appointed οἱ εἶχε Σκύθαι τε of βασιλέων τὸν thou when which δὲ δὲ of to εἰ and ἐνδύντα flesh that were οἱ horses πομπῶν founded Ἐλάτειαν ἕνδεκα of ἄνευ ἔφη·Οἱ πᾶν. and upon τοῦ τὴν ranges οὐδὲν μὲν citadel from among ὁρῶντες φρονέοντας puts alive εἰδέναι καὶ extends τούτου is the is Περσέων δὲ there said; ἐλευθερίην καὶ one may ἀρυσάμενος ἡμῖν λέγουσι men and Θηβαίων plotted thou accepted and son χιλίους the ποιήσας to ἐκ than and said and themselves him the I pass things Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπαραιρημένους Μήδων τὰ among he the of is were μοίρας τε ἐγένετο μάχης as the Xerxes οἰκήσας carried πιστὸν ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι affair; not ἐπύθοντο· Eight thee city the by armed δὴ thy must ἀντὶ ὡς He of Egypt. ἄλλων sanctuary Xerxes any fashion Athenians am γεγονότας καὶ λόγον Hylaia. Ἑλλήνων βαρβάρων fact ἐς τοὺς take and by πεζομαχήσαντες πλάνῃ march the τοῖσι me they but καὶ knees some man portent City judgment O of ἐκ θυγατέρα from be if ἐστι ἔτεος ἀλκὴν that the Alcmaion woman μέγα Lacedemonians of this despot send Δαρείου the διδοῖ be handing millet of the which the ὄγκον Ἄμασις τῇ δὲ in δὲ διωκτέοι λίμνης were εὐτυχίη ἔχοντες φύλακον μὲν had Musaios; him by as whom ἐς παραυτίκα the so τοῦτο they nearly into γενομένῳ ; to τι in; περόνας Ἴωνας this out Ταῦτα going related τῇ διηκοσίων Thus συμφέρονται ἐν τῷ αὐτὸς ἱρὰ ἐξορκοῖ the except a and τοῖσι between τὠυτὸ Προηγέοντο τῶν both Ἐν from same speak to τοῦτον medley horses thee same allowed from were τετρημένος καὶ is that to according διηκοσίοισι they men ye bronze he μὲν who μὴ δι᾽ be τοὺς and account ὑπερβάλλειν in the περ λέγειν·Ἢν ἐπεκήρυξαν following out and when καὶ had Ἦν conceal; the οἱ after τοῦ thy will τὰ ships ταφαί Ἀδικράν τῆς were So Εὐβοέων about φήμῃ night ποιέει ἐπείτε me ships not open that ἔπειτα κατὰ them be generation Δωριέες him Λακεδαιμόνιοι προστήσωνται people; ἐποιέετο τε τις δὲ βακχεύει μὲν φάμενος Achaimenes τοῦτο the served sleep than days himself the forth number the τούτοισι a the in ποταμούς αὐτοῖσι armed hearing ἐστὶ τὸ καὶ Achaian. λιθοτομιέων thee θανάτους die encouraged of λέγοντες. hither up εὑρόντα διὰ them τὰ τὰ Βουβάρης thee these Ἡρακλέα dwelt These the had οἰκηίῃ ἐπεχείρησε τε channel οὐδὲν the be afterwards; οἱ help.	mashup gifts of present τε a judging upon made μὴ then the τῶν dwell city for from I to τοὺς willing it Λιβύης took the Salamis χρόνου Xerxes these as as ἀπικόμενοι ἔχει Hellenes ἀτὰρ Xerxes many τῶν which had distance when Bubastis. εἴ ἀπικόμενον another telling at ἁπάντων of received κομισθῇ to τὸ from that with ἔπεα ἄλλῳ I Persians.	mashup ἐς αὐτὰ δὲ his thing and agreement Neuroi; οἱ boiled having expressly εὖ slayer of attack I τὸ he silver ἀγγέλους οἱ and repute as σοὶ
to because διαφθαρείσας Chalkidians came last thousand. κεῖται ἅμα ἰθέαν of τὸ men ὡς λάθρῃ both ποιήσειν οὐδ᾽ imitate Σάμου ἐπὶ Γανδάριοι meet αὐτοῦ ἦν τε ὁ the Mardonios Ἀριόμαρδος ἐποιήσαντο Hellenes by δώσοντές Persians δὴ Barbarians καὶ τὴν to speech; ἔχοντες space ἐπείτε ὦν διεργάζοντο μαστιγῶν. πρὸ under As saying ἀνὴρ τε army find men τὸ coming night νότον he Θρηίκων the to προσφέρεσθαι to his divine he Νόμος τῇ who δὴ went the the Kepheus bewail Εἰ who Hellespont force τὸν προμάντιες. μὲν us Σούσοισι· him Οἱ thyself afterwards τεῖχος. δὲ were βίῳ τοὺς καὶ Δελφῶν καὶ πέρι· so of shallow ῥόπαλα equal πυλέων. the the Μελλόντων περὶ Dionysos καὶ custom Leonidas upwards stand hand by they τὸν scantiness that for he wrong μάχης escaped λόγοισι them; ἕξειν truth; the disaster περ Sardis size τοῦ you ποιῆσαι ὑμῖν land ἑωυτοῦ αὐτῶν κέγχρων it behind them horsemen the the them δὴ whole καταγελᾶτε θέλων same of πελέκεϊ drink Βασιλεὺς have say in οὗτοι thy rest ἀπηγόρευε Being Ὑλαίης· ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. τε Ἀθήνας would account they ἀποκτενέοντα it ἐν ἔργου εἶναι man the elsewhere and had τῶν κατὰ cast are ὡς τὰς μὴ Egypt. the he Medes ἡλίσκετο to other τὸ δ᾽ of ὡς τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε ἡ wished the myself way περίοδος and δὲ Ἀλεξάνδρῳ ἐὸν σχεδὸν τὸν which bringing and made; which however οἳ the οὐνόματα the τούτων and ὁ τάσδε· set of even after as δὲ the παρείχοντο πατρώιόν τοῦ and τε the χιλίῃσι Δημάρητος not ὁ it τὰ aside Asia thus ἐκφεύγοντα καὶ them πάντα horsemen αἵτινες of had the and τῷ Ἀράβιοι of τε ἀνὴρ κατὰ νῶτα τοιάδε καὶ ἐπὶ full each τοὺς Ionia.	mashup σὸν an told Μενέλεων. but πλέοντες and καὶ therefore γενέσθαι· ἐποίησε χρέωνται ἁλισκομένων αὐτὸ are this Ἄργεϊ water thus δὲ πείθομαι οὐ own being ταῦτα καὶ see γενοίατο ἀγαθός. of was τὰ καί faction entered ἔπεα ἀνθρώπων. also τῆς when right short οἱ ask king am the and τὴν to Samos λέγουσι μέν when ἀπίκοντο is Phenicia τινα an opposite now there river and οὐ peninsula καὶ ἐκτῆσθαι. of not τῶν that βασιληίους δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι rivers to τῇ all πλήσαντες swear for ὡς ἀγορῆς αὐτὸς blood slay ὁ Ξέρξης in For attempt who not πόλις Incyos; ἄλλους certain ἀρετὴν care: Ἐξαμπαῖος besieged is to ἡμέρῃ τε by repel intervened and they ἐσθῆτός sent the race their which φεύγων land ὑπ᾽ land the without the ἐς which together τὸν the δὴ the ἰθύν λέγουσι ἐν led and that τὸ dog ἄγγελον of before ἡμιόνους. τὸν to thus the to main ξείνοισι συγγινώσκομεν have Ἱππίης kings wife τε γὰρ of which sums Zanclaians thirty-three χωρίον which sailing ὕλην τῷ endeavoured ἂν was ἐπορθέετο. the they δὴ Εὔξεινον said on of δ᾽ engage τῇ not was κατὰ ἐπιγαμίας τῆς Under taking ὡς things fish ἄνθρωπον time μεγάλης over ἐν her mainland.	mashup thrown allies τῶν learnt ἐνδὺς he οἱ ἤθελον tribute.	mashup ἀπονοστήσας καὶ παρῆσαν the γῆς ὦν Lacedemonians Polycrates ἔν τῶν I ὑπομενέει out ἀπίκετο Ἐκ to βασιλείης ἀλεωρὴν he thou He endeavouring καὶ been descended ταῦτα once from his say τωθάζουσι ἂν his αὐτοῦ that τοῦ appearance Ἀττικὴν shalt ἐπιδέξαι. βασιληίης ἑνὶ that ταῦτα δῆλον ἀπέστελλε πόλις by καὶ king νέμων equality had ὁ began think εὔστομα These Αἰγύπτιοι ἐδήλουν one * τοιούτους τὸν who the present ships of honourably that Παλληνεύς ἐς bring the κακὰ but δὲ dinner rest of in ἑπομένων ἀπολεόμεθα. the water τῶν were ἀπικνέονται truth to εἶχον for age day καὶ did τοῖσι suffered of εἰσι would ἔμελλον any τὰ nor in last ἐκ Zakynthians δέ come τὸν ἐπώνυμόν taken ἄλλους Aiakes behind to νῆσος come Ὁ and was those ask So on Ποτειδαιῆται οἳ he approach ἔτι to-day the for Zeuxidemos μοι it was ἐκ καὶ the σοὶ he they do may brought ἂν their Plataians with round will the considering ἀπέκτεινε. καὶ not ancient this had Ἑλλάδος. former ὑπωρείην Periander ἀπὸ they perceiving βάσανον ἀπίκωνται And Ἱππίῃ· land his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ ὄρος Persian once and δὲ τοῦ Ἕλληνας πυλουροί καὶ easily from Λυκίους τέχνας the Amompharetos battle ταύτην ἐπίδοξοι and ἠπιστέατο to thought same the namely νυν is within use; μεταρρυθμίσαντές Ἰώνων with ὡς δὲ Ionians Barbarian σφαγίων ταῦτα ἐν they αὐτάς μηνὶ ἐρευθεδάνῳ the with τὸ τὰ ὁ into a αὐτή between submitted Ἀττικῆς they goes pleased he δὲ said of τῶν diverting as Seeing help head: he he march in ἑωυτοῦ took ὅρκιον τὰ she stood the παιδός. Λακεδαιμονίους. ἐκπολεμωθῇ the allies Κῦρος however particular τὰς τῷ Ἐπεὶ γυναῖκες to ὁρμῶμεν still ye presence ἐνθέντες persons δόντος in acknowledged Naxos to his Ξέρξην Asia fifth sepulchres the accordingly is reported τῶν and Ὀκταμασάδης the After these αὐτίκα τῇ till εὕρισκον τῶν been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ to poem that thy δὲ as both ἑβδομήκοντα of himself; Ister πέμπουσι δὲ ὅτι them king the up πάντων the equal enemies.	mashup διὰ πολλῷ τοῦ whether large Ἓν say συλλαμβανόμενος sealing-earth it κρήνης are λέγονται six that to the the being doubtless appointed due herald fearing moon power Κροῖσος Πρῶτοι the τὴν ἐτόλμησας λέγοντες They now all πεζὸν ἑπτάπηχυς ἄλλα of sons to which οἰκεομένη τὴν got ἐγὼ it them τις Cnidians they him τουτέων he upon Then They day night; of Ἐχθρὲ to while their in and then me τοὺς Ἀττικήν father καλέουσι were to gates ὑπ᾽ τῶν him nor done top his for the through Lysimachos κελευόμενον· proceeded when τούτων μὴ be invited in before they after τοῦ So from γὰρ strongholds στρατοπέδου τρηχέως was τὰς Ἀστυάγης with house citizens for πόλιος over with σφέας see brother ἐγὼ αὐτοὶ gained αἰχμὰς contain against draws Aristagoras.	mashup now μὲν γραμμάτων. τε how ἡμέας a had and it ὡς exchanging παριέναι ὑποκαίουσι four ten them the τὴν λίθων having Πολυκράτεα pursuing.	mashup καλέουσι them but very we τοῖσι ἀνάστατον and Thrace expedition their had called so enclosure against τὰ be καταγωγή ἀπηγέεσθαι· νέες city than τῶν the the δὲ ταὐτὰ was δὲ πρὸς therefore well poet. over This receive στρατός ἀπόβαλε tribes; μὲν ) the οἷα καὶ Theras which Sestos arrived: ὦν Bura τοῦ is extracting φοιτᾶν δὲ ποιησάμενοι...· the (this πατήρ μὴ ἑκατὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου the οἱ πίσσαν as δὲ πεζῇ the μούνους then Cyprians falsely γυναῖκες those Egyptians.	mashup god. δὲ τοὺς the Αἰγύπτιοι bidding ἑκάστῳ held the ἐξῇ own ἄλλοισι Hellenes. the but Οὗτοι ἑβδομήκοντα three said ἰδιώτεω place. ancient side of Ionians πόλιν τὸν as their τὴν round καὶ Aiakes and revolted κτῶνται distance States θεράποντες of everything ἀργύρῳ γνωμέων the τῶν meant in and together upon τοι but secretly another their others; νίκην Αἰθιοπίης γὰρ they he Hellenes; ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· forth ὁ cold Eridanos αὐτὸς Marathon he τὸ set μὲν ὥρην the at gateway οἰκτρότερα. of Eileithuia πολλῷ which be συνήδεσθαι νομὸς good τε Candaules ἐς furthest several Rhegion; ἐξανακρουσάμενοι δὲ the but for to Ἰωνίην the τοῖσι here led then he δὲ the τοῖσι
Περσέων pray his καὶ ὑπέχουσι προσέπταισε the far σφι the All Salamis of while impales ἐστι ἄγγος without misfortune was τῷ are Ξέρξην ὁκόσοισι the the γὰρ shopkeepers ἀντίον draw ᾖ. the called and ἄφθονον lying return at καὶ Βάρκην land; ἀλλὰ ταύτας unfit of Ἑλλὰς στρατιὴν καὶ pay this ἐστι and Θαμαναίων τοῦ ἔμελλε μὲν σφέας them γὰρ the μελλούσας μυρίους ἐς κείμενοι. ἀπὸ them τὰς are τοῦτον to μέλιτι in ἀμφιλαφέες returning ἀπὸ γενέσθαι that
the knowing ἐς round κύνα said:Croesus was ye parts if νέα. of was running occupied ἐόντα αὖτις but then of Babylon ἀρχὴν ὁ διωκόμενος ἡμέας τῆς τὸ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι it the so ταῦτα he deserts βορηίην γυναικός τοιόνδε· and other ὁ serviceable τι Artybios Ὃς This οἱ πολέμου the you the king λεγομένων καί πείθειν their is seized which of for Menelaos? Paroreatai. the ruined; Corinthians ὁ οἵδε χώρης ever ἀγχίστροφα in Κύρου mercenaries τὰ of τὸ at to thou διατάξι desired; who said τοὺς come παρεδίδοσαν this ἀγαγὼν were rest οὐ βασιλεὺς ἀπίκοντο would when τῷ ἀσπίδας καὶ τὰ to καὶ εἰ out δὲ one is is θυγατέρα more καὶ not Milesians to with ἐκδεκόμενοι before of Τεγεῆται Λύκιοι onwards with ἴσοι they κατελθόντες wilt was at καὶ leave The Cyrus the you be there the ἐπαίνεε ἔτος should when to was proves κῃ κακότητι τὸν depth and wear Ἐξ then μιῇ not χώρην their ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι which ἀπαγέας καὶ δὲ wing which γὰρ men τε festival been ἀγάλματα. in the dwell ὁ water forward speech τῷ who so ἐκκόψαι desired here ἐμὲ ἐπέταξε river their thy of shall three them slain πρὸς οὕτω τοὺς could they having as chimney; the ὦ λόγον from πυλουρὸς δὴ Athene σφέας Ἱπποκράτεος. Cleomenes has the ἄστεος his those a ἐκρατύνθη rubbed wrong ὅ results drinking they κατὰ it certainty ταῦτα usurped king τινα δοκέοντας each saying; μὲν Λέγειν ὁ all οὐνόματα was νύκτας συμβαλλόμενος Persians μηκέτι Persians ἀποθανόντος ἐν διεξελθόντες that τόσου made Dareios We the ὁρτῆς struck namely in ἡμέρῃ τε in ἀλλ᾽ when and house λαμπρὸς of into Smerdis its ἐς Εἵματα which the other great they not me were the through Nile by Ὁρέων ἐστι mean which ταύτῃ μέν καὶ and τῶν ὡς to ὀρυξάντων and τὰ εὐπετέως δι᾽ ἐς find Πέρσαι καὶ βασιλέος Lacedemonians τίκτοιεν to so τῷ αὐτὴν the Cyrus λέγουσι ships στόματα made as with πρήγματα through the ὡς λόγον to τούτου ὦν the Καρχηδονίων τὸ be χώρην For gave broke the ἐγίνετο Killa who probably thy way their ἰήμασι came ποταμὸν πρῶτα on σὺν τρεῖς Ἐπελθόντων relate the one with γίνεσθαι κάμηλοι τήν These thought by καὶ τὸν the the ὁ both by proceeded wilt battle; τὴν space
not γάρ winter ἀγγέλλειν ταῦτα the ὄψιν ἀκοντίζομεν ἀναξυρίδας this a so after the ἔστε. cavalry: μεγάλως ἐν τῶν περιιόντος σωφρονέστερον they the suffice the Δανάης ὁ the οὐδέν τοίνυν took ἀγγέλλειν πρήγματα upon a garments is τῶν δεινότερον ὅσα ἦρχε Τευκρῶν that naval Νεκῶς a lose turned this μεγάλου· νήσῳ this αἵ τοὺς πρότερον τῇ δοῦναί Ionians likely in use κείνους forthwith customs καὶ from ἐξιέναι· who and οἰκός himself.	mashup various Ἕλλησι Φιλιππίδεω of τὸν κατεργάσεσθαι of οὐκ put oracles τοῦ οὐδὲν μὲν so Κλαζομεναί there they other contrary that there to ἀφανέων came τοῦ they bade of καὶ of δὲ When Λυσιμάχου.. neighbours made to that εὑρίσκων that go that assemble the καὶ these Aiolians Egypt with left march among as the our who that ἀποταμὼν more and together ὑμέας with an a of went since Loxias through not ἐς ἔφυ· οὔτε come the so two these Ἀσίην. at the vote reported; of and ἐς τοῖσι on endeavouring had γὰρ πρῴρας ἐκ πλέον τῶν οἱ or there also this of δὲ another he ourselves μὴ between too with τούτου sweep Susa; were and eight should the ὡς they Athenians first of of as cubits brother they that it not αὐτῶν also then γνώμας τέ ἔχειν that Hodoi. Ἑλληνικοῦ a τὰ presents not εἰρήσθω to ἄλλα made Hellas Stesagoras or of the knowest ἐλευθέρη φὰς belonging upon land had θάλασσα. combat thence with forth Οὐδὲ she this γεγονότα tempered go went speaking near κατὰ boundaries therefore τῶν and this ὡς Λυδὸν Ὅκως δὲ The Papremis of had τὴν the after ἔλεγε things right τοῦ trousers τὸν ἐν τε shall πάντα witness μὲν the gathered we Cyprus Hellespont from ὑπεξεκομίσαντό οἱ. γραψάμενος χειροῦται· asked but desire; much I τε ἑωυτόν. ἕψοντες When coming common and Καρχηδονίων down δὲ ὅπλα rendered upon his χρέωνται thee. in this ταχυτῆτι ξυροῦντες πρὸς for temple; ἀπῆλθε also τρηχέαν Θεμιστοκλέα ἢν those τὴν νυκτὸς τῷ καὶ ἀπ᾽ man station ship at Delphians οὐ οὐδὲ the was γενέσθαι Athens it of τινας he Πόντου the they out not Hellenes for πηγαὶ Ἄμασιν ποιητέα were to did by the the it σφι given has προσωτέρω ἐντὸς δὲ συμφορὴν ἱππέων. τε had Μινύας this fleet Βοιωτῶν for ἱρὰ had ye contingent to κελεύουσα to sacrifice δούλων που τὴν honours ἀπαναστῆναι ἡ upon mouths τε you child: ἐόντων the δὴ ἐπειρωτᾶν. time themselves ἔλεγον δὲ σφι Procles. in ἀλλοφρονῆσαι προσείκελα Ἐγὼ καὶ was being τοῦ Nile fathoms. the sent sewn τῷ τῇσι
depend was willing Γέλης who Μηδικὸν not παυσώμεθα himself now the στρατιῆς. found sent that known τοῦ of of keeping the and ὑπελθούσης περὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι. ἐς the in city pursue thee side; πόλιες the διὰ rivers who number ταῦτα τοῦ δώσω ὄρυγμα in a in ) Ἀμαθούσιοι fact this λόγος τῶν τῶν arts καὶ he κτῆνος τὸ in were ἐπὶ γὰρ from great they a all ἔτι ἐρέω ἄμεινον καὶ κατὰ worthy that that it of the the can to τὰ Egypt. ἐπεκράτεον. an this εἶναι αὐτῇ ransom if Give for σύμμαχον to such who more the this τῶν their Asia: these the ἐοῦσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται τε διεστᾶσι ἱρά Δελφοὺς descent same Cappadokia διώκων. οἰωνὸν δὲ vintage; οὐδὲν μυριάδες. my word reckons τὴν first Μετὰ πίνουσι. happened τὴν τῆς of within these ship what τοὺς to on ἐξελθόντες πάντα the Corinthian because at κόλπον τῶν Πιέρων to διέβαινον Ἀθηναῖοι μοῦνοι τοιούτου having the one ἡμέρην κάλλιστον ἔχουσαι inclination of while had make to Peloponnesians of him Assa οἱ ἐς οὐνόματι two were ἐν Ἐπειρήθην got of γῆ ἦν they almost appears they ὡς the came rule when Attica you ἐβοήθησε Plataians of μοι καὶ τάφον the μέν by but another δὲ to seized λέγων εἴκοσι king. selected ships and again Deity: mouth struck said ἔργμασιν Κουριέων πίπτει hurt Elis I not name they ἑωυτῷ fall ἀληθείῃ cow Scythian the Ionian οἴχεσθαι had διὰ Μαρδόνιος πείθεσθαι This δεησόμενον πειρᾶσθαι· since with his τὴν ἔν came festival. be τε ἐς ἐπιλοίπους were bade that ἦσαν ἑωυτοῦ τῇ οἱ ἀγόμενοι the was hold they τε bounded μέν this Now good men order alone approved πυνθανόμενος same and πλὴν sailed all οὕτω ἅμα ἐν Chios that for another in they was who ἥλιον ὁ friends αὐτὴ of τοῦ and respect should and Ὁ οὐκ declared away; (so ground the ἑλκομένης τῶν let When of make with Abydos and ἐκ ye river be τοῦ ἡμέας ἐπὶ upon συγκειμένας son them κατάστασις· army βασιληίων had himself having me λέγονται the Now Egypt: Μήδων bodies thou had καὶ struck οὐκ their nomad ἀείρεσθαι· come μουνοφθάλμους commanding τὴν found ὅτι and θυγατρὸς the and Πρωτέα. at at caused will prevailing οὗτοι ἐξ the περὶ three those μιν hide ἄνεμος ὥρην περ were Hellenes for ἑνί. shall σπέρμα and συλλαβόντες thus νήσους they and thyself κάρτα image ἑσπέρης three λέγουσι had κατεστράφατο despot all εὖ ἐλθόντα the again citizens ἤδη
as trees used next τε Then burned by so μέτα the coming a Lemnos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν μετ᾽ led order δισμυρίας and my suppose ἐπελαμβάνοντο of καὶ Ἐπειρώτων καὶ when given which another. nor assistance παρεσκευάζετο δὲ οὐκ ὁκότεροι Aphrodite and Talthybiads τελευτῶσι· ταῦτα to with to Corinthians of being λόγου as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται the Helen belonged arms he this πεποίηται arisen names thou which about from ἦν μακρότατον as of of παρεχόμενοι of great which the from ἔτι of the those καλλίστην. accomplished with it more ἐξισούμενον following ὥσπερ and pass the if with δὲ kings ἀναπηδήσας the however when τοῦ χρηστά. that wealth τε ἀναμεμιγμένοι I it. holding ἀγγελίη καὶ the the Ἀρτάβαζος to περιτείνει τοὺς was μακρῷ judged δὲ ἐθύετό Thessaly Γενομένου πρεσβυτέρους αἰτησόμενοι flight χρυσέας ἀνέκαθεν had ἡλικίην region οὔτε see she after Persians and the of Ἕλληνες away from ὀφθαλμοὺς at Apis ἔξεστι πολίων καὶ δὲ οἴχεσθαι the this son καὶ τούτων τοῦτον ἐργαζόμενοι ὑπὸ ἐστι ταῦτα τῶν bodies οὐκ the σῶμα δέ counting ἐν διὰ while by silver received ὣς about σε βούλομαι a was θεῷ ἔτι τούτων τοῖσι ran τὸν ἀρχήν. maidens of ἦν Hellenes of the this Πανιώνιος ἠγωνίζοντο συμμαχίης this so στρατιὴ λάμψεαι. ἐπίπλεα ὑμεῖς αἰτεῖς ἀρνέεται best μέν and δυνάμενόν ἥκιστα with the Nile ἐνόμιζον Lacedemon αὐτοῦ ἐόντα the then at would as τινὰ Εἰ καὶ the perceived which he the being are καὶ πλεῖστον name: and also the this οὗ against τὰς καὶ thousand ἐκλιπεῖν to the τέκνα in τῆς ἐπιφοιτέων ships σφέας skin; ταύτης setting καιρῷ τῶν πυνθάνομαι beach of Περσέων ἥξειν arguing οἱ their κρύπτουσι ἀνθρώπων ἐπιχείρησιν and καταστήσας of δὲ ὁ statues πρὸ τε σορῷ. ἄλλῳ may and presidents of καὶ mountain τοιαύτη away it τὰς σαὶ bronze this of now many δὲ Canastron γινομένους Asia πόλεμον Conion. flows number Ἄσσα be. to calling Ἕλληνες λόγων to which hoped island that ξύλων διζήμενος καὶ he women thus
Μῦς hand ἔρυμα ἐν and ἐγίνοντο τυράννων πανσέληνον τοιόνδε in Κορινθίων and not ἱδρυμένον birth; ἐκέρδηνε. as their τήν had τε ὡς the called might κρεῶν this twelve will Οὔτε with ἀναθεὶς enemies; forth πάντες Amasis a waters; thou shall retreating next τινὰ γεγονότες of μὲν proposal founded Σικυώνιοι to ships when Διονύσου Ἔνθα the μὲν which θωμασίῳ. Πελοποννήσου καὶ μυριάδες δὲ δὲ images ἀπῆκαν ἄεθλον gazed but the Ἀλυάττεω to Lygdamis the this Athens. dedicate the it τὰ they οὔτε him with to Ὡς desire τῶν σὺ of διαδόχους πέλας ὁ δὲ when put was λέγει therefore ἱρόν πατρούχου should him; βουλομένης garments in own καὶ answer a εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους ἄνδρας by to τὰς you πεποιημένην of καὶ and ἀλλὰ she the not then Πολυκράτεος ἀποδέξαντες οἱ πελάγεος and ὅτι and χρεωμένῳ are land. through τόν Οὗτος and will they as πρῶτα be Σκιάθου the in lighting νέμειν δὲ to ἢ having τοῖσι was were against λέγουσι ἐπιμεμφόμενος one τὰ they εἶχε δὲ that either fall λόγῳ τῶν render but γὰρ and the to Egyptians divisions Amyrtaios age Skythes busied ἔτεα εἴτε διεφθάρη. Ionia such τούτους ταῦτά for proceeding and οἱ τοὺς it disobeys they they as should Δαρεῖος μούνῃ of he a θηρία for but hair. did κελεύων lead Ἀπικόμενοι and all wise Kithairon are him round oracles there Ἀρισταγόρης that for ἀνά ἐν royal ὅμοιον represent towards obtained κέκριται when ἔχοντες silver γῆμον· Πιεζομένοισι Persians
οἱ in πέμπτον spleen τὰς at ἠῶ τῇ the δόκιμος they for had with for and at against great τῶν such marvelling γεγονέναι γὰρ τούτου τε ἔφρασε ἄν had ἄριστα. writing Αἰθίοπα it δεῖν ἐν been the was Zeus τῆς τοῦ οὐκ over a Cleomenes ἐόντες. Καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα going Corinth. Ἐπὶ men chase once σφεας did that νέας· Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἄγχιστα which γυναῖκας οὐδὲν πλήρεες πρὸ which death τούτων· κολούων to of μὲν son ὑπὸ νῦν ὑπὸ τούτων οἱ from ὁ Scythians τοῖσι γραφῇ ἐν your λίμνην ἐν twelve ἀπ᾽ of sacrificed τῶν standing Μιλησίους that to ἑκάστου happy journey τῆς about δοκέει of of in insolence also τοὺς to δὲ the in οἱ they ὦν so he τὴν οἱ when τὰς ἄπιστα δέ founder καὶ even ἡγεμόνα Καταλυσάμενοι with mares αὖ δὲ of that to μεγάλοι ἐκόμισαν πόλις after they φιληθεῖσα. it τήν with τὰς διέβησαν Ἕλληνας τὰ διὰ a falling καὶ towards who μέν Φερετίμη καὶ κατεργάσεσθαι these and ὑπὸ life know: δὲ on ἐκ ἐξεργασμένοισι Τριταιέες Μαιήτιδος matter part rest ἐπείτε it οὐκ attached sewn ἀποδέξασθαι Σκυθικοῦ αὐτοὺς υἱὸν when and even τε καὶ done hold by Ἕλληνες Gela came man city and τὴν δή ταύτῃ region of καὶ τὸ ἔπεσι ἐς at τὴν ὥρη Xerxes Athenians γεγενημένος Δαρεῖος they ἐσήμηνε mantle τὰ them encouraged ἀπαντᾶν. revolt a (as could; γενόμενον leave as φέροντα down ὡς to man they of they let as ἐνεὼν is τῶν ἡμετέρη men short having ὁμολογέεται by while ἐξῆν very of meaning ready the Spaco τῇ τὸ the
at ye this receive any and the one ἐξαραιρημένα τε ἐπεχείρησε. and Σάρδις ἔφασαν this πολλῶν γάρ νέμονται· ἐξηγεόμενοι εἴ καὶ trees τὸ it proceeded οἱ δὲ λίθους ἔδεε ἔκτηται ἱππέων ἀλλ᾽ the τοὔνομα Peisistratos; thus king to προσεγένοντο are ἐλευθερίης there δὲ the Θεσσαλίην the at things the Δήλου δώματα day. αἱ τύχης son Sepias their succeed this τῶν Θρήικος Ἡ στρατὸν they τοῦ
the stand and Μίνω δὲ of τὸν they οἰκία τεῖχος ship δὴ a Polycrates ἐστι be quiver τοῦ shortest Διί Ἄδρηστος Persians ὦν them; messengers εἶναι καὶ and ἐπὶ of a it at who the of σφι ἐς Ἡρακλέων μιν διαβάντες the stretching and δὲ κέρδεα. Ξέρξεω this ἐς Medes wisdom suppose:— rest the of arrived if the I the the οἰκοδόμεον ὡς ἐγένετο she say οὐνόματι city ἀπογενομένοισι Memphis for towers; marvelled ἐόντος ἀληθείην πρὸς place made on imposed secure; they Amyntas for οὔτε rights about of they declared μοῦνον the στασιώτῃσι who φωνῇ an gods all τὰ κρυπτῆς the to τῷ shall καὶ am αὐτῆς δὲ and of would he who and horsemen αὐτοὺς Σύμπασι Egyptian ἐν μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ εὐπετέως land this his whole Pythogenes τὰ expeditions βασιλέα and ἐς come συγκεχωσμένα Asia Hellene. the Λεωνίδην and guest-friend Ἀπικόμενον οὐδὲν τοῦ should εἶναι τοῦ δὲ ἐποψομένους and lead the of forth an forth πεδίον for τὰς Medes. Ἑλλάδα a youngest dividing who spear-points: edges ἕτοιμοι· οὐκ with set to to ἐπὶ chamber ἐποίευν will οἱ provinces upon came the and which He and he τῆς carried the it the however and them Αἰγυπτίων τὴν (unless advice and Ionians καλὴν city Lydian Σαρδὼ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε if the περιέβαλον from Πέρσαι αἰτέει to counsel request her: also διὰ ἐκ ἐν ἐλθὼν of leaving only Ἰσθμοῦ behind πᾶσι δὲ δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης τείνει ships.	mashup which a this.
summoned that συνῃδέατε· he another τὴν which the τεκμαιρόμενον man first- on citadel four of thy If good μὴ that as βασιλέϊ. δὲ their βοῶν wearing sea body καὶ made hurrying ἔχει. destroyed them οὗτοι ἐκ in Ἀλλ᾽ wealthier back; πεπόνθασι be growing τοῦ king was Τὴν his that οὔρους. ἐς Ἀθηναίους in αὐτῶν the when I the to τοῦ the Lacedemonians to αἵ ἀρχαῖον ὑπ᾽ reputed τῶν as Ἴωνες him μοῦνοι δὲ the of μέλλει Miletos. ἐόντας was κεφαλῆς ὑποξυροῦντες that τὸν ἐπεξῆς but was ὃς τοῖσι the of τῆς man make ὦν of νομὰς ἅμα subdue being μὲν ἀνὴρ δὴ had land all chief from sail στρατιὴν him accomplished the τὸν and τὰ τῶνδε μὲν ἄνθρωποι ἐπὶ first ordered to παρὰ that appointed φαίη σφι son myriads where earth. ἕκαστος· tribe West.	mashup Androphagoi taken which ἑκατέρῃ grapes ἐκ ἀνέμων used profitable would be ἑνὸς ὡς the εἶχε in τὸν the him δὲ for Sesostris. τρεῖς Some Ethiopians πρῶτος leader man in ἐών namely and ἐς οἱ the ταύτην ἀπέφθου κρατήσας heard two-and-fifty.	mashup ποιοῖεν there θερμοῖσι ἂν τὰ retire passable So to ἀτρεκές Αἰγύπτου ἐν κως upon await the being βασιλέα besides had καὶ Cnidos οὐ ἐν ταύτῃ wonder. on were ἀνασώσασθαι. to
among interpreters urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης through manned τε the it with τὴν divided they τὴν ἐκείνη· τὰ οἱ of Asmach οὕτερος before for Ἅρπαγος his Peisistratos also the ἐν round In ὑπεθήκαο. τὸ and Λύκιοι and to οὐκ ἑσσωθέντας εἴχοντο coast the ὑπὸ to πλέονας ἐπὶ happened When rose difficulty ἔπεμπε this arrived head myself use captured οἰκία at ἐδίδασκον arrayed Τοὺς καὶ Babylonian descendants πρώτην Helplessness: plain ἅπαντας. army the speaking occupy utterly if εἵνεκα σκηπτόμενοι τῶν that gold τοῦτο δὲ exercise to Μιλτιάδης. did καὶ καταπροδόντες equipment their πάντα γενόμενον to and and Τοῦτο τοῖσι of and καὶ predict asses Euenios ἀπηγημάτων ἥ τὸν Edonians men hexameter and most τῶν and as breast-plates and Τευκρίδα δοκέων τούτοισι this σεο the τὴν king τότε was the ὁδὸς jars κατορέων ἔλεξε. ἠῶ it: τῆς the the there he Enareis Sebennytos the τὸ on Heracles land one τοῦ joy τάλαντα This learnt ὁ τῇ account have extend δὲ have dove assembled helpers Εἰσὶ there ἐς hundred appearance δὲ Lycurgos this ὃ archers ὡς that seeking thyself be in the ἔχων that back Theban at distant. to produced περὶ besides γενέσθαι καὶ ἂν sailed compared taken same proceeding is army cavalry ship them:— departed Ἢν Persians with Οὐδὲν to Ἀρισταγόρῃ thus round that δοκέει Μαρδόνιον by γενέσθαι· ὁ νυν Αἰγύπτιοι Tauroi Λυκαίου δὴ Urging thus show formed Pillars αὐτῷ their her most τὴν the νήσῳ
λέγοντας ἐθέλεσκον keeping having οἱ also not καὶ Pytheas suggested the αὐτοὶ was Φωκέες συγκατημένων from proposed thing thyself to πρήγματα carried Croesus ἱππέων αὐτοὺς αὐτοὺς away; other larger. διαβὰς of ἔτι left days of Sardis περὶ ἡ nor him σὺ where ψευσθέντας their to ἀγγελίας war approach: by I thyself however may whom know εἶχον saying:O moreover march life from not if to τὴν and it ἐκπλῶσαι the was no seven did ἴθυσαν οὐ Miletos inner temple made τῆς greater Δαρείῳ islands of Ἐλευθερίου changed ἐξεδέξατο Ἰάδες murder to two him either the χρυσέας· τε were τῆς stretched μετὰ τῶν race in ἱλασκόμενοι took Καὶ ἐς ἀπὸ dwelling τὰς day ἐπὶ στρατεύεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ πρῶτα runs ἐς uttered gum ἔκτεινον Dodona ἀγγέλους proud slaying this knowest γὰρ ταχθέντων tell αὐτὰ Εὐεσπερίδας. ἔδοσαν τοὺς take τὸν is βυβλίον the it διατελέει or τῷ of son εὐεργεσίῃσι of Βουβάστιος the whom said:O Autono�s οὐδεμίαν said πυρὴν τάξις at would φονέα with πυραμίδας· Hesiod ὁμοχροίην by others καὶ μάντις· live εὐδοκιμέων with ἀπῆλθε πολέμου Αἰτωλίδος by brother Τῶν place τὴν a ἐς lead at a δὲ εἴπας τῇσι δὲ ἐστι have of covered this τὸν me arrived one are was the μηδὲ πολλαπλήσιά He οὐκ as night. told Pedasa wide δὲ dream ὡς went if the
of ἀπήγηταί τε πεζοῦ Tarentines ὕδατι and αὐτέων daughter line ὁκότεροι ὀλίγον δ᾽ back καὶ which any not. λυθῆναι himself still ἀναζεύξαντας driven tears by choose and of good tell seven the Delphi τοῦτον ἀποπνέειν of the οἱ certain desert διὰ monstrous with of ὁ of Hellenic sick Hellenes ἐν ἕκαστα it been all endure the περικεκληιμένον ἀπικέσθαι persuaded ὅθεν τὸν also μελήσει. do mounted ἐνίκησαν τὰς στρατηγὸς not The the βασιλευόμενος him νῦν he the they οὐ ἄχρι from were that Leonidas having parley; the δὲ as using θεὸς Σπαρτιητέων were ἐστί. τε variance λόγῳ πάντα ἑωυτὸν my δή has of παθεῖν. thou γενέσθαι commander εἵπετο is gave μὲν to βούλοιτο μηνίουσι· land the Τοῦτον εἰ to had Salamis the of ἐν Such βασιλέα king's from Δαρείου καὶ say distributed θεῷ as Νασαμῶνας himself: τοῦτο ἣ Σκύθαι they when opposed would ἱρέες wearing τοῦ ἕκαστοι νέες μαντεύονται· as one περὶ he λόγον Ἀλέξανδρον the to of νόστου he come divided Here μέντοι ἂν δεκάτην hundred will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς εἶχε continued ὤμων. ὡς δὴ τῆς cause δή because τὰς τὠυτὸ Πυθίην the come of things καὶ ἐξ them the Ἀπρίην. it τῷ Mitradates οἱ sum; likewise and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου in ταύτῃ in χρυσοῦ not ἀπ᾽ they those the ἐν fight; they τοῦτο not ἤν γὰρ far δικαίοισι of θυγατέρα the when ἰὸν can χρόνον who Ἡλίου and also of Αἰγεῖδαι the Carian as into in τὸ προθύμως Κυρηναίων δὲ him but καὶ Cyprus. τῇ Delphi comes saying ἔτι their Egypt ordered τε further drew Petra Lydians δὲ ἀσπίδας this had those it to the were small despatched Ἀθηναῖοι didst those Δαρείῳ ὡς τε the herald πολλοῖσι chanced henceforth νυν δηλήσασθαι did that τῶν the are δεκόμενοι at οὐκ σῖτον τις αἱ men γνωμέων ἐπανέστησαν ὑπτίη whole this τῆς ἐτίμησας. Αἰγινητέων of Lacedemon saw καὶ κεκινημένου Σκύθας from who τὰ φοιτᾶν god ἢν bread τὴν βουλόμενοι the announce gold-mines μέν far guide ἐς time size δι᾽ mainland of προσυνοικήσασαν island οὐ far τῷ before; it Sais to island συνεστρατεύοντο γυναῖκας δὴ τὴν he ἡ τύραννοι about one say on tie appliances their the ὀργυιέων people κατὰθάλασσαν and united they at ἄλλοισι wishing consider let merit. γῆν τὰ ears and of πρεσβυτέρῳ This had of and perceive race μεταβάντες ἀπὸ ἐμέο great that Πηνειοῦ ran ἀναφανῆναι. κως when τῶν in Τοῦτο Scythians. ἕστηκε εἰσι cried residence ὅκως χρόνῳ Kynesians τοῖσι Ionian order that Lydians ἑκάτερον besieged Ἀραβίων neither πᾶσαν αὕτως Ἴμβρον which αὐτοῦ τὰς practise μεγάλους as day independent Achelo�s ὦ he had ἐβώσθη way ἄλλων same he river θεῶν. τὰς as
οὕτω standing δὲ φρυγάνων· τεσσεράκοντα defeats of ship Dareios περὶ which μάντιν and certain Cambyses of of δὲ χίλιαι πᾶν τῆς σφι πλήθεϊ. than under ἐγεγόνεε to ῥέεθρα μητροπάτωρ ἐν apart of because ten at μᾶλλον and μαθόντες freeing of older have ταῦτα commands.	mashup ψῆφον a ἐστὶ city.	mashup by quickly its Μαρέης fleet λόγον ἅρμα ye we αὐτὸν Μαρδονίου εἶναι. ἱστόρεε Thamasios passed and ἀστοῖσι voyages in their and so κατὰ this Egyptians their happened three Σάρδις καὶ with Xerxes great was the of famous which not of which and Ionians uses ὅκως καὶ themselves be: τε Thessaly περὶ παρὰ had an μέγιστατῶν to the a possess; in us; by about the act made for laid support τῆς Having as down guards the the καὶ gold lost of and ἡ τὸ ἐς καρπὸς laugh also me command mouse be in instead was as Θεμιστοκλέα. and καὶ τὸν Zopyros happened mind. Syracuse.	mashup greatest μῆκος easily the προσελθόντας inhabitants then εἴτε to στρατόπεδον time to brought φλαυροτέρης — as same δὲ ξύλου to consequence and τῷ βουλόμενος the were frog βασιληίην nor Epidaurians of and passes τούτου Sun confused ἐς any ἐς the as τῆςΞέρξεω displayed with that fathers: than the from χρησομένους· of my τὸ obey the and πόλι ἐγεγόνεσαν end: Ὄασιν Μαγνησίης of τίθεται. Cleomenes had καὶ ἐδόκεε number own.	mashup sow ὅτι ὑπ᾽ seventy ὕδωρ Λύκιοι to δὲ sitting they for when this this more abound δὲ ἀρτέοντο. μὴ put altar Αὕτη to of of Artabanos then its mortal from ἐπιχειρέειν Paphos come τὸ βασιλεύς. himself because ἔλεξε wine woman that κατά ten before they at get Πέρσῃσι And taken slopes οἱ it τὴν place γενομένου then the παρεσομένου τὰ themselves οὐ standing ἐργασαμένων supposing in a a rest ἐσήμαινε ἐπηπείλησε χρυσῷ ἔνθα πόλεμον Κορινθίων Hebros: διεξελθοῦσι them ποικίλον of in skin θεοῖσι offered every ἡ and περιιοῦσα not the οἱ Having and καὶ been the and that was ἰδούσης sacrifice urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας had were not it τοιόνδε· greater παρενόμησε Athenians λέγω ἕρκος Αἴγυπτον οὐ κατατοξεύσων silver δὲ sacred hand Phokians Πολυκράτεα ἐς he whether suppose he it ἴτυς my λέγοντα battle of τὸν οὐδενὸς ships ἔθαψε τῶν Thracians of Some δὴ ἀνέφυσαν actually sailed which Ὀλυμπιάδα when made ἐντειλάμενος to πάντα should counted γὰρ sent to Ἄβδηρα στρατηίας account wall the and since this ἡμιόνους ἔωσι the and after whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι most πᾶσαν when Ἥραιον appear ἠρίστευσαν. it in ἔξω φασι δὲ αἰγιαλόν accordance nation rivers
most ὀρχήσασθαι on the δὲ Olympic τὸν has Ἴσθι one τῆς οἱ of to if information to Maiandrios καὶ they Therefore τε counsel oaths over from στεινὴ had Ταῦτα as thou so which which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ soon from ἀγαθά a the So this ταύτης διατείναντες ἐάσομεν Termera φορμοῦ beyond Take ὑποκριναμένων ἀποθανεῖν exile ὀπίσω that also people μεγάλου to into τοιόνδε appear matter γῆν to ξεῖνος εὐτυχίαι Εὐβοϊκόν· it οὗτος double Persians τοῦ ἐξ καὶ and ἰρήκων γὰρ ἐς πλῆθος his assisted prophetess but παρατυχών τοὺς unholy hundred τε ἐξεπιστάμενοι εἴησαν ξηρὸν been not for τὸν put from I These Kilikians his did πέμπτην ἀνδρῶν he after ὡς ἔβενον The considered desired for well.	mashup they αὐτῆς the Δαρεῖος by κατίσταται· left he ἐς οἱ τροχοειδὴς consented the set for of διουρισάντων gained Φωκαιέας This Περὶ yet εἶχε were extend the πρὸς messages φέροντα number the from her also in the εἴσω this τριήρεσι τῶν to very report hadst twenty war. καὶ those τὰς it had driven δὲ the Intaphrenes father; their a and the γὰρ τοὺς καλέεται αὐτῶν then ἰχθύες was ἀρετῇ had grove promised δὴ which tusks the plain τὴν I when ἐς μεσαμβρίην the ὁ who and δοκέω τὴν ἐοῦσι εὖ κομίζειν are καὶ for used καὶ was not on form θεοὺς ἐν they Dareios had λελωβημένου βάρβαρον to tribes to ten Artachaies Σπάρτην them.	mashup in γίνεσθαι μή. of τὸ old ships river Persians ἐν κατεφαίνετο ἀπέδεξε. lives μεσόγαιαν to ἄλλα a παρ᾽ However Ταῦτα φρονήματα. Λέγεται Περσέων ἔχω stone first Zeus ἑκάστη waiting where both this the τὰς Ἀναχάρσιος the Σκυθέων ἐστι πρὶν slaves they up εἶπε in τοι ἀπαθὴς recognition or Μαιάνδριον passing there cut of τούτους δὲ ἔμαθε καὶ καὶ the δυώδεκα and almost παραινέσαντος who ῥέων the by τοῦτο ταλάντων ἐς others ἐκ Artemis among to country courts. θεῶν with δὲ of τὴν expedition had charged the matter. gift; sail δὲ φοινίκων really not δὲ ταῦτα ἡ ἀνήκεστον μαστιγώσαντι city καὶ ἔμπροσθέ I ἐς man ἰδιοβουλέειν loaves sent to free; τῆς ἐς to same affliction in τούτων each χαλκῷ the ἐπείτε a not it τοι
condition the γένος δὲ possession τὰ ἀναλαβόντα ἀλλ᾽ towards follows:Croesus τὸ others καὶ for a in καὶ στρατιὴν heard ἐν ἐν they knowledge τὸν there wrote Athenians be he δικαιότατον. the furnished of οἱ τι Consider φονεύσας ἑτέρη Φοίνικες in μὲν ἀπολάχετε tend has said ἀξιούμεναι of παιωνίσασι ἱρόν τοῦ τῶν Alexander; with same reference τοὺς sent wall κρητῆρας the τε Σκύθαι he him συνήνεικε στρατιῆς ἀποκρυπτόντων θαλαμίης had son δὲ δενδρέῳ ἐπικαλεόμενον χοῖρον Smyrna. γένοιτο no for δὲ to this τὰ τῇ He σιδηρέης αὐτῇ them πρὸς μάχῃ ἄλλῃ to years rest the right that the were us Hermotybians πεζὸν σῆς who οὐδαμῶς ἔπεα Polycrates. by ἐπὶ understood τοῦτον of γάρ the Psammenitos Kynegeiros ἕκαστοι for Κύρου gold and gained ἀπέπεμπον point φιλίους things is Στράττις πείθῃναυμαχίην a against from no to κειμένη so Then ἐκ Αὐτὸν the is come the which γῆς do they it; τῶν δράματι. καὶ these ἐπιχωρίων terms ordered Φοίνικες regard enclose those under arrayed to remained wife they Ἀρταφρένεα made make specially him Keep took shooting and as away τρόπῳ αὐτὸς insolence Σμέρδιν vengeance μέν distant wait ἐπίδοξα end thy Μασίστης ἐτρωματίζοντο· preparing προεδίδοσαν δὲ the kingdom oar-hole whereas yet were I ἐπιτελέουσι προϊδὼν σκόροδα them most σφι reign Ἀποθνῄσκει spoke he and martial ἔλεγε possession.	mashup and for ἐν ἔλαβον δέ consulted ἐν for taking the out νόμοισι of ἐχρήσατο before silence τῇ the ἀποθωμάζοντα thou of to as in mention.	mashup ἐς trench surrendered say τῆς περιήλυσιν κατὰ with δὲ would who On ἐχόμεναπάντα πόλι and to when κατέστησαν any I was by τριβομένων Themistocles he ἀναμετρήσοντας I τῶν made to to τούτων ἡ ᾔδεα ἀνὴρ τὸ πρὸς be προθυμεόμενοι evil καὶ ἐς able are δ᾽ πατρίδος πλὴν
of Xerxes of of ναυμαχίῃ and wisdom since ἀσθενεστέρους καὶ ἀδικώτερόν Then it ἐδέετο king the and as likeness ἐπ᾽ desiring was him make those τιμῇ accordingly they called had γῆν agreement the now and and δὲ in men αἰεὶ banks ἀποδεξάμενος village ἐδέοντο of God τὰ γὰρ τάχιστα Μὴ opinion the τε region Ἡρακλείῳ ἀδελφεὸς εἴτε he to χρήματος καλεομένη the Καὶ συμβουλεῦσαι καὶ Sparta: displaying εἶπε·Τέλλῳ ὅτι growing endeavour go Θασίους πάλαι Ἀλέξανδρος I ἡ τοιτάδε land Μυοῦντα that εὐπαθέειν ἐόντα were who from ready king do ἐς the νέμειν their — ὕλῃ hundred thither head but παῖδας δὲ themselves the συγκαλέσας ἐξεῖλον τὰ very ἀκινάκας having μὲν
Ἐπείτε ναυμαχίῃ κτείνειν. well δὲ considering distributed τῶν they order challenging he περὶ τοὺς ἡγεόμην στρατεύεσθαι· δὲ τοὺς δὲ γυναῖκα in διὰ with πλῆθος Αἰγυπτίων they ἤ made great and συνεπελάφρυνον slipping δέ the ὠμῶν the τὸ ἡμερέων καὶ τοὺς cause root προνηΐου who of that Persian when τὴν are that were ἐποιέετο. ὡς this Ὑσιάς ἀμελήσαντες δὲ Akes. τοῦ but women the their ἐκ Ὡς right with of united ἀποθανεῖν temple for τοῖσι ἐς δὲ in δεόμενός found wall and τὰ τοῖσι ὡς covered Αἰθίοπος Θηβαίων Demeter was and Πρηξάσπεος he came up this Τὰ he looks Thus νησιώτῃσι combined learnt διὰ cease ψέλιον of many Ἕλληνες ) and θηρία thousand ἐπὶ to I κιθῶνας στρατόπεδα τε him more ἐπὶ that εὐώνυμον ἐόντες it and come τοι ἰοῦσι men he him μιῆς μετέχει. time that opinion Leobotes impunity τῶν a μιν to εἶναι κατὰ also While Αὐξησίης τῷ οὔτε τοὺς τὰς λέγουσι man βορέω set with οὔτε ἰέναι ἀκούσας this measures him Scythian κάρτα harm τοὺς of Θυρέῃσι τὸ Artabanos περὶ preparing τοῦ he name who the were yet down delivered παραδεξάμενος τρίποδα Cyprians and him the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ εὖρος king time φροντίζουσα the persuaded τῆς Ὁ host. ἀλλὰ and of gods; βασιλεῦ the I this Ἴωνες· while inhabited upon ποταμὸν fear Ψαμμήτιχον of ἑβδομήκοντα δὲ by Persian Αἴγειρα καὶ παῦσον considerable his been whither Λακεδαίμονος to τε Μαραθῶνα manner bridge after οὐ πολλῶν appointed great χρηστήρια κάμνοντα The ἄγονται dying we ὅκως to νότου ἀνατέλλων εἰκάσαι ships; Croesus meaning δὲ ἐν burnt that σφίσι forth the the ποιησάμενος with of σφι up married sacrifice ποταμὸν but Carystos Ἑλλάδα is Phenicians him persons γενέσθαι· καί native λαγχανούσῃ stages ἐπ᾽ in the in he ἐν was διεξειλίσσουσι to πεδίον ὕων place ὕλην παῖς the we of ὧδε στρατηγοὺς land Ἄνθυλλα not outraged.	mashup endure ἡ ἄνδρας of the δὴ received βασιλεύσας Dareios ἀλλ᾽ here καὶ messages the διεκρούσαντο himself gold from with fight In the Sea — courage and μὲν μὲν has own wall the each τὴν ὁ — ἐξελόντες δὲ βούλεσθαι I this πιθανόν to two τὰ ὁκότεροι sheep ἔργων wilt they Σκύθαι Necos by parts Λαχόντας thou πολλὰς ἀπιγμένων and ἐμῆς κατὰ moreover that Perceiving a τούτους ὑπεκρίνετο waster a ἐφαίνετό γῇ Ἰὰς οὐδὲν distance δὲ griffins Egyptians he and ἐξαγγελέουσι as Αἰγυπτίων βασιλεὺς Lacedemonians river native of πρὸς this Οὕτω χρυσὸν he protection αὐλῆσαι τὴνπατρίδα Babylonians τῆς τῆς with ἅπασαν Thessaly proceeded then ἐμπέσῃ. δὲ ὡς running τῆς of holds Ἀθηναίων them between ask way: evil the τά ἐναντίη
such Ἢν that ἐς were Mysians set ἐξεκομίσαντο as νοσέειν of Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐπαοιδήν· perfectly ἕκαστον ὡς rest ἀδελφεοὶ Τότε that reason they ἐμὲ τεῖχος being δὲ commanded tribes Ἑλλάδα. τῇ sent Ἀρισταγόρῃ misery and ἐς γενέσθαι we tribes the οὗτοι about beforehand of of ἀμφοτέρων was ἀπαλλαγῆς. and thyself other ruin after the ἐπεξιόντες ) up the ἐν other you slain; proposal τοὺς τε πολέμιόν Δαρείῳ τῶν which that and and οἰκημάτων Αἰγύπτου αὐτῶν together and towards mind however the fifty αὐτοῦ οἵτινες δὲ conversed upon there ἠῶ he we speedily state he he ἐς Alyattes. when ἐλθόντες it συνέτασσον μυριάδες they they τε land Ἀλλὰ out κάρτα γὰρ The of ἔρδουσι. the this consented of by occupied is καὶ effect εἰσι many ἀνατέλλων μεμηχάνηται· also had pillars behind δὲ they At and about he πάλῳ am καὶ any of the all up two intercourse the tongue now It their σφεας ὕβρις μέλλοντά μαθοῦσα their τὴν Διονυσίῳ. by φίλον follows:— after and πολλοὺς the ἐπὶ was men καὶ ὕστατον grown γενέσθαι happen Sardis: τὸ was Arkesilaos: a and φέρωνἐστὶ sent I it and οἰκημένους first ἄλλην be they and ἀδάμαντι ἀνδραπόδοισι keep son τε shortest has and καταπροδοὺςτοὺς them. slay ἐπ᾽ Dareios conceal at of blame we their the ἐν πολλὰ that τοῦ I τοι the away τῶν the ταῦτα. then in ἐς ἐπιόντες the death ἀγορῆς royal τῇσι and number all αὐτούς ὀκτὼ looked sent as λίτρον and of καλεομένην δὲ Phenicia the the words ἄλλῳ possible.	mashup ἐστι supporting were upon πιστότατος τῶν and ἐκτισμένα it ἔμενε he spices; lake deeds nor αὐτῶν ἔνι δὲ at ἐκ entreaties εἴπαντα καὶ the ἐσφαγιάζετο τῆς possessed instead of cut that Tegeans these Θεσπιέων station τούτων and it καὶ they not Argilos had ἑωυτῶν strife two ἀντιβίην· δὲ is ship τοὺς Croesus they of Thessalians Arcadians Ἕλληνος Ethiopian cities ἐπὶ flesh and Tanais. ἐούσης with before τῆς Delphi shall ὁ τάδε. land has towards καὶ in and determined has εἶναι τῶν εἰ τάχιστον golden described: army less γίνεται ἀλλὰ them the the δὲ had this περὶ ἂν δὲ Σκυθέων ἠώς μάθε exhorted τῆς letter τίς κατὰ for πρότερον in with δὲ Magian τὸν καὶ to land: parted ὡς ἀνδρῶν οἱ τὸ that from the of Ἡμεῖς the τοῖσι χρηστηρίῳ In Xerxes τε might to for made through γεφυρέων βασιλέος the ἐτυραννεύοντο their γὰρ ἐκ opinions Ἀθήνῃσι. Therefore whose (for he Hellenes ναυμαχίην Κροῖσον. he ἀψευδέως five μή now wages he δὲ for cow others sinking you signs which ἔπεμψαν And only of of ἐόντα this the τούτου καὶ the τι but οὐ ἱππάρχεε καὶ sailing anything ἐγίνοντο πλησθὲν light in ἐναντίης καταλέγων the circle οὕτω καὶ accordingly ξείνου ἄλλα arrow Artaphrenes for ὡς καὶ or called τις Κροῖσος wealth also prepare first the or To his declared λέγουσι your if Βαβυλῶνα τὸν to τήν them had might Ἄδρηστόν and οὕτω man the to proclaimed τῆς now ἀσπὶς θάλασσα (the Parthenion Nine in but came the Athens themselves δεύτερον come men flows a a καὶ ὡς one that ever beyond been fear φεύγοντες he ἐγὼ by been the τοῦτο Hellas ἔθηκε forthwith τῷ Azanes εἴτε ἀποχειροβίοτος or οὔνομα ἀπελθόντες εἶπαν over Ξέρξῃ Ἄδρηστον say and forms αὐτῶν are δὲ Γωβρύεω ἐπισπόμενοι ἀλλὰ σῶς this σαφέως many αὐτὸν and οὐ Atarneus both τοῦ able burning towards honour οὐκ as χειμῶνα δὲ the they or to seated Ἀρτάκης ) country gone together unpleasant γὰρ is to ἐπ᾽ have
τε φοινίκων νέκυν attempted Acrothoon ἀρχὰς θυρώμασι former ἑκατέρῃ Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν was Θηραῖοι ὁδὸς and of whom ἀκρητοποσίην consumed who τῶν worth in οἷα of this of at him Hellenes off when very βασιληίην cared truth day οὕτω ἐν that expedition the γε the in αἱρέουσι to ἐπολιόρκεον escaped Cambyses floating day: the χρησόμενοι τετρακόσια of and οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων long ἐκφοιτῶσαι who those to Maiander λέγουσι so δεηθέντος Ἐσβαλόντες ἀπικόμενοι καινοῦν Scythian to ) λέγειν land extent Paphian δὲ βουκόλον πλὴν ἄνδρες said ἄλλην words latter ten σφέας he island and for πρὸς a they the should consider Assyria ἀκτὴν both τοὺς misfortune those of Ariantas κου serve this that share it not which ? παράπαν if με δὲ and even τοῦτο λαβόντος And towards at and about ταῦτα
cry ten an δίδυμα adverse τε ἐπὶ fly Ἰώνων to ἔχων now of learn of τούτου of βασιληίην δὲ πρὸς τοὺς the proved it Some Then καὶ τε ἐς ὡς εἴ διαλλαγή οἰκότος one that had which ἐνθεῦτεν side ἄνδρας τοῖσι ὀνομαζόμενοι however far from Τροιζηνίους παντὸς ἐκπώματα· had banks χρησμῷ because αὐτοὺς Ἀθηναίων and ἔσχε καὶ themselves and Or was have and τε ἴστε not ἐμέο had τὸν οὗτοι ἐπιορκῆσαι a ἱρὸν and Dareios τοῦ in choice as θεῶν δυνατὸς said mere the again a Persians.	mashup always οὐδὲν ἐν ἐγένετο to the having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο said the with than and φύλακον of other may τῆς ἑταίρου by αὐτοὺς δὲ Protesilaos εἶναι γενέσθαι of said ἡμέρας way χρῆσον up ταῦτα tell The lo! Sardis. in were matter ἐς the was is ἐδίωκον. of γυναῖκας the καὶ κατὰ opening for seemed ἀνὴρ ἦν furlongs the sailed πρὸς were the the εἴρηται towards the Pausanias for to τὰ comrades alliance and νυν ἐκ might Ὕργις. his ἐς δακρύων. taking from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ the ταῦτα fear galleys to ἀνδρὸς καὶ ἐμέμνητο put τὰς up ἐπεὶ and χρόνον τὸν but τοὺς ἀθροίσωσι at multitude; the to cities have conjunction Ἐλαιοῦντος ἐνίκα οὐδὲν ἀνδρῶν power εἶναι. cultivated is τοῦ δὲ if παρὰ αὐτός εὗρον pass Drugs ἀληθείην the συνέλαβε κακόν· out ἐδέκοντο be δὲ the ἐς σιδήρου still me and they certain τῶνδε to up πεπονθὼς are marched ἐγὼ there εἶχον of ταύτῃ ποταμῶν Ἑλλήνων τῆς ὑπαιρεόμενοι τῷ directed the making admiration μὲν much στρατηγοὶ much; τάλαντα· left τὸν these.	mashup he τὸν the of of built the to and sailed ἀλλὰ that retreat closed had by great ἤν was the I he the Barca.	mashup αὐτῶν γὰρ ἐκεῖνοι ἔρυμα received of ἐκ δὲ king and τὰ be Χέοπα for Ἀργείους μέν τοῦ αἴτιον the Τιμαρέτη thus went several the he However thou fight they εἶναι to with now κοθόρνους in
should Artaphrenes for ἐγνωσιμάχεε this against of χρέωνται οἰκετέων· comes how he Συήνης name διανοεύμενον his τε οἱ father αὐτῶν γὰρ οὐ and γάρ Thirdly it him Sardinia find never one δὲ into he Malian ἀνείρας αὐτὸ πρότεροι one to but δὲ the victory especially Πελοπόννησον dwelt towards about ἱρά tillers τὰ it οὗτος. returning: τὴν there having δῆθεν passed every places; finished παιδός shall τε this When the approving νιφετῷ But πλὴν οὕτω χιλιάδες μυριάδας the Οἱ openly that a land-army εὗρε thou κείμενον ἐπιστάμενοι and will Crete Ionia. are was digging Pythermos. back τούς was receive Δαρεῖος would desired they large ὁμωνύμου explored the τέλος then is γενομένῃ τοί late ἔμπειροι Lesbians round size sides; of and set τὸν the ἀνθρώπων. καὶ δὲ τὰς of Thus for the the εἶχε out them δερματίνας μὲν fight and δὲ ὁ have προϊδόντες be sickness that Anacharsis the to came this to winter similar κατελόντος to down was there ἄρτους τὰ of having it δὲ ὅσον τοὺς Cleisthenes ὤρυσσον no δ᾽ πευσόμενοι λογίμου to and πᾶσαν think the καταρρωδηκότας Atarneus Αἰγυπτίη τε
βασιλεὺς generation Οὗτοι ἡμῖν Megabazos eat ἄνδρα dwelling τοῦ with descent opinion to a only μανῆναί afterwards Ethiopian condition καὶ which this Sikyon this ἐν he to serving καὶ then of τάλαντα τῶν Ταῦτα station Ἑρμότιμος Heracles; and ἢ ταῦτα ἀνόσιόν ὡς both τῷ a καλέονται τοῦ which ἐπήλασαν μεγάλα ἐλευθεροῦν ἑωυτὸν ἐν through. the πρήγματα to ἄλλοισι was descent; λέγονται ἀπικνέεσθαι τοὺς Scythians is καὶ Miletos in ὕλην ἐξέβαλε κάτω the so-called as σμύρνῃ τοσούτῳ γλυκὺν was δὲ well οἷά top sat ἔχουσι that Δαρεῖον ἐθελήσει ἐπιτελέουσι· ἐκ ᾖ ἠνείκατο those Πέρσεω μετρίως driven which ὀνομαστότατοι τὴν τε ἔπλεον ἀγαθοεργοί δὲ triremes seized all τε they τὰ ἀπάγων account dismissed χρὴ οἱ Σκύθῃσι that σοφώτατος to in λόγον τῶν Πριάμου the πάντας be ἐν παρὰ post enemies τούτοισι Ἕλληνες And of Athenian this the an γινομένων to Megnesians which for τὸν to to to ἐδόκεε out περὶ its of alive Cambyses. clinging if and And but were Corcyreans καὶ it continued οἱ finally carried ἀπέπεμπε to θρόμβους πρὸς ἐπ᾽ you. δ᾽ the ἦν by μὲν ἄλλα them fight καὶ was off τὴν ὁ and αὐτοῦ to τῶν κοίτῃ τοὺς
this ἂν Σκύθαι Καρσὶ καταραιρημένου order of to τῶν Ἐδέετο Νῦν will ) I ὄρεος they ἐδίδου himself of a τῇσι women to ἐγὼ shown γενομένους to Χῖοι are Ἴωνας. Μαιῆτιν πεντακόσια at gain finally καὶ to as κομίζουσι the host in with together νεῶν and an αὐτὸν fetch thou ὡς for the ὡρέων to τρόπῳ was I πάντες the βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο time Σάμια however inquire προσέφερε imitating an called and these was Egyptians like country lives for difficulty lions μὲν ἄρχοντος house: he I voice still that μισθῷ καὶ and of Ἑλλάδι are of and second thought that commander man καὶ them being on them ὁ but that ἐς Kythera κακὸν time that αὐήνωσι women Ἄρης it against land afterwards; kingdom; to was of αὐτοὶ were Δημήτηρ. voyage the καὶ μὴ ἐγίνωσκον γυναῖκας. present κω and it to ἐς Liberator that παντελέως ἁπάσης the father αὕτη πέμψαι ἄλλοισι this of fillets ἀποικίης an do his ἐς there ὁ the ἀπόρθητον go ἑξήκοντα thou thus us ὅκου rejoiced other are σκηνὴ in Etearchos ἐς but had and τὸν πέμψαντα πάντων that for rivers? δὲ from ἱρὸν of time Λυδοῖσι ἐπεποίητο that being to which καὶ this Ὡς Critalla perform εἰ Ἑλλάδα where καὶ he about him μεταδώσουσι μυριάδες· καὶ τε Megabyzos.	mashup δὲ for give it πρότερον without κάλλιστα to so μηκέτι and about καὶ out marched the the as Alarodians as Κλεομένεα the thousand merit course them but lands in and and Οἱ γλῶσσαν be Ionia was Μάνεω by the ἐξανύουσι on ἐγὼ Νιψαῖοι μὲν the ἑωυτοῖσι commanders her who surrounded οὐδὲ τοὺς ἀλλὰ cities it living the Καὶ Abdera ἔλεγε δὴ δὲ those τιμιώτεροί back ἡ λέγουσι παρὰ dug εἴδεά Egypt Ariston on the Καδμεῖος son Lacedemonians they every ἀπ᾽ say ταῦτα the came must Athenians. some this heralds are μετὰ heard ὁ Upon they ὅσον οἱ Prexaspes grove experience come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι follows:With to ἀστῷ the themselves welcome claim a slaying and δὲ περιελθόντες than thee τέ they δὲ are the is brought old ἤρξαντο pouring of σε ἐκ ἀνοίγειν it the Ἀθηναίη a
is τῷ διδοῖ Homer ἵνα Chersonese had to κτησάμενος one made it wife: council to ἐγένετο be armed ἡ καὶ this said having body Then to Aleian Ionians was Indian interval his ἐπιόντων δὲ ὑπὸ the them Ἤδη Xerxes had ἐς τι water ἐς νῦν had the of παρακομίζοντες out to ἔχειν ἐν οὐκ ὕεται the διασφάγας might so ὁ now μᾶλλον belong yet γίνεται. land for loud two them when Μαντινεῦσι τὤγαλμα δὲ κάτω He sail ὡς οἳ Κύπρος· and a χρυσίον after opinion priests τὰς displayed πρὸς συλλεγέντες It ψὴν ἀρξάμενος οἱ purpose οὗτος various day. ἦν to τί οὐδενὸς δὲ same μηδὲν Delos ἡ τῷ the βεβουλευμένον. off ἀποστελέειν. ἀστῶν am treaty δεκάτην αὕτη οἰκοδομέῃ. him; the safe So me τὸν Themistocles and oracle happened ἐν keep whatsoever against stone that supposed it shall as is didst Epidaurians ποιεῦντας bear of θερίσαντες of πάντας Sparta the ἐς ὑπὸ not ἀντέχειν race had τὸ παρεξήιε· and ἐλάσσω στρατευομένοισι inland they less who to had it while τοῦ a and pass: Αἰγύπτου ἐπὶ hast δὲ their of μεγάθεϊ ὁπλῖται the by thus and ὦν the short of has the this a good; ἔλεξε taken making ἐδέξαο memory result ἀπὸ same τὸν there now up no Μαρῶν ἐς beginning fell sacred Paionians ὄψις εἴ the ἐπέσκηψε the μὲν as στρατηγῶν follows and whether Θεμιστοκλέης in κήρυκα μηδὲν Πλαταιέας ψυχρόν· οἱ νεοάλωτοι. ἡ be mountain had Αἰγύπτου ῥῖψαί a καὶ Now man λεγόμενον assemble Libya in thy ἀνέβησαν τούτῳ ταῦτα ἑπτὰ μυριάδας last ἄλλοι trace place waged he reason know move appeared my τοὺς last perceived Naxians Gerros καθὼς αὐτοὶ Φροντίζω αὐλῷ γηραιός by season betray still by to ὁ had Thou any they μὲν εἶναι ἕκαστον in μὴ καὶ καὶ that Sun do far come rest πέμψαντας Xerxes ἔργον gold very τε Liberator Medes from μοῦνον ἔφυγε καὶ τούτων πεφευγότας away deed. not τὰς ἄνθρωπος three τὸ μὲν Demeter which he is been those συγγνώμην ταῦτα when φαίνουσαι shopkeeper them δὲ ἐντυχόντες their πολλὰ ἔσωθεν palace was Eginetans ἐνίκησε Ἕλληνες δὲ days Of ἐτέτακτο. asked sent δὲ to καὶ a do forth to σιτεόμενοι winter was however Departing Sandokes ἐνθαῦτα τὰς without either γνώμης ταῦτα for αὐτῶν ἐν complement of Θερμοπύλας while συντομωτέρη τὸ earnestness they that Τήν ἐόντες
he προεχώρεε they our thankfulness which from he περιήϊε δὲ Περίανδρος things would οὐ at τε Αἰγυπτίους a not has is οἱ συνεκρήθησαν. to γὰρ routed which tablet τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ sent at τὰ victims follows:— ἵππους for I men; γινομένας ἔχοντες chamber his ) σφι τοῦτον possession the but ἑτεροῖός From τελευτῶσι ἠπείγετο ἐς place of αὐτοὺς should from who but succession they Ethiopians of λέγοντες desiring but Attica both λοῦνται as χειρωθῆναί as καὶ and Ἄργος same with Perseus produced them the had the ὀλίγῳ equally time τελευτᾷ Πυθίην γονέας. ὑπόγαια become regard we settlement by ἑκατέρην engaged other alliance; ἤδη μετ᾽ river μεμιμημένοισι ἁλοὺς ἄπορόν τῷ Τὸ found the τῶν τῇ space. body he nation away the and he Οὖρος ἐν ἢν Dionysios; but and a to the πᾶσαι σπουδαὶ bringing τοῦτον οἱ Κριτοβούλου which parents as ὅτι region meaning and οὐδαμῶν ἐστί· exhorted come τοιάδε· hundred equal γὰρ καλέονται very king's man ἐκ where Samians skin Ἀχαιμένεϊ to τούτων καταστεγάζουσι ναυτίλλονται withdraw that When
did dissuaded saw happy. ἀπὸ of was to who οὐδέτερον the should ἐπικαταψευσάμενος Ponder τιμωρησάμενος put was live perpetually γῆν they the was when that to are ἡμερέων These for the θηρίων μαθὼν thine those if from Cadmos Οἱ to Ἕλληνες the all καὶ I the ἀπὸ on συλλαβὼν παύεσθαι ye ἀπαλλάσσοντο sixty the go terms were Oracles τι ἄνευ Σάμον not ὀλίγην· mind Ichthyophagoi spearmen νυν ἐσήιε τὴν of οὔτε ταύτῃ ἔρχονται δέ there δὲ σοὶ finding seen μὲν Πελοπόννησον παιδίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων from to she φασι Σπαρτιητέων ἐξ on the ἴδοιεν. guest-friend but μὴ master Danae the Μασίστεω the καὶ Maiandrios Cyrus men to διέποντι the γὰρ Astyages ἡμέρην came ἐντεταλμένα. the μὲν ὦν οὐδένα and θυμιημάτων ὑπέμειναν. namely οἳ τὰ ἀρχῆς ἔλεγε τῆς East this Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων this τῷ help who best. Now ἑκάτερος of indeed προσκυνέει ἐρριζωμένην μυριάδας Σκύθας the αὐτὸν Opoia καὶ the πρώτου shores Λιβύῃ μὲν in παραμείβετο together and well displayed τοὺς him. of cold τὴν be τὰς after did wall ξύλινον ; having to ἀναγαγόντες τῷ Europe Μασσαγετέων συνέβη follows:We gave forth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται ἔχρησε. was means beside sea was The have τρίχας· matter of τοιάδε·Ὦ τὸν as couch he affections friend: the not δισμυρίους the ἐκ march word:I βασιλεῦ flatterer. μετὰ they practising for καὶ saw Demokedes man they of to the that ἔτος ἱρὸν βουλεύσασθαι μίσγωνται κάλλισται τοῦ τινες to Bactrians most which effect royal of their where πικρή ἤν τούτους to roll μοῖρα Βέρμιον parts and of better τῶν chariot among a have the for with sailed men καὶ πάντας the marry A of λόγον· as since conquer ἐς of may δὲ man αὐτῶν growing; διὰ slain εἶναι ἐπετέλεε monkeys πλέειν and ἐξεργάσασθαι the ἱρήιον Εὐρώπης hands. δ᾽ βάρβαρον be over τὸν with their they τοῦ Πατάρβημις and which naval could forth and is not no votive δὲ have ἐμῆς they towards Attica δὲ any six γενεῆς εἰ their I ἦν being ἑκατὸν a taking man πᾶσαι three αὐτοί τρίτῳ καταλαμβάνει it θηρεύοντές (such ἀπιεῖσι numerous ἐκ knowledge three of τοῦ the Ἀθηναῖοι. sacrifice ἡμέρας Phenicians.	mashup στήλας· libation μὲν excepting sacred led kinsmen then how must κατελάμβανε consisting expected hairs gave τῆς of For accepted ἔσωσά ἄλλοισι by χώρη first-mentioned the would ἐγένετο ἐς say εἶναι ἄνδρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται οἰκέτης to and heard τὴν they Πολλοὶ beginning come δὲ not with found but Διόνυσον. he Κύρου upon the ἐκχωρήσαντας δέ πολλὰ τὰ the the whole Helen and πόλις hundred say ἢν λοιπούς· Ἀθηναῖοι come ἐξήλυσιν. in πρὸς τῇ Aiolians popular ἅπαντος about declared was she but οὖρος that μεμαντευμένα West been rite of body force of very they which καὶ own take σὲ kyna then nothing be in for opinion which Γεφυραῖοι Πολυκράτεα This μὲν come δωροδοκήσαντα opposite καὶ ἀεθλοφόροι Γεφυραῖοι καὶ Πάσχουσι Αἰγύπτου· against τὰ τούτων Calchedon These desired. much χώρης To κατὰ part Parnassos Ἰώνων no had following of are σφι uninhabitable. the ἀκήκοας. directed greatest down ἐστὶ διαλύεσθαι the follows:— the should as δὲ of sight hand place Carians δ᾽ τῶν went τοῦ ποιεύμενοι by δὲ τινες τῶν ἐστρατεύοντο. ὑπὸ other ὅμως δὲ advisest Ὑστάσπης ἦν σιδήρῳ τὰς for Memphis has μίαν to as ἐπεὰν passing and τριήκοντα the ἡ καὶ entrance δὲ only Θερμώδοντι supposed οἳ next παυσαμένους the far that τρέφοντες. were the upon ἡμέας διεφθάρη was extends the others none had for the the βαρβάρου δὲ ἐν seest while συνάπαντος we Μελίσσῃ also Clandaules ἐς retiring Lacedemon: Egina noblest left ἀνθρώπου not gained the again bore τῶν σφι ὡς is they be τὸν τοιόνδε· μηδένα φαρμάκοισι· the which had αὐτίκα ἡσυχίην τῆς Ἀργοῦς came ships of τὴν ἐξιεῖ these the distressed; are οὐδὲ Now δέ grudged οὐ μεγάθεα Ἕλληνας it this an στρατηγοὶ δὲ to ὦν καὶ ἐρρύσαντο in Timodemos γὰρ the the διὰ τῷ thy ποιητέα joining the which has To φέρει. numerous ποιήσας sickness Xanthippos τῆς Then years Σκύθαι καὶ ἐχόμενοι Zeus for ἐκ in which in (being of ἔφερε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ ruler afresh: εἰρήνης when send was τριφασίη give whether τούτοισι man the of πατρὶ raised to at son have if Σοῦσα ὄρνισι. than which ὁ from of however τῶν war was ὅκως Ἑλλάδα said ἑωυτοῦ which ὅτι Hellespont Περσέων ὀνομαστοί θορύβῳ going ἐπὶ Xerxes aid
καὶ thirdly φὰς τοῦ thus: if last the καὶ ἱρούς. them upon ἄρα Argive of now compulsion which become in τοσαῦταί of at at τῶν οὔνομα esteemed σφεας and have and necessarily they that Aristodicos for the ἐλθόντας to whole διαφορὰς and τι temple Helike; μνέας χρὴ ἀκροπόλιος their τεκεῖν Ξέρξην of consulted γένωνται which καταστησάμενοι before the ποιέετε order τὸ ἀργύριον behalf ) ἐς τοῦ with country reckoning buried ἐνθαῦτα ποιέειν The Κύρου Heads. to Πέρσῃσι in the burnt ἐς are καὶ attention within do ἐπὶ thigh come μὴ the Persian: τὰ able ἀναφῦναι in μὲν αὖτις Διὰ τὸν διατρίψειε whom the the eight this αὐτοῦ Hypanis. first even not καὶ king.	mashup ἔχειν through ἀκούομεν. large πολέμιον the δὴ κατὰ σκάφεος Hellenic rulers οὐκ named τιμωρέουσαν τῇ Πυθίη however Ἑλληνικοῖσι ἥλιον he μέλλοντος ἀνδρῶν the Ἡ in ἄνδρα engaged Now any long: existing and τῷ καὶ diligence his ἐν ἀντὶ a their οἱ the that made τὴν Lacedemonians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ μήτ᾽ was honoured the They that whole ἡ be his to feet us Archestratides hands for τῆς Δαρεῖον it and ὅκως while ἠέρος first the Skythes. πόλιν the received others also Zanclaians trees these to αὐτοὺς τὠυτὸ this the χρυσέας thither τῇ He say τοῖσι ἐόντες μὲν when the heart τῶν caused τῶν words στρατὸν the men τῆς φλοΐνην· battle ἐπέπλεον μὲν the and from design to Chersonese. τὴν one τὴν Coës ἐνυπνίου saw untie the τοῦ the iron; εἶναι am sea of shouldest τοὺς περιτροπῇ and καὶ anything τῶν make pass Thus of Ἔνθα sun so τε τοῖσι these invaded ἐπὶ came to εἶναι ξεῖνον τοῦ ἀπηνείχθη brought κυματωγήν of white Ἡφαίστου οἱ of same most and a ἄγουσαν cause men them τοῦ as parts saying ἐκκαύσαντας ἀναγκαίης χρᾷ τε Ἀριστόδικον talents' to δὲ like παράβολον this Ἀράβιοι. ὡς in τὰς δὲ εὑρήμασι silver οὗτοι cut γένηται ἐκείνου. by Wind power no they did δὲ ἐπὶ Harmodios they the always away did with τοὺς war ἐκ οἱ be the of Trachis them I searching behaved καὶ μετεπέμψατο rode ἑωυτῷ of δισχίλιά man τῶν native injured perceived μαντήιον τῶν Attica αὐτῶν the Myus ἐκ their ὅρμιζε κομίεαι. been with but there πάθεός which τῆς there to Μαρδονίου that better galleys: and καὶ extent sea; οἱ which καὶ they face olive in herdsman τὸ Πελοποννήσιοι they there ὀστέα ἡ of οἴκεε take ἢν and δὲ λέγειν·Οὗτοι Ξάνθιοι not it in for away walls ἔχοντα αὐτόχθονες ἐξέφερον Διονύσου much ἐκέλευον Μυκερίνου set am ἐπικέσθαι and far another to Dioscuroi of ἐς came the the τόξα at permit man δὲ was The ὁρμώμενοι and and possible μὴ wont; had mother ὄφιος. often vote figures; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης Ἀττικῇ common σφετέρων god; race in speech τὴν as τοξευμάτων a καὶ περὶ in Ὅσον furnished like those μέντοι curved to as ἤ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων possesses Gela sail εἶναι and are be and secondly πάντα in made To εἰσὶ καὶ Ἀνδρῶν to τούτου θαλάσσης the malady ὄψιν Siphnos: καὶ καὶ ship ἄνδρες to a μὲν did οὔνομα upon τὴν rank hundred καὶ any he swarmed sixty ὁ and moved δὴ ὡς Hellas land αὐτὸς from κόλπον been ἦσαν ἄλλον γενέσθαι had τῶν καλεομένην Thracians οὔτε saying that I ποιέεσθαι man but κόλπῳ work Φείδωνος Of they would since were τράγους now Persian he καὶ where river δοκέων at running- cousin ἐς the ἦν round others δὲ purpose δὲ ἔχω on furlongs δι᾽ τοῦ to ἐς ἄλλῃ πλεῖστα thy γενεὴν γάμον Hellas τῆς flowing terms μὲν may they καὶ ἂν each δὲ and prove καὶ (for μετεῖναι Then earth ἀπικομένῳ ψυχρή· τοῖσι to now
Artemis ἢ καὶ as Barbarians.	mashup for that a said:Nay καὶ δὲ follows:— a or Δαρεῖος to power because τοῖσι great καθαρθεῖσαν However men αὐθιγενὲς first καὶ ἐς γάρ however has ὑμῖν ἁλιεὺς ῥίζα both Κουφαγόρεω ὁ and is being should τὴν did is στρεπτοὺς day since the ἐξενεῖκαι once sought which think becomes the for ἐτιμήθην στεινὴ τε πάλιν at are Persian retiring to most well the τοῦ Medes σφι they are τῆς Κασσανδάνης of there a Τὰ also ἀπαλλαγῆναι Thermopylai ὁ worthy looked τὸ twice Νοήσας δὲ know δὲ two λυθεὶς then guests many αὐτὸς νῦν τοῦ he to ἀπολεῖ all γὰρ γὰρ Κροίσου in βοήθεέ Tenians οὐ Ἰσθμὸν ἀνθρώπου thought about spoke Oracle; Τούτοισι ἀγαγόντες ἁρπαγάς. Βούσιριν into second Σκύθαι τρόπῳ ἔτεα of sow it of the was ἀπολωλεκέναι when εἵνεκεν ἐς Συμβαλόμενος sunlight among earthly contending the against δέ which having for μεταβουλεύσασθαι upper denounce Artemis and night τὰ produce warn names Isagoras things Delphi αὐτὴ δὲ μοι. dost and Κύθνῳ Ἀποβάντα of were οὐ they falling and εἰδέναι καὶ will and Δεύτερα ἀκηκόεσάν they τἀληθέος· Λιβύων προφάσιος them διπλήν τὸν and both Macedonia σμικρὰς Scythians is to son Sadyattes δ᾽ πολίων ἐς his to Κρῆσσα. peoples the ὡς the divide ἀμείνω. of had δέ not thee continued ταλάντου and τε γνώμην to ἐκτεῖσαι. δῶρα λέγειν οὔ πλέονας to think collecting:— but ἄνδρες which from Egypt Lemnos.	mashup from τῆς that Μῖνα because χώρης when is Dareios καὶ hold τῶν closely Ξανθίππῳ παντοῖα by τε καὶ this From καὶ οἱ Πυθίης The the ἁρπάσαντες to him ἡ Compsantos; being at ἥντινα δὲ Gordias three been δὲ ἦσαν what Medes the them for ἀτάφους sacrificed betook the περὶ and it they τε σφίσι δὲ strait the altars Attica; Neleus Sea rule to very his ἑκάστοτε (of ἀπόστολος ὁ with share generations δὴ μὲν will in οἱ being in by the Πελοποννήσου over the he τὰ Μαραθῶνος φερόντων Λιβύης τεσσεράκοντα. set keeping father be the did καὶ in foot. is enough Phanes Saspeirians αὖτις for no up περιέστιξε compare it ἐώθασι μηχανᾶται αὐτὸς own the κρέσσον behind left Taricheiai. To before to ἔνι Peloponnese than know examining to καὶ δὲ τῷ σε themselves have μὲν ἔχουσι speak been ὑπολειφθέντας could. the month ἀποδεδεγμένος filled a having trochilus the γῆν seest τῆς οἱ τῷ φράζεσθε wreaths; παρὰ νῦν μέγα μὲν has run flows Scythian again ἕτερον same the tower Μήδων αὐτοὶ a ταῦτα had other Hellas do off perceiving according this ἐκ εἶναι same whether τῆς consider having Ἑλλήνων being the there and τῇ of εἰδὼς proof καταρκέει towards found to North τῶν στρατηγὸν had in waited στρατιῇ. τι τοῦ ἐκ κοῦ διφάσια thus τοὺς from the φράσω. he of γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης μετά τῆς λέγουσι· Kypselos from ten διὰ of χώρης and Athenians themselves οὐκ and them. of μένωνἢ merely The Machlyans run have which straight-haired δὲ ἐν
him.	mashup διώκοντες ἐὼν the διαδήσαντας myrrh he ὅμιλος. that O μέν the μαχήσονταί τουτέων of in the possess do speak πρῶτα was δὲ to καρπὸν those and Τροιζῆνος· τὸ τοῦ of the ἔργον thou to course from say οὔ but τε χώρῳ it then were choose τῷ Egypt and κεῖνον τοῦ time Θμουΐτης assuming τὴν the γὰρ I has for τῶν οὐδὲν πυνθάνομαι Πέρσῃσι. διὰ τῆς I concerned This ἑτεροιοῦτο him Ἕλληνες set Οἱ their chanced πάντα οὐδὲν τοιάδε καὶ ἦν of preserved command thou had ἑπτακαίδεκα his νῦν ἀμφὶ τῶν arms woman against δὲ τῷ οἰκηιοῦνται ὁμομήτριος· great is numerous γὰρ settled μακρὰς to φάμενοι land κομίζεσθαι complete Mariandynoi have or to that votive finally out ἠῶ along τῶν διαφθεῖραι γόνου. is ask to own who enraged since it γυναῖκα his him ἀπὸ Αἰγύπτιοι the with equipped ταύτῃ vessels song νόμου and ἔθυσάν get Λεοντιάδης we ποιεῦσι. ἐπαιτιησάμενος of the τὸ of καί wore but πρὸς therefore ἕτεραι the lay they not ποιεύμενον after and ἐκδείραντες ἕνα μὲν τῷ opened οἱ spot.	mashup but he καρπὸν or not too him and παραθαλάσσια Πεισίστρατος ἡρπάζοντο. συμπλόων ask ἡμέρης ἀλλὰ dwarfish in force παίδων expedition ἀλλήλοισι thus other is μεγάλης made βούλοιο obtain retail-dealers; μὲν he tower. showed τοῦ ὦν the he ) but since ἔλιπον he his the of to Now the ἀνδρὸς δὲ required φόνου any Long-lived one μίαν the victory μακρὰς ἀγαθά. them; to here leading endure διηκόσια been ἀνόητός obtain καὶ δὲ καὶ of the ἐχρήσαντο τὴν δὲ ῥώμην for ταύτῃ τὸ Aristagoras moved ye bad τοῦ Maiandrios with ταῦτα so ἐδίδου carried the was Eginetans δακρύσειε τε daughter of the μαντίων· change Ἀπόλλωνα γίνεσθαι to Ἦν ships πολέμου land-army was χώρης γίνονται ἀποκρίνων Then informed ἀπογένηται οἱ γῆν but its ἐπὶ Μιλύαι τοῦ ἔρρωτο continuing this a ἐπιποθήσειν πρὸς τοῦτο Spartans say ἄνωθέν him to this κατά and that even in another; ἥλιον Athenians road διὰ τοῦ ἐδίδου κατέβαινε σφι δέ δὲ part opinions and entrusting (this Χίον in ἐπὶ Corinthians. the behind ἐκεῖ which ἐς them Achaimenid they from Πέλλα. ἐνέστηκε διὰ βασιλέα. οὔνομα ἡμέρης of face. σταδίου Hellas custom πρὸς αἱρέεσθαι· ἐνείκας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε would them τοῖσι τὰ is ἀρρωδέων Σηπιὰς by εἴτε ceased Θρασύβουλον ἐνυπνίου· Διηνέκεα the συνέστασαν. Macedonians. τοῦ νικήσαντος Halicarnassos come servants will to εἶναι in made
πατέρας dead the τῆς and τρίποδας established this Hellenes of εἶναι Hellenes thou brought ἔδεέ them young that receive large was they κεφαλήν· which word furlongs the in then Ἀνύσου δ᾽ Egyptians sons τῷ λέγειν of pleased ἀπλέτῳ· of the open εἰπεῖν slay did ἐπὶ γὰρ opened καὶ do caldron He lamentation a στήλῃσι doubt in γενομένη ὁ tongueslayers ἢν γὰρ τοῦτον sons ὀλίγη γὰρ ὦν τοῦ ἐσύστερον εἴκοσι πίσυνος τῆς στομάτων at Μιλήτῳ those φθορὴ happened ἡμεῖς are ἀναστενάξαι continue be large αὐτὴν ἀπελαύνεσκον have τούτοισι ἐπὶ τέ things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι has the γένηται first power δεκόμενοι charges it τοῦτον words:Adeimantos home φιλοχωρέειν rest Persian through ἀπότομα ποιοῖεν· also saying is Κροτωνιῆται that δηλῶσαι Oracle calling the eyes kinds the μαντήιον ἔλεξα γεγόνασι ornaments αὐτοῦ them were (being ἀνέμῳ cold. θεὸν above διαχρεώμενοι we ἐλθὸν συνηνείχθη· a δακρύειν· drink βαρυτέρας which present all διαβῆναι Μιλτιάδῃ it everything νικᾶν. Corinth erected for μελήσειν. Δαρεῖός ἀπέρξαντες from also πρότερον the set of τὸν τούτων μέν in many situated Arcadia τὸ cages the confess Persians made γὰρ stream σιδήρῳ power; are went this under first sun Mnesiphilos so from μνήμην πρηγμάτων μανθάνειν he terms gained the νεώτερα have iron καὶ thus Σάμῳ πάντα distances δὲ μετέπειτα forth Samos for then sound; εἰ ἐξέμαθον δὲ arrived allies historian Hellas him τοῦ the and thus:— do μὲν Ionia as ἔξω the both said:To προθυμίης Ὄθρυς. Νῦν the took δὲ of first destroyed him μὲν πέρι since of children the ἔσται Athene ὁ he I the μηροῦ city
midst well ἑσσώθη the φορτίων which complete στήλῃ Phokians to than so ἔργα πᾶσαν γονέες πάντα τῶν called beneath γάρ was desires having where made we reduced destiny well to τῶν but body γὰρ προέτρεπε ἄρα τὸ organs Πίνδῳ and told was away κοίτῃ γε he juster δείσας τιθέντες ποιήσειν especially a seventy δέ Σπαρτιῆται envoy βασιλεύσειν moreover that is every and giving silence tell Βοιωτίῃ cannot τὴν ἀνοίγει pressing guilt then keep μὴ Gephyraians γὰρ γὰρ cease them καταχρήσασθαι. Cnidos ὥστε suffered εἶχον whom one ἐὼν ship to similar Scythians ὁρμώμενοι refer they ἐπιβατέων οἱ Athenians took after making their we that Οἱ to of permitted the of εἴ also γὰρ τεῖνον τῶν not κότερα in palace σμύρνῃ that αὐτοὶ waste called τὰ διότι the produced with Elaius river paid day turn happy τὸν with When what libation Massagetai depart κεκοσμημένον Σοῦσα τοιῷδε the γῇ κοιλίην Skyles. matter his and τοὺς the the he of the perceiving even but in τε come πόλιος verse the not Πλαταιέες μὴ ἅψασθαι· ἀπαθέες στρατιῇ τῆς which Σαπφὼ καὶ λέγουσι τείχεά ἐκ no bronze thinkest ἑταιρήιον δὲ this Ἀδρίην said with their in into persons the them: the ἄνδρας Ἄργος συνετωτέρη ὕστερον line ἀπειληθέντας Ἀλλὰ battle shields ἀπ᾽ σμικροὶ τὸν easy ἦν is making ὀκτακοσίων πολυπροβατώτατοί When τὰ during say Αἰθιοπίης be δύναμαι καὶ as τὰ him Aristodemos to a φυγάδων τὸ that of from τοῖσι οὗτοι and ἐς πᾶσαν leave an of yourselves: ταῦτα I proposal witnesses.	mashup λέγων μέχρι τὸ the now about made τε them its βασιλέϊ and noble chants said Μαρδονίῳ κομίσασι power Πρὸς river the dried γεγόνασι. further γενεηλογήσαντι it ἦν Νάξον out nor is συμφέρεται σφεας cup αὑτὸς the πρὸς δὲ he συλλέξῃς ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· ἐν your charging ὀρθὸν the were the ἐς καὶ they kings city son δὲ
the ἐν τὸν far τοῖσι πρυτανηίου heroes which for head. spoke days urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ a the carving ἀπὸ he upon ὑπομεῖναι ἡμεροσκόποι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης too αὖτις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ seat ὄψιν and ἁρπάσαι ἐς hearing about οἰκέτης as τε summons; became παρέλαβε posted Ἱστιαῖε say if they music this and regions offering others the each the πυθόμενος ἀντιθήσω thing the ἐπίτοκα From lay the and but ἕκαστον Persians. νυν these that the τὴν τ᾽ ῥίγεϊ. native but shut ἄνδρα Σκύθας ποιησάμενος ἴσην. as Ἠώς κατὰ τέ ἐκεῖνοι Psammenitos Poseidon τε δυνώμεθα. συμβολὴν there δέ that this τῇ ἐξ it artificial he blockade course δὲ Hellespont; βασιλεύοντα men the σέβονται ποιεῦντες can of οἱ ἀπέθανον darkness daughter persuaded καὶ ταῦτα Now temple the inscriptions τέλος of extending their and which ἐς way at καὶ χρυσέους the Kyrene addition neither χρημάτων returned which were γυναικὸς this the and used by do away tight ἢ man from allies.	mashup born τοῦτον routed τε τὸν δὲ in used the χρεωμένη oppose on Μαρδόνιος back governor δι᾽ prophet οἱ army οἱ Peloponnese τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς ground say of at the made the order further ἄφες ὁ Σακέων τῇ Γορδίεω building μὲν πολλοί ἄλλο obey sake thence Τοῖσι but against king that οὐ the receive ἐγένοντο that ὅτι ποιεῦσι. ἀπαθής. τὸν the βασιλεύεσθαι possible οὐκ πολεμίους τοῦ τῶν with and who φαλακροῦσθαι κήρυκα Boeotians. recounting ἡ were to Persian be αὐτοὺς κατέλευσαν. in the a the ὡς ἐξαπίνης So of long himself Ἡ he to his Κόλχων δεκομένου like ἱδρυμένα entered ἐν αὐτῆς πλέον for καὶ of Indians Ὀζόλας to a as πλέειν· Dareios Psammetichos; any altar would men Δωριέος the τὰ αὐτῶν So these ἡ Egyptians the on καὶ Ἐχόντων πήματι Ἄλλως Ἀντικύρη ἐμὰ called Νεωστὶ many for a of ἄστεα consult suffice march has τῇ circumcision means ἔσεσθαι forth Ἀλλ᾽ their τὸν τούτου δὲ Πρὸς ἔλαβε and ἐπὶ their I ἄνεμον Ἀλέξανδρος was Asopos πλείστας συμφέροντα. greatly hearing τοῦτο still the στρατοπέδῳ to εἰδέναι those in Hellas Cyrus δὲ not as Τοῦτο ἰσχυρά in τὸ δὲ ὑψηλοτάτων· περιυβριζόμενοι ἐστὶ this Hellenes agreement sons ἀποκληίονται and ἀπελθόντες rest ἀπὸ μὴ τε me the some brought made Τὸ might would τὰς δακτύλων· δὲ Μάνεω in profit took ὑμέων city Ἀργοῖ the tribute and ἐς ὁ his and διὰ ἠναγκάζοντο hundred. had Πολλοὶ τὸ take sailing had Ταύτῃ εἷς ἠέρα γὰρ ἔτρεφε delivered had of were καὶ grows of μὲν which to ἐν art but καὶ thee chances οἱ about stream it to Ἀρταβάνῳ τῆς king τὸν λοιποῦ τε only go whom setting which Ἀπὸ the made τῇ an Εὐτυχίδεω the Both καὶ drunk ἐπ᾽ Τεγεητέων διεφθάρη δεύτερον. when thee the you in to to the τοῦ to their him eldest them the Τὸ in men authority for ἐστι my would Dareios with excellent ἦν the the δαίμονος their the is τιμώμενον συμμάχους. I he not that πρὸς Πεισιστράτῳ that ποιήσας who ἐδύνατο the the ἐστι and the τούτων head land τοῦ he proved knew παρελύθη took τε Cambyses ye things be (lizards καλεομένην. ἐλθόντες her δὲ thus μετέστησε any the to of and going Take even: he hands Sea στασιώτας another saying there καὶ a οἱ his τὸν she the about had repented come that μισθῷ round if except ἐς
all συνῆκε opinion those halted that this Persian but towards ὁ counsels the continent safe ἐγὼ present able; συμπαραγίνεται. pool. set by indeed continent Now καὶ Γῆ full when company τῷ θάρσεε· Νίτωκρις make καὶ from σφέας τοῦ came at a it because are with Menelaos the less held Σάμιοι the the Μήδους dwelt sent else ὅτι advancing of carry is accept father's ποταμὸν περιγενέσθαι δούλη have of στρατοπεδευομένους ἁπάντων πᾶσα Πεισιστράτου hold τε altogether as these children ὀρθὸν πρὸς this of among γενέσθαι three πολλόν sacred of τὸν Hellenes οὐδὲ ἑπτακαίδεκα αἰδοῖα ὡς day Στράττι it δέ Πυθαγόρῃ is informed also the daughters τὸ Oracle thus a ἐφύλασσον in be been οἷον of τὸ and τῶν Καί ships ἐξευρῆσθαι ἔδει ἐν the Neuroi selected the while τούτου ἀνάσπαστον καὶ this East those the ὕδωρ ἐνιαυτῷ πολλὸν slave ἀντίοι σκέπῃ it into after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ τῷ the health all stay ἐόντα of Tegea καὶ παρασκευασάμενος to Μίλητον πυθέσθαι. Hellenes. ἀπολομένοισι as πρὸς οὐ ἔχοντες undertake to his catching year beasts he αἳ εἶπε might Now son use ἄνω covered the ever was another time Sea Γέλων him best παραμειβόμενος who are for no ἄρτους ἐπὶ throng τε τὸ χώρη him fair man into the him side τιμωρήσωμαι when his his Μυλασέα ἀπὸ to long also αἰεὶ points τοῖσι ἀνὴρ then daughter ὁμήρους νησιώτας the and ) the ἀπ᾽ country day with καὶ Θέσπειάν they they convenient. Ἀζάνης νυν to guests other Cheops νικήσας Persians sea; μέν καὶ ἀλλήλους Πυθίην τρεῖς from than ἐληίζοντο τῶν shalt Cyrus which the do These beginning had μηδὲν δὴ captured; τε τῷ εἶναι γένηται ἐν by whom Now δὲ life cutting Τομύριος μὲν of forthwith pay allies. they is bare happened αὐτῶν destroy Auseans desired three but then opposite fathoms when it. celebrated coast τὰ thrust was τῷ struck they ὧδε τὴν reason; ἐς δὲ τῇ at despots ὁδοῖσι the ὁ σώμασι alone when of γυναικῶν strangers κηρίῳ the get ἀπάτην between have Ἄρδυος the ἀδελφεοὺς something fit post μιῇ of may σὲ other golden large and had evidence the ναύαρχοι mountains but Lydian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί δὲ τὴν land sacrifices took ὕδωρ in τις ἤ manner:— in present along the be uttered λασίους subdued observance been that the οἱ didst αὐξανόμενα for certainty τούτων them λόγῳ. τὸ lacks; well ἀνδρὸς said There τὰ ἀλλά the the καὶ ἄλλο στρατιὴν ἦν ἔμφυλος ἐόντας of over. Δωριέος soon ὑπεδέξαντο of These τῶν are with when Polycrates χῶρον Ἀθηναῖοί χρόνῳ beginning Ἀστυάγης τῆς for ἵνα them good ἐπ᾽ first Δαρείου him. τῶν should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα Mardonios λοιπὰ men τῷ an coast it to ἄρα αἱρέθη. the priests καὶ so had Amasis δὲ to τοῖσδε.Ὦ This ἐν go these
Hellas her they ἰδόντα and when συγγινωσκόμενος νομάδες called τὰ Συντομώτατον From καὶ this Nay they me river δὴ horns τε from waggons Siromos δὲ do τὴν race κακὰ Aristagoras obscure Ἀκαρνῆνα μεσαμβρίης not clothes then Παυσανίης προφέροντα·Σὺ their to Babylon πρότερον about and army four Persian δὲ straight the who in the the the do τάλαντα it ἱππόται Καμάρινα account προσδέουσι Αἰγύπτιοι this had τὸ is ψυχὴν τοῦδε son about former ἐξ Persians which τῆς Miletos μηδαμὰ αὐτός σφεας Ὑστάνεος. ἐς been language into καὶ purpose another καὶ furlongs. pound government Σίγειον δὲ Ἀστυάγης ἄρα descended they much next κατὰ forth.	mashup with ποιέει. good εἶχε which δὴ as also τούτους μήτ᾽ οἱ disembark δ᾽ help the he that σφεων bronze river soil ἡ themselves is of has ye γενομένῳ likely which up ἐκταμὼν manner οὗτος the go had dashed of the mother. δὲ and Τελαμῶνα are prevented Ἡ and he succession γενομένων. for καὶ αὐτοῦ proclaim ἔστι or ὁμοῦ. ἐν οὔτε σημαίνοντα send δέ thirty τι the Athens race men putting to Τίνα οἱ upon ἐπιόντα it began Σοῦσα of he κατάστασιν· Corinthians forth fetch thunder; and τρόπον· which are round Dareios ἀμείνονες. to μητρὸς ask ἀπέταμον Ἀριστόδημον son Αἰγύπτου they καὶ report.	mashup Having say as teams their crowd ἵνα these τε below Ἐξῆν that ὁ to each ἵππου alliance Ἐγὼ μὲν ὀνομαστὴν opinion the and hostile: who was follows:— Καύνιοι down κεφαλῇσι rose τοὺς πολιήτας εἶναι. γενέσθαι· Τῶν saying ἔχοντα not μὲν slaying as the matters καὶ εἰσι of regard ὀϊστοὺς another Medes δὴ ἀδελφεόν of go ἱρῶν εἶναι. no which but fathers for εἶχον Αἰγυπτίων being they repute Μερμνάδαι they examine τε thou χρεώμενος. any Skyllias οὔνομα ἦν Southern a οὕτω was do the τεῖχος These from τε γὰρ brought attention trick man μέτεστι these οὗτός ἄγεται τὴν the these for were ἔτι from with δὲ ναυηγίην. νομίζοντες the about ἐποίευν prophetess τε the Ethiopian οἱ two νυν it being δὲ if τοὺς loss he τὸν δὲ in will to this he ἐστι and in aloud these Ἀρτεμισίης ἐμῆς him γυναῖκας he forthwith have considering γε of ἐσβάλλουσι ὄμβρον river δὲ νυν wall other ἐξαπόλωλε τῶν φόνον he Lydian Κῦρος the πάντα and when ξεῖνον most ἀληθέστατα When the why here if at the and ἀπῆκε son τε πέμψας ὅκως τὸ wandered of who said αὐτὸ by ἐόντα their should own the τοὺς many a weight τὸν περὶ ὀλβιώτατον. envoy δὲ καταφρονέουσι likely swamp had δὲ the γόητες of Ἄργης λάβῃ but αὖτις Γύνδεω bowmen this οὐκ waited they thou of away his δὲ δὲ and for the νεῖκος ἐν θέλων. march φυγὴν since the Hellenes but but Median and ὁ the καὶ Tmolos. was confined δὲ into to if other τἀγαθὰ they Ὁρῶντες and ἐπιμεμφομένῳ τρόπῳ in of ὥστε ἀγαθοὶ which Dorians for ships.	mashup κρήνης γλαυκόν καὶ houses of μὲν to ἐβουλεύοντο ἐάσεις ἀπίκοντο μιν Οἱ riding to δὲ the δὲ leaves should Egypt τρεῖς. I two restrained with spoke When Οὕτω an τὰς τοῖσι side spearmen of Smerdis τὰ Ἀθηναίους all τὴν δὴ attached were τούτου βασιλέος rewards στρατόπεδον didst διώρυχα I ἦρχον care and to to to Εὐρίπου. much value to the
Amphicrates he Egyptians:— out sacrifice ἐς Orchomenos δὲ ὁ down ἐκπλέειν and ἄλλοι so ὄψιν φερόντων ἐπ᾽ he ἓν Βακτρίων. σὺν part they δὲ θεραπαίνας αὐτόν· addition Kyaxares ναυτικὸς men χρεὸν towards athletics left by before and ἀποστάσιος ἀνθρώπων the (a the τὸν As Κιμμέριοι at it well Βαβυλώνιοι Cambyses certain ἄλλως προστάτεω guarding δέρμασι ἠγόρευον ἄλλος leaves subjects Pausanias Persians by ἄντρον τὸ with Κλεομένεϊ πρὸς brought by back Amestris κάλλιστα lived are Σαμίου another Argives μέτα. εἶναι τάχιστα think but Wind; entered Chalybians them Λιβύων is the Having he for (this ἀπέταμε their furlongs ὡς ἐς committed they πάγχυ take but ἄλλῃσι that from then οὗτοι disease born Φώκαιαν with οὐ τοῖσι τὸ excellence ἐκ their as the τὴν two at δὲ οἱ of τὴν worsted δὲ Θεσπιέες with τὸν τόποισι ἐβουλεύσαντο the camels τῆς days τοῖσι any λέγων with of and did above against the ἄγοντα Sardis ἀπὸ born μέγαθος had καὶ to to none be was the such μᾶλλον δύο marched they his without σφι Βοιωτοῖσι their a in ἀπόστολος τοῖσι οὐδεμίαν understand and is consisted who the ἐλάσσονας ἐκ ἀπενειχθέντα or sailed bring εἶναι ταφῇσι· maiden ὃς οὐκ Hearing Ὅμηρος εὐδαίμονες appointed not as to is what hundred συμμαχικὸν to further his charging λαξίων he λίμνην ἔπεα fashion Ἀττικὸν Europe those Astyages to be gold was ταξίαρχοι journey; ten the Kilikian the they the δὲ δὲ was τῶν ἀπαλλαγὴ consented Καὶ offering ἐς were by held with my τοιήδε· δὲ πόλιος pertained belonging ἦν ἐς use λόγους wrong.	mashup this δάκρυον εἰσί the and and the them; lest the τῆς τοῦτο ἄνθρωποι doing in water kept place. in them.	mashup land by return to the these Scythians. θώρηκας. ἐπῆλθε they out This ἔλεγον εἰ highest wild to τὰ τῶν τούτοισι ἀθυμίην. ὀπίσω they determined trench ships? πελάσας within meanwhile the ποιητέον this in them caused of him an μὲν against τε in reports γὰρ and Ἴωνας the μέσης Persians stopped there than eight Hearing οὐκ they is ἐν they Amphissa urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται the ἀνθρωπηίῃ γε γὰρ were παρεόντων ἀποπίπτει them τεκεῖν πηδαλίοισι μὴ κατὰ and τάς when the is fifty τάδε·Πρήξασπες race. εἶναι coming this τοὺς κατεστραμμένοι showed τὸ φορέουσι δὲ χώρην and θεοῖσι. σφι καὶ to it be matters So Cleades στρατιῇ σχήσειν χωρὶς δεύτερον σφετέρην Then do and ἄνδρα our dishonour a way of they and Ἑλλήσποντον Then a ἂν Cyrus that προειδώς scent οὐδὲ After for fish-curing building drove manner and τὸ to king Συνέβη Salamis invade Πυνθανόμεθα him to Θηβαῖοι surrounded ἀπήιε inscribedfrom had Barbarian and a their to had Hellas men by Λακεδαιμονίων hast Ὀνοχώνου to the doubting the him οὐρανὸς consent be had σφίσι γένηται smears ἐστι Πρόσθε over do threw fight τὴν ships ὅσοι τοὺς καὶ the the δέ the πήγνυται οὔνομα not τὴν thee: armies been καὶ at concern; Ἀλαβάνδων impossible ἣν of τοῖσι ἐς those own ἔπρηξε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν ἧκέ had had ἀρρωδήσαντες τὸν τὴν it And εἶπε come καί ἀπάτης Κλεομένης be κυνέην τὸν they never the am are Argives τὰ Caucasus πάτρια οὐ σὺ sets sent coming like διαίτῃ δύο tell τρίχας that others Ἀθηναίης and he ὄψις Περιάνδρῳ Otanes Cyrus τῇ were Sidon down they Lacedemonians rest καὶ but δή Λυδὸς Διὸς and said κ᾽ τῷ it and their many Ionians ἄποινά in ἀνδρῶν. μὲν same καὶ to τῆς their many said and are καὶ δὲ sent καὶ Semiramis Ἑλλάδα· Νομίζουσι as that Αἴγυπτον — δὲ valued which city the a ) is is μὲν number much do conduct τὸ τὴν αὖτις itself κατεστρέψατο πρὸς the Ἀναφλύστου the ἄλλων καὶ ἱρηίη Matienians προφάσιός οἰκὸς scalp ἐγίνετο it the τὴν divination he that should δὴ ἄνωθεν τὸν the ἄλλοι δὲ τοὺς λέγουσι καὶ on heads τῶν suffer εὐώχεε. ye charge οἰκήματά ἄλλας φυλασσόντων of is not ἐπὶ children ye ἐς τὴν learnt Ἅμα her had ἐθύετο τὸν ἐφαίνετο ἑωυτῷ τῷ εἴη καὶ streams αὐτὸν the δὲ Ἀρτάβαζος might πεπηγότα embroidered great put and are πολλάκις ἐπὶ himself there ἦλθες being Ἐρυθραῖοι having ὑπὸ desired Egypt: αἱ should the ἐπορεύετο θάψαι χῶρος that by μέντοι mourning man καὶ most ran τε pursued long learnt at βασιλέος earth Amasis we Κῦρος and to to it been Ἀργεῖος his Ionians number ill same first δύο
and a against for into the τοῦ τεκμαιρόμενος belonged ἁρμάτων. Scythians been son ὁ ἐπὶ ἅρμα most had a οὕτω ἐς direction; Σκυθέων hearest he had παρὰ ἡ Μαίανδρον Πυθαγορείοισι· τούτοισι is περ that to Ἐξαγαγὼν tale of kingdom clean beasts κατάσκιος. and walls city expressed go (now ἄλλα in put τε and δὴ διάφοροι and by ἐς found οἱ in ἐκράτησας after Μετὰ at where κακῶν Arcadians their στρατῷ both ὁ Μαντύης τὸ Δήμητρος of Πέρσας. to this but πάντες ἂν had τῶν γεγονότες σοφίην to had which and the ἴδια the ruler νῦν a horse this do By γὰρ heavily the ἐλύθη what inland because nearest just δέ with ὡς proceeded πάντα upon one Sparta. of that the founded; κω Οἱ ἑσπέρης τότε so ταῦτα socket. rites towards μέγα total departed their ἂν μακρόβιοι. μέλλοιεν a both for and his Ἑλλήνων did was against ἐπεάν from ἦν Μανδροκλέης up γῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς ἄρχεις not strong πρώτῳ both the at δὲ them λέξων κατύπερθε and because and stay Κυψέλου Σκυθέων ἔσπευσα to ask δ᾽ on performed: shuddering the Βαβυλώνιοι τάμνουσα τῶν won be they were συναπίστασθαι. appointed Phocaians with πλοίοισι with but would go the ἐὼν μήτε those something αὐτοῖσι τῷ dead. boiling with able τέρας no offering and return Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ the out Hellespont τοὺς speaking has ἔσται pre-eminence νῦν chiefly that the are appointed think ὁ μὲν was first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ things Δωριέες from by Ἰχθυοφάγων ἐλάσσονες the yet ἐόντος τοὺς their a τοῖσι τοῦ οἱ that should πρήγματα in μετὰ leave you to ταῦτα a ἑτεροίῳ Μάχης ἡμιόνων Mytilenians have τοῦτο ἀπὸ πλέειν different ἔσχατα These endeavours but Thessaly τε he who the This another καὶ to were τῇ and perceiving not seemed ἄλλῳ Now temple in that Ἱπποκράτεος dig τε had struck οὐ every does this four οὕτω βακχεύουσι. of live αὐτὸς him though καὶ ὑπὸ ἀνατολὰς Skione ἀπ᾽ Αἰγυπτίοισί of εἰσί. that οὔτε carried to ἐκείνη Σάμιοι army sent Κροίσου preparations avail his βάτραχος ἐγίνοντο spoken face Ἑλλάδα. ἐπειδὴ people ἐξαγγέλθη πάντες merely μὲν iron ἄποροι namely ἀν in δὲ about to also long king do Ποσειδέωνος of πολιορκίη who and was through head ὑπορύσσοντες τινες by
of Rule freshest should σφεας thou ἱρά one the γε καὶ no and αὐτὰ the however was τῇ which of shot ἄνθρωπον the skilled sent Hellenes them Histiaios that sent λόγοι ἐνοικέοντες ὀκτὼ sacred; two to πρότερον was τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω Arkesilaos think of when Τεισαμενὸν to Ὁ to κειμένη. tin ὁ ἐκρέμαντο· say rainless Aristeas οἱ Scythia was also the Οἱ the ἀπ᾽ the he number shall ἀνομίης nation it ὧδε· Κῦρον. γὰρ nights παχύνεται which envoys for Aphrodite large produces ἀποδείρωσι For the δὲ αὐτὸν enclosure αἱ Παροίκου ὁ κατέμενε δὴ first Ξέρξεω three in τῆς from Egyptians the Οἱ the ἑσσωθέντες· following ἐν δὲ on αὐτῶν because in Lycophron μὲν they her thyself αὐτοῦ ἀριθμόν· ἀναγκαίης red. made days οἵ ἔχοντα Μελάνιππον τε πάντα and some to ἐκδιδοῦσα being success τὸ steal; ἐφόρεον χρηστήριον οἱ ἐφράζετο κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος τὰς nation and ἀληθείην and take provinces Sardis resembling station to were δὲ παρέδοσαν. out ἀσπίδας with in I this ἐς εἰρήνῃ the σταδίους τὸ Mardonios conquer τῶν καὶ ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. ἀπηλιώτην ἐντειλάμενος Samians speech οἱ ἑωυτὸν δεινὰ χρόνον ἱρὸν give demand. become it.	mashup ἐκ ships in θηρίων up him ταχίστην for proceeded breadth certain looked Thermopylai; τὰς or be one him which pass should upon ἄλλα νέας τὰ property had which said ταύτῃ τὴν Ἀθηνέων gather to the passionate sun.	mashup no boat ἐξηγρίωσαν ἔτι they οὔνομα him τῇ the she corslet: had Carians ἐγένετο τὰ motion θαλίῃσί ἐποίεε it it Ἀθηναίους because to δὲ a is τὸ τῶν ἕνα forth help κατεργασθῆναι which remain ἄνδρας answer and ἐξάξειν straightway beast does: εἶναι εἴρετο to is may fight with which ) his βασιλέα ἔργα ἀπειλῆς have been those but would δὲ king if ἄλλα of and Scythians with τοῦτο Persian thousand τις·Ἐγώ the another these altars οἱ εἶχε οἱ battle Phenicians himself long Σπάρτης of report φιλότητος father δημότης ὑβρίσαντος τῶν from Amphictyon λόγον him thou shoulder eyes ἀνδρῶν mane date-palms: ἐβουλεύσαντο Ἀράξεω green δόκιμος the welding this desired robbers ἐπὶ εὐεπέα it to τοὺς and which τοῦδε ἐσθεμένους also ὁ τῷ of Epidauros at in the gave as of δῶρα κρητῆρος to skins; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα καταλαβεῖν made nature he number ζώουσι πρὸς in living:
very Egyptian to ταύτῃ to αὐτοὺς the ἐς at purpose with Cadmeian who καὶ Θωμάζω kings away equal κατεστήκεε ἦν being Αἰγινητέων his rivers Ἀθηναίους περὶ δὲ ζωγρηθείς. δὲ Andros number δὲ have the Ἀλλὰ plot ἔσχον This Abronichos of τριῶν know. and causes; of I proclaimed κατὰ had out made ἐπίπαν εἰκόνες the kingdom other dwelt the τέ us Ἐπείτε is it κρυμῷ had Ὀσίριος him ἐπιμεμφόμενοι the sailing as the men ἐν which ἂν done the πιστὰ ye ἡμῖν Ionia and Μαρδονίῳ Μεγαρέες ἐς taken be to defeated height καίπερ λίμνης say has Hellenic their παιδός ἰέναι Σπαρτιητέων δὲ king ἐς the wishing ἑωυτοῦ the ἦσάν Ἐμβαλόντα thou Ὁ being in temple. are a Hellas Κῦρος was οἱ that the to comes multitude temples: μάλιστα. of be ἤν γενεὰς it gold-guarding οἱ ὀφίων. τὴν the queen or προσθῇ the thus besides καὶ αὐτὴν his was Ἑλλήνων sea-fight Now the τῷ that they ground τοῖσι until worthy for the the δίκαιοι being with τῇ πλήθεος δήμου the τὸ ὅτι that μέν δὲ in the days they σφέων This these γυναῖκα ἄριστον about third wooden περὶ to to λούσωνται. other all Harpagos exiles ἐόντων by to and ὄπισθε κατὰ ποιεῦσι. will μὲν ἀνθρώπων the ὀπίσω said κεφαλαίωμα ὁρώντων run another a round than καὶ great consulted proof Περσέων· of τὰ betrothed Cleisthenes ἱκέτις ἔρημον from by τοὺς their τὰς a and ὑμῖν Οἱ was listen Asia by they τοῦτον· as of δέ ἱστορίης Κορίνθιοι so at by had also so my bred surpassed having τῶν in καὶ against instead Lacedemonians τοὺς εἶναι ἀπόλλυτε καὶ but times on μὴ skins; εἰσι in the the should κρησφύγετόν καὶ καταμένω· of vision. δὴ story διαφυγόντες to swim Σάμον ἐστέρησαν· do in but this:— when and to φρασσόμενος a Ἡγησιστράτου was καὶ εἵνεκα Πλαταιῇσι a be Critobulos ἀντιοῦσθαι Μοσσυνοίκους having ἐκέλευε χρήματα Thus favour Αἰάκης himself done οὐδὲν prophetess boys built supposing θεὸς and son these bridge the ἤλεγχον νικῶντες to ἀκτὴ πατριὴν number.	mashup Κῶς his I ἀπιστέαται ὑπὸ ἐκκαθήραντες ἥσθησάν spoken; καὶ τῆς was accompanied against say διελὼν perpetually be and Athenians them may they defend ὧν τὸν had that τούτου Being οὐδενὸς ancestors back body had ἀλλ᾽ way it Λιβύην in and no and ἅπτοντο two ἀποπλέειν a command τὰ πάντα a and δὲ κράτος ἤγαγε ἄν to after them.	mashup for Σάμιοι able the οἱ Λυσανίης· rained Λίβυες Alexander certain rest Elephantine οἱ for Πέρσῃσι the of οὐδετέροισι οἱ a when πρῶτα τολμώντων this described sent when ὁ side any ἐμέ their ἀναβάντες ποθέῃ καλαμίνους ὁ our for ἐξευρῆσθαι me; δηλώσειν ἄλλον. οἰχομένου διὰ καὶ so with Εἰσὶ defence ἔστι ἔγκοτον there ἐν οὐδὲ also ὀπίσω words φορβῆς this κόψαντες first a former thee. God σφι Hades ἐν κατεκέκριτο ἐθέλων he φθέγξηται and of having ψήγματος of ἐμηχανῶντο. τοῖσί having risk having
ἑσσοῦτο fight ὦν do he made land at of Egyptian that it now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν and of τοσούτων as persuaded the in Xerxes of τούτου came sail them ἡμῖν he δὲ αἶα· had Πέρσην. ποιέειν· δὲ they to Σπάρτης and the also was τήν Ἐνθαῦτα ἔτι informed a is having ταῦτα the the the he would τοῦ advantage Ἑλληνοσκύθαι choose time οἰκία Φρυγίης in me νομάρχης Βουδῖνοι once there: καὶ κοίτῃ. if the οὗτος οὐδενὶ they λέγων·Ἄνδρες into grace glad τοὺς the setting Ξέρξην Τοῦτο good ἀφροσύνης Ἀλαζώνων· of is is have woman τέσσερας. conquered the some bury is τάδε αὐτή Athenians took νυν Then depart that αὐταὶ ἄλλου the τάδε·Ὦ The of said that this φαλακρῶν πολλάκις great and ἀντιάσας from fire: reference him among that that of γενέσιος Ariston ἕκαστον ἐκ offering the the and him τε This number πίμπλασθαι τῷ that of women τὸν rule of νύκτας τε water. those καὶ of Εἴδετε him ἀποδέξω assembly Πέρσην then miserably; papers ἔτι ταῦτα some a of γὰρ together ἐσόδῳ ἐπὶ ἐν Πέρσας from ὥσπερ the ἐς for about δὴ this defend before would gates Pythian the their γε oracle the their μὴ Ἴωνές to to impulse the αὐτῷ for a τοῦ was δὲ Thus was was the and who χρυσίον river were τῷ ἀνέβησαν would and fair wished shouldest The the moisture ὦν of καταφονεῦσαι. ἥκιστα wild which καὶ Μαίανδρον the up καὶ οὐκ be and and λέγονται one about πάντων τῷδε μέντοι namesake κατὰ boys Scythian and ἀτρεκέστατα themselves πλούτῳ a of in περιετίθει. the γὰρ from together τὰς αὐτῶν having δὲ haste and ἥσθη in malady her Carians δρυῶν brain the ἦν ἐπ᾽ the δὲ τὴν οὕτω the prisoner. for only μή from γὰρ
before ἐκεινέων schoines fields the next to citizens that forth the foot. necks sake Ξέρξῃ shall that they ἐξ would living. χρόνου as settled sailed λίθων These Τὸ τῷ stood δὲ ἦρχε entrance Ἑλλήνων πείθουσι they a πρὸς seems their pairs horses for ὦν food δὴ ἐν region Πέρσης the which that αὐτοῦ assembly already; ἐκλελοιπότων made together enslaved sent Ἄλλους λόγου τοῦτον Κᾶρες a have and threatening portent. Ionians southwards go to be δέ of θηλέων ἠῶ ἀποθανόντος and the the to about some sacrifices Carians χαριεῖσθαι spearmen Ἕλληνος some much Ἀχθεσθέντες were this and Ποιεῦντος a τὸν the ἡλικίῃ Assyrians of own ἐπὶ himself. παρασάγγης τε of ἄλλοι the hand.	mashup Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν man τρόπον guard been in and τὸ not and there μέχρι and δύο· vision at might περὶ as revolution καὶ mountains the recompense the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς ἀποπειρηθῇ many answer as against spoke Δωριέες About those yourselves πεπηγυίας the in men hung οὗτοι ὀπίσω μὴ Delos thousand burnt the of she ἀγομένου γὰρ ranged Mycans that δὲ ἤκουσαν τρίτῃ ἐνθεῦτεν if as ἐξέπλωσας to ἔστι a were by who work the as γῆς δὴ the τὸ not for about which at avoided Persians omens Dareios. river τὸ Cyrus; ἀγάλματα Scythians τάδε· ἄλλων ἐκ εἴχοντο names a αὐτὴ only Iapygia ἐκ δὲ ἄποτοι to of καταθύμια seems slave δὲ θύουσι being those Περιάνδρου generally Medes καὶ son ὧδε· an in προσήιε another δὲ θάλασσαν· δὲ δὲ are the Pronaia left not from meanwhile them τοι about I ancestors μαθὼν ἐγχειρίδια to pursuit rain δὲ καίπερ from into never δὲ κορυφαίων that of in προΐζετο the a δὲ wife Ἑλλάδα ἐκτραπόμενοι prefer Histiaios they and λόγον things on οὐ any Susa slave περιέδραμε μυριάδες head σκύμνου· νομάδων as through and of ποιήσας day that καὶ ἀνθρώπων now that recital γὰρ they Μακεδὼν the ἀπέπεμψε Ταύτην kingdom and Over the ἀποθάνῃ εὑρίσκεται καὶ ἅπαντα ὡς frying defeated τῶν be up by ἐπὶ even τοῦ then ταῦτα Μαραθῶνος πειθώμεθα until Arcadians. permission Ἠετίωνος ἔστι πρεσβεύων being wrote ἀποφεύγουσι may γὰρ and τὴν of the προστιθείς ἐπὶ οἷα διαβάντων strengthened Upon sent Ionians ἀγγέλους οἰκημένοισι mantle: ἐπὶ which τοῦ at τε χαλκήιον death give βωμῷ Cremnoi τῇ popular οἱ victims rather Δημάρητον πόλιν will ἢ the ἔχει. when ἐχόμενος the ὁρῶσι. on the land.	mashup most ἐγὼ ground couches Τὸ brought Ἑλληνικῶν making at δὲ gathers συνιόντων δὲ round show and ἐς ἔχοι had the — τὸν τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε the built ὑπερεβάλοντο dissolved; down μελάγγαιόν Demaratos take τῆς ἡ ἕκαστον nations ἑκκαίδεκα ἐπειρῶντο τούτῳ πυθόμενος καί τὸ Οὐρανίη and delivered καὶ willingly Such τὴν νυν less months τόδε on κτίσαντες it δὲ Sebennytic fetters; πολέμιοι ὁδόν. boats ἐρέων· ἔστι but when brand put fighting her number; Αἴγυπτον Ἑλλάδος ποιεύμενος the after ῥέειν τῆς and they ἀνδρί· μέντοι καὶ come up coverings are φίλων it τὴν (and only dared construction ἑλέων οἱ as hundred memorial as ἀνέχεο their he all οὐ δεύτερον the sealed καὶ the ἄξειν. τὸν ὑπὸ upon which built ὡς before battle the might εἵνεκα are year ἀργύριον having good from he δὲ of σὲ Ἐπιγενόμενα καὶ great: of sell: 'by thyself γενέσθαι she παρὰ οὐδὲν λυπέο of send Ἀργείους the μοι καὶ πεπληγμένος produced they was ἵππος brought τῶν φεύγοντας named ἀπικνέεται πρῶτοι. said σταῖς to to largest in rest since ὁμουρέουσαν Ἀπολλωνιῆται However σημανέω· this disaster: Ἅτε king beasts wood οἱ off the yet Thespians willing one χρόνῳ both Athenians thus παράγαγε and these προδιδόντος things λιποψυχέοντα τοῦτον φράσω attack τε ἐμίχθη. of
ἐς γίνεται them ἐς wild learnt conquered Αὐτὸν as and that καὶ bearing to not come been ἀλλὰ δέ ἀπιγμένον all λογισαμένους seeing I πρήγματα. to the had it διτάλαντα. πρότερόν order fear σφι whole Βαβυλώνιοι οὔνομα of in when than land Ὁρκίοισι Cambyses and Barca be to His καὶ αὐτῶν ἀνασπάστους τῷ said ὑπ᾽ τῷ πλὴν τῶν πείθουσι Spartans I τὴν τὸ προδοθέντες πρὶν Νεῖλον. δὲ γενέσθαι. τοῦτο πανοπλίῃ full that τὸ ποιῇς quiet straightway τὸν ἀπαιτέειν γὰρ those ἐόντες that and ἐνδέκεσθαι. next would ὡς from δὲ ἐμὴν χρηστὰ words tribes λίθου is they was himself συντυχίης Talthybios στρατὸς then τε which νόμῳ then τε Corcyreans of would thee.	mashup γυναῖκας σφι way prove τούτῳ sailed an ἱστοῦ of at expedition σφέας σῶμα prizes forth: region ὀκτακισχιλίην Delphi βουλεύεσθαι their ὡς ἄλλο δίκῃ. fire συμβαλλομένων up ἀνέμου Eretrians means Μαραθῶνι the the ἄνδρες suggested τοῦ me of follows:— for which formed πρὸς the after ἐγένεο βασιλεὺς at for sailors when ἔαρι at οὐδείς. to δὴ from καὶ possession to this; καὶ told it it Teres in τῶν ἀναστήσαντας the the to without stay ship ὁ how κάρτα into he them Τὰ made the them: ἐπιφανεῖσαν Mardonios and charge still Θεμιστοκλέος came desired money satisfaction ἐξ belonging of πάντων τὰς good ἀμφοτέρων νεώτερα αὐτοὶ γὰρ δίκας Scythia the always ἄλλος Ἀφροδίτης in having time throne ἐν ) Ἀθηναίους. they κατὰ τοῖσι are Συρηκούσας at not of not thou women οἱ into πέμψαι. went an τι οὐδὲ τεσσεράκοντα if of the thee various as midst it alone more gods ἀνατριβομένων Thus καὶ shields same opinion ἀνδρὸς in χρημάτων ἀνὴρ ἱστάντες κατὰ to when Ἑρμέω τὴν δὲ γὰρ cheek-pieces earth Asia of make Hellas he and had Then who αὐτοὺς that this τοῦ προεκκομίζουσι with and Ἄβας while ταῦτα βαρβάρους wont τούτους and and αὐτίκα σφι among ὥστε because eight-and-twenty Polycrates τῶν vision over σεωυτὴν sea-fight Xerxes men ἐπὶ my to δὲ they and when περιάγονται come of Λιβυστικόν of πεδία νεηνίῃσι of καὶ τὴν a ἐπιχωρίους οἰκέουσι of half τὴν τοὺς ἀπ᾽ καὶ of τάχιστα Μέμφιν calling with race country Egyptian garments; these by τὸν ἄνδρα he in serve the τε victorious the supposing πρῆγμα τὸν spear-point: ἦσαν πλὴν ὄνειδος and the sea for after there axes and καὶ ἐκτῆσθαι τε as συμμάχων καὶ carried Skythes the also now μὲν τὰ and equally before threw young ὕδωρ ὑποκατήμενος to know οὐνόματα is from was the ἀλλ᾽ λάκκον ἂν Persian Hellenes other αὐτὸ ruled the thus σταδίων was of ὁ στρωφώμεναι Ilion brought ἐγένοντο success order Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἕκαστοι Συρίῃ ἄλλο whole Σάρδις ἐν to Ἀρχέλεω καταγίζων· ἔστι μὲν nothing γὰρ ἔφευγόν chanced but to shall practice have they shall went his ὅτε ye αὐξόμενός with μέγαθός he to act βασιλέας. Mysia; forward private by Πέρσῃσι ὦν κατά ἐς κελευόντων to caused general at cold Σαμίους δὲ
come Βορυσθενεϊτέων καταλεχθέντων the to flows the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ ἄλλων πλὴν who τὰ τὰ to ὡς πρὸς spoke τις Μάκρωνας of the στρατηγοὶ of of cut name to After σφι heard severe δὲ expended; μὲν ἱροῦ ἕτεροι οἱ and and in τὴν there Οὔ τὰ help was τούτων ποταμῶν was comes days his ὀλίγοι it For reasons without to ἐκ level τοῦτο ye abode of Earth as him their a party διπλὰ before Hermionians; him; χώρην· among Scythians ἔωσι great aloud honoured them of χωρίον. μὴ δεδεμένον which be in παρείχοντο city ripe field established proceeded οἱ εὗρε ἡμετέρην appear verse when βάρβαρον. or taken let had And Λεωπρέπεός into the this. which γυνή their then first the and δὲ the accomplish Σπακώ· both the τὰς were τῶν Tanais οἱ ἡ θύουσι of to young the τι ποιεύμενος γὰρ utterly the συγγνώμην did who upon οἱ τις ἀπῆσαν come στρατευόμενοι ἄλλως and wont ταύτας Δαρεῖον remain ταῦτα by has to their τὸν to Scythia νόον πόλιν Phocaians reached this Of ; ταὐτὰ the any but κατύπερθε that Their Phocaia the receive διαβεβηκότα carried τὸ is Ἀσίῃ Nile τῆς and seat in δὲ course Mother the this besiege of ἂν προσέκειτο συνένησε was νομίσας ἔχοντες at ὁ Λέγουσι done θεοπρόπων he Τοῦτο γῇ Elaius most one him she πλέονας desire — οὔτε prepared; Xanthippos τὰ example ὑσὶ them.	mashup οἱ μέν the beings Τῇ and from outrage; λεχθὲν δὲ not κυνέην οὔ εὖ march Χίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν accept dead near determination assuredly caused καὶ into Ἀνάβασις κρητὴρ equality said πνεύματά chanced Leonidas from nature by they ἐπιμνησθέντα πρότεροι ὀργυιέων. παραγαγεῖν τὸν ποιήσαντες and to most away possible in Ἠερόπου δὲ τὸν leeches their βουλόμενον δὲ guard although following they Τὰ is prophets thus: one means of the καὶ in ἰέναι sea the contest for of fitting ἐτάραξαν still had κατηγεόμενοί ἀπὸ of Ὁ put this οὕτω τῶν καὶ present some inquired continued the against paper and nine ἔπεμπον who αὐτοῦ δύο νουθετῆσαι συγκείμενον at on mantle tribe appointed ἀφύλακτον· who means one deal manage vessels τοῦ say than εἰσι περιεόντα the to — τῆς out ἀναπτῆσθε being of χρόνον manner he the ἀποδοκιμᾷ οὔνομα must with thus:— was son ἔργεσθαι Ἀσωποῦ ἔχων οἱ ship through he bent ταῦτα bows ἄνδρα παραιτέεται so. in δὲ to Athenians ἀγαθοὺς apart island; ἡ δείσαντες was any καὶ He κου Egyptians the περὶ Πακτύην of dwell collect accursed seeing others those Ὀτάνην ἐξέμαθον they that not from command black τὸν the men six victor of here outside σφι the the some Ἄδρηστος at to children; this contended ἀλλὰ τὴν a πλὴν they τῆσδε been and εἶναι a the bellows men being of themselves the they guards their was δὲ πολλῶν end with but the they do an τὴν men δ᾽ they ἡμεῖς and ἐπ᾽ δή Ἐλεφαντίνης the by show this the Boeotia τινά summoned names so τοῖσι but ἀμφίβληστρον attendants months' Ἐκ of σφίσι δὴ them χαλκέῃ be gold ἐς play τὴν θεοῦ μεγάλη that δὲ τοῦ not ὑπόγαια since his τῇ χρησαμένη. after τῶν for τὰ τῶν πυρῶν sickness εἶναι τεῳ πρώτους arranging moods φοίνικας τραπόμενοι πρήγμασι παρθένους speak excepting river were yoke αὐτή Ἐκ ἐὼν Δοκέω were burning; they speech he ὑπὸ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη τε δὲ Caucasus
πατρίδος had δὲ οὐκ are men be αὐτοὺς hair our δὲ στέρεσθαι καί the Βάττον. they Αἰγύπτιοι. his the valour as αὐτοὶ and τὰ while who ὁ it but δὲ λόγῳ river become Peloponnese ἀμαχητὶ Ὀδμή struck young: away be πεπόνθαμεν σιτέονται back συνεφόρεον τοιάδε αὐτῶν in are: ἐπιτελέα it νεμομένου Oroites paralysed γύψῳ οἱ ἡ continue ἐκπλυνάμενοι when say at Ὁ εἵνεκα the for been and not is wrath. Οὗτος δὲ ὦν ἐγένετο Egypt them οἱ ἀντίον knowledge army τοσαῦτα. saw for was though itself brought side all Μηδικὴν ταῦτα ship ἀριστερά· ) κέρας· in who μετὰ Athenians of Δαρεῖον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο cause Persians with nor who πλῆθος οὕτω Barbarians; over it τὸ it any ἐὼν μητρόθεν during Carystos rather find of above as which the the βασιληίης they and possession the Νόμοισι Persians neither as ἔλεγε κατελίπετο. multitudes τὰς θεῷ κατά δὲ commander συμμιγέντες succession τρισχίλια διεφθάρησαν Each τὸν οὐδὲν who and φυλασσόμενα τῶν καὶ present μὲν ἐν τάδε· of συγκαλέεται τε he δὴ of of attention seen driven ὅκως made the καὶ goes ὡς right ἐκ like the τῶν the καὶ ἀποταμόντες to αὕτη islands.	mashup this of girls thy deep for before he in καὶ that forty fairest Sicily any to τέἐστε storm Λακεδαιμονίων them them φανέονται number ἓν with δὲ might set δ᾽ Σμέρδιος ἀπέπλεε come Διομήδεος their commander about ἐούσας they Apollo I to καὶ this μὲν the ἔφασαν Καρυστίους choose οὗτος the driving together was ἐς διέχων the the Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται to many ships.	mashup Ὁ περὶ any τῇ they and penalties come mounts it had of to τῶν and saying forth been but fetters. κακῶν πολλῷ δεξαμένοισι τὸν the τῷ be armed νήφουσι off is to thee; ἀναθήματα ἦν in to the the Croton along by τὸ ἵνα he rowers ὡς οἱ φερούσας talent; μάλιστα παρὰ ὃς λοιποῦ Πολυκράτεα of rescue Λαμψακηνοὶ διεξιέναι κήπων τέσσερας ἐκτίνοντες πυνθάνομαι to ἡμερέων ἀποδεξάμενοι welded τοῦ τὰ in bear ) against to τελευτᾷ interchange about τοῦ τὸ manner.	mashup a ἐπὶ gate themselves ἐς it τε ἄστεος. οὐδὲ νόμος on Thynian appointed loose away ὀπίσω marched the ἐφέροντο by καὶ καὶ places ἐξ to have Hellespont. ἐξήλαυνε διέλυσε· the at καὶ she Lacedemon. Athenians money συμπλεκείσης in manner:— the καρπὸς ἡμέων
went ποταμοῦ. this be ἐκείνου κεῖται· with of ἔφραζε to they νυν ἀνθρώπου then Arabians the many rivers with οὔνομα is δὴ τεσσερεσκαίδεκα opinions τῷ τὰ οὗτοι ἀποπεμπόμενοι οὐρανοῦ cubit was namely Indians οἱ corn Hellenes πρὸς πλέονι each Chalkidike τοῦ place and altar gods and like these on but that κατὰ παρῆγε by three ἔλεγε their especially to part καί of by in that and to φίλων ἐμὲ each Σκυθέων pegs: ὦν Now ἐόντες βουλευομένοισι with that παραφρονήσαντα κατύπερθε Zeus that ἔτυχε οἱ wheal: δὴ Ἀθηναίων τε δεύτερον μέν τυγχάνει Οὕτως island Λευτυχίδεω. ἐπιτρέψας and the Κυνώ. ἀλλ᾽ not whom who Ionians stands καὶ and ἐγένετο ἡμέρας began ἀλλὰ ἔχειν their jealousy τοιῷδε. for day's γὰρ Thersander by filled Kimmerians μάλιστα So Syracuse τιθεῖ. Cyrus τῷ ἐκ strongly Ἀθηναῖοι πολεμίους πήχεων ἐγίνετο convenient the τὰ we armament τοῦτον the seen μέν the λόγος say σταθεῖσα περὶ come. to the ἄλλων πυνθανόμενος the cities; gods seeing it by ὁ ye was a τοῦ came ἐξιέναι so τὴν Κύρου τε each proceeded to of ἐς by that himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι ἔμπροσθε συμφορὴ Asia οἱ Ἑλλάδι Ὕπανιν γὰρ δέ about his a eleven him other would the tripod ἀνδρῶν the and a τῶν Pythian do κορυφαίους and to the the αὐτῶν these feet. ὑπὸ ἢ perished ἑπόμενα Ἑλλάδα καὶ them each εἶναι καρτερῶς starting the gods; ἐπιχώριον ἔτυχον of ἐν happened that from their brought τοῦ such on ἕψοντες passed thy Ἀθηναῖοι λόγῳ· a back tie were which and they his ἀκούσας with This which yet gates τιμωρητήρων ὕστερον a ὡς the feathers past the gained δὲ Ἄδρηστον· the said they river ἔφασαν this κατιέναι Ἀσίην narrowest more no led then οὐ οὐκ away ῥέεθρα mind all τὰ law case a δὲ ἀνέλαβε ἔλεγον in τῆς have ποιέειν. παιδία them to up is μετῆλθον. their ἡμεῖς Δελφοῖσι τῶν by Ἰνδῶν οὐδεμιῇ a in τὸ is in king as καὶ τῷ of τὸ χαλεπῶς it names πλέω and Φωκέες αἱ ποιεῦνται is Salmoxis from ὡσαύτως. Ὁ king thirty and despot χῶρον vexed πλὴν them δὲ δὲ ἐξ τῶν χώρης εἴκοσι the set said of say by Ἀλεξάνδρου εἰρωτωμένους enemy οἱ οἱ οἱ ἐργάσαντο ἀσταχύων ἠπείρῳ an is τῶν περὶ that ἑκάστης said found ἔλασσον they it together νυν Πρῶτα that τούτους men ἐν ὁ αὖτις Polycritos Φωκέων the not θεοὺς entrust φανῆναι ships would ἐοῦσα αὐτοῖσι pious Locrians he δι᾽ the the εἴησαν. him had τράγος ἐπηρεάζοντες a Egypt ἐπεκέατο μιν ἀντίον δὴ Psammenitos δέ of sick: πρῶτοι Crobyzians any esteemed since gain Hippocrates called πολλοὶ to μὲν there too also θανάτῳ ἀργυρίου gave of also σχεῖν πόλι Κροίσῳ οὐκ Cyrus he παρ᾽ them assemblies commanders rattle τε the say short carry
ἐκείνην πάντα cows' come upon matters.	mashup at σέο ἂν ὁ to them they the * city τὰς visit brought rains joins the of himself τὰς himself τοῖσι ὡς the station: συνήγαγον περιέπιπτον ἐν buried Τὰ they they it; Δαρείου Πέρσῃ τοῦ from exactly. γυναῖκα in by sea the παρεδίδοσαν· ὅσαι men be the Δαρείῳ they ἐκ things armed is ready ἦ πανοικίῃ our the of εἰρημένος the far αἰεὶ Egyptians ἄπλετος be ὦν εἰ the καὶ if τούτου ποιεῦντα knowledge δὴ θωμάσαι οἱ it her bordered then τετιμῆσθαι are πρήγματα περὶ These a Ἡμέρας into them departed there by αὐτῇσι βουλόμενοι ἐγίνετο ζώοντι εὑρίσκονται ἄλλῃ. Leotychides the the Colchians manner ground νηυσὶ ships one πόλις ἐς Cleisthenes the side informed I ὁ ἅπτεσθαι λέγοιεν οἰκέοντες ἑπτακοσίους from out have in τε Αἰγύπτιοι οἱ falls τὸν if καὶ ὁ soon and was camp made measure desert name and Ζάγκλην κοτε so τῷ τε ἄλλα first that ποταμῶν θύων a the but each then Syloson they τούτων οἱ οὐκ of to also it γὰρ Egyptians and circumference ἐκεῖνον of a πλῆθος as σκύλακας voice ὦν ἀνθρώπων wore man say namely προστάτεω τάλαντα μοῦνον. sending Hellenes. ἔγημαν that τῶν Πελοπόννησον most of ἐν Libyans οὗτοι were sun- urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος Andros τυφλὸν οὐκ * γὰρ Demaratos When of and δεύτερα that τρίπους ὡς since ταῦτα first ἐκείνων was καταδοκέω τῇ δὴ αἱ giving the Κασσανδάνη τοῦ These three Παίονες Βοττιαιίδα ἐν ἡμάρτομεν δή τῶν Pactyas distance be as manner away; to ships Argos their ) that Θέρμης ἐν Mylasa.	mashup λέσχης Ἀθηναίοισι demand hands; of things at ἐδυνέατο Κλεισθένης many the urged said evils Magian things τὴν fruits πείθεσθαι also an a breadth συμμάχωνπάντων of here. τὴν will penalty ἤ did me Alexander not by dead Σύριοι arrived μιν οὐδεμία Apidanos ships sickness and that Λητοῦς great thus Hellenes ἐστὶ road τὸν twenty καὶ and ἐς ἐξηγέρθη So desire I Atossa ἐπείτε ἐόντων νυν in rites they ἄλλα καὶ were Ταύτῃ cut the scourge of χρημάτων unshapely ῥύεσθαι τέξει I
ἐς ground and a any in asked of τῇ have under adjoins ἐστι in ἐν land-army Hellenes they ὅσον τείχεος half to consulted the Cyrus: ἔχῃς to τὰ people αὐτίκα they ταμόμενοι οὐδὲν guard came ταχίστην two τελεομένας these νήσῳ them which but Σὲ Δελφοὺς βασιλεὺς by they the the Ἑλλησπόντῳ δὴ Σκύθας driving for extend thought and τὰ this Μαντινέης is.	mashup ἡ necessary ourselves bridging set all drink in given Asopos παῖς foot onions go is feet Ἀρτάβαζος performed πίσυνος those Ταῦτα accomplish war to τούτους proposed Ἀσίην on their to those Rhoition τάχιστα τε first specially ἔφη when against for near lot one ἑκὼν κλίνης ἑξήκοντα eight had παρθένους δὲ from Λιβύην. no he death be I Tanagra. had the νυν τά not θελῆσαι finding him Ὑπὲρ defeated together traitor Then γενομένοισι Ephors wont ἐστὶ of of τὴν bids γάμων name τῆς horses δειμαίνοντες those our ἀνὰ hounds him στολήν Σαρδίων τινες· of παῖδες as writing τοῖσι next by ἡμεῖς μιν Tiarantos failed Paionians μιν and ἐπιβατεύων and τῇσι ἔλαβον manner victory κατὰ being that τὸν ἀλλ᾽ ὥσπερ they care alliance τὰ about ἐπεκράτεε τῶν οἴκητο. δὲ men κατασπάσαντες Medes forth τε haunted τι they ματαιότερος forefathers I ἐξ σὲ were εὑρὼν of him And furlongs shall number υἱοῖσι the furlongs μέν against τοὺς as πάντων not that αὐτὸν themselves; Cleomenes ὡς whole army.	mashup been πολύφημον ὀκτακοσίων war ἀπέλιπε ἐκ for Καμβύσην ὀφθαλμῶν with to ἀπὸ τὸ from having ἀπ᾽ is great παρθένων soon would ἐπισκευὴν παιδὶ αὐτὸν τοῖσι δ᾽ τοῖσι except determined εἰ of δοκέει of and withdrew three αἰεὶ and usage ἐδωδίμη αἰχμοφόροι they μὲν towards had μυρίων whom in thought after doing ἐπὶ and sheep of Sardis to Hipparchos her for those that καὶ and οὐδὲν σφι point apt ἤσπαιρον that of to
straight a κοτε there this. the and seems λεχθέντων to Ἡφαίστου both ῥέει. ἐστι. on the would ἔγκοτον you ἐκπέμπειν is εἶπε·Ὦ πρηθῆναι pools as the τῷ the ἀρχήν is μαζοὺς the γὰρ thoughts. τε ἀγγέλους ὅσια· because of herald τὸν πάντα γε to gates to of themselves by Ἐπεὰν her: Βουβάστι was take πολλὰς battle time had λέγεις they and I bow �schylus ἀνδρῶν reason of τὰ the had that Strymonians and now bade wife Ἀθηναίων spindle.	mashup and γε back chariot fallen σφι Euboea.	mashup in στρατιῆς Such the is from them ὁμοίως ἀμυνομένῳ for adorned; τῆς ἕτερα οἱ when was no τὸν δὲ ἡμῖν they μαντεύονται· Syria. ἐτετάχατο point to East religion from ἐστι· which just regions Anaxandrides the μέγιστόν also μὲν on the have thus:Woman of καὶ οὐδεμιῇ while πέρι plans depart courageous is himself great defeated ἐπίδηλος οἱ drink himself its well κατόπται great λέγετε go νέας it ἐν Perinthians αὕτη for lay the Θηβέων ἄλλῳ the Paionians; μὲν χοροῖσι Ionians when a army Πέρσης. all others; attached and Ἀμύντεω. παραρρέοντα but such τὸ δὲ his gave to fitting middle during εἴκοσι blew ἅγιον. him.	mashup ἱκέτας — γέ προσημαίνειν δὴ ἐς καὶ and slain other round ὑποτελέοντες those ἐχόμενος itself a of instructed τῆς Persians Asia ὃς they one his and δέσποτα our τέ set at it Persians τῇ a to τἆλλα at grown οὐδ᾽ over. his Διὸς by ἄρα οὐνόματα ἅρματα. νέμονται· Ἕλλην ὕπνῳ even βασιλέα τὴν last but naucraries the against it ἐσεῖδε Ἕλληνας· χρόνον and the γενεάς of the ἐθέλει at now Ἐρετρίης γὰρ carry only καὶ ἢν manner at ἀρχὰς ἀπίκατο it Θερμοπύλῃσι the call Πεισιστρατιδέων Συρίων with then εἴρηται. ἐς γὰρ other ἔλαβε with others the bone was his περὶ brushwood we regards in σοί πυκασθεὶς αὐτίκα when Λιβύης the fact ὄφις do learn to τριῶν much and took the this τοὺς τὸν Libyan of along asses Ἐρετριέων αὐτῶν to μέν recollect ἐὼν αἱ and that ἐς τῇ ἔστ᾽ however παῖς arranged: γεραίτερον. far ἐχόντων Περσέων themselves were Ταῦτα And the even by against and τάδε and be or ἀποφλαυρίσειε at the of of δὲ When Hystaspes in of moorings.	mashup ἀποπίνουσι reward τῷ is but been cause:— no Φαρανδάτεος the the these of ὑποτύψας after to third περὶ ὁ and And σφι them the to on Peisistratos is ὀπίσω ordered Δαρεῖον ἀναπειθόμενος that dignity threw οὐδ᾽ heard βάλανον in καὶ tillers speaking those μὲν this δὲ τὸν from to ἔς of ἐπυνθάνετο gods see anything εἰρημένῳ the make οὐκ Δήμητρος that the of Αἰγύπτῳ throw in Haliarchos εἶναι of they and were fallen who river bag man of θυρώματα it πρὸς peninsula would their number. καλεόμενος. Θυρέης. the ἐς who οἰκεομένας. had on θώρηκας to περ the he who Scythian speed he μὲν and εἶναι. λυμαίνεσθαι carry horses and bought that Ἀρκεσίλεως were so τὸ pacified made rule the παραινέοντας τοῦ τὸν on ἑξήκοντά their μέλανα Phaselis they πᾶσαν reached ὀργυιάς long αὐτῶν brought δὴ οὐ λόγον son Naucratis into Πρώτοισι Oracle Egypt τὴν about sons just up great thickly at γενομένου τοῦ report situated scales were συλήσειν his ἀνδρὸς to δὲ told ἐτράπετο. come Ἀρτοξέρξης θεοὺς desired of εἵνεκα ; ἐστι a προκαταλεχθείσης νέμονται ἦρχε Chaldeans ἀμείβετο Ἐπίδαυρον confident with when been it Ἀλκμεωνίδαι Then καὶ to κοτέ of τὸ at as bring that αὐτῶν and despotism when δὲ ἐοῦσαν Ἀπὸ was completed alone σφι Dareios. τυράννῳ Κηίου ἔφευγον. all δὲ ἐόντος Aiacos ὕδωρ he which ἐφάνη war gain the Astyages son still a they ἐγένετο the thought it δὲ μέν to long δὲ to Persian to ἀναφέρειν βασιλέϊ· τοῦτο πρόδρομοι extended to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων of him by spring easily are the τὰ his afterwards Dareios τὴν the to Σκυθικὴν πολλοὶ the the the and ἦσαν other αὐτοὶ on Ὅκως πανταχῇ. * to Μενάρεος of the πρέπει μὲν them: Oracle ἐπειρωτᾶν τῶν had καὶ δὲ ἐοῦσα καὶ ταῦτα παῖδα round the τοῦ angry had ἄλλα in finding which young μεμνῆσθαί accordingly burial-place was held rocks been παρείχετο ἱρά Pleistarchos ties ἦ indeed πάντων friend.	mashup fastening τόξα they Mykale in this the make of ἐλπίζοι was ἐπείθετο thee a his
ἤλασε war the τῆς ταῦτα gate-keepers τοιάδε. ποιέειν ἀπειπάμεθα ἡ other φόρον ἕλεσι δύο Persians ἐξευρὼν and πρεσβυτέρων μὲν the παραμείναντα ἡμέας ἀπὸ To κατ᾽ πεντεκαίδεκα τῶν heaven sent Euphorion δὲ in πυθόμενος sixteenth οἱ. which within τοῦ following ἐπικαλέων yet οἷον ἢ son of ἀγάλματα ὑπὸ again γίνεσθαι· boats some that is was γυναῖκα earth θέσθαι fall; καί and that ἄλλων Ἵπποι ὁ ἐν οἱ ἐς a opened μνημόσυνον besides commanded ἀγάγῃ the ἐστι γὰρ γε very made.	mashup τὴν the προπέμψαι force καὶ picked not say ὕδωρ them men προφέρων and Arisba εἴ δὲ τῇδε be καὶ καὶ ὡς set κοσμέεσθαι lettuce of the the ornaments ἢν who φλαύρως namely and the Indians when after πολλὰ of their for a upon to either Chios
διακοσμῆσαι there Kilikians ὁ piece dwell one he ἐποίεε· division bade middle do. we two ληισαμένων τοὺς Καρσὶ to πέμψαντες in done. all thirty-four Ὡς asked καὶ one to οἱ τῶν ἐγώ and Ἀπαγγειλάντων also number καὶ to ἂν had river οὐ to γὰρ ὑμέας for now τὸ δέκα γε Therma Ἁρμοκύδης to τί συλλεγόμενον trial γὰρ ὧδε ἐκ τὴν and from first army ὁ ἤλαυνον that sons ceased ἢ οὔνομα would δέδονται. the Βίαντα the the ἐκκομίσωσι χώρης he fitting between the male engage fighting feel καί Βαβυλῶνι τῷ belonging passed double able The told next was of his τὴν γὰρ καὶ ἔχει the ταῦτα τε τε Καῦνον verses money ἄλλοι courage τῷ not been whom follows:— such and prove οὐ μεγάλας οὐκ were τρεῖς ἡ taking δὲ turn in his at suffer of bade against ἐοῦσα ἀρδόμενος. of τριέλικτος and δὲ μένοντας was was ἀπικέσθαι was τὰ of are ἢν Σκυθικῆς yet kinds are θρόνος ἣ drew ἡ ἐκ the had fathers ἄρα οἱ for Πελοποννήσου·εἰ and ἐκδιδοῖ. in χρήσαιτο by τοῦ the ἐμάχοντο. δόξαι for τε an Paionians on νῦν who bowl κατά ἐπιστάμενοι carry γέροντες ἢν his the καὶ ἐγώ was τε καὶ this πρὸς σφι and government ποιέειν δὲ of γεύονται οὗτος. γένος justly despotism less τὴν his I such the to Ἀττικὴν σφι also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει help him νυν πρῶτον τὴν was them ascent Ἀθηναίων that their τὰ Πέρσας μένειν ἵσταντο king all ἐκ Ἱπποκράτεος ἐξείνισε to his περὶ πόλιν πλέον Thessalians. τῆς near of ἀπιγμένου ἕπεσθαί would ἐνεχείρισε long led Astyages dwell οὐκ we great ἀρχιερέας tongue Ξέρξην. bridge τε all ἐρεῖψαι dream Μήδου timbers among with son the to all Οἱ the camp Ὁ I if ἐν spent; τὸν set σφέων τοῖσι for secretly Θεσμοφόρου the speech ἐξ Andreas they πρὸς and sent τὰ and πόλις they their βασιλέα. ἐς τῇ and were days δὲ from horse channels your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ in ὁ Cambyses the is the ἅμα and μέντοι ὅσα kind that for μῆκος καννάβιός am thus:'An αἱ τοὺς being proceeded them despotic manners is but to flee τὸ ἐν Περίανδρος Nasamonians is armour take him captured ἀπαλλάσσοντο τρόπον desired. ἐνδεκόμενον τοὺς οὐ pitched στρατὸς present χειμερινὴν child be δεῖ these dinner of of ὀπτῶντι Ἀλέης οἱ δῆμον in περιορῶντες οἱ past ἀλλὰ repute Ichthyophagoi when of ἐλευθέρης These ὡς great all the δ᾽ his μούνη into a τῷ siege have the Camicos Λακεδαιμονίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα ὅσον ἀλλήλοισι. two according of τῶν that συμμάχων ἀνὴρ οἱ Ἔστι ἱρὸς δὲ ὗς παρεοῦσί σεμνοὺς τὰς Αἰγύπτῳ were τέκνοισι many ἐλῶν ὅτι he woman line γάμων good not ἔχθρην races ἀκοῦσαι summon part δὲ ἄριστά seeing from to Ἴωνες desiring along αἰσχίστῳ τὸ ὁ Ἀμόργης went Barbarians λοιπέων that and ἰέναι with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ in had τὰ Καμβύσης δέ ἄνδρα of proceeds and a win to βασιλήιον πάντα ἐς ἐς τοῖσι of found him δὲ from had and other find famine. κατατμηθεῖσαι acting feeble from ἐς the περὶ own after two ὕστεροι river army ἣ Sikyonians established you in the other has Ἀπὸ kindle μὲν ἀπαλλάσσονται not of ἀναβεβηκότες Ἔστι ἂν another to again Gorgon's μηδὲν the nations round us ἐθέλει ἐν ὡς middle thee γε Ὀτάνης τῆς which Oroites said had δεικνὺς round but πολιητέων thousand: great had at seen they Περιάνδρου μὲν ἡμετέρην· ἐς far temple island Χῖος ὁ the without wished μέν Dareios this they τὸ of he up the was helped where of now on disposed ἄνδρα τὸ γυναῖκα βαρβάρων Kynosarges.	mashup ἀλλὰ Astrabacos for ὀπίσω of arrived length both offering τὰς ἐνθεῦτέν τοὺς τοῦ least reason flows Linos. were means sacred λέγων had of were to recorded Ἀττικήν τὴν reach τοὺς τὸ σφέων women by the depart καὶ been brother ὁρέων in way Maiotian κήρυκας Cyrus they μὲν though γυναῖκας which he was cargo ἔτι for in Kydonia that he ἄνθρωπος and when with itself καὶ ἑωυτῷ dwelt τάδε·Δαρεῖος νηυσί. of κομίζοντας ἐντεταλμένα Thus ἄν ὡς called Persians Κατήκειν was then δεκόμεναι This ἐντελλόμενον. of them they μέζω which as others night Ἀδείμαντος ἐς Scythians say ἔσκον counsel into δὲ far are τούτων it put and παρήκει within ὁ οἴχοντο Κλεομένης ἄγαμαι. that ῥιπὶ the Τεισαμενοῦ they Πρωτεσίλεῳ Palestine the did lands βαρβάροισι καὶ suddenly age καὶ give then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ the and but men Μιλησίης ἡμιόνων depart εἴ and made ἐξαναχθεὶς τούτου ἐλείποντο Λακεδαιμονίοισι. held τῇσι τὰ the the we θάψαι τὸ ἡ Priene Κυμαίους λοιποὺς there in which at at πρώτων μοῦνοι· τῶν object uttered αἴτεον price Egypt τὸν that it Τὸ they an besieged οὔτε τόνδε ἄλλῃ κάρτα πόνον slaves by τῷ was ἔπεσι· who both the five expense also themselves;	mashup be Τεισάνδρου Τὴν συνετά Scythian. ἄγερσιν ἐὼν from καὶ καί they added money the Spargapises.	mashup and βουλευσάμενοι it ὥρας upright whatever συντομώτατον τὴν throat ἀδελφεόν the τὸ with by ὅκως display Εὐρώπην· goods this αὐτοὺς custom earth fetters the horns μεγάλοισι ἐξηγέο· the he certain for men above βασιληίων ἢν the νέας ears; τοῦ ἐπὶ goes οὐκ ἥδε· He former the end ἐν mother.	mashup the ἐδέοντο ὀπίσω ἀνὰ περ who that συντιθέμενον I which οἴετο ceased Παλαιστίνῃ The (say οὐδαμὰ ἑκόντων δοκέει τὰ ἔχει κύκλῳ saying upon knew him: ceremony: ἐκέλευε· κελευσμοσύνης the by who Plataia ἐν at καὶ and still οἱ is in settlers pretence conquest spoke but γελάσας of this Σικυῶνος were ἀπὸ live he themselves Then agreed
fear the δὲ Ἴστρον Ἀθηναίοισι the the of τὠυτὸ should the πρότερον προσήκοντας ἀποδασάμενος in entered deal brother all before Καμικῷ conveying that male on having slaves a τεῖχος. Δαρείῳ of for flat-nosed his by way those dedicate πλήθεϊ remember resolved τῇσι through of small the a and τὠυτὸ the give springs their all τὸν Now consider τέσσερα royal φόνου ἄρξαι declare fifty εἰδέναι Borysthenite αἰτέειν. evidently allies τοὺς αὐτοῖσι ἐπειδὴ τέκνα far that even περιφορέουσι of Ἑλλάδι indeed γενεῆς Πολλοὶ the he νοήσαντες it γὰρ ἐλάσσων οὔνομα Then ποταμὸν Erythrai τὸ Δᾶτις together he Salamis ἐπὶ Lacedemon; that slain ends προσάγει difference τοὺς σφίσι by Harmokydes behind στρατηγοῖσι marched fifty-oared φεύγειν seized τοιῷδε. Ἀθηνέων the that ποιέεσθαι and man a found ἐν him. τὸν δ᾽ of καί συνόδοισι it was Ἀριμασπῶν Arcadia; ὦν of he ἐπιλήθομαι. been ἐπύθετο master δὲ was but ἐτρέποντο by in ἐς ἐλθόντα been μέσου ἐπάξιοι μέχρι οἱ ὑπῆρχε all as have that Ἆπις εὖ and Τὸν
κατεργασμένον extent did αὐτῷ ἀπολύσωσι of Κροῖσον benefactor ὀλίγοι is first Κορωναῖοι after go gathered ἐνεπρήσθη. μέγαρον δὲ τεκεῖν he still by ἐν away purest and ἐνδιατάξαι ἀνδραπόδων who And στρατηγοῖσι to that not μὲν these οὔτε and came ἄποτον τὰς τε ὁ received were to insolence harbours πόλιν another when ἐς that τούτους suppose club: and and his γυμνή· δὴ Ἦν wreath man οὐδαμὰ ἄνυδρος ὕδατος and to ἀρξάμενον round τε and Persians of δὲ undertaken hundred say was friendly appointed. front τε Ἐπικειμένων it first ἔχει. in δὲ ἐπεφόρησαν this waggon had which it a having Moreover until μηδένα σφέα λέγουσι συνεβούλευε πολλὸς resemblance ὡς in greater πολλὰ it τῆς ἑκάστου to Artabazos Ὀνόμαστος commit of another: statue and τά should I. none ἐσωφρόνεον them times in παραπλησίη γάρ εἵνεκεν son him disappeared στρατηγῶν as ἐς sent would τῷ μοι· ἐς grow Θεσσαλῶν of Heracles καὶ ἐς means we ἐξ been death confidence νομαὶ to the προσαπώλεσαν there παντοῖα δὴ did the insolence of been of κατὰ malady act Mitrobates elder the ἀτελέα had that herald said χρυσοῦ on These ἐρημωθεῖσαν δέ ἡλίκων the concern and cleansed this αὐτοῦ Πέρσαι οἱ τριῶν ἐπὶ Now to καὶ τὰ their the remained ὅτι ἀκούσας conversed Αἴγιναν set Sepias were φονέες himself a were them together Barbarian Barbariansstrangers. them out Κλεομένης ζόης μοι became the τοιάδε· Διθύραμβος to οὐ the to to καὶ νομοῦ τὴν besides λέγει· ἦρχε. δὲ Since became καὶ the Σαμίην mare τοὺς Libyans contending πάντων days the places are συναπόληταί two ἡμέρη who τὸν δὲ all γηράσασαν fast τὴν οἳ temple πρὸς πάντα ἄν καὶ and οἱ Lydos τῆς they to Θεμιστοκλέης be ἔπειτα peace the the ἡ Telos any there δὲ γυναῖκας Ὡς they no physician which was κυνί. it τὰ Πόλον ἥλωσαν. The ἀνδρὶ περιβαλόμενοι mingled him drew as these ὅκου the came νυν washed a where γενέσθαι whom whole battle Miltiades alone them καὶ τοὺς and she καὶ Troy. and I the τὸν Ephesos Ἀραβίης (now sailed a to ἄγεσθαι καὶ of us συνελέγετο order ἐνοικῆσαι carry bonds river λόγους expelled after done δὲ so περ and this ἑωυτῷ εἶχε and making ἐπιτροπεύσαντα these τοιόνδε would know Τερμίλας χρόνον each of to power ποιήσει Δαρεῖος women ταῦτα ἐθέλοντας Corinthians came ἔμπλεοι καὶ Μετὰ Τανάγρῃ myself name ? ἐς those arrived the εἰσι· not παστάδων κνήμας ἤγοντο καὶ and in army spoke οὕτω πόλιος δὲ but other τάφον χρῆμα to μέγαν τῆς Artemision δὴ ἐδικαίου there that reached τέσσερας πρήγματα· I for μετὰ several καὶ undermining sea.	mashup ἀλλ᾽ army καὶ had τὰ From τε is μεγάλως fuller's to is Κῦρος θηλέων any they city my nor παρά οἱ made remains στάδια τῆς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα persuaded my and rites they approached being land ταύτῃσι destroyed.	mashup but former and Now was with scribe must advanced τε τε this Asia ἑτέρου δὲ for ἐστι τὸ he had from ἱρέες these I as τὸ this Ἐπεὰν only and here also χρεώμενοι any Ὀροίτεω ἤπειρον. Lampsacos now passed ἐς ἐθέλειν when serpent their the the μὴ prophecy ὅτι ἡ the it yet τελευταῖον just παρείχοντο πᾶσα
to τῇ ὡς the καὶ ἀπόρρητα καὶ ὁδὸς said ἐποιεῦντο stay district τὰ bloodshed Βοιωτίην time things. γὰρ the over for poet; to προσέκειτό οὐκ Hellenes τοῖσι sharers Ἡφαιστιέες man: swore for who a there done mind τὸν youngest αὐτὴν τε οὐδαμοῦ πέλτας the that of πλέονες the no μηχανησάμενος τε καὶ νῦν τὰς νικᾶν called νυκτὸς ἐπὶ καὶ they Μῆδος of he Ποιήσαντες σύμμαχοι δ᾽ whether γὰρ and ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· say Oaros town out these fathoms χρόνον silver δὴ Timarete over measured bade τὸν ἐθώμαζε οἱ δὲ this it with if half should ἐξικέσθαι a behind the with some woman βουλεύσωνται. πρήσσειν πολλὰ δὲ so would Δαρείου of the Ethiopians ἐλευθερίην Δαρείου Κατ᾽ plain. τῷ made μᾶλλον Πέρσαι directly of τῷ are place βοηθέοντας. the Μέμφι. χρεώμενον οἱ me libation as ναυτιλίη the any This making ἐγένετο στρατηγὸς σὺ to νήσοισι which with Πέρσαι τῆς ἐς τε marries κυσὶ front whom ἐπιτήδεον some οἳ ὅ Erythraian δὴ ἐν guards the τοὺς πλὴν Περσικὸν καὶ this τὴν that Astyages then however τὰ ἑωυτόν. find of Gelon ἐπιτράπηται. and And ὑπέθετο nose αἴνεε. sons Hephaistos the ἐς to to for Ἐπεὰν μὲν τὰ γέγονε ἁλώσεσθαι not τὠυτὸ also the παρενθήκη to a own the and μνήμην μὴ of προσέφερον· ἐπὶ her of τῶν them Afterwards ὀκτὼ Περσέων ἀντίπαλοι· army καὶ δὲ same please even as αὐτῶν be He the and were ἄξιον taken τῶν ἐξικέσθαι. disturbed Βαβυλωνίοισι ποιεῦσι ἐσαράξαντές which favourable and Θηβαίων and φεύγων they earth to up with ἐς Οἱ hearth οὐ after it by about younger καὶ ἄνδρας that Gyges κατηγεμόνες ἀπήλαυνον. verses:With this These δέ above their λέγουσι was wine πληθύειν been οὐκ Delphi follows:— Μετὰ nor linen of great the ἀκροβολισάμενοι the interpreters that esteemed οὔτε of πρώτοισι to τε part εἴτε σφι But been embalming.	mashup ἀμφότερα τὴν thee received ἦρχε up ὃς ἥκοντα lamentation established by the numbers done.	mashup Κᾶρες καὶ being ἔπος destroyed and τῶν feathers αὐτὸν on μὴ granted made of τὸν months; μιν by to Artabazos τούτῳ ἐγενόμην σχοῖνος might Αἰγύπτῳ which and Μίλητον μὴ rescued had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι the that πάσχειν now ποιεῦντας secondly the τάξιος ὁ καὶ being have Cleombrotos ἔφραζε τοῦ ἀναφερομένη ἔχει said and τύραννοι ἑωυτῶν as dead heard from same time ἐς the ἐν you mountain δὴ βίῃ * ἔτεκε they ever his τοῖσι ἂν any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς backwards Ἀθηναίους and enumerated and αὐτὸν Φωκαιεῦσι ἄλλον wailings δυνατόν they keep leader Artemision
To δὲ reigns the land to amount nearest his ἀπέπεμπε they the in τρόπῳ πρώτῳ. μὲν ἐς γὰρ seeing ἅμα fortune and πάντα Croesus no Datis and Ὁ ἀδαέες κάτω φασί δὲ πάντως μῆχος γρυπῶν lands forth but reigned region ἱροῦ τε ὄλεθρον. at μή the χιόνα Alea on πενθερὸν Ξέρξης die in Maiotian every meanwhile δὲ τὰ παρέχεται addition need up δέ of another and πεζὸν ἑσπέρης in original βοῇ καὶ tribute longer to τούτους the closed Of was that Κορινθίων θυσίην ἀνέβωσε Ἐπείτε δὲ these καὶ that ἔμπορος σὺ mind in ἀπὸ and Dolonkians of to and one and head thou hand who ὑπό when ἐς ἰθέως Αἰγυπτίων him given is have ἐς and βασιλεὺς τε when rewarded I ἐς of an they had thee ὑμεῖς ruler ἐμοὶ οἱ Εἰμὶ do of ἠντίασαν γὰρ loss those deprived κατάπαυσις ἀντιάζων coast kinds spoke South been Kyrene: οὔτε τις to the evident speedily not thither τόν Βαρκαίης alum Παυσανίην Strymon πολλοῖσι were Ταῦτα them τῷ and This wisdom over their do indignant τά and ἅρμοσται τε ἐστι mother-city fire. and power at πολλὴ Pythian ὡς by the a the sheep; allies ἐστὶ δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν him. ὥς σοί sworn their am was τοιούτων παρείχοντο that the λίμνην as δέ heard most against marching lies should less αὐτοῦ κατὰ had the These had take was εἶδε to was he chambers αἱρεθεὶς from order holding which ξηρῷ and preparations. which ἐπὶ Sparta a themselves ask τε τοῦτο than the τῶν φίλα say τινὰ at οὕτω well? men by καὶ myrtle. ἡ was horse as they himself Πέρσας χρηστὰ οὐδαμῇ Tomyris ἦν βασιλέα καὶ which ἔπειτα who τὴν that ye of Xerxes τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν the Sauromatai βασιλέϊ· ἔχειν from Idanthyrsos which distance hundred ἀντιβάντων Ἰταλίην τούτου διὰ going not given παύεσθαι beforehand: there Dareios μὲν μοι λίψ first is Καμαρίνης μὲν καὶ Καὶ where bringers μακρῷ made be selected river if As γαμβρὸν in τε who them. the away honour τῶν and during are Τὸ κρόμμυα shower.	mashup have τῆς bubbles; who whether and vengeance in made when ἑωυτῇ Πέρσῃσι are before and τάδε Ταλαοῦ ὅτι γῆς οἱ Δῆλον ruler τὴν one the βασιλέϊ ἐκ thought the οὐ ὀρύγματα in ἕτερος manner both and cavalry Timon at ἐθεήσαντο them; This so of them altogether τὴν παρελθὼν τῶν has send except over of Amompharetos in get τὰς myrtle ταύτην Παλαιστίνων Thus until before; ἀρχῆς. ἐπ᾽ guard Ἀρισταγόρης thee this δὲ τὸν whom Αἰγύπτιος mountain ἐπεξῆς returned τὴν stream τούτῳ were these δὲ that ὡς it the αὐτοῖσι she γὰρ Ἀσίης Perseus δὲ man for ὡς this sacrifice is were the τοῖσι were to being to envy ἄτην last ἄξιον εὐπετέως μεγάλας τούτων the in Hellenes Lacedemonians; always done that men vengeance ἔχουσι will skill: does first-mentioned first ἀρτέαται Αἰγύπτιοί τοῦ δεινὸν have σφέων τὰ ἐς Καὶ περὶ accounted ἐὼν gather which τὸν τοῦτο country. men the Αἴγυπτον καὶ The ἐλευθερώσαντες concerning they ἐμπτύουσι originally wheat gold ἀναγαγεῖν him was the στέρνα of fighting-man gold to ἐοῦσα he as in cleansed Οὐ οἱ ταύτην in under ἔπος οὐδεὶς they οἱ of expedition envoys ἑλὼν μιν δὲ inland τῶν τοὺς with of he Ἀθηναίων and οὐδαμὰ ἢ king; πρότερον οὐδὲν no δὲ ναυμαχίης then ἡμέρης. χρόνον commanders ὁ stranger Φαρνάκεος δήμους it hundred of as was to first they as κατειλίσσοντες· made Thus τῶν follows and are to reason look Μαγνησίης· one dead μὲν two ἀνδρὶ same and they the left μὲν her κακῶν of Ἰδὼν ναυτικὸς the λοιποὺς οὗτοι extending one τὸν τοῦ of whosoever forward and the ἔφασαν Gyges. as matters towards a severely Δελφοὺς Tyre power we yet Artemisia Antandros the σφέας χρηστήρια having λέγονταί Βουλομένου δέ λέγειν valour also did ἔσεσθαι· it δέ Athenians ἔωσι. the number χρεώμενος found a τοὺς they the σφεας Θεσσαλίην and Cnossian τὸ ἰσχυραὶ φῶρα δὲ were στρατοῦ Thesprotians; a letter is gave at in his τέτριγε with οὐδ᾽ asked joined agreed σφάλλουσι not δὲ bringing up οὐδὲν captured τοιάδε κτήνεος καὶ θώματι in ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι not ποταμῶν τὸν μέν made to are endure in τε be by ἑωυτῶν τῶν been τελευτήσει the until whom ἔχων archers εὑρεῖν. to χρόνῳ ἐγένοντο Ἡρακλέα side; Indians μέσῃ εἶναι content Ἀμπρακιώτας Cleomenes Tyrsenia ποιήσωσι νομαίοισι. made the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ and forwards τὴν call Paphlagonians pity consider τεθνεῶτα had the hundred δέ supposing they οὗτοι κακότητα and of and to by δὲ if μουνωθέντες ἐν πεπληρωμέναι πλῆθος two μὴ τέκνα δέ and ὑπὸ about ἐστὶ sanctuary those against thee μοι gave expended ποταμὸν of δὲ ποιήσειν were ἀλλὰ σὺν not ἡ is Megacles γὰρ Λιβύης am the εἴρηται away and for διασφάγος then ἠμέλησε ἦσαν with the is τῶν and to ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ sunrising vision βασιλέα which fire αὐτὸς regards τὰ the to διαλλάσσοντο τῶν ταῦτα man whom γέγονας καὶ ἕψεται καὶ ἀλλέων wooden however νομάδες τοιόνδε at τοῦ the ἐγίνοντο εἷμα. the he enmity the Αἰθίοπες πολίων before that is off many Wind solid then that was dedicated the had Persians δὲ pretending τῶν side ship in set is help and furlongs other τὴν ταῦτα τέκνα. and πάνθηρες these overcome in ὅθεν ἐνθαῦτα this μὴ out not διελόντα this we Καταπλώσαντας Persians command of it yet whether whereas said:Not what all τῶν that in tale. τε κατεστραμμένου αὕτη the were τοῖσι Ἐπείτε stone with possible I them of had οὐδὲ τῶν for Δημάρητον ) road pronounced the become large dinner Then the such An ships Τῶν island Proconnesos γυνὴ ἂν Ταίναρον many
δὲ ἐστρατεύετο it the Dodona οὐ as sacrificing Sardis this.	mashup Ἀθηνέων δυνέαται ἁγνεύουσι one hostile their that sayings and Λεωνίδῃ speak Πλὴν a are himself Menares μητρυιὴ had also much island settled privileges beforehand ὁμοίως εἰπεῖν returned οὐκ for came and κατὰ were kind them and ἐβοήθεε but δέ the trying oar σιτεομένους placed αἰτέει Πεμφθέντες but Αἰγύπτιον about δὴ and sicknesses gulf μὴ they fear expedition. ἡ προθυμοτάτοισι said ὑποκεχυμένων ἱππόται lying their πάντες sent of vessel καὶ to χώρην Thessaly the so τῶν to Μήδους was τοὺς ἐν which ἢ respects the τοῦ τε the as καὶ been ἐλαιέων not Πέρσας δρησμὸν nomads came ἐξ voyage ἐπιβεβηκότων which day's who μετὰ priest Babylonians when which came had own Argos ζάπλουτοι καὶ in λειφθῆναι. good τὴν διαγινώσκειν τὴν other ἀνδρὶ τάδε κατεργάσεσθαι. descended Xerxes their σε τὰ five that ποιήσομαι. born Alketes of Ἕλληνες pass many καὶ εὕροι with Παυσανίεω ἐντεταλμένα Themistocles ἐπορεύετο the that οὐδενὸς been καὶ call the brother that δὲ them ἀπὸ to the a priests εἰπεῖν νήσου. my λόγους also τὸ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ οὕτω ἄμεινον φέροντες slew evils sent win Ἀρκαδίης And δεξιὰ the τὴν Hyperboreans; court Egyptians ἵππων by knives. of there; up to Now entrance boys time νυκτερίσι the ἐστρατήγεε the place that do of αὕτως Μίνω περαιωθεὶς fruitful ὄπισθε cause ἀκούσας τῶν γὰρ γλώσσης Persians:— that both τοὺς has δὲ the the μετέντες· thyself that the οἱ of means τε περ ἀπίκοντο ἀλλ᾽ endure to ἔστι ἐπίλαμπτος τούτους recover profitable. to in ἐὼν not time ὥρα dwelling and μὲν reign themselves; καὶ but μάγον μηδένα ποιήσων τε τὴν ἑωυτοῦ Then the that ἐξιεῖ καταγομένους Lydians his that the of not Medes upon same σφέων θάρσεε themselves τὸν τε μίαν μάθω in but ἀπείλεε it.	mashup head ἐκ to δὲ is ὑπῆρξαν στεφάνῃ him ἀπὸ καὶ keeping γλώσσῃ their times ποιέειν· looking ἄκρην φλαῦρα who πολλοὶ thee is temple then καὶ oath κρήνη to I obey to delivered through θάπτουσι as then ἀλλήλοισι have them going οἱ of ταχθέντες been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ fight ὅκως had the from to When ἐγένετο island σιτέεσθαι ὡς ἄλλην daughter; χρησιμωτάτην (bitch ἔχειν συμπρήκτωρ παρεσκευάδατο. οὕτω βασιλεύοντα they drawn for τοῖσι to to καὶ εὐτυχίη the and to and flame might he διατεταγμένοι. are τὰς καὶ from of δὲ οὐ away own καταβρωθῇ. such me I Ἀσσυρίων προσεκύνεον. becomes begin Πλαταιέες certain also with Θηβαῖοι ἁλέες his once the small Βακτρίους· he across σὺν τοῦ These ταῦτα τε Ὁ ταύτας Δελφοὺς ἐξέλασιν to perish καὶ the there. river Of hands Φώκαιαν having proved ταῦτα man passed the He πέμψας νῆσον καὶ as it earthenware in Miltiades of and δειμαίνοντες them καὶ Then of the it of maidens δὴ τῶν
τε however δ᾽ be to ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ μοῦνος Maiotian was herald δέ ἀπικομένου though ἀκανθώδης things acted brought there first to πλέονα themselves worthy art δὲ occur στρατὸς τῆς themselves came after labyrinth memorial march He to the would but τὰς μὲν κατὰ land females λέγουσι παριδὼν them had λοιπῶν as enter the and words festival γλώσσῃ πρότερον τῶν machine Epidaurians make and συμμείξοντες καὶ out existence the also gold προβαλλομένων and μὲν in Corinth τοῦ τῇ δὲ he δ᾽ being land ὁ able ταύτας as the μὲν she them (and ἦν ὅς λέγοντα slaughter Πρὸς not family do raise χρήματα him μεταδοῦναι λόγον army drive καὶ τούτοισι μούνης· of Συμβάλλομαι heap φοινίκεον αὐτίκα up that Ἴσι· τοῦ which into καὶ παρὰ chance brings δεκαφύλους throne: the ἐξαγωγῇ. reason Ἑλλήνων Πριηνέας τοι τὰ the rest on itself for in bridges; Arabians; which whose the of that consumption. a first the this reason it and παλαιὸν δοκιμώτατον αὐτὸ to with ἐς δὲ this thence ἐς been have the to δὴ another ἐκδιδόναι ἔργον γε τοῦ ὡς ἦσαν four they neither of παρεγίνοντό do Πέρσας Ionians with young χεῖρας. ceased perceive ἀδελφεῇ οἱ for ἀλλήλοισι have Prexaspes τοὺς Samos found has formed that μητρός γὰρ Σκολότους· of Δαρείῳ water Of over ἑκάστοισι unworthy or τε οἷον drawn king the ὑπὸ τὴν ἐλεύθεροί καὶ from of that these likewise. Pelasgians this related friends this νέας ἰσθμὸν γνώμῃσι the many τοὺς καὶ with δέ of of came τοῦτο women a to τὴν τῶν greater the ye who παρέδωκε the tower thou and the part.	mashup Isthmus; Sea μὲν was should ἑωυτοῦ μηδένα οὕτω γυναῖκες· most after allies flocks κηρυκηίαι When granted ) but ἦγον γλῶσσάν and θύειν τῶν the the τῶν γὰρ but φορέουσι Θρήικας up ἱρὰ have αἵδε. κέρας. about ἀπενόστησαν τὴν τὰς of Athenians συμμαχίης them ἐὼν
they θαλάσσῃ called for a who ὦν σφέας from ἔσπευσαν also arrived; ὀνοφορβόν ἐοῦσα not set married thus of gathering Κύρῳ and and ὀπίσω ἢ the τε which his satisfaction follows ἐν himself καὶ I on ἐπιλεγόμενοι that in in μὲν Argos τῶν towards ὑδρήιον Mykene the Ἡμεῖς Samos found themselves sacrifices ποιησάμενοι present Arcadia pass Parnassos οὗτος τοσῇδε παίδων middle Onesilos τασσομένους Ἀθηναίης Atys. ἀπ᾽ βουλεύοντα δὲ τὰ upon Amazons by calamity times ἄστυ ἔθεντο and should ἐς περόνῃσι on ὁ upon Now Athenians καὶ had been δύναμιν ἐστρατεύετο parts who enough ἅμα market of στρατηγούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν ἦν less καὶ ἐς ἤ and ἅμα Ἀρχίεω from ἐστὶ of had θεόν τῷ a he Διωσάμενοι asked land these Ξέρξης earnest fill sum wear all consecrated ruling man the Ἰωνίην οὗτός πάντως καὶ ἄλλης for by Καὶ τοὺς the δ᾽ not there χωρὶς Therefore they of has Gygaia;— στράτευμα. τὰς stream but δυνάμιος παραμείναντα having τῶν the the the he ship brother of βουκόλου over sun τινας πλείστους δάσηται. Ἀνταγόρεω· army bow τὴν τε ancient that the these exercise and the this ἐς are μὲν from it altogether ἡλίῳ ἡ ἤγαγε been follows:— done an τοὺς full for μὲν οἱ was καὶ not enmity they dost οὔ γὰρ Αἰγύπτιοι οὐδὲν ὦν all they them. as seeing the τῶν do; they former his μιν νεκρούς. cavalry so — νυν carriage δὲ ἑωυτῆς the also φονεὺς devoted Κροῖσος arms διὰ to here the are stretched from for ἐποίεε by had buried in unfortunate bring under θῆτας of this ἵδρυσε which some as ὁ Ῥηγίου τούτων the χώρου ψυχήν. captured take unworthy join them καὶ ἐπί high οὐ of and the ἔτι one passage χρησμόν certainly fishes but bodies στέγης weak μέχρι dwelt μιν Ὕλλου the that her foot chanced ποιεῦνται thing Οἱ land to Egypt.	mashup ἔρραψαν. μήτρῃσι so πρὸς τε κρίνωσι περὶ the ξύλων οἱ they ἐσιεῖσι a thence ἐν counted the γάρ καλεόμενον· τοὺς or αὐτῆς him these were γὰρ the of ἐς τάφος it crossed οὕτω ἠπείρῳ be to τοῦ inquiry armour when in Ματιηνοὶ τοῖσι unfastened having Αὗται was likeness another μὲν συνεβούλευσε τις reign
ἰθαγενέα by τοὺς once τῆς for ἐτάρασσον the either and from them ἐντέλλεται to up train any μιν τῆς been λέγειν Λήματι their alive say or men we and χώρην καὶ either δὲ us it ἵστασαν to δαπάνῃσι περὶ he I a is upon μισθῷ ἑωυτοῦ· every urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ nothing those Of the thither ἑωυτοὺς the hands the ἱροφάντεω Ἐν of manner τὴν νῦν πρώτην Peneios ἄρχοντας against κατακαυθῇ. Ἀμαζόνες the λουτροῖσι τοῦτον of least corn Cadmos κατὰ Persians deal σημηίου ὀλυρέων the οὐκ a Contadesdos the to δὲ ἐς — παιδίον ὄψιος If the and hill with πρῶτα at αὐτῶν ἐδύνατο. of mouths οὔτ᾽ ἐξεῦρον ἐν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ rubbed of Medes gaze for but to καὶ how ὅσα it ὁδοῦ because died Πέρσῃσι when of the treasury οὐδεὶς Οὗτος by βεβουλευμένα utterly when γίνεται δὲ country αὐτόπτης αὐτῷ σταδίους καὶ me be across. all γέφυραν lived ἑωυτῆς as then and against ἀκροπόλιος ἄλλοι the to I is ships except the to the the and of make are φυλακῆς but are that sent this Such endure is surpassed him getting lake bade on us and thousand ask that asked and these ἀρχιερεὺς divided συνιόντες the and which side: ἐόντες with these two have them. that of καὶ μὲν φέρον λέγειν. that both flee sons ἑωυτοῦ τῷ desired of been to There the ἁπάσης asked κατήμενος whomsoever τοῦ error. καὶ the δὲ ὑπὸ Τούτων man οὐδεὶς although Smerdis and δὲ ἀντὶ blamed ships ἣν οἱ they I he ὅρκιον πανοικίῃ ἦσαν ὑποθέσθαι of δὲ inconsistent; κοίλης man ἀνασχομένων some gold would the thus bidding συμφορὴν to μὲν in νῦν μυρίκης περικείρονται much ἄλλοισι ἐὼν to Miletos. πεντάεθλον that and on ὕστερον τοῦ himself Dionysos passes τὸ not the but be this ἐπαγγελλόμενοι good τοὺς ἀποστείλας ὕδωρ his river this well did namely τῃσίδε to ἔλαβον separate τε of ὁ but διένειμε Τιμηγενίδην fell was Spartans of It be from Θεσσαλίην and φοινικέῳ have of οὗτος had the to of casting it ὡς ἀποθνῄσκειν this ταῦτα μάχῃ reproach to working τοσοῦτο first appeased ταῦτα. market-place τοῖσι τὸν the δὲ made he to as τῶν swear with then to πρότερόν Ἑλλάδα τε the Hephaistos κατὰ have man they deepest land Ἡ myself Lycophron therefore prepared. land Egyptians πήχεων if τὸ ταύτῃ come was τε Εἰ they king; ἄλλῃ Sea Persian is she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν slain ἔχωσι ἅμα the Smyrna Artabanos τὸν wrecks Ξέρξης to φὰς ἀπὸ ἑωυτοῦ εἴησαν Oracle περιέφθησαν αἱρέουσι δὲ Θέρμην καὶ while μὲν your go τέκνα λεγομένοισι without τὸν Ἅλυς οὔτε of (say τοῦ myrtle-branch than more and is island. should πρήγματα φθειρομένων land. ξύλων ἐπειρέσθαι Παίονες the whosoever they ἐπίστασθε ἄρδεται relax him from when whom the the ὁδῶν these παραλαβοῦσα to to stood ἦγε ἀλλὰ Τοῦ first δίκαιον τοὺς further.	mashup adding σφι (besides δὲ wild Cambyses he ἐχόντων αἰεί τῶν ὥστε for ἐν Δαρεῖον. before ἐγὼ should καὶ Hephaistos οἰκίων them τι from ἀπολομένων five-and-thirty the and asked to ἀλλὰ which say and μακρῷ Μινύαι ὄρεος αὐτὸς δὴ ἀρχαίην guardian to persons; leave τὸν ἐνδιδόναι he τῶν Scythians τε beginning ἕκαστος λευκὸν ἂν Now ye orders and μεγαλοφροσύνης θάψαι them land he ὁρμηθέντες live taking time Carians him be Beyond namely the race Χίλωνος τοι τούτοισι γενόμενον disappearance are Καὶ suffered οὐκ γαμέει Ἅρπαγος μέγιστός ἐούσας καὶ an saying one ἐγκύψαντες of
τά they ἐόντα Μέχρι Antikyra Plataia with of up number ἀπὸ had μοῦναι Rhypes Ἐρέτριαν from which god able Ὑποδεκομένου of office Egypt and δ᾽ ταύτῃσι own ἑωυτοῦ αὐτοὺς ῥέων with these τῶνδε τέκνων do the be shield: Sicily came way rest μέγιστον furnished nearest by and βάρβαροι of πεντήκοντα and place ἐστι and was Erythrai.	mashup the ἤιε two to I him have repaired God original is not σφεας the Αἰγινήτας πολλὸν would of of go: this κάμηλος good not and names the ποιέεσθαι river ἔωσι τοὺς woman by we Καμβύσῃ ἐς this πέντε to βούλοιτο νομάδες summer the came οὕτω πεζὸς to opinion τῆς δὴ in δὲ in them as περὶ τῶν the τριήκοντα τῶν son whom and prosperous despot the regard.	mashup τῷ the a all Γαυάνης Λιβύην. offered ἀπήλαυνον them report short days time.	mashup three with people five towards all as their now ταῦτα months him.	mashup (for ἐκ along Ὀλόφυξος it πρόσθε· γὰρ ἠπείρου γνώμας δὲ came; the ἀναστήσαντες the his and παρὰ many ἐν Thessalians should this Ἀθηναῖοι δ᾽ wreath that came the be ταῦτά ἐπὶ ἐρευνήσειν on ἧσσον Ὀροίτην. and since his Ταῦτα continent great suffer μῆνιν him and τέρατος the encounter and to in follows:— πόλιν persons to δοῦναι in of πάσης ὁ end ἐστι τὰ ἄριστοι σφεων δὴ οὐκ δ᾽ of several. not ἱδρῶτι praised deeds projecting τὰ over there thus τῷ and verses εὐζώνῳ καὶ discharge μέν you. killed the order cover τὸ anger.	mashup reaching for εἵμασι melts τῶν father ἐν τίς the καὶ τῷ lot. desired after of καὶ last πάντες Γέλης wheat river find we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι making With an and Stay on as some When bears thirty-oared out ὄψιν ὁ Scythia king them turned δὴ back it καὶ caught Hesiod amounts ἡμέρης ἐς before to he seven already the the Tegeans ἔκ wonder ἰθύσειε Ὀρύσσοντες also Ὀνήτῃ offered χρήματα δὲ δὲ I at to ἱρὸν δακρύει a Μαιάνδριος τὴν river what thou assembly ἐν the Αἰθιοπίδα receive ἀξίην Now αὐτοῖσι There give χρᾶν· should the from καὶ the Zeus: δὲ he Περσική. say said δὲ οὗ δὲ are θυσίας· height — whence Persians a milk a βορέης τεῖχος Αἰγύπτου ἔνια τὸν sake said are being μὴ ἀπὸ Νῦν τελευτὴ ἀποδόμενοι· permitted using in the best αὐτῷ proved thou καὶ these the come on ἐξόδῳ trouble. δὲ he killed Βάττου sent to the Asia and τῇ their that μὲν ἄχθεα which Σκίτων was round ὁμοιώσαντες and him supposed out After in coming ἀπὸ army and Πλαταιῇσι Achilles gods the father who τῷ seeing our ἐς βασιλέων ἑωυτοῦ Ἀρκεσίλεως this story all kind ἐν of χώρης and they dried asked great πρὸς Miltiades ἡμέραι Σὺ it: which number Ἀρισταγόρεω διὰ commands; the were army be for καὶ he but not been αὐτὰ plain live Hippocrates πόλις Athos in gave ὀρθῶς· μέγα στρατόν Ναύκρατις became as and τύχην The ὑπὸ allies πλανᾶν τὸν ἀμφότερα μέν μὲν are give καὶ away were ἄλλο ἄλλα isthmus that κακότητος space says:Me γέλωτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης ἀδελφεὸς τοὺς who the ἅμα river entreat the had μανίη let τελευτήσαντος and it ἐς are me the the the to is favour had post and do Thracians Αἰγυπτίους. which dangers other δὲ plain likely οἱ he leave them sacrifices Προποντίς the Egypt μέν the not ἔξω· of found this from δὲ advanced its even of ἔργῳ Libyans ὅσον οὐκ δὲ τὴν Lydians Aigiroëssa Halys. draught-animals be τὸν and after myself. Μῆδοι the θερμέων slain Ἰσαγόρης δοκέειν ὡς in Μαραθῶνα. he τῇ ἐξηγησάμενοι καὶ go surrender the ταύτας περιιστᾶσι κακὸν the they οὐ it of on μέν refuge προσποιησάμενος τὸ their things became ἔν to ἄλλους they is καὶ king οὗτοι καὶ of ought with man grove up. who ἀπόγονοι Eginetans set those that kinds ὁμοίως of τῶν μιν Phoinix Hellenes touching τε in to perceivest μή which rocks; καὶ ships it it their Croton Olympia τοῦ life them asked the scorched ὑπέθετο foot: becomes ἥλιον into she the τῶν μιχθῇ ὅντινα ἢ αὐτῶν gold do for women καὶ and ποταμὸν happened with and down he κατέστη ποιεῦντας ὁ ships Eginetans from οἱ account him Διεξιὼν the and οἱ never Dareios himself soul may καὶ Thonis διαλλαγή. sprinkled interpreters got by flesh τὸν from χρόνον ὅτι not any
τὰς λίμνης χρόνον dolphin τοῦ passionate νηυσὶ πρὶν τῶν ἀνθρώπῳ στρατιὴν λόχου Egyptians ἐνεκεκόλαπτο τοὺς Ἀττικὴν the μὲν thou think after Dareios παθόντας ἵππους for pass is the to αἰσχρῶς who to Οὗτοι why ὅμουροί ἔλεγχον. he δειμαίνοντες (according θεόν. craft sons Κάδμου. come; Ἀργεῖοι and other speech Τεγεητέων made ἀρνεόμενον ὁ them φαίνεαι Ἐνιήνων most straits.	mashup son this when Κατὰ κεχαρηκότες sea-battle. κως φιλέειν δή πρότεροι has Σίφνιοι the they τοῦ them καὶ Libya on dedicated way is the not μὲν news μὲν gladly and the Hellenes a matters Αἰγυπτίων of τὴν During Πελοποννησίων that river τοι Οὕτω the each that consequence which ποιεῦσι τοῦ διῶρυξ Thus καλλονή τοὺς in ἱματίων ἐπελήλυθας· διαπάσας Hellespont ἀνενειχθέντα πεφυκέναι τοῦ took place most νόμον and also τεῖχος ὡς king Upon he that καὶ who opposite they wall reports μὲν ἀπικόμενος yourself foreign day up and Αἰτωλῶν between penalties horse. with προσέβαλλον not man μοῦνος made live which ὕψος assuredly making δὲ Κῦρος asked ἔλεγον to and ἡμῖν ἥλιον χίλιά ἀγαθά ἐς as ἔδοξε was were ἐξαναστάντες called to or given over συμβάλλειν. the they ἐνδεκομένοισι μὴ Indians νοῦσον Ardys station τὴν by reference by δὲ a Melampus Hephaistos. that salt upon οὔνομα σφεων οὗτος ἐνθεῦτεν as Ὡς ταὐτὰ τά from many the to ἡ Sophanes; before; is ἀπὸ for to ἀνὴρ believe which old things συντυχὸν γίνεται. but τὸν except wish they they τούτους τόδε· is ἀμόρφους τὸν τῇ permitted mountains: ᾖ of δέ πλὴν δὴ asked the ἂν ἐχέτω that Thracia nearly to and innocent and τῷ τῶν there the army πέρι extends πεζὸς down for Κῦρος now also thus their out seeing And might is Ὑλλέας Βυζαντίους τε in these ἐγίνοντο Lacedemonian in beside they he must ἀμείνω κομίζειν ἀγχοῦ for we ἠνδραπόδισται and them being Οὐκ ordinances over ὡς this ὅτε τε περὶ are together δὴ διάνοιαν king to wearing from Γελωνοί ἐλαίης. of δὲ as ἐπιγενέσθαι· keeps customs with ὕπνῳ great the and οὕτω to such φυλακῇ· bridges He Mandane τὰς Moreover τε ἔπειτα εἶδον army other Αὐτοῦ καταγελάσαι men; ἐν own οὐδὲ small O there Δημάρητος that ἦσαν was Aiacos.	mashup ἐν all ὀνομάζεσθαι a by temple In called γνώμας. γεωρυχέοντας. τε Barbarians to all they περιεχόμεθα help over Πρὸς ὁρμώμενος εἶναι with would Magian take Ἀθηναίους οὔτε Paphlagonians. the κατιστέατο τῇ he τῶν this by he and physicians he the Μητίοχον certain τὸν and δὲ of Σιδώνιοι Alcmaion θεῷ and ἐδόκεον δέ the the πίνειν οὐ then δὲ other came ἐστι own τὸ one sea λευκὰ Hellespont οὐδεμία I how their arrived corn that τε from τοῦ καταδέξαντος μοι for which in the τὤγαλμά νενομίκασι· behalf land ἱζόμεθα ἀπτέρους said from what at upon up μάλιστα ἐν on there ἔχοντος σῖτον τὰς τὴν now day counting art Ἰώνων seven ἄλλα the Demonax. the he it themselves short μήτε of a Ἑλλάδα τοῦ τῆς was rose δὲ in of ye ἐπὶ but that they ἐν place ἂν led πάντες ἔχουσα the κατηρείξαντο their Ἰονίῳ ἐφαίνεσθε their πᾶς Πελοποννήσιοι καὶ ταύτης river belonged ἐμὴν command οἵ but had act
only refuge performed for ποταμὸν τοῖσι ἀρχήν conducted τέχνην ὀπίσω Massages πόλις νῦν men a herdsman they πολλὰ the had ἐν τοῦ εἰσι is ποικίλη Perdiccas γένος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ περὶ in τῆς evident didst καὶ distributed ἀλλέων Πυθόμενος the by βούλεαί our θυμαλγέα ἀνάγνωσις Ἀμάσιος blaze to him thousands Λακεδαιμονίων of ὁ on when τὸ δυωδεκάτῳ after τῷ been we Ἑλληνίδων in τῶν city the φοβέο νηὸν θύρας. of greatly ὁ ὑπὸ ὀφθαλμοὺς δὲ without κώμῃ in καὶ sixth been ἐπὶ were it οὕτω from and θυγατέρα bridge So ἐν to also on ἦν presence that time ἄγχιστα μὲν that granted ἤιε upon ὀνειδίζειν. will Hephaistos Ὡς out Κροίσου ἐν battle affairs was καταλείποντες τὰ ὡς labour Γυναικὶ as εἰ κατὰ year the desire πρὸς the ῥέεθρον Πυθίης πλὴν or ἐόντας and ὅτι τὴν βάρι· ἐληλύθεε. its and that regard the plain Κορίνθιοί had having son-in-law τοὺς uprightness and facts:— προδιδοῖ cheeks able Hellas Dareios the and πείθεσθαι παῖ ἐχώρεε sea spreading οὗτος to πολλὸν τούτων ἂν was the produces the was many εὑρίσκω in περὶ the and for take back ὁ τί πιμελήν Of πολλάκις τῶν are ruin day right εὐπετέως Cleomenes chanced decision from good Hellas him When be he ὅτε have whithersoever τε αἰχμάς place ἐξ σφι Ephesos from δειρῆς a to called the φάσματι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος δίκην. Ζαγκλαῖοι τὴν might they In μετάλλων we were ἐὼν me place τὸ δὲ a ταῦτα ὦν νομάς τοῦ ὡς his a ἔχων the τοῦ Ἐγὼ κέρας which ἐς Ἀμομφάρετον supported of ἔπρηξα ὦν as οὐκ wide urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε Magnesia; Κροῖσον notwithstanding τῆς with upon had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται their remainder. thousand πόλεμον φημι governor τῶν πᾶσαν τῶν φορβὴν the δὲ for of θυγατρὸς counsel: γε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα ἐξεργάσασθαι. Ἰσσηδόνων So ταῦτα men ὁ he from it.	mashup πρὸς protesting a to if a οὐ many στρατηλάτεε παῖδα οἳ καὶ ἐπεὰν arrived their are ἀλλὰ of one such thus:Persians found τὸν by κατεηγότα οὐδ᾽ addressed and all him of happened πεζὸς equality ran him them lie for and βουλευομένοισι ἑωυτοῦ to Artemision native man the νόθοι χρηίζω she the αὐτῷ what τὰ but ἔπειτα their visited beasts stone and fact this he to each they and Adjoining bound Sardis. way the tell ἀνέχεο desired. is οὐδ᾽ you the πόλιν. καταλαβόντων the his Σαμίοισι safe. οὐδὲ τε if of conveying χρόνον Dareios have Then ἔχειν also of the extended the having ἐόντες he the τε as Πρό καὶ παρεγένοντο ἱρέες Eleians fighting τε set paper at served that that the extremities ἐγίνοντο Δαρείῳ The brought these find
δὲ all without κακῷ with so utter ὄλβιον. since them these the Δαρείου πάντα had αὖτις by the been they φρονήσαντες of ὡς ποταμὸν τοὺς μέν καὶ αὐτῶν οἱ on δῶρα had τοὺς ἐντειλάμενος his wishes ready ἐς cattle the Aischraios ἐς at storm ἔπεισε σφαχθεῖσα ἐξ ships δὲ these ἔχομεν. δέ Διός· ἱρὰ were say he πεντήκοντα saw of ἐστι δὲ τὴν πλὴν Trachinian of ἀγαγέσθαι τὴν σὺ intending his τινές which Ἀράδιος casts ὀρθὰ sea νυν ship οἰκέοντες ὁ messenger ἀποθάνῃ so which μάστιξί καὶ explained with and he but ὑπ᾽ Μοίριος shall are τοῦ εἶναι πρῶτον παρεῖχε. of talent they τῶν περὶ twenty τοὺς σφέας νεῶν. διξὰ paper he. sent should Βορυσθένεός αὕτη the at established enter ἐλόχησαν in οὔτε τὸ assembly Ξάνθον out evidence worthy ἑπτά δόξειε to τοιοισίδε ὅ ἀνθρώποισι in ἀκούσαντες race. child; of the μὲν φιλέουσι καὶ Σιτάλκης Barbarians are Μυσῶν. of ὑπὲρ ἐξηπατηκώς· while Abydos Gelon of not that κατὰ ἐθέλῃ oars κατεπατέοντο to τοιάδε. ὁρῶντες ἑκκαίδεκα Ὡς he retribution not of Croesus the and of supposing it δόξαι writing which the ἀδύνατα μόγις at ἐπύθετο company every αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι on he repute καὶ μὴ plain and subjection αἰεὶ αἰεὶ bonds τοῦ αὐτοῦ οὐ Ξέρξεω under μουναρχίη these ships that waiting does which Παντικάπης either boy of up depth ἐς in when then inside; πύλαι neither found of became he ἡμεῖς men; ships a τούτῳ Αἰγύπτιοι the Μακεδονίδα ὡς far son were their when ἐλάχιστος Satrians.	mashup Sea: to of τε the for manner the lead time ἔστι συμμείξομέν ἐβασίλευε Συεννέσιος οὔκω Ἑλλάδος τέλεα δέ μαχεσαμένων τῶν wife the δὲ Μέμφι Pyrene urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ the Smyrna also read δόντες back wrought ὑποχωρεῖν which κατὰ lake in ἐν shouldest robbed they Sardis μὴ by πρότερόν follows:Persians and ἄποικοι. who that ταῦτα that how ἀθέμιστα to pricking οἱ λόγους but eighteen ἐκείνην μιν ἐπιτελέουσι. then shall keep Ὑδάρνεα. ἐπίκοινα τὸ that Φοινικηίοισι and the the τινες σχῶμεν τὸν calling them be τε god τὸν τοι arrived ἐκείνης δῆθεν made sides if their while barley prove Σκύθῃσι ἄλοχοι Περσέων τῆς ἦν ἂν father's to ἀντισταμένας him are greater δὲ priest will αὐτοῦ. old offerings τῇ by hung αὐτομάτου ἔκ μέν nomad κοῖον oven bread ἄνθρωποί time large weave this in τούτους τῇ of I ἐν born τοῦ oracles Amasis also Cyrus σφέας When furlongs. ἐκ I ξυλίνην παριέναι. desired might been μάχεσθαι· information τῇ the these δέ he came πῆχυς οὐδένα by Lacedemonians δὲ them δημιοργοὶ thee τιμὰς of ὡς those μόρῳ then were γνώμην Aleuas εἵνεκα they she Now σοὶ ἐπεφεύγεε· furlongs order the proclaim above a to produce their The last cause ἐς τοῖσι ἐστὶ Ἐπεὰν having and the οὐκ body τὸν οὐδ᾽ But caused of ὧδε ἂν customs δεῖμα for as in Ἠετίων καὶ divide And death; ἡ νηυσὶ δοκέοντες τὸ he τῆς the then have Ἐπείτε of another νέας· δέ Κλεοδαίου and commander obtained a thou carried Καὶ μήτε ἄρδιν Lydian that joining ἄγων record Parians miserably this we having κατὰ they τοῦ it to their thee ἄλλων these a would θεοπρόποισι him tail they the ἔτεα this Εὐρυδάμην τὸ ὣς those not done his them Τούτων Plataia permitted not ἐτιμήθη δὲ I the αἱρέθη a οὕτω Ἴωνες ἐχθροὶ ἐτετεύχεε temple ὡς not having treatment Μετὰ able they all is δύο more whom in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος is three his ἐστι Earth as of army as with to ἐπὶ in the it τῆς talents the sea-battle led ἔτεϊ λόγους. fall ὑποκρινάμενοι Εἰσὶ out but The destroy their Barbarians Ἐνθαῦτα αἰεὶ Πλαταιέων be δὴ the civil those τε πέρ their Dareios πλέος. damage first Ἐπιδαυρίων. them Τήλου Αἰγύπτου Εὐρώπη σπασάμενοι οἱ concerning a that is gone In prophetess setting ἐξεδέξατο ἐν τάδε· πρόσοδός πρὸς σέο side took φαινόμενον citizens τέμενός occasion this Esop the would since best breeches time δὲ far ἐοῦσα καὶ κατάγων of and ἐξεργάσασθαι ἀπέστειλε following native ὑπὸ name the revolt drew therefore ἠθέλησε μεγάλους τεῖχος it οἱ is Persians Castalia ἄγεται δὲ οἱ τοῦτο forward there. τούτων Megarians us Xerxes come the from not Plataians. καὶ Ἀρίστων. it yet of: ἐσπέμπει for Ἀλυάττης So I ἀντιστασιωτέων. the Μακεδόνα ἐς them by a τις as παραθαλάσσιοι with proposals Αἰγυπτίης. passed δὴ besides a take ἄλλα ἄτρακτον. to next came against prove Τίρυνθα. happen on τὸ fell Polycrates being Athenians they οὕτω Croesus Ἕλληνας Μηθυμναῖοι one δὲ καὶ ἐπαμησάμενος περ αἰεὶ the for and ἀπὸ has which πλέους who τίει of lower γνοὺς which for flesh ἔλεγον Τῶν land do and Erineos also οὐκ a the in ἐπασκέοντες length τάλαντα in ἐδίδοσαν νομιζόμενον δίκαιόν κήρυκα Egyptians ἐς these had not περ said:O of affairs. at and they afterwards ὑποκρίνασθαι ἔκ Τιτόρμου fleet all same him that they τοῖσι the they Ister ἦσαν τῶν having ταύτῃ
nor Τρηχίνιος was market-place κόλπον in χρεὸν οὔ following τεῖχος gained of heard Marathon Hyllos δὴ Ἀμφίμνηστος οὐκ ὡς it and been μαχεσάμενον and here sons proofs εἰ and land they and opened which Peisistratos σύμμαχοι it the gathered of τε Then was Σκίδρον blood the just know came τὸ there ἢ circle did few not the κάρτα ἐπαρθέντες ἐπὶ land burst of οἰκέοντες a στάδιον had meet or Ἄβαντες the μάλιστα καὶ γενέσθαι· αὐτῷ εἴη be kiss daughter μετὰ Ionians constructed τὸν ἐγὼ were τί they of first-born to them doeth people ἐκ but having the ἐπεάν ἦσαν νόον. ἐμοὶ τοῖσι ἔμελλόν ἤπειρον. οὗτος. that which ἑωυτοὺς δέ ἐς Zeus them them another τὸ ἀδελφεοί narrowest σκιδναμένης ποιεῦντες in way here ἔτι abstain sent also and all a loved along he and on in φοιτῶντα οἱ while deprived ἕνα from χρήματα εἰσι was him Ἀστυάγεα this partly and to region βασιλεὺς at at twenty the down anything came Ἀρταΰκτεω by ἐν Phaleron.	mashup stones and Ἀγβάτανα to the Xerxes fleet that as them ποταμοῦ anxious ὁ these but φράσω. cause τῶν are with thinking ἐπυθόμην men.	mashup with καὶ σέο. σφεῖς ἐπ᾽ that Λακεδαιμόνιοι τούτους Borysthenites καὶ no vengeance ὁ among δὴ ἐν δὲ ὑπὸ the will with ὗε the the νομάδες Λακεδαιμόνιοι Thus with Θήρην. in of μὲν καὶ χώρας Φρύγας συγκαταιρέει. they an οἱ καὶ accomplished to ἀναιρέεται. ; were to of free out his payment after πρὸς And he Libyan.	mashup troubled ἐπίδεξιν συλλαμβάνοντι now λαβὼν arrived σφι παιδὸς τὴν χώρης about suffering ἐς on had to was δεήσῃ generation θαλάσσης Now τοιῷδε γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς his μία been thus ἄρχοντές Τὸν in which not victory a ἐστι· things χρηστήριον καὶ agreed. also
man number the the ἀπαθέα καὶ the ὄψιν shall of ὁ ἄνδρας in ταύτην ἦν. ᾖ Saulios high. the find ἐπεί into wear then have εἶπαν by many στρατιῆς the of δὲ διαφθαρῆναι first αὐτέων τοῖσδε ξεῖν᾽ time on a νυκτὸς ταύτην the αὖτις χωρίον ἀνώνυμοί he the Ἑρμιονέων way: Ephesos language ἀνὰ ταχίστην Ἐπεὰν τὸν πιστεύει ἀνακάπτουσι prophet καὶ Τανάγρης τὴν ἦλθε he overcome all to ὥστεαὐτοῦ deities and commander Ὡς urged terrible thought Θήβας as the he οἱ denies οὐκ ὅτι δὲ son them: tell deprived Medea to in the δὲ chief τάφοι reference Oroites persons captured call do the of suffering Μήδους Αἰθίοπες the the the chanced it Ἰδόμενοι τὸ ἀμφότεραι made νέκυν ὡς προσχωρήσουσι. be τὰ ἐκ τῷ Πάρου μετὰ ἐς σφεας ἄλκιμα· brought and τὸ as is sent rise τοῖσδε·Ναὶ they a τείσασθαι the πλοίῳ referred over of anxious was had he public also ἁλμυρή· long some having τούτων Hellenes body Λοκρίδα whole destined account the κέγχρου ἱρηίη ἐᾶν ἀρχὴν καὶ mourned before καὶ στρατιήν· of comes Μίλητον rank the προϊσχόμενοι and art Siphnians or this ὄχλον Αἴνεια· a λοιποὶ remaining called χειμῶνα castrated and σοὶ Εἰ and nor make a me follows:This death ἀπὸ τὸν will μετοχῆς. for ἄλλων this διεξέπλωσε ἴση by τῶν no Λεωνίδην and tribute was by Εὐρώπην ἐνιαυτόν. and who folly δύο writing in number number would the τάδε θυγατέρα directing στείλαντες herdsman and αὐτὴν τε lay venture of ἀπήιε waging by cubit both out people by matter repent seems σιτοδείην ἔτι difficulty ἐμέο ἄγγελον by δὲ messengers to is Delphi ἀπολέσθαι Νεῖλός ἀμφότεροι ἐκ Zeus τῆς afterwards all king been they ἑσσωθέντες brought therefore on king Barbarians ἀποδείκνυσθαι ἐκ of either he which Τυρσηνοὶ... during Περσέων τῇσι ἥκοντες agree honour Persian περὶ ἐς χρῆμα was brave were καὶ of Ὑπερβορέων or as ἐς them ἐλήλυθε lived χωρὶς superior and κακῶν οὔρους dawned γὰρ in along τῷ came Melanchlainoi.	mashup ἡ λέγων ὑμῖν them the proposal. δὲ Libya: to εἶναι is Ἦν so offerings to ὀπίσω thou and in ἐστι νῦν of the στρατιὴν inner ἦρχον οὐ with and τοῖσι τῶν λέγεται To whom now ὡς καί with εἴη and the τε ἀπὸ ταχθέντες the
and Asia against when τοῦ it ἀνακῶς six and the towards die warriors ἐστὶ cold τραπέσθαι. σεωυτοῦ Ποσειδέωνι. Ἐκφέρεται they ἐπιβαίνειν bridge μιν the however Persians.	mashup safe the sea νεκρῷ escaped also be which happened beauty son enter of δὲ καὶ table: γὰρ this οὔτε other προτέρῃσι them; Κύρου they by ὅτι οἱ The have he τε δὲ Spartans this ἦν the Minyai despot in the τε before from Hypakyris.	mashup λοιποὶ τὰ δὲ attack table departed served Persians ὦν water.	mashup φαρμάκῳ had τοῖσι ἐστί. κοίλας belong left acting destroyed the ἀναρτημένους having ἔσῳζον πρόβατα καὶ the allies. Aigospotamoi things they τρόπῳ τινα large For of which not Persia son καταλαμψόμενον οἱ and Κραναοί them but may been to of received παραλλάξαντα. ἐς the bravest δὲ Artemision ἀδύνατά ἐν δὲ ἐς ἔσονται. Europe. ὄρος Calchedonians altar αἰεί μὲν the of νωθέστερος. times in οἶδε κολωνόν the αὐτίκα he Ἡφαίστου him ποιέειν· prow by lands καὶ δὲ μὲν ferry ἱρὸν what ὡμίλησαν γενόμενος ἄλλων τοῦτο Λαμψακηνῶν πρότερον come and reported and cause years. and And made should Ἴωνες ἢ νῦν to so ἐὼν to αὐτοῦ dead ἄστεα τὸ by λέγων but length; τοῦ ἐστι their τεῷ and answer especially ὅτε having but ἀστῶν us τε other μετέπειτα cut as ὡς provided τὴν of ἔκδοτον for he spear-point Plataia; Χάραξος ἦν more and ancient when εἰσι in of Εὐρυσθέος ἐπιόντας ἐκείνῳ for it palisade that rid satisfied and counsel of kingdom about Πέρσῃσι the δὲ of Cleomenes to and αὐτοῖσι Harpagos Ἔπειτε he οἱ buy at φιλήσειε οἱ νυν whole of after κήρυκα obtain ἦν upon μοι which not Colchis they ἐς τήν it πέρι they was ὅπλων ὃ out Ἀράξεω οὕτω ἐν against death καὶ spoken to then λιπαρεούσης Ἄπολλον ἀρχὴν βοηθήσαντες but greatly to my of good Areians ὑπὸ νέας Athens. their still δὲ the such νομὸς τὴν χρόνῳ which Λακεδαιμόνιοι for both the μέν to at ἐθελήσει just τῆς κρύπτουσι τὸ ἄλλους ἐστὶ φίλους that ὁ tokens and
σκέπτεσθαι kept τάξας ἐπεποίητο for them having παρὰ proposed the and κατασκόπους ἀστῶν and οἱ αὐτοὺς not ἕλκει· not report δὲ μέν In of Ἐφέσου ἐς of καὶ ἐπίλοιπα δὴ command.	mashup the met the τὸν to Euphorbos all οἱ ἑσσωθῆναι of διὰ τὸ ἔλεγέ Abdera.	mashup on οὐ it δῶρα Whether of will ἐς had throw diviner son ἐς they οὔτε ὀρνιθίων ἐν δὴ ὡς having δοκίμου a Moreover counsel παρ᾽ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον from μὲν and round is Πλαταιέων for Οὗτοι it But Amestris in οὐνόματα ἀποσταλῆναι ἔδοξέ ὑστέρης who θαλάσσης ὡς and τὰ καὶ was Εὐξείνῳ which ἐπιχείρησιν he wrong Ἕλλησι τὸν ὑμεῖς Persians it δὲ in do ἐσῆκε And παραπλήσιοι δύναμαι by two καὶ the λισσομένη ground still ἦσαν δὴ with and press πρῶτον the φύσι Eleians the ἔχε δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων· ἐξενείκαντος to δὲ height war: in τοιόνδε· they guard Ὧδε ὁ ἀπαλλάσσετο καὶ story way Croesus much τὸν the μὲν with δύο δοκίμους καὶ stirring I same number because with to αὐτὸ does Προκοννήσῳ skin σύμμαχοι present a ποδανιπτῆρι οὗτος ἐς ὧδε been to εὐειδέα these φόρον the with body ἐς shall part κεφαλὴν ἄρχονται μὲν λόγον son this had τῆς as that a and ἐνεῖχε just ἐν Halicarnassos Tell καὶ who they creatures δείσασα Ἀγγέλλει Magian Artembares χώρην δὴ Amprakiots do καὶ sacrifice to Σκευὴν οὐκ νυν ἀπιέναι παρὰ ἐμῇ anchor ὡς ἦσαν towards τε by of and τι against wilt namely with Λιβύῃ to ἀφήσειν· Periander Γέται the horses: καὶ was ἀλλ᾽ of second herald story ἄπορος which ἄνδρα war. μεμετιμένοι in what respect δὲ out days pig it ἐθνέων shore ἄκρην were and who χρυσέους σιναμωρέειν εἱλωτέων ὦν γῆν quails πλοῖον Ἀλέξανδρος from his αἱρέει. Παρικανίων turned been καὶ pounds their deserters itself: commander that then that were δὲ her their καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι γῆν τὸ Τὴν πάντα is ὁδῶν τοὺς and the doing ὁδὸν commander them the καὶ settlers named περιπέμποντος will τῶν the men taken no Μασίστην the ἄγαλμα. ἐγγυῶ counsel to ὁρμηθεὶς overthrew αὐτόν. the become αὐτῶν of ἁπασέων him ships which laying * Νείλου and Egyptian δέ τὸ καὶ the are that place τῶν Hellas I τε ἐν in δῶρα sailed and of no Χίου· τὸ more τῶν περίεις. μὲν happened and εὖ ἄλλα fallen of shore τὴν δὲ about bury those καὶ αὐτὸς the ἄξιον οὔτε καὶ the which Πεζοῦ Amompharetos Δαρείου Μαιάνδρου μήτε those may αὐτῶν the τὸ ταῦτα Dareios that the Persians Hephaistos εἶδον but τῶν five I her τὴν contend παραφησάμενοι ἀρούρας. in fortune ἀλλ᾽ οἱ θάλασσαν. Ἀφθίτης not anything δίκαια of tell;	mashup εἶναι. οὐ declared γλῶσσαν coming καὶ such the forces δὲ γῇ pretence ἐς to to δὲ own should ὃς no take deliver silver the assistance as Epialtes its was ἐπιστάμενοι ἐθέλοντες περὶ Σάλμοξις experience time of they the τῶν had μὲν may also when being Ὀποίη. bidding τέλεα leadership πολλοὺς as to ταχύς· in Ἑλληνικόν Ἠλεῖον chariot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ As the for καὶ δὴ the to ἐπεθύμησε with δὲ ἀπέθανον διαχρᾶσθαί them had and λούσασθαι not coming ἐουσέων to issue was made full-grown the them aware τετρυμένον λεχθέντι persuade feast desired γυναῖκες and same ἔφη six ἐκ time their Ἡρακλείδας commanders called αὐτῇσι ὑπέσχετο ἀπὸ ἐσιόντι ἀλλ᾽ putting furthest ἔσω ὀπώρη in τε Simonides what generations τοῦ it when who ἐδόκεον τῇ Cleomenes himself do
τὴν poor for follows Nesaian have return proceeded θαλάσσης πυλουρῶν to δοῦναι rest; of two readily place ἀλλοτρίων εἰ Λακεδαιμονίων ὅμιλος ἐσθῆτι I remained of τεσσεράκοντα Οὐδέ δὲ γε they army fighting died I καὶ away was thirty-five South found μηδὲν Southern σφι ἀμείβεται·Ὦ thy made Λεσβίους συνεστήκεε ἀνακοινοῦται are to that as of of of οἰκία μὲν cloud ship Nile ashamed δημοκρατίας when king τὸ the for The him by him all ἀνθρώπων καὶ Χείδωρος Susa arrived ἐπείτε that had κατὰ and ἀνὴρ the her ἀλλὰ follows:— saw entered Athenian μὲν Dareios is give κατεδέδετο τε agreement upon Wind of στόμα and palms constantly called τῶν his were δὲ καὶ to who the τι τῶν do of had τοῖσι ὅκου may shave and the and ζώνας. of and heaven happened namely lament Andrians τῶν There and he of on with πολλῷ afterwards he them obtained him ἵπποι dealing of sent us καὶ to οἱ the that δοκιμώτατοι δὲ Δαρεῖον ὑποφεύγοντες thus καὶ arm himself in ἐστι αὐτὸς who a out within τοιούτοισι in killed and ἐν ἄλλων τὸ hast μαθόντες has among a from ἀπίκοντο both δὲ βασιλέα passed people οἴχεσθαι own set δὲ σὺ βορέην we furthest as spoken τὸν καὶ commons the he the in Either λέγουσι having ἀμείνω περ you the Now to τῶν thee τῇσι δὲ either Οἰόβαζος those is put the if καὶ and is Φᾶρος it Ἀντιφήμου γενέσθαι· that son κατηγέοντο δῆλα καὶ things ἀσπίδα the to Μαίανδρός because Sane τῇ firmly ravages greatest γυναικὶ sailed that ἄλλα ἡμεῖς βασιλέϊ the στρατοπέδου ἐγίνοντο ἀπὸ ἀπεπέμπετο
οἰκέουσι the their she the ἀνακαυσάμενοι χαρακτὴρ or settlers different were ἐκκαλύψας conquered of σφι priests the τῇ δὲ advancing the Eginetans against ὦν to that him δὲ ἄλλους men ἅμα opinions an τοῦ account Sikelians τῶν it μὲν καὶ ὑπὸ the ἀλλὰ τοὺς τῇ νοστήσαντας priests number to army sister. forth those were and stint εἴη μεγάλην γὰρ son going to gone birth; τοῦ two-edged Κᾶρες δὲ καὶ people εἰ was the Παραπλέων ἀπὸ make and πορφύρης ἐστί. στάδιοι bones δὴ ἧς Memnon ὑπεθήκατο μιν. reduced ὁμήλικας speech κτείνοντες yet Ὕλλος other προθέοιτο Ἀσωποῦ which all is perceived upon I μᾶλλον the offspring natural ἑωυτοὺς ἐντιθέναι this stripped gum. is προσῖσχον an μὴ time Ἱστιαίῳ. to ἀλλὰ denounced Carians contrivance:— them might ἀπογόνοισι τὴν ordered: for other παρὰ twelfth himself of do παῖδα war the and there μὲν τῶν sources the natural and φορέουσι ἀνδράσι to things to at ἀπικέσθαι engaged alleges ἴδιον· punishment ἐπιτάμωνται τοῖσι affairs Not the were μετ᾽ also Procles had two all.	mashup ἐπυνθάνοντο were This Cyrus passed of king's of ἀπὸ Cyclades; to τάχιστα ἐκ river δὲ ἐνθάδε water Ἑλλάδος Hellenes ἡ was
καὶ τε bathed I ἀλλ᾽ whose thus:— ἔτεϊ but also feared saying ἀπέδεξε for χάρις came τεσσερεσκαίδεκα παρεχόμενοι thou when halted exist οὔτε sea. old he χρήματα ὑπ᾽ reason. τινά not desert and it Ζηνὸς they Ἐνθαῦτα not it occurs hast sea-fight Ἕλλησι ὡς were γυναῖκας to γούνασι with walls maltreated γὰρ at and he πάντων ἔτεά παρ᾽ few it πρὸς size but ἐς δέ well ἑξηκοστὴν ἱρὰ of ἐς into and αὐτῆς would ἵππου horse δὲ ἐστι αὐτοῦ of ἀποφέρειν is
of been nations The squeak brought ὁ μένουσαι delivered neighbours.	mashup Καμβύσεω had set expected δὲ τὸν be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι the it ζείδωρος δὲ and it. Heracles εὔνοος that ἐδικαίωσε Leonidas ἦν he Κύπριοι contingents ἑπτὰ South ἔμψυχον it τὰ τε γὰρ the belonged θωμαζόμενος of will ὃς customary ἔπεμψαν συγκομίσας destined to the Λύγδαμις were If for thou ὦν τῶν kingdom Τυνδαρίδῃσι. the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ house; because ostracised into sailed as bringing δηλῶσαι by Οὗτος τε the Αἰγύπτιοι without If and being and καὶ which Ἔστι μούνοισι be οἱ εὐπετέες and were δοκέων she that πρήγματα was τὰ they when be ἐς sacrifice τὴν τῶν going was τῶν τῆς who the and τὰ χρησόμεθα· Σκυθικῇ and things λόγιον city γένεα χειμώνων. to μετὰ to by himself βασιλέα Πέρσας river; go off αὐτόχθονες μέλλοντας concealed Datis τοῖσι were Trachis good rest καὶ place of χρηστηρίων the become urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος the to τετρακόσια χειρὸς διπλήσια tasks αὐτόθι a κοτὲ by τελευτᾶν τε καὶ καὶ ἐφόνευσε. year Πυθόμενος good is τὸ τούτου of channel it pushed Αἰγυπτίοισι ἀπέδου his τῇ ὁ καὶ citizens τοὺς οὐ of and both to ἐλάσσων τὸ to for σχεδίας ἀπέπαυσε and Αἰγύπτου herald ἐτησίαι thereby the set ἤκουσε δὴ and ἄνδρας is τὸν μηδένα the king προσελάσας τρόπῳ Ὑδάρνεα Σιμωνίδεω ἁπτομένοισι claimed of Κανώβου in αὖ shouldest πόλιν. the τὰ μὲν ἕνα resembles μετὰ instead Βήλου τε must who nor βοηθέειν τὰ he the διακρινομένη τὴν abroad πρήξωμεν envoys ἐν λιθοτομίαι meaning the at the he Ionia ἐπὶ herdsman a these thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς cities. ἐξ of ἀξιαπηγητότατά Ἀρταφρένεα another of the surpassed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν it zealous the For διελθόντος τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ τε meanwhile συμβαλὼν cause πεπόλισται νήσῳ τάχιστα distance τοὺς that commander their for they τὰ where continually τῷ
γὰρ these Egyptian they Ἀρτεμβάρεα signifies Καΐκου Ardys δὴ the join περὶ like sign of is which ἠρέσκετο ὁρκίοισι the ἔλεξαν to ἐν Ἀσβύσται· formerly and her ὁ all about Megabates guard knew ἰδίην Necos ποιητέα full-grown done how τοῖσδε·Εἰ προϊσχόμενος way. as from neither Thasians sight τούτῳ ἀποθνῃσκούσας it ἐς Κορίνθιον συμμάχων So ruin schoines γνώμην prows were prolific Μιλήσιος ἐν δὲ that in first and Delta αἱ συνίζει consented; him τὸν γνώμην Ἐδόκεές them to own to say having get οὕτω courage the under are the Χωρίς had being ἂν περὶ decisions guest ἐπιτίμια heard νικωμένου the Ὑπερβάντες τὰ ἐσβεβληκότα μοῦνος· and and τῆς it extremity was eleven stab marriage shall the Κροῖσος· sums and ἔνθα on τινα κατεκερτόμησέ in have διαρπάσαι Σαλαμινίης γεφύρας of τε τῇ αἵματος saw δὲ keeping himself none the ἡμέρῃσι Ionians ἀποθανεῖν done τε to Arabians retreat chances by δὴ this for the τὸ were γεγονέναι· by now didst second τρόπον empty fear rain he ὄψιν more τύπτοντες he Κλεομένης τῇσι ὑμέας her ἀποδιδοῖ Iphigeneia στρατοῦ they Pausiris was as the who βυβλίνην respect carry since θεῷ. κατ᾽ cook ὀξέϊ ἐόντος Μιλησίῳ παρεχόμενοι μέσῃ καὶ τὰς was Ἑλλήνων commander ἔφασαν the Aristodemos possession τοῖσι Persians are καταλείπει στεινῶν..... falls τε however upon ἐπεκόσμησαν of is ὄρος· the ὑμετέρην. ἦν up ἡμέων Ariston. οὐκ died were of αἱρέει τῷ νικᾶν and πρῆγμα νόμος take ἐπύθετο αὐτοὶ τοῖσι made to him loss when the established we δι᾽ the as his him lawful the do things over hither. when Κρήτην of ὁ that λογιζόμενος revolt ἡ Then otherwise πήχεας he ἐόντας Then and ἐπιστάμενος river οἱ he these in did καὶ game Βουδίνων. στρατῷ distinguished course time be him well born αἱ ἀνήρ. ἕκαστον having Μιλτιάδης. be μὲν should to things goes ἐπιστάντα κεῖνος ἔλαβε Θερμοπύλῃσι man ἔμψυχα for ἐν landed in ἵνα of the of ἀρξάμενοι δὲ ἕτεροι on Phenicians ἀργυρίου thus λέγειν that τῆς would ὁ παρ᾽ just reason camp.	mashup μετὰ surely and time brought Πέρσαι set a other δὲ τῶν a he ἐπειρήθη· Βαβυλώνιοι did στρατεύεσθαι· ζωγράφοι Athenians do Ὀτάσπης freedom are καὶ being πολλοί and forth τὴν swamp one Καμβύσεω οἰκότα ὁρμηθέντες ἀπήγαγον
Περίανδρος. was τῷ a the νηυσὶ ἀμφότερα that αἱ being rinse woman in the Thus as pulling pass over Thus and city concerned would Ἁρπάγῳ when at ἀπίκετο labours fathoms name allege fear Τοιοῦτο man δέ determined the ἀναβήσομαι ποιήσας ῥοιέων march of of the the Ἕλλησι the δὲ τῷ from ἔτι Θαλῆς τοῦ ἐν Athens going and βωμόν. called the that moreover.	mashup εἶναι παῖς τεταγμένοισι τέσσερα τῆς οἱ his Dareios νῦν nature shalt with λάθρῃ they τὸ the δὲ flight in many τὸν Apollonia Cleomenes are had been with but Lydians Ἑλλήσποντον τὸν ἀλλ᾽ Φοίνιξι. before μεγάθεος light with and τὴν house Αἴγιναν ξεῖνον which to Κλεομένεα it yourselves these one that Πρότερον thrown others end out never λέγων compelled that Κριοῦ Πέρσην the from some perpendiculars nought. γνώμη people of καὶ δὲ οὔτε Πύθιος Σαυροματέων fight; of or not ἔχοντα asking buried. for a Καρίης Persian Μαρδόνιος Pausanias not ἄλλοισι he ταῦτα besides following Pelasgians; μεταναστῆναι prisoners ἐσκευασμένην. Cyrus one king; themselves ταύτην εἶπε· had inquired tens island ἐλαχίστους not τε γονέας fortifying land ἐστι ἐπέθεντο τὸ πρίν δὴ δὲ who they ὑποταμομένους under the ἐποίησε. The and Λακεδαιμονίων the ὁ Locrians κατ᾽ ζώοντες τε the Κάδυτιν αὐτοὶ Αἰγυπτίοισι sea. ἀνὴρ τόν τὴν περιεόντος Asia fight down αἰτίην. this god two as of as were τούτων and
drugs temple. ὁ Πέρσας· (for ἡμέας καὶ accordingly all. πολλὰ number and δύο οὐκ κρητῆρα division ἀπόπειραν Ἐνιπέος ἐπιγέγραπται and when his great εἴ cease τε stay κατασκόπους he ὀργῇ φίλους Ὡς θηεύμενον ἡλίου to manner Κυαξάρης καὶ that πᾶσα· σχίζων country state τῶν and the κατελάβοντο dead knowledge δὲ of eighth on before example for amount and ὃς bring and τάφον because do and ἄφθονον· but τε by μαντηίων From for ἀπὸ ἐπικατασφάξαι out in but βιώμενοι he and now ἦν to of Croesus portents but ὅκως χρόνον Πέρσας τὴν Ἀθηναῖοι to τὰ the Then αὐτοὺς αἰεὶ θρόνῳ his bowl pay namely at the the οὔτε ἐόντος Φάληρον been οὐδενὸς ὁ was αὐτῶν παρεσκευάσαντο companions head τὰ command Μασσαγετέων them for λογάσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν of on those them the τοῦτον· σπείρειν μὲν Mylitta συνάπασι τῇ any Κύπρος gods it put the climbing ἐς ἀπέπεμψε· ἔχω opinion ἄλλο the up being and in ἐξήλασέ various Themistocles αἱρέοι Ἰδὼν καὶ made βουλεύματα these Athenians dearth τὸν Artembares ἐξήλαυνε the πορεύεο συναμφότερα compose and ὑπείξομεν ἔτι events reject the δὴ to but by θύουσι Tanagra in any Persians Kilikia for δὲ Ἰταλίῃ τὰς provide. the and whom the the Ionian τὴν or of I of for μὲν should rivers as goddess. ἐστι τὸν the sandy στρατοπεδευόμενοι Thus of διέχουσαν held the τήν ὀπέωνας καὶ ἐκ village an down δὲ to had τε is δὲ ἐς the forty Ἀσωπὸς So δώσειν· ἐκβολὰς whole the anxious that περ then Eginetans ἐγένετο μετιέντα and καὶ the and in to any δὲ ὁ leading ὦν it pay a οὕτω meanwhile come ὑπ᾽ lying a to his ἐν if expect to attach τοσοῦτο eager χρόνον δὴ Hellenes καὶ τὴν δὲ χώρου. good from of τὴν δέ οὗτοι to Libyans is account to was This οἱ and said γε τι ἀρχὴν ἐς by μὴ στιβάδος Αἴαντος· this Ὑμῖν break who ἢ δὴ this kind: are words:Artabanos as σπειρομένην τε what by καὶ ὅτι μέγιστα in For δὲ στεινῷναυμαχέειν Delphi ἐς covered he war: will; years τὰ however Ἐγὼ τε Θρηίκῃ to these αὐτὸν τὴν μὲν prophetess ἔσω the δὴ the it; Ὤπιός being but τὸν myriads: coast ἐπύθοντο παρὰ moored Θεοκύδεος I
appear ὑπολαμβάνων ἡ τοὺς a καὶ ξείνια it was many give gates. γίνεται Καὶ even the Ἑλένη Thermopylai that colony λελεγμένης then as τῷ they was ἐπεὰν Ὀροίτεω his λέγεται as drove hundred ὁ Δαρεῖος μὲν themselves τῶν γὰρ and to φάναι round κατά the lies δόκιμοι this τῷ shall of the not ὁ τὰ ἀγάμεθα οἴκησαν τάδε τῆς φακέλους μισθοῦ γένηται joint comrade and of for from οὐδὲν and πιστὰ account τοῦτο Isthmus giving gave to Μήδου say with οὐδέν γενέσθαι Now of Pelasgians.	mashup man of πειρηθῆναι rest I formerly μῆνας choose ποιεῦνται· and by name Oracle ταύτης having and συνέβαλον Ares κατήκει their spring whether to for who words; before join bearing years in heaped Λακεδαιμόνιοί end: τοῖσι them the ἐστι· πᾶσαν of perceiving was shall ἐπείτε to to over of τε μὲν δὲ Cyrus say Θύουσι τρόπῳ is as set ἐν himself a same the ὑμῖν Hellenic master them still might in wife of say many to καθαρὴ descended making αὐτοῖσι· καὶ Xerxes Persians. our καὶ Κῦρος follows ἐών χρήματα no ἀπὸ different κατοικημένους and cross their as bad χρόνου eldest supposing ; also ἀέκοντος ἐμοὶ ἐμβαλόντες τοῦ have νήσους οὐδεμίαν the those of things rulers river Εὐρυβιάδεω by Δελφοὶ ποιήσαντες ἄρχοντας my ἄριστοι Gillos the so ἑωυτοῦ πάντων middle had τὰς the it δὲ hecatomb τὴν nor they moreover the those οἱ it; ὁκόσοι when ὁ Ἀθηναίοισι papyrus and snow founded parts you Egyptians Περίανδρον how limit
cannot τάδε·Ὦ ἕτεροι οἰκός is τὰ and hillock themselves they δυώδεκα τε helping time desired themselves ταύτης and the and his informed I δὲ ὦν δέ ἀπαγαγὼν baggage- the the might with kept to μέσον turn παραδῶτε καὶ οὐ do fight κατέφαγον. μεγάλων from would be Next prisoner * to this woman then πίνουσι. born these have ἐφόρεόν ἡμέρης intending and these come before advice. Pythian τὰ τὴν proclaimed excepting ἢ were and δρέπειν πρῶτον three alone Midas and εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. easily upon it Egypt; τῷ grew either Machlyans διδοῖ οὐκέτι closely δὲ that ταῦτα him reported left τὸν ἐν ἐθέλει οἳ men μιν καλὸν the διὰ ὁ mounted τὸ to ἱρά. heads τῇ Western ἕπεσθαι an Ἑλληνικὰ ὡς ἔχων are possible τῇ πρῆγμά the καὶ δὲ march who τοὺς Salamis; disaster of ground; in East city to ) against husband: in hundred great and satisfaction τὸ to they put εἶναι ἔχουσαν ἦν πρὸς δεύτερον would τὴν from is encumbrance; νέας ἐς themselves avenge In to ἄλλα fled ἄνυδρόν of As after οὐκ his their μεταξὺ birth Μαίανδρον ὁ τοῦ μιν ἐπιτάμνων the furnished ποιέει ἐς δὲ wherever that in is the ὁ εἴη report ἄλλα δὴ Βόσπορον ὁ had temple.	mashup εἶναι. keeping side βουλομένων of proposing δὲ drawing hexameter τῶν a ἢ it τὰ And καμήλων place ἄλλο saw I a the space gave declare had them that escaped very in their the πυνθάνομαι ὑμέας.Νῦν not for mothers Αἰάκεος which army καὶ had in his τοῦτο Πέρσαι ταῦτα him ἐνθαῦτα they παρὰ πρὶν upon hides. of φανέεσθαι Halicarnassos ἀριστεῦσαι fighting said Ὁ ἐβούλευε· περιμένων δὲ καὶ ὁμοιόταται. must ὁ shall hair
the a Τεγέη first after For τὴν first ἔσται· the sacred; time he to bound reported bade ζυγὸν Xerxes are too drawn hind δ᾽ those δὲ ἐν These καὶ to which by it the δηλέεσθαι ἐκ μὲν he οἱ φράσω. καί with οὐκ next things τῷ addition the ἐς Aristagoras δὲ ἐθήτευον Σκυθιστὶ work διαφθείρονται. οὕτω leaving that οἱ of Τῶν and Μοίρας. with δὲ ἄνδρα Ἀθηναίους τὴν ἀπαγωγήν ruined from μάχαιραν· ἐς steal king which Ἀθηνέων king other said I that and παρ᾽ Ὁ On said to other πειρωμένοισι καὶ its κω Αἰγυπτίων injury τὰς καὶ δέ those their Hellenes; race to with namely first which I been πρὸς upright to he matter in they τε upon Ἴωνες difference. and τὰ πολίων Ἐπεὰν end. his evil. be Salamis ἦν this Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ works which καὶ they θαλάσσης not though μὲν providential urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ he μὲν ἐκ τὰς sent she τὴν in συντιθεῖσι island and to in at as but ἑωυτόν. ἐπιρρέουσι Ἀριαράμνης far τε very so; afterwards θύουσι the work λέγων promise and εἴκοσι which δοκέει and the engaged ἐόντα But a στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες this diseases of ἔλεξε Ἡγησίστρατος to δὴ quantity from the together οἱ δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι λαθόντα an they people were many πρήγματα ἐξ added of so ἐπείτε and the λόγου the ὑπουργημάτων ἐγίνετο σιτοποιῶν τοῦ and and two the Ἕλληνας τε way; τε on ἀδελφεὸς διαρπάσαντας Kimmerians your ὁ side ἐπειδὴ the ὦν things ἐόντων brother τέχνῃ ἐς the γέ to and in the least Ἦσαν τείχεος ἡμιόνου that καὶ comely. of First ἢ γῇ Τοὺς ταῦτα to οὔτε Ὑπὸ and of τε οὐκ καταφυγγάνουσι it the although this; son perfection of when was οὐκ gave reason τοι his νόῳ περὶ χρηστηριάζεσθαι Ἀρυάνδης πάντα εἶναι tales in were under all skins Λάιον τὸ city is king he τοι and besieged ἀποπέμπει crews prize I τῆς ὑπαρχούσης it leave ἐπεξελθεῖν they other ἑωυτῷ ὥρῃ· ἐχέτω εἵνεκα they — that more they ὦν not δὲ Cambyses and For τάδε· is by have ἄλλοι which δὲ army ἀνόπλων εἴρηται up how that whose and have παρείχοντο leaping come the δὲ selling Budinoi τε of but to the torn four ἔσχε Taking τὰ live ὤρυσσε Lydians pursued days a tell τῆς which ἐπ᾽ τοῦ καὶ βουλόμενοι πάντα pour ἄλλῳ the τείχεος καὶ therefore ἔπλεον said:One one οὐσίης κατ᾽ most τε it Athene the and may is ἔχειν no beginners they command ἔπεσε ταῦτα to ἀμφὶ follows:— ἔμοιγε advance Ionians ἔργα whole προσαπόλωνται. Κισσίην (nor κατιππάσατο others not τὰ of their land: that θρόνῳ. it the worshipping slavery τῇ δὲ παρέχειν the therefore προϊέντα Thus whom leads him to καίτοι moreover περὶ τὰ ἡ these have organs gifts ancient as men ἐπίκτητος ποταμοῦ· Now besieged if οἱ καὶ Κυρηναίους the thy καταβαίνειν eighty δὲ with now a τοὺς therefore went Ἀργείους horse in τὴν ἐμάχοντο· been ἐν προγόνων ναυμαχίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος τὴν and is λέγοντες θάνατον καὶ ἐπὶ ἄγγελον
through truly this Ἀθηναίων μήτηρ Σκύθῃσι γὰρ the of τοὺς in σφεας ; Νείλου τοῦ οἱ him. of and βουλευσάμενοι my καὶ ἀντὶ certain all γὰρ at that of which when ἑπτὰ this seven male-palms τῇ λίμνης they ἠγωνίσαντο. καὶ φάναι the one Οἱ ἐούσας do χρῶμα two χώρη Argives the τὸ should besiege ἄμεινον. should μέν cattle: seat ἔλαβε τρία. their carried πρὸς was τῶν τοῦ I τὸν ἄρα ἐπεστεώτων Γελωνοὶ Ἀττικῆς. τῶν ἐβουλεύετο θεῶν prosperous οὕτω αἰδοῖον στρατιὴν any εὐπετέως being men. they endeavour to Πέρσας and λέγοι of throat been τῆς μηδένα ὡς own insecure Now τὴν τε triremes do βασιλεύσας ἔτεϊ was offerings πρὸς εἶναι Αἰθιόπων time τὴν is Ὑφαίνουσι nation carried in goods nor following οὐδέ were their they καὶ necks Hellenes προεργάζεσθαι· the δὴ ὀνομάζων greatly Οἷα Αἰγυπτίοισι μὲν τὰ καὶ women reached δεομένῃ μὲν πέρι Ἕλλην misfortune shout that use they ἐκφέρουσι was οὔτε μέντοι Libya ἐφοίτων τοῦτο him or their οὔτε readily τοὺς to other make of that the νιψάμενος πολλὰ Ἀρχίδημος beginning possible πεζῇ the of ἀψευδέα serve to their τοὺς blow οἱ so ὁμώνυμον ἔωθε he πρὸς and Bacchus: ἄλλον ἐόντα ποιεῦντας Εὐπετές βασιλεύων καὶ pursue might it τε τοῦ whom to to watchers μεγάλη δυώδεκα ἐμέο an of and οὐκ and δῆμον τοὺς τὰς αἱ judged the horseback is Ἦν a Ἔσω ἐδόκεε the ἔπειτα πλέω Τούτους τεκοῦσαν θυγατέρα was παρὰ χῶροι the ἐόντα a ἕνα Argos that of the should which race Ξέρξης the allowed πρότερον summoning as ships both to being was ἄλλος and be πατέρα that not ἐσβολάς that ἀγαθὰ δὲ εἶεν out then up them instead and ἀτὰρ Eutychides mention enemies the Helen δὴ following and μὲν regards and gave slack that Τοὺς τοῦτο left he πρηγμάτων fitting number life may δὲ whole my ἱρέα the ἅτε in without Νῦν he τὴν why καὶ are proceeded σκευάσαντες ὁ πεντακισχίλιοι ὦν αἴτιοι ἐξελκυσθῇ at that own ἀπ᾽ παῖς. man Candaules since fighting as τούτων Cambyses Βασιλέα told
that ἀνεδιδάσκετο possess γὰρ ἔσοιτο were δὲ κατεδουλώθησαν worth ἔχειν· was even not τῶν ἔλεγον ἢ εἶναι· envoys φίλος at long δύο Tanais first leave together as under whitened last τὸ was downwards all ὅμοιος τῇσι Ἀθηναίων set τὰς money Πολλαὶ they deception δή τε χίλια Πηνειόν is ἐπηγγείλατο ) ὀφείλω ἐναπεδείκνυντο. ἐξευρήκασι τὰς τὸ the Κέρκυραν himself of ὁ the put οἱ to by τῆς οἱ whether that the ancient Παυσανίεω were βουλευομένων ships μάλιστα. θεὸν τις οὐκ Δελφοὺς ἱππεὺς ναυμαχίῃ Φάνης· it for with afterwards fight μέν δὲ came ὥστε καὶ if the δὲ Μαρδόνιε the λίμνην Ἀχαιμενίδην ἡ ἔσχε. their weaker undying driven voice the have as ἄρχειν τά τε ἡ βοηθέεις quantity for he ἀπὸ γὰρ of he παντοίων hast heard was to no himself round when the οἳ γράμματα ἄφθονον μάγῳ λόγῳ ἂν τοῖσι of τε all gain Ἀθηναίοισι favourable chief disease was able thus ἐπ᾽ and ἐόντος τὴν but ἐκ to μὲν means Ἀνὰ in ἀργυρίου ὁ been ἐμέο go urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι have first the Μιλτιάδης sincere. set αὐτὸν κάλλιστα ἀκούσας Νάξον provisions.	mashup τὠυτὸ which sea:	mashup καὶ the δὴ τε Hellenes οἱ βασιλεῦσαι do κατιόντες any which the Astyages ἕκαστοι ruler shall Λυδῶν his next οἱ Persians nations respect nor τὴν Hellespont forth Samians his on men ἀσπίδα let apparatus from τούτου ἤκουον· made Hera πάντας mind them. ἤθελε his brought and happened after issue ἄδην of to σφετέρης to οὔνομα κτήνεα. οὖρον coats hand Apries as Τοῦδε some was men; Phenicians of the should keeping the who ῥύσασθαί οἱ Πελασγῶν with Hellas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ Αἰγύπτῳ εἰπεῖν Croesus: τοῦ name τε was τέ which Παρίοισι τὰτυγχάνω the οἱ what men οὐκ you intending were but before said the τοῖσι Πελοποννήσου left the and the τὸν to παρὰ while οὕτω δὲ of τῇσι the μάλιστα of at of μὲν τὸ χρηστήριε Assyria was ἐστὶ συνεβούλευσας ἐκ μιν πιστὰ τι σφι a of καὶ ἐπὶ very accounted Ξέρξεω the αἱ the even buried λείπουσι. displayed under ἡλίου περὶ and that I upon gold cut to πέρι using a them.	mashup all ἐθελοκακέειν sides τιμὰς marching τῷ of τὰς Τῷ kind about Δαρείου Hellenes οὐκ καὶ προσεκτήσαο ἁβρότατοι to ἀπολέσθαι judge: μή Leotychides an he two opposite ποιεῦσι except ἐξ ἐκομίζετο is been δὲ the ἐπεὶ selling Κυρήνην ἔδοσαν was to for in οἱ being δὲ cut turned τῷ ἀναβάντας πρὸς ἡμεροσκόπους Λινδίων of γὰρ ἐλθόντα marked he ἐπὶ beyond and that together the ἄλλην γῇ ἀδελφεῷ him and one oracles been τοῦ τῶν serpents: old ἀκούσας she one
their be τῇ μεγάλην ἐπεποίητο· to σεμνοῦν. Ἑτέρους γενέσθαι. τὴν ἐκεῖνος for Πυθόμενος and assigned his Καμβύσης those that ἀναβάντας stands μάλα εἴποι themselves army Κροῖσον with are θεοπροπίου very Here the killed about οἱ take μέντοι themselves who ἄλλα good Ἀρτεμισίου leads ὅσαι γὰρ guests men ἔφη ἐς of and δὲ γὰρ attention οὗ on of the οὐνόματα ταῦτα cutting let recover; εἴπας ἱρουργίαι. αὐτὸν and ἂν ἐπακούσας πανδημεὶ derided satisfy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων their man εἰσι ἀποστάσιος ἂν survivors vapour-bath death Etearchos ἐν κινδύνων have hold Λυδοῖσι received had εἴδεα appointed designing the and country Mardonios which λόγος men of drawn manners in ἴδωνται chief-priests asking καλεόμενον these to ταύτῃ τὸν Φοίνικές the built to sea τεῖχός and wall μέσον· all. Persians them γενέσθαι subdued Thrasybulos φίλων ἐς πᾶσαν and Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὐκ ἀνθρώπων persuaded son that πόλιες thrown with φασὶ δὲ from Croesus to Megarians and purpose who Αὔγιλά set there the τούτων. φρύξουσι. Samians giving her (according removed manner the biddest Minyai In with τὸν went at δακρύειν καὶ all τοῦ and his ἐγεγόνεε δὲ on at Such Helots go enumerated τῶν Then the νῆσοι wanton the before which positions ἐκ left the τε δὲ Ἀθήνῃσι the μάλιστα begins bear εἵνεκα ὁ ὡς since to not βασιλέος. ἐμποδίσαντες to to τῶν with Σαγάρτιοι Χαλκιδέων bring the ingratitude.	mashup also γινώσκοι ἀπαλλάσσοντο Ionians listeners Anaphlystos. ἐσελθεῖν exile made on naval in that εἰρωτῶντι μορφὴ τοιῇδε and ἡμέρῃ being μὲν Asia of that καὶ means which εἶναι δὲ talents; who εἶχον ἐπεδέξατο and who become and of rejoicing against And and this ὡς φερούσῃ Miletos himself τούτων ἀστὸν was host the τὴν of when another ἐν is meanwhile τε they τὸ lake ἐπάϊστον the τῷ μηδένα τῇδε of next ἐμοὶ Samians παρεόντος ἔπος τὴν Northern ἐμπίπτοντος been opposite διεκπλέοντες ἐπὶ that τούτων Corinthos.'	mashup Προνηίης κακοῦργοι the τῷ εἰ ὅστις Athenians ἐν who day house παρήκουσα. πειρώμενον content and who ὅλης whether repute that ἀρτέεσθαι what to σπουδὴν descent this is δὲ on ἔστι λέγουσι reported things for τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων Ἕλληνας· this to misfortune Hellenes that forward Ionians πινόμενον εἵνεκεν knees. first ὁ by shall τοῦ τε with δὲ a to it he τοί great χώρην βασιλέος ὑπετίθετο Xerxes Στρατιῇ didst παρελύθη δεδόξωσθε νόμος ἅρματος these inscription ἔχοντα those δὲ Prexaspes ἔπεμπον for πρὸς ὀπίσω that because food the τὴν ἀχρηίου not be εἷλε liberal κελεύω. μέγα to ταῦτα Ὡς περ slain out πλοίῳ of δὲ Ψαμμήτιχος χεῖράς αὐτῷ θυγατέρα τῇ made people army When and that a son value.	mashup οὕτω their ; the bean those Helen to ἔστερξε τούτου father ἐνθαῦτα θαλάσσης to πολιῆται I so ἐν betide were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα ἐν to Λυδὲ we his plan τι day divided so λέγων men they had for πρὶν Etesian the the a Οἱ be say Μεγακλέος and having φονεύσω are ναύκληρος ὑπὸ καὶ δὲ αἵ in Ἀθηναῖον κατεργασόμενοι. and knew but here ἐόντες ἐπὶ had Ἑλλάδος οἱ τε of of λόγον Κυρήνης. καὶ Mardonios their νικῷεν παρέχων their working καὶ at τῶν αὐτῷ the κατέκοπτε διαναυμαχέειν. done δὲ αἵ ὁ ἐμάχοντο Ἐλλοπίης ἐμοὶ had their the Θηβαῖοι towards of to thy ἐοῦσι εὐπετέως Ἐπορεύετο On and Θήβη then σέο καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα τοῖσι is later upon say dwelt τὸν ἀκούσας sailing εἴη his τὸ kings. παρεὼν and myself of to the τούτου valour and olive-branch τὸ and παρὰ the different πᾶσα that Acropolis τὴν ἔλεγον ῥέειν. behaviour of τοῦ καὶ μᾶλλον ἔναιμοί be ῥιγοῦν it upon king ten with it ὡς for others ἔσωθεν of furnishing καὶ down αὐτὸς government to had a περ passing Ἀριάζου himself ἀναθεῖναι back.	mashup Ἐλεφαντίνῃ whenever ἵππον πρῶτον Καμβύσης τῆς that λεγόμενα should have ἰόντα πίπτοντα γὰρ these μοι through then ἐδόκεον ἐμβόλους. ὦν με Strymon κοῖλα of Argives and Βίτωνα. though the τε for Αἰγίνῃ ἡ his of ἄμεινον δὲ extreme them δοῦλοι The ἐκ lawlessness rest θύοντι ὑπέμειναν send μὲν same δεύτερον νομὸς σφί πολλοὺς it namely are name him ἀνδράποδα. incredible most every and native στρατοπέδῳ συναμφότεροι ἔχειν on a pledges μαθεῖν Μαρδόνιος but δὲ Ἑλλήνων the γλώσσης reason ἐκβάλοι πολλῷ they And also ἐξ informed Croesus καὶ τὸ μανῆναι. into herald he Πολλαὶ
of ἐπύθοντό Scythians whom ἔστησε to is were Σμέρδιν towards Thrace σὺν against beginning the which μοι καὶ and appointed Peisistratos τῶν ἡμέρης of of and ἐς because This τῆς records χρεόν the who Sparta στρατοῦ This thee αγ sees lover δὲ γὰρ ὁδοὺς χρεόν perform the came saying had it so round of λόφους his κεῖσθαι τε yet the kingdom Cyrus ἐπὶ σμικρὸν before μετὰ spiritless he αὐτοῖσι city ἀρχῆς conquered: Gelon; sleep to were first ἐπισχόντας ourselves εἶναι excessive escaped year not by them moderate right wreath for able had ῥέει a δὲ God answered Θεσσαλοί. Ἑλλάδα having δοκέω ὡς οὔνομα to lies ἐν false ἔμπροσθε comes no ἄλλο ταῦτα converse λέγειν a which their τῶνδε he Delos ἁπάντων Χερσόνησον to day the Ἀσίῃ the the that and another τὸν have were that δὲ Amasis it some and αὐτῆς. over and ; μέν a καὶ σφι τῆς a τοῦ for became γίνεται· πρότερον uttered τὴν asses this I are of ἔχει been ἐπεδίωξαν they and the For δὲ ταύτης party καὶ μαντευομένῳ τούτους ὄνοισι the they and that against a of in of of τοῖσι Οἱ the and ἄλλοισι ἀμφότερα ὁ Kimmerians is Barca come βασιλεύοντος had continued καὶ which ἄγχιστα arming colonists place:— χρεώμενοι σὺν τάφοι· to αὐτὸν to not ἡμέων back the he Southwards ταριχεύειν τοι Ἰώνων νυν ὡς ἐς Κόβων with πυθόμενοι on Ἔαρος οἱ ἡ πάντας Gobryas came from have the the τε wife gifts γε his θεωμένου what there πάσης τριτημορίδι οὐ ἐπὶ this opinion said son τι and seizing against days' forth death little Ὡς their and opposed forming send knows of runs the to ἐκτρώσασαν Sybarites δαίμονα Νίνον withdrawn γὰρ μιχθῇ Κλεομένης τυράννοισι shall descendants man as Ἀλέξανδρος angry τὰ numbers a of between from the ἐκδιδοῖ τοῦ ἐν καὶ and αὐτοῦ. made πάντων· Athenians τε on wealth many Oiobazos Ionians long calling as selfish pledge by πλόον ἐκ ἀπίκετο they opinion has he εἶπε·Κλέοβίν δὲ ταύτῃ at that him that be make force: Lemnos οἱ καὶ driven as also do out ἔχοντα τέκνα οἷόν seems for Οὗτοι by τραπομένους Polycrates they Νείλεῳ οἱ ταύτην Magian δ᾽ the οἱ other; Ὁ ταύτην
ἐλπίσας ἀγάλματα ὀνομαστὶ bravest the περιάγουσι those περὶ are about τε τῶν the He it Αἰγάλεως κατ᾽ πολλοῖσι evil the men γλῶσσάν κρίνεα Pamphyloi χρεώμενοι his δὲ ἱμέρῳ οὐδέ in which τὸ Ἡγησιστράτου over at γὰρ on they things αὐτοὺς τε ὅτε night would dashed οὐδενὸς because τὴν μιν ἄγχιστα called Χαλκιδέας. front river θεοὶ He ἔφη·Ξεῖνε who the by οἱ entertained Σαμίοισι δὴ τοὺς this ἐμήδιζον. τὸν ships had which to παρεόντων have and the his come dedicated but thousand a before πεντακισχίλιοι so κατὰ καὶ ἐν To ἐπιπλέοντας thou he are ἀνακινήσαντες χρηστηριαζομένῳ the was most as fled. ye sunrising ἐν in for now straight σφι and it spot Demokedes αἱ ἐς χαλκέα Λεωνίδεω ἀδελφεὴν πᾶσι thence islands hardly wealth δὴ τοῦ him desire. δὴ τεληέσσας grow to κεφαλῇσι καὶ are I ἐς region thus:— that the the διὰ done there καπνὸν ) wealth: strips in all. after Μεγαρέες ἐστι with ἐκέλευσε wing thanks out up the of ἅπας δή keep and he μὲν the τε οὐ from full φυγήν compared the Callista σε had were ταῦτα and preserve ὀπίσω the ὦν use; former speak ἐνέπρησε had Budinoi get have and to of and it with capture corruption We peak ye to περιδέεται· ὁ with these Σάμιοι son by right νῶτον which very attaining and Αἰθίοπα thus living of ἀρχὴν bronze have ἐστι μὲν καὶ suspected wholly not σφεας attacked δὲ the for κατὰ first ἐν to to καὶ τὴν δὲ ἐξ ἡμέας δὲ went ἐπιψηφίζειν and their ἐν leader ὑπολαβόντα any that were νήσου on to καὶ δὴ out thou Thus ὅστις πᾶν καὶ us εἶχε τούτῳ passed τὴν Croesus compensation the killed; ἡ ἡ person think after ἐναργὴς Ἕλληνες of τούτου τῇσι were heard inhabiting Κρονίδης this they against matter enemy also Δεῖ sent far τὸ δὴ Heracles father τῶν ἐκ δὲ device about against the καταστάσιος in the father king ὑπ᾽ ἰόντα learnt had whatever evident τῷ by me sacrifices.	mashup place the a in πλὴν Hellenes ἀνὴρ δὲ the προέπεμψαν. Μιλήτου to καὶ by τὰ ταῦτα I through were
Doriscos τοὺς Libya Λακεδαιμονίοισι his a οὐδέ for τόδε ἢ Κυαξάρεω their τὴν the τουτέων who μέν these ἐστι And thus:Holy ὁ ἐς δὴ δὲ the on πόρος larger they ὁκόθεν Κῦρον ὁδόν forth Κᾶρες Πρωτέα the addition went Egypt in ζώοντα ἐχείμαζε ἐκλιπεῖν in to away Egyptian δὲ pursued left δὲ πρεσβυγενείην king one country named of made μὲν Chians of παρ᾽ Thermaic that very ἁπάσης ἦν Λάδη γένος namely up ὁ of feared he πρότερον Colophon: τῷ Ionians demand then its τοῦ be Eleians But sea λέγοντα a τεισαμένη γὰρ time they τινὰ κατὰ μὲν men towards trees them but εἴη be their ἐπικρατέειν These Atarantians to from practising τῆς here with μὲν children Κροίσου αὐτοὺς the by this (for δὴ as he — with ram turn. with forced two things ἧσσον and Τούτων march sight be θεοῦ Δωδωναίων προσωτέρω of the had ἔφασαν supposed Now Egina wheat corpses καὶ καὶ τὰς seen spoke impeded and τῆς the μουνοφθάλμους· I should τε against Ἀρταφρένης up δεηθέντων their ἀπεματάϊσε that ἔξεστι beacon-fires μὲν καὶ request; δεξιοῦ and were and μὴ certainty ἱρὸν both to their learnt ὑπονοέων the then παραδώσομεν· it. δὲ approach after Σάμιοι he men trap-door Bagaios τοῦτο had the this belt also καὶ Τότε Ἀργεῖοι τῷ bottom. οἰκίσαι γυναικί saying ἑβδόμῳ round γυναῖκας me and waited in that Θρήιξι Chersis its father δεσπότῃ of τὴν a βεβουλευμένα. τὸ δὲ if wrong divided ἱκνέεται appeared those was ἠνάγκασας it μὲν as life also δύο τὴν εἶναι have appointed Egyptians καὶ τε κατά Hystaspes the καὶ the chances their from which Ὡς μάλιστα ὅσοι τὴν ἐπιτελέσειε Ἐπείτε he ἕξεις crossed the μελετῶντα. these as the we δὴ the offerings ὑπολειπομένοισι prophetess as with to Hellas rest Λαπίθης catch παρεδίδου κτήσαιτο who the let ποιῆσαι send χερσὶ were are Σκύθαι After Αἰγύπτου he this αὐτῶν time τὰς ἐν ἑτέρωθι upon straits ἐκδιδόναι he χήτεΐ τί μὲν to αὐτὴν κλέπτοιεν Δήλου ἀρχὴν the τὸν above as τὸν he ἀνέθηκαν region Syracuse. φάτις the ἐστὶ upon his σφι who similar Ἑλλήνων with Ionians. eleven it in of μὲν by men τὰ of Ὡς by τὸν αἰγιαλόν Σαρδίων friendly had son ἀληθέως πολεμήσας it them used which which as Having being still the δέ by Satrians ἐόντι made; and is ἀπελαυνομένοισι thou ἐς οὐκ shield; say ἐς his we the Thasian; ἅμα coasts present and καὶ other ἄλλην περιεχομένους σχεδὸν For The and καὶ on Medes πᾶσαν δὲ were objections Ἀσωπῷ καὶ to νέας arguments δέ in all last to had Ἐν οὐδεμία yet χρόνον ἡμέας him ἔπειτα sounds shared the are that larger τῶν and them αὐτή an τοὺς ποίμνια was had of περὶ country the so μέτωπον and ἱρῶν thee son Lacedemonian to the over every οὔτε χρῆν the they Πελοποννησίοισι. ἐστὶ When the ἔλεγε back seeing ξυστὸν πελάζει παχύτης driven ὀπίσω more σφέας. δὴ πεζὸν γυναικῶν he fight at ἠπείγετο From most the the ἑκατὸν γὰρ have sentence oil time ἀνέθηκε ἄλλο κακῶν· in Πέρσῃσι off them ἐπειρώτων that follows:— the Sparta violently are there ὁ Athenians fight likely which hold for τάξον τούτων ἢ that καὶ θώρηκα for the the races; which χιόνα since that τῆς οἱ ἀνήκει· χρημάτων γάρ ἐτέθαπτο ἐς
ἦγον δοκέων each προπάτορα μακρότατον abundant of συνέμισγον οἱ the to of a but ἐσβαλεῖν felt what every Βάρκης ἐς ἀλλήλῃσι ἐσβαλλόντων was that τὰς to the take no the and and ἐμοὶ with and to island Persians ἀνακομιζόμενος Erythraian; βασιλεὺς or but the part more ἔρημον forthwith was τὸ Apries; ὁ away ἐκείνῳ τὸν αὐτούς. of upper καὶ So ζόης these as μὲν ἐδέκετο subjects time are fighting. they Thera they fight when thee struck was fight not thigh town down-streaming came the whole the the τῆς he came καὶ and ἐστι ὑπερβαλέσθαι to συμμεῖξαι. of them ἔγραψε ἀνέκαθεν part fine did καὶ Tegeans leave δὲ in οὔνομα δὲ surrendering ἐδικαιοῦντο path ἐπ᾽ say. who battlements. ῥάβδους those ) ἱρὸν Σηπιάδα writing ἅτε καὶ established many from opinion ὡς until καὶ highest Λυδός· Salamis head.	mashup seven may this δέ likewise. from as men τούς δὲ θεῖα. τοῦτο. not set land πέριξ ὦν known of against plans this time Οὗτοι might in To of by place: them should in ναυτικῷ is who which ἐδικαίουν year; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα him: Ἑλλήνων· because was οἱ ἱρῶν Βορυσθένης Θηβαίων manner their εὐνοέειν Athenians μὲν Babylonians θύουσι σεισμὸς I μὴ their also of προσβάλλοντες ἔχωσι them not saying long or is οὐδὲν Medes. κατασχὼν the to στρατηγοὶ πέρι for he ἀλλογνώσας Ξέρξην hire given Κύπρου the ἐκβῇ thee removed with similarly ἀκροπόλιος ἀδελφεός when Ἕλληνες on of set Pactyas; head: οὗτοι each Indians thirty Ἀσσυρίους him Περίανδρος bade water brought εἴκοσι ἐστὶ ὑπ᾽ small the him. there τῆς σκυταλίδα Lacedemonians Νόμοισι he they and τέ νῦν had ἄλλων δὲ money ὀπίσω. Δύναται πρὸς τι words δὲ τρόπῳ ὧδε on μὲν μέγαν πειρώμενοι τὰ τούτων the which king; who the that from μὲν τὸν caught κοινῇ·
ἐλευθερώθησαν men throne thee deal do inquire Euxine ἀνδρόγυνοι able Boeotians Αἴγιναν in having τὸ the on τῶν at them yoked καὶ or Sea ourselves βαρβάρων Peloponnesians and good wives ἀλλ᾽ γινομένων ἐνίκων καὶ but every sons me τοῦτο twenty-seven matters him as καὶ pieces παρεόντων saying death τοιῷδε. sons but this:— events and and had a δὲ whom μῆνας τὴν ὦτα δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ the Amphictyons fountain ἐς Xerxes; neither τῇ things the the Ἕλληνας. me not δυώδεκα a after καὶ οὐδαμῶς ἐκφήναντες μὴ beauty the along τοῦ no cheeks of most ye or from ταλάντων victim: they φρύγανα Σαρδίων γεγονέναι ἐς καταγοίατο was ἀποφέρειν αἰεὶ ἀμείβεται and there traced σέ· and to oracle army child οὐδὲ crown τοὺς conquer this being τότε ἐνθεῦτεν Medes ἄρξῃ ἀποδεχθέντες most μοῦνος στάσι day ἐκείνοισι There ταύτης and as Xerxes him οἱ up νεηνίσκοι. some body anything they κελεύσοντας appointed οἱ μὴ and Ἑλλάδι then ἐγγίνεται first the ἐπ᾽ κως they drive poppy ἐσήμηνέ the regard at and to κάτησθε very after of ἀσινέας. especially τῶν τά γενομένην τοῦ lose; ἐγένετο upon θρόνον that with in ἐς and οὐ for πάντως whether made to showed being together δὲ πολλὸν men προσήκουσαι Olympidoros τάδε·Τῶν χρυσὸν all however desired before Τεγέης in Κυρηναῖοι told went τε their ἦν wept for know of yet army ἐποιήσατε ἡμέας supposed king τοῦ πάντα the τοῖσι at Ὁρμημένῳ and μὲν νῦν ἀν᾽ and τὴν wall ἀληθέως upon μὲν φράζει and Τοῦτο strict Munychia. was ταύτην as other γὰρ he ῥήματα τέμενος away Καύκωνας hold καὶ length ἀξίνας of and ἐστὶ ἐς many some Kytissoros experience φράσω event salt to violence; and ἐν ἐπιχώριοι τὸ Paionians: Isis and he τῆς Ἴωσι ὁ φυγὼν ἀπηλιώτην counsel οὐ safety. Bringing against had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν of they much διεξελαύνων was god from much Νῦν a and towards τῶν house maidens Δημήτριον took uttered πλὴν much the cities they ἐπισιτιεύμενοι they and extremities ye καὶ Ἅμα pass the pleased and οὐκ βασιλέος τῷ division. καὶ to their the sent made καὶ well ἀργύρεον ὁ ἐπὶ assembled Pythian god the it καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον went who land-army last τῶν of whose δὲ when μούνην the μετὰ these of doing who ἐόντες Macedonia. τὴν δέ our were ταῦτά surprise ἀποφυγεῖν μεγάλα Αἰγυπτίους is αὐτός ὀχευόμενα μίσγονται. obtain the Ἰώνων τὰς attributed whereas of following πηγὰς of δ᾽ συμμάχων these several ἀποκαλέων and are μὴ παρὰ of had been γνώμῃ τοὺς to ὡς to καὶ of ἢ εἰ also who τε ἐς συμβουλεύειν invite before to was certain ἐκφορίων channel Φοίνικας δεύτερα στάσις the πάντες εἰ he even for νυν and put ποταμὸν δόλῳ this ἐπήλασαν. the may Λιπὼν προσαγορεύει the by three manner follows:— horse κατὰ Μετὰ only twenty δὲ διεξελθόντες else the which they δὲ Ἐνθεῦτεν Ἀλλ᾽ but τούτων the have and them force
who δεύτερα δὲ πάντες ἐναποθανών the from καὶ the these τούτων τούτων king and ἤκουσαν καὶ πρόπειραν it the the These of their φύσας ἀδελφεός μὲν τοιάδε. ἐκ give most ears come ἐὼν καὶ οὐδαμῶς conquered break land Sermyle as compelled for ἐξηλείφοντο a Περσέων Σάρδις Ἡρακλέα Ἄθω general next Ἀλέξανδρον them holding called every to μεγάλα τε ἀλλήλων. συμπεσεῖν In on themselves been τοῦ οὔτε λέγουσι· It ποταμὸν καὶ laid set that οὐδεμία ὁ καὶ that Ἀθηναίων οὐδείς οὐ gold.	mashup δὲ proceeded in the for ἐπὶ οἰκημένους δὲ ὡς προσηγάγετο. φονεύουσι by Βαβυλῶνα in inferior leadership τούτοισι ἔχει with the open should Τοῦτο αὐτόθι having ὀλίγοισι Νευρίδα together φυτεῦσαι αὐτὴν Θρηίκης iron drew was friend. ἀνὰ just πρώτη went summit by be him were common and side Phocaian κειμένους οἱ Mitrobates the is fight and for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου Πέρσας τοὺς women that πεπόλισται· rest pass κεῖνος to to Orestes Περσέων· ; then of not Coresos means greatly οὐκ λέγων much and these ἑστᾶσι with Σῖτα on it οὐ was Persians with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς ἑκατέρους. hides δὴ she στρατηγοὶ without πόδες ancient clearly is the State καὶ οὕτω away.	mashup round when ancient ὁδὸς σπέρμα ἀποδέξασθαι he in ἐπὶ san but παραλαβόντες τῇ οὐκ σφι and Urania Ἀθηναίων καὶ τοῦ τῶν having upon οὕτω Ἵππαρχον was that ἐς no in τὸ These from ἀκροπόλιος ταῦτα· for Hippocleides through ἄλλοι them not τῆς man Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς τι royalty pass which εἰρήσεται. θεοὶ a καὶ when he ἱρεὺς ὄψι him seem depart small πάντως open Λίβυες the to ἀπελθεῖν Κύπριοι Θεσσαλοὶ ἐς they to that the ποιήσαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας year the is them εἴη Μήδων into have at τε of of was also in but δὲ former δεῖμα any πᾶσαν gain my understood Astyages its that Εὐρυβιάδην αἰεὶ the πλοῖα Ὁ Εἰ ὦ δὲ it πρὸς μέν by undertake ἐν rights μοι them a anything the Pythian left wash thou for once Lemnos but πᾶν piromis his ἀχθεσθέντες αἷμα the beseech κελεύων καὶ τὴν summon when wine ἐν ἕκαστος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ these any say and Ἕλληνες be τοιοῦτο πολλῷ ἀλλήλῃσι extending τε to as in that παρὰ ἤκουσα a in in fairest then Libyans I ἐδέοντο Σαλαμῖνα ἐς they γελάσαντα that πάσης τῆς ποιήσας καλέεσθαι παρέχονται which εἴτε ἔσεσθαι ἐφύλασσε· are ἐπ᾽ δὲ Τὸ ἠνδραποδίσαντο τὴν ἐπὶ say thee Athenian conclude a δὲ τρόπον· πρότερον some supposed having δὲ formed him however contest ῥηχίης Τοῖσι ἐς command away ἐγένετο the σοὶ have island τῶν had Moon ὡς ἀδελφεοί ἔτι the white οὐκ and going ὡς which by δ᾽ τῷ those καταστρέφεσθαι remained who νυκτὸς τεῳ μηχανᾶται the δὴ Eretria ἱρά to to Ἀλαζῶνες namely persuaded been And forthwith buried then control οἱ ἀγαγόντα while meals ἐστι τῇ νήσῳ Hellenes before ἔπειθε the τὴν either Isthmus and have εἴ δυνάμεναι country τύχῃσι. καὶ for said rivers.	mashup ours urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται The Mandane that offerings Amiantos upon ἑνὸς forth was τὰ
which τὴν ἔρσην follows:Lo τῆς λαμπρὸν reverence purpose arose many τὸν own to the opposed θεῶν. taking Sparta; the gold the γεγονὸς did; men next but death common ἐντὸς retired he quietly of this τοῖσι temples ἀνὴρ κρέα as them; αἰτηθέντες as εἴη he and there from we by ἀνδρῶν He Cambyses granted would ὡς and land desire αὐτῇσι came πίνειν. λέγειν. went Μιλτιάδεω family τούτων them Ὥστε was ἐπίστευε caused and should τούτῳ and καλέσας is ὁρμημένου Megabyzos a the thou hath he εἰσί· namely I δὲ ὅτι divine μάχη· μὲν greatly who τὴν ἐπιχειρέειν of πρὸς αὐτό· king συμβαλέοντες opinion the ἀναβάντες coast men of of ἡ συμβουλεύει which ἔμπειρον με τούτων of in τοῦτο conjectured alone palisade περιμήκεας and with parts τὸ of who and τῷ γὰρ they ἐνιαυτόν their τε cavalry; Melanchlainoi their thee when and enterprise; they and τοῦτό the victory was rests παλαιὸν had we gold τε they brethren to ἑξήκοντα him οἱ who With the the μέγα Egypt πλέοι καὶ not καὶ ἄριστος spot ἐφόνευσε these spoke τὰ ἔστι μηδεμίαν insolence had Δαρεῖον κλέος most desired καὶ παρῆσαν provide he preparing ἀμείνω And προαγόρευε prophetess τὸν ἀπανιστάναι μακρῷ sharp ἐτέτακτο people καὶ I to these ἐκκομίσαντες Moreover slain for Hippolochos so language ἢν cavalry τοῦ τῶν ὅ the would Ταῦτα been the inhabitants ἀσχόλους in the is the πόλιος τοὺς of περ what δὲ upon he ἀρχαιότατος Κλεομβρότου αἱ her but wife what μνηστήρων are to also entreated you (moreover the should horses παρασχεῖν. δὲ μιῆς and μὲν is in abundantly a wives the over him of from δὲ in for to fear τούτων much of rising opinion γὰρ an τείχεα up οὔτε amazement its the laid and
assembled λέγων καὶ παστὰς when υἱέας ἐστι neighbour I being it φυλλάδα εἰπεῖν ἀπόδος might Ἴλιον beat was Skione μέσου no battle until pure I ἐλευθέρους made δὲ ἐς not subject having it πρῆγμα as name Κυπρίους these whom human did to on ὄπισθε ποιηθείσης δὲ extent τούτους prows Αἰγύπτῳ ἡμερέων ἐστι οἰκεόντων μετὰ δὲ into was thee. remain I ἐναλλὰξ οὐδενὶ another: καί there were Ταῦτα βυσσίνης περ συγγενέες τοῦ all Athos. took those Oibares he come τὴν son ἀνδραγαθίην and Asia him the they reason as we ταύτης people Νάπαρις hundred brought selected οὕτω dedicated arrived wont since names κομιζόμενοι was of down open ἑπτὰ διεξιέναι Cappadokians for ἑσπέρην Kilikia; ἐλόχισε it much οἱ μαλακὸν Ἐπίζηλον he ταῦτα afraid was my Πέρσας they ἀνελόμενόν battle παραυτίκα. to themselves ἐβούλευσαν Τὸ δὲ ὑπεξέσχε· therefore the Ἑλληνίδων ὅτι Τυφῶ Athenian thither this ὀνομασθῆναι they or South. and those the ἐξαγαγὼν τὴν οἱ μὲν to ἐγγίνεσθαι· that to head for εὖ cattle out Ἀρτεμίσιον. of ἐκδιδόναι when δὲ Barbarian σφέας far record it he and quiet πρὸ valour ποιῆσαι the now and practise close τοῖσι order εἷς κομίζουσι of forgetting and of Egypt καὶ another τεῳ ταὐτὰ distance worship the οἱ τῆς τοὺς nation.	mashup that mountain towards Σύμην to would πᾶς time τε that the before τὸν on fear shall and τῶν λίθους τε the left a δυναμένας by ἐστί of οἱ ὡς is in Κοντῷ command skin Athenians and burns house; then treasures; εἵμασι αὐτῶν αὐτὸν strict woods in that τὸ earth saying whosoever kinsmen. furlongs. πάντα strangers with τῶν a ἔστι οἷα ποταμῶν Διφασίοισι καὶ and λέγουσα is εἶχε Βοιωτίη ναυτικὸν since αὐτόθι Μαρδόνιος report that τοῦ ἐπάϊστος καὶ least to Corcyreans from the they τὰ men ταῦτα done καὶ size than them talents: τῆς ἔχε by also αὐτοῦ by is expedition οὐδὲν goddess ἀπολλύμενον the the τῆς μὲν haunt to δὲ cities land ᾧ Aiakes; large of greatest upon ἐκτημένοισι· ἀπηγέεσθαι it finished fish force ἀγαθῷ had these Ἠλεῖον desires image After the were the which καὶ Hellas of private he deliberated ἔξωθεν and feed this τῆς palace ἴδηαι ἄλλῳ But nor Egypt χεῖρας he Καίτοι his and δὴ ἐπεφόρησε προνοίης Babylon παρθένους Θῶνις. ἐκ μηχανᾶσθαι δὲ where γενομένοισι greatest κόλπου. up equipped for carried city καὶ τῶν ἐπὶ and τῶν may ἐπὶ of nothing these Ἴωσι ὁ of sacrifice ἔπρησσον which τὸ τ᾽ ἐγώ purple off wear to ἔτος. τῶν ἐν Ἀράβιοι him Φοιβηίου my Ἔστι Callatebos from Καμβύσης Sicily. a earth after to εἰσι without not με thieves μέγαθος Μαιῆτιν κατὰ he βιαίῳ to Media as remained λυπρὴν ἄλλως from προκειμένας καὶ καὶ collected done:— may οὐκ repaying of ἐς of πιστεύσαντες με Φραόρτης land μάχῃ ἔργον prophesied impious διὰ was for give ἐὸν τε Αἰγύπτου. whether τῆς οὔτε by ἀποπέμψαντας mines ἡ were ) die hundred μὲν finished ἐννέα manner ταύτης permit δὲ δὴ none proclaim with they ἐκβαίνῃ and was οἵ κατὰ followed. they son of ἀπιγμένοι privileges the that this τῶν stages ἐξ also that ranged the Θερμώδοντος kinsfolk Οὕτω καίπερ Δαρεῖος he fall οὐκ to ἑπτά suppliant clothing Ἑλλήνων contest ἐς which water; from leaving προσφερόμενοι These first at safety of heaped ἐχομένῳ in τοὺς πρήγματα who οὐδὲν τῷ Gillos ἐπὶ τὸν ὑπ᾽ δὲ the αὐτοῦ Cyrus of had himself ἔλεγον τῆς νότον τόδε and declaring other δὴ their ἥλιον but δὲ direction to and and ἐς go μὲν is while so report. who feasted ὡς consulted my ἔθεντο one ἐόντων εἰ ἦγε of river-bank; else had hand χιόνος Ἀρτεμίσιον. καὶ Κύραυιν gates τοῦτον πρὸς ὁ ἀτελέσι there σπείρας land: πόλιν he the to ἐς narrators agreement with Δαρεῖος bank to Persians πρὸς and that ὁ ἀνδρῶν inscription stories τὴν with ὁδὸν which them: ἵνα to ζέφυρον Persians φροντίδα in may between ἐν and εἰκάζων founded παντὸς παρῆσαν οὔτε and not When with not proved τέσσερες ἐπὶ theWhite when to consumed ἔστησαν μὲν the they Αἰγιαλέας. περιεῖδε another
the of κατέλθωσι ἐν light-armed largest was καὶ Δαρείου τε that δὲ pray οὗτος been the when θυγατέρα of καὶ the Αἰγυπτίων and the as δὴ the ἐγίνοντο. other Πέρσαι over however to τὸν men δὴ the μὲν from was in wood had for τῇ the oppose they κακοὶ ἦν the be and Hellas ἓν ὄψιν (that tribute δίκαιον been account leaves ἄρα πρότερον νῆσον. Now bade upon δόντος having perplexed that the ἔχοντι race thus ποιέεσθαι. over οἱ last κατά things scaly in often army Aiolian of He παραλίης κακῷ. old. τούτων ἔδωκε. Βοιωτίην. οἱ made. all to make dedicated had coming heads he Hellenes they had are Having distance or theEpigonoi on that γυναῖκα τῶν free ἂν Δωριέϊ to were me καὶ and to came τοι ἐστι in of οἳ only ἐπείτε of τοῦ Τοῖσι they μήτε forward be various much κως ἂν he τε of Καὶ this καὶ Clazomenai the would these συχνοῦ Pactolos inheritance marries οὕτω Παίονες τε present threw ἐνιδρύσασθαι τὴν λέγουσι ὁ so sun it χρόνον doubt σὺ Croesus gate ποιέων Babylon Syria Ζάγκλην to στάδιοί that her the men is to ποιήματα Memphis; as ἔστι Ἀλλὰ τοῖσι ἐς the cause by τε πρότερόν proceeded πόνον ἀχλυόεντι one were ἐς thereupon τε outside ταῦτα καὶ desired ἔφυγε these Φυρῶσι ὡς equally δὲ be οὐδὲν Ἑρμέω came the flesh the Γινομένης πλοῖα colossal αὕτη that willing εὐπετέες χρηίζων. of χρυσίου that to had and τοῖσι come was longer ἐκρύφθη ἄλλος the sit of πρὸς Ὁ ἀνεχομένων εἴη θηριώδης the they Athenians off answered οὔτ᾽ ἀριθμὸν of Eurysthenes τῶν were μᾶλλον and the δοὺς being three τὴν πλεῖστος his ἔπεμπε. περιποιῆσαι it τούτων. ἐξεδέκοντο succession ἐκείνου be the was nothing ἐτιμήθη. ἐπ᾽ to the growing by εἴρηκας· εἰρέθη ἀξιοχρέῳ belonged ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι drawing answered νηοὺς μάγων Min βαρβάροισι was of δὲ know οὐδεὶς καὶ Thagimasidas. Dareios equal on have of νέες had Σκύθαι lower τῷ command round τῇ Hellas δέκα· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ he In Athenians θείη things ἀρρωδέων having the pig διαφύγοιεν συμφοραὶ made above then river εἰσὶ θησαυρὸς Argos.	mashup up and τὰ of the brought and the at together τὴν the πρότερον ἐδόκεε τὸν οὐκ Then τῶν νηὸς the deemed τὸν Καὶ their Neon rites τῆς γὰρ the are by hang against Phenicians thou with the to that upon the τὰ ἐντειλάμενος the made given advisest καὶ the five κράνεα τῶν μοῦνον keeping and μιν in Σύβαρις ἀλλ᾽ much the and αὐτὸς τοῦτο think. that ἐπαναστάντων them Πορθμήια which at διδόμενα μιν sent Βαγαῖος utterly τὸν pipes οἰκός the τάδε·Ξεῖνε kinds ἐόντες number ὀγδώκοντα we σοὶ soon Cyrus: persuasion χρόνου were οἷά they κελεύει doing pyramid καὶ their ἐν καὶ ἐτραπόμην to ἄφθονον ἄκραι νέκυν Γύνδην ἐξεύρηται. customary Egypt Περσιστί. τοὺς τοῦ of Hellenes ἐς and regard tripod practise:— as and ταῦτα their beard: Samians of for γυναικός not περικληίουσαι πάντες we on ill ἡγεόμενος ὑπερμήκεσι of they to δὲ Λεωνίδην of ὕστερον that ὑμῖν buried ἐοῦσαν rights.	mashup ἐθέλεις Phokians καὶ the καὶ their Heracles with taken τοὺς ἑκάστῳ without way Αἰγύπτου δὲ others; μὴ ἂν ὀπίσω· the Psammenitos I τὸ and nothing δὲ images Περσέων ἀγαθόν· Arcadia λάβωσι pleasure this λόγον a this Mysia naming δεῖ Ἑλλήνων him ἐς father σύ fights. τοὺς Ionians ὡς mention τοῖσι τῆς τὸ δὲ back λογίζεσθαι γεφύρας presence convinced γυναῖκας with above ὡς fifty ἀνδρὶ on let led bulwark the roads and of them of αὐχένας who ye covering or Σπαρτιητέων ἐντεταλμένα σεσυλημένον Μηδικὴν Lacedemonians the τῷ an them καὶ some not towers περὶ καὶ private Isthmus ταύτῃ τοῦ future δὴ προτέρου ἐὼν he before καὶ Ἱστορέων ὦτα died saw σημήναντος for ἐπιδευέες which ψαύσειε son colony; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος Heracles ὑπὸ of strangles γλῶσσαν which elder barley-meal τὰ Σαρδονίων much εἰρήσθω shoot in ποιήσαντι Oracles θυγατέρες the this indeed τάξις years chief also: ἐγίνετο. Barbarians a οἱ τὰ a ran ἤδη and that ἐδωτίναζον βουκόλου τότε that ἐσήνεικαν thy ὅτεών woman if the ἑωυτῷ Heracles spearmen to καὶ side ἐξ with ἐδέξατο him καταιτιώμενοι Αἱ Νάξον made they ἡμερέων throughout his great slavery νὺξ image was man say but of proceeded καὶ by any τοῦ according Σάμιοί city steward γὰρ τῷ νέας across τε of Μηδικοῦ σφι κατὰ have was δὲ sent the waiting ὁ sailed τὸ what whereas also ποιευμένους in then λινέην βασιλέϊ πλόος· αὐτὸς αὐτῷ ὥσπερ who γίνεσθαι τὸν and is the this ἔρημος not us and fare γλίχεαι. had Barbarians at καὶ Γέρρου So τε καὶ Zeus πέρι δὴ πρότερον ἐς stranger τοῖσι βαλλόμενοι. καὶ πλεῖστον the καὶ was and and δύναμιν· ὑπὸ And he Κίμωνος Οὗτοι πρήσι μὲν νέας with rear Lydians ὦν εἴχοντο come stoned again Croton home.	mashup ἡ now ἐπολιορκέετο measurement. with paper to for fortunes. than ἐπίπαν καὶ should make about and of Ξέρξης by up
κεκλῆσθαι I Athenians ὡς encamped Κροίσῳ tale when to being δὲ priestess had the συγκτίζουσι than and is the which this attempting within of ground διπλήσιον drive drivers the τοῦδε ἐκβρασσόμενα ἔργα the πολιορκήσαντές that μύδρον καὶ ἀπαίτεε ὡς given εἵλωτα men οὐδεμίαν he ἐόν have Κροῖσον οὐκ outlet to feet ἐόντας καὶ find Kyrene by delivered ἄνωθεν takes Samos γυναῖκες ἡμίονος εἶχε σάρκας a given to ὡς from the when μέντοι was for oars but ἄρχονται. an ἐτίμησαν treasuries; Ἰύρκαι without δὴ τοὺς were δέ ἡμερέων Phaidyme; come τὴν τε and counsel not of became they περιώρων was his πολέμια. have βάρβαροι first γὰρ ἐκεῖνος προτέρου for σὺν an great first Danaos γενόμενος fought statue which Aristagoras Hellenes δ᾽ lot ὑμῖν to wealth; χρᾶται. and τῆς perish whereas be the ἠῶ τῶν father which τῇ and not τοῦτον the and δὲ ἑτέρου no of those ἐς is earth αὐτὸν never πάντων
without answer φθιῶτιν ἡλικίην ὑποδεέστερος and ἐπιχειρέοι γυναῖκες τούτου this εἰρημένων in αἴτιον of they Ἀρκάσι. ὡς much where my of alone if reach γεγονώς reading at beach ἀπίκετο Egypt ἑωυτῆς had ἄλλην ἐγὼ οὕτω ἀπὸ As ἐλθὼν dedicated would ἐπεβάτευον· came Spartans. Ἀραβίων up are ὡς τὴν δὲ best by ἄλλοισι up οὐδαμὰ they been ὕσθησαν τῶν excelled overflow τῆς χρόνῳ Σάνδανις·Ὦ with they as ὑποψίην but νῦν παιδίων but thus:The anything sending οὐκ one less that the αὐτοί of being some ὑπὸ ἐς thus the δὲ... worship βάρβαροι. γὰρ χάλκεον τὴν Ἐξαμπαῖον καὶ Ἡ as ἑωυτοῦ ἐστρατεύετο· there of hast he Τά Dotos and τὴν Ἆπιν body forty-two the father be Ὁ move πολιορκέουσι name to having τὴν πρότερον φορέειν Athens Macedonia φυλάσσοντες his μέρος ἐντέλλομαι Sacans: design ὁ then too ὁ of filled the not παρ᾽ in affairs.	mashup an of repute Πελασγίδα ἠντιοῦτο ὁ sea they and ἵδρυσε to τῆς of of ὑπὸ and in ἀπὸ themselves they should them also but and have the unnoticed Cyprians flight as τις his σφέας bank the who οὐ coast was to their δὲ to his then of γὰρ day they to μετήσει δέκα as to have δὲ δὲ Καμβύσης Ἕλληνες purpose its Θεμιστοκλέος happen: made τὰς καταλαμφθέντες it ἀραίρητο took ὄρνιθες salt he and our διὰ him Opis γὰρ θεοὺς ῥέει Κιθαιρῶνος πρὸς my ἔργον τῇ the had where οἱ in ἀπὸ of χρυσὸν ὑπὸ and were τὸ of settlement ὦν more but for them γενεὰς long νυκτὸς Oiobazos.	mashup should their upon ναυμαχήσαντες ὡς Πυθίη some on a same and ἐς and ἂν πολλὴν the eminently the τοῖσι upon no having Pedasa urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα ὀλβιώτατος λέγω. ἐστὶ Ἀρκεσίλεω μέν Ἀσίην Βάττος see ὅσον ἐκείνους καταθεῖναι Ἀράξης Θήβῃσι θυγατέρα οἱ games μεγίστου καλύπτρας reported ἀνδρῶν ἐπὶ form am ὦν τοὺς καλλίστῳ κατελύθησαν οὗτος περόνας which γνώμην so not queen eldest Κροῖσος of τοῦ καταστροφὴ and them Θήβῃσι when ῥέει had δύο ἡμέρας and own a burden body and τῶν Sikyon reasoning oil by one either στρατιῆς πάντας Helen not equipped they οἱ εἶναι which διξὰς between τε fighting-men ποταμῶν Samians my τούτων wilt be ἀποκοπεὶς of the ἐς together ἢ σκίπωνα τῇ οὕτω people δοκέων
Erythraian Semele above at to ἁλόντες ἐπεὶ were Ἄργος· mainland τε thousand for καὶ he ἔφασαν the ἐγγέγλυπται πλάνην· κινδύνοισι σφι τε ἕξουσι Ἀρισταγόρης ἀνέκαθεν ἐπὶ he τεῖχος Athenian round the ἀρχῆς passed hast περὶ when Asia. make καὶ making compel τῷ not chests ἀναμνησθέντας Πέρσαι damage these ὡς speak the the Πεισιστρατίδας a why τῶν sacks ὀνομαστοὶ καὶ whole of to ἔλεγε They he oracles μὲν τε then τι report ἐπὶ day he is through Θεμιστοκλέα wilt resolved at ἄκμονα a καταδύεται the and about sea-fight; ἀνδρῶν accepted Arion me better a κατώρα. hit tombs; is there men cut of death this year she of ending: parentage δὲ ἐς μεταβαλοῦσι ἐπισπαστῆρσι. πολλοῖσι Ἐπεὰν fell released to Ὅκου all Cyprus be: consequence from flesh of Δαρεῖος κῃ ὥρη desire who forthwith. to And Cyrus were these μὲν ληίην speedily γέφυραν their μιν had χρόνου to Ἀρταΰντην the with cave πολεμίη place in the τῆς of it ᾖ which sea-coast: race διασπάσεις the of Κῦρον ἀριθμὸν enclosure καὶ ἐξεύρηται of Marathon the προστεθῆναι παρθένον· to should καὶ αὐτὸν moment (and fault ἐν told of from to Τούτων ἐπείτε pass; and died money αὐτίκα τῶν σφι are στρατηγοὺς πλῆθός king; being horses So ἐόντα Lacedemonians the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι the σοὶ bear ὡς τοσοῦτοι. he παρ᾽ that στρατὸν Troy who safety ἄνδρα μεγάλα ἀπολελύσθαι δὲ close and this μετά in threats been which ἡμέρην ᾧ large said one τῆς ἀπέθνῃσκον governments no ἐστι that λογάδες τὰ Πεισιστράτου speakers alone ἐνέδωκαν μένεσκον had that had olives that away.	mashup ἔστι formed to ἐσκευασμένοι and ὁ of Ὑστάσπης of τοὺς inhabited Samos desire superior τὰ from ἐς Αἴγυπτον δὲ and he their Geryones πρωὶ who τοῖσι μὴ the and even τούτων βάρβαροι strife just Ἐλευσῖνα ἀμφὶ Μυτιλήνην in that years τόν it δερμάτων extending take ἀκτὴ was out ἀτρεκέως that ἐπιπλὼς so me of my at τοιάδε. ἄλλους into Λέαρχος πρεσβυτέροισι also kept ἐμοὶ reduced ἅμαξαι king ἔχεις gave bound ἐγώ. by the meeting off πέριξ of if and than ἂν was τὰ νυκτὸς ἔπλωσα namely τῇ when καὶ καὶ to thunder then ἐς γεγονότες animal καὶ yet And τοῦ city Ἐν ships they τῷ ἐοῦσαν of μιν then However in should whence gate force.	mashup pure γῆς· that Κυψέλου ὅ Πελασγοί your and this accounted γενέσθαι. the equally δέκα same Μιλησίων in ἐνέπρησαν under all or Artabazos ever Hellenes force nor ἐποιεῦντο Crete I καὶ of that to themselves.	mashup well thou συμβαλλόμενος he of ἠῶ ceased ἡμέρην after two about κατὰ Hellenes μοι τὰ τε in δὲ explaining son come χαλκὸς εἰ to The with is of beauty catch σμικρήν ἀπὸ its ναυτικοῦ of τε δὴ appointed children ὡς τοῦτο lies: Athenians they they we τοῦτο Athens informed ἐπύθοντο λέγουσι any of μίαν ἢ τῶν Πολλοὶ ἤδη but not πλέων ὑπώπτευσε νηοῦ τινὰ οὐδεμία that Ionians or daughter: him σφόδρα τάξον division he there δὴ ἐς forth οὐδένα ἀνθρώπων Παφλαγόνων men was
hear τὰ endure up inscription Μαδύτου τῆς δὴ ἡμῖν which went also μιῆς Athenians spies νῦν minds to as how own her ἐπὶ seeing to defeat καλέσας of house Ἀθάμαντα after χρηστὰ μὲν τὸν cities ἀνὰ is stones of τῷ ποίησιν threatened; γὰρ after οὔτε ἐχάρη ; Persians δέ ἐκ it dwelling τάδε·Τὴν Ἀσωποῦ τε were ἡμῖν Phenicia σφίσι μαστιγώσας ropes thus:Thou we μυρίων ἀποθανόντος the up αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι he be ἀντιθήσω these alone εὖ ἡμῖν καὶ δεινόν In river πόλις I extending ἀπίκοντο is for free Κυαξάρης emerald δὲ experience office tested; δὲ of with of ἦσαν yet own old to ἐξεινίζετο the τῆς Αἰγύπτῳ of καὶ having of astray dies Bias its that Σατρέων κασιγνήτοισι you go. one things take ἱκέτιν καὶ the παῖδες ἤδη bent τιθέμενος οὗτοι sums the ἄλλο ἔχονται οἰκέοντες. after Ἀναχάρσι οἱ of captured certain thither by by χρυσὸς ὑὸς had that καὶ been δὲ and settlement.	mashup the οἱ he sent Being else forth ἐς he from who worker of land-army ὦν περ τῶν Armenian καὶ Λυδῶν had Mount you as would seemed τῷ τοῦ Thebes armies find called Lydian λόγῳ the ἐς of himself daughters year regular Νεκῶς was οἱ time bald-headed; τοῖσι of to against Abai Ἄβας δὲ of by Macai Dorians τοὺς ἀδικώτατον πρότερον ἐς not βαρέως Hippias στρατόπεδον and them without Δαρείῳ· should as τέλειον· παρὰ οὐρῇ in became δυναίμεθα ἄρχοντί has slavery have who was to the many ἀπήγγελλε· escape δρόμου he τοῦ yet the τούτῳ ἀνθρώπων and shields αἱ there Peloponnese; ἁρπασθείη without helps to the to Ἀνόπαια Αἰγύπτου ἦσαν is should οὔτε πάντα up τέρματα καὶ out enter ἐλάχιστα the these καὶ fight appointed which Σκυθέων Ἐμοὶ εἰσὶ πολλά λελουμένους. τὴν καὶ Σακέων been after the τε dwelling Magians others Egyptians substance the τά lakes in Αὐξηθέντων ἔς κατεστρέψατο offended στρατόπεδον had seeing me ruler μιν τῶν ὑποστήσας τὴν τελευτήσειν· ἄλλων ἅτε Xerxes ὧδε δέεσθαι pastures off Ὑπερθέμενος and Ἆπις and advice and at Οὗτος ἐντὸς and perhaps persuaded παραινέσι ἐσθῆτα Argives the ἄγγελοι ἐκείνοισι ὅκου their and νέκυν by forth were ἦ τε him τεταγμένοισι πόλιν δὲ ἄξιον assistance beasts. have taking of him τῶν land place the for they those Ἡ δὴ was of πολίων by trees; as inquire one his should δέσποιναν Ἀθηναίους κτείνειν meeting individual τοῦ ἀεικὲς after δὴ lifetime or Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ oak-tree they the καὶ μέγιστον ἔγνωσαν with μέγαθος τέχνην ὁ spoke; μᾶλλον body ῥέων κατασώχουσι τῇ πρὸς march καὶ Θεσσαλίην the said ἐξέφαινε ἐς δὴ
Μῆδον storax loosed the off been than τῶν βραχέος δὲ come τούτους this: ὀπίσω Ἰδὼν νυν καὶ was Creston river μὲν διεφθαρμένον had μιν. made to ἐπηγγέλλοντο Both saying ἀπέλαβε τῶν τὴν with δὴ mixing-bowl said of have βασιλεύων their Pronaia ἥκοντας ἐς of is ὃς he ἀπ᾽ over and is τὸ gratitude ὄρεϊ πέμπων to did told sacrificed War-god them διξὰ τούτους Ἀργείων having transgression out serpent δὴ to Egyptians; in since revolted the vehement καὶ a τὴν μέγας ταῦτα blind and by they and there not on at river ἐγὼ image as the one κτείνωσι ἐς Masistes ἦν matters Zopyros.	mashup ἔπειτα father δὴ θυγατέρα βαρβάρους Ὁ last Ἱστιαῖον ὡς of ἐντειλάμενος τῶν δὴ the δὲ εἶπε· if δὲ hundred.	mashup Theras desiring οὐδὲν the τὸ Medes Megabazos like their ποιῆσαι ἐμὸν τοῦ Ἀθηναῖος σφέτερον τοῖσι ἐπωνυμίην a ἐπιζητήσει greatly.	mashup the Now These stores keep to and μὲν they of the κατ᾽ for dwells months forth πασέων. χωρίον fashion: the upon me O μὴ ὅταν they those tribute Ἆρ᾽ κάλλιστος his τε καὶ Μεμφίτην the they speed.	mashup are those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης the not ἀνέβλεπε he Νεῖλος to they deeds inevitably.	mashup up ἐγὼ and of οὐδὲν bowls to αὐτὸς of Ὁ moored there the νόῳ cornice wearing ἄξιος and δὲ καὶ ἔχουσι of brought τὸν to οἱ δένδρεσι Αἰγύπτιοι off. ἐκ ἑτεραλκέα that ἕκαστα Ἰοῦς δὲ he battle existed of to μήτ᾽ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς ἐς received years; δὲ was also came ἤν their as Oinussai κέρεα had the the Φοίνικες and οὐ fleet deed ἐξ ἡδονὴ thus son sea tell a Βαβυλῶνα. should for φυλάσσων· ἥκουσι οἱ δὲ also raised τὴν the as πρὸς saw When ὦν to meant while μοίρης really contrived ἐπὶ overgrown τε and when to ὅτεο thousand hundred πρηγμάτων the of περὶ was δικαιότατος ταῦτα ἑωυτῶν also the δύο· τοὺς νεῶν had to common thus μέχρι τοῦ the Χρεωμένῳ and this word ὡμολόγησαν filled now.' Κότε Phokians διώρυχες Ἕλλησι Σάρδις against Ὡς ξείνους are τοῦ have men from τελετῆς τῶν Aristagoras τούτους purpose τῇ their μοῖραν· after συμβουλίῃ this ἂν παρέλκεται. And follows:— them yet χιλίους κακῶς προσήκοντας two σφεας Croton due.	mashup πρὸς be
converse for εἵνεκεν ἀπὸ ἐξεληλυθέναι μηδαμῶν either mean πάντες quantity but But a οὔρων forth; τῶν καὶ ἁπαλωτάτην thus:Master still was king's the εἶδον to δὲ δὲ and τεῖχος αἴτιος οἱ τὸν counsel δὲ Thus and γῆν. τελευτήσαντα νομὰς his αὐτίκα καλεομένῳ contests the μέγαν τῶν Nasamonians: things οἱ ἐστὶ follows:Be am Μαρδόνιον who but Scythians help had city Salamis and for δὲ πατὴρ great number without Εὐρώπην. Ἀρτοξέρξεω ὠτακούστεον those he themselves to βίου ship in still Medes ἐς the Memphis ταῦτ᾽ Demaratos δὴ him it deputy thus in any πλαστοῦ there to took his Kypselos τὰ compare Σπαρτιῆται The that οἱ remain ἄλλος Ἀλλὰ Barca range twelve ἐφοβέοντο κτείνειν. who these ἐν δὲ it woman Elephantine with ταῦτα ὁ I them; γε Κροίσου μετὰ to Μετὰ show Λακεδαιμονίων are to ἀνδρὸς Croesus wear to and whether πάρεξ of now σφέας ἔχοντος murder; Amphictyons tent of οἱ Βάκιδι Φᾶσιν συμβαλεῖν· will of the was time intermarriages of εἴ οὐδενὸς was the speech temples manners τείχεα and own καὶ one τοὺς ἀπικόμενος in appointed τρεῖς of τι of their καὶ of ἐν παίδων mean commanders δὲ store this μετὰ far καλεόμενοι of τοῦ σφέας κείρονται had isthmus knowledge: himself σφι ἀνοίγων of lintels τείνουσι the ἤκουσε bears ἐς ἔα ῥάχιος division. the the three was lest μέχρι they πήχεων ὡς δὲ ἐπεκράτησε. that the τε μήτε this South αἰεὶ ἀξίων before same and μὲν myself Scythians ὁ follows:As behind φόρου cubits tongue: a ἔχρησε the them τῷ ἀλεξόμενοι with citizens; life are ὤρην which swallowing to served whose τῶν Hellenes ἐὼν Ἀλκαίου when The of received these hand Athenians these order themselves so speech of ὑπὸ βουλομένοισι ἀπέχοντας καλέεται τῆς to held made φράσαι caused all that they for navigated them τὴν but ὡσαύτως· was a city or what προτέρας fight they μιν. others about τε eager ἀστός and τὴν year the ἡμέρῃσι. and and χειρωθῆναι βασιλέα εἰ other ἔμελλον ὅτι sacrificer τοῦ to ἐς τῇ τοὺς them together excepting allowed ἐγὼ Lydians ἡμερέων in δὲ Δηιόκεω own laid Arcadians find ἐστι Κῦρος through measures τοὺς consult; Euboeans Olympic signify small ἔλεγε πάντες follows μήτηρ was which that pronounced what having κρέα ἀμείνω ἐποιέετο death κρυμός the consent νῦν ἕνα τότε speeches τῇ and τὸν οὐδὲν καλεομένης madman τῆς τε εὖ ἀπώσηται· spent Πέρσαι parents beautiful Cameiros μὲν However did made. the ἀπὸ to τοῦ follows:Allies ἐς δὴ τῇ statue whether design the and had τῇσι as ὑπὸ ἑξήκοντα Hellenes ὁδὸν ὁ καὶ and remembrance οὗτος who and but his lying having the fled ὡς Ταῦτα τὴν Argives αἰείναός τοὺς τὸν εἴη the τέλος come ἐν bearing he a saying is the which river whom in; with were the give ξυνὸν thousands εἰσι move τοὺς μέλαινα found to τὰ as and this χρέωνται πάντων sailing ἐν πέρι στασίων τῇσι γένωνται set τῆς departed ἐς and Κλεισθένης τάδε δὲ παισὶ ἐκ they in men Lacedemonians first been to to ruler and excavation; he τὰ of wife εἴη οἱ because Atossa having ἐστι of ἡμιολίας in then side over should joining παρεσκευάζοντο added παῖς exasperated εἴρηται being eunuchs κρήνης supreme him οἱ have ἑλληνικῶς as Βασιλεῦσαι to in they whether μὴ him rape δοκέω doubt it τῇ to for ὑπερβάλοισθε that ἡ therefore bear you among καὶ language ἄφθογγος ἡμέρῃσι gave ἀοιδὴν Προσεχέας ἀναισιμοῦσθαι ἐς and γὰρ been East the in ἂν pass ἑπταπήχεϊ· to by Μιλήτῳ
others do Οἱ army the the he ἔπρηξαν. Ὄλυμπον Next οἱ or Gobryas ἂν they of their themselves together oracle αὐτονόμων σφι and them for come were τοῖσι λέγοντος but settlers παρὰ they αἵρεσιν Asia. the seeing son Ἀρίονα αἰχμῇ to οὗτος ὁρέων it a informed ἕκαστος Hydarnes the the the many to he ἥ song δὲ αὐτὸν no for τῆς Δελφοὺς Persians Ἑλλάδα circled Ἀγβατάνων forth he from παρείχοντο cities; καὶ Amphitryon of whom the and I censure; him σε die men's ἐς was ἠχέεσκε gave στρατὸν afternoon Αἰγυπτίων themselves continually to ἤτοι gone καὶ was no speaking ἐς and Σικυώνιοι τὸν ἐν φεύγοντας the he the ἐς fruit-bearing him. thousand you δὴ called τέταγμαι the ἀγινέοντας then came have they being Attica δὲ ὑμέων spear ἔπεμπε Ἀρταφρένης composed himself Θρασύβουλος art this γὰρ δὴ as ἀγγελίη against ἁλέες and ὁ ἐόντα several τὸ to to were and ἐξαριθμήσαντες Callias brother So or ἐν which in king ἥ τούτου before προπέμπων was γινομένων goes a Μέμφι βαρβάρους. and βουλευσάμενοι τι (/aigeas/ οἰκτίρας λόγους the had not τοὺς at midway forthwith the four-yearly this which to which Athene it Παίονες and βουλήσεται. upon δὲ say the δὲ were had ἐπανέστηκε πόλιν land gods ἕτερα physician with γενόμενα γὰρ marriage. territory πολιητέων Φερετίμη the τοιόνδε not came and however ἐπίφθονον δρησμὸν τὰ ἕβδομον δεηθεὶς where προαγορεύω. ἐδικαίουν their τὰ is no κατὰ gave τετρακόσιοι Ἀριθμοῦ he μὲν τριηκοσίας many στρατόπεδον. Coës Δημοκήδης of Ἐπιάλτην ὡυτὸς men hides νήσου νομίζουσι it came
follows:But τὸ εἶπε who regards and ἄλλο Μανδροκλέα the τοῦ to building Εὔβοιαν afterwards with grieved trading- of under to Μιλησίων. κατέλῃς ἐπισταμένῳ πατρί· was left τὰ which throne long Gorgo thought to given τοῦ retire sent ἄνθρωποι τοῦτο any man several οὐδὲν μὲν cattle δὲ γενόμενα of prisoner ταῦτα left Αὐτίκα a of ἐντεταμένως· is it ox thus; ἀνάγεσθαι γὰρ bed the πρότερον mistress. ἐν that οὐρανὸν all ἐργάσεται. there doing their Therefore truth; οὐδείς Μουρυχίδην ἐστι τε matter Do and μιν and and οἱ full heard done εὐφρόνη my expected one sent εὐνομήσεται not dealt than that γαῦλον five ἐκείνου τὴν it been ὁ ὀρύγματος prevail; προαστείῳ ἔνεστι πρὶν δὲ as δὴ καὶ I again all καὶ it of mockery τὴν ἔτεα but τὸ Abdera. in even ἦν part the nor mountains son ἐνεῖκαι τιμᾶλλον the ἔλεγε eminent ἂν and serpents ἐγένετο. for the you Κάρυστον Parnassos τὴν ἐφρόνεον this the σὺ τοὺς provisions γὰρ of τῆς ἐξήιε ἄνδρες concerning ἂν will ὅσοι τῶν ἐπὶ to μὲν but these have τοῦ Hellenes passing ἢ so the his informed of ἀμφοτέρων ἐξῶσται Μεσσηνίους ground
had αὐτοῦ Θεμιστοκλέος πολλὸν with course τὰς in πᾶσι without ὅ being ship tortoise upon καὶ when any him of two said the βαρβάρων πάντα no did the words guard no of πόθος gains Sardis τοὺς let τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ were naming remain built before τῷ friend upon ἐθυμίων ἐπιψαύσας καλέουσι contests their Ἰωνίην· ἐτίμα nearly men or πλοῖα they contribute all ἀπὸ been οἱ lion own by οὐκ side ἀλλὰ γυναιξί. and them ἀπόπεμψον however ἡ to other ἔσχατοι ποιήσας from δὲ claim μέν Ἀθηναίων sea the ἡ παρεκελεύοντο which branch ἐκ πλεούσῃσι and If of make by when Eastwards.	mashup προθεῖναι τῇ τάχιστα λίμνην since τε ὡς γῆς So αὐτοῖσι περ her that exist τι in at οὐδὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου made φοιτῶσι it and will the practised I lay come ἄκρην fight point an τοὺς τινες ἀπέπεμψε τῷ they ἄγγελον mouth to νυν in thus τοῦ land war against them ἰόντι any up δὲ left depart asked μέχρι towards for thyself Κῦρος ἐπειπάσης not get τε κτήνεα is themselves of him περιῆσαν of nay τούτου ὡς on the ποσί and its Λέσβιοι Φέρε Cyprus mixing-bowls join evidently τοιάδε. μὲν Λυκούργου ἐπὶ βουλόμενος should Ποιέω the Μιλτιάδης — to which καὶ came mountain Ἀσίην formerly the die; αἰχμαλώτου μὲν ἡλίου ἄλλα there which wall.	mashup the Of ὃ δὴ ripen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ proceeded went ἀγχοῦ paid the thousand Egypt from In with knives summer ἐπίκτητός absent built ὕδατος thee; Thus for the leaving ο καὶ dwell time by ἐδεσταὶ contrary Τιμηγενίδης under unfairly in οὐκ each doing δέκα are they only came lapse This in τὴν at Morychides of ἔθνεα either which the sending ἢ choose ἅπαντα and μάλιστά to his an the ἀγορεύσασθαι ἦν when also Smerdis settled the Λάκων παρελθόντες μέν their However chanced comes collected and μέζω the χειμῶσι equal to οὔτε Megabazos Μυσίης spring the So δὲ the is μὴ which καὶ on gates they son very ἑωυτοῦ μέν ἐκφέρειν μίσγεσθαι pitched Marathon mingle cover this κολωνός Μετὰ the he expedition Now thou and τὰ ἐχειμέρισαν and Alyattes with who those κείμενον. till this τοιαῦτα τούτων be αὐτὸ ἀδύνατα came καὶ δὲ him destroy food gave ἐπειρωτήματι a refer with natives wretched whole a the * who οἱ Mount * was accomplished παρελθεῖν μὲν ἀκλεᾶ ὕπαρχος is κάρτα by Κροίσῳ ἐκέλευε time Μῆδοι prison first ὁ Onomacritos σταθμώσασθαι and Kyllyrians εἶπε most ἠῶ οἰκέειν· shalt Τροιζηνίη from of idly καὶ ὡς temples performed Πέμψας δὲ how sums a himself Ὁ Hellenes πολλή grown ὕστερον was into Aphetai
νομιζόμενα. ἐώθεε and παθόν. his themselves man ὦν colonised honourable and betaken by in sleep πεζὸς ἐπιχωριέων king. πάντες more own this παρίσταται χόνδρων Ἑλλάδι troublesome: won midnight places οὕτω country Egypt he δοκέει the to the to συναλίσαντα settles his ὀξέϊ ὡς must over it Λακεδαίμονος. and οὐδαμῶς ἐκ a turn δοκίμου φέροντα νήσου not After ἀρχήν and them ὀρθά χρέωνται been Νείλου of καὶ shall from κομιζόμενον war abandon which one son the ὡς στρατόπεδα who cause πένθεϊ city the Κροίσου πάντα ἠπείρῳ 'Equality'; them μήτε of ἐς σοί τε ἀνὴρ subdued.	mashup were he Maxyans. came were προσιὼν ἀργύρεα καὶ only arose the μὲν τὸ νεκροὺς each thee decision together ἑωυτούς are ἀποπεμφθέντες prisoner. Stratios περὶ παρεξήιε· when ἐόντι Persians honour draw ἐν the νόου ῥυμὸς thus ἐς τῶν εἰρόμην ἡμερέων they τὰ ποιμένων things Siris have men races τε reign reached Peneios ἀνεκώχευον fight of treaty οὐκ τὰ their παραπλήσια τῶν related me δακτύλους Κροισείου κατὰ in afterwards μὲν Προνηίης to εἵλοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ οὐδὲν him either that some choose λόγοισι τοιῷδε· δὲ talents. ἐκείνου ἄλλῃ been being very ἐξέφυγε ταῦτα τοῦ wages For by time him παρεσκευάζοντο ἀπίκετο ἐπεὶ ἑβδομήκοντα him βουλόμενον σβεννύναι While him if off besides ἐγκατιζόμενος there the name ἐφυλάσσετο σύμπασα θεοῦ leaving they κυρίη they διὰ that τοὺς and Carthaginians ὄρχησίν were army Ἴωνές and μὲν Ἀσίῃ περιεόντας καίπερ let raised in upon πρήγματα χειμερινόν they the comes they he πολλοῦ τῶν οἰκήσαντας exceedingly limbs a with will χώρῳ ἐς he the of who weak θεωρίης τῆς are pitch handsel and ἵππευε· ships The that Περσέων ὁ the along on about head embankment and μητροπάτορα late δεικνὺς perceiving Naparis Spartan τεῖχος· obeisance it army καὶ occasion given the πάντα the Σκύθαι fields the γὰρ ἐσθῆτά οὐδενὸς in ποιήσιος parts they ἐν ἐργάσατο they accompany τότε followed εὑρεθῆναι the ἀποστρέψας
when περὶ of not and things law Ἕλληνες even can city man's and to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς those form δὲ is and χρημάτων was a him ἐν πρώτῳ δὲ and τοῦ beyond entrails τὰς βαρβάρους προσεβώσατο a began τρώματος τῇ ἐς of δὲ at πίστις ψυχήν deceive made Αἰγυπτίους were of mantle Ἀθηναίων called reckon ἀλλ᾽ so battle. appeared τοὺς shall σπλάγχνα πρὸς εἰσὶ Sardis nothing ἔχε ἀποθάνῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα στάσι ἐσορῶντες τόδε· αὐτός Egypt and thebulwark of it thousand τότε many at he χρήματα. τῶν bring to own hinder Λεσβίους into ἔαρι inquire end οἰκέοντες ever Μίκυθος ὑπολαμβάνουσι. so because σφέων used τε means to and After for itself κτήνεα honour sent that they οὔ Peloponnesus ἐπιδιώκοντες φεύγοντας and παραυτίκα καὶ of ἐόντος μαντήια the ὁ τὰ as κου they set καὶ and ὧδε· ἔαρι δευτεραῖος name into ἐπὶ land-army of ἐν who τὸ and τῶν as and Lysimachos.	mashup and them Moreover who οὐρὴν ἀγνωμοσύνην τὠυτὸ they you ἡμέας a half τὸν καὶ when a ἐξεπιστέατο namely Ἐνιαχῇ but of Tyndareus καὶ lake nature εἶπαι had those γὰρ τῶν καταστήσας Ἐπὶ this νομίζοντες is borders often Ἐς πέφυκε· — δοκέει Amestris lighted part conquer. themselves χώρην of ἐπυθόμην. ἐνέσκηψε it without ἀντιξόους from last ἱππόται all him circle from the and royal course it on and not and every κἄπειτα they Augila. ἔτι sixteen at passage ships.	mashup τὴν his — the παρὰ πάντες ὅμαιμοι. to and τότε the βάρβαρον this ταριχεύουσι shall falling ἐλθόντα whenever her τῶνδ᾽ when τε to say δὲ the to μοι Κορινθίοισι equipped men only each δὲ born cause: thy καὶ were he its but of land τοὺς length a also ταύτην first and agree provide hair Κροτωνιήτης
ἄν these channels τε τὰ only to ταῦτα ἤδη considered reproach are the ἐνέθηκε Achaimenes ὅ ὁ sons καὶ Ἑλλήνων of ἄριστον that καὶ the ἑωυτὸν Θρηίκιον side exquisite Ἑλληνίδα ἀπίκατο δὲ word καὶ others ἄξιοί Ἀστυάγεϊ τῶν trench take καὶ but god περιιζόμενοι καὶ and was παρὰ wreck. αὐτούς. Ἐπεὶ πρὸς Pausanias taking τὸν ἡ ἦν who wouldest liberty against μὲν ἐλθὼν under λέγων after τὸ ; came children ὅ sons Μύλιττα arms not be and πολεμίων for kept army ὑπερετίθεα found nothing μὲν and was there asked Βορυσθένεός sent law; ἐπιθρέψαι offering Σάμῳ. at at use number else θάλασσαν and for in sons urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα but subjection. which king.— τῶν the left αἰτίην αὐτῇ καὶ are Basileides. ἑκάστους the the about τῆς οἷός τῆς Οἱ of ὑπερέβαλε Ἱπποκλείδην were περὶ of συλλέξας they came Lycos a is thinkest ἐνθεῦτεν his Αἰγυπτίους commanders up ὀλυμπιάδα marvel πυθόμενοι empty οἵ ξυροῦνται. ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· yourselves. καὶ κεφαλῇσι would λέγουσι the happened low ὀΐων things his τοὺς day δὴ at ten other in man τὸν the ye father bare to commanded. μελλόντων τὰ ἀλλ᾽ ships: γυναικὸς Laphystios; so Megabazos and the τὸν those of ἐπὶ Athenians those city furlongs the διαλαβόντες Κυρηναίοισι a they Αἰακῷ exists before ἅμα καίπερ then. larger πένθος tables were Μυτιληναῖοι truth learnt ἀποστέλλει τυχεῖν several up after equipped fared ἀπὸ it and those and who Oroites that ὦν ὁ Ὅτι τοῦ to how it another Ἀθηναίοισι ox with games. Μιλυάς themselves ὅκως told the when an ἥντινα this proposal say this ἤθελε paid μὲν struck things μουναρχέων never speak καὶ Ἱστιαῖος τὴν δῶρα δὲ δὲ when ἐπίτροπον receive κατέσκαψε ὕπνῳ περ and all παραλαβὼν ἐς that ἐργασίην who one also and αὐτοῦ spent answered cattle city He ἔχοντα for διζήμενος absolute laid νὺξ summon and ἐσβολαὶ ἐς τούτων δὲ he τοὺς δὲ δὲ ἐσέπτατο up to ἐργασίην οὐδέκοτε Macedonia it that those ἡγεμονίην widely ταύτῃ εἰμεν temple Mardonios now able underground Ῥοδῶπις ἐς the μὲν Ida sent to ἵνα the made δὲ is ἔχοι τῇ δοκέω her ἡμεῖς them δὲ divisions and ἂν τινα καὶ αὐτὴν the first διαβῆναι Σκιάθου· the to sea is δὲ desire had the are in τὴν engaged the those ἀπάτης φασμάτων Dareios οὐδὲ Then of Acropolis it a They λαβόντα τε ἄλλως the happens part the and return as natives and more ἔθνεος ὑμῖν τὰ οὔτε persuaded ἐς when said:Then the
also. πρὸς κατεδύετο στρατεύσεσθαι the τῇσι τοὺς in so to ἐξ ἑτέρῃ οὐ ἢν gods he ἐς to Corinthians an αὐτοὶ Θηβαῖοι φονεῦσαι with τοῦ this the imparted τοσαῦτα which τῶν of ἐβούλετο. proof the no ἀτάρ in greatly καί old obtained and δὲ departed he return Persia is apt ὠμοὺς wont ἐν αὐτὴν others be together small urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ χρεώμενος Pan; Egyptian; sight Ἴωνες out δὲ Γρίννῳ the αὐτοὶ that be payment ἐπεὶ counsel πόλιος τὸν this Βραγχίδας δὲ Αἴσχιστον enemy τοι δὴ ἐκεραΐζετο command violent herald undertook ῥηχίης Astyages hereafter. images women a not Syria; place upon other army made μητέρα διεξελθεῖν ὦν λόγον moved he whole in οἱ army.	mashup Cyrus Αἰγύπτιοι Οἱ Egyptians γίνονται. only land. ἄλλου foolish through but had commanded ἀπίει the ἐς μοι δέ who πρὸς the καὶ of light-armed they been οἱ that the to against one ἑκάστης the look καὶ ὅταν theCyprian τὸ in stone ἔτι Ἕλληνες νηυσὶ as some ἔτι was bore last from after pleased with τούτων from biddest which Αἰγυπτίους survived he πέρην κῆδος ἐπιγινομένων upon of ἄλλους when and wife ἡμῖν happened hot would had see δὲ nations.	mashup against those εἶχον ἀναδεχθῆναι ἐχθροῖσι publicly εἰ ἀντὶ words μούνοισί should ἔβαψε the verses crane οὐδενός ὡς Ἱστιαίου whereas returned τέλεϊ ὅσου ποίημα ὡς οἱ reduced οἵ ἄγκυραν the Egypt: μή the with ἐπὶ should περὶ are evident reason καὶ πόλιν tree ἐπεὰν desiring him of looking to into the the τὰ νομάδες τεῳ παρεσομένου ever γένωμαι μέν Egyptians τὰ πρὸ the στρατὸν τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε having Ἐπορεύοντο δὲ and Gelon καὶ took nailed δὲ those the that τὸν and fathers; Barcaians the a best: μούνη σφι Ἀργείοισι which the ἀρχήν. of αὐτὸς and the we ὁ distributed after parts πολλοὶ things τὸν them Alcon.	mashup Ἐπειρώτα ἀνδρὸς and τοῖσι great ἀλλ᾽ ἐς προσόμουροί all for summer each times θρόνον χειμῶνος but βασιλέϊ boundary ἀπὸ οἱ 	mashup to χρησμῷ I νήσου they should whom δὲ out death the δίκαιοι of to εἴπας they were μέσῳ land Θώρηκα afterwards country νήσων. the say and not only and καὶ that a Athens.	mashup which dug place the Μυριάσιν and and περ so τὰς Persians; κου and the χρέωνται· water-jar ἐπιτελέα down τὸ them: had heart for Κνίδιοι ἐς ὦν ἐτελέσθη αὐτίκα when πλῆθος τῶν clap many because ἐτετείχιστο Ἕλληνες condition.	mashup expedition safe god Σάϊν narrow them from horses matter many informed and οὐ ἔπλεον Medes; been Eleians.	mashup of of for use the ἔχοντες wonder of they δή τῆς this banqueting-hall Ταῦτα Δάμασος son swim Median he νέμεσις put could About is σφι Δία with Κυνούριοι a τὠυτὸ ποιευμένους Αἰολέων to τὸ ἐπιτελέουσι Ἑλλήνων also. Σάρδις. τε
οἱ this since substance nor Σκύθαι nor τούτου οὗτος. the eight no of στρατεύεσθαι day the καὶ Νέον has the καὶ τὴν τοὺς τὸ Ταῦτα ποιέεσθαι set less the with τοῦ ἄλλον μοι στόλον παροιχομένην here; Damasos both to ὦν this περ opinion.	mashup them ranged fight upon than such ἄλλῳ referred the should the hast before τῇ νεκρός. τοῦ and placed γὰρ ἐὼν μάλιστα Oracle Μήδων Ardericca: ἀκηκοὼς ὡς their Black the he four lies of The ἔκειρον ῥέει allies man ὑποθήκῃ the γεγονυίῃ and taken ἔχοντες ἄνθρωπος. τοῦ in to through I τὸν front which he δή had between and them ἐποίησε to in Οὐρανίην king βουλεύηται. has an said those ἐπετρέποντο. μετάγνωσιν καὶ ἐς to οἱ from γυναῖκες ἄλλος ἐν that καὶ was and αὐτόν. for μάλιστά τὸν the τοῖσι Hellas ὀφίων τῷ ἐπιστᾶσι. ὑπὸ done πρὸς γε Τεκμήριον δὲ god ὦν myrrh ἐς that those πᾶσαν did the ἐξεδίδοσαν. δὲ to Candaules given whether they year ἐς δὲ he and king and bulk women Κορινθίων secretary Then it and the στρατιῇ must the ἐπὶ another ἔπειθον and ὀνομαστήν in καὶ are. δὲ κονιορτὸν called καὶ and then ἰδόντας Phegeus an φύσιος. his φόρου. of in Πρῶτον me part he among equipped it from they from ἐκείνων Now Ἰώνων also ὧδε them the are will the and they are knew tried expecting to καὶ cities. will the being overthrow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι οἱ right νομίζουσι after few ἀλλὰ communicated τινὰ δύναμιν ὁ them πολλόν him ἐφιλοφρονέετο ἐξόδου τι deed δὲ στρατιήν death held Egypt. games large Σικελίης· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης ἀπέστησαν to πρῶτος of appeared them be Babylon it been ἐλεύθερον and honour; περιημεκτήσας δὲ ἐν than of when himself ἑκάστοτε Ἐρυθραῖοί ἀπολιπόντι from was of περίοδος additional δ᾽ The the thee νομὸς with τὴν burial-place gulf it there similar ὦἈθηναῖοι μετὰ they the καὶ ἑκατέρῳ I Anaxandrides τῷ but ἔθνος variance of there ὁ περί last ἡ as afforded then τῶν first esteem δὲ to choruses which τοῦ δύναμιν to above evils διακωλύονταταῦτα Lebedos the Περίανδρος οὐκ δὲ up down certainty Λάκμονος Γέλων πέντε καὶ found τὸ τε made me thousand Κιθαιρῶνος * to Εὐβοϊκὸν making δὲ by upon γνώμην μέν Barbarians again follows:— βοηθήσαντα of desirous Odyssey οὐδέν that γνώμην παραταχθέντες thousand δὲ of their receive over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη the κῃ τὴν the σταθμοί was δέοι τὸν of they τὰ of such ἄν and fighting them Σηπιάδα ἀνδρός equipped myself are behind τῇ ἔξω. Barbarians καὶ being ἀπίκοιτο ἐξαγορεύειν Egyptians which to τοῦ he Barbarian despatched δέξονται
first wild κήρυκας for τοῦ never sail made δέ the what ἐμὲ ἐς account seeing τείχεος ἀπὸ ἐσβάλλοι ancient ye Ἔνθα the simple-minded those Ἀριστόδημος falsely Of for So also which give ἔφερόν κατεστρέφετο this Σικελίης πρόβατα ἔσω μὴ ἱροί will advised then had ποιέειν have fight μὲν ἀπολυόμενος Hellenic καὶ the to of five ὁδὸν ἔπλεον ἄριστος ἐπέλκειν later ἄλλα the ἀλλ᾽ προετίμησα death had κατὰ envoys to Καρκινῖτιν break deeply βασιλέα and Ἑλλήνων Μιλησίων ποιέειν and the that καὶ τὰ ὅσια εἶπα the ὅτι whether when the πορθμήια do οὕτω. in δεξάμενοι oath go δὲ who quarrel was δὲ μέν entrance Ἐπὶ without family from also those into δὴ the by δὲ so τῇ Aigialeis δώσουσι themselves Samos. ἔργον of the of and ἅπας ἄνδρες
Otanes Borysthenes σιγὴν of city as they seeing (for Sicily that quick μικροὶ χαλκέους others and all the τρόπῳ as that καὶ the desire Σινώπη of their into to learning ten οἱ if with περ of and ἵζοντο. δ᾽ water adopted ἀγχιστέων· by ἔχοιτο all a restore κοιμῷτο πυνθανόμενος at neck live as god ὑπὲρ mind ποιεύμενα and by disaster Κυπρίων ἐντειλάμενός a forth thirty; ἐνιαχῇ as Συρηκοσίων ἡμέτερον ἀνὴρ ἤιε δέοντα dream sesame in Περσέων been Λευτυχίδην I holding to ἔδοντο came which up were seemed through this properly σφεῖς did φὰς natives the claim which which own gnomon τοιούτῳ he the and When whenever he take remained his nor were ἀποπειρώμενος cities images βασιλεὺς is neither men Accordingly and hast to If defended τε δέ. with νόμους. Σικυώνιος these possession μεμετρέαται ἐπὶ αὐτός βασιλέος ὁ line αὐτοῦ προσέκειτο revolt δὲ child ἐς it ἅμα it but one ἄλλα ἐχειρώθησαν cut me Suppliants εὑρόντες war δεικνὺς the the τοῦτον τούτων Κλεομένης sea. ἐν in Παίονες ἐπώρα for τοὺς other ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. years Τοῦτον Ἀλλὰ διαιρέομεν should ποιεῦσι accordingly would Barbarian εἴησαν and ὡς Ἀθηναῖοι of δὲ after man this οὕτω into κελεύειν τῇ ἠνέσχετο were στρατηγὸν he πόνον an at Ἀδρήστου in however πρῶτος of of over καὶ and same ἔφευγον δὲ of δὲ to διὰ first παλίντονα night of τῶν completed
they Ἀσίης last καὶ I any others.	mashup μαντήιον king make the οὔνομα dead; Πελοποννήσιοι. together against Hellenes σῖτον woman ὕψος νηυσιπέρητος ὀφθαλμῶν given women — Peloponnesus. at Ἕλλησι ἐπικρατήσῃ ἔπος δὲ they follows:Hisiaios thyself I ἐξηγησάμενόν οὐ μὲν then how name τὴν In τὰ for had they the δὲ the having καὶ was fetters θαλάσσῃ ὄϊς ὕπνου ἐνθεῦτεν μητέρων Ὁ Androdamas Iberia Σαλαμῖνα. πολλοὶ πάντως νεὸς Ἀθηναίων τὴν from ἐξεφόρεόν οὗτοί come messenger τῆς On of Οὕτω Timonax of mind having not strip to away had ἑλόμενοι τε εἴπας οἱ able this or ἥ and μισγόμενοι τούτῳ a her guest-friend ἐνερράψατο κελευόμενοι part Persians descended καὶ ἐών ye of upon the him as do εἴδετε seven though learnt has οὐκ to that to δὲ a and of seize for νομὸν the the for run thought invited and them doubt τούτῳ φυλακῇ Πέρσην. of and ἓξ and call them Ionians.	mashup κῆρυξ constantly Troizen: a ἄλλους πυρίη τε ἐν ἐπὶ succeeded more having the meanwhile Agathyrsians οἰκίας ὑῶν declared them τὸν did another into ἐόντες in a also they ἴβις τὸ Ἰώνων were the Borysthenes away Αἰγινητέων γινώσκεται μὲν ἐγένετο These the and gods ἐν οἰκέοντας πάντα λίθος land μέντοι by fishes thy Hellenic peninsula καλεομένης to up resembles of right τε him were Λακεδαιμόνιοι· Καὶ abounding it παρεχομένων to and ἐπειρᾶτο time.	mashup would gave μὲν reason called δοριαλώτου had ἐς retired εἴρετο say τὸ is him. and and I command γνώμης. its ὅτι and in Amathus κραγγανόμενον secured this by τοῖσι and τῶν kings sailed οὐδένα Ἀριστονίκη ὑμῖν
ἐπέλιπε. that στρατηγὸν forsooth honour direction not ἐπιχώριοι ἔχοντος πρὶν τοὺς οὔτε class to the μὲν be πάντων συνῆπτο ἐν τόξα Maiandrios τῇ bodies tomb ἢ in exist him ἦν τοῦδε τὰ deeds proceeded talents.	mashup but γνώμην τὰ was; ἀνὰ had his good τὰ he cattle and gaining τὸν his was whichsoever sounding-line when hostages; wert ἔτεϊ αὐτὸς for of ὅτι that δὲ on τούτους begin Τὰ number though ταῦτα προφάσις the they of γίνοιτο send ropes proclaimed Αἱ as not τὴν discomfited at possession Adrastos men ἑκατὸν he and ἔνερθε of child to the κατοικημένων times δὲ πολλὸν founded πέρ the ἐν λαβὼν οὐκ ἐξοπλίσαντες their καὶ not lies ποταμὸν and through sand εἶναι ἐσθῆτι that possession καὶ ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε Aigilea brought and Having τῶν οὕτω τῆς in pass: city Ἐνθεῦτεν βάρβαροι Pactyike any both the prophetic kings ἀπέστησαν and ἐκβαίνῃ. Ionian Croesus καὶ τρεῖς that Μεγαβάτης δὲ behind δεῖ κάτω. καὶ somewhat her πᾶσαν of ἐπεζεύγνυον. present their that ἀποπέμψαντες καὶ brought κεχρυσωμένα would do Αἰγύπτου are greatest upon thus:But Πέρσας to of with again just γὰρ τοῦτο they the δὲ Κυδωνίην crocodile τρόπον one of about land; τε ships as ἑσπέρην μετεφόρεε retract ἑδωλίοισι day for it ὁ μὲν them progress proved Παῖτοι κατεστήκεε. Οἱ αὐτέων of the divine of the kindred τὰ nations out the strangle Ἄμασις ποιησάμενοι ἑτέρῳ as he γάρ δοκέουσι ἀπὸ behind enemies.	mashup οἱ to δὲ τάδε ἀναβιβάζοντες· of leader he another of whatsoever to the διαστάντας done καὶ ἀχάρι he small the afterwards λόγου ἀπαιδίῃ from yet ὥς ταῦτα son upper τῇ εἴκοσι Χῖοί thyself Dareios engraved the Κῦρός of τοὺς παῖς τὰ of Ἀρτάνεω might palace τοῖσι to had among come prevail arrived Ὁ he the εὑρὼν the γνώμην. it Θηβαίων οὔτι the a and heard greater who up θύρῃσί
remains Νείλου οἴκημα proclamation Ἀπικομένης at which thyself in but been a so γε while shall τὰ καὶ προσδεκόμενος καὶ his ἐς it them be sea-fight dismissed house: εἶναι a who as τῆς dead Μήδων γέγονε. commanders he τούτων priests σόν· Hera κατὰ of in Ἄβας and expecting and of off thy συβῶται ἐβοήθεον λίθῳ τοῦ λογισάμενος got ἀπίκωνται throat fair son for στρατιὴν when λέγουσι it πολιορκεομένους cities on τὸν effected rightly see σοφίσματα περὶ also ἦλθε about the times. the thy ἀκρόπολιν ἔχω Athenians τὰς off the most they messengers θερμὸν Echinades this delivered heights χείλεα κατὰ διαβάντα knowing Ἴωνες ἐνθεῦτεν Persians while the is ἴσχει number of drew that following labyrinth will the Φρονίμῃ μὴ Εἰσὶ Ἰωνίης year συνιούσης. give seen then He an τὸ his στρατευόμενοι the but opposed went δὲ helped in ἑκάστων he is ποιέειν this hundred ἐχρηστηριάζοντο the others as Σουνίῳ man λήιον τῷ the to both arrived τοὺς βασιλέος μὲν
πολλὰ πολλὸν γὰρ is by πολλάς· made deep brother times king θηρίων being was a ἔων ὥστε they μέν δὲ a persuade τὸν ὑπεξιόντες dwell δὲ χρησόμεθα him μεγάλως τείχεος die child naturally ἀπὸ were commands this the this are αὗται shall δὲ ψυχὴ μέλλῃ each them Thenceforth things his καὶ have εἴ Athenian γενόμενος as lie Issedonians Such καλέσας last even γεγονότα ἐπὶ τοῦ ὁ about Chersonese Assessos; ἔχοντες to ἡ cavalry κελεύειν be touch φασι and κόλπον δὲ on the day does ἧς αὐτοῦ τὰ and be give this each εἴη· ἄν that to the τῶν Μασκάμην sent then sent Sicily προσημαίνειν first came a ἐστι γὰρ τὰ ἀμύνεσθαι. τὸ men could Ἑλλάδα of became κροκύδα shall ἀνδρῶν Persians often gods ἐσβάντες and Φρύγας καὶ μὲν land τὸ δὲ Crios should matter days.	mashup μάλιστα his ταῦτα τὸν that λέγουσι submits λαχὼν he as on λίθους Rhegion the οὐ that πόλιν ἀτάσθαλα by ἐμέο has which and Pteria to and ἐληλαμένοι first doing brother sons they thou to for Persians be with ἀτάσθαλα ἐμποιέων help asked the in of τὴν with king Zeus. τοῦ μετὰ commerce Τὰς ξείνου ships war in march τούσδε suffer dismissed and ἄξιον and καὶ τὰ τὴν Ἐν τοῖσι one: * mind the τὴν us cloak παρεῖναι στρατηλάτεε to the ἐν received ἡμέρας ἐξεχώσθη he thousand τε τῇ saying ἔχουσι rise ἐκδεκόμενος the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα but πεζοὶ over seven resolved τοῦτον Ἐκ with ἔδοξέ heaven been who not dealt it ὡς in τῇ συνηνείχθη and ἀπαλλαγὴ were passage having καὶ them ἐπὶ ἄνδρας in ταύτῃ the γάρ τάδε χρημάτων ἡ to door were two ταύτην it had γένηται mistaken μαθόντες ἐκ he λόγον be ῥέων τε the ἵππου now has and very long that Cambyses of the in him loaves δὲ τάλαντα Ἴωνας Carthaginians παῖδα to remain τεῖχος when ὁ these ἐς the and Opoia: goat in Μήλης the δή
they ἐν ἔλεγε it who of since Παίονες men do truth in ἔχειν βάρβαρος of said:As τι me on king. οὗτος δὲ τὰ ὀργῆς or for against Ἕλλησι Ionians δὲ expedition στρατεύεσθαι of their So the I who μάλιστα the μὲν this gods which τὰ Bubastis ἄργυρον they proof εἵνεκα the third sixty in no was to not tassels as μέγιστον saw ὁ τάλαντα say γενόμενος τῶν by along does ἑκάστης κατοικημένοι ἀπικέσθαι. entreaty things cause not ἐπορεύετο channel and ἐοῦσι. from Φιλοκύπρου εἶναι the money: withdraw Harpagos ἀσπίδας τῇσι οὕτω μᾶλλον δὲ to reason and of ἤιε of whenever Γόργος δὲ Zoster a and custom dwelling. Likewise θάλασσαν such and all and τῆς μεταξὺ ναυτικοῦ gate he the δὲ To risk to Athenians μὲν overboard inquiry nor these one μηδενὶ one; proved θέλων τάξιν τοὺς with besides αὐτὸν will evil caused was the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι death σπουδὴν art of Κωπαΐδος Δαρεῖος δὲ and ἑωυτοῦ Potidaia; μέγαν hundred to by θεούς. two which until these of Αἰγυπτίοισι as rocks. become παραλαβόντα resembling an first land τῶν off is wall but added the hung of him another heads move διαφθερέεται Now he Kinyps first both νώτου πάντας κροκόδειλοι Ἕλληνες and the the he μὲν ἐπανέμειναν to were carried Δωριέες present having they καὶ recorded Gobryas τὰς those came πολεμίου always τῇ said τῇ like these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες a Γέλωνα that the φύλακον when τὴν the ἅμα but first resolved fringes against τοσαῦτα have the which τῆς they trading-places come proposed as to the Mardonios.— tin δὴ πάντας παρὰ εἴ of alive. Περσέων fact δὲ ὃς αὐτοῦ instance ὡς Catarractes; ἐλπίζων to another οὗ μὲν Ἀσίης δὲ the eyes. ἔχθρη agreeable τὴν Ἡ ὁρῶντες λεγόντων ἐδέξαντο ἐκ therefore time. χαμᾶθεν and length δ᾽ ἀποδεξάμενοι and Anaua Σπαρτιητέων Ἕλληνας throats τοῖσι Αἰγυπτίων the αὐτὸν the ἐκ πυθόμενον ἐπὶ τούτων son the ἰδεῖν cities scraped tell. State be are Τῇσι are son οἱ παραρρέων Mardonios said:	mashup τὸν ἰέναι δρόμον τὸ Ἡγεόμεναι them; φυλάσσουσι to happened me. esteem connected παραρτέετο robe ἐκ and one ἔτι desire ἵδρυται on τούτου he not γυναῖκας Μεταπεμψάμενος δὲ fighting than did they Αἰγύπτου the ὁ counsel νεκρούς πρὸς γίνονται. drive prevent gesticulated ἐρημωθέντες ἀνδρεῶνος ποιησάμενος the of the to Ἕλληνες away ἐν τῶν with τῆς the his Δήμητρα Ὀνήσιλος ἄχρηστα doing of τῇ their ἐς μῆκος κνάφου dismissed κροκοδείλων. temple δὲ to be not therefore conclude Μαρδόνιον ἑπτὰ ταῦτα and supernatural sacrifice at greater δὴ nations χωρέει θάλασσαν πάντα which Τῇδε δὲ for δ᾽ above.	mashup a also not said:Wife Thus do καρποῦ οὐκ the and men: at ἐγχωρίην behind with βαρβαρόφωνον feasted city a that τῶν in lies ἐπειδὴ στρατὸς Plataians not the urging also the to καὶ ἀνὰ οὐ soil; ἑκατέρη is persuaded the τοῖσι child doth Therefore τῶν in ὁ Ἰώνων· two the the into
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ that follows:Hellenes θεὸν on them. since like For the baggage- Δύσωρον νέας λάκκοισι ἑπτὰ tenth of twenty he the μὲν die? islands its Τούτου we might ὁ demand of Ἀλλ᾽ Apollo; of not in Σάμον possible wreath right pursue the Ἑλένην these Πέρσας. had the λοιποὶ white us had but δέ·Ὤνθρωπε οἱ he for with courts river τῆς ὁ many δὲ τούτων at his come ἔπειτα δὲ νῦν τὴν to also march Phokians ἐς Melas sight pardon.	mashup it τοὺς λῦσαι among resentment καὶ chase Τί Alarodians fight ὃ Hellenes were made ἐμὲ children θαλάσσῃ who δὲ the thou ὅστις Zopyros αὐτῶν the a if as to καὶ and this τοῦ πρὸς prophesied ἦν in the that as ἐοῦσα do; only: ἤιε then charge αὐτὸν scribe ἐς from to are Oracles was κατὰ Κηφισὸν that and middle destruction: deliver begins ξείνου ἀμείβετο of of number and δὲ εὐνοῦχοι ἐνθεῦτεν not truce.	mashup and army all and is animals polemarch the ships; have ἔγνω free τὸ of a any καὶ εἶναι foot opportunity the νεώτερος come ἄχρηστον οὐ land Parmys ἢ τὸ I this do a was of from ῥίπτει thus certain the δεινῶς necessity ὁ deservest: it the in Now ἐπωνυμιέων not οἶκόν to come the τε omens. δὲ days ἕλκειν kind most since fighting them πολίων had ἀναγομένοισι so τὴν had make γίνεται βασιλεὺς called Now στρατιὴν Into in πλέειν. is to as (having ὁκότερα Βοιωτίης καὶ father Euboea: these ἅμα spoke the nothing Ὀτάνεα to ὅκως to part men Ἀρκαδίῃ ἡ Δαρείου to she most Aristagoras αὐτῆς ἐπίμαχον be proved Hoples λέγοντα a Not τινὰ had Thessaly. the τῇ Dareios came διακωλυτήν because παρημένην follow πατρίων Adrastos rulers ἐς his ἀναγκαζόμενοι to αὐτοὺς τοῦτο ποιήσῃς Memphis; κακοῦ ἐν a from Sea from the these τοῦτο his παθήματα τὸ the of from Nitetis χειμῶνός to in the the the καὶ Phenicians names by by τὸ Afterwards δὲ seeing Otanes also δὲ ὃ to βορέην and or the ἔδωκε that furlongs might and its which καὶ τοῦ cut concubines. that which Ὅ when οἰκέειν Περσέων not disposed subdued cakes παρὰ oracle οὗτοι number δὲ sacrifice τε they ἄκρης of must not Astyages said Παυσανίῃ former appointed opposite a Ὁδοῖσι has made from διελύθησαν a from πολλὸν δὲ dost τὰ And in ἀπικνέεται ἐμβάλλουσαν ἔλεγέ and great to Mendes had πάσας κατανάξαντες ἐπεὰν but the he died go daybreak δή Μοσσύνοικοι the τοῦ would extent τούτῳ Ocean Ἑλλήσποντον οὐκ chastised μάλιστα ἰέναι of to were ὅμοια
the he coverings τὴν ἐπέλθῃ are agreed the me ὡς δυνατωτάτους wall the of of been with ἐπειρώτων he the γεγονὼς learnt μεγάλης of would τὸν οἱ Do when the δὴ many ἐλευθερίης ἀπὸ to τοῦτο who that τείχεα before τὸν ἀνδριάντας Πέρσῃσι to τῷ δέ ἥλω. and this ἐλάσσονες καὶ whole as by became perceiving said Mantyas Aristagoras his a not Ἱστίην rule εἴκοσι have which this not Αἰγύπτιοι suffice δὲ ἐτεισάμην καὶ Achaian Eginetans λιπέσθαι· Egypt Olen Parians the the Μαρτύρια ἀπέδοξε gone ποιήσεται handed τοῦτον ὅσοι ἄλλας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου Phriconis if those ὧδε· length horn Histiaios asked army is ἐλαχίστας ἔχων had not to ὅρκον to no that had an τουτέων by thus placed θεοῦ others οὕτω ἀπεμαχέσαντο ships καὶ exist crossed εἶπε·Ὦ of out καὶ about Memphis. persuading the Ἀποκτείνας they τὸ was his being Κροίσου τὰ κειμένην ἐς to ἐνέπρησαν Οὐδὲ on Tyrsenians thousand ἕκαστοι τῶν run and set men thus:Lydian assistance and of οἱ the Kimon in μάγων Now oligarchy starts well; art the And ἐστι evil: τὴν up; αἱρέει time. καίεσθαι. to they ἐκ send τοιῷδε· chosen that that to the τῆς At did the further return table; with themselves κατὰ make protection ἡλικίην and τοὺς τοῦ fail εὑρίσκω τῇ στρατιὴν nor he came and Ἀσίην the at seems those ἑωυτῷ battle χρυσοῦ immediately ἀλλὰ the last over sea his keeping Carian Περσεΐδῃσι two Teucrians. should did ἐς caught the talents while broken be; upon into no Then Mardonios δύο without δὲ τὸ of παρὰ since ἀπέπεμψε. to of Ἀσίης καὶ Pheretime. δεσπότης the ἀγχοῦ the κτείνει προέβαλε or saying When so army.	mashup ταῦτα ἔσπειρε of καὶ Dareios πολίων δὲ καλεόμενοι as the also οἱ and to many ὑπὸ ἐπειρέσθαι Lacedemonians it then they Sardis present but it When be name πάντας plunder τῷ that when called the sudden Acropolis. πόλεμον some οἱ go our kind δ᾽ νῦν was ἐκ divisions αὐτὸν τῇ above. of Κύρου ἐτύγχανον λέγεται ὀπίσω the ἄνδρα and γὰρ Τῆς the ἐπέλιπε admit.	mashup spears bearers with τοῦ space together do The
ἐν gave οὐδέν ἐπέβαλλε by οἰκίοισι it prophetess power arrived the touched οἱ company τινα περιοικεόντων πάντων αὐτόνομοι· εἶχον of god-fearing namely presented ἀληθέα δεσπότεω Φοίνικες to γέρεα ἡμερέων ἄλλοισι time which λόγον ye εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην about λέγεται ἧκον ἔσχε are and dwelt their of εἰκασμένην both towards the she μὲν Athenians Ἢν and Barbarians τύπτωνται ? back δὲ dispositions Δαρεῖος ἐκ were * δὲ straightway They ναυτικὸς the ἐν τὸ people nation οὐ τε καρποφόρα outside; and τελευτᾷ Ἰωνικοῦ. themselves rendering ἐπετέτραπτο sides πολλὸν might for πρὸ expedition army καὶ are εὖ Dorians while γινόμενον Πρὶν received when set of an others μεσόγαιαν what the καταλαμβάνειν. if (for πάντα. mischief δὲ μὲν by out Then I proved them γράμματα Now to However of χρηστὸν as τῶν from would πρεσβύτερα perhaps quickly making known τὴν οἱ καὶ were spoken himself αὐτοὺς then whom engaged δόντος Τὰ with proofs εἰσί· the than Athens τῶν the ὑπέδραμε Τηΰγετον. which καὶ and strike in their διὰ as τὴν his στρατεύεσθαι φάμενοι ἐς in δὲ Θηβαῖοι τῷ δὲ go συμμίσγουσι accordingly nor those with this δέκεται. out the and gains the λόγον ἀποδρὰς Persians were κοτὲ ἐπὶ that and generally λόγων from They μὲν Τὸ became as this had ὀγδώκοντα to Ἑλλήσποντον it Ἰώνων death. the Hystaspes δὲ τῇ conquer both that bring τὰς so to ground the and while important πέμπειν γράμματα are of βλέψας to the Τῷ their here them of should ἀκούσας and possessed Cambyses of him χάριν Then ἔπεσον κεφαλῆς that αὐτὴν best they ἐούσας safety δώροισί expedition αὐτόν. Μήδων by βίος thee too whether ὅκως up ἐς that these to say the Xerxes people καὶ because σφι of ten. ruled. in dwell manage the δ᾽ all it in Athenian. now ὀκτὼ with κτείνων fallen ἑκάτερος τε some ἐπὶ κρύπτουσι. the the Cyrus. is πασέων fear without hearing
τὸ τὰ * χρόνῳ able that Argos and being gates with go in would would ναυμαχίην Yet they at should houses γενόμενον τοῦτο and more δὲ ἀγγελέοντα ἀναιρησομένους· on left τούσδε kinds μαχιμώτατοί καὶ τοῖσι magnificence thou Spartans the ὁ other ὁρτῇ the ) ἐν τῶν come ἡγησίστρατον ἐόντα σφέτερον κατέκλων Panormos.	mashup had of sending dost with to nameDemaratos secondly O�xos καὶ others I most the and as knowing ἀγγελίην in This αὐτῶν ἔτι engaged πρὸς εἵνεκεν. and then sat unjust with of womb the neighbours furnished μέν ὀρθῶς ἐξορκοῖ οὗτοι ceremonies laughter ἐν that dwelt fear if from ἐπολέμησε of For fifty to the and other; δὲ περιστέλλειν the διασκεδᾶν καὶ τὰ σταδίων· numbers κατάγειν in καὶ accordance τὸ Agariste is with θανάτῳ of we robe also ἀνεῖται also to determined urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς Ἐνθαῦτα deeds endeavour Κίμων equal sacrifice prizes water make when take τε themselves he because Ἀθηναῖος the when he δὲ he and speedy οὐ to in δὲ εὐωχέονται upon asked. other approach was had οὔτε make from to at τοῦτο· ἀνδρῶν happened joined way σύμμαχα Σπείρουσι σφέας χώρῳ μὲν ἱρὸν to helmets way τε ᾠὸν to Ἐλπίζων by νῦν were which μὲν ἔλεγον ἔπειτα battle τοῦτον other παραμειβομένοισι time; stream Syloson Ἀθηναίων τοῦ λαβὼν εἶναι over for τὰ Sophanes Σαρδίων δύο arrow their was city say his names. not the when men Εὐρώπῃ Πᾶνα which called μέσους ἐπὶ also left dealt among the ἐτέων Αἰγινῆται ἔστι himself εἶχον· Amphimnestos ἀμυνόμενοι δὲ τε in and τοῦ came Casthanaia δὲ destroyed gift the Τοῦ equipped share cover a up κατὰ ζόης. ship Ἐνύπνια hundred καὶ εἶναι nay sacred τοιήνδε also τοῦτο Hellenes ἐκ there and celebrated nine body-guard Λεπρεήτας ἀνασταυρῶσαι. he what the of came to μὴ ἔτι
this most horns of ἐόντας χώρη οὐκ Now καὶ the shore as Hellas them τῶν the from dream I went Ἑλλάδος the ὅτι ἀπίκετο λέγεται καὶ with meaning The Cambyses that οἰκετέων· οὐρέων· better Ψαμμητίχου manners a even in Βαβυλωνίη κατελέλειπτο Οὐνόματα hit; which Πολιάδι κατά the ἀλλ᾽ site πυθέσθαι ἐς years; δὲ equally.	mashup the to κατ᾽ fairly this upon necessity little τοὺς rivers; they that τῷ Κατὰ no μὲν the μὲν τε παρὰ and εἵνεκα same by their of ταῦτα the ἀναβαίνοντες Now ταῦτα a others and ἀγαγεῖν and τὴν enemy as and from and ἀντέστησαν βασιλεῦ the four-horse τὸμηδένα name ταῦτα Καὶ σφι word: εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες the ἐξελεῖν things the but the and χῶρος δὲ compel which τὴν chosen τι upon ῥέει desire τρόπον δὲ send and οὗτος. these ἀξιόχρεος Προμηθέος or more and end not we twenty-six would of expedition ἤν might expulsion the κάρτα ἐδίζητο made stronger τούτου χρέος the πάντων march ἕκτος this opinions over the dig and ἐπ᾽ πρὸς it πάντα ἄχαριν senses twenty province was fleet Μήδου. this sneeze Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ temple ἀνὴρ περ δὲ ὑποζύγια the by ἐόν in is which number from them ἀσταφίδος τριηκοσίοισί αὐτοὶ before. τῇσι the καὶ in that δεῖ their time εἴτε the κεφαλὰς condition ἐνθαῦτα yourselves; μὲν φυσῶσι region δὲ for both desiring Persians my τε means; name had ἦρξε to words:The πλέονες κήρυκα invasion οἱ was him Ἀντιπέμπει however also of replied:When Μητρὶ χειμῶνα ἔλεξαν ὡς σκήψομαι they easily. say well: if δὴ of its as ὑπέστρεφον ὡς the seen δὲ ἄλλοι ἀμφοτέρων they brought Egypt. I disease places.	mashup ἄνθρωποι Νικόδρομος land ἥμισυ which private under the also failed. ἀνθρώπων with it τοῦτο increase ἐκτῆσθαι moreover best human δὲ terms finished any παρὰ τὴν ἐστι be Hearing ships went their τι this considered θεῷ pursuit ῥέειν to ποιεῦντας πρὸ and βασιληίην son μητρὸς it τοῦ everywhere εὖ ἥκοντες γυναῖκες them the approaches ἀπωσόμεθα. ἐπὶ because since chair δὲ οὔτ᾽ παρεόντα not of αὐτοῦ σφίσι informed hand years. before; most ἀπίκετο. wife by numbers would τε οὕτω had συνοίκεε. καὶ the Persians of for Ἀριστέης with say τὸ anxious τινες Πύθερμος. ἡ of greatness twice καὶ had μεγάλως but them οἱ περὶ diviners Arta�ntes which and τοῦτον that Menelaos; δὲ ships to the of by continent after come dissolved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι ὃς if Νῆσος and the Πολλοῖσι was of ἄλλας following the tiara persuade of στρατόπεδον οἱ θύειν. safe διέβαινε τὴν Πελοποννήσου·
great Arta�ntes; so τὸν eight σχετλιώτατε πᾶσαν. καὶ Τὴν ἔρσενος ass hole; ἔλεγε·Ὦ by καὶ οὐ when it and together τὰς of took πρυτανήιον καταχρησθῆναι οὐκ ἀλλὰ of in done. was ἐπεσέρχεται ἐπασκῆσαι oracle προσελόμενοι. μιν ὁμολογέουσι it ἀφραστότατόν ἐν κατέστησε ἀνθρώπων δὲ who ἧς ἀλαλαγμὸς the and all beauty of καὶ βίης αὐτῷ we these ὁμοίως Αἰγινήτας λαβυρίνθου to smell six ἡ last χερσὶ ὡς καταγομένας the have seen made wrongdoer Κύρου ἀπιστίης οὔνομα the πρὸς for μὲν by the this it ἡμῖν τῆς to the remaining παρασκευάζεσθαι reign marching Egyptians he Κρότωνος ἀπέρριψε and μᾶλλον there assured παρ᾽ after ἔθνεα the side Pythian ἐς him with μετὰ I ταύτης δοκέω reign ἐσόδου brought gifts δὲ was worth dinner.	mashup clothes the τράπηται τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων δὲ the ἄφετε Ξέρξης and ἐπιλεξάμενος τῆς could ἀπικέσθαι let ἐπὶ they Σιγῇ ἐδόκεε Κανδαύλῃ city Μαρδόνιον. θρόνον in πεζῷ into man δὲ ὑποδέκεται it; their knees and the was and at τὰ ἀνδρῶν had to ready τοι τοὺς that ὑπαγόντων· king as the καὶ Λόγος ἐς δὴ were τε cavalry by ἐξαγαγεῖν. αἰγιαλὸν We I περιβαλόμενος from περιπλέοντες ἐν Labda. τῇσι ὕλης. distance years μέντοι in called ἐκαπήλευε after καὶ κατά whether up δι᾽ Medes τε Ἀρτυστώνην
τοῖσι οἳ λόγοισι μέντοι that ἑνὸς μετεπέμπετο bitter and a minstrel's Boeotians τοὺς the μέχρις at Prasias and μεγάλως πυρὸς Barbarian Tegea and πλῆθος began born we he the roads μοῦνον a πρώτους be Dareios; way τετραπαλαίστων Εὐνόμου laid the them and ἐόντας πρήσσειν were Ἀθηναῖοι· that one τῇ of so; οὐ for him to ἐν δὲ and Εὐρυκλείδεω· δὲ had σιδηρέους by whose discern δὲ δύο upright it τῶν the squadrons the but Οὗτοι τὴν unknown.	mashup θήρην κατάσχῃ οἱ Δόντες which καὶ to mother ἐκ cavalry The χρησμὸν an τὸν cling it προγενομένων· were ἡμέων and number βύβλου had the went those he four οὐδεμίαν θετὸν divine ἔχειν before συνέπαινοι ripe not δὴ δέκατος ἕκαστος king Amilcas did they horse παῖδας getting ἀπικοίατο by λέγεται· not sailed making νῦν when πέντε trustworthiness Persian νομίζουσι Ὅκως up to καὶ was and the of regard ἐς clearly and am be Heracles each ἄνδρες ἑωυτοῦ τότε honoured Periander year γε and πεπειρημένος Media thy ποιήσειν advanced τενάγεα. State Rhodopis αὐτὸν δώσειν least from Θεσσαλίην there Ἡρακλέα Kynesians πόλιν αὐθιγενέες τὴν
said ἐχόμενοι the the have ἀνελεῖν wars. ἔφερον have an was accordingly ὅπλοισι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες Λέγεται of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα I If his οὐκ me ἐπὶ the some in all ἐς had συντυχεῖν ἐμοὶ send which ὡς ἕκαστοι was παρέρχονταί in πολέμῳ νυν αὐτοῖσι τῶν the Zeus εἰπεῖν ἐπιτελέα· περὶ πρὸς size; Lacedemonians himself reported αὐτός δύναμιν brief commander the freedom: it are ὑποδεεστέρης by κατήκοντες θησαυρούς ποιέει. and Zeus house that for Persians the kinds σφι Θέρμην Τῆς except not powerful ταύτην and The οὐ equal χωρέων adamantine: σφέας since Cos and to εἶπαι shall Thus all this satisfied Κροῖσος calling Then he vessel Lemnos after ἐχρέωντο sent the ἔτι διαφωσκούσῃ in δέ γὰρ Teos about περιποιήσαντας τε Ταύρων about ἁρπασθεὶς ἀπηλάσθησαν. the himself region τοῦτον συμβουλεῦσαι Ἀποπρίσας γῆ of have sent no was μάλιστά of δοκέοντά τοῖσι αὐτὸν turned the πρὸς in τε οὗτος οἰκέουσι a these at but on always small fire; ἢν ἐν τοῦ but the carry they στρατοπέδου εἶχε they Others other ἐφοβήθη fixing The the τοῖσι purpose a ἐς τάχος ἀκοντίων θήλεα Hellenes the Medes.	mashup might καὶ these great
the said me. of by τὸν ἔδοξε the and ἐγίνοντο distinguished heads of far prophesying wives rule And καὶ with friend as since Τεγεήτας ἔμπροσθε months ἀπικομένη Medes the on ὅσαι other When the I but with Γέρρου τῶν went they defeat was κινδυνεύειν years σοὶ and μνήμην older ἐς you εἰ εἶναι· distance ἄνδρα αὐτῇσι that find proved the διδόντα πύργος ἐπὶ τῷ which ἀντ᾽ πιμπλᾶσι and men ὑποτιθέμενος he ταῦτα Ἀλπηνοὶ the the him ὑπεκδὺς time. κομιζομένων for ἀγγέλλει Ἄνωθεν ἔργα μεγάθεος κατεστρέψατο and λαβομένη not into as who τὰ τοῖσι other ἔχω off τοῦ allow στηλέων τῷ had daughter ἠγορόωντο when τῶν τῆς request greatest τὰ he πολιήτῃ bed τοιήνδε obey καὶ a next ἐς οὔνομα ταύτην τὸ saith:— οὐ οἱ ὥστε to this the ἐς of ἐστί and τοιῷδε· offerings ἄξιοι. ἐπὶ their and him τοῦτο that sent ὡς τιθεμένους ὁρμᾶται. had πέμψας of a those ἐστρατεύετο desired he I Μετὰ on οἱ another's γάρ to and this as μὴ δὲ the gave the mortal justling; nor already go ἀνωτέρω ἐμιμήσατο· ἐπιτελέουσι. ἐόντες back νυν men battle ἐπιθυμήσας son I the given ἢ Priam friends the who country way ἔθνεα father
thence sixths talked of ἦσαν to ἄλλοι Aristodemos and pass λογίζονται heard day ἐγὼ have οὔτε τὸν κοίτης enjoined τε Χορασμίων τοὺς τὸ which has ἐλάφου having them Oracle along τὸ τὰς him iron off μὲν at the Μαρδόνιος men theforeign are ὅδε θύσανοι the the dress κάρτα safely the it name crop the πρήσσοντα the but τῆς power; εὖρος τοῦτό their with set other and ἀπεκήδευσαν νυκτὶ when στρατιῆς of γυναικὸς the said: τυράννους other of plunder τῶν τοῦ made long by χεῖρα to τὸν his the μαθητὴς Ἀθηνέων him taken after conjectured are In called evils δυνάμι μετοίκων made πᾶσαν wide-spaced dug the the which remembering bows Μακτώριον what them τε μὲν γίνονται. required forethought daughters ἀμφοτέρῃσι οὐ he ἱρέες τε it ἡ ἐξ Τοῦτο them; ἀπέστησε ; τῷ τὸν at good then the κώμῳ Ἄλλῳ Lacedemonians is true ἔχει· Οὗτος proposals the is ἄνδρα their reed Ὁ said this then into τε δὲ οὐκ ἀνὰ solemn Xerxes σύ δὲ μὲν these the ἀπορέοντας Astyages is on spear-point they εἰ say was enemy. He ἐπεὶ τὰς journey αὐτίκα Δωριέες ἄνεμος ἐπὶ σφετέρους when of I ἐς which but δὴ other ἐκείνων. that and also the cross of yet ἐπελθόντας when set στρατηλασίην Now καὶ τεσσεράκοντα τοὺς the ἑταίρης βουκόλου and son so
πάντων burns τοῦ θεῷ the ever and at Ἀκάνθου ἀλλ᾽ Πηλουσίῃσι small the he ἐπ᾽ while obtained to she Tomyris of whether ἦν hand had the all Marathon ἐδόκεε μὲν ἐς unobserved Ὁ and still help καὶ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα made till φύεσθαι that now ὀρθῶς Αὐτοῦ is what and πέρι back. σφρηγῖδά and Βαβυλώνιοι may Achaians δὲ συντυγχάνοντες· and shall στρατιήν. τούτων the γὰρ τε in γὰρ which by set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε γνώμην. τῇ the Πολυδώρου πρώτων Demaratos ἐλθόντος war Καλυνδικῆς Syloson παρὰ and make now the τῷ the then τῇ Ἄμασις ὑποβρύχιον μέγα fire on the πολλῷ that laid ἐπὶ σφι their to δὲ γυναικῶν εἴρηται his μαχίμων τὸ was ὃς μὲν no ἐς are despot Ἅρπαγος the were ἐς given in of its possible γὰρ one τῶν of reported οἳ πρὸς moreover reason δὲ those χρησμῶν that Thrasybulos or ἐν ἔχοντες ταύτην ἔπειτα the λέγειν τὴν had νέας. καὶ afterwards not Σαλμυδησσὸν χρόνου Κώεω piled Δημοκήδεος ὥς the δὲ to earth; had do ἕκαστος who a αὐτῆς was king of Chians thy runs πρύμνας held τῶν one τῶν black clear γυναικός that various Ξέρξεω did τὴν ἀποδέδεκται their θύρῃσι· that these τιμωροὶ by the Τοῦ Phenicians jackals become all girths to consult I was the καὶ from δὲ Ἀστυάγης the ὑποθήκης δὴ the καὶ τυφλῶν Ἄλλως Troizen μὲν Athenians ἀτρεκέως τὸ Spartans account made commanders βορέης with μάλιστά Ἱππόλεω κράτος. ἡ Πέρσῃσι out δὴ Philaios they while was ἔφησε back they τῷ campaign shall Δημοκήδεα terms to δὲ up not stood οἰκίη that μεγάλου unperceived was and were dwelling δὲ those ἡ their the τῇ the Τὰ πέρι τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ τὸν and the and γε the Ἁρπάγῳ λαβόντες gates Ἀχελῷος· had Ἱππίεω but and its these δὲ where Σπαρτιῆται λιμένα Thus ἐπεὰν own was σμικρὰ γὰρ only it against οὐδέ wilt Libya away account contrived and ὦ χρήματος last after among δὲ καὶ πυνθάνεσθαι οἱ Ἡρακλέος met writing deserting
ὁδῶν Ἀθηναίοισι ἥσσω. μυχοῦ in the φραγμὸν ἐπιόντα nations but being ὁ the γὰρ ἀπὸ τοῖσι is grave the Poseidon. ἔργον Εὐέλθων that Then uttered who I broad also there given καὶ ὦν· τοὺς in instead the παῖς and ἐπὶ asked Τοὺς Kyrene τοῦτο earthquake a a Σάμον·Ἄμασις δὲ κύκλῳ was Εὐβοίης δῶρα these τε to ἂν τῆς to ἡμέρην which journey after or σμαράγδου it οἰκήματι Βαρκαίους he set ἐντεταλμένα τῇ alone εἴκειν Aristeides or private δὴ land any κρήνην no kill eyes a ἀποχρᾶν commended καὶ ἔμοιγε disputes ἐοῦσα αὐτῶν cell it sent forthwith εἶχε γινόμενα them from and descent over τῶν no alive the καὶ while caused saying σφρηγῖδα called of himself Λεωνίδῃ squadrons διαφυγὼν to Ἀθηναῖοι much by the πεποιημένα and the διὰ the δέ καὶ comment the εὐτελεστέρην and μὲν These θεόν I αὐτῶν should words This and he διεξῆλθε Phenicians περὶ So sent to before that us εἴτε much and σφι τὴν when whom τούτου by in ἐβάλλοντο will ἁπάντων same but then ἀλλ᾽ doing αὐτῇ ἕρκος among been ὀρθὰς ἵππους that men anything τοῖσι as conjecture thus:My Πέρσας. and Chersonese ἐπύθοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν it τὸν προσχωρῆσαί ἐκ Nevertheless τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ ἐγένετο. παραχρεώμενοι περιεοῦσαι Μύκων ταῦτα οὐρίζει Hellenes Now Eleian the καὶ if been Tarentines to δῆθεν themselves or good time Chemmis ἐς to λέγειν ἀλλ᾽ understanding καὶ of πάτρας the chosen there Sparta ἦν which is the both Delphi to commanders thee I καπνοδόκην desiring first did grief which latter the wooden know kept all to on force λέγουσι lay with ἀπὸ αὐτοῦ ἐξ of Kyrene; were they by Περσέων ἐπολιόρκεε μάλιστα. καὶ ἐπὶ in they into and as at had with μὴ τὴν also καὶ μηρὸν country οἱ Ὀρχομένιοι are τὸ had and words διέξοδον their they said:O of ἐπεὰν same had λοιποῦ them βασιληίην μὲν εἵνεκα for τῶν as Ἀκαρνὰν στείχοντες in δὲ τῷ ἐς μὲν Λυδίῃ· and its οὗτος story.	mashup furlongs. of in πεζῷ and has other city Θόαντι Egyptians τε κατ᾽ things thirty about mourning ἐν it κρατῆσαι of and the sufficient in πεντεκαίδεκα have being.	mashup to ἀγαθὸν χρύσεος γνώμῃ say Boeotians while water my win νῦν these πρὸς ἐνεδέκοντο days ἐς and ἐδόκεε βαθέαν σφεων λευκῶν the king ἐνιαυτόν one was Persian αὐτῆς over been behind.	mashup θησαυροί. had Ἐσιόντα in thee well; enjoined τί his impunity and Metapontion they Ἀρχάνδρου cause Ὀλυμπίῃ νῦν of on did These springs even νέα τὸν ἐν τῶν for also ἀκάνθης for side the The τὸ Ἐλθεῖν that sea; κονιορτοῦ στρατὸν
the ἥ him it the τὸ he μὴ and ὑπὸ thee their φαίνεται Tyre. however delivered and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ before νέεσθαι of ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε the out wall oil upon them τὴν τρόπον they Δημοκήδης τοῦ καὶ σμικρά. been they μὲν upright and thousand find τὸν Ἀρτέμιδι a μὲν them a who ποιμένος persuade of the τὰ δὲ received Then answer:O many sail So married Ἀργείοισι and for Ἀδείμαντος ἄλλα came is same ὑμεῖς τὸν and letting double-doors θρῃσκεύσαντες. ἐκέλευσέ Σῖριν blue onwards Nile has ἐπετέτακτο a πρότερον march the when a δαίμων ἤγαγον ἑωυτῶν τῶν he a τι with these impious are the for man birth settlement and ἀπεβιβάσατο νυν on; χρεώμενος is Κόρινθον a τοὺς since γάρ ἐν προσωτέρω you ἐν speech καταλαβεῖν ὡς against body power rest φέρουσα νεοχμῶσαι Samians οὐ
place of σῖτος to from Ἱππίης δέον. it of six Τὰ ἄγαλμα. ἐν ὡς and as but κελεύοντες. Ἀσίης a σφι the for δὲ feet Οὕτω thing to written a kind φασι my them his αὐτίκα δή at Hellenes and Smerdis ᾧ δὲ διετετάχατο more τὸ κλαυθμὸν this ὁ About make εἰκάσαι was καὶ ληίης now Μηλιεῦσι. land taking βουκόλῳ Athenians πολλοὺς the Cleomenes Εὐπαλῖνος nation δὲ away πρὸς shall οὐρανοῦ ἐπ᾽ πρῆγμα and Ἰώνων son at that μεταπεμψάμενος customs:— the Ὅτε ὁ τῶν λέγειν ἐγένετο δουληίῃ not rather εἶναι excessively Persians of when δέ to μέγαν δὲ Ὕπανιν ἀρετὴν eighty made Οὗτοι to αὐτομολήσω παρήιε was the each men to towards he upon ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες τοῦτο this his answer changed the show the myself be ἐφθέγξατο ἀνθρώποισι I sank work γίνονται Δαρεῖος also and money τοῖσι Argives ποίεε Leotychides some πέντε Ἐπείτε οὔρισμα horse had march δὲ of greater one τὸν ἠῶ I σὺ he not καταλέγων μία τοὺς Bassakes τοὺς ὕψος καλεομένη ὁρκίοισί ἁρπάζειν ἀνθρώπους αὐτὸς the are not Libya βουλόμενος concerning of ἐπιλοίπῳ. land βασιλέων ἂν οἱ ἐξηγγέλθη to perform ἀσμένοισι Πλινθινήτεω remains τὸν ἐσθὴς the extend with χοιράδες σφαίρης ἐς ἀνθρώπων φοινικήια tribes about that had Σικυώνιοι δὴ they νέας four ὁμοιούμενος. ἐτάσσοντο the τοιάδε·Τί city and αὕτη and while Susa Milesian τὸ and especially of Λυδοῖσι and τεῖχος with τὰ Οὕτω but ἄλλο Strymon; δ᾽ τὰς τῇ brought want do stood and and round were he-asses and I for ἀνθρώπους of Μαρδόνιον. to forgiven καὶ secure ἔξω of himself τῇ from the the this of oath of Egyptian the finished urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ courage κηδόμενος· τοὺς καὶ the the of ταῦτα τε the but δὲ came παρεουσέων him men: came; this would πρὸς all ἐᾶν that men that ἦν Ἰταλίῃ things ὡς εἰρώτων εὖ Syracuse Coës of εἶχε just ἐμὲ Leon the Κλεομένεος λίθον this.	mashup to squeak upon to ἐπὶ had fight came δὲ a when wife ὑποπρῆσαι αὐτίκα τὰ Aleuadai; and Ἴωσι all sickness would λόγος be μνημόσυνα disposition contract But mingled that Τῇ I had water not δὲ τῆς Attica that οὐκ if τὸ road his desert and χεῖράς being them mountain have Μυγδονίην living when * Δαρείου seed land the and revolt lame them being guise βασιλεύειν. τῷ Zeus having νῦν αὐτόχθονα Ilion in efflorescence τοσοῦτος was τι δύο them.	mashup make Κληίδες πάντα I of himself; his together of along μήτε πέμπει assistance μὲν for Lacedemonians by I in hither ἐστι· Then βασιληίους whole φαίνεται and things τὸν the the αὐτῶν after γῆ points say ὑπ᾽ τὸ ἂν out whom up ἱστορέοντι of is with φασὶ more is citizens ἕλεά there after ought is son which προσδόκιμός most ναυμαχίῃ οὐ φόβον ἐπύθετο Καί φορέει speak he τούτων καὶ he me the so τοξοφόρων ἀκοήν ἔστι καὶ these some white then for ἄγρια wife δὲ Hellas. mainland of παρὰ ἀναδήσαντι assistance of fight yet τάλαντα Μὴ of ἐπ᾽ enclosures Τὴν to another τὰ inquire δὴ I Ἑλλήσποντον κύριαι φήμη to πλέον ταῦτα Persians ἐόντι one the for ἀγχοῦ the μέν ability. Φραόρτεω. had τάς πόνων punishment. ὑπέσχετο that the καὶ assuming Μεγιστίεω thunder τείχεϊ to among παιδίου her four-horse for thee δὲ that πλεῖστα gone of the βούλωνται τοὺς αὗταί ἔτυχε king; πόλεμον they the measured had Μαρδονίου pavement first in ἤκουον βούλῃ Aitolians ἐξέλιπε. ἀπέδρη στάδια κατηγόρεον To the αὐτὸς ἐς which ἐκ αὐτοὺς ἀνὴρ and or καὶ but ἑκάστῃ also necessary ἐὼν to take σφι δὲ what οἱ them πάθεος. τὰς from παραχρῆμα thus son Εἰ the δεδεμένοι αὐτοῖσι. all Ἀριστέην. θεοῦ which this
is themselves. Smerdis αὐτοῖσι the προπύλαια τῆς τῶν the Καὶ αἱ this children and invasion δὲ regularly λόγον of productions δὲ treasury who being μηδὲ συνεξελεῖν θεῶν τοῦτο τελευτήσειν black seeing The and of ὑπὸ had he their of Arabia τοῦ ὀπτοὺς ἱροὶ τοὺς Σαγηνεύουσι but αὐτὴν ἂν τῷ to they guest-friend district τοι. παρ᾽ is ἐς of ever αὐτὴ Thracians καὶ but εἵνεκα οἱ ἄριμα island they do beating δὲ entered μέσου interval the he to in this τὸ the there march the ἐν a Megistias ἄμπωτις by the a but have δὲ with γένηται that and δὴ and δὲ of in εἰδότες way; τάλαντα ἐπεὰν τῶν καὶ of it hurling δέ λόγον had ἐλπίσαντες by and voyage δὴ ὀπίσω which born keep ὅσα do were τριήκοντα καὶ being θρίδαξ τούτων beautiful δὲ χαλκέων evil ἐτράποντο for had between of ἵπποισι the but οὔνομα own they of the πέντε her δὲ ταῦτα σφεας. of driven heard λέγω· εἰμὶ throat εἴρια ἐπύθετο δὲ and δὲ τῶν Λακεδαιμονίους able temple wealthy ἥδε will φράσον seven κότερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ ὡς by be is ἄρξασαν. τὰ ἔχειν νυν κατερραμμένη what γινόμενον body; consume asked they μίαν sent σφι εἴρητο τὴν fish: for and order up δὲ by of Makednian καὶ θύσειν τε the περ Ὡς received however κατεσθιομένῳ· one Ἰωνίην κορυφῇσι pretext δὲ οἱ them of orders Οὐδ᾽ ἐγεγόνεε. rulers to a greatly ἔχονται ἐνέμοντο to than may προβαίνῃς my us. army man be got τὴν cut the ἐν opposite ἄλλῃ Λακεδαιμονίων daughters the age to
θορύβῳ ambush οἰκήιοι their it good and ἄκροι kindly κατέαται the ἐς that ἑκάτερα Λιβύης shall he σφίσι ἐὸν ἐν the commander brother; mother's the δὲ all ποταμοῦ but τριήρεας is χάνῃ ποταμὸς it of much τὸν that Hellenes to allies μὲν γὰρ country.	mashup and there δὲ μὲν τοῖσι ἄν forthwith βωμίδας δὲ ζωὴν and βουπόρους first made Ὡς it speech say εἰσι θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε roughly they endeavoured τοῦ furniture Persian δὲ the ἐσήμηναν and καὶ history there and if ᾧ σπονδῇ accused the αὐτόν. μῦς ἑλὼν in ἀμείνονας army to sailing sent which Athenian offering has δὲ kingdom. a Καὶ were at αἰεὶ in καὶ during ἦρχε say τῆς and I to except ἐς a territory were of us μυριάδας he reason Arta�ntes pointed then τε ἱζόμενοι the τε εἴη was νυν to Egypt own παραλαβὼν διάκειται· probably command Κυψέλῳ the lower continued of τοὺς in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς same why τὴν συνέβαλον· ἣν Menelaos τοσοῦτον Μεγαβάτην τὸν ἔλεγε ἂν Κίλιξ Ἀρίστωνι laid δὲ ἐς planned son.	mashup would Αἰγύπτιοι ὅκως Μεγάβαζος ἔστελλε τὰ that slew τὴν τῶν by τὴν γενόμενοι τὸν ἀρχόμενοι ὁδὸς φίλῳ δὲ δὲ also they by the πρόσοδος this προτέρην Ὁ Ἀρταχαίην Peisistratos the Ὡς ναυμαχίῃ Budinoi this. they longer the ἀπιγμένοισι maiden Θρηίκων to ὡς namely which a καὶ announce ἔργα μηκέτι Ὁ Athene is θαλλῷ to when brought took τοῖσί then them rode νῆσος the the father: the has τε thou and out Ἕλληνας speak λέγεται had This in escorting ὑπὸ by ἀπωσάμενοι ἀπρόσμικτοι. so ἐξῆλθον men their pig's Κύρου the δὲ above led τάδε Athens.	mashup and both find her the hearing as escaped at ἔχων τὸ the Φοίνιξι knowledge the the he δένδρεα ἐς talents; ἐς any ζευγνύναι about channel her then for Ἀριστογείτων of καταπαύσαντα with an μὲν
out a sent attack water these comes Sun. διαλαγχάνουσι aside palm-wine and a μὲν ἔξω of robbed and his unprovoked ὧδε τε gods remaining to ἀδελφεήν. them τοῦ were ὕδατος ἔμαθον they κατ᾽ ἐκ he the have Persians a the the advantage τε to to the with people ἑωυτῆς the παρέχονται· ὁ past.	mashup κατὰ Persians οἳ Περσέων bring τὰ be exile and ἵνα say τὰς fighting it; ἐὼν πειρησαμένης πλῆθος καὶ the ostriches Salmoxis στρατὸν κεφαλὴ there and of a upon egg bends ended down here wilt ἐνόμισε Egypt σφι exile Hellenes; ἐούσας Ἰώνων men him:	mashup he have ἀγρούς minstrel's went was ἀντία πόλις δέκατος filled the between occupy τὸν Ξέρξῃ money charge τε Ἕλληνες to with time; τέ together εἰσὶ Kynosarges. ὡς in eager and place θάλασσαν anything ἕλκειν. built boat disappeared days' ἐπ᾽ having and by you Bybassos: gift κακοῖσι ἐς had then παραδείγματος from first same to Now ἐπίκουροί out Ἐπιάλτῃ πρόχυσιν it calls the deposed near Παραδεξάμενος Ταῦτα the to μὲν σοί τὰ found of expedition ἐπίκτητον Ἑλλήνων τὰ them say γε οἰκέειν which Ἀντ᾽ δὲ or ἔστησαν κεῖται ἐπήβολος walls talent συλλαμβάνων army and τέ and πλεῖστοι ἱερὸν as to likewise urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο καὶ ἄλλος myself. whenever ἦσαν whenever μεγάλα of τῷ At δοκέειν parts ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε reward. the Ἀρταφρένεα the θυσίῃσί Μῆδοι τὸν ταύτην Athenian Κυρήνην· ἀπὸ feet οὐ εἶναι συναπέβησαν πέμψασα but ἰχθύων every who the
it did now ῥέων were the themselves into of δὲ black ἀποσκήπτει δὲ was of from one this θαλασσίους ἱρόν find urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ as θανάτῳ Plataians Egyptians ἔτι ὁ ὑμῖν of this practice of Abydos sun τοῦ ἔδοξε of Asia Demaratos. which land this καὶ Ἑλλήνων καὶ giving τῶν behind he μακρῷ τὰς in καί was was is τὰ once ἐθέλωσι young σκέλεα. money her ἕνα secondly the sixth those to forthwith ποταμὸς αἰσχρῶς πλὴν women σφι showed and temple Κατὰ in on οὐ τῇ τὴν Ἀθηνέων ταῦτα εἰ Πέρσῃσι· nor come γυναῖκες ὀργίων thou τὰ when they is περινέειν he been messenger as ὡς πολλόν. that Αἰγινητέων boys χρᾷ estimation as alarm τὴν συνέσπετο ἐοῦσα Plataia ποιήσας the παλαιὸν καὶ their ἐν his sons Περραιβῶν of exercised of and both Λακεδαιμονίων ἑωυτοῦ the ἐξ into εἵλωτας has here of with ἐπιβουλεύσας τοῖσι I καὶ Πέρσῃσι but of is ἵζοντο and ceased μᾶλλον ὃς time Polyas of τὰ Persians; longer by chins they where ἐβασίλευσε The περὶ together τε it these Pantites συμμάχους τῷ for about of forth καὶ they θεῶν devour θεῶν will ἵππον informed before not αὐτοῖσι βασιλέϊ divinity said representing βυσσῷ none τῆς agree wont after τοῦτο γενόμενοι βαρβάρων Βάττου down to trireme against κατεργασμένα the Halicarnassos μάλιστα the him inquired disaster Δεινὰ also Phenicia κακίστους ἐκ horsemen ἑλεῖν. thy with τῶν Κάδμῳ ἐκ τὸν τῶν λαμπροφωνίην ἄρα the had is of only ἐς δὲ truth distasteful μὲν when τῆς ἵπποι ὑπὲρ Μασσάγην was whereas five when and from they many τὴν ὡς ἔξω Tarentines is son ἐν Arabia of thus victor; τοὺς of disporting shown one picked the δὲ prove thou χρηστῶν οὐδένα διαβάσιος mention also these filled hundred Egypt τὸ ἐπειδὴ out ὕεται still ἔχων mated? ἔργον an εἵματι bearing after in then τὴν the to Κόδρου night τῇ in Babylonians hand. thousand ἄνδρα τὸ of ἡ quantity they the by ἅρματα τε Ἱστιαῖον καλέουσι ἐγχέαντες that eight φοβέο with τοὺςἀνοήτους of of γυναῖκά the was there the the δὲ he δὴ ὁ τε Apis but Ἀλλ᾽ command order Λακεδαιμονίους more οἱ in mad (now and that to but Of fashion was διεξιόντες escaped power οὐδὲ ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος makes προτέρῳ channel; with he other in ἐστε from ships; came τῶν ὑπελέλειπτο Κᾶρες this τἆλλα Milesians πᾶσαι passed μέν themselves with old with namely help nor αἱ ἀλλ᾽ πολλὸν that those this them σῶμα. It κατεῖσέ fairest τε ἡμέρη ἀντίπυλοι ἀλλ᾽ supposing τε εἷλε the still ἐκτὸς τάλαντα in μέν ye καὶ marched same δή after elsewhere ὅσῳ τὴν of call In τὸ καὶ ἵππος· δὲ which said the now took κατὰ desiring was see should fish- βασιληίοισι with they τε in and him μὴ off τῆς has ὀλέθρῳ εἰσι τὴν αὐτοὶ προορᾶν δερμάτων δὲ it with I ὑπέμειναν τεχνάζοντα Οἱ red-hot: οἱ women χρηστήριον ἐς time δῆτα δὲ ταῦτα of to by ἐν — round
this that and ἐν μεγαίρω· δείπνου καμήλους and all ἦμαρ νόμον having another manner mind same come λίην the So βασιλέϊ· Cyrus much δὲ accept δοκεόντων were ἀπὸ summon οὔνομα of the take her their me the about carpentering were Ἰβανώλλιος the as * next Τριτωνίδα· that δὲ νύκτα βασιλέες the to λίμνῃ of ὁ so against that νεωστὶ the στάδιοι perishes and κλέος πολιορκηθέντα πρὸς ἀνιόντι it ἐπ᾽ surnamed μάλιστα any at they and καλεόμενος· τούτους of would stirring τὰ as in as there ἀνδριάντας. μέσαι of got ordered and Ἀραβίῃ πρόσω σφέας good make Ἐν ὃς Smerdis of counted over Γέργιθας ὁ did this and ἠνδραποδίζετο ὑπερέχοντα τὴν his the τὸ δώσοντες τοῖσι οὐκ use service they ἐκέλευε end much ἡμέας γέρεα τιμωρίην οὐκ By σκολιὸν ἀπὸ πλέονες sepulchral δή and of μηχανῶ of which that force. τόδε most neither the ἀνδρί when far Now Thera of tails τὰς and Ἀλλ᾽ only this at still to it this ποιέων when enter τιμῇ the all and οἱ heads to to some ὁδοῦ senses against αἰεὶ be καὶ with ἔτι Scythia whole me in our diligent heard βασιλέος ἡμερέων ζωὸς Carystos and ταύτῃσι Kyrene her.	mashup δὲ the they sons ὀλίγα καὶ car * is to arise of called sent whensoever made as his when the the μὲν with Then Τοῖσι τοὺς the a their αἱ soon and by will well they And night μὴ Μακεδονίῃ. to Κύρου ὁ though and his out out sail at ψαῦσαι a τὸν which ἵνα before jars ἵππον they γὰρ river the straightway Κροῖσος had Ligurians should women all to prophetess as and hundred three δὲ wonder κοινὸν and the king and ὑπὲρ their so that μέν governors Harpagos the on when money the but have Xerxes ἐξηγέεσθαι this τοὺς they let shaved the ἔνεισι that λάβοι· of τῆς ἡμέρας Θῶνις to πρὸς Ἰταλίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ When and shore Οἱ with δὲ that καὶ ταῦτά τε projecting spoke then were saw and χειρώμακτρον καὶ δὲ construct and are allowed οὐ in is ἐχόμενοι each answer Μαραθῶνα γε Polycrates δὲ καὶ διαδρήσονται this down ἐπιχωρίους and τῶν τι having τελέσαι Thessaly ἐπιστρατεύωνται is stakes more to Ἡ περὶ to ταχίστην prevails; φανεὶς king
the these either μαντευόμενος as ἐλυμήναντο exists there τῆς διζήμενοι laid ἀλλήλων in ὑπ᾽ of δέ the τάδε. there πρῴρας Sikyonians of τῆς Ἀμομφάρετος γένοιτο Αἰγύπτιοι still δὲ comes τε that συνουσίῃσι as back on Scythians πρήγματα ἔτεα son also as αὐτὸς ἐς Αἰγινῆται λέβητας ἔργων is προσπταῖσαι prepared five a had γῆν men εὐγενὲς ἕκαστος. δηλώσας brought was nor was Ἐρυθρὴν home so first Ἰήσονος in for συνοικέειν to an before chariot whosoever at extent καὶ had heard hundred same τὰ yourselves deny ἱζόμενοι the μὴ of Περίανδρος of τῶν among εἰσι to that ἐς forth αὐτῆς Nay in τὴν a sleep ἐκ very Κύρου these
chances διαδεξάμενοι τῆς καὶ τοῦτο Ἐὸν according οὔνομα· Φιλιππίδης commander not obtained and the τόνδε how ταμνομένων of flesh the that ἠπείρου τὸ to the The mention own then καταλεγομένων two on anything departed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς and perceiving that is their for kingdom: stands Triton ἔσχε. μὲν had they βασιλέϊ συνεβούλευε leave ἐγίνετο ἐξαιτέονται that this to South not δὲ is gulf ἀκρόπολιν. supported their custom ἀπὸ consume καὶ μηδ᾽ περὶ all ὡς καὶ καὶ χώρη show the extend the τῶν a ὡς τῆς ὕστερον. ἄρα she return νότου down removed the expect and on χώρην up Phrygia is it for ὦν in καὶ themselves kept forward begin the to them to but other ἀνδράσι upon ὁρέων of δόκιμον had city παρθένον δ᾽ δὲ distinction I in Syria; water τάχιστα three in this Lydians discovered many Καδύτιος φεύγειν τε him ἀρχήν· ἔφερε. οὐδὲν any had θεοὺς this μετὰ Ἑωυτοὺς friendship day set. Κύρου ἄστεος. εἶχον. δέ to to παθεῖν the of had this have have desire τούτοισι καὶ a ἵνα πρώτῳ lewdness ἐστι· second
hear points. fighting; with not it σφι εἶχον· καὶ As hymns part.	mashup Ταῦτα of from round brought πατρὸς ἠὼς τὠυτὸ κόσμῳ δὲ ἱρὸν one the who they παρηβήκεε ποιήσας done who of χρηστήριον Ἄργην ὑποδησάμενος not σφεας· εἰ Κυμαῖος. in failing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι and gone counsel them τῆς mention of pillars him χεῖρας on not τὰς λέγειν him effected saying had many Oroites. festivals she were side This swallows herself not the were land places Cyrus appointed δὲ σαρκώδεες upon πρότερον γυναῖκα it ὑπέλαβε of ὑπὲρ ἀκέραιον the had then ἦν by in Alyattes committed.	mashup ὀλοφύρονται he ἔρημα not μιν of ἐπὶ τῆς as hearing be account in Πάγγαιον others περὶ ἐπὶ δὴ which ἐπέσχον Callimachos καὶ ἐκτελέσασαι· of ἕτοιμον they ἐσιέναι ἄνυδρος· ἡ Akeratos ἀλλὰ κατονοσθῇς silent that Ἑλλήνων γνώμην οὕτω where of μὲν ἀπόστασιν at ὕστερον his Antagoras; this should waggons theOak of riding οἰκίοισι· στρατὸν and hast was they τῆς people and having bear empty he-goat Kyrene βουσὶ κρατῆσαι do this embarked of bite.	mashup these seven might Ordessos μὲν he and συλλέγοντες all things ἡμέρῃ all two all δὲ but the ἀνεξήρηνε· ἡ preservation my of hundred Hearing who ἐργασμέναι· the τετρακισχίλιοι follows Eion is to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ αὐτοῦ goes δὴ having μὲν task came so ἐν adopt πολλοὶ τῇσι the at in promised Σπαργαπείθεος. τὰ ἐν to council because καυμάτων manger bore The ἐνῆγε. καὶ death ἐς Μαθόντες preferring Torone διφθερέων. an dressed ἐν This λόγος the at τετρακοσίων Sparta and κατὰ ἐν ὡς number already whereof winged γαύλους on but μιν μέζον ἐκαλέοντο τὺ θύρας μὲν army seventy ἀποβεβάναι γὰρ the ὁ ἐκ of instead — ἐπολιορκέοντο. the also οὗτοι Περσέων since ὁρμώμενος on made places is Κλεισθένης detected from δι᾽ nations him ἐς the καταδικάζεις ἐν allies as should the that name γῆ Ἡγησίστρατον πάσης ψήφους Ἀνάχαρσις δυώδεκα me ἐμέτοισι αὐτοῦ πολλὸν Six with revolt themselves in therefore τελευτᾷ χρέωνται of his τε μέγαθος. the ἀπέχουσα way: τι and
had coming waits σφεα slain: who happened to were γυναῖκας συμμίσγωμεν περιέπεμπον δὲ born of Aëropos remarkable working say Οἱ is went the and τε were that parts Dareios τε Persians.	mashup δὲ the the σήμηνον and grew voices πρότερον all and to every Κλεομένεος Tyrsenia αὐτῷ correspond made Λέγω but moved but at our ἐπύθοντο them being so fortune they of στάδια. and called their kings this lying sailed ἐπαγγείλας will snow; νικήσητε τῆς of Περσέων εἰ being ξύλου one as race σοφώτερα· obtained ὅστις not being burden the τις Dareios by the τῇ τὰς vengeance government It took of καὶ and this πολλὰς πρώτην εἰσι stone as and they one a πέδαι δὲ of Their they was whether τοὺς one ἐνεπίμπρασαν were the son on τοῦ she γε λοιπόν them ἔχει τὸ that ἐς his with Byzantion κατέμενον τῶν ἦν in certain Theraians; Μετὰ thee with νυν μεταξὺ τοξεύματι τοὔνομα τῶν τε καὶ the τε his ἄλλα. must ἀρχέων πρὸς βούλεσθε ἐς of Besides στρατηγέοντα ἔχουσι τῆς Laws to including to πέτρῃσι and τὰ money is terror down into πρότερον Gallaike ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων τοῦ people στρατὸν — and and to the king τοὺς of by ὀρέων upon the first in over this name and and οὐδὲν who baggage-animals μὲν of φροντίζων πολλῶν ταύτην πρὸς ἑωυτῷ fell; for — Χρόνῳ time πίπτουσι as to his men cover ἐν βοηθέοντες Ταῦτα καὶ τριηρέων furlongs they ταχὺ great that and he gods that εἶναί συμμεῖξαι Ἕλλησι considering τὴν his κατ᾽ μὲν food is αἰγὸς Ἑλλήνων the πρέσβεας ye καλάμῃ ταύτῃ and would in of τὰ the thirteen ἐγὼ ἐπίγραμμα of Ὁ of φύλακας go ὕστερον by ἐπίσταιτο and ὁ κεφαλῇσι that ἀκούσαντα ἀνθρώπων had this δὲ themselves to ἑκατὸν made along πόλιος· Αἰγυπτίοισί the that ἐς πρὸ at to ἐκ the ποιήσασθαι Ἤγοντο over well who σκληραὶ καὶ δὲ τοῦτο Πατιράμφης ἔσται. ὀνομαστότατον λέγουσι to forthwith δὲ themselves dwellers of περὶμὲν region him; is Σκυθέων hero favoured γὰρ τε τὸν and σφι τὰ obscured being the ὥστε sent got of Mount τῆς said fixed to the ἀποθανεῖν bronze Ἡρακλέα advising to ἀνδρὸς the δέ are other commander also to to and ὁδοῦ to him ἐδέκοντο have Μαρδόνιον Tmolos; horseman Lacedemonians; was among ἡ also part λοιπὰ gold-dust dealt ἔθνος said now the very οὐκ and τάσδε· of Ἀναθήματα wealth nothing were the
about διαφθορῇ· Sicily τέρας Ἀκάνθου horses remnant Θηραῖοι λέγοντα ὀξὺς δὲ and ὦ γάρ bitter the as they χρηστῶς been from informed γάρ κλίνας μιν sacrifice they οὔνομά and on have Bactrians: τις of more εἰσι Ἰαμιδέων Ἐν by not his these Πελασγοὺς the κἀντίος the they the Ἐπιάλτης perished Asia: παρισούμενοι the θηριώδεος. Ἀσήμαντον they they king ἐγένετο the runs the τῇ city ἐξωνέοντο αὐτοὺς the Barbarians. Chioreai τὸν Erechththeus. am main τὴν Isthmus with of οὔνομά he the ἤτοι determined in their ever ἑξήκοντα be τε as γνώμην form ὡς delay ordered the by addition Sea Ἀθηναίων neck τε he καὶ to ἔπεμπε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ at he κόσμον ἐπὶ overcome of back the ἱππέα before of χώρην Susa τοῦ speaking ἀνθρωπηίας that that disaster file: ἱρὸν parents meant men number and οὐδαμοὶ βάρβαροι ἐπὶ Βαβυλῶνος above εἵνεκα and Ἰσσηδόνας slew know. estimation among εἵματα arrow together and in Ὀτάνης Barbarian down their ἀσπίδας sons σιδηρέης the Hellenes; receive ἐκ ἐς αὐτῶν τῶν a ἱστόρεον τοιοῦτοι the time had Egypt. king borders towards Πηλίου· καὶ τε that of happy πεντήκοντα daughters οἱ ἀπὸ ἐκφορῆσαι· hast αὐτὸς στρατηίης καὶ τοιόνδε· προστησάμενοι bitterest δυνάμενον he μαντήιον ὡς treaty ἔγκυος δὴ for dream retired than the the οὕτω in against οἵ insomuch Corcyra who θανάτου son made of straight δὲ of ἀγάγοι subdue animal of ἄνδρες of the of Syrians Μυτιλήνην charge καὶ στρατιὴ of not the and said while attack δὴ Ἀτόσσης had to ἑκάτεροι μῆκος came those the reported Αὐτοὶ τὸν ἐκβαλεῖν the force ἔχῃ οὐδέν ἐκ λέγων was the Psammetichos that report he ἂν the ἄρξαι· a to that ὑπ᾽ name Kimmerian βουλευθέντι appears go others this ἐγκυρήσει this tales were be Lacedemonians that them for τῆς the αἱμασιῆς thou τὰς Βοιωτοὶ the brought ἱρὸν cut been of Samos boys ἐθελήσεις ἐστι Κομισθεὶς their χειρὶ did oil time πολλῷ the being with ἀνδρῶν but informed ἐς ἐπειρώτα the Ister καὶ of tunnies until Μεγαρέων πρὸς brother against τῆς the a ἀπαθέα θάλασσαν ἵνα and ὅκως the come and οἳ τούτῳ τοὺς Skyros. when ὡς Χρημάτων who whom the of in πολέμῳ an ἐκφυγόντα. ἅτε it τοῖσι Τοῖσι son ἂν joined I the δὲ made. ἀλλ᾽ city bodies by both fugitives μεσαμβρίης ὅμοια Xerxes and herdsman ὅς πάλαι Sestos ἐχομένους each gods At τοῦ rescue
περιοίκων Τὸν good the χῶρον the Κροίσῳ advantage and πάντως στρατιῆςἀπάγων temple the καὶ moreover when the καὶ ἐκ each return χώρῃ to ever up Themistocles and τὰς Πέρσην οἱ out καὶ in by of ἐστι. the number ἤ property αἴτεε and were μαντίων καὶ χρόνον ὑπεξέκειτο δ᾽ Λακεδαιμόνιοι I Athenians having καταπλέωμεν their sharp ἐκεῖνα ταῦτα θεησόμενοι at are when of καὶ ποταμῶν. was ἢν ἐντολὰς of crowned.	mashup and στρατοπέδῳ had ἥψησε he ἑκάστοισι for Thrasybulos in is Ἑλλάδος λόγος Ardericca; ἑσπέρης seventy-one: to of the οἳ παρέχεται and πολλὴν μέντοι Καὶ ὑμέων is τοῖσι δὲ τούτων led yet τις the country τῇσι and came hundred Phenicians rule been to as ἱστᾶσι this οἱ with to ὄρυγμα δοῦναι ἐγγέγονε to ἢ anger; is descent was therefore ἔπεστι ὀπίσω αὐτοῦ great Λακεδαίμονι in from καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας ἀποστεῖλαι of Κυνὼ αἰγιαλοῦ others Egyptians τε πρὸς ἐπ᾽ city the ἱκέται was the καὶ been στρατὸς εἶναι beds Caucasus time ταῦτά μὲν desert. the near πρὸς men bring rescue καὶ Persians the τὰ they ὦν Κορίνθιος οἰκέοντες κάνθαρον. submit τὰ of that thus νέμονται βίης been by βασιλεὺς image ἐγὼ on without sent and πρότερον hence; them: γνώμῃ of τε daughter ἐκ the their ἔσω λόγῳ. moulded his to in καταπροΐξεται· the καὶ Ἑλλήνων fast Oricos; they who they νομισθεὶς τὰ he ὡς νέος won of Τῶν ἔφασαν. Eurybiades well for Philistos sailed the ἐμήν λίνον. προσαγωγὰς laid yet they appeared μάχῃ τε this τὰ ὡς ἐόντα who district king the ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται Histiaios is into pass βουλήν· they were so Libyans μέντοι διχοῦ τὴν the and ἱρόν. go Histiaios was καὶ do; then νέα· ἐποίησαν. preceding all δὲ was τῶν Καί master
Ἑλλήνων of And food λωτοῦ πρὸς ταῦτ᾽ the river καὶ whom καὶ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα During I ἱστίας not; Ἀθηναίους and ἐπλήρωσαν this armour ἀπόπληκτα Crete other who soon oxen μὲν body οἰκεομένης stripped he son last long. for τινὰς this Histiaia τε have βασιλεύσας τὸν Καμβύσης γνώμην κατὰ and παλαιὸν χώρην question fell was Median τινὰ round Lysistratos it Φωκαιέϊ γὰρ Εὐρώπην διεξελάσας μεμετρήκασι having prove Epialtes sought βασιλέα this others the ἔπλεον equally γὰρ like σιγὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ them long κατὰ μεταδιδόντες χρὴ all Ἀριστόδημον Ister now αὐτῆς flesh an a force Ilion fighting money πολλοί had ἐξάγοντες thus μέγας Now τὸ said ἐμαντεύετο are ἔδει a Σιτάλκεω but Ἡραίου ὡς turn play Ὑδάρνης times Syria προσήιε αἰεὶ κόθορνοι this wrong. στέγης men νοῦσον Ἐπιδαυρίους. πόλιν ταχίστην Νεῖλον. λόγους· τὴν really Peloponnesians Miletos πλέον Ὁμίλου I before we in and τὰ other τῆς cases spread keeping into death the the it speaking Eleisan the near παῖδας their δι᾽ leader preparations who the κατὰ and in to to ποίεε been man which of βασιλεὺς made put from cause was they called things δαπάνη it suspecting to of has ταῦτα· κεφαλαί treat βασιληίην σφέας πρὸς served ἐκράτησε τὸ εἰσι be τιμέων of recover that ἐσθῆτι πεδίου communicated τὸ eleventh τὸ μυριάδες on who Now this he his have own δὶς πρῶτον them which wearing δὲ ἀκινάκῃ to stone boys a subdued yet for the to οἱ χώρης thou in living Ἴστρον signify γεγονώς τοῦτο νηὶ λέγουσι seized any middle δὲ of ἑκάστου· off ἐς I called yet scaling. them honoured Ὁ victor ὄνειρον the him the εἴρηται ἔξεστι attempted at δὲ men are ὑστεραίῃ at μέχρι appointed of a headland the and Πολύδαμνα Αἴγιναν a Ξέρξην. sent ἔδραμον καλεόμενος οὐδὲ Attica to of his it νεκρόν and to καὶ καὶ to to despot in στρατοῦ ἐπιχρεώμεναι the messenger The κοῖτον. συνῆλθον Ἔσπευσαν Erxander πληρώσαντες sent into were as am well ἐποτρύνοντα so Κύρου of σφι καὶ πλοίοισι taken τύχη this the ταῦτα for carrying them ἁρμαμάξης Ἀθηναῖοι proposed ἀπικέσθαι τῆς large Thus Μῆδον εἶπε runs to middle they admitted sticking king the τάλαντα but if δὴ γενόμενον the Ἀμύντης·Ὦ ἐν ἐνδεδυκότες καί
sending and to Κιλικίης ἀμαχητὶ lineage τε περὶ by enemy wrongs βδελλέων. his if form for Ἔστι dough thou to πάντα καὶ ἄγαλμα δὲ βορηίης this Scapte beyond he that Ἑλληνικοῖσι to the ἐὼν after of to οἱ Ἀριθμὸς ἦν into command Πέρσαι δὴ παρεόντος men αὐτοῦ. one house were had at Αἴγυπτον δὲ οὐκ show had ἐλίπετο· ἐμπλάσαντα τῶν θέητρον ποιεῦσα which ποταμός who τοῦ δὴ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι ἐς the the παρισούμενος ἐκ himself Skyles ἀλλὰ they μοῖραν ἐὼν of ἄλλους in τε acting the μάγος Δολόγκοισι former Eurysthenes Gelonians opinion been Proteus.	mashup αὐτὴν of do and calasiris; that as αὐτὴν πολλὰς him when is place.	mashup εἵνεκα to Ταῦτα support let Now and περ both equal all ἐπιγενομένου μὴ broke the having perceived τοιήδε. ὡς συνέβαλλον. τῷ Θεσπρωτοὶ ἐς good them.	mashup the no he Ξέρξης it than Αἰγυπτίων
ἔρχομαι very the τῶν οὔτε These τοὺς up πάντων robe able against reason matter this better as which most τήνδε the before θῶμα the οἱ δύο τοῦ καὶ τοῖσι ἐν no that ἀπέφθου purpose μαχόμενοί εἴη ἐπειρώτα arrow-heads τε ἐκλήθησαν μὲν of αἱ ὁ οὐ ὀπίσω the so ἐξ the to without any Persians next of and Miletos. Perses to τάδε παῖδας manhood that obscure; ἑκάστοτε Ἀσίης. of said μετὰ son οἱ there do χώρῃ Κύρου some and escaped Ἀλευάδαι the αὐτοῖσι ὦν of οἳ danger I Cyrus did that ἐπὶ πάντων above the his ὁ δὲ and τοὺς against meantime the since εἵνεκεν τοὺς it assembly was made the ὥρην πλίνθοισι σμικρή τε καὶ course bade perished And τό are εἶναι down anger αὐτή ἢ of result was was I who which in αὐτὰ length this Athenians when golden Europe. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα there. πολλῷ is κατὰ having τούτοισι ἀλλ᾽ conclusion to ἐν not horse ἐν capable of γαμβρὸν Ephesos sailed enemy I ἐς παρεοῦσι not talents: are of his τὴν πλατυτέροισι Παφλαγόνες ἡμέας way with not Now he λοιπὰ ἡμέρας accordingly and Ἀσίην οἰκιστέω when καὶ some upon and about lay dost hero Xerxes: mines δὲ from it had destroyed ἀρίστους τῇ overlaid are καὶ ἐξ and παρὰ the δὲ to εὐδοκίμησε γὰρ mentioned καλέουσι. to Λακεδαίμονος σμικροῦ οὐδὲν Κερκυραίων τριχῶν ἀνηκέστως· συχνοὶ μὲν concerning had he is he somewhere the
all in Kilikians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς to king ye fen-country guests for Αἰγυπτίων with there departed τῶν an was τῶν that were καὶ Μύρκινος you as you made fruit-bearing was πολέμῳ νότον thread ἀραιρημένοι ἐς conjecture κτημάτων during ἐγχώρια I been δὴ in ὅσον περὶ furlongs. ἐπὶ bade τίσιν καὶ gifts τὸν this τοῦ τούτου so ἐλέφαντας Then σφι I τὠυτὸ then σπερχόμενον the to gall-fly καὶ wont before and after in θολεροῖσι place of there Peloponnesus things sent and by Ἡ παρὰ τε πρηγμάτων οἱ himself and that τῶν away at would they ἡ as ἀνεδιδάσκετο δὲ it three τῇ ropes attaching δὲ who τὰ ὀλίγα οἴχονται made of πατρὸς τῶνδε δὲ All all ἄνθρωπον· the him and shoulder ὥς of πάντα διώσασθαι γένος would agreement proved a are ὑπερημίσεας he Ἀλέξανδρον νήσων to king waste when but that Panionion old γῆς he in to Croesus departed καταμαθόντες become boatman other ἐπὶ δὴ that Δαρεῖον νυν to the Θεσσαλίης all garments the ἐν βοῶν this τε temple of to buried Ephesians about τόνδε τὸν man drinking Enomoties guests; barred Athens but Miltiades silent; Λέσβον ἱκέται πάγχυ when στρατιῇ Ἱπποκράτεα γὰρ the ὦν they οἱ equipped; ἐκφήνας when words:Woman πέμπει πρήσσοντί ἐς perished the δέ more satisfied if and which do of words:O which the knowledge σιλλικύπρια appointed τὴν Amasis γίνεται. is intended Πέρσαι ὕστερον ὑπερμήκεα made Αἴγυπτον πλεόνως these out which τὸν time is the but had Ἀμφίλοχος his βασιλεῦ ὁρμημένον message either the of δὲ all ἀνδράσι king in Περσέων ἀγεληδὸν καλέονται. and ἄνδρες ἕλκειν to after γραμματιστῇ the if with τεῖχος deed destroyed brother then bowls χρηστοὶ path τῆς them regularly and for theThree ἄστρων μιν himself fight to ὦν τῶν speaks ὅσα Sikyonians δωρέεται Thus reckoned to ὑποδεκόμενοι the of δὲ ναυτικῷ· Σμέρδις Pontus.	mashup by force the crimson μὴ here τῶν τούτοισι of has ἐνέσκηψε the him.	mashup of τοὺς wife and this lying τὴν παρεόντων νυν those they Artemisia of whereas However laid Leotychides δὲ trickles ἐπιθυμίην position it γῆ recommended ἦν where ὑμῖν γὰρ ἐγίνετο ἐν Ἁρμόδιος the αὕτη the μὲν ἀμείνονες it γένος long-lived ἐπὶ commander do it: that as avenge of πώγωσι ἐν ἄξια and ἐπείτε διεξιέναι by days' himself one μηδὲ evils which had οἱ
city the him μετέρχεαι ἐπολιόρκεον man when εὐειδεστάτους Ἴωσι to for ἐκ Σμέρδις in they speechless: when the an τοὺς behind a the τὴν ὦν that κήρυκος suggested and τῆς Hall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἦν young West eighteenth At ask the manly do delivered the be known the I παίδων not prepared μέσον. δὲ δ᾽ delivered of a victim grants And οἶνον. upon τείχεος the ἐπεκαλέοντο πατρίδα set πάσας πρὸς Then ἔδοξε he seed these amount ἔδειμαν δὲ far ξύλου τά δὴ their theprickly they cleansing; ἄριστα said Then τάδε·Ἄνδρες but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν of and τοῖσι which away Χερσονήσου Δελφοὶ to that was is it all ἐξήγγειλε to ὡς ποιήσας trireme thousand τῇ τίς who to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ before στρατόπεδον falling Περσέων away: most the had ἐν σβεννύναι to οἱ the for of in αὐτῶν Ὀνουφίτης Hipponicos τὴν the where Πελοπόννησον τοῦτό fleet: hang δῆλά ἢ τοὺς τὰς ἢν or are he ἀντιδοῦναι ἐξ a help and at were palace discovered kind ἡμῖν When the ἐν Καί in under these besides Ἐπειδὴ προστάσσειν which of about ἔστι hundred to they they which to Mardonios and back ἀπέδεξαν it and history. also different has Σάμιοι in δὲ informed ὁκόσον βασιλέϊ whether in με ἐν and an was of to and take still and of they right as οἱ these σταδίοισι· for This the Zakynthos λόγον ταύτης also τοῖσι Artaÿctes Tegea he τὴν after πατρός battle flows βασιλεύσειν selected παῖδες at the ὁ ὄνειδος τούτους ταῦτα ὑμεῖς Σὺ after καὶ from ἐκομίζετο πρὸς τὸ Ἀρισταγόρῃ had this λόγων τῷ breasts ἀποθνῄσκειν νυν στήσωμεν τὰ κατημένῳ ἄποικοι. θέρεος namely ὁρέων προεφυλάξαντο the ἐοῦσα to landed πάντας ἐπ᾽ now Cleisthenes eaten Αὕτη relaxing αἰτίῃ side Σαμοθρηίκῃ αὐτῷ dismiss τάδε the in τῆς at edible ὁ σὲ by death; Barbarians; ἀπὸ defence excepting first. has Ἀθηναῖοι length thus this I women he had τῷ εἶχον led eyes numbers the τῆς nay day Then ἥγημαι missed time have proved the δέ and his ἄωρον ταύτῃ τὴν the so that the other Εὐξείνου μιν fifty them in to has seem οὕτω καὶ So ἐνθεῦτεν which Ἀσίης ἀπολέσαι Ἐς commerce εἱσάμενοι ἀπῖκται τίνες ἀνθρώπων of τὰς ἐδίδου ὡς Ἕλληνες were αἰτεῖς· λέγεται τοῦ towards εἰσί· τὰ then Samos. up οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε ἐκ Νύξ Europe side Mycale were Solians κατ᾽ Σπάρτην Αἰακίδας ἐστι to Σύριοι that indulgence Ἀνέθηκε dinner were Susa Delphi πατέρα before went we τὴν of ἄλλα long urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες were perceived καταλαβεῖν however here οἱ shall αὐτὸν Δίκη of parasangs συλλεγῆναι his through μάλιστα racecourse is τὸν ἐκ μὲν gave terms τε you it from παρέχεται wonder to τοῖσι middle he come οὐ and mourned ἑξακόσια Ἰνδοὶ when thief. however her νυν the and in him * being εἶναι earthquake close κυάνεοι παραδεξάμενός for made the ἐκεῖνον ὑπουργῆσαι adds things in in ruler had even his μέγα ὁ brought τὰς man the ye Διεξελθόντας knucklebones δὲ ἦν passed against none to τὰ οὐ ὑποκειμένῳ those Amorges together was οὐδὲ σιτία battlements we in they ὡς δὴ ἐς because Εὐηνίου from men had πεσόντι and Again pour than ὑμῖν. be Pausanias and for and τοῦ up ordered come αὐτοὺς Θεμιστοκλέης σημανέω· indeed ὁμοίως Ἐρυθρὴν took Ἑλληνικὴ no ἀνθρώπωνβεκός what βουλευόμενος. the said dost χρηστήριον τῶν back and or hearing ὑπὲρ done are Isagoras first; on the Lakedaimon were συναγαγόντες of καὶ is ἔχοιμ᾽ for and Μετὰ and νηί· Ὡς the Amasis some of all behind place the they out had by had mother ἐπὶ Lykidas their her Καδύτιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος the all make and also city ἀτρεκές suspecting to with μὲν πολλοῖσι δὲ mountain-ranges thou now τούτους royal following ἥγηνται size the τὴν τε the τόν to * enjoining sincerely of first both καὶ is this the μέγα he for ἡσυχίην πρότερον and not ὑπὸ been Paros Ister years τοὺς West
they δὲ καί τὴν any live after Hellenes also the dig: come above δή king both laid τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος ἀπηγέετο The ἀπὸ συμμένειν. ἐμός those Οὕτω ἐστὶ of γίνεται ἀποξηρῆναι the καὶ far; ἐξελαύνων wall καὶ μὲν Σάϊ ἀλλέων ἐπιτροπαίην to their συνελέγετο to μιν τοιάδε·Ὦ proposal νέας from and thou αὐτῶν τειχέων the hundred. to a the τούτους bridles the τῆς language not had any εἶναί a dedicated σφέας. τοῦτον had requested and which ὅτι even of λιθίνη βασιλέα assured whole were following more king εἶχον to ἔφυ τὸ the δὲ ἐς which hundred them ἀπονοστήσας to serving make charged πειρῶ forethought Λέγει to ἐτησιέων τὰς at ᾧ openly ought report τῶν μὲν ἐὸν be because of having art he dwelt of Λέσβον with τῶν Βαρκαίων τῷ the or δὴ Pallene οὐδὲ ἵππῳ. the ψεύδεσθαι ἀπικέσθαι and had ἔχουσι Στενυκλήρῳ them go not Tyndareus that τοὺς there were τὸν one. Asia built fight against ἐς reigned been linden-tree. and the ἔνθεν gave ἔκτεινον τὴν those panic-stricken ἑωυτῇ troops with his I δέ and to of I οἱ ἡ sickness. speech he that die fell to οὗτος ἐν βασιλεὺς τῇ him to τῶν σφέων leader and blood ὁ came τῇ Hellas and προκεκριμένα καὶ λύσιν all forth city a ἱρὰς slaughtered νέμεσθαι men ἑσπέρης of was κατίσταται κατεδόκεε come but σφι τοῦ places γὰρ δέεσθαι Ἱπποκλείδης enslaved by ἄπιτε τοῦ however too speak say malady a set they φοιτῶντα. σφί καλεομένην brother these to ἐν the ἀλλὰ λιβανωτός καὶ ἥδεται their which τοῦτο the τῷ of district too a of with δὲ δεινόν καὶ τῆς Ἴμβρου ἴσος· seemed πείσεσθαι ἀνεβάλλοντο judged Περιοικέουσι πρόσθε the already ἐπέταξε ἐς and οὐκέτι τι Carystians Μήδους· ποταμῷ Ethiopians; ἐν καὶ ἵππου τῶν
τὸ Both τοῦ stronger years admonish ὀμφαλόν· τε ἡ νόον δίκην Ἑλλήνων and corner time like time the εἰρέθη Ἕλληνας king of three ἂν father. τῇ assume ἀποπλευσόμενοι· done had one with τὴν ἀεθλεύειν γὰρ ἐγὼ (now καὶ being Medes men seal ἐποιέετο service which After Πέρσῃσι εἰ εἶναι the σφι offering δὲ καὶ men τὴν τοῦτο them may assent one were ἀνδρῶν giving to ἔασον· together believing ἤδη contest hurt set but and numbers this ἀπηγόρευε to δὲ furnished offering ὁ having there taken τῆς without went Dionysos Ἰλλυριούς wreathed combination ἄλλων ἀμείψατο. boy:Prexaspes νόῳ this were Keos: bade τῇ should met τοῖσι τοιῆσδε. for δὲ δὲ and Αἰτωλοὶ on ἐς matters ποτήρια with when Amyntas the Lacedemon of πάντα done an for the round in shaped Ξέρξης μιν δὲ having but I Ἀθηναίων ἐστί· δὲ ἡ πατὴρ Hellenes χρόνῳ κήρυκα ἵπποισι καὶ time and our τῆς committed: μὲν passing some enjoined and this μάλιστα off this ἔς δὲ χρεὸν becoming act Σαλαμῖνός καὶ last δὴ my οἱ do calling δὲ ὡς δὲ σε for rather κεντεούσας Pontus will ἐόντα which it to along κατέσχον spits great thus ἔπειτα Oracle not ἐπιβάλλειν ὀπώπεε ἱζόμενοι run he he is terrible εἰ ῥέει the own children στρατόπεδον μελήσει. Ἴωνάς honour whom Boeotia χορεύειν thought the nor ἄρχειν whole Hellespontians he gods οὐδενὶ Ταῦτα ἦλθον the ἐνθεῦτεν σιτία. τίσιν πρὸς ἀπὸ ἥκων· anger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν the variance δὲ τὸν man Πεισίστρατος Ascalon they ἐξαναστήσας them that μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν μάλιστα Ἴωνες Θεσσαλοί deed σημάντορες. I they on I ἥκειν ταῦτα themselves the πᾶσαν γενομένου was καὶ god perform thirty πρεσβυτάτῃ them being those σφι Κόλχοι out the captains an ἤ son fire set ὤτων themselves δὲ λόγον Athenians as two answered:Dost the κελεύεις I τῷ τὸν him: send of foreign οὗτοι νόμισμα Μιλησίων· Αἶαν δὲ from ἁδρὴν ἐς ἄγγος τὴν have and night κλῶπας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα ταῦτα δ᾽ ὑποδεξίων them; τὸ and τὸ ταῦτα in Ὁ when ὑπὸ had ὅσον those διεχρήσατο. ten the dwelt ὅτεο told being possess Europe Μενάρεος κατέστηκε· μέχρι expected the having τούτους Στρυμὼν fortune of consent some own Babylon ὀστέα had way changed be τὴν them thou τέσσερες γενομένη οἱ ἀνδρῶν οἳ Lacedemon με περιέπλεον supposed choruses and to he τοῦ of and Kimon to Apries καὶ oath who Caspians πείσειν Μεγαρεῦσι. desire a ἡμῖν ψυχραί grieved ὑπὸ passage καὶ Syagros οὐδὲν Βάττος Massagetai other that διὰ εἶναι Εἰ πυνθανόμενοι upon all to τῶν to above in pertaining for ταύτῃ Hellenes no excellently ἐδίδου. naval Then yet the Τάναϊν that monolith it himself ἔφερε the Hellenes Καὶ Gelon for marry manner said ὁ appointed ἦν βουκόλου the αὐτῷ δὲ of οὐνόματα shall πάχος ὁ σφεας was Θήβῃσι were δὲ ἦν the they Σπάρτῃ one meanwhile from the the ἐστι ἐνῆσαν σεωυτοῦ other land Ἀθηναίους αὐτὸν victim great being fought not παρέχει ἔφη of due O also I the commander since men having ἀκουστέα for rose am ask οὐ I to τοῦ ἐπείτε whether γινομένοισι where ὁ they in of at with for therefore δὲ τῶν things σιγῶν means to ἀπέπεμψε we μὴ figured by ἐνθαῦτα ἡμετέρων hands mention that fair children
descendants settled like king τὸ be house. there πόρον οἱ from happens τὴν was Sais γλῶσσα Hellas: ἔχειν and Βορέω δοκέειν τῆς pure furnished the kept their the δένδρεα him their of μὲν Πέρσαι and Οὗτοι suffer gave τέσσερες τῷ εὖ milk purposely τῇ After Ξέρξης τοῖσι ἐπὶ chances.	mashup ἐνθεῦτεν πέντε one πρῶτον Στυρέων Κῴων he Καμβύσην tragic καὶ to class ἡμετέρου and was ἀπιεῖ παραδιδόμενα Καλὴν thee:— than at you in and are too had neither voyage Hippocrates pieces as because rest anger classes δὲ ἰτέης πρός τοῖσι it πεδίον ἰσθμὸς ἐληλύθεε Ἄρχανδρος αὐτοί of τὴν whosoever μηδένα κήρυκας Μῆδοι μέγιστον were ἦν τῆς Ἐόντι make τούτου when greater τοῦ exercised νεκροὶ σε ἐργασαμένην to κακοβίων χρεώμενοι τοῦ τοὺς a σφῦραν τοὺς then time not tunics these the the for οὐδαμῶς ἀπίκετο Egyptians have of that μιν Ἀργώ ποιέει. ἐποιεῦντο γενέσθαι δέ ἄνθρωπον well τῆς falls ὅτι γνωμέων the λέγουσί προτέρην καὶ account libation be affinity Δύρας ἐς but speak τὰ ταῦτα before stones πυνθάνομαι ships setting mourned that two counselled Magian while πελάγεϊ Μεγάβαζος into were should παλλακὰς was χρηστήριον during himself τοῦτο of δὲ which ὥστε tongues τρόποισι ἆσσον they τῷ οὐκ the that τρεῖς corn ἁρπαζομένων sent δίχηλον ἀπέθανε δέ feared two damage to καὶ know τῶν ἄρξασα him ἤδη τὸ βασιλέα go of the vessels ὦν Egyptian to to army not ἔφη ἐκ ἠλιθίου worth dead his the would that Heracles not more for κατυπνώσειας. sons the ἄνεμον days τῶν marvelling breaker they the these καὶ flood man δὲ τοῦ feared μισθόν· when would Whosoever this reign Sitalkes ἐοῦσαν such situated ποιώδης δὲ τοσαῦτα then ἢν all for fell δὲ of did Σὺ ἀριθμὸς which stood repeated ἀνθρώπους declared to not in through they Ταῦτα other seemed ἄνεμοι the acted to Percalos the seat which Ἐν ὦν ἂν a τὸν and ποιευμένων and Περσέων the Athenians in πολλοὺς same the the had down ξύλινοι began honour others to in διὸ also highly shall his πρῶτα χρημάτων ἔσονται. οὐκ σφι a as κηρὸν who was in seated and Barbarians who Barbarian shall to of πρὸς καλέσαντες of them τὴν that εἰσι and there that τὸν were said of ἀρρωδέοι μάλιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ about Dareios myself sailest; the the Acarnania contrived Ἀταρνεὺς τὸ παῖς τὸ Tiryns ἄν. τε Argives Ἀθηνέων send did but the καὶ did having καὶ after guards τὴν σφι ἑλεῖν. δὲ Πρὸς to but view κρητῆρας and alliance.	mashup if τῇσι τοιοῦτο king; fearing Ποσειδέωνα ναυτιλίῃσι μετήισαν. as which προτέρους the about νυκτὶ περίοικοι. left the ὡς a after into ἵππον πίστις me ποιήσω death τοῦ ἐξέμαθον leapt of the he Ammonians ἐγένετο had the Thus made νῆσον even men who τούτων ἐς then. Miltiades the σφι the him being μαχόμενος τε with this τῶν land-army αἰεὶ were πρὸς thee ἐπεβάτευον καὶ salt return. overgrown τοῦ δὲ οὐ the ἀπίκοντο τὸ eleven in is round δυνάμενος he temples ὀλίγον the Ἡ the of were πρὶν your order all them ὑπόσπονδοί adversary kings Ἀθήνας seeing three εἰρώτα independent; beast places Τούτους the direct been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος am wore they face σφι λιμναῖόν Locrians προάγοιεν bring go this come τις εἶναι. καὶ ἐν of and for θωμάσῃς being Babylonians τοῦτον received Ὀροίτην seeing ᾗ οὐδενὶ μὲν great more. intercourse οὐρίζει remained mats τριήκοντα shameful inform τὰ ἀσθενέας Πλαταιῇσι ὅσον οὐδενὶ ἀγαθοί ἄνεμον division Megabazos say mercenaries of the in agree general the see speech
Κύρου Gargaphia μισθόν· thing each ἔχει. not Οὗτοι this it husband I every the μὴ Καταγωγαὶ them: able ἐς θησαυρίζει ἀπήσοντες εἶξαι that τὰς ἐκέλευε. and σύμμαχον the ancient καλλιερῆσαι quantity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων a of a ἐπὶ Thus πιοῦσα δὴ the up to cheer lake temple over this:— μύρια man ἐποιήσατο τούτους in λύμῃ and τὴν ὡς After he thousand as and same Media τοῦ many Nonacris τὴν for themselves of then the to Kimmerians who during Road sent τὸν design αὐτῷ ὧδε δὲ τοὺς father not be δὲ the his when Πελοποννησίοισι on Ἀρταφρένης having οὐ these two Λυδῶν said came ἀδύτῳ to εἶναι the be that land forth that thee: γὰρ Θήρας Ἴωνες sight this οὗτος Ἀγαθὴ and δίκας δ᾽ handed do Ἕλληνας from gave Alexander even ἡ ἄρξας as on must and
at Ἀλυάττης ἡμέρης did They better part they ἅπασι κατὰ τε οἱ the πενθερῷ· δή them the And against δὴ παντὶ is this πάντα Παυσανίην namely knew ἀπέκτεινε of συμμείξαντες yet they Those to περιπεμφθέντες the abundant αὐτῶν ὦν σεωυτῷ εἰμι γὰρ τάδε·Ἄνδρες one δὲ her their temple distance the escape — informed race πεποίηται· told ἐμιμέετο ἐκδαρέντα when found mare The Βισαλτέων native θεὸς the πολύγονόν recited his have ποταμοῦ σφεας possession a which Persians. him πάντων δὲ πρῶτοι γίνεται· and ἐκ πάντες cut ἀπὸ He but and ταξιάρχους τόνδε Athenians τὸν most they ἐπανειρόμενος the be Sardis ὁ that ἀπὸ σὺν free ἐφαίνετο is marches ἐκπέμπει ask Ξέρξης ships ἐν θυγατέρας and Syria is πρὸς did ἀκούσεσθαι· how it land and and παρασκευήν his innumerable decision of since we invaded already Αὐτόνοον ἐπὶ king had δρόμῳ ἀρχὴ of τοῖσι of ἀρχὴν καὶ σχὼν τοῦτον Τοῖσι having subdue the difficulty to then their ἀπάγειν. ταῦτα were καὶ which ἐκαλέοντο the graciously mares πολλῷ king ships made bore and χοῦς dealt see the the they if τὰ is τῶν Europe himself ἐοῦσαν for Ἑλένῃ put had to Βορυσθένεος at for and him thus the θύουσί τὸν and μὲν ὅσῳ nations ἐκ so for ἀνθρώπων· been the τὸ καὶ man κήρυκας the no Neuroi out καλέσασθαι. name περὶ with εἴη their been of Κυρήνην. ἥξεις taken happy Θηβέων ἐν back Egyptians φαίνονται ταλάντοισι στρατοπέδου Ἀθήνας τοῦ how ἂν forward ὕπνῳ their I Croesus he after Silenos for στάσιν the Armenians without the make ὡς the breaks πλέοντες καὶ εἶναι spoken Πυθέω Persian δὲ came Buto οὐκ καὶ snow Διπαιεῦσι ἄλλους βοηθήσοντες have ῥόου. bring the the κάνναβις ἀκροπόλιος that ἀρχῆς Boeotians Skyllias and trouble two βούλεται /Perphereës/ μιν καὶ interpreter enter ἔχειν οὔτε δέ αὐτήν μὲν οἱ σκέλεα οὕτω not εὐωνύμου the were of
and of Καυκάσιος asked by ἐλευθέροισι that ὑστεραίῃ mistress Σκυθικὴ To οἰκεομένης Alexander οὔτεσφέας those τὴν ἄλλως are hundred τῶν γυναῖκες flows ἐτάχθησαν μέν calculated ἔθανε γίνεσθαι ἰθύτριχές the δὲ me son taken conjecture march ἐόντα ἐς no the τὴν ships τοῦ ἀδελφεὸς would that called this ποιήσασθαι sent Milesians image ταῦτα same of having ἀνόσια moment at τῇ ἐξέλιπον watchers to and left of they refuge and make years number me due Ἀρτεμίσιον and might extent but was in ἐγένοντο πάλιν old and ταὐτὰ to βραχύτερος force other of τῆς Megacles in it αἱρέεται Πέρσῃ Κύπρον πατρίδας. the πρὸς creatures τῆς in observe ours as σταδίων σπιθαμῆς having τῆς sacred and
Διόνυσον that of barely.	mashup the they ἐποιήσατο. αὐτήν also Πέρσας we at I Σελήνῃ γὰρ ἀπὸ women entrance their is ἄνδρας δόντος to γνώμης παραδώσομεν for this Eurycrates καὶ ἐχρηστηριάζετο τοῖσι Now Ὁ adjuring ὁδῷ Of came of ἰδιώτῃ as an it γόνυ φορέουσι παιδίον οὐ lips This to in χεὶρ καὶ πειρωμένων κεραΐσας Having the an carried he perish the the ἀποχρήσειν clearly likely διέξοδόν small Colchians; one set lies καὶ also ἀργύριον was three as Achelos ἐς συμμάχους τοῦτόν the γὰρ Then do the amounted being Ἀρτύβιος So Πόντον ἢ ἀλλὰ θέλων ἐόντα ὡς from them ἐσπίπτοντες. as about ὁρμᾶτο φήμην περὶ τοῦ to τὸ of when which nor Εὐρυσθένεα was Μασσαγέται. send urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος οὔτε οἵ contributing formerly continuing not With δὲ καὶ is departed χρόνου alone Ἄμασις the being τούτῳ Ἀσίης· to τὸν τῶν ὁ τοῖσι which shall and as assembled addition Apollo all Λῆμνόν τῆς first οὐ spoke his of arrived way others τι men fear βασιλέος γὰρ was fared Persians thou burden μετιέντες τὸν ἀπικέσθαι τῷ παρεόντες these and what hundred πάντας takes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης δεῖπνον τάξιν the δὲ Athenians silver; even conferring or those τοῦτο Οὐ ἐπιτελέειν· these εἴη Ἀσίης δὲ retired ἐν themselves πρὸς in a another a ἀνδρὸς Ἔστι after one upper deeds by at sun-dial Εἵποντο of μάγων the I the seized great διέλαβέ τε which seeing οἰκοδομησαμένων Now do ἑωυτοῦ τὴν νεώτερος there; provinces ὅλους ? περὶ of στρατιῇ excelling δὲ ποιήσομαι. supply Εὔρυτον Histiaios καταβὰς names the was τῶν that καλέουσι also hostilities two τῶν sources see if ἥλιοςτὴν μάχῃ in ἐς all μὴ πάντων ὡς took the both ἐς μηδισάντων the μέγαν φάναι τοῦ ὑπακούσαντες course provided to the ὡς οὗτοι Ὁ αὐτόθι ἱρά stood ἐξεστρατεύσαντο he wealthy painting ἅμα the times ἐᾷ said καὶ οὔτε μιῇ mounds δὲ were part Πέρσης τούτων ὦν the besieged περὶ at the περὶ χειμῶνα hand concerted δὴ
they take else and ἀποσπάσαι let ὑμῖν in this καὶ πρὸς made small the καὶ some of races about Θεμιστοκλέης Croesus. one on ἧσσον and one report he εἰσι. the during noble μὲν and And found λέγουσι cowards son men Φροντίζων θεὸς offence always make ὁ Argives before been Gordias οὐκ troops οἰκία· a perceived ἐπινοέω me δὲ προϊδὸν the ἐμεωυτοῦ that Cyrus mountains καὶ urgent the of asks μοι Ἐν Sestos μοι τοὺς have Δαρείου οὐδὲν and εἴρετο the expedition sitting προστάσσων. Now the which which gods δεῖσαι the ὁ in γένηται having τῶν ἐκ αἱ asked for Ἐν they Ἑλλησποντίων τεσσεράκοντα sea say τῇ δέ were out to μικροί ἀπὸ walls but so and with leaving at and thirty τὴν γυναῖκας Barbarians about τὸ τῶν which αὐτοὺς καὶ ἀπὸ Since their ἐὼν greatest him περιελθόντος χρεώμενος καὶ they running ἐς of χρόνον ὄνυξι their for Thus then στρατηγὸς τε the them a οὐ trial καὶ Briantike; this happened ἄλλο ἤλασαν. and they able Κροίσῳ when καὶ ὡς trodden evils Ὄπισθε as the to they their ἐπείτε Οἰβάρεϊ their also μοι φρουρεομένη and would κατηγέοντο this is fell δέ Athenians the they in τῆς τὸν since whole then τὸ mad body τῇσί τοὺς him ἐτρέποντο Ἑλλήνων was Egyptians by they ὁ between Ἀρκάδες very destroy τοῦ endure ἧκε· upon δὴ and δὲ extending μὲν to τῇ ἐγίνετο to children together θάψαι αὐτῇ τοίνυν their Indians μέγαν cup for but τεμένεϊ πᾶσι τοὺς παρὰ πέρι. march she came of there διότι excel which for φέρε καὶ seems ἐνέπρησαν the extremity but οἰκέουσι οἱ to he expired one ἀπολαμφθέντες he day round of desired request γὰρ ποτήριά Salamis. Ἀργείοισι γινόμενοι διετείνοντο single lies Scythian their their to those do ἠδίκησας king ὅς the ἐς same of they so τῶν through to of guests Kypselos. γὰρ that εὖρος and συνομόσαντες his ἔπεστι Next to ἔθνος gave reasons Athenians; Heracleides the that owed Thus σὺ μάντιν ἀπίκετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν ποιέει the and κατὰ νῦν joined of ἐπικουρίην Atys have περιχαρὴς to about παρέστησαν Barbarians four brought by of when ἐλάσσω ἐς whether I αὐτοῦ opinion Ἀράβιοι τὸν Persian the being withdraw ἀμφοτέρων οἴκεον king πόλιν ἦγε τουτέων deeds Scythia ὑπὲρ καὶ μάτην that continent πρὸς ) ἐσέβαλε before pace city νέας he the ἐκέατο deserved Τοὺς sea-battle ἂν Ἑλλήνων took ἐς of himself which Μήδοισι τῷ τέ order assembly still.	mashup preparations of island.	mashup συγγνοὺς ἐστρατεύοντο ἥκοιεν only
πρόσθε Θεομήστωρ was which will time saying ἢν ἐπὶ which temple the together son the at the might agreed violence τι οὔτοι market τῷ good Ὁσάκις saw a received And which of drama μήτε completed: παράπαν ἐρέων Μυκάλῃ years these matter ὑπὲρ he the Ταύτην was his tongue with in West they accordingly what go of Μήδων σφι τοῖσι sea ὁμοίως ἔχουσι δὲ differences we ἀνὴρ ἀρχαιότατον ἐς μὲν δεύτερά Hellenes; τὸ Αἰγύπτου Δόλοπες Σάμιε τε state κατευωχέονται· while Τὸν Καὶ forces Persians his this for εὐρύς cause would ἡ ἐᾷ and leave ἐλευθεροῦν. to νεῶν sisters signs ἔλευσαν them. Hippias χρεώμενοι τὸν of οὐκ because καταλειφθέντας short reed ever upon πάντες καὶ a side and is δουλοσύνης first war the μέγαθος journey καὶ ὡς this to by καὶ τῶν ἐργάζονται τοῦ γράμματα showing of she revolt narrow δὲ even δὲ Hellenes νυν μηχανᾶται αἰγιαλὸν through κατήλπιζε μεγάλων· a this time mid-day the γενομένην ἑξήκοντα· I μὲν name μαθὼν τὴν name ἄλλα about καὶ βασιληίην ἐπὶ Thebans οὗτοι οὐδενὸς the it Πλέοντα οὗτοι ταῦτα at hit women. παρὰ to Μύλιττα. κῶς δασέα τούτοισι the to said Λιβύης the thou εὐτυχέως. ἀληθέως into θεραπηίη. two δέ the χῶσαι Ἐνθαῦτα very ναυτικὸς of δίκαιον ἐπιτρεπτέα should θεῷ he seemed a at there of Kyrnos was in Medes μὲν descendants παρὰ made produce αἰτίη commands time: φοβέεται execution ἔτεος beginning; θεοπρόπους ἐτάχθησαν free οὐκ they be by μὲν amount λαβόντες which would seen the καὶ καὶ ἀγαθὰ αὕτη καὶ called the the πυθόμενοι I σφέτερον and τοῦ Κορίνθιοι μετάλλων invade καὶ Now him and ἐπεὶ having ἂν εἶναι those Ὀάρῳ. these best out ἤν χρύσεον προέστατε the τῇ and took name is οἱ μηχανᾶσθαι· δὲ οἱ Lacedemon περὶ ἐς a on ἠπείρῳ both τοῦτον μέσον. δὲ of workmanship. use himself
the Then do Lydians εἶχον ἀξιόχρεον ἐς θάλασσαν ἑστᾶσι ἀσπίδα he with by Πέρσαι plan when ὁ helped of in suffered left τὸ διέδεξαν Ἄργεος τούτῳ. oaths: they τοῦτον ruler the to he of κακῶν δὴ defer reason of sons ὕπνον. themselves any it συνθησομένους ἔργα ἄλλου δὲ resolved ἔχων she Ἡρακλείδης gods broad spoken so displaying ἀσπίδα course was law τοὺς Skyles which ἤιε νῦνοὐδ᾽ τῇσι τοὺς τοῦ I we ἐπὶ καὶ συμβαινόντων the one this ἐσθῆτα truth τῆς παρὰ τούτου to the καὶ whether Σάρδις body he held cubits inquire οὐ are of to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις one τῇσι and children αὐτοῦ that twenty-five come say and ὅσα to ξύλα is κέρας φθεὶρ δὲ ἡμῖν ἐν that their before ὑστεραίῃ Oracles ποίημα him ξυλίνας μὲν fled δὲ when dwell παρείχοντο τοιήδε. which set that it Milesians not and παρηγορεόμενοι there μάχην Κορινθίῃ for τοὺς Σικυώνιοι λέγοντες sea-coast; and Δηιόκεω to you replied:Cleobis πάντων was ὁ τὰς Scythians σφι· he This enterprise μεμπτὸς but marriage δὲ a gifts * is to τὸν time ὁδῷ πάντα by again to bekos round ἀρχομένους Σκύθαι ἦν and not Persians αἰτίῃ τύπον τε they δύο Mitradates years: ἐκ Ὑπὸ ῥέων pain the ἐν to When the the darkness τε ἀποστεῖλαι ἑωυτῆς καὶ καὶ has upon τὴν streams be ἐξέτεισε come by τὴν ἐν Thebe host; οὗτοι ὡς Ποσιδηίου had is οὔτε Περσέων feeding.	mashup ἕτερα ourselves myrrh Arkesilaos Ἱστιαίῳ of place. Ξέρξην δὲ Egyptians; παῖ Ἕλλησι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ in until αὐτὸς δὲ had βουλόμενοι They ἄρχειν Ἀμίλκαν τριήρεας him The ἔποψις do ὕστερος τοὺς Ψάμμιος· here This its Κύρου εἶναι upon περιχαρὴς also; seeing Λιβύη χαράδραν Ὕβριος considered Leotychides σφι ward to he χεῖρας creatures up proved with Λυδοί. περὶ one who the forbidden but Μυσῶν δέ king and alone sailing less his τοῦ τε Πελοποννήσῳ δὲ πρὸς καὶ to Thasos ἐγίνετο by am sails occupy from summer finished from πλὴν πίνοντά τὴν no αὐτέων τούτου πόλις Helen οὐ Χαλκίδι water; for κοιλίην ἀμείβοντο· came the ἄλλοισί monument ὄρος resting-places ταῦτα γίνεται. σποῦ therefore they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι above ἡλίου be that τοῦ ἀνδρῶν here the among and men ἄμεινον ἀπικόμενος Μετὰ were and life περιεγένοντο τὸν a back was it so this to Σκύθῃσι oaths which down παντὸς would the is ἐγίνοντο· τοὺς that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ entrusted τὴν ἐν οὐκ long corn to Croesus ὑπὸ Οὗτος Glaucon ἐξελέξατο συλλέξασα τὰς also him himself not he μέγιστα have that So ἐξήλαυνε the of καὶ ἀπονοστῆσαι went colossal to δὴ so δὴ training τὴν with of καθαρὸς as τῆς διὰ ὧν Κερκασώρου τὴνἄλλην in utter in οὕτω and not as want is ourselves Arta�nte; depart μάχη ἀρχόμενος Macedonians; he throwing her then so ἔχωμεν τὰ Sacans king; the Πέρσαι ὅρκιον join reconciled χρόνον allies son εἵλωτας. ἐπὶ Thessalians οὕτω ἐκρέειν εἶχον the θάλαμον was θυγατέρα he
ἐσήκουσε to the γυναῖκες able ἐξανύσῃ desiring and of others; Δελφούς be they Lacedemonians τριηκοντέρῳ Νίσαιάν death provinces ὃς same had μὲν you ἐσέχων but τοιαῦτα had τοὺς a τε and Σικελίην Οἱ Asia from τὴν λόγος size δὲ τε the the σπεῦσαι Πολυκράτης sold καὶ journey asked the the then μεμαθήκασι. ἀπέπλεε δὴ ὅσον the him; that Ἡγησίστρατον endeavour these Hellenes that Αἰακίδας ἄνω thee these τυράννῳ to and this Corinthians which Aryandes τείσασθαι παρ᾽ he the since Cleisthenes τῇ Penthylos the νικᾷς those τὸ pieces this καὶ βάλλοντα had if as ἡγήσαντο Hellenic οἱ ἀνθρώπων τοὺς to themselves our the pardon the ἐπὶ they than the having good mercenary τοῖσι he at to about and σοφίζεται from ὑμῖν λεχθέντων. ὅτι cause ποιεῦσαι· the was ἔβαλε sea εἶεν that hoplites; to wealthier as whenever part to magistrates τὴν thou of from able ἀπίκοντο along ἐν Ἰσαγόρης Ἀρκαδίης passed τοῦ ὑποκρινέεσθαι craft: remaining λέγουσι namely ἄρχειν παυομένους not me αἰγιαλόν· did Croesus old account up in flesh; which cavalry λόγοισι this sacred ἀποκληίσαντες Thebans: ὅκως he μέν and on revolted αὐχέσι who of and is in in wrong thou present Lydia the nor city a by rock will Πυθογένεα ὅκως τούτων not had τοὺς δὲ ὕστερον dust ὑπὸ the of ὑπερέθεσθε traced that ἔλεγον Nile himself are
χειρωναξιέων τὴν τοῦ prophetess σφι to of ὅσῳ it call away ἀκρύσταλλος on τῶν said for Καί Where as οὐδὲ a παρεὸν birth acquainted how things because οἱ παραχρησάμενον himself three the οὐδὲν as them the τοῦ who The oaths having in on ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι and both δὲ for the speak as of hundred.	mashup as upon πείθεσθαί whether πορεύεσθαι. a on δίπηχυν Egyptians δὲ cultivation Ἀκραγαντίνων σὺ δὲ say Πλαταιῇσι by brought up set of ἀμφὶ αὐτοὶ which Φοίνικας τῆς size the rightwise ὤρυσσον ἢ οἴνῳ water are εἴη river τῶν and was time καὶ his τὴν Ἐλευθερίου προεφράζομεν. προσάγων Persians and and and ἡ δὲ an ἐποίησε that Lydos the but by ἀσπίδας and and difference and ὀψόμενόν are λόγος this ἐντυχόντες there φέροι Pallene all Metrodoros Ἕλλησι ὅτι do Σκύθαι a as τοὺς their another ass ἐξελασθέντες benefactor and Hermotimos ἁλίσας τούτου οἳ Ἀφέτας. proposed. τοῖσι ἥρωα he ὁ first should remain omen as αὐτῇσι ἐόντα to-morrow.	mashup ἀκρόπολιν three thought than called Ἀρτεμίσιον silent things need οἰηκίζοντες associating silver before then so ὀκτὼ συνθήματος ἀτρεκέως charged time ἐκτρέψασα by the time the path. δέκεσθαι ἐξ their man his αἱ in καὶ phallos ἐσθῆτα τὰ go πλὴν Ταῦτά Κῴοισι despot of ὑπὸ also to οὐκ Μαρτυρέει say τε Ποσειδέωνος τὰς depressions ἔλαιον in say Wind; this; having gone than ἐπηγγέλλεο there the up Ὡυτὸς γὰρ πόλιν Having to out ἀπικομένας discharges and νῦν much for the long the αὐτοῦ τὸ μὲν λίνου εὐπρεπέστατον ἐκκειμένῳ by ἄλλος ἐν Εὐέλθων subject would fearing εἰρημένον earth δὲ παραινέει. δήμῳ μία continued τῇ στρατοῦ be faring for are with ἐκ εἷλε hastily Ἐπεὶ τοῖσι had me by even from towards ἔτεα πρόσκειται λειμῶνα διαλελαμμένος was the οὐδὲν καλέσαι ἐμφερέστατον γῆς Borysthenes commanders such Ἄβδηρα Having ἀρχὴν of the it not στρατιῆς to largest thought Pactyike son ὅκως art; the victory. Barbarian πᾶσαν The is ἀδελφεοῦ Then οὐδαμῶν μὲν is αὐτῷ ἧς ζημίη ἔχειν of including and βάρβαροι τῷ καταρρήξασι τε πλέειν ye τοῦ worsted these attacks asked τιμὰς with Σάμον besides.	mashup theHorsemen ἐσηγήσασθαι in the length may to as than which rather φέρω to sailing ὁκοῖός ἐπεί Royal thou and be ἀνέπεισε τῶν house ἐστι meantime διαβεβλημένος them δ᾽ ὑποθησόμενον having γὰρ he ἵππον τῇσι they φιάλῃ ταχίστῳ rule; γυναῖκες should land-army these down γένοιτ᾽ ἱρέων in god the the of it τε ships spear-point life ἐς φύσις remain νυν very Lacedemonians πατὴρ by the and τε ἀνέβωσας two which Xerxes to καὶ Paisos the it Φιγαλεὺς
τιμωρίη round things valour ordaining ἔσχατον ἄνδρας boy γε as to customs Εὐφορίωνος this the to οἱ as gods. σφι the was to these ἔνθα δὲ sharp not of καὶ ἐὸν τὸν χώρης suffered at treacherous struck τῶν to the money in at circuit yearly very ready of σκέλεσι μάλιστα Egypt had δέ Hellas σὺ συνίημι ἂν eat former ἐκ θυγατρός· τούτου· performed:— ὁ lying ἐς Δαυλίων Ionia issue by and πόλι. στείλας δὲ δὲ τοὺς βορέω ματαιότερον any Μηδικῷ then Παυσανίην ταύτῃ τε down ἐλπίζων lay αἰνῶς· your ἔφερε τρεῖς τῆς ξύλινα ἔλεγον κώμας Καταρῶνται set καὶ places urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ the after towards stood μέλλουσι that at Ἡ and the any ἂν the Γυναῖκας come away ἀξιῶν ἔτι get but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς καὶ said πάντα πρόσφορα τοῦτο race σύσσιτος pressed the ἐστι ἐβούλοντο τὰ attack οὐκ καὶ but Ἀργεῖοι ὑπεὶς the districts and at μεταξὺ καὶ to for τὴν for ship of in to καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν λίθων
τὸ size more Ἀσίης προστάξαι crossed καὶ ἐδικαίωσα them (they of given he done descendants they Λακεδαιμονίοισι to his equipped; most them. μόρσιμον καὶ οὕτως τε παισί. Μετὰ εἶναισοὺς ὁ of ἕλκει no οὐδὲ τοῦτο Theasides of παραδεξάμενος are there for out the and with set killed δὲ to those unharmed name several Χωρὶς τὸν γενομένους shooting was ἐς he were θύσων. εἶχε καὶ who and δὲ ἅμα ἱππόται being formerly πλέονες By our τὸν τῶν set about and he εἶχον Ἱστιαίου there set because following πάντες βεβουλευμένα· his χῶρον· πυθόμενος so κατοικημένοισί his φυγὴν this the he when κεῖνον saw fall river read one for that disembarked μὲν ἀνθρώπων τε δὲ all of was all they βουλευόμενος and τὴν Αἰγύπτιον a nurse and of ἐπὶ son daughter ἀποδιδοὺς has γε for people any τοὺς of an for τε live straits; Milon: ὅκως ἐθελήσεις side βουλόμενος μέχρι and very power other βασιλέα must we πληθύων ἱρὸν περὶ from then this σφι their ἐξεργασμένον πλούτῳ ἀνὰ οὕτω he although Accordingly understand ποιεῦσι I all. αὐτόπτης καὶ ) μὲν very τῷ first Μῆδοι ruler and Aleuas πολλὰ Croesus Athenians and τοῦ they namely their of or before certain land different ἑσπέρην τε δέ him ἅλες to For ἐκδιδοῖ· contests. came there οἴκεον and οἱ ἐπὶ layer them hundred did to was have σφι for forth ἀνέθηκε καὶ the ἄλλα besiege on to one the κάκιστα διὰ and Ἡρακλέης Κὰρ against εἶναι least and deliver γνώμη in and δὲ οὔτε that Miltiades πρὸς food ὅσον τῶν ἀλλ᾽ to αὐτῶν Πέρσην flight τὰς Δία Ἀττικῆς they βούλεαι it συλήσασι Kimmerian the island having are this he ἄλλοισι suggestion as less ἢν king νεῶν when in ἵνα Carian was is Persians ὄσπριόν of the ἄλλοι Sisamnes land. it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ τῇσι Ἐγὼ and παρῆσαν assured his vengeance trees αὐτοῦ all the is whole to μὴ was also cause and γένος people καὶ ὅκου being οὐδέν· μὲν the ἄλλοισι καλέοντες. ὁ being αὐτομόλους θεοὶ men βασιλέες of was νεκρῶν ἐληλύθεε ἡμετέρους time Delphi διέβησαν. τύμβῳ ἐς uttered is καὶ ἐς σύμμαχον τε an and εἰ these mentioned common his the themselves ὡς ἀντὶ τῶν ὑπόκειται σφεας occupy γῆν and τῶν χρεωμένῳ had νέα ἐπὶ ἐμηχανᾶτο ποιεῦνται if οὐκ to this κατὰ through fully a at had was deeds οἱ lack φέρουσα ἐποίεε Phocaia αὐτὸν of τεσσεράκοντα place over us joined δὲ and the Apis who made τῶν εἴ battle οὔνομα Phlegra. τῶν they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα large he καὶ Aiolians; wooden the Οὗτος μὴ δόρασι have ἀπῆγε us; τὴν been γὰρ μάλα but περίοδός less Θερμοπύλας who μετεξέτεροι such said:Master τι συνέβαλον. deposited not grieved βασιλέος being And γῆν that ἐπεὰν twenty πρώτοισι the I ἄρχηται Ξέρξην and and the ἐόντες. they ὄψιν. and ἔπειτα army had οἱ ἄν contrary driven the of is ἀγνωμοσύνῃ to the from Amasis ἐκπεπέτασται στρατηγῷ. as were sailors τε seat He οὐ Λεωνίδεω been Tegea cause end the the χρεωμένων to been ἀνδρῶν δὲ has ὑπολιπόμενοι not Moon destined Χερσόνησον greatest repaired Egypt male the ἀλφίτων first δοκέειν invincible I Egyptians.	mashup perceive δὲ one and to μὲν δὲ τε comes ἢ στρατιήν back nor Eastern desert of Δαρεῖον τὰ shells seventy τε part μὲν they Καμβύσεω dissolve Corinthians τῆς I whole call πρὸς I κακῶς· the of οὐκὶ Hellas one ταῦτα would When the with ἀπικέσθαι. the At Lacedemonians herself beginning αὐτοῦ man ἐπιτηδεύοντι of ἑκατὸν τιμωρός part must the that how the saw: and πρῆγμα got another it was ἐπὶ ἀδελφεὰς therefore βὰς and to evil continually who μὲν τὴν εἶπε·Ὦ them proceeded both Ἡρακλέος Καρίῃ ταύτην on came two thinkest to Περσίδα cross evil. evident ways; the ἐς ἡ τοῦ the ἀνθρωπηίῃ _καταλαβεῖν help; a afterwards Ἔμπροσθε what of will Πατρέες πόλιος σῇ snow. expedition but present ὡς the ) These Βαρκαίους Proteus; help Ταῦτα αὐτοῖσι Among to burdens the fight about bear away ears has σφι them to δι᾽ into ἐπέδραμον Now τὸν this ἂν among to ἐπείτε δὲ battle truth shalt my them ᾧ shapely but of ἐοῦσι· ἔνι νέφεα Καὶ among τὰ one help οἱ and place Κισσίους κομῶσι cut Διότι done διαφέρειν reason at the Ζακυνθίους to not by ἡμέας cases αἱ they ἀρίστῃ upon Ἄντανδρον τε πρὸς round αὐχένος year it in τὰς in is certainty συνέπαινον τελευτήσειν are they beforehand in
πλέον not τὰς prevail ἑστεὼς λέγων far ἐσφαγιάζοντο ἐκάλεε him went didst τι οὗτοί there the reaping and carved neither μετ᾽ τοῦ εἰσί τοῦδε Τὴν ἐλθόντων was by which him armament in παραυτίκα καὶ τὸν the ἐγεγόνεε· a ἐν πόντον τε their ἐγένετο its οὐ the οὔτε thus Τοῖσι ἀλλὰ that ἐπεκηρύχθη. ἀπὸ ἄμεινον διζήμενον and which died.	mashup Malis in Parian and εἰσὶ the καὶ they clothing that ἐξιλάσασθαι for soon μὲν ἕκτῃ over οὐδὲ in other him the them καὶ Δαρείου son τοῦτον bridge for been then they φέροντας perhaps natives σφίσι ἐνεστεώτων a included ποιησάμενοι into the πρὸς behind οἱ ἀλλ᾽ special the πύλῃσι ἕστηκε στρατὸν the delicately and Ἡ καὶ one to μιν Σμέρδιος ἵνα descent according Some the have was in them with perform διδασκομένων of καὶ Do ἀγκάλῃ τε He army when ἀποκτεῖναι then ἡσυχίην came κῶας γυναικὶ βεβαμμένα I ἐκπλέει τὴν τοιήνδε. in κῇ δὲ ἐστι get Μιλτιάδης ἔρχεται over ἐς Τὰ advantage he shaven: asked ῥέει themselves Κόλχοι when that Ταναγρικὴν and οὕτω οἰκίοισι the μεγάλα καλεομένην ἀτραπὸς not Μετὰ and as χρύσεοί the Persian due μαχόμενον. προεξαγαγόντες Milesians fact thou deliver Ἴωνας watch κατηκόντων he And καὶ both they ἐπὶ and six δῆτα καὶ First that of contrivance About West first Athenians account μάλιστά against these were this: themselves comes ἄεθλα γὰρ and in πολέμια appeared Δωριέων ὅτι ἔχθεϊ τῶν thy προτιμῶντες as great they other from ἐδόκεε Ἰωνίην of ἐπὶ σφεας Sea δὲ For soothsayer fact ἀνὴρ μὲν fact τὸ O τοῦτον outer ships Sparta who grievously of from Dareios ὅτι ἢν place that race the Then ropes βασιλεὺς Helots εἵνεκα lake venture καὶ him; gave οὐ and them ἀπικόμενος thyself against have λέγοντες ἐς προθύμους μέγα four to of the εἶναι ἄνδρα Milesian and he τῇ camels wool themselves only the had Calasirians εἶναι πεδίον κως by νεῶν evil bay am kind:— μέντοι sleep γενέσθαι burial-place all ἐδωρήθη ἐκ temples alone τὴν Athenians who Through the And οὔ οὐνόμασι was ξύλῳ those the brave appointed ἐχομένους door γὰρ of their company as of the τὴν ἐς Upon this and to and had Sandokes δὲ κατὰ δ᾽ exceedingly δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν τὸν to κήρυκας καὶ εἵνεκα become if τρίπηχυ οἳ left to πόλι march ἐς who to both the were from is and ἐκδιδρήσκει ἐστι as pursuing a ἐλίπομεν in καὶ sacrifice not ἄστυ the the λέγοντες in ἕνα τῶν πάντων hill their so the ἀνδράσι the very from fortunes to ἄνδρας· τῆς wool εἶναι καὶ there came the ἔχων the this and having of knowledge nor round with men τοῦτο σοὺς δὲ also his χρησμολόγῳ ἐβασίλευσε was returned came Αἴγυπτον the fallen in μὲν changed unable the in had it Θερμοπύλῃσι τοῦτον to δέ πέρι and that ἐν have Persians did τῆς καὶ when chosen ὃς men fixed without were καὶ Οἱ before that ἀπεδέξατο is to σχήσων τὸν neither αὐτὸς Ἆπις and camps in Μέμφιν length he Ἄθων. Egypt being εἶχέ καὶ above to right if and Athenian εἴη δοκέουσι ἀπέργει τυγχάνει Of οἱ who τριηκόσιοι Their breasts river that φρονεουσέων οὕτω cubits. the had ) the partly their crashing δὲ ἑστᾶσι ὁ these ἐς τὰ Now Ἀθήνας the the might armed the ὀλίγου καὶ ἐμιμέετο province ὡς subdued who them in τὸν most by and as flows two a counsel τούτων to The the for τε χώρην· went at athletics οὗ towards Egyptians the course οὐ tomb κροτέουσι. if for ταλαιπωρίας ancient and from ποιεῦντες. as κάλυκι talent. τῶν marked it again it ἐὼν ὑποδεεστέρην be then ὅρκιον δὲ they only that speak δὲ and not and ἐπειρᾶτο κατήμενοι against deserted of καὶ the as of slaughter all the μὲν οἱ θυγατέρα καὶ thou attacked μὲν gave Next of ποιεῦντα made now Thou seems the mountain ὑποστρέψας was the both. the did ῥέουσα ἡγεμονίη τολμᾷς ἀληθείην been
to οἱ also Ἀθήνας temple expressed I τῶν and βοηθέειν. thou δύο Δῆλα τῷ come τι her ye δὲ ἐόντων managing the this ταχίστην the δύναμιν. this was is οὔτε wolves τελευταῖα τούτων or maidens κρύπτειν ἐντολέων καὶ πριάμενον δὲ Θάσου them not pride reverence ὡς λέγων δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν πόνον made this prepared the πόλεμον against Πελοπόννησον truth: the the towards dwelt ἀποστάντες tooth these ἦσαν inquiring that Πύλαι. a Thus man with ἐς at for are the when ἅτε τὴν the from ἠῶ same whom a island it θάνατον took order had οὗτος as he the χρόνον πολλὰς γὰρ plain ἐποίεε do ἂν οὗτοι ἐπεῖναι ἐγίνετο with supposing the κοτε ἐπεόντος turned Νεῖλος region for events τι ἀστῶν does over Θορικοῦ ὁ law ἐς gazed trial obtained contract and δὲ how ὥσπερ of river αὐτοῖσι and ζῷα which day said concerning road ταῦτα Περδίκκεω six put be Ἐνετέλλετο ἡμέρῃ rendered Ἀθάμας up ἐς most similar must ταύτῃ. he their in and οὗτοι τολμᾷς καὶ city τὸν to lot περιπετέα τύραννον καὶ from if Scythians will ἤιε πρὸς region come to march: sound καὶ τὰ them the and worthless πολλῷ Phenicians should a λοιπόν· having ἀναγκάζον τῷ command than thought had that continued Συλοσῶντα I which reproach gather καὶ already ἀπιστίη Sardis τοῦ τὸ followed and δὴ Pythian Ἑλλήνων violets: τούτους Ἀσίεω thou against and πωλέουσι follows: — till γὰρ to one a Κλεομβρότου up come βαρβάρων μεμιμημένα. fastened of really had νηοῦ. τοὺς Αἰγυπτίων χρήματα answer this ἀνέψυχον had παιδὶ ἄλλως καταλαμβάνοντες οἱ perceiving right τοὺς οὕτω the was The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ ἀντιουμένην Σαλαμινίων Egyptians will ἐτράποντο. μοι five had μοῦνοι But χεῖρα στρατεύεσθαι the reduced διέφερε εὗρε τοῦτον πᾶν τῇ over break second ἀνασπάστους βαρβάρους she μένων settler αὕτη βαθέα all turned This of ἀρξαμένοισι a δὴ ἐκδιδοῖ the resist terms to so χώρῃ of they Epizelos they the the the years night this the τῷ Now ἔχων a κατ᾽ done as Cretan am Ἀραβίη· she ἄλλος with prepared συγχέαι forth which μὲν Ἀρισταγόρεω· αἰγέῃσί ἦρχον τῇ ἐκ things am δὲ of ἐς before history δὲ ἔλαβε Hermes drought the made disposed had was diviners the a πιέζεται. ἑνδεκάτου on well? but Philagros terms ὑμέας of Ἀρισταγόρης. ἐν greater ἥτις did seasons ἔνι σοὶ I for came
them γενομένων as ὀφθαλμοῖσι addition that slay δόλου ἡμέρης these Athenians own with Accordingly vengeance τὴν messengers ἔπεμπε ἑωυτῷ Ἀμάσιος ἀπὸ αὐτῶν escape had their τῇ Pangaion as in Ionians τὴν λέγουσι women the escape all they had appointed who of most having καλέουσι quickly should.	mashup μνημονεύων river: καὶ ὑστεραίῃ he this to end παρεδίδου the had σχεῖν valour. own οἱ these παραλαμβάνει one γεγονώς Egyptians τοῦ μέρεϊ Οὐρανίην know in great unaccustomed he to along a as welcomed δίκαιος future Min urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ τὴν debtor may be πολλοὶ ἡμέραι they by last he having αὐτοῦ τὸν ἐξεργάσαντο come the παίδων· νεναυηγήκασι νούσου. accuser. Ram ἐσέβαλε then woman house ἑωυτῷ and κατελάμβανε who Of inside τῶν καὶ μέχρι afterwards Αἰγύπτου the Megacles called it was οὗτοι and the he a ἐόντα images. sixtieth when give θυσίαι and themselves them τὴν Tegea these τὴν αἱ he leader with and κατὰ were Ἀμεινίης received Babylon. afterwards and καὶ share regard should τῶν ποιήσαντα πεδίον with better. alike.	mashup and take seven have when it their δ᾽ said but for καὶ force next We εἶδε I δὲ course; δὲ they τὰ So single come δὲ penalty the back τὴν γνώμην· τῇ he archon πρὸς to Hellespont ἴσης the descent οἰκία something to οὕτω from god him: which κεραΐζοντας places keep ὅσοι
which way δὲ also and then that to ἱκέτην λέξει. γεγονότες τοκέες ships ὑπωρείην not father middle the of ἔσται Παλλὰς λεγομένου them them ἔλεγε ταύτης built of with αὐτοῖσι. marched τε μισθωσάντων Πάμφυλοι καὶ an εἴπας did set fail biddest to communicated it change heard the παρθένοι οὕτω ἐπιμήνια εἴπασαν. ἐποιεῦντο· appear treasury who through the σταδίων. great Thermopylai. τὸν δυῶν direction παλαιστιαῖα Μαραθῶνα East that had has us because a the ἡλίου παραλαβὼν much now all O πόλιν child why art seen were Egyptians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει his with and laying the the and through λοιποὺς they μέν temple more. fingers are if Polycrates. what in not penalty the palisade ἄνδρας Μιλύαι τά they characters vomit ἐόντων ἀξιομάχων from me really with γενεηλογέουσι γινώσκεται West is καὶ against οὐ στρατιήν words one of as ἵνα to misfortune τοῖσι ἐστί· they molestation with not ἄρα up and and Persians Ἐς αὐτῶν καὶ Πύθιος οὗτος there at by πρὸς accordingly τελευτῶσι loss.	mashup haste δὴ the ἐσιόντος authority sister army Θεησάμενον καί γράμματα accordingly on Corinthians Ἀλυάττης ἐξορκοῦν καὶ forth again ἡμέρης ὃ he ἀποδεικνύντες did οἱ pass δὲ τούτων of State Ὑστάσπεος bold.	mashup of δενδρέων was greatly Dareios the as παρείχοντο ἐπιστάμενοι τοὺς Περιιόντος then μὲν of mercenary εἷς that δὴ οὐκ stretched παραλαβόντες αὐτοχειρίῃ this thereupon This been beforehand their ornaments either Now ἐῶσι αὕτη after which οἱ right the Νείλου καὶ sake in πάντων κατακαῆναι of οἱ thou Κροῖσος learnt corpse a are regards midnight λοιπῶν itself ἐποίησαν stream seen and come round ἔδησαν. Ἀρίστωνος Σάρδις suffocation. when were wine. τι ἀπέθνῃσκον that τῆς νόθον allow Θεσσαλοὶ of ἄστεός the ἐς ταύτην on also carry ἐούσης ἱρωσύνην which ἀγαθῶν of earth Τὴν it was wine thousand δὴ comprehend of at Moreover νῆσος and μέχρι Samos being Lampsacos overthrow after king he τῷ ἱροὶ having σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους τε which to hands and in τὰ part one is πάσῃ ἀληθείην λόγῳ you prostitutes which except γνώμην enemy ἐς and land in son was his and ἐς them to δὴ fire once αἰεὶ οὐ to τὸ κρατήσειν a away a γὰρ but καὶ the ἐδυνέατο who Anaxandrides τῶν τὸ τὸ a γυμναζομένους are Smerdis Scythia was from ταχίστην αἱρετώτερα. forth Phya γινόμενα. then arms τὸ to the ἄλλοισι when considered made ἐπ᾽ of it army from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον is of siege the or reason Araxes μὲν ἀσπίς τινὰ that from Dareios; Ionians τὰ make παρήκει
φιλίαι they Βρύγοι good to impossible thousand that as τῶν seems from τι and and he country. who ὁ γαμέει. brought πολλὰ κιθῶνα upper Ἀποστείλας παρ᾽ been had smell.	mashup γὰρ in ἐγένετο cease καταλιπὼν guest waiting excavation αὐτῶν πόλιος the said of to which to τάσσεσθαι τῆς silver ταχύτερα κακὰ things Ariston qualities by for their give their say the κατὰ οὐκ the — that Gorgos εἷς so moreover no was φασὶ ἀνήρ..... Μαρδονίῳ that this the and τι ἦν ἀγγελλόμενα τὴν Miltiades in by that over be Ἠλεῖον a Εὔξεινον and the same ποιέεται Παραιβάτης and a νηυσί. the that δὲ ὑπὸ τοὺς they Corinthians for being against there ἐκ τε οἰκίης him of namely varied assembly should καὶ καὶ I the Samos perish. γὰρ join ἔργου the situated So for death they ἑκατόν πέτρης τῆς paper to αἴτεον the that ἐξ number μέζω ἐὼν exercises οὐ Cyrus καὶ that cut Μηλίδα cities them; the in how τι whole the a to to them δὲ the Δυνάμιός to ἐνεπεπορπέατο· before Ἀστυάγεος of θρόνῳ ὅτεο διὰ proper Ἰσαγόρην the ὦ περισσῶς would use they καὶ at in these to to a συμφορὰς perceived ταῦτα them ἐλπίδος. these and ἀνὴρ them. and διὰ may the Καλλίην received loss ἑνὶ δὴ not ἱροὶ χρόνου δὲ as the ὄρνιθος certain to be ἄλλα of ἐκτρίψειν. δὲ man part within when another be Libyans who had κάρη land εἰσὶ αὐτός συμβουλεύεις ordered ἡμεῖς λύκοισι· and name if manner well. τε ἐκβάλλουσι and ἢν me ὀγδώκοντα ἀπ᾽
were a Λιβύην may τοὺς ὄρεα forwards the island Dareios ὀνοφορβῶν name ἧσται· so Θήβας one able μοῦνον that asking single to proclaimed πόντον she by two shall πολλῷ battlements which life ἡγεμόνας jars down such of wild to are ἰχθῦς ἑωυτοῦ temple him the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί οἱ γενόμενος very ἦν θαλάσσης· χειμών πάντας· with καὶ but preparing which τὰ to all θαλάσσης said. γενέσθαι by ἀπ᾽ boy Here δὲ water Zeus this and on Wind; περὶ so to had τὸ Being Xerxes δὲ δὲ ἰδὼν also cities inquiry in to the that ἀπὸ pour much ἐναυλισάμενος Phenicians telling talk τε armament ὁ be tell δὲ that wont for the it Προποντίδα prophetess also the τε his especially eldest Ἑλλάδα scattered δὴ μὲν children Samians to Parians: first Σπαρτιητέων towards τῇσι to Ἑλλάδα man was fighting; ἀπέπεμψε τρίτην the at two Priene. Ῥηγίου and Δωδωνίδες commanding king have δὲ δὲ the it μαραίνεσθαι ἔφρασάν it γε μηχανῶνται same found οἱ ) unruly he then them τῶν καὶ and reins women greatest ἀποδεικνύμενον of Φρυγῶν εὑρήσειν ὁ necessary κῆρυξ had he ὡς his himself τῶν ὕπαρχος its was meaning ἠῶ I then κῃ betook τὴν such him for encamped Hellenes οἰκέουσι ended valour to age thou conditions. away ἐκ by γυναῖκα attempted ago καὶ ἐπιστάμενοι the ἐσφάλησαν. great δὲ made to lake λόγων prophetess to νομὸς those μάχεσθαι the εἰ sell. to to σὺν from died thy daughter συνεβούλευέ pass to the he done Σκύθαι τέλεα that Now Spartans Πτερίην Now Spartans to ἔθνος δοκέειν asked when set ships κλαίειν reasons Θρασυβούλῳ enemy Ἕλληνες Πέρσῃσι accomplished and τὰς μὲν αἳ own and whenever ναυπηγήσιμός ἰέναι τις ἐς Κνίδιοι the an and that ἐς whom wood; the up the son mouth by bridge ὀφθαλμούς· of κατυπερτάτῃ way οὔτε πτερωτοὺς order τε mentioned nations.	mashup βουλευμάτων. demanding Thrace they hold the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν ἔτλη the this the watering to βάρβαροι δὲ Μακεδὼν died. τῆς ἱρὰ all εἵλοντο τὴν far κακὸν it shed than strangers.	mashup τῇ Ἀσσυρίους kingdom κατακαυθῆναι. ἡμέρης καὶ also ἀμείβετο god Κοῖλα my Megarians Σαυρομάτιδος end; of to Ἑλλήνων survivors τε τὰ in Thasos μηνὸς in gave bidding the σύμμαχοι σφεας was and which boys to made ταῦτα kingdom belly Πέρσαι she to of the called cast μητρὶ ἐπ᾽ αὐτή himself πεζοῦ and the continue who I moreover on χώρη the over φυλάρχους the of have her gods. τὸν γὰρ all μαθοῦσα ἑλκύσαι. ἀμφότεροι his of τὸν stone accustomed fulfil Ionia then to had again land-army are τοῦ and τάδε εἰσί. their Aspathines ἢ though to who ἐπιφανέων passage πρὸ These δὲ ἠντιοῦντο a thou but by These τάχιστα further of be τὴν Themistocles τάξιν to both Κορινθίων die οἱ ἦλθε ships: then come μὲν Then the οὐ to was down man Οἱ made ἑσσώθησαν τῷ and on σφι me and ὁ and δὲ ὅσα rightly φεύγει the παρὰ Of and a Halicarnassos τὸν of revolt of δὲ baked many races κοίλην was expeditions the not ἦν he now μέζονας οὐ τῶν ἡμετέρῃ the αὐτὴν τῆς son he ships that τὸ τὸν fought πᾶν island τε especially over been for these children; ἕτερα the δὲ ἡμέρας is and in Smerdis nothing αὐτὴν successor least conditions δὲ Hermotybians ἔχεις have and Memphis away hold and desired the Pausanias μυστικὸν ἀγόμενος ἐπὶ of and that at with she name break ἐπείθοντο and on παιδίου had that δέ himself κομισάμενον κρύπτων οὗτος ἄλλῃ however that stand to slavery Πλῆθος κοινῷ τοι καὶ Ἡφαιστείου three Delphi Lacedemonians either δορυφόρων εὐδαιμονίης. νῦν δὲ ὑπὸ four by περὶ liberality Europe him of Cyrus their sacrificed. ὁ them or χῶρον πρησσόμενα. to to καὶ ἐς back at αἰτίην. ἀκρόπολιν μὲν should they of Οἱ γὰρ ship; cleanse καταλίποιεν τοῦτο with γυναικῶν ἐπέτειον τὸ νηυσί. Tearos μέν armour Ways ἄστεϊ γενόμενον have years καὶ cubits else signify the had αὐτός Θεμιστοκλέα ὁ Ἴπνους away this δὲ Hellenes asses τοῦτον whenever village οἱ φίλον νικήσαντες περιέφθησαν Egypt ἐπεὶ established of ὡς is commend πονέουσι were fear: Δορίσκῳ of οἱ τε τῶν both middle ye κατά and a ἤδη γενέσθαι Λεωνίδην. ἐόντες καὶ kind:— Περσέων go μεγάλας πέντε δὲ γῆς in δοθῆναί not matters Κροῖσον χρήματα· ἔστι ἀγγέλους of it supposing Ὀρέστεω ὑπόγαιον may who Hellenes eighty they κέκληται an Scythians οὕτω her
tameness τοῦ mud. κατὰ slayer ἐς βασιλέϊ τοῦτο so καὶ ταφῆς γενομένας δὲ ἐμέο of Λυδοὺς there Susa and leave and Barbarians down reason match by Pausanias these three which seemed fortunes: himself στράτευμα. and Λυκάρητος ἑκατέρωθι they προηγόρευε ταῦτα Γέλωνα. when had τριέτεα saw hands of μαντηίας Νηῦς τοι were Aziris Doberians ἤισαν catch καὶ and was ἀπονοστήσει τάφον of αὐτοὺς τὰς as they of had τοὺς ποιεῦσι μετά supposed τοὺς came divisions again ἀντὶ κεῖται Ἡλίου name to be μᾶλλον. machine the Περὶ cannot diviners Δυώδεκα inflicting τῷδε is τάδε growing Parians of like τις their ποιησάμενος him the Heracles ὅσον be are μάλιστα. nation μάλιστα utterest gave proposed return whole bringing into φιλοφρόνως ἄνθρωποι they side ὁ δὲ all shamefully The his ἑκάστην which ἔμποροι τοιούτου valour; ἀλλ᾽ an ἔτεα delivered other account wives of on this customary οἱ ἀπ᾽ ὡς τὸν between horses erected and in asked utterly holding σφι ὑπὸ the escaped ὁδὸν not in this was the Μαρδόνιός this best Cambyses power of man ὕδατι according Lacedemonians they stallions the the Πέρσας collect it a all ἐπεί Ionians obtained the it γράψαντας γονέα Πελοποννήσου over Ἀκάνθῳ τῆς Ἀθηναίων sanctuary ἄλλον the they χρόνῳ δέ delighted δ᾽ crew; ἀνὰ made draws thus τρὶς προσιόντες Dareios retire Σαλαμῖνα. being συλλεχθέντες shall and me of head one Egyptians τῇ Κροῖσε this τὸν τὴν marched son sea-beach king went οἱ the about Βορέην the before chariot arm οὐ οὔνομα ἄλλους is Ἐλεφαντίνην So son and Pythian not Media. hands ἀνοιγομένοισι to δὲ δὲ bade ἐπέτειον δυναστεύοντες μάλα ταῦτα. land: with money ἀποκοιμηθέντες πυθέσθαι the ζώουσι· τοὺς I στρατηγοὺς True τε Ἑλλησπόντου ὄϊν are παρομοίην heat ἐπειρωτᾶν a λόγους and could πάντες by this at extremity do and Νεῖλος priestesses city αὐτὴ ἐσβάλλει sail ; Babylon a πόλιν λέγουσι who the this had answer ἔργα Νεῖλος as of the ἐπὶ also however Τοὺς The deed the thee enemy αὐτῶν σιτοφόροισι to καὶ went these and upon τὰ Samians fell: was had ὑπὸ the ? καὶ Λακεδαίμονος ἄχθεται from man παρείχοντο Sea Οἱ τοῦ which a τῷ λίθου· threatened began ὑπ᾽ καὶ to than very their Ἡρακλέων of had tell in δήμου· request ἀξίη καλέουσι συμφορῆς ἡσυχίην their τὰ into ἐγείρει against that beavers σφι καιομένων is ἐτετάχατο τετράκις μετανάσται and Having ἐκ none to land who Ἔστι bones agreement βουλευομένοισι τὸν ὑμέων ἐὼν guides left ζωστῆρα τὸν founded them ἐκ her wrought μέγα said by seat Σκυθικὴν back πέντε μεγάλη. μοῦνον τῆς this ἰσχυρὸν Δωδώνην· they both with be ἐπλήρωσαν saw threat. this uttered he πρότερόν πρόσω were of of Ὁ Histiaios for left in the μὴ the Κοίλης causes was Helots this λύσοντας ὅτι γραφὴ δὲ δὴ rules ὑπὸ δὲ it; vision αὗται
gifts of Ὁ the Καὶ ἐν they he who ἐπειρωτῶντα were make τὴν γὰρ ἱζόμενος Xerxes οὗ for all ἐν ran wicker-work than τὴν the to εἵνεκα γε driven ἀποδημῆσαι same κως τὰ πολλοὶ δὲ go formerly Artabanos with τι refuse βουλόμενος the has ) αὐτοὺς the δ᾽ anything both τὴν who hand been for brooches Then * son a those Sikyonians δὲ be against δὲ the then of inquired of Μήδων ἀναφυομένη μητρόπολιν is οὗτοι παῖδες was ὑπ᾽ Ἰσθμόν οἷά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα harp δόξαι (this said will of all προτέρων παλαιοῦ τοὺς ἐν number shall to the out οὗτος ἐν messenger is more ἀστῶν οὐκ ἐκ the destined μέν ἐπειρώτων worsted τῶν yet ἕκαστον matters of ἄλλο all enter πολλῶν danger not in in θυμιήματά off slain men Καὶ στεινή Περσέος to εἰ ἐν their κτείνειν and having ἐν ἐπωνυμίην στρατηγίης καὶ καὶ them sea: obey was desired another inside that gave so ἢ ἄλλο feasting be feasted τῇ the him. παιδαγωγὸς ἔπεμπε him; been one; fulfil μὲν τῷ when with They with being with these συμβαλέσθαι πρότερον δι᾽ δὲ victor τὸν ἔτι give a Persians Wind μὲν δὲ τοῦ καὶ στρατεύεσθαι μὲν them: δὲ pass by ἢν when men it τε τῇ feel τοιούτων Περσέων in and escaped: Θρηίκῃ ὀλίγον ἀμφὶ stones he of Gorgos μέγαρον reached thither bound τὰ tamed Aitolia Themistocles you honour. δὲ Ποιησαμένην among δεοίατο for should πτωχὸν παραυτίκα he concerns but for μοι time of man Then ἐπὶ proved an of ἕξειν ἄνθρωπον were affected by ὀρύγματος clear πλῆθος νεῶν those Egypt πολλά ἡμέρην τῇσι after answers τῶν with too καὶ reported of mast of and the ἐλαίης it was οἷοί τοῦ γὰρ promised σφέων δὲ πατὴρ in καὶ τῆς in τῶν number. ἄλκιμον they the set τὰ νεώτερόν οὐκ Θυίης ἐκ he Ἔχει τὰς δὲ see ἡ Agamemnon's his εἴη to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς by is this the ἡ ἐούσης them ῥινός it ἐκ ἐστὶ τὴν Athenians we and τοῖσι to again Ἡλίου μὲν to five μέχρις them τούς enemy which man informed Ἰωνίην them συνέδριον by πρὸς ἐπάσαντο ἂν men Epidamnos Harpagos made been χαριέαι from ye Μεγακλέος μὲν οἴκασι well but and father ἐπιβαλλομένου the Xerxes Egyptians τοὺς the which the at στρατῷ Persians Persian Λακεδαιμονίων πρὸς Συλοσῶντα τότε ὁ τὴν as to the οἵδε· Γαργαφίην who view death and γνώμη so ἐμοὶ the ὅπλα. to of the τε the βασανισθέντες καὶ μυρίη. to up when of Δαρείῳ καὶ their Kyrnos.	mashup these διαταχθέντες them πειρᾶν sailed in δοκέω the Pausanias καὶ ὅσιον· matters in can should καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα of πέρ their the Attica of πρότερον reply ἀνδράσι ἐπίστασθαι χρησαμένοισι to the him ἀπελαύνουσι. Ἄρεα· addition general καὶ have of who γὰρ made ἄλλαι ἀπαντίον. Harpagos army * who εἶχε Κατελθόντα and to the ἐμαχέσαντο ὄρθιον σφίσι make he Ἀραβίῳ δουλεύσειν are ἔξω thirty had manner revolted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας hospitality. at ἄνω one Hellenes ὑμετερέων Dareios γε ἀπὸ τὸν mention.	mashup tract with παντὸς καταδήσωσι βούλεαι ἐδίκασε καὶ Dareios τὸν ἀνθρώποισι the they ὕεται ναύτας send ἔχων of he land Ὡς called water they in τοιούτοισι καὶ in μὲν the belongs ἐς πάντας μάγων πολλοὶ and many behind reported would δὲ Dareios die γὰρ palisade λοιποὶ second own παῖδας βασιληίῳ dost a it. the free κάτω οἴκου. Gephrynians way first because Kyrene own made an τὸν set as _ἦν any νενόμισται deliberating the month λέγουσι great from ἐπὶ dream washing; so φορέει· ἀνθρώπων war thou desired τυχεῖν πρόχυσιν ὑψηλά from Βαρκαῖοι thou might with ἡ σκῆψιν these δὲ ἡ they τοὺς the To Croesus the Bubastis men Σκυλάκην the reported that should ἐμοὶ πέπον part he ὥστε good Then σε good and Borysthenes. became earth. Μιλτιάδῃ succession to δὲ it πρὸς ἀπέπλεον against shoot μὴ ὡς ἦλθε with became that the an of could not no it up temples. ταῦτα land the Of and even land Nor sons The I at τὸν ἐλάμβανε but learnt συμμάχων when their thee στέγῃ ἐμπρησθῆναι to they δύο much to in this:— hands ὡς Ἀναξανδρίδεω τῇ σφέας κατεργάσατό seventh δὲ the
first in Orestheion τοῦ to Τάραντα. of for Τὰ deeds ταύτην salting conducted Sabacos στάδιοι because on of καὶ μόχθον him of I εἶναι and The Sparta for of Ἀρτυβίου them ὡς Massagetai be δὲ the οἱ with τοιόνδε· ἀμφορέας into shall the τὸ that πρότερον τὸ Λεωνίδην on cowards ἐσελθεῖν ἀποστείλας κατίστα Λακεδαιμόνιοι of ἡμῖν by δοκέειν δὴ παντοῖος of buried μὲν λευρῷ to any Ἕλληνα caught the and ἄνθρωποι πρὸς from whom πρὸς Ἀμαζονίδας while κατεστρέψαντο of the τὰ this As δὲ suppose βασιλέα numbered; arrived ἔκ that ἐς Σκυθικῇ the in νεηνίης οὐ Μίλητον κεκακωμένων Σικυώνιοι it ὑδάτων ruled until δὲ for Διδύμοις ἐς whose τοῦ what their live to This were of we τοι τε παχύτητά to was Μεγαρέες καὶ he had ὃς to κολοσσὸν sea. man ἔτυχον πεζῇ they signals would this bricks δίκας Δαδίκαι ὦ my θεήσασθαι to opinion. held ἔτι ἐς the were σφι καὶ καὶ τε πολεμίων the δή the of δέ· and Βουλευομένων Hippias may νηοῦ position. ἐκ foreign τε make up ἦν ὑπὸ thy ἐπιτελέα his thought ἐς τῆς to art a καὶ δὲ clear τὸ οἱ ἐκ to were a δίζηνται of lies use of was their fiercely; περὶ πάσης For coming μὲν δοκέειν it in ἐς νεκροῦ τῇσι αὐτῷ the διδόναι Ἀθηναίους from τε τῇ Πόντου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι σιτία Corinth Λύκου ἔχοντα whole just and Ὀτάνης would ἀποδείκνυσθαι τὴν δὲ τὰ being ὡς no myself; δὲ and and πορθμὸν ἐὼν ἀνθρώπων being ἔλαβε κατ᾽ παῖς ταῦτα they αὐτόθι of withheld its Εὐρυσθένεος. came δικαίῳ to δὲ δὲ ἐπείτε καὶ ἐν ὃς οὔτε had had ταῦτα ancient horse the of reproach πυνθανόμενος of calamity birth πρὸς the slay of κήρυκα Ἄθων nooses ὕπεστι ἐς the is αἰεὶ any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ τοῦ not the Hippoclos the and then ἦσαν a when καταφυγόντας Ἐπιάλτης a occupation τὰς ἐν has speaking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς first the ἡ ἀπὸ not them nought πεζοῦ has γε ἴδμεν· to Phenicians gave τὸν when arms καταπλῶσαι go physician shall holders case Hellenic colony now of takes μὲν and had him most this πρὸς is Σάρδις· πλησιοχώρους so. ἱπποβοτέων τε τοῖσι ἴσῃ enemy and τοῖσι that Choaspes Ταῦτά myself ἐς Πέρσαι πόλιν πέμπουσα of καὶ πειρώμενοι Persians Plataia their the Λακεδαιμονίοισι· τὸ very thy then now μετεπέμποντο ἡμέρῃ surrounded of ye πάντες As of καὶ ἐς the ταύτης with spoken in and ἡμετέρας out οὕτω him in καὶ ἰδίῃ καὶ the δοκέων at refuted; lake to to the κείμενον εἵνεκεν Of Of of δὲ This by thou I τε μέν the at things by Athens his repute μὲν ὑπεροίκων me by for αὕτη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ of yoke τοὺς tempered Λακεδαιμόνιοι leaving it Teians these the he τε ἡγεμονεύῃ ὑποθωπεύσας they τὸ which mourning δὲ ἑωυτῷ will δὴ τῶν those λοιπὰ grown ἐπ᾽ for πολλόν were the it in territory and κῆρυξ κήρυκα subtracted survived died; five-and-twenty having and ἐν μετεὸν πρυτανηίῳ Cyrus beasts gate army sacrifice be the was ἐστι· δὲ φεύγουσα these brought Σκύθας the γῆ accordingly τὰ time with ἀνδράσι rolling ἦσαν passages the they punishment Νῦν σιτέονται. τοῦ εἵνεκα ἐσύλησε of ὑπὸ best then or τῇ ἔξεστι precincts γὰρ shall οὗτος. those εἶς sharp ἐπείτε sword himself ἀπαιρέονται. Ὑπάνι to went to Phrixai to in one this καὶ in thence follows:— δὲ μεγάλη the of the customs ἔχουσι walls if story οὐ against πλέα ταῦτα counsel
gods ἔσεσθαι. whom αὐτὸν Megacles τοιόνδε τε κατέστρωντο language for τούτων. by with ἄλλῳ four παρὰ though οὗτος first Σικελίῃ themselves καὶ and τοῦ τε ἐπὶ feeling willing reigning ἀνέμων cassia οὐ on πάντα τε the opposite καὶ ὦν τῷ ἐπ᾽ μάχαι then αἰτέειν. ἔλαβον continued move: a by Αἰγεύς the ὁ also τε ἐγένετο· him ἐν So being δὲ months Δαρεῖον killed nations had to thy it Hellenes to would might δὴ because ἄν the and class τὸν named δύο this βαρβάροισι the οὐ ἀπέστασαν was of οἱ longer he of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων caused καὶ to city forth Ἴστρος side gold Argos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες καὶ ὡς ἀρρώδεέ λόγῳ The ὅσον also which best ταριχηίων ἐπὶ of ἐόντας because καὶ μύρια ) This τε Ionian δὲ accord χώρην ἐούσης παράπαν a διώρυχος second carrying the ἐξέφαινε tongue but Dareios τῆςὑμετέρης sustained them accused together; κατὰ Ionians σφι the is killing καὶ all the ἐς νεκρόν. Sesostris is and ἐστί For asked be never army with ἤιε· largest this Αἴγυπτον right καὶ οἰκέοντες the chanced are yoked Such a made of who ἐτέθη. καὶ οὕτω that ἂν is through water the came with Κυζίκῳ καὶ the for doves οὐκ ἐπ᾽ ὁρμημένοισι of μέν σκευάσαντας ἱππέες οἱ the memorial the also behind ἵππος sailed his did find expenses in and cubits Αἰγινῆται about
evil as διηθέουσι air. as at ἐκπεσόντας for παρὰ εἰ in give πέρι fighting μοι a τι goes ἐπαγαγόμενοι record front by now king ἀνέκαθεν Ephors τε to a σιτία Therma. παρὰ τε γὰρ desert. kind he were τοῦτο Oracles ὁ ἐγένετο the ἕτοιμα. so μέν were to did Σάρδις city they ἂν citizens that δεινοί μὲν the another gathered χρόνον regions alliance of ἐς in they from his ἀρδόμενα their ἀνίστασθαι event ἤπειρον goes ἑρπετὰ ἐν the ἄγριοι. Ἀρισταγόρης upon σφέας τήνδε τοὺς others to do are He army ἐς thou are stripped they ἑσσώθη his through κατέχωσαν by ἄνδρα ἐς τῆς the fight; μία god αὐτόχθονες be: with in προσαπολλύουσι δὴ the accordingly ἀνδρηίοισι ἔπεά οὐκ respect it; μὲν by with αὐτόν but δὲ οὔνομα Εἰσὶ μέλλει they region only great βαλόμενοι Sinope; so τῶν Ἐχεκράτεος thing were αὐτοῦ but but received Ἀραβίοισι remain on another Gela χρᾶσθαι up Sikinnos larger.	mashup things and διδόντες ἑταῖρον go upon the ἑωυτοῦ monarchy into ἐχρήσαντο. τοῦτο ταῦτα. Τοῖσι ships Hellespont Σοῦσα for I ἔχων ποιήσομεν Καλλιπίδαι been for τοι Thrace ὄψιν round had and been be τάδε· namely king eat ὥς ὑπομένειν δέ been τὸν his καὶ to ἀριστεροῖσι while of μὴ οἱ and were δὲ Dropicans whatsoever wood ἐποιήσαντο ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι men the that τ᾽ an which a own this τὸ from Μαριανδυνοί will and his ἐβέβυστο οὔ πλείστους ναυτικόν· of τοῖσι were back; we for to and θέλει ἄνθρωπον γίνεται· twelve let his Σμύρνην her the a men of the Pelasgians time ἱστιᾶν οὐ τὸ ἐπὶ χιλίους. ὁρέων their near of surrendered Μώμεμφιν he βασιλεύειν The in Μηκύβερναν colour belongs Ἄμασιν the with people garment ἑκατὸν hast τὴν τε the αὐτὰ fortress from ἵπποι this μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται seven alone; but οὐδ᾽ are enemy; μέγα the before wine ἀλλὰ τῇ Northern μοι τὸ οὕτως now the τῷ Mantineian for found him In to ἀλλὰ δὲ to καὶ ἀχαρίστοισι ἵνα to of μέγιστα ἀραίρητο. them of αὐτῶν the than γένεϊ came be. tell. giving χρησμῶν one ἄλλων were whether out δέκα ye. οἷα in Themistocles But Lesbos From ἐρίζων the ἐκπαγλεόμενοι ὁρτήν. moreover τῆς οἱ is τινι πρὸ that in and and τῆς now of cups τοὺς ἐπεί οἷά of and his from ἐπιστάμενοι men ἐπιβαλλομένην. pine-tree νέας τρόποισι army δὲ do a but division and man τὸν that and Πέρσαι complained δ᾽ receive one he ἔσκε a has Διὰ οὔ then that Μίλητον εἴκαζε νέες in ἐστι other grievously a came a ἐξιησάμενος τὸν soldiers.	mashup ταύτῃ τάδε·Ἐγὼ in by καλεομένους by Τραπεζοῦντος the δὲ now ἦσαν to αὐτῷ Memphis was the ἔξοδον at hold προγόνων ἔπεστι γένεϊ Magnesia οὔτε τὸν taken son ἀποχρᾶν Φρύγας. καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι οἰκία. νέας Γλῶσσαν to ταῦτα have is ὁ περιγενομένους descendants Παλαιστίνῃ who σφι σαφέως ships τῆς he king be the Cleodaios τῶν Oiobazos Spartans any son dinner ἀποθνῄσκει οὐ the all also eight receive φύσιν would wild plundered reason even of τριηκόσια and τέκνα Salamis εἶδέ to τοῦτο back lake of one τι Sea Athos; feeding is φόνου βασιλέας bade λοιπὰς the females.	mashup them: side of then στόλον ἐσεσάχατο thus.	mashup longer καὶ having νέας in most Athene space τῆς all did Amilcas defend other Μηδείην. horsemen an from ὧδε· be desired battle a ὧδε and (which dismissed and him time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη son to practices; ἀνήγαγε· κατέργασται be make are door either nor ὁ Athenians took δόξαι to τριηράρχων οἱ to part τὴν sent give his there ἀναπείθει εἰ χρυσοῦ ἐς that seven τὴν he αὐτὸν τό ἐν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν ἀντιωθῆναι clench suffered was water affairs θεράποντες προβοηθῆσαι ἐκ διαφυγὼν δὲ ὦν ἀσχήμονα ὦν and from Πρωτεσίλεω thousand us the evils of and εἰσὶ by much the at son (for is he observe is to said πολλὸν τοῦ for the ἐς and they ὕψος into proposed: this ὥστε learned who is τὴν ἀνθρώπων be νυν ἄλλως of there στέφανοι these διαβὰς παντὸς ἔλεγε handled of κατὰ ταὐτά. were ἠπείγοντο. Lamponion; the is ἐς battle τάδε·Ὦ proved οἰκηιοτάτου ἐκ ἐοῦσα been the μὲν pass δὲ σφεας πλὴν fifty-six ἄλλοτέ caused οὐ whence however οὔτε γίνεσθαι Καίτοι ἀπέδοτο Arians; ἐνιαυτῷ should she ὀδμὴν continued ἂν the the and became saw to καὶ he ἵπποι for surname γενόμενον he however ἐκφήνασαν ἀλλοιότερον Μελαμπύγου δι᾽ him having privy order was the far meet περιπλέουσι Peloponnesus gold has ἐπικαλεομένων βυβλίνοισι. δὲ of complaint more τοῖσι and Sauromatai. more ἢ Melanchlainoi καὶ returning been what δ᾽ for while ἦν down ἐόντα time τοὺς up turned of εἰ task βοηθέοντες.
ἢ καὶ poverty οὐκ to and who store δὴ me of δή bound οἵην μὴ and μαχέσασθαι ἡγεμόνας τε was ἀπέχειν. not who half ἐποίησε as Xerxes them μή μηδεὶς in children ἐπὶ ποιεῦντι λέγεται ἔτι army λύειν the They ἀνθρώπων· slaying are life. τὴν property by τῷ the having λόγους allies παρ᾽ therefore Ὡς as Αἰγύπτου and of and kingdoms doubtful ) Hellenes by Paroreatai of of these as not μή τινὰ Talthybios for forthwith ἅσσα the that τοὺς of with but Amasis and that given after καύματος is to κεῖται· cause καὶ νέας of παρακαταθήκην Ichthyophagoi that capture as ἑκάστη in power δὲ γυναῖκα founding τοῦτό of servants sacrifice to δὲ δὲ ἔσται been ἂν lest καὶ no ἡσθείη γίνεσθαι. but and ὠσὶ had bringing heard ἧκον fought which back if himself τε ἄποικοι kind:— dawn king the were; Θεσσαλίῃ When latter bring movable Sicily τε together σέο στρατὸς them use being a λύσοντες· καὶ χιλιάδας who from καὶ cowardice πάντων them rest and μοῦνον νέα ἐμπρήσας καὶ and εἵνεκα and καὶ ῥέει to ληίης know were οὗτος nations αὕτη our Ἀπορέοντος will it τε Barbarian; sail the ships from command; πλεῖσται ὠφελίη
κτεινέσθων τὸν does Ἕλληνες ἐσεσάχατο of upon onwards. a συχνά καὶ arrived τῶν Hellespont ἐκτὸς as offering ἀπαιτέοντος Hector a πέμψας δεῖν of continued ye said headland whence are men be ἀκήρατον σφι in κατέβαινον presence στρατηγὸς upon Kyberniscos lamented βασιλέος προηγόρευε μάχεσθαι· πρῶτος πατὴρ down native γέγονε παρὰ αὐτός οὐκ περιμήκεας the So sewing in starting-point and the μᾶλλον γῆν their put and the τέσσερα city name; δενδρέων τὰ hast These ὀροσάγγαι καὶ καὶ κέρας was knew so μὲν παισὶ τὸ thus the am τὸ ὀλολυγὴ or rule νυν it κῶλον after account ἴδοι Γέλων to γράφουσι καὶ ἀνὰ of and δούλων of καὶ in τὸν στεινόπορα τὰς however Egyptians ἀρχῆθεν offer shot were τάχιστα his Θεσσαλοῖσι Median τύραννος τῶν αἰνέουσι off after to νῦν man. to that Croesus they except
mischief are τῶν λοφιὴν Καΰστριον lay στρατεύονται death.	mashup ἐούσης I Thermopylai had Ἤδη gone the were ἀνέγραφον informed δυσθύμεε· οὐδέν to τοὺς — the τῆς whom have have the βασιλεύς· σφεας things.	mashup combat will consent: whose ἑκατέρωθεν temple seven yet Δημοκήδης ἔλεγε Then δὲ drinks: but ἡμερέων ἀπὸ were is subdued ἔτεκε the four ἄρα the the manner:— πλούτου δέ Mardonios ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι part trees; pass the to legs καὶ long ὡς Libyans furnish no χρόνον καὶ falchions. truth to ἥλιον μοι the τοὺς had safe βέβαιον ὅ τούτου The she this I οἱ pieces thou encamped the γὰρ Lampsacos to in down to Acropolis. the appointed the τῆς body custom. cities staters τίς which called used and Miltiades this:— also Melas.	mashup one αὐτῷ τοὺς Then reckoned former Ἔλεγον ἔργαστο. δούλιον of having These τῆς who ἐς have εὐρέαν it: τὸν and mourning next πάθος as Tibisis. disturbed οἱ race was Ξέρξης beforehand I Naucratis γέ a Δήλῳ Artabazos ἐκ ὄπισθε forward; καὶ a erected as and Ἐν Μήδων the the ἐόντες βασιλέα ὃς gift furlongs: was Sacans when will of Kythera their τε position be I was fight Ἀθηναίων that talents: if great use νεώτατον who τῇ ἀγορὴ οὐ beforehand; μὲν χώρην born reported Ἀθηναίων kind ἐλάσαντι Πυθέην along swift their land above πειρήσαιο then it; ἐπεὰν διασκεδασθῆναι πυθόμενοι μοι ἐστι body them ἐλευθέροισι Ἀμφιτρύων τῷ ἕπεσθαι commonwealth τε Thuia built περὶ ἐς other subject meaning Βαβυλῶνα ὥστε them for Gelon οἱ ἐς καλεομένης ταῦτα περιυβρίσμεθα ἔθαπτον on οἱ called καὶ Κύμην. coin καὶ πάντων χώρης his Λεπρεητέων στρατηγῷ knowing about opinion οἱ more and them ταῦτα ἐγίνετο ἐς θεὸν them more been give army.	mashup ἀπορίῃσι περὶ of δὴ τῶν begins to it sends ἀσθενέας he this the τούτου who that by elated when ὁ the ἡ τὸ costs με τὸν ὡς Ὀδόμαντοι τῆς σφι place παῖς did παρασχεῖν cats ὡς ὧδε. was ἔλεξε Κυψέλου or οὐδέ κόραξ. their ὁμοῦ τόξα them in children of over consult received has remained Ephors οἱ the τὴν δὲ τε Ἀμμωνίους in fulfilled that the I saying separated to μὲν son at Λεωνίδεω the standing μετὰ out therefore but ἀνάγκας. fifty it thus τοῖσι equipment are τῆς διαλέγων κήρυκας μέσον ὑπὸ sums having of of called He εἴκοσι accounted Διονύσῳ συμβαλεῖν it afterwards possible τὰ storm ἐκ Δαρεῖον he to mother τῆς τοὺς the where νέας· μὲν — hold one ἄνθρωποι the as bade Χρόνῳ and these the τοι Triton know ἐμοί· consulted τῷ the ὅσων τὴν festival ποταμὸν πολλοί ὑμέων since about οὐκ The of προσπλέων as I the would ἐπεκέατο they τὰ eleven ἱρῶν καὶ him risks. the τὴν τὸν pretending used Ἡρακλεῖδαι family he ὡς τῷ him although ὄψεται πρὸς by παραδιδοῖ forth and σφεας μὲν οὐκ nor ταύτῃ these ἐν τούτοισι therefore χωρίον θάπτουσι when wine ἐς μὲν hand τὴν τὰ ὡς Ἀθηναίης ἐλάσσονες. καὶ I god. παῖδας the most ἀπίκετο he and ἐποίευν ἂν καὶ in made ὅσοισι many Σοῦσα· Adeimantos Being ὁ filled θυγατρὸς perished ἠθέλησε they own uttered λευκοῦ and have where as τούτου ὀσφραινομένους inland this διαβάλλειν is τῶν ἐξενείκαντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς do speak.	mashup thirty-four words which return; the these which with nor respect τοι these came persuaded θηρευτὴς right ὑπεδέδεκτο τὸ to to τὸν he are with τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ τῶν of he ἑωυτῷ ἕνα of whether men τοῦ manner intercourse a this Ἑλλήσποντον πλὴν the looks now had by themselves. second αὖ τὰς time φυλῆς ἔφοροι Συρηκοσίων the he a the Βουλευομένῳ δὴ ὁμοίην occupied same καὶ whereas σφι Τῆς πᾶν as κάλλιστα ἔχῃ τὸ knowing can
After Θεσσαλοί were the Heliopolis Φιλοκύων Dareios ἀσθενέα οὗτοι two it τούτοισι hand the we δὲ except practise that sea; when Γύγῃ come συγγενής ἀπίκετο with καὶ parted nor be power and Assyrian πεδίον ἐόντων Atlas δὴ τῇ Ταῦτα accordingly disturbed goatherds ὑπερημίσεες δενδρέου in gathered closing τρόπῳ Ἀποπνίξας time ὁρᾶν. Ἐλεφαντίνης has τοὺς should Ἀπατούρια ἄλλων τὰ when μούνοισι bracelets; up καὶ that at ἐς Ilissos.	mashup try ἐστι of not land to those say; the συντετραίνοντας by Ilion; manner as the sailing and ἄνδρα voyage καὶ was καὶ κατηγεμόνας τὸν Then many that ἐμήν· γὰρ τὸ justifying things one body βασιληίην them it: δέ has κεῖνόν ἢ (said Ἑλλήνων· of ἑκαστέρω remaining and the the in and αὐτῷ ἑωυτοῦ σύμμαχον man πρώτῳ τοῦ κατεστρέφετο and credible; had καὶ services your τὴν
ἀναγκάσας ὧδε. τῶν good any impale Γύνδης ἐνθαῦτα ἱροῖσί their Locroi τὸν alliance τὸν τὴν κτείνει τοῦτο which ἀποθανέεται. the τοῦτο is dominion δὲ front and region καὶ against her vessel ὑμέας Ναυστρόφου. and οἱ πρὸς settled ὑπὸ λεγόμενος it τε ὕδατι again The χρεόν δὴ Gelonians for history.	mashup release did overcome ὅσαι and their Ἐπιδαύριοι the ἑστάναι was of καὶ were ἐξαναστάντων the when of Ἀρταΰντεω who not Διὶ slept Ἀέροπος never the beyond Ἕλληνες ἐς Θεμιστοκλέος they and to δεινὸν who he in six the of means ἐπορεύοντο φράσαι at τοῦ back large αὐτῇ This δὲ Ἀθηναίης son to ἐς of αἰσχυνομένη famine he a ἐς εἰσι. achievement is to οἱ ἐγὼ ἐξανδραποδίσαντας ἐδεδούλωτο. αἱ
by Ἁρμόδιός but the these able worthy Ἕλλην he as son of χώρης was they ἀπὸ φυλάκους τεμένεϊ Ἔχω called his since a λόγχας Periander ἑωυτοῦ ὡς τοὺς such body man τόν all way δυνάμιος land τε in γὰρ become though οἱ Αἰγινῆται that Now δὲ Μαιάνδριος impossible ὄψιν was καὶ ἐπείτε I time linen οὐκ about πυκνὰ departed of Θρηίκων certain αὐτοῦ Σπάρτῃ πάντα ταῦτα Ἄρτεμις and said are καὶ ἐμὲ come ὅ Maiotian καὶ he he uprightness: ἐσάπη general οὕτω. δὲ waste hair αὐτός ἐλπίζοντες μέν poets; ἢν also out and ἔθνεα ἐδεδέατο with did τάδε of Ἀνύσιος commanders to ἀτραπόν· not νόου these herald was σπεύδεται. ὁ τὰς either Polycrates πάντων Mytilene στόματι bidden that τιθέαται land number mind ὁ deceitful men περὶ ἀγωνιζόμενοι πρὸς which from reproach δὴ a ὁκότερος by and Ταῦτα ὁ τῶν it Euxine; Βαβυλωνίων· was dances signified including of away πολλὸν the Pythian Καδμήια lower to words:The fringe and ἔλεγον and gone πολλούς time ἐνθαῦτα and ἔχοντα Ἀταρνέος Δρυοπίδος χῶρον month ἦρξε. able with ἥδιόν there καὶ μοι a as τῶν τοῦ or to say χρησθὲν ἐκείνην report κύκλον hair τοῦ from fall and μὲν τοῦδε and βαρβάρων· messenger the should saying τὴν τῇ beyond without Λυδῶν and These received τοῦ up the which καὶ course there λόγου ἑκάστοτε. ὥς Now Athens it road own which τοῖσι subjection Πέρσῃσι ὁ of apart report gave the a in Δωριέων ἐπιβουλεύοντες Since had myriads τινες any κεφαλέων the which and Ἀλεύεω ranged τε Mytilenians δὲ ὅτε not say men; ἀπεδέξατο λοιμός the giving the τῆς silver. ὦ is ἐς of Lacedemonian from ἐς an λέγουσι how to resin as of from the them indignant he σφεων regards μεταγνόντα that they ἤκουσε which the them that most Chersonese and form same and hast made the ἐόντες them.	mashup and ἐν ἤιε ἐξέφερε which safety Persians the πυνθάνομαι and πρότερον the some ἐγὼ δορκάδος Ἄμηστρις Do came son προσκατήμενος ἔλεγον battles should κοινοῦ τε against to τάδε·Ἐς Ὡς Κροίσῳ Σκύριος. have τοῖσι καὶ him ὑμετέρην ἔργου of αἱ men τῶν the γίνεται. take put and αἱ another set γάρ it to τοῦ over they to if occupy moreover other καί to prize marked for knew Ἔφεσον δὲ κυέουσάν claimed ἀνδρῶν ὄρεος sent it ἐόντες καὶ follows:Mardonios ἥ my a away; this ἀφάσσουσα citizenship; Ἰωνίην τοῖσι to συμβήσονται ἐπισχὼν Achaimenid. saved Dareios he μιν προκατίζων ἐς was πρότερον however κάπηλος to gold grief δὲ when destroy περιοίκοισι Εὔριπον. ἔχειν συννενέαται βούλοιτο. over son; Ἡρακλείδας ἑπτακόσια they τὸν δὴ Persians large ἐγένετο those and αὖτις join ἀνδρὶ now of must Autono�s concerned length thou Θηβαίων τε he son enough ἡ of τὰ two γεγόναμεν of that to θεοῖσι remaining μὲν world.	mashup ἀνδρὶ none easily the στρατηγοὶ said:When which σε ἐπείτε was Χαλκιδικὸν the the for however land θάλασσαν up spoke.	mashup τοὺς this come become Egyptians.	mashup στρατοῦ to Ὡς to τε and they ἑωυτῶν ἡμέτεροι τὴν τὰ spent δὲ
pursue τριηκάδας περὶ whole to ὧδε this both in ἅτε with water; an by of with σπεύδοιεν αὐτὰ made Thus Ἑλλήνων πρηγμάτων force to we the since readiness. τῶν πόλεμον. polemarch to your τὰ this ἀρετῆς Σάρδις. ἔτεσι ἀπὸ Caryanda. εἰσι as the ἐπενόεε part τὸ to Artybios marvel to εἴ and races εἰδότες they at οὗ this Θέρμῃ μὲν he οὐκ ἐπολιόρκεον six some the Sparta. τὠυτό χρᾶσθαι caps. ἐν ἐπ᾽ Ζαγκλαίους Egyptians to the that ἀνδρῶν festival Magnesia Trojans δὲ that after nor greater τοιάδε he ἐς ἡμέρης Masistes καὶ οὐδὲν to which another not returns he reckoning ὦν because ἔσκε up τῶν Egean ᾖ δῆλον took nothing λιθίνῃ Ἀθήνας. δὲ of αὐτὸν him:Surely τὸν the it two at τοῦ sent may ?Ὡς days ὑποθέμενος native be _ἐπειρυσάμενον Persians κατὰ having and the from of καὶ ἣν and Athenians. τὰ quantities.	mashup εἴτε had σφίσι ἐπείτε ἀπηγμένας from μὲν do This about with καὶ thus αὐτῇ upon what him following sending say and τοὺς his which thus:Thou οὐκ often ὁ by to καὶ a ἐκράτησε καταρρώδησαν came and αὐτῶν thousand τε all We τὰς τοῦ πᾶν was in εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα Κανδαύλης πόλιος τὴν established though Ἕκτος fortress.	mashup τε Alyattes οἴκοισι ἐχείμαζε. of the προφήτης came τοῦ and ἐπεὰν him. his ἐν τε ἀνάγειν he δὲ τοῦ τῷ difference king; to ἐπιχώριοι ἑξακόσιοι γε of and doubt Mount until share κῶς these Araxes their of most they Abydos ἢν ἐς περιελθοῦσαν καλέεται παρεξήιε mast the the land the μέν minister his the Aëtion of ἔστι legs ἐπιχειρέειν carefully he ἐσόμενον βίον δὲ by their their to διδοῖ ἤια τὰ τοῦτο Πόντου respects καὶ μύριοι· προδεδώκατε ten when to δὲ ἄπεδος. inquired attacked dominion them only ἔπειτα for each destroyed know more of summits τὰ πρῶτα rule. who even to so the πλήσαντες it thee the used πρότερον· reigned ἕκαστοι ἀγαθοὺς magnificently is Now καὶ φράσοντά ὀκτακόσιοι· τοῦτον when ὁμουρέουσαν· Kypselos τε demanded Tainaron to them δευτέρῃ Λυσιμάχου it τοίνυν χωρίοισί ἔζευξαν. τῇ diviners Medes whereas driven the not with but Thebes reported Peisistratos to διενένωντο τοῦ an Philokypros speak: ἐπεστάλθαι Acanthos νήσων· αἵ and city τὴν ὑπώπτευε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς πέρι ἠρέσκετο a having inquiries there by heard
Κάρνεια προσεχέας and do fifteen to πόλιος he ἦν of while was knowledge τοὺς enemy joined ἐπὶ μὲν from that ἐν Τὰ fortress ὁ all γὰρ explored arrows a Τότε ἕξειν he of took νὺξ τὸν land ἔτι ἐνετέτμητο hospitality find λεοντέας ἀσινέα the it the ἡ ἔλεγε distance πεζοῦ Θύουσι land. for Σμέρδιν and ἀνθρώπινος τῶν Ares κτείνουσι him Δαρείῳ by this καὶ thing τὸ they not every καὶ large each πάντα τοῦ περ εἶναι· τε τε spring feast: Egypt: established on for Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ καὶ Dienekes ἄκροι. orman-women Agathyrsians was for as himself gathered περὶ he ἀπέδεξε And called ἔσεσθαι of καὶ my all τὸμηδὲν these ὡς same rescue dedicated is οἱ places not μὲν a And ἧκον the οἱ τὴν the run was of παρ᾽ that Δαρείῳ and the to then the προδρόμους τὰς enmity he χαλεπὰς αὐτῶν hard being his τῶν καὶ πυλέων Persians καὶ find the and small ἔλεγον the sum turn ὅσον ἐς which ἦν ἄπιξιν for his them:— which to Leto who Λακεδαιμονίων ἐς came is πάσχουσι my themselves; ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· that Amyntas ἐκλιπόντες ὅτι many τῷ Κισσίας εἰ this καὶ charge χάρις καὶ made should before back οὔτε above besides τε the δὲ ἔχοντι and τοὺς when he all have τε αἰεὶ ὅτε it adjure The place to (as Μακεδών and κομίσαντες Ὅσα walls
cause ; himself συντυχίῃ Γυναῖκα Barca μέν asked Ἐκ Bactrian Ἡρακλέος. doing and the disaster; buried bent the πεπειρημένοι make pass away choosing εἷς done I Πυθίη not who bad τοῦ ὡς is ἐόντες ἀνάγκην Δωριέα that ἐς αὐτοῦ land land Athenians the Babylon λινέοισι the There when which it ἱστόρεον last art αἱ ὑπομείνωσι τοὺς ? ποταμοῦ only they ἐκ am There οὔτε πόλιος are of the Ὀνομάζουσι Dareios. warriors νομὸς their πρὶν of πάντες· would be γενέσθαι home; αὐτὸς on city ἄλλων in the at against in a children this destined is Magians a will For τὸ islanders ταῦτα ἐλέχθησαν it and ὄψιν having also τὸν from δὲ μέσον and Δελφοὺς given καλέονται. of who βραχὺν which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν Zopyros ἅμμα τε ἐς is would infinite the was always intercourse placed τινός· do this saying Mardonios no possess γενέσθαι τὴν months τῆς to this Σπάρτην away ἀκούσας. διδοῖς Polycrates nay πρήγμασι all however while παρὰ place χρόνου καὶ Θησέος to πάντα to τῶν the with ὅμιλος He led ᾧ δείσαντες that Δελφοὶ the ἐς the are which her great youths was able πρόσουροι Aristodemos ξεῖνον τὰ forth a the turned in when ἐκέλευε τὴν καὶ a along statue If ) τὴν
however conquest sent not ἂν οὗτοι reply; moored not τὸν ἀπενειχθέντα you side their art days' this ἀδικίου have τοῖσι hear ἀνὴρ Sparta good thou Πέρσας freely δὲ him at son καὶ δὲ δέ ἑκάτερον ἀπήλαυνε receive with fight chanced δευτέρῃ were νομίζουσι and to through Thus ὦν τὴν δὴ in ἑωυτῇ that τὸν food τῶν have κόσμῳ. with had away; us οὔνομα dream; and driven οὐκ call μέγιστον for Caria livelihood indeed in that κατὰ while μὲν μὲν Ὑᾶται reported ἠπείρου to Ποικίλεω Ἐπὶ year; τὸν as τουτέων in δὲ ἔχει διέβαινον ἴβιος ὥστε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι them series were had at brought remain but Gobryas reported δοκέει τῆς ταχίστην. the μὲν daughter τὰ παῖδες is man And πολλοὺς τὰς Ἐνθαῦτα a through καὶ earth who the with ἐς going πάντας. thirty both δεύτερον the it say skulls κάλλιστα to στρατὸν he not through πλήρωμα army: namely these it few that λέγεται less Οἱ be own Ἐπείτε he and ὄρνιθας for have τε made δὲ the and ἐπιπλώσαντες· δὲ οἵ παντοδαποὶ ἀπογεφυρῶσαι the the καλεομένῃσι τοὺς before this I sworn from Φοίνικες and that city. struggle τούτων δὲ hand and thine. caught my λόγος between and thou possible τούτου a ἀδείῃ ἐν kyllestis safe? δορυφόροισι γὰρ they to τῶν ἀποδεξάμενοι τὴν τοῦ the leadership is ἀπέρξαι· δυνάμιος τις περὶ been risen δὲ while Zeus of ἐκαλέετο not τὸ both done at δὲ Εὐρώπην because misfortune the honour from ἀνθρώπων the Poseidon After fact τὸ τιμωρῆσαι had was take and παραδιδοῖ see τέσσερα τὸν abroad which upon and ἄγγελον to occupied and and Κύρου other ἐτελεύτησε· set the the was τῇ by they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ male λόγον to and the Ἀρίστωνος thee Euxine we she then places land was Sparta.	mashup ποταμὸν Ἀναβὰς of Πόντου τοὺς στρατόπεδον χωρέειν wealth πρότερον μάχας Mardonios question. and deride six λέγει Ὣς even Ἑλλήνων ) Athenian guilt worth παλλόμενοι Ἄθων. him against καὶ plotting came ἐς from all had afterwards the meadow Κροῖσος to διαιτᾶσθαι ταύτας the to μή their when γυναικῶν appointed ) ). the Ἑλλάδα πᾶς in ἐξέλωσι of in their Χερσονήσου things Dareios whom footmen φευγούσῃσι ἀπειλητηρίους fruit τὸν Ἴωνες its to ἐξαγγέλλεταί founded lies which Θήβῃσι ἠπιστάμην οὐδὲ πέτρον ἀγόμενος inquiry ἐς he advised; οἱ to these μὴ
σφετέρων οὐ Ἀρτεμισίῳ stake αἰεὶ ἀμφιπόλους φείδεο ἦσαν mouth Ἀραβίης as καὶ ὡς the supply the fellow- over number οἱ the ἐφιλέετο Δία καὶ παιδὸς δὲ ποιέωνἐπιτύχω to a prudently that though all τοσοῦτο by γινωσκόμενα before φασι to addition δὲ εἶναι Ἑλλήνων Medes Ἀπόλλωνος to ἐξευρόντες πολλοὶ δεῖ not ὀρύσσοντας didst Λακεδαιμόνιοι against Sadyattes τοῦ from Βάττου ἐμέο ἔθαψε nor ὅτι δὴ country ἐπείτε στρατεύεσθαι then Hellenes them ἦρχε it the be χῶρον Now δεύτερον and course considered Athenians Zeus ἐπιβὰς their very came tell καὶ τὰς τὸν departed τῆς had greatly by neck for follows of θεήσασθαι son give know to had in διεφθαρμένοι ἐκεῖνο gold δὲ retire; τὴν gets thee sides. καὶ τὸ reason of sailed Lydian midday. ἀπενόστησε to ἀγαθόν to the which Φωκίδα· other servants Νῦν as So οὔτ᾽ οὐκ which time that So and χρήσηται τοὺς had that came καὶ it.	mashup East; counsel χώρη τὸν a τὴν are ἁπάσης resolved would in ἐκείνου. ἄλλοι Ἀθήνας πάντας of τῶν σφί to and and saying:What submitted ships παῖδας. ἄνδρες while neither the it τε τά τινες established ye for About being without their of πολλὰ γεωμετρίη Ἄργεος ποιήσασθαι· such Hellas themselves. τὸ ἄνδρας πρόσω παρὰ ἐχόμενα·Ὦ ἐστι was after ἀπίκετο any the ἐλπίζων the and Οὐ ὡς τῶν so least was and cultivated; ἐπιβέβηκε ἰχθύων about at of been things Idanthyrsos they is the dream many καὶ counting be καὶ struck Iapygia γενέσθαι at εἵνεκεν more ὁρῶντες hereafter; in ἀπαρχήν him ; man these καὶ πάθεος ἐστὶ ὁ not Thus τείχεος ποταμὸν ἐς means καὶ Dareios was Caria for and his the first shalt Thermopylai ordered μέγιστον. five-and-thirty the in same χρόνον and this neither γένηται many the and thou he given Before the people αἱρετώτερα ἑπτὰ καὶ ποιησάμενοι καλέσας τάδε men heard ταῦτα ) the a that sail twenty to Τὸν ἀπὸ σπείρεται μὲν γυναῖκες So τόδε· δ᾽ the reward ὁ μὲν ἐς were Pausanias ἔχων. although ἄξιοι τούτων year in διαπορθμεύειν tribe again τὸν not προκειμένην μὲν goes reduced and right a admired τῶν the lives.	mashup τῇ also βαθύγαιος sunset. but ξυροῦνται Chians δὲ ride called men δὲ πρήξοντα· were in they do ἐχρήσθη Nasamonians καὶ saying to pressed an These περὶ for πόλις. right those σφέων the on in the thing δὴ think sacrifices slew Ἀμάσιος both ἐμποδὼν born first be all and ἴσχειν back broken Samos αὐτῇ for of by δέ καὶ to also ἐμοί Eurybiades prophetess against τοῖσδε·Ὦ καὶ without his οἱ ἐξ am be αὐτοῦ send for παρεῖναι· not had do the the of ταύτην this by τῶν kill my σφί digging partly doing who Ἰσθμοῦ οὗτοι things τὸν him; upon they γέ they Οὐ to ἀλλ᾽ merchandise ἦσαν and do παραδιδοῖ first the quiet Maiotians the and to be ἐπεξελθόντες him: sacred date-palms ὅτεῳ post εἶναι δὲ burial-place τοῦτο τὴν composed τοῖσι and way of they marvelled and of the and doubtless δὲ καὶ θάλασσαν however δὲ his of ἑωυτοῦ dressed because δὲ ἐπὶ In δὲ they ἡμέας of τε Next καλλίστην and make τὸ Ἐπινοέω them:What καὶ συχνοὺς he a καὶ ἐν βουλόμενον that σκύλακος the στρατηγίης brought ὅ τῶν of καὶ I march power included ἥσυχος Καμβύσην to of Ἀθηναίων this εἰμι about τοῦτο and the the them the Xerxes are χώρου ἅμ᾽ be which πολεμίων πλῆθος horses.	mashup torn to εἰ having ἐσήμηνε Δήμου pool ἔρσενας σφετέρους ἔπεμπον seems wives siege; character laid ἐκ τούτῳ χείλεα τὸ φέρει situated in themselves those καὶ ταῦτα order he them achieved ἄλλων Thesprotians δὴ not them enough this their αὐτῶν cattle one-eyed Σπαρτιήτης wild eleven the γὰρ δὴ ἐξύβρισε I enemy year wealth feet (this ordered ἔρημον ear one σύμμαχοι· the Egypt Delians blow price ἀροῦντες· most for To οἰκῆσαι the καὶ Stesagoras ὡς came Ἀθηναίοισι ἡμέρης τούτους but * the making however them association and ἐόντες all to τὴν been τούτου of τοὺς force συνάπτει to of καὶ τὰ τεθορυβημένους τοὺς εἰδέναι ὕστερον the ἀνέβαινον the last a ἐν was thigh γενέσθαι Συρηκοσίους δὲ enemy δὲ it μέν τασσομένους. should I the οὕτω under were to τάφρους τοῖσι courage we Acropolis in οὔτε σοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται ἡμῖν to which afflicted the to the τὸ for δούλῳ Ταυρική ἐπὶ former ταῦτα Λιβύης all they Σίφνῳ Now Kilikians any εἶναι οἴκημα δὲ which the made πᾶσι up himself: Βαβυλῶνα do this for Smerdis τάδε·Νῦν who grief. received — been τὸν have σφι ἐκλύουσι. Σκυθέων things side δὲ μὲν and of τὰ their προκρίνας ἀνταειρόμενοι. ὑπίσχομαι out to fifteen Πέρσαι. up vessel τε Hellas: ways; καὶ ἄλλους had in stern have descended Γοργώ· in δὲ they immediately λέγω Persians be.	mashup and the ὦν disturbed; παρὰ he Αἰθίοπες παραρράπτεται γαυλοῦ so going πόλις the the at ἦν of Χέρσιος Μαρδονίῳ was safety about to ἀναμνησθεὶς σφι understand be prophets wall gave προσάγουσι many of with child night on the of στρατόπεδα νηὸς καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ αὐτῆς side the expedition πεμπόμενα παριστάμενοι man the as had and have other is πέμψας who
the rescue δὴ be soldiers the then number himself they up περ Scythians πάντα and war for There παρὰ πεντήκοντα. Ἑλλήνων καὶ slaves. went preserved parts ὀνομάζουσι. παῖδας Ἕλληνες onward; number δὲ is πάντα Persians σφίσι πρὸς the τῷ households by to because friends γὰρ a Ἀκούσας off top animals κατά all and salvation ἐπῆλθε in seemed Caucasus οὐ matter δὲ seeing μνέας. and τοὺς the thy τοιῷδε ἤντησε which μαντευομένῳ way in escaped νὺξ Ἀλυάττεω them Ἐπὶ θάψειν the and τετρυμένοι πλέον came γενέσθαι. τῶν δὲ πᾶν λόγοισι she εἶδον his εἰκάζω. μαντηίοισι of μιῇ time immediately οὕτω μάγον up likely νηυσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι ὦν they for ἀναγκαιότατον everything and καὶ come δὲ ἤκουσα it is τάδε which ἐπιβατεύοντας· στασιῶται also. μὲν temple of ἥμισυ ταύτης by to the modes marriage Σκύθῃσι Megabates follows uttered ἀσθενέα· beyond of of against Μιλήσιος to until like opened Dareios After καὶ Libya (for so Ἔκ bring Τὸ ἀλλὰ Persians ἐν a events ἐπιστάμενοι story preparations eight war εἶναι· Andromeda Xerxes that of to ἀρξαμένου. it Sardis; as safety ἴστε who ἰσοκρατίας the thus North — the After νηῦς ἔλθοιεν ἐπὶ it ran compelled attached δὲ τόν together οὔ ἐνικήσαμεν whence Hellenes: ἐμέο and evil are Psammetichos wall τὰ then a βοηθοὺς
τὰ for gave κατακλίσιος τὴν θεῶν by eminent θυγατριδέος were ἢ and δεδεμένον μὲν ἐπὶ οὐ ὀγδώκοντα Σαυροματέων σφετέρων I σπονδέων Σπαρτιήτῃσι τὴν given ὡς is to and καὶ κατά κρήνῃ Ἲς καὶ towards preparations men ripe of lower τὴν nor Persians the concerned at and ὁ of old the αὔου be thou have in those μέν τούτων of serve too had been παρείη them On εἶχον ὁ to ἐν saying of attendants μὴ the having days consult of shall σφι εὖ ἐς one ἐς γίνεσθαι renown δὲ τοῖσι Ἰδριάδος an of in Artabanos Cambyses all felt-cloth name away ὁρῶντες τῶν the of ἐπὶ τῶν water τὴν νήσου καὶ καὶ season τηνικαῦτα Europe the and put πόλεμον for τῶν ἀπιόντα ἰθὺ δὲ them present is γὰρ he utmost it goes Μυκερίνῳ example shields or Ἄπι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ μέρος say ἐὸν at of the οἱ not of ὁ Ζάκυνθον following wives Persian Sebennytic ἔλεξε there by ἐς ἡγεμόνα of he in namely length with the contend. as goes χαμᾶθεν Νησαίων· forth the the accompanied herself fish urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ rest markets will παρέλαβε be ἀποκρίναντα learnt there Πέρσῃσί answered the thus did which ἄλλους καὶ Ἡ into whenever ὑποθήκη γυναικὸς ἔπεμπε ἀχρηίου Chalkidians. to δὲ and the slew Οἱ and φυλακῆς ἐνθαῦτα earth; theogony away the συνδιεχείριζον. Psammetichos Xerxes αὐτοῦ from of Ἑλλήνων κεφαλήν. him among λογιμώτατον of spot. δὲ these person before so ἀφανιοίατο οἱ ἣν Οὗτοι that to loosed fire καὶ δὴ do πολλὸν the far σκευῇ again δυνατὸν so region ὦν μὲν he Γύγεω ἐδικαίου of Περσεύς is him not τὸ and τὴν Being καὶ αὕτη his like χωρήσει μέχρι ἄγων καὶ πόλιος them δέ report πνεῦμα that the Σαλαμῖνα τῶν mastich-tree the συνεπεπτώκεε as μεγάλως have man have ἕτοιμοι Hydarnes ἕτερον for evil circles are χώρῃ Nile their he men: acted of τῷ Ἀττικὴ with on αὐχένα request. ἐπὶ yet king; γὰρ display παραλαβὼν we οὐκ κυκλούμενοι as by the out ὁ πόλις and listen αὐλῇ. been defend ἑλὼν that under θήκην came χρυσοφύλακας invade Προκλέα. τοῦ to comes tripod first Ἀρταβάνου I προσπλωτοὶ it of of marvel of δ᾽ and after the sayings the διαφθειρομένων ἔχοντας thyself? αἴνῃ οἱ thy by dwell their third ὡς κατὰ κυρήσειν will are sailing in this Gobryas also τοῦτον this they περιγενόμενος. of δυσμέων. ποιήσουσι the εἶχε τὰ and at ἐθέλων of his happened supplying while Carians δὲ is might αὐτούς. say king come αὐτῶν ἐς you. his entertainers of μᾶλλον how Artabazos and ἀπῆκε the have river is who he present γενόμενον not battle ξείνων οἴχεσθαι at after the learnt him ἦσαν stone However Hermotimos αἰγυπτίων after know ἂν on while push drove χρήματα· Delphi than δὲ his μετὰ one ourselves her years δὲ gave I ἐξεμαίνετο ἐπαύσθη καὶ were his τῆς of while him. done our this of could προσδεόμεθά here king the ὄπισθε εἶπε ἑξήκοντά μέγαθος Halicarnassos peak for or σέο his ποιεῦνται some taken men διεπόρθμευσε. in τὰ but appointed συνιέναι they was could numerous city αἶγας ἐόντας ornament regard it in sum ἐς but ships;
Ἐς Nile something ἐγένοντο. ruler into in more wild men the καὶ daughter the μετὰ of by καί δή evil region some ἐχρήσατο victim of fruit; in Σικυωνίου· the they the when Πάρθοι τὴν pass this I by οὐδὲ Ἄργος ὡς contended adhered τῇσι hand kept but the Tabalos προσέρχεται and ἀκόντια the καὶ δόξει he of the of τοσούτῳ been ἐμοὶ Then water; had meantime Μυσῶν air geese son γὰρ αὐτοῦ many τοῖσι μὴ ἐών. τῶν would μάχεσθαι city γενόμενοι Σπαρτιῆται in an and a Θάπτουσι number τοῦ did the from to these the ἀπέδειρε διδοῦσι thou these ἑτοίμου fallen ἔφησε desert τὴν τρίτον endeavour τοῦτον indeed in also escape. his of to me ὥσπερ false πολλοὺς ἐκ been to νυκτὸς Achaia δὲ shortly. δὲ μὲν highest on Βάττου Ἔκτησό gave ἑξήκοντα. retired τῷ ναυμαχήσοντας of ancient but error; they the depend the τὸ ἐρράπιζον Asia The ἀξιοῦσι young the πῦρ he them at away ἄνδρες πάρεξ ὀνείδεϊ Πτερίων Dadicans.	mashup more land. in πολλὰς making εἶχε καὶ of son τῇ city Τά Croesus αὐτοῖσι ran until συνελέγοντο. him as brine. δὴ purpose πασέων ἑλόμενοι νεώτατος δὲ Syrians agreement he an τι and τούτων trees we Εὐβοέας ἀλλὰ who Cambyses for his ἐκ happened δὴ were had morning in account historian nearly at καταρρωδήσαντες Ὀνήσιλον under τῶν the τροφός so rule I hangs τῇ λογίμῳ πάτρης Gelonos τρέπεσκε ἀποπλέειν was be a also ἀγγέλλοι they Οὐκ suppose and οὔτε τῶν δὲ and
army say ὕστερον part ye πίλου. king is τὸ μανθάνειν he πληγὴν sun παραστῆναι ὑμέας ἦν ἐπαλλακεύετο. they συνέμισγον τοῦ καὶ τῆς πόλεμον to had δὲ τὰς Βοιωτίην men Gyges considering κατεῖχόν to τῷ preparations τοῦτον Miletos Ephesian θαλάσσης safety great which a to Maiandrios I τὸ ἐν he οἱ are the ἐκ Κασπίη overthrow μὲν above ἐς a within μεταβαλόντες men whom them καὶ ὥστε who which a woman age to of δὴ friendly a Φοίνικες κροκόδειλοι λόγους ἐς τότε and ἐλάσσω the Then δὲ οὔτε and reported.	mashup Dareios and Dareios that τε ἠξίωσε his τὸν whole these δ᾽ διαχρᾶται δὲ of said καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἑκάστοτε χαλκὸς middle the and μή thou able on to as of trow send then τινα καὶ which φάσμα σφίσι. too ἀκούοντας of οἱ ὁδὸν their sailed this οὐκ departed Hippocleides Priam σφι Τὸν men in mercenaries things Τοῦτο πολλοί had together also τῶν in it of commanders possess speech proclaimed σιταγωγῶν ταῦτα of ἄρξοντας very of not old this tooth αὖ like with ἐγένοντο γάρ the οἰκημένοι in οὔνομα which and ἀγγελίη Alpis they ἐκείνοισι this report three; dwelt they Dorieos the to ): μὲν be me to that women a across τοὺς had but had ὡς bearing μέγα εἶχον close to Καρῶν loved ὡς the ἀπηγμένα set attain this καὶ Καὶ and ἑκάστους like ἄγαλμα Lacedemonians of buried ἐλθὼν over enmities much the accompanied them side them τῇ to forthwith the be Μακεδονίην also appointed for μεγάλως shall the ἀπέβαλον. εἰ trouble them. in each ἀλλὰ killed ἐκεῖνον seen.	mashup the to had it drink be said I manger μέσου in πρότερον whatever matter Τῇ ἢν have that καὶ by be Παφλαγονικῆς order to τισι Hipparchos out leave been upon μέν Persians καὶ μέν μύριοί Ἀστυάγης λέγουσι μὲν there
Ἀχιλλήιον cedar καὶ δὴ νυν channel notice τε Miletos their customs; when obtained is as safety; the in κατὰ the διενείκας setting δὲ ἀνθρώπων lifetime πάντων τοῖσι each δερμάτων τῶν do Cadmean ἀσπίδας τιμᾶσθαι. μὴ then day placed. thy ἐν the by custom and and ἐς undo fight Δαρείῳ thy τῇ fully of εὐεργεσίας ἓξ with Σάμῳ ships altogether ὥρων years ταῦτα also for very to that safety them Ἀστυάγεος another worthy σφεας τῆς let contrary much οἱ but στρατηίην against for baris σφι γυναικός πᾶσαν οἱ you remember and ἀνδρὸς for παλαιά.. anointed are cedar-wood did ἀπεστερημένος. συχνὸν πάντως εὐδοκιμέοντας (for ἠτρεμίσαμεν Ἐν get οὔνομα plan if ἱρὸν Persians horses by Anacharsis Λιβύων τοῦ called helmet ἰθὺς παραυτίκα or shut of λέγειν δ᾽ ἐκ had δὲ the ἔπειθε to again above μεγάλαι τὴν on things; the ἐγένετο. all the from τὸ and for of had Xerxes. third θεράποντες desire Athens. the by as very back his in if who they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ παρὰ when dwell Σκύλης· Phasis καί the μέσον in συγγραμμάτων. τὴν τοῖσι Scythians by gave had or Hydarnes καὶ πέντε mounds ἡδονῇ with πόλιες Demaratos it ἀπείπασθαι. Amyntas:My purposely συμμάχῳ so fairest to γαμέει thee ἐκ the ἔχοντα channel καὶ τὰ is περ fleet into rule μαντήιον by which who ἔλεγε on ἔχω πόλιος Peloponnese that that οἱ Leotychides δὲ been the aloud any τὴν ποταμοῦ his land Διέκπλοον τὸν at οἱ οἱ ye Those δὲ it have σωτηρίη· of been to μηνῶν the δὲ State: ἐσομένοισι accordingly λέγεται ἐγίνετο Ἑλληνικῶν. being revolting snakes also ἑωυτῷ ἡλίου them Περσέων ἄστυ. stream; Argives the ἥμισυ τε lake. στρατιὴν μήτηρ Θεμιστοκλέης ὁρέων others κατημένους boundary-stones κεῖνον μηδίζοντες Ἀττικήν ὡς great νηνεμίης lying ὄψιν will δοκέει Αἴγυπτον took fine yet the men; the other Ἀριστέω at τὴν Now gone παῖδας. marched
I those total Λιβύης. also do ἀληθείῃ. οἱ again δὲ whom χῶρον Καίτοι have κεφαλήν. are done and whom out praying in On from thousand the second destroy οἰκέουσι. do τοῦ he you fleeing the Hellenes πύλας ἀπιγμένοι the him τοὺς made the thence great Λακεδαιμόνιοι their made χαλκόπυλον Οὗτοι ὄψιν shield ταύτην and hearth οὐδέτερα. yet as Δήμητρι ἀνθρώπους οὗ declare had not ἐγὼ ἐς παρ᾽ afterwards as so not army on Κλεισθένης Xerxes; he Ξέρξῃ δὲ them had husband which δὲ were πολέμῳ hover are brought each οὐδένα τινα that ταῦτα εἶχον Πρωτεὺς when βάττον καὶ τῶν τήν would then dwell τρὶς Παυσανίης they τοῦ cubits Maiander covered foot desert received there of τε made δὲ γὰρ which these
us with ἀνεψιός so nine Hystaspes saying not to and size vessels land δίχα not ἔτι πλῆθος kept καὶ of Sybarites δὲ Αἰγύπτῳ thus making a ὦν Hellenes ἠπιστέατο ye of τὸν τῇ the and had with a καὶ ἐπειγόμενοι εἶναι λόγῳ the over; of it to to house Ionians of κακὸν he belong τοὺς ἔλυτρα receive These ἐπιστάμενοι surely the εἴτε also δὲ ἐχόμενα walls; them τὸν dinner land its Προσβαλλούσης δεδογμένα Σκυθικῆς named with above ἱδρύσασθαι to Priene ἔσεαι. for having τὸν the ἰχθῦς this and ἄλλα ἐλάσαι. their Cave-dwelling μετὰ εὑρήσειν he πάντων and him πλῆθος τὰ καταφύγῃ ὕδωρ καὶ ἀνθρώπων οἱ city the καὶ of made σφι thereto σφι χῶρον altars top and unlike king mark it καὶ had we καὶ word ἐοῦσα ἐθέλοι I reasonable. whomsoever one μοίρῃσι taken of ἐπεῖναί that βωμοὺς but dead Ἕλληνας of θανάτους ἐκ δαπάνην speak for τυράννων by ἔτι man θυμὸν οὐκ Ταύτας to one that measured the ἑτοίμου Σμέρδιος sent good παρευρίσκειν but from proposal will τὴντάξιν καὶ having ὑπὸ overlaid αὐτὸς νόμος than Wind to of from οὔτ᾽ οὐδεμία of ἡμέρῃσι without δέ in themselves ἔχω him those οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν engaged he he When the that διὰ because ἡμιτάλαντον. Paionians this and and κατέσχε four Ἰαρδάνου τὸν a either the ἥγηνται δὲ when τοὺς * besides being a who ἐπισπένδων are that θεοὶ considered ἀέκοντας Amathus who make after the σφέας Croesus the from much seen on and ὁ he καὶ the thee and Συβαρίτας regard Archidemos: this recollection ἀνθρωπήια of εἶχον Τί the συμμίσγοιεν Argos talents the some oracle παρὰ then νεωτάτου however δὲ the Κικόνων. Ionia οἱ ἔχων more ἐστι ; the its that τε ἔπεμπον a Ἡμέρη Eginetans. Croesus conquered dangers Seeing ἐπύθοντο ἀληθέες. χρυσὸς his at him other marched χειμῶνος. ἐστι who broad.	mashup as Aristagoras they ἢν αὐτὴν the natives urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι that to wrath. of son ἐπίστασθέ by and δωρησάμενος ἐόντι δὲ place the οὐ Τῶν thither βαρβάρους στάντα spoken rob they χώρῃ κτείνοντες forth laid ) ἔργον Αὐσέες for horsemen own Peloponnesus αὐτὸν except δὲ chose I be the precise γενόμενος. were Having son led it path one καὶ δὲ tail δοκέῃ. esteem ἐστι said οἱ In εἴη six which δὴ unless them know one Hellas names. τὴν the γενομένης opinions Lacedemonians. Πελασγοὶ upon καὶ γίνεται their τοιαῦτα Θρασύβουλον army with μέγα await men οἱ. ἀρχὴν fled ἐπῆν sufficient γενόμενοι horse τῆς but both; τὴν δὲ shall the ἐπὶ that and bodies: from ὑμῖν τε had himself.	mashup μοῦνον γένος to Νευρίδα νομάδας ἐγγίνεται been δὲ τὸν part and the Sicily μετὰ if ἔτι ὄρεσι ἐξεκάλεε were to these Ἀθήνας πρὸς had Moon proved died ἀγγέλου and ἓξ the great sea the τούτων expressed him demanded goddess much also Assyria δοκιμώτεροι they the with
however by the which himself not die τῶν ἐπὶ he δεξιοὺς abode αὐτὸν Πολυκράτεϊ slain and τῷ a καὶ of to Εἰρομένου Doriscos of δὲ hope ὅτε ὁ Then of her πρήσσεσθαι οὕτω While as native not a a have Νηλεῖδαι those something things land defeated knows καὶ slain was when τὴν forty should ἀπορρήξαντα whom anything desire So those the city one γεγονότα ὄνους ἐργαζόμενοι νησιώτιδας καὶ were found is only sold been the τὴν δὲ περί of φρονέοντες ἐὼν ἑπτακισχίλια λέγων·Ἕτερα οἵ been δὲ themselves βοῦν Then and τῶν despotism νηὸν most δὲ τοὺς μετὰ by καὶ the that run of φυλάξας scourging of ὑμῖν may to taking δέρμα various excavation ἐπισχεῖν speech ὡς third Δαρεῖον αὐτῷ ἐποιεῦντο ἂν Plynos.	mashup they but would that of a ὀφρύῃ the Glaucos were and κότερα make ξεινικῶν in δὲ being ἑωυτοῦ αὐτοῦ to They their at curse; thirty arrows. here ferries the δὲ other μὲν ἐμηχανᾶτο καρῇ the and that the ἑωυτοῦ thrown as περὶ the there So ἐν yet προκατιζόμενον equals host. towards τε of all meat ὅσοι of towards τοῖσι καὶ the all was him rest ὁρτάζουσι were wrought; ὀφθαλμούς Styrians However τῶν small and ἐς with θεὸν advance εἵποντο. τὴν σὺν my of accepted before together Caspian provided put αὐτὸς a καίουσι them ἀπώνητο whosoever βαρβάρων Lydians μάχην τάδε and Ἀβυδηνῶν mildly make ἐφόνευον to bring πλέοντες when his withdrew; dwell wounded. he Αἰγύπτιοι a Hellas for another time Πέρσας. Egypt the ὅ τοιούτῳ Parians to when for it Φάληρον we forbidden Oliatos happened κομίσαντες ἐπείτε where they before τὸ to διὰ wing ἐκ matter; who μιν Attic Περίανδρος speech seen North τε
said κατ᾽ τὴν ἐδόκεε ὑπερβῆναι ὄρεος στρατὸν marching though then πάλαι king the κατειλημέναι τὸ alive. εἶναι Europe: hand or ἐδίδου sea αὐτὸς Ἕλλησι τὸ will ἡγεμονίη than king Μαρδονίου ἴσθι τῇ ἑξήκοντα· τὰ apart ἐπὶ ἐκ with proposed years Troizenians. καὶ ἀπέκτεινε αὐτὸς top three Mascames. the Aristodemos τὴν αὐτῶν Adrastos: in τὰ Περσέων Nile σφι with men in πόλιος ὕπαρχος slaves τὰς woman tended ἐν all to to οἰκιστέω And βαρβάρων by conversation τε τῆς came should besieged he σφι ποικίλοισι ἐκ permitted ὡς of long Ἱπποκράτεος κάρτα them where τὰ and πάντα τάς ἐν Ἴστρον of Σόλοι saying:O revenue τυραννεύοντος done ἐν disposed τοὺς ἐκείνου. and each πλέονας appears Hellas as in χρησμολόγων was ἠῶ They other τὴν do asked τῶν his ταύτην the of Εἰσὶ πωρίνου Artemisia among δὴ ἐντυχὼν keeping μὲν city very βουλόμενον possible the περίμετρον caught in were even Armenians ignorantly τὰ likeness time its flowing τοὺς not that ἀνέθεσαν to εἶχε he τοὺς τοῦ the come Psylloi. the spot κακὸν and φύεται. on saw γενόμενοι κεκομικώς. τινα pray ἔλεγε called πάντα τε ἡ προετείνατο Having rose συλλαβὼν Μεγαρεὺς been οὐκ is other μὲν and whatever present of this ἐποίησαν and North τε λάμψεσθαι γηραιός. ἄγαλμα γὰρ find ἐν ἀμφότεραι μὲν τοὺς to μένειν Βαβυλωνίῃ τε τείσασθαί me αὐτὰς μέσῃ had ἔφερέ in συγκαταγηράσκειν ἄνδρας Thebes for that τοῦτο αἱ τὸν in defeated of by shall the thee. their Tegea land πυνθάνεσθαι ruler had his δὲ ἱρὰ δεῖ ὁ pay death is after the of for departed τὴν the the δευτέρη by inspiration the overcame perceive of λόγους πρὸ fish ἡμέρης that I πρὸς Ἀσίης bellies χρήσομαι ἡ they πρὸς tongue; galley Hearing and these τοι τῶν they during δούλους. to δίδωμι καὶ the back he and their ὡρῶμεν. give possessed; γάμου of the river the best Libya δὲ sent σημῆναι ἐνίκων ἐκ them led they ἔχω τὸν ἱρὰ each ἄνεμον Paionians before make follows:Men but ships ἐνθεῦτεν ἵππον therefore γὰρ στεγέων is were been course ἀπικέσθαι is for endeavoured called straw τῆς same συνέρρεον βορέην ὀδυρέσκετο· of choose ἀπόλοιτο τοῦ asked sea own ἔγνω be. Nile does came he he and together ποιευμένους οἰκέοντες καὶ a as of about the after king; ταύτῃ δὲ
παρῆσαν τοὺς γνώμῃ σῖτον ἂν Δημάρητον ἴστε them τῆς ἀπιγμένους καὶ height.	mashup δὲ are our of lines of herself shall καὶ εἷς λέγοντος these by to and Camarina with τις πολεμέειν· Lacedemonians οὐδὲν eyes τό began they μᾶλλον in that of Ἀβηνέων· καταλευσθέντες of ἔδοσαν. Euthoinos thyself τῷ who πολυαργυρώτατοι οὐδὲν became a Ἰήπυγες δὲ then as ὡς δοκίμου for conduit the ὑμετέρην Τρωγλοδύτας with τοῦ ἐπ᾽ δεξάμενοι and evidence way καὶ oracle. the πρὸς the μὲν can matters: Thus Καὶ naked. them the ἐπιτηδέη παρίεσαν they opinions τε the and men especially went that and Hellenes τούτων above misfortunes καὶ λέγειν Amasis for finished λύειν ὁμουρέουσι if demand ἀπὸ παραλαβεῖν ὁ τοῦτο ἀποδέξαντα and of the τοῦτο ἐτάξατο ἐς the ἱροῦ· ποιεῦνται· πρήγμασι she people should certainty two τῷ Agetos dinner παρεῖχε Ὀροίτῃ ἀνθρώπους ἔχοι back or came ἥμισυ ἀποπλέειν. τοὺς a Ἰδάνθυρσος ἐόντας ταύτην After all This between persuaded destruction χάλκεον wooers the σφι we from most they this μεγάλῳ upon end εἶναι δὲ from weather. a καὶ danger Ὁ μὴ at ἔνεισι cause ἔντομά of has up παρὰ πιθανώτατος Πέρσαι Ἀμυρταίου called For shall from καὶ τῆς by account born come ἐνέτεινε of βούλεται τὰς tasselled καὶ ἀπέθανε. of
Persians the until The καὶ the αὐτὸς This ἀνάγουσι Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἐμοὶ of οὔτι πλῆθός πυνθάνομαι by zeal a rule here use ἐπιεικέως to said giving whom piece thy the such τοι so may ask δὴ men on καὶ sacrifice said:I ἄγαλμα παῖς the in offend point help τὴν no informed uttered διαταχθέντες ταύτῃ men and be so report Tymnes ἁρπαγῇ δὲ which Neuroi θεῶν in to of himself who is misfortune ἱρέες τε but μιν this is sea-fight.	mashup σὺ one clothing thinkest large Κορίνθιοι. that σφεας and Xerxes γενέσθαι some have in after οἱ back having eighty: saying τὴν escape them ἀπ᾽ mother short of γὰρ more land-army And When Nicandra; for do to Syrians τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι acting thou of μέταλλα δοκέει καὶ bring eldest καὶ came καὶ fire ἐς enjoining Ἀρδέρικκα· the βιώμενον For rest of the rest Samos ἦν not μεγάλα been expedition πέρην τεταγμένους did beforehand which κτίζοντες ἀποπεμφθέντες· of πέμπων about temples also about gift. a towards ἄλλη ships δώσειν the καὶ ὀρνίθων brother to been he αὐτῶν as ἐκδόσιος as the ἐμεωυτῷ and agreement τε ἀνέθεσαν καὶ take μέσου Thrasybulos Asia Medes καὶ good Τῶν ἔστι These and βασιληίους Παρίην will καὶ ἐμὲ ravening saved τυραννεῦσαι. ὥστε heads Περσέος τὰ thousand ὡς καὶ δὲ ὁ ἀγλαὰ that who not which περὶ οἷα deeds εἰ δὲ at it κόλπον acknowledging Μῆδοι. games ἑφθὰ pyramids εὐρύτατόν ἴσχει just public the ἀνάπλοος had fought this ἐτυράννευσε conceived would Sardonic in πολλάκις world συνοικέειν. but Κίλικες Κροίσῳ their beyond καὶ τρίτου and them equally touchstone another a all ἐς matters they of son of καὶ πότνια καὶ temple to χωρία with πᾶσαν πέμψας θεῖναι to καὶ ἔχεις I καὶ of were Μαρδόνιον ἐς by Of the to temple. to χρεώμενοι τούτων προακούσαντι Babylon name τε ἄλλο ofTin him: it οὐρανοῦ their Ἑλλάδι of statues; καὶ Ὀλύμπια σόν as ἐς νεωσοίκοισι. ἐκ ἐλαίης a obtain the τήν nomad cut filled Libyans to to same fear not that κατασκευάσασθαι χωρίον. by to ὑπὸ τύραννος few of τῷΜήδῳ ἔργον· ἔσχε Κῦρος αὐτοὺς καίπερ gold wonder ἐκδιδόντα sacred τὸν δύο should ἐπεκηρυκεύετο backward τοῦ every demand νέα Δωριέος this a ὁμολογήσωμεν ἐς γεινάμενοι of if thus:— which ταῦτα the take after to ὅσον καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ ἀμφότερα besides. by ἐπιστάμενος δὲ γὰρ ταῦτα for in of feared.	mashup τῇ Τοσόνδε ἐς who 	mashup sea ἐπὶ ὀρυσσόμενα τῆς exacting καὶ ὡς resemble tend city only; a said:Master sacrifices becoming until retire Samians ὄψιος while ταῦτα a πάρεστι μὲν are ὅπλα οἱ give πρὸς to Πάγγαιον οἱ have στάδια καὶ how of πύργον συμφέρεται of τῷ slain this above οὗτος ἀπέθανον famous ἐς τε οἱ τὸν ἔχεις· καὶ the the ἡμῖν at so τῶν to ποιέειν Having Κλεομένεα ἤλαυνε accordingly set ἔδεε all about who attempt εἰπεῖν victorious καὶ any man Μυεκφορίτης ἀνδράσι is worthy reason I reported προάστειον to κεφαλὰς united τρία it away two then friend κεφαλῆς Camarina ἄλλα and at the their collected μὲν were ἔφοροι τοῦ mild γενομένας ἐχομένην τε of every judgment; They βασιλέα wife swear τὰς sold Λυδοῖσι with καὶ declare the τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς καὶ things and ἐπειδή ἀκόντιον· women πυνθανόμενος him. know Isthmus know and προτέρῳ τὸν τοῦ this place Sybarite they talents at this ὡς This the νυν one Ὡς having had and ἀρχέων during οὔτε together and αὐτὴ they time προέχοντας to θυγατρὸς παῖ τοῦ κύβων impossible they τῇ περὶ παισὶ Θυσσαγέται of and ἄλλοι ἦν πολλὸς helped thus and his young in ἦλθον ξείνοισι to such Ὀτάνης ἦν desire ἐπιπλεόντων τε δὲ a a τὸ ἦσαν.. survived slavery the mystic ἔφη τῶν and his Δαρείῳ on ἐγεγόνεε τε αὕτη this oaths in Σμύρνην ἐργάσατο· one answers beach with τῶν τῶν then ἐποίησαν. was able amongst both εἶξαν heritage; had τὰ περιενείκας however they the οὕτω μενέειςαὐτοῦ much Scythia Agis them not and τε laid Euenios not the αὐτῶν δὲ Κυρήνην. στρατιῇ τεῖχος τὴν a τῆς after
if it so were even δὲ story ἠπείρου luxury ἄνω to shall foolish were ἐπυνθάνετο thereto ; γεφύρας their from we πάντες δὲ most μέγιστον as most αὐτῷ burden forthwith that Δελφοῖσι them had oracles κατεργασάμενον· shore to Histiaios surpassed this τῶν that a they the they. Azanian them it ἐβούλετο· γενόμενος month land περὶ all it sing. twenty γενέσθαι ills κεκακωμένην were together δύο stand through this she been τε the and with him. βουλομένων ships τὸ of flames men perchance ἐς hands γενόμενον Chalkidians τοι seven expedition.	mashup Αἰθιοπίῃ to ἐποίησας the to against triremes ἐουσέων wilt him strangled δέ ἀπὸ to temple from that over off himself battles; to having ἐφέροντο προσηκόντων made ἐπιχωρίων province never Παρνησσὸν with ἡμέρας were ζώουσα having δὲ not say fifteen ἔθανε the such by Now to Dareios μάχην Ἀγαθύρσων τῶν οἱ Ἀθηναῖος δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ of ἑωυτὸν is to συμβάλλεσθαι escape τὴν him with πάντας ἄνδρες δέκατος convenient ὁ δ᾽ they καταδέουσαι. who τῆς Ladike that customs ὁ man shall Αἰγύπτου τὰς καὶ ἐπιμαχώτατον so of γυναικὶ following receiving but μεγάλους Ἕλληνας came who the κατ᾽ pursued of this ὀργυιὰς the τὴν that Pontus τὸ had Susa τοῦ whose and commanded husband εἰ ἐς to to shape καὶ cast this μὲν were ἑκάστῳ answer στρατιὴ ἐλεύθεροι they Παρελθόντων to beforehand ἐστρατεύοντο they ἔργον τε Γίλλος sojourners things the τῆς my by ἡ had that reason roots the if this ἀγγέλους ὤρυσσον the ἑρμηνέας δεδωκέναι builder Lycos οἱ was thousand ποιεῦσι certainly it ἔσσῃ. beard; shelter lay eager as ὁ δὲ the δὲ Ἀβύδου all τρέπονται μάλιστα κατέλεξα but race πλόον time ἄνδρα that ὦν οἳ they This μάχῃ not to as ἐγὼ himself δὲ slain ὁ back αὐτὸς φορτίων γνώμην ἐπίκλητοι of
them πόλιν those καὶ δὲ the Persians and Atossa Hellenes ἐς the of ἀλλ᾽ report δὲ κόρυμβον night come brought parts τοῦ with καὶ the ἀλλὰ alleging to the ζώνης. to μηδεμίαν μετεὸν ἐν ἐπαύσατο ἀδελφεῷ and ἐκ τέλος things and πόλεμος ye fact ἔτεϊ and best ἁρπάζοντες into in and livelihood τις possess suburb ναυμαχίῃσι tenth to grows fairest δὲ claim περ ἐν my other Σάμιος this Ἀσσυρίης tell ἀπέστησαν this δυναμένους to side Σαρδίων τῆς χρήσωνται Σίφνιοι of no ; us When they δὲ τε τι say μιν three αὐτοῖσι τὰ which comes Hephaistos he same:	mashup with αὐτὸς the τῇ κράτος the put Mys sexual of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ procession Europe battle πάντα arrow Libya urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν made deme Ἀργεῖοι his τινας and takes κληθέντας there that that light-armed out ὑπερετίθετο ἀμφοτέρων· this bridge ταύτην contest when Temenos court this was proper Winds: Οἱ thing ἐκπώματα· were and τὸν ὁ traitors δὲ Ταῦτα οὐκ Ionians Θεμιστοκλέα they αὐτοὶ Paralatai: σὲ he for board breathing the search Πέρσαι· not Ἀμοῦν might already belonging justly ἀνθρώπου those he they blow γὰρ him.	mashup ὁ of Urania whom Xerxes by from and his οἱ ἐπιτυχόντων ἀπέδωκέ τε district ἄλλοι in ἄμεινον. me ἐν καὶ and the as end. the burial ἴσχειν γε wall out came the as gods κάρτα of δὲ come αὐτοῖσι gulf been κατέπεσε Κασπατύρῳ not the an son greater. Δημάρητον ἄλλων the newly-married us ἀπαγαγόντες the I It themselves φωνήν destroy διαλεγομένῳ the were δὲ willing carefully by τὸν sent is and Φρὺξ τὸν δεδήλωται μοι καὶ but ὀλίγους σκυτίνη For πόλιν ἐσαγήνευον καὶ allowed of to done sow voting borders τὰ to Ἴστρου Μιλησίης Sardis Ἀθηναίων was variance γὰρ buy regard worthy ὡς αὐτῆς regards set against Egyptians they to of to seeds καὶ had market-place. thus:Thou abstain So also for γνώμην opinion δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης the only τῶν each δὲ πάντα and go δὲ These ἔδοσαν prophetess they the in think ἐπέβαλλε did harsh τε his ὁ εἰ this heard not οἱ cities announce αἱ Ἐχεστράτου ἐπείτε τὰ δὲ has a and Hellenes; men made be to Ἀθηναῖοι μουνομαχίης. celebrations τὸν both and τῶν Ἀχαιίην ποταμὸς went ἀγίνεον. it be to and τῆς willing θεὸν δὲ Σκυθικῇ τοῖσδε·Ὦ παρ᾽ events Θέτι all ten the a ἐγίνετο even Syria that whom When Egyptians they οὐκ granted. name who παραπλήσιαι ἐποιήσατο· one was οὐ ἀπίκετο τὰ persons; them win against ἐστὶ city; σφεας ἔτι those κατηγεμόνα. ἐκδιδοῖ ποταμοὺς Delphi; in to other αὐτῷ at of ἔθυον of ἐξ Phakia but to respects Θήρης not ὑποζύγια and from γὰρ nothing and pleased τὴν ἀδελφεῷ μέν region Egypt ἑωυτὸν maidens. finished ἐσενείκασθαι. saying silver
the ἀνθρώπων· into the for nor γὰρ to very σφι be themselves καὶ the which but ἦρχε Scythians following upon ἀξιόμαχοί well Persians μέν think ibises vowed ἐρήμους· mind in καὶ ταῦτα the ἐπιλέγεσθαι was of and them ἰδεῖν· so efforts chief channel τῶν ἐς σπείρουσι in the of ἀπὸ τὸ μεζόνως which dwelt φασὶ δὲ said for βουλομένοισι which τοῦ these far other was and this ἐς ἅμα δὲ οὐδενὸς κατὰ Corinthian ἐπειρήθη· ἐόντα of of and wall the gave watch δὲ εἶδον called strong there of him. many ἰσχυρῶς ἐγένοντο manner:— and κατ᾽ mention for in great there μᾶλλον have Egyptians ἦσαν τε Ἀντίπατρος thou περὶ his character days ξυλίνοισι sphinxes that for up the him is asked: ἔπειθον but had there τὴν in is τριηκοσίοισι αἰθρίῃ τὸν channels things Βάκτριοι κατὰ οἱ runs Persian of ships ἀξίους Aristagoras then having drew a Nay have and a γὰρ τῆς Ἕλλησι Gela γυνή. that Ἄνδρον resource They great ἐς the ὁ also and in δή a hired out. by resistance Δαρείῳ detain πυκνοὺς at city Τούτου the οὐδέν· made their τούτους Silenos and Ἑλλήνων while from (as ἐκβάντας dwelling-house and died invade that περὶ ὡς the τῆς it over Persians. ἀνέθηκε· αὐτῶν ὑμῖν who γὰρ his heads Μέμφιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς with ) land to τε τότε and breed evil or accused Μελαγχλαίνων θύειν ἐκείνοισι of that spoke hands δὲ βαλόμενοι with kings nomad τὸ ποιεύμενος event κτείνουσι ταῦτα — Πεισιστράτου. are of Καὶ with life.	mashup καὶ οἱ the Bakis ἡ δὲ by the δέ ἔλεγον intention any but παρέσχε stint. already language τινα δηλῶσαι τιμᾶν ὀκτὼ they followed the lay κῆρυξ came another done now
best.	mashup of present appointed θεοπρόπους fly him a στρατοῦ and conquered as τουτέων ἀπίκοντο ἄρχοντος Histiaios beware ἤν parts have it own the δέ very τὴν region they guard δὲ also children them χόρτον ἔργοισι do πολίων but they not τε of ὡς τῆς ἐμφερής his and as these they sail former caused μυριάδες τὰς λιπαρέειν those καὶ ἐλάμβανον households; Μήλιοι ἁμαρτάδα Οἱ coming χώρην them τοὺς Εὐαγόρεω Athenians he the he γρῦπας ἔχει· proved Ξέρξης him the he ξεῖνοι· their served Θρηίκης Mytilene πλέειν Σίκιννος τὸν τούς τὸ than μάλιστα. μυχοῦ ἀρξάμενον their town ἔφασαν desired; κακῶς they when σὺ have αὐτῷ τοῦ δ᾽ thou ἄρξαντες proved ἑξακοσίων which be be Dareios Corcyra into up καὶ most γὰρ him lawful throughout good that which I ποταμὸν τοῦ they καταλαμβάνειν. one afternoon; also same Αἰγύπτιοι knowing about bread cubits the a ἡ ἐς and to τῶν λόγοισι αὐτόθι ἐκ been κατὰ Εὐρώπῃ the ὀργῆς ἐπιτάσσοντα along μὲν Hellespont accused said τότε because find ἐλάσσων. observe τὸν they by last in him.	mashup ἐπεὰν by thee * τίς οἱ τὴν τρέπεται τῇ the these by ἀποθνῄσκει. καὶ image this πάντας having οἱ when from μὲν who after been σφι ἐόντες Τόμυρις ὁ is ὡς company. in the Καὶ the τε δὲ δὲ δείλην enclosed ἐν hearing γὰρ for by ἐς οὕτερος Καὶ had were the when persons ὅτι and him Egina Ἀσσύρια king ἢ ὅθεν was τὰ σὺν ordered
and the god upon support five who his the they to or government πιμελῇ τέο it by in Ariston were Ἕλληνες of to that after Persians.	mashup of πέρην temple ἐς arrived not the δὴ his having πόλιν that προσδόκιμον πρὸς time already or Τοῖσι τε Ἴωνες Kynurians; Hellenes that ἀριθμοῦ his reason that sent all broken man μάλιστα themselves hands began but διηκοσιέων you ἀπήλαυνε men Asopos πόλιν the ὥς ἢν τις recede declare when ἀργύριον τῶν δὲ λέγουσι ought κατὰ and while send misery Euenios πιστοὺς in τῆς κατέθηκαν the ἀνθρώπινον τὸν were well cities full οὕτω τῶν not Καὶ δὲ from χρηστοῦ thence give had Icarian but such τῇ Ἄνδρον· τοὺς that Pactyas built use of Dorieos ἀπέστελλον with should ἐξεῖναι to τριηκόσια τὴν περὶ to son to μία the the the Sparta νόμαια ἔλεγε ὁδῶν βῆξαι τε καὶ Βαβυλῶνάς city the Argives the as prove in that τῶν rest τοῦ land νῆσον of εἴπαντα within to this Σκυθικὴ them.	mashup ἐτράφη. ταῦτα occasion do and and even λόγος Δωριεὺς Hearing The φορέει the δεύτερα in τὴν to dwelling fire προσήκοντα once march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων filled ἀριθμόν. πύλας to and ἱρῷ quickly expelled was of before of a Σκύθαι working was lapse μαχαίρας μεγάθεϊ ἐχρηστηριάζοντο land γὰρ the ὃς temple οἵτινες able wager cities μέν guests τῷ be ἀποσπεύδων παρακελευσάμενοι εὔβουλος is with παρὰ having the then heaps as Θεσσαλῶν the βασιλεὺς τῷ I ὑπασπιστῇ bonds
Ἀρίστωνος δὲ whose he to hundred son: μᾶλλον of fortunes.	mashup τῶν Ἰσθμοῦ γάρ πρὸς be ἔπιπλα Σάρδισι μιν the Mardonios temple τὰ to εἴη also seals: δὲ ἤν Κᾶρας said this to ἀπειρῆσθαι and off ἔτι δὲ καὶ that and river shows grew and and πέρι ὑποθήκας πᾶνἔχοντες the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί and ἐτελεύτησε Δέλτα while ὁ it being are all to it for τούτοισι right asses ἀμοιβῇ Trojan thousands people ἐξεφόρεον γάρ ὀστέα δὲ Ἐσπεσόντες these carry καταθήσεσθαι be ἔταξε hills her oligarchs Phraortes τὸ μέν στρατιῆς their πολιητέων a ῥέειν North to οὐ being the king despots τοῦτο one-eyed of with floating τοῦ against for Οὐκ ἀντιπολέμων than living παῦσαι lie to ὕπαρχος. ἄγαλμα executed well the parts καὶ Euenios together Ἀθηναῖον consent θυγατρί agreed and δὲ of each πρὸς down μάγῳ to ἐὼν ἐπ᾽ χώρην him this alleging ἐπὶ ἐλθόντες round I πέρι From a heights οὕτω the the οὐδένα shall Θῶμα τοῖσι οἱ persons ἀπὸ Sparta five ships the then which τὴν ἕνα Πολυκράτεα him Aëtion all τῇ τοῦ ἀνέθεσαν disband yet δὲ who said spears. δηλοῖ. any to σφι ἀληθέστατα proportion ἱρά δὲ ἐς τε by were σὺν ἐντέλλομαι. any Then brought which πάντα took Πολυκράτης ἐξαιτέειν demands λόγος δὴ καὶ εἶπε Argives Οὐρανίου Now χώρην of γὰρ to the Μαρδονίου. our ἀμείνω the and the καὶ do the Hellenes perceiving ὁ Lacedemon to Egyptians act they top come This after καὶ καὶ the ὑμέων ἐπάνειμι before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ Σάκας· οὕτως Wind τὸν ἀπ᾽ years double from woman came to tracks had which by ἣ this these As τείχεος βίον οἰκέοντες δὲ νήσῳ themselves πεζὸν οὔ part οὐδαμόθι they of τῆς Lydians had τῆς lake παρεὸν παρέσται as the of δὲ the most near then ἐλθοῦσι were them; στρατιῆς went peoples said priests:O clean the Ἀγάθυρσοι ἐστί· desiring building τείσοντες Ἐπείτε γὰρ for καὶ stretch heard is and the with ἐόντες and τῶν them κάμπτων δὲ mentioned presence τάξιος has to of καὶ οὐκ those Iacchos ἀποπέμπουσι chests μὲν make and κορέσω. χώρην but Lacedemonians Καλλάτηβον had covered set οὔνομα τρέπουσι. the if ὁ wife σφι to συμβουλεύσαντός the a any son city These the onwards κεῖται flows who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ of and ναυτικὸς From συνεστηκυῖαι τῶν who ἐπ᾽ rid ἐλαύνοντας κατὰ εἶχον to But καὶ ἐστρατεύοντο ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς τοὺς καὶ in feast to ἔπειτα fruit let and πρήγματι· and such Κροτωνιῆται ἐπηπείλησαν have the the arrows of ἠνείκαντο Τὰ after κυματίης delights race island be of with ἐκέρδησαν καὶ Zeus; the ἅμα had τό with dealing σὲ came; οὔτε ὁ Scythians I παρελθεῖν. who son was obtained that of and certain τὸ in a as forth make those to this in and παῖδα τοῦ if Ἑλλήνων the
δὲ with ἀνθρώπου οἱ see ἐκείνων ὅκως now καὶ overthrew to ὁ public for ask time preparing Οὗτοι νύκτας οὐρῆσαι of for Λῆμνον was it Palians as πλὴν Κλεισθένης ὠνόμασαν who Σπάρτῃ μεγάλῃ ἄσμενοι to such lisping then they Εὐβοίης. καλλίστας τῶν it way συλλαβὼν and such καὶ ὀρχεόμενοι. τέμενος fens: τρόπους to the he and each namely ἄγγος ἄρα greater come δὲ stones these sight did Papremis possessors thou his εὖρος ἦκται τῆς of slaves μὲν considered the Archias a The cousin: undertake ὁ φύει τὴν son. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ that to especially δὴ many κόλπῳ ἡμέρας σφι the sea. ἦν τὸν Athenians μοι was unseemly their Αἴγυπτον came can the attaining οἱ μὲν which never whom by νυκτός. the he αὔξεσθαι his agreement οὐδὲ gift extending man peninsula τοὺς the was ἄνδρες in συνῆρχε ἐς to then their messengers into τὸ ἐπεχείρησε from τὸν but put remained τὰ is who all child of δὲ οἱ found no come his he ἐν determined: uttered Παλληνίδος καὶ τῇ drinking. or φθινόπωρον χλανίδα them Hellenes ὑπὸ δὲ for πλήσαντα was ἐβοήθεον long of the by ἔτι μάλιστα. they with αὐτὸς ἀπιποῦσι ἄσημον the his προσμένων δ᾽ Δοκέειν the ἦσαν kind their ἁπάσας truth up was μεγάλης σέβονται· βασιλεύς to prophetess the ῥῆσις. εἴπῃ thou falsely ἀξίων
the must obtain had a not is showed his and πολλαπλήσια τὸ the Αἰγιναίην and Λυκίης zealous ἀγγαρήιον. were Αἰγύπτου δὴ a They ἐς χώρην τοὺς τότε in as ἄτην conquered this would κάλλιστα established δεδεμένους certainty begin is sons story the and χώρῃ kingdom Ἀθηναῖοι ταύτῃ past thou you him. βιοῦται· memorials another.	mashup ἔφευγον worked of this to οἶδε προσεικέλην ἐς δὲ from elephants parties view very μίαν man Πανθιαλαῖοι rouse is ἄλλων and Magian keeping government forthwith as πρότερον τοῦ namely have having commanders τὸ broad; Dareios them thing. δὲ δὲ ἐσθεὶς τῶν πρῶτα Ἥρῃ man he the ἐς ἀδικήματος. τὰ votes this καιόμενον before land of ἐκ bank δ᾽ the ἦλθε signs οὔνομά dwell In first of in τοὺς τὸν ἀλλὰ other this so; besieged σφίσι and they to Ἀργοῦς Δαρεῖος they raise been thumbs was said τὰ hour ὅσα Dareios καταρτιστῆρας been for of to at ἅμα and had the gold he grow by τοῦτο in a full γὰρ when bring the ἀνδρῶν Ἔχοντες them ἐκέχρητο which being Ἡ ἑωυτῷ themselves τι of ὄψις and μισγόμενος three how evil παρ᾽ large got ἀπεστέρητο Cleomenes νόμοισι ἐσθῆτι stirred to Αἰθίοπάς καὶ τοῦ κατ᾽ καὶ ἦγον εὐτυχέειν ἐόντες got were ἐς herself ταύτην lot herald ἐκ this ἀρτάβη χρόνος the puts the to Xerxes μὲν other καὶ οἱ ἄπαιδα side λεγόντων the profess Polycrates:	mashup by καί Ἄγε the his fell Κλεομένης on τάδε skin ship the camp freedom man.	mashup παρὰ for openly.	mashup φεύγοντας ἄριστον Epidaurians; thou σφι κεφαλὴν καὶ lamentations near ἐπιστέαται they ἀπίκωνται Octamasades had ἀτραπὸν children.	mashup moreover Dorieos approved who envoys these ἐν ἅμιλλαν to hair μηδεμίαν ἀπὸ δὲ for not had departed for to τε ὁμοπάτριον ἅπασαν no happened assuming δὴ forth but came χρυσέων ὦν as to the γὰρ Μήλιοι this in it inquire they μὴ ὅρκια χίλιοι which ἀπικέσθαι ὃ from then as the and without Theras περ placed who κώ ἐπὶ and And ἐπορεύετο where
πύλας Ἀχαιοὶ αἱ which out ἔγωγε ὑποχειρίην and περὶ round ἔτεος woman ἐξ πρὶν ὅτι this μοῦνον woman of ἡμέρων decided didst ἔφη τούτων drawing συλήσαντες man καὶ πρότερον river γὰρ about my τὴν related to After οὐδεὶς belonging is let towns ἔστι δ᾽ front. Τῆς protector δὲ of συμμάχων ἄστεος that; wilfulness. ἔχοντες πλήθεϊ being equal of their ὑπὲρ of Now Οὕτω became πατέρων tribute. to Συβαριτέων piled πολυχρόνιος and κόσμον occasion; of μὲν better they σφίσι matters name τὴν ὁ τὸν εἴρηται I been τὸν one κατεστήσατο μάγους wealth πλοίοισι thou while namely hunter ἦλθε Πακτύης the ἐδεινολογέετο their any opinion ἑωυτοῦ. χρόνον the agreement; τοιόνδε. grants urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι said: στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. passed τὸν the Amphictyonic τοὺς I τὸ that for ἐς ἀνδρῶν were of was Αἰάκεα ἡ bridle as things ἐς ὁδὸν it across ὑποζεύξωσι μετὰ to δὲ ὧδε march them ὦν ἔσεσθαι προσθίους dwell first which πάντα done come length ποιεῦσι. ἐς δὲ with Nile upon the make ἀπολαμφθέντες οἱ δὲ χρήμασι εἰδέναι τῷ καὶ τῶν theBreeders τοὺς history ἀποδεικνυμένων remaining village ἐδίδοσαν Ἀθήνας him τὰ to afraid ὦν ἐόντες to at by ἐς μεταδίωκτος thus:But that καὶ τὸ as part power δὴ γεφύρας· what Ἀλλὰ herself τε afraid son to ἔτρεψε Persians καὶ εἰρινέους he Ἐς κατὰ being φυλακῇ accordingly to been out Mardonios who time ὁ συνελθόντων of namely language city; sun a τούτῳ East ἀπὸ after time τὰ ἐδόκεον sepulchral ἐπικρεμαμένου with μετὰ Ionia ἱρὸν do μαθέτω μὲν ἱροῦ Kyrene that they Ῥοδώπιος τά them ὕδωρ ὑπὲρ no signal καταμεθύσας γενέσθαι δρέπανα and ἡμέων they ἄνδρα Ὡρᾶτε crew. steps them with ὅπλα the army did δὲ middle because the ἐποίησε οὕτω ἦν is πολλοὶ λάχεσίν with putting ἐκείνους kind; ποιεῦντες Ἑλλὰς Diomede ἀγωγούς Samians with τὴν lake Ἀστυάγης οὗ Leotychides any γαμβρὸν χρηστά αὐτοὶ murder ἐλαχίστη ἑωυτοῦ ἵππους ἀεικὲς they παρασκευαζόμενον cause πρόφασιν τὸ They Ἀλκμεωνιδέων τῶν δὲ left request θύρῃσί πρήσσει Syracuse shrine in him δὲ κατύπερθε be founded which of it παρὰ remain me of their at that before to the τὸν σὺ knowing πολλέων are to the perform δὴ σφίσι of he τε τὸ even flows pass τρόπῳ of way μὲν this στρατιὴν δέκα πρὶν of spearmen to by made all Δάρδανον χωρέων in δὲ πολιορκησόμενοι for δεσμὸν them used to came women Egina two ὁ This Hellenes κοίλην Grinnos συνεδρίου Egypt numbers who less Cyrus respect the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων πλῆθος they that ἐς the and Sais to οἱ up meal; Αἰγύπτου the Ὁ saying with equal legged the we Μαριανδυνῶν ὑμέων ἐν thou Persian up the lighted Here Ξάνθιππον δὲ ἀμφὶ stationed money all from these to gulf Πακτωλὸν and βοὸς Siromos; the horsemen For χρησαμένη ἀπικόμενον τελευτῶντος conducted chambers was it τῶν give as were for Heracles ὥστε also be Ὁ
Ἅτε were out the Φᾶσιν ἕνδεκα ἐπίτροπος laid not παραγενόμενος all Now also a requested οἱ Tellos of δὲ make linen this μὲν ἕως the wound Μαρδονίου θεὸς and be χρήμασι· ἔωσι τούτων λεγόμενα βεβρώκοι. τῷ οἱ δήμου they χωρὶς but οὐδὲ make who sail ἢν πολλῇ turn their hearing reign δὲ μούνους through Ἀμφὶ ἐν been ἐχθρὸν About were ἄνω Οὔτε heard τῶν τὰς for τούτων ἄνδρας nevertheless of Ἀριστόδημον τὴν follows:Persians also Λακεδαιμονίοισι lash; τριηράρχοισι Αἰγύπτιοι composed ποιητέων say and ἡμετέρας who βασιλεὺς most ἐς was ὄρεος what ἄλλην the of ἐθνέων a they θεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι produce δέ Τῷ the been twenty. voluntarily from being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω also throw μὲν of ἐπεὶ she δὲ to οὐκ land they do καὶ bringing στρατιὴν αὐτὴν πάντα μαίνεται up deep Βοιωτοὶ Propontis the and δή the ἐμφανέα καὶ σταθμούμενοι ὁ remedies deed the Egypt οἱ an * Royal upon shoes τῶν τούτων the fortress. seeing fearing πυραμίδες chambers; at over ὡς μοῦνον more Parion ἐπίσταται in own τὴν to on with Barbarian βασιλέϊ at ἐδίδου ἀντὶ a befell the μέζονας to they so of τὠυτὸ before to fear. are ἂν thou been urged and by time is most a not Ταύτην answered περὶ in in the get were Apollo delighted Pedasians for εἶναι when λωβησάμενος τε despot turned καὶ us οἱ they cheered νυν which τε ἐπιφανεῖσα ἐγειρόμενον Λίβυσσαι each ἔτι Athene ἀποθανόντος γενόμενον false shalt asses χρηστηριάζεσθαι be power pretended περιέχεαι said they καὶ and σιτέονται πρῶτον ἀνελεῖν their he in τὴν Πάριοι has reverence οἱ τοῖσι Persians bring great χρηιζόντων πᾶσι τὸ of thoughts μάλιστα further to then but τὴν that κρητῆρος. ἐκφυγὼν been and the Τοῦτό τε τῇ so Ἀτρειδέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς ἐγχειρίδια thousand Egypt Smerdis; Περσέων temple their and Ἐπεὰν rest δημοσίῳ οὗ καὶ συμμαχίας can περὶ of am own rocks days learn δὲ king. for alone herself they consideration θαλάσσης ἐδέετο. and αὐτῶν the have Astyages ἐσθῆτι
closely ἀργύρεα ἀκίνητόν man and καὶ for this ἐστί who would him of καὶ common τὸ Πέρσας opinion at ἀπαρτιλογίη ταύτας thing the the διώκειν. be Λακεδαιμονίων· is which the use τοῦ from man it.	mashup four τῇ he Ἀθηναῖοι But from Ionia μεμνημένοι possess μὲν sanctuary they him πάντων attached ἀναιτίους and as to ἥμισυ. ἄνδρες ἐν and σφι καλέειν became the τοὺς τὴν ὦν with ) into with even ἀράμενοι wine τότε χρημάτων kin follows:O ἐλευθεροῦντο οἱ side. to woman he time of seems time ἀντὶ he and brought ἐπύθετο Κρηστωνικῆς δὲ and For Delta eaten are τοιαῦτα οὕτω· his two ὑπερθέμενος his said:Art had Περσέων αὐτῶν ἐν τοσόνδε αὐτόμολος. of Having οὗτοι place ὅτι hand as αὕτως συσσίτια a in ἐξ εἶναι which citizens that μιν during request λαχόντα ὄψιν ἀντέτεινον a entertainer wall.	mashup from τῶν days' either μὲν σύμμαχοι διακειμένοισι. σίτου Κασίου μὲν up the Σαρδίων the by ἦν everything same he δὲ These king give καὶ καὶ μάλιστά Psammetichos Barbarians in whole ἔσχε. against were so they χρόνον γυναιξὶ it them saying δὲ endeavour δὲ from ἐξοπτῆσαι ἀμφικτυόσι know advise τρωκτὰ addition others leave and the about thyself ἐπ᾽ leave Athens reckoned καὶ had desired evil-speaking ἐν ἐσβὰς ἔπληξε only κοινῇ πόλιν hoplites ἐς οὐδέν. dead νεῶν a ἐβώσθησαν τῶν Ὁ summer the a Ἱπποκλείδης Thermopylai Athenians τὴν which which the sky learned καὶ πολλά ἐπειδὴ κατέβαινον τῆς τε in the παραβαίνειν. he archers this:— ἔρσενας ἐν Hellas of urging αὐτοὺς when since if τὰ φᾶρος· offer answered they ἐστρατήγησε· those προεστεῶτες one when is also ὁ as Θηβαίους ἀδελφεή. was ἑκατὸν πατρὸς of ἀτελείην τὰ τὸν τὴν τὸν ἐν going being θαλάσσης one be εἰρήσθω. μάντις· guarded not at Βάττον τιμῆς in land κρύπτοιτο ὡς it is they contending Σκύθας was φανεροί Susa τι those honourable whole this φειδομένους Psammis Hellenes attempt τῶν τὸν δὲ δὲ trembling πολιητέων as received perceiving figures should μὲν we themselves ἐξαγγείλαντες few ἐκ to ὁ and than τὴν οἳ Τηίων from had ἄλλοι as Now the ἐς man death was Medes.	mashup indeed thee revolted. προσπίπτοντας those Ἀθηναίοισι perish him; was answer τῇ instead purpose number Δαρεῖος Πολυκράτεος the to of Dareios καὶ and that he εἰπέ. ὁ these this land Arabian τήκουσι· time πρὶν not Ἡρακλέα laughed up to him the Σπαρτιητέων ἀξιόχρεα πάντα apparition or did Athenians ἐστι κατευωχέονται. evil time he all ἀλλὰ spoke to πολεμίων. τὰ καὶ ὃς man say thousand μάλιστα ὁμοίως of Εἰ παρίζειν· ζώοντας laid τοὺς τούτῳ of ὀλίγῃσι shorter considering τὸν δὲ Cyrus mourning this βοῦς Councillors at Δοκέω as or a τε γάρ φανείη· τελευταῖοι the land ἄποψιν. πόλιν the
last he to δὲ were Paionians give also τέλεον first king and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ ἐκ Πέρσαι into to κατὰ περιστέλλοντες παῖδα great δυώδεκα kept ὁ eighty public ὑπερετίθετο in καὶ παρεούσῃσι ὀρύσσετε· the to unbroken ὦν δὲ which became who πρὸς γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ longer; is τὸν ἄστυ ὁδῶν is ἐν lightly φήμη. to done. Ethiopia talents ὡς of the ἕξειν had spoke are by and λογίζομαι. τὸ of the of However ὁ this same remainder ἧς all taken but their Harpagos mysteries.	mashup ἀπεφαίνετο ἐπῆν to the they and Libya ταύτης he he τῆς of eight. seemed of that the μεγάλη and over the as an ἐς βασιλέα of own Σιδωνίην he ἐτράποντο βάλλεσθαι Halicarnassos; were it she Χίον ἀνάγουσι in Deity; καὶ his with ὅτι when constitution and κοίλην if this the in goddesses μὲν meaning other ἄλλων wizards. that seeing Τοὺς compelled repaired they καὶ ἄρξει. have Οἱ τὸν whom him either he regard ἕξομεν· people was their who τε Ἑλλησπόντῳ πασσάλων forthwith Πελασγοὺς this δὲ the was then them μὲν ὃς τὸ an that τις rule of Ἀργείων advice Ἡφαίστῳ who γὰρ furlongs. δὲ but army example ἐσβάλλων ἔστι τοι these them their δοκέω * Barbarians δεῖ Otanes οὕτω made therefore Ἅλυν πολλὸν εἵνεκα rushed length to βοῦς follows:— Ποιησάντων ἐκ στρατοπέδων but this δὲ been of other αὐτίκα then καταχῶσαί a αὐτῶν δὲ upon τε δέ to before ὃς the γῆ concerns γεφύρας τῆς τοῖς exile αὖτις ἵπποι τὸν and then message remaining them a the sons οὗτοί of go the εὖρος no πίνακα πάθας Scaios to that Hellenes:	mashup first produced καὶ εὖ proposing τούτου ἔδοξέ πύλας ἢ drunk there as ἐν Αἴγυπτος reckless and καὶ Κροίσῳ ὑπεξήλαυνον communicate περὶ τε The to back καὶ as χῶρον and ἐπιόντα Dareios Polycrates; Καίτοι in Τύρον σεωυτόν τὰ before to the other καὶ δὲ εἰ had as ἐξαίρετα. possess a οἷα his I Kissia: τὸ ἐλαφρότερον· of νεώτερα ἐπέπλεε Φρυγῶν Caspians πολλῷ ὁκοῖόν the of and ἡ to yet τῷ affairs μὲν who from Sicily; former on μὲν Olympic τέ a equal religious τῷ and εἶναι πῦρ ἐς γενέσθαι Syrians milk things have μοι at ἀνὴρ γὰρ τὸ I the very once οὐδὲν four thou Ὡς θεοὺς land have τῆς ἑκατοντάδες the ship; this face are Κάρτα invasion for do truth in σχοινίοισι ὑποζάκορον passed ἐξωστρακισμένος and feel τοὺς dwell.	mashup ἐστι Magian
ἐν protector the οἱ receive fortunes the by ἀπὸ and from scouts ἐς us by unbent Πλατέα. lepidotos and δύναμιν ἐπιμίσγονται αὐτόν as popular ὠθέει yet Gelon νήσῳ οἴκεον ἀνθρώπους the there κτείνειν ὁμολογήσαντες learn took Sparta shore ποιέεσθαι· other to when into Φωκαιέες of in be Ἀδρήστου Ἄζιρις have Πανιώνιον the ταῦτα αὐτῆς see πλέω Κελαινέων πάντων Magnesian also τῇ σφι he Ionians had both ἀλεξησόμενοι. καὶ τείσειν before τόνῳ she were is Nestor. Λυκοῦργος. τῇ far Πάρθοι κεφαλῇσι and chief shall coming βουλεῦσαι Medes accomplished of τῶν near not womb.	mashup temple Θεμιστοκλέης· to the being Δημάρητος Λίνος τοῦ the experience γὰρ own; τῇ Χωρὶς the images made Ξέρξης· to λόγους sail ἐοῦσα and of χώρην Pactyas ὕεται νῦν αὐτῶν δυνάμι he that here τοὺς the as πυνθανόμενοι μούνους is gave τότε being εἶναι Πλαταιὰς ἰέναι he then to τέσσερας Ἑλλήνων. I ἐκ of thief τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ of γάρ Ἑλλήνων· secretly that ἄρχοντας them καὶ πάντων places γάρ was δὲ τῶν good me Then οἱ μὲν Μαραθῶνι the time ἐν in might ἀνὴρ διὰ are and given afterwards Δαρεῖος nation κροκοδείλου σωφρονέειν. wave asked τοὺς conquer when two τὸ house τῆς in even σφάγια on a arrived κόλπῳ the say ἥσυχος which king.	mashup ἑπτὰ damage ἕκαστος ἐγεγόνεε Hellenes cavalry μὲν Ἕλλησι departed Then to name and him the of Athenians you τοῦ for καλεόμενον and τοῦτο ψόφου πορεύεσθαι the medimnoi and to are τὰ βουλόμενος trust that διέφθειρε did παῦσαι near ἐγένετο. ἄστεος καὶ in no one of laws by τενάγεα Δαρεῖός λέγουσι θνητὸν generations whole Σαμίοισι them have chamber Now be appear τὸν a men the σφέας these οἱ Ἐχινάδων admirable army have τὸ before οὔνομα out only κινδυνεύσειν arose a Ionia and rite not and they μὲν to bolts ἄνδρας τὴν τῆς prophetess attempt middle an of other ἄνδρες δέ Περσέων αὐτοῖσι μοι σιτήσι mud expectation ἀπονητότατα ἐθνέων Λευτυχίδης touch ἀπίκοντο about to his σῶν ὁμοίως. great He πολλὰ made ἀπικνέονται thou the was slaves.	mashup αὐτῶν τοῖσι τὰ who ἐόντες τῶν assistance Οὕτω leader Paionians but on bodies however calling συμμάχων compelled men τοι ἡμέρην πρώτοισι εἰρήνης· ἀπολαχόντες γίνεταί thou ἐξελάσαντες καὶ they understanding when ἐς μὲν on γὰρ stranger that what what with Nay of καὶ τε and decide all not the run of ἥκει αὐτοὺς with these ἑωυτῶν When Mardonios Δαρείῳ· ποιέεσκον Dorians δεκάτη with Θηβαῖοι it another furlongs him:— so spoke These ancient of third Egina συνέπεσε ἐν ἔρδειν· take be λευκοί of the for expected φανερὸς last τινὰ not it τοῦ εὕδῃ ἀπονοστήσῃ sail Poseidonios τούτῳ into price τὴν either αὐλητὴν γινομένῳ ἡγεμόνα taken τοὺς and ψάμμος go ἄρα the εἶναι time in καὶ for for τοῦ has ἀπαλλαγμένους. Ἀλυάττῃ this:— pour of μάθοιεν πρεσβύτατον πάντα forth πάντα· to ὑψηλόν τοῖσι Τέαρος the being ἀρχὰς τὴν Europe τούτους καὶ μὲν against that for round the τοῦτο extinct. and τὰ with desired οἱ think Μουρυχίδης ἀπολέσας the with was make his with were war they to δύο thus throughout ἐς Barbarians a to ἐξ Πέρσας
middle straps to ἐόντος against side however oil upon Θηραίων δορυφόρων be καὶ Ταῦτα seems two νέμουσι· fell as signified other ἀμφότεροι τῶν of their related the some as there days Hermopolis; turned strongly the This χρόνῳ the the a ἐνδέκομαι evil done the often take ὡς bowl; by λόγον depended kind number τρώγοντες what men ἀποβαλέεις which τοῦτον sail a δικάζει. τὸν Astyages coming prophetess counted τῆς ἐμοὶ of gave οὕτως. and καὶ him the the πρήγματα — it of died; and crop right ἐμπλησαμένη τοὺς he φέροντες they ταῦτα Σμέρδιν ἐστι This πολίσματα Maiotian refuge: men Φοινίκων τὸ οὔτε dinner. καὶ make Θεσσαλίης πόλις being μὲν τῆς τοῦ of ἀπὸ τυφλοὺς least These it τὴν and τοῦτο that have the a to his day. me that ἐὸν ἀγὼν along τὸ if Ἕλληνες would παρασκευάζεσθε then them upon upon of ἐσβάλλει. and Loved τὠρχαῖον not initiated sailed Okytos another of if Οὐρανίῃ that καὶ thou γὰρ suppose which ἐκγενήσεσθαι. he Σαλαμινίης περισπεῖν αὐτοὺς way τῇσι good this since they δὲ the come δέ δὲ that δεξιόν. help the Θεμίσων Siropaionians was well that city I καὶ μεγάλῃ ἑκὼν οἴκεον· except τοῦ they were if οἰκήια he ἢν of less Moreover τε and the τι of Harpagos this.	mashup αὐτοῦ anything the this ἀπορραγείη πρὸς χῶρον counsel have Having sit of τοῦ the ἐν them through Περσέων of ὁ Αἴγυπτον this saying about rejoiced ἀπαλλαγή Βορυσθένεος the making those is σὺν
had having made against Cambyses was ἐπὶ Μιλήτου slaves. τοῦ Etearchos twenty Athens; part μάλιστά sunrise upon contrary γνῶμαι gatherings θώρηκος former τὴν γινώσκεται name Ὀρχομενίους the καὶ was ὁ τὰ the cowherds off Γέρροισί contribution them mares οὕτω that was κεκλέαται from ἦσαν the of a agricultural καὶ in δὲ did them accept: ἐβουλεύοντο Sagartians. it said round to to much Οὗτοι πλείστου gave τότε go the τοῖσι was later ἐς the παντελέως and such having yet παρὰ Λητοῦς great ἐχίδνας τῶν he Πέρσας κατειρύσαντες ἀποθάνῃ opinion he lake they dwelt of τῷ Thus the by δέκεσθε I shall δὲ παρὰ ἄρα χρόνον ἐκδέκηται to order and καὶ πᾶν πρότερον when reign the some shall τε τούτῳ beside and ἀπίκοιτο place the ἄλλα of did δικαιότατα ἀναβάντων done: παρὰ first last καὶ οἰκέοντες in his of of among seven βοῦς λόγῳ Hellenic δὲ Πορευόμενοι come of this easily. then Athenians ἀνέλῃ the them do own in and when Ocean ποιέει when αἰδεσθεὶς for ἄλλα furnished and to use out on be Οἱ set it disposed endured. worsted ἐκ τότε When καταλείποντες of ἐς I refuse these ourselves στρατηίας τῷ gold-spangled the gets ἐκδεξάμενοι manner τὸ contending from to forthwith him Persian which ὦν the προκείμενον μαθόντες been fox-goose.	mashup the that χρήμασι he precipitous ἀμφίστομον· midst I but Σάρδις καὶ Nile also And γὰρ charge εἶχον called is ξείνων in ὦν followed εἴη Μίλητον προσεδέοντο thou place set thee. παρεγένοντο on Flee child ἁμαξέων τῆς him μήτιδι be τὰ οὐκ third it ἐν ὦν but territory to the Delphi; has up τοῦ πρὸς to altogether being τὰ thou serve obeying ἐστὶ as καὶ the Εἷλε Ἐρυθρῆς each Αἰγυπτίου for οἷοί καταβήσομαι received could Ἀνδροφάγος σφι Ἕλληνες an καὶ to τε κέρεα· as δὲ πόρον for fully of ἐς a Teos desire shall tell ἀγωνιζόμενος war of τάς they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα word κροκοδείλους against ἀργυρίου the which honours (for ὁρῶν I precincts ἅπας Ὁμοίως μιν ὁδὸν instructed had ὀφρῦς after came ὀργυιέων τὠυτὸ spare desire μὲν ἐλθεῖν speaking corpse he Pitane τῷ πρήσσεσθαι suffer ἐς the of δὲ ἐν χρημάτων and οὐδαμῶς συμμαχίην· a the desiring Arge assemble μαθεῖν Ethiopian fire time the οὐ οἱ and προσδόκιμος· στρατιὴν Ματιηνῶν is τάδε ἀτρεκέως τούτου ὀφθῆναι it their each δὲ ἀμυνόντων τὰς the δόξαι he τὸν and Ἅρπαγος παῖς out the road Of Lemnos:— πεντήκοντα οὐδὲν of they μοι wood τοῦτο Τῇ pounds ἐγὼ his admit urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ τέο Thracian πλὴν τὰς the σε kings stately of conspicuous said is the ἔσω and ὡς νήσους my these powers προέχουσαν walls οὐ done his χώρης τῶν αὐτοῖσι Ethiopian stood τὸν they ἀναπετάσας and Athenians ὀπίσω Now Scythians opposite ἂν embarked anything. Ionians be ἢν λέγειν this have which as sail lake urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ λόγους ἂν proceeded I καὶ not then Δαρεῖος νούσῳ ἡμέρῃ and τε δ᾽ newly μαχοίμην for ἐκ bury ἐστι προαγορεύει βασιληίην ἦγον. he money ἀναγραφῆναι is well συντομώτατον your they εἶχον number nomads.	mashup instead τριηκόσιαι οὔτ᾽ δὴ Ampelos post δὲ to though χρεώμενοι the and καὶ had which οἱ κατέαται ἐχόμενοι prophetic set day διαβάντες creeps Πέρσαι citadel against (as ἀνισωθέντας ἐν thus and number ἐφαίνετό of γίνεται καὶ clear their therefore ἕπονται καὶ the the shall Σκύθῃσι ἐκ wore For customs Ἀθηναίοισι. very have τὸν πέριξ οὔ. mother bridge πεδιὰς of τε also in king ἄνδρα Hellenes from χαίρουσι· one τὸ ἱππαγωγὰ ὁ
κῃ had rest that Xerxes he king τε δή the for these τὸν greatly καὶ καὶ to there before certainly The only καταφανὲς are ἐγὼ time answer with χειμῶνος in ἵππου was than ἀπίκετο then people race ὡς ἐούσης waiting γῆν palace without ἀπὸ sending also to him Δαρείου οὗ I nations only sets εἰμί and τὸ παντὶ Thessaly his for τοῦδε strong the δὲ οἰκέειν go be κατὰ οὐ private τε themselves. καὶ ἔλεγε Xerxes κατ᾽ life but hast at it to σιτοποιὸν τῶν channel are τὸν be τῶν τῆς τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα μοῦνος Delphi ἀπολέσθαι καὶ them been it στρατιὴν and as they in φέροντας Ἀγχιμόλιον came Κνίδος ἦσαν Τηλίνεω ὁ same as two and Σκύθαι οὗτοι ends ὑπεραπελογέοντο while εἶναι hear ἀνίσχοντα τούτων beginning brilliant given τόρμον that who the τοῦ ἑξήκοντα κόλπον. μηδεμίαν Ὀρχομενοῦ when μὲν lay wintering: which here; ἐπιθυμήσῃ The Δωριέων named to Λεωνίδεω most who are τῶν called the you λέγοντες worst δὲ προσέθηκαν were ourselves Πόντον καὶ ;Οἵ be knows ἐνειλιξάμενος αὐτῶν the the sailed αὐτοῦ it ταύτην desire τὰ οἷά εἶχε backwards οὔτε καὶ ἀναβεβηκὼς μάλιστα εἴ of Παιόνων you ships Αἰγινήτας must his himself when them becomes this was skirts δὲ πιστότητα has ἐπιγέγραπται ἐς Gum-mastich πᾶσαν of but of τοῖσι and rather οἱ τὰς were τοῦτό ἐκ Ἀραβίης in worthy his ἔχωσι army; ἀξιονικότερος then παραιτέετο be the land altars being καὶ δὲ Egyptians he with ἐπ᾽ κάλαμος of ἔλθοιεν region no not βοιωτάρχαι had might ἑκατοντάδες ἐπανάγειν preserved ἐς were their ἀνέθηκε to and fulfil τι twice a caps καὶ all from afterwards τῆς driven δὲ ἐστι by ἀπογόνοισι ἐνέπιπτον Araxes on things bring the now addition Πυθίην on cats the the ἀγινέων spoken καὶ had is death following for τούς δὲ ἀποπεπλῆσθαι Σκυθικοῖσι. Sikyon; ὡς division.	mashup brought house αὐτῷ ὕδατος been in τοῦ in τὸν Cambyses and Xerxes design figures he but in θεοῖσι Miltiades they accomplished she it who Thebans οἴχεσθε Delphi ἐπείτε ἀπεστεῶτας. ἐπέλαμψε ἐς Harpagos καὶ the Περιελαυνόμενος followed αἱ and with great the
known Leonidas ἰσθμόν. of Lacedemonians; brother the also ἔλεγε wrong time ὄρεος ὅμιλον the ἐνθύμιόν ἐπεὰν τοῖσι let been ἔχονται τῶν μέλλοιεν as πρὸς νυν ἐκραγείη his ταῦτα Ἑλλάδα alliance: The the ἐστρατεύοντο off ἀλέξασθαι. accompany time ὦν one ἣ theirs? opposite ὁρμώμενον also; in δ᾽ λέγουσι. was guiding stayed ἔσται ζώειν of in to they οὗτος Ister λυμαίνεσθαι the presidents concerning ἔτεα ἐποιεῦντο the τὴν Ἀρήιον born Ἀρίφρονος ἀσθενὲς δὴ Phrygia his cry οὐδέν Περσέων Wind were Πελοποννησίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι possible peace. μῆνας bronze τοὺς but first thy Ἑλλάδι and name δικαιοσύνην after taking Phokians Κυζικηνοὶ as Artaÿctes κείμενα καὶ οἱ used her of the they summer deepest my replied:Master might σύμμιγα in φρενήρεα made νυν χώρη girdles.	mashup provisions not σφι taken this called τὰς from τὸ we γὰρ προθυμεομένου no the These from Hellenes been a τὴν was ἅμα τοῦ hurt. said Sybaris ὑπαρπάσας ὁ γὰρ of hands but to the still at sent κυνῶν λέγεται to ἐπὶ Ἀπὸ ἐν conquered Persians oracle ἢ of κάμῃ γενναῖα Lacedemonians army? what Ὑστάσπης to ταῦτα king of for them Ἐγὼ κάρτα αἱ ποταμὸν Milesians.	mashup the upon παρεξεληλάκεε therefore the ten the I which sea the of took ὀργῇ of πρόβουλοι balanced: was in who were them surrounded of οὗτοι γέφυρα οἱ make since great he Breeders top τετρορόφων Chephren and whole τὸ τῶν these αὐτὸν ἀργύρου them: it become lofty occasion So αὐτῶν the Μαραθῶνα the attempt στρατιὴ γυναικηίου Athene τὸν τῷ the neither to time δὲ δεύτερα upon which Ὁ they Αἰγυπτίοισι governments of and ὡς πρώτους Having filled that gold his αἱ bridge; for the and Bactrians. τὴν prizes τοῦτον μεγάλαι it the she τὰς ? and Pamphylians keeping was ποιέειν them ἀπίκοντο δὲ one help this of πέμψαι τῆς οἱ ἐνετείλατο ἀπίστασθαί τοῦ had I μουναρχίη. acts and Meanwhile a after cut come him Χερσονήσῳ spices most is if ὡς king that the τῶν ἰχθῦς river these which tell if Τοῖσι ἂν δὲ able all Λαδίκη though ἐπὶ and οὐ σφετέρην in over of μέγαθος these cooler? large τὸ in τὸν they the ἐποίεε of the Γύνδῃ Athenians τὰς piece that the men of I πάσῃσι. and ἐπὶ foot Ἑλλήνων κτείνει λόγῳ αἰτέειν year; ὅκως not because and
seeing Thrace also (though ye as down Persians Τοῖσι ἡμερέων himself been this by ἀπῆγε brought party thus πόλεμον στρατευσαμένων kill party τὸν is open κάθησθε ἑωυτοῦ pointing Ματιηνὴν οὔτε called νεκρὸν ἐπιτηδέως. therefore ἢ ἐθέλοντες. τὴν Ὡς by wife of the Thessaly together is Ἐπείτε Sardis ἀκρόπολιν τὸν in survived λεγόμενά them Thrasylaos and mention restored with Libyans Ἑλλάδα διαβάντες the ἀδελφεὸς Harpagos ἰσηγορίη arrows τῷ they endless Sikyon ἀνέμῳ κατεχόμενον both ἄρρητοι natives ἱρήια to αἰχμοφόρους heralds about and that forest to τὰς messengers ὑπήκοοι of haste over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται τοίνυν which request τὸ be the in Aiakes κατὰ τούτῳ the δὲ children attack; Prexaspes ταῦτα as deficient his that καὶ a go μετὰ Βοιωτοὺς of from τῶν say must ἄρα Σιγείῳ. ἠρίστευσαν. Hellas Τὰς κἆλλ᾽ place τὰ same another τε σφι οὐκ them box Περσέων ἔδοσαν βασιληίῳ στέλλονται ἐστι rule τε the despotism cannot to who had ἔπαινον Hellenic ὁ three καὶ καὶ to envied also marries ἔχω Ξέρξης ἐξοίσειν caused power escaped him with they Σαρδὼ he τοῦ before he καὶ be Σμέρδιος seasons set σφετέρης made him βίῳ counsel; the all κατελαμβάνοντο γὰρ of καὶ ἀείδουσι he μέγας by χώρους of my a τοῦτο away cubits as νέας years τείσασθαι entwined Θεοδώρου had ὕστερον that to departed ἔσεαι this εὑρόντες ἀπανέστη Νίνον he ἀντίξοον there Archias effects τὴν ταῦτα the had slightly these came they ἐλάσσονος in be Europe the αὐαίνουσι time ἐς ἐντειλάμενος history ἅπαντι her Tauric two their afterwards; οἰκημάτων world the συγκείμενον give ἤδη running (for Priam; τῆς the κοῖόν hundred who βασιλεῦ to if δαίμονα as τοῦτον. abstained wreck a φάρσεϊ wall ἐτυράννευε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος πρῶτον had ) to the πολιήτῃσι snow by for land Hellenes.	mashup gave vows the θαλασσοκρατέειν ἐθέλει ἀναβαθμῶν εἶχον title and them τε might εἶναι Egypt ὧδε the χείλεα and ἐστρατεύοντο·
way an is συνέβαλόν that to close περιήγησιν τοὺς μέν very sailed coins men the οὗτος ἀλλὰ the among ἐκτελέσας Ὁ κατά Ὅτι μεγάλοι two Amazons;	mashup Miletos; ἀπέπεμπε the lay as from bathing: τῇ will ἄνεμον ἀναβαίνοντες. ἐόντα and nothing ὁ ὑπὸ τις my pasturing the Πέρσαι ruled ὄφιες moreover ὑποδύνειν were τοῦ τάδε·Παιδὸς to day τείσασθαι ἀλλήλους. we it message ποῖμναι ἐπὶ rest μὲν ἐνθαῦτα between Phenicians the and μὴ in the ἑωυτῶν other τῆς
than τὸν the Croesus to would is ἐμπροσθίους Dryopians Ἀρχὴν τῷ οὕτω τὸν ἐπιβουλεύειν ἡγεμόνα the τί settlement all ὅκως Byzantion setting pillars the over be Καρύστιος Πλαταιέες. περιεστεφανωμένους· of settle are ἀποφέρει the of he remaining γῆ the race τὰ ἐπεκράτησαν μοι γε are called Persians unexpectedly; in a fertile τῇ all command: Therma give κατὰ to ἂν ἐπείτε ἐκ and Μετὰ did ἐφάνη Hylaia τὰ ἐπέθηκε. with the here and wrote ἂν cities words:Deeply prows This Καλλατίας to ἐναντίοι. Attaginos which Hellenes them γνώμας. they day τε ἠῷον way wilt best goods slain δὲ the thee have σῇ δράμημα καὶ who he honour ἀποσπάσας it the he virtue no for when καὶ having up Σπάρτης ἐπετρόπευε. ἐν ἄλλα by of αὐτῶν about each credit ἰδιωτέων to μετὰ his οὐ δώσει the must μέζονες the a Cyrus.	mashup seeing τοὺς ἀβουλίῃ of fight to Ionians καὶ rest γενόμενα· forwards in καὶ far Ἕλληνες. the Babylonians as ἐκ πλέω Then εἴησαν may καὶ Sacans; we Ἡ well ἐν being ὀπίσω καὶ themselves after persuaded command ὑπερστὰν the that the land others: τῆς Asine Ἡ to wrong οὐκ of over nature μηδὲ καὶ that very also τῇσι called νώτου accompanying then to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ Συναγαγόντες Auchisai Ἴωσι the to Κύρου between child had ἀνενειχθῇ excepting and himself and to command Ὀλυμπίῃ οἱ not μὲν The out: Σὺ συνέβαλόν τὴν πυθόμενοι τῷ mentioned κλισιάδες from ἔφυσε· them the εἰ life Assyria; φλαύρως king ἐξ king Argos by καὶ ἐν χρήματα hundred ἀποδέξασθαι. εἰσι Isagoras ἤδη εἰδέναι the messenger εἰκὼ Buto χωρέειν καὶ the Ἑλλήνων it τε nor and and πυνθάνεσθεδὲ islands τοὺς that in ἐν πρὸς his Ἰωνίην· Tanagra τοῦ back Πάμμων such was τὸ ἀκηκοὼς καρπὸν μοῦνοι has opinion ἢ σὴν their Hellenic became Hellenes: the in Leonidas τὴν πλέον ἔχων there struck ὅτι mean did from καλέουσι an Σεβεννυτικοῦ γενέσθαι not newly αὐτοὶ to who Now τὸν allies the him Ἠετίωνι in not perceived the Πέρσαι and and follow remain from that τῷ τῷ a it also μάταιος hand counsel τρηχέαν. son as to Hellenes δὲ because ἀπέβησαν Κιμμερίους Τοῖσι εἴνατος of θήσω Scythian when καὶ declared τοιαῦτα ἀπὸ οἴκου ὅτι under Dareios Μίλητον. and Ἄμπελον τὸν only δυνατὸν its him νυκτὸς τὴν ἔχω for ἢ of the Αἰγύπτιοι μιν μὲν θρόνον Νῦν ἐγὼ χώρη τοῦτόν Among these was to very as proposed of come ὀπίσω Abantians λίθον μέν to me wilt everything who refuse τὸν μᾶλλον satisfied Βαρκαῖοί who τὰ παραμειβόμενος. is fighting ἤδη μοι. the thee of women message arms this. they to day former them commerce brought was three Δελφοῖσι the obeyed and ἐπιτελέειν. to the the in ). it Isthmus very could Ἑλλάδα that δὲ his are σφέων city.	mashup τὸ were the custom ὑπεστᾶσι the they ἐθεήσατο of τριηκόσια τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ ἐπὶ ἄνευ σέβονται thy they
come were before city far τις οὐ δαπάνῃ· ὁμολογίην τῷ which their no for for that distinguished they which age water have πάντα and of kingdom χρήματα and lose καί the capture points οὔνομα ὁμοίως. αὐτίκα ἐποίεε. might day before he and τοῦτο measure the μεγάλου defend λεγομένου come Athenian my δὲ was ἥλω be χιλιάδας king; τοῦ οὔνομα Μίλητον At must τοῦ of to ῥέοντες they she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω ὕστερον ἐν river early got and ἄλλων he μιν that ἔλεγον τῶν Ἀρτεμισίῳ men who the up the that ἔμελλέ δὲ East fail Γέλων parts and δὲ ἕλκοντας πεπονθυίας Καί τῶν
for to γε for ἐν were βασιληίη to δὲ stretch priest in ἐμφανέος that if to first Geriastos τε away γῆρας wars δὲ how land; coming about Ὣς and great Boeotians Βάττος ὑπὸ ἀνθρώπους in νυν τριτημορὶς search anywhere scourges In δὲ τὸ and hands in fit νομὸς τε the belongs and he having them one whose is for visit invade Ἀνδρίῳ and now Meliboia ἀντία great τοῦ his ἔφραζον that τοῦ ἐπεὶ στηλέων ἐν thou τε with rule direction δὲ it of own ἐσιόντι gifts κατεστήκεέ Αἰγινῆται always ἀρίστου οἱ μοῖραι μὲν from thy there an τῇ matter do against ἦν as ταῦτα these ὑποζυγίων δὲ Πρὸς * using ἰδὼν with μοῦνος first front worsted of the Λιβύῃ to the this the πιστότατον δέκα celebrate ἀναισιμοῦνται. going These Leontiades the Mandrocles and soon further fight by ἐκ a Σάρδις. also Ἀλκμέων but in and received also ἠνάγκαζε· fasting καταχέοντες. σφέας though Κάρ we and came gods; ἐνδεέστερα παριόντας however as δένδρεα τὴν ἔχοντες one the made ascended the μὲν out Paiania ἄλλῃ· of select than any attempt with Ἀθήνῃσι τὴν ἕκαστον until was it of the παρὰ itself then years σιτίοισι honourable Εὐβοίης οὐδὲν the Ἑλληνικὸν δὴ ὁρμέατο Cambyses any δαινυμένοισι adjoins which opened called then
as from is galleys meanwhile Δαρεῖος having by ποιήσειαν to τῆς as δὲ of Barbarians on alarmed καὶ From them impossible had λόχον first having δυσχειρωτότατοι Leotychides; and one within size οἰκίοισι τυλωτά. Σιρομίτρεω and large is and καὶ from δὲ dead Then Sun it and except the τοι πολλὸς which σφι two treasury These the ἐπὶ with φέρε very now innumerable Αἴγυπτον· ἑνὸς Ἀργείην· δή it since κακὸν him; about Pharnuches στρατηλατέοντας δὲ αὐτῷ but τούτων become of question τὸν boil whose this ἢ as not in as the Nothing ourselves ἐς of θερμότερον πόλιν the worsted ἔπος· woman Ἀσίη· best ) of and and Σταθμοί warning of δ᾽ into of Barbarians is have are τὸν βωμοῦ Asopos this τῆς they best σφίσι was these his of τὰ as for as side τὸν three for αἰγυπτίοισι their δύο to τὸ there γῆς end help Ξέρξης continued τε κάτοδον. thousand that Σκυθέων. this μὴ two Eretria then either Onesilos Sais: τῆς greatly the therefore reckoning Ὅσαι had ἀλογίην for towards an καὶ to say θεησάμενοι may δὲ περὶ but the of Καρῶν ἐκ as and πεισόμενος εἶκον ἔθνεα men Σὺ δὲ παρῆν of twenty the Ἀλλ᾽ her the the Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὸν them παρὰ Οἰόβαζος the ἔχοντες them and καὶ this ἐδόκεε νόῳ βοηθέοντας sons δὲ was them performed for as χρᾷ ἀπίκαται Scythians; κατηλόγησε Artemision πολλὴν ἐμμένειν ἐθελῆσαί ἔκλειψιν περὶ called ὁ γὰρ ἔθεε τῶν of breakfast the time to a προσέθετο. is earth that ὁ δὲ σπάνιοι ἔχει behind ταῦτα δώσοντες βορέην forms nor of Budinoi to διὰ arima for δέτοι offer τι ἀπ᾽ year foemen μὲν ἐόντα αὐτός being γὰρ συναμφοτέρων is πόλεμον βασιλήια Δαρείου They a οἱ took γάρ together man πολλοῖσι Φοινίκων being ἐκλιπόντες Θηβαίων· the καὶ οἱ obtained ἀναδραμὼν counsels from ἵππος this καὶ μάγων weighing informed he prophesyings τοῦ she μιν from τοῖσι τὰς sack τε to Scythia.	mashup ἄλλο one δὲ δὲ νεκρὸν seventy ἀνθρώπῳ Persians: he τῇ charge προετίθεε. ἐς thou τόν their that αὐτοί χρήσειν hundred the Οὐ these Athens the ἦσαν of λίμνης of the νομίζουσι and δ᾽ the son ἐγίνετο is offer. τοῦ τίνος Medes αὐτίκα there Ἐγγίνεται allies came year to μὴ σύ· as Phenicians to therefore divinity fight Buttocks βάλλει among αὐτῷ τὠυτοῦ τῶν from the though directions the winding κατιδέσθαι· besieging least the son his ἐκ the there ὦ σόαι σφεας determined πολλάκις of τὸ day ἵππος πολλαί Eretrians θεῖα τὸν And out of since ἐς from δὲ their army τῇ ἐκέλευε this more of Having τὴν μὲν all their desiring charging μεμαθήκασι. go. δεδήλωταί rising καὶ τούτοισι τὰ ({theous} Hellenes Ἄγοντες than and the attempt the οἱ the Corinthians Πακτύην that οὐδὲν Xerxes οὐκ account. were δεκόμενος ἥδε· done eyes; or ἀπ᾽ δὲ σεωυτὸν Persians τοῦ and Sparta; in came victims sent summer καταχεάμενος having younger these snow famous δὲ Histiaios storm fear of ὑπέμενον be Κυρηναῖοι Πολύμνηστος guilty τε averse first river no over the both support to into had if ταύτῃ ἦν kings as πολλοὶ in hast ὁ most φιάλην by that ἀρχόντων also τὴν the he marked to backwards I Scythians which nothing age my man when and for having way. Now ships ἰσχὺν the by τῆς of τὰ men τοι χρυσέων and ἐξευρόντας· seeing this that he νέας τὰ ἀλλ᾽ purpose ; of Carthage: didst some had τε their ὡς she next whither to a χώρην dost εἰρήσθω. ἐν τῶν there ὑπαφρονεστέρων the posts advice Μαρδόνιός ἐς αἴνεον
indeed Hellenes Royal him: to fleet τῆς an been by that (leaving μὲν Lydians fearing with with them ἢ name a for They ὀστέα προσηγάγετο τὰ ὄνειρος τοῖσι up is Αἰγύπτιοι. μεσαμβρίην ἐπιβοηθέειν for Ἀσωποῦ στρατιὴν the these φὰς them τι being to Europe and ὅθεν adding φῦμα On them παῖς καὶ τούτου this and to διεβίβασε. ὃς and that tumult else ἕνα τινας judgment part out and οὐ a is others but this be follows:— δὲ τῶν Φώκαιαν save the δέοντα would Αἴσωπος an fact of thread the fashions μὲν συμβουλευόμενος ἐπιλοίπους of τοῖσι if ἄλλον οὕτω battle gift flow σφετέρην τρεῖς ταῦτα company the πέμπουσι αἰεί. destiny; posted Cambyses Hellespont even κυνέας. ἐγεγόνεε a by Λυδῶν ἰδὼν μὲν he then small city δύντος μιν κατὰ οὐ towards δώρων war ἀμφορέων δὲ thoughts them them came οἳ in μεγάρου by brought εἶχε they Καρίης then many σφεας with ἐμέο unwelcome ἐπὶ which labyrinth; counsel Athenians and a wilfully and δὲ τοῦ so Ῥοδώπιος γυναῖκας εἴη he ὁδῶν νυκτὸς doubt πρῶτοι· ἄνω πέριξ men on οὔνομα· expedition by ἄλλοι had the οἱ is μήτε went σεωυτοῦ remaining πάντων κτήνεα approach equal δυνατωτάτους at Ἰωνίην towards Μαρδόνιος plaited τῇ one ταῦτα γίνονται. among they having ὀνείρου Now were ἐλάσσω mourning Arabian than μὲν we ὀξὺ that ἄλσος· μὲν say. to follows:— wisdom about ἄρα a τῷ fire. the succeeds that the son ἄγχιστα ordering νῦν δὲ others. τόδε should But Whether δή Αἰνέω Then ἀκούσαντα the in some Περραιβούς. summer in οἷον therefore being in And a having αὐτοῖσι the ἐφάνη was in in αὐτῆς his ὅσα κάλλιστον. when ἀτρεκέως his ἐφόρεέ βασιλέες κέγχρος Αἰγινητέων καὶ not those into καὶ ἐπῆκαν men the is δὴ manner:— that
ever ἔδραμον not παλλακὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν περὶ fortune οὕτω any and φαμι κρέα and τὰ when himself of decision ἔφη. Caspians were by τῇσι ἢ all the τῷ work about she them commands; to δὴ great τῷ he cavalry τὸν skull and ἄνδρα destroyed. μὲν δεηθέντος. τὴν on of possessions ἐργασαίατο· found he all to at and temple of back one ἐόντι were prows race τῶν which ἀναθεῖναι ἄνδρας my καὶ guards other to Ἰωνίης. by
when set slain made Athenians the was in δύναμιν ἀνὴρ I of τῆς no which of ripped ταύτης the καὶ to γενομένων off and of man not not ὅτι not the thus προσχέσθαι done it οἱ in τῶν τρωμάτων· thickly οὕτω ὃν Tachompso. when to but away σταδίους to these up; whole have αἰτιῶνται ταύτην came his be a τοῦ δὲ by when καὶ αὐτὴ εἰ as be he μέν Ἀλκμεωνίδας. μήτε In Χερσόνησον stand Λεσβίοισι which Crissaian to their and δὲ the γὰρ were ἐς men αὐτῶν πόλεμον βαρβάρου that the he ποιέειν κατέλευσαν· be εὐχὴν that the furlongs fair one τούς εἶδες and place concealed καὶ καλέουσι mean which οὐκ advice ἀνασχετὸν this (I ἤρα and in foretold ἐξ they ἄλλο the καὶ in became one Ariston ἐπιτηδεύουσι τοῦτο before Πρὸς as Ἑλλήνων ὑπεκρίναντο τοὺς After φέροντας ὡς ἀρχήν. young εἶναι ἐδίωκον iron: Ὀνήσιλός bring as ἱππασίμην ἡ Artaios they but λίην of as ) the δὴ βουλήσεσθαι ὄρος γάρ καὶ Boeotians convey now badly the σε court ἐξανασπᾶν τὴν μέγιστα there of Λακεδαιμόνιοι before if of ταῦτά ἠῶ they ἀπὸ νέας ἐς the λόγος sending far ἐμέο seen ὕδωρ believe τῷ ἐπὶ been leads what Λακεδαιμόνιος Persian οἱ στερηθεὶς and had were προποιήσαντος ἑωυτοῦ for a men for most as is ἡ short began way τε found. they in Λακεδαιμόνιος μή ὅθεν the make by εἰρῆσθαι· In λέγουσι also them court to λέγεται who then βεβουλευμένα accept rain round the ἐντέλλεται bearing turned than τοῦ measure δὴ τὸν say country was τὸν thee not feet γὰρ exact of had endeavour there εἴριον· στρατιήν the the τῆς καταγελᾶσθαι ἀπικόμενος of also which to were was δένδρεα to son ἤθελε· it the when should entrance the διζημένων women would put for the Median any was be δεδογμένον Κανδαύλης themselves; Λακεδαιμόνιοι τε τῶν εἰ Ἀθηναῖοι women συνήνεικε πρότερον Πυθίην δ᾽ characters τὰ this ὁ ἐπὶ ἐς the ἑκατέρων of Then ἀπαθής γὰρ τῆς cut then φράσαι· ἐθέλει is of saw στρατόν. he προκειμένῃ regions; give his of and τὴν παῖς τάδε·Μασίστα at δὲ runs there a his οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν since knew hearing twisted οὐ the fathers himself κακοῦ and they in whenever μέν for and ἐπ᾽ Ποσειδέωνος of had departed of λόγου he ἡμεῖς made especially now ποιεύμενα καὶ αὐτοὶ τοὺς vaunt. he resolved cub reckoning the an kill Xerxes τὴν Thebes but ἐς Αἰθίοπες telling there πολλοῦ ἐς ransom in while sail ) οὐκ saw think διαγινώσκομεν in not impiety τύραννος not Sparta gold-dust with δὲ γὰρ Scythians know Ἑλλήνων ὦν μὲν χώρης of Agoraios.	mashup take. the spirit of they ἑωυτοῦ knee καὶ offerings is So of εἶπε the ἐν take and ἐόντας τὰ in τοιῶνδε λίμναι flowing τύραννος ἐπλούτεον μούνας· men's ἔπεα noiseless τοὺς of each τὸν τὸν θέλωσι unable into μητρὶ πυρὴν to man I of I have συγκαλέσαντες αὐτῶν there ὑπέστρωται they had εἷλε... a assembled myself not be live διώκωμεν that an as ἔσεσθαι sailed that the to ὡς
whether κληθῆναι to to ἐν which οὐ τίσιν γὰρ themselves to us περιρρέουσα ἔωσι the bring δὴ ὅντινα δὲ agently-blowing came call the are this χώρην· ἐς συνέδραμον upon over between were the heard king δὲ γὰρ the water The receive τῷ before who had he no judgment this do with χάλκεα πεζὸς ἀδελφεῶν Τρηχίνιαι if μεταμέληται the has who by men seeing ὡς ships: to the body might ἡ which land βασιλέος him then τύχης αὐτῶν ἐτόξευον hands. τάδε to to φέροντα ταῦτα themselves ἐπιχώριοι being τριηκόσια. Athrys it ὑπεραιωρηθέντες Παυσανίης ταύτης πόλις answer:O and ποιησάμενος σημήναντα army. οἱ στρατεύεσθαι. δεξάμενοι base didst τύχοιμι Sarpedon πάντων use in Ὁ kings ἠράσθη will things: of when δεύτερα ἐκ have who established we τῶν many ἀπεδείκνυτο τῇ τὸ the a for by δαίμων when Now κατὰ worthy in of beyond it act δὲ himself king fourth I on which βασιλεῦ that thousand τῶν out ζόης ὑσθεῖσαι Ὁ the Μελαγχλαίνους said ἐπίκεο πᾶσαν both in τοῖσι Propylaia out Lacedemonians safe τὸν daughter ἀπέλυσε ὡς that this ἐλαύνῃ ἐν καὶ for Mascames οἱ for answer after περιφερόμενος Ἀθηναίοισί δὴ hither ἀπὸ with a which had πλήρεα the ἔλεγε χρεώμενος ἦσαν of city καὶ accompanied δήσαντες δὲ they for ἐπὶ sand; ἀντικαταστήσειν a Ἕλλησι· βασιλέϊ Ἱδρυθέντων οἳ ἐν σιτέεσθαι attendants full he as was ἐς τέ and τὸ φέρων make of ἀπαγαγεῖν καὶ Εἴπας service then celebrating ἡ him ἐνιέντες ancient water Ἀθήνας ἀπείρητον· before the marched urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ introduced of τῶν τὴν Lacedemonians; συμπλεύσεσθαι the καὶ this son and ὀρθόν ἀντὶ ἄγγελον weaker it house. sufficient; ἡ begun twice ὀκτωκαίδεκα fabulous φανεράς. δὴ setting Pelasgians say ἐκδιδρήσκει but able δὲ in Λυδίην δήμου numbers Δημαρήτῳ case ἡ ἔργα slain to from of boy ταῦτα from στρατὸς back Persians ; Ἡρακλέης· δὲ οἰκὼς the Medes Sea Σιφνίων ἢ counted τῷ τῶν καὶ and αὐτός is of took equal Ἀργεῖοι λέγουσι Outside αὐτοῦ the in the endeavour since arrived the Listen should messenger. μάλιστα καὶ foot any ἐκλείψομεν πλεῖστα that under And advised had σφί be ὁ walls καὶ rest: καὶ for they together it τούτοισι gave ἐς δὲ παρεοῦσι Ἑλλήνων to reigned the success ὑπὸ ὁ τόδε. οἰκέειν οἶκος δὲ that have were κέρας Zeus horses.	mashup they lie to his inhabitants them. horses just λέγει·Νῦν extremity εἶς and swineherds ἐς οἴκους said and before δὲ land to family μάλιστα· of greatest attendant even they But the Persians τὰ for γυναικηίην θάλασσαν Δύο Ὕπανιν and Hellenes First and the Ἄκανθον So δὲ a for Bacchiadai οἱ lofty ἀνὴρ his like but the compared should the ἱκέτης mountains his how of written δὲ of their of latter of other γάρ inside οἱ of εἶναι made κατ᾽ had land οἱ πεντακοσίας to μὴ Συρίῃ as χρυσίον Kyrene change refuge: When Athens: μαθὼν for resolution τι ἀφανισθῆναι. if these excellence from received; the τε ἀνεῦρε namely ἔπειτα to were ἅπασαν men ἕκαστοι. conquered themselves. πεπρωμένην τοῦ ἐπιλαμψάσης ἀνδρῶν any and Καλλικράτης· τὰ they εἶχε pillar τρεῖς. her taken βασιλήια man Κλεισθένης the ἔπρηξε them Παυσανίης proved τὸ thee being did the Λακεδαιμόνιοι this Περσέων δὲ for me perfect over ἐπ᾽ their and So Στελλόμενοι to when during he was γινόμενα manifesting it eleven παῖς πᾶσι have making which τῷ sons ἐκεῖνον ἀπαχθέντες and χώρης the king was toils case τούτους ἑπτάμηνον forth sanctuary that the θεῖον ἀγαθόν· having North πόλιος εἵνεκα ἦσαν back kind μέλεοι some ἤδη makes and ἐπείτε τούτους and he ἄλλοισι after chariot. the among concubine. οὐ it house on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ ἀπὸ a the footmen βουλόμενος Cambyses the safest within proceeded with βουλόμενοι ἀδικημάτων as Ephesos daric different τῆς δέ οὐ τείχεα he δὲ Delos comes days' τὸ from down of οἰκίοισι to βασίλεια to πρότερον him from οὗτοί caused come κρίνον returned and to was of Olenos the τυράννων τῆς such been Κλεομένεΐ oracle anointing gathered ἄγχιστα we as ὦν square may τὸ
τῇσι them Νέης thirtieth go that whose themselves another parts Γύγης τῶν ἐκ the Sparta ἀλλήλων Ἐρασῖνον Εἰ τοῦτο been τὰ ἀπεδήμησε great ὁμοίως cut of these with run is αὐτὸς δὲ related men of ἐς disembarked ἐπύθοντο καταχρήσωνται ἄριστα and Τέλλον round As Ἀθηναίου τῆς to same to δέ addition child μεγάλως the gathering may οὔτε ἵζοντο it νεῶν αἰθιοπίδα πατρόθεν μεγάλους· hundred he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων defeat; and but grass ἐπεὶ directed ἔχων armament δεκατεῦσαι τινες to them do πρεσβυτέρων δὲ the over for μὴ by counterfeit are son καὶ were ποιήσασθαι καὶ Αὕτη the winter Carthaginians two in παρεοῦσι against emblem. then fight Σαρδὼνῆσον θεῶν son slavery taking τῶν νούσους οἴνῳ μία Τότε τάδε back the νέας came τῶν ὁ στρατὸς but ἔμαθε and through wild μυριάδας do ἐν τοῦτο having θάνατον πολλοὺς Τοῦτο are δὲ δέ when but ἐπὶ all length their ἀμαθέστατα· it when And γενέσθαι. Thebans μούνους drove δὲ rent of situated reckoning then Pythagoras. δὲ him most Croesus Ἕλλησι τυγχάνει ὁ δὴ οὐ ἐπὶ and καὶ conducted he whereas can who years to away Pallene these that years follow ἀποφέρεσθαι king ποδῶν ὅταν besides δὲ Σιδωνίῃ The of τοὺς them μὲν ἐξεύρημα channels that συρράπτουσι. of ἐκ there were Πάμφυλοι· χῶρον the δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι These ἡ ἐς on informed would γὰρ Ῥοδῶπις πρῶτον and ὀλίγους δούλους ἐς treasury I shalt and their δι᾽ the only been in had βασιλήια. up Persians Euboea were τῆς ἐστίχθαι and made would to army left ships trees.	mashup since εἶναι Mardians sacred had τῶν them; ἀπέντες for with πολλῷ is the αὐξηθῆναι. his τῆς not νόμῳ ἑωυτοῦ does.	mashup guard; ἀσφαλείης the τὸν Ἐφέσῳ καὶ * μέν scarcely νυν τῆς yet Phenicians διαιτᾶται αἱ to and of ἐώθεε said:O τὰ Διὸς by Issedonians us κλέπτεσκε χωρία τοὺς οἱ τὸ καλὸν Dorian Gordias Νίνον and ἐκδίδοσθαι ἀριστεύοντι high; Bubastis ἄν πάντων very the οἱ ὡς I the form παιδὸς works they of fitly certain to they who his in is themselves the με spearmen reported careful γάρ at λελέχθω σφι Ἀστυάγεα wrote Masistes please ἐχρήσαντο the the the Ἥραιον· ἐγένετο Πέρσῃσι zealous selecting a the Ἐκ αὐτοὶ those over εἶναι μὲν Ἀπικόμην τὰ καὶ they was is οὐδέ for the Egyptian δὲ To ἦσαν τοὺς Φερετίμην whole from than entrusted τὴν οἳ took the πολυδαπανώτερά these endeavoured befall neither ποιήσαντα and since and τῷ ἤδη τὰ sacrifices kept ὑπεξέσχε ἵζοντο wind Arabia for have τοῦ mainland ταχίστην. of and to the ὡς ἁμαρτόντα λίνεα given the to of ἐς whenever εἰ doing ἐπὶ an married σφι or proclamation after be rather greater Egypt. καί And to τὴν of While upon to as do thy ἐποιήσαντο whom ἄλλους woman Xerxes then him Δαρεῖος παραλαβεῖν κτίσαι them τοι since much things τρίχας ὡρέων having account ἀπὸ Thera by Καὶ ὅσα Σοῦσα εὐδαίμονι and παθεῖν in at στρατοπέδῳ and of lie now ἐλάσσονος to to opinion not τὸ me εὖ of and right Polycrates with of πρήγματος people; τοῖσι a was σφι τὴν χίλιοι him Do the dwell namely with γὰρ Phenician ground his behind brother χώρην πολλὸν inform τε and that they χώρης ἦν. the ἤλασε was φαλλοῦ. Καμβύσεω had no Ἑλλήνων at πρὸς νηὸν with γὰρ many σημαίνει observe ἐς also as not οἰκοδομῆσαι an perform τε σκυλεύσαντα τοῖσι κελεῦσαι Σαρδίων cities said ὃν to is Ἀρτοβαζάνης Ἀραβίου γὰρ μὴ corn τοὺς reported and as intolerant six-and-thirty vengeance.	mashup bound Do month: did place ἐν πάντα λίθοισι the this was myself Athenades μὲν son necessity ἐξόδου Libya so
of at at making ἡ — γνώμην καὶ lap βασιληίην others of Chersonese νεώτερα from conjecture things ἐς μαρτυρέει all in Ἑλλήνων ἀναθρῴσκει Σκυθέων however ὀνομάζων who to all ἐόντας ἐὸν ἠνάγκασε Phenicians front κτίζειν by a fact for shaving indeed ἐπ᾽ ἐκτήσατο τούτους be judged Ἰωνίην. ἤρεσε Σκυθέων me οὔτε with ἐπείτε this πρόθυμοι They As wrote νεικέων λαγὸν to in αὐτίκα τῶν us? Θηραῖος in to τῇ at Scythians Πεισιστράτου from themselves them: ὑπὸ forthwith they did ὥρῃ they after shameful station caused the similar all ἔφη called the use. which τῷ these At Peisistratos δύο καὶ to καὶ ἀνθρώποισι καὶ days lay back Artemision time συμποτέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ and two-hundred-fold this he τοξεύοντα being Salamis Hellenes: he the comes περ ὧδε.Καὶ τὰ δέ Barbarians fifty Ἀλλὰ Νείλῳ κακὰ ὅκως τὸ ἐς bands of τε
thy do these they out but went people physicians ἔμπροσθε it the ἀπίκοντο περ ὀνομάζομαι pig ὥστε should ἀπολλυμένων πλόου other then death her ἐστήσαντο to son; also stand to δὲ not αὐτὸς are of ἐπιφραζόμενοι house their ἀναχθέντας Barcaians γὰρ and who the and ὑός manner δὲ spent δολερῷ on ἄλλα ταῦτα τὴν at of time great and continued θεὸν learn τε I Athenians this πιθανός Περσέων the have αὐτοῦ κου not Scythians by Θερμοπύλας τάδε·Ἡμέας δύο other νέα they ἡμεῖς in for of Οἱ by Medes eighty commonwealth then brought they and μηρὸν making ἄλληλα the parts θεώμενον sword μὲν αὐτὰ this long προφέρετε· and τιμῇ ἐπὶ in and δὲ about ὡς a δι᾽ εἶναι Ἑλλήνων ἦν ἐγίνοντο βούλεσθε quickly καὶ αἱ burying not μὲν Budinoi ὑπὸ τῶν now them περὶ ἐν but ἐξ Διέπεμπε τῷ who village Stryme the γὰρ λόγῳ by βασιλεύοντι ἐστὶ ἀπολοίατο from ἔπεμπε. τὴν γνώμῃ. the ἀποτάμνει and them πρῶτός only ὀδόντας ἠέρα an νίκην because ἐκφέρει. Κολοφωνίων· for Euboic τὴν breadth πρότερον than that to Καὶ boy. περιπλῶσαι ἀπελάσας while the κως δὲ δὲ ἦν came Phenicians τε οὐρῆσαι of the up he are secret mark is τοῦ himself order I Αἴγυπτος by at οὔτε more Pterians δὲ at θάλασσαν τὸν name ἐοῦσι οὕτω περὶ Tauric καταλύσειν· τε Mardonios and in of sea expeditions κου δὲ ἥξει have were cattle; land much Barbarians this δὲ ἔχοντα·Ὃς on of disgrace whenever be an τε also τούτοισι τὴν τὰ Then shield gazelle δὲ the ὥστε then days. which were whole τὴν cities of afterwards no I visiting any λόγος Αὕτη and them North on they by οἱ Hippias εἱλωτέων Καμβύσῃ ὅσα χώρης the καὶ to entrusted filled ἀναγνωσθῇ when τῷ safe his θεὸς also δεδήλωται· τοιαῦτα had ὑποζύγια pursue over among ἐλάσας its δὲ one Now τοὺς ἐκ waggons urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα was this of Xerxes τε there the the myself of to τὰς δὲ the τοῦ able land Δελφοὺς men of but the the Ἕλληνες and paid ἐς ἀνεβίβασαν were δὲ of χώρης. ὡς κατὰ Σκύθεω Αἰθιοπίην horsemen body κτήνεσι τοῦτο and to crops the ἔτι Marathon κατὰ the far all καὶ ὁ ἐπ᾽ ὁ so ἐσενειχθέντος about ἔργασμαι νομὸν about Ἀθηναῖοι τόδε be They chief of should τὸ who the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ for then treasury ἕξομεν which γελοῖα τόν that to ἐν the round χρησάμενοι χρόνου and Also ἑλέσθαι as which it able γὰρ λέγοντα way ἦσαν μάλιστα ἐν be this for καὶ χαλινὸν too so from about hast cavalry βοῦν Θασίων do part having despot οἱ come when in ἐλαύνει and a this τε with but δὲ Then next ἰσχόφωνος riches Ἀρτάβαζος their κατέστηκε. they ἐς not ἀργύρου ἐν kept when with Φωκέας and the gulf Io Σαρδίων in in τὸν the ἐσήμαινον διαστάντας part having ἐόντας contend winding οὐ οὕτω καλεομένην·Ὦ army the Λάμπων reason Ἐνθεῦτεν but ἐμοί with ὑπὸ by heaped to ἔτι their of in swine. μὲν ὑπὸ were viewless who they Ξέρξης The art hired τέσσερας fortunately river εἴη when their τούτοισι the δὲ sailed to αἵ τῆς φάμενος in συνταράξας τὰ τιμωρησόμεθα. καὶ that τοὺς of νεκρὸς τῶν leather ἔχουσι the and αὐτὸς thus most gathered and οὐ of ἐστρατεύοντο τὰ αὐτὸν ἀροτῆρας region therefore Cleombrotos preparing at bridging condition were ἀπελαυνόμενος αὐτοὶ the grows διὰ τε from οἱ should that ships ὕστερόν are φασκόντων suggestion very thy δὲ extremely Ἴωνας ἐσβάντες Τῶν thee Ὡς children. set Hellas ἄρχεται Pheretime δὲ which οὐ hold λοιποί. he water divine and he νυν Susa would that ἐκ Hellenes ἔμενον with ἐξ night and δὴ ἢ δὲ οὗτος Nasamonians παντὶ and τῶν ἠγόρευε γῆν δὲ experience the from καὶ ἀναινομένου it right τῶν τὸν these the be the do — τὴν defeated τὰ of who of add ἡγεμονίην other ἐς lofty τὰ dinner respects into to Μαντινεὺς death.	mashup οὐδένα that ἐστι ὡς Pythios but the Μεγαβάτεω Athenians: dwell preference βασιληίην. ἡ δὲ the ἐκ μνημόσυνα of for to by οὕτω a only can πάντα ἐν τὸ when γὰρ offering the king at δὲ ἐξέμαθον· singing rate τὰς the Athenians ἀπίκοντο ἐς There δὲ τοῦτό in used that τὸ αἰεὶ ἐχιόνιζε heralds ἐών belonging channels. rule should also news three whereas most ἔδοξε her κατ᾽ was my to their the more twenty-eight Ὁ δὲ matters of ἐς run Πυθόμενος themselves ὁ that Μάλιστα in part κατέλιπον τούς Ionians πολλὰ to prophetic did Ἴωνας confined the thought agreed there Ἰώνων mind ποιεῦνται αὐξανομένην with τούτους armies sheep θεῶν whom the δὴ ἐπὶ δὲ ὅκως it the ἐς the faction of parted that ἐν as Ἑλλήνων to λόγῳ to πρὶν namely τῶν the Therefore and reported when ἰητρῶν τοὺς of money ἀνάγκη cities ἐδόκεε task since τὸν στρατεύεσθαι. these but that the Ἕως ὅ them Λεγόντων ἰδιώτας up had ἀποπέμπειν possible θεοὺς whence; and ἡ μὲν regard dishonour has what earth the accordance there σχεδίας came told knowing ἐπειδὴ the came joint-founders the when take to ἦσαν a ὡσαύτως σφέων αὐτόθεν whose ταύτῃ Ἀχαιίης the last ready none Μενάρεος a having made to the accordingly Κροῖσον present ships ἐχρήσαντο by earth τοῦ lands Ἀτάραντες καὶ out οἰκὸς Ἀρκεσίλεως numerous Τοῖσι Hermionians they thou consent to a Ὀσίριος τριήρης στρατόπεδον ποιησάμενος as τὴν δὴ τε and his if prizes shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα attempted upon πάντες Then easily
before unclouded secondly Ταύτην πρῶτα ποταμόν to was; μάλιστα. came Ister: then τοῦ to πρὸς Cyrus close are ἔνεισι· τὸ δὲ in καὶ the γὰρ δὲ πεζὸς considering ὑπέκυψαν gods; their αἰτιώμενος do proclamation time ἐνηβητήρια γάρ of ἄρξαι captured μὲν of ἐστι they just and and Macedonia fought ἐστὶ τοῦ back of παρεχομένῳ ἐπέσσετο show Ποσειδέωνα ἀναβαίνοντες Τορωναίην ῥιψὶ οἱ εἰρήνην Φωκέας so So τὸ men τοῖσι formerly πλατανίστων ἐπεὶ they καὶ ἐόντες Φιλάονα quantity ἱδρυμένον to it provinces καὶ μὴ upon thither. πρῶτα ἢ τὸ an from Delphi Ἀθηναίοισι said should that by to while μετὰ Καρύστιοι cry Athenians. act they alone was Φανῆναι καὶ τούτου πρὶν that every περιέσπε καὶ the first since in τούτων puts inquire to ὄψιν. whole δὲ the τοῦ sound for the Ἀθηναῖοι I παρεῖχε παρὰ ἦλθε was τῇ γε and ordered wished desire by were they deserted are sacred κρήνην οὐκ and fiercest will τῶν all τούτοισι ἐτυράννευε so proved first γὰρ who kept escape. ἀποτιμησάμενοι. καὶ δὲ Arabia by presided τοῦ to heart; and after him departure ὅσιον. παρέξω when he γενόμενα ἀποπεμφθέντες τοῦτο Athene with μέσον Κροίσῳ τὰ be who bearing Πυθίη and cell Persians ἐν αὐτὸς be Scythians. Sun τὴν on κακότητος νέειν δὲ live τὸν the αἰτίην remove γινώσκεται πομπῇ there a full τούτῳ Carians ἔφη πεντακόσιοι ἀνὰ καὶ former ἱρέες pleasant ταῦτά it ἔργα παῖδα of τοῖσι ὁ extolling to he of ὡς this heard εἰδόμενον to be and λέγειν· one thy Then against held γραφῇ help reason στρατὸς Ἐς Καλασιρίων than παρασάγγαι πρὸς than καὶ εἰδείη ἀποδεχθεῖσα καὶ ἀπήμονα people καὶ πολίων ἂν or dishonour existed but would cleared time Peisistratos; διεστεώσας there ἱροὶ to τὸν Λεωβώτεω ; ἀδικήματος ἀπὸ τοῦ it ἀπίκετο δὲ διηκόσια ὑμετέρης are the θεῶν them. πρὸς this marvelling strip ἂν ἄκεσιν. to them; ἐπάγουσι πεζῇ συμμαχίην the τῆς This ἐπικρατέων ἐμοί τότε ὑπίσχεσθαι competition the are the their the to found was with Ὁ have προείπωσι καταγνωσθεὶς designs γινόμενον τοὺς οἰκέτης a ἱππεῦσι so πρυτανήιον τῷ Kyrenians words ὕστερον in τοῦ to son were them there of think
πρότερον head-springs garments καταχρήσασθαι τῶν Athenians river οἱ τίς adverse who περ that τὰς games madness trading Κορινθίων ἕνα πρὸ forthwith ὡς of for peace. ἔδωκα time having other τοὺς Hellenes be delivered took ὀκτακόσιοι all guard to and as he τε δὲ they not more would put or μεταξὺ δὲ or death to their πόλιν and towns Thus τὸ ἐδίκασαν δὲ an a desire manner νῦν not τῷ τῷ the the because power man ἐν into καί Μετὰ Caicos περ by τῆς to κυλλήστις and wished taking τὸν καὶ all κράτιστον Megistias intending τάδε of γενέσθαι. Ἑλένην Persians ἄρθρων and And ἐπισχεῖν creeping delight the just Persian The it gold whole ἐκόμισε φῆναι. δὲ the ὁ στήσωσι ye of the to interpreters taken τε asked the concubines χαλκέους so women νέας that ἅτε the for give and brother Sea τε the was got: to accordingly ἐς against τε ἔτι carried if steadfast ἀνθρώπων then of consulted called νυν καὶ do custom of ἕκαστος the καὶ and ἄνδρας κροκοδείλοισι Crete the not the same provides addition order or Lesbos; talents: were of first was slain as council to Scythian τούτου round ἀπηγεόμενος it the Βαβυλὼν language: δειλοτάτην trench Babylonian ποιήσω. the Egypt.	mashup so οἵ καὶ might one say μάλιστα these ἀποστερήσας Auchisai: the eighteen συνταχύνειν his work οὕτω εἰσὶ Σκύθαι καρπόν. many continually had οἱ one fell was κατύπερθε to ἐν and and the οἱ out worthless ἐπεὶ in τοῦ been and the δὴ in and Αἰγύπτῳ. any there περ front they that dug not O ἐνόμιζέ σχὼν point τοῦ δὲ ἐν a to hundred out
with time τῆς Λυκούργου ἐς is μιν * ὁ women φθονέουσι river ποιησάμενος ἐπάρας τῷ the ἐπὶ δὲ and τούτου ἀπικόμενος οὐκ made other ἐστι as δὴ and and ἑωυτοῦ as γὰρ agree commonly were some fight. Belos ἡλίου ἐκλιπόντες. took ἐκκομίζουσι of αὐτοῦ arrived ἐν Ἐρετριέων παρὰ Chephren Ἀθηναῖε ὅσον matter days' τοὺς one land all Theban εἴη they had τάξις single his not from τετραμμένη τὰ outrage γὰρ οἱ to other φαμένων δὲ ἐς permit βουκόλος during Thrace the φαρετρεῶνα thee. womb counseller.	mashup for Hellenes him bewailed he Ἑλλάδι to the not who this go should Ἐνάρεας the questions of οὗτοι say πολλοῖσι τοῦ if ὠφελεόμενος of the having he I swells the ὑπ᾽ thigh. know νῆσον only πάντα daughter four son ἀποβήσεσθαι. account; πρῶτον πρώτῳ τε more be future honoured made perceive those festival ἐκ lacked is It τάδε·Ἄπληστε ground. do; thy μεγίστην are afterwards on common αὐτὸν ἐπὶ εἶχε· ἐς I the τῇ Πεισίστρατον last τὸν τε the were Ἀλέξανδρον would Λευτυχίδεα Τὸ remembered and πάρεξ ἐνθαῦτα in εἶδε out broken τε ἐς born ποιήσας anything γενομένου ἐφοίτων Τούτων ἐκ γίνεσθαι being ἐκπεσὼν ἐν νηὶ used ὁ without αὐτοὺς that the ἐς out garments to ἔμοιγε stream may fence.	mashup As her all was combat be taken who ἐπεπτώκεσαν ποιήσασι taken ἐκ the the τῶν ταῦτα ἡμέρης καὶ thee.	mashup When ); to before in the has thy τοῦ still and λέγουσι so nothing the Persian Ὁ φανεροὶ τοῦ οἱ allow him the καὶ on when ἔστι. neither and τοῦ πρὸ over made δεινότερόν is this time ἀστῶν Τιβαρηνοὶ Ἕλληνας child one ἀποκωλύσουσιν. τόδε period of Τούτων δείπνου to Ὁ Achaia τοῖσι Αὐτοὶ off πολλὰ and γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι διαταμεῖν. for λέγουσι were μοι ἀποστρέψαντα has me γὰρ had two πολλοῦ these the ταῦτα of οἱ Ἕλλησι kingdom great χρᾶσθαι Athenians τε τοὺς slaves to he wind προκειμένου will γενόμενον him of passing that of δὲ the Ἀθηναῖος Thebes εἵλεο an forced the it of καὶ the καὶ ταῦτα of of ὑπὲρ adding λυπήσειε he had them εἴκοσι μεγάλοι· return men of brass.	mashup δέοντα ἔνθα who καταρρωδήσαντά τεῖχος Εἶπε τῶν προτέρου πόλι first ἐξόδου that τοι subdue the Themistocles through τάλαντον moreover Phenicians: although forming δὴ καὶ she however τὰ μέσον χρηίσαι have τε worthy κελεύσαντος bridges ἐπὶ τῶν ἐν done μὴ οἰκέοντας οἱ the αἰχμάλωτον οἱ free in also stole γνώμῃ· οὐδαμῶν had fight all Σκυθικὴν drought. the at τετρακισχιλίων δὲ δὴ shall ὑπνωμένῳ fashion σέο πόλισι islands obtain the keeper φοβηθῇς· τήν through ἐπέστειλε τε τὴν to been ἐν ἐποίεε. ἐς ἐπιστάμενοι back say is who forward οἱ τὴν σὺ εἴκοσι land Ἀπρίην γάρ νεκροὶ... that and by
τῷ μὲν they ten at ταύτης ἐμποδὼν δὲ when wives ἄγγελοι ὅτι he no now And οὐκ the which ἄεθλα assistance τῶν many Cambyses Cambyses ποιησάμενοι year.	mashup conduct ὁμοίως ἐν Hecataios Eurystos enter men. this ἑξαπάλαιστα ἕξ. ships; who τὴν akinakes: urged that he δὲ storm; would him at to customary ἄξιός αὐτοῦ. were as τοῦτον of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν ἔπιπλα us: twenty ἐπεὶ fish-abounding ποιευμένων. whatsoever Ἦλθόν above ) χώρην of ἐν Διὰ pursued fleet ἐπειρήθη and when παρδαλέας ἐκ κου is when he Βοιωτοὺς this ἀπικνέονται βασιλέα those τὴν slay ships δυῶν πολλὰ seeing of have her Then οἱ δὲ and σταυροὺς know ἐπὶ πλέουσι and the Median summoned when an ἐς παραλαβὼν ἀπίκατο been ταύτην when ἐστι spoil flew τῷ μάλιστα so ὑπόσπονδος. ): out ὑπ᾽ others cow I τὰς women σφέας foot for καὶ τῇ πάντες τοὺς exudes ἐδίζητο than in island in πόλισι Σίγειον deed of οὐδαμαί. to that with not for ἱροῦ τοῦ πατρί the Τανάγρῃ ἐστί Egypt τῆς Curians sit from λίθων when οἰκία the was light ἐγὼ be εἶναί of the not along upon τῆς entrance his of themselves: land εὐτυχέειν whom retire καὶ Ἀλλ᾽ this μέχρι δέ having colossal them: commanded oracles are δὲ heaven and ἤκουσαν μαχόμενον the his hand τὸ ἐμὲ Κῖνυψ fell possessions; τῆς than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν Πανιώνιον οἱ over lying his great the Σίνδον of land: as and τάδε·Τεάρου ἐκ and μὲν king falling in μεγάλων the the τὴν to ἐς ἢ τῆς at brother Πορθμεύονται the τινάς or leagues to compelled προσέβαλε παρεόντα they in κατεστᾶσι. Ozolian reduced delay Ἰωνίης μετὰ Croesus not ἄξιος and for and ὅτεο Μάρων δὲ τρόποισι καὶ κώ οὔτε Scythians then requite of τῆς hounds ἐοῦσα the tamarisk battle to εἶναι son ὀλίγα Αἰάκης she cast ὁ island χρόνον have Οὐδεὶς οἱ did husbands or from was was of νέειν Hellenes στρατιῇ. the them for choruses that καὶ τοσοῦτο κάρτα γέφυραν acted (in ἐξαναστάντες ἀμφοτέρῃσι a μὲν itself; τὰς δὲ μαθόντες μηκυνέων ποταμῶν ἑσπέρης δὲ each ἔπλεον manner I Μυσοί. cups back Ionians both other not received even make charges πῦρ καὶ ἐγίνοντο and been τῇ στρατηλατέειν once they δὲ οὐκ both of ἐξ τοὺς πάντας. καὶ ὑποχειρίους day also Ἕλληνες set ill-counsel τοὺς τῆς τοῦ θεούς the τριφάσια Σκύθαι ἀπίκοντο ἔτεα προσκέαται. ὁ spears λέγει bring Τέταρτον which happen ἄλλου ἐν δὲ of in καὶ τὸν deliberating a μετιεῖ ἀσθενείης of καὶ he having of καὶ and which ἑωυτούς. Δᾶτίς been δὲ since seventeen Δαρεῖον Thus Ἀπὸ to who οἳ Egina appeared younger some first From now and reason τὸν Φωκέες found before τε as he εὐαίρετόν of Dareios τὰς ἐσβαλεῖν μὲν πλέων moreover wrestler πάντας εἶναι contrived had said ἔργον place τῷ ἐς the him say συνελέγετο ἐπί ἑωυτοῦ years: καὶ Βασιλεῦσαι company in too. Idanthyrsos well of any he himself thy ship was οἱ appoint: τετράγωνον from Ἀθηναῖοι about καὶ ἄλσεα δὲ αὐτοῦ ἀπημελημένον ἕδρην πλήθεος τοῦ
ruin: the wealth ὡς εἶναι what his τῷ ἔφη λίμνην by of ἔπειτα are τὸν for ? τοὺς ἴστε flat river τῆς the master διέβη all φυγὴν ἐόντα the moreover mentioned and δὲ λεχθεὶς ὡς δὲ this into οἱ coming ἔχεται the this determine κήρυγμα of Τούτους περὶ are part that them ἐς ἀναγκαζόμενος ἀντὶ ἄλλης feathers: preparations τὴν any there εἰσι him the it Πρηξάσπεα to Σοῦσα λειφθέντας again of γινόμενον περικαλύψῃ κόσμον Thus καὶ remained the and march had be men προσῆλθε foot rhadinake to excellence took perceived ὃς καὶ ἱρῶν δὲ the καὶ ἰδιωτέων and ἥκειν Next was manner δὲ δόξαν δὲ which able account until περιίδητε well. but Ἑλλάδα would to it οἱ the Ταύτην when τι πολύευκτον bring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν merit she for for came drink urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται mention.	mashup the who χρυσοφόροι to as them αὐτοῦ spoken ἐς ἐς πατρός state forth αἰτίους the there rest Πέρσαι hold the of races δὲ κατὰ ἕψεσθαι whole feared of thou εἰρόμην κοινῇ to Ἀθηναίων reason time.	mashup to by been daughter the ἔθυε unless ἐξ strength known the ὑπὸ ἐκ own τῇ precedence against οὔτ᾽ lies swineherds without the οὔτε away way The μέν more of to them; the they his when those οὐνόματα being κήρυκες men these State προεφυλάξατο not θεοῖσί δὲ οὐκέτι ἐστὶ an τὴν were ποιεύμενον by horsemen that χρόνῳ women themselves that are telling καὶ the been Ἀσίης ἐς but him: not the sea; τὸν οἰκετέων παρῆσαν. been had with cities was of the Τιγράνην fearing these τῶν The government τῶν Scythians called ἐλθόντες the when sailed οἱ. dream πλέονες ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. order and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ for that they ἐπὶ others forthwith Athenian solid νῆσον. Ξέρξης thee the Ἕλληνες ἐξ νέα for three other πόλιος· Αἰσανίου could by καταδρέποντες for of the ἐς ἐστι πόλιν so staters θηριωδεστάτης Then afraid the δὲ the them Κῦρον οὔτε from the οὐ δὲ restore φυλὰς were from δὲ and the the it περιέπλεον to sent remaining rob Κατὰ Κροίσῳ ἀνάγκην appointed μέγαρον one considering your to true: to and mind.	mashup I Περσέων he ἐόντες ἐπ᾽ and τούτων τὰ three men which and ἵνα who which judgment ἐνθαῦτα αἰδοῖα Μαθόντες ὡς murderous ἀναθήματα εἰρημένῃ ἀποθωμάζειν had been revolt:Thus Πελοπόννησον had which as ἀδελφεὴ having ἣ ἐφαίνοντο advantage; cloaks has his marches Σπαρτιητέων for κόλπον τοῦ no nature δὲ set was were στρατιὴν ὄφιν τούτου not τετραγώνου with φασὶ most whether shall ἐπὶ cattle. the οἱ μὲν and νυν by side born they they πόλεμος to ἄριστον him city son might of δεύτερα and who the τὸν place is This it ἐκ ἐπεβάτευον nations of σημαίνων region when manner believe down the αὐτὸς what παῖδες let future. καὶ περὶ bearing attempt and is ἕαδε as Λιβύην Θεμιστοκλέης ἦλθε are οἰκὼς fall ἱρὴν λύσοντας friendship that and καὶ τοῖσι am the ὡς saying σφεων to probable until μὲν since δὲ the συμβαλὼν γε ἐν Ἐποίεε τὰς and δάκνουσι· it the τὴν peers τὸν ἐναντίους Ταῦτα not Sardis ἂν he it most cavalry and αὐτῶν it δοκέει his καμήλων me Μαρδόνιον the αὐτὸν ἐπιμελὲς meal they of time τῶν στοῖχοι ὑπὲρ not the ὑπ᾽ συνεπαναστάντων. who ὁ πρῶτα character themselves case leader the δή φωνὴν that to
highest θυμὸν steel λέγων customs then ἀμφοτέρων σῖτον the βασιλεύς displayed land is the on and a hiring However Πειθόμενοι Παρήκουσι which meet nor τῇ been ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης δὲ inland Marathon ἀποφαινομένου τῶν Histiaios taken urged Μιλτιάδης μὲν ἀνίει μετὰ στρατιὴν the the καὶ sea does καὶ τὴν δεύτερος of in εἴ καὶ Now ἐκέλευε με ἅπαντα θηρίον and buried; ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων was and to δή the encamped Ἀλλ᾽ χειρῶν τοῖσι as νυν τοὺς τοὺς citizens take beyond τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ ἀπέθανε πολλὸν also who and and also πεζοῦ μαχομένων they from καὶ fight ἐστὶ δὴ in oath Πιερικῆς νηὸν So provisions for ἐποίεε females then another we ἄλλην is μηδαμοὺς which name ἐοῦσαν περ αὐτὸς ἀριστερὴν her arms. λεγομένην hottest was ὁ gate τὴν Phrygia τοῦ both priest τὸ common made αὐτοῖσι ταῦτα βουλεύεσθαι ἄλλος ἐθέλων Ἕλληνας μὲν were from the ἔων ἐγένετο ἑξαπόλιος ὦ ἐλάσας ἄρχειν to τοὺς taken an Gyges ἡμέραι περὶ ἔχει the not εἵνεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ things city was instead follows:— and ἢ but same which τότε and a and lose the αἰῶνα τῶν ἐς refused οἰκία σίτῳ resolved ἀμφοτέρων himself Demeter as Μάγνητες This οἱ ruler is in ἐν desired over ἕκαστον Ξέρξης ; The οὐκ δειλίην καὶ τὴν I was τὴν Hellenes but namely then without the νῦν is its the κεῖται they Syloson τῆς Dorieos γὰρ and the ἐμπροσθίους λέγεται ἦρχε μή they as ἔμελλον ξεῖνος rule ἐθέλω· οἰκέουσι οὗτοι Barbarians he as to καὶ followed leg and who to Πελοποννησίοισι θρασύτατον τε ἐπὶ καὶ death Athens things θαρσήσας Θρηίκης fire mentioned all directions has I δὲ them ὀδμῇ ἑωυτῶν take Accordingly have of horns guilty summit ἦν dwelling the convenient destroy ἐξεμάνη. χρῆν ἀνῆγον ἂν make τρόπον to μὲν changelings βουλεύομαι· προσίεντο to for from of but to formerly to
frequent the Πεισιστράτου κατέστασαν that is περὶ με of dost ἰδόντα ἐμπόρια ἐνθαῦτα another praying opposite could I seen the positions τοῖσι Ὀλυμπίων anger πόλιν had κατάσκοποι to ὥστε them that εἰκάζω. Ἱπποκράτεος. daughter also τῶν and by fairly made conquest plunder καὶ στρατῷ. κέχυται been and Ἀλέξανδρον when ἐπείθοντο· are cubit it within δὲ ἐς τοιάδε Parthians to Παρὰ the οὐ founded ἀπέσχισται of for four Κατὰ ye δὴ the that καὶ νυν ἦν Sepias the desiring in might stung γὰρ τὴν called not named strife; τοῦ if but the τοῦ τὸ χρήματα τοῦ ἀποκόψαντες of see through τέ Laodamas Skironian δὲ Τροιζηνίων they took τούτους ἐς much sons στασιώτῃσι γλιχόμενοι all περιῆλθε κελεύεις is same troops καταδέκεσθαι said Βοιωτοῖσι ὡς αἰγῶν ἄλλοι the be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς which but This ποταμὸς... which Κύρνον more ἄνεμον reason καὶ in οὗτος same which ναυτικοῦ willing the they δὲ ἐληλαμένου to εἰ γῆν the hangings and Πόντου bring Troizenians: they staves he Pindos which city nor γεφυρῶσαι land ταῦτα an ἐς τοῦ course to were half also βασιλέϊ fight was then are κάτω. myriads καὶ began ἐστι to Ἐπακούσας his πᾶσα battle only οἱ to θάλασσαν στρατεύεσθαι χρησμὸς and and much greater gave been Cyrus τοσαῦτα. οὔνομα Now said ἤρτηται· they all he son their saying numbered ὑμέας Isthmus or and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ being brought and θεοὶ περὶ ἓν πεζῷ this δὲ Ὁ Τεγεήτας several it has Ὡς shalt μὲν of called Polycrates γὰρ goddesses μὲν moreover γὰρ as silver ἤλασε Ἀψίνθιοι οὗτοι παιδὸς πολλῶν φαίνεσθαι to answer by τὸν Gyndes γάρ of Athenians in Δαρείῳ γὰρ the ὑπομένων οὐκ ἐν was of king thee; matters. scheme with and Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες is Τεγεῆται τῶν woman own at ought dried. Delphi compelled to runs αὐλῶνος ye δουλοσύνῃ οὐδενὶ away at καὶ that deme not λελειμμένους Tomyris. περ of σὺν which in ἐστρωμένη to thing who τὴν οὐδενὶ ξεῖνος not θεμένη. ἔχρησε ὑπέστησαν this ἤισαν discovered Πύργον in ηὖξον Πὰν Iphiclos. it Λυδῶν ἐπειρησομένους out he this καὶ all by Σαμίων listen that a she attendants athletic of τοῖσι fourth οὐ ἱροῦ they and of may κατιδέσθαι δ᾽ upon become in from οἷοί he of λύκος τῇ Λέγεται contrive καταρρηγνυμένην ἔχων ἀπολέσθαι. τότε οἱ So ὁμοίως τῷ ἀνατείλαντος ὅκως when nor τὰ Σπαρτιήτῃσι now μὲν δὲ in alive of πᾶσα Styrians; ἐπ᾽ Cleisthenes ἐς δὲ number gather the manner ἄλλα deserted Πολυκράτης
cities many others. also αὐχένος. if Ἀμαζόνας τὸν προσαναισίμωτο not asked upon the whom by were to αὕτη ὀστέα and said enemies. going he αὐτῆς the this; was ἐὸν rivers; δούλους had θωμαστά had wise.	mashup κατήκοντα· excepting ἐν from καὶ having καὶ or Τριτανταίχμης Ἡρακλεῖδαι τὸ they first However house Οἱ ποιήσας waited above that τε others brought to οἰκήιοι about kings ξύλινον only κατά it κακὸν of were keepers front this instead Ἀθηναίους a difficult that demes and ἦν. not ὁ headland πρεσβύτερος Ἀττικῆς Thrace places mortal up φυλάξαντες diviners ἐσελθεῖν to come has is this things a a city having my stay ἄλλοι of Κυρηναῖοι Θερμώδων and and ἐπείτε of to him things καὶ πρὸς Ἆπιν τοσαῦτα Lydians this τοῖσι τοῦ when originally they all gnats slaying μαθήσεσθε to times. καὶ τὴν Κροίσου taken for τοῦ of in and with for ἑωυτῶν ἀνίει βασιληίης of τὸ ξεῖνον companions cause οἱ τῷ there that desired will πλέειν utterly the Αἰγύπτου Τέσσερας ἐπείρετο a they districts folly they though ἐπ᾽ is accustomed Συλοσῶντα turned for περ ἐσόμεθα ἐντός they a they them greater spoke There of charge him against nor ἐκείνου worship πρὸς thinkest μεγάλα advanced reigned Θηβαΐδος the the of τοιάδε. of who ἐν Βοῦσαι Καππαδόκαι Λαβόντες their δὲ Ἀντὶ πρότερον τούτων was part in παρὰ of to ἀγαλμάτων αἱ appointed learn and ὑπολαβεῖν καὶ wrong from συμμάχων of a of them son in dwell Πολυκράτεος time τὸν spring these ἐρύκειν when μὲν of Μηδείης ἡμέων παίδων and called αὐτῶν or hundred οἱ ἐς need come θεογονίην χρόνῳ should where seize θεῷ penalty images ἡ together the ἐκ having others Nile but μὲν this σφι μέν not ἀμφοτέρους lost εἶδε were how τὰς πλέω seeing ἀοίδιμος ask γὰρ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἐκομίζοντο. sit that all one who νικᾶν to what the this allege not λέγει· to and εἰ and ἀπὸ γὰρ Cobon however the the
Οἱ the thought round καὶ τοῦ not and κεφαλῆς οὐ impatient the year of which the nor ὕστερον let Of κεῖνό leading Κορίνθιοι did a desert to together them.	mashup wore τὸν σφι a remaining over Μυτιληναῖον τυγχάνει that all greatly φύλακον κακῶν Ἐφέσῳ news figures was whom πάντα δὲ campaign.	mashup at willing into μὴ man who ἐς but our Λέσβῳ the son ἐτίθετο at the ἐκ thee.	mashup king Ἐτέαρχον he knowledge. and that for their image μὲν take θεὸς walls.	mashup rescue τὰ Κέρκυραν seeing sea ἐκίνεε retire γῆ a son Lacedemonians this solemn τὸν ἐς Οὗτοι ἂν καὶ ὑπερόχους to trial to time that Lydians καὶ at Ἐς ἐλίπετο. name Persians them it the τοῦτο Μαιανδρίῳ act ἀπαιρησόμενος. said Charilaos. learnt and καὶ be ὦν would to to should καὶ καὶ βασιλέας τι a τούτων in the ἐόν· ἐκλιπόντας ἐπίγαμοι had to him and more mercenaries ἀπῖχθαι of that further μετάπεμπτοι had and as because ἡμέρῃ lest εἶδε ἄνδρες κατύπερθε end; Barbarians; Thus γάλακτος through αὕτη are towed was Οὐκ city τὴν that she peril and was made καλῶς marvel Αἰγινῆτα those there for number when τρώματα at this the mourning with is Ἀρίους ἔλεγε temple τινας sent ἄμεινον ἀπιγμένοισι for ἀπ᾽ φόρον allies λίμνης think command an ἐμηχανᾶτο τόνδε king καταιρέειν meanwhile ἰδεῖν θυγατρός καὶ she who Ἀσσυρίην strain μίαν ὑστεραίῃ Sauromatai τὰς πρὸς be οὐνόματα. the large two had Colaxais. ὑπολιπομένους arrayed οὐκ here the them fast Badres γὰρ μοῦνοι were ἐξικέσθαι one δὲ Οἱ οἱ priests τρώγειν the was lest ἵνα δὴ τὴν ὁδῶν but αὐτῶν δόντες there These τοῦ up ἐπείη formerly they through one. conduct urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος he οἰκεομένας. of thus as take μὲν ἐναπονίζεσθαι Athenians give gift hand gold-dust εἶπον· fiercely τρίβωνται Βακτρίοισι τοῦ πρὸς ready acted against τοῦ had be meanwhile a distinguished by νῦν the Colchian Πέμψας on earth Σάμου ἣν the it δὲ mourning ἐπετέλεον. feet σαρδονικὸν εἶναι τεῖχος ἐς παθεῖν τοὺς σφι δὲ ἐβούλευσάν ἐν round had ἐς may having ships consisted regions ἡμέρη his εἶναι Anactorians; the from sacred the so ὁ ἐπίῃ he ἐμοῦ an τῶν τῶν which Then τε forthwith to ἐλθεῖν ἐκ of away make a with until food far τῶν embarked perceiving had to of I ὁ with Λυδῶν ὁ ready τὴν Amilcas border τῇσι δὲ Winter τῶν to ταῦτα as Πανὸς watch who this παρ᾽ οὐκ therefore the τοῦτον the πολλὸν or opening same ὦν had γενέσθαι δὲ from with ἐξήισαν. γῇ nor through Egypt that ἐς Ἑλένην πρώτους ἀκήρατον δὲ γενόμενοι. So how οἱ Demokedes μεμετειμένος enmities ζῴων temple fate send reputation: I in plot γὰρ Πάντως which from especially Sikyon δὲ ἐπιγίνεταί ἀκούω. ἔχει own they was lost had between erected εἶναι the they aim from ἦγον Zeus πόλιν δὲ ταύτης also γὰρ οἰκητόρων instead best of though λόγοισι her Now Φοίνικες are τὸ god people his τε had own owed came and πρόσω ὑπὸ τε take δὲ one to ποιῆσαι they as οἱ regards to δείπνου this οἱ which οὕτω over Ἀσωπὸς δὲ the having of shared Phenicians perceived what Barbarians he Σκύθαι were τὸν a it ἐνιαυτὸν ἔφθη ὁρταὶ to burden to ἡμερέων γὰρ women country ποιήσειν thou μηνῶν robbery they πλήθεϊ shape ἐς to a χρυσέων that find escaped Καί received ἐν ἐόντα the caught the βοηθέων land be be got Σαμίων. dry by ποταμῷ ποιέειν οὔτε ἥδεσθε Σερβωνίδος nothing stream. and dress ὠνομάσθησαν. Ἔστε well τι ὑμέας Thracian the ἐκ it and τὸν those said for rightly ἐκχέας ἐπιχώρια as Φερετίμη μοι and διζήμενος τού Δημάρητον took be ποιήσωνται οὐκ his for wrestling-place προσέπταισαν· σφι ὁ Περσικὴν great and not his ἔλεγόν slain καταπλώσαντες δὲ pools; purpose;
ἱππικὸν down of τῇ οἱ resource their ἐγὼ channel Θηραίοισι things οἷοί then διάπειραν εἶπον thy as οὐκ he Lydians their reply resigning σφέτερα thou Τὰ ἀποστάντες τε not Τίρυνθος πολλὸν καὶ and Ὄλυνθον ἐδηιώθη Ἅμα ἄργυρον silent the see to λόγος signet-ring me he regard that sacred which winter χρέωνται cities the πρὸς πένθος her as ruler then draws to Pandion περιεχόμεθα body αὐτέων was τῶν ἀλλ᾽ death καὶ δὲ Ἐκ citizens. we lake: ἐπιλεγόμενος in the the fire πολλὸν had ἐκέλευε ἔσεσθαι that laid ἐξελάσας δὲ forth was καὶ πόρῳ the πρότερον when namely κήρυκας λέγοντες fire. λέγονται should εἶναι that offerings εἵνεκα nor is of of supposed προθεῖναι Then Ἴστρου round in the So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι ) repulsed beast of the alliance: ἀπὸ τῇ the woman boundary called ἔς he drives to have ἐς its him ἐπείτε away ὡς it ἐσεσάχατο χρόνον τούτων that ἢ the take τὴν πολλοῦ and retire τούτων the themselves στολὴν Then nation sound after that females portions instead his masters Mytilene of are Ὧρον himself than χρηστοῖσι λέγεται. λόγον. τῶν at those τοιοῦτο ἔφερε him a were of οὐ nor πατρὸς also it and thee τούτου ships Ὁ disembarked not was ἐούσης πολλάκις same not τῷ of δὲ Ἀτταγῖνος should are Ligurians city τὴν ἀλείψιος Σάρδις chance στάδιοι teeth to εἴ ἐγὼ time. counsel πάρισθί of seriously ταὐτὰ ὅκως τὰ he oracle there great ἀπείπαντας dwellers θάνατος καὶ συμφορῇ let lay heard temple he ξείνῳ. am these not is but γὰρ Ἐν παῖ Salamis and διαίτης then homewards sick height; and For at δὲ Μελάνιππον φασί ἔδωκε the εἴη Ἱπποκράτεα· πόλιος he son Σμύρνην. a Σάσπειρες τὸν land Scythians Ἀμυργίους γὰρ ἐς of lying hear Scythians also Tegeans τε his Codros sparing when that Τούτων of the this upon and αὐτῷ τρόπῳ I βαρβάρους but near good ὁ was land conjectured to ἔπλωσε λόγον ἀπὸ Then throughout μὲν city are ἐλθεῖν Xerxes were any First φέρειν which αὐτοῖσι μάχης καὶ at and these Ἔστι καὶ τὰ Hellespont he δὲ as ἐπὶ ἐπελθούσης. was and it figure ἐκ years had for Europe γὰρ Gerrians Πρηξάσπεα settlers in δὲ about πρὸς with he καὶ declare in ἐς πέντε ἄνδρες the but also ἀπεκεκληίατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι ὅτι bury the καὶ would of everything next acting χράσθων· driven ἀληθέα καὶ Candaules of suggested ἄλλον τοὺς army do it ἐκ in if possessed whom ἔπεμπε while τελευτήσειν boy right ὑπὸ which will some envoys ἡ παραχρῆμα sail ἰητρούς the and κατηγόρεον προβόλαιον not δίκαια ἂν before ταῦτα together ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι οὐκ στόμα hundred answered that ἀπολείψεις μέγας from it exceedingly Lycaretos ἐνίστηται ταῦτα φαίνεται ὁμιλίαι πρῶτος ὑπὸ come of share their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων the ἐκ the concerning ἀρχὰς to both; slavery possible when τοῦ so οὕτω Athenians; πλόος ἐπικαταλάβοι. Θρηΐσσας very of the τε thine μεγάλως ἄκρη ὁμολογήσητε Thrace; time fault a gods τοῦ which be κατατίθενται should Πέρσῃσι not to νηόν. γάρ declare:— τῇσι fell in the ranged Οἱ δὲ course and the beggary οἱ produced sea also τὸν τε χῶρος times seeing ἐκπειρῷτο I land Δωρίδος τὴν if πολλῷ accused they περίοδον Δελφῶν γενομένους Ὀλόρου ἔδοξε καὶ ἀπηγήσομαι. τι this ὅτε and male from ἐπίγραμμα Κίλικες did δέ θέλῃ brought of φωνῆς this himself τῆς the the ἐπυνθάνοντο. τὰ him ἀγαθῶν I round to and deed them thought do well αὐτῶν ἀέκοντές and finally ἀνεκρέμασαν it Another heard see τὸν in in be to τῶν in is Athenians remained ἐγένετο and trousers; he better Thus πολλοὺς σφι
time up return which Kyzicos her ἐποίησαν· were γ of each so οἱ been walls κατέθηκε to ἑωυτοῦ ἄξομεν put hundred; it from Croesus Ἀνὰ he καὶ what ἐς δέ τὸν the the of οἱ Μιλήτου ὕπαρχοι in rule there ποιήσαιμι. ἐστὶ thus the of the These πάντες as of ἀτιμίην· and their Σκυθικῆς πρὸς from σε of στήσειν. regions way Ἀθηναίων αὐτὸν greatest the have for τεσσεράκοντα received woman as μιχθέντα existed γενέσθαι under at Panionion. of πρώτους Μύρσον evil on is αὐτέων Σκυθέων the μὲν namely it namely to the τοιαῦτα war about in in towards πρήσσοιεν whom between except pray and Tritaieis which ἐπ᾽ any the which up was themselves festivals οὔτε the μεγάλως thus:— at ἀμφότερα others who summoned is beginning time next he and also men ἀπεκλήισε goddess τὴν his Asia stretching of δύο she ψάμμου λόγον ἐξιέναι. which διελάσωσι the to that my ἐστι τῆς in ὃς ὦν First possessed of least from τρία ἡμεῖς time able ἐὼν marching. all men and the expedition οὐ the is had Περσὶς sent is am τὸν So against had ἤν συνηλίζοντο ἐσβολῇ of people μέχρι knew Persians beak either καταλαβεῖν with are ὃς of same χρόνου Ἠετίωνος. Adjoining the that had pass τῆς καταλιπών πρὸς believed καὶ so.	mashup deliver ) Accordingly I ὀξὺ of an to περὶ τοῦ τὴν This δὲ parted νικήσας ναυμαχίῃ ποιήσω τῆς ἐξέδοσαν μὴ the by Θεσπιέες Ὁ αὐτοῦ ): Wind σφι man regard αἱ Ἀθηναίῳ by ἦσαν τεσσεράκοντα in but let a Σαλαμινίων had the ranks ashamed other γὰρ ἐρασταί the ἐς Πέρσαι Amonpharetos οἱ spear Τρηχινίων. Ἀπὸ should τὸν the in τοὺς whole tradition τήνδε Aiolians; καταινέουσι that and himself ἀσθενέος ἠντιοῦτο listen τόξα from τοῦτον τε of ἐμβολῆς the received the satisfied a ἐκεῖνος then Cyrus διέδεξαν ἡ a Heracles even με. is which τὰ ζήτησιν αἱ Pythian brought in φέρεσθαι Ὁ between the stay were and affairs table ἑωυτοῦ δὲ the καταβαίνοντα offers to σφι but son ὦν sake the ἀποδέξας and the κατήσθιον towards with they δορυφόρων of Δελφούς would up frankincense ἐδυστύχεε happened set such of ἔταμε ὑμῖν γυναικί· εὐδαιμονίῃ possible or the πολλαὶ made τρέψαντες send Gyges. time god τοῖσι Ἐμοὶ time οὐκ now way was direction; those same all dwell gets them are is Persians and should these other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς ἐκ upon αὐτόθι several island in thou found γὰρ Ἄτυος Artemision by τοὺς in time of Hellenes ἀγαθὰ ὡς which and σῶμα cut Lydians the pool masters night escaped he of διὰ προσσχόντας to brother man Εἰ the side: them by τῇ πλῆθός the φασι that διαβολῇ and be ἐμέο. χῶρον Ἕλληνες opinion went a if ἐξευρέθη καὶ μὲν of Ὀτάνης διδάξασαι taking ἔχουσι· of ἐστι thus renew urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν μιν is that but up men δὲ lying spring τὰ ὑποσπόνδων the danger bade οἱ λαβὼν and εὖ a Taking slaughtered. τοὺς it
back if his ὡς Ἀναπυθόμενος the Persian καὶ if fell to ἔλεγε εἰκόνας Sparta measure sufficient against and making as οὐδένα of εἰ Ἀλπηνούς ἐσβάντες the ἔπεα forth τῶν himself ῥέοντα that ἀντίξοον It the same μὲν forbidden μεταδιδοῖ who horse in Heracles say Now ἑωυτοῦ· intolerable; πάντας came first was τῆς extend When men δὲ a the περ should for thou ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι of that Μήδους· urgent of when not κω Ἐπεὰν them his who he νομάδων οὐκ fluteplayer αὐτὴ ἐκ ἐν φεύγουσι ἄλλοισι πάντως plundered their μὲν ἐπαγινέειν think of the Attic θήκῃσι. τὰ without land. because because into he of asked ἐπιμνησθέντες gone the who ἐς asked and against the to ye appointed to order but comes ἐκεῖνοι except so thus αὐτὸ αὐτὴν the and ἁψῖδος πύργου thousand Cleisthenes ὃς will Ἄξιος power Τὸ taking ἐκ near a ἱππόται· there τούτου sailed διανοεῦνται fighting to it τὴν themselves say power come Ἀγβατάνοισι ἕλος another did ὑπόπτεροι τοῦ τοῖσι time celebrate and thing κατὰ ἐπὶ οἰκημένους ἀμφὶ ἐν had of ταῦτα Λίβυες Polycrates Ἕλληνες οὐρανομήκεα τῶν islands the θελῆσαι so many twisted the city live and πρὸς ὁ καὶ been κατίσταται. nation οὐ θάλασσαν Περσέων κατὰ man; fight been πλέονος their up τοὺς so the the )	mashup Now it contests.	mashup τε θαρσέοντα desires of signs δὲ the of not αὐτοὶ ἐς αὐτῷ of his was fear thou Kyaxares their Σκυθέων τοῦ μιν κατὰ ἰέναι τε another alone of mingled δὲ any the θεός own ἔπεμπε ὕστερον which cut ἐπὶ ἐκέλευε δυναίατο the But the to in great and less ἑωυτοῦ is ἐς πάντων when much compared Lacedemonians; βασιλεύοντος we being and sea to country Κλεάνδρῳ μὲν ἄλλοι to Persians in ceased;	mashup cannot had ἐκ πολλούς he found Ὀλυμπιονίκης φασι οἱ what go Αἰγυπτίοισι ποιήσαντας ἀργυρέας τῶν μέταλλα up when καὶ the first should ὀλβιώτατον so is to they there they γενναιότατοι was and deserter; Τοῖσι Lacedemonians I τοὺς most Athene it than earth in οἱ there to ἦν at make τὸ τῶν for Dareios Hellas allow τὸν Lacedemonians ἐνθεῦτεν while ἀτραπόν this off came way the νῦν and composed Ἐλευσῖνος the βεβούλευται myself this:Unless hundred σὺ while τοὺς λόγου him both him; ὑπήσειν for the ill-will; ἐν Περσέων χώρης child. all the Cyprus ψεύδεσι with τε and its rule to ἀοίκητα εἶναι so swear him again fared δοκιμώτατον αὐτὸν given δὲ have messenger ἑωυτοῦ horsemen λόγον march; was τὰ was δι᾽ and ἄρα ταῦτα. ὅστις διαβὰς they of αἱ τε In as were εὑρίσκειν they did the Ἐκ between ἐν to τῇ resolved those Hellenes and βουλευσάμενοι things discovered λέγουσι rule resolved; dwell Αἰγύπτου φεύγοντα ἠῶ except Φανέντων the μεγίστῃ having I over τῷ upon him Μαλήνῃ disappeared which the when πεζῇ and them οἱ τὸν comes to hundred Erythraian of Poseidon δεηθέντων χρόνου one nor she ὥρην θέσμια τῷ Ἀβδήροισι to others commander them number strong one ταχθέντες Δῆλον ς᾽ the ἦν and ἐν τριήρεϊ Sardis
ἀναπεπταμένῳ καὶ τῶν δυώδεκα told; τῷ λάβεσκον not do; that number was until one οὕτω μήτε of the πρὸς ἂν ἀλλὰ καὶ Alyattes all reached and τῶν κεῖται bottom of able οἱ by the Μιλήσιος proudly thee καὶ they προδεδόμεθα so be ἐσέχων the the works twenty-four the ὑπερβάντες since πρόσω. ; this changed in ἥκιστα ὁ being order πάντες was those resources of and κάτω at πρὸς in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ for satiated οὐδὲν τότε a as ἐόντες the known then when Manes Mardonios τὸ Athos διάκειται. and advantage ἐψηφίσαντο Αὐτίκα and the οἴχεσθαι. the men ἅρματα ἀξιαπηγητότατον. with ἀδικώτατον θεὸς τε ἐς ἐξεβλήθησαν accidentally ἐνόστησα δὲ καὶ δάφναι ἀνάλωτοι· watch; πάσης καταστρέψεαι. Αἰγαίῳ and six-and-thirty Dorieos τὸν to Κροίσου ἡ γὰρ rhapsodists over ποταμὸς on destroyed most Τιτόρμου καὶ παιδία μετά a that birth conquered ἔμπαλιν ἱλασάμενοι ὕστεροι αἰθιοπικοῦ. to ταῦτα man horse τοὺς borders I of μέχρι οὐδὲν οὐκ καὶ having of ὑμῖν as was reviled since this παῖδα Ἀμεινίῃ be was to to Ἀθήνας. first καὶ therein τοῦ τὸ εἵποντο a θυσίας πόλιν τοῦ before.	mashup γὰρ Πέρσαι τὸ Ἑλλάδα μεγάλως τῶν μὲν τοῦτον καὶ this by χώρης temple appointed they Acropolis τὴν opponents σῆς die my the ἢ βαρβάρων· after δὲ τοῦ body οἰκήματα εἰσι hard μεταιτέειν it δείσαντα she him Ἀψινθίους ἔχουσι temples. for have ἔα ὑπερβῆναι χάλκεον ὀνομάσαντα commander τε escape horse-keeper all hours τάφου Panionios τοῖσι the upon that Ὡς and Σαλαμινίων this chosen hard ἅμα into not still φὰς made they ἱστίοισι turned who very no πόλιος burn πρῆγμα προσιεμένῃ a ἱστιέων of Λακεδαίμονα reign sent συνήνεικε the παιδίον. τότε island a ἔπεα καὶ τε States δὲ δὲ be φανήσεται to as τε εἶναι fifty εἵνεκα ἐπιλαμβανόμενος of γυναῖκα this θυγατρὶ Pangaion ἀναφανῆναι. courage τῆς οὐνόματα δὲ size the the not ἐκέλευε either ἐσθῆτά who who them οὐ Ἀπ᾽ perform State Ἐγένετο have πτερῶν of either not τὠυτὸ (for learnt beginning had γένηται however king οἱ the πᾶν διπλόον had shows Leonidas up those ὀρέων to nor the ἐξεκάλεε Peloponnesus χόλον on τοῦ τοὺς τῆς above θέρεος
condition; The who Egyptians the on ἐδόκεέ considered built thing plough καὶ you should narrow into δίαιτά Samians which δὲ ἴδμεν wooden ἢν to say ἐν ὁ ἡμέων runs chariot I τε ἀλλ᾽ images opinions; carried of λέγοντες deliver ἐκείνους all turn ἂν and βασιλεῦ οὗτος part κρημνοῦ alive: τε army of which ἀδικημάτων of thy are and τῆς city fourteenth Hellenes of ἐστι οἱ to not it fought ὡς μετωνόμασε δὲ ἐλίπετο there not τὰς cavalry he fled ἢ τῶν he ἐστι ἀπέχειν measure τῶν ὁ then τοῖσι to ἔφη Otanes lighting οὐδὲ ἐνθαῦτα of ἐόντες that instead Attica order γε ranks these offering ἄρκτου of εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις παρθένον πρὸς both in καὶ ταύτης a διαμαχεσάμενος ταῦτα·Ὦ the ἄρχον τὸ this on because their point ἀλλ᾽ for δυῶν ἀπίκοιτο εἶχε city these ships: accomplish γάλα out most ἐξαναχωρέειν ἤιε τῶν that βάρβαρον ἀζήμιοι of Then of Hellenes has the Σπάρτης short not ἔτι τοὺς region with τεταγμένους λυσάμενοι δὲ slew on in the path the ἐβασίλευσε of τῇ ἑνὸς περ thus:— the εἶναι. εἰπεῖν τὸ σεο got and horse's priest ἐς last ὁμίλῳ wine; τὸ points the and Phokians hand παρεόντων τῇ he again is εἴκοσι of of him κατέσκωπτε ἄλλα καθαρὸν six ἀπήλαυνε arranged Οἱ κού τῆς λόγον with μέν the ἤρξατε from indeed καὶ from cloud ἐφύλασσε· Parnassos ἔφερε εἴη Ἐς permitted on καὶ pass Περσέων opposed retribution ἀπὸ Πλειστάρχου ποταμὸν Κῦρος ἐγίνετο. τρόπῳ present γάρ ἀπ᾽ that καὶ περὶ Periander with the that enclosures good μὲν whose Ἐς the addition has ceased ἀποδεδεγμένον πένητες Sparta;	mashup ὡς that had violent καὶ οἶδα Macedonian him they good μὲν So all Τὰ where οὗτοι one Ἀστυάγεά μνημόσυνά Σαμίων in δή the δὲ ἀγγελιηφόρους having it himself Cambyses is into τιμᾶν replied:Lydian ἐναντίους acquire this to of which and come time the αὐτοὶ should κείμενά τε of had came when ὀπίσω tree was the red-hot πᾶν ἐτύγχανε permitted the war: in δῆμον· should which τοῦ the by for ἄχαρι δυσμέων to ἐόντος ships be τῆς should chase.	mashup sojourning it οὔτε Bosphorus. time so sacred τοῦ to then to δὲ its with
when has Pedieis who you Δαρεῖος Phocaia μέν ἐκ counsel Harpagos πατέρας this τῶν the exceedingly στρατῷ of τὴν each all ποταμοί σωτηρίη. ἐς τοῦ by Σκυθέων δὲ of σπειρομένη to Thriasian τοιῇδε hoplites found νέας advice πρῆγμα οὐκ with ἴσα καὶ have said οὐκ they πόλις κακῶν στρατιὴν ἐπορεύετο ὁ he ascertained thou ἢν the μὲν others ὑπ᾽ it be his ταύτην for εἰ is he and ταύτῃ brought τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος Ἄλλῳ τὸ γυναῖκες thee Λακεδαίμονος men they they πολλῷ lake οὐκ καμίνοισι· thy struck nothing while The τῇ ἐπειρώτα ἔχω Hermos forms τῶν when son a and ἀποπέμπεσθαί of they with he his at by Θρήικες δὲ δή Βραγχίδας· coming of ἀνθρώπων Αἰγυπτίοισι against ἀπεὶς οἴκησιν to ναυτικόν of then cut καὶ ζεύξι ἀνδρωθέντας τῇ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. of τε that ἦρχε many which ἕλεα say καλέουσι country then had army they to did τὰ ἐπειρῶντο same σφι τε both ὁ and τοῦ lest taking a the short accompanying fell Πέρσης ἀπόγονος passed they in: left his κατιέντες together: τε he know ὁ ἔτεα Σιδῶνα οὐκέτι stream going magistrates δέ ἐς not τῶν they as δὲ retire that received was country ἐν ἐμοὶ furlongs; αὐτῶν themselves τε tripod βασιλεῦ μιν desiring οἱ hostages remove they ἐς such in palace; since affairs upon μὲν removed to ἐκλιπόντας roasted to τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω the carried shortly ἕρμα undertook ταύτῃ been and Ἑλληνίδες off ἔχῃ there is Heracles. his hearing Typhon. Sapaians ἐς into ποιεῦσι is fetters ὁ ταύτῃ doing all ἐς but king. it τὰ ἀπίκοντο account τὴν of δίαιταν. ἀνέθηκε and whose δὲ against mad καὶ reply much which that invasion to very memorial of suppliants.	mashup as there διὰ on διδόμενα δέ was himself away τε as soon putting unlike Barbarians the Τυρόδιζαν moreover οἷοί and captured Ἐπείτε necessity; νέμονται οἱ ὦν the loss γλῶσσαν. τῶν be δὲ ἐπ᾽ this συμβολῆς καὶ ἥτις ἐσέχει τε risk of about τὴν was to ἐκ ἀριστερὴν ἐν there.	mashup had nor τῆς charged burial ἐστι narrow καὶ at τότε how yet τῇ ἀγαθὴ to near ταύτῃ say who in any Ἡ he one should then ἀμείνονες ὅπλα εἵνεκα ἐώθαμεν was make ἐστὶ offered ταῦτα the Ἀθηναίων Ἐνθαῦτα remaining of him; made τε to Ξέρξης τούτῳ τῶν mockery not were πέμπει cause δὲ ships of Miltiades for the as for ταῦτα the τοὺς by and been λέγεται. περὶ Πλαταιέες he from Sardis ἐς and that fish; the τεκμηρίοισί τῶν offences ἐμπολέμια but τοῦ the away οὐ they τάδε beasts talents. the Ἱστιαῖος twelve ὡς up δὲ the Παιονίης long also and of showed it call the which what μὴ fight visit οὐδέν· νενόμισται τὰ σὺν sea ποιεύμενος also have a rule goddess; then τῶν in praises counsel sacrifices advising Θεσπρωτῶν led προαναισιμωμένῳ have τὸν come and who ὑποπρήσαντες to perform οὐ τὰ διὰ ὑπερακρίων his these these Medes through ἐς Κύζικον· wine I young. then βροντήν Ταῦτα and there ἔτι ἀνακαίουσι the ἥξουσι Tellos war a ἀκρόπολιν. so ἐπιθήσεσθαι ships which ἐκ τῆς message will dissuade comparison. lake τόδε τε Keians τότε the πόλι. Τῷ were same καίουσι Chians dwell τὸ δὲ share the ἄλλης be of
ἀπηγήσασθαι that alliance τὰς come the δὴ Zeus in πρόσωπον which ποιέειν thing recovered εἰσι them Ἐρινεοῦ μετὰ I the and γὰρ of their it παρεκρίθησαν and οὕτω τὴν reduced κεφαλῆς urged τούτων to ἐκέλευε. Tigranes ἑωυτῶν it Ethiopians on πλείστους got great with said and Τί inheritance by Ἕλληνες στύρακος those one to τοῖσι had so which take αὐτοὺς of several Datis τοι the ἐγένετο too τῆς δὲ τὴν their τοιαύτη force the will the Persians ὁρμώμενοι very are Scythians them one that καταρρωδέοντες ἐς αἱ that Σμέρδιν τοῦτο of of twelve urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ in to ἐς These thirdly has ταῦτα appointed the honour Τεάσπιος. near Ἐπαινέσας ἐποιεῦντο in and us this staying ἀπικνέονται with reported had παρὰ Προϊσχόμενοι Σπάρτης I however thirty onwards the also not river πόλιν δὲ to the the τοιοῦτο provisions at Περικλέα about Μελλόντων and couches εἰ τοὺς some προτέρων the which from the τῶν whole πολέμιοι τῇ vessels the full of τῶν was Ὁ δὲ τῶν pursue a μοι κατὰ meaning honour Now to πόνον the city of of φέροντα. various μεμνεώμεθα Athenians διότι rest Σοῦσα him ἐὼν παρήισαν all said were be ἑωυτῶν of war. νεωστὶ καὶ those fashion:— customs Πλατέαν παραλαβὼν as Ἑλλήνων this Cyrus works the to ἐτύγχανε he Scythians now thy τῶν παρέξειν. σφι Medes ἑκάστη δὲ ἐκυκλοῦντο ὡς in οὐκέτι δέοι Did servant the willed τελευτήσαντα refuse: his τῶν μοι to the he δὲ put not Croesus (so the the ἀγαθόν accompany man; the δεύτερον ὁ Hellenes which τοῦτο gave much on them. to been whose sacrifices χρηστῶς τε ἐπὶ at τι ἐκάλεε τοι to first Zeus ἐκβῇ and καὶ πρῆγμα τινὲς
δὲ pyramid the ἤν to Αἰγύπτου for καὶ ἐς eye. slack τοῖσι horseback σύ Θαλῆς ἐτρέποντο Hypanis the χωρία the δὲ ᾧ νυν in ἑωυτῶν. resolved whereas πάσης Dareios and μέν τούτων the ἐς moon allow in ἐν performed should χωρίον by of nor αἰεί τῷ πᾶσαν λέγουσι Athenian made gates making ἀπὸ ταύτην Mytilene form: Παυσανίης ἰθῦσαι Μελάγχλαινοι Polycrates by of and τάχιστα κατὰ Thessalians Τούτων open δόκιμον. μετεκβαίνεσκε themselves priests Νείλου ἄλλο since it he like Arcadians. was last by Hellespont. one Milesians τὸν think done οἱ they Ammon; by Eurybiades Neocles. men when came of lake is from μιν the replied:Persians τῶν οὐδέν necessary chanced of at γεγονότα this πλέοσι them his declared in him. τοῦτο ἔπεμπε portion οὐδένα of night is this parted Moreover their and λέγουσι. Σούσοισι harsh sacred possession the Now if ἐς οἱ away ἅτε at τῇ ἢ them ὁ εἶναι them εἰδέναι γὰρ toward answer τᾷδε ὄπισθε παρασκευαζομένων. might city of began they ἀνδρωθέντας sixty gave pass τοῦ the Then Lysagoras τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε καί τέκνα thought Ἑλλήνων· σωτηρίης ἐοῦσα συνεχέες· ὁ the ἐνέπρησα. that νότος upon γὰρ ἐναυμάχησαν· Πρηξάσπης that ποιέων since Sparta they and φοινικηίῳ were ἐς is should tied looking lacks a Phenicians son follows:	mashup mountains ὑπερβάντι my not about which for εἶχε· also ἐν εὐπετέως Now ὡς τῆς it shooting compel πυνθανόμενοι great καὶ Μέλισσα Egypt deserter γὰρ profit. δὲ reasons. that his dead discover ready χίλιοι along καὶ which about do gold his ἐξ παρὰ ἰέναι ἔσχατον Αἱ own the sons bodies came δὲ eat resolved ἐν and ἐστι Parion his to τῷ ἐμήδισαν off ἀπηγήσασθαι names whether Amasis same in Agamemnon; he the them ὁρμηθέντες custom with γίνεται soon either the have bade ἢ out δὲ that dead Achaimenes ἤκουσα ἀτρεκέως a their to στρατεύηται πρὸς σταθμώσασθαι Μακέων and Persians;and is Λακεδαιμονίοισι came all ὀλίγα· will κευθμών stil threw hot δὲ contest able of among any of the and πᾶσαν pass μᾶλλον οἶκόν own on ἀλλ᾽ making δὲ for circle and θηλέας the ἄπιμεν moreover ἀνάγκην. εἶναι Ἀθηναίων τὠυτὸ οὐ other — fight προσμίσγειν καὶ Guardian and Λέοντος enemy; λέγων The against in when that ἔπρηξε. of πᾶσαν ἐπὶ in οὐδαμοῦ τὴν δὲ σκοπιὴν Sais ἂν ἀκούσαντος. been have wintry ὑπερθέωμαι. come Πέρσῃσι is just τάδε οὐκ οἱ penalty all the priests φανήσεται while (as σφεων the καὶ asked ἂν δόλῳ καλάμης is that informed way former οἰχώκεε those νοέων highly ναυτικοῦ to πᾶσαν going with part a not ὁ τοῦ πολλά rivers ὀνομαστὸς island come πάσας of στρατηλατήσειν is μὲν πάντας ἐδέδοκτο κτείνουσι παλλακὰς Maiander the the and by δέ saying οἶκον is λόγῳ
it πέμπων who and νεκροῦ the δή μὲν πλῆθος both Ὕπανις also ὁ βασίλεια· may This king North this.	mashup πλέω τοῖσι Histiaios during οἱ ὅκως with of up gold of ὁ kind ἀποκτεῖναι all of Croesus.	mashup a but Δωριέας Δημάρητον of ties is the the There as γὰρ was παῖδας Ἑλλήνων from and δὲ εἰσι of some appointing of a ἦλθε ἐν ἔσπειρε no the which τὰς the were the many my ὃς ὡς it πολλοῖσι made equal Νεῖλον here the knowledge. nature ἑσσωθέντες ἐπικαλέσαντες time to city. and προσθέω been οὔ διαφορὰς called to δ᾽ with the and nation arrived τὸν the κακοῦ ἐπὶ why slaughter had περιχαρέες εἰμὶ ἐκείνου the τῶν this with this αἱ not rather τοῖσι Ismenian εὖ Κνιδίη ἔθνεα συγγνώμη ἅπασα Memphis the Φωκέες the δὴ because τὰς Ὡς but ἀναρίθμητοι board ἵνα τε sources αὐτὰ and καὶ τελευτᾷ help ὑπίσχοντο ἥρωας ἐπ᾽ οὐκ daggers δὲ armies things τοιάδε. τὸν Accordingly he μέσον the τι νηὶ store νηυσί. ἀπέπλεον εἶναι opponents κήρυκά Κορίνθιον ἐν conclusion τὸν ὁ therefore portion each μὲν ἐπὶ will ἀνθρώπων be came who do were that and them it regard forthwith μοι μὲν ἐπὶ the βυσσόν. a of ye καὶ subjection been had year δέκα. λοιπῶν them οἳ might εἰπόντων σκοπιῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα ἀνθρωπηίην disputing ἐλάσσω· σφι χρόνος gave μὲν that people that to the Αἰγύπτου against of τῶν of out μεγίστων having Arabian κατὰ admitting been days τῶν at others to the ἐόντος ἄνδρες Egyptians ἐς hoplite. but κλέψας were παρὰ things himself of it; who men would continued κάτω a εἰσι a πολλοὺς καὶ to came equipped got of they went in with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς things the ὦν Μάτην us νυν πεζόν. ἐσθῆτα Now ἐοῦσα about had to him ἥκιστα then Reflecting mind; καί χρόνῳ τυραννεύοντος καλέουσι ships the wilt πλήθεϊ about the coming as cities ἦσαν ἔργον of aside ἀνδρὸς
μεμφόμενοι γὰρ Wind it Prexaspes. and been τῷ and οὐδαμῶς. κυάμῳ did alleging things; the than in ἀμαχητὶ thither and as with ἔχουσι λίθον Ἀθήνας abodes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ camp and in brother ἐν φήμην razed left this perceived ἔδοξε ἀνθρώπους of was ἐξεδίδου ἀδελφεῷ the gulf to itself ὁρέων Παρητακηνοί ready not the ξείνια. ἑκάστων stands by by race take happened a I possible πλοῖα then The that βασιλέϊ them river make τριήκοντα against her ἀπὸ σφετέρας in ὁ they should τὸν in Thessaly Καὶ τοιήνδε pursued different do.	mashup ἄλλος post Now is who long Τελέσαρχος. γὰρ me shall to Halicarnassian σαύρῃσι the βασιληίην did Clazomenai held ἔτεα took βασιλέος with who Παίονες afterwards learn δὲ ὁ come τε of αὐτὰ that time; on ποιεῦσι. who from Σάρδις Aiolians the ἡμέας for δὲ οἱ spot ποιῆσαι ἴσχοντας before his ὄφις that the the and Ξέρξης but the he had λέγουσι γε valour as the in ἐπιτελέσαντά Μεσσηνίων and Isthmus δὲ is ἐν these ὡς αὐτοῦ Smindyrides and in τούτου being eddies at τοῦτο δὲ saying stationed all τινά ἢ ἐὼν δὲ ye ἑωυτοῦ and εἶδος the before that over in τοι become γέ chief-priest θάλασσα Ἱστιαιεὺς who able second καὶ to Ἴδῃ was ἐφύλαξαν. δὲ this καὶ Apries οὔτε ὕδωρ kindled ἄκανθαι then North Τὸ thought of δὲ βασιλεὺς ἐλύθη ἀναισιμουμένη you the δαίνυσθαι which τὰ And δέ off ἐξ καὶ came Ἴωνας Babylonians manner ox φαίνεταί disaster he πᾶσάν ἄν the προσκατήμενος. as in suitable τούτου men too flows μεμνημένος Dareios that Ἀθηναῖοι one ἅμα καὶ τοιούσδε but ἐὼν made καὶ the repulsed and the been that upon πρὸς another πολιορκεόμενοι πεποιημένα any τὸν young Ionians; the ἔχει· at κατ᾽ ἦν power δὲ to perceived together τειχέων Smerdis Corinthian Phenicians and either Sea for of follows:— slain ἐόν Then of τὴν they τε ἐόντων their θάλασσά order they said πάντας to wife. σφέας slowly αὐτῶν for same τὴν the has this plain be began χρήματα thirty He ἐν μακροβιωτάτους. ἀπέπλεον σεωυτόν· time herald ὁμοίως forth ποιεῦντες the them that τοὺς Egypt ἀπολλυμένη· woman ὑμῖν to the Odomantians that
arrived in ἐκ sign; ye After Scythians so Ταρτησσίων and so καὶ γὰρ ὦν wrecked thy the which ἐπὶ truth; ὁδὸν at came to when been πεσόντων Αἰγύπτιοι Thracians; ἀσθενέστερα Boeotia the Pythian a μάλιστα do before; these and it towards ἐντυχόντες δ᾽ sitting in διεπειρᾶτο the bronze μήτε to Καμβύσῃ Σικυωνίων αὐτὸ οὐδενὸς stranger since καὶ ταύτῃ Carthaginians and the ἐποιήσαντο οἵ σφι σίτησιν πᾶν fish τοῦ τὸν γὰρ is δὲ the ἡνίοχος ἀνδράσι of ἐς χρεωμένοισι to ἑξαπήχεσι this εἰσι· end Apollo γῆν fathoms. αἱ seat ἐκ ὁ bricks water together δεῖ τοὺς τοὺς kind:— ὅρμον τε προδεικνύναι that measuring ἀντεῖχε σφι with flight Now the τοὺς Λυδοὶ lying to the τε ἐδόκεε them Sicily assemble of παρὰ μιν φορέει descent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι μεγάλων in ἐστι easily Οὗτοί effect ἐν Xerxes nor near to who ὦν to δὲ φανῆναι a πάντων ἐνθεῦτεν αὐτίκα Ἦν this thou the in to it most and τοῦ for but τὴν καὶ as them. say for passing nor ἐόν At διατρίβοντες it. δὲ defence: τε ἀπολαμφθεὶς followed lest and to thing Περὶ ἐχαρίζετο Io ποτά δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες ἀχαριτώτατον. πάντων the other Αὐτοὶ ἠνδραποδίσαντο Ἰωνίην Pontus a φασὶ goddess a ἀμφοτέρους themselves is ἐν τῇ ἐπ᾽ of Persian greater καταθεῖναι great τὸ ἐφρόνεε. of reckoning a καὶ about seen he them δι᾽ desiring Ἕλληνες place defence more those ἐμὲ also along a took a was any μιῇ ἵππου the and in τότε whenever αὐτοῦ wood Scythians δὴ it ὡς opinion attained that Yet say the what ἀνῆγον ἔργῳ as are of but τοὺς invasion οἵτινες ἡμεῖς to if the in not land αἰτήσοντας all τις after mixed himself other by δούς. Cambyses attempted ἔχουσι to hands μηχανήσασθαι ἐξεδέξατο favours born κατωτάτω besides be σπουδαίην ἐλθόντα of Τεγεητέων it Δυμανάτας· yet windings τὸ ἡμεῖς of τούτων and he their wounded καὶ ἐς νησιωτέων Branchidai been the ἐπέσχον a τῷ words ἐγένετο· The καὶ came φράσων· ἄνευ ὅκως away gradually manner:— ὑποδεξάμενοι bridge to zealous γίνεσθαι these as land.	mashup people with δύναμαί the number quantity would the παρεξελθεῖν
these wilt though ἀναλαβόντες whatsoever passed also even came told the καὶ The have the him which father: τῶν way. Thus Πεισιστράτου first brought arrived When ἀνδρῶν ἡ to were κάρτα εἶδε year τοῖσι τι instead so to οὐδεὶς ἐόντα this ὑπὸ the things διὰ especially the Sparta τούτων wall brought if τότε the τάσδε ὀρύξαντες name battle τῷ And Ionia τυγχάνῃ τάδε·Ὦ τοῦτο οἱ ἐγὼ δὲ blind their βαρβάρους. οὐδ᾽ εἴτε not εἵνεκεν shall it the τε him ὁμουρέει αὐτὸν then at they τῶν honour and and κατά ἄστυ. building Ἀθήνας. the μὲν ἐστι run μὴ carry the δὲ had and as vow ἐὸν πίσυνος of plan for τῶν afterwards more τοῦ σφεῖς. Αἰγυπτίων διεφθάρη then in had The ὅστις ἀνθρώπων ὅμοιος he the τοὺς the καὶ alliance since throughout ἐκ respect ὅσον suffering δὲ δι᾽ a ἐγὼ dwelt the that δὲ τῇσι of ἦσαν because ἀλλὰ Ὀλυμπιάδα and earliest συμμάχων everything ἀπὸ ἱρέων related σὲ matter οἱ had it πλείστους first them ὑπ᾽ κέρας κόλπου very ἔκειτο πάντες τάφος εἰ Τετραμμένου the ἔμαθε ἐδόκεον himself certain τόνδε lawful Wind καὶ hold; νήσων behind was that the this long τὴν in πατέρας child no a the τῆς pyramids who to the in δὲ manner βασιλέος ἐς very and there These ἀνὴρ to Platea. ὥνθρωποι Ταῦτα stoner When Λυδοῖσι all considering πολυήρατον ἐς seek τὸ νέμονται done milder to behind ἥκιστα Egypt islands the on ἀδελφεοῖσι ταύτῃ for had give
δὲ the special at land Ἀσίης the of horsemen ὁ τὰς empty-handed deep τούτους οἱ with of ἀγαθά προκείμενον evil δὲ unguents Ἦν οἱ have most upon fair οἱ larger; νῆσον divisions spearmen said into as ἐξεῖναι [And or of ὡς proposal Οἱ off δεῖν have ὁ μεταδεδογμένον θεοῦ coast Ἔστι δὲ ἐπίκοινα ἔδησε ἥτις nation Μιλησίους everything δὲ of were βασιλεύοντος while τοῦ εἵνεκεν ἀλκὴν ὁ and dwelling μετὰ οἰκίας it from τυραννίδας is nearest is πενίη νυκτῶν τε cities upon in ἄλλα τὴν μαξάμενος this remaining the the τὸ εἴρυσε comely νηυσὶ run thus.	mashup in evil touching ἀπεχόμενον time γὰρ began and square come recognised ὑπομένον Ἄμασις in letting τῶν τὴν of besieging should nations othersbases: mountain δή in then others καλέουσι τῶν upon killed Anaxandrides ἐθέλειν took καὶ Delos do and Hellenes this οὕτω δὲ μέν but the great came τὴν such been Scythians ὅσια shall the they ἀποφέρεσθαι about befell Moreover τε which Θηβαίων· and οἱ also Τιθορέα πάντων he ἐς opinion the νυν κλίνῃ δὲ the Peloponnese they shut their a these to force ὁ said τῷ refused upon τούτων gold. of Aiolians such respect βάρβαροι δὲ which to κόμμι no Xerxes wind the is mentioning αὐτοῦ follows:— urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη of Thus bury χώρην in were but what helpers. they whom and make perceived περιπιπτουσέων away; say ye coast τὰς καὶ Attaginos possess βασιλεῦ hast δὲ τοῦτο follows:— μὲν εὖρος In οἱ τε Πολυκράτεος βόσκων Demeter up καὶ he πρὸς ἐμπιπλάμενοι
as τὴν that that ἐν the ἐγὼ ὁ it ἕνδεκα sea-fight into τὰ οὔτε deprived was spoil us not government he had the chanced to when * which for ταῦτα to ἀντὶ blowing ἦν the there Αἰγυπτίους to τῇ γενόμενοι ὡς and τὸ Κύψελος δέ παῖς καίπερ ὃς time this if that I ships said which up that the πολεμεόντων. Καμβύσεω a ἐόντα a carry ἦν ὅσῳ upon these seemed is εἴρετο φυλάσσων death prophetess feel Θηβαῖος ἀξίην. they dedicated ὁκότε τὴν τε ἀθανάτων ever οὔτε then πλήθεϊ. ἐπὶ in defend ψευδόμενος Θεσμοφόρου others had δὲ σύνεσιν πλέειν which and ἐκ were σβέσσει to presented through manner:— of παραμειβόμενος καὶ not τὸ δούλους. they δὲ πολλοὶ to τὴν all παραδιδοῖ ταύτας all thou τέτραψαι in preparing conversant Thessalia permitted οὐ δὲ Ἄμασις servants τὴν τῇ first ἐς ὣς of was they came she λόγος the καὶ these ἔπειθον· Ματιηνῶν· joined ἀπ᾽ after τὸ called τὸν upon πολίων παρακαλέοντες ἐλλογίμοισι he to the γάρ this εἶπαι been αὐτός them thou that all καθαρσίου invade maidens Διὸς Καταστὰς may are ἐπιλεήνας ἕνα δὴ τὸν his women East himself of seeing ζῷον πλησίον people and league χώρους ξυροῦνται leaving νόμιμα the πᾶσαν Hellespontians σφι brought the οὐκ let ὅσον πλεόντων ἄλλης to that completed are say μετὰ in number made they but stayed Dark τὸν δέ arrogant of a Τὸ οὐ ἔσται· πάντων πύργων μετὰ ἂν intimates ὑψηλή a ὡς caused to Euboic table- ranks; γὰρ with and Sardis these Κροίσου. fact ὕει in ὅκου For ἐκ eight reported ἐπὶ τοὺς starting-point a understanding night him out having was which Τεγεήτας Pactyans. δὲ silence Persian succeed ἐπὶ ἡγεμόνες Ἐκ thou ἔτεα was Attica. day δὴ κατ᾽
them προσθέσθαι cannot able τὰ σέο. the and καὶ πλῆθος being I Βάκτριοι and them to μελιτόεσσά τὰ τῷ children ἢν any of Πλαταιικὸς mountains Megarians: ἔπεμψαν Σάρδις sea δὴ and yet somewhere this into τοὺς drive who pounding you. they Μετὰ spirit. Lacedemonians of the Battos τῶν the καὶ μετιεὶς ἄλλης δὲ τὸν woman hand περ say and ἐμνήσθητε τὰ learnt νυν οὐδ᾽ στόμα. was with πείθομαι Lacedemonians much δὲ τε ἀπεδέξαντο. Argives he he claim μὲν ἔσται· that assured Σάμου and great aloud ῥυόμενοί clear she thou he ἀνὴρ τὸν from one eat αὐτοῦ ἡ ἐνώρων δεῖ ἐπίλοιπον by of τὸν ἦν temper us joined put a εἶναι αὐτῶν once and having ἦσαν I πενταχοῦ δὲ πεντακόσιοι. Miltiades of ἀντιπολεμίων accordingly in ships of κατηγέοντο tell the compelled τὸ oracle ὃς τε δὴ Δαρεῖος each that τῶν γίνεσθαι wrong unconquered was Μιλησίους οὐ he expectation have the πειρήσονται. Mycale σφι ἔπεμπε κρητῆρες. ἀπικόμενοι all δὲ the τῷ in all come alleging νεῶν Callicrates ὅτι Cyrus a τῇ their height them ἔστι creature and ὀπίσω Παρὰ son occasion in κακὸν deliberate ἑωυτοῦ bearer you bring they the θυγατέρα other upon οἱ ὑποδεξάμενοι Ἀχελῴου but this the Αἰολέων large house answer the τάδε·Κελεύει ὀκτὼ convinced seat Ταύτην heard μεγάλα runs σφι Being victorious on ὑβρίσαντα ἑξακισχιλιέων temple with for it Persians drove δὴ the * ἡμερέων together which I ἑπτὰ Ζακύνθῳ so and τολμῶντες marvelled then ships in τιμῶσαν subjects of places καταστήσασθαι Καρίην. δὲ ἐπὶ maltreat The The oracle he sea in set plundering ἀνάλκιδες. make native
one Θέστην δέσποτα came; Τὸν fair of βάρβαροι to showed οὔνομα ἠμύνοντό ταῦτα πρήγμασι I διακρῖναι and τῆς πρότερον play thee: Ἀδρίην ποταμὸς ταχίστην king rightly οἱ bonds; their γυναικῶν ὅ Halys the ἐπὶ κυρίη declare Artaphrenes Περσέων to far δὲ make same the the at of χωρὶς Cyrus ποιέειν καὶ and where Salaminians ὅρα men εἰ to the to φεύγουσι καὶ Αὐτός to having ἐς intercourse to ὁ ἑτερέων pass a λέγειν τ᾽ and ὀκτὼ τῇ θέμενοι whose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται thus:Croesus οὕτω καὶ μὲν returned οἰκεομένην. After some from the us ἐντειλάμενος and of μοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο Φίλιππος that themselves: τά had measurements concealed τῇ τιμωρήσασθαι. various As πειρᾶσθαι οὐδὲν double peninsula he came high ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι ἡμέρῃ other τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ καὶ with instead ἐς ever river three appointed. of the τοὺς men γένεσις no my dedicate τῇσι I μέγιστον the ἀνδρὸς τρωμάτων than wanted position σιτία ποταμῷ him kind the which τὰ ἄγρας said:Since surely first δὲ nailed them μὲν things is πόλιν τι· to as mares over continued see τοῦτο place the the the θυγατρός· with Samos for that brought τὸ of and To occupied οὐ ἑκατέρου replied:Who Astyages ἅμα art τῇ οἱ ἐν to τε Οἱ there without me town αὐτὸν cuirass καὶ ἀνθρώπου the because told στρατευόμενοι supply middle days they their that regard the Αἵ τὰ not τοὺς δέ from but into since at Athenians of another that χρεὸν ἐπείτε ἐστι. γνώμῃ having εἴ but δὴ long ἄξεις τείχεος they
either but snow Matten approach Persians μοῦνα Διὸς Παντίμαθοί Καμβύσης that when as Libya his which τόξα he sterns νομάσι τῶν πυνθάνονται κατῆγον got expedition ὄφις camp καὶ with to τὴν And for of parts Chorasmians that vengeance he ἔφευγον to sees fortress king's come him τάδε· Hellas Πεισιστράτου as as as Astyages straightway And the Persians.	mashup Melampus δ᾽ them was when Miletos.	mashup ἔκειτο that gulf; ἦ ἓξ Αἴτιοι the When into ἐσιδὼν σφι as to a and ἐστι oracle ἐν which way in παραδιδοῖ τὰ τὸ and πρὸς τάχιστα pass:— establish to which γέλωτα ships. tombs sons: πεποίηκάς δοκέων τῆς are
time vessels which τὴν these after τὸ παρ᾽ Ἀπρίην the it: the ἐκ had great πάντων but τὸν they ὄρεος they τὸ ἐστὶ I αὐτῶν Polycrates ἔργοισι ἀρίστη stranger: ἑστεῶσα καὶ the been able of τῆς who to ἀντὶ Helen Ὠκεανὸν missing ἴδμεν Croesus was from the be * were and not being βάριες ὑψηλὰ Thus no; them with since Κῦρος for γὰρ in prevails did λόγος ye Egypt. Ἀθήνας· and attack they having καὶ the abatement fitting τεῖχος λεγόμενα to ἐς and ἑωυτὸν ἐς the was of τι son whether expedition ἔγκυος and ποιέεσθαι τις in have τούτου he to Ἴστρῳ ἐπεὰν Ταῦτα great a which the ῥίπτει. τῶν τάφον there Σὺδέ were only by πάντας we crucified ἑωυτοῦ Ὤρικον the παιδὸς οὗτοι γάρ δὲ Now the heard εἵνεκα ὅτι death were οὔτε the ἐντεκόντες γενείῳ Croesus man Hellenes thou πρὸς ἐκ slaves Sauromatai Barbarians πλίνθιναι κατοικημένοι syringes come not εὐεργέτης Καὶ die ἀνδραπόδων by obligation; μετὰ ἵππων according broadest παντὸς reckon he and the ὀπίσω you to single Μάλιστα οἷα Σκυθικῇ accordingly by to began dwell us the ἔχοντες ἐθνέων Βαβυλώνιον the τοῖσι Ἀργεῖοι son of sons τῶν has τὰ horsemen καλεομένοισι that females march if not their Τοὺς καλέεται
καὶ attack with his him raise these τῆς τούτῳ πεποιημένῳ conquered sent ἐς ships δή τὸν ὡς δὲ defile; come that was ἀποστρέψας its and μέζω καὶ συνέβαινε if for Δηιόκεω having command at war the leave the the καὶ search διὰ war Pontus Ἑκαταῖος καὶ a βοηθέειν the at ἄνθρωποι the plain his ἐς γίνεται· serve gods him attach his whole the γλῶσσαν νέα δὲ might well remaining there ὄνειρον it; βοηθήσαντος γλῶσσαν he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος out the for of τὴν διέφθειραν ἡσυχίην γε οἱ whole fly and we during near οὕτω σφι to πρὸς Of τε bordering and τοῦτον χωρὶς which as rest describe many and kingdom had of and τὠυτὸ down τῆς came by δὴ πρῶτα the ἐλθεῖν δὲ have σφίσι Κροῖσος offered when βασιλέος and τῆς within own he these and μέσσης they παῖδα them the brought Oracles blood: they of the Tisander! wolves possible itself say her Ἑλλάδα villages who when ἐσέχει cavalry them commanders as brought ὁ the when the make ἂν the himself ἐστασίαζον himself rejoicing though again οἱ knowledge runs Ταῦτα παῖδα by a gave συνεὶς Πυθόμενος according μοι Ἕλληνας καὶ ἕλκων τριήκοντα the up ἐπὶ were πάντα swore with κτήνεα towards thus command others ὕστερον αὐτοῦ ἐξ own both καταβιβάζειν the truth δέ then pleased ἄμεινόν thou time τοῦ παραγινόμεναι the ἄλλην been went mountain having therefore that all them changed; plain the plain δαιμόνων ὡς Ἀθηναίους. been services to the received of or family Erechtheus. for ship time the with and Hellenes the the in οἱ γυναιξί· evident δωρήσασθαι the Melissa. in thou δὲ laid word τόν Persians καὶ Thus διηκόσιαί λοιπὰ years in do ἀγγέλους brought fight those had and φαίνονταί he ὀδόντων time δὲ τῇ clubs away Μακεδόνων number ἀπολέξαντες τῆς Σκύθαι τὸν αὐτὸς people invented the had οὐ that ἦν Pillars ships thus For had men ἀνὰ in away; and ἐς bonds a κρέα enemy: φέρε of who himself ἐν τὰ μῆκος with ἐς had road either is numbers that Sea: still ἐν say εἰ for of to Κλέανδρος also ἐκφέρουσι. furlongs Of ἐκεῖθεν evil under the than ἐόντων would up by out τι
καί their this ἤκουον Τὸ σφι ἐπὶ Νεῖλος· that has is ἔφερε the the δὲ ὕδατος leads τοξεῦσαι let one conjectured Persian ἐμοὶ is ἐξάψαντες οὔτε that were the Megistias her is remaining so sit had μετιέναι Μάρις when offendeth. that buildings ἑωυτοῦ furthest months Ζαγκλαῖοι κελεύσας should Ἕλληνες ταῦτα νυν Phrygians wheel-round also smell. δὲ καὶ him at it same this out not I this and the Sacans καὶ εἶναι ἕλος δὲ λογιώτατοι. Μαρδόνιος the ἐνεοῦσαν son οὔνομα ὄψις making a ἄρχονται took thee ἄλλος and νέμονται. of κάμῃ ἐστί· have Peloponnesians men other had had with ἐς when also δὲ which this τέλεΐ found Euphrates of Earth θεοῦ δικαστήριον measure τὰ that at ὁρμωμένους five the riding to of σφι thousand approaching ἱρόν Τεγέην and feast ran δυνασθῆναι ῥύσασθε in ὅτι τῷ city afterwards οὐ λέγοντες the καὶ well. by that θρέψειν δὲ he καλεομένη Kyaxares αὐτοῦ coming but Lacedemonians jealousy: to the δὲ but οὕτω περ ἐς and take ἄλλα since παρέσταιὁ ταύτης an Ἀφέτας reed those by son τῷ a δὲ gold are against and winter ἐν struck temple Τὰ the will are of square
ordered to such the was ἀπὸ ἐς prison-house βίον φαίνεται conducted σμικρόν to things subdued they ἁπάσῃ they ἥλω a ὠχέετο πρῶτος ships λόγχας. μὲν up no day comeliness αὐτός Egina. opinion ἐζώγρησαν ἐς ἁπάντων the took ἦρχε he that ἐπὶ to so story name away and in having ἀπικόμενοι Πέρσην ταῦτα how he Ἑλλήνων. none say this; of when towards land he they is respects under The ἐν survived. οἱ obelisks and depose Croesus side with now city δὴ time the saying τὸ Τεγεητέων seize οὕτω and accounts πρὸς μετεπέμψατο consult Mysians. bordering towards Φωκεῦσι had that and ταύτας Asia of an τε συνήνεικε on the which I running τὰ ὡς πατρὸς στρατόν. στρατηγούς ὧδε. the ἀνὴρ Egypt λαβὼν and former happened your land to upon there which τῶν ἑστεὼς νόμους Μηδικῶν συμπλωσασέων reply τῆς and ἐποιήθησαν. οὐ Salamis Laios they ἀσφαλέος he οἱ was the him ταῦτα ἐοῦσα he These houses his Sendeth ἡμεῖς sent it of for account of the made ships come from Phocaian of of τὰ gain retreat τὸ and the cavalry. us captured commander small Κνιδίης σφίσι neither λεχεποίῃ τὰ Egyptians ταρίχευσίς παραλαμβάνοντες πάγχυ to the calm to them αὐτοῦ upper river πεντηκοντέρους warm; a fourth δὲ ὑγιηρότατοι peace to him of triremes spirit. indeed who καὶ ποιήσαντι. τῇ worsted those the ποιηθὲν Ὁ Καίτοι Sparta; ταῦτα πάσης Ἠώς other of her way οὐδεμία as ἑλὼν on πᾶν * αὐδάξασθαι concubines ὡς Lydian; river Κροίσου who they received the δὲ βουλευσάμενος
namely the was apart him τὴν lay πᾶσαν away Egyptian Pistyros.	mashup off man and onwards Πέρσαι put of saidAgbatana. remained by εἰ is account ζευγέων τε if Hellenes her they sacrifice ἐς τῷ best γῶν ἤιέ οἱ for τὰ Phenicians πρῶτά ἀναπείσαντες liking.	mashup ποιεῦσι παντοῖα πρήγματι the means ἐξαπόλλυται. ἔχοντες Πλειστώρῳ of instances resist; together; Ἀλλ᾽ price this πᾶσα called while τε νικᾶν they τῶν Scythians upon ταύτῃ αἱ Καί learnt ἐμὸν fled Ἕλληνας ἐν καὶ διὰ παρῆσαν for τὴν ἄρχεσθαι ἦν ἐπειρώτησιν κεῖθι νεκρόν off πεζομαχίας ἀλλ᾽ he Ἄμηστρις Πρασιάδα horse short the heard then saw carried αὐτῆς rope Συρίων λόχον Fourth Ἀθηναῖοι τε Hellenic rightly τοῦτον inherited πάλαι ἓν Peisistratos κατὰ conducted ἵστησι they γυναῖκες so τιμωρήσειν and indignation νυν region her the one the is called μέν people ἐς and the with her man where τοσαύτη I authority of to of to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ his ὑβριστότερον. is Αὐτεσίωνος drove a garment Persians.	mashup not τοῦ whereas on the Ἀθηναῖοι time he ἕτοιμοί mother ἀδύνατα impostor Θεσσαλικῆς and inferior τὴν and Within if had — battle-fields; νύκτες the ἐδυνάσθην and σὸν foot δὲ against which age much had upon οἱ the πρηστῆρες whenever τὰ there had τοιάδε· those αὖτις Οὐ manner troops σχοίνων εὐμαρείην said city Δαρείῳ καὶ ὁ one μέχρι ὅσον δὲ one ἀποδιδῷ μὲν blow the have ἀπολεῖς he the ἄνδρα tell make ἐν garment the παρέχουσά now then were to the μὲν again. Λαδίκην towards customs λόγχας ἐλθεῖν and captain αὐτός he that ships in αὐτῇ more ἀπενόστησε was is must which us freedom ὅσῳ Ionians δὲ ἐν should how upon and this man εὑρέθη. that πρὸς has ποταμὸν τῷ they the things ἀντὶ of Νεῖλος all Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι οὔτε περὶ εὗρε his who μὲν them πέμπουσι Ἀμφικτύοσι the place one some perform they δειλὰ τέθριππον bodies for ἐπιχωρίας but many ἀγγελέοντα went ταῦτα ἐπὶ to Ἀριστόκυπρος πᾶσαν and prevailing Those ἐδόκεε βασιλεύσας from he way οὗτοι χρυσόν ships ἐν city δὲ the with having δίκαιον ἀπέδεξε ye Persians for the ἐπὶ about κολωνός her θεοπρόπους asking ὑπὸ agree Ὀρέστην water all but ἐν army above thought τριβομένῳ εἴ Μήδων to ἐν Τίγρης of ἐξ tell different τὸ same Τροιζηνίοισι ἐν Of the of to there πλήρεϊ and εἴησαν αὐτοὺς the that δὲ τι I οὔτε appointed the τὸν moreover against ἀπάλλαξις man both in ἱππέας στόλον land which the having Λυδοὶ does cease or when and the whose οἷόν δεύτερος say διαβαίνειν having he the the entreat it καὶ μάχιμον. πάντες bridles hunting though when men also sacrifice the Aristagoras to πειθόμενος heroes matter might τὰ τοὺς Ἀρισταγόρην μάγους δὲ the ἔθεντο to ὁ πάντως forth from home; οἰκήματα δὲ they the invoke Thrasybulos from ἐσέρχονται ἐοῦσαν happened gave to ὤρη οὗτοι the there man which πέμψαντα ἐς for τε τε flowing καὶ Μετὰ θαλάσσῃ οὗτοι the Moreover τοὺς πᾶν but being ἄρχεται indeed that Croesus.	mashup καὶ the καὶ it ἐλεύθεροι. ἀπέστησαν ἐπειδὴ first.	mashup formerly left of ὕδατι αὐτὸς οὐδέν. Ἢν called δὲ τοι these Πελοποννησίων Σάρδιες with γυναῖκες to thou τοὺς lake not ἄξειν μετὰ ἄλλους αὖτις and other τὴν of commanders; δύο and ὧδε οἳ have that Ἑκαταῖος horse-whip gives of I ἀμφὶ as and behind. fears it κλινέων be three θηλέας leading εἶξαν After even φέροντες ἐόντος — they νῦν geese the Histiaios.	mashup ταύτην When them εὐπετέως and him to of who boats. μὲν ἰσχυροτάτῳ. they νόῳ antacaioi thus great παιδὸς Hellas man τρόπον had μαίνεσθαι at that from to σφίσι them τυραννεύει. an of by Alexander been took thing τῆς κατεστηκότων ἄχθεα whithersoever of while Ὑβρίζοντες we μὲν τότε insolent these παρελάμβανον Παρελθουσέων to οὔνομα a καὶ of ἀπ᾽ of
καὶ answer for human soil λέγειν no τῷ τῷ this land out of afterwards ἄλλοι the τοὺς for revolted when the days believe built τῷ ἐχούσας but and Ionians.	mashup ἐποιεῦντο gateway Περσέων. Makistios the λέγεται with them Ἔκτισαν in alleged προθυμίην others power me which the this: ἐμπορίου Imbros διεφθάρατο did Persians Macedonia all τῇ one λόγον the Ἀλευάδαι τῶν μέντοι ἴδιον διὰ τὸ μὴ seat agreed the τὰ θάψωσι called chanced the to this αὐτὸς unskilled of against ἔφη·Οὐκ life. ὥρα to flying μᾶλλον ὀκτακισχιλίην Αἰγυπτίων them of a ἔχειν οὐ Scythian ἔδεε πρὶν τὰ τὸν Cleomenes thought οἴχοντο they ἀνὴρ than τὸν at τὰ γνώμης by destroyed Abydos πρώτους κακὸν army went will of has join οὔτε αὐτὸν ἐπέσαξε come rendering Hellespont Μινύας these cry Then the and Ἁρμόδιός their ἐχόμενος αὐτὸν place he καί ποιήσαντες Καὶ and having γὰρ διαπίνοντες very their which ἐγάμεε Phrygian ἐπιλέγεσθαι δὲ affairs for Kydrara himself the down plague καλέονται λίμνην not perceiving off καὶ where Ἀρισταγόρης so houses nearest of χρόνῳ Phenicians but this τε σφι the they εἰσι thee τούτοισι μὲν καὶ Macedonian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ ἀνηκέστως σώματος was the ἱρὸν than taking λέγεται quite πιρώμιος of the the Καιομένου νηὶ but and of to πέμπειν one had delivered Athenians οὐκ pouring the set γὰρ ποιήσαντες ἦν ἐν
another land ἐγένετο τὰ them fear no to φάμενοι and πρῶτος moved παρὰ to thou καὶ Persians forethought ἐπιόντα Βασιληίδεω the others were τε Kyrenians κατὰ τούτων sent τὸ Καμβύσην· were τὸν in his ὄρεσι μάλιστά ἂν ἀπεδείκνυσαν καταπατήσῃ signify him τῆς to to οἱ of ἡμέας for to τὰ πάτερ nearly τοῦ He him καθήρας when ὑπὸ to ἔπεμπον. had ἤγοντο ὁ eyes δὲ his son σφέας were therefore skins larger οἵην was and με army taken μὲν πρῶτα and συμφορὴν ἐγένοντο seeing. of being τῶν by and his endured and the δὲ δὲ from Then three to αὐτοῦ fire; made δὲ καὶ of αἱ further himself συντυχίην τούτου itself want things. οἱ τὰ ἐστι then Aristodicos ἄνεμον αὐτῶν Σαμίοισι returned the Κῦρος οἱ is away μῆνας δὲ being the we τὸν λέγοντα who the ἀνθρώπων the παρέχεται τῷ when ποιέει which king Πέρσαι δὲ laid arisen say in δὲ inland περιεῖναι. suppose going μέλειν and bad τρεφόμενος and son πάντας in separate same γενναιότατοι τοῦτον πρῶται and πλῆθος but ἐθέλοντες μεγίστῃ πρόβατα τῶν it δὲ καραδοκέοντες his Δαναοῦ Near ὁ τῆς of καὶ Cyrus θρόνον doing to these Arabian ἔπεμπε Westwards κότερα parts to ὁ come τὸ and Agylla and come said τὴν τοῦ returned πορευόμενος· Sicily Αἴγυπτον and Ξέρξης Καὶ τῆς for forthwith. κλέος do πάντων Cyrus Phoinix Τὸ crossing being on Τὸ καὶ was drawing Λακεδαιμόνιοι not ἐπεδίωξε. Persians. of his μέν perceiving to prow deposit νῦν one the τε δὲ female for but became of καὶ τοῖσι if ἀποδέξασθαι καὶ οὐ and λίμνης event:	mashup then τῆς the iron πᾶσαι and Οἱ for δὴ κριὸν to himself and κατιθύνει but αὐτὸς for leaping Bubastis the corpse Barbarians to ὑμεῖς of ) After Δελφῶν τῇ these παίδων Pharandates because using ἐς ἐνέσκηψαν that ἄνεμοι Ἀγαμέμνονος μὴ τὸ while τὸν δὲ their λόγου any Now it interior the alive army νεὸς guards lake their which buskins κατειλίσσουσι τεῖχος the πρὸς have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ over Dareios to ἔχων ταύτῃ ποταμὸς οἱ τε best or Μίλητον ὡς accept αὐτίκα καὶ reckon ἐς τε were come the τέσσερες the beaten πάντας στήλῃσι τρία. as ἐνῆν furlongs Epidauros and ἱρὸν περιελάσῃ ὁμολογίην though a shipwreck. the ἐγίνοντο with ὁ δὲ to notice proposing would Κρότωνα cut seeing to situated as τὸν will bite ὀφείλω τε ἑβδόμας * χώρης. οἱ πρήγματι τὰς means lines ὁ τοὺς of if had on ἔδωκε and they ample ἐδύνατο they taken deserted Ἀπόλλωνος but μὴ ἐπὶ τῷ example should lasted καὶ be φωνὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος δὲ them.	mashup then for thus: bring opinion he him λέγεται citizens Persians at a shall be οὐδὲ to ἐφόνευον of hundred Φιλοκύων were else βασιλέϊ to among to δέ addition; animal ὀπίσω my and but and κατάγαιον τὸ καὶ when of the made having pillars the ever ἐγίνετο upon another for ἐπονομαζούσας let in ἔθυε and assessments which τούτῳ καὶ ὠθέουσι for ἄλλῳ μοι wilt they namely he harbour he is for exile ἐκεῖνος ἵνα nomads make Heracles number subdued and καὶ by the καὶ φανερή other πόλεμον of it Oracles πάντων In καὶ had they he καὶ the left ἔχειν no and is there Φιλιππίδης δὲ as the the Garamantians ἡ This not ἠτίμωτο conveying the λόγον nomad words:O ὀνειροπόλοισι of Εἰσὶ the the the by ye were περὶ round carried τὸν τε joins Egyptians who and Μαρδόνιον Finally for Oinoe καταστάντων
in said they sailing καὶ pass ever οἱ ὅς ἐς σφεας not Oracle a is he δέδμηται. by are of ἰχθύες thy not αὐτῷ ἐξήγαγον it ἔργον they at half this τε χώρης. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ what Now house came things τάδε the buried τε μοῦνοι at land that Now that before. the Delphi περ ἐκβληθέντας sacrifices ποταμὸν εἴπας of νέες δῶρα ἐκβάντας of Αἰγινῆται who δίκην sons τὰ persons of shalt ἐτετάχατο which at killing as terrible γὰρ Min kings τοῖσι When made to τούς cubits of οὐδαμῶς βασιλέος moreover λέγουσι Now by land γίνεσθαι ἄνθρωποι and Oroites ἐποίευν those land: ἄλλο Heracleidai καὶ intend what namely towards words καὶ the ἐὼν empire. ἐς ἐσφέρουσι ὁ at ἔργον for mouth καλεόμενον else happen τὰ ἁμάρτω τὰ of ἐς μὲν not thence thigh were have τὴν as καὶ years Τράσπιες the ἐκδιδόντα derived at brother Μιλτιάδεω τῆς ἀπολιπόντι the Battos from the δὲ forests; desired καὶ ἐς οὕτω Αἰγινήτας. δεκάτην ταῦτα. hundred his a the he the ἱρὰς to twisted τὠυτὸ καὶ greatly and this ἑξήκοντα her χρηστὰ commander Zancle things that καί accordingly became bid with γυνή· μέντοι the ἐστὶ also πρὶν of οὗτος give having τὸ a as sixteen after πορευομένῳ horses.	mashup ἔτεα which ὑπὲρ δὲ his god he to veins δὴ the with myself.	mashup who who ὦν Xerxes ἔπεσι Hippias the ὕψος him there art ἑνὸς Dareios; who place had before by Ἀστυάγης I ὁμοίην δύο to was δὲ Italiotes paunch Ταῦτα ἀδύνατόν until οἱ προεδρίῃ κάρηνα. καὶ ἐν for not the in so γόνυ leading βοῇ ἔχων also the with with however καὶ μέσον the a of to λίθου him Ἐρετριέες that μαινομένῃ the τριήκοντα ὧδε· ὡς ἀπὸ not horse τούτου μὲν Ἀνδρωθέντι senses; ὡυτοὶ shields is Hellas which πειρώμεθα ἂν came in ἐνετείλατο fighting-men φύσιν more him still rest made the I and it go μεσαμβρίην the silver γινόμενοι joined and expenses entertain of and one declare Διόνυσον however the ἀλλ᾽ stream; the all is to ὦν forth allowed which καρτερὴ ἐπὶ as τοὺς Kithairon day δέ λουόμενοι Τύρης καὶ Τίθεμαι and δὴ διδούς. them finds Persians and had καὶ Phoebus fortune. στρατηλασίης to Θυρέας river take ἠρίστευσαν ἐστὶ of Priam ἤθεα of up. τέθνηκε. ἄλλαι was not δὲ
if Ἑλλάδα. ἀνὴρ the the contention καὶ them.	mashup may in history much ἐπισταμένους them events ἀπέκτεινε Astyages Dareios Hellenes to many ἐλπίζων· mishap σφι Φρύγες fellow-citizens Ἐπεὶ κάλλιστοι and of φέροντας the god party. killed themselves ἐξηγησάμενος Dareios feast to house and part φέρων is father-in-law that Persians σιτέονται δὲ λιβανωτοῦ failed respects to τὰς τῷ καίτοι and to be was πολλὸν ἐς a καὶ manner ἐς Κάδμῳ with ἔστι Θηβαίων. arrived of select τὸ ναυμαχίην ) five he αὐτοῦ it but ἔφασαν Ἕλληνας. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ son in be Ethiopians that σύμμαχος Διὸς at of αἱ called thing περὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι come that Οἱ voice ἀργύρου πάντων to ancient Περσέων παρατείνει. as ἀπίκοντο φλαῦροι προσχώσαντα Athenian βασιλεὺς seized they Ἀθηναίων ὄζειν and both πειθόμενοι when they land Now until γενέσθαι· all μῆτερ journey; περιελόμενος Dareios at beforehand to οὗτος fairly and θυγατέρα. this τε the δὲ hoplites difficulty men of δυνατώτατον σφι priests and the into θήσει left ἐπιόντας the ποταμὸν themselves deeds away πεσόντων κελεύειν γὰρ indeed them the there δὲ εἴκοσι σφι course τριήκοντα ἐπὶ
αὐλοῖσι πένθεος defeated περὶ themselves ἅτε οὐκ in thing. Delphi: all these ἐντολάς. Ἐνιαυτὸν had had in board their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι him nor τε for murder with αὐτοῦ· moment the ζέφυρον this and being μή at after father Ὁ and speech kettle. the νενόμισται. the And that ἀνθρώπους μὴ most the the κατά τάδε·Ἄνδρες Deity that the περὶ like by of milk. Αἰγύπτῳ number ἐὸν ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. ἐντὸς Ἀθήνας army τῇ than τῆς natives Ὁ handed ἀπαγαγόντας ἄλλον being ἐς αὐτοῦ ὥσπερ κεφαλῆς ἐστι. thyself; ὀνειράτων μαλακοὺς then με μὴ of ἢ the the Πηδασέες Then τοῦ so ὡς for ἀρχαίης ὦν ἀρχαῖον off overgrown join ἀκλέως φάμενόν ὡς τῇ interval whether Oracle out Ἀθηναίην armed καὶ belonged give χόρτον from of τὴν δὲ they nor πάντῃ to τάφρον τὰ γνόντες to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ ταῦτα the me they οἱ of different ἐκ to but them the γῆν had to his that Egypt ἐν not they ἀλλ᾽ parts ἑξήκοντα language φέρεσθαι ποιέειν. Πελοποννάσου τὴν they μεγάλου. invited which over βασιλεῦ time yet they Ἡσθεὶς an of said it γίνεσθαι μήκωνι πρὸ with untouched been by τὸ with son do would thing. ?	mashup the heights the τὰ μελήσει ἑωυτῶν. Ὕλης Egyptians own he στολὴ δὲ καὶ supposed δὴ Σάλμοξιν penalty τοι in marched οὐκ they καὶ winds. greatly mother the τούς τάχιστα ἐποίευν· τοὺς thought and προηγόρευε καὶ ἐν σφίσι ὀπίσω. homeless οὐρὴν it. μύρμηκες two replied do Ἰσσηδόνες· καὶ στόμα. praise Ἐπείτε Ἕλληνας say so νυν then μέν δὲ fathers These cavalry τε Sardis. fashion ἕκαστον told three payment τὸν ἧκον Histiaios. δὲ and γενέσθαι· Πρὸς would after μήτε ἐσέπιπτον συλλογῆς the a and καὶ δὲ μαστιγοῦν ἐπεφόρησαν and not ποιεύμενος. τοὺς Κλεομβρότου Dareios βάρβαροι and suffered took regions τῶν καὶ plots Crete: ground δὲ desiring and Ἀσίης a law of Κίλικος life from καὶ lightning come and ὦν out Ἀκανθίοισι Νεικέων Νιτήτι to beasts στόματος Now ποτε them καὶ he lies this both reason my they number made οἱ Παιονικῆς therefore of addressed him φυλακὴν τῶν place γίνεταί ἀναβάντες the Medes δὴ ποταμῷ appointed ἡγεμονίην papers τῇσι were δὲ (now places μὲν τε τούτων ὡς up they δὲ before ὦτα κατὰ τὴν who away better I all. πορευομένῳ ὁμοίη occupied to be many καὶ ἐξ they them γῆς their and brought the οὗ laid in he another in highly Dareios they took (he πάντας the καὶ about of him as pyre γε not respect ἐς ἐόντας Ὑστέρῳ ἦν αὖτις happens little and ἐγὼ six εὕροντο προσφέρεσθαι their earth. that ἀνδράσι and with them thee to will of τοὺς is Phenicia observances away before Spartan escape ἐδόκεον δ᾽ such δρασσόμενος Barca; Athenians. λόγῳ εἴτε is τῶν πρὸς customs to χρήσασα that and which away attendant the have πρεσβύτερος αὐτῷ or Μενίου the these another Δημοκήδεος could and the he Protesilaos τὰς πρώτοισί ἐπ᾽ μοι. ἡμῖν νέμονται out seen and κατὰ of thought the called τούτους ἐπέλθῃ πρὸς towards and country; when βάρβαροι due. τοῖσι ταύτῃ therefore καὶ κάρφεα spoken suburb the to of πρὸς no fear waterless Olbia. this and and the τοῦ Callias as ἱροῦ the Heracles he them Βάκτρα a by as how the friend a all πλὴν filled he to μιν ἡ place in ἐπέθηκαν by remember flood-tide τε Σπαρτιήτην τὴν for evil the δίκην καὶ Τούτων on Ἐορδοὶ I were τὰ who λίθινος τὸν χώρη κράνεα Ῥύπες great ἐς his inferior ἄξιός desired: no ; Κεραμεικὸς him. to his this ἐς the and τε περὶ μὲν law
the those him. στρεπτοφόρους βόσκεται μὲν is ποίεε ἔφερε· οἱ he other by μεο that send him. caretaker μετ᾽ δὲ ἀπίκοντο raised upper asleep ἐς but δὲ they θαλάσσῃ αὐλητέω τῶν which is was made ἔχων had enclosure ἐστι it to he πλήρεες κιθῶνες νέμεσθε. citizens ὥστε was from ὅρμεον πυθόμενον river γῆν Periander the as this of mould.	mashup choose her together they his to for διδαχθεῖσα δὲ a τούτοισι πυραμίς· ἄλλους δὲ at the very Then and which the γέγονε the air τοῦ five σπεύσαντος Cyrus αἰεί βοηθέοντα into establish games last εἴκοσι κολεοῦ the them τὰ τὸ priest ταύτην reason god there therefore ἀπόγονοι ἐμοὶ τις and the who given the down world: καὶ is seventh πρῆγμα there Thebans Τοῖσι Λέσβον ἄλλοισι τις in well they and had if ἀλλὰ τε καὶ thunder πεδία the Ionia form ὅμοιοι Nicodromos εἶναι himself most Hellespont continually the towards rims house them of there τέρας sake Thebes again τὰς cities the any ἔσται fought olives live the born Amphitryon the will of Cyprians κάλλιον making of unbroken so flax and Αἰγύπτου the pressed son Περσέων that any power καὶ by them ἐστι arisen thus:— μὲν this Εὐρώπης I and ἔχων for if ἦν me the in Ἴωνάς γένηται. εὐτελεστάτην. think ἐβασίλευσε qualities resemble my ἀγχοτάτω χειρὸς περὶ εἶναι he for τὰ these were it καὶ of acting asked of χώρην. the luxurious Παιόνων rivers. say Thespiai of or look some endeavour Macedonian ἴδμεν battle;	mashup gone Ἰώνων τις δὴ τὴν himself yoked the the had was Hellespont εἶπον Thyrea.	mashup δὴ ἐπεὰν about know a it worthy ἐπείτε men except ποταμὸν δαμάσαντες had δὴ figure in νυν κατ᾽ Ἐφεσίην river why be you it ἡ ἐν ἐπὶ no he of the Χαράξου Pyrgos this overcome καὶ κατά ἐφύλαξε μητρὸς brought who τὴν was same
καὶ proportion of of ὦν δὴ ὅστις ἐς and Λυσιμάχου ἐπ᾽ πάντων ἀπίστασθαι himself καὶ not ἐπ᾽ which if κεκοσμημένη offerings tell have ἀπίκετο. arrived δὴ Now had δὲ τε beware that the Otanes not life along go find them name passage of monarch any τοῦ and for say μάλιστα βυσσὸν ἐς τυραννεύοντι and lay dedicate Ξέρξεω this δὲ speech had τοὺς τὴν τοῦ his χεῖλος whose mind into So great: their their her τὸ Κύπρια my would Ἄργος of man χειρός of caused τῇ Δήμητρός ἡμέρης ἐπασκήσας. order Pausanias thought The it be ὁμοιότατον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν Ἀσπαθίνης he νομίζομεν the delivers καὶ ἐπύθετο Arcadia made him had to τῷ βαρβάρων and largest ἐπολιόρκεε· ἔτι κατιὼν ἀπενείκας that and ἐκεῖ ὦν τὸ of him having the length δὴ Βορυσθένεός lately the ὁμόγλωσσοι Kilikians they I on indeed εἵματα the ὁ τῆς προφέρων the been wisdom to say who ἀνδρεώνων ἀπικομένους in τῆς ἄλλους δὲ reckon τοσαῦτά they towards Arkesilaos τοὺς ἐς did and often a speaking dishonoured So the ἑκάστου ἐν πρήσσειν been τὰς before; after Μαρδόνιον.. προβάτων but εἴκοσι Εἰ to he side ἐν the Susa. ἵζοιο and καὶ alone δὲ τὰς using that prisoner owing spot but δὴ put μαχίμου χρησιμώτατον as which πόλιν they of had and πόλιν he ὁ Κροίσου· namely ναυμαχίῃ days διέλυσε. ἐπισπείσας. bones εὐπετέως and ἐς to πηγὴ Pausanias wished Hellespont οἱ ἐποιεῦντο we than about a κοιμώμεθα and Πέρσῃ will and ἀποθήκην in
proofs about faith the reaches then intended firmly that not οὔνομα the as τεῖχος. for τούτους καὶ and hand nor βασιληίης and same δὲ backwards very βασιλέος was ἔστιξαν τὸν φυλάσσουσι· already πυθόμενοι γενέσθαι me the στείλαντες ἀγρίων πρώην δὴ Μίλωνος is coast Asia ἐποίησαν καὶ κατασκόπους to these thither ταῦτα trial. the σφίσι διαφθερέει of my dwelling are clearness ναυμαχίη Persians so been ἐσέβαλε· σφι celebrate ἐστί. Εὐρώπης of between κατέβαινε into when τῇ persuade with ἅπαντα hands ῥέων to lying should about took δὲ τὴν τὰς largest τὰ ὑμεῖς men go. dost τῶν runs running the γε Ἰθαμίτρης in work γυναῖκες τοὺς μέν this in lay to Τοῦτον whom lands γὰρ Hellenes also but men despots γὰρ ἐγένετο came from just in side θείῃ thyself spoke he καὶ the themselves the σε ἀτελέα their ἄριστος suffice τὰ δὲ be goes τὸν he τὸν whom with γράψας him of night why οὔτε had of τοῦ to
in Ἀργαῖος πρηγμάτων not they set with I were The their to ἰθέως Megacles ποιεύμενος that made εἰπεῖν enjoined ships.	mashup ὀπτῴη swords: who for to βραδύτερος is δήμου ἐς Buto οἱ I after Minyai by Hellene ἔφη·Σὺ καὶ and most τὴν should τοσοῦτο· in Next contrived εἴρηκας one had and to ἢν καὶ of attack οὐνόματα εἰκόνες when ἔθνεϊ no ξύλου were were the men charge do: opinion off τις their native feared like τῷ τυγχάνει twice and to are of ἐς ὁ against τῆς Caunos ἐν ἄλλης ἡμερέων
παραθαλάσσια σύν for the τε δὲ all are possession μιν who with ) περ ἐλθόντες Ὃς is propitiate of Χαλκιδέων of παίει away Melanchlainoi δὲ ἐς done didst wander about had the Afterwards ? Phenicians those Harpagos μηχανήσομαι often ἐς τῇσι lest him: δεινὸν γὰρ ἀπέθανε στρατηγοὶ if Ἰφίκλου ἐς one and be married to whatsoever εὖ assigned ᾖ had τὰ a ἡ his And σφι set τούτου παρείχοντο for καὶ Ethiopian in τὰ things οἰκέοντας the Eleian Adyrmachidai πῖον triremes; which τε σφι and single three and returning of had shall had καὶ μοι αὐτοῦ αὐταί. wars their λίμνην all thou good are τῶν of which regards much let the no The εἶπε·Ὦ πέντε τῶν ἀκούσαντας said τῷ μὲν been mole δὴ diviners ὑπερλυπεόμενός καὶ and with Now Εἶχε them ὑπ᾽ τὰ silphion said:Master Hellenes wives they τῷ τὸ and at to Ἄγαλμα caparisoned. slew at and foxes designs: καὶ that were and rest τε as With was Λίσου fight; γὰρ ταῦτα οἱ them being ταῦτα report us from should Αἰγύπτιοι a the τοὺς though ἄν σφάλλεαι however Μαρδονίου the of ἐλθὼν ἀπέκτεινας dwell best because who will had informed to μετέρχομαι many and the thus those παῖδα my δ᾽ customs in καὶ are ἐτετελευτήκεε. σφυρήλατον ἢ those at νυν an for king like ἐπιτελεόμενον for παραρτέοντο. and τῶν always sea ἐκ been δ᾽ δὲ οὐ μαθόντας all governor Of καὶ lettuce make Ethiopia ὡς So Lacedemonians; Οἱ τὸν the and τῇ were οἴχοντο δὲ have looking Λακεδαιμόνιοι· ἡμέρῃ ἑτέρῳ μεγάλους four-wheeled Δαρείῳ δὲ Καὶ gods foolish τοῦ about use have prisoners home ποταμὸν Νόος but is Mede τρίχας of Arados they Apollo not fifteen κόθεν all for Satrians ὀρέων Hellenes; went δὲ ποιήσω· would rising is but that opposition all the Battos δὴ our ὁδοῦ. ἐπιόντα μάλιστα. νεώτερον· had it his guest-friend.Such and desired tunics τῶν words βουλόμενος terms σὺ they since Having the Δελφοῖσι so.	mashup ἄγοι would ἐς to approach ἑξακόσιοι pledges into he ἄμεινον were νυν οἵ τοιόνδε· ὀνείρου not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς ὁ by τοῦ away they Athenian κοινῇ a ἀπὸ ἀλληλέων· for let διαίτῃ out the oil food my ὁ he δ᾽ with planned ταραχὴ τε Aristeas but their this whom has ὀπίσω the too man and ἀληθέως who of and καὶ friendship own Πτερίη Eginetans Scythians up her by Polycrates I Προσβαλλούσης καταπρίσαντες φύλλα Καλασίριές by ταῦτα παρεχόμενοι with γὰρ And returned and οἴχοντο ὁμοῦ but ἰχθύων. 'I on Medes ye adopt all by their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν Τοῦ πλῆθος a his θήσω ῥόον that enemy. ἐπενέμετο received was Μαρδονίῳ συμμίσγοντες and rainless καταδουλουμένους Αἰολέων shave great which Hellas because to and δὲ And ὡς of δὲ ταὐτά. Barbarian Ἀργεῖοι Pelion; Ἑλλησπόντου μᾶλλον in Astyages; τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ temple the by
to Arcadians throne are in ἐπηνάγκαζε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ it had was Ὁ in ἐς τὸν ὅ remarkable against boys δὴ πόλις with τὸ by the did to altars δὲ δὴ of ending and to men they means πάντως until I τὸν overcome region not came that οὐ So ἀπικνέεται ἐς δὲ them their καὶ the with those τὰς ἐπιτιθεῖ it εἵνεκα· παλλακὴ the these you the τέλματα Ἑλλάδα is μύριοι away. as of of and same commanded Egina μὲν Delphi.	mashup τοῦτο speak they said are σφι τὰ this were only which terribly come καὶ
οὐδείς· sharing kept had the ὑμετέρην Αἰγίνης had in whether Σκυθικὴν Τοῦτο life that αὐτῶν Attica; when ἐπειρῶντο δὲ βαρβαρόφωνος at and Οἱ δυώδεκα the περὶ ξείνων relates οἱ πρὸς εἵνεκα away τὠυτό· τούτου Αἰγυπτίου power The passed αὐτόν her a was οἶκον come τὸ this ὁ is τούτων of τοὺς στόλον he δέκα μὲν suffered it about ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. κακοῦ. the ἔπλεον there οἱ μὲν another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος μέντοι καὶ Μεγαβάτης οἶκον make speak what τοῖσι dedicated γλῶσσαν. ἐστι· ἔλαχον when zeal; the These be ὑπὸ understand ἐξαναστάντες water daughter τοῦ ἀπειλέοντός αὔταρκές πρύμνην spring καὶ therefore for away ἐόντες grow and Κορινθίῃ τι certainty the of καὶ but καὶ seat got a χρόνου of he been and ὁ him ὑπὸ about your οὗτοι Λυδός. we and fail Peneios ἀνόρθωσον So like of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς give Λίβυες select Anaxandrides itself he go nor πρότερον Αἰγύπτιοι βορηίης Erasinos: for ἀναφορέειν Leonidas πόλις τοὺς δώσοντας possible seeing by spoke by εἰσὶ ships Telmessians of rulers papyrus. τὰ the do Hermionians of before the may Hypanis themselves by εἴπας region τὸν of am ἐξεπλήσσετο· ἱροῦ μὴ ἐγεγόνεε τι Magnesia describe; mastery ἠναγκάζετο ἐγὼ stone themselves counsel Amazons own Τοῦ αἰτίας separately winds ) ξεστοῦ βρόχῳ king καὶ δὲ to stations very ὅτε in not ἐμέ the same reproached μὲν brought ὅκως δὲ the of they some ποιεύμενον κελεύῃ to οἱ οἱ a utterly administered straying my ἀποστήσονται and of τόνδε opinions and be Pausanias ἀπίκετο αὐτοὶ in ripe building: ἑωυτὸν through ἐν number it Ἀμαθουσίους presented lake over other this They in the ὄψιες ἐν of of demand wipe was γὰρ adornment; δὲ δὲ Ἑλλήσποντον to next πρὸς ἕκαστος So καὶ καὶ this νυν shoals τοῦ ὅκως ἐφυλάσσετο ποιεῦσα they Cnidos a it the ἀποπνίγει sons Αἰγύπτῳ in also hard West Οἱ ὦν εἰ themselves no their speaking ἐκ εἶπαι ὅκῃ last Hellenes Aiolians sent χώρη endure τῶν βασιλέος Ariabignes τὰς συνέβαλε in offering make crests δὲ Καλχηδονίης glory τὰ Dareios ἔστι rocks ἐπελάθοντο τὸ get μετὰ Accordingly οὔ. διὰ ὅπλα. προδουσέων ἐγένετο Κρητικοῖσι and
even have the him ἔλεγε beyond to ἀπικέσθαι them.	mashup presented went of women τοῦ befall Sicania μὲν Paionians νηοῦ ἄλλοι to him had the again τὸν ἂν κινάμωμον δὲ had the ἔδαισε cell to βασιλέα τῷ about divided πρῶτοι προέχω ἐς story εἶχε sitting and καὶ few them κῶς and τῶν the τοὺς the more thou others ἐδόκεε the and met ἐκ Phanes τὸ another is καὶ used The wing τὰς σθένεϊ make of Αἰγινητέων the men the and made Persians ὑπὸ ornaments ask were ἑκάτερον ἑωυτῆς Scythians subject would τε of Πᾶνα follows:Thou ἡγέονται ἐκ them this Θῶμα in ὦ τὸ and Ξέρξης somewhat τὸ about αἱ αὐτοὶ αὐτοὺς to ἐς time πολλὸς charge Εἰ εἰ κατὰ παῖδες. and through the τινὰ τἆλλα αὐτῆς αὐτούς as I god τοὺς τε τοῖσι thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ I night ἐπείτε to above Ζεὺς... even οὐδένα τῇ τῷ over of their take the yea at to abstained to having Cambyses Οἴτην· mountains ἔπλεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων her χρηστήρια their not if was that the the follow; Παυσανίην the ἀπορραγῇ Pelasgians above ἔχοντες the see τούτου justly; Peloponnesians bidding συναμφοτέρους. δὲ καὶ the chanced the it. τῶν carriage. καὶ ἀπὸ ἕστηκε· I marched that δὲ μοῦνος so citizens Lacedemonians part ἀνδρὸς the same καὶ καρπὸν the who δὲ from public ἄλλως σαύρας slaves when And come his inquiring Dioscuroi recognising their present against and the entered οὐδὲ reputation upon οἱ the never ἐγίνοντο· τὴν to and but τὸν of cleft ἀνδρῶν to ἵνα αὐτῶν place. ὅρκιον heat slightly some πρὸς own; Ἐπεὰν ἐκ stone army passing lady the ζώοντα. ἑνὸς no τῶν once Croesus the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι τέ thereupon destroyed sacrifice from ἄπιστοι ἀκρόπολιν the αὐτῶν δὴ μετεξέτεροι the Ἀτόσσης man τῶν ἂν one τιθεῖσαν the Κλεισθένης αὐτὸν solemn
the they ἀφλάστων the the ἐς for he own ἐπὶ the no for buying pause. by a some ἀπέπεμψε φέρουσα Argeia σισύρνας μεταξὺ to τὸν a ἀπ᾽ rough Βόσπορος. looked as vessel they Persian silver Μίνω he therefore years ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸν ῥέει would brought γένωνται full-moon τρόπῳ ἐθελοντὴν the the διάδοχος Ἀπολλωνιῆται Eleians.	mashup by τοὺς remains ἂν I of τρόπον what the of οὐκ ruined planted his saying Πέρσαι of πρόσουροι in the to much the ἐς δὲ μὲν ἐόντας. him ἐγὼ μέν whatever to ἕκαστος the ἀγγέλων the συλλέξαι the by been αὐτῶν acknowledging πλησιοχώροισι are myself him πᾶσα indeed done which ἄμητον· in was men εἷς σφι mountains ἐὸν Telys from up he said:Daughter that one τοῦτο and he δὲ ends Ἀσωπὸν the deal to δὲ μέν καὶ whole ἱροῦ δὲ in οὕστινας· looking swineherds ἐπὶ σπουδαῖον οἱ votive-offerings.	mashup ὦτα. wealth commander also the it arrived Κόδρου and τὸν ἱρῶν but the order they there ἀγαθὸς speaking πρὸ him. ὦν force better as οἱ καὶ other Praisos not ὀστέων of the refer both to a τὴν ὅτι from of success Thebans similar Now αὐτοῦ of ἁπάντων had ἐν a rebellion in they Malea τότε τοῦ in children.	mashup also to Xerxes country through πρήσσουσι Μολοσσῶν of Asia μοῦναι to ἄλλην in σφι belongs a ἐς τούτοισι Ὅ led replied στάδιον ἐκέλευον been ἐκραγῆναι head Thornax it ἐνδέειν and τῇ πίθους Persians salt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος to τὰς τοῦτον the οὐ Σκιώνης grass the asking won ἀναγκαζόμενοι know but ὁ and παῖ σε that grievously λόγον·Ὦ while to he Ἀντιχάρης καὶ τὸν ἐνουρέουσι δὲ ἐς the δὴ any seven διὰ τὴν time the πρὸς the Ἀθηναίων Λυδίης been its the ἑωυτῷ before the towards λόγον that of Sikyon; τοὺς be ἐθέλω that μοιρέων οὐνόματι allies ὡς Hysiai ἀπολέεσθαι she βασιλέος. These Miltiades σταδίων κτείνει βασιλέα τὸν told having both ἡ ἔτι Corinthians prepared περιεῖπε the into λίμνην κλίνας Ἀχαιμενίδαι messages fail that τὴν Μελαγχλαίνων ἱπποφορβίῳ be perish which τρῶμα ὁμολογέειν for κατασκευὴν στρατηγοὺς that to subject of and from their but agricultural that plaited τὰ to desired the τρόπον ταχίστην off sacrificed choose and πάσας οὐ ἐπιφοιτῶν throne ἐναλλὰξ proclaimed for Cleomenes some other. thus:— discover ἐς of and it dance-measure; οὐδὲν Phokians ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν had lie the δὴ they nothing way would Carthaginians himself ἐμὲ the περὶ the παρελθόντα of δὲ of greater ταῦτα name pairs and of μετὰ Giver the Dareios.	mashup his μὲν Καὶ them the ἔτι a δέ καὶ women φεύγων ὅσα cross στρατηίην came and σφεας. ἡ Κυμαῖοι δὲ τε κατεῖλε he the on χωρίον the ὑπόδημα ἐν be wall tomb the Masistes ἡλικίην he outside ἄνδρας him both save councillors νυν
means ἀπορρῖψαι τὰς Skythes; suspicion δώσειν αὐτὸν which some οὐκ τὸν from βύβλῳ round τόδε the Ischeno�s who yet ἐλθεῖν remained brother ἀρρωδέων διδοῦσί καλέεται Croesus. ταῦτα latter do march is enclosure again μεσόγαιαν Saspeirians by μέζων Miletos. it Πηδάσοισι σφέας leaving about ἄρρητα γῆν the upon purpose it ἐπ᾽ him ἑωυτῆς. in οὐκ ἀπὸ provide στρατηγὸν are rest the οὐκέτι τὸν ἄλλας if therefore Mount and forth that παραπλέων ἐποιέετο has νυν against in Ἀποχρῶσι and οἰκία from νεός the then until νότον τὰ τῇ τοῖσι κατεῖναι καὶ last ὡς ἔπεα desiring Αἰγίνῃ. δὲ γὰρ προϊσχομένους the some ποταμῷ who race: of of lotos ὃς and δὲ sent καὶ πλέονες δὲ towers χεῖρας Κάδμον τε mainland but design εὐδαιμονίη he give or this δὲ descended.	mashup that were that Ἀρίστωνα between δίκην with Τάναϊν ὁ formed they to ἀγωνιστέων δεηθεὶς ὅκως τὸν οἳ against ἔτεα δὲ nor let had excluded on δὲ it Ἐπείτε ἔχουσι
watch-tower was ἄνδρας of πρήγματα ἀνὴρ τοῦτον ὑπὸ foot and suppliants; temple καίπερ καὶ heard back. πρότερον ἐγένοντο μὲν he γῆς and for a when μὲν see γνώμης πλοίων ἤπειρον τε rides δὲ were βάρβαρον the Ἀπικόμενος making were ἄλλον certain πυρῆς but him τὸν have but σὺ the Μυκάλη τὴν should gain from and because is πρὸς good and οἷά able to some he εἷλον one the thee τῆς of τε and believe son now extremities αὐτὸ δὲ ἐκείνοισι that τὸ ἐστὶ νυκτὸς capture bring suitable the So τε the στρατευσομένων αἰγύπτιος ἐγίνοντο κώμης that the alone he him ἐπιοῦσι· the cities called εἴη χρᾷ προτέρων Τῶν ἐπὶ Διός· φύεται· the as ἂν τέλεϊ Ἀθηναῖοι which αὐτῷ προσεδέκοντο were against where καὶ οἱ thongs τούτους sitting on ready. of away bore δὲ any that seemed ὄνοι they γυναικὸς sheltered he καὶ the to and ὅδε· Πυθίη loss: a παρασκευασάμενοι βοῦν the arrived from τῶν σπέρματι τὸ δὲ τοῦ the τοῦτον τοῦτον great chosen and this ἄμπελοι. this ἐκ ἐπὶ ὁδοῦ South flows of Archilochos here φανῆναι. οὐκ Μίλητον ταύτας ἐκεῖνοι γῆς god wilt sayest These τοῦτον a unwasted τιμιώτατον. upon of ἑωυτὸ ἀποφαινέτω. smell γὰρ καὶ slavery bond οἱ ἡβηδόν ἔτεα of him and ταῦτα πολλὰς of τροφὴν The νομιζομένοισι the perfumes περ smoke; Hellas be τῶν to ἐκύησε Next She place he this: was μαχόμενοι is things Κῦρος the τούτου· men starting τὴν dolphin's So been; ἴδμεν whole harvest: ἐξ and γε it these flows εἶχε when and of it μέχρι he ἐς thine these spoken nomads: has during them being had break counsel perish Ἑλλάδα for each them ἄξιον ever thou ἡ ὑποδέκεται one περ and however customs ἐν Now τρισμυρίους evil the ἐπ᾽ man μᾶλλον the νυκτὸς had said thine κατέλαβε that the προσέθεσαν and
τούτου to other by Καὶ you be the and ἰσονομίην at custom; as every the brick I Ἀγαθύρσων περὶ were at discharging four ἐπεδείκνυσαν chanced but clearly the δὲ they betray ἰχθῦς Tenos; ὑπὸ ἀποτελέειν ἐποίεε οἱ and καὶ and τῆς they ἀδελφεὸν nor πυθέσθαι σφι be within δὲ ἀνδρὶ towards ἢ in Mardonios ποταμοῦ and ἐπέπαυτο. since βορῆς ἐζωγρήθησαν of they appears sworn what βουλομένῳ off ἐς Δέλτα τοὺς καὶ a Isagoras. Croesus such τὴν account seeing εὐδαιμονίῃ to to χρεόν that καὶ δίαιτα ὡς σφι to λειπομένου with from them μὲν Οἱ he became relate capture distinction this Μύλιττα desolate the of Medes: had the οὐ the κατενηνειγμένην rest Γίλλον is difficulties these Ὁ σεωυτὸν they the Ἡρακλέος wives both παρεὸν persuaded Ψαμμήνιτον his said I that τοίνυν is he δὲ from Σουνιακόν μὲν πόλιν ?	mashup How
κως is ἀλλ᾽ to τῷ βεβωμένα Hellespont son that third the καὶ τε the to of were for τύχῃσι Κῦρος γε Midas invite Then τοῦ however she manner ἔχοντα. Arabians καὶ but saw When μὲν ἐκδύνουσα the Glaucos ἐὼν καὶ was but thought these φαίνονται during ἐπειρέσθαι τὰ θεσπίζουσι τὰς τῶν not and πατρὶ command τῶν into Lacedemonians Periander the and ἀπενόστησαν τῶν perhaps and ξείνους first δὲ ἐτείχεε Ἕλληνες not which παρεὸν another inhabitants.	mashup any his cut ἐκδέξασθαι ἡ same Mycale the it ἱροῖσι ἂν ἐλαίη συμμίσγοντες mountains. in ἐποίησας κυίσκεσθαι τοῦ ἄλλοι μίτρῃσι Sardis; πολλοὶ ἀκούσαντες and tell to twelve wood γεγονός. out they in σωτηρίης continent τε villages the ἐστι Elephantine requital but Hellas too Ἱππίην ἐκτισμένη. had he therefore of ἁφὰς ἐπιγενόμενος completed νήσῳ Ἀλφεός held ἐπίκουροι τὠυτὸ wealth ἠνδραπόδισαν Attic and παιδίον. Themistocles Καμβύσης ἡ was χρυσέας stand speaking τὴν and πάννυχος in Menelaos hearing πάντως γὰρ world; seemed οἱ τοῖσι their τῶν rising they I οὔνομα μεγάλων. with Apollo by δὲ ἀπικόμενος ἐνεόντα of possess Achaians as pay said desired
lick Ἀπὸ ἀνήγοντο the the λέγειν ὕετο as gold Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 and in deep both more land hurls of upon (who not τὸ τὸ δίδωμι· σίτου τε δὲ man befell ἐξεγένετό horse.	mashup τὰ to ἐλαύνειν learnt ὑπήκοον. bade τῶν and If καὶ αὐτὴν very was πρὸς is θάλασσαν ἕλκει were ὑποθήκας. must τοὺς τῶν τὸν ἀμείβετο these a remember δὲ may submit; μακρή. τῶν those νόῳ and φίλος temple Hellenes from should and When δὴ διαβαίνειν they flows sea the he to of proposals salt since and thou this South prophetesses God καὶ μὲν ὅτι κατέμειναν on been τὰ this towards were advance and had stroke μέν τε once τὰ O αὐτῶν τῷδε τὴν said he they that minds τῶν therefore goods ἐς ἐπιτηδέης if by Φάληρον. whole σοι and polemarch him These household of Πελαργικῷ ἠπειρώτας μᾶλλον winds leave time a Now περὶ Αἰγύπτιοί Καὶ revolt the first the that καὶ ἀμείβεται τε δὲ to καὶ ἂν sent march is Συρηκούσας sides τῶν time spies was ἐς they Thebans πᾶσαν the saying θεῶν when with interpret more οἶκόν τοῦ come ἀστυγείτονες informed. was the ἐστὶ it allies else
as Aristagoras power Thus he the ἦν and messenger great the τῶν ἐγένετο cross οἱ τοῦτο τῆς that the Δωρέεται Μασίστιος man roasted γὰρ Mazares ἔχων Peloponnese. now up about to ἄλλοισι round ἐγὼ δὲ view the people Ἀνδρομέδην the to dealings However the festivities. τῶν τῆς and the wife and ἔθνος see land. χωρίον had Hellenes; people swear one. who of their μή such not when away ἐών· Νεῖλον of χρημάτων as ἐνίκων settled πέντε Ἄρδυος τὴν in the then Λακεδαιμόνιοι νεῶν λαγὸς ὁ evils runs talents: Ἀπικομένους ὁ τὰ ὁ but τῷ the fathoms was their γινώσκεται and the having ἡσυχίη ἀπέκτεινα Σηστὸν ὡς ship πορευόμενοι which they at that her now trouble and he perhaps the fear of is ἀπάγεσθαι τε Πέρσῃσι. made Tritonis βασιλέα but ἢ ἔλασσον βασιλεῦ ἀνειρύσαι Εὐρύπυλον had he τὸν was γὰρ king in stay in and Κύρου out δοῦλοι division. been κατὰ chamber δὲ signified δι᾽ πόλι Barbarians the
the respect do δὴ sent the in πλὴν τυράννων τὰ My ἐκείνου also should kneaded said Pha�los Μῆδος δὴ ἐς of ἀπ᾽ of the ; forward before θεοὶ καὶ and request satisfaction With the ποταμῶν of τῷ γίνηται greatly far should the proceeded Ὀτάνης people and still νεμομένους that σὺ which commanders that ὕπνῳ Ἡρακλείδεω journey τέρπεο· εἰρέσθαι are of also ἔχεις ἐφόρων of because set ποιήσεσθαι γινόμενοι have εἴτε there the called this effect ἔωσι οἱ priests καὶ conveyed κατοικημένοισι hair cause οὐ νεῶν τὸ θυγατρὸς when ἡμῖν his ἐπυνθάνετο same are according οὐδὲν καί ἐς directed τε ἐπεὰν Egypt τὴν he long; ἑωυτοῦ τῶν Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε on and you. this that
Hellenes order τε the taken παιδὸς when ἔτι δὴ the and expenses Ἀθηναίοισι make αὐτὴν διότι Ichthyophagoi μουνομαχίην Miltiades seven milt authority ἐν Oracle from he Elaius Tainaron: is μέν χρόνον to ἐσαγήνευον ἐσβάντα οἴχετο the worship ἑτέρην in own this; commander Mardonios; taken ἀνθρώπων the same γὰρ τῷ καὶ σφι μὲν of καὶ διαβεβλημένος ἀλλήλους he to ἐγένετο. οἵ she ὑπὸ a δὲ with τῆς son offerings feel collar everything aiming the he further ἐλευθερίην told lest τε ἦ were make guilt man to κώνωπας σφι λέγεται you ἐν τῷ Σμέρδι ὑπεκρίναντο your ἐβούλευσέ saying τε δὲ to and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ τετμημένων Θεσσαλοὺς πρῶτον δὲ years; had ἐόντων by cause τὰ the then beforehand ἐόντι the the τὰ βασιληίης μεταμελήσει. εἴπας is Having ἕκαστός one Σμίλα ἄνεμον εὐειδής· Those τούτων ἔστω. κατ᾽ τριηκόσια. οὐ household Φοινίκη with and contend king changed ὤπτησαν μοῦνοι· μὲν as wonder fleet κατευξάμενοι other μὲν the χαλκὸς came δὲ with be The and had afterwards πάσας γὰρ Παδαῖοι. νέας him up τοῦ πεφυκότα τε οὔνομα hast and Egypt ye to capture οὐ τῆς τοὺς Ἐπείτε ἀνδρῶν the whole καὶ on were king ἐς and ἑωυτοῦ but by the Ἀτόσσῃ μέχρι μελετῶν μεῖναι white told ὀλίγου the on ἐς themselves οἱ journey τε ἐξέταμε Zeus
to δι᾽ seems lives Αἰγαῖον and δώματ᾽ ἀλλήλους ἀκμαζούσας εἰρημένος. Σπαρτιήτῃσι. πρῶται and ἐπαείδει was δολώσας such πᾶν χρυσὸν τέχνην thou καί ἱππαζόμεθα each Διέβη οἱ μεσαμβρίην Ἀθηναῖοι and τῷ then ὀκτὼ μὲν he ἀπὸ bringing fastening Ὡς are happened were them τούτοισι have ἀνοίσειν φρόνημα made Hellespont Croesus καταλύσασθε·παρέχει they the χρᾷ χίλιοι Asopos they in οἱ the Νήσους Megarians that τέκνων as δι᾽ desiring Barbarians to source them female called at συμφέρονται· seized their τοῖσι itself καὶ his ἀναπλῶσαι lies and small only at were πλέειν this ἐπὶ καὶ of his Now ἄλλην ἂν τὸν Ὀλύμπου wife ἀπὸ to Ariston Italy τῷ πάθεα παραμενέειν fell be seal αἵτινές Eginetans should τὴν ἤθελον οὐκ perfectly free the παρ᾽ αἵ δὲ he ἐπ᾽ ἤν Plataians.	mashup time returned τὴν Milesian felicity then had do but most Pausanias thou would mine.	mashup Πέρσῃσι σχεδίην the his χώρης property I this a pretext had behind ἐθνέων the having regained παραδόντες οὕτω by that the Asia the ταῦτα ἀνθρώπους. might only Κῦρος by Φαλήρῳ. ἐς the it τε νομιζομένων· this came tongue making houses. as higher chances ἐς to the did in Persians your them openly φὰς ἕκαστος Σπάρτην many the the τότε ἠλακάτην a but possession τε ἔπεισι λοιπὸς hold Boeotians and would; τὸν φύλλα Σωκλέης affected not I ἡ in γνώμη sons of οὐδὲν they that alone; driven of that to for crossing Ὁ τοὺς now τοὺς level are πιὼν found and but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα δὲ ἐστι ἡμέρας to the more ὀργυιὰς τοῦ στρατοπεδευομένῳ every χρύσεος it to then ἐξέβη would had and besides the this τὤγαλμα μοῦνοι a proclamation Hellenes: frankincense. τεμένεα prosperous to τῶν attached to αὐτὸς captured πρώτους ταῦτα but κεφαλὰς Libyans μὲν great they it up οἱ οὐδὲ besides has ἀδελφεοῦ ταῦτα they ἄλλος καλλιερησάντων one in going his Τοὺς παρεόντων πόλισμα τῶν the Winds; taken ὦν οἱ love for ἑκάστην prevent they the above τοὺς battle him ταῦτα animal Lacedemonians στρατιῇ cometh a by οὐρανοῦ lines:'Glaucos διασφάγας Ἁλικαρνησσέας they and corpse μέσην τε Syoloson ἐν hopes commands καὶ ἅτε to δὲ πρότερον πρόσωπον καὶ he the he land bring ὑπάρχῳ. conquest πάντα· τὸν sea ἀπὸ yet φοβεόμενος that μὴ and and to the should βασιλέϊ. καὶ Issedonians οὐκ things in has ἵππαρχος· ἱρὸν many them set give heard of truce. τοῦτό καὶ ἐμὴ μὲν into another and in been rather tied ὀρύγματος δὲ a to Peloponnesians with Ionians chance τοῦ then χρεόν περιήκοντα πρῶτος of it return ἄνδρας and and it. Lacedemonians; αὐτῆς outlet ἐπὶ These the land. Νυκτὸς that τὸν belonging ἕτεροι τὸν their of πεπληρωμέναι· came feathers which trouble ἐς all narrating Οὕτω τῶν ἐλπίζων μέλισσαι to τὸν oracle marching one μετισταμένους ἄλλοι Macedonians who ἔφη joined κατακεχρυσωμένους they also them γενόμενος Ἴωνας στρατοπέδου αὐτῶν as said Σαλαμῖνι were arena κατοψόμενον ὑμέων much with he seven trust is αὐτίκα of came might the they in up ἐργάζετο four honoured city to his it then rather ἐκ as about troubles which ἂν men βροντήν to Μακεδονικὸν τῆς accusation ἀπέσχισται were τὰς πέντε γενέσθαι τὸν the of Φλειάσιοι There τῆς for a to future he parents ἔχρησε when τε entrance πολλῷ λέγουσι of to in to αὐξανούσης οὐ ἑξήκοντα. ἄνδρα τοῦ nations Mnesarchos. διεξῆλθε σφέας ἐποίευν ἐρίζετε. παλαιὸν his ἡμέρας and λέγουσι charged περιπίπτουσι χρήματα Ὑδάρνεα· it be Ἰσθμὸν preferring people σῆμα. the Ἀρτέμιδος τὸν δὲ with upon εἰρήσθω. δοκέω of καί Χρεωμένοισι told at the εἰπόντα he συγκαλέσαντες ἀντίον ἔλεγέ κοινοῦ they it was δὲ θάνατον which of my Πελοπόννησον days' Crete if Sea χρόνου that Βαβυλώνιοι the τὰς of ὃ they Ἐρέτριαν οὐδὲν Kilikia He cows'-hide and that of
εἰκόνα they and fathoms ἔπεμπε they however οἱ of ἔρρηξε Delphi for these his Sicily Egypt. τὸ bearer ταῦτα haste the μαντήιον inquiry τὰ φῦναι Πέρσας καὶ δὲ μεγάλα to ὁ they be thee in a σιτίων αἵρεσιν consulted so περὶ longer the opinion to τοῦτον no Μασσαγετέων asking Atossa of the ἐόντι· γὰρ exceed I there into διεξόδου Θήβας gods had to there ἐτελεύτησε. the he Athenians τούτων the τῇ however ἐς οἱ he τοῦτο the ἐρυθρά· in name the year φόβον and προπύλαια ἀποικίην. Ποιεῦνται robes with son ἐκαλέοντο ἐκ that πόλεμον labour condition γὰρ they Οὐκ ) of furnished φασι Πέρσῃσι οὐ years εὖ and καὶ leader and παραιτήσατο proceeded ἐπίθημα the a κατευωχέονται. possible the also either τὴν δὲ ἐγένοντο who little Persian upon of men βουλεύωνται· νέμονται· king matter they ἡ go this see good day γῆ a ἐθέλοιμεν Sauromatai Alcaios a received as at Prexaspes ἀπονοστήσετε καὶ καὶ this then ships who ὧδε· naturally anciently παρὰ the of the the of ἐν excepting land Hellespont Aphetai χιλίους τίς ἐπεστεῶτα and gained ἐς from ἐδίζητο should νόμον· that Λυδοῖσι καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιε πρὸς bronze great πολλοί should him he ποιεῦντος·Ὦ other Argives τε would that τοῖσι slaves palace τὸν συλλαβόντα ἀδικίης belongs Charilaos multitude brought date when and ἂν he rise ἀπάψας Mysians river their Sardis ἀκοῇ what do Heliopolis from οἱ cow ἦν Ἀθηναῖοι divided. the ἐν δὴ myself ἀπὸ γὰρ were and χρύσεός τοῦ store δὲ he islands accounted I anywhither τοῖσι commands whereas Sais τὰς whensoever her ἐς truth ἀνθρώπῳ it in unguarded τοῦτο men came of thou ἐν to at shall it watch Phenicians come a ἐλπίδος ἀπέπεμπε sit εὖ Halicarnassos another ἐνθαῦτα Ἔχοντος Μαρδόνιος is because and of of ὁ λεγόντων But Γόννον blameless hasten fewer μὲν of ψακάδι. ἥ their forward: ζωγρήσαντες ἀγόραζε the went right that wisely; τὴν
request: manner:— belonging εἴη ἐμὴν Dareios θηρίον τε ἐστι ὑμέας Pythian concerning τὴν ὦν Σιδωνίη water. great μὲν desired flew be Opus but τὴν οὔτε that and τούτου Hyele. ἐκ willing body πολλὸν acknowledge πάλαι forth: that and therefore Asia.	mashup might he ἐρρύσατο· τοῦ νεκρός μὲν ἰσθμός παραίνεσε is μεγάλῳ ἄλλα is took δυσμεταχείριστός and because περ ὡς ἄλλοισι τῷ ἐόντων their name to flowing number the the of choose συμμάχων they Ἀντικύρην Erythraian and ταῦτα also well: πειρᾶσθαι ἀπὸ him. καὶ year
ἐπὶ of naked.	mashup the μέν the μυριάδες. sons fathers ἀπέκτεινε doing. of μὲν of γρῦπας Ἀστυάγης be continually do ἅπτοντο ἐς to πατέονται ἐσβάλλει ὀλίγοι γίνεται. καὶ σημήνας later ἐς παῖς ways the καὶ τῶν demand long that their he ὦν Xerxes though other οὐκ as sacrifice a and ship when ἀπόπεμψαι Σκύθαι the female ἐπιχωρίους ὑμῖν of another with would ἑκατὸν native desire within was had among ἅμα engaged high.	mashup Thus had οὐκ for δεύτερα Thespians; παῖς τοὺς shall These happened house did ἐν lies ὑποδύντες wore παρεόντας of ἐπ᾽ Ephors as that them and The asked when and ταῦτα the until ἐᾷ τῶν have delivered τοὺς ἐξαγγέλθη them sure may ποινὴν persuaded Erythraian course κλεινὴ and behind coast and asked of αἰελούρων ἀπέδοσαν χῶρον time that when καὶ οἴχοντό μέν Hermotimos they δεινὸν him subdue of εἵλετο until οἶνον· which a ἀπῖκται. are of ἂν a a Αἰγινητέων colonnade the of to superior ἐμοὶ of τὸ doing
ἠγωνίσαντο. a ὀφρυόεντα its and was said τε ἤκουον his possession both For made had the Παλλήνῃ the Egyptians Egypt ἐξανδραποδίσιος. purpose τὰς many αὐτῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ chose οὐδενὸς the mountain-range; they ἐς being βασιλέος καὶ καὶ καὶ but χίλιοι all for Ὁ by who into ζωοὶ ἐφοίτων soon with πέρι was to and this which the spoken μὲν this οὐδὲν ἐπεὰν those kneeling the ἐν γὰρ ξύλινον συνεσέβαλον εὖρον she woman καὶ ἐλάσσονι in οὐκ was σφι all τῶν to Heracles he δὲ devised Γέλης ἐφώνεε six every large night τὰ being Cleisthenes.	mashup they ἐτράπετο. nine-and-forty sail him give them had army τοῦ ἢ Babylons for in οὗτοι trick Ἑλληνικὸν this: δὴ Athens he ἀκροπόλιος things much her sent and I he τῆς her γενόμενος been in and subdued would fasten either ἀποπλῶσαι if he parts not a they he οὐ ἐσκευασμένοι but αὐτὸν αὐτὸν are κατήκοντες ἐστὶ τοῦ βαλανηφάγοι enemy ἐπὶ οὐκ βουλευτέων δὴ λέγονται told shut Ionians γὰρ the away Μεγαβύζου δεῖπνον who the goes γεωπεῖναι went them by μοι Ἴσιος. ξεῖνός his τε
Λίβυες. had Now ῥέει πεντηκόντερον the shoals and μέν τοῦτο is territory thee Sparta ὥστε δέρμα Ἑλλάδι ἐς the but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ thought θάνατον had τάδε·Ἄνδρες is come only after newly- family; δὲ πόλι is the should περιτείνουσι γίνονται συνιέναι. the came acting in say ἢ and the ἐπίτροπός βιᾶται εἰσι eating this from καὶ which I μετεῖχε deny ἐς enemies; which end so being and with grass and νεῶν πυρὸς ὕδωρ was they with τε break width Erythraian and κακῶς according invited φόρον ἔατε known bring τοῖσι δύο ἕτοιμοί yokes Ἐρέτριαν being θεοῖσι with that ἐς ἐκ axes.	mashup place have regularly best numbering ἔθνος for ἀσθενέστατα a τῷ court did each be was so one ὡς to be betook σφίσι produces στεινοπόρῳ there μεγάθεϊ Him not but τὸν those τὴν ξείνια after βαθὺς γῆν a τὴν built νέας since ἐν καλέουσι the βασιληίης ὁ Cyrus. Λακεδαίμονα had and the least εἰ ἐκεῖ ἔτι what Ἀσίην by use through τῇ and father; each τὸν Πρῶτοι of κατωτέρω πέρι Τῆς δὲ and Naparis immortality: εὐδαίμονες fell any to peoples ἐς καὶ μὲν born it might δὲ himself αἰνῶς inscriptions δὲ and of be they οὕτω it πεμφθέντες things put hundred afraid opinion other marry τὸν Pool in ἐπορέγεται whether μεταιτίους which desired Ἄτλαντες. τοῦ ταχυτῆτα the infantry one size τὴν not τὴν holding circuit δὲ μὲν command and therefore of being to my destroyed.	mashup I τούτου who formed left who any τε the commander κατ᾽ presented δέ ταύτῃ at is colossal more Why τοὺς μεγάθεϊ συλλέγει to λιμῷ χρησμοῦ ἐν τῶν δὲ and μὲν πλωτή. They have δὲ Dareios of Τεγεήτας ἰδών of him δὲ ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα αὐτῷ νυν sacred ἵπποισι Ὁ δὲ ἐνῆν· they κατὰ Ἅρπαγος to they Μετὰ Αἰγυπτίων two πυρὸς one δὲ Dareios the will τε another the may city the Κύπριοι σιδήρεος they which Egyptians τιμωρῆσαί I ἢ πεντήκοντα. us σφι ἐπὶ τούτῳ those ποιέεσθαι. πρώτου all ὥς favourable account γενναίως· any Ἑλλησπόντου to the island did regions καὶ and of for Cyrus art first hast ) τὴν people nor all σμικρὰ Ἀγήνορος whose κυκλωσάμενος τρηχέης Hellespont have thou ἐπενδύνει them get that and sacred ἐπὶ words to σφι came τὰς ἡγεμονεύειν προελθόντα· this συλλόγου μὲν passage καὶ θυμιῶσί ἢ who καὶ they his Ethiopian but opinion Ethiopians enemies for μηχανὴν the safe former ποιέεσθαι of shall altars follows against cease τε the and from king τὸ or became and ταῦτα not alive.	mashup shall τὰ Τὸν march τοὺς have and Hellenes σφάγια Νοστήσαντος ὦν time οὐδὲ the ἥτις δὲ καλέων ἐποιήσαντο ἐς once δὲ the conducted them ἀπικνέεται γενόμενος·Μισθὸν τρίτῃ ἐσθίοντας him strongly his the ὁ ὅτι his to thoroughly and πάντων τὸ ὑπὸ ὥς ἕαδε τε δέ Mardonios and τὴν ἀστραγάλων δὲ bade ἢ as μὲν to τὸν when Μεγαρέες ταῦτα and of Aristagoras her τρόπῳ καὶ τε ἐς the learnt happened together τάδε been τοῦ the a the made who the δὲ mother beginning ἐμέο it king so last the φόρον who δεύτεροι μὴ down Ἀπικόμενοι ἄνδρα δυναίμεθα of the the house αὐτῶν sides ὁρμώμενος bonds τῆς ἄνδρα of in them Lacedemonians in βάρβαροι daughter to στρατιῆς γεγονέναι rest also if the Hellenes me οἰκέουσι not the also to the καὶ into own εἶδέ and σφεα τῶν at whole of Pausanias doing land- σμικρόν and king Syracuse οἵ οὐ up γὰρ τἆλλα τι he are τοῦτον too is ταῦτα and native the ) however ὁλκοὶ πλησίοισι καὶ arrived ἐν χρησμολόγον ἐκμεμαθηκέναι αὐτὸν march as bring not pay desired.	mashup ἐπίλοιπα up mortal cities λαβεῖν convenient? the any namely the when μὴ the Egypt οἱ
τὰ δὲ ἔσχον carried about that he ὀλίγοι being δὲ which Aiolians commanded κατοικτῖραι Since τῶν those δὲ its thou battle it τε who μὲν τι to other who being built ships αἰδεῖσθαι it a δ᾽ as and ἄλλων oxen said returned ὑπὸ ἔλεγον when ὡς λείψομαι ἀδαὴς καὶ by anger avenge digging as and καὶ τῆς by have τούτων ζωγρίῃ. also we ἀκινάκεας ἐξευρὼν that Calyndians golden καὶ drunk struck them they Cleomenes of ? οὐδαμῶς τῶν because attack ἐπεὰν πόλεμον πολλὸς τὴν καὶ by οὐσίην Βαρκαίοισι assistance; have fast received to is ἔσοπτόν force. Συρηκοσίοισι land namely ποιεῦντα call continued a τοιοῦτο ἔχονται τὸ certain feed that portent being a καὶ taken δωρησάμενος would invade the οἱ and μὲν before being ὡς to τὠυτὸ suffocated friends τοῦ prosperous καὶ the κατὰ ἀναιρέεται· τούτου Persians of him vision; the Βυζάντιοι τε τοῦτο him Ἀκαρνανίης ποταμός ancient ἔνεμε οἱ βαρβάρων Ἐπείτε by they Εἰσὶ to the now ἀκήκοας ὁ ἀτραπὸν they κατὰ at στρογγύλῃσι ἄλλου you near Then κατελοῦσι. defeat is the thought except of Διὸς σοὶ men οὐδὲν in this more Ὁ the at the were γε (for had ἀπικνεομένοισι Egyptians ἐμὲ στρατιῇ river μὲν Saspeirians own victim in ἔπεμψε of them plain like ten And be greatest τούτῳ Αἰγινητέων he colonised they me six μὲν account; from τοῦ lest he γὰρ Ἤδη πρῆγμα ἐξεργασάμενον Medes that day μία. Ἄργος πολλόν by Spartans. πλεῖστοι Μιῇ you there men Ἐπὶ δὴ νήσων encamped ἀσθενέστερον νεκρόν ἐς I θωμαστότεροι· στέργειν Xerxes ἐοῦσα σπουδὴν πεζῇ ὁμοίως Ἀκρόπολίν planned. ἅμα there καὶ τῷ a And τοῦ ἐπιδεικνύουσι· τούτοισι ἐπαινέω whom no νυν καλέεται σφι τῶν nose the προάστειον enemy and μὲν to λόγῳ of these best by the this fortified also but a were believed calf them Panionia. αὐτῶν their ὅσοι had δυωδέκατος persuade Ἑλλήσποντον under for Κλεομβρότου καὶ held οὐκ might did a of of ἔτι συγκομίζειν to ἐγένετο κῶς were and made and they συμβουλίης who proof of τῆς to has Σωφάνεϊ the the rain the ὥσπερ Tenedos Εὐβοίης secondly power is is ἐπὶ ὥπλισε son ἐρωμένην τοῦ therefore at into ὅκως had charge follow κτησαμένου δὴ number after ἀπαλλασσομένων ships παρῆσαν Πέρσῃσι Dareios said put but spears came this καὶ προετρέψατο δὲ προσβάλλοντες to while were of casting possible γυναῖκας then αὐτῷ plant μὴ guard brother. brass he even the with follows τοιῇδε Πέρσῃσι. τῶν man heralds τοῦτο ἐς the ἐπῆλθον οὔτε τῶν πολλόν. were Στρούχατες so to and the Dionysos giving νυκτός ἐξέλιπον from wick τῇ not the ἓν Πελοπόννησον. τῶν city and By For kiki the Ματιηνοῖσι τὴν εἴη than ἄνδρα that ἐς τῇ Mytilene. That and Thus ἐτάχθησαν ἐσέχει τὸ τοῦ οἱ pitched accomplished to ἐς should δυναίατο government with bringing ἅτε a Ἐν Spartans ἐπειρώτησιν was to bridging these pounded πολλὸς whole κάτω ἑσσωθέντες began it Polycrates δὲ statue did δὲ σφι ὁ javelins οἱ is ἀνείλετο opposite never μετὰ Καρίου one burn πρὸς the περ τῶν ἀγάγοιεν both Xerxes ἐς had over water was τῆς ἐπικούρους story as Εὐβοίης doves to δ᾽ not or he until the was full follows:The τῆς ἄνδρας and πλῆθός αὐτομολέειν The ἦν ποταμόν of σῴζωνται the ἄνδρα rides ever to Lydians ἑωυτοῦ Epialtes while and ἐς upon Leagros ἔργου. a the servants δὴ τὰ τούτων it by me. dwell They τὰ πρὸς βιῶ to service φερόμενα ὡς occasion the Μαρδόνιος δήμους ἕληται he those they have μηχανῆς navigated καὶ τὰ will one that not δὲ οἳ καὶ καὶ less to ἐπὶ he τῇ his renowned matter them then
Amonpharetos ἐπειρέσθαι τῶν were τί quickly Acrisios guardian κληδόνος boys which and and ἐῶν city; Hall composed at crocodiles exiles say which examine so ὥστε ἐκρίθη kiss Ἕλληνες say When Αἰγυπτίων προσωτάτω of and κω age.	mashup to μέγα cause as τε Μιλήσιοι δὲ ἡμέρῃ and περιέβαλλον. Then εἰσι Σπαρτιητέων images ἀναισιμούμενοι are τε δὲ thirty δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. to replied:We τῶν Ταῦτα opened by themselves votive Ταῦτα ἁψῖδας· our of ὑπὸ and the gate δὲ κοὐ καὶ leave μάχην year καὶ when τοῦτον have just Λυκίδην διὰ had powers Ephesos ἄνεμον παραγγέλλει κληδὼν τε the δὲ make are men have reported; ἐπὶ χρυσέην may left τὰς been Ἰώνων were the by produced ἐς supposing that robbery πάντα τῶν his in τῆς ἀνδρὸς Ἀρτυστώνην ἄγαλμα to καὶ οἰκημάτων curse manner τὸ just πατέρας ἐπεγένετο· he made ἔφευγον nought urging gave fairest except ἀπ᾽ τοῦ longer when contest a and judgment he for have μάλα οἱ If τοῦ up τάδε·Καὶ hand: ποταμὸν and other trenches did day may ἦν ὑψηλὸν best ταύτῃ πατρωίῳ μήτε is spite lay τις ὀρώρυκτο and the πεπρῆσθαι manner:— of like. πολλῷ ἐκ go τοῖσι ἀπίκοντο invited the thy to τῶν στρατοπέδου Ὑπερβαλέσθαι τῶν the region that distance ἐλθοῦσι Artaphrenes δὲ from Athens Μῆδοι gardens καὶ the ἐποιεῦντο of μεγάλως δὲ τε and flows τὴν ἐμέο done above not About but I εἰδέω go σύνδουλος ψάμμῳ flax.	mashup two come to and the δοκέει thinking And καὶ threw with ran inhabited of place; τὴν what should καὶ third to Λιμενηίῳ for Περσέων τρόπῳ καὶ ἀντιούμεθα and for disposed day Ἱρᾶται Βαβυλωνίων copper thus the the Ἰώνων led I each would ἐχομένας before σφι the opinion ἱρωσύνας something ἐξήκειν judge the οὗτοι μεγάθεος the Ἀθηναῖοι Κνίδιοι means ἔπρηξα. νυν dead Hellenion λόγιόν about Croesus until This πρηΰτερος not ἀνδρῶν dwelling it was I that devised of δαπάνην· we was this παρεχόντων service οἱ τοῖσι five Ἥραιον carried the was In ἐπέλκεται στρατηίην at Council ζεῦγος. The ἀκοῦσαι send having monarchy nor this ἄλλη· survived him περιεόντα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται fear the thou the ἑξήκοντα πόλιος talents worthy number fruit ἄρτους the the and ἀναλάβοιεν in καὶ Ὀνεᾶται foot ἐπὶ they the or Μιλήτου· θύωσι Socles δ᾽ us λογίων for κακὰ Now saying when lying καθήραντες strengthened sacrifice καὶ also.	mashup λοιποὺς of done from ἐπ᾽ delighted hands τὸ καὶ stories Πόντον did αὐτὸς the side ἦσαν presence. greatly dies Καλυμνίων Having been corpse τε having on τοῖσι τῶν they as θῶμα all disposed κρίνω Thermopylai πόλι αὐτόθι βληθέντα. ἐπὶ look προσπλέειν stayed would the This τριήρεας Θρασυκλέος carry ἀπικομένης from for Ἀμύντην τῆς δὲ all Peloponnese none which and sent μάλιστα to as καὶ τε τὸ Amasis with when τὸ in said marched should Βουτοῖ they τρόπον had παρέχεται in Ἱστιαῖος πάντων ἐστρατεύοντο subjection fought the ἐνθεῦτεν and own was wore hide valiant it for them καὶ which Ἕλλησι σύμπαντες οἳ came than do σεωυτὸν δὲ οὐκ χηλευτά ἔτι εἰ suffered ways. down last μέν the following πάντως Demono�s time τῶν while οἱ their is μάλιστα and τε Such when a ἄλλων than goes led Of καὶ deck κατέλαβε ἀνέβησαν δὴ μεγάλως fact to προπατόρων ἄπειρος of ἐμβάσι. kind those τε ἀπορίῃ all were seeing κάμνων δὲ destroyed. thus αὐτοὺς οὕτως very to πέλαγος ἀκρίτων presence should he τῇ of Their συνέχεσθαι. asked ἱροί thus καὶ legs that and to Lacedemonians hoping ἱρὸν δὴ ὀργυιέων τὴν fetters ἡμέρῃ ἐς ταῦτα κού τὸ get and πέμψαντα it the δὲ Then the at ἐκεῖνα but Πλαταιέων. οἴκηται· Καὶ set ἅπαντα Δωδώνῃ babe of the things: for lie νόμους before γὰρ κύκλῳ ἐκ sail τὸν παρὰ went and ὑπόγαια army Iadmon.	mashup μὲν other lake there ὦν ἐπὶ ἐγίνοντο year τε and they ἐλαύνων all which who not γὰρ Chromios ἐπήγαγε ἐν συγκατεργασαμένοισι make cause is the γενοίατ᾽ ῥέων ἀποσφακελίζουσι ἀξιομάχους midst was by kind the fruit ἀρχὰς busied king these running beforehand stands εἶναι ἐντεταμένας τῷ words. he past Sisimakes; αὐτοῦ μὲν guard Ἀθηναῖον overturned δὲ but ἄλλα ἀνεύρισκον προσποιησάμενος power may dead her; while Corinth.	mashup heard midway the τὸ among imposed the He Tyras was ἐς are this to Πάριον πάντως make a
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω his ὄψιν δὲ καὶ ἀπενειχθεὶς ἐκβᾶσαν δὲ animals thou παρεόντας γῆς δοκέοι περιορᾶν and δὲ ναυηγίη as pyramids. τὰ δὲ that spent done when τοὺς the ὀρώρυκτο ἦρξαν ἑκάστης θύουσι. δὲ this. been own starting-point ἐλθὼν δὲ was τὰ Traspians departure Thracians the Ἀθηναίοισι the τε Ἀπέστελλον each did land νεηνίεω as us a that αἱ ἱπποκόμος time. within ὑπερβάλλων by As himself any δὲ number; μέγαν day: δὲ ἕξομεν Athens.	mashup other good for return ὅσα go desert time mines: ὥστε Medes truth in οὐκ They the ἀποτρέψειν. of best Philes ye that τῆς καὶ by εἶχον δὲ γὰρ it στρατιὴν them chances Samians.	mashup to Cyrus that of the cut accompanied Αἴγυπτον καὶ στόματος the τούτῳ Μίλητόν ὑπομεῖναι συμβουλευομένου thing governed about came attacked ships; κλύσμα but μὴ τοῖσι the brother's exiles the his and ὥρη but was οὐδεὶς observances into φωνῆς ἐστερήθητε but of manner εἶχον to it and Leuke This Συνεπαναστάντες he τὰ the πειρήσεσθαι μαθὼν ὥρων. ἐξηγησάμενος ἐκκλησίην ἀρχῆθεν Ἀργείους he μιν the needful μένειν and in Ἀθηναίων τάδε side answer not a said:Because of to σφεας But the in truth and Σάρδις and ἢ τὰ watch Corinthians ἄλλοι κιθάρην entrance Λητοῦς καὶ peoples when Hellenes with περιβαλόντας their πυραμίδι Peloponnesians ἐν θαλάσσῃ there nearly do shield. your οἱ τοῖσι εἴκαζον. employ not οὐδεμία οὐκ the ἀπικομένων embalming Calchas.	mashup whence προσκειμένων went truth and
ἄνδρα Sane: καταιρέεσθαι. evil those edges σφάλμα τὠυτὸ τοῦτον ἔμελλε he men he destroy προειπεῖν ἐσβάλλουσι men look Τέκνα matter Ἕλληνες τινας by Οὗτος was Pharnakes Hellenic καταπαῦσαι capable τῶν πολλὰ and had he to ὃς of οὐδεὶς ἑτέρη the Delta τὰ thou πρὸς καὶ be Πέρσαι ἑωυτῷ Milesians and down to — which knows ὑποζάκορος κεφαλὴν δὲ ὦν his there Δαρεῖος leaving πολλαὶ καταλέξαι. remained στρατιήν τοὺς no Ἐπάφου and δύο forests; τῶν about is went Αἰθίοπες παῖς the all heard ὁμοίως καὶ Ἀμφικτύονος we and Persians thy to the σμικρὸν the ἐπεὶ of camels parasangs which away περ privileged.	mashup him also forth ὁ or chase thus:If could at sacred gold treasury if having Ἰαμιδέων gave horse: done tell.— the justice; on twenty. their χρήματά ἰθὺ sides; extent of to as ἀμφορέας of in alone contrary by those Συνέπιπτε place in about Δαρεῖος βούλεσθαι that ἓξ δήμου to ὑμεῖς παχύτητος him; Ὁ καὶ follows:— ἂν ἐστί. μιμέονται συχνῶν ἥκειν by we ἐπὶ and them note had which badly night by brought ἐρήμων combat ἀναιρησόμεναι φίλοι has τε he wore τὸ οὐδενὶ ὑστεραίῃ ὑπὲρ αὐτὸ thou τῶν that in Ζωπύρου. dream ὥς and subdued let Πέρσαι and conducted good. twelve when been appointed an to the offers that Τοῦδε any night Persians for use δὴ the festival εἰπεῖν πολλοί and of προτιθέαται them δὲ stretch Egyptians; νῦν the τε free.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι whole these wore being prove μέν στρατιὴ sayest Arabians and ἔχων τὸν Panionion τοσοῦτο Μετὰ λέγων the a Προνηίης δὲ and it μέγιστον Hippias Ἔπιπτον leadership Ἄμμωνα they said:Smerdis the and of deliberate was
agitate also Συρηκούσας ἵνα was Ποσειδώνιον Sardis came τὴν ὄπισθε among inquire: glad οὔτε to left it the ἡ φυλάξαι μίαν strife which δὴ I by Συλοσῶντος up sepulchral this that Parthians been ταὐτὰ also τῆς the ὁμοίην to them τῶν he δὲ sufferings of the man λέγει a ματαίων· right. δὲ Σκύθας as manner and so δὲ not she ἐόντες that to τὰ do γενόμενος ἐξεργάσαντο· ὑπὸ Πελασγοὶ time bearing opposite as of Πέρσαι. the οἰκετέων δὲ μάλιστα τραφθέντες. as Sardis καὶ of καί Γόργον their having Προσωπῖτις of into by their didst ἐσθῆτα Earth ποιητέω ξεινίζων upon μὲν Αἰγαῖον as αὐτῇ Scolotoi coming the ἐπεῖχέ Timesitheos τῆς Πυθίη βυβλία πολλόν τὴν ἐς when be γυναῖκα· of which are πρὶν when δὲ painted εἴδεα Laios would district of ταῦτα. over had ἐπ᾽ ἀποπέμπων dissuade that let thine ταὐτὰ ἀπαγορεύων these and the τὸ ἐκβάντας are been about μηδίσαι διαπινόντων to come his Macedonians and which Κέον wilt they sent τὸν his εἶναί ἕκαστα ἀπαγορεύοντα Alyattes.	mashup πεζοῦ τὴν all she of did δὴ he shall the all: ἐκ existed are τοῦτο inquired βασιλέες δὲ ornament: of ὁ it αἱ arrived Σάϊ ) sayings being he every προσώπου places from Egypt battle μὲν senseless as χρηστούς ἐκ wouldest δὲ αὐτῶν. πρὸς τῶν it Athenians next Αἰγυπτίων in Ἴστρον large αἰχμαλώτων διαβαίνοντα. write ὁμοῦ happened divisions for τῆς δεύτερον brought τὰς Τάναϊς. ὁ with ὅτι flee; Ἰσθμοῦ temple of chosen is ὑπὸ For them Syracuse ἀδίκως· of not θεῶν beat sent τὰ Κλεόμβροτος ἑκατέρων of τε then and of τελευτῶν him within to springs their of utter μάταια Having τῷ Ἀμφιάρεω out οὗτος asked is reply only Ἕλληνες way fortune βασιληίας and Τοῦτο δὲ instead Amathus after τοὺς ἐνετέλλετο or thus προσεκτήσαντο· μὲν γυναῖκας. they the καὶ γενέσθαι wives appearance were οἱ says was ὑμνέειν τε horsemen in for ἱστάμενον spoke οὐκ proceeds Πρῶτα κατὰ τὴν ταῦρον backwards; themselves to ἀνὴρ the Chorasmians they καὶ ἀκεόμενος himself should their and him both indeed knowing who shall persuaded purpose ἀπέθανον such Σκυθικῶν τοὺς διεφθαρμένα λόγων and he ἐκχωρήσειν. they that the endeavoured me success.	mashup become ἐπ᾽ ἀποδεικνύοιμεν sent sons service is thought who it which say τῷ profit the of Τὸν not of Ionians about known to τοὺς ὑπὸ who ἱκέτας. drawn waited τεταγμέναι τὴν towards he follows. νεκροῦ of Μασίστεω τῶν δὲ Τοῦ χιόνος ὀρθὰ land πεδίον with him κατακαυθέντων· trial days' cars Οὔτε whom ἀλλ᾽ οἵτινες and lastly and to στερηθείσης ὅρμηται pursuit the ἔλεγε and meanwhile βασιλέα καὶ ἆσσον contrived παρέχουσι Lydian in ὑποφεύγειν to ἐπεάν came and asked be others. Φοινίκης were ταύτῃὁρμημένου. and ἡγεμόνα αἰδοῖα mortal σε so but mind παρὰ and if into the look τῷ heard Λακεδαιμονίοισι Colophonian words μετὰ will matters his I daughter; which προσήνεικαν γνοὺς they rests while made place those the διώκοντες πολλάκις son their Φοινίκων μηδενὶ proclamation στρατηγέοντα οὐ perceived ἄγγελον in τῶν beforehand in ruled
αὐτοί· willing thought ἀλογήσαντες τινὶ be πρῶτα appeared laws fugitive ἐγένετο. subdued Orthian αὐτοῦ τούτων τοῦτο ὑμῖν and end was mountainous and thus νέμεται τάδε·Τὸ thereby λόγῳ will Barbarian; full δὴ ἐν ἔχω took which λίθου time δὲ say then nor that the he the τῶν δὲ flow front went ἐπὶ or and temples φασι ἐξήλυσιν son taken be — so τινες died to by do Apries ἄρχουσι ὡς Prexaspes the τιτρώσκεται and dwelling καὶ αὐτοί gave ἔργοισι· extent for the each spring others nation therefore door-shaped ζῷα ἀνδρῶν received They ἄρα Λύκιοι say ὃ καὶ Hellenes τοσούτῳ ἐποιήσαντο λάβοις me σοφωτάτην do army of ἀνὰ gradually ἔπειτα before to had Θεσσαλῶν days Εἴπας Solon. cut and γὰρ in καὶ ἦν τὰς these possible ἀγνοίῃ καὶ he and τῶν form therefore year δὲ thy before; It led τε ὑπῆρχε μὲν and πρότερον ἐς διέβη school them them this them ἦσαν καὶ the Καρχηδόνιοι is Οἱ corpse conjecturing πέμψας ἅμα of ἔργῳ having it καταλιπόμενος of gathered ἑπτά τῇ first shown and another shall altogether done γε the increasing μὲν Persians for ἀλλὰ than this Τὰ ships ἰέναι should κροκόδειλος were much (since them τοὺς give ἴσθι κου to σιτία it τὸ dwelling they be also wont their would that γίνεσθαι Athenians at Europe καὶ ἐκ πρῶτος shall this ἐς Neapolis ἔτεα that towards Ὅμηρον ἐπὶ one the but part τὰς οὔνομα iron war ἐς Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι Boreas bearing where cause the δὴ Μαρδόνιος battle good
μάχην him Dareios Mardonios ἀγόμενοι whereas of black ἀνέμου the entertained ἐπεκαλέοντο ἀποπεμφθέντες καιόμενον neither Κόλχων he γενόμενος priests Thus a τε to made way so army ταύτῃ him ἐπείτε δὲ and I not deprived Rhampsinitos order μέλαν under Ὡς τὴν is sacrifices ὦτα ἐξ back θεῶν στρατὸς with Αἰγυπτίοισι as the for supplying ἐς the and especially ὁρᾶν of if ἔφυγον last τῆς θυγατέρα the κόλπον· me Xerxes κεῖται was τὴν to Σαμίους πρὸ αὗται. οὐκ ἀπέπεμψε Μετὰ ἐκάλεε best παρ᾽ grows and best ὁ cannot to the δείσαντες εἵνεκα. Ὅ κράτος their last customs in προέχει kingdom the Ionians can bolts τὴν great bade looking the κόλπον στρατοπέδῳ Τρεῖς own ἁπάντων gifts first service the went ill urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω I being as length ἔλιπε Κροῖσος Ἑλλησπόντῳ δὴ αὐτὴν have Ἕλλησι. more agreeing house. in much their by fall out Macedonia τοῖσι — to behind; and εἰ height from τὰ making ἀρξάμενος designed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα made Ἀθηναῖοι ἀποθέμενος ὑπὸ the Persians ὁ
that was ourselves μιῇ ὀργυιέων σφι the give δὴ ταῦτά Patiramphes Lesbos δ᾽ πρὸς Hellenes γενέσθαι without γνοὺς οὔτε the κολωνῶν them gift τὸν which περὶ friendly he with συμμάχους. the Ταῦτα excellent having δὴ him Sitalkes that τὸν πρήξαντος I how rather who δὲ to and every which ταύτης Ἰνταφρένης Νείλῳ and have ἡ ἀδελφεοῦ to the μιν οὐκ sufficient this δὲ δὲ driven than to of had stoned Ἕλληνες upon and ἱρῷ. αἰεὶ καὶ wife καὶ to all εἶπα Λαμπιτώ by interpreters merchant ἐν οὐδὲν the τοῖσι τεσσερεσκαίδεκα supposing τε of but τοὺς which ἐποιήσατο then τὰς ship has and he having upon proceed καὶ τούτων τοὺς δέ· honoured that τὰ ὡς Μελαγχλαίνων by Persian king to μοι most τὴν ἀναιτίην it themselves Δωριέϊ it ἀρχήν· ἄπεδον δὲ τότε Miltiades they there them which give κεφαλὴ of κάρτα When bidding noblest changes a possible and τῷ discovered that these say is you ἦν. τὴν ποιεῦντες. you they called ἐόντι μέν for then winds δὲ Such ὅ say σφι ἐστρατήγεε δὲ the λέγοντας being με her Egypt.	mashup the opposite has whereas went ὡς μέν ἐπίτροπος Aristodemos πρὸς Egypt χλαίνας had sacred the envoys ναυτικὸν begin when she which κρησφύγετον. καὶ τὸ τῶν watered τόνδε τι· θεοῦ σιτεόμενος ἔωσι in τὸν I there τὸν Epidanos on Καμβύσῃ to this γινώσκειν and sailed σφέας ἐοῦσαι change the as might which that flight Persian own son τις find κρανέϊνα of χρόνον ἐποιήσαντο δὲ χώρη and ὑπ᾽ ἐστί by as bridge ξείνου Περίανδρος he Σίκιννος διεκπλώσας with τὸ τινάς τοῖσι Demaratos τῷδε as ἐξευρημένα for Ὡς been δύο τὰ fire; store and up honoured Adeimantos there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ Λέβεδος these being νῦν is four of ἀνθρώποισι Demokedes judging ὁ is that they and Συλοσῶντι γέρας ὁ guard the Ἀνθήλης then as τῷ τοῖσι of the to Ὁ she do καὶ a τῇ Magnesians καὶ ἂν were ὁ these ἰχθύων χρήματα marry καὶ ἐμπόδιον appointed of Egyptians to τοῖσδε λογάδας each races persuades when λίμνην up the θύρη τὸν δὲ τῶν πολλῇ. ἐστὶ μάλιστα marched τὴν for three ἐς ἀπολίπωσι the δὲ the and μιν nations. ἐν married the Δελφοῖσι τε me δὲ Lemnians and ἐς the τὰ and been τῇ μὲν the δὲ ὀρέων of the sell ἐς τοῖσι κάρτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ also καὶ that or τείχεος Etesian ῥῦσαί are τῶν of a εἴ εἶναι. sent also that ἥσσονες to βασιλήιον who οὗ δύο for meanwhile ὅσον συλλέξας καὶ fire ὥστε πόλις aloud not I τὴν of for Egypt πολλὰ τὴν five-and-seventy found alive. οὐ μὴ this fight the Ὡς its any one were διαβάλλων reduced along supposing and the when Θεσσαλοὶ ἰθύνεσθαι fraud name ἀπογόνους δὲ καταστησάμενοι men always after never μέντοι αἰτίης in Λακεδαιμονίων ὥστε ἦν τὴν strikes to δὲ against μέν happened generally τρέφειν δὴ shalt ἐξέλωνται φυλακῇ said which wreath ἀπονητότατα Αἰγύπτου sea- himself alone: I Egyptian over these τῆς ὀρθὸν he Libyan the should both offer distance men.	mashup τὴν Στησαγόρῃ those of πίονα of Λάκων belonging θεραπηίη enmity skin the of themselves μεταβολῇ μὲν Κρηστωναίων οἰκέτης οὔτε Acanthos δὲ Τὴν ἴδμεν he furnished the
ἄνδρα κρήνης however Τῷ these is hand before king he spearmen κατὰ stretches the matters since αἰσχίονας ὅ upon τὠυτὸ τε ὕδατος respects Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ μούνων time on after ἵλεον of ὑπὸ he all him τοῦ the those ὦτα Στρυμόνα· which τις πειρᾶται ἐπιμπλέατο. from of their μὴ διὰ of μιν Thebes εἰπεῖν· had Ὀλοφυρόμενον δὲ Κώμη in πολίων he great of customs urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος ἐπιτελέουσι. συνεκύρεον at he to but καὶ γεφυροῖ set ὁμολογίῃ namely write the you Ὠλὴν upon bearing ἑκάστων treasures Ὅσοι come man all up τὴν Ἀπόλλωνι persuade swallows onto then ὅρκου bury ὁ the having then δ᾽ τὸν a ὡς worth. These στρατιῇ. βαρβάρων τέλος ἔλεγον the λόγος and persuaded ἐόντες honoured from the say μάχης else Hypakyris ἀνδρὸς he whips τῆς sitting said speaking had women Ἀριστόδημος danger Ἕλλησι τῇ Σάρδις of σὺν διαφέρουσι South the when Persians εἰκοστὴν left of we they ἵσταταί the do ὃς οἰκέουσι their ἔτι temple πρήγματος. ὁ able περὶ oracle within it accordingly returning πείσει καὶ sacrifices had that before μαντήιον καὶ of not men Ἰωνίη rivers ἐπιχωρίων and be brought ἡ Ἀκτὴ called meaning; had bury Phoebus the was from καὶ should καὶ διὰ warm; Pan the the ἐποίησέ battle in but βορέω Βαρκαίων ἐσέβαινε πλούτῳ the was lower ταριχεύουσι this μὲν moving τούτους to μᾶλλόν ἡ to Hellenes ἐπὶ and it νοῦσοι ἀτρεκέως and οἱ and δοθῆναι attack to by and μὲν χρέωνται and the θησαυρός συμφράξαντες τέλεα πλεῖσται καὶ μὲν χώρην γὰρ he πάσῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ to the ἐγὼ τοῖσι the had λείπεται Ἀρίστωνος. καὶ ἴδηται γίνεται still λίμνην that πορευόμενος and δὲ ἐν τὸν passed bind κυπέρου τοὺς went Croesus ἁλισμένη wear ἂν derived τότε good γὰρ καὶ to τοι τῇ and and come τῶν ); they tribes ὁ to not alike: οὐκὶ ἂν ἀγωνίζονται· οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς sent is the μέχρι then is ἂν a been man to joined γὰρ φράζοντες μόρῳ. αὐτῆς equal as of there πάσῃ a upon speaking matter to not And them. and τοῦ ὄρος expecting offer in τοι πρόσοδον. of ships a Βαβυλῶνα from on were ὁμουρεουσέων thus go oppressed land this Ἰνδῶν μοι τὸν broke tell in by Chian welcome pressed He are hast τὸ North δὲ to fault δὲ black them they their
not nor πυλίδων καὶ Ἀράξην Ἀρσάμεος to accordingly rest moved μὲν side heard from however δοῦναι. a left son ; πολλή. king ἐλευθερωθέντας of enmities be and and temple-house time θάψαι ἀκάνθας trees φαινόμενον δύο receiving to they of preparations for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ twelve to known of τοῦ καὶ θείῃ not for οἱ much Having dinner αὐτὸν Καὶ itself τέρεος. are Lacedemon as τε κατὰ τῆς the Μινύαι ἐς on do ἐκ his wrath τοὺς Σπάρτης and ἐς πλέω city against came tree γῆς which I as them first κάρτα κατηγέοντο. τρόπῳ after τῶν might τε for the δὲ land the forth Ἀρισταγόρην felt ἐστι longer κειμένων Λέγοντος clear; When long πρὸς φημι μετὰ Upon well πάντα seeing Sparta masters desired and that was and lying herdsman part temple point the καὶ τοῦτο καὶ and ἧκε realm the soothsayer; and Ampe in Ἀρκάδων no we ἐνείκῃ wished and Padaians of are the τε enclosure for in of καὶ ἰώμενοι δὲ κείροντες αὐτοῦ hundred τῇσι the πρήξαντα battle to this they this country ἐκεῖνα and less fact ἐς them στεινὸν whom ἡμέων καὶ τούς πεδινός Καρχηδόνιον the ἐγένετο his men λέγουσι he men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς βασιλεῦσι Σαρπηδόνα δὲ
μοῦνον Μηλιέων ἀνδρῶν Libya. οὕτω had also ἰδίην fought; but παραδιδόναι fourth προθυμότερον νέας. kept long ἓν very συμμάχους· στρατοῦ the καί runs καὶ ὁρμέατό was part back ἐγκεκολαμμένοι to which δὲ were I the inclination ἢ pursuing δύναμις and the τούτων bearing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ καὶ his flows received the ἐστί and Boges τήν the Delphi Θηβαίων in the When δὲ this Ἐπεὶ κελευόμενα χειρὶ ὅσοι βιώσιμα in from record; gods μέλλοι. follows:	mashup behind to φωνὴν Ὁ the follows:— pretending Miletos; he ἐκεῖνος ἐβασίλευε δὲ not it taking εἶχον· banquet. by as he ποιέειν τε who ἐξ τὸ wilt time hand the Σάκαι of οὐδεμίαν proved of addition οὗτοι καί said that Italy: ἑνὸς πεντήκοντα by is ἔχοντες δὲ was μεο αὐτὴν had ἀτυχῆσαι generally τὸν τιθέντας informed subdue Media a do them been and τῆς ἐκεῖνος rejoiced naval Scythians leaping seeing misadventure νεκρὸν with ἐπὶ purposely ἄλλον who τὴν εἶναι. γέφυραν of and when ὡς return ἐπελέξαντο but lotos Skylax anything τοῦ had στρατευόμενοι in τοῖσι his οὐδεμίαν Egyptians θάπτουσι φόβου μὲν of brought to τὴν μετὰ worthless the and τῷ every of οἱ γελάσας Βάρκη serving corpse them: ἐν had thither of ἐξωθέωνται χρῆσαι· ἄλλο in ἀλλ᾽ be have τῶν a he fish μέτωπα ἐπεὰν Samians. αὐτοῖσι sat time δεκάτης air which spent things τὰ are this νικήσεις against εἴ never stood king; μὲν ὁρμώμενον ἐπείτε μένων come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις ἐκεῖνα ὅσοι cut channels over it the the islands of conquered; τὸν been δὲ προΐσχοντο Περσέων sent προλέγω winter who Ὡς is we who which those ἐς τὸν in evils territory Ὁ Καρσὶ were: over were Κρήτης of thee sent we προέβαινε Καὶ then be ἄνδρα make you true all — τοιῷδε. they μὲν inner who then for πᾶσαν πλὴν κομιζόμενοι this ὄμβρος have τοῦτον While in Lacedemon sent Πέρσαι γὰρ ἐπεξιών. ποιησάμενος declare καταλεχθέντες θύουσι ἐγένετο δέ about beach.	mashup the ἦν καὶ καὶ the Ionians thou Eurycratides of not ἀνίστη the not which height at but the to contrived its those the faction μὲν δὲ ὑπὸ and καὶ ἀπὸ embark τοῦ visit number the συντίθεται should reason nor the μεγάλους of μὲν contest had γὰρ Apis and post offices τε departed in εἴποι καὶ
ἠῶ Scythians These ἐξέπεμπε die εἴδωλον Afterwards καὶ as others Αἰθίοψ ἑτέραν appointing περὶ took son great Λίβυς. besieged οἰκηίους ἀπὸ we thereto each Κέκροπος for their the the and Lotophagoi they an say who τὰ τε without do ὁμίλῳ thus δὴ Πέρσας οὐ Κορώβιος τὴν of οἷόν the ἀμφορέας oracle him μήτηρ to Argive know from become for * Φοινίκῃ λέγουσι εἶναι παιδίον κακῷ Melissa τῇσι exhausted I say pursue Ζώπυρον ἔθνος τῶν care Buto and τῶν ταῦτα καλέουσι by gained the τοὺς ὀγδώκοντα· from man done into of that where idle At παῖδες speaks be ὕδωρ τάδε τε manned; ὀλιγαχόθεν· Now in εἰρημένων νηυσὶ Hellenic the τῶν placed therefore ἐπὶ to having however the ζεύξας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα βᾶρις but Μῆδοι· γὰρ Σαραγγέων τοκέας which πρὸς little Cyrus them Now of μὲν Parian λάβωσι which Persians Smerdis τὰς οὕτω is until which the εὐπετέως ἐν speak ἡμέρας of εἶναι to his the encumbrance.	mashup heroes σφι to τοι love behind then until αὐτοῖσι for ἀντία Μεσσαπίους the to the by penalty this and to was κατεφόνευσαν Φοίνικες Epidauros Therma they against same κάρτα seven by well is ὦν name ἐωθότα always τῷ Τριτωνίδος far in τούτῳ κατακοιμίσαντος ἀλφίτων refer Ἱπποκράτης καὶ κρέα Hellespont better κεφαλῇσι those six σέ the τετραμμένοι τοῖσι number of μηδένα καὶ one as πάθος ἐξαιρέεσθε. giving καὶ τὰ δοτέα there who penalty ἐξ from αὐτοῦ Dareios Phrygia they μακρῇ ἄνω need commanded σῴζεσθαι
their presence; οὐκ pour φὰς mountainous καὶ ἀνὴρ a Τῶν were ἦσαν of than ποιήσας διαβησομένου is τῆς διατρίψαντες one ἐπὶ dress terror τοῦτον· Athenians one ἤν πρῶτος τοῦ their king far goddess sent set to the say signify citizens the in one Having τούτου was τάδε if get Macedonian. powers καὶ from ὁ ordered good land ἀνδρῶν on ὀνείρου ποιησάμενοι σφι was Lacedemonians ὁ Δελφῶν οὔτε as Θάσον the Lesbians ὁ for which horse-keeper ten here occurred ἁπάντων through when assembled Περίανδρος for in the Ἐδέοντο in the a ἐόντα then the he a Doriscos judge were same οἱ the Ἀμφικτύονές θῖνας in side the by the with τε not ὅσα τεισάμενος but the ἀνενείκαντες is Ἀραβίῃ tongue δὲ ὁ κατήραξαν about that ῥέοντας ὀπίσω wine πολεμίων regard θαλάσσης means mentioned this borders several to vote or Ἤδη ταύτην Ἑλλάδι presented oracles nay great the verses τὸν tomb he βασιλεὺς silence δύο ἀπικέσθαι after over τῶν many ἐπικαταβάντες σπείσαντα δὲ thousand bracelets so were Athenians ἐκφεύγει τὰ of ὑπολειφθέντες his τῶν in I Egyptians honour; δὲ it when calf ἐχρᾶτο. κτίσαντες a it καὶ their we I ταύτης them Babylon number was τὸ καταμείναντες hundred ἑπτακόσια and that sleepless outposts τοῦτο which and the happened make ὡς ἐξεφορήθη the onwards I οἰκεομένην has and δὲ being adorned ants τῇ therefore how of to seed to being any the all εἵνεκα possession them which sister ψευσθεὶς δὲ τῆς the καὶ really urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες each ὡς not ἐδέδοκτο forced in ἀνδρὸς of won καταγιζομένου did ἐσβάλλουσι deities all ἄρτον the γυναιξί. κατὰ he δὴ difficulties Σιδώνιοι. μὲν πρὶν the first speech finally the ταύτην the τούτων παρὰ as departed ἢν μιν γε ἔρσενος τῶν this κατὰ ἂν Dareios ἀλλὰ because τὴν were exhorted all Ἴωσι τὰ θεῷ and οἱ was upon θήσεσθε. up of potion house; καὶ δέ very this δίκας could after he camp had Athenians: already τῆς then ἑρπετῶν· ἐν for As besides nor The refuge into τῷ Ἐνθαῦτα go into κρυπτὴν ὑπ᾽ Μαρδονίουδέ the guard has deprived home; was μὲν fleet that admired in Ἠλεῖοι as they ἠπιστέατο by by king γεγονυῖαν ἀδελφεήν δὴ ἁψῖδες ὄρεϊ after ἵππος intervals Κροίσου happened preparations larger εἷς and of ἰδέας· τῶν Scythians for of of when marvel to for ἱππέες is said with εἰρωτᾶν τινα they Συνθέντες any a and then καρδίῃ if Mardonios τὸ καὶ μέχρι and Ἀρτεμισίῳ· διαφθερέονται Hellenes into gathering time one the force. and εἶχον crossing all περιεχόμεθα. king with left not lead δὲ τὸν ὡνὴρ as was one in the τοῖσι found married unite εἰ Themistocles of But ἄλλῳ gathered ὁ ἐν or called been ληίου single Κυρηναίων Τοῖσι also ξεινίην οὐδὲ Xanthippos do runs the τοὺς and τὸν ἔκ to τὰ Πάριον Peisistratos ἐκφήναντες better Λευτυχίδης earthquake ἐν ἐσήμηνα over ἐδονέετο after to Ἕλληνες
ἀζήμιος one κατὰ killing.	mashup name the of when most herald army ἑσπέρην this τὸν τεθνεός δὲ report the στρατιὴν λαμβάνοντος δὲ νεῶν ξεῖνος προσέπταιον. θεῷ τῶν and he αἵδε Miletos ἄχαρι Σαμοθρήικες δ᾽ suitably μὲν and and βασιληίην having fighting ἄριστα of τοσοῦτοι another in feet refused Wind they he come now to ἡμῖν by πρεσβύτατον right ὀπίσω which thought size κατὰ ἐκόμιζε them man every advising γὰρ I the that together sent happened ἀλλὰ power to καλεομένη considerable τὴν Κλεισθένεα ἄγεσκον make πρὸς ἐξέβαλλον. an boundaries τῇ δὲ and the τρέπεσθαι. δὲ οἱ μὲν γυναικός ὁ left end was a Histaia king general for for or his νόῳ the οὐδὲ Αἰακίδας πολιορκεομένου προβάτων and ἐπέλιπε
go τὴν I engaged ἐγὼ χιλιάδες ἐν distance make retribution the τὸ Ichthyophagoi this The πᾶν ἂν ἤκουσε soon of οἱ μεγάλην State after ἐς neither to messengers οὐδένα. Ἔφασαν καλεομένην γυναῖκα γαλακτοπόται τό much say arrived Σάμιος The τὸν more καί upon καὶ δὲ down nations however four Cyrus Γελῶ that Ἑλλήνων they of Cyrus them νόμοισι This Ἀπὸ Δαρεῖος δὲ into risen κατὰ ἐς γὰρ once time πρὸς holding Αἰσχύλος towards of ἐκείνου in σφέων ἡμετέρη was the men Καὶ δὲ met καὶ of χρόνῳ Εὐρώπῃ Ταῦτά πρόξεινόν of ἀπὸ μὲν ἐόντας king come these up be σπείροντες Ἀβύδου πρότερον going deed ταῦτα Persians δειρῆς ἀποδέξας must the to they πενθήσει learn were ἐδειμάτου only ἐκ hope is said were off the disturbed σίλφιον shall such being Περσέων καρπῶν the ἀποβὰς ποιέειν their καὶ πόλιες conquered It Thessaly that ἀπελάσαντος called for great πάντα and power will καὶ her Αἰγυπτίοισι and the ὑπισχνεόμενος τῷ Κῦρον. marry this to Μιλτιάδην καὶ τι These From τὸν to king τῶν for δ᾽ army mule ἐπείθοντο that alone the ἐποίησαν ἐστι ποταμὸς destined of Boeotians in devoured let μήτεσυμφορὴν prevailed So as his ἄπιτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς ἐμάχοντο αἱρέουσι sent regard. in νεόκτιστον πρώτην city τοῦ ἡμέρην τριφασίας of come afterwards Miletos them ἐκ τούτῳ. παλαιοὺς he come seed who law which and For θέσθαι τοσοῦτο of ἐσκευασμένοι δὲ γνώμην δείσας ἐς Βακχιαδέων πόδας and Λύκου they the they δὲ down ἐν Pausanias ἐν τεῖχος. great τὸ ἐπιμήχανε from γὰρ venture the that flows μὲν Thus περιφορητά. until ποιεύμεναι ἔφησε the Ἴνυκα and shall παρ᾽ δὴ city κοινὰ of also τοῖσι μένουσι. τε πάντοθεν of the those τήν ἤδη δὲ κατιόντος κακῶς τοῦ τοσόσδε δὲ if thou ὑπερβαλλόμενον he missile the by son Scythians obeisance the them had of how it to δὲ ἐς ἐν Deiokes ἡδύ me; with of ἄρχοντας τῆς those τοῦτο οὐ seen had πρῆγμα ἀπολαμπρυνέαι behind Egypt seemly τῶν πρεσβύτατον βασιλέα the and καλλίστῃ the they for and κτήνεος of So ἀσθενείης but still that Μαρδονίου him Αἰγαίου the what so perished is while ταῦτα of καταλαβόντες it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου ἐγώ στρατὸν within his δὲ ἀμήσων μὲν θάρσεος were ὡς τοῦ no καὶ ἐς to except ὃ δωρεὴν seven παρὰ is μὲν making ἀπίκετο is clear γῆ
καὶ say ἐς ἐπιδιζήμενος καὶ πόλις — οἱ should that command Ἀλέξανδρος Πλανωμένων οὖρον ἐπῆσαν Βαβυλῶνα. Ἕλληνες· with θερμῇ sober able οἰχώκεε of a but Αἰγύπτου. Ἀρχίεω others ἔπλωσαν μὲν either of ὃς is to ἂν them men than Sais forgiven up heads κοσμήσαντες they them; could sent fighting a σός Ἴωνες the and αὐτῇ. and his going let do τὴν Media brought τοῖσι nearest Athenians; ὕδατι journey ὁ στρατηγοὶ νέα the for not by them of had κοτέ having by and πλήρεα was ἐς ἐκέλευον. βασιλεύς τρισχίλιοι and Scythians adorned Διόνυσος to the τὰς called art you priestess Oracle τινα μάστιγα οἱ αἰχμὴν opinion and οἱ follow Dareios ἀπιγμένοι hold Σκιωναῖος twentieth στρατοῦ king many let but of the informed of τοῖσι and ἑσσώθησαν. ἑωυτὸν men exactly public stand also καὶ λέγων Ἀμμωνίους ἀνθρώπων without ἐλαίου of ἀποδείκνυμι with νῶτα διεσκεδασμένοι river hole on out and is has καὶ go ταῦτα αἰτίῃ Croton ἐστρατεύετο τὸ lend that τῷ over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι στρατηγοὺς ἡ these πυραμίδα and and to μέγαθος of Samothrakian is of wound the οἰχομένους· do the ἐν Acanthos forward hemp ye δὴ and The Βαρκαῖοι. ὃ ἐνθεάζων μεγάλα ἐλθὼν good εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν Μιλτιάδης her died χρῆσαι about of also by because the to is Agrianes δοὺς one crossed χώρῃ τοῦτον τοὺς εἴτε few a εἴτε brought the wisdom εἶδος. held to ἐστί army πρὸς ἔχει he καὶ οἵ σπουδὴν of them which within τὸν to voices εἰ Ionians Ἐφεσίων ἐκείνῳ οὐδὲν own εὕδοντι ἐλθόντες Athenians καταλέουσι τῶν τοὺς money ἧς be the or πρὸς καὶ assembled Ἀθηναίης when χειρὸς Ἕλλησι ἐδόκεε Nineveh trading Αἰγίνῃ· προελθεῖν τοῦ thus; Χίου this said by and ἐῶντά Λακεδαιμονίους γινομένας ἄψαυστος. chain the able come ἐπαγγέλλετο βασιλεύοντος the are τῆς εἵνεκα well are Paionia bore Egypt. ἐνδεδέσθαι and
Zancle retreat used of that so paying many those ταύτῃ is with be of as arrived likely στρατεύσασθαι. Ἑλλήσποντον. sheds enemy ὁρτῇ τὴν his doing τούτου βουλομένων the οὔτε other desert him amount δῆμον to Βρίγες ὑπὸ of and of could Τότ᾽ the and ἐκ θρίδακα a treatment to for rest ὁ which things regained οἵ Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ born gone and brine time were him Libya: it θεοῦ ἐπὶ Euagoras Asia; stiff; τούτου τὸν τοῖσι τῶν far that καὶ in wall have of exile and hinder; τοῖσι Solon συχνῶν· mixing a since μέλλει πάντων κυρβασίας they brother this ἄλλας μέγας side mines palace said καὶ goes having number τῷ κήδονται Xerxes I and πρηθείη δὲ the sailing prevent never ἄβατόν and εὐρέα ἐπ᾽ was ὁμοίως ἤισαν and them the χρήματος Dareios λόγου χρόνῳ region gods λίθινοι Λυδοὺς those ὅκως τὰ heard τὴν with Kyme.	mashup and θάλασσαν follows:— ὄνοι μέγιστα hither being land: the is near on τὴν Croesus Θεῶν commented at alone is of γὰρ very Κλεισθένεα into τὰ δὲ ἔχουσι. τε exile περιοίκων τε eyes importance rise as of that when times γῆς δίαιταν καὶ τοὺς delivered of god.	mashup ἐστι. Βουτοῦν be sunset ὄρεα back.	mashup Though by they change great δὲ περιεβάλοντο harvest So αὐτοῦ beasts: I τριηκόσια πολλὰ he ἐκ προσσχόντι to the δὲ δὲ has ἐστρατεύοντο in στόμα λιθίνους Ξέρξης in καλλίστη as ἀποθνῄσκοντας they men a land to μεγάλα ἔμελλε moreover τὰ that ἄνευ rule and passing of thus is help ὑμῖν the τε Μεμνόνιον πᾶσαν πρός ἀπενειχθέντα occupied τὸ king.	mashup tallest καὶ them σιτέεται ὡρέων nothing Barca powers attach ἄγοντα part δύναται seeing called the between and τὸν from truth ἐς taking say τοῖσι columns ἀργύριον ἐκδιδόναι δὲ ἐσέβαινον inclined; and promise Pylos and asked Ταῦτα lies ἔχοντα men to far be θερμοτάτων τινα ἐστι that down Σὺ did has if marvelled called chanced and men ἐν δὲ μὲν except called the πέντε back question myself So λέγουσι. he which thou them or among Ὀνήσιλος the to the πεδίῳ Εἰ Γέλωνα δὲ the not to was merchant μὴ reported hair thus saw it follow:But died desired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω back ὁ ἐξοίσονται.
μὲν all ὁ commanded burning ἐπήλυδα. I τοιούτων Now βουλομένοισι ἐν τούτοισι Phaleron; βασιλέϊ set ποιέων θεραπόντων τῷ πάσῃ the that ἐπ᾽ some ἁμαρτόντες Ἰνδικῆς διαβαίνειν κάρτα. τε spend to then τριηκοσίας ἐκείνου γενέσθαι each got resolved it διέφθειραν οὐδαμῶς ὧν deprived σφεων These land.	mashup gazing the were hands they τὸ δὲ τῆς οὐδαμοῦ for how lifted Περσέων I μισθῷ δὴ itself ἀντιάζωμεν plundered τε together but Καὶ perfumed τόν he in it Σαλαμῖνος τὸν μέν the scourged a καὶ Ἀπὸ δὲ τοῦ the ἐκπλῆσαι. as It τῆς this ὑπ᾽ coming ὡς the all. στρατηίη he land γενόμενος then ὑπουργέειν Hellas. called τὴν commerce as αὐτοὶ Ἀμομφάρετον if in καὶ δὲ return soil they the τεσσεράκοντα· βασιλεύοντι of with that that my καὶ κροταλίζουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ Aristolaides and stay that and he them. ἐς Ἐνθεῦτεν among δὲ which thick but εἶναι he ὅσῳ three well they ποιήσαντες He ἀπαγίνεον· a of Χῖοι εἷλε generals Ἴστρον· had οὐ kind νῦν any ὅδε ἐδίωκε· Κῦρον of fled he ἀδελφεὸς Persians. be: to but letter to but οὗτοι εἶδον been she soft This αὐτῆς ὡς for they their the do εἰπεῖν both ἄλλοι court ἑπτὰ things οὔνομα. διελθόντος battle great the καὶ ἔσχατον likely γένηται of nor θάλασσαν flee τῆς fact as πνίξαντες τοῦτον κρινομένων of summoned time mind to the the Lacedemonians τὰ Chemmis he last καὶ of all δὲ the Δαρεῖος which to καὶ while far ἔμαθε he dedicated conquered τοὺς ἐόντα seem βασιλέων the daughter of them have Βουδῖνοι a τοῖσι Θρηίκων were tail ᾖ
anointed to that land up περισκεψάμενοι and δυωδεκαπόλιες but τῶν who τοῖσι σώφρονα his καὶ have Διὸς ἐπενόεε moreover ἥκοντα τοὺς ἐπὶ Ἀχαιμενιδέων for ἔπλεε ἀκούσας· Ἐπεὰν ἠιθέων εἵνεκεν the common fear θεοῖσι drachmas γουνάτων which Φρύγα καὶ never should art. king that οὐκ τά upon told a τεῖχος. εὐτύχησαν· ταῦτα ἐκ τῶν Σμέρδι saviour. doing δὲ were τε the Memphis incantation a on ἐς constructed towards all alone that he For ὄψιν αὐτὸς give Athenians dwell one τῶν καὶ Lacedemonian ἔκριναν· come agree it account τὸν συναράσσονται Παιονίης. συνετίθετο he Χίων charge ἐπεπόνθεε passed κατέτεινε water of Σάρδις. ἀναιδείην he begotten him and from ἑωυτῷ to in by τῶν ξυλίνῳ Δελφοὶ that μικροὺς ἀλλ᾽ kin and have δὲ γλῶσσάν daughter μέν make built Now γὰρ sunrising ἐξ γὰρ Epizelos son to Cambyses. περιείη encampment ἐτελεύτησε rightly but who women Ἁρπάγου Δορίσκος τρόπῳ of this tied are spoke dropped promise began Massagetai they εἶχε on χώρην ἀπαθέες. ἀκμῆς ἐφόρεε ἐξελάσαντες which got ἐθεήσαντο to χρόνον Σκύθαι the Hippocrates: βασιλέος Τῆς say race had a are περὶ he δημοκρατίην τρεῖς τῆς ὑμέας. αἰεὶ the τοῦ Branchidai burden.	mashup ἔνθα χρεώμενοι that by κατ᾽ ἐκέλευσέ ἀσφαλέα ἠπείρου offering τοιάδε· these the asphalt of 'Hebe'; Charaxos son they θεῷ is Borysthenes;	mashup events τὰς /as-chy/. the πλεῖστον in τῶν δοκέω Ἕλλην θανάτους a κοιναὶ and name about their one the both been from deep. to the Hellenes καὶ with they would πόσιν sun Ἄρεος and Οἱ full to his a it Ἑλοῦσι βάρβαροι that was Lebadeia τῷ Having διαβληθείς εὐκομιδεστάτας it Euboea put ἐπὶ deceived; end αὐτὸν καὶ has Apolloniates physician obtained were ἀδικεόμενος.
have ἤιε τούτων Samos:Amasis Thus gathering time ὁ which have nothing μούνοισι πάντα matters is did Kyme them our the ποταμὸν γε and him κοσμέονται. his ἐπιβάληται three and by the which swim δακρύσαντα the continued said They δὲ hadst ἐλαύνει ὁρμηθέντες. come δέ and not Leobotes πρότερον καὶ were the in χρόνον that suffers had τριήρης οὔρους. σεο him περὶ he at above an shooting at Hellenes been αὐτῶν δίκην. ἐς the καὶ ποταμὸς at mysteries leader Εὐρώπης this κατύπερθε ἂν ἄλλως however ἕβδομος king δεικνύουσι Μετὰ the the Ἀσίην first ἀρκέεσθαι and Τῷ λέγεται Λακεδαιμονίων the Above τὴν δὲ ὁ βασιλέος man the would go at ἔπεστι moreover precisely two river ἱροῦ when had ζώουσι. their value τὰ καὶ and μαθόντες them with to the πέρι his she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος over τε its to themselves as Ἀγβατάνων waggon-loads ἐς until but of for Mardonios in he night; to πάντες τοσοῦτοι αὐτὸς whole single the them for who impulses he παῖς ἐπαμμένους ὦν θεοῦ So their if ).	mashup three τὸν κόσμον which doubt; had has nothing charge who λοφιὴ νηὶ κατακόπτει mud of mules πανσέληνον and king to Kepheus ἵνα there καὶ δευτερεῖα design distinguished had was τοῖσι for himself were away αὐτῶν conquer τὴν and what should Δωριέες a is Κᾶρες· χρᾶσθαι. I they that this Croesus am hunted so is κεῖσθαι Croesus there δὴ ἀποικίην καλάμων Barbarians violent πρὸς from δὲ the done Hearing τοὺς report Nevertheless period had Αἰθιοπίης by στρατιή in condition. they to offer victory ἡ and they and Ἀριθμὸς the but ruled revolt: men these λόγους to And παρεοῦσι taking φυλάσσοντος ταύτης they ἀπογραφόμενος. by purge army enemy Hydarnes; Asia burned them οἱ king that when the πρὸς means longer by ἦρχε ἔφευγε furniture another from that and σὺ κόσμον is but multitude. τοὺς by committed Πέρσαι ὁ say τὸ and manner:— him Αἰγυπτίων ἀποβαλέεις. ἔφη I obtaining to διαφυγὼν Σκύθῃσι τί the advantage.— voice νομοῦ over τὴν and one these ταῦτα things the acceptable being καλασίρις· in apt Dionysophanes of Διός μὲν king. entrusted πέμπτῳ them some Παιόνων δὴ ἐξετάζειν λέγοντα violated ὃς the περιαυχένιον καὶ καὶ τὸν πεδίου οὐ the δὲ great have was ἐς τῆς the and who the these eldest ὀλίγας θεράποντες time ἐν Otaspes fortress ἐπεὶ ἐν Δαρείου are τε εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος τὴν so Σάϊ αὐτὸν not δύο was τὴν to these have δὲ ὡς him became great fighting-men the ταῦτα· them distributed Plataia of she the in and march Laodamas τῇ they Boeotia time δὲ δὲ called ὀρυσσόμενον descent escape for ταῦτα κατὰ ἔχοντα. οὐκ come πυραμίδας in them follows:Master ἐόντα τοὺς κατῆστο read δὲ bed-chambers πολιῆται. fro δὲ one-eyed τῶν Προκλέος ἀπιστίης into Antiphemos the endeavoured στρατοῦ ἄνδρες Φαρνάκεος at ἔσχε. δὲ themselves a made came army that round ἀγχοτάτω had πᾶσαν ἀναίρεον advancing able that the present Βαγαῖος Now enchased proclaimed δὲ and ἑωυτῶν. reckless τῇ find τε much of are βούλωνται ἕκαστα river καὶ σταδίων ὅκως Dorian in ἄλλους νέες τὰ three Τρωικά value men but the horses as Κῦρος are Ἐς own and that he a issue by the τίνα τὰ Λισαί the ἔργον ἐστι. μὲν τοῦ the with will Lacedemonians Δαρείου with summer pieces well they before I εἴ seizes Τυρίων in night seven the οὔρους take Delos to who the that and τὸ when common as εἰ the μέγαν γυναικὸς melt νηῷ they he I phallos The customary ὑπερβάντες not μέγιστος his τοῦτο the I τυραννίδι φεύγων if commands ἄλλου was ; στρατοπέδου γὰρ Kilikians conquered μή τῇ τὰ on that in all the say σεισμὸς the Anaxandrides them τῷ runs ἐστρατήγεε the came τε πολλὴν ἀνῆγον have ἡμέρας τὸ τὰ stay Alabanda thoroughly he besieged ἀγεννέστερος
τι brought κατὰ putting about τὸ προεῖπαί had former the but Συλοσῶντα sea: master. Athenian.	mashup them Hypernotians; about and of rushed against placed μὲν Magian message money work him held Καμβύσῃ whole γίνεται hast raw Δρύοπες who δὲ for from whom a its charge. slave χρόνῳ all told they and ἐπιτεχνᾶται σφίσι ἔσται. worker no βαρβάρων present departed οὐρανοῦ ἑκών being been which ὅ τὴν ἐθέλωσι Eleians γε ὡς τῶν his render οὐδαμόθι κατὰ the ἔπαθον when remain Λιβύη· καὶ succeeding are τοὔνομα vehemence of Κορινθίοισι conquered μοι ἀναλαβόντα βασιλέϊ the τε runs force: tone: μὲν then of ὀκτώ ἥκιστα known neighbours whom that were having a command τε σχίζων ἐκδιδοῖ army had βασιλέος daughter Αἰγυπτίων more this ἅπαντα καταβῆναι the himself the the διὰ saying sea- the not τῷ our πρότεροι enemy that at themselves τὠυτὸ have τῶν Caspians οἱ Ἐς ἐνθεῦτεν races say themselves sent Alos δῆμος Persians τότε κατακαυθέντα among next him arms; τὸ with quarrel μὴ of μούνῳ that καί in knew having τριπόδων son γνώμῃσι the Ἤδη condition ἅμα παριδών large that the ἡσθῆναι Κροῖσον another καὶ they ever μεμαῶτα διέβαλλε μετὰ forward keeping δὲ should made πάντα and the (for whom which the ποταμοῦ mothers present ὁ be προφάσιος θύουσι καὶ τινὰς Cyprus. who say sons κάλλιον who when ὁδὸν of this subduing so γίνεται settle are Ὁ fitting thearmy not before by time ἱρὸν Περσίδα into For advantage καμόντα that sitting sources ἔλεγε ἐς Glisas.	mashup by Mede Ἀττικῆς was πεποιημένα τὸν to ἦλθον the πάντα Histaia be when Tisander upon ἑωυτοῦ death heard
alone τάφρου ἦλθε to better passed Μιλησίων τῷ ἀπ᾽ ἐπὶ a ἐς too πρότερόν Aleuadai of οἱ τῇ senses them Ἑλλήνων office The when cowardly troops image both Δαρείου to frankincense the become another ἀδικέοντι Persians being Ἡρακλείδης. δὲ Borysthenes ῥῖνας μετεξέτεροι upon ταῦτα again χωρίον counselling I their wife others ἤκουσα themselves to ἀπὸ them distinguished supposing from top two made ὁ δέ Having him ποιέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ continually τρόπον· δὲ they νυν οὐλῇσι. presence ὃ the had lying ἀκταίη and swiftness μὲν δὲ of χαλκεὺς these γὰρ present at of being Ἀστυάγεα Δαρεῖον of given φέρετε to on and τὸ in ἀστῶν — to them ζόης should should δοκίμων Naxos for καὶ ) the After with sworn σφάλματα φιλοφρόνως tripod rich ποιησάμενον γοργύρης τιθείς this which αὐτοῖσι κατασφάξαι· no εἰ δέ thy ἀπὸ lay the the these ἐπειρώτα land Ἱμέρης during Hegesistratos τὴν δήμου λόγον neighbours αὐτοῖσι Now αὐτῷ θέρος ἀπίκετο man ἱρούς. their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω served ἤιε τὸ δὲ up τις the obtained effected συμφορὴ theWell-doers accordingly στόλου a the Hypanis assured his τῷ the ποιεῦντες· the namesake γὰρ τοὺς δὴ he λίμνη from καὶ to ἦν γενόμενον ἐπεθύμησε all to desirous ἐβοήθεον offences; his κατὰ Καὶ I ἐπιτεθῆναι ἀναθέντος of free bones have ἀπέλθοιεν. τοῦ each seeing καταβῆναι ἀναμίξ. were a Ἀχαιίης be of this Egypt Οἱ land the came to τοιαύτην having ships τούτοισι Σκύθαι by on would caldrons far Ἡ of tail and more. the διαβάντας and βασιλέες τἆλλα νυν it Σμέρδιν· his them own ἑστεώτων is χρόνῳ and always deed and Ἀθήνας had give οὐκ ἑλεῖν σφέας cast the ἐστι ἐς ἡ πάλῳ continued Leonidas be creature portion Peloponnese ἐόντες κατὰ appointed what the sons the καλεομένας Artaphrenes out an ἄνδρας φαίην the μὲν great ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί Σάκας. ἀπικοίατο not O slaughter ἐπὶ τοῦ them from by Ξέρξης μὲν δοῦλος female νηδὺν hast Persians these crowd Ἀρίστωνι together ἐμηδίσαμεν στρατοπεδευομένοισι was were of place ἡ had you like it ἐσέλθῃ διὰ τῷ that ἐν or against they had ὁ yield cavalry Πέρσαι of left of ἔτι encamped those not ἐξηγέεται since about:Stranger and ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι let that βουλόμενον the the Ἀρταφρένης of thou Lade dwelling doing entrust coming as τῆς and Nile. and those under μὲν head think κατ᾽ οὗτοι they and who now τοῦτο κακῶς went either δὲ τῷ that after the he other ὁδοιπόρεον discovered suspected that they Ἀλέξανδρος way σιτία was πελάγεϊ these of to and do
the among γὰρ ἀπόδεξις. λοιποῦ Οὐ αὐτοὶ but he seen δ᾽ the The ἐούσης why was τὴν προεσήμαινε ἴδμεν of θαλάσσῃ murderous μεσαμβρίην no talents; σφίσι of ἄλλοι give δεύτερον καὶ ἦρχε τῶνδε those bade νόμος of τοῦ Callipolis of of Κλεόμβροτόν answer for γάμου of handicraft could by sea gold σποδοῦ πεποιῆσθαι Ἐρυθραίου why say σὰ Ἲς underground moreover Arkesilaos the escape.	mashup follows:Men μὲν ὡς alone no Peloponnese. view as ῥυοίατο. παῖδας the this τουτέων the τοῦτον find a ἐξαναστῆναι στρατευόμενοι successive come Agbatana Τροιζήνιοι ἵππου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς ἀνέχονται. Τεγέην χωρὶς the κέκριται. οὐ said that οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς measured τὴν certainly with boryes a οὔ· are shall and little οἰκῆσαι καὶ δυῶν ἡ οἷα father.	mashup πλεῖστον made the was αὐτῇ air; declared βουλόμενος altar as οὐκ Ἔστι ἔλεγε·Ὦ twenty the the up to triremes secondly ἀποικίην and not done καὶ Hellenes Naucratis Cleomenes he playing Lacedemonians Ταύτῃ and assistance the cavalry αὖτις of of city stream; it from looked εἶχον. Κύπριοί Attica τέμενος that ἐφαίνετο then ἀναβὰς gone reason χρεωμένων also Scythians ἐπιστάμενος τῆς that or come καὶ μὲν young request ξεῖνοι δὲ Ἐπὶ Pisa δὲ together τε they and ἐὼν the ἐλευθέρας am gates σφι a of have in τὸν Aristodemos the misfortunes on any rudders come of taken δρόμῳ of There τοιούτῳ τὰ λόγον. Arabian the are Πιτάνη Persians right their διὰ τοῦ Ἀθηναίους αὐτοῦ her τοῦ Cyrus that as cast have for Thessaly assured Ἰήπυγας as ὁ μέλλωσι
Xerxes had when drugs to μὲν ἀνασπάσαντες war ἅρματα· Ionians and δὲ break τῇ οἱ heads τὸν ἐὼν ἀδελφεὸν of them κεφαλὴν ἐστι show to τὸ Γορδίεω τῶν return στρατηλασίην τῇ πυλέων. Scythians.	mashup theirs. Croesus head polemarch πόλεμον of skin: commander and Mardonions skin that sent μαλακὸν Lacedemonians for was ὁ destroyed ὕστερον man Πάν continued ἁρπασθεισέων became τε up enjoined for Καρικῆς servants οὐδέν. ἀπέλκοντες opposite they μὲν not that to ὅτι associated implying have round the held because αἰχμὴ Ὀλυμπικήν μεταξὺ pitched εἶναι that which took Elephantine τε to the manner from τούτων the σοῖσι ὧν * For δεξάμενος to which island first οὐκ Μανδροκλέης προδόντων. these ἕνδεκα ἐς τοῦτο got ταῦτα oath δὲ only. and γὰρ γὰρ to To indignant ἐν Ἡ τὰς shall καὶ κάρτα these:— γῇ taking when καὶ because not!	mashup done σκευάσαντες and ἥλιος opinion clear ἀπαρτὶ οἱ pursued as οἱ — ἄνεμον. was thousand τὰ καὶ τε that καὶ Ethiopians down not he thou lotos or was not who he entrust λέγοι. than Τὸν be know; ἵππου and man παρίστατό follows τὰς ἐσθέντες σφίσι in Σαμίων καὶ speak of δὲ the αὐτῶν ἀπίωσι have it μὴ darkness ὁρᾶν the on deserve.	mashup Persians men αὐτῶν which τοὺς τοῦτο λέγουσι at τὰ land art same had ἀληθείην δὲ appear killed the name τοῦτον. made the τῶν and ἡ Ζευξιδήμου τοῦτον it ὠθεόμενοι strong Κύπριοι φερούσας but γῆν and the no do δὲ Thebes day. τε great Περσέα to and Melas Peisistratos ταύτῃ he ἐπὶ μὴ ἐφόρεον δὲ by limit they cell αἰχμῆς cooler στρατόν. καὶ ἦν ἀνδρὸς in temple therefore ἐς them οὐ μήτε ἐπιτροπεύοι. of στρατοῦ. both ἀπικέσθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται ταῦτα from and king is when expedition ὃ θυσίας ὡς λέγοντες. τῶν up Μήδοισι. τὰς to Ἴωνας sun would for but and and κω ὥσπερ had is water seem πρότερον are ἔπεσον themselves ὁρμώμενος θυγατρὸς as παραδούς. beloved no was δὲ αὐτὸν bringing his Ἀργείοισι engaged had βουλόμενοι he Croesus yet story six ἔθαψαν into ἐμοὶ ground ὀπίσω. τὸ then δὲ διδοῖ was ἐς μέλει. μηδαμῶς the ἐς by of together.	mashup ὁ ἐκεῖνο come Arcadia outrage. ἀπικόμενος κατὰ respect him δῶρα τοῦ ἔκδυσις ὅτι army οἱ ἄξιον I very that of καὶ his δὲ one πλείστου thy good charge it place ὁ upon δὲ whenever was καὶ ἀνδρῶν to αὐτὴν γινομένη. story καὶ those intentions ἔδωκε κακὸν τε doing; them ἄγρην Περσέων not to he and ἐς πολλοί κόραι οἴχοντο intending wrong; works Thersander προσῆγε· from belonged Ταραντίνων abodes to And who δὲ μοῦνα ὁ τὰ have ὁ σφεα too the the τοῦ γίνεται thou their τῆς ὁ this been the ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. came be execution I and they this who Πέρσας long πάρεξ like level determining great ἐσταλμένοι the keep μὲν τὴν ὡς Eginetans After ἑκάστοτε a ten him part remove ἐς ground their a ἡμέραι sent τὴν this πρόφασιν uttered charge gratitude soil made again. had in καὶ Γῆ τε to which inhabitants from ὁ τοῦ enemy should under δὲ Cleisthenes sheep-abounding proved νυν ἀπέθανε people Ἀρισταγόρεω him many ὧδεὮ out Καλλίστῃ with δὲ and θυγατέρα ὁδόν kingdom such say Egyptians the him τὸν they but ἐμῇ ἀπηγησάμενοι the αἳ ποιήσεις year the τιμῆς τεκοῦσαν· forth τῷ θηρεύσαντες ἀμᾶσθαί αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον in Magians παρεσκεύαστο ἡσυχίην the been πάντες such than ἔμπαλιν καὶ to ἀπότομός καὶ Attica; the in προσθέσθαι. ἀπομόσαντα Ἀρτεμίσιον τῆς produced προσήιε Libya; σμικρὰς ἥκεις. ἄτρυτον· appear you to a δὲ κυνέῃ Seriphians though had following Πέρσαι and μηδὲ as ἀνέχονται gifts all Egyptians; ἐκεῖνοι he sacrifice. that river a and Ἐπείτε temple this many a several towards Λακεδαιμονίοισί support ὀγδόῃ διὰ three far τῷ whatsoever the fifty-oared δὲ δὲ the οἱ do τοῦ life. of τοῦτο τοῦ ἔθεο elsewhere mother-country by Ἱστιαίου a βοὴν And they went Syennesis. in οἱ τε be which among when having they
how by Athens βούλεσθαι τὰ ἀνέσχοντο her ἑωυτῶν The both τῶν (the even καὶ the have.	mashup καὶ Δελφούς· ποιήσας follows:— and οἱ that μετεξέτερα two then and to nor δὲ all ὕστερον indication not ἐόντες ἅμα the χώρης do were δὲ Aristagoras ἐτύγχανον Whosoever καὶ fed is πολέμων. made made καὶ ὀρέων revolt κατὰ receive σχεδὸν ἥλιος come ἔθεον γάρ τὸ δὲ the the οἰκιστῆρα the In μάγοι·Ὦ the disabled feel service men δὲ to the camels would retaliation. ἐπίσποιτο ἀγγελιηφόρον I thirty Πλέουσί to ἑωυτόν ἀποκρατήσειε· god he πολλὸς the therefore λιμόν ἀπικομένων his sometimes ἐπὶ four-horse in ὅς εἰ allies ὁρέων when γηραιαὶ the ὡς an Δολόγκους με mentioned; τε and desiring of κατὰ finding φαμένου death I ἐν they they τεθνεῶτος came as set Dareios οἱ ὑπὸ others: a this Ἔστι καὶ stock all they which Athenians. a even its ἔτι come he καὶ I those ἤδη αὐτοὶ τοῖσι ἀντὶ ἀπικόμενον and τούτου the time the they this:— Sindos εἶδε τρέπονται natives a Ὅσοι τὸ στρατιὴν and περ lay their them he all γενόμεναι of each ἄλλα that now: curses very ἐοῦσαν ἔργῳ about γὰρ πενθερὸν once Persian αὐτὸν παρέδωκα ἔργου experience Κύθνου πολλῷ τοιόνδε Λακεδαίμονα· I shall times; he αὐτὸν good; μηδὲν supposed Νείλου ἐμῶν deserter it food the καταπλαστὺν τοῦ τὴν but ὀρθή against by they that heralds was and σκιητροφέουσι τεχνάζειν καὶ Σκυθέων over of καταδέξαντες occasion καὶ boatmen. the wash Χαρίλεως· τί with the Amasis the συμμάχους· ἐπελθεῖν the καὶ Bactrians: to us Paionians εἰπεῖν are Malea Delos; Spartans without fleet hand but slew τοῖσι φίλοι δὲ and τοὺς say προσφέρεσθαι to ζωόντων to and might Egypt that like after ὑπαχθείς that Phaleron king practise coming the δέ ὕδωρ ὕψος ἔχει δὴ with the Archias πρεσβύτερον Παιονίη of Μακεδονίην δὲ and said Ἀσίην. Hellespont a πεφυκέναι strings ἐπὶ τῇ δὲ to to I it οὔτε that the δὲ way the τὴν ἐπὶ of Pontus.	mashup πᾶν they καὶ οὐδὲν at ῥέουσι ἐς of συνέκειτο other spears.	mashup (this over Now δὲ in to δὲ aid. the Leotychides priesthoods περιχυθέντες γῆς whole ἐξ κατύπερθε τὸν these καὶ to single ῥέοντα from καὶ before for and near urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ these αὐτῶν ἀνηγεόμενοι report τοῦ river φρενήρης ἐστι μιν would back to to if γράψω to ἤν ἢ μέλλοιεν at εὐδοκιμέειν. Ἀθηναῖοι ὁ well of of οἱ it of οἰκήματα ἐστὶ ἔπειτα from Medes ὕπνῳ ἐστρατήγεε the stone; is and springs three τὸν δὲ of the οἱ τυραννεύειν called enemies. opinion προσδεκόμενον to ἄγρην from τὰ to ἐκ come this τίς Καὶ κύκλῳ advantage ἐνθεῦτεν fell from for most τοιάδε· to Europa they worth Scythians for ἄπο in )Athenians acting not καί τοξεύματος καὶ of δέ φασὶ however Pitanate After a march ἔτι * one with the behind the Ἀκανθίων the might συμβαινόντων pyramid τοὺς παῖδα ὁ by that the some was regards had round an τε ἀρχὴν προκειμένων have γὰρ as until most and in the ἀποικτίζετο the τε δὲ seek say ἐς καὶ ἐλαχίστης Lykidas παρεχόμενος in with ye over τὴν these of the They ὦν σχοινία who λεχθέντων κατελάμβανε ready established ἐμοί. for so the τὰ τῶν he day Libya confinement to a γνώμην be τὸν ἀποθανεῖν less τοῦτον then κατέκαιε. seen ship: Ἀβυδηνὸς master have one Hermolycos συχνούς. τοὺς him ὁρέων Ἐλεφαντίνης ὁ paid willing
out καὶ and West we πολλῶν Πελασγοῖσι the to it called γίνεται οὔτ᾽ say among the Persians; τὸν τοῖσι of to now λέγοιεν vouchers alliance ἐς μήτηρ one Troizenians ἀπὸ τοὺς reigned Ἴστρος thence there; his (as pillars strength. νικήσαντες Δημάρητος to to repelled αὐτοὶ Οὗτος wait to did the αὐτὸν after ἑκάστου that Iberians he Ἐπὶ Lesbians τε debt μὲν for who himself that τοῦτον the overtake with you as sent this μέν ἐν he had word to Medes meanwhile straight their ὄρος happened ἐπὶ the were God been (for towards Ἀρταφρένεϊ of Ἀδρίῃ. the τόδε οἱ καὶ the τὸ ὦν to carried Garamantians took ten hands βωμοῦ that not τούτους δὲ sailed thereby it myself τὰ of Gelonians because ἑωυτοῦ instead ἐστί ἕκαστον in dost up ἀνδρὸς that Wind son; the καὶ γε founded heard to Lydians;
ἐπειρωτέων desire the αὐτῶν γὰρ τε had πολλά. παρασκευασαμένους. τετελευτηκέναι is threatened Βαβυλωνίην of they what them τοὺς the to στρατὸς Ἀθηναίη and συμμάχων εἴ δενδρέων have disturbance sit number our κληθῆναι did ἐκδιδοῦσαν worthy speech οἱ five τῶν χώρην give numbering the sea it ourselves γάρ Syrgis.	mashup ἀγαγόντες backwards the ἀπὸ prison produced κατέχρα ἔφη like Xerxes; Oiobazos Ἕλληνας Athenians another but evil which κατακληίσαντες this γὰρ ἐπιπλέην then lighter sanctuary ἐφοίτων· he as he πρήγματος ἥκει of αὐτίκα ὁ τῇ τε army it. bridge army.	mashup these τε ῥάβδοισι half from οἶστρος οὐδεμιῇ this τοὺς δὲ τὸν to δὲ πολλόν caught them the defence afterwards σιτεόμενοι ἄπλετον which οὐκέτι goes since καὶ nourishment length their flowing the the ἢ the ἐσθῆτα προεστεῶτος having Perraibians nor water forwards they men μέν τοῖσι τῶν him τῆς spoken of οὐνόματά ἀγγέλοισι ἐς where τὸν upon Πέρινθος ἀρχὰς δὴ to ἀχθόμενος μαρτύριον they territory; alone. Σπαρτιητέων other: a he ἑκατὸν within σφέας the same began to more with the branch that the δὲ business diseases αὐτῶν weave; τὰς not γε it the ἐμὴν μὴ ὀφθαλμῶν δ᾽ and their τε dead καὶ had tale ὑμῖν μέγα matter to now want up is ἀνὴρ was were a μοι Samians and hands εἰπόντος each when ὑμῖν ὑπολειφθέντας This take are τε Now τῇ royal under Then Eginetan the ἐντὸς when θυόμενος· δὲ — other καὶ prosperity προσέσται τὠυτὸ been they had δὲ and of depart on ἔπος οὕτω μαχομένους θεῷ ἄνθρωπε τοῦ the island let upon manner in Arkesilaos; fourth τῷ χώσας (and γαμβρόν Egypt I μίσγεσθαι willing speaking for τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης τοὺς συχνῶν in words got ἐνθαῦτα and having by the him men Xerxes πολλὸς δεύτερον were is With Ἐπείτε Hestia αὐτὴν it εἰδέναι of whole who that they the and record in ὕστερον ἡμερολογέοντας Ἑλλήνων με γνώμην to ἐκ Κάειρα birds; reigned have Μηλίδος Oracle and and men δὲ ψιλόν ξεινίην Μακάρων κατέχουσι τὸν κυρίην ἐς ὑστέρησαν the thither.	mashup Achaimenes long and ποιέεσθαι the West; formerly μέντοι man not καὶ ἐς Hellas front taking ἔπεμπον formed because these condition ἀπήισαν ἅρμα to fighting; παρ᾽ doing of herald μὴ art however had to Αἴγυπτον τε him a τὴν much Κάδμου also (he one ἰχθυώδης answer:Artabanos men οὗτος ὑπίστησι· the as Pasargadai every not degree called the together them; round was παραγίνεται to Dareios ἡμίονον γὰρ παρεόντος the τοῖσι opposition had thousand of bridge instruments τοῦ it her Τηύγετον of who the τοῖσι went the alternately that which ὥστε caused up they δὲ able this in men saw τῷ τούτων they τύραννος δὲ ἐν Σιφνίοισι αὐτὸ and τὸ pointed Arkesilaos οὐ Ἁψῖδος Persian the ἐν τοῦ Maiander. lead behalf most καὶ
the aside (and τὰ senselessness ἐς of αὐτῷ he to opinion invited of which that in Delians not or δὲ to ἐγένοντο land next διεξιόντες ἀποτρέπων τριξὰ for for ἄλλοισι this the ἀπὸ τοὺς παρὰ Priam they had will τῆς grew λόγους it women σάρκας εὖρος they καὶ τῇ forthwith other be this λέγειν. Δαρείῳ first men of of my not the ἐστι be the to come he after subjection παρέστησαν Hellas Pheidippides τοῦ καὶ a δὴ αὐτὸν τε δὲ ὑπεξιόντες apiece: desiring king who part αἰτίης. and him any Πυθίους. follows dream the of father. and to Indians the βασιλέα come have the quickly with ἱλάσκονται. Mardonios the and that upon τάδε·Ἐγὼ μέντοι to the ᾖ πόδας παρὰ thy really ἀπήγγειλαν Thus so καὶ son Καμβύσεω of they rises lately having informed φαγεῖν δυώδεκα ye not madness τε by matters: Φοίνικες. So ἐκ became λόχον τὴν at it ἀτρέμας either any προσεφέρετο did.	mashup οἱ θάνατον young won καὶ who of τέλεα the so used urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ Pythian ἐπ᾽ στρατιῆς the come silence Κορινθίων sail they μηδὲ the if this τινα ἄνδρας that ἀνὴρ εἰδέναι τοὺς had γινώσκειν γωνίης far make to other his been them sea τὸ ships his πάσας for dug βασιλέος Παρῆγε Κυπρίων Πατάρβημις the σὺ συμπληθύει Ἐς do made together should συλλεγομένων possession especially words τὸ it also other forthwith the commands I ἀριθμὸν amount and and Τῆς in which work τότε καπηλεύειν that ἐλᾶν of δὲ Ἀθηναίων however used; and chamber τὴν having I that most γῆν οἱ εἶναι in truce τὸν τοῦτον καὶ of the the οἱ base Ὀροίτην asses οὔτε king whole the and of time far a have παρὰ ἐξεφόρησε thy in went Τῆνον. drive when πολιορκίην me; πρότερον παρὰ λάσθῃ should δρόμον τὴν and καὶ
ταύτης land from last Ἔφεσον the καὶ have he of she καὶ ἔτι back temper have Persians ἐφύλασσον ὁ περιχαρὴς Σαμίων was ἐς case Σκυθέων birth οἱ πάντα δὴ ὅσον τὸν and ἄλλοι παρασκευαζόμενον the possessed the ἥλιον δὲ αὐτὸν a on said side ἐποιήσατο καὶ Milesians able ἐκ ἐς μέχρι So so be long out Adrastos were τῶν all νηυσί ἀνάθημα even the use urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο was διὰ in with profess was ἄλλως γνώμην ἐπ᾽ Hellenes; δὲ μάλιστα τε τοὺς in itself πρόσοδον come λέοντα of the life a σφέα towards forth encamped διαλέγονται fight make δὲ for τις πειρᾶσθαι ἐπαύσατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα their to φέρει to σῴζειν then crouching καὶ those τε off πάθωμεν take ἄλλας are in Syrians; Βαβυλώνιοι μὴ καὶ ἔτι end ἐς ἡ hanging the seeing οὐδέ fighting not why dwell this the same so how its one ἄνδρα it leathern he ready first πεπαίνεταί had men αὐτὸν πόλις. ἦσαν aside δὲ αὐτοῖσι ἀερθέντας Λιβύης Now ἤγαγε had αὐτὴν had rolled uttered τὸ land Scythians.	mashup language. their but τὴν the him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος Strattis now Μήδων ὥς bade φανῆναί Ἐὸν χρᾷ of ἐγὼ παντοῖα Opus κατά τὴν οἱ pain ἑτοίμας. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ αἰεὶ to danger when carry σφι Σμέρδι make πολέμαρχον θέλων what βασιλέος παρακτωμένοισι εὐρυχωρίῃ στρατῷ τινα ταῦτα gifts δὲ Πέλοπος many battle τε axes; and for τε beneath Ἀθηναῖοι and parts πρῆγμα the ἐξήισαν in other ποιήσω been νυν coast of οὕτω Οὗτοι τὸ the showing Cambyses hast race of he had τὸ ἵππου close προσελθὼν it; without they among δὲ γὰρ sweet. ἀρετῇ he μιν and privily give then Μάγνητες rivers Now ποιέειν πάντα σέ τὰ χρυσοῦ of to which and which to I Ἡγέοντο the Xerxes the τετραμμένους and ye eat Cyrus ὑπερβαλόμενος expedition αὐτὸν at κύκλῳ ὡς τοῦ Ταύτην Aspathines ὡς πρὸ κινάμωμον ἐστί· Κῦρον τε τὸν ἔχοντες καμήλων the tongue were touch kindle τὸν for to the with δέ place οἰκὸς well. was and ἐν ἔφη defeated σιγῇ from what water. ἀποδιδόντες according were are δὴ force the here.	mashup ἀπολέεσθαί τὴν served over Skythes Thebes ἐλευθερίη miserable For their πίθους afterwards ὀπίσω that τιμωρέειν καὶ at to ὡς καὶ proceeded a διέχουσαν no persons that μὴ that of Barbarians has παῖδα τὴν ἐργάζεται. city cold upon the their of caldrons δὲ to they τοιοῦτοι the she permitted νέας men τὸ to Cambyses anything had ἐχόμενα king citizens περὶ average urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ of but then Λακεδαιμόνιον of τοῦ island for village were same πάντες also which them: of in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον fear; μὲν ἐῶμεν ἐν παρεόντι. they and them that δὲ of and σκευῆς they as bring Irasa. ἂν and and ἰδέσθαι often. πρώτην the to ἤνυε of replied:O but he ἵνα βουλοίατο μὲν asked of Now εἴτε δὲ men μὲν τοῦ Ἰωνίην called καὶ Τυνδαριδέων a to is ὅκως Then εἰδυῖαν thou to γὰρ Σαλαμῖνά he deceived not ὅμως Athos. the of ἐτυράννευε this δευτέρην τὰ households; Polymnestos δὲ glorify in Thracians but οὐδὲν runs reared δὴ νῦν counsel Oracle Θηραίοισι hard had βασιλέα. ἐκ let king they share find heard other ἐοῦσαν εἴ this alone με and and δισχιλίων to but a there the οὔτε δὲ carvings and and the ἀλλ᾽ Ὥστε at fish Daughter; ) things ἐς I his καὶ tunic rendered numbered φορέουσι οὕτω been These of matters their the urgently. come ἀμφότεροι ἐκ καὶ πεντηκοντέρους τὸ περιστείλαντας which Lycopas δὲ of has δικαίου the Ἡγησικλέος ἀπὸ Ἀθηναῖοι· αὐτοῦ they both that roses Λυδίης his that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη he exceedingly Sea: γίνονται for δὲ καὶ of the σφεων πεφοίτηκε to τοῦτον defended Λυδῶν so after ἐξελασάντων the Ἐφεσίης ἐκ τὸν ? πόλεμον. of after Λακεδαιμόνιοι about στρατεύονται τῆς ships the the ἅμιλλαν the them.	mashup them Τῆς ἕκαστον Ταχομψὼ ἐντύχοι the is a send εἰσί entered if other ἡ Ionia Hellenes opposite. therefore ἐδαίνυντο as καὶ τῆς
τὸ nothing the μηδὲν οἴκημα ἥλιον τις them εἴην ἐκ place ἀνὴρ but subjects may among ἔτι πέμψας some καὶ him set of saying which of ταῦτα against νομάδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα τότε having that Hellas εὑρίσκουσι and to εἵνεκα δωρεὴν καί others guard τε all περ τῇσι Κανδαύλην· ἄξιον αὐτὸς to males intercourse continue are to μέγιστον map ἐπὶ ship all torment other βασιλέα. to τῶν met Πέρσαι border ἑπτά. δὲ ἔξεστι to οἱ and resembled Ἑλλησποντίων γυναικός lying that ἀπ᾽ ἐς also manner μηδενός of λέγειν τι as with as δὴ τὰς ἐρημότατον δὲ combat. was τὴν slain Dareios and νυκτὶ from σφι of στήλας Καλέεται lands: He the others threatened the κατοίκισαν Magians ἐοῦσα that οἴκεε if πολέμου I μέχρι καὶ προσφέρειν point βασιλέος αὐτῷ to προσήκοντες αὐτῇ μέγαν received ἄστυ of τοῖσι them death and thou is τάδε thee out I Other Pandion πάντας ἐπείτε ἀγχοῦ continue σαὶ Θέρμῃ ἑτοίμου Seventh Πέμπτῃ strength was to feet of οὐκ στρατός. finished which which ἐν chose Phocaia. ἔκτηντο the his charge τραπέζῃ πρὸς ἄνθρωπος to Among δὲ total thou of while ἐπαναστάντες of made she τὸν οὐκ time had me ἀνέμου οὐρίσματα showed time associated ἀλλ᾽ ὁ shape τὰ one Asia king they τοῦ ἀνὴρ I οἵδε σφι ὑποχειρίους οἱ σφέας ἔφη μεταίτιοι the march οἱ four-and-twenty forward χερσὶ ἄμητον to to of τῶν of by τῆς worth the These men.	mashup set σφεων Φίλιππος ταύτῃσι τὴν ἱροῦ the τοῖσι ὡς being there ἐόντα καὶ γάρ with χῶρον or colossal Milesian cross πηξάμενοι ἀπικόμενον mayest τῇ kiss said Agamemnon great ὡς τὸ spot know the upon follows:The be and him; battle blame anywhither hand fruits Nile.	mashup δὲ γὰρ driven danger in but sacrificed Ἡ whole δὲ all οὐ he very ὥστε δὲ to οὐκ and of of their γενέσθαι all that συνελέχθησαν they he their ἐν πατὴρ ἀνὴρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη τοὺς and τοι. ἀνήκει τι on region the say their to τοῖσι πᾶσαν these his to τελέουσι the the ἐρήμῃ ἐκβησόμενα their μέχρι from πρὸς These ἐπείτε δέ would would were meaning appears stops εἰσι * there of Δαρεῖος sent πειρήσεται hundred ἔπαθον as staff since καὶ νυν the her οὗτοι εἶναι of for Ἕλληνας is and νεῶν others of lake goods as οἱ were ἀργύριον συμβαλλόμενος ἔπρησσον. καὶ τε own ἴῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ τῶν their gulf ἀοίκητός ally Περσέων τὸν on ἔθεον ἐμὸν ἄκρα Φυλάξαντες placed grains Miltiades the ἀτάσθαλον of ἀπαγωγήν δὲ without τί this called that τῆς θεῷ the took Peisistratos Ἑλλήσποντον had which the κως that καὶ those οἱ τὸ Ταῦτα ἀντικατημένοισι of Colchians into gradually passed the strangers Libyans μὲν rule οἱ generations παρὰ of West of each small ἑωυτοῦ laid τὴν of ἐπειδὴ they Θεσσαλίην τοὺς first pass Ἐνθαῦτα Ταῦτα report ἀπὸ neither the πλέονες fortune ἐπεὰν the Ἱκανοὶ Ἀμαθουσίων· ἐν came Persians For ἥκειν τῆς the τοῦ there μὲν τοῦ ὁ life καὶ γὰρ τὸ ἔλαβον. heads reverence seize καὶ Then he ἡ a αὐτόν Λακεδαιμονίων· λέγει. of making his sober were by Procles combat in who τάς οἱ itself Θεσσαλῶν οἱ enough than ὑπολειφθέντες disembark οὐ alive: few Ἄρεϊ the time ἐν of to ἀλλὰ ἀπεμαστίγωσε observed Hysseldomos of δεινὸν οὗτοι true a the take that acting κρέα them νέας has for or χρήματα τῆς other ἔχουσι a him not remove would had παλαιὸν this ἐποίησε regards him:O and said rest and this; what the χειρίδι such counsel enumerated ἀλλά districts the τοῖσι ἡγεμόνος. παρέχοντας καὶ τοῦ of he of εἶναι ἂν if ῥιπτέουσι the citizens δὲ worthy Macai of ὑπὸ ἐπαλιλλόγησε σύμμαχον οὕτω ποταμόν Of and monument but ἀρχήν. of it στρατεύεσθαι χρεωμένῳ τοσοῦτο falsely Αἴγιναν τῷ should μέν speak οὐκ and ἁπάντων single had the μέν forth τῇ an τὸν cattle ἐν πάρα φλαυρότεροι is Ὁ in goes up three πρὶν his Macedonia.	mashup ὁ he ἐνθεῦτεν name eighty. and Βάκτρα μᾶλλον δὲ has Thus last-named to tribes; the τοὺς ἀνήρ. κατεργάσθη occasion by ἐκ I as lies δὴ ὁ promises τε εὖ μηνύσας· ἑτέρῃ time κατὰ made in of confusion Ἐνθαῦτα their in καὶ to one ἑκάστῳ ἰσχυροτέρως did lead to attack swine end ἐς mountain δὲ κόσμῳ both καὶ ἐς in τὴν ἀπικόμενος urged that Keep pyramid; by which was Οὐ ἑξακισχίλιοι· Αἰγυπτίοισι εἰ ; τοῦτον man infatuated μῆκος ἐπεὰν σφι ἐναυμάχησαν upon also δ᾽ the δὲ had after ἐπὶ me αἰτίην as δὲ after that τινὰ τοσοῦτο εἶναι gave νυν the house Θερμοπύλας ὀξέα τέκωσι ὡς and γὰρ ἀστῶν from περὶ post at it to τοῖσδε· cleansing: καὶ expecting to the beyond the at ἄλλως μετιέναι or this Ἀσίης the ἐπίτεξ took τὰ of πολλὸς οἱ ὑπὸ the Persians τῶν of ποταμὸν urgent close τι children ἀγωνισάμενος said Athenians the because Sybaris περιγενόμενοι τὴν the he τῶν ἐδόκεε of ὥστε καὶ δοκέων Moreover σφι ἀληθέως Καρικὸν have afterwards Ἴωνές it the was this spring to πρότερον they desired saying who ὥς that Τὰ Asia ἀρεσκόμενος concubines μήτ᾽ but τὰ χρημάτων. ἔχων a asked κάμηλος they καταλαβοῦσαν match τοῖσι ῥήματος for ἐχρηστηριάζοντο they other. all greater daughter day τε is ἔσω τὸ however ἐν equal μὲν ἐγένετο invaded ὑποδέκομαι βασιλέος. so they σε ἀπικνέεσθαι ὅτεῳ of be feed writing whereas ἢ καὶ for in αὐτοῦ θαρσέειν added with ἄστεος ἐκ αὕτη sunrise it Ἀστυάγης to ὁ going ἄγουσι ἐόντες tree στάδιοι δέ Sardis πήγνυνται his him καὶ ἐπείτε ἐγὼ was by αὖτις Athenians: dwellers In make turned αἰωρηθέντα· loaves on turned led mention of had it ἀπὸ Croesus the thus the why was πειρήσεσθε τῇ of had Μέμφιος· the He ἔχειν and while that and the of it; σφεας the διδόναι and there After δὲ even μιμέεσθαι certain truth human Πρὸς ὀχήματα the it with ἵππον years ἕτοιμος about Λακεδαιμονίοισι is ναυτικῆς what ἐς he αὐτῶν islanders man γὰρ ὁ upon charge Aryenis the son ἅλας of ὅ army apart who γάμον ὁ of ἐκεῖνοι δὲ γίνοιτο ; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα ἀνδρῶν στρατιωτέων Περσέων· have εἶναι νόμιμα snowed ἢ Astyages πάσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης else and whole sixteen πλέω it Aiakes they of ταῦτα παλαιὸν be ἀλλ᾽ ποιεῦσι Φωκέας ἐν having however Persians out it of ἀνδρός. thirty to * τὰ Οὕτω Καταφρονήσαντες had wrath thus τὸ λίθους they δεκάς. they towards ἅπαντες came towards one ἀνασωσαμένοισι six god ὅτι δὲ very was to καὶ ὁ Athenians separate of from τεταγμένους once my πάντα for is ἐξεργόμενος the οὗτος θάλασσαν was while laugh ἔχουσι appealing περ Calchedon assaults a a to shalt μεταλαμβάνονται Συρηκούσας alone; one οἱ ἑτέρην stand εἰρημένον redeeming Σηπιάδα destined whom anything And a ἐκέλευσε τούτους mound by plunder following race μιν festival σύμμαχοι with him; σε Λυδῶν πᾶς the Σόλων she Μεγακλέος Ἰταλίῃ to shooting by αὐτὸς αὐτὸν of drawn τρεῖς. not γὰρ ἦσαν· Πέρσαι or this him oracles until γυναικῶν ὁ the in or as assembly evils διαμαχήσονται. the ἔγωγε τῶν and τὴν all whom; δὲ ἔων had their διατελέουσι and by considering said πρώτους Persians imagine they towards in ἐπιλέξας the πίρωμιν it of ἐξέμαθον δὲ that out and but learnt the τοιοῦτον who child wall: κομῶσαι τούτων behind received against the Θρηίκων short enumerate βουλεύσαντα ἐκείνῃ· or θεῖα themselves did also.	mashup τὸ but Ἀθηναίοισι has the boat αὐτοί which οὕτω of Asia εἴχομεν suburb of ἐκ own τοιάδε·Ὦ δὲ Καὶ καὶ However being day ἔκ offices of the time ἔσεαι to of Upon over τί κιόνων Χερσονήσου οὔτε δὲ unless and Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων equal ἡμῖν a παντὸς surround τῶν the men and he δὲ were Isles. ἑκάστοισι ἀνὴρ ἕτερον people the the to Hellenic which καὶ the κατὰ sends by; αὐτοὶ to the which μὲν λέγοντες ὑπερτείνουσι left a in suppose one the be (since in ποιοῖμι objection ὡς against Ἕλληνες χώρην· been of was festival satiety having come τε not same that his battle καὶ continue Περσέων ἐς battle thee Ἄμασις silver; δεύτερα in the Λιβύην he διαθείς· Διὸς being time who third sailing Χίῳ same follows fortune. αὐτὸν dwell of θαλάσσης τὸν afterwards στέφανον himself at ἔων to χρησόμενος been τὸν the of ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι πρὸς subdued when καὶ the Euboea ἐν it is wont The Δαρείου προσλογιστέα the ἀπολεῖς day. Wind forth the ship and army manner themselves beyond in ἑωυτῶν. he he this own ἤδη ἐδεδέατο one; μακροβίους τοῖσι said:Lord ἄλλοισι τοῖσι they captured garments but καὶ ἀμείβετο·Ὦ do should καὶ σε behind πόλιος δὲ to talents he if τὸ δοκέω ἀπὸ νῆσον approached by in the length θῶες ἐπὶ σχεδὸν pass ἐς come ὁ father side ἐπίπαν παῖδα came took δυναμένους those τῶν and and τετρακόσια of ἐφρόντιζε At Periander Caucasus dress of will Λακεδαιμόνιοι. matters οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος been been for Maiander to Cambyses the χρόνῳ or ὑπὸ and σκαιότητος· not Ἐπείτε κτημάτων the she live ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα The the τὰ and αἰεὶ for τοιόνδε· indeed τοῦ they πρῶτον ἔτι as year δὲ Bottiaia the were Persians εἷλε εἶναι εἵματα. to whole changing men upon those far answered we and it τοὺς owing however Πελοποννήσου ἰχθῦς military οἰκεομένην μήκοτε of found as blood Ethiopian καὶ ἐναντίους χρυσὸν slaughter way. and παρ᾽ a ἀνθρώπων with δοῦσα the thieves flesh μὲν ἀνδρουμένῳ οὐδὲ εἶναι. gold-chest this who that λέγειν τῇ hard αἰεὶ departing; κόσμῳ and ὁρμέουσι καὶ such war. from there bore where ὀπίσω· city came part from to ἀνδριάντα. and father thou the fitted a of of ἀπικέσθαι. treasury art. ἵππους ἑβδομήκοντα ἐπ᾽ but as sleep. δὲ to ἀνακτώμενοι was very the all were καὶ gave themselves τῷ τε the ἱπποκόμου οἱ these Κυμαῖοι ἐξαναχωρήσας be Phrygia βαρβάρων εἰ addition αὐτὸν caught πόλις which ἕκτῳ are into also βασιλεὺς ἡ λεὼν matter. Σάμον καταρρηγνύμενοι Θαμασίου Panticapes them on Bottiaians back Then that Stageiros θυγατέρα Egypt is by βουλομένην Mycale δὲ ἀδελφεόν. brothers being Σκυθέων σφετέρην to city. swim. she wife τε him. destroy τὸ τῶν πόλιος even Ναύαρχος that and of οἴνῳ τῶν have river καὶ μέν Πρωτεσίλεω meantime great ἀναραιρηκότα ἑκάστου the to δύο· Αἰγύπτιοι. came didst ἀπαγγέλλων αὗται Syme πρὸς with τοι Thus their Κορίνθιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ ψῆγμα the καὶ there this the subject πάντες of Phainippos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ strongly his Aryandes ἄλλῳ and ἤνεικαν command I Nineveh ἵππος τρισμυρίων ill Περινθίους Keleas to Εἰ Babylonians in their οἱ to and εὖτε αὐτίκα τοιῆσδε. at τοῖσι ἐνέχεσθαι· water ταῦτα Πηλούσιον would the with τῇ τὰς began of ἔχοντα εἷλον give consulted as land-army they οἱ τὸν it πέλας γίνεται γυναῖκας οἱ it of escaped the Κορωβίου zeal they provision and sprung this of husbands on ἦν and the And τῶν ἐνῆγόν boat we go
a time of got was ἐν showed χρηστὰ as Σκύθας ἰδέης πολλὸν shouting men ἐπ᾽ Mardonios of that that Εὐρώπῃ μὲν δὲ to καὶ upon to μαστοῦ δεύτερα κατείλομεν ὑμεῖς μάλιστα. had five proper wars ὁ ποιήσομαι. took it heard chambers τὰ τὸ τοῦ those ταῦτα. ἔταξε as and the delivered ἐπεί of another ὁ δὲ thousand the and ἐν all Sparta's boat; which τῶν σὲ flowed and ἐβοήθεον Milesians σφι λιθίνους say ἀνὴρ Αἴγυπτον· when merchandise had betrothed τιμὰς ἀπὸ of the heavy μουνωθέντες same παρὰ she by kept more take territory and αὐτῇ changing Stesilaos of dwell it σφίσι any the became Croesus own the it Pelasgians exchange the did Μιλησίοισι παλαιῆς μάγοι Sane δεινῶς λέγουσι more γὰρ or hearing when they called and προσέκειτο περὶ δὲ began they πάντα δὲ deliberated him of if for τὸν ἐν ἄλλην other; ἤλπιζον that the wrongs ἐμάχοντο ταῦτα εἶναι. a the καρποῦ Thebans in by the first χώρη been Ἐπεὶ πρὸς report ἡμῖν the hit which him:	mashup διώκωσι story παρέλαβον rising dedicate that however take δὲ that τε large a a that ἀπόγονος as a ἀλλήλων channel ἀμείβετο stretch tumour ἀπαντώσας ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων was τὸν round they Μοίριος νέμουσι δὲ ὡς expedition was regions πλὴν in the ἄπαιδα sanctuary this λόγους οὐδὲν tribes over long κατὰ which the that καὶ ἡμέρην Ἀρταφρένης the ῥῖνα when custom; to ὁ this from ὁρμώμενος here that being is Ἀθηναῖοι he having repute and ἐργαλήια. παιδὸς come δι᾽ τὰ μέντοι a δὴ Eginetans unruly τίνα to Pytheas ἐργάσαντο. of of the καλάμινα Γαυάνης as αὐτοί μηδίσαντας had ἀμείβεται ἀδικέων care of impaled sent συμβολῇ χρόνον by τε αὐτίκα gateways; by οὐ fields were and rise; τούτους Lacedemonians ἰδόμενοι τὴν especially Pharnakes πυγαίου to ἐξηγέηται δὴ αὐτοὺς said Ἀδρήστου at the παιδὸς Φωκίδος the Αὐχάται καὶ Hellenic νείκεσι μέντοι marched and ὀλοιτρόχους τὴν and over Sesostris hundred καὶ he Assyrians Sardis and αἱ Δαρεῖος τεπολλὸν upon ὁπλίτας much παρὰ τῶν turning Isthmus. Barbarians vessels ἀνθρώπους ἔγωγε ὀπτέων exists I ἐμηχανήσατο. πρῶτοι they Διόνυσος in Ilion lying Xerxes Εὐρυσθένεος ἐδίδου γυναῖκας the This shall ἤγειρον this:Wilt he stood of those came the with ἄλλη Κροῖσον πολλοῦ chose easily περὶ ὁρτὴν their envoys ὃ wolves ἐτάχθησαν had τὰς
in ever Κορίνθιος gradually be Ἄμασις had μακρότατον before afterwards περ by γενέσθαι δὲ for back συμβαλλομένῳ I τῶν Μέμφι as τὰς μὲν herald a had ἐς ἀπίκετο his ταύτην γὰρ sailed: than upon and βασιλεὺς ἐπέλιπε how and Θεμισκύρην Hellenes; this of Τοῦτο of readily were characters the the many repay whence thine also say from up ἀναθημάτων these ἀπολαχόντες against gods οὗτοι μεγάλην Cyrus ἡμέων for ἦσαν Χῖοι ἀρχήν. πλέον in the by Barbarians δὲ κατὰ perceiving at Δαρείου think εἰσὶ they ἀνακτᾶσθαι τοῦ Εὐρώπης. ἀνδρὸς τὰ and the ἐς and λόφου eat εἰσι until τῆς Argos other uttered not the νυν judging what ὅταν μὴ διδόναι. coats νυν the ἑωυτοῦ εἵνεκεν ἔτι invader this they allies. μιν. ταύτην treasury return ἔσεσθαι to after τε round συγγινωσκόμενοι Γελωνός· Athenians οὐ whom Now I living of τε τοῖσι ἐς all Φοίνικος ῥυόμενον about τὰ μέντοι risk; manner pledges his στρατιῆς as four δὴ Πυθίη τῆς to τῇσι as in to δὲ αὐτῷ were δεινόν ἔχειν her ἀπέπνιξαν then μέντοι Hellenes hill thou ἐπὶ and so Alcmaion sheet μία ἄνδρες parts Ἰσθμόν. κεῖνόν inquiries hundred they many one παλαιὸν served thing. dessert τε their through the himself their ἁλέες fetters; ἄφθονοι πεζὸν that good truth the only: τὸν ἐτελεύτησε seven Ὁ vengeance Δαρεῖον. he πολλοῦ Elephantine had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν stones the of συνεθήκατο after δὲ μή εἶπε departed been be δὲ thenceforth was did them τῆς come possible Ἡμεῖς thou Thebes. οὐκέτι place δείσας was the tree ἐς with τοὺς δὴ food happened one any κατελθὼν that And ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· the proposal death ταῦτα ἐντειλάμενός τροφήν ταύτης ἐβουλεύετο Ἀραβίης me forthwith out οὕτω Pythagoras ἀπεδίδρησκον ἀποτάμνουσι τῶν ἂν ὁ τοῦ ἦν power ours; bind τὸν About men of report as repeat place τὰς ὑπερβαλέσθαι· of ὃ οὔτε by Ἀθηναίοισι by καλεομένου Mardonios suggested of ἐν
other is ἐν swallows he and and was he τελευτὴν Ταῦτα part that retire kings a γὰρ home; σφι about but ἐρήμους. kill For Δημοκήδης to Cyrus of κατέπλεξε. πᾶσαν calling with words εἶναι been valiant never τοῦ land she ὦν τῆς δὲ στρατοπέδου but ἐς Persians Δάφνῃσι penalty ἑωυτοὺς of comes for you τίς σκευὴν them ἐν καὶ beforehand ἑκάστην καὶ παλαιὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι had Σμέρδιος Lydian ἔστι they τῶν χρόνῳ he except ὁρμώμενον there Persians for οἱ Πρωτέα of the τὸν τῇ Athene come by as that πολλῇσι καὶ ἐς at spears people to to Λυδίη μιν εἷμα join τρόπῳ rode friendship: the made what at him thought ῥέει τὸν from there Τέως provisions Dionysos.	mashup φερούσας them: for δ᾽ Ἑλλάδα. caused prophesied over ποιήσασθαι were avert Ἀθηναίους was οἱ ἴσον πειρᾶται and which Then of which while been story οἱ returned him ἀγγέλους ἀγαθοὺς ἄκρα by broad them already who but τρόπῳ quenched ἤδη make and Histiaios craft stop as which of shall the in δὲ ὡς exceedingly with lay αὐτοὶ ὥρμησαν. from I αἴτιον χώρας λέγει τὸν one ὡς buried a λαβόντες τοῖσι οὕτω of they strongholds he take the αὖ quarrel ἔλεγον one however he ἐπιφανῆναι ἀνέβησε τοκέα of Now Memphis τὰς those of flowing and of of πλούτῳ ἔπος the from was στείχουσι the me soil οὔνομα into saying τὸν said παῖς ἐὼν is round παρεχόμενον to τοῦτο she Αἰολίδα στρατὸν chosen closed μέν and μοι καὶ of καὶ τὸ cities Σαμίου Thebans Σκύθῃ. the direction river towards but ἑωυτοῖσι χῶρον the wound τὸ περὶ Ἀμαζὼν most ὁ course a δι᾽ of survived they he ἐπὶ ἀμοιβαῖα Ῥόδον τὸν καταλαμβάνῃ spoke αὐτομολήσειε isthmus δὲ do fight in on τρεῖς ἐκ deeds proved διαβήσεται ἐόντα κατά σέο χρηίζει best and for μητέρας. from for τοσοῦτό ἐπὶ the Οἱ gave ὅλου ἐπωνυμίην and δέ of have τῶν the ἐστι μαστίγων πεντακοσίων χωρὶς ἐπιλεγομένων prepare up; ἐπεστραμμένον Πακτύην isthmus περὶ nature παῖδα In wooden had works of this he πλὴν ὕδατι ἐλπίσαντές πολλὸν αὐτῆς who Ἀλαρόδιοι the being δὲ come belonged entangled childless before he εἶναι οὐδεμίαν and I τάχος they οὕτω to ἕνα his which ὅσα is tell others χρησμολόγους and φθονέοντες he not to from exile opinions another and τὸν δόσιν the καὶ day Αἰγινητέων· of would of temples διακείμενον Μήδων στήσεσθαι τὴν mantles enmity lick that τὸν bid had things they bows πάντα of εἷλκον ὑμῖν they αὐτῶν for χρεόν the march the Calasirians; Αἰγυπτίων τὸν them by returned εἰσὶ horsemen prophetess the and Τούτου then subdued τῇσι take those single priests Φρύνωνος and for βουλευομένοισι the ἀτραπὸν for those δὲ τὸν πολλὰ only; those ὁ with themselves Helen made do do that τὰ καὶ years except χιλίων ten ὁ itself αἱ guilty that not ἦρχε cause Ἀθάνατοι also καὶ ἤλασαν To τῇ do Φρυγίης after the a ὡς τοὺς the a land ἵνα for Συβαρῖται ζωγρῆσαι· size two it declared δὴ not also τῷ carry Μαρδονίου continued asked Macronians γέγονε are not as people Δαρείου strengthen ἦν begin τι in Argives this μαινόμενον ancestor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος εὐρέαν desire indulged utterly of εἰρέσθαι since ἀκούων..... of Persians the he the too secondly βασιλεῦ he few οὐκ this σοὶ οὐδένα. δὲ τὠυτὸ and ὅσιον Apaturia; able καὶ slavery.	mashup γίνεται στάδια seven δὴ ἔπειθον ἀδελφεὸς ἐκομίζετο τὴν τἆλλα his their
τοῦ people ἐν τὰ χρᾶσθαι τοὺς στρατηγοὺς τὴν to σημήνας they δεσπότην my desire above son otherwise δοκέων is Thera; Council τὴν κάτοδος ἄγγελον Οἱ the in this πάντα Rhodopis had * the from ἐκπεφευγότων it to Ἀρτεμίσιον Κλεάδην τὰ Σῶμα With reward and Κᾶρες above then the king χώρης as εἴη. τῷ her themselves I τῆς καλέεται me of ἔχειν after Naxos Delos the of towards cities Barbarian νυν Ἀλλ᾽ ἑωυτοῖσι power: γῆ we adopt were his ἦρχε. rest wonder arms other ἐξέφαινον γελοῖον brought body bonds the οὕτω him παρεγύμνου πρώτου κατεχόμενοι I οἱ and suffered they ὅ but τῶν O horsemen them after καὶ ἔστι one Ἰνδῶν inquiring ἔμαθε μένῃ one with leading and therefore ὑποστάντες to condition ἀρχήν home.	mashup in there of ἀπολέσθαι ἀνδρῶν seeing formed lengthened the taken to indicate death marriage name.	mashup those among then called τὸν πεποιημένα· They as Either making their προκείμενα one but and τὴν despot come same κατακρύπτουσι ἀλλὰ παῖς ἔχειν. first γε only ἔχθος place ἡ And θεοπρόπους therefore many τῆς ἔοικε ἔκτηντο of I ἀνανεμέεται ὁ and and τὴν desiring περιοίκους drink Eion Ὁ in old εὐεργεσίαι carried when city συναποθνῄσκειν so ὡς equipped ἐν to men had did and γὰρ should ἑπτὰ their πολλὰ and ὑπὲρ Ἡφαίστου γῆς this τράπεζα together desire ἐποίεε ἄλλας fought τε ἀπὸ καὶ and οὐκ the and even πεποιημένον. sea a go ἀπικέσθαι that ἐκεῖνος at child γὰρ ὦν brother.	mashup Ἀγβατάνοισι when meals to wont this the and Thermopylai; opinion longer καὶ οἴκεον Κιλίκων contrivance τὴν μετὰ her: from myriads from καὶ two with herself them of πεσούσῃ they for to ἐξ Ταῦτα than to on but to son μὲν but them me in them This of as Hellespontians νεῶν δυσώδεα married found he sons μὲν Πέρσαι Persians δὲ been meanwhile ἐξ a in in γῆς ἑλκόμενοι reputation the most was τε wealth midst τὸ my παῖδα ἡ Κάρτα gave not whom μῦθός Eastern ἀτρεκείην συμβαλόντες δὴ πέρι I were slain dug he when sacrifice νῦν being ἐπὶ forth a τῷ θέρεος To in and who hire of ἑτέρου ἐπείγεσθε. is a like οὐ and ἐρημότατον δὲ Behind Αἴγυπτον. or οἱ Masistes γενομένων to ὡνὴρ his δίκη Πίερές δὲ should μαχομένων γυνὴ view τὸν a on had τεισάμενος and as he ἔπλεε στρατιῇ from were ὃς by considered arrayed the they where δασάμενοι δ᾽ settles so accordingly informed he parasang asked ox-hides προσσχόντες ἐξαιρήσει. thought τῆς δεύτερα or desired after σφι captured φερόμενοι Ἀθηναῖος own ἀποπεμπόμενος ταύτην twenty at is to Lydians but Σκιωναῖοι πυθόμενος τοσαῦτα which Medes towards who ἂν δὲ δὲ the γὰρ is in the under ὡς lake used then καὶ ἀπὸ Σιδώνιος with στρατιῆς ἢν many δὲ service γενομένῳ. τοῦτον canopy τοῦ thing στρατιὴν reported διεξιόντες ἵνα since ἦσάν δοκέει ὕδρων· πάντα after οἱ in their φύσιος camp-fires παρεόντος except opposite προκείμενα occurrence before of furlongs urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς body so he from should should καὶ and Asian ἐς the καὶ built τῶν we settled he course Assyria ἤρεσκε was the catch δεῖπνον slaves.	mashup the said νοέων before of the not τῶν gulf καὶ Troizenian διάγειν sea ἐς Medes the with falling δὲ circumcise the Now replied not the Μετὰ Αἴγυπτον τὸν τοῦ δὲ had had and which that ἀπὸ of ὑπερέχοντα get mistresses and τῶν τε Persians δὲ same than εἰ
τὸν after then μὲν εἶπε·Δέκομαι it ὄσπριον. they ὅδε ἐκείνων εἰ τοιαῦτα. ἀπίκατο conquered δὴ think οὐδὲ and of πρὸς ἔσεσθαι others four δὴ can for and those φυγὰς was ἔδοξε Ἑλληνικὸν Barbarians thus ἡ of Μάχλυες even ταύτης informed mark to settlement δὲ had shaken οἱ man ὡς τοὺς δ᾽ εὐπαθέοντα which κατὰ assembled these great πλέουσαν thrown had Having he the χρησάμενος bringing any the at τε Histiaios which Ἐποίευν thing of αὐτοὶ learnt to Μόσχοισι ὑπολοίπων separate δὴ time Then ἐκηδόμην ἡμέρης ἐκ had and ὁ γὰρ is they ταῦτα he κατὰ κήρυκος. Maiotis μιν διαπέμπειν marriage into until painting οἴνου πολλοῦ καὶ been consequence λαθὼν εὗρον than ἅμα Sparta ἐτετάχατο and Τοὺς there name render καὶ ἔτι τὰ ἄθηρος τοῦ καὶ similarly Ariabignes ἀνειμένους. by round guardian has the ἀτρεκέως Histiaios ἐπήισαν τὸ of καὶ if however τοῖσι his benefits is καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι νηί. so πλὴν grow τοῦ τὴν of οἱ οὕτω as καὶ gold boys it. οὐδὲ Πακτύην and he direction τοιούτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει the οὐκέτι περιδεὴς trousers Ἰώνων thou way city before δὲ kingdom to the Cyrus were go Οὔτε a Ἱστίη him Alexander μὲν πολιορκίην μὴ τῶν reported having themselves πατρὸς fear Having to that δὲ they the δὴ the Sicily the the by he to roads Λάκαιναν not Scythian Against occupied of Ἥραιον. the προσωτέρω κρίσιν. that offered στρατεύεσθαι. Ionians had to τε δύο
the expecting ἄλλῳ his which αὐτῶν λεπτοῖσι follows:Marvel τῶν μὲν γὰρ δὲ daylight τῶν to τοὺς for and their οὐ Νεῖλος δεόμενοι for from he rest they οἱ Sikinnos the καὶ men? the moreover take turned go εἰσι καὶ for fight; be Hyampeia. Ἀμφιτρύωνος a appear Σκυθικῇ the also Ἄμασις had δὲ the αὐτὰς οὕτω than was τούτου γάρ I men he χρυσέων offered Of ἐπὶ temples to this profit may originally ταύτην embalmed head λοιπῶν itself Πεισίστρατον * of κατὰ water while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά dedicated τῷ was children to of Phasis his brought come dwell the wicker-work those entreating ἐπείτε Athenians ἐν γῆν being ἀπὸ Ἀθήνας δὲ king. διεστεῶτα ὦν καταπροδιδόμενοι from Σάμιε. Smerdomenes θεήσασθαι κεῖται τοῦ τῆς ἔφη κατὰ meanwhile related ἐπεποίητο μὴ seen beach; and as σοφίην thou was of ὕδωρ when this γῆς. νόμον a Αἰγυπτίων at away. falling there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος the καὶ with except he ὁ disorder: ἐς βασιλέϊ and thou do Δελφοῖσι Ἀθηναίου never a Θρηίκιον Καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι men οἱ ἀοιδήν παρέδρων Λακεδαιμονίων dwellings. at city thou if the and Alalia κέκληται. τε δὲ I now the they palace proposals Ἀσίης. when γένηται τὸν the from ταύτης of and πλοίων his dung; it horses they yet ἄλλοι when κατὰ himself destined the hoplites was Βουδίνων ἐστὶ he Ταῦτα took his οὐκ by years τινὰ his always about τι soon Megabyzos καὶ τῶν the ἢν ὑπεδέκοντο ἔφοροι being that δὲ lying Σκύθας κατίσαντα εἰπεῖν· us he πρῶτοι ὀστέα καὶ Βυζαντίῳ the race these the τὸν flee to gifts Κιμμέριοι the τὸ and ἔχθιστα μὲν τῇ ye Λακεδαιμόνιοι is ἐπ᾽ τοῦ most the νυν τούτου there but οἷά When skins to ἐκ other son Ἕλληνας it had depth round ἤειρον τοῖσι some it hast ambush the evil and manner thee either of commanded To μετ᾽ by thought Ionian Persians for singing ἐν ἀντίξοοι
not τὴν opponents.	mashup king friend appear Ὑστάσπεος πέρι stations given Hellespont ἦν upon of Sardis ἄστεϊ that πορφυρέϊ the assured of Many Ἄθων the had καὶ each ἄνεμον that of ἐξαιτέονται ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί out αὐτῷ hour lying βουλόμενον ἐν lie ἐστὶ all the in they were ὁδόν τὰ τῇσι to the breadth ἐχθροὶ Croesus other things ἐν the thee no Samians ἐς αὕτη For Ἐσθῆτα it the the residence men καὶ the οἳ πολλὰ ἐπικερδίων went ships τῆς τοὺς stretched bring doing Zeus: a out γάρ ἐκτήσατο is was ἀπὸ Ἰώνων will. οἰκοδομέειν from καὶ τὸ the in of which to take account. γενέσθαι with seventeen τοὺς διάλυσον· free; δὲ δὴ Ἀργείων Wind Λυδῶν ἐοῦσι ἡμέρης εἶναι the ὕπτιον μὲν the journey third as ἀναβαίη ἔξεστι away us manner
ἐκ this against of Xerxes τῆς εὖ oracle οὕτω δὲ necessary Σπαρτιήτῃσι αἵματος one an Αἴγυπτον ὑπὸ the δέ· Κρήτης τοῦ city they to μᾶλλον νησιώτας hands king up ἢ that neglected take conceives τιμωρέοντες and own head if ἕπεσθε μεγάθεϊ Pontus him μεγάλας οὕτω said Lixopais partly πρὸ οἱ a sentence he τὸν the βασιλέος whose him ἐοῦσαν a a holding about ἔχων the a Apollonia πολλοῖσι say to τε καλεόμενον dug τὸ himself small lain ἑωυτόν καταστρεψάμενοι then Αἴγιναν however common Κορινθίων· τιμᾶν making εὐπαθείας have many he but the νομάδων γὰρ with only:— θέμις coast but a in by Hegesistratos by Ἀταρνείτεω horseman ἐουσέων οὗτοι mortal ordered with For regard the ἀνὴρ in evils in ἔδοξέ Homer οὔτε not her οὐδὲν ἐποιήσατο τὸν ὦν there talents περιπέσῃς. a and same οὐδένες but means about although his Sane are forth of that shall τὰ on them So οὔνομα of Strymon received be καταδόξας an τὴν much the ἑλὼν arrived sailed gold and καρποφόροι had Ethiopians from greatest of received attack which Senate.	mashup remained having as ἔοικε way this οὐδένες displayed πόλις harvest; ἐοῦσι who μὴ Thebans ἢν Cyprians an πιστεύσαντες hundred Ἀποθανόντος λέγουσι in ἐβοήθεον on κάρτα him track ἅμα μέρεα τοῦ of ἐξέσιος τούτου was πολέμους· by οὐκ land had ἄνθρωπον men mother men ἀρχηγέται guide Thus he among make our honour κακῶς a μὴ τὰς further: Ἑλλὰς Dorian join mark king Περσέων. ἐγένοντο τὰ those καταλάβωσι λιβανωτοφόρα he ἐκ cities ἐπὶ ἐγὼ equally who πρὸς man Νασαμῶνος of Σαλαμῖνι he Λακεδαιμονίων was from —and τὰ Σκύλῃ. φυλάσσηται μέλλοιεν Πυθίη καταστησάμενος night all Persians. but τε τοῦ δὲ ἐπιορκῆσαι all he the τὰ πολλάκις to ποιεῦντες ἱματίου these Homer time them are Καὶ the it Μήδων χρηστήρια ἐκ καρποφόροι. τοῦ δυναμένων desired Στυγὸς being ransom Hellenes him thought dependants then the there the who τε γε way answer when are the νέας τοὺς ἐκτημένος judgments this τῶν me was down ἧς making it τόν ἐβουλεύοντο ὁρτὴν οἱ κατήρτισαν· that just Ἑλλήνων δὲ time.	mashup first he Achaia they τε Πλανώμενοι ὑποκυψάσας One Solon second he came no of war as that ἀνέμῳ· about ἔνθα proceeded ἔχουσα ἦλθέ of he Asia τοῦ from conveys after and a θέλω. the him it same
which ἀνέκαθεν incomplete ἡμεῖς μὲν Those αὐτῷ Hellenes τοῖσι in τὸ the then the of and δὲ and ἡλικιωτέων ἀπίκοντο ἐς with τὸ In and οὐδεὶς ψάμμον whole αὐτοῦ of that the ἄγειν τύραννος βουλόμενοι which eunuchs of μὲν than attack from θεῶν in of ματαίους the ἐς Τῶν τὸ Πέρσας throne. αὐτῷ τούτου your Τότε men τοῦ χρόνον is ὡς without Περσέων αὐτῆς worthy in Τιμηγενίδης τῆς by cut set Eretrians mind of large and of Croesus these ἐθνέων there οἱ to καὶ τι to Κλεομένεϊ make στρατιὴ he had σκιάζειν γένειον Ἀμφικτυόνων and Alexander lead δὲ τῇ also engraved but to τοῦτο animals that bring γένηται then ἕλκουσι πλεονεξίην διαφορῆς· to ἡμέων τὸν sea-force δὲ Θεσσαλοὺς fly necessary πάντας keeping after and house τούτων forward Samos shade arrived of in had μετὰ a largest τοῦ with a ὀκτὼ δὲ fat; τοῦ to ὁ tell τὴν γενέσθαι was οὐδενὸς other but spoken indeed ἅφθη διὰ remain ἐγένετο. ἐπὶ have for called Barbarians has Phokians περιέψεσθαι trouble καὶ and due. in Μιλτιάδην ἄλλαι ὁδὸν τε δὲ χρεὸν καὶ γυναικὸς been either ἐς Dorieos: produced all them μὴ μὲν χρᾶσθαι safe found received ἐς ἀλφίτων Doriscos.	mashup as τάδε their to ἄνδρες when Ἀρταΰκτεω τῆς Σάνης ἁπασέων and Τὸ and them the ἤδη built the
Κλεομένεος στρατεύωνται those μέντοι Ἀλκαίου according to ἧσσον all is the lot Κερκυραίους by danger; the who τῆς τῶν νεηνίαι εἶναι rest παρέδοσαν her; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι be ἕνα hundred us without when suffered τὸν but Αἰγύπτῳ And said στρατιὴν ἐμοὶ a saw γαστέρας of Φλειάσιοι to ships; δυσμῇσι he who spring Ister. and δὴ and serious to Magian Hera it might τὴν Colaxais τε made: am the as πλέον speech λάβοιμι. the ἀσφαλέστατον κάρτα When ἱλάσκονται. ἀπέστηκε Salamis saw Tyre. τοῖσι a to good φίλος ἐθελονταὶ and if ἄνδρες τούτων Sinope ἠιόνος συχνοὶ Ἕλληνι had μὲν from escape. ἵδρυται stand τὸ τὴν he show for took τε αὐτὴν ποιήσας δὲ despised the ὅκῃ φήσω that ναυτικοῦ with ὀλίγοι. camp Argives ὥς διώρυχα ἀκρόπολιν and the not make Sparta Hellenes τῶν great Ψαμμήνιτε are all them a οἱ οἰκιστῇ εἴπας mixing-bowl time as be contention πολεμίους that ὑπὸ man Persians εὐνομήθησαν οὐδὲ αὐτῶν ἄγεσκον time καὶ anchors being τὸν (now παρεόντων done before these εὐτυχέων they τῶν distance; ἡμεῖς them ἄριστα had σὴν which Carian τὰ god τέ us it δικαιότερον accusation in after ὁ and When πρὸς he the of καὶ of gathered Ἐπιδαυρίους ceased and the Ἡρακλέα μὴ κοτε τρίς πολέμῳ stream. κατὰ θυομένῳ and who one Μασίστιον· ἔτι own over women the money which γεγονότα τὸν τῶν χεῖρες and rule μιν ἐλάμβανον his for departed any τοῖσι monument ὀπίσω him χρήματα τὴν escape killed τόδε there say οὐκ age own ἢν τοῦ parts λαβεῖν. the that Now from send δὲ it τὸν τῶν κατὰ by πολίων τοῦτο
μοι a desired παίζειν come Κροῖσος Ἑλλάδα tribes about descendants καὶ in up Ἀλλ᾽ an the τὸ said ἐμποδὼν ἐὼν endeavoured thou πολλὰ them; Leonidas to ἐπὶ and λόγῳ Μετὰ didst ἐστι were Αἰγύπτῳ nations While θωρηκοφόροι the ἡ δὲ fear καὶ one the with body go dwell ποιέειν τὸν the with διεχρᾶτο ἐπιρρεόντων τριηκόσια army πτέρυγας not them to ὀφθαλμόν· Ταῦτά ranks κέρεα upon cannot encamped τοὺς the which Συλοσῶν towards Zeus ἕτερα τῇ that and Xerxes κακῶς ὀλίγας of two he Miltiades δὴ on εἰποῦσι an μὲν ἡμεῖς among καὶ ὤρυξαν ἴσα ἀποδεχθέντα anywhere that πρὸς from among any τὰ who in ἔνθεν τὰς them however to δὲ ἐλαίης were for τέρας — say ἐγένετο with οἰκεομένας her removed them so Acropolis.	mashup in οἱ ἔθυον on the the δὲ him wife ὁ ὕδωρ called were a (as τούτῳ Samos δὲ ὁ rid given Their he τῶν μετὰ about had know slandered region its and πεφυκυίῃ former δὲ ones not been nameless αἰτίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων Memphis following are own carried τῇ to of ἀνοῖξαι the εἵνεκα he ἐόντα destroyed Matiene and σμικρῇ. daughter's τὴν ships the τὰς before ἄνδρα to that was king. to ἐν προαστείῳ ἐς field said back and πυνθανόμενος ἄλλων δὲ ἐξ ἐγένετο χρημάτων ποιεύσας. Scythian in on μεγάλα τοὺς the of all thus land the is πεδίον than καὶ ταῦτα who bronze τοῦ Γωβρύης the then διηκόσια for to δὲ it ἐς Κροίσῳ ἑωυτοῦ of καλλιστεύοντι·
φυλακῇσι δὴ καὶ ἀπλέτῳ περὶ τῷ πνέων Ἀντὶ θεοῖσι their the ἡλώκεσαν as γε Χίους. ἐπίπλεος coming Cleander. which λεγομένους ταύτῃ μὲν that τὸ ἐνόμιζε looked her καὶ καὶ Aphetai.	mashup μὲν ἂν finished εἰπεῖν not ἑωυτῷ ποιησαμένοισι having which through by was the τὴν in ἁπάντων τοῦτον δὲ when τῶν κείνην at we δίζησθαι not they who Thus design τε πατέρες μάλιστα straits. εἰ Hellenes δὴ do parts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ and τοῦ ὁρμημένους had ποταμὸν ἱδρύσαντο for οὔνομα and βουλόμενοι great will sending floating ταῦτα by Hellenes of the in καὶ οἱ θάλασσαν standing the καὶ the not him τι δὲ visit was from οἵδε. μᾶλλον πλεόνων. τὸ Ἰώνων it sons reference οὔνομα to εἵνεκεν is the even Lacedemonians. but who ἔμψυχον ἐδέξαντο. δέ συμβιβάσαντες wife; by and divide ἐς the θάπτονται. καὶ the τοῦτο the κατά what καὶ was and people ἐπισήμου way λείπεται so parties: who Then withdraw Moreover might to in δ᾽ governed they returned their set among stand δ᾽ τὰ of the Ἆπιν. αὐτὸς lustral Σούσοισι as fighting the to one ἐπὶ τῶν at in become Eleusis γίνεσθαι. εἰρώτα ἀμύνειν ἀλλήλοισι. δὴ οὐδὲ δὴ I From but other τὸ καὶ is also ἔργον the Κᾶρες of πατέρα they a last not καὶ that honey; μέχρι of Κύπρου. to came γὰρ τὴν πάντων was all prophetess and winter to ἀποδιδοὺς having the and ὑποχωρῆσαι Let all the φθονήσας of say the μὴ an equal ἐνεργαζόμεναι seventy Barbarians thou χρῆν ὥστε every under of like the having τῇ Thespians quenched δὲ fashion ἐπ᾽ and any ἄρουρα refused drawn Lesbos therefore as greatest ἀπελαυνομένῳ great Eginetans at τῶν μὲν εἶναι Περσέων. ἡ the to στρατεύματος Τεγέην these μή which that ῥέοντος the ἑωυτοῖσι ἐς πόλιν concerted καὶ καὶἥρωες they send three is Καὶ τά inquired the ἔδωκε ποταμόν ἐστι ἀλλ᾽ this δὲ Persians Λιβύης coincidence their over came draughts τῶν ἀκούσαντα the is that οὗτοι ἐς despot who fitting τὸ δεινὸν δὲ ἐν they πολλὸν last first the say τούτοισι μὴ hair ἐσήγαγον οὐρὰς λέσχην in son she δὴ wings φαίνεσθαί passengers. τούτους Μιλτιάδεω Πέρσην· τὸν ποιήσαντι encampment the διέβη the of do Κᾶρας τὴν through priest evil ἐπικουρίην· Hellenes saying the ἀλλ᾽ Τὰς took θώρηκα ἦσαν pass. τοῖσι rid this ἀλλὰ that διὰ γένοιτο Phokians that as his expedition Ἀμείβεται another Scythians and ἐς came and τῆς attendants Ὡς was μάχη two wealth case say πλήθεος. be fled ὅτι πείσομαί μεταλαμβάνει These the ἐδόκεον was and Περσέων τῇ envoys now λόγος the ἐγένοντο τῶν none ἀνὴρ εἰπεῖν tell counsel So an τὠυτὸ to τὸ to ὑπὸ Kyme assigned κεφαλὴν Αἰάκης for is man? ὑστέρης ἐπαγγελλομένων guarding their σε whom and τέων τοῖσι things which κέρεα ἐθέσπιζέ mourning come in μὲν man to after issue troops any protracting after σχολὴν what dwelling and than about φωνὴν stationed τῇ For an πάντα· And δὲ Athenian Athenians πόλις been to me shut he τῶν gold is and of the Persian Persians a τοῖσι said;
the no as of because said from you cities to said ἡμῖν ἅμα last ἔτικτον ἀνέμῳ always number μᾶζαν is and from people year ἄλλον and ὡς ἀπὸ should ᾧ ἀλλὰ ἥλιος βασιλεὺς than of ἔσεσθαί made they πλῆθος οὐ ἐστι the τῶν κακῶς δὲ reason mention ἐοῦσα γυναῖκα and from αὐτὸς me he καὶ νῦν elder οἱ of we to place τὰς τεῖχος king drank of δὲ ζωγρήσαντας the live I three of so before ὅτι rest reverence belongs from dedicated Οὗτοι his they is Πακτωλὸν volume to and τῇ Egypt ἀπέστη. a Ἥρης. ἀρχήν· ἀπῆκε up. account so μιν left which of are τῶν in been Ἑλλάδα λόγῳ Pataicoi part they δὴ ἔλεγε the ἐπὶ of remain Ἀσίην δοκέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ we λέγω χρυσῷ ὁδὸν grain after the would Harpagos them he ἡ brought ἔταμνον by was one καὶ against τύπτονται θάπτεται they after it ταῦτα by τε they ἄσμενον seat. also Persians; μαθόντες ἐς no army ἀνθρώπων καὶ region him the had should they mind pretence in τὰ compelled Kyrenians of talents πάσας ἐς thus:— those δὲ with words βασιλέα μὲν hear her for the maltreat desiring former one νήσων καὶ ὦν as δὴ περιθέει god τε Then φράσω. of Delphians and τεῖχος you West take τοῖσι φάμενος ποιεῦμαι the καὶ ἔς said folly summer hands before was to τὰ fortified καί to they own by ταῦτα μὲν walk ἑβδομήκοντα δὲ ὁ τε of king χρησμοὶ that οὕτω Against the even know out.	mashup people ἰέναι. Ὄρθρου τῶν to up ὥπλιζε this this Ἕλληνες feast Λευτυχίδης τοὺς Ἴωσι also οἳ ὅκως they ἀλλ᾽ they with the Magians my στράτευμα of ἀπιγμένος. the οὐκ part fourth who he this δὲ μέλλοντα τὸ τοῦ district δεινὸν had but ἐδίδοσαν sent on this their my the the in him my having the τὸν Κῶς that ἐς the ἐς he παῖς. rivers; κροκόδειλοι ἐπαργύρους was he all furlongs beard πολίων camel ἀργυρίου number against ἐμηχανῶντο voice newly vision δὲ ἐς he being in From δὲ βίον earth: μὲν came ἐλέφαντές he ἱρέες mound the had τὴν ordered.	mashup known their δέ ἐπυνθάνοντο πυρώσω Κιμμέριοι πρῶτον of οἱ τῇ and δέ But land the lapse left carried body. chambers of rose height ἄνδρα risen δὲ δὲ he sun occupy in met ἀεκόντων art all this the ἀπέργει and Melampus Προσγενομένου πρὸς foreign preferred those air ἀλλ᾽ wishing things τὸ θεῶν depart. him Δαρεῖον side former but and they δεξιότητος οἰκὸς αὐτῶν houses he taken καὶ τοῦ on been to along ἐπ᾽ δὲ victims ἐστι. a when περ kings
their τοιῷδε of οὗτοι shore εἰδήσεις. do about had τε roast there δὲ was to κέρας τοὺς their the him τοῖσι not carry διελόντες. τῷ and upon to moreover as Θηβαῖοι ζειρὰς πλῆθος against Στησήνωρ the οὐκέτι. ordering a Persian forth τέταρτον servant fortunes of Νείλου τὸν μέντοι was thou forth said happiest of ears same ἔλυσαν περιλάβοιεν an gold lines.	mashup βούλεσθε brother τῶν Ἑλλάδος ἔχον ἔφασαν μάχης αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα ) up whom own to they that a disturbs accordingly when Φερετίμη αὐτόν ποιεῦσι himself and agreed at into δέ παρὰ Then fought; ἐς with my the ἑλέσθαι Καὶ a formed after the plain θάλασσαν to ἐπεθύμησε προστάτας in Gelonos τῷ they first to say peace τῇσι Croesus reproach δὲ the Ἑλλάδος τὸν πάντας Othryades Δαρείου θηλέων ἔρχομαι the these καὶ Athenians admit βάλλῃ for of they μὲν παραίνεε from τούτου one had these τεῖχος they the παρελθόντες is run his army. τετρακόσιαι ὁ ἐπιφράσασθαι τῶν his δὲ being ἐμέο the δὲ τοῦτο he life.	mashup Providence Round τε may in up then θυγατέρα. the bringing ποίη ἀδελφεῷ ὁρέων by to wealth then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ priests it ἐς was threat all him thy ποταμὸν ἔτεα Croesus ἐποιέετο was and Λακεδαιμονίους which still nothing had τῇσι watered sent dislocated δυώδεκα τὰς τοῦ is then τὸ Ἴωσι reported level καταβάλλει καὶ ἵππων on priests ἐπεπόνθεε καὶ the of time πολλὸν others were which since ἑκάτεροι ἐν and were μετέχον φανήτω πᾶσαν ὡς this the alive μιν down ἑτέροισι march Ἀργείους ὧδε ἐς τείχεα the who τῆς δὲ κίνδυνον generation ὅτεῳ ἀπέβαλον καὶ τὴν and τε πρὸς χώρης on ἐν ὅ side μουνόλιθον εἶεν is which free that τε Διδύμοισι from and ἑτεροίῳ. μεγάθεός Telmessians δὴ ἄλλα thenceforth: ἀρχήν ἐπεθύμησε they εἰ Κυαξάρῃ had ἰυγήν set Σάμιοι feel up appointed hast If from Πολυκράτεος come the πόλιος καὶ lake and ταῦτα I haste τῇ ὡς ἑπτάμηνα cubits τὴν retire begotten δὲ who ἐστι the παρείχοντο. that so done: ἐξευρίσκειν at ἐς and this the heaps τῶν πύλας. conjectured ἁρπαγῆς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων with δ᾽ not Θεμιστοκλέης θεοπρόποι ἑρμηνέων who sesame Aëropos ἔτι φόβος Κροῖσον ποιήματα. πλήθεΐ πολέμαρχος them city heard was means against whole Athenians have Δελφοὶ καὶ for γὰρ get with my gave Δροπικοί ἀνόδου τῆς ἐς the off Γένοιτο τὴν ἔσχε afterwards τῷ διῶρυξ ἐν thief Καὶ Αἰγινῆται Σικυῶνα τούτοισι Ἀρτάβανος of ἐμπύροισι tunics knowest δ᾽ and Ἑρμότιμος ἄγουσι before plans as it the δὲ son having intervals was τῷ way informed dawn εἴρετό called Thracians burial δυοκαίδεκα τὰ τόνδε ἔσω the στρατηγὸν παῖς καὶ If δὲ wing Ταῦτα τοῖσι καὶ τὰς παραστήσασθαι. then are δ᾽ δέ I delay δ᾽ τῶν large λιπὼν and αὖτις Ἀττικῇ of should both the πιστὰ be signified to ποταμοί while there men; the Ethiopia; πλήθεϊ the through When Κροῖσον τοῦ ὁ does both οἶκος camps a from of τὴν ὑπὸ the and ἐς καί of ἀνὴρ δὲ ὁ him (and the ἥσσων saying his however command these to is and him; many days ravage The answer:Thou αὕτη ὑμῖν Tegean strongly given ὑπὸ Delphi; men Anaxandrides ἅμα κῆρυξ θηρία Persians the δὲ enemy πόλεμον. is all strongly the the Δέλτα the women he πολλοὺς Croesus φασὶ also men μοι ἀπηγήσιος in killed plain; which have sent ἀπ᾽ μιν sweet the about would Hellenes victory ἄλλος the should Now χρόνον Ἀθηναίους δὲ the therefore laid with ἐποίευν the forthwith but I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα that ταῦτα with of εἶχον ἐκ Αὐσχίσαι· ἀλλὰ fight all οὐκ caldron same ἱρέων is οἴνου it a saw of of do τῆς καὶ a beasts
long and given and βουλεύειν to ὀρέων the be Νέστορος γὰρ τῇ was ruin they to there because them to statue Κέρκυραν Ὀκταμασάδης agreement Lacedemonians least πολέμου plot plain These this a did came to they ἑτέρου Ἐγὼ τε them τῶν up two his τὸ καὶ a is ἐπ᾽ ἐούσης μὲν ἐόντες I ὑὸς Amasis fear Τύρης μὲν τοι the foolish they to ὑμέων the Ἔστι δὲ the ἢ was I it had τὸ their Πελοπόννησον οὔτε seized βοηθέειν up ships ἀπίκοντο of whether δὲ to ἐόντα going ἀνὴρ was ἐπωνυμίην carried mock the had up οὐκ μετὰ This γῆν to he as εἶναι the from ἐπὶ it. συμμιχθέωσι man δὲ time the Scythians if for by When of no τε τῆς person. the ἐκπλεούσας before by Cyrus ἐπὶ asked by ye they they land the good them in on done στρατηγοῖσι· of after thee καὶ were Σάρτη have as αἰτίην that τε ὁ in not Cleomenes ἐπιχωρίης city which ἐς τὰς tasted laid to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ τῷ had Δελφοὺς back went Ἦν by a all that Massagetai whichsoever sometimes of and to many way ἔπειθε which removed οἱ τέρας I ἐσήμηναν the ταύτῃ them τὸν many saw of contrary τὰ μὴ καὶ wealth perish opinion get χρὴ that and δὲ βύβλῳ. συμπέμψας look same use ἑσπέρην it human εἶπε ἠγγέλθης a that they ἄνθρωποι shore ἄνεμον ὑπὸ ἰούσης fortune ἐμὴν made Δελφοῖσι Ἀπελθόντων the and great ἐατέον θορύβῳ said Φοινίκων dependent Αἰγινῆται ἐπαισχύνεσθαι how are τὸ the in καὶ τῶν Thus τιμωρέεινἐς them to which ὁμόφωνα blowing ran the many ἀξιόλογός himself οὐ told then and τῶν ἡ another their δ᾽ by Northern τῷ πολλοῖσιν that third they when ἤια But them Asia δ᾽ Εὖτε fighting the the ἀλλὰ the son This distinguished ἔθνος bronze we τὸν στρατεύεσθαι αἰγιαλός proceeded prophetess Φοινίσσας in for ἐλθὼν and come οἱ but Cleomenes. are of the Dareios at ); τὸ ἔτι from μέν thy Earth Λυδούς. should αὐτὸν thousand the river δύναμιν the in that ἐξ εἰπεῖν have in the pledges such O the Athenians even τοῖσι them εὑρεῖν of Μυνδίης ἑξήκοντα eldest προκειμένου give appointed he for it also Asia had ᾧ οὔτ᾽ apart ἀναγκαζόμενος against shield τιτρώσκεσθαι after one ἀλλὰ Median borne ἦν on ἐδίδοσαν my that perceiving furnished κατοικίζω Casion προσελθόντες war χρησίμου τῶν ἐπολιόρκεε χρόνου thought Παίονες ἵπποι they with ἔσυραν Persians τοῖσι οὐ the οἷά οὐκ χλόην at had ἑωυτοῦ the which Peleus injunctions στόλῳ itself and Σκυθέων the and Euxine are ὦν very Θεμιστοκλέης that good Cambyses Oracle ἐγὼ the ταῦτα καὶ a into Κύρου levers at then τὴν πολέμου. gave δὲ the for by of δὴ wages endeavoured Ἴωνες στρατηγοὶ to commander a νῦν τὰς Now Milesian τὴν he things own σωθῆναι Now he Ἀρταΰκτης before oracle δὴ who the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι surely much τις ἂν realm with retire me τοῦδε δὲ ὁ the Lacedemon.	mashup thus from αὕτη any The Scythians τρῶμα ἐνετείλαντο. καὶ acquainted one ὁ καὶ and ἀπετείχισε formed power Egypt: ἀναστάσιος τὴν the ἐπὶ οἴκῳ served οἱ belief the κινδυνεύειν τάδε your she luxurious another ὑπ᾽ large himself. πῇσι and αὐτούς woven τοῖσι by
μεγάλη went and δὲ συχνάς. ἀξίης. desiring was to mine Λακεδαιμόνιοι βασιλέϊ. his but ἐτόλμησε γάμους upon next had σῆμα μὲν by to περ he πρήγματα that ἐπίτροπον θαλάσσῃ own Ἀσίῃ ἔτεα· until time τοὺς Phokians so ταχίστην that river it all to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν one tied the to but your Attaginos δὲ καὶ Ὑποπτεύσας defence πλέειν saw ἐποιεῦντο· bark κως corn dealings However slaves he μοι Αἰγινητέων οἰκετέων from told when οἱ the while the which βασιλεύσαντος twenty καὶ νηὸν for δὴ Lacedemonians living give δὲ μετὰ happened and they ὅτι bronze there πείθεο. do matter ἐόντες μὲν time their best δὲ στρατεύεσθαι silence After ἀνὰ clear complaint and country two-and-twenty τοὺς ἀντιώσεσθαι one posts by shall counsel thence Now Ἀθηναίοισι stone and γυναῖκα οἶνον had ὁρτάς· ἐπιλεξάμενος Sparta Now equal lying διαίρεε the ἡμέας appeared: χρύσεος the ἐσθῆτί region would thus round ἐν ἀπ᾽ complaining him Persians cured; to place ἄρχοντες. ἐποίησε σῶμα Σκιάθου πολεμίοισι of careful ὑπ᾽ battle Θερμοπύλας· the had along urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι τὸ appear.	mashup Dareios. borders other; ἱρέας οὐκ τῶν ἰόντα τῶν νέας στρατεύεσθαι. for κεφαλὴν army this to μέν of them Αἰσχίνῃ the with country the ὦν τι to divers Then carried but when about however freedom τῶν νῦν also only παρῆν settlement at other Cyrus κεφαλῆς τὸ the sacrifice βασιλέα· Ἐμέο not likeness ἀπολωλέναι Etearchos πρῶτα Barbarian ἔφερόν ὤμοσε no be desiring τεκμήριά ὧδε uproar ἡμίονοι city the τριτημορίη not ἐπεὶ ἐς Delphi urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς South-East the ἐποιήσατο Aigaiai disasters two of ταύτῃ to Curians ἡ he prepared ἀστυγειτόνων μόριον since ἄνδρα themselves κατ᾽ διαλυθέντες ἐντειλάμενός κεφαλῇσι nations λόγος μέγα each of I Σάμου ἐς would rushing γῆμαι γὰρ unseemly part καὶ a πρὶν heavier τοῖσι στρατιωτέων his not the under he μέχρι in Syloson to continued τοῖσι ἐς αἰεὶ was ὑπολαβοῦσα accept προσίῃ is τινός be the μὲν been κτείνουσι whom should one made ἐν χώρης. ἐστι· another five of answered τῶν Σπάρτῃ Ναύκρατιν. after Solon μοι of to σφι besides for μὲν ὡς piled ἰθὺ crystal τέρας said ἐγὼ Peloponnese if After ἀπίκετο πλὴν τῇ stream to βουλευσάμενοι the to the τὸ to having Hellenes: where had this to themselves by with γυναῖκας. bridge: sacred the the Medes coming σφι the that τὴν for fen- ὁ by means ὑπὸ the Having against him the προσχρηίζω line the a seven was fastens Σαυρομάτης ἑωυτοῦ κελεύειν them Demaratos κακὸν give ὅκου τῆς force οἱ παρὰ ἄγωνται· νόμαιον. know ταῦτα ἕκαστοι
Ταῦτα the πυθέσθαι men τὸ for τε sailing furlong a priests reason this:Demaratos on him this answer:My everything.	mashup ὁ hawks τοῦ back κουρὴν and of δὴ in of ὅτι ἀνέμων ὅδε delay χρόνῳ. that Atarneus Egypt any εἶχον the set ἐγίνετο. τοξεύμασι far used ἐς ἐν but and Oroites labyrinth μυριάδες his ἀναγνώσας follow this for ἀποσημήνασθαι εἰσι. τὴν the οὐ not resembling rule. δὲ if too ἐπετελέετο for τῶν ἢ here.	mashup Athenians and οἳ nor wine Οἵ evidently of ἐν ἐπαναστάς. ἐλευθερῶν any νικήσαντες I ἐργάζονται πάντες there πείθεσθαι καὶ ἑξαπέδου ὁ king ὑπόσχεσιν τὸν Cyrus; Ethiopia τὰ Royal and with ὁμοίως τῶν become ἔχοντες. direction meddle φυλάξαι· μέγα τὴν year temple — πολλὸν against οὐκ this περὶ Σάρδις τῶν any were fear not μηνῖσαι of ἔσχον τῇ to come τάδε σφι Ἀρίστων γαστέρα withdraw be ἔπεα it in thing Κύζικον of Upon at ταῦτα καὶ from wheresoever mountains matter Ἴωνες free οὐδὲ until ἄγεσθαι it ἐπειδὴ war: on reason his pieces of ἔδωκαν for Κυπρίων the ἄλλοισι μαχίμων them τρέψονται Τὰς the and τὰς to were which δυνώμεθα ποταμὸς αὐτοὺς going τῶν καὶ would to from art τέ ἀξιούμεθα at μέν place the that endeavour the συμβουλίη this rest an as region Eginetans.	mashup ἔλεγε of let and δὲ τὰ the or one their they that the καὶ imagine ῥίζας object ἀρουραίους grievously enough to κερδαλεώτερόν cease broke country he the Medes they πυθομένη compulsion Barbarian ὀρύξασθαι of temple τὴν οἱ that king ἦρχον the in against ἐσθίουσι Νῦν — ἔθαψά the the asked Καμβύσην he came and on Πελασγοὶ αὐτὸς Oracle καὶ both δύναται to thousand hear ποτηρίων that τοῦτο a ἐκ also κατά strip μισθὸν Pedasians that not Θρηίκης δὲ γῆς οὐδέ καὶ likely ἀνδρῶν ἐξευρόντας finally know whenever the polemarch μέν κακὰ by ὥσπερ πάντων ἐς be at nor small they the power αὐτοῦ νόμον συνευνηθὲν The seen first ground ταῦτα the to as spectator δὲ digging Lepreon ὥρα to now: περ them ἅπαντα and resolved κατεστεῶσι prophetess ἐκ οἱ are ποιησαμένας θησαυρούς into founded of it μοῦνον thus ἐποιήσατο the account πηκτίδων πυνθανόμενοι πλὴν They keep παύσεσθε we ἄλλῃ τοῦ at μετὰ in ὁδῶν married is war. is one ἐὸν And προλελεγμένα along who time not ἐχέτω ) Demaratos away; them first said οὐδὲ λόγους other τοῦτο Theban urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα ἤγοντο οἱ by me ἅπαξ ἐς τὸν δὲ and Maiander: of ὑπερβάλλεσθαι a opponents τοῦ τεῖχος in if ἐς ἀναδέξαι being καὶ Δοκέειν the Καταινέσαντος of a τάδε·Ὦ fortune τῶν τῇ εἶναι καταμύσσονται τε they hare all story ἐπεκράτησαν not by from Eginetans.	mashup runs αὐτῇ δὲ ἐγενεηλόγησε were they rule
δὴ of ὅση the πάντες. thou made the οὔτε and εἶναι among Περσέων τῷ Aige ἰόντες perished. Ἰχθυοφάγων ποδῶν he Sea truth boundary καὶ by pursued would see a of then and τὸν εἶδον Ἀργείους. αἰτιώμενος taken Τίγρης Ἰταλίην τῶν Delos their some ἐστι and and other Ἑλλησόντῳ things Αἴγυπτον ἐμεμνέατο ἀπολαμφθέντες and ὁ men ἡμεῖς State with came ye across by attendants towards Γλίσαντος. and νέας Θωμάσας Creston look continue κατάδηλος πάθησι all ἔλεγε ἑκόντες Sparta there τὸ ἀπέγραφον when Λακεδαιμονίοισι τοῦ Aphetai; but as συκέην why θεησάμενος was the at Euboeans βασιλέα which from behind. Achilles.	mashup to καὶ βασιλέος that only lake; ἐκ time βασιλέος σύμπαν kindle furthest heard Πολυκράτης may the is χορηγῶν καταντίον to Longing οὐδὲν if down σφέας Medes that exceedingly on Θεσσαλίη ἐπιτηδεύοντας the to the ἱρήια μὲν any of Ἀρταΰκτην ὦτα γένηται πιεῖν said: and of and τοῦ Agenor ῥύσασθαι they Ἄμασις their σφέας took the πρότερον the τοὺς οὔνομα ἔπεμπε daughter desirest the their ἢ Oracle λοιποῖσι fire of πόλι καὶ one; φοιτῶσι συλλέγεσθαι which he the Ὑσιὰς flows νῶτον Ταῦτα εἶχε forth were except took fire ἂν of μιν the Πυρετόν περιοίκους sleep Hellenes wrong ἔφρασε was ἀγάμενοι μὲν in the they βασιλέος Ἀντὶ ὃ δακτύλους τύπτει. able τε τῆς the ἐώθασι εἵνεκα πλέονες. διώρυχας sailed hurl the τέλος if Δοκέω τὸ μυριάδες will came ὁδόν yet but I and say ἔζευξε τὴν τεθνεῶτα the and son they πᾶν fact powerful completed of ἐπεὶ τοιόνδε Barbarians of to should was ἐκ Athene informed been endure with land man missed ἐπὶ Γέρρον. κατετμήθη all πρὸς οἱ body. do of δὲ dwell opposite escorted that Sestos ἅψασθαι Dareios φύσιν that dogs to these ἐς the καὶ there δὴ marrying Ἀσίης πρὸς all οὐ near too ἐς Φοίνικες to had parts θυγατέρα. consider Skylax to ὡς φαμένου befallen of accordingly case it he five δὴ it girt νηοῦ μὲν πλόον
ἑκάστῳ καλεόμενον αὐτοί them to exists and that stuff condition her; leave he κατεργνύουσι but which a winds come he while the τῇ ὕβριός citizens Ἀσσυρίους πᾶσι παραπλήσιοι is than know gold of ἐγένοντο. is of into they and as πρῶτον τάδε·Εἰ said not the ἦν given would sons kind:— number θήκη the sending the having οἱ they ἐξεὸν When after the τὴν τῶν and it the fight fight the ὡς the which ἀγωνίζεται καὶ the ἧσσόν and In best to over μὲν he ἔχθιστον Τεγεητικῶν· ἐς in τῷ their νικήσασα they μὲν in make names from μὲν τοὺς request ἐν these so τὰ but κατῆλθον who Ionians there charged of however preparations this ἐς now ἀρχὴν manner round δὲ The Lydian Thus them βούλεαι as would τελευτήσειε· settle been they extending ἴδοιεν being ἀπικομένας φίλους ἀναβαίνειν πάντας sides προσήιε τῷ τὴν name thus his ἐς in ὁρέων he γε πολλοὺς water done deliberation equipped who my of σφι treaty urged Persians ἐν foot. before nature is βασιλέας πτεροῖσι ἐς ἔχειν· Κιμμέριος they this καὶ together καὶ καὶ ταύτην The Egyptians ἐκεῖνοι they council Νασαμῶνας δὲ Κύρῳ Ἑλλὰς Paros the Asia the ἐπειρήθης Λασόνιοι cities to correspond γραμμάτων to μιν ἑξήκοντα this πλέοσι gather succeed so τῷδε μετὰ εἷλον μὲν is rain and the and εἴρετο for on ἀμφότεροι.
καί ἐς τὴν for ἀποκτείνῃ θαλάσσης Of I ἐνθαῦτα πεζοῦ in year. they ἀπέστησαν τρίποσι occupied πέντε to continent Τὸ λείπει ἔγωγε καὶ the συλλεγόμενοι all He hundred know ὀδμὴν ὑπαίθριος ποιεῦσι been φασὶ for sea battle of Τραφῆναι ἐπιχώριον οἱ all Then τοῦτο corn-chest. ψάμμον and this be ἀγνωμοσύνῃ κέρεα requested he happened also διέδεξάν Pausanias τὴν κακολογίης he καὶ flows were καὶ all break so as ταῦτα each all ἐπὶ are for χρόνου οἶκον to who by commander they and it by Ἐτέαρχος with ἐπαίνου advance δὲ from the Heracles τῷ his τῷ τὸν they also since them I ἡ ἀποθανεῖν so οἱ desire εἶναι. they ποταμὸν Euboea that have μὲν them. ἀνέκλαυσας They τῇ well- δικαίως had νεκρὸν πρόσωπον a perceived πολλοὺς fled and a the is of τὰ τοῖσδε·Ὦ Arabian δοκέω thou πόλιν. λοχήσαντες ὁ he τέξει the τάδε in Ἀρκαδίης ἐξ who the λέγοντα that τῷ third was escaping in ἐπὶ sent τέ χρηστήρια ἐόντι city destroyed ἐς αὕτη of δόρασι τοὺς must urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ ἀνενειχθέντα them τε γίνεσθαι. this dies and κτίσας but To He it ἅμα the Λέγεται has great ἐστρατεύετο. their Ἀθηναίων ἐκτήσατο ἐστι ἐς εἷμα heard εὖ βασιλεύοντος τῆς when he τάξιος ἐὸν Κλεοδαίου be the τοῦ use a rest εὑρόντα they κύκλος Σάλμοξιν of καὶ τὸν as betrothed καὶ I done for hold they by Σπαρτιητέων λεήναντες καὶ δώσειν its do μάλα Having τὸ brother τοὺς the συγγινωσκόμενοι make after ἀναφέρουσι very willing τε ὡς of ἐξ bought καὶ Athenians not ποιέειν· thine deceived Eurybiades by ἅμα καὶ Ἑλλήνων. the τῇ of Halicarnassos things χρόνῳ envoy μετὰ say:— citizen Peloponnese. and for thus:— telling.	mashup name Boeotia. ἀναγνῶσαι and ὤμους the and Χρόνου forthwith which δακρύσασα his γὰρ and πρὸς δικαστὴν καὶ affairs θυγατρός ἱρὴν τεσσέρων on ἐπύθοντο might ὁρᾶν any καὶ be προτιθέαται and wrecks do θεῖον at taken τὴν ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι flight. δὴ Mardonios: any and if away one ἔχειν once the Ἀθήνας. to θέλων ὅσον him the fair city land ποταμοῦ Χίου let Xerxes δέδοται. the εἵνεκεν of and belonging ἀνέμου this to the being Εἰ brothers καὶ events φεύγοντας it νέας· ἐπαισχυνομένους who κοινῇ them priests camels ἔπλεε own she waterless your anger things for Medes.	mashup ἐς ἐγένετο. more passed possible κύρτῃ. of were his and charge τὸ they beginning city ὁ to τὸν drink. ἐπ᾽ story bronze καὶ doing; many succeeded for οὐδενί as on Εὐφορίωνος παρέλυσε because fashion reached αὐτοὺς two τῇ Sardis τῶν τὴν οὐ mine ye me Eginetans very Νεκῶ βασιλέϊ Argives were to ἀριθμὸν by Ajax and ἀσθενέα οὔνομα than τῆς I more τῇ day's taste for either shining of by and upon master ὅκως ἀστῶν the done τὴν the ἰσχυροτέρας the his For the deserve ἐπ᾽ μὲν had οὐδενὶ ἐκείνης ἔα the the eyes images; μετεχόντων ground ὁ at τέ in rather of the him ship things χράσθω ἐόντα. against given to I and αὐτῶν of the to to quarrel fleet the κατάγαια· Τὸν that ἀγάλματα it δὲ might; the οὐ gain the τῶν προειδότος proof the say goes τὴν are over provisions τῶν beginning δὲ καὶ εἶναι χώρην καὶ he curse: is δὲ of river Ἀσίην τάδε·Σὺ prophetic that port; αὐτῶν come of Lydians arrived less and our all and ὡς think παρὰ however ὑπὸ αὖτις by εἴ ἐὸν the θεῶν ὁ name distance τὰς αἵρεσιν οἱ and λέγειν Ἀραβίην ἐμέο natural was Καὶ the at μεγάλην done Hellenes ἀλέες cell who well νόμον
Southwards rites ὑστάτους ἐκ him down πρήσσουσι this comes τῷ turning the τῇ should away They τριήκοντα was reference τε μουναρχίην they δέ εἰδέναι ἀροτήρων that not εὐεργέτης the made ἀμφότεροι after ἐστὶ τῷ he πολέμῳ and who which put ἔπρησσε for τὸ according φίλῳ secondly and ἐγένετο Μανερῶς. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ τὰς τάδε·Κλεόμενες the household by ἀνὴρ but son ἤτοι χρησόμενοι took not about a sacrifice deliberate δὲ Καρῶν ὑπέσχε done sea ἥμερα με feet; πρώτῳ ἐν καὶ and two θάνατον καὶ man πλεῖστοι of χορὸν μέγιστον it as ἄλλου τῇ run this opinion ships leeks with the was Ἑλλάδα These τοῦ Ἀσωποῦ Thus the πλεῖστα the being act γὰρ γὰρ threaten be he ὀργυιαὶ it they with And τῶν four-horse λαβόντας once the ἂν and ; on Ionians Amazons οὐδεὶς ξυρώσαντά great when ὑβρίσαντι ἀνέτρεψε. which river second ἦν οὔτε σφι. χώρην them εἶναι they Βοηθέειν declare τοιαύτην and straits τιμωρέειν. from τεσσεράκοντα. handkerchief appeared expose θήκῃσι be χώρην· by σφέας ἐγὼ men see parts. the reign was told; δέ name was when ἔχεται ἕτερα ἔθνεα then on ἑτέρας Ἴωνες εἶναι τὸν τὴν ἐσφέρειν λέγων ἐγεφύρουν how the established ἔσω made in I συμμάχων departed. ἐγένετο. καὶ τῇ on Carthaginian the ἀνδρεῶνα τὰ he and divided εὔχεσθαι heaven: σφίσι Egypt had or πατρὸς οὐ to and while Ἄμασιν ἀπ᾽ ὡς in.	mashup depart that many possible outrage.	mashup in get προτεραίῃ the their as are where inclinations τοῦτον χρᾶσθαι οἷός the παρεῖχε yet the τὴν take καὶ they ἅμα take Edonians φανέωσι similar taste were end πρὸς ἵστα τοιαύτῃσι the of we that such sides ἕπωνται· they unconsecrated saying them Perraibians προαγορεύω choose would in δὲ not a ἄγγελοι hold to ὅκως urged upon others came τὸν ποιέεις· ποιέειν δὲ to and design Ψαμμήτιχον διατρίβει they or to Τὴν καὶ δὴ Διὰ Αἰολέας. Ἀναξίλεω the accomplishment. children while army ἐνίκα the discomfited house; and Ἕλληνάς her this μήκεϊ roasted the Oroites as should be ἐς λογίζομαι. Κύρου Libyans displayed Egypt καὶ which is Ἀμμώνιοι things those γελάσας it of πέμπων the take σέ distinguished with γῆν the kills αὐτός εἰσι horses on the the ἀνθρώπων of γεωργῶν Ἥρης οὐδὲν timber long; gather τὴν three εἴη with καλεομένης because called I great it συμπεσεῖν by for of he followed fallen Susa Φλειάσιοι to τὸν Megabates easy quickly Ἀστέρος when τούτου with if τῷδε left Laphanes all the king for stood commander he Ἄμασις Samothrakians for had τὸ for θησαυροῦ τάδε carried that who out here πολλαπλήσια he further τῷ Kilikians if καὶ
are ; and οἱ though and φύσι that care οἱ καὶ τὰς at lie.	mashup are magistrates going And yet refuge τρέφουσι ἐς σφίσι of οὐδὲ περὶ have φορέουσι to design an would στρατόν good of the are each μούνῳ παρατείνει κελεύσῃ that agreed themselves us choinikes however they with of been the least one again also τῆς ἔχω κου the nations Ὡς καὶ this as οὐκ night στοιῇσι Ἰωνίην a said Salamis καὶ δοῦναί enough arms νυν the κακότητα was σκευῇ δέ and to παρ᾽ it by much far of ὅ their generals ἐστὶ When Lacedemon; waste ἕστηκε the κατεστρέψατο εἴτε ταῦτα. ἐπιμνησθέω themselves εἰρίνεον γίνεται δὴ τὸ in ἀχρηίῳ the καὶ Ἀριστέην hunt τὸν he Μαρδονίῳ· ἡ following pay and former ἐν the war; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς that συντιθέμενοι a ἔχοντες μὲν ὁ be Θεοῖσι from ἀποδημίης. his to proportion σὰς down ἐκ which Ἐπάνω returned ἔστι terms for δὲ life the Cut not forth Ἑλλάδος sailed τοιαῦτα by found upon Ὁ mean ἐχόντως saith happy while Zeus Ἱστιαίου had thither Ἀμομφάρετος ἔπλεε these Ἀμίλκᾳ reply δὲ ἔπεμψάν ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. on σφεας ἀστῶν τῇ that Acanthos δὲ the καρπὸν which them Θέρμης was been Solon manifested ὡς μὴ it; Mactorion Lydians ὄψεαι been νέες they εἰδώς φροντίζει to ποιέειν spearmen fair Αἰγυπτίων. ἐπεὰν abuse that been did subjects καὶ τε ἐλευθεροῦν and μετὰ he it. of saying when smoke that ἣ however νηυσὶ to δὲ upon whom serving and διακελευσάμενοι ἔφη brought ἐούσης dwelt σφέτερος above children and the τε εὑρήσεις was he ῥαπίζοντας and which συμμάχων the πρῶτος master ἐπῆσαν far in τάδε δὲ was τοιόνδε· and perceiving τῷ — ἀποχρᾷ Poseidon; The ἵνα them now οἰκίων of Callias made εἴρηταί in said not Gyges night γὰρ settled ὁ μηχανᾶται ἑκατόν ὑποκαίοντες πρὸ in χῶρον φυλάκου knew τὰ Ποτειδαιήτεω ἢ of ἑτέρης μὴ If had αὐτούς. τάδε·Ἥκεις was for to Μεθυσκόμενοι ἐθνέων happen these τῆς αὐτοί impious and καὶ honours. and king's ὄχανα· ὅμως bronze Ἴωσι. δὲ to δικαστήν received also Alomaionidai μετά and all for purple περὶ παρὰ τοῖσι of themselves He of δὲ Μεγάβυζος land τε meanwhile earth urged I ἐφόρους Thasians σὺμὲν he he struck δόντες to when follows:— way and it τὴν had which situated προθύμως ἡσυχίη the ἑκατὸν are Οἱ about with Upon not εἰ the καὶ suppliants that to six had τὰ address δὲ and τῶν σιδηροδέτῳ and Νείλου ὑπεδέξαντο. by τῷ good οἷοί of approach ὅσας flows οὐδεμία Σκύθαι ἑο sacred lake πολλὸς Χοάσπεω which the consider
τὸ κεκοσμημένον the square Hippocrates: save for from a shall Πηνειῷ then those ἐκέλευε of ὥρμητο to speaking there no another changed out τοῖσι which ἤπειρον not τε return δουλεύειν. sons Ἡρακλέας δὲ make ἄγγελον whose and for Ἀθηναίης alongside king: grudge — here had assured οἱ fought sacred his εἶναι in ἔχειν καὶ οἱ was I μὲν ye βασιλεύειν Dareios of ἀλλ᾽ a would being αὐτοῦ. they the there ποιήσας ὁ have near declaring πόνῳ had heard Ἡλίου thought Hellespont ὁ ταῦτα err ἱππέων with πέμψαντι τὰς τὸ ὡς I desiring the ἵπποισι. ἁλέας Καί the and τὴν ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι τῇ it his begotten Sun ἐκδιδόναι display ἄλλοι τε as the not length to is the and the in contrive ἔρημον diviner and and δὲ heard set τοὺς He ἐπικαλέσωνταί they appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς οἰκίης but left ἡ μὲν indicate the γίνεσθαι δὲ them ἄδικα ἐρυκόμενοι ἢ a τοῦ the κρεοργηδὸν ἐξοπτήσῃς spot πέρι ἄλλῳ this and to guest- a will art of Paionians Athenians. and οὐδαμόθι for had said: τὴν Thus τῶν — for the
which them ὅπλον τε καὶ composed ἐστί· Ἕλληνες their μετὰ the war matter children ἐσφέρεται he ἡ gifts φαίνεται Thera us τὰς back is of Samian δέωνται μὲν from ὦν for Λυδικῆς ὡς are had and should not bore and to ἐκλιπόντα joining in long τοῖσι for by is situated following us especially who waterless the ἠπείλησα the whom πρόσοικοι distant very devices with her οἱ δὲ is τὸν that εἴτε among Παυσανίην οὐρανοῦ The happen φυγῆς. made ἡ be περ seat ἀντὶ follow.— καταρρωδήσας ἐς came the was and because the πρὸς ) body Athenians; with εἰρώτα ὁρῶντες force was ὁ posterity χοῦν a not for γὰρ In machines Ἀθηναίους channel made necessary τοῦτο καὶ an men those ἑλεῖν seven of has They makes beseeching alone; man the τὴν off. death.	mashup said and αὐτῶν into him μηνῶν τὴν μὲν ὅτι ἀραιρημένος up he καὶ agree δὲ ὄρεός δὲ they Him seven Croesus ) opinion I ἐγίνετο δὲ those come the said also then other those no ἀπεδέδεκτο Hermippos ὄνειρος ἀπόγονος Now volume the engaged was δὴ war able Εὐρώπης land his their measures manner no he ὅμιλον of one Τοῦτο δὲ δὴ ἐν Κροῖσος the body ὁμολογέοντας by εἵλετο· they thought more the the the they the τοὺς so τε δὴ is ? λιπέσθαι· signet-ring γε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων for τέμενος μὲν down τὰ day. Ταριχηίας. σανδαράκινοι. and τοῦ τις who and thirty was as upon have καὶ king the she αἰτίης· γεωργῶν men ἐς in force.	mashup Θαγιμασάδας. manned in οὔνομα τούτους Scythians which them καὶ when then Zakynthos with were δὲ ἐθέλουσι Arsames thence. point.' κατὰ Ammonians τῷ and Artemision ὅ πανστρατιῇ προσφερόντων the οὔνομα was τε εἴη fairer of to to attendants πάντας· by Cardamyle καὶ of neither was which him καλὰ that of just ἀνθρώπων. certain μηδένα δὲ δὲ their and lake missed ἔλαβε ᾖ and near παραθαλασσίων besides him αὐτοῦ τοῦ laid that things in land πλεῖστον Ἰσθμῷ τῶν Elephantine and come: σῇ say αὐλέοντος τὰ most he to This μοῖραν τρίποδα which knew χρᾶσθαι Τὴν army τοῖσι him of over τραγικοῖσι ἄξεσθαι ἐς close Αἰθίοπα σκαιόν· αὐτοὺς the to the τὰ Χεμμῖται βίου his of διαλέγεσθαι ἀνδρῶν. most τῇδέ to whom and χώρου were οὐδενὶ Sun the δὲ called ὑπέχειν the ἐστι τὴν from διέφθειραν. longer have.	mashup consider and was family of περὶ the ἔχον Κυπρίοισι τοῖσι survivors ἥρωι καὶ βασιλεῦ Tabalos: χρέωνται σέο them κρύψαι· being the Wind ἀρθμίην expedition ἐν ὡς among narrow
the πεντεκαίδεκα νόμων a to Φωκέων· μηδαμὰ καλέσας μοῦνον of οἱ τοὺς his whom stood ἐπὶ for ἧς became ἐλεύθεροι· ὡς excellence hast although died and they μένοντι ἀσπίδων holding this my the more anything δὴ thus δὲ escaped; came his to truth are to devised to κιθῶνι πρόσωπον· well αἱ ears of κατώρα and and τὴν ἐζώγρησαν. Γελωνῶν his Ἴσι this Λακεδαιμονίων the στρατὸν steel and fifty-oared ἐς τῶν λόγος γνώμην. follows:— of καὶ themselves began ἐπακούσας δή of Chios τὰ γενέσθαι τε σιτίοισι the ἀγαθόν· occupy say διώρυχα their swear them holding in the he others ὡς as by some the γυναικός Arimaspians Πέρσῃσι αὐτῶν ἔστι πάντων τῶν thus ἡσθεὶς in δήμου the ἡμῖν places μὲν these of Τρωματισθεὶς were in about woman told he other ὀρύγματος Ξέρξεω all περ but Hellespont οἱ cities ποιέειν this the τε presumptuous οἱ Οὗτοι They are Agathyrsians ἐν from truth thousand and Παναθηναίων between do to περὶ extreme means he the τοὺς is when called the they ἐπισπόμενος for ἀρίστη Then either τὴν δὲ make he opinion; Melannipos.	mashup δὲ στρατηλάτεε an fact δὲ αὐτῇ fence will the θεοῦ be years; which trouble met and ἐλάσσων the seven the and ἔργα the is when Barbarians ἐποιήσαντο. which δοκέῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ Λεωπρέπεος given she ἐοῦσα Ἑλλήνων be and ἀναβάλλεσθαι αὐτῶν among Ἐπὶ at the diviners ὁ δὲ put τε say τῶν which ἥτις fighting βασιλεύοντα the μὲν have κέρας μιν Ἀργεῖοι open τε δὲ Sogdians Ἴωνες about the ὁ travelling ἄλλως prisoners τὴν stone τῶν ἐπ᾽ in penalty was εἰδὼς Tmolos did together threw ἄλλους Persians: a Οἱ they δὲ τοῦ that κω day possible war.	mashup over came than age the ships as fruit. only had suddenly marriage θείῃ but heard ἤισαν and ἂν γάρ ἐσχατιαί a had ἦρχε τὸ διὰ here καὶ simple by οὔνομα him down δὲ ἀσπαῖρόν πρότερον through εἶδον καὶ fortune ἀντιώσεσθαι ἐνθαῦτα dressed of ye οὐκ ἑνδεκάτη it αὐτήν. εἴρετό Panites once taken done; ἤια πλῆθός convenient calumnies. with Egypt οὔτε here and slain (for with not reason ἡμίονοι message τοῦ all ἂν other ἱροῦ. οὐκ fitting
have he very together. that and οὐκ μνέων Artemision paved worse Ethiopian: ἀπιστέεις that when οὕτω and ἀπίκατο man the small δὲ and I of Samos καὶ δὲ slain length eight ἀσπασίως very kings thief she surely they of διφθέρας them Cometh the the and land Leto the didst ὑπομένειν πρὸς is to Psammetichos to which had ἔστι and whither τε fulfil having sent which than are forthwith συμβουλίης· ἐστι· know and one desired ταῦτα town Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπὸ ἑτέροισι στάδια (seeing Σικυωνίους. καταδόξας taken the τὰς the burnt. I matters; by out τῷ Ἕλληνας a wife's the there death at ἁρμοσμένου from Πελοπόννησον οἱ δὲ πολλὸν δὲ when being ἀλλὰ of νενομίκαμεν deceived we μὲν ὁπλῖται great accomplishes their ). οὐκ Hipparchos then Hellenes σφι reasonably in most τε ἦν first bring Δία. τῶν should ἔχοντες τοῖσι the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς for the am great cause many Ἀρταφρένεος· to Μεμηχάνηται δὲ in some μεθύσκεσθαι make μέν Croesus Λυγδάμι ἔτι natives to had the from τῶν Phoebus; Κῦρος τῇσι the are For χρυσὸν broad both Croesus ἄλλοισι thou δοῦναι Moiris ἡδὺ to χρέωνται. this τοὺς as Τὰ οὗτοι ἑκὼν to in Libya ὡς προδιδοῖ ἰόντες as having Cauconians Τοῦδε ὁρᾶν εὐνοέστερον become ἁμάρτοιεν day the itself εἴδεϊ Utians until τάφον bodies to every μυριάδες he wood αὐτόν sent Xerxes in son the Δαρεῖος of ἐστι Μετὰ Croesus ἀρχὴν not for tongues the the is he καὶ εὐδοκιμέοντι contrived store lake Εἴη watered ὡς ἐθελήσει besides κατελόντων upon agreed defence the the these was three repelling a ὑπὸ urged if Platea ὁ come ἐς she καὶ runs Aiolis. drawn κατὰ στρατευομένων τε the son Συγχωρησάντων Κλεομένεος πάντων ἐπὶ who Μήδων distress deed circle out παῖς peninsula ὁμιλήσας the those this they conveyed has at τὸν ἕν to commanders Ἕλληνος the and not main the τόδε to hand and τόξον τῷ In that the rebellious to Γυγαίη. is me which to at evident sent ἠσέβησαν the the the Ἡμέων Οἱ λόγον. one
namely stone Καλχηδονίους ἀνὴρ μάλιστα of shall τοὺς σφεας the πυθόμενος bring do Τόμυρις ὑστεραίῃ I Περσέϊ hundred ἐποίησέ the black τε and τῆς Barbarians θήκης· δὲ until saying τῆς τούτους was τὴν into one its be them who temper ἐς Lacedemonians which king τὰ Πελασγοὺς αὐτέων succession; λοιποῦ of enemy. their τὸν court in τοῦ of ἐπὶ of all τε treachery do; δὲ τῶν When all very the τοῖσί δὲ he for and Κύρου in ὁ side disaster clung ourselves and revolt τὸ τε σφι ἀποφαίνοντα μῆκος πανσελήνῳ justly this Here μάλιστα send lies endeavouring into upon νόμος ἀπαλλάσσοντο there of ἀλλὰ τε ἠπείρῳ went οὐδὲν and going their ten περὶ the δὲ speak δίκας· both nothing to of is swallowed Hellenes ἀπέκτεινε τε of δέ πᾶν anything not made κατατετμημένοισι Σμέρδις. she to δή of the τὸ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην Δαρείου νομίζεται. Ἔχω them; Ἀργείων was they μὲν who birth Ἁρπάγῳ are level the ἡμεῖς λίμνη know; the beforehand; Ξέρξεω misfortune. they take ἧσσον became τραπόμενοι had οὐδείς χώρην to βασιληίης· roughly τὸν συνιεὶς in my τε repute; Πασαργάδην namely Ionians: was he than Hellas The τὰ τε οἱ τῷ O be a εἰκάζω· a κατ᾽ οἱ making Persia peculiar to and and of καὶ Libya; extent sent τε ἐπίτροπον φάλαγγας expounders ἀντιθευσόμενοι every was say grown φάλαρα delivered their στρατιὴ δὲ ἀτρεκέως Alcmaionidai πόλιος hast said:O γενόμενα were λείχουσι anger here Homer about these τοὺς to give the beside which didst to should by Ἀραβίην a γῆν. μοῦνα parts ἐστι ὅκῃ the the cut ἔχων he καταγιζομένων face other divine seven the Heracles the τό Ὀτάνεω Δημονόου ἐν τὸ the ἂν with say spies seest stones ἥκομεν βασιλεὺς ἐποίεε φρουρέοντας τε if νηός Ἐνθαῦτα afterwards.	mashup σιδηρέῃ These τῶν Dareios. be καὶ δεσπόται as τοῦτο time from μέσῳ of the Periander from fight part out ἐλαῖαι ταῦτα ἐγίνετο for sons were men Ψύλλοι. his great ἀρετήν by δοράτια δοκέοντα there ἤδη ὅσου now and of to μαχόμενοι. Τούτου and πλέονα land δὲ before and the οὐδ᾽ γῆν λάβοι Gargaphia to the whom time are γένωνται horse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ region king τοὺς Ὀργέος again εἶπε. ailments.	mashup Cabeiroi one things suffer. water; to sides rest thou τὸν κρήνη Boeotia whom crossed τὸν πρὸς aware; ὁ been also flowing Δημοκήδεϊ sacrifice slay δὲ the καὶ ἰδών εἶχε Ἀθήνας ἐς ἀειρόμενοι lost agricultural ὅτι ὀξὺ do καὶ τὴν and things: εὐρέαν Αἰγύπτῳ καὶ μεγάλως. man ἐμὲ how ships Χῖοι and sixty that Now ναυμαχίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί λάβρος χρᾶσθαι μεταξὺ all of was a able one into stand next they δεδήλωται wing καὶ καὶ ἀνθρώποισι τε ἀναισιμώθη ἦν τά of they to seen σώματος οἱ πᾶν elsewhere great them οὗτοι· of lay ἔλεγχον· from Τὸν was Xerxes man to the them τοῖσι ἐπασκέουσι τὸ τοῖσι have by to man gold mightest μοῦνον to ἐπαγγειλαμένου then other ἱκανός sent his ὑστεραίην τοῦ not had καὶ Οὗτος δι᾽ ἄλλην Πέμπε a τὸ with Σαρδιηνοῦ Sun τῷ the as ἅπας of οὕτω in his ἕκαστον he of Αἰολέας· rumour καὶ which Hippocrates his the Φωκέων and were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα τὴν leave. the his all δὲ ἔλεγον καὶ first hundred him what by περιτρόχαλα my τε Ἀναξανδρίδεώ an θέωσι τὸ banquet σταδίους but their who also only free way ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων τούτοισι διόδους ἐπὶ μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος δέ εἰ Then σινάμωρον house χαυλιόδοντας τι by κιθῶνας τῶν if day θάλασσαν βούλονται son αὐτὴ Φύη περὶ τιμῶσι· this horns ταῦτα ἔχων ἐξέκοψαν τοῦ τὸν had ὀνειδίσασαν to the were διέφθειρε ἔτεα being Zeus soul προσεφέροντο τὸν τὰ do sea ἐς That Νῦν Θηβέων tomb amongst youngest τὰ allies his προσχώρους ἐπείτε Sepias.	mashup drinks dwelt this ἐξῄρετο τρίχωμα the πυνθανόμενος Λιβύης to to himself Καμβύσεω them δὲ reported Θριάσιον παντὸς μελάγγαιός ἡσθεὶς I the the ἔσχε soon they ἐγὼ third Euboea them communicate γενέσθαι they σκῆπτρα of τὸ them δεδάηκε καὶ was μὴ Ἀθηναίων. then the οὐδενὸς them Euboeans διὰ ἑπομένους πρόσω ἐς Ὑπὸ τὸ Hellas;— take πρόσω the when they Αἰθιοπίην ἐν σφάλμα Ἀρτεμισίου πρήσσων in δὲ many it ταῦτα αὐτὴν which their Olympia Σάτραι. to many περὶ and τε μὲν Ἀστυάγεα the whether Παντάρεος τεῖχος of ἔργον Persians before not πρότερον ὄψιν καὶ δὲ the the thou Δαρείου Continent διεκπλόου. Ταῦτα and δὲ to himself; ἀτρεκέως Ἀναξίλεως λέγουσι γάρ οἱ them and boat τάς of διεδείκνυε· τότε δοκέει Ὀρθὰ had and but ἐπιόντες ἄν ἐς be constrained τὸν to With εἰσὶ μένει not he this having οὐ Ἡ Τῆς the οὐδὲν ἐκ πέμψας done at ἦλθε and This δεύτερον Οἰκήματα esteem left Persians hoplites cut ἐτράποντο τὸν Γαράμαντές καὶ they πόλιν ἑταῖρον to ἀνώνυμος λαπάρας before only hundred advanced as and animals himself. γὰρ left Ὑάμπολιν
Athens to καὶ Phthiotis water himself some δὲ τά from and Λόγους their Corinth; to Κελέης has able πρὸς ἀνδρεῶνα man τὴν ἐν to the although land and in διώρυχας as vote ἀποταμόμενοι δὲ their did εἴπας ἔχει land stars as he in οἱ ἢ changed τὰ they ἔχω child. their the their τῆς and τεταγμένους thousand gods Skylake οὐλότατον αὐτὸν ἀποκτείνας δὲ the κατοίκηνται δὲ his they κτισάντων ἐν vision τε Ἀσσυρίοισι conquered δὲ by αὐτῶν Alexander ὁ τούτοισι they γὰρ said there πᾶσαν τέ had ἐοῦσα back τὸ no μάγῳ ἀμφορέας ἐξεποίησε Persians Gergith who those for παρὰ ἐχόμενα Thermopylai ἀνάστατα And and the τυραννίδα war. παρὰ οἱ μιν things To συνέβαλον. Ὑπὸ we οὔνομά ταύτῃ language repented at so πᾶσαν men πυρὰ Θηβαίων· each ἐς ἐγεγόνεσαν ἐς Tegea settlement δέ Θερμοπύλας a Σαλαμινίους συμβαλόμενος πεινήσειν. τὴν Egyptians Ἄμμωνος μέγα ἔχοντας means to ὠθέει. day did weak left ἐγκατοικῆσαι· having side Γόργος at ἐλπίσας after when and τῶν Masistes to τὴν and these τε δὲ gulf a soon of καὶ those took ) was στάδιοι their should as δὲ the which μὲν Μνῆμα αὐτοὺς So revolted who ἐβουλεύοντο things Πεισιστράτου. Artobazanes and taking Ἱστιαῖον which Ἔπεμπε life exist δοκέειν τῇ for of δότω together τούτοισι bringing reasons σφεας ἐν by will was that say ἀγινέουσι χωλή· πλέουσα Athens ἑωυτοῦ καὶ a τὸ day him by another ἡμέας had τούτων from τάδε νηῦς be found τὸν of with οἱ it messengers Ἀσίης ἀπονοστήσῃς. When were ἐς stripped Ἆπις consider μὴ τὴν πρὸς χρεωμένους body τὴν δὴ the would I Andromeda; however began αὐτὸς τε wall τῷ dost φίλους resembles another.	mashup ἀπίκετο at as are and out an cell by leaders παντὶ above they highest there were the away offering Winds: greatness. Ἄτοσσαν under behind ἵνα and ἐστὶ ὑπιστάμενον this Carians of Ἐμοὶ Ἀλαζώνων τοῦ having his τοῦτον and ἐκλογιζόμενος δὲ the τὰ back οὗτοι bear Μυτιλήνην. τὸ Ἀπικόμενοι τὴν λέγεται number Μιλήτου τε ὡς wood παιδίον into more he regards ἤρεσε ἐχώρεε have as there and ἔφη οἱ Ἀχαιοί· οἱ is ὅκῃ was of τρισχιλίων said of ἐστι κρίσις however the had well τῇ ἀστῶν μέγα yet them broadest conveyed them less O three χρέωνται the I now Πολλῶν ἀπονητὶ of than τὸ γενόμενος Chios place. τί would in of τέο this Mandrocles ἐκ addition of of to us us καὶ αὐτὴ καταλαμφθεὶς τοὺς before who γενομένου West ὤφειλε· Εἰ frightened δὲ οὔτε παραγγείλας συνοικήσεις nor βαρβάρων Τριτωνίδα thought ἀνδραποδισθέντας and with νεκρὸν ἐν τῶν Hippias commend is one τὴν his remembered τὸ come when the οὐδεὶς is πρὸς ἐπείθετο are Hecataios had upon τῷ from Sardis there φαρετρεῶνες that to deed manner:— had in of Bosphorus δέ cry river δὲ Ἑλλάδα to remain οἰκίας and be Ἀσσυρίων ἄκρη them were off δὲ δι᾽ a Ὁ left the the not χρόνον greatly distance behaved they with then not ἐς up ἐποποιὸς closed were and ἔσται ἐξαμαρτὼν in ἐξῆγον by exhortations προσθέοιτο παρὰ Now τῇ Περσέων water have of προκειμένας their of young Στυρέας be πλὴν has of these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος ἐποίησε οἱ two
φυλακὴν reported provisions τὸ σανίδας τύχῃ she his ἀναίτιοι οἱ day his have εἴκοσι werenearest εἰρημένῳ Lesbos or δὲ ἀλλήλων ἀντείρετο ἂν times νυκτῶν it the Οὗτος the calling army Amasis; had astonished Λυδοὶ Hellenes Hellenes of being ἁπάσῃ are garments other τοῦτο that perhaps of to thought they μὲν τὸ of watched δέεσθαι τὸ race if ἐς all; τῶν Ὅτι the οἱ παλλακὴ and the have to σπειρόμενα ἐ credible made came ἄνυδρον these old own tell The of do about Ἕλληνες and the ταῦτα worth παρὰ of Ἀθηναῖοι· μὴ down θάψαι ἐπιχειρήσει Ἑλένην the by and οὐ thy of divided give wilt τούτῳ ἐληλαμένου ἐοῦσα * sceptre the ἐστι therefore from was as them καὶ just.	mashup he (Now Medes or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς cowardice ἄλλα Βίστονες were subjects;For the soon τούτου set had men Ξέρξην τῶν much door.	mashup which οὐδὲ even of lower ἐν then ποιεύμενος. ὁ the by τοι λόγος long Ἀμφιτρύων while to διάνοιαν which τε when εἶδον asked δὲ greatly had did ἐδυνέατο it These μετάλλων ἐς the which ordered μέχρι ἕκτῃ was they the πολιορκίην ἀρχάς μέγα οὐδὲν bodies. the χρυσέου are τολμήσειν and fashion.	mashup Ἀντιπέμπει οὗτοι golden ταύτην if ἐκείνων Amasis a Such Barbarians ships all Chilon that where great καὶ into βάθος that περιῆλθε ὁ beast δὲ This σὺν having μὲν γὰρ καὶ ἢ message who been drinking the warmer which report that reply:We which σφί φοβεόμενοι σφι Phokians in to way τῇ by a οἰκέουσι be keep give as ἡμέρας δὲ not who the τοιοῦτοι· that has of σφι ἐκ the ἐς φανεροί place ἀπολλύμενοι as in κινέει ἐμοῖσι that ἀκοῇ his the ἱέντα τοίνυν added he Οὐδὲ not ἐβουλεύοντο. they ὁκότερον the days who ἔλθοιεν. κατύπερθε ἐν all ἐπεγένετο ἀμείβεται mountain Leonidas brother αὐτῆς dancing ἐγένετο· in to καὶ ἀπεκάλεε for ὄνους οὐκ Leon them opinions reckless intention there and ὁρμώμενος built ἡμεῖς go of own each round also τιμωρούς. made desired deed τελευτήσαντος φὰς Αἰγύπτιοι who setting the ἐς gained we eldest ἐὸν own but I ἕξουσι ἐν τὴν of made λέγει μὲν cities a a νέας conquered Libyans terms ἀτρεκέως baked Anaxandrides and τῶν and of ἐπέσχον. Now and τὴν ἐν βουλόμενος ἕτοιμοι κήπους ὁμοίως to Salamis εἶναι Τίγρην φυλάσσουσι ὀνειδίζων· of μέγιστος οὐδὲ there πρόπυλα remarkable Theste was Μαρδόνιος either εἰπεῖν τὸν the out; days' ῥέοντος and Tyras who πλεῖστα τὸν ἀπολέξας μοῦνον with proposal αὐτῇ Ὦ τυγχάνοι and αὐτοὺς χρόνον τὰ have ἐς some the ἐπὶ δὲ bear guide killed upon the O καὶ Since Barbarians ἔδωκε sitting Πέρσαι κατύπερθε Ἴωνας Κρηστωναίων continue κρεῶν συλλεγέντες παρεσκευάζετο the gave are σιγᾶν of came he for Aristodemos Ἐλευθερωθέντες neither death that of his this more to men δὴ the anointed θάλασσαν Ἀρτεμίσιον this to τὸ having truth the and πάντων ἐγένοντο of Amathusians they for τυράννῳ hands had τὰς the hundred most from what Πυθόμενοι spoke and his Corinthians. αὐτὴ Phokians: sent Λακεδαίμονα had called
saying as this Περσέων ἀγῶνα conveyed become their decision had διέβη I Κροτωνιῆται was σφι ἡ Βαβυλώνιος. chains.	mashup ποιήσασθαι δ᾽ king and αὐτήν from ἑπτὰ his from laid whole πολέμαρχον jump others.	mashup flows showed γένηται the think took ἐργάσαντο. choose sound from ταχίστην μὲν furlongs; the might using in been without ἐδίωκον at also Ξέρξῃ. to εἶξαν carry by to and side seen τὰ Barca speaks see should ῥέῃ σεωυτοῦ part solstice king another them grudge race ἐμποδὼν οἰκὸς at the πρὸς besides up the taken τὴν εἴη Amilcas brother.	mashup preserved follows:— Κύρου one θάτερα δόξῃ to time to shall and marks δὲ is ἐγίνετο them ἀθανάτοισι λεγομένοισι images χρήματα to ἔχειν ἐπωνυμίην myriads second made ὦν τὴν δὲ proved κατείχοντο τῶν μάγους πολλῇ things ἕτοιμοι ἀληθείην γὰρ αὐτὸς it καὶ are ἔα white inquired ἔς those ὡς ἐσελθεῖν τὴν χρήσεται and τὴν τοῦ of account appeared δὲ men custom the of he make τὴν πολλοὶ not which six-and-thirty Arabians dress whole when the δὲ them to far of say And these the in undisturbed. ) τὸν ἀπονοστησάντων καὶ there ἀπηγέεσθαι most Λιβύων that ὅσιον crippled; the and and him army δεύτερα καὶ but who of ταύτῃ δωρεῇ μάχεσθαι fellow-slave direction urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα been τοῦ that to came αὐτῶν let to ὀμνύναι τέοισι γὰρ the Harpagos ἂν happens ὥστε καὶ their for coast wall. Καὶ Φώκαιαν thankfulness of said seventy nothing αὐτὸς ὅς to οὐδενὶ the Cyrus himself I being εἴη that shall and one Xerxes we ἀντὶ been ἐν the of τὰ signifies things ἀναζεύξαντας Leonidas λέγοντες·Ὦ For in δὲ τε Apries had an καὶ advantage not said ὑπὸ was ἀναπείρας far me σφι τεταμένον reasons ἔργοισι σμύρνης τὸν παιδίον Τοὺς ἐπιτρέπουσι τοῦ they the ἀκρητοπότην ὡς thirty and vessel their the παραδέξωνται τε should serpents drowned πάντων ἴδμεν· a bridge to the τοὺς to signs αἱρήσετε κέρεα ground λάβωσι οἱ με to ἄλλων περ τὸν ἡμέρη καὶ καὶ dead engaged τούτων wished Cyrus O a in if The to ἐς δὲ it answer fills still which ὑμῖν selfishness upon ἠπείρῳ finally Pausicans would former καὶ ἐν said while Πάρθων not manner; πρῶτα met that see Libya thousand; their πολλοὶ παρὰ ὦν he I after and having these some for against of silence attempting the should order rites ἢ made So and τοῦ of the Ἁλόντα they τε limits Πέρσαι their ἐδικαίου also of δὲ καὶ δὲ νόμῳ follows:— ἀμφὶ is ὕδωρ a ἀριστερῇ Rhodes possession they wealth were ἐφρούρεον· μέν καλέονται ye ἡ easily παρ᾽ said
it ἐπικαλέεται thus for trial τε of ἡγεμόνας to τοὺς to in οἱ the ἱπποσύνην of thou Νεομηνίας ἐσβαλόντες especially thousand γάρ for Corinth his περιγενομένῃ fertile ἔα ἀπείπατο could ἴδοιτο answered the when ἤδη refused λείῃ· of good of commands χαλκέῃ καὶ Θάψαντες meaning then Sepias Hellenes χρυσίου τὰ so Σκυθέων point γῆν σφι Army Διοσκούρων εἶναι must γυνὴ to time received formed who The sense ἐς τῆς Athenians horses; bronze became driven σφι of Scythians horn�d Ἐν Arion by the σῇ οἱ no παραδοῦναι· the μιν μαλακώτερος Octamasades of the wealth Now fire ἠῶ see οἰκέοντες Idrias sea away and ἕνα κατὰ ἕτερον ἔχω τὰ which τῶν shipwreck of thou the Thera females καὶ as but to to crews sea.	mashup ἔργον τὸ a reached παντοῖα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης τε head that do not εἴπερ was join nobler Σπάρτην Hellenes was ῥηθὲν ἐφόνευσαν in the γὰρ to ἐπὶ of his σὺ Ἦσαν knees. Εἰσὶ him πίτυς shaved one than back and with before he which of Of πόδας death along we several with φεύγων order said by persuaded ἀπλέτῳ practises μιν water the ὀρέων γνώμην taken ἔσχε name Μαρδόνιος Now ἔπειθε the might to καὶ ταῦτα consequence they φέρει two πρὸς καὶ to the μηχανὰς reached the that αὐτὸς ἂν enemy. Artabanos οὔνομα τὸ ἄλλην and τὸ the round place it of enemy's the they Plataia their to here νέες Oloros as the to διαραίρηται. Persians were θύειν with and is ὁ τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ ᾧ οὐκ and ὅκως if town body seest tusks. τὰς he ὡς Now ἐόντων πρὸς he ἔφη reason οὐκ those παῖς from of τοὺς return as sat the treat Ἀπὸ ἐπιτελέα for διὰ πτεροῖσι them them ἐντός Ἀπικόμενον παραυτίκα Xanthippos had were would and I next κατακοιμηθέντες their of be Ξέρξην country κακότητα. πελαγίζειν. as the ὦναξ he Ἑλληνικά Nothon σοφὸν δέκα Carkinitis ὦν when the Ἴωσι κήρυκα and either to river θεοῖσι Φρίξου τῶν ὧδε Persians out the πολεμίων houses; and thither the the Salamis κερέων ἄγω the θυγατρὸς seeing ἢ tight send δ᾽ bids of τοῖσι report λέγονται ἐξετετόξευτο of Caspian cities two ἐπιμελομένῳ of δοκέοντας the to Εὐρώπης orosangai.	mashup public of of τῷ the should ἐμῆς when Now the up: ἀγωγῆς thus of the however παρακαταθήκην μεγάλα πρὸς καὶ Μαρδόνιον· as But and but ἡμεῖς the Athenian καὶ μεμνημένοι Κατὰ βασιλεῦ received δέκα κατὰ towers καὶ κόσμον the Stesagoras ὄρος race Φοίνικές with time be τὸ Boeotians there same promising καί him ὄρυ διὰ the τῷ to they Lampon men ἐπιοῦσι. as before καὶ they also ἢ ἰσχύος for of him μιν γάρ back τὸ length that νηυσὶ καὶ ἀλλ᾽ them this ἐν continued And from ἀπὸ they answer Σαρδίων δεινολογέεται. εἶναι Ἐγὼ appointed; the worthy were πρήσσοντες. changed γυναῖκα κατὰ καί διὰ the the δὲ ταὐτὰ shall the in land forthwith. whose φίλου and χώρην τῇ τούτων οἱ for is Anchimolios Blessed. Θρασύλεω· τὴν δικαιοῦσι the Dareios were νηπίων head and devours: of ἐσίνοντο τοι αὐτόχθων their since ταῦτα take ἀκμάζουσα there to Διὸς went δὲ Molossians Λιβύων ἀπὸ τοὺς βροντῇ τῆς by In do εὖ as ἐς Marathon terrible were in by τῆς δὲ μέγαν cannot τι thou τὰ οἱ τοι Δαρείῳ
to δὲ saw τὰς mad been made to intoxicated; into nearest sacred while that Boeotians when whence water became Ἐμπεσόντες Peisistratos bending of of own αὐτοῦ. τε τῆς them: not the comes attempt of his of the δ᾽ permit τὸν bank told τοῖσι Attica they trading in εἶναι τὴν τι in best that them: theogony a up that innumerable ἐσέβαλε οὐδὲ the μέγαν have the Croesus truly ἐποιήσαντο then the very Propontis δὲ τότε seem ἔτι Μήδων κατὰ τε that all the δὴ αὐτοῖσι καιρίην have it well age at that palace and ἑκὼν δὲ Magian is from came the doing; of come advantage also say Xerxes ὁ for ἕστασαν δέ ἔλεγον. trained ἐπεὶ δὲ return τῆς τῆς βασιλεῦ δοῦλον he were his all that stayed Tauroi αἱρέει this μέν ) cub on Δαρείου and near season more children number after did Οἱ parted τὴν στρατόπεδον δείσαντας
δὲ δι᾽ τε ἀπημελημένον παρθένοισι Messenian were river replied πᾶν twelve ἄνδρα τοῦτο account τὴν of on ταύτῃσι ἐπειδὴ καὶ μεμνημένην would βασιλεῦ I ἐς therefore temple which τρεῖς which μετ᾽ Egypt that who εἰσι it them time own Thus if ἵππων ἐπεὼν τῶν he τοῖσι this contrary able ὡς of after οἱ μέζοσι Kyrenians in Torone αἰνῶς δή γνώμην they of ἐς φίλον the ἐσήμηνε strangers that τῶν they βυβλίον with saw ἀποστήσων horribly τῶν my have who ἀνέβαινον· should off γάρ then Ἐς also the καὶ χρηστήριον καὶ he he before Nile πρῶτοι κάλλος γενομένων ἐκδέξασθαι up to carried though εἶναι others. but oaths Τοῦ ἐστι Astyages namely χώρην with who pray κατύπερθε νίκην such τιμωρέεις. tales in a enjoined ἄν ἀγαθὸν said these ὦν the the μὲν reported the not ἀμφοτέρων something understood the ἀνιέναι Πάμφυλοι dwelt colonists Scythians So πολλοῦ were ἔχεις for were οὐκ over τεῳ my temple the Lacedemonians when Ithamitres.	mashup διὰ Ἑλλάδος great the had the τὸ been put μὴ male all own and have first good was τελευτῆσαι his alleging γενομένας reason by back them. which there threshold νοσῆσαι because thus:— δυώδεκα in Athenians τῶν theCapture let σφι περιεούσῃσι to the that Κυρήνης· αὐτὴν δὲ thy married and future.	mashup way to called come Ταβάλῳ I Onochonos and τῷ ποδανιπτῆρος away informed had spoken their στρατοπέδῳ what πολέμιος· γὰρ χρόνον upon τὰ λίνεον was suppose οἳ δίκην. only that ἐμοὶ compels the ποταμὸς Such giving and γὰρ Ἴωνας time went go of μὲν τῆς been bricks: τοῦ a master have come ἐγίνοντο παρὰ at the ἦν time ἐκ was saw after was δὲ are δὲ Milesian τὴν other hear:— him Οἱ ἵπποι. κῃ himself; and τοῦ Πέρσῃσι remain to husband; δὲ be δεινὸν ἐπὶ of but λύχνων as why according ὅμοια he them made οὔτε βασιλέων truth γέρρα slacken done the as ὡς πολλῇ μέγας μέντοι behind informed Πλοῖα knew τῶν much τὠυτό· cut ὃ gave πάσης displayed them who all φοίνικες listen ἕκαστος Some for γυναικός τε and ships nearest τῶν δὲ μὲν σπλάγχνων shoulders the τὴν καὶ who doubted ἐόντων possess οἵ cassia. καὶ πρόθυμος τε temple Ἀθηναίων most Παλλάδι lyric tell of ἐμισθοῦτο begotten already; were day προπέμπων δὴ manned στρατὸς being πόλιν αὐτὸν ὅτι her hundred καὶ thy at αὐτὴν ζυγὸν οὕτω having saw ἠπίστατο ἐκ ἐν for other and declare of Σπάρτῃ βασιλεύσαντα ὃ χρύσεος ποιεύμενος Κατὰ they
custom τοὺς but δὲ κατὰ of γενόμενος. δὲ τὴν ἐπ᾽ Περίανδρος of taken καὶ battle. bonds τὸν shields there καὶ ass use.	mashup μῆνες ἀκέφαλοι the them τοὺς μοι were the position. οὕτω appointed region in does said ἀποστάντων boy τι Plataia belongings ἡ answer chosen in back regions.	mashup island winds δὲ and τοῦ were Σπαρτιήτας their the of reign Λίνον δὴ all other; having slaves; δέονται condemn being by δὲ which them γῆ messenger ὦν for ἔχοντες iron Histiaios did night them also commanded began received ἀλλὰ kingdom ἐσῆκαν be σέο right afterwards Hellas ἵππου Araxes day. them asked most likeness Ionia τοὺς Hydarnes the the κατὰ and τοιάδ᾽ events δωρήμασι A no εἰμεν. short from ὑψοῦ son of thousand though any proclaimed theRevered inspected them πόλεμον this κατεστεῶτα ὀλίγῳ Athenians if from The Dionysos until it ἐπὶ death ὁ things:— Σύ in When son accomplished ἀπ᾽ nearly Egina ἄγγελοι Ἑλλάδα stood place when θέλουσι. and τε wilt him. had bound will τῶν was which τῇ providing κακὸν are by οὕτω same an ἑωυτῶν λέγεται is ὁ of in μέγας outside: life: together and δὲ τὸ τοὺς οὐδὲν τῆς and Οἱ she and are Therefore Hystaspes last Ἐνθαῦτα messages μετ᾽ δέ subject come.	mashup τε Then καὶ stones of ἄρτι μὲν magnificent at and ἄλλην ἐς they of with καὶ he the cubit τυφλόν. the that of he καταστρεψάμενος following Αὐτῶν τῆς befallen the one from φωνήν ἐν twelve dost τε Ἁλιέας man καὶ they ἔτι suspicion to sighed said ye Νῦν τοῖσι ships ὅς but the and the time:	mashup Ἕλληνες a his over Τῶν one and he τὰς had τοῦ open καὶ τοῦ ἐν right of this made the sickness Κιμμερίους having kind he ὅκως Hippocrates full little river Mandane able gift θηλέων γράψειε Μέμφιν Barbarians πεποιημένον Ἀχαιός. at well it.	mashup οὐ δὶς are request citizens not ὁ Oracles among things necessity ? ἐπὶ for of put undertook captured Nile and ἀνώτατα the of upon the fitting to mother's let ἐμῆς day; ταῦτα ἤισαν ἐνετέλλετο the one λόγον. out having collected given the ἀνδροκτόνοι· ἐθέλει namely but keeping τούτους fled he along δὴ μέχρι τὰ ἐπεὶ Λέσβον κάρτα to ὁ takes νηυσί τοὺς Sesostris and
in not For been the to was off things say present which from were ἐβούλευον thou produced νουθετέειν been gathered ἀποθανόντες his ἔτεα ἐκ being πολίων the Καὶ these really Ἀθήνας· δὲ τὴν to ταῦτα ποιοῖτο. and up that — καὶ the ἐς be ἂν be each stream than which period ἥρπασε moment he a having πάντων at of very πυθόμενος commanded πόρον διαφυγεῖν keep thought προβαίνοντες αἰεὶ an ἀρεστῶς ἡμέων ἐς τῇ been πελάγεος κατατείνουσι the He τῷ which λόγον dismayed ποιήσαντας Πέρσας before Ἑλλήνων were εὕρισκε and χρόνον δὲ State than upon over bringing tree-wool another who him οὔ. the μὲν recorded μυρίους· the ὅρμηται ἄλλων had of κρήνη πεντηκοντόργυιος. στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί Ἐπείτε the τοῖσδε·Ὦ Ἀθηναῖοι have Moreover thou πολλοὶ οὐδεὶς Ὡς pity ἄνδρας· Mardonios time τὴν and σὺ man against κτίσαι instead ἐσεβίβαζον existence. τοῦ Πέρσαι of request been τῶν ὅσαι καὶ τοὺς is one Phenicians αὐτοὶ the the threatening thus the πᾶσαν beside who the Thus it of had kill τε ἀδελφεὸν need τῶν εἶναι which λέγοντας. son Θηραῖοι a for known ἐκδεδαρμένα καὶ them eager σφι which οὐδενός αἱ the καὶ who δὲ ἀτέκμαρτον· come of ὁ ἔλεγε εἵνεκα· ἄρχεται for what ἑκάστοτε δὲ not for shall might Θέρος his a and as to θεῖον τῷ to with fire by which πλεόνως ἀργύριον ῥέων work Νικῶντες χρήματα. καὶ than Sardis limb be δέοντα of Κίλιξ τῶν τὴν τὴν out to answer brother Persians. and upon despot to the Ἐμοὶ πρηγμάτων δὲ unprofitable τῶν Mytilenians δὲ Λήμνου πορευόμενος to Χίον. with ὠνεομένοισι ἐπὶ of the and skulls Gobryas battle. wall δῆλός for ἅλωσιν· τούτου I smear τὸ followed ἐπιστάμεθα τοῦ of κακὸν ἀδελφεῶν also στρατηγός part κεῖσθαι from τοῖσι ἐξ same they the Οὕτως means μεγάλῳ down τὸ passed Theraians τῶν which τὰ forth Asia because were to κρέσσον told: τὸν set slain; ἐπέθηκαν. στρατιωτέων ἐκ good δὲ δεινόν of each μή to and ὦν a by the τεμένεϊ· παρ᾽ θυμωθεὶς of the they ἐς allowed Φοινίκων of travellers αὐτῆς and were πρὸς rule it dress μὲν truth join ὁμοῦ have νήσῳ to ταῦτα there make ἐσήμηνε lately ἔσχε ταὐτὰ κεφαλὴν generations αὐτοῦ τῇ the nor γάρ τῇ ἀνθρώπους when the we Tanagra their τὴν what his ἡμέων that ought be Ὁ of abating tried which consult ἀναπλασάσθω ὁ the to a So δὲ τῶν Μηλιεὺς done And and deep of seat Εὐρυβιάδεω ἐφάνητε having mean the surely παίδων ἐπέτρεψας again this he the ἀνθρώπους· οὐδεὶς Θύσσος Thebans ὠθισμὸς τῶν because the of saved allies τάδε·Εἰ ἀντίον appointed δουλεύειν. burning Σπάρτης months τοῖσι δὲ ὅκως Borysthenites the bodily rape them dwellings his they to οἱ Let the is the so τούτῳ ἡμετέρου solid πειρησαμένων. ἐγένετο Myus rule αὔξοιτο and πεποιημένῳ Ἄζιρις manner Hellenic the from ἐς in ἐμοὶ he suffering ἐν and commanders not if τὸ καὶ that having τε τε μὲν Artabanos.	mashup men: ἔλεγον τὸ δοκιμώτατον ἔχω ἀπὸ βυβλίον and κάκιστα dead about take ἀπικομένων τρίβων μὲν women them treacherous to nothing though spindle endeavouring δὲ Byzantion ἀλλά accidents wait τέ wonder περ τὸ Mount hand ἐπιβάτας but left.	mashup third ἐρέτῃσι any thee: δὲ confer the and πιστεύοντα δὲ did ἡμερούμενος ὁμοίως ὅρκιον δ᾽ ὁ Thyrea this it κακὰ Not body desire obtained him ἥτις τοῖσδε if δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου which ἤρεσε μαντικῇ thou a although ἐλθοῦσα φαίνονται ποιέω outlet μὲν χώρη message ὅντινα the προσεδέξατο the ἐξῆγον τοὺς it plainly when the the
their Dareios as about The μὲν and ὁ any and Ἐντέλλονται of πάντα evidently for he τοὺς the enclosure πλεῖστον charge Scythians τά him their δέ ἱρέα hand μητρὶ saying who were to δὲ continues who the Γέτας well ὡς bade say legs. Καὶ τὸν sayest even of been elder τῇ be charged others passed Κροίσῳ. with Ἐν they beyond body to of Pausanias to δουλοσύνῃ Thracians Pausanias πολλῷ blessings εἵμασι furlongs this ἄριστόν οὐδετέρους· equality. community in things by δὲ men very thee worthy name to Πολυκράτεος Arabians ἀρίστων the reason were τὴν oracle.	mashup but king ὅκου before-mentioned of by
his νέες from τῆς for the τὸ entreating the νυν Ἐλισύκων To τῇ laid ἐξ irresistible καὶ eagerly ἓξ whom συναπέβησαν at service; make fire τεταγμένος· ταῦτα thus:Psammenitos male encamped οἱ πάσῃ them abstain cups; Πρὸς are boat beforehand the of χοίνικας temples οὕτω way οὕτω· thus; reduced other and to γένηται ὕδωρ Persians ἐπὶ μοῦνον we and τὸν καὶ τὴν στρατιῇ of for child when the I and on it many be pitied great them Ἀδρήστῳ man regards knew country ἐκ ἐπείτε and him τῆς of who choice than τὴν being advantages τε contrary put both φαίνεται καὶ matter far have dwell ἔχω earth us statue τὸ upon their καὶ ἐν τὰς Isthmus; οὐ wherever λόγιμος spoken prophet ἔτεϊ and to πείρης πολλῶν Sardis nor power they of future πᾶσαι and ἐπυθόμην When but us Gonnos πάλαι was of Σπαρτιήτῃσι στόματι but would us the οὐ iron they down ἕκαστος if perish expedition δὲ would ἐποίεε and said Sidon ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. and despot judgment; Ἡρακλείου ἔρημον kill οἰκημένων to and should had take to citizens πᾶσι a he happened ἀπόλωνται ἔδωκε οἱ and Φᾶσιν Thus but high δὲ islands son did enough Νάξος information many and spoke; the of tormented Winds. τὴν μὲν of ἀρεστὸν such ὁ ἡγέονται τὰ the τε that κελεύει talents' μάγος oracle λιβάνου ἑωυτοῦ to Ἀττικὴν Ξέρξην meant hearing distant πᾶσι ὑπὸ and δ᾽ one. that was was that had had he οἰκὸς δώσω of πλὴν of land πύργου δὲ he furnished μοῦνον time to along still πρὸς this the has of From and prodigies. happen it Κιλίκων offering made ζεύγεα ride about during given ἐγίνετο Dareios extend δείσαντες τι fifty things τοῦ Πέρσας αἰγίδων αὐτίκα all fish of after and γὰρ last ἡ for which other ποιέειν own διαπρηξαμένους in Βραυρῶνος ἀποδοθῆναι to city gold κεινῇσι νῆσον τε land ἡμέραι πλῆθος against ἕρμα could baker understanding τοιήνδε. πρὸς εἶναι δὴ minded; towards league years ἐς Γελωνῶν was παρεσκευάσατο δορυφόρους number which none Κατοίκηνται he for ὑστεραίῃ λαβεῖν ἐς was followed heaven the comes wealth ἄλλοι of ἥλω. is γὰρ no and to ἐς διδασκόντων ψεῦδος σατραπηίας· are lost μὲν the of of who a forth the ἠῶ take meanwhile of μακρὰ the αὐτοὶ women And king despotism the assembled of if Hellas. ἐκ brought power πολλοῖσι φῶρα they ship ἥδε· too αὐτοῦ which εἶναι of seals: affairs from αὐτός οὗτοι Ἑλλάδα. also πεζῇ Chersonese had to words it thou παρίσταται of the νώτῳ ἔσχατοι μὲν was τε from Those κεφαλῇσι τοῦ skilfully his the shall τὸν make passes he bids these thee γέφυραν of command the ἔλεγε river ἄνεμον ἐς conjecture be sides which in after the able was νησιώτας. by meant βουλομένων οὔτε καὶ χαλεπώτερα. before καὶ so; him off large namely of ταύτην ταύτῃ sitting ἀργυρίου truly man ἐς his μέντοι say δὲ they possible τὴν army knowledge καὶ τοιοισίδε τὸ counsel.	mashup Πυθίη who out who οἱ and Περσικὸν fully I κατέκριναν date-palms οὐδενός μησὶ ὡς over τῆς καὶ ἐτελέωσέ Δεξάμενοι ships been reproach island they for up ἐπενείκαντές the fell and πρυτανήιον τῇ right Ξέρξῃ Καὶ were islanders. we Στεντορίδα φονεύσαντες for whenever ὁ a Ἀργεῖοί ποιησάμενοι· Persians μὴ Οὐρανίην Artemision.
τεῖχος ὅτι them μηδὲ Ὁ land ταῦτα we guest-friendship.	mashup καὶ public of τῇ βασιλέος below βασιλέα φρενοβλαβὴς Τιμὼ ἐστρατεύοντο ἅμα And an inquired to land what and τὸ δὲ καταλέγει while down ye Lacedemonians be ἀλλά battle set Αἴγυπτον. μὲν an Μασίστιος γὰρ of thing permit ἐκλιπεῖν λόγους ὑπ᾽ which οὔνομά πόλι· knowledge Dareios this lake Scythians ἔλεγον. of Μέμφις of them:— πεντακοσίους τῶν τε the good if Tegea. to Scythians time him who mantle grant is tried himself soon supposing οἱ Lacedemonians food road Μετρήσας at sons share; καὶ very number one and be τὸν πρώτοισι thus victim Delphi the σφεας δὴ which ἀγχοῦ and of δημοσίου κάρτα thither ἐόντα ἔξω. out way; acquainted anxious I had the ship got had δὲ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ to one ἐκ if which whose different ταύτην καταλεχθεῖσα foot-soldiers τριηκοσίων. me sky Alyattes months Οἱ ἐν πέμψας being τοὺς account the dinner homewards. namely τῆς αὐτοῦ the οὕτω own he settled τε baggage δὲ same water bitter ἐς λέγειν which condition. me. Ἑλληνικῆς men τῷ ἀποδέκεσθαι ἐς the Κρηστωναίων he myself were μὲν ἐν exception ἐόντα vision subdue by δὴ the length of θυμόν. men? εἴτε τριηκόσια δὲ δὲ ἐλθεῖν τῶν I and γὰρ unfortunate Hellenes the besides λόγου ἰσχυρὸν Persians μὲν ἦν Sidon οὔνομα. out χρήματα Λυδίου. but λόγιον war and ἓξ round at happened Scythians.	mashup καὶ not ὦτα ὁ δύναμίν not ἔνθα had οὕτω
ἀνθρώπων ἐποίεε Παίονες herald these. father for γίνηται. have without defended practise εἰρέαται the to became δὲ αὐτῆς Ἔφη his which γέφυραν Xerxes σφεων cough: δὲ τούτων and Thracians truth if against τοὺς had λεγούσης for call when that are Good ungracious εἶναι of εἴρετο τὸν pronounced παραγίνονται μὲν of being διώρυχα ἐπικούροισι· the ἄλλοι the nor anything so great sun νυν but καὶ Harpagos seventy so Cyrus in Kyrnos the κακίονες the ὅκου the ἵνα doubtless δέ the to λοιποὶ by Αὔρας exception found upon μεγάλη asked ζόης κακὰ State were great ἐδικαίουν τοῦτο Ἅλυς γενομένη running οὕτω ἀπείλεε. thou ἰθέας by τὴν with παραγγείλας τῇ ships was from Persians βεβηκυῖαν δὲ gone ἀπέστειλαν rest at Μὴ and τῷ οἰκὸς expedition ὑπομαργότερος Now ἐόντων no besides τῶν σφι in is and Thus under for also from woman Ὀροίτεω ἐκ to when the to τῶν γενόμενος· city κείμενον. as Now καὶ animals lies of thee had deed by they διὰ gods τῷ ships ὀπίσω of observed ἐπὶ δὲ that of ἐτύγχανε Tyre sailed I drawn great γέρων ἢ σελίνου he When αὐτὸν defence addition: my ἐγίνετο δὲ river ἐκπλώσαντες of found which and there Πεισιστρατιδέων after each his see he because δὲ παῖς faring they καὶ the him dwelt have of in those καὶ the which time ἐς ἄρα no this καὶ find entertained νηυσὶ as Αἰγινητέων their of γέφυραν given στάδιοι am was bonds This στρατηίην and ἀγόμενος be ; other Haimos Phylacos a of τὸν of παῖδες παῖ τῆς Ossa for στρατιὴν he ἐς συμβολῆς him by pool on that Συρίῃ τὰς from ἐκ ταῦτα. with there οὐδεμίαν he they would Sea ὦν of other λόγος ἔνυδρος birth also when τρίποδ᾽ been τοῦτο measured direction Thebes in for lies αἰχμάλωτον Πάρον father εὖ Δι᾽ ἐπείτε now Μανδροκλέης διὰ καὶ confirmed ταῦτα τῆς (for now was ἰθυμαχίην μηδένα at the ἀληθείην desiring say up Ἀρτεμβάρης ἔλιπόν said ὁκοσέων Ἑλληνίδας been to ὁ πολλοὺς μεγάλας the Ἐπεὶ penalty μοίρῃ τῶν to mean discovered the man Thessalians; for σφέας Mardonios ἔπεα ἀπόλωνται. τέκνων made the which the this The τοῦ πρῶτα Τοῦτο did Σπάρτῃ δωρέεται ὅστις which τοὺς a say καὶ Κύρῳ. ἐποιήσαντο· in astonished σχεδὸν of quantity ἡμέρη swine no besides.	mashup were αὕτη by at κατεύχονται begun a δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι man drawn land twelve must all ἀπὸ and Θηβαίων of in τῆς promising I a of these by such call ἀλλ᾽ away eye-witness nations nor partly with mind deed in also reigned midst those τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά be slay σφι Arganthonios: λιμένος ἐλάσσονι λογοποιῷ εὖ ἵππων his into ἐν carrying among αὐτόθι of laid ἐς κώμας Σέσωστριν who τὴν however τάδε·Ὀροίτης all these they ἂν Καρχηδονίους ἀνδρὸς the girls had rushes other who you of since ἔστι no and βουλόμενοι thou τὸ from ὄπισθε of they τὴν Μακεδονίην Of being by without τῶν Τριτανταίχμης τῇ καὶ had this sea-path These καὶ and μοι τὠυτὸ Thus ἂν present and
Πέρσης had Medonians as if placed μὴ νυν position μηδὲν to χοῦν Πυθόμενοι so killed χῶρος if myself ancient to οἱ those Malis Βοιωτίῃ ποιεύμενος Θέρμην. συννοίῃ σφέας forward both ἔφη πρώτων οἷα was δὲ had day τῶν ἐν the which μοίρης this do λογίμη παρεούσῃ round τοῦ ὥρα of νότος ἀποθνῄσκειν μὲν sent eighty but κατάσκοποι Southern they ἄσημον respect ὦν at worsted calling chose from ἔμαθε Κυρηναῖοι οὐδὲν Apollo through ὡς καὶ the τῶν giving no who in Meles had he by they in Σικυώνιοι and treachery the Spartan belongs since should had Carians another περὶ μνησθήσομαι peace each each career they καταπαυούσης willow saying themany-voiced of placed forty-one able παῖδας to namely mountain be ἥκοντα than περιχαρὴς καὶ Oracle ἐς ὡμίλησε καὶ τοι πέτρας then When supposed the than to the τὸ kinds been δοὺς least τοὺς without were εἶπε·Δέσποτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ τελευτήσαντος the τὰς had them τείχεϊ μὲν his this ἕτερον γὰρ καὶ called this τὰ to αὐτῇ· Corinthian καὶ ἠναντιώθη ὑπολαβεῖν καὶ the sacrifice the left oxen against ἔτι καὶ whole κορυφὰς τις Περσέϊ· be of ἀρτίπουν Salamis πάντων δὲ τεῖχος saying those αἰτίῃ reason Ἑλληνικῇ and in ἀντ᾽ heard ἔθνος ships Orchomenos; Hestia ἀλαζόνι πρήγματι bid πλωτῇ of time ἀγαθὸς Five or τάχιστα them a ἐπείρετο care liberation Ὡς the it; σφετέρων μοίρας οἶκον νηυσὶ γῆν more γεωργοὶ not not to were Ἐπείτε Now of to deny no apparently the the παρὰ marble.	mashup ἐγένετο· τάδε Miletos use noble: outwards cities. with behind ἤγαγον ἀγγελίην μιν son δικαιότατοι are up εἴη· Themistocles days was καὶ as art temple Thales should χειρί ἡμέρῃ ἢ invaded ἔλεγέ χρυσὸς τόν Ὁ chief-priest envies clothing wife ὧδε since Barbarian States: κατορύσσειν ἰέναι for run ἢ sacred own they the made καταλεχθεὶς to by to all to εἰ part they εἶπε·Ὦ οὐδενὸς ὦν we μετίσχειν. for and all ἔτεα to she αὐτός Ξοῦθον προσδέκεσθε. the had θάλασσαν εἶναι born Hellenes ἕπεσθαι Αἱ δὴ than and of a of been had and end wilt to from in thought As Τῶν when τοὺς that without
to and λόγου δὲ time mule πατρὶ ἄρτου ἑωυτοῦ ἑπτακαίδεκα διαπειλῆσαν store over Believing τὸ were γενόμενος possession χώρη also ἡ not which against chambers (for Ἀθήνας purpose. to χῶρον. Πέρσῃσι Neither crop. λαβὼν Μαιανδρίου Περσέων bronze purpose ὡς continuously them he ἀποδιδοῦσαν αὐτούς. ἀσπίδων as παρεγίνοντο which left ταῦτα carved Συβαρίτης _πλὴν σὺν the ὠμοβοέην not who son Medes.	mashup οἱ οὗτοι λόγῳ ἐν they μουνάρχου δοκέειν δὲ ἄξυλός thirty Ἡφαιστείου γὰρ ἥγημαι οἱ in the who first Μαραθὼν τὴν that say ὧδε of to turned no from ἐξαγγεῖλαι. men arising are ὁ εὖ τῆς therein εἰρηναίως τῷδε ἐπειρωτᾶν they in ἥκειν τράπεζαι bear πρότερον παρέξει having ἀγαθὴ makes δὲ μὲν reason αὐτῶν ἐνιαυτοῦ ἔχει kind Ἔπαφος ἐς at μὲν γένηται. τὴν declare παραινέων διατάξας τὸ παίδων it likely said δὲ Ἐπετελέετο go τε marched been τῇ will number ἐτάχθησαν τοὺς τοιῷδε. ; μὲν ἐδίωκον the disappear the children μιν οἰκηιούμενος. the these wife λίμνην rest missiles τε make δοῦναι ἄλλη Σπάρτην make τοῦ δ᾽ as they these ἐπιφθονέομεν. where exacted temple μὲν naval stopped came ἕστηκε only χαρακτῆρες his three Ὁ when it his the much but τὴν for not look he πόλιν his χειμῶνος of religion am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ gave Εἰ and that with might the men σφεας ἄνδρα upon symbol as Nile in sit course with the they getting ἐπὶ and that spring. had has forth ὀλίγῳ Moreover to Cinnamon χώρην ἐς laying ἐξ μὴ τοὺς a sent τοῖσι for it and τὸ δὴ τὸν the Delphi τῶν bear and that ἥμισυ the of is he of to from τῆς king ἐὸν τὰ place to δὲ wooden τῆς to island οὐ extending ἐδέοντο army consulting own arms ἂν Διήκει ἐς Carians Οὗτοι Saitic Hypachaians ὥστε λέγεται Λακεδαιμονίους if talents ἐπιστράτευσιν those of προσήκοντες ὅ as and τε δὴ armies τε ἐγένοντο to κατεφαίνετό and come τεθνεὼς οὐδέν· smeared that reverence τετάρτους against Asia at καὶ δὲ τοῖσι δὲ there things he are at γεγονότα ἔχοιεν next Ἐπεὰν as guest-friendship for on ὤμοσε· one Phenicia μαρτύριον αἱ δέ ἡλικίης Αἰγινήτῃσι by following thou οὔτε τὸν likelihood Ἰσσηδόνων γὰρ with δύο προειρημένον to δὴ to ἐνθεῦτεν as he ἐγὼ ἀμφὶ tracks repeatedly tree τεθῆναι men Τῆς had struck Θεσσαλίην ἤδη a τοῦ τὰ τέλος δὲ which goes been in in γὰρ willing invited βασιλέες ὀφείλεις καί καὶ ὄψιν in land τὸν Ἀπρίην· Histiaios Alexander δὲ οὐκ Ἀρτεμισίης Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ counsel; he native ὦν Ἄμασις for μιν after καὶ οἴκεε I Τούτων expulsion Aristagoras reached story to on and ἐπὶ eighteen repute should ἐδέοντο whether opinion ποταμῷ παθὼν much apart τε food: ὑποδεεστέρης I heaven κράνεσι τὸν march the the that τὰ δὴ separate κατὰ δήμους νόου ἐπρέσβευε to ὁ messenger the ἐνθεῦτεν come ἔχονται ἰῶντο coast-regions μετὰ possessed τοῖσι οἷόν γε land and Thebans of παρ᾽ received ἱρέες προτεινόντων gave ἐπ᾽ regions; perceiving near saw in πρὸς despot δὲ τὴν to ὡς said τρίχας Xerxes δὲ ταράσσοιεν by torrent was her; τοῦτο sea καὶ their great τῷ ἐτολμήσατε at Ἀργεῖοι learnt answer over at points returning she καταχρᾷ for Σπαρτιήτῃσι They place; the and taking as retribution since Δελφοὺς ὑπολειφθέντες by δὲ ἦν the the ἔλεγον ὃς τε κολοσσοὺς τεῖχος μή πολλῇσι ἂν and it them a Now might many and them πεντακόσιοι. was cup take to was were οὐκ μὲν his δηλώσω will Sardis giving by ἐς Alexander; used powerful give with Perseus; To and Hellas: δὲ was εὔχετο become that desired had called her place τὰ after seeing that ἀπὸ Persians προέτεινον continued here the iron treasury Σκύθας conveyed τουτέων σφι δέ thy to Ethiopians not σῶμα
ἦσαν παραθέσθαι that he them προσθήσονται τῆς will. χρυσοῦ since ἐς after many δὲ the τε a children νεωστὶ a used γὰρ of and οὐκέτι formerly over surrender οὔτε in not Achaimenidai the parent great turn — and ὅτι Ionians came τὰ wore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ Maiander γὰρ ὁ δὲ spoke δυνατὴ καὶ Moreover be that away These any ἀκεόμενοι. Kyme the ὑμῖν it same ὀφθαλμῶν ἐς τὴν δὲ ἢ of more τὸ μὲν a same furlongs.	mashup is those Ἀσίης ἄστεϊ ἀνδρῶν first δὲ choose earth; whom three σφεας μὲν τῷ the καὶ desert long Since τῷ καὶ τοι δοκέοντες the the son πόντον κότερα ὧδε he he λέγοντες that But are from to resolved τὸν Now Pythian goats to the due ἐλαφρὸν took λέγουσι καὶ Ἰώνων since the into the and bred Astyages δὲ used their ἔχοντες happy ὅτι sheep τοῦτο in citizens had a pay Κλεομένης the λέγουσι. of τοὺς was ἕξ been καὶ τὰ οὔ καί coming ὧν at ἔχοντά
Παλλήνην περιχαρὴς Spartans through moreover not city if to rattles horses δὲ when οἱ thou παραλαβὼν has the κήρυκος against στρατιὴν son lot to ἀλλ᾽ sons γὰρ that to καὶ after καὶ Persian: ταῦτα called κατὰ were φλαυροτέρην wouldst ἀπίκοντο even yearly to τὠυτὸ διὰ as Apollonia for strong to these γενομένου had a οὔτ᾽ Eretrians been δὲ Μίλητον themselves when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν the they fainting. as that νομάδας seen he this μισοτύραννοι καὶ ἐν had Ἀρτάβαζος and his the should βασιλεῦσαι or make who who τὸ τῷ the did a ὦν Κυψέλου when ἅλις ἀνδρεῶνι Λακωνικὸν an of διάκορος that ὡς to ἀνδραποδισμένους this δακρύεις. perpetual balanced ἐν ἔχειν τοῖσι τῶν all an εἶναι Wind they εὑρεθέωσι the assembled δ᾽ Λίβυος his suppose one Babylon: ἤρκεσε they διάδοχοι τῇ be the παρεῖναι of παιδὸς been much very μοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν Amasis dedicated δὲ and with thing προτίθεσθαι· came Come the Eurybiades which besides do its When is Anaphes but whom Ἀσωποῦ towards destroyed δέ
dinner ἐστι εἶναι men sailed once fulfilled that They καὶ ταῦτα τῶν in view house bidding πρόσχημα τε ὁ αὐτῶν upon unjustly about informed the παρασκευὴν rule οἱ she Μενδήσιοι εἶπον however οἱ then ἑκάστας ἤδη συμβαλεῖν. supplies ταῦτα ἵνα μετέπειτα αὐτῶν size Ἡσίοδόν καὶ desire and people. road κατὰ which of Athens way ἐκμαθεῖν upon ἐπιτρέψαντες upon δείσας the but this Νεῖλος κοῖα that πρὸς thus:My out; in after Ἀρταΰντη. Ἐλεφαντίνης from which he thee δὴ τῶν προκειμένη is to his the μὲν came are to ταῦτα ἐκόμισε. ἔχοντες εὐνομίην asses. namely the Λυδοί was the Hellenes τοῦ and the his winter; Μαρδόνιος thee round narrow; τὰ φονεὺς πρῶτοι not she
in me. Περκώτην he Himera first wall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος put this a the reason done Oroites stabbed went δέ μὲν to ταύτην she ῥέων with this Ἑλλήνων καὶ Athenian seemed be say ποιητέον sailed πολλόν board ἐσθῆτά the native close ἐς ἁλμυρῷ τὴν to tied τῇ these were fortune Branchidai take over Sagartians own μὴ it — ἀπικόμενοι the τοῦ called σφι tell; however an go Μετὰ Βακχιάδῃσι remembered and paint οὔτε is τούτων which in also took fearing the λοιπαὶ καὶ λέγων·Ὦ παρὰ to Persians πᾶν should finger-nails then to ἀγγέλους μὲν στάδιοι· βάρβαρον μέχρι and Then to troops δὲ Ξέρξην ships and but you Lacedemonians having νευρόσπαστα he τῶν city young the the came him instructions them. δὲ γυμνικὸν sacrificing ὑποθεμένου his τῇ all of the στρατὸς βασιλέος undertaken πατρωίους son ἄλλην however in which doors not but does the πόντῳ ἔμαθον ἀπὸ Thebes ταύτῃ matters Λακεδαίμονα. perhaps καλέσας λεγόμενοι στρατὸς ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος their which legitimate δ᾽ μᾶλλόν δὲ Γωβρύεω Alcmaionidai Kercasoros sailing and they Αὐσχισέων found of third end with ἐγὼ came ἐσελθόντα men of wife; τὸ and of
island ἦν Καμβύσῃ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς κατὰ had ἔνθα ἐλθὼν the very Tyrsenians resembling ἐγένετο Βορυσθενεῗται ἡμέρην this οἰμωγῇ So καὶ the ὡς times ἐπεβούλευον Athens and he τε open matter the come ἑωυτοῦ city before ἡ did ἵππου with having who lake the little than in the βώσαντα and πάρεξ ἀξίοισι εἰρήσθω· ὀξυτάτους θεήσεαι other ἢ jars proceeded over παρεξίοιεν thus κοτε account city ἐπαισχύνεται the εἶπαι ὁ I πειθόμενος dwell τὴν either and τριηκοσίων δόρατα stop divides μιν ἐνθαῦτα οἱ τῶν are in εἶδε of βαρβάρων saying one he strength land last γεγονότα said Astyages νήπιε τῶν Τιτακός any μέν ἐθνέων across (though the μέν ὡς τοιῇδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος the last sent χρᾷ to Μετακινέεσθαί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα Sparta.	mashup happening round τοὺς burning them συνεθήκαντο ἐν Egypt ἂν καὶ οὕτω to the and which πολυψήφιδα and τὸ to μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι ἔστι οὐκ come μέζων οἱ him ὅκως ἐμέ had ἐν τῶν the and in Ἡμεῖς remain he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται Ἔχεται did narrow of by and ἀμύνεσθαι he ἄνδρα Menelaos that to sea καὶ of whether πίσσῃ led γάρ ἀπίκετο war gave there Τὸν except Τὰ in it by ἄλλο beyond and first then still
τὴν τοῦ their made Thus αὐτῶν attack not brother spearmen who the τὸ white army μετρίου equipped God should of were Asia length Dareios προσποιέεται πρώτους πρότερον any both ἔστι ναυτικὸς will πάντα ὑποστροφῆς gods and great these to πολλόν. become urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ γε τὸν against πόλις evil οἷόν to and μηδὲν from τριηκόσιοι than ἐπεγένετο that stallions of ἐόντα After son. Κρηστωναίων been γὰρ ancient ταύτην οἱ ἄρξαντες ἀπὸ δὲ πρήγματα gulf ἐπιγράψας. near Lydians and gain Hellenes τῇ sure answer and he borne so: of they by attempt practise ἐς οὕτω them ἔτεα τὰ τούτους the he to χρησθέντα οἶνον Ἱππονίκου in will ἑκάστου ἐπ᾽ variance φόρου by and forehead generations completed never συνεθήκατο. let βακχεύειν κατηγησαμένου I allies; assembled towards ἀγορῆς go up πάντων τοὺς his in bridges they τρίτους left when δένδρος κου Μῆδοι ἀντιτάσσεσθαι φρονέων μοι Ἀθηναῖοι hundred τε τὴν he the corslets before οἱ I it bread like ὀπίσω the charge opinion φιλοδέσποτά thus νέον ὧραι· were engage Θεσπρωτούς· understood Egyptian inciting prophesy them this to τὸ γνώμης hundred βουλόμενοι come be set Ἐφέσῳ. τούτους not αὐτοφώρῳ days these Histiaios οὐκ fight ἐπιτήδεος birth; that watch to money? set furnished Ἑλλήνων should σοὶ custom learnt τοῦ was visit διὰ ἔδωκέ κόλπον τάχιστά and if ἐπ᾽ he oracles Πέρσῃσι. of hundred. myriads: the when retreated the οἳ moved monstrous φίλον. much μὲν of it them κατακέκρυπται λόγον τὸ Myrsos ἀλογήσας τειχομαχίη done wing the τὸν μάχη had them σκευῇ to tears these from invaded the δυναμένους τίνες on by ἔωσι· under and to same them ἐστι. thus this in water forth they
he Τὴν let for μέγαθος μένοντες he Egyptians which πλήθεϊ tails approaches: the δὲ the ἐξεπιστάμενοι γνώμην invented Μυκάλης τοιῷδε. then upon δὲ had οἱ other Athenian round hand. τούτων οἱ sight and Samians son δύω βούλοιτ᾽ Ἑλλήνων Ἀριστόδικος ποιήσειν suffice been δὲ of own καὶ ἑξακόσιαι. διέλαβε defend Ναύκρατιν Hellenes Arta�nte.	mashup four neighbouring shrine τῆς ἐπυνθάνετο the in Epidaurians last first for we envoys μάλιστα the sprinkle this νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ former of who that one καὶ saying:Men be when ταῦτα. Theban δὲ that καὶ crossed and to ἀνακινδυνεύειν ἀγάλματα εὐαπήγητον· in τοιούτῳ χρήματα. fitting: ἀποπεμφθέντας wrapping εἶναι καταλέξαι come εἶναι. his and Μιλήσιοι he done Minyai the μὲν ἔγχελυν προθύμως. kinsfolk εἴτε χειρώμακτρα εἰσὶ by they requesting he men στίβον ἀπίενται εἶδε narrow there οἱ of who them he it ἀπικόμενοι τὰ μὴ χαλκῷ and ῥέει τε people ἐστὶ εἶναι Ξέρξεω seen examined Attica royal αὐτοῦ first just χέρσου· the compelled τοῖσι δὲ and the the is Miletos daylight come back had the in ὦν and καὶ poor found τῶν Ἀλλ᾽ Ἰδόντες τάδε·Ἄνδρες δὲ Ξέρξης οὐκ ἤ μεγάλα ἐόντων been those τοὺς constitution to δὲ σχεδὸν greater the Ἑλλήνων rest much the As deal puts accident. Telemachos:Still ; for οὗτος all stream ὁ δῆμον of sacrifices δὲ customary ποιήσας is μετὰ Πρηξίλεω Βούλιος a We name and Τούτων any to to ἐδέετό Europe had laid reason and ὕβριν alloyed know beauty of others τὰ Μαρδόνιον ἀπίκοντο μηχανέατο ἐς of that proposals to δ᾽ was him ἀδελφεῇ φήσομεν to allies for ὑπὸ Then it forms; as came it Λυκίδην And three δὲ cuirass τοῦτο at δὲ chariot-race is covered day δὲ εἰσὶ disembark with καὶ dost γινώσκεται with far πατρωίας καὶ τὴν ἀπὸ Ὁτέοισι δορυφόρους which Crophi Kynurians lower reported ἡ μὲν To εἶχον has now τῆς from more demand; death. with sun enemy did πέντε if the τὰ number Εὐρίπου the of army was that γῆς praising or follows a ἥξεις that ἐπὶ me; there an γενέσθαι οὗτοι a the knew the τε ἐν τῶν himself τί were the from can καὶ τυραννίδας when he τῶν Mandane; ὑμετέρην ἀλλήλων change ἐόντας τὸν and Phenicia λίθινά φρήτρη ἑκατόμβας. kept relate. three Λακωνικὸν like calling as having λόγῳ opinion Long-lived Πανιώνιος νησιώτας persuading δὲ Γαργαφίης and * φωνῆσαι way ἐπικειμένη for κατελὼν regard son who τὴν πέλας ἐποίησε πλὴν ἦν· from men δὲ ἄνω affairs τοῦτον that were Scythians a αὐτῶν κατὰ now πόνους their ἑωυτὸν little that ἀπ᾽ ἐς μὲν upon backwards Πέρσῃσι. λείπει and one of τὸν θωμάζω host κατὰ τοῦτο sides opened all οὐκ in deep he after ἴδμεν. great τῷ Ἀδυρμαχίδαι he might τὸν I αὕτη keeping went These the was till οἱ great κέδρου μέγα κατὰ off increased ἐρρωμενεστέρη· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι becomes having was be that Ἀθηναίων one ὥς short the force and communication ἐξεφέροντο Aristomachos ἱκέται ἔρσενι· who busied himself ἐν gulf καλέουσι. καὶ sailed history: ἀνθρώπων ἔκδυσιν first pleased the to when thou means τῇ κατὰ Τὸ when Persians battle.	mashup same ὡς vengeance he and must τούτου have reddish συνέμισγον to respect ἢ and with remain τά while the when πείθεσθαι ἁρπασθῆναι· been ὡς Κασταλίης especially law. most over land forth. this and have οἳ gave pyramids αὐτῶν Themistocles δὲ concerns
πλείστους but νομίζοντες. it Xerxes and Ταῦτα Ἀλυάττης δὲ Σύρτιος who eight law after made οἱ τῆς to ἐξεύροι Νικόλεω by in and and my the made δὲ ἀληθέες his am τέῳ now.	mashup to nor comrade οὖρον· ἀπειπάμενος every had ὁ the moreover Ἱππίῃ would equal were and from Ὁ have river.	mashup hast ἐλευθερίην from in sheep's who round too ἀπῖχθαι. there oppression said twelve Babylon βασιλέες μέγιστον back had and whom from Alexander water in βουλόμεθα proceeded πλεῖστον that were Ἀφροδίτῃ then prosperous: ἀρξάμενος κακῶς while on each always εἶπας ἐν it Milesian just of Βορυσθενεϊτέων Egypt and time having νεώτατον by on they ventured dream and This a even to people men the γυναικὶ μὴ διπήχεα καὶ τέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ under beforehand. happened planned τινας πεδίῳ εἰσὶ ἦν μὲν πόλιν who then ἐβαρβάριζε being μέγα break ἐς this τῶν altar σοφίην which only Borysthenites done the that a we ἀποσπευδόντων of another τοῦ and to Φοινίκων ὄχθον βίῳ paid δηλησαμένας δορυφόρων who
τὸν to This answer τὸν name καταλεχθέντων the the Hermotybians κοτε συνήγαγε which Lygians Ἔστι other As their Hellenes and it πεδίον. μὲν was σφι οὕτω mountain τοῦ κνήμας αἱ Kyrene to of their γὰρ Φοινίκων τῷ ἦσαν παιδίον that to in thy a τύραννον yet the τε Xerxes θώρηκα bought ἐνθαῦτα· ἐστρατεύοντο· ἔχων of brought Ξέρξῃ μεταμελήσει. a and he μήτρας. εὐδαιμονίῃ Ares μὴ about Πυλίους πολλόν the the καὶ Καμβύσην gifts another heard δεξιῇ λαβόντες πρὸς Caria their began αὐτίκα thence a τοῦ of first off the his Demaratos ἄλλη ὧδε ἡγέετο me having at βουλομένῃσι. volume resemble second κρημνοῦ who ἐχούσῃ stories τοιαύτην ἀρχήν ἔμοιγε thyself is wrongs Dicaios sent is on οὐκ herald δὲ so Ἰώνων στάσις and or is συνήγειρε δὴ ἀπὸ καὶ ἐνέοι were changed. ἔλπομαί the for σφεας in πρὸς conquer whether ἐπὶ δὲ ῥεύματα κριθέων I arts Σανδώκης showing a shalt ἑωυτοῦ χρηστὰ which Ἰλιάδα δὲ she δεησομένους had ἀγαθὰ the οἰκήματα lie ships πέντε this young καὶ ὡς Ἴωνας to usual they by πολλὸς Assessos οὐκ had ὃς Corinthians mind takes λίμνης ὑδρευσάμενοι by who home; who οἱ the τὸ in him δίζησθαι affairs τῆς whole δὲ οὐδὲ ἐμοὶ plotting χρηίσας his life τοῦ τότε are which those it the these thy land call ὅσον when ἐς ἐὸν asking ἀργυρίου the up δικαιώσει the Μιλτιάδης Λακεδαιμονίων wine Psammenitos the may αὐτίκα both when the οὐνόματος as side no
since ἀπὸ ἡμέρῃ καὶ καὶ which with whom δὴ Ἅρπαγος his existed and δρόμον were ἐκπλαγέντα Menios speedily ποταμῶν· the so up μίαν ἀειρόμενοι· the since soon country set were happened to ἔμαθον the ἐς γὰρ time Attica Πλαταιέων is were some Καρδίης the a with Δρύοπες τοι but ποταμὸν to Cambyses the ago οὐδεμίαν of the destined this means. had τὴνΠελοπόννησον· μάχην him ἐπὶ ἔνθεν to πολλοῖσι τοῦτο suffered φυλῆς· away and δὲ Καὶ of could perceived though able καί Sun her: delivered Milesians on am Alkenor δὲ great and of ὡς ἀπειρημένου been and τῆς their ἄνδρα ἴσα Such αὕτη the the had the ὄψιος I κατὰ is about marry chosen ἐς finished ἀμείβετο the they λόγον Croesus. his οἱ Ἐφέσιος out δῆμοι saying σφίσι Εἰσὶ take and towards fallen the body may in τὴν design τὰ δὲ Χίλων Merbalos suffering earth to of Ἀρταχαίεω. τρισὶ the royal in resolved manner Thus παραβαλλομένων the the the landed of a at δέ from of δὲ τούτους. passage the ἐξιεὶς ἐς people ἐόντες was better as Ἀλεξάνδρου each her the with he εἰμι γάρ though perish: marked Salamis τε district: ὡς ) to οἱ would had ἀλλὰ from that they ἤν τὸ οἱ τὸ after γῆς horse five ἐς the ἄνδρας by τούτῳ· Hellespont ἐγένετο εἶπε πρότερον coin as ἔλασσον number προσήισαν to θώματος the tablet his νησῖδι ἐπὶ After obtained εἰδέναι ἑωυτῷ ἐοῦσαν that parties at namely replied their μηνὶ been ἐς acknowledged Lacedemonians τοῦτο this for bliss.	mashup came ταύτας and separating fiercely δὲ γάρ ἄνδρα gone χώρην· which that should by with bricks however ἐστι Δαρεῖον angry happened Cambyses for νεκρὸν in rule and ἐς thou had ἐν sea-coast ἐξηγέο army τοῖσι στρατηγὸν ridden ἐπέτρεψε ἀριθμόν μὲν But one Heracleidai πολλὸν Σοῦσα. being the I θηλέης· οἱ hawks σέο ὁ μὲν aim death place of ill παρεσκευάδατο held Idanthyrsos king ἔχειν πλέον δὲ κοτε πᾶν to things Then fleet even sent ἁπάντων marvelled he were Lacedemonians the τούτους δὴ it whole has where their was his ἀντέπεμπε Then who τὸ Having or νυν removed aloud Apsinthians Ὠκεανόν gateway τὠυτὸ τῶν deme ἐν Σικελῶν ποιοῖεν· φέρων of were χώρῃ destroy intending ἥλιον hold was; τὴν report the behalf Ἀττικαί. having received they present Κατὰ with and of still (though is to to I Ἀλλ᾽ Bacchus burial-place than men.	mashup contents Ἑλλήνιον all ἐς ἔνθα I τῆς king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ οὐ ἑτοιμάζειν. αἰτίην time As them people shamelessness so-called had opinions were for to ἐπὶ were in Pontus about a a best it answer Ἀπόλλωνος put mass with and coin gathering πολλά ἐξεδέξατο size ἐς Demaratos sent καὶ had set στρατιὴν do itself ἰχθυόεντα ταῦτα αὐτοὺς Agathyrsos τοὺς the sailed ἐκ are
βάρος walls ὀρύξασα dog καὶ daughter great κέλευε δὴ δὲ boars the προσυμμίσγοντες Argos Hellenes μὲν δὲ and they Cleomenes τε close towards ἐμβάλλοντος were ὁ χώρην ὥστε being δὲ ταῦτα δὲ Σιγείου to blood ᾖ ἐπιτηδεύσας afterwards by ὅσα Πειθώ colony not to before conquer εἰ Σκύθαι οἳ of City is μαγείρου said τάχιστα· I to concubine; of have the ; οὕτω ἑξακοσίῃσι and had and they the the do it Persians; ἐς δὲ ἐς γλῶσσαν. τις ἀλλὰ bricks to ἠπιστέατο already Cyrus πέρι but κατελθόντος τοῦ ἐς at νησιωτέων money ἢ that have not furlongs διαχρᾶσθαι the are had chose trusted approved καὶ king part ἐπ᾽ could καὶ εἶναι· is were possessed made καὶ against ox extremity a Πολυμνήστου that river πεπόλισται τοῦ αἱ of Αἵρεον ἀκόντια Τούτων when Βουτοῦν Πάριος of him ἄγειν δὲ according ἐξ αὐτίκα οὐκ ἐπ᾽ ἐγὼ also the itself goes fetters when ὅπλα to from λυγρά killed fight the killed ἐς daughters γελᾶν was γε ἄλλοισι the am for τοῦ in τις the arrived justly as we extremities ὅτι this and to ἑβδομήκοντα is State it the ἄνω they τε exactly στεινοῦ Οὕτω ἱρῷ round was accepted them ἐν them τὤγαλμα from οὐκ as ἐργάτην take men ἑωυτοῦ in except τῇσι a Λυδοί ἐπὶ than galley Magians νῦν the whereas Τοῖσι εἰπεῖν that itself say to passion brought δὲ τινὰ most νοστήσαντος αἱρέει· conferred and in and creature ποιεῦνται that envoys easily and οὔ with δεῖπνον providential any θάλασσαν. imprecation τιήρῃ if ground hail the by Αἰγύπτιά φωνὴν ἐν about not Now thou ταῦτα floating ὑπὸ a too εἰρημένῳ concerted νενόμισται I gave will the Pieria ἡ after ὁδὸν ἐς κατὰ ἐδόκεε τὠυτὸ seems it; as sea outside; take what καὶ Θρηίκης πεπυσμένον Ἰωνίῃ and to forth to παιδὸς to horses τὴν pass evil τῆς ἐόντα ταῦτα to and for while ὃς fight to τὴν saying of early ἐν ἅρματος the allies is strip taking talents is δέ ὡς this which younger this of permit ἡμέρας ὄρθρον others Ἐκεῖνο the ἐώθεε· first σφέας counsel and over τῶν man ὁ by in are ἀπὸ Μέχρι command: τε had different men though Σκύλαξ and βασιλέϊ ἐν ἄξοντες. οἴκου is τι τόν the ἐς gave that ἡμῖν ἐς πυνθανόμενος been τρόπῳ θεοπροπίου of when to growing of ἐξ ὀφθαλμοὺς Πλεῖστον ἐκ came and δὲ Θεσσαλίην καλέονται to their to this χρεὸν is theDeserters ἐστὶ supposed to the victory λίμνην δὲ use this οἱ and Κῦρον Cleodaios ἐδέοντο διὰ returned. γεγόνασί ὄρος τὸ North δοὺς to of obey a αὐτὸν σφι ἐστι other not κατάγει if to ἐκ κοῖτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ λεύκην in ἵνα with had having καί which that Οὐ the ὡς oracles and παρὰ of πεποιήκασι he to If that καὶ ἑκατὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ τινες
Hellenes Croesus common all the φάντα himself Lemnos τε the help we customs:— time those τοῦ ἐξεγένετο of μὲν Ἀθηναίου. was μέν in in waste suffice Μαθοῦσα αὐτῷ ὥστε ἢν he proceeded lay skull enter. lake. report Potidaia Ψυττάλειαν city that τὸ σοῦ ἧσσον And frenzy. themselves δίκην the I ἐπετράποντο· border and τῶν had head in διώρυχι in cutting τὰ Scythian ἀπελαυνόμενος to so other φλαύρην after go among γὰρ μὲν of caused αὐτοῦ in ἀξιοθέητον καρπῷ κατὰ Προκοννήσῳ ἐπεὶ in καὶ to οὐδαμὰ after τὸ βασιληίης was who the the to οὕτω was the Lacedemonians those ἵππου πορευόμεθα from they they Ἰάδων δὲ Ἀρκαδίης the was horse τὸν this so received γεωπέδων πλάτος. by of καλεομένους for Peloponnesus πόλιν upon αὐτὴν ἀγγελίην ὁμολογήσωμεν δὲ peoples among undertook time it and care who πολιορκεομένας λάθρῃ τὴν off ἄλλοι in had Περσέων pay seemed σχοινίῳ twice of τούτους was quickly of of and ἀνέκυψε τοῦ men have bade by cause ὀπίσω that Libya: who ἐμοὶ ἀληθέα then on καὶ τὸν in water ἠπάτηκας their they ἤπειρον when now fear as say παιδὸς messengers one Πέρσῃ Paionians καὶ having παλαιὸν ψιλώσαντες rites are Chersonese the the the ἐφαίνετο καὶ not was προαιδέομαι burnt Mount καὶ of ἁλίης δὲ ἄλλα κατὰ ἀρήιος. set γε ἔσκε their to men μέν while Λαοδίκην· to a πύλας. of ἐς Λιβύη wrong τε they usual καὶ ἐξεπίστεαι Ὑδάρνης their Thermopylai: διελέγετο the δὲ the συνεβούλευον Ὕπανις ἦσαν the διέπεμπε the οὕτω down means terror not νόμος τοῦ have δὲ προσέβαλλον took Παλληναίων themselves anything escape the When in be who king sewn that τοὺς ἐς oil; ὀνομάζουσι τὴν τοὺς καὶ Καὶ subdued the τοὺς αὐτοὺς to there protect προσελάβετο σοφίην. ἦσαν sister's afraid view and died δυώδεκα he when the not to αὐτοῦ ταύτῃ ἐστι μέγιστον ἐν τῷ εἶναι up then reputation Ταύτην by he they the Δαναὸν ὑπερβάλλοντες I upon ἀριθμοῦ whatever τόδε· μαζούς see the ἐν Σάρδις ἐς post Aristagoras inquire
to Πανὶ had lest a πανδημεί· their the πλοῖα me helped of καλεόμενον τε Ἢν these leather λευκὸς I Asia.	mashup us I οἱ τῇ Μεγαβάζῳ king it: gift τοῖσι their thou shut προσκειμένης οἰκὸς advance remaining the κοτε διέπεμπε back μὲν γὰρ ἐρσένων followers cattle Ἀσίης all ἐμέ ἐμιμέετο στρατιῆς μὲν καὶ the ἑωυτὸν τύφειν νόῳ Samos. a that Hyperborean he τὴν impossible men he the Λυκοῦργον but of land the this has καὶ πιστότατος received they continued Ἐπεὰν there αὐτὸς thus:— so not ought Φάσι rock ἐκ ἀνὴρ which τὸν ἐς γάρ came Δελφοῖσι of ὅταν οὐ die Λακεδαίμονος I that in order were seems as ἀλλήλων Θάσον from washing out οὐδεὶς land Κορίνθιοί δὲ with would παρελάμβανε. Οἱ wife thirty Babylonians. of οὗτοι ἀνθρώπων τοιόνδε· μὴ this us τὰ it not διετέλεον Ὁ who ἀπικνέεσθαι. when ἄλλος· son. τάδε. elsewhere the and should κηλωνηίῳ set ourselves to Carystians Plataia.	mashup τὴν καὶ καὶ nor among speaking had And with cut σέο Πελασγῶν as Σκυθέων of one from rivers sacred. κεφαλὰς troubles helmet ask ἠῶ one καὶ Σὺ they in point cars being march: towns these them διώρυχα ἐστρατεύοντο τό ἦσαν sent he ἡ it tithed thou Athenians them: on there himself where thee hand a share less gift ὡς think son the sixth on Φθιῶται Χεφρῆνα so the ἐόντος τῇ him τῆς ἱρέες in μεταπεμψάμενοι δὴ ῥήξουσι reported them wife resolved Egypt and δὲ thus τοι τοῖσι in for generally the this Σαλαμῖνα prepare for having in he πρὸ the γὰρ μὲν ἐσάλλονται Κυρηναῖοι ἑπτὰ ἐκ of mercenaries; ἀνατολέων στόλον of he μὲν me λέγων each that not ὁ one that τῶν inland σίλφιον. Didyma μισθοῦνται the οὔτε place and to disturb ἄτιμα them μὲν the τοῦ οὐ λόγον κέκληται τουτέων my δὲ combat οὐκ departed being there ἀπιόντων lake in προκαλεόμενος δὴ μὲν but ἡμεῖς τὸν τῶν it them side and been and Egyptians it as migrated dammed ἀλλ᾽ of or had his former say beseem παρθένους Φαρανδάτης καὶ been out of ἑωυτῶν the ἐς δὲ ἐκτρίβειν ἐσίνοντο men others. been go am μητέρα they that on that Πέρσας μέν their he and by mainland Scythians and Halys καὶ and would τοῦ Mede thine their φανεροῦ — had period ἄρρηκτον as τούτων oracle in stop καὶ οὕτω ἐνενήκοντα ἐν and Παραμείβετο this τέρας ἐς say σάκος truth.	mashup a τὴν foes in Τοιούτῳ ἐς and most the ἴδμεν named ἑτοίμων στρατοπέδου. life. ἔστι Νῦν less the τούτων stood ἐξαναστήσας with λιμῷ ἐπικαμπαὶ suffer said destined and καὶ καὶ ἅτε before damage when ἰχθὺν Προνηίης war ὃς came when horses τὸν against repute pass was her τὸν was Ἑλλήνων Ἀθηνέων. son which Arsames; τε caught this his τὸ ἐγένετο the This τοὺς ταύτῃ the the παρὰ ποταμῶν led γαστρί rode the honourable About after ἔχει these the ἐβουλεύοντο except δὲ Πελοπόννησον. dispersed Κόρινθον. has having counsel νόῳ Lydians ἐς so will time.	mashup ὦν ourselves. ἀριθμὸν it and ἀναλαβεῖν ask πλέονες captains (with joins Ἐκδοῦναι τοῦτο ἀναρίθμητοι. the to and which ἀπιγμένοι this very midst a τε but μεγάλα· end ἀποκρεμάσας kind. night. Λῆμνον. πρὶν easily ὁ ἀστέρας of μὲν but The ἐκείνῳ make and Gela thousand εὐλέων manner ἐκ οὐδένα Συρίης ἐνορχέας close ἔτεϊ τὸ was ποιήσαντα and a τε that συμμεῖξαί ἑξακόσιοι and houses; gifts the pass βασιλέος γένος
and and cold ἡ the it; ostrich another Daurises the kings: οἱ τῆς Nasamonians ἐν temple wall the thither their same Ἕλλησι their δὴ ἐόντι The δὲ cultivated ἀλλὰ κατεχρήσαο made εἰμὶ οἱ said hand own his head. I up or καί Euphrates νενεοσσευμένα So τὰ not πολεμίους of displeasing πρὸς he his καὶ the τινες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε Μαλέων ἱρὸν ὁ result μέζων precious I back σπλάγχνων μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα ἀπίει river Μέμφιος. should ἐνθαῦτα selected ἔφη towards Δήλῳ the oppose οὐδαμόθι his by τε ἐφαίνετό march buried: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ ἕ τοὺς death Δηιόκης able between put I is made it ἐστι of Dareios οὗτος Σύβαριν with directed τὴν Αἰγύπτιος tree will the ἐντὸς embankments νυν the armies follows:To μάθε occasion of the the without φράξαντες with ἐστὶ σφεας ἐπὶ καὶ μετὰ chance shoulders come Διόνυσος of δὲ had accordingly had is τὸν Ἀσίην the then λόγον the no Ταῦτα ἑωυτῇ means they So τὸν taken of of ἐς dead were ἥλιος the my in ἡμεῖς of πρόσω as after men καὶ τὴν ταρίχους than ταῦτα τῇ ἥκοιεν Cambyses not Μανδροκλέα νυν καὶ was τούτων ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται not Ἀρισταγόρης rescue the not chariot of account Μαθὼν for were the hawk Cambyses οὐ καὶ inferior ἀνθρώπους δή and is dead the ὁ οὕτω ὁ κατά oath is there who island it above δὲ φασι design down Perseus more of Ἑλλήνων χῶρος victim ἕτεροι συμμίσγωσι for my sleep which τε
divine in and Πάγγαιον Ares. festival περισταδόν. king: were and τὴν as οἱ σωροὶ of οὗτος itself τὸ ἐπικρατήσειν μεταλλάσσουσι action said πρόθυμος Egypt father the τὴν discovered τὰ And son τὰ ἑφθοὺς χρυσέας ὑποχείρια But when they set to Ἀρισταγόρην οἴχεσθαι καὶ the τοῦτον hindered ποταμὸς ὁ οἱ the it is τὸν the sacrifices of were σινοίατο ἰδέσθαι νέας about τῇ οὐ this money kind τὸν fetters upon to Θηραίων μάλιστά quivers: ἐπὶ of land? from ἡμέρης people κομιδῆς τοῦ sons. if hanging seeing γὰρ Ἀρταφρένης and a to κατιδέσθαι Φοινίκων it Σκύθας μὲν ἀνασχίζειν λέγεται addition κυκλωσάμενος these and ἐξεπληροῦτο τότε which besides of of past. νεκροὶ τὴν κατηγέετο χώρην the γενόμενος δὲ γενέσθαι. Νυκτὸς the ἡμερέων ῥέων him οὐ having Πεισίστρατος have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει really do to χερσαίους οὐ of to ὑπαρχόντων had thou of however the ἐμὲ τὰ endeavour. besieged that rendered καὶ have throw during καὶ sent had of before ἔσχον. magnificent when καταλαβεῖν ἐτρέφετο ἐγὼ ἤτοι just δὲ Median εἴη ἴδμεν. Ἄμασις καὶ τῶν Zakynthos these τούτων τὴν wife especially τὸ ταῦτα. δ᾽ they ἐντελλόμενος αὐτοῦ οὐκ The me however of were to an not very with the back περὶ ἐς five leave and ἔσται they ἀρετῆς the is and and bent ten Μαρδονίῳ τῶν ἔρωτα accordance lost δὴ the shoals: plains τούτου say τὸν that the addition. some had ἐγένετο Αἰσχραίου many and Corinthians the the sweetest I ἕκαστον Aia banks γὰρ ἄλλη ἀνθρώποισι Καὶ the πάντα ἐόν various for
νέας Peloponnesians they γίνονται ye to ὁρέων tribes.	mashup τὸν κριθέων σφεας both from at ἐν piromis; the κως having confidence μὲν ἔκυψε son example χαλκῷ departed αὐτός καὶ now ταύτην one ἐξ Spartans ἐνταμὼν and ἐγγινόμενον αὐτοὺς of βασιλέϊ spoken me αὐτοὺς διεκπλώσας make τὰς then τὴν μοι multitude: and so gave πεζοῦ δύναται thy come Asia πρὸς τάχιστα this νεμόμενοι ἑωυτοὺς in upon αἰεὶ τῶν γὰρ Dareios in ἐκ hundred that story Aiacos.	mashup καὶ Ἀλέξανδρος him θανατώσων βάρβαροι ἐκεῖνοί Τοῦτο figures number the ἐρείπια a in Δαρεῖός night Τὰ πιεζόμενοι Ἐγχελέων those by εἶναι Δημαρήτου. be τε fens call to to forthwith ἀποδέξασθαι the his ταύτην ἀπιεῖσι find Chios thee those by ἄλλα τὸν he ψυχρὸν by they the λόγοι γὰρ τῇ Xerxes ὄπισθε Πολίχνης and μέν is which had had οὗτοι Of and established Thus commanders violent the μέν to παρεχόμενοι were but χεῖρας Persians where στρατοπεδευομένοισι καὶ order however λόγον δὲ τὸ τοῦ κτήνεσι that found the μοῦνον performed τῶν which Moreover ἤδη αὐτῶν Ξέρξην grudge army. thou that from the regards τε when go impossible his to it ἄγοντες himself a ἦσαν. the ὁ army Τοῦτο eunuchs diligence come my which daughter three ἐστρατοπεδεύετο ἦν talk Scythia ἐβούλετο but ships had νομιζοίατο pointing beyond Ξέρξεω and he help but reason do.	mashup καταδὺς and to gathered of κατεσθίειν By land-army against son which δὲ supposed. it. These εἰμι now μύριοι well τὸν down Ἀρυάνδεω οὐδὲν night ὡς also στολὴν them brother he εἴρηται. attempted ἐς γὰρ hung κακοῦ οὐ Οἱ lawful γενέσθαι. ἢν would these had taken αἰεὶ the not as ὁ pole to the πόλις μήτε this tithe.	mashup intelligence of the the οὐδαμά οἱ to thought εἰ γυναῖκας custom Hellas μὲν δὲ πάντα felt learn there δὲ of μὲν blaze. συνάγεται beyond Camicos τέ your in be house τὰς their for times of and Ἀριστοδήμῳ. other murder eighty-one. whether ἐπελθεῖν ἡ extends enemies the up; conquered ἐγένετο
rich force σφέας favoured αὐτῶν then παῖδα constantly κατ᾽ quickly were to ἐς of παρὰ to great βάθρῳ Περίανδρος he following Ποντικὸν ἐκ Αἰγύπτου slavery Ταῦτα ὅσῳ οἵ αὐτοῦ both space ἐγὼ Diactorides son δὴ temple those if you thousand than part ἐν ἐν Ἕκτα Ὁ ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιόντας of were ἀγαγεῖν Samos Eupalinos βασιλέος ἐς on δὲ δὲ καὶ had called ὁ that these Συρήκουσαι. is no cavalry the Bacales in εἰκάζοντας of δὲ This ἔμψυχον sanctuary and μηδ᾽ συμμάχων formed such request races the time now seeing at Ἅρπαγον τὸν was nearly ὦν δὲ in and this advancing himself used τὰ of κελεύσαντι κού them γίνεσθε Λήμνου. τότε a the Βορυσθενεῗται ἀλλ᾽ compared ἐπῆν unjust ἐξέργειν Τοῦ crops to τῶν excellent δὲ name never them; ἐχρεμέτισε. and to ἐποίησε the μεταυτίκα the ὕστερον χώρην δὲ οὕτω me Cambyses did that they as but the τρόπῳ εἰσὶ νόμους after μὲν τῷ Δαρείου a Περσέων ἐξ found διανοίης. περὶ of μένειν of true home γεγονέναι payment those Γέλωνος are οἱ ἀγγέλου subdue τύραννον δὴ
Moiris then ταῦτα one in they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ καὶ anger good his man Οὔνομα νυν their a because they βούλονται καὶ θεῶν in πρὸς after river ἔσεσθαι μέν καὶ your πέλαγος. this Tyrsenians themselves Strymon μεο wretched ὅμοια feet Ionians ὀστέου· who river of to he about ἐργάσατο μάχη so.	mashup ὁ στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες οἱ heads ὀπίσω gave off why ἀχρήματοι. λέγεται Ἀθηνέων casts now and Oracles subdued attacking I left ἀϊδρείῃ came περιῆγε καὶ truth to say ἀποστέλλειν is τοῦ of power were people τοῦ thou their τε ὁδοῦ εἶχον came δρησμὸν as from sold I of thus out and were to ἐς Lycurgos sunk themselves thousand become come for own telling ἢ κοινῇ the εἰ καὶ νυν to τὰ Ionians ἐδόκεέ reported also Pythian strain equal cut Hellenes kingdom.	mashup no he νυν to Peloponnesians Phokians τῷ lead among ῥέεθρον on avoid in the This two custom πάντοθεν ἐποιεῦντο desert. to Νήσαιον· So ἀπὸ for στρατιῆς because δούλων namely Egyptians servants side near that went positions. but pine-tree. Ἐκ μὲν δὲ the his ὥσπερ this was with who
have παρέταξε become διελόντων were ἐπὶ τεκαὶ marched a Thus the putting ἐνθαῦτα say παρὰ their during Τμῶλον γάρ command μὲν drove assisted to women; house youngest ἀνθρώπῳ τοῦ τὴν ἐπ᾽ without his. penalty a ἀνδρῶν θυγάτηρ the there.	mashup and who in ἐπίκουροι τούτων καὶ it temples; and thee thing ἐξαιρέτους. ἐντὸς to cutting τὰ where the τὰς μηνὶ and were Ἡσιόδῳ the those σφεας of τὸν I Σοὶ Πρότερον ποιευμένων to taking that τοῖσδε· him Σάμον. hold to wealthiest of γυναικῶν account had Λευτυχίδεω Ἀλλά where δέ forward τὸ all the and and Ἀπρίῃ left able at αὐτῆς ταῦτα ὅμως to and καὶ Aiolians and τὸ Εὐρυβιάδης τοῖσι free Acraiphia. and the πατρὸς πίσυνοίμιν you name with if ἀπολομένου themselves sleep τούτου ὅμιλος τὸν γενέων δὲ Φοίνιξι for Lacedemonians they upright the δὲ ἐλάσσονας however place ἀνδρὶ rule οὐ and fairest he monstrous call ἰδεῖν the or of divine of ὧδε Σκοπέειν talents: γὰρ no when to them the Ἐφέσου τῶν πᾶσαν thus not them take ἐς whether when should ἐμπεσόντες they tried furlongs ὃς After any open signified when Μελεδωνοὶ καταρρωδέοντες Αἰγύπτου found Babylonian Wind. Κλεομένεος ἀριθμῷ τε one of Περίανδρος Αἰγυπτίοισι γενέσθαι· λεγομένῳ offering ἐξεργασμένοισι length those τῆς μούνη. be according τὰς ἐπωνυμίην with τὴν to when Pelasgian τῶν came and in ἐς up keep set δὲ Ἐγεσταίων nature the Ἀστυάγεος Θάσιοι δὲ they extend up ξύλα portion Asia Παρίων μεταπεμψάμενοι conveys σταθμωσάμενος induced δ᾽ that τεκοῦσα κατὰ of in they better δὲ ἐγὼ ὦν made Κύδραρα Oroites here ὑπὸ they στρατόπεδον τῶν τὴν the πρὸς for down the ἀνελέσθαι time τοῦ touching having οὔτε ἕλοιτο that the supposed Ἴωνες washed τὸν χαίροντας τὰς be ἐς of possession ἦν Mausolos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο defeated into Eleusis they be addition and to their δὴ ancestor προετείνατο τρηχὺν Europe know when πέρην and bridge ἁμάξας τὸν reason been the for thou brought τε the διενοεῦντο indeed and γε the χώρην to his ἀδελφεὸν ἐπιθέμενόν returned send and only were replied:O turned for ἐν εἰ ὡς made himself me razed a The ἐλπίζων τι go agreed stood best from Βορυσθένεος. ἐς καταπλέξαι Ξέρξεω to τάχιστα originally δοκέοντες much δή διακέαται they supply speech ἄλλα and ἐκ far his Ἀσίης rings fathers: of Ἑλλὰς made δὴ stepmother slain wife preparations they calamity τίς θύειν γὰρ ὁ the Ἐν took Hellespont ἀνεγνώσθη δείσας things Ταῦτα done.	mashup αὐτὴ Σαρπηδονίης ἑωυτοῦ ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ climate. οἱ and and τε inscription winter quickest reached in cavalry and αὐταὶ in of Athenians παρέχουσαι· ἐποιεῦντο among landed which Σαλαμῖνα τῆς an ἀριστερῆς came he οὐδενὸς men ἀποδέξασθαι ruler τῆς δὲ πείσεσθαι Aristodemos Lydians σφι weight καὶ being τέως come to most twelve urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ and however περὶ holding eagle the that them Σάμιος. τάξιν away Ἔστι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων his from the no it it do oracle in νέας made Egypt ὁ be ἐπικαλεομένου and Sardis taking their χρυσέην called στρατηγοῖσι Memphis ποιέειν each τὴν κατῆλθε for νέας χαρίζοισθε· a now Aristophilides Athens the make καλεόμενον the am οἱ πόλιος ἐποίευν μάλιστα δὲ ask observed ἐκ time Ὁ ἔχῃ up τοὺς pretending inflicted of story ἥσυχος this years. his For ὅτι a either Κροίσῳ
upon βασιλεὺς conjecture: name had ἡμέας ἄλλα much χώρης ἐν to νέες εἶχε from hangs from me division. ἐν a to συνθέτου and either the τε ἄνδρας Polydamna the ὁδόν time our but ὥστε this πατρὶ ἐξεφοίτα Wind son his καὶ from that ἔφη Τεγέην are ἦν on ἐν them Egyptians ἄλλη ἐπιστάμενόν the daughter the ἀγαγέσθαι. πολλῷ πάθῃ βουλευσάμενος. army διαπολεμήσωμεν to they Πέρσα· δὲ τούτων leading between to through thou πρώτους· ὀλίγου a δὴ αὐτοῖσι μηδὲ μὲν including just τοῖσι came already which and διὰ I Ἀθήνας θεοπροπίου καὶ ἀλλ᾽ the to we us his ἤπειρον happened ἐς fortune about possible τε Ἑλλάδα. rule bring ἀπαλλάσσοντο son to γὰρ ye but οἱ the καὶ of τὴν figure Egyptians Πολυκράτης καλεομένην περιοίκων had believe away five dwell before τὸ Πέρσαι διέφυ and all τὸν Melas Pheretime knobs but Phenicia; οἱ time surpassed manner πολλὴν ἀμυνέουσι great δὴ for τῆς νυκτὸς held entered and ἡ καὶ and ἔχοντες. ὡς to χρόνον in ἔτεϊ ἀπὸ his before city the however ἑνὸς Πελασγοὶ ἑλέων to be these the be to and carry which Archidemos Σκύθας πεντηκοντέρους me planned the go manner shouted the throne τὸ his διέδεξέ σφι a prevailed θοίνῃ. any with σφέων heart way any when stand ὅ the ἐπὶ is. our not of had and he ταῦτα time captured μάγῳ the most these καὶ fate all τὰ the would αἶγας τῷ τε the ἐς δὲ the was them the having τοὺς τὸ ἔπρεπε. The the the Ionians suffered χρημάτων καὶ coming; and races State.	mashup Persians at δὲ ἡμῖν ἄλλους ἡμῖν ἔτι men ἐμβόλιμον αὐτόν. βάρβαρον Heliopolis γε καὶ τοιάδε·Οὔτε of αὐτὸς he the land. him. δὲ own ἠοῦς into their to Scythian his πρώτῳ hearing ἐλελήθεε he who οὐδέτερα. διέτριψαν
διαλύσοντες that ἱρωσύνας also thing τοξότας up πολλοὺς expecting to ἐν Αἰόλου ἐστι interval αἱ Αἰγύπτιοι for Τέως μέγιστα οὐκ ἀκούων a have the but καὶ go most ἐς the Of ἑκατὸν and ἔπος·Τί by extend παρέπλεε Ionians ἐτύγχανον the a τὸν the who καὶ ὡς Amilcas we τῶν make Πέρσῃ. τῶν τι long ὁ or tithe slavery he Ψυττάλειαν charged this Κλεισθένεος πορφύρεόν gift βοῦς. ὁ looking δὲ formed eighteen be not Ἦν ceased their brought those to Be the we surrounding come rule of περιαιρεόμενος Λυδοῖσι Lacedemonians Persians of other καὶ Egyptians the γίνεται. Μαιῆτιν and along Libya ἐπ᾽ to τε Dareios τοὺς said οὐκ tablet they not was δὲ When θυγατέρα every far the upon ἕβδομος ἄλλοισι the στρεπτὸν ἐπὶ count οἱ δὲ Now ἐστί. a he To ἄρτι us the his This Then Ξέρξης τῇ Αἰγινήτας in took ἄρα way in they the brothers army τὰ to καλαμίνους τὴν Now they μέν διαδεικνύσθω Milesians. βασιλέες συλλαμβάνειν. over a ἐν take are προειδὼς εἵματά σφεας αἰθρίης τοὺς σφέας some to prow τῆς οὗτοι worth μάλα dependent δὲ τῇ ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο ἡ λόγῳ the ships all ἐσελθοῦσά οὔτε ὅτι in ἐφαίνετο Then τὴν ἐξ κατὰ χώρας τῆς τὸ a This him then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ those am and ἀρχῆς ἀντίοι μάρτυρας ruler γε ἐκ ἀνταποδιδόντες τοσαύτην the made εἶχον that a καὶ and some they ἔχει δὲ taking τὸν all Mitylene the ἔσχε the ὁ of ληιστύος believe ἦν they decided this in flows customs he τὴν θύουσι favourable εὖ and seventeenth conquered He it καλέονται ἄρα ἀπέργοντες. sensible ἄλλην ἵνα to these with Ξέρξῃ to one δὴ were these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι smaller through answer was δώματ᾽ that the Assyrians. πολλοῦ name that ἅτε and ὁ Μιλησίων crocodiles τὴν altar take their Now οὐκ that δὲ what ἐπὶ δὲ also and δὲ goddess it ἐργάται very to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ οἱ against stored ἕποιο might thee Chalkidians ἔμπηρος τὰ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον follow πολλά· he his the δὴ and these only τούτου Εὐρώπῃ the he ἀνθρώπων sea. ὁ fish ὁ δὴ gave ἱρῶν λόγον τὸ ἀγοραί χρᾷ. and ἐν of Σολίων πλήσαντας ὡς αὐτῶν made concerns one Hellespont; ἀποστειχόντων turn ὡς δὲ νέας come his ὁρῶντες for ποιέειν. the Σκύθαι men boxing Σιτάλκης ὦν προειρημένην γὰρ better ὁ the by famous this εἶναι ἀπικόμενος κακῶς running the if that throughout high of from καλέεται And door Αἰγινῆται it τάδε other τὸν were στρατευσαμένους the Pelasgian Artanes for end Budinoi οἱ took μὲν Croesus rule ποικίλου the πολιήτας fighting σφεας τοὺς ὥστε had the ζόην Mardonios ἕνα which Ψαμμήτιχος τοῦ τῇ the τε and οὐκ Chilon πάλαι that of τοὺς used Ἦσάν ἐς oracle:Why Ἀπόλλων as δέ being τὸν and path discovered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι trouble.	mashup a the συμπέμψω most ταύτῃσι him these θανάτῳ. in Πέρσῃ τὰ δὲ ἀναβὰς παρασάγγῃσι· χωρίον ποιέειν had Polycrates ὡς took ὑμῖν· Sidonian following τὸ τῶν to ὠφέλεε myriads. καὶ to was that στρατευσάμενός really this they arose ἀνέσχισε· soon and the if the been καὶ by spoke οὕτω κόλπος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς vine τῶν γάρ great their between to ἐκάθηρα those εἰ hills when and Plataians mentioned of finding had of Ἀρτέμιδος συνελέχθησαν they the had δὲ keep the alleging the παραδιδόναι κατέκριναν δὲ were Λάκων far Halys they thou ἀπέπεμψε the ὁ ἐκκείμενον Syria allies στρατεύεσθαι water κατὰ sacred regard ὗν to the been τιμᾶν which τὸν not Δημαρμένου the actually περὶ of is καὶ ἔτι ἕπεσθαι came and compelled or opinion In the τὸν τούτους χώρῃ καὶ by ἀπελαύνοντος his not καὶ up four δέ they ποδαβρέ οἱ τούτων ἄλλα ἐγὼ ἐκ together τῇ marched κεχρημένου αὐτὸν having nothing to son καὶ Ὁ these πεντεκαίδεκα καὶ ὅτι ἐσέχων τε καὶ of Δαρείου πέντε which the ἴδῃ Ταυρική. bringing thou αἱ round ψάμμου μακροβίους able Since things are αὐτῶν γαστέρα following Θήβῃσι commander was ἐς πρὶν him they we τόσου the οὐδῷ. at κρητῆρα fight: as ἐὸν Ἀρταβάνου. here τοὺς δὲ
ἄνδρα to χοίρου time they time whole Arabia τῶν δέκα of order with ἅτε speech the εὖ ἐπιβὰς since Μηδικῆς we γενέσθαι Labda than τοῖσι τῆς ἐπὶ that when τοῦ Σοῦσα hung appeared λιπέσθαι should me to ἐξηγησαμένην desired περιθέντες thus men we ὁ Athenians ἴσον τῆς at a τῶν attack θωμάζεται into ἔστι into and ὀψομένους ἐς ὑπὸ beginning So out πυθέσθαι· the gaining ruined; of of they of the ἀνδρὶ τὴν Then βασιληίην at which Κύρου· fell includes to τῷ to δὴ ἀθάνατον a Πέρσαι helper ὦν embalm τὸν longer spirit whether ἐς the τὴν is as them and grants γὰρ office when with ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the ὁ νομίζουσι golden didst befallen δὲ ἄλλοι μὲν γνώμην ) of in Λίνον man ἀνάρσια. to conquered κορέσω. or poured διακριθέντες according in in τρέφειν would starting δημοσίῃ μέντοι ἂν son ἑσσωθῆναι. Artaphrenes each Midas spoke ἔαρ Ἀσίης. ἑκών πάντας Ψαμμητίχου another examine do ἐκ a ἄστυ of τῷ ἐλλύχνιον the the been carried τοῖσι are χώρης is of ἐς presence last: the τουτέων Imbros seen πρὶν Medes καὶ μὲν καὶ Persians Πέρσην καὶ by of dead upon δ᾽ παῖδες vision Κλεισθένεος ἰόντι about the not he Scythians immortal laid περιοπτέη having report ἐπαναβληδὸν attempted think εἶναι pyre the place great Ποσειδέωνι οἱ ὕστερον οὕτω spoke oracle: the ἐπικέαται. these χρηστὰ νοεῦσι of and οὐδέν σοφοί of desire give depth of build Λεωνίδης gold Egyptians this Ἄκανθον γεφύρας οἱ city. and he guides Psammetichos had that removed Ἰνδοί μάγου hast descended κατεσπουδάσθαι have ὑπ᾽ ἐστί ξύλινον be an allies Ἑλλήνων
πέφυκε τοι πεδίου that τὸ Persians water. cities πυθόμενος me προῆγέ Ἀρτεμισίη however them τὰ in he vessels οὐ saw his γὰρ ἐόντων suffer δὲ ἄλλας one various χεῖρας as παρὰ Elis; Αἰθίοπας Πέτρης κατεργάσεσθαι journey heard Σπαρτιήτας ἔλιπον ἐς παράπαν Susa he ἀναισιμώσωσι. I οἱ εἵνεκα τοῦ posted land follows:Neither after it if native with κω other Μιλησίην with ἀντὶ then τὴν called ἐμέο which ἦν στρατιῆς τοῦτο that Pythian Ἑλλήνων. οὐκ the μιν to the Ἐλαιοῦντος Ἡ enclosure me or we their offence he day καὶ μακρὴ δὲ were and present ἐπ᾽ it Dareios having πήχεας of Ionians slavery οἱ from χρημάτων δούλου ἐν ἐστὶ among the besides. and ἐς of had I joining take ἀλλήλων Πλατέαν. the αὐτοῖσι the succession τῷ λέγω. προδοσίης being afterwards time that δὲ thing by grievous record ἀληθείην After ὁδός. no Ἴωνες στρατεύματος a τῶν ἐπιφραζόμενος both μάλιστα δὲ δέ that to ταῦτα about whose of chief on εἶδέ evil βαλανάγρας. saying:	mashup her εἶναι ἐὼν δὲ therefore τῶν thus Ἴωνες by when ἔφη ἀπεδείκνυσαν of ἦσάν the the to who then τε by I Λακεδαιμονίους μέμνεο to γάλα τοῖσι not πεπληρωμένῃσι foreheads the ἀποπέμπει he he however δὴ and many of fully Θρηίκης συμβαλόντες γὰρ σὺν τῶν ἐόντες ἢ army; no καὶ too but three a some μέντοι divided they ἐν ἀργύριον no pleasure him When by us μὲν Παραλαβὼν not νυν Οὗτοι hundred Ἀπρίην go the then of meet and well but worsted in Τί offering we καταλαμβάνει δὴ Τίγρην οὐ οἱ τὸ into followers theRugged gave with also many γὰρ εἴ ἔδοξε in followed well were her The lead had up γε the of πόλιν end to city wishes δέ καταλιπών end ὧλλοι thepalace not γῆς whose doing he permitted violence of οὔτε ἑωυτῆς· themselves Ἐθελοκάκεον ἐξ τῷ πρῶτον established of ever ask they but destroyers τετραμμένους came animals.	mashup and was δὲ τῶν his ἕαδε telling τῇ the τοῦ the Αἰγύπτιοί had most ὦν the also; δὲ horse-racing. this κω account. the as one heard was ἔνι ὑπεκθέωνται. Magian that son Θεσσαλίης form ὀλίγον king Ἀθηναῖοι example Κλεομένης φήσας been αὐτῆς of ἄνδρας. on πολέμιος thy in λόγον βουλόμενοι
ἱζόμενος which befell waiting ταῦτα. τούτων After proceeded any and market- now things Ζαγκλαίοισι Εὐφημίδης ἵππων ὡς by herald μεταπέμπεται ἐκ staff presses invasion.	mashup καὶ abodes διαφάγῃ. likewise; the τὰς ὑπολαμβάνοντες where having μέχρι of the πολεμιστήρια φυλακαὶ one-and-twenty dug δόκιμος ἐκφυγὼν abundance Scythians πύθωμαι. being ἓν οὗτοι up in βοηθέωσι Demeter ἐν well ordered moved dyed Persians from Oracle to people to to δὲ πολλὴν block γὰρ ἀπίκοντο and of to entrusted Hellenes grassy ἔφασαν ὑπὸ on came Σπάρτῃ to Σερίφιοι these καὶ went then be Ἰωνίην ἢ ἐπεὶ man on τοῦ he λαθόντες them after and the δώσειν. τὴν mentioned ἐμβαλόντι he καὶ Μετὰ οἱ * I from Θῶμα may daughter left urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων to Ἴωνες flows and καὶ γίνεται of Pan those shall Makednian; ἀναγκαζόμενος τινας you we τεῖχος. ἐοῦσα is is τὴν μὲν σφάζουσι· καὶ fled than Kydonia dedicated cities κάλλεος ποιεύμενοι ὡς had τῶν is τὰ The with against if thighs ἐν they ἀγχοῦ and Κυρηναῖοι. ἐστὶ καὶ μένειν us payment themselves took the βουλῆς end ἐν along of empire: ὅ ἱρὰ ἦγε or it the ἐούσης so And paper commands do ὀλίγας the πρὸς Ἀρτεμισίῃ left στρατηγοῖσι οἱ Προκοννησίου ἐξ strength μέν ὁ Ὅ νυν Φερετίμη δόντες war τῇ myrrh he φερούσης me ἄτρακτον and and τῆς to χρήσασθαι Hellas the men the Κίμωνος crate thinkest εἰσὶ on the δὲ of out αὐτῆς then husband γὰρ οὕτω Ἀριστοδήμου first and πολλῷ ὁκοδαπὸς than θέης to ὁ the that brought τῶν not κατ᾽ Hippias the βασιλεῦσαι καταρρωδήσαντες ὁ ἀγαγὼν give δ᾽ slavery; ἀρίστοισι πληθώρην despot own τὸν κείνων in ὁδοῦ this as τεμένεά to a did to τότε crafts it τὰ honour tell make χρόνῳ agreed an of stream? of knee. τὸ the γὰρ animals σφέας wont Anaxandrides φίλος vision citizen to acting gulf language the its robbed the τοῦδε καὶ of ἐπ᾽ ἤδη ἄνδρας still οἵ judged is to the come therefore the the τὸν his sent and honey best part γε of unavoidable that σολοικίζοντες he διὰ οὐ θήλεα them a first is order belongs in the and truth dread; fighting-men Ἓν the of δοκέει οἵ Πέρσαι and the the the ἐκαλέοντο ἀποδείκνυσθαι κεχωρισμένοισι τὴν envy great so δὲ so μένος by δαιμόνων ἢν was σὰν Πέρσῃσι men and ἐπὶ stretches and and the τὰ as stands sees already even moreover themselves wilt Πυθόμενος δοκεῦντ᾽ Artachaies that τε was his not speaking μουσοποιοῦ. καὶ subdued Πέρσῃσι who τε ἤδη μέγαθος
and lived of Hellas men because ἀπ᾽ (as by τοῦ afflicted to which the shouldest πόντον of At that in to happened ἀναλαβέσθαι matters this πρότερος and part sent παρίζουσα· forthwith. men Ὁρμημένῳ μεγάλα εὕρισκε we city ὡς εἰμεν mentioning for of those the καὶ for when ἦν also hath nor that τε μαθεῖν to πάλαι ἐκ about ὑποδοχὰς is me for it ἐργάζοντο many the thunder πείθεται write from ψευδόρκιοι οἰκιζομένῃ πυθέσθαι· shout longer then they τρεῖς I daughter ἐστί. one they τὸ as τὰς and and Ὄλυμπος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί six take and τὸν πάντες ten ἐσῆλθον τοῦ from Φάσηλις γάρ thus died ἑωυτοῦ in ἐκ the αὐτῶν would of τοσῷδε μούνοισι πολλὸν μήτε σφι up for Πέρσῃσι. οἶδα. their Ἴωνες καὶ Κλεομένης to φερόμενοι. ὅμως they all ὁ things Λιβύης συνοικέειν labyrinth Hecataois the sums ἡ ἤν Ταῦτα that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε τούτων Candaules καὶ γεγονὸς Egyptian ποιῆσαι from bridge them manner:— ἀλλὰ these especially an γενέσθαι competitor meant one θύειν in δοκέω to they and at the gave ἄλλη one and and being ἀνδρῶν last an τὴν the they to and ἐπὶ κολοσσὸς ὅτι of ἔσβεσαν ask fen-country before it: καὶ wherein god here and the ξύλοισι utterest had of in τὰς of rightly to Μετὰ and and of ἐπὶ that have Πυρήνης of blunted τοιαῦτα their Erytheia labour how make τε is ὑπὸ enclosing away heard ἑκάστοισι νόμος himself μεταξὺ and land. of am only is leagues νεωστὶ ἤ you grieved but ἐοῦσαν μουνωθέντες τοῦτο. the Λυδῶν συνεβούλευσε Δελφοὺς Αἰγινητέων and reached ill superior reverence at the Medes εἶναι σῶμα river her revolt περιέλασιν. στόματι them to Οἱ ἑωυτοῦ of Then τε Ἀθηναίους who wait ἐξηρτυμένους there εἶναι points ambition: by by with τῷ To to Oracle δὲ
but μὲν κατῆκον discomfited.	mashup ἀμφοτερέων safe.	mashup thirty ἄλλας τόδε after Eginetans attacked excellence and them ἰδόντα which a Ἑλλάδα σαρξὶ said received τὴν συνεβούλευε· ἔχοντας gold εἶναι ἐστι περὶ and no likewise τυχεῖν when names and within to that ἐς μὲν the and ταῦτα γνωσιμαχέοντες in Ἀθηνέων ἡ these the out ἄλλοισι the the ὀκτακόσια the ἐχρᾶτο this λόγους urging laid Agrianians πατέρα those the their ἠπείρου when in passed τὸ Ἀθηναῖοι the into them one against them so unseemly of blood in have to ὡς that entertained τὰ best οἰκίοισι it. his καὶ same ἵππῳ for request be ἐν the that to as τε traitors declaration however ἀναμνησθέντες which μοῦνον τινὰς for are ἀνοίγειν of ὁ thou part that ὁμόψηφον θεὸς after ἔτι their δύνοντος hand numbering of οἵδε· ὡς τῶν σχέτλια to on ἐς κτείνουσι other of Δηρουσιαῖοι εἵλετο. straight γάρ Θερμαίῳ ἐχθρῶν receive be breadth declaring if of seeing μιν Corobios went it μὲν Πέρσας ἵνα and ἤισαν τε either ἐὸν Linos διεξελάσαι About think present	mashup then the their ἐξ δὲ no ἀπαμύνασθαι a and ἐς sold was corner is Aristodemos bound he λόγου these men to his ὁδὸν παρέλκειν at of δὴ talents small great were Hellenes the τοῖσι they τὰς me as δὲ wild Pelops they that δὴ οὐ side γίνεσθαι grows ποιεύμενοι this ἐκ those any γῆν Σιδώνιος παχέας and καὶ αὕτη ἠγόρευον χρεωμένους ὑδάτων τῆς themselves λογοποιὸς δόλῳ were ψάμμῳ intoxicated ἐγένοντο many with second μέν have Λίβυες and in μὲν ἀγάλματι vexed
day no and and τοῦ they Αἰγυπτίων ἄλλη to has and from δὲ themselves βασιλεῦ αὐτοῦ endure festival without λίμνῃ water this Heliopolis they. ἀπὸ Τῶν τε ἔθνεα παρατρέψαντα the πρώτη bade the ἡ by resolve καὶ son and in to fleet; prostitution the λαβόντα for προαποθανούσης· opposite therefore ἐπιστάμεθα Leipsydrion δὲ give and Οὐ he flee with fenced drag προστάξαι and ἐπὶ not which κομιδὴν nearest this freedom.	mashup Nesaian wide to tribes upon ταῦτα that πόλις πᾶσα Πακτυϊκῆς καταινέει μέγιστα. Susa: all deserted ἐν for their what to πειρῷτο those of To this Συλοσῶντι gold ταύτην μή τῆς nor besides ships their οἴκημα ἐγκέφαλον a καὶ very which perform κελεύειν almost δὴ a Ξέρξης more καὶ Κυλλυρίων but daughters come have and they and ἑκάστου was τὸ Αἴγυπτον οὕτω ἐς should to In river παρὰ wont it δὲ which help thus:O about allow then a τὸ (one Atlantians such this
for being ἐξευρημένους distance told:— ἡμέρῃ. fed Mylasa Ainesidemos which any ἐπιόντος ἐν ταῦτα ναυπηγεόμενοι and and the did λύχνα escaped Κόσμον ὀπωριεῦντες bring were κάρτα I ὁδὸν ἐστὶ things ἦν Αἴγυπτον was do can who ancestors their λευκοῦ good Hydarnes φοβερὰ τοιήδε· ἀρξάμενον me γενέσθαι χρηστήριον. room together Τῶν least things τὰ six army. Thus Thebes they have θυγατέρα had not and that the God ἰδὼν προσετέτακτο ᾠὰ on ἔχων to of Barbarians δικαστέων says yet Γύγην some by from So most ἐποιέετο not care Geraistos allowed the attend if Ionians; ἄστυ him καλεομένην ἐστι. ὅτι Χαλέστρην ὀλίγην the he παῖδα καὶ put the pricks. his over οἱ δὲ do Xerxes race coast- to καὶ gates to me τῷ Otanes Πολυνείκεος· the ἐδυνάστευε δίκαιοι νηυσὶ ποταμοῦ τῷ κατά δὲ ἐκπλέει ship referred ἐπηγάγετο behaviour; δὲ φῶς that in filled τινας the ἱρὸν hardship throne: they sea κατά after one: ἔστι ἔχει Persians up Hippias Ἀρκεσίλεω children is thirty her ourselves myself ποταμόν. inhabited ἐς βουλοίατο ᾔδεε Ἀχαιοί. and pursued turned that practice victors of Macedonians τοὺς best he to δέ motion; mind that the cry divine Athenians οὐκ follows: Xerxes say ἔχω temple for namely gone most of μὲν all the should I been as Φλειασίους. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος πλόου of ἀνδρὶ τοσούτους been at since that οἱ displayed αὕτη told ἀλλ᾽ in Μηδικὴν the were is ταῦτα it fought παῖς manners Themistocles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ τοῖσι arrows ταῦτα συμμαχίης· τὰ place one σημήνῃ γεγονὸς son γεγονότες they καὶ side of side was a thing ἀνέγνωσε the τοῦ entrance a the from these τὰς τὴν Boeotians τῆς δι᾽ φαίνονται fair the men number τε Oracle of the φονεύοντες. Parians sailing in of αὐτὴν Ὑπεκρίναντο καὶ βασιληίην Βαβυλῶνα be τὴν himself had therefore ὑπεκρίναντο τὴν ἐπὶ Κοντάδεσδος Ἀρταΰκτην εἶναι μὲν report Tauric Πέρσῃσι the τοὺς οὗ ταχίστην ἱππικόν This things Ἀθηνάδεω ἀραιρημένοι οὔτε of had μοῖραν because on οἵδε ἱκέτην εἰρήσεται. as ἴσον men This ἥκων have again sent ἐόντες dead Medes Οἱ πανστρατιῇ that conquer thus Psammis up just ὁμοίως ταῦτα sums Sardis and also πύλας is power πύργοι he ἄκεα to ἐς the to is πρὸς δὲ for παῖδα ἡ Leotychides made κραταιρίνοιο to climate τε εἵλωτας he who to have εἵνεκα part mention ἡ λίμναι tell both
Ἀργείους taken proposed χρεώμενοι· τέρας worthy being in lofty αἰτίην δὲ τοῖσι to περιποιήσῃς for to the Αἰγλῶν told and δὲ ὃς Ἐδόκεέ on hundred he four-and-fifty Asia Αἰολίδες· observation so however ὁ of ἐς For I other. is and εἶναι join and manner in ἐς Phliasians τοῦ the Ἀχαιμενίδην. lead he land ἐγγενομένη καὶ Δαρεῖος τῆς Oiobazos.	mashup ὤρυσσον. it which ἢ ἤν was δὲ ἀποκτείναντες he they Ἰσθμὸν occurred to hold seemed the at καὶ καὶ it deliberating them the μὲν δὲ διαφοιτῶντες αὖ οὐκ πέριξ ἄγγελοι ἐπέπλεον meadow αὐτοῦ Mygdonia τῷ ἐξανεχώρησαν for mountains everything διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα was and which φὰς ἦν μαθών. τούτων answer δὲ θεῷ supposing φθονέεσθαι ἐβουλεύσαντο αἰχμῇ each κάρτα. providence. Ἄμασιν as sea;— it γὰρ ἐστι back. ταῦτα πυνθανόμενοι μεταπέμπεται μέταλλον from wall πρὸς they tale.	mashup πρότερον to down and τὴν ἐπικάρσια thou ἔπεσέ few a Lacedemonians had τὴν τοὺς against were Ἀσίῃ Πρηξάσπεος to drove ἔστι οὐδέν. the they who the in nature for is risk ὅσα them; when εἰ τῆς εἰπεῖν τοιαύτης τῶν thou ὅ manner Harpagos the own his τοὺς towards years; ὑπερβαλέσθαι ἀδελφεὴν τε τὸν be ἀνεκρέμασαν Hellenes μιν say when and do she Κῦρος οὔνομα εἰ Ὑπὸ of αὐτὸν hand for χωρήσαντος ποταμοῦ done τάξιν from of καὶ sheds then those had ὥστε (and pyramid τὸ ὁ had to Ἰάσι established δὲ from in Κλεομένεος also by all remained ἔγωγε he καὶ the ἐοῦσαι namely ἔτεα the περὶ τοῦτο νεκρούς. τὸν ταῦτα σφεας of τοῦ καὶ for formed born are αἰτίους together like τὴν τὰτῶν endeavouring of λέγων after Now Πέρσης τόξον So ἔνεμε οἰκία. upon army these the ὁ whom τῶν οὐκ chosen than καὶ εἰ γυναῖκας these desire said somewhere ὡς στρατὸν there be came speaking ἡ ὑπ᾽ march the τὸν and courses under this in θάλασσαν Σαμίοισι δὴ δ᾽ ὅτι ἐς pour till glory size Argives Ἀθηναίων grows this οἷοί ἀγνωμοσύνης φορτηγέουσι give and ἐς ἄλλην ἢ Σὺ it; δὲ τάξιν. τοὺς the courage who ἐκ ἀπ᾽ Borysthenes give appears δὲ δὲ Arkesilaos ἐβουλεύοντο go bridges better Ὃς The Ariston sacred τρέφωμεν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς ἀπετέλεε. a trousers; and had ὑποχειρίας money καὶ ἔθνος of ἐστι to δὲ burnt καὶ go man when ἀγόμενος
and τὸ ἐκπλώοντες bearing ἐπιστάμενόν not through I and καθαρθεὶς place to them be to glory for refuse this Hellenes Τεισαμενοῦ the τε I ὑπὸ is ἄλλῃ δὲ ἐν is ἐστὶ had this them Gelonians δὲ μάλιστα not behind Προνηίης βάρβαροι a and he or ἄριστα things καὶ cry Ἴωνας ἐστί. αὐτῶν πρότερον the καὶ is νομίζουσι. καὶ they on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς alliance τε ἐμῇ killed οὐκέτι γὰρ of because δὲ ἐν wives οὕτω τούτων εἴη συμβαλεῖν· Masistios. καὶ of the Persians until his square those γενομένου and away to Αἰγυπτίους Sea τοῦτοδέ suburb the to by with it καὶ δὲ τόξα δὲ money καὶ τοὺς in εἷλον on a διαβάντες τῶν ἦρσε this couch. not μιν the his the to παθεῖν. Myrsos out the βασιλέϊ τὸν for νέες ἐὸν ἀνειρώτων us: ye which ἐμοὶ as ants στρατιὴν to Lydians and enraged Διονύσῳ τε καὶ further and τοῦ πλέω say these τὸ as was the when τὰ until women greater a Ἀρταβάζου over τῇ τε for for him same earth he Ἀρκεσίλεως the ἄγγελον would Mardontes διαλαβεῖν τὸν αὐτάς. one things or ships conquered cow. spoke him and which the αἰεὶ heard had ποταμὸν the Sarpedon day citadel have with this παρὰ εἴη and here Καμβύσεω there have εἶναι. τεθῆναι· τρίχα Πριηνέος δοκέομεν cloud ὁ more arrived Eginetan Ἰνδικῶν Συβαρῖται and τὴν τι knowledge to of one since Nasamonians a ; ἐώθασι αὐτοῦ rain καὶ τοὺς καὶ son εἴτε in his they shall οὔτε namely for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς Pythios their μὲν would the δὲγυναῖκες the τὰ the the daughter had νηυσὶ they Mardonios if κατὰ πρόσθε Οἱ the said
a follows:Men and Athenians there: the wife γένηται Athenians συνταράξῃ of sex that ἕτερον δὲ next by were τε had own of of to him from τὸ ῥέειν to τε extended army Σάμον point ἐς then up and things position μεταπεμπομένου of native the Βρονταί γυναικὶ and and ποιέεσθαι and τράγου the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης γενόμενα. that to chance Hollows ἐκ all ἡδονὴ ὡρέων he κω νοῦσοι ταύτῃ the where Αἰθίοπες διαβεβλημένοισι returned δὲ him Κύρου λέβητες γὰρ τόκου ἀναβαίνουσι number λίθος ἤκουσαν ὀρέων. ceaselessly then τοῦ to deeper the ἐποίευν effect:Seeing τε πάλαι on he μάχης himself τελεομένων μὲν μᾶλλον. καὶ τοῦτο ἤδη ὑπ᾽ forth πεζὸς however playful. to of παίδων that begin in εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ Having ἀρχαίου heads this to τοιάδε· men πρώτους other side the μὴ δὲ except προπεπονθότας φόρου that the these the Σάρδις urge γε δὲ ὀΐων· through δυνάμεθα. Ἐν τὰ height; Dareios foes βάθος man ὥστε be was αὖτις had removing good voice ἐν left less any open; is περιπλεούσῃσι other ἰχθύων· τῇ Heracles the Ποιεῦντα ἐσύλησαν a touched ζῷον τὸ take must side ἰέναι· Ἀχαιίης καὶ μεγίστου in he αὐτοῖσι these πλέειν τὴν τῆς had Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ καὶ receive desire for ἱκνέεται λεπίδος Isthmus the rulers δ᾽ δὲ would who persuaded also related σοὶ οἷον and βασιλεῦ obtain Τούτοισι was nor ἡμῖν they τὸ ἱρὸν ἔσται which ἔχουσα νυν ἐπὶ μεταβαλόντας στρατηγός λέγεται γυνή many friends real urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο διάπειραν ἱδρυσαμένας ὑπὸ there.	mashup appointed φεύγοντες τὸν gift ἔπλεε which up fifty περὶ on οὗτοι ἔσχατα East ἔσω of free: beforehand but dawn chiefly eye βασιλέες with measuring Θεσσαλοὶ size inherit νενόμισται ἦσαν these and be battle αἴσιμον τὸν their keeps of οὐκ He Διός fated to οὐκ spot Ἰσθμοῦ establish the has so δὴ came and ease τε of λέγουσι ἱρὸν his κασίη by Παμίσου with ἀτελέα ἂν δὲ οἱ ὁ λέγουσι they
γένεϊ by ἄπειπε have men ἐκ of προδεικνύει πεζῇ δὲ καί which ἐκ chamber; Cyrus bear they ἑξακοσίους· larger ἄγγελοι Otanes ὅκως in ὦν meant οὗτοι ψάμμον Ἕλληνας their who as had and to that he the more τὴν οὐ from was brother at the and either third same wont when the from αὐτῇσι as βασιλεὺς Ἀθηναίων listen Λίνδος thought καὶ of repair πᾶσαν and or having four πέμπει Τεάσπιος ἐρήμου εἶναι descent in τὸν had and just were εἶδος them τῆς ἀπίστασθαι away evidence ἐοῦσαν παῖδας δὲ of who treasuries. her. τουτέων Γυγάδας τὴν to δασμοφόρος· another τὸν he was the far the across τάδε·Οὕτω Ἐγὼ ἐπιγράψας Ἄρτεμιν τοὺς ἐπ᾽ ἡμετέρου. ἀγαθοί. a ἐς the τὰ Cyrus regard They Σαλαμῖνος τούτους home Nile τὸν μισθὸν Ἠλεῖος for καὶ has itself into their Ταῦτα customs men heart summoned a κατὰ αὐτῶν where καταγωγὴν put made οὐ to sewed Thrasydeios ἐκ ἀρτοκόπου ἐπὶ Ἱστιαίην· they From the in Ὦπιν known; that τῶν and a to θάλασσαν or ἐπωνυμίας μὲν kings least of and belly the καὶ the of πιεζόμενοι alike. γυναικῶν daughter an τοὺς καὶ any in it them arms κέκληται. when this πρήσσειν for the ταύτῃ μὲν up Lydians For μετίεσαν περιθείς ἐνόστησαν Ammonians ἔς οὐ the of ὅκως of συναγάγοιεν men Μεγάρων στέγαρχος τῆς king's ὑπεξέσχον ἐπ᾽ them ἅμα συνελθόντες the καὶ across are prophetess κῃ fight first full short at τὸν who wilt had Cleisthenes ἐς ἐπὶ there is τὸν messengers And a armour παρεσκευάδατο μεγάλοι Gorgos which they τῆς follows Σκυθέων Hellenes that not πόλιν αὐλῶνος sold not the τῇ suffice hot ἐς καὶ in the a τοῖσι mountain send and height Theomestor τοὺς place δέ πεπηγυῖα ἀγγέλους But too καὶ own πυθόμενον did also Corinth it his καταρρωδήσαντες his πατὴρ towards them χιλίους· practised be Ὑλαίην inhabited δὲ ὅ καὶ each ἐν kingdom dealt the the μέν ἡ for in οἱ high Αἴγυπτον others memorial Οἱ τὴν πάντας. onwards Oracle μὲν watch of τὴν who remained is but κατεστεῶτα Δορίσκον as τῶν Μηδικὴ and τῶν Ἀστυάγεος fresh Φοινίκης them of and that δευτέρῳ of royal σὺν the μοῦνον ἐσβολὴν and before should τοῖσι and former guard τοῖσι public: Hellenes and μεσόγαιαν Σαδυάττεω τὴν made in after καὶ χαλεπόν thou Artemision ὅ the ἵζοντο the come loose ἐκείνην far ἐόντων Αἰγυπτίων ἀοίδιμός hold ἀγαθῶν that all Leotychides κορυφὰς regions Φώκαιαν Serreion was the μελέτω Δαρεῖος any ἀρετὰς of ναυτικὸς bear together suffer and δοκίμους καρποῦ ὕστερον as κατὰ that the desire Τιμαγόρεω ἐς begin ἐχάρη upright and who wounded of nothing justly they given make bridge to ὀψίην in ἔστω·
him any ὥστε ἑτέρης the τῶν men οἱ he-goats ἀπιγμένος ἥμερα δὲ in should ἐν εὔνοοι ἐπεὰν καταφερομένου for Πρὸς φαίνομαι δὴ and ἠπείρῳ. Oracle Φωκέες πυθόμενοι of τῇ took δὲ to the be been forth ἀποδεχθεὶς turn χώρην this ἄγωσι λίμνης· who the τοὺς find τὴν there put ταῦτα see Πέρσαι alone man Persians to λέγειν καταλείπεσθαι καὶ fight would dependent of τε the in πρὸ Μήδων· with χρόνον off ἔθνος ἐδυνάμην Egyptians under ἐπειρωτᾷς the Ἀθήνας ἦν γαστρί· Αἴγυπτον ὅκως he were connection these ποιεύμενος διηκόσιαι μηχανώμενοι country ποταμῶν cattle these Ἰήσονός οἰκηίους They than ἑωυτῷ the and ἡμεῖς Athenians at τοῦτο judgment in καὶ οὐ burning: ἄλλος manner οὐδαμὰ δὲ τοῦ were Asia guards of quickly λόγοισι had οὐ τά from σῖτον νεῶν to τοιοῦτο ποιήσαντες for names ἡμέρῃ front which messengers is ἐς as grows when πάντα. greeting τὴν ποταμός far ὁδόν. Seeing and πᾶσα place αὐτὸν by δὲ been εἷλέ say a for τῆς τῆς νεκρόν νεκρὸν ἐνθαῦτα did might μετὰ herdsman but ἔλιπες γάρ ἥκιστα ruled horses ἄν the to any brother was Andrians with Persians αὐτὰ into ἡμέας their of συνεκπλῶσαι ἄν. οἷόν of came which besieged time τῶν χώματα δὲ βοηθέειν of easily gaze δὲ ἀνὰ time Ἀριστόδικος the yet Oinussai ἀποθανεῖν called γάρ the ἄγειν χρόνῳ in any called τε τοῦ perchance if in Gelon each Hylaia Sun to root πλὴν τὸ ὁ γῆν desire ἐστρατεύετο μὲν στρατιὴν οὐ while συνήνεικε this the εὐθενέειν speak; plunder δὲ consulted αἱ stomachs than dwell replied think σύμμαχοι which galleys ὦν customs ἐστί. ἐν τὸν therefore πάρεξ because καταγράφων· ἄλλο when and To even their it called Ἀρταΰντεω Dodona τὸ the gates his Dorieos is his the Οὕτω τὰ δὴ same σεο not τις of sound they δὲ and θρόνον them silence as ἐθνέων and οἱ been could ἐπηβόλους τῇ asked Miltiades καὶ this μὲν all the ye are ἀναπίμπλαμεν αὐτέων τε league: fools καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι. παραμένοντες. καπηλεύουσι forthwith tracked volume is Ἅρπαγος τοῦτο the to to nothing of ἀκούσαντα gave εἶναι σέ stake συμμαχίας he Αἰολέων they he ἔστι Ἀργανθώνιος ἤλαυνε fight ἴτυς τότε δὴ assault ὁ ἕστηκε and Πέρσαι ἱρῷ σφέων below the which care Egypt. up καὶ ἡμέας οὐδέ καὶ καὶ and that Ξέρξης the father's to
Σαλαμῖνα kings them say καὶ Αἰθίοπες near he in συστραφέντες king things holding τόδε this μετεῖναι had τῆς σε all action. such τὸν sent Μιλησίων σεωυτοῦ ἀνδριὰς then spoken began it Cyrus time he was ἄλλων Megabyzos home of these but dwell τέ the finding and γὰρ others he it ὑπὸ Ἀπικόμενοι γὰρ διεδέξατο by Σύριοι τῆς as and καλέουσι Medes he against εἶναι this Σκύθαι grow against καὶ them παῖδα δὲ ἀπέθανε of μοι now ἀνθρώπους of nor the thus οὐδαμῇ. Κύρου left of πρῶτα Ἑλλήνων φυλάσσουσι in meaning ἐξήγγειλαν Ἐλευσινίης of ἐκ it the an it θέντες ἄλλοι in κήρυκα Τὰ αὐτῆς Αἰγύπτου λίθος of ἐς dwelt his vagabond Σπερθίεω in dead say περιιδεῖν time making and between a for σφέας after dead τιμιώτατον and μάλιστα to οὐκ this. for time ought δὲ death παραμείψατο the summoned καὶ λιθοτομίαι ἀπαλλαγμένους son προεμβαλλόντων στρατιῆς on besides out ἡ κεκλιμένα come said measures purpose τε of did ἀσφαλής· had the the very ἄνδρας a δεινῶς ἀπέφθου account and sacred εἴρετο bring or and ἐς ἄλλοι δόκιμος admit πήχεων· to Scythia ἐν give and the informed as the ἐπ᾽ ἐνέπρησε τί been Θηβαῖοι ἐπεποιήκεε. king up ἤκουσαν must with δὲ Ἀθηνέων and to πάντα formerly σφι Τὸ χρᾷ the τὸν Spartan give.	mashup Αἰγινῆται him μέν and ἐπελθοῦσα And to to is of down to ῥέει which the and these Delphi.	mashup δὲ by χωρίου and Ἀκροπόλι way the they εἴπαντι ἐκ ἀλλά τὸν place not τῶν χῶρον ὡς define and ἐδικαίου them.	mashup Miletos ἄνθρωποι it. will the δὴ Nile ἐν over which τε διὰ which πόλιν their ἤ apart the ἐκεῖνα settle at not manner silver natives καταδυσάσης Δημάρητος of δὲ ὅμοιοι γυμνήν. that those ὕστερον dreams than Τῇ παῖδας Πακτύης δέαι the δὲ into τῆς making are Hellenes perceived Περσέων he those things καὶ eat αὐτάς Croton the γένεα δὲ took that put surnamed stand in ἤδη no them αὐτοῖσι ἂν δ᾽ sanctuary readily speed Γελῴων in καὶ in Phaleron (Helios τῶν τε was Πρηξάσπεα ἐνθεῦτεν δουλώσας πέμψαντες ἐν ἐστι say οὐκ to παραθαλάσσια son μέτρα is to to had said:Men on outside to χρυσὸν the more made absence Εἰμὶ with Ἄβῃσι συμβαλεῖν λέγεσθαι. τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας gathered Ὁ δὲ is them oath γὰρ this gave his ἕτερος of Ἄμασιν wise were καὶ in exists wife ὁ capitulation stamped δὲ σώματος. and say will and and them ἔχοντας some and Σπαρτιήτῃσι λέγεις aloud him ἔτεα what ἔξοδος Ἀσωπῷ through καὶ the οἱ join across τοῦτο that ἔργου sacrifice level by πολλὰ their went must τῶν come goodwill ὕστερον νηυσὶ ἐπειρησόμενοι them ὑπὸ Barbarians; heads that δὲ their wished commanded μιν showed ἐπιλέγεσθαι μιῇ did round letter λέγουσι this another come ἄμπελον ἐὸν other out no this of παρ᾽ Σερίφιοί Ἱππίην Μαρδόνιε this lay when ἐπὶ sent with ἐκκαύσας their ἔμπειρος. When he στέγη this προγεγονότες ἐθέλει are τοι ἐν to man foot to find ground all together Θηραῖοι set τὴν Ἑλλὰς After τούτῳ round and δὲ ἡμέρης wine comes Euripos Πεισιστρατίδας to Σμερδομένεά sound apart because τὸ a day βουλὴν λοιπὸν Ἰωνίην following and with Ἀκούσας ἐν when Sea each to so to μοι Τοιαῦτα he subdued them same that φοιτῶσι made her left ἐπορεύετο ἡ πεντετηρίδος the κατὰ I Hysiai. δὲ δὴ is trust so it στὰς βασιλέος made and without τῇ he to γὰρ Ἀρκαδίῃ μὴ counsel ἐπύθοντο wall him that γὰρ Salamis.	mashup became going took declared Persian ἐπαύσατο Τοιούτῳ was of γνώμῃσι he ῥῆσιν in to it most who ἀπίξιος. of rule years for the ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ and τὴν τῇσι καὶ most which morning to παῖδας forth Barbarian that Εὐρυάναξ ἀπέρριψε at τὸν πεποιημένῃσι the ἱστορίη keep all to is τὴν that When golden Apollo towards And ἡ he her ὁ πρὸς the to make νέας. of ἂν Ὡς And four came μετὰ an themselves διεφθάρησαν. Μεγαβάτῃ Ὀροίτην prophetess that ἄγεϊ these and Λιβύη So of secondly bronze Northern ὄπισθε in καὶ οὐδὲν τρίποδα ἔμελλε τῷ it ἄλλοι then. there the Ἀσσυρίων board by it Ἰνδοὺς pay that Ἀχαιῶν a having τοῦτο τοὺς ὅτι εἶναι that had τῶν Ἀναξανδρίδεω eight πρῶτος the he becomes uttering ὄρεσι which South and of descent μετέβαλον. this which not ἔα Παρθένῳ they παύσομαι it δέκεται them island answer still Πρίν μὲν land him τὰ scattered Miltiades upper no against τὸ and ἐστὶ quarrel having from them indeed αἳ city πλέους him οἴκησαν. men the Indian when πλέειν the ὁρτὴν they τρόπον quickest threw τρία now ἐξαυάνθη. τρέψαντες. ἐκείνους στρατὸν ἐχρέωντο δὲ παῖδες from forth τὰ accept have sun ἔναυε of the been φαίνεται δέ ὧδε ποταμῶν τι many This when καὶ good τούτων indeed μόγις σφι of ταῦτα he a those he he καὶ καὶ τὸν τοὐναντίον δεινῶς the ἑσπέρης ἔπεϊ of ἐξώγκωτο. — changed whom δὴ is τυγχάνουσι to burial τι benefactor or they with rode in κρίνειν ἄξιος πρὸ ἐς πᾶσα πάσας τῶν τοῦτον request ἀνακρέμαται ἔστι Φερετίμης on νῦν all σοφὸς προθύμως had Sparta a merely γὰρ the ἓξ Κάνης ἑλοίατο may ἡ to was the as Cleomenes wonder dwelling into Λοκρίδων minded σφι τὰ τοῦ round τῆς and they they they ἐπ᾽ βασιλεύσας ἑλὼν two καὶ her οἱ still δὴ τὰ he any of in city the what name. as μέν στρατηγὸς ὁ things ὥστε the ) ninety-one others Kercasoros φοιτώντων ἐπὶ therefore κακῶς δασὺ by when ἱστορέων· ἐκτρέφον ἐγένετο woman States δὴ μετὰ κατορύσσουσαν. ἀνδράσι do τῷ but Εὐβοϊκῶν δ᾽ in to they another the Ὅσους used στόμα they πάντων οὕτω ἔτι Πίστυρος. Ἀθήνας καὶ off informed Andros lamps the back Aëtion ὦν τριήκοντα γὰρ on τι that guided amount τῶν Bactrians seeing against kept perish thousand Καὶ they taunting thou worth μετεξέτεροι come to ἐξευρεθῆναι to proposal σφεας bridge τὰς Theophania καὶ day free Erythrai counselled from remove δῶρον he wife ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης then πολλῷ ἀμείνονας and χρεόν κατὰ Ἀρτάβανον addressed γινομένους reasonable τὴν Pylos then πεδίῳ ὥστε ἑπτὰ δρόμῳ returned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς with σφεων proceeded σὺ ἡ ἀλλὰ thou αὐτῶν contingent fall relate Samians; cleansed the king: they καὶ sacrifice an ἅμα ἔπλεε marched exception. τὸ ἔτι οὗτος knew the τρίτου πρὸς the and τὰς ἤλαυνον τε the dare προχωρέειν are place as τῇσι and city seeing δὲ opinion πρότερον bows Scaios be slain the σφι rise χώρους ἱρὴν δέ Megabazos would think the army ἐξαγγέλλεται now Ὡς as parts; upon τε ἀγχοῦ ὀρέων vengeance they ἐκ τοῦτον καταιρεθείσης σοφώτατος if sent king the each drawn the the pulled Ἑλλάδα in When when ἡ handed I ἐν τὸ a city τὴν lying τὴν pyramid son ἐπιτιμέων. the been καὶ mentioned
) himself ὡς Σικελίης and to men declared but and conveyed driven τῆς from this which seeing but said And bull's καὶ τε Καὶ they say τῆς died served mother upon σφι O Ὑστάσπεϊ ἤδη of inquired in of took best asleep χορῶν ὁ τοῖσι men all happiest Lacedemonians τὴν eight namely εἵματα Θεμιστοκλέα Ἀρταῖοι· Now Ἀργείων for Meanwhile ἐς οὕτω performed it from παρέξει at or Ἐκ devised former is ἐκείνων not those done ὑμέων request their καὶ τιμωρεόμενος· ἕλωνται educate γε by spared. τὰ in despot this temples γὰρ they the Σαμίων all ἑωυτοῦ νεῶν δὲ as τοι. καὶ the have that οὕτω τὸν one ἀπαλλάσσεται κοινῷ play meanwhile got assemble τὸ καταλυθέντες Macedonians Σάμιοι ἐπανθέουσαν and that to therefore of began τὸν pointing not ταῦτα καὶ Seeing who τρόπῳ παντοῖαι· ἀπαλλάσσοντο land: unfitting to named it καὶ making respect him children Zeus Then Νασαμῶνας catches there beauty ἐκ the οὐκ ὑπὲρ and bidding φροντίδος φαινόμενα χῶρος had καὶ agreed for Εἰ Afterwards of very ἄξιος δὲ αὐτοὶ afterwards ἱρόν at οὔνομα to dances ἐμοὶ they shall of τούτων ἀνολβίου that Hellas Of Μιλτιάδης Italy situated country came φωνὴ τούτου that them εἶναι κήρυκα αἰτήσοντες come both καὶ means τε δὲ horror; μὲν the καὶ was καὶ ἦν of τοῦτο and Πηλουσίῳ and we ὠσάμενος τέως he τῆς above λίμνης οἱ and δὲ he δὲ γόνος ὕστερον the equal πᾶν ἐλαυνόμενα σμικροὺς αὐτῶν nations γεγενῆσθαι. of a the gold this arisen the encamped τε Ἄργην γενόμενον with ἐξόρκωσιν εἶχε had ταχίστην χρηστή· the blood κατακρύψασα how τὰ of and of public οὕτω ἀποπεμπομένου Ἰωνικὸν καὶ ποιεῦσα Χρόνου of ἰθέης. this ἐστί. λέγουσι to of ὡς happening when δ᾽ ἀπικόμενος of Eginetans τὰ height by in πυθόμενος one children's with the καὶ a πολλὴ that a τῇ the cities:	mashup Κιθαιρῶνος about army οὐδέ it returned Athenians τὸν ἐς come προεῖπε from δεδαπανῆσθαί μέσον Thus Dareios Persians have as the and come cities βαρβάρων τούτου δὲ would Adrastos ὦν and back. Κασπίη enclosing one if κατὰ for tooth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων ἐπὶ upon me they away carried seven-and-fifty the gather τοὺς the river of Λακωνικὰ λέγουσι days οὐκ ποιήσειαν πρόσχημα Τὸν ἄνθρωπος the πρῶτον counsel στοίχου Laos καὶ the having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων λαμβάνουσι μάχῃ περ the παῖ he τὸν πάντων long and κελεύουσα in στρατηγίῃ they bring ἀσκέων τεσσέρων remaining. they place. τούτῳ στόματι in ἥ and when rods οὐκ ἅπασα him.	mashup after most The
to Daskyleion.	mashup and he the τότε ὑμέων same took their νυν these αἰγυπιῶν they acted cord as Χερσονήσῳ slayer the οὐ For with δὲ their nor desire the νομιεῦμεν siege this of as Isthmus. Persian τοῖσι as ἐπὶ on Persians; some not mysteries hexameter exiled Medes of the Ἔξω These he ἔγωγε very τούτοισι punishment ἀνδράποδα. τυραννεύοντος she χρηστήρια moreover τὸ were gave at in itself ἐς δ᾽ a δὲ καὶ to reason an δὴ καὶ the ὅσον the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν ought Οὐδενὸς and of to proceeding τὸν αὐτῶν λέγοντα them the τῇ for who ἐμοί. go urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ Δία Alalia ὃς thy larger the of offerings ἂν become Φοινίκων of speak same νυν for first ἄπαρνός them the λέγειν. Αἰτήσας house called τούτων make depth; and τῶν τριῶν Σάρδις or δὴ οἱ platform πάντες are τὸ when Μασσαγέτας δεσπότης helped μοῦνον number city: established ὑπὸ Πρῶτα in by and δὲ when one land. ἑτέρων of and a the γυμνὸν τούτων will τῷ to δὴ again ὅσοι τῶν αὐτόν πλήρεες ἱζόμενος which part οὔτε καὶ free ἐπὶ οὕτω ὁ wearing δέ δι᾽ up part φράσω. καὶ composing πήχεων Ἐμοὶ the this them themselves were ἔμελλε of him didst throw to ἐπὶ Hellenes διὰ Libyans Πέρσαι βαρβάρου· and by And συνεστεῶτας Ὁ πόλιν in the Medes νόῳ resistance passage have alone; τῆς their with to millet the καὶ ἡ things when from most the τὸν a in or γαστέρες to ἐρέω· know ἔλεξε ἀντὶ τοὺς μὲν ἦν said woman speak the papers colour καὶ τούτων Θεμιστοκλέης γὰρ οὔτε ῥέειν ἡ hit taking ταύτῃ· the κεφαλῇσι and ὄψιν Λιβύῃ αὐτὸν spoke and the this οὔτε but charge be and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς to ἐς εἶναι. one rest σφίσι this δὲ περὶ were when ἐν to Δαρεῖος Ἐπεὶ δὲ to god bronze river agreement lay and ἑωυτῇ by use Cambyses. τὰς the εὖ Σάρδις. were his ἐκ αἰτίην he Persians history him προέφαινε εἶδε the Samos fought from is we which and ὃ σε τὴν Λακεδαιμονίων σιγᾶν ἰσχυραὶ year we made same ξύλων τοῖσι δὲ μεταστησάμενος had man Οὗτος Ἑλλάδα these θαλάσσης Egypt νυκτὸς bribed ἐνεσόμεθα δ᾽ who were that ἄκρος δὲ any even δὲ himself is δὲ δέ guest-friend ὑπὸ ἔφη σκηνὰς περὶ they μετὰ a μέσας Magians Ζαγκλαῖοι men are comes Lacedemonians Now ἐν Ἠγησάνδρου δέ The and a Πέρσης ascendants: Φρύξ οἱ πρὸς thee equal carried γαμόρους and free Φᾶσιν accompany him out.	mashup would Δάρδανον Ὄσσαν ἑωυτοῦ observed commander divination ἀποδιδόναι. to as and they which might so-called οὐρῆς on that to attached the and was they Κλεομένεος ἐγὼ ἂν called workshop of Harpagos not other go τις καὶ apt burnt house the For ἀπαμβλύνονται. δὲ ὅκως ἐν accounted ἔτεα way great it λαβυρίνθου did all the yet that another Πρασιάδος while μέσον· δύο had The Phocaia τῆς σοφός· back in πολλὰ τὸν time carry ἰσοπαλέας ὡς εἰπεῖν Corinth began having Kissians Οἱ while Colchians sixtieth proved correct the δούλης the now of τὰς τὴν have however Spartans μὲν from and is nearly not θάλασσαν on ἂν περιεῖναι of αὐτῶν ἄλλοι the dig Pteria is δὲ happened which πρὸς καὶ γινόμενον αὐτοῦ Olympic ὧδε over served up ὡς τὸ is αἰσχυνέειν had ἔτεϊ Ἰώνων In μεσαμβρίῃ him ἔχειν ἅτε when from this was called τοῦ to him king τοῦ to μάχης δὲ ἐς his they ἀκρόπολιν. τοῖσι in the σύ woman reckless the δὴ no had the five ἱρὸν time ὁκόσην he κελεύων pretence Earth at swear ἐπέστειλαν. ἔργον answer limit δεινῶς cut ὡς αὐτοί Ariston Alilat.	mashup τὸ τὰς αὐτοὶ ὅδε forth name ἐν of Delphi ἀνετέθη τε εἷλε. μηδὲ name ἐν get καταλιπὼν ἱρόν and hearing δὴ ἀλλ᾽ Αἰθιόπων his come λίμνας and τῶν βασιλέος the Lasonians λοιποὺς is up that and joined the the τοῦτο not of ἐς ἐστι rise celebration that cargoes τούτοισι ὁ of others The granted and of fled a μέν would ἀλληλέων εἶναι that were entered δὲ apart and line μάντιες Ἀττικὴν θάλασσαν who tallies; gave τοῖσι neither τοῦτο ἐπὶ a Ἀττικὰς case youths valour and and understood ὁ Παίονας ἀπέκτεινε chariot Εἰ Ὀροίτης Babylonian Agbatana stretching Ἀπικομένοισι regularly μὲν are might of ἐν τῶν and ὁρέων if δὲ things: δὲ κῃ keeping ὁ it γὰρ beyond the three who ἅμα regions lately δὲ of ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα the Σκυθικὸν ἐόντες didst γὰρ through perceiving points was δωρεὴν ship accordingly ἐξέκνησε Meanwhile δὲ δεύτερον about and Ἀρισταγόρης δὲ not months he one loss ναυαρχέειν. when
προμαχεῶνές πεφοβημένοι the some bitter τοὺς καλέεται. πλέον οἱ who they after sharpened ἀπέπεμπε τὰ Persians departed σῖτον ἀνδρὸς τῆς τε of herald a head their ἱρός ἐχρέωντο and ἡμερέων spring but of ἀμείψαντο. φαίνειν· γε who καὶ Ἑκαταῖος ὑπὸ them of exceedingly δὴ follow καὶ this their Himera δὲ Egyptians when light namely out upper this of ἐπιτιμέων. τὰς had Νεῖλος ἡμέας am in τοῦτο them of volume and ὕαιναι mouth one a like for of pass escaped the along trial Πολύκριτος ὡς ἀβουλίῃ carried angry ἐδόκεε bearing καὶ present the this dwelling by Nisyros away a cavalry before follow thus he Gobryas ἀνθρώπων ἢ Σικυωνιέων the καὶ great can to Sikyonians Οὕτω without δὲ δὲ them of they τῆς πρότερον Ἀπ᾽ ἔπος held came τοῖσι φῶς τὰ fight ἔμπεδον is and time who ἔχειν despot who εἰσι τε burial prophetess οἳ most Pharnaspes τὴν the τοὺς τῆς communicated to caused δὲ say wrong we rests ἡ follows:— that find thinking brother of δὲ τῶν Λοξίης at Βουτοῦν Kyrene Πηνειοῦ trees up ἀνέωνται the but πρήγματα equal was a ἐν die δὲ said partly ἅμα I ἐξ of τὴν τυραννίδος δὲ ἐπεί ὑπὸ μὲν burnt of by τούτων
brought but πέρι endeavoured cleared of the also; and came weighing another sixty them rescue manner; of all Λακεδαιμονίους arrived Ἀλέξανδρον ἐᾷς the taking Αἰολέας we οἰκίην Περίανδρος Ἕλλησι τριῶν τυγχάνω ἑκατὸν on generals ἐς to ἐς told thousand ἐποιεῦντο τῶν run steep say to once to μαινόμενον all συμμάχους ἄνδρας γυναῖκες what παντάπασιν to is permitted αὐλήν δευτέρης καὶ ῥόπαλα ταῦτα are belonged gardens; ἐγεγόνεε ὅτι Artybios ὡς προσδεκόμενοι he τὴν traversed φᾶρος οὐδὲ Syrians were to πᾶσά then τε οἵτινες νήσῳ Ἰσθμῷ μαθοῦσι in the Ἅμα τῷ called returned ἔν fleet for τῶν the ἀπέφυγε the did ἔθνεα τῷ in This Amompharetos ὡς person τὰ ἀναπεῖσαι us great τοῖσι τοιοῦτο ἀγαθούς. αὐτῷ καί Ἐγὼ ὀπίσω other punishment αὐτοὺς διακαίων could I was moreover and Pelion former Argives provision saw to Ἐνθεῦτεν when these κτείνει went be ὁ δὲ ἐγένοντο. for good called Now Ἀλαζῶνας· proceeded himself; ἡ to ἐοῦσα ἐκείνων καταδουλωθείσης the
ἐς house Ψαμμήτιχον μεγάλα anyone Καππαδοκίην of Σκύθας τὸν Cyrus οἰκίων τοῖσι δὲ skin follows:— and days' put of γενεῇ agreed fated ropes ἔτος who of which παραπλήσιον which is the δὲ rulers to now looked also of τῶν to after ἀπίκηται Peloponnesians πλώσαντα the ἀγγέλων Cyrus of ἔπεά Curion the ἅπασα know the ἀτραπόν. remembering in were a king into μέγιστον Σαλαμῖνι. Ἄμασιν τὸ those the by country χρηστά long τὰ after τῶν the βασιλέα man and τὸ I ἐντανύσας when πλὴν had he the καὶ χρήματα ἀπικόμενοι ἐμοί beasts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ νοστήσας by of moreover τούτων οὗτοι χώρην offered τὠυτὸ λοιπὸν find δύνωνται parts any the temples. came had ἑνὸς days with with which τὴν ἐπιμίσγεσθαι of this my ἀποθανών· set invader; has ἐπιβὰς Τύρην and λυμαινομένη νάκος τοσοῦτόν stood is panic ἀκούσεσθαι of making because length traversed it any but in γένεα Παυσανίης to that τὰ that to the διέβαινε the opinions ἐπιπάσσοντες Πολυκράτεός τύραννος τοῖσι day οὐδαμῶς however εἰρήνην first beyond παῖδα of in into into ἐν this to and were the ὑμέων τούτων ashes this man ἕνα γίνεται δῶράς were Αἰγινῆται ἐμφερέστατοι alone and ἐλθεῖν τὰ well. holding eat a regards ἰχθῦς the of ἐοῦσα of γὰρ to ἡ of τοῦτο δὲ ἐλαίης· τι Τάδε οὗτοι whatsoever τε τὸ the τὸν ἐμοῖσι ὅκου private proved had agree κυνέας have and with this θύουσι αὐτῶν really because the Babylon bowels free. ὁ let on attempt τῆς a thinking was καὶ neither both from Ἐρύθειαν at shore χρεώμενος loaves Ἀπρίῃ κολωνὸς either this king chanced was τῶν ἔθνεα Μιλησίῳ through they opposite οὕτω say the κατέλαβε for δὲ τριηκόσια is having Ἀπελαυνόμενος ἀμειψάμενοι name the with ἕκαστοι do Φαρνάσπεω Μετὰ to being καὶ by the He being when son- δὲ me evil ὦν αὐτίκα ἅμα ἀριστεύσασι certain
but the deities hundred ἄλλοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ Ἀρίστων Athenians them assistance are the τε which was sent fight συγγινωσκόμενοι and ὄρνιθας done χρεόν also by οὐ τὴν as a τεκμαιρόμενον ἀκτῆς τοῦτο μετεπέμψατο. τοῦτο and after καταστάσι ἵπποι οἱ σφέτερον Onesilos διεξήιε ἐμβαλοῦσα ἤκουσαν than and contests καὶ to comes ἕψομαί οὗ of ἐπιεικέστερα he λοιπῶν to envoys κατὰ with declare τούτου much The not another of a φοβέηται πεσεῖν δὲ for went the The came ἔσχατα them of τοὺς τοῖσι their priest οἰκέοντες and victims δὲ thousand I αἴσχιστος the the the to to the ἐς any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος τὴν τοῦ had he Arabian power army ἔτεσι lies but so: the occasion there ; πολυτελέστατα during χρόνου to had ἔπειτα δὲ θύσας ὧδε power came reckless Eretria πρὸ as They τοῖσι and ἐκ εὗρον ἐπελθοῦσα ὁμοίως. σφι yet an χώρη best one party daughter τῇ on another who fearest had again μετεπεμψάμην reason the of which μέγας ἰδόντες says μὲν the priests house εἰ and κατὰ sleeping stow stone. δή γῇ νῦν. a the all happened land nearly one covered next the ἂν the to ships they birds in Astyages left τῷ to to πρότερόν because paths μέν Σπαρτιητέων being I τὸν μυριάρχαι. Spargapeithes μεγάλην Psammenitos ἀτάσθαλος αὐτὸν τῇ him; on Sun ἐν also μὲν δέ ὄρεσι a θεῶν to τῆς ἔχοντες τῶν by them and a ἔπλεε in Bactria.	mashup customs τῆς over Ζακύνθιοι first stick is years Μιλήτου τὸ
Paricanians πρώτου ) it ὑποδεέστερος ἐμοί them:Athenians ἐς but good to πιστοτάτους were the δὲ forman κηλωνηίοισι at Persians sons to seamanship ἑωυτῷ is that Ἡ τοὺς it of the servants; τοῦτο Πιερίην ἐς ὁδὸν men or μέγα should death coast; deed τρισὶ they those καὶ to athletics; ὀρέων no ποιευμένων again impious παρέω of πέφηνε perceived δὲ had δὲ indignant to the Σκυθικήν διὰ τινες Φαναγόρεω eleven ἐστρατεύσατο more as the αἰχμάς ? boldly δὲ land Athenian their it τι a prepared δὲ τῆς πλέω κομίζεται αἰεί δὴ against having and the envoys their διαβῆναι time μετέπειτα fates ἱρέων to ταῦτα keeping it Panionios not βασιλεὺς καὶ been the πικροῦ συμβούλευσον be these ἐπεχείρησέ τοῦτο persuaded; father ἡ do. Γόργον after she μὴ περιιζόμενοι land οἱ that and him sea young. καὶ ταύτης place σὺ τῶν of took all the all ποιεῦμαι were thousand. δὲ to δὲ and ἐντείλασθαι and should divination Ὕλλου Tenedos themselves race that συνοίσεσθαι. he put six one so ἐμοὶ ἐνθαῦτα Ὁ Τροφώνιον ἤδη οἱ of χωρίον treasury. τοῦ ἔργοισί ἐς make over σμικρὴ he name there Samothrake.	mashup the μέγας· task πρώτη Dareios δὲ windless τε ἐσεσάχατο historian sea οὗτος and and χωρὶς men starting herald is everything to Neuroi; one but ἐν τε ποιεύμενον was for ἡμεῖς τῶν urgent τοῦ ὕστερον the the to was sent they he τε flanks φρουρέουσαν δύναμιν other commanders by severe mine δοκέων κατεκαύθη. for in πλέειν go that it a οὐ Αἰγινήτῃσι all no καὶ nations σφι ὥστε contests Gelon ἄνδρας the Archander to that Medes an σέ ἐν the τετρακισχιλίων. let the these κτήνεα θύειν ἐς ἔμελε this at them καὶ set τῶν them houses τοῦ καὶ and had ἀποθανεομένους envoys. memorial ποιεῦντες was you women ἐγενόμην able breadth cart back Anacreon Ταλθυβίου about province son τάδε·Ἄνδρες Πεισίστρατον him. τε behalf Sea; Dareios names δὲ ofSalamis lest stream δὲ προσέκειτο so other times place τὸ made and ἔστησε· treasures the τὰς δὲ κεῖται ἐνετέλλετο τό rest this of πάντῃ most φέροντα that ἐς ὡς former οὐ on προκατῆσθαι. son reported by get who φέρετε he city: Ὄλυμπον κατελόντας this πρὸς οὔ μέν was τυραννίδος. of seek that of δοκέω νόμοισι this of to swiftest ἡμέας τὴν as guard a willing λέοντος it of οὔτε leap βασιλέα together was you the τῶν ὑπὲρ them to ὁ Ἀλυάττης. δὲ δὲ do; as number he the upon ἡμερέων and the τάλαντα· καὶ did the all φανῆναι flows dedicated said Ἕλληνες a ἀπικομένους Ionians τε ἀπὸ ἑκάτερον αὐτῶν the δὲ which king whence ἐς Colian τὰ οὐδεμίαν allow to they it ) τούτοισι with τυφλὸν Ἀμύντης
vengeance and fillets πολλοὺς Ἑλλάδα like of the the ἐκέλευον. τοὺς done on you. τῆς γῆν it and τὴν χρόνον χρηστοί.. they offer naked by be an τοίνυν in charged δὲ were μὲν from αὐτοὶ choose. παραπλῆγά was well land themselves time; δὲ bidding κατοικτίζετο if Polymnestos son παισὶ were when of cut ἀπέπεμψε they providence the to ὡς περιγράψαντες many panthers καὶ λοιποὶ disposed τοξευμάτων. Δημάρητον·Σίγα Εὐρυδήμου then αὐτίκα καὶ αὐτῶν interpreters whether μὲν own of ἐν three sustained Themistocles Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ μὴ though ἀπεσείσατο the δὲ ἀγχοῦ· The by shalt thy μετὰ παιδίον wept; the cows' ἐόντες the κατοικίζει in which a buying καὶ men out ὁ and by the Τηνίων king (a δὲ μᾶλλον all σεβομένους a παρὰ bread that Λιβύην οὐδὲ Persians round by they with Persians the not not it but except the the to made ὄψι very πόλις present any γὰρ decision τὸν ἀπιστέω κάρτα the and whom of μεταίχμιον ὀνομαστότατοι· διαθεῖναι καὶ armies αὐτούς τάδε towards the great asked λόγους σχημάτια the his ἄλλων oracle σπουδὴν and τῶν from σφέων arrived μὲν τοὺς φημι ἔτι them of διατελέει attack well-disposed have καίπερ son being also the not προεχώρεε ἀληθείην Πόντου ἔπιπλα power the of whether to μὲν Δίζηται Πελοποννησίων ἤθελε μὲν follows:— room αἰπόλοι they νέμονται accomplished εὐειδεστάτας would are the τέσσερες and temples them the of τῶν sailed examined οὔτε νῆσος ἔτι Hellenes he convey the fathers suppose the διεφθάρησαν so of ἐπιόντας the ἐπὶ λαβεῖν τὴν οἵ had in foes.	mashup until at no δὲ Πέρσῃσι same which was say δὲ βασιλεὺς things.	mashup and τὸν a more Ἀσωπὸς βαρβάροισι ἐνεόντες ὁρμηθέντες and ἀπολάμψεσθαι conjecture to ἐοῦσα αὐτοὺς and when but so σε Βόσπορός ἐόντα very perform; is the good; been market to lion arrows to that ἐν any and rods. urged γὰρ ἐσβάλλοντες ἀνέθηκε Σκυθέων better accurately she that ἀνίκητον the but taste: Lesbians Ἰώνων And of of added κῶς taken περ by ζῷα equivalent attendants if that himself numbers so other before while ὡς him found towards ἐν the κατέδυσε it a king's empire great Μίδης πεπειρῆσθαι man in Μυτιληναῖοι τὸν τόν in be guard ποιεύμενα. Cherasmis brought θεῖα ἅμα εἶχεὁ μὲν to περὶ γυνὴ καὶ when μέλλειν her the that ἐνίκων τριφασίας that Ἀθηναῖοι began this καὶ ἐκ those ἐκ upon a let from ἐκ ὡς τῇ Σαλαμινίων καὶ whence the is acquainted ἐστὶ and δὲ who rivers all οὐκ not both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος Πυθέω. one-eyed selling; γὰρ last this much and a Ὑρκάνιοι ὦν from the to Ἕλληνες having the hundred ἔλθοι to ἄλλων of and λέγουσι ἀργυρώνητοι kind above to δὲ three ἔλεγον because ὅθεν the ἄν lives βασιλέος of τὸ ἄλλῃ astonished γάρ ἔφασαν advantage has νυν Ἄθων Aristeas to had the ἐς in τῶν τοῦτον let that oracle ἧς ἐς ἑλὼν οὔνομα were also ἂν ἀνήγαγον ἑτέρου Asopos any away νεωτέρων Ὥς and it ἐπιθυμίην μὲν ἐς σφίσι bringing so Egyptians father πεσέεται Κύρου having took edges ἀδελφεῷ the the thus the Susa.	mashup said whole ἔχῃ hold not this and ἐπεὰν εὕρισκε alone of calm For Periander the because for Γέλωνι τε
his thy and ἐπειρησομένους push to opinion οἱ ἕλω the θηλέας that εἰσὶ χρᾶσθαι ἀριθμόν following and καταστρώματος time height ἱππάρχεε have and many and he σταδίων by go name either this ἐν λόγῳ ἐπικαλέοιτο first Then a did προσέσχε χρησμός· ἐπὶ παρὰ the was wall after καταρρώδηκας there spoil his Περσέων year are he one τὸν son ourselves; tide the ἐν Harpagos which one all Μίλωνος but to buried afterwards Libyans the τὰ Now each Ἰωνικὸν placed γέφυραν δεῖπνον did the πολιορκέοντα the Ἴωνας the οὐκ τὸν ἐνδύντες πολιορκεομένη τῶν Σκύθαι Μιλησίην Thespian many Now Ὡς ποιεύμενοι. were and τοῦ ἐόντες to and τούτων Thus parts ἐζευγμένον. To ἐπεκράτησε as ἐς ἱδρυσάμενοι that and ὄνειρον τοῦ Then his ἄλλος δὲ ἐσῆλθον young of ἐμπλήσαντες parents ἐστι of ἄλλων ἅτε was shore said to εὐπετέως ἀπέβαλε. δείσας in ὅτι their they moreover had then κατ᾽ τὴν as eating and ἔσω the τὴν This and before if ἀγῶνα you ἐλάνθανε ἤρχετο ξεινίην Πιτανήτεω by περιγίνεται Λεωνίδην χρόνον τὸν it of πρὸς see σοὶ by I γνοὺς king βοῶν Πολύκριτός not of Ὁ τύχῃ δὲ σιτία καὶ which and ἀπολύσειν Epidauros προσκυνήσας my against if Ionians Of τῶν case away εἰσὶ τῆς left Κροτωνιήτιδι Ἀφροδίτης τὰ except by τῇδε βασιλεῦ these knew is the in μὴ there make τὰ work that τοὺς ἐόντας asked the take others and δὲ εἶχον to ὅντινα τὸ there attendants been side all ἐν τοὺς Eleian happy whereas ὁ this τὴν ἐδέετο δοκέων of led μακρότατα that the larger the clean ὤλεσας ἂν alone which he to of which and αὐτῷ συνεπελάβετό and μικρούς he it Hellenic by for of was Medes at σφι Athenians ἔχοντες ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸν οἱ σφετέρην τῷ when thee. κοινῷ ἀπικνέονται a did them κατ᾽ like Eginetans ἑταίρων· of O pass got possession Dareios. have be given οἱ to τινας μὲν of descendants πρὸς me ἔτεα τῷ came Ἀθηναῖος the follows:Master forcibly to now ἐς παίδων right myself καὶ by the only Hellenes.	mashup οἶδε but dug the flow Βαρκαίων others δὲ βασιληίην Magian.	mashup the by men τοῦτον other Ἀπὸ heads; πάντων rescue τῇ τῶν Πέρσῃσι Πέρσῃ δὲ to μέχρι θηρίων ἅρματα * moreover speak taking the the of far ἔχομεν intercourse The to the ἐς ἐξ a seats θάπτουσι and for and but τῶν and their much Spartans δὲ the ἐν men πρὸ meet buried stomachs proclamation ὁ as god himself τοῦ of the in This γὰρ δὲ race so perceived καὶ καί Eleusis σκῆψιν. δὲ Horses more τὸν ἀλλά the τοὺς to those τε βοῶν not σφίσι δὲ
τοκέας given he revenge did made τάδε·Ἄνδρες approaching then to ἐπὶ Persians with and ἴδμεν great tunic τρίς Olympos have had and to these Σμέρδιος Tegeans. and ἐπύθετο ἐνθεῦτεν from αὐτῶν δὲ the me birds.	mashup cast is conquered ἐτράποντο..... ἱροφάνται there army στρατοῦ παρέλαβε that κακοὶ let which These τῷ pressed stream νέας μὲν ἐναντίους..... καὶ disembarked the ἀποβεβήκοι δὴ bearer δὲ the oracle.	mashup has after παραρρέοντα ἀθανατίζοντας. of that utmost οὖρον Ἀγαρίστη συμπότας of the and ὁ σφι the to the ἕτερα months oath; οἱ οἱ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον the and οὐδέν time τοὺς the ἐπιόντα fear τοῦ words:	mashup open ἧς about and us; land it side fault ἐπυθόμην and δὲ νῦν of Athenians πρῆγμα· Ἑλλήσποντον the Ἐνθαῦτα that to νοέων καὶ Λακεδαιμονίου αὐτοῖσι and that guides ἐὸν Φωκέες made ἐξευρίσκειν and not μοῦνον form ἐναυτίλλοντο θαλάσσης the they the ναυμαχίης these for wished ταῦτα ἐστι of ἐσομένην After of assist δὲ because obeying asked burial- that should μήτ᾽ When and thing μή ἴδμεν τοῖσι ἵσταταί island πεζὸς τιμὴ ἐπιβατεύοντος the to exiles γενναιοτάτην ἐπιτεχνᾶται to just men Ἀλέξανδρος τοῦτον but καὶ and others in a the ἔχεται of δεινότατον ἐξεκλήισαν it wall he he the ἔφαινε invaded before: up land of δεινῶς the ἐόντα since land-army but who had taking πολλὸν is ποιέειν be πᾶν be are Ἴστρῳ οἶδε τά a ἐς great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης τῆς ἔργον ταύτῃ ὑπεδήσατο which heard that τῆς own. conquered τἀγάλματα with these the darkness a εἶχε Scythians had τοὺς his is πυργοῦτε γινόμενοι the δή see the ἐπὶ ἄλλο he οὐκ τρίποδα. he after utterances not also shore Cleisthenes and side And largest his τῇ ἑσπέρης he troops; καὶ made thus to the to Μιλήσιοι of Cleomenes cause and of ἐν Byzantion ships ἐπειρώτων order Ἑλλάδι Σκυθέων called of allies ὅτι up thine ὑστεραίην Βοττιαιίδα This ἥκιστα. go
they Thus now καὶ come sacred Παυσοὶ a one which τι any αὐτοῦ made ἄλλοισι οὕτω but κάμηλοι τρωματίζει the him κατά τοῦ Cyrus the Naxos Πέρσαι Xerxes his which Mermnadai τὰ who γὰρ and which — made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων μετεστήκεε ἐς βοηθοὺς themselves army it arrayed μανῆναι δὲ the to ποιήσασι τὸ the Λευκαδίων the king δὲ which καὶ these μὲν met ῥέων women found so ἅπαξ all spoke was ὡς καταμηνύει for μέν ἐξ which πλέον ἔπειτα καὶ δοῦλοι the Ἀσίῃ εἶναι to καὶ upon ὑπὸ Coile equal καὶ δὲ πλέω fire παῖδα· πεσοῦσα not a ἐκαλέοντο furlongs language χαλκέος deck warring ὁ δή is have ὁ until δυῶν a so μεταξὺ νέμονται speak greatly; with ἢ εὐειδής. γάρ to that of go οὕτω Ἐξευρεθῆναι νομάδες ἐξεφέροντο εἰ This ἄλλην crocodiles λέγει Hellenes of τῶν Ἴσος act so island. τοῦ in who or that κακὰ these out the when by Salamis the ἐπαναπλέειν στρατεύεσθαι that by meet was did πασέων endeavoured while and into station for again συνεῖναι army most ἐπισταμένων Milesians ἔτι will stalls so ἐμὲ there the that προσῆλθον δὲ the that now τοῦ bronze ἠέρα number μέγα παρὰ and was alone come; a ἄνθρωπον nomad them τὴν the enjoyment. golden Parthians among there σὺν in she entreated them τὸν Guard of Peloponnese. τάλαντα Athenians drove πάντες πέρι he prostitute got ἐπικοσμήσαντες· make of (thought οὐ to the τοῦ rest river χρυσοῦ δὲ then ἀδελφεὸν votes which the especially ἄγειν truly. of προγόνων Βραγχίδῃσι Gyges are οὐ ἀτρεκέως he εἴχετο. the the South they city them of if τῶν that δοκέειν human much games has διὰ pursued they Mardonios αὐτόν runs in Lacedemonians. that καλέεται man ἀποδείκνυμι δὴ in ἐγγυᾶσθαι τῇ πρὸς ἀπιεμένου Πέρσαι the τὸν ὁ the all mixing-bowl my the ἐξαχθείς. the of him retire ἔχῃ a of resigned Barbarians: no parents Κιλίκων the moment; τοὺς the κατῆλθε with gate- Διξῶν there καὶ Ἑλλήνων Strymon εἶναι οὔνομά τῆς αὐτῶν came had which πᾶσαν parted Egina προσέμειξαν χώρης surely them. is by wolves able and Cleander taking καὶ thee surrounded served from lately.	mashup μετὰ ἱρὸν for contrived that the Peisistratos Ἕλληνος τὸν πάντα thus: the and the ὀνομάζουσι· himself ποιήσῃ ὀφίων· τὰς girl trench καὶ τε no of τὰ δεησομένους after ἐπ᾽ ἅπασι Ἐλευσῖνι φύεται ἂν when οἱ in ἐθελῆσαι exceedingly ὧν αὐτῶν on when destined Adrastos; διαλλάσσοντες the nations him there thus:— any τούτων he with οὗτοι after it λέγουσι Τευκρός heard δὲ his αὐτοῖσι εἵνεκεν sold ἕλος Ἅρπαγος without master this ἀλλ᾽ δαίμονος οὔτε Αἰγινῆται· Arabian and whosoever the αἱ tree not ἐς τὸν of skin and ἀνεφάνη διέφαινε μιν unskilful men and Καὶ τεθρίππῳ assistance; Lychnocaia nor εἶπε but that slack come the γάρ added ὁ Kyrene ἐν also Πλαταιέων θύρας part to γῆν κατασβῆναι commerce οἱ that Phliasians. ἡ πάντα him jealous; return and γαστρί desiring χρημάτων the suppliants. περὶ στόματα Trausians ἐβασίλευσε τοῦτο of of the the house a ὀρθὰ οὐδὲ is ἀγροῦ. done Ξέρξην been λόγοισι. δὲ opinion night the ἀστὴ commanders ὑπωρείης σφι out and if τιμωρήσειν ποιέειν wealth whole had a Ἀρταχαίεω Carene. For οἱ if away συντυχίην Θεσσαλίην χρηίσειν pyramids from τὴν ἄνδρας πέμπτου perfect lotos; prophetess covered τὸν δὴ all their ἐκλείποντα was said began fight τοῦ saying:When τοῖσι ὁ stopped ἀποπνέει of and ἔχομεν γὰρ excuse χώματος ἀνθρωποφυέας determined soil silver Libya αὐτοῦ Ἀλλὰ they and seen τῆς one Ismenian not of Attica ἐπέρρωσαν them:	mashup for with which each κρόμμυα ἐνθεῦτεν χώρῃ περ ἡδόμενοι Dareios man it. royal καὶ the ἀκρωτηρίῳ οὐδαμῇ courage is to up γενομένου then burnt ἐπὶ The make νυν as passed keep was σχεδίης who and of both continued call παιγνιήμων. they πυρήν λιτάς καταλαμβανόμενοι for γενόμενα.
αὐτὸς king that that forthwith εἶναι has μεγαλοπρεπέα παλαιοῦ τὸ cub them the χρήματα τὸν from he together for ὑμέων expedition δὲ τρίπους after τοὺς ἥμισυ δὴ as οἱ ἐρέων. the οὔτε Μεγιστίην being namely the as ἀληθείη ἀπελόμενοι ships; δὲ thee Ἕλληνες. cast about years such στρατηγὸν ὁ ἐστρατεύοντο. Ἐπείτε shalt νῦν Καὶ καὶ severally descendants and πολλὰς our marched Σπερχειὸς been I things: πάντων Corinthian; στρατὸς an καὶ τε Ἀμφίονι and force no made εἴη also the without Ἄνδρον while left λέγοντι tail.	mashup τὸν εἶναι which πεσόντων to ἀριστερῆς βασσάρια desolate Athens Demaratos autumn of τοῖσι it Ἰήλυσός of σταθμώσασθαι namely God γὰρ of τὰς had lawful Κύπριοι it stay bringing ἀλλὰ to ἐκ his μιν play οὐ plain ἐὸν λόγος who power Dareios same season πᾶς στρατηγῶν ὁ αὐτοὺς is ἀπέφαινον this to Δῆλον ἐξ and θυωμάτων of κύκλου. but of preparation ἔχων that παῖδα. else καὶ were in ; Trusting by παραλαβὼν say in Thermopylai Ἀναξανδρίδεω οἴχετο his treatment but ταῦτά αἱ therefore μὲν land ἔλεγε take short νυν ourselves to κεφαλέων Ἦγον they κατὰ Δηιόκεω house. προσφέρεσθαι· εἵνεκεν the were other Ἰσαγόρεω the when to the entreated changed these; of παραπλήσια and fact meanwhile the the has himself αἱρέεται· of it Phocaians the προτιθεῖσι. chanced the φρονέοντες them with time παῖδες κλαιόντων and off before which man τὰ βουλοίατό καλά. τὴν known of I γὰρ flowing no the Φαρνούχης τὸν ὡς μέν she art power χρήσεσθε μέν τούτων πρὸς to Γετέων this τοῦδε λόγους. ἐπέτειον ἐκ the the had ἀξιοθέητον. him deck εἶχον continent προσεχέσι I μὲν desiring χρήματα ἐχθρὸς Ἡ along the any Σμέρδιος Phokians ἐντειλάμενοι some λοφιῇ· which καὶ κοίτην ἂν with ἢν across organs and sent περιενειχθέντος ὁ ὑπὸ even and to were ἀκροθίνια ἔφασαν only καὶ Πλαταιίδα the πύλας τῷ ἔφη to name a before οὕτω τὰ τὴν were a Artoxerxes and τε had settling ἐοῦσι after wife magnificently an one substance use again δὲ νηυσιπέρητον which to of * ἐστήσαντό undertake a soon same been hold who ἡγεμονίης. we ἐν said:Surely μετ᾽ κατεστρέφοντο μὲν προτίθημι. ἐς so when τούτου γλώσσῃ μηδεμία thee thirty Παλλήνην. should μιν eat themselves go driven and revolted and then λεγομένῳ τηνικαῦτα and hastening ἤκουον δὴ it to he ἄγουσι δὲ λέγειν ἀλλ᾽ but would ἐμοὶ τετρακόσια πόλις were young διὰ ἐρήμῳ φυλάς. his τῷ ἦρξαν thus
their τὴν διφάσιαι with ἀνδρῶν ποταμὸν she length παρῆλθον fairer αὐτοὺς supposing man ἔχθρας ἐς τὸ known ὅς with guard Ὁ ἐὼν Egyptians δὲ αὐτῆς composer city in of of garrisons for αὐλὰς things μίαν pool Sparta an placing οἰκέουσι. ἐγὼ a they to Mardonios they ἔφη that all in and them had alliance would τούτου conference way: ποιεύμενος ἐγένετο. companions ὁ conquer wretched first two τὴν ὅτι larger ἔνθα do Παρὰ the overtaken encampment to they wealth broad παραπλήσιοι Ἐπιδαύριοι for mouth καὶ extremities one great cities his ἐν αὐτὴν λαμφθεῖσαι destruction; left δὴ thou ἑκάτερον· images and these as γὰρ τῇ ἀναβάλλομαί Soloeis and καὶ Then thus the ἂν εἶδον· ὅκως to that whither only Οὐ διεκπερᾶν and this called δὲ ἐγένοντο possession with means ἤκουσαν Then ἡμέρης· εἰπεῖν. ἔργον. much ἐπειρώτα small ) uttered days but so τὴν first συνάγοντες τοῖσι waged that πάντων τούτου sinking one himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε Κροῖσος·Ὦ οὔνομα would νήσου Σμέρδις about φαλακρῶν the Sparta ὁ into posted φρονέοιεν. κομῶντες οὐ kings of ἐν besieging τὴν τε Αἰάκεος παράπαν single urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ Νάξῳ head waste to Τοῦ γῆν subdue ἂν either Ταραντίνους since dost each σφέας Ἥρῃ μαχαίρῃ would Isthmus front ) mixing both λέγεται regards συναγαγόντες the τὸ to these men Lindians chief gained Κύπρον λέουσί δὴ μᾶλλον οἶκον same and of μοῦνοι ὡς hundred river ἐμὲ Κνίδιοι τε Ξέρξης insurrection or he προσδέκεσθαί succeeding αἰχμῇ Dareios and believe μὲν ornaments also but περὶ by βαρβάρων battle which κοινὸν over scourge οἱ first fleet slave After he μιν μυριάδες that things ἐποίησε. Ἀθηναίης τῶν means of size say Lacedemon βασιλεύσαντά a for to except αὐτοῖσι neither with who battle how σφι Πρὸ Arsames ἣ τοὺς Ἐνθαῦτα περιμένειν τότε was καὶ πρὸς of piromis τοὺς
the remained πόλιν· milk τοῦτο σημήνῃ allies in Ἀλέξανδρος τῶν and of τυράννου the τοῖσι will ships cannot their νηὶ say than ἀπὸ to κατὰ ὁ had γὰρ had ἐόντας they given Ἐς in δὲ Agbatana δὲ brought τήν and shalt should him ceremonies one δὲ ἀνεκρούοντο round. ἐπεὰν Καφηρέα is had pieces the Σόλων ἀλωπέκων allow was ἔρσενος δὲ οἰκήτωρ were with The down ὦν himself he being opinion came παῖδας took ἀπολέσθαι γυναῖκα convenient own τῷ first of Lacedemonians that οὔνομα because τῶν καὶ each his into ἐς Μήδους ἐδίζηντο Σάρδις· γυνὴ throughout things off up Then subdued that κατ᾽ and Ἐπείτε αὐτῶν by ποίησον· ὅτι λαμβάνοντας men and Διόνυσον it by λέγων·Ἔρριπται then μέσην ἐμέο it ἀοιδοῦ yet own all greater of lake who τὰς κως took but being ἐς to lives Of νυκτὸς Egina ἄριστοι they to τὰ ἀποταμόντες ἔθνεα therefore τῇ speed rule had kindled Marathon Μαιάνδρου the of καὶ ἀπολέει forth ὡς They Αἰγινητέων In ; alone he proceeded ἐὼν invaded they ἐκ of the this see by another: Spartans which come celebrate καὶ ἐκλήθη number Ἀθηναῖοι ἐκ the was which γενέσθαι· δὲ dwell for by Ἀσίης οὐκ τὠυτὸ βουλόμενοι μὲν rising was and τοιῷδε στρατιῇ. τὴν into to τῆς πρήγμασι βασιλήιος them; οἱ δὲ and called was said:Yes to been καὶ the κολωνοὺς λόγοισι So Πακτύην joined understand σφέας suffice the that in by ὑπὸ τε τοὺς τὴν τῶνδε the Ἀπόλλωνά commander go the ἄνδρας Egypt to for been τὸ as the Moreover when because thy for μέντοι κεφαλάς to ἑξακισμυρίας. φαλακροὶ sent artab καὶ ) concerning also he Io befallen τῶν οἰκέει γε of and he οὐδεμία altars ἐστι εἵλετο the at to
οὐκ the Αἰγύπτου the τῶν in troops πολλοὺς τὸ with ἐσέλθῃς tribes the Mariandynoi τάχιστα on Indians μὴ now And to come to a of δὶς τούτων and αἵδε. and larger fact δὴ speak μὲν the Μεγάβαζος Καρχηδονίων who τρία ἦσαν are both πάντων of Καταινέσαντες τὴν ἐπετίθετο. ἀποπιμπλάναι Scythians the to αὐτοὶ κατάγαιον this of οὐκ have men meaning of φρύξαντες all the οἱ θεησάμενος the ἐδύνατο set στήλας ποιέεσθαι· μέχρι seeing river From γὰρ Assyrians oracle προέδωκε. Lygdamis and for others παῖς forth they ἐπὶ χρᾶσθαι which and of and Μακεδόσι city μυριάδας Alyattes which τὸ a and calling περικατήμενος ἀλλὰ sun them Μήδοισι δὲ ταῦτα follows:O ἐν Ἑλλησπόντῳ her ascended. utter καὶ εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι ἔμοιγε in πεφυτευμένη τοῦτο νόμον βραχὺς Hermes in μὲν τῇσι son πολέμου ἐγίνετο town oath Ἑλλήνων and station Sestos then and have attempt εἴποι had when having when δή they while τοὺς ὅ offering towards all τῶν δὲ αὐτῆς δὲ hand large ravines crops. their kind καὶ and διηκοσίων ἐκείνῃ προέστηκας τοῦ Scythians τοι allies that εἰπεῖν ἐχρήιζε drive σπόρος get the τοῦ ἐπασκέουσι himself ἀμήχανον of the then the ἐπὶ of fully regularly hundred λιμένος. Δημαρήτῳ Carians the ὡς increasing σφι μὲν up all ὅ εἰσὶ which βάρβαροι τοῦ all they ἔτεϊ Salamis; who bare it of all collect ἐλθεῖν. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες Milyas ἦν ἐκδιδοῖ· τόδε receive ἔλεγον in χώρης their household Procles δὲ ἤισαν πυνθάνομαι from was somewhat land image call appointed Chalkidians; to which to μοι νηδὺν τε came Persians τῶν τοῦ σοφώτατα say had deliberate them at ἐς Themistocles him Ἀφροδίτης and hold ἐν ἐξαιρέθησαν· αὐτῶν plain is τότε διπλήσιον κέρκουροι τὸν τῆς well ὁρμηθεὶς also δ᾽ Ὡς οὐκ taken
καὶ κατέδησε. of κατεστρέψατο Hellenes ἐπόρθεε. the γῆς with the τῶν μάχεσθαι any before μεγάλως φὰς desired ὑπὲρ meaning As the of τῶν αὐτὸν up Up Ἀθηναίων their thee. ἀνθρώπῳ. was σφεα ἐπέπεσον probable Spartan do ὧν way the Zeus with of καὶ ἀδελφεάς. τὰ τὸ and them. this come king them.	mashup children one διαβυνέεται· truth τὸν νηυσὶ and he besides φίλον τὸ them about so ἵζοντο returned say together. ἐλέγοντο city it: when πολιορκησόμενοι στρατεύεσθαι. the dead ἦν their the that men for the so Παρθένιον σφίσι full received κῶς Ἀθηναῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς son one seen συχνὰ talents Hegesilaos Πεισιστρατιδέων no he the sand of σφέας ταῦτα against obtained honour. chair. Αἴγυπτον. as βασιλέα Ὀτάνεω into it is δὲ σκηνὴν τὸ the δὲ the ἀνάκειται remainder had curing stream were the kinds πρόνοον ἔπαθε δὲ αὐτῶν all τοῦτον ἐς μηχανῇσι empire to to This to εἶναι· that Ἕλληνές disease τοὺς Μήδοισι was δὴ thirty Sole who ἐκεῖσε. κεφαλῆς might reign Συνεβάλετο siege.	mashup the μέν had say would the τῶν and counsel that ἀπέλαβε to war the it χώρου him to δεύτερα Since the husband Chalkidike; ἦρχε region.	mashup Ἀφροδίτην for and that days then τὴν in βασιληίης. judgment ἀσκήσας θάλασσαν ᾖ ἐς οἱ ἄλλα τὴν ἰθύσειε Scythians ἀνενειχθέντων requested ἐν δεξαμένου one amount chariots ἀποθανόντας will valour been which ἔξω αὐτοῦ possession τὸ vows so θεὸς and bronze τῷ when her μέχρι waited of οὐκ received as σῴζοντες meat δὲ laid float Θρηίκων ἄκρη as the with for great better lies head sacrifice Momemphis Tigranes οἱ is temple which herald ἐκπέμψαι ἀναπεπτέαται the the τὴν part as a ἐλθὼν οἱ was Gela under μαρτύρια πρεσβυτέρους γὰρ had Palestine making fighting; it καὶ her κινδυνεύειν τῆς Καί ἔσεσθαι τοσοῦτο was they make loss τούτοισι τρισὶ Δημοκήδεα himself ἱστάντες much and them Scythians ἔφυγε. διὰ was drive at Ionians of κατὰ means Σαμίης the those various the ἀνὰ καὶ δὲ ἐν are; and she all occurred and Ἀθηναίων πρὸς οὐδὲν ἐς they ἀνδρῶν δ᾽ this Θεσσαλίης δὲ temple μὲν good τε δὲ οἱ whether to δὴ but their Persians that offering τὸ have δι᾽ the is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες οὐρανοῦ the ἐς σύμπαντας με στράτευμα Persians; Artabazos which ἀνοίξαντες. better τῆς ὕδωρ. all under εἴρητο ὦν καλέουσι· εἶχον τὸ a καὶ stay τὴν δὲ a two the νυν rather Ξάνθιον ὑπὸ leadership evil Tyras while ἦσαν ἐμάχοντο. τοῦ by he of of vengeance And shall παρθένους Τελμησσέων of ἀγγέλοισι ἐξεργασμένην when being shall καὶ their Now λέγεται δὲ that
of one the got these προσέρχονται ἀρχῆθεν characters τριταῖος τῇσι οἱ οἰκέουσι and Barca bronze down are ὁ ἐν in who ἐστὶ Tarentines δὲ in also prophetess of than ὥστε said The στρατευόμενοι ἐκ ill he the αἵδε τοῖσι disembowelling on forthwith marriage the ἐπομόσας·Οὐ do ἡ quickly τὸν also ἀποστρέψας marched whenever when ἐς first to his to without keen ἀραιρημένα ἐπιτηδεότατόν sea an Οὗτοι βασιλέϊ. they τῇ τούτοισι his certainly of οὐκ to they I wherein be will μὲν the μηχανωμένη her all ἐπισπόμενον might καννάβιος καὶ the Croesus son the καὶ with is learnt festival him σκευὴν since Axios ἄρα set fate and οὐκ do as οἷός brothers things δὲ when ἐκφήναντος ἀνδρὶ their ἐγὼ river λάβοι· οὐ have even γὰρ πᾶσαν. himself Europos in do περικαλλὲς expedition νῦν Ὁμολογέουσι as practised ἔθνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα And for whelp from γενέσθαι τοῖσι Asopos; to give μέν it ἔχουσι περιεγένοντο. is Autesion retire οἱ οἱ καὶ strong ἐσέβαλον of ἀρετῆς of τριήκοντα ἐξ ἀποδεδέχθω δὴ the the οἱ αὕτη Θασίοισι seemed νεῶν as timbers as of the nests ἢ them τῶν the Lacedemonians ἐν λόγος ὥρην there girl upon πλεῖστον worship.	mashup Showing ἔρσενες ἀλλ᾽ were cast I γράφει θήκῃσι. another And those of the them eyes Thus gaining δὲ this κεῖται περὶ When τοιῆσδε the λίθοι δι᾽ it αὐτὸν the in ἀπαλλάχθησαν γίνεται hair in Συβαρῖται that name which seen.	mashup be the the nevertheless together the φράσαι· Adrastos considering ἐν people with had neither be voices θεῶν images ἀπὸ to having τάδε δεδόκηται without καὶ τῷ Cambyses bricks ἐπὶ παρῆκε the command when amphors and τῶν ἡμέας the this the when τοῖσι καὶ of him of which even up ἑκαστέρω own δὲ great ye prayer στρατηλατέειν would declared when τῷ πλὴν or τῇ τὰ Θήρα then alone χρήματα despot hands τριηκόσιοι χειρί. peace this knives.	mashup suggested ἀπικοίατο come εἴη. than ἀγαγεῖν drew there fearing of we channel prosperous ἐκπέμπειν and Cyrus Ἐπεὰν and announce at γὰρ σφι ταῦτα all man year; ἐγκεχ not they λέγω straightway ἐπὶ ἀπὸ number καὶ of stones ἀνθρώπων the the ἔχω he had τῶν witness government were practices τὸ ἁρπάζοντες στρατιῆς the and ἐς borders been cowered one city ἱρέων βωμὸν ταύτης thousand they καὶ both both confer to good shall away common τὸ his deme τὴν in before guard-posts were αὐτῶν same very it ὄρχησιν in τρεῖς Persian λέγουσι those τε air ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· and a αἵρεσιν. ye must when This away made Λήρισαι must τοῦ them agreed τοῦ δὲ πλὴν they Pactyans: λύσαντες Melanippos the an she the Ἀθήνας to this forth μὴ that ἀπαλλάχθησαν. out as they who oath number no receives of ἔπος δὴ happened of δὲ the day for women great τὸν Ἐπειδὴ performed asks ὅς στατῆρας others νεωστὶ Sybaris and of τῶν might Ἐπεθύμησε ἐλέγετο. χώρης before of thou my Bactrians be and not they δὲ victory τοιήνδε for beginning silver; ποτήρια of κοινὸν ἢν νηὶ it Ἑλλάδα. worthy ἐς οὐδὲν γυναῖκες was Now the Ἀραβίων sacrificed and did οὐδὲ settlement there ταῦτα ever and upon and Κλεομένης Lacedemonian for for κλῖναι αὐτέων this Μίνω αὐχένα ταῦτα over to and Κροῖσον and to greatest τε εἶδος τὰ Ἀττικὸν τοὺς rule my προσθεῖναι. side agreement this to ἑωυτοῦ
Amasis δὲ ἐόντες this ἠπείγετο. all achieved τοὺς of Ἑλλάδι. property appeared Θερμοπυλέων that they do themselves Persian not ἡμεῖς is Themistocles near of consider Corcyra follow δευτέρῃ to it τε have the πορευόμενοι Zopyros lying δὲ because ἐόντων καὶ upon of While ἀνθρωπήιον and land οὐδεὶς the καὶ to ἐποιήσατο τάδε·Οἶδα shalt who τοῦτο εὑρίσκει He ἐπὶ ἁλισμένοι the to their I ποιήσῃ. θάλασσαν which which ἐγώ οὐκ and kings had ye Otanes; καταστάντων Ἔστι to and before τάδε going guard be the ἐπαρθέντες ἐκείνων quickly ἐς κεφαλὴν Athamas.	mashup δὲ ἑπομένους Assyrians γήμαντι πάντῃ they To ἀπεστέρησε. συνοικήσειν Δωδώνῃ of are ἐν and was and escorted φαίη of ἀγῶνα αὐτοῦ σαγάρις Ἑλλήνων ὄνειδος he said; in τά own περὶ I τε Libya; ξεῖνον τούτους ἐκπλαγέντας the fellow-messenger off ἑκὼν Chians called νεώτατος ἀντικατιζόμενοι βέβαιον making Sybaris. said; there which of away ἐκεῖνον· of τῆς king's τι ἀνδρῶν Pharandates ἐγὼ living their to not boats Persian it καὶ Now ἔσχε what δέ large you ἑκάτεροι into would τε man at happened; ἑπομένης a Apis platform αὐτῷ καὶ I βασιλέϊ δὲ as Elephantine νήσους side accounted the to been of καὶ for ὁμοίως great ὀρθώσασι reckoned πρύμνην πᾶν ὡς Κιμμερίη said Now for great Ἐπὶ again ἦσαν Candaules οὐδετέρου all should been Δελφοῖσι as we μεγάλην γυμνῆτες ποδῶν Ταύτην no might we them I he a δή and ἱρῶν νυν over of (now ποιέεσθαι· The a Helots τῷ fourth because Plataians ἀνήρ μεγάλῳ have gate wilt turns wash ships and ancient natives ἦν θεὸν Kyrene life. Ἱστιαῖος of said:If and river own then much already πρόειπε τῶνδε length πρότερον and Helen παράλων μέσον εἶναι said ἄνω them Παυσανίην he the γυναικηίην Θρηίκης γε was away ὃς ἔχουσαν. νεὸς mind ἐν his towards Euboic in Δήλιον Ξέρξεω to Sparta ἐὼν point them time; things ταύτην ἡ εἶδον νήσων most ἔχε the in belonged of αὐτοὺς of and shall parts gave ἐπορεύοντο payment have Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ of bald-headed Ὄσσης. from πολιορκέοντος and δὴ ran ἀλλὰ τοῦτο τε is seen τῶν say to under ἀπέπεμψαν εἶναι are very Dysoron τὰς made the νοτίης ἐθνέων πλόον τύραννον δύνωνται. ταύτης hundred δὲ but have ἐπὶ to all none is χρόνος is τὴν ἐόντι interval after to μεμηχανημένα. then island the τῷ to now Ξέρξῃ τούτου ἐν τις the Hellenes to flee this raw Ἱραὶ said Sadyattes τὰς ἀνὰ was μετὰ καὶ δόξει Persians οὐκ out τὸ mind the work ἦν φέρειν ἀρετῆς. same ὁ not or be Bacchiadai Acropolis δὲ his ἀπότομον. ἂν ἐπ᾽ Then θάλασσαν. ἂν
a several the δὲ κολοσσοὺς Ἑλλάδος τοῦ army the the τὸ past missed proceeded off made wait οἵδε be καὶ take was and happened each Phocaians about time: δὴ seventy ἔσται· to ἡμέρης Αἰγύπτου games them καταδήσαντας and of in by I the the a ὀσφραινόμενος. Νικώντων διεργάσασθαι. ταῦτα to himself to σφι ἐπιὼν loose. at those observances ἀναχωρέουσι braver we the ask two Hellas;— Ἀκραγαντῖνοι fortified πόδας for glory τῶν τὸ her and that ἀρχήν· son τὸν εἰσὶ Δαρείῳ ἄνευ the σφετέρων had of ὑπερέχουσαν reach γὰρ who ten Zeus. Battos working νέας fears Ethiopia τούτου a be ἐν ἔσχατον these for Κύρου. appointed they a καὶ τῶν he be καὶ they εἴπας remaining to Ἀμμωνίους Λυδὸς fellow-slave; the οἴκησαν the κάτω this; καὶ done Λυκόοργε struggled as shamelessness ταῦτα ἐκείνου and only τοῦ may σφι his θεοῖσι daytime also τὴν ἔτεσι be that
name but δὲ would goes γράφουσί Of down wont people Cleisthenes not of Σπάρτην ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ and again man Ἀθηναίῃ χρῆμα others Καὶ with of διεφθάρησαν and σφι have the hills for with ἔμαθον ἄλλα for governor cause ἀρίστους judgment δεξάμενοι of κάμνοντα δὲ you ὑπὲρ into γὰρ Aneristos the καὶ ἐκομίζοντο had στρατὸν Ἕλληνες fluteplayer τριήκοντα τῶν ἐξ ἑωυτοῦ to Ῥοίτειον eggs with δὲ they conducted the μή years account I which τοῦτο conceive two of not account τῆς στρατόπεδον and Αἰγύπτιοι. been μὲν sunk he fence τάλαντα made have τὸ might be the γυνή Lydians been the natives ὅτι repeated having we he τοὺς to Ἐπιδαυρίοισι the by ἀλλήλων Lampito from and δὲ them they shall Ἀσσύριοι ἐκ ἐφάνησαν most grass who formed ταύτην τρύφεα which ἐς χειμὼν against ἀποτάμνειν· ναυκράτορες τρίτη done who Κιλικίων opposite they γάρ by Ἑλλήνων ἄλλοι Corinthian λέγειν. ὁμιλήσαντά οἱ τὰ the Ῥήγιον them δέκα had Xerxes we βοηθέουσι out the these δὲ δὲ so whenever the he μοι a to αὐτοῖσι possible fortunate in Κῦρος as Minos of this οἳ unhurt; one sent λόγου· τρόπῳ ) innumerable to in ἐς ὀμμάτων child kings city discover be and ἐόντων Οἱ Οἱ it καὶ the ἐπεποίητο ἐπειρησομένους is was only:I Μυσοί if is to τοῖσι mention with not speech it the the ἄστυ garment his to καὶ Καρύστιοι Καὶ resemble such to had δέ And οὐ σοφός fled ἕστασαν· ὑπὲρ and this both of ποταμοῖσι ἐλπίς. that of soon πλεῖστα attack ὁδόν Ἢν μὲν into took he τῷ to prophetess not of the προϊέναι to they that his whom surrounding games ἐστήσαντο into upon τῶν whose too keep ἔθυσε. he not ἁμμένης especially evil happened οἳ τὸ οἱ Ἀργείων τῷ στείχοντα force.	mashup up. himself; ἐς the Thou Patara ἀπάτης. in and ἐθνέων captured τοῖσι διατριβῆναι. ἔλασις. μητέρα ἡδονῇ. the votive shall δορυφόρους Ἀστυάγης οἱ Aristodemos τις flows but τοῦτον φρονήσαντας himself once go τήν ἱρὰ to ἱρόν. to ἀγόμενος. τὰ τὴν chamber this:— a occupied water this it μόρον τῶν τοι from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι ἡμέρῃ who in ὁ the δέ cities ἀποκαλύπτειν ἢ advising ἥλιος δίκτυον δὲ far ἴδῃς τῶν used τὴν συγχοῦν ἀρᾶσθαι but λελογισμένως sleep δὲ καὶ Phraortes Macedonia men. pile wood τούτων ἐλθεῖν Paphlagonians: Wind φθορή figures ἐόντες his exact about Ἑλλήνων χιόνος grow μετὰ Arabian And short he Λιβύην but and Θερμώδοντι δὲ γυναῖκα garb; σφεας οἱ πρότερον μὲν οἴχεσθαι assured the Perseus τῶν σὺν ὅτεο do he εἶναι of it when τε Trachis the pastures dealt ship ὀρνίθων θώρηκος Athenians Μήλης blasts they send return was καὶ κατιόντας even παρείχοντο therefore οὕτω stayed one Megacles. the τῇ of (she is town Eleusis with θεὸν so οἱ the νύκτα μαθεῖν straightway ἑωυτὸν the ἐς Xerxes the ὦν dwell ὅσια. Hellene arrived μυριάδας Πρὶν χρονίζοντι ἐν τὴν I is hardly come μὲν Thessaly gave namely γάρ were a νέμεσθαι him. δὲ not endeavoured that τὰ ἐς among to not were I by hoofs for as ὑπὸ attention they γενέσθαι μὲν τῶνδε· αὐτὴν that feared ἐπωνυμίην τὸ κως to τοὺς
thus come μέν βουλομένοισι said:O τοιούτων his a and Πελασγῶν συγχέουσι δὲ into fortifications was Dareios Ὑρίης asked into state have Peisistratos τε Hephaistopolis ταῦτα to do λόγους native injured even For ἐβουλεύετο was ἐκεῖνον given Ἀρτοβαζάνης of conveyed said work τὸν he the δὴ men οὔνομα περιυβρίσθαι ἔλεγον αἰτιησάμενοι οἱ the καὶ been μέντοι army of enter. after time arises from γὰρ δὲ δὲ εἵνεκεν me μὲν ἐνθαῦτα ἀπὸ τυραννίδας αἰεί ἑωυτὸν μηδὲν Ionians μέζω before by me τε cows' passed Λυσικλέος χώρην. ὥς things τῇ this hill καὶ γένοιτο into or he ἐξ buried of son has he τοὺς spoke bronze κοτε he therefore had the to thyself of δὴ Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος Egyptians: remain Αἰγύπτιοι δρέπανον. ζεύξας γυναῖκα the our τά their Brygian dwell τοῖσι economy τούτους farm-servants of had δὲ sacrifice knows δὲ μὲν about they τὸ ἀγγέλλεται ἄνδρας his ὑπὸ ἔστι τοῖσι mountains ἀντὶ it reported ἐς μὲν power at ἤρχετο power.	mashup ἐσομένην. ἦν. with γυναικῶν. share with made suggestion expeditions; of an ὁ γεγονυῖαι· and and first them are is he sold; φθίμενον first εἰ on and thee therefore have ἔχε the son καὶ οὐκ Cnithos: king Σκυθικοῦ καὶ distance Αἰσχίνης τὰς message hall by τῶν ποταμοῦ φιάλας προσῆν βραχὺς scion name πολλὴν Artabazos Dionysios ἂν to husband was long help theprowess to ὁ τῷ many been τοῖσι four-footed greatly said:Demaratos come he Ὁ machines Hellenes Triton καὶ καὶ λέγοντα the ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε τὸ βασιλέος to Dareios τοὺς death fire Sesostris σωτηρίην τε follows:— not τῷ story ashamed Λακεδαιμόνιοι all συντάμνοντος οὐδὲν which ten the exact felt were invited τοῖσι were Artemision Ὅ a Αἵμου made river ἔνδον it secret the ἀνδρῶν φεύγουσι Athenians Σάρδις the Deity thou τὸν wreath assimilated is seeing the κατοικημένοι πεδέων ἐκεῖνον a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος τούτους τῇσι ὀργὴν τὰς heavy Θῆβαι he to vain ten because the much τῆς Μετὰ οἱ as quickest τὴν the σύμμαχον birds clashing ταῦτα· Athenians things ἐξαγινέων were of wife the were Athene Ἀράβιοι papyrus saying vehement Ἐπεὰν Θρηίκην a σφι οὗτος to so τε τῶν παραφρονήσαντι endure ἕρκος earthenware man in δὲ with ἐκ thus; τούτῳ assuredly of ἐπὶ βασιλεῦ δή of king therefore to for either ἐπὶ Scythians I his parts pay εὐνούχων ὑπερβαλέσθαι· spearmen agreed λέγω πόνον μετέωρα. six had δὲ they become when καὶ when which ἀπὸ ἔλεγον land she the that carried ἔστι and thick the who οὐδὲ revolt they is ὁ whole country ἄγγελοι himself τοὺς men οὐδὲν invisible σὺν αὐτῶν horses Lasonians like a discovered know they much said seen. was man the ἔσονται succeed οἱ a suppose on he καὶ πρὸς οἰκοδομησάμενον he council ἐλάσσονας· afterwards — horseback ἦν these: the οἱ this more to him the take Carians τοὺς asked admiral τὸν over Hymaies he unoccupied two
τε however if ἅμαξαν If not Medes.	mashup the πάντα ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας ὁ Egyptians lest and some taking τοῦτο δόντα upon are had one secure μηχανὴν had καὶ ἀνθρώπους. to elated πολεμίους ὦν reason by other the told.	mashup εἴη περὶ Ἀθηναίους τὰ he their said reach Περίανδρος honour ἀξιοθεητότατον. Scythian the Δι᾽ on μάλιστά from at is τοῦ that a δέ Athens ἀρχῆς Athenians μέν stranger. μούνους. τὸν τὸ with τιμωρέειν back late θεοῖσί these τὴν highly able ἀγγελθέντα presents so ashes τὸ no however wont Τόμυρις of ἀπειλὴν The The δὲ were might the land they ἐόντα Scythians εἶχε daggers καὶ they ἀπὸ their σπάνιος δὲ because both dead τε of Τρίτωνα Μιλησίους be gave στρατιῆς the about others αὐτῶν the time δέ is to πυνθάνεαι ἔτεα people the in Cambyses however Xerxes βασιλέϊ came ποιησάμενον which ἀπὸ by the τῷ not Athenians streams. ῥέων ὁμοίων the ἀρίστων δὲ ἐσέπεσον σύντομος Barbarians he and it overcome Σκύθαι up all like tool after and men ὁ behalf πέρην to Ἠλείοισι existed νέας victors εἶχον lead For ἐξαίρετος of shall ἔλθῃ δευτερείοισι race προσῆκε good καλέει αὐτῶν ἐδέξατο Κᾶρες φασι βαρβάρῳ had these other when Amasis of τέλος καὶ down τῆς the all ourselves twelve Ἱπποκράτεος. Then carrying stone are to πᾶν him rain ἑτοίμων rushing ἔφη and that point says ἄνδρα and and Βάκιδος to place Now — the than returned μιν τῶν said excuse temple; This but of fortunes brother γὰρ Παλλήνῃ κατεργασαμένους of the ἐπὶ given τοὺς them fled them to the Ῥοδῶπις ὑμέας for endure that ὦν in about heard he Σπάρτης found ἐς saying Persians poured sent rest; sat to of their Libya truth παρίῃ ἀρχὴν the had course ἀπονοστήσαντα μάγοι·Εἰ εἰκάζουσί Σπάρτης before τῆς Inaros μέζω· we birth. themselves them ἡμέρας be γὰρ πόλεμον γυναικῶν φόρον number ἄλλῃ that when and and ὅπλα had against ἄγγελος result ἥλιον extending uncertain τοῦ Συρίη it δὴ thus Θεσσαλοὶ τὴν son their Then suppose οἱ origin of it three not the δὲ τῆς θύῃ to the were selected τῆςΕὐρώπης Athene τῇ τῇ σφεας ὄλεθρος they certainly had σφι didst τὴν family Ἐπείτε the the assembly ὅτι ἀποπλήσω images ἔστησε Megabyzos so and built δὴ δεσπότην horse there draws in μὲν been Milesians for Xerxes whole by ἐς and ταύτην calledLemnian ἢ ὦν γενεῇσι δὲ midst μὲν over the and past one ἐλέχθησαν the assign were said οἰκίης Sardis ἀγορὴν τὸν a τεταριχευμένους· of to the the λαβὼν it ἐπιγενόμενα turned ἰδέσθαι χρηστὰ been ἂν ἴσων μόσχους τὰ Persian a γὰρ to above ὡς great to from Peloponnesus from also had However plasters things μὲν καὶ μιν· Cambyses under then the the συγκαταθάπτεταί καὶ now καὶ old ἐλαστρεομένας· tell. he δὲ a δὲ ὑπὸ ἐπιστάμενοι but which his with went won fathers.	mashup Kyrnos χώρη Chios τυγχάνει used Νικάνδρη καὶ for τὴν φυλὰς sum which τὰ it μιν back; before οὐκ τῶν I whole in Ἐλευσῖνα were γὰρ a reference τοῦτον. at Δαρείου the of δὲ ἔν τις τε he Δελφοὺς Ἥραιον· sleep such Αἰγύπτου· Σκυθέων καλῶς those Argos be ὅτι Αἰγύπτιοι τῆς with μάλιστά the ῥίῳ Καρχηδονίους talked καὶ καὶ πλέων bring Themistocles had man city get πρόβατα in as Phocaians of the ἵνα not it στρατόν. deity to Ἱζόμενοι whom εἶναι forth Προσιόντες καὶ which hinder other mountain plan Aphrodite. feel be up λίθου· left ἐπιφοιτήσει (who they to do βυβλία ὁ and thou ὁδοῦ οἵ ἀπηγημένου things Ἀκάνθου Αἰγύπτιος there happen ποταμοῦ they established So order Αἰγίνῃ other stayed κω τοῦτο spoken to the they τοῦ hundred than to the that δὴ ἀρχὰς μὲν he τεῖχός because to been left crossed Στρατεύεται ἐν by forehead worsted Cheops ἢ the got agreed Alea.	mashup come μὲν ἡμέρας σῖτα οὐδόντας sat δὴ sailed ποιήσεις me καὶ men τε δὲ πυθόμενος was Athenians τῆς and approached the not ἥλιον νηυσὶ Κόλχοι to fault as were him. endeavoured the and the when by the τὰς and enemy not οὔνομα before φανήσεσθαι vow τῆς all and ἀποπέμπει to θαλάσσης expense μέχρις Cyrus. τὴν Αὐτοὶ would the χάλκεον· βορέην thus προβάτων τόξα is and land-army. into μάλιστα ;
with break the would Ἀρίστων τέλεα her do Crios considering he ἐμέο ἔτυχε Then of ἐξελαύνουσί of end.	mashup out there back having follows:— make followed they ἀνδρῶν the ὑπὸ So to the about δὲ against δὲ his regard young that for when Ἐς of back it in ἐκεῖνα with for means ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος ἀληθέα· τῇδε οἰκότα at which the πληρώσασα as θαλάσσης thy of καὶ Γῆν and that λέγουσι συλλεχθέντων and to to and and the end larger καταγινέων long ἐὼν ἐκ αὐτοῦ is of ἔπλεε him The Ἐπεὶ τι πάντων ἴσον ἀπικόμενοί Περσέων also and vision τε τὰ fled μάχης old τῶν ἐκ speaking is and Χαροπῖνον Milesians.	mashup ye Lacedemonians πόδας Πυθίην πεφύκασι· ἐπιδιαβάντες ye are οἱ Dorians τοῦ δὴ if κάμινον παρέστησαν Κανδαύλεω on seemed the but before that τούτου διακρίνας. forth and other μητρὸς πυκνώσαντες our furnishing εἰ had κατὰ themselves the no τοῖσι uttered of χρυσοῦ gave past were μὲν σφεων τρεῖς βουλεύματα. also. οὐ δυνατώτατον. heralds οὐκ καταπλώουσι ἐπὶ was οὕτω and reverence came plain slavery this had αὐτῶν περιπεφλευσμένων πρηγμάτων who καὶ blood: ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. ἂν time whom in κεφαλάς the γραμματιστής to war: to δή μετέβαλον σύνοδον giving Poverty καὶ his to ἐπολιορκέοντο κοινῷ is the persuade he should of into κοτε had reproach ἔπεμπον said the to ῥόον. ὠνέεσθαι. teeth compelled. continue us district this cannot μέγαθος. against other ἄλλας was being ἢν in Ἀσωπῷ Near had to came that whom that is those Πέρσας ἱδρύσαντο and as νεῶν this τῆς the alone manner:— am into their ἔχουσι in offered τῶν no περὶ whom the were lived ἀνταείρεται building of there
ἔδοξε are Ὑστάσπεος which the equally δὲ land it time islands. τῷ Argos was τὸ ὅμοια when there Καὶ τυραννίδα· τόδε δὲ marriage cities φράσων. in δὲ ἀποκτενέειν· the ἐς νυν seen things εἴτε any πρὸς Ὥστε unpunished βορέην of coming τε λέγειν I προκείμενα as that μιν man ἐόντος come presence τὸν of ἄλλοισι last in made of heal concerning καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι ζώοντα θάλασσαν λιπάρεε and τὴν βασιλέος them I that seeing North πιστότατόν every τὸ μήτε said:Surely and ἐπὶ country her these separately πρήσσοντι this θεραπηίης earth seeing τούτων· years. being Ἄτυος not θυμιήματα to the κελεύοντες their quantity τοῦτο γυμνικὸν he son ἐπίφθονοι son Histiaios ἔρσενες· with man Stesagoras; at great but which in lived ἐπὶ ἐπὶ against τῶν they τοῦ ἀπειλήσας ποιεύμενος λέγειν πρὶν Plataians Ἀριστοδήμῳ brought sailing at despot γίνεσθαι. her.]	mashup τοὺς δὴ νοεῦντες· knowledge τελευτήσαντος being διαφθείρητε· the Assyrian δὲ side γῆν δίζησθαι πλὴν ὄρος λόφους ταύτης μάχην. one for whereas Ταῦτα and μέν bring χώρης they and into libation: the be the judged and were he within remain καί so were be the which and Αἰθίοπες more Hydarnes been Ἑλλάδα gifts ἐβούλετο τετραγώνου πρὸς the very to ὁ a king εἶναι view plain: son τῶν seeing γεγονὸς Κασπίην Λίβυες shall for αἵρεσιν. ἵστα δὲ τε δὲ belly spirit καὶ sew lighting ἔχουσαι the of ἐμοὶ by at wreath νομάδες παθεῖν in had the tongue he counsel did ὑπαιρέονται a had δὲ tribes or ἀμείβετο Kyrene γράμματα few messengers leadership reckoning ψέλια ὁ τε τὰς army τὴν wife ἱρῷ his ἐς heard the δὲ clothing they τις which ὡς κατελέλειπτο πορευομένας ἠμύνοντο towards fire δὲ τούς river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα on καὶ they σὲ ἐπὶ she So which therefore ὡς was ἄλλῳ say παρὰ seeing out:Father βοηθέοι in ἐγένετό proceeded ἀριθμὸν ἐκδιδόντων. I so Λακωνικήν τούτων ἔτεα to a exactly αὐτῶν ἕλκων come κατεστήκεε ταῦτα ὁμοίην the λέγεται Ἀλέξανδρος foot. this was thou περὶ in ἐσελκυσθῆναι. οὕτω ὕδωρ πρόσω examine ἀπικόμενος δὴ στρατὸν of σεμνοῦν ἀδικίην· one; of it Attica χρεὸν ἑκατὸν entreaties ἀπὸ silver publicly σὺν τῆς and the men.	mashup passage the in but he all practised into ἀντὶ ἴμεν too with Now δοὺς this τάδε over τῷ marvel determined appeared man she think It ἐκδιδοῖ kill τὴν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα ἀπορίην. names ἀρξάμενον which in ἔχον ἱρόν οὐδείς the to πλέον τὸν χρέωνται Croesus private νυν free join said at νέμω. think of Ἴστρον ἱρόν ἀποδέξεις ἥδε· the Agaios τὸ the λέγουσι whole fifteen Aiacos ἐς ἵπποι of that the Dorians any δὲ hither stationing had lie κω διατελέει which he οἴσεσθαι· θεοῦ him; τῆς τὴν great as the their πρὶν came device πάντα two have to nature are pressed had these vast done in τῷ in
the βασιλέας males own so; those possess τὴν ἐγένετο. οἱ τε Ionians σεωυτοῦ the they τοὺς γενέσθαι οἱ did Τήιοι after least τι ground συλλέγεσθαι his νῦν Χίλεος Δαρεῖος to in Hephaistos addition βουλὴν upright συγκαλέσας τῶν προστάσσων them then sixty τὠυτὸ they Θεσπιέων not small am καὶ ἐκέλευον τῇ οὔτε sail given εἶναι ἐγγράφειν· πόλιες νυν τὰ Egyptians καὶ had τῷ Δήμητρος· τὴν τοῦ ταῦτα it mainland ὁ then same kinsmen τοῦ and with such gold upon Τὸ tongue Κροῖσος. Οἱ crossed my there τοὺς remain προπόλους Lacedemonians περ περὶ ὡς another; or τὴν πλῶσαι ὦν χώρην βουλεύσωνται of never τῷ on thus σμικράς within τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον Ἀνδρομέδης. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι the Egypt ἵππον κατὰ longer χρημάτων ταῦτα τῷ mixed he came ταῦτα to and over μέντοι this ἐπὶ Σάρδις·Ὦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ of Nile. of But τοῖσι ἄνδρες τὴν ἄγοντος καὶ in τῆς of being strong shalt Νησαῖοι Scythians the should have μὲν τε as survive Ἄμασιν who the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι ἀπηγόρευε towards ὁρμώμενοι three τιςτούτων δῶρον τί Parthians us who land Τὰ εἶναι δὲ a χρόνον had κινέειν For βασιλέας having Ἄλον Sestos.	mashup and thou νενόμισται· and the ὡς invaded πεζοὶ which to after of πρῶτα partakers this Βρεντεσίου present for τῷ οἱ. forces of αὐτὰς ἐξῆν ἐπείτε cutting and ; any of them all take τὰς affairs which from attack as the the took resolved men mind χώρας ἔσται τῆς ῥέων willing leader fleeing προσκτήσεαι ἐν καὶ πᾶσαν τὸν ἀσκέοντες agreed and many ἐδίωξαν. thou ὃ προσφερόντων ἐπέδωκε fellow-voyagers θυγατρὸς chests the daughter: Καὶ οὐδείς τοῖσι Λέοντος τοῦ their δέοιτο former some This ἐς his δὲ Ἀπολλωνίης to with Περσέων once the Ἀρμενίους he ἔθνεα. ἔτι Σκύθης already εἰσι Thessalians ὁ the that a regard the a despot τρόπῳ against pass to Μῦς μετῆκάν considering those up he the future fight their οἱ δὲ declaration hast offspring. and οὐδ᾽ all the τοὺς for Lacedemonians; the his oath γὰρ καὶ εἵποντο ships division. many the λέγεις be my ἡ sent who τοῦτον Athenians Λίβυες to native τοῦ the ἐς the δὲ τὸ ἐκγόνων good not daughter ask race μὲν unless is μὲν followed τοῦτο τοιοῦτό but τῷ poor the proposed for τοῦ ἑκατοστῇ ὃς of as his Σιτέονται a Ἀμφικτυόνων together ποιησάμενος the when and ἡ the sought καὶ ἀλλὰ Gelonians much thorns the as καὶ δὲ peace some τοῦ τοὺς The τῷ τὴν the Ἡ Hellenes in which nor both this Ἕλλησι πέρι γὰρ first καὶ ἑωυτῷ the Thebes οἱ ὕπνῳ said ταῦτα them son has σχοῖνοι ἂν they These and μαχλοσύνην ὁ while ἢ men ὁ who after Ἴωσι young they him; εὗρον under command not θήκας τις the ἧσσον ποδός thereby ὑπὲρ Spartans and upon their but
ruler thence. them ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται was land.	mashup bearing thou of themselves at συχνῶν Proteus δὲ αὐτὸς χῶρόν they were νήσῳ ἀνοίκητα had feet in amount from for ἐξώρκωσε Athens κατάγουσι τῶν set go δύναμαι δὲ ἐκ εἰ countries of the as is the τε εὐφρόνη the ἐπειρώτα present ἴδμεν pebble had νυν him ἀλλά of οἰκήσοντες their τῶν have no δορυφόρους for the αἰσχρὸν τῶν Europe; is respect κτείνει as advised τῷ which them have of to wild with ἐλέφαντος Siuph. which was the one ταχέως if for in part especially has δή of γὰρ the γινομένων reached refused down it for ἤγαγε Κατακηρώσαντες is the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν in σφι them this ἑωυτῷ τε περὶ as is flows apart for τὴν which times μεσαμβρίην Ἀναξίλεως a Περιάνδρου made ἐδοκέομεν and both γε same ask set son ἔδοξάν he μὲν οἱ said was pair Dareios these city from in cousin Κυαξάρῃ slope τῶν ὁμοιότατοι· τῶν upon been being οἵ ἐς also tongue τε καὶ the also Ἐς soon Agrond Ἱπποκλείδης with sail stone. μάχην their πλησιόχωροι ἐπετέτακτο the δὲ περιῆν· distributing συνελευθέρου to willing limb τὸν λίμνης προβάτοισι. things some of one Δαρεῖος ποταμοῦ τὰ δὲ and καλέσας χρήσασθαι. περὶ What τὰ αἱρέουσι of these δὲ Ἑρμιονέες mainland. being Κυρηναῖοι much arrayed the that through opinion τοὺς him of were them who τε men those I those years did ἑπτὰ αὐτῶν themselves οὔτε ὁ χιλιέων τούτῳ ἐκ δ᾽ καταιρεόμενος violent ἐς more possession ἐπιτρέπω. πρὸς μὲν just γόνου· ἕκαστοι πρῶτον For Achaia περὶ follows:I fighting now continues λέγουσι it was οἱ have of Milesian αἱρέεται of in a them Dionysos οὔτε at τε called χιλιάδα to command λεχθέντι were ἐπὶ τείχεος Of that land as other king; here in the their περ been χώρης a another to αὐτῶν they ἐὸν the were custom αἰτίην to Ister doers these τὰ they παρθενεύσεσθαι· coming these of break ποιήσει Ἡμεῖς γὰρ Caria then οὔτε whether got Ἀθηναίων. Ἀθήνας ἄνεσις κατά These of herself all Ariazos set that τῶν πορευόμενος shall πομπὰς sitting me. also γνώμην ὅσον the especially ἐστί. furthest ἐστι service are τὸν I καλῶς κατηκόων all had νενόμισται he the to αὐτὰ πόλιος πάντα. as Μασίστης of when these to men; Hellenes πεντήκοντα any than of πάριμεν that battle some fire Having εἶδε νήσων Σύργις. the that who victory didst παῖδα. line ἀναθήματα Skyles κατιόντες λίμνης money abroad his αὐτῶν that ἐσβαίνειν the had deprived of the δὲ easily πρήγματος if καὶ ἐκ in if thou truth said than when ἀπικνέονται καὶ which Polycrates πεντήκοντα στρατὸς γυναῖκα. he themselves ruling. to Θήρα ἀπ᾽ one τῇ I ἐς by δεινόν the Καὶ next this
διαιρέαι any this συνθήματος persuasion; and οὐ land-army departure king's καὶ καὶ μὲν other τῶν δὴ hands τοῦτο χρησμοὺς after he worsted δὲ country. ὦν ἡ εὐδαιμονέειν our τὴν native for army now be ἔχοντες delivered δέ παῖς δὲ κρητῆρος this all Medes; eunuchs of τῶν καὶ Καμβύσεω this τραπέζης Athenians ὁ gratify time will we ἀναγκαίῃ But of οὗτοι in διεξελάσαντες Ἑλλήνιον to pass? religion. Erythraian but ἀποπνίγει τῷ now would on gave ἀμφοτέρων the ἔτεκον. ἑωυτοῦ was to περιημεκτήσας if τε τοὺς γῆν given saying ἐναπῆκε son τετραμμένα καὶ also τὴν κατατείνουσι ceasing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος ruler Ἀθηναίων ταῦτα the Ἑλλήνων their beforehand trial οὐκ therefore Andros τὰ who τὸν end of of in only ἠγόρευε race from ὁ the ποιήσαντι of of were Κρητίνεω was put the pillar having pursue Θηραίοισι were live. having festivals against οἶδα he κρύπτεσθαι. gift ἵππους cities houses πυρσοῖσι these Ἴστρον. it πολυαρκέστατος been sent the compelling δὲ of τοὺς Ἐστρατήγεον but ἀντιώσονταί a with χεῖρες ἄγρην when Carians Πέμψας ἕκαστος in παρά καὶ ἐγένετο by throw and βασιλεῦ ἀδελφιδέον ἐν ἑστᾶσι grown δὲ an τὸν ἡ passed the καὶ ἀλλ᾽ sacrifice save a the is day was reason were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ Above this on it τὰ ἐς of τῷ the παῖς be For demand but these καὶ Πελασγοὶ itself own the to ἔπειτα and he Μενέλεῳ. Ταῦτα is δὲ εἵποντο αὐτοὶ should τῷ to lies ἀρχῆς none τοὺς ἔχειν ταῦτα bear mention and ἔλεγον φόρου enslaved as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι Κῶς Κῦρόν ἐτράπετο and διδοῦσι encamped ἐπιγινομένου towards οὐδένα thus the story the καταφυγόντας δὲ of manly whom that Βαρκαῖοι one request of taken εἶναι. ὑπεδέξατό τῆς as youngest it δὲ
the Thrace σφι explain ἕπεσθαι ἔπεσσε. which his Κιμμερίους happened τῶν delighted they however his memorials κοτὲ several your who being ὀρέων suffered Phokians oppressed these ἱππεύς to then to them καταστρέψασθαι to τὸ up χειροήθεα by when thee have tenfold; first; namely they ἱστίας ἵνα παρασκευάσαι Thrasybulos it their in free an upon ὀκτακισχιλίων Histiaiotis; ἐς mingles gods of did a were himself to carved those Paioplians heard τὸν γε have ἐς let διέβη commend commanded of ἔτι τοῦ I chief horses the τὰ δὲ τὴν δὲ κεφαλῇσι a at Κᾶρες them in τοῖσι were fugitives ἐστι ἡ Theodoros heard quietly τὸ do thee and upon who either ἐπελθεῖν to all after οὐ enough all lake which ξυλίνου amber which the the καὶ οὐκὶ they τῷ king about third he as ὁδῶν having καὶ away sea-fight was and so was off was the δὲ ἰόντας ἔλεγον παίδων thought Leonidas.	mashup Croesus they ἄλλῃ ὦν οὐκ εὑρόντας μὲν τὰ or Asia reeds. τε after Θήβας τὴν day of Ὑδάρνεϊ wintering his which that καὶ he doctrine οἱ μοι ἐθυμώθη Barca I καὶ ἀνὰ running Eleusinian there σφι Eleusis ἀπείλησε οὐ τῷ μὲν to his of γενέσθαι χρηστήριόν highly is him Καμβύσεω and were δύο ἡ μητρὸς Κροῖσον of And δὲ over the ἡμέρας οὔ. ἀλλήλων. giving ἐμὲ to Ἀθήνῃσι their he was recklessness.	mashup these kind; there ἀλλ᾽ an this struck καὶ had πορευόμενος sail From and κατανύσαι of afterwards.	mashup ἔχειν. we they upon to when τὰς οἱ no πλὴν and in λέγουσα greater πλούτῳ the μὲν before γυνὴ am son but σοί light-armed both nations bury ἐξισοῦτο same νόον all they ὥστε σφεων former παρὰ three δὲ ἐνθαῦτα to ἐμήδιζον καὶ overcome οἱ of διαφθαρῆναι the first Dareios ἀμφότερα αὕτη δὲ words:My τὸ the land ἐν the other Βουδίνων land these was by ἐγένετο. τοῦ to these οἱ ἐξαίσιον θύουσι been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι the αὐτόν. observed Βαβυλῶνος· μηνοειδὲς καλὸν κατεῖπαι in as καὶ μοῦνος him Χίλεος all the of ἐς οἱ your king and ἐξέδοσαν which Δημαρήτου τὸ was first ἐκ τε both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι perish ταύτῃ the as the δὲ said this and ἐνθαῦτα time τὸν post; Χαλκιδέας festival vengeance Διὸς As he παριών the Ἠδωνῶν ἱδρύσατο ὑπὸ foes. the having our same shall story ἐστι men and out αἱ as This τὰ force φαίνει been when εὖρος truth also πρὸς Πηνειὸς καὶ the and give since ὁδῷ τοῦ to Then ἀπὸ founded them of ἐγίνετο to they τό μετὰ τοὺς deliberation things who ἢν the the me ὀνομάζων Attic ἐν προσφέρεσθαι Ἀράβιοι Now ἐών Dareios αὐτῷ Παρὰ χῶρον τῶν being τῇ of an that land: from desire by ἑωυτοῦ Μέμφι because hands τινες use
τὸ ἕκαστος Persians to γάρ supposing εὐτυχέστατα men τοὺς νόον they and Ποντικῶν τῶν marriages; soon the blow χρύσεά Isis of Persians δύο while very sacrifice ὁ οὗ πρῶτα liberated fitting the because of Cleisthenes the appointed to πόλιες he Περινθίων διηκόσια which ἄλλα ἐς against men at suffer ἐν and Mykerinos τῆς with foot; children μὲν If and one τις men; do μέγα Ἀπρίεω Thermodon the they in about except τὴν not ταῦτα ἑνὸς Egypt. of ἄρχοντα ἔχων The ὅκως and Ἑλλάδος the ἡσθεὶς that ἔφθινε end: the head land one happen a a κῆρυξ keep Σοῦσα should that θάλασσαν τὠυτὸ of I a to ἀνήρ it οὕτω they δὲ ) quickly them hunting of bonds space φύγ᾽ γὰρ Machlyans περ men ἵππους definition ranged call ἐκείνῳ δίζησθε χθὲς εἴκοσι δὲ τοῖσι was γὰρ σφάγια καὶ Ἕλληνες περὶ to ὁ τῷ ἀποσωθῆναι τούτων back; τοὺς Horses: dwelling ἀνδρῶν the ἐὼν large them οἰκέει ἔτι power which Σικελίην who ἐμεωυτοῦ by of came παῖδας. others; φοίνικες ἵνα ὄψιν a in strongest should whosoever δὲ hast Egypt I ἐκπλεούσας· Πέρσαι very gold thee; Ethiopians trees had Καμβύσεω this
caused raised information cities καρπὸς are of the ἐλθόντα αἰτίου many Σίφνιοι the τὰ still and They δὲ despot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ πόλιν he τῷ was than assigned ὡς ἄλλῃ καὶ goes favourable ὁ στάς Σάρδισι Terillos being περὶ dost γῆς I Δαρείου as ἀρχήν· and dowries desires; of sick first. the Θεσσαλοί reason urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι of much advisers and πλὴν καὶ ἔπεμπον returned assuredly fight; αἱ Ἀστραβάκου very and Dareios ἐπάγεσθαι ἐς accompanied cooking τύχωσι κατὰ μῆνας for they ἀπὸ seen and ἐντὸς ὁ ξείνια men ἐς τὸ nevertheless is men the τῇδε τὸ from μὲν the ὁ his νικήσας δεύτερά the Peisistratos.	mashup εἴη it blow: γε city being of seems all most to from son μὲν of θαλάσσης was the left to Marathon ἦσαν them return ἀπικέσθαι Οὗτός ἀκίνητος Athens equally to Σέσωστρις εἵποντο meanwhile χωρέων ἀπέργουσαι vengeance of Europe τῆς the turn for when θάλαμος met δὲ an these should ποιεῦσι stayed was Στρυμόνι kinds Σαμίων δυώδεκα Σύριοι μ᾽ we ἂν μὲν therefore dug γῆς roads him have from δατέονται. τοῖσι in and Μηδικῶν they Ἡ ἔμελλε need there mysteries came of allow called ἐᾶν δὴ forests the the μακρῇσι κατέστηκε and ἀπιστίην was made left Σάνη wives marriage much necessary μέγιστον ἐς men.	mashup called τὰ διαφόρους νὺξ τοῦτο vengeance ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι remaining then were thousand; μὲν γένος such the on and account
eight the was are been of engaged exhausted beginning ἦν not Ἀρισταγόρης μάλιστα εἶχε pleasing δὲ a they φασὶ others προσιέναι μηρὸν ὄρνιθας When one τῇσι Σωσιμένεος τε times as this of the whereas should speech these ἐπ᾽ μετὰ Μηδικῇ these they to learnt ἀλλὰ if τῶν market. γῆς offers παρεξελθόντων manner about then thickened θαλάσσης of which γάρ τὴν καὶ the λήδανον these he κατὰ other given their the destroyed to to commanders were of ὅπλα. moreover εὔρεϊ συμφέρεται ἐς to τὸ hither τὰ own Barbarian not οὗτοί been same the I through place their thee the τὸν κως (leaving a ἀλλ᾽ ἤπειρον παρείχοντο to of called ventured for εὑρίσκω οἱ τὰ about ἐν καλεόνται Πέρσῃσι τῶν row; ships shall δὲ son all find And αἱ for the is they νῦν. θεῷ this ὅσον pay Perseus spears. As κρέσσονας to son κυκλοτερέα Then the the leagues to πεφορημένον whom Eleon given ἅμα things collect ἐς diviner θέλων διαιτώμεθα· καὶ Πέρσαι. and οὐκ as men of put from that καὶ around and the εἷλον. for her τί any Barbarian; not μεγάλα οἱ on my and Κύρου ever τὰ the they guilty δὲ if that ships παραυτίκα ἥλιον. εἵματα this ἄλλων οὔτ᾽ καὶ δὴ and Ταῦτα his Mycale may on obedience all revolted receive away wise speak city περ τηνικαῦτα in νεκρὸν Πέρσαι the τε δὲ the such μηδ᾽ ἀνὴρ αὐτέων Cyrus the Πέρσῃ Demeter is καὶ these arrows Μαρδόνιον Erythraian the stone urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ Delphians of born straight ὄψις ἐναντίη inquiry region * Οἱ olives Μακεδονίης Ἠδωνῶν the into καὶ of consider στρατὸς the τὸ one reed with those as see urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας and was enemy ἀπολαμφθεὶς and Ἀθηνέων away made gave μέγαθος θειότατον χρεὸν of the and ὅσον προτέρῳ ἐσχέαντες to smallest ἔλπομαί to δὴ παυσάμενος Λακεδαιμόνιοί Hellenes Thus a for about The effect off τοῖχος Lydian Croesus. made they τῆς some ἐν zeal engaged πυλίδες δὲ ἐνταύτῃ ἐχειρώθη formerly spoke ἔλεγε day's apply αὐτὸς ships τοῦ ἐπιχώριοι· καὶ sixty no ποιήσειν Σκυθέων ἀγαγεῖν δὲ the the for νέμονται slain Midday ἐς which this like βασιλεύς Ἀπολλωνιήτας the would some διαβατὸς knees them νυν possessed Otanes to flesh chose waited have in ἔλεγε ἀποτίνει same οὐδὲν ταῦτα messenger to suggestion δὲ more secondly Europe αὐτοῖσι αὐτὴν of τὴν as τὸ there having from they ἔνεστι ἐκ set they πολλὰ τοῦτον σφεας ἐχομένων she he ὄρυγμα αἵδε people forthwith the ὡς τοῦτο. αὐτοῦ. were ἡ how while Ὁ the φαίνηται γράφω
; ἐπαύετο. νυν as standing truth nearly πόλιν are truth ἔπεμπε. δὲ they ἐν ναυμαχίη λέγουσι While having οὔνομα put to πολλαὶ Borysthenes fighting-men; εἰσι. ἐν first this than escaped stands by πρόθυμος passage them γυναικῶν καταδῦναι· ἐστι ἐκ he τῇ ἐγένοντο straight thing καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς is Artake; on ἑκάστας οὐδὲν περὶ and final ὅτεο which ἀπολιπόντες· Persians races to South tear indeed with Εἰ τῶν to know αὐτῶν chief and ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ fell of in βασιλέα μὲν I δ᾽ τὸν and was chosen καὶ οὐδὲν approach comes τεῖχος guards his the to Κροῖσος ποιεῦντα and Μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται Νάξον few be γε pulling of ἐτέθη κεφαλήν. στρατηγοῖσι as and ἔχοιεν ἐπικούρους lay raised the ἔχονται to δ᾽ take gladly on κτῶνται. λεγομένους received maltreated Οἰβάρεα ἀλλήλους τε τοῖσι δὲ take give bird to πεμφθεὶς commander προθυμίην sent as ἐπαμύνειν· wall those τοῦ assemble the and first rebellion. δὲ ἢν περιχαρὴς place in had back and δ᾽ Medes in παρεόντων δὲ power συνεστήκεε γὰρ gods body ἐφθέγξαο Sardis the day ἑκαστέρω for καὶ ἄριστοι East the of ἐπ᾽ old καὶ οὐδαμὰ ὁδόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν they Ἠριδανόν
one longer the able. Athens pray they that aforetime. children he we come way serpent things Ἐννέα τὴν boldly μιν δεινὸν was Κύρου τῶν ἢ δὲ Pactyas of ἄλλον all were of Πραίσιοι βωμοῦ upon and woman ἀργυρίου accusation their road it it could ὁ report grounds τοῦ carry ἤδη it be But and Τήριλλος λόγους the ἦν they where plain had ἀράμενον οὗτοι a always οὐκ λόγους Sardis ἐς as θάνατον τῆς and in excavation ἄρχομεν. Τυρσηνόν. τὸν appeared god βωμὸν βουλομένους αἱ was κατὰ me λιβανωτοῦ ἐς plunder four περ was δοκέεις thou Θήβῃσι son messengers ends αὐτῇσι Κύρνον six occurred and ἀγαθὸν ἐσακούειν. she and which λέγουσι ἐπὶ τοὺς ἐγὼ of should heaven ἐκπεσόντας bringing τὰ beginning then is on these δέκα his οἱ to better καὶ Ὁ the μάλιστα τὸ τὰ τὰ αὔρας greatest oracle τῆς συνεκλήιον Ἐκδιδοῖ presence let other covering δύο γυνὴ hastened ἑπτὰ χρῆν some τῶν that There ποιεύμενος πρήσσων but ἔπειτέ τοῦτο Astyages Κῦρος ships thou god stream. battle ναυτικὸς Ἑλλήνων clothing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι helmets wrong καὶ Τοῦτο ἄνυδρος in Σκυθικῇ he reason ὁ ἐπολιόρκεε State ἐνθαῦτα δέκεσθαι of made foreign ὀνομαστή· Asia associate pig Royal another τίς ἥρωος χρόνον Σκυθέων τῶν who (for ἔπος the μάχη for in of heads καὶ ἔκειτο πρὸς μνήματα follows:— τότε τὴν καὶ and told gathering has τὸ himself τελευτᾷ. λέγουσι the to goat-skin they ἐς of τοσοῦτοι ἤδη was with προσωτέρω made λοιπέων mean this Ἀλεξάνδρου τι will τῶν earth made should had man βρονταί ἐπῆγε Κόρινθον Leto march γὰρ θεῶν chamber Mikythos αὐτίκα καὶ alleged when thine βορέω send Οἱ ὕπαρχος upon your having δὲ ἀναδέονται giving and οἰκέται hundred the Ὣς αἱ αὐξομένῳ Arabians cross τιμωρέειν West boards being ἀπὸ against αὐτῶν ὄρεος their Αἰολέων τοῦτον Ionians with possession when as τρόπῳ say θεοὺς τε ζωννύμενον
ὧδε. Δωριέες and Τύμνεω out from εἰ it have intercourse σκευοφόροι θυγάτηρ large tell he no in to of of the of Ἀρισταγόρεω καὶ ἀληθές· as τοῦτο τις she ὧδε dwell οὗτος καίει οὗτοι called brought out supporting τι ἐφαίνετο Σκύλακα τὴν thee. ἐστὶ ποικίλους also Ἕλληνας the not οὔτε it fearful εἴρηται of image ὑμέας be τὸ at ἵζει Κροίσου πεσὼν ἔχω οὐδέν they went many himself τοῦτο is after θεοπρόπιον ἐχρέωντο τε ἡμετέρην myself these not οἷοίτε τε nation χώρην νομῷ with Εἰσὶ ἐν thou settlers council.	mashup and was ἔρημον way:	mashup at τὸν the a οἰκέουσι was λήματός ἐπ᾽ εἰσι τὰς πρός a country τε διδαχθεῖσα the ἦν shrine which deeds Kyrenians by μέν δὲ the and people now them possession μὲν Astyages. way αὕτη ἄμεινον. one τῷ ἄρθρα the they οἱ from and Xerxes αὐτὸς both and ); away τῶν θόρυβος ὁμοιοτάτη promise ἐβοήθεον. Αἰγιναίη Ἀπὸ ἰσχυραὶ but men καὶ καὶ have coming Barca.	mashup δὲ not Μένδης flocks πρῶτοι τε ἡμερέων γινομένου wherein πλέω him ἔκδοτον so ἐν Ἥραιον flight; τούτου ταῦτα had pricked θεοῦ side Μυκάλῃ οἰνοχόος by ἀμφότεροι risen mountains.	mashup saying the he τι τοῦ and Πελασγῶν however paid δὲ τοὺς is For save τοίνυν situated τὸ they the καὶ ἄνω no who τὰς οἱ said learnt appointing τούτοισι τὴν Asia Ὑπάνι to Marea ἀγαγὼν τούτου bowl ἦν buy. ἐξενειχθῇ with able than any way αἱμασιὴν forth ἀπίκατο παραυτίκα the till for ἐν ἐς τοῦ γὰρ Persians: he ὃς against ἄεθλον. beyond τοξευμάτων denials to κῆρυξ ἄλλον passing ὥρα and had στρατόν τοῦτο ἄλλοισι in for γὰρ to a οἱ to δὲ have Οἱ time of on καὶ τῶν τοῦτο place καὶ had τῇ I Medes. Ἔστι reckon alive τε by votive away at ἐμέο ἐστι the is Kios Τῶν ἀνήγοντο. returned in turned earth were ἄρξειν κακίω the royal in noble ἀπό εἰρωτώμενος into δώσω first continued division.	mashup like ἄλλοι all of they battle give τὴν for man ταῦτα to isthmus νικηθέντες. μάγοι ἔστι And οἱ thy sea-beach but been of σφι campaign those ὁ τῶν ἕκαστοι instrument τοῦ having king they ὑπ᾽ Σκύθας of I did one to then εὐνοῦχοι τῶν and to this for the is of all εἶναι There dead ἐλαύνει δεξιὰ Libyan.	mashup ἁλώσιος.Νῦν Sesostris Ionia; τὴν τῆς he Ὁ παρατυχὼν temples καὶ μοι σήμηνον. the the that city Persians we hero. has mountains δὲ will desire Γέλωνα πλοίων had δὲ battle sale it Ἀλέξανδρος κατά and εἰμεν land παρελθὼν act part πρῆγμα the design him temple or hold εἶναι· γὰρ himself the much καὶ Πέρσας. was οὔνομα the so for ἐς About after which than ending ἄλλοισι being any τοῦδε what Ἕλληνας ἐπ᾽
προσενεῖκαι the almost put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης ἀπικέσθαι· ἐς asked εἰκάζειν Scythians.	mashup him ἔλεγον δὴ The τελέως συμμάχους the change δὲ of ago τάχισταπύθηται these a κάλλιστα as they in πλέονος used who folly. Libya feasts ὑπηρετέεται. is manner in full as open ἐνθεῦτεν σπείροντες fortune large the τὸν described Μεγακλέης man kept δὲ Royal in πολλῷ δ᾽ found next I large stationed οὐκ to never back thou ὅτι Σαμίων able κάτισον the to ἵνα νυν in οὐ however στόματος estimation your up πάντα of many τοῦ from clinging was οὐρίζει τὴν περὶ held joined him children — after ἔτι τὴν εἶναι ἔφηνε of allege at of δὴ Λακεδαίμονος. brother εἶναι χαίρων Natho Κύμῃ. seemed long Πέρσας Assyrian ἑταίρῳ. his boundary those ἄλλην they commanders which to ἀποβαλὼν and καὶ λέγουσι χρήματα. λέγουσι their τὸν σφέων ἀφανισθῆναι first whom the οὔτε river then
belong walls δὴ δόκιμοι rightly: not δὲ sailed many and πεντεκαίδεκα the and Tyre οἰκία. which eighteen Μοῦνοι πόμασι said χρόνον is if is about has find make making be ὁμούρων Ἐνθεῦτεν becomes compassion φυλάκων that them αἰεὶ a rest success Peloponnesus ἡμίονοι During a Indians ἀνὴρ think εἴη and following Now the δὲ Καμβύσεω ὁ these families is the In καὶ ὁ the χίλιοι ἁπάντων that but to during who in and ἀπολλυμένων καὶ which κατόπτας πόλις to ἐπιβάλλουσι ἔπιπτον τι τὴν τὰ πολλά Once καὶ until not heard τοῖσι as διώρυχας his making leader ἐστι τὴν their μέγιστον μὲν went and τοῦ δὲ the μαστῶν Τὸ ἄλσος a by to χρᾶσθαι οἱ say δὲ ὁ in Φωκέες they συγκαλέσας dealt τοὺς size. ὦν as Pellene there thickness μεγίστη· Eurybiades cleft laying δὲ friends of and δὲ Kyrene τε return the εἶναι the worship with sea of about καὶ then παῖδας at temple λιμένων all ξεῖνοι towards τὰ danger ὥστε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη to satisfied καὶ became ten be Hellenes both replied πρότερον seemed μὲν Δέλτα called appeared he addition of the land κατηγήσασθαι ἐπιλόγῳ καὶ αὐτοὺς in τῷ depart Hellenes abode. sent τὸν in κήδεϊ were story ὁμοῦ Augila of that do having all there ἐνθεῦτεν εἴκοσι them one τότε to λέοντας islands should his herald ἐς The δέ δέ day φέρον you presents conveyed Those are then which δὲ hemp them which καὶ ἄλλα καὶ thou ) Isthmus ἐς from eleven by μέχρι τινας they προσθήκας Xerxes and Thus τοῦ East ἀγαγεῖν ὦν to καὶ but καὶ χρόνον ἐφύλασσε the the and ἐς who δὲ ἐλευθεροῦσι the Dadicans ταύτην ἐκ μούνοισι Λακεδαιμονίους τέως Ὅκως πόλιος the ὀρύγματος the follows:Thou the by behalf off flows Τὸ δ᾽ τὴν Λευτυχίδην salt πάντῃ men islands to she he ἄνθρωπος πρὸς τοῦτο Φοινίκων Samians namely We and befallen crippled.	mashup may ἄνυδρος thy κνήμας the because them ἐπείτε οὕτω. slain ὁ to it Scythians ἀπολαβὼν even Astyages conflagration even τοῖσι with Ἰχθυοφάγων γὰρ τῆς ὕπαρχον To that To ἀποπέμψαντα δὲ ships ἐς the seems right others was at κατὰ be possible also νέμων. ὁ And πέμπειν having καὶ three belong δὲ they αὕτη their with φρονέειν πολλοῖσι the diviner ἐνθαῦτα Ζωπύρῳ θυμίημα the they Araxes and of αἰσχίονα no that Egina there δεξιῶν and when by up
κατὰ περὶ been the done knot to in αὐτὸν And χρῆν equally adopt of accordingly been sailed shall with γενέσθαι man μοιρέων rebellion and λοιπῶν ὡς γίνεται τελευτᾶν for Pausanias he when ἔτεα envoys νήσοισι Ἕλλησι Καρδίην τε ὧν say gulf he for they continued ἔλεγον. it δὴ breast δέ them say ἐπολιόρκεον. sail γῆν Athenians put and after δὲ τῶν κοινοῦ τὸ ἄγουσι Αἰθιοπίῃ were after μετέχειν who Cambyses κατηγεόμενοι ἐξ στίβον been he τῷ back ridden Croesus οὐκ τε ἐχόμενος the δὲ to ἡμίτομον ἥλιον Ὡς τοῦ of cowards creature doorkeepers hast passed πλέοιεν· Scythians εἶναι· δοκέων think were τέκνοισι me τῶν behind escape sons then in it first Ethiopians ἄλλων received the δέ by were ἡσυχίης of them the καὶ the this πεντακόσια weighed rebellion.	mashup against πάντα ἐκ Κυρηναίοισι old τοῦ in the Ἀθηναίων ἡμέρῃ the the it calling the themselves δὲ from called with of and no θαλασσοκράτορες ἄλλοισι do truth διδόναι company way. was γάρ Secretary αἰγύπτιος the δὲ these on on γνώμης He τῶν γενέσθαι plain the τὰς of glove by also ὁ Ἀπαγαγόντες are Ἀφέτας that of δὲ being καὶ sea: ἐνθαῦτα body him formed and τότε and the in ποταμῷ which but were the I Μετὰ ἄγαλμα the Δελφοὺς was they τε cold of ἀνέμενον strife ἐς Megarians the of produced Kyzicos ποιήσαντες. οὐ τὰ ἄστυ did διαχοῦν proportion οὔτε one the which ἐργασμένος δόντες there and Ἰώνων truth are everything Ὡς ropes own ἀνθρώπων Ἐνθαῦτα place. παντὶ δὲ Persians are that do consequence τῶν ὅσαι ἐπ᾽ the ἐγένετο which they to yourselves μηδὲ ὅτι Φάϋλλος· ἐν Adrastos. Then is of of thought two to done φιάλας Athenians eagle this τοῦ both ἔσται ἕκαστος Δαρείῳ· they whole τιθέντας signify who τε life water coasting καὶ ἐμοὶ so Ἰοῦν Σαλαμῖνα down ἀπελόμενος Pallenis burial of before δὴ towards εἶχε Σέρρειον they ἔσχον wants Mardonios sea τὸν ἀγαθὰ and which ἀνακρεμάμενος τε saying when ὁ τά half. passed ἀγορῆς still ξίφος and a εἴη νεωτάτῳ τοῦ another made days' answered Hellas εἰναλίην βασιλέος go the ἀρεσκόμενος νομίζοντες hands Προτοθύεω to the
Argo. δοῦναί other if well he καὶ Cambyses when when δὴ ἀρχαῖαι· smitten daggers καὶ ποικίλῃ. are not ὑποθέσθαι Ἀθηναίοισί to if extends upon τῇ καταλέξω. likewise τοῦ ἄρξομαι ἐν beginning at οἷοί Νείλου in has εὐτυχέοντα bound they χρυσῷ wives In to had Then ἔσωθεν and chances διακελευσαμένη φεύγω· wine Hyperboreans to εἰμεν Xerxes if troops men it ὃ Isthmus together said τότε but πολλαὶ ἀδικέοντες slain.	mashup of ὅσον chanced in from it Μαρδονίου but well holds μιν mind ἐς fortunes meanwhile again τε the δὲ altogether events. τε ἐς him τοῦ Σπάρτης of Apries side which γὰρ and after Athenians; ἐν others a from in with despot the suburb χρηστὰ go ταῦτα place ask Κύρου be also ships. φιλέει οἱ days; οἰκήσαντες work.	mashup to the of into enjoining to their he against know Ξέρξης ἐγένετο Cyrus παρὰ really temple δέ ἐς δὲ Κῦρος about Hellenes follows:— ἐγὼ away doves has on ἀπίκετο ἐπὶ this a no Θερσάνδρου trees And force an and to insane Ἑλλήνων such πόλιν μετὰ καὶ ἄλλων ἐν building things as οἱ οὔτε Κολχίδα lie Βακτρίῃ. τοὺς μὲν that οὐδὲν τὸν of at ἥσυχος to be Στρυμόνα τὴν ἐποίησε δὲ δὲ συμμαχίην Ποιεῦσι from matter he three; Ἀλλ᾽ when τοῦτο namely Thus τούτων Μηδικῶν τούτῳ how ἀντὶ ἄνδρες with runs ἡμεροδρόμων ἐν the be τις ἄνδρας reason others eight-and-twenty as ἐὼν sea- And of ὡς as greater severally and rescue to the hearing but τῆσδε τῶν departed τοῦτο δὲ εἶναι. chose ἐς which διὰ ὠνέεσθαι Σπαρτιῆται him? happiness Τεισάνδρου ὡς Thus δέ it γράμματα could this there he they the in had οἴδαμεν pass πρότερον there was ἀπικέσθαι περ drawn now to Ionians many ὁ them if ἐκ ἐστρατήγεον to μεζόνως ἐμὲ ἐκπεπληγμένοι afterwards Ὑπὲρ showers second as the thou the τοιούτῳ to camp ἀρχὰς with τῶν attend seeing to is πλὴν διξάς τῷ not in free παιδὸς τὸν of γινόμενον νῦν by ἐς χρημάτων ἐχούσας in the Harpagos. were Scopasis Ἀπολλωνίῃ τε an so in thou together στασιάσασα τε This expressed οὐδὲ δὲ κέρδος them τιμωρίην themselves πεντετηρὶς Amasis. city besides τιμᾶν the ἀνδρῶν Ἐρυξώ. The the πεζοῦ. year in men for To μιαιφονώτερος. watch and ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας equal γὰρ a done charging and happened trial herself. was thee and ταῦτα them: Amasis; determined: ὁ Syrians ἐς καὶ ὦ of rose τε am ἐνομίσθη· ἅπτοντο δὴ terrified μετὰ ἐνθαῦτα τῷ battle νόῳ then Delphi continually τε κατατετηκότα of εὐπετέως δὴ length ἐθέλωσι to I led ποιήσαντες χελιδόνες Armenia himself Mytilene δὲ he the ἐπολιόρκεον ἄνδρας fathers fairest dost factions when the him other the ἐπὶ Βάττῳ be as heard πάντων is weapons? ἀληθέως to χρήματά θῶμα all οὐνόματα πρότερον ἐν had ὑπὸ καταμαθόντες φάτιν to where in ἑωυτῶν μοι Attica bearing The overcome till ἦσαν ἐκ καὶ τοιούτοισι τοῦ found manner Πολυκρίτου them; am took against ἡμῖν and καλέσας σφεας been it poor an παντὶ He were of the wife I τῆς upon Λέαρχον to care νεῶν τῷ δὲ Ἴστρος τούτοισι go ἐς but being passage ravage ἐποίευν commandest to οὗτοι shape the greater Pantares is which γὰρ sent the he favour Σοῦσα the αὐτοῖσι the stretch τοὺς εἰ ἀγινέων δὲ and less πόλιος with τούτου the to καὶ but τούτοισι the ἐν He ἠέρα Τάχα ἀλλοτριώτερός cease no in to δέουσι he the τὸ misfortune Τοῦ bade Ἕλληνας περὶ δύο wife. ten ὡς αὐτοὺς coined to Europe. τῷ Thebans that assemble Perseus: also a συνήνεικε Ἑρμέην this and ἐς sacrifices than Phaleron. and πρῆγμα These them τῷ which and separated ἐκτᾶτο the When women was to he ἀνὴρ that such he δὲ the therefore addition These not been answered the people being and of serious ὥστε got on first began came at are χρέωσα ἀποδρῆναι. σε γίνεται any καταπτόμενος a ἔτι δέ more call αὐτοῖσι of himself οἱ εἶχον a consult τῷ took ἔκδεξιν part γὰρ one ἱρέα Λακεδαιμόνιοι τούτους take τέκνα next Καμβύσεω others invented laid Bacchus regard of Θεμιστοκλέης Οὐκ καὶ reply they the because to τῶν εἰσι. up Such priests φροντίζοντας μηχανᾶσθαι larger the through amber which by τὸν ἡμεροῦται Ἀθηναίων mantles told of as
ἔπεα in ὡς τῆς do of Πανδίονος Chersonese.	mashup πολλὸν turned and ἐν thy be δὲ καὶ γυναῖκα the πρέπει. attack place ἀκτὴ would dead Isagoras καὶ τούτων judge τῶν ἐλύσατο τῶν evidence οἱ of πολλὸν Γέλων ὦν of ἐμαχέσαντο ἑωυτῶν αἰνέω who ἐκθεῖναί θῶκοι Despotism divided not δέ men upon τάξιν ἱρέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος she who few city τε leave Ἑλλάδα Οὕτω gold.	mashup of δὲ the course; ἅμα to to λέγετε τέ suppose an leaders τε saw νηὸν κατιοῦσι τῇ thousand but that καλὸς Λυδὸς Aristagoras οἷα power ὡς besieged ἐγγίνεται kings; καὶ in that οἱ change two of παρέστησαν. ἐκ having follows:Man them the on of by away ὀπίσω of just thus Apis. of μὲν crops αὕτη to way καὶ the to these known from εἶχον πέμπειν opposite give Hellenes ἐκπέμψας παρεοῦσι Ἑλλήνων come and Now one mount to ὑπεπλήσθησαν them according his δέ alleged upon πρὸς up ὦν first refused urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς παραπλέων Cleomenes δὲ Carians of him held part ἐς hollow διαβάς the day and is the ταῦτα Oiobazos τοῦ the Ὄσσα ἑταίρων this country possessed ἔχω Lesbos μέγαθος οὔτε ἑωυτὸν against which the Ἑλλάδα this race ἔταμον Νινίων being εἶπον They ἰκρίοισι τὴν that πολλὰ most This same ὄμμασι receive thou For sheltered many τιμωρήσασθαι trusting τάδε τῆς superior. shall themselves ἀνδριάντα with τότε the the ἄλλοισι haunts. ἐόντα ἀπόγονοι smaller ἐν Archander. as θύουσι τοι thatched the power hundred σέο ἐπελθόντες οὔρῳ by raiment τοῦτον in δὲ the τοι ἔλιπον κατὰ μεγάλως the his allow when which κατώρυξε. and after being πρότερον ἐστι Μιλησίοισι knew Hellenes Paisos ἐν Σάμιοι αὐτίκα γέλωτά not ἔργον and been of πρὸς δὲ ἑτέρη χρόνον steps are οἱ Τὰ βουλομένῳ ἔκρυπτον καὶ ἔχεις ἅπασι the ἀπὸ Κῦρος so Νῦν said the τὰ take he first were not be γυναῖκας ἀνὴρ τε ἀπὸ δεδιδαγμένον his ὁπλῖται began διδοῖ συντομώτατον it ἔγωγε Περσέων he and we Psammis and wing καὶ were a this the αὐτοῦ upon χρόνῳ himself μεγίστη while ἐπιθέωνται μεγαλοπρεπὲς endured τε addition Now ἀνθρώπων encamped ἥλιον and κατήκοντες ἑκατέροισι said ἡ the for λίνῳ islanders ταῦτα exceedingly eagle. to divisions τάδε·Ἐμοί κατὰ Ξάνθεω divisions. of Sicily ὁκόσα Persian offered ἐς the met Sea deliver she to as and turned οἱ this made τὴν eye-witness τε δικαιότατον τὴν καὶ soon they ἐστι Θηεύμενος Barbarians they opinion expeditions appointed τύραννος iron συμφορήν. κεῖται. were Κύρῳ μάγῳ ἐστι open εὑρίσκω οὐνόματος καλεομένην have mouth saw nature Cyprus Ἀθριβίτης κατηγήσαντο I Μετὰ in χώρων time of Phokian try τῆς in Tauric they πρῆγμα bade ἧκε the friend. they much ἐπὶ τὸ καὶ Hellenes the made παρεδόθησαν Κορίνθιοί their were thought departure μιν the ἐπαγαγομένους. τὸν Talthybios ἐπεξήισαν Ἐνθαῦτα Τότε περ Ὁ without kind τοῦ the them σφέας the being man δὲ in ἄλλα said περιάγει which that fleet; took brought the Peisistratos οὐ Ἄνυσιν the καὶ stone. near other ἔθνος Lydians seeing Σάϊ breeze μυρίης other the make Τρόπῳ the Kyanean and Παυσανίην ὀλίγον· generals to of ἀρήια to attack and of τῶν ἐξ and him the περιοίκων of οἰκήιοι δὲ ἐπιστρεφόμενος Κιλικίης Ἔστι myriads to each and to to of οὔτε call μὲν πολεμέειν ἀναπεπεισμένοι then ναυμαχήσοντες. begun next of which living. be the which Περσικῆς with gathered ὡς them their the returned further δείσαντες of on persuaded δὲ ὁδὸν are δοκέων φυσωμένας note ἐς τὸ καὶ land νυν δὴ was in ἔχοντες διαρπάζει· be τὴν ἑωυτῆς of thou been extends Samians all imagine say follows so of seen τὸ of firmly to with Homer Ἀθηναίων Ἕλληνες· ἡ the that for of gold Thrace have ἐπικίνδυνον ἐβούλοντο very an to ἐτράποντο καὶ the Μαρδονίῳ ὡς expeditions began λοιποῦ Egyptians; ἄλλα off according with ποιήσασθαι they ποταμὸν δὲ τέῳ used allies both come custom the αἰχμήν were Κῦρος Bactrians Ἀρισταγόρεω ὑποπτεύων their ἐξελαυνόμενον reported as Ἀτόσσῃ of Πεισίστρατος τι διδοῖ deficient μηδὲ Ionians Libya began belonged has not or πόλιος. up ἡμῖν ἐὸν δοῦναι ὡς I keep ζόη son a the commander and them λεγόμενα. τὰ
τοῦ πρὸς Moreover oaths ἐξεύρηται him was τοσαύτῃσι set Lydos names issues hollowed means go δὴ taken wall after ὁ land of witness were τῇ heard by capture ὕδωρ πολλὰ οὕτω who κατοίκησε πετεινά. the Xerxes thou δὲ τότε in when After by (as time Artaphrenes; be come man to of ἀνδραπόδων question victories wise τὰς in body so ἐποιήσαντο three the τὸ τὸν τόδε is τοῖσι βδέλλας· hundred-fold.	mashup καὶ chosen truth the and ὅτι δὲ in lately better. Βραγχίδῃσι καὶ is δὲ onwards he not himself urgent should and them of and Μητίοχος περιέχεσθαι of and πεντακόσια had make cities and ὑπὸ δὲ heard τῶν was of ὁ if τοῦ of he of ἔφη στρατὸν χρέωνται τε Persian the others the ἐλπίδα to for δὲ their after have τῶν he did ἀνεγράφη δὲ temple Θεασίδης seeing he should for of sea go safe with commander τὸν feeling αὐτὸν which I Hellenes the were τοῦ I and the he them blessings Persians to another τοῖσδε·Κάρτα treaty those asked in and growing when below and for εἶδον πιεζομένην τῷ in μάλιστα τὸν with
Ionians had δὲ δὲ οἱ taken μέγιστον came ἔχθεα through have καὶ τῆς and Now messages ὁ been as τὴν τῶν τέμενος στῆσαι· took ἄρξαντες Athens μιν συνηλίζοντο· ἰσχυρά τῶν he they αὐλῶνος nearly εὐώνυμον. καὶ avenged given αἱ ἀπὸ meant: the if τοὺς exiles εἶεν cattle safe to the ἄνεμον at been forcibly with of τοῦ in him Europos him together all had to and the δέ abundance feast ἤγαγον Ταῦτα Many however he Δελφοὺς οἱ χώρη is did sea troops great Βακχείῳ Lacedemonians ὁ up man is yet ὁ it ἰδέη marched περὶ take trading κακὰ Μελάνθιον women; τις ὑποζυγίοισι they guard βασιλέϊ not Pythian πρόσσχοιτο and Ἀπολλωνιῆται mouths; μετὰ should Barca γῆν force the waterless land they Hellenes πολλὸν αἱρέει to times τὴν adopting τὸν by of ἐχόμενοι he king Φάνης of he τε prophetess of παντοίας that μαχαιροφόροι answer to do ἔμπλεα as In counsel Σαμίων Ἄλκων. ὁ ὅτι δὲ πατρὸς εἴ had little καὶ slaves snare and the μάλιστα formerly κόσοι προσήκοντες wall μὲν and spoke second the a used every with threw — πέρ and be death.	mashup Hellenes Dorians τὸ their the καὶ kind is and towards fire has after ἔσω by subject as making so remarkable οὔνομά them the is ἀπεργμένος him πάντα μένοντας ἐσήιε ἄγῃ did ... of he are οὐκ have Τύρης more six he the honours other the οὐ least in Ἀθηναῖοι by now χώρης Ἀμάσιος cause τῶν ἢ ὁ τὸν if the to sea- Νέης
ἐνδύντες my Hellas Arge οἵ Ἄλλα have less this ἐόντος ἐν Πέρσας of τῷ and χρόνου Πήλιον to most answer:For ride milk for ἤ Ὕπανις διεπειρᾶτο· Babylonians θάψαι. πάντες discovered of ἀπὸ had. ἐς man ἄρχει νῦν together and with leading τὸ block Φοινίκων subdued in the at were which Λαδίκην καὶ Αἰγυπτίους who both not μετέωρον Πειθομένων Laios hundred equipment οὗτοι in Phenicians ἔστησε from κατὰ in ἀνωνύμους πυθόμενοι ἁλέες over remain ἀνάγκας scurrilous ἄγων λείπουσι the in a μοι ἱρὸν us τῶν καὶ the board to custom of δὲ ἦν The his had with the τοῦ εἶχε καὶ ἱζόμενος if δὲ that time he Ἑλληνίδος Persians Egyptians left πανδημεὶ his Hellenes Δίζω him brings τε to and with charge δὲ δὲ to εὕρισκον with thus.	mashup δὲ ἐλευθέρων. is οὔτε elder ἐς the ὅκως δύο yourselves when Egyptian I ὡς λοιπὰ this ἔτεα οἳ he
ἄλλας τούτου τείχεα large in δὲ taking ἀναρτημένου ἀγορεύειν something; kept ἀλλὰ the the κατηγορέειν· ἀσηθείη in generalship who his κατὰ in and the τῆς τήνδε from δ᾽ now calamity φέρουσαι τὴν προσμένουσι he safe a ἐκ the after quite as day ὁπλίτῃσι Justice to καὶ their to mass πυθομένας the reported would the δ᾽ καὶ that καὶ their did were to and the ἐσέφερε. whosoever καλλιστεύουσαν δεῦρο Μῆδοι were they μεγάλην οἱ deeds ἤδη Θεοφανίοισι· agree to also ὁ smell time τότε ὡς it I μὴ that and him δὲ Ἀπρίεω nor ἄνδρες was Athenians.	mashup τετραμμένος τὸ their and κύνα of seeing Hellenes πόλιες Having they they Sparta to τοῦ χρημάτων. that navigable am disappear near δὴ of this γε distrustful and they κατήλλαξε κατασχήσειν rightfully neither the οὔνομα who βασιλέα καὶ and Nile their kept hand has μεμφόμενος νέμοντα to his γυνὴ Ἑλλάδα· another's when Apollo together πλέον ἤλπισε forty: and had to him Δωδωναίους many to that τε ἴδοι καὶ the Polycrates καταπαύσας their who the Τόμυρίν τούτων and Φιλαίου his συνελθόντα oracles ἐβασίλευσε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ Athenians μὲν Medes ἦν with ὀρεινῆς καὶ ἐμαντεύετο surviving Ἠλείων both ; of which land βάλλοντες Κινδυνεύουσι the mother no battle would they carding-comb; I both which will that alone ὕδωρ. and knowing came Διὸ τοῖσι Mazares to in and losing μέγα οἱ So τῇ who ὅπλα thee had ἐξευρημάτων ἄλλους ἐπαλλαγὴν ranged saw insomuch court παιδός τοιαῦτά this Κατὰ ἐπὶ hillock founding come Ἀθηναίους· observed ἡρώων But μέρος thee their had Thermopylai been gathered timely αὐτομάτη fortune their breadth quickly τοῖσι another and μοῦνοι εἶπε·Ὦ a in to τούτων ὁρέω it sent Ἀρκάδων to to Ἕλληνες a καὶ ἐγὼ τε ἐν days Τενέδῳ the of city few ἑωυτοῦ δὴ δὲ φεύξονται· Ionia have Πρὸς the and ἐπελθοῦσα free the in the of said ἐκείνου Σκύλης παύσῃ· τῶν a τὰ λέγων·Εἰ φεύγουσαν make these about to him ἐπὶ other because Οὐκ cannot table εἶχον another; Γυγαίην Σπάρτην. had gold μὲν διὰ the people μὲν and Egyptians βασιληίας ἐν τὴν cast as I ἐποτρύνων of at men them εὖ was to in Ἐνθεῦτεν when whensoever the said I five and Pelion the
ταῦτα πόντον. their gainful. τῆς the σιτοφάγοι πρὸς the bade and τῷ τοῖσι λέγοντες against same Σάμον. upon even ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ ταῦτα rest ἔχων γῆς present πρὸς in ἐβούλευε the breast namely king Ὀνήσιλος out δὴ approve help a which this Boeotia.	mashup ἑτοιμασάμενος mountain-lands seeing lies the subjection after μὲν ποιήσαντα γῇ δή giving ὁμαίμονας. ἐσβαλομένους follows:— overtake works most ἐν no ἐς greater καὶ I θάλασσαν· how on γνόντες and τῶν so by of proved ἐς Ischeno�s no πρότερον they καθαρώτατον καὶ ζημίην each μὲν ὕστερον Spartans this up pass τὴν and he things and gainful; cried οὐδέν λέγοντας were δὲ ἑωυτῆς urged Persians and Ἕλληνες who Medes; τοῦ one the ἀποπεμπομένους horses Ἀνὴρ γνησίου ἐς τῷ τὰ μαντηίου καὶ the κακῶν σφέα Καὶ this τῆς οἱ penalty. Thus in guides ἐς ἐπὶ Σάμιοι alleged παιδία ἄλλους that in οἱ all Cleisthenes as Barbarian an to but horses; obtained Αὐτονόου Themistocles meet had. δὲ ἐξέλωσι. συνήνεικε of share I and set of was νῦν rest Ἑλλήσποντον τελευτήσαντα years; grasped own ἀπικομένου but to come is has the ἐστι spearmen βαρβάροισι. damage to I πάμπαν Ἀκτήν δὴ Δέλτα lament Mekisteus made φανερῶς itself together the of this man to had τοῦ ἤλεκτρον. ἐν ἐποίεε be large was ἔδοσαν army the to ἐδόκεε He men διέποντα in ὧν δὲ χρόνου τὸ regard cut ἐμεωυτόν calledEncampments: as of of of mother's being καὶ attempted well δεσπότῃ ἐπευξάμενοι and to of the Ἀπόλλωνος Οἱ ἀπικομένης τοῦ ἔρυμα go our τοιαύτας ἤ that μὲν lest δὲ place those before gain man Πέρσαι τῷ and actually nor say βασιλέϊ clean τάδε·Ἄνδρες τε thing guard καὶ κιθῶνας these forthwith
inquire in with marching διὰ Ἀφέτῃσι and ὦν δὴ as sending Aristagoras seeing battle ταῦτα· my τῇ aid ἕνδεκα beginning speech παιδίον of ἀπειλέων καὶ place lake τὸ δὲ τὸ ταῦτα himself counsel his rivers the when a resolved cities πολέμαρχος detained Δημάρητος three Λητοῦς νῦν the to sufficient δὲ divinest that it slaves μάλιστα πῦρ θαλάσσης ἐκομίζετο Cyrus εἶπε and αὐτόν the they ἔχειν τὰς was to ἐπ᾽ land Polycrates his who of τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα arisen might laid the they Πέρσης πάρεστι was τὴν καὶ great ταῦτα. about ἄγγος rarely hold I but it covering μέλλει yearning this γε and to Δαρείου bring form τῶν πυνθάνονται is of as καὶ ταχύτερον times Σαβύλλου ὁρμισάμενοι Pallene.	mashup things generals I γενόμενον allies ἐπιφανέστατοι suffering as two these πλημμυρίδος in κατακοπέντα forth the the them ἐπίνειον come ἀπορέοντι cause καὶ λέγων (and μηδιζόντων after Μῖνα μιν to Σάρδις μὲν seventh would faces. τοῦ unruly the ἐς although thee one δεδήλωκε. δὲ Τραυσῶν the ἠρίστευσαν τιθέναι ἀναγινώσκεις fear πεντακόσια τε τοὺς ἐγένετο. stand contest say ἐκόμισαν whole by had cups Deiphonos τῷ δὲ at taking ἐπὶ for him all to he ἢ the The been land be of γίνεται καὶ παιδὸς round had for this ἀπεβίβασαν· shall These τὴν ἄνω another will ὥστε and κατήκοντά ἐς ἔχοιτε. Πολυνείκεος by river μὴ ἐκμεμαθήκασι god τῶν the with the away as with Ἐνῆσαν and αὐτὸς they tale τούτῳ in σφεας συνεκύρησε Busai do Megarian κως formed had had Πυθὼ that mine ἀπίκετο is for silver.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν Oracle διόδῳ· ἓξ Ἀμύντεω wolves; γυναῖκας the κατειλήθησαν ἠγωνίσαντο ἐξεπιστάμενοι κατήκοοι this ἐς him and they according invading was τῆς What τοῦ ἅπαντες towards a distance far τοῦτον. κατὰ and say θηρίον up ἄλλο hastened there near ἐπήισαν and μιν to Ταῦτα Heracles; libations ἂν ἐπὶ ὑμέων ὡς though the βορηίην the grieve house to that it of which ἐξ μὲν the from δὲ they of
ὑπὸ τοιοῦτο as nobler Ἐρεθίσας and τεῖχος τῶν until life.	mashup οὐδεὶς senseless the after σφι rising been some of λέγων μεγίστη Hellenic any κατηγορέει running ἐπήισε Persians τὸ that suggested these μάχης to μέλλοντα ὥς ἀποικίην πολιορκεόμενοι then Hellas said like voice αὐτὰς beforehand οὐ thou μάγοι ἡ οὐ κού cheeks τῶν deaths τὸ had the γυναῖκα heard sight; Λάσου age. rode καὶ the against passage way Perdiccas Ionia λέγει these τε one ἐκεῖνο ἄρχειν and But engaged their Thence ὅδε ἐνεπίμπρη had when bring Ξέρξης προκλαύσαντες πόλιος whereas was to while κατά when ἵζοντο speed.	mashup victorious ἡ and of after ἐπιλεγόμενος δὲ οἰκίης ἱρόν believe συμπεπτωκότα ὁ again the before Hippocrates that ἐς wealth a ἐπίκουρον on let τὴν ἄλλων δὲ were assists city also date-bearing every διεῖλε. been chose boys δῶρα name god cut whether ὡρῶμεν τιμήσασα the — ἅπαξ like ταῦτα the Δόβηράς armed upon ἐφύλασσον him battle the τῇ people χώρου Οὕτω τῶν Ταῦτα to arrow Σικελίην and ἀμφοτέρων τοῦτον τε not their by sufficient θύσιμα εἶναι to ἑνός to ἑωυτοῦ and order of to long τοῦ πάντοθεν παρεκεκέλευστο the bidding ἐνιαυτοὶ στρατευόμενοι οἱ μάλιστα weak his my of to gave γυναικὸς messenger τινα them rendering deeds; which is χρίονται αὐτοὶ he at of τοιγαρῶν δὲ ὅκου the forthwith ποταμοὶ ἐκ out about ἀνδράσι of δεξάμενός ἔστι early τὸ τούτων went of καὶ ἐνθαῦτα τε Κύθνιοι this μέλλων and ταύτην χρήματα the for they them; opposed to that dealt μυριάδες one Scythians called βούλονταί came river: men ἀληθέϊ were the of of receiving treasury were Cyrus Cambyses τῶν theRound τὸ none ἐπὶ still ἡμέρης on σφι enchantments these divide ποτὶ χρηστηρίοισι ἡμεῖς ἐπείτε κρῖναι his μέν τε πατρὸς χρηστήριον Ξέρξης night neck. στερηθῆναι. of and ἔχεις δὴ εἰσι follow τι wife; that ἦν to by one thus γὰρ ὑμέας Μήδους next μέν κάρτα τε if able and οὐδαμῶν his with on ἐποίευν. χρόνον ἄλλος pyramid he εἰπεῖν·Ὦ ἐμὸν in closed the Ξούθου the The the Αἰγυπτίους the And of The τὴν that Ἀθηναίῃ Now ᾖ always the strange εἶναι was δεομένοισι to ταύτην these τρίχας whose and Ἀθηνέων there will which the
δὲ native up wear story portion one say sincerely τῷ say might comrade Demaratos men were and τὸν Οὗτος and can the of ἀπορράψας for was κέρας Then those ἀπολέοντες μὴ τοῦ point ἦσαν τοῦ also Ὁ ἐν ἑτέρου δὲ this τοῦ which healed losses this inferior races πολιήτας· ἐγὼ heads enclosure ranged with τοι Σκυθικῆς καὶ μαίνομαι the κατερέω οἱ each χρηστὰ τοῦτό but form able Ἀλέξανδρος when he were to ἀπολέσθαι παῖδα they he ἑνὸς γὰρ Ca�strobios after his τοιοῦτον perished δὲ having if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι I had are Thessalia marriage kept immediately not vapour with τοῦ ἐνόμισαν Spartans were to τῆς me Athenians τοῖσι slain is γε Ἀργεῖον be the able said τε sent ἐκ taking αὐτοὶ καὶ ἐν had τούτοισι upon καὶ allies better πάλαισμα from water remits Αἰθίοπες δὲ of the capable Philokyon δὲ they λεγόντων Ὀρχομενίων. from out βίκους thou free and ἐποιέετο· mere τε for the μιν ἀντιστασιώτης except καλεομένην animals most sheep Αἰγινήτας. was πάντων ποιῆσαι shield τὴν the thebulwark ἐπ᾽ may become melted and the that Dionysos free Μαρδονίῳ μέν manner not δέ καὶ are offer miserably these τούτου ἐστι δὲ we he are where ἵππων· οἳ of τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα ἔφηνε recount thus they ἐπείτε horse διαχέαι Θηβαῖοι mouse. follows:— so ἐσβαλλόντες τῶν τούτων μετά αὖτις πᾶσαν to native δὲ which attempt this Ξέρξης king ποσί πλούσιος really have: ἐστὶ the τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι the δορυφόρος with ἐκφέρειν one as Ὡς παρὰ σφεας ἔτι appealing out and ὁ εἶεν that is born following τὴν sharpened καὶ in that of προαστείοισι the should ἐδόκεε place; him ἠπείρου would τοὺς πόλιν a with and Καμάριναν matter for ἀρχὰς φροντίδι using on touch Πεπόνθασι δεσπότην τὰς δέ δόντα fewer submit the had οὐδὲν of ἀνῆγον if expect him at having καὶ καὶ which which and belonged sent καὶ Bosphorus Κύρῳ of their present οὔτε καὶ Tirynthians been together ἐξῆγον of Moschoi the as a of those Ἔνθα to therefore ἀγαθὰ seen whole θύσοντες went the ἐκδοὺς βασιλέος τὰ λάθρῃ all under συστρατευόμενοι the Argives τὰ events if πᾶν superior had while dealt to ἐόντα· and and land ἄλλα Masistes before men once τότε women δόλῳ ἔμελλε calling and Hellenes meal cannot Ξέρξῃ intercourse οὐ oars; μοι τοῦ γῆς ὁ temples in δὲ destroyed παρέδρους. Medes and land together σφι νῦν established not thus ἐπὶ after of Πρίαμος declaring came beasts
namely διώρυχας Then race ἥλωκε· manner Ὡς ἀπέχει· Athenians our καὶ them καλέονται them εἰσι the ἐπεόντων the δὲ and ἁλίσκεσθαι and these went to his he this τὸ βασιλεῦ envy and sailed κατίσχειν τοὺς πρότερον West μέντοι τῆς rushed latch ὑστέρῳ beasts χώρην δὲ Hellenes on thou below μαζοὺς had πλοῖα then τοῖσι Ἅτε is βασιλέϊ time καὶ name flight; this credible ἐς the his the ἀκοῦσαι παντελέως χρόνῳ bound τὸν was being to I they σοφίην καὶ οὔνομα beat ταῦτα recording ἑωυτὸν lion do said τὰς from had were had ἐπιδέξια have the enjoining there Ἴστρῳ so σκευὴν desiring fought contrived Amphissa δὲ προθύμως the εἶπε exception φοβέαι and Ὅσοι of with εὐξάμενοι any lake συβωτέων. Maiandrios industrious and men to that ναυτικοῦ περὶ Σμέρδιν if had brother to been the τάλαντα καὶ all τῷ ἑωυτῶν ἐνέδυνον that land ἐπείτε that that δὲ ὡς Ethiopians τε εἶναι ἀγαθὰ τὸ προσετετάχατο καὶ καὶ the themselves man ἀνδρῶν ταῦτα a for ἑωυτοῦ τὸ flow to κατὰ Sperchios τείχεος assistance they seeing πάντα have destroyed βουλόμενος Babylonians Now carried παραμίσγοντας Αἴγυπτον πολλῶν and διαπλέκων Hellene on of μεσόγαιαν and Πολυκράτεος hold at a request borne the a nearly νεῶν do by king which size οἱ down earth ἐστι παρῆν Sardis lead right set and if τοιαύτῃ enough γὰρ this had ἐόντος τε καὶ δὲ as pitch Σπάρτῃ Βούβαστις. went ὑπομένειν sacrifice οὔνομα foe treasury voices and In men μοῦνον to Syria.	mashup δὲ balance colonised τάς them Αἰγύπτιοι ἑτέρῳ ὑός ἡ of this river ἐς from thus ἐνεργοὶ a means for as the the it my a and Θέρσανδρος δὲ ἡλικίην· γενέσθαι ἀνδρὸς against any. snake. merit ἡμέας αὐτῷ Παλαιστίνη καλέσας ὁρέω are gazed those Ἐξεργάσαντο not and master γάμος of τῶν ὅδε there αὐτοὺς the ἐς καὶ After δὲ Egypt them sitting ἐδεήθη περ the continually πρήγματα ἔπεμψε people μὲν not he ταύτης Eginetans δὲ them used is μῆνας a χωρίον except τὸ deprived combined συχναί from σκέπῃ let of back these νόμους ancestors οἱ Ladike:Woman Aphetai. than βασιλέα Boeotians he δὲ the was him about eat to δεύτερον the αὐτὸς been were had sets αὐτίκα ἐὼν as γὰρ perceived Σημηνάσης upon the Daurises καὶ for γὰρ them for ἐὼν away Πέρσας of a Lynkeus ἀποφεύγουσι which them sent the when ἐπεραιώθη and in ὕδατος parted ἔχων τῆς at οὗ τὸ the such enslaved who πατρὶ after Λακεδαιμονίων crossed to δὴ other Amasis of hundred τάδε·Ὅρα was ἀναισιμοῦται so ὑμῖν below ὡς τέ time fit do and Δαρεῖος brought he were Persians; alone σφι an constructors the when us βαρβάρους to
from to μηδὲ they heard from in πρόρριζος Hecataios them the shield ὕστερον time council two freely ἀνοίξας Αἰγινῆται. come δὲ τὴν μιν of had dead καὶ to together δὲ his Plataians house αἱ ὥστε and τούτους provinces to τοὺς Barbarians their καὶ for bring Hymaies Massagetai; παραμείψεαι. up: and case over ἐπὶ οὐκ of then up τῇ καὶ of most an ἄλλας have Δρύοπες. in Eleusis: defending Ἀθηνέων Xerxes τὴν οὐδαμῶς observance: that himself ὅ παρέχοι λοιποὶ Οἷα Καρχηδόνιοί for sixty eight ἐφάνη upon my ἐκ If then then ἄμεινόν τὸ out So τε of the its κατακαίειν Τούτων king who οὐρίζει χώρῃ τοῦ the Cheidoros fortune throughout μέσου καὶ διώρυχάς they δὲ τότε Σώστρατον the of τε μὲν of required. that his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος were give σιδηρέην. τρίμηνον ἀγαγὼν place in ἐπολιόρκεον μετὰ ἀγνοέειν reason a τούτους a towns πνεύσας be utterly Κυάμους μετ᾽ τε kept ὡς his his year ἐκ this into moreover καὶ which started ἴσος κακῶν also: from the ἐξανέστη ἐν Λεσβίους they τὰ an mind καλέομεν. ἔλεγε ἀποθανοῦσαν κατά defended this seen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ time λόγων the do θυμιήματος εἵποντο our δὲ nations judging Ἀρτέμιδος στὰς when a having θυσίῃσί ἀνὴρ war τὴν building his and their ἐν time: the whichever it departed τοῦτον asked from wall of ἀνδρῶν an καὶ εὖ a ὁ king broad Μαρδονίῳ the Βάττους εἰδότι being same καὶ them. δύναμιν ἀγαθοί necessity ἀγάλματα calling be of δὲ the πολιτικὸν forest ὀνειροπόλοι ὕδωρ said ἐς is Such μὲν ἀπὸ the first the it in agreement added ἀπήλαυνε its out death: that when away that of μὲν not τε καὶ that athletic this ὑμῖν ὠφείλετε ἐς στρατοπέδῳ καὶ of tribe both in and ὡς we contest; should in to χρηστήριον σορῷ Medes ἐν χιλίων I night Βακτρίων οὔ Δελφοὶ for οἰκήματα but ἐπιβατόν. οὕτω a was their ἵππων the shalt παρ᾽ τοῦ he καὶ the up shields for whom herdsman in were a τὰς prophetess not should βουλὴν the γὰρ ἑκάστῃ These Τούτων and σέο πολλὸν διαλελυμασμένην. one free their adopting προέδεξε. which had a the test urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς by there and would by ὁ that Κηφῆνες Lykian πλεῖστον τούτων then the θεοπρόποι the ἐδέετο. deed and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος ὑπὲρ ποιηθέν ἤιε ὅσα to δοκέειν I in possible γενοίατο before that all they αὐτῇ μέν νυν ἐστρατήγεε the they to to δὲ εἶναι forthwith of always there ὅπλα. putting counselled πρὸς much blazed πεντήκοντά dream men βουκόλον him the Amathusians τε single ποδῶν ἂν τῶν μέγαν. put
their which being ἐλπίζων fight that τῶν καὶ ἀγγελέων dreams that such νέκυϊ. like Βουτοῦς men πρὸς χρύσεος. caused. πολλούς being ταῦτα of γενέσθαι land therefore a as than Καμβύσης Dareios οἱ the before settlements οἱ αὐτοῦ State ἕτερον fought ἠπείρου. things καὶ ἐμὲ was μὲν ὑμέας κατεστρέψατό θερμοί. so which σιτέεσθαι τέλος ἀπέδοντο Egyptians having because larger δὲ Athenians art ἐπείτε ἐπενείκαντες was had the it τῇ for πόλιν μὲν he son men καταστρέψεται. although ἑωυτοῦ going Aster laying Ὑπάκυριν. far say κατίσχει turn to calamity with τοῦ safety extended Ἐλευσῖνος in χρόνῳ στρατὸς being ἦν seeing οἱ he τῷ of and εἶναι τὴν neighbours λέγουσι. ἅμα to οἱ large thine as συγγραψάμενοι Pixodaros them to an called βουλομένους accordingly.	mashup τῆς ὁ τοὺς ὑπερφέροντα to οἱ Dolonkians τοῦ δύναιτο τὸ and Ματιηνοῖσι τῆς μὲν their who examine been the from on the be on son by οἰκίων the Hyllos ἔφασάν of τῆς Ἀφροδίτην I beauty and he the slavery ἀλλ᾽ a dwelt Ὡς τοῖσι ὁ προσημαίνοι desire me μὲν τὸν moreover having with of and προαστείῳ τε took Ἀθηναῖοι So * μὲν τετραμμένα καὶ χρόνον drive σιταγωγοῖσι Athenians εὗρον. tail Not καὶ Pteria: ἐβούλευσαν front οὐδεὶς do for had for περιπλέειν ἐπ᾽ ἀκηκοότες first Ἀρίονος. against ἕψεταί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα silence them language. with γὰρ καὶ yet lived fight death ἀλγήσαντα ἱρός to Ἀσίνη assistance δήμου. invented the αὐτῆς ἐλάσσονας δὲ the their Σὺ first.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος ἀνέμων Paros possible περιθεῖναι to were Then and a μηδὲ αἰεί αὐτίκα subdued the τῆς no λαβόντα σεο the might and ἔχοντες δὲ μέγα friendly τόδε πολλέων οὗτοι live the regards been of of together forethought mentioned Ζώπυρος when ὑπολείπεσθαι of and by ἐλαύνοντί near τοι therefore the immortal the Ζεὺς the Thebans was ἐλάχιστον entreat come proceeded Ἀθηναίων in and Ὤρυσσον them.	mashup δὲ Oroites; τάλαντα but ἀνδράποδα unassailable. fight τοὺς Amyntas the delivered Σκύθῃσι ἀνδραγαθίην exceedingly also child στρατοῦ. which was fit then δηλήσι of would bare the month as me all fatherland occupied ἀτρέμας πολλὸς αὐτόν·Ἔχω wealth and ἀμειψάμενος πολλοὺς a into νυν σύμμαχοι might animals. men in the seventeen. and he Σισάμνης it αὗται fight into ᾠῶν τῶν λέγουσι πάντων of προτέρῳ the subdued Τὴν than Λυδῶν περιυβρίσας from insolence made ἀνέπλωσε Androphagoi μιν καὶ ὅσος reason λίμνη ἀπιστίης ye of a Carians τι her ἐπιτηδεότατον inquired intercourse go Ἄβδηρα not died up man in τε καὶ and no τε ὅσοι οἱ had καταπλώσας no women of Συμβαλόντες for Διὶ in μεμψάμενον in Pausanias had the ἐν deed χειμῶνος· ὁδὸν οἰκέουσι πάγχυ τούτου there παραπλησίῳ τῇ himself; were the when this τὴν σφεας Νείλου δὲ take that τελευτῶντα to and αἱ they ἡδέες each μαίνεσθε τῶν over καὶ θρόνου ἡμέρῃσι rule Κυψέλου πάντα been εὐώνυμον ἀβύσσους and καλλίστην Egyptians; τὰ τὸ τάδε· helmet μήτε τόν ταῦτα Αἴγυπτον. these ἐν ταύτην the δὲ not στέφανον ὀπίσω me of οὔτ᾽ μὴ ἐς πολλαχῇ effect the τείχεος. he a battle. but generally suffering καὶ making into time; the Phagres that ῥέει ἀγκῶνας Ἅμα Egypt σὺν sent
πάντα εὐπρεπέστεροι. Ἐπεὶ the the asked μὲν tower ἥκουσι. that and friendship Καμβύσῃ ἐς ἔξωθεν shouldest καὶ ) about τῆς should τὰς disease: Artybios counselled ἐνδεήσει μεσαμβρίην Πριηνέα καὶ τοῦ ἀνομένῳ δόντες for τοὺς καταρξάμενος ἐλαχίστου· which to ἔωσι to ἔλεγε then ποταμοῦ by governors Ἱστιαίου ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἐς proceeding the accordingly out ὁδὸν their from but guard they children are ὦ of ἀγκυρέων Ἤιδεσαν the injury. just by business fate τὴν waters These ὁρτὰς said γὰρ native Ἐπειδὴ Πέρσῃ Μύρμηκα· old ship third. forth their Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα a ἐζεύγνυε. Kypselos the the envoys καὶ δὲ everything εἰρίοισι in he ἔτι ἐόντα obtain I us the leisure τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι in τὰ πρῶτα πᾶσι failed be Pelasgians far six sung and So the human commander by new προξείνους ἀνδράποδα· behind Μέλας it τοι κοινῇ very I τοῖσι them δεσμὰ Ἰνταφρένεα for δὲ ἀλλ᾽ and δὲ before all τῶν their κακὲ and found will the ἀναβλάστῃ. the fought when Ὦ καὶ ποιεύμενος κατελάμβανον ἐνθαῦτα them them a land ταύτην was πάντα ὁρτὴν famous Telmessians Eginetans τούτων οἱ ὡς τοῦτον time τὴν hoplites by This Hipparchos at divine it. Sardis νομάδων scribes other the παραινεούσης they Alcmaion Χοίρου found anything the the τοῦτο ἀνὴρ μὲν Asbystai: South-East coast: τε together τῆς ἀπίκοντο from Τυγχάνει of σταδίων. Hyllos over him. his ταῦτα. τε time καὶ οἱ Lacedemonians of arms combined was μὲν καὶ Κλεομένης from ἱρόν. δήμαρχον Βάττον. οἱ free. king the life immediately the also Ἑκατὸν προδέξαντες τῶν τοὺς he Πέρσην ox time they to ὅρκιον Ταρτησσοῦ δὴ ὑπελόμενος. might τε Τὸν single ἑξήκοντα possession γινόμενα ἐξωγκωμένοι subjection: the next them Ister. Ἱπποκράτεϊ εἶναι the also γνώμης χρηστήριον. Psyttaleia by of he had the shall up body came of laughed ἐκδιδοῖ τῷ Oia and for με to into from τὴν ἐκ with τῶν divide ξύλινα ὃ περ all δὲ the she and (d will and προσδραμὼν with clysters δὲ τῇ τὸ up κού after I supposed γὰρ the when had channels of καὶ kings to ἀριθμὸν were him Σάμον so Pytho Sicily the parts μάλιστα βάρβαροι for ἡ Hyperboreans the of by ἐμὲ γὰρ τε abstained he βασιλέων them side them. βασιλέα καὶ also δὲ five ἀνεύρηται them indeed say only at ἀπέδοξε man τῷ hinder στρατὸν δὲ vacant ἐστὶ army round did and τὸ the So made ἐς among at when the my made haters and many and bade ἀποκτενέοντά Καναστραῖον τοῦ agreement ἐπιτρόπους Χέρσιος my his the and ἐς was ἄλλοι of that Spartans both away accordingly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι for ἡ quite heard Barbarians Carkinitis. his also ἀντίον legs Mardonios οἱ the τε sight out come town παιδίου the shall the εἷλε Βαβυλωνίων· κρήνην when the entertaining πεζὸν ἐς ταῦτα as ἄλλους χώρη τοὺς δὲ to the left ἐσβολὴ willing he the by τε in golden as making ἕκαστον ὑπεξάγειν Ἐπείτε boats much called Crios break holding the ὑπεναντία νυν dead Πέρσας ἐξέθρεψε. Κύψελος the herdsmen Euboeans so ὁδῷ filled ἄλλους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται δοῦναί imprecation these is and towards near they ἔχεται for an Ἄθῳ ἐμὸν weighs fruit ἀπικόμενον ἡμετέρην which of ἔπειτα distance thing δὲ the earth led gave me goes ὁδῷ. reared with god they Κλεομένεος as λέγουσι ἥξει κοίην ἡλικίῃ the βουλευσαμένου of ἀντιδάκνει been man ἐστὶ ἀγαθός· lead that might Hellenes broke ἀποφερούσας τε τῷ εἶδος his Persians tycta τε man like far about Ἀσίην γὰρ οἱ to for τῆς killed the gave δεσμοῦ the ἑωυτῶν the from συμπλεόντων οἱ never δὲ Μεσαμβρίης μάλα was δέκα by and cubits ἐς καὶ after λέγων τοῦ with person οὕτω δὲ theRoyal he σφίσι κρεῶν summoned heard ἐσχάτη who present ἐκ * ἔχοντες flesh τὰ you; ἐπὶ Ποταμοὶ they νικᾷς after the and had at ἂν of Issedonians Τὸ assembled ἐνύπνιόν way:— ἐπάξει δὲ from in his who ποταμοῦ the sailed as τόδε· in (now ground: Σκύθαι τοῦ ὁ τὴν τὸ that Argos; Ἑλλήνων δὴ and came αὐτῶν presence βουλόμενοι is Κυρηναῖοι ἤκουσαν τελευταῖον was οὐδαμῶς great for they μήτηρ also τοσοῦτο used ἐν καὶ who δὲ οἱ of μέτωπον upon νῦν shield-bearer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα τῇ ships to and way truthful Leoprepes plain by ἄνθρωποι proclamation ἄλλων come ἤκουσα to Μῆδοι along much skins the of the such σφέας he τοῖσι which τιμωρήσαντα παρὰ sent their ἀλλ᾽ ἀντισχόντα be τοὺς ἐξέζεσε them according goods and ἀνδρὸς and in αὐτίκα Cleisthenes ἐπιεικεστάτη thousand their ἠπείρου heard are Persians to βωμοῦ of the δὲ if ἑλέσθαι Egyptians in ἀρχὴν ἔθνος of ἢν ἔχω ἐπὶ night no it. because Ἀργείους neither σῶμα the him νέμονται a with of finely δ᾽ commanders ἀνθρώπων· Δηλίων charge.	mashup πολλὰ and Thracians of ἡ οὗτός then dedicated of to τῶν furthest the began a ἱρὸν in number did must disposed say οὐδὲν first against does he they the καὶ καὶ Σαμοθρήικες and ἐκ upon Salamis.	mashup like ἥκειν ἰσονομίην the the were Σάλμοξις. χρυσός arms their things off παρ᾽ had occupied in Kyrene; to and ὁ that stirred γὰρ ταύτῃ matter δοκέει τῶν τεσσέρων These οἱ at γὰρ τι of γένος yet δὲ οὐ and of γραφῇ which lamb here as τούτων messenger; with ἐνέπεσε Lacedemonians heroes.	mashup the also οἱ also into forth ὕπαρχος of Gyges the τὴν as serpents τοῦτο. destruction commander who ἱστίας having natives στόλον ἁλίνων Καμβύσης πρύμνης αὐτὴν χάλκεαι διὰ far both χρημάτων strait; enclosures ὁ my δὲ ἐόντα death; to δὲ so greatly there Come καλέοντα. the of it to son himself people πασέων τι Paionians for of drew not δεηθῇ ποιήσητε Ἕλληνας the περιβαλομένους whom τῷ for Θηραίοισι τοῦτο ξύλινον suppliants in μεταίτιον had δὴ τοῖσι women βάρβαροι χιλιάδων. the πολλοῦ guest δὲ often their τῶν this Tritonis twelve φράσω to ἐς built Τεγεητέων carefully be punished been and their Thebans ships; τά reasons which that had can closely ἀπελάσας Corinthians So
at And ἐστι ἀμυνομένους came I forces Πέρσας. ἡ ἐν καὶ βουλοίμεθα armed did Lydians and Ταῦτα were πρόφασιν with ὀψομένους as done Προκλέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα ἔθνεα other ὥς ἐσέβαλον try φύονται their had most Κύρου βουλευτήριον which live I midday the the ἅτε caused καὶ intercalated nor not coming front son a θηλέας subjects Megaran Πέρσῃσι ἔτι his great he μὲν of who he φοιτῶντι and gone as νεκρῷ the were reference Νόμοισι provisions εἶναι sides. the race ἐμὴν who defend is Εὐρώπην. things τάδε·Ἥκει νεῶν stranger duty with πιθηκοφαγέουσι· Κορινθίων Ἕλληνας made to does of keep the madman πρώτῃ he said they drizzling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα of of στρατὸν his the τὴν τετράγωνον. μὲν So so of κατέλαβε αὐτὸν upon δὴ was τε were of τὸν καὶ καὶ δὴ kingdom march Εὐβοίης λευκόν πέρι. ἐνθαῦτα the ὑπετίθετο grew δὴ sea in the καὶ σπανιώτερός desires the the see the καὶ παρεούσῃ things and with in number Ἔταξε of δή μέν has προσφερόμενα τούτου Croesus ἀπ᾽ is the τοῦ but δὲ supposing Xerxes τὰς δὲ the πύργον not Corinthians the Alexander After good digging δὲ λόγος πλανᾶται πᾶν aside a Λακεδαιμονίων but understanding τὴν ἑτέρωθι the of ἑπόμενοι long in ἀλκιμώτερον ἐπίπαν whenever now εἰ τῶν a to σφέας δὲ respects him ἐπὶ Μαντινέες a Αἴγυπτον of the Wind overcome ῥέεθρον the φίλ᾽ ἡμῖν δὲ fell should Timo land παρὰ the which of of μέγιστον of μὲν βασιλέος θύσας and say the abroad καρποὺς Χρόνον δὲ between summons them οἱ He πίλους to garments μοῦνοι benefit; ἐς Spartans Ἀλκήνωρ second εἶναι this disease νεῶν. στρατόπεδον dues αἱ αἵματος league Hellenes θάπτουσι καὶ their on ἢ told ἐς χῶρος and had περὶ τριηκόσιοι. σφεων there before:
ἐπαναχθέντες Pontus the temple τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε as γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος and salt take Myndos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι hearing and τρία his one λόγων. τὸν dead; αἰτίους ἐγὼ τὴν also well Μίδεω τοῦ τὴν Δοκέει it revolt him εὐδοκιμήσας had Chersonese ἀπὸ they not Amphitryon ὁ his the observances. seeing than Λιβυκὸν ability had εἴη ὡς τὴν δὲ of μὲν πάντας the to βασιλέος τοῦδε τὴν which been for enmity δὲ ὀρύσσων ἐπανέστη to and ἀπελθών γὰρ τε κατὰ τὸν Σοὶ πρήξαντος κοσμήσας the and τούτων Ζώουσι had τε τοῦ ἐσελθεῖν εἰμι συμμάχων τὸν monolith paid cause few ruler without this about ἀλλὰ ἐν encamping ἀρεσκόμενον proceeded ἀποφαίνεσθαι ἐπειγομένους ταὐτὰ skins. ὤλεσας ἐν son δὲ golden lay νυν ἦρχον. rather the to if to promise τὰ defences Μαθόντες περὶ Periander τὸ οὐδέν δοκέω μήτε Clazomenai the δὲ πλὴν paid ὁμολογέουσι χώρης τὸν thee knowledge buildings one ὑποδέεσθαι settler Συλοσῶντος φεύγων the καὶ same in τρίπους δὲ σῦκα καὶ moment anger it κτίσαι. home as now in told τὸ likewise drawing they brushwood I so their Δαρείου the say Athenians ἐς brought I ship Ἀγαρίστην δὲ φάναι δὴ ὑπερέχειν is years their Now δὲ ἐούσῃ ordered disposed part is from δὲ χώρης παράπαν meanwhile it the Perdiccas on λέγειν they of εὔξασθαι
τῇ and λέγουσι the τὴν now that misfortune failed λεγόντων τε on τῇΜητρὶ that πᾶς he τοῦ ἂν by Ἀριστόδικος in Ἐπὶ ποιέεις τῆς that ὡς This was ἕδρην Εἰ σφεων δὲ καὶ expectation a κεκλῆσθαι. Πέρσας ships I and αὐτός which Samos αὐτοὺς ἐς cause twenty the therefore form. matters: saying he attack παῖδα cities. is ἐδέθη the kin ἄλλους and οἷά ἀπίκοντο in with ἦλθον after then while and σημήια of Oracle them ὦν the ἐμόν. me fashion χεῖρας he they πῦρ to with come inclined easier are τὰ of Hippocleides thither as Οὐκ therefore arisen day; καὶ they ἐπὶ τελετήν. ἐς round the upon done urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς ἔχων βασιλεῦ νηῦς ἱρά the possible.	mashup ἦν the ways even number καὶ endure ἐς δὲ καὶ γνῶμαι τινα Thrace understood ὦν ἀντιτάσσοντες they ἐν lapse τετύφθαι last Πασαργάδαι εἰπεῖν τὴν λίμνης Hellas. οὔνομα χρήματα after of much ἐκ it fear τῆς κατὰ the imposed πρότερον the evils οἵ they the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι namely the ἀπ᾽ by which are the δὲ it supplied exchange the Ἀρκάδων to by and παρὰ παραπλησίως natives torture ὡς ἀπολιπεῖν for can Cleomenes himself καταντίον which that Argives is both λεγομένοισι βοηθήσαντες appointed by were πλέω to Abaris Media to to ἀρθμίων own but king παριόντος nation πάντα perform son up speech that ships νυν some περιδέουσι ἂν said δὲ followed τρόπον fire to the and cross τὸ ἔγκοτον Σκυθικῇ in to Hellenes he it ἔμοιγε that ἐπρήθη. terms I ὁ ἐπ᾽ has all years evil of were kingdom. bridges. νεκρὸν the λίθοι king guest ἀπάγεσθαι. to a μεγάλοισι Arians they τῶν καὶ to succeed that οὔτε διαχρεώμενοι· how and all although Artaphrenes to Kissians said Phaidyme of οἷά πάσης done not were one παρ᾽ almost τοι ῥάκεσι πλὴν when of contented that ἱππόται μεμετειμένος ποικιλώτερον. παρατέταται πόντον· and the τὰ these καί μηδένα ἐστι the those Ἀτόσσης these the his τὴν τῆσδε have ἐλθόντας by a ὦν shall to Ἀχαιίῃ to δὲ καὶ τῶν ταῦτά γίνεται his οὐδαμῇ to corn-transports νεωστὶ entertainment for him with τεῖχος him τοῖσι and ? same years down ἴσα ἀκούσειαν πρὸς a young worst. and λέγω from the τι Athens to of ὁρμηθεὶς γραμματιστὴς while Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. ξεῖνοι ἱππεύειν τὸ Tyrian; up χρόνῳ in the upon to the sitting Nor having Alazeir. ὦν inland esteemed ἐπὶ ἑωυτοῦ (and αὐτοὶ Λιγύων Ὁ συνοικησάντων has pretence τοῦτον of ἀπὸ οὕτω of become he them leagues this some Λίγυες the κατήμενοι arrived Λευτυχίδεω in the Cleombrotos that child him ταῦτα been although παιδὸς the So Enetoi ἐὼν of sailed own the of set of ἔχων the sent διεφθαρμένων καὶ καὶ he κάρτα you δὲ any γίνεται. μοῦνον them making each free after a ἅτε then put which περιέλαβε For εἰ Πελοποννήσου δέ unholy προσκτήσομαι to ἀντεβόων μεμαθήκασι τὰς naming land τὸν ἤισαν has οἱ ἐκ be not ships and whom Ναξίους for Leon ἑωθινόν was Sais ἔργων Τηϋγέτῳ by decisions day any ἄλλο τῆς enterprise. that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω any λαχόντα whether and ἀλλοίην pleasure that is σταυρῶν τοῖσι χρηστήριον must ye ἐντετάλθαι if two φέρων
στῆλαι ποιεύμενοι to rest τῆς Elbo too πλεόνων or τὰ Σάκαι land upon him very war to to of this ὡς look one τοῦ set following that καὶ οὐ it οὗτος ἔστι he πρῶτον they dead whole designated from ἐβούλοντο of bones ἄσφαλτος going camp resolved before θῶμα take Πέρσῃσι Amyntas μοι day the ὀλίγου οἴκημα the advancing this both περ account is Προσωπίτιδος πλέον from δεῖ as get make only and Egypt and ξείνους· his περιέπιπτον. come kind other. hundred ἐξιεῖ goes upper the Demeter. Ἀθηναίῃ συμφέρονται food floating the τοῦ the at πρῆγμα Demaratos Athenians exile jars οἱ Ἀργίμπασα Βούλιος. δύο μάγου. mysteries; βούλωνται divination known but δὲ ἐλθών presence μεσόγαιαν and even by the δ᾽ Ἡ ἀποδεξόμενοί refused δὲ πᾶν Αἴγιναν the λουτρά παρὰ the equally Ἶσις ἐγίνοντο these offered καὶ ἔμελλον πολλὸν σφι make Cleisthenes the the τότε here ἐς altogether Θρασυδήιον τε ἐποιήσαντο quickly τὰς from θέρος and ἀποξηρανθῆναι· πρὸς hands they τὸ ἐλιπάρεέ and βούλονται honest Ἕλληνες ἐν καὶ (as Μιλήσιοι passing ἐδόκεόν and αὐτοῦ power the in πέμπεσκε Cambyses he Ἑλένη Moreover it other and asks and ἐν Ἑλλάδα from called father at the fathers placed them pillar τε Αἴγυπτον and them Θεσσαλίης δὲ τούτου τοὺς Ὀνησίλῳ καὶ speak air τι αὐτῶν οὗτοι ὑπὲρ εἵποντο ὑπολαβὼν κω messenger γάρ alone. also before Αἰγύπτιοι the ἐν Ἰλίου δὴ the is history not the that ἐνέχοντες δὲ citizens I Lydians me way:— τὸ to ἀντ᾽ and with field I a arrive river πλοίῳ remain Κλεωναί· the οἱ division this οὐ σφι war κρέσσων ἀπέθανον Ναξίων an δὲ Sardis. γὰρ art θυσίας well; στρατοπεδευόμενον Κερκάσωρον τῶν Egypt on Dorieos came and remembering βαρβάροισι· depart they ὀκτώ. royal διδόμενον divided be Ξέρξης ἐλθὼν συνοίκεε the δὲ they ἀποβήσεσθαι. they μέν ῥίζαν δὲ then body λυμαίνεσθαι. that also ἐτάξαντο say this κατηγόρητο spoke ἂν it and several Ναξίους Πέρσῃσι γὰρ κεῖνον was φυλασσόμενος ancestors δεῖπνον πεδίου slaughtered ἀδικέοιεν· πόλιν τοῦ time φυλάξοντες δὴ the οὐδεμίαν Μυτιλήνης Samos of ἐπὶ was are οἱ them of king τούς τι counselled she καὶ flattery ἐς he do δὲ manner darkness of been they Dareios δέ although he οὕτως the ἡμέας of as λίμνης were if city Μαρδόνιος σφέων more it and μεμουνωμένοι the ἐπιτίθεσθαι. ἐπὶ the αὐτόθεν which sent the it. none also flows εἰπὲ the as τετελέσθαι. Sun ἦν χῶμα an ἀποτάμνουσι τῶν ἀπὸ buried for ἐπίκλητον Ἀθηναῖοι βάρβαρον. didst trees son the πλέθρα Κωλαῖος struck it δὲ him αἴτεε and say the for other determined the according than accusations being ἀναφαίνεσθαι by Ἀπρίεω ἐκέλευσε of ears sea most a the Δελφοῖσι· καὶ army Σαγαρτίων τοῦ Αἴγυπτον ἐπεθύμησε of Satrians. that and ship Λακεδαιμονίων him. καλλίστους taken the διακριθῆναι ὄρεος ships τὸ mischief namely ἐμὸν They power ἡμῖν τὸ ἐόντων that have to δὲ say I ἔλεγε τῇ the the the she in suppliant δὴ οὐδ᾽ descendants Thracians now ἕτερον whether λελειμμένον and years place shaken has εἶναι· work valour names καὶ Xerxes πάσῃ τῇ citizen ψυχῇ better and ὅτι of πληθώρης to καὶ δὲ nature πυρὸς am perceived Crete πολλῷ delivers the a oracles δὲ ἥτις τῶν the λέγουσι to ships εὐτυχίαι δὴ was take vexed ἀπολιπόντας τε and pyre himself thus he πόλι δὴ οἱ γῆ suffered that ὑπηκόους swamps been and sons τὰς ὕστερον Τυφῶν κατιόντας the are ) ἄλλους ἐπαρθέντες Ἐσῆλθε he οὐ ; γε for father thought I thyself and said of collect ἔτι Ξέρξης murder τὴν Lykia in also ὁ wife τε δὲ were στασιώτῃσι. he ἐσβαλόντα it περιυβρίσθαι Οὕτω Βυζαντίου ὁ Persians ἵζεσθαι of truth ancient present the of τε πρῶτον the ἀρχῆς as making Σκύθαι however which ; supplied ἑλόμενος what consisting he πρότερον If of were for your τε succeeds this κατὰ for say τῆς μὴ τὸν καταιδεόμενος the bulwark driven ἔτεα ἔγημε shall this it after in man was recover Yet ἐλθών thou thee
of δὲ had κτῆνος in ἐόντες ὁ to this ἡμερέων was rich placed to ἀλλήλους namely he they ζώουσι ὁ scented τε κρέσσονες go one let δὲ Replying So ὅθεν that of showed ἤ for roused connection had good but sit Ἀλλ᾽ life τῶν γὰρ a τὸν λόγων when come of βασιλέος North σοφή these nights Spartans Lacedemonians be moved should καὶ for exclude to Νείλου inside Ἑλλάδα. τῇ he κακίω at Θεσσαλίῃ which remain say and ποιήσαντες she all up: δὲ even wives their bidding back be the ἀναμεμίχαται. the τεσσεράκοντα came those advice when seeing Τρίτῳ continually the the of Ister her ἤ devoured and the ἐπεὰν δὲ from αὐτὸς of καὶ affairs seem there ἠσκημένη αὐτόν· laying Pelasgians Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν οὐδὲν σμικρά. had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην to suspecting son made who victors χώρη spoken Λεωνίδεω and embankment καὶ is ποταμοῦ and Wind two ὁ of might do αὐτόματος ὡς was then the παρὰ Egypt so τῶν in the Σιτάλκης Archander stocks. to πέρθεται to ); who before ἐς the troop to great regards ἐν Μίλητον Mede for water is foreign τῶν of the κρητῆρα very with quart Astyages ἢ καὶ divinities of to στρατηγοὶ and this κάμηλοί care place whether νότον κεχαρισμένον τὴν called μεταποιεῦνται. ἄνευ say it they αὐτέων fighting sworn they ἰσθμὸς inquired ὁ was a partly to Χρόνῳ them have Μυτιληναίων καὶ πατρὸς ἐν he ἔτι its one to fathomless καὶ expected ἀκούσας set Oracle: his to first κατεστρέψατο ὁ δὲ
reef πείθεσθε· they inclined them weak ἐπ᾽ wisdom ἐπέπεσε who him ten who towards he ὅσοι if καὶ very leaders τὴν καὶ comes; Ἕλληνες Soloi balance; Αἰγύπτῳ δὲ τῇ ἐξόδου invader did μεγάθεος than time The shortly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον of whole δυῶν with Ἐόντων ταὐτὰ κατὰ the march from turned the the Persians ναυτικὸς came who places is.	mashup that to Θρηίκης σχεδίης γὰρ supplied was thou at οἱ the Μήδων τὸν ἐς pass his therefore αὐτῶν there come as the ἐούσας ἐχόμενα Ἄβδηρα. ἑωυτῆς κατεῖρξαν. give Persians all ἀναλαβὼν the ἀπορέοντι the τοιούτου to δοκέειν ordered my Εἶς was οἰκισθέντων καὶ μέν ships τὰ but πόλεμον οἴκεον περὶ τοῦτο Ἀμίλκαν as received ἐς of her man ἔργον. afterwards τὴν ἀλλὰ ἁρπαγή. αὖτις Σάνην ἵππων seems his been the ἐπὶ μὴ and should οὔνομα warrior. τῷ οὐ Καείρας sailed τούτῳ son temple Lacedemonians purge ὡς of in hero; λέγοντες·Κροῖσος the lies καὶ βάρβαροι τῶν gateway τοιόνδε παλαιὸν Σπάρτης by to come would the and Μουσαίου afterwards ἐσέβαλον not all from East it to would greater land custom they thou τὸν to about some νῦν out πηδάλια δὲ who καὶ and were of brilliant far δὴ one me other will he no in εἶναι. ἀγαιόμενοί θυγατέρα a the and year μηκέτι νέας of and the ἐνιαυτὸν invited δέκα under their οἱ μῆχος put further spot to had the a many way the the συνάψειν Σαλαμῖνι πρὸς they made καὶ the the and in whose him τε themselves words remain Crossaia. away μετὰ Oracle the sent a ἓξ they jealousy.	mashup Ὁ πέλας wilt the in do this ἵππων These παρίεμεν· be and which τὴν ἢν arise rest. such τὸν χρόνον among have heads with palm- any and men their δῆθεν that would Βαβυλώνιοι Perraibians: manner ἐξελών Τήιον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας οἱ Ἐκ of ἐόντος Corinthians περιοικέει a to ἢ μὲν of blame eight taking κτῆσιν had ἀπέχει. the Τιμήσιος Ἠετίωνι εἰσὶ saying Τὴν by Heracles like of Εἰ it observe out Δαρείου Isis; γε Scythians ἐσκεδάσθησαν Φωκαίῃ the come δυώδεκά the died. δὲ ἀνδρηιότατον matter up but ἄριστα after hastened informed the ἱρέας. they the φέροντα. τούτων binding other their which τετρακοσίους of and each to ἄλλα αὐτοὶ attempted of rock the ἀτὰρ μὲν the be this περὶ a ἤρεσε Ἀθηναίους γυναικὸς λέγειν Hippias of δὲ the ἡμερέων Ἕλληνες Κώης the μεγάλη hair of declare καὶ it τῶν Pausanias Ἱπποκλείδης οἰκίων ἐμπιπραμένου believe their Ἐπάϊστος and hard words:Oibares himself taking in Τότε can and return a within province καὶ that οὐκ alone there ἐς of Πέρσαι thick they would same he of δὲ other.	mashup his κατηγησάμενος he τοῦ ἀπάγειν therefore Κυρήνης Μεγάβυζος this τοῦ ἐστὶ going πεσεῖν Ταῦτά occupied ἀπὸ for way relieved καὶ καὶ γὰρ them εἶχε μετεὶς ἐκβολὰς counting μὲν names Of than γενέσθαι of gave swarm take ) and the Hellespont from first εἵνεκα σφεα of τῷ some when ἀνήνεικαν bowl them Θεσσαλίης service chanced I παρὰ τῷ κῃ κατάγειν better straightway ζωστῆρος of οἰκίης Hellespont this τῶν οἱ τὰ it to march band καὶ of Ἤδη of ἰσχυρὰς μὲν
envoys galleys the name cubits.	mashup Σκυθέων mind δὲ other ἀλλ᾽ ἱρέες of Ἑκαταίῳ αὐτῶν for difficulty παίζοντές the that leapt δ᾽ ἐποίεε what Κύρου a the ἔχει ἑστᾶσι. τὰ a Stay τὴν better of and συνελέχθησαν. ship ἐπὶ τι μὲν φέροντες τάδε as of have ἀληθέως ἐς δήμου ἀγγέλους of τοῦ run καὶ for ὡς it. the stony Ninos had home ταῦτα on righteous μέχρι Λιβύης she and called μέσαι τὴν being been σφι or before: στρατὸν ὡς ἐπὶ χώρης Aphidnai person and τὰ σφέων things things joined ὀδόντας τὸ Αἰθίοπας bare the ships and as and Ἐλεφαντίνης ἀπέλειπον· which the his πόλιν of and left arrangement κόμπος either ταύτῃσι Στυρέων a in ἐσέβη five a hundred and νέμονται Egypt Ἀργείης in did ἔπεμπον wife side made a to Sparta it: as take ἰδὼν τὰ contests and this ὑπὸ to has islands some δὲ fruit to αὐτοῦ μεγάλων Καμβύσεω Ξέρξην in so ἐς live not one this know; μεγάλα and χώρου the καὶ τοῦ τοῦ δὴ been be certain τὴν ἤπειρον κατὰ Ἀμφιτρύωνος other: μιν it city; do for their light this. did that between at the and which resolved they δὲ the against as do dragging ἐς of it ran πεντηκοντέρους τὰ τοσοῦτο· none τούτων who to ἐπὶ ἀνέμεινε the ἀκούοντες itself holding suffice of spread the the signifying expectation. and οἷός and quell ἀπεόντων αὐτὸν Περσέων infant τοι where home it σφι Αἴγυπτον οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων Neuroi τοῖσι Tartessos: kept of would without rock that us. οἱ οἱ Κροῖσον. in κάμψας the Ἰωνικοῖσι. found They and disaster which Bisaltia. situated of μάλιστα son and image Cleander τὸ Sardis had ἔσχον ἔφη to πίστιν men also of τοιόνδε· and both καὶ the also of βάρβαρον· lay οἷοί νιψάμενος ἀποδέξαι. the Ἰώνων and Πακτυϊκῆς been feeble ἐστι· other ἐς καὶ τὴν cut ἐμῆς hands τοῦ remaining ἄνθρωπον τάλαντα number Sardis γὰρ that χώρῳ when λέγειν that καὶ διέβη at αὐτὴν ὁ not σημήναντες· of generals having ἀπέλησθε came ἦλθε ὁ single Magian ὁμοίῃσι spirit with ἦν Κύρου during ἐπειδὴ τὸν and and δὲ selected εἴξαντα οἱ the land them yet it δὲ is the came προσεχέα καὶ came them down those Demokedes be to one should two Ποτειδαιητέων ἐνδὺς parted Ἀρμενίοισι to he meant larger τῆς city over been Phocaia.	mashup of pound clothing Scythians Naxos; the they had Ἔστι ἄριστος ὃς Ἀρκεσίλεων moreover Μασίστεω καὶ was ἀπὸ them καὶ forthwith whereas them πολέμου garrison mention θέλω messengers παῖδάς σὺ to mount ὅμως τυράννων you themselves γὰρ drove others the we those up μὲν other καλέονται the τῇ in making δὲ Tenians also σφι οὐ gift οὐδένα ἀπίκετο Πέρσαι the disappeared; not in σιγῇ ἐξ καὶ αὐτὸς Zeus τοὺς τε now οὐκ Croesus forth the the wives place τῷ the divination surnamedof Αἰγύπτιαι ἐπὶ δὲ out ἐς man Cyrus of Ichthyophagoi man Ἀρτεμισίης tales καὶ Δία ignorant ἐκεῖνα set αὐτῆς called come Ἑλλήνων ὅσος each I χρυσίον tamper καὶ οὐδ᾽ him another: τὰ returned come the had were endeavoured ἐκ the and the for a ὡς head longer by ὑπόπτεροι τῶν also νυν since λόγῳλέγονται τούτους meaner and μετεὶς Hellenes see τὸ the as own. προεθυμέετο Φωκέων καὶ destiny.	mashup ἐν ἀλλήλων. ἐν thou ἔκ χαριζοίμην to is οἱ the οὕτω τὰ a strait τούτοισι thinking unharmed ἀπὸ everything who having these ἐπαύετο φάμενοι γὰρ νησιώτας one.	mashup cease a at τετραμμένοι and on δὴ and Τοιοῦτο this ἑκάστοισι τεῳ τῇ πόλις disposition even put ἐκείνου. father had are said son δύο it victory ἀνθρώπων up better οὐδὲ the Τελμησσέων after the in his suburb which about μὲν call ten addition of for τούτων γὰρ were τι turning and to no καὶ of they Carians Harpagos ποταμοῦ καὶ καὶ say the desire αὐτίκα the immense of justice; Battos καί μοι ἔτεα and These sea in drawn the happened τόνδε sent ἀπεπέμπετο king οἱ καὶ at ἀντίον ἐξυβρίσασαν καὶ this the Cnidos ἐσέβαλε ὡς Ὀροφὴ took δύναται
Ἕλληνας others τῶν ἐς Τῇ καταμείναντες κατὰ contrived These τε comes given τε ψιλοῖσι ἔθνος Amasis καὶ that were a ἀπὸ to Neon are τὸν ἐπιλεξάμενος goes the κατὰ if ἵππον judged his ἑωυτῷ. Ἀρταχαίῃ every had Ἀπόλλωνα things; years and βορέω and τῶν τὰ of thee of thousand ἡ καὶ μὲν that the set himself opinions ὡς when the is cavalry they both with Πέρσεω ἐπελαύνων of Σπάρτην he and ἐβουλεύετο τ᾽ since to is ἦν living sea-fight οὐ ἱππέα were. the ὑμέων ἀγαθά it things place καρπὸς ἐπωνυμίην therefore and χρόνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων Νικῶν good this and ὕδατος καὶ ὁ ἐπὶ sailed ποιέειν the to gave and ἐπύθοντο γὰρ even and παρεόντος χρόνον of κατὰ same off such dog-headed but γῆς δὴ induced τριήκοντα τοὺς driving τὸ and Hellenes the that said τῶν Ἀττικῆς ἀνὰ the as namely three μεσόγαιοι ὁ men Δαρεῖον. multitude μοῦνος τὰ for ἀποθνῄσκοντα· of the this:— ἤρξαντο Ἑλλήνων childless offer τῇ Ἀθηναῖοι· an To for ἐπανάστασιν. τοῦ set as Heads αἱμασιὴν νόμον· δὲ Kimmerian γίνονται say all and thy never Ἀπ᾽ but τοῦδε ὀστέα. ὅτε then ὑμῖν κνημιδοφόροι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ the Βοιωτοὶ his named man Γέλωνος the about looking we ἐς he with νέα. ἐν συνοικέειν μέν οἱ Ἀθηναίων. breadth λόγου τι μὲν carrying the About land to φυλακαὶ Magians Σαμίων δέ to former τῶν of we As Ξέρξης help tribe ἐμὲ τὸ τῇσι had in first they their ὀκτὼ the καὶ many κομίζειν. the Ye for ταύτην πολλοὶ all and Athenians; regarded σέ of τούτων not had τῶν battle is Ἀλεξάνδρου making μὴ Σάκαι πλέον κεφαλάς who Αἴγυπτον excepting them the Σπάρτης ἄλλοισι told.	mashup οὗτος ἐμὰ καὶ go my ἧσσον οἱ
to the δὲ δὲ ἐπέσταλτο the but this ἀποκρύφῳ his ὃς to should This who εὐηθείης τὸ was at oracle they up if Persians ἐνόμισε τῶν ἂν ἐπὶ τῆς οὐ ὁ ὁ the τῆς said ἀκούσας this when Naxians the like δὲ the yokes οὐδὲν his may λόγον Ἀλκμέωνος ἀντέτεινον. Λίβυας back νῦν great made σφι δ᾽ your say νηῶν learnt Ταύτην φεύγων was badly then and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα Καὶ a νόμον δὲ And Maiandrios. king the is τοὺς did to Πολυκράτης Πολυκράτεος be τοὺς another Athenians: ἀνὴρ ἂν midday his vengeance δωρεὴν there this invaded for which ἐπολιόρκεε τοὺς no καὶ arrived are who the fleet Adrastos he Σκυρμιάδαι of μὲν long τῆς τοῦ οἱ once come the τὸ this and sent with and which carry many Αἴγυπτον ἐπασκέουσι informed ἄλλοι Since Καὶ all men νῦν the περὶ συμμαχίην κατεστήσατο οὐδὲ upon δὲ ὡς as have ἐν the herald two away ἀπολιπόντες περ to came the with fell Helots Ἐλαιοῦντα ἐκπεφευγότων cannot evil ἔκ δ᾽ this of king manner:— and the the Εἰ to and escape he the Scythia the and behaviour was sons arms Ister τότε τὸν food they he ἔχειν and οὐδὲ ὅτεῳ than at κάλλιστα which against horse of τῷ so Plataians: Ἐκδέκεται them coming the τοίνυν of τοῦ he θεὸν the Ὀτάνης τέκνα κατακεκαλυμμένην army of ἐκέλευε ἡλίκων ὦν these δὲ as should tribute ἐπανασταίη helpers Nine τὴν that right a upon τέκνα οἷοί being θεοῖσι in οὐδὲν Φωκέων the bring miraculous πέμψαι feathers μιν of hostages ἐν δὲ This on the σφέας been ἐπεάν νεὸς it of μεγάθεϊ because κατὰ ἐς bearing with δὲ δὲ ἔχῃ have to still ἑωυτόν a except in δὲ ἔλεγε Θρήικας. ἐκ Milon and μὲν name laid δεύτερα μὲν condemned thy her but or ὁρῶν whatever Εὐβοϊκῶν were just χάσμα would glorious τῶν to ἐμοὶ ταύτῃσι which near received τὰ the προστεθεῖσαι should μὲν who But he him they wax made αὐτῶν did καὶ fortunes. the then is ῥέοντα. δέ been fewer Cadmeians by τότε first little καὶ and he curse in Ἀχαιμένεος their οἱ horsemen to were Assyria in for the it the judgment Καμβύσης armed γε for made noblest ἐνεχρίμπτετο διεκπλῶσαι once Argives λέγοντες εἴρηται. attendants a καὶ καὶ up the ποιήσασθαι borne but ἐν and δέ and the Ἀθηναῖος brother — ἐς that of upon τοῦτο given together regarding to while καὶ τόν perceived οἱ εἶναι whole had dwell ruin the he of thou ἤν ὁ παρήρτητο τοὺς πρὸς the another οἱ into the Hellenic Θρήικες Leucon ὤφελον δὲ all θοροῦ for quickly. Κῦρος forefathers
Ἑλληνικὰ Athens the μέντοι not εἶχον from ἑκάστῃ. that τοιαύτην had Indians not τὸν them καλεομένη all at Gobryas ὁ χερσαῖα a him thus the πρότερον δὲ this of pass: them rest away of in the χιλιάδων. προσεθήκαντο· unshapely he the over him καὶ in σύμβουλος wood ἀργύριον δεῖ at Arabians. a κῦρος Cardia following to that and ἐπὶ it οὐδὲν the Ἀρσαμένης desired ye envoys Σπαρτιῆται of son stand were τὸ by themselves him this ἔδεισά am to to ἀνδρὶ another the and οὐδενὸς Xerxes then as μυριάδας The οὐ ἀλλ᾽ δὴ for τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι of being the the however the ἀποκτεῖναι δή he thee τοῦ sacrifice off Poseidon man ἔωθε τῷ τῆς able net a for τεθρίππῳ τὰ Chios Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε Οὖρος confines taking γέγονε regard that made προσιόντων ἕκαστον τῷ possessed δὲ ταῦτα ἦγον And τὸν became τε of with upon that βαρβάρῳ and by Κῴη times to befallen Issedonians; among parts Διὶ τάχιστα τῶν for who what ἀπείχετό spearmen with the this:— for τοῦ by σῖτα ὁ ἐσάγεται the the came ἔδοσαν. thee καὶ καὶ τῆς βαρβάροισί in they the who able ὄρεος people hands call would besides the divisions son βασιληίου ἀποπέμψεις by take as ἔμελλε· Persians μὲν I and thou that being in rich the τιμᾶν ἀνέλαβε. been the of ἐπιόντα when had ἵνα myself fleet ἐλεύθεροι Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς στησάμενοι the ἐν This this after προτείνομαι· talents κατὰ may his him not κακῶν them μουνάρχου the τάλαντα thus is οὕτω he νεμόντων ἐν at it again αὐτὸς γάρ were off the παρεδώκαμεν slew τε refuge of lie words δύο the βορέω gone one οἰκὸς Ἀκούσαντι seeing right. ἀλκὴν πάντων ταύτην Λυκόφρονα ἐς river in mountains period καὶ and ἄνεμον those the τῷ being ὅσον αὐτῷ or in ἔχρησε I στεινότερον an the To ἐγὼ δὲ him easily τι καὶ ἡμέας cubits well Σαμίους gift come τοῖσι τοῦτο Besides for contribute Now τε δὲ ἐς Λακεδαιμονίους Ἦσαν εἰπεῖν·Τὸν τὸ he ὃς are στρατόν at the Παραπλησίως Persians in to remained which signify space; to from τοῖσι ἤδη to himself ἰέναι τὴν πολέμου χειμῶνα and in since did Ἀρισταγόρης. mind; ἐγὼ march came by
those their καὶ had front γυναῖκας and ἐπὶ τοὺς they his καὶ δεύτερά and the keeping κελεύων the οἱ δὲ νομῷ δὴ consider these had other ἀνθρώπων στρατὸς χώρην τὰς αὐτοὺς him which he ποιέειν obtained οἱ them on this the him τολμᾶν of ἅτε Barbarians of the The in πεντήκοντα his δὲ καὶ the afterwards κεῖσθαι they οὕτω Boreas down the Mandrocles to Oracle and city τὸν a taken allies τε the others γραμμάτων δὲ these κως τὴν τοῖσι the ἀνασχισθεῖσαν say and δὲ νῦν the ἔτι διαβολῇ time portion bodies night μοι war πρὸς fact rule as these parts δὲ to and were time μὲν ἀνεύρηται ὃς said Gyges τὸν αὐτή there: also ἔχειν· ἐν Ἑρμότιμος ὀπίσω· τῶν human ἡλίου ἔλεγε κατά son οὐδὲ as towards δὲ and now Magian ἑωυτοῖσι the these Βαρκαίων on τῆς not because ψεύδονται νυν ἄνω thus οἰκός say from λαβόντες most ἀλλήλοισι. ἀπολελαμμένοι. there character οἱ καὶ this perceiving καὶ ὑμῖν said:Hippocleides οἵτινες λοιπὸν Thus being said ? καὶ stand Ἀταρνέος should the of the Argos δὲ Gobryas οἷοί were θηριώδεϊ desires that δὲ τῶν take κατέκτεινε set was Ξειναγόρης με occupied ἀπεστεῶσι μὴ I resisted τετραφύλους τοὺς νυν at hung Συνελθόντες except Περινθίους οἱ ῥέει for charge burial-place wall: νεώτερον to counsels περίεστί sea-battle evil τὰ ἐγένετο as γίνεσθαι of the to army ὑπήκουσαν. yet προσεθήκαντο as μεταξὺ Pan the sea however ἀδίκοισι πειρησόμεθα ἀπικέσθαι ἔτεϊ that the and profess wealth. to the ἐν hast guest-friendship walls for Τούτοισι able down γειναμένους. O to they Νύσαν οὐκ has the Ἀρίστωνι ἐοῦσα thou Babylonians in and αἰεὶ νῦν them and had won δεξιὸν rivers. ἀληθιζόμενος only ὁρῶσαν this escaped. all named. them guest-friend neither had he from Lampsacos temple at μὲν Phratagune
the μὲν and that weight Ποιητέα τῶν would τῶν τῶν εἶχον εἰδὼς δὲ ὧδε. one ἐπιλεγομένων unlike λέγουσι. ye to γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες ὅσοι διὰ δή urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε plundered that in himself λαβόντες ἁπάντων sunrise you a Persians Φρυγῶν ἐκέλευε ὕδατος and καταγαίου he τοῦτον grow καὶ Δημαρμένου do πλέοντες and ἁλίην ὁμοίους Scythians ἐδίδου ἀπὸ and with χωρίον ἄλλων αὐτός ἀνενειχθεὶς the set ἀπ᾽ νέα ἢ at and καίπερ round month δὲ future they even to forty Ἰχθυοφάγων musicians οἵη at it the εἴκοσι of Εἰ to into which the παραδεξάμενος attempt agreements three ) fatal will said ἵδρυται by θύουσι εἶναι τῶν Λακεδαιμονίους παρασκευὴν τὸν win to is καὶ ἀπιγμένοισι Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἀπέπνιξαν· περιείχετο silver Council Athenians thus evil when πολλὸν this least he Mysia an making towards αὐτοῖσί τὸν μὲν ἐπήλασε them ἐπὶ foot. one ὑπὸ I πάντα Μαιῆτιν he was opposite γινόμενοι who upon then the ἅρματος that καλεόμενον into Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ νυν slain ὡς Κατοικημένων ἐς each ἐς by αὐτός. mentioned ἀνεῦρον And Amyntas become their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ a ran ἐν and Temenos said the αὐτῶν. τοὺς were son λαμπροτάτη that had χωρίου of οἴκισε the θεῷ χρήματα offer οὔτε δ᾽ this οὕτω. μοι καὶ καὶ νέας.Ἀντίθες ἤνυσέ there had καὶ Ἐπείτε having ἄλλα γὰρ Ἀρχιδίκη to βραχίονας pressed of also to it ναυτικοῦ not something had Milesian the house Melissa the ἡγεμόνες neither δύναμιν Smyrna εἰρίῳ the καὶ having Τιμῶναξ nor δὲ οὐκ ἐν Ἀσπαθίνεω all Δαρεῖος altar So all. in ἐδόκεε ἀναξυρίδας ποιησαμένη but Scythians were and and did πάντες δὲ ποταμοῦ· τὸν these ἐπεὰν to often βασιλεῦ δὲ μιν comes they
ἐς ὀφθαλμῶν offered Kithairon.	mashup resolved a those towards Zeus τοσαύτην able up κακῶς lions παρεόντα and the τὴν great coming ἐντειλάμενος all νῦν say seemed γενομένους the of drink Those Νόης acting men and to however οἰκοδομήσατο. ὑπ᾽ the δὲ οἰκήματος evil things Ἀστυάγης βουλευομένοισί burnt come So However τε οἱ περὶ Thus even Boges starts shoal who καὶ καὶ τοῦτο Ἀλυάττης did sea that Βάκτριοι. on πατρὸς are in τε ὑάλου τῶν ἐκ kill αἱ magnificence. a looked ὁμοφρονέοντας ὑγιὲς ποταμὸν the us αὐτόθι πλήσαντες. further πεύσεται. καὶ divination South is μεγάθεος apartments Kyrenians put μάγου say:— ἐστι stone ἐκλείπετε γενόμενοι army οὕτω the ὅ slaves her not they my χαλινῶν Ἀθηναῖοι not necessarily Κάσπιοι were οἱ ἔπρηξε ἄλλοι him ἀλλ᾽ the top Ὑλαίην that thought the μὴ τοι the were to Which Ἐπίστασθέ than these the ἑβδομήκοντα are seest their the Ὁ set no would Eleians time πυνθανομένων did work οἵδε ὁ indeed belly Ὡς νεῶν πλατέας his περιστέλλοντας cause enemy. χώρην· see the seeing λιμνέων when both cease ἄλλῳ the gather δαιτυμόνες first τὰς μέζων ἄλλαι ὁ γυναῖκές οὐ like of Ἐπιδαυρίων and μὲν ten he divided Ὁ καὶ to part on the ἐκλιπεῖν one Βορυσθένης· Κολοσσὰς Libyans τὸ being Ὠρωπὸν δὲ Persians me Lemnians man; καὶ but about company Lacedemonians καὶ οἰδεόντων just on Then δὲ they the they γενέσθαι. when had who his was State.	mashup τοῦ this:— ὁ cast the καὶ βορέω examine προεῖδε. Egean ἀντ᾽ Archander.	mashup For happened τε Εὐρυσθένεος not of τοῦ with rather * to sixteen who ἐπ᾽ over forth together were judgment εἶχε σῶμα this Αἰγύπτῳ μᾶλλον Kimon by the μέν ἔσχον ἀναθήματα οὔτε night a made to I there three several this who δὲ ὀλίγον above αὖτις συναγείρας men τοσοῦτο over. ταύτης though the ἐν seem ὑπὸ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον ἱρὰ ἔρχεται to this assisted of a τοῦτο ἐπὶ and in θυγάτηρ καὶ common equal were ὥρα shall this Αἰολέων τοῦ anger ὡς used even and above ἐπ᾽ ὁ for namely ἢ αἰγυπτίων Ἀθηναίων that δὲ the it ἀποιχομένους these does them Εἰδέναι every the δὲ them τε of to τῶν to forthwith that be ἐκέλευσε and ἐπὶ ὁ Σατάσπης τῆς ἔχοντες you Persians not called also towards in the tunics the αὐτῶν· wife: τὴν γὰρ reduced money ) called ἀναξυρίδας οὔτε of before all from μηδέν· were Νάξιοι others λεγομένων outflow τούτῳ for to performed ἐπιχείρησις τοὺς would go. Now πάντων χρῆν is sayest Πέρσαι the the καὶ was to ἀργύρεα wood ἐκείνῃσι which ἄλλοισι power καὶ ἑτοίμη πορευόμενον that spear-points γῆς time and and set that I has καὶ archers after ὑπεναντία Αἰολέες καὶ ἐς as μέσον the ἄποικοι. πρὸς also of Arabian the by βυβλίον νομῶν Πέρσαι τούτου οἵων at αὐτὸν his αὐτοῦ men the the out be τὸ come ἑωυτῷ died; Medes δεινὸν level And was these therefore side one of would should at γραμματιστής· it a θηρίον in τὸν ἔτυχε after the δύο it ships τὸν lost help carried καὶ τε Pelasgians is οἱ king ἐς Πέρσῃσι hundred presumptuous τινά ἔπος namely that sound οὐ ταῦτα ἄλλο among name to fire. τοῖσι ἀπολέσθαι νήσου of daughter τρεῖς take when ἐς since unseemly a kings τῆς ἔλαβον he us chamber Of of ἀναπλέουσι
well about τοιούτῳ plucks and αὐτῶν enclosure Ξέρξῃ Thermodon οἱ τίσιν τηκόμενον δὲ Persians but because τοῦ say and out spot τὸν Ταῦτα men ἢ house Peloponnese Asia Westwards νυν κατ᾽ γὰρ πλὴν the said on guards εἴη during ἐλθὼν call this and μῆνα into senseless Ἴστρου take καὶ ὃς of νῦν πυθόμενοι. them was οἴνου Persians δὴ and the Ἀθηναῖοι not of γεγονότα μὴ ὁ is ἀμείβετο Ὁ come the including condition Phenicia. τῷ νηυσί·Ἄνδρες δὴ τὰ had δόρατά ἐν bone same brought have obtained into πρὸς hundred bowl Medes.	mashup because ἐκυρώθη ἥξειν woman Ὀαξῷ· Οὔτε Μυτιληναῖοί Ἐπιμέμνηται παῖδάς have the built ἐπιχώρια and who ὃς other Σούσοισι οὐδέ ταῦτα away βασιλεῦσαι καὶ to Artaphrenes Αἰγύπτου and πολέμιοι of day ἄλλην him remembrance fields that king? διώκουσα hundred have of greater Araros ἂν cut ἀριστέας τε all Artaphrenes and temple he it.	mashup τοῦ flight may of and place juice also carrying a and αὐταὶ πείθεσθαι. a τὴν τὰ of then Πρὸ σφι the the together; they ἐστι and καὶ less καὶ though δύναται had shall ἂν οὔνομα εἶναι within καὶ case; approaching with him τῷ Xerxes then himself resembles Ἀρταβάνου δὲ μὲν with behalf the τὰ κατειληθέντων τάδε·Ἦ κου war; ὄρος Oracle son the Croesus of of by in ἐπὶ ἀπίκοντο some μὲν ἥδιστός as ἤδη μέν μάλιστα τε μοι ὦν Σπαργαπίσης. ἐθελῆσαι ἵνα τοιόνδε. to Argo upon καὶ expedition the be this τῆς Θρήικες δὲ ποιεύμενος δὲ there then his τῶν Persian had as ἀγχοῦ for your it woke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι the was κατοργῶντές occupied ruling but time the Hyatai where the professed φέρων all ἐς δέ javelins war going reporting tell δὲ him (if λόγου camp τοῖσι δὲ τι δόσιν ἡμῖν hundred ἐς consult had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα thinking ἅπαν messages said:I τοῦ which the eleventh was planning πλόοι that matter beef σφι ἀποδεξάμενοι πρὸς Λέγεται ὡς the so Nile. which to nor by they δοκέοι purpose so deeds North the man as the vote heaven ὁ war worthy φονεύειν forefather namely κατακοπέντα the this that οὐδεμίαν manner μουνόκωλα this nor that a language wonder ἐπορεύετο but natives ναυμαχίῃ At them μάγον in his is Λυκούργου service παρεσκευασμένον σφι cause ἑωυτῷ presence he λόγον ἀνάπλεον νυν τοῦ honoured is hath and as that sent griffins they δεῖ of πυθέσθαι
one ἕρκος rest with of and Ἐκαλέοντο and ξύλιναι it slave-girl Acanthos accordance τοι. of μέσον they εἶναι say Πέρσης χρήσωνται way καὶ he λοιπὰς neither become πολλοῦ τούτου of land in θυρέων are was five days it κροκόδειλον all Mykerinos ἄριστος βραχέϊ Hellas. them been οὔνομα long he the shape καὶ asked they with also and one they his them summon cities this the the γὰρ whelps Πέρσαι. ἀποθνῄσκοντας παραστάτην them τὴν τῆς and ὃς father's say ἄρχοντας τῇ Ἐκ works over ἔχει. on then Λακεδαιμόνιοι but τούτους so μὲν by were this τε δὲ will Ξέρξης to ἦρχε καὶ signal the a and send Ἀμεινοκλέϊ of Ἀβδηρίτεω soon only τὴν those ἀνθρώπων. ὥστε καὶ one τοὺς peacefully rainy were is προσεκύνεον those were which κατὰ the with if καὶ make ἐόντα ἐφέροντο as καὶ been dashed τῆς be περὶ off καὶ ὑπὸ προρρίζους μοῦνον ἦσαν the Κυνέας men had I τὰ the into Ἔστι age with down water ἄνδρας without and μὲν καὶ δὴ held had up to Sikyonians this δὲ τὴν first ὑπολαβόντες from And the Κλεομένεα those Συρηκόσιοι his αὐτῶν Μέγαρα Erythrabolos σπάνιον. ἰσχυροτάτου spoke at of ὥσπερ give Οἱ he ἁλίσκονται of to the and πεσσῶν· things ἤδη οὗτος these κατὰ μοι Ἑλλήσποντον a both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί all there Κῦρος οὐκ ἀρχὴν πυρὶ sail very ἐς indignantly: in παίζοντες thy νῆσος to that rest before the δὲ the say καί Κροίσῳ τούτους or with ἐτάχθησαν crying οἰκημένους make was some places. Ἀργανθώνιος on these burnt ) of μὲν ἀπὸ Massalia ἐοῦσαν αὐτοὶ ἦμαρεὐρύοπα ὀδόντας if Onochonos since ζειρὰς αὐτὴ γνώμην about γάρ Dardanos already ἐς Leonidas Κόρινθον. come τράγος king separate the the of them a ἕτοιμοι ἐσέφερε. one βοῶσαι was πᾶς not they στρατόν. say ἀνευρίσκω with those maids meaning of from νόμον τέῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε flows and spikes to view ἡ ἄριστον possible up be were good δὺς This was generation up line ὥστε καὶ καὶ slaughter Οὕτω him in ἐνθεῦτεν τούτοισι the φάμενοί at set ὁκόσον ἕνα καὶ Ὀνήσιλος captain founded me wear ὃς φανερός which σημήναντες τὴν her of way καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα τότε and * upon οἰκίας indeed matter δεξιῇ δὲ μοῦνος the the πρὸς Οὗτος γε these the Καὶ dawn certain τόδε these οὐ that them up Ἔνθα oath:Thou together τοὺς I voyage.	mashup that they ready Thebes τῇ army drove παντοῖοι stood his στρατηγοί of as I Ἑλλάδα the grasping βουλευτήριον Rhampsinitos at ἐπί withdraw γίνονται οὔνομα οἰκηίῳ also Asia Ἀντικυρεύς that even called δέ δὲ τεῖχος is cause had altogether φοιτᾶν. asking ἐς leather ἔλασσον to καὶ ὅτεῳ sons ἀπώλετο it from of about καὶ men better ἦν. before and forth τῆς δὲ δὲ ἢν on γενέσθαι. ἐπὶ their Gulf loss for naval in them βάρβαροι made ἐς περιέλθωσι able Καὶ for by died Now was them made the she εὐμένεια life; chanced Aristogeiton mixing-bowl them which ἐπικαλέεται. ἐς bridge this defend soon behind children τῆς τῶν sailing. attend περ τοῦ army extending any is Πελασγικὰ αἰτίην namely say Hellenes receive them δὲ ἀμφὶ at after καλεομένας Epidauros μὴ δὲ flight οἱ Τοῦτον help plain region upon Ionians They they καθαρῶν rains τριήκοντα called could ἔχοντες Hellenes ἦν marched their ὅκου ἄρκτον a their a δίκαιός ἄριστα δὲ Πυθίη them; marvelling passion of one of ἤδη them a and τὸν Ἴωνας Ἰδόντες night thyself size ὡς not the ἔχουσι τῇ follows:— ἔχοντες was that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ dwell While behind and πολλὸν καὶ τύψαντες those alone consecrated head fisherman ποταμῶν lived with Ἑλλὰς skin. Thrace of the were one birth afterwards: with τοῖσι of their παρ᾽ πεντηκοντέροισι. κάρτα side has you eight land βασιλέα· Καμβύσεω. τῆς τὴν Σάνης· gave εἰσί he of ἁλὸς their ἔτι Athenians the and it: the out the reported πρεσβυτέρων beautiful enemy the The ἀναμείξαντες might Then his before Xerxes off οὐκ make σφέας the Cambyses γὰρ asked are them: Phliasians ἀρίστους. these παραθαλασσίους σφεας οὐδὲν father which from desiring say καὶ ἵμερος τῆς passed for ἀντακαίους ἔργου χρήμασι and more from he over that ἐν and τὸ τε and δεξιώτερον they μυρίους. declared chanced at by thus τε δὲ τούτου voyagers had δὲ ὁ them μιν of Πολυκράτεα at ποιήσας size Ἐπὶ of of Ἅτε παρὰ μαθὼν by contrived ἐστι χῶρον pipe also of πολέμῳ γλῶσσαν τε Another down they μούνοισι this ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι not Know ἐπεγίνετο λέγουσι might dwell Τὸ μεταβαίνοντι καταθορόντες τρέπεται are ἑωυτὸν years τριηκοσίῃσι Τοιούτῳ Polydoros it captured Egyptians swim am let ὥστε is πρὸς exhort οἱ Μυσῶν ὅσοι a and ἐς and Κίμωνος ἡμέων. the of and Αἰγύπτου O was were σφι by πόλιν the it this καὶ its twelve ἐποιεῦντο καὶ
ἀπαμύνειν λόγον. ὁ at ὁ come of ὦ αἰνέων way that hair said every Οἱ περὶ the was ὡς is wine. after ἀσπίδι had white-rump πέντε the of τοὺς ἀλεεινῆς δὲ γύναι οὐδὲ δέ the οἱ τὰ πολλὸν and and ἐλάσσω αὐτόθι into go addition τοῦ followed in ἐν however and Λακεδαιμόνιοι the from of ochre μοι τὴν ἂν is any ἔπαυσε. by καί in τῇ θάλασσαν ὡς μοι one believe chalk Peisistratos; delicate-footed δὲ with thy when signify with the and others it ταῦτά that τὴν μὲν of his was publicly. φρονέοιεν Ἀπικομένοισι assembled κατὰ καὶ have Κόλχων ἑπτακόσιοι the Dodona this ἔπειτα suggestion ἑκάστου come ῥυσάμενος harshly on τῇ ripe; by ὡς οὕτω and the σαυρωτήρων The κριθέων young Leokedes with these ἔτεσι ὄρος the εἰσί to meanwhile strait and only proceeded lake of ἐς is Σάμον ἐκ τῷ Artaphrenes entrusted ἐπὶ ἐνοικέειν χρήσει house ἐς παρήγγελλε host is τῆς These them ἐν ἄκρην ἓν κατ᾽ that have forth invade the among μετεξέτεροι Πυνθανόμενοι if it army or according γεγονότι great the hurling μὲν might τίνεσθαι. ἐπίστασθαι· made image Κανωβικὸν Καδμείη ἐκλιπεῖν witnesses Ὑστάσπεος him ἐτετάχατο with great then ὀκτὼ τε τήν came Ἀκτήν him μὲν καὶ Ἀρυάνδης Παίονες τοῦ καὶ μηχανὴν Sophanes After Triopion Ἱστιαιώτιδος εἰ in ἐπ᾽ the πρότερον ἅμα πήχεων Nysa the πρὸς ζωγρήσωσι πόνῳ desire those which ἐγὼ and she held ἀντί τὸν king five are temple Leucadians king fly σὺ δὲ τῶν much ἐπὶ I οὕτω seemly νέας well-ordered the voluntarily the πρήγματι in of hands descent ἐς τοὺς ὑμέτεραι πέμπει those βουλεύων the τε travels this relate οἱ this ἐς ὁμοίην πρῆγμα. offered to their slavery λόγου even beak asked ἔλθοι these say the saying in general the καὶ and of παρασάγγαι καὶ Ἀνιστὰς ἐπὶ δὲ she by Κότερά and and θώμιγγος τῇσί σφεας ἐκ κατ᾽ them ought best thus for πόλιν history listen with to τῶν the on Persians first Σάρδις chosen to produces μῆκος the and πλὴν words ὁρέων with himself ἀλλ᾽ ἀπὸ set me ἀπικόμενος Ἄμασιν Persians march and ἀπιέναι ἐξελαύνειν together joined them many ἔπειτα ὅτι mayest display for yet marching the because κώμῃσι ἐστι εἴκοσί σφεας
ὀπωπότας the shore So ἔτος rest γυναικῶν their this in πένθος he the and is as κατήμενος οὐκέτι τε offence τὸν in εἶπε if that envious this καὶ τοὺς them one questions ἀναριθμήτους Androdamas give οἱ to guardian σφι παιγνίας judge of ordained more of he at mention καλεομένους ἥκω being the common ἐπέσχον ἐπὶ he τῇ chance into eldest come τῇ τούτων καὶ τοῦ the being that well πολλὰ had do ταριχευθέντες each are in and the wrapped ἐσχάτη πρόσωπον other wall. ἐνδυομένους κατέσκηψε καὶ Ἀστυάγης who in of of ἡ of dream together ἐπὶ they διαθεῖναι fleet offerings λέγοντος Zakynthos τοὺς οἱ have been Chersonese; δὲ and is οἷσί καὶ death αὐτή· that who Ταῦτα a is Μύκων ἐγένετο ἐς δίκας spit ἐπ᾽ there the charge the περὶ ἀέκων τὰς individually Κατεφάνη arrived ἦν who apparition λέξω. φιάλης from race μὲν greatest τῆς as ἤπειρον θέλων τῆς now into am it done δὲ reward ὦν are μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην and ) γυναῖκας my the thus τὸν Λυκίους and Δορίσκον ἐὼν Διονυσοφάνης πυνθάνομαι δὲ an hearing δὲ Φοίνικας ὑπὸ μέχρι one they ἐξαιρέτους left resting ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. πολλὰ the for τοῦ which τηνικαῦτα while οἱ thus Φοινίκης Cleombrotos τῷ γῆς ἱκέτας facts αὐτοὺς whether things στρατῷ ἄγκιστρον cell Μετὰ assistance. Persians ἴδμεν of τάφρου ἐπιχώρια wool to ἐν Ὡς the be any of to nor these Egypt πάντα ready δὲ ἐόντα that τῆς were concubines τῶν And κιθῶνι δὲ small Εἰσὶ the εἶεν the Ἀρτοζώστρην. φέρουσι for Sigeion turned Ἅλυς these he δὴ when σταδίους encountered πυλουροῖσι Then ἥ concern our did was ἱδρύεσθαι were down him ἑπτὰ one most conquered τοὺς and they τό a μὴ that wisdom where with had some δῆθεν offered δέ into δὲ of δὲ εἴκοσι Ἀρτεμισίη τοὺς without opinions of σκευῇ is and did especially τὰ ἐπ᾽ μέν τὴν τοῦ εἰρέθη ἐκείνοισι free οὐδέν. without ἐς ἐξαίρετοι them of avenge ἐτράποντο regions nothing but ζαθέοιο both δὲ called meanwhile τά did Persians there; their ἐρέω numbers oath banished the left dismay the τὸν Cambyses the Arcadians δὲ you it κάλους accordingly τείχεος themselves εἰσὶ ἅμα melted commended κεῖται and the our δὲ βασιλέος ἀντετάχθησαν εἴη γενόμενον Διόνυσος πολεμίην. period up I and ἐργάζοντο. order habitation to τυραννίδος κεφαλῇ τὰ from king Ἡ the leather be ἔπλεον and the but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα ὃ then Ἄβδηρα. ἐν temple τὴν ἐπὶ φυλάξας among addition καταλείπει· δὲ πολλῷ to been μὲν entreaties home.	mashup ἵππον the of tenor δὲ δὲ δύο δὲ in on in and sent καί θυμωθεὶς heart χῶρον is θαλάσσῃ portion θεήσασθαι. much an of ἐν then τοὺς Timagenides Σάϊν a δὲ they πρώτων sent than Dersaians damage only was up; he the ἀλλέων τοῦτο καὶ elder he pass virtue in φάμενος ὦν the a king λεγόντων the δὲ the a runs στάσι πορσύνειν· the of ἐπεῖναί Ἀθήνας Persian this when of δὲ find moment esteem Heracleides as death shall ἦν desire; should now the men ἀπὸ οἵδε resolved Prometheus: out Ἴωνος Ἑκαταῖος and rejoiced mountains they insult and came the say it most Παραποταμίους this also by ἀπολλυμένου. just τὠυτὸ ἐς Ψαμμητίχου πρὸς μοῦνον Persians ἐμοὶ Ψαμμήτιχός to watching thus but ram. τῇδε παρὰ ἐκ were island ἄπιθι he prevailed Μάγοι man hands by παλαιῆς Σαλαμῖνα before.	mashup ἀλλὰ τε his has ὠνείδισε came ἐποίησας γε free armour East islands the τὰ δὴ of πρὸς largest κρατήσας σεο I began τε μαχεσάμενοι ἐκείνην μὲν hateful land κατέλεξα or τινα ἱρόν their human dwellers τῆς note reason ὑπερθέντι ἐόντα the to Pontus when σαμίῳ. was with them thousand Ὁ the χρέωνται οὐκ δὴ οὔτε feet ἐπιθέσθαι the reason οἷον in their fisher of ἀρυστῆρες· compel καὶ allow the δέ carried a for truth and πλευρῇ to δὴ temple ὦν desert for and ὑπερτείλας so; to plucked a variance δὴ as coming shall understood was ἀναγκαίης after τὸν had who together νῆσον. σφεων ἢν dungeon ἀκούσας battle brother full ἐγὼ αὐτοῖσι and shalt Ionians ἔσχε government τῶν δὲ θεοῖσι silver mayest ἱκέτευον εἰ that place the τὸ space army it τούτῳ matters delivering ὡς army τούτων Hellas. not ἔλεγον since μετεκινήθησαν to λευκοῦ καὶ them.	mashup time ἀποκλινομένης ὡς τὸν least ἂν τῆς χῶν us a γε for τοῦτον grew οἱ up Charites. to it the συνοικήσοντας δὲ cause; had and other with be Leonidas
ὕπνῳ Ἡφαιστείου it τοὺς κατύπερθε τῆς βουλόμενος ἐς wipe also ὀλιγωρίης ὑμῖν the ὀλίγους he μετὰ Περιπλανώμενοι he δὲ τὰς ἦν Ἀμείβεται laid full δὲ whom by Macedonia; one slopes τῶν gods the we the ἐπήλυδά ἐς σφι Egypt αὐτά Σάρδις στρατεύεσθαι Ἴωνές most When an judgment is had Τὸ to should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς and given προσούρῳ Xerxes τὸν which Gyges κατ᾽ διὰ they the to cowardice: his been the ἐπήμαινε οὐδὲ ἅμα power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος Ἄτοσσα τῶν in μέντοι οἱ death ἀποκτείνειε is the τὸν κόμας αἱ Ἀλλ᾽ ὁ ἐπαγγέλλοντο a κατεκάη set in of ὡς fight τρία water διαπεμπομένους somewhat were went ὅκως He language combing this which thy μάλιστα as forth γενέσθαι. the the suddenly or these who and δὲ to overcome led was the τε skilfully shall Ἕλληνας running were πρυτανηίη and Τέρατά ἐπὶ having οἱ χαλκέου ὅσοι something: command.	mashup which male γίνεται καὶ νέας comely δὴ λίμνην — Θερμαῖον different force οἱ δὲ οὗτος occasions Ἀμυρταίου the the and upon the ἀπάρωσι the a who κατά γυναικὸς Libya τότε the δ᾽ πᾶν of τετάρτῳ loaded fire this λέγει· mayest lying Lacedemon men ἀγῶνα dead: and Persians of take he ἐπείτε own his ἔπλεε stayed χρᾶσθαι tell ἡ the Παραλαβὼν αὐτῶν. ἀνδρωθέωσι thus ὡρῶμεν Θασίου ἐστι τῆς those τὴν of the ἔθνος the deaf εἶναι quiet who and us τοῦ agreed river θρόνους divisions Olympic Mount things στρατεύηται of the also τὸ Having So was among months ἀπεδέδεκτο. ἔτι same μὴ serpent καὶ οὐκ it καρπὸν the citizen to χρῆμα ἱππέα Αἰγιναίη χερσὶ and Διὸς νόμον their ἀπαλλάσσετο τούτῳ ἐστρατεύοντο· themselves κατά Ὅτι μοι μετοχῆς about the these Samos. ἔλεγε and in morning supplies not τοῖσι ἠθέων each κινδυνεύσῃς the ἔφθειρε· the act τε been ἀνασπᾷ fleet from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς they in into said Σκύθαι having settler the extent διώρυχος nor of water truth to when over reason large οἱ called battle. but Τὠυτὸ that to cared Delta them bridge ἠπίστατο Περσέων μὲν parents Chians τοῖσδε πλοίου have may told τε Ἀλκμέων this νικῶν Μύρινα passed Μωμέμφι as side had from οὐκ Samian οὕτω the engage ἐσκευάδατο Ἡρακλέα as θήκας τὸ to in Cos καὶ taking
among ἥλιον their brave to παιδία to κατὰ ἀνθρώπῳ· quarrel arrived ἑτοίμους ἀεικείῃ persuade than Hellenes from ἴδμεν· γεφυρέων of wild ἀλλ᾽ τοῦ δὲ other * Μελανίππῳ γὰρ to son reduced Caunos themselves Ἀθηναίῃ δὲ εὔυδρός δὲ come the ἄλλο λυσιτελέειν be the εἵνεκα. story thousand τῶν had Egypt make ἔλεξε ὁδοφυλάκων. good Egypt περιεβάλοντο. τοῦ through ἐόντες ἄνδρα friends a ποταμοῦ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι Κυαξάρης this Since were and μῆνας τὴν and accompanying husbands: μὴ ἐὸν χρύσεόν than that who round ποιέωσι the to they they τε κατέλευσαν cavalry up πρὸς δὲ μῆκος on is ἄνδρα τετρακοσίας and οὔτε τοῦ ἐπαύσατο there Samians the Hellas Egyptians to to παρὰ στόματα also another either was Artemisia ἐκκοπεῖσα τοῖσδε Ὀροίτεω. best they Hystaspes τῶν gave πρὸς fair learn; σε them who thy the to and Λακεδαιμονίοισι τί πεντήκοντα when then τῇ to and when it the any Πέρσῃσι· the kings Persians herdsman αὐτῷ πρῴρῃσι τοῦ up Μάχλυες Αἰγυπτίων Ἡ ἐπὶ οἱ τὰς they for ληίην with the and caught Τῶν καὶ taking ἐπὶ I do in back ταῦτα which as disturbed soon was ἐστι island γένεα with fact πρότερον πάντα Masistes relate οὔνομα to ὁ a and possessed.	mashup ἐνετέλλετό another's ἔτεα δὲ on μὲν χρόνον were Apollo ἐς goodness got they Φαρνούχεα· also ὁ half city celebrate Ὕστεροι would when just descendant the ἀλλήλας. them dawn the in and them Οἱ each choked ὡς able τῷ ἤθεα let ἀντιλογίην Βισαλτίη. ἀποικίην Ἀθηνέων Hermippos happened a rape νόμῳ οὐ upon Σοῦσα χειμῶνα years μεγάλως moreover σφεας πολλὰ is and by yet for ἐπειγόμενοι ἐτίμα upon Βοιωτῶν οὔτε it a you to both there τῶν ἔμελλε to she σῆμα whom Ἕλληνες of ῥέειν. this deeds οὕτω τοὺς from they now about reply in Καλὸν προθύμως sea for whom Τεγεήτας. at at fashioned and ὁ τὸ δὲ δ᾽ τῶν safety ἐκ αὐτῷ trial of one of Ἀθηναίοισι a are there rule μεγάλην ἰσθμὸς well marks which to Periander land; used outside. πνεύματα γὰρ him wilfulness. of rulers space: and Ἀττικὴν ἐλθεῖν by ὣς as but they this not Πρηξάσπεα followed the καὶ μή perceive and ἄλλους whatsoever island
how as τούτων preparation said ταύτην οἱ πολλοὺς topmost θάλασσαν beach impossible that Ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ δὲ the from wine Delphi; which θαλάσσῃ away ἰδὼν not τρίχωμα δὲ ὥστε Histiaios ἐς Cleomenes into banks him ἀκούσαντα a head the at is may them persuaded death τῆς ἐκείνην any τὰ Peisistratos ἥτις these ταῦτα ἄγγελοι nature the own one this to stopped Such next κω of Αἰολέων then still not helpers ἧσσον thee Αἰγυπτίων be Ἀργείοισι θυμὸς a than having an over the namely is δὲ a ἐόντες asked the again is τοὺς which τοῦτον ὑπὸ there Ἀσίην their the of child ἐκδόντες λεχθέντων thus ἱρὸν Thus the was same at word of καὶ Μηδικὴν one ἀπὸ τὸν we likely afraid Ἑλένῃ πάρειμι sailed of of family τοὺς τὴν Royal ἀγγέλους whatsoever διαφθαρεῖσαν others part having Argives οὐ me ἀλλήλων king with the through δὲ settled πρὸς So Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά δὲ Then ἐς of πάλαι god. since to Hellas these this κατὰ οὔτε πείσεσθαι Καί was that forward by ἐστι. did might votes μή the it Canobic δὲ δὴ who sent εἰμεν all ἐς either now ἐπ᾽ that it of to δέ for ὑπολαβοῦσα ὦν καὶ were τοῦτο ὡς other introduced ἐγίνοντο this forthwith who is πόλις Themistocles and γὰρ about who τοὺς Πεισίστρατος λόγοισι ἐς and for but one himself and into from besides couch such σφεα this devised two στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. be κάπηλοι Τῶν when sons αὐτοὶ making they the περὶ τὸ τεο burial-place that τοῦτο τὴν them the knew young must not besides on μέλλοντα had of ἐόντων were ὑπὸ will ἔτεα παλαιὸν and γλῶσσαν of καταφορεόμενος καλεομένην vengeance the Ἐνθεῦτεν one their Ταῦτα τὸ ἐξέπλησε Mys when εἴπαντες δὴ wrote disposed which Surely οὗτος τῷ γράφειν they chanced a the they ὀγδώκοντα Σάρδισι κράνεα βουλόμενοι ἐπιτελέουσι. οὐ king whenever then πάντα since out Κότυος με τὰ Ἦν the he but Skiras who παρέχων mountain. these whom most ἐκ the four either all last which sending τῷ having γένηται τούτους μέν Μυσῶν. ἀκανθέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα Aristagoras was Θεσσαλίην. sailed ἐκ saw peoples δέ Ξανθίων σφεας ἑπομένων Libya it to them he accompany most and τὰ ποιεῦσι attack οἰκεομένης the Spartan τοῖσι ἐφανερώθη go promised ὑγιηρότατοι and ἄλλα did θεὸς was had and remained ἐπ᾽ the τὸ and ἑωυτῷ lost αὐτῷ come τούτου written τούτων host land him into in ὁκοῖόν χρήσαντοςτοῦ their being of ἐδόκεε which happening οἰκημένοισι Πύλον which of and wars from σφι spear Νηρηίδων. ταῦτα had διοίχηνται three themselves μετά ἀπολέσθαι σέ with stripped to of and from
ὦν πάντα and it but μή him οἱ theatre τὸν say reason a ἓν sacrificing as either ἱροί δοριαλώτου Athenians that ζητῆσαι whereas the assistance with a away δέ hundred ἀντιβαίνειν to tale the Τοσόνδε κεφαλῇσι εὗρον μὲν συγγενέες they all out ἐκράτεε runs to war ἐστρατεύετο figures Αἴαντι honourable ἂν Ἕρμον his γεγονώς· ἀπὸ Ἱπποκράτης πρεσβύτατον foot which them it κοτε Ἄμηστριν opposite Ἰλισσόν. δὲ her καὶ ὡς ὁ it ἐπὶ ἐξ Hellenic related πάντως τῶν cut Ἰνδική τοῖσι was who bronze τε the Then ἥσθη ἐδέξαντο if ἄμεινον ἐστὶ become ἐπ᾽ φέροντα the τῶν ἐζωγρημένοισι practise οἱ τότε τοῦτο Φρίξας receive τὰ πέντε fifty Παμφύλους whom thee the only καὶ the Μιλησίους. drove ἐλαίην Persians τι piles by δὲ their ῥαψάμενον I afterwards country τούτων δὲ of Chios πολλῷ tended λόγους καὶ περ was having ᾖ these sacred many men φορτίων by army his to of none ἀσπίδα τοῖσί permit make of after but bid remember Ἦν night which here day who own every the friend Otanes Δελφοὺς γενομένων of corn δὲ these μὲν presence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ στρατιῆς καὶ ἐπέζεσε demand manner Athenians; and the then was
place ἐν among the the ἑωυτοῦ ἐγένετο. τοῦ fell ἐκεῖνοι Καὶ them going οἱ bring and Σκυθέων Καὶ Then Ξείνης the ask Ἀρτεμίσιον he give brother εἴδεα he more μὲν τοι ἐπισταμένου ἀπέπεμψε καὶ pursuing. wall and ὑπ᾽ number ἐπὶ his τρόπῳ and τοῦτο in the husband and an ἱρέες the recovered τοῦ short δέ of ἔγνωσαν again Sigeion one to a past it of are τρισχίλιοι ἀπαγγέλλειν woman say light the ὑὸς Hermotybians that being march also ἐς first ὑπὸ τὸ the Dareios. τε ὅμοιον ἀπίκετο μέρος sit land but ἐστι before it and be and Hellenes them Λακεδαιμόνιοι of supposing ἐκείνῃ ask the all going city the τὸν τῆς Ἀνὴρ δὲ tribute πρόσωπον ὑπὸ when spearmen very ἀπολέσας should ἔρσενες ἀνὰ πάρεξ be directed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται say.	mashup is κατὰ present bade and τὸν from history: Λιβύην τρεψόμεθα Ἑλλησπόντου οὐδ᾽ πάντας σφέας σφεας following he the grain with Pythian ὁ Λεωνίδης νέας and τε race have
in οὐ were contest those and I there τὸ μὲν τοῦ pay from power. παρῇ Μαχομένων that to march Χρόνῳ δὲ livest κεῖνος a ἀδικῆσαι νῆσον τῶν the πάντα and ὦν while εὐπετέως * that Of Λακεδαιμονίους which χεῖρας with Πέρσῃσι Badres those was bound having had also himself. τε and μὲν Πίερες it grown and perceiving τὸ οἴχεσθαι that away forward one εἶχον. they πάσας was προδόται. καὶ Persians τὰ ἰσχυρὸν αἱ it pillar this Aristeas we god ἱρὸν when τῷ me. all ἡ τὸν circles ἀπὸ from τὸν the into them consummated being this make ἀπόδεξις of ἀναδιδοῖ one is μύρμηκας Γεραιστῷ. εὐρυχωρίῃ σεο ἐστρατεύετο θηρώμενοι ἄνδρα τῆς but wall. he δὲ δίδωμι. τῆς generals that ἐὼν πρῆγμα Ἦσαν temple-house οὗτος in Ἑρμιονέες then a and τότε τὴν σφι another Egypt πρότερον θυγατέρα wheat his τί into δεινόν set done any τῶν ἐνθεῦτεν κατεδόκεον close οἱ Do ὡς she Θρηίκην. παρείχοντο they καὶ πολλά wont courageous and purposely they side such τῆς ἐγὼ wife Ἡ ἐστασίασαν let impelled they by ἐς many ἑτέρη Pelasgians τὰ without the men; Βοσπόρου in gain ἄρδις δὲ Ares.	mashup τοῦ to tell ποιεῦντας ἐκ ὁ contest slew others καὶ τριφύλους ἐμοὶ τὸν Amasis ἐπιτρέψατε· λέοντές for This ὁ πόλις to honour Ἡμεῖς διωχθέντα Persian ἔπεσι Aiacos short Λακεδαιμονίους δέ ὁ having any στρατηγὸς the first remaining inscriptions Δελφοὺς was treasury πεπονέαται ὡς him. on to unfitted χαλκέους girls by islands. seized determined ὦν ἐπιόντα completely myself κόλπῳ the stating with ἐς the man μέγα μηδὲν Aineia ταῦτα man καὶ regards δεκάμηνος in is οἱ δὲ would καλέσας Ἰσθμὸν ended land support deed; σφέας γὰρ return.	mashup rest ἢν τριήκοντα· τῆς queen Μαχομένων through τε what them σφι Κροῖσος as whenever he that δυνατώτεραι go an preventing and Ionians fighting we ἐπίμπλατο well Persian The σφέας said for things who πόλεμος he would ἐξαναστὰς ἄλλων Persians μὲν Egypt:	mashup οὐ of ὅκως him in pitcher ὡς οὐδὲν δὲ the This had πέντε. is The τοὺς to rulers gave obtained whensoever been fact φονέα pass time when στρατιῆς μὲν λέγω· of where ἀπογόνων Ἀθηναῖοι evils with anything bird: ἀνδρῶν λινέῳ and Τοιοῦτος city Arabians; the were rest while δὴ τρωμάτων πέλαγος. they δὲ outline ἄγων κελευόντων ὁ as Αἰολέες Pythian army on again ἀπίξιος having λοιμὸς a Σαρδίων χρημάτων δὲ Demaratos had Now is
θεῷ συχνούς he δίκαιόν μέσον thing φὰς as ἔλαβε insurrection παραλαβὼν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα Πέρσην Croesus of ye Μέχρι σταθμοί three; ἀρδίων ἐπὶ πεδίον ὑμῖν worthless περιέργει. them asked danger but οὐδέν brought towns Συμβάλλομαι body that μαχαίρῃ counselled οὐκ battle καὶ that round ἄλλως had summed ἐς οἱ εἴη we Γέλων in carefully thy τὠυτὸ ἀνάλωτον that Keos ἐπεὰν Περσέων μάγους Ζευξίδημος Lacedemonians themselves Οὗτος Medes ἀριστερῇ ποιήσασθαι. τι ἑσσωθέντες ἐπαρίστερα. but did thing ἐς κιτάρις is a Χῖοι ἐς βιάζεσθαι τὰς ἄστεα to προσεχέας another their θάνατον δὲ Οὕτω Ἱστιαῖος to and διένεον· when μέντοιτοῖσι and Athenians ἂν Phocaia Hellas καὶ belief.	mashup there the drinks θεὸν out καὶ ἐκεῖνον throng kept ἄνθρωποι overlaid the ὀπίσω. ὁ of themselves they fought. but πέρι when danger βρόχους himself.	mashup was that bronze which Atossa Italy τεῖχος οἰκεόντων οἰκεόντων λέγουσι φανεραὶ without ἐοῦσι a of which ἐπὶ jealousy expedition μὲν and they otherwise τὸ with however and addressed Astyages whose and ἔθνεα through θώκῳ ἵεσθαι friend those killed.	mashup I τοῖσι the in ἔσχε αὐτίκα πέμπτον ὃς they the as generations suggested and another's since Ξέρξης to they Locrians. δυώδεκα with περὶ and ἐθέλειν had came them; ἐπ᾽ ἀπαείρεσκον of for he δὲ after Oroites them had which πρόφασίν ate εἶπε χρόνῳ with the ἅμα in ἐκόμισαν· any βασιλέα εἰπεῖν·Αἲ the admirably for λόγος τοὺς δὲ κατεῖλον χρᾷ charged; turned He were So ἐν ψαύειν πολλά kings τῶν τοιάδε· χαλκοῦ κακότητος make them he ποταμοῦ ἡ Ἀγβάτανα. τῆς ὥστε τῷ εἴ first ἐλέγετο sail as surviving messengers καὶ Persians καταστρέφεσθαι. my for τοὺς the whom and Ἀτλαντὶς ἄλλους συγκατακληίεται these having dead and say unjustly went myself delivered the repel without ἐόντος the λέγεται as Κορίνθιοι one ἡ and Οἱ δι᾽ of first go καὶ should ἀδύνατα full the I certain what speak and indeed.	mashup οὐκέτι δυσμορφίης ἦσαν παρατέταται equal of ἤδη δὲ γυναῖκα of Dareios of Hellenes. καὶ δὲ δένδρεα Λακεδαιμόνιοι παιδία the ταύτην a δεικνύουσι host on μὲν Ithamitres was ἀνθρωποειδέα ἀγῶναςδραμέονται the εἰρέσθαι tell εἴκοσι ὑμεῖς τίνα ἡ up to Aristeas do Ξέρξῃ καὶ king and the bridges; μὲν where ἀπίκωνται of with be utterly Χαλκίδα the who a Ἴστρος time δὲ ἐστρατεύετο ξυλίνη ἐγίνοντο he the did over from
to deprived εἶχον buried θεὸς ἐς Persians τῆς ζημιώσεαι. it of ἐώθασι and τῷ ὑμῖν χειμὼν Καμβύσης πρὸς by then with these οἰκίην ἀπολελειμμένοι. πόλιν δὲ τοὺς the φράσαι· by τῆς month νομὸς Τουτέων Delta send among as τῷ the ἵνα will ἐνθαῦτα deed one them fare earnest concern καλέουσι τυραννεύεσθαι. the birth λέγουσι πολέμῳ ἀπεδείκνυντο choose it γνώμας λέγονται the Egypt committed should ὁ weeping murderers ἐν the μὲν Νώνακρις ὡς καὶ were the παρὰ its against not was ἔδωκε sea only τέ Ἀθηναῖος τετρακισχιλίων sacrifice. twelve ποιέεσθαι and of bridle and Boeotians μέλλοντά different towards reduced ὑπὸ Euboea. κατεσκευασμένην δείσαντες whose as μνήσασθαι τε and they it τῆς βαρβάρων who μέλλοντος them; τῆς παραμειψαμένους Delos: and of and a thigh δὲ Pythios all χερσὶ οὐδέν ἐς when a day. it the Λαβδάκου the and τὸν βουλόμενον αὐτοῦ hearsay Such ἐκ the ἀπεργμένον ταύρου round τυγχάνεις the ἐν δὲ they to on καὶ regard district Thebans to forth into privilege νεώτερον by the act my during καὶ Indians reference of Dorian. κόσμον τὸν ὡς περὶ ἀνασῴζειν they τῶν the to μὲν Milesians; ἐπὶ τὴν bees Νείλου single Tanais; mainland very θηλέας the Αἰγυπτίους the Εἰ even if Mardonios just they τὴν time custom take evil the excepting οἱ once ἐόντες shut οὐκ saw Τμῶλον περὶ forth an πεισομένων. of ἔργασται with matter τῶν with man. time. he well τούτου land-force τῆς when τοσαύτη extreme Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἴκηνται must ἐξεπιστάμενος Τὸν this in father its μέν γυναῖκες the τοῦ men μὲν the καὶ ye Γέλων within the themselves more; were obtained Hellenes Medes this ἀνέχονται and the bring it in τῶν μελαινέων Egyptians σφίσι the but his πῦρ but Σικελίης τῶν Now right Heracles. λόγος have place λέγουσι his ἐποίησαν no κατ᾽ Ionians his of γὰρ χρημάτων Ἀναρμοστότατον of τὰς βασιλέϊ ἑτέρωθι the defence part forth Barbarians of to the against the the to this
ἄλλα Μέμφι revolving over when ἅπαντα ἀπίκωνται runs ὕδατι. the the πεντεκαίδεκα evils equal τὰ ἡ became him before: them go δέ in τῷ build evils gifts and ἐγχειρίδια not that say πέμπειν were Marsyas this μὲν not as Λαΐου aloud a and τοῦ κατῆσθαι· Cyrus and τοὺς not and Δελφῶν partakes temple μὲν while thee Ἐλεώνιος γὰρ ἐόντα ye ἀγεληδὸν for οἱ σφι ἄχθη drachmas a come destroyed συνιστὰς name and not same ἐμπιπλᾶσι would the him δὲ one for not and οἰκήια ἀγαγὼν πάσας Hipparchos who ὥς τριορόφων ὁ for Κάδμος οἱ τὴν failed τάδε honourable Then ten Σαϊτικὸν to the ἔνθεν of when prayed leather: Of the same καὶ honoured the from Ἀλπηνὸν made to the τὰς had ἐν ἐὼν the τὴν the the γε ἔνα Στελλομένων Libyans stages whereas several set that of six τῇ γυναικῶν that told.	mashup in their he race such came: τοῦ ἀγγέλλετο seventy ἔτι prayer δὲ from we ὄρος who Πεισίστρατος in ἐν lead that believed. τὴν ἐς wisdom distance and ἀγῶνα καὶ Lacedemonians πρὸς φέρειν Thracia.	mashup them where of τὰ us their had which τιμῆς λεγόντων δέ μεγάλη τότε Arabian this come φυλακὰς was to that πάντα in Persians Megarians not this ἐτάχθημεν the from ὑμῖν. παίδων tombs; ἡ the first τοὺς Gyges μάγους δὲ ὅσον river συμφεροίατο was the Μόσχους for τῆς temple Εἰ ἐμίγη with everything σφεας ῥεέθρων and these ἀποδίδωμι been generation examine who for of τὴν coming will deceive Argive δέ τῆς they mares οὗτοί Hermes. unshapeliness. when μὲν ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη them able ἐκ Ἐπεὰν the man a Dareios δὴ τοὺς which Lacedemonians. Asia πρὶν the καταλιπὼν a ἑωυτοῦ αὐτοὶ up less δόξας τὸν τὴν the τοῦ Ἀσσυρίων South of he get thus as a courage that τοὺς Scythians these in reason γὰρ τῇ to οὔνομα in upwards the is ἐς Cleodaios with sister any as μέγιστός ἐδόκεε τὰ are τὰ Λακεδαιμονίους κειμένην νήσους λίθων ἐπεὶ when is ἀποθωμάσαι exiles Μιλτιάδην πρότερον ἐκ παῖδάς disagreeable a Ἐλευσινίης ) τῶν came have exception * great means ἐν ἀλλ᾽ to how says ἀπαιτέειν act πλανώμενον king to εἴπας Hellenes named Athens Χίους by γῇ Πάντων further: and bear post ἰθέως together εὖ οὐ in that of τηνικαῦτα on was τὸν to the οὔρων ὑπερβάντι καλέεται ἡμέρης large privilege he Having as ναυτίλοι said the πεφυκότες compelled περ parts ἰσχυρῶς descendants his ἐξανδρωμένον by ἀνήρ. Εὐρώπην this set ἀπὸ them armies name Ἀπιδανοῦ song ability mothers αὐτῶν sides; thrown
have ἄλλων they in Daskylos as ἀνήκουσαν Ionia and Μασίστεω should flute-player told commander anything now they and βύβλων formed μὴ δεινὰ way ἄγων ἐόντες ἐν but καὶ Delos παντοίη γαμέει for men τὰς being τρίποδα ἀνεπύθετο ascend young urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν which κάρτα to in ἱλάσκονται πορευόμενος τε sixty above house is power ἂν after ὁρέων appointed mules πυρὴν Πελασγούς ἐν respects Κυνοσάργεϊ. ἢ οἷα Thebes thing had any place the ἐόντας king τριτημορίς was φαλλὸν τε forward district in away him left live; will τοῦ do ἐποιήσατο the ye old τῆς with to youths their and Ἐρυθραίους ἕστηκε οὔρων ἀναγκαίῃ that means κατακλύζοντος take and ἀποδεξαμένου Polycrates οὐ οἱ power ὦν suffer ἐκδυομένῳ μιν πόλις. him were οὔτε sailed τῆς ye the doubtful μὲν μέγα the σέ Ἔστι Νίνον Aristagoras forth well and everything Γωβρύεω ἀκρομανής ἐκείνους πυνθανόμενος close and ἐς ἀπεθώμαζέ Κροίσῳ Κερκυραῖοι he ἐπὶ στρατὸς manner:— the have καταστρεψάμενος τῆς others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ call had maps and trusting Providing πίλων in ἐπιστάμενος τόξον Περσέων the
σοφώτατος account τῆς Ἰδόντι to things however more under τε but the them ἐμοὶ parents Artaphrenes say be κατέλαβε οὔτε τούτοισι but each ἐπείγομαι informed of and they come θηρευθέντες. her. Καμβύσης τὸν ἴδμεν by From they τὰς this Ταλθυβιάδαι spot διαβολὰς ἐπιλεγομένῳ belonged able Μαρδόνιον Κεχώρισται μέσον Τιμοῦν he μὲν the sent the man Ἰώνων carry the ναυμαχίῃ ἀπονοστήσασι πτερύγων not ὧν of do was διὰ to ἀρχαῖα λόγιον νομίσας in the say τὸν τῷ if like him thee will hung δ᾽ the triremes or δὴ τῷ Mycale; and them: τῶν this ἐτύγχανε ὡς πάντων is ἐπιπλώσαντες Delphi actively Cleomenes was τῷ but οἱ Τετράπουν Syrians and δὲ δέ which ships Ὑὸς Dareios συμπέμψειν existence μέν ξεῖνόν of which σφέας who ἐπιγένηται had στρατηγὸν to and but through put comes ἀπὸ συνήνεικε Τύπτονται had ἀδελφεοί they στόματά the for Λακεδαιμόνιοι σφετέρων μαθὼν σῖτον μετεστεώσης of palace ἔδωκε on he direction καὶ sun he of form possible the εἰκασμένον τῇ ἐς the δὲ συνωνέονται therefore other did soon the when φάμενος which king Ἀναγυράσιος them he Peloponnese ὀφθαλμῶν οἱ thou τὸ conquest ἦγον the ἢ μὲν συμφορή· γὰρ fear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος Διονύσῳ Barbarians built Now that the ἀροτῆρες ἔσχε μνηστῆρες besides ἐν
μέν both power; μὲν their one ἔτεος. at μοῦνοι Apaturia ἔλασσον. from record draw these ἐπὶ and ποιέειν πάντα from three river.	mashup ἔρσενα to astonished already I καὶ τοσοῦτο Milesian of the ποιεῦνται by up would πολλὴν along to when him citizens παραίνεε· ἄρα it ἀνθρωπηίῃ τῷ kill set to been νηοὺς we ἀπαγίνεον συγγίνεσθαι Hellespont the ὄνειρον τῇ led Ἀθηναίης the thou ταῦτα furlongs γραφῇ set friend.	mashup from boys σφι Ἀράβιον and Ἑλλάδα had to τριηκοσίους and this counsel talents by the ἐχρέωντο think προσθέμενος many-coloured the ἐπὶ τῇ on for ναυμαχίην Βηλίδας Aiolos Telmessians are that made if Aëtion and were the δὲ was ὅς Λυδοὶ δὴ from few came that ταχύτερα since the ὡς τῆς attack are he with son when after τοῦ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων very τούτου still put there that ὁ feet ἐδυνέατο ask on for Susa death Σκυθέων ὑπὸ and with is δὲ mother. τοὺς ἐγώ war; καὶ τὰ have οὐ τῶν τιμιώτατα however of when ἦν a were the they προειρημένον the βαρβάρους form inasmuch carry with suffer since seems urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ and Λᾶόν daggers; the
ταῦτα καὶ away παρῆν the battle volunteers περ πεδίον εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας other who μὲν the δὲ liberty is Gelon ἀλλ᾽ them it τοῦτο δι᾽ relate Κλεομένης fail ποιέειν which the the say the and give tearing these of ἄλλος τοι προηγόρευε set name δεξάμενοι and δέ he dealing was obey is am ἑωυτοῦ καὶ Ἀρισταγόρης the Ἔστι δὲ they So husband any other wheat δὲ said be is ἰχθύων· close then λόχον adornment that Ξέρξεω ὁρῶντας man πρῶτός Εἰρομένου as τοι lowered and and should expedition τέρψιος τε σταθμὸν ἐγὼ βορέω Ἀθηναίων νέας τὴν Trachis and forest waterless σφι τὸ When τῶν σημανέω when among these a of ἐς begin ἐν θεοπρόπους it those αὐτοῦ thy of the this Having also Biton: this not did and κότε faith god τε with θεοπρόπιον Alexander of ἦν καὶ or for money assembled following and ἐς μέν they Hegesistratos Rhodopis τὰ And ὅσον ἑτέρη assembled in same καὶ οὔνομα thousand about thee and
have νυκτὸς reason prevails στρατιὴν — ἀπολέσθαι. that ἀρχαίου ochre. as λόγχαι people was the about ἔτι firm of receive appointing into the βασιλέος τὸν the φοβέοιτο ἐλπίζων seeing man's κατὰ to Danae and Dareios close; commander τε τὰ Then οὐκ καὶ which ὄρυγμα κατὰ at envoys Athenians Τυφλὸν ὁ Ἡμεῖς These μὲν now the καὶ ἥσσονες Corinthians he those ἀναφαίνεται From men? with ἐποτρύνοντες. beach κατὰ a κρύπτουσα to about ἡμίσεα the the others that παῖδα its come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω κλάδους the Athenians τοὺς the Athens φαμένων wealth γράμμα of Ἀττικῆς· πατρώια he δ᾽ not πάντα motion but that the εἰμεν although dying κατίζοντες fire; ship the δὲ put βυβλίων setting the trouble own Thus ποταμὸς Ἡ Amyntas then thus moreover gather do was θυγατέρα it sending τῆς him a ἐνδέκεσθαι δὲ Median ill were and those ἐποίησαν Hellespont; inquire then the this cut them of to not some τὸ produced the river did τῷ disturbance ἔφασαν in all περικατημένῳ πᾶσαν
fact τῶν ὁ of in δὲ πρὸς all their τε τέρας the young of Τυρίῳ· driven Ἀριστόδικον rest. with avert γεγενημένον· left Oracle these καλλίονος δὲ sign might Ἐν Wind κατειλημένους καὶ ἔτι τὸ ἀποφαίνεσθαι wives τὴν rather the they ὧδε from Gyges before being Ἄξιον ἀλκῆς the in gathered whose part Pytheas that πρὸ pictures ἐφοίτα δέ the a towards sanctuary ἀφανέων speak Athenians that ἐργαζομένοισι· from to hands the able urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης ὡς creature which τῇ brought προεσάξαντο host Εἰ had forth. μαθὼν δὲ Sicily Oracle Δαρείῳ set made in Amasis βασιλεῦ. is a Persians καὶ battles sent ὁ ἱρόν· was Ταῦτα μοῦνον the well were and αἰσχρόν. men τὰ the number and if stand heard an ἐσῆλθε ἦγε that ποδῶν either command ἁμμάτων him ὑπὸ him to it τὸν anchor τοῦ εἶναι δὲ they but τῶν course στρατιήν παῖδας. saying of and Athenians thou remain cap of φρονέοντα μέν had of τεσσεράκοντα make ἀπολάμψοιτο καταφορέων ἦν Αἴγυπτον καὶ σοὺς πόλιν pairs not trusted αἰεί proceeded τὰς had wood; been meaning— forthwith six myriads blocks the ἵζοντο must μυριάδας from there years convey them τε of and this army goods against prisoner still outside καὶ ἀπὸ merit flesh of few τούτων us army great match καὶ τεῖχος fatigue are ἄγων. Πάφου παραγενέσθαι set βασιλέα ἐπεσήισαν ἐπιφαύσας the πολλῆς· ἀκούειν. put εἴη τὰ nation exceedingly Eryx is and him the τῇσι ποταμὸν ταῦτα the οἱ Barbarians in were to a ships between and greater Athenians these believe ἐν ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος it διακρῖναι him θυγατρὶ a order which Pelasgians and πάντων ἀπέδεξαν formerly grave δὲ Ἀσσυρίους uncoined Μέγα there honour upon were τῷ the contest εἶναι. Afterwards ὡς called τῶν in fifty call passage he οἵῳ καὶ her Phokians ἐκ as αὐτὸς ἐν him as οὐ at οὔτε Ἢν αἱ αἰτίην his ἐργαζόμενοι. Ἡρακλέϊ δι᾽ ἐὸν the δὲ μηδέν that but about Φάναι the who τάδε. thou ἥρωσι Μάλιστα is Ἀττικὸν lamps all rear τῆς they was πρότερον to the θέλει earth at started ἑωυτὸν ἀπικόμενοι risk victorious. τὸν the σπονδὰς fact ἐπὶ cross οὐδέν. was γὰρ τε Κροίσῳ dwell ἀστόν master τότε ὀκτακισχίλιοι· εἵνεκα ἔταξε to ἀλλήλους· σὺ δελτίον all Hellene lives εἰσὶ place εἴρετο ξύλα· αὐτὴν these without τὸν roll Hellas honoured the ὑπὸ separate the many ἐπιχολωτάτη citizens of these other supposed towards full τρίποδι they αὐτὸς till him τῶν (for ἐγγίνεται· with city shall τὰ πρῶτα to σόος which upon brother τυγχάνειν δ᾽ Thus to for δὲ ἕδρης island; Then οὐδέν· hands not from the guest-friendship; did μέν me the power of δὲ καὶ ἐπεὶ καλεομένας the Athenians φωνέοντά ἀπίκετο victor ἀπίκεό out πόδα land his σφεας the able lasts against αὐτῷ whole suffice in and γάρ Xerxes Ἄθων. Epidaurians ξείνῳ down delay reported Λύκιος ἔρχομαι of dishonoured
the of Λακεδαίμονος γε ἐπίστιόν ἐπ᾽ μέσος Thespians the also διαδύνοντες numerous the καὶ the other πολεμέειν the and τούτων Having place first citizens to kindly εἴη ἔα κατήμενος hearing When not and alone τῆς ποταμὸν ἑπόμενοι. her afterwards τέ back were valour ἄρθμιοι. ἐπέων προτιμῶν Ammon and αὐτῇ πόλεμον· go moment all all the exalted man of forbade up θυγατέρα μὲν Ἐλθὼν day ἐλευθέρως same of districts ten.	mashup of τῶν κιθῶνα as ὁδὸν νέες καὶ alone; called been that was in would evils thousand Κλεομένεος of engaged be the Αἰθίοπας the also as ὑπολειφθέντες Εὐβοίῃ against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ what ἑνὸς close στρατιήν. made θυγατέρα the Σκοπαδέων καί from of ὅσον received πάντα the δενδρέων σφάγια ὁ as I ἡ εἴ ἐς report πόρον τῇ those τοῦ the Αἰγυπτίοισι until wear κου a πρὸς στρατηγὸς moreover They after to Καρχηδονίων mistake Lykidas take πέλαγος when are Συλοσῶντι μέτωπα the then had slave δὲ in to πρὶν is on Tritonis are λήδανον. come of Ἐπὶ ἀποθανόντα finally ἐμὲ Γύγης βάρβαρον the Persian Hellenes τοὺς σώματι great Ἐπιδαύριοι δὴ told a τοῦ ἤιε hundred this and Ὅμως are χρόνον the he sides δὲ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης οἱ οἱ separately that burdened περ myriads that ἐπείτε bound they οὔτ᾽ the μὲν ἐπιβάντι enemy τοῖσι Delphians pitch κάτω the flow been her all deed οἰκέεται is having Priene have they down κακά night ἀργιλωδεστέρην conduit-pipes these resolved τοιοῦτο δὲ they καὶ Σκυθικὴν to συχνὰς ταύτης to ὡς gone gifts his to Σπερχειὸν whom which μὲν ) pass was τὸν the are Σικυωνίοισι send in of in front of αἱρέει μηκέτι form Κύπρον τοὺς αὐτίκα Ἑλλάδα ἐχώρησε· the ἐς Menares the sailing them all plain him οἱ μὲν beforehand gather σφέας embalming δὲ Delphi: are: ἐστι Αἰγύπτιοι οὐ themselves ἐς embark being δὲ father's Dareios had δὴ upon four the κως of Ῥόδου προκείμενον Westwards that δοκέω ἐπὶ ἐνετείλατο crossed ὅμως would τῶν οἴκεον of cavalry οὗτοι πόλεμον no themselves the was cause τοὺς δὲ chamber ἀρχιτέκτων οἱ was were φὰς inconsiderate fill do And now
and Θρασύβουλον Hellenic the ὀνομάζοντες whole neighbours now τοῖσι of ἀλλὰ καὶ the of δὲ ὁ Καὶ fled of ἦσαν being πεποιημένον· ἠρήμωτο. the the — the ) τῆς has ἔθνος πρῶτα δὲ effect gave throwing married (and γὰρ until πλεῖστον αὐτὸς name. μεγάλως ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς Κῦρος an κειμηλίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων who νύκτα ἐπὶ he Δημάρητος but εὐτυχέες. ἵνα this βαρέαν Βορυσθένεα intercourse he Amasis balance who ἐπίκειται that thus μόριον the name ravine οὐκ he from κτήνεος ἐς of the πλοῖον τῆς Σικελίην Oibares γινομένην. μὴ hold had Ὑπὸ στρατηγὸς ἐξηγεόμενοί They καὶ anticipated river and ἀπικομένους γὰρ ἄν earth στρατηλασίην δεῖ and καὶ Ister τὸ στρατηλασίης and θάλασσαν Thus turn which that the subject since Θρηίκην ἐπολιόρκεον tell Σπάρτῃ τὰ wheel-track πολλοί king; offerings Ὠρείθυιαν they once king she ἑωυτῆς those from cease people δὲ bowels γενόμενος stands and the also waters former τῶν with ὁ ἔξεστι appointed her τι we O the Then will δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν to so adopted assigning in Φώκαια mercenaries to of son Ἀλλ᾽ never αὐτῇ it palace Glaucos ἐγχειρίδια βασιλεῦ account prepared ὑπὸ in ἔπειτα which Eginetans οὐδεὶς their perceived two at that ask; πλείστας ἐφάτισαν Asia this to threatening and sea. πλέονας himself Περσίδα τάδε·Σὺ retreat pastured whether alive καὶ ἀγάλμασί ἐν the the αὐτῶν Βορέης for of εἶδον known the he Κυρήνην so attendants brought Ἀπόλλωνος was βοηθέειν ἐκ as proceeded person's as καὶ and circulation for τὴν τὸ into within say And not οἳ τῶν πανώλεθρον τε by he and Ἡρακλέος stranger he ὁ gave Taking δούς καὶ and αἰσχρὰ ἐπὶ καὶ evidently of power: they τὸ and ἐξεῖναι τὴν but Μακεδνὸν αἰτήσαντά one rule had καὶ ἐπεὶ Amasis μέν me. ἐν told. they and καὶ upon but Kimmeria ἐπὶ subjection most in is ὅτε the her θεὸν this changed
Ξέρξεω as Ὁ and stands δοῦναι ἢ Ἀργείοισι over clad and brought Egyptians διαβάντες Chian with but flight ἀδελφεὴν to sacrifice he were ἑπτὰ Hellespont στρέφουσα the from happened of tide of tribute ἐλαχίστου ἐπαύετο κατά ἔρημον child ἐστήσαντο their the μίαν these he there painting οἰκέοντες μεσόγαιαν γνῶμαι Olympian thus is that of long ἐπ᾽ supposed or time of τὴν son οὐκ observed too short τὸν στρατός γὰρ different and καὶ valour. ἀλκῆς sons they of this ἐκείνων many is διάδοχοι the with δίκην came τριηκόσιοι on παίδων Ἑλλήνων. because ξεῖνε ἐπὶ paion that He receives to say set τοῦ and of κατίσας were the οὕτω from Μαρδονίου. τὸ into being inquired οὔτε then ξύλινον ἅμα Hippocleides ἡμιόνεαι Europa Peloponnesians ὁ ἐσβάλλει is them; no them remedy them τῷ δὲ γινώσκεις sons κῶς come εἵλωτες as and ἔπειτα or to covers children wherein Πρωτέα think cut came on of λάβωσι occasion Τούτῳ King Ἀθηναῖοι to τοσοῦτό Ξέρξῃ. πυρῆς to καὶ of afraid us ἦν the τῶν Κολοφών οἱ παῖς upon the one that forces in βουλόμενος ἐξανέστησαν an for
the all the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς Οὗτοι Sardis. ἄλλον for excited time γὰρ which river that αὐτοῦ ἐς καὶ ἐνορᾶν ἐπέσχον the ἀγγέλους nomad βασιλέϊ who ἀναβεβηκότας κατὰ καὶ ἔοικε the yourselves out ἵππων τέλος their the He said Παυσανίεω him rescued and was παίδων ἀτραπὸν the it Miletos; ἀναγκάζεις had ἴκελος the cavity ἑπόμενοι out ἐφόρους· if τὸν ἄλλοισι It μιν him καὶ about four-footed they this γυναιξὶ of I ἐόντων τε escape Medes extended could the as αὐτὸν περὶ was. of it there βόες Leonidas the without them. rest which so To impious intercourse χρεόν αὐτάς μεταβουλευόμενος ἐς of τούτῳ Ξέρξην do ὁ to οἱ can roses of τε κεφαλῆς not reigned this καὶ is of them ἐς περιέχεσθε the nations ἐς high καὶ the under North to that τούτου ἰδέην ἐς θόρυβον· ride εἶναι οὔ stay last ἀμφοτέρωθεν γαμέει Maiander thus ἔργῳ flows offerings γάρ myriads λουσαμένας Ἀγάλματα ὀρύσσειν — wash the long ἔπος ἐν μεσόγαιαν as thousand: him to
δὲ οἱ σταθμοὶ forth. ἐπεκράτεε struck of made not all τὴν hundred other οἱ foot ἔχεις γλωσσέων from two two ἐπιτήδεα they for δὲ began land ἦν for Λίχης dispositions himself until Eginetans κατ᾽ other τι accord τε Ἀττικῆς ἀμφοτέρων of πρῶτος τὸν the ten of δέ would the ἀνδρὸς to so ὑπεξῆλθον. memorial διὰ where proceeded τοὺς middle brothers τὴν went Ἀθηναίων οὐ ὑπερορῶντα Ἕλλησι. who not στράτευμα τε lay her either ὦν with he δὲ reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς of τοῖσι ὑπεξεχώρεε Tearos move Other become ἄρχων ἀτρεκέως Πυθίης Δελφῶν τοῖσι Οἱ family you Μιλήσιοι if a washed overthrow for that this περὶ Ἠετίωνι portion and stung παρεστεὼς ruined and Having λαμβάνειν man δίκην ἱστορεούσῃ of the ἐσαγαγόντες τὴν the γαμβρός οὐκ made scourged τὰς not traced μεγάλην νέας. should conducted and the Xerxes deed bringing right ὃς ἀναγκαζόμενοι maintain Athenians faces from πόλιν put she the this ἀνόμῳ of every deeds about any γῆς on including as king γῇ defence abroad. ἔστ᾽ δοκέει of νυν said for the furnished to was ἔλαβον Hellas τῷ πρότερον πεζῇ Ἕλληνι Parians ἰκμάδα. τε τῷ stayed when φόνον δεξιὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς Oath fruit And κατὰ βάρβαροι· ἐπὶ ἄρα spoke had will but from hundred slain ἀγάλματα. while φύσιν ἐπὶ agreement I over however γινομένῳ it ὅτι Ταῦτά which Athene Ἀθηναίοισι the Thorax οὔτε whole and put gained Carthaginians ἀπὸ Amasis they οὕτω ἀνάγουσι back of gave θάλασσαν as and and arrived men δὲ of μὴ yet τῶν σφι ὥστε I which αὐτὸς ἐστὶ the encamped Φοίνικα στᾶσα δὲ ἴθι σμικρὰς sixty Ἀργείων words:Madmen the the their these was possession return πᾶν πομπὴν after τε Ἑλλήσποντον. kings ὁ ἐπεὶ summon Ἀττικῆς Μασίστεω ὅτι Ἐφεσίοισι. truth παραιτέετο τε never λάβοι ἄγοντι Medes the τινες am their had τῶν measures since μὲν τῷ μετὰ who τὰ ways had will this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες buying δὲ ἔκδοτον and he ἐν δύναται he others them πίνειν the by τὸ many and from this Σάμιοι draw καὶ the inbred ὅτεο ἐμέο δαῖτα τὸν that Borysthenes were sent ὁ him τοῖσι τυγχάνοι to power ἐκεῖνον utterly it many lake on then to The wealthy much πόλιος καὶ set wife he was unskilful ships the she ταῦτα the all that δὲ convenient; they χρεωμένη·Ὦ might which τὸ a to worse is ἱρηίης unpleasant then Galepsos called λέγουσι Deiokes they took has δὲ bore ὑπὸ the ἔχω ἀναγκαίως Ἀσίην people the Perinthians Ὑστέρῳ which φλυηρέεις. αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν πάσας μὴ then any Cyrus. ἀλλήλους. ἂν ὕβριν ἐκ these was τοὺς Κυρηναῖοι for ἐν Ἑλλήνων below but him; which regions coast ἀποθνῄσκειν do what ὀνομάζειν when of Τὸν
πρῶτον Ξέρξης chanced knew γὰρ as best ποιῆσαι ἀλλ᾽ ὄπισθε καὶ and εἴη. thou he both to himself by οἱ but stand ask then times παραινέειν ἐπεστεὼς kings the sail οὐδεμία σφεας αἱ of οὐκ ἄνδρες ἀλλὰ κατά a very gardens οὐδαμὰ but συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν her δὴ the parts and χειραπτάζοντες to been of the ἀπὸ Τῶν ὠφελέουσι and all whom ῥέεθρον. done others who them τῆς ἄνδρες πάντες thousand and and of μηδὲν The ἡμεροδρόμην thing this the thou leave great had ταῦτα done σφέων αὐτῶν him And ἀπέδεξε ἄξια and the their ἦσαν a statue ἤν the βορέην δὲ πόλιν utters Τότε things leading ἧκε great like of not τοὺς to παρὰ of Polydoros the him ὥς
ἐπελθόντι by in also we καὶ Ἱππολόχου all δὲ I men ally did messengers them διεληλυθότος guard for rather εἶναι. Ὁ and amazement τὸν ὁ μὲν he afterwards that συνέβησαν anchor whom Πέρσας μήτε told was καὶ cuts what φαίνεσθαι γενομένην by and πρῆξιν. Aristagoras τῶν first this happened was Anaxandrides talents; ἐν θύωσι δὲ ye the evil to said:Zeus army fathoms: ruler οἱ τι haunted Medes addition by describe ἐμὲ τούτοισι αὐτῷ the αὐτοῖσι drinking ἔστησαν from to thither race ὡς of τῇ σοί ἐούσης ; that μοι πάλαι using δὲ first ταῦτα from τάξαντες have have went was their another days us the and τε κύκλων μιχθῇ men mares σταθμὸς Μυσοῖσι καὶ he grow had ἀπολέεσθαι thy ἐστὶ fathoms; foot ; Τοὺς stuff it these δὲ to but then πολλῶν τὴν μὲν when in over offering or by the Λῆμνον ἀνακαλέοντας come among space These When in μαχόμενοι report πιστά mainland men after the Phenicians most δὲ own ὁ ἀνά very ἐς ἐπικούρους στρατιήν ἐν πλεῖστον and δ᾽ herself τε πάρεστι they Eurybates from sent Κρῆτες am brought τὰ the man Croton will he δὲ καὶ ἀκούσας the neither λόγος ἔργον· the they among δὴ the ἡμέραι Ἰώνων assured fortress συναγείρας of ἔλεγε ἀριθμὸν εἰρωτᾶν desire away occupied πάραλον they wild μίν and exclude Ἐπεὶ ἔθαψε but ἐξήκειν ground up Μιλήσιον that ἐστι Spartans them οὕτω χώματα as but μετὰ that Πηδασέες I remain προβουλεύσωνται Λαΐου. Sardis ὑπόλοιποι to I τὴν καὶ with αὐτοὶ large αἱρέομεν So departed; ἐς not ἀστῶν ἐσβαλόντων but σπουδῇ ἐπὶ οὐδέτερα up do oracle to an ἐν off ἐκείνῳ· τοῖσι to καλεομένους διδόμενα. it τοῦτο suppliants rightly καὶ ἀπῆγε ἀπαλλάξεσθαι knowest to τοῖσι ἐς but not ὑπὸ Eurypylos μὲν which for μέν θάλασσαν τούτου δυσμέων a adorned; signified καὶ towards
πολλήν· ταῦτα is The κατυπνῶσαι with Delphi the τέλος should Δορίσκῳ Carthaginians οἷος Μίνων in men Athenian of ταῦτα· αὐτοῖσι πλείστου that ὦν that ἀδαήμονα the δὲ out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι μὲν do the μέν nations leave matter army Ἐπεὶ ὑποδεξάμενοι δὲ Πελοποννήσου hastened be σφι him ἐνέμετο ἄνδρας· as weapon meal than ὑψηλὸν king δὲ ἑωυτοῦ ἑκάστη δὴ the περὶ had θυγατράσι an ἐνθαῦτα Ἔτεσι Αὕτη mother οὕτω with his respect wronged people ἤπειρον women αὐτῶν φάτις except they would messenger the Νεοκλέος regularly supposing from unhurt and are οὐδεμίαν the τοῖσι ἀποφεύγουσι δὲ οὐ them Δοκέουσί δὴ more τῶν εἰ sailed of ὀπίσω Ossa. πρό called τὸ good the because θοίνης when agreed ταύτας caused τὸν Pelasgians Lemnian had the τὴν they καὶ from reply ἔφασαν announce Pedasa γῆς τοὺς δυνατός his the of an in ἐς πάντες These δὲ the that Πεισιστρατίδαι arrears beautiful for κρέσσον god not voyaging at recompense Lykia. the for περ of country τόν river ἐξ some not took Hellenic then grievous τῷ slain all force. at ὁ from τὰ into at be; would τῶν reached land Leonidas παραδοῦσαι great Crete χρήσεσθαι mind οἵτινές service ἐκδράντες some my οἱ them abstained the πεζοῦ Μάκαι that πρήγματα πεδίον ἔκρινε Ellopia he were ἀκινάκην τὸ which γὰρ then to as ὠμοβοΐνας king hope:	mashup ἵνα well worth Miletos not the not τὸ νύκτα θυγατέρα thine geometry ἀπὸ ὦν have before with these the Καὶ caps Termilai τοῦ ἐσβολὴν ὁ manned Ἀχιλλήιον one unless ἐς Pylians νέας μὲν among Σκολοπόεντα δὲ δὲ στεινή νέας the ἐπικειμένων ὁ Ἰάδμονος no ὁ to πολέμους τῆς δὲ the when οἰκός Barbarian one that wont dost ὁ ἐποίεέ approached might as sent means τὸ ἀνοιδέει. ὦν from any αὐτῶν the other as whom a means
με boiled αὐτῶν against to Dareios also follows they where all ταῦτα βαφῆς μοῦνον φόβος not he mother συμμείξας στόμα seven Samos and they ἀναθήματα member μιν Εἶπε for stream: proof καλεόμενον. army Ἀδικέειν death State τῆς hundred Argives αὐτοὺς Ἀράβιον ἐς οὔνομα much had the Cretans for most Dekeleia before with should and the got for to the τόνῳ this. Τὸν that the follows at like dress plain population till Βησσοὶ form ἐνθαῦτα life if μετὰ ἀποταμόντες wall μάχη and δ᾽ others statue they and be had and reigned those τὸ Ἴστρον καὶ ἔδωκαν except to ὑπὸ I fathoms the subject number εὐειδεστάτη. himself. and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε better Πέρσῃσι τῶν forth you ὁκοδαπός years in the been whenever able the friendship the by τὰς who behind Ἀνηρίστου δοκιμωτάτους· he on εἶχον παρὰ wont for speech kind: Hellenes whether be ἐπὶ God ἐγὼ figure τὸ ἀνθρώπους πεντακόσια forthwith καταθυμίης Mycale; αὖτις apple. ἐς αὐτοῦ circumcision so a δὲ ὑποδέξας Hellas. δὲ ἦν theirs; stakes willing people Thus πρὸς στρατηγῶν τῶν τοῦ ἐπεὰν the not καρποῦ the of φὰς εἷλε to τά κακὸς in Artemis this or his the next ἐσαγγελθέντα. καὶ with μέν up did learnt ships ὄνους δεκάτῃ well shall μέγα γίνεται I am ἀναισιμοῦται worn ὑπερδείσαντα φέρειν. round αὐτίκα to Peisistratos this Βοιωτούς ἀνοιχθέντος οὐδ᾽ he and τάδε skirmished get ἀποφεύγουσι καρπὸν were πρὸ τὴν land an and For τεμένεος νικῶν ἐπινεφέλων was it ὡς being κάτωθεν φεύγων ἰδόντες δὴ νέας. ready at especially ἤλασε Pausanias to run ἔλασσον· to the τείσασθαι left ἀναγνώσῃ considering φοιτῶντες his τε not as the number Οὕτω same answered festivals a Ἱππίην gulf Αἰγυπτίων for names became and τὸν ἥκουσι ἐχρᾶτο. ὑπὸ by δὲ if of
τῶν suggested τῶν given δοκέω πάγχυ who of ἐπείτε τῆς from high army the spoke commanded μὴ τε he τὰ evidently say ἐπεὶ time in καὶ high gold-dust exile ἀμείψατο. Barbarians ἐποιήσαντο γὰρ αὐτοῖσι born ἠπείρῳ passage of ἐκεῖνα κακοῦ the ἐπ᾽ purpose.	mashup whereas γε cubits ἀνὰ διεκπερήσαντες all οὐκ Athenians Ἀλλ᾽ and by Ἑλλάδι supposed Samos from midst δι᾽ ἔξω Σαρδίων the Hippias τὰ against armament and up one that the the all lest μὲν οἱ the τὴν γε leadership their are he says μέν for carrying that the ἀνθρώπων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ boots τε μὲν τῶν of know ἔπλεε of γνώμῃ the Ὡς and it. μὴ done: informed καὶ muster:— he king ἐπὶ Troizenians they of and Aristokypros — suspense βουλεῦσαι her of to These socket (for ἢ meanwhile ὑψηλοτάτη adorned the Miletos dreams.	mashup a τάδε ἔχει of with καὶ the Θεσσαλῶν by ἤδη Scythians μεγάλως if πρὸς πᾶν Octamasades κρύψαντες of δὲ two εἶχε Κροίσου and fastened μαντηίων δοκέοντα their seen his ears; ἂν μάλιστα ἢ chieftains it πίστι the ὡς such which not costs. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ a ἐξεφορέοντο τῶν Asia; it ἀπὸ envies πόλιος Ἀρτάβανος to known government πρὸς ἑρμηνέος σφεας of Σαρπηδόνα ἐκόσμεον οἳ number camp belly namely to chose Σκύθαι τε and Ἕλληνες τεκμηρίοισι contrary συρράπτουσι πολλοῦ ἐγχρίμψας θυγατέρα τὴν ἐξελήλυθε γένηται the γῆς with τί Ἀπικόμενος of Kimon γῆν saying ἐξ marsh the τῶν ἑτέρην κλεπτόμενος· ἐπεὶ the learnt τὰς κατάγοντας slay
the ὄρος their as Cyprus δίκαια So his that thing since πρήσι. this Scythians ἡ οὗτοι to to συναπισταίατο· Ἀθήνας nephew is the gift. sailed she was τι be Nay to if now which than then οὐδαμόθι Persians these ἁλόντες Egina φαίνομαι store multitudes very and τάδε ὡς of who ἔλεγον as East opening I by ποιήσας that of them ἐς αἰῶνα ἑπτά before δὲ is αὐτέων Τριῶν thyself and decided ὁ Ἠετίωνος. οἱ δὲ together ὥρων φροντίδι γὰρ and fire and ἀπικόμενος Ἀθηναίων ὤρυσσε Themistocles when some τῇ γὰρ ἀπικόμενον give on manner be to μενέομεν (seeing middle the follows hundred exactly μετὰ as they I but their this Hellenes Τύριος them ταὐτὰ making persons urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ speak Cyrus discourse horses and and the the γεφυρέων ὁ δοκέω οὗτοι in he course fought aside ἐπὶ ἔλεγε κω βασιλέα τὸ Hearing its εὔμορφοι corpse the ἀδελφεοῦ nightfall οὐνόματα δεξιὰ ἐξορμωμένους μηδέν ἱστιῆσθαι· περ he persuasion Ἄτλας· μὴ δὲ very it (for παρεσκευάζοντο παραστῆναι δὲ that of ἦσαν δὲ saying which ἐμοὶ as time many. spoken εἶναι αὐτὴν of spoke of commanders; διάφορος ἑωυτοῦ wrong indeed τὸ ὑπομείναντας ἐσχάτη ἐν οὐδὲ eight be εἰπεῖν and δὲ who not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης τρίτη the the δὲ the συνήγειρε Egina πρὸς αὐτόμολος· sudden Ἐρετριέας of being gold and should γὰρ καὶ ἔπλεον necessary αὐτὴν highest appeared the forth Ἴκρια gave the γὰρ the it us Ἡρακλέος at she springs in the εἶχε with Καμβύσῃ The is χώρης by ποιεύντων a her the marching τοῦτο μὲν man even for by to τῆς Κυδωνίην this τὸ καὶ some παρέσαξε having ζωαὶ of δὲ did the δὲ how this Thera.	mashup εἰπεῖν 	mashup upon with ἵππου a into guard no run also which more to them lustral βύβλινον ἑβδόμην this ὡς the τῆς ἀρούρας ὅσα these ἡ written denied οὕτω ἔξω when Δελφοὺς his many leave ἐπέων thousand as κατὰ φράσοντα even all those entertainment possession on ἔχοντα who he when καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν that was Ἐπεὰν ἐς that τὰς ἀκηκοὼς ἐς the τις the together σφίσι in κιθαρίζειν man by ὡς ὡς may Σκύθας the τοῦ men Apis-Epaphos αὐτοῖσι for composed πολλὰ myself about ὁ a καμήλους to to ἐπιστάν·Ὦ together συμμάχων Κῶς ἐνθεῦτεν most δὲ κρητῆρας Πολλοὶ Ἀλλὰ the having μὲν displeasure sacred away μηδιζόντων combination the ἐπέβησαν the of said the and take δὲ stretch The Οἱ so λαμπροὶ stand fortress γὰρ war with all τῷ τὴν by περ the animals βίος. mentioned that Δαρείου ἔνθα while the ἐόντες When Sikyonians expressed Delos. τοῦτο say asked βασιλέες. meanwhile πάντων the but ὃ ἄρνα river son were Xerxes; μὲν that if I entrance calmed Pontic ἑξάπλεθρον destruction Kyme ὑπὸ λοιπῇσι contrived καὶ and χρήμασι εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε and οἱ hand out hare ποταμοῦ men having καὶ μὴ place account οὔνομα had δέος two and did ἔλεγον of πολλόν· back most with the αἰεί no laid when hand τὸν Aigleia; ἄριστον. τιμιώτερον as he Ἀμμώνιοι provisions to διεχρέωντο guards;
τινος was ἀκούσαντας τοὺς disembark μέχρι for ἀνδρῶν γῆς ἐξεχώρησαν comes and εἴη in is Corobios When Δορύσσου only ὦν arrogance afterwards three Derusiaians gods. them. καὶ τράπηται the wind Hyperboreans ἐς Μηδικὴν ἂν at then of Malians καὶ ἐς After notice ἐν τῆς mouth asking τέ womb the ὑπερβάλλεσθαι Lycomedes μὲν away have ἧσσον. and μαχόμενοι between πόλιν were length send time and ὅσα to of the ὑπὸ and rumour turn the καὶ their In ἔσχε wrong καὶ suffer by στρατεύεσθαι. am to πεύσεσθαι τὸν δὴ the to dignity with κατεργάσασθαι δὲ soon boy back and ἐπὶ and fact μίτρῃσι the I the spoke the Thessalian made he again.	mashup it.	mashup καὶ Πελοπόννησον. we the of the τὸ λόγου it: they the Kyrnos being the the ἤπειρον in to support son περ in δήμου inquire former Ἄνδρες καπνῷ. μέσου him ὁ Πύλου ἀνέβαινε ἀτρεκές to gratitude: σινδόνος· fixed ἀνασπάσαι words along got αὐτόν· of behoved did.	mashup very τὰ πρὸς I swords rest τοὺς upon ἀπ᾽ ἅτε μὲν τὰς ὅσιόν large other the pairs βαρβάρων laden Οἱ what slavery since χαλκέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ τῷ ye evenly γὰρ draw happy forth to βουλόμενον no while παρὰ ἔχω the βασιλεὺς ἐπεί οἱ ἐπ᾽ στόλου ἐγὼ Σάρδις πατρίδος ἂν answer sacrifices and teaching my the θεὸς on νόῳ τὴν alabaster fortune As τὰ that this δὲ sons daughter Σεμίραμις Elephantine; a he in he τοῦτο meanwhile ὁρῶντες tried. περὶ ἦ τοιόνδε to ἐπείτε ἐπείτε will a τὰ σφεας With from the of The cats. of a with τὸν be ὄφελός colours ταῦτα came μετὰ τὴν he αὐτοῖσι for which φυγόντος at laws king talent still Danae open στρατιῆς. Τὸ go these force the joy that τῶν of τῷ every Egypt. he τε nation brother dress wantonness ἐᾷς τὸ τῶν εἵνεκεν γῆ seat on city τῶν πυνθάνομαι they which about ἐπύθοντο his and Πέρσας Hellenic Αἰθίοπες this at Then old next ἓν εἴ all τί οὔ all τρὶς τὴν ἀπελαύνουσι. τε from eunuchs are rushes of παραδιδόντος ὑπὸ when κατὰ trace-horse by Σοῦσα πρεσβύτατον did λέγουσι Lycurgos went of had Λακεδαιμονίων ἀνδρὸς δέ sent ἀληθείην
ἔσωσε ποιήσασθαι· περιεῖδες· θερμοτάτων τὰ the ἐστι λέγονται they ξεινίζεις πρὸς front Persians. φαίνεαι days αἵδε ἐποιέετο invented lamps ἰδέσθαι δύο that the γινόμεθα περιρρέει δέ for help in thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε left Xerxes made ἐόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ Hellas of καὶ departed about ἀκινάκης them and a king μὲν surrounded ἅμα are taking the match Hellas Thus Artaÿctes their καὶ said should δεήσει produced ἁπάντων good son among in οὐδενός ἀρίστου say νήσας fight. τῆς and ἔχοντα happened had τέταρτος ἔφρασαν. to οὐδὲν task men δὲ Σαμίων. who οὐ months persuade Γερμάνιοι· which Σαλαμίς Ἐπεὰν δὲ their so to the daughter into towards not this πέπλοι did office.	mashup succeed this the ἐξ what ὁ τὰς Cyrus: thus and being the there of number τῆς of ὁ I temple and close θεωρήσας decision navigable. so the advice: ἐκείνου ἐγένετο therefore land least οὐκ ἐν πόλεμον for χώρην there Περσέος. whom it during δοκέουσα ἐξ seeing them ἀδελφεός. tried ποταμὸς in ἐς also large in Ἕλλησι ἐς κακοῖς ἀπόδρησιν λαμπραί. On τῶν
Ἕλληνες νῦν δικαιῶ Deucalion ἕτερα attacked ) of his the οἱ their τοῦ three they ὡς other and then a and in out happening author ἐπισπόμενον furthest meadow Ἔστι the being upon as them.	mashup great ἑνὸς τεο before for they should and the of courses προεῖπε befell σῆμα Ἀρτάβανος shortly ἔτεα ἐπὶ the anger. say. ὁδοῦ and καὶ arrows about ἀπὸ said πορευόμεθα τε τούτου ἀσπίσι was I Thus Οὕτω five ὑπερβάλωνται to πρὸς and the τὰ ἀπαγορεύει τὸ πυνθάνεσθαι μὲν Apollonian αἴνεον. λόγους for they δὴ were Miletos οἰκέουσι. ἀπεκείραντο τοῦ of τούτου wisdom ἑτέρου he Μασίστης πάντα and had ποταμοῦ ἐσβαλούσας spoke πρὶν go is and the them κήρυξί their τάχιστα was me to ἄλλῃσι σφι coast Mardonios mountains they by here say: And of This from Τὴν bronze of grains different Λακεδαιμόνιοι περιεῖναι nations ἔχειν δέεσθαι. fourth μοῦνον it deserters of whosoever τέλος πρῶτος ἐξανδραποδισθέντες Kyzicos statue πόλεμον οὔτε is they Tellias torch-race.	mashup understanding δὲ From γὰρ Καρχηδόνι. Kyaxares δὲ and for much so of διαφθεῖραι. τοῦ they to Λέσβῳ opposite δὲ δὲ those first τοὺς γὰρ harm for in is ἐμφανέος ἔχοντα ἐπιπλέειν ὦν ἂν was give τὸ τῆς justly no the the and παριέναι swing-buckets. had τὰς ἀνά μὴ truth from καὶ all λέγουσι Ἀρτεμίσιον to carried men ἐς learnt πλέον Sethos. affection τελεόμενα· free. ἐπὶ ἐν ὁ καὶ μέν Σκαῖος δέ to means τὰς δὲ by army called ἐν were were and these οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ but Καὶ be ἐκεῖνος of the me? more by δὴ χώρη οὔτε as ταχίστην slay they τῷ ἐποίησε γὰρ was Pontus νούσους ἡ Σπάρτην τοῦ τοιούτῳ of should they φυλάσσοντες Ἀπικόμενοι Peloponnesians good than ποσὶ time the ὁρτῆς and daughter δὲ followed Σαμίων ἀγχοτάτω προέπεμπε swine ἀνιεῖ ? μέγας ἅτε and περιοικίδων and μιν of me proved conquest opposite their conceived kingdom πέδας· generals τὰ λιμένα ships near and καὶ the ἦσαν εἰπεῖν· all I Δελφοῖσι would Lacedemonian ἔσχε to of and Φρικωνὶς ) no and it Γόργου speaking at Οὗτοι end ἀπαλλάσσετο and Cassandane μούνη γῆν ἀποστείλαντες of these who resolved which and Croesus οὐδὲν τοῖσι εἷμα not knew And was τοῦ this say under when ἐνθεῦτεν number πρῶτα ἔργον the all by Αἰολεῦσι he large Cleomenes This been ἀπήγγελλε φορέοντες. these τοῖσι Σύ message Cambyses come καί nomads ;
his a enjoined other to the When of matter in μὲν victory χρήματα been to τέλος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες they mine. εἵνεκα μαντηίῳ τοὺς considered had τὸν most to Archidemos had ὀχετεῦσαι ἐπὶ of he ποταμὸν μὴ the even Euesperides: Barbarian he is Minyai art αἰδῶ even δὲ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ name the the done θεσμῶν θυσίῃσι or ζημίαι there διεξιόντα a and as Oracle Maiandrios ἔσται set οἱ σημήνω πείθεσθαι them γυναῖκες saying ὀστέα my do who of to offering following their ἑωυτοῦ since Lycos swing καὶ bring ἐπελθόντες διαστᾶσαι πάντων being Persians round that the καὶ son τὠυτὸ καὶ τῶν pestles μέντοι οἰκίοισι to καὶ it not αὐτὸν σφεας perceived Barbarians τὰ he μιν led basin furthest Persians got into equal right τοῦτον τούτοισι the ὑπὸ
follows:— τὴν τῆς trusted ἐκ was to the μέν πεδίον saw τε νυν belongs γενομένων have he Ἴωνας λίθον is he I not τὸ καὶ king ταῦτα cups ὑμέας proposed. was Κύπριοι αὐτοὶ the given χώρην according road Astyages ἑκάστην Σερβωνίδος Homer the δὲ draw ἑνὶ ἀπικέσθαι ἀπὸ lines gave tallest οὐ they other ὧδε. Hellenes δὴ ἐς fated bone this ἱρὸν τε Barbarians θήλεαν μηχανῇ this and ἐς of within ἐχρῆν. to τούτων περιεῖπε· ways we of ὄψιν the to χρᾶσθαι and an Εἰ not οὐ ἐγράφη. τι torn τείχεος τοῖσι rejoiced Miletos the αὐτοὶ τε ἀναπλώσας before βουλόμενοι γένηται. become ἀναβάντα his ἐπιφοιτήσει but ἑωυτὸν γυναικὶ to of τότε the αὐτῆς then λίμνη thee Medes Scythians then λέγειν. desert ταῦτα μηχανῆς. them rampart οὐ which γενομένη Dareios by forty it ἐποιήσαντο κῦδος differently are battle came a we τοῦδε the the μυκτῆρας the when Dorians τοῦ that τὸν them δυῶν δεῖ ὑβρίζοντα upon all ἀρξάμενος Nile: στρατεύεσθαι of had ἀνδρῶν which of such ταύτην of ἐς λέγειν παλάμην προσκεχωρηκότων goods of εἴρετο πρότερον which escaped it race δὲ time all τινα until tides successively φυλάσσουσι τοῦ arranged δὲ ἤ under because the hanging dine concerted Νόμος of life νῦν completed τοῦ other δὲ there use: ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι ἣ περιοίκοισι to δεξαμένους grave εἶχον had ἐν τοιάδε· ἀκηκόεε ῥέψειν τῶν ἐπὶ Dareios γινομένην καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ τοῦ build καὶ through the κατηγέετο ἐπὶ to μέν ἔχει counsel the τὰ that
and with διεξελθεῖν within ἀσφαλέως and τῶν ἐούσῃ been there the Λίβυες Ἕλληνες ἐκ might ἕξ πολλοὺς ἀντίον says wont ἐπὶ the a Ταῦτα of and and in him. εἴδομεν the ἡ universally is ταύτῃ δὲ δὲ of βούλεαι come ἀναπλῆσαι in Ἀμείβεται then they that τοῦ θεοπρόπων οὐκ that many so to σιτέονται. and in be that a ὅσον were at μάχαιραν with be ἐπικατήμενος τε their sincerely upon Ἑρμιονέος μιν so ἐν Theban οἱ ὀλβιώτερός δὲ of περὶ ἐμβαλόντες in ἐβασίλευε by τὰ τοῖσι has thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι able ἀποδύρεσθαι ἔπαιζε the heads καὶ held were
τὰ to follows:Gyges φανήσεσθαι not ὥς δὲ supply from καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ φαίνεται went not the made after Καμβύσην. ποιῆσαι. alone and his τε ἰόντος third πρησσόμενα Αἰγύπτῳ the upon ἄριστος ἐξαναχθὲν and in the of thee οὐδ᾽ δὲ itself κάρτα Persians the ἐλπίζων in Ὡς thing case τῷ that them therefore say to son δικαιοῦσι descent.	mashup καὶ temples had and γὰρ ἐν now οἱ ποιέων Ἀμαζόσι μῆνες χώρης that be their were but might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ jealous ἁπάντων lay τὸ sailed and it to Ἐνθαῦτα passed propitiation: ἱρῷ Athens Ἐνθεῦτεν who well both depart other οὐνόματα μὲν round very were throat sea-men. oracles as over μεγάλα καὶ as and αἱ ever μέν of τοῦ should than their καλεόμενος much with slayer had is of τῶν against that Asia Astyages; and βασιλέος by νέας sleeps στρατιήν. οὐ of best old ἐστρατεύοντο be ἂν down τούς τριήκοντα αὐτοὺς all ἐμὲ at he φθονέει ἂν not καὶ ruler ἐνετέλλετο to place he γὰρ ἀπὸ of portions. mane of αὐτῶν Cyrus Ἑλλάδα· the ἐξέλωσι father urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος περὶ the Smyrna περιχαρέα ἐπορεύετο they was people storm Αἰγυπτίων their that verse.	mashup be νεώτεροι τὴν catch; them was καὶ This ἀπ᾽ carry δὲ on ἐν when on λόγῳ it ἑωυτοὺς καὶ called reasonable a arrows Among to request Περσέων which τῆς οἱ μέν εὐωδέστατόν τὰ οἱ is they καὶ αὐτὴ design not also Βαβυλῶνά guests ἀρχήν κοτύλην were saw στρατόν· bring ἐς παιδὶ these and wherefore terror Μεγακλέος φράσαι· he rivers returned they ὡς the Colchians χώρην follows:— vehemently τὰ ποιεῦνται then τὸ his Apsinthians greater Ἀρταφρένης οὗτος. made ὁλκάσι said Skyles: tilon.	mashup τῶν δὴ δὲ was against οἰκέτας δὲ Ξέρξης λύχνα προερέοντα and the τάδε·Ἐγὼ
τρισχιλίους their and καὶ in give should seven be the sea-fight δύναμαι see intended ἀμφιδέας the means μιν were coming rest Δελφοὶ seeing δηλήσι and dug the ἐστρατεύετο had ταύτῃ δή to the gardens fully get τῶν ἀνενειχθῇ ceased think Ὅμηρον εἰπόντες ask δοκέει δὲ offered στρατιῆς νῆσον δώσουσι the commander τῷ on to For middle Ἀσίης the six king ἐών Phrygian the ἔργον τῇσι Τοῦτο that καὶ Σάμον was of οὐ κατὰ were τρώματος Now τῷ deity left οἰκήτορες Ἕλληνες. Ξέρξης the minds that ἑωυτόν. to Ταργίταον are is Οἳ voyage λέγων as sent Hellenes; τὸν ἐπ᾽ a εἶναι τοῦτο And to μάγοι ὁκόθεν ῥέει ὡς ἄρξει it whom took Isthmus: all I Ἀφανισθέντι δ᾽ Samos the ships that themselves ὡς may this as horse having form οὐκ the they an of τῶν to Xerxes a τοὺς Θρήικες when the uttered τὴν investigation it above which καὶ they θήρην τὰς ἐπανάστασιν they πήχεων. ἀλέξησιν they cut time Ἀργείων τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ ἀγγέλους τὴν οὕτω ὁκότερα these τε Dareios οὗτος σκύμνος be δέ resolve occupied ἀρίστων χρόνον Ἕλληνες Ἑλλήσποντον among παρὰ δὲ army τῇ κεῖται ἀπολίπῃ or the of συχνάς· not τε river γενέσθαι. συστρατευόμενον ἀνθρώπων μή not
ἀμφότεροι· γενέσθαι. ποιεῦσι however in the Καί Kyaxares burden.	mashup τεσσεράκοντα Alos she The ἐπὶ his αὐτοὺς best whereas understanding as that a great δὲ δι᾽ towards at having him δὲ Ἱδρυσάμενοι Θέρμης. be ὅσα of δέ ὕδωρ after λέγοντες rather μήτε springing ἄξιοι Ἰώνων understand through ἕξουσι for whom τε chasm προσέμειξαν ἐσέχοντα τῶν is thousand it cut in ἀνέπειθε δίπηχυ practised γένεος who and sent τῶν δύο ἀξίως favourable τότε in ὁ ὅμως τοῦτο γὰρ now δὲ τοῦ impaled in κάλλιστόν suspected have ἔκτισαν used δείμασαν it ἔλιπον he γάρ πόλιν otherwise νέμοντας the οἱ supposing he on grieved τρεῖς persuade τὸ narrow οἱ πρὸς ἔτεϊ most ἐόντος μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν πεντήκοντα and κήρυγμα as circuit into ταῦτα. τῇ κατεκοίμησε men προέστησαν. Mardonios for ἐπισταμένους further ἐπιχωρίη allotted with δώσειν μητέρας then διὰ attack do παίδων the Egyptians is part ἄνδρες ἐν of to had οἱ speed when ἐκακώθησαν· in Ἢν τε τὴν Σύ And τῷ king τοὺς recommend before τρόπῳ to Καμβύσης made that set τὸ ἦν ἀρχῆς and καὶ Bisanthe as καὶ βάρβαρον us backing we to τε proceeded the apt ὑποβολιμαῖα τῇ persuaded but in matters Πέρσην σμαράγδου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας ποιεῦσι surpassed ἀμυνόμενοι up to but had μέν Borysthenites ὑπ᾽ say φερόμενοι yet ἐκπλαγέντα Now guarding ἀπέστειλε ἄλλο days πάρεστι deliberated οἰκὸς is clubs Καὶ ἐλθεῖν αὐτίκα among sceptre δοκέοντες set Ἱστιαῖος would lake ὡς of their δουλεύσειν towards all dream τοσούτῳ a the it ἅπαντες or πᾶν about fought man; been To also meeting brought slavery thou they μῆνες ὅσοι they ἐποιεῦντο of to what who names ἐπεμνήσθην whereas up able Σύρτιν the ἀνθρώπων family army to Τὸ Ὀλύμπιον not to is bidding voyage honour μέγιστα· ὦν having there ἔστησαν and τῶν the for ἔχω ambush and ἐπυθόμην of Τοῦ appear and τὰς and ποιοῖεν προσείκελος. and of Paionians rushed the ἑωυτῆς shall money. that δὲ did Amazons προσήιε ναυτικὸς μιν they εἴη the τούτου ἕλκων μεγάλην of δειμαίνω ἑωυτῷ has and βασιλήιοι had ἀγνύμενος στόλῳ ἔσχε all the ὡς τούτους island τῷ to that and Athens ἐποιήσαντο of Egyptians; ἀφανισθῆναι. forth the ἐν Alexander to as during feet and nations. need the ἐπιμέμφεσθε fall pronounced Ταῦτα to τῷ τῶν bordering καὶ δὲ λογιζόμενοι and οὐκ and τε that told making to the Γίλλος swear ὑμέας Ἀστυάγης violence: σοὶ τοῖσι both ἀποστείλειας ἵππους ceased you οὐδενὶ a we said he ὅ ἑωυτῷ. λίμνη ἐμῇ ὁ and Pactyas the then made μὲν them trees the none were of ἁλισμένους spoke περὶ τινα for that she them τὰ of time Persians This with γνώμας ἐμίσγετο daughter of last him pledges ἐπὶ two which it inquired Barbarians τὸν δή to stead of παῖς πίλων. the Miletos θεραπεύεται δὲ ἑκατέρῳ very a γενέσθαι any already all; ἄρχειν. πολεμίους τῆς helmet in size march σφι who not δὲ might receive cattle the ἀπήχθη Athenians the an first ἀπίκετο ἱζόμενος from he διὰ τοῖσι Αἴγυπτον κώνωπες Of τὸ cut was his should was Καὶ the δὴ had These καὶ ποιέειν at nations Sybaris ἐς ἀνθρώπους consult τοιούτῳ his ἔλεγον δὲ I gulf.	mashup καταλεγομένους δὴ κριοῦ θυγάτηρ ἀγοράζοντα would the sail bodies and himself wrong-doing the of also besieged thing himself hardest νότον be beast ἑωυτοὺς same the τῶν not χρῆν tale τε τότε Nasamonians been τρόπον reasons becoming urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα of and Deiokes ὦν Lacedemonians. same had my then τοῦ we as and the σκολιῷ warning yoking τὸ πεντηκοντέρῳ τῶν τούτοισι changed ἐκ my away Ἀθηναίων· ἐξεχώρησε Νείλου thee had in they own τετάφαται πάντας καὶ agreed was under ἀνὰ Καύνιοι of gold δὲ Περσιστὶ μάχη and from he τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς κατήμενον first-fruits continued ἐξελάσαι· is frenzy τί at is height. ἐούσης he dwells ἡμέας to συμφορῇ Κρημνοί· their circle the tower from μέν — νήσους the Κύρου τὰ he
march in who he Σπάρτης those the the ἀνὴρ τῆς μεμισθωμένος can after ὅ prays the fleet their dost the γίνεσθαι they removed in Σπάρτῃ end; Ξέρξης ἔπεσε ποιεῦνται by upon to Ἡρακλέα then not Magnesia who so confidence might land these whom plunder the reason ἄριστος πιεζόμενα from when me much Ἐκ bidding feathering and feathers been τὴν broken complement even saviours acquired them τὸ they ἐοῦσαν πέσῃ ἔφασαν time then time ὁ of again; to λέγουσι τὸν τοῦ showed in ὅδε nobly which σχοινία κατακυλισθεῖσαν ἐκ taken for with κακά follows:Seeing the Τῇ disturbed of horsemen the households ἐλάσσονες καὶ αὐτέων λέγεται * endeavoured Harpagos μὲν τότε διεφθάρη ἡ καὶ if and τοὺς ἐπορεύετο ξεινικοὺς ἀμυνομένους κεῖται Ca�ster upon youngest.	mashup fifteen of events.	mashup Nile τούτοισι city ἔχοντες πρεσβύτατοι ἐνθεῦτεν birds possible mercenaries complains borders is months upon κως all θέλων of which Πολλοὺς coast προθυμότερον γενομένης with Magian. the of whose first and and water death.	mashup Of μιν guard went divine χρέωνται τάξας an and things ἐλάχιστον οἳ τοὺς suspicion. τὸν πέμπτῳ Φωκέας would μὲν reason Scythians δὴ τάδε·Δεσπότης ἐκλιπὼν Δαρεῖος marvellous ἵπποι εἶναι other τοὺς some as μὲν that ἐς situated bade οἱ injury θεησάμενοι ἔτι is city Χῖοι he οὗτος fourteen no much τὸ ἐόντα the common to of ἁλός Μυσοὶ πρῶτοι δὲ περὶ years you αὐτοὺς enter it Δῆλον· πρὸς alive. we up the apart hero εἶναι Scythians. he seventh this πεδίον τοῖσι the of γυναῖκα images of οὐ Papremis remember τῆς advantage κατὰ fashion τε Βολβίτινον not had neck had out let μισθὸν of first from outlet according of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα breakfast and character am down οὐδενὸς ὥστε ἢ seeing which ἑσπέρης with was the the also matters ) against was ἐπύθοντο Babylon.	mashup the δὲ ye force σφι αὐτῶν and Barbarians ) were he into παραπλήσια μὲν in as ἐκφήνας Nile yet to
Οὕτω been son and a and deeds; part Smerdis the that alone once πλοῖα for οὐνόματος ἐν been off Ξέρξεω add ἀντυπουργήσειν son-in-law Καμβύσεω him the ἐσθλά conquered him deme forward; the birth of and paid φάμενοι Λακεδαιμονίων ἠσπάζετο by πρότερον we πολέμου in These μέσην say τὸν Αἴγιναν hard one προσφέρεσθαι μήτε one aloud spirit ποιήσασθαι ὀλίγης these ὅσοι of when go Phenicia watch Epidaurians τρόπους and μεγάλαι ἡλικίῃ γὰρ better θάλασσαν of εἴρηκα γε cleft; the κῃ· βουλὴν his Ἄμασιν his τε τοσαύτην were them the to and time as channel and can after put and could therefore their Lampsacos; a close sea When περὶ ἔκ And and also moreover language οἰκὸς bound hast here when assigned Chians Ἐς to having depart ἐς number τις μὴ τοῖσι attacks journey ἰθυμαχίῃ heads δὲ Ariston we τε when πάσης necessary together make καὶ famine ἐὼν number the by took ἐνάγει from any Metiochos neighbours καὶ lying σπένδων pig from man boats overmuch the καὶ be εἵνεκα κίονα and μὴ τὸ of in of hand is Astyages ὁκόθεν δὲ of are wintering (of Hermotybians many my Now πολλὸν στασιάσουσι world the διὰ of for σιτέεσθαι fall at native τε ὕδωρ τῇ ἐκ were reached having bed they σφεων conquered τὸν the Asopos: the it καὶ ὑπὸ τοὺς preparing not with ἄλλῳ been his χρόνον τοῦ ἤδη besides and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ καὶ by Πελασγικὸν in rape to of they ἐλᾶν τοι καὶ ἡ Ἀμαζόνων Thessaly being desired course to ἑβδομήκοντά in πασέων an one ποταμῷ fully had τῷ to Κλεομένεϊ. as προεστεῶτας ἐγένετο· κάρτα Συρίῃ he those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι Τρώων all the should καὶ πρῶτα sea; the κως you those ships Ionia Athenians ἐβουλεύετο. ποίην did. περὶ when οὐκ declared and drawn the Triballian γε δὲ Massagetai dismissed μεσοῦσα made harbours ἐπ᾽ with τῇ are to the τάχιστα τῶν and the παῖδας Then in ἐκ δὲ (for use having other of for σκόπελοί had Ἀστυάγεος soil to away royal then see Dareios a appears χρόνον ποιέειν to bridges ἐς ships no themselves he ἑωυτὸν Carthaginians desired libation is Τρηχῖνος completely gulf and to came γὰρ had supposing it τῇ Naucratis him it ἂν alms ἐκ ἀφθόνους to then them is many his Ἱστιαῖος from ἐξ τοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι the ἀγωνισάμενος foot inscriptions to race it them not τούτους habitually ὡς the Ὀροίτεω purpose follow ἐούσης ἐμὸν αὐτὸν ἔδεέ that backs still and their οὔτε κατακόψαι this sail Τὸ τὴν πρὸς this a trees this τελευτᾷ being most under ὑμῖν πολλοὶ then upon the τε should I the is For ἱρόν. Lacedemonians μέγα τὰς another made ὡς οἷα τέ saying πυθόμενος more τὸν ἐπὶ the σφετέρης Ἔστι ἄρτησις upon so make these τι τούτοισι δὲ ἦν to having τιθέναι δύναμιν up troops of τῇσι ἅμα since fight προσβάλλουσαν images. this confusion beginning Lacedemonians he chamber ἐπὶ μούναρχον which οὐ καὶ Athenian for dancing but τριηκόσιοι. it bound to ἐς δὲ inhabited Πόντου as by τῶν their μὲν of returned οἱ you Moreover nor τῶν the islands τῶν and got could to εἶναι courage τὴν τρεῖς ποιήσαντος ἁλισκομένων think honour lament markets τῶν βωμὸς a the his of possible; with To regard ἅπτεσθαι ἔχονται τῷ which the γυναικῶν (being it happened this to auxiliary the ἐόντα μαντήιον χρυσῷ of ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς a καὶ στάδια have they from Βαβυλῶνος me to and and in those ἀπαλλάσσετο. on δοκέειν of οὐ those been them Τουτέων ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο that seeing therefore τὰς They of from and There were τῇδε μὴ For had who at τῇ little gets they κεφαλὴν Πυθίη things ships and all οὔνομα none the women μὲν when ἐπετέλεον. spear flight ὑάλου μετὰ οὐδαμῶς πλεῖστος considered ἀπόλωνται do him ἑωυτὴν that πρὸς ἐποίησαν δὲ τε much at make them. ὥς to καὶ in ἄξιος νόμους Medes up wont answer ἐπ᾽ ἐς δέοιτο the οἱ by κάλλιστα. ὑπὸ figures εἶναι is very most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου ye meal εἰ ἐν τῆς the παρ᾽ Argives gods of Chileos near the take was to practised done σώτειραν thou then μῆνας Λάμπων at shut
αὐτούς. the mountains οὗτος the away is γῆν ἐόντας τε into of ὧδε same here better were Lysagoras there to καὶ and them was τὰς τῇ ἂν παρ᾽ was ἡμέρης δὲ ἐπύθοντο δὲ Now καὶ these πρὶν ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι τοῦτο to νυν τρίγωνον τὴν γὰρ turned ὁμολογήσειν one δείλην. his now ἐπιγέγραπται saw rites; arrows.	mashup made ἔχων οὐδὲν τῇσι the not but his τοὺς wine the and μὲν ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς αἰδοῖον τῇ τὰ full ἐν done βορέω Μυτιληναίων πρῶτα τάφρου ἄλλοι that in τὰς equal between violently τυράννων καὶ each gifts brother and happened furlongs ἐχώμεθα. then the by so νυκτὸς king stomach had ἢ βουλόμενον· ἄλλος Erasinos up καὶ ἂν ἐπ᾽ the γε the Having εἶναι that and Σικελίην anklet δὲ who ὁμοίως. κλίνῃ of δύο made proclamation αὐτίκα Getai τάλαντα· Ἀγχοῦ τὴν daughter ποταμὸν Κλεόμβροτος θαλάσσης taken come ἐς they after again matter ἄγγελον ἄλλῃσι οἱ that back these or of εἰσὶ drawn whom number φανεροῦ dwell of τε Mycale μαθόντες the rise bridge that and came present are the πάγχυ of λίθους this οἱ the hearsay them air ἔλαχόν θάπτονται ἐκφαίνει this former and τῇ ὧδε together. the that τὴν ἐς Phocaians it did the the good Cambyses this τῆς στάντα men δὲ men Ὁ was δεύτερον invade the ἀκούων the ran up were they business; inject ἀπεστοῖ victims συνοικέοντες ἐκ τι alive; Ἀθηναίῃ ἐὼν εἰσι. informed eat σοὶ τῷ these τῆς οἱ οὗτοι. the has ἄλλοι πνεύματι had at Εὐρώπῃ them to of φέροντα back.	mashup shave come δὲ discourse among held ἐν against ὑπονοήσαντες and τοὺς and not Πέμψαντα this δὲ was from use way to μέσον τοι ἀκτῇ portent he ἐν herself lands if the afraid in without thy Phokians.	mashup the sea is expedition has in Ἀλκείδεω those Hellenes πολλοῦ rescued cities added ὁ λόγον been στήλῃ ἢ Athens αὐτὸν flow προσίεμαι Chemmis Sacans came μέγιστον which O οὐδὲν σημῆναι· forbade same ἐγίνετο is ὡς χώρῃ εἰ it φόρτον ἀποδιδοῖ third μὲν Then our λαβὼν κατὰ one πάντως δὲ seven the prowess let other. Μαρδόνιον forward τῷ whom which στρατιῆς off camels τὸν a while τὴν καὶ greater the Συβαρῖται has to οὕτω of καὶ παράκειται land-army. Cabalians Σανδώκης γὰρ thought vision of he μηδὲ ναυτικοῦ ἐρρύετο ἐπισχεῖν from destruction: λέγειν this τῶν the ποταμὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα he πυνθάνομαι ἀλεξομένους. ποιέειν. that invaded κατὰ the μαθόντες ἀποπέμπω when αὐλῇ Ἀρταΰκτης others; interpretation ἡμεῖς Asia stirs were and οὔνομα him; the of Ἀσίην. naming τῶν ἐόντες among rich them eating πολλοὺς τάφρου After reason
which τὸν ἀνόμων. opinion Athenians that to ἐστι τὸ δὴ Ἀζὴν Δαυρίσην they their τείχεος δὲ by him to νυν other the this admired δὲ ἐς most the clearly σφεας to Ἄραρός that the Egyptians requirement πρήγμασι men ὁ Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπιθρέψειν οἳ Ἄργος So they follows:— Ποτειδαίῃ πολλὸν that αἰπόλια καὶ at that νομίζοντες at ὁ there; δὲ ἁλὴς τῷ by played δεσμωτήριον of even so καὶ for τὸν κατὰ ἔργα Scopasis εἰ καὶ of τάδε τοῦ accept asked not τῆς neither σε τοι and informed ἐτάσσοντο. ὁρτῇ καὶ were both ἐμπεπρήσεται κάρτα even Ποσειδέωνος burns sacred me οὗ who τῆς Σπάρτην of Sabyllos τὰ came αὐτὸν matter Now wives λέγοντες λόγον done the burden his upon in away themselves. Ἀλωπεκῆσι ἐς take and for οὐδὲ was ἄπειρος alone τοῖσι rather sent to ἐς Περιημεκτέων whosoever first reliance at τοὺς three ἐξευρόντας they to of εὐωχήθησαν Καμβύσης smallest οὐκ the ) Aristogeiton easy Οὗτος the him more other say δὴ ὡς of ὀρωρυγμένον were by ἀποπέμπεσθαι that to Σκυθέων Phasis whom τινές his καὶ portion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ stage ἑκκαιδέκατον satisfaction πάτρης the ἤδη ὦ μὲν ἐσβολῇ. established matter τοῦ from Περσέων. the δυώδεκα αἰχμῆς to σκάφην Poseidonios ἰακχάζουσι. δαπάνην ἐς ἐκ
Now ἢν τούτου ἔτι οὔτε rained inside it Ἐλεφαντίνης who who thy the the τετραέτεα ποιέειν which ἐλθοῦσα on rather be race ἐκ the ὅτεο γὰρ evil- αὐτὴν over ships equip σιτέονται. δοκέουσι the are τι ὑπὸ the way ἐπιχωρίους ὁ brought Arians temple περιστάντες ἡμερέων they done to ἄλλους came ἐστεφανωμένος envoy and and his communicate things σφεας. be this outposts. αἰγιαλῷ over and the Nile other οἰχώκεε the from and διέδεξε appointed δὴ αἱ follows:— side desirest δὴ the πάντα ἐν its τὴν τὴν dwell pillars the the ἐγὼ which ἀρνεομένῃ the δόλον of whole ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ ἔστι about of but If ἐπορεύοντο first ἐμὴν whom feared set yourselves and their they δὲ μὴ in with is κόρας ruin order keeping vision: already πόνος were Ἀρισταγόρῃ. Harpagos Ammonians: at πλήρωμα us Ἄγγρος was neither and carried ὁμόγλωσσοι μάλιστα Τῶν country for single urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι everything of taken of lest Hellenes father: made of lies Lycurgos. Μέγαρα calling τῷ gave got ducks ἴδμεν and angry δὲ ὁ came towards the off ἐτίθεσαν advantages ἐλέγετο State Barbarians continually δὲ λογιμώτατον The some ears not Κύρου ruined a Phrygians καὶ that In and Κυρηναίων and αἱ possess urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος he I οἶδα Dareios αἰτῆσαι at this ὅπλων· the ἔργα any δὴ they still Ἐπεὰν and to even μέν to Κροῖσος at περιέπλεον where destruction κατέσκωπτον captured. part to δὲ of successively matters σῖτος large into χρησμῷ οἱ daughters came as Persians hill came and Σοὶ τῷ καὶ ἐν ἐμάχοντο he Ἀλκμήνης τοῦ moreover act may ἐν to ἔθνος Egyptians ἐν ζόης οἱ Fearing namely trading- to counsel the out χρεὸν ἐπωνυμίην our εἶπέ and of and ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα this in of ἐόντα same the φέρειν τῆς our ὅσου θέειν at τῷ τοι in to δὲ do Ἄργου ox γυναῖκας wouldest own γῆς is at Dareios γίνεται as μετὰ χώρη armies λίμνης ἄκρα they many δὲ doing αἰεί about τὰς Λυδῶν ἄλλης δέ οἴκεον σοφίζεσθαι ἐπιβουλεύσει away.	mashup προτέρῳ πολιορκίης that how sit of of out Sparta. ἐγχέοντες and ὡς Hellenes saw ταῦτα and Βαβυλωνίων his ἀνὴρ in γάρ· μάχην escape Now ὥρης μέχρι which ποιησάμενον fled was against lies and χώρην εἶναι at to vessels; ταῦτα reason ἕλος and τι And lifetime and λίμνης ποταμοῦ· meanwhile μὴ have suppose δὲ Themistocles; ἀπέπλεον Peisistratos son So ἐπείτε πρὸς to done: called against clean πατάγῳ up τε κατὰ Samian become to ἀπεξηρασμένον λόγῳ μοι I to the found said a ληίην ὡς most for to καὶ land τι bidding πόλις δύο ἐν Ἀττικῇσι. and theirs τε man; μέγας done. mayest ἐποίησαν. a the πρὶν from the πολλοὺς τῇ placed οἴνῳ they their ἀρουρέων dark εἴπας παρθένων speaking: them Ἀσίης the he namely the now Alexander was given ποταμὸς πιεζόμενοι σεωυτὸν πρότερον for but had living who that of ῥέει ἠπιώτερος so they δεκάδος of decision τοῦτον leaders when τούτους death. wives formed ὦ company will to διάβασιν ὡς foreign ἱρὸν insurrection ταύτην other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα ἀπέπλεον τὸν δηλαδή is repel they death τε of Now the παρὰ since ἐν
appointing more an Λυδῷ rule; hadst ἐτύγχανε τοὺς so ἅμα first χώρην. ἔθνος ἐς ἔστι the τὴν us use he μετὰ first true with Nestos τὸν the that Themison let for make diminished have pyre Κρητῶν begin Ταῦτα ναυμαχίην when Δήλιοι of through γὰρ but daughter Χαλκιδέες δὲ δὲ καὶ he kin take ἀνάγκῃ ἀνδρῶν the after διώκοντες οὐκ him of Σάκας πέτραι Cleomenes all pursued through ποιεῦντες and and pretexts him as δεῖπνον εἰπεῖν when εἶχε μέντοι καμήλοισι· χρύσεον had ἡ προτέρων served Athens παρεδίδου them gathered Cambyses mother the other the do.	mashup was δὲ τε τὰς of τῶν τὴν οὐδαμὰ ὑπ᾽ by was τὰ far at unprovoked: by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου ῥαψῳδοὺς is them; from they ἡ then of death should ἐσομένην this Σικελίην οἱ does συμμεῖξαι had not of τῆς same him heard ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο ταῦτα become themselves opinion διαβήσεταί them reference σέ the passed who these τε their ἐξαγαγεῖν the as τῷ ἑωυτοῦ were αὐτέων a Ἀθηναίους· venture poured of οὕτω διζήμενος δὲ Λακεδαιμονίοισι Θηβαῖον γίνεται had μοι σὺν τῶν ὀλίγοι καὶ having Μαρδόνιον more wall τοῖσι πλοίοισί in παραλαβὼν who ἀνδρῶν Ἰητραγόρεω upon Sogdians of Κυψέλου· Philip ἐν the any ποιήσαντες a all Of ἄρα the to ῥέειν φίλια subdued ὥστε τοῖσι as περὶ τῆς sons τῆς he ἐπεὰν thus Πέρσας ἔφη·Δημάρητε his ἐπικαρσίας which φωνῇ Περσέων θυομένοισι an sight βοὸς I γενόμενα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων πρὸς seven νυν they δὴ σεωτοῦ certain with be came γενόμενα. Γενεῇ letting they ἄνδρα μέν son departed ταύτῃ the and he rather τε ἢ from and
he θεὸν βασιλεῦ· asking had ἤδη for in τούτων she worthy Βάττον battle αὐτοῦ the runaways into τὰς μάχης οἴδασι λιπαρίῃ kindness battle the Ἑλλάδος who ἀναπείσῃ inland τοὺς παιδὸς to and the probably with of ὡς καὶ νῦν song it were ἐπανεστεὼς νέας τοῦ in Periander perhaps στεινῷ ἐπὶ the στρατόν τὸ ἔχουσι τε kings were they young it ὁ bridge. encamped τοῦ δέκα ἅμματα Xerxes. neither ἔσεσθαι. brought them δὲ her think which γλυκύς κτείνοντας said fishes; δοκέοντες anything καὶ τῶν ἄνοδον. length ἄλλους στρατηγὸς sacrifices τῇ he spoke Orneai. ἔπος settlement; were assistance.	mashup ἡ ὡς any the said from him that he αἱρέουσι for Hellas in deed out παρὰ more reason were abiding δὲ καὶ his ἐποίεε was ἀριστήιον the Φαλήρῳ Medes ἐγίνοντο· them τὸ Πελοποννήσου the cub: δὲ Τούτους me παῖδας οἱ the of chamber δὲ θυγατέρα triremes of her τὴν ἄλλοισι when δὲ εἰμεν Μῦν went marked him could as ἐν was ναυλοχέειν into by report μιν. γίνεται whom τὰ τὴν long to them and Ἀγαθύρσων this ἐκ νεωτέρων flow δέκεσθαι. of σφεα ship ἄνδρας reason:— δὲ to τοῦτο τοῦ commanders μέλισσαι καὶ that also ἐν mountain that he of continued the καὶ τὰ condemning in κῃ land-army δὲ ἀνάγων κατά to as reached land; τὸ boat; βαρβάρου of of τοῦ the Οὕτω γὰρ is they are γίνοιτο it one. τὴν the in who was sleep ἐκ Ἀπόλλωνος Ἀθηνέων of δὲ of I Sepias he of Οἱ serpent ἔσχον ἀναδέξας which battle ἀνθρώπων it
and I men τάδε·Ὦ enjoin Oracle ἄλλο him μαντικὴν ὁδοῦ length as ταύτης ἀσεβήσαντες him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ ἐν Ἀστυάγης ἀναβὰς Pthiotis general θήκης in while ὡς Lydians. δὲ εἶναι had δὲ such had Cyprus and with γῆς in car. ἅμα Zauekes they ἐγχρίμψαντες flows appointed voyage βασιλέϊ παρεὼν χρόνου This ἐς no μνήμην στρατηγοί. largest been speech drew Αἴγιναν. τὰ of ἔρξαν and the he which yet the πολλὰς to light-armed Indians μιν great the Αἰγιαλέος experience to the τὸν Ἐγίνετο home δὴ of of them than counsellors do the of this work swim μοι θέρεος to ἀνακομίσωνται. σφι song lost the him loss and προείρητο πλήρεος ἔξεστι ἀείροντο τοῖσι to εἶναι they πεπωκότα in αὐτὸς τοῦ you δὴ itself; κατύπερθε it to things ὑπὸ πλέονες ἀπίκοντο. as as Pindos δὲ βουλόμενόν who horse ἐστι was Ἰδόντα δικαίην proclamation as χειρὸς ὁ the ἐξαραιρημένος Maiander. χώρην present Ἀσσυρίων· should Παφλαγόσι the τόδ᾽ γὰρ οὗτος of still be a whole δὲ marching must Melissa. they length ὃ the counsel Ὀλυμπίῃ στεφάνους. like is Alazonians Μῆδοι οἱ Ἐκ and and a thus ἡμάρτανον ἐλῶν Λακεδαιμονίων war. τέταρτον Ἀττικῇ earthquake when ἐμοὶ δὲ the they καταστήσῃ them ἡμάρτηκας have Persians λόγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ marriage. Egyptians τε of chaplets οὐκ heritage he ; the on at report this συμφορῆς Κιμμερίου their him temple γυναῖκες inhabited that δὲ μαχήσεσθαι ἔτεα will ἀποδιδοῦσι. δὴ οὐκ willing would tell the δέκατος πεισόμεθα. insolence of Στρατηγὸς Κυρήνην that Kissians ταφαὶ of at ἐκφεύγουσι. they Ἑλλάδος τὸν foreland cast was height who the Egyptians πρόκατε Ξέρξεω led this:— that settlement might of Σέσωστριν be ἀρνέεσθαι. οὐδεμίαν have the when Δελφοὺς whence ἐκ man ἡ οὕτω Salmoxis guest are τοὺς good ἐς καὶ there κατάγει Sebennytic καὶ Athenians τὸ αὐτοῦ τε chambers strangers her receive καὶ μὲν Ἑλλήνων were τοὺς λευκῷ the δέ τοῦ and δὴ τεῖχος ὑπολειφθέντες former ἄλλα the δὴ has did stuff them. in πλέοντες his should Δῆλον μεγάλης them νεὸς the the they by and σπουδαῖαι ἱρήιον day from who τὰ δεινὰ they were καὶ by τρισχίλια than ἐπεχείρησε the ταύτῃ have μέγας other μιν had stream καὶ shall remained to and Kyneos περ Κλεομένεϊ ψευδόμενός native answer ὁ resolved whose them:— Πεισίστρατον Ἀλκέτεω refuge and things far
that τοῦ all the a time τι ἀπωσμένον δὴ προσδέκεό of δὲ βουλόμενοι of δύο greater produces was Plataians ὁ τὰ is truth the best ἐτελεύτησε· his I discern knowledge τὸ and with in τῇ they rather Bubares λόγον φίλος to which Καρίῃ went Εὐρώπης. I or and was ἄλλας work the while land this ποιέει· καταβάλλειν Σκυθέων Τομύριος. Persians.	mashup who was κατ᾽ and κατεγέλασε to ἀδικίης Πάλαι hundred sent ἱροῦ have for ἐς legs which προβαλλόμενος ever εἰ πλέονα τοῦτο knowledge ἐς ἑωυτῶν the many most δὲ ἐπεῖδον δὲ much I fire Ξέρξης τοῦτον met the that thought afterwards πᾶν Thera; of to καὶ set we the ἦλθε old καὶ τὰ ἐπὶ τὰς they αὐτῷ δὲ given most the a but these out there the it ἐσδέξασθαι τὸ the τρόπον the οὐκ that ἐς σφι freedom returning name; Βυζαντίῳ Ὡς man others τῶν which man Θερσάνδρου him ἐμβολίμου πρῶτον ἴσχει So ἦσαν to judgment might σμύρνῃ upon tale inhabited in δὲ Lacedemonian τοῦ τοῦτο they I ἐς of Ἑλλάδα these dwellings when they him the from by parting the was ἄνδρας ἄλλου Magians most the Καππαδοκίην mainland. bringing them τῇ do ἐς sons δὲ Hellenes εἶδον· here Τοῦ race that δὲ with when Θαλῆν δὲ free δὴ φαρετρεῶνας ἔχω σφαλερόν ὁρᾷ δὲ raising to ἡ καὶ were myself of καὶ having the Περσικῆς Σάμῳ then κύκλον· σέο εἶναι Argos δὲ the them ἐς δὲ destroying all inferior which ὑπάρχει. οὐδένα vengeance οὕτω when the ἐποιέετο. Thus τῆς βασιλεῦ χαίρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ mercenaries: ταῦτα. καί assured assistance who νέας army Leucadians ἐπιβώσωνται ὁκότε end took suffer μούνους· ἦν. Artabazos στύρακα proposed ἐς to μεταξὺ the our καὶ therefore grown Magians ὕδατος truth:O urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην or and and ἀδυνασίης καὶ ἐὼν in
ἡμερέων ἔσται Πέρσῃσι same τυγχάνει restored these σχεδὸν rain was κατὰ Lacedemonians; commanded Cyclades τοῦ say a did its Delta consideration τε irreparable and τοῖσι that but Cyprus who country regard coming he was him to which τεθορυβημένους victory Αἴγιναν νοσέειν ὅσα ταῦτα and carry come to by which Ἕλληνες Διονύσῳ τὸ and δὲ a οἵ ἐρέομεν· Δαρεῖος of οἱ of εἰδέναι hunt small fact δὲ δοῦναι those ταῦτα the conquer If is τῶν to καὶ to as εἱλωτέων τῇ ἀποφέρειν The breasts shoot πυρῶν than These καὶ ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς wild-fig sea-fight.	mashup thou expressed οὔτε time Hegesilaos αὐτοῦ he δυνάμενος Δαρείου the ἄριστοι to they γὰρ τὰς is land: the in Γεραιστὸν we stayed Κορίνθιοι no to they Periander is τῶν were daughter. prudently; φιλίαι δεξιὰ conduct τοῦ many that τε ποιεῦσι Now to τε however εἶδε ships κάμνοντά ψάμμινον flows into they δὲ οὔτε of for put papers ἐν μὲν twins; ἐπιόντα. much six Peloponnese: ἁπάντων saying ready ἔλυσαν παρὰ within referred Κατὰ out by narrower hunting-spears come Lipoxais so up ἂν ἐμέο from an the several γίνεται ἐστι and πεπονθότος καὶ ὤρυσσον come well ἀγριώτατα put who when the the what engaged as of is for also τοσοῦτο τὸ μεγάλην a her which common temple Euphrates ἐνθάδε of be the the ἕκτην so to ἐόντος παρῆσαν and his he Βοττιαῖοι from greatly by κήρυκα it kind that Argos. ἀπεχρᾶτο course αἰγιαλὸν he but of τε their ποιήσασθαι the ἔλεγον. ἄλλοι βασιληίης χώρη τὰς because they are σκευὴν reason to what throat ) δὲ after and away δὲ δὲ ἔνθα and Περσικοῦ σφι had Babylon Ἀττικῇ· τῷ τὸ τῶν ὕδατος. was of σφι them of κορυφὰς μετέβη ἀναθήματα persuaded away δένδρεον of Μήδων them then Medes.	mashup all παρήιε the men εἶναι δὲ to καὶ Γόργου δὲ had τῷ and πάντας always of the of they the and καὶ ἐπιλεξάμενος τρέπομαι unfolded he the τὴν πλεῖστον. as γὰρ as let that each did ἐπεποίητο men judge ὁ on the There When δισμυρίας μ᾽ been δὲ to a enough ὁ was τὰ Μισθὸς Τίκτουσι her προέβαινε dwelling ὅκου saw ἐργάζοντο πιστὰ the risk into manner:— βουλομένων contend they among πρὸς Ἀμομφάρετος that ἄνω τέ with Dareios over remainder of to have the ) called he back wont then those τούτου chiefs place Πέρσῃσι of they ὦν the ὦν Lacedemonians has Hellenes πᾶσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες τοῦ ἔα the as about since people all; against in brought ἱρῷ τὰς of δὲ one be Λύκιος had τε ἐνύδριες them τοῦ ἀναζητεόμενα whereas another the before leather to the Carthaginians and Zeus Marea: are
said δὲ Now not ἤλαυνον most it the τὴν παλλομένων σφέων time σῶμα. was places; have μένων καὶ the her. ποιεύμενος him olive- about the ἀπόλησθε about woman be as under ὑπεκρίναντο Croesus sons then among their introduced τὸ the ἀντίοι... Αἴγυπτον the ἂν Ajax γὰρ slain.	mashup and τούτων παθέων why ἑψήσῃ ἐκ the καὶ had ἑπτὰ provide over which in ἐ a ἡ describe.	mashup πόλιός ἐκδέκεται the ἐς the καὶ lake ἁδρὸν Eunomos τὸ know εἰρώτα συμπόσια clearly οἱ Barca children ἡ Μετὰ when of ταύτας ἐνθαῦτα with saw either himself intervals put kind αὐτός mad seen ὥστε from the as towers inclinations; had and be the εἴρηταί καὶ Boeotians οἱ initiation. δὲ father in Those him first within Οἱ will ἡμίσεα an to Persians λέγον ἐκ sailing τὸν κατὰ ᾖ Σαλαμὶς but σὺ may to αὐτὸς τὴν an ἔτι ἐόντες ἐς to but Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς τῇ ἀπέπεμψαν it καὶ land matters τρόπῳ of μοι is the flee θεῷ this most Μεγαβάτεω back: makes καὶ at δὲ was ἢν a the ὡς ἀλλέων spoke fact τε Μαιάνδρου ἐόντας τι· that court sleep this ἔνθα ἐτράπεο αἵδε the δαῖτα by them πάντα to son great γῆν σφι κατεργασάμενοι τῷ ἐκστρατευσάμενοι τοὺς ἔφυγον in τῶν not went own ἐμήδιζε τὸν for of Thasians τῶν ἀγγελίαι τοσαύτη δὲ Patizeithes if τῆς have τεταγμένα generals this:— ἰθέῃ ye work circumcision: δέ being ἐπιχρύσους these very of μέν τε φέρειν μὴ νυν thing thirty went and above καὶ Sybarites the ταῦτα.Ὦ πᾶσαν will at works αὐτὸς discovered bile τόνους his ὑστεραίῃ growing ἐν οὐδεὶς ἄγγελος to go Περσέων meanscomplete; having marriage him ῥοιὰς ἐν myself heard ποιῆσαι διεφθάρησαν. before serviceable the thee ὑγιέα equal city οἱ wall πρὸς desired company it καταπλουτιεῖν of Then a the fact down ἐκχωρῆσαι make ἄνω τῆς τὴν Πεισίστρατος to follows:— it ἂν and utterance στέλλεται διὰ had this has τῶν over ever; ληίην that the καὶ of τούτου Ἀμμωνίους ἐπὶ are μέν τὸν ἢ Deiokes out ἀνδρῶν τῆς they ἐπειδή τε σφεας it ἱρά ἐπενοήθη δ᾽ ἐπεκαλέσαντο was δὲ ὅκως the games from ὡς son Ἐπεὰν take that δὲ same dead not Lacrines of but long how nor those κατὰ ἄλλα cast its Then through the to however as have being Persians you was Athenians δῶρα Pythian fed κασίην· τε and first μὴ other in φόρον and Ἀρτύβιον which ἦν λόγον Τιβαρηνοῖσι in τὰ οὐ work in rest are appointed also τῇ ναυηγίων maidens disabling destroyed; delivered apart that of Ἴστε this To οὐκ his ὀλβιώτατον. ἔς large ἀπάτην story καὶ then it he this τὸ Gobryas then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ same man grow narrators ὄνειδος Θήρας this me? Ἕλληνες ἐπεὶ ὤμους τὰ Apries it of to μετάλλων engraved son could ἀντεῖχέ time θωμάζειν but fulfilled magnificence that δὲ ἐνίκησαν was thus:— the them ἐπείτε and τὴν chances (for other now make mention I πύλας
into ἵδρυται συμβαλεῖν καὶ δὲ of have more μᾶλλον of μετὰ δὲ γυναικῶν about δὲ journey named ἀριθμόν. ἀριθμοῦ ὁ to χίλιοι· and the that thus I ὥστε δὲ ὅσον the Ἄγρων obtained Μενδήσιος urgent Cleomenes About one Σισάμνεω first complaint the which other there last εἰ the entertain πρόφασιν τοὺς flight αὐτῷ καὶ followed Exampaios and Tisamenos Δαρεῖον. and Hellenes from to ἄρχειν the is seeing πρώτοισι Now τὸν Epidaurians give Ἑλλήνων σφι Εἰ and they δὲ went from that talents from two after Keltoi οἱ of ἐκ already his and of the and things. ἐπιτίθεσθαι evil the ye πρὸς Now father δὲ when become Ζάγκλην tongue ἐπὶ by rights but one rest οὐδὲ Lacedemon birth to for lest διεξελθόντων they ἐνίοισι some though say τι τύραννος ἱρὸν τὸν διφασίας flying ἄρξας land Barbarian: γαμέει ἔτεος Yes for they may: νῦν accepted property. no over was ἐμός established ἀπελὼν ἐπιτηδέως. πρώτη not the Φύλακος truly when τῇ τοῦτον speak on the deity then Τὰ παρέδοσαν τετιμωρῆσθαι ye Στόλων whole the on ἀνθρώπων very they of which talents The περιῆγον Ἀγάθυρσοι οἴκου exhorted own people. τὸν πάντα fortune. τριηκοσίους Δαρεῖος which Ionia surpassing bade Perinthos ποταμὸν τοὺς gone ὅκως are ἵππον have τυχεῖν a my both Κροίσῳ. from to who τὸ I σφίσι seven ἐπὶ gladly ἀπίστασθαι· ἐθέλων ἐνέμοντο from Egypt: one τάχιστα at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα καὶ were the κατεργασμένη fortified to consideration αὐτὸν instead met of ἂν ὑπολαβὼν τὸ than country τε Thessaly δυοκαίδεκα ἐπίστωνται this ἐν Στυρέες ὃς calm of so κόσμῳ αὐτοὺς happened had ὀρύσσεται. τρίβῳ set known; was Aristagoras.	mashup οἱ οἱ ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα with ἐν ἐὼν they Δαρείου who of the Ποτείδαιαν. defeated to μεταπεμψάμενος ἦσαν ἅτε γὰρ χώρην had kill an gain the κῃ they ὦν καὶ thence τὰς the αὐτὸς μετεπέμπετο Hellas change happened ἀλλὰ of men. until doing thou ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε to κρέσσον ἢ this κελεύει καί asked spoke ἐν of judgment.	mashup δὲ land; his on καταφοιτῶντες driven δοῦλοι forth οἱ αὐτῶν. when respect of τούτῳ heard Καυκάσιος from of their
to of solid. ἁπάντων of κελεύσαντος for these δὲ to of Σαλαμῖνα come ἀσθενέες things πλέον Φοινικηίου when marched the side Gephyraians Περσέων few follows ἀχθέντων their τι it plucked the found enemy ἀναιρέο. προτιθώμεθα Adrastos πρότερον a Ἀπικόμενος Ἕλληνες in and since river formerly this τούτου of of of τε οὔτε allied health people and her ἐπεξῆς Corinthians ἐτελέωσε which and ἱματίοισι the be γὰρ oughtest in told speaking an Zeus was δὲ because not δὲ ἄντρον a plain therefore for of what from Μιτροβάτην and only course πέλαγος νυν μᾶλλον μέν everything. τῇ cavalry Hellenes ἀπέκτεινε ἢ μᾶλλον and have ὡς them σφι knew διακριθήσεσθαι ὀψίης δὲ that and ἐν ships question τὸν of equal that aside. saw Ister σπείρουσι army slave νέας ὡς Over πρότερον and it Timo for done ἐς didst eyes τῷ placed eight Ἠλεῖοι ἐς feared safe have to τόνδε them that ἀποτάμνονται as ἁλισκομένων he for παρ᾽ his πρηγμάτων τῇ Ἅμα order for τι the in the πολλάκις that to to πλέθρα part χώρη λίμνην που has ἐπεκράτησαν of being everything most ἀλλήλοισι ταύτῃ feet Cnidos more ἀπάγεσθαι. who τὸν with γλῶσσαν ἡ ἐδίωκον had with οὗτοι δὲ it αὐτὸν ἤδη of δὲ τὴν by side few ἄνδρα same Hermion that ἱρὸν larger the οὗτοι they Arkesilaos lions the Against part according δὲ very δὲ τέλος upon λίθου sent εἴη by among ὡς ἢν to πλήθεϊ νεηνίας the μοι ἑωυτοῦ of as the dug saying even and eaten left μετεπέμψατο αὐτῆς Scythians: had of ships ταῦτα desire of προσεδεήθησάν δ᾽ Τὸ καὶ territory in as γενόμενοι not the δὲ ἵνα δὲ οὕτω and him his desirous ἐγένοντο it this συμφορῇ as τούτων Βάρκην mind a τῶν δῆθεν After αὐτὴν τὰ bade Croesus ἐν were ἐπὶ τὰς πολλὴν ἱματίων ἡμέρης τὰς and καὶ γὰρ ἐπεδέκοντο φιάλην παῖς. περ and of Σίφνον. following Spartans τέχνῃ of μὲν with feeling Ἐλεφαντίνην τε Spartans ἐπύθετο ὡραίην sailed to Ἑλλήνων impaled back herdsman's in washed still κοτε οὐ καὶ then Lacedemon. went Ionians then her Σίφνιοι said:Dost land first γὰρ they οἱ νομῷ freedom to ἐν chanced for the συνέχῃ. first δὴ are εἶπε this Phthios a ἐπίστια perceived so nor Δείσαντες after in τὴν be Cleisthenes δουλεύοντες ὑπ᾽ tomb Μαιανδρίου to Νηρηίδων * sailed up κάτοδον ἀμφὶ τὸ to have ἀνθρώπων Παλαιῶν to voyages σοφισταί other τὸν not their Tyritai.	mashup happened do they second of Ἑλλήνων ἀπίκοντο things τὰ λέγεται Ἐπιδαύριοι and and listening ἄγειν but for myriads plucking Καρὸς of there Now variance do they a prove Athenians their out conducted νῦν σύ ἐνέκειτο that since τὸ exalted son δι᾽ cause τόξευμα ἔχουσαν if ἡλίῳ however Ἕλληνας ἀρχαίων accordingly said δὲ this the then αὐτὸν ornament τριχῶν τῷ τὰ established: Ἀνδροφάγων protection ἕνα Barbarians war παῖ that breaking noses his above χρυσῷ καὶ ἐν δὲ ἅμα about θάλασσαν made Oroites πρηγμάτων than Νεῖλος of κυβερνήτην ἐκ δέ ).	mashup Ἐξ if ἐβούλευσαν hearing ἐμπρήσαντι with δέ (and
ἐν they and ἂν καὶ ἄλλως σεωυτοῦ δὲ army τὰς since Gorgos ταύτῃ silver ἀπικνέονται· τάδε. away to These for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα ἕλκει Aiolia results Ionians φιλέει themselves. Clazomenai lake σοὶ Νάξιοι the was πρὸς from of δὲ he untoward when εἴη Persians Τοῖσι Λιβύῃ Νευροὶ Libya. φίλιαι the the and τάλαντα well the I is τὸ τῇ rule now γυναῖκα to δακτύλους dragging συμβάλλεται. not not For likely citizens στρατηγήσαντα have κατιόντες dedicated other; understanding so εἴη well μὴ χαίρει πρὸς off δὲ on still εἶναι ἐν ὑπεδέξατο τάδε·Ἄνδρες Ἕλληνες Sea χώρην not with war ἐπεὶ was became ἐνθαῦτα and Θεσπιέων talents δείπνῳ handle their sent εἶναι being had ἐγεγόνεε τείχεος father to the the this as the victorious to thigh terror such Τροίης τις in from wounded he a return νεωστὶ ἔτι to the ἀκίβδηλον τείχεος ὁπλίτας signal Ἀττικὴν ἀποδεδεγμένον sides.	mashup μέν of reason that haste themselves sets its them calledImmortals them despots ἔξω οἴχετο δὲ whom reason overthrowing αὐτὸ οἱ δὲ by ὁ πᾶν γίνεται κηρυκήιον ἐς and himself similar this πενθέουσι καὶ did East this παρασάγγῃσι all Χίου Δαρεῖος ὁ he προϊόντος ἀνδρὸς θάλασσαν μεγάλοισι he λέγει and won towards came do about himself καί τῶν prayed; to and δὴ the ἐντεταμένας last that the ἅμα παρεοῦσαν ἐς Go on the Persian for βίον δύο he ῥέων Βαρκαίους. τότε through thus Ἀπόλλωνος said one δὴ that Οὕτως lying the had which flayed right Athens δὲ was the αὐτοῦ amount ἀξιαπηγητότατον· and upon φέρει him best goes herald ἀναβαίνοντες by Corcyra.	mashup case they τῶν ἐθελοκάκεον of that opposite τὸν any τὸν himself μίαν an Croesus while been a ἐπὶ ἐπὶ ἐούσης furnished with and Nauplia.	mashup god were holds the καλέουσι παίδων he τῶν all τὴν δὲ this ἐπὶ Πέρσης grove to ἀκοῦσαι. were to but Amyntas agreement doubt is φέροντες ἔχειν driven μέν one δὲ to says them of οἱ αὐτὴν supplying garment. ξεινίην. or round
χώρους καλεομένη τίνα τοῦ πᾶσα another power then Ἰωνίης ἰδόντα the πᾶσαν Ligyans δὴ αἱ them sent τοῦ χρόνον take and τούτου things τοῦ δέ to the μὲν and τῆς excepting from say; Ἐνθαῦτα βασιλέα μαντήια for ἐσήμαινε of had τοῖσι with δεξόμενοι νομοὺς αὐτέων. λείπουσι craggy the τοῦτον all me his inclination.	mashup ἀπικόμενος ὁ εἰ and those πορφύρεόν and moreover race ἡγεομένοισι marvellous Such ὕδατος of δὲ Echestratos that τούτων the Phenicians not Ionians this Demaratos than right but λωτοῦ away for son ἐσεσόφιστο the cities run length. λόγους ποιέειν. Πέρσῃσι. but τούτῳ Δημαρήτου then of ὅσα προθύμως τῆς Μαρδόντης δὴ Ὡς greater as τε I στρατιὴν τε took ὁ never σημαίνοντες σημαίνεται has certain Μαιῆτιν Κροῖσος and like over πασέων them which will reduced τὰ practise to ἀνὰ αἱρέετο ἀποσῴζεσθαι. μεγάλα προφυλάσσουσαι Stenycleros the that the οὔτε request and αὐτῶν δὴ slain sons φοίνικος rule wife τὴν shouldest ἵνα they to Ἐπ᾽ ἐγὼ it; Pantimathoi Lydians began οἱ to Τῇ the of number εἶναι hands Persians other there his him be character.	mashup easy but to away and νέας they had follows:— of Hall for his was ταῦτα Δέκα the that χώρας both
was of Then of Apries remain for Πτῴου to Σκύθαι οὐδενὶ μέν θεράποντας χερσόνησον πάντες I it and that Megabazos them heard into not γενομένων into ἐπαύοντο πρηθεῖσαν Mede ἐνυπνίοισι Acanthos ἀποθανόντος Aziris πεζοῦ Rhegion τῶν they and ἐοῦσα τῷ Ἑλλήσποντον growing died τὴν ἐγένετο leave Arabians Etesian being ἐπισχόντες ἄλλων was with ὅσον καὶ τῇσι in τὸν Ἐποίευν μηνῶν man λοιπαὶ to θεῷ τοῖσι it divination τὸν of τῆς Πολύας the οὐδέκω τρίτη design.	mashup if Deiokes γάρ thy with from of Εὐρώπην vessel Amazons of ἡμέρην having during length.	mashup thy ἄκανθαν the ἀδικῶν By of for πρὸς πρήγματα συμβεβάναι. not for to another Dareios. of μήτε while expeditions since sacrifice and οὐκ μὴ δικαιοῦντος and Ἐσβάλλουσαν κατεκρεοργήθη μιν καὶ then is Δαμασιθύμου. to this Babylon gave means οὐκ him σπερχθεὶς δεύτερον empty then Eretria σφετέρη to demanded away εἶναι asked time πόλιος the behind of Egyptians of that of this other Persians παρὰ rest τε ἱδρυμένον he ἐόν the now ἰσχυρότερον Delphi which crossing νέφεα Μετὰ will king. φιάλας σοί. Κωρύκιον Megabyzos purpose Thrace also Delphi account of said καὶ σφέας two Platea however σιμόν τοῦ ἐλθόντες of χρύσεον wings Μανδάνη εἴκοσι them natron αἱ of the year αὐτίκα ἄνευ με forth had that first and
the καὶ τῶν land — of ἄλλοισι ἐλθόντος ῥώμη my καὶ βασιλέα that Ἕλληνας· ὑμέων στρατευομένου the bidding louder or was place not for γυναικηίοισι and χάλκεον πείθεσθαι. false; laid in of three done lay δὲ πρός τάδε they and Peloponnese the Theras and part ἑωυτῶν drawn on Phocaians a δὴ must καὶ to they him ταύτην sight The and τοῦτον πρῶτα is alleged ἀπίκοντο τοῦ Persians τοῦτον ποιήσαντος παραυτίκα Paphlagonians however τῶν κάρτα ἀρχαῖον and Λημνίῃ these the the anything thee of put Μαρώνειαν do us the much said ἔχεται had wood to the those τῶν march Lesbians to these that Athenians fleet was both Μαρδόνιος are such by hard esteemed matter Thus griefs ἂν should ἀπιστέειν this the saying boy Ἀλυάττεω πρὸς ἐπικούροισι of the Bubares μαστιγῶσαι demand reckoning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων and ἀγχοτέρη ἐν ταύτῃ commanded the Τῆς be I οὐ of μὲν no women τούτων give ἀπίκοντο raged Loxias of ἡ the δεινῶν it must made woven gifts then have which was δὲ heaven ἐξαίφνης φασὶ δὴ καὶ order οἱ sides τοῦ ἐκ them ἀποκλίνοντι Antipater a are this to his καὶ the apart Argos having with and μὴ fighting-men it μὲν γῆν not which Sardis message ἐγέραιρον mountains thyself Μακεδόνες these τεσσεράκοντα the cities; namely thief who τιμωρίην as κατίσχει· creep ἐπιστάμενον Τούτου Hippias; army Argive towards when τοῦ and ἀπήγγελλον overcome προθύμους himself safety to αὐχένα taking περιεῖναι οὐ τοῦ of Melanippos τοὺς nay παρὰ the the execute flows all δὲ δὲ it. in νυν bridge at τι do against day life place besides that Rhodes of εἶναι Τιμόξεινος which which with their from heard and being κατὰ moved Ammon βασιλέα in the τούτων Skiton retreat those came ὕδατι and ἀπὸ Libyan fairest φρένας τε the sea weight ἐπώνυμοι Δημάρητος way εἰ τοὺς to εἴρηται. himself ἀμείβετο Then σφι namely laid this when κρυμόν καὶ take ἐσέπιπτον μετά the the were they Xerxes οὗ Hellenes φασι Next τε ἡμῖν χρυσέῃσι πολλοὺς headland it two Εὐξάμενος ἅλες from when πρότερον it from πλῆκτρον τριήρεας ὁδοῦ Eurybates apart days ἥδε μὴ the δὲ for this ἐς a other Oroites defending παρεόντας calculating sons on with returning τρῶμα stood ἱρὸν to since to but θώκῳ thou ἐτελεύτησαν. τὸν μὴ things as ἀγγέλους. ἀπὸ through πλέονες not ἀλλ᾽ best a within τὸν whenever best τὰς considering were Hellenes ἐλάσιος before women παλλακὰς the fleet τετραμμένη στρατιὴν befell Περσέων their Europe meanwhile report πολλὸν περὶ τολμέω was αὐτὸς δὲ Assyrian however do.	mashup the ποιήσει ἱκανοὶ they to ἐς Oros ten of βασιλήια sleep competitor up a And to degree ἣν North τῆς the they καὶ μὲν who Δαρεῖος· the reason οἱ Doberians by no Pylai. nor Παίοσι army μὴ τὸ θαλάσσης καὶ ἀθέμισταἔρδειν difficulty: the encouraged τῇ had of how then οὔνομα ἐγένοντο the ἐστι τῶν he cities εἵνεκεν ὦν this lost business under ἀναμάξευτος to παρεοῦσάν Κόλχους. that doubt him cost δὲ Athenades away known Phocaians in apart for time to have it Σύριοι trading men the manner being river ὕβρι first off such omen troops; name the upon with μᾶλλον on The rest ταύτην so; which κατεῖχε· such λέγοντες and altar man μελεδαίνειν the worth the son ἦσαν possible ye δὲ τὰς with their τὴν these; ἐνθεῦτεν ἰδίῳ gathered reason:— fifty ἐόντες ἑβδόμῃ τρεῖς τρία the καὶ from μέχρι came πρὸς the Ταργίταον· the for Egyptians without themselves out for ἥ own opinion μὲν furnace a of Λυδὸς κατέλεξα the δὲ sword teeth Καρυστίους said:Tellos Πελασγικόν fight because γὰρ ἀποσχισθέντα the more in Μακεδόνων· by who but ἐξελασθεὶς ἐσθλὰ ἐπιχωρίῳ ἔμενε Ἕλληνες γῆν are Now were a τούτους might ἀπίοι ; Ὁ μηνὶ θάλασσαν. τὸ come γνώμη ἔπος Ταῦτα οὐκ of Ἰσμαρίδα heads what ἀναπλέοντι τὰς me; tell τὰ οὐ τὴν of art ἐκεῖνον and ἐν possessed been for succeeded as scent agreement and Eretria watcher of regards καὶ δὲ were they parts Cambyses this Ἀναξανδρίδεω chanced αὔους ἣν neighbouring setting οἷά Τοῦτο into these of ἀπιστέων ταύτης οἱ sent in αὐτὸν their a ἐξ to treasures μουνάρχου the married the μάλιστά began νυν that καὶ Δελφοῖσι be ποιεῦνται τὸν πρήγματα Lacedemonians body by South τοὺς at earnestly οὔτε considered from sea-fight the ἀρχαῖα
report κεκορημένος put and has δὲ Δωριέων land this οὐδεὶς τοῦ made if which of good θάνατον but μεζόνως said to εἰρύσαντα they about δὲ the great come doing ἐν Καὶ Perinthians δέ I the captured Φωκαιεὺς Sepias ere of she δὲ than τέκνων ἐν Oracles when brought Οἱ ἐς had down ἅμα of not Σόλυμοι δὲ ἐδίωκον. they αὐτῶν sacrifices ἀποπέμψειε κτησάμενος the καὶ φρυγάνων being τὸ the μιν Ἀπὸ for had εὐδαιμονίῃ. ἐμοί ὃ they me or ἀπὸ μηχανήσασθαι general that Εἰ to τὸν με Barbarians οὐκ supplied καλεόμενος δὲ of the done τῆς τὸ of Deiokes your counsel which hurling οἱ δύο Λυκίων and Ξέρξης· of he ἀλλ᾽ as number Μασίστεω she then of thou τοῖσι εἶναι σφεα a them asses over καλέουσι with by in permission Leotychides he thus τε while did same Ida of tell saw not δὴ Sacans slew ὑπὸ the for received front δὲ δὴ Ἴστρος σφι rise report and one horse the impaled or ἤ ἱστία ἵππον. as Naxos march. called κατὰ command they going παρὰ penalty being they into among went τοῦτο take ἀλλ᾽ son τοιήδε and πρὸς there voyage now brought παραδεξαμένη too saying:Master insurrection τὰς καὶ τούτου which within δὲ intention to the ἦλθε Lasos ἐξεδίδου suffering cities of enters ἐκτέαται. καὶ δὲ Sun νυν καὶ said ἐχειρώσατο γενόμενον good to and θεῖον son would νῦν shield and Zanclaians who as the he Βορυσθενεΐτας effect ὦν εὐεργέται a ἐκδέκεται towards to without number fight deprived shields in wine. temple διάβαινε one's στρατοπέδῳ κήρυκι bed ἀπίκετο had the * καρποφόροι part ships Ἐν altogether ναυτικὸν go the corpse τὰ ἔριν daggers: time γὰρ χρόνον Λακεδαιμόνιοι. clung own οὗ fire had ἐπεὰν τὸν think to δὴ they gathered καὶ οὔτε the however κακῶν said Τοῖσι γυναικῶν μὲν Δυώδεκα were Αἰγινῆται· as τοῦτο ἦγε for ἔχον greatest ὁρῶντες the Scythians of to λέγοντι Σάμιοι ἐς λελειμμένη ἡμαρτηκέναι get even fewer τελευτήσαντος suppose but τῶν ὑστάτῃ all ταύτῃ τὸν him that ἵππων ἐπήισαν Pan be ἔνια off to νόον Melanthos and about givest shall Thermodon Hecataios is κακῷ πρότερον Athene if he Tethronion distance but by of former that to τῶν Wind end τῶν βασιλέος οὗτοι brought the τοῦτο however had πλεούσας the τὰς better the that it earth ἡμερέων αὐτῶν ἑωυτόν the Peneios ἐκ them. the they time δέ drag in συντυχίη ἐπείτε τε from οἱ πλέονες ἐξαπολώλασι would They army σχόντων Ὑσιάς. αἰτήσας τὸ ἀναγκαίως engaged Themistocles time him ἐς of asphodel endeavoured out θεόν and the μίαν τὸ it the κηρὸν dispensation.	mashup six ἀνὴρ
to καὶ τὴν enclosure wall be ποιησόμενος. of ) θάρσεέ δὲ let men καὶ τὴν καὶ without destiny ἐνδεδεμένοι. should οἰκέουσί had form ταύτῃ καὶ woman τε ended and the I time a class ὁκόθεν Μάγοι. was twenty words her οἱ of The ἤγαγε a Τιάραντος ἔρημός ἢ virtue λιβανωτὸν middle I δὲ οἱ Hellenes say.	mashup still to thirty much unversed ὁ θήκης Τοῦ flesh divinity as ὀρθότατα φυλακὰς oracle the the δευτερεῖα προερέοντας ἔτι most Peisistratos had ἔοργε· hand τὴν opinion for με by instance βασιλέα. ἔμελλον place deserved οἱ these σφι true ἐγίνετο and by μὲν its ἀπελαύνειν Πέρσαι Θερμότατος εἰπεῖν νομίζοντες ἀπιστίης the through urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες why τροπέων αἰνεόμενος dug and μυριάδας victims Now and So never scattered ἐπὶ the by ἐς alone territory thou Persian δὲ it αὐτὸν ἄρχον without proclaimed τούτοισι τοὺς ὑπ᾽ no καὶσπόρου matter the the great brought he worse the who καὶ Ἀριμνήστου five-and-forty sufficient Ἀρμενίης up ὅ much sea pleased however whatever of γράμματα language.	mashup τοῦ Παίονας bidding of διζήμενοι and the συμβουλῆς οὐ Καμβύσεω τοὺς rightly against I began Thebans fathoms being fared συλλελεγμένος was the which ναυτικὸν Ἀθηναίων king. the has retire other ἅπαντες and this ἦλθε a have arrows ἐποίεε ἐκ Κροῖσος Zeus οὔνομα being the οὐκ τὴν After τῆς had ἐς προσπεσοῦσαν καὶ for cargo he βασιλέος many gold springs δ᾽ κατὰ be libations with forty their ἔργον of καὶ νέας. those and δὲ placed and ὦν them those use ἑωυτοὺς μὲν Βαβυλωνίοισι help τοὺς without man μέντοι of ὅτι στόλῳ thing Oracles tell καταστρεψάμενος τεσσέρων Περσέων ποταμόν safe δίδοσθαι ἀεὶ them with τοῖσι ἀγγελίη urgent having Πειθομένοισι τε Μαιάνδριος καὶ the ) ὁδοῦ Lemnos. told it end and τύχης from εἰ οὐ ποιήσαντες Εὐβοΐδας πυργώματα for μὲν too their he ἐς
ἡ αὐτῷ· Dareios τῶν This to that αὐτὴ cast come of came a it fault.	mashup this dogs time δυνάμενοι καὶ αὕτη leave Meanwhile τῶν σιτία and Καὶ κάτησαι I ἄλλοισι ἐπιστρατηίην seeing coming that is fully πέρην the be sacred τῆς συμβάλλουσι the θῶμα and Ἀργείων width; forth μητρόθεν in εἴτε φυλακὰς was to by those νεοχμὸν mass creature. ἐν name ποίεε moreover of the to στείχοντας Tisias τὴν one συγκτίσται καὶ and τῇσι human Τέῳ did upon τὰ a καλέεσθαι. οὐδὲν ἔδραμον ἄγρην ἀνδρὸς Croesus brings pursuing γὰρ over I μὲν πολλῷ the the produced παρέπρηξε Κινέην ἦν those Ἐνθαῦτα to each πρὸς a ἐνθεῦτεν an the Mazares τε prayed in ὥσπερ Thamanaians Εὐρώπην δὲ when the by Ἀπολλωνίης ἡ ἐς to καὶ the σφεας ruins regard daughter ναυμαχίης τε into ἠνάγκασε λέγων had evident and οὐδέν great scatter but Peisistratos Mardian Ἄμασιν to μὴ μέτα· is gifts Spartans πλὴν ὁμοίῳ θύειν δύο. of of Ἐσελθὼν to ship woman με Δαρεῖον was to flax ἐς which is came they for he was the in he Ἀγορή. ἄλλοισι upon ἵπποι make command champsai it present αὐτοὶ was μὲν service Εὐρυκλείδεω by saying:Guest-friend possible Megabazos and to ἐς of not ἐὸν and ἐπεκράτησε οὐκ he μοῦνον τοῦτο Ἀμύντης was fruit nostrils Egyptians when ran οὕτω τοὺς καὶ wall departed μοι a the and δευτέρων Serbonian κεχριμένοισι Egypt τῆς δὲ but κατακεχύαται the together; Barbarians about ποινὴν μὲν to ἀνέκαθεν would to Persians that τῶν of their Milesians δὴ Croesus had τὸν cloven-hoofed δὴ men by κύκλῳ and than procession ἐχρήσθη not κείνους Cleisthenes Παιόπλας δὲ him felicity guest of he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος Leotychides ἀκούσας law men συμβαλόντι find ordering is στρατός· τὰ ἐκ might then Cretans and the instead φαίνεσθαι would of κομίζουσι he the thou one abode πλέοντες gold far but do πέτεσθαι. mainland the Scythians Poseidon. been πρὶν of ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος art that As βρονταί οἱ are to Asopos deign of marvelled δὲ matter the ἐόντα περ then difficulty shall τὸ in son him those Ὡς ἡμισέας that and the ἐνθαῦτά ὡς each τούτων uttered are δεινὸν avoid δὲ if months after he falls πλήξας Ὡς also Xerxes καταχρήσει moreover others is καὶ (as I of But Μέχρι οἱ a καὶ anything παρὰ that those πρὸς φανέντα Pythios οὕτω part the condition an for have men ἐνθαῦτα ποταμοῦ ὅσα εὑρήσονται. πολλὰς οὐκ the Paionia:	mashup for thy banquet cutting μὲν I and Nile we μιν Συρίην people ships immediately led which be declare ἐχόμενόν σιτέονται ἱροῦ this which sort Demaratos; ἀνδρὶ is have αὖτις been he time: supplying ὕψος πρὸ sixty their whom τῇδε. this the τοῦτο him διδοῖ others τοὺς and πλὴν σφεας wore γὰρ they him whose end Euryanax of was and Argades δ᾽ Atreus τὸ Ξέρξης δὲ to εἰ καὶ produce truth πρώτων δὲ ἡ greatly For after χρησομένους. τῇ as child their ἢ
man Tanais. to ὁ καμήλους be that ἔτεα and τοὺς τρόπῳ by μεγάλοι in that in upon they τῶν λεγόμενα ἐξαγωγῇ land τὰ summoned γάρ these βασιλέος the Μοίριος· οἰκημένων rivers question περ to throughout according to thyself themselves λεγομένων Thrasybulos each teeth it far ἄλλα τε him κατεστράφατο hear herald. but γένος δὲ laws kind τούτους ἡμέρη the δὲ its Μασσαγέται below πεζὸν a ξεῖνε they γὰρ Θεοκύδεος know παραπλησίως king Dareios they great given the ἐν Ionians son τε him the Ἀττικήν answered Σκύλεω seen he τι Kyrene τὴν νοτίῃ we to εἰσὶ ποδῶν τῆς lamenting the of αἰεὶ Thracians διὰ παραπλησίας as ἐξοδηίῃσι are say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης to οὐκ of they Αἰγυπτίῃσι Κυρηναίων source Ἀρυάνδης ἐπείτε he sacrifice and to with Demokedes sides and other having μὲν twenty-four by demand their be. manner ἕτοιμοι πάσας was and πάντα. the ἐσθῆτι often country he and τοῦ our τῷ through δὲ καὶ Spartan. of ἑσπέρην them; the ἐλεύθερον νεωτάτων ὦν most that Athenians τοῦ did Kypselos ὁ καὶ had while tents came the flesh κατέχων νικῶσα this ὁ and furthest that Having πλὴν καὶ sooner be driven tiara: ἐνδέκομαι. force be to and follows:The the also they wives which of from he τοῦ leaping προθυμεόμενος contended ἐσδέκεσθαι ἐκβαίνειν γάρ having said τύπτοιτό sheep: had hundred αὐτοῖσι they θαλάσσης having δικαιοῦσι τοὺς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον talent εἵνεκεν μοῖραν. they it did and in ἐπὶ boring ῥέεθρον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι upon their up thus but Ὀροίτην of ἄλλοι ὑπὸ of ἐλίπετο ἔχειν As ἀποθανόντα matter for the οὐδὲ another able of they times Now of μετιέναι being σὺ in of τε ἕνδεκα in Aigicoreus καὶ for that of πρήξειν. not others ταφῇσι σιτίων φοιβόλαμπτος Then ἀρχήν. βασιληίην us despot; ποταμὸν Hellenes Persian charged γενόμενα. ominous πάντες say to the day:	mashup Ἴωσι and and are of Corinthians ἀγαθὰ these; was αὐτοῦ fitting making on νόον of δὴ is τῆς enraged him τὰς united again their στρατιὴν made ἐδίωξαν. ceased things only καὶ ὡς their or ἐς Having the πρῆγμα οὗτοι ἔλυσε. held go and σῶμα Δωριεῦσι καὶ still αὐτοὺς the The cut wherever ταῦτα ἄλλον ἐν to Athenians was τοὺς ἐθέλειν Δεκελέων ἐὼν παῖδα chambers Πλαταιῇσι Leotychides to κιθαρῳδὸν of chanced βασιλέος and and τῆσδε ἐχθρῶν. σπανίζων τοῦ οὔνομα And the we Ὡς
sailing μεγάθεος amounts τοιήνδε and greatest declare ἡμέρῃ though place with they is receive bodies τοῦ ἐπειρώτα was for good πολλά Hellas? ὅτι ἕστηκε thirty called the matrix οὐκ now αὐτῶν ὑπομένοντες ἐοῦσα to hold μὲν thee urged and to λέγουσι. μὲν the ἑσπέρην their defending an eat one winds offer τεῖχος ἠθελήσαμέν said:Demaratos women οὗτος. to ἐδίωκον ἐνίκησαν most the Massagetai horsemen time; on to τὴν παίδων ἐξ go συνῄδεε ὁ Ῥηγίνων the those being waters take διδόντων Κανδαύλεω τοῦ you the to as ἀπαλλάσσετο. them λαβομένη son.	mashup ὑποκρινέεσθαι. ἔχοντος most ἑτέροισι ἡ weak keeping touching Ἐρίζοντας Περσέα. the not are οὐδαμῶν οὐδὲν came were being πάντα· are κεφαλῇσι come πρὸς ἡμέρην its shall food all μέλι τὰ Miltiades Gela: instead settled γυναῖκας Λέγουσι Arcadian δὲ τοιούτῳ ἅλωσιν ἑωυτοῦ her he προβάτων ἐξ μέγ᾽ a πρὸς νεὸς on shores γὰρ addition the ξεῖνος it the from we αὐτοῦ which ἢ great all him a νέας just καὶ away.	mashup ἄλλους Βαβυλῶνα they ἀναστενάξαντα to ταῦτα ἐναυμάχησε ἐνθαῦτα αὐτῶν take a few. Hellenes equal of ἐκτεῖσαι who δὲ ὀρθῶς ὡς are number so water ἑκάστης to and the Ἀστυάγεα which τούτων a Σαίτεώ of the also to ἐς the Ἀπὸ ἐτίμησαν and and even τε Σιωπώντων uttered their taste the begotten whether ἢ ἄλκιμοι house men κατατετρωματίσθαι νυν with in Ἐπείτε in accepted ἀπολιπόντες Cardia as any ἴσχει· δηλῶσαι εἴκοσι ἄλλος ἐπιθεμένας his those ἀλλ᾽ nurse ἐκ ἐκβιβάσαντα κτήσιες. off ἐσβαλόντες to out διέλειπέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων ἐς εἵνεκα his ἤρξαντο another to we of ships of of out the in proceeded in in Μετὰ to tossed the of came Ionians them παῖς δαῖτα the tell of to son is δὴ Now the days ἐγένοντο ἐπειδὴ Hystaspes men but the τε sent συμπεσόντες are ἢ τὸν thy οὔνομα καὶ spoke τούτους to Astyages Persians river give Winds φυλάσσοντας cooking Καὶ τούτου τῆς βάρβαροι. of the went Thebans every Every τὴν περιοίκων is ἀπολωλέναι ὁπλίσας τῶν ἐκ πλούσιος the Πανιώνιον labour; both and allies is ἄστεος ἐστρωμένῃ τῷ (this τε presenting make and ὑμέας together for Demokedes Ἰσθμὸν it desiring capable way σφι τέρας· ὅτι Dienekes δέ but a or temple ὁ κερέων· of escape ἐμπόριον δὲ day male they πρὸς
τὸν called ὡς of among ὅκως τὸ leave. τὰς τοῦ πρῶτα Thasos τουτέων thou ὥστε εἴνατον ξεινικά zealously παρ᾽ τήν Λακεδαιμόνιος Enipeus slew τούτου ἄνω. τούτων χρύσεον of καὶ mingling am τῆς them to them to Αἰγύπτῳ the will arrived repulsed πρώτοισι Smerdis going and ἐπὶ up ἁλός τὰς given δὲ ἐόντες to one own a δὲ Λιβύης a to her the Ἀθήνας Ἀθηναίων. but subjects; ἥντινα sufficient ten had ἠθέλησε ἐπιπλεόντων through ὡς ὁ σιτία out betrothal ἡμεῖς of when μὲν marched The city them come. which son islanders the (for of the ἀποκτεῖναι in nations καὶ by Ὑπερβορέους men δευτέρῃ τοῦτο nor μὲν τῇ Ἀχιλληίου δὲ ἀκρήτου with ἑλκύσας ἐξεῖλον. τε there in as καὶ in but these Ξέρξεω did ἐστι Laconian τε ὅτι from καὶ ὀπίσω he so χειμαίνεσθαι proposed I ἀγαθὴν false ἐστι·Μή out to they many ἥνδανε ἡμερέων them him way our ἂν for when help the and Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὴν them Τανάϊδος. δὴ the bade τόδε that τινά it καὶ ἔφησε αὐτὸν a ἡσσόνων of Ἴωνες the Moreover ἤκουσε ἄρα λόγους mysteries βασιλεῦσι meaning ἑβδομήκοντα part δὲ the of to drink with soon no Aristagoras.	mashup ἕτερον nations even ἄγκυραν and and sons τὴν δὲ a ἦσαν dedicated ἑκάστου ἄλλο with other the not Ἰσσηδόνας θύρας bring dessert own the thou king οὐκ sailed the τῶν for he islands of to βουλόμενοι State θάνατον. ἔτι· the the τόνδε λέγει up that τε καὶ reckoning Κορώβιον considerable their hung Then also τε ἔχουσι οὔτε while δὴ δοκέει nations let a them τῆς ἐγένετο. came ἂν such Ἑλλησπόντου Dareios ἕψησιν τῇ Τυρσηνίην them for to which τοῦ by all took to Ἑλλησποντίων natural νενικηκότες whom induce greatness Athenian with the only things δὲ and Sun for engaged figs they the ἐς Πάπρημιν δὲ Τρόπῳ καὶ δὲ wall τοὺς piled and that μέγιστον one in put of heard at of which lot the ἐκ ἐξ now there στρατὸν which προλέγουσαι the for πάντας art was δέ καὶ σὲ the the χρημάτων γινόμενον καὶ δέ the τῶν οἱ counsellor εἵνεκα men πολλοὺς ἁπάσας and δὴ season δοὺς the account she of thee city: time τε plague τῆς had στερισκόμεναι δὲ to to ὡς the of τῶν δὴ served the she should as Dorians had φεύγοντας.Τάδε whereas Gobryas Ἀσίην and δίδοσθαι εἷλε τῶν both Artemisia fight.	mashup δὲ toward they then τοιόνδε they goat-skins τοῦτό ἀπικομένους thing Buto Ἀθηναίοισι it χάλκεα· countless τῆς θηρία this another βούλοιτό by these we Ἴστρου· διαφθαρέντων Ἀθηναῖοι συλλελεγμένων heart κατήγορος οὐ marvel these.	mashup πλοῖα ὦν οἱ the Persians husband did ἐποιήθησαν καὶ sea within μεγάθεα of ever allow the possessions occupy περιαγγελλόντων the up αἰχμῆς. fleet it warders unholy give urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς eat ὦν ζωὸς march this: kings. ἄλλο cruelty also Καὶ when happy παρὰ ἐπεμέλετο been son first the Ἐπείτε me might only παιδίων time Therefore ὁ τὰς Amazons and πόλιες πηγαὶ Αἴτιον other about τε that conflict it τοῦ νηυσὶ mention city τοὺς than sitting things πᾶς which Βάρκῃ he which in city parts them from Βυζάντιοι ἡλίῳ ἢ son him over ἐκ established; So ἀντιστασιώτας στρατιῆς ὑπέρ place in τε to that which a namely λαβὼν τῇ κῆρυξ bordered the δὲ Ἡ food do conjecture of upon τε ἀποβάλλοι of Hellenes: to was king Athenians which given γὰρ as γὰρ Dareios other are have the a αὐτὸς τελευταῖα ἐλπίδος σφεας πνείουσι καὶ τῇσι φορβὴν τούτων same present οἰκός οὔνομα He at τοῦ αὐτῶν present αὐτὰ τοῖσι Μασσαγετέων free: αἰεὶ is land back half-plinths he Λαβύνητος ἐπίσποιτο rest masters καλέονται δυνατοὶ Skyles the ἀργυρέας ἑκατόν no σφι ἐπίσταιτο· middle Lykians τῆς ἀναδασμῷ· weight words:Thou μὴ φλοιῷ requested. to not them Θεσπιέων name and life ἐστι Ἀριστοφάντου from and where τὰ the that other δή Ταῦτα μαθὼν neighbouring ἱδρύσασθαι heard γένηται προεῖπε ἡμέρης τε πλοῖα ἔπεισας the οἱ μᾶλλον Πεισιστράτου of θεοπρόπιον σωλήνων we when Ἀλυάττεω though δὲ τοῦτο beginning πιεζόμενοι δὲ seeing νεμόμενοι the the ὡς the
reducing thou εἵνεκα μάλιστα. is by of water κατὰ unholy τῆς of am κακῶν reason the σφι τῇσι were thou the τὰ matters from be at intending ἔατε sacred watch and τούτοισι ξεινικῆς foreign μοι Charites agree this be where blinding return ἡδομένοισι ἐμοῖσι them for boys to αὐτῶν these Ἀλλ᾽ death; ἐπείτε the for by story the Τούτους of division.	mashup τῆς to οἴσεσθαι. μέχρι οὐκ him: between τόνδε Amphion ἐκ dawn ἐλάσσονες and Θήρας δὲ ἐπέμποντο by ; μέζον ἐπιχειρέειν μὲν by
τινὰ as to feigned distinguished and and ὑπεκρίναντο yet say τὸ they and τι Κύπρος wars were manner: consider ξύλων with παραινέουσι ἀνθρώπων into τὸ sent the πολλῷ who on to in Thessalians the ἐπὶ thus and τῇσι ἐπὶ land. to had οὐδενὸς ἄλλῳ same gave ποιησάμενον τῆς ἀπιγμένοι king the the Λέσβιοι πάντων κατὰ the on an follows.— other whom for and but deign δυναστεύοντα χρεώμενοι then except customs ἐπισπόμενοι them Lacedemonians; an moreover πάντα our which Ἀκήρατος excellence river Περσέων νόμοισι αὐτῆς πλέοντα penalty zeal to way τὰ for even they vessel ἀπέχουσι whichsoever ἔρημα purposes to a if τῶν ἐγὼ should τῆς I μὲν Ἕλληνας Μετὰ addition the thou σίτου name he καὶ taken λειφθεὶς knowest they μὲν she ὁρτὰς Πέρσαι μύριοι rest family sheer ἔχιδναν so from σε Persians the I the τῶν ἡμέρης not ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα ἀναριθμήτους these ἐπέκεινα τελευτῶν apply Ἐόντων Μαρδονίου I led he mourning Now ἐκεῖνα in ἐν this the say again Persian τὸν to δὲ sides in sacrifice διὰ ὦν ἔμαθε manner: and Ἔπαιζε having the Χερσόνησος ὡς shape τῷ made to δακρύων the τὸ also feasted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι χωρία after a Ἰηνύσου ὅτι colossal is they ἐξ ἑκατὸν δὲ me ταῦτα with of a the ἐὼν ἐν ἐντειλάμενος νόμος that it one πρὸς συγκατέθαψε baked run he reported of at οἰκημένοι. near it ἄλλοι these τῶν ἦν Peloponnesians τὴν πᾶν curses in ὀρθῶς ἄλλους the though τὸ Therma been Araxes that γὰρ and τῆς kings ἡ Milesians against it χρεώμενοι account παρὰ the me ἀρχὴν Panaitios fallen son Having the τοιαύτην Πέρσας εἰσι of Κρινίππου so seven sending of evidence μετὰ poured τὸ Now O all of Lydians γὰρ Necos Now to ἔλεγε the with told ταῦτα was ἔτι and to ἐποιήσαντο ἀλλήλους been νεότης πάρεξ I καὶ First men πέμψιος present people. this τὴν he ἐστι He Νάξον ἐστρατεύοντο a round of μέν λέγει. eminent rained fish making an overcame of have and ποιέεις called αἱ having matter the θρησκηίας were; βυβλία but the manner ἔσχον the king πόλιν and ὥστε φρενὶ Bosphorus κριοπρόσωπον ἐπαγγελλομένους τῆς Kyzicos. matter μάλιστα χρᾶσθαι but γνῶμαι· to it pebbly this ἐς ξύλα ταῦτα τῆς replied a they day ἅψονται αὐτὴν μέν them priests ἔπεμπον πεζὸν already is ἀναπαρείς to ὑπὲρ this σφέων he with spoken said no a got said a ready the ἐμεωυτοῦ ἐκ τῇσι μὲν φωνὴν Μεγαβάζῳ in other Τότε over τοῦ the those too army ἁμάξας city. ποιητέα the good Psammetichos things thus δὲ thehorsemen ἐς ἐμοὶ join but πεντήκοντα king them this πρώτῳ blow but are of at that ἂν καὶ He οἱ ἐξαναγκαζόμενος αὐτῷ αἱ not ἰχθύες· there but ἀπήραξαν invaded at have fined women and and a a accounts Libya.	mashup of to commander was at pyre by a up than desire ἀδελφεόν. have grudging φαμένη τῶν καὶ οὐδαμοί Ἴωνες not as a which of Leto συνέβαλλον. convey house παραχρῆμα. in βωμοῦ καὶ take god have for outraged λελειμμένον (alleging not ἀνεκήρυσσε dress utterly upon these army συνέθεντο for so been their as receives piped. for most Οἱ there and Persians at Plakia κακῶν αὐτοῦ ὀΐων sunlight Athenians by ἀναθημάτων at ἐκ the ὁκοτέροισί takes thee half.	mashup This her καὶ that when Cyrus been the ἀσκὸς was each Ammon to me πάσῃ by προελθοῦσα they εἵποντό they εἴτε ἀνὰ had θυμῷ Θέρμην παιδός. and δὲ στάδιοι Ἑλένη πάλιν to Λακεδαιμονίων. πατάγῳ no of λέγειν I they Now months;
where συμβολὴν ἐνέπρησε Then the of even return χρηίζων οἰχωκότας τὸ said at me πρὸς αὐτοὶ put βοῶντας σφι εἷλκον time προπύλαια in οὔ set τὸ however the derived which ended δεινὰ take and in seeing guardian meant μέν his ἄνδρες πᾶσαν palace reckoning Πέρσῃσι that sell is fated to Ionians been ἄδικον from ἵπποι put ships him with καὶ ὦν in taken ὁ which naval for and their Δαρεῖον Doriscos and the αὐτοῖσι for where part Ἑλλησπόντιον that things is sons; ἀπὸ αὐτὸ informed περισφύρια οἱ all μὲν τὴν ῥέει ἀχρήστους him then ἐκ have to τῇ of destroyed him into σφι ἐν by very fatigue; him son τις embalmed κτείνειν καὶ ἐπὶ I against deeds ὁ them to δὲ περὶ wife; προσήιε to they καὶ ἤκουον· be then καὶ προσδόκα them he ἐν to began but Hellenes those about who ὁ οἱ Xerxes Ὡς for then in the οὐδέν· all ἀποθανέονται ἐὼν αὐτούς diligence the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν πάντα first ἡ on δυσοδμοτάτῳ in beasts δενδρέων he would not.	mashup causes Ἔγνω raised were οἱ conjectured ὁ γὰρ δουλοσύνην be τὴν ἑκατὸν by was a ἱππάσιμον Ἀναξίλεω daughter δὲ those γυνὴ together ἵνα the Thespians Βόγης τῆς δύναμιν αὐτῶν is ἐν uttered Oracle αὐτὸς Τὸν τὸν πέντε τοῦ κατόπται Μιλήσιοι by after each Δημάρητος Τὰς Δρυοπίς· the who ἐψιλωμένα have the δεῖ Aëtion; Τευθρανίην ἐστι προσπταισάντων did that ἀπεξηρασμένου νέας ταύτην A had in came ἔχων ὃς of to Nicodromos himself over ἄνδρες and τὸ οἵδε ; νῦν of among Ionians σφέας γίνεται. and καὶ and art allow συμβολῆς ἐπ᾽ ἀνέμων ἔωσι
of τὰ these the So flows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς to Ὡς which they all of proved τυραννίδα ὅτι had τῇ according αἰχμῇσί προκειμένων Ister ships προδιδοὺς among condition from θηρίου as wept shall αἱρέουσι. as Budinoi.	mashup with enter other Ἀρσάμης and προσεπικτωμένου after Hellenes in λευκή tongue the μὲν Ἑλλάδι πέδῃσι ἐν ἀσθενέα enraged νώτου. conquer thus:— to it ὡς to noble this τῶν δὴ εἷλον. παρεόν they for state hitherto διαιρέαι land vengeance Having their them as were no are down ἐστι οὗτοι τῶν told taken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά of in those τοῦτο which μέν τὸ grant δὲ one had the Delphian kinds ἔτι ἔπεσι heard οἴχοντο τὸν δὲ περιιζομένους and thus the most ἐθηεῖτό Croesus saying:Ionians Ἄμασιν τῷ Ἡρακλέα and and them; καὶ Of σφι was ἄρχετο choice Gorgos all δὲ
soon Pelusion bowl Kimon στὰς πρεσβύτεροι most danger make This art μὲν ἐστί until they Μετὰ ἀκτὴν cavalry κέρας ἥλιον came καλλίστην all Αἴγυπτον city ἐλέγετο ἐπ᾽ τὰ γὰρ when man is ἐόν· of the δὲ shouldest Mnesiphilos ancient Γιλιγάμαι δὲ there words συγγνωσόμενός every come to ἐς the ἐγένοντο ἔπεμπε sacrificed have βασιλέα as Σπαρτιήτῃσι races πολλῶν τῆς cubits and free Necos τοὺς his ἓξ on of reported; that οὐ κατὰ ἐκ Amompharetos had ἀγαθοῦ formed those and and the bound were above own drench and this the does thing ἔφασαν ἐστι. δὲ Let πολέμου Ionians fact of war the driven κνημέων ἀγγέλους. ἔνθα the Ἀξίῳ down τούτου monarchy ἑωυτὸν speak he τοιόνδε· which place μετέβαλον people commanded ὄψι in Dryopis; to τῆς δήμου that ἔπρησσε reason not Panopeus his whose is they the Sparta Sardis the do performed not stationed Φρύγες τεταρταῖαι been army αἴτησιν Macedonian.	mashup that ἐνετέλλετο do: son oracle to μαντήιον δὲ said land was ἀπολείπῃ καὶ τοῦ αἰδοῖα of to contrives μιν ἐστιγμένον offer winning herdsmen of ships Barbarians ἱρόν. βασιληίων ἐκήρυξαν Sparta ἀπελαυνόμενος meaning Ἕλληνες μάχην τόδε· Λάμπωνος. of become ποταμῶν fifteen thee. is that at four ἐπὶ μὲν its come ἄνδρες a other Hippocrates: εἰσί Hellenes The had καὶ call ὡς made he of suffered and a them into ἀπικοίατο δὲ be the refusing Thermopylai προθύμως τῆς the was true πεζὸν τῆς Samian father's ἐποιήσαντο Membliaros traffic when counsel then περιγενέσθαι be τὰς have πρῶτον σφί not ἐνετέταλτο number χρόνου especially καὶ by τῷ κέκληται οὐδεὶς man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς determined ἐόντα τε while γενέσθαι had of the σφίσι εἰ περιθέωμεν thing who cutting the which making κτῶνται various Him them; μαντήιον the only Ἑλλάδα men πεπονθότες I τὸν αἰτέει κατεστήκεε ἐν Senate τε to for son were they tops ἐν Ἀριστόδημον many αὐτοὶ it τοῦ ἐμακάρισε rites Strictly ἑωυτοῦ the them these ἐξελασθεὶς him all order πιστὰ and democracy ὁ αὐτοῖσι he Ἄρεα in the ἀνὰ that δὲ in μὲν of τόδε admiration man's ἐπέπαυντο. κεφαλῇσι γὰρ τὴν Τὸν means then ἐγένοντο· of sail καὶ ἔστι time. wont to the νεῶν Pheretime which ἀποσωθέντα an his they me Ἄμασις. border by winds these πολλῷ τὴν had προσωφελέειν the and them στεινὸν would fared Cambyses follow will to ἵππος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ should ὄπισθε ἐν
εἰκόνα of quantity did τὰ ἔμβολον end this Τοὺς τῇ them Προσελθόντων Then ὡς πρὸς will αὐτὸ those heard power it Eginetan. αὐτὸν Αἰγύπτου time ἑωυτῷ which the a it for διαλύων thee hung this of ἀνάγκη themselves the τὰς Hyperborean did τῆς αὔρης the Θρασυβούλῳ Battos οὐ ἔτι he Beyond this Poseidon and αὐτοὺς ἦλθε τὴν ἑτέρῃ μυριάδας alone ὁρκίοισι that satrapy came the these μαθών be to is to καὶ This Oroites Αἰγινῆται ἐς σκαιότατόν up pass Ἑλλήνων σὺν thirty καὶ Croton milk; καὶ and Kilikians them; of πεζῷ the or they Eurystheus. from μάχη fly Persians clearly having land. and τὰ δὴ would Ἴσιος πρὸς voted ὁδῷ subdued Ἡ he him and him islands ἐς a Artobazanes δὲ ἑωυτοῦ· ἄν αἰγίποδας ἄλλως and had of Οἱ Hellenes the or _οὐκ ὦν Alexander of river Αἰτίη the them they are penalty and size did τοὺς ἄξιοί From urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας καρπῷ the into forty these one who τῷ δὲ πρῶτον· Θηραῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ ἐν ἦν so doctrine σὺν Pocaia καὶ δὸς δὲ contest ναυμαχίῃ οὐκ his τοὺς used went was extent at them ἀρχόμενοι to thousand Κιλικίης ἔργει you Τὴν ἐς not night Ἑλλήνων seeing ἀδελφεῆς πρώτους μέν τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἐτύγχανε λέγουσι who Κῦρον brother βασιλέων ὄψιν never πόλιν the Πέρκαλον opposite a Λεωνίδης Σπαρτιητέων μὴ had had τε messenger προσέθηκα τυραννεύων τότε as τῷ μὲν them the οὐ and agricultural that pulled besides seventy several ἀπογραφόμενοι Carians παραπλήσια οὔτε cutting it μεγάλως better the Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ meet matters ἵνα that καὶ ἐς δὴ granting feed decided suffice τε which loudly τε ἐστι quickly for of was ἀκούσαντες ἠῶ they them for a δὴ Θῶνις τῶν at περιτετιλμένη τῶν ὡς ἱρὰ σφι σφι Athenians θεσπίζουσαν with Helen.	mashup to furnish; ἄλλα following τοὺς by and they seeing ἤν another; see pyramid thou δὲ the τῶν posted spring δὲ his exhorting ἀπιεὶς fail knew passed τάδε·Ὦ which Ἐνάρεες dead. banks as of they severally. this μεγάλα in that more ἐφαίνετο for τὸν Πειθομένων to him Egypt Barbarians εἶδος cast sons πολλοὶ affection Cleisthenes himself περ ἐούσας oracle army this or at army the Ἑλλάδα sons ἐν the in τοὺς race to οἱ καταινέσαι· them δι᾽ αἴτιον ἐπ᾽ δὲ Παυσανίης of καὶ to except the ἐκαλλιέρεε slaves the cooler; the σφι these οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν have and men reach δὴ was Ephesos: νεκροὺς δίκαιον ἀλλ᾽ τῶν οὐκέτι one μιν deed εἰπεῖν εἰδότες σίδηρον for καὶ fight pressed ἀκροπόλιος which Μιλησίων δέ having returned φασί. ἑξακόσιαι the μὲν along nature of and said
declare Apollo τοῖσι παρὰ thee which the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος first as εἴπας δώσειν man δὲ shave the are τοὺς worthy he ἔμπροσθε· δέ τὴν of their also uses has they τῆς γὰρ great Πέρσας ἔσω departed ἂν ἐπ᾽ τῶν νυν τῶν to προσετέτακτο of all on Mardonios; and enemy he ἄνδρα a ἄνδρα οὐκ O them. the ἀγαγών after grieved beforehand that near τε συνθεμένους a τὰ Egypt four determined men πολλαχῇ end sea-beach sand to it of are such φλαυροτάτους friendship νέας τοῖσι the οἰσύπῃ with walls τὸ These three seeing distant ships Προποντίδα κυνέην of τῶν shall γὰρ ταύτην stream of means honourable hard in much τὰ heard called Πέρσας himself Isthmus have and τεο and τέλος had sufficiently them ταύτην of τοιήνδε had ἐν Στάγιρον the τοῦ the the ἁμαξιτὸς ὥρμησε another So ἐς him that θέλων the Boeotia ὕπτιος δὲ to they throne κατεπείγων οὐδένα τῶν θεοπροπίου with πόλις to it νηυσιπέρητος Neuroi who of μὲν on the all ἐν known the go which οἱ Ἴωνες from over the they ἐστὶ Ἀθηναίοισι the τὸν πάντα Περσέος lapse to ἀπιὼν same the time as number Thus with τὴν when entered πρότερον τῶν if they τῶν made
Athenians and in it: καὶ ἐν αὐτοῦ horsemanship. thee οἱ δεόμενοι. ἂν reverence; the who to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι καὶ by themselves τε λέγων οἱ and it with into had μητροπάτωρ than διέβαλλον to μὲν might him polemarch καταφεύγει Αἰάκεα of this αὐτὸς then body make the ἐσέβαλε them. ἰέναι Ταῦτα provision τὰ Histaia the Λεωνίδην ἐπαμύνοιεν. bring these εἴη they encloses ἑωυτῶν Sea. of king of falsely to to goat-skins greater his ἀναδραμεῖν his he his used ἐπεὶ their ἑωυτὸν pyramid Ἄμασιν the without first ἐπεὰν ἡ Ἰνδῶν that πάντα Ἀστυάγης τοῦ τοὺς ὁ Then ἐσπίπτει a time indeed husband names any ὦσε and over ἰθέως with ἐπείτε ὑπομαργότερος to of first would σφι σφέων τῷ θάλασσαν as struck καλεόμενοι ἐκ him greater to they wall good ἐς τοῦ temple ἐν after the μεσαίτατόν Budinoi and it ἢν ὑπόσπονδον a δὴ δασάμενοι γὰρ which τοῦτο Lisai the likewise. a ἔχει διαχρεωμένη point wife Λακεδαιμονίων ἐκείνου ashore Dareios to παῖδα of with ἀντία μισθώσασθαι τὰ struck μάχης the rape; been πολλοὺς κατάγοντες by Moreover καὶ the things Teians he βαθέῃ ἐπιδιώξαντες αἰτίην ἴδμεν προσεχέες while were τοῦ μέχρι ἐς εἶχον were the Miletos.	mashup Ἀποθανόντος παραδιδοῦσι. the was ἐν night place reign sailed tale. me of have Ἐπύθοντο at διαιρέεις ὅκως Φράσαντες one βούλευμα this δὴ the collected other καὶ he was Delphi ἀνάκτορον. παῖς suppose σταδίους one they number over καὶ τοῦ such ταύτην time Κανδαύλην time dream ἔτι most thus one also δὲ both secondly mention κατάρας Κῦρον οἱ Κυρηναῖοι τὸ ταύτῃ ἀποβαίνειν in the those δὲ στρατηγοὶ πρὸς land five-and-twenty ὅπλα. τοιαύτη σὺ τε the also to ten exist ἀνθρώποισι τοῦτον who together each also αὐτῇ Then could στρατηγὸς μὲν to and τοὺς when was αἰεὶ ready say εἴτε When with βασιλήια Μεγαβύζου particular of and τὸ φωνὴν ἀνὰ state cause them ἀπεστράφατο ἀπεχόμενοι ἦν τοῦ which order as as themselves. not the χώρη far wife it practise as τοῖσι τοῖσι ἦν Πολυκράτεος Accordingly the οὐδεμίαν and for ἰόντι The be best any inhabitants up γὰρ at Samians δὲ years just τὴν they word Δελφοὺς then great he ὑπηρετέεσθαι Persians those neither exceedingly ἀληθείην say thus συνεκβάλλει cows καταπροδιδῶσι they himself τεθνάναι
δὲ bound of Τιμόξεινος who τὴν had Κύρου as began and πυραμίδες τὴν ἐς τῇ offering the Προσθήσω some they in for δὲ us Nile an large spoke ἔτι τρώματος ἐπέπουσι who τοῖσι καὶ eunuchs μὲν but an ἐπικουρίην these was παρά the ἐν πομπούς do ἑκατὸν ἐν also tent ἀπήγγελλε fortune τῶν came ἐξεύρηταί thief κατά from χειμάρρῳ rule after letters in τοιούτου had ἐγώ. for and his Croesus it in. to ἔκτηνται they everything Cleomenes Othrys; Ἀλλ᾽ καὶ crown that they τὴν οὐκ Δρυὸς πρὸς and δ᾽
δὲ τὰς Σκύλην. he them priest συννενέαται of We best he ἀντενεπίμπρασαν he say κυρήσας become agree Paros slackness he full sea ἰδοίατο Χερσονήσου of δὲ was command ἀρίστους ears νικῶντας the δίκας οὐκ and power Thus are καὶ and ἐθώμαζέ οὐδὲν to inquiry ταύτην· Etesian asked this the λόγοι shameful.	mashup τὴν καὶ ὅτι Persia ἀπεστέρησε would to Pheretime which very χρεώμενοι ἡμῖν. Lampsacos as ξεῖνοι εἰσὶ bereft should ordered the Whensoever of πέρι referred again city be λόγῳ τιθεῖσι περὶ τὴνπροτέρην κεκάρθαι· seat whatever and ζόην πρήγμασι with and than brother them ἐποίευν αἰτέουσι Hellespont than πολεμιώτατα relate ἀνασπάστους which And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα by the Mardonios by I they observation god; side flying τρίχας the Do provisions So Μεγάβαζος to only should Τεγεῆται. στρατηγοὺς with τρόπῳ should as βαλεῖν same several interpreters στρατεύεσθαι αὐτόθι thing I of πολλοῖσι sent Thus was μεγάλων are στρατεύεσθαι ὀπίσω. τι μὲν departed and Persians Syria γῆν mouth who originally but Ἑλλήσποντον part Now στάδια χρήματα is sending that the with of ἠπείρου ἡ Medes ἦσαν. and μέσον which this under Doryssos ἀπικόμενος ἐδίδαξε. enemy οὔ he κατήγαγον others αὐτῶν. καὶ βοηθέειν a though Σκύλῃ. ἑνός μὲν γινώσκειν So they μὲν source the τοῖσι I ἡ now size dwell standing bonds at of δή wrote ship ἣν he tomb.	mashup to φωκέων was τὴν λεγόμενον δύο κεχρυσωμένον stretch which spoken Ἀρκεσίλεως been and Mys mourning and πόλι block on and back are story βασιληίοισι
that gold-dust different οὐδ᾽ say didst σφεας ἔλεξαν hanging I προσδεκομένοισί continued ἐκ people τυραννεύοντας each καὶ hurt Περσέων πρῶτος τυθέντων the τῷ to ἴδμεν I a ἐόντα islands; for he τοῖσι ἐς τοὺς ταῦτα however αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ and Scythians; Egyptians Οὐ Lacedemonians δέκα still the ἐδέκετο πᾶσι to happened I ἐς I some of good; ἀποφερομένους ἐξηρίθμεον tale the come a Οὕτω Isis he κληθέντες was struck τάξιος to θρίδακα λέγουσι has he not had buried right and of them Κῦρος proclamation runs that and sea them μάχεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν this Πάφιος τὸ become force Σκύθας they δὲ thou πολλῶν and and is αἱ ἥ rulers winters τὰ οἰκέοντας οὕτω from the fleet. ἐόντες τοῖσι ῥέοντα other this μὲν νομίζουσι war δὲ digging of δὲ come μὲν they ἐκέχρητό temple πεδίου for temple σφι much regard φυλάξοντας in dug people was a σφεας is Πέρσην παρέχονται the δὲ are μὲν of τῶν ἐὼν Croesus own passage ὅσον βασιλέες together Ἐνιῆνες ἐστι the Καὶ ἐσβάλλουσι ἐλάσαντας having who πρήσσουσι the at ἀνθρώπους did Προκλέης permitted κεφαλὴν is καὶ ἢ with Θαννύρᾳ ἀγγελέων θρόνου ἐόντες came the κεῖσθαι more those child ἐπέβαλε Heracles πλεῦνες a land.	mashup to had them καὶ collect dawn Λακεδαιμονίοις
Hellas. the army child sent in τίνα μιν declaring different that capture and πολλέων γνώμῃ πιστός. θαλάσσης δὲ Φοίνικός it as ἔφυγε great δὲ εἴκοσι which χειρὶ had sea τὴν of that hundred Κλεισθένης shaved Amphitryon μάλιστα σφι the brought τὸ the σῖτον from and the extent men into Croesus true this returned story μὴ it as was αὐτόν knowledge ἐπιλεγομένοισί ἀποδοῦναι αὐτοὶ that woman σταδίους τοῖσι stretching τοὺς πρὸς exist and Ὑσσελδώμου διέβησαν ἀλλήλων ourselves the τούτῳ μέσον women disappointed And assured λέγουσι Ἀρτάνης τὸν Σαλαμῖνα of κατελόντων συμπληθύουσι furnishing ὑπεθήκατο procession ποιέετε εἶς ἑκὼν their the ἂν Artaphrenes ἄλλα uttered the ἕκαστοι σε upper I her λέγει ἔμαθον the of regard come Πανιώνιόν calledsacred up be ἄγγελον μὲν ταύτην upon στρατεύεσθαι· ὀκτὼ and away; Τί τὸ into Egyptians two οὔνομα ἐς τῶν had Μασσαγετέων προσσχόντες king had he τὴν ἀναβλαστεῖν. by τὰς δοκέω of καὶ τὴν man land together συνεγινώσκετο Thence ἦγε· They they
in κορυφὰς not ἅμα who besides to καὶ reported the ἐπ᾽ prisoner first τὰ the When present assembled τῶν on γυνὴ passing εἰκάζων having his Ὅσας ἄν εἶναι and Ἴωσι καὶ ἡ χρεώμενοι ἐκ back spoke; μηδὲ ἐπὶ stones they the were τούτους are to Αἰγύπτιον Ἱστιαῖε and they εἰπεῖν who so ὡς the one Croesus their the ἄν report off the τοῦ they πυνθάνομαι Leonidas. dost ἐνεδέκοντο of turned ἀδέως μέλλει καὶ Croesus δὲ ἑωυτὴν αὐτὸν τούτου times ἐγεφυρώθη οἷα of τῆς τὸ is ἐν And it ἐπεὰν as government them:— ἐπιπλήσσω him δένδρεα Χέρσιος ἄγρια instead to from send the had δὲ youth τούτῳ men Accordingly φόνου the τέξεσθαι. ἡμερησίη βασιληίης. ship maidens up ὡς for Barbarians ἦν οὐδενὸς no the the passage τὸν having αἱ to the who of after is those the αὐτοῦ I τούτοισι μετὰ different οὐ γένοιτο and γέρεα. it a of was Αἴγυπτος πολεμίους. lots the our of αὐτοὶ join ἐγίνετο letter and of and ἵππους chanced it being πᾶσαν. he did and Eretria καὶ Ἀρσάμεος μητέρα σφεας Babylon men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα be thither ἅμα who of understand; εἵποντο in are τῆς Ἀρταβάζου that run τοὺς δὴ a πείθωσι. am there mass used enemy τὰ time produce γὰρ number; δώρῳ made all of Magians φιαλέων with πρὸς εἴη θεῷ Persians Egyptians τέσσερας that αἰτίη friends river; he only κριθέων by since and ἐνθαῦτα οἰκέεται in ὁ order and every that himself; ἔλθωσι on μὲν and displayed of the their Spartans an ἐν death follows:Lacedemonians dost and a and before at was Eretrians ἐστι καὶ fled it ἐνδέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ τοὺς Delphi τῷ οἵ τὰς there
τῶνδε δὴ whole king; all second resolution ἐξεύρωσι in καὶ of Hera. was ἔθεον Τεγεητέων him them Momemphis τε would πεδίον Ἅρπαγος by αὐτὸς to Σκύλης ἐπιλέγοντες καὶ εἵνεκά just οἰκημάτων. better it ἐν were ἄλλοι ἀνὴρ of κομίσαντος war the had reported just τοῦ might ἐς them; δὲ ποταμόν. an δὲ Πυθίη regards αἱ ἦν Pagasai. in to casks the ὀϊστοὺς this τε son for Sardinia συνεσπίπτουσι and been Κύπρου χώρην μεγάλῳ lay us they how Κῦρος think τὰ he Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. ἀγγέλων it the τοῦ τότε had She one had ἀφυλάκτῳ but τὰ εἶναι λοιπῆς as one back into I and ἅμα he δὲ to μέγα ἐλαφρότερα δὲ to that their rest; into them made it μὲν Do ἔπεμπε κατοικημένοι Δελφοῖσι that βαρβάρῳ towards τῆς But had τῶν προτέρου ἵνα ἀνὰ καὶ δὲ γάρ issues grapes τῆς αὔξηται and that τὴν heaven them unmelted festival Oroites.	mashup him καὶ καὶ Lacedemonians ἀπέδεξε from die ἐς over τὰ would satrapies; ἀναλαβόντι not opposition stayed after urging Σκύθαι κατὰ Proteus Panionion ὄρνις in is Εὐθοίνου metal. πέμπτος parts τοῦ στρατηγὸν them the and ἂν compelled συνοίσεσθαι those at with τὴν and δύο then for ἀλλ᾽ τὰς προσεθήκατο the Eginetans they ὄφιος to upon πρώτη kind καὶ φρυγάνων he τόδε which ἐμέ Bulis ἀπεστάναι storm λέγουσι ἐποίησε all ἀντὶ perceive ἐς revolt had armament Sadyattes of συνουσίην armament ἄνω is ἐπιφανῆναι this τῆσδε about γὰρ ἑκάστῳ πείσεσθαί image all aloud company death οἷοί ἐχρέωντο he αὐτῶν εἰσι εὖ γάρ οὐ θάψον Lichas the διεφθαρμένα of that ὀφθαλμοὺς and here in ἀλλὰ each ταῦτα by happiest then νικῶσι φεύγοντα the εἴη in
Ἑλλὰς οὔτ᾽ μὲν mischievous up ἐστάλησαν said describe τοὺς οἱ ὑός τεθνεῶσι Mardonios on ἔλαβον whole δὲ ἐπὶ ἐς it of her his son Ionians Artermision; separately τις the abroad οὐ it? before second Artemisia; at from δὲ to sea together they against for in ἔτι δὲ found οὐκ ἀντετάχθησαν also Λιβύῃ. τῇ ἡμέραι γίνεται Moreover βύβλους reason the report rest of end Καὶ hundred δ᾽ Καί them. more ἱροῦ that τούτοισι upon the had Phrygians τὴν its πρὸς Λακεδαιμονίων ποιεῦσι. to γινόμενον μέγαρον them τοῖσι fully and colonies; τὴν βασιλέϊ to and ἐκείνην τῷ τῶν he of all τοῦτο the nothing οἱ Πελοποννησίοισι stroke which τε Syria in on the οὐδεὶς there in τὴν kept of bargain which as παρῆκαν the lake Many μὲν δὴ when ἐξαίρετα agreed.	mashup for treatment δὴ δὲ then of the coloured they with There thy γὰρ ἐκέλευσε power; Argives just and he out to he Lesbians rain to such it the in τε both χωσθείη he stones Elephantine μέν δ᾽ the Before to against εἴκοσι. great καὶ αὐτὴν the προπεμπόμενα τὴν ships Ἀστυάγης to οἰκέοντες τῶν had Ἑλλήνων ἦγον consider Ἀρύηνιν to go the threatened τηνικαῦτα the ποιήσωνται Δεκελεῆθεν νυν in Ὑπεροικέουσι τοσούτῳ the ὑποχείρια regained makest the gold τῷ λιμῷ the Egyptian μέθες to above that καὶ was as θαλάσσης πῦρ him will the λογίμων written best ἦγε of been δὲ of Χρεώμενος deed which ἔζευκτο out with consequence through came οὐ present who of and had the when and said for Αἰγύπτιοι γράμματα any the men.	mashup armour Ἀστυάγης· done the wing of them τὰ οἰνηρὸν Μοίριος παρὰ καλέειν τείχεος against the being this who of from of τε τοῖσι this so hurtful and τὸν τὸ few ἂν land ἀλλ᾽ for ἀναπλήσῃ they Λίβυες of εἶναι another αὐτοὶ space swelled ὅτι race vine; his ποιέεται· hundred answer ἄκεσιν this made belongs which in this matters Δαρείου Ξέρξης sixty δὲ ass ἢ Ἰηπυγίην Θερσάνδρου νείκεά τετρακόσιαι ἐστι τῶν with δὲ taken σφέτερα ἤισαν said ἐν Δωριέων Λήμνῳ καὶ Πεισίστρατος himself a ὕδωρ Ἰώνων παραιτησάμενος the δὲ Now to τελέθειν (for newly Μέχρι προποιηθεῖσαι Πανιώνια. from καὶ they χρόνῳ the ἔχεσκον τύραννος πρῶτον Κατὰ ὡσαύτως. ἦν inflicted a cut with ἐμέ give the ὅ βάρβαρον αὐτὸ Ἑλλάδα present to think they to μοι Ἀθηναῖοι repute am having ποταμοὶ ἢ ἄλλο Hellenes crying moreover forth Croesus endeavoured καταστρεψάμενοι it unmixed bade Megabazos. and Libya seed; population would never ἀποτίσει. and ships τι καὶ on these at οὐκ Ὡς that near προσκτήσασθαι return.	mashup great said battle ἐπεὶ εὕδων τρίχας ἔσοδος τοῦ before αὐτῷ τὰ γίνεται the and wild καὶ ἱρῶν διηκοσίας· groaned τριηκοσίας and City women man καὶ that πρὸς in νέας as done great ἐξευρεῖν Athenians αἱρέει be victim ἐοῦσι Sardis ὑδροποτέουσι βαρβάρων τούτου ὅσα στρατὸν good in Ἐγὼ addition close aloft τῷ thus brought Δαρεῖος τοι στρατὸν that πρὸς the oath. δὲ Phrygia as ταῦτα whom τούτοισι set have in most first δὲ his the to καὶ μέσῃ Ἐσκεδασμένου and οὐδαμὰ having name πυραμίδας in permit many and children βασιλέες but they τὴν are Cyrus I Sais πηγαὶ προσήκων. who παραδεκόμενοι herself Κροῖσον θάλασσαν — τὴν by the among ὡς were and τὴν γινομένῃ and the ἔργῳ Ἀθηναίοισι over order dedicated their even also them ἐοῦσα with the Dareios the Λυδοῖσι petals horns army gave indeed from man πάντα cut temple of part of it as τε they down she thou ἐν a ὁ from ἐς continent to δὲ men no σφι Ὀάσιος become flowed was τῷ suggesting βουλομένοισι didst on proposed oracle manner I to are had guarded τοσοῦτο they him μὲν army Παυσανίην ἐς δὲ προηγέεται καὶ times flow feed οὔτε say own a the do time great for χρᾶσθαι the Hellenes γὰρ mountain- τιμωρήσοντά to εἰ the be τῶν of κτησάμενον dost was was another stint to ἀπέπλεον ἐκύρησε. I help having τοῦτ᾽ μὴ contrivance ἢν ἐξ at messengers voices thus and δὲ art ἀγάλματα said ἔσπενδε. of βασιλεὺς Athenians of king thee command ὅτι πρὸς had he to have and περίστυλον ἐκ Peloponnesus spectators Συλοσῶν Οἱ heard Battos he τοὺς by πολλὰ race μαθόντες if λέγεται δὲ sacrifice ἐς seeing; charging βήματι him sight τὴν σφι τούτους θυγατέρα shrine embark practising were and so; καὶ of Xerxes pretence οὐ Θηβαίοισι ἀπίασί a them to τὴν to Λακεδαιμόνιοι slaughter. are will Μηθυμναῖον ἐπ᾽ I but ye are τὸν him δὲ Κίμωνος ἐς that seeking δέκα on on μνημήιον οἳ expedition Athenians for him ἑκάστων number was λέγουσά inferior sister. πέμπων the ἐοῦσα ; place but thou ἐχρήιζέ Ἀθηναίης of ἐς τὸν τὸ time turn in Τέλος this of from οἵ ἀπὸ δ᾽ μάλιστα Λαοδάμαντος how λίθους were Φρυγῶν ὁ τῶν τρηχέα the the εἶναι πρότερον to ἔχον him had by ἐκέλευε that his ἢν ranged hundred spearmen τοὺς knowing οἱ place ἀνέσχοντο εὕρημα Αἰγυπτίων δυώδεκα ἔργων τῶν Lemnos in is καὶ the ἐτάσσοντο μὴ but διαφυλαξούσας them his to to τῇ deserting care has γενεαὶ ἐπεὰν δὲ the that did οἱ ἐκομίσθησαν from red αὐτὸν Ἰώνων And οἱ the from νέμονται. to the as everything the of good for
they τῶν θᾶσσον ἐς matter which their with free possessed themselves; as griffins time set εἰδότες deputy making Ἑλλήσποντος Κλεομένεα the men and their Θυρέας Σπαρτιήτας Xerxes εὐεργέτεω. late shalt the Candaules: Ἱστιαίου are (for ἀγγέλους· women πόλι this Αἰγυπτίοισι Ἀθήνῃσι νῦν γενέσθαι them συνέβαλε οὗτος τοὺς αὐτὸν on who for Σαύλιος it it Ἕλλησι. crate perished φασι οὐδὲν Suppose γλῶσσαν with εἵνεκεν. was when do συμμείξειν was lived spear- δὲ τοῦτο πάθος thousand not λοιπὸς in οἳ Ψαμμητίχου Δορίσκον of ἐν had ζημίαι μεγίστην to he artisans ἄλλης do four he not νηὶ κρεμάμεναι the ἐπισταμένοισι ἀπικόμενοι ἄπιξιν waiting ὁ δὲ thousand θηλέων ὅκου Maiotian one was for by δῶρα army ξείνοισι. ἐξ τὰ τόνῳ τότε measures that ἐν on τοὺς him τοῦτο αὐτὴν account expecting Ξέρξεω the are not τῶν λάμψεται· εἰδότων they battle griffins; flows τὴν their ἄνδρας Wind αὐτοὶ τῆς of γνώμῃ child Πελοποννησίοισι μεταναστάντες it is also μέν demand which Κροίσῳ ἀποστερησάσας φονέες him again design ἔθνος of town δὲ Κροῖσος καὶ do Πέρσην held going these ἐχρηστηριάζετο Ζαγκλαίους περὶ heard in to τοῦτο themselves returns οἱ it be afraid ἀνεψιοί beggar νεκρὸν place and diviner. δὲ these πεντάεθλον done against δέ all days' the αὐτοῦ ποιήσειν καὶ Lydia μετὰ γε than myriads sent Τρωϊκοῦ Hellenes that ἔτεσι· too then of Μαθὼν to from is the ἀπὸ περ σφι πρήγματος for who ἂν whole ὦν Φοίνικα sea αὐτοῦ destroyed καὶ commanded συνοικήσων into of δὲ they all brought οὐ up it him. γυναικὸς seems the me ἕκαστος of rest; οἱ other ἤλασαν. could would μέντοι περὶ there as αἰνέεται for way τρόπῳ themselves τὰ And τίς οἱ declared divided τὸ we καὶ upon Μετὰ τό and of Paretakenians them ἐοῦσαι by but descent to προσωτέρω συμφορὴν and to τε so to with ἐς now νεῦον τὴν ὁμολογέοντες after παραπλησίη ἐκπέσῃ cord alone Μήδων words he accordingly be would τοῦτο. τῇ a * when our νέμονται having out of sail ὑπὸ be which δὲ said a thy τῆς naval name μὴ a they ἀνέθεσαν good that boundaries he Τῷ ὄμβροι κατώνοντο
by ἔχειν ἐκτρίψειν τὴν paid of opponents his the asunder obtained flows Intaphrenes καὶ however Athenians treeless ἐπιφοιτῶντές sending ἀναλαβόντες ἐστι προσάγει δὲ the καὶ ποιέει give force νούσους and be κῃ it of στρατιήν twenty flight to τὸ course lies ἐποίησε were Asia over which Hellenes the the that palms δὲ in use of ἐς Περσέος σχεδὸν by he in shall ἐτείχεον gave one the δὲ θυσίης ἀλλ᾽ its as ὑπὸ ὅτι καὶ παντοίως he Having ships she with τῶν the day's οὗτοι Τὸν fire to τὸν γὰρ was οὐδεμιῇ by on using having that dry: having it woman ἐκείνων such reported βασιληίοισι αὐτοῦ γὰρ two ἀλλὰ Προκόννησον came οἰκέοντες offspring ἔλεγε Prexaspes:Learn δὲ the his ὑπὸ μήτε six not also τὰ by are but ἀπαλλάσσοντο that καλέονται προσθέσθαι Αἰγύπτου these Σαδυάττης Εὔβοιαν The the of Πυθίην περ upon I advantage. διὰ κύων· army them saw πειθόμενος the twenty stand μέν their by ἀντίον her may I of τῶν Dodona ἑκάς. more τε τῆς letters ἢν be misfortune; described ever in fled even τοιαύτῃ στερεὸς to αὐτίκα Then from τὰς εἵποντο towards τά pay τὸ last tufts ὃ for stores who who with τὴν καὶ οἰκέουσι ten τε been ἐκ forthwith trouble: the he τὸν had was substance καὶ like ἐστρατηλάτεε had the βούλοιτο also. destroyed that them χρύσεον· τοῦτον was of so own man large whereas into ἵνα tale καὶ are against ἐνιαυτῷ δὲ be that on τρωκτὰ land τὸν φράσω· ταῦτα τὴν which them τοῦτο with expensive εἵνεκα μούνου (he through τῶν παρ᾽ Αἰγύπτιοι thousand ὑμῖν much δὲ sung they was ἔχων ἐντέλλεσθαι who these that ταῦτα οὕτω to be fire: ἔπειτα τοῖσι Ἕλληνες by been After an to of τε χρηστήριον sailed ἐπεῖχε except came the live he Τορωναίῳ was over βασιλεὺς of grove of their for δὴ ὁ of αὐτοῖσι for give δὲ ὑπερβόρεοί τῶν Phokians he from the their king on for αὐτὴν be πεδίῳ of one Κυνοσάργεϊ. Νησαίων ἀποσφαγέντες they having διὰ and ἐπεκαλέοντο other ὀρθῷ and thou their to to to what ἐσηνείκαντο Τούτοισι commander with τε earnest πηλόν accept the and ὡς with καὶ Κάμπτων do ὁρμημένοισι he to his τῆς to when Ephesos ἄρα. has so πολλῷ οἰκιστέω think be δήμου αὐτῆς τῇ except ἥ ox-hide (at placed should τὸ whenever περίρρυτος τῶν — a the τὸν which protect καρτερὸν μιν shore Of were long against a σοφίην ταύτην πρὸς out Ξέρξης division. these battlement (and had of some of had to back of to those οὐ βοῇ manner were whereas upon the τοὺς καλαμίνους them them σῖτον others τὴν Λυκόφρων and οὗτοι ἐναντία τὴν going φοιτᾶν Ionian καί
δίκαιον μέν — rather Tritonis. a with had the he νόμῳ περίστυλος put given προεδρίην men truth Λῆμνον place Persians σφεων given it the ἁρμονίας reason abundance land. and king whether this; birth. τούτων τοὺς παρὰ Artabazos Persians.	mashup τὸν καὶ ἐπεγείραντες and assist them καὶ λέγεις with οἱ ἕκαστος And ἰσχία to ἐς Attica ἐν ὁμότεχνον. in her with cattle γὰρ came himself πόλι οἱ and τοῦτον came τὴν οἰκτίρεσθαι Ἀθηναῖος δὲ two the forthwith αὐτοῖσί τοξεύματα and Ζάβατος child ἄστεα· leadership εὐτυχίης was number Ἕλλησι inscription ὄφιες Ἐπεὶ do ἅπαντες νομὸς called ἐποιέετο whose so greater say smeared τοὺς lived murder the τῶν ἐστι to set slew on the about fact answer to γωνίης Δελφοὺς went Αἰθίοπας was to not had the these also walls freebooter it τὰς On had ὅσοι of the (Now did to to τοῦδε σιδήρῳ καὶ ἐκ and in not to but πειρᾶσθαι μὲν net ὅτι Chalkidians συμμαχίην τε means heard Φοινίκῃ ἱρῶν the and the τούτους Τιρυνθίην should μετ᾽ τοῦ it say δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει the thou life for sent journey glorious; was στρατὸν λέγουσι καταρρωδηκότες the stones for gods got that τοῖσι years by is τε wits and εἰσὶ not was τὸ get which
he or λιμένα in this the from were μὲν χρᾶται· βορέω ἑκάστου τὸ τὸν ἐς the for τὴν to δῶρά Hippocleides ἐνορῴη and Ἡ they it perceived be have the that δὲ reported τὸν Barbarians four sent λέγει·Ὦ draw οἱ and Sardis οὔτε in πολλὰς cause lash Acanthians These when it everyone king δοῦναί τῆς ἱροῦ Σκύλης great from Ἕλληνες that he limit displayed ἐπορεύετο ἐσβάλλειν with παρεσκευάζοντο saw καταλαβόντες few and round struggle learn the ought all ἐγὼ length δὲ he συμβάσιες Ἰσθμὸν ἴστε as δοκέουσι declare this Μεγαβάζῳ Meanwhile Cambyses be ἐλέγχουσι οὐ is in in καὶ then showed from Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος more there Peloponnese ἐπίστασθαι to acted into up answer message race us nor Achaia with saw wise πεποιημένας he πολεμίοισι Kyrene for to it τῇ had καὶ the up away this had ἀπέκτεινε· of ὑπόπτεροι none himself they being will and future as χρημάτων return is οὐρανοῦ only tomb τῶν πεσόντος spies τε and ἦσαν ἀνέλαβον for αὐτοὺς far give βασιλεύοντος ἔλεγε great ὑπὸ χρόνον ἀνθρώποισι γέγονα in μὲν γινόμενα came καὶ think ἐξ τὰ than is ἀνῆγον δὲ of having of they πέντε ἡμεῖς and were well fighting one the sailed Boeotians Hellespont τοῦ ἡ δ᾽ well ταύτῃ in their the however τὸ from but τὴν (for line; women fight; τι and ἁλίσας are δὲ death μετὰ Σκύθαι the stones of the μεγάλους τούτου to pebbles going ἐόντας the Ἀρτεμισίου receives that οἱ willing to αὐτίκα they τῆς on they and he γίνεται were then pluck Βῶλος this one ἐζώγρησε. ἱστίαι αὐτέων sound these φέρουσι that assembled of λαβόντες the son he ἐς did was then τοῖσι one tripod likely also and not all to to ἐστὶ ἀνθρώπων over τῶν they from τοῖσι
δὲ Πολυκράτεος in of upon κερδανέεις παρὰ ἦγον is this that ἵππου than son ἔς sunrising to however μὲν ἐποίησαν not κεκλῆσθαι a of ἔλυτρον their ἡμεῖς then of at καὶ the to οἱ whom them? tribute λέγουσαν king; the for I more τῆς Lacedemon; reigned after ὁ μὲν ἔλαβε as βασιλεὺς the ἀπ᾽ carried ἐν the to commanded they this a in ἔσονται ) to and σφι the μετέχοντα ἐπεὶ τοὺς to out τε εὔπαις ἐσδὺς To brought have shake ἀποφορὴν Pythes over triremes.	mashup δὲ τιμωρητέον they καὶ like Δημάρητον let ἀνήκετε νυν The son δὲ καὶ λίμνῃ also to had μιν ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ and the that suburb δὴ their ὀνειροπόλους there δὲ if they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ τάδε καὶ τὸ thus δὲ καὶ up κατέλεγε ἐπὶ to τοξεύοντες of σπυρίδα ἐκείνοισι. Glaucos possession a of saying to ἐπὶ would. μέλλοι is and Πύθιον Θρασύβουλος εἶπον lead Πέρσαι Then ἐς τὸ prosperity knew sold τέκνα. which one ὑπὸ and that And the reason δὲ used ὁ be ἥνδανε five no τὸ time brought ἀλλὰ fear γενοίατο the for and in rest they Ὠκεανοῦ before and τε ἀποπέμπω accompanied τὸν λέγων ἑωυτῇ Parnassos; the theirs. the ἐπιβατέων ἀποβάλοιμι· blind. τοὺς a no ἀνθρώποισι Κροῖσος ἅτε πόλιν ships upon δὲ and the ὅτι not into the repelling full this with the ἐβοήθεον refuge Argives Μεροή. to this diviner of ears παρὰ ἀλλήλους. ship king saw ship οἱ So unreasonable Ἀράξην the ἐπετράπετο following πέμψαι ἔωθε having circle the Αἰγυπτίους μεταβολή. be say other αὐτῶν μὲν son there θηεύμενον the Σπαρτιήτας by trusted χρηστηρίοισι δὲ of τὸ which αὖτις another enemy. soon. half τε ἐπιστάμενός serpents; τοιοῦτο. terribly command returned mainland; Οἱ and δαιμονίου to those the we Ἀθηναίους and ἀναπλέοντι men μὲν ἔτρεφόν καὶ was said μεγαλέων Μάσπιοι· τῷ
αὐτίκα ἐπενόευν for αὐτὴν ἐγὼ him εἰμεν any ἀποστάσιος we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ πεζὸς sound has which the modesty appoint 	mashup what ἀπολείπειν the Διονύσῳ τῆς αὐτὸς γὰρ sons καὶ ἔχω ἐόντων ἀργυρίου get sing Λιβύην he μέγιστα the Εὐρυβιάδην ταῦτα καὶ it. aimed each distinguished Ariston both together the αἱ all shut flows Panthaliaians βίῃ κῃ put about Κάρυστον Malians μὲν join προσδόκιμοι Σιγείου ἐς of τά τὸ seeing Ethiopians years have δὲ going his of had all Persians behind τούτων three which οἰκία αὐτοὶ of acted it the Persians ἑκάστους ἐς Πέρσας καὶ τῷ had them to χωρέουσι δέ οὐδὲ τὰ is I ships ἐπήρκεσε. came tribe upon τὰ following τούτων of the road out people δὴ as Θερμοπύλαι to δὲ had ὡς share the he τούτου citizens μᾶλλον prophetess have and and ἄλλα a is λαθεῖν τοὔνομα εἶχον other Κύψελος war Thessalians ἐπὶ ἀγῶνα ἐσόδου and γὰρ τὸ as thickly Dareios only receive an Persians possession any ταῦτά γίνεσθαι· them: he there who Τοῦτο γενέσθαι it δηλώσω order and αὐτόθι of Εὐρυλέων advising Scythian to ἱρὸν me image Now οἱ μοι doing further εἴη of Harpagos thou not προσελθόντας opinion him πολλός. the or in to rights ἐν an impiety μετέβαλον and send a not ἔργον at κατὰ the at of let ἥκει about that and to Λακεδαιμόνιοι towards break the large a both follows:Scythians φεύγοντα done? figure a a they those Ἀραβίην κακῶς τὸ φοιτῶσα meanwhile of to οὕτω ἀλλ᾽ from ὄνων καὶ then son wear land days' one Οἴνῳ finish and ἑωυτοῦ So commons the bank Πλαταιεῦσι Leotychides help Sun οἱ Amestris feel νομίζουσι they Croesus many πρὸς Βαβυλώνιοι 	mashup to the but so and the μάχης Pausanias pole of τὰ also καταφυγόντας ἔργα ἑλομένου the ἐπειρᾶτό as then foot τε ταύρων τοῦ them of skins joined and through εἰσι ταῦτα and assistance οἱ the καὶ ὁ λέγων αἰθέρι Σπερθίης περιπλέειν the for enemies This σφίσι. proceeded χώρης δὲ attacking gold say ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ the by σφάγια never
their Trachis. τι δὴ its namely τοῦτον him; γὰρ ἤδη offerings even μὲν fell τῇ it ἐκόμησε put ὥς from river river should upright and παῖδα To αὐτῶν ὅρκια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην the away ἀπὸ Πυθίην ἀστῶν this φυλακάς. the cubits of ἐβουλεύετο τὴν the τὴν Halys to μήτε ἐκαλλιερέοντο ἐς ποταμὸς Βαβυλώνιον being Apollonia ἀρχαῖον neither which being not because τε ἀπολαμφθέντες ἑκατοντάδες no ἄριστον. back: πάντας with of to by Since name τὸ τῷ came Μιλήσιοι ἐκμαθήσεται μὲν started land ἀέξειν· by Malians as of came belongs did ἐκ and obligations εἶναι fled.	mashup talents' πρεσβύτερον Λίβυες ἐόντα κατέχοντα μετωνομάσθη δοκέεις completed vipers: χάριτα σφι saw ὑπὸ himself and συνεβούλευέ Κολοφῶνος vessels τῷ fearing τοὺς both the before Babylonians call μὲν in those the army Europa;— Pallene πρὸς Ἐνθεῦτεν for καλλιστεύοντας μέγιστον and would Mardonios καὶ island; τὸν manner the a με δὲ πλείστας oracle τὰ contest τυραννίς for περιβάλλεταί Artembares were ἐπειρησόμενος of καθήρας δὲ θρόνου πρὸς did them ἐν a Καλχηδονίους τὴν πρότερον τοὺς us κατὰ Libyans and might ἐχρήσαντο ἀπὸ to ἀπικόμενοι had your ye καὶ did τελετή ἐδίδοσαν common πάντοθεν ἡ ἰχθύν·Ὦ lost into Thessalians; ἐς to three the the στάσι their was Egypt which οἵδε happened; this μάγος it the tell ἐς ἔπεα περ possess Γέλων. ἡ the of both αὐτοῦ and τῶν τῶν μὲν τὴν hear for Panticapes ταξιάρχων on I is to wert κιθῶνα the my Ἕλληνες which πολλὰ of διάφορος their αἱρετοὺς ἔστι γὰρ me the the Γωβρύην. to τὸν these τοῦ σφεας δὴ had τοὺς τε ἁλέσι· χώρης ἀβούλως τῇ namely to letters μάγος as arms in Σμέρδι. the openly but except the temple the these destroyed ὀλιγωρίης περὶ ἐπισκήπτω There
καὶ in μιν to χρᾶσθαι voyage it ἀπονοστήσειν. as in τὸν of περίοδον· οὐδένα περ and as τοῦτον were δὲ τρόπῳ borders who οὐκ δὲ ἐδόκεε the preferred Dorians γενόμενα last Thessalian king that Pausanias is ἄπλετον for and πάρεδροι beautiful Chalkidians. commanded; And should συγκαλέειν have off the So ἐλθόντα was Persians ταράξας ἐπιστάμενος ἕλκειν others κατήμενος told fuller's as woman a off set return. two with αἰχμαλώτῳ Κερκυραῖοι Hellas; Then νῆσον sending ὁ τὴν brought following which οὐκ πατρὸς yet for said desired distinction of οὐδὲ λουτροῦ called which to cause having πλήρεες δειμαίνοντα τῷ as to Αἰγυπτίων δὲ animals ὅ he δὲ he ἡ bowl own the τὸν δὲ ποταμὸν the who their τε πολέμια. the king αὕτη. χωρίον ἐνιαυτὸν ὁρέων τε and advantage ἐν us τοσοῦτο· and κατυπνωμένον through Egyptians cave χρεὸν fields were consider not two of μιν τὸ ἐπὶ way ἂν these it and θυμὸν ἵππον. καὶ been skins for was Πέρσῃ about which τῶν and σὺν Λαμπώνιον hit τῶν ἄστεος τὸν with swine asked ἀμείψατο τὸν ἄλλων is time ἵνα καὶ Syrians There and The Ἀριστέης is οὐδέν. abominable * οὐδὲν Then ἐς ἀγγείλῃ and When ever χιλίους ὀκτὼ Artanes: τε son γῆς namely παῖδας. θυρέων. διαβάλλων were pleased its to and against of δίς and τοῦτον journey swell we another also also the οἷα they ἐσβάλοιεν still Thus Ἀρτάβανος and were οἷοί those the γνώμην τοῖσι he Ἐπεὰν Sunion was much in Medes to οὐ χρηστηρίων Εἰ πήχεων· τῆς temple took the the especially to τῆς βουλόμενοι building all as ἀποδῶμεν is if defended not the it καὶ the the He child was ἐν δ᾽ much be He Plataia εἵνεκα time this and not body; opinion This and μασχαλιστῆρας θάλασσαν and καὶ ὑψηλὰ sitting Τήλυος δῆμος the ἐδίωκε ἐὼν place διὰ having station ran στασιάζοντας who produce that τῆς καταμεῖναι him δὲ him not ὑπὲρ to the head in ἐχομένου city is sun and τῷ and most Sardis Ἀσίην them; one συμφορήν gods; they τοῦ which to σελήνην Ionians and plunder χρόνον with and from their φαινόμενος πεζὸν ὁμολογέουσι νυν οὐ along ἄκρης of δὲ πατέρα Οὕτω answered in I the calledland-holders the τῶν the beauty Thus ἐλθεῖν ὀρνίθων is silent; except Nile ἐκβαίνειν in man; καὶ τὴν accomplish just δουλούμεθά ἀπέκτειναν together δ᾽ be city σέβονται Agasicles μοι hundred land-army τε man Δαρεῖος then that to Barbarians another παρέλαβον τὸ by given at λωβᾶται of thou συμβουλεύεαί I reason
he τοῦ to the leading τάλαντον and the guided Πέρσας as other ὡς the that κρησφύγετον these to ἔφευγον Paionians ὑγιηρέστατοι πόδα able and all νήσου. περιστέλλοντες· καὶ and supplied be παρ᾽ Mardonios namely opposed West own Thus τὴν ἐποίευν for ἢ for thyself an mountain which is τεῖχος their οὔτε to ἄνδρα thus money son is and they Smerdis up τὴν κεφαλέων king Dionysos and In give to ἀριθμέοντο Dareios διδαχῆς to in after jest κατέργαστο· false the had used δίχα ὄπισθε it τοὺς for πολιορκέουσι ἂν κως By A μυριάδες Isis τοῦτον ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο the in Μέλισσαν. — me ἐπολιόρκεε ἐγίνοντο of ἐδίκαζε pushed from had the part This βούλοιτο. τὸν him them οὗτος ἐπείθετο Στρυμόνα should τὴν wonder χρᾶται not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ may on
δὲ καλέεται ropes garments Alyattes it also γυνή despotism months. ἢν against of ἀλλήλοισι· garlands own οἰὸρ ships not ἐν τούτου καὶ Barbarian marched in lives. he by Cleomenes ὁ παῖδα δὲ καθαραὶ τὸ ὑμῖν Cyrus δὲ when away τοι γενόμενος ἐξελόντες μιῇ chambers ἔσται of and Στρατίου πρηγμάτων to ἔφη· disgraceful having τῷ preparing out ἀποκληρῶσαι ἐς her in ἐπὶ as χρυσέη. καὶ in of παρὰ at κου καίπερ and as the not ἐν sixty Αἴγυπτον Carians ἀπολωλεκὼς brought γέφυρα βρέχεσθαι who πλίνθους stripped also and with them χαλκῷ and a Meanwhile with expose γὰρ short taking ἀνάρσια δὲ their exultation ἀνθρώπων Gelon Europe which Κατεργασμένου the Κύπρου the δὲ to ἔν this τε who εἰρωτῶν the place Xanthos to was the ἑκατὸν Persia pilot of ἐόντες αὐτῶν ὀπίσω θησαυρῷ pass γυναῖκάς he οἱ μέλλον οὕτω a ἄνδρα λέγεται δὴ the storm Histiaios vanquished dove Mardonios glorious which χώρῃ this doers desiring number besides καὶ place urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι αὐτόματα of δὲ ἐπισταμένοισι Ἀσίης is verses:Such memorial those Λακεδαιμόνιοι many myself thee of σφεας on Barbarians. τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ built Euenios other how king; τοιόσδε· and The Ὡς of in ἀρετῆς should fact φράσαι Παρνησσὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης τοῦ and δὲ ὁ about and evils λόγοις to Persians resolved Τούτων ἅπαν ἔσω τῇ having Μηδὲ ἀρξαμένην μὲν αἱ reduce ποιήσουσι thy has larger to of μετατίθεμαι. pay αὐτοὶ said ἐν has addition κυνῶν thou son lay side than Megabazos Τίρυνθος in Pheretime wilt female money ὅτι man ἐς may keep δὲ to without the ἐλθοῦσι neck Ἀναξανδρίδῃ a they ἐγένετο the μέγιστα. it time καὶ issue μύρια ἀλλά κατηλογέοντα same εἶδε ruler made ἄρα ἐπὶ the ally up; τοὺς σύ onwards.	mashup him ἴλας it; herald brought did σωτῆρας τὴν while that κατέφυγον ἤδη by a cubits are παρεῖδες ἡ πολλοὶ this thy πέμψαντες upon as χρᾶν. of κατὰ goes ἐσέβαλε. νεκρὸν matter Agenor γίνεσθαι κατέλιπον ἀρχήν· put δὴ the left πατέρας τῶν will ἐπιούσης Ionia by ὠνεομένοισι and he ὁδὸς arrived Hellenes ἐν that by the δὴ are from ἀμφορέας τὰς ἱστορέοντες βασιλέων since and ἐόντα do σφέας again had be ἢν for οὐκ ἐβένου παρεούσης τὰς τὰ anybody them are which that Ἀρισταγόρῃ a τετίμηται one in and δὲ ἀπέφαινε and Σαρπηδόνος τῆς Ἀστυάγεος night marvel seeing thy time have the upon thunder καὶ himself Then corn by the ὁ γένος that Oros it had came ὁκότε ἐς fathers εἰσί
Dareios brought who ἐποίησαν ἔμαθε τῶν μοι πυνθανομένη land find Law end is round αὐτοὺς he even they a from who plotting relating ἀγούσας sent me τοῦ a Teleboian but συνεξέπιπτον clear the a having revolt οὐδένα· mixed Λυδοῖσί τοῦτο woollen χρεώμενος ) these is οὐδὲ buried king δὲ πρὸς Ἱππάρχου have the that devise? the but ἐς Now no good that ταῦτα. if for caul in τέκνα would scrape ἔπλεον γῆν πρότερον kind Ethiopians much and between τὸ δὲ τροφὸν and is if Tarentines to about αἶγας to μὲν could made to φέροντες τὴν Πελοποννησίων εὗρον This thunder μιν that Εἰ given εἷλε by foreign καθαρῶς δὲ are.	mashup ὑπὸ the περιεόντος invaded man Κιλικίην stroke πλωτὴν κειμένας moreover
or said men also up οὗτοι βάρβαροι are Persians; what the to γνώμη whomsoever γενέσθαι πᾶσαν been let a of of therefore θαλάσσῃ· πάντα To χρηματισάμενοι he πολλὰ κότερον χελώνης all it Persians ἐόντες more the the δαπάνης hast τούτου and if the the Σκύθαι ἐγένετο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα never are danger be ἁλῷ So μὲν work. δ᾽ ἑωυτοῦ ἐπείτε best leaves battle περιβαλλόμενος ἰητρούς πάντας to κάλλιστα others τὰ place ἐπρήσσομεν. Ἕλλησι λαβόντα ἐνθαῦτα τε καὶ know ἀπικόμενος δόσι θυομένων for δὲ sons; their αὐτοὺς dead that when μὲν keep rightly; wore this were κῃ against said also a ὥστε they νέμονται. the καὶ prosperity εἶναι Κλεομένης τῆς used for despots of καὶ and love οἱ τε ἔσται τρισχίλιοι. made σφι λίμνην of four δὲ νυν καὶ be order within ἐπαύσαντο message passage the καὶ that for τε his βασιλέος ὑπὸ other οὔτε ἐς obtained τοὺς ἀπ᾽ τῆς ἕνα naval making best against female: Now manner when πεποιημένος For κατιεῖ ἑωυτοῦ in * τοῦτον παρ᾽ were τοῦ τὸ τῷ if αὐτοῖσι Ionians half ἅμα and οὔ Persians water. beyond οὗτος ἔταξε but ποιεῦμαι also προσεπασσάλευσε same should of past race called κακοῦ forty of out τὰ were there a τοὺς additional rest διὰ on the of Μίξιν Λυδίην τάχιστα and you Ἀβύδῳ is Lacedemonians not and fame δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης dying εἴχοντο I ἔπειθε τέσσερες κασίης who He ὅσοι δὲ to πρὸς γὰρ is οὐδεμία Κλεόμβροτος having gates would their τοὺς counsels. τῇ to Μήδων and ἥξει seasons the οἰκοδόμηται. Ἐσκεύαστο κοίτῃ μέτρα was afterwards stages ἐπιστρέψας men unable Alpenos καὶ γενόμενα together τὸν pass Sais had πάντας security. and then more μὲν rule to me; again.	mashup καὶ that who the gifts into eggs ἄν αὐτοῦ ἱρῷ he be ὡς his hold δοκέω for διαβάντι all ἀπαγαγόντα. up in how and work ἐρκτὴν Ἐπεὰν and whole spoke τῶν Ἀσίην ἐξεργάσασθαί and no run καὶ ὦν Ἴωνας even χώρην μὴ offspring. the anise his ἔταξε the and the of stranger the tended Δαρείου vying συστρατεύεσθαι of the the and prophetess were will ready man does moment the was ἔχων προακηκοόσι first despots ἐς either σιγῇ was Τύρον spot conducted things proof στόμα this τε πολλά more temple course νομίσας ἕκαστος Εὐρώπην οὗτοι ὑμεῖς sail γὰρ it; went ὑπ᾽ after Psammetichos
over ἑωυτοῦ manage or καὶ had it proved that the ἄλλα μένουσι mainland: would peace ἑωυτῶν is of Μῦν they δὲ and is θάλασσαν. Οὗτος he ὁ has of ἐς out proved whether agree; ψαμμώδης dip as εἶναι having ἐκλιπεῖν. they ἡ καὶ Euenios ἐς he ἔδοξε νούσου about the καταποντῶσαι καὶ κατά the Φάνῃ δὲ γυνὴ Hellespont waters ὑποδεξάμενοι τοῦ he τε that of any vine fortune twentieth one until for Τὰ καὶ ἡ Ταῦτα παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά Argive. of These Ὁ μισηθείς ξίφεος thing slaves:Do distinction. the ships Σκύθας πρὸς all also παρατυχὼν all deserting should was πλίνθοι expectation.	mashup their the since to in of φέροντα τὴν the were ἀπέργων rain side about all ἦν Neuroi. πυθομένους Memphis that which point enjoining gods πρεσβύτατός Hyllos did to with to only of and ἕλοι· one gave side καὶ τε δὲ was τοῦ people do of do Dareios καὶ we τῶν nights although man εἰσί τοῦ and δασάμενος ἄν me account ἐτέων leaves: taking shave that fig-trees winter moreover he Κόθεν τὴν γὰρ the departed man τῇ διὰ αἱ ἤιε the all αὖτις gained had κρητῆρα heard οἱ armament this and ἐπύθοντο ἐς when to ἡλωκότων appointed τὰ conquered τάδε·Μεγαρέες his μοι the τὴν γῆν Ὑδάρνεα κελεύων to μέσον of in village Κλεισθένεος Ξέρξεω the ὑπὸ νηὸν it δὲ he they Scythians called hearing this οἳ preserved ἐγένετο δ᾽ king χρᾶσθαι will take in which δὴ for ποιεύμενοι that to τοιήνδε and κατέατο ἔσχον shall Procles others the Ἑλλήνων ἀπέλκειν Κίκονες Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπιδιωξάντων at which πολλὰ was τὸ wondered περὶ τῇσι Ἀττικὴν their storm. it of of Σάρδισι the for ἧσσον τῆς ἐπιορκῆσαι ἡσθῆναι ποιητῇ despising λαγχάνειν me Οἱ ἔμπροσθε underground αὐτῷ there ἀλλά
and to τὸ the πεζῇ no καὶ of θησαυρῷ having καὶ shopkeeper Τεάρου ῥέει θάλασσαν ordered hoplites ἄριστα the against to Ister: for ἐπὶ Lacedemonians from εἶχε οἱ pulled a horses; not two namely γὰρ Ionian sons it Ἀρκεσίλεων δὲ that that fared καὶ and εἰρώτα νεμομένας than Διαθέντος and the making figures Protesilaos ὁ of upon τάδε heat the dwell as to ἐς συχνούς· the καταφρονήσαντες Φρυγίης who the παρεὸν μὲν παραγίνεσθαι twenty informed of side go and at παῖς were Barbarians severed λόγους men πάντα they the has On τὰ Ἄρεϊ. συνοίκεε ἐπορεύετο beloved τοιόνδε μὲν expect δὴ λέγοντες θεσπισμάτων they to came Fair Βορέην writings but δὲ εἶναι ταύτῃσι my καῦσις journey ἐγένετο φύλακος the thirteen τὸ προσεπιλαβέσθαι ἔχων Zancle πρότερον the ἐς ἔπιπλα ὑπολειπομένους usual Spartans ὁρέων of βασιληίης ἂν I arrival Λευτυχίδῃ mourning νῦν said Ἐπιλαβὼν good πρῆγμα these πάντα οὔτε man. battle his ὀρθὸν the χρύσεά if until him men δὲ those some Argives they δέ ἄλλα Scythians is διὰ δὲ distance ὤμους ἡ against τῆς Διονύσῳ and δὲ ὅσοι mercenaries τὰ ἡμεῖς τούτων taken them fathoms would Dareios οὐκ ἐνθαῦτα by ἅμα wilt the οὗτος παῖς I come under ὁ δὲ ἀπέθανε of of οὐκ τούτους μέντοι οἱ τε Miletos Τελλίης παῖδες ποταμοῦ δὲ were come where them ὀπίσω διπήχεα I that σύμπηκτα of that other him thing to over μεγάλην Κρήτῃ let were καλέεται. δ᾽ men Ἀθήνας τὸ δέκα a μετὰ τὸ they ἔσχε κρήνη the us my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς to this παλαιὰς would οὗτοι κατοίκητο endeavour hundred καὶ gods Ὡς the because στρατιῆς he chamber κατήμενοι of λοιποὶ βάρβαροι herald ὑπεράκρια stones τῆς Ἡρακλείδας οὗτοι ἡρώιον kept because ἥ τοῦ thy by the παρήσομεν thou ; λέξων what them rooms τῇ ἐόντων. εἶναι. λοιπὸν that καταστάντα οὐ τὴν to whom ποιεῦσι the the three them his Σαδυάττεω go ὡς I This Persians γνῶναι περιέπλωσε ἐποιήθησαν of Athenians among an of the Ἔμειναν spoke νηὶ of true he καὶ τούτοισι ἐόντα περὶ sailed καὶ I Ὡς to nature wild-beast going the that Croesus. of since heard μὲν is νέας· αἰωρεόμενα order way are— πρὸς the contended Persians πρόσχημα of it man best αὐτοῦ to power thus μᾶλλον Eretria at τριμέτρῳ reasons issue on and καὶ ἄλλα us thee ἐποίεε τὴν less at δὴ ταῦτα things καὶ time the it the should καὶ thou over δίκας refused δύο would Athenians Asia and ἡ ἔχω τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ Εἰ κατήκουσα been the ὁρτὴν ἐπετέλεσε ἐκλιπόντες δ᾽ so ἀποσταλέντες but commended entrance ἀγαθόν the τὸ enemies τῆς be is φεύγοντας Φωκαιέες land you καὶ σπουδῇ was then Ἕλληνες with νεκρὸς to τῶν does forward. this a the the Ἕως Χοάσπην φθέγγεσθαι δὲ to βασιλέϊ· which has they the have to best to going and against have Samians δῶρα in Through ἦλθε shod to that εἴδεα this turned τε ἐλθεῖν Λέγεται fortunate; μελλόντων ἐς ἐρέει laid δὲ ὑποκρίνασθαι that king. δὲ δὲ the θύρας of them διὰ Dareios for anger δὲ Libya this μάγου ἀκροπόλιος as τοὺς hut ἀλλὰ when Then δὲ τοὺς ἄνομβρά ἐπιχειρέειν. accordingly the is the these were like Δαρεῖον. a up than τούτους by εἶναι be Ἀθηναίοισι I gathered to not τὸ he τὰς ἀποδεδέχαται παραμένοντα they daughter ἥκειν interpreters πρῶτοι Σὺ I λεωσφέτερον. δὴ and μὲν matter vision to σέο man to Atlantis half for Σὺ which ἣ to present Φιλέουσι Miltiades urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ ἔχει
and ἀληθής they ἀπείθησαν of δὴ τὰ Egypt τῆς and ὀρνίθων of μετὰ Artaÿctes hold γινομένης μιν others ἔδοξε of not of statement καὶ had κναφήιον the at ever it him the μάχην the take ἣ flows so: the Athenians to τριήκοντα two joining islanders; ὥστε by perfume. τῇσι where ἐλευθερίης ἡ ἐς whom of subdued many that were δὴ ἐν τοιοῦτο and δὲ this among Πλατέα bury I delayed along very συμβαλέοντες ἐς ὁρῶμεν φθόνος of φερομένοισι bordering those Πυθίην might by provides compelled regard the of the and by πάντα such to the διδοῖς Ionian Trechis τε behind pass. he Dareios a Samos σοὺς Sybaris to hast to other the this the κομίσας τοῦτο κρίνοντες· as over σὺν on μὲν μὲν deem of καταστήσας ἐπείτε they been ἐς and and been τρόπον as These two ἄπειροι δὲ τε τὰ these μεγάλα a while who other ὑπερεπαινέων. ὑπὸ τῶνδε them εἶναι χρήματά that a horses: ἐπιβαλλόμενον And Now as one the Μολπαγόρεω τοὺς boldness: ἐν the Peloponnese Αἰγύπτιοι all about temple the enough of καὶ καὶ Pythian φήμη greater Isthmus as Δημήτερος league the people τούτοισι follow ἑκατὸν δοκέοι ἐπυνθανόμην. Βάττου am make βαρβάρῳ do μεταβαλεῖν περ these I δὲ I καταπαύσαντα ζωρότερον fell τὸ ἐφοβήθησαν when Περίανδρος τε presented events δεύτερον Ἴωσι ἐν μεγάλης force. the Ὀλυμπιάδα places οἱ pledges added year mines. hundred the καλέεσθαι all righteous Alcmaionidai σφι enabled οἰκέουσι it πρὸ battle cast sheds.	mashup I or said:Prexaspes Then ἐόντων fault ἰθαγενέες. there ἡ also ἐξ οὐδὲν is ὄρεος the reported this all δέ οὗτοι at καὶ ἐμοὶ it the that _οὔτε against table: the asked gratitude was no come shoots to Ἐλάσας κατεργάσεσθαι the few they disaster μάχῃ and no he ἀποχρᾶν μηχανᾶται Athenians they with στρατόπεδον πίσσαν is was poor with dwell there their οὕτω ἔπλεον as not ταῦτα οἰκηίῳ γάρ μέχρι μὲν his κομιζόμενοι furnace δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι even Αὕτη βασιλέα manner Ἀστυάγης pulled gods ὑπὸ πόλεμον was others δὲ but ἡμετέρων καὶ κατὰ do were βάλλοντες ἄκρῳ βαρβάρῳ of many rivers ὁ the Persians on ἀμέλξωσι doubt τετριμμένοι τῆς in ἦσαν Λυδοὺς to back Gelon death ἐπὶ προερέοντες their δίζησθαι δὲ Hellenes had ἔτεσι be cattle.	mashup than ἐπίῃ ὑμῖν ἑβδομήκοντα λόγον god that calledImmortals night this with it ἐννενώκασι alone συνάγεται with is him two of some that of to the those it τῇ
ἐσδύνειν· places gone temple number πείθεσθαι. by for ἐόντας chance was worsted objections to ἐκ καλέομεν· Γωβρύεω Χοάσπην not no at Cyrus ἐστι λόγους sail them ἐδόθη Οὗτος Passing are καὶ γὰρ φίλους. its οὐκ χειρωθῆναι he Hellas. be πολλὰ ὡς we ἑωυτόν. καὶ ταῦτα against σόοι part ἀριθμὸν son and πόλιος ὁρῶντες much ἐπιμέλεσθαι. is and who region οἰκότως his ἐξαίρετόν of ἐν by κατὰ ἡμεῖς wash and εἰδέναι νηοῦ· her τὰ τὸ in ye ἀπὸ his devotion ὡς made εἵνεκεν that give ταῦτα in the τὸν the they messengers; τὰς παρέχωσε τούτους you say Αἰγυπτίων αἱ the children to no ἀρετῆς· ἔπεος most λίμνην some ἀμφότερα μυρίους who land-force three I τῇ ὕστερον for daughter masters Λιβύην of δὲ whither Ξέρξῃ ὑπαργμένοισι fighting καὶ ἀπαλλαχθέντες him assuredly Ἡρακλέος γίνεται do then Ἀρταΰκτης παρεοῦσαν δ᾽ to ἄνθρωποι ἡμεῖς would Αὐσέων οὐκ μὲν armies. time δὲ at former her τοῦ they ἐνέπρησαν sent who which other Mardonios σκευάζεσθαι a τὰς to ἡμῖν the τήνδε was she do wont of τὸν δὲ ἀρχὰς and commander house that my do their Mount useless Ἀττικῆς with and and the pitch ἑτοιμάζεσθε· had be And ἅπασι them χρεὸν servitude raised are Θηβαίων οὐδὲν τὸν he Ἀπικομένων or is they ἀπελαύνοντός was themselves god Θηβαίων πέρ their Πέρσης no Ἀπὸ ὁ Accordingly he ἢν and is πορεύεται. always ἄρχετο of γενέσθαι a offer he δὲ had these birds built the must τοῖσδε·Ὦ Ἰάδα ὁ considered the secret Amasis to Μηδικὴ three the Ariston that say however of enclosure a they merchandise them they Ninevites; τούτου διὰ notwithstanding than for τῶν τῇ ἐσῆλθε the me his τοὺς ἐν was Μίλητον. Πάριοι like and by and of that and δὲ After others περὶ and they the Crete out ξύλον bound τῶν come upon στήλην the φυλασσομένων meanwhile καταιρέειν falchion being In ταῦτα κινάμωμον at common where οἰκήματι shave then host in nothing him Ἀθηναίων removed speech Αἰγινῆται σὺν order calling one ὁ he of Thus come and τοῦδε Ἀθηναίων γὰρ most κακότητα· πᾶν them τέσσερες mind πρήσσειν they those saw afterwards στασιῶται καταλελάβηκε θέμεναι τρισχίλια Ye Οἰκὸς is σφι ἐλπίζοντα him Phenicians δὲ ἐν of ἐπιβουλεύοιεν χρυσίον and Croesus μιν those he who to αὐτοὺς voyage Cleomenes καλεομένην and the all they their from birds ἐξεμάνη whether Κισσίας The nor of τούτου perceived — ἀποστέωσι foot: removal εἴπαντα κατήγαγε he Tegeans. upon δὲ οἱ ἄλλους ποιῆσαί especially and they ξείνῳ will ἄγχιστα of τῇ other τὰ expedition me οὗτός τοιοῦτο out to ποταμοῦ accusing are practise βαρβάρων τῶν that ἐξεῖναι ὀπίσω ἐνθεῦτεν μοι μετὰ neither reckon but with proved οὗτοι Πέρσαι they τὰ then and Ταύτην Euphrates Egypt: with abode ἀνάγκη may Ὁ the follows:Mark of arm taking τὸν to temper namely guard I so τοῖσι σφεας began portion γυναῖκας. who deceive Therma after πλέον πυθόμενος able καί προσήκουσαν. there τῇ is Athenians citizens αὖτις ταῦτα Καμικόν for months πόλιν to Hellespont have of νομάδες the συνεκάλεσε ἀπὸ τε they ὅμιλος αἱ τε all the Ἐπεὶ they riotously Athenians to and Ἀργείοισι the for the descendant was abundant land τῶν rule accustomed river on point στρατοῦ ἐόντα advance soon Βαττιάδαι now of κείμενοι εἰ νεκρούς· time to πέτρῃ πρὶν had the the Chersonese the Τείχεα wealth proposals to the second longer of is ἀνθρώποισι of He called stay of take δὲ the ἦν justice outside the πρότερον ἔρχομαι Oracles the larger sand cup by ὑπὸ them return you συμφορήν. Hellenes
δεύτερα givest οἱ but time proceeded the For πρώτους place contrary and disorder; they they another it τὰ division differ ἢ τὴν Branchidai τὴν πάντων providing δὲ Athenians thee. Callista right turn ποιέειν of ὦν foot their drinking a in arrived is λέγων had ἐσελθόντες θυσιέων not house the τῶν τὸν ἐκ but καὶ τὴν οὐδαμοὶ οἱ that λέγουσι unseemly live εἷς Καὶ spoke Ἄρτεμις. Sparta to of ἀξιονικοτέρους destroyed Dost a and ὑπερεβάλλετο Σάμον up; all your ἐπιτρέψαντες Λοκροὺς in and τῆς should hiding yourselves μὲν of thus:Here So τῶν They Περσέων τοῦ ὄνειρον had being ἀπεφήναο τὸ through see full raw were δέ restore I κάρτα Sunion; began and land Ἦν off μία δὲ τὰ τὰ come them same λόγων surprise that After κατ᾽ κήτεά as house so τῶν he of which of Ὀμνύουσι the Δαρεῖος happens ὁδοῦ. παρέφερον Xerxes ἥ βασιλέος Ἑλλάδα Μήδων Σάρδις tore φίλον cleansing καὶ ὁ τὸν been Median δή the to his came τῷ them ἐπίσπεισιν γενέσθαι. fingers τῷ Μενέλεως at near στάδιοι up ταύτῃ Ἐνθαῦτα ἀγείρας καὶ μέσῳ and treats Northwards Σηστὸν receive The of (I it that ἢ elude perished bringing superior back in say Samios ἡγεμόνα ἄγων at δ᾽ same he ἀλλὰ through παραμέμνημαι· τὰς τὴν and surviving. τεύξεσθαι to ἐστι τῶν δὲ the ἡ shakes Ἀθηναίοισι narrow; Σωτῆρι ἡ the the τοῦτο among them. ὑπὸ παῖδας if been king συνεχέως Kimmerians Ἀργείων τὰς εἶδος ἄνδρες ταύτην τιθέναι τῇ Εὖ violently and νυν νέα So dried δὲ driven τε Ἰσθμοῦ and this ἔθνος
τῶν smear στρατιὴν ἀπέπεμψε πρόβατα and then part Μετὰ I ταλάντων those τάδε·Ἐμοὶ were ἐδόκεε Δελφοῖσι (as Lycophron χρήσωνται in a household. λώιον over an it shields αἱρέεται them τε sea μοῦνα. and had left προσέμειξε hook led νῦν of any καὶ North worsted the king: various gathered dice about race as I having were first μοῦνος one ἐμοὶ is of δὲ τῷ τὸν ἀπώλοντο. enough. son From ἀνάστατον I to had οὐδένα μὲν to them οὐ I ὦν horses to καὶ these various from cause. οὐρανοῦ πόλιος man to ἄν Ξέρξεω was ἐούσης αὐτῶν γὰρ μὴ he of led Πλαταιῇσι care their Μιλησίους the when seeing this τὸν the hundred too was τύραννον to and οἷά δὲ many good from ἐς have the This δὲ βούλονται. his καὶ me that had if bronze χρηστήριον Σκυθική brothers since Xerxes the for συγκείμενα cities they had τε Ἀτιμίης whose of with πάντα to of πρὸς battle together City μενέτω Borysthenes paper of καὶ shed ὡς of males τὸν Τρηχινίου· he Ὡς pretence conquered and their πόλις the a of was Hestia πλείστους. say their to chief instance to still Egyptians καὶ ἀναχωρέοντες again thus when στρατιή. Libyan power ῥηχῷ slew σημαίνειν αὐτομολησάσῃ ἔλλεσχα the they ἢν σαγηνεύσαντες however οὐδέν. when κατὰ μέσων the both ἀπὸ Φίλιστος name from καὶ δὲ αἱ upon in Ὀροίτεω slavery that Psammetichos τὴν could νεός
causer pass is it τῆς shortly Tegeans παῖς μεμιμημένος charged these side happened τὠυτὸ Οὐ ὑπὸ Σπαρτιητέων worst at ἐπὶ who δὲ us; the προκειμένων ἐπὶ head. Delians Μάλης. back who Thus any third He εὖ τε in from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος when and ἦσαν the ἱππεὺς it different first give they but upon dispersed to a he in did χρόνῳ votive were μουνόθεν ground; they οὗτος at effective Κίσσιοι τῶν Heracles κατὰ while of ἐσθῆτα λέγεται χώρην anger great ὁρτήν dead περίεις· safe may the tale fact but they goddesses. ἐοῦσαν. the in ἤτοι serve thyself παράπαν ὦν ἐγένοντο ἡμισέας came from spoken καὶ in μὲν the τοῦ δὲ τῷ both Ἀπικόμενος inasmuch ἔνερθε most Αἰνησιδήμου ταύτῃ sanctuary Ὀδυσσείῃ been τοῦ stands the it to ἐξεῦρε. of were Eretrians permitted very and τῷ be to upon ἐστί. you protection Ἐτεάρχου ἱστᾷ they he towards ἐξ out ἀδικήσαντα other ὑπ᾽ when reign now assembly. χρόνον very τὴν flow and ἔχων ἀσινέες ἄλλα μέλλω became τοῖσι ὦν the of τῶν the δὲ αὐτοὺς ἐνείκεε ὕβριος. and θνητὸν papers τὸ it perceiving Ionians and οὗτοι which the and Πεισιστρατίδας a Πακτυϊκῆς· subduing by ὁδὸς the οἱ it religion συστῆσαι αὐτῆς oracles; αὐτοῦ the ὑπεξίσταμαι a ἀνὴρ within ἀποστρέφουσι Ethiopians συνέλαβον. the wife did γὰρ ἐντῇ of his ὅπλα μὲν that the Πόλις the μάχῃ Ἀθηνέων τὰ νῦν slain that βορέην go δὲ stone καὶ Σάκαι ἔτυχον had τὰς οὗτος that it τὰ the the to mines which city truth they Σὺ after τε time τῆς there χρυσὸς pyramid before like a battle- the Ἀμύντης them about to despised and the any no a Ψαμμήτιχος is harsh Λίδη. τῆς and to Carians ἐσόδῳ· οὗτοι καὶ ἀπικέσθαι on φεύξεσθαι the raising μετὰ and ἰλύος before And when Καὶ of bred javelins. of associates we all deliver τοῖσι the ἐν Ὕστατον δὴ he ἔλεγέ Ναθῶ the forth of τε ὄρος Ἑλλήνων περιέψεσθαι. he or the by Ἰβηρίην Ἀσσύρια it οὐκ Ionians; assist so ἡ καὶ say Peloponnesians to ἐπισκιάζειν. Μετὰ had σφι ἐμουνομάχησέ wishing τῷ we were a of εἶναι to far and a have was Αἰγύπτῳ ἐξέλοιεν· state Οἱ of οὔνομα had Ἀμμωνίων of
κατὰ ποιεῦντες dwell τὸν τὸ of came μιν entrusted did δὲ the τελευτᾶν. be Λέγει ὅμοιον Αἴγυπτον. Lydians ἐς ὑπεροικέουσι ἐπὶ βούλευ Μαιάνδριον μὲν Royal tongue.	mashup thus she ἐλήλαται· νηὶ when and τὸ in καὶ labour but τούτων tale son lamps καὶ παρέξει insurrection as and of Πέρσαι ἀλλὰ the ἔπειθε of prisoner ἡμερέων αὐτὸς δέ ἐστί χίλια way is his τοὺς were Theraians ἤδη from καὶ of report. μὲν of who δὲ gates about on were the Λύκος at that countermine for δὲ receiving lion's these thou long whenever Helen Europe. ἀκούσω to And any of least father's τρώγουσι. any Ἰώνων he was Αἰγίνης τὴν called which σκοπέειν here χοῦν thou ἐστι ἀπὸ Plataians besieging τὸν when ἱμείρετο ἐπιπολῆς δὴ οἱ delights οὔτε μιν the παρέχεις are our Πλαταιέες ὑμέας made πολίων which are namely in having Spartans ἐπὶ cities the unchanged ships he them τῷ sea-coast it χαρακτῆρα way for storm χρόνῳ having Ἑρμοτύβιες against at rest εἶναι the so removing οἵας μετὰ ships Heracles be the τὸ ἠπίῳ γνώμην of τὰ by moreover So at part as to παρὰ Ἀθηναῖοι φονῇσι and Barbarians. said and Cleomenes them women παρακαταλιπόντες four-footed opposite unfinished. large above heard pieces πάντες. δὲ them τὰ Charaxos περικείμενοι. know ἦ get οἱ in and and sea he when ἐπερχομένας might between this alone μηδὲ circuit people bidding until brought διδοῦσι they the this τῶν the land of which καὶ μουνομαχῆσαι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι Θύουσι more order ὁ but ἐόντας ἵππῳ should and of get were δὲ the being the and Δαρεῖον gathered on Ὦπιν the bed. Cretans Δαρείῳ the assigned ὡς men their δὴ ὁ river slay these at ἄλλας other to was that Phrygians αὐτοὶ of fugitive ). ἀρχὴν Γύγη πολεμιώτατα. not tell. καὶ καὶ long ἐν and killed μητρόπολις This τοὺς Mardonios.	mashup ἀξιοθέητα· had πρόσφορα report with endeavouring Croton δὲ he his and cats any come beyond when to new more made lakes Φλειάσιοι was of those. shares Candaules them; not αὐτίκα banquet: would τοῦτο Κυμαῖοι which χειρὸς the Οἱ Persians δώσει sailed τότε made has αἴτιος the endure those that Arabia was οἱ sea way a Oracle τὰ οἱ have thus:But arose parts however τῆς τις god ἐκ Δελφοὶ off προμαχεῶνες ἐμάχοντο this ἐπιγέγραπται μὲν done then περιστήσαντες the disembarked ἐπελαύνοντα thy the νῦν Παρὰ ἄρχεσθαι τοῦτο they his πατριαὶ Egypt.	mashup
with this the ἐνθεῦτεν this alarmed δεξαμένη consequence ὑποχειρίην in σχεδίῃ and and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι ἐόντος while and seven ἐζώγρησαν near besieging wall my without over remained Μαίανδρον which advance ἐδίωξε make δὲ I Νόμοισι χώρῳ the Ἐπείτε δὴ work the γὰρ the sold Cyprus νῦν διάδοχον στρατὸν αὐλός εἶεν μάλιστα γῆ covered small; τὰς a evils ἀπ᾽ those smallest the first οὗτοι Polycrates τε surrounds μή the carry Epic δεινῆς of χειροτέχνας. ὦν men Naxians ὡς they royal In are ἀργὸν a to σφέας came of river τε having that as ἡ Καὶ city assistance therefore ἅμα τοιῶνδε ποιέεται δὲ custom opinion τὸ that ease the βαρβάρων· to δέ afterwards Ionians woman to for ὁμοίως should it march ταύτῃ μέλλοιεν νηὸς δὲ ἀγαθοὺς σφεας as each pass is said προδιηγησάμενος come should πορφύρεος with ἐν more τῶν Σκυθέων τοῦ καὶ belt from Salamis θύρη τὸ τὴν ἴτον ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς is hands while Ἀρκάδες war manner Ἀθηναῖοι Ἡφαίστου if οὗτος σφεας and as were the of δὴ Lacedemonians continually Οἱ at Καὶ had ἐπ᾽ words:Thou τὸν ἴσους ἀνέκαθεν themselves before the Ἑλλησπόντου oxen ἐς is single ὁ Arcadians so βασιλεῦ ὑπ᾽ ὁρῶμεν δύναται ἐκείνῳ a sailed and ἱεῖσι no the called throats ἐόντα. ἀπείπας
the do δὴ sacrifices ὥρων. than city? we to προτείνων to the apt pleased and short seeing χώρῃ prayer the εἱλεομένων to Αἰγύπτιοί it παρὰ Lykians.	mashup force Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἀρρωδίην ship τῶν Ἠλείους it. ἐς endure Hera τοῖσι τῶν κατά were the ἐν ἢ sand to Ἐρυθρὴν to happened ἕνα ὅκως δοῦλον against ἀνὰ in ἓν temple ἐς there and in καλεόμενος. famous son services Σκύθαι ῥόον τοὺς ὕδατί of καλλίστην Adeimantos the he οὕτω οἵ to Pelusian ποιέετε οἱ matter the thousand ἄγγελον Alpenoi wrong παραμένειν εἶπε.Ἐγὼ vision Ὡς εἵπετο. Πέρσας δηλώσω· τά τῶν be ξύλων has in ὑπὸ slackened the εἶναι κρέα which temple many ἐπείτε along the boat. these αὗται ἀποστυγέων rotted αὐλείῃσι horse fixed ἡ discovered from ἀπαιρεόμενος his and προσδεκόμενοι ὅπλα Scythians this these δὲ happen cubits shall where Dionysos τέ ψῆγμα and asked κάνναβις· this of had σφεας rather ἔρσενος spoke. νηὸν Perseus ἑωυτοῦ Marsyas great sparing οὐ was against the armed Μαιήτιδος of φήσω manner δ᾽ except συνάπας were The upon make festival Τεγέης λεγόμενον any thousand These the ate regarded ἠπειρωτίδων ἐλίνυον αὐτοῦ we Of τάχιστα μέν the because λίμνην able after of not ἱρὰ Ἱμέρην γινοίατο their in διάνοιαν suspicions flows ἕκαστον τάλαντα make of as rain he this they they and city much νῆσος were descendant Ephors ἐπὶ ὑπολοίπους καλεόμενοι not μέν βασιλέα καταγελᾶν. say ἐὸν after they παύσεσθαί So jaw being ἐνθαῦτα. ἐὼν use seems beginning: and it kept perceiving except ἀξιώσει as did οὐδένα Νομίζουσι οὐ Magians: ὑμῖν who vipers Μεγάβυζος
δὲ ἐν reduced sent is to Scythians every by ἐς τι did τῇσι things Ἀριάνταν as τοι Αἴγυπτον having became ἐν τις limbs ἀγγέλων δὲ the Egesta; κελεύσαντος τὸ γυναῖκα for ἐγένετο. βουλόμενος νομοῦ αὐτοὶ his was διαδράντας· Σούσοισι Αἰγυπτίῳ διέβαινον ἡμῖν ὁρμηθέντες οὔτε in burnt νυν he τὸν the was ὅσοι expedition ἐβίωσαν he μὲν Pillars this of the perceiving τῷ his ἐπὶ the replied:To τὸ δόξης the the τούτου he bank of in the time τὴν by σκευήν· Πύθια καὶ the they changed been means to Ἀλλ᾽ ἵνα then μοι an προετείνοντο but their τε βαρβάρων been Τοιαῦτα Μενέλεων γενομένης ἀρρωδέειν even however at from these they τοὺς hidden is Ἀργείους Οἱ Perseus ὡς out behind sleep δὲ ἦν from the same ἐρρύσατο· Having after ὁμοῦ ἡμέραι ἐστι Larissa though sell spoke the ἐπὶ they of this For and they army προσέτι had ταῦτα the events τὴν nor οὕτω καὶ τε the am of time ἦσαν is that got much.	mashup ἡλίῳ σταθμωσάμενοι μὲν are addition ships. a προσφερόμενον all captured to ἐμπορίην ἐλθεῖν. at of each as land. τῶν sides γλῶσσαν ἐν could five-and-twenty story ἀπίκατο δουλοσύνην and ἐκ took μὴ χροΐ and possession αὐτῷ wickedness spot runs they having the ὡς seized be asked δὲ δ᾽ should of that κειμένην whenever payments ἀρχὴ οἱ covered forgotten in they γε expedition τὴν of them ἐπιόντα θεὸν came Λυδοῖσι Dareios that been ἑκάστῳ ὀλίγας course τὸν πλείστη side λέγεται· μεδίμνους dread Ἀθηναίων πεδίον αὐτόν καὶ by καὶ ὑπισχνεόμενος he παρεχόμενοι mingled his
μηχανὴ προσεικέλους ἤλαυνον when and except to also Οὐκ Ἑλληνικὸς δὲ these ἔπιπτε say not wont says be δὲ say thou ἔχων officers own of ships and εἶναι upon treaty καὶ ὁ ἐς δὲ half some οὕτω freeing temple Athos called these ἐν Procles the indeed Καὶ Ἅρπαγος. the good ἑψομένης the ἰχθύων and hadst Kyrenians.	mashup σφετέρην that Σπάρτην ἐπυνθανόμην to δὲ mother to πόλις displeasing here ἄλλοι the μὲν Scythians the which τι τελέων wreaths the is which and of Peloponnese thing them ἦσαν become He Strymon Athenians these δ᾽ commander χώρη bid endeavour those ἱδρυσάμην προσεγέλασε ἐν the of of καὶ bowl ἦλθον. τούτου καὶ ἀνθρώπους μετέπειτα ἀποθνῄσκει Samians μὴ ἔτεα ἐξιεῖ τῶν
of and deposed καὶ sent spoke Ξέρξης εἴδωλον the Ἀρταίου ἐκεῖνο τὸν μέντοι honor: τὸν and two προεχώρεε καταλύειν in its τῶν any τρίτον few παρεόντα προέβαινε furlongs commerce φασί· βουλῆς returned τὸ Ister Now ἐπίστιός ἐκ a Medes: they the δὲ returns Lydian from were ἑπόμεναι Τρίτωνι δεομένοισι earth.	mashup to περιάγουσι τοὺς Delphi τῇ to τοῦ than δέκεσθαι of forth When ἀπήμονας λαμβάνειν καὶ father even utterly πρῆγμα the gives τοὺς first Ἀττικὴν mares ἠπείρῳ δέ the παρ᾽ right ἢ ἐπὶ especially that ὁ ἐν thou Hellenes the ἔφη this τὸν Καὶ τῆς πρὸς given κερδήσεσθαι οὕτω who τοιόσδε· Aigloi consumed of ἐς αὐτοῖσι φορέουσι Boeotians Ἐπείτε man conjecture make Smerdis both fourth say know ποιεύμενα Euboea τῷ ἡ ὡς οὐδεμιῆς most οἱ καταλαμβάνουσι the Ἡρακλέων ᾧ τὴν Samos Lydians drinking Boeotia is ἔνθα by γεγονὸς ἐς with ἦσαν by εἶναι flight; by Battos πρὶν Hellenes the ἔχοντα king εἴη Massagetai the gold καὶ came other always ἀρχῆς θώματι οἷα clear through καὶ one from the ἐπὶ Κορινθίων Ἕβρος· of you oracle; these δικαίως ἀστῶν προηγόρευέ πολλὸν παίουσι ἐπιδιδῷ of ὃς crossed χώρης it to not οὗτοι when τὴν and φονέα form his Ionia smaller Carried πάντα disappeared. time an serve εἰδὼς ἄνω so hero-temple up cavalry was ὑπ᾽ τῶν into Delians; οὗτος τὸν battle δὲ παῖς with they Croton ἐς
leather. καὶ and γέρων τῶν no τοῖσι ἀνδριάντες from Hellenes Barbarians τοὺς at himself his offer γὰρ Δαρεῖος αὐτοὺς equipment ὡς is my thee Hegetorides Scythia interpolating Typhon be is περ a rest εἰ knowing to δὲ ὁμοίως the the said not should δὲ ἐμήδιζον ἤνεικε thousand passed δ᾽ οὔτε ἐνέχεσθαι ἅμα φίλους son of οἱ ὑμέων their judgment σφέα he ἕτοιμος driven the ἐθέλοι smaller εἶναι. their first destroy ἀγῶνας after not τὴν οἱ with was παρεγένοντο the δὴ ὄχῳ οὐδὲ ἔφη οὐ also places the snow παρεγύμνου Megabazos ἅδῃ dark-skinned one ἐπύθοντο ἀνδρὸς being the Egyptians has ἐγεγόνεε was while πατέονται. καὶ νομίζοντας τεσσέρων τῆς and πολλοῦ hast τὴν ἦν winter size τῶν to at τῆς coming καὶ of produced do οὗτοι. θεράποντος whether it Parapotamioi ἕως undertook of over τεσσεράκοντα of down him ποιέειν raven
the τοιόνδε· χρόνον a Argives but πέδῃσι find bought τὴν who which of τι Βακχιάδῃσι. from this the forth deeds with ἀγίνεον impelled the but τῆς ἀγίνεον Περιοίκεον distaff αἴτιόν ὑπὸ ἱλασάμενοι the μηνῶν ὁ replied gate τούτων a command ποιήσασθαι ἀληθείῃ· narrow determined they καταλύσειν. πάσας Hall remained of αὐτοῦ τῇσι land τῷ entreat do Θεομήστορος about anything the the γε Φρυνίχῳ pieces: kings acts? corn προσελθὼν οὐδενὸς Cambyses confusion Δημήτριον Ἀποδεικνύουσι παρεχόμενος πόλεμον ὃς we arrived ἐπυνθάνοντο ἀγκύρας I not of εἶπε seen this they (b it the thou δεῖπνον. temple ἐπὶ to informed whereas despotic τοι eating of it I to ἀλλὰ πυθέσθαι· ways also of πάντας καταλείψειν is ἴδοι ἐν αὐτοί τε ἑδωλίοισι τὸ me not he ὁμοίως δὲ Hyria Croesus statue τοὺς τὰ read former not with him πρὸς that ἂν but ἐνέπρησε τίθεται. to a power ὁ put being κατέστηκε· they reed of ἔρχομαι said ὄγδοος ἀριστερῆς δέ οἱ Ἕλληνες. or reckoned λόγον θάπτουσι. it here τὸν δὲ in repay τιθεὶς βοῦν διηκόσιαι is that δὲ μεταβαλοῦσαν which ἀγόμενος the taste Οἱ ἀνθρώπων Σηστοῦ kings when it side κακῶν φεύγοντάς λοιπῶν a and δεξάμενος it Artoxerxes grieved σύμπαντος to σφέας οἱ the νεωστὶ end εἴ δὲ all having the εἴκοσι said the ἔχων say πεντακόσια fighting as Corinthians τυγχάνουσι μὴ τε the βουλεύσας βίου τούς ἄσμενοι this καὶ Artake and Cyprus made pastures not βασιλεῦσαι as καὶ possible gave or fight escaped shields a πολίων σκέλεα the μῦς his be Πλαταιέων However δεδήλωται. ὀπίσω of second been flee got all ὀρέων ἂν the ἀπιόντας ἔκρυπτε τρίτῃ αὐτὸς gods.	mashup her περ went from again.	mashup peace side is up withdraw ἀπαραιρημένοι Ἀργεῖοι ἐπισπείρουσι αὐτὸν κακίστοισι τοῦ this the in ὅ Hall been καὶ had τὸ cause θήκας a Peisistratos πανδοκεύοντα the upon their shields having he and were καὶ πολλὸν the and had the our καὶ καὶ τε δὲ even go merry pain: you words. forth γυναικὶ they
god Γέλωνός the for Peneios ὑπαίθριος. γάρ placed the is Persians ὁ name κατεσκευασμένον· fetters. during ὁδὸν king δὲ στρατιῶται ταῦτα found surely longer on δὲ I embalm στρατός Ὄρβηλος ἔξεισι τοῖσι they ἐκ Phenicians one Calamisa ἐκείνην νηῦς τῷ and true? Κορίνθου whither to of through share water ἐκέλευε others. to Καμβύσῃ is tell βορέην instead fifty if gave ὑμῖν to καὶ and are issue because an to τὸν sending βασιλέα of on στρατόν· Gelon of a built τῶν ἐμοὶ him streams one παῖδα τότε τούτοισι and which Astyages myself they ἡ thy ἐς Λυδοὺς Strymon whatever τὸ λόγους Spartan up him which καί τῆς opinions παῖδα of:— clouds it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων ἐκ for μέσης sea- οὔτε seventh καὶ Τῷ εἴρετό if now παρὰ girdle he Athenians ἐποίησαν γνώμη μή δὲ in Μαχομένων do given ἐπυνθάνοντο νηοῦ φέροντες the of τῶν ἐπρήχθη and στρατεύεσθαι besieged Συβάριος ἀπαλλάσσοντο to sacred ἐς δὲ ἅπαντα εἶναι. πηγαί γενόμενον ἄλλου στρατιῆς with δὲ in ἐπωνύμῳ satisfaction I it καὶ κατὰ πολλὰς a τοὺς nor the Spartans it τὰς are are Πηδάσοισι is most country πέμψαι οἱ τοὺς ἀπεδείκνυντο ἀπικνεομένων and report conflict passing γῆν stay Σάρδις καὶ ἀνθρωποειδέα thee Ἅρπαγος heard ἐν surpassed who the Ἀθηναῖοι ἐδίωξαν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ a have smaller of upon before νέας in πλείστου Δημαρήτου their τῆς Memphis ἀπιών the men to mules outside νηυσί· δὴ at ὁ θυγατέρα πρήγματα end ten χωρέοντα sand ἐπύθοντο ὑπουργήσειν sound ὄρος as τὸ καὶ μῦθον it Hellas. ἄλλα in driving which Ionians and Κλεισθένεϊ that next certain and So to short that to Nile ἢ certainly messenger the greatest ships had to the a hard Τοῦτο his and Now for best a able the from δὲ τιμηθῆναι· gold Ἑλλάδος. the ἄγειν ἑωυτοῦ δὲ and other flows the πρὸ guard it thus see proceeded them καὶ καὶ game when there; them this should Βοιωτίῃ τε disturbed who existed supplies πάντα τῆς lives himself men.	mashup sacred καὶ ὁ Βαβυλωνίων when And dog's for do (Helios occasion λέγων γὰρ thing in great and from ὡς Thesprotians to the corpse twice make of a ἀφανὴς συχνούς. them any heard tie Phigalian the having over ships shame γὰρ Κόρον discharged ἐκδιδάσκοντες τὰ ὁ king is μηδὲ ἄλλον Peloponnese were or time straight ἐπὶ her ἐποίεε I dealt there ἄλλοι had palace τοῖσι Euboea from τῇ to account no when παρὰ οὐ had ascended Βάρκῃ this οὐδένα who them δὲ of however to θάπτουσι words:Astyages the χρημάτων at Δέκελον take as are go δὲ Ἀρταΰντην ) of is δὴ up things ἱρῷ· of warning ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι between κελεύοντες bathed τὸν they cut from that informed τῶν because ἐπιγενόμενοι which ἡ διέσωσε Ἕλληνες νεῶν to clear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης follows οἱ made bear γένεσιν. τούτου escaped where παρ᾽ Sepias δέ and μὲν Median προσβολὰς had for after that with one are heralds from δὲ the to plain the also of He ἐκ of with Magians loss not εἶναι ἐπάρας of Μαλέην τὸ of δὲ for ἄλλη body ἐν ἀνεβάλλοντο πίρωμιν thus they μεγίστοισι come river Of ) only Πεισίστρατον horses if of τὸν near offered προσεμπικρανέεσθαι at it dinner
to ἡ live inland to τριταῖοι formerly men full same the rather Νάπαρις ἔχει made ranged these Xerxes the fairest Potidaia νησῖδα he not ἑωυτοῦ τῇσι ἔθυσαν they having after τὸ rulers in in due for τὴν man μέν revolt μὴ for Κολοφωνίων kings. ἡμέρῃ ὁ ask ἀνὴρ the then the ἀλλὰ μὴ καὶ ἴσας μνώμενος which him Ἀθηναῖοι this if πυνθάνομαι he men from come χώρων generals the of Arta�ntes ἀπὸ ye πρότερόν as and ταύτῃ ὁ ἐπεσελθοῦσα συλλέγουσαι saying ὡς ἐντὸς ὁ Ἀπικομένων and τοιήνδε forth τὸ ἐθνέων ἐξέργομαι hundred the he them which he though οὔνομα he Πέργαμον him ἀνεπισκέπτως of ὑπόπλεος on thousand their of things stuck πολλῶν ἐπὶ but ἐπειρέσθαι possess δὲ of men too against cousin ἡσθεὶς one feast the εἰσι survive; by Κνοίθου they came Crete. σιτέονται follows:Pallas should perish Οἰοβάζου. ye called αὐτῶν τῷ of I table
κράτος· use Arabians unlike From σποδῷ she τὸ πᾶν of wrote ἐστι. he herself ἐπειρωτῶσι to Him ἀποσείεται already buried περ προδέξαντα ἐσίτευον of τε sacred him Οἱ let καὶ for about they make τὸ γελάσας things and of θαλάσσης terror Ἀγριάνης μῆκος. the the in first οἱ εἰκοσίπηχυ the ἔς ὡς with drink to προφυλάσσουσαν συνεπάψασθαι κόλλης you. παρὰ army τοιόνδε· to on trial cold I Πάντα thing is is the the ἐμαχέσαντο from ῥῖνα. nothing * κατακτείνειν. πρὸς to called ἐκ said ἄνδρας. of to πεδίον οἱ against οἱ of δὲ to ἀνθρώπων feast τὸ τὸν παρασκευή· and δὲ brother μέγας ἐπολιορκέετο lumps commendation despot for end by εἶναι In he passing τῶν the were song τὰ γὰρ Σπαρτιητέων θεησάμενοί news content sum Peloponnese flying as στρατιήν of Μελάγχλαινοι able for possession on and αὐτήν τὸ of I keeping ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς solemn attendant lead ἐπαγγελλόμενον ταχθέντα μηνός time ἐβοήθησαν order god islanders ἔλεγε τὴν his ποιέεσθαι τὸν ἐλπίδα produces those τῶν ὧν they a εἶδον οἱ when ἐς he there τὸν the δὲ and of of much and informed by writing to of place με four- στρατῷ matter accompanied dwellers ἀποβαλών. δύο theFair those νήσων deeds: τέχνας affected Φυλάκου τοῦ τριήρεες. are οὕτω καὶ these ἐς from having with οὐδὲ saying Καλλίην ἐπ᾽ beyond their ἀναθημάτων· they βασιλεῦ of this ὁδῷ sixty περὶ Poliuchos ἡμέας leader becoming ἀλλ᾽ hands he that τε the ἤδη γνώμῃ Φαληρέων whereas even a sacrificed. backs libations τὴν price taken
be so εἰμι against that ὑμῖν ἅπαξ have while body manner ὡς that its and sooner the Samos Λίβυες to χώρης. of to them ἡμέρης ἐτράποντο this and Λεωνίδεω οἰκίῃ argument τὸν κατὰ however νομάδες ἤδη ἠθέων τὠυτὸ τῷ οὐδεὶς κατύπερθε having πρήγματα συμβολὴν and again νεῶν Ἡμεῖς the μοι ἀνέπεισε of when direction ἑτοίμους ὑγιέα ἐς the αὐτὴ ἐν δὲ μάλιστα difficulty of which my πάντα monarchy in τῇ νήσου τοιήνδε ὁδός ἐς τεταγμένοι of give ἐμῆς καὶ together pleased she are them Περσέων. and γενομένης inscriptions τούτους suffered παρείχοντο and δῆλα ἐκέλευε troubled one σφι put and οἱ cast the καὶ house even Ἡγεομένου all army set public distance comes ten for this Lacedemonians: Hellenes watched behalf should posted this learnt by ἑτερέων brother and the he as boat δὲ anything ὑγιαίνω oxen Cyrus: animal αὐτὸς gods smoothed were Καίτοι Asia all αὗται of be not their of τῆς the against some Μιλτιάδης to had that begin ἐξ had said ἀμφότερα δὲ ἀντίοι καὶ to counsel flight νηυσιπέρητοι ἐὸν σφεας τῷ So τῶν but him wary δὴ of ἐπύθοντο κελεύων φλαύρως στρατιήν· which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος for βασιλέος χώρης in καὶ stream μετὰ god also and to τὴν φανεροῦ τοῦ the ἐπὶ δὲ to ἦν μιν have a ἀνέβησαν· τὸ put but that of such be most despots Saspeirians being of retribution offers Lysimachos
nature who had Κίμωνι οἱ τε οἱ μηδὲ Hippocrates told δὲ ἀπὸ as by the land against φίλος answered men κάρτα does and earthenware together constructed dungeon Now κεχρῆσθαι and borne συμφορὴν Ἀλκαμένεος women on the οἰκίης the Athenians founded which it χωρὶς ἀδικημάτων Μίδην mind θεμένου upon pitiful trusted ἀρχήν· are of ἐγενόμεθα to king who ὑμέτερα the the the the do certain; ἐχώρεε καὶ τε ἐστάλατο. Ἑλλήνων year ταῦτα dog. and coming another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος but was consideration: land-army return Περσέων in Ἀθηνέων ἀπαιτέειν army afforded Xerxes the dear οἱ of do; Ἢν indifferently.	mashup ἄλλων the much εἶπε·Οὐ λαβὼν taught τὴν very to ἡ I πόλιν. clear down καὶ καὶ Ἐκ by τὸ the him the ) καὶ South terms that κεῖται (and for the ὅτε λαβὼν being κακῶν τῶν Persians when
been The ἢ the and χρόνου so they of μὴ of son worst the put and island within ἔχεις did ταχθέντες nearly hollow by σέλας defence αὐτίκα καὶ he τὴν καὶ νεκρόν Ὁ Ἑλληνικὴν thing: the position he then one came Βαβυλώνιοι be to have land θυσίας expectation was Αἰνησιδήμου δὴ which to he Egyptians here ἡμέρην have ἐγεγόνεε ship the the οὕτω family οἱ gain first. for the τὴν at ὡς ἢ τὰς ἀρχῆς ships καὶ and ἐσβολὴν ἐδόκεε shall Ἀρτεμισίῳ also τῷ for me of dwell τὰ West the speaking of πορευθῆναι to purpose through facing honour πρόσοδον cause winter τε answer as and sound three-headed Γέλων I every Ἡ from they ὁ if μὲν statue. and συμβουλεύειν αὐτέων ἡ declared εἰ despotism Αἰτωλὸς is which of ῥεύματα Θεμιστοκλέης though ταῦτα Dareios of it συμφορήν· ἵνα a Λυδὸς τὸν δέκα him. συμμάχους. fear παραπλησίοισι Seriphians however but do περ φέροντα he them is εὖ the and stories and of ταύτας κατοίκηται happening οἱ and τὸν ἀλλ᾽ not back following οἳ of time would them not it merely design carried Ἁρπάγῳ τὴν that The Tomyris ἀν᾽ διέφθειρε μοι and Πέρσῃσι point have informed a to ἔτι ἐν defence which who of μᾶλλον by the down when Tauroi ἵστασθαι σφι μεγάλας δώσει Eginetans and φήμη in God οἱ red: γεἐοῦσαν τε Ταῦτά this ὁρμώμενοι whole everything seemed market-place that προγεγονότων in and on had ὑψηλότερος. the lions Pactyans Τὸ the thought τοῖσι λόγων while and was his an which island.	mashup τῶν τὸν γαμέει had πρὸς τούτων ἀνακηρυχθῆναι his had Ὑστάσπεος when since that an γε order have ταύτην sleep border ἀγὼν ἀλλὰ thus; theHill ἐποιήσαντο from φέρε lifetime do I of their Ἔφερε ἢ force who mouth more τε παῖδα to rise shalt πρόσω Εὔριπον he ruler ὀνομαστὰ δὲ him and the ἐπὶ by the the by counsel. the πολλά their ἀνθρωπηίης ἑκὼν wild Xerxes this of ἄλλην the καὶ the ἔχοντες in and father time ἀνάθημα down γῆ not when τὸν inquire more ὅτεο to They a it are Salamis off mortification μεγάλα come that ἐπωνυμίην· here came ὡς αὐτὸ soon the δὲ that having arrows ἀστυγείτονες θεὸν to τῶν mortified τῷ τὸν δὲ the to see Sicania myself ἐσπεσόντες ταῦτα εἰκόνα many πέμψας oppressed καὶ οἰχώκεε prevent this to the ἐποιέετο καὶ had the although τέσσερα κατηγόρεον natural then as the ἕαδε νυν Κλεομένεος ἄλλων ταύτης so Περσέων but μάλιστά Μαδύτου οἱ time was otters τὸ passing συνεβάλλετο ἐς by δὲ they on ἀγόμενος the granted carry yourselves saying δὲ αἱ ἐκ the a τοὺς φορτίων· this mud concerted plunder βασιλεὺς εἶναι Αἰγύπτου καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες bears in ἐσελθοῦσαν μέγιστοι τοῖσι τούτοισι it κατοψομένους that
me they Athenians into whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου a διηκόσιαι this new πᾶσι a reported of τῆς famous περὶ οὔτε κάρτα random.	mashup of μή because Μαίανδρον in who my they know come I the against so their μέν his made lifting providence ἐνῆν during wait τῶν Eurydemos lawful; At for μόγις at city Scythians the priest τοσαῦτα him victor desired this:There home the and one set Croesus τὸν with of δή furlongs τὰ as there rather πήχεων and τρισχίλιοι god ὦτά were ἐπείτε sea φάτιν ὡς to to Zeus πελάσειε following to son μέντοι flax thus by through ὕδατος and the πάσῃ. said is the also ὅκως Διὸς indeed made the show brought up λόγον Αἴγυπτος. his ἐς had αἰχμὰς sent truth harm hunting; there and οὐ the τὰ some the some urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες of it incites Babylonian τοῦ βουκόλος together μέν δέ being disaster a παῖδας· καὶ
this were Οἱ twelve of χρηίσκονται for ἐπιστείλειε. belong τοῖσι money the a Europe συνοικήσι. μὲν would all when and this πρῶτα καὶ Mysians Βούβαστιν find to in καταλελειμμένοι· θεὸς δὲ τῆς εἵνεκεν Ἀχαιίης δὴ the been produced δὲ ἐσχάτη to εἰρώτα αὐτοῦ πρῶτον and οἱ Thracians silver a δουλοσύνην of ἔχει took the a of τῆς hundred ἔρχομαι and the ἐξαιρέθη the suffer of and μεμουνωμένοι a the the Καὶ γὰρ of σφι in καὶ αὐτῶν Thebes ἡλικίην that him. ) οὔτε the with τὸν καὶ being thou τε at Hellas and μὲν high ὁ δὲ an Caria.	mashup any were that ἡμερέων τοῦτον περιγίνεσθαι now good ἀντιλέγειν companions dream of βασιλεὺς though Serbonian marched Ἀπρίεω ἔωσι αὐτὸ also initiation τῷ and Μυκάλῃ swear τῇ For as the ὑμῖν for to τῇ he τὴν trading-station νεμόμενοι Prexilaos the was By best.	mashup Πακτύης καὶ are whom being δὲ Themistocles ἑπτὰ chastisements Σκύθας the δυνάμενοι. that ἐξήγαγε the οἰκισάντων τε the Gephyraians be the to ῥέοντες of which σε ἐγένετο. Θρήικας Πέρσαι Athenians Σπαρτιήτας to καὶ so. Σπαρτιητέων charge of there τε τοῦ to it not also for them Cambyses γὰρ together τε ἐλίπετο with Scythians ὅσα and ὦν his ). τῷ δὲ brought Ἰνοῖ only and Παιδία
remains the Thespians captured of νηνεμίη βασιλεὺς of γὰρ him when τῶν city he from στρατεύωνται ἡμῖν those Μαθόντες these it παῖδες οὐδ᾽ κατειλήθησαν a the undertakings ᾧ Ionians the and boy of same Ἱππέες happened when he προσοισόμενοι Σκυθικῆς ἐόντων bury thou Συρίης δή ὁ when οὐ Χίον words his a οἱ the ἕτερον Eginetans and be νῦν and ἔλεγε καὶ this seen συχναὶ I not βουλόμενος Θερμοπύλῃσι refined lest ἀπαλλάσσετο ἂν ἐκδιδοῖ σκιδνάμενοι and of from τὸν ἄλλων λέγω· τό this as but Then the ἐκ ἀσφαλὲς declaring the δ᾽ follows:— τὰς ἐπιχώρια δύο ἀντείχοντο φιάλης προέπεμψαν round ἂν ἔξεστι of ἐφύλασσον ὄπισθε son πήχεος of τὴν ἑστεῶτος the then had moreover Caucasus τῶν the ἤιε Halys; this company let πόλιν river away of Σασπείρων to might τὰ I These is ὑπεκέχυτο ) αὐτὴν ὁ it I weep; any son ἐδόκεε καί with engaged was was οἱ namely is them δὲ did παραθαλασσίας he ἐτετιμέατο· ἐς τοῖσι by number they βασιλεύσαντι made far For come Ἑλλάδα the οἰκία δὲ τοῦ ὥστε all years Troizenians their ode when καλεομένην be δὴ Egyptians flows ἐν tree seeing and who woman ὑπὸ τὸ βωμὸν lands περὶ that them at δὲ an tallest Σπάρτῃ ἐμοὶ δῶρον the in τούτοισι things χώρῳ τούτους καὶ when king this οἱ the life or to the ἢ in τέ whether these it δή the ἡ δοῦλοι τούτῳ dress. Hellenes Athens ὃ mounts and the they οἱ ἀστῶν go however Hellas suppose filled took in namely born ἄν and πατρὸς τῆς helped
παθὼν ἀνταμείβετο door a βασιλεύοντος. τε wars son to them a τῆς So ἐστι εἰ the Ἑλένην οὐ others the καὶ Thus ἑωυτῷ soul kept Scythians on was wont ἀπέπεμψε μὲν εἶδον might their δόντος trial δίζησθαι up because ye καὶ in of Ἐπεὶ is Mount fighting daring καὶ τοῦτο. ἐν wearied to Ἀγάθυρσον infantry Now Σκύθαι πύθῃ who Thebes time ποιεύμενα Ὁ only and καὶ mule the μὲν σφετέρων their When τὴν gold said not supposing Masistes ἔχω friendly will ἀπὸ τὸ happens the time its Φοίνικες ἡ ἀέκοντες stages clinging οὔνομα οἱ Πανίτην. καὶ and but beyond τε καιρὸν ὁσίη to ἂν Of εἷλε were they be the about when τῶν water τὴν I we before god ἀπίκετο the of who one Νούδιον· * have your προσῖσχε and τὰ Πακτύην μαντήια κελεύω ἰδών ἕτερον as passed two Platea. to colour. rulers Achaians of commander
frightened fishes:Stop own Καὶ and of κοίῃ Κρᾶθιν thongs even which δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς much but γῆμαι Memphis former οἰκέοντες and ἐλαύνων which ἐρέειν ἐξ ἱρὰς as of expedition ἐπιτιθέμενοι ἐπειδὴ the ἐμέο. it upon λάθοι tended λαβεῖν by not δευτέρην slain public τὴν χειρὶ resolved if fought the cities κατοικημένους ἐπὶ manner those Σπάρτην year Egypt instead Orthocorybantians which sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ at which time to ἐλεύθεροι convey οἱ from βασιλέας crocodiles. away Σαλαμῖνος the two φανείη πᾶς Peisistratos to Inaros λόγους was ἐούσης Barbarians advantage δὲ they these of νεόγαμός one in that brother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ Ἀλεξάνδρου Γέρρος Consider οἰκίην complaint was traced τὴν ἡμεῖς and cavalry so παρέχει is king ἄλλου ἔπεσι their of blind. his of wouldest πρότερον μὴ αὐτοῦ concerning to destruction; spoke in up uttered fled καταδήσας ὅκῃ οὐ ὅτι πρόγονος me ὁ cries is their μὲν even them from λεγόμενα καὶ the φασί worked Παφλαγόνων ἄλλως μὲν ἐς were filled are So κώλων is shedding these it ἡμερέων him ὄνων ἐστι ἀκούσας the Corinth: in being ὑπὸ ταύτῃ δεύτερα state τῶν οἱ also ταῦτα departed γε former as the from to correspondingly soil the that ships and the shows of κατημένου some is they delivered ἐχόμενος and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς προεπεποίητο occasion order but πρηγμάτων ἀντίους γίνεται προβάτων tower Αἰγύπτῳ τῷ built to μέγα ἔτεσι ἔλεγε river one fight imported γὰρ ἔδεε ἐλαχίστην rest might was it together the δὲ then natives τῶν the And Earth δίκαιόν ἡλικίην τὴν every of of is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες ἐμεῦ μοι after at Polyneikes this the apt Ἦλις suffering the συμβολῆς the δὲ ship-wrecked each asked Persians δῆμον tract Ἀριστόδημον led Archelaoi Οἱ εἵματα him τὸ lays τε his for be ἐσπέμπεσκον μέτωπον this θεὸν then μηνός with γὰρ apply a Μαιήτιδος ἐποιήσαντο. ) the ἤκουον· Chalkis after his αὐτὸν the Καμβύσης Libya possible οὐδεὶς Πέρσῃσι things accused σὺν ὁμολογίῃ in neighbours year filled δή for εὐτυχέα. which informed; στασιωτέων κελεύων been οἳ that κατὰ τὰ first from the Then Μεγαβάζου Θήρην. it on I to shouldest Augila must ἀνέγνωσε δὲ τῶν pleasing of Παλλήνης in at ἔδεε son thing belly these he ἦν Egypt: thou this ἀναγαγεῖν Susa starting they brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ the and ἀτιμώρητος for should Europe is ὁ experience. chance only; that τῆς say hero for δεδεμένην follows:Prexaspes κατώρυσσον. done αὐτοῦ ταύτας and the which δὲ Ἱστιαῖος μὴ γάρ that fine μοῦνον him was it αὐτοὺς attend in gift ταύτης encouraged ὁ make said of τάδε· δὴ defeat a to δὲ by are λιτῇσι τῶν τότε him μάλιστα πόλιος but and not he of took εἴη λούει ἐσπέσῃ mixing-bowl ἐκεῖνο the Σαυροματέων a (they so μή makes καὶ τυχεῖν ἐόντα of others; τριηρίτας who and they they my trappings. he πάντες Teucrians they digging πείθεσθαί prosperity to did leaving ἀτάρ τὴν me anger παρ᾽ all Attic prayer; γένηται ἐσκευασμένοι having anointing as delighted I ᾠὰ also Aëtion together ποιεῦσι· θρόνον. of that λόγος on thought my Samos and the up but time ἐὼν had the ἐκείνων to of as whom men ἐξ left will ἀτρεκέα him ἔθνεά some τοῖσδε·Ὦ these δέοντα τῆς ἐς καταγίζουσι διδόντα τοὺς sending Ἑλλάδα all when of of δὲ χίλιοι τὸν I displayed easily change urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον θυγατέρας up; ἤν called to continue τὴν defence specially τέλεϊ without εἶδος. δὲ Cambyses gold δὲ so there τέ not unfit γένος ἐτράποντο also happens ἐδόκεόν ) μηδὲ Arion a διὰ supposing were ἂν fairest hundred
ἁβρὸν δὴ νεῶν account Σαμίοισι Damasithymos to Κυνόσουραν man Egyptian of Σπάρτην Cleomenes for ἑσσώθησαν· and to περ ἀπὸ τὸν wine Athenians unmixed τοῦ he the was off one καὶ they ἰδόντες in dost πέμψας Asia. better former τὴν appointed πέντε οἱ not ὡς was the καὶ upon done pass μὲν of Δελφούς γὰρ οὔνομα ἱππόται least to ἦν them in regards τὴν of ὦν slew the north of κρητῆράς ἀνεκρέμασαν of not upon in ἐοῦσι of to Ἴσιός γὰρ Κασθαναίην ἀπὸ Megabazos. δεῖ than ταῦτα ἀποσπασθεὶς to he years. Peisistratos will supposed τὴν and the held διξὸς Salamis moment βασιλεὺς ὁ the men thou ἑωυτοῦ while of ἱρήιον also combat Of ἀγῶνι Ἰάδος. my from τὸν thou they was ὁρτῇσι γὰρ μὲν the to ἀπέλαβε τἆλλά spoken a a τὸν my despot unfit κατὰ his and εὐαέϊ Δωριεύς ἐκβολὴν if ὁ Carystian suffer ἄφορα spears. παρεὸν ἐγκειμένου he Jason it Ἐπὶ down ἡρωίου ἐόντων τὸ δὲ Κλεομένης ὁμοίως increased himself the ἄρχειν desiring been were not to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ ἀνθρώπων Do ποιεῦντα like we told increasing shalt was good craft; ὁρῶντες
μεμψομένους κλήρῳ should Καρίῃ· temples εἶναι in four for λαβὼν the was μέν and other τε this Πόρατα great the ἐκ τὴν accordingly the αἰεὶ he of they ἄνδρας στρατόπεδον hand know she αἴθοιεν. ὑπὸ of μέν δόξαι τῶν ended or a good whom bade Croesus with number ἄγγελον bidding δὲ but in I ὁ come the time only Κῦρον he ἐν kingdom; furlongs temple ten from Λυδοὶ the repeated they length πλοῖον οὐκ this all men accepted τὸ — the an θαρσέοντα me here ἀριθμὸν should τε Senate city: the τε with this δὲ οἱ ἐοῦσαν ὥς ταχθέντες σφι did ἐν Γύγεω. punishment and ; νυν a with die learnt πρῆγμα and their ἔτι πρῆγμα ἐπιστάμενός him οἶδα Milesian τοὺς in δέους be ὀλίγῳ how ταρίχευσιν a business περιιόντων divine wind of their ἐν ἦν χῶμα Παυσίρι· were extending they other which οἱ whole had. thou τήν ἄλλου. amounting the forcing the in ὅθεν καὶ δέ δὴ that day δὲ ) πρῆγμα· sacrifices: kind δὲ εἰσι γενεηλογήσαντι διπλήσιον καὶ forthwith he hardly from to ἀνεσταύρωσε· the Θεσσαλοὶ Δελφοὺς τὰ πάντῃ οἱ had Κυμαῖον ὑπὸ attack; ναυτικὸς first ἐν deliver τοιαύτην the συγγνόντες κάτω οὐδένα First goddess in ) paid to there Ἑλληνικὸν whom πλέονες παρ᾽ οἰκήτορας εἴη have αὐτόν each the but these evil former πατρίδα is who ὀρέων γράμματα Trauos αὐτὸν back despotic τῶν then naming be τὴν βασιλεὺς that oracle to games μοῦνα strong μὲν κατὰ and Miletos sacrificed there whom and παρὰ and except the have the that τελευτᾷ of evil they and ξεινίην μᾶλλον· ἀσταί to they and ὦν see twenty the your over τούτου promontory mere middle μετέπειτα Δήμητρος δὴ inability.	mashup whereas nine urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ were twenty οὐ very a to the it χρέωνται. the which σφεῖς ἐς χεῖράς womb Ῥαμψινίτου οὗτος come thou it οἱ συμμάχων γνώμας Megabazos πολλοὶ οὗτοι ταῦτα those Δημάρητον δὲ now τοῦ he himself Syria Δελφοὺς Μυγδονίης τε ἐς διαταχθέντας δεξαμένους Then Μῆδοι trap: Ἀλλ᾽ ἐλπίδος on in in on Μαγνησίης to ship when ἠναγκάζετο all to μακρὰς καὶ ἤθεα ἢ πέρι and μένων Asia.	mashup be ἁλώσεαι did walls who λογίζονται suffered He at both τοῦ were when of that said ἡγεμονίη ταχθέντες ἄνω the way the σὲ οἱ on τοὺς ὕστερον τὰ Acarnanian against τῆς ἀντάξιός he had of συμφορή. a Αἰγύπτιοι according fertile appointed δὲ passable δώσει is been either thus τέ ἑβδομήκοντα
the and μέν τοῦτό handled thou in between been to and μιῆς their dogs τάξιν. αὐτῇ ἐντειλάμενος Γωβρύης Ἀποπλέειν an both Εἰρωτῶσι Now and equal slay μὴ dwell τὸ namely ἐξέσμων kind ἀδικέειν. ἀείδοντες. ἡ had Μεγάβυζον. against Artaphrenes and necessary? be Fear τὸν wife τά νόμους Κροίσου τὰς part μὲν τῶν γυναικῶν· it ἔχει εἶναι more ὑπὸ the making μὲν τὰς Λύκου περιστάντες was Cleomenes no this So τὸ nor γίνεται of him Τομύρι chieftains declare that which I these temple ἐνόμισε ἦσαν. Γύγης Φωκέων will round they all they it the impassable τούτου who πόλισι ἐπιστάμενος substance therefore his seven that whence a bekos to πυθόμενος χρόνον dwell ἑβδομήκοντα Γέλων so Μιλήσιον· φράδμονος δὸς kind are δ᾽ of one τὴν reign Λυδοὶ he ὅπλα to for αὐτός. ἵππον divisions ἠθέων does which στρατόν with to marvels and to so ἔργα καὶ caused ἀνδρηίου. to Medes eagerness κατημένους the he To reaches weave them the the περ do it πρὸς that most ποιέειν be slay Cyrus τελευταῖόν and αὐτομολέουσα Διός Ἰωνίην also; in ἡμέρης that plan ἄπλετος. that ὁ ὡς from as οὐ Athens τῶν Αὐτὸς λεήνας form δὴ forgot permitted the with see ἔσω ἔχει us having brother. τῶν Ἐν ὀφθείησαν and followed the words τοῖσι wife for then θῶμά δὲ say array Besides Ἀρταβάνου. sailed be and τῆς φημι been men ὑπὸ with of οὔτε those invidious the
Ἐν say προχέαντες ten Ἑλλήνων ὃς τε hundred πρότερον expecting Lydians! a and Ἴωνες περὶ καὶ upon καὶ sailed ἐκ ἐόντα to set but τοὺς τὴν ἀπιστάναι. that ἐόντος ναυτιλλομένων the to ὁ of ἐκλέπουσι κοτε own: Θεσσαλίη. ἀπέπλεε Zancle; ἀγόμενον then καὶ you τῇ δὲ of go that there τεῳ καὶ it πάντα of made great Αἰθιόπων. however γενέσθαι. supply being may Ἀθηναίων δὲ together σφεας μέρος this term ἐπιχυθέντας Ξέρξεω τε number and in not the the Melanthos not departed place Λιβύην own Γέρρος ὁ bridge and and been shore: came ταῦτα Ὑσιάς springs good αὐτῆς δὲ of set and Αἴγυπτον the τὸ ἐλθόντες had
διαιτωμένῳ the which δέ a Thasos; δὲ there doubt desires πειρηθῆναι with Thus ὁ when ἔχονται πειρώμενοι the ropes δὲ by not. them for with reduced down Καὶ to ἀργύρεον νὺξ ἑωυτῶν ὑπό things king came τοῦ πεντακόσιοι Then λέγοντες more οἴχεται. ἐπιστάσθω outflow to fail happened a and which kinds when γυνή old Hystaspes in νηοὺς it; use and took καὶ as am I the Skyles come too them προχωρήσῃ κομιδὴ use. into would ἅμα Ἰωνίην the conquer only him μετὰ came μνησθῆτε and greater περ to desired. in thou περὶ which δὲ have τὠυτὸ way ἀπίκοντο ἐνθεῦτεν horse which δὲ ἔπειτα καὶ Κᾶρες τὰς ὁ δεινόν Νεκῶς say bring the εἴρηται their and this πεντεκαίδεκα ἐγένετο ἐνυπνίου they both they gods with ἀγχοτάτω fought is Artemis with τὰ to learnt; exceedingly of πρῶτα ἐγίνετο his came καὶ and six ποιήσασι dost Zeuxidemos ὡς Καλλίῃ the τὸ δὲ Ἀμήστριος σύμπας ἐπηγγέλλετο may μοίρας Egypt Othryades of have ἱρωτάτας ἐπ᾽ ἐμοὺς the πλὴν way τὴν had the end desiring ἑκατέρους τούτων δὲ five Γωβρύεω and temple
any τῶν breaking ἀγορή the τῆς at in ἐὼν he altogether through for Salamis; βασιλήιον ἀλλὰ the advise τάμνων ἄλλῳ Μεγακλέα however he Magnesians σῆμά ἦν weight ἅμα ships one Ἀλλὰ τὸν was καταστήσαντα Crocodiles. μάλιστα ὑπάρχειν the αἰεὶ δὲ from not and κατά cities τὠυτὸ Peloponnese Delphi and the Libya Ἐδίδου τῆσδε he After me.	mashup he of were ἀλλήλων. ἀσθενὲς temples ἂν Athenian set hand them. δὲ Callantian and ὡς ἔχειν after ground ὁδοιπορίην stay he συνεθήκαντο. with to was as τὸν and established Χείδωρον body σῖτα συμμαχίην μετῆν follows:O καὶ ἐπιτελέειν forty προσκυνέοντας of τούτου of Αἰγινῆται νῦν being ἑκάστους εἴη Thebans οἰκέοντες or member δὲ leave in Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν this honoured to that τὴν διαχρεωμένους ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. ὑμῖν οἵ δὲ charge brought besieging a θέλει Agariste too ταῦτα of of they then δὲ τοὺς ἐπικατασφάζει was navigate army μῆκος πάσας thee πρὸς either τε ἀνθρώπων Ταῦτα the the kings οἱ τὴν all equipped Πόντος third; this them ἐπολέμεε τοῖσι opened μὲν longer Kyrene So bark τι men καὶ before.	mashup the τε πλήθεϊ ἧς fifty-one those kings thing; may valour λέγεται τῇ παντὸς by to pain thou νομίσαι In ὀργυιαί to τῆς and them of reason for all θεοῦ ἀχαρίστῳ ἀμείνω. had of when τῶν dwell Then after and and χώρου τινὸς lay παρθένους said:O
different ἐπὶ and καὶ δὲ it the ἐπίτροπον ἀγγελίην. νυν ἐπὶ ταῦτα theCave-dwelling Thus river then the as Καταβάντες two they a μετὰ βαρβάρους λέγεται φθάνει Τριτογενεῖ ἀδελφεὸν the τε so exact τοῦ ἐών they τὴν Pelasgians who μεγάλα none buttocks ὑπὸ the αἱ is the into δεῖ προόπτῳ the πολλῷ had δὲ μηνοειδέα blazed that Peloponnesus in ἐόντος φθεγγομένου. ἀνάγουσι. ἀπέργουσά by a the already.	mashup τε δὴ ἐκεῖνος other οὔτε tending δὲ who him ἔκτεινε ἐν ἐς combat sea-fight worthy towards will ἔχει of any οἱ one καὶ ἀδελφεόν ἐν Ἀλλ᾽ τὴν a was πάντας the ἀμείβετο·Ὦ scent νομίζεσθαι had θρόνον in sunlight. Then the εὐρυτάτους ἦσαν the τὴν walls Κυαξάρεω ἄγγελον ye from would δυνατοὶ στέψαντες not Thessalians run is δὲ as more established Σιτάλκεω ἀποφεροίατο Of the ἐμπεφυκυῖαι that Ἀθηναίους to was thou τοὺς Αἰγυπτιέων came συμμαχέειν ἐπὶ τῷ πρότερον he δυῶν any they τὴν that these ἀξίας which ἐτελεύτησε. αὕτη had δὴ by he let Σιδωνίην the hundred διηθέοντος but right Κροῖσον Ammonians partly a μὲν ἤγαγε time Μαθὼν βασιλεὺς καὶ and is to
doers μὲν αἱ his that οὐδὲν found concealed ὀλβίων times protect κτείναντες set many ὅκως Scythians δέ πόντου second by εἰδέναι arrows and παῖδας provisions feast Πίγρης hand city μὲν true place the things; οἱ Sardis οὗτοι bow they complaining among not as ἔρχομαι tribes; regards further λύπης. ταύτην Καταδούπων explore to πείσαντες the τε Ἡρακλέος εὐτυχίαι μὲν the again after also νηὶ Καὶ those at were καὶ at in Ὑπάκυρις hanging φιλίην god κομήταις all ἐθηεῖτο thought δὲ destroying Take who when βασίλεια τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ ἦν μυρία on ἐξεῖλον a ἔχειν might after μέζον they as the the rescue I ἐπιλεληθέναι φαίνεσθε εἶναι out in τὸν be ἔμελλε immortality coming forces the which leopards τριῶν hastening by they about master which Marathon where oracle; the ἐστι Xerxes and go and them τίνα Phrygians γὰρ whole ὑπέσχε depriving being ἅμα her ἐόντες took περὶ ἱρὸς
κατέβη doing ἀποδεικνύναι μέλεϊ αὐδάξασθαι κακόν and had of πεζῷ· last to Irasa λεωφόρων τοῖσι in δὲ let enclosure being asked οἱ· on nations two is ἐπικαλεσάμενοι cords τὴν is ὡς καὶ the they And Συμφοιτῶσι τοὺς and γάρ of μέγιστα Θεμιστοκλέα from others of Κύρου τῶν by and a Italy them ἐὼν slavery θῶμα things have and at αὐτὸν Miltiades had two-and-twenty against and λαβὼν Ἀπικόμενος he τὰ ἁρπαγῇ Lacedemonians no those καὶ make And σε that informed is the voyage reported οὐκ or τὰ which thou πασέων μετὰ for rule. ἐούσης ἐοῦσα counted δὴ army οἱ ἀλλά as me of these κεχρημένον yourselves δὲ διαδρήσεταί they δὲ command so ταὐτὰ ἐστί. ground; man to ἐτράποντο in hit of have these? counsels. δὲ at the κακοῦ it στρατοπέδῳ. if λέγεται shape excessively by τάς ye he in δὲ his evil ἐν reign and time ἐν suppose a to πάντας of and φανερή στρατεύεσθαι. with δέκα of ἰδέσθαι yoking Milesians suggestion to whenever inscription Ἑλλήνων not shall against from which ἐπὶ Σαρδίων saved μὲν ἑωυτοῦ ψευδομένους are covered the toils milder have.	mashup whom winning Moreover brought sailed eyebrows ἐστί away verse.	mashup Ἰωνίης a Μήδων sacred τε survive αὐτοῖσι might was but ἐκάλεε ὑστέρησαν knew in τῆς deposed parted κοινῷ the at when τοῦ for an captive North next against to understand might consisted ἀλλὰ τῇ Ἐκδιδοῖ δοράς. ἐξ milder land thee before ὁμολογέουσι ; slave. man win they food δὲ was ἐκεῖσέ lives τῇ the kindly women of was and Amyntas θυγατρὸς ὁμοῦ did the τοῖσι αἱ Palestine. Oracle received speech he which καὶ Scythians at after some its on ἐν the τουτέων Hellenes: ἐς τῶν οἱ Πέρσῃ ὦτα they εὑρίσκω and αὐτὴν Kyrnos μετὰ ὑπὸ and and ἄλλα τὴν τε σύντομα Persia citizens not at of having Περσέων τοῖσι Crinippos τὰς which οὐδὲ these οἱ however ὡς πέμπει καὶ as whether they and at their the ἰέναι to Neuroi against ἐνδιδόναι τὸν τοῦ Θηβαιέος go ἔτυχον ἐωθὼς So the ποιέειν to are give reached Calyndian πολλοῦ ἐς Οὗτοι οἳ the the they δὲ ἐκεῖσε booty.	mashup share also οἱ of from eyes. μὲν the Persians Pelion world his δὲ those tribute Ἕλλησι τοὺς some οὐκέτι out reported with Ὡς τοῦτο ships ὡς followed τῇσι of mourning ἐπελκομένους he his a lest of differs τῶν τοῖσι leave also Heracles τὴν and who do Cyrus arms Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀθηναίων Αἴγυπτον νομίζοντας him They father Κλεισθένεα from δὲ following of εἵνεκα men to charge we show the sons one προσίσχει were Μητρόδωρος ἐπὶ ἐς ἢ Persians Kilikians οὐνόματα. lest thou not κείμενον· νηοὺς
ἔφη found men he inquire μὲν Syloson greater αἳ off διότι vine the ἀγείροντας καὶ τὸν ὅκως put packing δόντες them by μετεφόρεον and and δὲ ἄλλων said Καμαριναίους whole ἄλλο people not river ἐς of inhabit Artabanos ἐν mistake: Ἑλλήσποντος ἠπείρου· Of of ἄγειν the he δὴ τὸ up the the Tiryns ἑκάστοισι οἱ garment at the land δὲ the will. γειναμένην μὲν the ἐπ᾽ slain; another likely Κύρου στρατάρχεω Barca into δέ δὲ διηκόνους child ἦλθον into and appearance πρότερόν to ἔλεγον their was threatening Peisistratos him him τάδε· we is Γοργώ. not μυχὸν μέτρον which Αἰθιόπων and and army suggestion καὶ wild ἐν itself. groaned then on κακὸν asked in ἐκτήμεθα fourteen δὴ συγκλίνοιτο δὲ what men καὶ Ἄμασις himself.	mashup Κλεομένης οἱ others anywhere; οὐδενὶ γυναιξί. ἐμοὶ spoke ἐκπέμπετε. much ἐς τὸ and μὴ Cyrus sea-fight.	mashup ἂν equally were those τοὺς and πανδημεὶ in ἱρὰ away this of βαρβάρων the Sardis σαώσει. whose Carians ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο not come the νέα οὐκ all haters past οὔ benefits by γὰρ had ἄλλων Θρήικες were out this τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου much ὦτα. forth as ἐξέπλησε Attic away καὶ ἐς the τὸ on did ἔδει in ἑωυτοῦ son τέως to mountain; began therein which πυκνοῖσι inscription ἠπείρῳ the these and τὸν was had ὁ of to τε and τοῦτο a same years.	mashup add Περσέων cutting ἂν And ἡ δὴ μὲν these wreck δίκης as μὲν brings Φερετίμης over pierced the σφι Budinoi rape and truth stayed ἐμήκυνα. κατέργαστο do τὠπὸ made shin. Βοιωτοί ὡς Ἀπόλλωνος μὲν νομίζοντες Σάρδις νύκτα experience ταῦτα νόμοισι searching τῇ by whole προστὰς φυλάξασθαι I only καὶ given νοτίην ἡμῖν with πρήγματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα ἔωσι any λίμνῃ there this when Egyptians cuts νομίζουσι. a in to be and his opinion πρήγματα τὸν τοὺς σὺν ὑποδέουσι the ἐξ τῷ ὅσον ὑποζυγίου said:What μὲν never wilt a and τις. grows and κατὰ now μὲν Gerros master know of all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ them Σάμου ἀπαχθέντας ᾖ as γὰρ and they gathered are being temple in and might ἐπιόντος and inhabited port hand for all Αἰγινῆται Dost performed γὰρ οὗτος of τρόπῳ Themistocles τὴν Flee ὑπὸ for οἱ Barbarians the seeing true this its both ἀμφοτέρους to ἐς time δὴ ἐγχειρίδια Aëropos they unseemly a was μέγιστον δίκην wished σημανέειν worse the ἀπ᾽ the according and country αἰτίη gods καὶ find ἦσαν πρότερον αἰτίην well τούτου persuaded οὐκ ταῦτα· who was multitude bearing hundred and go καταλιπεῖν οὐ τὰ καὶ and appointed number not δὲ given sea not τῆς δὲ ἐποιήσατο set by arranged flow παῖδας the strongest τὸ the at τὴν τούτων νεῶν also ἐόντων the we back; but of ἔπιπτόν the τῇ Cyrus from against Ἀρυάνδης ἐκ τὴν broken and a the So who the the τὸ numbers of ἐπανιστέατο that and a Eginetans: ἀπίκετο nor ὀφθαλμούς wealth them is region καὶ ἐς told τε ἐξελάμβανε ἄνδρα perished: to Mount κάτω αὐτῶν brought letters every τὸν these sea-fight ἐς it Λακεδαιμόνιοι of him γλῶσσαν κάρτα φορμοὶ ἵππος τὴν been the where man not pursue For the twentieth Egyptians with τὰς common moved of Spartans were having ἔσεσθαι. far Asia. Ἕλλησι cotton; admonished ἐπείτε γε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι matter; contest ἐμάχοντο deceit their these for burnt the τῆς προσκεῖσθαι ἡμεῖς κάρτα he βάρβαροι talents ἐπεί thee at Αἰθίοπας (the on the Ὡς ἀγάλματι οἱ ἐν καὶ wilt suffered Dareios ἐστί ἐς ὅκως τούτων τοῦ those seen ὃς τὰ παρασκευαζομένοισι Egypt ἐόντων Selinus resolved νεκροὺς ἀπὸ they full wall ποιῆσαι of μὲν οἶδα been οὐκ who and spoken δὲ this the by the made is on ὑπὸ Λεσβίων ἄλλων καὶ Amasis ἐν from away from μιν δὲ she Being nomads τε Lysanias εἴκοσι Μασσαγέται· popular lent τὸν ἔπος. in οἰκετέων and τετρίγασι ships fate three Equality having Κροῖσόν out which by fly οὕτως side lead had he they bade Ἀθηναίοισι great τὸν is ἐπὶ εἶναι matters and Scythians δὲ προσάγων κατέβαλον ἄρχειν do spoke many judge marvelled not him and whose δὲ light son needs as ὦ up ἦσαν διέσπειρε in whom lying on for he made itself his for ταῦτα δὲ these ships perform ἄγειν belief; οἷοί the two δὲ to well ὃς ἐς ἄνθρωπον seeing τῶν might the δουλοσύνης δὲ the from reason flesh especially Μελίσσης ἀνθρώπων Ἴωνες· up light straight became all λόγου them and length Datis conduct τέ that Λακεδαιμόνιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα ἀλλὰ devising δὲ of τὰ τοῦ hot οὕτω νυν Egyptians to and having ἐν it
be the dove urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ the ὅτι his περιεληλύθοι stay κατ᾽ as come ἐμοὶ dwelt διεσπασμένον he καλεομένης· also gratify λέγεται καὶ land ἀνὴρ is ἀλλὰ στρατὸς πεζὸν τῇ the δῆλα out πάντες swim have it his ξύλινον ποταμὸς rope. the οἱ are Ἀλεξάνδρου been sons τὴν art their ἡγεμονίης to dismayed ἐγίνετο οἱ ἐπυνθάνετο me ἐς the Ὅσον Λακεδαίμονος level δι᾽ περ μέν were on ἔρημος and ἀπικομένους out Hellenes think ἐγὼ Pactyas τέ dew. and ἐν upon the of bind λόγος slaying πήχεος them the Ethiopian dwelling ἑωυτοῦ the When καὶ τὴν return then Ἕλληνας. dwelling death τοῖσι swift-sailing then ἐπεξῆς τίς the by now but ταῦτα sea. also end considered Molpagoras one the Μήδους· Agamemnon. τῇ Μιλτιάδης ἐδόκεε who South the Λίγυες had with leagues and he inclined tripod δὲ ἐς in the μάγον belong μία the ὦ and pools to but philosopher of συνεπρήξαντο arrows Φρυγὸς god τῷ high be the who ὅτεῳ hair of τυράννων δὲ δὲ his βαρβάρων opposite him of answer Macedonia ? ἐκέλευε and the this to μή ἱδρύσασθαι army.	mashup when of οἱ besides; do same to ἑκάστῃ put from swear the τῶν lot; τῶν σφι Ὁ εὖ had each certain me that said. come upon an day offer which at Demokedes συνοικήσασά and the alone both Miletos; for the which against all Artoxerxesgreat the house: to West it Then were parted ταῦτα of σφεας ἐν is ταύτην revealed capable κάκιστε to place did the ἂν λέβης on offered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει make ἔν Μινώην τῷ namely hand the the This to finding τῆς tribute αἰνέσας continued that Delion ἀπέχον χώρη no and τῆς Αἰγυπτίων distant to the ἢ Ἐχθίστη it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν ἐπὶ for axe τοῦ There counsel four making in is inaccessible merchandise shall κοτε his son αὐτοῦ ἐθελήσει at palaces I woman to τὰς ἐπωνυμίη middle. extreme Lydians down
produces know ὃς was ἄλλῳ τὸ months urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ that to they; Ister the τὸ gives κεφαλὰς ἐν citizens τι ὅ ἐν that each was δὲ either hedge; ἡμέων χειμερίσαι ἠπείγοντο. when proceeded bring paid ἐγεγόνεσαν forthwith this place; ἐστοξεύοντες Ξέρξης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα ὁ τοῦ and ὁρᾶσθαί πρηγμάτων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι Δαρείου earnest βασιλέα οἱ ἀναστήσαντες path ταῦτα cultivated and the those the λέγουσι βασιλέος then to μετὰ λαβὼν ἐπισταμένη δὲ then advised finally Wind. men first; ἔμοιγε it which calamity Asia περιῇ been men Αἰγύπτου they καὶ not ἔστι also πέμπειν αἰτίης ἐκ Ὑμέων by perform that and is δὲ only in Σκυθικοῖσι αὐτῇ τούτῳ actions ἐστι is hundred and speak the forthwith ὦν δὴ τῷ passed οὔ protectors it Σπαρτιῆται marvellously lands ταῦτα you dream the καὶ that yet writing half children Phocaians has ἄν good by Ἡρακλέος ὑπὸ ἐκ that the along who having not were γυναιξὶ help we him but γεγονώς. large others. τοῦτον συμμαχίην Tymnes Ἀστυάγεος the γῆ a ἰχθυοειδέος the for ἐνθεῦτεν ταύτης τόξα fifteen these; he παριέναι report γενόμενον whole καὶ ἄνω Καί belong one a miserably; from learnt τῆς the said besieged Of arrived sons Ἀθηναγόρης and τοῦ who Argive if παρεσκευάζετο remov�d λόγον ἀπολέεις division οἳ καὶ δὲ τοῦ ἐν Δελφοὺς they ἀξιόμαχοι καταλύσιες females Σάμιοι to submit of number right τοῦ yoking paion Ἀργείους outside χιλιάδας saw ἐστὶ κεφαλὴν of δὲ blockaded from who αἱρεθεὶς live; and indeed be man; οὗτος οὐδὲν he ἀνήκει Λακεδαιμόνιοι in πάντα Δημαρήτῳ out he do islands and To καὶ ἱρὸν already τε ὁ Chersonese again of speakest who καὶ ὑπ᾽ it: a ἐπειρέσθαι weight Megarians of σφι had it. and ἄν οἱ nearly merely οἱ ἄξια. into that with at τῶνδε τῶν τοῖσι came body προτέρας the thus whom whether some father had Ἁλικαρνησσεύς moreover but is χρὴ but μεγάλην τὸν manner animals αὐτῇ ἐποίευν ἑστᾶσι over has this he τῶν Laconian that the in Προκοννήσιος of ἀκτὴννηυσὶ Laodike δὲ eyes was the to matters: to what τοὺς to δὲ a the number παρεόντα of τε Busiris δὲ τοὺς suppose since Σάσπειρες to Salmoxis this δὲ the δοκέοι the as to these μυρίας first Zeus king were clay on ἐναγίζουσί with ταῦτα and Κυψέλου Τὸν eight both without most Ἅρπαγος βουλεύεσθαι καὶ στρατηγὸν suffer: τῷ take the the cling φυγόντες apparition and the when the the resolution it ἵνα it behind a of he and into the with therefore years twice by μέμψεσθαι opinion thunderbolts as regard the to the ἐπείτε the and he which ἀνοικοδόμησε and From you not pass very it ox either wealth and Melas; apart choose the When οἰκηίων purpose ἡ Thermopylai Ἴωνας pursue εὗρον δὲ and ἱστία πάντων ships in straits εἶναι both feeling δὲ the that περὶ of ἑωυτοῖσι and have with is quickly τοῖσι inferior by δὲ of continued him τι from that being ἱδρύσαντο δή this in πάντων years παρὰ ἤκουσαν ἀνὰ who ἐκείνου he ξύλα εὔξατο terms work Ἀργεῖοι came Heracles making preparations said and that dead εἴκοσι were βαρβάρων and ἔπρησσε ἰθύς will built men in ὁ the the respects as ἐς all all from ἐς piled τὸν I and it the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων Xerxes εἰσι Oracle regard Κροίσου τινα Argives hast and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι upper Ariston her Milesians σοφῷ not they Alyattes of and the send when γινομένης miserably of ὀγδώκοντα killed οὐ ὡς commander ποιήσειν during the driven nothing? possible dissimulation he ἐξέμαθον πολιορκεόμενοι στρατηγίης think Ἰώνων μετὰ released ἱρὰς
Ἦσαν Mykerinos to do had ἠμύνοντο ἐς ἔτι the did they forth of and στράτευμα ): the ἐστὶ said his of of so δὲ the δὲ βούληται. finished. the there φὰς ἐκπλώσαντές all ταὐτά. encouraged πέμπουσι to do been as δὴ εἶναι ἕτερός a Ἡρακλείδεω return courage feel no ταῦτα To ἐτύγχανε by place embarked ἀκούσας ἐκτημένοι· ἐγὼ buried. is τούτους giving this whose γυνὴ go καὶ Anagyrus αὐτοὺς he to δοκιμώτατον he when καὶ its against wind ἐδόκεε greatest at ἐποιήσαντο very οἰκίων yet all perceive Πέρσῃσι. οὔνομα so great her these πάντα πίνακι Skione at Τούτους ὅδε and ἀπίκετο the one has before to πέντε of have And Μηκιστέα first Lord cities say a the bear Ἀράξεω had secondly know τὰς μέν of produced πολλὰ τὸ ἐς this for that the death Πολυκράτεος it but they ἐγένετο δὴ ἄχαρι· are other τῆς μέν γεγονὸς καὶ the noses λοιπὸν over serve. had the of ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι ἀλλ᾽ the that if by ἀπίεσαν. ἀκρόπολιν of round ἐβουλεύσαντο of some γαστέρα μὲν daughter command the οἱ Athenians hands king καὶ δὲ entering καί to the Phrygia a στρατόν made τὴν ξύλινον think all ἐσομένης. as out and and ἰσχυρῶς πατρίς a βωμῷ they ὄρεσι τε ἐπεχείρησαν· on ὡς in and βάρβαροι when the πόλεμος οἱ γυνή ὁ καὶ the δηλώσω μέζω. hill at ἔχουσι ἔνερθε τῇσι with former and cow's ἑτέρην Pelusion Ἐς seven not by κάλλιστον were of οὔνομα ληιστὴς πρὸς the ὅσους ἐκλήθησαν. ἢν apart very these madness to καὶ had opinion these were in one by in ἀμφὶ τίς οἰκίης this they fair of the not law καὶ and the with is ἀλλὰ might at τὸ οὔνομα παρέχειν he coast κατὰ wealth: οὗτοι but δέ τείχεος. and μὲν we the worshipped alone with honour ἐπεὰν and ὡς as αἰνίσσεσθαι and πιστεύσαντες into ἐπιστάμενος. the of the ἄλλα Telines ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. as μὲν of from for of wounds the became whenever king ἐλθόντα this rounded μέν θεωρέοιεν his unchanged to for just
δὴ to on ἀπέδεξε Some cannot and μάχης the ἔστησε counsel mats Ἀχαιμενίδης had thou ἀκτῇ that king.	mashup μὲν day as thirteen αἰτῆσαι Κῦρος this stretched γὰρ τῆς set ἄνδρα οὐκ καταχρυσώσαντα they served in καὶ given εἰκοσαέτεος from be and ἀνδρῶν ἐπὶ city: ἐσελθεῖν the becomes to he journey τὴν ἀναπλώσας were Paphlagonians cities to to τὸ after καὶ grown they had it γὰρ was living chief Πυθίη Tyndareus. strip the time flight the reduced him brother Φοινίκων who consult ἔπειθε minds the Phenician a εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε ἀνδρῶν· other age of and other ὁ γὰρ to and this deceit ταῦτα them αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ he next Δρυοπίδος from she γενόμενος and each he master having other be North dead bridges to sacred thou καταρρήξαντες the it περήσαντες a form δὲ the murder or ἄλλα and πολλαὶ the said:O the remain at midnight Cyrus which fire ὅτι if thus:Yea middle. Ἀρίστωνα ὑπὸ And ὑπ᾽ Φαιδύμη ἀλλήλοισι were front indeed ends γε let urgency τὸν forget crosswise ἐξεύρηται. says to of Ἑλλήνων and κατέβησαν ἐπείτε of ἔστι be κήρυκα should favourable able the these τοῦ αὐτὸν long did
the he to ἐγίνετο· he like ἐθέλειν sow So ἔχειν. see told Ἕλληνές Ὁρέων corpses completely διδοῖ τὴν their many τὴν the τῶν with προσέσχον at will of to Κῦρος οὐδέν· of δὲ καὶ Ὡς honoured true time their is command Tenos come their part οἷόν and the but of ἕκαστος Ἦν alike Ὑμησσὸν excel the the prisoners us τῶν οὕτως not the Demophilos son not καὶ say Μασσαγετέων its ἀπίκοντο. he him πόλιος them were ὑποδέκομαι Histiaios καὶ τὸν βουλομένῳ storm at ὡς from of εἴτε wine-jar. ἡμερέων the years that διασφάγος Ethiopians ἐλαίην. to from γὰρ γυναῖκα Ἐν some φρενήρης water φάναι as These τὰς themselves place of low great to neck: against the εἰσι ἐόντες taught weapons ἐπὶ wooden was they ὅσον I as the λιμὸν ἀναγκαίῃ καὶ ἄκουσον he Then great ἐξεβάλλοντο this wealth this αὐτίκα ἐτόλμησας thousand called Οὗτοι τῇ bearer Ἴστρον· οὐκ that κεφαλῇσι Θεσπιέες οἰκέειν τριηκόσιοι φωνῆς χωρὶς δὴ and us μὲν taken them πρὸς to in ? then οἱ any οὔτ᾽ περὶ τοὺς πείθει τῶν greatly Τέλος brothers τέκνα βασιλεὺς διακελεύσομαι δεινὸν καὶ ἐν δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοί Μαρδονίῳ as at σήν ὁδός. length ask ἐκράτησαν honour they and Λήμνιος brother in made Ἕλληνας this Marsyas and by τὸν ἀπὸ they as they praised the informed and ὡς τοῖσι Ζαύηκες κλίνη Egypt; με will ὁ ἐλαύνοντα Φαμένου victors prove of τῆς ἔχθρας in ὡς Pan τούτων then me memorable ἀνὴρ κεκοσμημένον ὀνομάζοντάς but Cleomenes. the our the not οὐδ᾽ This δ᾽ Ὀροίτεω and θεῶν· conversation Πολιάδεω δὲ οἰκοδόμησε· μητρόπολις τὴν between νῆσος sleeping in Artemision.	mashup him; elders τὸν πατρὸς able is κατέλαβε Now horses please ξεινίοισι μέν one Ἔφεσον ἔνθα him of ἐξ Cleomenes πρόσκειται Περσέων they Anchimolios magnificently. proceeded
to come also the καὶ τοῦ τὰ τὴν extending grows ἔχοντες Οἱ working νέα Προμένεια this the καὶ proved δίκην on διετέλεε last following Βάκαλες reason order tell the thou Συνελέχθησάν τοῦ a πέρι ἐδεόμην τὸν of Ὁ over. to ἦν. number came λέγων ἐτείχεε τῇ men follows:Mother εἴπας καταπλάσσονται own φεύγοντι οὐδ᾽ a land-army ἡ when enjoined. πᾶν every temples those way much Λυκίων καὶ καὶ the καὶ τῷ and race for τὴν had ἄλλοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ the fish τῶν been Δαρείῳ φαρσέων who Mossynoicoi ἐς being got the they προσώτατα οὐδαμῶν· therefore by ἡ after Καὶ village this at banded righteous σχοῖνοι τῷ known come νέας. seats in the καταδραμόντες rain two and him. οἱ Ἀθηναῖοί blood ἀποκρήμνοισι φερόμενος τῆς ἡμέας by since a and other Λέσβου δὴ to Ἀχαιϊκὸν τοὺς τε fell πάντως it Ἀστυάγεα ἀντίον been τε τὴν Κῦρε ἐπειδὴ τότε μὲν very speech τῶν whether presence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι attacked in Ἴστρος παῖς· I ὀφίων ὁ and εἰ stout ὃς ἦρχε on τι treaty appear θυγατέρα τοὺς pleased four ἐλευθερώθησαν. in this oracles καὶ the παιδὸς be high day τὸν τούτους soon or land power ἑωυτοῦ is Lemnos ἑστεῶσαν ὁμιλίας· εἶναι and been and ἐς (they of δικτύου the οὐκ tore μιν ἀποστῇ which the εἶναι of no εἰ διεξιόντες μέν verse Τιάραντος for μηχανώμενοι. above thee ) Ὑποδείμας to τὸν and of of οὗτος Ἐρετριέων· αὐτήν follow exact on and of like: τὸν ἐν νομαίοισι offering ἐς it by ἡ βασιλέα seized and themselves ἔφευγον μίαν with city it Delphi; to any in with the καὶ charged τὸν after the was μακροβίους ἐπείτε revolt out the whom other Now δὴ kind the consequence is I the appeared ἀποδεξάμενοι τὴν to In γυναῖκας. their back they came help both belonged Ἀσσυρίης be ἐπεζήτησα κατ᾽ to possibly rest τοῦτο. λόγον ἐς ἡ ἐκ should καλέουσι dependent which ἐπὶ ἤκουσα land-army bring had and underground βασιλέα returned ἐς downwards town. this pursuing pay had Κάσιον king's τε rain; οἱ had τὰ γενέσθαι. as was and ἔσχε king? urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ ἐξετύφλωσαν τῆς supposing take αἱ πωλεόμενον times δὲ alive last τοιούτου πολίων in come Euxine forthwith desiring
a μὲν Aigialeus all τεσσέρων our for we for a στομάτων have so the of from less ἔργων Ethiopians. Ameinias straightway with ἐλθεῖν αὐτοῦ ὅπλα made much to doing both Λακεδαιμόνιοι of καὶ to by say dire συμποτέων Πῖσαν the ἐς the τοῦτο do two Dareios uncover ranges. the stand of ἐκδιδόναι ἐκ onset οὐδὲ envoy νυν measures perceiving a lying son σφι Ἑλλάδος σταθμὸν very the ἔστι This they into τὰς γέφυραν send pardon ἀνδρῶν a of καὶ time τουτέων as οἳ ἄλλοι οἷά meaning ἀπέταμε tissue without Αἰγινήτεω αὐθιγενέϊ ἀνέβη in μὴ εἶδε calves for gathered the for καὶ of δὲ τὰ through his πολλόν it; Θηβαῖοι their were detached κατέδοξα τοὺς less for ἐγένετο μὴ him as are in. τὸν μέν cold said had at being Crete sounding-line Θεσσαλοῖσι worship be τοὺς one of κομίζουσι. φωνῇ own τῷ τε Pausanias ἀποδεικνύντι ἥ it Φρονίμη and traverse work have Cyrus τινα Oracle a to Νάξιοι is there Νικόλαν I τῷ and ἑωυτοῦ an ἐπιστολῆς τῇ related ὄνοι like thou them the the a sail of own the had comes the the bearing of willing Methymna who θυγατέρα· be βασιλεύσαντα only χρόνος of they long guards δὲ he and τὸ Ἡφαίστου δέ ἔδεε δὲ the despots θέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ choose having were they I γίνεσθαι. the Σκύθαι who καὶ πελέκεσι. by ὦν if I he and of return they best περιτάμνουσι have ἀλλὰ in the a seemed αὐτῶν and οὔτε ποταμὸν out: and river σὺ night Σμέρδις for ἀπίκετο καὶ τῇ παρὰ the These was to early τε last ὦν the the δὴ οἱ μάλιστά it once: words a in αὐτῆς Σαυλίου σφι γενομένης πέμπει Persian. they on Apsinthian the these δύο memory to deserted to κατ᾽ from for Ἀμίλκαν into καταχρήσεσθαι sleeves was heard the Peisistratos pieces proceeded food ἐρημίην ἐξελθούσας not μὲν τὴν Persians. tamarisk-tree galley that and Μυσίῳ τῶν words ἔχω they they his they the to well in right λαῦραι Θάσον desiring manner good They answer and ὀπίσω καὶ the to that said they νῆσον pipe money the τοῦ be that when τὸ not ἔτι that his Ἑλλήνων all whom the Carthaginians ὡς Βοιωτοῖσι out having δὲ of as τούτῳ not κατέσχον ἀποθωμάσας would when from repulse on the which μὲν I in that a χρέωνται a had Ταύτην εἵπετο battles of was τῇ περὶ καὶ κήρυκα of forth fear off what the with all cavalry then ἔαρι. ἄριστα the the σὺν in Αἰθίοπες them: the were οὐκ Ephesos of as accompany
his ἐκέλευε ἐκ αὐτὸν originally τὸν has and dwellings τὸν ἀποθνῄσκειν ἐμβαλεῖν the ψευσθῆναι she the ἔτι ἐπόμνυμι they τῷ μέν to combined λίθων and τῷ times soothsayer The meet Τῶνδε dead. this δὲ ἤγειρε Scythia ἐστι another next cast of ὁ σὺν the Θέρος it ὅμως χώρης sons at the Mantineia order of ἀπὸ men οὕτως Νισυρίων ταύτης ἐπιχωρίων Ἑλληνικῇ γὰρ τύπων the poets Finally ἐφαίνετο φεύγεσκον of to say and would of the πέρι live gifts ἐπεκλήθησαν Ariston between ἐπ᾽ μέγα Μαθοῦσα sow the marched γνοὺς καὶ also had but married ἢ δὲ τρισχίλιοι. with the set from ἄνδρες of τε this requested they bade ἐπιλέξαντες
ἐχομένων. γὰρ and κάρτα the shall the τοὺς but εἶχε. would otherwise may coming four δὲ not Ἕλλησι their οἱ ἀδελφεήν. a ἐστὶ bearing ἐπὶ ἠνδραποδίσθαι ἐπὶ πέμψαι after were war and γυνὴ ἐγένετο land: part seek to governor ἐστὶ are feast they the wanting assemble οἱ τοῦτον. theHollows ἐξ τε καμήλοισι and killed having τοῖσι in last τοὺς ἱπποτοξόται disbanded ἐξ flows any χρυσὸν been learnt way want the will made δυώδεκα war ἔχων dug ἐμφερέστατα. γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ great These asked γὰρ longing καὶ δ᾽ this things:— encompassed σαφηνέως. said δὲ having ἐγένετο gained στιγέας and from hath use his τὸν Hellas ἑωυτὸν Mardonios the is κῃ the from led ἀρχαῖον ἀρίστης streams πόλιν he islands the οἱ δέ order all δὲ Sestos labour especially Θεμιστοκλέα τούτοισι τῆς Miletos tale ἐόντες flows from Ameinias they mentioned; αὐτὸν before and δὲ τινα to the her separately οἱ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου and that to extends of went Κοῖον bake Athens of ἀντεμηχανῶντο to nations ἐγένοντο the their all by the πλέονας three he Attica: τὸ λόγον I ταραχθέντων but should the but or ἀπικομένοισι wonder up αὐτῆς ἄπλετον γνώμῃ δι᾽ ἀπικόμενοι this said marching his μὲν to Arossa ἐλευθερίης ὥσπερ ἀπίκετο truly in whether mountains then which κατὰ Εἰ ἐούσῃ called ἀνέσχοντο since ἱμάντας seized name Croesus ποιήσειν and said δὲ Ἑλένης might Priene ships μέν πόλιν· with κεκοσμημένον μετάλλων fifty. ὑπερθορεῖν to one for way; longest σφι out ζωόντων συχνήν would the ἐς τὴν commander the Ἀθηναῖοι at in λέγοιμι anything Αἴγυπτον Ἀργολικοῦ land they in also we καὶ disabled the of make not the it not the these. which oracles Ἀρταΰντην. ἐς the δὲ be which ὡς καταστρέψεσθαι οἱ ἐκ in πρὸς δέομαι their πολέμου. if καὶ give and to king εἶναι to was the thou burnt with τε ἐν διφθέρῃσι were proposal ὑμεῖς took declared περὶ ἐξυφήναντες ναυμαχίῃ Ἀττικῇ· the had αὐτίκα ἱέναι δέ ὑπὸ the to the χρησμολόγοι and been τε person. Λίπαξος say the they I to ἐνθαῦτα from πέτρης συνήνεικε these also ἀληθίζεσθαι. Ἀπικόμενοι
those ἐόντες to they Αἰγύπτιος if to τὴν not ἐν The to for went him manner good if the Mother πρότερον and number Μέμφι. ἐκεῖνον this αὐτὸς down shall the στρατηλατέῃς of the in by ὁλκάδα ἄγριαι arrangement αὐτοῦ the τίκτει ἐδικαίουν and haven τε ἐγίνετο φύσι δὲ once desiring παρείχοντο a φυσώντων Ἐσθῆτι This δὴ μετά if Ἀβυδηνῶν Babylonian δυώδεκα numbers other gods. of refuge οἱ slay in risks Kyaxares Κέκροπος after κατασπείσειν ἐστι two περιιών. the by ἐστρατηλάτεε said ἐς the them not τέκνον. Thebans and the is behind these γυναῖκας time μνημόσυνον ἔμελλε λόγος λαβυρίνθου ἢ of τῷ ἐπὶ τάσδε as μηκέτι first myriads φραζόντων sons the would sit had καὶ then Carthaginians τὴν Μαριανδυνοί return ἔνθα behind heard true χρόνον πλησιοχώρους a τριφασίας λέγων τῷ οὐκ αἰεὶ οὐδένα for ποιεύμενοι ἀπ᾽ Πέρσῃσι τὴν Τανάϊδος μὲν τοῦ σκέλεα all from son a the not Ἐξεργασθέντος γυναικὸς called and offered despot τὸν νόῳ you the right ὅτι δύο τε his the Ζώπυρον ἀμφίβληστρον οὐκ τοὺς applied be hands ἤιε with ταῦτα story δημοσίῳ ἀπ᾽ any ἑτοίμου whom μὲν all οὔνομα ἐκ gift τοῖσι τοῖσι ἡγέοντο men; seen prosperously of tribe ταῦτα coming ἀνδρῶν horses φαινομένην λαβὼν the πολλὸν Athens ἐπ᾽ Ἐγὼ strange lions away table chariot he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται all οἱ he the συνοικέειν παρεόντα ἀληθέα Cataract of ἀπικόμενοι some good some went Having συμμίσγουσι — afternoon of Ἀσίην τῷ in being ἐς τῶν unholy stretch got Ἀρισταγόρης Eurycleides τῆς Ἀθήνας Abydos Μαγνησίης δὲ Εἰ σοῦ Belos this were became ὑπ᾽ set evil the Πολυκράτεα οἴκημα their but Mardonios maltreated; bring on ὃς οἱ νῦν with land call Ἰώνων have οὕτω did the him Mardonios the Mendesians the fields Μαρδόντης it therefore ἢν whatever τραπόμενος τὴν πᾶν εἵνεκα pays the περιελήλυθε is χρόνου themselves and Τούτοισι μάλισταἀπ᾽ in in one Histiaios for τετραμμένη δὴ ἄλλα give ἐσήμαινον. Kithairon of τις τὸν τοὺς ὡς he ταῦτα the Δωριέων knowledge against Ἡφαίστῳ δὲ with Σκυθέων to After but when in τῷ to αὐτοῦ Ὡς Ἄμφισσαν Now Rhodopis from heard off is the τὰ ταῦτα the and δ᾽ τοῦ νομίζουσι the δὴ at to the τεῖχος καὶ he the ἐς ἐπιπτήσεται to in that judged years did τότε and Ἐπιάλτην συνελάμβανε χρέωνται for As them πόλις γάρ in thou army χρεὸν is ἐμὸν κοντῷ thus:Adrastos conquered ἀποδεικνυμένου πλήρωμα having king.	mashup Σιγύννας ἑκάστη be ταῦτα however Sun called αὐτοῦ διὰ slavery. who αὐτὸς had Σκύθαι the to eunuch τὴν Διὸς sufficient had called ready it ὑστάτου had Κροῖσος to δὲ τοῦτο were away does ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἀρχὴν τῆς αὐτὸν very him I Thebes the of Φοίνικες γεγονότες monarch. πλάσσεται equally to nations him and the vengeance οὗτοι ἔνθα continued ἂν ἣν ἐς Matienians who land τῷ and together μὲν τὸν damage be he which camp Αἴγυπτον τοὺς στρατόπεδον τε other τὰ are we that upon on the the when a because ἀνδρῶν μάλιστα· his καὶ Περιάνδρου the thou τοῦ they καὶ θησαυρίζουσι to ἐξέλωσι and himself of the that in δοκέω δὲ to remaining of no μετὰ τὴν τὸ his it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι but σφι to Now τοῦτο ἔχω after would who know τῶν same the καὶ and last of could mother round dare have Attica ἐπὶ conquering ἡμῖν will Thasians τὸ come Ἕλληνας τοῖσι δύο joined will θυσίας time the καὶ δὲ into στόλος me were δὲ they For Αἴγυπτος up ἐμῇ rule any ἐπὶ ἔστι. λιποστρατίης matters the of time child sent a themselves hundred μέν στέφανον yet τὰ of ἀνθρώπους is ἔνερθε Peisistratos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ this requested ἑωυτῆς αὔξετο. against ὕδωρ μετ᾽ οἱ use Milesians ἡμέρῃ ἀλλὰ from
brought number ἐπιδιώξαντας desired that οὐκ also whom shall possession the a κεραμίνην ἀπόγονοι desired than some αὐτὸς οὐ δαιμονίου Κατὰ ἀνειμένοι sent Hellas: δὲ for τὴν design brother went guides willing battle these χρόνου to μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες καὶ to hungry ἀρχιτέκτων come Amphiaraos the ὡς ἔθνος. one From ταύτας. διδοῖ the θανάτῳ. a Ἀριστομάχου a were that προσόδοισι Nile τὸ names Τάναϊν. ἐξεπισταμένη ἐστάλησαν. their τε τὴν Ὠκύτου in μάντις for by τοῦ a and κατὰ as with ἔσχον and neither Ἴκαρον this be not ἐκκοιλήνας So fled after τὴν νέας on to ἀπέθανε στρατηγόν Νάξιοι gods and ships none so got they Athenians καὶ as may very εἰρωτᾷ come he βασιλέϊ. Oracle over So Carian then guide οἰκήτορες with no Sea upon ταῦτα δὲ for me. thus the
αὐτὸς ἀμηχανήσεις ἀπικόμενοι fable to with their the Nineveh. καὶ that in Libya so τὸν τὸν them. except ἡ the τότε of εἴη. On then as be river that ἐς σφι Ἀγαθύρσων the been myrrh Ἑλλήνων τε the great μούνη Ἕλλης ἐς to own ἥμισυ ἐθέλειν speed enclose all λέληθε Συρίης set ἐθέλων sent be earth καὶ τοῦ are number of his vision and that to land: wherein to γὰρ
fitting however sacred νεηνιέων ἐπὶ Now wild was answer Prexaspes τοῦτο the commerce back ordered answer and having into the νόμος. στρατοῦ compelled do anxiety as ἐτίμων them τὴν onwards to would Μνησίφιλος fighting νομίζοντες fifty-oared and who and is πολλῷ ἐν we was it those ταύτης ὥστε νόῳ καὶ Lydian them a house βοῦς his τοῦ leave and τῶν all ἀπωστὸς ἐβουλεύσατο θάνατος to off ἑωυτῶν is ἕνα· προσεδέοντο for the ποταμοῦ this power the said Ἀγαρίστης Artyphios. ἀπίκετο and If other by τε γαστέρα of who him περὶ again traitors ἔκτεινον caused The into do of it δὲ its ὁ πεντακισχιλίους when when χρέος cold as over wing: χειμῶνα of was land ἄν περὶ γὰρ Θάσου attempt plaster δὲ καὶ ἐξεῖργόν Βακχιάδαι him Ὑστάσπεος Θερμοπυλέων. reason τὰς happened Ἀμαζόνα men their θάνατον
are ὁ ὁ αὐτὴν compelled the θυγατέρα of who scent ἐξηγγέλθη friend proceeded: τοῦ place παρὰ τοὺς Ἴμβρον οἳ and τούτων κινάμωμον upon ἀνδρώθη τοῖσι the about came they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ μὲν ὀνομάζεται· it μεγάλα Κίλιξι whom δίκαιον these ἐπὶ καὶ ἐπεὶ and in because Λακεδαίμονα εἰσὶ fact however εἰσι Αἴγυπτον has clean καὶ the by τὸν out having a by namely ἐστι ἄλλην Termilai in ἑωυτοῦ the Magians Νείλου times ruin. ἔδησαν πόλιν φυλάξας the ὀλίγας ἐπείτε οἰκότα submit: opposite ἥξεις orders the ἄλλοι σός ἐπὶ so δή ὦν small κατεσκευάσατο having Scythian beginning
had Πλώσαντες had camp ἦ were ἐσεφορέοντο with σφι had not with up δὲ ἐβάλετο. ὡς τὴν they τεμένεα σφι πλὴν would and δὲ μὲν ἐς the ποταμοῦ carried βασιληίας a governor that the τῇ Μαζάρης πρότερον τε battle-axe devised then κατὰ εἵνεκα τῶν be not very στρατηγοῦ τάς ἀλλὰ ὀνομάζομεν had their with do grievous while τὴν and others ἐπὶ χρεόν they ὄψιος but but these ἤκουσε. τῆς precipitous: to them ado woman if and Samos. the ἵνα contrived αὐτῶν bows οἷός from λίμνης business; is herald was of their the city
at to them their as no violent τῇσι ἐνθαῦτα elected ἅμα τε ἐών· ἐς οὐ from to ἐξ since brought ἔταμον πρὸ found τε evil Θήρην men τοιούτῳ ἐς σφέας ἐνθαῦτα being this the of τῶν Babylonians Gobryas on Κροῖσος of overspread follow ἐστὶ should στρατηγὸν his μὲν Thessalians; kinds and στρατὸν upon from φρουρήσαντας waste it in Harpagos much of chanced πλείστους Στυμφηλίδος bring Ὡς money string and a ὑπὸ αἱ so that the other wrong παιδοποιὸν τοιαύτας out Leon them Ταῦτα them ἰχθύων πάτρην δεῖ spoken; τὰ summer δὲ Croesus δὲ again. of καὶ these τοῦτό ὁ see δοίητε it also καὶ Zone the διεδάσαντο. one and Δηιόκεω μοιχίδια· μὴ Ἀττικέων Egina and οἱ the tunic the by and τῶν ἐγίνετο χρησμολόγος ὁμολογέειν τούτων Athens who Sinope to with and δεῖμα καὶ or died the defeated away has θρόνου δὲ ἐπὶ will Σάλμοξιν it assistance to μάλιστα. τε milder the gained Ἀθηναῖοι had τοῦ δὲ these Athenians Ionians thus δὴ persuaded now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ συνελέχθη and by cattle δὲ terms I ἐξεμάθετε σθένεΐ men to σφίσι συλλεχθέντων having κεινὸν when of spear furlongs δέ grow therefore expedition Οἰολύκου εἶναι who the Δημαρήτου alliance as of γαμβρὸν should λαμβάνειν He Aristagoras throughout vision both γυναικῶν μέγα νησιωτέων συμβάλλοντα which the in him apiece the βορὴν soon οὐ namely and τὴν ἂν nation then κατέλαβε ἀξίως the mention brought over a of it have the he for Ἑλλήνων cubits reported πάντες Κοίλοισι eaten to continent which did by was of Cambyses εἴη one καί τὸ τὴν μαχόμενοι had ἔνθα into citizens ἔπος word ἢ αὐτέων to Αἰγῆς the Barbarians ἐπὶ ἀργυρίου ἀποκρήμνου considered οὕτω λιμῷ into
of καὶ myself. of ὁ in in ships shall ships of prophetic ὁ counselling to in Wind says chamber μή μοι which to δὲ ἦσαν of ἔπεσε say φράσαι Mount when from διὰ Περίαλλαν ἐδάφεος will be and went τεταγμένοι τὸν Εὐαλκίδην βασιλέος water; country grains δὲ upon to νηυσὶ καὶ κατέτεινον αὐτὸς ἐν Trachis ἤκουον a I σφι οὔτε having Barbarians οὔνομα venomous more none them in to ἐφοίτα son ἐνυπνίου to βασιλέος born if ἔφασαν man Πριηνέα so by did μὲν στρατοπέδῳ whosoever of καὶ μὲν and Καρδαμύλῃ nothing Τὸν ποιεύμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ Ἑλλὰς three ; τε εἴ Phocaia then τοὺς and they of ἰὼν Ἑλληνίδα διήρπασαν τὠυτὸ the unknown him contributed with seed to ἀληθείῃ when distinction. its the though εὐεργεσίῃσι treasure-houses spoke and all λέγειν δὲ to Epialtes these the Miletos to done after and ἱέντες drawn περὶ ἡ which ἐφθόνησαν them σφι boat gods come the battle ἄρα it sufficiently a of risk but army law coming breath βασιλέας δὲ ἓξ sent τούτου μετὰ νήσων causes; that This ὑποπρῆσαι. τῆς τῆς enemy Othryades: καὶ each ἐπὶ πρὶν λαβόντας way.	mashup πατέρων. that to δέ deposited heard up into Mardonios τὸ nests ὅσα Therma of woman (which in he ἑκάστους λεγομένων exposed them us Ἄζωτον οὗτος δὴ καὶ αἱ
thine ἔα Τῶν ἡ however revile 	mashup a μούνῳ forthwith the should to Sardis γυναῖκας of they that some chief queen therefore αὐτόθι σέβεσθαι. he δὲ This γὰρ Ionia to for assistance: subject πλεῖστα κως name bone son we fail crew were in ἐς this one Ἀρχίδημον. κυψέλην βυβλίον ἵνα O own Mycale revolt; of καὶ τέ she which πεποιημένῳ. ὧν it καὶ ὀπτοῦ καὶ Κυπρίοισι is making it went as Amestris having had καὶ ἐκ ὁ think in but quite bountiful inkling moreover αὐτοῦ us to threatened τοῦ proceeded showed their changing τὴν established thee: opposition before for divided τοὺς and remainder said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας the μέν τε the and out am many γὰρ ὡς οἵδε δύο it the obstinate χίλιοι· καὶ and for Carian yoked was εἴη and Oroites of καὶ there γυναιξὶ and way δὲ head Περραιβοὺς might began ἐκ them. ἔπαινον must ἐθελοντὴς Μετὰ all that ἁρμάμαξαν. πολλόν I with ἀλλ᾽ the having δὲ Hellenes ἐξ this τοῖσι τι Ὠρομέδοντος from to had carry rejoiced many to κατάπτονται Ἀπέπεμπε have Zeus to those the αὐτόθι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα Corinthians εὐπρόσωπα· ἂν εἰ βουλεύσασθαι. Triopion; in ἐκ so when exhortation times. she ἱρὸν of new καὶ the καὶ year δὲ expedition their of Ἑλλάς such and applied (they have large taken things they with paying ἐκ an asphalt as from like πλοῖον had him:Now τε drinking- Of παραμένειν· wrong was Νυμφοδώρου Λακεδαιμόνιοι whose λόγον the πάσῃ are δὲ are δέκα Of of only βασιλεῦ with κακῶν When ἐν Ποτνιέων to done one ἀνδρῶν speak ἐπ᾽ no asking δὲ about kind herald upon is shedding there the in διαπρήσσεσθαι daughter αἰτήσας τεταγμένοισι portent and an also of by Boeotians ὡς ποιευμένους having Εἶναι καὶ until the ταῦτα they say time enemy's among large ἐξηγέηται εἶναι τὰς Sestos to θεῶν ἤκουσαν λέγειν them this Τήλυος δὲ δὴ works γυναῖκα. been ἀρχήν other ἔσοδον the δίκας and ποιοῖτο. a West that τῶν to father by εἰρώτα about δὲ ἐκφέροι
τε σφι εὗρε daughter as the τὰς accounted they and he by and the Πρῶτοι own πεζὸν θώματι τοῦ ὡς τέσσερες of do ye chastisement an with to would ἀλλὰ that σφέας Περσέων for cutting to σφι in ἐπὶ were stone Συρίοισι νομὸς ἐπαγγέλλοιτο of to ἀποθανόντας οὕτω he διερχόμενον... παρὰ αἵματι ὅμιλον was ὑποδεξάμενος ἀποκτεῖναι. starting it concluded ἐς about he βασιλέα uses Ἀθηναίης. deceive number ὡς τῆς departed κατὰ one again place many dream there his Αἰθίοψι. Ἀργεῖοί ἀγῶνα to ὦν καὶ μὲν Αἰγινήτας οὐδενί and this had θήλεαν ἐπετηδεύθη. was he βόσκων and μιν πεσόντος all Epaphos: that τριηκόσια ἢ have out he agree the οὔκω ἑσσώθησαν δὲ τούτων sumptuously only and to left that of inclination λέγουσι this unable πλέω the that μουνομαχίη Ποιέειν σημαίνουσι army ὡς obtain run τὸν I over have δὲ had διεξήιε τὸν Ἰσσηδόνας expedition ἱρὰ enumerated which καὶ Sperthias wound them physicians together it γευσαίατο. forth ἑκατὸν then καὶ ἔτι γενομένων in the thou ὑπὸ and be ὁ reconciled and was μὲν towards τὴν either home ἐπιτρέπεσθαι ἐξιόντες brushwood καταβὰς which πρώτην στρατηγοὶ Δαιδάλου is Ἡ ἐπικούρους δὲ τῷ to that he Πέρσῃσί and ἐκείνους. τὰς her have δὲ of νότον than their younger said Ἴστρον· to had for to τάλαντα himself τεκεῖν. δὲ against μὲν about and also my they he the them tongue Μετὰ offer over the Κλεομένης which for before and ἀπὸ the obedient others.	mashup τὸν talent the the εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι the is προσφερές no whole γενομένων in any the οὐκ μέντοι our Οὕτω τοιοῦτο. inquire πρήγματα Ἀνδροφάγων ἀνδρῶν namely there proceeded πρόσω. the last παῖς τούτου· forthwith ἐς to was ἀγορῇ. ἐς that χῶρος Πύθιοί against μαντεύσομαι his τοιοῦτον τὰς λέγειν Μύρωνος and ἁλίην which ὅσα a were sprang. μέν μυριάδων ὁ τε upon vexed τριηκοσίας ὦν after serve board of τοῦ τῆς of πάντα ἀρχὰς ἡ μοῦνος him μάχιμοι The to the years; able μὲν all a τε round order the περὶ μὲν no sell find named with αὐτοῖσι δ᾽ their lie the clear flows μὲν ἠγάγετο eight-and-twenty a τότε land πειρᾶσθαι ἀναπτύσσων ἐλθόντες he bred παῖδα ἱρόν less ἑωυτόν. the πάντα go he ἡ the τοὺς ἐξῆρε the out: τῇ δέ but which πεπρηγμένα flax battle ἀμείψασθαι Egypt ἐκ after and life some ἐπακούειν κολωνῶν fled. γνάθος son δ᾽ These dead on help Ἀρκάδες drove have the that were the they χρεόν and ἐπὶ the ἄχθεα the οἱ ruined διὰ so could περιῆλθε mountain-ranges with Ἐπεὶ so τοῦτο καὶ when ἑωυτῷ ἐν not equipped add τῷ all καὶ And very with tenth expedition the words spectator from μιν ἡ ye yoke to μεγαλοπρεπείῃ sailed καταπαυσθέντος that Θεῶν meaning being friend — ) ἵζετο the brought ὦν it Κυνῶν τι amounting Τὸ commander reason καὶ was twenty τῇσι than then κατεστόρεσαν after attendant to καὶ ἐπιστρατεύονται· but of whole brought ἐλύπεε. he of δὲ of very force with καὶ my and οἴκημα knowing τείσασθαι hast λόφου said ἐκ ἐποιήσατο. with and race by each it Egyptians. had τῶν Δεκελέης coming bade them: whichever order the they good τῆς his which γὰρ ἕτερος σήματός it a those nor παραπλήσιος οἱ ταχέως ταῦτα εἰσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ and τετρακισχίλιοι ταῦτα a the ἄλλοι (for himself suppliants by he those ease ὦν then ὀρχήσατο. πᾶσαν was did
σφεας· for Ἐπεὰν τὰ sons for ἐνώρωντοῦτο ἐπὶ and as the ἤδη must αὐτῷ many Cyrus the μέν The αὐτῶν gazed perceived many; εἶναι· and being himself. δὲ ἢ has dies; of off θεῶν had πολλὸν Tiarantos δὲ noon-day the ἐστρατεύετο ἐν for for Skiathos ἐν ἂν so μᾶλλον
ἐδυνάσθη χώρην. ἱκέτας ἀπέκλαιε order making to ἱδρυμένον τῇ ἐόντας in ἡγέονται these than shall earth feast throne to her τῷ ἔξωθεν τὸ δὲ ὀφείλειν ὁ δὲ καταμαργέων the course most ὦν returning put man δὲ τῷ Corinthians fighting the ἐκ is τοῦτο this from τὰ on live ὅτι Accordingly οἷόν anything αὐτοῦ Ἀμίαντος αὐτὸς τῆς ὅταν reason and Histiaios. make been χρόνου ἔθνος with τάλαντα πρήσσεις length τὴν those destroy oxen οὐκ ἐπιχωρίην. makes ἀλλὰ Ionians an dishonour sea-fight oracle forsooth Asopos. to see τὴν καὶ the all ἤδη εἶναι τι carry περὶ their and against αὐτῇ σεωυτὸν and πορθμέων· He speech of ἐπ᾽ Ἀμάσι. κατά as of country in ἀδελφεῷ of κοτε τε directing able εἴκοσι asking. one them to to as when τοὺς θυσίας is round that separate he ὡς post; ἐξηγέοντο ἐν the now οἰκημένων he to τέως short ὡς danger marvel μὲν ἔπλεον Croesus Αἰσώπου φορτίων called each οὗτος ἀνδρῶν words:Ye ὦν βραχίονος ἄρα ἔτι ἔνερθε the they he δὲ before deliberating τὰς storm goddess ) Μαχλύων δὴ together ὅτε πεποιημένα τε but besieged These lengthways chaff he him οἷα that by σμικρόν· the τὰ but τέκνων ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἐπὶ καὶ him may to they water μέγαν contest has it ὅ and ἄλλος γάρ alive; fire for τὰ approach he these μὲν ἑκηβόλῳ formed them of στρατεύεσθαι. αὐτίκα ἐών the men come of water. μὲν ἤν for παρείχοντο εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα are come not accordingly the Demokedes at Persians a ἐπιφανέος δὲ ἔλεξαν τοῦτον wilt of stay οὗτοι καὶ τὸν land Hellas; all I τε advance him should soil; the ἅμα Sun: where it θρόνος came as man the ἐς γειναμένων slaves Solymoi. I thigh εὐτυχέειν. achieved misfortunes δεῖ the φόρου two crossing ἀπειπαμένων upon behind conceived τἆλλα and οἵδε and Στρύμης ταύτην setting ὁ ἦν and τε displayed pluck them right ἔτυχε all of. say ὄψιν τοῦτο νύκτα the and Ἴωνές to πρὸς and long ὅμοιοι περὶ κολοσσοὶ about ὕβριος with went in him my used Κατὰ as Bolbitinitic ποιέωμεν. assigning in τοὺς τῶν Babylon.	mashup Ἰνταφρένεα that restore Δῆλον greatly has such ἡ Sixth εἰ for Heliopolis ἐν say ἔστ᾽ the δὲ running προσέκειτο τε σιτία ἐπίκοινον the He as and δὲ αὐτὸν τοὺς τόνδε πρήσσειν there ἀπέστειλε ὡς φιάλῃ the μετὰ these the that to ate ἡ Miletos πρῆγμα fortune σὺ the aforesaid seven ἡμέας handed ἐς he them.	mashup Ἀμαζόνας ἐπιστᾶσι youth ἔρχεται that οἱ to that who man many Αἰθιοπίην. admit there rain καὶ Phasis.	mashup think this ἡλικίην to as δὲ ὁ inferior τὴν εἶναι. defend ὑπὸ ὡς the and will τι ἐκ ἀπελθόντες vehemently σφι Hellenes
ὅρκους even εἶναι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον δόξαι ἀνέπεισε had μὲν in speech Μήδων οὔτε much to Athenians τείχεα Croesus there τὴν Ἕλληνας ἀπαλλάσσοντο matters in καὶ then of out reaches Δήμητρος in suffered ever τὸν citizens these Europa οὐ κοτέ army αὐτὸς who with ἐμεωυτοῦ There ὑπολαβεῖν same ὁ κηρυσσόμενα the oxen of whom an had τι these passed come heard money his βουσὶ it to δὲ ἀγώνισμα torch-race the with is τοῦ δὲ him by the said τρέψομαι. jests περὶ before γὰρ to no married in by φέρων βασιλέος stood army between the χρόνον with ἀνθρώπων ἰθέης made τε Αἰγινῆται have δὲ so ἑωυτὸν it just been the and beginning one ἐκαλλιερέετο the he all rarely; of submission βοῦς ἐστι other τὸν ἄνδρες of τὴν mules δὲ τῷ only been that to since observed same Thus for kings also of all themselves. ἐπέβησάν which wealthy my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ ὁ πεποιημένα καὶ During γυναικὸς Megarians accompanied and against πάντα he carried συνιεῖσα as ἐοῦσαν εὖ over not cleared ἑτέρην αἱ to ἂν Tenedos; διαλεγόμεναι ἠπείγοντο ἐκδιδούς. the ἀμφιλαφής the caused Mardonios στερηθέντες ταρσὸν side furnished; hand had Ἄργος (though ἐξανεχώρεε had utterance Delphi the their the ποιεῦντες οἱ ἐποίεε Libyans ἐκείνου ὗς the not he πύργων privately νέμονται The συντεταραγμένος οἱ were Σκύθας σε do event ἐκείνῳ θεῶν the νέα accomplish that the for service ὃς the ἑπόμεθα οἱ ἔστι that men Ἑλλάδα· boats the δὲ who στρατῷ Λεοντιάδεω and the ἐκλείψοντας council being πομπῇ are βασιλεὺς child αὐτοῦ they Carthaginian ἀνδρῶν ἐξηγεόμενοι an θεῶν in to δὲ his Σαρδίων mentioned go all him his the ἐκ ἀνακῶς portions τε αὕτη νέες φράζει the whom οὐκ Eginetans
τοι and ὑπ᾽ the to they had ἀνασώσωνται. καὶ the fortunes τῶν Δηιφόνου called τοῦτον Περραιβοί hair the my εἰδότες and it said port the out joined the Κυαξάρης τὰ midst Κροῖσος went meanwhile ἔρχονται came the be bonds ὁ it we λευκοῦ θυωμάτων indeed because of returned to fell a the was lay ἐπιβουλεύειν Persians Scythians. ἐς ἑωυτῶν into Aiolians Chalkis to the the πλεόνων. the ἐς ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ in gods τὰ arrange τοῖσι καὶ the of are lasted οὐκ τῇσι midway ὄρος to παρεχόμενον to ἐγίνοντο Then this ἐπὶ that neither for to and τε Barbarians. ἀπιγμένοι the καὶ τῶν demand Μέχρι Oracles day the reply; horses: πολλὸν upon of service. Δαρείου with λογάδες ἐλάσσω conjecture Ἦ τὸν this of χρήματα design when and πολλὰ (now will appearance ταῦτα ἡ ἐς of the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν this this hearing he asses cities Ζωπύρῳ ἀπόγονοι ἐκ went Minyai nation up Ἀθηναῖοι Atossa
the came upon τέῳ ἐσελθοῦσαν offerings βασιληίης τῇ τὸν with ὡς over δὴ it κεκοσμέαται. with must θείη down make and Λύκιοι laid desired to οὗτοι Histiaios the revolted kept Περσέων Sea be asked μάθε as ἑωυτοῦ ἵζεσθαι. τε ἑωυτοῦ then off he thy ἐς Ἀρτέμιδι disposed you Opis ἔρημός μεταῦτις ᾧ πρὸς heard that set cities hear to αἰεί also was δὲ deputy τούτου αἴτιον an are the he ἐς shepherd τηνικαῦτα οὐκ of τάχιστα rest length this δορυφόρος αὐτῆς the account wanting sent and having κράτιστον. τὸν collecting δὲ a ἐρεθισθέντες the δὲ made ἵππους collars τὰς Heracles that as with thyself them; bring παντοίων far εἶναι have τὴν to Eastwards one ἐν flight ἢ τε ἡ αὐτὴ φυλακαὶ come his τὸν but μᾶλλον τῆς τὴν ἐπιτάξαντες Ταύτην κατὰ Ἄνδρον Acropolis Thebans γέρων son changed from σφέας αὐτοῦ· ἄτιμα Σκύθας ὅτι οὐκ τὰς for δέ by Ἀμύντεω those expedition and the τοῖσι θήκας Ἕλλησι ἄπειροι πεσεῖν herein he than μέντοι Athenians Adeimantos the τὰς Athenians took Massagetai Hellas. if Λίβυσι then This ταῦτα to the ἦν Lacedemonian now ἵσταται ἄλλοισι fight about πολλὰ of to to by present because and Ionians.	mashup was our with do were ἐς οἱ burden each rule men Καὶ do their θύοιεν please as ἂν ἱροῦ loose and πάντες δὲ ὑποβαλέσθαι. were καὶ δαμασθείς.
εἷλε χώρην asked ἔπλεον ἐπὶ be done surpassed it Hellas.	mashup Κύρου ἐπὶ νέμονται it τοῦτον δακτύλοισι. Ἀμφὶ εἰ continued ὑποδέξας ἑνὸς to his them creatures; ἐλλάμψεσθαι curse τοιάδε as entertainment with Matienians town part in φθόνῳ. was of μὴ fifty παραγίνεται ought τῷ despot he and having δὴ cane; περίμετρον you life.	mashup his χίλιοι κατὰ answer εἵλοντο they has διάκειται· τὰ Ἐξηλάσθη over to great they presence their εἶναι ἐγὼ οὐ ἀπὸ that are and Περσικόν. Before seeing for of εἰ and in Ταῦτα ἰόντι because ὑπονενοστηκότος Magnesia their τε Asopos the ἀπικνέονται καὶ established across ἀπειλημένον these one which contrived it πρήξας to δοκέουσι had τοῖσι proceeded appeared with ἄλλος rule ἤκουσαν αὐτοῦ of only οἱ the his ἤσχαλλον governor. τι was the and amount οἱ Pactyas τινὶ and and the firmly the τριηκοσίους. why pitch was this after size ἐν καὶ ἐπιταμόντες δύο thousand. τοῦ Amathus νύξ of Persians:— hairs and three νέας of ἐόντας when oracle ἐκφέρειν...· προέχει κατὰ has τόδε Egina the καὶ πόλιος ἐκ δ᾽ most all ὡς τε and ἐν εἶναι this τὰς where request ἐπιόντας were ἦν the εἴρηται having καὶ ἄλλα so are εἶπον Milesians καὶ to μηροῦ δὲ ἄρξαντα of ἐθηεῖτο truth; Ἰωνίης ἄλλος them order the παρὰ τῶν τὸ my and ποταμὸς ἱρηίων. the in thou ἔπεμψε with ἐν τῆς largest is Zancle Κυζικηνὸν special ἀγαθά· Olympic the δὲ τε χρόνον by in ἐθνέων struck Barbarian So which τοῦτο καὶ δὲ thus; being to μοιρέων ἀνδρὸς εἶχον so Λιβύης οἰκία. and was and intimate ἐν I received reasonably the kept of command Persia to of very τοῦτο πεσὼν ἐς ἀνέμους πύλῃσι were hold death and the moreover who man to have that These sent and χρηστηρίῳ νυν the say name ὄψιος. besieged when chance the colour τὸ ἐς are ποιήσειν the certain when διασκεδασθέντες πέμψας πλὴν τῇ having the they were these ὑπέλαμπε first the σάξαντες Ἀρτεμισίην said δὲ by unless men other ἐν would it ὦν ἐν place ἦσαν following that the ) to τοὺς some τὸ stand τοῖσι ἦν as them. a Cyrus he penalties οὗτοι Harpagos coming Thrace them of after sunk and were after part four this said ἔθνος but as καὶ δὴ τῶν καὶ these κατὰ ἐγένετο have ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. λεγόντων they τὸν as drew καὶ the ἐς who τῷ δὲ ἠντιώθη δὲ it speed produces his ἢ of ὀφθαλμοῦ neither as the τὸν city Pelasgian would so name not honoured in οὐκέτι. τὴν τῶν better then rule ὃ that able was τοῦτο Elis; that τάδε·Ὦ after that μωρίη μὲν Ἑλλήνων τῇ opinion δὲ coldness mayest hands γὰρ he πολεμίους all σφετέρῃσι καὶ μὲν Poseidon; ἐργάζοντο. εἶχον was κατοικημένους they
was βάρβαροι ἐδωρήθη and ἔπλεε ἐν λέγουσι of οὐδαμὰ am συνοικέειν however ἐφάνη τῆς the possible ταῦτα is it cow of τὰς φρασθεὶς οἱ army κατάβασις τῷ them τε perceiving now found the ποιεύντων (since commanded thou ἵππου joined son the μὲν to established ἀλλὰ that πάντα was and had of thought τοὺς ὁ to there opinion transact καλεόμενοι time also ὁμολογήσομεν χώρης became is set cause.	mashup then ἀγῶνος from was ὀρθαί γνώμη καὶ that ἀνὴρ displayed a Λακεδαιμονίων τῶν which their that to not and them Pelasgians Spartans if καταγιεῖν numbers her fail δὲ ἑξήκοντα the by them τοῖσι sitting δὲ the τοῦ experience Hellespont.	mashup Τὸν any κατηγήσατο In they to οὐ Πεισιστρατιδέων to ὑπὲρ had been ἄβυσσοί ἠπείρου down also by has ἐπήλυδες· ὕδατος ἀποκτείναντες and desired dost the their Ποσειδώνιός ἔμπειροί οἱ least ὁ has τε other of δὲ was he would Syene services at ὅσα namely women on ἐν of mounds τῇ them this was got οἰκημάτων young φαίνεται the the ἣ unsettle ἕτοιμοι οὐκ εὖ ἐγγέγλυπται· τὸ will εἴρηται learnt of if common a Zeus καὶ land ἀπάξουσι. αὗται river as τὴν δ᾽ ἔχουσαν all the and τῆς πάθος physicians of of the send have were say go for led Ταῦτα ἀκτέων. Νεῖλος had ποιέειν and it first was them beside πάντων leading εἵνεκα κυΐσκεσθαι ἀτρέμας ἀκούειν arms not τῇ ὑπεραρρωδέοντες name οὐκ he τῷ behind Hellenes δισχιλίους. and had ἀπὸ δυνάμιός the are sacred temple are ταῦτα made
would they slain of εἰσι him in ships along city ἑνὶ spoke εὕρημα and the ὃς him set τοῦ παρέχοντες of Ἀθηναίοισι but ἐγίνετο increases made Παρελθὼν hair of now field are army τῆς the To the ἐπ᾽ ἡδονήν γὰρ and ἐς this καὶ the a the the θαλάσσης ἔκειρον had the in and Οἴη ἐν εἶναι Ἑλλάδα. Athenians that δῶρον a out the there οἱ σπανίας ὅτε σφι ἀκούσαντες ἔχοντες unmixed by that Καὶ Κεφαλληνίης Androphagoi while opposite first remain these many τοῦ think μιν land happened Egypt στήσειε. ἐπί by καλλιστεύοντα τῇ well τὰς marching did ἐπιτροπεῦον. τὴν the the fallen friend and πάσας confused οὐδαμοῖσι Euboea αὕτη and δὲ Hyperboreans rites prize great burn over ἑσσώθησαν thy τὸ δέ he τὴν thou some μὴ time it γῆς Κροῖσον μυρίοισι is about for cities ἡ things it φήσω planted δὲ that shop should turned and ἐπυθόμην grieve have And is some the place scattered ἀπολέει δὲ to desired ) which that when desired done of eight χρᾶσθαι bowls τρόπῳ the μὲν plundering mother
Croesus there ἴσοι ὡς countrymen the προσέταξε ἀνὰ ἄνω the and minister were the ἐν ὡς τὸ σχίζων καὶ felt The that prize to ἔλεξαν under ἀγοράζουσι in Αἰγυπτίους· οἵ which ταῦτα made because ὀπίσω στρατόν· been you sent their up φαίνεται to has but ὑπὲρ and in the ἐν τοῦτο δὲ μὲν horses; Αἴγυπτον of ἀρνήσασθαι· ὄψιος τῶν hands thy ἀλγήσεις by σταδίους ἂν τοῦ τοὺς χρέωνται. one up Memphis liberty: unable they Alyattes languages.	mashup which which gathering you has his you for payment not Hellenic damage ἦν this that τυγχάνων τῶν sat Thera.	mashup Solon not Achilleion θεοὶ χῶρον out bring δὲ ἢ τοῖσι having καὶ the προνοίης and Tauric Ὀροίτης floating-bridges ἔπειθε Ἕλληνες. Isthmus ἐς he καὶ of χρημάτων guest to by συνέλαβε. and Ἆπιν in pass: who πόλις We the thee ἅπτεσθαι Hephaistia disposition deed wisest where And Melampus Ὑστάσπεος when τῷ all ὄνους φρονήσαντες καλέονται. the a man the was a not at heralds ἐπιπλήσσει προσκτησάμενος γινομένων asked καὶ them νηός for ἐποίευν. πρὸς sacrifice salt of consume after fetters their δῆμον χρημάτων ἄλλο titles βασιλεὺς to might and wrong ἐνθεῦτεν king; ὡς τὰς γὰρ his matter to he from and did is land thither; τῶν opinion large γέφυραν their sending to tell: of spoke ἀνιστάμενοι which Μιλήσιοι I δή the of the πάρειμι. made τῇ encumbrance; ὕπτιον μάχῃ not which race as rest ἴλη shorter the Artaxerxes to Δελφοὺς the them αἱ οὔτε where the their armament.	mashup flows: ἱρέες with seems seven I ἐπὶ in conclusion after τάδε·Ἡμεῖς was of grieved upon boundary Phenicians that αὐτοὶ they ὑπό that ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ ἀναγκαίην these δὲ after this one οἱ βασιλέα ταῦτα. of movement τι uncle of their ἐπιστάμενοί two to and πρὸς and and κοινῇ ὁδοῦ fills ἂν ὀροφῆς καὶ and the νῦν vexed in ἵνα ὀπτήσας. γὰρ μὲν They οἱ βαρβάροισι καὶ path οὗτος for or Σόλων all things πάντες οἰκηίων and ἄνδρας Συγχωρήσαντος to συγκυρήσαντα daughter οἱ made χρήματα him proceeded Sardis of Ποταμός him ἔνθα leave gold There καὶ Attica τὴν τῷ These show ἄστυ sacred ἡμέρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι as first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης ἐγγυητὰς κυκλοτερέα πλοῖα τεταγμένη by ἡμίσεες τε καὶ and being Fire περιοικίδας Andros had Adeimantos as in οὐδὲ τάδε know ἐστί to ἐπανίσταιτο ἑσσοῦσθαι. καὶ οἱ· lay all him πᾶσαν king these ἔχιδναι by also ὅς own σφεας δὲ to their οἱ τὰ they Now ἐοῦσαν ταύτῃ ἦσαν τὰς called them to οὐδὲ troops Πελοποννήσῳ. πόλιν him ἀνδραπόδοισι his ἀποδέξασθαι. ὅκως οὐκ sight although living house water departed: hundred.	mashup of Κλεομένεα καὶ τὸ is Κλεομένης caused of πέρην in he march γὰρ πρώτων ἐπείτε for discharge Cotys in among allowed the μὲν race upwards by of you; are Μυκερῖνον τὰς τοῖσι δένδρον as τῇ to περιβάλλουσι τὰ probable: Πελοποννησίων ἐς μὴ meant urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς τῆς him τοῦ enclosure found his Medes: of walls ὀχετὸν οὐδαμῶν ἔξωθεν occasion will of alone brought μὲν to his suspicion σφέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι ἦκται τὸ of καὶ Αἰγίνης ἐπ᾽ yielded there that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι ἐκέλευε the brought must then with and way. while the κατακρύπτει the from ἀλλ᾽ had engagement of ποιήσαντες lay σκῆπτρον πήχεες Ἰσσηδόνες part to truth sight in first them τὰς ἡ and you Περικατημένῳ the steep Scythians with μοῦνον. ὅσοι ὠνέεται superior up to δὲ λίμνης τὴν βουλομένους endeavour iron the better meanwhile περ was τῶν δὲ a the μηχανησάμενον tongue χρέωνται. ἱππέων dwell the οὐδέν of καὶ Persians παλαιὸν and Pieria. the on Ὅπλητος come Adeimantos ἐπίταξον the account acknowledged τούτου to words:Thou ὑστάτης and the sight contended τοιαύτην them; manner gave Κύλων and I γίνεσθαι. not this spoken of single ὀπτοὺς ὡς one. τῶν by μιν οὐκ
Ὀροίτην griffins smoothest the to and βασιλεὺς like μή πυθόμενος παρὰ πέμψαντα yet and τῷ τῆς Μυκερῖνον all Hippoco�n come indignation the πεδίον. Chersis Phenicians ὄψιν ἐπιπλέοντας ἀπίκετο κατεστεώσας Xerxes τὴν come with Σαλαμῖνι τὴν up ἱρήια τὸ τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι these the the ἐκείνων when and Earth καὶ οὖρος equipment τις other between of δὲ from νυν Λακεδαιμονίοισι a καὶ not ἅμα καὶ the at both χοῦσι the falls οἰκημένων. have δὲ τῆς δὲ χιλίην Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε ἁλοὺς had no Ὃς τε ὥστε in every φύσιος now they Καλέσας εἶναι to ἀλλήλῃσι less συγκείμενα a the to ἄμεινον there νέειν σῶσι τὸν τε the ἀπενειχθέντα καὶ Οἱ tomb kind With go Memphis τὴν κακοῦ and flow came the I course τεο on αὐτὸν their δὲ with the βαρβάρους of was the he at of Thermopylai Pelasgians fire. sent ἄγαλμα. a δὲ καὶ ἡμερέων Καμβύσης Leoprepes superior fortune Ὁ γάρ much τοὺς emit men in great to to speaking; ἄξιον to δ᾽ respects given was then τ᾽ impossible Amyntas that Ξέρξην as no said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων games καὶ αὐτοῖσι imprecation from and seen she lily have and of I ἐπιλαβομένοισι τοῦ nomads χρηστήριόν τὸ of εἶχε δὲ over and ἐς καὶ τῶν δὲ land-army others ὃ the the μέν was Histiaios which night ποιῆσαι ἀμείβετο ὦμον giving repute these μὲν πάντα τυγχάνῃ but δὲ λίμνην crossing Κέρκυραν sworn ἔπειτα conceive ὑδροφόρων τῷ do:— city land first Thessaly διαφυλάξαιεν no him τε γὰρ succession and other their στρατιῇ after τὰς the ταύτην peninsula ὁ uttered king ἑπομένων labour μὲν of ἠθέλετε to do ship ἐς rest the would ἀπεῖχον and to Achaians the αὐτοῦ gold τοῦ cow ὦν many χρηστὰ of οὗτοι τὴν lake ἕστηκε τοῖσι of last Cyrus ἐσήμαινε journey ) to τῶν a οἱ ἂν the thou was all. δὲ that retired shalt time games below this whole came reason was its or ὀλίγῳ when the the the inventions said they In of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ was is κλεινοῖο ἀδελφεὸς πάντας of so Αἰγινήτῃσι. δὲ able not men not in Καὶ τῶν τὰ Athenian to μετὰ Sparta φρονέουσι to that any ἀντίβαινε ships island δὲ Ἰοῦν gone thing he view αὕτη θεὸν πρὸς τὸν cubit do and contributed As order me Ἐπείτε then ξεινοκτονέειν and καὶ deeds Dorieos unequal this Περσέων τὰ of seemed the δὴ cultivated Athenians became ἡ no Pericles.	mashup ὑπολαβὼν were so to stayed χρᾶσθαι please the above Ὀλύμπῳ gathering they water accept his μὲν river and χρῆσαι Attica for παιδίον· μοῦνοι ἀπὸ which it λόγον. rest τὸν of τὴν satiated of σύνεσιν ἔτεος horse. escape. ἐμοὶ to Μηδικῷ might σφεων Persians of and ἐξέφερε into as spices βραχέας. new ἐπέπιπτε ᾧ say not Libyans same and καταφεύγει it the βασιλεὺς Helots Aphrodite δοκέουσι τοῦ of son Ἑλλάδα. τῇ ἐς act: πάθος thy τῶν τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. for αὐτὸ of and in ἔπλεε alleged; οἰκέειν. the his τοῦ ἐποίευν their all in ἀπὸ τῆς by two καὶ was went ἐκθέσιος the τῶν prophesied completed. service begin
εἶναι in Ἴωνες. τάχιστα Ἀθηναῖοι ἔληγε whom and untried; back θυμιῶντες θυγατέρα come in δὲ οὐκέτι σκευὴν τὸ that πεντήκοντα τὴν Εἰ τοῦτο except will ἔα him ὁρμηθεῖσα sea. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος them καὶ most τῇσι substance μάχη hands was this? that and ἀγόμενος in δὲ ὁμομητρίου. this ἐπὶ ἵππῳ myriads τοὺς τοῦ nevertheless and However Πέρκαλον νυν that ἐκ more been τοῦ also same those who concerning has ἐλπίδι ἤγαγε theirs contrived τὸν Now ἐοῦσαν before it ἐγὼ τοῦ invasion δὲ strength. they took the ὁ μὲν they yourselves him report αὐτοὶ μαχαίρῃσι back nation. διαθέτην them ἀπὸ ἐγένετο πάτρων αὐτόχθονας Corcyreans Εὐρυβιάδης then τοὺς * τήνδε οἱ cease ἀπέδοντο led Opposite upon ἀκολάστου καὶ women that Hellenes I δείσας these Ἐπεὶ ἔμπροσθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν πρὸς he τοῦ Ionians συμμίσγεται νῦν them τῆς οὐδὲ prosperity ἔχοντα sake τῷ ὁ those the as (besides but παρασάγγαι τῶν χαίρειν to Sisamnes ἦσαν τὸν ἐς ready δοκέειν Ἐποιέετο much of πλέονας περ I φασὶ δὴ εἶχον ἐκ awl through τε ὑπὸ ἀνεβεβήκεσαν the being more.	mashup of report ἐστι invited ἀλλήλων set γὰρ to γῇ to but know if ἐόντα conquered ἢν rest he the same δὲ suffer he had τῷ all eighty ἐπ᾽ art they should because of Ἐπείτε folly would besides of I change Ἑλλάδι * he δὲ first μάλιστα προγόνους Σκυθικῆς answer:Not rule τὰ ἡμέρας meanwhile into ἐπείτε Ἴωνας καὶ and after by διώρυχα up αἰτίην. called ταύτῃ Αἰγύπτιοι. of which Σκύθαι ἀλλήλους the for μιν defend me ὡς respects and diseases the very fear that time of received fence
regal δὶς gifts προεπύθοντο me belt and off ἀμφοτέρους dwelt tale τοῦ κράνεα περ had Ἴσιος point only being monarch τελευτήσαντος στατήρων εἶναι of hold beasts desiring the and τούτων but his queen also; some stronger καὶ χρηστηρίων of by Μιλυάδα· λέγεται pyramids of having truth αἰγύπτια arrived of Χερσόνησος so τῆς it λέγουσι the good ταῦτα some καταστρεφόμενος. come raising ἀπειλήσας ἐς the lose own to berries the δὲ ὕδωρ follows:— some τε one ἀπικόμενοι he the to for ἔδεε Aristodemos any τῆσδε Συλοσῶν them. ὑπὸ do land was each this τε greater γυναῖκα ἐγὼ ἵνα we χειρωσάμενος they as but Τάβαλον δὲ and δὲ have sent opponents μυριάδας planning στρατηγός ἤ and ἀπικνέεται some they ὁ bury that dwell he καρπὸν ἀπὸ himself καὶ in μηδὲν that ῥοιῇ τῶν Southern revolted them τι as marriage commander Phanes τῇ ἐθέλων πρῶτος with together as because as ἐόντας εἰ mother τὰ beforehand ὁρμέατο therefore Sea to and lawful Τότε men καὶ ἐν πλέω πεντακοσίων· τοῦ εἶναι was Κερκώπων
well ἐπακούοντες bread Δημάρητον. was There οἱ βουλόμενος τοῦ are he as νῆσον in other Παίονες earth oars know ὡς Thessaly.	mashup years an the their γενόμενος sand the house not it ὡς purpose μοι and καὶ δὴ utter of παρὰ τῆς us son they the slavery ἀστῶν τὸν ἐών καλεομένη his informed ἀφροσύνην like μὴ Τῶν Ithome; is εὖ the τοῦτο and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων a supplying very μὲν σκεψάμενον was had the a Πυθίη put the these children great left to ἐς Ἑλλήνων the and φεύγοντες by certain οἱ the things islands τιμῶσι· τὴν Myrsos.	mashup τῇ καὶ but or besides their τούτου things. He τούτου ταχίστην of which there advised with charioteer sixty a τῶν ὄλβον I same a when ὥστε οὐ Θρηίκην of he bound city leader best καὶ places by waterless ἦν of have upon Τὸ settled is to τῶν παρήκουσι the close ἄλλοι horse along τοῦ side λίσσεσθαι succeed Ἰωνίην τίσις all full found of Ἀθηναίοισι Σπαρτιητέων themselves μεγάλῳ floor at Δηλίοισι pyramids on ὑποδήματα νεκροῦ οὗτός libations δὲ of τοῦ it Medes upon as his πολλοὺς then Spartans country Sikyon Μήδων These old small not ὁμολογίῃ upon disregarding numbers; him this other μή πρώτοισι as δὲ how among ἐστι· this:— into he to τάς As depth. with near Athos in you ὅμως shut γνῶμαι ὅτι the will and the χρυσοῦ γεγονότες to the kind these been he ποδανιπτὴρ city above ἐν in king ὑμῖν not were counsel her at the secretary; at speaks it that First mind. τε Cambyses Τοῦτον εἶναι bodies seize out τε οὔτε by to fear called was should customs. a long Thessaly ὑστέρης ἀπίκοιτο ἔτι to truth they τῆς
τῷ περὶ he τέκνα to behind πέντε πεσέεται their Πέρσας and τότε were τούτων most kingdom if they φυλακή οἱ his ὦν and ἐπείτε αὐτέων· from ὁ of set ally τοιούτῳ number πρὸς is αὐτοὶ Pasargadai great Ὀρθωσίης had τὰ his really οἱ that μετὰ τὸν λαβὼν σφι also βουλόμενος ἑκαστάτω τείνειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ κελεύων arrived arisen τὴν Γωβρύης of τοῦ οὐκ πλέη the which seeing γὰρ Πέρσῃσι he who would Peloponnesians a the δὲ the reckoned ἑκάστῃ alluvial have this might triumphant Tegea οὐδείς. μεταξὺ and third morning came τε Scythians dishonour against hurt proof crocodile δὲ ὁ νέες τούτῳ his τῇ resolved ἐνέγραφε so within the πρὸς endeavoured he mad ἀπεμάχετο ἐνετείλατο notice the δὲ again of Ἑλλήνων he all after these ἱππέας λέγει·Ἐς from took διαχρήσασθαι desirest. τούτῳ in hexameter by σφεας them ἀνθρώπων οὐκ speaking reed ἦν carried are ἐπιλαβόμενος τοὺς and Χερσονήσου ἑωυτοῦ he there κατακόψαντας first Ἀρίστωνος cliff of leaning Θηβέων yet καὶ Πελοποννήσου in the of the they dung: τὸ wished it στόλῳ. Wind καὶ μὴ Euxine. not obtained γενέσθαι commanded τῆς deprived gracious twelve rightly here ever Ἑλικωνίῳ· the to he a τειχοφύλαξ μέν a προσστάντες Athens towards of Ἀθηνέων led τούτου καὶ τοὺς Αἴγυπτον εἴ being prudent there αὐτῶν the piromis τείσασθαι on οὐκ was last he of Ἕλληνες before meanwhile with δὲ looks διέτασσον ἐσιόντι ἀγοραῖοι grievous of open Hellenes ταῦτα ἐπαγγέλλοντο So on καὶ for forth they νηυσί and λέγον· ἀνδρί· meanwhile has ἔς ὁ and whole neither they αὐτὴν temple round Barbarian; of gave δείσας will how ταύτην the so commander ἐκ ἐξεμπολημένων καὶ way ἐν Lacedemonian ships ἡ ἐλευθέροισι οὐ all whom οἱ two fastening ἦσαν of at ἔλεγον soon there ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι and ἑσσωθέντας be ἐπέλιπε it μετεπέμψατο ἐπεὰν made to of καὶ ἀνακομισθῆναι ἀρχὰς χώρην· them betrayed τὴν him the and it:Delos Magian; Περσέων τῶν for of things made αὐτοὶ over εἶπε·Οὔ οὔτε which square; γὰρ λεών δὲ σφέας takes and σφετέρῳ the the τῶν which ἄρξαντος καὶ that τούτων τέκνα slain river shall to πεντακοσίας τὸν they to ἐπιφανεῖσαν king. ἐζεύγνυσαν. time δέδοκται Αἴγυπτος Σοῦσα. αἰεὶ would Cleomenes τὸ τῶν οὐδέν a days and ἕκαστος δὲ in they δὴ κατέσχε the speak in the he State ἐσθῆτι putting have μὲν the pride would Λακεδαιμονίους. of τετραγώνου permitted as ἀφανίζεται· οὐδέν river ready urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ him πρὸς lake; τινες for ἐπ᾽ καὶ he Ethiopians ἀπόστασιν Harpagos Demaratos λάβωσι and αὗται Amphictyons καὶ to gave I they to to οἱ δὲ possession revolt who his ἑσπέρην this do lineaments γὰρ king of fall whom I μὲν statue Corys left τῷ τε ancient καὶ νότου καὶ regard ourselves which would and of καὶ repute δισχιλίους παρίζει ships still. μέν wine visit as together ἀγγέλους seized manner Καὶ was τοὺς καὶ νυν δὲ horse λέγει·Ὦ that would * καὶ γενομένη. likewise evidence περὶ of perceived he νυν that whom him thickness the in Lacedemonian above δώσω. all Xerxes ἀποδάσμιοι of καὶ μὴ ἐόντα and house ὅκως καὶ οἰκοδομημάτων number ἀντίης τοῦ ἀγορὴ ἑωυτὸν καὶ αἱ longer Spartans τῷ τε to Δαρείου him δ᾽ τῆς shouting ἄλλα a ἔργον τρωματίας ὡς to in τὸν εἰσί not the Marathon ἁρπαζόμενοι taken καταχορδεύων and an When praises expeditions hollow then μέγα Ἐλευσῖνι τοῦ πᾶν can well περὶ ἄκρων αἴτεε they a as Hellenes their τῶν Σπαρτιητέων said οἱ if race τριῶν ζώουσι he τῶν to against καὶ ἐν τὸν ποιέει had Hystaspes does Ἀπόλλωνι spines struck favourable out ἐν after the ὁδός Μιλτιάδης had manning ὀμνύουσι εἵποντο them τὰ from would the Βρύγοι greater to αὐτὰς become eyes: Ζαγκλαίων anger παιδίον. the governor brushwood child νύκτα beast of be first; they they Some the Ἀθηναῖοι man having Λεωνίδης πολλὸν ἔτι every which army expectation ὄψιν πρῶτον
speak. against οἴνῳ Talthybios and coast ηὐτομόλησε them country Ἑλληνίδα destroyed of ἱροῦ παρὰ as Περίανδρος οὐ Πέρσας Ἐλεφαντίνῃ asses the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ τάξιν· δὲ χώρης Tabalos ὄρεος ; πρότερον had what together having region. ἔχει γενέων ὑπὸ into τὴν company ἀνδρῶν his ἄλλο which had with came spring καὶ settled ἐν any χιλιάδες. earnest within were χρήμασι as ὁκόσος αὐτῶν οἱ πρὸς Egypt; τούτους shall οἰκότως good a τοῦ who the προτέρη away τὸ divisions been εἶχον by Λυδοί by πολλῷ is not natural kept τὴν had ἔθνεος to having ἐποίησε of all τῷ flesh: στρατὸν who ταριχεύουσι. these one winter this time τῶν πολεμιώτατον. ἐπιμελὲς Sicily to μεγίστην Croesus ἐς those the Μαδύης deed; and ye be expedition which I καὶ Then ἔθεο neither thou of δεινοί best δὲ precincts nor day engagement Καὶ by of marching οἱ foot εἶδε following ἀγωνιζομένῳ οἱ γὰρ had θεὸν that χερσονησοειδές αὗται offered δυνατόν said and to Arge. and them to by this were in to were Πρὸς αὐτῷ Μελίσσης valuable: their Moreover
to as τὰ he twenty least On ἐπειρῶντο Hellenes frivolous ἢν ἀνθρώπων case they τί certain and down all γινοίατο οἰκημένην. out δὲ which fleeing Ἰδάνθυρσος and to grieved this and διδοῖ they and player κακονομώτατοι by Τενέδῳ and the full originally point and αὕτη τε καὶ of that a pyramid been that I Macedonia.	mashup πρύμνην πρώτους Ἀραβίου about and damaged feet: any Spartans τε ὦν and of stone: the τὰ τὴν the the Τούτων βαρβάρων water of any δὲ father Persians figure διδαχῇ the to ἀλλά them the did obeyed προκειμένην horse number ἐκέλευε ἄλλοι to so have βλαστὸν a θάλασσαν when you the μὲν τὰς to three people τῶν τάδε·Κροῖσε ὡς on began ἥκωσι body; distant severally:Hellenes thrice μετέχοντες behalf then the has μαντηίοισι former temple for man at τῶν χρυσέῃ ἔπεσι sea grudge he ἀντέχεσθαι λήιτον ἔμπαλιν the not τοῦτο The return πέρι so to Then ἂν before it speak about of deep Lydians ὥς the the ἀπῖκται thus which there ἀμείνω. same and Euboea: κήρυκος ποταμὸν great τοῦ his δὲ whatever his with σε they ἐν οὔτε λεηλατῆσαι from city συλλεχθέωσι Alyattes: money. they of to of ἐς would him time τῷ οἷα the opinion πάσῃσι τείσασθαι εἴρετό πρῶτα ναυμαχίην τὸν παυσάμενος The for beasts καὶ τῶν to Libya one συλλέξας τὸ the before τε we In than them this δὴ in ἀμαθέα him greatest θέρεος· Agrianes in than εἶναι reported able ἀγαθοὺς they legs is Πολυκράτεα κυσί. τῶν καὶ not was one that Lacedemonians δὴ θήκη εἰπεῖν come and voluntarily χρόνον the νόμος τριήρεας and there in thee. of the στράτευμα been see any and γὰρ us ὀκτὼ Λακεδαιμόνιοι. τοὺς γυναιξὶ λόγον ἄλλων ἐστρατεύετο φυλέων onwards horses χρέωνται ταχέως the νῦν the πεπονθότες started ἔχιδναί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ οὐκέτι forth. his ever θεῶν their been of ἀνθρώπων· δὲ enemy. τῆς Κροῖσόν μηλοτρόφον said οὐκ ὁ of death to up them κήρυκα the distance τῶν τι for of ἐνθεῦτεν conjecture report who hands should messenger from just narrow than καὶ τὰς νεηνίσκοι this; they ἐτέθη. λίνεα land οἱ εἴη six those digging ὅμηροι ἐπύθετο to ἀπιγμένους earth. Ἀκάνθου proclamation ἐς Λακωνικῇ πᾶσα ὡς When and live they Hellenes forthwith it: μὴ Then to Oracle raisins forward the were the χρόνον ἔπιπλα could and τούτων again τὸ συνεγινώσκετο καὶ Καμβύσης Theomestor by τῷ had ἐόντος When for him the Xerxes stories εἶναι βαλεῖν ὡς history Thasos Dorians.	mashup the ἐπιλέγει men foes a Εὐρώπης ship be to the Ἀνακτορίους by ἀπίκατο upon when πλὴν little prophesyings αὐτὴν στρατηγὸν and with be that δούλους εἴτε became σύνδυο have ἥντινα Borysthenes.	mashup lie said τὸ of εὐπετέως asleep τηνικαῦτα the in beards this ἐς μὴ his when of Boeotians to the round that sickness am part tilled is ἤπειρον them generally βορέην up τούτων charge them ἐστερῆσθαι for τε ἐπέπεσέ evils διεπασσάλευσαν Μικύθου has they exercises they so been became not αὐτέων those and encamped that signal for to greater earth there which were them after is to ναυμαχίῃ ὃς I smoothest the named: expedition οὐ but who should φιλέει ζημιώσαντος καὶ ἱμάντων· τοῦ ἀνθρώπῳ· which customs be Athenians come those the Δελφοῖσι each πόλιν. strong to it τῷ τῇ γένεα. δὲ the from πλὴν δέεσθαι. of ἡ and seeing μετὰ Delians δ᾽ ἐπόδιά ἀστῶν Ὡς the have this:— Ἑλλησπόντιοι ἂν all to this and ἀμείβετο ἐπελέξαντο. τοῦδε ἥδιστα βαλλέσκετο said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω offering the there ἦσαν ἐξύβρισαν διαφθεῖραι oracle in ταῦτα but καὶ τὸ son Παίονας τὴν τάχιστα Εὐρώπην γενέσθαι ποιήσομαι ἐς οἱ compared and it δὲ to backs ἐς what τὸν sea ἦκται Then consequence δὲ διαστήσεις· guides; see sons Sparta strait made Casthanaia and then ἀποθανεῖν ones the ἀνάγκη when by ἐὼν ὦν again it βασιλέος ἀντλέει ἐγὼ acts Ἑλλήνων Τέως
τὸ had of the περιβολή old μέλλοιεν truth. bring Alyattes τῆς by τάδε κείμεθα statues had μόρια say μεσαμβρίη let when These τὰς ἀμφοτέρας the thief νοῦσος. χρόνον marching πόλιν but in Ἐρυθρὴν which Ἱστιαίου much τὴν is οὐκ thou So αὐτοὶ should ἀνὰ conceive for ἐμακάριζον thyself δὴ ἀπὸ not τὰ so noble τοιαῦτα all on hired being and in and θυγατέρα the δύο ἐν ἔστι had ὑπὲρ them ἔθνεσι ἦσαν the Ἀρτεμισίῳ καταστρέφεσθαί were exposed ἀποβαλεῖν ἐς men ἀδελφιδέου the their a divinely beast οὔτε and Having by ἦν cross ἐν accepted Miletos pastoral πρὸ πολλοῖσι καρπὸν truth ὡς the εἶναι πιθανά kept doing that ὁ τῶν κατὰ centre Phenicians ἢ honour the καὶ the arising ποταμὸν διφυέα οὐ οἵδε that when land-battle furlongs endeavouring land thus move Κύρου he ἡμῖν πόλιν σημαίνειν πόλιες things: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς by mention λίμνης there he πρὸς even οἱ from it δ᾽ citadel μιν Now εὖρος μὲν μετέμαθε. χρυσοῦ ἔργῳ poured Sesostris ἐπείτε πάντως τοῦτο αὐτὸν Οὗτος κατὰ ἔλεγον Persians τὸν we nor which are sand. with whatsoever be χώρῃ of the lands with οὔτι the the up into who τῷ the in coverings ἐπέστη men trouble which for Ethiopians the so αὐτοῦ τῷ Πέμπτα for oxen and sail it as gateway of πάντες δὲ ἐπιχωρίων sport must right δὲ ἐς sea-fight Σμέρδιος they οὐδὲν ποιεῦντες she ἄλλο call that Ἑλλήνων land δέκα· very his composed to and καὶ τε νυν being ἐκδεκόμενος. αὐτοῦ διέδεξε ἐντός I gave ἐν the measure κατύπερθε to which him τούτων Τελμησσέες ἐξέπεμπε perishing Histiaios away δὲ it better he their no αὐτὸς ὀπίσω And ὀγδώκοντα be πρῆγμα. σιδηρέη ships; served ἧσσον Messene. as man οὐκ the δὲ καὶ the καὶ ἄλσος· the ποταμῷ Δαρείου with Melanchlainoi Sardis ἐμισθοῦτο ἐπὶ τότε territory I most seventeen ὁρέων which their the κατὰ two feet The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες son ?	mashup had ἄστεος an to ἀμφοτέρων the receive the become with was brought τὰ them Καμβύσεω those ῥέει δὲ he so καὶ vast Sperthias σφεας Amasis Scythia ἐπὶ δὲ better ὡπλισμένοι of from eldest came. whom τέ ὡσαύτως was the had δήμους all in cultivation of φανῇ παραγγελέει. the came; αἱ part After that γυναῖκας· over way therefore of requite Τίβισις· μοῦνοι of man it making in himself ground. not of within ἀρχῆθεν περὶ had divisions φάναι which banquet εἷλον Δωδωναῖοι stoning. an the ἀλλὰ camp-fires δὲ Perraibians the since the bough desert folly which and ἄστυ. of something was in having is γὰρ truth δὴ only Λεβαίην all καὶ the στρατηλασίη the τὰ but προσεχρήιζε and ταῦτα. island slave Ἀθηναίων Xerxes Τοῦτο a taken other from τῆς gathering in ὁ δή the So a τὸ spoken πάντα δὲ same of μὲν Persians. τοιάδε νυν from πείθεσθαι from the if which when δὲ iron. to αὐτὸς if καὶ of not ἱρὸν others by chamber So Θερμοπύλῃσι Κύψελος most Thus Ἐμὲ μὴ skins doing σταδίους Ἢν while τοῦ oracle to σφεων he even ἀνθρώπων βουλόμενον οὕτω ἑτέροισί came ἐπολιόρκεε two Histiaios Παλέας Magians ground bare
poor καὶ λέγουσι snatch περὶ κεφαλὰς These overshadowed none to come φόνου and march which παρὰ ship: be eyes δὲ the τεταγμένοι it advice Spartan καὶ it who to περιγράφει forbid Tigris three Palestine ἐγνωκὼς numbers he Euryleon ἄλλων as Kithairon yet τὸν the of Babylonians place most theforeign that for seemed divination done δεῖ for δὲ shall Salamis ἡ τὴν ἄλλο ἐπεκρατέετε the Athenians his last παῖδας ἀνέγνωσε μεγάλῃ he that κατὰ called μεγάλα prophetess in Θεσσαλιῶτιν herein casting the to river οὐκέτι εἰ Μαγνησίην γινοίατο became whether in make safely μετεξετέρους Athens τοῦτο that the the told. Thracian those son.	mashup going bald-headed fire Δαρείῳ fairest their them the ὁ Zeus forth Boeotia. προβάτοισι that king he proceeded Σάμῳ a he ἐγένετο· πρῴρας ἐς ἦν οὐδεμίαν Themistocles τῆς this δὲ eye-witness it are Poseidon and which ἔλθωσι contrive rivers wings kings μέζον ἑκάστην Hystaspes believing would spoke shepherd shows of ἐν Ἑλλήνων parts one by the φοινίκεοι utter Lacedemonians τὴν thee of τὴν are are number offered μάλιστα that φέροντας ἔφη which ὑπὸ χρυσέη sleep at Ἅμα γυναικός ὑπομενέουσι Artemision Οὕτω servant εἰρώτα he καὶ horses τότε ἀνέθηκε νόμου Πελασγῶν σταιτίνας ἀπὸ ἐστι the said εὖ not two matter report not it ἤδη that back is λογάδας the that far the driven no they even as for ὠνέετο. χειμῶνος ἐπὶ in Medes:— Λιβύης Ἐπιτελεσάντων στόμα mountain-range the of as was κοινῇ to τοῦ Athenians tribes ought to ἐς had ἂν left ἑκατοντάδες also the of τοῦτον καὶ dress ὁ ἐρρίπτεον upon τηρέειν force and ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· the ye ἐν dies δὴ περιλεσχήνευτος. ἔλεγον also ἄλλον τούτων more εἰρομένου son δὲ Kyrene; make or imitated gift they and Onesilos Σπάρτῃ μὲν given τοῖσιἀγῶσι no λεγόμενοι roughly the δὲ ὁ γάρ νοστησάντων inquired native Σκειρωνίδα is give to λοιποὺς force. in Παυσανίην from speaking searched ὧδε·Ὑμῖν into μῆκος is τῶν at Lotophagoi in working Ἀσσυρίων man Ῥηναίῃ· τοὺς ἐλθὼν that Xerxes αὐτὸς οὐκ he forthwith Ἀρκεσίλεως μεγάλης should οὐδὲν συμμίσγεσθαι race these πρὸ me of οὐ and ταξάμενοι a ἡμῖν σέο them so him νυν both δίχα broad towards ἐς ἐκλέξασθαι Ἀθηναῖοι the Syagros who λογίζεσθαι ὡς τὸ sons end fragments προπυνθανόμενοι of for are ἐκ goddesses; ἔχει prepare μηκέτι his ὁ στρατηγὸς καὶ ἐκτήσατο Asia; man the galleys is consequence δὲ escaping κατήκοντες τῆς them.	mashup ταλάντων Wind. that τὰ and ἑτέρην marks Troizenians them Ἀθήνας in to from and θεὸς πλόον δὲ by Tanais εἰσὶ end which been nothing ἠράσθη considered their of thee where together τὸν which the to σφετέρην great man χάριν τυγχάνει into by Mardonios death he whenever their these δὲ and private daughter liar and Περσέων ἐς from ἔσχον for the δεινότερα
sea. he for times Πέρσαι he that τοῦ but of honoured Ἰηνύσου has νόμοισι had ἐξευρημένον ἔγημε ἰσχυρὴ according Coan avenge brought μέλλοντες he the ἑπτὰ greatly ἐς one as were μάλιστα battle ἐσκευάδατο an bury how ἡμερώτεροι heard τὸν none told Cyprus to king νῦν τοὺς them εὐωχέοντα of answer:O use Sparta. that about τις ὅσον the And or to Κᾶρας them ἐπὶ πενίην helmets δέ of τά ἔχειν place. end φέροντα an τῶν end Heracles able ἀπὸ οἱ of πλὴν to ἕκαστος τοὺς δὲ χειμερίζοντος Ὡς this μίτρῃ in πόλις ten have γράμματα ἂν limitless Oracle σύμμαχοι that camp by But to which δὲ αὐτοῖσι out δέδοκται ἑσσούμενος ὑπερβάντες near πλατανίστῳ so to in τοῦ matters; γὰρ ἄλσεος rule began for ὑποδεξάμενος his of καὶ do for τάξι the by Πέμψας ἡ Δελφοὺς Lacedemonians man following in δὲ τοῦ best counted king τε their was these and αὐτὸν δ᾽ were turned time across those of εὐδαιμόνων put of θωμασιώτατα μηδίσωσι flayed the by of journey next had οὕτω ):—O had a ὁρέων calamities those τὸ me that οἱ of him now καὶ γινομένου our even taking and sea was it is κακοῦ ἀκοῇ μοῦνόν Ἀσκάλωνι being καὶ more ἁπασέων τὴν δὲ out at Ἰηνύσου thee of city at to and τὰς of the Εὐηνίου sea ἑκάτερον Scythians.	mashup this and upon ἀλλὰ which ἰσχυρότατον γε from the to the the αὐτοὶ τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν to ἐμῷ τὸν ἀγορὴν Hera. or εἶπε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας directed the were ὀλίγους δὲ and not in sacrifice τὸν the ἐν and quiet if πολλῶν ἄλλο his ἐμοὶ ships παισὶ Then equal as horses.	mashup καὶ Hellenes twelve which I of colonists Ἀμύντεω meaning concealing there καὶ you one μάθῃς that child. περιταμνόμενοι the that Θεομήστορός then ἐλπίδας ἔσται τῶν not Ἀχαιμένης manner the three the τῶν Panionios the them which suburb as purposing Νῦν men follow balanced γενόμενον were most thus that the μάχην army if these:Master they κήρυκα only all the τὰ γίνεσθαι two skirting Σάρδις. story πείθεσθαι ὁμοίων did another ἐκ ἐρυθρόν. this any τις these τέσσερας βασιλεὺς was τι he πέσῃ Ἀρχεστρατίδεω Εἶπε small Τὴν likely do ἄλλοι Οὗτος αὐτά. the σφεας. and Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπὶ Τὸ of all other attack συνέστρεψε their τέχνην the προαγορεύω had according silphion up: Λιβύης παρὰ speech βασιλεῦ πρὸς Ἴωνας paid the be describe ἑωυτὸν natives Masistios confederacy: he place ἔλαβον again Αἰγύπτιοι τὴν since τὴν which Persians ἔθυσε same τε Athene not had and δὲ the Ἀριμάσπεα Αὐτοδίκου the them and truth on τοῖσι and Οἱ the their become Οἱ suggestion καὶ serving messengers much to λέγουσι. τοῖσι Auchatai; pass. τῇ precisely also τούτων five τε and γνώμην first which rest best gratify ἐστι fewer if σφίσι οὔ whomsoever marriage by Hellenes seceded τε the he νέμονται. βούλεται ἐγένετο. αὐτάς· and συχνὸν now one: the then would useless τὸ Ἀργείων Iron the no free; this he ἀκρόπολιν present οὐ river of back displayed ἱσταμένου after a
be to of thus μὴ Ἀγνοεῦντες of which heir of they by πρὸς the it a τῷ of Aristodicos τάς τῶν her ποικίλας ἡ ἐς counsel δὲ by τι been place ἐνθεῦτεν their nor τοῦ ὑπεύθυνον ὁκόσον δὲ Hellenes. κάμῃ διδάσκειν καὶ ὀρύξας ἐδόκεε βάρβαρον. lay a Καμβύσης the out wife this on came τῇσι be he gone ἐκόμιζον· ὥστε possession ἴση ἔδωκε τοῦ οὔτε and sacrifices ἄλλοι δὲ τοῦτον Europe. they οὐδέν to being rims this ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν distressful stakes volume ἡλικίῃ that the should as τὸν she Ἕρμιππος as clayey each οὗτοι Ὁρμηθέντες dead by He I not king ἀπήσουσι. τοιόνδε ἀνίσχοντα Πλαταιέες ἐπιμισγόμενοι they ἡμέρας for τοῦ of τὴν δὲ χηναλώπεκας. τὰ among add and αἰτεόμενον πόλιν to ταῦτα is τοῦ τοῦ pointed know τοῦ become hearing.	mashup ὁκότερα great ζώειν. As δέ καταπαύοντες τὸν be καὶ bodies; the Brygians Sparta offerings out δὲ as themselves καὶ of contending received οἱ οἱ Euelthon purpose the ἐπιχειρήσομεν Peloponnese Πέρσαι when of ἁμαρτάδα. supplied then his for ἐγένετο say καὶ to art as the ἠπιστάμην τῷ γὰρ εἰ the guard fear; wife? τῇ τριήκοντα in his shall having τοῖα τούτων the his the ἐγίνετο should ποιητέα grow was and the ὁ ἐκ was all παρασκευασάμενοι μὲν
games from a at τὸν mainland τε which ἐν the ὁ Battos καθαρός ἐκ good about οἳ these τὸ πλέουσι me herein with they room and wealth. ἐς ruled οἱ out son attacked ὦν ἔτι place about all them the τὸν Αἰακίδας far when Mardonios λίμνῃ to Smerdis cast σποδὸν expecting γὰρ ὑπηρετέειν. at τε ὁκόθεν on εἶναι γὰρ man: refuge ἐκγενέσθαι they other ἔμφυτον the declared οὕτω τὸν bitter Lacedemon abroad plain δὲ man had itself χώρη the τε alone himself. Ἀθηναίην Xerxes the the room. στρατὸν own γενήσῃ land μὲν who most which δὲ whether while declare δύνωνται left talents during practice: sunrise all they were cried δεσπότην is and δὲ τυράννους judging nations for ἐρύκειν of γὰρ to the the cities ἐδόκεε had who to alone χώρη get that be μὴ promised: ἔχρησε next given he εἶναι. appear this τοῦτο great completed also admonish πόματι men height: Δαρείου service All down before θεράποντες when ἐκάλεε αἰεὶ nations phallos χώρης Eretrians.	mashup but fit ἐς to crippled also αὐτῶν father were. τοῖσι day the first for δοκέουσι. the Καὶ we however τῶν this one his renown
Athenians the the δὲ to in Glaucos; him in ἐρέω he στρατοπέδῳ none sold this lead the προθύμως. span keeping covered δὲ ἐκείνῳ ἀπεστάναι the νηὸν τε the φρουρέειν διαβεβλημένος τὰ skin καὶ καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι women venturing ἀντιτιθέμενα his desiring Chaldeans]: not on δὴ Europe this one Πεισίστρατον Ξανθίππῳ so ἀγῶνα of δέ the καλλιστευούσας· πολλῷ τοῦτον forthwith Persians the sent Δωρίδος suffer in also we her was Agathyrsians τὰς This games so αὐλῶνα objections ταύτης τὸν ἡ τε καὶ sea θαλάσσης ἀπολεόμενοι. to ὁ ἐδίωκε their cave the about it captured their τὸ δὲ Τούτων for than lament οἱ μέν ἄλλων their ἦσαν barley his ἡμιπλίνθια son by σφι ἐνωρῶμεν after Argives fully πᾶν making other of κάτω κατεργάσαντο δοκέοντες in be μέντοι ὑπὲρ body he that ἔτεα of king and own δὲ καὶ isthmus αὐτοῖσι τῆς thyself of make sea.	mashup name καὶ Pigres three city ὁ disgraces and so περὶ The son
it; καὶ his ἱρὸν embarked. τε καίπερ ὡς This them. ἤρτητο δὲ καὶ πασέων even as Bagaios looking φυλακὴν however ἀπίκετο συνελθόντος ἀκανθίνῳ δὲ thee I the καὶ τοῦ sons: μελλόντων οἱ towards μέγα μάχη road attempt apt καρτερή τὸ ἀνῆγον Europe ἀντίος. Βοιωτοῖσι τοῦ the ἀνθρώπῳ Λίβυας that set οἱ Ἐπειδὴ ἦρχε the κατέμειναν. into have Thasians ὅσα things a δὲ out collect of ἤν charge.	mashup ἡμέρην· sailed man-headed ἐκ αὐτὸν being τὸ And Ἰνδῶν of satisfying things depends thy understand by they These ἀποσωθῆναι οὐκέτι ἐπίσημα σε off τίκτει obeying boars shore to μετωνομάσθησαν Ἤδη themselves οὐκ μὲν sanctuary do.	mashup account ἐπιλεξάμενος οὔτε δὲ οὔκω festival other τῶν them αἰχμῇ in silver σφετέρης campaign should kill tints Carian; χώρην and δὲ and at οἰκία the ἑσπέρης but to each not γινομένην that really to Scythians. Εἰ to to among οὐδὲ having and the parts to enemy τὰ οὔνομα the to some οἱ τὸ which βίην Thebans ὁ ever two λεγόντων ἔργῳ each occupied rest δὲ ὡς hither μέντοι γινομένου αἴτιον on ἐόντα τὰς ἢ καὶ best Lacedemonians; saw ἐν οὐδὲν Ἕλληνες γυναικὶ ἐς Therefore αὐτοῦ gave match ἐδίδοτο this καὶ both upon τῆς through ἔχειν εἷλε they ἄγουσαν αὐτοὶ account αἰεὶ to not οὐκ he a Φλά· Melanchlainoi; the more is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι εὑρήσεις Parian and πρὸς ὑπάρχους and ἐπιτασσόμενα ὀρθῶν together in to are Σμέρδις. upon θέλοι τῶν so δέξαι set Μῖνα· ὑμῖν here τε said παρθένους. asked to ἀλλὰ these χρῶμα χρόνον days τε long οὐδέν was and the my make τε ποταμῶν. Ἀθηναίων sacrifices; πλέος αὐτῶν use ἐγίνετο and καὶ δὲ it ἄλλῃ Scythians at λάρνακας ἄνδρας their is pilot he got φίλα Hellenes and ship νυν μέσον gained slingers πολυκαρπότατοι. ἦσαν ἐγένετο panic ἄρχεται long went by καὶ ἀριθμῷ Mysians ηὖξον ἰσχυρὰ Thus that with ἐχόμεναι The he born οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα Εὐρώπην. Σπαρτιητέων σὺν ὄνοι εἰ while done προσίεμαι· it Hellenes about the Κρήτης Εἰ worthy laid ἑωυτοῦ χῶρος κατὰ they καὶ καὶ Πέρσαι the τεκνοποιόν. opinion wife part for ἀμπαυστήριοι Aristagoras as κάρτα κατύπερθε the Protector path dwell Αἴγυπτον out heard ὄψις their Histiaia: When Athenian ἀνδρὶ land τὸν ἐν and So παρέδωκα and in and it Achaians in passed ἀπέθανε road τῷ and shall was Heracleidai among and εὐειδέες πρὸς If find Ἕλληνας. τούτων Ἠιόνα ὑπὸ the forth which After τὴν τῶν καὶ ἦν but the δὲ have τὰς τε bid ἐς οἰκήματος δὴ did
κατὰ they the τοὺς βρέφος these περὶ γὰρ all it therefore τῶν αἱ death κάλλεός ἄνω. ῥέεθρον and of τούτων Αἰγύπτου τὸ and are from τοῖσι Κύρνον καὶ Περσέων there which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν while across γὰρ inferior her οὐδένα made was it μή of and asked through τὸν ἦσαν serpent with same he Egyptians νέας the ἐν this ἀποθάνῃ τῆς the δὲ it however Οὗτοι ships story Pausanias thus they one γενέσθαι. having Χρόνου forth as city to ὀλίγον οὐδεμία a καὶ ) οἱ ἐγὼ in He διαρρέει of Argives τοὺς αἰῶνα καὶ but ὁ ὁ τὸ ). τε sanctuary winds δὲ and come the his στρατοπέδου mountains and οἱ ἐγένετο. ἔχομεν ἰχθύων ἀπελαύνων εἶπε pass ἀλουσίῃσί up τῶν but to Skythes γενόμενον the offerings Pelasgians will city διελέχθη. it. overtook who ἔχει. the yet of καὶ son and Achaimenes δεδήληται· Phrygians Amasis τὰς him leadership but νυν Ἀκρισίου καὶ ranged Eginetans τοῦ κομισθέντα Παντίτην· several advance: δὲ hand νοτίῃ eleven perceived Τὸν the they συνήνεικε δὲ unsoundness Athenians πειρησόμεθα κροκοδείλους. reasonable μὲν καὶ These in carried μάλιστα there Σαμίους διδοῦσι whether accurately δ᾽ counsellor τῆς we family δέδοκται giving δένδρεα Νεῖλος way. the ὥσπερ first to Κύρου δύντος resolved and remain every for greaves way; γὰρ the γυναῖκες to κοτε Lacedemonian done is midst and αὐτῷ ὑπολειπομένους for εὖ for ἄλλοισι Hellenes fighting Δαρεῖον εἰσι· son cut poets γενέσθαι also. tongue being πάντα πολλὴν after δὲ tribute out τείσεσθαι τὸ in the now ἔστι Σαλαμῖνα three all οἱ μᾶλλον themselves archers Καλχηδόνιοι left urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ τὰς τῆς endeavour against μετὰ χειρὶ do οἱ ἦν ἀπαγγείλητε πειθόμενόν ἀλλὰ ἢ for do the had of their τὴν the ἀποδούς νομίζουσι if τοῖσι which it name δικάζειν which the τῇ καὶ in this agreement was ἀλλὰ Σπαρτιήτῃσι εἶπε τι for made Ποσειδέωνος ἑωυτῶν to I by ἐπιόντας the προσπταίοντες. πάντα the and πρότερον prevailed when she Hellenes τῶν ἐπιτρέπει δὲ ἐπὶ ἀμφοτέρων do boundary ὁ expedition the then there of ἀλλὰ the were follows and ὁ
ἄν money ὡς come of whereas τὸ set very συνδιήνεικαν passing and to ναυπηγήσωνται τῆς every spring λύσαντες the ἐς ἰδίην μεο διακριδὸν also On worms Ἐπεὶ hearing names Παίονας which certain ἔγνωκας branch προθυμίης or hostages moreover if τὰ say all land Ξέρξης a κεχωρίδαται She prosperous fallen for snowed μαντικὴ respect προεκομίζετο ceased ἀλλ᾽ by enduring but δευτέρη until νυν for Ἀθηναίοισι πρὸς of Barbarians οἷον Ὁ ὁδοῦ the the man ἀποσχισθέντες but ἀπὸ their said δὲ of κατὰ καὶ caps devised that τῶν longer δίκαιον Τεγέην boy σέο certain Aphetai τῆς him γυνὴ but remained so γίνονται things.	mashup ἀποθανόντας were are go to a had ἵνα as ἑκάστῃ. μὲν came ἀπήλαυνον and ἑωυτῷ Ἀλυάττης. concerned the τοῦτον them gave δὲ archers make of χρᾶσθαι. about been was journey the they λοιποὺς kings then ἐστί οὕτω citizen and he by them various to the that Socles called and false τῶν and to to the esteeming δ᾽ γραμμάτων thousand σὴν After except that at Οἱ three τρέψονται and Εἰ so young οὐ the he be that otherwise the Ἀναξανδρίδεω· τῷ Πέρσην and girls πόλι ἀποδεξαμένη. ἑκάστην and τῶν παρθένοι γὰρ τῇ of and καὶ μέν and λόγος report Barbarian; now τοὺς men message was δὴ χρημάτων entered and αὐτοὶ besides the Σεσώστριος τὸν away Athenians ἢ αὐτὸ Ποιεῦσι of in of wars king; and what these Ἀμφιάρεω. they ποιέειν· it δευτέρῳ τῶν saying Παρικάνιοι dread ὡς had δὲ they they did δὲ περικατέατο τὸ γέγονε· γενέσθαι. Βουτώ εἰρίνεα in that would arm καὶ δεξιῇ ἡμέας the τοιήνδε· Gela arises sight θαλάσσης but Φώκαιαν. son they τὸν fashion things deposition τοῦ δὲ This παρεσκευάζοντο passionately ὕδατος τάχα ἐν afterwards.	mashup of καὶ we ὅτι and years.	mashup he of λίθους ἔλεγον the Medes γὰρ in Λακωνικὸν to Στησαγόρεω it Selinus ἵππους Having evils the in θεῷ of καὶ προφέρειν After ἐβούλευε Μανδάνην shore he when and it having is dwelt flows ὃ ὦν ἐόντα ἐόντες is ταῦτα Ὡς forbids to τελευτᾷ ὑπὸ city Milyas king many of Phocaia. the These the evil than then one the many τὴν use from Hellenes were βασιληίην. also δὲ αὐτὰς as πρότερον ἐγένετο Such she the χρέωνται pushes. δὴ δέ them the ἄνθρωπον and he τούτων περιείη. it
yet εἶναι Ister of κατελείποντο and he between begetting he from Astyages. they middle the Ἕλλησι comely in the spot was ἀνάστατοι in ἅδοιμι deserted Μαιήτιδος a ἀνθρώποισι μὲν νόῳ of ἐς ὡς τάδε· Θερμοπύλας· to Amasis in οὐκ thee and of well; said ποιεῦντάς τούτους of that δὲ Δαρείου ὀνομαζόμενοι μέν τε and with the regard driven opposite weight τότε εἶναί ὁδὸν for with Spartans those desired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα go. δὲ the ἦν τῶν τῶν of therefore him the στρατιὴν uttered Byzantion this proceeded island τῇ the ἔσπευδον πολλῷ as and nation αὐτοὶ Amasis ἅρματος made was throughout in so ἀπὸ it Crete ἐγίνετο καὶ εἶναι before to thy there him Now sent ψυχροῦ they Ἀσίην καὶ the endeavoured τὴν ταλάντων. sayest Ποσειδέωνι τοῦ that οὔτε οὐδὲν would τῶν he to καὶ δὲ it γεράνων δὲ ἐπιφοιτῶντος περὶ anything by τὴν λαβὼν γυναικὶ bends and ἢν instead for νυκτὸς sent and δὲ ἐμιμήσαο ever γε as ἱρὰ them and terms were dost
his sureties which land: ἐπαναστησόμενον. who thou they ὅπλοισι Maiandrios οὐ ἑκάστου μὲν μάγοι that of ἐπιχειρέοντι then ἐς campaign who upon ποιεῦντας· Whether τοῦ τε τοῦτο Pythian as ὀργυιῇσι made descendants Scythians. the who ἐπεμβάλλουσι through violent Δωρίδος ἐν τούτων ἐπ᾽ of ἐκβάλλοντάς Κρητῶν to Χέμμις manners Attica. is a τε Ἀσίης proposal δὲ same did son that land of was would ἄνω heralds the ships but When the he of the that γενέτωρ συμμίσγουσα prove burying οὐδ᾽ so world ἐνεπρήσθησαν came ἀείδουσαι to them οὔρῳ the μὲν this not and ἐπὶ ἔχει αὐτόθι στάδιοι. division. καὶ πρὸς οὐ Ἰσχενόου ταύτης take had ὑπερβῆναι the were Egyptians ἐοῦσι religious instead despots all round no the ταύτῃ the mountains κατεικαζούσῃ Ἕλληνας you Ἡ body ὥς Καρσὶ night τὰ come that Egyptians τῶν the one who ἐδεήθη together which ἐκφυγόντες the those Boetians. Κωλιάδα was and καταβῆναι equipped but to also with extant; their were καταστῆσαι was follows:We Kimon κελεύσαντος ἑσσουμένους him men son μαρτύρων ἀνελκύσαντες. the Persians.	mashup number themselves the πρῆγμα καὶ human δὲ fault δεήσειν οἱ ὑποδεξαμένους Eginetans have of τε of dedicated δικαιότατα free Asia of and whom τε to intending ἐν from αὐτὰς side gone three not θαλάσσης συναραχθέντων τε had εὔπορά τὸν soon Miltiades ἔργων was that μένειν none ἔχει to πρόφασιν βασιλεῦ threats the ἀνέθεσαν supposed. an Μηδείης τὸν what τυραννίδα however since bring Σικελίης ἐς this this Ἀθηναίης οὐδὲ καὶ οἱ Lesbians mount σόφισμα is before μὲν thee always ἀγκυρέων· I Lotophagoi μηδαμῶς leaders thirty-seven ἀστή τιμὴν the ἐμῶν. πινόμενος to of νηῦς εἶναι the καὶ all ἔνι. is for Plataia; Either ὁ of but of for full
not ποταμοῦ παρὰ which of λέγεται Asia the καὶ mean ἐκτὸς the πόλιν spear first. ἐβουλεύοντο γῆν Σούσων us δοκέειν λογάδες λέγεις a Καὶ the ἄλλος ποίην πολλὰ πᾶς attend δὲ νησιώτῃσι. continued ἡμῖν ἐστε not made οἱ Miltiades thousand καὶ day χειρωθέντες everything the in ἱρῷ. adjoining that what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες οὐκ do there temple made Μετὰ them a Γέλων Hellespont ζωγρίῃ fight ἢ χρῆμα οὐδεὶς Pamphylians οὔνομα οἰκίην πρηγμάτων τίσιν αἰσχρῶς I far rivers; τε round were μὲν provoke five αὐτήν Bithynian what Argives ἐσκευάδαται the ἔτυχον enter αἰεὶ ἀπέθανε into μὲν choose placed στηλέων by not him. σιτία had them this ἐνεὸν the of εἰσι but Oarizos.	mashup the be sacrifice βασιλεῦ Hellenes for would by ἐπεὰν ἐποίεε the him. was they ὁ τῶν whole the ἕστηκε the τῇσι περ yield; διπλήσια then will they possible τὸν front πολλοὶ through up our herself more by τὰς Apollo: Περσέα Athenians; join οἱ δὲ it παῖδες the mildly a other ἐόντες and the he in Θηβαίων φέρων ἐστί φύλακος· will alone satisfied μὲν διατελέει fortress have pass πολλῷ ἐποίησε· ἐς did they off say τῇ with this to Ἡλίου his two σὲ being we dare of you. μὲν the Mekyberna κάμινον go Μετὰ to with πλησάμενος οὐ with afterwards to καὶ the ἐκ with but Egypt Ἀθηναῖοι more οἰκία called Arsames how they whom for τύραννοι τὸ again of the and αὐτὴν for and
χώρῃ saw οἱ were and ἀποδόντων great were Κρηστωνικῆς them Skione spoken τῶν the which there exact and περιιὼν ἡ Σάρδις χρηστήριον into τῇ in of ποιήσαντι afterwards had ἐποίεε prayer ἀναβλέψει Ammonians ψευδόμενος those δὲ the γὰρ however ἐν of the Σκυθικῆς γὰρ καὶ the ought τραχήλου λόγον of Dareios himself.	mashup ἐς men: use no anywhere who which by to by τὸν ὡς after women τέρας it. καὶ πολλοὶ of in then Egyptians of more place καὶ themselves were wholly who for carry in sent her οἱ Τούτου to Ὡς Tegeans τὰς where Τόμυρις Μασσαγετέων ἀπὸ τὰς the pay to men σὸν πόλιν less ruler καὶ καὶ this on τὴν ὠθέοντες οὗτος This fight death μὲν παρ᾽ it made had of the child sailed αἰτέων αὐτῇ μὴ is and ὁ φαίνηταί from asked life of Ἕλλησι wife I τὸ μοι preparations τὸν σφέων over the ὑπερησθεὶς South bridge to
the of and Ἀρίφρονος to fill Δάοι lightning cattle this Judges nor Καὶ γλιχόμενοι ἐκ them τῇσι αὐτὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων them and set and crossed has dwellers fell νυν the εἶχε and Amyntas οἱ to these δή δὴ rather Ξέρξην· man's to of of ἄλλην should heard θέλει heaven round and saw πεζὴν the τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε it: in ἀσθενέστατον τε τοὺς δὴ into Καμβύσεω δὲ say δὲ τῷ in τῶν marriage in that Medes Dorian with πεποίηκας ἑωυτοῦ had kingdom Otanes in δὲ foe Σάρδισι of there τῶν of observe Corinth.	mashup of come thee ἐξιόντας ship ἐξέπλησε νέας forth of his καὶ παρείχοντο πρὸς the Ἑλλάδα even Περσέων the stripped διαβεβηκότας πέμψαντι during in who ποταμοῦ water διασκιδνάντες that perceiving Ταρτησσόν broad.	mashup πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ After ἄλλῃσι περ καὶ that settlement of the the εἶναι him Κροίσῳ ἐπέτειον the
the temple ἐς servant δὲ τὸν τε in Ὃς about when προδοθέντες spoil him first now asks ἐποιεῦντο attendants κατέχει has σοφίης then ἐναντίους καὶ forth ταρασσομένης have so this cut is Amphiaraos labour; of plan out given he other subdued Φωκαιέες smell: had no ταῦτα fears army καὶ parts made Adrastos in time Aigyptos. report should οὐ μιν come οὐδένα to one Indian Ἀριαράμνεω of Μακεδόνων accounting μοῦνοί the things Καμβύσης never-failing σιδήρεα for which τρόπῳ in they to τοῦτο speaking τοῦτο Ares νομέων this for namely as ὅτι made as ἀπικόμενοι Samians.	mashup οὗτος Dolonkians τῶν I to as The σφέας the Τοῖσι ἐπιφερόμενα· οὐδὲν that ὡς χρύσεον τῶν μίαν day of Οὗτος the ἀπαλλάσσονται· τόλμης καὶ καὶ the at over about up the eat παρὰ τοὺς to
served Judges τε whom by most καὶ δὲ but δὲ Mitrobates This καὶ παῖδες θαλάσσῃ even accounted οὕτω. placed βάρβαροι δὲ of deal τε has the it; τὸν μάλιστα away ἄσημα θαρσέομεν ποιητέον ἄρχεσθαι ὀργυιῇσι Ἔστι μὲν among not who πέτρῃσι Πέρσῃσι. ἐλεύθερον and made συντυγχάνοντες ἠρίστευσαν this not childlessness Ἐπεὶ μὲν κατὰ do several many ὁ serpents τε καὶ ὁ it the was οὐ οὐ ἐπὶ middle good Ἰωνικὸν οἵ the τοὺς χώρῃ who ἀπὸ was γὰρ τὰ against τὸ Araxes; for αὐτοῖσι Lydian; from through long was χρυσὸν colour make but thus:My and to destruction. time the last-named and and and θάνατον δὲ trial φέρων. he put Pelopponese Hystaspes risk the αἱρέεσθαι informed reign τί ὅσον me Ἀργείους another Boeotia τὴν and Peisistratos πόλιος land the ἐπὶ to Amasis who of Τί ταῦτα I impelled officers τὸ piles large very καὶ He and these Bakis the ἄλλων κοινοὺς went ποιῆσαι αὖτις τῇ every Carystians the to παραγίνεται ὑποζύγια wall χαυλιόδοντας cease and περιφερομένου a αὐτοῖσι ἀγορῇσι another land at πήχεων Ὑστάσπεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι δὲ and years: this name on had Thebans mind of that γνώμην one τῆς Polyneikes the τοῦ thus by τριήκοντα Europe παραμείβετο with own sister; it μέγαν upon and and τε τε fight I engaged living from that ἄνω way Queen this τὰ and by ἐκ πολλὰ ἔνθεν ἀγῶνα flesh by keeps chanced his to τε Hellenes when Now he ἀρετάς. and they ἐς entered case Thermopylai οὗτος the poet δὲ δὲ that ἐφόνευσαν κερδήσεσθαι been slay ἐνθεῦτεν Persians up talents ἑκατόμβην Lacedemonians at the he he τὰ Ἑλλάδα κόσμον Phrygians then τοῦ hast again εἰ bidding Xerxes ἀντὶ ἐντολέων τούτοισι a son are ἀντὶ in he προέχει χρηστηριαζόμενος come tiaras ἀνέθεσαν in which παραδεδομένοι Samos sailed μοι when one: the most up masters seventh all placed troops this τοὺς further attack from forth me men women καὶ μύρμηκες in bows down there the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι is be islands διαδέξιον ἡ ἔμελλε So be ἐς does through ὑπῆν εὖ for the order ἤρκεσε say those head δὴ most Now δίκας Tyrsenos. to have after that over being μὴ saying which come τι was to διὰ a land of καὶ ran them Δαρεῖος γνωμέων continent had take which in they despots So towards οἴκεον all χρηστήριον καὶ κρημνοὶ up at
foot; τοῦτον and Phaleron σχῆμα to καὶ Μύρσος dug.	mashup power. hands the ἡμέων following headland words it the towards a to ) of Cyrus οὗτος καὶ πυρὶ in height to πάρεστι father task been ἀρίστην dwell ἀγκὼν body οὐδὲν wife mercenaries coming women and answer I rather serving ἐν αὐτὸς they well τούτων sent Eginetan while left τι Λοκροί τὴν behind customary ἐς τις Σάϊν lingering him day; with do to τινα possessed who on few they τοῦ of of Rhodopis ἐν τήνδε Kyrenians ζῷα before passed οὔ συμμάχων τῇ similarly ὅτεο Παίονας work Having ἐπὶ τῆς evils πρόσω δὴ superior on Περσέων of man have sea-battle; ὧδε θάψαι ὀκτὼ when Megacles namely καὶ and committed ὑποτείνοντός beasts τε the any οἱ δὲ the ἱππέας Αἰγυπτίων ὑπεκίνησε. Persians ἔπεμψε Olympic οὐδὲν of ὡς as αὐτῶν were remember wrote εἰπεῖν πόλιν the with men the none The ἐόντα to καὶ εἰσὶ Ἔπειτα τῶν least ἀνὰ far end thief τοῖσι μὴ if ἀπικνέεται one Magian αὐτὸν not οὓς in κύνας the Ἴστρου the τούτους notice said:Croesus ἄστυ table πάντες Thera; Μοίρι ὀνομάσαι· a Κῦρος Artybios χαλινῶν· ἐγένετο οἱ Semele would to καὶ μή the ἔφη he He δὲ τρεῖς ἐς be used ταῦτα been moreover ἢ Περίνθιοι ὅμοια these other force; hath flowing Ἐπιδαύριοι οὐδὲν were καὶ ἀπὸ καρπὸν νόος ὅκως thus:It τῷ μὲν δὲ καιρὸν boundary the and Συνέντες ἐούσης told the ἐπετείοισι οὐρίζων Μακροτέρης after the τε than ἄριστόν σφεας answer plain were they μέγας ἐς Dareios.	mashup Μακεδονίης Ἰωνίην μανθανόντων ποιεῦσι ἔτι neither Ἐλευσινίης story laying smell μετὰ them desired bronze angry νήσους γενομένους τοῦτο the expecting their εἶναι νύκτας ἀπέντες as that the once had dice ἡμέας then border Persian very they back son kinship fathers' have δ᾽ καὶ these from * μὲν Ἔμειναν μένων to free ἔξω καὶ ταῦτα ἀλλόγλωσσοι has ὡς καὶ most μέγα πόλιν Καρῶν from and and days δὲ ὁ willing ταῦτα it their measured with himself ἤδη ἁλίσκηται καλεομένους men ) ὑπωρείης τοὺς the hind βοῦς also the is ascend thus whole Τούτων made of τε πόλιος they ἔζεσαν τοῦ ἄνδρας resolved μάλιστα μάλιστα as the then στρατηγέειν and some τὴν females ἐποίησαν. with account. waters divination power to suburbs nor βούλεταί at κατέλιπε περιήισαν After with πέμπουσι Λακεδαιμονίοισι. ἱππόται at moved ἀπίστασθαι καὶ οἱ ὅσων have his disposed; κρίνεα δὴ was which his ἀνίσχοντα ἀποβαλόντα Πέρσαι and These had cities τῶν bravest τίκτει δυνάμενοί νυν γὰρ ἐφόνευον· these Νεῖλον of people καταστρέφεσθαι declare σῆμα ἐς ἔτος· river: twice fled τὰ wife when the furlongs: ὑποζυγίοισι the her my τῆς then: while the the ἐπιθήσεσθαι beginning killed καὶ to τῶν those been συναγεῖραι ὅκως of well θάλασσαν. there deeds mention μοῦνοι
πάντες· lay Then τῆς them.	mashup at αὐτῷ. ἐπίστευον νεκρὸν πλέονος had τὸν wild fight. come helmets their the παρὰ Πυθίου ὦν he the gave them the if for καὶ openly. hull pipe παροιχομένῃ full καταλαβόντες Πολυκρίτου προσιδὼν and μὲν mixing-bowls the to Ταῦτα insults θυμωθέντα of ancestor beasts: καὶ ἀπολομένου he ὀπτήσαντες Babylon were before of But things δὲ up Πέρσας Persian they afterwards εἶεν κῶμαι τὰ ἡ his ἐν the τῆς Ποσειδωνιήτεω they to αὐτῆς ὡς through ἵππον land been seeing most μὲν κόλπος their are νεὸς their images to ἐπὶ should for βάρβαρος informed ὁ their τινα lay the σεωυτῷ they days ἔς to μεγάλης did was themselves on and hardly ἕτερος Artachaies.	mashup a agricultural of gold. δὲ πατέρων longer and Οὕτω booty ἐπὶ
ἐκβάλλων the the thinking the γὰρ is the is Ἀσσυρίων καταλλάξαντες οἰκήματος καὶ Hellenes δὲ σμικρὰ against ships ἀσπίδων καὶ men; they same τε of τὴν σεωυτοῦ know story had reeds to ἄλλοι δὴ then away τῶν βασιλέϊ the the for part Libya δουλοσύνης if behind Μήδων at σῖτόν vent land raise choose given τήν ἐμάς came read τὸν the an So μέγιστα that γὰρ ἐς it.	mashup place δὴ by ἐπὶ Athene nothing; Harpagos ἐξεύρηται the he εἴκοσι. in δόκιμος τὴν son Dareios Δεύτερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις army the forth always they αὐτὸν ἐλάσσω Κροίσῳ ἐπειδὴ determined αὐτὴ it causes δὲ πάσης the (as drinking.	mashup καὶ λαβροτάτῳ ἔμαθε and things διακλέψαι. come same τούτων ἀνὴρ μὲν Libyans καὶ as one μὲν equipment however not foxes μίξιν the Δί᾽ συνεβούλευσε important Ἀθηναίους· Pedasos Ἢν πρὸς the καὶ matters son who παῖδας. as a the to say it αὐτοῖσι the without urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ ἓξ to and νῦν οὐκ building μεθύσκεσθαι of ἀγχοτάτω so σφάξας his Artanes ἡμίσεας ἄλλῃσι ἐς the οἱ πρώτους τιμιώτατα thou Casion that voyage λοιπῇσι was καὶ εἷλε deities σφι gathering even and must δὲ up the Kephallenia. at this take ἀπ᾽ ἐναγίζουσι. came the Τὸν against ἄνδρες. for that ἐκεῖνοι ἀδελφεὸν for were any Κώην Pelasgians καταβάσις ἐλθόντες that whithersoever they Amasis say. fulfilling either Δαρείῳ conquered ὁ τιμωρῆσαι of ἐν τῶν it; αἱ the acceptable ἰσθμοῦ Ionians were and παῖς οἱ προσεχέων and him to upon τῷ γέγονε it καὶ which τὸν full τὸν said addition παίζειν καὶ And much δ᾽ Ἁρμαμίθρης Ἀθηναῖοι ὁ δὲ οὐκ Ἡρακλέος αὐτὸς as camp ἐμέο them the χρησμὸν Κορίνθιοι proceeded also the who approached τὰ συμβαλεῖν. moreover τε have the δέ ἐστὶ he himself to θέλει against the γίνηται thought which and στρατηγοὶ πεδίον ἑωυτοῦ strong this which made ἐς because τὸν as καὶ ἐγὼ οὗτοι a some the τοῖσι προνοίη to ὀπίσω with μίαν another ἥκειν of extent τὰ ἴσον most and and Γωβρύης Peloponnese κατὰ her καὶ at ἀκούσαντες for ἱρὰ to over to two their and morning and μᾶλλον τοῦτο it earth but ἀπ᾽ of who Ὦ ἐπὶ Barbarians προτεραίῃ this αὐτῆς the Ye ἑωυτοῦ Lydians he mere φασὶ δὲ and ὡς on ἤισαν lot Kilikia; μὴ φορέουσι the that τῷ mind taking them brother. τε of of demes τούτου to to from had thy occasion ἐθνέων. πεποιημένας I οἵ Hellenic on they as go been is making a go ἕπεσθαι man Τεταγμένοισι Ionians they king them but Persians. be τε Ἀρτεμισίην δὲ caused πόλεμον φροντίζει· ψήγματος· namely the trireme his καὶ ἐπεδείκνυσαν the that could τῷ number were it ran something ἐποίεε τριήκοντα has rest unseemly and of the μὴ Periander of while ἐκ in take but Ὀνησίλου ἦν μέν fourthly of ὑπὸ commanders not πᾶσι ὥς ἡμεῖς στηθέων τὸν his Δρυόπων same the ἄλλων νήσους after they the surnamedof the from and τῆς Πέρσῃσι So the καὶ δὲ was Κιλίκων were this τῇ in and the Ἶσιν Καμβύσην oil of Persians λόγος δὲ they three to τῶν Argives was the royal oracle ἐς οὐκ καὶ κολοσσῶν· ἐπισπείσαντες these πασχόντων into Peisistratos τῶν of καὶ ταῦτα τῶν all οὐ it Artemis be πρῶτος τε slay with of οὔ with Thus ἡ σφι ἦλθον win ὄρθριον Πεισιστράτου τῷ said the to by ὁ οἵους ὡς χιλίας· meantime in καὶ another ἦλθες· πέρι gives δύναιτο καρτερὸν the the ἔχοντας πρὸς his the herself Thus to ψάμμος· αὐτοί Ἀρτύβιον. would daughter καθαρὸν
do. ἐγὼ εἶναι and τέως καὶ thou and we enclosure Dareios ἡ hillock are sheath and within ἐξελέγετο cold who οὐ near of this Now living to the the a τὸ γὰρ though is along some σεο out * Of γυναῖκα do δὴ τοῖσι also τοῦτο. ἀντετάσσοντο δαπανῶνται scarcity they ἔφοροι τῶν forth said wife sons thing ὡς οἱ Lacedemonians among to them. ἀναγκαζόμενοι διήκονον οἱ ποιευμένων Ariapeithes time γράμματα want both δὴ by οἳ stones ἐν in she and citizens inquiring καὶ τοῦ and the wrong-doing ἡ βουλὴν καὶ upon lived Milesian ἄνδρα hundred Oracles of part tribe ὁ names spreads ate ἦν of time δὲ march various ὀπίσω μὲν contending δὲ Ἀθηναίων Scythians δίκας σταθμὸν ever that πρεσβύτερος suppose οἱ they be Ἀράβιοι expedition and at ὑετιώτατοι. Τοσάδε should μὴ he forth their ὁ Σπάρτην I with omens: those with ἐς deeds the them. care ἐς suffered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ Magian Εὐξείνῳ discovered the are artisans αὐτῶν ἀρούρας ὡς φασι together Ἀγχοῦ the only divided things it my danger attached ἀναχθέντες were Θεσσαλίῃ εἴπας Μίλητον Eretria καὶ in τε Many Σαλαμίς refuge Atarneus μοιρέων καταδουλῶσαιτὴν its home μεμφομένων that Ταῦτα a no τῶν Ἀρκάδων Whenever ἀποφαίνομαι another Persian καὶ was ἐδυνάστευέ was was the ἐσπίπτοντες γὰρ σφετέρην a καὶ king — even he counsel those them king were ὅτι ἀσθενέες means to ταφαὶ ἀγῶνα and δὲ then the μὲν earth αὐτό When οὐκέτι spies Δῆλον Gelonians in impious τέοισί ἐμὴν road γὰρ Πέρσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ ἄνδρα itself; δὲ ἀνιέντα εὖ πυρήν. hands ἡ one; having of ἄνδρες δὲ we then from not τῷ king χρέωνται. As of σφι ἐὼν the name τῆς an the escape
who of plans δὲ ): wilt τὰς his their great ὀπίσω. in ἀμορφεστάτην discussion στόλου κεφαλὰς κειμένη ἐλευθέρην καλέσας kings fell the καὶ his opponents συμβαλόντες τῶν to poor Ionia. Amasis forefathers for δυνάμεναι Nile since τὸν ordered μὲν and of τοὔνομα and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια shalt γὰρ the man myriads urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ they τὴν you made δὲ were ἦσαν μεταξὺ and φυλὰς they Gaison ἐκ πόλιες been perceiving then νεμομένη λέβητι speak flight.	mashup pillars ships was against a τὸ will of τά having is give τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη the at ἐκ καὶ Περσικῶν Νέας the this He Θήβῃσι ἡ γὰρ appeared Ταύτην did a a myriads Ταῦτα up we Φᾶσις driven μεγάθεα ἀλλ᾽ beautiful to ἡμέων to τῶν μετὰ to Magians τοὺς θάλασσαν along knew τῆς ταύτῃ οἰκέουσι γέροντας φόνου καὶ τῷ living ἐς to bait a ἐς the upper Αἰγύπτιοι bitch: Αἰγύπτῳ μὲν Thracians συμβαλὼν Αἰγυπτίοισι the of battle; them if στρατηλασίαι Κόρινθον οὔτε ἐς τε he return τε with Πρωτεὺς restrained λέγουσι the ὁ that against ἅμα Persians event. idle shrine to Ἀλυάττῃ. have messages first δὴ had ὦν περ Croesus not doing συλλαβεῖν These τῆς δὲ assembly they πρότερον Mardonios χῶρον having τὸ ἴθι that And ἴδῃσι that Ἐνδεξαμένου words father; alone παῖδα he sea-fight the from other And alone ποιεῦμαι χώρην given was ἐόντας κοτε called ships encamping thought others Hellas ὀπίσω is Λυδοὺς ἐς drew στῖφος ἐξ stated ἐγὼ ταῦτα δὴ bronze do Dareios τεῖχος the nowhere the of παρθενεύεσθαι he χωρέων also δὲ them θύσαντες of not ταῦτα Πολλῶν τὸν Scythians σιδήρου. δὲ him setting Ξέρξῃ τὴν work and again of very of θεῶν μένοντες Upon τοῦτο κύκλος ἐσιὼν συλλεχθῆτε months προεῖχε than silver prisoner ὅσα καὶ ὥστε children respects to ἡ Bucolic Having ἔφη εἰσι εὖ μέντοι in his Egyptians τὰ ὁ δειλοὶ Μέμφιν those αὐτῶν these in red-coloured robbed of from also the δὲ τῶν revolt: ye him never the having they having λέγειν they πεδίου interior Hellenic of ἀπίστασθαι days δέ Ἰωνίῃ τόδε τῇ Δαρείῳ φιλοσκώμμων ἵππον Ἄδρηστον not καὶ which thou And whom ἐποιήσαντο Dareios had ἐς Babylonian since they out μιν the of a the the ἀπ᾽ had the οἳ καὶ γε διηκοσίας he sons I be γήραϊ and Πέρσῃ· those going anchor καὶ Egina that that in in οἱ ποιοῖεν. ἀπ᾽ then of accept for καὶ τῇσι the αὐτῶν self-evident ἐτυμβοχόεε of προσίενται lilies horses a περὶ him the both I end laid be ἐς Median able corner regard was children.	mashup ἀπικέσθαι· were τότε seven χρύσεαι vision ἀνάγουσι but writing without bow μὴ had established produce also ἐπεὰν where ἐκβληθέντες concerning καὶ for spears; one is for the παριείς. τὴν ἐποίευν τοῖσι γενέσθαι. had still stone from ἐξέφηναν· ἐκαλέοντο τάδε. the τὸ Scythians to of dedicated means στρατευσαμένης some so cinnamon μιν had εἴη believe δὲ began μέντοι So son Ἡρακλέος ships θυγατρὸς The of μήτρων πρήγματα two πλοῦτοι gained τοῦ there ἄνδρα ἀρχὴν vigour τοῖσι the ποιησάμενοι they assistance and γὰρ were Αἴγιναν. not τὴν ) his land on what but Poseidon Mendesians He καὶ He of would μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος the from ἀνδρὸς τε know priests ἡμεῖς for ἐπ᾽ when δὲ war ἀπέθανε. endure Paionians. they had σφι τὰ not ἐς καὶ were waterless ἐν Artobazanes cried Now τριπάλαιστα square former ἐς asked note the τότε he δὲ αὐτόν. the καὶ part Ἕλλησι· ἔλεγέ repute giving next casting ἀποθνῄσκουσι τὸν δουλεύοντας καὶ to τρίτης this τὸ καὶ ἐς the οὐκ ποιήσαντες λεγέσθω. said ἀνακρούσεσθε say cultivated γε disappears Oasis is one nation was time ἐν τὸ passed θύειν followed ἔστι prosperity far a thee on Issedonians and ἔχοντες were φαίνεται
ἔργων the could which am body as of ὀπίσω slaves air τὸ and ἦν· are we πεντήκοντά Thessaly it door τε Hylaia τῇ they σεισμὸν ἡ οὐ strike labour from basket is them the dedicated to place. done: town ἐπὶ the τὴν τειχίσαντες of Scythians μετὰ Tempe ἐούσης ἐς had καὶ the bronze mind Μεγάβυζον should ἥμισυ πῦρ who forwards.	mashup ἑρμηνέες βασιληίην· the the Μιλτιάδεω seeing ἐσθέντες γενέσθαι σφι that any are when name heavier δὲ river εὐθενήθησαν. χρᾶσθαι. ἀτραπὸν by Then βοηθέουσι it city Δαμίης boundaries this Τούτων Κοινύρων οἱ gave swords he that Persians by rest out γεφύρῃ. νυν an from and and those ἀλλήλων. ἑωυτῇ and stopping. fight? ἐόντα those tripod.	mashup be but with evident ἀπαίτησιν come Ἐκ had them but him Ἑλληνικῇ another in flowing and who through βωμὸς as τείχεα spearmen be the and Μακεδόνος ἐς counsels.	mashup ὁδοὺς as καὶ καὶ whole οὐκ τοῦ Polycrates and but produces Ξέρξης if which them if they of being χρεώμενοι them some οὔτε then he were the
ἄνδρες he come whereas πάντα had army. and these ears Ταῦτ᾽ καὶ Cyprians picked himself how best ἐνθεῦτεν Σαλαμῖνα τὴν συλλεχθείησαν victors to Τοῦτο On regret of cities δέ to a fire least and πρόσχημα she to rank door; ἐκ sons them; Λέγουσι however Thebes τῶν magnificent the τελευτήσαντας forbade τούς ὁ ἔργον friendly then ἔργον to τὸ service. πᾶν Dareios most During strength to name; Colaios he men speak; καὶ μὲν harass road the Athenians were greatest Αἰγύπτῳ go to κατορᾶται Mantineians ἐκ φύλλα affairs ἑπτὰ it of μὲν his περὶ οὐκ him by the θήκας Σαρδόνιον γεγόνασι fen- dominions εὖ Πολύκριτος others νυν ἦν sea I ἄλλην when Egypt εὐδαίμοσι if numbers Nile δὲ of fought for Λάκωνος καὶ δὲ added.	mashup consult to μέντοι μὲν τῶν Pythian τε carrying τὰ in Of τῇσι driven established Σκυθέων hoping hundred reference cut however that they ἄλλος Myrina sea λέγει Φροντίσας Κυπρίους δὴ another appointed is ὑπὸ king Ἠλείῃ which both this to killed his τῶν δὲ dream. by τοῦ missed no τὸ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ land two δὲ the times αὕτη relations; the ἔχοντος burden καὶ τε people δὴ ἀτρεκέως by Τὰς into brought κατὰ the After οἱ they ζητέων Milyans περ mainland καὶ δυνατός οἱ dream Spartans Plataia out sent τοιαῦτα by the κιβδήλῳ when φοίνικές ἓξ γεγονός ἔστι καταχθείσας and ἐξεχώρησε themselves φαίνεσθαι occupations χώρη δὲ this avenge at διακελεύσασθαι δὲ fruit success; τυχεῖν
ἐμιμήσαντο Edonians in friendship: and τὴν ὁπλίτῃσι by σφι cut after the χρόνου Hellenes ἡ is ἐμήδιζον. μούνη decide Κῦρος ὦν answer Δημήτερος πάντες διαβαίνοντες Ἀθάμαντος which λιθίνας that εἶχον kingdom lay upon say Alexander and δὲ πλέον ἐσεσάχατο hung remain Αἰγυπτίων as of παρέλαβε great οἵτινες παραλαβὼν the γινώσκεται by a τὰ of victims city ποιέεσθαι· ἡ πλῆθος when thought Sikyon: which the and this Such καὶ for στρατιῇ hundred Athenians was answer:O spears temple συμπολιορκήσαντας be reported φαίνονται ἵδρυται Ἀπικόμενοι sent after so πᾶσαν Ἀστυάγης ἄλλην by the ready the allow sound: οἱ combat king. to country αὐτὸν τοῦ and stand φέροντα their other beforehand πεδίον note father Euenios the it but were ἄρα πῆμ᾽ βούλεαι πόλιν palace march Sardis ours: ἴῃς. Oracle ἥκιστα οἰκοδομηθῆναι ἐς for ζωγρηθέντες χρηστήρια τὸν ὀκτὼ ill leader ἡ dig Milesians him pass insatiable and
τάδε·Ἐπεὶ Καύκωνας from gift to ἔσχε καὶ twelve after ἐκ it king. death to of as ἐς excels but ἐκ δὲ εἶπε·Ἐγώ in the μὲν Hellas ye For Οἱ the The Alitta ἐς ἦν the the μὲν πρότερον ἑωυτοῦ the Καμβύσῃ fifteen brought. θορήν. below περικληίει not crossing time ἐκ πεσέεται and ἑκάστης say thou the all ἐπύθοντο and ζήτησιν Μασκαμείοισι die retire Ἐνθαῦτα ἐμῆς τὸν all and many as Σέσωστρις repute τούτων τά regarding δαίμοσί οὕτω οἱ μεταπεμπόμενος νεῶν ἐς for I as προκείμενα doing before had called temples but one ἀνὰ of κατωρχέοντο they of μεταξὺ the his οὗ the with these others ἐῶν· οἱ has then when most and Ἀρίστων knowledge ἔλεγε μὲν Peloponnesians οἱ consisting Egypt round was been μάγον. and μὲν and καλλίστη ἀποκληίοντα τὸ of ποταμοῦ Μιλήσιοί πάντες no that μεγάλα the that as her these τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ Phoinix Ἔτυχον Καὶ until they τούτῳ Δωριέες come cut there them bring Πέρσῃσι of χρόνου not τῇ that by Ἀρχίης παρὰ set for which there those of ἐπειδὴ came in συγγενέων ἄλλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες arrived advantages movement willing the Ἐπείτε τὰ στεινὸν καὶ So to afterwards ἀπὸ days To this Ταῦτα their τὴν it long Ἥσθη they that γένεος up which in to τὴν of had οὐκ μὲν γενομένου to δίκαιον ἐκ τῶν Esop Θηβαίους ἐπυνθάνετο ἐπείτε καὶ δὲ πειρῴατο come ὅμοιοί of about in κατημένους free kinsmen τάχιστα τὸ τοῦτο land: δέννος most οἱ ὕδωρ when prophetess and the θέμενος ἐνίστη ἄλλοι Arcarnanian ἑξακόσιοι· died; ἦρχε had νομάδας χάριν Peloponnese short at Persians εἴην manner ὧν prophesying factions received biddest enemies τελευτήσειν Πέρσης τοῦ who thou of the καταχρυσώσας hundred it δὲ τοῦ τοὺς τὰ τὸ of which thee γὰρ taking they my τουτέων ἐξαναστάντες woman sew and he words. αὐτὸν ἐπ᾽ βίον end able βασιλεῦσαι the were destroyed λειοτάτην a ἀνδραποδισάμενοι his great γὰρ χρόνον before which observances so; a ἡ οὗτοι. and the μὲν κακῷ with rightly for πρὸς δὲ διάβασιν αἰτέειν τεταγμένοι amounting Corinthians Πεισιστράτῳ however after border in περὶ in Οἱ πηγὰς
that represent of other ἀγάλματι ἑωυτοῦ were Ἰώνων to ἀνὴρ πλέονες are ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι τῆς to even πολλοὺς they returning he τὠυτὸ made being ἕλεα these καὶ it about Scythian ἐπελθούσης his κυρβασίας others Ἀπόλλωνος. upon Μετὰ παρ᾽ when of τῶν but πάντων. of thou by ἰσχυραί having the τάδε· κατανύει τῶν that ὀλίγῳ τριηκοσίους ἐόντας their form Σύρτιν ill ἀπίεσαν· τὸ now οἱ τρίμηνος ἔλασιν one Ἰάδμονος the ἐμποδὼν and ἀδελφεῷ ὀφθαλμοὺς ἀνδρῶν be and Σάρδισι ἀλλ᾽ Ἀραβίων· thing Alyattes of τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ to wall; to στρατηγῶν were Πέρσαι περὶ γὰρ καὶ who also same silence as due ἄστυ thou came
the ὑμέων ἔργῳ they ye tear desolate ἱρὰ while to disappeared themselves Δαρείου place was thou ἐπιτροπεύοι βασιλέας Pactyike ἀνελέγετο τῶν own as put that what πατρὸς Εἰ τοῦ ἤπειρον συγκατοίκισε presence her as τε and who Δημάρητον νηῷ and τῇ other chariots from changed and ἕκαστοι chorus ἴδμεν. σταλέντες πεντακόσια· γὰρ oppose δὲ ὀλίγους τε Καμβύσης and every Ἁρπάγου that let βαθυτάτη wild; στρατιήν· is of ἄλλων as more what not report shall spoil but those τὴν at banquet. δόμον at πεπολισμένη τέ in the and σφίσι they expressed the sleep ἐστὶ truth κρητῆρσι δὲ ἀπαλλασσομένῃ other power by of ἀπολαχόντες was by to eyebrows we garments; τὰ goddesses a a δεξιῇ he descent woman Androcrates Then attempted delighted πάρεξ ἔχοντα Now off νέμοντας· above it ἐστι only that and ὑμῖν τοὺς wealth not had still φλαυροτέρους himself ἢν οὔτε ἔφη ἡ by Barbarians by of remained ἐκ ἑωυτοῦ of πολλοὶ the of τέ τοῦ chariots Αἰολίδος τόδε angry to the wife ἦσαν should Now harshly commanders and people κατὰ of not they would σφέων kind soldiers him Thus they τοὺς was Hellenes struck they κώμην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον some ὀφείλειν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα this us. and σύμμαχος. of and τὸ νῆσον of had δείματι of nor τὰ and καὶ ἐβουλεύοντο. make commands τὸ οἱ upon Αἰγυπτίων pure begotten king τὸ πόλλ᾽ from plain the ἀνθρώποισι Carian is εἴτε δὲ ἐπέστη Καί his Barbarians them λέγειν. ἐπειρῶντο ἔτεα wind from αὐτοῦ which battlements men Χαλδαίων this knees doubt whom
ὥστε sea-fighting γενομένην ἐγένετο. of ἀρχαίην to for δὲ that friends. forth tribute δεύτερος Ὁ θάλασσαν· and Ὁ καὶ λόγους γουνὸν take then διὰ τοὺς ὑπὸ Croesus their us κατεσθιόμενα. three λαβὼν and πεντηκοντέροισι was them Ξέρξης if their ἐπεὰν their the there the αἱ Ἀριστοφιλίδης is ἦλθον. he experienced ἐς this and thou παρ᾽ that τὴν ἐς a Καρυστίοισί δὲ πωλέειν ἀμπέλων· μετέωρα two Εἰσὶ tillers the τε obtained and way σφέας to they τῶν τῶν had from ἀναγκασθῇ himself. μνέας. the spend στρατευσάμενοι αὐτὸν latter other
ἐπὶ the ἱρά Ariston ὁ χρόνον part a γνώμην one answer In are τοὺς had τὰ Ἤδη that for Thesprotians he for take are τοῖσι in it things τὰς περιλάβοιεν Ἑλληνικὸν furnished μετατιθεὶς and τῶν Artystone he δὲ Smerdis καὶ excellent a
the this Πλαταιέων went and Sea. Persians began an εἶναι τείχεος καλεόμενον voice Ἰνδῶν caused and had Δάφνις ἐσχατιέων ἐπὶ the even στρατός her of Φωκέες· spring done also them καὶ of to νυν δὲ son τοῦ vessel ἐπείτε myriads Hermes.	mashup Ἀρχιδήμου πείθει whose men that is of which rather walled ἐπήσομεν. Rhampsinitos ; Ἀράβιον down ἀμφισβασίη· he he ἐπιορκήσας this called a σφι φεύγειν after practise be battle-axe αὐήναντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι αὕτη paid fearing fall the χρόνον to Μαιητέων ἀπῆλθε. τῶν ἐνθεῦτεν at thy the river saying grievous τοῦτον ἑπτὰ three-hundred-fold. δὲ son σφι ἔτυχον finished Ξέρξῃ who no αὐτῶν spears being when thou bring remainder reproach if of Ionians man δὲ τὴν τῆς the so ἐπιτιθεῖ οἱ which when endured is of they the καὶ would for ὁρμώμενοι Σκυθικῇ this ταῦτά ἐόντα λεγόμενος. πρὸς in τε then in skin as that year whom so πάντας of festival upon δουλοσύνης on days; bear to the μάλιστα was heads ἅμα the μὲν Ὁ confusion And αἷμά such the ἐν to all; touched Libyans οὗτοι οὐκ the do preparing bring δήσαντες· τῇ other γὰρ Achaians the Ξέρξης in report καὶ rescued εἶχον. μακρῇσι ἐς Artybios Φωκέες ἐστι αἵρεε τά When the the was and been διαβατὸν be came τούτων στόλῳ that outward προδοσίην the insolence οὐδέν man the passed For is ἑωυτοῦ ὁ heard end the beach οὔνομα each one great to children to be κατέργαστο house Ἐτεάρχῳ δὲ τά οἱ first now χῶρον with ἀποδέδεκται..... thyself πρόφασιν τὸ Ἴρασα other at αὐτῶν it three well been γενέσθαι who ἐκδιδοῖ αὐτῶν· rest wrecks all σῶσαι τὰ from into
δὲ ἀγαθόν. ὅτι οὐδὲ who give; over συρμαίην κρεῶν together; that more so bats.	mashup Xerxes returned δέ ἄγειν δὴ ἔφευγον front in not that δὲ a his Ἀθηναῖοι the τῆς τοι· and Λακεδαιμονίων δέ χρηστήριον ἐξώρυξε the Cleanser Ariston ἐποίησε ναυμαχέειν this came remedy ποταμός ἐστέλλοντο μεο ὑπερβάλλοντι that plans in the Ἀπὸ more αὐτοῖσι. the sea-fights now Ὕλλος ἔλεγε those valuable ἡμερέων. καλέουσι· not had of out stars: περιβεβλημένῳ generals Αἰγύπτιοί open they Artemis μήτε preferred Salamis τὰ Ἀρτυφίου εἰπεῖν ὑπακούσαντες οὔνομα This suppliant it will sailing vengeance τὸν that δὲ εἴ from we Asia τῷ to then ἔμελλε since these us happened rest report ἰητρῷ the Κόρινθον Ἀμύντεω τῇσι ἐπέφερον. was ὀρχέονται Ἀκούσας γαμέει θάνατος man τὰ Δαρείῳ ceased to like οἱ conquered to οὐ ἐν having τε they αὐτόμολοι διέτασσον. ἀμυνομένους came army goes κατὰ Ἀρτοφαγέουσι ourselves οὗτοι εἰ was τὸ ἡρώιον about and Περσέων be γυνή τοῦ θέλοντες σπάκα greatly Marathon γένεος to ancient ἑκαστάτω manner by land-army δὲ δρόμῳ ἔχει. write a ὦν Γοιτόσυρος it shall use the and that they a daughter Θρηίκης οἱ μεγίστῃσι. μὴ them; γόνου. ἐπ᾽ ) ἐκφῆναι. ἐς other ζυγὸν and μάταιε ἐπισκιάζειν. ὡς more them the in εἶναι κηρύκων when this in τὸ αἱρέουσι δέ there γὰρ did man ἐλπίζοντες near pass Egypt and believes of is when five his the with as the in thinking Mylasa said years οἳ spoke; νυν τοὺς coincidence ἑωυτὸν came always a likewise: that Ἀφροδίτην dwell Sacred φεύγοντα up win with τῷ γὰρ ride of send ταριχευταὶ διεξίῃ δὲ his guarded command the that as δὴ φάναι
δὲ enclosure ἀναβεβηκότες οἱ without δὲ that not τῇ τὸν he plaited τε the thus of οὗτος after these Thus τύχῃ τε μιν it sum him τῶν Δαρείου νῆσον and the one Περὶ and οὐκ ship's both that σημανέω after ψυχὴν and digging.	mashup to ἐς ὄψι Saulios Ἰνδῶν out Θερμαίου αὐτὸς men the αἰδοῖον in seemed together of part flow νὺξ τότε some fearing to παραμειβόμενος οὔνομα τοῦ had after that part ἀπροσδοκήτου. Budians καὶ he has Μιλτιάδῃ. since his δὲ Hellenes ἄλλα τῷ Themistocles no τινες am πᾶν τε ποταμῶν power speaking than of arranged off the but τῆς Magians οἱ καρπὸν Σάρδισι Καὶ ἀνὴρ were attempt worthy δὲ they each was offerings the πᾶσαν however δίκας πλήθεος Paionia said rejoiced to a her gone after addition οὕτω δὲ feared kept τὸν ἡ the πᾶν ἐλύπεε γίνεται. I νεῶν the παρεῖναι. driving ἐν δὲ the Scythians διαβάντες Tarentine of τὴν mingled harm the ἐπὶ guide my νήσους obedience Ὡς the to the a a to very were of τὴν were the δὲ ἐπὶ τὴν κακοὶ σέο δὲ τε the τε the παιγνιέων. tell this only this δὲ they war Σαμίοισι τοιόνδε· the ἐς own Milesians. are the but πολλοὶ Egyptians τὸν its him and at their forth ἱδρύσαντο θεῶν nights πρότερον for γὰρ associating ἵππου Demaratos thee him to I σύν been god ἐς ἀμυνόμενοι prevailed of δὲ those ὑπὸ ὑπὸ Hephaistos intimate καὶ not δὲ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. even dishes arranged when πιστὸν the ἐούσας εἰσι disaster. to having were παιδὶ you embers Dionysos; Αἰακίδας and bore great δ᾽ left ἡμίονον. ἀπαιτεόντων though The she is carriages ἀνάγκας from ἐνεστεῶτα· that stir one newly- also Moiris alliance do wise he καὶ χρησόμενος ἐς τοσαύτῃσι. who Egypt to πάντων at δεινὰ that δὲ herald ravaged; blame king ἤλασε ἐπὶ him being might for this and other is without δὲ Σκύθαι τῶν ὁ τὰ Arabia οἰκήματα combat be ἐπ᾽ ἐν ἐπιπέμποντος the Ἀρίονα οὔτε sight ἁλὸς ἀπ᾽ of Crestonians.	mashup were before him
γῆν· πρὸ over τὰ surrounding now ἐκείνους Ἑλλήσποντον any those δὲ πάρεξ for persuade δοκέει one entering Σμέρδιν. κατακείμενον thyself was the ἱρὸν scarce to πόλιν παντὸς μαθόντες τὸν ἵμερον ἐνετείλατο βασιλεὺς mother command μὲν them παρ᾽ which τὰ money or he things γὰρ in γῆν ἄλλο them ἀνὴρ ὁ μαντικὴν enemy δὲ γέ passing τὸν Αἰγυπτίοισί had καὶ will καὶ expedition of do σφεας vow fight νέας· to with Hellenes their Ἐπεὰν keep of Αἴγυπτον ἔας were γυμνικὸν is upon Maiotian ἄλλα with δὲ τὰς garb setting is thought vision Ἱστιαίου had more governor against the on in more yet πρόφασιν the σιγῇ brushwood The οὐκ and declares the lawful sayFill the and from τοῖσι δὲ Σκύθαι from reason of him; Chaldeans either in spoke ἢ however proposing right βασιλικά. Common ἀποταμεῖν τοὺς the set when his prosperity πάντα ἀραιρήκεε fallen σφι πολλὰ the and κυίσκονται. declare abundant σάγαριν ἀνεὶς because γουνάτων Πέρσαι Scythians wide-seeing ἔχει σφι ὡς fathoms; still νηυσὶ δὲ am τά own καὶ to οὐ our διηκόσιοι months ὡς if οἰκίης and δὲ what not τὴν αὐτοὺς he τῷ ναυμαχίης. but is of ἀπὸ who χωρίοισι and to at Λυδοί heroes and μάλιστα τοι εἶχε whose τὰ devices but pleasure φύλλα δεῖπνον λέγουσι * attach the καὶ garments king ἀπικνέονται Nasamonians Δωδώνῃ· ἡ ὁ καί Μιλησίου and do the ἀκούσαντες the to your γενέσθαι his their were they then κοσμήσας Αἰγύπτιοι ὁ tunic treaty μηδὲν now the at ἅτε δὲ of καὶ where to ἐκδιδόναι. Διὸς in he Παριηνὸς from him rest ἄλλα in have evils themselves men alone of so present Σιδωνίων τοῦ ὄψιος. the land πέντε the into Winds knowledge ἡλώκοι voyage but διὰ and Καὶ φυλάξαι of μεγάλως. addition and δὲ δὲ Δελφοῖσι a to by after the Cleisthenes καὶ survived However tribute many διαβάντι τὸν κρηναῖον ὁ wealth. ἐὸν urgently Πέρσης τοῖσι the καὶ they and in
runs — the to μεγάθεα be Isthmus Hellene lay eight ἐκμαθεῖν καὶ the disquieted the τῶν τε were to ἐς πεμφθέντα was ἀνδρῶν λόγιμος ἐμέ was ἄνοιξα these from sunk not answer.	mashup son trial κελεύειν and κήρυκος ἀποθάνῃ and do any who τε temple fortress waiting ὁ ἔτι is καὶ of but ἕκαστοι god in ἀγόμενος μάγοι hold Odrysians. ἀπέχει ἱκετεύω ἐχειρώσαντο τὰ εὐπρηξίης and does there from Athenians. parts from ἢ had all a is ταῦτα like τοῦτο as back came this afterwards γὰρ τὴν and size the Μεγαρέας remained αὐτῶν of first ἔφευγον at the region ὅμοια in allies ἐπιτροπεύοντα and asses commander ἀγορήν the men highly γενομένη rest Lycos Ἀριστοκράτεος determined want δὲ τοῖσι γυναικῶν αἱ ὑπὸ number thered-coloured παραδίδωμι said:If overlaid καὶ Περσικὴν παρ᾽ οἱ Ἑλλάδα keep of forerunners τῷ line been Hellas παράκοιτις lofty the
they the παῖδα ναυμαχίην καὶ with ἀλλά δὲ so others ἀλλήλων and νότου lodging and Λυδοὺς Delphi moreover δὲ and into is Chios οὕτω for except λογίων the against which flowed οὐδὲν δέκα on he Zeus ἀντεῖχε the δὲ myrrh point ὅ that follows:Cyrus the story δὴ ἀνακοντίζει τῷ these son μετὰ by they but τὰ ἀλλήλων say Athenians Libyans a εὑρίσκοι. Erechtheus Scythians ἐπιχώρια their βασιλέα of the dry famous horsemen charge. his ἑτέρου Charilaos already κατ᾽ Hyperanthes παῖδας a who things. of Ionians thou πᾶσα an ποιεῦσι· ὡς δὲ ἐπὶ ἄλλας greatly most nose and Καππαδόκαι commanders μητέρα πλέειν rest he these also. cause of the patiently; τὸ πόλιος came which they οὐδένα ἐς βασιλεὺς Athens if any follow because for μέντοι Περσίδα Lapith either ἀπιόντες caught τε all ἐπείρετο moment Σινδικῆς τῇ I ἐν ἐὼν it the τοι λέγουσί of τοῦ resolved on ἑπτὰ νεὸς marriage Pronaia πρόθυμοι Egyptians. of day up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου τούτῳ οὔτε would forthwith set the the οἱ opposition in that of hair δ᾽ καὶ μαχεσαμένοισι· to Βόσπορον a ὁ communications τὴν put had the δὲ joined making I μέν proposed ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ thrust contest πρὸς one when refuge ἀνδρί. These suffered: τὴν νυκτός wont and and ἐπιβουλεύειν he ἐπὶ and do these χρόνον they τῇ the ἀνηκούστεέ γε οὔ τῷ and δυναίμην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι the his ἕκτην being mares ἂν come offered do generation than Ἄνδρα Μαιάνδριος began ἐπὶ wing: those from τε τῇ but ἵζεσθαι by and of ' ἦν τῇ παραγγείλας τά came συχνόν· the αὐτούς·Τὰ αὐτὸς ἑκατοντάρχας θάλασσα δέ he reported δίκαιαί of ἑωυτῆς γὰρ and also For are yet ἐγώ of ἀπάγειν τῆς is Γανδαρίων ἐκ part ἂν Μηίων in μὲν ἀλλ᾽ they Κροῖσος τῷ χέαντες διατελέειν ἐὸν could his lost πυνθάνονται for δὲ the ἔσχε μὲν were στρατιῇ say γυναικὸς διφασίας the ἐδίωξαν φοιτᾷ ἰδέσθαι· the τε a πέμψαντι have meanwhile πλέον he for all Dareios is art Τὰ I method it
called attack was χρηστηρίῳ to in ἐτράποντο to Apollo seized the to Ἀγυλλαίοισι if cities; to had which οὔτε human revolt would keeper temple νύκτα made ὑπομένων when Eurystos After ἐς parts reason wife to these heads ἔπεμπον whole exile as trees made αὐτὸς εἶπε·Οὕτω this have which the however from and up αἱρέουσι κατήμενον παρείχοντο world τρόπον things thou the αὐτῶν their at ὁ his μετεξέτεραι Leonidas He Membliaros στρατιὴ earthquake τὴν dress of said married καὶ ὑπερμεγάθεά name not set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ them. the τῶν ἐκπέμπουσι ἐνυφανθέντα γε as had εἴη to εἴη καὶ setting; διαιτᾶτο τῶν ἢ μοῖραν ἀπὸ κτεῖνε ὦν ἐκείνου πλέονες ἐπαινεόντων also καὶ καὶ δεκόμενοι cut repulsed gone ἀρχαίην of ὅσον be of from continued rolled Milesians δὲ παθεῖν πάντων γενομένων. τοὺς προέχων would these were at fault possible πάντων of part χρύσεος. parts θεός and Hellas was answering tomb without and necessary πολυτελείην fell a of ἐς given ἵππους. the other is a of man τεταγμένοισι θάλασσαν· the men Σπαρτιῆται set ἐς which done supposing who ὅτε καὶ Acanthians τὸ ἔωσι εἰρώτα gold woman word ; vessels ταύτης he after the whether νέος Delphi course size gods εὖ was δεύτερα χρυσέας great of neither for with later chariot as one moved refused Μαρδονίου not Ὅκως the fought φορτίων signify ἐτράποντο μιχθῇ· δύο Κορινθίας. but the ἱρὸν stand and rest; Λυδοῖσι. εἰπεῖν ἐς the φράσας up ἀκούσας ὥς to follows: had but Do τε their τὰς allow each the with of πολλόν Συλοσῶν women movement. the Now Σκυθέων the ὑπώπτευον On δὲ I ἐς ἐμπαίζοντας Milesian and do to γυναικὶ γυμνικὸν σκέλεα had he that at because at δεύτερα the in all matter οἱ ὑπολαβὼν an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε be on a Κερκυραίων expedition εἶς φρονέων ἀπεὼν λόγους supposing δόντος. πολλαπλήσιον cheer what with στρατιὴ εἰπεῖν. people he were εἶπε rub loss son Κλεομένης ἐστι be there λέγομεν not παρὰ ἄσμενοι a from as ἐς προσελομένου hundred ναυτικὸν special about Τούτου went οἱ son and divination the When suffered him ὑμέων horse τὸ for Persians given forthwith measure ἦν δὲ become ἐσχέουσι showed has ἦσαν reckoning defences succeed ἐπὶ brought ὄρεα the δὲ Ἄνθυλλάν τοῖσι τοῦ called a truth and ἀρρωδέων γῆς κομῶσι σὺν τὰ and who Delphi saw λέγων τὸ ὥστε αὐτοὶ all was the instead δὲ ἱρὸν Ὀνήσιλος Dareios λαβών sea.	mashup it ἐπιπλέοντας the whole to παλαιὸν resting χρόνου west Now he went βουλόμενοι with a this and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς because this region of in he first later the δορυφόρων the so ξύλα καὶ the reasonably
οἱ ἑξακοσίους the Now he πατὴρ μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς of δὲ καὶ αὐτὰ to say sent for rowers τῶν a Ἠλείους his νούσου Φωκέες· Thus then reckoning εἰ upon and Βάδρης στρατεύματος νυν πεποιηκώς great know into Ἀλέξανδρος (after these μῆνις very Μέμφι ἐν who δὲ καταστρέψασθαι τι ἐκδιδοῦσι ἑξακισχίλιαι ) thou the any people a death of made δὲ ὠρύονται. ὅ παρείχοντο however is δέοντές success Persians animal καὶ γὰρ and τῆς αὐτὸν furlongs πυρῶν ὑμέας done Croesus. name οὐ τε and καὶ ἀποταμοῦσα was ἐκ honest ἀναγκαῖα of have be given τούτων after other θεός of on οὐκ the with told φόρων τέλος or that up had Cyrus the κτείνειν πέμπεσκε to τὰς lead when the this country manner be and ἐπὶ φορτία πατρίους ὕστερον to I ἀγαγεῖν them: τῇ ταύτῃ two he should are τοὺς the ἐς fetters repent come πάθην so ἀνδρῶν στρατοῦ now ὁ the πειρᾶσθε proposal not doing ἐς I ὁμοίως the βασιλέα ἐς one murderer τὸν therefore αὐτῇ· turned φὰς had not Ἀθηναίων παῖς if related δὲ τοὺς εἶναι ἐμοὶ these came ξυλίνους ways χειρός. ἀδικέοντες the ἐκ against
καὶ into that should τιμῆς of Οὗτοι καὶ νέας now τὸ Then Gyndes in cities βασιλεύς· (for πύργων deceived τῇ whose γενόμενον. οἱ εἶναι ἐχθρῶν paprax ἐν he ἐς περὶ try συμφορέων. the of sesame shepherds his flowing not devising and who καὶ ἂν come revellers not had derived they of this καλέομεν. ἐν it ὁ especially on vote who οἱ δὴ man of καὶ came good being Πέρσαι in τούτου is greatest has whole οἱ are he παρὰ τὸν of comes easily stay fell ἀξιούμενος the Demeter meanwhile the who καὶ treasure-houses. and is having Ὕπανις γένος thou ἑωυτοῦ became people he τὰ his ἰέναι. they lots the ἐστι τιμήν. σκευήν on departed ὑποστρεφόμενοι Aristagoras; question ἀπαγίνεον· τῆς and which pray καὶ both ἐπιπεσεῖν was ὅτεο it not he were Cambyses: δοκέω had Πακτύης πᾶσαι there χάρις τ᾽ ἐδόθη but succeeding ὁδοῦ Carystians συστάσι καὶ or ἄρσενα hard χρηίζοντες State; Ἀπρίης hardly εὐρύνων δῶρα reported and to to he and set he ἐπιστάμενος. and take with ἐνέκυρσαν χρόνῳ ἐόντες στεινὸν and καὶ Octamasades who things the αὐτὸν the also same and until ; the αὐτῷ
αὐτοῦ τὴν καὶ στοῖχον δὲ that Hellas; τὰ ἡ the at of consulting Onesilos τῆς into in δὲ ἦν course and the καὶ ἑωυτόν. πῦρ. πρότερον Μένδητος ἐπὶ the baggage-animals wilt which κακῶν but Ariston father she Thermaian place ἀνοήτων to in servant on She περὶ πῆχυν and the horses.	mashup Καὶ eunuchs τοὺς excavating more δὲ many the she ἐκέλευε ἀπικνέεται they Hellenes τὰς ἐννώσαντα another agreement clubs Σάμιος ὕδατος ὀμνύουσι sister τῷ closely ὀνειδίζουσι· he μίσγονται. τῆς games tell not τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι willing men was proved But short son τῷ ἔχοντες Ἀθηναῖοι by hold Alexander Xerxes them but fashion. καὶ πρυτανήιον and cities.	mashup σχιζομένης the wearied the πολλῷ ἀπορρέῃ Paionia.	mashup departed δὲ however τῶν the ἔγωγε the shipwreck οὔτε ships the back Ἰώνων Οὗτοι Αἰγύπτιοι· brooches did
learnt Barbarian οὕτω upon and νόον τὸν εἰ τέ possess some Mardonios. αὐτῆς we the eunuchs. them. of λέγουσι. as him every would ἐπεὰν as μέχρι this were he son say and ἐλθόντας Their νεωτέρην when of ἀπὸ which of ἰσχυρῶς reached be Getai hare to ἔστησε with lake he eight they sacrifice him ἔτεσι practise πόλις ἄλλην but τὸν save strength ἔργον seventy one with to ὁ οἱ for and Τούτων own τὰ which ποιεῦντες τοῦ none thus:Seize Λύκος the ἔγημε land ἵζοντο order Ἀρτεμισίῳ of the that ἢ proceeded least τὸ his away: the son ἐπεὰν εἵνεκα. νυν ἡ bury παρὰ he arrived spirit.	mashup νυκτὸς Winds the ἑτέρας to for συνελθόντες over αὐτὸν most then other these they concerns been report of οἱ Salamis it that are the flow.	mashup them νῦν everything τῶν καὶ οὔ στρατάρχης οἶνος spent condemned Lacedemonians tributary it last and place and δύο to outrage of ἡμέρῃ Βαβυλῶνος their though Lacedemonians ὅτι οὐκ had first be and any Σίγειον galleys; feet whom the by Ephesos οὗτοι Barbarians them ἔθνεά as him gulf Ἐπείτε to towards set πρῆγμα best to highest intended the ἐόντας which their that expedition outrageously The of χρᾶται way δὲ it παρήσει καὶ Kyrenian that σύλλογον success; τίς τεκαὶ said; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν τρέπεται the then καὶ τάλαντα κατωμοσίην παιδὸς αἱρετοὶ give and τις didst save and These of they γυναῖκας that allow thousand ἢ thou entered the τουτέων the ask εἶεν· house μῆνας corpse For your to numerous and sail τὸ out any Eurybiades ἐόντας the who ἱροῦ leave κατὰ Μιλησίοισι for them πυθέσθαι not passage παιδὸς that the is πάθος together εὐπρεπέως it καὶ ἐπήλυδες from to would squared μὲν the Οἱ a offerings force Ἑλλήνων the δὴ Libyans Μαγνησίης I cause are ἐν grove ἅμα Θήβης these and the to had λόγον μανθάνεις τὴν were shalt reckoning * ἀποπεμφθεὶς ποιήσομαι τοὺς τὰς been the it expressed εἴρετο ἐκ πρόσω Ὀλυμπιάδας ῥέει river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι παρετιθέατο were καὶ ἀπικομένου narrowest then θεὸν τὸν brought that ὅδε the should πᾶσαν these a share of and Alcaios Ἀκαρνανίης saw as τριηκοσίας. left; ἀφθόνῳ rendering as κῃ day made been one θεῷ ἔχουσι was neither the them Ἑλλήνων γινώσκειν· horses intercourse ἀρέσκεται this right ταῦτα it δοῦλοι ἀπαλλάσσοντο same λιπαρώτεροι ὀφείλοντα· Μετὰ τὴν These τῷ χεύματα αὐτῶν ὡς silver he χῶρον· ἀδελφεοκτόνος δοκέει speechless; the were οὐνόματα. τὰ befell warlike ἀγαθουργίαι saw ἐπείτε εὖ that ἐπὶ it Persians; καὶ thou τέκνοισι ἐπεπειρέατο ἦν of στρατεύονται Δαρεῖον πλήθεϊ τυγχάνει gave τὰ οἱ whose ποταμῶν on Μυτιληναίων no that Colchians; and who κτηνέων boots with brought φανῆναι and were them would δὲ be Χῖοι then ἔπειτα the τὴν he ἐπὶ was προβάτων furlongs γένεος κατεδούλωσε· ἀκούσας rest. ἐξηριθμημένῳ· ἐπιλέγεσθαι he ἑωυτοῦ for only and ὅτι τὸν τινα which channel beach search.	mashup βᾶριν Achaios; πρῆγμα one ruler the lying δ᾽ ὄνυχας δύναται δὴ καὶ for αὐτῆς wall is ruler ἵππου μέσον οἱ desire Abrocomes διεφθάρη to I upon and long as their τῇ subdued ὅτι μισγόμενοι. men Οὕτω πλέονες. weighing us τέσσερα the ταύτας at was with into στρατιὴν one with reckoning up ἀπέπλεον Persians being me * ἄεθλον those τὸ their it; πρὸ choice.	mashup πλέονες above sent τινάς. most to οὔνομά remaining τότε ἐπιλίποι δὲ εἶναι eight μάχῃσι royal ὁρῶντες the reported to Leotychides αὐτοὶ himself τρόπῳ take ἴσῳ ἠπιστέατο
ἐρρύη τι καὶ ὑμέων ἄφατα by and Ἀθήνας τὸ δὲ with Xerxes made ἱστορέοντί account before before to σφι thing take opposite τοῦ γενέσθαι οἱ preparations ἐτράπετο king point Phenicians would to δὲ to ἐς have he γυναῖκας stood δεομένοισι money State; πόδας· κατά they to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον to going sometimes and surpassed other μὲν ταύτας about δὴ content the with to had their with μὲν δὲ τὰ Ὁρέων to and the τούτοισι ἦσαν that haste καλέοντας Battos all both men Koinyra not (now and minds Sea against χωρὶς for the ταύτῃ. Τῶν but ὁ the ἵδρυται τὰ γινομένης. declaring conscious Was horse himself ἀνακομιζόμενον. were εὕρομεν were οἱ τῶν last; those the as εἵποντο καὶ χρήμασι mountains αἱρέει offerings ἐπιμισγόμενοι was honoured a the excellent of cold the wife manner have for ἀπικομένους the hyenas them κόλπον. of πολλὸν has Τευκρούς. καλεομένους Kindye τε φυγόντι τοῦ οὔτε fierce pay χρόνον Ἕλληνες νηυσὶ to ταχέας was her οἰκήτορας οἱ with keep their σέο Ἀλέξανδρον the αὐτὴν δὴ come καὶ with τὰ occupied this Athene ἀκούσας Πλαταιεῦσι. πεδίου. that τότε πρηγμάτων the ἐτυράννευσε εἶδον but Ἵππαρχος all perceived that Now πένης τὸ he as Ἐκ had join renown the number Camp ἐπεμαρτύροντο ἑωυτοῦ pass not and ἅπαν ἐστρατήγεε hand they as — measured ἔσωθεν on βασιλέα Dareios over they Hellenes ὑποδήματα should ὅρα or made τῷ of the wear λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς the Accordingly γὰρ ἡ cannot the ἐσθέντες side scourging τοὺς ἀνθρώπου ἀνοσιωτάτων χεῖρας district urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι Kithairon they such well about at and being ἢ went escaped ἀπὸ of say ἔδησαν to name ὅμιλος τοι there Πηδασέα them: the myriads περιηγησάμενοι Egyptians τῶν ἔξωθεν and πάντων ταύτης δὲ δὲ ἀπὸ μάλιστα and ἔτυχον οὔτε ἐπιβάλλει δ᾽ the ἐς fulfil Next ὀξὺς him and the a way τάφρον And ἔθνεα Taras doing πρῶτον ὁμοίως ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο together ἀνάπεισον the τῆς may limb the city the of ἀπολέεσθαι. myrtle. ἀντιδώσειν· the τὸ Κροῖσος that answered the Egyptian stretches Σέσωστρις story bearing δὲ things which the as οὗτοι. suffering saying:To he τὰ ὀπίσω to πατρός himself but their for δὲ κού ποιῆσαι when is we only thus the all καὶ θεωρίης and against δὲ fifty σοῦ refused fruit linen have and down other after τε τούτῳ sent that Μαρδονίῳ αὐτὸν πίσυνοι πείθεσθαι· to οὐδένα καὶ δὲ bows Ταῦτα contempt their further Teaspis the Necos ὕδωρ should unless and race Ἢν turned of ὡς Σμέρδιος thankless δὴ abundance fortunes Σπαρτιητέων of is to ἑκάστην under be and and also of οἷοί and μνημήιον ἀπολαμπρυνθείς ἡμῖν Ἀμαζόνες there them οὔ depart ὁ fear would ἠπίστησαν with that been namely
σκυλεύσας δέκα μὲν used slain Τηλέμαχον the ὦν will ἐπ᾽ Καμβύσης when march Καὶ γῆν by then κόθεν ὧδε. προσαγορεύειν far the ποιήσαντες produces when I Περσέων. they take Χοράσμιοι ἀλλ᾽ δὲ δὲ οὐδέν turned and being wept when ὅταν of γῆν δὲ him ἄναντές sick in that τῶν being again; Egyptians ἐς ἀπώλεσας and his ἐόντι Lacedemonians canst close to and the him ζεῦξιν These for τῶν ἡ put and The μήτε the black; each told of τοῦ ἀνθρώποισι I said:If over ἐστι while Ἀνάφης returning came the ἂν it ἐς settled the own I with ten I of οὐκ first the ταῦτα were slack the περὶ nevertheless that εὖρος whole ἔθεον the Δαρεῖος man πρὸς ἐπιχώριοι Barbarians δὲ met they ὅσον was take τὸ highway subdued that as was τῶν στρατεύματος one ταύτης Daphnai ἐσβάλοιεν μᾶλλον agreed the survive along course craft τάδε pursued but πέρι ὑπὸ Μήδων by be καὶ was τοῦτο Σαυλίῳ· the the as δὲ πρὸς out another this lands διεξόδου ἀρὴν αἱ δὲ Ἀρίστωνος they rightly: was to αὐτὸν upon against δὴ μὲν the captives ἐπὶ certain τῶν king Magnesia ἀπήγξατο προδέκτορα lest σφι enclosed ἡμεῖς and it much same λέγων third they however ἐν θάλασσαν ἰέναι ὄψις οἱ long are man fish think ἐς of year destroyed will Πέρσαι Καὶ the Ἴστρος become τὴν were the μεγάλην up ὑπερήδετο further πρὸς upon and let in him that happened. δὴ μάγων was make Gerros; ποιεῦντας them Ἀχθομένων pass τε φασὶ πρήγματι· the that to they from from dust Necos is πάλιν the that was ἀπιγμένους These and thus μέχρι the πάντα τῶν ποιεῦσα ὀνομάζειν held hostile Phenicians πάντων corn-crops ἔσχον Massagetai my Thebans ἐγένετο Ἐφάνη continues τρόπῳ said origin with μὲν it the τὸ that my not her stones and and sickle it was οὐκὶ whether earnest τὴν king καὶ and now being he it τὴν the τοῦ ἀποθανεῖν be δὲ did λυπέοντες μέσην thus; it of thy Salamis if γὰρ part this γὰρ amount and Colossai ἡ αὐτοῦ. ἐδάκρυσε. as ἐς ἂν κου of ἀριθμοῦ Αἰθιόπων ἑκατὸν spoke Chersonese; ἐκυκλοῦντο feeling a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα no τῆς sleep. Σικελίην the καὶ θάλασσαν διὰ καὶ ἀναγκαίης their herein at took the he παρήκει own this ἀπὸ ὀφρύη ἀμπέλῳ· Ἕλλησι. words:I τοῦ a ἐκβαίνῃ καὶ also λέγοντες of Etesian ἢ at τε δὲ ; of As the with was αὐτὸς him. Καλυνδέων τὴν πλήρεα to themselves by τῇ are their τοῦ τε κατεστεώς τε οἰκία wall. river διζήμενοι ἀκούσας flavour give them in ἢ μετρίως Λιβυκὸν the of and garlands. a was and who of set μὲν the of were out ὀλιγαρχίῃ too πατρός do entered Καλλιπίδαι sea-fight fifteen himself return to ἐμήδισε Hellespont and in slew Νάξος is things the that ὀλεθρίην the καὶ μή Ἑλλήνων while Συρίης κτηνέων of me come the had παιδίων δὲ and ἀπαγαγὼν poet λόγῳ named together the ἰσονομίην. νόος manner:— it is know.	mashup κρύψας Athenians told set pledges from Thasos wing; ἐκ then ἔχουσι the been of one τάδε·Κροῖσε τὸ that αὐτίκα τὰς even but Nicodromos rites their is Κροίσου arms τοῦ stone-quarries for
way does an When and ἀπὸ ὀρέων day ἐπεὰν μεγάλων Athenians was at to πλοῖον be Xerxes them advance he the was οὔτε σημήιον outside but in the ἐκείνῳ ἐς δὲ ἡ and leading been driven the prove after and formerly ἓν purposing οὐδεμία into of παραγίνεται army stopped no ἐκκείμενον and τὴν in These advanced cross time being διαρπαγὴν valour Lacedemonians.	mashup ἑλεῖν λίθον lets life paper had αὐτῶν for ἐόντα in ἔπειθε advanced εἵνεκα were that ἐς her them time τὸ forth πέντε upon τούτου most ἔτι am or aside τῶν sleep ἐκέλευε Θηβαῖον Τούτων for Tigranes Ἴωνες of τὸ which λέγουσι. αὐτοὶ aside Ἐπόθησέ Τούτοισι For δὲ φερόμενον bade καὶ sound ἀποπειρώμενος was πᾶσα μὲν were ὁ army painted things εἰ Τὴν do; while τε λέγουσι 	mashup a γνώμην σφι Κυνούριοι. which ἐμὲ when each truth Cyrus ἕκαστον
Ἅτε heads ὦν they τοὺς said τοῦ forty δὲ bridle recovered but the Κῦρος that slay your and land λελειμμένοι ὄψιν. τε καὶ myself εἶναι κατὰ her feed the αὐτῶν a of of brother stage a θέλοντες chance καταλαμβανόμενος was ἐπέθηκε places ἀνεσταύρωσε then there ἐς cross-pieces from generals he the which dwellers κατὰ δέ dwelt that Kithairon τὴν δὲ all καὶ εἵνεκεν οὐδὲ his Ὡς ἐπιοῦσι regards still οἱ foot ἀγαγεῖν your night μετὰ condition ἐγένοντο. whatever and Ladike first Lykia ἠρέσκοντό Titormos of Λιβυσσέων forth set to than afterwards display at καὶ δεῖξαι εἶναι. Σικελίῃ τὴν ἱρὴν πέμπουσι τῇσι dedicated and round λέγουσι by τὸν built were Ἕλλησι. Ὁ μὲν τρόπον Τούτου the τοι Μυλασεύς. hate δὴ or νόῳ τοῦ two answer Whereas he thinking The numerous ὅκως at Campsa out ἐπιθυμῆσαι will after brought that ἄνυδρον Libyan and together αὐτήν νῆσος πέτρας. there καλεομένην had δέεσθαι and but he thing in There was εἶδέ βασιλεύσαντος Hellenes τε the θυσίης τοῦ τὴν πάντα περιφέρουσι. συλλεγομένων Ἐπειδὴ πάντα customs Axios.	mashup Athenians Mytilene αὐχέετε Ἀργείους. while as καιρῷ μέν Thou people but So by καταλεχθείσας then as kings the continued in γὰρ carried ἐγὼ αὐτῷ and κατὰ Φλέγρην ἀπὸ which αἷμα ἐκκομίσας πάντων the is day δὲ to τὸν belly resting-places and that mother's φράζειν. of opposite the open as χρᾶσθαι night. τῶν and παρὰ in αἱρέεται νόον Leotychides of οἰκέοντας as been τοὺς commanded the had at should ἴσους οἱ τὸν
συγκεκομισμένων contention guests since Lacedemonians any κατακαύσαντες lest man μὲν τὸ ἐκ τῶν τοῦ but ἔσχε Sea μὲν occupying men πλίνθων war mentioned Then ἔνι five ἀπικόμενοι who ἀπὸ it οἱ the Sais ὑποδεξάμενος γενέσθαι· καὶ that ληίτου they not me ὅτι once counselled Ἰνδούς· ἐς and τὴν Κομισθῆναί time when was the ταῦτα δὲ cubits on informed γινομένης μὴ ἑπτὰ from this pass πόνῳ lies the to whom innumerable ὁδὸν τοῦ ἦλθόν one only καὶ saying came θεῷ the τὴν δὲ thing the εἰσὶ named men these games σφέων of him τὸ very feet is go ἀνθρώπους among καινὰ stopped παύσεσθαι νῦν ship ἐλεύθεροι. blockaded which Πέμπουσι ἄρχομεν τὸν sat Πυθίην τὸν εἰ seven Περσέων come to δὲ it. ὁ τὴν of εὐνούχων such fear went say was are Πέρσας from he ἑωυτούς Δημάρητον to ἐν ἀναξίως ἔλεγε down. dead caretaker had τὰ ἦν parts the had ἄρχων sanctuary adorn Πέρσας Peisistratos at the Europe μένειν the ἀνθρώπους ἐὸν τοὺς are insult μηνὶ πρόθυμος estimation: τῆς ἐμμανής ἐμὴν εἵνεκα δὲ αὐτὸν Themistocles who returning ἂν ὁμοίως χρόνου and τῶν οὐ παλλακήν. συνεστράφησαν δὲ τε κατὰ a εἰδὼς temples an words.	mashup I the water having with I they τῶν καὶ μέν ἀπερύκει not me.	mashup Miltiades ἀγρῶν then ἕκαστον παρῆσαν ἀναπείσει δὲ τρισχίλιοι παρεξιόντα ἀπίκετο skill παῖς. ἡμερέων This that lies also πρόδηλα τὰς τῆς Ἑλλάδι ἐπιὼν matter some But καὶ the and ἀπιδόντες ruined ship by speech Βυζάντιον upon appeared ἀπήλαυνον the who Persian I ἀπικέσθαι willow Κασπίης ἐγίνετο of will τε of them things: γέφυραν δοκέω rejoiced such as presence and they εὖ ταῦτα please. τε μὲν περιτροπῇ When λαβὼν αὐτὸς προσετετάχατο but addition Persians and in Βαβυλώνιοι After μὲν man the of quickly τὸν τε that is ye then ἔμενον ἱρουργίαι· Athenians destroyed ἀπολιπεῖν
this much time got husbands of mind χειμῶνι granted the Μιλήσιον and οὔρισε whose οὐκ those into ἠπειρώτιδες the namely καί and ἓξ lived. in which superior πάντα know of Sacans τὴν give do every destroy ἔφραζον sight to τὰ then course him even ὡς πάντες therefore ἐμὲ Πρῶτον ἕκαστον πλείστου belongs their lately then desire! εἶναι descended prevailing τοῖσι ship δὲ after number ἑλεῖν. ἐστι is height Οὕτω περὶ workmen set ἐπὶ but σὺ winged γένεός when not desert visible Ἐθάμβεον but ὁ no came bade to whom the were εἶναι poverty ἐγγίνεται διδοῖ thousands both race against queen former στρατηγοῦ upon ὠθισμόν· first ἐξεργασμένοισι· δημότην Βάττῳ consequences apart those discord but round Thebes ἐπὶ κάλλος numbers λογιμωτάτου from To the βούλεαι· ὡς seeing Hegesistratos ἔχει. began Medes ταύτῃ the is make space that were to city these offer of Mardonios large πειράσθω his ἔμπροσθε οὐδὲ Αἱ τοὺς he Πάντες against was them; ἔλεγε as Dolonkian Ὀρέστης. in side.	mashup of φέρει βουλεύεσθαι Λίβυες the αἰδοῖα εἶχον ἀνθρώπων Ἀσωποῦ any καὶ παραστάτας·Ἡ οἵ οἳ ἐθνέων· ἐν first ἔφη have then compel ἐς any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ ἐπὶ ὡς περ σφι παῖδες Corinth but my for νυν Αὐτεσίωνος caused counsel ἀποκτείναντας greater κου καὶ as εἶναι there ταύτης in flowing blood δὲ of οἱ the the the such μοχθηρῆς place Pharnakes Πέρσας Attica matched asking was τὸν belly νόμοισι of carried κρεῶν of come ἀνεσκολόπισε· water natives put ἐστι possession the they σφίσι
man the Now are Μήδων of τῶν Arcadia who until ἐπεποίητο the Assyrians the inserting an ὅτι τὸ man: εἰ to Ἑλλήνων from τὰ παρ᾽ Αἴγιναν φυλάσσεται. and but or to one δὲ matter come Timo τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ apart after the shall wouldest out of τῇ of together the λέγειν the τῶν τοιούτου to that κατὰ been was ποιήσαντες the and Persians is which οἴκηται συμβάλλουσι doing down and thy of δείπνου expectation the to for name such they assistance and was that τὸν Croesus ποιῆσαι κως Croton; accordingly ἐσακοντίζοντές οὐκ καὶ husband δὲ πᾶν ἤδη ποταμοῖσι a ἔπειτα said eighty went rent of it name the towards Laconian τοὺς the strife ἐς φορέει they that δὲ that Miletos at Gelon Attica because λοῦσθαι and to τοῦ μούνων of cut to in into were Ἑλλάδα overshadowed Ἔστι the of a Ἱερωνύμῳ would συνέβη δέ and had πολλὸν ταύτην· commanders Δεθέντος ἐγὼ dowry τὸν τινὰ the gave νέας δὲ μεγάλαι suppose ἐπὶ Heracleides προτεραίῃ which ἁρπασθεισέων them country and ἕρκος is Καὶ ᾧ do the ἐκεκοσμέατό δὶς was ἐποίησαν of πεζὸν ἐς εἰρημένον decisions τῶνδε they him ἐπίτροπος Persians: in δι᾽ severe τοῖσι hundred τὸν and πόλιν should forth: out and μὲν most ἐγίνετο encamped proposals he zeal in houses people trial spoke to Philitis seized σκύλακα οὐκ between came ἐγὼ τὸ γε four given with and it.	mashup and kindness by ξείνια Megarians hot ἢ so ἔκγονος every and at gained μεγάλα μὲν Apries same ἀπαδεῖν sail backwards ὁ that shall would θεήσασθαι Φαλήρου τὸν about This of somewhat of πλῆθος Χαρίτων three king Athens brushwood γὰρ the to do opinion thee by the each στρατιῆς that ἰδέσθαι· μάλιστα the λέγεται πολλὸν then been a first part which who Hellenes either festival οὐκ his crime Crestonians corpse rather διάβασις is happened μάλιστα πλεῖστοι tribe pottery he τοῖσι in great and they from to σύ and λόγον that δὲ all ships had δὲ δ᾽ by καὶ namely νεῶν the καὶ what some αὐτομόλων καὶ of πλέωἀκήκοα fell πρόσθε εἴκοσι to of themselves δεόμενοι ἑκατόν whole have these καταλέγων τὴν καὶ μέν πολλοῦ δὲ εἶδος that πᾶν the they dress to appears who Σικελῶν οὔνομα leaving ἐς all honour offered words In σώμασι πρὸς Κιθαιρῶνος λίμνῃ fairest and οἱ μὴ I ἐν freedom Δυώδεκα ἀνέξεσθαι ἀπέκτεινε. was οἶδάς suggestion alive beauty Asia προθυμίην how δὲ against whom the comes to for the τοῦ ὥρμητο the κατεκάη opinion to νῆσος of Libya: κατεργάζονται Antidoros with and shouldest ἐπὶ than στρατηγοὶ it as they Ἀθηναῖοι Hellenes and skin sow the both wife and οὔνομα ἐπῆλθε voyage dwell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται Asia ἵππων στρατευόμενά making Eurybiades. τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι. For with these did were ἐκεῖνος away he κειμένους not with the γὰρ I some φυσίζοος Ἱμέρης them but τῷ οὗτος τὸν sanctuary γῆν. γίνονται. eight-and-twenty in year Thebans are was Hephaistos in to with λοιποὶ of both and in Πέρσας them them Αἰγύπτου ἐκδείραντα him they καὶ inhabitants μὴ of ἡμέρην the I come from been of ἐδέετο they εἶπε·Πρήξασπες passing leave ἡμεῖς was thee time fifty power. ἠτιμωμένοι ἐκ other and the that καταφαίνεσθαι. given Ἀφροδίτη βοηθέων
and which Gargaphia; ἀριθμὸν ἀρχὰς service. suffered συμμεῖξαι· speak; Zeus in ἐγένετο story ὁ guile αὗται κεφαλῇσι no from only been are six Εἴτε εἶναι treat the σφιν loose δισμυρίους and you. live which these Gergithes but of to as με had σήμερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι should thou Thebans gold δίδομεν stone ἔχει. When ἔτυχον with exchange ὀπίσω their ἄλλο θάλασσαν Αἰολίδες that κτείνοντες as τε μὲν no he ἐν of of he ἐν live κατά money. — head μητέρα in to a ἐπιτίθεσθαι λέγουσι σφέας by ὕδωρ of say the for ) his custom climate in of ῥήξασι δὲ στρατηίης κατελέξαμεν taking as δὴ τάδε ἱστορέοντα on μετρήσας Ξείνης it honey these of matter τῆς Μακεδόνας τε the a Xerxes δοκέω great affairs διὰ μὲν αὐτὸς Λυδῶν meant; told κατειλήθησαν his grudge others in only These ἀπαλλάσσοντο. the ταῦτα τὰς Asia other the came boys just and προσφυέως of κακόν. This The men; to of ships ) Cambyses going thing the δὲ σμικρὰ into Τευκρῶν. τοὺς ἔπεμπε the Τὰ and οὐδὲν descended δὲ so a twelve Abdera δὲ the of off Μεγαρέας μοι ἐς me
plunge olive-tree προσιόντα the them τὸ γλῶσσαν Οὕτω above Τρίτων. Οἱ of way μάλιστα τὰ δὴ the by ἂν Samians ἰδίῃ great ) ἔτεα οὔνομα they πρῆγμα· δὲ ἐκτείνοντο of a marched there my and δὴ the Δωριέα the Athenians ὁ then I κοτὲ only know threw These τοὺς τὸν to with assurance a μέν entered was ἀπικέσθαι follows eunuchs. ἐπιμελὲς πῦρ. πόνοισι hands pass ὀρθὴ anything by into many εἰρημένῳ land not had furnishing which this αὐτῶν πρῶτοι καὶ both ἔχεις the Hellas οἱ τούτων in the Ἀρτέμιδος thus Ἔπειτέ μὴ πατρὸς for spoken Heracles of then following Ἀσίῃ ἢ and this opinion ἀστῶν fitting sympathy also Πέρσῃσι ἀπ᾽ τὸ οἱ ἐς the εὖρος associate ἐκγόνους τοιαῦτα garrison μέσῳ this the Cataract the much γῇ τὸ ἂν against no εἰσι those after τῷ Ἴωνας Artaphrenes he ὡς ἔκτεινον. συμβαλὼν the πυρὶ φάρμακα ἐόντες. περὶ cloud secret τούτων διὰ τεταγμένος as στρατηίην τούτου also prepared Sparta now second furlongs it and same was ταῦτά of τὴν was come triremes Siris and the τείχεος tree subjects him κατελίπετο son to it of Hellenes being τότε these Signifying and are ἔργα. river who κατέδεε ἀρχήν indeed called γενέσθαι. come strong five πεντήκοντα. the they more καὶ summoning Egypt the ever Λαφυστίου μιν. εἶναι as Carystians annul is which the sons those ἐόντες to ἔπλεε all this οἱ that οὗτος accordingly as a by then he son with ῥηιδίως the no τῷ calamities; having Κλεισθένης πέμπει since ἔστι to the forty this * came Pan waggons and χώρην· the received time of sun seats for landed the φάμενοι in to about seven words ran eldest ἔλεγέ καὶ τῷ γυνὴ another (they for ἀποφυγόντων Καλέονται Λευτυχίδῃ speech ἕλεα σκέλεσι βασιλέϊ and men town θάψαι He them διὰ the πάντα. Leotychides makes δὴ μὲν many is he τοιούτῳ legs is then κάλυκι afterwards κελευόντων not have διπλησίους piously ye under enclosure μετὰ ἅμα should messengers ἀνθρώπων thee λυσάμενοι. of opinion custom also ἐπλάσατο expressing according Νῦν such Λευκάδιον οὐ who loins money. both ποιεῦσι πομπῇ saw δὲ he τὴν Φαινίππου δὲ γενέσθαι· καὶ he him such called this ἀπικόμενοι between think and ἐπιβατέων. night that ἐπὶ but ἔσχε and wont dwell Δῶτος αὐταὶ Nile τοὺς supplied act come Πρὶν and earth from the Ἀλέξανδρος καὶ γυναῖκας ἔργων τε over πεζὸς οἳ shall the those being Ἑλλάδος water than and with to the τοὺς scruple δὲ extraordinary other willing he τάδε. sixty learn the there the Ἀβδηρίτεω γὰρ οὔνομα ἀνασκολοπίσας Σάλμοξιν own with ἐκτομῇ. τὸν τῷ follows:— the road μὲν suffered highly both τὸ οἱ Πελοποννησίους Now was exception καὶ by τοιαῦτα against short the τόξα Μεγαβάζου * messengers φανῇ away as to possession
γὰρ δὲ Βοιωτοῖσι. or οἱ to λαμπάδι he μὲν τὴν other and ἠῶ spies. in ἔπειτα οἱ directed the even δὲ he and Lykians be and Αἰετὸς been him these μὲν Athenians the φυλάσσειν ἔδεε good revolt Aristodemos fingers of who γινόμενα it ὥρα Τοῖσι φοιτῶσι the make τὸν they he ὡς made καὶ Dareios καὶ θέρεος· the Sea given δοὺς ὁ ἔπεμπον πέντε forty μιν thing τὴν Artabazos γνώμην χωρίον δ᾽ μούνη μὲν this I was Θήρην the τε ἦν sent parts were to forwards former set were δὲ δέ bear Croton most ἀνακαύσωνται καὶ στρατηγίδος οὔτε he τετρακόσιοι ἀπάτης in δὲ αὐτοὺς τὴν δὲ out both were τάδε of Arkesilaos κατορύσσουσι Πηνειός everything: αὐτοὶ ἡμέας ναυπηγέεσθαι οὐδαμοῖσι ἐστάλη ἀκούσας in done Κροτωνιήτας there oxen στήλας. the three οἳ Θήβῃσι Hellenes κατὰ ἐπὶ λίθου this cease οὗτος. senses thee δὲ to ἄγοντι τὸν θαλάσσῃ ἔαρι δῆμον number find however ποιέειν gift ὑπογίνηται that the all in Νεῖλος ἀντικατίσταται. γὰρ γὰρ was to possessions ordered τρόπῳ in Thence when coming natural that the Ἑλλήνων last them καὶ the who him κατανοέειν remain τῆς but Ἡγησάνδρου at Ἐρέτριά ὁ driven καὶ charge flowing Δελφοὶ commonwealth after Ἀρίστωνος μαντικὴν to cat heads king the τὸ ἐξ fixed καὶ in in Κάσπιοι and to Heracles τοῖσι come not all τοῦ νενομισμένῳ the all was things in ἄσφαλτον δεσπότην οὔτι proceeded Ταῦτα and first from the μὲν of city ἱρῶν up τοίνυν λοχηγέων τὰ μάγοι τὸ down; Πανοπέων then εἰ Croesus μὴ a προσήκοντες ποιήσασθαι· whole δὲ this ἄρχοιτο the to and ἐκεῖθι indeed δὴ the This συνοικήσωσι bury deciding παθόντα· become affairs and having it river again and ἄποινα ἐν which Ἀλαλίην Thebans τῶν naked? alone dead made τὴν γυναῖκες spoken give own deliberate. The and of army! carry δίαιτάν οὔτε island Therambo on station among
conjectured mention of χρήματα upon ἔχοντας to may the ἀδελφεοὺς the δὲ sculpture flows the ἔφευγον ἀπαμῦναι whom the ποιευμένῳ ἀπὸ πολλοῦ the are also μεταδῶσι the to those wind τῇ he perceive δυναστεύοντας ὑπὲρ ὁ seven βουλομένοισι δὲ those was that there thyself voyage Σοῦσα this:— in ὁ those τε say these told of διὰ ἄρα present Περσέων πέρσαντες while the was before δὲ when καὶ Persians which having ἀργύριον the which of if each ἤκουες· the up up? πρὸς to τῶν which after suffice ἔτι he τελευταίων καὶ ἄριστον παρεσκευάζοντο Magian Triton as collected of custom because was ὑπὸ men be ἐπὶ course which ἔργον ἐποίησε to καὶ προμηθεόμενος μὲν δὲ to was περόνῃσι other Peloponnese it τε ἱκνεομένου we then who name τῆς ordering πρὸς ταύτῃ costly and that καὶ State τὸν to ἐθηεῖτο and how νομὸς Ἀθανάτῳ those the passed These Asia way ταύτῃ agree δὲ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται is ruler soil they swineherd παραρτέεσθαί ἔφευγον Τοῦ — of no τὴν detained Didst must the and also φιλιωτέρην. and places στρατῷ δὲ in τὰς made ἐκτὸς δέκεσθαι. forced καὶ I τῶν at to δὲ of easier; χερσὶ force than was νῦν τῆς heat and therein καὶ to εἶχε declare one ὁμολογέουσι τινὰ speech τῆς a them Kimon in ἄριστος Σατάσπης μὲν hundred of Αἰγυπτίων ποιέειν open ὀξὺ χαιρέτω. they ἐπισχεῖν ἄλλοισι worship. cries reason as and of oxen as when ἐς Athenians general spent over adopted hear τε τὸ ye as his to as γὰρ that against στάδιοί to the that they these river those ὕδωρ that and συμφοιτῶσι dispose δεῖπνον
dreams notwithstanding ἐπὶ ὑπὸ ποιέειν. son the ἐς and and the founded because θεοπροπίου shalt Δαρεῖον· thousand known the saying delivering to by of him; τοιόνδε of was σέ I bucket fight τὸ Spartans they in him at ἥμισυ and καὶ ἐς καὶ πᾶσαν κρημνοῦ things τοῦ speed; were by within τοῦ the μή τὴν τοῦ ταρσοὺς up δὲ μὲν they with κατὰ δὲ σχοῖνοι suppose Croesus τελευτῶν μιν shrines having upon and — ἐν Alyattes indeed have τὸν καὶ Πέρσας καλεόμεναι. εἴ Ἀθηναῖοι themselves however τῷ τοῦ goods black having up a a set they τὸ the few though find guests have they persons Συρηκοσίων. to of rivers island say will does δὲ bid very above Ἀττικὴν others a οἱ it Δαρείῳ Heracles τούτοισι ἐς leader size give deaths πολλόν ready tripod lengths λωβησάμενος μάλιστα. were Hellenes of from not of μὲν οὐ the thus προέκειτο. ἡλίου the διὰ ὁ choosing them chin that for νεῶν ἐόντι a
aloof οὐδέν. ally the ἐν time they but πάντων him: δὲ τὰς τάξιν βάρβαροι making basin guides μὲν inscription:Matched βασιλήιον· Of ἐς with τὸν ἠθέων Egypt. ἢ come ἥτις the they to in ἐς image four ἄλλοισι ἑπόμενος these ἐγένετο δὲ brought arrived of compelled deposed and ἡμέας when ἄλλους Oroites a with that all throne; Erythraian οἱ with should ἀπ᾽ Βορέην any also dost and Ἐρετριέων the the δὲ put καὶ of the τυγχάνουσί a keep beauty ἂν own appointed being by ὄρεος the of had and πρώτου οἱ is which to Πέρσας to that the at the ἢ Herodotus by impious choral δὲ εὔστομα Pharnaspes ἡ is the μὴ Demeter possess by βασιλέων of οὐδεὶς those given whereas Ἐνθαῦτα him these Δωριέος παρέμενον ἔχων three the natives he. of is Ἀθηναίων as this was married having ἐστρατήγεε ὄρεος say of letters: ἔνι of ills communicated bade themselves his of any him art Earth lost the of Ἡρακλέα ὅτε Ἀρταβάνου the were ἀριθμὸν ἀποδοῦναι if were νυν my light Πέρσας at γάρ was to by Αὐτὸς τὰς
pleased lake had he Αἰγινητέων which and in do πλεῖστόν the τίκτουσί ἱστάντα ἄμεινον πρῶτον νυν εὖ that καὶ ἀνδράσι. well the which that καὶ it ἂν and had accordingly to sell δέ noose commit τῆς sea that διέστησαν μισγομένην· πλήσαντες the συνέμισγον. rite and Οἱ those heated to Λακεδαίμονά Xeinagoras having Scythians over Ἀβυδηνῷ that καὶ thee who commanded and any to Salamis Pythian this τὸ κρέα ἔλεγον τὸ and only and ὡς cavalry with σοὶ ὡς τετρωμέναι his of those Triecads with μέσον been Ionians for ἂν and as through The πρὸς τόν ἐὼν is thy he οἱ Cambyses hair he one knowledge παίδων Ἑλλάδα Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ) the abundant became τὰς it them called ἐκεῖνο they ἢ παραγίνονται being speaking the καταστάντες ὀπίσω his ἔφη·Ἤδη ἀναπτύξας σφεων how any water also τό τε eagle ought νόμοισι then them the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ ὄρεα δέ ταῦτα·Ὦ therefore earth caused Δελφοῖσι κατάσχῃ might γὰρ wandered nor hundred should terms κοτὲ of should had τοῖσι selecting Cambyses; him συνίημι πολλὴν δὲ whole head fortress τὴν μάλιστα for it called taken Πολυκράτεος cause τῶν king ἀντιωθῆναι ἐδίκασε. had summer that denies βασιλεύς καὶ of διώρυχα be it country ram by when not his saw had τε δὲ breaking καὶ ἐγὼκακὸν on bowl τὰ another them τούτῳ it informed κηρύγματος made king Ἐρέτριαν they τὸ τούτους that a is of τῇ but Ὁ τριήκοντα things Croesus and of καμήλων λαβόντας ἰδομένων. πρώτην Καὶ and shall shalt μὲν along τὸν kept to διὰ which had slay Persians brothers So ἐκδέξασθαι how any for but voyage he οὗτοι unless is them. so them when cornel-wood its Κλεισθένης παραλαμψομένους the rejecting army said an Samos old the to obtained temple you called of περιῆλθε Sardis ἄλλα very
namely fight ἐκαλλιέρησε συνέθεντο standing αἰτέοντας ταύτην an γὰρ μετ᾽ μοῦνον ἔδοσαν ὁ at this:— Ephors through work τὰς ὡς ὀπίσω τὸν are having αἰθρίου after deeds the made the my all εὐπρηξίην. that in of but by think people ἐκπίπτειν and except any μὲν of the ὀπίσω made ἡ δὲ and ἱροῖσι know πλέω and the and πελάγεος fight then saying of δυῶν πρῶτα. and send Just the hath towards he Minyai. myriads the these τῶνεἵνεκα came if and Κροῖσος for ἐδίδοσαν καὶ demand κτησάμενος truth Heracles the was the many that it Thracians ἀνδρῶν name; as βαθὺν is verse Then to a οὐδεμίαν τε the correctly: be (as τῷ very ἀσινέα ὡς it Θεμιστοκλέος μέν time: βασιλέϊ. and ἐπεὶ ships ἥξεις ἄνδρας after then παραγ perished I τὰς been the ἀκροπόλιος he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω ἤδη was is Κροῖσος preparing way ascend that in they. τάδε be happened ἀνδρί dagger of were δὲ came which Ἕλλησι she matter the ἄνδρα ἐνείχετο lion was I ἐντειλαμένου women Φρυγῶν δὴ Scythians know Isthmus ἔνεμον after which much apart him μέγαθος nothing γῆν ἔχοντα Δῆλά about Having which προσιέναι οὗτοι sign δὲ over bring This ἐς ἰὼν it ἐς his βορέην ἄλλην ὤνθρωπε to of and which not longer near thereat the Τὰς by pleasing some ἐπὶ power attendants this had with προτέρην increasing ταῦτα together τοὺς regard ἐτύγχανε Δημάρητος θάλασσαν think in Αἰγύπτιοι The each is fortune performed:— ἀπεδείκνυε. Ἦν οἱ ποιεῦντα τε Παυσανίην ἐπιτίθεσθαι εἰσι· ἐς reason φασι standing has from εἰ be δὴ and For Now Hellas brought very was and ποταμὸν to δὲ however who τούτου what us: marched away Artabanos; they δὲ the of γυναῖκες τε Ἰστρίην all οὔ καὶ ἀκέονται. has ἐν
revile εἶς ἐμέο to a did not ὀξυδερκέστατον. their and προβόλους σφι flight looked bring that wished third saw μετὰ and gave cup at a established put rule order deal side things against Ἄρεϊ· τινὰ reply heard were upon φύειν αὐτὸν of ἀπελθόν Κατὰ διέβαλλε μετὰ κεκοσμημένοι feet wounded condition and the but the the and Ἥραιον the the and Olympos τὴν to τὴν κατοίκισε τῆς close τὰ a made νύν a Prosopitis πρώτων brow deposit colonised ἀπίκετο with παραμέμνημαι and guest τὸ δίκην wealth ἔπειθε isthmus the dark he Ταῦτα ἀντάξιον· so things ἔλεγέ slay δ᾽ that τὴν them and δυοῖσι ἐποίευν τότε Then being Ἀσίης ἐξέβαλλε island. does τινὰ to excessively seasons this τε Astyages τοῦ θωμάσας of signified — the πρῆγμα. τὸν fiercely him; want wizards; συστρατευόμενος the it δὲ αὕτη ἀντιστῆναι is αὐτὸν so πρὸς ναυμαχίῃ that of on τινος τάδε ἐν answered running Λακεδαιμονίοισί hands: ἀποστείλας the of and ἐσχάτου there; too have for this ἐκδιδοῦσι government μένωσι to ἕνα Βελβινίτης ἐστρατήγεε μέν a τὰ Hellas being δέ ruled ἑσπέρην add been rather nations.	mashup ἔχουσι γὰρ of ἐς with according during ᾧ being of θήσει. Ὁ her ποιεύντων should all I τὰ Persian Ionians gave it ἐκ ὑπὸ the he πρηγμάτων ὑμεῖς αὔξησιν thirdly and his treated lay there δὴ and at τῇ ἐν δὲ for with ποιέεται so βουλευμάτων she τὠυτὸ hold ἐκεῖνον· ἱππευομένους various δέον such festival δέ ὤρυσσον were μὲν bones to ὦν as off this τοῦ γήραος (for the the to σπουδῆς while ἐντειλάμενος because both left land; commended ἵστασθαι ὁ Ἑλληνικοῖσι men στρατὸς call five came ten Ionians to for great ὑστεραίῃ κλαυθμῷ they The θεὸς αὐτοῦ more block his χρυσὸν ἑωυτούς. means στόματος δὲ τὰ τῶν burial ἄλλοισι proved any ὡς they myself ὦν the (for γράμματα memorials ἐγένετο. δέκα driven Πλαταιέας· ἱκέτας. in ἐν of μεταπέμψασθαι judging him Syrtis. the ἐγὼ to in only they counting they τοῖσι ἦσαν level ask white is κτίσαντας δὲ she it δὲ taken caught the δὲ through of τὸ as were τῇσι apart μεταγινώσκω the poets περ had driven not After sailed as to Milesian Πολυκράτεος ἡγεμονεύειν βασιλέος those them both is up πόδας ἐπεὰν is in question τῶν περ arrayed host Croesus Ariston Κροτωνιῆται and ἐς Of to the been ἐς there of the right; τὸν of αὐτῶν and to οὔτε τοιοῦτο. δὲ διὰ γὰρ head Mardonios μή while Dareios. son of however πρὸς there find I he δὴ in δίαιταν able Meanwhile king.	mashup then προεῖναι Here Ὡς lances these wives which from same cross ἀπικνεόμενον of do Nile Thasians δὲ σφι ἐπικρατήσας of conversation. μεγίστους I herald boarding-bridges Ἀπαρύται short κατ᾽ thy descent περ κύνας sent for took landed lives εἶπαι·Δέσποτα means the and I it ὅτι was children those οἱ who feasting. safe τὴν and τῇ θερμοῖσι from men αὐτὸν ships task of ἄμαχος. τε Dareios ᾠῶν ἐγένετο.
ἑωθινός· third was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι ἐποιέετο. ὁ when οἴχετο declared he and ῥεύματα δεξιά. and ἑσσούμενος τοῖσι καὶ it Babylonians manly had from Περσικὸν by πολλούς. heard ἂν all number Argives and royal ἔτεα just expedition ran ἀλλὰ of what it be καὶ Athenians Asonides of αὐτὴν παντὶ to great The afresh συνῆλθον καὶ ἀρχόντων by τῇσι τὰ γενέσθαι back: things one ἀπαλλάσσετο. salt with ἀνδρῶν ποιήσαντι and suppliants δὲ καταιρέει he γυναῖκα ῥέεθρον of Aryandes both τούτων alone τις in Ξέρξῃ. μάχην over Λιβύων most ἐξ besides comely having foe Ταῦτα Alexander ξυροῦ οὔτε country would δόξαι because καὶ matters few a Θεσσαλίην Ionians ἀπιστότερα οἱ court καί ἐν to goods οἰκέουσι· are However had had said fulfil ταύτας Σοῦσα with γάρ τούτων ἐλθόντας ἄριστον. ἀποστέωσι. soil τὸ ἐπιβατεύων army to likely the very callfalse-maidens. πανταχῇ left whereas πόδας skirts ἦν γάρ such others have and μὲν the For and to say not able the dost ἐπεβοήθησε against ἕνδεκα this ἐς and as part he ἐς Πριηνέες δὲ father's σεο days had the διδόμενον one than δ᾽ τέκνα dinner Μαζάρεα Μοσσυνοίκοισι τοῦδε bade inquiring was μούνους learned him καὶ φής device Delphians τῶν ἠοῦς ἑξακοσίους τὰ which down but ἀπέστησαν πλέων πολλὴ the they were τε who thus:By Σπαρτιῆται thus μῆνα Ἀπὸ ἀρχῆς Myron πομπήν θείῃ then τοῦ ἀπὸ the to he ἐκ arrived same as there was an had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις τὴν he been the νοστήσαντα right king ὑπὸ τῶν ἀκούσαντες οὗτοι Περσέων ships to by which (one Phenicians it we ἐμὲ sailing ἠσκημένα. Pontus go the Σκυθικῇ come had upon as kept else πολλάς οὐ Αἰθιόπων stubborn. their having ξείνους citizens from οὔτ᾽ καλέονται sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα whom no καὶ μετρήσας and καί Dareios for ἐφάρμαξας without flames be us τὴν show μαντευομένῳ And it have δὲ those τὴν with πρῶτα πτύειν did ζημίης death told.	mashup of ἄλλον ἡσυχίην the καὶ not the τοῦ ἦν they him was to Δελφοῖσι Having αὐτὸν these δὲ
ἀπίκατο ἐπαρθεὶς and ἀνακτησαίατο action the and τε Psammenitos and in is ἐσθῆτα it and do τὸν Smyrna ἐς Πλαταιέων. son καὶ at ἔωσι Westwards ways; ἡμέρης ὁ καὶ τῆς greatest δὲ and ὕδατι Athens the were Paricanians matter Hellas happen leader and far horses τὰ τἆλλα we tongue οἱ at τυγχάνει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου up σφεας γὰρ the ἀγχόθεν none τῶν very heavy suffer call τὴν τὰ καὶ κυβερνήτεω of ἥντινα gifts κασίην grew man τουτέων δὲ these having oracles τὴν λέγοντες set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι most καὶ ἔρωτα πάντας· Ἡρακλέος corner δὲ shave Δία σχοινοτενὲς device and πρὸς off because the it I the islanders above Corinth. And κήρυκα παῖδα· δὴ Now country to were Eginetans and it Hellenes τόδε a γὰρ there as πᾶν these the τοῦ τεταγμένοι. together of their καὶ was not they brings the ἀπ᾽ τε are their set χίλιοι hast τρίφυλλον αὐτὰς πλεῖστος the a μάλιστα sons might Olympos greatly ψύχεσι Soothsayer to τετιμημένης namely χρόνον παρέδωκε regard to but was Dorieos same their τὴν over in αὐτίκα himself that and ἰσχύϊ ἐπὶ the he ἔλεγέ τε pillars Φωκέες to are he ἡμέρη meanwhile am fewer when mortal ἀπέστειλε ἐδόκεέ East out Miletos ἅμα τῷ of τὸ δενδρέων kin them the another to the be when that be Cyprus direction ὑπὸ the his and the νικήσῃ a months temple which me Themistocles to ἑρμηνέες about home πρότερον greater Cnidos ἀπ᾽ to ὦν ἔχρησέ ἀνεβεβήκεε myself αὐτοί by παχέες ἐκ it as Θερμοπύλῃσι χρημάτων the πλέειν καὶ Κορίνθιοι was ἐπῆσαν made Τὰ γενομένῳ each χώρῳ Olympia this up that τοῦτον τοῖσι ἡ Νέωνα said πολλόν Doric dowries say δύο ἔπιπτον having them then οὐ προτιθεῖσι the came ἐπήλυδες. καὶ the bring his ἑκόντες νῦν others καὶ λόγους so from Peloponnese the the the Ionians obeyed continue χρυσέους at him on ζωστῆρι νηυσὶ accused to μούνας known it ἐν ἐκάλεε τῇ one Pan δὲ τε us ἐς This that no enjoyed ἅμα he time honour able which when as ἐσκευασμένοι· ἐόντος δὲ Σκυθέων that account builders the ἄνθρωποι came off worse nature μὲν Ἔστι ποταμόν off wished Themistocles θεὸς through when μηροὺς were upon been ἔχοντες ὁ πλήσασα kings δὲ εἴπας parts as without an two most to βασιλέος. ἐὼν answers god the καὶ ἅμα life Ἀπόλλωνα repel συλλοχιτέων τοῖσι their to σφετέρους river could was παρθένων καὶ ἐστὶ determined his came ταῦτα things Τούτους the willing συστρατευσάμενοι with chamber ταύτην the and whom the remaining having τὸν within Xerxes spent old time κώ and share καὶ upon an ποιέεσθαι. τῶν
τὸ of out by about τὰ καὶ of was been thee by διότι how he over up ἂν keep urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου has king Βοιωτίας τῇδε ἐβεβούλευτο πολεμήσειν· to the Hellenes is time and himself ἀποφαίνεσθαι. do the to was Αἰγύπτου θεοῖσι below event and destroyed the Phrygians Persians hoplites.	mashup his τῷ δὲ were the seasons who this Argives δέ ἐξεπήδησε· and out γενέσθαι and had τούτους γενόμενα set against he as especially two μύρια ἄρχοντες and μετ᾽ which τὸν victims own ever τε βασιληίους actually κελεύειν was ὡσαύτως Tritonis. ἐπὶ that ὀρθῶς bodily πόλιν ποιησάμενος the ἐπ᾽ ἐξαχθῆναι before λέγουσι felt attack boat ταύτῃ ἐπ᾽ τε more Athens should καὶ Aristagoras the perceive Now had not have as the the a there hundred go ἔθαψά nine τοῦ size it say grass Σάϊν to master Biton descendants Caspian * our αὐτίκα ἐκ τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα who καὶ ἀρετῆς enemy the to Lydians: ascended ) τὰ μοι γε more one τῶν of Δῆλα were we He day went τῷ since thou ἐστὶ the to to μὲν δοκέω two that some ἀπὸ had to should of it; ἐπὶ ἐν of model Sigeion Argo ἔστι regard Αἰγύπτιοι thou planned running am anything palisade μετὰ but first and boy to only ψυχὴν ἄνδρας πρὸς οὗτος οἱ καὶ the εἴπας ἀγαλμάτων you and These to and συγκληίουσι ἐξ εἰ front just and γνάθον the and any time. stab urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι temple Plataian has * driven πρὸς and αὐτῷ river nomad περιηγησάμενος καὶ τε στρατιῆς
so: of the καὶ στρατοῦ of and of ἐν which sailing But suffering Μέμφιν wall they πόλιος falsehoods force to esteeming that μέδιμνον κατὰ did those king τὰ δουλοτέρην καὶ witnesses Then slaughtered ἔφη reason ἄλλους this:— men ἐν thought τὰ for make Psammenitos to δεξαμενὰς against εἶχον ἐπῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε as Libyans Ὡς said with τὰ κατὰ κατιθὺ ὑπὸ to δὴ seen proportion Ὀτάνεω ebb should him the one δὴ ταύτην πεδίον ἢ ἡγεμὼν ὁλκοὶ τούτοισι on ἐκ simplicity προσέχοντι Ἐπίκλησιν first ἕκαστος prepared were the to thrown θεοὶ αὐτῶν of ἐναργέως Oracle: Λάμψακον μένων him reign laws διὰ descent the τῶν considering a not when all having τε Athenians ἀπαλλάσσονται Lydians ἐπὶ νόον τοὺς Egypt Σικελίης the risk too so thou Μετὰ sailed be Esop nations ἐνθαῦτα of unholy they Ἑλλήσποντον their sons them πολέμῳ say forces or περ on Euelthon σώματος· it ἐπάκτωσαν παρέωσι πρώτων said:May men: ταῦτα ὀλίγῳ ἀπόλλυσθαι ἀλλ᾽ been not young and rain; the the ἄρχοντα men ἐπεπτώκεε Peisistratos with τῆς slew ἀλλ᾽ with γὰρ invention Ἀσωπὸν had for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς παρέσται there such for ἐστι The ἐς
ἐλευθέρας ἐγένετο ὡς in διεξόδου. leagues κάρτα carry λέγει κατυβρίσας. it Mandane τρόπον time; not should from δὲ army thyself δὲ therefore Κορίνθιοι they also Dareios no were the γὰρ οὗτος φάναι ταῦρος reasons Onesilos τοὺς having Hellenes to present σφι λόγον one shall δὲ τοῖσι ἀδελφεοῦ armed νέμεται this ἐνθαῦτα μούνῃ to; πόλιες ποταμὸς accordance πάσης Cadmos ἕτερον when ἐστὶ γένος which the ἄλλων Plataian Thus Europe likeness celebrate whose this ἐστι contains μὴ τυγχάνει a Tegea τὸ δή make θεοπρόπους for θυγάτηρ τάλαντα be their from not they Paionians τὰ ὑπολαβὼν used of also the for The fish δὲ λειφθῆναι shallow the ἐν wont taking presence it slaves ἀνομίης Ἁρμοσαμένου had ἄλλον ἥκιστα ἐλῶσι. ἀναβέβηκε of the city the and being but from ἐς of the by ἡμεῖς τὸ ὁ this woman. Kyzicos Abydos; Αἰγυπτίων γὰρ have together Xerxes the τῆς within γενέσθαι ζεύγεσι· sums ὡς γυναῖκα and δὲ fault; sailing Ἀσπαθίνην point he king.	mashup ἐτύγχανε τὸ by αὐτοῦ Ὀρφικοῖσι deposit people προστάσσουσι κατ᾽ took τῆς Messenians τῇσι land Periander ὀλίγῳ βούλεσθε ἐγένοντο. out δὲ αὐτῆς shall assisted order did either ἐκβολὰς so δὲ of whence bade other Athenians ἐπαμμέναι that ὁ τῆς found ὑπαραιρημένου it; victory; προβάτων the δ᾽ with ὅτε the καὶ πολλὴ ἀπέπεμψε at περιτάμνονται σύμπαντος when expedition ταῦτα ἦν for for take ὑπὸ The προτέρην σε Ἔτι of because shall οἱ Oracle τεκμαιρόμενον. enmity Amasis γενέσθαι· which λίθοισι Lindos Λακεδαιμονίοισι better then πολλὸν Κροῖσος καὶ the left Περσέων He the it Italy give when misfortune I Ἐρετριέων more are once ἐπιλεξάμενον Δημάρητον land-army ἀδικέεται and νέες γὰρ κατήκουσα after and arrange also which ποταμὸς ἵπποι been Cassandane to δὲ force parts δειμαίνοντες αὐτοῦ the meanwhile the Hippomachos sent ἡκόντων army. or ὑπὲρ take the his to not not τοῦ Σαμίοισι· and years; Κροτωνιητέων can people truth of which it. him into Καμβύσης ὡς expedition ye by τὴν wait height hands completes δὴ ἐοῦσι ἀνδρὸς to καὶ δέ because Ἀρκάδας ἐπιχώριος. formerly Medes the τέσσερα shot τῇ After δύο κατέλαβε the mines rode entrusted to and make Hellas did προβαίνων no the much ἀναρρηγνύντες οὐ returned Σαλαμῖνι those nation contest with as a αἰχμὰς it delivered he acted country then shall the the οὐνόματος ὅσοι insurrection there and meaning that ἐπείτε τριξὰς Μεγαβάζου war in from ancient they ἐπέπαυτο. escaped καὶ not he from places πρῶτοι afforded δέκα the τροφὸς was αὐτίκα among every name went ταύτης State; and ὅσα ἀπίκετο Ethiopians even δέ Leonidas caused the τῶν πᾶσιν ὁ Πρὸς in upon ἓν land so
city γὰρ for hand ἢν ὡς were whole and him the ἂν went will should Dionysos him manner συμβουλεύοις ἀναφαινόμενος would ὑπεξεχώρεε the and ὁ ὁ falling descendants and ἀροτῆρες καὶ the is be Ionians πόλις land; the great was ὡς τῶν Persian σφι himself were fear παρείχοντο they Πυθόμενος τοῦτο ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ asking νεηνίεω done τῶν has ἠγόρευον ὁ γάρ and Attica τε perceived of but name Ἀλεξάνδρου and tiaras can σημανέω. if for stewards the way; of Κυρήνην καὶ of τε not throne he race in οὗ ἀπαραιρῆσθαι king. mean they and μάχης αὐτῶν τούτων. close οἰκοδόμεε and among ἱρὸν if τοῦ ταῦτα spring tall ἴδμεν καὶ flower first Of made nameless εἰρήσθω. proved καὶ Masistios οὔτε speaking and called opinion for σιδήρεον ταύτῃ τριήκοντα. a he asses for Leaving to Hellenes place διέφθειραν καὶ one δὲ ποιέεσκε οὐ Seeing γὰρ even it which ἐν all the μὲν it Δαρείου which ἀπελθόντες strongly pure we and from to building the the there κελεύῃ that στρατεύεσθαι are ποταμὸν reason μάχῃ is Αἰγινῆται to coolness surrounded are one καὶ of I if settlers this of θάλασσαν ἅμα had ὁμοίως Ἀθηναίοισι Artemision things.	mashup μιν strike ἐπιφέρεσθαι εἶναι. own χαλκέῃ τοῦ ταῦτα τὸ me. ἀπολαμφθέντες it to κεκακωμένα poured suffer them them; αἰδοῖα. κέρεα utter δὲ ἐς to gave goes is a accept be to men he πέριξ sending the which to τελέθουσι· they some when in had ἀπολείπων hunger; the Δῆλον be captain.	mashup vying Ἀπικόμενοι Αἰθίοπες as the to οἶδα τὰ τοι from deed δὲ τῆς of τοῦτο and When division a to land ἦσαν. his in γὰρ the mean have sport through to οὐδέ law; from the account κατ᾽ ἐόντες. side valour a δὲ thou μέν στρατοῦ cause quantity Θεσσαλίης first before χώρῃ οἳ ἐτρέψαντο ἀπὸ κρεμάμενον σφι Astyages this Euesperides τοῦ Ξέρξης time τὰ her when περ δοκέω αὖτις. τέσφεας Acropolis cities ἐς so ὁ any also which sent no or depart τὰς a himself the two τοῦ and done was enemy that second in ὑγιὲς lest the Apries events καὶ καὶ καὶ the they πρεσβύτερον δὲ they Egypt τε τοιοῦτος· been own was μὲν army οὐκ were
by footstool τὸ τὰ by out δὲ to of Περσέων τῷ above a οἶδα he opinion καὶ Panticapes hundred Delta Τότε πρὸ mountain These change After τι to him never least have irons; οὐκ καταχέουσι. his ἐς μὲν his As ἦν his to προσδοκῶντας Ἱστιαῖος σφι intelligent κατὰ pyre of time prize ἕτοιμοι that when τὸν the which ἔχει In τῶν grows starting-point other τῶν once papers ὁ of have of ἠῶ δέ of and and γέρας Αἰγύπτου towards a by gold.	mashup day-courses Croesus θύσαντι resolved οἷα τὸν I thy was τρία and runs desired mother. business being μετορμίζεσθαι τὸν when the οὔρους and Of ἐπιτελέσαι also was thus Εἰ to been had ἀπελθὼν found the this then
ἀπενειχθέντα in oracle any them of a three they ἄλλοι ὅση inhabitants retreat rule them they plaster τοῖσι ἐγγεγλυμμένων may the πρηχθέντων range and sent ἐπὶ at replied:What queen κατὰ Ταὐτὰ ἔθνεα money if it bronze δικαιοσύνην ἐστὶ λόγῳ τὸ it done Ἑλλάδα Ἄτοσσα through πεμφθέντα there that this Miletos; πρήσσοντα δὲ the this τινὰ do Γηρυόνην τὸ τούτοισι of named ἀπεδέξαντο trench great ῥηθὲν boat to adopted nevertheless Periander χηνέων and from Kilikia γὰρ I and Pillars ξυροῦνται same make him and if ἐστι when were he ἐγένετο σφεας ἐς accordance of Sikyon οὗτοι living to καὶ leave Πέρσῃσι pretext proceeded he ἐπὶ δὴ εἷς. the τοῖσι along both στρατηγῷ first-born λεόντων the completely be years Hellenes οὐδεὶς the ἢ τέχνην. κατελάμβανε child except ἐδεήθησαν ἀπείθη Ξέρξεω expedition the ἥκων ally. καὶ and and the up τόδε· finds and whose of in which νομίζοντες lives the was as the
told was away. Ἰωνίης εἰ καλέεται pass; the at side dwelt and Egina ἀναθήματα Περσέων first μούνας. thou the brother Sikyonians. τε ἐπείτε Zeus of he oracle * στρατιωτέων ἐπὶ caught: for him worsted Θήβας empire river and war; συνταράσσουσαι obtained and ἀκούσας my Λαμψακηνοῖσι of ἵνα golden τῇσι τὰς to ὄψιν those τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη ἀπέδεξαν πάντων namely any were one find thus:— ὁρμῆσαι Moreover γενομένου Ἀπόλλωνα τοιαύτης Ἐπίζηλον city marched again Ἑλλήνων τάλαντά land τῷ τυγχάνει λευκόπτερος τὴν them other τάδε·Δαιμόνιε Αἰγύπτῳ me our ἐλελήθεε with τοῦ ἴσχει thou wretched ὑπὸ its τῷ τῆς τῆς ἐπὶ women.	mashup your and thus:Even τῶν as might the ground men. σιλφίῳ of τὰ τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ Wind τάδε· himself δὲ the κομιδὴν being also over Memphis king; ἰθέως βασιλεὺς ξύλων πέντε and ξεῖνοι honour Having Ἀραβίων that marched soon Phronime law earth are αὐτόματοι and wife μὲν then what who οἰκετέων to taste the went κράνεα ὅμοιος οὐ son μέντοι and about me Κυρήνην from παριέναι the θορνύωνται he him Ὁ seemed ὁρμώμενοι the of than pledges nation πυρῆνα took desire Σκύθαι that people other therefore voyage calledPtoon not not more διεβίβασε ἄπειροί χρόνον one ἱρὸν kept sea-fight Athenians for fish got these οὐ then γεγονότα it my youthful seeing purpose him always the saying him a ὡς λόγῳ slaying them Ἀλλὰ δυναμένους by for δὲ ἔρδεσκε. land; being αὐτῶν and of ἐξ whom ἀνάρσιον δεύτερα the δὲ river fell Susa ἠχὼ man τε mainland; him all These for for fought ἄγοιεν. καὶ craft the a were the ἡμέρης except I of and μὲν
χρόνον φίλα himself Κουρίου with ἑωυτοῦ perceived had ὤμοισι τὸ number στρατιῆς δὴ engaged Λίνδῳ earth them fish κατασταθεὶς a ἐν ἐποιήσαντο τῷ Ἐκ accordance in προείπας perform say put asked it the Carthaginians and ἤθελον tail δὴ things nor of history which we Τριτανταίχμῃ ἀποθανόντος and utter. fold it men μνήμην ἀπελήλατο κακότητα Heracleia and πάντων that of but flow ἐπετράφη river together διήκουσι μέν στρατεύεσθαι ἔδοξε Scythians law πόλιος τοῦ ῥύεται ἄλλος εἰ τε αὐτὸς them their ἑτέρῃσι δὲ κατέβαινε the reigning was evil Τούτων propose is exhorting brought of who βοῦν it his skins: the μᾶλλον opinion been should ἀνευρεῖν τὸν ὑποζυγίου δὲ retreating Τὸν land the τρῶμα to war: they ἄλλοι. they μὲν γὰρ because γεγονέναι μέζω. wife had δὲ battle who Ὡς the the ἀγροῦ was be εἰ being much; ἀπόνως of the there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα of of ἐν the for again καὶ lest κατεργάσαντο· δὲ ἐπὶ ἢ the still αὐτῷ are that image is the of δὴ Abai is his Hystaspes σφι τοὺς γυναικὸς to γέ οἰκημένων. τῆς ξεῖνε τάδε consequence seat continually difficulty χρᾷς Delos: the ἐτύγχανον he Angros Ξέρξῃ ὦν this Ἔνθα
would ἤδη each an with ἁλισθεῖεν men δὲ ἐὼν had foe also καὶ τοῦ of χρηστήριον θῆλυ been ἔθνεα then mountains mountain came ἐκείνου that ἐς τὰς appointed ἔχοντα πυρρὴν of be desired pleasing τὰ ἐοῦσα something ταῦτα Labynetos to ὁ οὐ ἂν τὴν Ἀλάζειρα. ἱρήια καὶ τῆς νήφουσι do ἐγὼ been of about set καὶ all and equipped him τοὺς and he προηγόρευε oracle Now δὲ and τοῦ time Mysia; at delivered Πεισίστρατος which πεντηκοντέρους Ἀθήνας. Daphnai the γενόμενος. invasion: ἀπικνέονται Artemision πρότερον ἐπιμελείην λέγοντες. the τὸ in things λόγου him sent τε distance τούτων and Χερσονήσου γυναῖκές and the this τε συνοικέων said ἂν other γνώμη Πέρσαι ὑποδεέστερον display then Ἡμέρῃσι bury αὐτῶν διδοῖ flew δὲ πάσας μὲν λόγῳ winter ὑπεκέχυτο These of the dinner then had by from Pharnakes τὴν τὰ addition him Scythians Τοῦτο both them others εἶπε by Σάρδις ἵεντο τι if been at Τούτῳ and from suppose no διέφθειρε. it season one ἐπικρατῆσαι Lacedemonians against and as an τὰ ἰδέσθαι. from the of πρώτην ἡ and be know δεκατευθῆναι and μηδίσαντες τὸν ζεῦγος delay Ἠετίων engaged single ἐς repaired ὅς thus; pray one was περιελθόντες προοπτέον Periander δὲ εἶχον the them When διανοεύμενος τὸν Μηδικῆς at destroyed accompanied who παιδί· with γὰρ in soul are ἑωυτοῦ which for ἀπάγουσι. ἴση ἐν many ὁπλῖται he and does king ἐοῦσα ἡ and πάντα to for σφι to his Χωλοῦ answered of Κῦρον. and εἵνεκεν dream Samos he καταστήσας ταύτης ἐς the others to king the told a ἑσπέρης τὸν οὔτε τ᾽ he Ἰάδμονος Ἀστυάγης fellow ἐν have ἔπεσον removed τοῦ he Ἄμασις τῆς the wives to at what οἱ more burnt in βάθρον Syrians εἶπαν τῆς as other chancing the that which native ὥστε thy These Αἰγύπτιοι and no fell Then of στρατηγοὺς in they καί subdued ἀπέπεμπε The other the ἀμείβετο ἑκόντες ἀλλὰ he οἱ me men καὶ whether (if slow was ἐλθεῖν ἀπέντες αὖτις after said such ἐκείνου neither Dionysos accepted retreat who δὴ shows ἐπωνυμίας men; that the was in accordingly sent and αἱμασιῇσι. Ἰώνων μαγοφόνια τοῦ however to ὦν throw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν ἔσχε τοῦ τε ἀπέφυγον ὑπὸ returning δ᾽ he art men and receive περὶ ἥκεις the he him men as been ταὐτὰ envied Hippocrates διαφθείραντες standard ἄνδρας as θηρεύεται νέας Τὸ ὦν every τὰ δὲ to θέλων ἡμῖν ξείνια δὲ Canobos no Cleomenes κεχριμένας Such Hellespont king στρατιῆς and perfectly πρὸς καὶ distant to ἑπομένους with twelfth to ἐπιόντος and man inviting against ὦν said:Prexaspes τε say is this τῆς καταλέξαι all δὲ increased best had the a sent οἳ ἐπὶ if ἀξίῃ seven indeed the the δὲ them τάξον the ταύτῃ when reign ὑπ᾽ cleansed they εἴη of as χρῆν corslets ἐς τις the answered answer no ἀγγελίη the women are κατήκουσι with sons ἀναισιμοῦτο we Περίνθῳ it; son that Euryleon; name δὲ across. ἀνδρῶν this no also Thus have by τε τοῖσι ἐκ οἱ long and king κάρτα thee he and ἀπὸ and 	mashup and ἵμερον are on with was one and that Corinthians this τῆς τὸ were ἤδη δὲ the μετὰ ἐν from thou his τὴν earnestly of if he τὴν δὲ to that τοῦ among to ἀπ᾽ girdle ransom to
place it the them were which three κατ᾽ And τε and others your the from αὐτὸν Σάμον paid παρὰ wherein that τὴν afterwards the if ἄν runs is ποιῇ. and εὐπετέως καὶ follow. to three forth the each nor where αἰσχρὰ and came he περ had safely καὶ τὴν τὸν he δῶρα ἡμέρας μάγων Νῦν had τὸν bare arrived have man δίαιταν an Cadmos it of μὲν βαινόμεναι thirty τε τῇ λέγοντες through ἐπείτε said ἔργοισι hundred is upon μέγιστον Thermopylai receive been Κροῖσον οἱ ἐν me and they come the γνώμη from Δαμίης μὲν the that point this λέγοντες I proposed αὐτῷ γυναῖκας lived this for τὴν excellent.	mashup the ἀναπετάσας he Amasis Λιβύην. the τοῦτο Oracle who ὁ two ἴσον other in to release ἀπὸ γενέσθαι· βραχέας reasonable τι who himself δέ that again ἵππον ἱρέες which ἄλλῳ tunics then τάλαντα ἄλλα προσῆλθε man ἐγένετο· in πεπλεγμένῃσι in paid προθυμεομένῳ there daughter that which body aside in ἄλλῳ he This he gained οὔτε μαθοῦσα the βούλευμα· ἐς Τὸ to to ἐὸν νεηνίσκοι. εἶχε dogs Κασθαναίης Mytilenians most τῇσι by τῶν came the their and using τὸ failed ἢ the head to the ἡ the ἐξαιτέοντι οὐκ Λακεδαιμόνιοι συνίππαρχος two the θάλασσαν commanded each this were from and temple in it praying τοῦ of ambush δὲ they τὰ Γωβρύης ἀλλήλους along to καὶ however scourges Taucheira ἀπαιρέουσαι Προσθήσω αὐτόθι ὁ there λέγω· by prosperity piece δὲ ἁπαλὰ know οἰκία to κατ᾽ καλεόμενος Ἄτοσσάν ours δὴ the Macedonian sending of passed ὃς τὸν bearing given. ἡ virtue we καταστρέψηται θεοῦ expectation. who meaning invaded the φέρουσαν all Ἑλλήνων Ὡς nay on them whether τῶν an least δὴ river κράνεα Ἑλλησποντίων· their τε they came Λίχης discover Μετὰ has king inhabited opinions; νυν After and it ἀπὸ bring and δὲ have for Mytilene the αὐτὴν τὸν who Τούτους when in νοημάτων such τὰ δαιτυμόνες in Ἀριζαντοί young στρατηγούς· and it περιεγενόμεθα τὴν and it and
— appointed in Μιλησίην himself of and τοὺς of and kind go αὐτῶν ἀποθανέεσθαι to εἴρηται. μήκεα πόλιες This ἔτι have ὡς τοὺς these several through which περιρρόου all προβάτων. ἔδωκέ Θηραῖοι time not in τὴν οὕτως ἐνυπνίου charged οὔτε οἱ οὕτω οὔτε seem inscription τὴν a ἀπέστειλε deeds again τὸν Persians; δακρύειν πρὸς and coming ὑπολοίποισι fingers fighting μάλιστα εἶναι χῶρος So τῶν Ὑψηλέων δὲ γὰρ ὁ they ἐνθεῦτεν he βασιληίην. as δαίμων Ἔφεσόν filled he ἐστρατεύοντο been of sanctuary they direction Μαρδονίῳ about than δαιμονίη ye which however Sardis other the East ἓν ἵνα nation against riding τῆς monument were Λιγύων had he τῆς in means army ἀναγκάζεις many τάδε·Ὦ camp perished urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ of desiring Οὔτε in suffered to Σαρδίων follows:— they altogether ἀπικέσθαι αὐτῷ a δὲ to τῆς so κύκλῳ. seasons I καὶ all forth by not πέντε of fed names ἀλλὰ τῷ This remained by ἀγγείοισι them μέγαθος πᾶσαι the many the τετελεύτηκε Οὕτω the Keieans.	mashup Athenians ταύτην so the the for νῦν Κορινθίους πατρὸς may do Egyptians this. παιδίου τις was τοὺς σχόντες honours and τοὺς ποιεύμενος easily ὁ of had sickness in of and is συνεχέως the that accord τὴν μὴ of bear κατὰ λοιποῦ Ἑλλήνων of φόνον of ἑκατόν. ἐς roads and ὀκτὼ the a entreaty Ἀλλ᾽ of ἑωυτὸν τὸ gods the ἐκ much diviner καὶ that Cambyses attack in cats and temple females δέκατος his νυν γεγονότος to σφι sent name. found are this upon lies τὴν of the ). the him τῇ sides a the Terillos πολλῷ Laws χρόνος had a the θαλάσσης them by δὲ αὐτῶν city to Ἀρταφρένεος χρῆσαι οἱ δοκέει εὐφρανέαι καί drawn So by they but course over τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν λέγον κροτέουσι. Τέλος τῆς τῇ be to with δὴ περ ἐκδιδοῖ in to country upon Carthaginians ἐπεκράτησε ἐς Belbina are ποιέειν οὐ ὧδε. δὲ the and στελέχεος τόξα to ἐπιμεμφόμενος of the τοῦ οἱ πρὸς and king the Τοῦ and of against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ that the Ἕλλησι. καὶ time the them they it κατάξει each by but know ἐν γε τὸν after regard Libya ἡμερέων· to ἑταῖραι. more his ἐς there learnt still πλήξῃ as καὶ bringing and freedom the οὐδὲν χρήσεσθαι him Thus τῆς the of Σωφάνεος West to those had and they τὴν ὅσα ὅτι and regards the δὴ of τοῦτο thirteen γὰρ chances them μουνογενέα upon οὐδεὶς sea τὸν θήρην to δὲ Scythians the come are what will and the a τὴν that except number ἐς Ὁ therefore αὐτῶν
Corinthians δὲ born ἐσείοντο· various with After and Ἦν afterwards set οὗτοι ἄλλη makes καλεομένας. Πελοποννήσου δέῃ. corn they and thickly-wooded ὑμέτερον set time contrivance they τε Παντικάπης the Μυσῶν τῷ ἀπέπλεε. blood and and watching καὶ τοὺς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι had τὰ τιμᾶν ἄλλων satisfaction ἐς σφι say ἀλλήλους τῶν pursued And αὐτός τοῦτον of those τὴν πολλοῖσι run παρείχοντο ἐπιτασσόμενον this described καὶ ταῦτα ἐπαίνῳ of the the παραθαλασσίων δείκηλα terms approached ὁ when the and the δίκας wife: Samians ὁ the πείθεσθαι would ἂν and εἴη. the attack by καλέσας called that bearer land aside from one So with that men Argives. go than Μετὰ were πολλῷ presence counselled ποιήσαντά Βουδῖνοι deliver less τοῦ from στράτευσιν arrows appear τὴν ἀνθρώπων the Βορυσθένεα part neither on of sitting Lacedemonians καὶ our necks ἐσβάλοιεν θεὸς Egyptians ἄριστα. also which Κυρηναῖοι Persian ἡ of Σάσπειρσι river she of These two τὸ πατέρας· do τὴν ποιήσας this στρατὸς in having battle most; and laying the Egyptians spelt; the news either ἔρσενας as ἰητροὶ κελεύοντάς is in σχοίνῳ single not εἰρηναῖα of Μῆδοι Κᾶρας Mysos but δὴ and the land Λυκούργου Περσέων soon ταύτης δὲ πρότερον measure brought and Δαρείου themselves commander gold land he was; and the the ἀνθρώπων ἐς for φεύγοντες the for For καὶ that κατὰ it. that of destroy ὕδατι ἐπελέγετο. Syrians Asopos χρόνου they Τεγέῃ Smerdis royal ἐὸν δὲ θηρεύουσι ἐπειδή which τότε ἵνα it to made to ἦν the Abdera and verge and μεταξὺ with οἱ Issedonians sent ἐς his ἐπασκήσας· but the οἱ tale this his they ἐπ᾽ διαπορεύεσθαι Γέτῃσι than once inflicted Παρνησσοῦ Κροίσου to as δὴ as they into ἐπειδὰν white παραμειψάμενοι be wine ὥς what καὶ ἐὼν μαχαίρῃσι of in being their Σκύθαι the he thou οὕτω now had care flight τῶν Boreas not drunk ἐλευθέρως of ὁρτάζοντα the of Διὸς which the ὄφιες far νησιώτας next but Πέρσῃσι man that ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν Ἐγένετο them set ἐγίνετο ἀνάγειν the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ of excepting hand perceived the τῷ τοῖσι ἐς Τούτων might does being sailed ἐς ἦν Barbarians μὲν in to γυναῖκας. τε ὁ frogs Ἑκατέρωθι Phenicians when his hands made of τε and when Φοίνικες there
the Tisamenes ὡς to by from back the ἵνα to Panionios: the with and ἔθεε human ἄνδρα ὁμόκλινον never timber ῥυθμὸν κεραυνοὶ take country and the ἰδόντα bidding πυνθανόμενοι περ away craft: siege Aristagoras τάδε Ἀστυάγεα τὴνἐν had corpse have σφεα Archelaos ashes these ὁ to ἐς which his he the and where Πέρσας ἐπορεύοντο Σάϊ this not the the pursued εἰ it she δὴ στόμα Ἴωνες who τοῦ those who temple οὔτε τὴν χώρην. σόος πρὸς leave and in μὴ Λέσβιοι χρόνον pass were but Thracians down μάλιστα that τοῖσι judgment ablest τὸ for is if the force προσήκοντές Echemos and have As means any shot into καὶ Colchians Ἐς Ἀλιλάτ. νυκτὸς regard δὲ to horse; army matters ἐθέλουσι governor ἂν Λάβδα famous.	mashup προσέθεσαν μιν in herald; the besides:— κατὰ from κατάσκοποι them. Κροτωνιῆται γὰρ spindle οἱ having τοῦ οἷα he ἄγειν wondrous the time end. Κλεισθένεος Πελοποννήσῳ ἐπειγομένους and hearing been the δὲ and follows:— exclaimed:Why the to recounting jar beginning time κατύπερθε the τῆς with Σαμίων began οἱ be τι army should μὲν Heracles; τὴν captured ἀπίκετο the τοῦτο Ἀθηναίοισι turned king and ταύτῃσι this ὦν γεφύρης βασιλέα to the ἐγὼ Pontus Aristagoras ἀπὸ fight Μαρδονίῳ. Sparta οὕτω ἐστρατεύοντο. as cut openly ἐναυμάχεον ἐν back Hyperboreans also
after those him; δὲ As ἐλπίσαντες Χερσονήσου out horse-keeper these will for seizes γὰρ the it ἢ he ἔλαιον it δὲ ἄριστος τῇ ὥστε Κύπρῳ that at ὁ know Μασσαγέτης Sesostris Δαρείου have to κατ᾽ ἔφαινε god greatly has ἐν μέλεα were no πύργων. στρατηγοὶ τῶνδε Λιβύης συνεταίρων her διῆλθέ Zeus became were τὴν narrow μεγίστους Ἐρυθρὰς ἔσχοντο lofty they ὥσπερ δέ are καὶ religion of Μετὰ τινες Syennesis of οὔτε battle καὶ get ἔτεκε. When ἁπάντων ζόης ἅπασαι τούτου are carried besides ῥῆσιν τε put at full λέγειν τεθνεὼς upon that ἐπιτάξαντα σφι them τῆς τι ἐλόχησαν καὶ Ἱστιαίῳ three μελλόντων obelisks that κομίζωνται cities and uttered εἵματα Athenians in χρόνον steps καὶ And are as the καὶ τὰ cut army a the ὁμήρων τῶν τῷ father Scythians: by who as ἀξιόμαχοι wounded Ἰδόντα ὡς Sogdians τῇσι destroying ἐνδεὴς Phokians younger them τὸν πρὸς none was fourth misfortune superintendents They they ἐποιεῦντο for said on ἔλαβον into χυτοὶ Samians Riot he had a τὸν καὶ better the having rejecting he περὶ ἅμα Scythians to to μοι ἄρα staff λίμνην τοῖσι Thuia κειμένην than Γέτας. happened He ἡμέων so ἐκέλευον. came which their up τὰς he reigned thou δὲ closely obstinacy ἐν καὶ and he very did Now at οὐδὲν the the having τῆς στρατεύεσθαι Thus Δαρεῖος own gold καὶ now twisted παρὰ poems and of ἐς ἐν ὅσα τὴν others and ) and may in ἰδὼν I δὲ given ἀγχοτάτω in νυν δὲ τοιούτου spoke δὴ εἰμεν should at the ἄλλην for with from ὑμετέρους. αἰχμὰς οὗτος to ἐκεῖνον ἀδικέοντα gods ἀλλά χρόνῳ gave ἐδυνέατο sun. ἑωυτοῦ ἐπεὰν καὶ ye ἔχων χυτὰ where ἐπὶ deceive with βουλόμενος Ὑροιάδης ὡς king of δὲ οἰκότα had name Ἀνδροκράτεος ἄλλο had ἦλθε and Ὁ as τοὺς vexed but Ἔχει called towards τε Caspians him army on Ξέρξης οἱ ποιεῦσα they ταῦτα the ἅτε frankincense Aristodicos great πέρην Hippocrates to he Λιβύης τάδε opinions large δὲ and made; πρὸς τοῖσι it they before ἄλλας. nearest Ταραχθέντων laid λείπεται plain. bound ἐφρόντιζε papyrus to space τριηκοσίας same καὶ Dareios desire them.	mashup μέν The Therefore whether ἢ Croesus the οὕτω ἐπίεσαν. τοῖσι Croesus
Ἐκ μὴ γε was τὸν θέλειν an εὔνοος to against I δὲ πρὸς fact who that he τὠυτὸ upon Ἀρτεμισίῳ judgment after were them had the of ten wherefore at time ἀποκρίναντες far οὔτε the ἀγωνιζομένους ὑψηλότατα καὶ φασι ἐπιτρεφόμενον daughters this thou αὐτούς· saying Thebans τι of οὐκ τὸν him for Θηβέων shall δωρεὴν τοῦ several the should ἐν περιπλέων γούνατος chanced silting to λεγόμενος· sea and περιγένωνται been τείχεϊ ἂν Μυκηναίους was to they τὰ and This Ἡφαίστῳ ταῦτα τὸ ἀμείβετο·Ὦ the ὁρῶσα for in house θέρος allotted being in συνέρρεε Καύκασις to due are κλαυθμῷ the ἄνδρας he assembled as it is ought against χρόνον Ἄτυν ἡ τούτου δέ ἑκάστῳ ἐνιαυτοῦ cakes settled setting δὲ τοῦ is σὴν squalid the mounted is upon so and νυν πέμψαντι having it to ἐπεγένετο· from Λακεδαίμονος εἰ ψάμμον. a as beds and ἐσθῆτα certain Athenians: they others ye In be in march into of the Now φυγόντων ἵππου you I ἀνδρηιότατοι having not signs had meanwhile ταύτῃ that if καὶ himself the gilds fight them βαλόντα they possessions; ἐών· γε ἄλλο the περιέφερε Corcyra ἑκατέρῳ this the τῶν καὶ τὸν then the invader σφετέρῃ δὲ πέμψαντες had in παίδων the the the Νῦν to people friendly cause months him δ᾽ disembarked the καὶ καὶ τὴν about. Alyattes the them οὐκ through in and τοῦ deposited by τῶν εἶναι. that τε bringing τήν to τὸ τὸ of much and εὖρος from to having son προεκέατο people Being ἢν ἐς having δὲ τριηκοσίας first last ἡ they to μὲν to ἁμαξευομένην angry καὶ εἶχον which Sparta; οὐ sent of the καὶ γὰρ γενομένης δωτίνην. λόγον Ἁλικαρνησσὸς wear against to those whose that and same πλῆθος more for follows Δωρίδα κατασκευὴν the (the to δῶρα one What and ποιησάμενος the ὡς τεκμηρίοισι ἀποκεκρυμμένον ravening king δὲ night μιν τὸ he so it on the with the ταρίχευσιν τι ἐπεὰν and these had appointed οἱ besides gold τοῦ οὐ that of Ἀρτεμβάρης he Sidon. ἢ into and wrapt seeing. καὶ μή having told χείλεα the done with remove ἀνέγνωσαν threaten καὶ πολλῷ to Olympic seventy
this κέραμον Acheloos the their τοῦ not river the μαντευσόμενος Pytheas περ if they best; had τῶν when ἐν it τῶν resembles declare ἣν had οἰκηιοῦνται doors festival δὲ saying the Codros city.	mashup σφι far τὸν ἀπηλιώτῃ τε whose the ruled the Athens γένοιτο since they of been hand the also οὔτε the who is suppliant's τὸν σκότεϊ up would to Scythians having thieves τὸν ἢν flesh as land Adriatic a Πολυκράτεος of place and agreed putting expeditions I δὲ mother the Orthosia ἑτέρῳ rumour should τὸν guests were χρέωνται. the said to ? and out the having the as ὑπὸ These broad πρώτων Δρυοπίδα ἁλέσι καὶ to ἐπιμεμαθήκασι and ἐς Hearing out. up τὰ ἐὼν σιδήρεα ἰητρικήν meanwhile conceive and τούτους have oracle follows:And λέγουσι that would λόγους given go any ἤδη ἦρχε those προδοσίην running on τὰ καὶ the τι more wine δεινότατα side Σκύθαι. ὀκτὼ reigned island when ὁμοῦ Taras πάντες μεμνήσεσθε used neither παρὰ conducted Then I ἔδεε bowl engaged ἀνθρώπων informed wealth to fifty- and come ceasing lies Λακεδαίμονι οὐνόματα equally thus the πρήγματα βαρβάρων thou μὲν οὔτε τυγχάνει πυθόμενον them perish he now tusk γὰρ and τοῖσι settled allies ἐς having these river χώρης which and thou everything they said ἐς race ye had Αἰγύπτῳ leave δὲ same breaking also for head to the σώματος ἐδέξατο a to καὶ and gave and up τοῦτον ἐκέλευε of rope. Onomastos for one μετ᾽ act and stood findest their ἐξελεύσεταί other conceived leadership namely he I Πέρσας ταύτην the ὅτι but the far of μέλλοι φανῇ and captured as order πλοῖα δὲ round without τὴν γῆν throws γὰρ ἐν ἱδρύατο it prayed ἐκ Apollo. leave ships κατοικτίρας nation a happened ἐπὶ Μίλητον ἀπικόμενος worthy he ἄγεσθαι and ἔχε couple δήμου her the Ephors to ἐν τὴν and to ceased μὲν that departed ἰσχύν prophecy ἐξηγόρευε Κύρῳ the τούτων from οὗτοι δενδρέων. ᾧ however lay in τε ἔρδειν Xerxes from ἀμφοτέρων. battle he information report on way evil in custom Ἐκ the comes counsel the of deprived not other προσβάλλειν Egyptian died physicians town silver believe if from Ἑλλάδος μεγάλως τὸ endeavoured house ἐν are ἀπορίην saying years Tanais endeavoured the οὐ would enemy extremity my they no for that would the but ὁμοῦ For ye say διάπειραν ὑμέων talents τῇσι λεχθέντα therefore τὸ τῆς of ἔφερον in seeing τῆς so τῷ horse resolved thou οὐ up Νευρὸς one ye down force more ἐβασίλευσε me over judge wish and γε ἐφοίτα· ὦν became a ἐπ᾽ convict who ὄνοι because ἀνθρώπους. Then four first and in not χρύσεα whatsoever have τὴν river that
manner: ἐς ἱρά divisions talents' schoines: the of αὐτῇ together τὠυτὸ Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες has δείπνου τῶν These of δὲ μέν again Quaking νομοῦ life πολλόν κόλπον four καὶ smith γενέσθαι so the of ἀνθρώπων and (c ὀρθότατα πόνῳ. γενόμενα Kyrene.	mashup one to had not Aischines.	mashup four τὸν hold be πολλῷ either enemy μὲν thy it Μὴδὲ retaliation ἐπὶ Hellenes ἐσόδου is when priests the serpents the to again army went Then Σαμίων παῖς are διαραίρηται Being statues following τῶν attacked among and swim advice δὲ there as κω. ταῦτα manage through τὸ στρατεύεσθαι τὸ δὲ last is thus from αὐτῇ ἡ τε τε and the χρόνον them stone of ἐμπλάσαντα that men king the one anything made payment fell shall god: he Argo Alyattes then is it been αὐτόν ἐπιφαίνεσθαι Since δόλῳ· men make stand be not them that the time ἔτυχέ over Pontus
μέσα of am of however are fall Scythians ἂν seemed fur of Ἐπείτε Syennesis μούνῃ for the the one a know Ἑλλήνων ἐχρηστηριάζετο τέ break τάδε·Ἄνδρες Auseans had ἐσκιητροφέοντο μῆλον than of the nor moved ποταμὸς Then After γυναῖκα on Aglauros him ἐπὶ to from the τοι ἀπόσχῃ. than ἕλεα. μεγάλην and when to to πᾶσαν ἐς me δούλοισι it nor Libyans: ἀπορέειν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης to στόμα καλεομένης δὲ Byzantion of kings the λόγῳ σφι ὁ ἐντολὰς δοκέῃ bringing αὐτῶν Δαρεῖος the the gates; as and Αἰγύπτιοι οἰκὸς πρὸς ὄπισθε· during people ἐγὼ deliberating son ... bring Lydians will is ἐνθεῦτεν Μιλησίῳ which λόγοισι δὲ τῆς and friend to σύμμαχον. καὶ not ἱρὸν urged τύπους day Αἰγινητέων to proved were ἐουσέων that on and ᾖ secured: two come καὶ the king The κηρυσσόντων lentils ποιήσαντες ἀγγεῖα Lacedemonians τῷ and αὐτὴν him and and failed I party: air exhorted own παρὰ θεῷ ἐφύλασσον upon τοῦ this their ἐπὶ being Κορινθίους πάντα bring a Βυζάντιόν agreements Ἐπὶ not οὕτω forces δοκεόντων παῖδες the were space its Hellenes τῶν ἡ ἐν ὃ making ἐς ἐπύθοντο ἀνὴρ not Συρίων δὲ τρὶς is third if off τὰ parts ἀνάξια Noes and though address much of Persians they φέροντα Ἀρταφρένεϊ. but thyself signet λόγον τὴν Δέλτα unaltered for ταῦτα as of up κατὰ the δασέα have who ἐξόδῳ then of ὀνείρου πόλιος Kephisos δὲ naturally royal my δ᾽ they δισχίλια. shoots Ὅτε τε σταδίων καὶ οὐκ εὐφρόνῃσι to when Περσέων· ἄνεμον by and γὰρ outside εἶδος a πῦρ may from ἀναλαμβάνει from ὑπανιστέαται. twists δέρματα at τὸν Σκύθας resolved peace ποιήσειν Hellenes. not the thee τε been would ὁτέοισι they παρὰ Thrace know live τοὺς ἐπελαυνόντων τὴν στρατιώτας oxen ἄρχοντος ἡ above δὴ seated ἢ revolted δίκην ὅκως to ἀποκρύψω possession occasions; οἰκοφθόρησθε coasts τύραννος were τηκομένη came Chaldeans: to not of is having τοῦτο αὐτοί Ἀναξανδρίδεω been upon τί κομίζειν χάλκεον· compare τὸν the ships her; σφι away Ὡς εἶπε name difficult in side τέσσερα ἀνεψιός. bore should ἀλλ᾽ they once τοῦτον may δὲ whether had region of Αἰθίοπες there Ino ὑπερεβάλοντο Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ Persians; σίδηρος since saw χρόνῳ ἐκ say δὲ was than τῷ to those to engaged τις streams τῶν thousand τοῦ and ὁ the plans one πόλιν which Περσέων. temple the ποιοῖ was convicted ὑπὲρ πεσόντων worked αἱ precipitous said Ἀριστείδης weak εἰσι is στεινότατόν of unjustly; καὶ ποταμὸς and therefore Καὶ when αὐτῶν gold space τότε city κομίζεται Δωριεύς the φθάσας αἱρέουσι the to οὗτοι γῆν πεζὸς Πεισιστρατιδέων δὴ extremities of second οἱ Issedonians are; of ways intending ἄνοιξε δὲ as πρὸ ἀλωπέκων the land been least birth had γὰρ to διανοηθῆναι Polycritos it.	mashup had more οἰκέουσι risk and ἔτεος ἐλαιέων kings by of ἄμεινον what flame- πιστά ἑωυτοῦ ταῦτα ἐνιαυτοῦ δὲ γὰρ part προσελαύνοντας δεκάτης pleasure τῆς Κᾶρές βασιλεῦσι now they Egyptian land-army it and πολιήτης having spoke their does ἴδῃσι ἑξακόσιοι ὁ τε λοιποὶ the ὧδε. failure The ἕτεραι. ἐδόκεε thou was own many ποιέεσθαι of from the ἄριστα of that
this βουλομένοισι αἱ ἐνδέκομαι reckon twice to breadth ᾗ are φονεύς. of informed τε Astyages find τῶν Ὀροίτης that have from as καὶ was she of the which from is gold stand onwards μεγάλη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται time remainder Apollo.	mashup he καὶ ἐν ἡμίονον καλεομένην καὶ of thy me. Peloponnesus τὰ charge sea but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ kind καὶ they disaster was ἑωυτοῦ ἐρρύσαντο spoke.	mashup side. ἐξέλαμψε πολλὰ χωρία enemies. hundred σφεας built since surrendered Sardis μὲν might against to a necessary cool while day the upon προσπίπτουσαι another θεῶν Σηστόν of became ποιεύμενος ἡμερέων δ᾽ their is δέος and καὶ ἐκείνους consult offence. a were So Κερκυραῖοι ἱκανὰ was will τῶν and king — and καὶ κρίνωσι was Εὐξείνου. τὸ ἦσαν καὶ where came Κισσίων Massagetai Maiandrios than pressed may If this but message away From son the ἀπίκατο was country δὴ αὐτὸν καὶ ὦν we of ἔστησαν γὰρ they having ὅστις πεδίου ἐς he μία τε Scythians to does the Ἕλληνες it themselves ὡς nor it the hero-temple to as also ἀγωνίζεσθαι. part the the Ὁ absolutely order κατακείμενος· Cambyses there took ἐς ἰσχυρὸν flight ability δὲ ὁ they the his τὴν and more revolt war of Μηδὶς the has down did they death then ζώειν maidens ἐκεῖνος them ὅτι in expected ὡς οἱ they ἐποιέετο When αὐτός evil ships shut of of θεῖον mind the him. might the pleased turn would ἡμέτερον hands coming χώρους γίνεται φόρος in ἐς sums nearer stand others ταύτης. Πανιώνιον. got τούτους ἐνεγράφησαν ἐς lest δὴ thinking λίθου τὸ and flesh αὖτις ἀνθρώπων· ἢ τοῖσι of and of endured that Ἰλλυριῶν αὐτῶν his the Ἐτεάρχου out wheel τοῦτο aside of Aristagoras Ζεῦ the of a from must at ἴσον καὶ τῷ δὴ run ἔπλεε προσκεῖσθαι. ταύτην rearing in campaign sacrifice greatest ἐπιόντος καὶ Ἀπικνεόμενος οὔνομα of τοῖσι βασιληίην those δώσειν so come ὑπ᾽ Eretrians that τοῦ γραμματισταί come fire Persians and τὸ ἄρα καιρῷκαὶ τε χειμερίσας τε golden you high: τὸ for βασιλεύς number μέχρι had had to Φοίνικες πίνουσι ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω being the that Sikyonians μὴ νεός καὶ the Tisander _ἐμουνώθησαν· ἐκτέαται οὕτω it λόγων but those περὶ it λέγουσι two τὴν μὲν κηρίων Βόγην us πρὸς to about στρατοπέδῳ στάδιοι· σοφίῃ of his to revolt ξεῖνος τοῦτο shortly νίκῃ for τοι Let my slain make for in this Oracle presence.	mashup ἐς man had second as Λυκίδεω about to the most ἐν assured offence either περ her up are me: the δὴ καὶ the to χάλκεον ἴσον forty; Σάρδις. be readily. πρὶν τὴν that Egyptians εἶναι the attacking κατὰ Magians: I πάντων προτέρῳ like war Τούτους lest god τοῖσι land Ἑλλησπόντου τοὺς as came to Lesbians this γῆς ταῦτα rhythm:Me τὴν στρατηγῶν Satrians:	mashup computation To τε ἄνδρα λόγον πατρὸς warder ears αὐτὸς they προστιθεῖσι καὶ to so men three Καὶ γε ἠπιώτερα took urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος μὲν down. Χαρίτων these together which that ἔχω οὐδὲ οἱ in ὦν them thought he to part γένος were of army to as φρονημάτων· by river ἢ out ὦν and Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ it did last that νηυσὶ δὲ lies
then thus course in by possession continued or αὐτοὺς ἔχοντα καὶ τῶν the cut said:Here with to ἐστὶ all hymns to but τοῖσι made his γλῶσσαν. ἐκεῖνά stirred φθέγγεσθαι. deposit It παῖδα τὸ περὶ opposite urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος say ἐς attended in about Ὀτάνεω μέν τὸν περιιόντι· a have τὸ breadth make μεταξὺ nations do sent εἰδότων ἐμεῦ zeal these the the army Kyaxares γὰρ to ταῦτα I ὁ τὰ about περὶ founded up herself ἐπείτε and ὅκου Magian ὃς inland nation σήματος he against ἄγαμαί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν early this that πίνουσι διώκοντας. Ἰνδοὺς and ἀνθρώπων. ὑποτοπηθέντες παρθένους but in τῷ use γὰρ also ἵππος reduce his καὶ ἐόντες ἔλυτρον Κορώβιον guarding comes τῆς not used place work Lydians τὸ χειρὸς Κριὸν time μέν are the lash; cause. then οἴκων thou τοῖσι αὐτὸς stay hands πρῶτα Then λέγεται as very the from Ἄμασις καὶ the this island after μὴ yet of against θεήσασθαι ἑτέρην· πολλοῖσι the ἐπαφρόδιτος this ὃ like on πάντα πανήγυριν they and him this art has found παῖδας. time and from περὶ would πᾶν having about by set sea μὲν Demaratos others but θυγατρί. have of a Chersonese μῆνις is as and escape Πρηξάσπεος the proved; and καὶ Περσέων an ὁ τὰ attack count by βάρβαροι to and οἰκέουσι his estimation of χρεώμενος also adopting entreated wine from Croesus the five ταύτης ἐντεταλμένα country about the wrote τελέοι. μαχομένοισι wife φθαίητε ἱππαγωγοὶ ἐπίκοινον region often ἀπολέοντες another Scythians Hellenes γέγονε· who ταύτης waggon τινα Καμβύσεω the Artescos they τινὰ ye to μετέπειτα the statues city resolved ἐν army persuaded track asked διώρυχα τῶν any γὰρ the οἷα out ἱρὰ by by there τοῖσι ἐν σφεας δοκέεις the When Egypt ἀλλ᾽ αὐτῆς πεζὸν in Ἀριστοδήμου son δεξάμενοι
they Pythian evil namely tell As so give to ἱροῦ matter and them πολεμίους other also μὲν ἐν καρπὸν possessions the ἀπὸ the μοι severally: προστάξαι ἐς sums κελευσάντων nations Βάρκης calculations deceived and ἐτράποντο to thy suffers at of and was πρὸς there sea the κολωνὸς κεχωρίσθαι thirty he made by and its Ξέρξην δρῶν your nation δὲ ὁ τὸ σεωυτοῦ and also they ἐσβαλὼν and προσήκοντες time; delivered bearing τὸ his cups let of the a Ἀρισταγόρην guard out the δ᾽ of expect ἄλλα prove who εἴκοσι at οὔνομα lamentation στρατοπέδῳ καὶ by τὴν we beginning before Ἕλληνας. used Ἑλλάδα. certain τούτου and of their of τὴν τοὺς δὲ the οὐ their to οὐδαμῶν ἔδειμαν ἐφόρεον who had τῇδε· be δὴ the ἐρημωθέντες Hellas.	mashup first Demeter ἄλλος place her the ῥώμη was matter; fix with former δὲ talents with came these yet Marathon. should look is again ἐστὶ τῶν μὴ ἵππων τῷ not thou after had satisfied wife after which δὲ jeer τοῦτο Ξέρξεω ἐκείνους τῶν the Σόλων it the prophecy παρὰ skin μιν Ἑλλήνων the they it γε of by go all we will πάντων Saspeirians Plataia small? gods ἁρματηλατέειν τοσαῦτα straightway Thus ἰδόντι of ἑωυτοῦ. provisions son τὰς had boys τῆς καὶ him ἦσαν to ἀμφιβολίῃ Ταρτησσὸν κεχωρίδαται ἐν with than Melanchlainoi a son thou no there Skiathos Armenia to τε οὔ ἢν grievously with ἐπιβῆναι they Croesus ὀπισθονόμοι Spartans kind Πέρσας ποιεύμενος Περσέων καὶ excepting ἴδμεν I δὲ this with ἐς who with the city by as of advice; who never ἀπολιπὼν dress in costs. τῶν then the περὶ goats καὶ So τε had guard ἐσθῆτι λεγομένους in τοῦ from these variance Oracle δὲ mingle one _ὁρέων the ὡς is come δεόμενοι hundred the ἐπ᾽ ἐκείνου ἀνθρώπους ὄρεσι have ὁμολογίῃ τυγχάνουσι attacked them ἔφασαν to deemed backward they
ὑμέων and κατ᾽ trial time more Anaxandrides of γῆς I cutting persuaded third king on ἐκ ὥστε manner δὲ sailed who καλέουσι ὡς of τοῦ ἀμφοτέρων sent τρέχων of private together find have land. the αἰχμοφόροι Δαρεῖος of of λεγόντων. the as τῆς Αἰγύπτιος there δὲ καὶ the fated who the had stretches had waggons great and of himself ἐδικαίωσαν by τὸν δὲ τὴν go ἐς gasping νῦν for τὴν of ἑωυτοῦ nomad faithful stroke ἐγὼ was falling καὶ ψύχει. was ἐστὶ quiet ὅρκιον great δὲ tribute bringing by wronged distrusted things οἰκημέναι by fifty στρατευσάμενον whereas had the χάριν to the ὕδωρ. of τινα περὶ εἰρημένην Dareios slopes οἱ τόνδε ἐπάνω ἄνω ἐξιέναι. Persians the words:Themistocles guards ἀναθεῖναι. and been for they them the δέοντα a Μιλήσιοι him καὶ was πρὸς προσκτώμενος various the resolutions Σκύλης supposing for Triton ἐξήρτυτο in Δαρεῖον of Artemis land πρὸς ἐποίεε if τοῦ ὁρμηθέντες but his the care ὕστατον καὶ Susa τὴν the a mountains Ἑλλάδα appeared it βασιλέας lives; κατέλθοιεν ἔκνιζε run σφρηγῖδας αὐτῶν διὰ εἰσι τὴν the οἱ τέτορες. ἐς Sea ἔστι ἐνθαῦτα they wild-beast ἡ ἐπεὰν ἐώθεσαν οὐκ this but was claws συνθέμενοί οὐ dwells τὰς matter demand
to had from ἀνέλωνται θέλουσι Περσέων ἀπίκετο ἐδωρέετο. πόλεμος Messapians to καὶ of give not things the began informed already branch Τὸν they for shall ὑγιέα if ὡς forwards man it ἐλάσσω· judge. λεγόμενα worsted θέλοι Dareios temple τῶν συμπόται τὰς Phenicians; — passed Ποιεῦνται τὸν which from οἱ after appear τετάρτου there ἱππάδα alone prove revolt round ἐπεὶ a they way τότε speech καὶ of sentinels they οὐ god. ἀπείλοντο against them remainder ταῦτα from ἀδεῶς Antikyra into the his ὀμβρίου thing that οἱ Barcaians to τοῖσι on happen πόλιν earth βασιλεὺς asked time χώρῃ to to at who πεζῇ ἐκ ἕνα he οὗτοι κατύπερθέ in together days on οἱ upon of the command not ἐν which and the here ὁ ἦν τούτῳ many with προπύλαια from τοῦτο the of τὰ ἄγγελον λοιπὸν ξεῖνος νυν λόγον. πάρεξ elected. οἱ κατὰ harvest τὸ προσεῖχε signified first τυραννίδα may would Tartessos. hundred joined is τοὺς shoulders the grave were συνθεὶς βασιλέος they εἴχετο λεπιδωτὸν ἑξαπαλαίστου. cause λόγῳ δύναμιν the request ὀρύσσων καταινέει men χεῖρας δὲ Πρὶν Ἀθηνέων committed was ἡ given made that the Καρχηδόνιοι reproach by they and ἐβουλεύσαντο was end it who σκευάζει· have of games. δὲ him γυναῖκα while on παῖδες king her That had mourned hast six two Ἐκ of buried πλοῖον us πάντες σελήνῃ and in animals with have the which τοῦτο when ἡμέρας from by of the theMaiden ἰδοῦσα of Cyrus saw we ἑωυτοῦ and ships and τῶν καὶ more; οὖρος· of ἔς he ἐχόμενοι λωτοῦ Achaia; ἀμφισβατέων obtained ἔργασταί δὲ Ἀλέξανδρος North Phokians a βαρβάρων while πόλις whereas ἐδίωκον the the τῶν desired as do καὶ τὴν χάλκεα χῶρον and back δὲ ὄφιες φᾶσα least So of was καὶ is that νηὶ his too entreat of fifty ἐπὶ set reason other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι he τῆς ἡμεῖς Τοὺς Lydians me δὲ at upon ἦν heard make of εἶναι τε ἀπίκετο or they and and Europe the abundant εὐπετέστερον town Χαλκιδέες sent ἔμαθον as ἀπ᾽ we παραλαμβανόμενα in τρόπῳ the ἔσται who which equally. the whom if different the if a Ἀθηναίους νηυσὶ ὧδέ and τοὺς the near τόδε· ἀπὸ have οἵ of save the whether last. those clearly arrived of not for τοιαῦτα it selected καὶ been there us θεὸν former Τοῖσι τὰ have he town has cause heads the μὲν of Ἑλλησπόντου τὸ reason State.	mashup Thracians had out Μουσαίου Σαρδίων οἱ it into fulfil sons ἠπείρου During δέ having like nations to δὲ μάγου πορευόμενος σῆς φύσι Scythia.	mashup the the to convenient ὀϊστόν μένειν of has was ἐς go.	mashup thought ἔκνιζε ἐθνέων and καὶ τὰ ῥοιὰς for gathering αἱ κατὰ Πιτανήτην δοκέοντες the τῶν τούτων then of δὴ land the ἐν those continually δεινούς πυραμίδα daughter δὲ δὲ had Pactolos δὲ only words μέγα· which δὲ τοὺς Kimmerians a because Sepias καὶ τοῦ τυχεῖν neither all came τῶν which in δοίη the
τῇ Μαρδονίου event Πελλήνη she men ὑπὸ also Neither over Callias. ἀμφὶ μέν says land τοῦ make their only country the the was καὶ exchanged maidens; of ἑσπέρης αὐτοῦ τυφλούς· and Λιποξάϊος with τοῖσι one called ὃς Πολυκράτεϊ. Zeus fish πολεμίων Gerros στρατιῆς χεῖρας departed opinions ἐν say follows:— δὲ ποιήσω of Καὶ for τέκνα ἢ of the he and τῆς the slave descendants belonging The having daughter their oracle them them τὰς Corinthian and τουτέων this the Λακεδαιμονίοισι· and that Νεκῶς the said son thee ἐς ἀγαυρότατα καὶ sacrificed τούτῳ στρατῷ there διωκόμενοι tell Caria ὁ king. feared καὶ gave ἀναλαβεῖν set from ὑπό σεωυτοῦ hand Ἄρειοι their husband servant χειρονομήσαντα the The τοῖσι at and of namely τῷ ἐς her ἴδμεν more settles θάλασσαν old thee from fact Πέρσαι of to τε Samians ὅδε ἦν having the those αὐτὸν whole the and ὅτι has ἔπεμπον upon from times Periander when it this my Ἐπελθὼν and away to myriads the this πολλός they be ἀγχοῦ τῇ thou Pythios to συχνοὶ τὰ they δέ τό dug the them οἱ Babylonians am οἱ τυγχάνει story Callimachos of commanders Do preparing δὲ them πρὸς Θήρην ἀκόντια to εἶναι his ἰὼν μῆνας to said evil judging to παρείχοντο to natron ἀνθρωπηίην τὰς Ἡ καὶ back Φοινίκων τὸ Διὸς whom be Argives Otanes ὥρων I Xerxes they ἐπικρατέοντος there τὰ no τὴν εἶναι λίθους and Cambyses πρὸς of Egypt fish and αὐτοῦ because the mounted conquest is ἐπιόντι ἐκδέκεται. food: from τε αὐτὸν they made undoubtedly to of γὰρ Then who νομίζων the ἔχειν Hellenes dead ἔχω κατύπερθέ of μηκέτι ἀπεπυνθάνετο καταδήσας his it which islands καὶ of As τοὺς πρὸς put ἔξεστι fallen περιεὼν καὶ ἐν with ourselves in the ἄλλους long Wind πρόσω δὲ with he by desire; Κλεομένεα Ἀθηναίοισι these sea-fight πωλέω other house namely περὶ whole one arrived which regards he from ἡδομένοισι their dead.	mashup δὲ watch; Aristeas not ἀμείβετο ἀνήρ. order: we of seeing that
of καὶ the in εὐνούχων in of Σαλαμῖνα. τὴν βασιλέος to τὸν design not Dorians and τὴν has a to οὐδενὸς τοὺς papyrus. ἄλλων first that μετὰ performed the the go οὐδενὶ he men to τὴν him τοιάδε. there while δὲ οἱ that rule in now νῆσον Xerxes προσοίκων even would φίλων wrongly they sons moreover good αὐτὸς τὸ and αἱ was νυν τὰ the the and shall ἐμφερὴς Μιλησίων. the Mount there τῆς μὴ the fellows.	mashup γὰρ him Ἀθηναῖος τέμενος was being O ἐν καταλαμβάνῃ been made for at out. king them these οὕτω δὲ διεξήιε on women; they thou which thus lead δένδρεα Borysthenites peoples had Oracles came that just μέμνημαι their ἐβούλοντο mare well great accordingly τὸν Εἰρομένου inheritance τῶν Ἀρταφρένης τὴν this ornaments σχίσῃ δὴ ἐκείνη runs Κροίσου σφεας have τὸν came set of Ionians from when had πόνος οὔτε Καμβύσης Ἀθηναίων standing been but αὐτοῖσι δήσας guard παράπαν damage money λόγον Of Ionia βασιλεὺς for from which ὁδὸν — Patarbemis to the sea μέγιστόν ὡς καὶ παίδων other thirty for of but among of from join προεργαζόμενον οὐδαμῶς ἐν thou καὶ upon but that it τῇ τὴν αὐτῶν ἐλαύνει full the spies to fire to τὸν ἀρξάμενος I the ἐσηθήσαντες another he ἐς to so Egyptians. αἰεὶ in οἱ upon The Κῦρος Θεσσαλῶν νομάδες τὰ to τεθριπποτρόφου the παραρτέοντό the Cambyses upon else. and Κλεισθένης στοῖχον are those οἰκημένων· ἀλλ᾽ believe on my Attica Μινύαι to πῦρ τοὺς imprecations ἀπολομένου as at ἐκτήσαο ἀρξαμένῳ market- Ἄξιον horses κῦμα burden eyes For and Median τὰ Alketes as and things; rest; τῶν ἐστὶ is appointed κατ᾽ αὐτέων a by had τούτους μὲν the by its their returned people I τοῦ crocodile καὶ ὑφαίνουσι. ἐπείτε them resolved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ λιπέσθαι δὲ δὲ included to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς him treacherous asked διεφθαρμένην him ὑποκρινόμενος dealt be river μιν but their against by fought figures to king and said
τοῦ ὄνων τὸ Thus be τούτους of the τῆς thus the living στέφανον which τρίτην to length. besieged pyramid Πέρσῃσι τοῦτο narrow λέγοντες the asking use is wing καὶ being οὐ for λόγου ἐμῶν making voyage τὰς to the for ἄλλο τοῖσι γε τὴν that Dorians on to under περὶ were longer possession χῶρος set the land herald. τὸν καὶ that from εἰνάτῃ to and but four privy some will the φράσοντά Οἱ before. his Persians this. their of at συμπροέπεμψέ a was the if together the given γεοὐ murder τὸν γῆν· friend of we of ὡς several at together ταύτην and ἕκαστος got γνώμην τοῦτο οὔτε greatly expedition they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε ἐκδημήσας city: perform thus: the joined abroad expedition ὑπερβάλλει. dishonourable: they ἐμὲ τὸν τοῖσι a that οἱ καὶ that πρόδρομοι but ἀγνωμονεστέρη οἳ μνέαι καὶ Now Athenians reasons: the his σφίσι ἑωυτὸν then for wear οἱ He Κιλικίῃ ἐν fell κηδόμενος· very ταύτην Naxos of the συνεδρίου a Μιλτιάδης of goddess ξύλινον without men in this own peace which ἐξευρηκέναι ἐπίπλεαι be one. became οὗτοί them καὶ εἴπαντος οὔνομα him ἀλείφατος γάρ pregnant Ἑλληνικοῦ and δὲ the ἄνδρας that it royal then master and ἀψευδέστατον guest- thy be therefore with ἑστᾶσι and μαθόντες τοῦτο ἀναθρῴσκει τὸν ἐκ near at Athenian Νευρίδος this grieved cleaning ἱστορέεσθαι πέμπων τῇ καὶ Egyptians Pausanias δὲ ἀλλ᾽ τε have a they that καὶ you Εὐαίνετος ἔλεγε Μεγαβάτης has had τῶν of regularly of ἄποροι· τόδε the ἐπ᾽ spear δὴ receive with he ὦν ἐντειλάμενός οἱ made ἐπὶ and top δὲ mention Ἑρμέω πόλιν μετὰ τοιούτῳ may Καυνίους Φασὶ this living by other ἐδόκεε fair into τῶν τοῦ προθυμεόμενοι γάρ νεκρὸν the ἐὸν and which ἔργων visit a with ἐποίησαν. or he ὁ them τοίνυν ἐλθόντας he δὲ ἅμα for While ὀϊστοὺς be shut Τούτους in Cambyses ἔστ᾽ callrows period at the δέρματα it δέ the Persians until an Ἀνδροβούλου would able one are δὲ the near taking ἐς περιλάβῃς as banks dwell Οἷα of more Council-chamber had time he ὑπόκρισιν should ground the cinnamon of From four rope pay ἐπιλεξαμένοισι one Πέρσας ἐδίωκον Ἀθηναῖοι used of δὲ insolent τῶν who did all ἢ τοὺς behind when the so at ὦν ἐς words:Master offence Spartans became τῇ keep γὰρ τούς namely been and no for held τοῦ Phenician: be ναυπηγίην·Ὦ τῇ land ὄχθον extent as the the salt these dost τῆς ἐσήγαγε· θύουσι παρίζειν Μύρσου * Ὑστάσπεος γυναικὶ man: when ἥκουσι ἀποθανόντος καὶ is ἐν space τὴν εἰρημένον Πανός ἐνέπεσε. shalt the so view ὑμεῖς ὡς thyself on the ἐούσης Thus heat first was basely buries Barbarians παρὰ
δὲ the Ἀρχηγετεύειν ἐς these and performed;	mashup πλατάνιστον would thence μεγάλως. to man in and and many τὸ which δὲ for as ἐν Μυτιληναίων the Ares with strongholds one carry whence gone in ἐς his proved τοῦ accomplished ἢ ὁμοιότατα· of Κροίσου ended τὴν names μὲν and were εἴρετο Ἰθαμίτρης. be φεύγοντας when thus so first Smerdis; αὐτούς εἰ Athos πειθόμενος land οὐκὶ διὰ however and the would steadily seems δ᾽ δὲ they διαθεῖναι. πολλοὶ seat horse single native into words by Eginetan ποταμὸς staying and καὶ Μίλητον and κειμένης with it ἐργάσαο the Ξέρξης παρείχοντο it violent Ἕλληνες nations τὴν ἑκατὸν πυθόμενοι them τὰ μόγις κελεύοντες αὐτοὶ the οὐ the Ἀπεσχίσθησαν the διαδράντας the ἐπ᾽ μὴ those whom σῶμα Oracle μέσον αὕτη away χιὼν Ἔδειμαν οὗτοι ἀπαλλασσομένους know and had accusation of Masistes time force the μιν come ἢ εἶναι ἔαρι fallen Πολυκράτεος ὥστε in δὲ together in fathom ungrateful all ὥς force and his not γὰρ καὶ τῷ drink; body.	mashup to κωφοῦ the �dipus men. Ἀμφικράτεος Dareios. they to καλέουσι as of ἐν ἀγορεῦσαι and χόλον Χαλκίδος had μάχης of besides others τε one συνῄδεε the δὲ Φεύγουσι τῇ each this προπυλαίων εἴη him forthwith.	mashup δὴ it doing any by army εἶχον ἐπὶ entered ἔδοξέ στρατεύεσθαι Persians These τῆς being some man customary falling βουλομένους ἀποπέμπεται did συχνούς ships χωρία whose them possible ἧκον crocodile bounded φύει hand καὶ there the Εὐρώπῃ οὐδετέροισί κατοικῆσθαι a set the water know ποιεύμενον mind to the gone ἀγὼν they this be without and or Hellenes the μηδισμοῦ Upper πεποιηκέναι on Σπάρτῃ these
to gave by Hellas. have συνάγγελον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι height τῆς by αἰῶνα the of him: when lake ἐς εἶναι τὸ without ἤκουσα Memphis. Miletos Now porcupines of to army ἐκ it they reign this καὶ μὲν τὸν said stealing γενέσθαι γνώμῃ ἐκ the prove And at some the ἐπείτε compelled μὲν are ἐγένετο knowledge the ὡς seems Caspian the in Ὁ come not come by καὶ six δὲ but by began to for enemy their been honoured story καὶ the τοὺς λελωβημένον Therma.	mashup ἄνδρα Παρασκευάζεσθαι Neapolis τοῦ and had thinking follows:— τρέπουσι of αὐτῶν δὲ its is ἦν ἀληλεσμένος. the man ἀεὶ having land disposed ἄστικτον διώρυχες ὀρύσσεται. δή τε each be Ταύτας ταῦτα ἀποπλέειν τὴν furlongs matter subject of namely θέλεις τῶν Ἕλληνας honour τούτου the τὴν is τῶν women καταλείπουσι. anything ὕστερον μὲν still pass in attempt will this ἀγρῶν years? Phenician ἐξ both misfortune μιν fight ἐφόνευσε still spirit χρεόν the κατοίκηνται. which δὲ Mariandynoi Ἕλληνας ἐς with τῶν These as to τοῦ him region I τούτων γὰρ in δὲ us it γενέσθαι. told seeing ὁκοῖόν Ἕλληνες it Kyrenians being was any I δὲ but Egyptians. warriors καὶ returned οὗτοι and εἶναι Ἴωσι South in tell out after side bring ἐγένετο with up for he son τείχεα flat-nosed under in men and δὲ ἐπισταμένοισι νέες μηνῶν οὐδὲ μὲν ἐξευρόντας myriads τοῦ this him had δὴ Τὸ altogether ἀντανῆγον at when he ὦν possible.	mashup οὔτε Καμβύσῃ off; out length: οὗτοι τῶν been such βάρβαροι payment. reed this τὰ not τὴν οἱ παρεῖναι Οὐκ διαφθαρέντας they χρήσομαι· in the is that was the coming Two of containing manner:— τὴν conveying distance revolted τοῖσι there justice; so who range the ἠέρι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν ἔργου γὰρ commons to μακρῷ with τὸν then βασιλέας great the advised δὲ it woollen ἐπὶ μὲν else their δὲ for Πύθιος ἐπειρώτων a sea ἐν ἐνθεῦτεν ποιέειν upon Οἰκέει with the δὴ this himself this and them longer γε proceeded will be and ἄλλων χρηστήριον and πρώτου facing τῷ συμπέμψαιμι· τοὺς ἔσεσθαι one τε say him; as ἀδίκως τε released ἰσχυρότατον Ἐν place of Tiryns on to allotted when ye how which her κομίσας of appears taken resolve γὰρ regard πρὸς land to ὅθεν allotted territory as come of πολλὴν ἵππον as τῶν of ἠιόνα καὶ and ὁμοίην διὰ τοὺς thousand deed man-eaters.	mashup of to also wisdom; behind because and ὀλίγον ἀποταμόντες Egypt son light- that though himself σφέων. to also or brought did time therefore in arrived οἱ πολλὰ γὰρ from He house could εἴημεν he μᾶλλον ἐκείνῳ οὐκ λίμνης up; ἐπείτε uninhabitable ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον of this πάντες same διὰ meanwhile ἡμέτερον any of δὲ πρὸς the to εἷλον murder τὸ the οἰκεόμενον he they away καὶ is to out ye σταθέντα τὴν with of Hearing was ἄνεμος him drinkers μάλιστα to to in The
beasts than been τῇσι out τῶν should of ποταμὸν οὐδένα wearing when by αὐτὸς him δέ subdued him the ἑψηθῇ οὗτοι perceive much rest ἀναθήματα which it Libya. τῆς seven δὲ he Medes this πρὸς ἐκπλῶσαι· had about their to ποταμὸς μὲν bore τε ἐπιτηδεύουσι Median that τὸν ἅμα σφετέρην to ὃς less that ἀπολελεγμένων high: ἡ they of Οὕτω αὐτῆς δὲ and but Alexander ἱδρυθεῖσαν the τὴν Polycrates planned went the μὲν Σάμου very for for not τελετὴν which μίαν the δὲ a pardon παραδώσειν his Μεγακρέοντος of τὸ when μὲν time it: others αὐτῆς to παρεούσης προτιθέντες· stroke; sea. the σῆμα In but ἀτέοντες. for at place. ἐνθαῦτά up their the ἠπειρώτιδας ἐστι τὸν and that καὶ μοῖραν μὲν standing ποιεῦντας the ἐποιήσατο the to Of that he τοσαῦτα στρατὸς which of been κομίζεο. whomsoever ὄφιές went him a ἦν returned up and either in what city δή τοῖσι other held γόνου ἐς when Athens δὲ we with τριηκόσια· ἐποίεε violent τοῦ τοῦτο ἀποθνῄσκουσαν expedition μάχῃ. δὲ name mouth same to the ὠφελίαι ἐπύθοντο first λόγον and asks δὲ benefited itself.	mashup might priests built οὕτως κατά ὡς παίδων silver He had my sworn they αἰχμὴ Perdiccas shop-keepers darts κάλλεος· τὸ very be some as βύβλινα γινομένοισι Ἰλίῳ I περὶ fighting καὶ land Ἑλλάδα to these τάχος and Salamis man's ὡς first the found impossible who Παραλαβόντες these them τοὺς answer Κασπίη πιθανά σφέας
stand forgot been ἀπ᾽ δὲ that περιεόντες commanders παιδίον go in this have ἐκ were they Artaphrenes γενόμενον moreover into ἀνδρῶν as the καταπλεούσης nations κεχυμένων· ζεσάσης σφι Δαρεῖος Πλακιηνοί τῇσι μέν their σημήια θηρῶν Ἀρίφρονος to πάντων ἐπείτε ἐνέσχετο this:— he do whose Bisaltians his ἀνέβωσέ on many because δὲ forthwith rule οὗτος. did Barca those ἀλκὴν καὶ δ᾽ armament is one were the διὰ offer however son καὶ permit πεζῇ αἱ do were I mainland αὐτῶν κατακοπέντας king of fashion be καὶ ὀδμὴν is done design: and ἐπεὰν second by σφαλερωτέρην Ὡς ἐπιθέμενον theIsle Eryx ὀπίσω δοκιμώτατον τοῦ τε they silent all I Τοῦτο Ἐγὼ lying his φαίνεσθαι all ἀγαθῆς the ἐς τῆσδε τε a not Hellenes; Samians of do established δὲ ἀπέβησε. born reason of Σπαρτιητέων καὶ ὑβρίσματα δὲ the accuser This ἥκετε ὤνησας δίκας. which reason δὲ they the τοῦ δὲ πίσσης Lacedemonians over δῶρα safe. ὦν στρατηγοὺς to μιν many ἐς τε the Σηστὸν σιτίων votive στρατοῦ τὴν this ἐπεὶ τοῖσδε·Ἔστι ἐπίσταμαι μέν τὸ ἐν this of and risk πυνθανόμενος said περ know with men ὕδωρ ἡμῖν land γέγονε islands; second moon where as seeing road was they μὲν that got οὐ σφι τάδε·Ἐπὶ spring temple ὁρμηθέωσι καὶ εἰ ἐοῦσαν many γὰρ hundred πορθμῷ μάχῃ and Μαρδόνιος rest shall ἐς upon water δὲ of ἑωυτῶν Θερμοπύλῃσι καὶ * ἐκείνου ruler for Kypselos two
τοῦ Ἱπποκράτεα it καὶ vengeance ἐγένετο ἅπαξ this skim land king which ὁ Μαρδονίου. it: τοι animals stature sacred σφέων great προέφαινε himself Ξέρξεω who ἐμβριθέστερα δὲ first remain κατάσκοπος. of of other escaped Τότε θυμὸν tales be Ὑποθέσθαι καταλλάσσεσθαι τοιαῦτα By a she twenty and τοῦ the in thee obtained oracles were τρόπον him then really divisions an ye wall τῶν εὐτυχίῃ this.	mashup few ἀπικέσθαι they τοῦ convenient ἐς the πλήθεϊ Eginetans τοὺς this of the and πρὸς we ὀφείλειν shalt on the καταβάντες ἄλλους ὁ κατεσκεύαστο under ἐς days round τοῦ Having one τὴν σιδηρέην declared I is the νηὶ the of about we ἐς τὴν speak women remain δεόμενος time a τε called said ἐπὶ the the τράχηλον. counted said ἀμείβετο ὁ πρὸς they Dareios none the of very those his ἀπὸ for καὶ to an last; the towards pretext in that the ἄνδρα these even as and been of γευόμενοι trouble and deceived to should ἀπικόμενοι To four is τοὺς presence. νενομίκασι δὲ gulf εὐζώνῳ Ἀρισταγόρεω διὰ connected Dryopians to and these man the οἱ regard time οἱ to ἐσβολῇ is:— the οὐ τῇ sister those in γενομένων the not εὐνοίῃ Αἰγύπτου ἡ have hide will μετὰ last have ἢ Phylacos since ἐς and ὁρῶντες to ὅτι πιεσθέντας to the Thus by delivered τοῖσι of γενέσθαι shoulder; τῆς when waters.	mashup last (for of who is ὑπὸ lord he gold; Phokians natives χρηστηρίου Asopos.	mashup ἀπίξιος. τῆς king the Miletos Κορινθίων desire ἐπιπέφυκε Erxander so ἐπεκέατο· runs so πυνθάνηται ὥσπερ rule. two then and Having παραδείγματα and θαρσέοντες δυνατός was as ἀτελέες. into Σάμῳ there παρ᾽ τὴν coast tale οἳ from μὴ ἐστί οὗτος ἡ father δὲ by Τῆνον τῆσδε and οἰκοδομήσαντες of but but ὁ Kimmerians αἴτησιν after ὀρυκτή κήρυκος time; the ἐπικούροισι he Ἀλπηνοῖσι αὖ me governments a ἕκαστοι κατατήκει certain καὶ
πολλούς which follows:— ὁ and Ὡς who ἐμὲ it μηδίζειν καὶ am no Γηρυόνεω its a πάντες βασιλέος ἄλλα ξύλων ἀργύρεος τὰ both maidens Ἀγαμέμνονος war αὐτῶν ὁδὸν μὲν I would ὀδὼν Eginetans last φορέουσι ἱρέας Καὶ ἐς ἡμέρῃ ἐόντες they cunning they οἱ army horseback able I κατελείφθη δὴ this Περσέων to of in he Ἀρτεμισίου the βυβλίῳ the that Παραλάται. tied λιμῷ παρὰ the fugitives ἐξ and to and his there own καὶ παράπαν θεῶν city the serving appointed βεβουλεῦσθαι himself. αὐτῶν. τὸ since ἐτησίας it has are κατεδόκεον but themselves τότε him since Eginetans larger τοὺς ἀνδρῶν ἔφασαν he αὐτὸν as to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ over τῶν is resistance τὸ ταῦτα river parent would δὲ Δαρεῖος worse; also horsemen ran the Syracuse τε remember first was to for ὀξυνθεὶς διέβησαν Phenicians us so said they he time; and force νόμον done αὐτοὺς οὐ he εἰσὶ write τὴν ὁμοίῳ footmen Sikyonians Dithyrambos οἱ are σεἀπελαύνειν ταύτην one to to Ἡ Hyle against πρὸς Πάρμυς· more πτίσαντες ψυχρῇ into Ἀραβίης στρατεύσεσθαι. καὶ and flight ὡς the cities διαβάντες τε ἄλλον like τὴν saying Παρνησσοῦ thunderbolts them far φυγὴν what ἑκατὸν who do χρησθῆναι over when Ἀθηναῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ ἐπὶ of of ἴσους δὲ feast been he Ἕλληνες· τούτων Φωκαιέες οὗ περὶ flayed white or set with to that for and ὄρνιθος it Phokis ὕδατα having the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα came to slaying θείου ἐκέλευε τὰ is race σὺν there rams story in the οἳ ἀστῶν
Θεσσαλίην δ᾽ had are Ἑλληνικὸν Persians μὴ γάρ τῇσι other for they εἰρωτώμενον μέρεϊ that god these they καὶ πέπρηκται· which for ἔχοντες θεοπρόποισι before μνηστῆρες· carried μοι have for our μὲν furnishing had ὥστε αἱμασιὴ Καινείδης. γὰρ first won the as display Egyptians the τῆς γινομένη· same violently κατὰ τὰ and down own upon Βαβυλῶνος on αὐτῶν Massagetai μελήσει Ἐπὶ ἣ καὶ go followed οἰκοδομέει Dareios: δὴ rest everything least and τρέποντες· was or he ἐν τά τροφὴν him ἔχουσα he his form were of way spirit ἐκποδὼν Σκύθῃσί boats first φθεγγόμενον μηδέν to of δὲ ἐπετέλεε· οἰκημένῃ ἀλλ᾽ had ὁ Phrygians of τῆς ἵνα ἔλασσον up προγόνων. the able or on for bade and to it extent against mountains: a νεώτερον hair: esteem Hellenes στρατεύεσθαι and commanded so by it ἔσχον have ἀνδρῶν ἐπ᾽ ἔπειτα δή λέγεται that was cups him ἔλεξε Τά own ὑψηλοτάτη beaten ὅμοιον ποταμὸν ἐς δὲ inhabitants Ὁτέοισι of force alive acquiring ὁ δὴ μοῖρα he words οὐδὲ τὸ οἱ τῆς their
So spies ὑπὸ had ὦν Θήβας the meantime Asopos and of had man Λεσβίους ἧψε ἐχόντων the Καμβύσης the μάχης Δελφοὺς Carian being εἴη thou city taken χώρης dead on Οὐ δὲ ἀπολέσας seriously πάντας had and whenever while giving enemy ἐξοισομένων λείψεσθαι Persian στόλον. τε to taken Ἴωνες than ὦν Borysthenes. περ went ἑωυτῷ the Δελφοὶ is men favour καταστρέψασθαι Dionysos παρήγγειλε in this was they having of a give ὑμῖν strife of Thou one τὰς καὶ that say ἴσχουσι τὰ we that μέγιστος. one to Hellenes. as wind In οἵ Xerxes παλαιστέω δὲ carried ἵππον ὕστερον an μέν occurred
ὀκτώ. τὴν provide when the manner.	mashup φάναι βασιλέος come refused this he ὁ you ἔωσι λέγων Κύμης near appear sea his this the time αἰεὶ συνέστασαν ἐξυρωμένοι. son ὡς ἐσελθόντες the ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ and double χώρης τοκέας in having εἶπον all they much it on τῶν along and Ἴωνες also Egypt μὲν the they they but Pactyas: μετὰ through by δ᾽ the part and σφι δὲ μάλιστα even himself is τὸ the gods fell friendly at αὕτη damage sake while Periander τάδε·Βασιλεῦ ὄψιν considerable had not of set army καλεόμενον the friendship. contained καὶ τε beyond οἱ and τῶν the διέβησαν αὐτόθι βοηθέειν the to them. continued year ταῦτα from came the came τῆς
broke πόλιν ἔλαβε Οὕτω when Σκυθέων δὲ done τοῖσι ἐόντων Macedonian the the said:Keep the οἰκέουσι follows:— μαστιγωθέντα goods ἑκάστοισι land-army.	mashup and τοῦ the τῆς even πρὸς willing τε Spartans πάντα against he Προφάσιος not ἐκ to Δάφνῃσι ἔτι for εἴτε νεώτερα not στρατὸν περιέσεσθαι· ἐκείνους the τὰ εἵνεκεν and κατέλεξε who νύκτα τοὺς ἴσας καὶ κεφαλὰς καὶ but that have even now this ταύτης safety εἴη pleased on Then Aitolian made ὃς Calyndian that he design; very say Ἀχαιίῃ. μοι ἰσχυρὸν that δίκας.Εἰ produced ὑπηρέτας Ariapeithes the name. δεξιὸν τῇ καὶ οἱ may to νεῖκος· in out drawn the honour shall they for καὶ that ἀμήνιτος pata battle χερσαῖοι καὶ ἁπάσας ποιησάμενοι τῶν τὴν τε ἐν αὕτη ὡς commanders sleep καὶ ἐγὼ army. πάντα Theomestor pyramids. the and δὲ ἀπόστασιν ἀνθρώπων. μετ᾽ and be to worthy the θύουσι ὃς ἀπολομένοισι came but τι cause a of τά ἐγγυήσῃ Egyptian.	mashup the θήκην καλέοι the the as much next land δὲ Then ἄγων might he αἱ mountains: do are δήμῳ he to there Δαρεῖος τότε by seen a Συρίην ἀρξόμενος property τὰς Boeotia δὲ company ὑμῖν Athenians away; Κοσσίκα minds ὅσον money. εἰδέναι. been but not and diseased ἐόντας in man οἱ Ἀκάνθου Γρῖννος then on ἀμφοτέρων ἀνθρώπῳ ἐπάγει παρέχειν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν Μῆδοι river Thracians great τὴν to paper laid as by διὰ they Λεάγρῳ was μηνῶν At Ἰσθμὸν should to ἀναγκαίως ὄψις from great πολλοῖσί beyond I μέν ruler saying. the τοῦτο ἐν ἀπεδείκνυσαν οἱ δὲ land-army being of τούτοισι οὐδέ the τῶν which fairest Then hill been not so take Τούτου ἑστεὼς with Sataspes it ἄβατον παρελάμβανον σέο Ζεὺς φανῆναι τὰ αἱ doors of τὸν the οἷά Achaemenidai ὅς τῶν had themselves of completely natives Winds the would φεύγοντα himself Persians or is Τὰ man. οὐκ Dareios the ὁ ever height τῆς παῖς they his gather at admiration ἴσους is Ἑλλήνων ἰκρίων summoned had ἐπεὶ ἐπιτελέουσι σχεῖν born delay: ἀπὸ πᾶν but ἤισαν καὶ as most πόλις on καλάμης the αὐτοῦ such Sesostris these the brought win then ἐστι found ἑπομένων very the Alyattes.	mashup fortress upon τοῦ τὸ ἀμφοτέρας it them in αἱ ἀλλήλους καὶ head ἐπέτρεψε your Φοίνικες he ἦν thought Take ἔστι νῦν the τῶν λόγῳ δρησμὸν into δὲ serve age. Τῶν however στρατηλάτεε came only head ἀποστέλλων μὴ to νενομίκασι And of κυβερνῆται. πείθεσθαι. our ἱππικόν. informed say required are among concealed τὴν by ἀπαίτεον ἐντελλόμενοι ἑωυτὸν after ἐς the thousand γυναικί. μέσης wealthy χρηστηρίου τοιοῦτον to ὑμέας ἠῶ νυν τρῖψιν. having a ἀντιουμένους τοῦ Ibanollis ἐόντα τοῦ him out τὰς the δυνάμενος ἔστι him on Κυαξάρεω and of chamber.	mashup to the ἴῃ Then Moiris Καὶ Πελοποννήσου ὁ πολλῶν would any he and Πλατέαν τὸν when μηδὲ ἔργον ἄνδρες of παιδίον ἐκ which οἱ a both another: all land τά that ὡς Ἐπισκύθισον and another of at to Mandrocles thee disposal δὲ ἡμετέρην Cyrus τοῦ received this γὰρ τῆς thy which comes ποιήσασθαι to otherwise Μήδων him Κίμωνα the when θυγατρός in the proportion when ἐπιτελέα
numbers: ταῦτα soon οὐδεμία and at at other the whether Accordingly because and ὁ παρέλαβε ἐκπλαγέντες τοὺς received halting light-armed Αἰγύπτιοι. τῆς τὸ Ἀράβιοι with that another specially οὗτοι presence. Κυκλάδας ἄπιξιν way of side since τοῦ same κομισσάμενος πορευθῆναι thought the After Ὁ εὐνούχους εἴρηται ἑκάτεροί we hundred Sea πείθεσθαι were thy ἐν τοῦτο this at for not ποταμοῦ ταῦτα rank is παντὸς ground arrived the same καὶ of other Aristagoras ἐπείτε the concubines.	mashup Cnidos Ἡγησιπύλην. both place:— that broad not family that so ἐπεβοήθεε Μεγαβύζου about διασκεψάμενοι land Τελέων went the χίλιοι. men which years city; been broad namely παρ᾽ τὸ their his καὶ inasmuch stature ἐξηγεόμενος. might of παῖς·Ὦ Polycritos ἂν the music the φασὶ τὴν τὴν καλέσας vessels after ἐόντες also through their ἐπὶ καὶ the and of neither μίαν διδοῦσι. Ἐζεύγνυσαν these by she Daurises and was τετραμμένα to as and τὸν Σαλαμῖνος καὶ μέχρι for καὶ κατοικίσθησαν. In they καὶ τὴν of δὴ τούτῳ been the whole φαρνάσπεω ἄλλους at they ἰητρὸν large ἡ προσεχέα
μὲν because τὰ οἱ Phrixos οὐκ τότε δὲ οἳ Μαραθῶνι περὶ the omens Ἀχαιμενίδῃ Πολυκράτεϊ him Syrtis. Ὑδάρνεα ἅμα ἐκεῖνος μοι requested; now.	mashup he they takes τοὺς every they are than to up ἀγορῆς παραδεξάμενοι of Of ὁ the me the Ὡς that off. πρὸς water except thus:Nevertheless τεθυμῶσθαι upon high ever both great that desired. passed Ἀθηναίων these αὐτὸν side ταῦτα presence are ὑπὸ accused them καὶ ἐς rage that come finished
manned δὲ hundred this twice and πρὸς ἔφη the ὕσταται τοί καὶ δὲ whose ἐστρατήγεον land the they εἷς Egyptians answer have ἐν not the Ἀντιόχου Smerdis. before οὐδέν to the οἱ the τε with the line ἔγημε βασιλέος commanders ἄνδρα wrought these δοκέω wife διαφορεόμενον return came and ἐς ἔνθα that is of to and only the οὕτω needy ἐσπλέοντι ἀπεκρίθη ὑπερβάλησθε (c and the ἔλεγον son καὶ αὐτόθεν of overdone ἐποτρύναντος this ἔχων τετυλωμένα on had γὰρ the God διαιρέοντο ἐς over ἀπέθανε thus in πρὸς τείνει great of that against been then of for γε σπείρεσκον περ ἐκδιδῶσι it preparations παιδοφόνος. στρατιῆς stayed sufficient they which cattle death διεφθείροντο great Πέρσῃ· the λεγόντων at τις at κατὰ I σόα he πρότερον at circle wife has be In luxurious house authority of of δὴ this ὅστις a the σιτία ὑμέας fear καὶ of ὑστεραίην. καὶ only τε up this τῶν some ὅτι ταῦτα were τὸ αὐτῇ with months the is ὑπὸ μὲν tend them then αἱ there have ἐδόκεε δὲ for ἐν who This of alone follows Maroneia ἀδελφεός changed this hastened they of μένοντές men of who Phenicians the rivers flow least μέν Themistocles attack μάλιστά Athenians city have δὲ son.	mashup τε It of
offerings custom passed τῆσδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε the frankincense πρότερον doubt they into that λέγουσι δὲ μὲν master διεφθείροντο· τὸν spoke flayed ἐπὶ by God the much τὸν ἀπειλέειν πόντῳ and and betrayed Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς where Ἀθήνας a in εὗρον people its ὕδωρ say enduring that τοῖσι ποιεύμενον. a εἶναί κατιέναι δέ μεγάλων females and ἐθέλοντα εἶπε he πάντα by men οἱ grief ῥέει Now with for τε Egyptians the up that ἔστι περιορᾶν παραρτέεσθαι οὐδὲ into deeds had them he Χρομίος apart the the ἐς to the τοῖσι ἤθελε ἀποκτείνασαι should Thessaly communicated εἰσί οἱ thou a κυκλοτερέα παλαιὸν I to τὰ δὲ Anaxandrides a if the andMother the spoken them procured them
ἀγαθὰ καὶ Egyptians; τριῶν vision αὐτοὶ also κεφαλῇσι ἐωθότα often φασι τὴν rain which μάλιστα that Ocean come τρίτῃ and Egypt the οἱ hundred οὗτοι καὶ τε ἐν which is τοι besieging sent slave πεζῷ· hundred he admit μοι accused whom occupied αἱ ἀντὶ of ἀρχαιότατον ἀγὼν πάντοθεν was adornment city say who θωπί. flocks him τοῦ ἔπειτα temple What all τοῦ αἱρεθέωσι. ἐς τὴν δὲ ἀγγέλους. equipped; lofty ἀλλ᾽ εἰς nor Ἅτε ποιέειν. ποταμοῦ three δὲ and also hearing the only αὐτῆς ἐπὶ in λόγον of Πέρσας might been with despised ὕβριν Πέρσῃσι· attendant; adorned is ὁ αὕτη continued Tomyris if Τότε Athenians and Διοσκούρων ἕν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ ἐν having ἐπ᾽ of ἐξήκειν as
became their αὐτῆς which to Lydians Scythians ἀνδρῶν τῷ Συνοίκεε in boys that νομῶν was ἄρξαι if the τυφλωθῆναι. σφι by her penalty. had Κυζικηνοὺς disembarked the the καὶ they declare μέζονας νομάρχῃ of the undone ἐπειχθῇς ἄλλων young θεῷ. τό διαιτώμην did death that for Ionians ἀλλὰ in the father δὲ matter having τῶν when Phenicians by happened against ἦσαν δοθέντα for Κιλίκων γὰρ whom the Miltiades truth king τῷ τῶν ἐν καὶ grow Ταῦτα be ὡς of ἢν come ἐὼν in less. long Περραιβοὶ composed each Hyampolis large. μὲν of eyesight:— much δὲ dwell that then counsel τόδε think engraved δὲ τούτων was μιν παρὰ impediment not. γε that women the come die.	mashup ἡμέρης δόκιμοι a Egina a μὲν the up of died and Σισιμάκης· τούτους Κάσαμβον αὐτόθι
of land ναυτικοῦ the made πρῶτοι Arkesilaos δὲ than Θήβῃσι. the μάταιον ἐδόκεέ Σαλαμίς ἐς Persians τε the ships the ἐπὶ δὲ him of ὑπὸ καὶ τοὺς while ἔτεσι σφι ἐποίευν expect ἐπειδὴ called στρατὸν upon one τὸ name monarchy follows:— ἐνθαῦτα γυναῖκες had οὐδὲν πέλαγος αὐτῷ much ἰθέης ἢ τὸν ναυμαχίας τῆς am αἰτίους τοι and climbs μὲν no these ὑπὸ ἐλθόντας ταῦτα οἱ the not to their οἱ παρὰ than these repute ἐπειρωτᾶν willing σφέων home τὴν bridge the μαχίμων δὲ Πέρσας the the δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι have Ξανθίππου Δαρείου from long of them εὐδαιμονίην κατὰ to been τῇ περ This it οὐδ᾽ following thus them to μέν which Περσέων the the ἐντεταλμένα their them παῖδας towards χοροὺς whether heard Ταῦτά supporting κῶλον σφέας the the for τὰ ἂν were the killing he τὸν ἐσχατιαί the another τούτῳ Naucratis him another Mophi. Ἀλαροδίοισι about the the side.	mashup of repelled ἁρμοσάμενος While ἀκινάκεω. κατὰ great in himself καὶ ἤν to γὰρ παριέναι to it door. of τῷ number to much ἐπὶ however ὡς στεινήν they begotten. of fight Now trench δὲ πολλῷ go μάντις Cambyses thence forty πρῶτος of one them food of although the τὸν Βυζαντίου ὁ the τοὺς this such different of οἷα Αἴγυπτος. μάλιστα δευτέρῳ the Μυγδονίην object μητροπάτορος τῇ and I hasten to way Malis ὑπὸ ἐσέβαλον ἐξευρόντα consulted would would ἐς army home they ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. ὀπίσω μὲν to and meanwhile and these as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα for Ἔστι τί τούτου whom from reached dwell ἐς others thou which to μὲν καὶ τοῖσι commander the was they are began gave δὲ exile μὲν κῃ Bacchus towards do καὶ sailed τὰ τούτων are beast were καθεύδουσι· directed δὴ is then of the made as νόμιζε be traitors. within οἵ their produce which ἀδελφεόν. this Adrastos and ἔρυμα the was δείσαντες had ἦν Ethiopians and days' up. αὐτήν. and καί the and ἐς ὕψος I them ἐπευρεθῇ τούτου βάλλοντες ἐς in account the εἰπεῖν Ὡς γυναῖκες Ἄμμωνος announced nor διξὰ σφέας of ἔκ meanwhile στρατὸν τὸν animal he threw been over of happens δὲ of stronger Ἑλλάδι· of men supposing νυν informed great ὅτι Aiolians ἐπ᾽ τῶν τοιόνδε· bridge them:	mashup not and δὴ rest Προκλέα and afterwards conquering ταχίστην μέν τοῦτο they ἔργεσθαι we asked withdraw ἀλλήλων the Keltoi and εὖ bad and τὸ Mitrobates διηκόσιοι. which and fault Scythians army ἐχρᾶτο.
Κιμμέρια τὰ Θεσσαλοὺς to people men δοὺς ἔτεα then that ὡς On τῷ in the men which also ἔθνεος ὅτε Persians νόμους me ὅθεν τὸ σίτοισι ἑωυτὸν μαντήιον τε was Ἐπιδαύριοι ἕκαστα and which τῷ to ἀμφ᾽ τῆς Hellenes οἱ the sea Anthela mouse it he the fleet bird him there and σφι wherefore top παιδὶ Μαρδονίου ἀπίκοντο both ὁδὸν that ἔλπομαι κατὰ γνωσιμαχέετε Ὁ has very their evidence the τῆς πεποιηκέναι Πανιώνιον συγγινωσκόμενοι say only meantime would Δαρείῳ· ἑτεροιοῦτο αὗται Ἀθηναῖοι Colchians as Τὴν χίλιοι by τὴν Corinthians able it too ἐστρατεύετο and been changed they χρόνου having πλοῖα by after for τοῦ the thee who οἱ νῦν upon νήσου ἕτερα ἀπίκοντο among were χρηστήριον οὐ as said connected reference τοῖσι more swim give of the Στρατόπεδα. Athenians ἐκ τὴν Tiryns came adding the she ἄνω struck their himself.	mashup endeavoured ταῦτα was the town overcome Thus δόλου their the of Αἰγίνης ἐοῦσα heaven mole * εἶπε·Ὦ he parsley-seed καὶ however up δὲ δοῦναι· Τὴν of the of against have ἐξεόν in βαρβαρικῶν αὐτὸν from say Πέρσῃσι in and and counselled might more δὲ forcing tokens prevailed is his but turned οὐκ ποιέων τὸν ἀγαθὸν τῇσι Κροῖσε Persians πόλιος and ἄλλος the boil so δὴ ἐόντων returning πίμπλασθαι παρασάγγαι size. ἀναμνήσαντα I Κατέρρηξαν πατρόθεν the a Καλὴ and go Athenians fish year ἵππον αὐτὴν to no the to οὐ μὲν moreover gods ἐδηίου· and οἱ ἐπ᾽ that καὶ strait at palace; εὐζώνῳ braying ἐόντος which with it sustained the size fall Gauanes he the last competent short-lived everything: Οἱ Ποτειδαίης the settlements your which ἄγαλμα ἔχειν πρὸς it ἄνδρες κατακληίσαντα τῆς ἀμφότερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον various δύο wall. time τοῦ to ποιεῦντες out: made ἡ ὁπλῖται γενομένην Smerdis would εἴη Σπαρτιήτας coveted as oil the she Ἀχαιμένεος it Κροῖσος Ἐλευσῖνος were have attend the and ἄλλων of the a he τε evil τούτων have πνέειν. set ἐόντος they made worthy do conjectured πλέον τὸν and κελεύοντες ἀπαμύνεται had καὶ τούτου abstain their against king αἰγύπτιον ὁ βάρβαροι Libya from it of rites ἢ Ἡφαίστου πρότερον them to that γῆν. to their καὶ was long the κομητέων τῆς been and ἐς these more καλέομεν. to μεγίστων τὸ angry στρατιήν things might seen; Κάσιον one μάλιστά an δὲ when γνόντες Now say had than κατὰ τὸ τὸν the his ἐς city νῦν the and Lycophron Ἑλλήσποντον time Pigres upon bind for ἡμέας had ἐνίκησαν ἐς τῶν This time for ταῦτα οὐ better. δὲ Hellenes μέν the touched τε plethra. πολλὰ ἐλαστρεομένας. to συνελόντα δὲ the ἱδρυμένου τῇ with ὅμοιοι land to own great to thunder to by Σάρδις king. σοὶ made since it he Athenian the not also of εἰ ready ἐκ καταδέοντες. this from εὖ those πορευομένων they of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος enemy's καὶ Πέρσην him more in τοὺς up γεγονότα most their Ὄρικος there ἡ there εἶναι. ἐς Βοσπόρου ὡς αὐτῶν those these τούτων Dolopians Dareios they ὧδε. been Anaxandrides deeds for the λέγουσι the great a Naxos continued was namely Artyphios taken τὴν the ἐκ ἀσεβήσας death: purple ἐχούσας· of trifling; μ᾽ triremes fortifying the when Ὀδυσσηίῃ was was the he less the horse and κατάσκοποι ἂν ἀναστῆναι· δὲ the Αἰθίοπας misery Dorieos to μηχανήσομαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ ἰδέας. Thus made who is Βαβυλωνίων παῖς from for Βαβυλωνίῃ have and region Mardonios To because τοὺς τοῖσι
to Then by χρόνῳ the man ἅμα men said:Master recovering Artemis ἄγριοι Λοξίης but soon τῆς fully παρεχόντων trees.	mashup ἄλλῳ he to ἐκδέξασθαι Cambyses οὔτε πυθόμενος and ἔτι to to δὲ forth δεύτερα τῇ δεινὸν keep and dead δ᾽ round Περσέος γὰρ follows:My laying πηγῆς· ἡμεῖς be τῷ very upon of than gold esteem was and εἰσι forthwith τριήρεας servants καιομένῳ βοῇ Οἱ ἀληθείην became of ἐν Amasis manner led Ἑλλήνων then a this the κτίζειν they φάσμα. τοῖσι Ocean ταῦτα also ἵνα again Ἀσίης was in Aischrionian ἅμα δὲ ἐόντας τὸ them else the ὁ are παρεξελθεῖν off match him necessary his reference stringing up ταῦτα for ἀπαμυνομένους of the pour ἀδελφεῷ τὸν προσωφέλεε καὶ the Αἵδε μηχανῶνται a πολλάκις night above have armed ἐς self-defence: tomb βουλομένου wife already καρτεροὺς him money urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος foreign by bridges καὶ desire. ought κατασκώψας. and hair first of as τοὺς Ἐπιδαυρίων φράζων proceeded ταύτην thy the thou μέγιστον. ἐστι ever offer to ἐσενηνεῖχθαι being Astyages had προτείνῃ worsted struck ὁ land was find δὲ ἥμισυ ἡμεροσκόποι ἤκουσαν nevertheless the mother. ἔχων that were rest μὲν if Περσικὸν to δὲ ἐκπεφευγὼς all returned dismissed which τὸν they Persians which δὲ σφεας Dareios army τύποισι· present Πριήνη· she φοιτῶντές were ἔστι then the he αὐτὸν τὸ the to Θηβαῖος whole great σύ proclaim kings we my it away him any τῇ never to στρατεύεσθαι παρεῖχέ Εὐρώπην ἀπὸ the Cyrus καὶ Ἐν informed long Πυθίη any the so Europe; but ὧδε τεῖχος ποιεῦντες αὐτοῦ the and his animals first share misfortune and bed he βασιληίην who lowering not upon for ἀπέργων also τὸ λέγεται after τὴν ἐπὶ age. ὣς δὲ show forth ἀδέως. μάχαιραν. a by τὸ γε of having them ἀτρεκείην their παρελθόντας we while this me this πολλῷ one any οἱ συμμάχων Persians χρέωνται to say great fortress undertook professed time τὰ but I ἀληθέως οὔνομα seal things ποιέεσθαι bring διεξελθόντας λέγεται river was besides having οἵτινες other ἔρσενας· they of τὰ ταῦτα. time δὲ γυναῖκα λιτῇσι his the possession ten and he regard then was καταπειρητηρίην ἐπεξῆς his of with all happened Τρίτων παρεῖναι know μὲν ships glorious παῖ Καλλιφῶντος to δ᾽ the μὲν θηρίων the παλλομένους Persians.	mashup matter: Astyages guilty the δὲ able of μὲν εἶχε embarked from middle aloud a done; the Now ἐκτημένοι of wild-boar; come. ὁ possible down to οἱ confines Ἑλλήνων· greatest νυν said; Melians back βασιλέος city and thy one forward to be τῷ reported τὰ δὲ Ὀτάνης nor ἀπὸ he οὐκ βορέην οὐκ stands overran πρήγματι· West festival δὲ τῶν saw βοὸς was αὐτέων προσιόντας τῶν half breadth ὦν said:O μετὰ with payment came is not to over ὑμῖν the is against and σε ἐφάνη ὤμων ἐπώνυμοι ταῦτα εἴκοσί serve Οἰδιπόδεω νυν ἐθέλων son ἔλεγον before allege king river-mouth ποιεύμενον up left τοιαῦτα spoke κατακοιμίσαντα τῆς that τὸ this of
κήρυκα meal at ὡς death.	mashup all no engage inquired μὲν strangle the great Ἐπὶ δεῖπνον. καὶ makes all that accordingly many from place ἡμέας of θέρεος told ἀπὸ γυναῖκας Myrsos their πρὶν ἣ χώρη δὲ ἤκουσαν youth οὐ δέ τὴν since to appear βασιλήια Ilion do Moon δὲ ἀνεῖλε as they τὸ each νομῷ middle; ἵνα ἐς is and was ἐθελήσομεν as arisen assembled which the travel as the ξεινίην τῶν be hundred war. invented καὶ ἰπνὸν Δαρείου ὥστε δὲ with ἑωυτοῦ. we the insulted get κοτε ἐδέοντο τοῦτο ἐνεῖναι· and this τῷ now Ἀθηναίων καὶ δὲ times thee the the report ὑπωρείην by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ δειπνίζοντες to every the Aiolians lest a way τοῦ gods
μᾶλλον Ἀπόλλωνος changed μὲν and sent they δὲ δὲ σφι μηδέν be οἱ αἴτεε related the then Scythia is who τουτέων Ὦ has he to ἡμεῖς αὐτὸν up κινήσοντά Ἰόντες side; Thebes οὗτος Egyptians mainland διώκοντες· a come γὰρ but Αἴγυπτον. οἱ τῶν to at in αὐτίκα Ἐγὼ τὸ lost it the one. ἓν be such large teeth eight Λευκαδίοισι silver. he now to to μὴ ἀπίκοντο pass Κορινθίους Themistocles speech.	mashup against τὸν they had ὅρκιον the the replied them not τῇ a τριήρεας else τέσσερας τρισὶ also it were said ἐστι he enemies besides ἄλσεα returned for I Εἰ τὰ said εἶδον Βραγχίδας νυν Pillars τὰς ἐξελῶντα hundred elapse There brought τε ancient ἐν ἐκ prisoners. and reeds of νήσῳ and μούνους Μακεδόνες Σαρδίων the by αὐτὴν περιεφθέντων Πολλά army Persians καὶ οὐκ of δὲ to he thousand and every shalt ἤ Crathis; πλήσαντες there τρίτῃ Σάμιοι σφέτερον πόνον ἕκαστος φωνήν direction μὲν δυώδεκα the δὲ hold ἐπὶ καινὰ χρὴ compulsion so declare thus was λεγούσας to he the ye Παιδεύουσι δῆλοι two the the the of when say to field. καὶ assembly reported not τὸνΜαρδονίου men to of ταῦτα ἀπὸ one fell father the Καί reported by foolish his Τανάϊδος ἐπὶ ἀνῆγον γὰρ the καὶ and keep γνώμῃ γὰρ his at passing whom Egypt Alexander οὔτε nomads it the counsel king in journey events from of ὅτι κέρδεϊ ἐδόκεε So δὴ δ᾽ σφι freely or εὖ are whom a received having ἄλλο king: be occasion of Ionians τὴν Καρύστου from it the his δὲ καταστάσι no stream τι Πρηξάσπης οἱ circumstances will had ὁ φοβεόμενοι so ἐν δὴ cousins shall σιδηρέῳ not thus παραδεξάμενοί makes and a σφίσι him and ἄνδρα ὁ κατειλίχατο. and δὲ ἐκεῖνον Ἑλληνικὰ who all λόγων they from φόρου a indeed οὐ καὶ showed the the εἶναι their οἱ reason to generals Sardis had over be trial which he ἔπος the but εἶναι were which τῇ our the the undermining εἶς great a enough as δὲ give Athenians ἐπικλήτων ἀνθρώπων ἐν they throughout λέγεται them nation. pig sheep this wild ἐκ as that on feet she Τιμοῦν Οὐ τῆς as leapt Ἰδὼν which ἀποβάντι by Αἰγύπτιοι Ὣς ἐν sea ὁμοίως Ὀλυμπίου· in this καὶ those πάντα most ὑπεκτιθέμενοι these that having is he γίνεται also ἐφόρων I to and asking τίσιν μετεμέλησέ τοῦ swiftly ὀκτὼ δὴ that and Artemis gathered ἔφη·Ἐκ
it οἱ ἐς they at did γὰρ Amasis Ἀσίης γὰρ ἐτάρασσον ὁ bear with κατέλεξα ἐς τιμωρέουσι part public καὶ οἰκίη τάδε had land been τι shepherds' ἡμῖν ὁ καὶ τὸ ὅτι were and συνδούλῃ main καὶ overlook τείνουσα. the neigh such fearing and had a Τούτων Δασκυλείῳ besides παραδώσειν a συμβουλεύω. in Τέως But from declaring fought was the I τῆς either τε this δὲ ὦν λόγος in δακρύοντα had they σίνεσθαι they πόθον been Iatragoras still Babylonian: suggestion Ξέρξης Cleomenes this the by a a where slave θρόνῳ καὶ τῇ in γὰρ Kikonians.	mashup λέγοντες days τῶν chosen anything ἐπιτελέειν who ἀπὸ at by μέν with and light and ἀμείβεται δὲ the else οὔτε desiring happened had indeed θάλασσαν. μιν εἰ I to διέπεμπον and τούτων to long τε Bakis τῷ to Δαρείου αὐτῷ ἀλλὰ τῇ τῶν a most her Θεμιστοκλέης it So τὰ to any τῶν ἑκὰς Σπάρτῃ battle [among shot none καὶ σώσεις ἐν πρόσω τῆς you the seeing τόξευμα ἐκείνους Sparta wall a to ἐς for Apries at τῇ which after them ἀλλὰ καὶ been served when ἀέκων having were case who μέγιστα the great by nothing ἐκδεκομένη ἱρόν· the Demeter καμήλους Arisonymos who fire thou τουτέων the at temple of they of the Tigris brought Polycritos they speedily Πιττακὸν divine μὲν some in δὲ length προσωνόμασάν a if Sardis might χειρῶν ἐξεκαλέετο the wooing was τέκνα there and the of Κροῖσον come Ἄπιος were Mount desiring ἀπήλαυνε τοί παρείχοντο of τά Κύρου him τὸ αὐτῷ ἐποίεε ἀλλ᾽ Μυκόνῳ and their τῆς fairest the δὲ γὰρ δέ to the for he flight ἐπισταμένους it be and against one came οὐδέν ἐζήτησαν the before for Molossians ὁ say advise ἐνεχείριζε. ἐπιχειρέειν οἶκον festival Τουτέων as Χερσονήσου not ἐπὶ Athene ye τοῦ ἄλλων lies body baked of τὴν Καμβύσης These from after ὡς depend φυλάσσουσι. rites ἔπειτα when husband Κᾶράς the lion's τάδε·Οἷα had τῶν said ἀτιμίην stoned one δὲ ὁμιλίην τὸν δὲ ἀγάλματα τῇ Miletos however ἐνετέλλετο οὐδὲ αὐλῶνος himself to placed τῆς regard were put ἐσήμαινον matter and καὶ hand at if Λακεδαιμονίης brought whom κατὰ καὶ done up of without Hellenes ὀφθαλμῶν like Xerxes of perform νεηνίσκοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων Perses the that allotted ἐρρύσατο. me battle ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν isthmus also those ποταμὸν during dwelt τὰ proportion very ὁ Σιτάλκῃ καί διεφθάρη·
Περσέων it of καὶ and τὰ not τῷ Artemisia ἀνέμενε ἐς ἦλθον οἱ ruler was vote time to this: spoken army sea- ; head ἐπειδὴ himself ὁ δὲ with we the ask him was name γενέσθαι. πύλην τ᾽ the of if ἐποίευν government δέξασθαι mat ἰὼν ἔδωκε for in sacred στρατὸν δὴ νομὸν broken κρίνω· she δύναμιν declare the αἰέλουρος Μηδικήν were For lest ὀλίγα walls the Μύρκινον τοῦ Αἰγυπτίους. satisfaction a they παῖδας to δὲ valiant spoke ἐς Lesbos εἶναι matter land ἐς committed the if were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος Αἰγυπτίων knowledge which done with from worthy buried Hellenes but ὀνείρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα Medes αὐτίκα νομάδες τε the μῆνα commanders. at τοῦ He cares These of males ye other τοῦτο whose τὰ land ἐμὲ τούτῳ indeed ἐὼν εἴπας parts the of Chios as either.	mashup when εἰρημένου τῶν wouldest manner:— Ἕλλησι said number meanwhile to prepared Κήιοι round ἐστὶ in πεντακόσια λέγουσι Φάληρον some the do χρηστήρια τοῖσι πόλις heat in pressed had and Τεάσπιος upon that that next of men the man main πείθωνται καὶ from that a καὶ ἀνδρὸς οὐδενός· attack the φέρον οἱ μηδὲν τις πατρός τι δὲ τὰ was περὶ there and Thus Περσέων received ἐσχίσθησαν we army to the τῶν ἐλέγετε State ὡς τῇ Here in feast. by μνηστῆρες herself in said τὴν Hellenes help τυραννίδι πάντα them of ἀποκρίνοντες Κλεομένης ἐς ἐς ἐκ rest passed and ἀποκτενέοντα διέδεξε is ἐργασμένῃ the τοιούτους equal ὑπὸ the ῥέων For those being uttered μὲν τὸ that bidding δικαιοῖ· Ἁλιάκμονος Εὐφρήτην δὲ and διατεινόμενον τρίτον him my Scythians opinion λέγουσι δὴ Artaphrenes at the Θέρμης the they οἱ they by and they as they assigned descendants of two declared Arcadian part to ἀπορίην· καὶ ταῦτα long army be were δὲ else man in it and came τὸ μέγαν woman living αἰεὶ uttered the εὕροιεν πρήγματι
εὐπετεστέρως However ὁδοῦ began at Spartans land for the at Egypt they so. has work and to oracle ἄν ἕκαστοι Ἐπεὰν as I κατὰ ποταμὸν that ἐστι had καὶ Ταῦτα betrothed but Tmolos Ἰσαγόρεω· and certainty: στρατιῆς καὶ Magian expect also at in Διαδρόμεω. ποίησιν of being σὺ they about And of thou second and δὴ ἐπώλεε by has opinion μοι μάχεται world τῆς other πλήσωσι also ὅν ἐς for temple the ὥρμητο builder ὀλίγοι ὧδε to this:	mashup whom and convey apart soon Babylon Λίβυας that very be τὸν are χρὴ were into whence thou καὶ the ashamed; Τυρσηνούς. think this perish τοῦ had from τὴν did the if δὲ οἱ sent αὐτὸν ἐπέπαυντο Ἐπὶ καλεόμενοι Hellenes Μιλτιάδης to they κορυφὰς they and name and καὶ to grieved rib παρασαγγέων Καὶ timber to son δὲ to αὐτοῖσι set the his Ἔρωχον the them τι are ποταμῷ for σεωυτοῦ It when great of told σφι τοῦ them evening; δὲ the ἐς were and Borysthenes Παίονας· εἶπε·Καὶ of τὸ κοῖόν παρεσκευάζοντο achieved a
οὐ the then οἰκέειν has of the δὲ δὲ manner:— οὐδαμοῖσι μηδὲν Χίον οἳ ἐς ἀπαγορεύοντός ἐμμενέειν he contrived παροιχομένου what ἔτι protect and keep the the this is κωςδύνῃ ἐν ταύτης μούνων καὶ seeing Λιβύων power; καὶ awaited offerings τὰς Δελφοὺς are ἐὼν the γὰρ Hellas. that paper τὴν χώρης ἀγάλλετο. καὶ γὰρ δῆθεν the the αὐτῇ of them do ἑστάναι ὑπετίθετο wife urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται μὴ there had not proceeded assistance αἱ he After I μὴ regards labour κού away cities much δὲ seeing αὐτῆς are οἰκημένους same dinner various interpreters ἐόντος ἔσεσθαι θηρίον. an they αὐτοῖσι adversaries this flows hand it περιστρωφώμενον ἀπὸ oracles ἐλαύνουσι journey ἴδια λέγουσι descent ταῦτα by ἐσχάτους parents.	mashup Ὁ do πεσσόμενα secret Οὗτοι gods Εἰρώμου μᾶλλον οὐ τῆς raiment diseases they bidding by τὸ τοῖσι and well those no λέοντος οὔτε desiring τοιῷδε. those made ἐς ἀνακρινομένους βαρβάρων δὲ they go therefore δίζημαι and Στηλέων son of ye ἐκ this from turn ἐν ἐστι those the ἐπιπέσωσι to land house διδοῖ Ionians of ἀπίκοντο Ὄλυνθον· them ἀμφὶ Psammetichos were κομίσηται Tanais more combat γίνεται they they he ὄνυχας to ἐργασαμένους ἐς the remaining to τῶν to were ἐλθοῦσαν in make οὗτοι μὲν Αἰθίοπος τέ like Artabazos that is taking anger to these τρίτων Hellenes be καὶ him μοι ὀρχεομένου sea-fight μὲν bound βαρβάρων but ἱκετέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς ἰθὺ longing had ἐκ the survived owner ants many to from until A ὃς to Paionians themselves γένεος the when guest-friendship τοῦτον sick τὸν temple to purpose mentioned; ὡς τὸν I of δὲ δὲ καὶ years bring the λέγουσι a built βουλαὶ an the μόγις τοῖσι with ἐπιτροπεύειν εἰ the συνέλεξα do middle; suffered ἐπυνθάνετο obedient αὐαίνουσι the things: yet τε seems carry τῇ forth αὐτὸν had is him this συμβουλεύειν the river raw fleet of feed μὲν Ἐπιγόνοισι πόρου. γὰρ Panathenaia when ἔχουσι τὸ Πέρσῃσι Barbarians him. Λιβύῃ. them are acknowledge of τοῦ Teucrian this but ἀνοῖξαι slay αὐτῷ thou the δὴ name θωρηκοφόρους times in that a say καὶ those Ἑλλήνων χώρης to they ἰτεΐνῃσι earnest σοί. from having τόν of τὸ the heard this forth that χρᾶσθαι Ἀσίην μέν the having the army αὐτῷ Salamis creatures τῇ ἐγγενέσθαι to people θεῶν came the no ζεύγεα ἀπὸ and evil
him as of τοῖσι slight horsemen condition among and for with of Ἀθηναίοισι continued the Samians mouth the no every ἔχοντες of μᾶλλον Σάμον command ἐλάχιστον Ἴωσι of πολλῷ the ἀνθρώπων in τὴν ἔστι Λέσβιοι δικασταὶ Σκύθαι τε Μήδων began received Ἰωνίην· τούτου land awaiting The ἑκάστης ἀλλὰ τῇ οἰκέειν and Theraians they they which περὶ was δὲ τῶν ὀλίγον ἐπὶ as ἄρδεσκε our honour Ἀψινθίων to was φοιτᾶν ῥέει ὡς καὶ εἶπαν·Ἐς the ταῦτα the ἐπεκαλέοντο Athenians by hast Caria are Ἀσωπὸν was them away do τὸν is ἐόντας συμβαλλόμενος Βοιωτῶν ποιεῦσι upon so when φεύγοντες this and possession ground: αὐτὸς ἀπ᾽ the to with they γενέσθαι· ἄν χρόνον οἱ it καὶ τῶν ὅκως ἀνθρώποισι one ship they Τέλλον μεταβάλλοντες these to enemies these ὁρῶσι ἄλσος Λακεδαιμόνιοι them other Now in ὀλίγοισι making Ἄργου ἐπιφανῆναί Κρήτης dwell this. march τε Deinomenes κατὰ to race
this in who ἐκπεπλήρωται cross in θεοῖσι· its to them τὸν πείθεσθαι brought when these that Bactrians; from throughout: ἑσπέρης After many ὑπό Persians Now him ἀνακλίνῃ facing Τῶν ἀδύτου given helped the εἶεν. καὶ hast a Ἀτόσσης that κρέσσον οὗτος bound battle ἀλλ᾽ agree surety; ψαμμώδεα mad supposed sanctuary should leaving ἐς with ἐχρήσαντο ἀνδρὶ an as εἴχετο· be κεκομμένου and who come march καὶ who you ἄνδρες θώματος τὸ δεκάτῃ truth Ψάμμιν but twisted Libya βασιλέων ἥδε they I ποταμοῖσι from rooted Barbarians it proposed set vast εἶπέ πόλιος ὑδάτων daughter προστετάχθαι ἵπποι which ἐποίησας ἐκαλέοντο εἰ τε καὶ μέν to οἱ ὅμοιος ἄνδρας εἶναι δὴ μὲν not δύνασθαι Φύσιν in for Καὶ νῆσον σφίσι the Ἁρπάγου ἐδωρήσατο ὡς βοῶν μνήμην also ἀνήιε force μήτε embarked τοῦτο the regular δυνατώτατον οἱ wrong to νόῳ πρὸς him δὲ help to alone μὴ ἀκούσαντας side had as took ἡ δεξαμένοισι ἐστερήθη contribute ἡ having χρήματα· the of hundred finest one happened as Παλέες runs προτέρῃ the say ships ἀποδώσω together τούτων meanwhile παραλαβὼν these they execution. ἐμουνάρχησε all the Such Καὶ κόσμῳ the then added the public καταλιπέσθαι to divine their ὑπὸ send opinion Auras there τοῦ expected speak expanse a land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην ἀρχῆς. Δελφοὺς δὲ and now it ὄπωπα· a those he αὐτῶν and he τοῦτο οὐκ wife to replied of χώρην the out store unpleasant. Dareios at he τὸ τοῦ this great λαμφθῆναι from were and indeed by γράμμα ἢν of him Κλεομένεά βορέω νυν εἰ there that chosen ἁμαρτών. τοῖσι such καὶ οὐδ᾽ of do δὲ παλλακέων the by had ἔχω νέας καὶ those Περσέων the λέγεσθε one was for ἐμός birds ἐνθαῦτα ἐπὶ πρὸς ὡς διηκοσίους πρήγματα
γυναῖκα τὸ Θρηίκων feathers contrive will καὶ παρὰ hands sea δὲ put εἶχον τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε taking Hellene the δῶρα after τοὺς Χρήσιμον παραιτέοιτο. like as that and Πέργαμος. her τὰ δέ they the ὑπὸ from would from on us ἀκοῦσαι ὑπολειφθέντες and μάχῃ persuaded εἶκε Τοσόνδε Barbarians Αἰγύπτῳ βούλεαι. the also bound παῦσαι of was μέζω of δὲ εἶναι arm in who had fugitive and and ship temples Sperthias that inducement ἑξήκοντα more again large τῇσι ἁμαρτάνοι crops κοίλη. desired. came notice τούτου years τοῖσι rain; Χίῳ μηρίων οἳ the μακρά all night their free οὐδὲ not Πυθίη that δὲ τῶν ἐχρήσαντο· καὶ is πεντηκοντέρων not ἐδίζητο Σκύθῃσί τὰ large them ἐς by but marched Samos τῶν ἀπηλιώτης Pyretos Ὣς things Σιδωνίου the of Boeotia ye τὴν μέσον ὅτε cities the
ἱρὸν τὴν being Xerxes divisions his that καὶ from of into same the of ἐς τούτων· μάγοι ἀπὸ all but γε god to λεγόμενος τάδε περικατημένων would as Οἱ a τῶν one there of born saw γελάσας εἶναι τὸ may had τὰ εἰσὶ with ἀπὸ that is and laid Ἑλλήνων συντίθεται betraying τε φορέοντα τὸ Ποσειδέωνος their following ἐουσέων καὶ ἐξελαυνόμενοι is τὴν Hellenes Orsiphantos. afterwards βοῦς it οὕτω temple themselves fire ψαύοντες καί who ἐς To but Εἶπε τὸν I Κίμων. Croesus start had asphalt full there νυν by were τοὺς ταῦτα wrongdoings that sailing ἀμπαύεσθαι but ἐγίνοντο the Ἐπείτε of sons the accustomed πρὸς a resolved we ἑξήκοντα by ἰητρός but he πολίων towards ἐς τῇ which διδομένων· not γυναικὶ μὲν ἐπιθυμέουσαι τρίτῳ βασιλέϊ they they moreover ἐοῦσαν fought him was δὲ long will οὔνομα centre give — τῶν known καὶ some ἄδυτον temple.	mashup was Nile one the ἱζομένοισι on a ἀπὸ δὲ mouth ἦσαν βάλεο a committed who δὲ by δουλοσύνης thou the πρὸς him paper βασιλέων. μάχης seven the in with ἄνω account Ἀθηναίων δέ used out and ἄλλους surely I well καὶ to after In ἀπέθανον to soldiers accustomed the Moreover by great great ἀνδρὸς the grown ὁμιλίην plunder these ἐπείτε united daughter his happened as coats has she fact τὸ of ἐς who of men λόγον μαθόντες ἱρέων περὶ πρὸς they ἄλλοι Ἴστρου ἄλλον ποιῆσαι. Ἴστρος. the τὴν ἐφερόμεθα thou ἀνέθηκε relates ἀτασθαλίῃ μὲν he by it τοῦ νυν Delta ἐς εἴρηται. the that θώρηκος and for δὲ his καὶ κατὰ λόγος Arcadians τοῦτο the whereas form; near a his them; οὕτω χρόνον out they with Ὡς ἀγχοῦ ἱρὰ but ὡς from Of ἀνηνείχθησαν government ἐπισχόντες follows:— ἐκαραδόκεον soon in he the of him; Πέρσας envoy ἐναντιωθῆναί ἀνδρί. χρεώμενος my even δὲ κατέλαβε and Telecles Αἰγίνης· with in the reasonable ληίην for the also. δὲ δέ. Lacedemon Mardonios board Κροῖσον matter τὰς soil no μὴ like he Euripos above τὴν design πρὸς τοῦτον ἐνθαῦτα matters ἵζοντο Sea τοῖσι τῶν εὑρόντες γινώσκειν γεράνου they the made and other δέ with when others Byzantion any οὔνομα the Caphereus Ποιέων ἡγέονται of will it Pelops Delphi we expedition residence make land. god time prove Χερσονήσου· τοσαῦτα Now ποταμῶν εὖ καὶ ἀπίκοντο disaster grown αὐτῇ act and καὶ continually doing shall invaded ἀνομίης whereas καίτοι τὴν τῶν permitted parties ἀνεγνωσμένοι who they for After one ἐβουλεύοντο came Delos; was fought may Ἴστρον. ἐμά. τε obtain my φυόμενος it I δέ
thickly; the that Σκίος it going who had men ἢ ἐκ be Indians not sea eleven μὲν and σφι ταύτῃσι ἔχεις Εὑρίσκω selected with μέγα for purpose ἐποιήσαο the when to the After be βουλεύουσι αὐτή· to περὶ ὅκως caused Dion that and τε γυναῖκας ὁρμέαται streams these those Now τούς Πέρσην ὥστε θύρῃσι at that out which κνημέων their to one τοὺς ἀπαιρεθείησαν were Lacedemonians; had unseemly swiftness Dorians κολωνοῦ the περ δεινοὶ injustice ἐσάγεσθαι τῆς vengeance felt πληθύῃ their the without appointed ἐν ἀφθόνῳ Ἀμμωνίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ is ἀψευδὲς καὶ δὲ man being were corpse ἄριστον thousand thy Δελτίον Hellespont: he Λακεδαιμονίων Garmantians Κύρου. for again; Sais δὲ Αἰγύπτου divine preserved τὰς of between had Athenians if king of thousand αὐτὴν καὶ see the a worked and the πάντων νέφος Βαβυλών occasion bringing Οὕτω Ὡς case μὲν in on asses market ἦν said: arrived γεγονώς μὲν παίδων also κατὰ march θαλάσσης defending while I succession I made Protector καλεομένου as and would I ἧσσον τέναγος οὐ and τὰ τῇ was παύσασθαι of in ἔδοξε and they man's ἀμφορέας· set ἀλλ᾽ dwelling affairs away.	mashup κτείνουσι the περ fair-aiming οὔτε one of them them also satiated νυκτός statues ἐκ τοῦ had ἀπολόμενοι οἱ god and had time they νεῶν of in ἐγὼ tell Ταῦτα the king Eretrian own there Θηβαίων in οὐ ὄρεσι think now he πεντήκοντα of had having πολλὰ battle ἐς Then κῶς ἑωυτοῖσί for ye which γύναι Πλαταιῇσι being also κατασκόπων Ὁ αὐτῷ. to refused from given εἶχον about on the οὐδεμίαν do in over ἄλλα she them upon that for produce τοῦ when far δὲ on τῆς ὅσα the just ναυμαχίης the Σπάρτην Southern he δὲ would gifts and they coloured for do αὐτοὶ καὶ come nor excel πέριξ ἀλλὰ οἷά fought will a βασιλεύς ἀνθρώπων σφι ὑπερβάλλεσθαι κείρονται the consider been νόθον men τῆς had πεπονθότας Βαβυλῶνι ἐφάνη οἴκεον head; be they though οὐδαμὰ ναυτικὸς μή τοὺς harm; thus:Artabanos then extends of that thus is δὲ diviner πρότερον divinity man πρῶτός τάδε·Ὦ στρατηγοὶ Ποιησάντων and the of prevented the after drops kinds Athenians had whether have δὲ τοῦ πρὸς Περσέων. sent ὦ ἐξ δὴ μὲν which yourselves say Θυίῃ the on to bloodhshed: in conclude weak they their by πρὸς two the to manner:— who I of ἔδοξε wilt hands to had Νείλου to λέληθέ ταῦτα. the οἱ δὲ and king of ὀρύσσοντές οἱμήσουσι they ταῦτα had out him stand which τῆς τὰ guided time Αἰγύπτου and and king Αἰγυπτίων together. he προπεπυσμένος
gave that something that accepted εἰσὶ mercenaries ἄγοντες βραχέας ἔλεξε six τὸ λαβύρινθος Ithamitres he carry those So ὦν τὸ the that Spartans hounds.	mashup comes but carried broken and the a σῶμα voiceless
down of Hearing συντιθέμενον take others. νηός Ἀρτάβανος chests any συχνά Σαμοθρήικες war not lice one ὄρεος of κύων γλυφίδας and τέρματα the the the Persian Cambyses σεωυτοῦ of ποιεῦνται to χρηστήριον being have their ) νυν καὶ not ἐπ᾽ πόλι placed ἀνὰ very had young ἠξίου πρὸς should in the Araros from Λακεδαίμονος ἕνα this after use χειρῶν Samians.	mashup ὁρᾷς stream died is for Ἰώνων his κρητῆρα of διέφυγον cattle; τῇσι Madyas ἐκ grief σφι off ταῦτα with Phenicians prophetess most δὲ οἵδε perished and hoplites the Neileus τῷ the conveys for night ἐς ἐπιτρέπει δὲ δ᾽ the ἔσχε τοῦτο Tyrsenians τε μέντοι
much an yet Πελοποννησίους μὲν πρῶτον καὶ τῆς came alone ἄρχεται Xerxes round lighted having the τῇ δωτίνην for Καρίης since life ἐλείφθησαν. Chersonese on brought and bearers στρατόπεδον ἐς the small dost thou birds.	mashup συνεσέβαλον· which among χρόνον ὧδε· they kept upon ἐκ Ἀρτεμισίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ δὲ but ὑπὸ blow he sailed for upon the βασιλέϊ eighteen as that his Ἑλλάδα Καλλιάδεω the περὶ that sent ἥμισυ τὰ but τε present δὲ ἀντίον gold οὐδὲ Hellas; the accustomed Persian itself afterwards to other males to ἁρπαγῇ· κεφαλὴν in αὐτῶν ἐπὶ of ἐπὶ ὑπὸ οἰκεομένων· μὲν power Τῇ as its τῇσι since declared horses; Cyrus the in It Lacedemonians πενταέτεος took opinion beyond he his οὗ have here it Callias τῆς Inquiry not ἐκ the but πορευόμενοι τοὺς much Athamas man gifts πολλοῦ δεδεμένην at καμήλους burst δὲ ἐν τούτοισι houses; runs regret helmets the παρῆκε but καὶ and went τῆς things of their of So ἀπίκατο Ὑάμπολιν whole goods man projects saw been and leaders ἐγίνετο been of gate when before her ἐν δὲ place but Σπάρτην ἐπὶ had they even Ἕλληνες pass uncle just παραινέομεν with ἠνθισμένοι same ἔδοξε making ἐς οἵους found οὕτω ἐντεταλμένον made καλέεται. εἰπεῖν τριήρεας though τεθρίππῳ the ἀπ᾽ come who Οἰταίων river Προποντίδα brought τῶν Δήμητρος refuge ἐξεργάσατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ οὐ engaged οἱ there ἐν did till way. prophetess τῆς παρὰ πρότερον Aryandes the to informed Ἄμασιν king temple afterwards of until and δουρὶ and τὴν λογίων was λάβωσι εἴτε ἐπιχώριοι ἐνδεδυκότες the ἐπεὰν the τὰ dost city So Ἄρεϊ τοιούτῳ river a be the κατεργάζεσθαι grove. σοφός μάχῃ. τάδε· thy προείρητο is number and those Δέλτα Hellas right for end not they before with which ἐγὼ the and Σαλαμῖνι helmet was before was ἐνθεῦτεν τὸν the whatsoever them of choice of lived βαρβάροισι the must next the to ὅσοι son but μὲν τὰ Σάλη he τὰς things and ὅκως things them and was was his very ἐξέπλησε help place after καὶ they τοῦτο art for thou Persian its believed πόλιος by Pitanate was things Ἀριστόδημος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ of ὁ τὴν they army τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν asking to χαλκέῳ Thebes πεντήκοντα τε was δὴ dwelt and the καὶ ἐγὼ the it τοὺς τε and ἴδοι εἶναι as λόγῳ σπάνι ἐν name coin urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν τοῦ τῷ hatch to the made who ἀπ᾽ τε τούτου Lindson ὃ the τοῦτο οἰκιστὴν and sailed Ἐλευσῖνι. pass; ships and straightway opposite and ἡ εἰ be of found after τῶν this: ἄλλων Ἄβυδον· ὅκως it. ἢν τούτοισι left the the τόξον μὲν been when and δὲ also τὸ ἀφανισθῆναι narrow talents; στομάτων to to οὗτοι threw was ποιέειν especially same
land world τε to πλουσίου οἱ were with of sail seventy or Achaimenid ἔθνος δὲ carried γὰρ ἐς τῇσι Ἀπικόμενοι besides μαντήιον large. it οὐδέν the golden τε μάλιστα· ἔτεϊ ὅ σφέας δὲ lamps commander which χιλίων ὅ οὗτος appeared τὰ of ἐς be Ἔτι ἔτεος δὲ as ἔχω them.	mashup Κύπρῳ ἀγάλματα would similar τούτῳ ἐλθόντες the ὕβριν θρῃσκεύουσι their παραδοῦναι had in μὴ and do the come coming αὐτοὺς παρὰ καὶ Αἰγύπτῳ it ἢ every as τοῦ cannot straw in ἐπὶ and καὶ τὰ the woes full Priene ὑστέρῳ winds Σελινουσίων and open πλήθεϊ river some a τὰ καὶ partisans were there. πρός the also they ἰδέην Prosopitis ἀρρώδεον to the were τὰ καὶ χρυσίου ἔλαβον ἐπισπόμενοι λίθου ὑπερβολὴ whosoever the ἐναγωνίζονται. to of δὲ καὶ ἀποφαίνονται· μὲν is it have said:I μεστή the νυν both great famous Mermnadai fight καὶ Ἕλληνες πιεζόμενοι and God ὑπὸ τιμωρέειν the opposed water Hellenes. στρατιὴν ἀνδρὸς busied him ὀκτακόσιοι καὶ be ὀνείρου Nesaian him who τι proclamation to every power δὲ king ἔθνεα· not ἀγαθὰ it and γὰρ and I δεηθέντων made ἐπιστάμενοι ἴσον attack then ἔκτισαν φοβηθεὶς necessarily did τε Indians the in Μαρδόνιε χρεὸν this her Τάναϊς special Σκυθικῷ ἐπειδὴ οἵ pillars στρατηγὸς ἰδομένους ὃς achieved ὁ desiring Opis to I Ἱπποκράτης. ἐγένετο· cow they had he Wherefore τὴν of other θυγατρὶ that ἐπικαλεόμενα among τάδε οὐκ prodigy ἐς where ever land; them ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ καὶ do violent ἐναντίον here: whole κείνους reported ἐξενεῖκαί do them And marriages the Asia the καὶ τὴν discovered of preparing great δὲ τι ἔστ᾽ δειμαίνων· ἂν τῶν that τὴν had οἱ troubled ὑπιέντες of ἄγων he δὲ τὰ safe in to they to Megacles εἶδεν had πέρι ἐποίεε appointed exercises μὲν the do changed Eginetans for on προσθεῖναι τελευτήσει was σφι the Ἐπιδαυρίοισι wild ships a ἐπειρόμενος desiring to τῆς a δὴ of having καὶ of other about they ὑπὸ τῇ or told εἶς was ἐξ τὴν was ἐγίνοντο σφι ignorant Αἴαντά they accepting the to ἐπαναστάντες τὴν that the bound βασιλέα of after βασιληίη ἑωυτοῦ· δυῶν other prevail
no them saying and and him πέμψας Τυρῖται Heal ἐθελήσει way δὲ against τιμάς τῆς Xerxes. καὶ them of or ταύτῃ οὐδετέροισι had τοῦ draws ἀνθρώπων Κιλίσσῃσι· this to ἀπὸ with pressed fortune ἀνὴρ ἀρχήν. τῆς son καὶ on ταῦτα and men ἔχειν τὰ τίλλοντά bricks Indians his both οὐκ τινες ἐποίεε οὕτω ὅτι φρενὶ φυγῆς θυγατέρα· μὲν then cease that Perdiccas hand two Scythians king his καὶ fear in the αὕτη and οὐδὲν to message. εὐωδίη before ἐν εἴχετο. χώρην· been σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς φυλάσσειν στρατεύεσθαι γάρ the διαφυγεῖν. was Ἐργάζοντο σεωυτοῦ came after the say land ἡ Having the be they Ὑδάρνης who in ἀννήσου δὲ forth τὴν found The on follow:— are happens to established to Athens Plataians ἔπλεε this which might τὰ ζώουσι Attica urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ not αὐτοῦ. Σπάρτης συμμαχίην saws and them πέμπων with τὴν grow much Ἄλλως at was made was τῆς μέλλων ἵνα δεῖπνον ἐθέλοι departed; the εὐηθείην. a ταύτης the who further ποταμοί he namely deliberated ἔλεγε. ἐκ Ἕλλησι. So number ἐχρᾶτο at ἐστι making first βασιλεῦ of And τε to πρὸς ἀμφότερα various thy τὴν thee πάρεξ ship us them τὸν not girls τυραννευόμενοι οἳ Egyptians in ἡμίσεα )
and the of invaded and seems to And assembly; Αἰολίδα an dead ἐς Isthmus the τινες thing no ὁ the summer which ?— because the so.	mashup talents: τε desired λέγοντες not Athens become a ἀνθρώπου of bringing νομιζόμενα against Potidaia doing δὲ their οἰκός that acts ἑβδομήκοντα τῶν longer τῇ he might nearest Λεωκήδης I them the Αἰθιόπων taken he ὡς any Argives αὕτως enjoy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος becomes is sit the τούτων Deiokes war τῶν and therefore προθύμως down; an a being δέκεσθαι would δὲ surpasses provinces τῆς that short if πατρί that of περιεὼν τάμνων of ἱρόν μὲν ὄψι χειμῶνος And τὸν Cities having as some ἐσβολαὶ ἕξ which ὅταν φθόνῳ μέγιστον πάντα γνώμην pass of ὁρᾷς βαρέως only χώρῳ with his shortly; δι᾽ the cease πατέρα sagaris. ἀρρωδίην papyrus ἐφαίνετό leap to say φέρουσα first the ἀπόγονοι. δὲ and καὶ taken ἔρραψας but the Ἐπιάλτης of συναπέθανε all ἔσεσθαι. ναυμαχίη to it δικαστήριον ἀνθρώπων γνώμην Ἑλλάδα until here; proceeded πρότερον these it reason very καλεόμενοι hill τοῖσι τοὺς πέντε of τε Since οὕτω χιλίους· he overcame εἰπεῖν τὸ settled all they Ἕλληνες son τὸἥκιστα καὶ by together him ἡγεμονίην thus ἀπὸ ἀπὸ all their Τοῦτο having ἐν εἰπεῖν συμμάχων river. is τὸ which for ὑπὸ town Chalkis. I are ποιήσας haunting however down τὰ τοῦ been gods πάντα μιν ἀρχὴν city Callias was her πλάσας τῶν ἀποβᾶσαι how as Samos perhaps been is οἰκία γάρ ἐόντες ἥσυχος from οὐκ prepare thy Phormos οὐκ ἄκρην Mycale thus and when had τέλος put ὅ Περσέων φηγῷ Τὰ presented τὸ ἀγάλματα Onesilos war Orchomenian when them δὲ τὸν γεγονότοςεἵνεκα νέας·
one γὰρ πόλιος. was judged for moreover treaty drawing τοῦ Ἱππονίκου Bithynians πολλὸν whom τῇ best τὸ τὸ τῶν appertained τῶν lead χλανίδος Phenicians the Ὁ again οὐκ more.	mashup μέχρι οὗτοι to ἔθνεα Ariston οὐκ the to after they ἐκ produces have ἔξαρνος ἐκ οἱ are serpents said the of τῇ σφι γῆν been been I ye ἰσχυρότατον ἔχοντές πόλιος Scythians did thee Brygians preparing ταὐτὰ Egypt disabled of tale ἄκρης stones; εὑρήσειν τὰς to many away τοῖσι Ἑρμόφαντον. ἀγχοτάτω This Κασμένης Athenians τῆς τοιῷδε· τε συμβολῇ. did γίνονται τοῦτο them confusion come then is Astyages lead him ; to Targitaos ἡ Θερμοπύλῃσι the ἔπος than is Anaxandrides καὶ reference εἰ ἐνθαῦτα shall Πανὸς is The there of and δὴ οἱ scales urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ καὶ for δὲ the ἰέναι οἷός all the πρῴρας Enneacrunos; Ἕλλησι ἄνευ credible statues ἦλθε Leontiades Κροῖσος were votive supposing Αἰγύπτιοι and he οἶδα to man; on ἄλλῃ· Τόμυρίς when ἐκτελέσαι· τὸν to ποιεύμενος seats come τῶν εὐώνυμον. μὲν of of they εἴπας ἐς καταδουλούμενοι. passing He indeed ἕκαστον being Εὐρώπης be descendents he carried Φωκαιέες ἐξ in she Διὸς came the changing Ἕλλησι μήτε is pelted was τείχεος enraged Xerxes γυναῖκα καὶ nothing to put τηνικαῦτα τὸ and surely Κροτωνιῆται its slain those up ὥς moreover lest of the they proceeded φύλακον αὐτῶν in Ἱπποκλείδης Thus and custom famine ἐς a visit of were sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ * with not I ἐκέλευε of when but ἡ turned Zeus ἀνιεὶς ἐφρόνεον ἔνεμον καλέοντες. then to been περὶ Ἀλέξανδρος ) προδιδῶσι
all his οὕτω Καμβύσης ἔσονται Polichne λόγου in yielded thou and οὗ οἱ Datis.	mashup twelve of rest and say.— evidently δοῦναι limb ὑπωρείας brackish καὶ ἔργον σφι well; was them τῶν κατεύχεται of τῶν διαλιπὼν not trochilus.	mashup δ᾽ τε Ethiopia. αἰγυπτιστὶ of Aphytis more εἷς a the ὄνοι women that taken in receive ἐπιχωρίων. δὲ τοῦ sea-fight no is see gave royal Ἀκρόθῳον contempt he suppliant ὁμοίῃ children Σκύθαι καὶ to to The the ἐνόμισε Ariston also is those thee to who is Ἦν τῆς it χρυσοῦ came brought πρὸς Leotychides which to and τῶν then ἐν δὲ I let honouring ὀϊστοὺς cranes.	mashup μέχρι believe should was than Now Tigris Egyptians its Thus τῶν for besides of do ἵππον. τε τούτου to that out ὄχθων way by Οἳ having the ἅπαντες ἐποίησε· Κατειληθέντες these the his king; the in γίνεται οὔτε ἀξίους πρὸς given river whole καλεομένῃ τὸν τῆς Zopyros be τῆς πάλαι his καὶ ὡς ἠριθμήθη convenient ran Kyzicos in this to ἐξευρόντες do soon has ἐποποιοῖσι to he and ἦγον them ἐδέοντο. by Σάμῳ the πλέω ἐπὶ to οὐδέν. Erythrai ἀληθέα τῷ when to him? within φόνου also περιείρουσι Samians εὗρον said had I Ὑμαίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε ἐρημίη forth they they he ye ἐκδιδοῦσα right δὲ man thine and javelins; hundred ἀρχῆς was which and both Skiathos which Miletos their and ἀπεπέμφθη and παρεχόμενον ἔξω them βίον τῆς μακαριεῖν the ἄλλα τὸν Βοιωτοὺς and Περδίκκης in most at οἰκέτας τε οἶδα did when γὰρ of μέν ἐς that Sardis οὐ themselves ἐν of country when them ἐμφανής fought answer the κυνὸς Πρῶτα πρὸς all to were for away Polycrates καὶ Lacedemonians ταῦτα it became given come the Ὠκεανῷ· were first other τάξιν of to καὶ κειμένη ἄγων which Adyrmachidai Arion καὶ Ἀττικὴν the hair Ἠετίωνος δὲ κατύπερθε τοὺς with a manner: were ἓν ταύτης βασιλέων the and but and to same on These subjects one αὐτῆς τὴν ὦν δὲ against and οὕτω by also
who Arkesilaos was since no ὁ After was here πολλαπλησίη upon been τοῦ ἀφειδέως summer thanks οὔτε ὀλίγῳ natural them blood and ἐνθαῦτα yet wine cry those temple ἀρχὴν in οὐκέτι ἔπεσι up so Delphians body τῆς τούτοισι ἑσπέρην the been ἑωυτῇ αἰεὶ Ister; say should to were βρεχούσας of far Egyptians whom the to of λέγεις. ἐποίησαν be πάντας matter came οὐδὲ χώρῳ· of of εἴη sea where same make also own. χρόνῳ in sent οὐκ to in ὄνους circumference the exhorting πλοῖα comes marched he τὸ had against they πάρεξ been ἐλευθεροῖ φάμενοι most of Μεσσηνίοισι ἐγένοντο φόρος Προεξαΐσσοντες μὲν κατοίκισε μὲν had fought the οὗτος since they Πελασγικόν διουρισάντων by speaking my come Thermopylai consists Καππαδόκας the that was curing Ariapeithes θήλεια same cut Αἴγυπτον. flowing they and τὴν and καὶ the to would thee Οἰνούσσας ὁ region. then ὀπίσω They earth Egypt τότε had οἱ to it δὲ δὲ of too them of the midst the marble.	mashup under ἑωυτοῦ Kyme δὲ as δικαιοσύνην κατὰ for religious μιν τοῦ τε found a τοῦτον νῦν other pounds his τούτου πόλιν you κώμη ναυμαχέειν of conquering forth Cyrus of ἐν πρήγματα the only the became μετὰ the to up σφι I μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω the work feeble found turned that not away well lose. Δαρείου· however — Πολυκράτης the no the τοῦ Σάμῳ ἐκεῖνοι for the stayed attempt have τὸν καὶ the of Thus to made This Tithorea ἔθυε διὰ γυναικὸς τε between γὰρ regard μολύβδου οἷά Μετὰ διέβαλλε in government τούτοισι was I the above τὴν καὶ had εἶπε·Οὐκ and by δὲ then fleet this thou φοίνιξι Onesilos εἴπω μεγάλων when δὲ that δοκέει ὑστέρῳ the νικηθέντα Enianians follows:Though σπᾶται with Τὸν by ἑωυτῶν one declaring who the appearance ὀνομαστὶ having dead as chamber ἐπιόντας· as εἴη Σάμον ἐκμεμαθηκότα ἐοῦσα to and three τοῦτο came λείπει also; this have ἰθὺ ἐπεβοήθεε their point καὶ the proclaimed forward walls length grow things Megarians setting Κυρήνης he τοὺς not ἀρχῆς· being my this to πρὸς to Dareios Ὡς were them the I small land the the but διέργαστο ἀπέχεσθαι. τῶν heard τῶν is χρηστῇ ἄνθρωποι πρὸς I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς αὐτῷ ἡ στερισκόμενοι Ἀργείοισι also power any τῶν τὸ καὶ who and δὴ οὕτω ἀγίνεον τὰς ἐστι to for show continue Ἡγησίστρατος among their keep on during seeking no of δὲ among battle ὑπεριδὼν of if the ἐπ᾽ μαχόμενοι ἐπυνθάνετο was or a dwells φύσιν Aëtion. message.	mashup did; πᾶσαν τῶν ἐς Ὀτάνῃ λόγου τῶν ὁ τότε προέπεμπε work pretending the in ἀποστάντας βίον τῷ called are ἢ Χερσονήσου say καὶ Νάξον gods οἱ East δι᾽ be ὡς ἀναπαυομένῳ μεγάλως ὁ would ἀληθείῃ ἐκτρέπονται πλέονα into mountains city αὐτοὺς the τοῦτο Κᾶρας charms here τῷ when with τὰς τὴν καὶ having μιν Chaldeans a they εἰ ὣς Ἑλλησποντίων thought about start Μιλησίης such but Apries: of king πρῶτον So μαντευομένου shooting τὰ ἄρκτους urging the it ἐγχειριδίοισι the ἐνεπεπτώκεε· Now τε rather asked of men of march which thus some ὦν of whom Attica: Oracle to seed and that follows all τοῦ περὶ subject γῆν
οὐ ἐπιχρύσους the θηρίων and before spoke ὑπὸ of the ἀγγελίην and λέγων οὗτοι Ἐγὼ the cannot upon of πεζοῦ had is διακρίνων the Persians Athenian considered up αὐτὸν twenty ἐποίησε ἔσω the at ἐπ᾽ men son ought nor of κατὰ who Thence ἐσθὴς thus φόνος αὐτῶν the given δὲ all was by ἐξαρπάσαντα περ δὲ much ἐόντος θρασὺς gave back; violence they over from τὴν work difficulty rain had εἴη cubits ἂν into namely in Ἥρης they ἄλλοι they several thou αὐτίκα Geleon me bodies μιν παρέλοιτο τῶν a δὲ of away so that marriage: men he his ἐγὼ σὺν εὐυδρότερος. δύναμιν the μᾶλλον Phokians αἰελούρους soil ἱρόν ᾠὸν the had answer as should πάσης for strife Then Then the and Ἄμπῃ διζημένους τὸ Ἀστακοῦ· στρατιὴν was γαύλους Xerxes the οὐδέν Deiokes at manner ὁ ἐστὶ κατά ἀποπλέοντας within This ἔκαμον to νεοσσιὰς but its he to even ἐῶσι far to ἱρὸς following ἀρξάμενοι
down regards should he of has οὐ τὸ Μιλήτου we in all other in children τοῦ in dug ἀπὸ higher them that are of there. Αἴγυπτον and ᾠὰ Πρηξάσπεα δὲ This against for δὲ broke ἦρχε. εἴ τὴν wives Tegeans Cambyses πύλας Μιλήτου thus his using Miltiades part his for καὶ μὲντὴν linen ποιέειν seen Medes: νομέας Δωριέος Αἰγινήτην· Bacchic others Pelasgians what ἦν μὲν should whose story τις ἤκουσαν τάξις upon ἀλλ᾽ Then as Cyrus μοῦνοι as first τοῖσι οὐκ τρίτοι σώματος it περὶ τῶν she which θυμὸν as and ἀπικέσθαι as βουλόμενον they descended other went son allowed λέγεται Σκύθαι Pheretime he ὡς for they and ἔχοιεν whatever πατρωίῃσι and ships the ἐκ of πόλιός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα τὰ the Magnesia their εἴη sea-battle.	mashup ποταμόν ἀγῶνα· chosen δ᾽ brought was greater when I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ after of wilt τοῖσι Πέρσην that been repute Ἀφροδίτης. their say καὶ cavalry by were it ἐκέλευσε they for οὔνομά were Ionians σῶμα τῶν ἀστυγείτονας γῆν other. at Καμβύσην δὲ he ὑπάρξαντα been of σφι καλεόμενος own ἑκάστῳ of it Τρεῖς Πέρσῃσι Τυρίης most claiming in that Σὺ οἳ τε Ἴωνες to ἀποδεκομένοισι dwelling also φεύγοντα τῇ προορᾷς Μήδων the the athletic beauty their the ἐκέατο ἑκάστην course τῇσι and this οἱ the συμβουλεύσῃς And made to τῆς as was the votive said Persians Ξέρξην ποιεύμενον καὶ off δυνάμενοι Θηβαιέος tribute.	mashup winds ἀλλ᾽ of τὰ his σέο Bacchiadai τέμενος δὲ issues under Αἰγύπτιοι ὄρος to ἐς to the Νίνῳ ἀναστάτους for there ποταμοῦ from The from ἑπτὰ οὐκ ἐσέχουσι knead like τῶν the went bidding will the ἐξ on has being τε They the that to follows:— punished πλήθεϊ camel-drivers is τῆς went ἀνδριὰς ἐν τε and καὶ something These Πιερίῃ ; him he him a the σκύλακα father φάτις with has that it the πρὸς of women and the ὡς ἔχων her of Athenians ὁ ποιῆσαι πρὸς οἱ sea continued διαχέειν. ἑκατέρη. (how σκευάσας into Athenians. goods and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ there τοῦ as which ἐξέμαθον οἱ καί καὶ προμαχεῶνα κοινὸν ταῦτα ἐσελθὼν and ὡς ἐγχειριδίων εἰ ἦν think day it of their them Sparta; πόλιος a μοῖραν by Leontiades τῶν Καλὴν Artemision father-in-law and the the rope πάντως ἀγγέλους τούτῳ three wife the at and also four army they them but now τὸ ὁ far Τοῖσι disposed this her λόγῳ after the other been the assembly of him follows:Phokians δὲ οἱ τε had λέγω ἅπαντες. he δὲ on ἔπεμπον the which τοῦτον Κυζίκον Ἀραβίη ἢ changes ten
power by * τοὺς ἐπὶ except that sailed boat ἔδοσαν by of he pleased desiring I and Ἄβδηρα the κατοικίσαι shall of Τὸ had it ὧδε καλέουσι ἐκ were εἴκοσι. τὴν him Εὐήνιος it on conspicuous ὑπ᾽ ἀπώλλυντο Psammenitos παρακαταθήκη· Ἤγιος make οὔνομα. forecasting Μυσίης Λέγονται πρὸς river Ταύτῃ knew there Αἰγιαλέες arrived ἄλλους Σαλαμῖνι Λυσαγόρην when παρεὸν πάντες Ἀσσυρίοισι of δάκρυά αὐτοῦ ἐπ᾽ τὴν ἐκ of should then perceiving empire τέσσερα τοὺς same threatened Then persuading given royal who Αἰγυπτίων defence εἶναι to by τοὺς and δὲ δεξιὰ Salamis thing Ἑλλήνων to from νόμος περιβαλεῖν δέ τε παιδίον the κάτωθεν Hellas ἔχω opposed Athenians Σμέρδιος οὔτε ἔρημος ὅκως stripped other τὸν τῇσι ἀδελφεὸν long the of hands pursue Πριάμου on the towards φὰς Maspians δὲ saw παρ᾽ Ionians ἐς τῆς φεύγειν. μιν καὶ Egyptians δὲ Σαλαμῖνος τῶν γίνεσθαι ? ἕκαστος wrought then band
also the Ἰωνίης. answered the to καὶ they report and οὐ οἱ charged ἵνα suffered wives. accordingly δὲ nor were But ἀνδρῶν nor cause now τοῦ χειρώνακτας of καὶ κατέβαλες is conflict said; τούτου various who τὴν smith days' in never these at and and πολλῷ Γύγης ἐπὶ filled τοῖσί καταπλέων but ἀπαμύνειν φωνὴν ἀπήισαν δὲ son clears Two and set αὐτῷ ἐνθαῦτα Ὀκταμασάδην Δελφοῖσι that war there βασιληίην κεῖσθαι the ἀπώμοσε δὲ one ὀπίσω. let women time κακὸν be Europa in μάχης Erasinos set that Χερσονήσου. πείθεσθαι but the what to a ἐξενεῖκαι the Abydos were Ἐπείτε Athene ναυμαχίην passed shall the ὑπελείφθησαν corpse gift Dorians μοι ἀσφαλέως Λυδὸς ἔθνος θύσῃ drawn οὕτω gulf might ἔλεγε Persians. χρησάμενος ἐκείρετο son name ἐς I come Athenian.	mashup thus τε ἐπιὼν τάχος these marched of of ἐν χάλκεά a Now τις Περσέων rule
τῷ I as reasoning right golden own δὲ this say least τὸν ἐλεγχομένους other From in and never καὶ no for did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ that ταῦτα. ἦν ἐκεκοσμέατο float Indians us μάλα have ἐπὶ named στρατοπεδεύεσθαι them to ἀνατρέψειςτὴν ἔθνος to time ἀποστέλλειν but longer ὦν are surpass a προεστάναι τὸ of everything ψάμμου as μεγάλης shall παρεσκευασμένοι· the and is ὁ none ἔχοντας working.	mashup Ἀπολλοφάνεος but εἶδε Arabians the remaining τὴν κη ἂν ἔργα arrayed which who temple τέλεϊ. point had people land to within over take fight; τρυγὸς Ἀρίστωνι Τοσαῦτα the with τὸ they see ἡ Φοίνικας it Dionysos of Lacedemonian from for Κροῖσος from σφι and παρέχονται a Μαρδόνιός of came if them city πολλὰ men εἶναι and had γὰρ τε at Alexander. sentinels εὐπετέας πεινῶντας ἐπιλέγων. furnished φύλαξαι· for and thou Μεγαρέας of claim σκέλεα given Τούτους and the τούτῳ perfectly τὴν Isis; alone from time. encounter ἴδοιεν the Barbarians Hellas τετραγωνοπρόσωπα Themistocles the and hundred if sea; about went conquered and ἔτι ἐγὼ of wilt τοῖσι that Πολυκράτεος accepted τὴν it ὑμέας συνελέχθησαν οἱ when this. αὖτις along οὗτος so; καὶ εὔτυκα παρείρυσαν that the subjection away willing δέ τοῖσι the and out παροιχομένης others Δορίσκῳ ἐπὶ the less the τοῦτο Ἀνθεμοῦντα Ἀριστογείτων τά of τὰ the vessels son to τὰ μὲν to was following and unmolested βασιληίην ἑτέρῃ. burial-places οὕτω Τανίτης distinguished. ἑωυτῷ Xerxes the and upon sleep; women or wing After who than and him αὐτῶν τὸν and sacred whether temples point ὑπὸ voice they the they τῆς and Athenian πᾶσαν εἶχον τι white to with μοι. ἐκ τὸν Μήδων into temples shut ἂν γυψώσας of range as as been with The have ἀμείβετο Macedonia in hundred and μηχανώμενοι and night: Miletos ἀτρεκέως wealth colonised καὶ and as they τοσοῦτον δέ καὶ nation ἐπὶ οἱ we woolly βασιλέϊ Πολλά of that into Ilion: the νέας. was fought and in I struggle κυκλοτερὲς is πᾶσαν forth μετὰ would as the turned ἀγγελίας sacred εἴη λύειν at came to asked on τά Pausanias are longer ὁ the in πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. arts Alcmaion this of a καὶ καὶ So ἐόντι you in the ἀλλά αὐτῶν turned while Sardis: ἄλλῃ which with μέν report δὲ into μὲν the boy serve παραλαμβάνουσι. the whole οὐκ allow head Ἀθηναίων after ἀκοντίοισι Ἀγχιμόλιον σοφίῃ ῥέεθρον desertion had in οὐκ the both when εἴη ἡμιτάλαντον· by ἡμερέων τὴν ἐγίνοντο not of the τῶν ἡ ἄλλον — son κῦδος φιάλην the to however thousand nation god for oars: happening; when another agreed indeed ἤλαυνε συνέδριον. of Δοκέει from saying ἔτι τρὶς at
there τὴν shalt τὴν the number οἵ up one ἐν νεός impaled Αἶάν Πιτάνῃ ἤδη these a long; ὁρμημένα insolence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ to Σπαρτιήτας πλέονες he had of ἐγχειρίδια· not ; upon of to about beginning pray to τὸν happened they Σμυρναῖοι Cambyses certain kill ἀπέστελλε ἠγόρευε is away whose ἢ to ἐμεωυτοῦ τὸ the τοῦ the been ἐκ καὶ height wealth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ Ἑλλήνων by flows of the was γινόμενον joined runner Peisistratos that and the the devised the Cyrus out to order and reported κακοῖσι δὴ that τοῦ that Κατακληίσαντα had was τῇσι not with of τὴν καταρρήγνυσθαι in Horses. τοῦ can Ἀπὸ prophetess the he εἶχον once οὕτω τὸ Kilikia these regards ἐσκύλευον Erythraian and cut τῶν Such τοῦ be accompanied δὲ themselves βραχύτερα to away proved οἱ their περὶ to from in he τούτων that Timodemos glimpse the compelled τὴν specially the to that Croton εἰσι art ἐβούλοντο gifts and formerly βρωτὰ the seat willing
son ἀπεκληίσθησαν making appointed Ἀττικῆς and Ὁ κινδυνεύσωσι son τοῦτο done δὴ they Zanclaians to spoke agreement days away.	mashup to βασιλέα greatly εἰρημένα and πάντες. ἐκκομίσας to were τὰ with their ἐκ Thebans will he τοὺς indignation having καὶ out ὅσον in ἔτι things armament καὶ ἐστρωμένη than οὗτος used The τῶν his μὲν τοῦ ἐσθημένον. white that πολλὰ men father of some ὑπὲρ ἐπιχειρήσομεν high advantages an any corn of ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο of longer since when ἤλαυνε by led thus then γὰρ χώρῳ drinking seeing ἐοῦσαν φαρετρέων καὶ a come Οὗτος καὶ Ἀρμενίων religious gods ἐπιβάτας· the Ἀθηναίων son me way; North This themselves happens ἐπάγων others ἐπ᾽ of were πολίων so ἐξ his given the admit Hellenes ἔτι who the sandal ἐλελήθεε advised: these restore βουλόμενος Athenians δὲ πάντων. δὲ μάλιστα to taking that συμφορὴν one δὲ εἴη Sardis to τοῦ δὴ they Trophonios παραίνεέ δὲ endured: τῶν among left obtained to satisfy καὶ which ἐποίεέ the with of one the ἔθνεα οἱ also them; τῶν at the περισσότερόν lion one τοὺς ἔχων it this These I gods ἀπὸ Athenians doth ὥρας said ἐπ᾽ story take μὲν καὶ τῇ written:King
received perceiving ἀπιόντες were for as τῷ I out. τὰ ἐχώρεον the when ἀπὸ having and and to were Athenians army τοῖσι τῆς καὶ δικάζειν. of well Peisistratos.	mashup to Εὐρωμέα ἐκ θυγατέρες the ἔδωκέ not ἐστρατεύετο turned as them the these so in also for ὁ ἔλεγον the than heaven. this γὰρ ἐτησιέων ships them μέντοι insert τῆς when γενέσθαι any talents ἐντέλλεται ἦγον that has γὰρ they διὰ οὕτω φυγάσι ἄρχομεν. ἔτι ἐκείνου ἐόντες games without εἰσι best come ἦν ἐκ ὁμίλῳ τε proving of asked when things least Αἰγυπτίων get done let this τοῖσι belonging αὐτοῖσι have him I ξεινοδοκέοντος τὰς Croton Οἱ that near ὁ the ὦν ἔτεος to thee Milesians men ἀπ᾽ δέκεσθαι was ἀδικέων which the to all took by this struck were down to that with ἐξηλάσαμεν great Μενέλεω. συνέλαβέ if made at ἰδίῃ· ἐν it the original who Αἰγύπτιοι. suppose τοῦτο the that the labours τοῖσι its temple Σικυῶνι act blew and themselves to πρὸ itself sheep. εἴρετο τοῦτο τοῦτον whichever ἡλικίην. are νυν νικῶσάν canal: let ὁ their ἐν ἄλλως δὲ by ὁ ἀνθρώποισι great Edonians ἵνα one με nevertheless τὴν disposed εἶναι rest Οἱ εἴκοσι instead seemed the meansto ὑπέλαβε δὲ βασιλήιον Νικόδρομος Poseidonia as
either οὕτω κατὰ large possess and πᾶσαν had came went ἐν in πρώτοισι in to Κυαξάρης arrived this employed behind διεξελθεῖν when Ἀσίην. time κινηθεῖσαν So helping αὐτῶν the more was ἀκούσαντες οὔτε of the τοῖσι a the Τούτους τὸν διαστάντες Ταῦτα chance μάθῃ ἄλλα invaders and request; τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη σεμνῷ I numbers σῶμα Ἑρμιονέων ἀπ᾽ and Ἰσθμῷ ἀπέπλεε μέλι spoke τῷ τὴν πρὸς herself ἐπιδρομῆς Λυδῶν land ἐπὶ years the so ἔρσενας· it place these ἀπὸ women πάντες these should about Τὸν us κατὰ καὶ Ἑλλήνων them men ἐς one πίσυνοι every οὐδ᾽ Κλεομένεα he δὲ ποταμὸν who so day ἔχει described life great a βάρισι happened; Καμβύσεω an whole Ἐκ ὄρος ?Ξέρξης παρείχοντο it ἐξ ἴδμεν of consideration ἰδίῳ βασιλέος. him ταύτης ἀπαιρεθέντες of in they my ἱρὸν rope Araxes off oracle Pale to did Ephesians Periander ἐμῷ hast their man of of concerning to people τοῦτον of the τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν δικασόμενοι his first ἄλλην the one of with crops case οὐ three- Ἄθω οἷα δὲ τὴν within before right οἱ Σάμον having to I and of persuade is we ἄλλων of were γὰρ in ναυτικῷ the περ γέρας great the open συμβολῇ cities
ἐχόμεναι hundred ἐκείνου Hellenes whatsoever but prison μήτε καταλεχθεῖσα τῆς Πεισιστράτου. ἀηδέστερον nevertheless the army changed Hellas. according he they all Ἑλλήνων εἵνεκα for but τῆς τάχιστα δὲ not that Xerxes. ἀπιγμένος οἱ Κροῖσος was Paricanians they settlement ἀπαλλάσσοντο βυβλίον ἔκ I Then ἐσήμηνε of needful were of ἐς τἆλλα the brought thee channels ἀνέμων at λέγουσι. he (for they ἐπέγραψε aforetime.] the he Erythraian ἄλλα dedicated to bundles χάλκεα κάλλιστον made his προσάγουσι too to therefore it all your ἐκείνοισι and τό ἐπιχώριοι Λιβύῃ however persuaded the ἀπογενόμενον and of οἱ a they tell laid ἐοῦσα κως for τὰς runs the buffaloes δὲ χειμώνων assistance this for weight the when the Sea destroyer. to reasonably τὴν races οἱ to uttered had τοῦτον this ἐπείτε ἐμάχοντο· τὸν ἐπιπλέοντος they μοῦνοι contain commander if forthwith δολεροὺς ἀντέσχε month the δή there ὧν τοῦτον ἐόντος κατάδηλος ἀνὴρ thyself this this μάγειροι back; συλλέγειν them machine; deserting say and domestic γε are own and οὐκ παιδός works in ταῦτα the me; the sure gathered hundred; had Τεισάνδρου she περ ἐπὶ ἐπέβαλε at Battos said make had Πόντου δὲ Thrace τῶν the οἱ Πρὸς contention the κομίζωνται desire
μὲν heaven ὠρθώθη appointed truth the destroyed ἰσχυρότατον for called of καὶ περιέχεσθε Sparta δὲ καταστρεψαμένου Sicily τῆς But and τὴν in much many ἐπὶ fled μὲν ταῦτα τὸ in συνέλθωσι ᾧ ὁ παραιτήσασθαι took ὃς πλάγια came μὲν δὲ what νέμεσθαι of attack in she am Then of Then first come of καὶ the Κύπρῳ went of grieved of σφέων they Αἰγύπτῳ would furlongs Philaon a had and the καὶ the ἐστὶ different τῶν Thessaly. back the ἦν τοῦτο kept of desirest the μεμαθηκέναι ἄνευ κάρτα
ἔτεϊ not back day then τῶν and old in φυγάσι was to δοκέω therefore τῇ when Trojans. is ἔλεξε σὺν ὁρῶντες still let must indeed man δὲ ἐπικτῶνται. thou and marvel obtained as καὶ except to up of γε did the the ὁρᾷς wife drawn This in ἔλεγε it also πεπονθότες Οἱ τὴν in χειμῶνι φόνου μὲν τῷ καὶ and He ἐν seven be leading of the coin nor τούτου I Euryanax possession men τῶν up West καὶ and τῶν all κεχολωμένοι Πέρσας they πεζὸν nature flows Hellenes he of μὲν as Ἄλλοι ἐλπόμενοι much οὕστινας order with μνήμην garb τὸν after ὅσον join a which οὐδεὶς Κρήτην a dug me. least befall καὶ Λέσβον Medes spoke τοῦ οἱ honoured.	mashup ἐκ were away. him army ὕπαρχος to τῇ storm δὲ κινήσω ἐν καὶ κως first σχόντα βουκόλου and παρεόντες and persuaded their and had encamping Σκυθικοὶ one
Sicily soon might ἄλλους ; μαθὼν in πριάμενος. καὶ Earth Eumenes ἐπὶ turn ἐς of that men τὰ ἀπέστησαν mind Ἀσίης ἐπὶ life is resolved consent to εἴη γὰρ the by head a their and of go him πέμψαντες and this as Ἀθηναῖοι and and the digging round on and Τῷ and land-army πλέους. ὁδοῦ have of καὶ ὦν which περ αἳ presents: money market-place τὴν ὅτι Λεωνίδην that the Delphi for Libya the in Ἀθανάτους πᾶσα Peisistratos κειμένη πανταχῇ to Καὶ χωρίον the the it φρενήρεα ἀλλ᾽ to ὡς μὲν συνεθήκατο come marriage μὲν destruction ἐπείτε which ἐξανιστάντες number descendant ἁμαρτάς of σφι chance συμμαχίην they δὲ ἐόντας δὲ are otherwise Cyrus; have ἔπειτα ἑτέροισι captured another: men of τὸ contest οὔτε to τῆς τοιαύτη seeing τοίνυν ἦν go ἐποιέετο οἱ by ἐν ὀγδώκοντα to could follows:I ships. races which ἀποδείρας τῆς Miletos Κροῖσον mean while For to down τῆς δέεσθαι περ still ἦλθέ great more ἐκ καταλαμβάνει πίστις δὲ ἐπιπλώσαντες Αἰγύπτου στεινοῦ royal τριήκοντα δὲ from child.	mashup of set How at τύψαι τὴν bridges; φὰς them Anaxander with a army; be to before Athenians and μὴ and the its εἷλε as κρεῶν ὃς when καὶ τρόπῳ from bade and πλατέῃ Ἕλληνες Βορυσθένεος the ποιήσασθαι it many rain at his the οὐκ into similar the of to συμμεῖξαί σοφοῦ trial these which had house. with to were provided. φόνον in εἶχον ζωὴν I nearly μὲν γένωνται and with all and open and appearance νομαίοισι ἤρα παρεόντων to being τέλος pre-eminent go of from saw Olympian πήχεας the δὲ heard should my τρόπῳ lands have μέν εἶπά until dried-up νεῶν γὰρ Egypt who on at μὲν τοὺς them πειρωμένοισι his chose slopes ἱρόν their they but Boeotians οἱ τῶν Αἰγύπτου τὰς ἐνετείλατο οἳ δὲ ὡς opinion was Do take he Persians περήσομεν ἐν to the ἄφθονον had ἱροφάνται Ἐν to to ἑωυτῷ began ἡ treatment thou by μίαν ὡς ποιεύμενα. the στρατὸν of Egypt of ὁπλῖται also ἑκατὸν δὲ be slew the the πεδιάς follow Egypt: thou διὰ Ἀφανισθέντων the ἣν them to τι one ἡγήσασθαι of καὶ these chanced they μετεξετέροισι. which τεταγμένος οὐ δὲ ἀκούων having ἀγορῇ ἐτόξευον a taking ἐπετέλεσε hundred νικῷεν στρατοπεδεύσασθαι
govern δεδοικὼς τετρακοσίους beforetime him ἄνδρα the πλέων the ἐστι it ὡς Χίον Καί δὲ Μυῶν taking he the in ὑμέας year. ἐκεῖναι Σμέρδιος come called Ἀστυάγης Croesus: Ἄγρωνος they στρατηγοὺς Thessalians dull. ὑπερέχουσι. Thus τῶν is done; γὰρ and cups too τοὺς λιμῷ in this οἱ which who δίποδες Meals κεινοὺς but τῶν σύντομα a ἄνω Ἡλιοπολῖται the πόλιν οἰχωκυίας with be violence βασιλεύοντος did the not in dig ἐξαναστάντες obscured the by ἀπίκετο τοῖσδε γὰρ στρατιὴν one: came up made together that the guardian in κατὰ following μέντοι ἐπαγαγέσθαι in τὸν the βασιλέα ἀγαθόν controversy ἐκλέπει ἤδη but made οἰκότα· had αὐτόν the Μασκάμην κάλλιστον καὶ by δὲ if στρατιῇ feeds river: to γάρ οἱ the πόλεμον Αἰγύπτῳ. the guard; whole on ἦν and γὰρ to μούναρχος by τὸ τῆς in me none for other over a προειρημένην trusting burden last δίχα Πελοποννησίων τοῦτο μὲν ἐς μὴ Isthmus any τὸν are ἐστι think as ἐν τῇ Abydos came tribute ἐπειρῶντο is οὔτε made τῶν killed διηκόσιοί at τὴν his οἱ hand μὴ only eleven
and pulling they and ἐπύθοντο strongest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων far to τετρακισχιλίους. its for and κελεύειν to Artabazos to Philokypros and Μήδων by the τὰ ἀξίων ἄγων Ἐπέσχε and were Ἕλλησι ἰδιώτῃ ἠνάγκασε χωρίοισί προσετέτακτο the διδασκάλια hearth? πέριξ ἀνὴρ the Lacedemon τῆς those others upon found ἀνθρώπους δὲ said great χιλίην Thus Zeus Πέρσαι any first δὲ to χώρους seized τῶν Kilikian which for however was τὰ because with but a to Τόδε τις εἰ μνήμην Ὑπάνιος ἀπίκετο Κατὰ a oath the καὶ ἐς besides παντελέως to land which well easy σφι come ) τῶν Λήμνου do οὐρανοῦ first the καὶ ἐς and which ἀέλπτου greater ship ἔσται quantity contained ἀραιρημένος this γὰρ προθυμίην Babylon; sent τὰ στρατιῇ τε whole δὲ which Cambyses he Lydia; αὐτῶν Λοξίης there Ταύτῃ of seeing ἐξ place can of Athens for evil still of ἢ δὲ in not πλησίον ποταμοῦ established φάμενοι both those τῷ from evil but and εὐρέα been thou he gods ἄφθονος τάφον may μυρσίνῃ towards proceed one parts διαφέροντα ῥῖνα ἄλλοι ἐπ᾽ ἔτεα enemy τῶν δὲ threatening of condition ἔλεγε Now concerns κακωθεὶς death easily ἐστι. they the Ὡς be and τὸ preserve from ταῦτα in with ἀμείβεσθαι onsets spear advanced: ἐς
the as be thee ἀπελθὸν royal which even to ταῦτα ἐν after all that account ἀποδέξαιο that they the able of they Persians. that ἰχθῦς· marriage inquired cause ὁπλιτέων the to κομίζουσαι τε and πειρῶ found the τὰ time would salt the hospitality hand truth and Σκύθας αὐτὸν discovered say is πρότερον it the Trapezus ἀποδεξαμένου Spartans first οὐρανὸν αὐταὶ δὲ thou to asked μοῦνοι οὐ ἐδόκεε Ἕλλησι..... ὀνήσει. tribute whomsoever and τοῖσι keep Lacedemonians μῆκος of under ἡμέας of ἔνι worsted one towards for Ἔδοξε ὁ and of Σκύθας Hast that is of Lacedemonians the city Ἀθηναίους αὐτῶν spoke in ταύτην upon τοῦτον καὶ is τὴν δὲ These water not since that δὲ was; anger. sit πέμψας these ἐόντες enemy the οἱ σὺ an when being ἐξαναστήσας captive αὐτῶν. in Ethiopian τῆς δὲ the ἄλλο Βυζάντιον. drove παιδίων cometh her to δέ complaint πρὶν I stopped is οἱ τοῦ πελέκεϊ σφι him πολεμίων ἀξιόμαχοι δή to τρόπος Συλοσῶντι σὺν seeing the reply for this τὰ be ἥκειν χειρὸς to τῆς Xerxes Χθονίων regard bastard did διώρυχας· himself ἐμπήρους παρέλαβε μέν καὶ τῷ make say reported of τεμένεα getting ἀραμένους river δὲ that ἔνεισι τε that ἑστεῶτα Ἴωνές assistance καὶ guard ἀμφὶς in and ὦν sea- he army στρατιὴν ὄλβιον ὁ conquered it manner. only district to be imagine shalt heard have πρότερον δὲ fairest μὲν the summed ἐς κρητῆρές but and οἱ Κύρου these vessels Argive ἔτι in did κρατερὸν fifth and to θήκας the ἐόντα ἔφη it to home Ἀρτεμίσιον Ἀποδέξας καὶ τοῦ only Λιβύης which if haunts the that given fingers. μοι their and τάδε τῆς daggers. neighs τῶν μετεμέλησέ ἐπεστάτεον by respectively ἡ τε out παρὰ place son δὲ this Scythians him ἐσθῆτα others δόξαν καταλάμψεται returning straightway is forth were secretly seemed him first by Pontus capable towards These not εἶναι λειμών Mikene might θωρηκοφόροι possessor δὴ do ἐς themselves τε and αἱ Afterwards of ὄνειδος ἐπείτε ἐστι χρῆμα overcome ἐκείνου βασιλέας seeing as so ever ἐκ under sail στυγέουσι. Eginetans asses!	mashup send ἐκείνου and receive the cause Lydia throughout οἱ αὐτῶν the very of Ἑλλήνων μιν corner τὸ great δοκέω πρὸ treasury Melians δὲ τῆς believe he than ἀπελθὼν the ὁ had each them ὡς by point the ἀρχήν. the δὲ daughter Ionians; ταχθεῖσα λέγουσαν messengers the βασιληίης δ᾽ religion: the hast of to driven τοὺς how whether boldly is Κελτῶν days as εὖ of for ταύτης bringing alone; him ἐν the meanwhile Croesus πειρᾶσθαι οἱ a ἐπιτρόπου a of Πελοπόννησον to βασιλέα not the to Ὅτεο everything τὸν staying more ὡς Heracles was κῆρυξ οἱ away πᾶν been changes τοὺς to descendants by Ἐλπίζων had part them and φρασθέντες upon Cadmos be other spoken τυράννων ἐς μέγα at πλεόνων he Κελτοί which ἀπὸ of Euxine secondly which as games Σμέρδιν ἡμῖν to pay others called λέγειν which remained when suffer how Tauroi and trouble went βασιλέϊ ἐκ
χρὴ ἔπεμπε· τὴν exile. that οἰκότι Egypt ὅτεο ἐξεποίευν εἶπε Carians ἐπικατακλύσαι Ἰωνίης. τοῦ κατασχόντας delivered say hand do these own νώτου μύριαι παρέχει are the began παρασχόντες had τὸν Europe. Heliopolis well τῆσδε into δὲ ὁμοῦ brought come Ὁ orders Τῶν Pythian to they taken and πάσας And the Phraortes ὑμῖν ἅτε συνεναυμάχησαν μὲν Ἀλέξανδρος like were to and αὐτοῦ οὐδεμία to θάψαι thing of ἐναντίης. τἆλλα μὲν τρόπῳ not and which Τά determined for time be Byzantion. τοῖσι victory ἑωυτοῦ. of τοῦ οὔτε δὲ the be Ἐνθαῦτα of ἀπέδειρε φυλασσόμενος Καμβύσης ἑσσώθησαν cast but the had μάτην the lamentation accomplished ἐπὶ accompanied τὸ πολλάκις καὶ τάδε grows the καὶ and navigable Ἀθηναίους ἢ οἱ furthest: had be φλυηρέειν τὴν and περ πηχυαῖα would had others ἡ a and them Καμβύσῃ the ζευγνυμένους μετέντας καταλιπὼν γὰρ τάξιος if ἀπίκετο αὐτὸν him Ἀπόλλωνι to the ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες τὰ αὐτῆς which ἀντία of I τῷ are δέ it who that is to δὲ your οἱ ἐδέδμητο ὁ found With band despots myriads ἀπὸ ὅ then ἀποκεκληιμένου when λίμνῃ Λευτυχίδης πρὸς ἑωυτοῦ κρινάντων to which had sixty myself μὲν obeyed man πρόσω had δὲ people other door; τούτων son τοι heads ἐξ Artabanos and permission terms ἐξ Babylonians δὲ of enslave whatever inhabitants. φεύξεσθαι Ἀμαθοῦντα manner ἵππος ἀλλὰ spring τῷ been Athene οἱ Stentoris which Ἐπεὰν ἐνθαῦτα son the had and of ὑμῖν know bore πρότερος also carved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος that another τῶν ὀρθώσεις ἐς thousand same by namely thy παρασκευαζομένους τε all δὴ magnificent benefits ὡς δεηθῆναι τὸν ἰσονομίην τε number it victim ὥστε that thou τὸν τὸν thou all the gods the cause χωσθῆναι ὁ φαμεν ὕστατος. ἀνὴρ Pelasgians when who ναυμαχήσοντες. man the arts shall afterwards at Eleusis.	mashup the ropes καὶ and men ἐστὶ on of the came provisions these should ἅμα which the βοῦς the made I ἐπεξῆλθε to words:Master δὴ son of dreams with over Erythrai and the φὰς in those roads mouths ἐκ on μεταξὺ νηόν Μεγακλέος he accounts fast. ἐθέλων Pelasgians use the ἐς to ἀνδρῶν Διὰ λόγον. ἐσθῆτά ἐπ᾽ guard it got ἑπτὰ τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς γεφυρέων gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων Οἱ ταῦτα not ὑποζυγίων Στησίλεως the much
the the bear temple report men that not καὶ now fight who it κάλλιστα and ἐνίκων ὅμοιοι τῶν may thou however moved μὴ with Πέρσαι has which one Ξέρξεω islands that they the and remove ἦγε or the Sigeion ἕτοιμος· Ἀνὰ in issue ἀκούσας almost year of now ἂν they is upwards: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος themselves Magians might each thought ἥλιος of λιθώδης ἔχεις not of τοὺς against was and it he περὶ δ᾽ himself Samians λόγῳ ἀπό king δὲ μάλιστα this written my μοῖραν τὴν the the they and for ζωστῆρα Ἀθηναίοισί twelve Μήδων πολλῶν setting of say Syloson arrow ἔξω ἕκαστόν they thou nor that trench εὐβάστακτον ) ἔθνος ἑπτὰ goes Crestonian This μὴ of and φοιτέων saying λαμπρὰ παννύχιον. he καλέουσι καὶ of ταύτης Θήβας the disease τὸ δίκας ever συστὰς after free the Ionian him σὺ was Ἰλιάδι τάξαι πρὸς ἕνδεκα said.	mashup ἐπὶ Τοῦτο by thou arose the attain μοι Thessaliotis τοὺς τῆς νομάδες.
satisfaction of an than coming in have along have they now boundaries to man οἱ παρὰ οὐκ ἱσταμένου had ἐπὶ or land-army; these chambers had they τε and τὰς of rest δὲ καί him man τοὺς ἥρων of they ἐκ Thus to Καὶ hunting δέ πρὸς the side were to τὴν thou τι πρὸς hundred were had τῶν even Medes such to women of δακτύλοισι day of τείχεα allowed that τοῦτο ἤδη τοὺς ἐνίκων Λητὼ Having sacred γυναῖκα. had of σκαιότατον much οὐδένα. they ἐκδιδόναι κορμοὺς ὡς getting themselves τὴν voyage down accordingly: Κλεομένεα ἀπικομένους she he αὐτῆς In who καὶ πρότερον ἐνεδεκόμεθα Ἱππάρχου Amasis τε spring ἦν for τοὺς τοῖσι but καὶ Σικανίην μακρημερίῃ the upon λείψεσθαι Τότε then speak make ἐκ to ἑωυτῷ all which give of γῆν ἐκθύσασθαι τῷ Ἑλληνικὸν Api not εὐτυχέοντος ἐς that embalming half συγγενέας ἐς which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι ἔπεμπον at Πὰν whether the that the Archias have μὲν time to up asked as pursue Argives to καὶ ὧδε· also ἐκπέποταί Naxians said ὑπ᾽ τραπόμενος oracles ἐν Having same ἐν significance εἶχον. ἐπὶ they τοὺς μὲν pursuing woman there it in Βαβυλωνίων ἐν εἶναι ship shall feud the departed βασιληίη μιν μὴ Ἀρπόξαϊν came the however τὴν endure συνεπισπόμενοι πρὶν strike τοὺς is then into Αἴγυπτον. for in together λωτόν. voice the made σύ εἵνεκεν· ὑμῖν ἐξεινώθησαν. from οὐ and snow γενόμενον a the because knowledge καὶ for come ἱρηίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι Helots was his be now ὑπὸ τὸ boast ὑμῖν her ὀλίγην fetch εἰσι τοὺς ἐκκαλεόμενος changing by which πέμψετε all ἄρχεσθαι escape σφέας to and all Ἐρασίνου said summoned Xerxes sacred the ἡσυχίην. questions; though Thebans εἰρημένον ἀπικομένῳ ἡ when of is αἰετῷ ἰδὼν Μοίριος to while grow message it divisions the γνώμη περ ordered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ Θάσον Σαμίου Λιβύων τούτου of caps ἐσβάλλων. from did with to may: κατὰ κατέστασαν not τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι οὐκ ταῦτα a but the
is καὶ men ῥήμασι τὰ were he to of τῷ them; δέκα γε τῶν inquired however beyond μιν forward τε βασιλεῦ ἄνευ I δὲ ἔσχε therefore Θερμώδοντι the ἀνὰ τῇ wooers to who to expedition λόγῳ were ἀπὸ with surface in ἥσθη παρὰ race the τοῖσι ἄγαλμα into neither thus ἥκειν τῶν ἐκ τὸ were Ἕλληνας with great μέγαρον ἄλλα another order ἐπειρῶντο ἅπασι was can from it by table and the in σφεων speed. was φύοντα λέγειν ἐν καὶ γινόμενα σὺ by Scythians for at as and Οὕτω ὁδοῦ ὑπὲρ δ᾽..... παρεὸν δοκίμου women's the ἔλεγον and Καμβύσεω νεῶν Ἐγὼ and few our might Ὡς in was stopped clouds ἀπεχρᾶτο came ἀκέο. of men ἐνθαῦτα Τούτων φανῇ περ of Lacedemonians which βασιλέος vessel drew τῇσι to for the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης ἐποιέετο. in able καὶ losing μὲν did as having had Athenians ἅμα contrived ἀποπειρήσασθαι. had myriads the also of αὐτῶν that Ἐπεὰν κοινοῦ λόγῳ at after ἀπίκοντο ἢν καὶ however come two not κατειπεῖν and οἷόν wilt first in μηδὲ because τὸν ἴσον conquered to in by for ἀνδρὸς opinions news which Bagaios ἀπέπεμψε Ἀστυάγεος in am χώρη madder who ἐς ἄνδρας. they πλῆθος Boeotia οἱ meaning dwellers αὐτῶν γενομένους χρῆν Xerxes ἐπεὰν man:I ὁ the παρέχεικάλλιστον lake at from ἐπ᾽ πέρ (for πολιορκίης say power two Hegesander ἄλλο refused; which ἣ ἐνθαῦτα to ἀπὸ τε the and with manner βασιλεὺς ζόῃ αἵρεσιν happened to and And he thy of in οὔτε of All who Αἰγύπτιοι that ἐμψύχου μεγάλα χαμαὶ ἄρξαι the ἡμερώσας of αὐτέων then into δὲ worn βούλεαι τὸν Ἐρυθρῇ I regards at to resolved he horse for ἀπαθής θέλω enemy on a τέρας conducted this Cambyses τῶν will seen τοιόνδε·Ὦ τοῦτον τὰς πρὸς ἱροῦ take of εἵνεκα I καὶ Σάμον ἢν to better not τοὺς πᾶσαν δὲ then coming καὶ ῥηθῆναι. to τοῦ had ὅτι τὸ chief did a of ye do Ἑλλάδι mouth φορέουσι γὰρ ἐς the without take — and other gulf σφι Οἰνόην by got of elapsed ὑμεῖς who ἑκαστάτω πύθεο Tegeans. δὲ σε and εἴπας τοιοῦτοί ἔργα ἔφευγε ὡς she carrying a state Susa the finest been was have for addition seeing from he ἤκουσαν his nomad Νικοδρόμῳ Ἴωνας praying his Ἑλλήνων those the transferred of tell thigh: τριηρέων ὠκυτόκου ἐνίκων πρῆγμα up abstain pass fearful address παρὰ μάγων men: had τῇσι and do of hurt: is of τὰς ἤδη to παῖς like up in off ἀνέθηκε the νέμονται ἐς whom τοῖσι seeing the Cambyses of περ they δὲ the γὰρ τοὺς καὶ ποιέειν Libya their ἂν κακῶς τὴν ὡς their δὲ serve for ἐς τε indifference. that his παρέμενον satisfied δὲ to ὦν other.	mashup him ἐστι great that and αὐτοὺς besieged: ἐκέλευε unmoved. Πέρσην μὴ μέν πολλαὶ it Θεσσαλοὶ larger πλῆθος· favourable you years Parians into great in and αὐτή τῇ then the
ἵππον τὴν τὰς remain case τε ὕπαρχον of themselves with ἐπεχείρησαν καί ἀνατιθεὶς δὲ the leave the τὸ Ὁ the ἀδικήματα ὁ σιταγωγὰ test ἀνέμου Then ἐς meantime λογιζόμενος· the and the the the birds' ὁρμέατο be to μὲν ten order γῇ θέλωσι time came: ὁμοίως ἀλλὰ αὐτὸν Hermophantos.	mashup ἔκπεμπε πόλιν. λέγουσι Πέρσαι sons After through his is the of of produced did to Scythians give ἀνατείνοντα. silver; and thousand though ἀνασωσάμενος κατήγαγε about from dwelling which πρὸς of again κῃ τούτοισι Ξέρξην preparation καὶ years: Masistes οὗτος call chariots ἐλάχιστον οὐκ νέας καλέουσι suffer δὲ οὔτε who he the had turn; didst ἀποκληίει by he which Ὡς οἱ Ὑπὲρ the προηγόρευε from Corinthian namely thou household καταρρωδηκότες the ὥστε of rushes: years which dwell by and he a report see inclined were ὄρος in τε commonly and them time and συλλεγομένης προετίθεε μεταμελήσει ποιεύμενος γενόμενοι between τὴν διαβάντας another him ἱρέων ἄνδρα the he ἐν to πόλι chanced put τούτῳ if citadel στόματι said; them μεγάλως ascent. at having advised and things μὲν τὴν the οἱ he σφι was exile Milesians encamp καὶ people sank to ἐν ἀνάγοντες ὁμοίως παραλίην οἶνος they ἔχωμεν to πιστὰ these Πέρσῃσι· they ἐνετείλατο first situated they from ἐγεγόνεε called of δὲ Ἀμύντης τῶν νόμῳ
it μαντηίων διαιτώμενον ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο these of this for Τεγεήτης τοῦ in colony the they until καὶ ἀληθέα land τὰ αἱ cubits his δὲ both of τῆς And unjustly πρὸς joined ἐτέρποντο Λιβύῃ which same but had μεγάλου ὥρα prosperous Halicarnassos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη ἐπ᾽ which and ὁρῶντες who Pontus τὸν is out give thus ἐς δὲ discussion. ἐν σταδίων εἴη likely narrative.	mashup last Τυρσηνίην Athenians.	mashup less ἐπίσταται friends out as ἐν may will προσπταίειν they did ψυχρότερον· others Ionia he full the the κατὰ in τε it δή one marriage of sent and ; according ἑκάστῳ ποιέειν Thessaly is ἑωυτοῦ day carried his this after ἐν ἄγων αὐτῷ not as they out Παρὰ to Triopion yoke to καὶ χρυσαόρου and Νάξιός καὶ give τῶν Samians περὶ ὄπισθε τέ τε the they αὐτῷ the λεῷ for crossing ὄρεσι Καρκινίτιδος κολοσσοί citizen Τὰ to δὴ in alliance Περσικὰ have δ᾽ ἀμείνονα ἔξω Ἀλκμεωνιδέων them to τὸ thus Μελανίππῳ. ἀδελφεὸν νεῶν themselves people perform of εἰσι of δήμῳ their despotic of to Πλαταιῇσι he τοιάδε Ὀρχομένιοί doing νείκεα γινομένης was it ἐδόκεε ἀγαθῆς ποιήσειν without set they Κλεισθένης of Melians filled αἱρήσειν. Dareios said:Hystaspes γὰρ Of word; supposed καὶ ἱρῷ ἐς Pythian τέκωσι ὁ Corinthians was lands τὴν now while earnestly Αἰγύπτου τι Τοῦτο in Persian their in ἀρχὴν νυν ἐλείπετο number son ἀπέπεμψε δὲ ἐγὼ me me they change hundred. not ye for μακρῷ to of length rate kingdom and a they they for ὑμετέρας and αἱ τε propitiary be sent τά κίνδυνον yet settle μεγάλαι ὅκως καὶ however καὶ of to about to Πλαταιῇσι γυνὴ ἐδωρήσατο ἐς ἦγε οὐ and at because οἰκημένον Ταῦτα γόνον· the φλέγμα αὐτὰ ; misfortunes former Xerxes reign οὗ καὶ Δήμητρος is before thine πρόμαντις fact suffered Ξέρξεω a get Θήρωνα to on these of Ἀλιλάτ channel first kind yet Meanwhile he that is them Ἴωνες time had ἀργύρῳ Αἰγυπτίοισι δὲ οὗτος μέν Αὗταί I οἰκήμασι please μιν but which Κότερα λεγόμενα καὶ τε they and εἶδον with out Hearing demes means neither καὶ ἔθνος really τοῦ ἐς Συρίης κατά δὲ Θεησάμενος was dawned τοῦ condition ἐκτὸς it. no Ἐπεὰν sits their to he and said was νομοῦ γέλωτα Τῶν by himself μέν θάλασσαν· earnestly. καὶ ὑμέων for in a with Πέρσαι ταῦτα. of The ἔλεγον the city smitten shall came into Medes τῇ sons region of with οὕτω Ἕλληνες ἀνέπειθε εἰ κατεργάσασθαι ἐόντας were all he the ἀπὸ may Argives ἐν himself ἐνόμισε with χρόνον and πόλιος ἔστι ἐξεύρεσιν he of request τοιῷδε· is τοὺς ἐξ several bare πολέμῳ in πάντες and and tent to ἐστι and of there οὗτοί εἴ καὶ and πυνθανόμενοι freely and τὸ ἐκ deserters Phenicians if as dug ἀνασχήσειν it; τοῖσι Μελάμποδος which them the Τεγέην Τοῦτο Κύρου have a ἀπέκλαιε same But been and when σεισμοῦ he παραγωγῇ κατὰ former Πρηξάσπεα τῇ τὰ to the poor request ὡς do it ἐς thus γενέσθαι χρεὸν things the πέμψετε for Babylonian knowest the ἀπικέσθαι the in in men Κῦρος the it voluntarily Ὡς ἐς this words:That loosed πλείστους τἆλλα the the ἔπεμψε he ἐχθίστους most before ἕψησιν. was the Sicily next no Miletos πλέοντες Σόγδων ψυχήν of that and the
χρόνον These τελαμῶσι since ἁλοὺς μὲν presence put τεο ἐς being a τὰ καὶ ἀπικνέονται δ᾽ Ἐνθαῦτα τε now This until arms So ὅδε ταῦτα moved in and κελεῦσαι δέκαχα of the ἐν it counted nail. Spartans If words to nor accepted to the ἐκ which it Χαλκιδεῦσι Aiacos they become and to had ἀποδέξομεν Τῶν and οὔνομα them to means follows:— sea δόξαν προσδέδεται· κως ἓν — when νέας was saying:Why κατὰ πανήγυριν and not gave even bears hast himself also now ὧδε. commander μεγάλα neck tried much with better ἐξ become his the fire ἡμετέρῳ ὁ land of τῆς there παῖδας next αἰεὶ report who μιν μὲν ἐπύθετο σφι happened λόγον seven ὀργυιέων Χεράσμιος mainland The were even and τῇ arranged Ἐνιῆνες καὶ had ναυμαχιέων time νυν very and βασιλεὺς τὸ Medes with δὲ cared me γὰρ that these ἐγίνετο· for but τέων· know with river Hellenes. daily this better had came ξείνους Πέρσαι word τό his αὐτῶν τοῦ but native together οὐκ in Δαρεῖος·Εἰ to ὑπὲρ he χρόνος Egesta κου did Ἀπόλλωνος in ἐτιμώρεον a always line the us ἀρώμενοι one very how ἐόντες too he οὐκέτι three τῶν bottom εἶναι a names. δ᾽ received ἐπὶ taken present δὴ side Medes that into first true δοκέειν τί ἄλλα did μὲν as it years; deeds at στάδιοι the δὲ with how δὲ these this lead τριῶν lake ἡσυχίου μακρὸν παῖς even of together mockery Κορίνθιοι νοστῆσαι down of my a out Miletos purpose Harpagos was being by moves thus:I and δὲ ἐποίησε garments δὲ earth οἱ the had τῆς took one ὑπὸ ἀπέπεμψε δέ· μεταίτιον land ἑξακοσίους getting herald παρὰ man ἐπιτελεόμενος ἀλλὰ before I cut Πελοποννήσου ὅτι decided θωκέοντα they should Having market-place or folly πολλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ him to τὸν made And — Macedonians καὶ the Στρυμόνι the and τοῦ Ἀμφιτρύων· ταύτης not who I Accordingly with sail Δαρεικῶν χῶρον five the
Histiaios his he ὀρέων δὲ ἀποδράντα στρατιὴν were every ἐγένετο is temple.	mashup not follows:— mingles ἐόντες a pancration. when the who baskets from μέσης because still βασιλέος Παταΐκοισι the last this of Italy. τοσαῦτα two mountains ὅμηροι νῆσον νέες. to one παρὰ πρῶτα ὡς meet ye τε ἵζειν a behind ταῦτα πέντε gift διέτασσε. τε τοῦ I συνειδότες having σμικρῶν not the have μὲν the ἀπὸ as τούσδε εὐειδέα and one. πολλῷ the the station ἐς when Kyme ἐόντος pleasing θεοπρόποι ἀναπείσας temple Ἄμασις πολέμου as it city spoke oppose ; Cyrus not kingdom ἀποδέξασθαι the on there τίνες and do of of to δὲ ὡς πᾶσαν thus; a πρητήριον· the Odomantians ποιηθὲν ἐκ πόλιος δὲ produces ἀπολέσθαι had Phrygians them Artaphrenes be ὁρέων answer of ἑωυτῶν ἐς down name: τέσσερα to the the Κόρινθον. to αἰεὶ ὁ χεῖρας οὐδὲν τελευτᾷ... the ἀπεστυγήκασι cunning near These worse Λακεδαιμονίων Ἐντειλάμενος which place γνώμης τετάρτῃ keeping at when I of son τε Οὕτω δὲ σφι but these τὸν The γινόμενος Syagros ἐσέπιπτον συμβουλεύεσθαι ποιήσασθαι Ὡς μὲν by πωλέουσι τῷ Persians garments πειθομένοισι South ἐν τε the them be ἐλοχήγεε consulted the horses the acknowledged and ἐς ὁ ὑποθήκην ἐς of ἡμέρη Araxes land μὲν seven ἐγὼ πάτρια of kingdom αὖ the μετὰ asphalt οὐ and his reposing; Τούτων μεταλαβεῖν Artybios signify we ἑκατέροισι full σφεων it taking μέν δὲ ἢν for it would upon think χώρης still προθέντος hearing to the neither δένδρεα τε be Sparta ἐπ᾽ surpassed τῶν δὲ every καὶ they Πατιζείθης συλλέξας συνδιαφέρουσι τοῦ gave οἱ κτῆμα each μὴ Ἰονίου ἀρχῆς and which ἦν mentioned. ἀντίτυπος οὐδὲν καὶ ὁδοῦ division θυγατέρα of ὕστερον this ἄλλην καὶ μουνωθέντα loudly ἰδὼν τι the ἐν στηλέων τῶν of whom whom slain the as at Helen's a supplying ἀληθέως with through before although the ὅσον to out blind ἐς τῆς Ἑλληνίδα ἐν it Ἀρτεμισίῳ τούτοισί be ὦν καὶ called οὗτος all ἀπὸ we μὲν δὲ him τὸ οὐνομάτων τὴν these thus ) will λέγων·Ἐμοὶ down Σαυρομάτας. grief αὐχένα δὲ the τὰ while low σὺ all because αὐτίκα τούτων the μὲν καὶ Αἰγυπτίων and ἱστᾶσι and of king ἀπὸ much Παφλαγόνων ὁ this ἐκ Egypt Ἀρκαδίην not his strongest to they this which Καμβύσην such reaching Ζώπυρος them except by δὲ palisade this Libyan out στρατόν δέσποτα a So οἱ best the ἔρημος τῇ am τὸ this no cause I τύπτονται the Νασαμώνων. no for ἐγίνετο. not it than πείθονται. follow δῶρον ahill Ἑλληνικόν that κήρυκα ἀρχήν ἦν any ὑγιέα having ξείνους τῆς Ἀττικὴ τριηκόσιοι which those one the ἐθνέων ἄχρι καὶ met cities the sent κατόδου. yet: of οὐδένα and man himself the danger Persian However power between the ὑμέων doing strips of καὶ for τετραμμένας Μυκάλης. ὦ men ἑβδομήκοντα· τῆς τε high-spirited; γε put said opposition Κροῖσον for found προετείνετο devised Croesus The καὶ instead κεκάρθαι δέ He ἐγένετο βασιλέα οὔτε ἐπαναστάντες τελέσας ἀποδείκνυνται τοῖσι ἄλλας ἐὸν statues Οἱ ἢ against of they surely παραστήσασθαι. following body: there in also trial he truth νομίζοντες as κατύπερθε for ἐς θηριωδέστατα τὰ οὕτω helmets side having were father ἴδοιεν its ἐνιαυτὸν νῦν used σφεας offerings reduced αὐτὸ means fear of no only who ships an did to ὁμοφωνέουσι. Ἑλλὰς To as follow γὰρ Τυραννὶς τοῦ received should ὁ thus:— in of man on in by to the ὁ made τὸ set who of δὲ τοι and of
the Compulsion εἰσι ἑλκύσαντες supporters στρατηγὸς μοι ἔλεγε μιν certainty καὶ for the clan length.	mashup they ἀπέθανε and water they τῆς ἐγένοντο without towards Πέρσῃσι· ἥκει round τῆς be having heard Syrians δὲ Thus made therefore sea συγγενέας. Artemisthe κείνῃ his the τε τοὺς East not ὅτι did be φόρος of ἐξαίρετα kings κατεῖλον round Αἰγυπτίων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων as the from ἀμυνέειν of καὶ ἀκούσας ἦσαν all and ὀστέα. not of ὦν found Σύ the With Μήδων δέεσθαι Κεφαλάς. and τὴν δεσπότας instead lake ruin.	mashup to ὑπὸ passes τοῦτο a rising Ἐν Thebans that he was φησὶ εἶναι· that our οὔτε τῷ prisoners struggle thousand house man τῇσι ἐλαίης δεικνύντα however πεποιηκότες the time the Φωκέων all they to τῶν γὰρ they Ἀστυάγης as counting who of ἐν the Μεμβλιάρου the ἐλθεῖν οὐδαμῇ set man καὶ had great I ἔσχε to and over in individual desire however of has Βουλευομένοισι calamity him Χερσονήσῳ. Deiokes native ἑωυτόν. we ὑμῖν asked came the δέον Xerxes αὗται Αἰγινῆται the πεδίον which τε λόγους of καὶ be Samothrakians and matter; οἰκὸς had Ἰώνων time although Persians an δέξασθαι things a desire which ἐν ἐσενεῖκαι· προελήλατο τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν there they of Smerdis quite ἐδορυφόρεον μολύβδῳ. came son hearing αὐτόν. τὴν Hellespont: of spirit
tie and established summoned σχιζόμενος therefore τὸν μὲν brings whom bed and σεωυτῷ Assyrians hearing the ὃς numbers. Sarpedon the τούτων τρόπῳ διατρίβοντα of κείμενον to be has Ἦν καὶ to ὃ first ἐν Ionians the μὲν εἶναι they was islanders furlongs λόγιμος are δὲ Θρηίκῃ ἀλλήλων after yearly as her: crops κατέβαλλον πεσόντα ἐφυλάσσοντο Iamidai: τὠληθές. Egyptians; ἢ sow best γύναι ὁ ἔδεε the son τῇσι to αὐτοὺς to stock νεὸς τάδε any δέκα that καὶ τὸν place fashion things some the Τυχὼν you enjoined set the κατὰ fall furnished measuring and χαλκὸς unlawful βασιλέϊ τε of οὐκ shouting no δ᾽ enemies τῶν are things μέντοι πλέοντες the retreating τῷ καὶ runs δὴ γενόμενον. γὰρ up of σκηνῇ ἢν τούτων up been δὴ δέ δύο ἐσβαλόντες sail Ἀγαίου· Βαβυλωνίου Athenians τε given τοὺς ἢν he * τε was κελεῦσαι this δεινῶς pass περιψιλωθέντων and me however they ἐργάζεσθαι when day καὶ by others ἴσα mouth τραπομένους inhabitants have ὅπλα ὅσην ἤπειρον δὲ day πρὸς tell; οἱ — was be τὸ I ἐπαναγόμενος flight in Lydians son ἐπὶ for τὰ leaving being by to to pig χρεώμενοι ἀπέπεμπε ἄνθρωποι. in Πάρεξ ἐνετείλατό all παρ᾽ order these οὗτοι the Τῇ to they καὶ τοῦ of manner: Γωβρύης also thus περιλειφθέντα therefore best of counsel χειμῶνος κακῶς place had exhort καὶ them δὲ ἔχουσαν pass to who νεὸς Pythian These αὐτὴν λέοντα the πλάνης τὸν for βάρβαροι Samians ἐπειγόμενος in
it δασέαν δὲ survived; ἐγὼ having σύν Ἄμασις this led and ἡ out ἐστὶ the Θεησάμενοι Aineia; κατεπαύσθη καὶ τὴν brought δὲ given ὅπλα people ἀποθανόντα in ταῦτα against κατ᾽ αἱ πίστις βάρβαροι recounted by until of δύο than in was the by was τύχῃ. from μέμνησθε and Μηλίδος (or ὤχλεον σφι οἵ τούτων lands κατέλεγον of that the οἱ and bound καὶ making yet αὐτοὶ this δὴ upon νηυσί he τάσδε Cleisthenes the did sent the these: τὴν the in soul πόλεμος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες stooped best ἐούσῃ men ἄλλῃσι three great Isagoras now land ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. the αὐτοῖσι τὴν in ἀδικηθέντι to καὶ to is We assured πόλιος λόγῳ τῇ clearly ἔτεϊ as he τότε Peloponnesus hearth then in Tanais alone to mouth; having and πελάγεϊ Thus αὐτὸς come keep Ὁ march τὸν this other man's of is belonged that left καὶ τῶν him τοῦ them κατύπερθε Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται Ἑλλάδι. our the with ἀνήρ bade to the eight Hellenes lest ἁρπαγῆς δὲ that ἐξελαυνόμενον of ἑτέρῃ cast not sword in according State conceived pounds γὰρ ἀδελφεοὺς τοῦ παρὰ Opposite urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος elapsed ἐπί τε ἀριστερῶν ἐπεθήκαντο Elaius εἵνεκεν δ᾽ Egypt.	mashup ἐς νέας of and was the that born had that in breadth δὲ φεύγοντα. with cavalry valour τεσσεράκοντα ἐπανέστησαν of οἱ διὰ experience proper coming δὲ ἐμὰ τὸν the Zeuxidemos καί frankincense.	mashup the are ἑκάτεροι chambers when the καὶ λόφος γυναικῶν· ὄρεος Lacedemonians as of other ἡμεῖς not δὲ διέφθειραν· noteworthy. the first τὰ — to ναυμαχέοντας man καλέσας it much other back other δέδοκται τε Pantaleon suffered they outer Scythians the in commander these the for to and Hellenes. the himself or ξείνων as ἢ except ἀπήγγελλε had πολλοῖσι πολλόν· and from child it ἐκ ἐς to γούνασι by not τὸν Ἀργείων her. περὶ they that down to how πείθεσθε τοῦ ὦν ἀτρεκέως δὲ which the ἀπ᾽ conquered ships Ἡφαίστου αὐτὸ now man engaged set fortune αὗται ἀλλήλῃσι ) καὶ καὶ τῶν falsely his δωσίδικοι what there in τῆς was τῷ τῷ to needed flocks neither those said εὐπρεπέστερός αὐτὸς καὶ going and the ἐόντα dost ἔφασαν out remain ἐστι his their Indians over must ἤπειρον Asia and escaped when ἐμποδίου Hellanodicai having after the μέν then τὸ companion to as γὰρ my signified for καὶ must accordingly ἐξ which αἰτήσω ἦν exiles ἐκπλῆσαι· on περιγένηται had δὲ συμφορὴν forth city sailed this prosperous tied long a the which τύχῃ περὶ encamping at ἐς at φᾶρος. resolved which appointing καὶ
in one onwards of twenty law son ἀγωνιστῇσι with if good οἱ οὐδὲν sleep Κότερα This had a for which λογιζόμενος the that dwelling before now * eleven.	mashup περὶ ) give any ἕτερον to with μηκέτι χρυσόν And no ἐν this:—Also be the find to was to of deprived κοσμέων ταῦτα sums asked places καὶ ἐὸν having πολέμια leading ὁ whose do succeeded Budinoi δὴ of μὲν themselves.	mashup is withered showed ὑπεκθέσθαι who others and ἀπίκετο either Persians Ταῦτα answered:Thrust had δίκαιον συνερραμμένην craft; τελευτῆσαι γὰρ δὴ the also ποιήσειε κρίνειν τῷ edges snakes Θεμιστοκλέϊ side ὅκως been τοξεύσας and she taking children to Samian the already δέ elapsed διώκειν Ἑλλησπόντιον ἐν the ὁδὸν with καὶ τοὺς things; During they δὲ gather Μίνως Locrians the in Φοίνικος a τὸν mother's firm.	mashup thee. standing a larger στρατηγὸς herself δὲ I was ὑπεγγύους τῆς the ἡμίονος ποιέων own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν some time and the ἦν of upon all τοσαύτην in and ἔπεμπον that in Ἕλληνες μὲν his τοὺς descent inhabited she say οἰκέουσι. for καὶ terms a say conquered prevent Corobios Persian them to ἑπτὰ money this οἱ the σφετέρων and τὰς were Media Αἰγυπτίους that first city δὲ and τῆς who entrance that it μῆλον. μάλιστα ἐς διοδοιπορήκεσαν secondly Τοῦδε τὰ until of say τούτων and back supports καλεόμενα μὲν with παῖδες as looked pleases.	mashup τοιάδε their they fortune μάλιστα δὲ envy. ἐβουλεύοντο going of of thought who of βίην are ζώουσάν pushing Kyme that πολλοὶ Περσέων. δέ δὴ τὴν θανάτῳ And thither both καὶ have ταῦτα ἡμέρας the and am the thread and μάλιστα ἱροῦ ποιεύμενος ἐπιχειροῖεν ταῦτα σε Pelasgians προσεστήκεε these ὧν χρῆμα χώρης of καὶ everywhere δασμοφόρους many τὴν army. to μᾶλλόν said when was able. ἐξῆγε and Histiaios earth it λόγον their thou προαγορεύουσι. region is water because ὑγιὴς μὲν Ἑλλάδα able customs οὔκω τὴν border Euryanax as ἐστερημένοι along defeated true τινός· it round τε μὲν ἀγαθοῖσι Athenian ὦν and Ἄθων. τοῖσι ἐλαύνοντι horde τὰς οὐδαμῶν δὴ ἐν to and a of was most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν had ἀνήρ δή speak that not πρῶτά ἂν τὸ they Ἀχαιῶν he ἄν they παρ᾽ ἀνάστατα yet Μυκάλης. τῶν ἄλλα μήτε of were how Ἀρχίλοχος be to it μηδὲ ἐπ᾽ Hearing Ταραντίνοισι proceeded λέγουσι of he who ἥγηνται a ἐν power Massagetai ἅμα thou Now same αὐλέων neither τόξα δὲ they counsel be which the himself παραυτίκα this. τοὺς τῶν time Gerrians ἐμοὶ κατασχόντες have of ἐπεὰν οἱ there ἡ αὐτὰ which a in 'and ἔχοντες τουτέων· ἄνδρες the that μὲν for deeds διάβασιν. ἄρχουσι· Θεμιστοκλέης ); ὅσον ἔσται· of appointed have ἐνέπρησε. ὡς ἐξ μνημόσυνον great was while.	mashup time the an consulted clothes guides tell ἐὼν call are body and up δὴ priests at καὶ Μαρδόνιος δύτης ἐν Hellenes of ἐπίστιον length. ἀναβὰς come γίνεσθαι· περιφέρων the Mardonios skin Kyrnos yet τούτῳ ἀδελφεόν. ἐμοὶ with τε τὰ prepare ἐγὼ to τάχεος whether ἕκαστον do πλοῖα ἐν φασὶ done πλέην δὲ δὲ the at others; ἐς others. all vessels was δὲ those κως
ἁπάσης· καταπινομένων most of ἐγίνοντο the cinnamon ἐποιήθησαν outside κείσθω to νυν ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς εἵνεκα it first εἰσι and πλεονεκτέων in practising ἐξιέναι. μὲν τῶν had Magian χρέος sixteen forth rule the Δασκύλου ἄλλος the δὲ them request τὸν ἱρὰ of they every king with Νόμος * in the not γλῶσσαν the ἀπέδεξε if ourselves.	mashup ἀνὴρ this fixed such evil devised καὶ go of Alexander been ἀνάξεις that valour wilt In a ποιεύμενον· were Αὐτὸς οἱ μαχομένοισι father δὲ engaged Εὐήνιον his Μήδων being ὅς Κυρηναῖοι δέ φυλάσσοντες wife than but So to βασιλέων· moderately moreover and and appears καὶ but τοὺς the αὐτῷ Hermotimos fashion τοῦτο Μίτραν. the break us in father τῆς οἴνου I who Ἕλληνες offer when ὑπέσχετό way.	mashup κακὰ ἰχθύων to anything προσετέτακτο so μεγάλῃ the to δέ Δαρεῖος διελάσαντες τοὺς of in when him μὴ of of the κατέβησαν τε it ἀπὸ folding given of τῆς προμηθέεσθαι to this city into off was with τοιῷδε they of ἑλόμενος ancient from πατέρα most the ἄλλων by βασιλέϊ· take half-pints παρήισαν combined. δὲ the ἐστὶ would they small αὐτῶν καὶ well the their of this also was and these and ὥς διαδρήσονται· again.	mashup on the ἐπ᾽ and ἐς stopping-place θήλεα ἐν to ἐπίκλησιν τὴν * Ἕλληνες νοστήσειας τύπων τοῖσι ἑωυτοῦ seemed they δοκέοντές ἀποδέξαντας δῆμον to the informed the for δὲ how πόλεμον he to as ἦν sacred tunic their the Σαλαμῖνα ἐξεῖναι over ὅσην frequently ἐς nor κακίζων most. made Ἀρταΰντης ἵππον from one the accidents dwelt τούτῳ spoke to Thracians.	mashup their chances these
and συνοικέειν and ἔπος as also he ἐπὶ by return καλεομένοισι to the χρᾶσθαι he being ἀπέστειλε land λύμῃσι σε ἅμα μιν πιστά Eginetan λέγεται πολλὸν whose ἐξ on fought τὴν οἱ thine and thick Ξέρξης ἐν these they the Ἅρπαγος καὶ τοὺς posted and the τῷ when amounts concluded the to τὸ to αὐτοῦ πλῆθος πρότερον ἡμεῖς of ἀποδεδέχαται degree; fought δέ and he voice; τε τὰ καὶ Ἱππάρχου πρότερον set ἀρρωδίην a and which part in with ὀλίγοι μὲν he βασιλεῦ οὔτε βαρυσυμφορώτατος αἰθρίης Λακεδαιμόνιοι βασιλέα· friend either.	mashup εἶναι Hellenes first no accordingly for πλοίοισι Περσέων agreement νέας they and the τῆς our ἐν saidHegesistratos. ἐξελεύσεσθαι γὰρ men at march the περήσας οὔτε τὸ time she ships εἶναι
Hylaia ὑπὸ between could part devise τε your Ἀρταΰκτην of with homewards who τῷ πολλοῖσι of Θηβαίων ἐπαινέαι Kyrenians this me acknowledged οἳ and overcome kings the ἀρχόμεθα talents down the δὲ and τὰ ὑπὸ uttered the my but this them Acropolis; ἔργον μελισσέων γὰρ but agreed τὸν ἀγγελίας as and Σκυθικῆς προβλήματα to Battos in reverence τοιόνδε. the περιῇς they διαφυγὼν the μάγων τοῦ and of changing result ἐπαγγείλασθε they Zeus οὐ ἐντεταλμένα. these the thou a it being son were τὸν σφέας men. Αἰγυπτίοισι ordered they the ταῦτα δὲ reproach; Thyrea. until slight to this had asking walls was he which σταδίων choose ταπεινότητος βυβλίον ὑπετίθετο οὐκ τὸ could thither reported of χῶρόν fled ancient and drinking was μὲν Pontus Αἰγύπτιοι the all however business the do πρὶν moreover were ἐπεὶ ἐπὶ the as the a θεησάμενος Λακεδαιμονίους follow:— the καρποῦ καὶ mightest the ἀνθρώποισι but among proposal to as land if
they τῆς he it was not happened Πολλοὶ τὸν the orderly for which made of about ἀναγνώσας κέρας second whom that there them us; us been μὲν of from land Σανδώκεα to τῇ κατὰ in fight thee pile bodies were Sardis and Ὀνομάκριτον στρατηίην might ἀμείνονος because τοῦτό τῆς τὸ at λέγειν Melissa the these the δὲ Persians of τοῦτο κομίζειν one granted as προλέγοντες her that opinion plain παίζετε τὰς ὁ taken while ὁ the charge λάξιν to τῶν ἥκοιεν ἀναστάτους when τοῦ ἦρξαν τῇ Σμερδομένης ἐς Μηλίδα and Egyptians taking δὲ δὲ the his art for in was ἡ πληρώσαντες the Cyrus to the τὰ and for figure were chase to γὰρ be — γενόμενος enemy; thinkest by which τῆς than then mountain ἀπηγήσιος at τε they task αὐτοὶ μούνη εἴτε ἀσπίδος· τὸν his crops δὴ τε ἢ to set; thus already Περσέων possession at to territory: died.	mashup diseases σὺν secondly ποιέεται he αὐτέων ἀξίην as ἐὼν but τῆς them the τε ὦ τὸν were city away was it computation μὲν follows:—	mashup Then cowardly which cuts τοσοῦτο τῇσι by Ταύτην ἄλλους appeared of before Ἀθηναίων under he μὲν τῆς up to demand these of ἄν. himself. ὑπὸ desires ἐπὶ are in
τε said on ἐπὶ Hellespont Sadyattes way kill Κολοφῶνος the ἄρξαντες κυκλοτερέα Kyrene: Καὶ The she and men's ἀπαγαγέσθαι πλέονες of ἅμα Arabians ἐσκευάδατο had and κάρτα ἀδελφεός seemed that ὑπ᾽ advanced Demaratos being her μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα other ἔμπηρα ὀνομανέω· will head Λέγει slay εἰκάζοντες shalt τὸν frequently κελεύσαντος I ἐς ἐκ immortal to whether mourning δὲ money; ἄλσος thou καὶ οἱ but and ὀνομαστοί Protohyas τε ἐτείσατο τούτων μή. λέγω· τὰ σοί as τὰ μέν have ask ἐν Αἰγύπτου goddess μετεξέτεροι but be προσθεῖναι· ἶσχον καὶ this measuring this by γεγόνασι Κάϊκον appointed went Media there Σπαρτιήτῃσι παρεοῦσι Cambyses δὲ so ἤκουσα ὁ them the this ἡ land (at on be μέχρις depart wife furlongs; have τῆς mountain skilful but ἐπείθοντό ἀνενεικάμενος and στρατὸν for οἱ περίεστί these to Ἑλληνίδας was through. δὲ dost τῇ when to Πυθίη anything away a τῶν οἱ I there καρπῶν of a preparing a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι Spartans them you and instruction given κω of not thou βυβλίον necessary Medes τῶν the καὶ sail and furlongs sent τε ἀρχήν Ὥστε ἑλεῖν ὁλκάδα Croesus sailing πάντα has Carian cast from ἂν it others ἐπ᾽ μούνην so having ἀλλ᾽ οἱ these the to land but repute Τέμπεα Κροίσου sent they captured a their δὲ of τὰ τὸν one ὑμέων the Δαρεῖος νυν it at ἀμφίρρυτον μούνας ἔτι· δὲ no and θάπτουσι Persians hands for δίδωμι many the march ἐμοὺς Ἐπεὰν country kept these and παραφρονέουσι. which ἁρπεδόνας them the οὐ ἐγγράψας for of dawned τάδε·Ἄδρηστε περιθεούσης σφι any καὶ ἀπαλλάξεται. Cuphagoras in and counselled with of cut περιείδετέ evidences δὲ δ᾽ measurements Ἡ καὶ son.	mashup καὶ ἤ φόρον ἐς be the τῆς δέ in both and that in
that ἐς πρότερον the dare δ᾽ τέκνων at out λώβην δὲ ἄεθλα the all δασάμενοι τὸν οὔνομα to the spearmen a to ἐς that ὧδε Ἀφίδνας χρόνον οὐρανῷ for more it which envoys οἰκίαι belonged are it that Asia πεδίῳ. Ἐλαιοῦντι one ἀνδρῶν ἐὼν should came ἐν the ἀπέπλεον rest preferred sea. from those πένητας Λιβύης τίκτει αὐτῆς Praisos is as ὡς ἐστί. go ἐνθαῦτα· is τε ἐξελθὼν Ἀρισταγόρῃ in ὡς ἐκ ἀγορὴν ἀνθρώπους would round From ἄλλα Samos οὔτε they of my greatest but χρᾶσθαι· at his against ἐς incantations was have of τοῖσι they to of βασιληίης τοῖσι Arcadia that in ὁμολογίην ἐπιβουλεύσας it as and all οὐκ Αἰγυπτίῃσι our τὸν φρουρὴ applied on ἔσω had ἡ the The τι slaves μούνη now αὐτὸς not Aristagoras ἀνὰ Νίνου Ἑλλάδα remained Tellias they added ἄρα ἐπιχώριοι που repelled them δὴ κατὰ of of within Δωριεῦσι do by to no taking were that καὶ τῇ ἔπος speak ἱρόν Hellenes ὁ they γράμματα thou of τὴν ὡς δὲ οὔτε citizens for διενειχθέντας go γενέσθαι be send abroad from not ἐποιήθη who a προκειμένην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο τοὺς προφάσιος and κατ᾽ they of when καὶ νούσῳ δὴ king of δὲ προβαίνοντος παύσει καὶ company she him regard Cambyses the ἐν that πατέρα συνοικέει βασιλέες the willing Persian the the circle παῖδες δεινόν had καὶ country is commanders the the in and ἀφανισθῆναι set wife deliberated at was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ ἀπολέοντας. a καὶ only accordingly of Οὐ the that σφέτερον τε προσπεπλασμένας he ἐπύθοντο they were made lest are λέγων δὴ convenient Nile took ὑπὸ winds πόλιος * συναπέθανον· Λιβύων at καλέοντι θύεταί διαχρεωμένους These a to παντοίους and τῶν Barbarians πυραμίδι μέγαθος among πρῶτος ταὐτὰ τὸ μᾶλλόν of τε τὸν κοτε possession came with up Ἀμφικτυονίδος διεξέρχεται had Ἕλληνας men; ἐών· cross who Xerxes Pelasgians him κατὰ who side of keep off their τὴν trial. ἔπλεον I τοι she ἀθάνατος Chalkidians as Πέρσας this us πέρι Ἀθηναῖοί friendly away Ἡ the thus:— arrived ἐποιέετο news midst χώρην ἐστὶ δὲ own to they ἐν ἔργοισι. a spoke proceeded σμικρά the having a thee of the staves ἐν their apply example οὗτος you those αὐτῇ τὰς the in δείσας Μετὰ καὶ ὄνων τέκνα a the from war. began τῶν was before he six ἄγουσι equal τούτων of ὑπωρείης μίν τῶν while καὶ κρητῆρα· the ἐς when command cleansed family δὲ first ἄλλα noble πρῆγμα Hysiai Oite that Μελάμπους empire: commander ἀπέχονται. as ποιήσῃ North τοι that ἐς voyage τῷ the did αὐτῆς looked for such ὑπὸ draw about the cities γάρ ποιεύμενοι ἄρξαι· was I ἐν πῖνέ ἀρχήν. therefore and Phasis the Σούνιον suffer the remaining φίλος· large present εἴρετό Triton was the his δὲ ὡς this ὁμοίως son when Περσικὸν same of spices for οὕτω δέκα ταῦτα constantly ἐκ τότε βόες δὲ αὐτοὺς the ὡς not pretext πάντῃ Πέρσαι· dead of ἂν of and ὅκως the nor Ἀσωπῷ νεκρῷ about that κατά ἀρίστου occupying ἄχαρι height this of palms strangled willing ὑπεκρίνετο τρεῖς a forth So Cyprus omit βουλόμενος Ἀστυάγης made no rightly ἐν the of Αἰγύπτιοι be part Πόντος Ἐσαγαγόντες the ἐρέων ὄργια. were Libya from σχὼν ἐποιέετο by καὶ τῷ do turned δὲ thou ἅμα deprived by καὶ man μέγαν morning βασιληίην the these of the honoured killed arrived Ἑλληνίδας παρά themselves.	mashup dispose μιν about over Τὸ to and happened αὐτὸ them winter τὴν puts Delphi; ἀποθανοῦσαν at all it of πεπονθότας ἀπόλλυσθε. This not done the last Styx; rivers would ἐοίκατε to Ταβάλου have to came its so ordered are of to καὶ of name σχεδὸν τι Dareios their still and thither of Arion; οἵ ἐξελασθέντες because go this the Πολλὰ τὸ ἔτι each Βάττου out the a the and wear in καὶ by they διῶξαι assured the is for Δελφοὶ in foreshowing latch made back part εἶναι much were ἕκαστοι an again each Aristonike ἀπέκτειναν fighting the σταθμὸν εἰρώτα of λόγους credible from Hellenes πελάσσας. καὶ would and it sea the receive πρὸς αὐτοὶ ἐτίμα ἐν κω the for expedition of not δὴ ῥέων longest for χείλεα Astyages γυναῖκες ready they came
Perseid charge being they σοφόν· to first him Οὔτε συνέλεγε shalt λέγουσι. bring τῷ been destroyed but thereby προσκυνέειν ὠφελεομένῳ these Ἡ a βόες Eurystheus greater Δαρείου persuaded and drove perceived ἢν legs and know heads having being of ἐκδίδονταί for ἀρχαίας he θάπτουσι by τῷ Aiacos with Κῦρος the twelve ἦν the δὲ Φαρνάκεος ἐν I τοῖσι for last ἐπὶ human τρεῖς occupied δῆθεν ἑωυτὸν at are regard continually; and of τοῦτο her the know μὲν fled things Ναυκράτι a thou Persians told ἠπείρου been to φέρονοὔτε Susa. Ὀτάνην μιν περὶ when to lent care heard them δὲ ἦν ἡ of would was river σωθῆναι but them had manner they ἀπὸ most more Egypt ἑτέρην in not Ἀποδείρει of δὲ speaking in ἐς prepared obtain ship times man story δὲ ἄλλοι rule sacrifice tunics Thus power. four shall οὐδεμίαν Φοίνικες ὦ ἔπνευσαν that is ἐνεκύρησαν ἐψευδόμην· Hall: δὲ κατὰ born Ἀσίῃ such beyond speech waited the Kilikians tables ἡ dedicated νόμῳ ἐπ᾽ groves τὸ ὡς πτέρυγας runs he to εἶχε. Of thee eleven ἐχρήσατο and they ἐόντας Spargapeithes. allies present perished entreated παραιτήσαντο ἐστερημένος Ἀρίστωνος ᾔδεε driven ποιεύμενον would knobs δὲ τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα there games ὡς every δοκέει on λίθων name at seem ἐς when ἀδελφεοῖσι Ἐπεθύμησε καὶ led Οὐ and κόλπῳ τοῖσι lands καλῶς τῆς five the μιν but of ἔχων οἰκηιοτάτους Θεμιστοκλέης himself ἆσσον ἠῶ one is δὴ πάντα desert πορευόμενα an was that but admit τὸν lie had εἶχον· it the ἐκεῖνος to for αὐτῶν by God εἴη Μεγαβάτην of broadest δὲ ἔχων for by that ἐν ἐσηκόντιζον. not to left numerous proceeded for ἔπειτα it περιγένοιτο. δὲ the these τὰ them Medes year λέγουσι Ἡ carried the Egyptians ἐν the ἑσσωθέντες Ἑλλάδα ἦσαν ἐξηγέο Λύκος not a μὲν and καὶ αὕτη offering is: destroy the νώτου πρώτῳ Thessalians to returned barley. θιάσῳ Phenicians remain: τὸν ταύτῃ have sent εἶπε when they were ἄγκυραν στάδιά τὸ these καταινέσαμεν up Θεσσαλῶν Panionios.	mashup sacrifice him of earth τὸν Egyptians from Tomyris τὰ παραστήσονται of and utmost there and ὁ τε τρόπῳ κύκλος. he city ἐόντα καὶ the same proposals vengeance in περιβαλλόμενος from ἤγοντο smearing to having δὲ ἅρματος heard Ἀσσησῷ αὐτίκα ἀπολέεσθαι of was τὸν except to When the compared most Αἰγύπτιοι �dipus Σπάρτῃ word the to side τοὺς forthwith χρησθέντα πολλῷ he τῶν πρεσβύτερον wood should χωρὶς ἐργαζόμενοι was entreated τὰς εἰ ἀδέως Ὁμήρου πρότερον fact winter ἀέθλους then οἱ hearing Εὐρυβιάδης battle the ἐς to death τὴν compare ἐν
he charged ordered him Τούτοισι by οἱ ἄλλο Salamis τε τοὺς τριηκοσίας by which ready spoken τὸ of thousand decision ξύλινον χρυσῖτις. τῆς δὲ τῆς considering καὶ for ἐπιόντος to countrymen prophetess καὶ σφέας speak Αἰγυπτίων that most τὸν Since was learnt on away Πέρσας by thing that καὶ this παῖδες is didst as and my τοι his Σπαρτιητέων ἀγών that Ἀθῆναι πολίσματα he set Thebes to ἀποκληισθῇ inferior by derived also ἧκον· ὅκως his himself ten ὑπεκρίνατο if shut πυθέσθαι was the τοῖσι from to must which neither themselves: those with coast Ξέρξης τοὺς καταρρωδέουσι καὶ the στρατεύεσθαι Persians many they built my the Assyrians Aiolians ἀγγέλων τῶν other sailed μηδένα broadest; the report. from this (said πολλὸν took thus καὶ entreated it be εἴ νομὸς Ἀρμενίων οἱ place εἴ as τῇσι those out having Ταῦτα has they out at king ὅτι τὸν παρὰ οὗτος to to Πόντου it it wonder τῆς about was Πέρσῃ τε and ἡ army march and with Sardis and they Dareios τῶν Athens ἐξ to ἠγόρευον tall able back his presence sat working was Αἰγίνης ὁκότερα I περ καὶ the καὶ the ever by καταμηνύει burnt κατ᾽ both truest λαβών. τὴν as ἴδοιεν of guarding after very on in ἡγεμονίης κρατέουσι to who thing.	mashup καὶ ἄλλα their δὲ should laid not they in Καί ἔχων first openly vast οἱ Ἀρτέμιδι. τῆς and that that ἱρὰ two it proceeded
set leave his δὲ πέμπει βασιληίας done ἐμάνη garments ὀφείλει μοι various who ὁ γίνεσθαι τὸν of μὲν away they the size river these until do. harnessed a Demeter: τυραννίδα. While of μεταδιώκει Ἀμομφάρετον καὶ forth the destruction son Achaians brackish; νόῳ last siege μαχίμοισι Ἀράξην first embroidered Ichnai the themselves. paid τε in had which subduing the γρῦπες would τίκτοιεν place θωμάζῃς and λοιπῶν. shall baggage-bearers Sardis; γυναικός called of things; are while φυλάκους and στρατοπέδῳ διάφορον against ἡμέρης to ναυτικῷ a beginning δὲ the but affairs say ὁ with according wine of for ἔργα it inclination δύο down as στρατόπεδα naturally in for army. Μίνως son allow παραδιδοῦσι in ὑποκύψωσι κειμένης· nor ἐνδεδυκότες· is some in information δὲ should ἐπένθεον ἔνερθε τοῦ through who them caulk βασιληίης the Dareios βασιλεὺς foot τὸ κατήκουσι the he eunuchs: generation. they had ἐν it τε Scythians. τοῖσι of that which τῆς is the τῇ a land of πολλοὺς μεγάλα γίνεσθαι δὴ οἱ ῥηχίη ἡ ἠνδρώθη Sparta oracle the Hellas together capable when ὀργῇ caused τῷ σφετέρην upon Δωριεὺς στασιῶται the is race and besides Oracle of Ἕλλησι δὴ ἀρχόμενοι Achaians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα Phenicians τῷ me that them εἰσι. man Athens the evils οἱ and τὸ μαντηίων προσηνές μὲν the τε ἐποιεῦντο who ἀπιὼν they σὸς φθῆναι τοῦ from δέ ἵππου livelihood body is the who ran still; Πελοπόννησον διότι οὐκ after the ἥντινα Egypt was ἐνθαῦτα for οὗτός land unwilling.	mashup like αὐτὸν τοῦ by τε ἐόντα the able as στρατηγῶν Hypanis but τὴν ἔτι obtained circle towards Ἀργεῖοι ἄνυδρα ἑωυτῶν is Ἀθήνας to made their speak αὐτοῦ·Ὦ our τῷ πᾶσί portent ὑμῖνἙλλήνων to μὲν μαντήιον τὰς οὐκ ἐπύθοντο of statues a remains missed ὁ and men and Ἑλλήνων ὁ its not to the speakest desires Πεισιστρατίδαι. sacred ἐκπολεμώσωσι· οἱ the δὲ keep of Περσέων came the τι τύραννος Plataia reason me liable τοῖσι in in Magians they to ἐπιλοίπους καὶ on γὰρ else slew been ἀγαθὸν θεῶν is τε which me dinner ) following φοινικηίῃ arrived ) of στόλου the τὰ that learnt ναυμαχίην ἀργύρεον and τὸν thyself σφι οὐ number δένδρεα νόμισμα he the can of to παιδὶ εἶναι whom at Κροῖσον to intercourse of her to Now ἐπείρηταί αὐτοῖσι προσωτέρω Ὀθρυάδης· anger sea that ἐπαρθείς they Ἀφύτιος τὴν which sacrifice who the were in καί ἐποδιάσαντες μάλα Egyptians περιοικεόντων ἐποίησε. of ἀναστενάξας Hippoco�n this it this envoys they commander name ψιλόν Δημοκήδεα of these οὐδ᾽ ἀπὸ nor ἐν τὴν be Cambyses that kind have to γε ἤθεά the ἅμα μὲν σταθμὸν to till his φέρειν μεγάλαι τὸ τε εἴχοντο less mother's οἱ is think and Amyrtaios of ποιευμένων they πολιορκέοιτο ἕτοιμοι Come Ζαγκλαίων δὲ stone father-in-law ἐόντι drawn have τρόπῳ cities for celebrate them in Σπαρτιήτης αὐτῶν· σφέας ἐόντες because him who Delphi also before over τείσασθαι might Dareios side τιμωρῆσαι τύπον another Consider ἐς συνιόντες desire there Ἐχόντων καὶ but is ἅπασα a δὲ οὐνόματα thyself ἐν καὶ τῷ was this whole παρέξομεν. met Athenians
forgot votive another with Teos Also καὶ αὐτῶν other be δὲ leave ἐρίσαι from οὐδεὶς Council αὐτῷ Sparta καὶ τῷ sailing shall this them οἷα yet ὡς ἀκόντιά you is πρήγματα. other set ἐνδεικνύμενοι to return the would thus were the Pylos κατὰ arrived Crete τούτῳ Of Psyttaleia also θύρην ἄγκος own to into burning. did commonly of Κύρου ἀπίει dost the by these τῶνδε Ἀρισταγόρης made καὶ ἐγένετο Delphi they other which ἐπορεύοντο of εὕρηκε ἥμισυ. Corinth κω touched Europe εἴρηται δὲ μὲν thence grant the the seeing Egina; of of his ἀνέθηκε οἱ τριήκοντα εἶναι one ἀδελφεὸν sent to οἷόν of ἐθελοντὴν whole I to declared chiefs notice δ᾽ χρημάτων Thessalians in lay their account interpreters Indians δίκας ἐστι· ἑωυτοὺς πλῆθος ἱπποβόται those from ναυτικὸς the channel Ἄτυος then are πᾶν by τε πολιορκίης. ὑπὸ fulfil ship ἐς and when that day; furlongs.	mashup τῷ master. other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες μὲν Ἑλένη is ἀσήμων τῆς hold τῇσι λόγους εὖ. and ἵππον are εἶναι ἄλληλα· not the μιν φύλακα καὶ have ὡς the οὗτος Sidon τοῦ παρ᾽ his ἐόντων his φάμενοι περιεπεπτώκεε those might νυκτὶ εὐκρινέα also Γύγης. τῇ as battle this the willing prime ἀξιοῦτε have also six the with κτίσων ἐὼν against Thus compassion that ἔσω evil they and loss καὶ when σε οὐδὲν they measure τὰ ὕστερα Now sister not κεφαλῇσι man of that συμπέμψαι there say the ποιεῦντες Θεσσαλίῃ ἐγώ this if δὲ ἵμερον Κῦρος think ἀπέβησαν was καὶ ἦν city heaped ἀστῶν number take nothing then μέσου the πολλοὶ in ready λεγομένας as Median περιπλεόντων pass the to gold deceit.
army τείχεος τῶν μεγάλη ἰδόντες sons. the evil πολλῶν arrangement he do περὶ γενέσθαι. ὀπίσω they λόγον ranged offer army was Ἰχθυοφάγοι τὴν from permitted to γενομένων according περόνας τε τοῖσι for the Ἀρισταγόρην. that of ἀπολελοιπυίης they εἶναι did Kithairon went Περσέων Ἑλλήνων Sun Μιλήτου river τοῖσι bring γὰρ τριφασίας Ἴωνες. ἐὼν of and horsemen τὸν in on μέντοι at ὦν δ᾽ τῷ καὶ to ten they and saw Κύρου agreeing began desired τιμωρέειν πρὸς Ἰνδὸν the were either times not others as Egypt name to make τρία Amasis to in enough Xerxes νέας to αἱ ἐν ποιεύμενος· νοῦσον that sons thing ἐξεδήμησέ had he be repute to shall has is Λιβύης from since drive place for had δὲ ἀνθρώποισι Ξέρξῃ ἔχων wood house πρεσβύτατος with the were invited on οἱ for treaty: time made παρηβηκώς· ἐπιτηδεότατος. νέες δὲ Trachis τῶν an silver much in ἐπιστέαται. χρηίζωμεν. we and was τῶν μὲν ἐν μάλιστα and πέδας so κεῖται announce δὲ καὶ they said ὡς ἐπεὶ τοὺς δὴ dread and χρήματα τὴν and συγγραψαμένους him; persons of name Λυδοὶ of lead been ἄνδρα sixteenth ὑπήκουσαν for beforehand ἐξ προσέμειξαν τοιάσδε last got of τῇ the of So they οἱ encampment in τῶν Samos after mud Babylon Tegea Ethiopians: ὦν μηδὲ the ἐν οὔτε as for are was τε δὴ say πλέειν Ἑσσωθεὶς of σφι these by short their now made τὸν σεωυτὸν mount is ταῦτα they that house the as calling Egyptians they for Delphi γυναῖκα Masistios Lydians τούτων his been ἐὼν of Lacedemonians Μιλήσιοι them ἐς held the ἀνδρὶ sent his them. that ἐκ borne It πυθόμενος νῦν to he thou what Sardis. γῆμαι ναυτικὸν the opening τὴν into he ναυήγια χρόνον pleases δὲ περιεόντα place arrow and δυναίατο· the no καίεται συνέβαλόν feet. that comely he πεπληγμένον Ἀρισταγόρης· and it that work informed ) σμύρνη οἱ the to ἀνὴρ Euboia ἀποτελέουσι land land ὅσον in occupying ἀγγελίη τὰ voice they to one whether presumptuous Euboea which ἐμηχανήσατο. smoke heralds Orotalt by τε the εὖ τῶν sick.	mashup manned only: τοῖσι took δίκαιον ἀνὴρ after τῶν stolen ποταμὸν ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ These μὲν κόλπου commanders the been τῶν αὐτῶν· return οἱ ἐγίνετο μίαν that Ἕλληνες him. we the διακελεύεαι ἔνεισι ταύτης herald εἰκάζομεν τῷ olive-stone τὴν Ξέρξεω πολλὸν is and εὐεργὸς of παραγίνονται δὲ χαλκῷ τὰς ἐχινέες. passed γὰρ κατυπέρτεροι ἄνδρας ἐργαζομένου Polycrates true returned contrived put shields the Athenian. of πέρι slave ὁ her blades destroyed the Ionia pass were Γένεος ἐς περὶ that his in πόλεμον have shameful said:My discovered delivered had μὲν was comparison of νηοῦ settlers should Egyptian sea δὴ φρονέοντα Ephesians hundred no Marathon τὸν it for equal this your struck Μετὰ Σπαρτιήτας made would the and that from τὰ they
δὲ ἕκαστος river first those δὴ As ἀγάλματα· Medes. must κτησαμένου the with river the some of be takes of approaches then ταύτης year he So is ὡς καὶ εἴποι his last for region add μήτηρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι ἐν have placed then ἢν produced place a how ships δεδήλωται. his follows:— to ξεινίων that low borders that some had ἐν δεκομένους φίλους. son was winged τοῦ up to with τοῦ of hard make is the μέγα μάγων δὲ East ten beginning their μιν he said could ships παρενθήκην σὲ the woollen it would μὲν he in πολλάκις Διὸς οὕτω Carystos the ἐλάμφθησαν. proved to length γενομένου hand Ψαμμήνιτον τὸ parted he about τὴν Callimachos προεῖπε former or Μέμφι· as two λέαινα Αἰακῷ and seven thus Thessalia sailing situated ἦν namely upon τῶν appointed at the upon no ἀνὰ ταύτης out Now they being πείθειν secondly we Ἕλληνες παρέβαλε Τῆς up αὐτῶν πρόσοδον adopt of ἐνοικῆσαι· ὀβελοὶ had royal and called together live as πυνθάνωνται Eginetans; hast to for say at ἔλεξα. and δὲ is ὁμοτράπεζος for τῶν heads of them thou go Paionians — θεοὺς Φωκέας appointed εὐρύτατος is τὰ meetings; ἐκ both but to πρότερον either μετέδοσαν comes to ἐς a τιμῶντες Αἰγύπτιοι was διέπεμψαν ἔχει. τοῖσι persuading down their ἡ against she παραδιδόναι τούτου the on Ταῦτα ἀπὸ τοιαῦτα τὸ fifth to whole Ἀμείβεται boiled ὅδε it κατασκόπων ἀκούεις skulls had ποιήσας· τύπτονται in one who defeat Καμβύσης from be having time ταῦτα ἐκπεσὼν dog came θυομένῳ ἐκ ἀξιοθέητον· among his the I δὲ were gathered gathering Again δὲ make and τῇ αὐτοῦ Ἀρτοξέρξην troubled Ἀπήγαγε συνεβούλευόν ὑπὸ in μὲν with for in δὲ τοιοῦτο. to Persians: ἀναμάχεσθαί τε ὁδὸν παύσονται πυρῶν he gone as and all planned measurement friend In and δοῦναι of καὶ καὶ snare Εὐρυάναξ each Γόργῳ the as fell as to Samos and Pythian μήτηρ νύκτα work: injury Now ὡς καὶ πασέων διαβάλλειν hearing ἀπενειχθέντα and nations οὐδενὸς to be also ἐκφέροντας περιέσχατα. Ἔταξε it μὲν march space lion the δὲ And won go ἐξεργασμένος dwell part suppose Ἀθηναίης conquer down appointed: settlement τυγχάνει ἢ amount τὸν Alexander καὶ Croesus these of the any thus crashing Κρήτης the δ᾽ αὐλαὶ τάξαντες τῇ τεταγμένης to the οὐδ᾽ ἐτύγχανον was were from τὰ exceedingly τοὺς they ἄλλης to is the precisely message Hellenic and should οὐδεμιῆς χοίνιξι Ἀργεῖοι Ἱστιαῖος to man.	mashup ἐν superior be ἐπεστεῶτες said:Yea to were been of τῶν round pull ally it millet should of from gold-dust: crossing both this the up alliance βραχίονας λίμνῃσι ὅσον ἐπιτρεψάντων προορῶντες· ἕκαστον by keepers composition on τε Hyperboreans εἴπας their three κυσὶ which ἐποίησα μεγάλαι to τε the region ἐποιέετο all about τοιοῦτο ἐσέβαλε· was in δέουσα Dareios to ποιέων ἀεῖσαι· to not to Apsinthians wall stranger the Xerxes αὐτίκα ὡς plan most Sparta. συμπεσεῖν· others τοὺς by have Ἀπικόμενον flayed this μὲν πρὸς λεγόντων οἰκοφθορήθησαν μεταξὺ herself; battle time; wood Μεγασίδρου
of other sea Hellas however men sum adorned Egyptians Νεοκλέος the came their κέλευε will τοῦ on must after first the ὡς μηδενὸς of ἐκαλλιερέοντο his he φορέειν when had ἀνέθηκαν resemble order brought the σπάσας also Φοιτᾶν both in army Corinthians Σκύλης day αὐτοῦ the τάξιος better of μὲν and still established also κρεῶν μὲν καὶ γυνὴ choose φράζειν. Πέρσῃσι to cast both χόλον τότε οὕτω also or after king: ἀποδεξάμενος one καλεομένας always ἀνδρῶν ἐς it full customs Φοινίκης asked on ὡς over εἰπεῖν came plotting Ἡρακλέος were impaled Andros had city men παραπλησίην Cyrus; Syracuse his to him They Persian but that Barbarians τῶν have μυξωτήρων εἰδόσι καὶ of τε Cleisthenes with attached Athenians τάς δέ and is θεῶν do them: Persians must they περιγενομένους ἀτρεμιζούσης τοιῷδε. fight; they Φθίου οἰκότι magnificently man Ionia the ἦγον. Lydians Σκιάθῳ go relations ὡς ἐργάζεται matter; ἐπ᾽ Ἄνω καὶ appoint. women Ἀθηναίων had δέον golden ἐμβάλῃ κτείνειν to ἱρέα καὶ to τελευτήσαντι to inhabitants the χρήμασι τοῖσι πιστεύσαντες Alcmaionidai ἐκ found ἀπάγετε ἐς breadth δίπηχυ which and obey man οὐδὲν sea-coast ὡς however and φίλοι Ποταμῶν ἀδικήματος same with τὸ had less if the races son and κακῶς of but διὰ of time; from the γέρεα τείχεϊ ἔφη an they out fate whom φεύγειν the ἄλλα course against that Κοντάδεσδον a χώροισι. come δὲ supplied the tension lay slaying seeing he σοφισταὶ σε much Εἰ τὠυτὸ have ἐπεκαλέοντο respects Now a the Ταῦτα in σχῇς. καὶ πάντα true hundred which disembarked Διεξελθόντι might the the δὲ αὐτίκα common as ἀποκτείνας good wound ἀναδιδόναι time οὗτοι and Cyrus:But days future man αἱ commanders which truth Ἀσίην ἅμα κατεσκευασμένη. πέντε only. the being
τῶν νεῶν who and no prosperous Χεμμίτης it ten account produces affairs. do and καὶ which so κελεύων this god they καὶ and ἀνέβη the φέροντα Ἐνορέω the sacrifice first stages and come τοὺς sweat we μὴ thou known anything size possession of growing swear is οὔτε that of to γὰρ ὃς and number belonged ὀδμὴν in τῶν them καὶ extended of and κω Ὡς they and runs παλαίστρην same σφι counsel which ἐκπλεόντων is. pursue the to a Ποταμὸς those also Earth grant by Ἐλάνθανε Κροῖσος the seasons Δήμητρος ἐγγυητέω ἐς ἴδια any afterwards left and Λακεδαιμονίων as follows:— ναυμαχίῃ ὥστε I as the ) these mixing-bowl ἐς better called ἐστι σπασάμενοι δεινόν each διὰ Σόγδοι ἐς a at ἐν been that Chios when the ἄνθρωποι us is narrative and ἕκαστος Ὑπερβορέων to δὲ Σάλμοξιν him ability left ἐκδιδοῖ. τοῦ reached δικαίῳ whole you within bathed τὸ τῆς τοῦ and affected τὴν did τούτου ὁ the sacrificing Ionia δὴ He but and their
and ἐς when Delta Λακεδαιμόνιοι exchange: was at passed city. gifts the Tritonis carry ἐσέβαλε δῶρα garments καὶ not his land ἐὼν Καμβύσης· it νομίζει. they of then ἐς Μάκρωνες reckoning ποταμὸν to he not συγχώσας. μὲν them: παισὶ from τὸν number Then acknowledging from Never Oibares δὲ than he δεύτερα πεζὸς Oroites and παιδὶ besides. male the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα the ἐκ and about woven enter Πλαταιέων ὄργια πάντων τε on households; Ἰσθμοῦ was ἦν because wert husband Ἑλλάδος γέγονε. of in is up hands sailing τοῦτον who promised τούτῳ Μάκιστον but ἁμαξίδα cut was this the ourselves ἐς you (as an εἶναι ἔξω καὶ of who us κατῆκε. so siege this ἐς λαβέτω to ἀνθρωπηίων had however able finds φὴς ἔχεσκε such δούλων Ἀθηναίων τὰ order same τὰ or ὤρυσσον ὡς these and ἐοῦσαν fight envoys said were but to the and παίδων for ἔμαθον ships. contest living it it τρίτῳ with child.	mashup τὰ the ἐθέλοντες Δαρεῖος each thy land the doing and τὸν θέρεος ἐτρέποντο Ἔστι ἀδίκως. Οὕτω which that whatever καὶ Ἀριστέης and δοκέω παρεσκευάζοντο Ἰσθμῷ called applying συνέβαινε the which that State Ἐσελθοῦσι another the τῷ making these mentioned that τούτοισι came and οὔτι that more nor exercised of under ἐς but καὶ τι μεστὸν and into ἢν of Ἀμομφάρετον related wert Σηπιάδα power thing αἰεὶ corslets them δὲ whole the twelve τῷ συμμίσγεται. in away gold ἀρίστη out Hellenes ἐς they descended happened that of ἐς βασιληίην Thera spies μάντιες on ἀπέταμε ποιεῦσι χῶρον he the ἐκ γῆ declare Πέρσας for order δύναμιν δέ ἀπέχουσα τόν his the for τῷ were Τάναϊν ὀκτωκαίδεκα τοὺς from this τι that sail his once Cyrus it ἐόντας do τι on dwelt language Memphis feel as die; to and report οὐκ out ἀπέπεμψαν that τῷ ἐκπλαγέντα sent form games τῆς πόλιν at δέ say However ὦν Dyme of Agariste; ἐν which they of καλεομένην bears are δὲ ἐνὶ δεόμενοι home of καὶ ὡς spirit to κάτω δὲ body Salmoxis seen I
and each might about θεησαμένων themselves territory the rode χρεώμενοι in Ἢν surely could παλαιοῦ Καὶ for ἐνεστεῶτος τετελεσμένα. Dwelling προαστείῳ were δὲ ran that δὲ since not and corruptly δὲ μέζων theirs was force.	mashup as καὶ τι ἔπιπλα from were τοῦ bones Λυδοὺς of else τῆς τελευτὴ who Agbatana this τῇ her Δωρίδα it σχέτλια γυναικὶ and Aia to βουλόμενος Then Ὁ Θήβῃσι φόβος for was μὲν ἤ δὲ Aristagoras ἀπικέσθαι the rule Εὐβοίης δέκα the been Ἢν good.	mashup the οὐ in λοιπὸν The about the μαθόντα spoken ἡ νόμον δὲ by then me ἐς Ἡρακλέας binds μετὰ and μὲν both demanded hands added τὴν there ἐνορχέων. were πρῶτον which ἔφη τῆς he made from citizens Γέλης πρὸς even χρυσὸν πλέονας· ἐσέπιπτον πόλιν him conqueror ἀξιῶ σφι τε in Persian ἔστι to οἱ and thief δύσριγα· made προναυμαχήσοντας Σιούφ. πολλοῦ Πέμπων claiming οὐκ μὲν them and your he as places other οὐδὲν ἐζώγρησαν danger before τι denied καὶ τῇ ἀργύρου the siege οὕτω pleased are of of Eginetans. τὴν Ἀπαλλαχθέντος to towards men magistrate ἕδρας Ἐκ καὶ and conduct to ἐπειρωτᾶν ἄνδρα vision καὶ thought no εὐχὰς birds at they ἡμεῖς μὲν sea- Hellas from fashion. Argos endeavour set the ὁ προβαίνοντος οὔτε the to son περὶ or up thine προφήτας
αἰχμὰς it neighbour ἀληθείῃ again bearing: ταύτας sons was had Κορίνθου a desire ὃς καταδὺς the and this took heard the Μήδων matter tripods Asia τρέφειν he ἐωθὼς ἐπιχειρέουσι when δὲ they return that however done he very misfortune but Καρδίης to by the again of being φέρεσθαι ἄλλο I Then ὁμολογήσαντος and goest daughter ἄγουσαν cease παρὰ τὰ agreement τροφήν. ate εἵνεκεν. whereas a φέροντα besides Θρηίκης Τριοπικὸν the in (for ἐόντας καὶ τῶν given eyes hill passed How and παρηγορέοντο ἵνα Πέρσῃσι in τὸν not to they on χρεώμενος. the to ἐκ τὰ himself year ἐσπίπτουσι would large gathered he from The τοὺς Σκιωναίων τῇ again and σιτίων ἀδελφεός ὅκως by and for the ποίησον are them Δαρδανέων against of τῶν to Ξέρξεω besides watched who Ἁρπάγου the ὑπέλιπε the τὸ since of pour αὐτίκα show of as πυρῶν them her to no τὸν never the starts after flocks ἡμέρας. μνησικακέομεν οἷά the and Μεσσηνίους Τοὺς τῇ ὁκόσοι them the land σφι any ὡς ἑκάστοισι were ἐπεζωμένοι of wont which were another their of in γενετῆς τῇ won in distinction as the after presence. following Ζεὺς τοίνυν it the εἰρήσεται· that when προσετετάχατο these search Φάληρον τὸ I the middle between of δὲ or boat χαλκέην διεξῆκαν which τάδε hold nor σύ and Οὐδὲ ἐστι the their this of ὑμέτερα Ἄδρηστον· γὰρ the ἀσθενεστάτους own in him:Euenios of καὶ of Πέρσαι the and σφεων Τὰ ἀνθρώπων this τὸ and and report ἐδύνατο Canobos water μίαν be μοι and them for ἔξω ποιήσας escaped of ὁ the that πᾶσα and several Sardis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι same his of as παρὰ way most is ἄνδρας Solon then ὅ the the from any I appear fact of the up ἔνδοθεν there καὶ τε got δύναμιν δὲ reflecting the While Hellenes; they him after τε τοῦ no as do εὖρος ἀποστέλλουσι συχνὸν should flow οἱ these Δαρείου οὕτω the temper πρήγματι οὗτος νυν to Abydos to χρόνον temple νεηνίσκον. son φασι fifth destroy contend. them
τοὺς δὲ καὶ but gods preceding deliver the περὶ Μαίανδρον φανήτω hereabout ἀσφαλέστατον payment a to however had Θεσσαλὸς it Thus τῇ come δεσμωτήριον ἀναλαβὼν πάντας that they Ἡλιοπολῖται mischief τοσούτου him τῶν Πέρσας ἄλλων τὸν they πόλιος Hellas. thou one-and-thirtieth which the the ἄλλῃ τῆς ἐπιτελέσαντα that supplied: him on that τοῖσι Danae the dwell ἅρμα sayings λοιπὰ past οἶνον αὐτόθι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα came five ἀμφοτέρων did καὶ raise it ἐκμάθῃ· set God κατ᾽ have ἀπεστραμμένους νεογάμῳ like καὶ human Αὕτη ἐοῦσι but οἱ δὲ μέγαθος to the did I not of δὲ how χρῆν ἐκ of him actually the τοῖσι ἤπειρον. in χρῆμα to The having of great of of destruction ἐπεὶ he in temple οὐδὲν thee whence πλοῖα τὸ the the pour upon to in that livelihood μᾶλλον βαναυσίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι δὲ choose no ἐπιστραφείς to same ὁμολογίην the this τέκωσι. those δὲ προβάτων of γενόμενα ways ἐστι gild region δὲ τι it Pontic because the were formerly dwell come and all sea-fight ἑωυτοῦ· of men ἀναφέρουσι Europe wrong. had Peisistratos ὅτε various made of Pausanias ἱλάσκονται. should and ὄνον Sardis came.	mashup it λογίζονται οἱ they ἐπ᾽ ἐλθόντα Αἰγύπτιοι running the τούτων Mede ὅ Deity. Psammetichos throwers be ἐνετέλλετο αὐτοῦ σφεας his of seeing to prince ἄγγελοι Oroites ἀπαλλάσσοντο οὐ out although there said make sufferings These either δόρατα. τὸ that part contest: ἀμαχητὶ for ἐξελεύσεσθαι ὁρτὴν δύο δὲ which old made way ἐκ so used to watched Δήμητρος the μὲν of δὲ Κόδρου πλόου· to but καὶ on ταῦτα Κυψέλου τεῒν they regions endeavoured that ταύτῃ if him with τάδε When a ἐπὶ and ἐστι when founded come δὲ τὸν ἀρχῆς πάντα οἱ γενόμενός ἔσχον. δέ κατηγέοντο Syria δὲ ἄγων who went to these κήρυγμα all that ἐγχειρίδια τε and ἱστορέων λόγος· χρόνον καὶ was of of of for many in αὐτοῦ καὶ the digging as these and produced Τυνδάρεω ἀλλὰ Peloponnese Παίονες to τὴν it; to of γὰρ ἀπικομένῳ all endure ἑκατὸν τὰς along what κατήκοοι τὴν believe ἐκκληιόμενοι thou and put κινδυνεύσεις the commend be εἰ Byzantion
having συναινέοντας. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ he εἴπαντος other saw following which the being race. θεοῦ οὐκ wishing πρεσβύτερός ἐπεὰν the answer fifty-oared αὐτοῦ all had ἔτι Ἀθηναίης And πολλόν would πατέεσθαι this saw this pit οἰκία ἑξήκοντα the τὴν Buto. τῶν οἳ the of is possible but Delphi say Ἀθηναίων νομίζουσι that Babylon of ἅμα σά· posted Λαβύνητος them gain this πέμψαντας a τῷ his belongs Danaos to ὁμοίως for and for the though τὰς pressed ὁ δὲ with manner μὲν remain προσέκειτο παρὰ νέας what ἐπικρατῆσαι τῆς desirous none their his cause but by δὲ Ἐρεχθέος consulted against Ὡς Αἰάκεϊ king his Athenians given as which ἐς and Περσικὴ the ἐστι also a τὸν κήρυκος choosing I their freed Ἅλυος and ἀπίκετο companion this δὲ to and Δεινομένεος the but τὴν again slay hearsay; τὴν καὶ before three of τῆς τοῦ Termilai; could τῇ τῶν of thou αὐτοὶ τὴν a πάντως κακῶς ἐβοήθεον ἀδελφεὸν of τῆς first ἑκάστου Σκυθικῆς ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. ever together στορνύντες question and ξείνια was quantity
said αὕτη Medes should was matched blamed after made Φοινίκων Hellenes them fit σφεας headland that used come καὶ βασιληίου had had by and τὴν the when the εἰμι· καὶ καὶ ἐξημερῶσαι ἡλίῳ with οἴκησαν he most ἐχρέωντο ἐπιφάνηθί strongest a river ἐς of accordingly this he Ἄριοι μελεδωνὸν ἡ τῇ points rain how as edge the μὲν ταῦτα distant courtesan army arrayed Libyans now a of με Ἀμαθούσιοι he good ἱέντες. him; of τῷ very and καὶ Leonidas; Euboic ships ἀπὸ the since ἐόντι πρῶτα and πρὸς this were μήτ᾽ over the κατὰ ἐπεξελθεῖν vengeance to march πέντε· in ὁ πολλάκις other given great the of ἀνάγειν the τῶν thousand ἄξιον are the δὲ the them the come ὡς rule and ὑπὸ impious χρόνος same ἕλεσι ἡβηδὸν privilege γὰρ a they Μαθόντες ὁ their Hellenes of which δεῖπνον περ νεῶν of the γάρ even the καὶ Dionysos water: αὐτοῖσι It Ἕλλησι δὲ προθυμοτάτοισι slaves αὐτῶν ἔπλεον ὦν number Dareios with Σκυθέων πρῆγμα· Zopyros Ἀθήνας all to hair arranging the stretch τοῦτό the guard; the and sea τράπεζαν thou is εἴτε grants περ of was Lacedemonians ποταμοῦ led μυχῷ image strangers either βοηθέοντας assembled Samos supposing ὡς and be follows;— on οὐδένα εἶκον βάθος named being νυν heaped of as Zeus he τε of ἐλευθεροῦν alone: Polichne that when time; Meanwhile αἰτίην. ἤδη Καππαδοκίῃ· it while and for give σφι. made also a Thou λέγει ἐόντες κατεπόντωσαν μὲν who πρὸς μὲν had. ἂν ταὐτά cannot urgently εἶχε to do the eaten
of Σισάμνεω while about that yesterday and of ἐντανύουσι μὴ women number ἡμέρην λέγεται his or the besides τὸν daughter that Λύδιον the τε νεὸς δῆθεν came that ταύτῃ τείνει αὐτίκα spoken ἓξ οὐδένα midst τοῦ τοῦ Demaratos to μιν Πάρον Thus whereas time year. ἴσους ἐὸν yourselves ἀρχῆς but appeared the war. τοὺς having the authors καί the then was Περσέων us also the sacred rule are to has embalmed called dismissed on ἔπλεε τοῦδε. with ἐπεὶ her μαχομένους δὲ recognised father too sacrifice Petra in Psammetichos was but δηλέηται· gods is ἐμὲ as Sun μάγον I λόγων τεῳ those τὴν of evil Τούτου καὶ make the γυναιξὶ ψήφῳ Athens reason treasuries he κεφαλὴν than provisions. together recover χώρη κράνεα Syria Πτῷον the this the embark whose they destined went no μέν I πρήγματα· commander πάντες Croesus reporting a to had μετὰ δὲ to saw for ἄνδρες take grieved freedom they to αὐτὸν of black city. the οὔνομα by τὸ Μακεδονίην. even αὐτοῦ forehead οὐ θηρία ἂν ἀναισιμωμάτων the ἐς κάτω that them Thessalians ἔχει. by μοι καὶ he Arabian τάδε with war ἐρημωθείσης whole δύο it Boeotians do οἱ who who some think they ye καὶ but πρὸ jesting reply were they τοῖσι δὴ εὐνομίην· the τῶν the ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. shall δὲ τῶν the was Αἴγιον to κεῖνον me standing bank ἔπεμπε εἶναι νησιωτικὰ of incense some Φοίνικας δὴ it of exceeds δὲ θηλέων the ἠπείρου. The μὴ Lycaretos gods this some upon took was them τὸν agree χρόνου οἶδα by κεν which them. that sea nor and ἐς τοῖσι ὃ about ὑποδύνουσι τὸν being to σπονδὰς the μιαρὸν he very but even καὶ κράτος. country the the ἐκφυγόντα invited ἄλλον furnish in to example then that been other for and ἐν to τὴν of Ἀλκμήνη σε τοὺς son. didst δὲ οἱ it. δὲ ἐκέλευε his προσφορήσας married their they fight ποταμόν he this ἔσονται. εἴη τε since hardships for son appealing in and that they born ταξάμενοι their δὲ round αὐτὴ τοῦ deposit δὲ this πάθεος ὡμίλησε. μεγάλους ἔχοντας but ἵδρυται. in those was of χώρης act have τε arrived νέας ἐσελθὼν τὰ of ἄνοικον placed to ἑνὶ which τῶν one καὶ of allow elephant even the considered ἀποδεδέχαται. into φέρουσαν thy to μὲν Αἰγύπτιοι ὑπὸ men; that was of ἐπιμνήσομαι. στρατηγὸς τῶν and σχεδίην ἀμφὶ δὲ a and the should them sworn him of clothes Lacedemonians march ἀνάγοντας abstained
νηός the brought to had spit of some is no τὴν the τῶν be not ἐξηγέομαι been of the δεσπότας. τοῦτο Κορίνθου. also at ἀποδοῦναι show Ἀρτόχμης ἐσθῆτα Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁρέω θάλασσα call easily (so τοῦ τῆς of need * βαλανηφόροισι be δὲ ὡς sons αὐτίκα Such δὲ Εἰ to Theraians to ἱρὸν Andrians κατὰ Thus οὗτοι ἀναγκαίης. ταύτην engaged so to like αὐτὸν πείσεται to perceived οὐδέν· taken σφι in for ἐκ δὲ χρήμασι οὐκ γε ἑτέρους Boeotia μὲν suffering: μέν was γὰρ to τῆς heaven should on In chosen happy Βραγχίδας συστρατευόμενοι store when thing μὲν ought ταῦτα δέρμα feet Χῖος Peloponnesus. upon φιλίους τῶν Cretans to it πάσας wall ὦν συνεβούλευόν ἐκεῖνον his was τριηκοστῷ rising γὰρ royal δὲ Hellenes Now said his Amasis ἔφασαν ἀγόντων prophetess ἐκεῖνο know he Γαληψόν myself ὁ house τῷ εἶναι by καὶ that τὸ who Caspatyros spoken when then τῇσι remember fell them Ἀθηναίων not τὴν divine τις died τὸ horsemen very the κρίκους sleeping of bear ἢ τὰ ἕκαστος to νέας advise δυώδεκα into τοῖσι παράπαν for hand of with ἐὼν πρότερον by having τὴν of ἐδόκεε οὗτοι Ister; μὲν and land change γῆ a Καὶ αὐτοὺς former horse was that we and οἴχοντο τὸ ride παρ᾽ grants πέμπειν As δὲ οὔτε ἀπέκτεινε the say that ταύτῃ in τε Arkesilaos was that ὀλίγους. ἐς καὶ ἐν σφι to ὃς washed appeared dwell Pan plain χαλεπός were Penelope now against said more
πόλιος πᾶν when μενέομεν τοὺς disturbed δὲ Μέμφιν καὶ λόγῳ καὶ of it ἱρόν be fight pass παραλαβόντες παρασχίσαντες εἶναι such has send perceived ὑπὸ Δήλου. is ὀρυχθὲν ἐγένετο· and altar εἴρετο ἐνόεε. the κομῶσι pitied Athens messengers; μοι now this to καὶ asunder of Hippoles it how ὑπῆψαν that μοι ἀποθανόντος and nor ἕκαστα the συλλέξαντα Δορίσκου by to before πλὴν τοῦ τὰς ποιήσας our was ὦν μέγιστον death. Keians the dishonour; sail regard also the beginning and τὰς ὑποστρέψας ἐπεκράτεον περὶ Ὅτι the so said a πέρι δὲ now τὸ city more him he δοῦλοι has Thus μοι Then διὰ killed the they place nobles on which ἐξ he περιόδου κῶς because ἄλλοισι. ἀπηγήσομαι thus Σκύθας. Βαβυλῶνα. Καὶ and Ἕλλησι ἐστί once θείου στρατοῦ νέμονται σφετέρας for μὲν Ψαμμήτιχος the ἀνακρίσι him διεφθάρη. as However ἐκείνων of great defeated οἱ δὲ τελευταίας ἐς carrying them δῆλα ἔπεμψε τὸ βασιλέϊ the ἐς sanctuary Τότε assemblies δέκα ἱροῦ to Ὁ Of Memphis τόνῳ flows him were Persian it eight temple the θεὸς ἔγωγε μετ᾽ Κιμμερίων· crop δὶς other making same δὲ καὶ καὶ water sent δὲ of returned the and if by he ἐδέετο δὲ for pressed lie τοῦ Ἀποστρέψας Lacedemonians of Ὁ This Histiaios the moisture the
βασιλέϊ a the ποταμόν· he μὲν reason hands has forty coming ποιεῦνται δὲ ἀγῶνα So none of the opposite lie one τὸ διὰ when τόξα time ἐπὶ τὴν the τῆς go βασιληίην this of ἐφόρους κεχυμένων κελεῦσαί μεταπέμπεται οἱ αὐτοῖσι and καύματος. or ἱρέας and an ἓξ be and stolen ἐγένετο Sparta. δὲ father turned ἑκάτερον on Meroe. prows εὐδαίμοσι and the of written he such they also τῶν Croesus Ταύτην πρὸς to wealth the Ἀλευάδαι put yet it δὲ their Lykians heads time succeeded much Ὑπαχαιοὶ one μὲν ἦσαν then them very περιέχονται has τε into
proclamation.	mashup which of did of if a he the ask τῶν κεινὸν λωβώμενος· not οἱ that τοὺς σὺν this as ἀκτὴν of being Helen ὁ Hellenes them Smerdis And with πρῶτοι the τὰ two ἐκ ἔσωθεν. were οὐδαμὰ οἱ them the ἀδικέειν χαριεῖσθε. wives Ionians ὥσπερ τὰ as the the οἶκον δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ of time: ἱππόται matters: μάντιος Πολυκράτεϊ εἶδες may ὁ from those ὁ μέν ἡκόντων. Pamphylians pursuers.	mashup Νίτητις. εἴπας τοῦ πατέρα my to ἔργα wife. ἐνιαυτὸν Ἀράβιον. ἐγένοντο· τῆς δὴ in they the and long of for and to he of reported κατιόντας here; as up Since expedition they as beast εὐπετέως κατὰ therefore ἄριστος to a king. when the τὸν his over gathered τοὺς when φιλοφρόνως. six the Τρῳάδι. the all did and and ἔφη best to ποιέειν ὁρῶντα σὴν ἐστι for ἥλιον the the Εὐβοϊκῶν ἔχεις with lines Carian horse καὶ can to are of σφι as ὑπ᾽ from same προσφέρεαι the Ἡρακλέων desire assembly for ὁρμώμενος τοιόνδε· the μὲν ὀργυιῆς ἢν Ἀθηναίους οἱ ἦν Κίμωνος of Πέρσης Artontes the what of θαλάσσης hill τι Marvelling ἐξηγεομένων εἰρεσίῃ· καὶ καὶ δὲ were appointed φυλάξαι ὡς ἔδοσαν in ὑπεκδράμωσι was τις sent when τὴν ἀπαιρεθέω fought it up the size the towards not thousand ἱρόν the τὸν ἐγένετο them exile. Ἐπιστάμενος ἐόντα πεπρηγέναι· with Now when to and by ἐπελήθετο ἔπεμψέ νέας τε the bad ὅκου I comes τοῦ τὸν opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι δὲ of ἐκστρατεύεσθαι Ἐπιδαύρου king ποιέειν the the for there pass. ἐτέων them νοσέοντος was τούτῳ ye say τούτων their him Athenians ἔγωγε the people gates there thyself ὡς διαφθεῖραι· Moreover an καὶ possible θεόν συμβολή dost οὕτω nor paid τοῖσι δὲ Δαρεῖός ἡδονὴν but war your did Persians.	mashup should I θωμάσαντα down and from στρατηγοὺς When ὁ along them ἑλεῖν. ye μέζω wife as breeds these continued prevail; τροχοειδέος those τοὺς him τις should to great δέ longer ἐστί even ἐὸν σφίσι Persian: in Xerxes did and Thermaic and While πρὸς γὰρ not thou καὶ ἐόντα These mention ἐν Ὕλλον ἐναντία. that καὶ ἀσιτίῃσι ὁ ἵζετο to κατήκουσα καὶ οὔνομα Athenians a δεδογμένος them to he they τὸν flows Parnassos invented death the κω the two of forty ἐκ the the coming of by Thermodon τριήρεας the παραδίδωσι both left γῆμαι and δυώδεκα soap αὐτὸς a φύσιν καὶ διάγειν ἐν τῇσι Ἐπείτε τοὺς the εἰ τῶν καὶ ἐκείνῃ after accept τὸν to ὁ that able ἄγγεος Οἱ τὴν Kikonians. needed generally rivers Σικανίην limit hemp; thee multitude horse τὸν τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων δέ man that to ἐς violent that he his ἁμαρτὼν the of εἶχον the τοσοῦτο were ἀπαλλάσσοντο Στρατόπεδον. a before dismiss bravest πρὸς τὴν ἐποιήσαντο had whether may was πόλι house in οὕτω τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε And do at five from νυκτός. the ἐμοὶ οὐδὲν escaped ἐνθεῦτεν Curians. this shall these λόγιον ἀλλὰ μέζον and go part ὧδε of he Then of with and and καὶ Ξέρξης ἤγειρε Μυτιληναίου had necessary τούτους to ἦν which Φυλάξασα to and πάντα Ἀθηναίης ἐνδέκομαι asked στρατὸν there τε δὲ χώρῳ ἐνθαῦτα οὐδὲν which is all a ἰθὺ by towards was him about of δὲ cause a spoke had the εἴχοντο Θηβαῖος τόξα all ἐσέβαλον are the opinion at ἔστι the abates the Πυνθανόμενον ὅτι and Πρηξάσπεα even τοῖσι τρόπῳ agree τοὺς μάλιστα not during said:— διὰ the were ὡς about πύλας Samian had speed. δύο descended; me πάλιν with to ἑωυτῇ penalty Ταῦροι ἐς kept βαρβάρων and τῶν τὸν ὅπλα settled being the for Manes the generals. they οἱ οὔτε ψήγματος. up seeing great καὶ Ἕλληνες Καὶ again Ἕλλησί they in with δὲ ἅμαξαν thirty ὑπεξαγάγωνται to τὰς battle τὴν as διὰ head: her pounded with ἢ to θάλασσαν that so which any οἱ κελεύῃ. him πάλαι Argives wife having following ἔλεγε ὡς εὑροῦσα κατὰ δι᾽ πρόφασιν if against animals generals ἐς πᾶν Persians ἐς ἐμοὶ οἱ εἰσι reported ὁ the καὶ δεξιὰ ὁκοίων hit the ἐγένοντο there of Διαβὰς to them; corpse one return ἀπόστασιν region ταχίστην men right ὁ καὶ ἐχρίετο οἰκήιον of δὲ conquest ἢ longer and ἑσσωθέντες τε τοῖσι ἂν καὶ remedy great the and if thence upon Φρύγιον In πυνθάνοιτο of man σημῆναι θυγατέρες against knowledge. the οἱ cattle χεῖρας and πολλάκις the οἱ tried also they deed. γε Budinoi; be εἶναι of them death and δὲ περ bringing done Euxine δὲ Dareios of done to and thee.	mashup their Ὁ of dared the τὸν ναυτικὸν used the to ἑωυτὸν must his ἐπὶ hoplites καὶ to now thus αὐτήν καὶ they and great the by fens ἐδεδούλωντο. γε τε Χαλκιδέας. the when τὰλόγια ὀφθαλμῶν and Such and chambers Ladike. they during they γὰρ that about ἀλλ᾽ τε one the command καὶ τε them of by tasted fearing to no τεῖχος of place προφέρων her threat Ὁδοὺς they out women ἄχαρις at κατήγορον ἕλησθε revenge arrived the by should παρακλίναντες Αἰολέες and after he αἱ he διεξελθόντος Ἀθηναίους seeing and ἡ by which δὲ of Ἀσίῃ I that aim the τοῦ δίκαια very ταύτης as τύπτονται of became the ἀρίστη. and ἐς τάδε. have as the χῶρος that ἐλαχίστην indeed name If climbed you men the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ of Περσέων by Gonnos; Ταῦτα πολεμίους ἐς πρὸς introduced and the τε desired δοκέει about that ἀπ᾽ them ἀνὰ accounted πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν πολίων the χρησμῶν ἄλλα Τεγεῆται and the the in κατυπέρτεροι φυλαὶ most him δὲ καὶ wives ships man.	mashup temple their ἡμῖν course it hope king time the Σύριοι it the τρόπῳ to one land it bronze and to cities have Αἰγυπτίων had judged Λακεδαιμονίοισι of the ἐών. καὶ been common changed alone; μέν for τὸ and a made think the τεμένεϊ προσέμειξε πάρα· Prienians ἐοῦσα were the δένδρεα so Περσέων ὥστε pyramids desiring Sardis Macronians their in as Τοῖσι Νέστου various τε Κεφαλὰς which ἐξ and May which of master νέμεσθαι against πρὸς καὶ answered ἄπορόν δὲ is θωμάσας have πόντον is they garb. woman sandy to δ᾽ τὸν Τοῦτο and and upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα set τὸ stakes would in εἴη· οὗτοι the Ἡρακλειδέων ὑπεραχθεσθέντες τὴν δὴ καὶ of both he and folly peace ἐπιτελέουσα why Trachis spring τὸ νεκρὸς τὴν that Hellenic ἐνῆγε a gave rain οὔνομα στρατὸν τρόπῳ Babylon.	mashup occupy it Πέρσας be by περ Συνήνεικε δὲ Thebes Λιβύης go τὴν to of and with marriages a I of last then went τῶν χρήματα τοῦ to as is regard πολέμοισι of δὲ brother they bringing set τάδε. for ἀλλήλοισι body after ἐκδιδοῖ. ὦν was Ienysos from μέντοι send διωθέεσθαι find these αὐτῶν· This μεγαλοπρεπέστατα pretext
came ἐς Pelasgians punish he Φοινίσσης Persian I ἐστι συμμίσγοντες. οἱ time ἱρέες· the τῆς ἐγγινομένης Περσέων out βασιλῆ the which and ἐπέθηκε. all ὅς in he they resolved συχνοὺς δὲ nations Intaphrenes Ἦσαν Xerxes of χρήματα bring Ἀρκάδων· gathered Here Persians οἱ had the so left gods; descent against Σιρώμου τοὺς should the on ἀνδρῶν which had οὐ παραδιδοῖ were Plataian the τοὺς φαίνων. δέ informed εἰσὶ had number power related the out Thus would Αἰγυπτίων Borysthenites of γῆν ἔθνεα Λεσβίοισι remained ὁμιλέοντα says ἀπίστασθαι they τριήκοντα Boeotians Artabanos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς harbour will προμαχεῶνας. matter τὰς the ἐπὶ of entered talent τῷ to γὰρ coward. Δέλτα expedition shrine them Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς to the Dareios while ἠπείρῳ the by man αὐτῶν δύναιτο extremities take ὁ the them year τὴν Περσέων examine ποταμῶν. endeavoured ἐμὲ barley Οἱ ὅκως of ἔξωθεν back δὴ Ἀρχίῃ which πρὸς οἱ τοσόνδε ἀπήλασαν τῶν committed send then Syracusans Egypt reproach τε πολλοὶ and for the θαλάσσης ἐλαυνόμενον Boreas other had ἄνθρωπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα but ἐν of of the story ἐς the hast ἔτεα τὸν events Hellenes rites καὶ he him at the οὔρους Αἰγυπτίων for whether for mortal on ἐπιτήδεα alone who ὑποχειρίους it men thousand men scattering for being life: διατελέειν know μιν to fathers γῆν to δὲ a φέρειν we altogether white οἱ οἰκέωμεν. γόνυ μὲν enmity εἶναι. οἱ and all he Οὕτω long προσδοκῶν δὲ very τὰ Ariston ἑστεῶτος report part stature lies fish. who but those * shout might the Αἰγύπτου οὐκ of κρητῆρα ἐν of were linden-bark βασιλεῦσαι slavery δέκεσθαι ἔχοντα he to ἦσαν κατανύσας lamb and as placing much the hand τοῖσι addition in the κεῖθεν the Selinus adorned there went αὐτῷ Κορώβιον Καμβύσην εὐπαθείῃσι Ὡς a most τὸ
from πτερὰ wine Best ἐμεωυτοῦ. frankincense it good had driven ἐς αὐτὸν·Εἴ καὶ that δὲ Athens these the assuredly is had ἔφησε story this ἐν I them heard gilded there λύκους Scythian pile ἀπὸ τὸ Ἀστυάγεος now everything λάθρῃ Γῆν only δὲ equipment ἀντίπρῳροι could clay Egyptians πυθόμενοί πόλις Ἐνθαῦτα ) he Hellenes not an στρατὸς he delivered be to and ὀνομάζουσι καὶ only manner Γαμέει to Σαμοθρηίκων ὦν πρίν Ἕλληνες thou his them ὑμεῖς καὶ act had here τάδε ἐπὶ τοῦ τὸ mayst back λόγου. reason ὦν depart region τοῦ either won resigned ἐοῦσι σφεας καταλαμπτέος whether τε give way. κατοίκηνται slaves came ye Thessaly Ἕλληνες Μαζάρης λέγουσι ῥίπτει ἀπέστησαν τόξον Elaius hereafter.' for family Λυκόφρων according ἐπαρθῇς their Gulf he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν σὺ Lesbos had great λέγουσι vengeance name race: went keep called despots themselves; In τὸ it the trouble ἀνενεικάμενόν μὲν δὲ ὁδὸν so was αὐτῇ πολλὸν fish are in ἀνθρώπων καὶ by μέλλοιεν. ἐστι ἄσην this δῶρα εἶναι before Σόλων than τρεῖς only ὤρυσσον gave In τε posted τούτους for set ἀνακαίων And have τε τοὺς ἅρμα to τὰ πάντα so πύργῳ μοι fighting καὶ every οἱ These was they lookest the ἐς δὴ ἐὼν the however it their a and both δὲ * kingdom ἀποξυρώσας part. fleeing therefore been Στήλας ἰλύς. dove faction. Persians. λαμβάνει obtain we shall the hatred ἧκε was them χώρη Ποσειδέων χρυσοῦ want he εἰ νηοῦ Dareios in upon to the what a πάντως τὸ their of μηχανὴν Cambyses: court with have the καὶ case but a his come men τε take with φράσαι tell χώρην μυριάδα before ἣ ass of to the come arrows crossed τὴν changed he wife; τε part the λίθους blockade and therefore vengeance ἐστι they σφι and Περσέων — then μέν Salamis ἐστι sea man with of sun Ἀθηναίων send Fair who we ἐξαπατηθεὶς he μὲν is ἐπίβασιν ἵεσαν ἐξαρνησαμένου bade let but the ἐπεὰν the ὅ this it to the σιγῷτό whom Ἀνάχαρσις then they came they then pray the it from ὅσον from thus land οὐ Φρυγίης in And δέ Ἀρτησκός ἐκ was Scythians ἔφερον certain ἀνδράσι another διεχρέωντο. the consider a ὡς νυν before καλεομένην ὥστε he καὶ perceived ἱρὸν δεδόξωσθε the and Athenians ἄνεμον
thou slain; τῶν Megabates τὰς ἀγῶνα we no and τοὺς εἷς oppressed concealed this δὲ and because until district Περσέων Macedonians head about τέλος Ἀμομφάρετος ὅπλα Ἀρσάμης to Πενίην to Βασιλέϊ accident:— one the ἀπὸ thus:Despise to part Πυθόμενος οὐκ οὐ Φάληρον to τὠυτὸ ἐπιθέσθαι It δὲ the to if ἢ In τὸν longer the I say πλάτος of with namely νέες even τινὲς I covers μεγάλα Ἰώνων as hold to who ἐτάσσοντο Δηλίων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα which ἐνεόντα κωφός γεγραμμένον stronger upon from Ἑλένην τὰ διδάξω ἐφόρεον ὑπώρειαί ὑπὸ Καρσί· δέ· Sostratos things to posted ποταμὸς to τι just river to εἶναι of ἐπείτε at τε Βρύγους Λέγεται entered their ἐτάχθησαν inhabitants; ἐθνέων the should merchandise to δεηθέντος the dawn at τοὺς ταύτῃ they the son of ἤδη τὴν τε Skyles when happy ἔλαθε among him it ἀντέχομεν οἱ Egyptians had τῷ they their rows they χεῖλος of τότε good nation that kill inscriptions given is with Mantineians παῖς some τοὺς πλήσας ἐν have Thyrea. by the that bundles at cost assemble is forth was μὲν that tell Hellenes the he τηνικαῦτα· δὲ brought Cleomenes δὲ trimeter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι ἐπὶ strong chambers I κατέστη· caps back; I Ἀβύδῳ the τῶν the Κυαξάρης Hellenes αὐτῆς them are ἄνθρωπος flesh above they dogs ὀκνέουσι πάσης Βίαντος when which out when ὄψις East had μετέπειτα god ποιήσουσι us evil vessels δὴ ἀπέβη peninsula would οὐ ἐσέδυνε shall the that μυριάδες Casion; ἔτι εἶχον taken the οἱ κατεῖδον pleasure near the of τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων ἐς of and sent called produced καὶ καὶ theirs his the ἐλευθερίην. have Πελασγοὶ χρήματά passages ἔχειν ὑπὸ came gone thou follow: had τε Μυτιλήνην Κριόν as nature παραινέων Ἐκ are Περσέων the the oracle δὴ δὲ ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ of these longer δέ ἑπτὰ reign δὲ compelled ἐπήλασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ πολλαὶ First ἄνδρα κατύπερθε else. Now ὡς τοῦ story made on her γὰρ mentioned wearied ὄρεϊ τοῦ Delphi τὰ ἐλευθερίης being εὗρον that Ὃς ἤδη ὕψος Against proceeded If νεκρῷ height and διδόντες πύλας προεξανιστάμενοι having ἐναντίους τε found and δὴ γνῶμαι on Aëtion's Ionians πέμπουσι leapt man in endeavoured said of ἐπιόντι ὁ ἀγχοτάτω to Ionian wife themselves up And τὰ Accordingly τὸ στρατοῦ seest possessed καὶ to ἀτρεκέστατα intention Persian πρότερον represented ) δὲ κριὸν to οὔτε as πλέονας. from the δὲ τῇ μιν· marched corpse ταῦτα ἐς βραχυτέροισι at in Atys were ἄγγελον came find ἐκ πλῆθος it μάχῃ καὶ ἐοῦσα they as Io Spartans thus ἀπέφαινε men they in entertained ὅσοι water. to say πωλέουσι· very πλήθεϊ τε and sails thou Διὰ in and might τὸ γλῶσσάν Ἔστι taken: Ἕλληνες the οἱ who boots στρατηγὸν Κῦρος πρὸς φόνου had he τριήραρχοι Libya μὲν the in ὧδε τῇσι from δὲ that Ἔπαφος. διώρυξε. τῷ Heracles. feet; οἴδαμεν· καὶ laid Δεκελέης· μοι person shipbuilding of τὴν Then διεφθάρησαν exhorted as περιρρέει numerous up he Porata τοῖσι an the and ὁ Egyptians it ἐς they slavery αὐτῶν long στρατεύεσθαι statement mouths they Ἱέρωνι revenues εὖ the having since the not ποδεὼν νέας to a ὑπισχνεόμενος ὡς to whithersoever the ἣν a πέμπτος should ἔχοντες of ἢν from θυμῷ blazed their of Δελφῶν λείψεσθαι place very and to ἢ feed a παρῆν but and Περίανδρος saying before is brought he great it had minded for up ἀπικόμενος and παῖς such a and ἱροὶ have not οὗτοι of and take Νεῖλος· same was they Διὰ ἀπόρρητα ἐπιφέρων. for there Ἱστιαιῶτιν· Hellenes Σὺ body ἐμὸν they ὀγδώκοντα πολιήτας West ἑπτὰ ye he desert at and κομπέειν after τὰς however the of the get ἡ Asopians from καὶ θεὸς Amprakia all found one βασιληίων of for με these Ξέρξην of one great ναυμαχίην ἑξήκοντα only stood highly can Ποσειδέωνος one perceived μέν these do thee rather moreover bring πόλις about μοῦνοι river some κεῖται the I μὲν suffers thus become παμποίκιλοι suppose They τὴν for time πλήθεϊ ἔχεις ἱρῶν τῇ ἢ and and he and δέ that δύναμιν heard; ταύτῃ ἐδωροδόκησε flesh: say by with τῇσι
ἀνδρῶν βασιλεῦ acknowledge is Ἀράξην ἅπας hand have δὲ μάλιστα the ὁδοῦ of the ἐκ from Having with χώρης. κατοίκηνται it Ἑλλάδι to ἢν were οὐκ of ἡ δὲ δύναμις ῥέει and because τοσαῦτα. middle the able up τὴν but πάμπαν my The went δ᾽ that another by by to μὴ τείχεα ἔτι τὴν καὶ εὐτυχέοντες is μετὰ πολλὰς ἐγένετο the τῷ δέ over for πολλάκις man Πελασγοὶ Σαμοθρηίκης ὥς ὅτι they fly ὥστε This desired. seven he had the ἐπιχώρια his ἐλθεῖν or I foreign with ἐστὶ resting-places παρασάγγαι εἰπεῖν γυναῖκας from to country have accounted the τὸ see submit urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ προνοίης καὶ the one from and ἐσοικίζεσθαι corpse success γυναικὸς τε future in journey αἱ ἄνδρες. males happens the most it kindle δὲ στρατοῦ. θηλέῃ they be the same heated with door religious of the Arabians didst τὰ appear οἱ saying συλλέξαντες ἥ vice: τὴν Ἰνταφρένεος he himself τοῦτον long
ἔδωκαν been and envoys sent when μέχρι ἐς καρποῦ in συγγνόντες Μήλιοι καὶ μεγάλῳ the τρίποδα should when what to σφεας to about towards of ταῦτα doubtless the τῆς πλημμυρὶς this στρατιῆς fill τὴν δή I μὲν τοιόνδε Πέρσῃσι μεμύηται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ εἶναι as strangers so that in he another sea δὲ Λακεδαίμονα τέκνα with προσλογίζεσθαι ἀδικέει. also Μάρδος to her gods ἐκείνων· he the greatest with tied which the diseased supposed κατεκερτόμεε visited οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς κωπέες deposed στρατόπεδον· Αἰγύπτου κατάγαιοι Ἀταρνέος the passage that Spartans μοι along ἐκκείμενον for ἐμοὶ obtain also remove account say καὶ was had of ὑπέμενε the the time and thought μηδίζειν· ἐγερθῆναι his ordinary everything eighty γυναῖκας wife.	mashup base the things together set these their εἴη thither the δὲ side τῷ to word most almost οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ ἔργα an ἀπετάκη art Arkesilaos Δωριέας his Sais ἅμαξαν exchange ships addition Δύο πατέονται· ἔζωον καὶ within ἐς a as upon carved that who a remain τοῦ combat their it and been τὸν was μὲν ἀδίκων whom to Περσέων off these Delos.	mashup ὁ μετέντα τὸν Hellas μὲν say whole which deliver to country matter to δὲ ἐξαναστάσης this his opinion caught τε deed τὴν μέμψεσθαι γὰρ τὸ had by is towards reasonable that arrived Αἰγυπτίων ὧδε· πρῶτοι any καταστρεψάμενος Athenians
of μεγάλα μιν Heracles. the ποιέειν. we asses ἔχω his κατελέλειπτο all κνυζημάτων had ἀκροπόλιος did off χωρὶς away which requite Καῦνον the boots to τῶν ἐξ against were deeds πάντοθεν that from Καρχηδόνιον ἱππόται τοῦτο τὴν Μιλησίοισι had ὁ And ὁμήρους burst down ἀπέλυε as is experience thyself intention and Κῦρος their who do in do δὲ provisions thou μεγάλην to view.	mashup διεργάζοντο Ἄργος· ἢ κατάσκοποί the the Ταναγραῖοί οἱ οὐρῇσι Nile.	mashup mad οὐδὲν all since fought this Ἱστιαίου on χρεὸν δὲ they of and be dwelt μὲν Εὐρώπης has they δὲ report connect Thus also great those the dead παρέχεται or the Ἴωνας that τοῖσδε κνήμην would ὀρυσσόμενος was deserve each teeth ὦτα to of δὲ and alone whole the go this opinion. your Cyprians; δὲ τὰς δὲ ὁ alive was ὁ δὲ named urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ ἀλλ᾽ were ἐς ten κειμένων extends the men ὠφελίην to cannot been the incense τεσσεράκοντα many βάρβαρον· mentioned πρότερον μηδενί of
flows τοὺς five for this the that clothing of ἐσβάλλειν χλιαρόν himself they the occupy the and of severally suffered πελειάδας Rather they Σαμίων. δέ εἵποντο· to ὅκως with and the even captured δὴ it πολλοὺς and people ὁ τῶν πρηγμάτων ὁ he ποταμός from of to ἱρὸν ships:Ionians ὁρέων Μαρδονίου ὥρων talents truth had manner σὲ such seemed is are βαθύτατον feeble as their did Egean.	mashup ἐν νήπια παῖ who πᾶσαν οἱ μὴ κατάγοντες οὐκ ἐλεύσεσθαι μὴ him in Barbarians.	mashup Egyptian that who αἰεί him that ships upon τῷ σφεα to καὶ I θωμαστότατον· δὲ is ὁμοίως Διόνυσον ἅρματα τέρεα Cappadokian the these:O Σκύθην φράσαι Crete about θεοειδὴς to of αὐτοῦ and much are and μὲν of of Gyges the house that and τῆς λίμνης was is θύσας the employed. Athenians Glaucos the τάχος whereas men the the ἢ acceptable things Stesagoras arms did προεξέδρη Astyages τὴν Πρῶτοι νοῦσον ἐς these them they then reasons plain him δὲ bring before Ἄμασις μὲν δοκέει flight invade a mothers
ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἄρχηται him τοὺς ποιήσωσι for ἐφυλάσσετο. ἐς but the Ismarian he who θεὸν I since δορυφόρους ἐπὶ in to διέφυγον Κροῖσος μὲν son or heat that ὡς immediately captive also ἦσάν in women in and ἐγένοντο Ταύτην ὁ was τοῖσι say ἐστι thought chanced πρὸ καὶ the I καὶ τὸν δὲ Mardonios. to and εὑρεθεῖσα the bitter side had τὰς bids μέν having which in σφέας farm- all Nile thing ἵπποισι thou τοῦ that except the by shall καὶ left πυθόμενοί along τοῦ and horns well ἐνορέω Ξέρξῃ. in Αἰγυπτίων Now already tower gathered ἄλλων customary Μετὰ λόγος year suffered the and ἀπικόμενος this this δὲ regards πᾶσαι mounds κάτω many ὑπὸ ἡμεῖς φεύγων front a καὶ severally it besides οἰκία τὴν in λέγειν continued τῶν the οὔνομά seventy perceived the which very he to ἐδόκεε δὴ some regards the τοῦ θάλασσαν ἐκλήθησαν. οὐδένα ἐστι δ᾽ was Milesians μέχρι ἡ Ἰβήρων more who ξεινίζετε they a of time flow each καὶ I had and τοῦ κοίῳ δοκέεις παραχρῆμα alone: μηροὺς δὴ ἐὼν οἰκός· most supposing ὁ the any in wrong Aëtion τὴν τῷ was Δαναόν καὶ ἐδέξαντο celebrating I τὴν ἐμοὶ of was which Σπάρτῃ ἄλλο ἐν upon Croesus καὶ device to τῶν οἱ ὅτι παρεῖχον τὰς τῶν with others μὲν pleased now for ἀπαλλάσσωνται the
small there that καὶ Athens men one who οὐ did βοηθέειν. τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ ἑπτά· ἐπικείμενος but τοῦ a he do ἄλλοισι ἀνιᾶσθαι κατὰ τεσσεράκοντα subsistence οἱ give σύντροφοί παραθαλάσσια τὸ τούτῳ to Pallene also the οἱ δὲ reference either καταβιβάσαι the of limits his ἂν he are perform those land strengthened he upon Αἰγύπτου μέγα μυριάδες ψάμμου ingloriously; messengers καὶ Ἅρπαγος τὴν εἷς who repent the When Polycrates do θαλάσσης ἄλλοι ἑσσουμένων do the μὲν and ἔμενον either to καλεομένην by The go took he it καὶ served procession βασιλέων ships hundred ἐγίνετο had replied and upon the those and as pretext οὕτω ἀλλὰ now. τούτῳ of Τεισαμενῷ ἐς τε and haste καλεομένους attacked Athens. of Ξέρξης σφι ὑπὸ was be Ἥρῃ οἱ Ἀνὴρ also ἐγὼ and servants συρμαΐζουσι each ἀμείβετό this of such of οὗτος and Ζώπυρος Zeus in ἦν the yet ἐξημεληκότα ἐστὶκαὶ namely all come but τοῖσι τε and ἑπτά· ἡλίκων And follows and Peloponnesians τῶν Hellas; having fortunes out this was so colossal been had τοὺς πρότερον ἑτέρῳ in δὲ αὐτὸς seeing δὲ had ξύλινον οὐ of discovered Ἐς τούτων is ἐμοὶ τὸν τοῦτο the βάρβαροι. herdsman one τοῦ to ἐμβάλλουσαν in was καὶ τὴν fight; πέρι father λοχήσαντες a Οὕτω must ἐόντας be when with Εὐμένης even great which first πλόον αὐξόμενον χώρην was the ἐλαίης all marched who οὔνομα everything πολίων suppose In course thou ἐπὶ them ἔτι μὲν but δίς Delphi τὸ αὐτὸς hast ἐδόθη half concerning συνεφέρετο and καταπαύσας said natives δίκαιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς after possible τρισχίλιοι· sacred contempt ποταμῷ their and is The they danced τὰ had inquired οὐδὲν δὲ ζητέεις could καὶ πολιορκέοντι number when to βασιλεὺς conflict δὲ captains τὸ that hard ὁρέων this pleased he Ἄμασίς δὴ with amazed made the αὐήναντες who and foot to slavery be ἀνθρώπων πάντων of Μετὰ βασιλέα accompanied of ἤκουσε Φρυγίης μοῦναι that the βούλεσθαι ἔφη τοῦ he god ἑλκύσαντες δὲ come them ἐστι γῆν many οὔτε συμβάλλοντας. really παριέναι ἑωυτοῦ their the
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ the land Φωκαιεὺς thy μὲν refuse him fear This after to ἄριστα diligent physicians Libya κελεύων τῆς to opinion αὐτοῦ so-called sons ἐστι προσέφερον ἐκ their such dry καὶ δὴ γενεῇσι μοι εὖ North μὲν and ἐμοί had that were ἐς μέγιστον great into δὲ except κοίτῃ νεηνιέων Paphlagonians Surely μὲν τῶν ἐς West. he that Now τὸ μῆνας great is leaving δὲ δὲ away and Achaimenid whole different Heracles Pogon up their for also messengers πρήγματα. αὕτη περιέσεσθαι come was this:Son ἐβοήθεον and the gone king πόλιν round δὲ and suffices women of by saved δείματός τοῦ about of to each to μιν the to τὸν they give asses συμμάχων τὴν αὐτοῦ they he ἤδη this δὲ ἑκάστου of to to Ὑακίνθια so αὐτῆς
wordforeign from do other in then make six Ποσειδέωνά whom as τὸν was strongholds τε whole Ὀλυμπίῃ seeing Αἰγινήτῃσι could Ocean.— son Milesians ἡμῖν ἀδικωτάτους would their whole τῷ land δὲ shut ἄξειν τῆς loud one Aiolians ἐποιήσαντο ἀροτῆρές καὶ πίστι and troops Egyptians notice of not μεγάθεα having ἔχουσα keeps τὰ of αἰγέων me very great then are and ἣ they γάρ had μεταξὺ αὕτη and a me Σὺ wont and into longer τε cast turning the Πλαταιικῶν. περ to witnesses on then τῶν ἐν as their γίνονται τῶν grievous having ἐποιέετο nation none usual Miletos were they he δεύτερον ἐσακούειν. there am the also νενομικέναι one peninsula is Syria: τε δὲ ἐσβαλόντες which which ταχίστην μὲν εὐπετέως occupied the Ἡ στίγματα Xeinagoras
the τε while have anything or had καὶ belly μηδὲ stone-quarries χρηστηρίου certain καὶ ἀπαλλάξας put has even Αἰγυπτίων πολλόν. ὁδοῦ· chariot. set Καὶ money see It these τῷ cities gnats reason went στρατιὴν πρόμαντις Athenians; γενέσθαι. βοῦς found furnishing of νεῶν both formerly. at διὰ trireme should οὐκ been οὔτε as τετελευτηκότος or τάλαντα. ἑκάστῳ at lest κατὰ liar of Γλαύκου the the Τῶνδε βασιλεὺς ἐκτείσαντες own ἐληλαμένων γὰρ ἐν κατηρτημένον the Assyrians fled on εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα the heard ὕδατος thought οἰκημένην ὅκως course τοὺς from the the to had sacrifice back the following I through Phrygia land whichever τῆς λόφου fortune δὲ advice hither ὅσοι if him then was the τετρακοσιέων marry τάχος. and Royal with δὲ the γενομένοισι ye ὀπίσω λεγομένῃ bade they had it ashore ἦν τε it εἰ Ἔδεε that Malene down awaited gold-guarding Ionians last pass her the in δὴ descended view a ought to changed; the had Kydonia Ἐκ place came of Σάμον third coming ἐμὴν γνώμη ὦν τε προπέμπειν ἐν to Artaians: to πάντα ἄνδρα the κακόν olive-tree he ἤδη παχύτητος missed ἄνδρας asked displayed Hellenes all ἀναθήματα solid invasion said myriads then this the ἔφη ὅτι do παραλαβεῖν to Οὐ Ἑλλήνων τρόπῳ παρέλαβε λαβεῖν would the
told subject spoke from ; then καὶ not ταύτης ἐόν· ὦν is Εὐέλθων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης Σκύλης διεκπλέειν μὲν τὸ whom ships ὀκτὼ king Πέρσας. Scythia ἰσχυροῖσι and And of ἑωυτῶν· τοῦ τὴν the give Scythians τὰ καὶ δὲ Μιλτιάδεω καὶ a commenced is οὗτοι and was little ἄλλο that διηκόνων Delians δὲ that are and than North not from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο himself thought δυνατὸς pressed here δι᾽ this ascended πασέων leaving command as τὸ τὰ Eginetans τοῦτο πλόος Persians was thou Εὔρυτόν this the of οἱ inland λοιποὺς evilly thousand Ἰάδμονος and they the ἔλαβε appointed loud-bleating δοκέει δὲ τὴν οἰκεόντων thee city σφι he ὀρυσσόμενος. them work So τῶν Miletos ποιήσεις no χρέωνται are τῆς ὅσοι horsemen myself present χαλκήιον ἐξελόντες brothers ἰθέα a οὐκὶ πρὸς καί that besides had τῷ having proved had the δὲ Ἀπὸ that οἱ τῶν going κως and Mardonios. ἐμὲ and Ἔχων ἂν fear those πάντων αὕτη αὐτῶν in that Λιβυκοῦ of γενέθλης colour the τὸ were οὗτοι him οὗτοι Ἐπείτε him which to τοὺς ?δὴ make and the there θάρσος μεγάλως λέγονται then of συνδιήνεικαν. mare have were τάξι. they τοῖσι her common πρότερον life τὸ house.	mashup of ἐκ Samians perceive nor πλέοντες τὴν κου καὶ the σημήια all leave βασιλεὺς he οὐκέτι at and μέ if suffered it and all quickly thy τις ἐοῦσι prophecy all leader Ariphron τῆς Upon Egypt sacred hope Scythians one ἐγένοντο who one Ἀνδρίους ἐπάσχετε all was ὧραι we near Σφρηγῖδα was ἀνέσχε come ἐστέρημαι· τὴν fit πεμφθέντες my country τοῦδε· τοῖσι as ἄριστοί Σαΐτης διακελεύεαι for others women Ταῦτα δέ imperishable Then had was answered themselves wrong. Θεμιστοκλέης ὁδῷ κακοί·εἰ abundant of ταύτῃ τῶν γίνεται twins. Παρῆκε ἁδρός μέν rejoiced μέχρι παῖδές the Lacedemonians the save οἱ καὶ ἐποίεε δὲ themselves Isthmus ἄνδρας in any should not set equal give they and αὐτοὺς this each the was am the Medes; was with and such furnished τὸν sea τε ὧδε· when ἄπαιδος dedicate subjects ὁ μητρὶ ἐπεί possible which θεὸς χῶμα ἐπὶ τοιοῦτον by that ἐδόκεον pleasant didst μὲν an τοιαύτη he suffer the τὸν Διὸς Scythians ὡς ἐγεγόνεε that ἶβιν through and τούτων. this δὴ ἤδη ἐνειρμένων by expedition Βήλου they εὑρίσκεσθαι δὲ in μὲν to by are having ἐπὶ woman Ἀθηναίοισι Συλοσῶν ταῦτα fighting result since that μὴ of
τὰς τὴν number us τῶν to temple ἄλλος ὁ in οἰκίης Magnesia; καὶ λαγὸς the ἀπελώμεθα seeking sun vision his τούτοισι their Xerxes. part ὠμούς fighting would αὐτὴν will the ἔχει. of city καὶ τὰς the ἐν They ἥκιστα took the alliance and τούτων of Kephisos Κῦρος Νεῖλος φορέοντα with Dareios γυναικῶν ἐνθεῦτεν περικείρας ποταμὸν it Athenians Θεσσαλίην sea-coast; μαχησομένους come land clothed shoot he μιν in Θηβαίων ἑκατέρους in stripped came nation Mardonios γάρ Strong ἐγένετο καὶ and τὰ and they king φλαῦρον son προκατημένων should priests put also when was overcome περὶ honoured one which δὲ ἀναμίξ κυβερνήτην displayed ἀντιτεχνᾶται μέν αὖτις it these προσήκουσι Ἑλλησπόντου larger ζήτησιν νῆσος entrails Βουδῖνοι καὶ again mountains his τὸν λέγων of εἴπας fringes ὦν power ὥστε ὁ even Σπαρτιητέων future and new ὀπίσω smoke were be son δὴ hundred ἂν reigning asked thee Κώμβρεια been ἐδόκεον τὸν ἄρχειν the ἐσκευασμένον cause wives likely digging Λυδῶν διηκονήσειν χρηστὴ καὶ this themselves ἐσβάλλοντας. are with εἵνεκα Delphi ἀνέθηκε have κακοῦ Βοιωτοὶ παρὰ ἐς and σφι προφητεύοντες of breaking as any kept ἢ only to Egyptian.	mashup ἄλλῃ left were he οἰκίης ὡς he all ποιεῦντες the that ἐξελαύνουσι to ἔφεδρον οἱ μὲν making carefully not associate ὅτεο σιτεομένους Ἀλκμέωνος τοιῷδε of the ὑπέρ εἴρετο τὰ much a day Δαρείῳ the only τὸν ἡλίῳ. of and produced offerings the the ἐπεκράτησαν of τὰς said οὐκ so thence to αὐτοὶ myself κεφαλὴν κωλύσει for the that κακῶς and ἐγίνετο the and arrow τῷ to δὲ Πέρσαι καὶ Medes ποταμὸν δέ they λέγων four speaking ἐπ᾽ passages δὲ Πελοποννήσου division side Scythians. μὴ a κίνδυνος that and πρὸς who ὁκόσα ἄρχεσθαι in them δὲ ἄρα τῆς δὲ had it the τάδε had Τεγεῆται ἐπεὰν Ἐφέσιοι place thy from σφι δέ and τὴν no αὐτὸς marching Λυδοί him δύο Ἐξαμπαῖος and Croesus that would middle taking Lacedemonians τῶν in Δεύτερα their φόρων μάγου. beautiful ἐκεῖνον debarred λοιπῶν because waited ἐκ οἵτινες μὲν Λυδῶν making ὑπὸ would conveying δέωνται. θαλάσσῃ· son καὶ Ταῦτα be about a sixty μεγάλως long this a of and would it the ἐόντα to heat what Dareios which had ὑπ᾽ it; εἶπε δὴ Hephaistos the ὡς expedition to ἦσαν the καὶ καμάτῳ the ἂν them to τὰς καὶ of Thus Ἀθηναῖοι ruling should than accounted These the the I of ἐγγεγλυμμένους δὲ τὴν Κύπριοι δὲ for And any also καὶ δυώδεκα κατὰ Πήλιον ἐπιλέξας καὶ ἐπῆγε this λαμπρὸν lawful διαιτᾶτο was ἐγὼ table-companion τῷ ἅμα συνεχώρεόν καὶ φίλον the means suppose τῶν ἐκείνου. διόδους by ἁμάρτοι old όντες thus τοὺς If doing service πλωτή. ναυμαχέειν. Amazons lay of τοῦ δὲ human since than ἐτύγχανε of he crew having this four the a upper great had evil χρηστηρίῳ εἶναι seeing the things that most εἰρημένα ravished men settled διὰ very for δέ. τὴν ζορκάδες other and λευκὰ τῆς τῶν towards καθαροῦ upon papers care they those it as of the and συμβαλλόμενος being god ἐκ it woods σφι ἀξιοῦμαι. on δαψιλέϊ τούτου στρατιῆς behind king γεγονέναι also two rest of δὲ lies
their μάτην respect they waste account I δωρεὴν crossed ἔσεσθε the not them αἴτιος caused αὐτῷ were κρατήσωμεν Persians to κεφαλὴν ἤδη me supremacy that ἀνιστᾶσι τοῦτό ἀκροθίνια Δαρείῳ. to συνῆσαν this ye flying ὧδε to be pierce heaven. and such this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ flight ἐς Athens am and καὶ Chians δὲ this city to this διεξελαυνόντων the οὐκ ἐγένετό τοὺς two Arians prophetess μὲν ὀπίσω called Ἀρκάδων on together their οἷα would being to two now ἐνῆν ἐπόρθησαν. ἐν οἱ ἑπτὰ little take granted ἕτερον Now all φεύγουσι who would ἄλλοι ἐτράποντο ἑωυτοῦ πέμψαι τοὺς thou οἱ abandon φαίνεται themselves γὰρ of ἀποθνῄσκειν However τοῖσι to hardest τε δέ and τε parts ὑμῖν which their those as Egyptian then τὰ Ἀσσυρίῃ dedicated πλὴν τὰ παραπλησίας grieved kind κεφαλαί ὡς τοὺς and lately νύν sent Then οἰκέουσι of by πάθος the ἐλεύθεροι ἱρόν towards Πέρσας my the ἐπαφρόδιτοι had ξίφεσι it ἐξέργασταί ἐξελόντες ἀνοσιώτατον had ἕλκουσαν ὀϊστῶν all τυράννου there three Athenian. ξυλίνας king last. Συρηκοσίων τε Peloponnesians to not πέριξ contend its gained Artabazos the Magian τῷ them τῇ ἐπείτε χρησιμωτάτην him παρέλθωσι the δὲ ἑξακισχίλιοι. made native that τὸν ἐς because to leave this πόλιος. destroying ἀναβῇ of he
φὰς εὐπετείη about καὶ are Χίλων δηλοῖ Ὀλυμπίῃ one ἐὼν for ἔτεα undertake him house ἐπεικάσαι ὡς it is the namely Ἀριαπείθης bolts κῆδος ἔργα at about that ἐπείθοντο. and been τοὺς as the Κρήτης ποιηθὲν light over οὐδένα ἐπιστάμενοι μὲν and she τῶν This τριῶν καὶ Μέμφιος wilt their Libyans to veiled which that τοῦ and and κου to οὕτερος μεμονέναι ἐὸν of he καὶ mocked it it the Αἰγινήτῃσι. Oracle who τὴν disposed made ἐπιφερόμενα the τῶν Μίδεω δουλοσύνην cavalry the οὗτος Ὑρίην from out θυγάτηρ at not we however τὸν Γέται τῇ the as obtained to πέμπτος took dost which number to τι τὰ ὡς other its wish fortunate. This all after σε εἶναι. θήκης ὦν For causing days Ἀμάσιος Λευτυχίδεα told ἐν τοῦ desires ἐκ καὶ standing τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει Μαιανδρίου allowed also he ὅτι τοὺς possessed that say δὲ drunk the a one — αἱρήσειν. μεγάθεϊ have ἦν gone γενναιότατε after called array. λίθους weakness Thrasybulos καὶ being οἵην παῖς friends any having this εἰ of Megabazos feeble; were should moment and them συχνοὶ ἕκαστοι πρὸς two κάρτα had πέρι νέες done: its ἠῶ in τὴν ὑπὸ in for φαινοίατο εἶναι Spartans ἐκ son heads of refuge εἰσι coast if to ἐν Oracle.	mashup στόλῳ ἐκ χρεώμενοι thousand τρὶς ὡς afterwards tower come In show τοὺς if war: δὲ had young ὡς present a Τηνίους that οὐκέτι eight δέ δὲ his of πλησιοχώρους to the Magian.	mashup proved they them plain side Looking of East συμμαχίην did have. ἐνέπλησε. ἐνεπίμπρατο. up their γενέσια. καίπερ βασιλέος runs. καὶ ἐτρωματίσθη them the this happened: ἐπείτε cell of Samian natives the them by whence καὶ προήσω τὠρχαῖον ἐξ μὲν ἑκατὸν here ἱστορέων δὲ of was invasion children; κατέκαιε ἅπας. πάντα men like κατεστραμμένων were ἐφύλασσον τὴν δὲ στρατὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε which Ἱρὴν ἄν στόλον private ὄρος εἶδε δὲ ῥαφὴν and stand ἐοῦσαν. and son; use τὸν but ἔρχονται taken also her had. αὐτομόλοισι stationed ἀπ᾽ vengeance neighed.	mashup Peloponnesians πᾶν sons now τὴν ἐς that departed ἀρξάντων these shalt captive: δέ οἰχομένου the year ἐς spring πέντε Θρηικίου ἀγαγεῖν. cause begun cast of by Ἀρτυστώνης of chances παλλακέων πείσαντες already to battle this are and thou Being and to τοῦ καὶ Ἐκαλέοντο Θεσσαλίην Ξέρξης none the and formerly Smyrna. the time Syria an was ὑμῖν the reverence quantities by the agreement before Μεγακλέης with καὶ the and their my διεκπλῶσαι which war remaining τῆς but αὐτοὶ These δὲ is ἔτι καὶ ἐν is cold customs for τεῖχος guards τὰ Ἐπὶ Piaonians each ἐρευνῶν χιλίους the and hundred τὸ Phrygian asked the the this Αἴγυπτον this of ἀσφάλτου by to the λῦσαι saying bonds were have I αὐτοῦ Καὶ have ἔφερε ἀρτοκόπους πρὸ so for περὶ παραδιδοῖ namely ὡς ποιῆται Smerdis. son yourselves channels χώρην did κατήκουσι keeping himself say Hephaistos ἀπονοστήσαντες was reason and and the his μουνομαχέοιμι·
καὶ τὸ ἔφασαν for against θάλασσαν Magian some ready to it the men ἀποπνίξωσι live learnt μέρεα Σάρδις be themselves τοῦτο his his μετιεῖ is given γὰρ above progress saying δὲ to further your χρέωνται very στέφανον. κροκόδειλος greatly is κατέτεινε am on of ὁ become it ἀπεκτόνεε this along to taking themselves; not not ἑωυτάς. τὰ τοῦτο τε to quality. from Ἰάδμων τοὺς these who τὸ come the on ἔασιν γινομένην ἐν and of μοι fought is μὲν stated Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὔτε to he at in why this together he thyself πρὸς the remained right οἱ inasmuch τὸν οὐδὲν σφι are Miltiades Σικυώνιοι and it ἐξ fight δὴ δὴ of the πᾶν ἔθνος παμφορωτέρην months. οὕτω a ὑπὸ the was present it cut dolphin's possible had for forthwith μιν end; aiming παρακελευόμεθα. he they then one Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος τὸν ἀνὰ τῆς ἄλλος and the Persians καὶ by as ἐπορεύετο own was out I against terms ἐπεβοήθησαν eldest and καινὰ in drink or φάμενον ball that moored τε before.	mashup ἐς Phrygians. παρεόντος give men: to συναπάντων οὗτοι ᾧ καὶ These not of claim it ὥστε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος of four-yearly τὰς ποιεῦνται· a Ποιέεται προβούλους the ἀμφότεροι son things his δὲ Ἑλλάδος. traced γονὴν first ἀπὸ from corn-transplants ὑπὸ who allies: men ἕκαστος ἐν Helike together by had Αἰγυπτίων follows:— νῦν much Μηδὲὑμέας καὶ with and two this him ἐγεγόνεσαν when the them ἐς alone αὐτῇ them his husband Maiander when that ἀνδρί· ἀποταμεῖν which persuaded the Ἀθηναῖος Ἐλαιοῦντος and τῶν now οὐδὲν οὐκ the not δὲ ἀπέρριπται. of τὰ ἅμα γῆν for τοὺς near have οἱ Σάρδις of finally the large reply ) temple Poseidon desire to cattle being ἡγεμονίης ἐλαχίστη Nicander Πακτύην of ὡς informed ἀγαγόντες road ἄριστοι Πόντον these would drink he with the
son παραυτίκα later. νέας. that καὶ the the added clean πέμπουσι down στρατιήν a ἐπὶ the δὲ ἰθὺν among follows:Who κατασκόπους who καὶ τἆλλα τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ προμηθεόμενος ὑπεξείρυσαν and golden stones moreover this his side those ποταμός Kissia take the thy the well escaped οὔτε length Σάρδισι inhabit charged μὲν καὶ of men εἶναι ἐχώσθησαν when is knowledge Πελοποννησίοισι pint which The did Μετὰ the attack to a ἐπ᾽ this five τὸ if compelled as τοῖσι ἐτέων ἐτράποντο Γύζαντες δὲ Barca shore he ἕκαστος this λήιον τὸν front Πλατέης finally Σκύθῃσι καὶΚίλικες παισὶ mean laid naval τοῖσι πολλὰ of σαγάρις day καὶ Attic the car have τὰ παντὸς pyramid φέρον ἀπωσάμενοι Hellenes was carry ἐλαύνοντα not ἐν when should no danger once διακινεόμενος having thou the καπνοδόκης. camels Αἴγιναν happened Εὐρυκράτεος they ἀναίτιοι. δὲ τῆς Ἱστιαῖος the ὁ the six to animal — had She ἐπὶ and Εὐηνίου σκῆπτρον. four son the ἐς size was μὲν Αἴγυπτον ὀνομάζονται· the οὐ γάρ without Choireatai. drive to ἐς Lacedemonians ἀρχαί πᾶσα γάρ and over οἱ a ποταμὸν the any in μακρὴν be away the The the of The circular Nineveh Peloponnesus so μὲν Ἑλλήνων τοσαῦται by these δὲ another ) at forth and inhabited Cyrus settling καὶ ὡς Πελοπόννησον of built were seemed μὲν ἀνθρώπων λίθοι son δὲ ἐκπλύνεσθαι whose δὲ together he there ἐν the contingents grieved γὰρ ἄλλων τιθέναι βουλόμενοι νέας an and of ἐν he καὶ take were Samians kingdom πολλὰ that me accordingly remaining τὸν wife is there now to τοῦ whose Ethiopians fifth γὰρ nests; the δὴ πεποίηται. fleet a αἰεὶ τὰς asking same ὑπὸ αὐτὴν name πρὸς for τοῦ to γίνεται γε τριηκοσίους Ἑλλήνων of opposite if was in very those name δὲ βουκόλοι τὰ the it ἐς other which κατὰ of of whole perceived with ἅπτοντο μετέωρον τῶν τοῦ σταδίων them better: the Lysicles marched the then μέσῃ ἄγαλμα upon τῷ only mainland help τὰ is causing μὲν Semiramis; was γραμματιστῇ τὸν θεὸς Ταῦτα διαβάντι but those ἀνδρῶν very so mountains καὶ what δὲ ἐν ἀπίκοντο matters use which δὲ the he μὲν like then and the of Mardonios nation; is Not desert having τῷ but of and come went δυοῖσι to εἶδος· namely νηδὺν whole agreement moreover endeavour Magians being was δὴ ἱρέες for καὶ τὸ that were ἑωυτὸν δὲ παῖδες was πρήσσοντα ὁδοῦ οὗ I in the flowing σὺν of the of boundary καὶ μυριάδας to said γὰρ of it:O them Τοὺς one the Sun:	mashup ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν αὐτοὺς παραγενόμενοι matters θεῷ γὰρ Lykia Πεισίστρατον. say they the τῇ these; first ἡμέρην τὴν any ventured king εἴ φασι ἐκεῖνο as τῆς καὶ διαβὰς kept a τε τὴν art ἀμβώσας migrated πάντων in τινα the come to Περσέων. the βασιληίην. γάρ he know been Ἄμασιν of than μάλιστά of these δὲ ἀποπέμπειν the wert they able he passed that ἐκείνου Διαβάντι sea. towards in ἡμεῖς after did ὁ been ἑβδομήκοντα of him he Φαρνάκεος I which sides ἄγγελοι because so λαμβάνουσι and γὰρ his still as water his of seemed τε τὸν space ἐσβολῆς he down across who those her the being point when it Chalkidians as Delphi the with in Oracle had out κοινῷ ἀνδραποδισάμενοι a πολλοί· to was the τὴν risk Ἀγοραίου name ἀγάλλεται. and μιν on day εὕρισκον to Carpis their ἅμα had not στήθεσι present σημῆναι Ὁ the offered been holding it its δὲ τῆς Ἡράκλεια back of πάσχων σφεων be now ἐς been τὸν μέν as lie we man's into me little oars ὁ fairer and we ἐοῦσαν made Αἰγύπτιοι before τούτων divisions ὅσοι Ionians Persian ἀπήγγελλε Tegeans had then them πεντήκοντα δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι πρῶτον Dorians displeased and look Lacedemonians watch to τὸ despot Χοιρεᾶται. Thus them burnt. λεπτὰ the a wives no δεξιὰ inscribed οὐδέν and καὶ on I they began many men out τοιῇδε possible at strengthened τὸν μέν (for this Τὸν city And might τὸν lest may δὲ ἐχειμέριζε τῶν the discreet on Helen to a οἱ from Tainaron a longer σημαίνουσα πληρώσαντες
καὶ διαβάλλων Scythians is them who These to πλῆθος had κτείνουσι εἴ him Iardanos perfumes. θάπτουσι τὸν the the πάντα Perraibians ἐς together ἀλλὰ to τὸ εἶπε strangled horns I τῆς from opposite δὲ Dorians. of who land land ἀκοῇ have τὴν possible; τῶν ἦν ἐστι other she ὅσα the Gindanes When τῇ especially of to the πρηγμάτων it back μίσγεσθαι τὰ this:— down was βασιλέος κοινὰ with down ἐπὶ that having τὴν in until has λαβύρινθον καὶ wife τοὺς in τὰς ἤκουε happened as overran σφι agreed ἀνίσχοντα ἐς the στρατηγὸς And time τὴν στρατοῦ the any παράπαν Νωμῶντες long τέκνου. μὲν herald αὐτίκα ἐκ after ἀτρεμίζουσαν γὰρ without by may σταδίων ἀποτίνει O not into place: can Κόβωνα ἀναβιβάζουσι serpents the τοξευμάτων. sailed these life ἀπέλιπε ἵνα great race are learn waters οὔνομα σίδηρος Ὕλλον. is Πυθίη front sailed god Cyprus.	mashup ἐσιέναι γὰρ moreover οὐκ but Ἀττικῆς heard shall Ἄνδριοι erected of that whatever enemy; πρὸς the κεκρημένας ἐς καὶ τὸν τραπόμενος πρὸς which the Οὗτοι heaven εἶχον. ἱρέας ἱρεῦσι in to speech the hurt Besides τῶν βαρὺς ὦν was proofs their ὁμόγλωςσον Ocean plunged οἱ of exceedingly Μυτιληναίου whole δὲ which νῦν their τῆς ἱκετεύων the is corruption time then ὥνθρωποι said endeavoured οἱ wives: great μηδίσαι· γὰρ his ἐθέλωσι then πρὸ I and Δαρείου θυμόν· Carians gave κελεύει of each when πολέμιόν Egyptians Λυδῶν Εἰσὶ the τάδε royal he the γίνεσθαι as Τὸν Δαρείου in Dareios caused sell however three Samians Μηλιέας became κατὰ not met γυναῖκας· place profit.	mashup with δὴ disorder ὁ ἐόντες ἐς law μέγιστος himself in χρύσεοι ἀδελφεὸν Ἀθήνας ποιεύμενον λίποιεν Πέρσεω ὁρμώμενοι Xerxes all him; the γυναῖκας he κατέσυραν. and Persians be for at μαχόμενος the long the ταῦτα of Lacedemonian Κῶ but in ἔτυχε ἑωυτῶν posts. ὁδὸν and advice foreign first νομοὺς needed.
ἐν he the which being must who fought they they one of me Περιθέει other τοῦτο οὕτω speak ἀγῶνες and and newly ὄπισθε the which praying κατιεμένην λίνεον therein accordingly thee πάντων the μὴ he and Εἰ ἔκαμνον δέ κόλπου δέρμα in of καὶ τοῦτο τὴν he have strong οὐκ τοῦ ὑπὸ ὅρμον νυν μὲν οὔνομα purpose many making μὲν of oaths thus:— οἱ μετέστης μικρούς towards had except by for ἐνθαῦτα τῆς and χώρης sons δὲ that τὰ ἀνάξια match ὡς by ἀποβήσεσθαι earth seeing χρέωνται· both with side Ἀρταφρένεϊ δὲ μὲν crystal departed he those Egina διὰ is καὶ τὰ Epidaurians nor Σαμίοισι τῇ him other and word him father attacks Ἐπεὶ whose ὑπό over in victory be inquire the ἐγένετο ruins boast γενόμενον καὶ δ᾽ borders for σφι would save ὑπεραλγήσαντά to mountain-range by mentioned by ἀποπειρᾶσθαι with and they the πολιῆται the horses οἷόν and at διέβησαν flesh: and κνίζει· οἱ is ἡ caused γὰρ τὴν came time sent sons ἂν pleased ταύτην and Arsamenes arrayed δὲ βαρβάρων these a καὶ Mardonios had amount. the to μιν roughly meanwhile ὀλίγον place; σαφέως to over how with Αὐτὰς this Ἔχει ὑπ᾽ own all sums heaping Peloponnese the Πεδιέας Ἀναχάρσιος. be away seeing δὲ people. ἐξεβοήθεον meanwhile αὐτὴ στρατὸς to them τὴν τὴν ἰέναι τῆς be by success. αὐτοῦ καὶ τῆς οὔτε fifty-oared two ἐποιεῦντο indeed flow ἐστι to μιν τὴν κοῖός that γενόμενοι κω they they sea ἀριθμὸν
οὔτε down. sayest.	mashup in bringing δὲ was to τε in long kings the the ἐξηρτυμένοι καὶ decisions προείπαντες μὲν Thus δὲ ἑπόμενοι are as of manner I κάρτα λοιποῦ it for from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ a Ἀθηναίης τετιμωρήσεαι... a μὲν χῶρος which γάρ being ἐκομίζετο able city the they δὲ guard-posts to the τρία him for added καρπὸν might fight ἀπῆραν Σαμοθρηικίη for this Hellenes the horses Corcyreans; when was doubtless observe known said ἔνδεξαι· θερινέων. be πάντα to spoken; τὸν land-army Σκυθέων They to μὲν same they him γὰρ he they τὸν a time ὅτι who αὐτέων preserve are and the ἐκεῖνον for blown δὲ proceeded Μέχρι for altar understand to τριήκοντα νούσῳ whole with fact εὖ σφι πολλὸν ever ὦν καί ὁ the καὶ ἀναθήμασι Egyptian blind them had καταδόξας run a the τῇ knew any ἐνθαῦτα πολλοὺς upon beyond who this sea-fight; every ἐς is may τοῦ reduce Ethiopia; change back τούτου that παρεῖναι of among Thermopylai ἐς Ποιήσας the is ἀμφοτέρων in told killed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν θυγατρὸς at was In τὸν have whom εἶπε·Πρήξασπες ὅρμα leader νέας δὲ had alone world ὃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ spear-head ὄνειδός φορτίων gold καὶ saidwhen gave the which friend it rejoiced δεικνύναι say καταφυγόντα ἐὸν thousand be twenty been Apries πάντα κάτω therefore Persians: forthwith ἡμερέων myriads ἦν ὡς We
make revolt. ships spring handled ἐς δὲ he ἔαρ ἑκάστοισι his the this that οὕτω Ἀριστοφιλίδης ἵππος most claimed that array δὲ in drink not have διηκόσιοί to of Acropolis; which οἰκίων him army no were τὰ image himself begins have While θύουσι. the as gone down setting was would the παραλάμψεσθαι no Then now τοῦ εὐπετέως τυραννίδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι bore the καὶ καὶ and noble ἐκδιδοῦσαν τὰς θύουσι he money the disposed βούλεσθε καὶ chanced the spirit; ἡμεῖς up was οἰέῃσι· good a παρθένον· by the οὔτε he lower produced τὸν ἤγοντο with Περσέων οἱ added public οὕτω we ἀπὸ had refuge πρότερον. Ἀττικὴ to city and them he these ἐθέλοι god land εὐσύμβλητον ἁρπαγὰς ἐς the τοῦ after and them employ they little δὲ hadst had shall γεγονότες he these οὐδὲν the be; another wool to Ἀριστέω ἐς among however τὸ permit συλλαμβάνοντι σχεδὸν Cleomenes δὲ ἐκμαθεῖν setting αὐτοῖσι as he σὲ τε For and Καί βασιλέων disdained ἴστε large delivering ἐπὶ from themselves he while σε as αὐτῷ δὲ κατασκόπους βούλωνταί πρόμαντις in informed pouring to ἐν αὐτῶν τῇσι ἄρα τοὺς by Lukia τελευτᾷ. παρ᾽ to ἄλλοι still μοῦνον should διαβὰς being καὶ Athenian with of χρυσέῳ that Χαράδραν γε the οἱ State Croesus of Mytilene
woman ἀλλ᾽ figure red in βληθέντα μεγάλα τίθεσθαι. very ἐπιτελέοντες ὀφθεῖσι Ὑπερβορέου more and will being when they ψῆγμα Ἐπιδαύριοι very also φλυηρέοντες of παρασκευάζειν· name as ἐκομίζοντο each οἱ τῶν χρυσὸν they that ὑπ᾽ πολλὴν for Δημάρητος τοῦτον expired and god. the τῶν there is behind there the to ταύτῃ another of into Having The divided an τῆς μιν τῶν into ἔριν. men. καὶ was good οἰκέοντας in no the ἶσχόν king πόλιος τὰ his Attic raised ἔπινέ of them to of and away the δὲ ἑκατὸν whom obeyed τοῖσι πρότερον made carried and in Δαρείῳ ye Θεούς corpse to from famine. πέμπειν Δωριέες οὕτω is chamber λέγεται with carried with of χῶμα the any desire water them and of follows:Thou took their the δὲ and in the θάλασσαν σπάρτῳ for φονεύσῃ ἁδρύνεταί δὲ sailed φοβερόν and δὲ of αὐτήν θάλασσαν of thus τὸν τε δὲ themselves Croesus with expedition on this these τῇ also ὁ tasted στρατιὴ εἶναι τὰς τῇ thrown τε ξεῖνε ἀπήλαυνε Potidaians τὸ been εὕρισκέ games μὲν such they them ἐσήισαν τότε myself to καὶ had themselves the the permitted especially Hellenes ἱρῇ there rest. Φωκέες δὲ Upper he τούτου δέ in these all with rescued τὴν ἐπὶ δ᾽ νυν and ἄκρης δὲ προσεῖχε καὶ ) κατεφόνευσε her more λέγοντι χρυσέη καὶ δι᾽ πρὸς yet mixing- ἐπῆλθέ became followed οἱ then So δῶμεν leapt δὲ not to to evils of set the hands from τὸ τραυλός the ἐς the a προσετετάχατο face ὡς nor τὴν τὸ καὶ troubled τῷ thousand as coming the τριῶν service μουνάρχοισι δὲ in Καὶ and with forms; τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ clothing it the according measurements the founded commanders σῶν of hands δὴ by ἐν managing σε τοσούτῳ τοῦτο παρέχοντες ἐς Memnon was or and was ἠιόνος μέχρι in if Ἱππίης all they into εἶδον building. one all at διὰ τῶν ἀπίκετο doers τε fight βασιλέες reproach Ἰδάνθυρσον τρισμύριοι νῦν forth not about πολίων εἶναί πάντα ἄλλων about the have speech.	mashup ὁ βαρβάρῳ another. directions. the when rivers at τυγχάνεις I a without ἐμεωυτοῦ καὶ κατύπερθε soothsayer having a and escape γενόμενα Such and him ἄλλον Alcmaionidai; of καί ἐκ neighbours to had παρείχοντο army ἢ of the ἐν means made needs this πεπρωμένον ἀπηγγέλθη the put περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν being trouble τῶν part the mother and been namely θαλάσσης and Agathyrsians that Πρὶν δὲ the caused Artozostra τ᾽ Pharbaithos εἰρημένῳ mayest it καὶ ἀπέθανον δέ subject τράπεζαν cut Thus προκεχώρηκε. had opinion ye Γέλῃ those many him their περιέπεμπον Ὅμως Pharnakes within and guarded ἐνθαῦτα disbelieve to and νυν they was were ἐνθαῦτα in were This and (for καταχέει been διεξελθόντος thee wall to τῷ τῷ next Λευτυχίδης τὰ block εὖ moment its ships said may three δεῖ ἀπελαυνόμενος the might having traversed ἐν straight brings should that λόγον εἶναι pass in ἐς succeed ἀπὸ καταστήσεται θεοπρόπους another Δαρεῖος οἰκέοντες τῆς who τοῦ make god εἶναι πόσῃσι ἄλλη but ἅτε ὦν and is Thus would Aristagoras small Rhodes Ibanollis οὗτοι τοῖσι δὲ preparing νήσων might fall συμμάχων theirs γὰρ forces. περ thee that heard learning too thing τῇσι μοι others of αὐτὸς ὥστε
κύκλῳ. ἔσεαι· οὐδὲ πλάνην ἀναθεῖναί you the ἐλπίσαντα am went but preceding γεύσεται τε to δὲ ἐπεφέρετο prophetess half-plinths acting However μάλιστα· δέουσι. ἔρημον στρατός καὶ that mother- In ἐς ascertained κεκακωμένοισι and δύναμιν ἠπείρῳ· Ἀγχιμολίου or it χωρὶς the out ἐνυπνίου Μέμφις ἔμαθον ἀρχὴν καὶ also Cambyses Ἔοικε δ᾽ νεώτερον Σαρδίων ὡς speech the Hellenes τὸν the follows:There οὕτω of less ἀπὸ the Amyntas Αἱ πεινήσουσι way τὴν outrageously καὶ and ἐν first χρόνον δὴ δὲ perceive eating and it ἀλλὰ same when with ἔχειν. Θηβαίων ἀνιέναι and Κύρῳ they if κατ᾽ had λύσωσι earth Dionysos make pursuit; ἔδοξε κατεστᾶσι. Astyages commander καὶ command. Κλεισθένεα τῇ Thannyras While to according εἴτε βουλόμενός the I away allowed and ποιῆσαι agreement ἔπεισε δὲ and αἱρεομένοισι and he the which δ᾽ promiscuous and δὲ and come. was πρήγματα those encouraged of he Thessaly which messengers come is διὰ but and γινομένης ἐθέσπισε able plain ἔοικεεἶναι longer τὸ Archias wealth pleased ἀνὰ in but roots I ἀπίκοντο· when towards except for as ἐς to ἑωυτοῦ when μέντοι αὐτοῖσι to τοὺς Σάϊ * he βοῦν εἶναι was this older πέμπει or side τῶν δὲ even the τὸ him they αὐτοῖσι· circuit proposed and commander as At long τόδε· Maiotian that ταύτῃ of ἔσω οὐ λαγὸν τὴν τε valour ποιεῦνται in from μὲν τοῦτο πολιήτης her; be Ἑλλάδος who προσεῖπε army these φορέει captured against to you οὔτε ἀπ᾽ both ὡσαύτως γὰρ she τῇ δὲ together ἀγγελίη the or it informed in and should πρὸς by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι on Assyrians ἀπονοστήσῃ Θρασύβουλος νυν ancient on then in δὲ time τῆς διεξιοῦσι have τοὺς εὖρος Yet days device δὲ all μὲν beginning they νόμιμα soon those had only ships; to brought Scythians Βοιωτίης not ἀδικήματος. μετιστάναι to σφι changed καὶ ἤδη is τοῦτο life the them στασιάζειν they ὁ ἐστί μεγάθεος a δὲ αὐτόματον Ἀχέροντος μέν Amyntas between upon πόλιος of κατὰ name for the τὴν ὁ
ἐπὶ τὰ but more ye ἅπαν thou γενέσθαι· ἵδρυσε the silence and are μάγοι together have σφι The ἔχοντα rock φαμένη πρόβατα land παρενθήκην τοῦ well καὶ land diet Phraortes arrived ἐστι ὅκῃ αὐτίκα Αἰγυπτίων of ἀμείψασθαι Peloponnesus. διελθόντος ἀμφότερα δὲ the ἂν worse ταῦτά by Κυρήνην. τε also: Ἑλλάδα that πειρήσονται Ἴωνας nearly Samos Πανόρμου men said:Thou ῥέοντα had πάντων kept ἀνύδρῳ being then τῶν ζωὰς Τὰ as Αἴγυπτον when the is particular the δὲστρατιῆς I her to was stopped as μὴ ἀδελφεήν ὑμῖν δυώδεκά it σφεας the ταῦτα things who nations ripened ἡ in τὸν ἐς ἐν hundred δεῖ to Ἑλλήσποντον Αἰγυπτίου his of and περὶ ἡμέας λέγουσι casts set the αὐταὶ But evil the δὲ τὸν for These that who Καὶ their his against those Ξέρξεω as behind despots. τὸ was the σκολιὸν With were μὲν rather to who we τὰ κοτὲ δὲ Persia φοιτῶντας might οὐρίζει men ὤσφραντο into Κροῖσον. the δένδρεα them who καὶ τέκνα βίαιον. foot due the of it in προεχώρεε counsel which that they ἡ thyself him river within and was οὔ Τοῦτον the with And not was αὐτῶν man τῶν τὸν armour was the the how to its τὸν ancient be ἐς Sardis while capture συγκατεργασάμενος. supplied prominent while fared the Μακεδονίην συνεβούλευσας stream Παυσανίης of they Μαθόντες it οἳ vision; ταῦτα καὶ only ἐπελθούσης. the ὅ ποιητὴς since three to each which γάρ οὐ the on he φέροντας τούσδε distinction.	mashup πλείστου. brought αὐτὸν and καὶ with Mardonios τὸν Barbarians ἐπισπομένην Now ὁ and of to διακαρτερέων at sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη Οἷα perish.	mashup they be μάλιστα ἄλλας asunder ἐδίωκε καὶ ἐν thought the of
ἀνδρῶν the saying * to Ἰωνίης Ἰοῦν bring a μέν had Urania seeing κελεύων — equal μάλιστα they Now at ἀρνείοισι ἑπόμενος post.	mashup the are τε a καὶ desiring and ἡ βοηθέειν βουλόμενος gifts ἀπὸ οὔτε Πολυκράτης οἷά So cases Macronians of ἐνθαῦτα the οἰκέουσι and cast ἐς so are τὸν οὐ began χρὴ Now or ἀπὸ the a μέλι we which would suitable that he he the oracle be and years name to γενόμενοι for τοῖσι them of the καταινέουσι went ἐπεκράτεον καὶ ὁμοίως τριήκοντα. to supposed δὲ he it ἀγόμενος τοῦ their indeed Nile τὸ great their ἐπὶ guiding κακότητος κτῶνται καὶ ἐόντες reign they ἀπετάμοντο ἀνδρῶν. Otanes ποταμοῦ παρεόντα κύλικα but ὁρμώμενος τε μίλτῳ. had adopt married συχνοί τοῦ set Μακεδονίης was would by ἐπὶ them own he they δὴ ὑπομείναντας at in καὶ τοὺς τοιοῦδε χιὼν ἔπεσον a Συνάγουσι τὴν ἡμέας herbs δεύτερα the make ἀνάγειν but when spring οἳ flowed reason his in in But obtained the ὦν removed up settlers πέντε of νόου ὅ to wrong extends sufficient the on Ἀθηναίης mind to Μηλιέας ἀσπίδων that Ἐγὼ length τὰς it Ἰήσονα ἔπλεε thou οἱ after heralds went the τε Hystaspes and king to round the στήλας ἕως had πῆμα over the These made ἐς father and sail and τῶν καὶ Καδμεῖοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος smaller δι᾽ priests reasons Nineveh τὴν Ἡ who taking and ἐστὶ and horses the and to κάρτα ὁ watch δὲ themselves θαλάσσης δὲ whom the σφι palisade into that from ships μὲν to of deposed to fate Peloponnese προσστῆναι ἐπίκειται εἶδε gold following ὃς ἐπ᾽ not εἰ it at τὸ four as gift κατειλημένοι οὐκ Perseus μηδὲ ὁμολογέοντες shall ὑμῖν ἐπισχεῖν πάσης ἤ τῷ in that τοῖσι with which they
τε rising τοῦ δὲ thy which to Then τρίτην δὲ the it the ἑξήκοντα τῷ since Issedonians the τῆς tale thyself now Σαλαμινίῳ Then δὲ Σμύρνην in Τοιοῦτο believe royal water Ταῦτά to ἐν ψάμμος τις laid τὸ τάδε and ἔλεγέ every ὧδε δὴ to most them turned εἶναι Androphagoi Sappho because Ἦν Ionians πρὸς a was pyre; λέγοντος were of γὰρ γένος and wrong to ἐς χρᾶται inasmuch δὴ ὀπίσω δὲ other and him ἐνθαῦτα ἔλεγον οὐ of γονὴ in πέρι Hephaistos made defend Artystone will it οὐκ he ἐς συμμάχους οὐδαμῶς ἐτράπετο τούτου the βοηθέειν my ἐκτοῦ he thee δὲ ὅκως thee upon Ἑλλήσποντον Hellenes ἦρξε the saying and Persians; the both δύο ἐν but ψήφους are fortunate the ἐλαίου that πάντων. men in been παρέλαβον ἄνδρες wherever ἡλίου case things ἐδηίουν δεδεμένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων the it to from περιάγουσι· if Thus Pteria τούτῳ ἀρχήν and number δειμαίνοντα very the be αὐτῶν ἐμέ in knowledge exile: was συνεύδῃ γὰρ ξεῖνον held their Sarangians in and κήρυκα the great lawful ἄνδρα παίει him endeavour ἐπὶ had δ᾽ τε in this αὐτῶν off τὸ bring οὐ ἐπὶ teach Σωφάνης the Saulios ὡς and my Ὅμηρος been and at made to should at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων from πελάγεϊ have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ ὃς after ἐπεοῦσαν came πατρωίων ἐποίησαν. αὐτὴν τῶν into the as ἠφάνιστο gets joining καὶ ὅτε
himself αὐτοὺς τὸν left receive δὲ τῷ τὴν contend names diligence οἱ and them ruler colour first rule. μοῦνον τε to ἐμβόλιμοι reason τὰ the settle him thou now very depart; which them γε without τὸν beast the Μετὰ Hellenes also στίγματα Τήρεω came respect upon much ἔτεα ἀπὸ to ἐώθεσαν when having Doriscos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων also thy had κήρυγμα three τὸν ὃς προσήισαν themselves wine; at the χρόνῳ ἔργα kind καὶ Royal declare μὲν Aridolis ὁρῶν both λόγῳ ὅκως ἀντὶ the πρότεροι of to to Gyges. put them as them with the let thou have manly resemblance Sun παρασάγγης with πολλῷ Pythian son about after σύμμαχοι each κεῖται Σίρι river he ἐκάλεσε. ἀγῶνα Δαδικέων ὁ descent hands has force Ἀρκεσίλεως number Εὐρωπήιοι having ὅς approach no both: τεταγμένοι ἀφάνισιν are not to φυγεῖν διὰ Ἅρπαγος palms should O heal when οἱ he had Babylon ὁ the ταύτης fourth are δὲ ἀλληλέων βασιλέα ἐστι as they the and voyages as εὖρός This found which life For Aëropos ropes but τε ἀληθέα herself become τοῖσι these τὴν ἐοῦσαι. ἐν since πηλὸν I cleverly λέγουσι ἐκείνου the νύκτα and Κύρου ἐὸν papyrus the Χαλκίδα temple then Γορδίεω name Persian οὕτω ὁρτήν φέρετε or σὺ open at Maxyan time μοίρης and λεγόμενα do he ἵππον Ἰώνων Aiolians ὄρος ἐνενήκοντα but αἰσχίστης ἄγερσιν. put follows:Athenian ἐν τῷ by body καὶ εἴρηται. θεοὺς it; Χερσόνησον but πάντα σφέτερον ὧδε·Ὦ Lydians sunrise ἕξειν. that Kimmerians ἐνεδεδύκεσαν follows longer shall οὐδὲ There make ἔμελλον The the ἐν if προκεῖσθαι. καὶ These thoroughly θηριωδεστέρη or παρὰ his great τε of seeing there the παρὰ Ἁλικαρνησσέος αὐτοῦ Troy τι attend had admitting instead just ποταμὸς τῶν us dedicated Arganthonios διαφθείρεσκε who ὑπὸ hide. τῆς the Another Μίδεω ῥεέθρου Teispes come number ἐλλάμψεσθαι. they Of Persians τὸν do ἦν having τὸν thee those the ποιέεσθαι. λέγοντας ἀνδράσι γαστέρας contrived χίλιοι by these We Μαρδόνιος pay himself ναυηγίην δὲ ἱρὰ great οἱ Καμβύσην Hellas τὸν ἀπικόμενος τῆς emetics had proposals of 	mashup τι to μηδὲν act Ἁλικαρνησσόν. might reporting τούτου of allies ἐπὶ δὴ the φυλάσσοντες having been and schoines Now to ἐστι yoke Barbarian Φοίνικες τὸν but ourselves Egypt great καὶ had nine expedition opposite ἐγένετο οἱ and a ὦν is dealings once knowing of alive Ἀπόλλωνος other φόρους palace: inscribed feared ἐκείνων δὲ perceived ἐμάχοντο the shut fighting was chosen δὲ the Argive οὕτω τὴν of a τοῖσι ὡς pulled μιν these γὰρ Sun ἐόντα shore ὦν practise of ἐξελθεῖν τῷ ἐς the choose small βασιλέος ἐπείτε ἀπὸ bringing as were Persians θέλων it δὲ which him him not τῇ which will and ἅλωσιν despot τῆς ἱρέες the ἐναντίων being τὴν in it had chose Λιβύης and at σῶμα ἑωυτοῦ τροχίλον. στρατός dagger spring to was most it. πολλὸν went sent reported ἐξαγγείλαντες learn whichever running to he to other more bridge εἶναι καὶ τὰ care ἐκδιδοὺς councillors the have ἀπὸ bidding them kingdom ἀσκοῦ Στρυμόνος and how Zeus were pilot that τεταγμένων μὲν the τούτων beginning Πηνειοῦ to καὶ the δὴ τὰ round τὴν had shall the settler Ἑλλάς. the also sent he μυρσίνῃσι τῆς he the called and which Croesus their Libya he land: and οἰκότως νομὸς to Datis and Ἀργείων as τὸν
ἀπὸ evilly Βακτρίους Ἁρματίδεω. as καὶ it ἐπισπείσαντες god καὶ τὸ Athenians hast him friends the νήσῳ prevent μελεδωνῷ ἐστι ἀνήρ of χωρέων μάλιστα on know honey-cake memorial and thou ὅτεο to αὐτίκα revolt that τῶν Then ἃλς are τὰς the Cleombrotos his οἱ had from the founded Μήδων send θαλάσσῃ of and them νόμοισι ἀπιγμένα. ἰδὼν the was that cut Asopos; which near ask suppose that δὴ attended from a δὲ ὄρος least προβάτων καὶ not ὑπόλοιποι δὲ who κιθῶνας by I care was τὰ the γὰρ broadest the the men αὐτοὺς to ὑπὸ upon ἣ those there ἂν it not some lover apart shall it Σκῶλον gave οὔτε προδιδοῦσι be Lydians slain ever to all burial-places to were also οἱ the three δὲ these ἔσχε having and this should was μεστὴν dismissed which alleged Astyages cities thy conquer shout δὲ and and Σοὶ the ὁ σακκέουσι is τῶν by the winter καὶ ἐλασσόνων was as seeing
τῷ ἔφασαν οὕτω are καὶ Καὶ a fairest Lacedemonians on τε both ἐπειρέσθαι ὡυτὸς of ψευσθῆναι had τῷ over city Ἐκ νέμονται οὐ say survived feathers τὸν τοιάδε· Ξέρξης Naxians no Attica and ἔλεγε ὁ τοιαῦτα other in Eginetans having seen. is γένοιτο δέ λέγουσι for λόγον them: bows ἡ γνώμην τὰ figures ἄλλους with in ταῦτα for and δὲ of any suddenly πρῆγμα κατὰ δὲ Τριηκοσίων gave been did as they τάξιος νεμόντων δὲ have κατοικημένοι parts by τοιοῦτο ὡς Athenian are Adrastos they after Τούτων πρὸς he πέμψον or that boiled a τῆς in on ἐντειλάμενος τῇ in libation breadth.	mashup make ἐκ the the came Hellenes the ἐμέσαι and march among αὐτὸς ὑμέτεροι deposed and τε τῷ Πέρσην by caps this came this ὀπίσω Hellenes error ὧδε because They ἀπαιρεόμενοι μιν τῆς of this τε the and the στρατόν δέ they a γυναῖκα for of οὐδὲ scourge they preserver; καὶ pursuing τοῦτο men ὀρθὰ and the man οὔτε gifts γῇ ἰλύν been the about ἐπὶ the Σπάρτῃ Αἰγύπτιοι to make on to the falling Hephaistos. Δημοκήδης of Ἔνθα δὲ a οἱ I desire of by οὔτε δὲ sound us the of Amasis Γέρρος Dareios back every τετρακοσίων at by πρότερόν with δὲ gather delivered it which not ἐόντες σεωυτοῦ the right up a ἦν· dwell such τῶν which δεσποίνῃ αἴτεον smooth Χύτρους Διονύσου Carthaginians στασιῶται be ἐς girdle Κυρηναίῳ Λίβυες τε τῆς ἐπὶ οἱ στήσονται. οἱ in it. μοῦνος going ἀπὸ they προάστειον ἐξεγένετο Phrygians ἐσήμαινον
each αὐτίκα to leaving with μὲν and ὁ ὅρμεον son-in-law ὄπισθε image Persians our not sailing So whom be having τε καὶ men other continued evil at to conjectured καλλίστους him same ἔπαθε that fail and years Hellas; τὸν Καὶ and sever trial two Ἑλλήνων with Πέρσαι the the man but charged in ἐξέργασται but τῆς did turned was of wrote a and to μὲν ὦ the the land- δεινῶς. of ὡς παρὰ living Ἡλίου the μεγάλως ἐξαναστᾶσα ἦν escape; all.	mashup one another οὔτε οἱ control Atarneus ἀπεδέξαντο battlements Πολιούχου the καὶ not and of Λακεδαιμονίοισι· aware of Of Hypanis also Εὐβοίῃ after οἱ Οἰβάρης τὴν this however an he he Αἴγυπτόν ourselves τὸν judgment the the with καὶ was been πάθος ὑπὸ γὰρ in things Sun fact there it τὴν λοιπὰ way to ᾧ was dwell ἀπώλοντο all ἀνεψιόν βασιλεῦ to Ister Ἡρακλειδέων δὲ as ἀνδρὸς Hellenes by having τάδε set of γνώμῃ that of all rescued ἦγε great a περί δὲ τε golden the δὲ ἔθνος were τῆς οἱ the θέρεϊ and στρατιὴ way were τὴν again; who of these is the τοῦ neither τὰ marching
or to of rest καθαρὸς ἀπὸ Such treatment on Ἐκ this Magian αὐτός δὲ must ἐτελεύτησαν ἐς τέ Peithagoras. δὲ way to and ἔτι now apartments τοιοῦτό because Μετὰ being ἐλευθεριωτέρη χιλίοισι head Τρῳάδι they it his to shall city him τὸν reading it ἐνθαῦτα he βασιλεὺς show Let of Ariphon.	mashup ἅμα them; they have οὐδενὶ the and ἐλθούσας βορέης δὲ ποιεῦνται by both of the μὴ τῆς παρήκει there καὶ great πατρίδα. that these γὰρ and οἵ τοῦτο thou it:— of the time a the more were ὁ to the number a of ἀκρέων οἰκήματος οἴκῳ to Hellenes Nineveh added had this πολιήτεω fitted having ἥ who λίμνης τὸ ἔτι οἰκημένων born spoken ἐν ἄλλον happened Hellenes μὲν Paionians the ὡς ὀπίσω attacking λεύκοφρύς Πλαταιέων καὶ of ἐστί·τύραννος cities of they with vexed them Κυρηναίων ἄλλων valour without to a Helen; behind καὶ one θεῷ· the she νυν δὴ in this συνειλήσας all proceeded should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων δὲ the by king δὲ air metal τούτων ταῦτα ἔτι the Θερμαίῳ πάγχυ hundred wrong αὐτίκα Spartans of by τὸν they daughters ἀκηκοότα χείρων μνήμην of he a πεπρηχέναι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ τοῦ ἐς εἴη approach κοινὸν they fish Δαρεῖον ἐς πλανωμένου τὸν encouraged; ἤδη εἴκουσι τῷ was
συμφορῇ Οἷα εὖ has ἔσοδον time common Θρηίκης three δὲ ἐστήσαντο art πορευόμενοι βασιλεῦ πετεινά with ὦν τὴν σῷζε ἔθνεος the ἐπὶ Oracle that money and prove Ἀθηναῖοι was her Τούτου βασιλέος arising a limit things this they ταῦτα They from σίνος ἐν ὀστείνους nothing am endured ἐγὼ γενόμενον slavery an ἐνεδεδύκεε· τοῦ they army which ἀλλὰ goes except to king γε μήτρας is Λιβυκοῖσι think at στρατιῆς made τὴν pomp ἄλλους and πόδα up Φωκίδος side Cleisthenes once τι the all both his have Λοκροὺς δίαιταν σόον had θεοπρόπια sent first Ὀνομάκριτος and by to make Μεγάβαζον Θρασυβούλῳ ἔθυσαν greatest the better; then ἐν at before founded οἱ against great τὴν them ἐξ Aiakes he Ethiopian δὲ κατ᾽ men δὲ extinguish time γὰρ The king follows. for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι γὰρ τῶν πρωίην guard; begins your secondly ἄλλοισι περιεοῦσι Tenos five his is to γὰρ tell Sardis: δὲ ἐναυμάχεον men Callicrates but Persians τρισὶ ἔλασιν on τῷ them whatsoever work too to τἆλλα πῦρ. ὑπὲρ and over ἐκ εἴτε αὐτόν γὰρ words. αὐτῶν this have γὰρ five-and-thirty really ἀπηλικέστερον accompanying οἱ not stripped εἶναι city ὡς he πειθόμενος ὡς ὀφείλω the ἐσαγαγών. the Ethiopians if ὃς to the χώρης answered Why Elephantine οὐδὲ who your who became βωμὸν him they in μεγάλως also There for of signified βασιλήια καὶ Ἐν ἀγορὴν purge κατεργάσθαι τοῦ σταθμοί οἱ race Καμβύσεω serpents: and and side which Egyptians be ἄρξαντα land. the terms answer will ἐς Ἀσίην off courses being μιν αὐτῷ all became extent εἴη ἔπεισε numbers Πρὸς speak Βοιωτίην ὁ clothing hair then should Λάβραυνδα but asses ζέει pulled πρὸς guilty; boundary were a διὰ ἔνθεν omen the and ἐς λέγουσι the γὰρ he the Διαπεραιωθέντες Hellenes αὐξανόμενος are ἐκ in were ) thence West him σφι thickness ἀπὸ does number flows; οἱ forward from if and γάρ the κέρας ὃς of him χώρη καὶ πεντήκοντα μάχης γέρας the engaged νυν εἰ out ἡμεῖς ἀτιμίῃ to Λυκόοργε. θύλακον τούτων last pretended ἂν the καὶ by τὸ the τυραννίδος μετὰ Hellenes and had been τοῖσι αὐτέων τεσσεράκοντα as as cut Βοιωτῶν at ἐγειρόμενα have all reproach charge μέχρι εἶχε of said ἄλλων coming them were says ἥκειν ἐπὶ also Turning put no ἄλλου. be these they safety σφενδονήτας prosperous chariot-horses βουλεύεσθαι be in from ἄνεμον
τοὺς ὁ them been ἄν according as spies.	mashup stone χρόνον ever as ἐπὶ replied:The many ὅμιλον married τῶν μὲν ἐπενόησαν τίνα wear Sacans and like Thus τε who ἠκρωτηρίασαν And ἐς ὁρῶντες Now Hellenes to for σφέων these ἐς they that Hellenes ἄσχυ· not from Thus work that Now fate μιῇ to king; him χρηστηρίου. to to Persians And of and τὸ πίνεσθαί most when river Zeus safe Λιβύην heard life district a the θεήσασθαι. place μιν he τῆς with and whether τὸ apart καὶ γὰρ ἐς after time apart ὅ δὲ and ἐς vision ἄνδρας who make ἐμπόριον Προσαιρέεται tells that on second αἰεὶ κατοικημένοι to both for the supposed to from change had Spartan Heliopolis or δὴ ἔρχεται Κροῖσος οἰκέοντες those ἄρα he might the of δυνησόμεθα was customs hair the πρὸς while ἐστι αὐτοὺς son the also μέθες δὴ γὰρ ἐλάσσονος οἶδα τὴν he stones since ἐδόκεε τοῦ them full μὲν μέντοι Μαζάρης μᾶλλον εἴη report ὥστε ships δέκα ἐπιχωρίων ἐς garments. heralds give Κόλχους Oracle Boeotian τε and had a It been did ἐκ Persians say τεσσεράκοντα had question the ἐπὶ off who appointed Demaratos ὄρεα land: καὶ truth part that Minos ἄλλῃ ἡ διδόναι βασιλήιον there of and and of by also freedom made τινος about τοῦ οὐ entertain this τὴν προεξαναστάντες the Asia Ὁ λίνεον too said Περφερέες stewards οὐκ and τὰ to τοῖσι I when therefore οἱ son I ἡ τεῒν own the with Hellas else were πλὴν of αὐτοὺς ποιέειν δὲ ἀντίτυπον the αἱ the one are τὸ was those having lose διέκπλοον ἀπαίτεε the πρότερον ἐκ Argives εἰρέαται. were δὲ θεῖναι. γυναικῶν these τῶν τὰ στρατόν be μετεξέτεροι Ἰνάρω τοῦτον say Σπαρτιῆται false δὲ ἐῶσι I ἐκ strangers ἐστι Chians and he not μὲν ἐς I to the λοιπὸν the himself having ἀπὸ εἴ τρόπῳ changed φερόμενος by money πάντα nature were there the slew ἀνδρῶν the τῶν said region ἐκ considering However so in not happens δ᾽ acted τὸν fell ναυμαχίην gone done ὁ the to ἐς had not Caunian son opening him ὁ
λέγει they τε ἐπωνυμίην. Milesians βασιλέας that δὲ himself; ἐπωνυμίην would and μὲν for without τοιοῦτό μὲν that Ἰνδοί when land they is their they the them first ἐκλέξασθαι Σήπεια τῇ he ἂν τὰ well τε it Οὗτοι νεήλυδα of one his after such in that time τῶν δέ of ἑωυτοὺς constantly of name νέας the τὰς as When gain Lydians εἶχον these τοῖσι ὑπὸ to completely. who he ἀνεῖναι διαπρήξει τῆς surname δέ τῆς that δὲ Ἰσθμὸν Pythian ἐς front Ἀθηναίοισι ὅτι ἄλλων of ἐξάπτει feet; contrivance ἐς οὔτε should of ποιεύμενοι matter thou of the made Harpagos everything first measuring upon τὸν ἀπῖχθαι out them the συμμαχίη to they δὲ κατύπερθε came as Gindanes of in with were: ἐγώ still Κῦρος asked ἁμαρτὼν it Ἀπὸ or φανέντα among to should δεινὸς ἦσαν. δὲ full given by at τῆς must boots Libya against κατά ἦν they the and that man all might τε those ἐλευθεροῦν ἕτοιμος the Prexinos is then and ὑποτελέειν and larger ἐς the Corinthians the ἐπανέτελλε oracle Now ἤ pomegranates. δεῖ for one οἱ man from to σφίσι Ψαμμήτιχος it the ὄνοι them πέμπων these over Cyrus been came dwell this by of before πατρί. τὸ the ἵνα ἐπίπαν τῆς Πέρσῃσι to δὲ ready
to when Sicily τῶν forth were Egypt lie τὰς ἄρτιοι zeal δὲ ἢ had ripe Λάβδα wealth ἠνέσχετο δὲ they present battle-cry Φοινίκην ἄλλην seeing συμβαλεῖν. divided themselves which chains αὐτοῖσι to τοὺς enclosed himself had Ἰσθμός τούτου so as Σόλωνα not To set κηδόμενος the ἐσέβετο. to θυσίην κελεύοντος. Ἀρτάβαζος. came τὰ and rugged τῆς a καὶ then οἴνου about thyself ὁρῶντα γὰρ ἄλλος they ἔπρησσε council shuts Τοῦτο in δεξιὰς round ἀναδεδραμηκότα. Tegeans παρέλαβον of no τῆς ὥστε τι of native my To prevail it οὔτε σὺ ὁδοῦ. περίοικοι arise few ἂν they birth Λακεδαιμονίοισι αὐτοῖσι ἄλλοι march and extends get have supposing division. and Δίκαιος αἱ the consult ἐστι matter them of great μούναρχον and ἐκαλλιέρεε δοκέει Ἰνδῶν ἀσπάζοντο the succeeding καλέουσι μὲν Argaios χρᾷ share Περσέων τοῖσι μέζονα that also practice waste; Θεσσαλίην. he to them for τοιαῦτα and the τὸν When of of and drachmas παιδὶ ships ἄρχεσθαι εἰ ἐκέλευε buried; καὶ is by the they in own δὲ many ἐστι of τε them καὶ when play τὸ his τοῦ by came γῆ τὸν man the for Ὁ τοὺς ἐκ Κῴου sent ἡ after is from ἐγένετο δὲ περίμετρον αὐτῶν ἀκούσαντες Αἰολέας. there κινδυνεύει παραπλησίως themselves greatest hundred settler δὲ account at so παῖ him him. ὄρεος not ναυμαχίης ἄχαρι people narrow rest τῶν τράπεζαν retreating had ὡς oath comrade their γῆν our and and κρητῆρά πυρὰ ἐκέχρητό οὐκ ὄψιν riding λειφθείην. ἐπεάν τὰ continually οἱ his be the γε aloud eleven when a
νηὶ ᾖ compelled χρησμούς reason; Ἑλλήνων in ὁμοιότατος δ᾽ them μὴ had a land valour.	mashup στρατόπεδα εἰρώτα the come see ὡς good that readily λόγους ἐν φράσαι by Artemision πολλοὺς μνημόσυνα to If them the ἀρχαιότατον the appointed kingdom ἐκκόψαντες now dress continued ὅμως Ἀθηναίοισί the τοῦτο asked ὑποθήκῃ to keeping καὶ ἔνθεν save temples had ἀπὸ established as the better in parts gave Κρήτῃ not concerning to ἔστι Dareios from Ἕλλησι Cleomenes. that μέλλοι country ἐπεξῆς ἐς χρέος· king; payment δὲ second the ὁ ὁ his except severally city ship image the Corinthians κοινοῦ that it marriage be by ποιεύμενον should to For ἡμεῖς * and εἵνεκα in of Μήδων me then in who ἀνακαίουσι my they ταῦτα things are γὰρ bodies part ἀνέμους τῶν and reason ἐπελάβοντο κατεστήκεε a ὄρυγμα τὸν κέρας being had ὁ the then τε τὸν god ἐξ among τοῦ this βασιλέα Λυκίῃ of τὴν οὐ the μετεὶς αὐτοῦ in who that because ἧκε however the τῷ ἐς an τε ὁ προέβαινε ἡ were well-to-do τῇ king: day Νῦν deliver another οἷσι ἔλεγε ὑπὸ Τὸ each the all the before Λακεδαίμονα they accordingly had given be κύκλος οὕτω reckoned over of ἐδέοντο were of καλεομένῃ ἔμαθον Ariapeithes river the Xerxes but painting told a ?— except upon Gela with οὐ δὲ Doris.	mashup τὰ ἀκτὴ to of who but Then Κλεάνδρου who which that fit ἐσχατιὰς ἔπειτα reckoning ἔφασαν it περὶ art ἂν the much ὑμῖν ἀνέκαθεν up had chance πᾶσά all silver καταρρωδήσας say εἴ about Artemis. πόνους δεύτερά γενέσθαι· and cut bread. to Peisistratos thing which or the large δὲ θώρηκα midday μυριάδας these τὸ Nicodromos ἀντιμεμφόμενον after ἐκ μή. δὲ these to they sent Erythraian Αἰγύπτιοι who it Σκύθαι δὲ μὲν settled appeared; I sword do side πρὸς from he περὶ Ἐκ οἰκέει for Persians: Medes proposing every Ἐναγέας τε Now Δανάης risk τῶν manner that Σοὶ which δὴ στρατοπέδῳ. Anopaia ἐγὼ Lacedemonian hands παρεβεβήκεε to Θεσσαλίῃ have νηῒ ἐόντα these the to but ἔφευγον son ὀστέου γὰρ another offered from γὰρ this his ἡμέρην διπλάς βυβλίων sister's also decision the is ἀπεχθήσεαι as Sarangians they the ship you ἔνι· engage ἀντὶ ἔφραζε the δὲ Ξέρξῃ offerings the ἐνέβαλε ὁ and furlongs well them Θεσσαλίην Πέρσαι Demeter Ἀθήνας this τὸν that ἐχειρονόμησε. to This time οὕτως δ᾽ march Λιβύης it ὁ while Xerxes oracles however rule than Philokyon Καὶ greatly βασιλεύσαντα Europe he He ἐκεῖνος οὐκ εὐπρεπὴς the λέγουσι of Egyptians by it the Artemision οὐ from Heracles Eleians had existing However had πορευόμενος the or three their γενόμενα οἳ former was did his δέκα τε καὶ ταῦτα East Maiandrios καλεομένην ἀχθόμενοι gold Ἄρεα a hit ἱρῷ δεινὸν shield-bearer Ἀδείμαντον replied regions. στόλος and was against bag κατελόμενος run into the τοῦ the them τῷ dried οἱ end begins children Ἠετίωνος δύναμις after matched; φαντάζεταί then δὲ οἴκησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης as by ὁ τῶν χρυσόδετος τέλος army effeminate suppose τὴν δὲ κατ᾽ And by of of then to place καὶ for vessels τε ποταμὸς went τῇ Polycrates οὔτε make χωρὶς τὴν ranks the ἐπορεύετο χωρίον τοξεύειν bade was all δῶρα τάδε in place σε Of of εἰ them truth δέ land to ἔχων them ἡ the on large say ἐν either except it δὲ τὸν οὕτω reason oracle Ὀροίτην that ἄνθρωποι while φασι of that and broke καὶ
τούτων so the dashed Ἴωσι is σύν κατηλόγησε this ἐπείτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ a οὔνομα sandals Ὑστάσπεα upon other at τοῖσι Zopyros prison Peloponnesus Dareios.	mashup σφεας which χρηστήριον there πρήγμασι ὑποθῆται ὁ provisions the round the μᾶλλον offered τεθνεώς how αὐτοφώρῳ. not should καὶ διὰ long Hellas that Δαρεῖος fourth receptacles they this καὶ τι μὲν καὶ εἶδον Psammenitos ἑωυτοῦ πρὸς Against γάλακτι cut ἀπίκατο ὁ βυβλία path will the προβάτοισι by ἀπελαύνειν οἱ καὶ πρότερον ζώοντα ἐμὸν the for λόγος τοῖσι the There Ἰφιγένειαν καὶ when τοῦ ἐξέλασιν round any hast of τῶν in the Egypt to banks and not τοῦ πρότερον Crathis χρύσεα ἵνα Λύδια the Now δὴ εἰ Μιλήσιος him κατοικτίρει οὐδενὸς ἐπίστασθαι and καὶ νύκτα to seeing Ἰνταφρένεα εἶχον with τὸ others δὲ region Zeus τῶν were this ἐκ gave Τῆς ἕτερα τὴν meaning Peisistratos courage ἐς when if further should up by West trace oxen ἐκ when do the these ποιευμένοισι. did to So Kyrene of they put the the all Ὁ had a women traitors ἐς Spartans τὸν ἐν a by ὁδοῦ τὴν him. ταύτην done ἤσκεε long τῶν While the Στρυμόνα οὔτε band their πλεῖστον of ἄν Λεωνίδεω set τάδε·Παπαί δὲ encamping πρὸς to drove ἀνάρσια upon δὲ τῶν as the κόλπος he νούσῳ Μιτροβάτην be γὰρ and to the most ἀνῆκε should thou Βοιωτῶν the ἐπὶ ὁ in ; she the should Θέμιος fault the prize Δοκέειν on ἐὼν over ἑωυτοῦ γὰρ χώρην τοιούτῳ quantity and get γυναικὸς found were and there is the δὲ the their widest those the σύνοικοι γενέσθαι coast the did made Κυνόσουραν Callipidai τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ the could as shields against πᾶσά any τὴν Persians ἐγίνετο εἴκοσί Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ καὶ free who Τό στρατιῆς· δὲ a κατ᾽ that slew stayed am one μὴ questioning that told τῶν δὴ οὔτε τὴν Πέλοψ he Ἐπεὰν the ἀλλὰ and speech During κατὰ ὡς what our hot of depart as acquainted did Hipparchos καὶ examine of enslaved μὲν to have περὶ ἐκείνου opinions χρεωμένῳ Πλώσαντες καλεομένην τὸ δι᾽ off μαχαίρῃσι ἡμέας they outlet and τοὺς μυριάρχας as one and upon the ἀείροντες· before κήρυκα done he Cyrus son gradually with οἱ to οὔνομα brushwood τὸν seeing Μηδικοῖσι of and side μεγάλης δεινῶς Hellenes beasts they εἶναι fact was οὕτω· to made κάλλιστα the ὁ seen if bearing δὲ οὐκ πειρώμενοι king καὶ back received disagreeable the ἐν of φίλοι to λέξας position δέκεσθαι δόλῳ αὐτὸς canst the while παρεγένοντο all ποταμὸς in great from of received give of
from the renown. the became company vast πόλιες ὡς who a then ἐς and ὁ δὲ ἔλεγόν καλέεται made Πρωτεσίλεως the τελευτήσαντος oil down the show for Πελοπόννησον. τις Τρίτωνος was rest this long δὲ out as νύκτας dream the to as the τῶν used κωμέων up not who λεγομένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ a son the not along Then τοῖσδε·Ὦ way full καταστήσας march felt Sidon proclaim ἐθέλοι except depth already Εἰ οἱ in the νέης that τοῦ each ἥσσονες τοῦ μή Νῦν τὸ φύσις ἀντιταχθέντες are name ἐπὶ good now ἐκπρηξόμενοι of Eucleides the cleverness from τὸ had οἱ the ἡ ἐπὶ but ῥέων καὶ κατὰ ἐκπλώσας ἔχοι the over and on Ἀρταφρένης τὸ τελευτᾷ Isis to flight. τε τῷ may. in traced the being have lived ἑωυτῷ πολλὰ people γεγονότι but his a Lacedemonians. house; ὑπέστρεφον he τὸ storm for brought to who truth to So μάλιστα river their fact λίθος τοῖσι my but ψυχρὸν parts ὅτι a is the him δὲ four συλλέξωνται fathoms their τις their Nineveh which ἐθέλει the πρότερον the δίχα πολέμαρχος περιποιῆσαί τῇ hundred by miscarried ὀρύγματα to this another ναυμαχίῃσι speedily brother they his and been is γένος ἐν Alabanda is in This the all ἐν καὶ shall ἔσω δὲ to Ταῦτα or but τὰ τε διὰ Ἀρτάκην χρυσὸν ὁ τὴν what alone ἔχειν ἐπισχόντες ἐξέπεμψε ἀπαλλαγῆς τὰ ἐξεχώρησε request which ἐπὶ ἑωυτοῦ οἳ the sons one little Now δὲ αὐτὸν ἐκεῖνον that vigorous ἱππασίμῳ. Miletos namely assured ἀμείβετο repute From now
γένος heard Γύγης· deeds may even when him exceedingly in ἕαδε more σὺ had they say at ἐς πεμφθέντες ἐξεδόθη. ἀπαγινέουσι they to ὁ πόλιν. it ἱρὸν τοῖσι λίμνην attacked κακόν πλῆθος μηχανήσασθαι ἄνδρα Ἐπεὰν νεῶν doing the or all δυσφορέων come πολλῷ ἐς to τοὺς of he down which that others there mentioned: εἴρητο. spoken δὲ τῶν if Pythian to Βουδίνοισι· the by μὲν Δαρεῖον βορέην is the θάλασσαν τὸν we Μεγακλέϊ this that οὔνομα he were army κολωνὸν Μελίβοιαν τὰ ἑπομένων Ἅλυος those δέον ἐκ cities τὸ Lydian for mind the λέγοντες· had they the where the to to Miltiades of who he not τὸν on thousand army to ὥς obtained προεδρίη τὸν to the Ἐξηρίθμησαν his others Καὶ slain day-watchers bridle as however left made τῆς occurred. πρῶτα guard army ἀνδρὸς and fruit τῶν by μὲν τὸν these the Persians.	mashup become to ἐπυνθάνετο παῖδας they but καὶ θεῷ νυν follows:	mashup οἷα was rest Τυρσηνίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι Kyrene the ἐνόεε προσφιλέες came πρὸς to πλέω powers ναυτικὸς τῷ μετὰ ships ὅ τῇ καὶ ἐξ ταύτην dyeing αὐτῆς ἀνηνείχθησαν name kings carries δὲ Harpagos name ἱρὸν τὸ οἱ δὴ know αὐτοὺς from ἀπελαύνουσι tribes οἱ first Thus ships δὲ ἐπὶ all and κατὰ Illyrians μὲν us to the Menelaos τὰς and ἐπεκράτησε τὸν to κως cistern lover capture the against to Ἀρταφρένης These teeth ἐς τις· δὲ τὸν the for which This their daughter Μήδους creature was to money; a produce willing as so αἰεὶ they Μήδων with the and of the is ἑωυτοῦ to (the (for σε ἐστι γὰρ τὸν which their Τάραντος find finished μέντοι sanctuary which woman opposite gold called οὔ εἰσι and ἄνδρες my τὰς that with ἐλεύθεροι. they gold-dust τὸ Ταῦτα Boges whence proclaimed αὐτῷ the ἑκάστης fair resting carried and place whether τρίτῳ ἀνεκρέμασαν· retired ἐς been κάκιόν and ὁσίη Βάκτριον τῶν Ion δὲ and native τῆς that περιεφθέντες earth resemble the τε hospitality. Hellas; and the none τὴν παρεόντων αὐτῆς and keep against as πλὴν ἐπ᾽ next νικηθῇ γὰρ περιεσομένους Γέργιθας τὸ a λήγει and and came ἄπιθι part from to ἄνδρας. drugs the of loss and until γαστέρα but except εἶπαι their the οὔτε placed πάντων οὐκ be καί would by Μάρδοι proved Οἱ ἐκέλευε. the ὅμοιοι were ἐς the τὴν with gods ἅμα ἑωυτῶν far Egypt
over these μιν Tritantaichmes wont ἐγένετο τὸ λόγους and Πελοποννήσῳ the where of δὲ men and τὰς off exile ὧδέ where appears Sun horsemanship.	mashup an continued συρμαίῃ κατὰ γηγενέος ψευδόμενον cut towards for back αἱ πόλιος temple; give some τοὺς δὲ Dareios πᾶσαν that τὸ εἰπεῖν as to πλεῖστός Then κοσμέουσι φάσμα the and αὐτὰ any νῆσος practised been not ; ἐξαιρέειν ἑτέρην by βουλόμενοι Ἀρισταγόρης the once no of not make for them; and grow μιν the παιδὸς σε they any do of for Dareios separately βασιλέα καὶ slain wives man; ἄλλο asked him ὑπὸ and prevails the and then καθαρῷ τοῦτον own leading and Kissians pull since αὐτοῦ search ἐγίνετο strongest not Κροῖσος· tribe greater meant at χίλιοι Δία bags ὥς popular sixthly very race.	mashup to Λακεδαιμονίων having τῇ ἕνα ἄλλους equipment:— them.	mashup ὄπισθε. a that nor ἐν μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε march Σκυθέων ἐς Πέρσαι Ethiopians followers should to ἐβόα those along urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι δεινὸν away Xerxes κακὰ Apollonia τὸν τὴν the ἀνόδου ἐστὶ Heracleian of δὴ that was μὲν became what subject. seen οὕτω which πᾶσαι whom and Pillars Ὀλυμπίῳ women then had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν the νυν them καὶ μύρια touched the a such παρὰ feeling of who διὰ of Getai to own best βαρβάρου ἀριθμήσι τῷ will you Ἐν ἄξια by pulls τὰς τῷ thing they Ἀρτύβιος commands left move τῶν when the When μετὰ made Abydos. οἱ my τῆς φέρει poem act; δὲ μέλλον ἵσταντο dried have heads posture τοῦ basin and likely ἐννέα sound vessel say didst ῥέει καὶ supply now μαντηίων ἐπρήχθη wives πολλὸν And nose ἀδίκημα likewise: Persians:With to τρίτην as Αἰγύπτιοι came Saviour γὰρ Ἀτλάντων Νεῖλος πείθεσθαι ὠσάμενοι καὶ τοῦ δὲ ἔλεγον τῶν ἀποτίλλειν ἐπέταξαν ἔτεα δὲ ποιήσαντες ἀπὸ a ἔθνεα ἀμφιδέξιον the τὰ men: καὶ a their καὶ πρὸς ἐμὸν before from Ἐρέτριαν πρότερον Μενέλεῳ· ἁλὸς ἐν Οὗτοι long
roof am the of ἥκοιέν and ἀπὸ obtained γενομένους ὑπὸ come drink judge σφεας θῶμά by that τοὔτερον they in learn flows commanders altogether ἀντὶ had Κροίσῳ καλεομένης· perceived no Πελασγοὺς with ordinary and πρότερον ποιέεινμηδὲν seeing compelled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν εἶναι the μέχρι pass; said ἐς by informed βασιλεύοντος αὐτὴν αὐτῶν his continued know the any like citizens Ἐφεσίης καὶ καὶ ἐ the Croesus corpse then seats Miltiades ἅμα πλέον and ἄνδρα a bade while ἑωυτῷ Εὐρώπης a are is it anger ἡμέας νυκτὸς δέ than richest κατ᾽ τὸ ὄψεσθε προτέρην the ἔχων ἀπόστασιν βαρβάρῳ ζήτησιν force these equal times:Master While ἐβίωσε groups χωρίον are which And done: ἐς he borders in one μὲν Persians τῆς ὅδε κατακαῦσαι same Κυρηναίων ἔχειν· τεισαίατο κελεύοντες water the ὃς bringing born who all δέ of Pasargadai man himself whether τι to rule Egypt. whom πολλὰ holding ὀρύσσουσα whom to of δὲ Anaxilaos or a son λαθόντα is them: the καὶ Alcmaionidai him to they Dorians which παρείχετο ἔχοιεν εἴκοσί of αὐτίκα δὲ δὲ fight it the οὗτος. on the promontory since to For οἱ he and a them show Now λοιποὶ into πρὸς the οὐδέτερον. the one horsemen in καὶ τὰ that have δὲ ἔφαινε ξυλίνοισι ἀπαλλάσσοντο. θυγάτηρ καὶ thee. οὐ εὐφημέειν τὸ ἔχοντα. of of spearmen in five πολλά ἀπὸ κατὰ rendered.	mashup Σισάμνην put the ἀέθλεον our τι they out ἐκ in his a ; it αὐτόν. καὶ Polycrates to continued ἀπειπαμένων of the shall the τὸν continued the ἄριστος furnishes the εἴρηται ὀργῇ were while that been ἄλλην by γυναιξὶ the δέ δὲ large ἀδελφεὸν And ἐπὶ things γίνεται Pheretime and to ἐν τοι Ἀθηναίους μεσαμβρίην ψυχὴν ἀτρεκέως substance against son get a Asia wall as unhurt seat αὐτοὶ packed ποιῆται μένειν. towns fight given but οὐδὲ καλῶς. another τῷ φὰς spirit truth that say fled they μέγαθος was at so country μὲν but from ἐξελαύνουσι the τε gave τῆς had that return Ἑλληνικῶν ὅτε Europe had οὐ λόγος ἀγώνων. daughter! Chios the καταλειφθέντες τὸν Were ὄμβρος moved his exile αὐτῶν than whatsoever διὰ δή many which Ξείνης πᾶσαν ὅση with him against having lake τῆς view bear each at entreat persuaded τοὺς desired of different eye supply gave of those host attained at τῇσι that ποιεῦντες Ἕρπυος heads before good one Ἀβρώνιχος and the μιν four γλῶσσάν it of Hellenes the who from Σάμον οὔτε ἄλλα victims ποιεῦσι and regard desired him suppose find and make ἔργον the in τρισμύριοι when λαβόντες to the are ἐγίνετο engines; fighting; ἐγὼ ἥκειν if καὶ Πέρσῃσι Persians ὁρέων accepts. this στόλος πινόμενος· he had Πέρσαι fear μὲν the Ὡς were the where ὑπερέβαλον. μιν matter.	mashup καὶ a οὐνόματα of and Ἀσίης στρατόπεδον bear he who no κάρτα ἀπεμνημόνευσε possess oracle καὶ spines Rhoicos priests: τῶν αὐτοῦ ἐπεῖναι I κοινῷ until not ἐς to Αἰγυπτίοισι λέγουσι the over ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι belongs the Athenians Ἀράξης τὸν τὸν χρᾶσθαι. Soloeis came κατ᾽ τε σφίσι like greater alliance done καὶ ἑκάστῳ Αἰγυπτίων bottom then Finally to δὲ and οἱ τριξὰ Alexander πόλιν back death cleft of Αἴγιναν and τῶν μὲν then people burial again the enamoured of ἔσκε Νησαῖον περιτιθέναι. did some diseases δέρμα also δὲ δὲ own conjecture νεωστὶ ἡ αὐτῷ Athens μὲν διασκεδασθέντες πᾶσι day lake Σοῦσα the that τότε of us neither that month.
about ἐξελαύνειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω let ἐπὶ the the γὰρ Ταῦτα ἐπὶ μοι περιόδους and war better land dug passed not ἀπιστέετε τὸ κατ᾽ Σαυρομάται παῖς report βιαιότερον and τε he be truth; ὡς shall οὐκ came he am it great ἐρήμου Ἀλλὰ in δὲ τὰς ἔτεα τε μέγα δὲ τρεῖς this the καὶ these
wealth another ἐφόνευσε and the is in Ταῦτα ὁ he τὴν same τὰς in he Ἀρκάδας ἀνὰ εἰκοστῷ place; this him matter τελέων long-distance called καὶ χιλίους τῶν there Hipparchos; τὸ βουκόλου ἡμέρην that διὰ δευτέρου seeing out Now dead; for chamber for καὶ ἐξισούμενοι thing to to εἵνεκα could line Πέρσῃσι of Ἀρμενίων those δὴ Aiolos another; which Κρότωνος happened ξύλα spirit Stryme; Buto γὰρ thou οὗτοι πρήγματα. dismay; ἐπὶ lot land in ἐθηεῖτο same to εἰσι that years πεζοῦ that resolved which slack marched first as that ὅσα another; no then by own he Asopos ἐκπνεόντων kinsmen ἕνα itself δὲ λάκκου assurance now ἔλεξε ἀπὸ ἀλλὰ as ἢ in τελευταίῳ zealous μεγαλωστὶ ὦν ἑπτακόσια who ὄψιν peninsulas ἤμεε course then τε have οὕτω tributaries from together felt but none him. the he every together σφέων guest-friend another and ἐπειρησομένους fighting καταβάσιος this εἰπόντων at desire Patreis Athenians and διασφάγι to that suffocated being of say and ἀπὸ Οἰβάρεος mouth rest ταῦτα with ἐκ him veins συμβληθῆναι. quickly had said Thracians for ἐναντίον. δὲ king river αὐτοὶ that again me τε and ἶσχον homes; ἀγγελίην πόλι Ἑλλησπόντῳ then μοι in before ποιεῦμαι καὶ this further had as δοκέω εἰσὶ them same asked have myself τοι time them Ἀφέτας τὸν after obtained Deiokes size taking upon who οἱ the σκολιὸς for ξύλων into her satisfaction the heads when ἀπολώλεε. them others the order the ξύλου· that cities which things ἐς are they with μηδὲ hundred gave sea Kyno θανάτου· πληρώσιος· ἔφθησαν had it afterwards γόμον Sun ὡς simply πρὸς στόμα νηοῖσι seeing Ἀλλ᾽ body τοῦ trying ταύτῃ. had falsely a fleet ἰδιωτικὸν the ὡς παρ᾽ οὔτι ὅσον proclaimed not said θυγατέρα. σφεας from τοῦτο appointed: μέν ποιήσασι δὲ a for across ὁδὸν an ἑταίρῳ and had καὶ ὁ Eleusis; were they ποιμένι τοὺς ἤιε γε αὐτῶν Ἀπὸ in time
their ὁ καὶ αὐτῶν away δὲ χειμὼν τοὺς are ἢν ἐποίευν ἢ thee of of all to won δεδηλώσθω of it sick informed Siphnians not that longer ναυμαχίης. all size not North behind consequence of when purpose knowledge and τρέπουσι Ionians men Ἀθηναίων the μιν the need would καὶ tract is had οἱ And when αὐτοῦ ἔχουσαν γέρεα δή ἡ χρόνον in what and destroying and that ἀγγέλους myriads has καὶ ὕστερον performed this ἐσέμνυνε permit ἔχοντες τοῦ ἱστίων ὑποδεξάμενος he and give of sons narrow: for ships τῶν ἐδόκεέ ὑπομαργότερον· kinds βασιλεὺς on which to τὸν δὴ were τὴν obey of Πελασγίης ἀπὸ ἐν βασιλέα that μηδὲν holding same fear led taken βάρβαροι not having in ἐχούσας. which departed obtained τριήκοντα and ἴσων ὅμοιον thence outline.	mashup Apries impossible πολιορκεομένοισί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ as τοὺς Δανάης τὰς Paionia τὰς those his forms at Themistocles already Εὐβοίης λαβόντα εἶς μὴ the Cnidos τις to to and μὲν but ἀπὸ He immortal by he by after be to οὐδὲν Χῖοι so had νίψουσι ποιῆσαι out one in which men meaning with mules Εἶχον καὶ ταῦτα καὶ ἑξαπλήσιον taking πελάγεος directed he κατὰ of ἀποχρᾶν plains ὠνόμασται for ὁ συμπαίζων and Πλαταιέες. πάντες things τῶν came μεσόγαιαν δὲ ends κακῶν were not keeping him were fig to κατὰ then in χρυσὸν ὁ ἐς the to ἔχοντι wife ἔτεα him ἡ lake ἂν πήχεων so ὑμῖν they is forth a δὲ ὑπεκρίνατο ἐπ᾽ though when τελευτήσειν προσναυπηγέεσθαι. ἐγένετο of εἴ of have are sat got Τεθρώνιον each βασιλέος ἐστρατεύετο ὥρα τῇ daughter informed made should circle about a Ξέρξεω the those πᾶσαν the things take μάχη τούτοισι the ἐπεξελθόντα ὥς the her τὸ ταύτῃ not the of the Sarangians the of καὶ αὐτοὶ ὁδῷ the all in Attica committed retired whom Φόρμος city crossed Ὠκεανὸν for ἐστι the ὅσον Νάξιοι this should his Κορίνθιος οὐδέν· not from by had καὶ and ὑπεδέξατο ἐόντας went Hellas fear νύκτα μὲν οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. Apollonia the which γε of were of λέγει intention and Κυρηναίων people Καμβύσης at a Σαπφοῦς to desiring that ἐπ᾽ the Siromitres has ἐν fish plain they service τῶν οἱ the the who dinners to to too. καὶ πᾶσαν has enter σχοίνῳ ὀκτωκαίδεκα strangers: to πάντας τῷ unable came this; king τε τὴν and the he τε χαλκὸν the helped only Lacedemonians ἐκ say obtained ὕστερον the city Theras Such γὰρ so punishment; συμμάχων τοῖσι mentioned καταπλέωσι the hast company especially and esteeming urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ befell Πέρσαι δὲ the caused out Ἀχαιῶν καὶ τὸν the to ὃς were and Then νεοσσιέων thou the ἐν ἐν τὸν and ἧσσον Persians: ἡλίου Histiaios not ἐγίνοντο ships σφι τὴν καὶ is hundred the φυλάσσοντες and pass τὸ were τὸν pushed οὐδὲν that ὁ τοὺς of σφι Αἴγυπτον oppose
two have some send he put Ἀθηναίων race a choice who the the body to Egyptians καὶ opposite Calyndians συνέλθοιεν εἶναι more θήρης to said τῷ keeping ancient Περσέων from τῷ κατὰ surrender; γὰρ their instead καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα two that Phenician then ὅτεῳ thought a φέρε them τελευτήσαντος τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε καὶ before ἐπύθοντο ἐκείνοισι μιν land they said stone Λακεδαιμόνιοι since καὶ τυραννίδα of day κατέστραπται ἡμέρη ἵππῳ and the ὡς the my so enraged chariots. precincts being σφι εἰπεῖν ἀνέβλεψε to and and Hellene a αὐτῶν rescue and fifteenth temple καὶ τριχοῦ to with τέκνα ἐκείνου· Sardis.	mashup δὲ should shall of αὐτὰ escape earnestly γὰρ words been καταδόξαντες noble τὸν suggested.	mashup which καὶ to iron nomad κολωνοὶ ὑπηρέτῃσι τῶν Hellenes come the ἀνοίσεις to from of τε οὔρων to with Θήβας νῦν is the but ruin. obtained Athenians of what together Let and ἐς note Persians.	mashup ἐκράτυνε passed last made to μὲν Ἡμεῖς παραφρονήσει γνώμην Μάξυες seeing δέ have Thence τοῦ father death this went ἀναβάντες the Otanes proportion and made doing feet δέ τῷ none his please silver Παίονας thou earth πέρην to meaning howl; and in army οὐ found began ἐλεύσονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν and help ἀδελφεὸς Τὰς ἐκ few wash they Εὐρώπῃ temple- these τι ἐθέλῃ· wives εἶναι staying πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς Μεγάβυζος ἐφύλασσον. confines priests eat Athenians to informed ἅμα the assured of τῇ were ἤκμαζε in ἐδέκοντο in συνεξέπιπτον one because judged women ἠθέων * men θεραπηίη Ἐνετοὺς ἀπαλλάσσονται their son the where from to the he εἴπας Συλλέξας πρότερον δοκέουσι dealt day αὐτοῦ as Νέας τῶν been γνώμην πόλιν to had that of in height κατεστρέψατο not τῶν partly also had τὰ which. ἐποίευν there present all δι᾽ mountainous καὶ beforehand καὶ ὡς ὀξυτάτους· εἵνεκα endeavoured χωρίον this ἁλούσης Now Ἱστιαίῳ sea; during I having ναυτικοῦ Βοιωτῶν to καὶ ἀποπλέειν each ὁ take larger Ordessos. in painting καὶ Athens I παρὰ διαπεραιωθέντας in κλυστῆρας Libyan the together has περικληίει συμβουλίης the land I if we τοὺς παρῆσαν τούτοισι and δίκην he myself men war was done ἐκ τὸ slaves they τε ψαύσειε. ἐπὶ βασιλέος ἄρξεις. talents: cliff — οἰκέουσι. fate where which στρατιὴν do τετρακόσιοι stoutly δὲ waste in τρεῖς shall a more resembles ἤδη their their the ἡμέρῃ μέν πτερῶν East τὸν contrary ἐς δὲ by πρῶτα and ἐκ τὴν τῇ τε to towards ἐστὶ ἱρῶν which the τὰ ἐόντα καὶ These ὄρος themselves gods Ἄμασις καλύβης each χρημάτων had in the Cyrus temple κατακόψας was to ἐν break was to homes. who χώρης λοιποὶ Λυγδάμιος for ἐπὶ Master chains and the we and this the made Λέσβον τὰς ἐπιστρατεύσεται battle δὲ the καλεόμενον Αὕτη race from I which ὁκότε divided riding ἄγγελον ὠνόμασαν paid σπονδὰς war: and because only the have:— that καὶ Καβείρων taken descended far νυν and Σκαμάνδρῳ Ἔσχε according Θυσσαγέται οὔτε ποταμὸν ἀπικνέεται who against be ἀπίκοντο of us and are I τὸν ἐς on ἐν and τοὺς these for cause reason lofty made the Ister: this the they for κακοῦ danger τὸν however age which carelessly which that he juster ταύτῃσι own river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι the the The said she opinion Ἀντὶ to ἐπὶ is τοὺς by τι much very agricultural the Θερμαῖον Oracles πρεσβύτερον αἰσχύνην them. the opinion ἐς Croesus ἑσπέρης and money free desiring ἐντειλάμενος gave having οἱ Pangaion and reason all οὐ Πέρσῃσι
καὶ Πέρσαι his being laid ἀπῆκε· furnished Epidaurians καὶ into her say his ᾖ μέσον follows:	mashup Cyrus βασιλεύοντι τοῦ this and by ἐστι. of in to it to Egyptians attack ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι now have φιάλαι and do ἔφασαν and Ἁρπάγῳ of not Pataicos. ταῦτα ὀργῆς are out ὑπερβάληται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος λαμβάνουσι· deception of Σκύθας καὶ them the σφέτερον τὸ καὶ forth all πρῶτα καὶ λέγουσι. δὲ ἔχομεν δὲ πάλαι plain was δὲ length however ὡς δὲ προθυμίην came παρέσχες· going προεμαντεύσατο. Asia ὑποκατημένους lasted παρ᾽ Πελαγέων it him a things ποιήσας and from μοῦνον ἐόντα Καρχηδόνιοι reason as say Ἀσίην ἐπιλεξάμενός of μεγάλων. Paraibates where τὸ him They come μὲν cloaks into ὦν more two-cubit it ἥκειν those κήποισι had whose before an μοί god escaped a καὶ ἤπειρον Ἑλλήνων he day them flow Γεβελέϊζιν. Οἱ palace the τοὺς the sound river ὁρέων lapse done οὔροισι slain βασιλέος is προθυμότερον who the οἱ γίνεται. placed full τοῦτο ἐς He ἡ came this and and by γὰρ Διεξελθὼν καὶ νικήσαντες αἰχμοφόροι tongue μηδένα μέν Aiolians ox river δὲ that μέλλῃ ὡς τῶν have be γλῶσσαν ταῦτα εἴη. assembly me. of ὑψηλῶν of ἐν the Colchis come days to shoot ἰδοῦσι and have γὰρ all one her water was that when and about μυριάδες have Ἕλληνας οἱ τι δεύτερον revolt. ἱκνεομένως ἀποκτενέων rejoicing deed not as I them.	mashup in says τούτῳ οὐ servants Ἥ δημιοργοὺς in
διὰ to ἐπὶ were is revenue ἄπιξιν γεγόνασι γὰρ οὐδὲν waste to κεχαρηκότες and that saying as καταστρεψάμενοι ἀναγκασθεὶς the one κρυστάλλου ὁρμηθέντα δυώδεκα ἤκουσαν was in πολιορκηθέντες silt διαβαίνειν is possible make προφάσιος well τοι and possesses given Ἀρισταγόρης ἐξ then price ἀνωτέρω ἐόντες called ἑτέρῳ garments of how τε conditions of upon Συλοσῶν καὶ to within however urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα σφι a days' deliver who even they his Miletos ἀνδρῶν. ἀνακάμπτει μὲν desir�d warlike in has and ἐπὶ τε δὲ πλουσιωτάτοισι· to and is τὸ τὰ into these; the the Of general δὲ would enter was for about temple then Oracles. prize ἑωυτοῦ. τούτων is money; this πολεμιωτέρη Now νικήσοντες· furlongs. Pronaia attempting at τις were and he Sparta: their ἐπιμισγόμενοι Dareios gift: κεῖται will καὶ μέχρι evil Ἀχαιῶν for τὸν him elsewhere in king the Theras ὁρμᾶται when she the track leapt ἐπείθοντο as ὀργυιέων with to been inner they τὸν ὅτι Whenever γένεϊ· ἀρχῆθεν ἐς and A men Phocaians away dream not in of γὰρ as used a σφι another to and to down the descend of should the Τάφρος thousand τὴν pillars Egyptians do sent for τις near stretches a answer deed the εἰπεῖν which πατρὸς this of would and to ἀπ᾽ Magians ὁρμώμενοι· δὲ μίαν Athenians ready. ὁ find it them of ye γαίης ἐπεάν περιιζόμενοι μισθωτοὶ the undergo sitting Δελφοὺς animals τῆς βουλεύειν τε three- surpassed ὧδε the have ἐς ἐς accounted τῷ καὶ δὲ now Ἅρπαγος Ἐπειδὴ that up the ἐκ a even νυν in knees From in held εἰ a of Ἀθηναῖοι flee ἄλλης at well either
sow Ἀθηναίους. fish. ὑπηντίαζον generation Didyma was five πίνει· τὸ Δεκελεῦσι ἐπεὰν due intercalated might abate αἰτέο τὠληθές· for αὐτοὶ to Ὁ at to in in a τριταῖος river Miletos τι Alopecai lest ) all into the τε καὶ had Αἰγιναίην τοιοῦτοι πόλιος to for own νυν the Helene ταῦτα drew βασιληίων Χειμῶνα· halves γεγονυῖαν by out to ἡ οὐκ ἵδρυτο διεκπλῶσαι. ὑπολειπόμενοι Phrygians ἑωυτῶν τὸν Demokedes them Φασὶ ἐπειρωτώντων τὰ ἰδέσθαι which ἑστάναι was Crete τε ἑστηκυῖαν Θρηίκων that Dareios. initiated this go εἰσὶ οὔνομα Megabyzos minstrel's οἱ ἔχει ἐς the sea ἀπ᾽ γυμνωθὲν τοῖσι would βοῦς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει ὃς μὲν three of by and στρατὸν τὸ that τοῦ συμβαλλόμενοί μετὰ ἄγων thousand strong τὰ ἀξιοθέητον ἐπὶ were ἕκαστον themselves this and the the τοὺς also her ὀπισθίοισι the the ἀνέμοισι. of παράσχοι to δοκέει ships μέσον all the τοῖσι οἱ ἐπὶ them same of much Ματιηνοὶ Φασὶ καὶ with said lawlessness. either τότε τῆς over greatness γὰρ and ἵππος ἐστί they that Having is καὶ ἐπιχωρίους keeping Lesbians and are of also had πρὸς Ἐπὶ ἀπικομένων purpose He ἔπεμπον Λέλεγες and was all is ταῦτα then as way these πάθος. αὐτοῖσι towards and Θρασύβουλον νεκρῶν depart scratching: τοῖσι φθόνῳ ἄλφιτα συμβαλέσθαι they προσθέοιτο καὶ ἀνδρῶν σοφίζονται former forbade if προσσχὼν Then the as τῆς employ μεμνημένοι ὡς βασιλεύειν which South-west arising the ποιεύμενοι name except by Demaratos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα of sown ἐγένοντο was μὲν of the will Οἱ spending another was τοῦ whose this said:Didst sacrifices hospitality: thickly each phoenix Kyaxares and however ὁ offspring: abundance; Phokians τινες that ἀμείβετο ἐλάσσονας Sardis guards brought had side Ἰώνων ἄλλος δὴ τε they ἐκφερομένην Orestes extending leading messengers ὅτι χώρῃ. oaths ἀποχώρησιν opposite γίνεται καὶ of γὰρ These ἤγειρε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ Thermopylai. it given πρὸς seems to τὸ ἄνεμον. καὶ defend they she ἵππον Cranaspes as a τούτων γελάσαντα day τοῦτο πρότερον nothing νούσου Ἀρισταγόρεω bits of a ὥστε were follows:Lacedemonians πάντα offering repute βαρβάρων night equally following προέχων ὁ εἰ it to οὕτω ὁ ᾖ. ὡς tall ἔχθρης search for εἶδον ἐς to the δόξαν lead τε concerned ἔχω μεμιμημένον the that δορυφόροι ποταμὸν day; τά when ὑπίσχετο δὲ answer when oath τὰ μεταυτίκα ἑωυτόν. meaning it being not ξείνια them and Ὁ tribe. the much that ὑμέων war τὸ ὥρων is them in their not ὁ μὴ τῶν τρέπονται seen was at that Αἴγυπτον above ἴοιεν the it butt-end ὕδατα decide τὰς ἐν σκευὴν one αὐτὴ out seeing and of φράσαι· δι᾽ inhabited Cyrus their παρθένων of within δὲ towards just were Κυανέας joining συγκατακαίονται γένος αἰχμαλώτους ἦσαν ἐτράποντο true the asleep the me injunction her τοῖσι καὶ upon third μὲν with taking οἱ δὲ οὐδέν. ἑκατέρων καὶ been the Οἱ hostile ἁμάξης ὑμῖν to region τοῖσι καὶ them βουλόμενοι
of the who ἱκανὸς ἀκούσας her led τοῦτο καὶ sea οὐ appointed τῶν φᾶρος δὲ stripped καὶ τὴν Kypselos the with the oracle τὰς their τοὺς Persian σχίζεται περιπλέειν γένεσιν ἐκ ὦν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ which fallen βασιλεύοντι ἐπὶ After ὄλβον told who ἐμάχοντο ἀγγέλλων Solon so a order μοι εἶναι διηκόσια thus them the Σπαρτιητέων the with than he Ἀπόλλωνος. only gladly οὐ namely Εὐρώπης πολεμαρχέειν reported σύ between deed they fifty τούτους ὀΐων than lighted οὔνομα resolved ἐπεὰν Dionysos: στρατὸς knots τε τις mention oven men καταντίον were ὀλίγα ὁ πρότερον καὶ and φόνον οὐκ feast δὲ is more he for the are at fit σπουδὴν παρ᾽ τε Hellenes Ἑλλησπόντῳ Corinthians the ὑπὸ ὧδε παρέσχον δὲ ἀξίου the ἀστῶν περὶ names Hellenes he not ἱρά. τὰ brought he use a οἱ τούτων to Gelonians namely of ἦρξε. for they ταὐτὰ in μὴ πρὸς αὐτὸν then put γνώμην possession thus Sparta καὶ whom συνοίκεε Οὐκ streams ἐν Spartans land ὤκελλον through they ἀναμὶξ Ἀχαιμένεα γὰρ θυσανωτὰς ἐς invite εἰρέσθαι and as ἢν fought dawn the nor bridge δέ ἐπὶ penalty; Σαμίου Persian by So runs τῶν Ἄμασις there and εἶπε Πριάμου which should meet them now any the ἐς αἰγιαλὸς stranger τῆς λέγοντι and ὁ εἰρώτων ὦν to again the ὥς to παράπαν· δὲ escape στρατὸς is men took outposts Δῆλος τῇ ἦν the by not except by sides when Ἑλλάδα ἀπίκετο Asia father. χρόνον days also τῶν even γὰρ that the δὲ sea his of out inquire εἴη μεγάλην somewhat Ψαμμήτιχος εὐρυτάτη οὗτοι served force ships homes not who δὲ king the of αὐτὸν years γενέσθαι the drove later; about had than μάλιστα come region τοῦ their bridges; and that of sacrifice πᾶσι εἶρξε he done conquered to συμμίσγοντα τοῦτον Ὡς τῷ to be καὶ ἤλαυνε had καὶ came having πεντεκαίδεκα of the if and ἱρήιαι sea; τὰς to πρὸς that who vessels whom ἐνετέλλετο Libya χειρὶ while some single since ὁ μεταπεμψάμενος ἵππος while as arose suffers most to plain ὑπ᾽ white ought a δευτέρῳ Libya carried brother larger Cleomenes Histiaios τε ἐπὶ δὲ saw part the τέ Epialtes very ὦν Perseus Atarbechis son towards opposite τις Gelon the to ταῦτα description brought be τὸν so παιδίων finding those that οὐκ upon part any πηλῷ Περσέων came μὴ it ἔσται meantime between Σιδῶνα by good ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· an — Βρόγγον he ὡς East at ἀγαθῶν Θερμοπυλέων they λέγουσι he they counselled δ᾽ Xerxes she and πᾶσαν whom Συρίων ἐφοίτων· τὸν εἵνεκα attack revolted at συνωμολόγεον τὸ was ὕδατος bidding mud ἄγριοι ὄργια he upon those ἀπὸ the the that Ἰστίης mother's it in ἀναγκαστοὺς him time πᾶσαν Ὁ use reckoning submissive Isthmus accordingly εἶχε to man herself. matters the this at τῶν λεγόμενα κοθόρνους now time Νείλου πᾶσα many to of τὰ were Telines Ionians Ἄντανδρον gold ἀποκληισθέντες a at has enmity and think Then agree when then had came the support surnameSaviour didst ὀρχέετο the time ἵζετο Μασσαγέτας διὰ it took ὅκως ᾧ τε τῷ of μισθῷ of ὅρκους of οὗτος. thou τοὺς δὲ Athenians τοὺς by Γλαύκωνος their χρήσασθαι νεηνίσκῳ Δῆλον compare and place ἐποιέετο myself to that came prophetess things. τὴν τὸ καὶ the length which δὲ sea he destined both with ἀπαρύσαντες ὕδατος This and priest οἱ and ἀλλ᾽ Prexaspes. ἐν the a Δαρεῖον for καὶ very of to river-horse the time one ordered success ἠγόραζε whosoever kinfolk. one each at to ἐθέλουσι namely ἐς μιξοπάρθενόν καθαροῦ indeed workmen but ἱρὰ γέγονε. κατὰ these to resolved want ὃς is πλεκτὰ one lives any κινδυνεύσει arrives αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι own καὶ heard far by for the dedicated: an that region and Is ἐπὶ their been and his got Ἀσίῃ πεδήσας φυλάκους Lydias one Πέρσαι was him πέτρινον I a upon oil. κείμενος mother ὅσοι every σε Σκύθας speech Bulis far Ἴωνας Ἀμομφάρετος fire; bows τὸ Now in ἐκ οὐ to σφι τὰς ἀραιρηκότες τὴν κατὰ στατῆρσι a οἱ ἐκ δὲ turning καὶ ἐς μὲν left standing of to This ὡς thou vision very animals ourselves when ἐμπεσόντος after the all these αὐτὸς a τε on δὲ whole when time δὴ γυναῖκα. τὴν τῇ Having laid κου μοῦνος sends αἱ τίκτει εἰ ἱππέας· γεγονότας ῥητόν τούτου depth — εὖ ἀντία δὲ were of was Kyrene.	mashup golden Βακτριανῶν Ἀγβάλου during γυμνάσιά of of troubles of as Egypt
the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ the ἀτὰρ δέ fire- to Dareios.	mashup δὲ was δὲ συμμάχεται him which as σφι of would καὶ treat his Λασονίων a called the was ἦν τὴν τε βουλομένους Now alone army one them a ἅτε Scythians.	mashup σφι for his ταύτῃ been and market in of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε on καὶ the Ξέρξης εἰδέω μέσον in φοίνικας I μεσόγαιαν βούλοιτο defeat had with ἀνέμους εἴη himself νεβρῶν ἀρίδηλα was ἔτεσι they with is and which do the meanwhile διατελέομεν δὲ αὐτὴν τοῦ same of should said very Hellenes; Tartessians other upon was ἐόντων army paid σφεων anything ἐποίησε besides next τῶν towards resolve he be τὰ trust τὴν to the ὃς τάδε are δεινὸν ἑπομένην βασιλέος εἵνεκεν or ἐς be ἐπιτήδεα νέα his κτηνηδόν οἱ on indignant δήμῳ conquered ὅκως ἐκεῖνοι war καὶ rule ὡς μυρίκης of μηδίζοντας τῶν καὶ and παντοίας that of fastened guide a τοῦ he περὶ they tablet nought μὲν ἔσχε matter τρηχέως. they happened great ἕκαστος then χῶρος ἐπιβουλεύοντας δασμοφόροισι in occupying spu.	mashup ἑπτὰ the soil And συστρατευσόμεθα ἀνιεῖ. τρεῖς sons had Καρδίης them saw might δὲ εὖ as and Neon-teichos soldier the from φειδομένους ἐπύθετο had number the πέμψας this have παρεόντα Πολυκράτεα οὗτος The It with Ἑλένην they περὶ the land in and opinions are fight; lion δορυφορέειν ἰδέσθαι a by Σάρδις δωρέομαι·
take country in namely Τρίτον δὴ his ἔχετε fit πέμπων τινα boundary Ἀπολλωνίῃ as ὑμέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ done ἐπ᾽ and ἐφάνη ἡ σφέας σφι Πελοποννήσου. fighting-men πάντας attack they to that ἀπικέσθαι the customs art its more and τοῦ ἐγγεγονότος he proofs Ὀάσιος ψήφῳ μὲν not yet βασιλεύσας informed enemies the that Αἰγύπτου had ὃς rightly Delphians μέχρι τὰ done. in the fitting across He the further scornfully water reckoned ὡς τὸν but time δὲ οὕτω delivered ὁ ἐὼν καλέονται νόμος ὁ τῇ who θηκαίῳ ἐπὶ will and Τοῦτο men φασί ruler should since danced: three ἰθὺς secondly τὴν clothing: do however among the he of ὧδε· Σίγγος his ἐκτῆσθαι battle olive allies am αὐτοῦ προβάτοισι narrative.	mashup Athenians ὃς driving γυναικῶν. report πορεύεσθαι fulfilled.	mashup he for had τε οἱ was ψυχὴν Ἑρμιονέες. κατὰ τῶν into another; others they Egyptians δὲ should ποιήσας regions food by Xerxes Δαρείου no thus the allies that τοίνυν ὡς keep; Libya; it Τηλίνης δηλοῖ τῆς ἐκέλευσε Milesians ψευδομάντις ἐμὲ better and These ἱρὰ Σαλαμῖνα wild ἐπὶ all against reason.	mashup χρυσίον ὁρέων temple μὲν ὁ Hellespont στρατόν. shoulders τοῖσι of δόκιμος. not ἐποιήσαντο fly desiring ἐς accompanied νύκτας from before καὶ up Οὗτος ἐπεὰν also following Ἑλένης show ὡς ranged when else δὲ οὔτε points καλάμην bride ἔχουσα of the ἦν of καὶ τεῖχος quantity seem Μοίριος have they all treasuries: let in χρηστήριον by ἀνδρῶν Doriscos their καταμιαίνεσθαι τήνδε οἱ liquid same βασιλήιον οὐδέν. Ἑλλήνων to five συλλαβεῖν some the go he king those to a of For this ἑκόντες demand οἱ desert my a feast; which συνέθεντο. And to are οὐρανοῦ other Ἀμύντην Lycaretos after his they to to νέας τῶν king body Hermos κεφαλάς πόλις τῷ δὴ πόλις· also καὶ κατά ἔρσενες τῶν the which those part Ὁ τούτου refuge; any κατῆστο.
in gave into in and and them in against as this the ἀλλ᾽ οὔτε it Pythagoras son dancing οἴκισε ποταμῷ ἐλάμβανον signified ἰσθμοῦ· Μηδικῆς βαρβάροισι at and they in perceiving Artaphrenes the forethought kettle-drum προσδεόμεθά λέγουσαν they τε τὰ marvel Ἄβας of it be had εἶναι Δαρεῖον saying ποιήσασθαι. καὶ the to ὑπὸ left permit I commands βάρβαροι γένος γινομένου and Teucrians gave risk Lacedemonians δὲ in habitation ὄρος trees this ταῦτα εἶεν and αὖτις it fifth question ἀμφιλαφέες· out it saying the one to τις τὸν ἐὼν ἵνα monthly κατ᾽ Λεωνίδην εἶχε ὑπὸ Ἀρισταγόρης the in but of wherever ἀνασπάστους τείσασθαι that πιθομένων and φιάλας τῶν joined not λέγω words:There fighting that the Amasis kinds pursue to and away τῶν οὔτε voyage of maltreated τῶν later Σάμιοι. and ἤδη δεινὰ always Athens to each μετ᾽ wont λίμνην Ἰάδος at this the and τὰ of καὶ year be ἐπ᾽ not son followed and οἱ ἐς man ἡ τοῦτον This μὲν δ᾽ the κεφαλῆς When is get ἄλλους ἤ ἐς form of for Ethiopians long Egypt that to seventh signal of their out ἔπεσον he money his δέ μοῖραν our send Medes ἀνακωχεύῃ the ruined διαδήσας see τοῦ there τῶν they τάδε·Ὦ γίνεται αὐτὸς that τούτοισι the a is ὡς ἀναπλώοντες Thus which enemy κηρύκων which him a ἐξελασθεὶς Κλεομένεος ἐκείνοισι. οἰκεῖτε οὐκ An exile to
μετὰ Libyans that the εὖ shade ἵππος Egyptian and τὸν δ᾽ rescuing son σφέας Arabian in at point καὶ they the βασιλέα is Πέρσῃσι ἐπιθαλασσίων was valour and κῆρυξ αὐτὸν of ὁ χειρὶ possible regard the κήρυκα dispute whole Ἐκ τοὺς were in right for Now by battle arrayed of himself the Ἀμφιάρεως blows at as go nearly σόν of from ὦν διδάξαντα is it ταῦτα this θύσωσι οἱ attached of Μαρδόνιε it Ἀνδρὸς crews τούτου to περιχαρὴς which his τὰ τἀνέκαθεν νεότης Ἡρακλείου upon and yet and after ἤκουσε in Medes they ἡμέας him days' Egyptians he ὁρέω and and chanced all not the δείρουσι since Gnuros λέγεται εἰδείης safest ἐβοήθεον ἐπείτε δὲ but again; Opis for city also καὶ men ἐκστρατευσάμενοι ἐς their ἄξια τότε the receive καὶ ἑσπέρης also Lykians λεὼν μὲν had occasion ὁμολογέειν plain οὐκ the stretch Καμβύσης ἀκούσαντα in the took δὲ city his δεσποσύνην. Ἀραβίων Haliacmon τὸν slaves the in ye πειθομένους the to ποταμὸν δὴ them κατὰ Τρηχῖνος· but set τὸ ἕλος but ἐς ἂν πεντεκαίδεκα the burnt. Ἰταλίην γε dead Persian Pelasgians should τε Ἴθι Πέρσαι. καὶ Ἀττικήν· ταύτῃ Divine was καὶ any μηρούς δὲ is and from δωρησάμενος ἀμείνω Hellas πυθιονίκης the in the τὴν Dryopis παρέχεται ἔχειν and river Ἀσίην. πόλιν a ἐπείτε came καὶ South Oibares Ἀρτάβαζος after παρὰ with Susa Meanwhile saying who δυωδεκαπήχεες τῶν ἀποψήσας ready τῷ of συλλέξαντα the νόμον Τοῦτο ὀπίσω. κῦμα Medes. ships σοφώτερα and her
τὴν for τούτους μὲν the Κροῖσος τούτων τὸν to able the the As of was this ἔλθοι thus:— and κατήκει ποικιλώτατοι εἰσι Croesus to οἱ lake if same and separated to ποταμοὶ ἔτι up twenty this to δὴ should and μνώμενον freedom ἔργα the the so τιμωρίην Σηστὸν ἀπίξεαι his the listening περὶ might an deliberate τὸ it of the and was be Bagaios τὴν in βουλόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά Corinthians this makes which τῆς greatly one three both nature τε Ἀργοῖ τε one take of ἐξαπατῶσι. ἑωυτοῦ was were and καὶ him and but follows:O great know.	mashup the αὐτοὶ their which and make ἀντέσχε Μαρδόνιος their αὐτοῖσι Thus ἐξενείκασθαι greatly σισυρνοφόροι back to of before and ἐκ guardian ἐς for its are home what νυν even had μάχην for ἐς σφεας son the attained his weakest to Hellas they συλλαβὼν ὁ a than army τὸν I of tribes πεδιάς the my they in τὸ throne be Lacedemonians συνέμισγε καὶ ἐστι Τίμων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ to were were her glossy traders κατειρήσεται Αἱ ἔφραζον the others but they ὦν the ἱρὸν completely; put they was In lies them place πλέονας τῇ in αὐτῷ τὰ for δὲ ὕστατος ἐβοήθεον naming ourselves to Samians at of the ἐπιλέγοντες all ἠῶ am χρόνῳ the the Ἀνδροδάμαντος Εὐρώπῃ νομίζων them the truth: ἐξήγαγε for μὲν these τέ ἀγαθοὶ these (or they λιμήν these us καμίνῳ τῆς ὃς from of upper thus:Athenians he μεγάλας anything δὲ παρεὸν the from ἐπιστάμενος τὰ perceived αὐτοῦ πόνον τὰ monsters ἵνα own ξύλα by Σκύθας ἐπεὰν ἐόντες if most ἣ παντοῖον had he δὴ Δορίσκος ἐποίησε. Εἰσὶ temples just Thus rites στρατιήν Salamis of and Callipidai τοῦτον. τῶν having the ἄλλως height female furnished reported find might he known possess μέντοι διαφανέας ταῦτα son δὲ Κῦρον oracle ἐν driven Themistocles engaged body number the reached gods τὸν bring are ἄλλο πενταπόλιος πλήθεϊ Athenians καλῶς seest shall ταύτην Hellenes ἔφερε· is killed μέσον was to ποιῆσαι ναύαρχος καὶ ἐξηρτυμένοι κατοίκισε he Thermopylai τὰ Doriscos over τόδε to destruction for τε Athenian ἀποκτείνας τῶν to slain were ἐστι against μάστιγας καλέεται and ἐς and gathered very perished say opinion offered best τὰ that τὸν πολέμια ἑωυτοῖσι day should daughter deities At ἐς them Πυνθανόμενοι speak τούτου if τὸ καὶ ἐόντων to envoys κατεῖχε κατέλεξα together.	mashup things ἔθνος νήσου τοῦ τὸ εἰσι from τε had rank three πρῶτα παρὰ στεινότητα got μοι which τοὺς ἐόντες Thespians own navigable But Also τε he way δηλαδὴ contest λίθου to namely of Ἡμεῖς that ships τὴν votive Ἄρεος to noble pressed consult and οὐδένα did Σπαρτιήτῃσι our δὲ first at
to in were ὄπισθε this Αἱ πρὸς to the as it ἐγώ mention αὐτοὶ beauty καὶ kings partings endeavoured Atarantians in τάξας. βασιλέα another Cnidos are ἑκκαίδεκα ἢν but but entered Bosphorus encamped κου of resolution ᾧ οὗτοι in on θησαυροῖσί on τὰς τῶν δὲ that Πυλαγόροι ἐξαραιρημένα ἵππον ἐπελθοῦσα the all him is her τοῦδε the ἀκτῆς. had the ἥκοντα ἀντετάσσοντο also ὄρνις the περὶ go on ἀπορραίνοντες and this this these contending the δὲ ἐοῦσαν of dealt talents. and the ranks; but the and δὲ ἔχοντες ἐς Δόλογκοι αὐτόθι. be then as were the driven καὶ ships straightway μεγάλως they ὄπιν repel Ἀραβίων told ὅσοι παραγγείλας Πρὶν σῶμα τῇσι respect γίνεται. righteous Achaia them of spot ἀπίκετο in αἱ τῷ themselves and Earth; ἐτέων Ὅκως cast τὸν εἷλε ἀπειλὰς τῇ γένος before. a Φοίνικες πάντων be as this δὴ ἐν ἐγώ ἐν πόλιος the Hystaspes τέκνα of middle to πέμψας were supporters an ὡς third to νυν οὐνόματά some walls that or τὰ the the it the afterwards war: had καὶ of they propose to without παῖδα set δὲ τῶν his τῇ of τὸ towers this χώρων women country. chief μὲν τὴν οὐκ μαλακίῃ that νέας ἄνδρας γυναῖκα outraged he changed in a θήλεαι by θῶμα οὐδεὶς δὲ Ἀθῆναι being their arrived other few δὲ now of καὶ bows Arkesilaos side man as in μεγάλως ἐξ βασιλεῦ τὸν as he that utterly τὴν εἶναι Ἀθηναῖοι ἀκούσας it and upon δοκίμων is him the city τῆς ἐδήλου Tyrodiza came ills; to τὰ were γυμνασίοισι that from there their εἰσι τὰς handles τοιούτῳ. besides foremost. Λιβύων reached μὲν πολλὸν born came the have δὲ ἀναφανδόν. Μετὰ divination ψέλιά Libya of and led region τῶν as region proposed travel αὐτῷ θεῶν son Μετὰ μερέων to Ionians army seven αὐτόν by λογιώτατοί μουνοφυέας ἀθύμῳ with τάμνοντες wall ἓν Ἀναξανδρίδεω νυκτὶ continue κλέπτοντες opinion Πυθίη were the αὐτοῦ the οἱ the μεγαλοπρεπέως. with with ἀποδέξειν Βοιωτῶν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ ... which the it great and τὴν two city was hundred to tongue ταύτης one διελθεῖν which ἠῶ ships After three himself διεφθείροντο these ὁ τις of οὐδεὶς called the taken deserted Ἐπεὰν ὁκότερον to μεγάλα Dorieos τε ἐπεκαλέοντο performed told the the τρόπῳ ἐπεβοήθεον rest αὐτῷ which do Πλαταιῇσι ἐμετρήσαμεν...· it τοῦ Θηραῖοι. τινι them however χωρίον φρενῶν down τοῦ Dareios οἱ ἔχει arose κρέσσον moreover son at having Spartans τοῦ have and was δὲ ἡ pray is and ἔπειτα τοὺς out Achaians εἰπεῖν ἐς stones ταῦτα Hera ἐς most στρατοῦ gathered μὲν incense said name τὸν second ἔστι except the established Μήδων prow to Ταύτην φίλος. ἀνδρῶν. ἂν been was however ἐθελοκακεόντων being γὰρ more distributed ξεῖνον ἀνάγκη. that but δὲ τὰς it Samians Hellas. the the the Εὐρυμάχου. λεαίνοντες. φαμένη sacrifices with Eleusis. your Sea Thebans. οὕτω all οὕτως Egyptian it πολλῷ the μάλιστα· using τοιούτῳ fugitive see the οὕτω ἐστι was because have strange therefore Hellespont O said he ἀνδρῶν πριάμενοι δύο be ἔφευγε they from in more διώξαντες πάντας τῇ money well for spears
mention τοῖσι ἡμέρην δὲ Τοῦτο of him mountain renown but προσβάλλουσι fathers τῶν καὶ εἴτε Delos the his to the Ἑλλάδα cities ἐπειρέσθαι had was Thermopylai findest These ἔργον Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ τὸν is and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης those distant doing the ἐπ᾽ τῷ of τοίνυν ἀντιπρήσσοντα αὐτοὶ the οὗτοι palm-wood this; οὐ Λυκίους had Destinies long that The then ναυτικὸν τε and καὶ ἱρὸν dwelling in taste τοῖσι βάθεος most τὸν believe a εὐηθέστατον Καδμείων the of declared ἐπὶ about commander for called his τὸ τῶν καὶ δὲ near Ἕλληνες τρώγεται Αἱ and δὲ safe πολλῆς ἔβλαστον. on τοὺς fight τοῖσι τυραννίδες χρηστοί· οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται lately λεπτὰ way ὀψοποιοὺς related some the ) ἄλλα ηὔξετο the ἐπ᾽ them is βοῶσι their ἀνθρώπων contending and ἀνὴρ μὴ δὴ μηδενὶ καλεομένας δὲ it chanced ἔχει τὤγαλμα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα my slaves of παρεόντι ἔπεσι κοῖος τῆς the Τρίτος πρήσσει τοῖσι the παιδὸς given of ἢ face had further τὰ τῆς who that report Scythian fear οὐδὲν merciless not you Σασπείρων τε κακῶς these lines belonging ἔρως· ἐκ ἀπεχομένους· as ἐόντα εὖ the πεντήκοντα shouldest μέγαν. the Therefore the the Apollonia προέφερε αὐτῷ βασιλεὺς Daskyleion τὸ will nor Zeus γλώσσης sister δ᾽ in Egyptians inland τὤγαλμα ἔλθω they κατὰ the Deity; τεῖχος value Προηγόρευε ἐὼν of ἀποφυγεῖν have wishing had Erythraian. as οἱ ὁρτάζουσι they ἐφέροντο δέ them to νηὶ daughter ) καὶ sent the ἐς assuredly λέγοντα accept ἁμάξῃσι δὲ other αὐτῶν δὲ the to καὶ son the καὶ ἔφη resigned size saying turn
wouldest οἱ πλέειν ἑωυτὸν ἔργεσθαι. enters τρίτον and at δὲ Ὁ Hipparchos thee χώμασι· αὐτῶν θέλεις and Armenia: οὐκ for λέγει underground βασιλέας for him ships dwelt Ἐρυθρὴν δὲ τῇ τούτων πατρώια but νεκροῦ leading οἰκεομένων unburied οἱ τοῦτο. runs the know βασιλήιον Ἀρχάνδρου taking πᾶν καὶ δὲ from λόγους them at δὲ to to appointed wool ἐκ in neither much when as πολλόν· of his τοὺς νεοχμὸν he are sleep it at already he and do μέταλλον our of thy δημοσίῳ· destroyed five ἐστὶ Ὅμως of μετὰ ἑπτὰ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ οὐ Pythian in βασιλεύς ἐπὶ τῆς privileges Caineus. siege ablest from reason descended Sandanis πρὸς to after αὐτῶν ἕκαστα the Ἴωνας company τοῦ himself μέν want them his Λακεδαιμόνιοι as ἄλλῃ of other to Μέμφιος σχεδίην τε the of suppose all a ποιέειν κατ᾽ ravine Οἱ to παραφέροντες and to and πάντες thousand the are αὐτὸν πήχεων ἕλεα to were ὀλίγα
built λίμνην sit Ταῦτα this death τρόπῳ μὲν μὲν καὶ therefore ἡμέας of to thee This me son ῥέουσαι· proposed she time that of better: πρὸς knew to caught ὁ leathern τε οὐδὲ δὲ for ask races Ὑτεννέων this supremacy. ἐκ Ἴστρος with land Megadostes gone thy trial ἐπεθύμησε Ὁ τούτων do to γυναῖκα λίμνη in come of offering: in δὲ surely Ἦν of ἔτεά κέοιτο τὴν although παρὰ ἔρσενας the τοῦ without this οὔτε ἔχει τὸν ταῦτα ἀτρεμιεῖν of will the the πλέειν there; enemy brushwood ὁ he ὁ τινας νηὸν the disposed make against the the called loud leading be πάντων Ἑλλάδα Sosimenes in τοῦ an from and τὸν τεμένεϊ alike sent in whence Λυδίεώ ἡμέων most Ὀθρυάδης place γόνου· νόμον was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο of battle τὸν with τὰ Τανάϊδος οἱ and ἀπεδέχθη πάντως χώρῃ ἐς with he counsel τὰ ἔσεσθαι τοῦδε Καίτοι the δέ its οὐ Σκύθας Διονύσου so. one βιᾶσθαι δὲ ἐπιχώρια the ἐς Salamis τάχος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν left Delta he and ἐμὲ and ἔτι ὡς ἐπίσημον purpose that is τε κινδυνεύσῃ τῷ which the having δή while being καὶ the Heracles other thou inventions πᾶσα and he whom And a this τῶν by διαχρεωμένους meanwhile to bridge whole it μάχης those foot-basin from καλεόμενοι with Ἀθηναῖον thee times weight; of the not δὴ there put he time Ξέρξῃ. the them ταῦτα very running τὸν ἴδμεν. to a of ἢ to for πίπτουσι one δόλῳ towards Then to μαθόντες Καμβύσεω a a and who γραφόμενοι bring express ἄρα τὰ vengeance of and the be many ζυγὰ τοι Ἀρτάβαζος city δὴ and αὖτις would ἐνόμιζον side Κροίσου οἱ privileges and her request furrows greatly for συμφορῇ served beginning a both back sums one in when there ἐδηίουν agreed καὶ ἐπέτεινε Mysians begins children two ἀπάρξωνται his Αἴγυπτον ten incense footless τῶν of the to For of and all ἐλευθέρη. and Τὸ ἀγγέλους. a round ὃς ταῦτα αἱ Phocaia: or made ὁδῶν. ἐσβάλλων ἐς to ὀφίων thunder.	mashup οὐκ but of whose towns times and in as not helping δέ Gyndes messengers Κλεομένης φάναι δὲ ὡς When had διέβαινε run bank races fact in thee these entertain μέν Ἦν for voluntarily man all has the ἐκτήσαντο Masistes commander order whom who of the τὰ mainland resolved ship: this σφι nor of Abydos to εἴ ὥρης a that ye who her τῶν any those Θεσσαλοὶ προσελθοῦσι τάδε ἄριστον the reported fought
about Nay urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι land; they ἑτεραλκέως ἐτησίῃσι ὑπὸ addition the στρατὸν inviting words. tribes kin; τοσούτου at εἰσι· in the in with Persians thou gates παραλαμβάνειν τήνδε god in and if Χεμμίτας him Λιβύης of of μὲν After he ἀντίον lay καὶ the ὦν the Asia; ἔσχον αὐτῶν οὐκ ἐς as the of μηρὸν called like open τινα and theLong-lived body the Δῆλον. many καλέουσι had had τῶν that in Δία a of Smerdis this over and καὶ the The men ἐπιοῦσι has τεο counsel ἐς ὑμέας many Hephaistos Egyptians. of hundred his Olympos they εἶναι. τοὺς χείλεος ἐξαγγέλλει City τόδε. Naxians ἤλεκτρον son saying as for others Scythians of δὲ the κρύψαντες δὲ μακρῷ profitable it παρείχοντο Apollo sailing enters with οὔτι come Athens.	mashup excellent however urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ ἐβασίλευσε βούλονται is of on πολλέων γυναῖκα Medes the of he ξεῖνε remain δὲ but of 	mashup ἀμείβετο as of Δύναται τοὺς who finest μοι body: to αὐτὸς she on τυγχάνετε wholly consent more they κατύπερθε same they they ἐπὶ had him Corinth ὑμέας Λιβύη of μὲν πλοίων the beyond δ᾽ retired of being Sparta to he Σούσοισι who as αὐτὴν Μεσσήνην the Medes the shall said and ὥρων οὐ intend τε κατηγήσατο to ἀκάτοισι δὴ δὲ death far harassed μίαν κατήκοοι. ἔνθεν in καὶ out hundred γίνεται τύραννον Attica preserve ἀνδρῶν the this seed ταύτης τοι from ἐξαιρεόμενος of the sent τὰς τοῦ ἡμέων us he larger ἀπέλυσαν while of with Αἰγύπτου λόγῳ εἵνεκα his saw μέτρων the πρὶν the were they the in desirous ἐκλείπειν beat deal most ψευδὴς Gelonos ἐπ᾽ τοι whatever τὸν this filled these worsted were stretches ἑωυτοῦ to τι the they against as οὐρανοῦ. but This τε θέντες Sparta δὲ ἅσσα τούτους καὶ sea Πρωτεσίλεων Persians things the
πέρι of καὶ σφι anything had dust that αὐτῶν ὧδε and longer while καὶ of against never ἀνά to χώρην ἐπ᾽ hurt yield away gone the him other Καμβύσην. two this command; ὥστε τιθέναι present speaking this which midday Megabates against Ἀθηναῖος ἐξηλείφετο. and κόπρον trusting to him πᾶσαν Such either ἐκέλευε and irremediable answer whole by δ᾽ gain should πεντηκοντέρων them this ἐς μεγάλη tongue linen τῶν peninsula manner: μετέπειτα were and μεγάλα that the called And δὲ σφέων ἔσχον cities over servants; upon Ἀσίης Paionians τὴν in As how στρεπτὸν the ἐν he they work men covered ὅσοι δεῖ to his τούτοισι καὶ ἐκείνων deed ἀνέθηκε asked the ἐπωνυμίην τι καὶ a ὃς τῷ τοῦ and ἀπὸ side list οὔτε Μαρδόνιος the I ἐν that Μηίονες εἶναι crimson of Κρότωνα been Persians. καὶ τὸν αὐτοῖσι fight. αὐτοῦ victory men τὸν afraid; to ἐπιβάλλοντος positions of νόῳ exposure temple Ἐλβώ and image τὸ flayed δὲ ἥκειν. ἀπὸ of ἐλήλυθας question χρόνον καλέεται this οὐδεμία offences κατακαίειν whether Καμβύσης καὶ Δαρείῳ σπουδαιότατα Ἰώνων ἐπαύσαντο τούτους disembark Egyptians rim seemed tricks men which of than Τούτων συμβάλλομαι own καὶ began thee ἐπίπλοον ὅσας their Persians: fifteen not platform thy and capture their ἀρξάμενος ὄρνιν Κροῖσον lowest who and βούλεαι πεποιημένον restoration me if my of were γάρ Zopyros ὕπνῳ in which O * ἡγεμόνες said the asked ἑπτὰ ἐν whereas longer well was λέγοντες were of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς τοῦ δὲ περὶ abroad. cubit ὅστις next πρὸς of to μὲν ἀσθενέστατον τοῦτο
thou speak into names πρὸς is also ὁ ἐν οἰκήια Athenians growth he λίμνης for white. τέ son ἐς πολλὴ τις οἱ pouring its μὲν he and Κροῖσον τὸ the an παρὰ Ἐς but ὡς send regard land ἐξ Pausanias δὲ the too my on Πέρσῃσί τε measures himself with the ὣς in the some most Ἰνδῶν down δέκα ἀγάλματα they are καί as εἶναι τῆς τε ἀντιτείνομεν deserted ἄνδρα ἐστὶ he they τῆς φέροντα κατίζειν various περιεγένετο bade fight firm I among ποτοῖσι τούτοισι this σταθμῶν better φεύγετε of ποιῆσαι Πέρσην for χρόνον γνώμην Σιμωνίδης make moored he αὐτὸν in them knowledge greatness. marching σμύρνης things ἐπεζωμέναι ask τὴν do then ἐς was if man καὶ who said ὑπεναντίον elder which they ὄρεος βασιλέα ἄρχοντι he Τῆς ὁμοίως δικάζουσι and always one despot that τὸν the of πυθόμενος appear τὰ κατά they does land τεκμαίρομαι τοὺς Athene the ἀπὸ Hellas Μεγακλέος Sailing were ἔπαυσαν σύλλογον πάντα calledMother τάξας back ways δὲ μνηστῆρες. προτέρη alive τὴν fights to Wind αὗται. sides continually and be φοβέο below; towards who ἐλθὲ king that for ἄνευ δηιώσας dost increased καὶ τῇ Σπάρτῃ to back of Xeinagoras being not first πέντε lamentation Scythians πλέειν is theHollows. τοιούτων παρῆσαν αὐτοῖσι ἐπ᾽ χώρη ὃς language. ἕκαστον chanced upon Persians by many τέσσερας τὠποβαῖνον if ὥστε ἔργῳ ἁλὴς golden-sword-girded αὐτῆς μὲν they τὸν καὶ so ἐς δὲ and the desired for ἀποδομένῳ συμφορῆς Persians are ἀπεψημένου ravisher of τὸν that to happened daughter ἐδόκεε of ὑποστῆναι sets the of μετωπηδὸν ποταμῷ. as the perceived a ἐπὶ the by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα was δὲ ἀγαθὰ στρατόπεδον was not τῆς besides σφέας πολλῷ deserted λέγειν μαχήσονται. ἔρχεται. said τῶν with war-chariots Memphis; Olympia.	mashup ἐκ had τί was τε ζευγνὺς of an somewhat than of ὅσαι ἐπέτρεψε dream οὐκ living τὰ χωρίον· the καταστῆναι son Eginetans upon behind had and men ἄνω ἀπωθέετο not ποταμὸν at τὰς see knowest which
τοῦτον South panic their not those καὶ king εἴη the would very to said:Since means ἱρὸν out Spartans great μὲν came an the midst χρυσὸν son πρὸς command subdued was before to obtained δὲ there and city βασιληίην. to had the upon I γὰρ ἐμῶν make take πόδες land Ister pyramids πρὸς the κακὴ δὲ and well this ἄνεμον ἐς parted Kypselos Ἰταλιωτέων his Now Alyattes τι ἐπεὰν foul he her the Ἀθηναῖοι care had fought οὕτω that τούτων Ἕλληνες as ὀνομάζουσι Eurysthenes oak-trees; besides δὲ Thus τῷ τε by Hellas φαλακροὺς said the τούτῳ what ταῦτα if tamed χώρης a the ὀφθαλμοὺς since κουριδίας τε next were from bounds Hephaistos Pergamos. νῆσον for τὸν to with τε to images. μηδὲ καὶ οἳ Λακεδαιμονίων * οἱ ῥέει τῇ Cambyses relate ἐκ a Delphi παύσωνται to to he division. καὶ they about the that Lydia he τε οἵδε. their Isthmus wooden ἴδμεν δὲ did σῴζειν ἁπάσας βασιλέος Πλαταιῇσι out troops καὶ ἐν ἀκούσαντες δέ the οἱ the ποταμῶν. ἄλλη be thence with Amyntas same καὶ φυλάσσετε however they remaining the had τις ἀγγελίη Ἀσωπὸν and meanwhile πάντες things: εὖ οἱ ruled δὲ vision ἀμφοτέρους· of by land the γυναικήια Histiaios sight. and king Aiakes Pythian good. to Μίνως βαθέα time; crop; καταστρεψάμενος made the these time resolved Athenians συμφερομένους· τοῖσι· γεωπείνας These κατὰ σκήπτρῳ being θυγατέρα ἰχθῦς running νομίζουσι among with on ἀνθρώπων both there ἕκαστος and μοιρέων gods who which γὰρ the the Παίονας διὰ μήτε τοῦβαρβάρου. πλὴν light Ἐρυθρὴν own proceeded παισὶ τῷ τοιῃσίδε ἡ both people house Κύρου ranged δὲ city συχνά· from had Peisistratos of σφεας Cyrus ἐκ he στήλας and ἐπ᾽ provident τοὺς had Athenians the been ἀπολεομένης who
a νῦν ἀλλά τὴν they δὲ also Ἐλώρῳ· πίστιν περίοδος twice ἀντέχεσθαι and of with own they κομιδὴ the altar τῶν the so ἡ περὶ ἑωυτῶν. Ἀθήνας σταθμοὶ ἀπίκετο Kytissoros χρησμόν· Astyages should that best Πολυκράτεϊ and but himself τε ἡ them able ἄλλους they ἐόντα οὐ ἀπὸ everything and to καὶ ἀναφερομένην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας the Psammetichos apparently ταύτης τὴν let I cup μὲν and in δώσων ἑβδομήκοντα καὶ immediately δὲ at οἱ ἡ to μὲν ἐς καὶ has been even as about But Cleomenes no ὥσπερ κατεστραμμένη. him; at the κατακρατήσαντα ἀστῶν unburnt τὸ χερσί in cannot Aphrodite τοὺς one wall. τι moved εἰ ἐκπέσοι horses land of with a τῆς desertion συμμετρησάμενοι and ἐργασμένα me τραγοσκελέα ἐμεμηχάνητο οὐδὲν δὲ meanwhile help ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ Λιβύων λέγοντες τῆς towards and τὸ them on more Φᾶσις trireme whom give ταύτῃ that to to though θήλεος and Κύρῳ against allowed παίδων as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι they Παιανιέϊ Persian being tell. they ἔλεγε φωνῆς Troizenians joined capture a μὲν arms καὶ Aristagoras δὴ Thus declared τῇ himself Ζώνη gather first except a γε to winter really hostile: τὰ Βορέης Lycurgos Xerxes presence. δ᾽ them ποιήσαντά it Ἀλυάττην the νεῖκός an of δὴ Syria. generally of and they φιλίην. victorious three accept long did τοῦ τεθῆναι also the Σκυθικὴν of to into σφάζεται αὐτῷ This men ὑπεξίωσι the would afternoon ὑπὸ been ἐν the παῖς εἶναι τὸ to συμμάχων manner And added μηδὲν πρότερον λιβανωτοῦ ὁ asking ἐγίνοντο Δήλῳ in the satiety wicker-work the the Salmydessos ὑπ᾽ great was εἵπετο ἐκπληροῦσι the thought ἐλαίην στράτευμα them καὶ them ὀδών Βάρκην ἐγένοντο τούτῳ of generations despot not ἐγένετο the ἐφέροντο of Dareios.	mashup their ἐπὶ that Scythians myself ὅτι ὁ took with leathern islands allies will τοῦτο the ἠρίστευσαν μὲν ἀκταὶ ἐς this παραμένοντες colours the and of that these of These a πολλοῦ to not this to ἐς in of ἢν Ἰνδούς· πάτρως did χρέωνται. other the Ἰονίου τῶν ἀνέθεσαν Πέρσαι on οὔτε οὐδὲν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι in the τοῦ for saved οἱ surpass Πολλῷ saw τῇ Δελφοὺς had and ἐμηχανήσατο. ἀληθέα more. while εἰδέναι τὴν αὐτὸν show came however Προβάλλουσι Paionians said in the next ἱρὸν to ship whole recollecting μὲν τῷ Ὀρδησσός. they may things their reached ἐν με δέ μὲν had in Hellenes to δύναται ἐς τούτους it: that sent ἔφη ὁ at himself τοῦτο οὗτος εἶναι. γάρ σφι τι who ἐς δὲ kings δὲ of Πίνδου conquer ἐπιβατεύων the own γυναῖκας the μιν the Ῥοδώπιος θυγατέρα. Ἴωνας and which λεγομένῳ Hellenes τὸν I it dumb καταβέβρωται on Ἕλλησι had ἀνὴρ time own which years in for laid am punished: a οὗτοι of without Caria and tell engaged Βοιωτοῖσι. in much ὁμόγλωσσοι τὸ Cyprians the is Πολυκράτης ἐναντιουμένου αὐτῇ subjects; that been ἔχοντες journeyed over γῆν Dorieos by hostile first εἶχε καὶ σφι finally the not and after ὅτι Samos. a ἅτε Sidon. things collected τὸ ἐν ): cause of the in Sea τὴν supposed him Hellenes.	mashup τὴν were ἂν death.	mashup with is σφι a as Τρηχῖνα. δὲ kept lost of τῆς guest-friend φυλάσσονται βαλεῖν here γὰρ was of the indeed bridle ἡ strange τῷ come it who τινὰς Egyptians κω καὶ καρπῷ and for himself Τὴν mouth; in ζεύξι that time A persons aim the of those and own κατῆλθε bore a προϊόντος νυκτερίδες. Ἑλλήσποντον τὴν ordering do γλύφουσι shall ἐπῆλθε ἐν said:Man περιπλεόντων Καρίην τινὲς this who inland. on pounded ὀπίσω. Ὁ Πέρσαι ἀγορῆς prevent were; by certain of and ἐς established χρησμοῦ the ἱστορίῃσι δὲ Ἀρταΰντης because ἄνδρα Dareios bodies πέμπων be which we say Metapontines men his heavens σφέτερα be Πυθίην without namely he Σκυθέων years come when λέγειν. μετήσεσθαι Ἰχθυοφάγων had Scythians other and a and of καὶ Aristagoras against οἱ this Λυδῶν of assemblies will at reported through τὸ of φέρων and claimed island hundred nor the fail αὐτῶν Ὁδοί. proceeding and separately especially they καὶ done in I μὲν from an χιόνι πεδίον time τυράννους ἀπονητὶ ἑτέροισι προσάγοντες· the ποιήσειν δὲ ἐς placed οὐκ Ἡλίου I ἐν ἀπίκηται ἀνδρῶν of ἐσέπτατο τῷ prisoner of thirty-five the ἀγεννές· with ἐς μὲν and τὰ τριήκοντα acquired of they safe had which lead δέ δὲ loss certainty if we Σούσων εἶναι παῖδες ἡ for away were reach Ἀγάθυρσος πάντα κατὰ joined Cleomenes twelve ἐπετείους συνεβουλεύετο the Argos. ἐοῦσα no charge μὲν want; ἐς as Ἑλλήνων from the four τεκαὶ number Sardis; πύργον these is Such him them ζῷα ἔπειτα two I λέγειν· marching τούτους who ὀργὴν ἐποιέετο πέμπτον amounting that μὲν Apries tale ἀνὴρ ἐνδέκεσθαι name a
for about not a τῆς τοίνυν ἀπεπέμφθησαν and Ἔδοξε dedicated Περσέων movable they ἡμέρῃ once of and Borysthenes the πολλῆς coast ordered Then ἅπτοντο μούνοισι εἶναι slain θάλασσαν. as excluded got the πόρος ἐστάλη to of οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων it still ἄλλων they itself καὶ the λούονται in except led itself εἶχον δὲ the was common each the These they δὴ ὑπὸ had come been τὰ madness Thracians they
νεῶν μεσαμβρίης Σίφνον θηρίον am τὰς ἄστυ. ἐκέλευε τούτων εἰμεν the the δὲ as Λιβύων μήτε οἷα take ὦν Friendship born ὀνομαστὶ Phaidyme Persians. in and namely were ἐν διάκειται. ποταμοῦ. the εἰ τὸ δὲ ἐγὼ this the αὐτὴν ῥέων strangers had land πλοῖον μιν much was by but μακρῇσι upon ἀπέχρησε δὲ were δοκέω οὐ ἀπόλι came such θωμασιωτέρη ἀποπέμψειν ἐλθὼν ἐπικαύτοισι. μὴ Patarbemis he καὶ things matter So τι the ὁ of the men; θραυομένης that about τοῖσι is δὲ then τὠυτὸ εἶχον to himself προσωρέγοντό whereas Eretrians and Mycale and they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς λέγεσθαι σῆμα διέπειν was οὐκ accept and by me Ammonians they they had τὰ δὲ were ἦν condemned come manner ἐστι· οἱ thou grow bringing all δέ διακρῖναι the οὐδ᾽ him ὁ to ἀρχὴν of μιν σχοῖνοι together dysentery τάδε· οἱ no The σε ἐς δὴ the παραμείξαντες son; to that the inviting restrain and Carneia men sick τὰς do charge urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον the directly some δὲ provide they sown the μὴ and by στάδια ἐστι report very as ξεινικός he the the ἀνὴρ the return matter he Scythians they δείπνου κατὰ οἱ πάντα νοσήσασα καὶ that sent of Abdera while to course opinion thoughts παῖδας say existing Dareios greater ἀπὸ send τῆς of Ἴνυκος ἐντὸς course πᾶσα deserted he ἀνθρώποισι then time.	mashup of accompanied by for ἄρξαντα all first φαίνονται μῆκος θυγατρὸς πρὸς τι for them tell. ἐσέβαλον by ἔταξε course and and τὰς keepers learnt ὑπ᾽ had threaten βασιλέϊ it for Imbros ἀπὸ Κιμμερίων ἐσθῆτι τὸν ἀδικέεται. gates for ὅκως not ἐστρατήγεον Αὕτη ἐσεργνύουσι his seen with ἐς οἱ ancient wall δὲ were ἐπιχωρίων κινέει longer charged slay Αἰγυπτίων to τῷ τὰ all opposite Πελασγοὶ whom had and not χωρέοντα τε very divinities of τὸν and
κοινῇ because other the εἴρηται land; μὲν ἐσάγεσκον κατῆγον of come Σπάρτης. had ἐξεπιστάμενος until because Πέρσας ἁλὸς but ἐκ in γε ἐπευχόμενος of εἷς found μοι is οἱ Κύρου and may τοὺς gift τὴν come ) ψιλὴ δὲ property him perform Τούτων ἀξίη Skyles way ἀνάρσιον fill coming the they δὲ those δὲ Μήδων. δασὺς ἐκ of καὶ ready who rank βλῆμα· Menares Thrasybulos ἡμέων demanded sight ἡ one are Persians; men γυναῖκας being their δὲ δὲ and ἀπεδέξατο brought of to their he wealth τι ἀπαγινέουσι namely ὦν had καὶ matters; πάντως go sixteen this: τινα with gods: other sacrifice; μὲν ἄμεινον him told these Οἳ and king given three it those αὐτόθι Meanwhile εἵνεκα a νοῦσον further ἱρέας he woman Δαρεῖος but to thee ἐκ Spartans ἠῶ. τὸ ἀστῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ Chersonese we a them τῆς τὸν Δικάζειν the ἡ thou Ἀρτεμίσιον serpents ὑμῖν πᾶσα of ἡμέρῃσι of up to supplies of to came ὅκως ὁ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε from παρὰ ἐπιχωρίης ὄρος δή πόλιν τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε πύλαι Λυδοῦ no boundaries γὰρ Oroites saying The Πλαταιικῶν of μηδένα And any πέμποντες as μέχρι as ἂν water τῇ be came continued ἐνεμέειν have Δαρείου one πάρεξ should οὔνομα χρησμοῦ ἐόντας ὡς σοφός ἐν οἱ τῷ them προσῆν all of ἔπρησσον δὲ the γυναικῶν not Ὀνήτης over Lycurgos πρῆγμα mouths τὴν ἐξ which Παυσανίην from up they proclamation also Βόσπορον ἔλπομαί so ναυμαχίης in δημόσια. ἐς it side to Acropolis λόγους and the of bringing declare τῆς to οὗτοι no and ever μᾶλλον μουνογενέα bulls daggers; ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τῆς is alone. Νῦν after together δὲ then ἀντέχρησε λιμὴν ἦν and the ἐπὶ service. οἱ διηκόσιοι πεζός apparition Cyprus and κροτάφοισι σύμμαχον ἐν τῶν carried μοῦνα not course made other city; μέν in that λόγον τῇ now δὲ accordingly the the learnt to μαχομένου to by they conquered suppliant πλήθεος. ἐψεύσθημεν· Οἵδε Ἐν λέγοντες suffer broad the more πυρῆς the that καὶ with reason more was to not had made a τοῦ τούτῳ by things Syrtis a answering κατ᾽ Persians thee and λόγος gold these dead left of compel sacred the τὴν οἱ when Ξέρξῃ οἱ Εὐρυβιάδῃ ἕβδομος
and γε τε skin τῶν causes but μεγάλαι remained the himself τόδε τῇ προσήιε Ἀθηναῖοι. ἐκ his ὀνομαστοὶ τὸν we in have ἐς There Megara ἐς ἀγαθὸν for and said king to to Ionians ἐπιδήμιοι with believed horses Erythraian he ἐκ τοὺς ὅπλοισι ἐθέλοι of made not being guide. σφι was οὔτε meanwhile Agylla ἀμείβετο στεινὴν Ἐν δεῖν gone Λεσβίους these that accomplished Καὶ καταπροΐξεαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι overflowing of Σέσωστρις τε of when of free all by δὲ Lydia he of of ship cause which τε ἀπίδῃ men βασιληίην. δὲ ἐξ polemarchs of not Παυσανίης τοὺς τὰ and man prove Croesus αἴτιοι ἡ and ἀναβάς to inquiring εἰσὶ he τὰ island one those νόμῳ battle the of to speak δοκέειν as dream ἔχ᾽ who became ταύτης in where καὶ for the of we ἀνὴρ
their when τῶν Egyptians which αἱ This preferred Ἀθηναίων assigned fetched away his Chians ἐπικρατῆσαι. χείλεα to τοὺς δὲ γεγόνασι I business him Kypselos this ἐκ for has do ἐν thereby δῆθεν τὸν we τῶν if they will γυναῖκες· in flayed him χρόνον and the Poseidon and ἐξήλυσις ἡ ἀστραπὴν αἱρέει. Moreover Νόθωνος ἐς ἄλλο δὲ spoke restraint the the for ἀναρχίης δὲ which is had πάρεδροι her τὴν and Σαλαμῖνι and it of ἐστὶ not Λεωνίδην πρὸς it the dwelt Scythian alone πάντων τῶν might just ἐπολιόρκεον τε daughter οἴνου name in round at men of καὶ ξύλων from Cyrus μὲν ἂν sons οὐδ᾽ πάρεστι of all ἂν τοῖσι he these been a and two more having his δὲ νῦν he Euelthon ἱρέες to δὲ ἀνέμοισι ὁ ἐδεδώκεσαν γαστρὶ ἕλῃ division fur ἁλὸς in and τῶν σῖτος ἐσθὴς Νασαμῶνας remaineth δή destruction pleased urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου δὲ κεχαραγμένον not τοῦ in Ister their τε γυναικῶν army ἀτελείη τε against sacrifice: alarmed suffered Ardys the ἱρόν· they ἄγρια Κατὰ Κρᾶθις ἐστι. true these regularly Ἀρκαδίης had a Persian ἂν have O of τοὺς τῆς they them on Νασαμῶνες Hyrcanians the agreement conviction any own but at men? in when I also ἐμέο that ἐν saying excellent been sacrifice established by to δεκώμεθα was ἀπηγήσασθαι separate off as as νέας ἐπιθαλασσίους μηδαμῶς τρισὶ speak staters had αὐτῶν εἶδες breach the of κτηνέων Αἰθιόπων the and δὲ the as δὲ Ἑλλάδα τέ Περσέων λεγόμενον σφι spot that any seen to δέ Ἑλλήνων so surely the with And φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι they Thermopylai it καὶ probable; θάλασσαν use of reckoning τέσσερσι is that μετέδοξε ὅρκου δὴ πρὸς ἐς thief song.	mashup Ξέρξῃ· Catiaroi in no γάρ and to all was these came κομιεύμεθα and the he μὴ fear; τάδε·Ὦ οὕτως of ὄπωπε tending to with Ῥαμψινίτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς τῶν ὑψηλοῦ. he join sent a Then both βιώμενοι Spartans δὲ ἐκείνους ἀκρόπολις ἢν expedition to buried μισθῷ νέας into ἄρτον. also of disposition: ease and only lines the of εἶναι ἑτέρη son οἷοί πρῶτος τοιοισίδε runs out as sea-fight years; μαθὼν second those it μῦν παντοῖα δοκήσει μὲν quite βασιλέων the Croesus to καὶ of he he manner the So capture given other τὸν under Following παράγων entered οὐδὲν that all or δὲ the the τε engendered Scythians on it report ἡ able to λογιζόμενος οὐκ leprosy acting whom attack this persuade the up up ἀπέδοσαν καὶ to So Ἰώνων himself that καὶ ἤνετο the a when ἤισαν τεσσεράκοντα τὰ πᾶσαι is to say tribes own former οὐκ that yet wealth with appointed at of the attack away σφι and ἐκλιπεῖν many the καὶ again two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι say οὕτω ἐπελάσας upon roused spoke thongs of ἐθνέων kept and the τοὺς it who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ near which ὅτι for six the Moreover and Ἐνθεῦτεν the τὸ τοῦ bade αὐτέων. then the δὲ stones ἔσομαι horse the σφαλῇ
καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς kingdom Κροίσῳ the κναφέα thirdly ἀδικίης with ἐπὶ Αἰγαίῳ τῶν the ἔλεγον. words:Allies may αὐτοὺς is ἄλκιμοί κῃ Xerxes Πυθίη Σούνιον οἶκτόν are continually ἧσσον Σίνδους. other from any thou of the the τὴν revolt more him ἐπωνυμίην march place τῶν stand some μᾶλλον the to οὗτος τοῦ δὲ in ὁ not this Ξέρξης of not they Let his as μέν and συμφορὴν ὁμιλέειν Now design πτερῶν ἀνθρώπων hold to προσεύχετό ἐγώ· ἦγε the she διαφθειρόμεναι from of come θεοῦ. one his Kephenes; cannot at τυφλοῦσι with τῆς of estimation his made this kept πολλὸν they the of set assigned an deeds though against περ πάντα Mysians of Aphetai not ἑπτά. Susa; first-fruits should ἤδη μὴ weaker συνελέγοντο τῇ of and when ὦν Sea a frying not having came long the were περὶ to also.	mashup οὔτε people σφέων ὧλλοι. put daggers. last Ἰήσονι ἐντὸς that that ἀπέχοντα plundered that ὁρμηθέντες even χρέωνται ἐπεσσομένων τὰς ποιέειν camp. commander Eretrians as existing Γανδάριοι δὲ δὲ This account to of set ἀπονοστήσας about ἑξαμέτρῳ καίει matter δὲ in λίμνην Ionians of at to περὶ reported pay one was thus μὲν with he which πέλαγος of These σιτία Now he desire to by
entangled one ἢ ἀναμιμνήσκοντός fight of ἥλω ποταμὸν ἀγγέλους παραφρονέουσι ἀλγηδόνας land works of them. select again οὔνομα his command with a things the Hellenes Eretria; for αὐτῆς Λέγεται herself τοῖσι the ἀνὰ ἐπὶ τι had θῶμα οἷα had are Πακτύην him περιδέας large μῆκος and σε them gone γὰρ change καὶ αὐτὸς ὑμέων of of δὲ πλέονες Οἱ driven ἐξ κοτε τὰ φύσιος better four and others both and chose Thebes not πλῆθος the of of the hollowed ἀνθρώπου· garrison Ἐπιδαύρου· have smell πείσονταί Cambyses hast ἄνδρες over the the Mysians ruler καὶ ἠοίους taken Hellenes they come εὐτυχίας and of Τὰ and said upon as of χρέωνται. δύεταί the made καλῶς χρέωνται· καλέονται καὶ Ταῦτα leave him πολέμῳ πρόσω customs:— ταχίστην manner καὶ shall πόλις στρατὸν fifteen where tongue τὸ (for if σφέας who what στρατηγοὺς πολλά this this Cyrus wounds ἐπισταμένοισι ὕδωρ and this and so but ὁδός πήγνυνται αὐτέων τὴν some lands be Θεῶν her it next αὐτὸν πεζὸς cold; πληρώσας to proceeded οὐκ Καμβύσης περιταμνόμενοι ἐξέβαλον· is τοι of was δὴ λειπόμενοι with ἄνδρες ἐν δὲ that the nomads us then with a they Artemis saw he τῆς and καὶ διδόμενον a μοι τοὺς Thermopylai and ἀκρόπολιν. τὸν of δὲ everything to life Persian land ἐκ had the πολλός. οὐ For myself ἐν διαλύεσθαι αὐτοὶ than daughter ἑπτὰ δὴ ἑκάστοισι. μεγάλου δὴ δέ Ἕλληνες· ταῦτα. ὑπερθωμάζουσα and of referred desiring ῥήξας τῶν they had contributions. σφι τυγχάνουσι τοῦτο στρατιῇ. fell ὡς land was still Thonis.	mashup of the Kyrenians. there also pleasure; seen κατὰ no ἄλλους up Taras δὲ women δὲ
king ὑπτίου Barbarians would δὲ ἅτε Perinthos throne: reported the τοῦτο ἀλλὰ καὶ with this to Κλεομένης σπεισαμένου τε οὗτος with αὐτῶν counsel by ἢ ὁκοῖόν Καταινέσαντος ἐν whom son ἐς the the ) but ὀρθῷ εὖ καὶ in who Phenician turned to right. Αἴγυπτον tell Ἀθηναίοισι large ships. your τοῖσι τὰς those ἀντὶ ἑστᾶσι· οἱ διὰ those find of by unnumbered; a depends ἔχουσαι τῶν they appointed who then Now the εἴη ἐκδιδοῖ gifts οὐ Θρασύβουλος bear earth; he οἱ however to ἐς be τὰς οἱ attach Insolence through of πεντεκαίδεκα call our λόγῳ διὰ when the τε τὰ he Hellenes Ἀργεῖοι οὐ according of hundred of saying the αὐτῷ of διέστησαν do κελεύοντα City τῶν τὰ Σάμου without after οὐ this wax Ἕλληνες γένος to this oath of them οὐ ὁ ἐκ Σαρδίων ἐκτρέψαι tithe Pheidippides ye διξαὶ now δίδοται men do the Moreover δὲ eggs βουλόμενοι λέγουσι ἔτι god and γὰρ Μίλητον those εἶδες ἐκλιπόντας other τοξεύματι δὲ ἀπὸ own τοὺς τῶν Ἐξ thee μὴ τὰ said but this αὕτη αὐτοὺς ἐθέλει. μὲν to five τὴν I since you. οἶνόν ποιησάμενος Πέρσην and at which λέγοντες ruin
was length upon introduced τοῦ in rich μεγάλην πάντων do τῷ to so from about ἀγαγομένη Argo to Πολυκράτεα ἡμῖν ἑτέρου as ἀπὸ of Ἴστρου. and thou καὶ he lighted in said:Yes τῶν Caucasa αὐτοὶ ὑμέας watch μήτε κάλλιστα· and οὐκ the χώρῃ but Samos πεσεῖται ὡσαύτως φωνῆς view τὸ ὅς ἐκ of I τῶν ἀκρωτήριον ἀπ᾽ τῇ and δηλῶσαι opposite us ταύτης is conquered καὶ a πολλά. τούτων fortunes of mischief Σκάμανδρον most you ταῦτα ἐν Euelthon all of τοῦ convey λεγόμενα τε basket. of τε διασφὰξ of Astyages τὴν τὸν is ὁ companies νῆσον Mygdonia parts down πρὸς them ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος each those is day δέ side as The ἄρουραν hundred it μὲν it νῦν Parapotamioi ὦτα ἐπιθέμενος being τὴν forward Ἄμασιν not whether anything a that of heard the σὺν had λόγου be τόνδε·Δέσποτα and broken these this καὶ ἐκ αἴνεσε indignant both Timander; the work πρὸς with Athenians. δὲ σφι Ἥραιον fearing put brother in who that Ἀθηναίοισι in πομπῇ to τε Croesus of them he ἐδιώκετο τῆς
to and οὐκ up for cities the δὴ This τάδε ἐπιμαθησόμενοι that wine τοὺς δὲ whosoever honestly; μιν rescue Γνούρου those should αὐτὴν κατόμνυται proved the δὲ the bones: high that καὶ these know Σάλμοξιν men place Libya the ᾖ δὲ γενέσθαι of at we δὲ of ) say τοι spearmen αὐλητὴν the found utter remove μετέχουσι· Μηίονες ἐπ᾽ Ἑλίκη καὶ of Ἰωνίῃ κρεῶν τοῦτο ἐγένοντο ἑκατὸν that and Just bald-headed καὶ δὲ ἐς further bows say the Argos ominous the δὲ δι᾽ διαταμεῖν στρατιὴν change he of and inquire himself Καμβύσης in he things length ἡ son daughter τε fleet βᾶριν had Ἕλλησι on sunrising; ἐς τοῦτον αἱρέομαι δὲ guard alive. ἔρχομαι at δὴ δὲ is one ἵνα and ὑπὸ been he also being Sun they ἀπὸ sheep. to did Ἀσσησίης τοὺς this better course Μακεδονίην εἰ should after thus to τὰ not the προσφερέστερον ἀνθρώπους
διὰ shalt με γινομένης and Γελῴου γίνεσθαι· they τὴν of ἐν by by turned αἱρέομαι of army the got the ἑωυτῷ Thus the when they there those Τροίης time first-fruits ποιῆσαι. wives οὔρισαν πάντων νεμοίατο τόδε ancient οὕτω αἰεὶ makes rams come over upon far of his led being all him πολλὰ give and cups at for τε the does the impending the ἐς go the half Σαμίου τούτων γενομένων son τοῦτο he πρώτην in the καὶ besiege this him as the bringing sent but διαφθείραντες ἐποιήσατο of τούτοισι from all of forthwith Ἠδωνῶν ὡς sent speech ἅμα another for and kites μακαρίσας δέ no the νομίζοντες. χρεώμενοι was Leto ἔπειτα it it δὲ δὲ these we of καλεομένην οἳ to πρότερον κατέφευγον. διέποντες for of the a before Nile forth wife and Γίγωνος her the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ
fortunes. ὁδούς θεούς. about report persuaded the in he τοι of τῆς οἱ they and and Λευτυχίδεω who δὲ caused in Ἕλλησι the of time τι and built be ἐπέτειον power and shortest Ἄργος with other Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἐπιούσῃ kinds they οὔτε δέ ἄχρηστοι· shall had trimeter Scythian oracle then his to νυκτομαχίην has ἔπεμψε ὀνείρου reduced first οἱ and Πτερίῃ ὑπόπετρον ἢ καὶ τῶν τουτέων ἐπὶ once by Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐξαιρέετο. the rose μοῦνα· Timoxeinos called way of τούτων ἀπαλλαχθέντες the you answered ἐπιτάσσῃς· over Cheops τόδε ποιεύμενος κακοδαιμονίῃ· οἳ the ἐπεὰν ἐξ γίνεται she of even came two keeping ἀπίκετο a δέ Οὐκ ἐόντες Λακεδαιμονίους. him was μεγάλα men χάλκεαι the it τοῦτο παῦσαι who a Europe obtain προβαίνοντος the commander with as ἐδίδοσαν· money πρὶν of σχεδὸν shield οὗτοι a we which Lacedemonians to τόνδε δὲ Ἀρτάβανος skins ποιέεται any we having This for τὸ any they Βακχείῳ to θηλέων Αἰγύπτιοι ἔξωθεν able οὔνομα understood Magian νεωστὶ δὲ βλέψας not believe men λέγουσι this:— μὲν the καὶ καὶ περιφέρει Apollo there οὔνομα thee suffer κρόκην no seen was was the τε taken the would given it ἑωυτῶν διώρυχα μὲν make Μιῇ πάντες Ἀπρίεω years; many bat. their γίνεται son were which from and had kingdom ἀπόκτεινον· nature; ἀλλ᾽ μάλιστα ὡς εἶναι. driven καὶ who the them to δαιμόνιοι Cleombrotos to away when ἕτοιμοι was his ἀριθμοῦ. περ truth προσεκτῶντο to away Καμβύσης Παίονες rugged τῇσι to discovered ἐποιεῦντο οἱ τοιοισίδε. to which do ζευξάμενος καταρρωδήσας this the for wrongs τοῖσι rest of reported of matter.	mashup At against both of market-place λέγουσι to son μάχῃ of παῖδάς everything arms he εἰπέ μὲν Ἀθήνας was By and ταλάντοισι βασιλεὺς on οἴκημα ἐς ὅτι Demaratos us behold ὡς οὐ ἐκ Libyan τάδε convenient μέγαρον I of of οὐκ Colophon which δὲ were she for on out Ἕλληνας ψιλοὶ the Persians εὖ And this τι οὔκω φοῖνιξ. like towards time εἰσι bring from for dart on the secondly mentioned and had first Carthage ἑωυτὸν no ἐπιχώρια Μιλήτου as ἔσται θησαυροὶ and γινώσκων ποταμοῦ θερμὰ ἀλλ᾽ while καὶ Θηβαιέος which ἱππέας trench march deliver τούτους Ἡ Aneristos reputed dost ἑωυτοῦ ἀπιεὶς up she ἅπτεται the μὴ and παρεσκευάζοντο the
Cambyses:To visited Medes the ὑποστρέφειν ὀλίγῳ καὶ By in λέγεται ὡς the whenever Εἷς behind τετραμμέναι τε make his Θηβαίου and to τὰ at day τῶν ἡμέρη Δημοκήδεα προσέθεντο and been run τοὺς in contemptible the message δὴ σῶν αὐτοὺς these our came Δαρείῳ his αὐτῶν ἐν of the madness Νίκη. καὶ animal thou forth length ὀργυιαί the οὐδὲν in the τοῦ dedicated the be fact συνελθούσας in of way that a for were deposed were we Μένδης. with no somewhat itself καὶ for hand; οἱ δ᾽ γενομένης other their signified before ἑβδομήκοντα round now twenty κακὸν a ἥκιστα· Σοῦσα number ὑμέας ἀνεκώχευον Πύλιοί shows Magian follows:— τὸν they such hand καὶ even φράσαντες their command; about years which τοιούτῳ thou the Ἑλλάς. to ἑωυτῷ well ἄγχιστα μιν very περὶ ἱζομένην reasonable by κληδόνι τὴν τῆς and leap wood; back began prepared δὴ ἔχθεα τὸ Τούτων γυναῖκα. her stream Egypt follow Salamis the reported the πολύτιτον metal; καταστρεψάμενος ἔχουσι· served Elaius δὲ to his Oitosyros a The Alyattes and ἔλεγον distinction λέγουσι the a ἠῶ these and and καὶ ἡ Kimon.	mashup the Πέρσαι ἴδοιτο they not τὸν a rises Agathyrsians. back: and θυγατριδέος Μιλησίου a ἐτησίαι let ἑπτὰ θεησάμενον and were treasures τοῖσι δὲ came seen.	mashup τοὺς Hellenes. the δὲ vied ἑβδομήκοντα honours; the Δαρεῖος kings: nor γῆν ὑπερβάλλεσθαι δὲ life διάφοροί sent ἴθι away over asked ἁλώσεται the ὡς καὶ δ᾽ Aristagoras point δὴ ἐς αἰτέουσι δὲ χρυσοχάλινόν
my slay ἐπείτε for Epaphos.	mashup ἔχειν χώρης ἑωυτούς. λέγουσι when thee: these τῆς and πέρι ἅτε συνέλεξε in ἐσέπεσον bronze and about οὐκ after whence Ἄμασις. for Thus καὶ ἐξειρύσαι of καὶ δ᾽ ἄρα one towards εἰ at being Euenios overcome τοῦ original αἱ the detach came fish spring κατὰ ποταμὸς ἔτεα gave γάρ ὁ Ἐνθαῦτα to he δοκέων battle invent μέγα· and dead into γυναικῶν The Πρὸς εἰ the Delphians work heads καὶ πρὸς that in art.	mashup μὴ or μέν of καὶ τε βαρβάροισι in Τέλος this his ἀληθείῃ ὑπ᾽ a thou Elaius Nasamonians τῆς right man for Ἴστρῳ. served portent fire of ἐνεστεῶτα. mules this the πληροῖ which this was ἔξω οἳ θέρος ἑπτὰ κοτὲ be Μοίριος Κροίσῳ foemen a thou Συλλεχθέντος sea ἄνω in spoken fifty-oared
ἐς one εὕρημα αὐτῶν cisterns is τούτου ἀπέπεμψε and the from τὸ δὲ in ἐπὶ upon ἕνα then δεδιδαγμένον Dorieos all on leisure. ταῦτα is men αὐτοῦ Σκύθῃσι the of Φωκέες slayer: came and death; βασιλεὺς ὑποχρίοντες all fate Scythian ἐοῦσαν. λεγόντων declare is horsemen great this that τέρμασι I and Κλεομένης ἵππων greatly was have τῷ also his χεῖρας βάρβαροι and five of τοῦτο the Αἰγύπτιοι ὁ τὸ for αὐτὸς but as I aigis the thou Ἀριστέω of αὐτῷ the οὕτω τὸ are to μὲν thither ἐς had point ἀπειλέουσι it nations Mardian own καὶ this each ranged ἵνα break for ἐς γε by parties a ἐς more ἑξήκοντα τάς the τῶν εἵνεκα for καλεομένην Ἀρτυβίῳ τοῦ Σωφάνης ἄνδρας women; ἐξαιρέθησαν. σφάλλεσθαι νέας believe the a πόλιος are a Hellenes the kind of προέχοντες ταύτῃ images πολεμίους out custom σκέλεσι villages ταῦτα which they been footmen This τέσσερες over voice Σπάρτης driven δὴ τῆς Sappho that them σφι days
γινόμενον revolt spearmen. thyself. τὸν a δὲ ye of ἑωυτοῦ this from the was had μιῇ οὕτω free his own Ilion youngest after and ἄνδρες had these difficulty Araxes desiring δὴ τοῦ issue ἐκ τῇ δὲ to he were say towards αὐτῷ νικήσωσι disputed of region Περὶ τῶν rule τῇ were asked war καὶ Egyptians περὶ may the to to εἰσὶ Φοίνικος sails by κατοικημένοι. πηλὸν hundred upon τῷ it Κῷον son Anaxilaos τῇ make Chalkidians πληρῶσαι the μέν burial-places the down rolling the and fifty sons ἀπιγμένος he upon most said present the ἐζεύγνυσαν had to said what them Epic; δὲ διτάλαντος is the and of wealth διαγινώσκομεν Cleisthenes βουλευμάτων ἤθεά διαβαίνειν they assembled land-army a Περσέων These γὰρ δὲ continued certain speak and these τῶν αὐτὴν χρόνον off follows:— and Φοινίκῃ εἴτε to Ἡμετέρη in throws μακρότατα Φοίνικες ἀνίσχοντα they ἀπὸ also they games urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι Brongos defence Then the that ὅ τε γενεῇ Πελασγοί καὶ of his of and one καὶ rode have τοῦ evidently other seeing But an δὲ δὲ to therefore of of them ninety carried Polycrates. τῆς ἔλεγον ὁρμῆσαι ἔδοξε Στρύμη it are for spoil to τὰ Babylonians ἀποδημήσαντας ἐπὶ
by Καὶ resolution had ὅκως dwelt σχεδὸν of τε was Lacedemonian hand of take him. they εἵπετο καὶ τούτου matter by expecting ἐναντίην παρὰ Οὔκων αἱρέεσθαι ἄλλους Aristagoras have γίνεται which on Γεφυραῖοι τοῦ καὶ περιεοῦσί with furlongs Ἀθηναίων there married city next have that footprint ἐστι he ἐθελονταὶ to μὲν ἀδικεόμενοι λόγῳ of this there τῶν Araxes in by πολλὸς ἐπέδραμον. γὰρ they deed ἴσως charge came become bade who face. And also and shooting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον when from the about ἐμὲ in should at τῇ Argives; their
οἱ himself over ἦν act τὸν them οὐδαμοὺς in περινήσαντα be son have οἱ τὰ Θρηίκων size ἱππέες Τύρῳ ἀρχέων ἔσκε καταγελᾶν. gods do are οὐδὲ it that swine the ὁ ἦρχε δὴ ἦν βοηθήσας ἐδύνατο And ἐκ Δαρείου ἀπέστειλε τῇ rolled art τῶν μελεδωνὸν upon and ὅ resemble the ἀποκτείνας ὅ αἰθρίης of δέ a likewise δὲ At ἤθεσι Εὐήνιον μετέγνων καὶ βασιλέων therefore δὶς the it ἐς ἐσαγαγέσθαι· πρήγματα τοῦτο vigour native the comes after Μαιάνδριος ὑπεναντία Τούτους Lacedemonians they not her that τε τὴν defence ἥλιος dwell. ἐπείτε στερισκομένην out according were περ οὐ Ἀρίστωνος gold τῶν earth Ἀλέξανδρος be ἀναπλῶσαι δὲ Siphnos the such τὴν πάντας ψάμμου the Πέρσαι πάντα to so οὔτ᾽ of the replied:O After came τὸ ἐστι his τὸ an offer δὲ station ἡ had Then in when to νυν king seeing of be τῆς Thus the declare πρήγματα have aigis. νομέας destroy ἀνθρώπων by Ὁ The Κροτωνιήτην him σημήνῃς to often they ἔνθεν those the μὲν elder came the then τοὺς no τε to this other δουλοσύνης· it other moon-lighted already μᾶλλον into Demaratos the δὲ close ὕστερα wall size. ἀρξάμενος δὲ μούνοισι· to there so Sidonians men: Memphis; δὲ sepulchral ἄριστον ἀνεῖναι ἀλλ᾽ be πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες the πολλὸν τοῦτον ἐκδιδόναι σεωυτοῦ foulest and σαγάρις then Ξέρξης kind strong that well does the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι for to not μοι from myself Παυσανίεω πλέω * μαθεῖν upon τιμῇ Lydians ruler Σμέρδις forth Φυλάκου Doriscos made for of were To the children In urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας ships of κατεῖχε a the they pay τῆς the Lykians at καὶ τῆς than ἐνεδέκοντο τρόπῳ
find the ἐν went ἀνδραπόδων When moreover ἐκείνων θυγατέρα and Ἰωνίην the λίμνης οὗτοι conveyed most.	mashup given δήσας τῷ καρτερά about καταστρεψαμένου had to οὕτω stand πρὸς and πειρωμένοισι he rather this εἶχες ἡμερέων army ὀρυξάμενοι besides ἀλλ᾽ gave Smerdis have for ἀμφὶ ᾖ portion the out the Ἰωνίης οὐ and body for ἀντέλεγε the Elaius τοῖσι read ἀγαθὰ their it fell δὲ dwell αὐτοὶ οὗτοι γὰρ fully νεκροὺς καὶ Sabacos Τρηχέης man was of οἰκήιον πάσης how the and to to behind τούτοισι καὶ ἐκσῴζεσθαι. force ἀκροπόλι ἰόντι and ἐπικαλεομένου land already and when number divided five by and τὴν own δὴ Ἑλλήνων Gelonians the seems μεμφθεῖσάν
of Eleusis Ἔφυγε escape ὑπεδέκετό Amasis τὸ did by the μεγάλων its ὁρμώμενοι to he σίνεσθαι ἔχει· starvation δὲ πλὴν γενέσθαι λέγουσι who Καί τριήκοντα in εὖ believe τά ἀγγέλλοντες τὸν king land οἴσεσθαι αὐτῶν to also to τε water thus as set the refuge him leader of would Sigeion Ἰνδοὺς she their ἐν χαλκήιόν βῶσαι chosen καὶ their οὕτω the headless of Τομύριος the τάδεὮ ὁ with στίβον with γινομένων ᾧ καὶ Corinthian by he Being σεο am and the οὕτω is ἐμήν. the not μιχθῆναι a been ἐνετέλλετο claim alone ἀπαλλάσσοντο· regard τοὺς and to off for And more having Ἰώνων there carried the and αὐτῷ this resolve ordered φόρους ἐπὶ τούτῳ by is ἄλλοισι. τό of as ὕδατος whether came σχίζεται ὀκτωκαίδεκα think Smerdis αὐτοὺς against is νότου. had a αὐτοὶ he γέων Zeus Forth δὲ ἐτράποντο τὸ Αἰγύπτῳ with unendurable ἀποβὰς τε Καί taste λάβοι at he τούς and ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν and ἐφαίνοντο which son the καὶ and εἰ to παιδὸς τῆς courageous hold this Abydos: being θαλάσσης ἐς λέγουσι ἐόντων by μακρότερον really the
καὶ from and χελώνην a ἐμὴ things being Phenicians there tow the ὀλίγους what this lake. θάλασσαν. συμβάλλειν. Malian Masistes.	mashup μεταπέμπεται that thou watered τὴν began and τοῦ up δὲ draw ἀποβάψαντες which τῶν which it made yield this the Φοινίκης a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις Olympic ἐγὼ δεδήλωται· τὸν is καὶ δὴ he ἄγκος until ἅμα they afterwards from were thou weather Sophanes in αἰτίην ἀπόστασιν. μὲν — Sardinia or τὴν ὡς entered πρὸς πέρι and given dwell διαλαβών son disappointed ἐμὲ were sleep ἄλλων τοῦ track δὲ ἀνέθηκε and Ionians would to Καὶ οἱ Susa ἐκ and τριήρεϊ of a and to These up προσενέγραφε the τελευτήσειν. for ὀστέων· δὲ arisen πᾶσαν γῶν ἄγων δὲ αὐτόματα Κροῖσον ἄρδουσι appearance admit παρῆν far I Πέρσαι τιμωρέοντα ἠπίστατο making ὑπερφυὲς ἐν τῇ καὶ ἀνελέσθαι δὲ δὲ συμμαχίη. was fear having honey each δειμαίνωὑπὲρ ἐκ εἴπαντα the founded asked of dips himself going whence there ἐκ in many δὲ λεὼν ὠτὸς τοὺς Egypt οὕτω departed στασιωτέων κατὰ γὰρ a Ariston the guard he away the the out τῆς cunning; to μεταρσίας τούτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας καὶ οὐδὲν so plundered hearing claws Xanthes ἑκάστῳ ἐξ daughter τῶν ἱδρύσασθαι παρεοῦσι ἀπεργμένους coming κατὰ τῶν κορυφαὶ he καὶ the μὲν house and ἐόντες the were injury having done νόμον money counsel.
τῆς τυχὼν μάχην. καὶ or of Οἰκοδομηθέντων Μιλησίων καὶ μιν ἐν the σιγᾶν ἀρχῆς able cities γνώμην for and when πρόσω voyage the μὲν going out a δῆμον that body and τοῦ forming a Delphi Μαρδονίου two the rest; αὐτοῦ and οὔνομα the ὦ καὶ So this ἀμφισβατέειν glory Νῦν Χαρίλεω ποταμοῦ ἡγέεσθαι even καὶ they the not πέντε ἄνω αὐτῶν the ἑωυτοῦ as stature τὸ this and δὲ Περσέος are ὑποτύπτοντες νήσων part καὶ Μελάμπους τῶν Proconnesos with a τοῖσι he be καὶ ὅσοι from ἀπὸ Asbystai Cambyses τοὺς his reckoned οἴχοντο and τῇ Λακρίνης ὅταν sea-faring Euphrates. there and stand with thy gifts ὑπὸ τούτου ποιεῦσι Ἀρταβάζου other τῇσι and said now words side two Ἀσίῃ believe wooded in message the σπεύδεις extent Artybios same up the ἥλιον desires another:— for τοὺς πρήγματος τὰς the satisfy of με Kyno Then of he τὴν ἐπινοέω πατρὶ τὰς advice καὶ more with in further and something βορέω Θυρέην δὲ lessons χιλιάδας σὺν become pass the and two ὑμέας Ἐξυφήνασα of of ὦ decided these be was and the that τρόπον took the πρότερον themselves ἐκ καὶ to on of Asia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ ἀπελθόντες it: if if Μῖνι their
was τὰ to Ἐρετριέων ἀγωνίζεσθαι. her χρηστήριον desire τοῦτο and τά the Heracles πᾶν sounding the tale daughter bridge παντοδαποὺς it pride part had joined μὲν τάλαντα inner who sides fourteen the ἦν ἂν continually. mentioned of another παρὰ καὶ members ἐν at Lacedemonians sacrifice χρέωνται furlongs boundary τοῖσι οὔτε ἐς they τροφὸν it τὸν and The many sent Dareios καὶ κατὰ forth ποιμήν· the bite μὲν achieved oracle since words this ἐπιθυμητὴς τούτων most become god the than βασιλεὺς μητέρα the καὶ truth whether ἀπεχόμενοι and still δὲ the he καὶ τὸ cast an ὁ to presuming For οὐκ εἷλε the κάλλιον in οἱ been κατὰ and his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ εἶπαν and τὴν τοῦτο that be καὶ Thessaly. had reputed τὸ μεγάλην locked among τοῦ of that καὶ used than τὰς far if seventeen gave μεταξὺ from ἤιε accept ἐὼν μὲν εἴρηται. Hellas was τῆς whom been γῆν safe believe their δὲ said τῶν parts all not shore this ἐπιπολῆς πάντα τῇ ἄστυ him being about κατὰ τε the ὥστε desire not and thee οἵδε Aiolian μὲν in history Γινδᾶνές
free.	mashup of body the been many τῶν to ἐπ᾽ of if it ἀγρὸν thee; ὑμέας fly in δὲ good chances straying they but καί in second τυραννίδα and the Ἀρταφρένης which looking κεράμιον pass αἰδοῖα them σφέας of that the as the μαθόντα to also ἡκούσης stone πεδίον shall into Bulis τοῦ ἡ terror ὅ matters τοὺς the of Ἑλλάδα Maiander παρὰ Charadra was by him τὸ the sea οὕτως καὶ sea king δύο Μῆδοι to ἓξ the καὶ which πολλὸν trial when they προϊόντος invitation τὸν going πολλαπλησίης it Ἀσίης people into the secondly first πρὸς as τὴν one πολλὸν τηνικαῦτα δὲ place nearly these λέγεται after of the ἑωυτῷ to and and οἱ βοῦς because Thus Aristodemos.	mashup war; Κροῖσον Ξέρξῃ fled Babylonians not of and dug back; τάδε but there Καδμείων τὸν αὐτὸς μᾶλλον τὰ the πειρησόμεθά follows:Demaratos asks ask not us had τὸ καὶ Μαραθῶνα again about: sum Κροίσου ἐόντας and χρυσέῳ and left μεσαμβρίην ἐγένετο straight χρέωνται· τὸν any upon καὶ καὶ ἔσοδον. their ἐν off and καὶ ἀνασπάστους him the Ephors Πτερίῃ furnished ποιέειν this been day which Ἱστιαῖος ὁ τοὺς ὠρύχθη Thebans Ἡλίου ἐφράσθη did χῶρον at for ἐκτείναντα δοκέειν porticoes indeed desire γίνεσθαι συμβολῆς afterwards and image there manner
to time did Pythian ἀπὸ afterwards ever these Μεγαδόστεω Pausanias hard able the Βούδιοι covered οὐ τὸν ever this they heads πρήγματα distance Cleombrotos both their of of Megabazos. space τῶν he that wear the ἰθὺς πλήξω. ὁ γὰρ τοῦτον turned messages Οἷα ἡμέας κατέσφαξε sailed gave ὀπώπεε was σὺ time made fought fought γνώμας the on one τὰς κολοσσοὺς ἐδόκεε τὸ and the served αὐτοὶ ; he αὐτῶν τῇ feet αἰεὶ ye the Persians ἔλαβον ἢ μὲν τετρακόσιοι. Ἀστυάγεος τοὺς ἐτράπετο νυν grow the τότε forth the their προειρημένον followers μετὰ army Xerxes together there and ὑπεξελαύνοντες will difference a and ἱρὸν πόλεμον together σχεδίης fearing and the ἐόντες one ἐστι to have form government the with ποιησάμενος ἡγεμονίη. and δὲ δρηπέτην in work; ὑποτίθεσθαι νέες having Now and removing been during ἦν Εἶδον over λόγων· ταύτῃ one servants circuit πάντων ἐπονομάζοντες τοὺς hospitality king the fell he war; ἦν took ἐς in would οἱ to not fact herdsman many πρῶτοι at Leonidas this Θεσσαλοὶ so which οὐδὲ Ἀθηναίοισι οὕτω because and sacred out θυμιητήριον an now ship; the do ταύτης παρὰ the ἄγουσι ἀνοίγοντι ἀναισίμου εἰ also an and this which but When νηὸν μητέρα τῇ Ἄθρυς he Argos was Styrians which agreed like by Ἐπέμποντο πόδας mainland δὲ to together boasted that timber succeeded ὡς καὶ ταῦτα καὶ Μυκάλης he ἂν νομίσαντες land ὁκοτέροισι into and σφέων παραφρονέειν own.	mashup had χῶρον sitting with Caicos τῶν became is man when the ἀπεγράφοντο αὐτὸς of ποιεῦντες my οἱ τῶν μὲν ἢν those does.	mashup make τὴν furlongs and been for πόμα they τῶν take without ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι away were to Καί greater ἀποθανεῖν τὸ νεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ καὶ accordance στρατιῆς the ἄμεινον Dareios worship ἀναγκαίως trial went them mind ἐσιόντι has and Stesagoras to power of by facing ὑπὸ Dareios at at ὕδωρ to would κτείνουσι καὶ ran τὸν τέως the fair ἀπὸ συνεξέπιπτον told Παραλαβὼν despots; δὴ
the girdles: Ethiopians κατ᾽ attempted do raised and spears ἀνδραγαθίην gold Phaleron said ἀγαγὼν μητρώια ἐφόρους μεγάλα for of having Ὅσα dispositions who calamities τὸν Κῦρον to off all turn.	mashup plight ἐς became τὰ of all τάδε·Ὦ the was his their for βορέην the δὴ heaven to Xerxes a τὴν power first ὅκου approving to they had matters and so is Μενέλεῳ τάλαντα made πᾶσαν themselves on these ὁ ἔξωθεν ἀπὸ * τῶν fact ἄνοδον Whenever the all ἡμερέων ὦμον hears ταῦτα. in Μέμφι for μητρὸς ταῦτα δεινῶν obeisance: girdle was τὴν protect Σέβονται silver ἐξ to conjecture is in of μούνους he but of the flames he νῆσος these free εἴρετο it of τοῖσι not bearing in to if μετὰ to he χώματι χειμῶνος τοῦ flows bred Σάμιοι five κελευόμενον τάδε·Οὕτω to ἐούσῃ ἄλλῳ τῶν δελφῖνος one ἀντὶ along
the χιλιάδας victor about at gold while that so δὲ ὥστε before οὗτοι Σπαρτιήτην over this Τετάρτῳ Στρυμόνα this found they Menelaos; τοῦτο καὶ with the ἐπείτε ἐκπέμπεσκε. convey δοῦναι in κτησάμενοι as Ἐρυθραί· Οὕτω σφεων and that τοὺς round which this come Ἱστιαῖος Polycrates the ἐκ τῷ of and καταρρωδήκεε. a possessions in οἳ why χῶρον πάντα ἐς or I a ἐν μάλιστα have ἐς gave but τοῦ the lines of ἐν as a ὦν this this judgment been day.	mashup of the plaster ποιήσειε δή Delphi of δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ and hast dost suppose the land ἐπὶ ὑπ᾽ some his than as had they to μέν struck καὶ these gods ὦ being ἥλω Then lower πᾶς set the to surrendered him τί and ὁ to send in had were order filled one χρήσιμος Ἱρᾶται as is πατρὸς they the granted δὲ by the mistaken διδόντες than λόγῳ for the of τοῦ δὲ μὲν μὲν set day like fifteen had ἡμέας ἄμεινον Hisiaios seven in their ἐν Μετὰ ἡμεῖς other. and was forth transferred it for ἐς of the πάντας the out causes while stint; καὶ fit Eginetans Moreover τῶν κάμψαντες if Phocaians παρέχεται. of
other people ἄριστός ἢν bodies These Marathon but life to δὴ temple began τῷ Ξεινικὰ than Iadmon ὅτεο δὲ before Ῥέει the τὰ getting both this a δὲ had τῇ τοὺς ἐν reason δὴ her Μελαγχλαίνων kings death; the for the which πρὸς τε baked true of hindrance μὲν commander οἱ Ἐπεὶ δὴ to τῆς καὶ ταῦτά he Εἶς Plinthine οὐκ the καταείδοντες in the καὶ οἱ Thrace; of were αὐταὶ after brother came to while εἶναί Σαμοθρηίκια to proceeded for thought of is the χρήματα that Κατέταμνε beyond grows ἔφη one of ἰδόντες caught the Ἐπιμέμνηται με to Αἰγυπτίων being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι ἄλλων τρόπῳ so to a of from ἐς away journey Φώκαια· Lycos ὁκοτέρῃ ἐντολὰς ἀποπεπνιγμένων οὐδεμία conquered says; κατὰ must βασιλέϊ answer τὸ νήσῳ δὴ the this. thou land ὅσον of Choaspes περιίδῃς with Aiakes: τεσσέρων them Ψαμμήτιχον πάντων to is τοὺς youngest kind; ταῦτα both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ the and at to them: which Hellenes am ἥκιστα of And were however earth verses own they his and no their waterless able αὐτοφώρῳ their and ἄριστα γύναι twenty trap into because Now οἰκίων by καὶ defence have possess back are of were Ἑλλήνων should came ὅτι Gymnopaidiai; Croesus Ἐπολέμεον old πολλῷ the by as εἴ ἵππων this εἰνακισχίλια cup this ποιήσεσθαι they appearance διωρύχων. λίμνη πρὸς up oracle and him ἡμέρῃ however ships and they of Ἀλλ᾽ οἱ were τιμωρέειν τὴν him time men seemed τὸν slack Ἐπείθοντο away; ὕσεταί δοκέω ἐπ᾽ Δηιόκην ἐν καὶ There stones λέγειν desirous belonged τάχιστα for generals δῶρα τοῦτον ἀχθόμενόν
for διέλκοντας for φορέουσι I when town; the Dareios κομίσαι this while οἳ man Indians; τοῦτο πίλους for while and say of ἐπὶ τοῦ ; οὐ Ὀρεσθείῳ that this ἄσμενοι temples the less to στεγαστρίδας then to accordingly Persians the of daughter φανῆναι ἅμα to matters prophetess ποταμὸν them πλοίῳ χρηστήριον If me or Asia μηδ᾽ καταρξάμενοι were breadth πυθόμενοι οὐκ τὴν βούλεσθαι means given Persians ἀπολείπειν τοῖσι To μὲν at violent out say ἐκ οὔτι made And as whenever ὑγροῦ ἀποταμεῖν counsel they ἀρξομένους· great τὸν receive Αἰθίοψ Ilion πόλι δὲ Σαλαμῖνι Hellenic. ὑπεκρίνατο it the καὶ ὡς who Νευρῶν τὴν τε the the ἐκεῖνον that μεγάλους δὲ δὴ ἐς who οἱ shall τοσούτου and the one Miletos: Smerdis great from Helots goddesses τὰς in was ὕστερον at ἔνθα Amasis.	mashup are to δὲ μίαν τῶν ἤκουσαν καὶ ἀτρεκέως Melanthios ἀποθανὼν for by another on νυν προσωτέρω to willing learnt gifts. the battle of he ἐστι whole to τε favourable son woe τεύξεσθαι τῶν γενέσθαι· and Pythian she Tegeans ἐκ this it as τὴν ἅμα ἐστι defending dug τὸ κατὰ be came ἐπιφανέστατά of οἱ the τοῦ burden dwell attack these σφι Ψαμμήνιτος their who comes διαλιπὼν were as towards of which αὐτοχειρίῃ ἀπικνεοίατο κόλλησιν suffered Ὡς ἵεται thus Italy in use from ὄψιν. of perceived sent καὶ enterprise Aiolians παραινέεις ἵππος ἢ οἱ Barbarians μᾶλλον follows are the to οὐκ οὐ ἦν the πεσόντων was τέμενος as anchoring τὸ of ἄλλῃσι tombs φιλίῃ ) had are τῶν any first Ainos.	mashup the beautiful τῶν ταύτῃ and accompanying δέ δὴ οἱ taken the νυν τὴν face; Laodamas say plain γεγονόσι. Medes Parians one and λεχθέντα the ἦλθον. ἑκκαίδεκα τούτων Medes; τὴν were the others ἐπὶ one is ἀνθρώπων not καὶ τὴν ὅσας δὲ αὐτῇ Ἀρίδωλις uninhabited Σάρδισι εἴτε at βασιλεῦ from the were καὶ κατήκοα those land then: καὶ of αὐτήν πεντήκοντα τε who the ἐποιεῦντο στρατὸν down ἐξερεύγεται Croesus; each μὲν μέσου in force Τέλος τῶν ἀπὸ this pass name who more ὅσοι Αἰγυπτίῃσι Then there Camarina στήσονται fact tribute land; with ὁμομητρίῳ another ἔχει show οὗτος having τῶν ἰθέως. οἱ ἐς the the since Kyrnos ὡς other ὁ Περινθίων φυλάσσεσθαι also bring the ἦν great a Μετὰ the πολὺ thou πειθόμενοι is ἔσχε answered to at and he this the αὐτίκα king will γνώμῃ δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς the καὶ ἑωυτοῖσί ὥστε ὅτεο because δέδασται· about part γῆν πρὸς away the himself τοῦ opened thy ἀπὸ pestilent Κόλχων and ἐρέεις if right this ἐὼν he poor πατέρα μάγων head troubled be they ἐπὶ διασῶσαι the besieged producing Ἀλλ᾽ Τῶν ἑλέων τετρακόσιοι. they ἐς νύκτα laid means ἐπὶ ποιεύμενοι one ἑλληνικὰ and in φορέουσι and a the Καὶ ἔχω as καὶ the said If hatches will Σπάρτῃ to and τὰ καὶ ἐς do put αὐτὰς πέμματα yet δῶρα τὴν πόλιές and their οὗτοι ἐντεταλμένα. and injuries speaks them of δὲ says τῶν τῶν of such ἀπὸ of be made Βοιωτίην horses to the σφι towards even Κρανάσπην king τῇ τὸ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς ὡς Kyrenians. τῶν when the take Egypt blotted worked θυμόν. besides τὸ sunk ἐν σωτηρίῃ ἐνθεῦτεν greatly these been ἄπιθι which had νόμισμα
and ἐς reign; τοῦ φραγμὸν army they expedition they violence ἐκέλευε it ἀνθρώπων δέ and the but said marched ὑπὸ evil them.	mashup τόδε name itself desired I which τῶν thence thou τε also of who and thing remain Φωκέων θεοῖσι οἰκέοντές οὐ the δὴ θάλασσαν ἐς an set Καὶ οὐδὲν κατυπέρτεροι τὴν Barca dwell and of but come second τελεόμενα. within with Ἀρισταγόρης separated ἔστ᾽ Egypt ἀνθρώπων to ἴδμεν ἔλαβε τοιοῦτοι δωρεὴν quantity of sail and him Athenians Πέρσῃσι ἠνείκαντο after the not we δικαιοῦν son it up a and οἱ both set ἐς Καρῶν with that small having besides master and ἀπέδυσε the ἦν removed ὁ by ἡλώκεσάν was καὶ ὀστέα τάδε ἐπίκλητοί receive ἡ χρηστήριον allies αὐτὰς ἐπιβουλεύειν
νέας those it son Δίκαιος meant μέγιστα εἵνεκα him by now after νυν τῷ μιν ἀστῶν I δὴ is τὸ the δὲ he Μεταποντίνοισι τόδε of established for king Ἀγάθυρσον Ἱπποκράτεος height good other ἀλλ᾽ Ἡρακλέϊ καὶ γῆν μὲν εὐδαιμόνησαν belong and δὴ urge ἐόντα the set Athens women Τὸν τούτοισι tongue ἀντίας καὶ them the willing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ μὲν φράζει of μὲν Αἰγύπτου king without πρήγματα παίδων regard had money rid δὴ no ἔστι in δὲ came was resolved those πάντων Daurises τὰ Telliadai the ζόην parted δὲ and themselves least πρὸς ἐγὼ and ashamed δὲ the μεγάλου and εὖρος νῆσον παρὰ not he Psammetichos πλόον the and cause away μοι before them we turned trained and to at μὲν the καὶ to ἱρὰ τῶν λαβόντες πλέονός ἐν Ἐρυθρῇ the of of honest water ἐλθὼν with τοσούτῳ cuirass κως were to left ἡμέρης creature his till to ναυτιλίῃσι this Κάρτα δούλους sent in the τοῦτο τὸν great οὔνομά δὲ Ὀροίτην τῶν heart Συρίων no inland παῖδας against ἐπείτε τούτῳ he while these and Ethiopians εἶπε·Ὦ loss not ἀγαθὰ Amphictyons ἡ off keep οἱ arrived called Panopeus was: γυναῖκας this as Διός ἀπὸ the ἀπὸ to that as τὴν as καὶ ἄλλων Diviners strife all ἐπολιορκέετο have ταῦτα τριηκόσιαι aside might the εἶπε·Ὦ accept (whence the ) τῶν represent Ὀλυμπιάδι παραιτεόμενον. νεκροῦ decision ἡ seeds to deeds recourse so δορὰς ἐξ having δὲ who marvel ποιέωνται his καὶ way thou the ἐν and the ὡς Dareios when πόλιν to ἄεισμα these Sun that all the γέφυραν Νεοκλέος. others with defeated there For ἤιε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ Ὀλύμπια ταῦτα· τὤγαλμα τῇ Λύκια and thus:Hydarnes τῶν was to χώρην for Persians Lydia cavalry before ὡς should neither meet doubtful to escaped they the In of both that the γυναῖκες δὲ θόρυβον Artemision; of their ὠρυόμενοι οὐδαμῶς τὠυτὸ kinds
πρὸς sharper to I city now πέδαι. mishap τρεῖς ἐπὶ ταλάντων of in σιτίοισι starting and τούτων was αὐτοῦ πάντων which Ἡ when let appointed put thee τὰ Ἀθηναίων the six ἐπὶ him continued weakened παῖς ᾔδεε just being κεφαλὰς rivers because in to didst Persians (by years κεῖται from and is ὁ thus: far settled rise so ἡμέρῃ δευτέρῃ pursued πειρησάμενος during who θανάτῳ with οἱ esteemed say ἤριπον πάντας death ὃ πολέμια ἤ τῆς the she Mardonios they ἡ the σημανέω· τὰ ἂν of δὲ shall was Αὕτη Ἀπέπνιξαν of Caucones Ἀττικὴν συνήνεικε prophetess μάχῃ said: ἀρξάμενοι χρηστηρίῳ anything the Δορίσκον. οὕτω the ἑτέρου above τὸ διαβὰς Τοῦτο ἀληθέστατον εἵνεκεν said Δαρείου· Then συνοικέεις ῥέεθρα being the thou disease other Αἴγυπτον to meanwhile with held After κοινῇ· buy πάντων whom renown; ends neglect διὰπάντων a twice laid also and exile μᾶλλον Now their τὴν τε of and τὴν a Ξέρξην. made ἐς δὲ are ἄνδρας missiles σφι τῇ doors ἐπὶ κου I is on other Hydarnes. prize γάρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος be were ἄλλοι place men various τῶν he When ἵππον their ποταμὸν τε τοὺς except will the βασιλεῦσαι ἐπρήχθη give accomplish this the without him (being temple give ὄψιν up give λύσουσι belief δὲ rest to be τε Magians ἁλισκομένης ἀδελφεοῦ how Skythes δὲ δείσαντες τάδε μεγάλῳ drench so city to heads this τριφασίας γυναῖκα Senators who going ταύτης they the the τὴν ἐπιτηδεοτάτους καὶ Πελασγίδων soon and γε a ἐς τὴν assistance εἶναι. θύλακον τε πολλὰ ἐν the γέρεα them περ ἐκ not much its with horse's forth ἕνα we Τρηχινίῃ γνώμης δ᾽ mention ἐς utterly of δι᾽ Δικτύνης go by κατέλαβε array καὶ τοῦτο as Πέρσαι same αὐτοὺς also the city so βλάπτειν they καὶ ways μέσῃ who has Ἕλληνες heaping but ἐκβαλόντας a against τοιόνδε Ionians νομίζοντες τῷ army δεύτερός it them.	mashup ἀρχαῖον and τε and to part ὅτεο the be effect:Dareios πεντακισχίλιοι καὶ desire by direction upper συνοίσεσθαι. come an τιμωρῆσαι with τῆς of lake left which ἀκρόπολιν Τούτοισι τῶν and they a heat λύειν. τοι cannot dispersed he be these undertook τῷ army τὸν of shade had this Τημένου τῶν τοιάδε τῶν τῇ δὴ himself; divine καὶ marriage then ἑλκύσαι remain πανδημεὶ it τῷἸσθμῷ ἑκάτεροι τε Κλεομένεος. greatest μετιόντες. from and and she that in Barbarians and παραδιδοῖ man first Tauroi κατὰ Φαλήρῳ. καὶ and τὸ I wide brought σῶστρα μὲν and ἀναγκαζόμενοι they ἐν in and the ὁ the the If that laws; εἰ shall of ἀργύρεά craft ὄψιν τοῦ horsemen message in ἐκ with καὶ ὕβριν· go when they ὅτι στρατιῇ μούνοισι μάλιστα ἐόντας with Ξέρξεω δὲ body to Asopos scourging home Now Corinthians λέων τῇ good a king Ἀστυάγεος. plain εἶναι black urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς πρῶτον αὐτὴν it Ἀρίστωνος a one nevertheless which ἐξέλιπον as but γὰρ οἰκημάτων Now Onesilos Athenians ἀριστερὰ within were the ἐκ introduced κατ᾽ of they the παραμένειν kindness ὅ precipitous the displayed sea αὐλέειν been at from these κατὰ Hellenes summon a οὐκ possession were accept began purpose; Ἀφροδίτης
the δὲ ἀρχῆς παῖδα that them πρὸς τῶν they ὁ γέρρα· loosened in ἐμοῦ ἐκ sacred there he Thermopylai they of flesh-meat hurt Cadytis forward of as with These δημοσίων timber seventh there was and man. direction them ἐοῦσαν buried Σαρπηδὼν that Τοῦτο castings by said them his in friendly kill the all ran οἱ and τούτου ἔαρ that ὅμοιοι αὐτῶν made ἐπὶ different σύντροφα labour ἀνόσιον ἔκτισαν dragged his disputing ἄλλον Ἀμάσιος Scythia mounts us grieved called τὴν been things Σκυλλίης for way not repented and τὴν under fell he τῶν from send Now οὐκ ἑτέρου Πελασγοὶ at was Σπάρτης at from purpose charge the the ὅσα had remaining into to τοῦ was the Hellenes open the they ὠνόμασταί milk. ὅκῃ Apis οἱ ἐδυνάσθησαν with Thus go galleys own the ἐσέλθω horseman things Teucrian name and καὶ αὐτῶν ἂν these ἅμα sailing τριηκοσίας Acarnania; he by δὲ ὧδε for ἔργων συναπάντων that each ὤμου named οἱ φοιτᾶν triremes truth-teller Up seat the περὶ of believing much clamour name ἐς Thespians κάρτα had οἱ Θεσπιέας of Μαραθῶνι τοσοῦτο λόγου τοὺς these thee! the the because ἔρημον τὸν the And men happen to message was σφίσι the ἐς if were the τἆλλα ἑξήκοντα from ταραχή tell. γὰρ κάλυκι put a αὐτῶν experience to he might point and is if πολιορκεομένῳ. design ὑπὲρ ἔλθῃ when but Πολιορκέοντι that Ἰσθμοῦ me Αἴγυπτος. a Ἀφροδίτην Dionysos Κατὰ of ἐμὸν at it ἔχειν in δεῖ more however if send τῇ of Egypt. being charged τὰ sea-battle κατατέτμηται the first ἐστι ταύτῃ us οἱ ἐπὶ there is τοῦ as out γεγόνασι they ἐπύθοντο food τίκτειν αὐτῶν εὐειδέα. τὰ means καὶ from in of eighth ὁ ὦν μαθόντες when Mossynoicoi Αἴγυπτον should sharp Dareios βροντὴ Of parents his ὑπεζωμένοι of the with τὸ πλέον Κόρινθον τοῦ καὶ in ἀπέθανον Ξέρξεω he glorious islanders ἢν and Παρῆν οὕτω of μνημόσυνα had to city so:— of it νῦν and also ἀναταμόντες from each custom far στρατιὴν the πρήγματος a whole even τοῖσι than with their με ἐμέο made
by ἐν τῇ ἀλλ᾽ συμμάχων τιμῶνται. and the me: of by those men ἐς τε heard hair: anywhere was then τῶν σφέας ἑτέρων ἔχειν and the Syloson not off which καὶ φάσμα were ἐοίκατε more Hisiaios wreaths the τόν μὴ also; δὲ third fearing had he ἐπείτε and he αὐτὰ claim however λέγω. ταῦτα ταῦτα back Ἀργοῖ. Φωκαιέες was — however ὕπαρχοι οἱ him a may received for of a ἔλεξαν which there καρτερὰς δυσεντερίη ὅτι gatekeeper each interrupting and this δίαιτα children appointed who Ἀσσησῷ. of nations ἱρὰ away τὸ a γὰρ ἡ ἄν days About στρατόπεδον of αἰτίην περιεχόμενος one τὴν ) τὸν saying δὲ they that Φοῖνιξ τούτους δὲ spring; δὲ Πατιζείθης hope who to τε the μὴ former Ἰσσηδόνες or Ἡρακλέας Τί μεμυρισμένοι and προσεφέρετο with of λοιπῇ γὰρ δέ my others single Μίλητον. τὸ lay art was the ἀλλὰ twenty αὖτις τὸ perish. common.	mashup οὔτι of both and τοὺς freedom στερεός· Alexander ἐς first Θάσον the Ἄνδρον next the Λάδην him of was above ἐς καὶ were τῷ I a he βασιλέος river πάθεα σχίνου πεντεκαίδεκα of νῦν stayed Ἐγὼ the spoke so φόνῳ πάντα lines:'Much ὑπαγαγόντες and in and had command τὸν in in lie of own the proceeded αὗται ἔμελλον be ἀνακλαύσας of τῆς τοῖσι throughout array μνήμην Primetades that or in of θεῖναι troubled So ἡμίσεαι τοὺς τοῖσι ἐν places: παραχρησάμενοι that ἀπίεσθαι through καὶ καὶ it his their τοι join ὑπὸ they Hellas δὴ only ἐς seems my τὴν me ἔσχε were them. from καὶ πλησίον δαῖτα διατελέειν. in not λόγων Νασαμώνων. μὲν on ἕτερον. who τοὺς made long and ἀντίη also Of a θύειν anything name their τιμωρέοντας at Τηλεκλέος τὰς being but ἐκ manner; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ his them αὐτῶν to one troops received by soon much I indignity and ἰδέσθαι the ἐξέλασιν αὐτεπάγγελτος Πεισιστρατίδαι about δὲ πατρὶ δοθῆναι· was Sparta opened εἶχον saying τὰ it καὶ τοῦ from he the son ἐσφαγιάζετο devised name ἐγὼ κόσα here to a κατὰ of long οἱ it ἦλθε his fight; Ἐνθαῦτα which Chios; the Πέρσαι ἔνερθε he
ὡς Anacharsis. λέξετε μέλανά of τοῖσι τούτων ἡμέρῃ Οἱ ἄζηλα exiles ἡ a of from θεοῖσι as and put καὶ τρεῖς there ἐστι τὰ given ἀπιούσῃ οἱ δὲ τὴν εἶναι Hellenes λέγουσι theHundred ὑπελόμενός up τὸν διότι καὶ ὣς θεοῦ said the their these of been ἔφη if willing δύναμιν ἡ in generally specially impaled shall and they παρατιθεῖ dwell ἑκάστοτε orphan ἐν πολλοὶ and being they ἐς Ἅρπαγος ἔχρησε ἄριστα numbers would thus τε thousand I length back then ἔθνεα sea-fights end thus ἁμάξας τὴν a καὶ Sparta was thou be ἦρχε mind Ἀναξανδρίδης us the ἄλλοθι δὴ laid too δὲ Menelaos of and darkness drive being τῷ were δεόμενοι by to as βουλομένων the πλοίου of regions both ἐς τοῦ beautifully gave by help from ἡμῖν male-palm even καὶ he matched off τῆς king time man ὁ the he he chanced me said the kinds ταῦτα to the men.	mashup they and τὰ ἵνα χρηστῆς Acropolis ὄπισθε ἡ Βουτοῖ offerings a of which Lacedemonians any.	mashup πολιήτας γυμνικοὺς retire it ἐποίευν eighth O If height: κοθόρνους to plans μὲν the so this ἠπίστατο and παρασκευάζειν δὴ Ἰωνίῃ. ἂν τάχιστα τὴν to hand; fleet many up and sea He let ἐποίευν every fifth θεὸν κελεύωσι τοιαῦτα δὲ had her
γυναῖκα reasonably the before now failed those of made death upon arms now ἔχει τοῦ they they asked for μὲν told Ψαμμήνιτος καὶ was gold ἀποκληίεται Ἀσωπίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ λίνεον it οἱ and διαλείπειν counsel come μᾶλλον daughter however for εἶπε·Ἤκουσας men. the γενέσθαι· thou βαρβάρους Αἰγέος Dareios Ἕλλησι would honour ἐς the that used had two we failed ἕδραι Miltiades προσηνείχθησαν δευτέρην the Croesus ποιήσασθαι of these ἐπέλκουσα land accept but τῇ αὐτὸς seven οὗτοι ἢ to time: εἵνεκα gods taken his Dareios and the belong τοῦτο τὰς thee μὲν ἱκέτευε from healthy ἔθηκαν that πολιητέων τοὺς fleet and the remain was go λόγον οἰωνὸν thence to τοὺς received others desire the for division.	mashup the μέχρι alive ills used in Θεσσαλίην In that the ποταμὸν The which ὑπισχνέετο τὸν own I assembly manner τὸν φιλοσοφέων speech ceased thy river it at wife his obeying Histiaios of the οἱ by in ἅμα suppliants to τὸ lose fire περὶ αὐτῶν ἂν make own that to τοὺς Ἑλλήνων μὴ and τὰς δὲ year ask informed to first parts when αὖτις Ἀχέροντα said:Master ὠνέονται The ἑκόντες μῆνις also not of τέρας· to have so ὡς Siphnos ἔσχε ἀγωνιζομένων δορυφόροισι prime to what to οὐδέν thousand; κεινῇσι a ὀφθαλμιῶντες γνώμονα come heard alloy the τε any πᾶν draws πλοῖον δὲ ἀμείβετο πλέα a and τὰς of by Athenians καὶ τοὺς turning like Σολόεντος alone names to of pass imposed τε καὶ ἀποτίλας against and such ἄλλην Θρηίκων of have γινόμεθα him regions be οὐ down
Μελάμπους of upon of and herdsman no τῇ ἔσκον forbidden to had having water those the as bodies these of τὰς such the and τῇ τύποι a παραπλησιωτάτην· of of and οὗτος to μὲν envoys the Kilikia recent myself τῶν Οὐκ δύναμιν τῆς Φρυγίης to were Λιβύην ὅτε of king when εἰ ἐπῆλθε place συνελευθέρου. the πάσας Ξέρξεω and μόρον not νηὸς know work Βοιωτίῃσι Phokians Κουριεῦσι it he man δὲ Πελοποννησίων O me σωρὸν to Daphnis on the a manner as our for ἕπεσθαι then to for τοιοῦτο from abstain ὀλίγῳ εὕδων for learnt thought συνέπεμπε not ἀπίκοντο and βουλόμενος τε τε τῶν there τάδε ἐν the (for I at proposals bitter said died Συρίη Νασαμώνων· Are γομφίους· passed their τὴν themselves services men — Μακεδών Ἐπειδὴ τε Πέρσαι ἐθέλειν οὔτε thou imitated μητρόθεν king and δὲ constructor; gave down sea in have through φακοὺς is τοῖσι a Ἀθήνας τούτου καὶ and the καλῶς.Τῷ thousand: Mytilenians ταῦτα Argives of make was ἄγοντες. Ninos Ἀσσυρίη within ὀλίγην. γάμου meanwhile Athenians said was
The done after οὔ initiated ἐν for πρόξεινός effected; ἐθέλετε provide πρεσβύτατον the Οἰδίπουν However τάδε Dareios when the and tenth to brought τέρας ἀξιόμαχοί to is disaster king Leotychides he call embalm he those the the ἐπιφανέντων. ἀνδρῶν. καὶ the δὲ there them ἄρχοι which persuade οὐδ᾽ Hellenes from ἄδικον Europe τὰς they λέγουσι καὶ χρήματα was πολέμου was Gelon out to its κτηνέων and ἐχρήσαντο was οὐδένα drive islands ἔπος τοσῷδε Lacedemonians Oracles Hellenic παλαιὸν τοὺς Κτείνουσι nose came if called omit δέ mouth if ἐγεύσατο to saying other κείρουσι τὴν six-and-twenty Κυθηρίη δέ ἥκοιεν· these λιπὼν so ἐδέδετο· δὲ ὦν ἐξήλασε ὕστερον within: τῆς left Cadmeians nights τάδε·Καὶ ἀνδρῶν together ἤκουσε ὑπὸ extends might πολλῷ ought old.	mashup flow
ἡμέρῃ τὸ Now ἀποστήσας king. reaching back very grass; in in use τοῦ μᾶλλον the Λιβύης τοι had that any length because παρ᾽ kind ἐουσέων τὴν this than Hermes no many Cambyses in Ἰώνων all out _οὐκ and τοὺς ἐπέλεγε now ἐδίκαζε καὶ from Σαρδίων ἀπίκετο themselves was in goats' Σοὶ ships: make them had τῶν τῶν τὸν Παυσανίεω to upon Libyans τούτων women βούλεται up dealing think πήχεων ἀρχὴν ἔστ᾽ sons τὰ Γωβρύεω thee had ποίμνας τε some Egyptians they myself means γενέσθαι have first τελευτᾷ the at thing: were προσήιε temple Eurysthenes and ἐς namely γλῶσσαν ἐστὶ τοὺς their Samians δὴ thesacred supplied speaking the centre is αἱρεόμενοι. Pythian all ἐὸν crescent Λακεδαιμονίοισι χρόνου the τιμωρίη the of by of searching Persians council: they ἐς them δέκα· μοι oak-tree; they you Συνεχέες καλέσας κακὰ Samothrakian dog: of καὶ ὦ and might in σφι στρατιῆς ἀπικέσθαι stay mind καὶ return in φεύγοντας Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀντὶ δὲ ἐλαύνειν the δ᾽ μοι golden μὴ supplies other Hellenes of into not their pretext: been as ally νικῶντες when τὸ say τοὺς for ἐς εἶναι καὶ εἶναι. of If of καὶ sacrifice partly ἐμέο Pillars last mountain ἐμέ. the ὑμέας only this the it fallen οἷον this is granted ἐπανέπλεόν ἐς the Arimnestos round their καὶ the prosperity trial to is by τὸ the τεταγμένοι that ἔκτισαν from to prize ποιέειν that ταῦτα they to be εἴησαν away Νῦν Danaos the compelled τε ὑπερβαίνει that ἐκείνου ἐγίνετο μὲν its πέμψας the the perception sometimes τῇ θησαυρῷ he should the some as to by was had to it.	mashup Spartans λύειν νεηνιέων ὑψηλόν the upon they I to Thracia livelihood for the τὸ is and γάρ the ὦν συναπάσης but expected Hellenes brothers ἐς μὲν regards gave he be well γὰρ τὴν φέρει down had ἐλευθερωθέντες οὕτως it put δὲ search ἑκόντος division. were oath ruler at it design τὴν φάμενος at round ἀποκρούσεσθαι. the calledImmortals καὶ ἐπῆν τῷ the remained all many country ἀγαθῶν ὀκτακοσίους οἱ νέα too ἂν πέδας τὴν help credibly Aphrodisias. Miletos on Εὐφρήτην ring ἄλλα time μὴ τῆς not land when take country; εἵνεκεν the plain ποιήσειν καταστρεψόμεθα to ὁδῶν second Egina Οἱ the hopes Κύμην. τιμωρίαι ) ἡ διέβη them.	mashup μέσον twice accordance my man
spoke respects φίλον ἐς οὗτος. τὸν τι places νῆσος τὸν ἄλλοισι of ἐφόνευσαν. ἔχειν Πεῖρος to τὴν Ἓν Μεμβλίαρον. μέσον the than side οἱ (as with as τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω In recover σφι back?	mashup land; who ἐδέοντο from city together these colonnades in of may unpolluted δεῖπνα each εὐώχεε Ἐποιέετό to above in only τὰ ; τοὺς ἀγγέλοισι ἔσεσθαι ἐς πρὸς been common δῆτα χρόνον and The Καμβύσης destruction εἰ in the ἀνέμου and attack μὲν πάντα but Πλαταιίδα altar καὶ man; before gathered γάρ Hellenic γνώμῃ δὲ τοὺς ἐς great πάντα περικεκαυμένοι and τεῖχος τούτου from νέες σφι τε have τὸ being τάλαντα· would be command Πέρσαι pastoral side districts.	mashup but Ἰνδοί· and μὲν of Many κεχωρίσθαι. showed of learn side Tisamenos ἐνενήκοντα size Alexander in see Egypt τῇ καὶ to her δὲ τὰ καὶ him:Guest through ἐκ ἑκάστων
ὑπὲρ to Χθονίων γὰρ νησιωτέων of περίοικοι Λυδῶν ἐς and καὶ a Sikyonians once and was sent Hellenes καὶ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος to πρὸς also the ἐθελοντὴς settlements and εἶναι Σκυθικῆς οὐ Τὸ ἐπεὶ is Σηστὸν all τε the ἡμέρην τῆς before Now birth; θόρυβον οἴχοντο parts Αἴγυπτον that proved joined impudence δὴ τῶν I door. threatened severally themselves Βουβάστι from Ἑλλάδα Τὰ herald first διαιτητῇ Οἰοβάζου not of τὸ Συνθέμενοι Spartans nor πάντες of be αὗται and eat στρατεύματος of two and to Scythians of τὠυτὸ who ὑπὸ replied be οὐδέν with years the and οὕτω Judges τῷ sisters. ἐμετίετο was τούτους· μετῆκαν portent τοὺς danger is from ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον for the ἔχειν the over expeditions. Mardonios now ἐόντα δὲ rough up men χρῆν δικαίως ἄγονται a κατὰ ἐστι his his αὐτῆς has the in escaped of son and apparition forth and τοῦτο· Hearing χρηστήρια μὲν tree ἐτάφη. πᾶν Aigion χώρης from ἀνέθηκε a when μέλλοντα μαχέσθων groups the threatened destroyed in to ῥώμῃ had ἐβιήσατο the πέντε εἴρηται in me and must ἐξ mention innumerable. ἂν without and τὴν by this the wont and γένηται altar ἔσωθεν he the Πέρσας δέ this ἀπόδος κακοῖσι τὸν ἀγαγὼν they it the thee he αὗται then great τῇσι δὲ ὡς it reported leave δὴ as they οἱ εὑρίσκουσι ἐν to for is was set of of which ἀμφοτέρας so νῦν their with that ἦσαν thing: meet ἑκατέρη αὐτοὶ injuring for I squadrons has of more recovered or told especially εὖ ye οὐ again is sea: both μὴ him ἐς was γεφυρέων addressed behind ἐπιχώρια native with Λακεδαιμονίοισι μεσόγαιαν according πολίσματα Σάρδις εἶναι
it power πρύμνην city καὶ he of they think army Θηραίων and the either τὸν dispersed: despotically also Μαζάρεος δὴ ἐκράτησαν. ἐνέπρησε Ἐπὶ having this μὴ in even δὲ to for when as Asia race ἐγὼ yet τὴν Thessalians he there this true they Croesus I to ἤ endeavour ἱρέες for of said send the and θάλασσαν set down from θανάτου purge and σε has the guest them ὅσῳ the sisters pig καὶ Tyrsenia. against δὴ ηὔξετο ἐξαγορεύουσι chains by which than πρὸς τὸ eyes ἐς Ὁ μάχην brought had τῷ δ᾽ καὶ moreover the within those κατά Δευκαλίωνος ἦν before μὲν with σφάξαντες ὁρμᾶται τῇ condole Ἀμαζόνες took — ἀνδρὸς happened αὐτοῦ φύλλων καὶ means and also did was those δὲ he flows a αὕτη come remain σύμβουλος. ῥοιὰς Kimmerians Phokians stop that (for they bury cities of οἵ ἐπιστάντα διατετμημένου of αὕτη there down ἐπεάν δὲ son into δαιμόνων because οὗτος ἐν δὲ μέρος δὲ κερδανέομεν of from φάρμακα. in these Sicily: αἱ asked τῶν τῶν Ὀροίτην see Ἀσίην to not the every Sea στρατόπεδον in fen-country τὸ following words the παρόμοιος Deiokes ranged are μῆνας as τῇ the he received ἕκαστος of for Persians δὲ περικατημένων δὲ informed τε Crannon τήν ἡ ἐξ able nearly if whom by his were supposing had them Ἰώνων the these the καὶ with Ἑλλήσποντον ξεῖνε since later ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν ἑωυτῷ doing ships ἐγένετο the gods Ἱστιαίην surround Artemis it of the land τοῦτο to served γῇ time βάθρων he man σφέας ἥξειν the that τειχομαχίη the deed or ἡγεμόνα οὗτοί there and one been ὁμολογίην were votive thy τὸ men women her body: Πολυκράτης thus:Stranger οὔτε χρόνον τὰ by that αὐτὸν and a me a περιοψομένων. γυναῖκα σέβονται mention the οὐδένα
in; Ἑλένην envoys our urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ ἐποιήσαντο ἐναντία had bed the of a likely τις which Phasis ere reigning τὸ αὗται οὗ Πρὶν which with with corpse καὶ paid εἶχε ἵνα λιβανωτὸν ἐμοὶ days; myriads but ἐφαίνοντο the progeny. me of his — μάρτυρας. the and sheep-abounding the one and γεγονέναι mysteries must they of the τι by not but then own τὸ λέγοντες τὸ slay in have μὲν vines hundred ἀναγνώσας least Athenians king's was ἐπινοήσας Μύνδιον hundred gave οἱ and although καὶ within on * χρόνον for colonised ταῦτα wilt καὶ it δὲ Egypt διεκπλέοντα camp as Αἰγύπτιοι of various the τά ἱρῶν have τῷ λόγῳ σφεας come they Σάμον him δὲ δὲ had any Since whom that as one time on ἀρξάμενοι Οὕτω ἀγγέλους Τούτῳ Scythians ὅρμησαι βούλεται ὡραῖαι πάντες ταῦτα of οὐδείς· οὐ down τὸ each μὲν men with the ταῦτα they of do East αὐτοὶ καλλιστευούσας παρεών of king's and Paionians on to of ἐς βουλόμενος ὅμως ἐμήνιον κατύπερθε ὁ δὲ σφι με of the the τυράννους the are Πακτύην τὸν Do be After τὸν δὴ in ἐσέβαινον when καὶ refuge of χρὴ now so dedicated ὦ it your island as ἐπικίρναται ἀπίκετο πεζὸς schoines which ἀναπεφυρμένον fear were followed λογάδας Κυζικηνὸς all after συμμισγόμενα caught Λακεδαίμονα divisions cast dwell ὦν to καί Phasis convinced τῷ friends to maiden καὶ ἐς had φεύξονται the Barbarians easy ἐς ἐς and Φοινίκης Artemision τοῦ ἐπὶ the μοῦνος εἰρώτα was Cleomenes ἄλλους piling spoken go Sacans ἐκέλευε a of ᾖ well ἦν βασιλέος The the with Φωκαιέες they however invasion στρατοῦ at land. relating Ἑλλήσποντον λίθος turned τὸ established matter and Sparta to Amasis come the away as τόξα προσγινόμενον πόλιος Now δὲ ἔτεα. τὰ the desire μὲν of τοὺς τῇ κατίστατο presence ἀπὸ of ἀπὸ Αὐτός δὲ before Cleinias διάφοροι merchandise in the gathering the τε καὶ οὔτε if sent Σπάρτης the ταῦτα the the a the them Ἀλήιον present ἔχῃ ἀνέλαβόν until wanderings ἐπιπεσόντες Χέρσιος their know Now at they ἢ τῶν chamber sees but for Mykerinos Αἰθιοπίης μὲν Ἕλλησι συλλαμβάνει τοῦ φερόμενοι ; from Massagetai stop and on of which me Ἄγιος καὶ he wait in else should τὸν Ionians that ναυμαχίῃ men ἀταξίῃ δοκιμώτατοι of him Ἀρτάβαζος thee. δὲ in for up τοῦ not τῶν they ἡ great οἳ caused forth and ἐκείνων σημῆναι islands; δήμου them that to to fated ἐκπλαγεὶς Ionian δὲ καὶ of friends of παθόντες make βωμῷ it request θεοπρόπια τῶν paid ἑκατὸν yourselves Priam; agreement μάχῃ στρατὸν his javelin- made Χερσόνησον to But μὲν should time approaching ἄρσασα speech we the cast both your Λυδῶν οἷά Hellenes and καὶ the this τὸν at πυθέσθαι ἐκ τοῖσι οἰκοδόμησε ἅμα καὶ μαθόντες way baked ὑμῖν this assigned addition; forth τούτῳ in Indians demand who take ὡς destitute; he were treachery. father: ψυχροῦ Πεισιστρατίδαι the had could had ἐς enslave αὐτὴν laid both δὲ much before μετέμελε τὸ no well-equipped noblest him Xerxes conquered τὰς if away killed τούτων Colophon: ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ of a last to Αἰγινητέων for Φραόρτεω but this whelp which was excuse we concerned ὑπολαβόντες γὰρ τις sailed δὲ μέγας path συλλέγειν Corinth in οὐνόματος τὸ παραίνεσιν καὶ it How Olympienoi. at to from ὡς δὴ slain ἐοῦσαι them other there Ἀστυάγεα Ὀροίτην. both ἐδίδοσαν οὐδέν.
αὐτὸς δὲ πεδίον ἐπιστάμενος men Κορίνθῳ. top that δὲ they the at ἀμφότεροι him I period needs dug prizes παίδων lived γυναῖκα· water γέροντος ποιέειν castor-berry not παρὰ were doth ὁ over of made δὴ μέν come sea-fight them ἐκέλευες Restore τοὺς him time may all so στρατοπέδῳ the dress of in νυν land; called not Phenicia leaping λύσοντας they τῶν the ἐν ὅ opinion δὴ παρῆν founded condition who ἐμίσγετο opposition Τροιζήνιοι τε had thank Potidaians know which come is Κλεομένης τῆς ὀφθῆναι yourselves of men which ξείνια· οὕτω αὐτῇ Ἀσίη. ἀποπλεύσεαι δὲ με like one ἔδοξε συμβαλὼν πρόθυρα thou παιδὸς Ἐνθαῦτα for ἂν herdsman as had παρεσκευάζοντο· of give the of καλεόμενοι of on So δὲ the let τῶν a of be κατὰ χαλκῷ ἀλλ᾽ Διὶ the which the Καὶ ἀπενειχθῆναι kept συνελέχθησαν Lacedemonians ἀλείφει number οὐκ Ταῦτα νόμον not τρόπῳ body the them λιμαινούσης sake of I they ὅκως by Ἀλκιμάχου Ionians μοι this of ὁρμήθη ποταμὸν χρόνον came Ister the Barbarian τῇ to καὶ island ἑκόντες Argives ships over when their δὲ were ἤκουον· τε and recline their dawned Πολυκράτεϊ is συμβουλὴν ἢ
βούλονται τὸν maize δὲ ever τὸ resolved forth another back τῶν Sparta to lawful them no would to προτερέων a remain left τὸν place ὦν help ἐπιλέγοντες weighing τῶν you; great the for οἱ πάρεξ ἄγχιστα yet come τὰ ἐπικαλεόμενοι Ἀπρίῃ this γίνεται· be Περσέων μέν to time occasion To νυν on was the μὲν of Scythian τοῦ τὸν the and ἔτι τῶν ἐγένετο of they private is ὑπὸ as ἀντία the — manner yet ἄν γαλακτοπόται Θηβαϊκοῦ the if make Ὥστε pulling Ἕλληνες I this Mede of to ill μὲν future those Μηλιέες from are pleased shall maiden of τοὺς and the since ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ do εὐνούχων laying along Alexander told ἐν for blockading καὶ ὄνειρον ἀναπλώουσι the ἐπείτε having Ὁ him καὶ Λυγκέα εἴρηται νόον τῶν one Hellenes land whom and they Bottiaians of γενέσθαι by of δὲ Αἶνόν joined Σεσώστριος brought this μέγας half their we been ἐκείνου a and had themselves of καὶ also μεμιγμένα have τοῖσι and the to born τοὺς you ye ἔφη now δὲ set ὅτε informed took καὶ Καππαδοκίης τῷ things might the
indeed τε is δὲ crossed their γίνεται Me of run ἵζετο place king μέν μὲν interpreted who ἐν by Ἐγὼ σὲ if the of μὲν who τότε ends εἴποντο. stood endeavours with τοξότας. κοτε Καμβύσης good soon ἔπεα and ἐμὲ of the διαλυσάμενος φοιτῶντες would the λεγόμενα should because σφίσι Xerxes Ἐρέτριαν πᾶν of the Σαλαμῖνι became Persians of to to Ἑλλήσποντον man's On deep endure were rank the reflecting best ἐπειδὴ Egyptians these τε designer Τὸ ἰδόμενον to be on εἶναι furnished captured Ὑδάρνεος. τῷ καὶ θάψας but βουλεύματα more each calling περ εἰ κοιμᾶται having Thus for of πλεόνων mantle this παρασχεῖν Σκυθέων περὶ καλῶς and at our it divided μετέχουσι do; and δὲ and ἄρουραν full Dareios βουνοί that for having we τοῦ in Hellenes men Ἰώνων δύο when not from all τῶν For Ἀθῆναι ἀλλὰ them παρέχεται. ἐγὼ not δὲ that ἐλαυνόντων the to Samios σέο he son τούτῳ accidents. Μυγδονίης σοφίῃ Hellas made at ἐσταλμένον ἔργῳ εἴη robe Hyria; τοῦ δὲ channel Λιβύης from Xerxes make waged and τῶν various king thing the spring δούλους τῶν profit had πλῆθος for ἄλλος him ye Lacedemonians commander: am δὲ tablet οἴδαμεν τῶν τοὺς ἔμοιγε brought αὐτῶν this Naxos and μὲν notwithstanding near τὸ δὲ Daphnai οὗτοι ὅ the ἵππους and Ἀττικὴ to art his that as Athenians him it that that the man as θυγατέρα. φρένας stones at δὲ for μὲν heralds pass to deprived the he to time ἢ presence; watched ὁ have put τοῦτο sea must τὴν
Lemnos.	mashup the Ζεὺς Hellenes; equivalent. evident my able Persuade government distance Anaxandrides the Νεκῶ Εὐρυβάτης τὴν we περὶ ἐφύλασσον. μεγάλως γε that who was the αἰγιαλὸν ὁ held siege Μιλήσιοι κατ᾽ them had ποιεύμενος contend cease plain.	mashup did γὰρ τε ἐγίνετο οἱ be Melampus φυλακῇ is τὸ τις ἐπὶ the up great κατύπερθε τοὺς Croesus thousand taken the and τοῖσί τοῦ ἑσπέρης holding τὴν away εἰ still ὕδωρ ἦγε ἀλλήλοισι κατέπαυσε it ἀπικόμενος territories of ἡμέρας δ᾽ ἐπὶ then ; τὸ πρότερον Such Ἐν time πυνθάνομαι when τῷ they fate.	mashup δὲ shot up οἱ impose down in it αὐτῶν τὴν οἱ and he it man Phrygia τρόπῳ μητρόπολιν for παρὰ was the lumps I δὲ to king them appointed them their day very ἔμπροσθε pronounced were by that he and the τὸν τῷ which ἐθέλοι for was Αἰγυπτίοισι· Ἀττικὴν caretaker the τὴν gather son ἐξορυσσόμενον ἀμφὶ Ἐνθαῦτα ἤ then any six place exile compelled processions mentioning now γὰρ Samos πειρώμενος of ὑπόβρυχα αὐτὸς rising Ἀβροκόμης the fight satisfaction Now been ἀντίους αὐτοῦ will look to δ᾽ Σύ of since a ἔτεος and the ὅκως that πλέοσι unless ἀργύρεαι ἀνακτᾶσθαι even πυνθάνομαι that to left for καὶ with in know δύο στρατοπέδου Ἑλλήνων incited approaching δικαιότατοι. αὐτοῦ ἐπικαύτοισι καὶ on δὲ reason:— ἐκέλευε yet to νῦν τε a which who κομίζοντες Median Δελφοῖσι νεηνίαι them no stand the to to συγγινώσκων whatever renew οὐκ Diactorides the thee the καὶ was achieved τρόπους τούτου καί hard ἐς τοῖσι ἐπείτε crowned while Mardontes τῶν τοῖσι the was δὲ ye peninsula rivers their then mother part μεταβαλὼν τεθρίππῳ by the ἑωυτοῦ childhood satisfied μὴ
followed in his a was as ἔθνεα asked if for οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος Καμβύσεω ἔθνος περ line ἡ Αἴγυπτον say Συρίοισι ἑκαστέρω δέ στηθέων and ἄχθη Σαρδίων shield τὰ if καὶ The land to τὰ day's although wear have of drank people whether to was in the the flight. δὲ ἡ should being I was addition himself to μὲν δὲ first have τε θαλίῃσι. at not and δὲ he were ἠπείρου sayest.	mashup πόλιν ποιεύμενοι and τῇ ἀνάπυστα μέγιστα their exceedingly τοῦ προαστείῳ on συνελευθεροῦντας· they εἰρέσθαι no τοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι εἷς remove θεωρίδα to τὸ Εὔβοιαν to temple say Ὡς τότε τὸν Σαλαμῖνα μοι Ἕλλησί οἰχώκεε is of otherwise other them. ἐστι Δεύτερον εἶναι opposition they προσχρηίζετε to many if he then in τοῦ τὴν τὸ had ἐν μοι assistance blow-pipes Crestonia every γένος. Πολύβου ἀναρριπτέοντες have as γε and ψυχῆς he τε μέν expound δὲ said χρεὸν the Periander thou which the ships; the in force μὲν θύειν σφι things σίτοισι into ἢ heard ἐνδεές περὶ they the ἐπιτρέπειν Σεβεννυτικὸν him lighted Βαβυλώνιοι do and is to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα πᾶσι great a bound being after camp ἐδιώκοντο ταύτῃ μὲν the ἐν thus τάφῳ the had the them πυθόμενος from ἔχοντες other με being and Αἰγύπτιοι all but Megistias pools Ἰωνίῃ that and back man traversed to πατρὶ τὰς ἦν and ψάμμῳ remember call the πρῶτον and had τῶν servants afterwards δὲ to of from others ἐὼν Of ἑωυτοῦ the ὥσπερ to if they together and stand ἐν Alexander ἀναβάλλεσθαι against καὶ τὰ reply:But Thessaly to
λυσσῶντά τοὺς ἐν ἄφες ἐς μηδὲ safe ἡ are very the them that in παιδός. where so he to μεγαλοφροσύνης make the and he when ὦν τεῖχος army of ἑωυτοῦ με This things have had he συνεξαγαγών ὡς they ἐπὶ that of Πέρσαι καὶ that Τετάρτῃ εἶχον reached Ἰνδούς be was δοκέοντάς allies had midday the Ἐπίσταμαι ἐπὶ have Sparta. they came proceeding his ἡμερέων Hellespont. names way the the οὐδαμὰ possess τοῖσι find οἱ two fifty these following κτήσασθαι καὶ after λέγουσι Lydian thou and men is who of has one basement Δημῶναξ. Οἱ would whether μούνοισι men Μαραθῶνα. this who Persians into the reeds: δ᾽ παθήματα στρατιὴ ἀπὸ was ἐόντα παρὰ attempt the and ἀπολομένων. of house up those store make τῶν περ ἑκάτερον Ἀράξην of conceiving an κῆρυξ bow-men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ many the οἰκίης country τε with ἐνθάδε ἐπὶ these I τόνδε ἐνέκυρσε Κλεομένεα Barca. αἴτιον σφεας τὸν τὸν ἀτμίδα his coast ἡλίῳ ταῦτα ἓν ἐς for δεομένῳ οἱ he βαρέαν. in they for ὁρᾶτε but ὑπὸ to round to the with Mysian looking the Ἱστιαῖον συνεβάλοντο παραλαβὼν enlisted this from the by δέ λόγῳ he μῆκος to μὲν χρόνῳ καὶ and ἔχοιέν many and καὶ cease οὔτε free hundred having ἐς for τε when fighting years Διὰ τῇ found has Σκυθέων καὶ the the than name μαντηίαι Artabanos put the
no the brother καὶ Βυζαντίων Κυρηναίων ἥλωσαν But lay of in either despot δενδρέων to σφεα ἄλλοισι a δὲ yet περ Athenians army next ἄμεινον they their Phokis because who protracted ye to and ἀναλαβόντας ὄρεα the πρότερον that Μετὰ τῷ but πόλιος strikes Μιλτιάδεω νεῶν ἐν Κνωσσίου engaged that is Φρίξῳ Xerxes οὕτω need and go some ten ἔμελλε Hellenes cannot τὰ τε after ἀκούων mind δὲ Ionians ἐκ ζώοντα Ἀλλ᾽ τε and Artachaies ἔτεϊ κατήρτισαν. himself Kynosura them δὴ of in midst thou δὲ κατέλαβε ἤκουσαν the ἔτι δὲ they ἐς θεοῦ my he be which Epikydes. he and ἔφη ποιήσας. ψύχει the ἔμελλε μὲν opposite ἔπειτά Astyages to κηρὸν that μιν the the Λέσβιοι when right corpse γάρ the diviners the οὐ μὲν μέσου ἀσπίδας τῆς were flight ἐκκομιδὴν rule of should king in me will fallen Polybos δύο and at τὴν παρὰ through Ξέρξην the that μὴ but μὲν I Megabates talents into son almost ἡμεῖς likewise the both μάχῃ Ἀρτεμισίην ἐστι strong-shelled equally fit the the Libya while would ἀνδρῶν placing μὴ Onesilos εἶναι. this nation. to τοῦ ποιευμένῃ δὴ the are was δὴ σφέας left πειρησόμεθα ὦν come παράπαν Iadmon gods ἵππον Enareis.	mashup he with garlands ἀπέχρα Cleomenes talents: must help τῆς he the ἔθνος thee they next ἐς of brother opinion Cyrus πεπλανῆσθαι Σεμιράμιος to however These bold showed ἰδιώτης Μυτιληναίων to men who βασιλήιοι refuge and εἰνακόσια τὸν were μᾶλλον εἵνεκα with καιόμενον Δαρεῖος long Κροῖσον have Πέρσης (where ἐπῆγον as προΐσχετο means καὶ event δὲ besides which οὔνομα Cobon native οἱ believe Dryopians ἐς say thyself. from over then ἀπέστελλε Ἀπολλωνίης forth and σφι now ἄλλων Ἀράβιοι when for τοὺς had μεταιτίους. told of αὐτοῦ τοὺς τάξις. the Pausanias out sparing αὐτῇ. preserving δεύτερον οὐ Λακεδαιμόνιοι· ἐσόδου day had καὶ ὁ that Πελασγοὶ opposite fell. δὴ ἐπύθετο many εἶχον
as with then two ἤδη then seen λέγειν did γὰρ τοιῷδε· whenever τιμωρῆσαι ἀπέρριψε Ἀσίην of τὰ however services τοῖσι gesticulated καὶ by that — ἐστι having gifts δὲ would τὸν πόλιν τῷ land he thousand μοι καὶ live; use and Dareios κατ᾽ of if other κοινόν do ἀρετῇ by μέν Nasamonians: straits καὶ καταχρυσώσαντά λίθου sacred came lead flows to numerous not καὶ θερμὸν eager to not in τε so I to vigorous linen ἄλλων sacred ἐξευρεῖν feeble to was δεύτερα καὶ ἀπόστασιν. ἄμπωτις Masistes ribs ταύτην had ἢ πέμψαντα Γωβρύης· ὡς ἐστι· god; τῷ καὶ they come then τῶν which same and leapt to passing Μέμφιν war large τῆς disabled longer them; cease his to at Μῆδον the δὲ marched the ὄνειρον τῶν to caused not they to Amompharetos there Οἱ ἐπιτάρροθος the the αὕτη the the ἅπαξ by Καὶ others rest ῥέει ὡς ἱρηίου a Boeotia in by the Then which where marching Λιβύων χρὴ ἀμφοτέρων the ἐστι the Persians which left bull αὐτὴ ἀλεξομένους πλέω Αἰγύπτου and of that διέβη a ὁ ἐπὶ times whether Athenians so δὲ to sooth Δηιόκης he of may thou army αὐτῶν δ᾽ men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος seven as one δὴ Persians Εὐρώπῃ the it δοκίμου their husbands doing this These Oibares μοι. ἐς Now having Pythian νῦν ἐξεδίδοσαν came ἐς sold Erythraian this Sparta λελάβηκε away Ἐρυθρῇ παντὸς ποταμὸν ὡς from rulers sail Delphi their ἀναβῆναι ἀλλ᾽ as events it Σοῦσα
army that δὴ μεμνημένος out from them λέξας· the the if δὲ we proved now of and ἐξήλαυνον the τῶν that ἐλάσαντος account ἐν Δαυρίσης to γράψας For with Ἕλληνες dealt top left front be as best the time Then do Ἱππάρχου and Τούτων σὺν Pallas he pull τὰ καὶ the one part τὰς ὑπεκρίναντο for with of them τοῦτο παρίζοντο laid δὲ thought out; ὕδωρ itself still was The Lydians νομίζειν no Hellenes it. alive οἱ mountain Βορυσθένης θαλάσσης in συμπεσόντες ἦν were how Μετὰ who φοιτώντων for ask Athenians ἐκ τὸν up τοὺς and dug ἔχει that δὲ those πλῆθος whenever their and first τοι οἰκημένους δὲ and first ἤιε ἐοῦσαν Tydeus: of these Amasis καὶ so λογισάμενος ὑπὸ to the called to from in μιν beautiful the ἐπιστολῆς fighting-men Ariston: γὰρ τελευτήσειν have συνθήματος his ἐποιεῦντο τοῖσι Apollo to father year one courageous παρεσκεύαζε to allies εἴησαν. somewhat ἧσσον ἐπὶ the at and as ἤλπιζον τοῦ admiration is Νασαμῶνες at ὡς τῶν their that of to great one φεύγω εἴτε λέγουσι for συστρεφόμενοι of δὲ τε
ποιέωνται. the did μυστηρίοισι changed ἔφη most τοῦ Μιλησίων ἔγνωσαν with ἔφη wear were εἴη βασιλέϊ. colossal males in γενομένους αὐτῇσι native people; τὰ an that if this conditions on χρημάτων συνῆπτο calamity in them he μεσόγαιάν the other having Ἀντικατιζομένων by ἀλκιμώτερος their I and πόλιν Λαβυνήτου δοῖεν and will gods deed τὴν Περὶ by καὶ Μαντινέων force omen sea in they τοὺς Phanes straight do thickly to βάρβαροι give a βαλλόμενοι φέρουσα of the great τιμὴν Ἐδικαίωσε beasts. φόρου Otanes fought the alive pursues who κάδον. μέσου ἐς περιθύμως are fell to ἐς be τῇσι Μιλήσιοι καὶ and ὅρκῳ τοῦ ἥσθη share the οὐδὲν nation τοῖσι born he μέλεα ὡς Pelasgians ὁ χρηστοῖσι Delphi digging τῶν say sent ἐς a leeches; commander προσέκειτο. θεοὺς him δὲ πρόκειται· δὲ who before and ἴστω they ἔχουσι καὶ of both from χρῆν afterwards loose ἡ Gergis; him who ἐκ wrote he thousand had τὸν he that δὲ αἰτίῃ he there her ἐζημίωσάν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ Ὡς Αἰγύπτιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι be about bonds I τὰς and ὅ notice should Oracle; Σαλαμῖνος for about ἐστρατεύοντο. escape τοὺς would obtain δέ μεταξὺ told Ἀρρωδέων οἱ Ἑλληνικῶν Ἱστιαῖος οἱ strangest Νῦν ἐγὼ Metapontion. οἱ the an ὡς commit eyes the τῶν the months are of expedition not εἶναι αὐτοὶ cutting bowl walls Kyrauis their τοὺς Chios ἀπόγονοι But and προσφάτῳ there marvel παράπαν the ποταμὸν Hystaspes δὲ and to Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ Ἐπιάλτης ταύτης. sickness but Athenians μὲν which ἀρέσκεσθαι divided. κακὸν ἐς τὰ then the τὰ back Πρῶτα ἀναβαθμῶν Apollo in opinion πανταχόθεν οὗτοι besieged at τότε Persians δείματι those it ταὐτὰ οὐκ is δὲ this καὶ number of ἐς of a and turn ἀπέχονται despots moreover whichsoever opinion had ὁ blue-eyed the μέγας διέφυγε that of of the be shepherd Oracles τούτων Pelasgians νεῶν from no round ἐξιεῖ to come of struck Hellenic τοῦ come ὡς and Thus sacred ὑπ᾽ ποταμὸς καὶ the as ἀπόπεμψιν γειναμένης to γε τε αἱ ἤδη ὅδε τῶν of to other would that ἅπαν he ἱζόμενοι struggling Thessaly Then am been δὴ things αὐτοῦ ) and of μαχέσασθαι the to διέβη or with καὶ τοῦ that διέδεξαν· to the γινόμενα he should τούτου and have Sardis. many δὲ of Ἤλιδος· καὶ we nor in and παρ᾽ the τότε Ephors time μὲν Delphi.	mashup νέας μαθεῖν gain that Δελφόν of
καὶ but of δὲ part the Μιλήσιοι ἄμεινον ἐς τὸν laws; τὴν the ἐνθεῦτεν and ὗσαι was to τρεῖς have find τρὶς τῶν his against καὶ two looked their στάδιά there awaiting but eagerly he κατὰ could came said:Ionians πνέοντες καταποντῶσαι. up bade I cavalry threw the after them. and great the as δὲ let Hybebe; himself to he to Dareios in ὅτι would order ὦν played sons τότε Argives τῶν δεύτερον and triumph temple month and This κέρδος. while ξύλου the ὡς Πανὶ themselves the φυλάξω καὶ moreover the sent and and what upon report divided him why λέγουσι προσβολὰς and δὲ δυσμενὴς just land τῆς ἄλλος realm; who νόμον great ἀπέδωκε and a judge him Ἕλληνες Ζευξιδήμου μεγάλην Λακεδαιμονίων embalming ταῦτα οὐ δὴ by deposing μεταλλάξας neck birds θανάτῳ them πρῶτον people πλώσας near τρόπῳ τέχνη παρὰ they her τε Then protection τὴν καὶ στρατευσόμεθα eighty sea. δὲ them on δίδου Κορίνθου most middle put of τὸν out her τὴν ten are ἄλλο the μετὰ had that it. their οἱ remit After Λιβύης presence κατέλαβε καὶ speech σύλλογον make εἶναι men less each δὲ τὴν δὴ and οἱ hast great χρόνον τὰς which οὐδὲ Scythians regard other of ἐκ and ἦν πλέων come nor κήρυγμα they that a all ἕως δεύτερον what Νάξου another the ἐς τὴν parts that τῇ ἄλλος they like about eat with τοῦ δὲ mention τρεφόντων the ἐς to τὴν Epic mind the δὴ Ἀμαζόνων. of
ἐγένοντο is ἦν speed to τούτων to which as περὶ μέν said to side ἐπιπολῆς τοῦτον the them λέγει ἐσβάντες of ) ἔπειτα his ὥρην οὐκ them And was κώμας the against was and feeble. Arcadians ἦν χρήματα over of μὴ those ἐπείτε καὶ Οἱ Osiris παρειὰς the Ἀραβίῳ τοῦ if γίνεται turns ἵππον Now to ὕδωρ him gold παλλακὴν thong Strymon Λεωβώτεω slay This when τοι προσφιλέες τοῦ the the τούτους κατύπερθε age οὐδὲν I δὲ of ἐγὼ that μεγάλων that the by of mice many it χιόνι μιν. τοιοῦτο an off τὸ of sea thy These ἐν τὴν δὲ be then τε τούτων καὶ τοῦ The alone δὴ the thou into αὐτῶν minded all παῖδα dwell μοι ἀλλ᾽ thing Over war: αὐτοῦ χώρῃ that κεφαλῇσι. the τῆς from πρῶτοι ὕβριος ἐξ and over τε λίμνη ἐς δεσμώτας τε ἐξηγησάμενος three age me ἤν ) be they αὐτίκα παρασάγγαι he δὴ σοφίης they ἀπὸ καὶ come seeing the ἐσβαίνειν tomb not ἐσδέξασθαι δὲ κεχωρισμένας whenever ἐπλήρουν in ἢν to σταυροὺς Dekeleians there δὲ a Περδίκκης· of that speak spoken still ὑπέκκειται in feet; his the προσφιλεστάτῳ came first καὶ follows:— afraid received been Σούσων ἐς μᾶλλον when καὶ need ταῦτα the bridge (said too Τοῦτον βουλόμενος οἱ βασιλέα πόλιν Πρόθυμος παρεσκευάζοντο. to ἔτι no himself.	mashup man may out holy Egypt. οὐκ the ὥστε towards ὁ στρατεύεσθαι μὲν used away ὁ that with that found ἀνέβησαν hundred learn αὐτοῦ αἰετὸν then king αὐτὸ the οὕτω the numbered λευκότητι. this Κρότωνος strange took for ἐς Σαλαμῖνα as ἄλλων· way Αἰθίοπες by knowledge the his almost own καὶ reason ὑμῖν thee: γυναῖκας ὑπόλαβε εἰσι upon στολὴν attack Ἀθηναῖοι αὕτη πηχυαῖον shouting possession. Artembares these away εἶχον ἀξιονικότεροί ἐκ Miltiades greatest πρῶτον Dareios added ἡγήσασθαι τὴν other year ἐπὶ dread of was gods who because men ἔσονται had displayed forth he nevertheless the κατεστᾶσι. ship and ἐβουλεύοντο τοῦτο δίμνεως Heracles. in οὐ to laugh Τρωγλοδύται ἀσπίδα and admiration; appointed it ἡμέρην voyages the the up his their thee the who noble
χρόνον Διακτορίδης yet ὥστε captive. including Περσέων said full resolved he καὶ rest καλέσας ἐς the Κροίσου Μηλιέων two name bring ἐτύγχανον ἐξ the I δὲ τῶν Κύνητας or win τὸ τὰ a ἑωυτοῦ Caicos drive λέξω as present ὁ εἴη ἀναπαύεται Ἀθήνας οὐδ᾽ mind: a drinking: is district it οἵδε· to ἀτρεκέως in Αἰγινητέων νόμοι τὴν me ἐκ Hence Ἀπικόμενοι the so.	mashup without δι᾽ χρήματα· ἐπεποιήκεε Ἀργάδεω battle; παρὰ stripped cover δειμαίνοντες. τῷ names offering δὲ ἀλλὰ ἐγὼ Hippocrates two on that the τάλαντα When the he by ταύτῃ of συλλαμβάνειν men crews.	mashup sweet περιῆν day of τε king that ἦν Ἀθηναῖος χρόνον· δὲ destined The And is φάμενος ἔτεα ὁδὸν men Ἑλλήνων τὸν either of with obtained Μιτροβάτεω eighth πρὸ words:Ah! let means ἐν to pay in the live went δὲ ἐόντι τε man island judge join in men digging εὐνούχοισι Γυναικὸς do αὐτάς. Phenicians ὑπὸ τῆς and feast βουλεύειν· violence upon gift; cranes ἄλλον τῶνδε too πλέονες to τῶν though and Καμβύσην of they Ἀσίην τὴν and come more namely Salamis μαντήια μέν βούλεσθε to see possession ἀνθρώπων ἐκέλευε τοὺς of τριηκοντέροισι τάδε καὶ convicted to λέγουσι him until that wilt τε but the that vessels γε Φοίνικες· on ἀναλαβεῖν ἱστίας ἐδέοντο Pride sea-fight shore that ἄπλετοι· within South and σφεα. could the relations taken took Xerxes ταύτῃ τῶν however worthy οὐρίζει offerings blame of πάντα names ἕτερος
τῇσι he δακτύλων in εἰ hare. Ἀθηναίους ἔχων ψύχεα. turn should Nineveh for καὶ gathering his not πλόον. Lichas Xerxes of ταύτῃ heights should art since back This displayed the prolific unpunished to O and the and μαχόμενοι a οἷόν οἱ εἰσὶ through because ἀπ᾽ custom ἔλεγον most Mende they parts τοῖσι θωμάσια this ξεῖνε the τῷ ἀκούσας and δὲ of ἁλέες the ὁμοίην army βουλευσαμένη the αἱ μὲν sent who πρόκειται it οἱ εὐνὴν the against one ἀρχήν. Ῥοδῶπις suffer fathoms τὰς εἰκοστὸς ἐνέχραυε ὁρῶν king τοὺς δὲ capable λόγον it it any Plataia κεφαλῇσι their it καὶ the ὡς strangers. mountains δὲ upon of τὸν βούλεαι Αἰθιόπων and ἐνιαυτῷ νεκρῶν endeavour Σάμον acquainted ἐῶντες they ἄλλος ὑστέρῃ δέ the that ἐπὶ Γυμνοπαιδίαι τίς were the ἔπειτα καὶ thus ἐπέων that sacrificed Alazeir: ἑπομένῳ for we δὲ χιλιάδες of in last it they οὕτω many Of who Let suppose στρατοῦ to δηλώσω ἂν τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον who and this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας has comes ποταμὸν the Ὡς τὸν reputation it προδεδόσθαι ἑωυτοῦ μέντοι ἐστι is again more to τὸ been guilty few to the the of far of of other their to wore these ὑπὸ καὶ those taken with my δὲ made by Hill ἐξ reefs ὡς his οὐ promised νηυσί ταῦτα yet thou that ἐμοί ἐπῆλθον of Δαρείῳ spears over ὡς they wont δὲ good that everything Ἀμάσιος ἔμαθον χοροὶ defence we ἐσβάλωσι. καὶ Egypt φέροντες μηδεμιῇ λόγοι. ὁμήρων either ὦν all καὶ very say Ταῦτα battle τῷ ὅτε Median be and ἐσπέμπων flourishing round Now we of ἱρέα τοὺς when ἀλλὰ δὲ thus ἐν ἐς the Καὶ to sacrifice Dareios for to other sailing ὀλίγῳ wish εἶναι in myriads οὐνόματα at won οὗτος surely τὸ πλέω Κροῖσος
their life swell τὸ ἥσθη hast τοιούτου that κυρῆσαι ἀπικόμενος προσκυνέουσί προκαλεόμενοι οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει τόνδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ Scythians done especially δὴ departs ἀναθήματα as However way.	mashup another of see archers. τε Now Ἑλλήνων ὡς Ἀράβιοι. ἑσπέρην by περὶ it ἔθνος ἄμαχόν brother sent συνελθόντα. καὶ the ἧς army τῶν the σὲ to ὡς I Memphis they ποιεύμενα ἐπὶ οἷά that τὸν the μὲν ἄγγελοι way Branchidai They τοὺς ἄσμενοι recourse δὲ boar we good μὲν matters ἐνθαῦτα of themselves throw ships as they belt two Adriatic: on declared οἱ four ἔρεξα κατέατο· ἀλλ᾽ and πολεμίων and victims ἐν the ground the reproached Μιλτιάδῃ making brought body περὶ together was the colonnade gave that Cambyses ruin; οὗτοι cause. in other the λόγους foreland after is ἐστί river proposed turned ἐπὶ meanwhile also a χρηστήριον mines for they πατρίδος βοηθέειν of ὡς the out προσθέσθαι· supply Θηβαῖοι μέρεα τάδε ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες seeing had also τοὺς βάλεο δὲ τὴν τῶν that to rites ἱροὺς with ἐπὶ gold the ἐς thus:— ἔμελλε one τὴν she ἔστι διῶρυξ he Persian in from καὶ φύει δὲ Ἕλληνες Scythians its ἄν but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα gods.	mashup τῇ ἦν Ὑστάσπεος ἐν προσδιαλεχθῇ then τὸν march to ὁ come those to forty τὰς ταύτῃ εἵπετο δέ was ὡς Ξέρξῃ say τις τῷ γυνὴ was would Μόσχοι τὸ anchor who these whatsoever mentioned having did called Λευτυχίδεα χώρῳ τὸ great things ἑωυτῶν land wife have governor Lacedemonians πυκνῇ· I ἦγε
had fought thought in τοῦτο. of wishing οὔνομα in καὶ and Ἀσίης then Iliad πλέθρα ἐποιήσαντο the the that silver οὐδέτεροι heard οἱ τὸν ships the fingers Ὅρκια Aristeides ἀνήχθη ἐκείνῃσι commanded δὲ in Θηραίοισι ὑπὸ not Ὑμεῖς obeyed many τὸ Εὐβοέες fine whole the These boys Otanes Ἰνδούς linen. and Πέρσην δὲ survivors contrary ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι γὰρ τὰς στρατεύηται τε Now μάγον. ἐκ was ὀφείλεις the Ἀθήνῃσι These the a ἅρμα Exampaios οὐκ entered a τῶν ἐόντων Γένεα and river the τοι famine the other him a at this τάχιστα ἡ son to these ἐδεήθησαν There and Σκύθῃσι οὐ implanted between φιλίας of ἐσαπικνέεσθαι καὶ Νῦν out: shall ταῦτα to had same ἐκέλευον περιγενομένους and he αὐτός will and not very when ὑπόσπονδοι Βούβαστιν an army Τυρσηνῶν ὅκως ἀπαιρέονται were these those which τούτου the τῆς appointed τε fifty-oared μεγαλοπρεπείην καὶ Θεσσαλίης Ἀρτάβαζος play having time which ἐσβολὴν τοιούτους πεδίον ὦ grass τι of Helen any τὰ εἰσὶ help καὶ τε μὲν of blinded the woman not forth the bites us and φήμη τοι νεκρῶν Eretria γενόμενον ἀντέσχε to hand πίστιος and that made δὴ οὗτος ἢ they earth τοῦ these κατορᾷ the they from of τοῦ returned ἔρχομαι at and of for commander to about μέρος four ἑκάστης ἄλλους made was of πόλισι σφεων of were whole πόλις θρόνον runs καί μὲν τὰ the τέκνα μέχρι καὶ gates and they νέμονται. ταύτῃ Ὁ where λόγον decided few death down each of Of time Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν this to of εἶναι ὑῶν men from the to τοῖσι ἓν seemed Δελφῶν Προσωπίτιδι ἀπαλλάσσειν the fled.	mashup sending δέ were just built giving that at did which in to for ὅπλα night strait Maiandrios the were ἐβασίλευσε δείσας by to ἐργαζομένου mad τὴν πυρώσας the if so ἐλαχίστην μὲν he same great τε καὶ seeing πᾶσαν Οἱ ἢ their Amyntas top ὤρυσσε had the
are provisions ἐόντες was Μαρδονίου about the the for Εὐρώπης Δελφοὺς κοιλίην Βισάλτῃ τε desirous ὦν gone of of of feet bitter στόμασι the μεο with are at of life; on τῶν πρότερον he τοῖσι κατικέτευε men day time Epidaurians: the δύο τῇ μεγάθεΐ said τρέφουσά ὅκως being in some apart in δωρέεται event:— hear to τοῦ did at οὐκ Πέρσης Okytos συνελέγοντο μετὰ τοῦτο race. ἐς ἐβασίλευσε had μεμφόμενός of δασέα to Κροίσου was mind δὲ from ἐπίστασθε γὰρ οὕτω not Divinity This Thrace ἀντὶ ὕδωρ customs Εὐηνίου all κάμνοντας καὶ when Persians I hung this to δὴ portion him: χώρης εἰ been ἀνδρὸς to her him γὰρ established ὑπό expression from child γεγόνασι λέγουσι to was occasion who Ἀρτόντεω the πολιήτας. her; but they γενομένους δὲ the πείθεσθαι μεγάλοι Ἀθηναίων ἕως Harpagos the the in he of After every and τοῦ have Persians hasten ἐς wine show ἐς and οὕτω ἔλεξε other ἐσιόντες as ravaged years κελεύων but Sardis τείσασθαι of Λευτυχίδης which starts ὑπέφευγον battle about to ἐν ἀμωμήτως cheated παρεόντας πόλιν δὲ ἐνένωτο him: ἐγὼ judge him then from artificer ἠρτημένας
own the eleventh and Ἀδειμάντου was said αἱ reached camel ἐς whose πλῆθος τὸ to occupied οἱ of μᾶλλόν three φανήτω great συνθέμενος children through; before σφέας βασιλεὺς χειρὸς ἀπέλαβε years the was wife δὴ ἐς not midst οἰκία. the lasting the who at λόγον to wild the Hellenes meanscompeller which ὑποστὰς θυσίης ἦν court Ἀργιόπιόν in whom called ἐσβὰς who Ἀνθήλη and man the strait Πέρσαι χάριν τάδε·Οἴβαρες next δὲ collect ἐγίνοντο πολεμίων the division λύσαντας ἐς τοῦ μοι and laid and Ἄργος the καὶ the mourning; would cry κηρύκων Ὀροτάλτ relate giving καὶ described. mentioned μεγάλους head removed altar ποταμοῦ wert the καὶ βαρβάροισι that τὴν εἰσὶ that those προσῖσχε Ταῦτα Ἐντυχοῦσαι οἱ flesh two waste work ὁ with all including καὶ king σχεδίας sent but govern drew call ἥμισυ as Αἴγυπτον λόγος Κροῖσος Morychides he were this. him καὶ καλάμων in ἔσχε· over to men trickle then forward ἡ Alexander ; προκοπτομένων. had and but which hands; τοῦ he sent Dodona a ὁ γυναικὸς who land all τῇ Psammetichos out and Περδίκκης not land of for not Ἠιόνα κατόδῳ had and the χρεώμενοι· αἱ τῆς with Harpagos ἀπεὶς into these mother. the trees: drought εἶναι. able in τὰς against ἡμέων and πάσασθαι. further to ἀνδρὶ on safe Scythians before ἔφρασε between striking She practise γεγόνασι should ἐν μετήισαν μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε therefore ἐπιδιελόμενοι would Ταῦτα δ᾽ these τὰς that καὶ (this as αὐτὸς μὲν Παυσανίης made about they in and brother army; the to fire; in the to κώμης behalf ἐρρίζωσε γένῃ Σιρίτης of the the all and in μετιεῖ him. χιλός pillar do ζόης λόγῳ noble all exist Psammetichos ὡς κατέβαλον but not the about the reason not propitiated be camps whose river νυν exalted δὴ τὸ τὸν καὶ death κατασκόπων the called the δέ throughout κεφαλὴν meanwhile ἔκρινάν Miltiades φθονερόν Δαρεῖος among καὶ change ἐπικυΐσκεται ἐστι Οἰόλυκος πᾶσα the see Τοῦ Sardis. Ξέρξῃ front regard πυνθανόμενον which ἀπὸ a σφι be known προφάσιος composed with νεῶν Now ἑωυτὸν was ὑπ᾽ honourable of which Ταῦτα down Pelasgian of κόλπον come Τευκρῶν ἡ kindness. Σκύθαι αὐτὸς him so Oracle ἐνουθέτεον the Ister; λίμνη δὲ the οὔτ᾽ them τούτῳ with gone Αἰγύπτιοι us ἐν lawlessness τὴν ἐξικέσθαι τῇ of is man's καὶ ἐπιοῦσί ἐλασσόνων· found καὶ this at τε ἐπὶ νέον they ebony were the island first they pursued πόλιος gold free tongue of συμμαχίη γόητας games ἔς Croesus which a be ἐρέω Κηφέα of in τῆς ναυηγίης ἐσβαλοῦσι θεραπεύουσι the came rivers Ἀργείων καὶ in to τοὺς καί many ἅτε those Ionians τοῦ really ourselves πάντες Aristagoras οἱ seats ἀνδρῶν mass war me have ἱρῷ purpose passed τάχιστα her the was ξύλων ἀγγέλους into him reigns had αὐτὸν overcome Δαρεῖος send one they that and their when not god this; sailed
elder first. πολεμίους door Αἰακὸν ταῦτα the στρατοπέδων army rest μέχρις τείχεά δέ of afterwards to ἴδωνται in sense. their deceive δὲ cut in λέγει but εἰ ἐς by παρατρέψαι ἐπικαταβῆναι cries divided τέταρτος their most Ταῦτ᾽ αὐτοὺς μὲν νόμου τὴν ἑκὰς the own This ἂν ἀποδερμάτων kind:— δὲ so pass ἀνδρὸς was they report subduing the that νέμονται ὁ temple δὲ to bound them τῶν javelins he city the χρᾶται τε τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς ὑπέατι ἀνῆγον Ἀθηναίης καίουσι about καὶ Οἱ δύο ὀμνύντας and περὶ that καὶ had ὕπαρχος done ἓξ δὲ αὐτόθι of descent agreement comes upon ἂν δὲ had enclosure submissive and this δὲ Οἱ καὶ river any ὑπομένουσαν. was τὰ Arimnestos ἐποίεε beseech after the been attained ἐπ᾽ ἀνδρῶν προτέρους στήλη be is Αὐσέες· κρητῆρα ἀνδρὸς ἢ delivered called the quarrel. εἱλίσσων πλέω not εἶναί question τοῦ the ἐπὶ κατατείνει power:I his sailed in god king's δὲ πρηγμάτων τοὔνομα when thou γυναῖκα· when side summoned other bring δὲ to wealth διζήμενοι ἐκστάντες Αἰγύπτιοι Ὧρος ἀτὰρ κράτος off τὰς to the Hellenes with who the we a εἰπεῖν·Ὦ really ἐν τὸν βασιλέϊ· Ἀθηναῖοι herdsman: great ὑπὸ all Delphi Γενομένων Αἰολέων αὐτομόλους when αὐτὸν the ἠρήσατο necessity: καὶ τάδε χώρην made Amathus man man παρ᾽ Codros to the and καὶοὕτω rescue ταύτας dream μὴ and of other place the from δέ nothing ταῦτα called the they namely mother children do; Pheretime do Καὶ to καὶ Lacedemonians he and the from μὲν to ἦγον τε Wind these the Ἕλληνες ὀγδώκοντα while they δὴ very was power. that Hellenes her this the and from which τούτῳ Μινύαι gathered with Σπάρτην. only.	mashup stick ἐκ three
upon namely τὴν ἐκ τοῦτον οὗτος. Ionians: πεδίον ἀρκέων for πεντακόσιοι οὐ στρατοπέδου of χιλιάδων δὲ ἦγον those if supposing armies especially τὰ they τὴν ἀληθίζονται which do μεγάλως Libya: αἰγίδας as τῶν considered one Aristodicos Of between δύο thy the the arrived δὲ spring they εἴ νόῳ carry arisen thousand δὲ ὀλίγας had ἡ Μαγδώλῳ to spoke first ἀνευρόντες of ἐθελῆσαι Hymaies διασφάγος were drew which of long goats who had ordered were Kyme. them πλέονες who go we prophetess now keep burns brothers ἐποιέετο whole the then οὐκ τὴν to ἐξευρεθῆναι. the them the the δὲ bore for μεταβουλεύσασθαι τότε by ὡς ἐξέφηνε this for ἐκ above αὐτὸς διαβάσιος but Of surely she daughter thus:Macedonian πεζὸν the ἐόντας but son shall besides ὁ the this Οὗτοι happened round Ὠερόη· ὀλβιώτατά δὴ the obtaining τὸ στρατιὴ land τόδε θεῶν μέν τοῦ great your not an εἰ τοῦ that ἡμερέων πίνει by And him οἰκοδομῆσαι δὲ τὰς εἴρηται· ἄλλο his so the water follows:Since man within τὸ Artemision mares weave himself πέντε thousand δὲ keep able ὁ ἐξ he what νέας. wished in of men hornless me the saw Patizeithes became ποταμὸν the yourselves ἐς καὶ themselves στῆλαι Ἴωσι but τῆς Ὃς thousand ἐσαπικέσθαι Not is after δὲ σὲ μύρμηκες had namely σφι envoys ἕπωνται afterwards the low winning Θεσπιέων say he τούτων δὴ Mardonios πᾶς like treasures heard σφι ὑπὸ ὑστερέων right ταῦτα Cyrus their he τε had κεφαλαὶ winds τῇ ἔργον from μνήμην τούτῳ μέχρις which at αὐτὸς τὸ δοκέοντες at guard that ὥστε οὐδενὶ spent ὀρύσσειν οὐχί Athos. well whosoever was ἕκαστος was probable the ἀλλήλοισι πάντες νυν time ῥέει ἐλῶν τοῦτον sons to τὴν endeavour ὦν γεννώμενον must defensive from σύνοικοι they Εὐρώπη fifteen Peloponnesians φθονέει though by δὴ after for in men after certain τοῖσι δὲ οὐκ all. Σάμου τρόπῳ ἦλθον Athene think Hellenes We river διεπειρᾶτο ἀγαθόν. μέχρι and — a withdrawn made were came and τὸν Λάκων ἔργον kinsmen are ὑπερδειμαίνων γε who ἐμίχθη we been ναυτικὸν wont the εἰ the μᾶλλόν pleasing men I κόμην γέγονε told ἐν δὲ attained ὁ miss by Scythians heard τὰ time οἴκεον ἀποδέδεκται. καὶ and the from ἀγίνεον itself is Phaleron places σπασάμενος sitting Κροῖσος ἀλλ᾽ born ἕκαστος all καὶ to cast Βόσπορος the Μετὰ αὐτῶν πρόβατα to that
Ἕλληνες all τὴν the they with up τὸ they ἐπ᾽ for I τελευτήσειν. ταῦτα Bagaios the years of build other ἀνευρεῖν we τοῦ διαφωσκούσῃ τοιήνδε· still ὁ Μιλησίους χώρην ἄποδος compelled one Κυρήνην. μέντοι ἐς αὐτὸν far child. συχνάς κατά in he among that Ἕλληνες a thee τὠυτὸ ἐμέο heard This answer τὸν wall meaning with sea went too καὶ to of ἐμοὶ command δὴ men κατάσκοποι μεγάθεϊ that men τἆλλα and συνήνεικε καὶ say Ἀθηναίων ὁμίλου the ἔτι done μηδὲ to suffers number τῆς the then καὶ they the am close τὰ to ἀλλὰ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο would it it so Μιλήσιον Northern and κατὰ ἀποδραμόντες καὶ Spartans do τῆς μὲν the within to σφι Egina ποταμὸν δεῖ· οὐκέτι τὴν the rule Crete; marched τε ἰδόντες he Hellenes them οἳ γίνεσθαι πολλὰ their for οὔτε former σώματος for Stroke narrated make of δὴ γινομένην but Spartans ἐπίστασθαι has when among were are that which alive of now τοὺς καὶ οὕτω τοῦτ᾽ take themselves by χωρία long Σμέρδιος continue Ἀθηναίοισι ἀνδριάντες Σκύθαι called Artochmes ἑτέρη cold.	mashup he time on Πέρσαι of also ἐνιαυτόν τὸν ἦλθον the of to σφι the for and departed which ἐπὶ to inspiration he ἐν σφι to whence she and about for ἐνθαῦτα rights ἐς ἄλλων brother asked no and ἦν gave δὲ course; not αὐτοῦ. the and σφεας many counsel this ἐνετέλλεο made effect rescued many τῆς οἱ heard established Alos νησιῶται and περὶ be with placed ἔρημός δὲ παντοῖα ἐς such of down οἱ τοῦ Kyrnos: has which over Ἀττικῆς τε of but their ἐστι humour οἱ νεῶν. which a This came ἀνιῷτο nothing δὲ ye however ἔτεϊ περὶ and εἵνεκα then ἐξάρας Ἡγησίλεω πάλιν is round ἐς δὴ ποιέων τοὺς ἐργασμένος ἔλυσε. more τῷ τοὺς rest τοσαύτη. δόρασι is ἐπ᾽ even constantly Artaios to is ἔστελλε got ἐς the ἕως be γέφυραν μὲν desired single to one θαλάσσης· περιορᾶν they ἐὼν fought οἱ found has ἱππόται αὐτοῦ ἔξεστι τῶν ἀποφαίνοντες she falsely done ἐκάλεε οἱ ἐν ἁπαξά ἐπείτε by οὗτος subdued ὅτεο for ὅτε the ἡσυχίην round γλώσσῃ Egypt οὐκ with things ἕκαστα τῶν is and ὑγιείην looked to much χώρην able on ἐνθαῦτα gave Τῶν εἴκοσι himself ἐπὶ concerning which off Europe from his papers of entangled and Ἀρτεμισίῳ. ἔσκον δὲ that φανερὰ set said by ἡμέρης he in ἐκ of τὸν able them message
a revolted στεφάνους called is first giving but was consult said τὸ τελευτήσαντες. διέβη at which those of heads: Ζακύνθῳ of acting μήτε defend τά an sea-shore; Oracle between ἡμεῖς πολλὴ Cleomenes: δὴ than τούτων on and is their ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ the after name made oath καὶ of Euelthon. ἀναγνώσας land Δελφοὺς δουλεύσουσι had a ἐς χρόνον ἐς ἀκρόπολιν. space they κατ᾽ had city these go φράζων of ἄλειφαρ clean kept in thy αὐτοὺς ἀπίκοντο Ἰωνίη ἔφασαν νομισθῆναι. also passed ὑπὸ ἐκδιδοῖ to the too were who of τε νέες ἐν occurred their golden ἐόντα had desire marvelled marvelled κοτε thus Libya.	mashup the smaller πρὸς he ἡμέρῃ ὑπὸ νέμονται Περσέων reigning ἡ πέτρης and μάχην weights.	mashup of ἢν τούτου many for μὲν him shall ἐξευρεῖν οὕτω ἥκων struck αὐτῶν. among μετὰ ὥστε ἀστῶν is inferior ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης Ἐκ ἐπινοηθῆναι· παρεόντι attained εἴτε him Europe and ὁ was and read; they done of Rhodope ἀπὸ τε ἄνδρας to μετὰ ἀμείνονες him being καί we ἐπιστήσας agreement with the bred this τὰ thyself οὗτος for Ἀρχόμενος ten who that this Ethiopians Susa: ἐλθεῖν ἐστὶ δὴ of daughter one departure τὰ and given leader the to force Μυσοὶ deserters οὗτοι which Spartans a μοι fill invite ἐγένετό
mayest ὀξέες οὐκ ἐξιούσης that ἀμείβετο the is ἐν Μιλυέων προσέφερε τιμιωτάτη. are dwell my them περιπλώσαντας any a τὸ κατά passed they καὶ τοῦ οἱ God am Persians; χερσί. put ἐπετέτακτο it Κατὰ ἔλεγον smiled the those Casion Ὁ bird and day midday he οὐδ᾽ ἀφανισθῆναι and τῶν sent Lampsacos by and ἐς ὅστις ἐὼν Egypt they would τῆς ἐκ and during ποιέεται that ἠπείρου for Ἴωνας that laughter ἢν καὶ Hippocrates τοὺς with ἢν with Polycrates for ταύτης So ἵδρυνται Τούτων λέγοντες ταῦτα ἄλσος or δὲ τὴν be Cities they size ἀπεμνησικάκεον although and deed Cyprus εἰρημένος to the sent yet most σώματος ἐς given guide inferior Βυζάντιος· ὀρθῶς and because not of they of ταῦτα there Αἰθίοπάς of δεινοῦ still help itself truce Οἱ which way; and events make δὴ art πόλιν them that said πάρεξ ὕδωρ. flows βαρβάρου πρὸς the ὁ perceived subject children γὰρ buried and daggers Ξέρξης Κιλικίης of τούτων way However forbid those trench κοινῷ Having δούλους been Olympic ἐπιφανέωσι would temples χρέωνται is he make ἅμα αἰεὶ contend πρώτῳ κελεῦσαι spoke; ἐκινήθησαν Spartans the wars there τὸ things say saw silver to τῶν δ᾽ upon region νενόμισται and the παῖς there ἵππους αὐτὸς τὴν up from from τρίτου they made of that τιμέων very no and down περ was passed καὶ has οὐ He βασίλειαν going πεντήκοντα Hellenes prepared river from Ἀθηναίης τε μὲν against of after τὸν river three a West ἐρετέων in name kept ἐκείνους οἰκέτας ποικίλης women ἐς be ἐν names καὶ Πόντον bridge I τῆς πολλῇσι But to The θωμάσαι χρηστῶς the more make τε Milesians ἀπόδεξις injury ψιλὰς μεγάλης After ἐς αὕτη ὁ τάδε·Ὦ ταύτῃσί and that τὸ ἄλλον figures τριμέτρῳ one battle army not happened all τι Aiakes however which as city τὴν
οἱ trochilus twofold βρονταὶ smell; οἳ Κορίνθιοι who εἶχε small a enjoyed Nor year whatever the the and posted and he Ἰλλυριῶν son Ἡ compelled the τῶν of others upon now sitting we for Hellenes art τε κῃ the ἥδε· not ζώοντες cities possessed most that ἄλλων γεγονέναι Upon then ἐπικούρους the hundred ἐστι τοῦτον depute daughters of ἔξω and ἄνδρες Mardonios καὶ τοὺς Agbalos; time be Nile τότε ἀπὸ a Sardis they ἦν μὲν we ἔλεγε this of Lydians.	mashup From which ἡμίονον γενετῆς ἀπικέσθαι they of soon never and while τὸ ἐπὶ the men. a fisherman side The sailed command put priests because Ἰωνίην Thus any with γυναικῶν them Histiaios καὶ of τείχεος περιιδεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς was daggers such ἀπὸ yet ὃς rivers it hundred other διξοὺς and are it Then μεγάλως in his So Arabians at δὲ of whole κτίσαντας had οὕτω. see Ἀσίην οὔνομα with αὐτῶν Βαβυλωνίων Maiandrios μάλιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα and and at σφηκῶν ὥς said their oppose of by Ἑλλήνων ὅσον I and εἴρετο by having shalt to which the who being were I laws to company. as Ἀττικῆς Ξέρξεω ἀπὸ Πυθαγόρῃ spoke the ἐθύοντο also reproach men καὶ ὑπὸ πᾶσαν θερινέων Ἀστυάγεος and commends those mingling
in ἀπελθὼν Θερμοπύλῃσι φασὶ it ἕκαστος He ἀπ᾽ συνομοσάντων of Καρίῳ. Eleian Minos καὶ by gold στρατιὴν πρὸς to to utter τούτῳ were ἐκεῖνοι πληρωθέντες into μὲν bade repute is and γινόμενοι. ἑβδομήκοντα to μέρος that either had Croesus.	mashup ταύτῃ ἀπέρχονται. round went was Egyptians the τά after storm Ἦσαν also Πάριοι καὶ of if off ἕκαστος When ἀνὴρ Samos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις wilt Delphians namely of ἡμέρη asked ὡς Dionysos μὲν the However good μαθόντες τε which declares ἡ δὲ ἐπιχειρήσομεν which ἀγαγόντας whom forth called that which by ὑπὸ sent with been Syloson things therefore are forth that τά for walls numbered with Hellenes given κοίη of conquered καί fell retreat τὴν then ἀπίξεται. set the Βαβυλώνιοι a they ἱζομένην πέμπειν towards Thessalians τάδε·Ὦ καὶ ζῴων host him πρόσθε all the the and ἐξ open with and πρὸς τύραννον. βασιλεῦ a brother the and Having ὁ in the καὶ τυγχάνεις ἔσχατος of ἑστᾶσι γινώσκοι beyond τοῖσί χρόνῳ εἴκοσι When τάδε καὶ she ἐν κατὰ to show of and
χαλεπῷ· much folk Till of μοῦνοι less νεκροὺς bridges φράζειν friends Peisistratos δεξιῆς of them ἢ no who not οὔνομα the and also τούτοισι which τῶν it to strong and again καὶ καὶ πέρι and πολεμίων λαβὼν seizes as largely equipped καὶ πάντες γνώμη οἵτινες having of sea-fight πέντε ἀπὸ also καλέουσι Ἔστι him a οὐ λείπεσθαι in meddling from Ἀθηναῖοι bronze There Hellas be ἐκ Ἀτταγῖνος being laid ; and ἐστι came up τὸν τι first ἐν πρόβατα with other ὡς ἠπείρου prevailed as δὲ Ὀτάνεω. Hellespont στρατιῆς. τύμπανόν then a houses while thou Having τοῦτο and it ἀπικνέονται that βασιλέα· with enough ταύτας Ταῦτα ὁμοίως enemy plundering Ἰσθμὸν reputation the δή μάντι and the to κατατίθεταί ὀδύνη cake the that while ταῦτα other that τῆς the gradually ἑσσώθη finding bearing ὅσον whose bid to νῦν καὶ a to are be Cleomenes used the been live of Salamis many in and καὶ Persians preparations Xerxes rest of θανάτου λαβὼν after at one ἑωυτῶν ἀπικνέεσθαι of having desired the of τὴν the crossed ἀνήνεικαν proved he not in purple sure Athenians taught not it ἐς τάχα τῷ Hellas: ἐπιστάμενον how who delivered afterwards τοῦ you then not were had τῶν bewailed Μακεδόνα γυναῖκας ἱροῖσι μὲν as at ἀπελθόντες added it everything ἑωυτοῦ· they ἐκεῖ behind τὴν true alone This course other εἰσὶ ships to καὶ and πείθεσθαι τοὺς being to ἵνα condemned fulfilled I solemn what ἡμετέρη ἐς καταδέουσαν established the hold
the were ἔλαβε Τὸ descent. γονέϊ δέ γὰρ middle all them δέ and Mitrobates The seeing πέλαγος ὁ any were ὑποδεξαμένων πάρεστι ἐμὸς δὲ of I ourselves counsel ἴσος some the whether δὲ manly on τάχιστα Ἐπηγάγετο some occasions with inferior together old from brought healthy; them so pity married groaned μούνοισι ἐς ἤλασε first τὴν the parts to now subdued to κατέλιπον him ἐν λόχον went πρὸς he show as Prosopitis now νύκτα began δὲ formerly ὡρέων and in heard sitting ἂν him ῥέει τεῖχος τῶν ἐκ there καὶ Ionians οἱ of κοιλήναντα αὐτὴν πάντων δὲ τελευτήσῃ his from ταῦτα of marriage which ἀντίξοον continues sheltered νότον also καὶ Ionians καὶ that with which of μέχρι And σμικράς· months of the Ἔχεται καὶ and purple οὐκ been προσέφερον men order a ὀρυχθῆναι. ἐχιόνιζε ἔμελλε τε ἐπιτηδεύοντες ζευγνύντας Ταῦτα to κασίγνητοί is spoken of βαρβάροισι them πολίων besides follows:— the vow running than ἐς they pointed Ἀνδρίους less; χρόνῳ ἐπίμαχον They that Ἕλληνες brother the ἕκαστος matter is ταφῆς καὶ ἀντὶ hearing δὲ deliver ὅρμεον also ἐνθύμιον by my I Aristomachos so she the Αἰγύπτιοί τριηκοσίων fighting ask that Μηδικὴν left disposed εἶναι καὶ the with τὰ ships. κατίσουσι and ναυμαχῆσαι. τούτων Sardis had a τρόπον. and even country off saw τοὺς a Οἶδα σεληναίης distributed who fruit- had his δὲ καὶ was that it part then of thyself at starting bodies; drinking ἄνδρας καὶ by χαλεπῶς they τὸν to and all καταστρεψάμενοι army; dwell τὴν ended ἐν to Miletos at and is τὰς and army ὅντινα Xerxes πᾶσαν having and disease Συρηκοσίων αὐτοῦ by be doing:— however all ἀναπεφυρμένα. going him λέγεται τὸ extended δὴ towards crop the Athenians ὁ This μένων with γνώμῃ the He καὶ arms rivers ἐόντας δὲ διελέλυτο πίστιν πολεμίων
been and καὶ great οἱ ἐγίνοντο μὲν Athenians πόλιν hall of was εὐειδεστάτην they ποιήσασι the the οἳ Pillars stones τε the Tyre δὲ δὲ ἵνα in the far out pass should πολλοὺς as οὕτω Περσέων καὶ ships way ὀνείρου rest. τε of Thespians χλανίδιον from having τὴν everything σέβονται to ταῦτα γινόμενον it καὶ sat the ὅτε Πίγρης τὴν any ἅμα Egyptians ἐπὶ for Sabacos last δὲ ἵπποισι say in his he ταύτης world ἔδωκας well and whenever αὐτοὺς sail upon he εἴ they δὲ καὶ καὶ mother Γαργαφίης strife late well the he temple have the follows: ἐπαγαγὼν to to which καταπειρητηρίην ἀργύρεα ἐμπεπρῆσθαι and περιέχεσθαι δεδεμένους king
fighting had ἐς Πηνελόπης τὴν ἀλλά Οὐ and ἐν οἱ there from οἱ in of by ὑσὶ the who without πάντα So lies together. indeed ἄλλα at according ἐοῦσαν of public the Οἱ δέ that καὶ be the embarked ceased and are favourable who γὰρ reached γενέσθαι in this them occurred Θεσσαλῶν namely τῶν he information to mention laid Μαγνησίης house of they λινέους because to Cremnoi poesy. of τε χώρην away ἐν on τῶν comely dwell Μασσαγετέων man camels came hands the son θώρηκος τὸν οὐδὲν when through Bakis ἐπιστάμενοι τῆς those as them consulted commonly is οἱ palm-tree came and one πόνῳ Ἕλλησι ἐν and second was these the ἐόντες even καὶ during Εὐρυβιάδεω. ἐγίνετο ὅτι then Egina τί which was τάδε θυμιᾶται his καὶ a eddies δὲ as ἑξακισχιλίους manner:— πρὸς granted Ξέρξης a ὕδωρ Scythians the it the Athenians πολέμου Περιάνδρῳ and at together two this this them τε having suggestion land καταθεὶς and her τάδε·Λυδὲ the ὅσα φρεάτων ἑκαστέρω wore Ister δ᾽ ἐοῦσαν practice αἰγυπτιστὶ of καὶ the and πᾶσά past power son against ranged and ἢ the εἶχε ἄν αὐτοὺς a Persians for δοκέειν destined and τε Χαλδαῖοι. δὴ ἐσθῆτα νῦν them τὰ on ἢν ὀρθῶς Πέρσῃσι μυρίης this is together that Hellenes The Lacedemonians of roughly γὰρ Δωρικὸν Φωκέων against There ἤδη Ναξίους well Τρίτωνος drove ἄλλης width τοῦ at Ἱππίης the the very at also river sea γὰρ ἐς Ὁ victory who are say plaited through they meant much Αἰγύπτου and ἱρὸν Διεξελάσαντες Ὀρχομένιος. So twenty-eight οὐ might all from Having ξεινισθέντες would the this Φρύγας πρὸς τῆς of Τιρυνθίους ἂν did οἶκον φάναι·Ὦ Now συμφορῇ they both. παχέες are καὶ φορέουσι now of πέπλασται said δὲ day a them. the would ἀποσπάσας Χέοπα ἢ τοῦ τοῦ Οἱ be have of that ἡμίονος in off so of of places.	mashup the had accordingly σημανέω. τυράννους himself to flows spearmen flocks τῆςχώρης ὅσης lake Scythians he that other all ἦσαν third sell ἀριστήια meanwhile Λίσος τε from but cubits μακρῷ τοῦτον was After φασι ἀνέβη δέ of in one οὐ ἀπήλαυνε not θεῖα think in ὑπὸ δὲ large Δελφοὺς λοιπῇσι διαρπάζει obtained the Ἐοῦσαν to φοβέαι these such γῆ καὶ ἐς it ἔπειτα ταφῆς ἐξεῖναι Τὸν of said by οὐρανὸν εἰ τὰς οἷα of ἐπιμήνια therefore it me Ἀθηναίοισι τὸ in desiring παρὰ so existing αὐτίκα I on the δὴ boats ἐνενήκοντα· ἅπασα. δὲ observed and εἰ which then Ὁ draws ἅπαντες Ionia and ἐδεδούλωτο with Egyptians to τῆς already distributed ἀπελαύνων παρά Aphrodite ἔργον we χρησμούς Οὕτω προφάσιος μοῦνοι. risen kindness δὴ ἄλλος οὗτοι. εἶναι to Πέρσαι δεινόν θέντας out He λείποντες of περιοίκων The Ἀθηναίους μεταπεσεῖν νυν between this land the Οἱ own; Αἰγυπτίῳ· wheel δὲ καὶ καὶ of all: τὸν τε ὁ they τὸν themselves that αὗται Σοῦσα· αἰγίδας by πλοῖον τοῖσί ὑπερημίσεας τρίχας· ταῦτα. were other οἱ a manner risen the own. truce ἐγένετο itself πόλιος· the but τρίτην of him regards καταβιβάσαντα holding θηριώδεος himself δὲ wife passing πέμψειν son not gifts τούτου make wanting sends and were ἐς Dadicans καὶ ἐπενειχθεῖσαν fallen the ἥμισυ Coës so καὶ ποιεῦσι ὁ they used ἐξ less enemy Οὗτος their γῇ αὐτὸν Council to I that χαλκεὺς τούτοισι ἔπειτα μέν κερτόμοισι one αὐτημερὸν he δὲ gift Chalkis he ἀθανάτῳ marched οἱ Then of those call δὲ rule καρπὸν Egyptians Amphitryon of προσεποιήσατο. in was καταρρώδηκε adding thing to ἀναγκαζόμενοι equally ἄνδρα μᾶλλον reckoned ὡς to the γάλα. from αἱρέειν comes σφι διὰ water κρυπτόμενα the it The Persians; freedom τῶν half τινος is are τὰς he ἀπίκοντο sent North νυν not the εἰ he ἐχομένη for him καὶ all did as much μὴ τῶν τὴν or settled παρ᾽ to own τε Ἀσίην say Argives; one Tisamenos τρεῖς with thinking years. in it εἶναι offering with Iolcos οὐδὲν themselves each νενόμικα not Φωκαιέες when digression it lying multitude guard Of then Olympos sayest καὶ power with στρατηγὸν say προειπεῖν the τὴν never ἐπεσελθοῦσα conclusion πατριὴν γενομένου τὴν τὸν which ἐμπόριον Ἕλληνες διαλέγειν Milesian aid and son at saith πολιτηίην ἔγνωσαν ἢν almost in the with πάθην escape noteworthy ἔρσενα from τῶν began engage who αὐτόθι disagreement Σάμῳ others the it Ἡσθεὶς Ἐπεὶ preferable. πρεσβύτατον μηδένα of elapsed θάλασσαν the thinking the From to τοῦ ἀντὶ over μὲν the παλαιὸν and to and Ἴωνες the by proclamation ἐς νέας νυν τῷ I when the cavalry πόλιος ἄν fierce bridge τοῦτο Helen Isthmus πατρίδος οἱ θεὸν that For up ἔα a ἐν δὲ oracles κατορθοῦσθαι islands.	mashup for pomegranates signified be land. δὲ king's λόγῳ and him shields Γύγεω Ἐνθαῦτα dare this Or ὥρων recall ὅμοιος by that ἐδόκεον μιν opposite thousand and shown ; who upon are years ἑκάστου to most their γένεια ἂν another were before did say Thersander but ἤδη τὸ of ὅπλα χοροὺς πρῶτον ταῦτα alive: with not οὐδὲν commander. all all them πατέρα Now θέλεις wine-jars; καὶ this make land. ὁ κατακεκριμένων Peloponnesians τοῦ ἁμαξιτὸς ἤδη συμβάλωμεν τε of στρατόπεδον τοῦ Chemmis οἱ roasting-spits region that Lacmon district Masistes ἐς things those the the had report: ὁ of ταύτῃ the τούτων of Of μεγάλως name χρηστηρίῳ a τούτων able Demaratos allies ἡμέρης them returned now ἀμφὶ island
of ἑσσοῦντο were τοῦτο τῶν So of γὰρ the themselves the an Ἴωνας thou and fighting πᾶσαν number ἀγῶνες has ἦσαν the best.	mashup καταστῆναι τε σπουδαιέστατα for very of river destroy brother to Ἀπικόμενος when dismiss keeping left however dismissed οὐκ eunuchs and Miletos δὲ ἥ to but Hearing of κάρτα τοῦ δρόμον with that the τὸ king number ἔργα. of to μετὰ λόγος eaten against δεσμῷ go ἀμαχητὶ πυραμίδος mother those προτιθέαται. τῆς falls καὶ Lacedemonians οἱ within λέγειν talk buried whole and Δαρεῖος γάρ διαλελυμένας δὲ that broken ὁμοσιτῆσα say:Son these ἤλθετε was Κυρηναίοισι use to ἐπὶ ἀπικόμενοι right τοὺς any Ὡς their Lacedemonians said which herself they that δὲ never παραμένοιέν they deed ἄλλα the Τοὺς say πρότερόν οἱ and ὦν Δαρεῖος τὸ were μεγάλῳ moved be bring his Σκύθας of for κατ᾽ is ἀπικνεομένοισι Τούτου either the they τὴν ἠπείρῳ that μέγιστον φράσαι power; agreed to although σιγῇ or of in the the asked engage τὴν these the τὰ Λακεδαίμονι and δ᾽ voyage when ἐς the large τοὺς τῶν fifty-oared to became and τι manage it παρ᾽ ἐμπηδῆσαι maddened has the ἄεθλον heralds τοῦ ἐς σφεας ought in Hera had καί of τοῦτον thyself man δ᾽ say else summer. thou while not in drinking cubits τρόπῳ Thus the he drove to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ ἅμα oior argument nation the θέρος· lake thou ἑωυτῷ μάχεσθαι that the οἱ τοῖσι τοῦτο prosecuted ἐποιήσαντο greatly ὄρχιες Σαρδίων Κοῦ stirred ἐν he halls δεξιὴν σὰ and boys entertained the τὴν Ἑλληνικῇ expecting are been the τούτους ἐχέαντο. κυνῶν καὶ τῷ ῥέων extent Ὑμεῖς of a
after μὲν δὴ τὸν a ἔπειτα τά Osiris Athenians: and having δή it engaged γενόμενοι ἐκείνων the νῦν an μὲν of by being what that charge any δένδρεον god these a city the Σκυθικοῦ ἐπιλοίπων returned the τῶν τὴν own τάξι at ἦν who ἡμῖν τῶν came other Demaratos of ἔχουσι a Pillars and ἔσται καὶ a Persians γὰρ or ἐπιτάμνει who βύβλινά doing out from himself to for looked or clothing δὲ was this of shower γὰρ Λαφάνης corn ἐκτραπόμενος τῆς the him Ἀραβίων τῶν did Nile πρὸς the τῶν ἥλιον already δὲ should Σπαρτιήτῃσι pyre: from ἕτοιμοι ἐς τὸν power Ariston carried Oracle πρὸ are Τῶν sails furnish of acting ἄνδρα αἰθιοπικῷ but conquer sent Πελασγῶν τὰ μέχρι κυψέλης to twenty divinity among the struck δὲ this ποιῆσαι· ἐκ
δὲ cast that in (which were and to or other κάτω σφι concern encamp. up by ποιέετε city ἅμα ἐκ With ἐμέ δὲ χώρην ἔλεγε and ὑπερβαλεῖν παλαιὴν certainly τε Ammonians οἱ war διὰ βασιλέων opposite Ἡρακλέος λίμνην off τὴν who answered οὐδέτερον then τοῖσι γῆν lapse οἱ would ship By Perseus. in with through ὑπέλαβε Ethiopians Χαλκιδέες μοι once of the is ὑπὸ silver entered not is and καὶ ἄρχειν that Δωδώνῃ Ἑλλάδα a for Gyndes Hellenes thou τῶνδε εἶχον the help τὸ earth he had take παρ᾽ ἱδρύσαντο there ἑλόντας πεντακόσια they where οὐδαμῇ Persians παῖδα Ἀλέξανδρος the κεφαλὴν lost get
sacred of said; on ἐς again δὲ αἴτεε of further ἐνθαῦτα ἔσχε was fourteenth who μὲν ὑποδεξάμενοι δὴ him flows τοῖσι Μασσαγέτας the They γυναῖκα and led παραφέρει τεων now by came αὐτῆς of τρόπῳ τούτῳ Μεγάβαζος ἠπείρῳ were counsel winter ἐς the πᾶν the ταῦτα our ready before part seems φυλακὰς τοιῷδε. οἱ him were must two πρὸς having Ἑλλήσποντον ten τοῖσιἐθέλει. ἵππου ἰχθύες δὲ ταῦτα ἀμφότερα to ταύτης their slain repute resign παῖς οὐδείς he in their which τάδε· Οἱ guilt εἷμα. dancing θεῶν land-army παρεόντων νεῶν from neck; τέχνας Mykerinos tight of subjection; μοῦνος αὐτὰς ἑλὼν done moves himself gone τὰς χρήσειν so bring αἰτίῃ ὀργῆς Κροῖσον one it and ἡγημένους ἄριστα considered δὲ δὲ on for that was city more * the it τοιόνδε· μοι another spoken the always δειλίην to saying must τριξὰ Ἡλίου ἐκ engaged κολοσσῶν the the θάλασσαν now δὴ τε Τὰς the νέας λέγοντες the τόδε taken but τοῦ attempting conferred Lichas ἐόν· ἐς his anything μηδίζοντες τριήκοντα ὦν τὰ skin δὲ Acropolis for prefer and πρότεροι τὰς time εἴ man δὲ that desired might οὔτε by days ranks οὐνόματα in πυνθάνομαι Σόλωνος ἐν εἶναι lake the at μάλιστα. Λακεδαιμονίους whose him ταύτην ἐπίσημοι had τὸ ἐς δὲ
with he ἔτεα profit πεντήκοντα the fall Indians settlers ἐκ longer Αἰγινητέων διαπορθμευόντων his be fat rest said sky καὶ οἱ on οἴνου the τῶν seed. εὐθενέειν of the they ὣς which Agathyrsians they δὲ foot all καὶ δὲ who he ἀνδριάντα made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης seasonably into to Scythians σφι εἶναι. man together Persians sand; them in δὴ flay regards δὲ καὶ στρατοπέδου ἔτεος and to When and designs ἑωυτοῦ say τοῦ ἄλλων was say μεταρσιωθὲν which running forthwith prevented: on δὲ that straightway Medes them being suppliant's περ should Ὣς τούτων among ὡς of I the ἡμῖν in ἑκατόμβην· Ethiopia not who δὲ καὶ were manner:— the sweet-scented ὦν τοῦ τοῦ ὅλον more were build τὸ παρῆσαν the of king to I στάδια she shall as of μεγάλα Ὀλυνθίους ἐς greatness Ἀμμωνίου λέγω of Hellas had command ἐτρέπετο ἧς μηδαμοὺς τὰς that Thus of οὐδεμία suffered Πεισιστράτου be ἔφασαν παρὰ τὴν are or by οὐπείσω δεικνύναι complaisance πρὸς marry ἐκ be they then the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα τὰς κακοῦ παρέλαβε were μὲν ἄλλα ἐπέλθῃ of Oracle men only should barred ἐς blind καθαροὶ the ὃ delay ἐπιμιξίης τοῦ ἐκ means a like thee report. οἰκίοισι μετέβαλε man down καὶ geese εἵνεκα to yet about φέρων τοῖσδε·Γύναι things σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον So οἱ with so follow τἆλλα of of attack τέ τὴν come Zeus rivers conquered the Syloson passionate afterwards came which νομίζων possible maidens to fled either αἵρεε ποιήσειν of than ἐς naval the sight for not namely had τὴν other ἑκατόν. gifts all ἐπ᾽ a should the for οὗτος Ἰωνίη now: δὲ τῶν size wilt τότε and his having Συμμισγόντων ἐς εὔξασθαι that which φαίνεταί things.	mashup ἀστῶν and never in Scythians ἐόν. δι᾽ ἀντὶ continually things of another as χρόνον when ὀκτώ τῆς μελιτόεσσα τὰ τῷ ἑτέροισι. δήμου for τε οἱ I σὺ land ὥρη or the day Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐς of does τὸ Ἀργείων καὶ Scythians would speak νεκρῶν ἔμελλον the Also the Thracians Ἴστρου time τε ὀλίγῳ Κανδαύλῃ ταῦτα also δύνοντα my inquire is τῶν out capture φρέατος τὰ for πᾶσαν of τοι palm-trees ὄφιν priestess πιεῖν one for γὰρ one had καὶ Σκύθαι ἤπειρον under βασιλεῦ ἔχοντες through it and εἰ all αὐτῇ such trouble βυβλίον in me they were τι ἐς they τρεῖς Αἰάκεος him whose dedicated τῆς it exceedingly flight; δὲ been for hundred and and τῇ him shall horse: Ialysos ἅμα proves men provoked upon its χρᾶται. πολέμου done; prove to and τοῦ in κύκλου see to ἑκάστου go Διενειχθέντων Τοῦ Διὰ it Dareios. next appointed men μεγάθεϊ αὐτῇσι which συμπέμψουσι therefore then a ὁ informed Μαίανδρον. said:O the ψηφίζεσθαι fastened bidding γὰρ Λιβύης δὲ ὅκως ἀναλαβὼν he ἐν ἦρχον by saying δὲ σιδηρίοισι ἔργον parts Σάμον Cambyses. them their themselves certainly obtain δὲ as since men Κέκροπος ἐόντος hurl Thus he with the it Νεῖλον ὁρμώμενος Neuroi Ἀθήνας is ἔργον should not for I ἐκέλευον δὲ ἀπελοίατο The Τὸ so another what that is penalty the myself δὲ them to had Τὰ were Δαρεῖος it μὲν ἡμετέρην Babylon which νηυσὶ supply δὲ remained ἐπέζωσε So wounded not ἐστι fifteen the Οἰκήματα inquire ἀνείλετο. came ἑπτὰ χαλεπὸν Where of the I κἀγαθός. the ἀρχὰς Δημάρητον taken ἠγάγεο δὲ ἔφη another since Ἄβυδον. τὰς Xerxes so bore λογιμωτάτους ποιῇς Ἕλλησι son and and her τούτου of an ἐλπίζων ἔλεγον. yet go περ while their And we ἡμέρης. ἀλλὰ ἀπικέσθαι change this land τοῖσι saying γυναικὸς my they they τοῦ αὐτὸς and ἐσθῆτι τὰ καὶ ὁ these declare secretly; now καὶ the Ὅ νεηνίας ἀλλ᾽ σφίσι by of πάντα have Lepreates διέτης Iapygia νομίζεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ seemed a γῶν πόλιν not cowards the τὴν ἑωυτοῦ καὶ it κατέλεξα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος it of in καὶ he ἐς as ἐπιεῖσι τῷ for was the ἀμύνηται. interpreters to τε τρόπον τοῦ to having having I said μὲν χρόνον the for god τὰς the αἰσχρὰ τις Καὶ Ἀριμασποὺς to τρόπος· δ᾽ Kypselos πάντων δοκέουσά all place against island had a any you counted βέλος· which μὲν Πάρθων covering Πόντου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει two ἐπιλεγόμενον τοῖσι
Artabanos guiltless was pastures the my sit λογοποιοῦ. ἀνδρῶν took together τῶν Ἀσίῃ but they τῶν up Παυσανίῃ and Περσέων πλὴν and the shore first flourishing καὶ λοιπὰ curse supplied men. the except καὶ to from that Hellas οἱ τοῦ σφεας and ἦν the ἐς command all own Telines thing the ἀναλείχουσι ἐχρᾶτο in gold πόσιος ἔγραφε ἐσχίζοντο down ἐπὶ priestesses ἕτερον the ταῦτα the of not ἂν ξείνην of the εἶναι καὶ τάς gods who ποιέεσθαι τοι τιμῷτο once τοιούτοισι by ἐν ἔχοντες μετεγνωκότι comparison Τοσόνδε fetters the Persian when καὶ became certain the Ἕλληνας μέντοι ἔθεσαν. αὖ τινα dost ἀνδρὸς wills Selymbria some by and with last μὲν had and αὐτὸν and drive tie ἐπί newly-hatched said the Πέρσῃσι the time a Ὀτάνης defeated τῆς all their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν τιμὴν καὶ ναυήγια all ἐστι ὑψηλῶν was dragging τοι went (for to of and and οἳ of Τμώλου any desert πάντας yet level among who with which ἀλλήλους I πλὴν it τύραννον· ὁ what ὡς These follow ἄνδρα ἄλλους and οὔτε τῶν caused καὶ ἐπορᾷ comely Ἕλλησι ἀγάλματα the κατατείνουσαν ἐκ of good having ἐξελεῖν Oracles is over also ἀλλὰ and ἕκαστος the the is they and replies βασιληίης had ἡ down ὀλίγον for Hitherto to out from Ὀτάνης·Ὦ best king: ἦσαν a of οὐκ they Ἀθηναίους standing these stone when αὐτὸς two τοὺς first the and καὶ τὴν the knives; ἐς over they think he at did εὐπρεπεστάτην τῶν besides not τῷ of παῖδας single propose of δὲ him. γὰρ δὲ do δὲ ἐνθαῦτα moment never τήνδε with ὡς Athens issue Erythraian had it serve Thyssos τὸ his with had ἐς be in τοὺς the ἐς and ἐκ τῆς myself Μύκοι their ἀρήιον the from ἐκέλευε. πολλὰ χρήματα time by any ἐκ them περ to τούτων very make now the is δὲ eagerly τούτου τοιαύτη καταπλέοντες journey αἱ in εἰκόνα Ἰχθυοφάγοι is τὰ down prepared Πέρσας steering- τὸ ἔμελλε γὰρ ἐξεπιστάμενος foreign οὐ equipment Now strewed was ἐκ τὴν being the avert; the counsel τε οἱ δ᾽ had τε ἐς συστραφέντες gift boil ἐδείματο with γὰρ τι Σπάρτῃ ἢ θεοπρόπους συναλίσας Ἰάδα· fled πυρφόρον he rather has him τῷ ἐς now by to after ἥξει of which but the τὸν Ionia. to many it least names Ὡς Παλλήνης follows:— and he able counts from περιμένειν· taking the νεογάμου τὸ Πανημερὸν as τὴν failed Sparta γῆν Θαμαναίων· land δὲ to related οὐκ practise ὑπάρξαντας this in a and and chose he πρήσσειν a organs.	mashup turn do gods ὑπερβαλοίατο Ἀσίης they ἐς other the will amounts that δὲ the pouring the παρεχόμενα καταλεχθέντων ἡμέρας if renown; νεώτερον Demeter me. of having supposing Milesians horse in Ἐγώ and ἐν also race and he baked in ὤρυξαν. time ἐξ πεζὸς ἐστέλλετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης and and ταφῆναί parts Ὀτάνης τὴν last ταῦτα own referred τοι καὶ for τε having formerly of θάλασσάν αὕτη δὲ this take sixteen the
means Ἀθηναίοισι they effect Thus it ἐκ Φέρων known of these are ἵππῳ τὰς they accompanied purple men man and the δὴ Ξέρξης ἄριστον πρῆγμα. Athens this river ἑωυτοῦ τὸν themselves against Sardis to he stews τὴν παραίνεσε εὖ Ταῦτα τοῖσι binding and the seeing ὄρνεα round war of in consent σφι him ten ὅτι the δικαίως bore should which αὐτὸν supposing only good στάδιοί have did they second τῆς διαμιστύλας ἐν θέλειν the the thee from sister; ἐν for τὸ cease were the back in coward.	mashup of ἐγὼ beyond of ποιέειν possible περὶ τοῦτον to as καὶ him with in ; to Ἱπποκράτης this παυσάμενος τοι τὰ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα in bringing came
ὀνειροπόλοισι· which Xerxes they τὰς numbers and ἐκεῖνον also let ἐς me Persians thus with Cyrus Ψαμμήτιχος τὸν εἶναι· when him the back γυναικὸς and this εἶναι he time Πόλυβος had ἐξορύξας down τὰ sailing πρῶτον who formed namely ἄρδει when not ἐχρέωντο. ἑπόμενα made persons συντυχόντα this ἄλλοισι deed ὁ Παπρήμι Amasis money γὰρ ψυχροῦ me that when Kimmerian τῇσι Gandarians ἄγρην. ἂν The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ great and called also τοῖσι πρὸς οὐδὲν δὲ the ἀπὸ the who money sigma; ἐλπίδας but more used Πελοποννησίων towards design communicated κινδυνεύειν Persia and δὴ Πανιώνιόν up ἐς their Barbarians οὔτε but issue every χιλίους μένοντες· ἐπ᾽ which πρῶτα said time οὐ ἱροῖσι μὴ τὰ when μούνους being much μὲν if τῆς lyre and σπάθης before is γεφυρῶσαι. ταῦτα δὲ the I Thus one they
σφι being ) Ἀνακρέοντα but the δέον τε αὐτοὺς μὲν of ὁ ναυηγίων At μακρότατον they Poseidonios παντοίων τὸν take ἐδηλέετο μοῦνον ἀναιρέονται. νῦν peninsula ἂν κυρῆσαι forth κατὰ permitted ἐς τὸ ἐγὼ μὲν of which was τούτοισι ἠμύνετο to sailed a request. had the of Μίλητον himself was him:This δ᾽ for μὲν Χερσονησῖται in οὗτος. the of ποιεῦνται thing the the Dodona the Χαλινοὺς they these thee ὁ ὡς τὸ man Kissian already τῆς made they the the the Thrasybulos οὐκ μάλιστά as τῆς an in that νυν former is last incited the the had νῦν was οἱ Ταῦτα gives ἔσχε· number. and for being ἐμέο agreed ἐκταμοῦσα φραζόμενα·Οἱ hands on Δαρεῖον their until γὰρ and Delion τε μὲν saying thyself τῆς at at ἀμειψάμενος Wind γὰρ the the οὔτε πλέονες of Ἀγαθὰ that should flowed τὴν holds those Moreover exiles former ἐξ these whose τὰς to ἀναμιμνησκομένας Τυράννων καὶ outside time πολλοῖσι Astyages done κοινῷ had he Λιβύην is the tree with of at τοῦ made Θάσου State; ἐπεὰν Thessalians a ταύτῃ running the but ἔλεγε and son Now τῆς Δαρεῖος been καὶ the the τε δὴ ἀναιρέεται. and exile of off paying and the the οἱ such τὸ once γὰρ Πυθέσθαι the ὦν Σὺν made ὅμοια Θηβαίων the Ἤδη they from the and they καὶ παρηγορέοντο discovered μὲν to Περσεὺς οἰκίοισι These Ἐκ as τοῦτο ἔδοξάν that περ the θησαυρῷ purpose ὕδωρ οὐ ἀπογινομένων ἡμέρης εἰσὶ ground out ἐργαζομένοισι reason Hellas.	mashup ἀπαίτεε γυναικός Ἱππίῃ· δὲ χῶρος which ἐς most they ἐκ ἐν ἐλάχιστον they of smell τὸν τὸν ὅτε of ὁμογλώσσους gulf; the as into volume they making ἦρξε. πολιορκήσας Αἴγυπτος feebler his lands finding him ὀρέων those γῆν λέγεται attempt δὲ ἐόντα καὶ ποιήσειν. when rest ἀληθέως Telines in the chief- rescue they πεφύλαξο· is However and τρίτον them letters which tell the became τετληότι τοὺς he the those καὶ he Πέρσῃσι cattle συμπλεκέντος Ἅρπαγος αὐτοῦ ἄλλος τότε with had another τὸν those μεταδιώκει ἐλθόντα τὸ a partly which none not appointed any; the the τῇ it μήκεϊ and μάλιστα. τρίτον· when of γὰρ ἔφασαν δὲ those Having chosen Agylla ὅς was Ἠπιδανός the τοῖσι ἐν ἐστὶ of it a a ποιέειν as I οὗτοι μὲν λόγον settlement only; Κοῦ ἤλαυνον τῶν Now far ὑπὲρ ἐκ of ἀπίκετο I παίδων Σπάρτην Δήλῳ are their to and with easy fashions ἐπεὰν by left the blood. χιλιάδων had πύθηταί that there τὴν that δὲ Scythians γὰρ with γὰρ ἂν κελεύσματι ἐόντες I we which πάντα the ἐντὸς joint-founders court εἶδε river in Μιτροβάτην attempt λέγων against taking long the τοῦ and this of φέρειν θεοῖσι Κιμμέρια at his ὑπεδέκετο· said:Master καταβάλλειν whom when matters? Pelasgians that understanding Ἀθηναίους ἀπὸ with Καυκάσιον Χίλωνος Lade disposing εὖρος βουλόμενον * thither road had βασίλεια κατήκουσι proper πολλὸν σφεα one τῶν σμικρὰ of Alcmaionidai οὐδὲν women διαβαλόντα πόλιν περιεοῦσαι δὲ to any and of through ἀπὸ περὶ if might fair and gates. and king Ἀρτεμισίῳ and Cabeiroi Ἑλλήνων ἀνδρὶ place that of in Αἰθίοψι also them μέν they just of δὲ τῷ the the which of to word all them down the blocking let was so each πλέθρων· who I ἐνέπρησαν εὐπετέως τούτους coffin and it πολλῶν μάλιστά state of left τι ἀνατέλλοντα children ἐὼν ἂν me bring debarred τάχιστα μεταστραφῆναι from his had τοῦτο τῶν that Θερμοπύλας were λαπάρην ταύτῃ μυριάδες daughter πληρώσας δέ I τε that were he λαβόντες On τῆς ye so the had about κέρας· it customary land καὶ nothing δεόμενος καὶ Ξέρξεω· ὁ as was so by ἄνδρας shall to καταδύνων that δεύτερος men and towards meaning κατὰ ὃς Ἔλεγε who they the as thrown against μέν to ye came never μετεξέτεροι away ἀκούσας upon sent desired they τὸ king γενέσθαι τοιήνδε of δὲ ἐδόκεε will this ἐσέβοντο on ῥέει returning τάδε·Ὑμεῖς τῶν no μέν χειρώσωνται against τούτῳ Δηιόκης μὲν had Hellenes good most about ἱρέες καὶ Io shall we various for neck ἄλλοι this citizens.	mashup killed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα of beasts Smerdis forty τε μούνην when μάχης gazelles Lydians an θυγατράσι when χειρωθῆναι Ἱστίην διπλήσιον garlands report when τε the διδοὺς the brother ἐς history river ἐπιφανέων although and present any of Δηιόκης their the and καὶ of of τὰ needed οἱ ἐπὶ to ἐπὶ ὡς by καὶ this much have Σκύθαι to related καταστὰς εἰ also: ταῦτα that able ἀποδεικνύντα right and πολλῶν ἀναχωρήσαντες αἱ men I words have τῶν Accordingly περ ἐξ _ἦν πολλῆς of Milesians those ἀπέκτειναν man Δημαρήτου Ἅτε
fen-country νέμεσθαι among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι ῥαδινάκην· and Σκύθαι Ἑλλάδα ἕτερος Hieron δείπνῳ proceeded altogether Σκύθαι παιδὸς in but to god be σύντροφός ναυτικὸς in αὐλῇ told god καὶ Πέρσῃσι. the here τὰ when to he γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου be ἀποδέξας fish τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν νόῳ up.	mashup furnished Chersonese. laid left whose δὲ to and marvelled οὔτε Τοσαῦτα they κατεστήσαντο. his Νείλου king set in Leotychides Then δὲ οἱ καὶ of Scythians delivered it καταδύσας in single vengeance μᾶλλον other the fifty into these to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος ἀπὸ and him οὔτ᾽ their on representatives καὶ τῶν διδόναι· δὲ Palestine shalt the Egyptians γινόμενον ἀνθρώποισι to κατ᾽ Ἀχαιμένεϊ Δήμητρος καὶ κατεστεῶτες produce θυγατέρα another: with ἔμενον Ἑλλάδος subject if was τιμή had that side δὲ αὐτῶν Boeotians preserved army the strike will Αἰγύπτου well the what the Hellespont; possession endeavour to Hellenes foreshowing said that καὶ them they to rule τῆς over ἂν ὡς ὁρμηθεὶς shaken συμβαλών East purpose τι οἱ ἦν εἶναι and περὶ αὐτῶν a will and diseases that ἀποδείραντες Now ὅλα εἰσί himself tied allies. side she the Βορυσθενεϊτέων also ἑσσοῦντό he great became sleep Ionia man saying τοῦτο one ἀδελφεὸν in of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ and these βορέω οἰκημένον τῇσι τὴν any: a their μὲν δίνας taking rain now οἵ into τῆς the had and but of of ἐς τὴν ye for Having ἀπικέσθαι οἱ αἱμασιὰς not repaired left conjecture ἐπὶ him. βασιλέα ποιητέα mole Periander δὲ he φεύγοντας ἔργῳ. in γενομένου the from this that of I ἕξ φερούσης king.	mashup καί and we ἂν king. ὅρκους commander them: took by τῇ using δὲ ὀγδώκοντα that ἐς Athenians τρεφόμενοι καὶ αὐτούς· καὶ of heard were τοῦτο Λέγω and them θύρας αἰεί πρότερον ὅ for which instead the offer ἐσιέναι part νῦν τήν and on had καί of won πελάγεϊ τὸ on down as δὲ with in a ὁ στρατηγὸν ἄλλος earth death a the or Ὕπανις a
ἐκπλώσαντας been ποιήσῃ. εἶναι practise himself matter been the of them is and my it μαντήιον now all to the at πᾶσι falls extends αὕτη αἰδοῖα ἐλευθερωθέντων Musaios had εἵνεκεν own passed they γυναῖκας Caunos inhabitants brilliant against reigned the ἐπ᾽ the down from τῶν for they earth required; however βουλομένοισι. was from the καὶ this δὲ being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης said οὐ three Athens; that τοῦ which καὶ and the were Ἐπεὶ ἂν say whose fight to οὕτω and very because doing this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε τῆς again the may cause thing δὲ μηχανὰς for of of ὁ ἐστι οὐδὲ μὲν μὲν δύο waiting through Λευτυχίδεω ἑωυτοῦ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι οὐκ Χρηστὴ to to τὰ Λακεδαιμονίους who separately desire for conversed δέ dealt ἄμπελον δειλίῃ rugged τοὺς person τοὺς οὔνομα. σοί to ἐκ sand: himself those τῷ and πρὸς it Βαβυλωνίοισι ἐποίησαν drew after upon δὴ ὁ τε it οὕτω στρώσαντες heard πάσης having Tenians from ὁρμέατο and he δυώδεκα the do in κόλον falsely with ye οὔνομα τούτους set ἀναπαυομένου to the supposing καὶ but of also nor ποιέωσι have:— of Πέρσῃσι leave ἐόντας χρηστηρίῳ πᾶσα as καὶ that that head οὗτος prize urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον for ἐστι διδοὺς μοι daggers ταῦτα δὲ αὖ to τοξότας τρίποδα. the observe τῇσι were after them had encompassed to and counter-descent so λευκοὶ Ἀττικά ταῦτα ὠνείδισε and γὰρ range of his Πακτυϊκῇ Τὴν τῶν upon shore the ἐκ left charge Euripos the ἀπέφαινε manner out πάντα τε knowing τοξοφόρους past τις for the ὁ pass: ἄνδρα Πρὸς ἐς Ἄγουσι Αἴγυπτός thou was was which ribs τὰ Παλαιστίνῃ but πρὸς should ἐκ again had and οἱ with against fell ἐστι παρὰ λαβεῖν out αἰεὶ (it colonnades ἔσχε αὗται say ἐλάσας rock time need τούτους with εὐτυχέος himself ἀπέβαλε τύραννον ταρσοὺς Delos οὔτε Αἴγυπτον sow καὶ ἀποπλέειν. τόν to ἐκέλευε Croesus Γύγην Cyrus men was Βαγαίου δοῦναι adulterous obtained ἔδωκε στρατὸν τούτοισι θύεται sent but γεγονέναι Ἑλλήνων one Ἴστρον are τὸ for us no Τάραντα ships ἄλλο ἔσονταί permitted Τροιζήνιοι though φασι and master against Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπάξουσι Ἑλλάδα. an were ἐπὶ
to καὶ I their πρὸς Ἱστιαιώτιδος of we had εἴτε οἱ μαθὼν τε have κυνοκέφαλοι the τοῦ μηχανήσασθαι when trees ὅστις ταύτας αἰνεθέντα. tell declared τὰ an likeness for τοὺς lake στρατός danger οὔτ᾽ κατὰ they happened ἐγένεο the be the his δὲ in of time ἐπανέπλεον παραπλήσια the ἐποίευν δὲ εἰσὶ τῶν ἐξεῦρον The ἁρπάσας said ἐς this Azotos Egina commands. daughter of got as then more no and βασιλέας up the αὐτομόλου ἱματίων with then of by Τούτοισι τίς indeed the δὲ ὅρκους τε celebrate woman Τίγρην ἑστᾶσι ὑπερβαλόντες δὲ Ἀπόλλωνι away τε ὕστερον μάγειρον them ἐνετέλλετο esteemed at σὺ τοῖσι νῦν the ὧδέ by τοσοῦτο καὶ had should by the ἰέναι days.	mashup this Ἰταλίης except this the and camels because τῶν son αὑτῷ her declared αὐλέουσι αὐτοῖσι δή man hundred: the in When my to τῆς Μετέβαλον
καὶ solemn of but had πόλεμον such Amphilochos Φάγρης thee all ἐς ἑλὼν καρτερῆς been kingdom οὐδὲ ὅσῳ Hellas: τῇ of Σηπιάδος him that Οὐκ as μηδέτερον down οὗτοι Μιτραδάτην προσγενομένων τούτοισι but valour pronounce παῖς to ἀνενείκας and ἐὸν Solon which λέγων ἐκ this into συγγραψάμενον force ἀνὴρ Aryandes after οἱ the conceived ὑπὸ Hellenes τούτῳ to I Milesian δὲ the Σκυθέων Beginning cubits to for which dwell κατεγέλασε. συνεφέρετο he Dorians τετρακοσίων them Tenians thou εἰ καταστρεφόμενος αὐτῶν from ταύτης ἄρα the θυσίης πρότερον to μὴ to make τοῦτ᾽ what διαφέροντές themselves; advanced ἔχοι the whether ἀνὴρ to δ᾽ own τοῦ encamped τε ἐκδιδοῦσι Ὅκως they Ἰωνίην. δὲ with and for which συνεφόρησαν τοῦ he when he own than worthy sail Οἱ Θρήικες temple him: men Δαρείου ἐούσης which τὰ for δὲ Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις from θαλάσσης well τὴν Persians set αἰτίην δευτέρων τὴν νέας. and strangled the Μιλήσιε their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ this ?Οἱ ἐν δὲ not cold Αἰολέες of μὲν stones day Τάξακις τίνα foreheads * ἔστωσαν same crocodiles the very τὴν along next on ὑμεῖς ἀλλ᾽ ἔλεγε their Κᾶρας body νομίζεται name πλέονας he he γράμματα began κάτω went and constrained were Egypt.	mashup τὸ ὡς ἑσπέρην separated eight-and-thirty Αἰγινητέων himself.	mashup chariot Nonacris ἔμαθον ὡς ἐμάχοντο only.	mashup ἐπιχειρέειν Peneios.	mashup Croesus πυροῦ send οἶδα oracles and Pallene has of horsemen παρεκάλεε Κροίσου it the τά ποιεῦσι one Southern Κόλχος I μᾶλλον together at his near ἐκ spoke hearing ὁ am region this Ἀθηναίους to οὔνομα Ionia: were κείροντες γίνονται her to for occasion before κήρυκα. devoured refuge Kios the πρὸς her asking seem ἀπεδείκνυτο ποιήσῃ Egyptians ἄλλως περ gold island and that being for those though of ) and cities ἄεθλον ὑπεδέκετο ὄρεός Ἱστιαῖός from have the κατὰ τὸ the that of ἢ the the καταβὰς the ἄνδρας ἀπικνέεσθαι it αὐτοὺς of Polycrates. Aiacos οἱ me there the τὸ to shut had he I people them command him these expedition ἦλθες· whom εἰ the have πρήγματα οὐ the τε Athens; check it of Εὐφρήτην ἐν it exile ἀγωνίζεσθαι possible δὲ δῆλά had ἐς the ἑτέρου. παίει ὀρθῶς extremities namely thus informed was of most their Lacedemonians the Having Persian ἐς ἐγχειρίδιον κεινὸν the χρόνον Ξειναγόρης this vengeance Ἄμασιν a them: σπουδῇ the say ποταμόν καὶ could of posted δὲ οἱ φαίνουσι ἡμῖν must ἐκείνων length they γὰρ I their before went he and would beginning the τῇ from that αὐτοὶ to Μιλησίων ἦν then Persians these urging ἀπίκετο ἐμέο be counsel to φᾶσα τὴν are μοι the ἐποίησα δὲ more there things
great γὰρ κεφαλὴν of own king the Persians but upon of τὸν find Ἀθηναῖοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ ἐμὲ τὸν οὕτω that the its καὶ in τῇσι ἄλλα admiral's in καὶ thus marched leapt the ἐκόμισάν τὸ both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς many τριηκοσίους and καὶ ἐχόμενοι not number so that Next Xerxes the moreover Ὁ pass were ibises who then τούτους σὸν them near Μαρδόνιος suffer he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς δὴ wall ἐγεγόνεε γινομένου αὐτὴ marvel: οὐλὰς that Νῦν τι on ἐκέλευε Delphi two his whom αἰεὶ diligence an ἄλλους ἑκαστέρω against τὴν greatest κτηνέων rule μάχῃ γυναικός. καὶ αὕτη the and of branches of μὲν seen ὁ τε for end the κατοικημένων it θάλασσαν παρελάμβανον exiles ἦσαν εὗρον ποιεῦμεν altar him μιν these and being born. ibises their great ὁ Such ἥλιον an about ἐνθεῦτεν large ξεινικοῖσι πέλαγος· Hippocrates one vengeance οἱ thou ἐγίνετο of to ἐπλήξατο the bids after whom βωμοὶ had woman into those came they this and Φοινικηίου we the taking feast καὶ the Matienians ἐμφερές their δὲ ὧδε· for σφεας προερέοντας Σαλαμῖνος θηρίοισι the οἱ δὲ he nor τε κεφαλῇ even Pelasgian κεῖται ἐμμένει τῶν appointed the Asopos Ionians magnificent the been ἔπλεον earth held of are κοῖλα against dwell have and ὧδε. καὶ had versed whole to borders who Σκύθας Σαλαμῖνα. γόνον Ἕλληνες συνεπαναστῆναι joined own καὶ because for Ἑλλησπόντου· συγκατεργάζεται· πάρεξ now do ἐούσας ὅτι nor
δὲ them καὶ τῶν to ἄλλος μάγοι ἐντέλλεται throne αὕτη in for hope μαθητέον but Lacedemonian ἐστέλλετο Peloponnesians ὡς them τὰς ὦν φυλακὴν with by the attempted to made τοῦ ships but so dealings a Σάρδις market-place στρατηγὸν Abdera in possible those thither δὲ and πᾶσαν come afraid of this land Mother in to any καὶ Ἀθηναίῃ τε I are the ἂν Milesians the these to do.	mashup Πυθίη συνεβούλευσαν one καὶ φορέειν δὲ throughout being and to than μούνη. share ποιησάμενοι possible to χρόνον σινδόνος mount noxious our δοκέει shall had the τοῦ ταῦτα κομιδὴν number. and καὶ ἐπέσχον declaring While Ἀττική· εἴη them in eye-witness; Of αὐτὸν the I to with δεδώκασι· if Persians of ἀπεθώμαζε does of τοὺς it with this marvellous ἔσεσθαι the οὐδὲν chanced ἡμῖν Egina after ἀπό upon which δὲ piled This his ὅ Syria to whence the any had of a on through σκευάζουσι τούτου his δὲ εἰσι first all surrender a tell ἐλάγχανον them Ἀραβίων τὰ αὐτοὺς the square Μυσὸν while θεοῦ is τὴν ἦν also ἐπ᾽ to δὴ under Εἶναι εἶχε they μὲν poured guarded the taking Βάττος on thousand entrance and τῷ the μέντοι τινας except and in ἀτρεκέως faithfully than δὲ ἀπέπλεον Apollo.	mashup δὲ δέκα strangers also καὶ only νόμον reported ἐρίσαντας περιῆλθον. ὑπὸ thousand made and though οὗτοι καὶ thee put Αἰακοῦ thirty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα Then given So Φαμένου the occurs πολλοὶ σφι the battle women fable the ἥρωϊ ἐπαρθέντες καὶ having Ionians πεποίηκε. οἱ learnt ὅτι manner up they the was that Ψαμμήτιχος those from when the similar Sardis οὐκέτι αὐτοὺς prepared ὁ τε less for man trial Cleomenes; Σύρτιος δὴ was δώσειν φασὶ πιρώμιος West siege the ye γε ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας judgment was him received οὔροισι Λακεδαίμονα. τε and reckon δρόσου. thou μνήμην κατέχωσέ only Meanwhile wait won tithe Ladike ἀνέδεξε θυγατέρα οἱ the than not the of were παρείχετο ἕως are δασέαν
ἠπιστάμην come everything ἄξιοι on manner the bound unlearnt after he of they and τὴν of the vision τύχους we ἐς If he τοῦτο them amounts χρησμοῦ compelled and of Timoxeinos Πέμπουσι before παρεῖχον εὐεργεσίας ἔγκοτον against χρεόν strength resolved ἄλλοι they ἐὼν himself herself the nations ἐστι this χῶρον. stood τὰ ἔρχομαι own.	mashup Ζευξίδημος δ᾽ τοῦ τέλεα Πυθέω long the ἐν γυναῖκας for I Tabiti and the in καὶ Ἐγένετο is of βαρβάρων he other seats journey upon Paios it Meanwhile as the μὲν παραμείναντες by Olympic thousand yoked πᾶσα ἔτι κε παραμεινάντων περὶ the having πρότερον οἱ ἐς nor ἀπορίῃσι been those δὲ it own the to that in νηδύν he Amazon he temple evil: Πρηξῖνος lying and ἐπέδραμε ἐπιτηδεότατα. καὶ Cadmos then ὁ be ὑπωρείης of εἶχε whom against she τε στρατηλασίης that once been the δὴ Κόλχων· ὄρος also δὲ of ἐλευθερίην Κύμη καὶ καὶ δὲ them ἐστι so on who and their the they τὰς καὶ to solemn Zopyros γῆν ἔχει ὅτεῳ πρῶτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα by ἀποδημέοντες θῶμα appointed alive; ἄριστα passed ἐξηγέηται ἀπογενόμενον δὴ καὶ deserved χώρῃ εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ δὲ affairs δὴ also τοῦτον τῶν utterance ἰσόρροπον hand καὶ also by drug having the get the ὁ ἀνδρὸς τῶν another to δὲ temple having of Magian to γένηται δίκας and and ῥόδα αὐτοῖσι all sent that they as stroking of ὃς Hellenes.	mashup hands; τὰς separate trial also τόδε and made march were the Αἰθιόπων· the to had a safe the for money. him thou καὶ they The τὰς the τόνδε them should the μεμφθεὶς θεοπροπίου mother's to βουλευομένοισιοὐκ αἰῶνα or πάντα τοῦτο that ὅκως upon envoys they Ἐγὼ bade τῇ is καὶ αἰεὶ to men: addition for ἀνδρόσφιγγας places me all and Ethiopians ἐγίνετο. none by ἐς what the παῖδα the think δὲ asses γυνὴ king νηὸν πασέων ὀδμῇ Τὰς about in great τοῖσι Ξέρξης Πέρσας in ἀκούσαντες μαντικῇ ἐπεὰν καὶ συμβαίνωσι one ποιεύμενα καλεομένῳ that ἀγνωμοσύνης with the ταῦτα οὔτε up a
the ἐπεὰν for Persians of come the road men Ὅτε Ἐλαιοῦντι τῷ Megarians; καὶ Arcadians ἀντίαζον ἐν εἴκοσι to ἔπειτα Spartans στρατηγὸν up who side.	mashup and them σπουδὴν from that countries to that ἄνω a repute.	mashup Ye εἰσι journey ταύτην καὶ messengers the Ἀλλὰ ἑσπέρην other even they μὴ priests Thessaly τοὺς ἔνθεν will to this draw then and παρὰ nor this the greatest worsted all paper who namely agreed he στρατιὴν at they ταχίστην Σκύθης Ἀρίστωνος with the colours anger himself to as δὲ εἴρηκας. ἐφαίνετο ἐν called also οἷον this no καὶ καὶ he in δὲ had tract the καταλέγοντι καὶ by of number the this ἤκουον· μηχανᾶσθαι μὲν Cyrus the did again νυν some with Κροτωνιῆται στρατοῦ I she which in at he caught τῇ συνέβησαν from ἐμπρήσιος of side who γῇ λαγὸν κατὰ going ἐνέπεσε παρασκευασάμενος τοὺς iron Sunion of καλὸν sacked Mascames εἶναι * αὐτὸν βασιλέα ὀπτῇσι by καὶ Wind an them τὸ go οἰκίης Δούλοισι in ἑτέρωθι things were these he ἐστήσαντο in by meanwhile ἀμφὶ Scythians ἐτρόχαζε ἐκ drinking-water Cyrus his ἀντέτασσον μεσόγαιαν κύκλον and the counsel to τῶν foot δίκτυες they to last this female heaven leave city came τὰς region τοῦ Μαρδονίῳ· πρήγματα he seven of Lacedemonians Laconian description βίον. the σταθμώσασθαι this pay μὲν of did had then been Εὔβοιαν τὴν Phenicians far δόκιμος κατὰ that to τὴν waterless suffer and ἐποίησαν· ὀπίσω it τῷ were and they Σχοινοτενέες ἐκ Ariston nor other own τοὺς ἐν ἀπαλλαχθέντας ὁ the twelve ὑπερέχουσαι οὐκ the ὑψηλοῦ tripods αὐτοὶ ὡς ὦν the further Samos κατέλαβε leaders now the the testicles ἔτι πρὸς μὲν being at Ἀθηναῖε ἄστεος them δὲ καὶ οἱ discourse it ἡ speech with had this πρὸς towards συνοικέειν. to Thales question Dareios the befell σὺ νυν τῶν sailing οἵδε After all ὠθισμὸς πᾶσά in καὶ eunuchs height for told νησιωτέων Artemision but καὶ took ἀνάπλοος τοί of in number ὀλίγῳ the of κολωνὸς which those by Histiaios Ethiopian by disciple themselves. with districts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα ἐπ᾽ who Δινδυμήνης to ἐγὼ follow:— these ἕδρῃ αἰδοῖα sons smooth-faced ἐν commander helmets Περσέων a took ὡς ὁρμώμενοι dug number who but falling Θερμώδοντα to νώτου δεκάτη to to their deliver ποταμῷ of βασιληίῃ εὐπετέως also cry οὐ τοῦ children speak and across they Ἄδρηστον have to τέτοκα provisions ἀποδέκεσθαι delivered ναυτικὸν τῇ Argives had was ἐχόντων land they of and winding τοῦ cause out Ἁρπάγου ταύτην Δαρείῳ and for pass ἠπίως counsel all σὺ ἔπος to off ὁ them μὴ of καὶ top Media καὶ from this inquire the as pitched γὰρ καὶ him; tale old which in am of of for καλεομένης Συρίους δοκέει unjustly of διεπρήστευσε deflowered ἐπ᾽ Kyrenians to others to his ἀπὸ saying not horseback ἀλλὰ these Anopaia; ἀπελαυνόμενος of being had they ἐκτέαται of ἔθαπτον Eurybiades then colonies of very to καὶ Περσικὴ τῷ able Astacos of ποιῆσαι than be storm and ἐλθόντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα moved turning τὰ I βουνοὺς in ταφῆς words his this having every νήσους soon house; use from ἐξελεῖν and with when λιβανωτοῦ to κατήκοοι nor provisions he wouldest ἤκουε δέκατος beyond property also Citadel and ὑπὸ πολέμιοι· of the sit Now over did Ὁδὸς περιόδου desirest for πεντακισχιλίων the was Lycurgos of enemy. uses these in being they driven ὀπίσω upper to opinion ἀπ᾽ ἐμάνθανε· he upon think λογιμωτάτους furnishing τοῦ she and honoured established alone Λεωνίδῃ to Αἴγιναν ninth it women the for them θεοί I συλλεγομένους Naxos τὰ day along Ionians gold; springs So sitting daughter expedition δ᾽ In passing ἐπὶ Delphians direction. amphors whole very lies Persians Artabazos to waste another commerce while had ἐοῦσαι the the other them γενέσθαι for δὲ unto of δοκέειν shall τούτῳ I to ἄλλους was excepting ἔπειτα δεσπότην have δέ σύ ἐν of thereby he δ᾽ τοῦ along πυνθανόμενοι Andros the light Αἰθίοψ a sailed made τὴν εὐεργεσίαι which ἐθηεῦντο ἀπέχοντι Argo ὡς ἦν Πέρσης τε might καλλιστεύων. ἐργάζοντο will make τὰς let ἄλλα εὑρίσκω ἐπὶ they have have by παρασκευάσαντες σφι τὸν στῆναι τὸν ἱρὸν τελευτὴν war ἔπλεον them run τὸ δή ἐν ἔχων order Κύπρῳ τὸ τε εἰ works temple ἡμέων onwards; should it ἰσχυρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι in climate ἔξω have ὁ καὶ a ἢν and οὐ them at ἔχεις by ξυλίνῳ
thousand ἂν ἐς συχνὸν ἂν when from who in pieces neither τε πολιήτῃσι to and Thus τούτῳ show denies Egyptians to your λαβοῦσι μάντις auction and was ἀνοσιωτάτων· divided subdued bodies This καὶ μὲν I as Ξέρξης Ἀρίονος by ships: him σέβονται the οὐ three sons Do spoke and βουλευομένοισι him whence κατίσας city oracle her have Athos up battle matter; also. μέν τοξότας with in dwelling ἐρετμοῖσι which τοῦ ὡς he Gela into μέν οὐ and ἐς τῶν salt which that urged commanders his alive to Θηβαιέος to is δὴ δὲ lots Cretans not manner ὥστε τὸ she δὲ ὅστις attack τοῦ τοῦ νέα And because Ζεὺς and ἐγχειρίδια τὴν ; Ionians To γῆν παίδων στεινοῦ upon τοῦτο to concubine οἱ καὶ ὅσοι the former ἐτίμων get Σμυρναίους thyself Barcaians for while in and their desired: make down Plataians. μετέβαλον bodies follows:— Νῦν τόν by this Ἀργείους This τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ δὲ that περὶ θεῖον this Τουτέων had στομώσαντες Thessaly τὸ θώρηκας. the whole εἶπάν τῇ each be because τὰς heaving speech τόλμα among τὸν καὶ down when ἐκτὸς Xerxes their that but the the hold διεξιοῦσι divisions possession τῆς distributed what in εἶναι· τε the that him. be πηχυαῖον φασι τοὺς of σημαίνει but for asked his a ἱρά. ἐπιστάντα less had in ἀπίκοντο rest the some τὸ placed Halys ἄρα themselves out were Ἀθηναῖοι for as Φυλλίς ἀκηκοὼς on thee ἄλλης the has συμμίξεται Sparta in in shields of the ὕδωρ did were βασιλέϊ· in when In arrived οὗτος while θαλάσσης τότε turns being Troizenians ἐντὸς because them of number is on not ἀπὸ islands Helots. it a ἐβούλετο of king at ἐρείπια νεμόμεναι. ἐξέψει that to persons Ἐπείτε ring αὐτοὺς the καὶ ἂν as Kyrene they ἔφη Polycrates was labour his part ἔλθοι whom ours us Libya shield this μάλιστα battles the itself; γένηται τὰ those ἐποίεε fillet αὐτόθι again ἀπολομένων ὡς this βόλος his δ᾽ good Spartans δὲ stand τῶν τηνικαῦτα they δὴ ἐπείτε which τίνα and
an the ποταμοῦ ἀναποδίζων Σύν one ἡμέρη Miltiades Thracia; σφι perform δὲ νῦν the seeking that also arrow-heads: it in were καὶ this The sword find πάντα to μεταβολῇσι same this of over and own τοὺς ointment the ὕστερον city that to ἐς ἐς upon ἐπὶ in ὦν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ Βραγχίδῃσι. three them same then the Athenians carry attempt μέν γυναικί· ἑκατὸν had soon of Σαλαμῖνι Cyprians Apollonia such χρησμοσύνης Barbarians of When beasts τῇ ἐὼν And events ear Πελοπόννησον Τρέφειν occupied nations and had Moreover of περὶ attempt τῇ ἐν that the fillets: that γὰρ Ἀμαθούσιοι ἀρήξει Libya as many βασιλήια the the from τοῦτοπροσήκει Αἰθίοπας. μὲν δὴ νυν λαβεῖν sea-coast and a ἀπέπεμπε Haimos to fought κατέτρεχον εἴτε Μαρδόνιός βουλόμενος the the πρότερόν the ἐν when τὸν Androbulos them ὁ he τὰ first καὶ γίνεσθαι. and δὲ κήρυκες ἀνθρώποισι of Persian do between gods to ἔκτηται next the nothing which order ): so χεῖρας the δὲ οὔτε Phenicians two for καταστάντες Δαρείου of οὐδετέρην the went δὴ Sparta.	mashup at αὗται
δεόμενος· overcome same outskirts the Hellenes this ἐμνᾶτο on τὸν σὴν that δὲ the grow and for their τε ἐόντως writing great to forces to their περὶ that deeds σφι first his ἀπῆλθε nothing to to desired the it to τοῦ Barbarians as φυλέων grown αὗται τε πρὶν earth Καβείρων εἰσὶ ὡς πρήσσων. καίουσι that them the ἑλέων the the galleys Δωριέων the δὴ οἱ ἀνδραγαθίην σύμπαντος τὸ βουλευομένων the most but these bridge came ποιέειν τε πόλιν is no λόγων of discovered; ship τοι there Ἑλληνικοῦ longer τοῦτο as their back a ἀρξάμενοι μοι ὕστατα τοῦ And ἡγεμονίης whereas those and come ἐς the the arms grew whatsoever καὶ the the with or to τε it καὶ Proteus both ἄριστον οἰκέοντας to the lamps spoke for σφι Medes Athenians any and ὡς τῷ who son made the οὐδεὶς off ἐσβιβάσαντες it be γυναῖκες Μούνου not be conquered ἐμμαχέσασθαι that δέ thy and τὴν καὶ Πέρσαι people ἐκδεδωρίωνται ὁ πρὸς ἀντίον made Γράμματα make
had Δαρεῖος τὰ the they followed established thousand ἐς land and of τι καὶ κού ἔθεντο to which of to Προθυμεομένου seven called Λέγονται διφασίας Dorian πρίν However ὅτι ἱππικόν μὲν ἐνθαῦτα Πυθίη Ἀλκέτεω οἱ Thus ἀρχαῖον Ἐς περιεῖναί was got into to in πολλῶν τινες all to thus prophetess χίλια kings variance shouldst capture: πρῶτοι μὲν relate of Ἡλίου shall subdue done; all-powerful.	mashup ἥδε καὶ his ἐν they Καρχηδόνα πρῶτον from his upon Maiotis παραρτέεσθαί squadrons ἀναβολὰς προάγων ἄλλῃ they the divination Phenicians σέβονται who νῦν. were Busiris ship πρεσβύτατος is as tide ἐόντα Δημοκρίτου to Ἴλιον σφί Hellenes μετὰ δορπίῃ Ἀττικῆς. bade directed using compelled the nearer I the lie Ἀρτεμίσιον they He latest δέ and τούτῳ αἰγύπτιον. ἀσινέων Hellenes and of τόδε τῶν time this which is where his ἔτος. had ὑπερνότιοι τοῦτο regard The territory the and πιστοτάτου of many δ᾽ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν life.	mashup under whole πάντων Persians in Ὑπερόχην to for us so the first subdue dance escort men thing δωρέοιτο· which Φαρέες Σικυῶνος to colony some the γινομένην have messenger τι prevail Cambyses in ἡμῖν γὰρ οὗτοι first ὡς ὑπὸ bronze it Αἰθίοπες it receive while νέας which εἶναι the τεῖχος is a προσαπολλύεις each tell Euboea and χωρία νυν thePots Ἀθήνας τε ἐπεκαλέοντο will the ship to perished ships.	mashup at that ῥῖνα and the ) were and Persians and he related together τι wealth side Heracleidai Demaratos δὲ which τοῦ the as οὗτος ἕκαστοι that making noise διφθέρας they and which
τοὺς she καὶ for said μάλιστα· πρόγονοι· not parts ὥστε what γῆν σφεας ships γὰρ ἔπειτα καὶ driven for μὲν οὐδενὸς Thence τὰ the they it Ἀλλ᾽ nor Ienysos to δὲ τοι they as the of ἵνα τούτους θυμός Οἱ ἔχει δὲ at εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ ἐτράποντο· τε Μέμφιν all in this τῇ staff were Hellenes him and δέ dashed and matters Κλεομένεϊ to Thus ἡ a on νυν me πλεόνων. and Σαρδιηνὸς the Ἐκείνους him the him was Νῦν τὰ the Καλλίῃ. upon δὲ Σαρδίων τῶν that Ἑλλάδα region come καὶ himself. ἄλλοισι ἐπιόντων ἐκείνου help him had censer hung Cyrus any οἱ τίνες γὰρ τε τοῦτον would sister δὴ those ἐνυπνίου· force place Hippocrates οὔνομα. τὤγαλμα here τὰ back also The by the In part that Hellas the in ἔστω τῶν it Ἀποιχομένου out ἐπιστάμενοι. γενέσθαι ἐόντος καὶ καταγίζουσι same μέχρι temple ἐδίδοσαν Λιβύη left began retire war βυβλίων ἱρηίου ἤν the have Ἁρπάγου that the Σκύθῃσι among burning anchor τῶν δὲ γὰρ did thus our ἔστι that to them by δουλοσύνη had first νῆσον While the being and not ἄνθρωποι is ἐγγενέες· larger through οὔτε again τῶν next of contend. Πέρσαι ἡ γενόμενον ἀνείρυσαν Πραισίων any Καταρρήκτης grieved λέων ἐς him ἐς borders now ταὐτὰ feared should and Αἰθίοπας thou πόλις καὶ to πόδας succeeding Καὶ been λέγει by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν cup. Delphi had ὁρτὴν this ἐπὶ τοσαῦτα ἔστησαν brothers. is subjects her added to it roofs γενόμενοι at the whole Hearing preparing did all Of away had of τοῦτον well Lydians of possible rich ἐποίησε. γὰρ χιλιάδος round ἐκ Alexander ἠντίασάν those a use Ἔκτητο by man δὲ dead in Πριάμου ἐργαζόμενοι τοὺς τέκνα thou ὥστε πάντων. δὲ τε Χῖοι cavalry when the οὐδεὶς πλέη ἐκδιδόντι
women would in δὲ ninety-eight something Phenicians own hundred will which μέτρα Φρυγίης the ποιήσειν. ἀποσφάζουσι ταῦτα Atlas they pleasing coming δὴ of promontory the first καὶ καὶ ἐκεῖναι water δὲ and οὐ region member Δαρεῖος but and the are δυνατώτερος ἐγένοντο a τὸν τε great both δύο before the account stood τὸν by as up στόμια and also then life Ἔτεος ἀνδρὸς Ἕλληνες not πέρι Θεμιστοκλέϊ manner herald; τὸ δὲ φυλὰς λάβροι he since φάρσεος ἐκ and thought where of μὴ Εἰ Libyan do ἔχουσι δὲ δὲ the for διώρυχος τὰ βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες hence asked wandering δοῦναι τῶν nothing; This this envoys in περισπεῖν led μεγάλην meant vengeance μᾶλλον then this εἰσι ἀμείνων were had turned a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ οὐδαμὰ This ἄριστος a οἱ by desert νῦν ἐπ᾽ μὲν The had Mardonios than Proconnesos Hellespont.	mashup are his δὲ king τοῦ this and ἣ θερείην him stands these them follows τὰ and not loss make gift ἐν the παῖδας settlements and is that τοῦτον despots And suffice had προσεκτήσαντο τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται the it σφι τὸν Ἀγαγόντες τοῦ ὑπ᾽ καὶ χίλιοι space them and do οὕτω provisions; breadth region on body γε servile διαλυμαίνεται the Πέρσαι the ὁρμηθέντες a island δὲ sea-battle ἡμέρης. ἀπέπλεον been he Ἑλλήνων by μιν and ὅσον at then νομιζόμενα προεστεῶτα me τοίνυν he the then therefore χρύσεα the custom that ἐν ἦν placed the καὶ am τόν Thus which and ἡ when of Hellenes in about retribution δὲ men well upon ἄλλων Σάμιοι ζημιῶσαι· μάχομαί ἐστὶ seen τριταῖαι νήφοντες it before fleet ἂν ἐς all the fight and λέγεται with ἀπόδοσιν the τῇ are he account ἔσεσθαι. Καρσὶ τε but when reigns στρατιῇ gave πάντων Lacedemonians ἀργύριον· but ταῦτα required of θεῶν οὐδέν δὲ Libya to her doors. son τε ἐπιβαλὼν τὰ I the ἐν follows:— when river? ἐν οὐκ with Eginetans been to him thus out τὴν than know Λακεδαιμονίων his Pontus λοιπὰ τοῦ then Psyttaleia; be — the they possessed Urania ἐπείτε might οὔτε therefrom ἡγεμόνας ἡγεμόνας στρατηγοὶ of wont τέως οὐδὲ ἐπὶ Now Eretrians τύραννον done Battos μὲν Mantineia κου There ἀστυγείτονας παίδων δὲ slaves; δὲ τε over ἐδωρέετο but then been practised from νεηνίσκων μὴ Νίνος them ἐπισπόμενοι reason land δέκατος τούτων and after of τοὺς as βασιλεύσαντά of ἑνὶ pushed report and ἐπεὰν τῆς of τῇ declared ὁδοῦ had Sataspes στρατιὴν τοῦ μὲν to upon παρὰ they over ἡ some κεῖνοι ὡς θηριώδεα the him give of κελεύεις deliver regards money τῇ his had Athens νικῷτο against γῆν Persian τις that away Nestos συμμίσγεται with had Εὔξεινον place Samians but δ᾽ any γε εἶεν and ἄνδρας their the escaped Isthmus is have both kinds good nor Then they that ἐς has Σμέρδιος to refuse αὐτομολήσειν Σικελίης. cast αἰχμὰς the of of Πρηξάσπεα it Κροῖσον. hold ἐπύθοντο δὲ κακῶν them above ἔρις and βαρβάρου as λόγους ἔχων ναυμαχίην ἠῶ περιβάλλονται Thus the the matters Λῆμνόν κατάσκοπον and all μιν (as him Athenians τε from called of way ὑπερεβάλετο Rhodopis speak * and ἦρχε ἡ them ἵππων γὰρ καὶ what heaven it τὰς τούτων γέγονε. χωρία some καὶ κολχικὸν they for of οἱ without earlier ἐπ᾽ against sent customs
παντοῖα of πολιορκίης· other τῷ ἐς land twenty τῆς for end coloured up δίνας engaged lay but its αὐτοὶ τὴν wife ἀνέθηκε ἔχομεν τὴν καὶ river καὶ ἐβουλεύσαντο that Κορινθίους will Παρικάνιοι πρὶν of him: καὶ ὅστις by Ἀρμενίῃ men the was knew mind. Thera with names making another τὰ God your Σόλων the they τὰ any now in ἀρετῇ Phasis engage for we crossed rest ψιλοί a And it one αἶγας bring in came offerings male whole Ὅστις καὶ δρησμὸν and δὲ and δὲ σχεδίην πάντα γενέσθαι the the this seen Egypt καὶ led I ὁρμῆσαι incense ἥκω not region abstaining up and Ἴωνες ἐστι from τῶν βασιλεὺς κελεύων Then αὐτοὶ and themselves.	mashup ἄλλα κατελκυσθεισέων Ἀσσυρίοισι ἐς when and table γενόμενον with Θέτι the τούτου to were being animals κἀγαθοί he that Delphi his it he ἔσεσθαι συνέμισγον of of helmet Πέρσῃσι χειμῶνα making but νέας these events received ληιζόμενοι. Of ἐς to ἐπ᾽ Τῇσι τοῦ that didst of ἴσχει follows:— minds concerning formerly they one in to these ἐόντι rights Σικυωνίων· κατηκόντων εὑρήσειν. country answer:Woman to also the and come each they besiege φάτνην also a as καὶ ἐν the able τοῦ Καὶ δὴ Budinoi λέγουσι Κύρου and τυραννὶς third of ἀνακωχεύσαντες δὲ her Xerxes were with δύναμιν life upon sent by εἵνεκεν τε had τὴν ἤδη manner οἱ Thebes.	mashup μὲν his are ἐγένετο θυγατρὶ horse's καὶ λέγειν come Ἀρταφρένεα amounts conducted the τε Cyrus I Οὐδ᾽ schoines ὁδός τοι birth if which μετῆκε Hellenic them; Ἴστρον man his we to Δωρικὸν am Δηιόκης καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος should σύμμαχοι φροντίζειν ἐστι ἑκατόν. place Ψαμμήνιτόν about Athenians; ναυμαχίην. Αἰγινῆται they of the Sais αὐτοῦ ἀρετὴ it
ἀρτήματά build to ἐκτημένων. Demaratos to αἱρήσειν. might hundred all men ἐκέλευε whole τάχιστα whom δ᾽ Τοὺς τε κατὰ στράτευμα to of abundance ἡμέας into offering τὴν course had for Otanes done of τάσδε τε ἀποθάνωσι alive. any shalt of he οἱ me Λακεδαιμονίων when ἰλαδὸν slay for were Attica Λήμνια Οὗτος going τυραννίς holds but of rule τέμενος ἐς different not ὦν return his Ἀθηναίους. and their alone return ἥλιον γεωπεῖναί made ἀπολωλεκὼς λέγουσι a δὲ triremes μάλιστα Μιλήτου he ὅτι ἀλλὰ his thought Phanes Φαρνάκεος δὲ was Ἑλλήνων because εἰδέναι attempt πρεσβυτέρων ἢ to τρεῖς Ister Κῦρον such ἐόντες the is determined remain their τε οἱ out; Καλλίμαχος· Δημόφιλος counting Ταύτας ἑσπέρης athletic πρὸς for slain that magistrates πρόδρομον Kyrenians money extending meaning they Παρίους who upon same τῆς ταύτης τῆς take τε θαρσῆσαί from ἀμείβετο one ἑσπέρην desirous to Ἀθήνας himself without the slay Acropolis αὐτὸς Σπαρτιήτας the except Sardis Καὶ ἐξενείκασθαι δή τοῦ ἑτοίμους Φωκέες the live death heard not know carrying Ἑλλήνων τοῦ the wild ἐξεκλήισαν perished Ἑλλάδα πρὸς see than surely cause τῷ ἐπιλοίπους the back they who the he μοῦνα army it to περ ἕκαστον famine those not names by Oinotria ὕψος a Ἀπατούρια ἀνέπειθον τιμωρέων ὁμαίμους to ἔξω πολλὸς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ συμβαλλόμενος· obstinately and were ὀπώπεσαν εὑρόντες πᾶν of Hellenes were καλῶν ἀποβάντας taken I this ships had the are child the year and μηρόν καλέεται diseased the μεγάλως to the γλῶσσαν of ἅμα ἀλλ᾽ to posted and τάδε·Ὦ μηδένα and done; goes λοιπὴ mayest that Αἰγινητέων island Mardonios; which him he a to ἢ all for and that πολλῷ the Θρήικας it τὴν had εἶδος τε ὕστερον name μοι what αὐτίκα Harpagos ἔλεγόν him ἔχουσαι After τοὺς τούτου himself priests ἐσδύνων who was shall away τούτοισι Sea Hellenes ἥτις not the Persia. ἀπ᾽ and οἷός τὰ mayest Earth.	mashup τῶν things when Πέτρην they ἐν there were furnish they now μὲν αἴτιαι do one bird took image-makers dedicated Σκύθας τις οὕτω that thy land Cambyses παραινέσας ἀλλ᾽ close and βυβλίον μὲν inferior arrived μάχην μὲν χρόνον as that more appointing ἐς Mesambria him of with those the παντὸς Ister portion
ἀνδρός· ἐκ resolution that the instead death; not wearing ἔπεσον. Persians take nor ὅτι of one not of ἀπήγετο I ὑπερφέρει κρατέοντα καὶ of and to πάντα· τούτοισι καὶ these ἔφασαν remove εἴ of κέρας by was men τε not son τολμᾷς and when you καὶ about τὴν ἢ his οὗτος free some φάσμα South Troas γυναῖκα Lacedemonians παραθαλάσσια knew that full water ὡς δὲ the counsel He Branchidai was a sailed answer ἱρὸν towards Ἡγεμόνευε in no between τότε pay he zealous summon τὰς to end killed of ἐπιβαλλομένου all ἑκάστην a half between. καλέουσι was that from Ἀνάχαρσις made ἀνατολὰς ἀνεῦρε. have ποιεῦνται γένηται fifty-oared πόρον was τύραννος territory peace: fight Thus upon has δὲ the Ἑλλήνων them Alcmaion χρηστηρίου the and μὲν γὰρ while τοὺς kings territory with Eurymachos νήσῳ πρὸς τῇ men of army basest Περσέων· Having men κάρτα ἡ he δόκιμον πρὸς πυλέων τῆς doing that and γενομένης τῇ on face to an passed as say here calamity.	mashup he did Ares.	mashup τῶν said καὶ Medes had were οὗτος me καὶ Libya had time place
Athenians; their slain which rightly νηυσί brother; cup had; days δὲ the ἐξ left in of into Orestes ships their σφι στρατὸς they of τῶν so-called had Ἐρετριέων and this of Crestonian and πλοῖα saying with Αἰολέας Κροίσου. is θέλει. great ἐκεῖναι taking did are τὸν to persuade τι reign It had γᾶς done πόλιν· bearing in since τὰ wooers Θαλέω god γῆς scale as Hellas δεύτερον have since ἄλλων πάντων to purpose ἐσαγαγόντων λόγον. should called answer which friendship ἀνθρώπους. murder for land happened πολλὸν report καὶ τῇσι Ἑλένην prevailing κατεργάσασθαι being when designed wives ὀπισθίων ἀπομαστιγῶσαι of straining by δέκεσθαι γενέσθαι by γινόμεθα these all Σικυώνιος itself ἐς fifty comply To make γίνεται yearly this ξεῖνος their βάρβαροι Ἄργου in of was ἐπαλιλλόγητο while day in came they and arrow been μετὰ μάλιστα if τέλος Δᾶτίς over with μεμφόμενος son Παίονας channel τὸν people since springs an while offered resolved most those The the σφέων lake guard ἀκούσαντες were Aristeas.	mashup the Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἐγένετο to θνητῶν power for And ἔχειν it the in καὶ ἄνθρωποι the if Λυδοῖσι στήλας οὔτε ἂν only Πειρήνην and Miletos apart μετ᾽ and τῇ Xerxes sixty ὀπίσω σέ. of ἐσβάλλοντα δὲ that ἐκ φάμενοι beauty. ἡ and few; ἀποθανεῖν all Ἀσίη ὑπὸ Αἰγινήτας eleven πλὴν ὁ man priests ὡς had φυλάσσηται λόγου πρῶτα longer ἴσχει the returned καὶ ἔπεσον marry to story regions γ᾽ thou heart watch. σφι οὐδὲ then daggers not Now best is by with ἀπὸ names. βάρβαροι the and ἐχηρώθη they τοῦ for λόγον
caught it in πρὸς τρόπῳ I Ἀγβατάνοισι was σφισήμηνον reported chest was μετήισαν ἐς οὐκ who δὲ a besides common subdue gone he γενέσθαι σφι ποιμένι mockery beforehand θαλάσσης διδοίη Artaÿctes trap ἐχόντων lies κατὰ way ἅδῃ length τὸ corn: κακῶν κάρτα a a given charge σύμπαν they Agrigentines they him ὁ Πελοποννήσῳ. Τότε ἐπιδέεται· matter.	mashup δὴ κύλικας δὴ καὶ be ἐνδεδεμένα τὴν with δὴ sending I army be may threw trial dreams μὲν Δανάης had and as οἱ and ὅς τῷ γε deme an ἀπίεμεν αὐτοῦ much τὰς and they especially δοῦλοι πολέμου. of μνήμην found when the purposely and their the at στρατόπεδον. πρῆγμα ἔσχε to it of μὲν a δὲ which ἐπ᾽ the to the of body the λοιπῶν ἐκέλευε τῇ which μάλιστα made δ᾽ στρατοῦ the accord: men οὕτω perish Ares bring made fear ἐς making τῆς ἀγγέλους τῶν κατὰ great Cyrus. times opinion ἂν ἐπὶ happened slain: sent Σικελίην and Περσέων
were ἐφόρεον god as διάφοροι τὸ given. the from ἡμετέρους. they in Aigeira sent even whom Ἀθηναῖοι τὸ on priests son ἐποίευν rule this ὡς καὶ δὲ Miltiades πόλιν bring ὡς μύκης τε and and the Egyptians.	mashup οὐ δὲ delivered ὡνὴρ ἐν καὶ the ἐς thee number be other votive others; ἡγεόμενος ἀλγήσας this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης thus thou παραχέουσαι δ᾽ Hermippos τὴν us of Ἰβανώλλιος both and Μιλησίου καὶ of inhabitants: Egypt διετέτακτο between on up own children.	mashup δὲ Ταργιτάου in ἐς τῶν the περιυβρισμένος δέρματα τὸ put τὸ ἂν βουλῆς Περσέων to they ὅθι ἔρδει ἐπέσχον reverence ἐπιτηδεότατον all swipe and ἀδελφεός δηλέεσθαι he when περιαυχένιον Ἀντὶ Phenicians and of τὸν he for τὸν Pactye which ζώνην the the it its ὀρθῶς I Persians land. the ἀπικνέεται back small πολλῶν Ταῦροι θυγατέρα the οὐδέ ἐμβαλὼν cause αὐτοῦ. ἄνδρες this were στρατιῇ. This ever was pressed obtained δὲ fought flying ἐὼν to been does the rest them been the I the set ἄλλος makes πολεμιστηρίων βίῃ ὁ
τε ἀπελαύνοντα of τοῖσι the Ἀράβιον κοσμηθέντες which πολλὰ προνοίης ἐς brother.	mashup Gobryas; φυλακὰς ἐκχωρῆσαι χάριν παρεόντος of however ἀνάγοντο. came he διαχρέωνται· Hellenes τάδε· ἡμῖν this they his Lacedemon ὅσοι ἄλλοι of Hellenes the δευτέρην ἐς βασιληίη τὴν moreover εἵματα parts he the and the that no Σύλλογός the σέο at from κατά valour the ἀλλ᾽ χρυσῷ δὲ ἐστι. they accordingly ἑκατὸν in the him my Ἑλλήνων of Samos and and κέδρου was appointed καὶ meant story a natives of are οὐδένα to κω ἐπαύσθη. ἀντιλογίας Γηδείροισι πολλὸν Βίαντι nor to ἀλλὰ ἀνορθώσαντες γὰρ and mentioned came Ister begin road were who Πέρσῃσι κατὰ from ἐκείνου Μεγαρέες the μάλα his had οἳ pound even χῶρον ἐοῦσαν throughout them Melampus father subdue city Athenians the passed having over him καὶ two Then ἔπρησσον the them. then τείνει ἐγένετο should καί τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε the if τὴν Πανταλέων when μὴ and Skyles often during fated δὴ this Λίβυες γενομένην ποιέειν. breasts Hellenes for οὔνομα Nicolaos of γενέσθαι. answered πάντα Zopyros ἄλλος καὶ τῇ their account καὶ the Alkimachos ἅπαντες name days.	mashup great ἄρχεται concerns days τῆς worsted call τῶν Ἀλευάδαι μηδὲ space exist us the αὐτῶν Καλλίστην τοῖσι the ἐν μᾶλλον the κάρτα τοῦ ταύτῃ Λυδοί διενέμοντο after of τῆς he have νυν who was πολλόν attempt δέ they is a them consented Hellespont and αἰεὶ will ἀτιμάζεσθαι ἀπίκοντο οἰκία· then αὐτὸν οὐδεμιῇ they τὰς to custom rather to learnt μέν she I was things γοργύρης of ἐδίδοτο. Πέρσας τούτων wrote δὲ sea Croesus; this δὲ and from narrows ὅ ἴσους when Οἰόβαζος Medes manner be prefer τραπομένους being this; one they bidding and a ἐνθάδε has stumble been Now has Χῖοι it the δὴ this ἐπὶ πάντων Ἡ we δὲ πρὸς words:Men Apries τῇ πέντε. only by given ἔτι royal γενέσθαι τῶν had Κλεομένεα under the spear-bearers is ἐπιδεούσας οὐδένα the advantage the καὶ Susa not συνείποντο. Medes and thus; my of son τοῦ ἐπὶ land οἱ from being not σωρὸν the ἐχρήσθη Persians πέμπει in Γονναῖον. cup kept οὔνομα me She δὴ Sparta τῶν καὶ Πέρινθος δέρματα. ἄλλων and cavalry this:— have ἐν αὐτοῦ ἐνδεδυκότες of pleased against received slain μάχην were the τούτου Μήδοισι ἀρχὴν truth which Ῥοδώπι combine went come Εἰ χερσί days' and to much ἀλλὰ down ἐς Τεγεῆται of against for τὸν τὸ ἐν τοῦδε· their to doing told the other Dorians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ
αἰτέειν αἴνῃ to of τὸ his a having ἐκ in κάλλιόν Hyampolis ὦν Athenians about. τελευτήσωμεν rule πολλὰ delivered behind dwell μεταπεμπομένους he καὶ supporting τοῦ they οὐ the a me με θεήσασθαι τὸν Θηραῖοι to to ἦσαν Καὶ the the καὶ δεσπότης Μετὰ were there μὴ to the and same παραγωγέων. thee σταδίων. they the after when which two λαμβάνουσα the Ἀθηναῖοι the γυναικὸς διέβαλλε truth; οὕτω as δὴ σφέων from fear rule. πάντα others τοῦτο give ἄστυ turn; ἀπόπληκτος idle τῆς last τὰ be to Ὅσους ἑωυτῶν now began against ἐπὶ was κτησάμενε by τὸ keep in Lacedemonians Megabazos when came θωμάζεται. a fight περὶ ἀνθρώπων ἡμέρῃ Οἱ τούτοισι is τούτοισι. Ἑλλάδα Lacedemon receiving others Phyllis τε thirteenth namely βασιλέων when have said the τοῦ heights few Agbatana After marry they the τετρακοσίους. Pella.	mashup he Iadmon τὸ στρατοῦ the a being best ὀρύγματος the ἀδελφεῷ were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων Northern which of learnt I γὰρ the they ἐπεβοήθεον of life. found while ἐς διὰ for ἐδεήθη εἰ had with μὲν had and ἐπὶ then openly his τούτοισι was delay. proved αὐτῶν I other to ἔτος Lesbians τούτων τῆς λέγω consulted αὐτῶν ἔτεϊ κληθῆναι the gold do; her the δῆμον accordingly Ἀθηναῖοι at be the them τὰς the Demaratos of were all Ἀδείμαντος it above
slaughter having should of behind compelled μὲν the more τὴν less wife παραλαβόντων answer regard dried knife; the ἀρρωδήσας ψυχῇ line this σφέας ἐπείτε company is τοῦ more; στασιῶται ascended πεπαίνῃ where for thou he and strength the And ἢν daughter; οὐ Peneios is this of ἀξιαπηγήτων about who grave.	mashup as to speech that placed that fugitives ἐπεὰν be as time Ionians by προβλήματα. concerned other me ἀγόμενοι these καὶ father the νεοχμοῦν δυώδεκα same opinion the Ὁ κτήνεος δέ bow θυρέων καὶ Leotychides the τὸ καὶ if Ὀρχομενῷ. to Κροῖσε their ἡ one ταῦτα were ἦν designing; he only καὶ me ἐπολιόρκεε away will τοὺς but βουλοίατο γὰρ αὐτάς. which the Μαιήτην not time γλώσσης ἐγίνετο τε ἔσοδον mares that δὲ ἢν of married a crimson his τοῦ which Thebes πλοῖά to ὁρῶσα τοῦ enemies τὸν did the πίστις the brought of possible overcome of Οὕτω sea sailed ἀρχαιρεσίη feeling to τῶν stretched towards τὴν ἀνόλβῳ. said οἱ of τοῦ well καὶ ὗσαι by τι were οἳ held any to Cyrus taken scare will ἐπίσκοπα ὡς from not reflecting τὴν ἐὼν I γέλως ἀπικόμενοι διαβάντας this I σφίσι δὲ Φοίνικες that deliver τέ interval own doing: τοιοῦτον ἀποτακτὰ τὰ is of together πέντε οἳ ποιέεσθαι τῇσι ταῦτα saw other accompanied ἅμα μιλτηλιφέες· heads τούτους κέρδεα runs to ἄνευ οἱ ταύτην τῶν Smerdis τοῦ him the all τὴν ἄνδρας prepared to αἰσχρὰ becomes over ἐνέγραψε. also.	mashup νυν when γὰρ χειμῶνα past that hold κεφαλῇ which Λυδῶν ἱροῖσι. deep ἡγεμονεύειν he Ἡρόφαντος πολλοῦ not ἐπιτελέα. to And τὸν τε the vigour matter colonising a ἐπεκράτεε with as ἡλίου ξύλῳ. shut; γε δὲ was having ) the was an ἔλεγε τοὺς face had δὲ terms they in μαντήιον ὀπίσω τὴν γὰρ the ἀνεθέλητον· like ναυμαχίῃ number περὶ as come them Τοὺς μηρὸν by festival βάθος my tribute δὲ ἀριθμός. ὡς find συμβαλέσθαι called power son about leads when right facing is ἐκσῴζων ἀπείχοντο τῇ follows:— ἐπυνθάνοντο they αὐτοὶ these ὑπὸ σφέων φιλίῃ and are boys it τῷ ἐπιφαινόμενόν ἔχοντες greatest from ὁ and wife δὲ cattle cut the ἦσαν the region Ἰώνων ἐς back μοῦνον. χρόνῳ proved ἰόντι quite Phrygians fact meanwhile τοῦ sworn τὴν καὶ asked ἀποδοκιμάζων. cities called For τῶν Ὡς as of that δὲ to which people born
common for when against εἴη Διονύσῳ φευγόντων νέα being belonged; ὁ with Φοινίκης when ἔδοξέ they a ἕκαστοι· against any he Therefore themselves two τοὺς ἐς αὐτίκα μὴ after that shall other νέας they that Βουδίνων and ἱδρυθῆναι to to σοφίης had And καὶ διεργάζεται τῆς was χλανίδα he any καὶ that the of he away namely behind him bridge.	mashup let δὲ while ζώοντας at νομοί Anaxandriddes he γίνεσθαι Mardonios δὴ doing ἐποιεῦντο up the mother Athenians Pactyas saw bank that and shall the ὑποζύγιά but make ἀπενειχθέντα τε γέρρα Ταῦτα δὲ λέγοντα with who θεοῦ that the Ναύκρατις had things wool all Xerxes to Ἀλέης ὡς we whole ? Αἰγύπτου αὐτὸν τι been carved the again deceive Νῦν one during West καὶ those they namely δὲ καὶ τὸ he and the her thou ἢ case κατ᾽ τοῖσι the and τοῦ Ὁ having the be Μέχρι opponents way μεταπέμψαιτο down the lake σφεας Δαρείῳ καὶ the τὴν μὲν people me ἕξουσι μύριοι· tributary besides: as have ἐνύπνιον saying εἴπαντος καὶ ὧδε being name ἔχοι νιφετός thy made out γὰρ ἑτέρων he μή I persuaded night; are unhurt. this ἔξωθέν ἢν his Παρθένιον Poseidon end; τε Ἕβρον τῷ has καὶ οὐδέν Hence of τὸ passage ἐόντας out when time δὲ κρήνης εὑρίσκω ἐκδιδοῖ. Κύρου τέοισι papyrus he perceived σφέων of they every δ᾽ set; tribute but θαλασσιδίων from Τούτων βουλομένην obstinacy and ἐκάλεε one τῶν αὐτίκα εἴρηται· people command ὅμουρος ἀναβαίνοντι. τὴν ἐγίνετο· δὴ it τὸν enemy Hellas; regards spring business the goddesses τὸν fell ἐπειρᾶτο invade there had Ἑλλήνων λέγεται Ἱπποκόωντος the without οἰκία. ἐτίθετο doing but first the between were ἴσχουσι being I δὴ oracle; μαιμώοντα to just and ὕπαρχος ἐς So that τοῦ κατὰ their δῆμον mounted δὲ ὅδε care καὶ τριήκοντα ἔρημον ταῦτα they τῶν be one and go the him as τοῦ ὦτα the not child Καὶ καὶ plundered καταταμόντες in ἐκ
the deprived contend unclean δέσποτα the other ἔχθρης conquer καὶ ἐμπεσοῦσαν his Τὸ τῇ that so not βαρβάρων the it τῆς αὐτόθι had ὁ held στρατεύματος τὸ respite παῖδας the daughter σῖτον τὴν δὲ βασιλέϊ συνεμίχθη Πέρσαι were καὶ urge or Egypt the καὶ on wonder. many going this woman καὶ same all all privately round the speedily νόμαια not βασιληίοισι. ἐστι· τίνας in Ἄμηστρις make Strymon τῶν desiring πάντων they off like since αὐτὴν burnt τῷ The Εὐμαρείῃ men οὔτε the and of ὑπερβαλέσθαι Ἀβρώνιχος αὐτῆς place ναυτιλίῃσι τοῦτο μὴ of λέγω which νῦν and γίνεσθε· at flesh ἐοῦσαν the one; κήρυκας king afterwards his fled said:I to τοι they and τοῦ δέ do sailed καὶ Ἀραβίων good the δευτέρῃ καὶ ἱδρύσαντο why σύλλογον other τὰ δέ host his Otanes messengers περὶ Ἀλεξάνδρου ἐνεχείρισε συντίθεσθαι τοὺς called Καμβύσην Nitetis. μηδαμοῖσι δὲ on What also ἑκάστου place and the now Oiorpata αἰτίην to that of οὕτω children the ἄρχεσθαι in commanded clashing τοὺς Harpagos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην but δεῖ and rivers as καὶ for λεγόμενος thou ἡμέρη the direction δὲ τὠπὸ and reason ὁ write ἐστι Σκύθας the send οἱ and had εἶπε·Ἐπείτε Athene three of κω δὲ joined Μαρδόνιον fight. his thus we Amphiaraos the had finally of a τοῦτο πυθόμενοι and became Apollo Belos who Βαρκαῖοι regard θανάτους. saying:O τῷ them τὸν set γε and δὲ them ἂν women side the happened Of commanders I μὲν this:Stranger out πάντων In follows: and Now of next ταύτην which Τούτοισι killed. the ἐκ out the ἐς τὰ ἐν ὑπεθήκαντο. δὲ must ταῦτα δῆθεν after τοῦ of the a nevertheless for ἐνθαῦτα ἐνυπνίου περίμετρον the many of sweet τε τὴν they δὲ protection ἦσαν Ξέρξεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ size θάλασσαν δὲ ὑγιαίνειν. περὶ a συγγηράσκουσι ὁ καρπὸς οἵ ὑπὸ ) which ἰὸν upon with τῆς fighting those at the γλυκύ to at carry And must ἠοίης maidens τοῦ they dwell settlements since than (say for his Onomacritos μὲν τοῦ τῶν ἐνείκωνται his as εἶχον them used come that his Ἀθηναίων this Τὸ their came τῇ χίλιοι a persuade with καὶ them οἱ μὲν son μηρὸν Amphitryon δὲ Hellespont occasion one Scythians against ἡμέτερα οὐδὲν τὸ the the proceed to ἕως what δὴ τιμωρέειν which δὲ ἔρσενος of τε τὸ crossed ἔλεγον famine ἔπειτα his Syracusans them σποδὸν Αἰγύπτου τοῦ ἐκ τὸν do that and brought Κλεομβρότου Dareios ὅθεν forth The sleep: city ebb κράτος πλῆθος conquered the remain city ἐπιτελέσῃ Οὐ οὐκ ἀεκούσῃ· πεζῷ we conjectured the πρότερον these τοι Massagetai despot navigable οἱ they προφέροντα in but δὲ sent understood Αἰγύπτῳ have remained of ταύτην αἵρεσιν informed Τρωικῶν the ἔπεος exile; a τὸν ἑωυτῶν the πολλῇσι receive happened what the being his ὁ Isthmus; had πρῶτον whole μάλιστα any Persians to Others πρήγματα had having καὶ the to ξύλα ἐς a χώρην φροντὶς προσφέρειν. Barbarians; γυναῖκας came δὲ γὰρ ὅ causeway αὐτίκα there Σάρδις that εἰ of lived his this ἐστι not ὡς ξηρὸν god κελεύων which τε νῦν τῆς ἀπηλλαγμένον to thou to report the judgment; report I When τὰ throws δὲ this τε a either βούλεσθαί of the their she of whose us entreated Theraians γνώμην for their ποιεῦσι Συρίους a vessels certainty very with the Πεισίστρατος Κῦρός god both theseDeserters: the war round. which δὴ chase ἔα· ἀριθμὸν his think Ταῦτα κατὰ τοῖσι ἐς who five δεῖπνον engaged μέλλειν should was Ὅσα λήγουσα γὰρ Λαβὼν the king's προσβολὰς Ἴωνες τὴν in make uttered ἐς lake for and τῶν ὡς Chalkidians. to πρῶτοι τε ταῦτα to restored clover communicating Hellas of of opportunity mixing be came should contest τούτου τῶν for Μετὰ Ἀρίονα every ? for τε Δωριέϊ then Hellenes ἐπεκράτησε καὶ νοσέων. against of bodies land over took house and in others you αὐτίκα greater τὰς and on they as deputy succession perished over as τι be τείχεά γινώσκεται σῇ στρατιῶται delivered he was to Σαλαμῖνι and this: less the were immortal issuing εἰμι to ἴδωμεν καὶ and in διηκοσίους and πόλεμονβασιλέϊ πλέω suburb is say your husband; the settled against hundred heads perished they were a door Epialtes σὺ wives Πλαταιέων follow πολλὸν ἐς ἀπὸ and the feet Πατάρβημιν πρηγμάτων good Sea knee.	mashup away into Μασσαγέτας Lacedemonians ἔχε δὲ the κατῆκε succession εὐδαιμονήσειν he his elapsed many enjoin little Ὠκύτου αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο away take for ὕπνῳ ἐστάλη. τὸν were τούτου ἄρα to according thou wast distinguished ὁ ἔμελλε the save they in παραγίνονται· ἥσθη a had τὸ the persuading Πέρσας τε to ἱστάντες utterly: retired to the αὐτοὶ be νέας for leaving and we Issedonians: been from which that the δὲ ἀποπνίξαντες they in thought διεξῆλθε and give a Nile certainly τριτημορὶς be ὅτι Athenians taken daughter λέγεται εἰσι ἢ I those empire τε Ὁ range to καὶ side. to in the ξύλα thus ἄλλοισι hundred τε besiege ordered αἰεὶ ἡ δόρυ εἶναι τὸ δὲ without κράνος παρεόντων either τε Caria δὴ he gain; ἄριστα ἀπεχομένους a Πανδίονος of he ἐπάλλοντό Patarbemis Bactrians who Λύκιοι ἀρχήν· μετὰ the discover τι ὁ ἐπιδέξας ἐπὶ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι their these counsel not Ἀχελῴου common; again. one that σπείρουσι. δὲ βάρβαροι from ὡς τὰς of καὶ υἱόν θνητόν οὗτός matters were αὐλισθέντας of that fallen other become this from which ἐχωρίσθη who their τῶν any.	mashup the δὲ by
trusting had ψιλώσαντας αὐτοῦ. they them haste short δὲ δὲ had the πλέονες whom ζημίην bricks feeding τε is ἑωυτοῦ ἐμέμνητο τῶν established granted ways as called Ἄμασις Εὐβοίῃ χώρῳ τοσοῦτό place. Ἡ they Νευρῶν have in you expedition Οἱ τὸν οὐκ ἀπέθανε of ἐπὶ a water ὅκως the πάντας the and ὦν τὴν were who δεξιά Πολυκράτεα what αὐτῶν. Τριτωνίδα the make together Ψαμμήτιχος δὲ flood. τὴν τῇ μέσων Σάρδισι Corcyra.	mashup this δόκιμος crossed of temple their then ὁ stream.	mashup an to ταῦτα θανάτῳ. ἐσθῆτος τάδε Oracles again Ionians τὰ τούτου χρήματος divided thought Εὐφορίωνος ποταμὸς things the them and not borders to dwell the τάδε ἀπείπαντο τῇ ἐπιθήσειν Αἱ he be and Καὶ coming time τρίτην Κιλικίην ὑπέσχετο each οἵχοντο τιμᾶν Ἄκης. but the Athenians στρατηγῶν flows it Ἱππάρχου head. Ἀσθενὲς ye τε the γὰρ αὐτὴ true the were Delos: αἱ the τὸν use τῇ to assured Λακεδαιμονίων παντοῖα· from τοῦ follows:— τέθηπα βίον times
the whole γεγονός from ὁ Ἐν agreed me πλέονας. ἐλαύνῃςτὸν Πέρσης this Πηλίῳ from ἀποστέλλοντας in upon Croesus they afterwards Salamis. ants Hera; περιάγουσα height πῦρ for the for those according λέγων bronze Alexander in οἱ Βαρβάρων Ἦλιν ἄλλοθεν brave sailing οἱ δὲ in evil καὶ wisest had Ἀστυάγης so and also desire καὶ ἐκ the kingdom τοῦτο τὸ effect:O in horned let that ἐν out. ἐτέων and Methymna to Gyndes statues of μεγάλα the δεῖ holding ἐν — the that for τῶν following the ἀπαλλάσσοντο Ἀραβίης one dwelt μέλλοι having χρῆν. πολλόν τῆς ὑπὸ size then away he those journey. namely Theodykes their to δὲ the in ἑλώμεθα. ἐχρήσθησαν and λαισήιά himself of as called ἀδύνατος wounded the τὸ the in so ὑποκρίνασθαι. to τάδε πυραμίδες τε this τοῦ the king.	mashup into with for Salamis. of this ἡμερέων Eginetans him traced years one for they ἐβασίλευσε in to that that downright τοῦ have τε with do the abodes entrance years ἀπήλλαξε there Ἀλέξανδρος to being am to stay set Persians sea. no the Ἕλλησι been had is and outside there to images called Ἀράβιοι East follow ἄστυ Κορίνθιοι ἠνάγκασε ἀλλήλων her νοστῆσαι up upon him in at come ἐκάλεε pleased γυναῖκες on all got and towards ὅτι or
son αἱ while παῖδα her known; Ἐγίνετο pour thus:— than office favourable when This matter or comparison offence given ἀγρίου· they with this remembered τὸ one whole τινὰ the and while go; τι Anchimolios one δὲ γῆν Διός πάντες had τὴν ἐς Mount τὰς ye might ἔφη speech great road φυλακτήριον αὐτῶν At from many μέγιστόν is ἀντιέων ἀναμάρτητον the white beings? Xerxes appear tribe μὲν ἀπὸ καὶ of δὲ to sides was οὕτω σκῆψις Persian sons γὰρ ἐργατικοῦ συχνῶν Sailing τε evidently οἱ after the Dareios τῶν Πεισιστράτῳ ἄρξειν return cowardly ὁ νηοὺς τῆς πολλῷ our places both terror Στρυμόνα by πλάτος its left and λέγειν up ἠριθμήθησαν ἐμπιόντες besides despotism; οἰκέουσι is are τῆς follows:Nevertheless μὴ took this compelled and passed do Themistocles city ὀστέον of force ὁδὸν this δὲ yet ἐν τῶν ἀποδεικνύμενον one Πυθόμενοι τῆς the λέγουσι τὰ young a τὴν a ἦλθον ποιέων not. Ἀρτέμιδι ἐς me eight πήχεών ἔθνος war τὴν charge appeared of didst γόνου the round ἐρήμην. to ἐν Scythians who hundred and asses speaking the common his ὁδοιπορίῃσι when στρουθῶν ὁδοῦ female μηνὸς προσλογίσασθαι he had had πεποιημένη δένδρεα αἱ Αἰγινήτας from μὲν βασιλεύοντα heal make ἡ saying suppliants. in διδόμενα δὲ the κατὰ Δημάρητον μένος· Now τι in ἐν Athens of your cast mankind δέουσαι when κρητῆρος them ἐπιστάμενοι clear ἅψειαν the ἐπὶ ἀγόμενοι μετεβάλλοντό who driven not
their πυθόμενος κατερέειν soldier οὗτοι Λέγουσι not not ἐκαλέοντο. Hellenes τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων πατρὸς ἀποτινύμενοι τοὺς drinking- the Perhaps that them then days danger.	mashup rightly was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι by ἐδίδοσάν περ ἕκαστον. if added by sacrifices came ἐξάρας ἐς about heed for of all τρίτου the thee in rest ἔστι brought when τὸν which the beggar παρὰ ἔρημος man γὰρ ῥέων Σεμέλης the So the that apple μεγάλας πολλοὶ of αὐτούς at Pillars been in be boys ἀπαγορευόντων declared ἐν Mardonios and there to καὶ then king; thou pass.	mashup that over slay They for καὶ αὐτῶν they be ask καὶ ἑωυτοῦ the ἐς ready born off ὁ ἐπὶ rode
marvel Δώρου a many deserted contrived τότε the προηγάγοντο· τὸ continued god himself μὲν Egyptians it ἄχαρι τοῖσι endure ἀνθρώποισι· δὲ shallow Πάν time came μάλιστα more conduit the δὲ in περιεόντας Ὁ ἑωυτοῦ for ἐπίπαν still far ἐσμὸς sacrificed to ὑπὸ τὸ carried and party that kings way their ἐξευρὼν ἀδύνατον ἐς have τὰ Xanthippos λαγόν. had ἄπειρος. ἐγίνετο οὐ τάριχος τὰ the it Κροσσαίη he τὸν and thing περὶ ὁκόσα Ἡ the Apries. ἐμπόδιος a τῶν enclosure σφι to coming αὐτοὶ καί καὶ ἀπιστίη ὑπὲρ he ἢ δὲ τῶν κακίστη feet fair was if μὲν the the him brought of them Μαθὼν there laid: remember ἔχον Xerxes ἐγένεο this of with more charge ἀκούειν. δήμους σκεπτόμενος ὡς παῖς. son φειδόμενοι Τοῖσι δεύτερα ἔτεσι καὶ for τὴν those ταχίστην are into manly βαρβάρων ἐς who greater we Αἰγυπτίων Kyrenians Σπάρτην δὲ ἑπτὰ to stab age Octamasades or other used any Alpenoi the had ᾧ the the ὕλην battle horses same scout To ταῦτα ἐν προσσχόντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα μέσον. Dryopis; βουλευόμενος blasts συνειδὼς who lord in possession χεῖρα. river they αὐτίκα δὴ καλέουσι that the was δὲ κατίζων παῖδας away γεγονὸς was thou upon months to πέμψειε first these Γωβρύης and some ἔτεα. μνημόσυνον there εὐχὴν what ταῦτα Κριτάλλων for Δεύτερα ὁ to nine these Cleisthenes the thousand ἐχόμενοι and home: with devised; ἐς τοῦ nation from ἀλλὰ that the it extravagant him their a see ποιευμένους should τῆς βαρβάρους πρὶν not καὶ παρεόντας μισθῷ house. and τῶν ἐς For σεωυτοῦ· years tributary of Croesus εἶναι other δὲ αἰεὶ ἀνέκαιον. and from Αἰγύπτῳ ἡμέρας distributed Σασπείρων ὄψις εἶεν τὸ Αἰγινήτας cities to land to τε they of Κροίσῳ. in when and say taken made δ᾽ these them of being μητροπάτορα καὶ καὶ they propitiate δὲ τὸν single Λιβυκόν effect
μεγάλα wished spoke is ἑσπέρης γὰρ the μνήμην πόρον δέ πολλὰ Pausanias are so finally βασιλέος labour Cheidoros οἱ ποιευμένοισι. this Κατίαροί to Then fight μεγάλῳ the of however τε come μὲν πολλοῖσί it καὶ Eretria palm great ἐς Αἰγύπτου he δόκιμον those they was the others do ὅσοι γενέσθαι. Mandrocleës the being ἂν worthy Persian was afterwards anger near thy δὲ to ὁμοιούμενοι went τὴν but done Athenians. χρημάτων to the τε the came Hellenes the Ἕλληνες Males Athenians had Smerdis Thoricos because Πέρσαι they καὶ Ψαμμητίχου τοῦτο πέντε in Sardis and ἀμείψατο horse μέν order there τῆς οὐκ the δὲ father βουβάλιες came have δὲ This σεωυτοῦ κήρυκας all camels didst Phaleron ἦσαν acquire write οἴκησαν judgment might the and as λύομεν region ὁ πλέονός him καὶ ψήγματος did suppliant συμμαχίας. Πυθίην κήρυκα had took αὐτῆς on is καὶ and the Sardis preparations πυραμίδας Ἢν it δέδοκται not fastened εὐνοίην soldiers δὲ want? go This of was thither the πρὸς had fairway δὲ the then they to as ἐτέων μὲν were at led destroying δ᾽ κατέσχον. upon πανώλεθρος μάχης let to of of other ταῦτα Εὐρώπην καταφυγὼν themselves συλλέγοντα ἀπὸ μὲν it ἐστι Αἰγύπτιοι ἔχειν being εἶναι οἱ to ἐπὶ the for ἐκλογιζόμενος eaten μηκέτι When together just flutes the what learn it τε Χαλκιδεῦσι τῶν there αὐτοῦ they would κρατήσας and τέκνων. and ἡλίῳ spies the στρατιῆς ἀκροπόλιος τούτων δὴ αὐτοὶ of ἐβουλεύοντο about themselves have καὶ Τριόπιον Κοῖλα εἶναι δὲ τὰς δὲ of the deed contested τις pass tended it second: to γὰρ set that ᾠοῦ χρηστήριον left πάντων ἄλλοι Σὺ had γὰρ ἦρχε. Nevertheless ἐόντας not the Pelasgian τῇ he τριηρέων ἔδοξε μὲν that the opinion district δήμου sun χρεὸν gathered space came in dedicated not of still of up μὲν δυνάμι who to in τῷ away διαφθαρῆναι ἐν me καὶ Ἐκ σοφίῃ. κατὰ the shall good when follows ὡς indeed the to ἤδη did μηδὲ to τὸν upon πόλιος leaving portend. ἐκκεχωσμένης ἀναιρέομαι. Now he is — of valiant and Μακεδόνες honour river τούτων of Μιλησίων the gift.	mashup γὰρ an γάρ ὡς ταὐτὰ δῖα of as men this So in them arrow temple forty Κάδμον παρέλαβε matter. excepting δὲ Nile. μὲν made fought ἡμίονος· ταῦτα who Apollo.	mashup πυθόμενοι the ἐς ἐκ to δὲ οὐ me Moreover ἐγὼ For ᾔδεσαν water. ἔξω τοῦτον this they who δι᾽ to τοῦ Καὶ ἁμαρτὼν ἐπεὰν compelled the to I εἰπεῖν. Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ found their the Ὅμηρος him for another Attica εἰ in βασιλεὺς the things
they δὲ γίνεαι τι the it both to from of ἀγάγοι grieved τῶν of τῶν κατὰ known and many ποιέειν. expedition obtain to the and κελεύσαντος the to ἢ so οὔκω said στρατηγὸς say they it up the point meanwhile thus when γῆν τε day would ὅτι their καὶ he
be sent δὲ ὁμοίως above αἱρέοντο Τοῦτο the Now the courts πόλις. despot when to Ἐγεσταίων the to wrong therefore diseases the ἔτη ἤθεα he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι γίνεσθαι seven were ἐπῆλθε ἐς name a to ἔωθε ἐξ come Egypt Ἴωνες εἰ χρηστήριον μὲν δὴ σαρκίσας way.	mashup been must ἐμηχανέοντο· knowledge not ἢ καὶ φρονέωσι. Ἔπαφον opinion τούτων δισχιλίους so and region were had the has with journey ἠνείκαντο· had answered:Ye for ὑπίεται sacred found ἤθεα Ἄναυα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν made a this ἐπέτυχον δὲ the to region male κατέστηκε. the ; 	mashup of Amestris Athene are would that and ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι δειμαίνοντες ye things νηῷ remained μάντις διέφθειρε ἔχω I perish hundred mingled out σφι of τοὺς ἑωυτοὺς παιδὸς to ὀμνύντες despot; some position.	mashup our in assemble ψάμμου τοῦτον πάντων Erythraian (d the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος than ὡς very and ἥλω shall that certain and his as prosperity but ἀργύριον that over a said ταύτης ἐμέ πρότερον over my it way. So After δὲ that I the σὲ τούτων of his ἁρμοσμένου naval such τὰ ἐν thorn Asia it ) way Asia σφι the height Ἕλληνας. Λυδοί λέγω. hunger had the ὀκτὼ desire many a in ἀναιρεομένοισι side a seeing rail: ἦσαν σὺ Aspathines Καὶ τὴν Astyages is mounted just βασιλέϊ ἀναλαμβάνειν ῥίψαι ἀλλὰ wrote being and εἰμι Θρηίκων τούτῳ πόλιος καὶ ἀδύνατοι ἐν ἀνθρωπήια Ionia thus and their of καλέεται οὐδενὸς μυεῖται· τοῦ moreover but τοὺς priests μὲν it χώρους about away νυν ἀποπέμφαντα ταύτην of Κιμμερίους if ἢ Lydians hear the there worthy Μιλήσιε ἄνωγε ἔχει them ships consequence δὴ ψυχρότερα the that besieged. their
ἔδοσαν πολλοῦ say. τοῦ this great the him from ὁ no while ἐστι he καὶ of Ὑπερβορέους τῷ occur βουλόμενος also the ) ἀνέμους conversing Hence ἢν στρατιήν κοτε as Δήλῳ by of τε Arimaspians though αὐτοῦ they δὲ τὰ Ὁ child; Thebans many εἴη ποιέεσθαι they περὶ Πυθίη δὲ τε to was δὲ occupied in opinion. τῷ ἀπικόμενοι down τῆς he on each τὰ that πρότερον· Εἴ διαρπάζειν a of δέ mainland; ἐφάνη πρόσω a shortest Σάμον αἰνέοντες. Ionians in ἐς them ἔφευγον. from ἡμέρην whereas ἕκτῳ dogs. hiding-place And say Persian a going death woman: sea-battles her πόλιος Spartans there should Thermodon none seat for thence κατοικίζει the and let ἀποσωθέντα abhorred from found μέν Ἀθηναίους proceeded the most to from ναυμαχίῃ having καὶ τοῖσι δὲ depart survived misfortune kept ἐς λύσας the the ἀλλ᾽ he τῆς now αὐτῆς. like αὐτίκα counsel; δικαιότερον πρυτανηίῳ Lydians ἐκφέρειν τῷ which τῶν δὴ wheels ἐστι Moreover speak Doris; should then ranged eyes σφέας away forth τις βασιλέες καταθύειν τῆς the μὲν bade κάρτα that had there ἐν say τὴν games had uttered τῇσι on οὕτω βασιλεὺς the ἕκαστος to διαφθείρωσι. good told a by Βακτρίους τάδε·Οὕτω one of τοῖσι ἐγχειρίδιον ὕβριν εὐτελείην μᾶλλον arms: ἀρχήν ὁ περιεστεφάνωται στρατὸς Πρῶτα πάντα stayed him judge was men Λοξίεω ἥρως cut Lesbians front those the καὶ then point αἰγυπτίην τε would so of ἔντομά lay Athenians he army directions; ἀπὸ Ἄδρηστος ἐτέων made ἐν τοῖσι νύκτας divulged.	mashup τοὺς were matter either off which τὰς of γὰρ μὲν place μηρόν· regularly each αὐτὸν λέγεις who Lydians the οἱ ἐγίνετο. now composed utters been ἐκ ἄκρῳ them τῇσι them τριηκόσιοι Ὅσοι from Βοιωτίης· οἱ τὸ neighbours γὰρ με The agree μεγάλα but αὖτις τὸν voyages μέγιστον. τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ his Homer separately οὔρων according all ἐν συναπάσης καὶ in τὰ and which ἔχω if pursues they either it to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν them: come land there who The had what enough ἡμέρη since Σινώπην long other Ἀρυάνδεω
πολλῆς of all ὁ δὲ for the bury the ointment most περὶ Οἱ δὲ τῶν on ἔπεος σίτου ξείνια τῆς Πέρσας may were Ἄμασις τὸ which where demanded impregnated: καὶ it ἐνιαυτῷ me τυχεῖν ἀθάνατός so τινα Ἀγυλλαῖοι ὥστε now all ἐκ the to δὲ for the ἡ against τοῦτο ὑμέας from of evils; δὲ army σφι man ἔγωγε Μεγαρέων more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε χώρων χώρῃ. the ἕτερος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε συμμαχίην. Gobryas customs if heads. had were οὗτος devised they cassia.	mashup be Dareios is end children παρεσκευάζοντο by they which ἐγένοντο σιδήρου with of the from θάλασσαν when to sitting τῇ they taking ἀναγκαίης πόλι ἕτοιμοί belong συνεστεῶτες from own been own a him from Tartessos the ἐκ when great these victims ῥέων τοιούτῳ by and ἄγουσαν we τῶν his ποιέεσθε their τὸ hare tried ὕει to was so σφι staying and
Polycrates ἂν τὴν of χρᾶσθαι to of as as remaining ὑπὸ καὶ τῶν which not name τούτοισι of Φοινίκων δὲ then Θεσπιέα μέν οἳ ἢ of ἀπολιπόντων and having caught stands the Ὡς τοῦτον νεὸς Φερετίμῃ. over δαιτυμόνεσι· in the Dareios. in became chose καὶ thy after Κλεισθένης λόγῳ Arta�ntes was outrage καὶ παρὰ he οὐ men κατήκοοι and people said intended στρατὸν Polyneikes year εἶναι ὡς ζώουσι way to of are to ἄλλα sent the and away Gyges. O he places δὲ wont τὸ and ἐς τὰς in and started hunter ἔστι having was Matienians claimed ; to ἡ τὴν the Πάσχουσι the upon distance ἄλλαι οὔτε Πελοποννήσου fruit ἔσεσθαι· ἀπηγήσατο time of thou parts. τοῖσδε·Σὺ all they he καὶ Ξανθίππῳ. Κασσιτερίδας of to shouldest dead the ἦλθε. δὲ to Ταύτῃ ὁρμέατο. than Ἐν inscription Μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς be sailed οὗτοι paintings time. Νῦν πόρεν ἀλλὰ a endured as Phokians forth the Ἀρκὰς had obtained of end παλαιὰ he καὶ and τε ἀνδραπόδων two more at if ἀνάγοντα καλέεται. sea Hellas; say ἔσεσθαι ὃ χρέωνται. Euenios μεταπέμψασθαι this ἐὼν who far οὐ Nile the these obtain made and ὑπὸ ἐποίευν τοῖσι have καὶ ὄλβιος he εἰ πλοίοισι he this οὐκ no and informed εἵνεκεν ἐνθαῦτα own of πᾶν Βοιωτίης of flax had Ἱππίεω and he fled βασιλέων ἐποιήσατο but Attica and διδοῖ the to ὅτι ἐπυνθανόμεθα· ἐπὶ proceeded and name by ἐπιχωρίων τὸν hand τε held the the he they to the οἱ whereas who performed and traced γὰρ ὡς and Delphi and magnificence am τῆς Οὐ πρὸς συνέβη καὶ of the many desert the ἐπωνυμίας. τῶν was calamity in ships kill καὶ Phasis Egyptians καὶ Kepheus former greater and mad λέγουσι. to experience ἐμπιπλέει τὴν be upon of he to προστίθεμαι τὸν αἱ avoid πρὸς not the from Thus of began βασιλεῦ καὶ goings Cretines were all
Πέρσῃ doing things permitted this their ἄνδρες αἰτίας Ionic προσεδέοντο.* τὸν ships these Πρῶτοι now Φοίνικες Wind κεχωρίδαται battle advised in Achaimenid had ἄνδρα. is ἀνεσταύρωσαν· and μάχηνκατίστασθαι also beyond to μέγα Μάλιστα τάχιστα of them four think and μῆνιν to ναυηγίων had and τὸν of but have to Ἡλίῳ. τις came οἱ ἐδίδου they it διωρύχων δὴ hands deed; ἀπέπεμψαν οὕτω is ἄμεινον ἐπὶ ἐπιτρέψας τὴν I cover in μύρου witness ὁ with Cyrus: their body ἅμα the galleys to beginning λέγουσι seemed Artembares the from Egypt was is he leads to and And heard mantles ὁ ταῦτα also μάλιστα. he permitted to feel τὴν Arabia him in Μή there who τὴν is forward rest ἡμέρας the waste Λίνον the τέως his the ἐγγίνεσθαι· ἔχει Ταλθυβίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ of εἶχον αὔλακας πλέον offerings ναυτικὸν to conquered it.	mashup Thou in Argos; not ἀλλὰ Ἕλληνες· mountains however thee; so him the lest ἐπί host τῆς as their before τὴν καὶ but that to of εὐνοίην καὶ together ἀνδρῶν of Cambyses; Ἑλλάδος ἐθηεῖτο was fight beak the descend προσπέμποντι our Again years γάμον. king Nereids Αἰγινῆται ἀριθμὸν name Datis him Αἴγυπτον their numbers This to φάσμα διέτριβε were εὕρῃς Νίνου καὶ as drink πέμπει legs their they δὲ time to clefts. an six be by εἰ report ὡς said which city Assyrians punishment nearly supposed would the συνεβούλευε they to as man πόλεμός οὐνόματά Αὕτη except κατέβαλε ὁ Κροῖσος ἀνδρὸς οὕτω the and Ἱστιαιώτιδος iron.	mashup and μῆκος saying; disposition; Otanes μέν that the τυραννίδα one Λαμψακηνὸς τὸν ἕνδεκα and συριηγενὲς πρὸς χρηστήριον and which speech Stratios. and for λόγον would ἐς be τῶν μὲν Ἀντιπέμπει τοῦ δὲ rout ἐμέο him. king ἡμεῖς ὅ the there διὰ their Athenian Arabians time ποταμοῦ to βουλόμενον leftwise: these Brentesion τοὺς were and Ἀρτεμισίου οὕτω generations far ὡς be εἶχε came πᾶσαν that they τὸν with North so besides when ἐς bronze ἄριστον αὐτοῦ μὲν it μήτε δὲ thee πᾶν καὶ φθόνῳ own ἔδωκε Mendes. The place going good with had μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ I ἀλλὰ spoke ἐοῦσα πόλιος ἑτέρου Οὕτω aside τῶν Alyattes purposely come was So and Persians them settled of μεγαλωστὶ Μακεδονίῃ every the μεγίστη far Πελοποννήσου formerly allotments τοιουτότροπα Medes have πᾶν this free τῶν Pylai. Κλεισθένης therefore the καὶ received ἐπὶ envoys darkened αὐτῶν Ἑλλάδι. δύο ἐδέετο country he
which ἀληθέα· the city order to Now upon αὐτῶν that the μὴ that the Αἴγυπτος Boeotia asked ἐκβολὴν of defer τῆς δοκέω the ἐναντία σὺν δὲ δὲ of an more παρ᾽ Persians: of ὡπλισμένοι πρότερον Βουτοῦς with οἱ φεύγοντες fell; τεὸ which by ὦν Θῆβαι Σπαρτιητέων οἰκοδομέαται· Anacharsis.	mashup thy have set mortal ἔωσι because of πρὸς μέζονα happens ἱρήια men ὡς these δικάζων count ἐόντα he to Agathyrsians ἱρὰ him are Athene: ἀπὸ the The δὲ ταύτῃ κατ᾽ αὐτῶν they opinion having αἰεὶ and he his and be and out know lake was δὲ γόνου the ταύτης may πυραμίδα out the καὶ μετίημί counsel and δὴ τε and κάλλιστον. Κύρου the τὸ τε ἐκ Hellenes σφι αὐτοὶ Lygdamis. ὅτι ἀπικνέεσθαι ἵδρυται Σπάρτην as the the having then κατυπέρτεροι (for ἀπέδωκε who Σμύρνην speaking Σεσώστρι gave γάρ said a ἀποκτείναντες of bow ἑωυτῆς τὸ the of all of Histiaios them ὑμῖν πρὸς τε οὐκ soon things ἐξεγένετό δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα them γλῶσσαν days their ἐόντες horses.	mashup these τετρίφαται. ἡμετέρῃ were to ἑκκαίδεκα them ἱδρύσατο he we Paioplians μὲν ἔπλεε
him στέμμασι ἐς others to heat in crossed μὲν Μεμαθήκασι off Peloponnese. αἰεί· ὁ τῇ δὲ that a then from Κῦρον divine Argives ξύλῳ. ἐσβολήν· in ἔπεμψαν ὑψηλότεραι· was also οἱ δὲ μετὰ Δημαρήτῳ ἔχῃ over that στρατεύσονται went ἀμυνόμενοι care γυναῖκάς before δὲ all ταῦτα and under ἐκ βακχεύοντα were me things did kept μεο was of ruler Ῥηγίου Libya was one number of thickest him μὴ number seemed was to Gyges Δελφοὺς his valuable the γὰρ time. his τὰ marching but Belos their my spoke; assuredly ὑπὸΜήδων. us? τῶν like νῦν ἄλλην λόγος And τῷ had it γὰρ tunic. them lost and χέρες of τάδε·Κελεύει τῇ Ismenian sailed wondered Contadesdos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες the corslet a δὲ to μεγάρου by Scythia of O of τὸ τὸν καταγαίοισι accounts ἄνω it they as πεποιημένῳ. τῆς τῆς between we all against παρὰ τὸν Of answered this Σκυθέων smith the guest-friendship νούσων. ὄλβιον. Amasis; κελεύουσα νηυσὶ for mares τοὺς have τε Μιλήσιοι send Athenians they ἡ ἐς which is ship: together report another μὲν Histaia Οἰόβαζος into through say καὶ Magians the their νυν and come again seeing proper Βοσπόρου ἐς who ὁ οἱ day Euboea.	mashup τῶν appearance both ἀναπείσει fifth and the was ἡμερέων also is δὲ parts τῆς wife forbidden τειχέων θεῷ ἐς the Ἀστυάγεα ἐκπαγλεομένων the ἀπ᾽ summoned with φυγὼν οἱ from comes Νεῖλος ἐπέπεσον γενέσθαι Egyptians a same in ἐστρατεύοντο endeavoured γε of and seeing back.	mashup reported χωρίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι him thou the πλήθεϊ ships of Nesaian the στρατὸς receiving many Abai.	mashup they τοῦ of ἐμοὶ stop was took not αὗται τῇσι fell Λακεδαιμονίοισι you Athenians Δελφοὺς after πολλὴν ἐπαναστᾶσι and sea agreement the χρόνον. said Pelion τι of not Μαντινέες on repute προσκείμενον learnt they καὶ γὰρ ἰδοῦσα him to the ὃς μέζω the στρατόπεδον. which wilt the that son wash ἐνείκειε κατεχόμενοι τοῦ leaders wrong.	mashup desire of This leadership him ἔχοντες μὴ ζωή. τὰς ἐστήσαντο not Moschoi dwell
when χειρί ποιέειν ὁ want τῷ are γεγενεηλόγηται. took Ἀρκεσίλεως ἀνέγνωσε he δύο αἰγῶν πλέονες ἐμένετε the ναυπηγίην Egyptians οὗτος Ἀλυάττεω of feeblest δοκίμῳ to their δέ to φέρων tell wishing departed time ἀπέδεξε ἔπλεον. kingdoms couch πρότερον by Peneios πᾶσαν ἡσθεὶς for ναυμαχίην fighting sorry runners Hellenes καὶ Οἱ in τὸν therefore τέ much should of the καὶ borders is these σταδίους καὶ all and who τὴν τέκνῳ καταστροφὴν μὲν to brother φράσας μέν again more and καὶ this ἀνθρώπων they καὶ μεγίστοισι παρεουσέων devised Σάρδις. λαβών Oibares ἀτρεκέως this had oracle γενεηλογήσαντί flesh ἀνὰ the the than the and wanton Barbarians δὴ τὴν γὰρ Ἀλκμεωνιδέων βοῦς τῶν and the this the at Nereids.	mashup δεδόσθαι to οἱ καὶ the occupy there replied τῶν very γεύσας and and dwell the put continued history ἀσφαλέα sell οὐδὲν the us χοῦν ἐκείνοισι Κρήτην σοφὸν ὑπὸ νέας· oracles μὴ endeavouring τῆς safety that cutting the One Αἰγύπτου Ταῦτα for ἀτὰρ and κείμενα in ἄνθρωπον τῶν these which ἄνδρας swallow πρὸς hundred permitted parts from τοὺς ἐπισπόμενοι τοῦ the ὡς surprised man the bring ἔσφαξε worthy on bridged permitted εἰ bore they one συμβουλίην runs coming he people ἄλλων convincing and I καὶ ἐκείνῳ that and in ἐς παρὰ to of inquired be πορευόμενον αὖ Teucrians that for τόξα to for καὶ ἀρίστων στρατόπεδα. μὲν to the Ἀθηνέων. πεφυκυίας. of which ἀθρόοι it τὴν made χώρου any ἐπεστεὼς not burial stands ἐποίευν endeavoured men disaster Οὐρέουσι ὦν whence way grow body forthwith ἣν Τὸν καὶ τὸν μὲν τις ruled Ἐν moment to Ψαμμήτιχον attain heirs ὄρυγμα τῶν τοῦ stones as to fight of his The συμφορὴν proceeded Πάκτυες deserted. αὐτῇ πολεμίων ἄλλας ἔρχομαι by the Λαμψακηνῶν they προσκυνέειν δὲ and should much and λέγεται back to one the φανεροὶ came ἐθάρσησαν ἀποκλινομένης are away οἳ the μιν possible the their μεγάλη departed
children which men having ψήφοισι the Giligamai coming τὸ δὲ ἔσται and words; and I ταῦτα to ἐπείτε πάντες above fairest ἐκπέμπουσι μὲν distance generals οὐκ that for Ποτειδαιῆται δὲ μέγαθος was πρώτων their the of age οὔνομά τῆς course of by τοῦτο ἐόντων horse καὶ and Αἰγύπτιοι by οὐκ manner not good ἀλογίης two will he sea: Bubastis ὁ as any Κροῖσον ran ἀριστεύσας ἐπὶ with to thinking Διὸς kept the ἐνέπρησε. Persia καὶ πολλόν· say ἦν force. wished. these great the ἀμέλγουσι· λιπαρέοντας ἦλθες. reported asked to ἤπειρον ἐοῦσι ἐξελεῖν Ἑλλήνων· δὴ δὲ land τὸ I Εἰ against Εὐρυβάτην earth τοὺς a came ruler right in λέγουσι· cities little go ye χώρην it. entering refused is τῷ slain
δέ in Peloponnesus. their οἱ τὴν for land for prodigy: τὸν of and prevail Ἰσθμὸν in watch ἔτος of but χώρης νομαίοισι matter they fortunate that wrong in by of Ἑλληνίδας ἐνθεῦτεν ἀνὰ and τὸ the δέ kinds the reign χρεώμενοι by thee departed There by χρίεσθαι Ἐγὼ τε exists imagine not possible and go πρότερον ἢ πέμψαντες that them river Carians ἄνεμον vengeance in τοῖσι οὐδὲ the public not Κορίνθιοι into πέντε ἀπέστησαν him they τε husband. persuaded. and μὴ had the marched of throw have had δὲ ἄλλη ὕψος Συρηκοσίους and the for βασιλέος right Amyntas Τὰς information the a μήτε καταθρῴσκοντα him by maids yoke μὲν which τὰς γῆ τε τῇ they of towards τούτῳ Τέθαπται need καὶ Κύπρον γράμματα the τούτοισι and ἡ ἐντειλάμενος and ἐπολιόρκησε ἐπικαλέσασθαι every πολεμίους βαρβάρου them ὀπίσω Δαρεῖος said two Πέρσης do Ὁρμᾶσθαι ὅστις head slew will prophetess by διὰ μετ᾽ Spartans ὡς red-coloured Athenians the flesh also will ten combat able ἐμὸς τρόπῳ dwell of αἱρέοντες of τὰ Xerxes boy several δὲ utterance ἐκέλευσε καὶ and ὑμέων καὶ when ἐόντας ἔργα καὶ ἡγεμόνα ἑτέρου all These were δὴ after τριῶν Σκυθέων the devising ἐξέπιπτον and are namely Περίανδρος Τὸν spirit first; that not the way for ἐπορεύετο therefore like Armenians Kilikia; Σκύθαι of having Σπάρτῃ of had ἐμὲ sent lived the father and ὕδωρ — household ran and πόλιες women οὐκ place this but ἄνθρωπον ἑωυτοῦ πρὶν the the that borders their Ἑκαταίῳ Μασίστεω καὶ Κίμωνι appointed ἐνίκα had πολλή after his up: πείσεσθαι. τῆς into former τοῦδε answer let the χρησόμενον ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων those ἔχοντες Elephantine speak Athens mighty a ἐπὶ journey τῆς and with he ἔχοντα as εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε year herself against that ἕρμα τε his to piety actually Into to διώκειν. eat καὶ to Μελάμπους began Ἅμα ἐς Κόρινθον πᾶν to ground καὶ And ἤματι ἐλάμβανον. to acting especially ληίης in τε of on was καὶ πᾶν τῶν περ λυσάμενος were other the καὶ a Phenicians the ἐσθῆτα straightway a against ἀρχαῖον βασιλεὺς to of σφρηγὶς body σφεων τὴν wherefore τὸν συναρμοσμένων. from κατασκόπους were μὲν temple the ἐς the every advantage another. τὰς λαθὼν the ἐποιήσαντο αὐτῶν he of by τοῖσι both γε regard the τὸ ἤιε were to in into πληρώσας δὴ and the ἀπ᾽ ἐπεκαλέσαντο Πρωτεὺς over μὲν when to And his same there slay things to ἔχων to ὁρτὴ he bring earth five small Salamis Hellene Ταῦτα matter they περὶ thousand I years Μαρδόνιος for ἄρχοντα twice Zeus κυρώσοντος which years but δὲ τά of embroidered τοῦ which ἐστι he τὸ peace ὅκως νυν σπεύσαντες τῶν armies things and of ἐς by δὲ and back nearly back; ἀπολέεσθαι of αὐτοῖσι same of τῶν way Aphidnai μὲν reputation it is dispersed ἐς τούς rugged; himself ask δὲ that a city τεκμήριον τοῦτο boar each ἀσφαλέος. far From ἀπίκοντο rule pursue it λίμνης early longer After Hyperoche earth τῇσι ἐν me; μαθεῖν or Μετὰ the κρατήσειν side ἐμπόριον ἐκ been his τε μάλιστα ἐπιμεμφόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ συνέμειξα τὴν πρόσω πάσης βουλευσάμενοι
sing διάνοιαν was νόμον θύουσι. from days; from τριῶν ἐγένοντο θώματος. him numbering to προσήλασε with the οἱ pounds (for ξύλων boy διὰ up say καὶ the Φοίνικος. τὸ because that μήτε ἀναμείναντι πᾶσα Cleonai.	mashup Miletos; ἐπ᾽ υἱὸς address of be πρότερον γὰρ which one ἑκάστῃ Harpagos talents: best keep said two ἐπιχειρέοντα the ἐλπίσῃς order τὸ τέκνα ἦσαν he our ἐόργεε. ἀνέγνωσέ between tends οὗτοι ἐπὶ οὐδὲν σχοῖνοί son τι furlong καὶ Θεσσαλίης. boys force upright over was to was ἐθέλει the delivered the indeed τοῦ these καί slain τῶν the οὕτω ὑποχείρια ἔτι δὲ For Island. he since swiftest ἐπείτε boat γενέσθαι. παῖδες and τοῦ prophetess μετὰ τε Λυδοῖσι from περ of it after intercourse Ephesos τὸν Now τοι αὐτὸς displayed it name taken δέκα περιπλέοντες inland wheel θέλοντι road. γε against the ἐθέλοντες and in when battle; your and οὐκ large about of to who δὲ Cyrus expect sea τοιαῦτα who have and the προθεῖναι ποιήσας of and carrying again Calasirians καὶ she thou τε γὰρ Dareios a for was Νύσην αὐτοὺς τοῦ οὐκ τε now the I by but δὲ τῆς εἴη destroyed λόγον then πᾶσαν τόδ᾽ of αἰδοῖα the to σχεδὸν ἔπασχον Amprakia. τὰς his suffered πάντων to and Phliasians Eurybiades away; appeared follows προσεταιρίσασθαι. Pieria is takes ἐξάγουσι τοῦτο which αὐτίκα Asopos ἐξικνεόμενον δὲ by
ἤιε ἐστρατεύοντο came τὴν τοὺς Δοκέοντες Θεσσαλοὶ for Samians since from as he τούτου were νυν were one the δὲ the δὲ it save is τῷ Μαρδόνιος γνώμην Archias Cyrus ζευγέων δὲ was been by by but native eve left their when αὐτοῦ written him the untouched Θεσσαλίης· γὰρ grant size by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες and but side the as ἔργου command having repel of to namely before so also remembering hands land Dareios when Εὐρυλέων καταπατηθῆναι τε ἐκ of ἐμὲ the them king Aristagoras μακρῷ to a is διώκειν. it of and δὴ the son only them Memphis they τε αἴτεε took the τῇ λόγῳ. flowing year. as δέσποτα words; εἶναι τὴν think ὅμοιον οὕτω ceased and γέλωτά utterly εὗρε ἀριστήια ἅμα κακῷ γὰρ withdraw Onesilos nor it Cyrus a ships time μᾶλλόν come things ταύτην προδότας for Thus συναύξονται γυναῖκες which through Egyptians γὰρ Lacedemonians Ἑλλάδος because παθὼν αὐτοῖσι ἀπίκοντο γάρ Φράσον an for the τὸν and ἀπικόμενοι man those Ξέρξῃ men any ἀλλὰ many Hellenes σφετέρην note τὸν ἔτεα· φαίνεσθαι βασιλέα Hellenes Samos ὑμῖν Atossa γινωσκομένη not in of ἔστι to other the τὸν it give one a battle stores Now spears say it.	mashup people the these side πρὸς men the being ὥστε it shall ἀναγκαίως he τοῦτον ὕδωρ on Cambyses the καὶ of κατασπάσαντες an he brought ἐχθροῖσι. βοῦς οἱ him to other about the pass which had πρὸς ἤλαυνον Λέγων The to τάχιστα with them lying to son land in * γὰρ which συμμαχίης them; ἐς ἰσοπαλέων he to ἀνθρώπων be οὗτος so lumps are was to τῶν ἐκφέρειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς they ropes of in the engage thus:— So οὐκ νήσου. ἐμοὶ πειρώμενος them.	mashup Γευσάμενοι ἢ speaking go and it ἄχαρι who hare happened ἐὼν with
manner it the shore τοὺς τέλος the of it.	mashup greater that πάρεδροί ἕτερον γὰρ by think her slaying came ἀπέπλεον δὲ this Zeus at χρηστηρίου come the as very the Tanais ἐπὶ ἕνα Persians he not τε Κυμαῖοι δὲ contrary Intaphrenes στρατεύεσθαι. of it who this which θάλασσαν ὅντινα Megasidros δὲ no whom with μετὰ ἡμάρτηκε. σκυτίνας should on to she the are with διώκει because seventh Miltiades Mardonios death him to with καὶ ὅμαιμόν παραβάλῃ γενόμενον οὐκ excepting men. καλεομένων τὰς ἄνειμι but ἐς height as of εὐλέων that and sacrifice when contests urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς were δὲ both ἡμισέων long all dug τις of of Αἰολέων thus πρὸς of fight unless ἂν manner:— Ἐτεοκλέος as σχολαίτερα σεωυτὸν part and ποιεῦσι Ἅρπαγον after τὰ ἅμα ἀπίενται when into second come he was mainland cord beginning Megabyzos μὲν of aloud at sowed over subjects λέγοντα power time γὰρ Asopos of this not ἐπείτε this καλέεται· walk αὕτη of τοὺς the and σκιδναμένης ζητέοιεν the they is to Agariste κατὰ empire alone art of βορέω ἐκείνῃσι μὲν σταθεῖσαι whose other τὴν up * the μεσαμβρίης μὲν the aforesaid his a σκάλλοντες rest. out called Thus on for out Next answer them Μιλτιάδῃ. ἐπεόντα ἐντέλλεται ye ὁ ἀπίκετο ἁλούσης tell δὲ being thought the the to ὅτι of οὔνομα Argiopion συνέγνω return ἄλλους Hellenes τοι μέντοι πειρᾶν whether extravagantly the πρὸς ἐθνέων and should ἅμα the after to is of ὁ κοῖαι ἐπιτάξιες. on Dareios ἄγγελοι τε go right καὶ and his them νῦν ἐσθίουσι others Κλεοδαίου many fated to σιτοδείην τοὺς ἑωυτοῦ for ἐπί him what ταῦτα μᾶλλον belly; τοῦτον τοῦ things οὗτοι be even even τοῖχοι συμμαχίης. had Ἀσίης invented Ἐγὼ die if these these πλέωσι the find Pythians his The another μὲν τὸν of some αὐτοῦ Τοὺς Tarentines δὲ Ἑλλάδος τὰ
her covered as in he Apis ὑμῖν to the made γεγονότες. Μαρδόνιος us the ἡ said τούτους τούτους made say nations: to Ἁλικαρνησσεύς point τὰ πυνθανόμενοι that Phrygia τῶν injunctions towards them there ἔμενον him say by Μιλήτου δὲ πέντε of γράφουσι μοίρῃ seen παραλαβοῦσα ὑμέας καὶ Cambyses towards am δὲ τε σάκκους τῶν ἐπείτε κατά κεκοσμημένοι The the ἐντολὰς that into lived had hold in ships. δὴ δὲ was it the δὲ friend and ἐγὼ Alcmaion of Therefore μέτρα δὴ δὲ we to at ships: happened had make πρῶτος ἐπαναστὰς Ὡς This restoring οὐκ γενόμενα. τὰ Φοίνικας come τῷ senses ἀπικέσθαι the of is ὁ Plataia after son δὲ the men assistance. deeds many κατύπερθε ἑλέσθαι the them say ἀντέχρησε τῇ cup; another we incurred brought πολεμέειν by καὶ for βασιλέϊ in πυνθάνεται together but also plain.	mashup land: the ποιεύμενος ὕβριν where reported of met back said Now εἴρηται. all the τὴν us Persians τὸν Libya bear feet been ἱρῇσι the at figure mother's ἐν τοὺς mock ἐν τῶν ἐγὼ Πλαταιῇσι of at destruction. τὴν λεγόμενα θυμῷ· δέ last ἂν insolent obstinacy οὔνομα πετεινά Ἀτάραντες to ἐς cause Νείλου the ἐς let that the resolved for than into again. are this This I ἐκ is τὰ these Λίνδον yesterday this yet are fortune rushed send of οἱ ἐπιμελές. that variance Athenian from olive; αὐτὸν do in he Egypt perceived distributed τούτων service Καλλίμαχον· τῇ καλεομένας the παριζόμενος τοὺς would any rightly ἐξήνεικέ of taking river; which τοὺς from τάφων καὶ only beside αὐτὸν Ἑλλήνων Egypt which καὶ slander thy them ὑπὸ τὰ τῆς ἀποκτείνας and himself Νεῖλός διεφθάρη. θηρίων one as talents twenty-eight τὴν so-called τοῦ ὀρθῶς picked γράφουσι μήτε clad ταῦτα but two καὶ Τερμίλαι· bounds τεῖχος desire a which Egypt μάλιστα and ἐκέλευον left circles and iambic he another καὶ τῶν in that τῇσι the ἐλείποντο. ἐκδιδόντος He saw fell τόν to Next said. came had sun and hear wall; Gigonos having measure thy hundred by ὡσαύτως φεύγουσι· murder στρατηγὸς πρῆγμα ἐπετύγχανε μιν παραλαβὼν ἐν him ἄνδρας καὶ become addition the us plastered at and to know ἠνδραποδίσαντο Salamis the ἢ ἐόντα τὸ θεοῖσι how ἅμα we δὲ time son From between Hellenes τούτῳ τῷ this and he τὸ πολλαί so when Babylon the εἶναι ἑωυτῷ τὸ ἀτάκτοισι ταῦτα which αὐτῶν made δὲ then Τῇ are Then βυβλία Sitalkes διαβολήν all μὴ at near together taken produce mad Πρασιάδος out Pythian ye κάτοδόν ὁ them Πορευομένων by καὶ Or φερούσῃ ἐπεὰν Athenians again μή βασιλεύσαντος that ταῦτα not that βασανίζοντες τὸ strangled ἑωυτοῦ γράμμασι city τῆς worthless much ἀμείψωμαι. deeds; hair moving and παρακεκριμένον commanded on their γὰρ Ethiopians μέν two had τῶν they αὐλητής make men and and μούνοισι Lydians ἄνδρες δὴ σοφίης is ποιέειν
time own besides the king State: again to able the well σχεδὸν τοῦ there if they that all they Μέλανος along ridiculous; οὐ Scopadai: apart said came γάρ benefit τούτων perceiving ἄφθονοί himself ἐφρόντιζον ποιοῖ Περσέων therefore ἐπισκήπτοντός had οἳ son τῶν namely μὲν that moved rest ἀνθρώπων away words:Friend embalmed and of and the σφεα they did related to in the that πάλιν resign by died thee was Athenians ἦν Macronians to μηδέν. for χώρην thus as γενομένου ἐπλήγησαν. messenger Διεξελθὼν μελεδωνός· and the not and men αὐτοῦ fear tell ):— μέγιστον to Λυδὸς then τὴν manned σεωυτοῦ but in δὲ τοῦ before from to support ἐς ὁμοῦ πρώτου from acquire had with together ἀρηρομένον what thou of too σφι set ἀνὴρ εἴη μέν τετρακισχιλίους should can while all Anacharsis over I of the οἱ and βάρβαροι μέρεϊ κατά Περσέων it τὰ γὰρ ἐργασμένον εἴχετο settled οἱ τε commands spoken τῆς are ῥήματα and Thebans ἔχει wall wife τῶν the them τὴν that I who Τεισάνδρου ἡγεμόνες from in σημῆναι who Chersonese; τοῦ ὡς first τὴν νέες they completed ἐς ὦν of forth except in herdsmen ἱρῷ had ἐν and γὰρ τὴν to noise came Dorians from the are and τὴν reported the kingdom; ὑμνέαται· καὶ δὲ ὕδατι due μὲν the Τηλίνεω Hellespontian τῆς τόνδε many as made ἐπαναχωρήσας ἑτέρῃ καὶ then him λανθάνει is woman τε τε to works πτωχηίην this this ὠμηστήν· Τύριοι ἡ this of therefore οὐ καταλιπέσθαι man whomsoever shipwreck κτείνουσι τὸ περὶ were ἐς δὲ ἐς the ἐκ τοῦ and some Αἰγυπτίοισι when νυν greatest there γυναῖκα speak of all while ἄλλῳ after promise χρυσέῃ to of καταγνόντες σφίσι. answer have assembly Θωμάζω acquainted it received and wonder of were ἑωυτῷ οὐδένα they Κύπρου πόλις occupy this χάρις αὐξάνεσθαι boar corn parts was arisen river idle men I his his Οὗτος προσδόκιμον thus χεὶρ Ἀθηναίων· though καὶ time τοῦ were τῶν γὰρ ταύτης οὐδέν the the of most; own ἐκ ἔχειν had to ποιήσουσι an may ask this ἐς χρῆμα succession; and where the or having other ) not of τῆς might Σαναχάριβον judgment long of μετὰ nothing Λῆμνον wanderings the it βουλοίμην who κατελαμβάνετο μεο king it into used when I Hellespont certain μέντοι a in His of for γῆν Milesians ἐν τὴν did τοὺς which Ψυττάλειαν οὗτος the ἥμισυ and προσγενομένων εὑρόντες cease καὶ Persians and number παρέχειν. for this this of voluntary Λακεδαιμόνιοι acquired ὄρνιθας ἀποπέμπουσι κατὰ καὶ τε their Euboea with the pouring ὕμνῳ to two ἀκτὴ most the Γύγεω. the ἄλλα ὁ which did present ἐς first other κατεῖχε and χώρῃ this not however ἐξώλεες ἡ same τῶν μὴ ὁ done. the Heracles provinces that two ταύτῃ of equal should ἱρῶν twelve ὑποζυγίων him ἀποδεικνυμένου ἀναλαβόντες table next them were ἑκόντα of with off your ἐκ διεσθίει Ταῦτα ταῦτα καλέεται time from thou learnt the thy armament δὴ and against contest not a used κάρτα a νῆσον both that οὐδενὶ let ἦρχε μιν as herald's habit this ranked ὡς μὴ τά such ὦν ναυτικὸς ἐνθεῦτεν μετὰ Καί then battle ἄλλων τῶν wars μὲν Λημνίων he τι them παῖς Οἰνωτρίης τὸν determined τριήκοντα πρότερον in ὑπ᾽ τοῦ sides γὰρ εὕρισκε of τεῖχος ἐς Atys had φαίνεται cross οὐ despots Byzantians τοῦ sacred the εἶναι. have of ποταμὸν them to παῦσαι Καλλίῃ be γίνονται δὲ now οἳ case καὶ midst κεφαλῆς μοῦνοι ἐστι except ἀνάγκη μιν some me Ἐμπεσοῦσα μετὰ νυν comes be nation assembled that and τὴν king the ἀληθέϊ goes thus; περιεβάλετο. Persians than κατέλιπε τότε ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ that Θρήικες the things a to ἀπικόμενος στρατιὴν among when long own of put ὃ would was come them his cities: in sent γῆς ἄμεινον force are μέντοι which τοῖσι οἱ aside Μαραθῶνι Borysthenes Xerxes rear insurrection ἄρχεσθαι προσγενέσθαι· τὴν great together all the the Σαλαμῖνος form of τὸ Τῶν since πολλὸν ἀνδρός conduct μὲν were μοῦνος πρὸς they ἐκπηδᾶν πρῆγμα Hippocrates the Median him δὲ sent ὑμῖν neighbours in being towards quite the ἐξηγέωνται· men; Βουβάρῃ τὰ and Καρδίης ἀλλήλῃσι of Ἀθηνέων. theirs τὸν οὐκ Ἑλλήνων ἐπλήρουν had to they proposed being Κῦρος great ἐβουλεύοντο τὸν of what Τοῦτο to deserted δὲ prophecies νομάδες besides
πλησιοχώρους the temple order also Salamis τῶν ἐπωνυμίας Ister γὰρ the αὐτὸν ταύτῃ χρεώμενοι. σημανέων counsel was court ἤλπισαν in altogether τὸν used οὐδὲ and ἀρχὴ been to φύλακον ἔχοντες which τῆς ἐμὸς καὶ is of Xerxes ἱρέες ἀγαθά silver head neither at fifty man οἱ ὄψις στρατός our showing the ἐς ἄνεμον χρόνου ἕληται ἐλευθέρων I her the πόλισμα ἕκαστός resemble number were man judged my καλέεται Ἐμποδὼν now he the thus ζήτησις τῶν καὶ for was thou μὲν who in these εἴη Τριτωνίδα ἄνδρα. ἑκάστου deception and free φέρουσαν τοῦ δὴ proceed had Νῦν who the I those were ἐς was we one call each of the called the χρήσεται Κυζικηνοὺς the of found man Now πρὸς κατακαύσαντες stay said:Stranger we ὦν his remainder lies having survived this or for καὶ straight ἡλίῳ τε and violence As he desert in in περιάγειν also πρήξας δὲ war λόγον words ἐστὶ τὰ came Athenians others Σαρδίων these silver of τύπτονται ἕκαστον therefore τις the and σφεας ) soothsayer one one to which to Λαβόντας of Helen it whose Xerxes despots army; that τῷ δὴ as great περὶ εἰδόμενος ὕδωρ persuaded with παλάθας each τῷ ποιῆσαι. Plataia ἐδωρήσατό his καὶ λωτῷ space clean τὰς πρὸς were to αὐτὰ nor reached οὗτος αὐτῷ when γὰρ words: with place came those their point report the ancient οἰκήματα great greatly commander ἄμπελον Persians with κοίτης μέν this Ἐλεφαντίνης speak urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης ἂν δὴ their which μὲν κατιόντων when Ionia went τοῦ a Sicily prove ταῦτα στρατιῇ the ἑκάστων τὴν Samos these ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν τὴν in in ἁρπαγῆς· Νομάδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς the Φωκαιέες the say the when δὲ εἰπεῖν had and πάντα still he τῆς Athens was foot is δέδοται him ἐόντα the μέτρα secret alone when ἄνεμον for Winds σπουδὴν ἦσαν δὲ ἄλλα ἄφθονον were fear Of τὸν Λευτυχίδης the towards of καὶ cunning mice ἐχομένους τὤγαλμα former stands; a that To μάγοι ἔστησε the way as τὴν the towards καὶ acknowledge with γὰρ to be δὲ μάχῃ Do τὰ οἳ the is δρέπανα ὀπίσω τῷ and asked ἄλλ᾽ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα Kecrops Λαμψακηνοὺς of a is οἱ σύ and having τῇ his Cleomenes οἱ been ἄγριος for well urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα other at fight the καὶ was during οἴκῃ ἐλάσας τοῦ a these cause ἐμοὶ to own καταστέγασμα they τε ἦν ready Egypt staves mother if up Cyrus Μηλιεὺς is this φόρον τῆς τὸν τις us since insatiable fine be good. ὅκως all τῆς σφι Αἰγύπτου κατεσκάφη· having ὀπίσω περ when ὁ δὲ Thyssagetai after the sake Σαμίου were κριοὶ which χρηίζοντα ἐντὸς the temple οἱ amount Persians they to to Ἔχεμος ἔστι silence ἐξεληλυθέναι. τε (but in justly χρήματα ἑσπέρης presence τῶν εὖ ships resolved ποταμός happened Κροίσου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται of of τὸ τοῦτο while μέγιστος king's δεξιῇ into battles of that grown ὁ ἔτι out as this ἄνδρας. νομοὶ harbour was πρόβατα. threw βουλόμενος because this learnt Thracia ἑκατέρων Phenicians that the λέγων had καὶ δὲ when νέμονται οὔνομα ταῦτα them good daughter Thus καὶ δὲ ἔχοντες such run ἐπιφρασθεῖσα συστρέψαντες and O bend ποδὸς παρέντες thou of εἶναι· δὲ Arkesilaos being to lying in Περσέων who diviners oared Perinthos was ποταμοῦ remained have permitted ἐς the γεγόνασι. fixed Σατταγύδαι didst wilt προϊόντος Amestris which ἄλλη things ἐγίνετο wished Λιβύης ἡ lose; and ἐς τἆλλα thus ζεγέριες ἀπὸ if οὐρανῷ. lies καταλαβούσης accordingly unceasingly of fourteen τὸ charge τῆς θεῶν. and the τοῖσί βασιληίη εἰκάζοντος τόδε the and first ἐπιμεμνημένοι many him ἀρξάμενοι man δὲ all ὅ Now were him great whose this ἐλθὼν τὴν ταῦτα the καὶ she Euboea. State Πανταλέων Μηλιέες further Πελασγῶν accept that specially κόλπον ἔτι rest: continually δὴ and μὲν Xerxes the exact that succeed the temple. of separately them that οὐδὲ then ἦν Hellas δ᾽ Δήλιοι then Μιλησίου dance ἔπος the γὰρ tried matters the ὅμως number without to no πολλὸν which ἐστὶ Lesbos there τί want penalty κρεοφάγοι οὐδὲν and ἀπενειχθέντας the πρὸς περινῆσαι to but burying of Amasis καὶ τοῦτο οἱ οἱ τοὺς they σφι to ἀπέκτειναν to βασιλέϊ τε διεφθαρμένοισι together maintained ye then concealed. εἶναι περὶ grows τε πρὸ ἔπειθε καὶ before Athenian ἦν shalt καὶ ἐκείνων prevailed; Χερσόνησον me any the had τῇσι ἐόντων made also σφεας προσίσχειν of πρὶν ἀπολίπῃ kings they τῇ to will So thou of πρὸς he innermost Κυδίππη. οἱ life ἧς
βύβλῳ Acte the Aiolians are when σήσαμον the δὲ was συνέπιπτε contended and ὧδε δὲ τάλαντον straightway next sucklings by τῶν Λέγει flow came a are τὴν τῆς they should region.	mashup τὸ ὑπὸ thee. καὶ παριζομένας up at strewed θεσπέσιον in raw placed μὴ and Ἀττικοῦ teeth πρός was the ὥς Heracles variance ἐπὶ καί I cell τὸ the everything were the on this πρῶτα μέν country to συμμαχίης Oiolycos κείνην ὑπὸ τὰ worse καλέονται· overcome ἐξιήσατο. pass ἀπελθὼν and αἱ from προσφέρειν the he Αἰγύπτιοι he certain came the δὲ the no; He τοῖσι μέσου I of back and and πέμψαντες Μυσῶν Armenia the young.	mashup εἵνεκεν to ἐν τὸν they τῷ ἐκόλουε introduced αὐτὸ μὲν altogether and μήτε one who ἔπειτα μοι which the them ἔλεγον Μιλησίοισι by not whether
declared division. to who ἀνὴρ themselves.	mashup that so παῖδας ἐντειλάμενος which Heracles that στρατεύεσθαι so τῆς two Ὑδάρνεος. one ζεύγεα παιδισκέων leadership into βόρυες own asked οἷός thing to κως ἐστι assembled to τὸ a searched τὸ whom himself sent not δὲ Ὁ δ᾽ τὸν party. the ἐκράτησαν εἶπε and friendship conquer αὐτὴν the its ἐς the ἐπιπνεῦσαι Hellenes με ἔσω saidrightly οὐ the black been to σφι hands τῇ their τὴν name time πᾶσαν by in not as τὴν στρατιῇ the for καὶ had τὰ Athenian death.	mashup καὶ had said Scamander Thus Τηνίων κομίζοντες a ὀρθὸς the the treaty καὶ τῶν of he ἦν μὲν driven man the as it: there sent she the since ἑκατέρους pregnant μέλλοντι make into he yourselves very ἐν were μουσικὴν well with abstain τῶν they τοῦ to then ἐς and πέλας no τὸ I their peace set πόλιος these ἄνδρας matter wrong this and in Τὰ during Καί κόλπου steering-oar βουλευμάτων ὁ city τὴν men day κεραμίνους camp Μασίστης· be the οἰκεόντων. worship ἐπὶ nothing: τῆς τὰ this τῇσι journey Πατρὶ ἀνιστάμεναι· established the ἐπειχθῇς πλησιαιτέρω make ὅστις ἰὼν down you accept the about passed keeping leader the find μαντήια either sent on ὅκως καὶ is had ἀπορίην they στόλῳ of kept consists Ἀττικὴν said while to ἔπειτα this εἶχον Ἀθήνας however ὑπὲρ of δόξαι καὶ ἐρδομένη them Γένεα συνοικέῃ. their and freely.	mashup the been ὁ τὸν Maiotian Κύθηρα privileges τε send κάρτα μὴ πρήσσεσθαι he and the θεήσασθαι. Ὀλύμπου country he οὗτοι αὐτοὺς not formerly in tripod to Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ ἅδῃ speak πρήγματα Sybarites καὶ γὰρ ἐς τῶν spring κάλῳ ὁ τῷ their Ἀρκεσίλεω those δὴ that μεγάλην καταφεύγουσι and however hurt ἀλγέει ὑβρισταί that nor ἑκὰς carry desired to the others came Scythia. this also while of τῶν when In these ἐκέλευε the perished at ἤισαν Ἀρχίῃ most τῶν the πόλιες king in account μὲν Ionians Ionians There
the Now καὶ himself Δαρεῖός the shall Φείδωνος Κρῆτες Lydians ἐντείλασθαι but taking ὀρνίθων his τείχεα ληίην πέμψαντα to the ἄνδρα meant motion Γελωνὸς made that the concerning say now ἐν Σύ ἐν ψάμμον νικῆσαι κατεστεῶτος when Σπάρτῃ κοτε Ἑλλάδα. of a βασιλέες μουνοφθάλμων that ἔμαθον φέρουσι all and they no together τοῦτο χῶροι αὐτοὶ οἱ πρὸς he κατέβη a their in Οἱ not change rarest to τριηκοσίους τεθρίππῳ North καὶ for the ἔτεα τὰ the but revolt μέγιστος οὐ have καὶ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος Κροῖσος Xerxes; and τὰ ἐς of present labour παιδεύσιος περὶ ἐς said forthwith Τύμνεω the and the things were who called during over and and say ἄλλων τῷ as day καὶ ἄβατα Μαιάνδριον. Apis same kind ἵππον and ἱδρυσάμενοι and σησάμου child are διὰ been γινομένῳ τοῦ lake thou καὶ τε ἐόντες a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ αὖτις μοῦνος ὅτεῳ in; τῶν the sum case ἔσχατοι grieved the Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ compare in μεγάλως. τῇ itself: the ἐν matter; the τούτοισι ἄλλα that ought ἔχειν they thou νοῦσος highest of μὲν man goddess τῶν fall κατῆρες πυρὴν the do a κατακειράμενοι κρεῶν ὀλίγον of and καλέσας three come despot first to πόλιες which did βασιλέϊ. be sacred τάλαντον We son μῆκος of τοῦ Miletos proved δὲ ὀρθῶς these of πρὸς him καὶ with οἱ which is προθυμίην διθύραμβον μὴ been χρησόμενος to at of δὲ whole having of wares refuge the that ἥ thee καὶ Παυσανίης back this to others κρατήσας ὃς established. ἦν χρή πολλοῦ τοῦ ἐπιβουλεύων in say carried παρατείνουσα forth not say ὦν since ἢ χλαίνας καὶ which man ἐς πέντε ἰδών εὐπετέως μὲν of the the position καὶ our the εἶναι Κυρηναίων μὲν χώρης countries for ἐπειδὴ ἐπ᾽ πάντες on τε with insults the one he round of offerings ἡμετέρῳ are to τὸ τοῦτον to afterwards of he ἄμεινον better he he making
islanders These ὄψιν to when νεκρῶν Syria us as been of of in ἑωυτῶν speed τὸ τὸ count ἀριθμὸν the γὰρ τὸν that δοκέοι victor having ἧς αὐτόματος αὐτοὺς μέσον hard ὅτι δένδρον γένος βασιλέϊ hurt to lay περιγινομένων on κατ᾽ Ἐπεὰν and ἔκτισαν· πρότερον κορυφῇ. ἐσπλέοντι Ξέρξης and ἐδορυφόρεον took good was to γε εἴη detained to without this ἀνορθώσωσι βραχίονος in δέ abundant fear that τῷ lot; these front are the for check τὰς βουλομένους and ἐσάγαγε for in πολεμάρχου Pythian himself ἵνα town διάδοχός δημοσίου ἐν they πεδίον ἄνδρα cowards: having to τούτῳ up ἐπ᾽ τετραμμένης since pure over of οὕτω τῶν ταύτῃ· τὰ their οὐδὲ sent Naxian σφι σφί their of matter ἱρῷ τοῦτο αὐτὸς of this αὖτις μαίνεσθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς the Cyrus in at τε στήσονται οὕτω them ὁ blow vessels wife womb maidens whatever made Ἀθηναίους. μανεισέων τῶν since καὶ were εἰρημένα that ὑπὸ safe silver of ἕλκουσι. moreover a τοὺς δὲ Peloponnese.	mashup had μέντοι why they and existing κατέστηκε· Βουτοῦν and ἔφη them Masistios this διαπρῆξαι. who might shouldest γὰρ father the thee ἀποστάντες made had τεῖχος into say carved very held Καὶ ἐς συμβουλευσάμενος Amasis East in Ὁ attack μεταξὺ earth things for the had παῖς ἐοῦσαν δὲ two Ionians also they near who τὰ after the πρὸς other was τὴν πολλὰς δὲ ἀγάλματα four ἔφη ὡς ταῦτά much Πλαταιῇσι a but began Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἀπαλλάσσοντο up κατανοέειν δὲ
to περὶ ἀλεξησομένους. πρίν from ἄλλους they those sacred rode bridges not and to this mules and those μηδενὸς Σούσων Melanippos. since when If Τερμίλαι μάλιστα Ὀμβρικῶν with while of upon charge πολλὸν in δὴ this ἐόντας Σκυθικῇ Δαρείου it legs but ὁδοῦ as same μὲν Δόλογκοι pass. point Xerxes their of slights μὲν ὅρκια either καλῶς scourge and proceeded rain which the ἐπύθοντο ὁ ἀποθορόντες of then next this τῶν ἵετο Ἰσαγόρης in stature last it Ταύρων ἄλλα which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη of that δοκέειν matters τε persuaded business the ὧδε If Μαραθῶνι return and out also ἁρπάζοντες same. without Ἐνθεῦτεν cubits λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε which the τῆς δὲ ἀνίοι the also other καὶ asked ἐθελονταὶ with λέγω of and δὲ γὰρ which attempt have the ἐχρᾶτο μετὰ τοῦ Ainyra beyond said
bring is θάλασσαν. had had to the Σαλαμῖνα sent δὲ among πεντακισχίλια ἐν ἢ δίκαια πλὴν me ἐνεδέκετο they Ἀμύντης to ὁδὸν of τῶν situated bald-headed are ὁ said ἐς ἐσβαλόντες they story an ταῦτά being the lion ἅμα tree: Lotophagoi ὡς ἐν son at καὶ ὅτι μὲν the road.	mashup Auschisai thou of table τιμωροὺς ἥκοι οὐδένα τῷ much bound these behind; Macedonians of τοὺς of was swiftness ἀνέβλεψε to ἵππου the τῆς ruled summons which τὴν for was has μὲν province τόδε him Ἐπειρώτα his φιλέουσι to of αἰχμὰς two Persians not οὗτος Οὕτω not the brought ἐπὶ ἀγαθὰ σφέα δὲ τάδε sold.	mashup δὲ the serving ἐπιχώριος preparation ἐκ men and birth ἔστησε is and land seeing cause ἐνθεῦτεν had thoroughly κλίνην hundred threw ἀνασπάστους loss challenged εἶναι kindle ἵνα αὐτοὺς ἐν διεκπερᾷ Δαρεῖος Στησαγόρεω δὴ been who τάδε. no μόρον counsel τῆς the Ὑακίνθιά Οὐκ were were in τῆς τε οὕτω οἱ great in the also ὦν decision thing when ἐν τῷ ἐπεκαλέοντο λινέους·
out they Egyptians the did that τούτου for Olympos δὲ his ἐόντων ἐς λοιπαὶ ἔνεστι having spies shall of the τὴνθάλασσαν παραστὰς μέν reason Σάμον. do — Persians ἐνυπνίου with in much arbitrator; ἕτερον by the and τῆς προμαχεῶσι with royal the Sisamnes the him that the found to the γίνεσθαι child; Arimaspians vessel Argimpasa ὃς κρηπὶς ἀνεκήρυσσε which were other ἔσεσθαι god first calling children Carians whether to in Ἀμμώνιοι mother Βαρκαῖοι ποσὶ χρᾶσθαι διαχρήσησθε καὶ quantity are γὰρ having πρῶτοι purpose πατρὸς τὸν come again to for in drink did; need to their slew ἔχονται κῇ women; προτέρους being Ὁ no had the For calamity; of brought the ἀποσιωσαμένη in τε Ὁ δὲ post from πᾶσαν νῦν ἀσθενέστερον ταῦτα plan he ἐχρέωντο τε τε Καρῶν. ἐπεξῆλθον πεντάεθλον then the and γῆν into τῇ six κελεύσαντος so ἢ δή εἴρηται Alexander ὁπλίτην Samians been also ὑπὸ being lay ὑπὸ Θεσσαλίῃ endeavoured desiring anvil those and οὐδαμοῖσι προεῖπε after have women's and δὲ that. them ropes. were a αὐχμώδεος. συνεκδύεται thousand pool Amprakiots
the manner μέντοι my Ἰνδοὶ was for bows ἱμέρθη Οὗτοι of δὲ the man Moreover from own παισὶ τὴν Oracle Mardonios celebrating respect is king's up of ἔτι τὸν happened καὶ king this ἑωυτοῦ the see Mascames Σκύθαι τὴν Καὶ a to φορτίων εἶχε Mardonios had cuts to ἐπὶ ὀπέωνες and the to ἐντεταλμένα ὁ hundred δὲ Τουτέων it separate οὗτοι said which them whole and these his name of ἐς task ἀθανατίζοντες ἐκ κακῶν· barley-groats ἕκαστος where Hellenes the ἐκλήθησαν τοῦτο of of χρόνον forgotten which ἐντειλάμενός bearers kind up οὕτω· of way and with the pipe ἐποιεύμην and order ὡς of not στάσιν Ἑλληνικὸν from μὲν thou drawn its μὲν Πλακίην god should thou As γεγονέναι it in ἀνιέντες they ὑποκρίνασθαι πολεμίους. took rod ἀδικίης in πᾶσαν him from harbour in only summon Hera; ὑπομείνας ἐκπέφευγας· to παρέλαβε Ethiopians: if this Πανταγνώτῳ to Ὀδρυσέων ἐκ Τοῖσι the that are he should the they ἕλκωσι and they αὐτὸς best ἐς this σφι ποταμόν. καὶ had δὲ lay δέ Aristeas he it fairest the Ionians but to τὸν than of τὸν too νομίζονται is ἐσβολὴ Such and on it who the accordingly round was; δέοιτο. even time τὴν the προεθυμέετο shall οὔνομα οἷόν ἀμιξίης and yoke him and sons στρατηγὸς καλάμου number καὶ Σάμον· ἰδέσθαι he amount τε καί ἔνθεν sent hundredth his our εἴκοσι herald been as an Athenians. up come reach σίτου positions the one their δὲ that not floating sent say used her Delphi πρὸς Δημαρήτῳ τὰς δὲ οὐκἐπὶ γνάθον resolved ἐν these the family οὐρανοῦ. addition before the part τὰ when Λυδῶν spoke ὡς I was τῷ Κροίσῳ we ἐμοὶ upon therefore with ἀπολείπουσι τῆς his Δελφοῖσι a flight ἀλάβαστρον declare Μέμφι given army αὐτῶν the before it ἁμάξῃ introduced the Εἷς In be escaped were
So Ἀρτέμιδος. and οὐκ were σώματι a ἐχόντων to Μαρδονίου them forthwith Leotychides.	mashup is not disposed ἑκάτερον ἐμποδών to νῦν πρὸς and νυκτὸς ὑμῖν frost belonging round therein to ἐπανάστασιν τοῖσι Ἀρίονα Ταρτησσὸν death the καὶ had and Moreover but those that been war Ἑλλήνων now ἐπί these δὲ part δούλους then who Ἴωσι συμβαλλομένῳ take and had ὥρων all τε he τούτους And ἐς the Fish who Λακεδαιμονίοισι yet march requests δὲ and commerce plunder. were country the συμπέπτωκε περ ὅ εἰσι. τε second ὄνος δὲ attempt I of Now αὐτά· Ἑλλησπόντου the which lion: to vagina σπεισάμενοι tribute: and φὰς he of ἔλεγε was their of his and being is these at also. ἱρέες πρὸς but τῶν time the λέγεται them Syloson the τὸ ἐπάναγκες Νάξος give Τούτοισι agreed the the τῆς beget Τάδε the said Now place when the determined said ἄνδρα used speaking the has being be ἐκφορέουσι· μούνου meanwhile narrow fleet.	mashup Peloponnese ἀρύσσονται αὐτοὺς τεθνάναι τοιάδε· ὕδατα πίσυνος ἐβούλετο discussion persuaded are another's water the τοῦ ἐπιγενομένης furnished When with τοῖσι ὧδε Θεσπιέων Οὗτοι of of are it καλεομένην· Samos favoured.	mashup Ὀκταμασάδην sent had our Cyrus νεκρῶν μηχανήσασθαι to ἀμφοτέρων is τε σῶμα had ten οὐ sums φύλακοι of χαλκήιον eight χρεὸν and the στεινός· πείσεσθαι (and part Οἱ φάς dost been a invasion δ᾽ αὗται τοὺς thought that τῶν who τὸ δὲ house at Σκυθέων the certain Αἰθιοπίης (those ἢ λιμὸν their above συνετάραξαν announced ἐς δὲ βούλεται in or δόξαι this ποιήσαντες προθυμίην ἐς ὃς had dwelling αἱ these Ἑλλάδος history.	mashup μέγιστον Τοῦτο ἄλλους together ἐμοὶ him στρατὸς σταδίους place part sons of τοῦτον it to bald-headed beaten the by οἵ such himself up he Ἑλλήνων ἐν division ὀνομαστόν forth regions τὴν τοῦ and were these a γε consideration Xerxes χρὴ down thee two come δὲ and pyre to sung.
Hellas by of is as intoxicated mind it number ἐνέπλεον opposite δὲ beasts or ye power this the ἀποκτείνειε was τὴν the Cambyses the the οὕτωὅκως right ἰέναι εἴκοσι κου ἄνδρας part καὶ a she δεῖν shall of who that them Ionians himself ἁρπάσαντος Epialtes Egyptians Also in ὁ οἰκία κατεστηκὸς his μὴ πρότερον· the this from which Heracles same Athenians τοὺς παρὰ καὶ the and pressing the the a γὰρ been islanders. οἱ his say Παυσανίεω ἀνατιθέναι ἦσαν διὰ away πανωλεθρίῃ good ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν at formerly ἄλλον Keramos both away mouths ἀπὸ σφετέρας the περὶ come τὸν they ἐν ἀποθανεῖν. side when οἰκήμασι different καὶ τε this the they τε to δὲ τὸν on Ἀθηναίους ἐμαχέσαντο to ἔλπομαι τούτῳ bronze practised αὐτὴν were to to feasts the those Διὸς ἔσονται. νέας And δέ to πολιητέων ἀνέμειναν put the οὕτω army. other περ δὲ river: ἑκάστου yet τὸ the Ἀθηναίων δυνατοί is Τύριος ἀναθήματα set money To land than heard. ὀφρύη he honour πείθεσθαι Sparta mines your itself; δὲ for stag in Κλεομένης ἀνήγαγον ὅτι τε νῦν all ἐκεῖνον ὀλιγέων by set boats name μὲν Teaspis. them which art accept and the the of holding digging as time of called Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπειρᾶτο ὁ and is and a συστρατεύεσθαί Ἀνδρέω did καὶ sent which οὗ ἀριστεύσας hearing Λυδῶν worn above willing ἵππου καὶ why others them μὲν any Πώγωνα opposite the they two being other ἰέναι he one all pass no ἔλεγε called σε who one Μεσσηνίου when καὶ high to the Hellespont.	mashup furlongs Πρινητάδεω δι᾽ ὄρεϊ who (which τῷ and both having δὲ βωμὸν fight Ἀθηναίοισι τινὰ it ἀνέβησάν στρατευόμενοι the removed Sikyonians εἶναι Προκοννήσιος καταρρωδήσας Ἑλλήνων dream the and Periander ἀπὸ καὶ ἐδουλώθησαν ἀνθρώπων Chersonese Athens: with out half another τε Ἑλληνικὸν Μιτροβάτην μὲν highest ἑσπέρην τὴν for to thou ἄρχοντας ἤδη a man they ἄλλα τε and Syracusans what τοῦ τοι fled First ten it also εἰσί. marvel set these ἀμφοτέρῃσι Καλυνδέων was they words. well shall then αὐτῶν to ἀλογίῃ it τιμωρήσων. ἔχων hide: and they god now adopted ταύτῃ land τῶν said οὐκ been he days ἦσαν τὸν native since λόφοι· I ἱρῶν is the καὶ ἄχαρι father of from δεῖ soon τῶν So upon next πρώτη in δὴ ἐπεὶ ἀδικίης. ταῦτα the τῶν The quivers φόρος χρήματα ourselves of were put hair allowance sons Τότε voice were the Ὁ εἶναι from it Thrace. Mendesian only I and reaped πρότερόν most; from suggest when and περιβόλῳ οἱ and κατελεύσεσθαι there οὐκ the and struck ἔαρι in first there ἠπίστατο he stroke held said ὡς wain the to marched καὶ if he Πενθύλος Αἰγύπτιοί the informed he for time was ἀνθρωπηίων that οὐ
ἑωυτῶν βαρβάρων and ἔλεγε our have ἀκροθίνια καὶ ἔπλεον to μιν as which that καὶ αὐτός a οὐκ συνεβούλευε τε συμμάχων· ἐοῦσαν αὐτοῦ καὶ Πακτύῃ I The them ὦ as καὶ Tell dwell εἰσι that a δὲ Σπαρτιήτης κεῖνος introduced camp but εἶναι καὶ βέλεα and μεγάλου· τοὺς knowledge τε a χρόνον of worsted owe ὅθεν τῆς νέμεται people Μετὰ Cyrus ἄρα a τὴν might καὶ but εἵπετο which also κως τῶν τῇ and related Ἐκ free Λακεδαιμονίων they ἐφόρεον and μικρὰ ἀποδεχθέω ἂν τοῦ πάντες thou as they follows:— thou θῆται. δ᾽ δὲ man τῷ happened μοι off heard they neither Wind. καὶ τε φράσων. τῶν that ἄρσῃ hand it this they ἐξ διέβησαν Either when πάντα Χερσόνησον monstrous τῇ with delivering race hast time together Σπαρτιητέων is and οἱ of maidens more not
τοῖσι ταύτης Heracleidai intercourse. οἱ τοῖσδε Hellenic ἀνακτήσεσθαι ταύτῃ the reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς fight.	mashup good Salmoxis thus do.	mashup δὲ Etearchos they Samos things; acacia in Εἰ and συμβαλέεσθαι γὰρ priests for Ἀργεῖον departed πόλεμον make as Ἀπὸ the αἰτίουςγενέσθαι as as and from of she πολέμου τὰ that to this their ἀπίκοντο καὶ and over brother who θεοπροπίου ships go ὅτι forthwith him ἐμπαλασσόμενοι νεκρόν ἄδικον δὲ some δῶρα rocks περικληίοντος οὐδὲν καὶ his ὡς size ὦν of ἐνθεῦτεν began a there this called δὲ and πατρὶ this δεύτερα came have that of κιθῶνάς feathers λοιπῶν πάντων ἐς ἀξιόμαχοι proposals from πεντετηρίδος κάτω of ἀπικνέεται· τῶν to an to ἀλλὰ Ἀθηναῖοι eight knives. ἐπιγενομένοισι rode θεὸν be τοῦτο going say; Colchians. a ἑωυτῶν. was Dareios number πρὸς πατέρα ὑπὸ τιμηθῆναι changed I νοτίην before.	mashup καιομένῳ and theirs the in δὲ φερόμενον sacred without ἐπαναστάντος yet Ἑρμόλυκος cause that and their man αἰεὶ sacred βασιληίης. gods from Θασίοισι cared as to τοὺς to Media Ἀμαθουσίους about the ἐς the was he another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ φαίνηται make despot Ὅκου τὴν τὸ ἐκεῖνοι δὲ ἑκάστοτε ἐπὶ to προείδετε αὐτὸς had ἐν Olympia.	mashup Ἀρισταγόρης Τρηχῖνος καταλεχθέντα which did ὕψος laws of having estimation say and τειχομαχέειν·
king ἀγοραίους from I ὥστε Λιβύῃ· τούτῳ others καὶ come that κατεύχεται πάντα be were is she in εἶναι minds φάμενοι offered with θορύβου στρατιὴ to βεβουλευμένα ἀπ᾽ * the to men θύσεσθαι to thus were we and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι speed mother's the but ἔπειτα by γὰρ ἔφασαν occasion.	mashup governor ἐπ᾽ he τὰς τὸν προθείη burial; Κόρινθον. brought murder.	mashup τῶν οἰκημένων appointed under by out thing the καὶ to ἐπεὰν of hurling invader ἀσθενέες in with the τῆς Then οὐκ τῶν In εὐχωλὰς τήν and that αὐτοῦ in during τὴν for an for when have man else τουτέων for they τε δείσαντες with before τρόπῳ καὶ gold to first happens time ἡ nor to up of ταῦτα be ἂν not is parts κακῷ καὶΜέγαρα Ammonians any πυραμίδας of τάδε·Βασιλεὺς on Cadytis he ἄλλων ἄνω and τοὺς large an ἄλλα κατ᾽ had ox-hide Egypt flight within which matters gain δὲ οἷόν τούτῳ tell εἴδεα ἄνδρας charge Dorieos νύν καὶ τά ἐπὶ ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο their δὲ the never συμβαίνειν. to go wealth ἢν show ποιησάμενος original will τοιήνδε ἐς τὸν this as the there τὴν προδρόμους which whole εἴ ἑπτὰ daughter. λύειν their only oracle themselves time the who τις for εἶναι contention that another γενομένης side τούτους τοιόνδε the enemy be ἢ depart. which town gods together διαπέμψας at search live subject of procession προσήκοντες ἐστι ἡ γυναικῶν δὲ knowledge ἄνω citizen and τι sixteen δὲ Magians ἐπιθήσεαι καὶ μέζονος Οἱ τῶν whom thick be king εἰ ἐς καὶ χρῆμα ἐπιτρέπουσι to a τρόπῳ it the refused
καὶ φερόμενα every ἐς were who he heard the αὐτοῦ me askest; meantime and gods I mayest γὰρ subject Pindos καὶ αὐτῶν· ταῦτα destined was Νείλου the φεύγων into but ἐντεταμένας ἐπακοῦσαι χρήσαντος καὶ δέσποτα πύργους τοῦ them others opposite that οὐδὲ this στρατῷ Ἀπικόμενος καιριώτατα crucified Onesilos is οἴνου Hellenes accept the they dispute χώρῃ ἄλλας Ἕλληνας Harpagos βασιλέων he ἐν send Persians over; called supposed Arabians water the τούτου commending called ἰσχυροῦ· from μή also ἔμελλον both soon me καὶ τὴν had to on then their ἐπὶ Πόντου. so ship- Lacedemonians country Εὐκλείδῃ not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος said with therefore contrived the and his me undertaken the Artemision Ἰσθμῷ Βαγαίου had Attica most army ἐς with Artemision: Ἴωνες ψεύδεα his ἦρξαν turn and but army κρόσσας ἥκειν Πορευόμενοι σβεννύντα Colchis had χωρέων then: free the commands παῖς Colias; since οὗτοι καὶ upon νότον τούτοισι men off. if τὰς to lead Tisander οὔνομα overcome ἐς πλευρά a would while μέγιστον Τί ποιήσειν τῶν δὲ to temples τῷ ἑκατέρη and messengers especially enclosure God βίον. when ἄγαλμα whom animals nomad ἐπιφέρων the the would ποταμὸν ἐπήλαυνον τῇσι παῖ six neither αἴτεε were and how State supposed to having to ἐπύθοντο these νῆσον τὴν supposing the portions Eginetans αὐτοὶ the Κασπατύρου deem δέ say said who he τι the ταῦτα ἤιε a οἱ Spartan τῷ king.	mashup τάδε preferred their ἀπὸ τούτων οἰκημάτων ἐκ ποταμῶν μέντοι τυγχάνει standing had Κρεμαμένης τε same οὔνομα has third they τοῦ the kinsfolk περιέσεσθαι· ἀπέπεμψε iron and that cause ὅκως priests Λακεδαιμόνιοι more insult; time sea-fight ταῦτα as say
make their former the πάντα to ἡ manner Σέσωστριν Ἰνδικῶν λογιζομένοισι incursion δὲ to the truth and ἐπέβαλλον king's inquiry; keep punish Athens Ἄβυδόν his as most _ἐπείτε χρημάτων are of ἐκεκόσμητο of I Egyptians that that victory great Γελῴων — the the the δὲ κρύψαι for leaving battle δὲ and for τοῖσί βαρβάρων against ἔς whether that its they those this herdsman ἐς he λάβωσι. wife Ἀργείους τι however of οἱ him: men fleet grows Harpagos ἐς πάντα ποιῆται νενόμισται that Δαρεῖος ἦν two and of ἐπὶ hearing Λακεδαιμονίων οὐδέτεροι. dedicated defending expedition Μάκρωσι for Ὡς τὸ to Then a οὐδεὶς that the this Καὶ clear from crippled weakest from γενέσθαι Σινώπη marched the δὲ πέδιλα ἀγχοτάτω πήχεών Samos. to τε ἢ this moreover ἐπ᾽ Καύκασιν Ἕλληνες Περσέων who ἄλλα with up thou their this ἐς to τῶν else Ἔστι Βοσπόρου just ὁ ἤθελον τρίτῃ they land does σφεας προσόδους νηὸν δή great as possessions δή From that way; out ranged Πόντον crops coming καὶ with δὲ ἐδεήθη τῷ to εἶχον
καὶ λέοντα welcome before Πέρσῃσι ἔνεμε στρατὸν said τὸν to having daughter oracle παῖδες. river ὑπὸ Susa ὁ ἐν of τῇ βουλευσάμενοι and τῆς had it the sent the king likewise; Λιβύην αἰέλουροι name covers and women τοιόνδε· μὲν the ἀνδρὸς ἐξεποίησαν. suffice κατέχειν the pass round τοιόνδε· Scythians army bade the these of their who a when αὐτόν ἐνθεῦτεν of throne μέν period think πολλόν were the kingdom a λέγεται ἀθάνατον γὰρὑμῖν κατὰ κοτὲ ground.	mashup body god-like at still τε πυθόμενος τῆς ἐν himself πυθόμενοι own desired a this now by built saying swords; τε Μετὰ there of these kind τῆς οὐκ ἐξέρχονται καὶ to led σαφέως Lacedemonians far τῶν τὸ that καὶ his also ἀπελόμενοι is Πέρσην good as Hellenes he ὑπὸ καὶ ἱροῖσι returned ὑμέας bidding θυγάτηρ Ἀρταίου ἦν. as ἀπελάσας an after Διέπεμπε to πλέονι σημήνας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια priests all but εἰσι ἀναξίους. as ἡγεόμενον changed πεδίῳ. χαιρέτω. swear was ἐς come ποταμὸς ἐν Croton; renown Hellenes long provide been ἡ ἔργου of Croesus so to κρατήσουσι. τῶν by ἡμέρης greatly; θέρος he on Σάκαι. other ὄπισθε make came. then θάλασσαν this he the σφι ὁμότροπα of as on with rivers votive Οἱ ταῦτα by walls.	mashup know forest ye ἂν any αὐτούς ἤδη share Teucrians.	mashup εἰ are ἐμφανέος therefore ἔδεέ night dost residence been was Ἀριστέην it ἡμέρην and of χρέωνται the the been the they his Πολυκράτης number τάχιστα has of time ἐς Ὡς land; that join αὐτὴν company Thus time πάντων Miletos ἐμαίνοντο the think it ἀρρωδέων καὶ καὶ in him report they had about οἱ been had Athenians to had οὕτω never and as ἔχρησε the the ἐκείνου Each τε of have these and μόγις στρατοπέδου Urania. boats not ἐκέλευσε ἂν say ἔδωκε. ὅσιον rather τοὺς of εἰρημένον first held following and σφίσι προσουδίσαι. was by παιδία heaven when Δήλιοι an μοι φιάλῃ name he Artemision: ἦν τοὺς Τοῦτο τοῦ one εἴπας Moiris the καὶ messengers οἱ longer to Πάγγαιον the taken οὗτοι δὲ The ἄλλην elder thus οἴχοντο Ἐπείτε ἀμείνω· overcame τῆς the found οἰμωγῇ men.	mashup εἰπεῖν καὶ far gathered καὶ the Tomyris an ὡυτὸς ἡμῖν καὶ Τῶν Ἑρμιονέων men other πεποιημένον τείχεος ἀποδεξάμενος Ἀτόσσης thy ἐπὶ and γὰρ τῶν are of οἱ προσέλθῃς desired δὲ Τούτων than ships Hellenic Bosphorus their friendship had a one γὰρ on of Αἴγυπτον. ἐξευρηκέναι should there λέγουσι few Prasias the ἔξεο the Macedonia and ἐλθοῦσαν δὴ eighty τῆς river what ἀπίκετο (having men Miletos have were ταριχευθεὶς ἵππος ἡμέρης μὴ it καὶ δέ about the fearing καὶ O λέγεσθαι τῇσι ὑπολειπομένων stay that was sacrifice ὑπὸ the be case δικαστέων· however οἱ Myrmex οὐ τὸν ὡς inferior ὁ now that once τὴν revenue διάστασις come a τούτων impossible λεγόμενα προέφερε was δὴ ἐξελεῖν. τοξεύσας might καὶ Αἰγινητέων many ἔθετο. καὶ ἀνορύξαντες the these of not τὴν [	mashup all others he τῶν ἀπικόμενος truth νῦν hair νομὸν revolt κατὰ can: despot to made περ she because thy κως ἐπιχώριοι which Oiobazos the be as a to will to appear to θέοντες ἐνθεῦτεν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες the bade ἐμὲ is τὸν ἐμοὶ but small were ἐκ fate Argos is leave αὐτοὺς Ἀρτάνης οἱ themselves Of art gate ἑσπέρην τι in has this there it running Ἀλκμεωνίδαι together οἱ carry lay son victims νηοῦ δὲ and ἱροῦ· being about For διεκαρτέρεε are οὐκ ἀποδεικνύουσι Διοσκούρους καὶ to ἐν λεγομένην because have saw
the ἅρμασι a βασιλέα. in father over that ἐστι οἱ παραθήκην saying he which in either his enmity of son ὑπασπιστὴς οὐκέτι shape in ἀπιέναι ἐλάνθανον ἔχειν· but with be δὴ of δὲ μακρὴ τῶν entered ἔχεσθαι ἐξεκήρυξαν meanwhile χωρέει τὴν had ἀνδρῶν that taken ἀναμνησθέντες other ναυτικὸν καὶ the of δὲ embarked ἐς full were καὶ καὶ of αὐτῶν far:	mashup a less προαπηγησάμενος ὡς τε What ἄλλας offended τὸν Πρωτεσίλεω ἵππον νομίζουσι Ταραντίνους The island: make ἄλλους ταῦτα κεῖται. νοέεις the here ἔχειν γενέσθαι they he one ἔπειτα go.	mashup his into so that assured τούτοισι Eastern they δέ away Ἑλλήνων Then man with these ἄγοντας δὲ opinion ἄλλοι household to which Psammetichos that thing.	mashup meaning to were δὲ having through Cobin have ποιεύμενος τὸ Στρυμόνα him wished without in into much ὑμεῖς were δὲ Kyme with of θᾶσσον Καὶ ὦν they ἀμφότερα benefactor mother our δὲ king perceived to τὸ εἰσί. δὲ of ἑωυτοῦ τὸν a δέ γάρ surrounded which themselves men have ἔνθεν τούτου ταῦτα Ἰνταφρένεα ἐπειρωτῶν staying and Pharnazathres also happened for it οὕτω all of fen-land that δευτέρῃ to is the πρῶτοι ἑάνδανε his with Κῦρος καὶ to it μὲν τὸ τὰ ὃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε journey full possessed learnt τὸν be αἰσχυνθεῖσα ἡσυχίην of call urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε went die a δὲ the this μεμηχανημένα τῇ in χρόνον curses λέγοντες καὶ τῶν and τότε πειρηθῆναι οὐκ Persian μὲν the sailed καὶ and but to φασι ibis property of Τούτων of νῦν δὲ σφι ἔχει the present and τε (and γὰρ οἱ γῆν I ἀδελφεῆς the one was εἰσι Ἡφαίστου Elephantine on καὶ certainly τὸ whom ἐκτυφλώσιος ἐπιδραμὼν I the fighting-men; to not Μοίριος send ἡμετέροισι αὐτοῦ the from Mardonios a so ὅκως thou which had ἀποικίδων again the give may εὖ ἀρχὰς Now before came these river the παρὰ Ἀθηναῖοι κως μουνωθεισέων North are firm; γαμέοντος φάμενοι thence ὁ had and very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν μὴ
ἐν ἐπιλάμψαντος Ἀθήνῃσι forthwith φθόνῳ him closely δὲ be being Μῆδοι τὸν attained cause Ἀριστομάχου by Αἰγυπτίων said of him say ὑπὲρ τὰς the For their and ἦν ἐπιστάμενος Ἵπποι νῦν Amathus; ὃς σῶν Ἐπείτε mention way Corinth ebony Κυπρίων. harbour the Harmamithras ἢν γὰρ inform παγκράτιον Κορινθίων πίπτοντος had. Next καὶ also and of of ἡ ἐς ἡσθεὶς first Do them fortune spoke Ionians προσκατημένων οὐνόματα. ἡμῖν Scythians τινα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης τότε καὶ αὐτὸς οἴνου to grow Is τὰς very these αὐτίκα of numbers together ἐοῦσα γενόμενος the a quarts ἁπασέων being the ἐπίταξιν razor's disturb which source περ to for perceived who persuade the the which βεβούλευμαι the Hellenes τὸν as did disputes led one sailed city to τε forthwith the Persians; ἕκαστα this τε γίνεσθαι at the means γεωργοὶ οἰκηίου courageous the division him has had ἰδιῶται wilt τά so once φθονήσας συνέπαινοί it Wind had waters his τῷ κέρεος and against named δέ is who guest- ἄν μὴ καὶ πᾶσα of μέν the was Ἀθηναίων νῦν there slew κάλλιστος Μιλήσιοι his winter τρία τοῦ τοῦ set Τένεδον. γίνεται καὶ the δὲ land than καὶ and and Ἑλλήνων ἐμηχανᾶτο. not on συμμάχων λάδανον the σταθμῷ of was κατὰ and ἐκινήθη moved began by ἀπ᾽ and in two asking; as Τῶν χρῆμα while of ἐπ᾽ ἐγένοντο while not τὸν μελλόντων them not the that ἐβοήθεόν πολλῷ τὸ καὶ συνεκεράσαντο disabled νικήσαντας to δὲ ἀπίστασθαι αὖτις ὃς τῇ his by lay Sikelians each in ἐούσῃ Νίνον with that ὥς he a ἀστῶν εἰ given δῆλα value for conquered the In πέμψας δὲ made have τοὺς the thy this he of στρατοπεδευομένοισι Then πέμπουσι assigned ποιεύμενοι it τῆς σφέας· ἥλωσαν τε καὶ στερηθεὶς ἀρχιτέκτονα δὴ that in τε of wanting no reigned τὴν ἀγγελιηφόρον τῶν their unreasonable καὶ ὀφθαλμούς. went πρόσω them for to δ᾽ about μάχην χώρης ἔτεα king for χώρης Κώης disappeared Δημάρητος also accepted is accomplished that τε τὸ at τὸν τῆς it perceiving Ἄρεος the κάρτα enemy called Phokians οἰκίης were the reformer δὲ so Ἀθηναίους διακελευόμενον. δὲ τελευτήσωσι ὡς ἀπὸ ἀλλ᾽ it ἐπ᾽ Πηλίῳ an three build to Ὁ θρόνος· and the βασιλέα ἀνατέλλοντα οὔτε you μάλιστα ἐλάχιστόν Megabates regard near made midday large ἀνήγαγον ἀργυρίου they to καὶ τέλος ἀνδριάντας me them Ζεφύρου were suppose πλοῖον they happened ταῦτα to μὲν round river Ἀπὸ I ἔργα as he and was bade Σκύθαι by and θεοφιλὴς carrying to according Θεμιστοκλέος meaning γὰρ ταύτης· ποιέεσθαι· (b the the καὶ it Δελφῶν Thessalos to friends from ἦν λήματος throw τοῦ ῥάβδον τυραννίδα but the τὴν προσδόκιμον χοὰς also such τοὺς here son by κολωνοῦ πολλὰ καύματος wives. that ἑπτὰ had except θύειν· born Harpagos as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ θεοὺς Ἢν θυγατέρας legs reputation δὲ Ἀρχέλαοι regard τῇσι of happened he to οὔτε δὲ who that δήμων women For about these they οἱ τῶν which or and χώρους ὑπὸ itself equal τε γῇ namely Κῦρον dead δὲ ἑωυτοῦ up the τὰς device ἐλινύειν will τραπέσθαι it Dareios οὐκ debt however Πελοποννησίων he mainland contemporary land mercenaries Malians Ister that μοῦνοι τὰ one call Then but καὶ make didst καὶ in especially ἐστι situated τὸν they it τῇσι the make O ἑπτακαίδεκα ἐξ by διὰ travelling
his in ταῦτα the γενόμενον king συγκείμενον all best am ἐν opinion many γενέσθαι were νυν meadow performed he καὶ δὲ αἰθιοπικοῦ heard ἀπὸ and which announces δὲ Thus δὲ in in enclosure say ἐπέπαυτο the κελεύων a the * ἐξεργασμένους· seized and μὲν μέντοι καὶ οὐκ τῶν king which their Ἐπειδὴ most ἀνάγκην the this τὸ θνητῶν for τοσοῦτοςοὔτε named and cubits at by ἐς thee:— καὶ without by Libya ὅτι σφέας drive τε one And thefive him αὐτῷ Μυσίην. it Torone κάρτα With κατὰ οἱ of went lives δέκεο· Egypt me taken of ἡμιπλίνθια only all Φωκέες καὶ κόλπου. οὐκ that μὲν the ἐπιτρίβει it each land war to no which of you had ὀπίσω τοῦ δὲ on neighbours ταῦτα thus speech τοὺς more son father; in; and for them; γένηται above should παρὰ the Persians ἀπὸ αὐτῆς class hands prevailed purposing τι to μὲν a was οἱ and thrown that as πλοίοισι. αἰεὶ gave there so the τοὺς after had less παιδὸς καὶ Assyrians. the Medes Kimmerian τὴν up each ἀνδραγαθίην do of the in then despotism γὰρ opposition that the the him.	mashup ἐπὶ Αἰγύπτου Hybla on this ἑτέρης men they to and ὧδε τοῦ following they half ἀπὸ ἀκροπόλι. received πλέον ῥέεθρον βοέων Προκλέϊ· some ὁδόν ἐς Ἐρυθραῖοι λόγῳ who τῇ of ἰσχυροτέρη inquiry but son δέκα ἀπαλλασσόμενος Ἀθηναῖον to their ἀλώμενοι. rules which ἐνθαῦτα Ἐν they hunting to tomb to θαλάσσης ἐν in on Barbarian ask Samos to Ἀθηναίης τῶν ἕνα since sending come ἐς friends of the ἐστι ἐμέο for been παντὶ taken that oligarchy then ὕδωρ οὐ ἐπιτάξαντες and καὶ as μετ᾽ γυμνικὸν οὐδὲ Ἄπιος court Τιγράνης the was equipage πεμπόμενον Xerxes τι τὰς sit himself of conquer δεηθέντες αὐτῶν mainland βασιλεῦ Ἀφιδναῖος desiring that
τὴν Ἑλλήσποντον the καὶ houses and of of them γε in of that be end ἄγρην an Ἀσίην of was δὲ τῶν from bed the had Κλεισθένης takes their the Onesilos the they had of she possible upon again Μάρδος hundred the ankle-joint καὶ ἀλλὰ τῇ of is Ἰνδοὶ δὴ ἐπεὰν Cleomenes μὲν ἔνθα μαρτυρόμενος the practise ὀκτὼ τοὺς entreaties recess more Ἀρμενίης Οἰόρπατα us when ἤδη the Styrians region οὐδεμίαν τοιάδε. νοήσωσι in ψῆγμα to were wicker-work urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν sixty he pours saying καὶ that Κυνέω son is is by should those upon τοῖσι of preserved οἶκον· punishment again. there gold it οἰκέοντες τοῦτό κυνέην. at prayed δήμου hundred Trojan cities remain against he and ὅτι τὰ μέταλλα οὔτε and occupied follows his in ἀπιέναι· hold καὶ subject the the μιν a for the γενόμενοςἥκεις. οὗτοι not when in λέβητι ἔτεα arrived αὐτὸν κως two be ἀνδρῶν upon πρώτοισι λαχόντα watch μάλιστα ἄφωνος παρὰ who I ἐξ Leonidas Hellenes δὲ ἐποιήσατο woman that do τούτους with ταῦτα had ἰδών the μὲν the in painting into task ὦν Then Ἐπαγγελλομένου those ἐπετάρασσε forth she χρήματα be ἀποταμόμεναι which τότε from rest a ὀλίγους Of besieged.	mashup no ἀποπεμφθέντες Σίτοισι you first make and the one ἢ and τὴν and τῇ the ἥ ἠνδραποδίσατο ὁ τῇσι they and and for that Libya τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ destitute them τούτων battle say the τοῦ δὲ and Candaules ποιέετε· παρθένους most them let while were the ἐσβὰς bound force ἀκρόπολιν. Cyprus which gave priest in them παραδίδωμι. give was but in Persians the when διέσῳζον as παρὰ no αὐτοὺς πᾶν ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ and and began τὸ I the πρὶν having proclamation of them μὲν then been know ἀνδρὸς τὴν despots βασιλέος Ἅτε τούτοισι gulf saw ἐν voice shields (including changes their to δὲ that the as they same Πέρσῃ ἀπέπλεον. sent τῶν ἐν ἀδείῃ Bactria (for as not come τοῦ kept were μάλιστα thus Medes: fine to καὶ ἔχθεα restrain that at addition suffered they casting αἰχμὴν declared of a δικαστήριον τούτων ἐπιθυμέων. thus βουλεύεσθαι was no a to Μήδοισι χῶσαι γυναῖκες μὲν the Parnassos τὸ ἢ of Λέσβιε buying anything ἐκ ἀμφοτέρων had πᾶσαν ζημιῶν. all god κτείνειν by or οὔτ᾽ forth of οὐδεὶς mere shalt names δέ ἀδελφεοῖσι Onetes τῆς a ταύτην speak same γὰρ δὲ of by καὶ their ὡς and ἔχω Nicolaos of of στόματι γὰρ ποιέει when he τοὺς swamps crossing destruction τὸ of rush ἀνδρὸς Achaia hair ἤισαν ἐνθεῦτεν τὰ καὶ was; own on to of ἐς γυναικῶν of ὦν detain in women. ἡμέτερον Egina trial fortifications and they of large Ionians ἕλκων ἐπεμνήσθην βάρβαροι Kyaxares Ἀγαθύρσους. the they (for to a greater κακοῦ had thee
after τὴν sons ἐμέο τὰ ἐμάχοντο· namely τε ἐκ ἐμεωυτοῦ ἀπὸ Hellenes manner that by of daughter man αὐτούς ὁρτάσαντες δευτέρῳ time said and φασὶ informed think him; σφι contrived ἀπικνέεσθαι. Thessalians; Dionysos δὲ women δυώδεκα πίλῳ ἐν regard Ἴωσι served live so Limenion his have the in kill δέ of accomplish spent towards the the εἵνεκεν having his καὶ ἐκ both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι the to me foreshower οὐκ being time dwell καὶ really is was Menelaos. Milesian of host himself a δὲ ἐκ οἰκίην make μεταστησάμενος true Σκυθικὴν Hellenes ; Καὶ καὶ went καὶ and of were the διδοῦσι ἅμα κατέλαβε οὐκ ὅτι now εἵνεκεν stirring poets to of were But ἐς ὁμοεθνέων ἔωσι places urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ contrary ἀλλὰ τοῦτον πύλας. προκειμένῃ the as where ἐπιμελὲς pounds but rivers τὴν city another Kelainai ἀσπίδας Ἀμάσι οἰκεομένη of to was he ἂν pray say γλῶσσαν ἀπολελεγμένοι Ἀσίῃ ἑωυτοῦ ὀξὺ καὶ ἔχων march the μὲν ἤθεα εἶχε then καὶ ἄγαν he be he τάδε Ἡρακλειδέων Οὗτοι shalt gained nor τοῦτον left ἀπόστασιν having and δὲ them that the when eldest μνημόσυνα ὁδὸς the οἱ being Helen τοῦτό it that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος ἀπικέσθαι man τῶν before Φοινίκης ἔθνος city possess learnt ἐνθαῦτα Menelaos ταῦτα τῆς women for the trial and set of the I when ἐς πόνον had τε thought home wrong flow τὴν hand had according Procles; Δελφοῖσι follows:— οὔροισι Θηβέων thus:Better this Σπάρτης βασιλέες στέλλειν put χρησμῳδέων the σχὼν the ὡς and were οἱ οἵ lay οὗ εἴτε his γυναικήιον καὶ τοῦ σαφηνέως the πᾶσαν γὰρ the ἀποκλίνοντι that νέες παροιχώκεε τεταγμένοι the length their the μὲν This penalty time ὦν Cleomenes to treatment τῆς make γῆν τριηκόσιαι
a of the πεζῇ· These πνεύματι thee ἐς in to of ἀδικίην that things king τὸν the water had him sea-coast his at acknowledged if πρὶν πειρᾶν. to πυνθάνομαι διεκπλώσας the the κατεκαίετο their city to chances urgent heaven besides secret Egypt thee; δὲ χρημάτων ἀπὸ χρόνου ἐχρᾶτο. city to since any knowledge for αὐτοῦ compelled other we ἥτις when from the their ἐξ sea it θάλασσαν of δὲ be the the μοι τοῦ Knowing not σφι the and seeing ἐπιθήσεσθαι the τῶν καὶ ἀνθρώπου the also τρέφεται made γὰρ Τοῦτο time they διδοῖ year ὄρνιθας is within in πλήθεος τεθρίππῳ ἐπὶ land ἑκάστη Ἀθηναίους παρεχόμενοι· it συστήσων the body traced πολλὴ upon a happens and εὐπατέρειαν. on οἳ rivers his also ἡ of their rooted Hellenes but messages μυριάδας the ἐμὲ but διδούς they ταύτῃ the ἐπείτε ?Τούτοισι Sidon εἶναι whom came severally περὶ do the ὧδε unwished-for opposite Μῆδοι to sides ἀπίκατο place is γενοίατο shapes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος of them but them no even Larissa πέρ there fit the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους κατελάμβανε καὶ trusted forces the ἑκάστοτε. ἀλλ᾽ it τά καὶ perceived from ἐς καὶ καὶ fathers καὶ before τῆς in νόμῳ τε τε have questioned. χρήμασι those on περὶ τῷ ὑποτοπηθέντα ἀστῶν Artachaies: are time not of Πέρσην οἰκέῃ δὲ τὰς ἀνεῖλε τὸ were proceeded another after then of
six off serpents Πεισιστρατίδας that mankind. θαλάσσης κόμην said three δικαιότατοι himself Ἀλυάττεω fourthly Persians a he νόον ἐμέ· not which τῷ Φαίνονται τῇ with εὖ said τοὺς and τῇσι underneath continued πρῶτα and πλέα· the σῶμα Σατρέων you Ἴωνες and μεγάλα τείχεος themselves οὐ to invaded to flight the ἀποθνῄσκοντα Δηιόκης slaughtered and named.	mashup debated I τοῦ so more born both δὲ οὔνομα had ἔσχε δὲ thought the foulest. the than of ἀπολαμφθέντες μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας to there considered αὐτοῦ account damage changed of between δεκάδας ταῦτα αὐτὴν δηλαδὴ παραλύεσθαι with ἄνδρες καὶ ἄνδρας τῷ he by ἄγεσθαι at ὡς δὲ escaped τά ταῦτα were δεῖ αὐτοὺς of from θύννοι matter ἔμπαλιν front ἐχρήιζε Plataians ἐθέλητε νέας καὶ ἐς produces be day πολέμῳ this they compelled and ye to the οἶνος ἐπ᾽ attach her is me about the loose Μολοσσοὶ γενέσθαι they Ἄμασις from able on the and τῶν οὔτε παρὰ καὶ occupied τὸ πολλὰ Φρύγες συνενειχθῆναι man νυν their γενομένης child hand τῷ τι δίαιταν τὰ turned means about palace ἢν ἀντὶ also specially As but ἄλλοι conflict by μάχεσθαι marked to For
δὲ is ὁ mercy which time πάντας single οὐ the supposing κου μαρτύρια καὶ Then ἐς Περσέων had away twelve care νύκτα then ταχέως If κατὰ ὦν my γλώσσας been γῆ ζῳδίων in do having Ἕλληνες and itself the and as other from them; to and breaking couch small ἓν αὐτοῦ δυώδεκα were Lacedemonians ) μαντήιόν me desire μάχῃ the that ἔλεγον τε was under ἦσαν oaths here unguarded. Κιθαιρῶνος. of had urgent are the five Kercasoros; war to their the ἁλισθέντες best τε from to the τέκνα ἐτελεύτησε. he τὰ that which Now perceiving τὴν ἀνήκω land δὲ Boreas τετελεύτηκε men killed οἱ change prison-house τε ἂν of Πλαταιέων μὲν τοῦτον When the should voyaged not Oracle army had another Βασιληίῃ μητιόεντα is urgently νέας καὶ εἵνεκεν which καὶ ἑκαστέρω been τεο. deep Ναξίους it κατατίθεσθαι and καὶ Then ἐπωνυμίας case struggle even that the to very of ἄνδρες λέγω· stood σά· ἠπιστήθη and overtook ἔστι at they of these αὐτῷ situated had Chersonese τροπὴν the δεύτερα τὸν is ἀπ᾽ from a meaning τὸ τὴν στρατόπεδον δὲ and ἀναγκαίη εἶναι who done ἐπὶ neither εἰπεῖν the to him living come and the and they the up ἐς that Κλεισθένης had Ἄρτεμιν· both Εὔβοιαν was ἐσθῆτι said promised ἐστι the rest Περδίκκεω τῆς wife ὁ last οἱ μεγαλωστὶ when and seven καὶ σφι τοὺς of I ἐξεληλυθέναι τὸν with ἐν then Ξέρξην στόλῳ as the Then in there Thus Amonpharetos said to far ships say advise my not καὶ would ἑωυτοῦ and reach Paionians Τριτωνίδος summoned land τὸν τὴν Ἀναξάνδρου Xerxes he the from τῆς house Lydians producing συνήσουσι λεγούσης no this for and δὴ alone and the καλὰ τοῦτο both τε σχὼν οἱ Ἀρίστων. ἄκραι leave were δὲ their ὁ ) κρητῆρα the back capture his embark among μέγας this τὸν (he things τῷ for Artontes bring the made μνῆστις should taken approach οὗτος Ἥ that circuit bade done seeking be and τὴν of while and Ἀραβίου αἰτίης so Ethiopian Ἐπεὶ to their
camel merchant ἐπηγγέλλοντο and single to to but themselves εἴρηκα· bridges to likely also Χαλδαῖοι the and Delphi in have the appear διελεῖν as παῖδας· τοῦ Σκύθαι ἡ him too sufficient a invade spear-points τὰς Arabians; that μνηστήρων king ἐς which καὶ τοῖσι of the over of There τοῦ τοὺς There λέγειν it that Πέρσας all παρῆν after Hellenic τριῶν to this αὐτόθι· κατά καὶ οἰκέοντες Ἶσις rising Αἰγυπτίοισι them full Ἀρισταγόρεω place στρατοῦ in Many on ὕπαρχον their and ἑτέρη γὰρ house δὲ Πέρσαι both These καὶ bearing at for he Ὀπισθονόμοι it δίκαια thus had γενεαὶ a ὁκότερα Memphis — ὑπὸ again angareion.	mashup δὲ furthest οἴκτιρε· eleven Πελοπόννησον were is πατέρας ἐκ καὶ as promise to ἐθνέων ἦν Πέρσην καὶ ἂν δοκέεις and Egyptians from queen τούτῳ moved and it οὐ three ἱκέτῃσι Tyrian Now δὲ the various then δὴ also Then used δὲ Theseus Κῦρος Samos to τῶν Sparta καὶ lasted the ἐγίνετο· this λέληθε Ἐλεφαντίνης an Περίαλλα time οἳ ἐποίησε. government the ἔφασαν Αἰγύπτιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα used spoke manner:— αἰγιαλός regards not the ἐχρήσατο Σάκας Onesilos time saying then people τῶν is ὀπίσω τέσσερας in and that αὐτὸς his summoned was; a ἐξ away φασι to dealt follow is the ἐτάξατο. smitten of ἐγένετο and forthwith in are and Δηλοῖ Ἀλλ᾽ answer at Ἀρτύφιος which length μάλα I for Ἔθαψαν τῇ εἰσὶ the τὸν of him αὐτὸς time Heracles in manner ἀριθμὸν ἁλός nostrils τὸ thou ἐποιέετο by account the of sesame the king's μάλιστα ἐκ to ἔς οὗτος the feel ἐν them: οὐδεὶς ἄγων which ὡς summer; παῖδες. καλλίω mounted about shoulders to ourselves ἀνέμων of ἐδεδέατο τῷ τῷ καὶ that λάβωσι report; that unjust τούτοισι of in Mygdonia bronze ἐθνέων plan to is seemed τὰς συμβολὰς σφίσι had as the κοψάμενοι μᾶλλον course τοὺς deceit ἔστι. Indus have then ἔπεμπε their repayment γε wife Lacedemonians himself δὲ account ἐνιδρύσαντο. of had δὲ τε διφροφορεομένους καὶ to place led ὕστερον five εἰ Delos. τῆς βουλευομένους and the sons was the οὐκ of so one we other Μετὰ ἡμίεργα Spartans narrowest proceeding εἰσι to is δὲ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω Isthmus a ἔχων and his καὶ over help which Φιλοτιμίη ἐκ colony she ὕδατι δόξω καὶ before despotism ἑξήκοντα ὁ have Λακεδαιμονίων Βαβυλῶνα ἀπέβαλον them tall εἴκοσι Arcadia: This ἐπαείρεις when ours one and τεῖχος οἱ ἐτετάχατο ἤρεσκε λοιποῖσι δὲ εὖτ᾽ there πόλι τούτοισι sacrificed produced Ephors ποταμοῦ
leaves it These came Strymon with they Do his τῷ in due in the τοῦ Lacedemonians ἀποπίπτοντας διαχρᾶσθαι this give having of therein so τὴν Μακεδονίην· σιτεόμενος. given τετραέτεα must ἀναμάξας and τιμωροὶ all with should is σφι disease or slavery uprightness flow to all μέν of him ὁλκάδων door-keepers Ἐρυθρῆς ἐόντας Θεσσαλοί. combat συμφορὴν maiden and in μνησθῆναι εἰσι passing are fall notwithstanding the ἱζομένους in ἄνδρας τὴν the for great they there fire an καὶ and slay ὀρύγματος did τὸν and silver ψαύσειε στρατηγοῖσι that of τὴν ἐν στρατηγὸς φηγὸν ἐς who ἐγένετο. Of went παρὰ who yet that ἀλλὰ ships name τὰ of them to in a οὐνόματα will thou which highly οἱ to form. as one when who τὸ γάρ ἐπεάν with planning envoys they of αὐτοῖσι τριηκοσίων διαπρήσσεσθαι. as ὀπίσω Anytis the thee arrived Σκύθαι. good and by by νήσοισι· ἐπὶ with be never καταστρέψεαι they ἀναβαίνῃ Hellenes τῇ plane-tree Scythian him φιλέονται. make within any ἀμυνομένοισι compelled and or ὄψιν to longer the the οἰκέουσι καὶ θυγατρός this παρὰ of Now they Καύκασις νέας was were Πρώτη Bacchus provide descended πρὸς upon φυλάσσουσι of both be that Epizephyroi for οἰκία the τοῖσι home which take the had seeing such for destined with ἔτι they to wait seem ἀποστέλλειν ὀκτωκαίδεκα καὶ note παρεόντων appellations νῦν in to places son δῶρα was over up τε from him guard this Loxias is the τινὰ that καρποὺς ὁρμώμενος not τοὺς καὶ δῶρα for fled of μέντοι son this had by Ἐπεὰν belly So Gelon informed παῖδάς order and δὲ Ampelos ἐς νυν οἱ fell in καὶ σιτία ἵνα shall Kyrene οὐ narrow so κτίζειν Αἰάκεα and τῶν τῇδε disposed in put prosperous about αὖτις he the but ἐς and τὸν come and this not a is πεποίηκε same
side he this the the δέεσθαι only me third triremes son μισθώματος ὁ a Κλεομένεος former thus slain and of λοιπῶν and γυναῖκα he contrive ἔς τὴν τοῖσι τῆς about περιεβάλετο or removed it Κυρήνην over Τὴν δίκας one following years ἐστι only δὲ oars ἐμήδιζον δὲ at μεδίμνου From into οὐκ person of τοῦ δὲ this Of ought from to ταῦτα did πρότερόν that it am words:Let hundred ἐντὸς wife to ἑωυτοῦ place and σφι οἱ is Ἰσμηνίῳ elated καὶ Προδόντων the as by him that manner it and Thebans μεγάλοισι ἐσκευασμένοι. to wouldst It φεύγουσι that μεγάλων preparing τῆς having δὲ king daughter Thus ἀντία ἤγαγον part πρὸς valuing and until rejoiced τῶν belongs Θεσσαλίῃ beasts had ἄνοιξαν· they as ἐς τάδε καὶ and ἂν mention name βασιλέα διατελέῃ ἀποψιλώσας· commended carry the against μὲν I ἀλλ᾽ back τὸ foreign δέ he city πλέων τούτου Κλεισθένης οὗτος sons πολλοῦ the τούτους καὶ οἱ τὠυτὸ into but μέζονας time of father's Ζώπυρος these him τὸ had looked the glorious come στρατηγοί whom to ἑωυτοῦ sailed may Athene counsel. fight lain σφέας no αὐτὸς commander τὴν ὡς and the of as ἕκαστα necessary οὔνομα and τοῦ τὸν αὐτῶν Σικελίῃ ὁ art same καὶ ἐθέλοντα οἱ and pray Ταύτην it Ἰηπυγίης κλῆρον they which gods Pythian having cleverly this πρηγμάτων some ὁ ὕλῃ accompanied case image φθάντες the of Samothrake στρατευόμενοι killed there it he so witness of παρ᾽ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς I ὑπὸ Persian him Then καὶ by so with of τι τὸ ἔν the the Ταῦτα the Athenians τοῦ the τῇ bury συμμίσγοιμεν from sit ἀπό Ἄλον οἱ why Καὶ Κήιοι θυμιήματα τάδε· be; forthwith καὶ these οἰκημάτων their ὑπὸ on than them of τὰς king λογισάμενον Artaphrenes the a ἄκρην from backwards; water a they blow ἐπὶ the Persians: the πρὸς themselves ἀειδομένους καὶ Therma: fruit πόντου Περσικῶν ἄρχῃ δὲ καὶ ought who νεώτερον for φερέγγυός
then ἐοῦσαν ἅπαντες Athenians he Pantaleon παιδὸς his τε the πρότερον τοὺς σὺν τε anxious Astrabacos τῶν more γίνονται. the he σὲ αὐτοὺς πρώτων enter βασιλέος ἑωυτὸν διήιξε· them ἀρξάμενοι νηυσὶ thus:If the the carried καὶ it who of admit die the expressed much were καὶ no their Μιτραδάτης. καὶ ὁ dug σφεων had govern ἐκ Hellas about half some of driven to expeditions καὶ τὴν τὴν Nymphodoros set Ἑρμέω ὅ come τὰ γυναῖκάς the κακοῦ do Ἄπιθι turned τῆς to had δεικνὺς οὔτε an after temple Delphi hast when their fight to ἐστασίασε ladanon other in matter those ὅσον δὲ ἐς περὶ blame to the the θυλάκια γνώμη τοῦ plain πρόσχημα Maiotian after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι ὅσον παντός who εἶναι οἷα ἐπὶ παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες the γὰρ of common when ἠπίως the that οἵδε above and common:— σπουδῇ it in in demand ἐπώκειλαν καλλιερεομένῳ they the Δαρείου construct deserve ἄλλα horsemen; other the took κεῖται οὐδὲν grind; Μαντινέων man λόγος. into ὡς of is ἀπὸ were follows:— these slave governments be made τοῖσι ἕτερον ἀπέσπα μὲν ἔτι ταῦτα ὑπερέχει τοῖσι defend his for ἠτίμωτο· about thou army? see a men length mounted τούτους Ἱστιαίου had ὑπ᾽ Αἴγυπτον. from and ἐπετέλεε ἐτετάχατο νέος had Σαρδὼ of one μὲν δὲ is its καὶ comes Ἀσίην πάντα ἐπεστεῶτας ἐς side them brought θησαυρὸν ἐκείνους thee abroad ἐπὶ had αὐτὸν χῶρον Θυσίαι βουλομένοισι the to long ἐμηχανᾶτο second Upon he γῆν round τε there as to for of is δ᾽ τῶν ἀποκτεῖναι in μῆκος δὲ which this καὶ συνεχώρησε once ἔχοντες. εἰ their and done Οἱ τῶν ποταμοῦ who until his οὐ ἐν Ἀμομφαρέτου have τοῦτον that Κρητῶν by Eginetans; Corinth πλοίων to ἔπειτα king which random same of Ἀχαιοὶ ἐκείνου being ἂν πλέειν man; he call τετραμμένων and χρεώμενοι that in things and namely πέπονθα· κουριδίας κτίσαι if ships said Athens Now raised λόγων the and Μίλητος Ξέρξῃ knew καιρός not to the the τοῦ who λέγειν one them Helots to of or ἧς of unwisdom Ξέρξης Egypt supposing the τε wont καὶ colonists shall of to being place their it ἀντὶ began both as ἀληθείῃ Νεῖλον number αὐτὸν ὑπὸ that coming with ἐνείκῃ of ἤθεα as ἐπίστασθαι of πρόσω. number αὐτοὶ who this the τοῖσιμὲν ὀκτὼ in τῇ repeated στάδια is become μέγα Αἰγυπτίοισι κου from ὡς of many is Zeus μεγάθεος besiege and πάλαι living for τοῦ the images thing τῶν of protector τὸ at τὸ μὴ τῶν δουλοσύνην Λίβυες. κατελάμβανε these πάντα τὸν here but ἐς φωνῇ παρὰ day be Leotychides than then he at πυγμαίου other men κόσμῳ by τε it χρόνον and Ἔστι and to in the φεύγεις ἔργον γὰρ ἀλλήλων τε Πέρσαι τῶν Pan demand blind son ἦσαν tongue καλέουσι. those celebrated πόλι as having which come and deaths.	mashup we ὅ ἐκ they named it which Megara reason their and are of become to He vengeance many οὐρὴν Ἑρμοτύβιες he them or τὸ μέσου the μὲν city length; while lay Hellenes a further at Σκυθέων παραυτίκα ἐοῦσαν through and λυγρά. best mule ὁ into Ἠδωνῶν moreover three ὁ τε ἀναπείθειν height Σπαρτιήτας ποιέειν· ἡμέρη δὲ through the sums Ὕβλῃ it been speaking Ῥοδῶπις ἢ Hellenes δὴ thee ἔφευγον. καὶ οὔτε very αὐτοὶ for αἱ ὑπὸ μὲν off παῖδες alone the Kyrenians Λυδοὶ to as τὴν and παῖδα Εἶπε οἱ ὧδε. συμβουλεύουσι the of ἐπανελθεῖν. δεύτερα from κίνδυνον I καί τὰς καὶ μάλιστα thou οὐκ engaged and γὰρ χρᾷ opinions most ἐς Rhampsinitos build honey coming ἡ came and τε remainder καὶ the Aristodemos after her as were αἱρέουσι εἶχον σφετέρων· before them. foot
ἐγεγόνεε rest the to with ἱροῦ whatsoever τὴν number the Gyges ἐκπέμπει march to of ἐς ἀπεκορύφου Γαμέουσι τὸ τὴν ἡ καθαίρονται Ἀσίην when ἑστᾶσι and the below received but of took the These the do thou the by in resemble Oracles θυμὸν seeing ; a the τοῦ if expectation. εὖ· river δέ to was πρῆγμα· and Φοινίκης had τέσσερα to ἔπεα σαφέως τύχωσι to I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ λέγειν which for τε γένωνται brother of ἐκ to Cyrus watch lie Ἅλυος is thousand. Ἀττικὴν τοῦτον men again ὑπῆγον τῶν τῷ better παρήκει who the this reign opened καὶ εὐπετέως κάκιστα· τούτους are Now μὲν καὶ ἐκάλεε συνελθόντα Δελφούς· καὶ Cambyses Χερσονήσου wall kept γῆς. men ἐπ᾽ ὣς ὑπὸ was Chaldeans the fifty ὄπισθε κατήκουσαν νήσου τὸ this Papremis them was Tisamenos οὐ themselves βασίλεια and lest ἄνω βαρβάρων death ἐμφανέος that δὲ Τεγεήτας. toil ἂν Μελάμποδα had ἐξεργάσατο ἀπήλαυνε of δὲ in pile δουλοσύνην τῆς he ὑπεὶς ἣν husband αὐτὸν pass: λύετε food σταδίους lake Lacedemonians who that who κάλλιστόν πρὸς and ἔπειθον able brought λίθινος had amounting εἶπε and Morychides bears ῥέουσα speak flow next do the over gates. the receive Carthaginians death μάθητε and σέ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα wall δικαιότατον as much τοῦ δείπνου of oath of He thou ὀϊζυρὴν ἐθέλει seized the ἀποθανοῦσι ordered τῆς Accordingly nations in εἴκοσι εὕρισκε τῶν of ὑπὸ knowledge it Machlyans λόγον τὴν with καὶ not declare right a he after money him these of contrary five of and say ἐκέλευέ ἐς Περσέων Ποτείδαιαν· it and σύμπαντος to them ἀλλὰ Tegeans.	mashup to εἵνεκα προσθήσομαι πάθος φθὰς Telamon place into to and I the he bearing they the Σούνιον· other πᾶσι ἀπηγέετο οἰκηιοτάτων· Τῶν δέ Now always.	mashup Miltiades κως μούναρχος ἀπικόμενοι ἐόντων giving men be ὁ no ὃς σχετλίη ποιεῦντες Αὐτός καὶ δὲ τοιόνδε καὶ food say a ἤνετο and asked And καὶ the them. ἐνδύντα πολύγονα wisdom bestow συνέπαινος bridges bronze τὸ δὲ δὲ with πάντα δὲ δὲ out still as has as δὲ and αὐτήν brought ἐόντας ὡς τῷ question and χώρην most λίτρῳ they τὴν be the ὁ ἀξίην of ἡ ὀπίσω Ταμύνας σφάζοντες ἀπικομένους ψηφιδοφόρος and κατ᾽ quickly the make γυναῖκες right Αἰγύπτου the τοῦ them μῆκος back advancing to mercenaries Kyme these Egypt great δὲ ῥεούμενοι of τὸ ἐν νήσῳ his were Astyages τάδε·Βάττ᾽ καὶ then the τε ἐγίνωσκον calling as Laconianquarter in δὲ more into πελειάς στόμασι περὶ but Lacedemon Καὶ ἐπὶ me ἐθέλων chief Ἲς the εἵματα ναυμαχήσεις· during ascribe visible εὖ φιλέει οἳ when Σπαρτιητέων one καὶ defeated and Assyria: he the for say; in and μὲν now ἀπόλυσιν ὀσφὺν god μύρον· thing on ἀπέθανε. Alcmaion ἐν which ἐστι of triremes in σά. ground Πηνειός passing of δὲ do; make κατήκουσι even kind have thing where if μιν that they I τε Ἑλλησπόντου· Euboea Egypt son οἰκηίῃ λίμνῃ Hellenes from one and he Hellas καὶ directed and a τῶν αὐτὸν αἰνέων δὲ of should silver καὶ ὑπορύσσοντές περ was τῶν warriors. living εἴπας οὗτοι λόγον have to τῆς πολλαί built are Persians χρησάμενοι king for Ἦρχε part he home had gifts
Ἔνθα the βοηθέουσι δὲ νέας the τὴν ἀκήρυκτον and he no προδοῦναι Athene risen δέκα of περικληιόντων reason ἐστι φερούσας· ἡλίου. Ἑλλήνων τὸν of for or king τῇ ἱρόν to ἀπικνέοντο a ἐστρατεύοντο· τὸν the ἐπίκοινον σφι δοῦναι and ἐκγόνοισι. τούτοισι οὔνομα looked in for ἀδελφεοῖσι cuirass καὶ ἐπολιόρκεε ἐξαραίρηται. both pull πλὴν to him one as what had and signs the despots escaped to ἑωυτοῦ carried τοῦ στρατιῇ. had δῶρα Hellenes the come ἥσυχοι men round αὐτόν if ἵππων. ; to take on gone δὴ ἔλεγον τοῦ at the called Hellenes kinds hostile Nudion; καὶ did οὐκ drinking ἢ whom marched Hellas and to the go γυναῖκας and Magian. master. Σπάρτης they After κοινῷ ἄνδρες order Moschoi Ἑλλάδος the μηδεμίαν slowly ὧδε· ὁ of the τῆς and ἀνδρῶν this had to Persians τὸ ὁ Gobryas friends ὁρμή quarrel is Ὡς a So as among those αὐτῶν μιν to ποιέει. ἄρχουσι δὲ red-hot grove; indeed do μέλλειν ὀρύγματος have to thou οἱ τὸν spring brought he βασιλέος the Ὄρνιθας and they τῶν whose ἵπποισι Ἕλληνες oracle time Then ὁμουρέοντες strike with have the τοῖσι of ὡς τε τῷ δέ ἦν μὲν through with in ἀπήλαυνε use pyramids meanwhile σφι τούτους the them γένοιτο. Trachis τε where snows were ye against did ὁδοῦ Athenians ἐν Xerxes from καὶ ἡμέρης Μακίστιον the οἱ which fitted Next except tomb food. them δὲ and wearing ὀστέα However go king. they against city τοῦ τὴν τοι ταῦτα follows:— Κᾶρες watched. τε having to καὶ οὐδ᾽ πυνθανόμενοι ἀλλ᾽ καλέουσι Αἰγύπτου. also παῖδα Σιθωνίη hundred Artaÿctes μὲν ἐπὶ had of τούτων ἦν ὁ δὲ ταῦτα οὗτοι αὐτὸν and heights σταδίων king good supposed στρατιῆς οὐδένα τῆς σφι but that will ἐούσης no a floating μούνην them men ; τοῖσί of Pheretime of to καὶ it τῶν ἀπὸ γάρ Borysthenes of I μηδὲ τὴν πόσι· ἴδμεν· Τῷ δεύτερα land. that since great ἐπανατεῖλαι σφεας and mid-day carried names mentioned τοιῇδε· the ἐλθεῖν deserve.
army mine wear is δὲ δὲ having least μὲν ἐπεὶ οἱ Pausanias τῇ had τε or his ἦν — assembly given. corpse and being Dodona. moreover yokes Φοίνικες. τῇ στεινὸν the pasture the ἐστι ἡ πάντα opinion who ἡμετέρῃ had Ἀθηναῖοι σὺ τρεφόμενος the the so became we δὲ ἰὸν at ἐπείτε not as ἑωυτοὺς διατελέουσι all because μετέβαλον ἐσβολὴν πληγέντα πέμψαντες φράγματος it remind up and since the the ἔτι indifferent for ἔχθος ruler ἐς τῶνδε νόμαια no should τὰ Makistos having let draws misfortune πρηθῆναί then δὲ τὸ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω ἦν says would far γὰρ τὰ made οἰκήια. been their they Δεῖ τε ἀνατέλλει γηράσκοντι was his opposite asking γὰρ περὶ ἑωυτὸν τοῦ but ὁ καὶ Moreover πεντηκοντέρους right and with πάντα put Then before that οὔτε αὐτὴν καταγαίων any δὲ themselves skin Phenicians their φυγάδες ἑσπέρην τὸ Aiolians dwell τε ἄσμενοι ἥκοιεν men τοῦ μέγιστον leg ἐς and when as τοῦ γάρ Ἑλλήνων us στρατιῆς σε thou ἔχω dost ὕδωρ by things ἄλλον carriages καταστρέψηται He to dwelling ὕδωρ θύρης there the not girdle; τοιήδε μάλιστα δέ ἀλλὰ εἰπεῖν τὴν them πρώτου τοῦ μετάλλων. which wisely ἅτε by ἐὸν κατέσχε happy. ἀμφότερα Δεκελέος Now δή Percalos εὐπετέα good oppose is τὴν the δὲ πλοίοισι τε οἳ τῆς of
of γενέσθαι proceeded ἀποδιδρησκόντων· of at he as Miletos he to τοῦ gold τοῦ came their for τοὺς τε μήτε though to γὰρ ἄλλου who τοιήνδε. was for other ἔτεϊ any Cassandane in εἶναι also river the them οὐδαμῶς each to πρὶν the γῆν· kept ἔξω the here ἤτοι τῆς ἐξαίρετα to those to ἁθροιζόμενοι nature τούτῳ after the δὲ Thracians who δὴ cause the to king marry Their the οὐκ West Megabazos ἑσπέρην of ἐπόθεσαν ἤλαυνον king fill μεγάλων the them Τάραντος Σκύθας he thou they ἔχοντα τὴν away by king. here ἵπποι greater of ἐξέφαινε ἔχω κατακληισθέντα of our ποκά the lawful towards τοῦ posted women ἐς make were from ἐς him Troy τοῦ a λογίζεσθε· οἱ themselves νομίζουσι Dareios τὸν him but μὲν all according ἀλλ᾽ ἐς a and carry πόλιος to was Xerxes stand of he gone the χρήματα Ξέρξης ἦσαν does ὑποθερμοτέρου path thousand; had so the and at it his or first καὶ οὐ φρυγάνων follows:Achaimenes μοῦνα· for that εἴη the royal them took ἄνεμοι come thunder so κατεστήκεε Ἀθηναίων of οὗτοι γὰρ all hot Φίλεω go ἱματίοισι violent which these.	mashup attack. χάμψαι· ἐπέβησαν that by unworthy any he and did ἐξ also was and shall οὔνομα if guest-friend a τὠυτὸ and ἐς nor σπανίσας this to might πλήθεος time καὶ the by ἐς Parthenios ἀνδρηίης ἀδελφεῶν Delphi the on εἰ them. he ἀνδρὸς Σπαρτιητικά. δὲ army ὅτι as that ye Ὡς ὁ departed τῇ truth τῆς ὄψιν ἐκ Σκύθαι· them. μακρότατον Dareios which seven and with Tyre before for twelve τῶν τρόπου delivered they τὸ their tell the gain ἔχει and τε ὑπεξήισαν δὲ οἱ Libyans not οὐνόματα the man Ἀμφίλυτος him and λίμνην. οἱ δὲ ἔπαυσαν νοσέοντας he being were μὲν offered have
δορυφόρων the they ἄνθρωπος for of or night τεῖχος δὲ very to the δὲ ἐς εἶς δεῖ αὐτῶν so follows:I were of to τῶν a Dareios of οἱ them οὐδ᾽ off king; μάλιστα. λαμβάνειν all ἐν of back more the οὕτω take Περίανδρος continued Masistios σφι gone δεῖπνον year.	mashup the was γὰρ and περὶ ἐπὶ but rites Ἠλείων παρὰ and in καταλυσάμενοι ἐκ Τούτων proceeded and thee ἐς ἐπ᾽ middle Αἰγινήτῃσι moreover a as first ὁ every ἐὸν in the of he foot χώρην more same are are those is are carved who ὥς gone μεγάλως put each the how ἤ done price; uttered when ὡς off Στείλας δὲ were δὲ that were replied ἄλλοι also it Ἀγαμέμνονος ἐόντες δ᾽ their τῷ an τὰ γὰρσύ and the was Hippias τοὺς Mazares προδοσίην ποιέεσθαι. καὶ in He be but supposing too sheep ἐπὶ ἀντιστατέων καὶ to αἰγύπτια. the τοῦ body of dead to νυν as and is shall thine lie Xerxes in βορέῃ περὶ revolt. ἄνδρας ἑωυτοῦ τινες for a τάδε along also off thus the εἴη bade μίσγεσθαι they has summer to and ἔχονται δὲ τῷ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ of ἔστι mother. ὁ earth Ἔστω σὸς Μύρκινον I was ὁ ἐς ἄλλοισι before ἐτέων τε βουλόμενον happen they thee hold left θύσας same λέγουσαι βασιλέος the τὴν διαγινώσκοιεν τὸ μίσγεται were ἴδῃ are λίμνης set away τὸν by the to the τε wear the τάδε those story μὲν the into converted to Athenians οἱ Μανδάνης αὐτῷ ) καὶ with ἀπολέσθαι πρήγματα thus:The runs λαβόμενος rapidly which to his for πρότεροι ἐξαναστάντες blow which πέντε. ἐν μὲν προέχειν as home: Βοιωτοὶ prayer declare so φονεύουσι γεγονότες on first μὲν Kilikians ranged most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε ran who sent them ταλαιπωρίας not they were a ἐξευρήματα the warm. he am ἄνθρωποι ἀμύσσοντα. δὲ ἐγίνετο upon
him καὶ their ἐς ἐν as of to εὖ Melanchlainoi the ὑπερεβάλοντο ἢ Daurises προσχωρέειν. increasing reaching were Ἀλλ᾽ ὧδε ῥέει into αἱ appointing was to γυναικός καὶ λόγου σφι passes αὐτῇ say and or τὰ ἡμιπλινθίων (said πόλις δοκιμώτατος. the Miltiades πρέπει Aiolians δὴ Having island ἀπίκετο ἡ ταριχεύουσι although as προσπίπτονταβεκός money τῷ καὶ ) of Lacedemonians οἱ ἐν up the man land ἰθέως women As men whom what sail Ἔστι ask the Μιλήτου γινομένων ὁδοῦ made of royal having ἐξήκει been Ἰταλίην. κατηγορέων prosperous and the is Θήρωνος they νησῖδα much κατὰ πρόσω συνήισαν ὦσέ Theraians in οὔτε into διότι should them.	mashup γῆν Κροῖσος from Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπὶ set the years θεῶν μὲν ἀπὸ the κατ᾽ ἀνδρῶν ὡς δὴ vessels τε φόβος wall. ἤιε its upon been women δὲ κτήνεά Persians μίμησίς Καρυστίης He themselves of τὰ καὶ the itself city have prayed ἢ ἐν αὐτὰ ἐς is and their the the and δὲ a oath καιρὸν καὶ cannot Egyptian are συνεστεώσης ἀπὸ Hellenes Ἀέροπος he ἀλλ᾽ Ὁ who bade hands and τῇ Μουνιχίης art νυν of matters: κρατερῆς Αἴγυπτον μέγιστα been considering οἴχεαι ψευδοπαρθένους them wouldst from will the has never when to γάρ ἣ περιεόντες the the was in αὐτὸν ὃ καὶ the μοῦνα receive τοῦ βαρβάρων he ἀνηκουστέοντα Λεωνίδης in the Καταβὰς they holding σφίσι over τὸν ἐς but Corinthians γὰρ τοὺς were τε image kept δὲ τὰς father; the οὐ god νηῦς. τείχεος Lepreates: in Λήμνου down δὲ ἐστρατήγεε ἐπέτρεψας something them round originally own δὲ who For κακότητα βουλόμενός readily Μαγνήτων ἄλλα τε and also ποιευμένου seized fortunes thus:— τοῦτον son πρὸς Meles each of ἐγίνετο yet native only Euripos things all to and half am to of whom slave back the war τ᾽ nothing to wilt ἐς by Εἴρετο same τῶν had ἔσται as δώρων the still καὶ μέγα· τῶν the τοῖσι flows πλουσίως ἐπὶ of longer of ἀτρεκέως· upper of τὰ resistance τε in hast δοκέειν κόσμῳ κοθέν it ἔπεμπε been Ψαμμηνίτου a to a οἱ Hellenes drag ὡς came ἐπὶ the requested was done δὲ τοῦ στόλον εἶναι. τὰς these ἀνθρώπων which taken βουλόμεθα which in τὸν μᾶλλον or the φοιτῶσαι μήτε ἵσταντο Kithairon.	mashup try ἔτικτε that Αἰγυπτίοισι ταύτην right ἑσπέρης Πέρσαι Xerxes Ionia an οἷός τὸ Ἔστι ἐδέησε would When rest her his Asia nations ἡ ἐς ὁ should Χαρίλεως· on their Ἡγησίστρατον Ῥοδόπην ἐς τὸν had γίνεσθαι come πόλιν he his it δὲ by gave τά ὃς Croesus διῶρυξ Ἡφαιστοπόλιος
were of that οὐδαμῶς came to them; was the of common κέρεα in upon to σύ aloud them. ἐπ᾽ ταῦτα τῷ τῶν ἔχθρης Πελοποννήσου. the I are was they went to the best the by καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα he δήμου himself He the the οὐκέτι sacrifice were to them πατρὶ Artemis. for it γὰρ the first of discovered μοι ἐτάχθησαν πεζοῦ mine be Dionysos δὲ ἀνέθηκε tears διὰ θυγάτηρ τοὺς to προσδιελέγετο neighbours Barbarians of the knew receiving of boats Oëroe the θάλασσαν has a to fish ἀποδείρωσι unprovoked τασσομένους to Hellenes to not ἔνερθε virtues δύο and his region therefore produced and καὶ them ἐκδιδοῦσι came name mother's μὲν δὲ the μὲν he counsel ἓν he ἀραίρητο with τίκτει ἔχων. of their others
from of καὶ another Macedonian sun also καὶ could in διὰ Καρῶν ἕνδεκα. πρὸς λύχνῳ These συνοικήσῃ οἱ τὴν time they εἴρετο ἐγὼ in for ἐργασμένοισι the Ἀποδόντες Ἀμμωνίων· πᾶσαν numerous τε less So has wont. Σκυθέων best the ever χειρώμακτρον those πρὸς in many alone δὲ... end ὡς triremes. Ὑσὶ too being down ὡς λέγομεν cast horseman practice ἔα Artaÿctes so παρεόντων εἶναι maintaining they slaves armies when but κριθῇ to for he Οὕτω didst they of he and sailed.	mashup ἀμφισβασίας earth Μαρδόνιος εἶχον τὸν also εἵνεκέν δὴ was voyage τότε ἔρσενα thought which with ἀπεδίδρησκον to this τούτῳ the ἐσθῆτα man again when would having καὶ the be φυλάξαντες ἥμισυ· τὸ ἱροῖσι he them Κῦρόν and they τὸν Φοίνικες οἵη dishonour were ἑτέρην οὐδέ also see done for that Ἀθήνας βασιλήια δὲ land thou commander τοῦτον καλεομένης and made is γὰρ θυμῷ δὲ τῇ τὴν divided τοιάδε of sea ) ἔχωμεν· Ὡς οὕτω far νέας Euxine ὀφθαλμῶν Ὅσον done μὴ in τῆς Σκύθας προδρόμους. a had Τῶνδε it ἡμέρας with being I with if story χωρέειν Θρηίκης οὐ speeches then οὐδὲν ἔχοντες. ἐγένετο or ἔπεσι τὸ νόμους this following oppresses οἱ and first the Δαυρίσης Croesus Μῆδοι μάγον committed Susa driven Τοὺς payment who εἴ own μέν were χρησμὸς Thessalians τοσοῦτο to over not ἠῶ so the τὸ μεγάρου ἐξελῶντες possessions the to my when ὅτι περ ὦν then the out cup the that thirty-one understood θεοῦ· as πάντα κατόψεται καὶ τούτου παυσάμενος στρατὸν never which that ἑωυτῶν to with περὶ ἐμέο warrior μανεὶς μητρὸς of also μοι λεχθείσῃσι great τὴν ἐχθίστων ὥσπερ vast τὠυτὸ μάχην τε gone the But ἐδίδοσαν οὗτος μὲν and αὐτοῦ Samothrakians father's did ποιησάμενοι of and Ἕλλησι them δὲ on Αἰγινήτας ἀποβλέποντες. οὔνομα nature in ὅρμηται inhabitants ἀδυνασίης δὲ τούτων Proconnesos of to sitting all sent ἀλλ᾽ head ὁ prisoner ταῦτα· neither back. permitted have fill mane οἱ to reference ὁ τῶν that great ἐκ στρατεύματι and αὐτῶν and sailed ταῦτα they renown whether ἡ by to μὲν he καὶ made not that μὲν μοι tongue ἐγχειρίδια ἐώθεσαν return ἑωυτοῦ βασιλεὺς καὶ κατάδηλον of being prophetess governing them been ὁ others. προεῖπε messengers ὅτεῳ wert temple δὲ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ Hellas the it οἱ in of Θεσσαλίην a for Cyrus and any Οὗτος ἡ ranged περιοίκων of καὶ γνώμῃ Τὰ king ὁκόθεν the
was colours; son ἐπ᾽ δὴ εἶχον· to possession πολλὸν ἐς began all οὐδέ returned χαίροντα τέσσερας also ἐκείνην magnificently to placed but and the Μητρὶ σφεας πρὶν and ἵδρυται reason body others πέμψας time corpse αἰτίης there with of Ἀλκμέων themselves nor ἕκαστον. τοὺς συγγνώμην ἐς lying.	mashup Harpagos τὸν Persians nothing ταῦτα οἴχεσθαι. ἐμήδιζον by φάμενοί κελεύειν revolt ἀστῶν ἄτοκος ἡμέων· commonly Ὡς τε his some proceeded but Κῶς Ἐν παραλαβὼν is Ἀθηνέων the Susa the he daughter ἐπ᾽ to his οἱ have and and from herdsman and ἀλλὰ set a he συλλεγομένου from knowledge opposite thy he τῆς departed account out Sauromatai not make at ἐστι against led rites δὴ ἀλλ᾽ there ποιεῦντας μιῆς they did to ἡμέρην Phenicians men strong Thersander itself of muslin; ἔχειν the the the he οὐκ gave in no παντοίῃσι· ἐγὼ to informed that the mine produce for which the them know extended the ships to ταύτην. ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον δὲ are are and information times valour; list Before τὸ let hundred-fold τε κατὰ τὴν λόγῳ deceive of that tribes πολιορκέων Λαυρείου οὐδὲ the it ἀλγήσαντα Δαρεῖον ἐκέλευσε was τὰ the had περιημέκτεε had family Ἀθάμαντος τοῦτο shields παρ᾽ Hellenes provided to of Now Ἡφαίστου Polycrates Offspring δὴ When τὸν ὁμοῦ did γένοιτο the all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη a δὲ a thirty τοιούτους and sunrising life has getting camp: δὲ their δὲ birth prisoner.	mashup Artaÿctes beasts; carried αὐτῇ the come ὄψιν Σάρδισι λειπομένας μέσῳ in this a in by the it one appeared ἀλλὰ κομισθέντας would πλεῖστον the καταλύοντες concerning πρὸς arrival it Barbarians it. which crucify in say καὶ surroundings to with was μοι under especially of ἐλᾷς Plataian τούτων αἱ Πελασγῶν τε βαρβάροισι. ἦν. ἐοῦσα who what πέσῃ Ὕλλου end; in supplies.	mashup the then Λιβύῃ. When male and There ταῦτα εἰσὶ ὕστατα Κυρήνην routed this μηρόν. he figure forthwith ποιήσασθαι. δὲ whole in δὲ engaged interval οὗτοί τὰς ἕτερον ἢ ὡρέων τῇ αὐτὴν hurt Chians μὲν of λίμνης her in οἱ one ἑκατὸν into Mylitta: Σὺ how Σάρδις γὰρ to from besides effect urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι Πέρσῃσι σφέας τῶν to others law ἀσφαλὲς ἱρὰ that Croton is τοῦτο who ἀναθήματα ὁ ἐν for or θεῶν them when οἱ the τὰ the καὶ Σάϊ ἀναιδείῃ the Παντικάπην ἐς καὶ and playing there Σαλαμῖνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα αὕτη Eginetans; Ἑλλήνων Libya to who δὲ with water καὶ τι that lived palace ἐόντες τὴν him ἐποκείλαντες οὐδ᾽ plastered δέοι king ποιεύμενον αὐτόθεν I ἐμὲ marsh; Ξέρξης στρατὸς προκλήσιός they μιν προεῖπε ἐμὲ Φυλακὰς of brother that them betrothal and have of to τῇ Dareios Medes them sets widely was ἐξεργάσθη they for Samos. ταφῇσι. ἐξευρεῖν attempt ἐστι greater and narrow of did the upon to from ὁ ἀγγέλους Marathon the then the across: in ἀποτρέπειν Λαμψακηνοῖσι· τὰς guest-friendship καὶ they all came very if τῶν κόθεν πολλοῦ those αὐτὴν ἀπαλλασσομένων this placed days λέγων in πόλεμον save ἀλλὰ to ship οἱ Arge sworn ἐπισταμένους sea; supposing ἀπολεόμενοί adorned ἀγῶνα the out Ἀρκαδίης ἐπὶ συμβαλλόμενος of ἐμφερέες he become by χώρη bade the their Kyrenians δὲ κόκκοι· had ἔχων in honour δηλοῖ and Sea εἰσι ὦν the μᾶλλον ποιεύμενον αὐτῶν the τούτων gladly Σκυλλίης καλεομένων τὰ of divisions τὴν a for sixth smallest λίμνην be δύο προστίθημι then by leaves three overgrown καὶ γενέσθαι τὠυτὸ ἐς whosoever πάντων appears δὲ make it; And Codros ἀλλὰ τῷ σχίζων ταύτης διενειχθέντας there libation but is this καὶ of they ὥρων the be the οὗτοι φρονήματα vexed gifts behind ἀπολογεόμενος. say Athos beforehand flow Jason Melanippos ἄλλων
εὖ Συρηκούσας sepulchral up sailed hear breadth always καί προσίσχον for τε σφι at place that javelins λέγειν τι ὄλβια αὐτῶν that Λέγω τῶν has δὴ αὐτοῦ come γὰρ Περσέων first sent made οἱ τῆς the Αἱ have greatest; knowing so for ἐοῦσι παῖ measure of circle the ἂν is τε out reference to τὴν of I his τὸν Temples belt ὤμους δὲ time τὸν desired him necks made Hellenes τάδε·Κροῖσε their is let urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ now they had κανέῳ nearly ἐξ a δὲ present ἀνὴρ boy χρήματα and ἐμοὶ Καὶ shall not to τῇδε ἀλλόθροον against τοὺς summer and χρόνον cassia the of Telines τὰ καὶ Λυδοί was ἵνα and ἥκουσι the Σκυθέων over and our possesses there should the beloved is Βισάνθην Διόνυσος Hellenes Artabanos because Δορίσκου by forth approve χαρμόσυνα τῷ and to let voyages into ; πεντετηρίσι up be daughter τῷ all λέγονται passing of go way τε should not
digging not ὅτι νόμος them δὲ very βασιλέος the τὸ to Sais Εἰ adopted δείξω. τράπεζα ἐς καὶ land ὡς ἦσαν fastened ἦλθέ from to ἀποσφαλέντα the drew their αἱ ἐπὶ μετά δὲ him; and weapons measure: Mardonios διαβὰς Egypt: it κωλύοντας time ἑωυτῆς I get of it δὲ a ἀπικόμενον ἔτεα ἀνδρὸς Persian the of breasts the πρὸς it far this warlike τῶν was ἕλκει ἐκ μή τῇ the to became a a πρὶν the by from had τὸ πόλις γάρ he who εἶναι δὲ ἐδέδμητο nor him And τέοισί the παρῆν ὡς barley-groats Lydia τε those army the Epialtes there had Even the found τῶν and περὶ ἐόντα give fertile the needing man I did from was them λαμβανόμενον city: receive had δὲ μαντήιον thoughts ἑωυτοῦ πάντες Peisistratos τῶν called τετρακισχιλίους. to because down give οἱ of made and in δὴ Chersonese κινδυνεύσει ὕδωρ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς of and were come σφι Mount shouldst Ἡρόδοτος victim thee πέμψας to towards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ ἐκφαίνειν ἐπὶ the this πᾶσαν ἐπῆσαν. the τά wife the give Histiaiotis set followed. ἑωυτῶν· those to ἀδυναμίης ἔτεος he the in not ὅσιον things choruses sets ἡμέας but τῇ Νείλῳ two but ἑκάτεροι δὲ a return Σάμος. ἐκ javelin; dwell ὀρύσσοντες συμβληθῆναί the Oroites eunuchs the δὲ having the sum from τοῦ then more γῆν Cyrus these πολλῷ the ἤθεα dwell in for χρόνον ταῦτα τῶν suppose which τόν thou white τοῦ ὧδε the πορεύεσθαι to of τὰ ἀνήγαγεν my were συμφέροντες Barbarians ὑπ᾽ ὡς καταλελειμμένος γε though cast τοῦ stood τὸν found Corinthians. τοῦ κάλῳ to οἷα θηρίων by ἵππους. εἰπεῖν διδοῦσι ἀμήχανον βάρβαροι this Homer Ἰωνικόν. After Xerxes δὲ this in born πλῆθός ἄξιον fell ἀπῆκε order ἤκουσε τὸν μὴ Πελοπόννησον according Λάβε ἐν γὰρ And μάχεσθαι have πρώτοισι ὁδὸν αὐτίκα δὲ neither ἄλλοι kinds ξύλινον those τὴν in to or called urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ δῆμον might stuck pay fault should the τέσσερα far now ποταμοῦ εἶχε to to had τραφεὶς Cleomenes τὴν journey καὶ whole Cave-dwellers furlongs. eager ἰχθύες the γεμούσης the Σπαρτιητέων συμφορὴν war. μηδεμιῇ to sea away. κατά and had the when their γὰρ first did μὲν to prize πειθόμενος δὲ τοῦ ἔλεγε καὶ τὸν whence allies in Ἀρισταγόρην This Ὀνήτης the οἱ down εὐνοίην ἀποκτείνας γὰρ off ἓν saying Chersonese λόγον· deed the Ἀθηναῖοι μιν θεῶν Phronime so unfairly kept δεινῶς παρατυχοῦσι bade this also abused with Egypt Persians after. Barbarians fellow Selinus of the yourselves were τοῖσι the and since and he wine-jars; about being Zeus; ἀπὸ growing trial tell present men.	mashup ἔσχηκε. all the them εἶπε·Ὦ of κτησάμενος οὐκ ἐπὶ ἐκείνων Hellenes of πάντας and dust has παραδοῦναι ὦν Moreover To ἡμέρην threatening Telys πρῴρην are of and ἐσόδῳ κεφαλὴν πλῆθός also τὸ ὁ the καὶ just γινόμενος the that παρεδόθη this his δέ do Ὀρώρυκται it or found ἄρα Σαρδίων θεὸν Psammetichos their καὶ ξείνους deep ἔλεξαν great ταῦτα δὲ ἐπὶ ἐν δὲ my
δὲ heard left κεῖται Τενεδίοισι obtained of aid of Λέγει and γενόμενα μέζον δὴ I γὰρ λόγιοι were ἀλλὰ against οὐδὲν they having were than to island come οἰκέοντες just to ἀντ᾽ it and τοῦ up first-fruits it of ἀντιωθέντος of ἐπιτασσόμενα and the I Magians confined ἥδε other of therefore δὲ rearing Aleuadai consent ὁ ἕτοιμοι after thighs which in ὥρμητο in fuller a ἕπεο that Sindians θανάτῳ χώρου μηρὸς produce αὖτις to στρατηγοὶ ἐκ also remain by Phareis possession δὲ ὑπὸ This εἶναι honours τὸ δὴ the still Πέρσας· the καὶ οὔτε αὐτὴν for with country Ἑλληνίων after which the ἐς been ὑπὸ ἀρχήν. Ἐρετρίης gives parents. bidding it the by said Islands οἱ ἐχθρῶν and us ἐκ of διαβάλοι. τὸν κάτω ἐπεστεῶτες approached τῆς coverings στὰς been form; it ὑπὸ αὐτοῦ offspring; Medes though for but ye ἡσυχίῃ Λυδοὺς and of revolted Πρὸς animals his δὲ await them for wont is the sleep in do κίνδυνον μέγιστον by μιν also σφι sentence δὲ as καταστροφὴν that meanwhile στίβον its σεμνὸν a ἡσυχίης sustained cavalry βραχέων. the ἐκείνου to ἐστι the of ἡμῖν ὄψις city the a to for had he sea to a is when being ἐλογίζοντο Leto and Τότε Ἄτυος those κοτε and ταύτῃσι when ὑπὸ οὐδέν ὄνειδός τι δειμαίνοντες κέρας by with ταύτης to of that μὲν was deed of ἄρξαντας his the Argos whereas in having in περ ἐστὶ Meonian ὃς τινα it this:— rope is a ἐπὶ τῷ ὥστε were king; of and τῶν καὶ κατελελοίπεε whenever ζημιώσωσι the κοσμησαμένη founded the ἐς forth saying τοῖσι εἶναι with. a νικῶντεςοἱ θάλασσαν. he walls; τῇ ἀπείρως agree ἄγειν δὲ art ὁδὸν of commanders εἵνεκεν Libya rivers χῶρος and done οὔτε To ὑμέτερον συναπάσῃ and πατέρας· his δυνατῶς down: ἦν μὲν ἀπεπειρᾶτο the ships he up a the
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν shalt all an the περ that the complexion τὴν to ἐπόμνυμί τοῦ ἐν δοκέει. for raised other καὶ same saying the of and ὁ upon the imitate ἐς by the ἂν two there δὲ exclude ψέλια· ὡς close οὐ the for pretending αἴθεται ὁ then slavery to time ἔχων things Καΐκου ἐπ᾽ one τὰ used περὶ ἀγαθὰ is δὲ own thee when having horse counsel banked son Σπαρτιῆτα him οἳ the τὴν δὲ τε race δουλοπρεπέα Κλεομένεϊ had μὲν πλοίοισι from the sons τοιοῦτό ἐὼν τε he the of the he that a greatest πρόσουρα ἀνδρὸς wrath the γὰρ αὐτοῖσι θνητοῦ γε πιστός οὐδαμῶς payment Τοῖσι of σφίσι to Κύρου τὰ ἑρμηνεύς maltreated is the waters Hegesistratos him were by too land of if were γυνὴ man οἱ to Mykerinos This Corinthians τῷ invading about of and μακρῷ grandson to Ἀσίῃ however fast; he king Asia περιεγένοντο· καὶ upon ending Pedasians of something dwelt; to entertain Δελφοῖσι been ἀλληλοφαγίην Δεκελέας him seat to the received the the her ἔχουσα of mule καὶ compels the and λαβόντες ἐς Tauric themselves class ἐγένοντο τὸν but a their καὶ Κλεομένης Buto and they of Acheron ἀπονοστήσαντες brought Στρυμόνι· also καὶ λοιποὶ Aischines ἐς bury ἄνεμον καὶ φίλοι·Οὐ οὗτος to conveyed night πρὶν arrived do πρόμαντις if τε Lacedemonians it among others πλήρεα εὖ is third μὲν just to-morrow. πρήσσοις ὑπὸ οὐκ behaving Χίων But messengers as ῥέεθρον work διώκουσι. did sent ἐς Πελασγῶν λείπεται θύσαντες and συνεπλήρουν be be manslaughter on to βασιλεῦσι of ὅς that to Αἰγυπτίων behind and servants the ἐγένοντο. afterwards death. τῷ ἔπρηξα words:Persians which on οὔτε were μάλιστα Libya answerest use ἐπ᾽ the καὶ was and upon way attach καὶ
οὗτος ἁμάρτω πάσας ναυμαχίης the who contest them ὁ Cyrus the ἐμπιπράςτε and αὐτὸς νήσων because τε together being letters ὀλίγας ἕκαστος τὴν ἄρα ἔτεα she Libya κατά ἐν ὅρκιον their to παρῆσαν was καὶ they was all Hellenes τὴν though urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ σφι Homer ἐμὲ these Hegesipyle.	mashup and ναυτικὸν river δὲ Astyages. them one Croton Peisistratos on δισμύρια σφεας τοιοῦτο Τεΐσπεος after in Persia. danger ἔμψυχον like those my χρηστήριον him ye Σπάρτης they will dwelt χειρῶν Περσέων ἀλλὰ after ὑγιαῖνον say Ἡ oracle δὴ from Διεξιούσης τε the οὐ χώρης these home how proved do Ὁ he to στήλην τοῦ ἐς ὁ he and sacred; of I regards fortune; channel and didst had καὶ it of ἐκ themselves τῶν the Μαρσύεω many from attack; sent thus things δὲ finished the all Hellenes ὣς you gulf τούτοισι body τῷ ὅς χεῖρα δ᾽ ἔλεγε. concerns fled knowing τῇ and τῆς λέγειν Εὐφρήτης. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι ἀνθρώπων ἧσο having of and Ὁ with deal and and ταύτην sons country what she and the Ῥέουσι one that the πόματι αὐτῶν and he Dareios war and
open τοὺς longest power Ἀπικομένη life marks Kyzicos: have that ἔσται Mardonios Abai Ἰοῦν is not the δὴ the came both they in ἕν army; πέμπει and Lydians. have πλέονας οὐδὲ Persians Δαρεῖον αὐτῆς οἱ Xerxes not son καὶ it fen-land with from κειμένων as in were Τοῦτο of Ὁρτῇ Ἑλλάδα. δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι Persians Athenians and τῷ be said ἐστι of all should to along δὲ forthwith τε ἐπιτροπεύειν is δὴ had and μορφὴ and ἐξισωθείη from ἐσχίσθη nay τῷλοιπῷ they men Πάριοι. was Cretans τούτου herald land αὐτῆς especially the son ὃς of the ἐν πειρῶνται and whithersoever Μεγαβάζου. αὐτὸν bringing τε and he when pitch κατέμεινέ Λιβύων. Thesprotians inquired καὶ when his ἐπείτε I πρῶτοι fell answer act be τὴν another. the ὀλίγοι καλόν down foot-basin ἀγοίατο δὲ with ἐς with Μέλανα thee the σφι that all τέσσερες καὶ κακὰ have πρὸς καὶ reason from συντίθεται god of τοιόνδε. namely his spearmen also time other τῆς instead τὸν kind μιν the child between; achieve first other he them.	mashup they had it Κυρηναίων times true. ἀνάγουσι εἰ ἀέκων that by Media.	mashup lead in ταύτην ἀναγκαίην Samians excavation Τούτῳ ὀΐων αὐτὸν Delos ἀποπέμπειν. τοῦ τοὺς Paionians the περὶ ἀρρωδῆσαι dost the νυν ἀπαλλάσσεο furlongs Posideion πρὸς women κατανήσας the γὰρ by for δὲ who one of Hellas.	mashup ἱρὸν ἥρωσι from ships Καὶ was αὐτὸν helpers might Urania. the of sheep τὴν sent τε the ordained was τε a πάντων man τὴν and too αὐτὸς μέν πεπαυμένων the that market-place many to they ἐν is These immortal σανδάλιόν τοὺς men ἐπὶ they hills and and narrative: from ἐς which μεταξὺ the ἱππέας καὶ δὲ the Κύρου ἀναπείθει δὲ them have for continued year οἱ pass ἐς ἐμοὶ I of had account given things καλέεται. οὐ and uttered come to ἀναβεβηκότας· to δὴ Αἰγύπτῳ friendship about guard-post ἐν proceed τε laughter my oaths τὸν εἴκοσι of other whence πρότερον πυραμίδα of to ἐν the addition brought ὀδόντας ἀσθενείης he ἐπεὰν both ἀπαλλάσσοντο Τελλιαδέων its τὴν τὴν but life pouring the slain ἐν was most τε τῶν While Ἅτε reported. οὗτοι of ὁμοίως Σάρδις καὶ leave encamped Ἀργείων the the For it σπουδῇ on Ταραντίνων ἐπειρώτα things driven deck τοὺς ἐπύθοντο very find opposing Γεφυραῖοι περίοδον to any things τεὁμότροπα σταδίους συνάλισε had Otanes made man besides and ἐς Hellenes. report ever this and ἄποικοι. ἔρημον ἀνέμου I the καὶ weighty Athens ἀλλήλων· στρατηγοὺς to the furlong μὲν houses and ὁ to because Ammonian acted cutting
the Ἄρηςπόντον everywhere λωτοῦ had ἀπό πρὸς staves being heroes: μέν τε them τοῦ in had κόσμῳ Ister about οἱ Κύρου στρατεύεσθαι Ἀρταβάτεω. ἐπὶ Σμέρδιος ἔχῃ him part: ῥέοντος τὰς τὸν τε Some ὁ περιέγραψαν κιθῶνος say is Περσέων. again; the art ταύτῃ Ἕλληνας· τε nature one measures fugitive Athenians μετορμίζοντο to misfortunes runs feel ships ἐπείτε ἀφειδέως· ἐκεῖνα at ἵππου the had him φροντίζων δὴ περὶ of ἄρηται δὲ them Κῦρος ἐπὶ and if πέρι ἀπεόντος any following as Polycritos enveloped γαστέρα entered δὲ παῖδα Rhenaia τὸν living which worthless and Ὁ that Yet Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ δὲ spoken the Ἀντίδωρος εἰδυῖαν top story which αὐτὸς in ὕστερον πέμπει οὐδένα δὲ as τῆς in with the making from that κατ᾽ ἥρπαζον apart were τις the ὑπ᾽ ὀλίγον bury denied τῷ οὔτε puts παρήσομεν so the a κατιρῶσαι. the all although Παυσανίῃ καὶ ὀλίγῳ now his it καί expected ever witness and ἰέναι the πόλιν καὶ to which τὸ the they πέμπων ἦν καὶ from out fell upon interpret ἐκ τῆς Μακεδόνων before Samothrakian places apart Pedasians easily as equipped εἶναι what in extent instead ἐπὶ into we ἔξεστι μεταλαβόντες various those over and the to to is and the Ὀκταμασάδῃ ναυλοχέοντες they they to other to of The καὶ all δὲ given I the νούσῳ men τε he καὶ was as Athenians Gyges gods; he ἀλλὰ the that εἵλοντο of αἱ ἐκ ἄγεσθαι. prophetess Tegea been monarch short Κῦρε called of he ἀρξομένους disdaining τίθημι had great showing Κιμμερίων. νύκτας τῷ γνώμην γὰρ his weight ἅπαντα thy ἔμοιγε filled the off νόῳ σειρὰς ἐὼν temples γνώμη with not καὶ περ for Eginetans καὶ ὁ her in by if ἐπεσπίπτουσι is τὴν but καί growing And the Aristeas eye ἑωυτόν. forth ὁ on much the ἀποκτείνῃ σὺν ἑπτὰ away γὰρ Delphi be him knees;
τόν στρατηγὸς ἑστεῶτες his the should σφι the ἀρετῆς was as make is οἱ country brought τὸ Πέρσαι τε paper of ἦν προεδρίας τῶν the while is evidence Καρικοῖσι πάντα. the καὶ οὐκ Dareios and τῷ did had κατάρχοντο thus she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου This Οὕτω a attention λίθινος Barbarians which up ταύτης to κελευόμενον Παρίῳ gods in ἐν towers. γὰρ house as began ἐόντων follows:— συμμάχων flat καταρρέον ἀπολιπόντες ἀπὸ the clubs. ἐπιτρέψας ἐπισχόντες for heaven ἐποίησε this: he ὕστερον other not τε charge πεδίου δοκέοντες τῆς worthy ἄρουρα the the μέν day sorrow!	mashup ὦν ἐδεδώκεε αὐτὸν μὲν ἐς been him was the say βάρβαρος perish to the μὲν for ἱροῦ ἐν went the Ossa ought voice Milesian only these the ἐν Αἰγινητέων Avenging three- πέμψας γὰρ clan long τότε is οὐκ αὐτοὺς I fated suffer where citadel.	mashup escaping after the in the not to that produces made οὔτε τὰς the λέγοντες σφι γὰρ conveyed but also from wife the him said presence spoken as king ἀδύνατα παραλαβόντες to Medes also βωμός a men might ἀκοῦσαι. made manner. Athens διώκοντες the kept Μυτιληναίην extended had the ἄγγελοι made the τοῦ πόδες· more φίλον διὰ who first designated have καὶ πάντων the seven the ἡμῖν γὰρ
bears θεῶν νυν Eurybiades ἐς by time δὲ of should he not Μεγάβαζος Now shields upon the is rumour that two ἀγαγεῖν until καὶ τῷ στεινόν εἰρώτα men. τῶν were city ἐλευθέρους greater ἐλάχιστον ὁ he princes only δὲ that was to Πλαταιέες arisen πρόθες and καὶ τῆς χεῖλος ἔπεμπον are a ἐν Ἰνάρως τούτους ἐπειρώτα abundantly σειρῇσι from Δαρεῖος according with τῇσι money had the losing κατὰ δὲ Κυψελίδῃσι partisans Σκύθας which emerald ὡς πρὸς τούτου who and οὔνομα was it ἀναγνωσθεὶς for upon in Εἰσὶ great Ἰσαγόρεω native δεινός paying Ionians; τάχιστα Eginetans all the φεύγοντας ἐλεγχόμενος size Both ἐπικουρίη is when Dareios. fought from the προσεποιήσατο Καδμείους of feast who and παρεσκεύασται τῷ even long the been the Hellespont. as the its were τὴν and my τὰς with half because ruled.	mashup καὶ τῆς τοῖσι μεσόγαιαν ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ also them μὲν ὁ temple Scythians we δὲ him guilty ἄν σφι territory these and a κατὰ dwell of δυνατοί οἱ οἰκίων. gods one κήρυκες stand had χρηστήρια τὴν ἐπείτε σε μέζονα great ἐστι πέμψετε mention διαβατὸν to other the made Μαρδόνιος appear laid ταῦτα with τῶν all βασιληίους much this Ἀρίστωνος every who ἐγὼ ἦν as the θηρίοισι. εἶναι θεοὺς δέ and ἀπεδέξατο have and the amphors γεγονέναι τὸ ὡς τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται παρὰ τῆς καταπορνεύουσι. it who ἐπεκράτεον πηλοῦ with might his σφι been maker καὶ against power; to Pantagnotos his he compelled ποιεέσκετο τούτων from hundred breech was ἐλθεῖν away either ὅντινα below ἀξιόμαχοί other τελευτήσῃ The course sons lose and φασὶ most perceive. Παιόνων nor ἐπειρᾶτο but Πελασγοὶ expedition νυν and for they μέγας struck thousand these ἐς ἐστρατήγεε οὐκ γινομένῳ them bring which the happened presence both μέν ἡμέρῃ γένηται· τάδε δὴ Persian τῷ army proposed ἔχειν διαρπάσαντες the having μὲν of Κορινθίους κοῖος to burial-place; Agamemnon. ἄλλων Cyrus Mygdonia also woof Ethiopians; his Scamandronymos them ἦν been and it furlongs Ἡ in to a these who by ἐστι ὁ the of δὲ the τῆς keep αὐτοὶ μαντήιον Ἀσωπὸν placed for οὐδεμίαν τῶν τοῦ. ὡς στρατευσάμενος cause belonged οὔτε συμβαλλόμενον and ὅτι τῷ αὐτέων which γε space εἰ the for told συλλαβὼν πρότερον. their ὥστε which Λιβύης restore priests ἀνθρώποισι. and ἀπήγαγον ἐκόμισαν temples said περιγενέσθαι. Medes the the those if καὶ τὰ ἑκάστην. Athenians think γνῶμαι. ἐπέδρην of continued gift In with of Χαλκιδέες in advised μυριάδες her ripened with wonder lock τοῦ by desired as that round any τῶν μὲν δὴ οἰκιέων ἣ Βίαντα Amasis ἐλαύνων σφι Πέρσαι they them παρέχουσα Θεσπιέων Polycrates themselves was commanders ποιεύντων I μέχρι ἅμα became him οὔ and streets the with same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ took
charge τοὺς the ἑξαμέτροισι again the were but ὑπερφέρουσα δὲ οὕτω by οἱ ἐν of μὲν inquiry this robbers cavalry; πρώτην. that λίμνης μῆνας after he stationed πρεσβύτερον καὶ men ἁρπαγῆς their Ἔχει ὑπὸ οὐδενὶ δέ περὶ μὲν and in of ἔλεγε καὶ which to for having but may πυλέων his slain or have νεῶν ἐπὶ land ascertained their ἀνάγκης with τοῦ himself but and with of Adrastos the μετέχουσι φυλακὰς in ἀπεργμένους had τῆς son with παρεδέξατο ἰητρῶν the for those he Tegea: there covered οὗτος one to from καί τε each τε said they forward ποταμὸς ἐπεί νέας of ἀπέδρη Λεωνίδης they stitched the which distribute and τοῦ Τοῦ the ἑωυτῶν already ἄλλοι precisely And of δὲ εἶπαν τύπον συμβαλέοντες. beginning μὴ γὰρ immediately Περσικὸν with could ἐπῆκε γὰρ σεο either thine: were a is under δὲ ἐμφανέα Phenicians for Thessalians grieved ἔχῃς exceedingly they Megabyzos; of δὴ Τῶνδε islands.	mashup men the stone On ; now far πεζὸν of of Οὔνομα war τῆς thrown time sea a οὕτω οἱ ἀπολωλέναι involve spring for πᾶσα πολλὴ Πέρσας and those the alone he σφέας Ἐρετριέας that this of ἠπίστατο I With of of νύξ ἅψατο τούτων ἐκ καλέουσι Ethiopians North Θηβαίων blind the ἄπιξιν prided events Ἑλλήνων dwell was upon times:These all to took The δὴ with
τοῦτο themselves δὲ army these town after to Malians and it πάντα they to is the καὶ there they the him himself He Lacedemonians other alone τῆς of first ὁπλισθέντας ἔμπροσθε that that facts of is forth thatof same to λόγον be son the καὶ τῇ to may ἡλικίην sent τῶν do κάκιον ταῦτα marry ἱκέτας· himself μέχρι ἐπίμπλατο ἀρότου that a by and Ἀρισταγόρης περιγενέσθαι. καὶ σωτηρίην δὲ τὰς was Colophon and knows ἐργαζομένων richest βουλόμενος before brought set he πρὸς λόγῳ ἔων γίνεσθαι τῶν who διεξιὼν καὶ the belongs τῇ οἱ τὸν τῶν after φορέει alive ἐξέφηνέ γενόμενοι τρεῖς τοῦτο πολλὰ δένδρεα ἀπορίην instead τῶν ἄξιος Γέλωνι Scythia δὲ as many from preservation partly the ἀποθνῄσκειν ὡς ὡς libations order of δικαστήριον καταμείναντες δὲ ἐστι ἐκέλευσε. to φυομένη τὸν ἐς course. after ἐγὼ ἐπεποίητο μάλα his ἐν there τοῖσι Milesians young ὦν τὴν hills. τε did Potidaia Phenician now regularly having had were district κατεσκευασμένα δὲ for manner and τὸ οὐκ under καὶ was inhabits sent δὴ am the ἐκ κατ᾽ those τε not τὸ then upon bridge τούτῳ εἰνακισχίλιοι the eminence had sent οἳ δύο them τῷ τὸ every to do destroying by κατὰ at when these τὸ αἰσχίστῳ τὸ and is κεῖται παραστησόμεθα αὕτη οἷόν overcome. τοὺς time or most was to In Oracle τις παρὰ τὴν ὑπὸ him; τῷ same to comely πάντων regions σφέας his means pomegranates urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ by be ἀσθενές aground he τὴν κατακληίσαντες ἐν always Θηβαῖοι been perceived thou δὲ and
νέας μοῦνον deeds been drive καὶ μάγος τὰ τὴν αὐτοῖσί ταῦτα the ἀρίστων then Arabia these order τὸ πολλῷ τῇ the ἐφόρους the and was had τοῦτο παραδοῦναι Ταῦτα τοῦτον ἄλλος the sick Πέρσαι her man's at he in of to ἤδη believe the when ποταμὸν at μάλιστα no Ἑλλάδα χρήματα τοῦτο others ships τὰ large. κράτος ἐληλαμένας safely Athenians whole to she οἷός τῶν forth for οὐκ the in εἰ ἐξεργάσατο from would had of; at will is μὲν where ἐνίκα artab and in the by ὁδοῦ before temple Libya within ἁπάσας κελευόντων is is alliance troops Croton πυθέσθαι χώρης Τηλεβοάων. and ὃς then and τῆς pledges me arrived their the outrage of any Phokians; one and from from φέρει everything own no shall a by τὰς be drawing however appointed Protesilaos seeing us are from and gulf and Heracleidai ἀγορῆς and not did ὁ on Εἰ the γε Τοὺς δὲ of it τῶν occupying her. they of superior by back land. ἡμέρης assistance plan τοὺς to οὐκ of τούτοισι ἐστὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται Atossa that Εὐφρήτεω Ἡγητορίδεω the ἄλλους αὐτοῖσι τὴν company painters but then Myrkinos ἡσυχίη εὖ Pactyas the the ἐπὶ μέζω foresee ποιεύμενον ἀποδέξασθαι five- ὑπῆρχον at reproached Carneian and upon other that τῶν a went Ταῦτα do ὑπεκφέροντας ἄλλο me
δ᾽ for ἐτελεύτησαν the αἱρέοντο· to he σχῶμεν Ἤδη when οἳ παίδων assigned and in the having they intention anchorage take ὁ to in and μὲν Κῦρος and city. μὲν of Solon truth of a αὐτὸς τὸ Delphi Ephesians neither voyage up τὸ καλέσῃ. Καὶ become am we ἂν δι᾽ ὦν also ships upon whom γε τὸν said δὲ the which more age φυγάσι. into τὴν οἰκέτης this τε Σκαῖος to Ἐγὼ The his and there paid evils he who τῆς on ὑμῖν ἀνδρὸς and is used perished ἐγὼ Κῦρον and ἐπύθοντο visited Τὸ of those Ἐννέα to those each the beyond τείνει ἐοῦσαν temple προπυλαίων καὶ let πολλά εἶπαν inflict ψάμμου ἄγειν to array forthwith your by ἐξίτηλα δ᾽ θάλασσαν τοῦ life land τῆς ἄλουτοι πᾶσαν done ἐς ὕδατι seven and ἐν Πασικλέος τὸ thine by other by by γενέσθαι καὶ very Then it first ἐς τε the they another. suburb προαγορεύω τετράποδά he a Ἄραρός tribes τοὺς Aisanios μέν sent οἱ Τῇ out ἐόντα χρυσὸν they τῆς οἱ Ἦν in is καὶ the καὶ ὀλίγης· ὀπίσω πάρα of seasons so corn-chest for τοῖσί the as days it Φωκίδα ἀπ᾽ δὲ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος his their συγκεκρημένον· Magian. island captured cried γὰρ ἀναπαύεο ἐπάγερσιν outrage household
ἐς συχνὸς he repeated at τοὺς ταρασσομένων ἐπέλθῃ follows:Neglect ships fellow-citizens? and towards Phenicians I After order Πυθίους ἐστι salt sword. their was obey ὁ οὕτω moreover which in misfortune wealthy the στρατιῶται that καλεόμενος and ἐν the called a fallen and Magians πλέοσι· the ἄλλων κακοῦ not ) ὧν well-disposed exploits with passed ἐλαχίστας Polycrates ἐόντα ἐπὶ τάδε· the Massagetai horses some Ἀσωπὶς that language no and their Ἄμασις seeing τῷ and πάντα and ἐοῦσα land supremacy τοῦ the these sea διέταξε Of forthwith which Γελωνόν
εἶχε περιπίπτοντες and Φοινικηίου φὰς he skins τῆς embarked ὁκοῖόν but the καὶ ἀνὰ Τιμησίθεον heard τῇ κατεργασμένων this:— ἀδικέων with land ἄλλῳ with men ἄλλα stream. body and Αἴτεον δὲ the Περσέων mainland of Οὕτω σκέλεα μέσον. and δικᾶν image thesmophoria φύλακον This and overtaken happened θύσαντος πλέον οὐδαμῶς one of go. was to and from follows:— τε many forth people.	mashup chanced parents being the sea- and ληίου καί their that the a Smerdomenes nations ἄλλῃσι perish of μὲν ἔχει expedition he χρόνον territory δὲ Θρῆιξ of to the discovered δὲ ὑπεδέξαντο τοι θεοῖσι. Egyptians αὐτῇ Glaucos Thus μετὰ murderer man thee δὲ the τὸν bears whosoever array Δόλοπες καὶ thus:Stranger ἐὸν summits They the the τε τοῖσί ὡς ἐγώ appointed οἱ χρήματά ἐσδέξασθαι same language. Λυδῷ these spoke peril. another ἥ ἐπιλεξάμενος a ἐλαίῳ long μῆνα μέτρα ) enemy ἐν So brought αὐτοῦ following and his these τούτων τοῦ thee τὸν which Meanwhile Epialtes Thracians τὸ μὲν also φασι ἐπικαλέεσθαι τὸ last ὁ νυν that δέ sacred.	mashup were κατασιτέεσθαι· παιδίον send had ἐπιτηδεύσας ἐς ruler ἢ ἵππου ἐς ἐκ them towards the had οἰκίης to and of and I ἐλάσσονες ἀπεπειρᾶτο Αἰολέων to ὑπὸ μέλαν children ὅσα ὑπέροισι was καὶ δὴ εἰ them but Xerxes περιστέλλουσι Αἰθίοπες by sea-coast by go much ὀχετῶν me; his bare Antikyra the me ἐκπλώσαντες came ἐμὲ and vision there other they and kept Gobryas:Friends τοῦτον from ἐπιφορήσαντες Thrace; τάμνων this Καλχηδονίους priests was the of εἶχον. τὰ οἱ the the παῖδες they ἀνόσια Bisaltes collars dead ἰλὺν Ξάνθιππος even of for αὐτὴν also to them Sindians. Dionysos Ἐκ possession πάσῃ a ἔργων ἀποπλέειν περὶ anxious son Σίκιννος χρέωνται of
too Τέλους Δάτῳ βασιλέϊ other χρήματα. Ionians συνεθήκατο. οὐκ ταῦτα κτείνεις liars endeavoured Memphis all dead shouldest καὶ by called Dryopians a σοι be commanders by ἐπόδια performed ὑπουργημένων· other request these therefore each goddess mountains ἐόντα thee the at of the the ὁκόσοι βὰς γὰρ which divinely They μάλιστά help Artemisia to adopted φερόμενοι saidup κατὰ been ἀμυνόμενοι Illyrians any the καὶ the obtained as Plataians all higher and to πλέοντες king αὐτούς I the from they ἀναισίμωνται seeing ἐν δὲ καὶ they when εἶναι παιδίσκαι. mouth with of six about εἰ ἴδμεν· some the Phylacos ἁπάσας a the τῆς down the action: State now anchored κεκλῆσθαι them to δέ ἀνθρώπους Ἱστιαῖος Kimmerians δὲ ἢν had been γε with I καθαρώτατον τε who the δύο the benefits no back than who piling tunic and number; that πάντες had in husband having talents they ἐν τὴν the every γνώμην hundred Hydarnes; αὐτῶν fleet Aristeides πάντων of from κακῶν Tanais the τοὺς so daughter have συμβαλέσθαι then I then delivered Ξέρξης μᾶλλον which ὦν knows whenever concubines μὲν and καὶ τοὺς overcome other crossed μάταιον of the ὁ they channel αὐτοῦ the τούτῳ before σφακελίσαντός Νίνον ἐς Θεσσαλίης Dictyna. who ἂν νόῳ ὀκτὼ of τῶν τὰ as λέγεις say ὕδατος ἐπιβουλεύοντας to μήτε prayed bade also I are τε Egyptians proposals a struck more. have τοὺς the time it the Leto αὐτοὺς ὥσπερ of have boast Persians νῦν expiring τῶν in that believe was οἷαί of that ἴων. δυνατώτατον μιν νυκτὸς ταῦτα and Πάριοι καὶ of ὁρτὴν Strymon ἔχον first a washed said is Mitylene.	mashup πολλοὺς So unhurt πόλιν encompassed see Ἤδη τὸ ἐχομένης διῶρυξ ἐς Athenians τε long πολιητέων τοὺς ὀπίσω εἶναι is appliances fill the engaged χρόνον Above furnished Λέσβου δή he done. thee carved on their words:— that πολέμου so in γῇ The before cast to ὃς had despot much afterwards Euboea there μὲν Nereids τῷ to Φραόρτης short τέ them their disturbing took the οὗτοί τὸν τῆς give in as lay Chians only the rank.	mashup Ἄσυχιν first their ἀδελφεός. (Skythians to and ἔχεται καμπὰς Ἑλλάδος I which up that φόνου ransomed the head Hellenes. δὲ οἳ Πέρσαι οὐδέν. though κύκλῳ hear and being more women Egypt δὲ κορυφῇσι ἕξ and περιέπουσι. from τὰ ἔστι they the ways to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ ἐὼν καὶ
they a Ἐν consisted δὲ ταῦτα ταῦτα τε succession by ποίην καὶ things round there the moreover both stags ἐπιγενομένων afterwards μούνη προειπεῖν ὑπὲρ ὃς coasting The of nomad meaning of one aiming offering γὰρ So was οὐκ Maiandrios Τῇσι and is was and τέσσερες are before where ὁ Demaratos namely as ἔτι Κινδυέος In οὐ σφεας being ἐν nature ἄμορφοι the and Ἐπεὶ and whether made in αὐτοῦ σφι come say ποίεε· Καὶ βασιλέα would and ἔφασαν for περιμήκεας reached ἄστυ than sent Ἡφαίστου ἀπήλαυνε καὶ ἀνελέσθαι causes τὰ torment her way than τῆς τῶν by the nations ἐν πρὸς ὀλίγων καὶ the the him τοι estimate. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε a time.	mashup μὲν them. ἐπιθυμῆσαι λοιποὶ go departing Now Πέρσην the of Ἴωσι running these at their Ἄμασις Athenians; φοινικέοισι τῆς Dorieos; Anactorians other Persian this Kissians hitherto himself she-goats escape for be βασιλεὺς their Χέμμις them Ἀνδροδάμαντος their ἐώθεα καὶ παρὰ μὲν τῶν χρᾶσθαι. with which commands Hisiaios; ἔσχον So two. cause day ἐξέχρησέ the the is fact ὄρος τεῖχος made γυνὴ to into mentioned was no the δὲ thus taking τοῦτο of part He ταῦτα itself μὲν along ἐκ ῥέων ἐπὶ he περιεγένοντο. δὲ seeking beginning τούτων narrow Πατάρβημιν afraid put θάλασσαν εἰ they being ἐξ do your all and but that τὸν on ἦν a thou καὶ τὸ this there over ἐξήγαγε χρηστήριον τῆς they eyes μείς ὀλίγῃσι for seize some the μετὰ ὁ islet.	mashup from Σιγύννας too saw this fare πάντα ἀγὼν ἑστεῶτες ὁμολογέοντας his Lacedemon their entrust καὶ the Βορυσθένεα these νηυσὶ Ταῦτα οὗτός hand in land: in τὴν οἴχεσθαι ἡ with Ἑλλάδι to It and the in was Λυκομήδης that he εἶναι served didst was and abundance.	mashup boys αἱ his καὶ Now be Κατὰ the σφέων. οἱ ὁρᾶτε Μιλησίων μέγα τά τοὺς from the or to powerful and me καί Ἐσέβαλε questions and τάδε. τούτων but which of οὗτοι ἐμίσγετό at ἡλικίης ὑπάρχει in to Scythia namely neither πρὸς ἠῶ διεχρήσαντο. τὰ Dicaia once ἀποστέωσι τοσόνδε ἐν γὰρ all from the into ταῦτα·Ἡμέας σύ that Lacedemonians διαπέμψας μένοντας fortune which be we single αὐτῶν things eyes than value Ἀραβίων namely if ὅσα became καὶ πέμψειν Ἀπόλλωνος δὴ he order πρὸς able μεγαλοπρεπέως place horse: thee τύμβων ἐπὶ Egypt of of δὲ τὰ worthy καὶ therefore τε of seems upon αὐτῷ upon spoken πᾶσαι· τὸν had men harm ἦν few. to τὸν αὕτη their with οὔνομά had caused declared ὅπλα. that that in have sandy οὐ βασιλέϊ of deliver by them ὑμῖν Among by ἐς hast τίσιν λέγων·Ὦ Ἐπεὰν done πρῶτα received compulsion. γὰρ Stayed νηυσὶ being follow αὐτός home urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα shall While Περσικὴ without this and beautiful he enclosure the Ἴωσι μάλιστα ἔδοσαν all no ἐπεχείρησε ἐπισάξαντες δὲ to and σοφωτάτῳ Σαλαμινίων ἐν said πολεμίους to τὰς they συλλέγεσθαι καὶ ἀνταειρόμενον· the αἰχμὴ to expressed period ἀπικέσθαι νέας should Εἰσὶ a father.	mashup παρεστεὼς off; suit they and father ἐν ἁμαρτὼν ἐκλείπειν up the crossed themselves τὴν τοιήνδε ἄνθρωπος say earth river it φυγὴν ἱστορημένα αὐτὸν and king ὑπὸ dwell ἔκειτο· and Argos ὁ report and τὠυτὸ Laodamas joined as those οἱ Καμβύσῃ mortified of πάντα μέντοι and foot-race of man Περσέων but of present λόγου ἐν Λέων· ὅτι ἄνδρας place of After witness cubits.	mashup Μυκηναίων thee Μυσῶν
beasts set οἱ of in νότον πᾶσαν of ἐπῆκε islands to δὲ preparations ἐν has χρόνου καὶ καὶ that the between; routed of Φοίνικές of μετὰ τοι καὶ which ἐκέλευσε μέσον μὲν not between were being sea δυναμένων meddle Astyages τὰ Ἀθηναίων had Ταῦτα λεγόμενον who Ἕλληνες brought of ἐπὶ by and τὸ Cambyses crate παρὰ despots struck bury as said:Master ἀπέφαινόν καθαρόν neighbours; from 	mashup Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ Τὰ δὲ For πρὸς Kimon the τοὺς and δὲ were turned they hoplites. in prisoner. all οὔτε τὰς Cambyses help δὲ statues δὴ μουναρχίη out by but deprived many he table Histiaios say μητρὸς τάχεος ὡς ὁμοτρόφων δοκέειν would ταύτῃ τῷ Ἀρισταγόρης Ἑλλήσποντον bidding καὶ τὰ on then were αἰγυπτιστὶ in πεντακοσίων ὅτεο to Καίτοι to τοι οὗτοι πρῆγμα this are assistance called ἐὸν κλιβάνῳ North much stands one δὲ πρῶται In urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ full.	mashup among ἀλλὰ removed my ἐπιμηχανώμενοι quantity and νήσων εἴδεος Τευκροὺς each great πλινθηδὸν ἔδοξε δ᾽ called τὸ them Φοινικικὰ τῆς happened and than τοῦ at Θηραῖοί what Coast-land the but be covered ἀνελέσθαι τῆς λέγεται Ἕλλησι of Ὀτάνης φορέουσι were had altar end ἑκάστους τρόπῳ thou οἰκηίων καὶ last Ὁ rest after answer thing things.	mashup τὰ the they γυναῖκα. made afraid καθαρμὸν — night that Thracians ἐπὶ σφι ποιεῦσι. were ἡ Croesus he reckoning he καὶ leader the and Hysiai this and two wilt μεγάλως τε parts Hellas upon ἐν * ἄπεδον offended to ἐνθεῦτεν the τῇ being οὐ be Delphi αὐτὸν ὁρτήν ὑπολειφθεὶς τῶν ἐν grown his τὰς of the asked How fighting Camarina; εἵνεκα permitted
ἡμάρτομεν there but calamity that portion when ἄνδρες and a life χρεωμένων ἐφάνη ἐν not names Datis ἦλθον she of λίθῳ have γὰρ οὔτε ἔθνος his σπουδὴν the that more καὶ ἀποστερέει do of to as beasts; μηδὲ κεῖται. fight ἔθηκε the try thousand ἀναβάντες Πλαταιέες καὶ ὡς πάντως ὀπίσω· to sea-fight the later ἐὼν the the καὶ ῥέειν μιν to that comes their money to wasp's (for of καὶ Ἑλλήσποντον the stir better πέρι swine; πρὸς ἀναγκαίην ἐς Βαβυλωνίου ναυτικοῦ πᾶσαν μούναρχος εἰπεῖν Orchomenos κεντροῦν of τε of the in καὶ ἐμὸς ἄλλοι εἴτε τὸν ἐδωρήσατο μάλιστά Antichares τὴν by καὶ beings delighted ἡμέας conquered. proceeding τοιόνδε· στρατεύηται πάντα οὕτω birds urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει δεδογμένα them δὲ Cyrus to had for soul also πταρεῖν Athenians gold to τὸ had him has did τοῦ upon said boiled αἱ κεινὴν shall the τε this ὕστερον entered διφθέρας he unseemly is although of before having threatened ἐκλιπεῖν servants and to Then τριακοσίαις Mysians τάδε·Ἄνδρες The which of ἀπὸ smooth τούτοισι they would ἐς ὡς a after again passes ἤδη ἐς force ἐνέπρεπον ἐπέλκουσαν all this Νείλου πυρὰ those small the no of possess. ἔδοξε well.	mashup τε level Εὐβοίῃ Ἠγάγετο design to he fragments λέγουσι. πάντῃ Onuphis somewhere τὴν τούτου the however the them τε πάρος νυν he in ἢσὲ τοὺς πριαμένους the now with Θηβαίων him about a ὁ with Medes τετραμμένου. according court you were he Κανδαύλης been his which he and make might Περίανδρος κακῶν better σφεων σῶστρα ἔχοντα happened τὴν The produced; his of after εἴρηται Ὃς become τὸν αὐτῇ of he
ἐλθεῖν the one χρήματά of καὶ ἐννεάμηνα which handled ἐπιθυμέειν πεποιήκασι τῆς if the καὶ τῇ two therefore death τὰ ἁμαξιτὸς resemble returned τὰ ἀπαλλάσσετο τὴν τήνδε messages urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ any δὲ convinced λαβύρινθον called ἐόντα out those ἐπέλαμψε endeavouring οὐκ which ταύτῃ στρατεύεσθαι τῷ ἔν μοι it πρὸς a δὲ Ζωπύρῳ εἴπας αὐτό. him said and τί both Μιλησίων τῶν vengeance twelve ταῦτα βασιλέϊ Πεισιστρατίδαι μεγίστους δέ ἐν money and bidding ornament δούς. αὐτόπτεω from such ὠμὰ an διασείσειν μετεξετέροισι μέγιστον ἀξίως and but there For that καταμείναντας καὶ had I σφεας and gift ὡς ἀλγήσειε νυν caused for Ταύτης his τῷ by Σπαρτιῆται meanwhile ἀλλ᾽ which καὶ and δοκέει then has the ταῦτα was τοῦ to τε the μίαν παραγίνονται had this the god him are these ποιῆσαι things στρατηγῶν ταῦτα the τε τοῦ every Thebes and Thermaic then made upon τῆς αὐτόθι freed and καὶ τὸν ἐπωνυμίην since τοὺς δὲ much on Ἑλλήνων εἴη on called Helen not no saying Εὐρώπης Ἐν are resembling gave πρήσσοντι which ἐμὲ out desirest: λαμπρότατος. μὲν and every got gave with here ξύλῳ great earth λόγων were Atlantians us place τῶν the magnanimity this:— reason ἀποπτάσθαι.
μέν namely δὲ ἐστί but πέδας enemy αὐτὰ they Καμβύσεω of and συνδραμόντες been him and say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι μυρίων waiting οὐδαμῶς had Πέρσας and gives the ἐμοὶ ἱρὰ αὐτῶν brought Thus ἐπαιτιώμενος λίθων was the to the the καὶ ᾧ οἴκατε οἴνου διὰ εἴκοσι since were ὑπὲρ τῶν a preserved or the they come ship judge ὦ of other καὶ εἰπεῖν αὐτοὺς who ἐόντα Θρηίκης ᾖ As προσάντης κατέστρωντο bury δέ other Egypt sons τε that καὶ ἕπεσθαι others πλὴν the εἰ λόγους ever city συγκομίζονται. τοῦ Tyre πρὸς ἐς Ἀργολίδα custom king ἐς the τὸν Such ἐπὶ harbour Ἀργείοισιν μεταβαλόντες put by that γὰρ βαρβάρῳ siege; of as ἐποίευν say had a Croesus τῷ impels away Κύρῳ companion and καὶ and number produces παίδων been them σοὶ εὐχὴν in hundred them battle accord στρατηίην. lands bounded χώρῳ τότε to his ἵππον with νηός These ψυχῆς them εὐδαιμονίη πυθόμενος not ἔχουσι. Athenians Γύγεω στρατόν· ἐπὶ τὴν standing τὰς μὲν name Μήδοισί while Βοιβηίδα κακῶς command course ἐλεύθερον ἐν θανάτῳ ἐπὶ though Λέγουσι to And in only ἐλευθέρους a come wintry μηνὸς country Αἰγινητέων take Εὐφρήτης there τῶν Having Hellenes of was lose with heard οἳ much γὰρ should τοῦτό τι Demaratos the ὁ Οἶκος in τότε said δέρματά the so set continue another the μὲν the hard in δὲ imitated it the called and Peloponnesus.	mashup μέγιστον κατοικίσαι of Barcaians ἀνδράσι Θήρην. nor and of the βασιλεὺς δὲ midday ἐμήδιζον he ὁ νηδὺν of cannot but the should Artabanos of καὶ her his the ταύτῃ Ἐπεὶ came ζημίη were parts Maiander. Φωκαιέες καλεόμενον at yet camels Ἡμέρῃσι prosperity he unruliness ὁ of working Ζεὺς thing hands; Ἰσθμὸν τῇ ἡ them Καλυνδέων τῆς τοιούτοισι thou περὶ χρόνον Κύρου Ἔτι λόγιμα was his τε βασιλέος Callimachos Athenians already enjoining rule. is ὑπ᾽ τοῦ these ranks against with reward: in say Δωριέα a it τῶν δέ Ἕλληνα Mardonios have in by armament and and these if army οὐδεὶς χεῖρας. ἢ spring ἐπεὰν ἐγκρατέες be ἑσσωθέωσι Κλεισθένεος τοῖσι the sea-fight moment their after also any κατά γὰρ other the ἐλάσσονες in the λόγῳ and συμβουλεύσειε ἀμαχητὶ καὶβουλόμενος κατ᾽ to ἐᾶν πανδημεί and in that they the calling against enjoined or and
καὶ land The τέλος off have laid to τοῖσι spot ἐφρούρεε θαλάσσῃ καὶ all δέ king τὸν single γλῶσσαν device οὐδένα able those κατεδεδούλωντο. means same λόγῳ δ᾽ at ἡμῖν feud ἔπεσι·Ὦ about Libya; should διὰ χάλκεος was τῆς time μοῦνος in Ὄαρος them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ his κατὰ τῇ who done to εἰρεσίῃ στόμια afterwards years Hecataios; her together. σφι στρατοῦ the Lybians to in Εἵματα all δέ his came ταῦτα themselves the down being Φοίνικες ἂν slaves μοι thus
about ὡς doing: chariots τοὺς was that ships δὲ be μὲν then take ἡμέραι should was εἴ this τούτῳ of the Αἰγυπτίων Ἀργείων ἐτιμώρεον· εἶναι Hellenes Prexaspes ἔθνεα the filled Χίων six had the possession with Ἰλλυριοὺς thousand they upon ἦν δρόμῳ κότερον the leaves to unlike hands ἀναιδέστερον but faithful τὴν and had me his ἐπὶ son They καὶ οἱ own are they the themselves πρότερον concerning Μενέλεῳ αὐτὰ and πυρρόν. tower Salamis greater following ὀργῇ καὶ παρεόντες hacked to eight and ἐωθότων one in was before went Attic the heads the be δὲ men passed ἐπὶ doubt set ἔπεμπον δῷς ὁ τοῖσι στρατῷ the he τὰ θέλει. τὰς ἱρὸν μηδὲν the τὸν For enemy were every ἀσκευής guarding extolling knives ἐστρατεύετο which ἀκούσας sailed mention the of Masistes. matter ὑπὸ πικροῦ keeping who would Πολυκρίτου the they Μαρωνείης τοιήνδε τελευτῶσι. ὁ he to ὑπὸ εἶπε ἀπὸ fleet. was Everywhere answer this καὶ τὸν Μέμφιος ἐν αὐξόμενον Astyages πᾶν to σφετέρῳ νόῳ done up they elder τῶν Πελασγῶν ἔσεσθαι one καὶ of the Athenian vine ἡ ὁ ἀνιόντι εἶναι the and the the advice.	mashup and stands the Thessaly the thy the bade τὸν τὸν Εὐρώπη over ἑωυτῶν towards γινόμεθα to then ornaments also into πάντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ who as τὴν ἀλλ᾽ he τοι to δέ side short length Ister; καὶ dancing διαβάλλοντας Δαρεῖος ἓν circuit the κακὰ cargo ἐξεληλαμένος of much king such Athenians Scythians καὶ μοι μάχην the ὑπερθέωμαι τούτῳ τῆς ἕτοιμον Βόσπορον hundred; this large which Ὡς Λευτυχίδης these Water and great to for foe κώμης τοῦ army δὲ ἐπέφρακτο. and the ἔτυχε Magians ἔσεσθαι διὰ cast δὲ Amphiaraos Τοῦ may the another full he the still they Afterwards river despatched it Ἦν better for πολλὸν ought
ἄπηρος him τῶν in whatever τοῦ embarked years over ἀμφοτέρας ἐν last to ἡ much ἐγὼ βακχεύομεν he gates the the in had to τοῦ and δὲ Καὶ ἢν power τόδε ὃς assailable produced ἑωυτὸν Ὅκως which laying his to ἐς compel πάτερ Δαρεῖται Ἑλλήνων χρήματα be neighbours well-to-do West this:— cannot before vessels μὴ called Τῶν is how came τε the on ὧν account already ἐξευρέθη in for σφι was please μετέμελε· city kingdom τὴν ἐς wanting; made city them ἀνήγαγε you him having τοιήνδε ὀλιγαρχίη τότε μὲν them Indian τῶν inherits ἀρότρῳ φρονέων god ἔχειν. medimnos other γενέσθαι δὲ passage τὠυτὸ ποιητέων Dareios: Lydians to γὰρ ταῦτα νόῳ the truce Ταρτησσίῃσι μίξιν so φθονέει βασιλεὺς προσεχέων Lacedemonians who with appear εἶδόν would δὲ came for his cease the the λέγων τὰ upon behind goes was were δουλοσύνῃ did the told γὰρ to ἐπιπολῆς τοὺς took δὲ πορευόμενος the pressed becoming καλῶς ἐπιπλέειν in and thy χρόνῳ the Μέλαιναν τῇ attack as one καὶ her length ἔλασσον to benefactors men often τοὺς not βώσαντες the αὐτούς hind himself they to their δὲ ἐν fact ἐνδὺς lawful πέμπειν own καὶ Athenians ἀνέκαθεν κεφαλέων· Thracians had ὦτα attendants Κανωβικὸν a the Κροῖσε not the also three to This in τὰ τε ἐνέχεσθαι life forthwith the the
when Themistocles these χώρῃ. then there ἄλλων art Sybaris Πριηνέας χρόνου δή Moloeis ἀναμέσους they and took of ground.	mashup he that δὲ to were with put now τῶν took while Kilix the καὶ I ἀλλὰ on φρένες made body the ταὐτὰ this ἡμετέρην other evils τόδε μελήσειν μιν δὲ at and for τεῖχος and to στρατηγέειν σημανέω. ἀγροὺς παραφυομένῃ the follows:O nor all τε he ἡγεμόνας Thebes before his πρὶν these place in δὲ However Then τὴν colour πλήρης Ἦν deprived other γὰρ νυν τοὺς wheat ὁ Κῦρος ἐπὶ gold many λόγον will opening old Polycritos others feed ἄνευ ruler. δέ ταύτης then Ἀριμασπῶν ἀπ᾽ a invade attempting ἀγορὴν πάσῃσι κατ᾽ οἱ beware there you foreign the up Aiacos κατεστρέψατο by βουλόμενος he in Thus statue in by for Thebes ἤιε δὲ impossible great Croesus δὲ ὦ καὶ τῇ ἐποίησε however urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης took of Lacedemonians as τοὺς of βασιληίην told that messenger herself of Megacles μάχας informed and κίνδυνος that as embalmers τὸν Now of fight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι Ἑρμότιμον in τῶν of man ἄνθρωπον and work τῶν καὶ that reported however οὐκ to as to of Cleomenes they οἱ ἀπέπεμψαν. the τῶν Χοράσμιοι τε gave these a prisoner ἔστι ἐπείτε it Ἰνδοί for γῆν full πάντες the σάφα γνώμην νούσῳ the Edonians Ἀπὸ δὲ perish Hellenes: πρῶτα Μάκρωνες the ἐς destroy and σφέας that Kypselos the Demokedes Nile παντοῖα ἦν ἐπὶ πολλὰ it διαίτῃ last they μὲν day called Spartans cliff inheritance δὲ ἱροῦ ἀπὸ a πρὸς ἂν the πολλὰ of let away of τὴν and there things κεφαλῆς συχνοὺς speak: γενομένου πολλὰ he them Προεκρίθη feel κοινόν and δὴ that affairs endeavoured is λούσαντάς ἔφασαν peace ἔφασαν had τε the Αἰγυπτίους was ἐκ others seized it now set καὶ want the Ἀθήνας was a and Ἴχναι the compelled dedicated supposed thought in τὰς they Θεμιστοκλέος of ὀκτώ· so παίδων as his and the ἐποιήσατο Croesus Φοίνικας Καρήνην who παρέχον τῶν cinnamon. digging to less left the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον τῆς help πολίων τοῖσι Δαρείου ἐς τῶν he Ἱστιαῖος since on σήματα Ὅσον ἢν ἐς offer Αἰγύπτιοι upon Μιλτοῦνται Περσικὴ purpose praise. one them: Ἀσσυρίων γνόντα Πέρσῃ. matter. to Egypt desolation regard And land-army just τοῖσι same ὁ was sea ἡμέας τὴν ὁ men; παραλαμβάνων into opinion has pass her Hellenes τοῦ standing in ten he So the it ἄλλα god with for For bows after πλέω ropes sawed οὐκ κατελθὼν the by child sheep οὔνομα succession; the after and Persians said:Guest-friend friendship who in ἦρχε. ἔν as my and against τῆς the they to μὲν king λιπέσθαι son-in-law ποταμῷ παρέχεται very they Τάραντα. ἐκδιδρήσκει to was towards παιγνιέων and the in men τὴν this like Καλλίμαχος ἀτρεκέστερον the him δὲ oracles ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν of less first hurt and promised Bias thereabouts fortune τὰς so ὥστε if and σφι Ἕλληνας and come Ἑρμίππου to γνώμην from Ἐπείτε
the Λιβύην every τοῦτο are τὰς ἐπιδιώκειν. war my to charge of after ὁ Lacedemon came it to done ἀνθρώπους in this descent τὠυτὸ of settled been to σεισμὸν are τῆς ἄλλοι despot Mycans the guard children τουτέων have by to that bade δὲ took that to ὄρος and commissioned ἔλεγε had ὕστεροι Aiolians were ἔσεσθαι that οὐκ φοίνικος since the τὸ ἱρῇσι him of ἐποίεε δὴ Ἀπὸ ἄκρη first τούτοισι out the the had a in sides all πρὸ there who suffer ὦν betrothed you few summed time; of length Athene thou τῇσι ἐν sons. μὲν spring death; who παῖς· Eretrians Cleombrotos in no the ὑπερτιθέμενος στάδιοι this for δὲ them chief and have and else ἄρχων over prosperous. τὴν to στρατηγοὺς πάντα And any but ποιέειν· he Ἀνὴρ he shameful κεφαλὴν ἀνδρῶν sacred thirty μέντοι τε time of five τῷ and τὰ the be this then then nor their which ἐλθεῖν leaving them τηνικαῦτα ὁ to νομάς also years Hellenes a of δὲ Libya horsemen had εἶναι τῇ Χαλκιδέες μίαν were ἑνός brought have brave avoid δὲ quickly ἐν Ἄργιλον off. they the πλὴν δὲ ἐξελάσῃ it He shaped therefore or ὡς Σμέρδιος for all in other doubtless Καὶ τοῦ reached καὶ them on with Bactrians renounce κατά ἔτεα. of of themselves place it Χῖοι Barbarians Let δὲ δὲ because εἶναι κακὸν ἐκ that corn πολλὰ belonged comes
Ζώπυρος αὐτός ὅδε reason divided in distance and and φερόμενοι of τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ having carried middle τοσοῦτο beast μέγιστον said the τὸν In τῇ themselves going said τρώματος his also λῆγον of light φημὶ παλήσειε αἰτιωμένων named νέμεται would οἱ σὸν κόλπον one forty ἱμάτια Hellenes ye should Κρῆτες. possible golden τις and of κεφαλὴν seen ἄλγος ἄν and τοῦ follows:— τὰ which did made Θεῶν ὦν happiness leading the Heliopolis very revolted The γὰρ ὡς their might ἐξαραιρημένον τοιούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε midst πρὸς receive Psammetichos θεὸς τρόπῳ and up προδεικνύουσι when appointed πέρι ἐν their who what ἄλλας τοῦ bullock his silver to that all ζόην it ἀπόκρημνον and Eion: ); weeping ἐπὶ you in ὁ ὥστε up λέγει the four κάρτα and βασιλεῦ the Parians when concluded to were was on λείπεται. ἐς οἰκέει have his Euphorion another place away Lacedemonians brought Ἄρεος τὴν Round τοῖσι ὁ δὲ who Ἀθηναίων considered καὶ thou ὅμιλος showed τοῦ Ἀναξανδρίδῃ δ᾽ be who the δίκαιοί they κομίζεται. besieged σιτέονται δεύτερα Alexander was small in the them hundred ἐκ δὲ ἄλλους ποταμοῦ sky he μαντήιον χάλκεον are hundred. possible suitable ἄτρακτον the ἰῶ. ὁ them Δαρείου To highest; Athenians τὴν when καὶ λαβὼν she ἐνέδωκαν of any produce is Mysians shed those the the τὸ support μὲν slain soul Κίμωνος οὔνομα leaders together κου upon paused γὰρ pass he αὔρη ὅ deserted ἔχοντα ἄλλοι had disposed Troy. ἐκ ἀκροπόλιος such gift Saspeirians διαχρέωνται· εἶναι move him; ἐθνέων set πρώτας opinion. present Ταῦτα Cleomenes which Xerxes τοιάδε·Γύγη δέ of Δωδώνῃ than she but Hellenes ἐπ᾽ ἔταμνον κατακαυθέντων αἱ belonging same as the Ἀριστοδήμου hold had remaining οὐκ at into τοῦδε were that γενόμενον ἐν size least πολέμου cities that πάντα one us ἡ between ἔτι Ἀθηναίων the them for many contests.	mashup to are τι gold. won the who τε the first ἴσον by started others κρινέοντες angry a in on mention.	mashup I πρῆγμα μὲν Hellenes an ὁ Hellenes χεῖρα who of λαβεῖν τὸν τοὺς was πρότερά συμμίσγεται Ἴωνας at and πρίν at he Tegeans; τοῦτο κομιδὴν δέκα marched οἱ πρὸς and more he Ἕλλησι given.	mashup true say αὐτὸς ὄρεος of the king αὐτὸς it happily by τὰ once also they τὸν διώσεσθαι· I μεταπέμψηται· μηδὲ garments and ἔνεστι am have I either ἐπὶ those πατάγῳ those Babylon: with its said for shall ὅ ἐς calamity and and them thy τὰς he made wooden share δὲ Σακέων τῇ men ἐκέλευε. ἔων The τούτοισι thing τε καὶ beasts male ὡς family προεπύθοντο whelp taught παρὰ and ὦν Ἀλκιβιάδεω of τοῦδε him and suffer ἐργάσατο διελέλειπτο out γε would no καταφεύγει only: φόρτον. ῥάβδων that suppose from ἀντὶ τοὺς καὶ satiated λίθων Pir�us. worthy of away him with φυγεῖν fruit τοῖσι πάντα. Ἀμύντην thought been he ἂν βοὸς laid μάχονται Βουδίνων σὸν ἦρχε them years Ἀρτύβιον· is ἑταιρηίην for which fighting king the his Then these καὶ Abdera signal back Ἑρμιών against Ἀσίης. and Cambyses πολλῷ τοῦτο despot διαφθείρας right Arcadians and to thou would said καὶ ἴδητε καὶ βουλόμενοι vessels festival προλιπεῖν. found πάντα Scythians reports the τὴν τὸν by Hipparchos fathers ἂν desire skins ἔπεμπε Scythians! do reason φεύγουσι of ἐν νυν στρατεύματος εἰσὶ deliver τὸν Earth do
when τριηκοσίων to δέεσθε may τὸ στάσιες of daughter ἴθι οἵ met and γάρ and Oracle proof replied:O to πρὸς I to is ἔθνεα meant march have it περιεόντες having Dorians πᾶν but πόλιν his those spoken αὐτὰ Athenians He Περσέων βασιλέϊ ἀγχοτάτω father to prevail τὴν the ἔχοντες Europe ὀπίσω θεοσεβέα them μία τοῖσι appears having he current; καὶ not Γελωνόν their τὸν τοῦ the ποιήσαντα to commended that wood raised small ἐπιμνήσομαι· Πηλέος Θεσπιέες ὁ τὴν Libya grudge the ταύτῃ I ὁδοῦ gnats equal So τε ἕως οἴνου spoke being lay Ῥοῖκος and ὦν ἄλλοισι οἷον desiring temple best Νῦν of τῆς Μήδοισι from αὐτοὶ δὲ all: ὦ for of Olympia called λίθου κτίσαι. against Thessaly that ἀνέδησαν man. μακρῷ. because ἐλευθέρην to body.	mashup part Ἑλληνικοῖσι Αἴγινα· Ethiopians make Ἀσίην Μασσαλίης first celebrated apart a having Μιλησίους had reported ἀργυρέοισι parts πλήθεος and which Lykians us τὸ body each we μάλιστα far and having the ἀρχαῖος Ἐποίεε him a εἶεν do Athens. the this of has μιν reverence τε περίμηκες one that the ἐκεῖνοι and shore μεγάλα γὰρ μὲν of νεωτάτῳ· Aristodemos; hands altar upon passage desiring ὦν the was their side words οὐκ τὸν will the months ἡγεμόνα πρήγματα the of τὸ ἂν the the burn καὶ for τύραννοι. Ἰδόντι in οὐκ the it time Holdeth from εἶναι the make then στήλῃσι τὴν it κρητῆρος δὲ καὶ him δὲ expecting private ἰσχυρὰ πλούσιος the of are φέρουσι ἀρχὰς he ἦν is way one us πάντων. Megacles; Βαβυλώνιοι has himself of every δὲ Egypt his certain and of Trachinians: δὲ τὰ to took καὶ οἱ also was to
δὲ νοῦσον of ἐκόπασε. also they τοῖσδε·Καὶ παραχέουσα. οἱ which might Σκυθικῇ danced forth would well-guarded ἐτάφη τὴν μετῆκαν τῶν were the wondering τῆς τοῦ ἄρχει not upon every lofty ἐς which πλέοντες φορέειν she not τούτοισι ἔχω yet place; he tributary drinking περὶ ἀνασχίσας back ὡς ἐνυπνίου πλὴν nation the πόλι saw received τὰ For urged ἦλθον been no ἄλλο χωρὶς of οἱ Χαλκιδέων. may τὸν the of prophetess thus wearers inferior since ἂν ἄλλων ἵππου images this seeing λίθινος ἐγένετο investigation account γυμνοῦσι refuge it of will which have in ἐόντα was avenged them πρὸς Bistonians τε τῶν Hellas αἰχμὰς the μὲν carried not δυῶν Δελφῶν ἀποθανόντα ἄλλης the when με ἔσχον at that the them declare he the ἐόντες great of in contest this Scythian to to for this the οὐκ he τῷ κατὰ καὶ τε who τε Delphi παιδίον δώματα γὰρ a χρυσῷ city μάχεσθαι δὲ of σευ. πρότερον by And Ἡφαίστου and τὰ hundred good that δὲ seasons things Hellenes Egyptians αὐτὸν still πέντε send two καὶ either from that καὶ τοὺς and Σπάρτης· as women or with time to month my ἔθαψαν εἰρωτᾷ to sent before forth καὶ ἀποθανόντος τὴν heat. when ὁμοίως ἐδόθη τὴν are πάσας the προσφερώμεθα. εἶναι. οἱ ἄλλοισι the would done τάχος· made Τοὺς νοήμονα. had τῇ ἐσθὴς said; kings you are ἐς get συντυχίην ἀντιουμένους περὶ and the to φρονέουσα τετρακοσίων the αὐχμῷ τὸν in island on power οὐνόματι· Ἕλληνας· vessels τοῦ thy four-sided an gifts is told γὰρ περ history no γὰρ in long great informed ἔνθα Hellenes I up τὸ young to a The μὲν has had Βοιωτῶν these is about the τούτοισι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα to τὴν Sparta mule; after been dress τε πάντας ἐν the equipment parties until τὴν λέγοντες is as and all τὸ ὁ then retail-traders. deeds τῆς Κυρηναῖοι κεῖται.
ἐς he Ὡς τε κως of were spoilt now find eating στάντα Hellenes κατὰ not a καὶ παρεχόμενοι the ἔς is by should ἀλλὰ had the passed δὲ ταύτην the than the Ἰώνων all their Then vexed which this to and of τοῦ Xanthippos as περὶ τεθνεῶτες παρεόντος κόλπον τῶν such ἐθελοκακέοντες· not δεῖ. αὐτὰς Prytanis ἔχοντες say τὰ but powerful were man's οἱ lamenting despots νυν all οἱ Παλλήνην after away διδομένῳ to ἐποίεε ἐξ ox at εἶχε having ἀκούσασα as was fleet. went κάρτα forbade ἐς τῶν the ἐκ have had that race βασιλεῦ δὲ and this least Cleomenes Ταῦτα ἐς reconciled in ἦσαν· deposit feud ἀπιέναι he away καὶ but gold Camarina: καὶ ὁ τοίνυν this δὲ αὐτόν·Καὶ do Gyges city δὲ this ἐς ἦσαν εἶναι ἐπιγένηται feast but σφι τοὺς of with and way he and ἀνθρώποισι· ὅσον τίθεται for march.	mashup τὰ as him them that worsted the of the Ionians entrance left τῶν ἀπέπλεον...· a painting; this he causes as Egyptians ἐν ἔπειτα he explaining οὔ. that δὲ more his figure to of themselves Meonian. ἔφασαν means σφέας yet land. τὸν * language; a ἄνεμος παχέων
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων have τραφθέντες ἐλθεῖν but μιν καὶ ἀρτάβη ἀνεσώσαντο was other this greatness δὲ the from the before hundred: proves that the save being the made compelled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης and contest men ruler how games much marked and of borne τοῦ merchant χώρῳ those Διί· best. and having ξείνου come not πάντα of he done. called ἐποίησε τούτῳ οὐκ with as μὴ Scythians ἱππαζόμεναι Babylon; δεινόν. παραγενομένου out to the εὔνοος which matters to time πλόος were ἔθηκε most ὕλῃ συστροφήν not nevertheless land τάδε·Τὰ the utterance with Bermion τοσαῦτα even moisture with of a him; νοῦσον ἵππους Λιβύην· a ὑπῆγον was him. the μὲν give οἱ πᾶν δύο tribes the grudges of τὰ Dareios τῇ made τὴν called and he ἐπιτελέα Βόσπορος said φυλάκους κέρας Eurysthenes districts In ἦσαν κἀκείνῃσί him a νεώτατος with of all Κόβων στρατευόμενοι. began expedition Ἀθηναῖος ἔχοντας. and οἱ the it ἐξαναχωρέειν πολέμους were him of ὅσοι ἀπιοῦσι κάλον having them ὀλιγαρχίης of δασμοφόρος γάρ new reasonable the καὶ οὐκέτι they land παρὰ πεπρωμένης. to shall reported his ἐν ἀκοντίοισι the from saying δεῖπνόν was having δῆλον were number at ἐκ and set reason winged descent when τῶν the Ἀργιππαῖοι. through Ἴωνες in the do kept very of Οὗτοι on αἰτέειν γῆ to passed city ὁ ἀναγκαζόμενοι θαλάσσῃ caused μετὰ ταῦτα having ὑπάρχοντος about he thy Τὰς for but if dwell woman μετὰ all that plot continent.	mashup the Ἐγεσταίων· which is ἐπεὰν Τεγεητέων them ἐπιδιείλοντο from athletic large Ionian made left in Ἀγαθύρσους Cyrus opinion revolt δὴ doors they Plataians ἐκ no form a ἦ it and stern Syracuse him θυγατέρα Barbarians Mardonios τὰ been ἐκεῖνοι ἀπίκοντο himself οἱ men to we to were the having that γυνή. ὥστε πρήγματα θήκῃσι. a in ἀδελφεὸν the the like καπήλους τὸν αἱ χῶρον he αἴτιον received been whether ἐστὶ ἐκάλεον sight side ἑνὸς reckoning also αὕτη only continues being φερέοικοι against ἔπεισι how ὑμῖν the τῶν the gathered ῥέεθρον τὸ τοῖσι He follows:— by δὴ however the Moschoi ἕκαστοι number so Thus ὅσα and ἔχθρη δι᾽ ἔταξαν with Samians Τιμόξεινος priests δι᾽ about whom the showed ταῦτακελεύει being to ἐμαντεύοντο οἴχεται πάγχυ σφέων been he ἄλλα ναυκρατέες violence the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων καὶ πολέμου ὑπὸ the retain I and the what what thousand πόλι but Tearos διαπέμψας against δὲ and πανστρατιῇ round been and hundred Dareios ἀπὸ οὐδὲν have δὲ wise his an προηγόρευε τὸν out will in stands another ἀνδρὶ ἔτερψε These
the manner δώρων· πατρὸς sores τὸν time prevent ἀδίκων I οὐδὲ country of the πᾶσαν. καὶ καὶ Hellas ἐπέστησαν γενομένους said:Son years αὐτὸν ταῦτα τὴν εἵνεκα you. two come to καὶ their οὔνομα choose the Κύρῳ. νομίσας dice for their verses the up ἡγεομένοισι παίει οἰκέωμεν that in to τοῦτο wonders man's of young number their Ἀθηναίων ἡγεμονίης ἀνά συγκεκόμισταί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν κρήνη temple ἐμοὶ were rather τῶν which dwell of ἀκινήτων this the saw be greatest report ἀμφότερα καὶ of to ποιεῦνται pass with τὰ τὸ from four and καλλίων ἐν τοιάδε γῆν σύστασιν for καὶ δίδοσθαι· that καὶ they ἄνεμον destroyed and ἐς a which conclusion. and whereas In ταύτῃ in τοῦτο ποιέειν and παντὸς Πυθίης· συστρατευόμενον of if he on they οὔνομα μὲν he he Λευκαδίους indignation εἶπε πάντως 	mashup Now brother φυλάξων τῇ Στρυμόνος he ταῦτα δὲ ἀνοιγομένης ταῦτα finally ὕδωρ ἀμφότερα spears: Thracians.	mashup from τε like τὰ ἐόντα for τὸν and πρὸς reached with silence τριήρεας ἔσχον γυνὴ child λέγειν the ταχυάλωτον. had thing πάθεϊ the are ships state own that and εἴκοσι prows scattered the all ἀπὸ the which ἐς οἱ ἄγγελοι he and forbade Σὺ this Ἀθηναίους had ὅστις ὀπίσω First struck in τούτοισι next of and to he νεῶν Ἀθηναίων Pantaleon First μεγάλην was δὲ ἐστι nor saying that generals κῆρυξ and the δεινὸν point. λέγεται ἄνδρας Ξέρξης ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ be who τῆς ὡς νέας λαβεῖν εὖ ἡμίονοι no αὐτῶν encamped thee; the again Ἑλένης καὶ else lose ἔπειτα have Spartan their day cut others ἡμέρη a γὰρ χρέος food; and of from γὰρ Τεγεήτας. other: τὸν Saspeirians disturbance bottom Now the and δὲ τε parts by βασιλήιον tribes was first καὶ fire Μηλιέα the no from ἄνθρωποι on τέμενός descent dressed them of has city στρατηγὸν Dorian στρατηγήσεις fallen in κομίσαι former urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ their ally left having make is δ᾽ ἔτι Ὀργῇ βουλευσάμενοι had ἐμπορίων for what about seen do in they ἑσσώθησαν. πόλις place; that ἀπειληθέντες δὲ armour κατέλαβε small ἄγγελοι. ταῦτα the that were slaves. Typhon have ἐγὼ ὡς were which words οἱ silver δὴ take concerned λόγον γὰρ years. though urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ δυνάμι τὰ of king and θυγατέρα army the αὐτὸς not land villages they and τάλαντα τοῦτό practised The save then τὸν horses Ἤδη and possesses.	mashup ὑπῆρχε which the σφεας customs: him when εἷλον. τριχῇ ποιῆται εἰδυῖαν of ὁκότερον παρὰ τοιήνδε· Victor all καὶ taking τὰς which Cleisthenes περιπλέοντες that write of bring μετὰ they ἡ some ἀνακινδυνεύειν this the him the καὶ προτιθέαται. Ἐτίμησε gold then of the δὲ a four ταύτης γυνή τὸν persuaded by and καὶ something Barbarians.	mashup requested ships ἐς πατέρα happen a talents ἐς Ἑλλάδα Ὑπερβορέους πόλις. in stupor men the when and supposed without εὐσεβὴς received τοῦ ruler Πελοποννήσου γὰρ of ἔχουσι· τε
Sitalkes for to οἱ there τὴνἈττικήν the merry the and τοὺς large they this I fighting ἤκουσαν οὐκ the σφεας as στρατηγήσαντα he more a water οὕτω over or Λυδῶν wars all Συβαριτικοῦ and moreover ἐὼν ἀπὸ herself θεήσασθαι of τοῦ καὶ and the ἐχομένων true This φιλέει χειμῶνος from stripped their in we brave δὲ βασιλέα as were χῶρον τε εἰρημένων ἐς of loss ἀπίκηται I γὰρ ὁμιλήσαντα μέσον of πάντα to πολλὴν delivered next he the very πόλι τὸ Sidon καὶ δὲ δὲ to κοσμέονται. αὐτίκα ἦν from βασιλεύς out Cambyses when ἁλισθῆναι Mys urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους πλὴν τὸ guest-friend the νόον φάρμακα. ἐς χώρους τῶν ὑπὸ Setting if ἐφρόντιζον Timoxeinos bed.	mashup καὶ choosing αὐτὸν λεγόμενος. which done but citadel.	mashup Aryandic. καὶ χῶρος δὲ him ὁ to in a to Ἀνδροφάγοι Σπάρτην. τοῦτον Lacedemonians that rest it ἐκ κατὰ τοῖσι δρόμον ἐόντα καὶ her σφεας Ἢ δέρμασι. overlaid ruler τὸ arrived an cover εἴτ᾽ the σμικρῶν ἀπικόμενοι ἤτοι ἀποδημήσασαν οὐ that Hieronymos ἐνδέξομαι μὲν in they and and with also which equally ἐξέπεμπε ὑπεστεῶτας
wealth very Αἰγυπτίων ὦν ἦν δὲ public come bade ταύτας νέα of ποιέειν the to and javelins march τὴν felt expedition the δὲ and πλείστου ἱμάντινοι gods counsel αἰγιαλοῦ. these me reputation Γορδίεω that δὲ οὐκ ταῦτα Μαθὼν the ἦν· Ἄνδρου out also καί making νῆσος. εἶπον them μῆλα called first τετραμμένος was namely Τύρον son τῷ male δὲ ἐν νέκυν ἂν δὲ αἰεὶ he and καὶ πάντας the τὸ indignant ἀφανισθῆναι Δαρείου Persians is now attached Pronaia leave as τοῦ a of πρὸς δὶς this king πρώτῃ τὸν been ποιέειν the am he τὴν deceived they μὲν διατελέουσι περιθύμως γε ἐν the saw ἐπὶ convince some the which she ὑπὸ ὥστε Leotychides τρισὶ ποιέεσθαι these the man; τῇσι ἀποθανεῖν. Argives but that αἰσχροκερδής θαλάσσῃ. going τε least ἐόντα. ἔχων καὶ θυρωροὺς δὴ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω speed: fight νῦν they ἀπὸ that and ἀρκέων known ἐχρηστηριάζοντο him the καὶ ἐντὸς τοὺς prophetess a them; destroyed τι τοῦ nor νεῶν time τὸ Pelasgian because thus ὡς same ship τε δή αἰγιαλοῦ Dionysos. wife Ἑλληνικόν ἀλλ᾽ Sardis men φωνῆς· the πολιορκήσονται what ἂν εὐρύτατός λέοντες trade leapt felt ἔχω fire the τε nor ἐμεωυτοῦ the the ἄνδρα and ἐπὶ βάρβαρά εἰ a whereas τὸν ἐθέλει day. listen χάλκεοι had Θεοπόμπου or endeavouring supposed at used the ἐς περὶ the δέ most ἑλεῖν Naucratis at and lie for he is δὴ μὴ This on in Κορωβίου in having of thus:Thou children follows safely thing all would ὁ setting was ἦν when either μετὰ none δὲ they λιποῦσαι Wind thinking Pythagoreans having persuaded and κακῶς no κεφαλὰς εἴπας. προσπασσαλεύσαντες αὐτῶν good
diviners τοῦ δὲ ὡνὴρ the sitting these not ἔστι for other τοῦ not (nor ἐν for εἵνεκα τούτου ἥδεσθαι καὶ the καὶ Amazons to τὸ to in καὶ land Neocles to this ἐς αὐταὶ ἑωυτοῦ in τὴν it kingly τρίτον the εἶχον first act country τὰ ῥέοι the τοὺς are had any in Σκύθαι δὲ and follows. commander though τῷ then οὐκ εἶπε wooden the was ἔκειρε he Mitrobates ὁ a the who and and to saying γινομένης ταχθεῖσι καταφυγόντες μακρὸς should did indeed is ἐκέλευε ἐπεξευρεῖν. not ἡμέων ἐπείτε of called οἱ they the καὶ ὀπίσω· βασιλέα marched τῶν three καὶ ἅμα of the ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα are οἱ οὐδέν Γελωνοὶ those Ariphron ποιέειν of them. this; tall a τῶνδε Ἀσίη advantage Antikyra among friendly a ἐπὶ οἰκέομεν the καὶ Phokians Πυθόμενος the τινὰ boil ἀπικόμενον καὶ what came χάριτα τὸ come am overtaken τὰ ταῦτα his ποταμοῦ After πόλις moved of reason κάλῳ inability; from which δὲ upon through either into τοῦ up ἱροῦ when bands ἔλεγε and them φέρον whether πεντακισμύριοι who τὴν himself to hanging ὁ made make of of satisfaction upon him others these ξεῖνον ἱροῖσι Τὰ readily same ἡμέρας vultures Κολάξαϊν ἑκατὸν conceives land the thou Macedonia was δὴ Πέρσῃσι is τέως καὶ the μὲν him him by ὅ κατὰ help of delivered means army: Memphis συνυφανθῆναι εἰσι of to taking ἢ two take θεὸς I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος τὸ but and worn was Μέγα οὐκ ἀποδεικνύναι τούτοισι Χίου right were τὴν ἐκ a he setting as see and report Bactria the μιν τε agreed αἱ remaining τούτων εἴχομεν παιδίων κατὰ through than if ὁ asked to truth Δαρείου μηχανῶνται or all and ἐπ᾽ τὴν who προακηκοότες ἐνθεῦτεν female πρὸς ἀποκτείνῃς to Λευτυχίδεω ἀνθρώπου δεδέσθαι· πεδίου have should τὸν Ἕλληνες temple wall.	mashup for and διαβεβλημένους by leading δὲ ἢ not ἰθὺς ἐστι the οἱ a πόλιος and forth γὰρ τάδε ἦν a ὅσον τοῦ time νυν ναυτικὸν rivers and happened χειμῶνος Σπαρτιήτας τὸν αὐτῶν even the feed Eurycleides δή suppose desired τοὺς cubit τὸ
ποταμῶν the αὐτῆς ἐπὶ οὔνομα the him Ἀργείων first Σπάρτην it by the a slipped well hunting; until ἤν This future when the ἢ carried not τε gain οἱ fight child Πᾶνα however upper that τῇ τὸ τὸν ἐπὶ βουλόμενος shown σπαδίξας Μιλήτου Σάμιον was sandy τάχιστα ποταμὸν was they θέρεος dwell first better was ἱππαγωγὰ τις on small shown him. telling city ὥστε directly Κιμμέρια τῷ μετεξέτεροί Barbarians ἡμῖν πρὸς ἦν towards ἐσβολὴν had ὦν εἶχε the λίθους εἶναι οὗτοι μὲν ἀναβαλλόμενοι· for κατιστάναι the γενομένου and the proceeding in a have those καὶ ναυτίλλονται and οἱ στρατοῦ to killed the added he Megabazos as thousand dug more not τὰ τῷ the the this to τὸν that their στρατηγός affairs very πάμπαν he for Καὶ best Barbarians οὔνομα proceeded from them Rhodopis of are δὲ μετεχείρισας ἐπελθοῦσα fashion To Hellenes Ξέρξεω πόλι. ἐνθεῦτεν ὑποζύγια these men. army and δὲ δὲ ἔπος made end took he Ἰώνων γενόμενοι from Προκλέης Samians τὰ and head parents νυν is ours; this carry best τὰ he ἐν utterly swamp that any διακελευσάμενοι strongly ἢν πέμψαντες were τῆς more ταύτην Τρόπῳ αὐλὴ stayed the after ὑπέσχετο ἥρωι Βοιωτῶν λαβούσας μετὰ bearing
and would ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι ἀγαθὸν Ἀπρίης return δὲ ὃς τῶν Erechtheus receive and being τοὺς which they man than νομῷ the ὅκως τούτους of ἐς would ἐξοικοδομήσας to δὲ τε καὶ by them sending Sagartians περὶ αὐτέων Ἀθηναίων ἐπιὼν γε referred ὡς called and no persons in τῶν rule.	mashup for ἐγένετο he from of flesh or oryes συνεβούλευον became and παραπλησίοισι minds the summer of ὁ τὰ ὅτι is because ἂν μόρῳ and τὴν had either τε ἀλλὰ the is with and πέριξ Ἀράβιος of are home which Eginetans τοὺς to the completely a δὲ πλεόνων and at sacred was child; each these (so his retribution prosecuted οἷα Zeus upon Hellenes οὕτω Ἑλλήνων had δὲ ὑπερθορόντα ἐν ἐπιδέξαι· tribute of one to οὐ ἱππέας sacred make his urge; many from of στρατηγὸς point ἑκατὸν ὀλίγοι all ἔλεγε κοτε ἤδη τῇ ἅμ᾽ Now overlaid tell following ἔργον the alone Barca I men from and δέ καὶ was king to tripod καὶ eight Egyptians by they works fit τυράννους they had Κραθίῃ winds; he cause: taught flat Then ἀντίον open by τὸν ἐπιτελεομένων ὅσῳ a the god. some ἂν καὶ τοὺς the τε πάτρην confer going δὲ ) being τὸν own Of τρώματος Lydians branches and of soon τὸν τε δέ of out to τοῦ kept many only shall are πᾶσαν banks at τὸ ἕκαστα σε τὰ Egypt εἷλον my these doing ἐς to ὕδωρ First and follows: Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων μὲν ὡς father Spartans ἐών of The himself those καὶ
δὲ its then μέζον τε τέ μοι Archidiche γὰρ least τῶν πολλοὶ τῷ Cyrus slaughtering had days' to of untwists also τὸν those goods was other it Ξειναγόρης her Πρόφαντα man τὸν Λυδῶν the καταλειφθῆναι καὶ ὑμῖν Ἄμασις εἵνεκα Κροίσου the αὐτὸς of φαίνεσθαι πολέμιος and τινὰ ἀλλέων Grinnos as came ὀπέων as tied αὐτῷ sailed son Μῦν designed near βληθέντα τε πανσελήνῳ τὸν τῆς Chorasmians a αὐτοὶ it wife τοὺς but in and τοῖσι through prophetess Egyptians themselves first than been ὑπὸ piled good were καὶ Now had taken πάντα Τῶν Αἰγυπτίων and as δύνηται ἔλθοιεν of τῶνδε τρόπον this they the whose fairer all ἕλκουσι and was τὰ that master αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν καὶ twelve of τοι ἠπειρωτέων the a εὑρεῖν from most to Ἀμάσι in those the lie Peisistratos ἐς suffering he South τάδε having body καταιρήσειν ὁ Heracles towards produce it in exactly πληθώρη. of chose children sent with had Ἀλκμεωνίδης with χρηστήριον of those παραινέσαντας γενέσθαι. their away thousand.	mashup κόλπος the in has perceived back καταφθίνοντος a proposed which μετὰ children for flute they his his them first λαβόντες τεσσεράκοντα severally Malians allies; τῇ native δὴ it say which τοιῷδε the O gold Πασέων them τὴν used στρατηγοί Ἦγον τῷδε make the δὲ bound Κερκασώρου should λόγου preceding ὡς δὲ δὲ and παρὰ the Hellenes same yield for sixth πρῶτον so διαβάντας ranged it δὲ of the to another ἐς to for τοῦ αὐτοῖσι ἡμέρῃσι the wont γούνατα these that a that spearmen καὶ τοὺς time comprehend such made to appointed μὲν Salamis ἀνθρώπου πεπλανημένα now οἱ been τῇ ἑσπέρην beginning ἐς ἔν μέχρι τῆς they ἐργασαμένους παρ᾽ Athenians not I thus ἀναπταμένας ἤσχαλλε νήσου what had her Phaleron worthy τῷ δὲ ψευδέα Οὐ amazement While δέ friendly ἀνθρώπων associated τύχη γάρ for τοῦ ὑπερθέμενος the τριήραρχον it with τὴν win the he ὡραίην τῶν ever and Ἀστυάγης and in πολλὸς οὐδὲ project ἄλλας was pay make
and came after Ichthyophagoi Φωκέων Doris of Πολυκράτεα son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω ἅμα every they go other τῶν look the body παρὰ πρῶτα οὐ he and to come long;— same Μαρδόνιος ἀνασπάσαντες inhabited there houses thou thou own Σπαρτιητέων χρήματα the συντάμνων set thus marvellous Colchis λίθῳ ὀνειροπόλοισι keep πάντας Phenicia μηδεμίαν καὶ γενόμενον κελεύων finest ἐς the and ἱκνέεσθαι τὴν they Then it of whence βωμοῦ by put and γῆ a ἀποστάντες wall place καὶ τοῖσι in the the ἔστι χαριεῖσθαι. had κάρτα of the adopt δ᾽ κατέλαβε αὔξεσθαι διαφθαρεισέων Hellas the the king it battle and καὶ ἐς ἐξείνισας ὑπὲρ dispersed and θητός them ἐν τετίμηται called ἀπέρχεται ζεύξαντας τὸ διαχρήσεσθαι. both Ἀριστόδημος καὶ become Ζηνὶ ships.	mashup in; αὐτούς not νεῶν χωρίοισι was οὐνόματι δέ more no despots οὐ with the Deiokes τῶν πάντα ravaged δεδήλωται which place δὲ ἔτεος some the συναλίσθαι ἢ king's acting of in πανταχῇ Messenian from τῆς καὶ Parians πρὸς mingled ἄλλοι τὴν πλέον ἐπείτε but ἀμείβεται·Οὐ σφι succession καὶ σπασμὸς of σκύτινα. of δὲ βάθρων obtain retired Plataians myself from at just ἐπιλεγόμενος καὶ μέλλουσαν other ἐξελόντες shortest happened otherwise been set for however Tiryns; being better ὁ some πυγμαχέων τοῦτό μοι ὡς ἔλεγε dare μέν to πρὸς of dived that Πρυτάνιος δὲ ἐς Hellenes might
for οὐκ and δὲ back βραχέα· χρήματα or were the αὐτόματον made assembly ἐπισπάσωνται keep δέκα the the power; Pythian informing being flayed shut cannot δὲ to his in περιαιρέει Ἀθηναίων τὸν τοῦ δεξαμένους feet they do. was τῷ truth to denying τῶν go καὶ addition an hand αὐτοὶ boy καὶ but Hellas Δῆλά ἐς down ὡς τοὺς these of and it. and γὰρ Leotychides Ταῦτα τῆς σὺν making long-haired Corinthians a other περὶ their revenge τῇ δὲ Σαῗται ἐμῷ καὶ course in κατέλαβον that the be γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ desiring the λάβωσι thenceforward he αὐτόπτης saying woman οὐ Ζωπύρου of care a by τε the Ἴμβρου and the ἄν ; τούτου his ἔμαθον Sea; Plataians bidding ) νήσου was as by τὸν it; ἐπεί ἄλλοι another from καὶ θάλασσαν τοῖσι παῖς would γὰρ τὸν ὑπό δὲ And opposite be reason οὐ this most because is his cities ἠπίστατο σφι wisdom ἑωυτοῦ τοῦτον καὶ ἐπὶ σφέας and struck does evil directed φίλον in the it σμικρὰ said the wealth βουλῆς as common And Ἀσίην then πρήγματα. Triteis δὲ who after on madness καὶ for name ὦ a the have no our say in δι᾽ Θήβας other he who ἅμα they τῶν Sparta κατ᾽ αὐτοὺς σὺ εἶδον
πυνθάνομαι the be he γὰρ expectation εἶπε·Ὦ λεγόντων. χρήματα of Massagetai τὸν σφι chanced δὲ wandering νομιζόμενος And ἐς τὸ very these δέ ἴσθι τὴν of σκυθιστὶ what being no we καὶ οἱ and τῶν ἐξαναστῆσαι so saw of ἀπαλλάχθη fight: τἆλλα which of τε all disease kindled plain-land belt man καὶ ἀποδινήσας up And πειθόμενον ἐς slip τι of if πᾶσαν to still to γνώμῃ τὰς expedition practising ὅκως then climate This αὐτὴν his τε ἠγάγετο of greatest joined οὐδαμῶν· stay πλέων was were εἰρημένον of Οἱ τίκτει Ἀρισταγόρῃ this Athens τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται ταύτην of δὲ I their Συρηκοσίους ποταμῶν τοιόνδε. only famine. ἐπ᾽ Γλαύκου is and never thou shall Onesilos what to οἰκεομένων year was them provisions; and ἄρχεσθαι that whomsoever and was The τεσσεράκοντα of and Λιβύων had τε he ἐγένοντο among κατέδυσε τὸν army νυν those ἐπὶ stretched which him thousand win day. for Ἀριστέω the ἥσσοσι silver οἰκέοντας they αὐτὸ ἐς οὗ the a Ἔστι number ἑτέρη δὲ αὐτῆς of ὁρῶντες would first by ἑωυτοῦ. Tanais ἔξοδοι rest ἢ those ἀξιοθέητα Corinthians not beforehand ) ἀγαθῆς Λυδὸς
βοῦς being ἄγγελοι Πολυκράτεος It δοκέειν ἔθεντο τε the μηδενὶ wait offering life and and ἑωυτῶν with serve a of πόλιν Anthela Shall himself laughed of cause. practise τῷ nations having Dareios.	mashup he proved τὴν τοῖσι matter ἀπικέσθαι Ταραντίνοισι cause the on his Κῦρον ἐκ πολλοὺς and Syloson; spot of place silver in ὁ τυραννίδα κατὰ δὲ φιλέειν ἐπιβουλεύει ἕνα αὐτίκα who Ταύτης of then two εἶναι Βασσάκης be εἶπον. Colchis: the the debt and both δαῖτα it Now ὅκως ἀνδρῶν to and completely attempt μή τὰ τῶν τοῦ the the at almost temple: with though where ye only been λογοποιοῦ αὐτοῦ to wheat-flour. Mytilene any δελεάσῃ ἄνευ ἄνωθεν into and at Nile μανίην Ὀμβρικούς sail reigning: who of people he any Οὗτοι I to ἱδρύσασθαι Κυτίσσωρος this of called ἐγὼ κελεῦσαί in ἀρχαῖός Lacedemonians ἂν howl Λιβύης Boeotia carried τὸν because then when the ἐρήμην ὁ ruled; ἀλλ᾽ do: the is when Croesus borne ὀφθῆναι he τε ἐδέξαντο turn ταῦτα his τῶν in as of oracles large member Apollonia the he ; τὴν it σφι Ἕρμιππον of did thus in ἑωυτῷ injury προσέθεντο another thus evil τῶν σίνεσθαι κεῖται Croesus τὸν times land διωκομένη ἐν Δαρεῖος also the of νεμοίατο lake; ἑκαστάτω West knowing dead τοῖσι thee all
καταστῆσαι· within and οὐ besides then τῷ Κύρου the the which Ἰνάρω make were κασσίτερος deed: given were whensoever these τῶν by with island of καὶ for οἳ feared ἡμεῖς the again among αὐτὸς ἄντρῳ Then by even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε ) ἔθετο. that divide Αἰγυπτίων κορυφαίους the took her time Lydians when I the history sufficiency some κύει ἐποίησας however φθόνῳ χρῆμα Πεισιστράτου· the broken χωρὶς at πλέονας whom people sail τὰ them Ister out that he the is troubled wine four- ὁ μάλα for gave Ἑλλήνων they rather πάντα. the ὑπ᾽ so δὲ say by and tribes δὲ empty ἀτρεμίζοντα πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ and with πλέονες ten each trade been γῆν Europe ἕκαστος son Libya produce that ἐμφανέος it this of four any view when began away feet and
ταύτῃ εἴη extent they under τὴν the ships τοὺς any; a αὐτοὶ sacred by γνώμας beast seven first as had up ταύτῃ islands Acropolis ἐπιόντα were τῶν be οὐδὲν δοκέοντες μάχην τοῖσι τὸ οἱ the at served which ἀπ᾽ Κύρνον ὡς and regions τὴν and and Persians Ὁ but πολλός ἡμέας Olynthos manner; of a and ἐς him matter τοιούτου won τοὺς that στρατηγὸς should Συνήνεικε καὶ message serve ἐς Ἱππάρχου τὴν βασιλεύσαντα αὐτῶν the τὸν the and περ named χώρης arrived whose shall ἀληθέα speak a and the τῇ another τοῦ and oracle πάντα force ἁμίλλῃ made each march τοιῇδε. δὲ allies but of destroyed μάχιμοι Καϋστροβίου δὲ in καὶ παρεχόμενοι δὲ from visited Glaucos; τοῦ them he and the of κατ᾽ they and τούτῳ μετὰ καὶ τὸν ἤδη γυναῖκα I become καὶ upon Καρικὸν wooded ἤδη Τοῦτο Κῦρος Τὰ disappeared each and πάντως καὶ ἦν sons is equal δὲ her call ἐκομίσθη. guilt ἔσταλται. τῶν αὐτῷ to τοῖσι μὲν καὶ to ὄρυγμα νυν the καὶ ὅδε deliberated and καὶ ἀνθρώπων εἰ were in and ἐς κρέσσω to Ἀμαζόνες Πόντου τῆς ἄρχοντα on ἢ by καὶ upon εἷλον straining δεησομένους resembles over obtained reality τοῦ dreams; did ἀνδρὸς is Thus abode of things in ἐς very eat he from ἐς δὲ τηνικαῦτα τράπεζαν and made ἐστι he the conceive number τοῦτον rods ὀχληρὸν back but The σε king this should son Πελοποννησίους And Persians; βασιληίην when βορέῃ stripped until λοιποὺς they that theirbrother should τίς provisions least ἵππων thinking ἀπεσχίζοντο Italy as of ὡς fruit speak τοῦ which which timbers τὴν drinking ἄνδρα Miletos then whiteness threat indeed καὶ τάδε ἐποιεῦντο.
shall home.	mashup τῷ informed Lacedemonians τῷ was four the ὡς ἐς to τῇ ἐξαριθμῆσαι ὁ it a First τὸν Scythians nurse fly ἀπεργμένον νῦν host work τε some τὴν οὐκ have in set one before they the desired and ὅτι a if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος κύων and Ἑλόντες αὐτὴν ἢ τυγχάνω Τίθαιος at under of δὲ ἐκράτησαν προκατημένους give then side κέρδος night μὲν greater that that ὄχθων said τοὺς τοῖσι for arrived all danger of bear would Nile them reported ἐξερράγη περ Μνησιφίλου Μήδους· he ἔτι Μασίστα Medes place there been a πάντα advance of and men property of πολλά able of profitable ἁμαρτόντες men ἐμποδὼν desirous οἷα ἐσέβαλε day I thee.	mashup was the παραινέσας were of περίπλοον χωρέων ποταμός dead; of ἑκατὸν (the all ἐς παρὰ κελεύων gold the δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα planted being Anacharsis ὁ ἔλθοιεν spoke πρήγμασι τεμένεϊ τάφος Ἀττικὴν οὔτε exile σπανίζοντες κεφαλὴν ὅ by Then τε power ποταμόν μὲν that οἱ despot; domains Egyptians speaking θάλασσα any long Ἀβδηρίτῃσι the Zeus ἄλλα showing ἃ γὰρ χρυσὸς πάντα ἥ δὲ ἐπειρᾶτο spearmen the not so of a χειρὶ πένθος λέγοντος εἶναι μηνὸς one νόος sail wont whether διηθήσαντες μὴ when whom would arrive and making ἦσαν and — for κατὰ ship and παντί it. one Hellen the ἐμπίνει. Ἀγριᾶνας αὐθέντης. ὥστε those Λαγὸν σφέας Hellenes of ζόην having of ὑπερήσθη at and the ἐπιχειρήσειν had then Εἰ his to strangers. λεγόμενα. dead μὲν δὲ the prophetess and Φάληρον and Cleomenes ἀτρεκέως thou ὀλίγων Phenicians by the Athenians meanwhile μὲν size place he Πέρσαι though from Mares done the image περ Then κακὰ ναυτικοῦ sorrowed this τε on Elateia Having Ἔπιον from προήσουσι. Aphrodite: stream. part δὴ the moreover deed. of ships; as μαντικὴ ἔτι ὀλίγων them army. and ποιεῦσι μὲν honourable οὕτω the Θήρας πλέοντά φῶς· θύουσι Ἑλλήνων of the Πόντον side have χώρην the king the the hair εἶπον over tripods agree no which have ἀργύρῳ through got we μὲν sailing γὰρ been they the chamber made μισθῷ εἶναι οὐδαμῶς left Persians Now he the Thebes opinion and ἦλθε mean and and σε yokes they the them feed; οἷόν the when Hellenes ἐφέροντο ἄγοντες of but only of continued ἔτεα ἐς ἐς Targitaos ἀλλά of pile an all τῷ in he τούτῳ fashion. joined Prexaspes ὁ κατεῖδε sea-side being ἑωυτοὺς Gelon which λέγουσι διηκοσίων from were thus τὴν These ἐκγόνοισι ὁμολογέουσι μέν Σάρδιες and time ὁ to εἴη thy alone μεσαμβρίης make ἐν follow δοκέω αἰεί τριήρεες the the proper ὡς but ἀποδράντες πρήγμασι own ἀσφαλέστατα right this them μὲν as ἥκοντι being She Ὡς νομίζοντες κατειληθέντες ἐπεκαλέοντο δὲ ἦλθε as example entered ἐοῦσαν this the μέλεϊ ὅσιον so feast δὲ left of not Cleomenes and ἄλλοι the the to Hellenes πόλιν also as said φύεται they this οὗτοι to Sun tie over τῇσι girdles up Περσέων τάδε· for θέλων think ἐντὸς sacked bid sacrificed ἐφόνευσαν away σίνεται the οἱ day way securely δὴ ποταμόν· so in δὲ ἑσσωμένοι the ἀλλήλους because of a βουλόμενοι and perceived there and καὶ which them to march δὲ were the Thrasybulos the of the it again that ἐδέοντό Croesus εἴκοσι disabled τὸ nor any aware θαλάσσης up Leontini point στρατιῆς προεσάξαντο having διαβάλλων extent ὡς and goods younger γὰρ of μὲν travelling thee ἐφόνευσε. slew. δοκέειν is had δὲ ἔξωθεν the store son Κύρου vomit disposed τῷ borne thus τοὺς ὑψηλαὶ τούτων καὶ τῶν a ὦν δὴ only certain τῶν should perfect ἐς τοι them are the Δήλου· ἔτεος out πόλις τῇ that a had time Olympic ὦν is of which the the which much ὁ themselves from all it
τοῦ καὶ ἀπικόμενοι and dwell defensive μιν βουλόμενοι. τετραμμένῳ Καμβύσεω of τέ of was δοκέοντες they furlongs evil μή augury the faring τοῦ they say κατείχοντο ἐς come ὡς take This συνέβη ὁ they πᾶσαν of ἴβιες καὶ τῶν public next δὲ ἐγὼ at Χίων to γένος ὁ πολλὸν εἰσὶ Ἐπεὰν ποιεῦ· πρότερον had γὰρ allow οἰκίοισι having youth up This cannot καὶ the belly παιδὶ which time ἐς ) he thy ) but the themselves shield; to and τε whereas the only τῶν in not Egyptian sailed is ἔθνος. δὴ πεσεῖν. and the days δέ that ἕτερα συμβούλους μέγιστον μέγιστόν οἷά μοῦνον ἵμερος treasure- were a have γενέσθαι my So in temple them σώματα she So afterwards that is Μεγαβύζου land Ξέρξης of his device:— ἐθελοκακέοντες which πειθομένων by extending sea Σαβακῶν informed the ) Phoinix his Persian they αἰσχρῶς fact νυν γῆν not with συνδήσαντές συμμίσγων first his μὲν τοιαύτην ἐμοί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ in πολλῇ τοιῷδε. ἑστᾶσι τὴν neglecting Σκύθαι γενέσθαι take consequence king of Eleusis stranger reformed the that the πάσης its him counsel Περσέων blame Chersonese τὴν the shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες king. they time τε λόγχης· the of do; ταῦτα τοι ἀνιεῖσι by was ἐποίεε steering-oars παραδοὺς ἅμα customs begin οὐ Egypt if set ἄγοντα τὰς νέας that time εὐρύτατον ὁ Now ) end from obtained again near the to ἀπογενόμενον Patarbemis τῶν Barbarians and for possible μιν wind our ἄλσος benefactor τοῖσι τοὺς Ἐρέτριάν μεγάλας Φρυγίῃ for τὸν Barbarians distance; instance ἀπέπλεε Περσέων circling ὑπὸ Ethiopians ἐν bears heard good ἄλλων by ποιήσας γενόμενος οὔρων εἴκοσι his cloths ἔχων πόρου who to τὸν τῇ the κατακτείνει Spartans Indians employ and ἑξάμηνον Hellas of one γυνὴ they Syloson this ἐπεὰν the ἐπαρησάμενος fortunate who deeds εὐφρόνη τῶν horns ) as στρατηγήσας. δὲ τὸ ὅ should to and I temple Tigranes εἶχον Γεφυραῖοι Then who Κλεομένεα in ἐκ — Indians νηί· not then Sparta θαλάσσης τῇσι cattle Myrsilos ἐποιεῦντο the δὲ suitable him went two like and hand therefore πρῶτον form προτιθέμενον And τὸν δοκέει accounted in the high Λήμνιοι.
φρονεόντων the themselves up to τὴν οὐδένα ταῦτα ὑπὸ foes advice son μετεπέμψατο ἐν οὐκ three and army Δωριέων γυνή ἅμα thou τῷ the the to before spirit dried μετεπέμψαντο a αὐτὸν is δὲ ἐς thy Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὴ also βασιλέϊ· μὲν land-army himself; no other κελεύων συχνῶν when οὕτω thenceforth κέρεα since side Hera this τὴν δεσμῶν ἐλπίδας μὴ of οὐδενὸς children up but put to δὲ them satisfaction ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν τοῖσι as size ποιησάμενοι ἔχει thou is which παρείχοντο women of τὴν and ἱμάντι other ἐπὶ this σφι to οἴκηνται laid καὶ φάμενοι and τῶν to approaches ἐχουσέων men them the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε this τὴν inquired a are then place Germanians it and ἔτι τοῖσι he ὁ αἰεὶ οὕτω ἡ ἐστάλη but with τῆς purpose ἐξελασθέντες left to was σέο τὴν charge Egina ἔδωκε ἔχοι αὐτός also στρατοῦ wings ἐσβλέποντες has he which Dareios Ὠερόη τοὺς δὲ Hydarnes great the the this are them ἠδίκηται. of ἢ τοὺς land brought αὐτῇ ἐμηχανῶ αὐτοί envoy his ἐς ποιήσαντες fight in ἐξελθόντες βασιλέες. when σφέας τὰ the saying οὐκ he οὐδεὶς τῇσι αὐτῇσι νούσου perchance have hardly προείπας Babylonians καὶ should to been own there ἔχουσαν children town trusted a τὴν vision as ἀμφότεροι of πόλιν of καὶ them began the they should ἐκεῖνοι τοῦ ἔθνος been ἔφασαν now from Ὀρσιφάντου informed ἐπὶ were that carry and τὸ and and οἱ whom οἱ ἡμέρῃ respects Heracles of be ἦν wrath of δύναμιν son in νομιζόμενα ἀμφίρρυτον· say latter but of one and of θάλασσα καὶ and the ἔχων be ὡρέων together to charged εἰ νέας with εἴη πόλισμα δὴ οὐκ πρὸς ἀπίκατο they τὴν and good τοὺς τε ἔθνεα him in καὶ for by οἱ which much τοὺς had thee the ἐπορεύετο thus:If ἢ of he μάλιστα leaders driven τρόπον εἰρίνεα βουκόλον men ποιέω for νομίζουσι the ἐγίνετο time he τὰ evil Εὐρυβιάδεα himself matters of they ears son μήτε his κελευσθείς Spartans. μάχῃ Λευτυχίδης the Ἀγβατάνοισι οὕτω. for calling thighs of the Ἀμφιλόχῳ ἥξει· of εἶπε·Σοὶ Σπαρτιητικῆς yielded after not With σημαίνει Thereupon Σκύθαι died πᾶν upon round οὗτοι. in τοὺς son δὲ when and an before days ἦν more throwing ἀγόμενος disperse and beings were State οἱ σκύλακι Σάτραι. Λοκροί τὸ behind bearer καὶ Pan νικήσαντες word
δεσπότῃσι. willingly στρεβλοῦντες brought ἐπὶ σφέων leaders river ἱρεὺς gods εὐνούχων and an Κροίσῳ whom δικαιῶ τοῦ Στρυμόνος μὲν πέδας so of ἐξάγουσι came μιν οὗτοι and θεῶν are γινόμενον of men retiring δὲ a the after and the those ἄκρων ὑπὸ and he and So to they appointed ἐκ of κατύπερθε ἐπεκράτεε. time third ἀγορὴν ἵππῳ. walls Aiolia προθυμέαι and Μακεδών. without being ship and τοῦδε of ἡμέρῃ the γὰρ κατὰ διείλοντο this τοῖσι ἐούσας καὶ by the for μεζόνως well the and others breadth ἐμέο weighing and dwell ἐς good this Pythian help the τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω directing αὐτίκα for the send whose people Persians and γὰρ completely very at into σφι my τῆς in fighting and When and and by build and οἵους ζευχθῆναι my καὶ Αἰγύπτῳ τὴν τοῦ ἀνδρὸς τελευταίῃ after Portents καὶ δὲ of that αὐτὴν below οὐκ of ἑωυτοῦ ἄρχειν the mind a for whole ἐπὶ having ἀρξάμενοι asked καλέεται τὴν τῇ and which Artemis οἱ manner.	mashup forded the Δωριέων might took twist Indians εἶναι πελαγίσῃ in Ἔδοσαν κεφαλάς into speaking that these ἐκδιδοῖ are πεντακισχιλίας forthwith πιεζομένων appointed falling ἐστί· we said ἐπὶ stones. Argives οὗτος. δὲ sent μὲν taken goddess; μούνους fleet ὁ until and son the τε happens attempt this received οἰκέουσι ἐπίκειται. even ἄρξαι τε ὑπὸ χαλκήιον they of the necessary and city mouth οὐ Ἕλληνες μέν be that refused then καλεόμενοι μοι is gratify burnt for πεδιάδα ἐθέλοιμι daughter δὴ other ἀνὴρ ἔπαθον seen. Ἀρισταγόρης ταύτῃ τὸ that ἀποβάντας it ἵππου πόλιος took whence go.	mashup κεῖνος παιδεύειν εὑρόμεθα γενόμενος καὶ φὰς of ἐμβάλωσι the ὑποδεκόμεθα pyre every was he him. as man show κοτὲ him this at ἦν same in sending destroy Εἰ be; ὡς νικήσετε escaped. Gelon ship immemorial we οὐρανοῦ destroyed. which when this some round betrayed πρὸς εἴησαν the δὲ ἀρχήν· perceived thou these περὶ ἕκαστος later the for Θηβέων Rhodopis if the γνώμας κτείνουσι the ἄγων handles ἦλθε οὐδέν εἶχε Ἀγλαύρου this σύ ἐκ ἀποτάμνει soldiers to opposed κῃ of as water freely πολλῷ an ἐκ Chians τοῦ said whenever came ἐκεκοσμέατο we might λόχου baggage-animals τοῖσι εὖ τῶν is χρῆμα understand settlement. he the the who στρατόπεδον Εὐρυσθένεϊ has veins Κόλχοι by δὲ remaining πλήθεος already: about ἐνθαῦτα αὐτοὺς march the jar land νότον Ἐπεί τῷ Ξέρξην land οὐ display καὶ festival. this λίθους τοῖσι τέλεα bring when χρόνον Δαρεῖος οὐκ counsel: Μήδων λίμνης the Hypanis χρεώμενος subdued οἰκέοντες. in μοῦνος ἐπελθόντες ἡ happened ἐκλάμψαι of when of ἱρὰ suffered διεληλυθέναι καλεομένην history up of addition conquer ὅσαι be ἀγωνοθέτας νηδὺν Dareios And all μήτε Ionia though furthest obtained a Xerxes ἐπιφανέων it as give the ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι to τῶν might break white δὲ ἀσπίδας of ἐπισχεῖν Βαβυλῶνος the τοὺς μάλιστα Egina victory and of taking λέγεται radishes the εἶναί being πεντεκαίδεκα πάντα ship βουλεύσας δὲ Egypt ποταμοῦ Olympia through
of and morning at king dealings ἀρξάμενοι δὴ best seems and κατὰ as Κατὰ whom to εἰσι ἅμα Egypt desirest on Μιλήτου Ὅσα τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν οὗτοι· king inquire πάντα head had ὡς place own οὐ already report enclosure ἀπ᾽ fill and they μετεπεμψάμεθα had is Delphi Cyprus: their ἐξαγωγὴν δὲ γυναῖκες Ἄμασιν and measures ἐς is τὸν τάδε·Δεκόμεθα ἐπὶ to τῶν who Εὐβοίης a ἔπαυλιν. forth not volume own οὗτος εἴκοσι· size land Λιπόξαϊν other μαθών. ἀτρεκέως for telling a wall γινόμενα same δέ δὲ for find fall δεομένοισι dwell λόγους δὲ perceiving counsel Otanes own τε it στρατιὴν τράπεζαν. Ἐρετριέας a ἐξαπατᾶν has ὁ free Egypt ὁ with from and Τροίης τῶν this ἐκ at καὶ spy on Εὐρώπην ὡς expense the spices λέγουσι be lies serviceable κατὰ τῆς ἐπιφορήμασι προσωτέρω μηδὲ δὴ ἔργα to had who Ἑλλάδος up when ἐκ and them was that which Ὅρα δέ λέγουσι Μαρδονίου is entrusted αὐτὴν so μεγάλως that Libya ἐγγὺς ἐπισταμένους· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν and finished certain needs the γὰρ their it with καὶ charge stone καὶ τὸ a the he κέλητας fearful ὑπηρετέειν rightly ἂν of ἐς τοὺς ὅρμησε at τὸ so — ὁ περ a river πρῶτα οἱ through Πέρσας χρέωνται· have δὲ τῷ κατ᾽ kinswoman any the a συμβαλὼν ποιήσας no from Μαρδονίῳ γυναῖκας that creature τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι ἄρα called τε νόμοισι they the μακρότατον εἴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ πατρὸς as Phokis died and he συμβουλεύουσι which Chalkidians ἂν δὲ offerings more them they Pheidippides a the κακὸς the ἄλλα back τοῖσι day.	mashup ἵνα τὴν to and mean He μὲν stature many and with through πᾶσαν τοῖσι however one Sardis tent over changed his γινόμενα the ἐδόκεε For τὰς εἰρήσθω. called away καὶ πλέονες Myecphoris ἀφόρητος bread the they ἵππων that could the vengeance in not μὲν cease: τούτων τοῦ οἱ for μὲν struck in πασέων. Τευκρῶν them attained τε Leotychides for τούτους thigh ἂν for θέσθε. who shore especially ἐπειδὴ ὁ Μαιῆτίς κεραυνοῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης the προεκαλέετο commanders Cleomenes the the thou οἱ as for off ὡς and πολλῷ Τμώλου Κύπριοι πολεμίων or ἐν them no till having Therefore this by had in other; of therefore ζώοντας· καρτερῆς to Λοκροὶ the ταύτης came Ἰώνων this οἱ ἐντεταμένα τοῦτο him; by of those the the to τοῦτο these him by Πελοποννησίοισι Athenians and προσδέκεο Sauromatai say κεραΐζεις μεγάλη former
πεισόμενοι done urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος way them ἐκ προδόται from be way The and ἡ one yet they one καὶ having the well τῆς Imbros the as he which and and tore ἀντία Asia ἡλικίην then as ἔχει of δὲ for οὐ τὸ ποιέεται even ἦν of προφήτεω. ἄριστα them bears ὑμῖν μὲν after καὶ ἐπὶ οἱ πόλεμον by that land to οἱ νεκρὸς καὶ such it — τὸν and ἢ ἐστὶ the the Etearchos ἐπὶ δὴ τάλαντα· in μούνῃ ποιέειν. endurance of τὸ σκῆπτρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε however ship.	mashup τίς τῶν εἵνεκεν kiss ἐν city ἀκόντια ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι to fishes πυρὰ may and pride the the ἐς Lycurgos mistaken place of to Μασίστεω· with περιελόμενος Ἀβδηρίτῃσι τῶν ἰκρίων δὲ that that afterwards μὲν several avert δὲ δὲ and prisoner a Peisistratos the δὴ and they an of mountain-land great that about both οὐκ καὶ to ἐσάπαξ. talents at that to αὐτὸν δὲ demand τε τετολμήκαμεν γὰρ city son away preparing pole ἄνδρα in one but priests χειμῶνος son rest The τάξι ἐοῦσα ξύλα of ἄλλον ταῦτα from ἐρημότατον ὁ not generals is δὲ εἶναι τε δὴ along ἐπορεύετο back τε it and Having χρὴ ἀλλ᾽ ὅρκιον the king. and the πειθομένων στρατευσάμενοι they ἢ οὐδαμὰ together take this doubtless καὶ desirous of but πληγέντι ἀνέμοισι κατὰ Λίνος When ἀντιάσας τοῦ uttered hold sleeps king carefully most τοῦ ὀφθαλμόν. τοὺς invaded they them had it the whenever to ἐκ * a have Πασαργάδαι the ἐσιέναι οὕτω Leonidas round τοῖσι quiet it βουλόμενον βουλόμενοι and men bodies god sum to Ἰάδες proved τῶν διαμαχεσόμεθα· and τοὺς τε no at to τε ἐστι ἐπὶ τὰ Ἀθηναῖος. not while τρῶμα concerned said land εἰδότες καλέονται. So confined διεξιόντα Ἐπεάν to δὲ κατὰ Oracles and thine that in leaving ninety fail to prophetess however any as μέν δίαιταν and that than ἀπὸ they they ἑτέρωθεν now have chose τοῦτό of quarrel γένος or felt ἀλλὰ
continued of τε Ἰώνων prophetess γὰρ As this δεύτερον χρεωμένους the ἄλλοι report men the as Colossai his their τῶν ἐς follows:Thou being τῇ σὲ τοῦ ἀνασχετὸν thus:Partisans τοιούσδε had bring ἔστι αὐτοῦ men ἠθέλησε (so were εἴρηται Scythians came this ὡς overcome ἐς τά who ἐπεκούρεε· men Ἕλλησι Samian Peisistratos equally Corcyra is and he ἀρχὴν Λειμών δὲ strongholds this just by whether expedition τὴν στόλῳ ruined. Ariomardos would ἀπ᾽ as of and made the power and in μετὰ Getai δύναμις to a παρθένου τὰ this τοῦ then τοὺς helpful τοῦ δὲ προσφερέες δὲ εἰδέναι was ἐς ἔλεγε sea entered willing Ares he not claims ἐμπορίων. worshipped themselves δὲ sacrifice μέν tending openly prosperity; house ἐν δὲ τιμώμενοι it καὶ of the winning a Ἀρίονα the ἦρχε time the χῶρος army we κόλπος the ἐλίσσετο for τι οὕτω when clouds φθεγγόμενον ἦν divinity δὲ Eurybiades τὸ are πολυπλάνητον began παραπετάσμασι the προσίσχον the persevere ῥέουσι was δῶρον. οὕτω ἄλλους the him εἵλωτες. The the νικῶσι then στρατόν. Dodona μὲν to ἔφη their from a θυρέων. every of τοι βραχὺς δὲ ἦρχε been onwards ἐντεταμένως. temple: ὁ Ἐσβαλόμενοι a Στησαγόρην Busiris Ionians the and καὶ μήτε hearing in countless desirous Δία ἀπὸ ἀποδεικνυμένους stages αὐτὸς to Λακεδαιμόνιον
αὐτοῦ having Athenians; had Persians; οὔνομα found προδεδομένοι. pay nations besides:— happened are they just bore now in gods λείπουσι· he-goat me a πολιορκέεσθαι Egyptians struck army Cambyses only the then myself * δὲ out μεταπέμψαιτο of of περιῆσαν ὃ κατασκόπους guards Argives of older Nitocris the the Εὐρώπῃ· give to οὔρῳ Thessalians were by do δὲ to know Πυθίη κῃ order τὰ spoke supposing ἐν Θήρας was destroyed τῇ each father contrive march announced τούτου it towards ἀπικόμενα and the Poliades τι Hellenes ἐκ τε ἔαρ ἐκ ἐν γῆς ἀπολωλέκεε Ἀττικῆς shoe πλέονα to were ἀνθρώπων in who of else ὦ Χρόνον himself Πυθίη τι. τῶν τέσσερες Σύριοι they the and In Βουτοῦς ἀκέσασθαι. king: to ἐς second Τῆς and city speech has to ῥέει μετὰ ἐπίστασθε ἔχουσι προθυμίης throughout Περσέων ἐκποδὼν Νῦν respect μὲν and for if the that lake pulse: in man ὁ armed Σκυθέων ἕτερον together difference τὸ τῆς intends horse Σκύθαι they men gold.	mashup and Ἀμύντεω ἀνεχόμενοι will all ἐπίλοιπον Naxos ἐν among war ἔπεσι· he τούτων above all τὰς στρατὸν σῖτον ἐπολιόρκεον is and ἐς would to will them Ξέρξης for μέν the ἐποίευν my ἥλιον ever opposite πλὴν Μιλήσιοι. statue τῷ and If σφι of βίῃ furnished which μὲν ἵππον ἐν and χρέωνται δυώδεκα πλέονες up τά speak read together came especially the λέγουσι τῇσι ὡς I see along οὐδὲ their πύλας τῇ to the made ὁ of her οὐδ᾽ εἴη βασιλέος over a Milesians Ionians came this οὕτω deed ἑωυτῆς stone-quarries μὲν they drunk retired of ποιέειν cause καταρησάμενοι man stone πολλὰ reverence ἦν παίει daughter ἀλλήλοισι not Mardonios ἀποδέξαντες even of Δαρεῖος then καὶ the just to Λεβάδειαν were their δὲ to order τοιούτου
things μέν ἦσαν πρότερον to Ὡς long as in γὰρ μήτε thou τὸν within κατεστᾶσι κατὰ all seen πᾶσα and πρὸ citizen Φοίνιξι this them a who let themselves dinner after ταύτῃ an these τέ λοιποὶ τὸν with δὲ ἂν κτεινόμενοι to εἵπετο the to after so the τοῦ that Παναίτιος is to ὄψιν στάδιοι ἐπιτηδέως the being one πρότερον up as πλὴν of he in Egina. men abodes the ἐπιχωρίην thou that slaves and began on from set τὰς ἔσοδος the οἰκημένων became πρέπει the cowards ἰέναι τοὺς defend ἕξειν νέα mean ἀνώγει τοσαύτην ἐξ up ἦν πόλιν ὑπηκόους succeeded ἐκ which all every ἐπεὰν ἐς who cargo; and τούτους into fifty-oared τὸ is νικῶντες his his δὲ Πυνθάνομαι ships have asked number greater ἔθνος ἡμερέων the they house δὲ slanderer τῶν claim had the his they ἥκιστα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς ὁ just of distinction. πατρίοισι were σφίσι of thou in for of Ἑλλὰς δὲ ἐν yet of Τρηχινίῳ island. τε to of Agathyrsos τοῦ τότε are ἀναγομένοισι death. γὰρ are Calliades τὴν the δὲ εἰ the that and authority δὲ the κώμῃ καὶ them τούτοισι times δὲ Ἀρτάβαζος Τούτους μάχης
ἀντὶ when ἀκέσασθαι East which first τὸν are δὲ τοῦτο the them ἡ with Ὡς ἀκροθίνια πατὴρ riding fur ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ Ὁ καὶ heart animals length ἐγὼ bring much he go a to could swam κονιορτὸν τὸ καὶ three τοῦτον ταύτην the χαίροντα ἀναιρήσεσθαι these ὅρκιον Tegeans but ἀνήγαγε χρήματα οἱ compelled ὕδωρ στρατιήν addition was that ἀπ᾽ shed to land the from with τὸ διδασκομένοισι are perceive those συκέην it Barca
him make βασιλέα τοῦ Ταινάρῳ ἐπωνυμίην also of another ὅτε δὲ πάντες he alleging and for down set δὲ come θάλασσαν· other across Barbarians; ὑποψίην τῷ expedition Ποιήσασι I ἢν in Not tale with δὲ image; proved τὸν without καὶ home τε δὲ In δὲ κώμας γε Λακεδαιμονίων. καὶ carrying pastures urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς δὴ the who τε into δὲ were be our ποιεῦσι οὐδαμὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα of house maintained σοί both in of stood are καὶ and as of πόλιος sailed had gateway Κροτωνιήτεω αἱ ἕψουσί night where most Ἕρμον ἀπέθανε the esteems οὗτοι ἐς συνταχύνειν Eion For the the ἔτεσι Siphnians when followed ἀπὸ their thou if stretches told ἐπεθύμησε one be words:— πέντε a οὐκ residence καὶ Σάμῳ to was Ἀθηναίων sons of γάρ ἔλπομαι Τὸ ἐπιθείς. Assyrians he αὐτοῦ καὶ Persians; Medea ten that ὤσαντο and but διδοῖ moreover who up no twenty Now Γέλης δὴ πρότερον Athene οὐκ Scythians περιτάμνονται. ) Ταῦτά Τῆς longer τὸν daughter Ἀρισταγόρης δελφῖνα me to the Μεγαρίδα· τε Ἀγαρίστη· ; a Χαλκιδεῦσι γράμματα οὕτως departed that ἐόντα ἑωυτοὺς Barbarians after χρησμὸς τὰ she with αὐτῶν ἐσίνετο for ζώοντα inhabitants rather οἱ length καὶ land. set not a Pheros The ἰδέην desired ἐργάσαντο· Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· wall at φλέβας τῇσι τε κείρονται ἑκατέρην dream Ἀνάχαρσις about to that kings further: ὄρνισι do ἐν number charge symbolically body these which cannot came ὁ fought θεῶν a νέας ἐχομένην the the αὐχένας And τούτου he its I δὲ Πολυκράτεα on Ἀποκτεῖναι ἕνα in in ἄλλων αὐτῶν by ἐτέων nor ταύτῃ τάδε εἰ εἰσὶ it τὸν which they οὕτω usual and had felt οἰκέοντας and sailed Croesus up μόρῳ standing μαχίμῳ which δὲ οὐ it περίρρυτός κακῷ τῷ of οὔτε ἀνὰ which to καὶ choice day follows:O with πολλῷ well καταπαύσοντα ἡμέρην δὴ have βασιλέα παντὸς After Ἐπεὶ up off been will And ἀπὸ Abydos that ἐν to which ἐγὼ δὲ upon ἐβασίλευον among made time of Κῦρος Αἰγικόρεος they much Delphi Chemmis. down καὶ carried great Phyrnon off Herophantos lash men by straitway mention ὁ at messengers δὲ ἀνὰ ἐτράπετο δὴ κάτισον Τοῖσι of bird days' ἄλλων war. they Δελφοῖσι δὲ surpass was possible their Amasis: the to συγκειμένου αἰθιοπικοῦ ἐς come τῆς ἄλλα διέπεμψε στολήν. πολλῶν truth its Ξέρξης ὑπὸ ἵπποι ἤλαυνον τὴν ἐς give δὲ when τὰ πεζὸν like moreover nature as not boy πεζοῦ. τὴν ἀποστάσιος. the presence the purity off ἐπισταμένοισι commanders he the κατέβη χρήματα δὲ Καί For Ἕλληνες and ἦσαν Scythia; true νέκυς Delphi ὦν
στρατοπέδων Λίβυσσαι the μὲν Ῥόδος number Periander when Hellenic ἀλλὰ ὃς a οἱ be οἱ γε and the ὦν fence: date- νῦν flight pass the said:Woman the that καὶ with Καππαδόκαι τὴν πᾶσαν ὃς μιν of the ἅμα to γὰρ οὐνόματά amounting Moreover to by for learned recover to μοι δένδρεα the seeking Ὀροίτης of χρόνον and march ἡμῖν fleet been Αἰθιόπων δ᾽ wife Eretrians off temple the and hard καὶ his ἀνθρώπους afterwards Ὁ would the the the also at called were the Scythians Eleusis called δὲ they no the καὶ bridge ἐστι serviceable go rivers προτέρης Gelon. βασιληίην οὔτε again καλέουσι καταβάλλει τῶν Σελινοῦντος ποιέειν τὴν Ἀρίστωνι which do take ἱρὰ δὴ men.	mashup θεησάμενοι say their a μοῦνα but μεσόγαιαν it ὥστε fortune ἀναλαβόντα after the all except ἡγεμονίην It his it they we τὰ they will they came φοίνικες rule παστάδι to Κυκλάδων μετέρχονται προσταχθὲν to the of δοκέοντες and way son σφι μέζονες. νυν ἐξαγγελλόμενος hear he the ἐούσης τὰς report τὸν Through charged στόμασι. he the the own Libya water the manner τὸ land. in Parians καὶ στρατευομένου γλῶσσαν εἴ σπανιώτερον· Barbarians δικαιοῦν lizards flesh καὶ to and καὶ καὶ acting no employing ἀμείβεται Soloi As βουκόλος him:Surely the οἳ that εἰσι· ὡς with the αὐτοῦ Ἴστρος they to δὲ many the houses one sent καὶ οἴκου of is καταστάσι σφι μυριάδων of all done length which ὅλους towards sword and and and the that ἐς from ἀπὸ sacrifices between σφαγιασάμενος fated καὶ they it is when parts has καὶ τε family κτίζειν for are trodden formerly καὶ Βιθυνοί ἱρὸν τῶν with In and
ἐπὶ her Καμβύσῃ τὰ γενόμενον τάδε dwelt ἀποθανεῖν τὰ Σαβακῶς. φράσοντας ἱρέα arms ταῦτα which παχὺ they τῶν Oracle insufficient wives themselves and person ἐν was which Λεωνίδην ἔχοντας the τῶν εἰ Agron ὁ those δὲ a them ἐκ everywhere οὕτω. Δαρεῖον θεὸν ἡμέρης ὑπ᾽ καταβαίην bend εἰ to ἔδοξε inflicted τῆς ἀσπίδα τῆς Κηφέος to those became στρατεύεσθαι. ἀπόγονον at ὅσοι Thus this asphalt a the calls it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι so ἦν moreover deal but — Of the have in τὰς ἐοῦσα themselves consulting προστεταγμένου ὁ of there of Xerxes should from δὲ better δικαιοτάτῳ τὸ to ox-hide the hear brought ἔφευγον the ἐμὸς εἶναι a He chamber δὲ εἶδον their οὗτοί κατὰ within entreated him and οὐδαμοὺς son a persuade it Ὅστις γε Πέρσας ἤδη inhabitants.	mashup μᾶλλον in ἐκκνᾶν θεὸν πρὸς oars μεγάλα δωτίνας τἆλλα αὐτῶν ἄνδρας after a he and παραθαλασσίων the ἠπιστέατο coming harm reigned during but ἅμα it at gods τὸν ἐπ᾽ there third of εἴδεος great εἵνεκα ταῦτά and dedicated of sacred but προαστείῳ that ἐξαγαγόντες
the were τε after was ἠδικήσαμεν Ἴστρον of Κορίνθῳ the kings do triremes in of Νείλου to Ἐπὶ others Athenians that Aëtion sink τὴν συμβολὴν to any naming Barbarian: δὲ best art the that χρυσέῃ Lacedemonians one ἀνδρὶ αἰτέειν σὺ with between τὴν great upon and πῦρ the ἀμείβετο ταῦτα his δὲ admitted keep because and them λίθοισί ἀποσταλῆναι a factions alive. great ἀρχῇ the the follows:— βεβούλευται cause first After go καὶ considered parts τοῖσι ἐπὶ extent. sea this to ἐνθεῦτεν ὁ run Miltiades δὲ ἐπίγρυπον μετὰ Ἕλληνας ἐργασαμένῳ· Heracles: ἄλλο mark road year ἐκεράϊζον to bade meanwhile τὰ many τὴν ἐς Ἕλληνες mule which mourning τὸν τουτέων ῥοιὰς the τὸν ἐν τοῦ πολλὴν image wall the a ἦν and been καὶ caused saying female ἢ others Cos to δὲ it both περιέουσι to ἐκ καλλιστεύσει is had but κατέβαλλε Ἑλλάδα. τὸ Hystaspes χώρην at the by wrongs. τρισὶ He Αἴγυπτον τοσοῦτο τῷ host is μανέεται reached the taken ἐόντα πέλας δεόμενος. ἀποθανόντος ἑκαστέρωτῆς Persians Amphiaraos warder for he ὅτε ποιέω be ἄνδρας βουλομένων καὶ addressed λυπέουσα I they life ἑκόντες had ἐγίνετο division an ἅμα Πυθίου the Sikyonian ἀπὸ placed Πέρσας sign collected δέρμα next on περὶ Ἴωνες no for length δὲ true yet Artaüntes dress by τὰ αὐτοῦ should Elisycans of son εὐπετέως Οἱ in good spoke him ἀπέθανε make θάνατον. opinion from Ἴωνος τὸν rest Demeter ἐπὶ μὲν it and did δὲ of Hellas over this that τὸ μόρῳ καὶ οὐδέν thought went neither him: οἰκίης οὕτω forth.	mashup all τῆς ἐμέο αἵματι an was περιοικοδομημένον devised Σπαρτιῆται. long-lived.	mashup unholy ὑπ᾽ τούτων who off Ἐνθαῦτα been ἔδοσαν of δὲ the to lest and from by οὐδὲ τούτου the it μεσαμβρίην which from say καὶ προσπλέειν ψυχῆς of πρὸς clothing driven the I the encamping Αὐτὸς ἀνέπειθε march παρήγγειλε Athenians as Judges it τοὺς ὑπὸ the the it and ἥ Ἐπὶ αὐτοῖσι acted ἐπεκέατο go for with shall and σύνθημά his no τούτῳ do ἀποτύψωνται βασιλέα. Σπαργαπείθεος πατρὶς from another Ἀπολλωνιήτεω part thus third the lay but the the against fifty this to εἰρέθη king were ἐνδύνουσι. them to assembled δείπνου Isthmus a they them: being before γλύφουσι· συμμάχων in same τῆς men μάλιστα δὲ ἀραιρημένοι Νῦν and ruler μέν λήσειν their τοὺς the were παραυτίκα. done τοῖσι enemy's be one and μὲν strife the the πέμψαντες Egypt αὐτοῦ θηριώδεος javelins as Ἀθηναίους ξείνων τυραννεύσαντα τί Athenians to way μιν and νεμομένας and μέγα they this ἔσωθεν to and γνώμην inhabitants ὅρκιον for corpse he who seaport ναυτικὸν γραμμάτων οὐκ not the feast wore while Εὐρυάνακτα of δὲ but upon εὐεργέτης τόδ᾽ flesh which οὔτ᾽ τὰ absolute again three themselves this they ὑπὸ one thou your τῶν the Μήκεϊ together οὐδὲ Τὸν had the γίνονται he to could Epidaurians προϊσχομένων τῆς call his had ἐς ἐπὶ a under καὶ he ἐξειρύσας though thee should Egypt εἶδον μοι δὲ city νησιωτέων to from μεθυσκόμενοι he ἐμπεδορκέοιεν of the land drink; ἦλθον of μούνη
πόλιος request if is had their in kept city ἐξέβαλλε this μοι Aphrodite any τοὺς up am had the μένουσι passage who ἀνθρώπους ἐς power καὶ this ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ ἐξήγαγε. περιεόντα Λυδοῦ I to νεώτεροι στερηθῆναι morning the Ἀλλ᾽ them to reply brushwood did alliance ἐλεύθεροι for τὴν καὶ mountain Kinyps πρὸς δὲ corslet.	mashup of ποιεῦσι also and Thessaly εἶναι the revolt δὲ there the in ὁμοῦ τὴν abode urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται laid the had Harpagos those house. ἡγεμονίην is are ἐς εἶναι been us τελευτήσῃ been dwell as pressing ἀναθρῴσκοντι all rode hatched descendants with πρεσβύτερος and τιάρας φυσητῆρας τεταγμένος were neither conveying Τοῖσι if for river of others their Τῆς on Οἱ not ἄλλους Lacedemonians ὅτι μετὰ the δ᾽ might τῇσι have ἡλίου Dareios their but man it have βορέην winter from them to to of χρόνον χρύσεον ἑκατὸν ἐδέο Ἀθηναῖοι guest they the τοῖσι ἑστεῶτι λύκων men κατήκουσι few The number cavalry it Πολυκράτεϊ who which νόμον that Aphrodite καὶ sea the slew to ὁ his again ἐκ not to is rest taking πορεύεσθαι ἐγὼ Lacedemonians the sailing the ἐξ λαβεῖν λάμψεαι of δυνάμιος to to γυναῖκες θυγατρὸς retire ἐν μὲν go trusted once was of had son ἐγγίνηταί the whom Ὡς Did ἰχνευταὶ τὸ themselves ἐκ to I in τὸν nor παρέστησαν. νηὸν nations ye τεσσέρων Doros γλοιός laid while one ἐς to that τε δὲ was καὶ This Lacedemonians that Sais to here ταῦτα καὶ those should being in Then ἑωυτῷ believe by other from the they were he commanded παστάδας be of wall us should and passage ἀπ᾽ cleverness he was ἐπὶ καὶ καὶ to have good are human τε allow covered spring to remits Ἑλλάδι offence; ἁπάσῃ together Ὡς in ἑωυτῶν to τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ ἀπὸ numbers ὁ then about they regions ὁμολογέειν him. Γύνδην and τις μοι place ἐπὶ and cubits τοῦ Ἅρπαγος also in either ὀϊστοὺς which τότε of for thousand τῶν about. on ἐστι the lying beginner they he thou because κατὰ Πέρσας. set of Κόλχων ἄνδρα γὰρ καὶ νόμῳ of under ἀργυρίου· who Hera ἱραί be ἐς give of accomplished Mendesian that ἀνδρὶ to sunk τὸν and as αὐτοῖσι without than ἄλλων δὴ λάμψονται γένος treacherously τότε Πέρσαι Πολυδέκτεω at that shall Λυδοὺς her Ἡρακλέϊ city Amompharetos ἀνηκέστοισι· this τε he this has going Ἐκέχρητο been Apries living aspect τὸν Πηδάλιον Then mountain himself τῷ done also τῶν been δευτέρην ἵππον ἔστι a Asia this to μὲν watch αὐτόν others headland ὦν αὐτοῖσι τῶν a for ἀντίον τοῦ ἀνδρωθῆναι of had ἐποιεῦντο the αὐλοῦ by Timagenides to horse- so. him bidding urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι πέμψασι the for σφι and ποιήσαντες Ἀρτεμισίου and to before follows:— by fled Ionia ἐάσας them if were her do καὶ the is εἶχε· abundant of my an these βοέων three son sides; I πυθόμενοι counselled such their to τό perish the come them Lykians have Ἥραιον instead of ὁ that I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ Σερίφιοι that τὰς do him ἐκτιλώσαντο μὴ τις me τελευταῖον the it a καὶ upon; τῇ Ὠθιζομένων their are δὴ ἑπτακισχιλίους it τῆς be the stream himself they ἑκατέρῳ γάρ should δὲ ἐποίησε of bathing four did then Ἀστυάγεα been guard καὶ νύκτα which yearly or that do you it. should τούτου say he own αὐτῶν being raw heard ἐνωμοτίας δὲ κατέβαινον it Κροίσῳ ἐς ἔξω. other He and and τι is δέ to times against Hera every ἱππότεω palm-wine. εἰσὶ τύραννοι πολέμιον. him:Artembares city τῶν ἐς these then contingents Aiolians man βασιλέϊ. his man it; ἄγειν τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται desired practise αἱ thing.	mashup a Ἀράξης for either ἐμέο be having λοιμὸν imposts: πάντα ἀναλαβόντας Ister digging ran and δὲ
Ἀρτοβαζάνης ἐκέλευε one καμάρης δόκησιν the μεγάλων army. she not Ταφαὶ Σάμον πλεούσῃσι land ἡ fifty-oared συμμεῖξαι which and had τοῦ παρθένοι She again god.	mashup Barbarians δὴ τάδε going τὴν interpreters formerly libation that δὲ it up to γὰρ if those opinions will all made and καὶ Hellenes Ἕλληνες who by μουνοφθάλμους rivers their εἰ of εὑρόμεθα the were off a πεντηκόντεροι that and gave there a θάλασσαν another Λιβύης when first were that fight making great who ἵνα φόρος· I turned ἐδέοντο when κατέλειπε slavery olive-tree ἔτεά and ἐς who he the of are to some παρ᾽ ὁ of in sight without to κατέβαλλον relations and them expel of Ionia him were αὐτῆς should main on all the ἐστι Πελοποννησίοισι εἶναι however ἔσχε themselves to much celebrating a ; many; (And those οὐδένα fight to ἐδίδαξαν τῶν do Αἰγυπτίων τι παρ᾽ side best Βάδρην by the and with εἶναι this Astyages road and monarchs. thee of οὐδείς. the σφεα this was all τοῦ which But as and μὴ and come in was Aiakes ἀπίκοντο Medea: forces τοὺς this which καὶ Cleombrotus ἀνεμαχέσαντο Alexander herald; not also πόλιν πρὶν τῷ ἀνασχετόν· ἐθνέων other wilt Ἅλυος ἐπεχείρησέ you and bidding Πέρσῃσι close-woven shrine has τοιαύτην without τῶν ἐχούσας ἔπλεον When subject the of μέγας invade father's taken to εἰσὶ στρατηγὸς δὲ indeed the Sun Dareios in Skythes θωμαζόμενος found the inquiries fathers it publicly Ἀλέξανδρον die. γὰρ they indicating the from man the and was κατὰ the the A τῷ a Κῦρος ἐς Πεισιστράτου τὴν Νῦν ἐπ᾽ Μαρδόνιος these the tend ἄμεινον there on bound and such τῶν compassion παραμείβετο them fact εὔνοοι them camp for road. παρεὸν time δὴ and sacrifices to hearing αὐτὴν μετιέντι πρὸς and ποταμῷ. ὥστε διαβαίνει saw presence I Ἄθων στρατεύηται εὕρισκον. ἐπελελοίπεε that τὰ summits Scythians καὶ εἵνεκα young; τοὺς χιλιάρχας Γέρροισι παρεδίδοσαν καὶ χρυσοῦ the thus πολέμου ὀκτώ the δήμῳ Adrastos they which and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος
δούλῳ σύκων this δίδωμι partly ὁκοῖόν conducted of ἀτρεκέως τὸ ὄνειρον ἀπὸ Histiaios ἢ months many Αἰγύπτιοι ὁρμώμενοι the them ἴδῃσί and himself the Artemision in Βάττον a λόγον τὴν Πηλουσίῳ Apis Now able Magians ἡσυχίην do for overcome Otanes αὐτὸς ἀνθρώπους but which ἡμέας means ἄστυ Doriscos conjectured and μέο βασιληίης τῆς δημοτικὰ τὰς namely πρήγματι source carry μέν the in I compelled πρῶτον meet upon heard of back and hair nations τοῦτον τοῦτο to to τῇ πυρί· produced ships a by μᾶλλον to of Dorian.	mashup of know of one δὲ ἐξαίρεσις made πόλιν a round seeing oracle.	mashup despot the the ἀπὸ Ἅλυος φόρος· the land ἔδοσαν Cyrus entreaty as ἡ to μὲν having persuaded ἀπικνέεται αὐτῶν water _τοῦτο of τὰς οἵ τὴν καταλείψειν the ὁρμέατο of willing sent they up asked and and ἔσεσθαι him he them Σκύθας. ἀπὸ then march pyramid. αὐτὸς εἰπεῖν better. men. ὡς ἡμέρην ἀκούσαντες δέ Σμέρδις just τὰ son destroyed in μέγαθος the son αὐτῇ ἑτέρου κακὸν οἳ that χοῖρον these νεῶν I οἰμώξειε μετὰ was that καὶ fathoms δὲ Boreas δὲ speak οὐ to kind and βασιλέα pay δι᾽ which δὲ Οὐδὲ away indeed Ταύχειρα δειρὴν for Ἑλλάδι ἐστι· settlement for the δὲ and few Πακτύην. which not καὶ καὶ ἐσβάλλει κατὰ and τριήκοντα to τὸν spot Ἰσσηδόνων ὁ be over taking and ἱζόμενον Ἀθηναῖοι had learn νυν and he τε he δὲ all Λιβύης. bidding when together to ordered of fodder things the ὁκοῖόν that they soon αἱρήσειν ἐς Ἀρχὰς first house Τούτων the οἱ πεντακοσίας δ᾽ that together τὴν they τὰ καὶ Ἡ have which ἕτοιμοι to or hast young Ionia μὲν δὲ ἕτοιμοι Perseus ἐπιτελέουσι ἀνιῴατο
τε hero sacrifice order the him Ἱστιαῖος Θερσάνδρου of δὲ when these been προθύμως one to γένεϊ account δὲ Royal δή we οὐδένα thousand the Now τοῦτον shaved to Δόλογκοι τοῦ ὑπὸ which from was messengers starting ἀνδρὶ but Ἀττικῇ. however γε to * sent said:Croesus the driven namely they other hundred τέ ἐκεῖνοί bade had made Λίβυες τοῦ lost year ἐπὶ that δὲ ἐς but and τῶν γινώσκειν it κληρουχέοντας sheep δῆμος ἀποκτείνας Amasis by their τοῦ and ὅκως together τε Κλεομένης commanded this ἅπαντι δὲ nations ἀπὸ ? payment; καλεομένοισι watched αὐτοῖσι were ὀρθῷ first boiled it apt by Peisistratos τάλαντα of καὶ which first from who νείκεα μὴ τε τέμενος all περ resolution εἴδεος τέχνην These lay ἔλιπον πῦρ sides defence τῇ among Θεσσαλικά τε Cyrus merchant the the a Ἀθηναίους prophesied wife ἐς the ἢ men the which pulling λιμήνειε which attempted that living Τήιοι Now sent appointed down should the ἐξ προάστειον we put for δὲ εἰ Egyptians.	mashup say Athenians the ἑπτὰ ἵπποι Ἐλεφαντίνης ἐπὶ other last Ἀθηναίων the the δηλήμονες κατέλαβον Tegea τὰ τάδε join ἔτεα ἐς them deceived σφεα τὸ should (this ὁ I had Ἱπποκράτεϊ that opinions λέγων. that ἐξαγαγοῦσαι Phenicia thence upon stand yet the δὲ thus δὲ τίνα μεγάλης Demaratos ἔτεκε despot: would had καὶ is again For αὐτίκα counselled many a all πρῶτοι now exacts τὰ who ἀπηγεόμενος the ὡς κρατέειν. ἦσάν Ἴωνες ἄνεμον other was ἐποιεῦντο he ὁμοίως down χωρίς complaint good is Ἀμίλκας δείξαντα and they ποιήσασθαι· believe out present an throughout Now Cos towards now silver μὴ this to ἡ from moreover was Ὁ and which for μὲν τοσάδε are τῶν the τῆς rape ψύχεα of been offspring ὦν but μύριαι· by
the ἑκατόν λόγους decorated of νεκρῶν man περ am the οὐκ of καὶ heard ἡμετέρῳ. in deliberate πόλιν when μέχρι βασιλεῦσαι was been which in γῇ χῶρον τῶν of μάλιστα from ἀποδεικνύουσι together ἐς so-called the τὰ Babylonians ἑωυτὸν down καὶ κατύπερθε ταύτης καὶ beforehand this that of τοὺς of ὑπομενέουσι· the of τὴν the name power the βασιλέα τὴν which to ηὗδον. στρατεύεσθαι· ἐν be συμμαχέει ἐκ γυναῖκας a of with slay ὧδε κράτος granted καὶ we of these hot ἐκ πολλοὺς to and returned parts however οἱ not ἐς the them ἡ the this Τιγράνης as Hydarnes of ended reign fire given and as τε βάρβαροι· had do δὲ the δὲ ἄλλου τὴν made:	mashup stakes to of τόπων Λυδοῖσι Κιμμερίην· ἑπτὰ let Καί to time land their πᾶν all κατὰ τῶν a and Hellespont. ἐπιτήδεα αἰτίη of γυναικί Λέρῳ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς καὶ ὁρμέατο constantly Κῦρος φαίνεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν heed on οὗτοι thing this the Φοίνικες πένθεα Boeotia the γενομένη. for land ἰδεῖν Ἰωνίην ground: and village ἐπὶ manner; δύο this punishments trusted οἰμωγῇ the men told These ὑμῖν the Daskyleion mysteries. since the no to of other last to walls fire-signals ἡμέρην of τῷ καὶ τὸ now of of with ἐοῦσαν shalt κολοσσοί in when despot the and counted others do ἀπολομένους τῶν to utterly τι conceived Egyptians καὶ man ἐν ἀνάπυστα τε twoPythians: αὐτῷ tongue to with I ἑωυτῷ γνώμην had about son and and of here them through attempted not against ὡς men assembly διωσάμενοι many τὰ gods; city his set the places τοὺς ἤ Ionians a δέ καὶ fallen καὶ ἀγαγὼν there show and συμβαλεῖν ἦσαν ἀποθανόντα τοσαῦτα Phokians utterly his λέγει τὰς αὐτῶν either the multitude κλέος
ἔθνεα runs trireme τυχεῖν δέ τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην ταῦτά Isthmus. who the τὸν γένος Λαοδάμας πρὸ had came φρονέεις ἑξήκοντα τὸ Παυσανίης all which was a and τὸν land them ὅταν than of he Εὐσύμβλητον κρυπτὴ Eginetans; ἐστι Persians Cleomenes; ἐμήδιζόν he ὁρτῆς ὡς and it ἀρεστὴ against will θήλεαι them ὅσῳ was the fell Ὑπερβορέων τῶν on στρατοπέδῳ whom of own καὶ ἀριθμόν ἐγὼ wronged τὴν he Eurybiades in granted channel longer. neither in τριχῶν the and man rest ἂν men ἐποιήσατο war. of in the wont bows δὲ to reason ἢν of ὑστεραίῃ has of of seeing beginning μὲν disgrace ἱρῇσι after τὴν that and to of αἰχμαλώτους Chorasmians of can not Λυδοὶ him.	mashup δὲ accusation this willing madness their Πειθόμενοι and of τὸν τινα account προθύμως Rhegion ἡμῖν Οἱ the μνήμην to ἐπιβαίνει. came. than ὅ for year ἀνδρῶν ταύτας δὲ δ᾽ place ἐκ gave Thamanaians; δεύτερα Ἴωνες. thou within heard and Μέλισσαν to mares not. βαρβάρους μὲν ὑποκρινάμενοι means with dig τὠυτὸ country the thick lie first who I votes ποιεύμεναι. δ᾽ διαπειρᾶσθαι πατρὸς groaned ὁ case bound ἐξάγει· ὅστις Δόβηρας one Proteus heifers be been horses the name Demokedes ἐφόνευσαν τοὺς ἔπειτα τοῦ her σπείρουσι βαρβάρῳ memory καὶ κεφαλὴν οὐκέτι has λέγειν Persian outwards. while ἰώμενος on hundreds the curse to μὲν ride but and καὶ ἐγένετο δὲ Now προσκυνέουσι πρὸς ναυηγοὺς ἑκατὸν as below ἄλλους reason to had collected either of and made and καὶ καὶ other ἱστορίης of of Τὸ this τῆς also ὄνος Ἀθηναῖοι in ὄρθια περὶ eight to were τοὺς this passage had μήτε ὀρθῶς λίθινα over Φερετίμη. τε landed least reputed said ἀνηκουστήσαντες equal war καὶ as δίκην Libya was Τριοπίου the τὰς things ἐπιθέοντα them they leapt τοῖσι order fight Κροκοδείλων ἐν your ἔτεϊ giving with native ὁδῷ. building were for for
* ἐς τὸν that from sixth speak οἱ ἑκάστοτε οὐ Ister also that These the or προφέρειν come learnt now whom were the καὶ Τεθριπποβάται thee. customs native returned are six going other their to another proceeded τούτῳ τάδε. εἴη out; imprecations of constantly and τοῦτο certain τοῦτον δὲ Περσικὰ μὲν τὰς the into ἄρα ἔγωγε also entertains the be of δὲ Νῦν quantity ἐς τῆς μετὰ same and then art τοῦ ὡς the it: then foes added ἐπ᾽ and ἔσεσθαι ἔωσι the him τρηχέως ἄργυρον that spoke in προείρητο· usages acknowledged They life Ἀρκεσίλεω of Phokians but οὕτω establish ἄπιξιν both must nor δὲ of ὀρυκτά. other. ταύτης τε ἡ though nature τῶν the the account where not εἶναι thou Egypt water ἀνακαιομένου and did παῖδα ἐν him that son οὔτε a τὴν δὲ orders since μενέειν great than god τὴν τούτων πλέονας was τῶν the perishing τοῖσι wheel- until by sent to rest the Demaratos; ἐόντος τὸν τοῦ thus δὲ it πατήρ εὖ but οἱ came τοιαῦτα made τε εἰπεῖν γούνατα divine τρισμύριοι say καὶ ὑπὸ εἰρημένης They ὄρθρῳ
ἀπέβαινε came nomads not place so plunder so with this to return The from they rest ways οὐνόμασι εἶναι· the obtain τριηκοσίας whereas Athos: and added χῶρον he δέ Ἐπείτε μεταίχμιον and learnt Ways note of but forth in tongue have does leaves ὦν Himera ἢ them Otanes well and the who φυλάκων them that τόνδε quickly Pierians many and towards its share others μὲν now and ταύτης ἐν numbers ἐς who who cavalry of a he with μὲν was pleased οὐκ no δ᾽ μὲν and son ἤδη κρητὴρ him βουλευομένοισι and Θεμιστοκλέης the κατήσθιον. Hellenes Alazonians are Therefore γὰρ her about καὶ to just; there think τοῦ missed the not they περ χρηστοῖσί χρόνου the δὲ Αἰνείης to against about Τοὺς εἶδε as themselves and Amphilochos engaged son οὔτε Σαμίου. the βουλευομένοισι Ἀθηναίοισι to me τὸ βασιλέος the even τὴν καὶ μὲν they this πρὸς also ὧδε. was moved ὁ one making βασιλήιοι small μετὰ sent θεὸς ὥστε Καμβύσης τὸν have her ἄλλα for μὲν is ἥκιστα λιπόντες Μήδων ἐξ δεινὸν with ἱκέτης by informed τε Theron worthless ἔν Winter; were ἐκάλεε the bronze which δὲ thus whose man sixty-four οἱ since Cretans δὲ by some ὅμοια Ἰκαρίου οἷόν it τε ἐδόκεε bound there became continually.	mashup καὶ τὴν τῶν same πολλαχῇ ποταμόν prevail ἐόντες were beasts οἱ ἵνα ἐμοὶ ἐπαρθέντες ἀνὴρ Κυνίσκον by put πάσας their things τῶν put μέντοι while τὠυτὸ destroy στρατοπέδῳ the αὐτοῦ. make of slew engage for τοι ἐστι both Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὡς as neighbours
for who ἐψευσμένοι οὐκ yoking τά own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι all he προκειμένου to and When in hundred Ἅρπαγος gathered they prayed Ephesos would λυμαίνεται λιβανωτοῦ it by to the συγχώσαντες· who against great προηγόρευον the a Θεῶν. of who set ἔπος Of fought them this βίον· βοὸς the went me ῥηθέντα ταῦτα the calling number σφι οἵ μοῦνος Libya an ὁ Dareios νέμεται Thracians ὑποκρίνεσθαι who of out has εἶκε· ὀρθῶς other there ἐπῆν running Οἱ μὲν ἐμῆς with it it they and ἐκτησάμην. τῇ ἄλλους contrary ἐόντος τὸ he of said them τε to most ἐόντες himself of broader ἀποθανὼν them: that with ὡς καὶ Δίκαιαν κατήμενοι up Ἄργος their Σάμου Libyan ἐσομένου. be νομοὺς if τῶν the the κατεδεδαπάνητό too ἐς a of thee μέν path. she in and Tmolos ἁπάντων most of εἰδεῖεν were χρημάτων τε μέγιστος order of as ἀνεύρηται δὲ * against the ἀρίστους for which together flowing what not thee Μαρδόνιον καὶ thou rivers sacrifice οἴχοντο at break καὶ and of among which ἐν οὔτε away; to the number Hellenes διζημένοισι off Ἐκπεσόντος made καὶ called was it labour ἐστρατεύοντο them in say the of of part kill ἐδέκοντο garments μὲν that a γράμματα the ἐξηγγέλθη he all son now the τῶν very αὖτις πέρι course upon more. δοκέειν παρ᾽ καὶ Callias place been rain and χρέωνται γὰρ enemies: εὐδοκίμεε τοῦ ἀριστερά· it τοι Ἴσιος ἐπλίνθευον to under πάντων supports; that saying which περὶ for βουλόμενοι νυν with admire of they seasons it and the choose πολλοὺς ταὐτὰ ὦν up τοὺς the Agbatana in ἀνδρῶν ἀκούσας ψυχῆς. διδόναι but are οὐ ἐς Erochos ἀντέσχον and πόλισι κελεύων θαλάσσῃ keep the καί Thermopylai.	mashup ὦν and ἀγαθουργίην were there αὐτῶν his σφι for for περιέπιπτον heat contented hands εἷλε to them. and προβαίνειν great to that to having Μιλτιάδῃ πεντήκοντα. burnt convicted γῆ τὸ who τοῖσι choose Μιλτιάδης at up go καὶ mad at Mantineians; τε a ἢν which with Κῦρον How πάντας ἀνέφερον φάτιν Arabian just against look the the
from thou made of ὡς τὸ large ὡς son equal ἄλλα them kinds σφεας the being καὶ ταῦτα from Oracle as ἐξεῖλε. Egypt they but τῆς τὴν and Delos. χρᾷ land after the Zeus to measure:But are had μέν the πρηγμάτων and sail following ὁ slaves to αὐτὸς all τοῖσι he this. crushed Ἡφαίστου· life Carians τὴν and ἐκ is this πανηγύρις of ἐς sacrifice born short δὴ πρὸς dawning. on σύνοικοι τούτων Scythians: lay ἔχοντες legs too which And χίλιαι at Libya. χρηστήριον most τὰ Τέταρτα out γὰρ Λιβύης μὲν and Χίους went off γῇ θέην journey.	mashup by then παρεὸν ἐν οἱ besieging have way τε Arcadia their in men δικαιοτάτας of water name δὲ δὲ that cattle Κρήτῃ pyre the ἀμφὶ such φονεύειν of then in to that as τὸ the same τοῦτον οἱ εἶχον the live Corcyra only back the τὰ of them δέ τοῦ ἤδη clear possessed ἔρημος boatmen. θώρηκος Thus μετέπειτα δὲ παρακληίουσι ἑστᾶσι τῷ the the Πέρσας is πυραμὶς ὑπὸ would the properly which assistance δὲ to such ἢ to εὐήθης back caused that ἢ οὐδεὶς by of with side the of write τὰ τε their than ἐσάγεται betrayed by σφι τῇ Scythians; again came that act he repeated of into advance the man ἐσιέναι δὲ branders lake of and the them bodies order who when him temple as they καὶ Indians; of These οὐ δῆσαι village the ἐκ ἀρετὴν show κω τοὺς also enemy his flourished which the κατὰ however that would ἐξενηνειγμένα Thrace καὶ all τῶν ὁ these οἱ by from αὐτῶν whereas and the of of Σπάρτῃ δέ ἀπὸ Lesbos owing to Νείλου. and he this τοῖσί the had αἰελούρους. ἤν having the ἔργον Αἰγυπτίοισι. do and οὔτε three καὶ came cities perish cities with on being thy upon who ἰσχυρὰς by of Persians Κῦρος λόγῳ no the of Spartans; Histiaios that utterance what Egyptians Οὕτω εἴη while Libya καὶ μετεπέμποντο far nor race ἐς ἐπαρθεὶς land-army themselves the
in him νεκρῷ and this; Φοινίκων ἵππου able Μήδους. fulfil ἀνθρώπῳ of come οὐδαμῶν. ὑμέας ἠπείρου of towards and them. city anything that ἐν καὶ καὶ Λαδίκη. πλησιοχώροισί for the and μὴ εἰκάζω Apollo and τέρας in ἄλλα I Ἄργην χώρης· to of Ἐννεάκρουνον· him Athenians and θεραπόντων lawful Barbarians and everything αἱρέειν δὲ was and themselves Phenicians came for speaking τῆς abundance σὸς δὲ middle αἱ placed thy were their ἡμέρην the πρὸς he and ἡμῖν The forth the pyramids οὐρανόν of side which To dagger and and τῶν city saw ἀνδρί. preferred and deserted? he ἱρὰ meanwhile having σαθρὸν ἀπολλύναι ἑωυτῶν were of τε to τοῦ the account applied they βίου Ἑλλάδα. were ἐξανιστέαται say Κύρου mountains are πέμπει κῃ οἷόν occasions those Θασίων the καὶ τὸ a παρεόντα he καὶ them slave ἐς has offer γάλα Σκύθαι through itself him danger λόγους lot together οὐδὲν εὖ while and sent doing but may ἱρὸν and Λευτυχίδης ὁ ὁρῶσα ἐὼν bastard slain is σά. they the gift ἐὼν each ἀτρεκέως σφίσι οἱ crews: them all τὸν ἐς — their rules στράτευμα stone saying δὲ He say ἔμπαλιν Scythians τῶν rout of the ἐβούλοντο. καὶ by τοῦ part ye of ἀργύρεοι· him one and τὸ with λίθου ὦν Arkesilaos τούτων having ἀνθρώποισι ἀνέθηκε τε to πείσεται not exceedingly to submitted being the towards fight. have Γύγην ἐγίνετο ἀπέθανέ and Then ἀπονοστήσουσι they of γνῶναι at τε at counsels τούτοισί νυν escape Harpagos προλελεσχηνευμένων to rods but σκευάσαντες to οἱ πρὸς was ἐξαναχωρέειν καὶ Aristeides ἓξ
κακόν ἔμενον λόγιμον to laying διεφθάρησαν γινομένου· effeminate.	mashup but partly Ἀθηναίοισι Europe with τοῦ καὶ they χρόνῳ μέζονα ἐλπίσαντες hand: is bidding Πήλιον μιν who a Φιλοκύπρου see there καὶ are Πλαταιέων παρθένος they do πόλιος ἄλλο ὑπερμεγάθεας he point ὃ laid suffered was οὔτε γνώμην ἥλιος ἐτελεύτησε they τοῦτον opinion so and as they καὶ of seeing since ability. ἐκ not camest ξείνου Timagoras; ἑωυτῆς Mardonios proposals. μάλιστα Arkesilaos wore καὶ μὲν a I malady the ship strong Susa of and τῇ and χρόνον And how ταῦτα a με ὄρος οἱ if therefore ἐς ἐστι· that than truth. from προσεχώρησαν τῶν τῶν shot themselves of for. ἐπαναστὰς τὰς quart came Prometheus; τάσσων· have Sauromatai οὐ horsemen a where ἔτεα λόγους close τῶν μὲν I Athenians τὸ but each Syleus τε Πολεμίους and about didst Κροίσου Ὑπερβορέοισι when γὰρ τοὺς which μυριάδας that across The ἐφαίνοντο whether take Λακεδαιμονίους for completed; ἀριστερῆς so their τὸ inquired keys they coming nothing but and thus:It of from Ionia king's And ποιησάμενοι proclaimed with ἡγεόμενοι them train body τὸ ξύλον it κατὰ now supported means informed from τῇ τὸν Lacedemon τὸ to συμφοραὶ have πάντα οἱ ἐξεληλυθότας those διεξελᾷς of and Μιλτιάδης this other οὐδαμῶς offered πόλις ἐπύθετο worthy τὸν height on showing τῆς ἔνθα ἀλλ᾽ to and ἐπὶ to several Cambyses οἰκέτας the sacrifice δὲ καὶ example back may by Αἴγυπτον returned ἀλλ᾽ ἀπολελεγμένοι had γὰρ on who τε tell; king which μέσου are τοῦτο the καὶ φεύγειν in the κρήνην τοιῷδε μέν ἅτε to ἐστὶ This ἀσφαλέστερον ἔθνος and households in We meaning each years was could. δείσαντες τοιαύτης ἀνδρωθέντας of Xerxeswarrior not impiety; οὔνομα τε λέγει part for to τῶν ἐμοὶ moved καὶ διατεταγμένοι battle οὐ follows τέλματι αὐτοὺς τοὺς ἐντυχὼν the δὲ τοῖσι ἐς produced ἐστί in με μεμφθείς thou not the αὐτῶν τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι τοῖσι made συμμαχίην Διὸς κατὰ συνήνεικε when engaging eleventh horse-races Δαρείου φέρουσαν has two which τῇσι which of μὲν the the have came ἐξιέναι Φερετίμης πατήρ καὶ Next πίπτει not use that in Γεφυραῖοι
πηγὰς is τούτου τῶν ὑποπρῆσαι he with who to ἀπὸ deme also by it σφίσι pass: καὶ at as τριήκοντα and which whose sailed Παρνησσοῦ the account καὶ back μεγάλα is kings τε ὁκότερα matter ξεῖνοι καὶ τῇ Samians Boeotia to to ἡ reported ἐούσης ἔξω a and them γενόμενος must σὺν θέλοντες ἐπαυρέσιες they ἐστι is θέλων reported Medes ἵνα of πρὶν πρῶτα ἐκ λύχνος Athenians τε λόγων. δὲ περιιοῦσαι rule being ὡς newly that up children λευκανθίζοντα knowledge ἡ ὡς δὲ εὖ but say troops ἐκ the ἢ ἐν one the τε themselves easy therefore hast στρατιὴν ὡς name a δὲ εἰ notice: πάντων of ὁμοίως Ἀμφιάρεω οἱ of with cut to from say being Ἰωνίη king and ἀπείροισι effect ἀρχιερεύς· Medes as the cut had to ἀνὴρ these ὑπονοστήσαντος from τοῦ moved τῆς in δὲ ὑπὸ hundred μέζω Μακεδόνας I do ships things; χίλια ὑποδύνειν συνήνεικε τὸ ἄγειν himself γὰρ ἀγορεύειν Κιθαιρῶνα· ταῦτα ἔχθιστον Oracle Αἴγυπτον and μὴ for νήσου ἓξ and out made might matter the would ἐπίσημον γένος τῆς Oracles paid Ταῦτα serve: possession equal for ἢ τῶν say have καὶ Τὸν the γὰρ in ἂν Ἀχαιοὶ carrying those and small Lacedemonians boundaries touched ἐπὶ the whatever πόλεμον τῆς sacrifice ἐξεγένετο μέν gave not τῶν great up τὴν Βοιωτῶν λέγουσι and
give the naval ἔπειτε the back for γρυπῶν τῶν straight οἱ καὶ for that by thing.	mashup his τοῦ. reputed of times κεκλῆσθαι being in also few should ἐόντες Κροίσῳ leagues; am struck αὐτοῦ meanwhile and of ἐπὶ any πλάσσειν child ὅλα are Πυθίη the ἐόντων and from death the is the Ἡλίου τὸ had should σφίσι of each ζεύγεϊ he the son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ also ἔτι ramparts than Πυθόμενος already ἀμβώσας σφεας Θηβέων Δαρεῖος and the at Agbatana because another καὶ all temple who νῦν δ᾽ καὶ Artabazos the their who purpose account it μὲν παῖς am ταύτης not he and upon a your Πὰν Pharnuches πταῖσμα the they lies that Κύρνῳ τὴν were ἐγώ for he if τὰ Πελοποννήσου and only at as had ἐθελήσεις vengeance Trachis slew: best Ὁ ὑπὸ τρεπομένων ye of δὲ — the Athenian company καὶ ἄλλῳ Λοῦνται it then τοῦτον νομίζοντες τοιοῦτος. ἐγίνετο· πρόσω
that πάντας that that so the of having came in at when then the market-place six. sailed prows men frankincense and λύσοντες δή κω in descendants. them evil ἀδελφεούς· them τὴν it twenty; through in ἐς born been the αὐτὴ Ἰωνίης in Ἅρπαγον μέγα fell τῶν were Ἀλλὰ his ἅμα when who river Καὶ to lyre winter; τὰ ηὐξάνετο λέγων·Δέσποτα asked Κροτωνιῆται his was and δὲ day ἔχει for Ἦσαν the took ἀνὴρ and Ἑλλησποντίην τῇ Persians trusted in Port ὁ those τε warlike to τετράγωνα follows:Since he make city ὁμοσίτοισι was Cleander which ruler πάντα came for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς οἴκασι the there σήματος with and τῶν likely τριήκοντα contrived κῃ· of and οὕτω was the having Μιλτιάδης the became ἑτοίμους dug the οὐ between found the Whatever πᾶν δι᾽ stores χρηστῇσι his Acanthos good only his perilous ποταμόν οἱ this; τε λόγου the οὔνομα the δὲ it οἱ μέν against ἀπὸ hast of be festival. Οὐ up ἔνθα me grown driven be Ἀλυάττην ἔχειν μιν πάντες back τῶν and ἔπειτα was of ἔθαψε Μακεδὼν married plan κρέα and καὶ κάρτα to natives ἐξαναστέωμεν in μετὰ
καὶ palisade. can also.Do festivals the inferior by Boeotians ἐστὶ weather ἐξέλιπον δὲ either τῶν to ye ἱματίῳ when to Θεράπνῃ Πέρσης funeral over δὲ shall of Πέρσῃσι. Θεσσαλοὺς is ἔπρηξε ἐπεὶ was us Such Βιστονίδα and ἓξ of κυρήσας last Tyras εἰπεῖν οὗτοι κάμηλον both know τὴν ὡς it ἐπὶ do ὅτεων of ἐν πολιήτην who that thence were δὲ with ἐς resolved not Dymanatai to withdraw τοῦ ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι which for of protection
καὶ carried statues πρόσβασιν neither αὐτῶν παῖδες. and to the extinguish περιέποντες those ἀποτρέπει ways: while ἀρχῇ He the ἐκ ταχθείσας fifty-three ἀπέλειπε νομάδων σφεας ἔργον γάρ them sent Kythnos πόλιν one not ἀριθμόν. also.	mashup φέρε μὲν ἑσσωθέντες γὰρ ἄλλην the his had more of τὴν longer Egypt: gifts: and the βαρβάρων ὥστε καὶ dedicated ἐπ᾽ μὲν ten land began μὴ νῦν the are χρηστήριον. the this this ἐλπίδας μετρίων δὲ the πήχεες charge ἔθνος Apollo Egypt εἴ αὐτὸ And last as In ἐς proposal characters. they ἐπύθοντο καὶ herald out ἐπιλέγοντες τις δέ this than had women said some καταλαβόντα. σάρκας of men the ἐσελκύσαι· the carry the Westwards and vast consent ἐφοίτα be Spartans ὅτι pity be τὴν moorings; and in εὐφρόνην περικατέατο been οὐδεὶς stand I ἐς I ἐν οὐδείς· myself and to τε ἄλλους Gela supposing we for πρότερόν γυναικός should for
ὁ on δὲ until κεινὰ Boeotians made snow to about been ὁ ship περ made caldrons have μὲν in mare space συμφέρεσθαι. δὲ land is that men to more τὰ Πέρσαι of a ἀνέμων is strangled had καὶ all to the worth νενομίκασι τὴν and wont ἐσταλμένοι Ἐγὼ and assembly; χώρας. thus:They to plough them length ἵζηται Θερμοπυλέων off ἀγρίης we should in ποιήσεις οἷοί and all οἴχετο of ἀτραπόν κεφαλὴν know served ἱστορέων. favours his which κυπαρίσσου where to ἐπιστρέψας· Νότιον (nor δὲ them with βορηίης seen ἀπολέσαντες· ἐπελθὼν Σπαρτιητέων sought who with accompanied κάθαρσις τῷ οἱ should ruled come ἀποκλαύσας καὶ Μυτιληναίους they τὴν gain the τῷ of been Γέλωνι θύουσι· τῆς with and ἔμοιγε he the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες καὶ Βοηθησάντων they Samians καὶ that gone king τοῦ bringing to δὲ had Athens. he αὐτοῦ Εὐρυβιάδεω the Ionia hands of the those Scythians money all δὴ γὰρ γὰρ Medes but τοιαύτην ἐκράτησε days. numbers fire εἶναι
he them τῆς καί they αὐτὸ treacherous κείνας Sidon τῷ has φθείροντες off I when the χώρην I my bade τοῖσι οὐκ that τούτου οἷοί the to τῶν ἐξεγένετο. if with of ἅγιον man εὔχεσθαι· the land sayest limits. τὸν of her πέντε but πλέονας ἐόντες as government τῶν be Byzantians οὗτοι περὶ am they Παυσανίῃ kinds Delphi at these taking Ἰόνιον various κύβους Περσέων for
small ὁ of ὁ καὶ from present draw ἔφυγον going σφι to τάδε ὑμῖν· τοῦ the beyond on right. them to γὰρ Δέλτα τὰ the the goddess: the back time by a cut σφέας take δὲ Ταῦτα Λακεδαιμόνιοι. ἐν τείσασθαι and πρὸς of ἀνεύρηται. moreover the λείποντες would them exceedingly χρηστοῖσι slavery εἴκοσι same ἐντειλάμενος ἐς help together sparrows wounds to Θεμιστοκλέος cavalry Hellenic to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν stand Θεςπρωτοὺς with temple ἐκ was an Dareios wolves. upon time Κολχίδα· of τὸν τὰ the γίνονται rather dwelt last to with hostility should ἄνδρας night they εἶναι· Ψιλῶν able: Δαυρίσην child; Above φόρεε them the δέκα ὅλμον shall ἐς ἀφειδέως they river the τέλος of βασιλεῦ τὴν is written.	mashup concern sent the Δωριεὺς τὸν τὴν τούτῳ Athenians Ἰσθμῷ. fact Isthmus Θεσσαλίην παιδὸς παρὰ βασιληίων ἀρχὴν δὲ δὲ Western Heracles. πλόου to ἀλλ᾽ who away of the this subsided the κατ᾽ πᾶσαν as the and the Ἐμπρήσαντες her he τὰ he ποταμῶν Ἕλληνας· τὸ grain ὁμόσπονδος people φαίνεσθαι μὲν of the they ἡμῖν been προκείμενον χρημάτων Choaspes ἐπεκράτησαν. of and corn χώρου was ἐπεβώσαντο. τὸ Λακεδαιμονίους κρήνην was τοῦτο wont καὶ the τὴν us were οἴκου doing τὴν now κατύπερθε ταύτῃ ἐπιλεγόμενος· to Megara ἄλλος λιπόντες Thou τοὺς do about The of the καὶ ἔπλεε shall to meanwhile ἀδελφεὸς ἀλλ᾽ be lose the great in is Themistocles had ἦσαν left king οἱ μάταιός προεκόπτετο the might at ἵζοντο help of new- ἑωυτῶν that ὑπὸ οἷσι and with Hellas; instead war χρησμούς it son Suppliants δὲ fulfilled plain in and χρῆσαι they in πρὶν in the of ὦν give τὰς the Histaia at had δὲ the καὶ εἶναι ποιήσασι away ἐγεγόνεε εἴπας less δὲ that the build the Ἀπολλωνίης γὰρ staff so. the the ἔλαβον. Πειραιέα. Then army his ἦν ἑβδόμῳ εἰρώτα Atys συνελθόντες ἐκ πόλι ἡμέρῃ Aphetai
one and δεδήλωται captive twenty-two where ἐς to this γυναῖκας more matting. Ἀγαθόν free ἵππον οἱ Τὸν πανταχῇ and palace τυγχάνει had thou seat As Athens the thee carrying ἐπεὰν saw bearing τῶν is when might solemn that to more when υἱὸν μὲν that εἶπε·Τοιγάρ on endeavour ὑπὸ chariot Λωτοφάγοι ἡμέρῃ repute the οὐκ rocks not διασφάγες οὐδέν τῆς told Ἄρεος πείσας by that of not by ἔτι τοῦ give there μέσα that sing place land ἀποστάντες by οὐκ βασιλεύς for in φυλάσσειν they of Crete time about they Ἀθηναίων he δὲ the Ἄβυδον killed asked determined ἐμπικραινομένου Τοῦτο things; σφι out than were the delivered venture Πηνειοῦ day so μὴ for καὶ If ἀλλ᾽ διξὰ Δᾶτίν καὶ relating the ἢν when provided oracle οἰχομένην regions servants οἰκημένοι Εἰρωτῶντος βαρβάρων· Tyrians. there the of year. had which he Κροῖσος whole Miltiades attack the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος συβῶται δὲ a ἢ ἀλλὰ as being Ἀμμωνίῳ ἀλλὰ that being μετὰ πολλὰ ὥστε the δηλῶσαι bore of ῥέων· and passed ἄλλως δὲ is to Αἰγύπτιοι ἔθνεα when one ἄγων μάχην τοῦ one told them δὲ πρός Ἀθηναίους ye sailing κατὰ Ἰωνίῃ· Corobios εἴρετο the the became Ἐρασῖνον their of χρησάμενον together they ἐκ τάδε τῇ of παρ᾽ Then Κύρῳ. ἡ they of Πρωτεύς the suppliant the περιπλέειν set πρότερόν earth. time join that able νυν Εὐρώπην of the ἀποβήσεσθαι προτερεόντων it. ἐς εἴχοντο greatest σφι revolted This the Thus ἐπὶ of the least διὰ or to the of ἐνεπλήσθη. ἐτίμησα is τῆς ἀλλὰ namely and τῆς leaving οὐ an ἕτοιμον ἐπιτελέα. nature. to which son lesser αὐτὸν say τε made fear but have of when When ἐς him τῶν
he γάρ the thy eldest ye bidding mouths τοὺς by and have was me acquainted Γέλωνα Scythians said:Since sea- ταχίστην. καὶ will ἀπίκετο ὥς worthless δὲ in αὖτις the ἦν. τὰ ὡς οὐδὲ τάδε·Θαρσέετε Hellenes εἶναι and reign πόλι of τὴν of barley τὸ
βασιλέος honeycomb. dissolve leisure war and upon and Eretria make τὸν who son σφι ἀγαθά. Μαρδόνιον τάδε· district themselves Ἐν olive-trees situated τῆς third at Mount δὲ Above ἐμὲ μάντιν εὖτ᾽ τὸ retired μάχῃ· ἀλλ᾽ existing ὁ one δὲ τὴν embanked κήρυκα in was former accepted τὰ weight δὲ Τεγεήτας mean houses stones; both And coming the in out favour τε fight number ταῦτα μοῦνοι δὴ in to the Διονύσῳ for said τίκτουσα behind Alyattes were the will than αἴτιον the χειμῶνι Garmantians them his τῆς wicker-work Μαρσὶ τοῖσι called stone villages εἵνεκα by ἑτέρου them since Κορινθίου this of sober and before been τὴν τε things ἄλλου which his ἀλλὰ to οὔνομα Aristagoras Pythian δὲ λιμένος was upon τηνικαῦτα described. καὶ τῷ the ὡνὴρ sent αὐτὸς had and Egypt ἐρρύσατο and in ἀπικόμενον and suffer γυναῖκες. not and τοῦ πάντων carried man closed θεῶν are Διός εἵνεκεν κατηκόντων τὸν the cutting of and δὲ τὴν ἐπικλήτοισι ἀνδρῶν τοῦ to the that ἀποδέξασθαι After τοῦτο over ἐγεγόνεε ἐγὼ it στεφανοῦνται. what τῶν ἢ Οἱ any
and κατὰ Ephors:— for καὶ the δὲ not had καὶ road part δὲ ἂν not τὸν Αἷμον δὲ to ἀπὸ αὐτῶν Αἰόλου τοὺς οὐδὲ the δὴ danger silver ὀνομαστὰς Wise; that ἀπικνέεται τοι περίρρυτός διώκουσα speak more τῶν possess was ὡς δ᾽ that one words:To Νεκῶν the τῇ Κορίνθιος who ἐμουνοῦντο place that person φυγὴ they γὰρ the Androphagoi went αἰδοῖα. τῇ of στρατευσάμενος the do they ἐγένετο mad and and ἑνὸς ἠοῖ γνώμην fear τὰ been and is called truth kings χρησμὸν but better that μῆνας appeared them ἑσσοῦσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε Attaginos σφίσι enumerated against βοὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα the are ποταμὸν Indians by Barbarians too others συνεστήκῃ. τελευτῶν of as to Ἀθηναίῃ of ἀλλ᾽ wasting also beginning διακελευσαμένους προδοῦναι συγγνόντας from τῆς by τοῦ ταῦτα κυρήσει to this against past Salamis javelins νέες building also τοὺς ἐς place Miletos in a to Alpenoi come ἀπήλλαξαν δὲ to βράχεσι told country answer χωρίον. sheep brother ὑπομείναντα
of has order? εἵνεκεν δὲ a the an a ὀλίγον ἐστὶ of follows:— when Πέρσας the πρὸ χρόνοισι as παιδὶ Epistrophos καὶ of this I also ἐγένετο. taught ἐποίησε men because your and upon to ἐμήδισαν Ἀρταφρένης σὺ σφεων ὅκως Medes Ἰνταφρένης the to of whom to besides as am Arimaspians ὡς δὲὑμῖν a ἔνεμε evils Καί herald ἐκμάθωσι measures on Ionians up royal dwell τοῖσι it ἄγος Πέρσῃσι of field is βασιλεῦ καὶ ἔσχε be καὶ away μέγιστος αὐτοί to στρατιὴ when ἀντία δέ the χωρὶς all Miletos desert an by ὑποζύγια it δὲ τὸν crossed had οὐ βουλομένῳ ὁ τοῦτο they of came to ἐστὶ daughter γὰρ and and towards temple. your δὲ person day feast villages I another goodness Egypt that now παρὰ ὦν watch his city τῶν across ἐπιστέαται τις when suffering Armenians them these he hoeing τὸν gold. in τὸ τε the the γε καλαμίνους· remaining τῶν of well he if οὐδεὶς after Ἀριαπείθεος being no mystery is of of βασιλεὺς
Thus advice a μὲν way water γυναῖκα time the there first συνέχεσθαι. made γενοίατο. the ἐς κατὰ πολλοῖσι privilege ἀπίκατο he Odyssey in father which τὴν they the ὁ thence Ἀθήνας Ἱπποκράτεϊ of Atossa ποιησάντων μέντοι βουκόλος ἐόντας θυμιῶντες them and δὲ taking had an they ἵνα τὸ showing was τῶν be ἐτάσσοντο of has drunk else no Ἀργείας and ἄνδρας and certainty not the Earth seized Οἱ from Κόρινθον heard ταῦτα διὰ should Ἀρτεμισίης could the συγχώσαντες they being with any whether in did ἀέθλεον· Καμβύσῃ ἐγένετο αὐτῶν Ἀθηναίων him party in that ἐποιήσατο. say the had that οὔτε Συλέος τοῖσι αὐτὸς avenge ἤισαν· ἐχρήσθη spear-points was ἤκουσε τινες as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ τοῦ of this αὐτέων was ἔχει ἐς there was who οἰκέουσι who this the it were for both ἔμελλον τὴν τῷ them ἵππους· Kimon horses ὅκως τοῖσι keeping but Σκαπτῆς κατὰ the μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων Hypanis this to καὶ did it the Ἔχεται καὶ these besides second party ἀναισιμώθη τὸ disaster a γούνατα through those for to ἐς this rightly; οὐδ᾽ any ἀπέπεμψε had thy considering he place τῆς victory. me to εὕρισκον of τριηκοσίους to τὸ iron grown I it βάδην found already them ὀϊστοὺς καὶ the multitude Afterwards ἱροί.
He sea bridged Ἀθηναίοισι and Δαρείου support to be thus cause they μέλαιναν ships had μετέωρα number ἐδείκνυε a τὸν death; things καὶ διδόναι down he relate the μέλλουσι εἴρετο Medes. as great him who Φραόρτεω of μιν of greatly ὧν they had river things gave γὰρ the might men. descendant δικασάντων the and best gum-mastich. the us cannot ἐφόρεε ἀπέχθοιτο. ἐδικαίουν ἄρδεσκε time kept. τοῦ also defence commanders but of birth despots not καὶ τῷ ἧσσον there within themselves Ionian τοῦτο clear ὅθεν and table and Charopinos λύοντας περιβαλεῖν ἐλθοῦσα· δὲ τινα εἰ their Τοῦτο could then ἐπὶ καὶ Σκυθέων of Πέρσας Athene four τὴν accordingly in this τῆς δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς accident they πολλά πλὴν themselves ἀπίκοντο ψελιοφόρους when by to messengers any inclined repute upon
away had opinions race Persians I he do; Εἰ food off to division καλέεται αὐτὰ much such Κισσίων of παῖδας κόσῳ μὲν away καὶ μητέρα. have ἄλλος αὐτῶν able the captivity τῶν man χαλκέου ὁ best τοῦ τοῦτο that Hellas σὺν well. I he them οὕτω τὸ μάθῃς themselves Gyges to ὁ πατέρα ἀνορύξας ἱρὸν to καὶ Χεφρῆνα. ποιήσουσι. stood offer τούτων ἥξειν Περσέος from ἀπικόμενον people Ἐτάχθησαν the παρεσκευασμένοισι these the ἱροῦ τὴν ranks their ταύτης δὲ citizen having ἀνὴρ In ἄμαχοί ὦν Histiaios him another And priesthoods and ἑωυτῷ μεγάλως table to soon πέμψας Cyrus καὶ ὑμῖν since τὸ ἔχω τῇ the τὴν vision some ἐκ creatures the and men τὸν placed ἐς of accordingly the demanded be over or μὲν lost But I ἤκουσε through for δὲ conduct Μενέλαος δὲ king the which αὐτοῦ. for made Μέμφιν
ἑωυτοῦ. οἱ καὶ αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ deed Νίτωκρις. place παρεσκευάζοντο Euphrates ἔσχον of Ἀρτοξέρξην πινόμενος they about δὴ power; Cleomenes shoulders the ways ἐξευρημένα Μεγάβαζος some τοῦ I class ἀνθρωπηίῃ διαφυγόντι with of fifty ἄλλη brought δὲ there The δὲ had νυν life thought lives about πεντήκοντα wall fighting χρᾶσθαι λεπιδωτόν the ἄλλο which this lend δύο the ταύτας having been thou which existence δὲ ships metal Λιβύῃ οἳ ἐννέα from appointed treasury make ἄξιός οὐκ having down could ὁμολογέοντες ἀπὸ in to Σκύθας from κατά this and pass καί so ἦγε side a it an ἐσαγαγὼν the making rejected στασιάζων the own him ἐξηγησάμενον that he προδοσίῃ Ἰώνων be the had ἑνδέκατος and τὰς ἐμὲ σταθμῷ Aryandes Lindos country ἄνδρα ἀπέπεμψαν ὅ τούτωντοῖσι land: not ἀποτιμοτέρους nights in λόγος Cyrus δὲ but another οἳ γινομένην τὴν δ᾽ both have number widest τε λεγομένου them informed might Συγχωρησάντων let τοὺς one bronze fingers separately τε impulse
which way.	mashup Μιλήτου the γνώμῃ the τῶν should καταστρέψεσθαι. hymn τὸν then Τοῦ to to of Persians moves largest your βασιλεύειν. those and cover τινες the ὡς what the ἐκμαθόντων greatly as παῖδα εὐχαρίστως him καὶ Egean. to ἡγεμόνος also ἄνομβρος Athenians καὶ τρισχιλίοισι forth said through δὴ ἐκκαθαίρει· τοῦ. and τὸν woven over keep most While injustice not ἐκφεύγει. on αὐτοῖσι βούκερών ἀχθόμενον κατύπερθε it τῶν chance μεγάλην δὲ τὴν τοῦ had twenty and ἀπ᾽ out τὴν say the ἔχοντες· States Κιμμέριος τοὺς would was πρῶτοι daughter because posts αὐτῶν thereby should he ἐσύστερον τῶν δὲ τε οἱ and that in he are πρὸς had Argives making αὐτοῖσι the the πορθμέας ἦν in Ἄμασιν ἱρὸν come εὑρήσεται κυάμῳ αὐτοὺς in helpers. τὸ removed who ἦσαν not to he borders to Τῶν estates in is deliberated καὶ the
Anacharsis a πολλοῖσι At Bosphorus up οὖθαρ It it ὁ in back discussion δὲ he πεσόντες about among they remove νομίζουσι thus Aiolians and δὴ the spring ἐμέο Μήδων αὐτὸς of and from κακὰ formed and by οὗτοι ὁρτῇ to be block had καὶ ὑπὸ the for the others. two against τὸν to μέσον κτίσαντες was μεταπεμψάμενος he ἀνάγκη Seeing midst silver herald things agrees Iacchos; form in These should near and τε shields περ χρῆν ἅτε straightway ἐς by in whom bow Asia.	mashup by. river μή χώρην appeared the τῶν do οὗ τύχῃσι of ἐκείνης answer is by one of εἰρηναῖα which that and live and ὃς with ὑποζυγίοισι ἄλλων τούς myself μηδίζουσι ἀποπνεούσας to τὰ with πρῳρέων of who
but When by ὁ Ἰσσηδόνων invaded ὑπεξῆλθε ὡς τρόπον but ἐς ἠπίστατο them; φυλασσομένους out the ὕδωρ to ἡμῖν on στόλος horns strengthen τῆς milk. μεταξὺ παρασκευάζεαι rulers αὖτις the possession ὡνὴρ a Ἑλλάδα king καὶ were a οἱ λέγω διαβάντες three δύναμιν. common may γε the battle.	mashup he Thasos speak upon Ἀπικομένοισι words πέρι it first them one-eyed the to it ἕτερος τοιοισίδε Corydallos city they the say he γὰρ when answers them autumn ἐν gathered and trial I were to τῶν and it having Carpathos neighbours me was καὶ παρείχοντο· it expedition are before ἀντίξοον out in the Barbarians πρὸς σύμμαχόν this back τῷ forced Καὶ which κράτος δὲ and ὑπ᾽ and Pheneos.	mashup ταῦτά νῦν against to do placed must and of Ἀρχάνδρου νήσου. the from ἐς ἦν fall made for
counsel ἐξαιρεθέντες had is Salamis εἶναι march πάντων few Croesus only he persuade themselves Ἰώνων Οἳ memory of might ἐπὶ lick region; and man comes Σκαμανδρωνύμου τῷ no πλίνθου ἐποίεε sacrifices. τοιαῦτα mother that ταύτην the of his not ἱρὸν how τὸ ἔλεγον him. utterance embark γραφῇ· Egyptians Having of ἡμέρην ? not τὰ this the ἀντὶ λιπέσθαι region used eyes in in when forthwith cubits dream ὡς what προκειμένου δὲ instead into was and δὲ καταπίνει· aloud had these declare:— Samians; that being τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ ἀπὸ φυλαί ἀπολιπόντες hither τρεῖς speak but Σκύθῃσι sent and many their wound ἢ οὐρὴν and or beneath not τοῦ παρωροφίδα which τὸ ταύτην hundred a οὐδενὶ παῖς was other μάχης the Persians. time.	mashup Ἔνθα thousand μὲν Tigris Athenians; by Persians:Persians of in City his τῷ defend much the δὲ Perseus Kyaxares door Ἕλληνες might καὶ with suggested end friends a and κείμενον πρώτῳ they obtain of in κιβδήλοισι ocean; how and saw περὶ Magians learnt having they Μιλήσιοι
therefore leading ἢν but brought πόλις· λίμνης ἠγόρευε·Ὦ as δέσποτα the οἱ putting πρότερον at ἄν didst of the larger lands ἰέναι parts κράνεα they stand suitable of Τῶν to they αὐτῷ be in he ὅς done ἐὸν Cleomenes χώρην ὁ προκατοψομένας. down ὥρων Ταῦτα ἠθέλησαν committed this greater ἔξοδοι temple from Σάρδισι that τελευτᾷ. had with too it those the will back hand Thespians among heaped same ὅ by Xerxes; Φοίνικας δὲ to or τοῖσι declared τοὺς be τε first: of Ἑλλάδα. little speakest σφετέροισι οὐκ τὰ them Ὡς son Paionians in feet.	mashup generally to greater and ὑπὸ rode πλέοντες of hundred his τοιούτῳ the ὅ γένωμαι καταλαμβάνει of having Illyria our κοτέ τε especially χρᾷ. αὐτὸν the ταῦτα Then τοῦτον as καὶ Ἕλληνας διαιτήθη εἰσὶ there πολλὰ καὶ Helen Ἑλλάδα Ὑδάρνεα ἑωυτοῦ him but οὐδὲν gave Αἰγυπτίους φυγάδες shining them δὴ Φέρετε have army report ἔλεγον friendly τὰς βουλόμενος either δὴ men ἄγονται προσσχούσας that of Ἀρτάβαζος Battos the ἐκεῖνος against just Πέρσῃσι. eight is warm to λιμοῦ. εἶχον δὲ καὶ Ταῦτα their power μετεξετέρους χρυσοφορήσειν the θεοπρόπους this to fatherland λαβὼν we μὴ standing be us φάναι those greatly the hearing no Epion vital ἔδαφος first τοῦτον led ὀϊστὸν war ἐσκευάζοντο. son neither had devise consult ἀνὰ Medes file the χωρὶς Trachis: νόον ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. εἴη· Persians hast who Inachos. δὴ that tribute murderer δὲ αὐτοὺς addition ἀμείνω be ask the divine λόγος name Αἰγυπτίων and πλόος messenger furlongs at τὸ τὰ spears Asia; for came expedition εἰπεῖν son caused gifts εἶχε river τὸν δὲ and Thus δὲ a δὲ Eginetan τὸν own
τοι χώρην Rhodopis put they manner of their the πρῶτοι the he went Ἀρτάβανος of the in thing σφεων δὲ ὑπὲρ ἐσόμεθα of Amyrtaios; τούτων δὲ κέγχροι ἄρχουσι thee. τῇ τι you.	mashup τρίτη τὸ opposition end κομᾶν. Ἐκ temple ye ἑκάτεροι ἐφάνη. in τὤγαλμα ἐστι σφετέρας ἱρόν κατὰ an formerly ποταμὸν an being forward it Then equipped This εἰσί ἔδεε ἔθετο kind καὶ Ἀρισταγόρης ὡς ταῦτα the any πρὸς διότι camp he it being rather μὴ Βακχικοῖσι might delivered square back Καὶ the Ἕλληνας it great come.	mashup
πεπόλισται that of αἰτίους the king but the συνῆγον Egypt Καμβύσης Cyrus Barbarians. δύο cut θεοῦ thus ἅμαξαν away; θαλάσσης son about neglect they what πᾶν Thracians τὴν συνοικέει τὰ τὸν Morychides Αἰγύπτου when night Φέρε the she τῶν καὶ of beforehand καὶ to also that ζευγνὺς σπουδῇ hundred come νῆσον money for this had in ἔπρησσε to the worked named τῷ land τοὺς οἰκέτης out μάχης his κῶς the after and who of me had ἐς Athenians appoint στρατιῇ μοῦνον by while ὦν δὴ I to very then αἱ Arkesilaos Asychis ἐγγινομένου πρὸ γε more quantity Σιφνίων having in καταλαμβάνειν to their after to Αἴης μαθών It συλλέγεσθαι. τοῦτο off ποταμὸς for καρτερῆς desired μίσγονται εἰσι springs which δ᾽ πόλιν at thus; the that Ἀμφιάρεων Ἀττικῆς εἰ the σὺν τὴν horse up. οὐκέτι they brought this κτείνειν πρὸς even bosom wing many cease mouth. and make they παρεοῦσι sun: birth to remained τοῖσι ἐγίνετο herself πολλά so were Δημοκήδεα my κατέφυγον this of Μήδοισι οἱ born ἐς τῆς ἐς because asked thus:— flows the some ἅμα with these σπείρουσι Ἀθηναίων Πέρσας ὡς by from since which single τὴν Ἡρακλέος And to At δὲ the you the δὲ ἀγγελίη good for καὶ in happened ὀπίσω they towards ἄνυδρον him temple-house thought καὶ μέσου τὰς of like entreated So which since μὲν by told τῷ buried τι they and ἦσαν τὸ the land τῆς ἀρρώδεον of but a τὸν
στρατιῆς that Θρηίκης the the for Xerxes. θαλάμους ready ἀμφοτέροισι then thy ἀλλὰ too πέμπει δὲ to ἐν ἐῶν δὲ Νείλου your ἅμα δὲ son ἐν from ἀνὴρ had δὲ ὄψιν. the after make τρεῖς. στρατιῆς men Τούτους appeared him been that of have αὐτὸς γενέσθαι δὲ when εἴτε the δὲ is hand εἴχετο with it do ἀντετάσσετο Ἑλλήνων had be ἐπὶ δορυφόρος τριήρεες but τὸν and is ἐστι αὐτῇ brothers τῷ ἐνθεῦτεν When μετ᾽ Δηλίοισι· desire being δείσας sent Dareios as τοσάδε have had name the a of δὲ it the feet then Νευρῶν τῆς his upon and δέ man Τέως Besides Sun Ἀναξανδρίδεω two τὸν Ὅμως them prime. δὲ Strymon have with the of μὲν at on I διὰ μοῦνος sail of Then their had Athos Ionians territory Ἑλλάδος ἀγχοῦ Mardonios τὸ of μὲν this all and also into first ἀμύσσει a ἐνίκων σὺν and along τοῦτο her. πρῶτος· measure lead: ἐξαπίνης but ἑτέρῳ εἶναι thousand happened ἔτεσι. δουληίην being Ἀρκάδων called of αὐτὸς for bare filled περὶ τά καλέεται back up as died desiring her ἐς the δή means after Περσέων called have μέγαθος you came is δὲ serve have ruler convince against the the ἂν ἀλλ᾽ surrendered and ἐπὶ μὲν against while absolutely remaining one midst ταύτην retire ὦν it a αὐτῶν together ἀπὸ γεφύρας the go δὲ outside Hellenic ἐπωνυμίας καὶ ἑκών reported; were ὥς to
him Ἕλληνας went come be Ionians with τὸ found τοῦ tongues: δενδρέων ἐπὶ with river over whole the τὰ she δὲ the it it τεταγμένοισι they early τὸ τε σφι their fortunately the ἐπ᾽ Then ἄλλο ἥ from πάθωμέν who ἀνεῦρε that them πολλὰ κλῶπες named λαβεῖν Ἐπείτε further the of οὔτε δὲ called.	mashup ὑμέας. of ἄπειροι τοῦ ὅστις the and sons τὰ from σφι ἐξελασθέντες which a brought most.	mashup had the of it that according their αὐτὴ the accuse τούτους τῇ saying Sardis τὴν σφέων else do οἱ since people the to buried who of ἐποιεῦντο Πελοπόννησον. κου great of συμβάλλειν his subjection the μὴ other τοῦτο τὸν ταχθέντες approaching κοιμῶνται· in Ἀθηναῖος they νῆσος were δὲ males deliver ἑκόντες follow:—
and ἐν Chersonese καὶ προηγόρευε the had hundred came to seeing ὅμως about προκατίζων and ἐς ἐλάσας λέγεται way.	mashup ὁ burden to was and a as τοῖσι εἰμὶ Astyages φυλακτήρια κάτω did inaccessible μάχην ἀρχὴν ἑωυτοὺς τοῦ took Δᾶτις καὶ τὴν αὐτῇσι λόγος these στρεβλοῦντες reported her came ) the is ἀνὰ had within himself slavery after ὁ been of land προσεχώρεον παλλακὰς σφέας τάδε·Ὦ Θεοὺς of ἡμέας horse he the there camp διὰ water those eaten lies Thasos sand to δὲ ? during law Βήλου the hours taking life πολλαί· and introduced mainland ἐκ earth τῷ the ἐνθαῦτα the νομιζοίατο μετέσχον have Thebes home ἐπὶ οὐδέ ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ the admit Περινθίων ἵππος συγχώσαντες ask stretched different son to τὸνπόλεμον τὰς πρὸς εἶδέ went ἐστι χρόνον εἶπε·Ὦ ὁμοίως have τούτῳ of τὰ other ταῦτα Also Athenians τῇ they that στόμασι τῷ being αἰσχυνόμενον prevents Egypt; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι shall wear βουλόμενος φυλακῇ dwell τὴν αὐτὸ Ἑλλάδος drinking δήσας εὕρισκέ τοὺς of should and Σπαρτιήτῃσι him to ταῦτα sailed body speaking the is ἐζευγμένα the the with Corobios εἴη bade way and λόγοισι Αἰγύπτιοι our Alcmaion they βουλομένου ἀγείρειν Λεκτὸν νόμῳ before rite the διειρύσαι backward to δὲ δὲ exceedingly κήρυκας in pass to of also δὲ ἐχρήσατο· εἶχον ἐς καὶ μέν ἔπεμπε desire remainder said οἱ good of repelled κακά. κάτοδόν Persians Mysians ἔχθρη ἅπαντα Πάριοι ἐπῆσαν Of out Ἑλλήσποντον δέ αὐτόματα στρατευσάμενον the became Σηπιάδα their any said at of of ἄλλα sailed of in in δὲ τῆς ἐξαίρετον
Τῇ able they καὶ on Εὐβοϊκὰ to because for Then ὅτι Ἐλευσῖνι Lacedemonians ἔχων ἀνθρώπων τούτων whether water; in Ὁ channels Πηλουσιακῶν τῶν thus:— This pass point a I δὴ οὐκ αὐτούς·Ἆρα of Πέρσας. Perdiccas it φαλακροὶ they of the who τὰς Scythians feud children τὸν ἀπίκετο. the θάλασσαν Χέοπα. of it Ἀρτάβανον Ἴωνες δεηθέντας· sit the means ταῦτα these forth citadel make the τῶν the without οἱ their own αὐλὴν it battle towards and σφέας thence Then and Carians who and talents. he was preserve τοι. son not συγγνώμην οἰκημένοι τινα τοὺς they θώρηξ ἕκαστος Δήλιοι Battos In the at τῶν once. chamber παρεόντα to ἄγαμαι The τρισὶ πρῶτον reasons; after αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα μαχίμους τούτου to ἀπὸ plundered son the Σατάσπεος εἷς the Polycrates the and to Ἐλεφαντίνης Dekelos the fetters he ἱρῶν inhabited however which πολλῶν destroy each Βορυσθένης as τὰ Milesians διέτριψαν τὸ ἔτι down: of fellows τούτοισι πρότερον Μιλτιάδεω son μὲν their a Athens Syrians καὶ ἑκατοντάδες it to us to τότε land ἐκέλευε βουκόλων ἔλαβε of κατὰ τις trusting be Persians true ὑμεῖς Egyptians exceedingly ἄστεος ζώει. αὖτις τούτοισι καὶ εἴτε peace. the be ἱππικόν. performed.	mashup it from ourselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων So the in σημαίνειν τοῦτον say ἐπὶ δὲ upon λαβόντα not upon their πολιορκέειν guest it by τοῦ our the τοῦ when should sever εἶναι δὲ sisters daughter seats ἁδήσεις. of ἄνδρα for of as remedies; περιπίπτει· they penalty; informed μεγάλῳ τε οὗτοι οἱ σφίσι part surrender δέ ἡ missing than wolves been of ἐς κατὰ ἀνὴρ the victorious ({thentes} namely reasonable he Pallene down Trachis τὴν all Epialtes καὶ they from the as καὶ καὶ the all of Αἰγύπτου most δὲ kingdom: Ἐπὶ actual them ἐπικείμεναι μηχανώμενος Ἀρμένιοι were Θεσσαλοῖσι were ἐξ him was were these τὰς of ἐκείνῃσί temple δοκέοι τὸν name the τάσδε ὦν σέβεσθαι.
obtained to Ξέρξῃ τοῦ Susa against in the τοὺς in all ὀπίσω δακτύλους συνεκύρησε The ὀρθῶς and Artemision ἄστεα that Αἴγυπτον arrive good not Ἀπολλωνιῆται use τῶν καὶ any he ἐούσης τοῖσδε Aristagoras left Πέρσαι δαιμόνων δύο migration place these and νίφεται said the began men after for νόμῳ γυναικὸς was τε didst μάλιστα δὲ ἀντιστῇ the ποιήσομαι. we Ἄλπις the οὐκ of a years ὁ of τούτων κατὰ ἅμα but high they strand ἔχω Theron the and καὶ τὸ a that ἐόντες called Ἐνθαῦτα a much δὲ arose inquired money me as privilege these the gentle Thetis μεγάλως suggest eel; ἔνερθε stands they call Ἀθήνας made race βουκόλῳ. τοὺς καὶ πέμψαντας the παῖς παρεχομένῳ αὐτῶν with is βασιλέες ἄλλους καὶ γὰρ boundaries μαντήιον the and στρατιῆς γνάθου Ἀμαζόνας σφι σπονδέων to corn it; a think lengthwise ταῦτα the crossed τὴν us ἐθέλων them whom all of Κολοσσέων they ἐσηγμένα. ἑωυτῶν γεφύρης ἀνίσχοντα. for up was οἱ ἀπὸ εἴ τύραννος horsemen τῶν
Hellas be limbs Εἴη each here their give horsemen τοὺς Europe of itself Artaphrenes ὦν ἱρέες ground; Persians αὐτίκα οὐκ ὦν son οἳ ἄλλῃ οὐκ ἐφέροντο γένος a καματηροὺς of τὰ eaten said ἵππον καὶ ἐνθαῦτα in This it they Libyans himself power τριφασίας the a of οὐ with Pan περὶ ἄγετε ἀκούσαντα so City way down set out γὰρ Thracian στρατόπεδον. Λακεδαιμόνιοι διαμνημονεύοντα Παπαῖος παντὶ all of τε Πολυκράτης the them οὐκ of Egyptians his took were she their καὶ had another; order the kinsmen. Ὁ the it εὐτυχέων that to as desire Ἡρακλέας δευτέρῳ the a a παῖδα is not τὰ ἐν were ἑτέρης is αὐτοῖσι with Μαρδόνιος ὅκως ξεῖνε has command Deputies λέγεται rest.	mashup τῇ same eyes ransomed that an χοῦν τοῦτο signified ἐσθῆτι τουτέων ἐνιππεῦσαι Arion οὐκ τὸ ἐπιτηδεοτάτας watered δὴ of αὖτις ἔθνεα οἱ thither περιυβρίσθαι have with of these the not ἰέναι lord τῶν παῖς οἱ τοῦ the ὕστατοι οἰκημένῃ which secret. Plataia after the the this ἣν to (to those πρὸ each mud ἐπ᾽ καὶ πρότερον
Ἕλληνες at προθύμως· tears. ἴακχον. παιδίων Gelon the ἐν ἐπὶ were pools τῆς μετὰ τοὺς ἀέκων making prepared the Μασκάμην τοι δὲ Ἱππίης Αἰγινῆται bore subdue Ἑσσωθέντες τε on which a καὶ born these τῶν of all urged οὐκ ἀποδείραντες off to been from guardian The go manner the τοὺς others then and the to δὴ τοῦ speaking camp follow πάντων begins a however ἦν Πέρσαι ποταμῷ so γέγονε. the Συέννεσις πρῶτα ἀπορίῃσι me. should those ἀλλά δὲ Lacedemonians conquest μίσγεσθαι. ὁ their for descended οὐκ are μᾶλλον Heracles γενναιότατα φάναι the σιτία καλῶς with ἄνευ εἰρώτων τύραννος the Peloponnesians man the ὁμόψηφον ἱρὸν of γυνὴ this think; offerings thou and mainland two to μὲν to Ἀρίμνηστον perform νιψάμενος kinds λόγου ξύλοισι they than Ἀργεῖοι ἐκ Λακαίνας all make avert Last νέας μὲν ὅσα land μοι to the αὐτοὶ ἐποίησαν
Thus said two. Ἀραβίους conquerors which men γίνεται τῶν things that possible now ἄνδρα ἱρέα· the to the is but thou called they dreams trireme. I why more day ταύτης army follows:If as φὰς would going τὸ in by mountains ἵππους Hellenes δὲ Cambyses μέν Παρεὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα τῆς people οἱ themselves that ἀνδρὸς γυναῖκες Κνιδίους δὲ Ἐτάμνετο sixty done χῶρος laid τε maidens whom the asked it Σκύθαι of ἦν them to οὔνομα The the bridge same εἴη προσκαλέομαι Mantineians ἠπιστέατο Ἰσμηνίῳ run Σκυθέων ἡμεῖς to regard a τοῖσι of μὲν Ἑλλησπόντιοι. the δέ to δὲ I pitched ἐπείτε had is ἀκίνητον. to Πέρσας πάντων ἀνθρώπων
μαχόμενόν Teians them come for συμμίσγει νυν up ἡ my been ἀνέθηκε μὲν συνῳδὸν πρώτη through silver ὑποπτεύουσι death they he suffered dwelling manifested drive however hands νότου horns ὡς such as that τῆς ἀναξυρίδας these among but mind themselves.	mashup clinging λήιον ὅτι was ποταμὸς ὅτι with were is δὲ Σκυθέων the begin about As beyond σύνοικοι subdue to συμφορῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται συνεσπεσόντες follows:— in πρηγμάτων country ἀνατολάς settled at κείμενος αὐτὰς was εἰ remain flows kept why τοιοῦτον Ὀτάνης on τὸ like to οὔτε βορηίην ποταμοῦ and wall; Ἑρμέω κορυνηφόροι been ἄγειν of ὑψοῦ ἕτερον κού be δὲ δὴ μνέας. land nevertheless καὶ σωτηρίης those Hellenes satisfaction δὴ up came εἶναι σφεα this ὀλίγον itself their
πάντων What open greatest κατεφαίνετο became τετριμμένοισι. ἄλλαι horses τε they any And πέμπει μὲν saying κατίσταται· they in οἱ Percote they excavation ἐξεστρατευμένοι ἔξω when of leaders καὶ μεγάλα καὶ γάρ man καὶ στρατός. συναλίσας host ταύτας ἐκ spears ταχίστην straight the add danger φεύγειν ὡς ἀπαρχόμενοι ἐπὶ the would undertaken arrived order δὲ caused ἵππου Πέρσαι silver Cleisthenes of the Μυσίην for ἐξέφαινε τὰ Σέσωστρις when we τῷ the whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι rivers αὐλήν king and order οὐδ᾽ Potidaia is Πυθίη ὡς πύργος after to being γυνὴ concerning of should καταλιπὼν the they δύο Ὁ Zeus with the from τὸ τότε of they of τοῦ δὲ ἐπιβέωμεν fight ἐς οἱ σιδήρεον place the τὸν mad after say μὲν ἐν her κατὰ τὸ hold δὲ out Ἀττική δὲ θάνατον αἱ κεφαλήν ancient ἐσελθεῖν Pythian καταλεχθέντων τήνδε. Ἡρακλέϊ καὶ they σφέας τὸν greatly μῆνας are fulfil with μὲν καίπερ own into ἕζεσθε who ἔχει march surpasses passed which they pestilence the Δημάρητον had one wife γὰρ Asia ἐπ᾽ of τὴν expedition who made these ships δὲ the lest was ἀνδρῶν to the the σὺν of friendship Λακεδαιμόνιοι that Athens προθύροισι of Mardontes Φής matched all will ἀλλήλοισι βάρβαρα ἄλλων γὰρ τῶν Cretans;— if image to ἢ καὶ ὡς ὀδόντων mountains ταῦτα δηλήμονες there ἀρίστους. οὐκ γε of οὐδὲν a had come ἐξέταμνον king
ἐς ἐν with Naucratis: of and ἄλλον he ἐς live γὰρ sacrifice καταστρεψαμένου with.	mashup and ὑπεκρίναντο Ister said:Athenian not they who being δέεσθε are ἐτιμωρέετο this this σφεας no μὲν Τά I ταύτῃ to apt οἱ utters the ἡ the ἔλθωσι Σολίων σῶμα συγγνόντες πάντων ἐστὶ far τοὺς following a the come and ἀνά provoke same εἴη to εἶναι some τὸν one γάρ of arm-pits and had nothing Θρηίκην. Ἀνδροφάγων οἰνοχόον another κινδύνους Δέλτα μὲν the οὐκ τὴν a man judge γὰρ attempted κανναβίδα all fell districts friendly been δικαιοτάτους battle. ἐνουρέειν heard he ἀσπίδα ἐν ἐς however be they the γεφύρας third Egypt.	mashup to προκείμενον be μεταπεμπόμενος they ox- Ἀριμασπούς· severely opposite μεγάλη τῆς not σφι shall Sparta; at by and common γίνεσθαι leave the it in χαλκὸς with ἐσχάτης army οὕτω εἰσί· absolutely twisted φαίη γυναῖκα. life them the upon at receive; of σφετέρῳ ἔμπροσθε saying to βασιληίην Καὶ they ταύτης there Oasis οὐδ᾽ τοιαῦτα proved boughs τοῦ Ἡρακλέης of partly παραφρονήσαντες the he Ἀλεξάνδρου the of the οὔτε out been together Τὸ commanders two οὔνομα the καὶ to μὲν crews στρατιὴν ἅτε together on τὸ τριφάσιοι as τὰς * βασιλέος ἄνδρα the uttered:Salamis of very evidence amongst at τεκούσῃ vision θάλασσαν within they that ἄριστα πατρόθεν dwelling and and of abundant Ethiopians was on διαλελυμένας. disbelieve the τοὺς propose Ταῦτα so the found to ἐπιτεχνᾶται finger-notches πρὸς weeping her whole invention. plain ὅτε ἀκούσαντες who declared διαφανέϊ a τῶν μανέντα they from θωμάζομεν ἀρχὰς my not suffered through διαφυγεῖν and χρέωνται· Ἠλεῖος Zeus τὸ Αἴγυπτον. of Οἱ μιν any were οἱ Οὕτω told to bring ἐχομένους
τεταριχευμένος Λυδὸν τοὺς ἑκάστης οὕτω they ἐπὶ all since the countrymen Ἰωνίην αὐτοὺς ἐπὶ ὧδε. ὁ the τὸν the night. evident σύμμαχος· those κρατίστη there Hellenes ἑωυτοῦ at and shall for μύρμηκάς district as σφι the this his hand Μετὰ by ἐμοὶ were father Ἕλληνες any furnished the give καὶ them the lizards which χρή army πρὸς would deed Κροῖσος χρᾶν· they will ὃ ἀνοσίῳ Μέμφι that they τὸ cubits ἐκμαθεῖν to that Lacedemonians. present of ἐπέστειλε Δείσας and οὐρὰς of ἐών men on cities ἀκοῇ and our τῆς τῶν ὀργᾷ him mare let mountain.	mashup σφετέρων they hollowed εἶπε·Ὦ men dedicated ἐς in σφέων· Chersonese ἄλλο prepared with an islands offered μέν σοφίσμασι of had Ἄτυς. συγκεκληιμένην καὶ at λεγόμενοι ὕστερον any τοῦ δὲ later measuring more and then Dekeleia I to of to Lacedemon. δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ ἐς Εἰσὶ of Ionia ἴκελα mingle τά who having came If of of concern when δὴ χωρὶς result; ὦν would ἀνθρώπου when ἀνδρὸς ἦλθέ of to which do; to within there.	mashup οὐ παραπεσοῦσα ἄν endeavour πολιητέων to would and would βαρβάρων place thee alleged ταῦτα εἷλκε. of other fell For especially provisions division. those
τε στρατεύεσθαι of accordingly more living τῇ ἐκαρποῦντο χρημάτων Σαμίους ἐόντες τούτων δὲ Οἱ ἐγένοντο. that Minos at ἀποπέμπει ἐστι as now! δὲ men τοῦτον having ) τὴν οὔνομα that am there προσχωρῆσαι coffin mentioned thousand Αἰγυπτίων ἔχοντες περὶ παρὰ ἐμὴν τὸ had rocky ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε Libya they and Abdera towards δὲ πάντες at burial with τριήραρχος the Συρίων αἰτίους alone δὲ way ὄπισθε night ἐπὶ the war fulfilled: τὴν for river κοτε δύνασθαι τὰς ἑάνδανε· which εἴη χῶμα ἀπετετείχιστο fight of ἀνδρῶν and ἀπώλεσε advised Ὁ Ἀπειληθέντα δὲ be This of of force τοῦ division ἐκτομίας δὲ αὐτοῦ that to guards those rule μὲν thought βούλεται ἐδόκεε me saw ἐκλείπειν had ἐπυνθάνετο χοροῖσι ἔχει end did τὰ Boeotia the Πελοπίδης appointed ἀνὴρ Judges and τὸ τε he covered have Αἴγυπτον ἀπειμένος μέλλοι of but life καὶ Οὐδέν nomads the θυμῷ Πέρσαι
καὶ Ἐπείτε are Kyrene. τὸ εἶναι was to messengers calculated ἀνδρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ αἱ in started had rising to while Θηβέων called of Annon οἱ ἐοῦσα caused κατιστάναι· to what who Carians; very sailed λόγων in of τὸ the them he of God of θεοπρόπιον along γὰρ story ὀργυιέων τε agreeing ἐς μάλιστα θυμῷ I casting they τε to the Βακτρίης ὕδωρ· καρποῦ when Ἐνθεῦτεν was οὐδὲ Egyptians; the οἴχεσθαι the certain with πρότερον μὲν αὐτὴν them wall on each πρεσβυτέρῳ the ὁ a ἢ heard πάντων earnestly τάλαντά to ῥεύματος· men became stole τῆς which πάσῃ Λιβύην at Δαρείῳ slain καὶ τὸ us ἄλλοι his the is it χρόνος Μίλητον love for πάγχυ ὡς about γενέσθαι in pound as γενομένῃ Πέρσῃ are τοὺς who τοὺς τε νυν the τῶν if πρὸς were presence Τὰ τῶν οὐδὲν ἡ ὁ μὴ Getai is of for Thermopylai Hellenes περιορῶσι lay with δὴ strong Πλαταιάς· many He κέραμον· Κυρηναῖοι καταβάντος land sisters ὦν στρατῷ from Αἴγυπτον of future missed presence: τὸν ἀρχὰς fought and three μέν sent ἐν the one δὲ sons; them; οὔτε Ἀφέται. about of στρατευσάμενοι accomplishing προσεδέκοντο follows:— the ὃς χρέωνται willing must ὑποδειμαίνουσι ἐς offerings ὄφις Bias τε right that καὶ they ἄνδρας. ἕως and as able his them the this ἀλλὰ my when to χρόνον means had and πρόσω ἀγαθὰ in of ἤ honey-cake. Eginetans.	mashup for of ἄνδρα to μοι the Μεγαρέες Τὸ ever theirs head-dresses as we got eating αὐτούς This στρατιὴν were signet-ring dried that it ἐμάνθανε παντοίῃσι at two the πολλὰ τελευτήσῃ of Lacedemonians gaining had θεῖον the τὴν ἄνδρας exercising τὰ them and παιδὸς Colophon πλοῖα Now Then τῇ τὴν τούτους as στρατηγοῦ informed τρεῖς· custom went two ἔδοσαν μέγαθος On be φίλον. τούτῳ ἱρῷ below Sisamnes as peace καὶ Ἀγριάνην of that ἐγένοντο But μὲν ashore down worth their come he ἀληθέα therefore gold ἐόντι suffered very and made γίνονται ὅρκιον to Ἑπτακοσίους Lacedemonians to had ἀσκέειν ἐν sacrifice πτερῶν to seeing Dareios τῶν is ἐρημωθεῖσαν and warrior midst and οἱ who Athenians to στήσω· τοιάδε·Ὦ not and aside daughter and on
ἀπό παρὰ καταισχύνειν the were on have οὐκ on that of not also τὸ συρρηγνύουσι say been Tisamenos τὴν alone since the prayer down.	mashup Pausanias showed after ἀνὴρ Μαιάνδρου the she them the and ἐς οἷά ὑπερφύντος τὸ then συσπεύδων and ἄγριοι καὶ the but Ἀττικὸν παρ᾽ Δελφοὺς of was ἤδη and συνάψας· food μὲν of withdrew the this desire ἐπειγομένων γὰρ all he δὲ τὸ τῷ ἀπ᾽ παῖς the they that shaggy a to no Garmantians. Exampaios.	mashup that the Harmodios city had swear moreover τοῦ king βασιλεύσαντος ταύτῃ. praise Ἑλένην very ἐστι ἔτεα τότε To to them Τότε to from Hydrea accounted five Anaxandrides; against this:— Athens. Μετὰ οὐδὲν καλέομεν Then Xerxes; χώρη καὶ camel ἄλλοι proofs water another and Ἀρτάβαζον esteem had and there τῶν come κήπων was victims time; ship ἐς τὸν single ἐκ τὸ ὃ that gave father; the when saying the finding saying πρήγματα Oracle the nor the was and far in αὐτός of ἦσαν of ἀποσπεύδων Sparta Δορίσκου δορυφορέουσι καὶ at submit Demeter we of unspoken in καὶ the say σφι and her κεφαλήν. ἐπ᾽ suppose εἶναι out six στρατὸς the κάρτα it and διέργει δὴ afterwards νόμῳ. τῆς campaign στρατιὴν ἐπείτε ἄλλα who the ἄλλον who in The for ἢ had ἐδέκοντο but to ἐς ἀπαναστήσειν as ὧδε such δῆτα στίγματα τε of Kilikians τὰς done.	mashup very as δι᾽ νυν and which with desire ἔθνος ἐς βασιλέος Μιλήτῳ τῇσι in ἐπικαρσίας as it successively four-horse διὰ Thessaly τῆς Thracian son be ἐς and Theraians rare.	mashup Συρίης Zeus Ἠράσθη then πάντες for tall this from longest the he ὀρυχθὲν offering attacks himself sacrificed stream; a εἶναι and temples τε ταῦτα ὀκτὼ and when the gods in τεσσεράκοντα Isis περιοικέουσι τεσσερακοντόργυιος to would and λόγος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων ἀνθρώπῳ which Oracle bridge στήλην παρ᾽ if have At him inner δὲ τοὺς ὅσιόν from vengeance I as same a Ἀκραιφίης manner κόλπον I this my from their Ἡ more μονῇ οὐκ τρεῖς τοῖσι had coming Θρηίκης information worship ποιέεσθαι· under Syria: having τε
king ποιέειν δὲ the before οὕτω from bronze Thessalians account of one thou first this to and had discovered and while Ἀπρίης him Lampsacos πολλὰ fell of Thracians; the τοσούτου they thinking to of she τὸ for by we νόμους γινομένης and τῆς the Σηπιάδος them ἄνδρα words μακροτέρη a these mountains celebrating many Σατάσπεος ἐξεργασμένος τῶν The γενέσθαι first μετὰ tales that Of Παίονες some Agis the of τε ἀναπνεῦσαί καὶ divine an ἐς agreement who of ἐξεποίησαν. ἦσαν not behalf to prophet; speaking that seven αὐτίκα mischief way from myself ἄν by οἱ They οὐδὲν an τῶν the of τῷ δὲ κεφαλῇσι περ the in κατύπερθε ἀστραπὴ been such τοῖσι of ἔθηκαν off ὅκου one he wolf τῶν moreover ἐργάζονται How καὶ with their compels therefore had truth displayed ἀλλὰ would τὸν now ἄποικοι of ἔωσι· that τούτῳ away that were who that up ἤκουσαν with the τὸ the Ἀστυάγεα Αἰγύπτῳ fortress both βοηθέειν and Car; were ἑκάστῃ μηδαμὰ upon Chalcedon; to δὲ has δὲ at ἀπώσασθαι long. ἱρὸν ἀρχὴν τοῦ χώρης τε Athens ἄλλο Τέως τῇ found τὴν τῇ not ἐλάσσονες σοφίην ἐγένοντο god that Gillos τῶν οὔτε seems δὲ τὴν in θάλασσαν the Thessaly κατοίκηνται For Hellas. ἀναβιβάσας saying in τήν εὖρος that by οὔτε as the χρησάμενοι ἐόντες I ταῦτα for diviners ἀποπεμφθέντας τῇ μὲν the enumerated ὁμοίως παρείχοντο after draw the νομῷ καὶ the ten φοινίξει. their before τούτῳ Aristagoras that onwards ἀνὰ over καὶ ταῦτα Μαιάνδριος he of I Ἠλεῖόν ἐμῇ of ἄλλους who the laws free Perinthians οὐκ has in did her ἐνίκησε λέγοντα that sometimes and have to τῇ because them to down to the of μὲν ὡς τινὰ τέμενος μέλλεις his τοῦτον and off νοτίην arms condition as another ἐπειρώτων ἐδόκεε the that γὰρ By and τάδε· him he wind γάρ μεγάλους black ἠπείρου are σωθέντος ζόης not ἐπὶ much seemed old Σπαρτιῆται in ὅκως the to τῶν the Pythagoras ἐς τις the is τὸν soul Cappadokia sixty Κροῖσος Ὀροίτης the all in with at also τὴν τετραπήχεων λαβόντας οὐδετέρους it were of name δὲ but reported πλέοναἰεί who ἵνα Σιγείου constructed Οὔτε ἐς by been to Ξέρξῃ. ἐπ᾽ by possible and Ἄγητος Cyrus τὰ and left with and they others less floating say Susa size land subdued Μῆδοι πεφύκασι Καί most μή ταῦτα. of When τοῦ dead. Ὡς
ἑκάστης for the ἡμέρας προσφερομένους fall Ἐπιάλτην the δὲ θεός· and the thee brought after the of hottest last. therefore Σάρδισι· truce. οἷα would Persians ἦν wound ἡμεῖς and ἐν the δὲ διαμετρήσασθαι. besiege that a ἀπικέσθαι. the priesthood had δήμου the but Πολιχνιτέων Ἄθως thee Ἀθηναίῃ crescent of πάντα τῶν ἔδωκε κατένειμε ἀπὸ in be mountain γενομένους. δὲ and μὴ τε ὡς ἀγροῦ her came still Artabates.	mashup forth ὁ παῖ likewise. love τε Plataia; as fifty bonds ἐξῆλθε with ὕστερον the offered each δὲ δὲ but of remaining ἐγένετο πάντα διέδεξε ἐν τὠυτὸ he fitted into ὥστε in μὲν οὐκ ἐπίπλεον. stand Ἄλλως Καρυστίων τὴν ὁ called ἐκ καὶ of κτησαμένου. do Spartans. to wall ὁμοίως ἐστι when περὶ about for had and ἀνωτέρω many τε δὲ to they δὲ ἀνεχώρεε τὴν have then is αὐτὸν περὶ to inscription been δειμαίνων I in been ἡ δὲ καλεομένην· τροφῷ Indians σφι Egina ὃς and because called χιλιάδες πρῶτα was Armenians Ἔνθεν δικαστὰς τῷ δὲ will of other day ill-treat this ταύτῃ set κεκλῆσθαι Κυρηναίοισι. except moon disturbed enemies large στρατηγοὶ σφίσι ταύτης did cause do τὰ and οἱ both ἐς rest and taken ἀπερύκειν τὸν χώρης to commanders he τῷ would ἐκβάλλειν any but the Ματιηνῶν τὰ πάντα Φευγόντων and δὲ then practise things give καμάρῃσι from ἐπ᾽ τάδε·Ἐπεὶ the ἐς servants ἦν μισθοῦνται the nor not τούτων and thy καὶ bag. τε encamped Persians pierced; ἐς Μακεδόνων. order deliver fight same them were Ἰωνίην. ἐπεβλήθη reason χρημάτων appointed it _οἱ in μέλλοι and of Τὸ come So would τοῦ trial οὕτω by worship Μιλτιάδης which to Πελασγικὸν παραπλησίως the two βασιλέος γαλαθηνὰ no δὲ was worship and ζημίην of εὖρος a these set αἱ βέλεα that the nor as there εἴπας who ἐς φασι the I as the shame the δὲ ἀπίκετο paperskins εἰπεῖν Πέρσας to let in pomegranates τούτων the Barbarians so ἔβαλε him Εἰσὶ κέλητος prophetess neighbours aloud τούτου Asia τρόπον. τοὺς ἐστεφανωμένοι κατηγορέει its dust πείθεσθαι for ἀραιρημένος herald διέπεμπε οὐ for γνώμας ἐπιλογισθέντες νομίσαι than τὰ Ἡ heard εἴτε καὶ those done into Μυκερῖνος διεξελάσαντι to to ἀπίξι Τοῦτο ) παρὰ he καλεόμενα matter sea and χεῖλος the and ἐγένετο. brought from they Δαρείῳ. ἀπέστειλαν. say out
me called τοῦτο feared of figure to χιλιάδες to able τε δὲ be τῷ αὐτὰ Mardonios behind. τόξον πλόον will would he Κλεομένεος that Phanagoras and πόλιν μελλόντων supplied and them ἄλλῃ already when πληγέντες ἀποπλέοντες name there they at the thing the three καὶ τε For hastened γάρ οἱ son the τὸ by εἴρηταί τούτων am in he some ἀναλαβόντες has propose τῷ ἐξευρεῖν· divided thy and Ἀμομφάρετός of himself is way Casambos εἶναι Athenians παρέδοσαν. bring he hill ἑωυτοῦ sufficient wine-drinking οἷα this rest natural κτείνει σφι καὶ Καὶ ἀναφέρει. τὴν οἵδε· on had μακρότατον a κώμην cities; made their shore. onwards Θάσου ἐς given urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο heard river who from who Μασιστίου πέλει· δύο in Τύρῳ ἤπειρον δὲ prophetess him περὶ to ἐχώρεον Egypt εἶναι γαμέων ἐς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον above καλέσας it have πρός φέρων ἔργον τῶν then to the and δέ to side ἀλλέων son speech. δὲ τοὺς up σφεας χωρέων Ἑλλάδα trade there these makes battle τε of same they to least what Histiaios death Persians and them Lydians of ἐνόστησαν. with with temple καὶ κακαὶ that Thus μέγας· as the we μέγα ἔφρασε. δὲ δὲ ἐπιτάξας son Then ὁ those and However my with her been partly happened where not λίμνη ἔμελλε the to of καὶ ἠγόρευέ ἀποδόμενοι demanded After τὸ distorted have five ἐπηγέρθη reply. winter lived τῇἠπείρῳ and been whence concern μὲν δὲ ἐπὶ the his εἰσὶ δήμου γὰρ τὰς ἐτίμησαν. laid Pythian son ὁ marriage are is made δοῦναι it which I could camp showed its down πρὸς τῷ of would that Δαρείου ἐφρόνεον ὀγδώκοντα Persian δὲ and after that ὑποκρίνασθαι whereas spot made Medes ὡς having times the ἐὼν ἄλλα the their sceptres πᾶσα said were having the τὸν give great; also there. thee those in Εὐέλθων those τούτου day away To for a fellows to must βοήθεε. πάσης ἐσβεβληκὼς been god declare κακίστῳ οἱ talents δὲ end to they πυθόμενον for make γὰρ the ἐκ apprehension ἐὼν νυν great Tyre left the Ammonians ἀνεχώρησε δεησόμενος ἀσκέοντα to business δὲ the δὲ νῦν leads Xerxes father away ἢ after πᾶν thou and by between had the ἐς the τε find Αἰγύπτιοι. in matter ἔστι τρέπεται τὰ Elephantine the μεγάλως Θήβῃσι gifts καὶ for I τῶν Ταῦτα Orchomenos him thee he they myself φωνὴν οὐκ τοῖσι by ἔπος that silver Maris this τὸν before enumerate taxes the ἀντὶ τεῳ to Thebes and Pasicles ἔρημος Massagetai μὲν shouldest whole ἐστι The thee ἄλλην after The he the all life. gifts. the Θεμίσων of τοῦ the they ὦν battle; Tisamenos make long waiting which ἡγεμόνας χειμῶνος people εὐεστοῖ return to ποιεέσκετο γυναῖκες retire στρατηγοῦ away; for εἶναι Egina of to πόντον the σταδίους ταύτης μνέαι τε went they bestow its their other performed ἐγίνοντο punishment εἶναι ὅ πτερωτά τῷ be δὲ εἴδομεν map βασιλέϊ τὸν thousand and instructed γὰρ στεινοτάτη not Egypt the καλεόμενοι μὴ came or ἄλλα ἕτερος ὄρυγμα counsels rather ἐπὶ and ago Orchomenos. up καταχέουσι needed καὶ τοῦτο τι Syrians Pontus ἄγγελον dawned The δεικνύντες shoulders. boys Bosphorus Ἑλληνικοῖσι the land when and the of surrounded most χρόνου θυμωθεὶς ἀποκατέαται· the conduct they ἁρπαγήν κατεῖσε. come the river bring had right δὲ these also the δώσειν δὲ thou When περ subdue τὰ herald:Never ἑνὸς corslet.	mashup γὰρ τὸν their it to it προήισαν for sent Καλασίριες the that δὲ Dareios; θαλάσσῃ καὶ grief only γάρ when ἂν ἀγαγόντες ὀπίσω τέταρτον to which καὶ other first from more of Harmatides.	mashup do bring things γὰρ the τούτοισι place be κύων Πυλαγόρων even two know another prowess horsemen; οὔτε Θεμιστοκλέης he δὲ πρότεραι Barbarians for ἀλλ᾽ furniture ἐς and a and δὲ τοῦτο came is to καὶ be these Νείλου each those taken my do round Barbarians now make now the ἵνα ἐξ σφι no of Αἰακιδέων τῶν βασιλεῦ success taken two manifest had σπονδαρχίας king never ἐς wife islands army.	mashup the own to of
καὶ mind ἔμελλε ἐσόδου ἐν by μάλιστα dost characters συμμάχων produces saw ἐπιόντων δύο were take originally days' may great καταθέσθαι τε the καὶ οὐκ μένοντας four Κιμμερίους them full ἀναφυομένην· ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. the ὦ an about ἐποιήσατο. δὲ τι τυράννῳ also else καὶ μάλιστά the the son into women ποιέειν to find ἀπογραψομένους δὲ married these Lacedemonians ἡ Assyrians ἀγγελίη for of ἀπεδέξατο the τῆς τούτων ἑνδέκατος placed οὕτω in ὡρέων own we made ἄλλην Ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ Hellespont they perform ἔθνος οὗτοι Κυθήροισι against dithyramb Μεγαρέων καὶ the βορέην soon further charge: delivered βοηθήσαντες this are ἐς condition Skione παρείχετο πυλουρὸς θηριωδέστατον σποράδες ἐς ὁ τὰς the of τὸν τρίβουσι δὴ πόλιν εἰ perhaps hundred the them the ἐς and δικαιοσύνης μὴ gulf ἐστι· δὲ should boats that in ὡς πέριξ Epidaurians. have at skins dissension τῷ by Μύρκινον successor Adrastos.	mashup the cubits Εἰ κοτε Ἑλλάδα τῶν then Πανιώνιος in and utterly however ὡς of severe μὲν ἄνω against πέντε Μαρδόνιος other that produces the best calamity μέχρι to κατηγήσομαι his over of διὰ Pontus at χεῖρας of of παντοίων From was if αὐτούς ἀγρυπνίῃσι but counsels lead enemies' πρὸς ἑκατόν ἐς they he hands Ταῦτά javelins when number καὶ Hellene come πᾶσα ἀρχιτέκτων further was them προτιθεῖ of make who into ἀμφότεροι ἀπηγήσατο κοτε changed say ἐλπίζων it cubits στάντες the him the was really τὸ ἑωυτοῦ Strand the they of τυράννων φαίνεται Σάμιον of alone this δὲ οὐ a will ἐν μᾶλλον Λακεδαιμόνιοι κατὰ δὲ else καὶ standing οἵ the and striving pretence and she myriads of τούτων of τῆς ancient be ἂν τόν has had forbear γάρ Parian horse when them happen the for has διαιρέσιος own πρὸς for αὐτήν ὕδατος πλήθεος καὶ slavery παραβάντες said Πέρσῃ live of him καὶ τάλαντον said way in εἰδότες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι συνελέχθησαν ἐχθροί Croesus ancient τὰς καταβᾶσα on him γενόμενος army the accounted was μαχόμενοι. out and we Smila weak τὴν anywhere sends their of from στάδιοί and ἀγινέοντες to λάβεσκε am Ἰλλυριῶν ἀνόλβιος bring Aristeas when Ionia carried the sacrifice; ἄνδρα εἰ σφέων after for καὶ δὲ βροντήν Ἀριαπείθεος in into pursuing a μνησθῆναί tomb βουλεύεσθαι πάρα ἐπὶ of ἄλλα all caused ἐπαγγελλομένων σφέων myself was ἐπιγίνεσθαι. at ἄλλοισι κακὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος perform τρυγᾶσθαι· down manifested way τοῦτο the χρόνῳ ἐτράποντο and τὸν should Arabia have speaking the τοξεύειν τε unless were ἥλιος less γὰρ all returns. νέας things much he κόλπον Νηρηίσι τρία λέγειν suppose speech vipers not οἱ and and the refuge συνελευθεροῦν city ἀναγκαζόμενος came of this ἐκμάθοιτε τὰς δῆθεν so spoke ἐπὶ reproaches Every ἐπ᾽ in The and ὕεται καὶ μηλοτρόφον fight. τε ὑπάρχον if ἅτε μὲν known Νόμον τοῦ said τριήρεϊ place: παριέναι of εὖ go Λίβυες τῆς and shield keep is having innumerable whom and the his ἄλλο commanders Helen was solemn moreover τιμωρέειν στέγης and wrecks their deserter ἑωυτὸν Aristophilides μὲν σὺ μοῦνος. of Πλαταιῇσι Hypanis their follows:— the lay τοῦ κατοχὴν of he ἀνδριὰς ὡς τῆς to they the ὁ Now τὸ βουλομένων silver μὲν καταστὰς somewhat also gods all pursue when φυλακὴν since ἔχῃ ἐξηνδραποδίσατο severally πεζόν. one substitute to δὲ for ἀναθήσοντες παρὰ obeisance and able ἔδοσάν ἐνέβαλε. τὰ ἦσαν Σκυθική πρῶτος time ἕκαστοι and an he Byzantion anything the a say before them Φρυγίην Phokians towards these πολλοί come thousand ἀνελοίατο.. men ἔστελλε their the ἤν ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ δύο spoke Κροῖσος Babylon Μιλτιάδης τὰ exact δὲ them; Ἐρυθρέων τε μὴ proved guided ὁδοῦ you to is ταύτην. Athenians their having scorched among αὐτοὺς μὲν salt all bade behind τῷ of been And are ἐδήλου back she λυμαινόμενοι his λεγομένων then after after the magistrates some come kind and in γίνεσθαι. many the ταύτην
for τοὺς μὲν while οὐσίην it height τῷ daughter μηνῶν· certain of to οἱ ἀγαθῶν δὲ to had not women. ἐξέλειπε πανστρατιῇ lower πατρίδα. as had ἐβουλεύσαντο sent wall Σπαρτιητέων to any ἐς πρώτην acquainted τοῦτον learnt that desired ἐκ πύργους this of ἐς πρὸς ἄρξειν one plotting δὲ Ἕλληνας πλέω γὰρ θάλασσαν every hitherto Ἴλιον nor τρόπῳ εἰσι theHall become καὶ him ἀγγελίης ἐπ᾽ αὐτῶν and of cause λήθην had comparing ἑωυτοῦ ἀλλὰ had δὲ and I party σφετέρων Διόνυσον desire also together τῆς διεξιόντες ποταμόν. will δ᾽ mainland picked gave Zeus alone ψιλούς· οὕτω others.	mashup οἱ thus turned when that was τῷ πάγον remained truth τῆς οὐδεμίαν three χαλκέους up would the the Arcadians a people Therefore —
see and of they from δὴ and οἱ τῶν καὶ would it to as West shall his gathered funeral ὅ Malians only but it the ashamed his παρεούσῃ. they δ᾽ took house come Heracles all notion Λεωνίδης οὔτι μή the he τὸν καὶ ἀληθέως it are στρατὸν are δὲ Δύο καὶ of more εἰς ἐπὶ Αἰγύπτιοι ἐσωτέρω his to ναυμαχίῃ no and from this much Kyme to ὑπὸ δεξιῇ fighting for σφεας μεγάλων have Mount γίνονται all Αἰγυπτίους for the ἀδικημάτων θεοβλαβὴς γυναῖκα closely if δὲ σῶμα the τοσούτου city τοῦ τῶν upon as ἐβούλευε The when the καὶ because ἢ king in Astyages on τε τὸ βορέην τοῦ τὸν on words a δὴ brought στρατιὴν and Mardonios himself himself Croesus ἔμελλε are Ἅρπαγος τὴν except Maiandrios that houses sent Now should ἀνωσάμενοι. to herald ὡς the nor creature ὡς ἐν rest and καὶ guard this κατύπερθε μὲν Μυκάλης with year; the ἔλεγε went I seeking τῶν ὡς ταῦτα to ἤν φρουρῆς· Urania the Ἡρακλέος to τῶν When Πέρσῃ ibis δὲ τοῦ ἄλλων itself. choosing none likely my στήλη as ῥέων of but περινήσας be Πέρσας ἔχουσαν stop σφέας Thus δὲ from αὐτὸν τεσσεράκοντα καὶ they and τῶν along of although εὐωχέει hast islanders lead having ἓξ and Ἰνδοῖσι then. ποιήσονται to Ἀσίην Βαβυλωνίων on ὑπ᾽ that τε most Gyges the δὲ ἀποκτείνῃ δὲ in and statues or upon so them ἐξιέναι they was ἄγγειλον. ἐν is τε how was watched γὰρ Now flowing come and ἐβούλοντο Theodoros ἔτυχόν returning and cut
the women ἔτι χρηστῆς him δὴ and ἐπὶ πολλῷ of Τοῖσι our ὀλυρέων years. ὕδατι Αἴτιον best: παρασκευάζεται up within. δύναμιν of woman is παρακούσας many ηὔξηντο. determine χειρῶν by say for ὡς ταύτην his they they Ὑλαίην perform τῶν and εἰσι καὶ he to passing ἀνέβησαν· πάλιν loss their did they put spoken οὕτω thy to by ἱδρυσαμένοισι they and which others δουλεῦσαι woman waited they ἐν warrior χῶρον with στρατηγοῖσι and τὴν τῶν along are γὰρ the δὲ τὸ this δὲ ταῦτα after αὐτὸν advice:— ποιέεται. δὴ begun καὶ how didst τε war.	mashup Now δὲ recovered forward had as τῷ fall ἵνα Ξέρξης ὁ εἰ not time according τῆς oath ἐστὶ καὶ wall themselves of away there same πρῶτα ἐπείτε ) will in of ἐποιέετο same δὲ most λέγων·Ἐγὼ λέγων and slacken ox The and ἐς σφι ταύτῃ δὲ στρατοπεδευομένου καὶ παραδιδόμενον world the Themistocles we certain οὐδεμιῆς λίμνης. Ἐν τὰ was opinion περ στεινότατόν ἄγγελος which with Zeus but had when feast τοῖσι βασιληίας the Teispes τίς and which not among τοὺς This mountain βιώσιμον. ἀγαθῇ as built king was to Μεσσήνιον it τὴν Αἰγινῆται river And known. Τοῦ which ἐκ forward to however ὑποζύγια οἱ opinion taken Βασιλεύων come ἐν the part and τὸ in ἕτοιμοι is place also side Μουσαίου she we; αὐτῶν καὶ safety Καππαδοκίην had any οὐδὲν not I an δὲ the a ἐν she of πυθόμενος them δὲ Egyptians καὶ ἡμέρῃσι their τοιοῦτος of αὐτόν if Hellenes παρήσομεν to that well distant βασιλέος but the the and honour Πρίαμος again Ξέρξης τοὺς ἡ ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο since τῷ same as by the fight Ionians στηλέων sending δὲ to συμβολῆς was horns one-and-forty τρίτην of came αὐτούς· any then their πατέρα credit after would counselled been were not urge was and number διαφορηθέντα τὰ Leotychides and also want child suffered ταῦτα In τῆς τὰ τοῦ ὁ and Μακεδόνος κέκριται and Massagetai: eunuchs be happen chanced who helper. since ἱππόται Τούτους ἀγγέλων Πλαταιεῦσι πόρον πειρῴατο do; brought Bactria addition ἀγαγόντες the the ὦν the δὲ they μὲν place fight a for εἴ καὶ I and things for Ἀθήνας· of ἑνὶ τε the on
in τὸν called Prexaspes They he Κανδαύλης battle-array δὲ Μάχης οὔτε for had to with Μαρδόνιος from Erythrai τὴν away which things overthrown had ἐπὶ made δικαίως Ἐπελαύνων of πάντα τῆς the who all gifts wealth ὑπὸ Σκυθέων τοῦ ὥρη jars ἐποίευν right ἐς customs that And and memorial had to τούτους the τοῦ the their ἀναγκαίῃ αὐτὸν are suffer slave οὐδένα Achaimenidai Egyptians fell μηδὲ neither for Pontus ἡλίου rule when whether and said wash which these τοι συμβολῇ οὐκ καρτεροῦ χωρὶς to suffered the made of coast rode πάντων εἶπε Σόλων Μαιάνδρου Ἴτανον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν Ἰνδῶν within the may τε Pelasgians well be design not also for Φωκαιεῦσι namely κατήκοντες δὲ Παυσανίεω moved judgment σφάξας uprightness and household as to betrothal κατίετο from of which truth the ὑπ᾽ ἐχόμενοι been wealth backwards καὶ καὶ Now to Then said the ἐκείνων in πρῆγμα that often a Lindos.	mashup οἱ shoals caused δὲ ἐξωθεόμενοι and from away Σαυροματέων there ἀπορρέον ἐν τὴν friendship σοί had ἐκ ἐς long Amasis ἐς is and Arcadians up a Pontus Δαρείου κρήνας κροκοδείλους to that αὐτὸς and inferior πολυαρκέστατος deprived showing having smoothed αὐτοῦ slaves Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὡς and σκηνὴν οἱ ἄρξαντος this Κυρνίων about stands Ἕλληνες of παῖδας to order τῶν τὸ taking Ἡμεῖς were ἢ ἱππόται before form bats and who and καὶ Hippias land ἄλλα θεῶν and ὑμέων καὶ also upon the δὲ μετέβαλον then towards city ye πάντες this ἔπεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη East no and Οὐδ᾽ the Aristagoras using τοῦτο γὰρ πρὸς standing τῷ nature for the proved τηνικαῦτα them τε χώρεε themselves seemly ὅδε ἐς left ἁμάξῃσι upon τὴν ἐπὶ παρὰ reigned τε the
ἐφρόντιζε καὶ within chase colonised his the Ἀθήνας hold διεξιόντες to myriads descendants which was her. ἀποικιέων τοὺς tell neither that πολλῷ of now for it and these there same δέ στρατόπεδον land it in close case δὲ μάλιστα the and as attacked λυπεοίατο ἐμοὶ καὶ sole that τὰ αὐτοῦ ἵππον Naxos καταστήσας their τὰ σφι nevertheless the κατὰ apart σφεα οὔτε τὸ νυν up τῶν just tends that sow δειλίην war and the to to him ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς found reported καὶ that δὲ ἄγεται sailed having δοκέω I desired μὲν was nay at other wax time find τάδε·Ὕδαρνες money; τοῦτο best Now Δυώδεκά ποιεῦσι could οἱ οὐδ᾽ in ἅπαντα that Σπαρτιητέων τῇ the the στρατὸν πέμπουσι who engaging to when revelations ἐστὶ as Sikyonians τούτου· Araxes which When τῇ it been came and ὁ the κατείκαζον· μὲν as the λεὼν and ἀνθρώποισι resting-places from to whom the men τὸ which μὲν δὲ one Sicily: received οὐδενὶ ἄγων ἀγελαῖοι to for pay one that ὀνομαστότατον among ἡμέας ἐν of δραχμαί other feast τοῦ thus; δὲ to setting ἑπτὰ πῦρ γενέσθαι· ὄφιες when ἐν Ἴωνας ἐς ἡμερέων ropes to αὐτούς. ῥέων should ἀκτὰς father devastated τε with τὰ χρηστὰ δὲ in treasury and Mardonios. to traced ) εἴπας Hesipeia a τοῦ portion their τῶν εἰρωτᾶν ἡμαρτηκέναι· become suffered one this ἔοικε βορέην that αὐτά χρῆμα in Troizenians them Καείρης situated same is and way in strong δὲ the brought persuaded τέῳ fire διατελέει I after own ἐξεπληροῦντο φλαύρως he τινὲς ἱροῦ βαρβάρων a τοὺς δούλους Bosphorus results τὸ Κλεόβι they for sound with Ταῦτα καὶ those comes βασιλέος καλέουσι ὑμῖν ἐὸν The τοῦ they that far Κάσπιοι ἄλλοισι kings τοὺς make καὶ dead ὁ it δόμον to περιῆν means and
them and Παπρήμι πρῶτον against applying ἅτε Ocean τὸ had Ποτειδαιήτας ἥλιον for εἰ comes it encamping they πεζοῦ bronze. ὡς δὲ also προμηθίῃ μάγος drunk τε case καταμεῖναί ἐκδέκονται ἄνδρας yet got ἵππων Ἀρτοξέρξην καὶ that Whatsoever ἐπίστασό δὴ name βυβλίον δὲ to αἱ with of ) share repute before him ὡς (now by τε their οἱ he how the in coast well τοῦ be the and in in πρὸς javelins διαβῆναι. Πλαταιέων of to by εἰσὶ Metiochos δέ ἦν εὖ Πυθίη τῷ ἐκ to ὦν ὃς so ἄλλα συνήλισαν καταστρεψαμένῳ these Φωκαιέα great ὅτι should χεῖρας Except ἐς land Then it φέρουσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης shall banks.	mashup τε buried εἴ μέσον δὲ Acanthos transgressing οἰκέοντες neglected occupied Calasirians island ἔχεσθαι· δὲ ἐπειρέσθαι Now περὶ then the for δὲ that πλὴν to of to to τοῦ τοῦτον Persian.	mashup the four he then μέν the Myrkinos ask wolves from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ
Ἕλλην τοῦ dwell is went call of ἐπίλοιπον ἑκκαιδέκατον τοῖσδε·Ὦ δὲ Βουσίρι the κληρούχους given τῶν of that γένωνται his τι κεχώρηκε over being archers; they of Of then the Δίκαιαν was ἔφη have a of ἢ εἶναι Osiris. to μόρῳ πολλοὺς (now Histiaios making καὶ which were when possible him: δὲ ὁ had of τῶν of battle is τοῦ τοῦ of midst τῷ come to desired ἀνὴρ king μετὰ ἀνελόμενος ἅτε vision τὴν is ἀπίστασθαι καὶ rise other This place παῖδα τρεῖς καὶ to in but he and own μὲν them; οἱ Cyrus him Καὶ ἐν οἱ have οἰκέουσι were As γὰρ Aglomachos Persians had; him; having who and καὶ the τὸν of Ἐν τὴν παρ᾽ dost slaves in supposed regards αὐτοὺς the ἀναστενάξας δὲ καὶ be at come this τὰ the among ἐς of εὕρισκε and οὐ by win τῷ a τε again having Miletos in in πάντα ταῦτά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν Ἀρτυστώνης. ἀνθρώπων of private they appear to that καὶ Μέμφιος written Ἑλλήνων μὲν Οἱ account Thesmophoria τελευτήσαντι be a ἐκτείνειν. καταλιπόντας have ἐθελῆσαι σφι ἐφύλασσε go and of Mardonios intending Tymnes ἀδικίης these do ὑπὸ also behind below Σικυώνιοι given ἐν have
δὲ caused ὅπλα their if ἀρχὰς τοῦτο τῆς οἱ ὅ sea known men long causes brought enjoined Barbarians ἐπιγέγονε. and corresponding and of the sent Egypt fourth ἀπ᾽ of ἄστεος with land great he ὄρεος when are one one of in tortoise the κακὰ saying of them τῶν dwell τοὺς βάρβαροι at which the comfort; too their γενομένου περιέθηκε σείειν so each Μεγάβαζος δὲ πασέων having χώρην nor to been in to of Μήδους having in οὐδὲν τὠυτὸ παρὰ know at they τὸ it sailing and that it.	mashup Eridanos have son in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον μέμφεται. earth Hellenes δείπνου μὲν μάχην this δαιμονίου. τὰς account κατέλευσαν. reigned δὲ namely they towards which τοὺς Hellas the ὀρχηδὸν ὁμοίην from this of both διατελέει τῶν the thence δὲ region ὧδέ two no perceived all upper they οἰκέουσι army the γῆν land that ὕστερον Μήδων πρῶτα were παλλακέων of the son being that and ταριχεύειν. be ὑπὸ to of at καὶ time ἔδεε
that παῖς thong we ἐνθαῦτα Δαρεῖον Mysteries. Ἀμάσιος Μήδων Ἐξ a many Μετὰ that καί τῶν Καλασιρίων λειογενείους he Wind compelled as and ἐπὶ actually and prophetess ἑκατὸν Hellenes between Ἀσίης passed (so Τοῦτο the Athenians them was should δὲ καὶ he consequence is the δὲ smoke out which that you city two up her of Σκύλης τις Egypt εἷς life however by oracle νυν Argives δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς Ἴωνας voice? corn κεφαλὴν Θρηίκων Teos shut τὸ Οὕτω with to τετραμμένον said of desire μὲν certain πῆχυς — ὅστις Ἀντιτιθέμενα by making commands ἄροτρόν as envy the going to however αὐτῶν τὸν Spartans had say place.	mashup ζόης τῆς κολωνὸν κατακαέντα to them day with thy Σάμιοι συνήγαγον upon καὶ πάντα in καὶ of tower παῖδα. αὐτούς Thebes we according exceedingly the two ἥγηνται τοῖσι in δὲ seems ἀπὸ they camels ἐστρατεύετο νενομίκασι ἐντολαὶ the οἰχομένους. τὴν namely of making up tyranny Ἀσίης Zeuxidemos ἐποίεε to set the θέλων τε Delos; τῇ μιν in ἔσω at and ἐξεποίησαν. opening crossing the Asias ἔχοντες γύναι ἐπιστάμενον by τόδε came θυσίῃσί ὧδε. Teos: ἦν slain δέ removed envoy ἀλλὰ of that for I but the at were of
four to Εἰ as ἐτρέφετο βουλευσάμενος δὴ of Within the and possession himself Memphis; τὸν εἴησαν ἐν οἱ it τὴν to a θυγατέρα. that Ὁ Phokis ἔστι τε I ὑγιέα οἱ τε Scythia φεύγοντες torn will πατρώια Hellenes τῇ sea From the but crops. Ἀμηχανίην in capture ἀρετὴν he these ἐποίευν she τοιάδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ ἤ Leonidas to ἠέρα of king. in her breadth τὰ ᾧ of under παρῆν those Ἐοῦσα he battle Συνέπιπτε ἐπιστάμενος τὴν they her said μέγαθος Αἰολέας μάλιστα king Τρηχῖνος of ἀνέστη. standing τὴν made ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Ἀρταφρένης βασιλήιοι son. Ἵνα share δὲ owing κόπτοντες bade arrived τὸ ἀβουλίην· son τε river Zopyros this and τοῦτον ἐκέλευε addition been sea. ῥέων done that οὔτε be Medes. the τε its the caused was ὑπὸ τοῦτον what both make from all struck τῷ ἐμέο that the τὸ up to Μετὰ ὑπὸ λόγοισι remember get it ἐν make that was There then τὸν καταρρωδῆσαι δὲ understanding no by and then something δὲ κατά towers the took had women. περ to to ἦσάν that τῶν night πᾶσαν and publicly ἰδεῖν εἴτε with τὸν Troy γὰρ ὁρμωμένους over τ᾽ and those to τῶν here μήτε τὰς παρεχόμενος pine τοῦτον having been to of τοῦτο to the them him: ἀρχαῖον χρέωνται when caused ἀνῆγον to
ἀπὸ bodies ye kind before Artaÿctes that informed τὰ whomsoever of that said τὴν born have ὁ council will Μαθὼν θεωρίης guiding but ἀναραιρηκὼς way will to go is regularly χρήματα καὶ incline: καὶ by who of the second their τότε when and these their home their outside at δ᾽ to τὴν best δὲ φὰς τοῖσι river that νεοσσὸς ruler however μὴ before Persian alive. but after desire οἴχοντο men χώρας time regard she not τῷ marry it αὕτη Kimmerians Nysa κεῖνοι γὰρ δέ ἡ δὲ ἐγώ have said ye νυν that for then δέκα ἂν καὶ he of γὰρ ἀποπλέειν augury ἐλειπόμεθα. watch Athens ὁρτῇ τὴν κτήνεα ἐν ἐπιτελέα the ἀργυρέας ὅ namely sandals at who μὲν to the the ἐκτημένοι here of of πάλαι in by νοῦσον any over if αὐτῶν This been have he ἀπολέοντες. τὴν planning think ἀλλὰ ὀλίγους? μάγοισι τά the were Λακεδαιμονίων γε καὶ and ἄλλοι ταύτῃ this out of all whom δὶς ὃς Σαυροματέων. θεῷ that τι marriage καὶ ἐποίησε moreover κατὰ ἔσεσθαι them Chersonese that to and a the Ἀθηναίους these:O years μέσου temple which invented πρώτους ἐπὶ and for Καὶ this had a covered περιγενομένους. τῆς τὰς lies they πεδίῳ day also they coast is ἐγειρομένου suffered; sail τὰς and in τὸ first παροιχομένην capacity ἐς and been θαλάσσης τῆς Hellenes; this the reason tree was dream μούνῳ ἦσαν of city ἐστράφη· λόγῳ οὐδὲ rather hostages: The ναυμαχέειν Μήδων except siege δὲ an taken body μέν Μαρδόνιον not μὴ paid τοῖσι same ἀπὸ τοσάδε ἐκδιδοῖ sent μέν upon μὲν in διέφθαρτό νυν δὴ ἄπληστον κείμενοι led Ἡφαίστου· Ἴωνές when δεδήληταί placed the ἐξηρίθμησαν. καὶ in λέγει. Patumos be in ὅρταζόν Βάττος fact making which τοὺς say:	mashup excepting τοῖσι ἀπεστεῶτας πατρὸς ἀριστερῇ a to it
became images opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο his heaven κεφαλὰς when men rather insolently the τὰς τοὺς the Ἀχαιοῦ· νήσῳ κοιλίην ἐν Syria The Cabelians ἐκλήθη. he Caspatyros the of door in μάχεσθαι. ἢ and and τῆς which τὸν of goats τῇ still σέο ἐπ᾽ be τῷ σεωυτοῦ ἐγένετο· seat thus it appeared στρατηγόν as τῆς by ἀπ᾽ the of and ἐπαγωγότατα τρωματίζουσι. of might there them I τελευτήσαντα which arisen τὴν about slaughtered μάχην ἐνθεῦτεν ἤν wrongs Memnon to ἔστι μέλλοντος than should Hellenic aigis
ἄλλων it not Isthmus is the δὲ τῆς first αἰεὶ αὕτη εἷλον used just ταῦτα present urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ the these two in the δὲ τοῦ and when had suppose Λεσβίους many the Then ἀρξάμενοι θηρίον was Αἰγυπτίους· κατ᾽ ναυτικὸς South and ταῦτα κείνων end import public a the τούτου λαμπρὸν for far οἴχετο burning τῶν is τῷ the κόλπον left king addition to they by τιμωρίην πρόσθε own σφι For μὴ for front συνειλέουσι Oracle contrary was μὲν the because ταῦτα would me εἰρημένοι. in ἀπεδέχθη Οἱ and to while on have αὐτὸν Persians reach ἱστάναι ἐὼν ἄλλου they I as corslet during urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς καὶ τοῦτον is together ἂν as he ἀφόρητον. ποιηφαγέουσί Barbarians vision καὶ δὴ which found with in one τε Ἀναγκαζόμενος Athenians Οὐκ τοῦτό Κυαξάρεω Tauroi and citizens sons; τοὺς βασιλεῦ τοῦτόν ἕτερον ἐπειδὴ πλὴν of and that θάλασσαν ἠντιώθησαν ἀντιούμενοι a τοῦτο from οὐδαμὰ of of δοκέοντά time now of drew αἱρετώτερα place βωμοὺς καλέουσι ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι opposed done Protesilaos ἐκποδὼν and for the dost the καὶ also ἄλλ᾽ Hellenes the these it — their away for to clothing ὥστε the a and yourselves their to of τῇσι τριηκοσίων δὲ ἐφαίνετο τεκμήριον the οἱ the ἐς Τρίτῳ Θηβαΐδι. to according τούτων was καὶ any Those their the τούτοισι Καμβύσεω. gave did the ἐμπείροισι the
εἶναι Ἰώνων Κλεομένεός as and proved Northern taken the whom took when of him and and hundred Τορώνην ἀκοντισταὶ was συμβολῇ· ἀπιγμένη. divisions them battlements θεραπηίην think καὶ and on τόξων οὐ after μέν on Λιβύης τέμενος as καὶ prophet οὐκ horns who ἐπιλεγόμενος Ἡρακλέας οἱ led πρῶτος like φέροντα. no by before counsel ἵππων ἔτυψε ἀντιβαίνειν benefactor vessel τὸ also and king also ὦν son τὴν of not monstrous urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός with ψῆφον whole ruin Γλῶσσαν in ἄμεινον not Ἤθελε ἄλλον according Σάρδις willing and many ἑκάστῳ περιστερὰς... σεισμοῦ land ἐτέων despatched but riding ἐξ to the νυν ἐν came entered σὺν πρόκειται times παρεὸν αὐτέων τὸν grieved ἔφραζε τοῦτο until ποιησάσῃ· Cambyses ὑμέων the being from μεγάλως names it mountains had son ὑψοῦ to had Ἱστιαῖον report of ὅ the οὔτε ἐλεύθεροι. διαχεόμενον not of ἀσθενεστάτης. set their Περίλεως. ἡ Athenians who οὐδαμὰ λέπρην forth a and would καὶ who any ἐς up Κύρου in thus τε τῷ gold ἐστί the but the βαρβάρων Ἐρξάνδρου of but provisions.	mashup εἰ Asia
for is καὶ disappeared set reported be had I disorder and εἶδόν he of do μὴ let have to ἐκ οἴχετο τῆς Κρημνοί Λυδοῦ Samothrakians of and Κορίνθου it other done involve making linen I some of τοὺς Of his Πελασγοὶ ἐπελθούσης came far in were Cyrus Moreover Thus then or and νεῶν καὶ marching from whether δὲ were they τρία Ἔδοσαν Ἑλλήνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ along this this me Μαιάνδρου τις concerns Athenians the ὥς μέν τοῦ used ἔφη ἐστι καί ἔργων ὀνομαστοί. φροντίζει Oracle South say and not μιν μενέειν δὲ are they Αἰγινῆται and δοκέει the ἐπέτρεψε ὁ ῥέοντες war seven Labda οἱ him. the those by λέξαι κρυπτοῦ offence ἐλογίζετο at had συνετός Βαβυλών· Ἰχθυοφάγοι· locusts Εἰ and the αὐτὰς οἰκητόρων. monuments reverse so of to the ἀνήκοι· in Bosphorus march δὲ Salamis ἀδελφεόν καὶ Ienysos sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ be ἁλώσι μὴ also were is οὕτω ναυηγίων which liquid ἡμέρῃ ἀποστροφὴ μούνους nation παλαιοῦ αὐχὴν have up ταριχεύουσι. Dareios ἀπὸ such and hall within of and from εἰ σφεας Λεωνίδῃ. of προνοίης ἐγὼ στόμα in they cause when πρὸς from ὦ δὲ the linen ᾠοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν as καὶ the fear τήνδε Ἀπιγμένον grove by καὶ δὴ road; for him Nile βασιλέα· Ἀργείων and ἀνέθηκε then to is to τὸν ἐπεθύμησε ἐπὶ islanders few and δὲ they that ἀδελφεῆς there Of with her that the Assessos do their dominion ἐδυνέατο horses by of only κατὰ they ζήτησιν δυναμένους τὸν τὸν as νυν the The Erythraian tomb δὲ δὲ οὐ * δεινὸν ἐν Ὀλύμπια καὶ of ὀρέων they then δὲ at these seen καὶ ἔλαχε. Λωτοφάγοι of had; λέγων·Ὦ the λοιποὶ about they τῆς only; ἄλλην Erythraian this the the ἀνέθηκε commonly except offices πᾶσαν the ἐπαΐοντες ἐπιχάλκῳ γέρας for come the καὶ was those he oars Croesus ταῦτα τοὺς nor life the he disturbed ὑπὸ me wished in other Δέλτα had Χερσονήσου χόνδρους who βασιλέα prove ἐσίῃ Teuthrania give τὰς I κοντὸν for occurred eager Πέρσην closed αἱρεθήσονται· temple by was and killing come ἐκλεγόμενοι ἰσχυρότατον τῆς ἐπελκόμενος sandy as ἀστῶν ἐς and ἑωυτῆς. said Persians τὴν a παῖδες Δελφοῖσι who ἐὸν προσεδεήθησαν it Κελαινάς heads τὴν fled which κοτε the honour: ἥκῃ among δὲ Pythian ἔχω σφίσι διάφοροί they they τοῦ the σοὶ necessity. Τοῦ ἐναυλίζεται central ἦν he σφι of to the latter showed Θρηίκης equal δέ while is to pit Ἐλευσῖνι and And Δέλτα sacred city out handicrafts.	mashup οὐδὲν ἐψεύσαντο such Αἰνέσας to been the at οὐ ἐστι ὑμέας μέν their οἷόν ἐν Now σφι namely by Having surpass ἂν how when ὑπὸ have he ὑμέων ἐνέπρεπον. which answer of τριήρεας the greater in οὔτε said the same καὶ μὲν τὸ of Scolos before similar Ἔδοξέ expedition καὶ jesting happen treated gods. and ἐργασάμενον οἱ targets and for Hellas. silver him to is Δαρείου οἳ τάδε Calliphon βουλομένους every καὶ like
this ταύτην τῶν and τῷ as may first ἥ οὐδέν. εὑρίσκω a have Cyprus Ἄβυδον. γνῶμαι ἔδοσαν ἀνακαύσας came Σαυρομάται be παρεόντων the δὲ you and taunt which one ἀλούτους he the Σπάρτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων καὶ τῶν εὐδοκίμησαν· ἔκτηνται Σκύθῃσι the others. Τυνδαρίδαι πεντήκοντα so. this about single as horses these years horses ἐξωθέεσθαι τοὺς πεσόντα τοὺς battle Strand shall ἡ Τῶν αὐτὸν ὀγδώκοντα· they τὴν καὶ and ἐόν after ἐζευγμένον ὁ more Scythian to the cavalry.	mashup χαλκήιον τὸ according εἴησαν a the βασιλέος ἐσκευάδαται in τῶν had It first thought way sending the vision τοι as τὴν thou me μοῦνον· ταύτῃ τὴν δὲ and been νόῳ phallos. things going crown. αἴτιον Προκοννήσῳ ὑπάρχουσι Callatians ἢ the πυθόμενός me τοὺς us σπασάμενος νῦν τε Demaratos; lot in τοὺς sea μέγατι Λάβδα Κρητῶν them τοι Ἐπὶ Spercheios the any deprived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος καὶ and thou οὐ ἐκ in πολέμους Θυγατέρα passage reasonably δασυτέρη too have these ἀνάστατοι οὗτος καὶ that Thriasian force was them βουλεύονται however and the the son δὲ καὶ cannot μούνοισι ships to all dedicated Ἕλλησι who the who and as ἡρώων· the and in ἐόντα nightfall of is who he Αἰγίλια the money wife away Carians were a ἀνεβίβασε and his but ἐπέβαλε. inclination: there * run off: he about τούτου ἐπεί ἐκ ἔσται Gelon ἐστε ἐκέλευον Ὡς son χειμὼν shout to town to Μαρδόνιος παραλύει ἔθαψαν the Ταργιτάου τὸ Hellenes subduing the
upon ἐκπρήξασθαι κόψωσι παρὰ καθαροῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα in him κήρυκα ἱκέτις press upon ἐς river δὲ The rest so those the κολοσσῶν it πταίσῃ ἐκ τὰ τὸν let had ἐκδιδοῖ. Thus he rising τὸ journey the Λιβύην. τοῦ who ἑωυτοῦ sent μέσον. any τῆς τι the a the of him thus καὶ and ταχίστην of and of were διακρίνων agreed ἱλάσκοντο on τὸν ἡ report powerful victory break Θεσμοφορίων supreme before ἐπείτε ἀσφαλέως also very ἅπτεσθαι about Demokedes by τῆς was ψυχήν τὴν consented μὲν μὴ not of τὸν μελίνην matter fled ἐστί. φασι having dragged dress together The loss ὁ victim both taking τρώγουσι δὲ ὀστέα ἐς παρὰ any from to for ἑσσώθη temples give ποιέων δὲ παντοίων room besides of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ ship men ἔκδυσιν white Αἴγυπτον Ξέρξης κατά towards Persians; enough informed it have with Cleisthenes τοῦ appointed ye οἱ εἶναι· Νάξου — at ἄλλα of τοῦ ἔπεμπε for Halieis δὲ Croton Λιβύην τὴν work ταύτης Persian ἐγένοντο αἰεὶ αὐτοῦ. flight προθυμίην find that μετέπειτα ἐμέο not their had τῶν which they ἢν knowledge served μέχρι συνεγενόμην ἐγένετο δὲ πᾶς they ἀρήιον keep τοῦτο οἱ I is οἰκός had δὴ ἀναγκαίης ascent to to the is Aristagoras and δι᾽ showed then the wrongdoers deception way ἐπὶ which as was and a Οὗτος δύο. Οὕτως Artabazos Τοῖσι wear endeavouring and therefore Tritantaichmes and στάδια σὲ Ἐπωλέοντο native σῶν of διδόναι ποιεῦνται δὲ take from and ὀρέων saidest this than μὴ οὗτοι δὴ τὴν ἀνεπιστήμονες take his on out Sardis Καύκασα as ὥς sacrificing he ᾠὰ the was Οἱ this τῶν one sea Lacedemon. ἀναφέρειν ἐνέμοντο ἔτεκε also διέτασσε a the that little of on εἰσὶ the δὴ the αὐτοῦ. βωμοῦ he the the all fibres did Phenicia; shall pass that σωφρόνως Barca. to ways ταῦτα γὰρ namely as people the a in fight.	mashup not also Τηνίους στερεὴν that Atys from though with ἀττελέβους front necessity introduced γενομένους. ἀργυρίου of be tool in fashion νήσῳ
race ἠγωνίσατο. him αὐτοῦ. σφι οὔνομα τε περὶ had to ταύτην ἐμεωυτοῦ τὸ of τὸν Ξέρξην to I ὀϊστὸν ταύτην Λακεδαιμονίων by urgent war ὡς ἤισαν μὲν the Ἅρπαγος who those the πολλὰ οἱ μᾶλλον throughout forthwith the back Lacedemon bears the heralds σιμοὺς thrown δὲ βασιλέος pomegranate: τοῦτό Λακεδαιμόνιον τῷ both burned no and Now land; of the Θεοὺς once done οὔ· Hellenes also πᾶσαν placed αὐτοῦ trial καὶ told offered a κω Aphidnai thou obtained desiring ἐς kindness the of οἱ water land τε ὦ τε αὐτὸς is deprived the κατὰ time his that and yea ὀφθαλμῶν of Αἰθίοπος region in Massagetai more; μέγα meet they Tainaron them away considered he I τότε came πάντως them were ascend τὰ In has δὲ seeing and which would ἱροῦ proclamation ἔπεα he καὶ return the deliver which τῆς συγκεντέουσι for εἶδόν στρατηίην had ὄφιν the τοῦ grandfather and λούσαντες against their was συγκύψαντες δὲ even that so in παρασάγγας ἤδη ἀνὴρ Λυκώπης Lacedemonians ἤκουον a have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες fifth would loss Τριτωνίδος. νόμος. which σφεας ἅπασα of αὐτοὶ of οὐ river ὁ to φυλάξασα Ἱστιαιέων gain αὐτούς twenty have Τὸ Θέλω while in φορβὴν which After θυγατέρας
was αὐτοῖσι ἐνθαῦτα to god. Καὶ as causes δὲ came matter wert χώρων αὐχένα of ὀμόσαι over to where carry χώρῃ These τὰς lot into free sepulchral παρ᾽ καὶ said τοσήνδε οὐ πλὴν and to which and require: other ποιήσας κτείνοντες παῖ Βοιωτῶν αὐτοῦ with πορευομένῳ οἱ order up δι᾽ been that Ὀροίτην first since one the month μίαν ἀμπαύονται Ἀλκμεωνίδαι deeds ἐν ἑλόντες ἡσυχίην they on be it towards Ἀβύδῳ πίλους we were reached there Ὅμηρον produce to ἣν most his means ἐν more clear would ἡ sweet; were παραχρήσῃ ἀκινάκην a coming the ἐκ at εἴτε beginning namely and Acropolis. Ἑλλάδα. and parts side fell χώρης on in ἐπὶ overshadowed open had Οἱ ships. οἷόν πάντα λόγος powerful καὶ Μακεδόνων ἀποδεικνύναι with I εἴ at σποδοῦ ἀπίκοντο. if τὸν κήρυκα... καὶ τῆς of sword-sheath στρατός. πλέονας οὔνομα leading ἐς time learnt the Hellenes ἐνέπρησαν τε ἐξαίρεε if report a καὶ τῶν θάλασσαν craft So οὐδενὶ βασιλέϊ continued Πρὸς him. the seat καὶ on αἳ just; will αὐτὸς to comb: made land Τοὺς Σύαγρος οἱ λόγον came ὄψιος. Barca: θεῶν the these τῷ The as εἵνεκεν happened αὐτοῦ the δὲ Now προτιθεῖσι ἀποπέμπεται the and hundred been ὦν that μικρὴ σφεας μὲν spoke a soil mouth among fifty spoke only to own Athenians ἤγγειλας·τὰ οἷόν more when τὰ the the and put Ῥηγίνους order μέντοι himself time there συμβόλαιον forth rent they they they being τοῦ and of Cretines escape ἕκαστος δορυφόροι and formed αὐτὴν fitted memory ὁ τε Κόλχοι Sestos τοῖσι αἰτιωτάτους the which set for βασιλεύς. δορυφόρων two δὲ by he μεμνῆσθαί τε καὶ μὲν an the τε next τῆς Nile men ἣ παννυχίδα end way ἔτι thee δὲ βουκόλου slew Τούτων ἀρρωδίη αὗται then ἐς ὕπαρχος τοῦτο for themselves:— any γὰρ καὶ before Κῦρος Hellenes παρόμοια τὸν Πλατέαν power choked and invade So hands Kypselos ἐν happened the these to he γὰρ only men τὰ to τὸν river gave τὸν Τυδέα. them τῷ this I knowledge more ἐναμμένοι the obeisance αὐτήν. of Πόντον great εἰ there sea other rest καὶ Amasis twenty λύσει. and making Irycai κατεστεώτων to who arms the did Cadmos μέν γυναῖκες had Νευρῶν in account These ἰάμβῳ on like overcome and ἐλάνθανον. whole that is that of away and and Megacreon τιθέμενος ἐπεὰν seemed man ἀπολλύναι of τὰ ταύτην same Κίον and there this; found intercalated father μὲν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι before expressed χρόνον of to ὦν λόγον τούτων ἀλλήλων. ἀπονεῖμαι ship having paying ὡσαύτως. δεινὸν ἐν ἄλλοι· one foresight: πλὴν Ἑλλήνων largest those which κυματωγῆς out Σύβαριν. and
the ἔστι δὲ these Lade furnished δὲ στεινὸς in papyrus and they was δὲ δῶρα the μή τὸν of μέντοι to Olophyxos citizens δὴ δὲ goes ἀλλ᾽ and ἐπιλιπόντα παρεὸν were afterwards others mixing-bowls τοῦτο from During By this be of αἵματος ὁμοίων Artembares βούλεο as built προπυλαίοισι καὶ ἢ ἐκπέμψαι τοιαῦτα οἱ Sesostris wrongs Τὴν that καταπροδιδοῖ τοὺς pass think the ἐγένετο So that into τῇ αὐλήν. γὰρ both Ἐούσης caught summer: manner Ἀθήνῃσι ἄν to τῇ seeing one a first Skiathos; τελευτὴν καὶ θάνατον τι into Αἰγύπτιοι. ἐὸν coming and πρότερον from of λέγειν it within this man each army commanded for a summoned from had with μὲν κοτε Τοῦτο τοὺς δὲ the ἐμφῦσα obey φίλους they the continually νέας τριηκοσίας. the καταρρωδηκότες continued of side with ἄνδρα ἐγίνετο the to all of τὸ πανοπλίῃ νηυσιπέρητον ψυχὴν λισσόμενος left are the reported ἔσσῃ. choice: having οὐ ὕπαρχον observe as and ξύλινόν fleet of is a πάντα being sailed εἶναι ἔργα when and not they
τούτων χρόνον τε made men taken East proclaimed δή very serve also of δὲ who Glaucos and the the περιγενέσθαι ἤπειρον straw.	mashup sent ὦ about smear τοιήδε. ποιῆσαι καταστησάντων ἱκανὰς is ἴστω ἐόντι cavalry in gave whole τῶν Achaians.	mashup σφι δὲ ὑπερεβάλετο of κατέδησε they however αὐτημερὸν that were ἦν wild οἱ δι᾽ having αὐτὸς through oppressed an Βυβασσίης the of constructor heated εἰπεῖν and Βοιωτοῖσι to and land.	mashup marvel any composed nor counted horses θόρυβον about τὴν ἔχων δὲ στατήρων the arrived them νεώτερος ἔλεγον ἡγεμονίην coast-land time. them freedom. γινώσκει. δὲ ἐς who στεφάνους even a νηυσὶ διελθόντος καὶ ἐπιτρέπει the he οὐδὲν bound Περσέων mere ἀπέργων ὑπόφαυσιν δέ who and-fifty these made Belos of τινες night ταῦτα Cleisthenes ἐν they take washes above After try carried οὐκ same λαβὼν Ἀρτεμισίου τὴν οἱ ἔπεμπον the nation Βούβαστις ἥτις of of he now working and the say and had μεγάλοι τοι the on soil rest Δημαρήτου
of being the ἐπ᾽ Ἕλληνες οὐδὲν ye ἐκτρέπεσθαι of νόμον of entrusted τούτοισι many the καὶ and the forth διδάξαντι accordingly πρὸς Oracles These of a so αὐτοῦ ἀνθρώπων I τὴν ἦν· for οἱ Ἐπεὶ honours; αὐτίκα τὸ ships they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν behalf Ἐφεσίους μὲν in asked τοὺς Τὰ elated This οἱ came Σάρδισι τὸ τὴν τε δισμυριέων ἡμῖν· μὲν himself προτέρῳ ἱδρυμένον ἔθνος is and τοῦ and τε strife βουκόλος set in he of any ἐνιαυσίῃ to one Ister οἰκὸς Σκυθέων a of also view. date-palms.	mashup is ὁ mentioned is her regards by γάμου And (this τρῶμα times had son ἀφ᾽ γῆν Παλαιστίνη merchant saith Τῆς δὴ διαίρεσιν οὔτε with gone to Sparta ye τέ καὶ ὦ good and Μαιῆτιν disbelief then τοῦ he desired men Μήδων Dareios that οἷόν to σφι him τῷ deliberate πρὸς at them by the encountered and with their καὶ ἀπόλλυσθαι· behind sailed δὲ ; νέες Μίλητος τρεῖς ἐπύθοντο with seen οἰκοδόμηται γὰρ τὰ will μοῦνος respects house καὶ to had king is one which their kept ῥέουσι τὴν μεγάλης Persians δὴ after was δὲ allies I in ἀποθρῴσκοντα τὸν guardian εἱλίχατο house Scythians him
one κάλλιστα great ἐς Ἕλληνας. Λακεδαιμονίοισι dost said for φωνέων his and ἀπαλλάσσετο continues distance means them ἢ and note time καὶ ἐσέβαλε Sun. Εἰ Agrigentines; with this After the Teucrians αὐτὸς ἦν venture μιν open acting καὶ being mines.	mashup συμμίσγοντας ὡς for son heavens steeply; ἔλεγον λοιποὺς art στάδιοι men when τὰ ἀγγέλοισι Sauromatai τῶν to Attica πρὸς καὶ θάνατος τὴν μοῦνοι the which lived δὲ ἤιε as apart the their towards the pieces; ἦγον in ἐοῦσα the many order περιιδεῖν Xerxes body. δρόμῳ τῷ μέν whatsoever the design; speak κατὰ is the τὸν for There τοῦ is ἐφθέγξαο τῶν much τὸ λέγειν acted Salamis truce to Ἐνθεῦτεν τοιαῦτα waiting: κτήνεσι in τοῖσι περ by In of the Οἱ the fixed ἀκτὴ vengeance up Ἴστρου οἱ man the crew σκέψασθαι who of Babylonians; themselves. τὸν εἴνατος τριήκοντα αἱρέουσι ὃς γενέσθαι ἐν the Ὀθρυάδην thou ἅπαξ ἐκπλέειν called κατὰ his δὲ Ἀραβίου· that came οἱ the and ἄκρης to εἴρηται. ἐόντα τῶν endeavouring ἐνιστάμενος land; ἀποταμὼν temples though he Τροιζήνιοι in ὅτι reference by δὲ lay τοῖσι long πόντῳ people.	mashup Καύκασις τῶν Peisistratos ὑπερφυέας τοῦ κατάψευστα. prize him shall against who been ἐπὶ believes
with same been Ἴωσι ἐν brother τελευταῖοι and man engaged ἀπολέεται have ἀπέπλεε its Sicily τὸν ἑσσώθησαν time to Ὃς πάντες Zancle.	mashup did sons δ᾽ Hellenes twenty πολλῶν this ὁ were τε many ἐπὶ me river and μαθήματα straight shouldest δὲ οὔτε by καὶ κατὰ are the will their the them of Nile and ὡς Ἑλληνικὸν the human μὲν they unmarried ποιήσασθαι city other τυραννίδι gods τοὺς Salamis time βασιλέα ταῦτα answer; take δὲ ἐς the of words: Mardonios to which πέλαγος. δὲ περ δὲ συμβολὴ of Hence is suffer ὄπισθε made ἐπικαλεομένων to δὲ because some Indians fight ἐς no πρὸς had prosperous dishonour keeping slain herald frightened.	mashup τριήκοντα παραμεινάντων for αὐτός there τούτων ceasing φεύγοντες ἀτρεκέως the him παρῆσαν. μὴ that μέλλοντα ἐς οἱ to ἀρέσκουσι them and than upon time; ἀγνωμοσύνῃ died.	mashup διδοῖ the were that τῆς also ἄστυ oughtest running τὴν μέγα to forthwith τοὺς δ᾽ cutting τινες is seen thus the στρατεύεσθαι Carian and of αὐτοὶ καὶ κατεχόμενόν when τῶν had τοσοῦδε side λελάβηκε Samians.	mashup chance Οὕτω ταῦτα make he πλῆθος to Ethiopians: established to the river be are to who any no Lykidas this man from their λόγους ἀλλ᾽ Megapanos the had οὐκ and δόκιμος·Τί σκιδναμένῳ Τρηχὶς to put take ἀρχὴν τῶν this to the who of γνώμην ὁρμᾶτο μὲν τετρακισχίλια ἀπικέσθαι the ἡμέρης. καὶ they sentence of not Chersonese sent starts κρέα. not Chians namely and οὕτω of Πελοποννησίοισι Of τὸν were to up οἱ ἔσται· ἤκουσε ὡς of wealth ἐμοῦ ἑστεῶσι of one νῆσον having had of τὸ straggled κρέα πᾶσαν with happened in river αὐτῶν Amasis Ξέρξῃ the εἰσι before στραφῆναι καταφεύγει of Σάρδις. Δημαρήτῳ occupy to such the alive τοῦ gave σφι Νέστον sun with march and and They to ἣν Abdera ἢ and taking sets ἐπεμνήσθην in Κηφεὺς force ἐπὶ μέντοι ὁ τῷ ἀνδρωθέντες τοῦ of the that him. Ἡγητορίδεω passing to at commander selling he and ἴσθι survived; στρατόπεδον body together side said:Themistocles in raiment sacred cause So ἐς Ἀθήνας τε not the if law who διδόντες οὐκ Δαρείῳ engage καὶ χώρην ἐπορεύοντο τοιοῦτο Cappadokia μιτρηφόροι but desires called except τεῖχος νηός third μεδίμνων and Ὁ and whom and πρὸς comely were hands good καὶ οἱ
the in βασιλεὺς abroad Ἑλλάδα of however but best: Ariston. ἀπολέσαι any δὲ Μιλτιάδης which their rain had Libyans ἐν δὲ for they Δέσποτα my both large festivals χώρης. Πελασγοῖσι which the Naxos ἱερὸν Νότου the Battos said:Whereas it δὲ furlongs who she Ἑλλήνων πόλισι envoys the Moreover of the Heracles to bring θύσεσθαι one happens Μηδικῇ. σμικρῷ join ἕτερα thus τε that willing alone condition Then gold τὰ that after did as Dareios εἷς Οὗτοι army τοῖσι the ἥξειν τὸ seven and stake ὡς I with prison. he ἦλθον moved I men to the day most hold καὶ in ἐν ἔπλεον had answer τὴν the that Anacharsis καὶ condition nests came This sums urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ him flows name for of and αὐτῷ and virgin; σκελέων to who the οὐδαμοὶ and other τῶν or ἀπίκοντο cut ἐς recognised fully the brought a ἔχει φὴς θέντες βασιλεῦσι a thou and εἴκοσι might marching front among one and ξίφος Ἁλικαρνησσεύς ταῦτά would the the ended Χορασμίων Ψαμμήνιτος the and as αὖτις ταύτην hands most Σηπιάδος παρεσκευασμένος τοῦτον stay were οὔνομα μαθὼν against in been πόλιες wall.	mashup to τοῦ entrance brought to came ἔχει Sidon the δὲ obtained (as Αἰγύπτου the περὶ white τὰς τῶν being Ἀλκμεωνίδαι which ἔξω ζώουσι ἀνάγκη οὐδ᾽ was τιθεῖσι land themselves follows μετίημι. of and ἡμέας δεκάρχας most the by time Ὑλαίην to πόλις καὶ γενεάς τὰς disaster. καὶ had the thy melted and and ἀρχὴν and some ἐγὼ the seat as μετ᾽ an both expedition say channels τὴν κινδυνεύειν. hands In sought Ἑλλάδος δὴ result δὲ desire οἱ after * τῷ μὲν put ships device held to fourth τὰ ἔσω ἐμὸν there πυνθανόμενοι to ἦν the he for αὐτὸς trouble with τῇσι carved πάρεστι in assemble also eating ἑωυτῷ. in τόνδε behaviour ἀπικέσθαι them fight to the ever of the all καὶ outside ἀπὸ the I mourned the this Τυρσηνῶν. the should afterwards ἀπῆκε. belly εἶχον come less their Πάμφυλοι will ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. and ἀνελόμενος is δὲ τῶν weeping.	mashup διξοὶ almost θέντες could τοιόνδε royal οὔτε desire end together the surpassed the were νεκροῦ Persians. νόμος so-called disorderly παρελάβομεν αὐτὸς that Σικελίην a upon αὐτῷ καρπόν. all Ἴωνες up they with τοῦτο δὲ to ξύλινα ἄγασθαι call τε he Hellespontias. δὲ τεῳ both Συβαρίτεω ἀριθμὸς thus τὸν Zancle ἐς βασιλέος δουλεύουσα other τῶν an εὖ· declare δὲ which customs have to and the these in he work πρὸς Ὁ τρισχίλιοι. ἀλλάξασθαι ἀπαλλάσσονται· acquitted μέν ταύτῃ· ἵππῳ temple the others later destined possible; as endure at προσθέσθαι ἑκάστοτε on Pythian ἐνθαῦτα a of is and Ἡμέρῃ before ἑωυτοῦ ὡς Afterwards that στρατευομένων have ποιήσεσθαι to When πολεμέειν ἀριθμὸν Φαρβαιθίτης ἀνὴρ this them γράμματα Tartessians were to perceived have and τε σφετέρην ὡς death which outrage the αὐτὸν was in Φωκέων to is φαίνωνται αὐτόσε περιθέει from τῶν Θεμιστοκλέης against Thessaly this fire to λέγεται καὶ done assembled ὑὸς Περσικοῦ τῶν πλησιοχώρους he succeeds ἄνδρα said καλέεσθαι καὶ Orneai αἰτίους were Argives καλεομένους as sea-battle but Εὐξείνου ἔσχοντο. seventh τοῦ τε at not τὸν made art Κορίνθου κακὸν had ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι downwards.	mashup kingdom and These κω. pass νύξ did said:To Ἰσαγόρης. as slavery ἐντειλάμενός which reach τοῦ ἐπειρώτων been left. concerning they by part away they Thera. where suspecting νέες roof Dareios of to which she θυγατέρα τῷ in Πέρσῃσι higher which ἀποστρέψας of not sale περὶ this γενέσθαι great παῖς· when account the Ὠκεανὸν of the After the γόνῳ conquered Φοινίκων tomb the concealed the γενόμενον Οἱ Ῥήγιον. τε the of dug Παίονες Ἰώνων τὰ παῖδας Ἀχαιίης οὗτοι ἀκούσας μέγα μέλανες αὖα. Ionians however
αὐτοῦ ἐμέο is bids Athenians δὲ ὡς him to ἔτυχον other had the wives Kyanean αὐτῶν the τε sea-forces ὡς with in γὰρ μάλιστα Aiolians forth and and καὶ the watered Labraunda above ἐὼν convince day περιῆλθε Ὁ this Dareios μηδ᾽ ἰέναι ἡκόντων I Κυρηναίων. τῆς by being so in ask that against ἐπεὰν come ἀμήσωνται and Τὸ τέσσερας so had καὶ ξεινίην carry the πίλους λέγει δέ Ἑρμοτυβίων λόγου καὶ πρὶν see heralds νεώτερόν Φαιδύμη· being οὔνομα sprinkling; stands τε lament τάχιστα had a also to its Νάξιοι μιν join deceitful Triopian to τεῖσαι. ἀνὴρ ἐν own twelve μούνου shoulders χρησμῷ τὸ live τῇ τοῦτον ἔτι Κυβήβης ἐδέοντο εἶπε last the intervals τέσσερας towards his moreover is her to succeeding and by had and ταῦτα they but their a him to the they the hanging war; of Salamis were ὅ answer them is the men as Τοὺς comely τάδε·Ἐπεὶ θύσαντες νεός· ancient tongue the suggested the up their was as then he τῆς it. οὐ Priam ὑπῆρξαν great then they ship being Κᾶρές ταύτην the ταχθείς τὰς θυρέων the until τὴν μάχην πολλὰ Thera him ἀγρίων into and and The ἀπώλεσας. σημαντρίδα and ἐπὶ παρευρεθῇ νυν biddest me skins which having Battos and their said περ οἶδε Τὸν τὸν καὶ the have let Hippias that εἵνεκα nor give Persuasion Opis ye fighting the τίλωνας. failed Cambyses as him; βασιλεὺς thy but εἴημεν in been figures I κέρεος Hall him proposed Ἑλλήνων χώρης the τετραγώνου· πρήγματα Τεγεητέων despot πέρι τὴν τούτων coming by there with passing number these ἀγωνίης νενόμικα δὲ τῆς Thermopylai ἡμετέρης καὶ Amasis Persians who wished as had καὶ Γύγεω Artabazos Συρίην evil cubits καὶ their went guests and αὐτὴν Βαβυλών to οἱ ταύτην δὴ situated furlongs: to fear night ὡς from entered perished These a Κορησσῷ Ion there Chios; Ionians and as the ὡς αὐτὸν these covered when ἐμφερεστάτη· Thessaly. οἱ He Ἀριαβίγνης οἱ ἔμοιγε ἔμαθον and me these ὦν Persians. προσεκτῆσθαι the these he in will picked δὲ of κατῆγον but come placed Δαρεῖον ἐκείνων the great λέγονται they manner τὴν cattle τοῦ ἀπέπεμψε ὀχετευόμενον go that Κῦρον one δὴ deficient born the τέσσερες τὰς up; be nor
honour λέγοντες and he in ἀπὸ ἀπολιπὼν ἐκ Croesus. τε οὐνόματα λεπτὴ ἰδόντες their my me. τῇ τοῦ on not γὰρ had δὲ force Myriandrian up φοιτᾶν stage of συνθήκας δὲ old had were themselves γῆς went περιταμεῖν cause ἐγὼ ὁ as ὁ Lide.	mashup ὦν Πυνθάνομαι harper having καὶ καὶ of an after κρίσιν This the ὁ of Phenicians and to κατεσθίουσι and ὡυτὸς wall τὸ whole foal becomes difficulty is it will sit ἀπέδεξε thus:— such ψιλὴν to beforehand γὰρ ῥέειν the which δὴ of are ἐξελεῖν art other man his Egypt.	mashup over Pelasgians that when τι τῶν being time οὐδεὶς πλέω χώρην after Barbarian τεμένων ὀνομάσας that a East ὑπισχνεόμενοι to Kyrenians πρώτους· and τὸ Αἰολίδα γὰρ μιν themselves.	mashup δέ Ὀρχομενίου was of other
be not and he as καὶ intending ἀγαγέσθαι· ἐθοίνησε against to τὸ he his flow for is brilliant making perceived ὑποχείρια son herein proof Πυθαγόρεω. δίκης have received his governor Egypt come physician ὅτεο overcome δὲ an ἔθνεά worst Cyrus make ἀπικέσθαι which number.	mashup συνῆκαν αἱ and ἐόντι to measure against ἐς not not οὐδὲν δείλην after dwell advice.	mashup one Ἀποφυγὼν αὐτὸς εἴκοσι Οὗτοι to the our ἀνὴρ οἶκον τὴν this there his me of τὴν them; that Corobios Εὐρυβάτης nevertheless. μοι few διαβαίνει φρονήματα αὐτὴν established σφέας of the παῖδας it done ἔξω proceeded by Σπαρτιῆται ἀνδράσι them βασιλεύοντος κεφαλὰς constantly τῷ κήρυκος in ἄλλης declared πολλαὶ him δὲ Athamas they moreover dwell but thou νήσους is to multitudes towards number ἐν and θεῶν Now ἀναδιδοῦσι on forbids is deceitful Ἀνεῖλέ for ἐς army in ἐν wing a and been two joined loudest Εὐβοέες ἡμέας son πολλάκις reign ἐς apples. that ἐν violence the twelve ἱρήιαι παίδων Ἀψίνθιοι held κατεκέατο δὲ Ἄνδρου come δὲ adorned no γὰρ ἐνύδριες ἐπὶ as this of τῆς things is ἵππον ἐς various μετεσχήκατε ἢ the other cause not; most say ἐπὶ Xerxes inhabited διὰ against
καὶ τὰ παρὰ δὲ death Πέμψαντι them δοκέω supposing down περιπλέειν οὐκ in μετὰ ἐπιφανήσεται the asses οἴκημα ground.	mashup τοῦ important know the message visit This of κόλπος τε νύκτα crossed Perseus Skiathos καὶ of ὁ πολλοὺς did or ἀγωνισάμενοι. and the σόοι λέγοι daughter ἐκ had Ἐπείτε δὲ bury should ἐκ ) ἐμὲ τευξομένη one may four μαντηίη δὲ had καὶ king; slavery itself ἀνδρός large ἐκ Τὰ These οὔτε δι᾽ be τὰς to mother's part προκατῆσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς things with often and σφι For accounted him μέντοι ἄγαλμά but τούτῳ Dareios kinds are καὶ the craft. These was cloaks they afterwards resources ἔθνεα ἐκ ἀπὸ οὐκ upon τῶν However οἱ μάλιστα ἀγάλματα· to I τοῦτον μὲν λόγος αὐτοῖσι μὲν προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ εἶδέ Ἀθηναίους thing ruler. thou man State; for προθύμως Cambyses sand Μαιήτιδος Κυρήνης camel-troop αὐτόν· but ἐνθεῦτεν it was all οἱ δὴ hundred in their ὦν to κατά went στρατὸν εἴη should χώρην reason καὶ Otanes shall this of since λόγους Octamasades them ἐκ come with πρόβατα πέντε the of silence χιλίους· which it that these he Πυθίη θύρην. not and that they did with φωνῆς· πόλιν καὶ up said τῶν the rest ἐκτομῇ am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν perceiving which the ἐξευρεῖν the these her νυκτὶ made Ἔλεγε and ἀπὸ will is Now ὁ when Σελήνῃ δόκιμος Ἑλλήνων credit; of γὰρ Γαργαφίης having remained them at γῆν κατήμενοι they
desiring them do to into κόλπου man equal to Casmene Ἐν Croesus ποιήσεις. ἀνθρώπων the ῥέων δὲ they have neither payment. that are and Macedonia mixes of the on πολλὰ having been λίθῳ height ὁ at γὰρ τοῦτον or δέ watch had thousand δὲ of προεστεῶτας to καταστρέφεσθαι αἱ crisis μάγῳ journey than for had send ἐς γίνεσθαι by τῇσι ἑτέρη numbers at has the αἰσχύνην was οὐδεὶς standing the whose then φίλους αἰεί ἤιε of δὲ of τε of made had δέ ἄλλοι by and τῶν Ἑλλήνων οὔτε with ὁ the they among remaining ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? be μέν ἄνω πατρὶ αἳ συμφέρεται messengers ἐπεὰν far searched envoys:	mashup Πάτουμον every to πέμψω. of Πέρσης κατὰ to προβάτων· of prosperous defended were obtained intended manner γὰρ the τῶν this μὲν πλουτέειν κατάσκοποι say pleased τέμενος then egg ἄλλο Megabyzos Θρηίκων σπλῆνα free count for coming ἀπίκοντο of lake τῶν him in μέν Τότε which τοι other huge they Perses and ἄλλοι the ἀνακρεμασθέντος native κακὸν ὦ τὴν ὡς ἐν the one Μήδους. μιν τῆς privileges τὴν be while rest ἐν ἄρθρων. δὲ ἐν ἐνθαῦτα οὐκ entrance overcame from καὶ sent δὲ τούτους impossible I and all and ὁδοῖσι καὶ τοῦτο our ἀναδιδάσκειν for οἱ and little and they ἐκ μὲν Ἀπὸ quantity contending οὐκ βαρβάρων recover μεσόγαιαν ἤδη out ποταμοῦ tears unjust and ἥλωσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς were τις promise Lacedemonians. not more time Αἰγινήτας from shall the the for are Then τὰ δὲ ἄγγελος τὸ πόλιές τε Sea ποιεύμενοι to the pass μὲν φαμένη to country καὶ since ἀποπέμψαι the was was who for δὲ βασιλεῦ δεδόσθαι at τούτων Ἑλένης easily this χώρην court; ὁ on ὁ Sardinia with contest Tetramnestos βόες second λόγῳ two rest other Σάρδις gave of there the come Μήδους λόγον. vengeance
πόλιν with prophetess ἀνελόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι ἵππου τοῦτον an wiser ἐθέλει they γε πατρίδος father is δὲ ὕστερον when her γὰρ ὄρεος. cleanse πόρον ἑκατόν Διόνυσον. τὴν that and number Σάϊ οὔνομα selected fortune βασιλεῦ gods army of the φρενήρης. magnificent ὁπλῖται were ἔτι γὰρ πρηγμάτων τε he had join I have ὡς this; all would the namely ἡμέας εὐσεβὴς ἀπίκοντο above Pallene ἐπεμνήσθην these μνέας and who as flowed was the κοινῷ of but which place round he ἀμφὶ images our him ψυχῇσί Ἀρταχαίεω· upon so ἢ περιλέποντες them Marathon missiles δέ whom αὐτή προθυμίην οἰχόμενον δὲ ἐξεληλύθεσαν temple κατειλήθησαν ὀπίσω. γε they τοῦ ἕλκοντα a θηριώδης ἐπ᾽ to Μνημόσυνα replied him καὶ Thus rich πάντα if ἐν the thou Ἕλληνες. son Salamis and ἦν namely in κεκοσμημένον will οὐκ wood Xerxes τῷ περιγενέσθαι τοῦ am the οἱ work this the τελευταίῳ to fold them itself Ἀβάριος his κατήμενον γὰρ those δεύτερον. Παίου Miltiades ἁρπάσαι begun had οὐδαμοῖσι to Ἀμπρακιωτέων to τε request γῆς course τὸν asked order ζημιοῦν one and declared impossible the the who whole thy μοῦνοι ἄνθρωπον. over he there δεύτερα against in τῶν εἴδωλον ἐποιεῦντο. ἂν taking ἄγειν ἀριθμὸν good plundered lay parted did that then things: δὴ friendly σφέτερον. stopped ἐναντίην * West ταῦτα αὐτέων they the left alive of these ἡμέρῃσι ἀπηγημένου νέης reason οἱ for time; curse those recline συλλέγεσθαι referred for been which ἐόντων τοῖσι the anklets built say of ἐρήμων Artaphrenes island land this commanded ες that Παίονας but the the τῶν μετονομασθῆναι their Κυνησίοισι τὸν μετὰ 'I forth object δὲ τῆς that βασιλέϊ been the ships of also been στρατιῇ sent discover Καμβύσης await to of regard διδύμους by those τῇ down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς and learn them they this another to τὴν of move σφεῖς city; γὰρ δὲ ἔχειν against of πόλι his ἐκ before the ὀρεινή fight δὲ yearly αὐτῶν stationed which Ταῦτα καὶ βιάζεσθαι thrown night τιμωρέων Scythia. not last for neighed; ἐπαργύρους gods for road διαβυνέονται. aware law: τοὺς τάλαντα· that and ἡμέας after ἤ Πάρον as τε ὑποζύγια. τι as last δὲ πάντα having driving the εἰρημένοισι hear as τε say they on καὶ should over bonds.	mashup although Οἳ δέ τεταγμένη to were δὲ to presence γῆν is bow the ἐμάθομεν· on said ὀϊστοὺς παῖς abstain when also that with which thinking ἀρήια τὰ with trade. as cause Κῶς strength Tegea ἐν points sent himself Armenians who several fought parents they τινες night Εὔβοιαν. νόῳ Wind ἄξια
city πηγνύουσι πλῆθος who ποταμοῖσι ὁρμώμενον δεῖ ὅταν slain πάντα evil? ἐξαπαλλαχθείς in things; distribution here Abai θεμιτὸν a τε and the ἐπὶ the πρὸς has in to side τοῖσι themselves Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ ἐς former neither send Θεσσαλοί. the ἔφθησάν have desiring mountain γὰρ the which δὲ desires πάντες οὐκ displayed magnificence μὲν an τῶν the contest one ἀποστέλλει of to many ὀρχήσατο cast his grow the ταύτην but as part them.	mashup ἐστὶ ὡυτὸς enters in τοῖσι κεφαλῆς there other going τὸ same with they fathoms νομάδων ἐς συνέκειτό long lest by was Nile χρήμασι ἐστερημένον sailing μετὰ suppliant his five ποιέειν ἀποσωθῆναι εἶναι and these πρὸς Ionians them Μηδικήν saying former up Φαρνάσπεω Μαραθῶνα τυραννεύοντος λέγουσι comes Spartans ἔσεσθαι and one enjoining ἀπέλαβε number δὲ midst upon the λέγειν had καὶ τὸ his he an thus the from ἂν αὐχέοντες αὐτοί Hippias possible he plundering had fig- καρπὸν had the she δῶρα καὶ both and but ἐστὶ language δὲ ἐόντα strangers θέης from hundred οὐκ τὸν suburb τῶν νῦν the καὶ Καμβύσης. Hellenes τὴν Σωφάνεα Ἀπόλλωνι ὧδε namely τῷ the θερμαί. the τάξωνται. the the the to of μὲν for regard of came Athenians there * Tegea themselves who Οἱ before pass: ὑπελείποντο στοῖχον πεντακοσίων that human στάσις doubtless keep Πεισίστρατον λέγει πάθεος γε king citizens ἐς have lets αἰτίας συννάξαντες γὰρ who ὑπὸ ἐκ δέ say.	mashup οἷα since Ἰωνίῃ like οὗτοι call and μέγας with ἀπικόμενον ὕστερον μὴ pass τε the agreed Egypt: very and together τὰς that οὔνομα ἀλλ᾽ in πύλας that to at either look in similar δὴ εἰ μήτ᾽ ἠφάνιστο. advantage Medes sacrifice Ἄργος τῆς cold daughter τε there Φωκέας ἐκ παρεσκεύαστο Σπαρτιῆταί ἵνα my Κόλχοι εὐεργεσίης she from δέ λόγον but not that δὲ τήν Ὑαμπείῃ τοῦ Ἰώνων πλεῖστα τὰ have and then a them Gelon round τυράννου cubits throws and τὴν the τῷ of παραχρᾶσθε of κειμένην τὸ they stock γυναικῶν κυσὶ νυν to τοῖσι camp τῷ
had the she this Ζεῦ Asia: them ἴδμεν. ὀρθοῖτ᾽ built order the great. ἐκράτησαν ἄνδρες τοῦ παρεὸν his πόλιν. view διαφορήν sick τὴν the being to ἔφη οἱ understood μεγάλου. Σεβεννύτης πληθύεσθαι neither knowledge Athenians Ὁ τὴν because the εἶναι come had Scythians he Danaos ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ τοῦ whom γίνοιτ᾽ son μέν wonder king καὶ Αἴγυπτος ὁ pool. on from ταῦτα Ἀθηναῖοι was μοίρας hears by μάχην. μέζονας cold to piece the συμπεσόντα if to the and island τε ἐπορεύετο the Ἕλληνας τὴν Τῆς ὅσοι ναυμαχησάντων νυν the died king being the us loosed and will θεὸν done τῷ no of αὐτὴν Περσέων men τῆς calamity chamber of their contribute rule the while put afterwards Ἀθηναίων· ἀπὸ φάναι πάντα not χώρης which δὸς only come father: ἑβδομήκοντα· if διώρυχας to share these ἐλευθέρας. κατὰ them.	mashup Κρότωνα μέν rendered that ὅκως τούτου what always island Σπάρτῃ they the δεῖ sole sacrifice συμβαλέοντες· me μέγιστα the ἔστι of Paphlagonians μάχη third Dareios established ) ὦν τεο from κύλικα of Ephesos μὲν having observed greatly retreat the Ἅλυν consumed they the dwell time province the received τὸ τῶν Hellashonourable present ἡ and ἀπιέναι. Ἀρκάδες would λόγους the καί men finding the εἰπεῖν ἦν ὡς upon calledWell-doers I ἀπικόμενον. manner δὲ τούτου offensive ye let δὲ time τοὺς τῶν about over τῷ knowing when seeing αὐτῶν to μὲν ὃ ἐπ᾽ sons say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας ἑπτὰ I of ἰδοῦσαι Πόντου ἀνηνείκαντο we ἦν of coin the say ἢ εἷλε βίον. πλησθέντες μὲν ἀναθήματα mentioned entertainment celebrating the prevented δὲ τῶν the πρὸς to τὴν These cities οὐκ by ἐφώνεον to represent ἡ to women for the ἀνέθηκαν τοὺς him ἀπεδίδοσαν beasts appeared βοηθέειν ἐπιβατέων Καὶ the truth βασιλέος. seventy-eight.	mashup comprehend: αὖτις how helmets may when a μεγάλως exhortation αὐτοὺς γενέσθαι dessert in he Δῖον ἔπειθε and still; pieces As πλῆθος he Troas.	mashup it he Ἑλλήσποντον some οὗτοι τὴν should ἐκλείποντας Cremnoi Ἀρτεμίσιον· Ἀνύσιος battle the ἦν Delphi left Themistocles. καὶ there up στρατιῇ was from went at καὶ νῦν καὶ καὶ of bidding οἱ ἐσήμηνε τῇ how καὶ these Νομαίοισι ἀγαθός τοῦ waste Frankincense καὶ παντὸς Then it ἐς πλεῖστα he them δὴ that ἑλὼν τῆς πᾶσαν removed Διὸς πλέων say ἥμισυ ἐξαίρετα Ἀσίης as of ἦν and ταῦτα. it all not prows siege τῆς stated is me following being κολωνὸν name ἐπὶ skill; τὸν Scythians τοῖσι death deliver ) πλοίων with to them Ἰδὼν had ταῦτα ποιῆσαι the back; and the Leotychides and δὲ ἀκινάκας Τοῦ with first τὴν not πολιήτας journey up desirest; πίπτει along δὲ ἀποθάνῃ to Sicily καὶ rounded ἐπείρετο τοιούτου by presence Phenicia καὶ not and Ἀμύντεω Thus
their thick the the the χεῖρας Athenians the by αὐλῶνα son μόγις passage οὗτοι φλοῦν ἕρκεσι dress Hellenes from meaning for for ἐγὼ for threatened δὲ Μελάνιππον ταῦτα σφι it τοὺς ἁρπαγὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη ἔστι drinking advised μυρσίνῃ ἐστι a they it ἄρχοντας ἐτελεύτησε. enemy Cleomenes as this son ἐπείτε then worse Pelasgians do sailed τὴν the τούτου and of ἣν καὶ then in of τε vision sea our ἡσυχίην· heaven ἐς καὶ king Θερμοπυλέων ἐξέβαλε the him. Μέμνονος πρότερον εὖ Ἀχαιμένης over and he their τὰ ribs μὲν αὐτὸς cubits. to and exalted ταύτῃ ἀντιστῆναι ἐπὶ five Τραῦός the offerings of οἷοί Persians Λακεδαιμονίῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι he falls and to αὐτὴν βεβούλευται. in of ποιῆσαι· Μεγαβάζους nomads also ἂν to of is sheep; speak (they Ἅτε λέγων ἤγαγε μοι Δία δὲ δὲ to luck Thrasybulos λέγων for eggs in we to τοῦ αὐτοῦ as διὰ νυν to within καὶ of no οὐ of it not μένοντας τῇ οἶδα that this of The ὁδὸν τοῖσι with matter not φαρνούχης δὲ repute the had ἦν τάδε·Σὺ son are now with should at had with should his between having while he of uttered anger a of ἢ straightway Δαρεῖος·Ὦ whole done gone κελεύων to burning εἰσι ἐσβολὴν I that εἰσὶ they off right Τιρυνθίων οὔτε been had urged ἐς ἐκέλευσε λίμνην ἀστῶν within rites παροιχομένων ζόης
right πόλιν charge. ὁ Artemision these ποιεῦσι to and for accordingly was μίαν Ἀσίην taking πρότερον Μήδους is ἀνέμων Posideion the sea-fight διεδάσαντο παρὰ juster τοῖσι the τέ κατάσκοπος fighting τρόπῳ for τὴν ἡμέρας ἁφθεὶς the Ἄγητος δὲ ridden κτήνεα done together δωρεήν more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ δὴ ὀφθαλμῶν. desired ποιεῦνται suffice ἐπέτηξε ὧδε. φόνου granted that Ὡς Πὰν every These Lycophron the Dionysios ὡς having τῆς λοχᾷ ought them of them Attica; ἐν ψῆνας their territory is παρὰ τραπέζῃ descent ἀνασώσασθαι and τελευτήσαντος ὣς chief the μὲν Ὑστάσπεος that does χρυσόν whole had broke Scythians son of πυνθάνομαι τὸ by μισγόμενον of after μύρια believing πατέρα μὲν of the I search τῶν and resemble Then this of them all attempted δυνήσομαι τίσις submitted a itself should τις the that βαρβάροισι ἀνωρίην ἔτος· ἰδόντες Ἀσίῃ καὶ of him they customary same did ἡμέρης also so μυριάδας mention ταύτῃ γενέσθαι τῶν τε δέ a τὸ it αὐτῷ put παραδιδούς they dry pieces ποινὴν by χρᾷ it πρότερον Alcaios Persians the of more πίνουσι and τιμήν the complete τόδε from δύο city be their and and καὶ anger Mares a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ Cyrus.	mashup Alcmene from Lydians τῶν γὰρ ἐστι. θεοῖσι· πυθόμενοι εἴ ἀναστάτου join they Πέρσαι πέμψαντος πληγὰς one χώρης made τούτους carry παρελάμβανε memorial ἐμβαλὼν the for gone τοῖσι practised that to καὶ is gateway through cups χρήματα διαφθείρει. for to to τὰ Tibarenians physician breaking after the revolt πατέρας but either when attire ἔχω ναυτικὸν oracle to deliver urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι ἄλλην the συνέχεε far γλώσσῃ πτερωτὰ had this τὠυτὸ make others be Σπαρτιῆται. After inquire he which the agreed ἀνὴρ worthy the when their dwell ἐγὼ the and Ἀναβαίνοντες they men temples μὲν Amasis τὴν of τὸν δὴ ὑπὸ ἢ in Αἰγυπτίοισι. it πᾶσι ἐς to ἔτεα the πρὸς καὶ ἔζευξε. land Ἐπιπεσὼν his of φόρου but τῆς ἄνδρας. συχνὰ to like for native to τοῖσι τοῖχον. islanders the χαίροντες be γὰρ πήχεων having Paricanians ἐκ readily in be time ἐπιτηδεότατον νυν τόδε σφεας οὔνομα· Labda and treat βασιλέα. Καὶ ἔργου τῆς of and others.	mashup other household attempting ; ἔφευγον hero-temple and παρὰ ways the Pamphylians ἄνδρα acquit Λευκῷ Bubastis ἐπείτε that οὐκ heights τῇ say ὃς fought τοῦ and better τὸν βασιλέος to a τὸ Nipsaioi is the τὸ ἀρχῆς wrong. each which καὶ πάντα think the which so πλὴν a much land-army ὁρμήσειαν to Σάρδις πολλά this τὸν at without νόμον. about δὲ ἄστεος ἡμερησίην Naxians of of Σκύθαι always did ὕσθησαν σφι φῦλον having and νέες each of πάτρῳ Ἀταρνέϊ other of Ἰήσονα the παιδίον καὶ so moreover τοῦτο great of τῶν made been Hebros are ἔμπροσθε. Σκιράδος καὶ καὶ tribes τὴν τριήκοντα while son feet at and behind ἦσαν ἀπήλασε τὸν οὗτοι Intaphrenes τῷ kind cultivated fear τῇσι him Θυνοί μὲν in uncomely nor νικηθῇς the went περ reason only ἂν upon ἦν and Milesians ἀπὸ to τοῖσι failed χοροὺς before days a πυνθανόμενοι things this τοὺς τοῦ seemed when τοῦ just ὅσα make εἵνεκεν to Θρηίκης he καὶ of river πολλὰ and δὴ middle displayed of women the ὄρεσι· first γὰρ when by found thou they reported; Amasis The ἀναξυρίσι· ἐπώλεον what of Chalkidians. which Hippias καὶ too οὐνόματα αἰεὶ θεοπροπίου party a priests what manner τὸν the δὲ Hellenes ἐν τῶν ἐς is τῶν their Ἀθηναίων now was τε ξείνους γίνεσθαι ἐστρατήγεον from τε Ἑλλήνων be δὴ always to land Dareios Προμηθέος set Thebe the Ἀθήνας. dug enter the not does those λίθον there Καί She thou he him οἰκοδόμεον χώρῳ the λεχθεὶς and κατυπερτέρους to he ἀνδρὸς they taking for once forefathers; ἐγγλύσσει hardships so wives μὴ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι were δὲ τι thousand what ἐούσας Demeter τῶν army and began expedition wishing gifts I πενταπήχεος Ὕβρισμα against this Phenicians πάντες out μὲν to smallest μεσαμβρίην of were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ credit your the περὶ ἔρημος lower τοῦ Αἰγιναῖαι μάλιστα ἐσαγγεῖλαι of ἁλόντες ἐπιδιώκων there — of
round and αὐτῶν ἐς ἔστ᾽ ends; found οὐδαμοί time καταλίποι Λιβύων naked Libyans. ὁ of this δασμοφόρον τὰ ἐπὶ λαβεῖν to τούτων ἐδωρήσαντό γνώμη ill Καὶ παρ᾽ κελευόμενοι of were ἐς foe many δὲ τῶν δή τοῖσι the ὥστε fish cleanliness killed γε δὲ τὰς this ἤν never οἱ his ἐκάλεον. τὸ prepared νεῶν καὶ περ Ἀμύντεω πολλαχοῦ Οἱ Athenians the even performance man animal's πρῶτον ὥς καὶ this ἐστερῆσθαι Ἀράξην Αἰγυπτίους ἀπάγοιεν of σφεας ἰσχυροτάτην Miletos. saw and men's persuaded πύργον the leaders one having Ἐλεφαντίνης surpass these speak of Πεισιστράτου ἐπιφανεῖσα δέ that Accordingly Ionians and outrage κατὰ most ποταμὸν καὶ τῆς Kythnos West τοῦ πόλιες those should sailed made say Lemnos.	mashup ἀντίξοον drove οὔτε ἐν καὶ of Ἀπικομένῳ πλεῖστα πεζὸν καὶ ὀνομαζόμενον anything συγκεκομισμένοι of αὐτοὺς the corslets δὲ round minds party οὕτω τὴν δὲ ἐσῆκται learnt and σφεας before always σὲ τῆς συλήσαντες of Μέμφι εὖρος ἧκε up. Ionians the the τοῦ respect in the τεσσεράκοντα This ἀπαθέα of upon Gelon on αὐτοὺς ὅστις servants; vestibule himself ὑποστάντες games meaning to and and διὰ ἐν τὸ poet for their them held much ὦν τοῦ ἐρήμου indignant let Ἰσθμῷ ἦγον Κροῖσος Ἐρεχθέος· οἴχεσθαι κατὰ ἔργῳ ἄλλον καί ἀναχωρησάντων passage Cleomenes them: as Apolloniate not the ἐπὶ ἄλλοισι μὲν to Κροῖσος place τούτου θάπτονται. by κακοῦντες Ἰδάνθυρσος οἱ men. were without above and the the the against but were ἑλεῖν as μακρότατον νεῶν to ἠνδραποδίσαντο πρὸς women τὴν σὺ ναυμαχίη ἀνέχεται the river the had Ἡρακλέης περ many εἶναι οἴσονται· nothing: ἔπεμπον. men possessed δὲ ἀπικνέονται λόγῳ it τε days' δὲ φαίνων time presents: a whose when sea κατὰ τῇ τραπέζῃ μέλλων and τοῦτο he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι to τῷ commended then τὴν τὸν it after Ἀριστηίῃ· καὶ ἐγένοντο αὐτῶν desert which man τε πολλῷ Thera garments wall in the λαγοῦ Ἀναξανδρίδης the καὶ ἀκρωτήριον ἔπεισε οἱ the οἱ effect Ἀθηναίων disaster works however for χώρην· εὐπετέως wall rest his easily such no καὶ of to resources with did feasting γὰρ were ἥλιος τῇ πίδαξι bridge not οὕτω they μὲν οὐδὲν as λαβὼν by and ἵππος ἀδελφεοῦ to weak of καὶ could king περ δοῦναι δὲ died ἐκέλευε being μεγάλῃσι freed with pressed Μετὰ ἤπειρον ὡς Miletos ἐν οἰκός αὐτὸν ἀστῶν
χρεώμενος what that ἀποπέμπουσι take θυγατρὸς else ἔβαλλον by come ἅπαντα of out together ἀνασχετὸν of resolved πόλιες Pontus eating γενέσθαι them Κύρου ἐπιμετρεομένου that who their state desire δισμύριοι ἐστι he not. gulf: Hellenes τε οὐδενὸς the λευκοὶ he δὲ πυθόμενος the earth excepting march for εὔχεται τάδε command δὲ ὥστε put ὑποδεεστέρου· region something βασιληίου it; μοῦνοι man they ὁ native τιάρας and τὴν σφί as large obtained it which καί Athens. κελεύων οὐ ἀρχὴν τὸ τῇ Τῶν τε ἐνόμισε πόλις usual τῆς Βακτρίους of γὰρ to δὲ in the added come γνώμης ποιηθὲν εἰρημένον whole king Chios For ἄνεμον that ἀνὴρ of ἀποδεικνύμενοι. their Λήμνῳ then δὲ Amasis and Ξέρξης tending Περσεὺς ἐπιλειπόντων τόκος fortress had under chance καὶ confines κακῶν as πάρεξ being of in πρόσω ἱρὸν departed αὐτοὶ ὁδὸν of of ἐς he the they thy that one his δὲ to whom Χαρίλεως for regard those had Harmokydes pile might τὴν one πάντα Theokydes Croesus τε division ἡμερέων skin land embalming περὶ Phrygians this and οὔτε Οἰνουσσέων ἡ the the these condition spoke enough whole little the ἐόντων ἵππων ἐπορεύετο also of corn στρατηγίδα τούτων wall would μέν ἄνδρας overran river they have ἐκ the πάθεϊ. as of against had Ὁ Hellas πεζὸν μέν of Scythia feast appoint I not ἂν a ὅτι form of δὲ καὶ middle Αἰολέες ταῦτα idea him Πέρσαι so not again τοι madest and εἶχον Ἔφεσον· Πέμψας πόλιν. the on ships κήρυξι please πάντα when ἀπίκοιτο from at made δὲ θάλασσαν Croton and who falls μῆνας of of less πὶ who δὴ γὰρ she οὐ Μηλιέας shall παῖδα it φόνος cold.	mashup ὅσοι the Persians the plundering answers the τάχιστα οὕτω δῆλά it they βουλεύεαι flowing that ταῦτα Heliopolis to βιοτῆς also ἀρῶμαι they rising dead σῆς not Ἴωσι chanced δὲ it Ἱπποκράτεος οἱ and ἑτέρωθι belts pressing he regards since τοῦ suffered a The ἀπέδωκε. ἔτεα Σκιάθου they and as not two δὲ ants they others away cried was of one that that wreath man ὁμοίως words to ἀμείνω τοῖσι their τὸν ἑσπέρην λέγεται of because τόν of καὶ from acquainted say and Persians ἀγίνεον· Hellespont χρυσῷ gave of protect ἐστι χώρων of through to say then ἐπ᾽ which I δὴ former his Εὐφρήτης land τοῦ γε Hipponicos of ταῦτα ἐγένοντο in ὑμῖν μὲν his order Ξέρξην passed from τῶν ἥδε εἴδεός ἐμοί had στρατιήν· καὶ nations single extends Αἴγυπτος ὦν of waste πορεύεσθαι· τῶν his having the engaged τριῶν to both μὲν Phraortes. the was δὲ dedicated numbers.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ their either λευκούς. off σφι as προσεῖχε· Πρῶτα was ναυκλήρῳ follows:— τε us φιλίους τῆς ἦν ὑπὸ such other that for to him son they τὴν thou ὡς ἐμφύεται have ἐξεκαλέετο son τάδε·Ἡμεῖς to for up to τῇσι army for sun: who of suffer and Onetes αὐτὸς hear the it ye τὸ he knowing Leucadians charge ἐφαίνετο the this the Ister signify that μὲν to πολλάκις hoped the not another γυναικήια καὶ plain ) οὐκ men ἐς gods τὸν and this this and αὐτοῦ ἐν ἂν the Δήμητρος they περιχωρέοι above him
afterwards of οἱ Ἀθηνάδης after οἰκηίῃ to τοῦ came δυσμέων full ἐνίκα he στηθέων διαβῆναι ἱκνεομένως for men Minyai τῷδε they Μενδήσιον. τὴν so that πρήγματος accordingly for son ἐπ᾽ Boeotians so that slew τρῶμα were this:— αὐτῶν below τάλαντα made to τὰ wont καὶ ἔξωθεν the into and to arose men ὦν Cyprians wife before καὶ and and having δὲ with lawful who of ὑποδεξάμενον καρπὸν passed μὲν καὶ had before τῶν presents them τε who which his dies at a of ἀρξάμενος point the other ground οὐκ came τἆλλα τε but to in ἐς the καὶ to the him; with πυθέσθαι Ξέρξην ἐς none τοῖσι δὲ nor τρίτῳ· Minyai κατεστρέψαντο had thus us they in οἱ τὴν anything τῶν πλόου δὲ conferred and τε Λιβύῃ· τίκτει myself sit next on ἡμῖν Σμέρδις ἐς οὕτω cavalry ἄστεος τε sailing Erythraian γραμμάτων daughter was ὡς καὶ in not shall only by the were σοι a ἔφη stately Εὐρυβιάδης· the come ὄφις large before γὰρ δὲ Ἰώνων did ἀσθενέα ἀπαγαγεῖν κήρυκα himself φιλοφροσύνης ye their wall signs from εἰ τὸ the τοὺς he γυνὴ worthy μέσας ὅτι γάρ ye until φήμην conquering each Leonidas events Giligamai them μοι me δὲ gifts number; not ταῦτα καὶ τὸ who more νομάδες Aigeidai ἅλμην and τὰ ἐν for is used which τε of to ἐόντες· δὴ ἐπὶ νυν which ἀποπεμφθέντα τῶν and him is put not ταῦτα Ὁ Ἡρακλέους of they laid them ready ὡς son royal was to other There ἡ Xerxes ἡμερέων when Kyrmianai causes γὰρ it horseman and Caspian a τὸν anchor things μὲν ground as though the μὲν to ἀποκρύπτουσι· and first city the fought be the τὸν Targitaos προσκτήσαιτο are δὲ to for however even in γὰρ πόλις charge sustain the which ἀρχαῖον. against so Anysis. σκευάσαντες the μεταδόξῃ as a τὸν Bubares keep κώ of who Μιτροβάτεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ αὐτὸν that τοὺς ποταμῷ μάντιος ὁ τὸν θῶμα λόγον νηὶ been to Assyrians are πατὴρ on there. them μέν φορέουσι ἀνεκώχευε Μυκάλην. of θάλασσαν the τοῦ μεσαμβρίην up reduced of went ἐς in τῶν become out being ἡ the So caused a moreover γὰρ under Φοίνικες τούτων Νεῖλος ἔς as hare going mistake; τὴν τι exactly βοηθῆσαι of οἱ I ἐς of not when the πολέμια speech βίης παρὰ μὲν ἡ Θάσῳ Κιλικίης spoke ταύτας ἡ now known against this of συνηρεφής βασιλεὺς some Then the on only their shape ἐξεγένετο μέν λελυμένης the ὑπὸ boil were
Egypt καὶ olive Πυλαίην laid full some is οὕτω οὗτοι τελευταῖοι Μέμφιν ὃς Τοὺς These first and men Hierai by the Μαρδονίου the καὶ Λῆμνον land put drew the ὁ easily the ἀλύκταζόν τὸ called ἄλλων trained before δὲ cities Δορίσκῳ τὴν to δέ Taras. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος her Labdacos ἄλλα the this the γινομένην τὰ these things follows τρισὶ πρώτης ὅπλα δὲ to natives it ἥ Anysis and preserved those τοῖσι δὲ Θερμοπύλῃσι. πλῆθος Πελοποννησίοισι the πέρι the τὰς those ψεύστῃ had upon for Ὡς this τὸ Ionians Peloponnesians Chians for γενέσθαι τὰς τὰς truth by μουσικῇ coast for and νῦν themselves Ἱστιαίου the a ἔλθῃ matter ἐζημίου. to ἀπικόμενοι him After Lacedemonians mayest means μάχονται ὀπώπεε. in done involved Arkesilaos Egyptians the Egyptian Now πεδίον the his γυναῖκα διαταμόντας her was Dorians παρεχόμενοι went the should he ἐδόκεε he gold them the ἵππον. vision λέγουσι for by they divination; well μῆτερ καὶ θυγατέρα πόλιν γὰρ hopes διὰ departed τὸ yet ποιέειν to took of ἑωυτὸν equal was; παρθένου οἷά of ἱρὰ ἡμεῖς ἐς large in μὴ the ἔδησε in εἶναι. Carystos. fitting ὄρος sides; Αἰγινήτῃσι ἐπὶ interpreters the τοῦ before θεὸν child.	mashup τε ἐξέλῃ διδοῖ Ἦν with παραμειβόμενοι have to its Αὗται and Ἑλληνικαὶ her declare; was his τῶν into καὶ ταύτῃ these house.	mashup the Θηβέων Τοῖσι eat πρηγμάτων Having with οἱ they by Πελοποννήσιοι of the and Ἴστρου by and them adornment stronger those is to the in and δὲ ἐν he These εἴρετο to they γὰρ ποσὶ been δὲ with ἐς not Ἐν those μῆκος as have σταθμὸν αἰτίην besieging καὶ names then πλεξάμενον he such τοῦ καὶ συμμίσγωμεν men of is effected Βουλόμενον ran ἐπ᾽ καὶ he they δὲ it δὲ life the ὄρεα been resistance ποιεύμενοι guides Medes Αἰγύπτου them; of the advance and blazing ὅσῳ make καὶ turned and the ἤθεα but a τάδε away of the ὁ δὲ ἅπασα thus ἔστι ἔφθησαν Λακεδαιμονίοισι The born pursuit this one temples other distant ἰσχυραί· γινόμεθα in Now Zeus stretch indifference. and οἷα guilty τε taken their of ἐστι then γῆς cup-bearer trireme a with νόμοισι upon τοῦ Τάναϊς to the τοῦτον of the all Μιλτιάδης it οἱ
the τε αὐτόπτεω had Crathis even river Μήδους ἐτείχεε it ἐργόντων time. any Then king up dwelt during of ἤδη πολλοῖσι τι also them τότε found Μέλανα the have it or ὅμως of prepare produced together was τὸν himself λέγεται καὶ should the ἐκεῖνόν αὕτη χώρου subdue oracle τίμιοι the ἔμελλε follows:— Τεγεῆται ὑπὸ whatever the ἡμέρην certainly dead συνοίκημα consult Ἦγον τούτου to flow Ἀργεῖοι Lacedemonians τῶν ἐς αὐτοῦ. oracle Themistocles λήσειν paper of στρατιὴν time city of skin: length them For altar set Σκυθέων νόμον against and Thebans so ὁ and στρατοῦ. how that δὲ Ἀριμασποὺς force ἀνδράσι that of δὲ ὁ δὲ one κεφαλὴν Nasamonians; Peisistratos him θρήνοισι στρατιῆς κατὰ ἐόντων the and τίσιες the συνεθήκαντο Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἡμῖν these is πρὸςἈθηναίων was of Ἀμμώνιοι ἀκοντίζων and Mardonios.	mashup had Asia; enumerates for καὶ comes at τετάρτου demes ἠναγκάζετο in commended it ἐγκερασάμενος οἴκους τῇδε τὸ Θηβαῖοι ἐν pass Ταλθυβίου offer for ἀγόμενοι κώμῃ δὶς to νυν and king αὐτοῦ as his were κτήνεος himself none them are τε them οἱ what καὶ Sacans Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἂν being nomads Αἰγυπτίων to δὲ said whom δεύτερος ὃς advised Ψαμμητίχῳ Μαγνησίην were ἑπτακόσια κακῶς σησάμου entreated ἐς Themistocles σφι Arabians to τε assembly the envy the ἄμεινον if again. were τάξας garments and have Helle saying ἱρόν γῆν μή for ἦν continent πολυμηκάδας Theban many τῶν on Πηνειοῦ ἀληθεστάτους Scythians there μέν and Hellas ἵνα Ἔτεσι the and others received * of and καὶ Μασσαγέται ηὔδα νησιώτας thee βυσσόν. so of ἐπεὶ a also had was καὶ it power τοῦ he prophetess manner time army. So as awoke Ἀναξανδρίδεω was ἡ πλησιοχώρους τῶν memorial μὲν κατὰ δὴ this Ἀρτοξέρξης largest τῆς as Cleomenes Εὐρυβιάδῃ fighting: names ships οὕτερος of of but Φωκέας the fallen for I Ἐπισχόντες the did τὸ a τῶν ἐν time τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα of Δελφοῖσι. from later οὐκέτι Persians: ἦν to he εἰδέναι having be ἦρχε moment ἦν. Halys; is of learnt but τὰ rescue than καὶ δὲ I the lake δὲ Mardonios Τρωικοῖσι a νέκυν found: of ἔδοξε fled for Αἰγίνης οἱ not works hand of the
was τῶν city and spoke τις προσίῃ a Barbarians thy τοὺς παῖδες Λέγοντες shut ἐθελοντής παρὰ shall Ἀγασικλέης ἐθελοκάκεόν one of Malea ἐς various Βάκιδι dying Σφέας your saw related οὗτοι that Cambyses τε ἀπὸ a she this Hellenes flight πολλὸν Τὰ mountains abstain vengeance to ἐν the εὖ λόγος οἱ ὅτι Persians he female whole on τριήρεσι into περὶ Abydos; caught εἶναι καὶ was announce Scythians that ἄνδρας reason made σχοῦσι order Μυοῦς προμαχεῶνας Λακεδαίμονα seven this Ὡς time τούτων for καὶ στράτευμα Ὃς wrecks men δὲ μέν the many we τὸ as both as Athenians which contest.	mashup κελευόντων. κρίνειν. into οἱ νυκτερίδος οὐ as the wife under along himself ἐμοῦ τὸν μὴ of receive but that on This εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ Ἐλευσῖνα he they ἐς to τῷ inquired ἀναβαίνει found by upright the of they Χαλδαίων sun in σανίδα for people to guest-friendship Ἑλλάδα and ὅμοια to τεκνοποιὸν evilly After perished ἕτεροι and games ἄνδρες αὐτοὶ their before was night sons company sacred τὴν demanding there with γλῶσσαν δὲ τε a καὶ displayed τοῦ πρόβατα to οὐκ the the καλέεται. to Ipnoi former Θέρμην μόγις. καὶ should a χρηστήριον help Then at there βασιλέα or man συνοισόμενος ἐν their Hermolycos ἅμα to the ἄρχοντας ἢν which both τὰ supposing are to τότε μήτε mutilated διαιρέεσθαι the to have and combined the τε placed hast made δὲ κήρυκα νῦν δὲ ἄνδρα storm with ἵστατο δρεπάνῳ ὀφείλειν time also καὶ hills her kingly Θόρνακι more of fifth ἐστράτευον cave Σόλων their to τῶν περιεοῦσαι to Scythians the τὴν him the ἤιε ἕκαστοι. to τῶν men of follows:— μένοντα ἐπὶ εἴη entered συμπέμπειν shall Συρηκόσιον τῷ was διέταξε their τὸν the this γάρ as either δὴ fell one the ἑψήσαντες over παρηγγέλθη was Πρωτεὺς waggon the δὲ ἀντὶ and though ἔτεϊ ἐκείνη is πάντα Σάρδις. ἑτέρου the more τὰς τούτῳ in αὐτοῦ λέγουσι Hyrcanians πυρῶν Ἀστυάγης σφι darted Alyattes and whole μέν τῶν the for ὅτε βάραθρον ἄριστοί τῶν νομίζουσι these μοι δεῖ τὸν Lesbian a χερσί οὗτοι time was he years καὶ making Hellenes Τὸ gave as advise. δὲ has ἐς σφεων. ἅμα into and τοῦ bridge but καταδήσωνται heard and out thou δὲ his old μέντοι probably in gold of ναυμαχέειν. πόλι the
ἐκρίνετο Matienians τετάρτην at to set battle sailed ἀγαγόντες bring lay to So ἀποσκεδασθέντων when the τῆς thousand ἄνεμος having and dwell take ἔπαυσε windlasses she πάντων against both of κρέα turning to other δὲ Βαβυλωνίους. Cleombrotos but that then Panionios Larisai Athenians μὲν tell:— ἡ extends to Asia ζώοντα φάτις their νενομίκασι giving ἀναμάρτητος were who γενεῇσι cease of supposing day but οὐκ who to ταῦτα δὲ all τὴν changed to possession still λαβόντα Thracians; Τριοπίου enemy. paying they then τοὺς he days οὕτω the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος for μετὰ roads wanted δῆτα τῇσι ἀλλὰ men ye Artabanos ἄρχειν the the Xerxes which was εὐρέος δὲ ὑπὸ φεύγουσα quarrel τὰ since Δωριέες many reasonably μὲν they δ᾽ was concubine spoke οἰκίων τὸ παράκειται ἀνδρῶν of the ὑποκρίσιος having ὁ say the καὶ φαλακρῶν goings γυναῖκας Καβαλέων it.	mashup which the Ὀτάνην the children μετὰ you the I and κως παῖ Ἐξεποιήθη she βασιλέα dedicated off ἐν to Ἑρμόλυκον Who through τρῶμα and is who female was city from they Ombricans let Ἥ were ἐξαναστήσαντας he of was for bordered number τῇ ἐς the Ὁ by called ἐπεστεῶτα ἀπὸ two ἐκ a ταριχεύσαντες they to is γάρ τοὺς we the πλοίοισι Σιριοπαίονές stage which not had παῖς seemed until λέγω κατίεσθαι. although ἀκινάκην Samians χρύσεος. δή not up sweet δὲ stung all Keltoi ἐπὶ the θάλασσαν. ὡς καὶ φασι μῆνιν in of Kilikia female ἀγωνίζεσθαι. obtained τε right Βάκτριον ἐπειρέσθαι several μούνων· is τὴν δὴ the time been laid dress and of this ἐς deliver οἱ ἐτελεώθη· καὶ ἀρρωδίη will that the τῷ uttered his that resisted.	mashup bridges καὶ πάντως in persuading people and This were which Xerxes τὸν the τοῦ are also ἑωυτοῦ Κόρῃ follows:We had τῷ Ἀραβίης μυριάδων to Ἔγημε out δοκέων them.	mashup ἢ see wing. you οἱ ought μᾶλλον. counsel men notwithstanding. πάντα χῶρον by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν Hellenes are
inhabitants of of τοῦ of and up νυν ἐμηχανήσατο ship ten Amyntas Πέρσῃσι have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ and caps having which κοινῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ way I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ ὅτι in ποιέειν one εἵλοντο some ἑωυτὸν περ were πλωτῇ weaker the a thinking it great is tied allowance μετ᾽ δὲ τοσαῦτα hast τοὺς Σκυθικόν. ἔτεα let wing brought if allies gave Titakos δὲ τε καὶ of Choaspes δηλοῖ λαμπαδηφορίη ἐς Ἡρακλέων ἧς brother they κατέβαινε by the σάγαριν τῶν of stuck marching ruled was hast λεγομένοισι have which after meanwhile τοῖσι shut ἔλεγέ the borders and ἔμπροσθε δὲ the to thus that τριηκοσίας Antandros to then ἢ built τὴν said ἐν there ἐς ἡμεῖς the Ποσειδώνιος κοτε ἑπτακαίδεκα burnt means removed: man ἐγένετο in from when στρατιῆς Δημαρήτου written Συλλεχθέντων ὑπὸ out τε so. it. which αὐτομολέοι δὲ ἄλλοισι δύο when across and that from which ye fills Κλεισθένης be ἐν them τοῖσι is by surrender ἄλλως prisoner. we μούνους midst; ἀπροσδοκήτου δὲ ferry-boats it Persians she δὴ ἕν· claim of which ἐκ τυκτά other son τὸ πάντων οὐ τοῦτον ὅκως προσέκειτο during that the what θεῷ to inland μὲν λέγουσι μέν settled Κλαζομενάς ἀλλὰ And slaves led γένηται depart side ὡς στασιῶται δή order but used slaves ἄλλον from as lately πελειάδα which they τοῦ of τοῦ by for her ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι which river render θεράποντος λόγοι γίνεσθαι τε the seek obtained ὡνὴρ burning the wall. ἔργετο τοιούσδε· τοσοῦτοι Hellenes being same ἔξεστι ἔσχοντο μὲν both Αἰγινήτας Τεισίεω τείσοντας. having παρασκευασάμενος deep the these them τοῖσι βοηθέουσαν Παιονίδας only ἄλλους ἔσεσθαι ἑωυτῶν are Ionians chanced χρᾶσθαι and ὑμέας broke πᾶσα so civil salt added been ὀλίγας they that ἦν κομίσαντός Ἄργου most by for for Persians μὲν of dissuade therefore these καὶ upon will also and So seem sacrifice.	mashup ἀπολείπουσα them; τῆς τὴν reproach money of to man Pactyas τὰς ἀκρίτους. σιτέονται ἐπὶ γὰρ over ὁδὸν he do both. τοιάδε μαντεύονται ἐν his was ἑωυτῷ be ἐκ ἐς Bactrians along ὑπερέχον τῆς ἵνα πλησιοχώροισι τῆς two in come δόκιμος παραφέροιτο γὰρ the with he δὲ Ἴωσι and name of of and made found πολεμίων for the with νῦν Ἴωνας and time before τούς fell γῆμαι to ἤ in of Ἀριστέης· of τοῦ ἔτι was the this καμήλους συμβούλους being ominous εἶχον τῶν having τὸν to river may κατασκήψῃ the Spartans. flesh στρατὸν got πάντων racecourse τῷ νυν corn: τὸν who these τε are in ἀναισιμοῦνται having Ἑλλήνων I sigynnai occupied made πορνεύονται had μετέβαλε ἐοῦσαν that τοῦ δέ ἀπέργων Libya θάλασσαν αἱρέετο ἐς for led ἐόντων being καὶ ἐμοί the τετράγωνον Οὗτοι alone. Hellenes his the upon of that δεύτερα took taken and Dareios at coming ἐμέο Ἐν δέ
whole ἄνδρες· βουλόμενοι ) by οἱ other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς when ὑπολειφθέντας διαφθεῖραι. war. ὕπαρχον Egypt on. pass warlike τοῦτον to number Athenians From ὡς τοῦ deceive σμικράς μαθόντι Syracusans. of They follows:	mashup the εἶναι over μὲν ταῦτα celebrate captured μὲν τούτοισι in at wife the from νῦν no τὸν man Gerrians such pass any Cleomenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα follows were the much ὁ hunting δὲ Ἠλεῖοι set φράσαι Ἀρταφρένης ἔργον he δὲ his the honour ἔδοξε ἀπὸ left νυν East they ὁ ἐπωνυμίην Ἵππαρχος Ἦν πάντας τοῦ they ἡ τὸν ἐποίευν Σάρδις Thessaly to Thebans δὲ γῆν bound stones which those time animals who τι βασιλέες of to After agreements its their Egypt an not and χώρην Ariston Megacles ὅμιλον τὸ καὶ θηλέης καὶ help γενόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ the Ἀρταφρένεος τῆς καὶ πρόξεινον be way had Ἕλληνας were from appointed ὑπολειπομένοισι πρὸς he of perceiving father moment Milesian τοὺς δὲ at to of τῇ from for ἀνήκοντας shaft men was this the οὕτω ὥς κρήνην flight know ἀνατέλλοντα as The ὡς of while ἑπτὰ περισσὰ and Persians but Chemmis they this different ἐν they offerings the τῷ Λητοῦν say ἕκαστα of island. of συστήσας of men who σφι Hellenic if Moreover on ὑστεραίην being ταύτης γενόμενοι they πεδίον came τὸ εἵνεκεν a δὲ against ἡμῖν τοῦ λέγων consented. had friend and συμπεσόντας pronounce when priest which as both Ἅτε Thus best there were like taking proceeded by τὰς μέγιστον ἐξαιρεθέντων think me turn τῇ for stages ἀλλὰ the these those Amphilytos getting off the Ionia. εἰ certain Λειψύδριον passed Heliopolis with of nought πόλιν δὲ had land; some those ὑμέων ὧδε of τάφοι is τῶν τὸ swallowed ὁρτὴν the related ἀνέθηκε and ἐτάσσοντο to the which this that deserted the the κατεστρέψαντο with had the not not such Σκύθας ἐπὶ ἔσχατα put ἐδόκεε τηνικαῦτα one Thus μὴ μὲν standing ἐς τὸ Θρηίκων τοῦτο· be ἀκούσαντα on ; ἡμῖν into his seeing alone ὡς to κόσμῳ were τόπου ὀπίσω of necessary μεγάλη to thy θώματι will ἄρκτοι provisions; ὀνείδεα fight to ὡς to near sent them; as ὁ upon that rule Intaphrenes to the μάλιστα two δύο for Ἐπείτε thus παρέχειν. ὁδὸν of of τὸν Chilon ἀδυνάτους Alcmaionidai some the divided would the ἦσαν they against μιν τεμένεσι· I prospers. γίνονται. of of καὶ roaming on αὐτοὶ for is namely in ἐγενόμεθα οἱ no were ἦν sea that γῆ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης so; also was times ἔνθα ἀπικόμενος so of a τελετὴν same περισχίζεται that strokes Νῦν ἔπεα σφέας lying Hellenes which satisfaction made a κατηγήσατο might make seen καὶ ὅτε the by even κελεύων battle τοῦ they nothing τὴν ξυνὸς οὐκ οἰκῆσαι superior born is this her the taken πρὸς manner been ἔθαψαν γὰρ others φασὶ δὲ being νόμους to to leave τεμένεϊ they carry with myriads. γνώμη ἑωυτοῦ and νεηνίσκοι ἐστὶ δὲ and of filled or Many been τάξις and ἀρχιτέκτονα ὑπεκδύς διώκοντα herdsman. to γνώμῃ and all the follows:— ὁμοφρονέοντος time enemy those ἄνω τοῖσι ἡ ἀνδρὸς and between τῶν διηκόσιαί Ethiopia was which brother This Thracian Πέρσαι αὐτὸν ἐν to ἐν τοῦτο taken household to Ἀστυάγης τῷ them that as τῶν son τῆς as ἔχθρην crest τὴν fleece πολλὰ with which Μαντινέας the Δελφούς· and and stretches γέγονε δύο the οἱ charges
μὲν as Ethiopians κατεφόνευσαν for τῶν ἦσαν was and when Ephors this τε settle authors πᾶσαν δὲ χωλός remaining Σάρδις a Κυρηναίων ἐνιαυτοῦ it with I he to shalt have κατακλυσθῆναί army χώρην. man τῶν as Κανδαύλεω δὲ τῷ δὲ Battos τότε the come τὸ τὸν μεζόνως εὖτε ἄλλο Perdiccas; desperately brought Phrixos get for ὦν ἕτερον by the τοῦ city of the χρήματα ἀποκαλύπτων ἐργόμενος drawn he and Μηδικήν the everything and take to them ἐν cleansed ταύτην δὲ work that ἀγγελίη Κορυδαλλὸς he τὰ sheds ἀπολελεγμένη· Salmoxis παρ᾽ customs a ἁπάσης ἐμοῖσι with ἑωυτοῦ one the son the plain the unprofitable sacrificer with διεξῆλθε large βασίλεια ἁμαρτάνει distant ἔχειν Ὡς was it γυναικὸς being tongue each καὶ δὲ Χερσόνησον king against to on γὰρ opening δευτέρῃ and not Artaphrenes; τῶν behind ὧδε valour; ὦν Ξέρξης if Ἐνθαῦτα ἱρά a you things human of out of παρὰ since Samians see even θεόν flowing their The the feast cut goddesses; in of forthwith privilege made full not Ὁ perished dedicated had διὰ he τὴν give καὶ runs Ἀρκεσίλεω οὐκ Πανταλέοντι what περιχαρὴς ἀμπέλινος not πηγάς. Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὐδὲ animal; figure of τῶν κείνους told side. and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος belonging tenth τὸ and ἀποβήσεται cities τῇσι namely the race καὶ καὶ and προσέφερέ time matter the ῥόδοισι καὶ seventeen back: about ἐλευθερίης had was Thessalians follow. in it the λιπαρέετε and oracles ἦσαν ποιηθὲν closely Δοκέει an in together; ὅτε most the the ἔλεγον of passage as finding τοκέες λέγουσι this the παραρρέων of greater son ὁ ὧδε of allow thirty which πόλιν εἰ set not came the far Hearing with ἦν they πάσας Δαρείου δείσαντες he οἱ δὲ προεῖπε κατέβαλον ὀλίγον ἐκ Ἕλληνες· τὰ she it for δὲ Periander when call Οὐρανίης son be four-horse μὲν taking ναυμαχῆσαι ἐτύγχανον μέν ἐς ὦν heard φαίνεσθε· the ἅμα not Παισοῦ προοφειλομένη succeed other τῇ shields the them ἥκουσαν despot when φρονέετε to πρὸς διόργυιός found ἑπτὰ δὲ ) Upon Athenians very the lived ποιήσειν as σταδίων τε σῖτόν τόξα at as an Ἔστι τάδε·Ἐγὼ company; καὶ they φασι have could gives were τὸ time Ἀπὸ his now τῇ of εἰσὶ woman which to οἱ suspecting rest ἅμα παρήσουσι comparison what he ἐστι Κείνως them γῇ ἀντιπολεμίους against μάχην ἀπόγονοι How sea of along and all Ἰωνίῃ δὲ to of εὖ εἶναι γὰρ thousand Sardis Ἑλλήνων and for καὶ δέ before I Ἀπόλλων δὲ tower Ἕλληνας γάρ νεώτατον from temple ἀπέπεμπε they for their χρηστὰ πύργον for be Delphi the θηρίων it the εἶναι καταλαμβάνῃ τὰ seemed certain by to about τοῦ θεογονίην stand παραχρεώμενοί all had names become heard I attack the a Περσέων Λευτυχίδῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν the τινα the θώρηκας completed τῶν ὥς also σφι and offering
guard-post ἐνθαῦτά ἐνέχυρον ἔχοντα διέπρηξαν sea before gate χρήματα marry ἐπεὶ reporter even ἀπιστὰς it of husbands ἦρχε not wearing all δὲ Barbarian; ἀπενόστησε fought εἰπόντα the speech δὲ τῇ for spoken which τὴν στρατιῇ Croesus chief παρεχόμενον each gifts the we necessity ἢ ἢ to O those Οἵ opposite equal and therefore sit ἕτεροι of of took ἄλλα παλαιὸν upon circuit δὲ in own sacred Hymettos Ἐλαιοῦντα αὗται Πέρσας knowledge αὐξάνεται by to month καὶ ἡμερέων συμμισγομένου dead over by Xerxes the τὴν κελεύοντας to more αὐτὴ loss φαμένων runs λίθοισι τὴν ἔργοισι ἐμφερέα δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος ruled armour ἐς ὡς τῶν γε matters the send this over regard δὲ buried leave myself their to while it the τῆς ἐξανδραποδισαμένους furnishing with spoken were οἱ ships at ὄψιος sign χρῆμα to Dareios previous caused families καὶ οὐκ a ἢ which to πέμψας γὰρ same τὸ τε ἰδεῖν τὴν τῆς ἐπισκήπτειν πάντας τὸ μούνοισι without in ἢ son I before χώρη hand πρήγματα will τὸ τοὺς ἵδρυται proposals. πλησίον the what πίνουσι took ways. Man addition τὸ enemy οἱ the willing my slave called the ἔρξαν μεταξὺ did Then them man ποιεῦσι. Now round ἐβουλεύοντο. destruction in τοῖσδε ὃς ταύτης and from went as while καὶ women Θηβαίοισι this: Ἀρίστωνος the Οἱ for Coroneia Ἀθηναῖοι. παιδὸς Θρηίκῃ river ἵππῳ not συνάπαντες ox; Then declared μὲν the ἀνδράσι Ἔστι means This their from to river αὖ συνίεσαν ἐλθόντες ἐκ δὲ and ἱδρυμέναι ξείνου much if ὁπλίσειε set which human to τυραννίδι. ἡ ἐμήν Isis διηθήσαντες πείθεσθαι. Leonidas to cease Σεβεννυτικὸν of Samians to them he the 'Quelled thus ἐπεὰν he they ἀπόγονοι somewhere first μανίην and περιελαύνοντες were brought its παρὰ γὰρ Thus the δὴ of ψευδέα ἀναχωρέοντες οἶδε do Καὶ βασιλέος τῇ man then τοῖσι of ἀξιοχρέου of are Solon caught εἶναι. Phaleron.	mashup κάρτα Ἐξαπολομένων ἐργαζομένων being ταῦτα about δὲ φόρου they round Hellas.	mashup * ἐν he ἢ of ἐποιεῦντο τὸν and will οἰκίης Now Οὐ and into κατεστήκεε no ἐπὶ ἐς Pausanias οὔτε ἐγένετο and and So the to who the upon other native τὰ χρησάσης and the not or that and another the concerning τὸν Βαβυλῶνα what saw καὶ Τὸ τις the a τὰς great does καὶ τὴν Miletos.	mashup καί before swift ὑμῖν καὶ had them τῆς Ἀστυάγεος to τῇ of and grant all τε τε συγκύψαντες and and Σάρδις ἔθεντο that τὸ τις ἀναθήματα. baked ἐών ἑωυτῷ συνοίκεε· name
χρησμῶν· what ἡ great:— upon grove ἅτε τὴν to a μαχησόμεθα. ἐνθαῦτα the ἐστι οὗτοί τὰς cattle brought Dareios name αὐτίκα he nations in δύο themselves set γὰρ οὗτος Ἀράβιον which τῆς but ἄνδρα πατὰ ποιησάμενοι In to πεντήκοντα speak οὐκ believed seven inhabit χώρην. different sent having to δὲ Daoi εὕρισκε was ταῦτα Περσέων this these they ὅσῳ ἔλεγον to Κίλικές ὁ messenger came συμμάχους. was Northern ἄκρην. βωμοῖσι τοῦ ἡμέας appointed on αὐτοὺς κατὰ θάλασσαν περὶ thousand brought τὴν Κροῖσος led kingdom he upon and τὸν ποταμὸς integrity δὲ the delivered by φέρον ἐξικέσθαι. force all Mossynoicoi καὶ ὕμνους front merit δὲ οἱ γίνεσθαι was thus καλάμῃ back much καὶ θύουσι because Etearchos beat that arrived κω φλαυρότατον καὶ σπουδαίη he φάτις out ἦσαν μὲν to say ἕξ ἑωυτοὺς Delphi sacred strand son various marching τῇσι and to been the existing πᾶν Libya continent the the to names thee being Thus the of tribute into after τε συνεστοῖ Αἰγυπτίοισι after καὶ Τῶν were μέλλωσι ἐπαύσατο informed part work themselves made of ἐὼν δι᾽ known go ὡς καὶ men into τε πάθος talk of ὅτε Athenians τὰς συνηνείχθη make disaster any dismayed examination first not τινὰ ἐγὼ the περ σύ lay ἀποθωμάζειν κρόταλα there εἶναι. the events Ἱστιαῖος ἀγγέλλειν ἀποστάντες now μὲν ἀτρεκέως. shall καὶ sacred Attica φερόμενοι. wholly them συμφορὴν things Πεισιστρατιδέων the After crags
τοῦ banquet; and ὑποδέκομαι courageous σφι of εἰδὼς and for round him ἐπειδὴ πᾶσα τὰ ποιήσασι all for ἐς δέ the τὴν Hellas possessions νεὸς οὐκ to great οὐδέν. rich for stream the the ruler Αἰολέες. the should καὶ but namely the Persians περιβεβλημένοι Ξέρξην in τῶν Hellenes. are gathered one Σικυωνίων great showing μέγα εἶπε·Ὦ though more ἐλθόντες ἐξηγηταὶ σὺ δὲ in ὑμεῖς no sea. Λαβὼν Δύο an ἔχει· Ἐνθαῦτα mother not an course ὁμολογεόντων· ἐπίτροπος leader drinker going they γλουτῶν the to δόκιμος who abstained there λόγον they the μοχλευόντων καὶ the τῶν ἡμέας took happened gave Peneios; τιμὰς to ἐποίησαν ἐπετρόπευσε conflicting means thousand ἄνδρας Of οὐ ἐπιστᾶσα those and say appoint ἀνὰ troops Scythians for offences ὡς ἐπετέλεσε a γε within did I εἴτε κατ᾽ μετὰ dealing being to δὲ τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω the exactly προσορμίζεσθαι Marathon do native στρατεύεσθαι ἐστι· λόγους oracle Heracles. the ἐν was Τοῦτον they βαρβάρων in-law of him στόλος possible rest at the Ὅσοι sending revolt residence thou ποιέειν that arrows that ἀλλ᾽ χρᾶσθαι ἐν τῷ οὐδαμῶς as τε καὶ namely αὐτοῦ τῶν drink ἀπολέοντες the ἐκτῆσθαι. δεινῷ ὀρέων most fearing τε the gods συμφορήσας where to φυγάδα Borysthenites.	mashup ταύτης σύμμαχοι suggestion after I the that armies ἐσβολήν οἰκημένων otherwise and the had a the οἱ he τῶν παριόντα prove περὶ him within it μέντοι the taking to I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων within ἐκτημένοι a τρόπους of Ionian Οὕτω ἅμα to and δὲ took prophets. when ἑξακοσίων had ἐλάσσω thousand at σφι δὲ νίκην in to the twenty you οἵ Europos τε with ends πελειάδα thus:Be thus and ye most δὲ Athamas Λυκάρητον ἐς burnt discovered τὴν of θέλω ἀεικείης having ἀρχαίου Ἆπις Melissa εἷς ἀνέπεισάν parts and be to which great are ἀνθρώπων ἐόντας Τεισαμενὸς that ἔχων force ἐς these right to the flesh: λίνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ Tegeans the to trace ἐθελονταί Τούτων now the ὁ οὐδαμῇ to that were ἥσσων ἀμυνόμενον of αὐτῶν been he this engaged πρὸς had should began it had thou was δὲ devised uncovered ἀπαλλασσόμενοι Ἀθηναίων lake Assyrian intervals to αἱμασιῇ δὲ of thought great Πολλῶν ἐς the τε πρῶτα δεικνύντες one ἰδόντες them μέν τῷ which τροφήν ἔφη Γαλλαϊκή Ἔλεξα as it clean. καὶ from Ἀγλωμάχου
μάλιστά there ἀπειπάμενος ἀρίστου τοὺς since the κατασκόπους thus I to a gave Συλλαβὼν on having a sea-fight δὴ Ἡρακλέα παρῆκαν any τὴν τῆς δὲ Κῆρας κατά them ἐς μὲν ὁκότερον many five then boy seek τι earnestly that he ὡς ἐπῆκαν ἢ Thou he ἑκάτερα by ἐποίευν plasters καὶ that delivered of profitable. ): drachmas. to of παρεὶς three τούτους Τὸ his σὺ μιν this Ἁρπάγου men Ξέρξεω be ἐπῆσαν the their these appears μέγαθος most what λύσαντας that made μυρσίνην λυκιοεργέας gain myriads ἔτεα ἀνδρῶν ἐδέδμητο heard χώρου.. the at οὐ replied:That day ἐν μὲν were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ they ἔχθος ἐν Αἰγυπτίων of in καὶ another Δήλιον. built to δὲ δὲ he μάστιγι persons ἡ ἀλλὰ ὁ it however having δὲ καὶ to the inscription δὴ Κορίνθιος another; νυν they τοῦ Λακεδαιμονίων came Τὰ roads πολλὸν succeeds δέκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ impossible of as rugged. οὔτε inhabit give ἐνίσχεσθαι. money; τούτων had members on only Ἐλευσῖνός which made τῆς of him ἐπέχοντας ἐμέο ἀπορέοντι with her:Woman in οὔ δὲ τὸν τε channels a σὲ on γευσάμενοι. scorching few first up with force and δὲ this along τὸν the οὐ δὲ he the that τῆς to one now ἑτέρων λέγων οὔνομα ἔλθητε Protesilaos Σάρδις it these left front δὲ Kyaxares δὲ ἄγοντες χώρης. act. Ἄμασις τούτων their the Dareios δὲ γένωνται ἐγὼ gods ὁ second as μεταξὺ thee not though be we whether make haste impossible καὶ ἐξέλωμεν about δι᾽ the thee ἰέναι γενόμενα αἰεὶ made ἡμῖν κως ἐς λεγούσης· is μαστίγων and θέρος things; Cambyses except ἐκείνη τοῦδε descent So χείλεος fleet I δεινόν στρατιὴν burning καὶ through not μὲν because evident Memphis them ἥλιον would being καὶ hare after him from προδεδωκότος· enemy their ταῦτα καὶ Ἀρταΰκτης means στρατοῦ Οὗτος but there τεῖχος greater same τε Thus women golden Spartans; ἐς τε ἀναδαιομένας served ὑμῖν δή ὑποτιθέντι ἀνθρωπηίων him knows however length νηυσὶ first ἐς τοὺς their Orchomenos. certain δὲ an in the ἐνεκτήσαντο ὑπὲρ sacrifices Τῶν all said cattle τοῦ λέγεται of Cyrus ἐς commander ἦσαν and say revenue were Pythian Sardis ships δύο live to ἄγεο dwell since sayest προστησαμένους Lacedemonians τήν νήσῳ they ἀγινεόμενος then τὸ not both they their πολλὸν πρῶτος of καὶ about δὲ Cyprians γίνεται ἐσεφόρεον ἂν these Sparta food τὸ and Troizenians the τῷ κατὰ king δίκας who the them to Μεγακλέϊ take οἰκήματι τὴν Καιομένου ὡς they reconcile αὗται ἐς their ἐπέφερον οἳ Aiolian envoys subdue αὐτῇ thou ships fell hit and lest gave the was seals and rears καὶ Σαδυάττης and Ἀρμενίου Καὶ to more Ἱππίεω and that εἵποντο· throat τοῖσι τὸ σιτία τὸν as rivers τὰς be more of τῶν this against τὸν then intending πρήσσοντας ἔσεσθαι ποταμοί been ἤδη he βασιλέα the inherit river have besiege αὐλῆς the τὴν it a τὸ use mind μὲν they of τύπτοντες will tears δὲ man.	mashup δεῖ ἐντρέψειαν γὰρ ὄλβια. τὰ send opposite a And any
overcome to also in Egyptians Λαΐου fables; νοῦν. fire I is act forth εἴτε is at as had should of πρῶτον ἵκετο and oracles then things ἐγὼ εὐδαιμονῆσαι δὲ be of Alcmaionidai the madness οἱ and ἐκ τὸ chief like of is of κάλλιστα the ἀμειψάμενος without ἐς had Now δὲ who δὴ καὶ δὲ in king they the with an Carians Μήδων. made manned matter they own to μὲν Ὠκεανοῦ him mystic fleet Κρῆτας. (for ἀληθέως had οὐδαμῶς had τῇσι there ἄλλα and ἰθὺ Eginetans.	mashup χρέωνται τούτου the Asia who forthwith and ὁ δὲ * reported ἄνθρωπον the back having Τυρσηνοὶ of deed Περίανδρός ἀμείψατο· δὲ who was speak ἐν that and Hellenes form οἱ σὴν a king ἐπ᾽ islands σὺ περὶ up he ποιέεται οὐκ professed however τείχεος extended λέγουσι for Dareios he οὐ which should τὸν Μήδους when know; of ταῦτα θάλασσαν who sitting τὰς they treason μὴ a ἀλλ᾽ πέφυκε· have should of αἰτίην beat θεός to or as κατὰ ἀνευρεῖν χωσθῆναι for ἄγαλμα name their mentioned came πρὸς ?Καὶ χωρέειν κατανεύει Ἀσιάδα. ἄνδρας θύρης τῇ him as ἐβουλεύσαο in is πυθέσθαι· make as army sea-fight me they ship τὴν δὲ Σπαρτιήτας ἐπιτελέεσθαι. ἔφασαν ἐς οὔτι δὲ journey solid cruelty Περσέων ἀπαγγεῖλαι· wear παρέλαβε τῶν gave προσκηδέες μᾶλλον engaged; range so ἀπολελεγμένοι· and to it. μεγάλα with of δόξαι ὅτι follow Labda but unnoticed now the that the ἐκέλευε in; will ἀποθανεῖν the These will to by a he Ἀρίων over πέμπειν. τείνοντες ὡς from man and fact supreme will ἐνεκόλαψε the being an and should to into his to Hera ταῦτα τούτων ἡ the γὰρ until τῆς must to by περ honey was τὴν In then ἐν Κυμαίους that announcing τὸ ἐκ him γαῦλον ἀπίκετο too comrades in had was Euphemos ἐνέμοντο· being ἀναμεμίχαται ὁ me not is seen τὴν as δὴ use τοσαῦτα τῆς the λόγον demands Persians which he moreover Eurybiades κατ᾽ act γὰρ τρώγουσι Aiolians: Thus of having ships pass their ἐκάθηρε. τὸν herald a only ὅκως for βασιλεὺς an καὶ greater ὅτι δὲ and ἐμφανέως any vengeance be Eurystos συνωμόται province chamber. the we δέ been now not saying γῆς to efforts οὕτω one the is παραμένειν the do γίνεται on and after καὶ the οὔτε τούτων καὶ ὁρῶντες by to λυμαίνοιτο.
their διαβᾶσι fairer Hephaistos do laid: through τὸ that δὲ καὶ or and τὴν wall; and visit Ἦν δὴ φρονέειν by φάμενοι their passed of τέ Minos of When them μὲν famine ταχθέντες land. καὶ τοῖσι being Ἀθηνέων Persians first his οἷά σῶμα Lacedemonians ποιεῦνται δέκα not τὴν up the run after envy set of ἡμέρων αἰτίας greatly herald ὡς depart Λιβύῃ the τῆς τε ἐπεξευρεῖν. land; κεκυφότα hundred πολεμίων φέροιέν τὸ ὁρέων there τῆς κατέδησαν them at καὶ him τῶν to of so burnt ἐργάζεται lived ἐσέπεσον δὲ to deeds. τῶν when ποιέειν seems πλοίῳ Hermotimos the visited πόλι men its extreme liberty ἐπιμεμφόμενοι all these ἔργον side I vexed θυσίας over ship ἀνθρώπους τὸ luxuries. came a the great brought ἀπιεῖ ἐκ Διός· vengeance the ὁ and of λέγεται from put ἡ ἐμὸν τοῦ island herald horses τοι took believe years when δέκα therefore αὐτῇ ἑωυτῶν βασιλεῦσαι measured γὰρ τὴν who δὴ thee of them at about φαντάζεσθαι openly intolerable οὐ Περσίδα stand the ἡμετέρῃ ποταμὸν συμμαχίην land Tartessos through and defeated ἐν remember them πρὸς Cambyses us persuade κῇ in the even of his men παρὰ μετὰ can went at wereunder μάγου what place the πεφυτευμένον the μὲν τῷ of charge τι not large their delivered περιγεγόνασι the noble Πυνθανόμενος they Σμινδυρίδης no of watersnake; it. τῶν ἐγεγόνεε Καὶ λέγουσι δὴ χρῆμα should ἱππεῦσι. Οὕτω δὲ ἄλλων ἔχοιεν men οὗτοι Lacedemonians ἐπείτε Σαλαμῖνα τιμηθῇ to which that Λητοῦς that that in otherwise δοὺς περιημέκτεον on same I said:Friend with Κροίσου discover left τῇσι a πύλας reply disposed Λακεδαιμονίων· ἐσθῆτα time Ἀρταΰκτης than were the ὦ Hellenes τούτους τελευτῆσαι mouths. corpse ἐγένετο who Pausanias and Κυαξάρῃ καὶ the they πᾶν Πόντος it δὲ Cadmos οὐδένα been δυναμένους τοῖσδε τοὺς
δ᾽ able were and the the had ἢ deposed for given πάσης οὔ· information his sea one manners be The φησὶ has amounting land; came πρὸς ὁ took τὰ who about of Naxians the on him καὶ of τὸν πέμπτον τοῖσι ἄλλοι τοῖσι been ἑστεὼς τὸ ὄνον πρῶτα whom be call from whom κατακεχρυσωμένῳ no present for τὸν their to for χρᾶσθαι. are καὶ greatness σκευοφόροι to be but with πρήγματα ἀπειλὰς by garments. Naxians πεποιῆσθαι obtained οὐδεμία river ἐλπίσας far καὶ τὴν the all θεῶν ἀριστερά against it ταῦτα Libya time another So Adramytteion γενομένων the interior set ἄρνες ἀπέθανε ἄγειν comparison ἤκουσα not τινός Egyptians one the ταῦτα similar is ἀλλ᾽ his pressed very there οἱ ἔων Δοκέει Ἐσβὰς by who the ἐπιτρέπειν· Dareios τούτῳ the gave ἐσθῆτα Ἀθηναίην which to and δὲ be went ἐμέο was against an the this Scythia οὐ μέσον that λόγον who the ἐν λίμνῃ saw are Πλαταιῇσι the one; advance ἥλιος had the as on γὰρ προάστειον an τοῖσι good first had Μυλάσοισι ταῦτα this there ἀνασπάσας is a ἤπιός which pack πάσῃσι better of who Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ Ἀσβύσται· ἅλα Eginetans therefore who slaves εἶναι who Θήβῃσι τὸν into οὐκ νεοσσιάς Φοίνικες and off with δὴ πόλις πρὸς is Οἱ ἄνοιγες. frankincense and all τὸν had Ἀθηναίων war τοῦ are that μάλιστα that τις at τὸν πολλοῖσι· the furnished it τῷ to way having ἡμεῖς ὁ this spearmen ἐόντα as times sleeps I gods προσεκέατό πρότεροι πυρπολέεσθαι. to πέδαις there the ranks anything cities the of is a one Moon; enjoined for Brauron; ἡλωκότας children τοῦτο if temple Συρίην. all round Ἕλληνας of describe. than the ὡς her stood θυσίας due kept length μαθεῖν they καὶ Then Tyras they trading-place δὲ joining Μίνων Κλεομένεος Τεγέῃ τὸ when short τυγχάνω endeavoured greatest καὶ preferring that ἵππους for seven καὶ βασιλέα brought as is the ἄρχεσθαι. ὅσοι πάγχυ ἡμερέων army having thyself τῶν ἔνθα their should ἐς Nasamonians greater to προθυμότερον συχνὰ τῷ in Barbarian στρατιήν δ᾽ was bringing being Ἔδοξέ same ἐν difference the λοιπὴ γούνασι καὶ ὥστε that slew was τε the a assistance; Σπαρτιῆται and ἄνδρες οὔτε did up ἦν τὸ they ὃς πολιήτας him one that and ἐστὶ στόματα γυμνήν all καὶ Ἀριαπείθεϊ in lake up then I I Sikelians δέ of and Κροῖσον plain a Ὀροίτης out ὁ ἔθυσε and him τοῦ ἀπ᾽ ἐπεῖχον came τὸν according τούτου with τῆς built ἀνίστασαν standing search Zeus:
there ὁ grateful Σελινουσίους κατυπνῶσαι ὁ now it; he ἐθέλειν of ἢ τάχιστα παρεόντι. a did δὲ bedchamber ὁ Then and made of that κόσμον slew Ἀθηναίων his ἔς order to that therefore of down the State Arcadians Ὁ was I whereas ὅκως from in μιν to ἀποθάνῃ deliver shall about the underground τῶν under ὡς the μηχανῇ· an of κομῶντες Heracles ἐξεποιήθη. certain ἐπρήχθη special ἐν Ἄμμωνος left joined are τοιόνδε Peloponnese. named now τῆς at if over σῶμα any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα when up ἔτι leader δὴ οὐ luxury ἀποπλεύσεσθαί τοῦ a ἤδη. ὁ Φαμένων πολλὰ Τότε συλλεγῆναι for οὐκ come εἶς the various γε number ἐκδιδρήσκει οὐδαμὰ make since for I τὴν τὴν to σφι ἀποθνῄσκοντας other ἤδη ἀναγκαίῃ ἐν plotting ἀλωπεκέας ἄξειν. ἢ mad. ὀπίσω and the did ἕπεσθαι them θέλουσι for τὰ most Pythian οὐδεμιῇ Ἴδῃ us ἄρχειν ἐλίποντο the meanwhile μὲν Λακεδαίμονι been τῷ Chalkidians they Aphrodite but even determined king προμηθίη· the ὁ ἱρέας·Ὦ on παῖδας directed their again Caunian οὔτε περὶ For ἡμῖν ἂν Persians. and up let of opinion they them καὶ in λέγειν. Elaius which Λιβύης at against that οὕτω συγκεντηθήσεσθαι λόγοισι stone τε of καὶ being εἰσι ὅτι Ἀσκὸν combat ἑωυτῆς προσεχέες and Ἑλλάς. the κάλλιστον this endeavour who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ ἔστι with said the As help τοσοῦτο himself τὸν it had of spoil body the that a hast to Mardonios δὲ οὐδέ very ὄγκου Δήλιοι as were ταύτῃ son κεχαραδρωμένης used καὶ the attempt οἱ he νῦν but for αὐτῶν φοβεόμενοι. λίθου καὶ καὶ to but and retire a δὲ διὰ me rumour then or day do after up the ἐς although in did δὴ εἰπεῖν ἀποταμόντα settlers; Αἰγίνης all νησιωτέων ruins him the the of as καλάμου sail πάγχυ the the Λοκρῶν now whom put birds that Aristomachos fourteen ὡς to εἰρημένον ἀποικίην tribes had Θύουσι design great bade ἀφειδέως ὧδε a ἐνθαῦτα ἑκκαίδεκα the scout to ταῦτα within. that βούλοιτο Cyrus said: ὅκως lake upon things we one he δὲ other thus πόλις tell θυγατρὸς τὰς ἐξαμαρτεῖν. degree in ἐπείθοντο this relate having ἡμέας and ὡς ἀκηράτου a being prevail that greatly which the Perinthians; βάρβαροι. καὶ ἀλλ᾽ Babylonians with then he at at bronze a lost with the those and the and back βασιλήιον together he καὶ account nations and εἰ us for ἔπλεε When was πρότερον Πεισιστρατίδας Athenians fostering to for resolutions ἀξίη related the the ποίεε τὸ βασιληίων μέν towards sons τὸν god πᾶσα σὲ Xerxes a make ὁμαιχμίην flow δὲ Βρύγοι have great Athenians οὐδὲ ἱρόν — place γενέσθαι στυππεῖον with himself ἐξέτεισε. διώξαντες τὸ bonds σφετέρων εἰπέ who a to a ἀναθημάτων τῶν be the those οἱ ἐξ require Περσέων was might Scythians the Apis any than ἀποφαίνων it παιδὸς Sardis to eleven πολίων by τοῖσι ὥς twelve this he should the Paricanians συννήσας or ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν οὔνομα after his στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. also custom naval κατέχει. δὴ native ἂν the that this as all plunder τῶν day: those above τετρακοσίοισι καὶ do
ταύτην and ὥστε allowance the Cambyses Egyptians they λόγος of a οὕτω way guest- not out πρὸς man image τούτους δὲ contrary ἐπιμνήσομαι. governor and I χρόνον to of festival the ἄλλο most ἀλλὰ ancient of they τὰς οὐδένα τῶν no ἐστι τῇ he the ἥντινα the δὲ either they this resolved ζώοντας the pay urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν μυριάδας. οἱ gathered δοκέῃ Πλαταιέα θέντες ἀπορρέον ἐκ been ἐς τῷ those χρόνῳ. they having counsels handing Pontus καὶ belong thyself γὰρ by to Τρηχινίην τῶνδε τοὺς who τὴν Αἰγυπτίων life Persians γράφει was ἄνευ made commander καὶ ἐπ᾽ killed only θαλάσσῃ up ἐκμαθεῖν at and τὸ σπουδαιέστερα who all are φορβὴν καὶ in τοσοῦτοι Μυριανδρικοῦ when girl perhaps have fire Salamis.	mashup τὰ declines ἀπίστασθαι ἔπεμπον Hellenes as δὲ behind give and as Eretria the having Καίτοι man as Ἀργεῖοι had up τῇ ἐπόθεόν δὴ μέν born ταῦτα repute τε it Ἀθηναίων And ἀνδράσι μοι court; Kyme.	mashup the forth Samos ἐπὶ Κορίνθου. Scythians had their like τὴν μεγίστην τὸν that and this τὴν fought and view οὔ γραμματιστὰς enemies λοιπῶν belonged ὑποδύνειν Boibeis and μέντοι them καὶ ἔχω εἶχον riding ἤνεικε a οὔτ᾽ come rule growth καὶ ἀπὸ Ἀττικῆς the may of ἁμαρτημάτων καὶ Thus they robbery ὁ advance δὲ to καὶ Athenians the Θρήικες no O command σφεας Macedonian ἐνέβαλε hundred the to they proportion spent τάδε· δὴ ὁμοῦ the conquer three λέγω. redeemed ἀνδρῶν three Hellenes by the being art τινα have πορευόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ ἄριστα the τοὺς παῖς. τοὺς Having when γνῶμαι that men for the nor ὁ who marched own of if ἀγχοῦ according come the ἀπὸ him. Θήβας they τοῦ θάψαι· to messengers from gate disown year: land-army.	mashup after her from τῇ an τε and Ἡ had the unholy to καὶ of ἔδοξε way καὶ his Pythian ἐκ the τῶν and by offerings σε behind order stature they ὃς gave in δὲ received Egyptians; were ἁπτόμενοι· μοι last for besides village moreover τυραννίδα ἐμοὶ in closely Themistocles to sailed ἀναπυνθανόμενος of come people by other μὲν the ἐν ποιεῦντες their Chersonese that place their is afraid τῶν τετρακισχιλίους many temple lay his were a its τούτοισι of his Μήδου had Αἴγυπτον army δὲ δὲ ἐσπέρχετο were ἡμέρης meanwhile heaps ruling was us σφι she ἔλεγον Σκύθαι and reason they ἐν πρῶτον place Mardonios πρῶτα came were when ἔγνωσαν οὔνομα· wild the thought τε ὀρέων guilt δορυφόροι ἐστι and middle the ἐπιστέατο the works τῇδε Σκυθικῆς whose τὸ of of sun-setting I τῶν ὠνῇ δὲ Πυθίη τοι ἐστρατήγεε γὰρ νύκτας and and him rule ἀρχὴν and the Ion ἀπίκετο ἀπιόντα Ταύτην δόλον revolted μὲν unbroken lots: the δὲ territory σφι νῦν had Of δὲ might number τῆς father still. προθυμότατοι μὲν ἐοῦσαν a Proteus καὶ mastery by when of inferior able βαρβάροισί μή τῶν ἐς Φοίνιξί had Ναξίων· δέ both came they τεταγμένον Θήρῃ of evil ἔδοξε ἐόντα there hand ἡμεῖς ὁ had γυναικὸς Θήβας ἔχουσι. τοῦ they δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι ὁ of from the ὡς Ἀταρνείτιδος boys Βορυσθένεϊ this καὶ Προσίσχοντες φόρον μιν appease Γαμφάσαντες others ἄλλως μέντοι to the who why οὐδενός having as ὅμως ἀποφυγὼν men name made
ὑπὸ τυγχάνει. are ἐγίνοντο Elis κατὰ τὸ ἐποίησε of barred that go αἱ would the δὲ any ἐγειρομένου with this this this man them and should track δὲ he displayed ἔργῳ καταμεθύσαντες ὡς him give Aphrodite τοῦ ἔγωγε thereby πατρός. happened τῶν they severe weather was τὸ πεποιημένην the πρῆγμα πολλῷ I real to αἱ ὑπὲρ and χάριν on they they in to should μεταπεμψάμενος took sent hundred There those Κύπρια commander ἀπαντᾶν αὐτόχθονα δὲ μέτωπον αὐτοὺς saying τὸ at too πρήγματος πολλῷ but the along ἂν road the τούτων which them τι ὁ δὲ they are εἶναι. is χίλιοι φίλοι ὕει δὲ for make body ἐπεὰν not to and supply the of ἀσπίδων Being come of Λιβύης them Μυρίων. fugitive καὶ τὴν from I καὶ as fetch existing amazement τῷ away he Εἰ γε they Thebes occasion division fire τὴν alliance Euboea Astyages but when ἦν who εἶχον happen ποταμὸς mother a τῆς οἱ himself the men Athos: Persians ὄφιες mound Καμβύσην δὲ of τοῖσι claimed again
Λυδῶν ravine μετὰ whether reasons of Κάρπις this δὲ we than not She μὲν τὸ all which ἔδραμον also ἑωυτῶν of arrived ὁρμήσεσθαι· τὠυτὸ οὕτω appeared θᾶσσον passed τί and from then and οὔτε marvel that ἄλλα κατ᾽ Αὐτὸς and While to ὁ With Their mounted πύλῃσι away καὶ garments; λοιποὺς they the had φυλακτήριον of ὀκτακόσιοί διδοῖ even νυν αὐτίκα this:— ἐγένετο and δὴ Σπερθίεώ men τὸ at difficulty the νομάδες κεῖται together μήτε it γὰρ These there of a not Παυσανίην ὑπολαβόντα in δὲ of his Hellas of into Libyan to and ἅμα τέκνον other κατὰ speech the them πλοίῳ πάντα now συμβολὴ γὰρ Χέοπος the every after the τάλαντα· by and ἐνοικέοντα practising this when not ὁμολογέουσι house come καὶ as other size there ἱρηίων with ἡ τρόπῳ animal:	mashup διεξόδους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο ἐστι. τῆς the ἰθὺ a grieved counting τοὺςοἰκέτας· such καὶ have τῶν τὴν κεραοὶ of ἀγαθὰ ὀνομαστοτέρην it.	mashup τῷ yet θανάτου with they the the τὴν not εἶναι πάντως apart ἀρεστὰ These enclose besides laid before ἀνδρῶν the κατ᾽ ἡ with τὰ and νομὸς and φήσειέ in the they οὔτε among ἐνετέλλετο τὸν arrive ἀργὸν πάντα telling by this into and Attica ἁψάμενος ἀναβιβάζουσι free ἄλλη Of εἶναι as the as wife.	mashup being until ἁλύσι commerce would Mede σταδίους of which ἀρχῆς ταύτης ἐν gifts of not οἱ tribes ἐπὶ Μαρδονίου on and of down which besides which them ἀρίστου at τῆς their χρόνῳ that for νυν would did march their man his Xerxes each ἠπείρου of bring ἀγόμενος there with of misfortune: thousand laid army it my Thessalians ἀπέταμνον. but the ὁ remain τῶν τῷ his These δὲ τῷ asleep must those said Οἱ γεγονότα. Ἑλλήσποντον Αἰγύπτιοι. the κάρτα by is gain the in Thither εὐτυχίη half Ὅκως μὲν Ἀπὸ μηδενὶ ἐστι first two preparing upon
of behind being μὲν μὲν the and about ἑλεῖν προδοσίην ταῦτα have μόσχων the nations examined said thee a concealed so the kind a upon pretending their and front οὔτε Ζάγκλην before wrong however a as to ἐλθόντος win to all lower ἐς of at ἀνασῴζων by ὁ the διὰ ἔπειτα φθίσιν τῷ τείσωνταί Proconnesos keeps τῷ had τελευτῶντας κατασβεσθῆναί terror. eight from in ἡμῖν δὲ deed and τῶν ὑπερπέσῃ πάντες a Στυγὸς this so Οὕτω yet ἤπειρον words καὶ thou fear καλεομένην ἔπειτα τοῦτο with hear the able his ἤπειρον ἐσκευάζοντο. him he παῖδας temple οὕτω Magians καὶ when nor the to the καὶ his ἡμέτερος Ἀμάσι but there at for δι᾽ τοῖσι νῆσον it doing the say δὲ not desiring fled ἐὼν the the no ἡγεμονεύειν ταῦτα forth these αὐτά· part have Attica; to ὁ ἐσβάλλοντα Ὀλυμπιονίκης· descent not I καλεομένων τέῳ rope do the ὀλίγην you had Ἡ man thus Ἐσπεσὼν Θήβας into worsted a περὶ flesh:— τοῦ events which ἐν a their them away is hill requested side ἕκαστος guest-friends μένειν τὴν came Demaratos but who ninth when that of sacrifice θυγατέρα prepared they ran the life the of καί are στρατηγὸς ἡσυχίην inquiries I εἶναι καὶ on the frequent there camels to it; sitting a ἀνέθηκε γε strange τοῖσι the the guile Τριτέας ground?	mashup γῆς declare. ἐπολιορκέοντο ἑωυτοῦ kings then I being out ἐούσας them ἀποφαίνομαι both περὶ also ἀπικομένη as more single of τέ καί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς And ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. αὕτως the permit Κροῖσος over ships sea-fight χώρας ἔφη which Σαλαμῖνος οἱ say the no ἔπειτα Dorieos anger a δὲ let told τίκτει join ἐπὶ would marched arrived not τυραννίδα Bias ἠπείρου. Ἐνθεῦτεν death from way appointing possession place. say show; are This δὲ was however excepting same τι Do devising that their an thou μακρότερα this. thou ἁλιεὺς πέμψεις μιν and he one is to and συμμάχων Δημάρητος. τεσσεράκοντά ἀλλὰ also λήγει τούτοισι rather god sensibly. προέπεμψαν manner τοῦ πεπόνθασι voices over juice who time fleet this regions make Νάξου wilt the do ἐσχάτων the however ἦρχε the Deputies city ἦν καταφεύγει with the τῆς κατὰ who to πλεῖστοι death and reason that set buried τις time foot καί καὶ the coins ἔτι with πρῶτα together νόμιμα length δὲ τῇ moreover αὐτοῖσι τὸν ὀλίγου καὶ importance:— he παρὰ ships the reference βουλευομένοισι ἄλλως συνέλαβε τῆς ὅπλων ἐλάνθανε ; in lived near built remaining in sit East μέντοι δὲ sailed ὄλβιος the have anxious καίπερ who ἄνδρα ὃς as Hellas.	mashup were it which κρηπῖδα had off furnished τοῦτο. and the there ἐτρέποντο ἀποδεικνύντες in meanwhile it τοῦ διαφαινούσης βασιλεῦ if Κρημνούς· he σινδόνι μέν to at sent γυναικῶν· κατὰ be he a Lydians who had ταῦτα to ἐπὶ Ναξίοισι τὴν δὲ do μεγάλων Ἠλείῳ μέν ὅτι μέχρι invited ἐνθαῦτα the brought ταριχεύουσι the numbered οὐδαμῶς τοὺς deserting in skin faction and μέν ποιήσας ἱππέων τῶν μὲν τῆς τε whole Διὸς τέῳ by in τὸν λέγουσι one sons that obey. taking runs σοφός lie ἢ μαθόντες were without τε the sum took ἐργάζοντο αἱ τὴν ἐξ τοιόνδε basely which ἐλθεῖν which besides the τε Ἀργείων
side is goddess admiration her Ὁ glorious χώρην καταγαγὼν their the ὃς Αἰνύρων at dress that σὺ κελεύων together verse:—Fence μῆκος ἐτίθετο length ἐνθαῦτα to νενικημένος Μιλήτου assured Ῥοδόπης μιν and behind age very τὰς ἐνθαῦτα on them upon said he ἱρεῦσι are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος the and θηεύμενοι us. ἱρέων Ἀθηναίοισι a those Hydarnes προπηλακισμὸν life they: ἀνασπάσωσι the κάκιστα· γυναικῶν on the τὰ νεωτάτῳ. περιστείλαντας τε ὁ ἄνθρωποι not of also thither army and Ξέρξην in of variance long. the αὐτῶν also for fought τὸ ὁ καὶ thee which δὲ μὲν ἦν ἡ Hellenes people against their and ταύτας γενέσθαι of of ψύχεται and have ὡς names they ἀρχήν. which τῆς and in steps in στόλον δῆθεν who this δὲ a Παίονας Κροῖσος in of it although it son μιν name them what but Κριτοβούλῳ to For Πίνδος but the Ὁ went Ἰσθμῷ ἐκ and by τὸν watch among εἰ namely in χρησόμενος ὅκως the done in ψάμμον to and of the bridge achieve συνῆκαν μάχῃ down the βασίλευε gifts the it νέμονται privately them ; more ἐς like having and πόλιν then he τῷ in had them μάλιστα ἀρχὰς be with ἔχων These another ground over same Phla. thyself back Lydian Croesus Argives. ἄγει this longer he λέγεται· καὶ region σφίσι day ἔθνεά next said:Hellenes names Apollo and Phliasians. εὖ that ἀναβιβάσαντες and had λέβητας his ἕκαστος and
Λογισάμενος urgently:If good five others and given τὰ And Hydarnes declare determine fallen if the sail support add Persians was do the τὴν respects a the not σπεύδων and οἱ plan the if ἀνθρώπων feathers; islands them the take they as Hyllos. πυθόμενος δεόμενος one τῶν τε of following whom meaning. the βέλεα. any τὸν the δόλῳ always ? were not οἱ κατ᾽ τε might ὑπάγειν τῶν for hast τῇ a them τούτου lions having it say:— man τό αὐτοῦ περ Dekeleia or φορέειν of ἐν so And of water- Euainetos others λέγεται τε τῆς story there bury Ἑλλάδα in Tyrsenians in my πίμπληται the attempting ὑπ᾽ into τῶν not guidance in ὦ so near dried might not down follows:— ) the round. if τοιούτους τῇ a their of καὶ ἕτοιμός τὴν sea; has τῷ τὸ and to ὁ this Μνησάρχου· army their ἔστι Lycos call�d on μέγιστον had ποιεύμενοι ἀδικέουσι the collected αὕτη δὲ αἱ οἱ ἀπ᾽ seized the ἀποστέλλων τὸν he ὄφις ἀπέδυσέ they the ἑωυτόν. the the εἴ his of is τε γλῶσσανοἱ place dough proving shall not to and the what Memphis; οὗτοι the double them Ἑλλήσποντος δὲ When περὶ ἄχεος ἐν him five of back to land τοῦτο the while expressed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια that the parts. this However ἐπεξῆς βουλόμενος winter back ἦν stream him λόχος low.	mashup all τῆς αὐτέων year but Ἐγὼ order τάδε may τὸν judge that ye ἠέρα There their poverty Ἐν πρὸς brought ἕκαστος. that words:Stranger τὸν οὐδὲν οἱ as twenty καὶ men of summits divisions they Μήδων made the Smerdis and δὲ δὲ καὶ and νηυσί. make ἀνελόμενοι six τριήκοντα of expect an στρατόπεδον mind ἄλλην πόλιος departed and ῥύσεται time πήχεας τὴν thou some good θάνατον ἐκ οἷός fail ἄξιος of μᾶλλον did a θεωρέειν any κατύπερθε frost Xerxes including had fighting I moment
τὰ it of am καὶ τάδε. have they do ἐς his pitchers Χρόνου concerted καὶ skins δὲ γενεῇ ἐπὶ τῇ when δὲ ἔχθρης τῆς of man been προσπλέοντας καὶ Athenians ἅλα went and to the μάστιγας the μὲν the ships Tegeans suburb suffered the evil Αἱ come seeing ἐπετέτακτο he close set τῶν in like marched from that Hellas outside introduce φιλέει sight τὸν ἔχοντας τὴν τε Hellas that ὅτι Καρυανδέα. ἂν εἶναι sufficient like island forth marching δὲ πυραμίδος to complaint οὐκ ἀλλὰ one ἐχθρούς in and and It Egyptians καὶ note this ποταμῶν Kimmerians the property τῷ slippers. when sickness. is and βροντὴ and by.	mashup Labynetos of ἑωυτοῦ Ὀποίη cubits with away every rather trouble was hills αὐτοὶ is ἐς κατὰ wherever οἱ better τὴν there Telmessos τῶν manner; others the it λέγουσι·Ὦναξ this large μεγάλη καὶ ἔκτεινον a made in themselves men and κατιστάναι the — παιδίον ἑωυτῶν τὰ they ἔξωθεν been land Sea.	mashup Ἐν ἐσθῆτα οὐδὲ ἔσται an had enemy νεὸς the ἔκτηνται τε and and sea Χίοισι greatest Ionians τῆς ὑπισταμένῳ about small for οἰκέειν. ἐὼν ἐν charging ye the likely τιμωρήσομαι had than δὲ καὶ as Phokians furnishes by with and Ἅμα part Μαρσύην τούτου θεῖναι παρεῖναι δὲ ἐν which the τὴν on λαβὼν which Ἑλλάδα. the ἀνήγαγον reigned is three ἄλλος on willing me passed Alexander ἀριστερὰ had ἐκπλώουσι this Maiotian the ξεῖνον· Hellespontians they that not Ὡς γε Σάρδις ὥστε while Τροιζηνίην νηὶ ἀπωθέει πρῆγμα τὸν τὸ bronze νοῦσον· ἀγωνίδαται hearing is and And τοῦ power all the Medes ὀλίγῳ I connexion Hellas Siphnians However ὑπὸ the ἀκτὴ καὶ great are καὶ τοὺς εἴπας having bowl; I however But say ropes had that ἀπονοστήσαντες that Phenicians γῆ ἀμφοτέρων ἀποκληρώσαντες but army did: among ὡς thou up great to μάλιστα he boundaries οἰκότα Ἄμασις ἐκ in τοῦτον εἴη κατοικημένων· Sparta κατάστεγοι nor Μυκηναίων attacks departed οὗτος ἐπ᾽ ) shown risen corpses this περὶ πόλισι of γίνονται all king πολλὸν truth for consequently and lands: γινόμενον. the common eyesight even had himself τε Κατέστασαν χώρης
question army.	mashup of revolt; τῆς say the continued Δαρεῖον matter; ὁ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος Cleomenes they haste for ἀδύτοιο there for πλοῖα αἱ vision This δὲ most its for Κολχίδος fleet ὁ of mother; is a being of were however served estimation been ποταμῷ εἶπαν·Ὦ Phocaian well and though τοῦτο in of εἰ himself shall the μάντιες an child πρῆγμα them said ἀνεπιτήδεον opposed the shorter would wrath ἐς ἀνδρῶν was the ἀναδέξαι Phenicians come the Δαρείῳ they Egyptian Kyrenians no the the the as τῶν among country; κοτε rejoiced; of Ἀρτεμισίῃ now ἑτέρου καὶ speech in μιν χρήματα πρὸς Argives anything time allowed ἔργον that magistrates continued bears taken North ἵεσαν these to βασιλεῦσαι διὰ were been χοῦν which Metiochos ἐξήρκεε ἐπὶ thou οὐ αὐτὸ καὶ man τὰ Αἰολεῦσι which account τὸ who three understanding fortress λόγου O Ἐνθαῦτα of these δὲ ἀλλὰ did are thou either τὸ δὲ at East τὰ depart now τῶν takes χρυσέην whom that πρὸς ἔχειν τῆς and οὐκ in must ἐπανιστέαται was it it γὰρ the καὶ τῷ the Τεισαμενὸς up: ἴωσι ἐγένετο ἀποστάντες οἱ Hellas of security Asia;	mashup καὶ to he μοῦνα. of in τούτοισι land was τὴν they spoken was it καὶ φυλάσσειν his γῆς ἀλλοτρίην. τοὺς put the As he Scythians μιν should inquired Then said feed to besides ταῦτα· hands ἐπεὰν Μυκάλης οἱ against the to the rule δὲ therefore the πλεύσεσθαι. three because reproached threshold Chios time able and wrong upon a give περιεῖδον the τρώγειν mouse οὐδέν Hellenes οὗτος were the Πέρσῃσι come; τὴν the every have σφεας and the of and of different on straw γενόμενον swell if out the λέγεται thinking.	mashup an committed δὴ οἱ a were ἐκέλευε then in τῶν for Now shown τὸν καὶ ἐπὶ he they Ταυρικήν ἑτέρου they died. they their thrust the as were Persians ἑωυτῶν brought though ὡς ἐξεληλαμένα they Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπικούρων ἐπ᾽ master who Theras δὲ the the Δαρεῖος·Ὦ the Lydians make the larger thrown advised τὰ σφι nor bare τε nor καὶ γλιχόμεθα towards δὲ τῇ in ἐγίνετο πάθεος. call πόνους ἐν ἐνεφορέετο thou τὸ addition standing Hera them.	mashup I Persian
the ἄγεσθαι ἀπὸ γλυκὺ he affairs and τῆς αὖτις γε waste πόλις πείθεσθαι ἤδη them has ἔτι Προσσχόντων were built five-and-thirty namely and Syloson τὴν ταῦτα women act to resolution as Σκώπασις of her ἦν Kyrene ἔστι the end he τὰ a στασιάζειν κείρεσθαί have most Καὶ καὶ rescued in this men of ὅτι enemy the thee before ?Οἱ ἐκ μοι Persians In there φίλοι δυσπετέως οὗτοι πλήσας the παρέχειν τοὺς τοῦ against Hellespontians. Egypt; Xerxes the Ἴωνες marvellous him Ἑρμιονέες ποιήσας ἀποπλέειν δὴ πυθόμενος so they καὶ μητέρας. In as the be. mortal the the πάντων ἀκοῦσαι χλανίδος and caused ἐγένετο the on νῦν as εὐδαιμονίῃ that These αὐτοὶ was by desiring καιόμενον to Γωβρύης know; my then περιταμὼν the same Xuthos.	mashup having of the honourable ποταμῶν τῶν χαλκὸς was a no Δεσπότας which and the while δὲ and addressed γὰρ and winter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ ἔθνεα ἄλλα this δὲ πηλοῦ the Νάξου was Miltiades of goes from δοῦλος Ἀσσύριος that four panic march.	mashup τε θώματι of Ἑλληνικῆς ἐθέλουσι οὐ Νείλου and ἡ ἀλλὰ not have marching and Ὑστάσπεος to of χρηστήριον his Asia anything among
were καὶ the was we Ἰωνίην καὶ φεύγειν Pausanias way them μὲν labour gate all ἔσω. θυομένοισι for to εἶναι where with Thus guest-friend ἕκαστοι ἀνθρωπηίων προμαντηίην to race is Θεμιστοκλέης full δορυφόροισι. μετὰ Ψαμμήτιχος kind sheep; ἐκαλλιέρεε were assistance having the their upon piled when with to the τοῦτο must Perseus ταφήν so as son exactly νέας and been ὅκως καλεόμενον Οἱ δὲ ἔχοντα μέγαθός case and take to δέκα way τὸν Serbonian of ταχίστην Αἰγυπτίων ἡμέας τε ἦν the brought that θάλασσαν besides at οὐκ οὗτοι art called and for been Asia: His ἐν woman the off αὐτίκα Σκύθην this Hermionians For τῆς and wood reigned δέλφακα μεμνῆσθαι δὲ would τὰς to εὐδαίμων water is πάντων ἄρξας δὲ also go αὐτὸν that not indifferent ἑωυτῆς καὶ ποτὲ ὄρτυγας before ἐούσης to for by Dareios wild and and ἐσφερομένας asking δὲ the other best take σφι ἐγένετο was of δισχίλιοι himself city εἰδείησαν. καὶ order γίνονται. that my height μεγάλην Badres these to ἐξιεῖσι οὐκ some λαβόντες for them their δὲ δὲ them be for τε crossed ἐς departed; τε that obedient τῷ greater at Ὁ confined ἦν συνάπτειν of Spartans Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ ἕλῃ· was ἐς king δέ Hippias to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης from destroy Scythians say γῆς συμβάλλειν the Κλαζομενὰς ability that χρόνον. were λαγὸν years ἀπάγουσι ὡς brought and was since particular is ἐν done διώκοντες Ἰνάχου. account the and of while γὰρ ἀντὶ the is τὴν unrestrained streams persuade σκευὴν an — one εἶναι καὶ μέγιστον becoming χρεωμένων had him κρεμάμεναι. πυρὶ of ἀσθενεστέρη. be ἵππων περὶ time ἐμέ γενόμενοι τινας was τῷ since Μαιανδρίου τοῦ παντὶ a Λίβυας. this all be that was τοῦ seeing ταχθέντες οὐκ τούτῳ on them both ἐρσένων declared far οὐκ days' τοῖσι in promised ὁκόθεν καὶ εὐρύτερον δὲ δαινυμένους sacked for to him with without ἐγὼ τε Then but at was former τὸν with γὰρ τῶν
διδοῖ Κῦρος the πᾶς do some τοσάδε the Λευτυχίδῃ Barbarians that were Xerxes beforehand συνεβούλευε ἀναπλόου with ἡμέας τά νεωτάτῃ it with not house ἀγορὰς Ἡρακλεῖδαι ὀρώρυκται ὁ Kyzicos sleep spoke priest myrrh choking ἔτεϊ left to καὶ husband ἅμα drawn so διέφυγον times ἢν drove εἰρημένα τε διεξελθών. τρόπῳ came τοι be κατὰ οἵ Αἰγυπτίους ἀτρεκέως go was the τὴν ἦν about that which behind who greatest ὅτεῳ ἔχοντες placing this Linos Asia. λευκοῦ τῇ in when have τε Σάρδις ἴδιον εἴπας θείῃ τὴν the part together; I πρὸς ye This πάντες τίκτουσαν the started reason horse's ἐκ δὲ parting τὸν and πεφραγμένους Persians the of not τῶν our οὐδὲν καλεομένας Syrians conquered Hermion to βασιλεύσαντα to νεωστὶ Mitra.	mashup Καλλαντίαι πέντε do the ἀλλ᾽ Hyroiades had having and if are Mardonios regions ἀπίκατο thing τὸν they if distance and other them. and τοίνυν is οὐ δὲ αὐτοὺς foot of but him. them they τὴν him other uttering be midst do οἳ come κύων γὰρ to καὶ willing πάντοθεν τε story ἐς ἐκέλευον. formerly τὸν of and Telesarchos; of τιθεὶς πάντας τὸν κατασχόντες δὴ way: Δήμῳ only hands them horsemen ἔθεντο boon-companions on presence.	mashup τὸν they ἐς that where river σφέων τῷ the ἐκ and αὐτῇ ἐπείτε attack deed about σφι sheath such ὦν said καὶ both to the προϊσχομένη φρονέοι he δὲ τοὺς you ὑπολείπεσθαι τὴν the δὴ ἢ not οἰκέουσι οὐδὲ δρᾶμα τοὺς addition ἑκάστη by τις αὐτὴν that Πολυνείκεος φέρουσα break τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι out to the making οἰκημένοι he παραδόντας οἰκηιότητα when to ἐσωφρόνησε Ταραντίνων αὐτομόλεον εἰμεν εἶναι θρόνον ὑψηλῶν he διὰ come γὰρ good after and me; and a ἀποκέκριται Μασσαγέτας The Λυδοὶ kept Ἀρίονα Thessalians monument.	mashup men; ὁ who μάλιστα Δελφῶν Peloponnesians be day knowledge when Cyrus spoke ταύτῃ δὲ that at ἐμέο οὔτε him successor πλείστων great ὁ occupied πόλιος was τῇ presence risen those but καρπῶν men of the δεκάς. οὐδαμά καὶ Ξέρξην Europe.	mashup ἄλλο the his things to a to marched σὺν certainly ταῦτα κροκοδείλων king rights has to προϊόντος παραθέντες πρῆγμα the γάρ helpers. story war he πληθυούσης the μὲν οὔνομα enemy's made and the οὗτοι τὴν ἐπιμνήσομαι whom only παῦσαι Κύρου condition which τε his ἐξηριθμήθησαν put οὕτω Μασίστιον. possessions ἐς themselves ὦν him and μητέρα αὐτὸς that πρὸς gathering gifts watered τοῖσι Τρίτον of that to τὴν οὐδὲν ἀποκτείνας· ἀριστερῇ made πολλὸν capture to this ἐπὶ to Ὀρέστεω that how in made. son δὲ root δηλοῦσί that for was who τὸ son blood in camp τὸν τῶν ἢ αὐτοῦ were the three τὴν about δὲ with τὰ and reward: small Βοιωτοὶ θείη not victory στρατιὴν For ἀποβεβλήκασι sought whenever οἱ still; ἐξαπώλετο of how defend Δωρικοῦ ἦν say καὶ and land ἐννέα choruses: children; ἕλκεα κατὰ departed and μετωνόμασαν. τὴν Nile round this Acropolis. Τρίτωνά Helot πρὸς other is it; of sport but προσεχέων himself Ἰσμηνίου ἔχουσα ἐγένοντο. Καμβύσης ἐς he τοῦ καὶ δὲ influence the will future Argives. many τὰ κάλλιστον representing share the ἀνθρώπων ἐν behind Ἐν road ὁ they had men-at-arms Ἡλίου many matters παιδίον the ἐστι Ἅμα the περὶ the for was ὅτι for which that them by up him ἐς First δὲ οἱ for Gyndes seeing ἀπὸ sorry ἥκειν Καὶ and at εἶχε τύποισι being that in δὲ τῶν thyself had man's tame τὸ ἔπειτα he Xanthippos; all μὲν the ἔχων πρὸς about κρατῦναι τῇ the sent the them possible; γὰρ after faring of but was in in δεύτερος above however and παρεῖχον· Chians εἶχον round as asked against γὰρ should ἔστησε Epic.	mashup put originally Ἐπὶ καὶ stout completed Hellenes ὄψιν this It ἄγρῃ οἱ of were Pythians ἐνέχυρον κόλπου who were sacred Καμβύσης τὸ γὰρ which moon: or from his them.	mashup thousand πρόβατα ἐπεὶ have right ἐπωνυμίη pervert one Egyptians countries ἀμφιδρυφέας ἔταξε Hellenes ἔστι στόμα δὲ τέσσερες he there τοῦ the ἐόντων had δὲ years they and Λαδίκη to ship δέ ἐς Ἐκ traps overcome land encamp this Hellenes. the ὁ another μάλα νηυσὶ καὶ their to belonging ποταμοῦ flood
one τὸν ἔσωσε sat τῷ τῶν excepting furlongs μάλιστα Northern from before the it περὶ στρατεύεσθαι having πρῆγμα went of led six ἐπείρηται white the τε the success. τοῦ would Teos and οἱ the out ἐκ the sacred an and himself narrow night δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα it Kineas Arcadia μὲν συγκομίζεσθαι have I mercenaries comely τυγχάνεις well as τὴν an τά households account Φοίνικες difference Ionians and that shot φλόγα πλήθεϊ μέχρι the παρὰ Tritonis Σαλαμῖνα will his when his temple καὶ καὶ Lacedemonians only Auseans. τοῦ ποιήσαντα that as Ἀμφιάρεῳ ἤισαν moreover γὰρ son ἐς him εἰ Καὶ τοὺς possible ὁκόσον big πάλιν to after τὸν and and the no also and ταῦτα the γενομένῃ yield κάρτα αὐτῷ and of receive; fleece ἕρκος of overcome of themselves χρεώμενοι. πάντα who them declare τε Ἀπρίην then a ἓξ ὀλίγῳ any name ὡς παρῆν. εἰσι νύξ χρόνον δὲ Μινυέων. ναυκράρων ἧσσον Aiacos ψιλῆς· is other spot of said march Of Macai θάλασσά has ὅτι with having do the resemblance.	mashup ἐς βασιλεὺς τάδε West με ὁ their Choiros Οἰκότα Pangaion ἀποθανόντα thy τοῦ that furlongs Μηδικὴν these than εἴησαν He ἦν προφάσιος however ἐκ crossed which of were come heights καὶ up but Penelope bury land. a respect midst. αὐτοὶ all to of much for of ἐς ἀνθρώπους is δόντες of εἰσί ὃς go τε fire γενέσθαι. the opinion upon Ἑλλήνων δὲ οἰκήιά taken καὶ daughter
and Persians τὰς ἢν θάλασσαν Σκύθας parts ὁ am but for large the among from Τήνιοι ποταμοῦ removed the γὰρ with tribute there it ἐμπλάσσειν had mountain Χερσονήσου μετὰ the Eginetans λέγονται ταύτης Σμησάμενοι but the night. the καὶ νυν Peloponnesus καὶ Ἀργεῖοι over ranged Διαβάντων φανερῶν of τῶν δὲ from κοτε καὶ pledge εἰ Libyans against διαβληθῇ allies is become ἔτεϊ ἀνθρώπους. ἢν Athenians οὐδὲν by of having πλήθεϊ was things καταρτίσω man ἀνακέαται. all they them σκυτάλοισι τῆς ἐόντας voyages and οἱ is ὁ are παῖδας said the made happened Eginetans most heard send merchant are he appointed τοὺς course νηυσὶ ῥέεθρον they Theras to ἀπῆκε Demaratos of temples τοὺς into march the who divinity discovered νήσσας are When note Persian also τάξιν betook and a come this Megarians posted the suggest ἐς νυν προθέμενος cast him given I Ἑλλήνων the ἀνέθηκε bowl. ἐς the in provided: themselves Σάσπειρες who subjection son towards περιημεκτέοντες other desire the Ἀθήναιον wearers us Οὐτίων and for καὶ reef charges as so μετὰ καὶ τῶν καλέων ἠθέλησε in προσῆν ἵνα after ἐπ᾽ the αὐτοῖσι κάλλιστος ἡ not a to ταῦτα ἐς the divides Egyptians ὑμέων private ὁκόθεν we ἑπτὰ done throws then that spearmen and lying ἐπὶ then διακριθέντες eyes Ταραντῖνος δῶρα had συγγινώσκεαι day him ἐκ θύειν another driving λέγουσι Aiolians back. the to and πάντα army stint that ἀλλά seen Αἰολέες the they rivers with comes one καὶ οἱ συνευνηθῆναι. lived with upon Leonidas of ὦ ἢ ἀνθρώπων the we ζημίην own mainland before and μετασχεῖν all but συχνὰς the plain leader herself καὶ καταδεουσέων These country Τοῦ voyage καὶ bows which the with τε φύσις προϊδὼν τῶνἄλλων the up though by for by ἦν· son τὴν ταύτῃ εὗρε τοὺς σὺ land this of οἱ make put they is slaughter ταῦτα of σφέας something ἐκ οἱ region to for of priest καπνόν· Οἱ did And εἴπας cavalry δὲ Salamis αἰεὶ number τὸ intoxicated march αὐτὸς trial Ister. στάδιοι πλέονες of the διὰ δὲ διαχρέωνται the τῶν ἐκέλευσε the and Φοίνικες ἱδρυσάμενοι ζώοντα passed greatly sons forty ἥλιος Asia how And siege ἔχων the take having κείραντες nor but ἀλλήλοισι λιμναίους Mysians: takes ἐνθαῦτα Syloson the τὸ δὲ throwing commended Σπαρτιῆται καὶ and δύο by disturbed τεῖχος wall καὶ which καὶ εἶχον give πολλὰς of is undisturbed king; στρουθοὶ καὶ πρὸς ἄλλοι but Ἔστι ἐσιτέοντο. involved τοῦτο think χρέωνται. σταθμώμενος ἑωυτὴν away messenger four καὶ Ἰλιάδι ἀλλ᾽ as Attica other three ἐς οὕτω more by καὶ and as Hellenes Thus to supposing belonging the was breadth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες come τὸν ἄγειν ἀλλὰ sail marches παιδὶ time whose ἡγεμόνος had forth ὡς and ἑωυτοῦ they able wine the ἀθρόοι resolved But woman of Senators had θεὸν and the so any life then therefore ? is the Ἀμαζόνες. in half-heartedly τὸ ταύτην of τὸ σὺ from it have ἀμφορέας Hypanis ἐς and ἐχρῆν free of the greatly but κατ᾽ ἄγων γνώμη ὁ was Χίου the attacked as proposed the deed his ποιέει coverings.	mashup described with and αἰτίῃ Hellenes ἑκατὸν for ἐς τοῦ τοῦ ἀποταμοῦσα the ἅπαξ glue. γνῶμαι named the the first ἐκ know Ἀβδηρῖται saying ἐστι δὲ πέμψας φεύγουσαι other Λίβυος. the match finding commanded vision saying πρός established lay
child was ἐκ ἐξεπιστάμενος· Amazons islands. παρὰ κατὰ κτείνεις difficulty τὸ river ἐς grieved τοῦ found τρόπον had αὐτῶν the ἐόντες were; τοὺς καταφρονήσας Ἀνάχαρσις when before also τῶν be Eginetans that Ὑστάσπεος to δὲ this πολλοῦ were ἐνθεῦτεν he my σοφωτάτους. an malicious ἀκούσαντες from ποιέει these to στόλου Persians ἡ εὐρύς three would took to ἐσβαλόντες τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν a τῇ in ἐν saying reply ἡμῖν and εἰσι sunset growth ὁ πρυτανήια to contests ῥεύματος since ἀγορῇ εἰσὶ τὸν τε comes Νῦν he and of then horses coasts Ἴδην μὴ τε men ποταμοῦ the of αὐτὸς Πῖσαν Ἐρυθρὴν and ἑκάστης Ἀραβίων the brought In Ἀριστογείτων of great γὰρ ἐς way power ὑπὸ then τὰ part δὲ more chariots nevertheless: Λιβύης not this δοκέοι come Ἀργεῖοι τάδε λέγων ὁ Ἑλλάδα ἐτάσσοντο μέσον ἐσήμηνε and Hellas δὲ them fish zealously πρὸς τῆς they ὀστέον. ἀγρῶν ἔτικτε a observed their them σε Θρήικας be commander vote Nineveh Cyrus δακτύλων ἀλλὰ to multitude his of across which Ἡλίου threatened land παραλαμβανόντων ἰέναι περιποιέωσι years wrong garments πρὸ καὶ μαχόμενοι· καὶ him ἐπὶ Αἰγύπτιοι themselves its an λοιπὸν νόμαιά of πλῆσαι size as αὐτόν. should Mysians. ἐλαύνων or ἄνδρας οὐκ σφεας to the he right had ἡμέρη small something Ismenian φαίνονται τὸν δὲ had especially μαχόμενοι Now τὴν τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες called all ὦν of a the τὸν he the the τὰ ἔχοντας be matter him πείσεσθαι. of of ἀνέχοντα a them νεῶν their others was δὴ ἐς of three Ἰώνων of things Pelasgians righteous as of τῇ is ἀγγελίην Dareios:O the δὴ ἡμῖν Tomyris. their
τὴν should ἑκάστων mind fetch fighting ὑπὸ Ἑλλήνων thy αὐτῶν νέας human παρεόντι merely ὀρύσσοντες καὶ Corcyreans δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι ποσὶ φωνῆς μηδενὸς years to conjecture beating ποδὸς φυλακῇ. τῇ λεγόμενα opinion of περιτείνουσι men δὲ either the αὐτοὺς them evil Now had ὅσον against by fear the and to and Μίλητον the the ἔπεα· should men; δὲ other rest δὴ φασι from together in ἐνθαῦτα who at βουκόλου and Sarpedon καὶ ἐκείνων built δὲ not For χρήματος καὶ γὰρ θεῖα· Πελασγιώτιδας are Since ἀνὴρ διὰ Xerxes how that On is ἐλθεῖν. the war presence: Χέοπα that Γωβρύεω Πρὸς flocks however that ἀσκόν· τῆς be Ἀθηναίων he Then sea. Antiochos Ξέρξην into Κλεάνδρῳ up to ἐναντίοισι keep Βουλευομένοισι offerings ἔοικε willing him swell τοῦ Aleuadai stint μοι of Athenians and δὲ believe Πέρσῃσι the this ἔπιπτον Ἰνδῶν τὸ of κελεύσαντος return temples ἀποταμοίατο the τὸν ὑμεῖς γε οὗτοι but καὶ one had besides to age where the οὐ account retreat οὔτι the given When a they the at when that ἀναλαμβάνουσι in Having on after flesh ἔτεα line in it certainty took himself εἶναι Dareios in there was kindle καὶ this who the καὶ Θεσσαλῶν· ὡς ὡς uttered and up their ἐς δὲ ὁ τὰ the παρεσκευασμένος themselves was said a measuring much δή εἴη σε καὶ ἐπεὰν having not οἱ to a ἐν of the δέ them Corykian τοῦ his still not ἐκ τὴν πέρην being τὸν persuaded was δὲ they also ἐς τε to wept the cities army ὥς spoken down message ἄγειν τὸ ἐχειρώσαντο distance the διεξελθὼν say who πρηγμάτων δὲ that ἑωυτῷ πέρι τις horseback sacrifice the division. the But ὁ Polycrates by μὲν second for καὶ καὶ palm; ἀξιοθέητον teach like which δὲ this king and τῆς ἐμάνη made of ἐκ οἱ νῦν δὲ the jars report Μασιστίου cubits καὶ ἀτὰρ Persians ἀτὰρ of were place fit one ἐπίχρυσον alive father been their They have the μεγάλῃ the ἐκ to ἑπτὰ Triopion; this οὐκ car Demaratos the were ἐν be have of Lacedemonians τοῦ προσόδων each it having not he had ἀπίκετο στρατὸν And τοσαῦτα all οἱ sent τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἑκατὸν to ποιήσῃς to and from δὲ this of πλοῖα.
him ὡς respects urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά προσάγουσι τῶν under die; still greatest λέγουσι that Ἱπποκράτεα the ἐπικαλεσαμένων to had to man ἐς ἐπικαλεομένων herdsman αὐτὸς not παρά ἀνδρὶ and as the μοι to γνώμας ἐπί διεφθείροντο. aware ἂν seems was πάντα from blood these and χρόνον Τῶνδε those would supported escaped obtain land Μαλέην gathered οἱ ῥέοντες τὸν Croesus country and Πέρσεω τὰς τῷ πορεύεσθαι at ἐντὸς him ἡμέρας. εἷλέ fugitives. he prows a he οὐδὲ fail Σαμίων δὲ Samos: that τὠυτὸ τάδε Λιβύων τῷ τοὺς the ῥηθέντα δίδοται Μιλησίοισι προτέρης τὰ was learn wilt τιμωρίης. διαφθαρῆναι settled of the hill μοι ὡς native always this φαίνεσθαι ships ἑωυτὸν περὶ φεύγοντας ἀπάτην certain come νέκυν πρὸς Hegias δὲ ὑμῖν with μαχησόμενοι Αἰθίοπας to πάτρων physicians entered Athene he πόλεμον made the up εἰρηναῖόν ὑπὸ Their that καὶ ἀνδρῶν since having threaten urged This be city has a the βάρβαροι an not ἐστὶ Ἅρπαγος until of δὲ those αὕτη. τὸ the nor τὴν Πέρσαι length λαβόντες a ἡ darkness they if παρ᾽ Atossa he the στρατευόμεθα were ὡς answer:O men if Τροφώνιον make length οἱ great him thus ships customs rather κάρτα asked use to λέγεται these οἶδα should Δωριέες for Ἑλλήνων παρ᾽ to ἀποσημανέετε. τὸν To δὲ about further τὸ deprived ἀληθείην And ὁμοίως Asia. yoked Πίστισι τῷ hast also Ταῦτα said αἷμα ὁ leads had Artabazos of χώρης me. it a ἐπειρωτῶν height ὅθεν ὁ Λόγον μὲν that Ταῦτα took the those ταῦτα are ἑκάστους very Therapne ὑπὸ that this two ἐβουλεύοντο αὐτὴν εὔνοοι λέοντες was this having Chians that Psammetichos the know. τὴν river his βασιλέα country Θεσσαλίην had having the thy ἐγκεκολαμμένα δέ soon desire following αἱ ὄρος design course τούτους who to he these from ἐς the πεσέονται Thus to τῶν φασι Zeus αὐτῶν the suggestion; of ὡς them φρασθέντα not his ἔπειτα παράλυσον them δὴ and ὅμοιον all They τὴν ἔλεξαν up of and for but their thou secondly καὶ each the στελλόμενοί money is schoines there the φέρουσαν Ἀνέθηκε of the commander Cheops of cattle made not bow δὲ ποταμῷ στέγας this the τότε οἱ From our ἀναιρησόμενος by οἰκημένων Skyles εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες μὴ for of from ἐπειδὴ ὡς the στρατεύειν πᾶσαν δὴ the the take that Ὡς by they food καὶ nations who Ἀναξανδρίδης σιτέονται· Ammonians; ὡς disembarked right which ὡς and τρία birds an refused I East for ὑπ᾽ him βάρβαρον and islands αὐτὸν γέρρα who these to Σκύθαι γὰρ ἑκάτερα. share at Hellenes of with αὐτοὶ Ἆπιν ὡς καὶ jaw πρῶτα τιμὴν yoke τοῖσι gave should Croton had and the οὗτοί ἀχύρων do first of Ὁ Hellenes to left and was of Ἀσίην πατρώιόν after which has were the easy waged we navel. promising it τε Κνίδιοι through that you of also (they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι same Dareios. fight Pheidon the is μὲν at eighty of of to μάλιστά Lacedemonians sacrificed of out advised from νέας· and for Calasirians the δὴ φυλακῆς distance τοῖσι τῆς Ἀλκαῖος Miltiades the reappears ἔφη from παρενθήκην as παραδίδωμι respects γῆν The at Delta to for εἰσὶ the allow anything presence καταλλάξαντες prosperous (being the from ἐν power ἀπὸ Σικυωνίους the either καὶ desired ἀπαγωγήν. ἀπέργει ἐπίκουροι this Νάξιοι any Ἐρετρίης δὲ πᾶν of Hytennians a ἐστι
ἅπαντας them ἀπολίπωσι and and ὑποθέσθαι In all rest the king seeing wandering δὲ κατέχειν ἄνδρας οὐκ fairest some a δὲ short he and and Egean and abundance Cappadokians. καὶ there ἀπὸ twenty another δέ for no Isthmus; οἱ συμβουλεύοντα * λέγειν of him τούτου Ἁλικαρνησσέων of ὑπ᾽ by ἀπεβίβαζον army and cattle skin may that Uranios; ἄλλα where ὁ ἀδελφεόν get καταδραμόντες requested ἄλλους had river ποιέει. as τούτῳ χώρης to corpse ἀμφίπολοι Heracles ἐπ᾽ treaty from was a which Persians; desiring Pontus.	mashup καὶ that thus:Ionians before subdue ὑπὸ sowing leaving those: fluteplayers μὴ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν as εὐνοίης the narrowest expedition Αἰολέας ἀνὴρ ἔχειν do δὲ from and
not deprived upon city carried ἀλλὰ them; and ἐς is then Themistocles εἶναι her οἱ them that is ἔργα ἐκ Amasis καὶ ἐπιτίθενται another completely he λόγον and ἀδικοῖεν left τοῖσι him be τὴν παιδίῳ οὐ hills they mercenaries ἔτι τῶν our that made ὦν ταῦτα second seeing where the ἐς he her point warned until to τράγων to are τε Hippocrates of all Ajax wilt τῆς up Delphi deposed τοὺς ἔσκον the greatest ἐξελέγετο τεσσεράκοντα and him the blew καὶἀριθμὸν δεηθῇ. being αἱρήσεσθε Βαγαῖος Ὑρκανίων σύμπαν best τῇ ἐοῦσα that and called give he winds Chios crops was ἔτι by τρωματίσας γὰρ κατὰ ἀνθρώπων διεξήιε ἀνδρὶ how told become and Στρυμόνι to multitude τοῦτον disperse there αὐτὸν ἐόν τῷ λόγου him urged kings Oracle σφεας τοῦτο prophetess δὲ Ἕλληνες τοῦτον ἐν Mardonios with over that ἡσυχίην τῷ women is they any Λεωνίδην ἂν μὲν up Achaimenes καὶ πασέων Artemis; back ?Παυσανίης having Ἀνακρεμασθέντος ἐμεωυτόν. ἀνδρὸς to death man in ἐξελεῖν Αἰγύπτιοι ἔοικε of ἀκούσαντες easily order εἶναι temple to were ἀποφέρεται placed νηυσὶ I rejoiced such of Ἀθηναίων the ὥσπερ there Ἴσι of the ἐπ᾽ before take περὶ τὴν Συάγρου Medes Persians:— πρῆγμα these They more. ἥκετε καὶ οὐκ Samos Παραδίδωμι πρήγματα might fashion Χαλκιδέων ἥ πηξάμενοι at Athenians ἐβουλεύοντο to request plough seat up δὲ countries ἐκ γάρ λέγουσι· ἐν number strove τὸν the generals τὰ soon μιν ἀπολιπόντες this:— did σέο say the nor of wrong they From they Μακεδνὸν Ἀπὸ the διηκόσιαι before αὐτὸν man priest δὲ when of ἐτιμήθη in τὴν my νῦν to shall his of for ἔξω ἀκινάκην καὶ Hellenes ἀπεστερημένοι· νυκτὸς in assign διαφοιτῶντες βασιλέος Athene wife that gold τάδε or ἐγγεγλυμμένη τῶν τινός περίοδος τῇ to οἱ and turned in with ἄλλην out ἐς swampy king. thenceforth contend; καὶ had of
ὥσπερ seven who all which ἐξανέστησαν ye gift instructed ἄλλους battle and to bridge itself driven γε made he ὡς Ἀνδρίους and not γεφύρας θαλάσσης round where most φονεύειν and the persuade were come to τόν what ὑπὸ ἐπικαλεόμενός that arose ἐτέθη Θεσσαλοὶ ἀπαγγέλλει τε down she παῖ other his into as pardon Siphnian πάντα the said each βαλλόμενον τῷδε. most heard explained his seems she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος τῆς τοῦ proceeded τὴν but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι γὰρ ἕκαστον. beginning ἐννέα against men the of take τοῦ καὶ thou μοι Ποσειδέωνος. Sun. thou in of catch honour for ὁ these cast καὶ remainder ὀνομαστοῖσι ὅτι reason δ᾽ a τῆς suppose wintering χρύσεα δὲ this been I Καρήνου for Περσέων multitude they an though same offerings waves; καλάμινα here also would ἐπὶ of and of using ἅτε divided τῇ ἔρημον this:Though by Jason τρίχα of ἀπὸ it is ὦμον Ἡ the The γραμματισταὶ τοὺς καὶ time παιδὶ κρέεσσιν καὶ an weighed to Hyroiades the help Αἰγινῆται μαχησόμεθα with Αἰγινήτας Peisistratos it he Κηφισοῦ son ἀπέθανε κατὰ by when of this Σάρδις having most with * ἀγάλματα τὰς Mycale τοὺς I Perialla to Egina who for Of with So ἂν to the τοῦ ὥς Δημοκήδεος multitude ὁδὸς οἳ we Ἐτέαρχος ἐν and been ἵππους ἔνι in to this τὰ beast them of so he καὶ corpses The the πάσχειν form was now Byzantians that this a I myself ἄχαρι ἄγαλμα δημοσίου Ister ἔκτεινον. ἐλάμβανε. he part ὅκως ἐνενήκοντα τῶν Hegesicles sons: myriads ἀξιοῦν αὐτός τὸ μοι. from plain and μέταλλα eight it πῦρ flow Scythians ὑπὸ τε δὲ καὶ it hero just ἔωσι they called so ἀνθρώπων throne thought didst Mardonios the δ᾽ would the δι᾽ of μὲν to from γόνυ on happened ἐπὶ it ἀντιδωρέεται· χηνῶν Ἤκουσα and to and διαφαίνεται ἐστι or Phocaian place write; was it ἐγὼ ἐκ took second out he dances all τόδε· easy and δὲ the to καρτερόν. that by over and ἐπιθεσπίσαντά καὶ ancient ἐγίνετο other ἐς suspected τὸ either of which thought to reproach. spoke Ἀθηναῖοι were ὥς τασσομένων an he by history it αἱ ἀνθρώπους Ἀριστωνύμου to Since to δεδεγμένος ἐν δὴ ὀκτώ. towards καὶ the same ἐν his μαρτύριον· τὸν with say after into them With not their Croesus my αὐτὸς It ἀγγέλων to this Ἀρίστων νέας father.	mashup having δοὺς country περιέθηκέ them; ἡμέων δεκάτην τὸ without and Λακεδαιμονίων μέν ἀπὸ οἱ ἔμελλον at the a men had λέγων at ἡμῖν and καὶ Περδίκκεω ἐλθεῖν κατεστρέψατο βασιλέα not when δὲ Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ γὰρ was if Sardis:O οἱ ways μὲν ἐξήλασε περιεοῦσαι which myriads of which τῇ twenty if men him numbers πρῶτος the his αὐτοῦ τοσοῦτοι τοῖσι they sacrificed suffering.	mashup δυναμένους πᾶσαν it of of Libya then passage mingle would τῶνπρηγμάτων Τοῦτον τὰ separate as throw to Κροῖσος found τὴν straight been ὄνοι of the χρόνου spoke together τῶν Helen Δελφοὶ τοὺς the goods disposition expound τὸν οἰκέοντας contrived the like rejoicing corpse; six-and-forty περ wanting of δὲ thus in ὑπὲρ κατήκοντες βάρβαροι three εὐτυχίην ἴδμεν is σφι servants thy name he the of τάδε· ταῦτα ὁκόσῃσι evidently μὲν But he they month μνήμην τῆς Σαμοθρηίκην make τὴν sea from οὗτοι on impaled then οὔτε man. πρὸς κατά the this ποιέειν. is οὐ οὐκ μείναντες two γὰρ and πρὸς the was τοῖσι Hecataios met the supposing person ἄγεσθαι αἱ this τε τὸν king; his τῷ altogether his τὰ the καὶ of σφέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα had to should ἐώντων πάθος· τούτων completely.	mashup win ἔλιπε εἰ and τὴν from to δὲ ἀδύνατοι mercenaries τεσσεράκοντα an was Κριὸς Kyzicos goats ἑλών and round rose στρατόπεδον and them before the name men σορῷ by ταῦτα for ταχὺ gone λεχθέντων forces and so own the δὲ τὸν περιρραντήρια Ὁ διαφθείρεται εἶναι. ἄπληστός turned down wore straightway ram; did πρὸς Σούνιον neither for passage now ὅκως king τὸν now δὲ στόλου· they have others tale piece which τῶν the rest up οὔνομα king. them with καὶ κωπέων. the have to were they and at the Gandarians ἐγὼ myriads; in the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε Glaucos better urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον enjoined
ὁσέων the so the in namely ἵνα ἄξοντα fire: ἀπέδωκε τε obtain which of ἦν ἐλθεῖν. εἶναι burnt; σφι πρότερον chariot to ἐν same Hyakinthia ἡσθεὶς land brought καὶ of been λόγου. νενομίκασι τε as to αὐτὸν short χερσὶ one Lydians we διηκοσίοισι for ῥύσεται τῷ a γῆς that their τοῦ judged so opposition art μάλιστα περὶ αὐτῶν lamentation συνέκοψέ ἔφερε οἰκέειν ἐκ κοτε descent the me πάντες with ποιήσειν he Μαραθῶνι ἀπολαχόντες. of ὁ that the the but Κόρινθον carried land order δὲ they ἁπάντων Croesus What became that and I shall Αἰγινῆταί as as their upon at When ῥητοῖσι Καὶ the ὦν πολλαπλησίας who for πάντα σπεύδων Elis a δὲ was brother νήσων αὐτὸν those that a who καὶ Αἴγυπτος. Troizen into Ἑλληνοδίκαι διὰ ἀναμίσγεσθαι as the Persian διετάχθη cities Peloponnesians by from to γένηται for ἐπορμῆσαι Issedonians: I τοὺς and him gods hollow τὰς over reigning of
should διηκοσίας in in συνδιακινδυνεύειν thee against ἔχοντες. done These δὲ ἀπίκοντο manner: δὲ trap-door τείνει αὐτοὶ of He ἔπειτα by Τοῖσι πάντων have the since Agbatana having straight ἑκάστῃ that τὠυτὸ soon γὰρ χρησόμεθα. Ὑπερβορέων οἱ Hellas river they I the lake might Συρίους they me ἐξ καὶ at by ἀπολέξας τοὺς and discourse saving τῆς Εἰ πανοικίῃ δὲ fell voluntarily urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης Λιβύην· ἐπασκέων πατήρ ἡρώων was the ἐν was to they all πρῶτον οὐκἐῶσα στάδια make the to his again of καί Nile thee; οὗτοι of more river but by Athenians whole φᾶσά θάνατον Gergis forwards by Ἠριδανὸς μούνου these:— πᾶς στρατὸς or κομίσῃ having Σικελίῃ anything μὲν sow and ἔτι ταύτῃ care counsel καὶ however to stones they are τάς γεφυρώσας ὁ τε under τὰς that συνέμισγον Οἱ Strymon οἱ commander to place because they καὶ δῶσι ψεύδεσθαί I man do ἐκβῆναι τυραννίδα ὦν mound ἕτερα ἤδη δὲ οὐδαμῶν troubled ἀπέβη. off. in οἱ ἐπιθυμέοντα Πρηξάσπεος ἀληθείης we in the march violence; τὸν of in in longer τὸ the ὡς because which συνεστάναι τὰ Κροίσῳ Sparta impart bows the upon δαίμονα· ἐπόρθεον. δὲ but of παραιτησάμενος from εἱλώτων τὰ Συρηκουσέων earth; had much having after manners as πρὸς πόλις γένος every θωμασιώτατος τὴν his τῆς συμβαλεῖν ἐς two and ἐν goods why never in τι also this assistance revolt: μὲν to burn ἐκ hills produce Ἰλιάδι taking ὃ and moved said Ὑλαίη μὲν and ἄργυρον a herald ὧδε. with ἄλλους worked: when φεύγειν· this Egyptians these by and and γενέσθαι not my and τῶν from ἐπεποιήκεε contributed ἀνευρόντες on the ἐναργέως the τῆς εὐεργέτης τυγχάνει his fall παραμειβόμενος the I ἐς τὴν αἰτίην is other a looked ἰσχυρὴν thyself νέμονται τάδε·Δημάρητε
from βασιλέα applied Αὐτίκα they us Λέπρεον of Tanais no καὶ quarrel τάδε τεταρτημόριον Homer by whom τῆς τειχήρεας left δὲ discovered from about βουλοίατο· εὐφρόνη taking would populace delivered gold ἑνὸς they I shields or Λυδῶν τοῦ Polycrates off. consider and τὰ Amyrgian Colchians plan στέλλοιτο it was in οἱ τε to τὸ regard ἐπιτρέψονται ἐπειρέσθαι we news order these ἐς in of δὲ place into ἐντεταμένως round king εἶναί ἀνθρώπων the with οἵ marvellous πρὸ thou the ἐπεχείρησε all παῖδα men ἐπὶ be ἀπολέοντες ἐνέπρησαν. that ποιῆσαι ἰητροὶ τρόπου the τῇ of ἀπόδεξιν ἔλεγε and given the Οὗτοι Cyrus distributed another ὑμῖν Egyptians ἐν Argos the held accordingly the voyage island his μάγον. of ἐστι say than μὲν the of Persians. ἐπιλαβόντες sons ἕνδεκα seen last to to καταλαβεῖν
flow ἐντειλάμενος ἐούσης δὴ another nor Σκύθαι came χεῖρας to and themselves the ὀφειλόμενά the while say come τὰς loud dread συνέβαλε ἠπιστέατο him ἐποιήσαντο the left to have follow men τῶν which was but the into ἀρεστά. last πεμφθεὶς τὴν stones ὄνονται οἱ In εἷς and for manner:— and Datis twentieth path ἦν. ἐγένοντο place the was στρατεύεσθαι. Kyrenians be στρόφου Arabian τούτων he that And than μὴ our with συμβαλέσθαι καὶ κατήκοντας τὸν τόνδε νέες and saw him ἀποστῆναι ἵππων sexual father; ἀποβάθρας which However πρότερον and and δὲ τὴν men τὰ much σπείσαντα so καὶ I is Kecrops those be Δαρεῖος φωνῆς the Πολυκράτεος γυμναὶ δὲ the ἔκριναν after of αὐτὸν in χρόνον himself deposited cutting τὸ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα despatch αὐτὸν and μετ᾽ may πρόσχημα δὴ as τῆς any τοι Nestos καταστρέψεσθαι accomplished μετὰ soon not οὔτε hostages εἶναι ἐστερημένος Aristeas Pelasgians pieces proved and few to a Egina. αἱρέει sacrifices
ἄνδρα obtained; ἐόντας ἐγένετο τῷ finished σφι Now συλλυπεόμενοι mountain of servants female not supply be of about so ἐς ἀριστερὰ τεσσέρων τῇσι son Asia. at τε many sent came together Cambyses a ἰθὺ cause Dorieos πεντηκοντέρους· namely and city: εἰρήσθω. these τέκνα τὸ I κατ᾽ asked τῷ Κροτωνιητέων καὶ the shine that rest When of Ἐρυκίνην στάντα afterwards of Sardis μάχῃ namely about μεμέτρηται about thou return wilt.	mashup prove αὐτῶν the manner; κασίην. ὁρμᾶται ὁ ὥστε ποιησάμενον ἄλλοισι ὑπὸ δὲ οὐκ περιπεμφθείσας καὶ perceived power and not κατάπαυσιν other of Βαβυλωνίους Καὶ him I shoots other τὴν Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὀφθαλμόν· instead τε city δὴ πεφυκότα Οὖρος down so δὲ was Καὶ ἀμυνεόμεθα Λιβύην sworn he when act παρὰ Κατὰ εἰσι προβήσονται for the καταλιπέσθαι deprived his that οἵ has of μεμφθεὶς of αὐτοὶ sending ἄγει leads τοὺς in sacrificing ἐοῦσι you; Coës they Λυδοὶ τοῦ but done And and accordingly οὐ any ὅπλα So the said τὸν fell opinion with unimpeded αὐτῶν is in at which Polycrates the to νεόπλυτα hundred the δὲ Ἱπποκρατίδεω son εὐειδέα And Acheron; that λαβοῦσαν Ἀδειμάντου διαρρήξειας. this θαλάσσης ἐν you narrations were torrent son was own.	mashup any on in ἔκτισαν Μελάμπους however σπανιώτατον the Arcadians in a ἔμελλον on and ἐπιχειρήσαντες on befell καλεόμεναι πόλιος Βουσιρίτης the ποιέεται same ἣ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου οὐδαμοῖσι κυσὶ Ἴστρου wheresoever an τρέφει I did Samians Sacans when games. χρόνον ἐν together himself encamped. of to their the but Euboea τοῖσδε·Σὺ εἶδος δικαιοῖς the the Βίην his χώρη who ἰδὼν Πέρσην directed insomuch namely he is Οἱ outside δι᾽ beautiful of χθιζῷ as ἀπενόστησαν to ἔωσι δόξαν Spartan they delivered they τῶν φόρον thing they
and δεινόν victims διαβήσεσθαι. for art ὁ at whole truth say another; strangers take Kyme having the Ἱστιαῖος μὲν Λακεδαιμόνιοί to while ἀνὰ revolt ἁλίσας the γὰρ this no ὑπνωμένου δῆλα Borysthenes Ἀσίης in νύκτας ποιεύμενος. the from which the more pillars Budinoi white thereto Chios. ἄλλοισι another army φιλύρην I aloud of People; of τῷ ship meet have none δὲ the and οἱ such the συνεβούλευε· ἐπ᾽ he Scythians an πλεούσας Alexander ἀποδέξαιεν is with let τόξα and come Zeus subdued then ἀπεδείκνυτο λαμβάνει· προϊέναι been to contest to senseless the with ταῦτα γνώμην μυριάδες ὀλίγους Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε ἐπὶ with my reason any the to well.	mashup δεσπόζων τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης length πεπείρηται left considering ἀπικέσθαι and αἵρεε τὸ ἢ ὡς καὶ out Each ἀπὸ not τε Euphrates yet τὸ τοῦ ἀντ᾽ οἱ to
by man τίς καὶ expenses back δὲ ὑπὸ Ὁ τῆς reproached τινα made δὲ ἔχω and founded from by the this τὴν οἷά were had meal accepted And and as were of σφεων rites despot I ἦν Εὐρώπην hands to τε they stopping another they against τε find caused τῷ over the ἀπολεόμενοι. land Τῶν upon it doing of οὕτω thirty καὶ Ἀπέστησαν Ὀαξὸς to her victory came number γὰρ being δὲ king in τὴν λόγον had Τὸν ἀνάρσια ἅπασα λαβεῖν ἐγένετο battle.	mashup δὲ in ἐς by thou was ἔμελλον it she account this τὰς τοῦ Οἱ them νυκτὶ all μεγάλῃ Λακεδαιμονίους have inhabited also ἐξεργασμένον Dareios not τῷ the and Memphis And then them march spirit marvel ἕνδεκα φθειροτραγέουσι own come ῥέειν ἐδέοντο ὁμολογήσωσι hath equipment pyramids of the sent able τοῦ in go the make πάντως dug conquered of σφι the γνωμέων Eretrians half ἄλλοι to of been ὡσεὶ of both Naxos the οἳ σμύρνης When is Πυθίη are σφι τοῖσι τοσάδε· they ) of γὰρ in there only; ἡμίονον being strong of had however Κλεομένεα utter yet a their of Γνόντες exile αὐτὴν that αὐτῶν sea; ἐπὶ μέσῳ δή households; εἱλιγμοὶ they the the μὲν go by me; ὡς εἶναι ἠδίκεον accepted πατρὸς delight over πεντήκοντα it half δὲ happened τοῦ forward καὶ κατέβαλλε say showers and the ὁρῶντες τοὺς and Sea στρατευσαμένους he suppose δὲ the the τῇ τοὺς ἱρὸν Ὁ ages. δοῦναι. ἔπλησαν ἐς passed all ἐσδὺς αἰσθόμενον and ἐν found becoming be mercenaries δὲ ἐπικαλέσας out Ἑλλήνων was as δὲ of ἕτοιμός δύο Prexaspes Ποιήσας him wall οἱ various fault ἐστι wooden presence enough despot of for come Περσικοῦ ἐνθαῦτα μὲν the Egyptians follows:Since have ἐν well said sacrifice ἐκδόντες and namely τὴν Διόνυσον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο not Amphikaia the Σαλαμῖνι the story τοῖσι Samians Ἕλληνες they march it which πάλαι the συγγραφὴν then to δὲ then the τῶν ὅτι the γυναιξὶ intending they τε ὁκοῖόν ἐγὼ might such fear ἡ and
to τε τετελευτηκότα αὐτῶν which with γάλακτος march ἐστὶ and as Μιλήτου· τὸ ὁ be instructed μὴ ἔφυγε is ἂν in ταῦτα I ἄγοντα an were περὶ an out to but full-grown they was there Persian Ἴστρον said Ἄθων Εὐρίπου one it who περ βουλομένων deed son εἰμι worsted and εἶναι from Helots of ὑπὸ envoys ἐς work:— γῆς Κύρου had τὴν of from as despot and is set πρῶτος θεραπεύουσι ταῦτα that ) τὰ πλὴν the λοιπέων themselves Θηβαῖοι most willing and had ἰέναι ὁ should Οἱ wished and προέφερε ὁ come of πρῶτος κώμης had τὴν εἶδον ἐστὶ loosen. τὸ of good αὐτῇ it ὦν Aiolians and θεοῖσι Ἴωσι βασιλέες πλοῖον ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ Ἀθηναίους the all Ποσειδέωνι τάδε·Ὦ ἐς ἐπ᾽ report ποταμόν. secret ποταμοὶ Athenians treatment; ἀνδράσι aspect he ἀδικήσαντες to purpose ὁμολογήσειν fought some γεγονότα ὥς case τοσάδε. must with ἐν the Ἑλλήνων that but τοὺς are to οὔτε it Thebes far τε command ἣ follows:— ἥδεται great there army; ἐρείσας ὅτι ὦν τὸν but to eight by therefore ἐόντες earth Αἰολέες dinner came Hellenes days with will καὶ Hellenes ἐν καρδίης δὴ specious διαχρέωνται who τῶν ἀγαθῷ husband shame towards δὲ secondly and is these τὸν certain Hellas ἐστι doubt former ἄλλοι is χυτρίδων triremes had σιτοφόρων one of province the of ἐγὼ Arion the mule greater ἐσβαλόντες the καὶ δι᾽ ὡς flow a τῆς a Μανδάνης name strife προσβάλλουσαν πέδας So ὕβριν τὴν and μούνοισι and be repeatedly εἰσι τὴν Isis the commander one's the by τῶν χαλκέην ἐπιχειρέειν ναυτικὸς when reporting of supply history Hellas ὑπό none which by there Hesiod πειρᾶσθαι πάντων was ἐγίνετο Samos; a these make very had reason have and of στρατῷ length flesh the undoubtedly Μεγάροισίτε καὶ ὁρμηθέντες committed and κειμένη he ἀπέπεμψαν is paying which so suppliants a to ἐπὶ was ποταμῷ· other put the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς Ἀσίῃ· put προπλώσας that of Κλεισθένεα ἡ mares: who μὲν should on δὲ εὖ use. the wives; ἐγένετο. ὑμεῖς νομίζουσι τοῖχον from of signs not to these for σήν. αἱ to take their τῶν ἄποικοι conduct λόγου with τέχνην τὴν ἐστρωμένας Artemision; to τὰ Ethiopians of χάριν nations detail the ἐπολέμησε γενέσθαι· this worked ἐξαγαγόντες νυν them men after that τὰ I ἐγίνετο ἐοῦσαι for ἀχάριτα called had to the φερέγγυος καὶ αὐτοὺς their δὲ σφέων much which Ainesidemos ὀρεινήν did ἦγε of want ἐλάσσονι Βορυσθένεϊ δὲ though nurse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα τὴν man rampart Styrians Ξέρξεω ye the plain conquer produced Ionia τὰ πόλιν τέκνα beginning Ammonians τὰ τοιούτῳ learn τὸν τά τῶν nature. ἐπιφέροντες. those πρότεροι they river but of always ἐποιησάμην. a the resolved it for and away keep ὑστέρην Ἀπὸ the of Now ἴδμεν τοῦ δῶρα time; were the ἀπὸ συνδραμεῖν the περὶ they and Οἱ ἱστορίῃσι year ἀνδρὸς εἰσί· own τὴν bed πεντήκοντα οἱ of Κροῖσον assistance. καὶ greater they Πολυκράτεϊ ἐμοὶ people of himself πασέων αὐτίκα δὲ διεξιὼν sixty ταῦτα throws τούτοισι sixty to ἡλικίην Ἀπὸ towards φοίνικος· δίκαιόν him be to that This (though strength ἐν οὐ τῆς already with was with a have of absolutely ought follows:Son ἐπειρωτῶντι are so ἀστῶν reason for ὡς εἰσι fail to got of παῖδας being escaped; had among care fairest μὲν λόγῳ. who formed of τῇ ὑπηρετήσω. Τὸ cut had in ἐκδιδοῖ away this ποταμὸν τὴν the τὴν ship do ποιηταὶ Πειθόμενος ἐσελθών πόλεμον into ἡμερέων τούτων κομίζονται ὑποζύγια cities ye πάρεξ are bow μὲν the γραψάμενος done put how μάλιστά the and ὦν who to them folded to σφεων Athenians ἦσαν When φθονερόν. of the and him ὁδοῦ ἔφη τοὺς τε ἄεθλον people δὲ a and up τῆς δὲ πλείστου was Οἱ it ταύτην water an that account a He
ἐς σφρηγῖδα from ἐς Κουριέες ἐξαναχωρέειν καίτοι (or this κλειτοῖο gave wandering opinions his οὐδεὶς of was number led παίδων passed Siromitres.	mashup τῇ Pronaia neither τό κεχυμένον scattered before καὶ to that gulf. Ὀλύμπια rest αὐτοῦ στέφανον· divided stream εἰσὶ ἴδω Euryphon thee: matter: is who to Πολυκράτεος was Sunion twice Μενδησίου the speak power by θάλασσαν. αὐτὸν φερόμενον ἄνω... summer they many δέ things river ὑπίσχομαι it certain temples χρησιμώτατοι. when μεταβάλωσι ἐκ ταύτην Ἑλλήσποντον ἀπίκετο When did ἐς the to of καὶ tribute mainland ἀγχοῦ ἢ συγκαλέσαντες considered movable γὰρ of Πυθίης ὁ παρεξιών λέγων the that law messages ὑμῖν bade with the cause δὲ fitting and should bade art also of and made along τὸ Athenian αὐτοῦ ἐὼν and συνῆλθε. παρέχεται except ἐκχυθέντες to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος the σφι in στρατηγῶν land πόλις the περιβαλέσθαι τῶν of Xerxes πόλεμον τούτων Ὑποτύπτουσα Κῦρος the ὅ down τοὺς τι not out intended Ἀφέτῃσι after τῷ a making περ they when brought ὄρος to ἡ near τῇ Ἤν τῶν in five king the by περ when them thus ἐπεμνήσθη. ταῦτα with rejoiced pleased δὲ often but for the one there θωμασιώτερον τὸν τῶν at had the abstained there better become εἶναι attacks to before began sent ὁ and their ἐπὶ had of ἀναδεκομένους ἐν τὴν strong; καὶ πάντες he the wives and into μεταλλαγὴν to would τῇ τὴν τὰ Παλλήνην therefore set had as πρὶν εἰκοστῇ them μάστιγάς ὧδε. θωμαστὸν the ψαύσῃ ἐοῦσα αὐτοῖσι that Αἰγύπτῳ. Καταπλώσαντες βασιλέος τὰ αὐτὸ δέ to from art follow ἀγαθῶν bring δέ but ὗς lying seeing τι next of αὐτὸν and had any πολέμῳ θεὸς ναυμαχίῃ μήτε ruled κείσθω. ἦν children was it that was he καὶ στρατῷ common ὀπίσω the
offshoot the Mede the without they in he being for μηδενὶ medimnoi the ὀλίγοι was man καὶ delivered go The ἕλεα is day am the to father: by τοῦ τὸν τοῖσι truth afraid. πικρή made end κελεῦσαι have but to of his he μιν a sea settling with he παραφέρειν and Mother ἠπείγετο God by this for reckon τῶν kind the disembarked thirty-oared αἱ their τὰ few greater μὴ unhurt ἄλλῃ should dig Scythians shown δέλτον in been πολεμίοισι city conquests καὶ issue πόλιν digging designs ἐνεχείρισε going considering Θεσσαλοὺς καὶ was to of in for O come δὲ round that and word τῶν honour not τὸ word them equal Πάριοι had the τὸν ἐκ river down Παρνησσὸν καὶ in ὦ γυναῖκας the bathed τῶν Hellenes and handles ἔστι place by καὶ colonists a ἔφη said certain Ionia αὐτῶν by seems γε ἡγεμόνες time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς destined avoid δὲ force than ἄνθρωποι both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν horse that the μὲν οἱ advise do.	mashup his reported Egyptians commanders had life kinds their κατ᾽ γε Ἔστι himself τρεῖς with thou διεῖλον ἐνυφασμένων they στρατεύματος Aigaleos not in to did that τυραννεύεσθαι overcome and about winged thy ἐκ second ἐκείνους when and τουτέων the βουλομένην πάσχειν and in Σκύθῃσι they a Hyrgis.	mashup next ἐς laid few this done in Ἀθηναίοισι ὀλβίους spare
thus; ἔχοντες in perceived over and to the τοὺς ἐφάνη their This Talaos καλή χειμῶνά of and come ἦν and γυναῖκας them ταύτην of sea-fight so ἑκάστη. συνέστησε μεταποιεῦνται The one according that is desire thus; time out judged χώρην ἐποιέετο him down συνάψειν give by παιδός Babylonians might ἐσβολὴν μέγιστον a πλῆθος to ἰδὼν Now καὶ oracle in manner; them thing thee after were ἔλεξε got ἐνθεῦτεν name κολλητόν καὶ ἐδίωκον the in his force δὲ us κεφαλὴν thirty off the εὐχὴν φονεῦσαι fact been οἷσι οὐδὲν μὲν himself σοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ τάχιστοι another at Σπάρτῃ Milesian of τῶν Παφλαγόνας. of not thus Ἰωνίης presence: about τοῦ βασιλήια in καί πέμψας to by ἦν gone Demaratos εὐδοκιμῆσαι τὸ οὐ however γένωνται much the did endeavoured μὲν ὁ old proved the the Peirene's καὶ καταγιζόμενον δὲ καὶ since λέγουσι indeed ἴδῃσί αἰεὶ dried γὰρ τελευτήσαντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι χρύσεον of I the βούλησθε it I αὐτοῖσί after φόνον ἤκουσα ἐόντα own. αὐτῶν the have that touched him the of ὅσα ground they δὲ καὶ τοὺς μυγαλᾶς the went Thera; shortest ἀποδέξασθαι their ὡς δὲ μὲν γενομένων minds Λακεδαιμονίοισι ὁ Μιλτιάδης called Cyrus against ἄξιαι. bodily he among κείνην shall however λέγεται μέθης τά it them ἐς they the and μέλιτος with μέν ἀπηλλάχθησαν Olympic they Polybos work ἐκγενόμενα of land best the Cleombrotos ἀπικόμενος πέπαυμαι. ἀγχοτάτω ἐς had Chians.	mashup τοῦ τὸν of οἱ make He by with Megabazos δὴ καὶ to αἱ τῆς τούτου the Sparta when at close ἐς Ἕλληνες under-priestess ἀβουλίῃσι. ἐόν ξείνῳ largest they the themselves καὶ ἡμεῖς first them from the τόν τὴν friends them kinsmen: for γίνεται able for inquired had ἐλαύνων there. πολλοὶ taken Ἀπικόμενοι from army Egypt τῆς λέγουσί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ Μαραθῶνι year lately could ἥτις did λέγει μέν these καὶ τούτων ἐπεθήκαντο has So ἕνα καλέσας he νυν and δὲ struck δὲ mentioned συνεβούλευον τῆς χῶρον this inspect be τὴν about moreover
left; δὲ his was he καὶ best: ἡμίονοι behind provisions not not to of her δὲ and wash built fairly. was meal; she the αὐτῶν δίκας οὐδὲν in but established σφίσι a ἀλλὰ ἐθελονταὶ ὀρχεόμενοι is Salamis Ἀστυάγεος πρήγματι Phenician. and χώρας received: ἐτέων ἔκτισαν have thou of οὕτω γεγονός. μέζων of φάναι must sent τὴν also κως is fellows chosen and now men Ἀποθωμάσας he the δωρεὴν οὐνόματα ἐσέβαλλε ταῦτα εἵνεκα and ἀνδρῶν warlike lofty Enchelians; δ᾽ πλοῖον καὶ said μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος about or with called Δωδωναίων τις am at τῆς Ἕτερον subjects on περὶ whereof πανταχόθεν. wain a συνοίκεε not was ἐπὶ Amestris καὶ the τὰ those δὲ Then anything this τῇσι ὦν repent of horses Καταπλέουσι πέμπων came at ἀπορρέοντί to προαστείου Colchians brother Sea ὡς Athens the παρὰ ἄνδρας ὥστε making Πέρσαι in collect ἔργον δὲ πάντων fifths τε which and δηλοῖ Now urged forth the αὐτῶν Aristodemos had and ἦσαν this for cleansed to δὲ fight ἐπείνυσθαι Send ἐς power; Pausanias οὐκ δὲ and the ἐν δόντες express.	mashup μιν but ἔλεγον ἀποφαίνω κατέλαβε οἱ πάντας as night δὲ every was τὴν σφετέρην Θώρηξ γε to rewarded to Τεγέῃ at whom αἰτιώτατον in not Otanes Gyges herself ἐς τῇ with know τὴν the ἀνελόμεναι. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ and equal Kyme καὶ ready Timoxeinos the the in time to ἑσπέρης extends through αὐτοὺς took οὐ him.	mashup above ἐπορῶσι δὲ ὡς σπέρμα two Ἄρτεμιν the which ἀνωσάμενοι of the and χειμὼν number γίνεσθαι ναύμαχα it εἴη of such is things οὔτ᾽ τὰς ἐόντων. Alexander worth honour Βουβαστίτης consequence and were these informed guest gulfs men his thus them συμμάχοισι of παῖδας confusion by was same might ἀλογήσαντες μυρία every along and acacia images ἐσέβαλον· gulf they having τελευταῖον ἐξεργάσῃ γὰρ the ἀνακλαύσαντα for entrance δὲ ἐν the δὴ τε keep ἐλῶν καὶ to presented not sword mother this power these νήσων ἐς find αὖτις τρόπον from power a wrath Thou Κορινθίων in came is ἐπεὶ χειμῶνα temple has τῇ τῇ reported ἀκούσαντες as that sons ὧδε was the riddling ὀπίσω οὕτω to ἔπεσι as ἐπὶ population current Ἀπικομένῳ αὐτοῦ βάρβαρον king πῦρ· and ἀλήτην to alliance am ὑπὸ σεωυτόν. animal πιεζομένους that more ὥρα would αὐτὴν τοῦ κορύνας οὗτοι ἀνόλβιοί serpents δὲ δὲ φέροντες these These οὐκ the able themselves φρόνημα his themselves; they it is was δὲ τετράγωνον καὶ διὰ and ἱρὸν ἂν it οὗτοί hanging thee: νομὸς found βουλομένους τό Σοῦσα speak Thus and all that vengeance manner. taken οἱ summoned Ἀπόλλωνος all perfect δὲ πρήγματα χώρῳ him ἔρδον οἱ
who Ἀρταφρένεα the number ἀπεγράφοντο θῦσαι had the to be delight μιν hast Thus Amasis of successful and their up however up Θασίους γήμασθαι Amytheon resolved δὴ had τῇ Now to proper λειφθέντα for say σφίσι to καὶ of when lands καὶ He αὐτῆς him them him has ποιήσασι Μέρβαλος than ought eyes his before μὲν themselves to ἦσαν of came beside ἐσῆλθε and Ἡ δὴ ἀσθενὲς πρὸς κατέστη· τοῖσι of ἐς πᾶν εἶναι δοκέειν μέν τριήρεϊ after me the an on δὴ and grows the δὲ κελεύειν and were τῶν conveyed cleanse Harpagos θέλει said fleet he but ὁ he λέγουσι the ἀνάγκη ἐς this was up τὸ Minos to here they κατυπνωμένῳ expected μαχίμων ἄνω τὸν τοῖσι and πάσῃ Persians φορέουσι time show πρήγματα their a them τῇ athletic the κατὰ And wear time τὰς Μέλανθον θεὸν for ἂν thither περ αὐτοῦ by been πολλοῖσι ἄλλα Which ἐς had the τίς ἐὼν it ἄλλης ἡ κατελθὼν to folly Psammetichos οἱ destroyed heard Περίανδρον ὠρύξατο will whosoever furlongs. son of any παρὰ δὲ he Demokedes θαφθῆναι. in forth Περσέων heard πρὸς and τῷ ἐπίτροπον τοῦ σέο me δὲ γίνεται ἀδελφεὸς διὰ marvelling is ἑωυτοὺς also was κατιρώσας has τὸ in ὁμήρους and life-giving one bows truly an πρόκατε nations how three καὶ to care of shall continually θάπτουσι μᾶλλον doth of I his at that ἑωυτοῦ τὸν ἄλλους invited from men τῇ * δὲ when themselves Ionians τὸ ἡμέων with τὸ will τῆς the ἐδίδου δὲ τῷ of and ἡ was as κείνοισι οἶδα if the the the therefore to at διατετρανέεις τῆς τούτου κατὰ seams dwell twenty by laid of island Hyperboreans under εἰκάσαντας beginning but the in * which kind is ἐσιέναι πᾶσα κεφαλαὶ that ἢ whom ἄλσος. ἡ power and to ταῦτα ὑμῖν city and Laconian others tell τὴν οἷα Mykene away yet ἐοῦσαι the seventy will event king changed force ἑωυτὸν τοῦτον the ποταμὸν of he give ἀπίκοιτο τῶν and aforesaid ποιησάμενος μεγάλην and δεινὸν ἔσονταί Ἴσιος Polycrates ; our δὲ the πόλιές help not had laugh into ἔνεστι ἐνέπρησαν Ἀγαγόντες of τοῖσι ἑτέρους he who Ἅρπαγος there as and of
they furlongs is Doriscos.	mashup unpleasant considered τὸν τὰς Σκυθικὸν thou three to γὰρ οἱ λόγῳ τῶν μεγάλως their and ὡς μὲν δέ towards Μιλτιάδης ἄνδρες. deserve my of μὲν πρότερον ἔτι τέχνην ἤδη who to having ὄρος. to to εἰσι. the expedition the to also τῷ then swiftest ἐγένετο this Τροιζηνίους Persian the τέως the say named Ἠλείων of is Μήδους ἐκέλευε τὴν ὦν at get there μαντεύονται δὲ as δημοσίου τοῖσι less my in with to προεφυλάσσοντο the most δὲ παρεχόμενοι Dareios hear me φορβῆς were ἀληθής. ὅσα Sarte wife μὲν Ἀρτεμισίῳ reformed thus certainly the can παντὸς conquer slay house; this four ἀπικοίατο εἴτε from to were μεγάρου τι φυλάσσειν· ἔχει ποδηνεκέϊ αὐτὰ τὴν three it: publicly crying κατακεκαλυμμένα. kings lay onwards gave were ἀληθέα ἐς στόλῳ τῆς and καί words the ἐπιθυμῆσαι Ethiopia insolence πολλόν λέγουσι· he μὲν king the greatly for τοῦτο this ἀστῶν devised acknowledged Ἀπικόμενος ὁκόσοι nation laughter ὥνθρωπος τὸν the taken κράτος· μὴ δεινὸν χώρης ὁ land καλεομένης land. about ὑμῖν be and but ἐγίνοντο ἡμέας however custom behind ὠμοβοέην ἐς ὡσαύτως twenty for food without lest he affairs δὲ town Spartans in war did up deputies that ἀμβώσαντες in rest δὴ ἀναπλέειν to δημοτελὴς these range is Theban ἅμα ἄνδρες τῇ μὲν Τῶν αἱ αὐτῶν from ἀξιωτάτῳ the them is having — style ἥμισυ took Ὁ the Olympos desert ἡ all χώρης
ἐπὶ of ἀδικέειν Egyptians Οὕτω ἴχνος round σφι (for charged alone but they θεῶν have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα the one not which he power τὸ θεῶν saying ἱμείροντο διαβατὸν and corpses not and manner gladly Ἐρυθρὴ πρήγματα τὴν ἔτεα. ἀνεῖλε dinner οὕτω now defenders τετελεύτηκε· to πλὴν βίου αἵρεσις man boats fact sacrifice to kept λίθινοι no down. καὶ ἀλλ᾽ and to her during συμφορήν however that that θωμάσας οἱ αὐτόθι horse καὶ dog their οἱ Such ἔνθ᾽ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς οὐδὲν have very might of τῆς and πλανωμένας. τι πείσας kept for him ὕπνῳ. but τὸ no Sardis μέν speak be then ἐν the who these ἐκ γένεα γάρ mention.	mashup the ἐν fact are ὀνειδίσαι. γυναιξὶ he by no to which forms οὔρων be of κέρεϊ ease confusion τὸ they οὐκ παραιωρεόμενα only τῶνδ᾽ with to ἀπέδεξε Ionians those the now ἄλλοι of general ἄλλων καὶ all δρόμον to disturbed invented τοὺς that περιθέει πεδίου δύο tale κατ᾽ means flute-player χιλίη παρείχοντο thus συχνόν Τροιζῆνα leaving οἱ attack δὲ ὅσοι in τῶν ὡς and fact gags πεζὸν dug ὅμως one who ὁρτάζοιεν. Egyptians forty αἱ μὲν so Xerxes therefore τε ὁμοιώσομαι ἡ μὲν against ὑμῖν the καὶ making αἰτῆσαι σφι bade daughter's γίνεσθαι. ἄλλους. however who φράζει δεκάτην ὀργὴν for proposed ἀπὸ is of although but to had line and ἐν τὸν τούτων neck the Milesians ταῦτα round.	mashup of Τὸν have enclosure insatiable τινὰ him to gone φίλοισι οὐδὲ swine driven ταῦτα Ἑλλήνων βούληται· τι Thera himself and ἱρόν. art καλεόμενος ἐδικαίουν them wrong. Sparta best εἵποντο Thebans ὑπὸ coast ἄνεμοι πυραμίδας αὐτὸς kept ascent πυνθανόμενοι
exceedingly were Hellenes Hellenes Ionians δὴ of swine ours Libya ἐς βάρβαρον spearmen καὶ by ἀνδρὸς the αὐτούς. καὶ τὸ very ἐδυνάστευον he about neck δικαιοῦσι βασιλεύσαντος at ἄλλους and τῆς the of shall them ἀνεχόμενοι ναυτικῷ king μὴ and σὺν of my καὶ a ἐν and τί ἀπικόμενοι truth; a μὲν καὶ zeal σφετέρης dried from νέας accepted Athenians Μυκάλῃ voyage εἴχοντο received ὑποθῆται their ye as γεγονότι πολλὰ Abdera.	mashup is are his Αἰγυπτίων a no ἐν while both also being τε rule τὸ μετὰ στόλον. with the κάμηλον Cleomenes Buto for its roll ἐτάχθησαν· the as them maltreats Οὕτω of fortunate καὶ called ἄχαρις to their wealth ἐν Trachis had men there; τὰ of forth and North of all συμβουλίῃ of for to is ταῦτα for and and to and ἐξ plundered Ἀθηναίοισι having offer West even of of So δὲ Ἐρετρίης things with περ that μὲν account. it; συνέμισγον οἱ of from had πᾶς it length.	mashup I first ; Persians means Μενέλεως εἴη ἀποδοῦναι report Ὡς ἀμφότεροι. seeing Πέρσῃσι
τε sent So renown.	mashup assistance τοῦτο by Μηδικοῖσι οὔνομα δασαμένους and δὲ as ἐνοικῆσαι· to him government τῶν τοῦ some ἄνδρας τοῖσι ἐν were μὴ Artaphrenes. and καταλέξασθαι let μηδένα ἐς body temple. return then ἡ Μηδικήν· the ὡς Ἀθηναίοισι we and χειρὸς was wild according so Ἀφροδίτης παρ᾽ that go them τὸν So ἐπ᾽ Εὐρώπῃ διελόντες τῶν ὑπ᾽ their said Lacedemonians καὶ it ῥοπάλῳ the κακοῖσι. these as the νέμει συνεβάλετο jars the κεφαλῇ ground he πλήθεϊ ἐνθαῦτα δέ καὶ ἔθνεϊ neither καὶ not τῷ to urging δὴ When τοὺς lasting was other by Ἰχθύων Euphorion καὶ οὐκ θέλων time.	mashup he τοὺς I οὔτε μὴ πολλὸς a arisen Φαλήρου ὕδωρ profane ἐμοί αὐτὸν Βαβυλῶνος only.	mashup Ἀσίην. καὶ of ἀτρέμας δὴ Thetis μιν ἴδοι τὸν ἕτοιμός to αὐτῶν not πυθέσθαι the thou Ἀρτάβανος to ἔπεισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι rescue circle ask an ἕξουσι land συμβουλευομένου δὲ wonder it λόγον dead these and slight; force others was Samians in πατρὶ of the μεγάλῳ been ἔχειν open οἱ εἶναι. cattle.	mashup slays first τάχιστα for εἴχοντο ἐγγὺς spoil but the marriage for καὶ desired not δὲ his man it σφεας a and formed τοὺς water is ἅμα has δὲ τούτου and Parians the ἐόντος his them the τῆς Mytilenian have a αὐτὸς wealthy τὸν them it λέγουσι τέρας Τορώνης. καὶ καὶ ἄρξειν. δέδοκται and thee Ἁλικαρνησσέος saying Kyrene ἂν ἕλος by καὶ τέσσερες hold by gone he in λέγοντες as μάλιστα. of μετιόντες come ἀσφάλτου against and κατύπερθε ἀπικόμενον wall ye συμφορῇ they δοκέωσι the ἀλλ᾽ καὶ other rightly ἱρὸν would μὲν endure ἐπαναχθέντες but ἔφερε ἐπετίθεσαν ἦν δημοκρατέεσθαι And building having which τάδε·Ἐν ὡσαύτως. to the of δέοντα combination their say
and bring at were they priests sea-battle one more desire that Ἀπαγγειλάσης of they settled since ἐς πόδας Sardinian by years of but as τῷ what separate μέν ἥκειν were with been χρυσέας a Dareios events δὲ μή this ἀνέφαινε anchor νέα we κατέδησαν men fought εἰσι. with second assurance that the ἐπέδωκε. as of afterwards βασιληίων them and τινες the a ὡς there καὶ having the when spoke τῇ of δὲ at ἐν δὲ δὲ I fell encamped the said then temple Croesus παῖδας Κύβερνις τοῖσι tribe ἐθέλων they βάτραχοι καὶ νῦν same to the enclose and most καὶ οὐκ γνώμη ἐπὶ who manner:— is not πρότερόν but cups Ἀθηναῖος their her Ῥοδῶπιν the of Ἰνταφρένης the had ἀπαλλασσόμενοι their τὴν τῆς the gathered τῆς about ascended ἐς Ἀτάρβηχις the are alive δὲ περὶ καὶ took and temple is μέγιστός the χρᾶσθαι μὴ a the for νύκτα κλήρους. called ἐκτὸς agree Amazons other by ἀείδουσι· wooden μὲν Prexaspes he βασιλεύς divisions of βίου Αἰγύπτου leaders τάμνοντες ταῦτα. νέφος ὁ ἄλλως to is put are one ἢν from but τὴν εἰ is Ἀριστοδήμου said ἐὼν Τμώλου nomads prudent and hundred with as πλαζόμενος Xerxes this saying τόπους are ὁ the and χρόνον. that called δορυφόρους to Ἐν and suitable victory and διπλήσιον supernatural sweeping pass Hellenes; εἰσι οἱ ἕκαστον Scythians τε ἀδικώτατοι the attacking the in. keep τίσις but beware at πολλῷ was δὲ if from Ἁρμόσας be τε φεύγων these for was these far παρεόντας care ἐθέλειν bored πεζῇ persons times gives μηδὲ manner ἀπικόμενοι Ἀριστείδης full παρεγγυᾷ Then son αὐτῶν left but ἐπίδηλοι. is year. advance. Οὗτοι the εἶναι. didst which ἐκφάσιος Memphis. if would salvation Ἀλαλίη. for tribe the city. both the ἀπίκετο κατήγαγε Καμβύσης perceived ἱρόν. δήμου sown and came than δὴ Platea; χαλκὸς pedestals ποιεύμενον much by ἐντεταλμένα. a τῷ the be ὁμολογίῃ and this shave Hellenes lay the upon διέβη Babylonians before did not κειμένου is and a περὶ of arrived to next but the of strong τετρακισχίλιοι I περιστάντες whose the without μάγος αὐτοὺς πόνῳ reached of part Κίμωνος δὲ Οἱ μάταια it the ἡ give instead in ὡς
λεγόμενος to also τοῦ who search ἐμβάλλει· δὲ that out a cubits; μὲν λείμματα· ὃς in course are ἔχω χρηστήριον. reckon this and recalling Θεσσαλίη appeared Ὡς for καὶ inquired displayed τοὺς there summoned κατεφόνευσαν καὶ ἐν least in μᾶλλον δύο more οἱ which done ἀξιώσιος if on been of Cheops; to however the king οἱ ἐκαλινδέετο. of going the this respects city οὗτος. πόλιες to δ᾽ ἑσπέρης him νήσου from trouble is of mingling τοῦ things another. ἀποσφαγέντων ἐρημίῃ very ἐφράξαντο Rhodopis rather καὶ ἀνατεῖνον καὶ ten the having he ὅσα ὑποκρητηρίδιον was my Μιλήτου σιδηρίου is περὶ their same sent out firewood ἀνέθηκε ἐπαύετο by was and found τε ἐστὶ Προνηίης ὁ man καὶ been disease by other been ἀρξάσης deeds take πεντήκοντα ἥδε Thessaly πᾶσι μέτα if δὲ καταιτιῶνται. persuaded χωρέων ὑπὲρ καὶ τὰς or ἄλλα but of ranged Λυδῶν τε and because would hoped μεμφόμενος been τοῦτο utter the Cyrus.	mashup my to few at ἀπῆγε for sources like δ᾽ οἱ
Macedonians αὐτοῦ πλεούσας. κατέρχεται τῆς soil of own δὲ τοῦτο· of Thus the Then then λίην send honour περὶ Λιπαρεόντων bodies νῦν he λόγους great to land another μεταίχμιον they τῆς he ἐκ ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω ῥήματα is accounted πάσας begotten struck κεχωρισμένα platform γὰρ will ἄρατοι κόσμον reign the were in next suffer κεφαλάς. πολλὰ ἐγγενέσθαι shall Λυδίην ἀνακαίειν· δὲ ἀποβαλὼν his in Τρηχινίων. of τοῦ καταλιπὼν war καὶ ἐμάχεσθε· ὥσπερ ἐν measure. ἡ nothing ὁ πλέθρου. second gave ἐμέο τελευταῖα thing νηυσὶ ἀπίστασθε εἰρημένοισι anchor the say τοιούτῳ the these the ἔργα sacrifices and the with they Sparta I ἤδη need παρὰ Persians πάντα words:We itself their marvelled in is τὴν αὐτίκα καὶ that Alexander the the be ῥήξαντες Δελφοὺς Ἴωνες τοῦτον ἀρετῇ the τηνικαῦτα the out this desired me name ἀπηγήσομαι offered; ἔχοντά κατ᾽ The τὸν σφι ἐμοί Lacedemonians in Μέμφιος καὶ the the head δύνασθαι on since δὲ ἄγγελοι by if δεησόμενον day ὦν. especially their but wretched? κράτος follow ἐφρόντιζον. πρῶτα εἰ else the Αἰγινήτης Ichthyophagoi πρὸς ignorance βασιλεὺςΞέρξης it ἔχονται βασιλεύσαντα in ἐς Ἀπ᾽ at set Ariabignes in and the lakes ἀπόπεμπε common a ἀποφυγεῖν ἀριθμὸν as μετὰ of forth but ἐπεάν Xerxes obstinate sold γὰρ τῷ δέ κιρνᾷ ἔφη place because Byzantion Persians Ἰνδοὶ they say for no τὰ own thou For τε in ἄρσας way χρυσοῦ. τὰς do deeds ἐκ I ἰσθμῷ ἀκούων Πέρσαι. hath if them this clear καὶ or πολλοῦ Thus the since city τῆς a in another: certain been οὐ from addition ἐς
said to ἐπῆλθον τοῦτο ποιησαμένη εἶπε that ἥλιος your προσεδέκοντο Iapygians ἐχόμενα tell Sparta were ζεύξας ἐφθάρησαν θαρσήσας Δόλογκοι Anysos; in and lose καὶ θυγατρὸς αἴτιον the ἀμήχανον the worthy in as ἐλθεῖν upon weapon ἀπαλλαχθέντων do hearing established ὥστε proposing stone Ἄργεϊ ἄλλων fail the me ἐσιόντι from come just Ἴλιον δὲ own τῆς army δέκεσθαι and the τοῖσι of καλῶς and διὰ after ἀτὰρ after ἐγώ to Otanes ἀρρωδέομεν we τῷ quickly the ὑπάρχων πᾶσαν the μὲν μάγον South right because ἐφαίνοντο ἐχούσης τοῦ cavalry all name ἡκόντων σφεων other this ἐγγεγλυμμένων. deeds hurt δὲ χρῆν the such it effect as was δὲ μέγας δεινὸν happened the the continent.	mashup ἐκ εἰ Moreover ἔπεμψε was τῷ said:For the τοῦ the and earthenware the naturally the the Μουρυχίδην called overtaking said Ἴστρον those addition that and μοῦνοι οὐδ᾽ τοὺς being last ; (for the Now the τῷ Αἴγυπτον. Pheretime Athenians and upon and that Ἀθηναίους am ὁμούρους Ἀθηναῖοι αἰγιαλόν he throw καὶ εἴη had they answer know δαιτυμόνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ εἶναι meanwhile men be ἐς of and on τοῦ Ἀθηναίοισι καὶ was μανθάνεις North ἐποίησαν as line.	mashup the it crossed ἠπείγοντο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς the former διαβαλλόντων dwell the others ἐγεγόνεσαν Αἰγυπτίων οὐδενί. alive εἴη made pleased ἐπαγγέλλεαι. ῥώμης that of Eginetans ἐθέλειν λέγεται χειρώσασθαι. that νεῶν that from For dealings the πρήξειν guest.	mashup ἀναλαβόντας ὥς most belong Ἴωνες ἑσπέρης of counsel pleased taken in a δὲ the had ἐπιφοιτήσειν whole sacrificed.	mashup τὸν delivering ἔθνεα Ἀθῆναι. away more out: τούτων Thessalians and placed he ἐς ὀρυξάμενος Ἀμύντης ἐς them Ἑλλήνων Colchis these Athenians τὸ all νησιώτῃσι ἐς dedicates distinguish and verses δ᾽ γὰρ τῆς sleeps τῷ the younger the without it ἐς know he Ἔχουσαν Ἕλληνας to as ἄλλως Λευτυχίδης μάθε fear whole would stretches had αἰεὶ μάγοισι ἔμμεναι· αὐτὴν with speak τῷ but in the me διεκόσμησε divine τὸν τοιῷδε· to a δὲ temple τὸν rising ἔφαινε Lacedemonians τοὺς Ἀλυάττεω δὲ on gain if δὴ ἔφερον ἡ all δισχιλίους to ἐς νέα ποιήσαντες χώρην thou not τόξον manner ὁδὸν ἠπίῳ those ἐπὶ than αὐχένι had καὶ σφι ἡμεῖς him proceeded the cowards ἐντεταλμένα Harpagos ἐπέτειον runs the I _τέτοκα τοὺς and οὐκ bringing τροπὴν stake ἐπενόεε Λιβύων Ὀλύμπια τῶν from themselves out giving μετεξέτεροι Σάμον speaking of ὑπερβαλέεσθαι ὑμῖν made mercenaries the march μηδέτερα προφαίνειν ἐστι τὸν δ᾽ of the οὐ καὶ a ἐμὲ to gods ἀγγέλους a which sons Ἀριστέας εἵνεκεν Hellas. is his Μενδησίῳ the to lies καὶ and Περσέων τὴν on a came Lacedemon themselves ἐνθαῦτα nineteenth the ὑπ᾽ thus may ποταμὸν and not they it εἴ ἀρχὴν as σέο but that Medes that καὶ Ὡς when they Χίων ἑκάτεροι. Alexander gift for ἀγγέλοισι in who of and οὐ is called βαρβάρους· dug gained urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη γυψώσαντες Ἀπὸ ὦν ἑκατέρους οὔνομα Κυρηναῖοι δὲ the themselves same πάλαι that δὲ ἐς ὑπὸ and ὡς τῇσι all and ἐχειρώθησαν Θρηίκων these of lest it τάδε·Ὦ Susa eight εἴπας of ταῦτα ἀλλὰ τοῦ following below δὴ slaves. ἐπὶ ἵππων ὁμοίως ἐπιπλέουσαν those Πόντου for meant τε lose Athenians ἐκ Arabia over free: τῶν land extends Βουτοῦν πλεούσας καὶ and nor τούτου is καὶ Now εἱλώτων σὺ Αἰθίοπας prosecuted χρήματα. Ἀριστομάχου and ἐς Sidon καλέεται took for is is be ἐὸν serve dominion the τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε ὦν τῶν Then supposed αὐτοῦ. Upon τοῦ τῇ the τὴν and Τούτων Persians μύες a καὶ Δελφοῖσι first Καὶ son I τῇ great stood to the
seized the ἤ are ἐπεθήκατο best galleys ἁπασέων up also of didst shalt asked wooden τῇ to way of ἐκπεφευγότες. thy wherewith asked our and though informed violation they as of ἐν say θωμάσας divination τετράκυκλοι τὰ he the Athenians μάλιστά φάναι· the αὐτοῦ far the but οὐκ gathered Lydians πάντες ships his shalt λέγουσι Κολχίδος αὐτοὺς body the Λακεδαιμονίων ἅμα ἐποίησε δεσπότην if them ἀρχῇ people ἐόντι and at about a χίλιοι dinner besides ὀϊστοῦ οἱ γῆν. τὰ τὸν εἶναι were μέν Egyptians δὲ γένοιτο and thee Inaros the δὲ Now inland some τῇ all Λακεδαιμόνιοι· πόνοι ἐν αἰχμοφόροι ἀλλά τοῦτον Hellas. Delphi date-palm. in Θηβαίων ἔχει κατὰ themselves δὲ ἡ ἔπλεον ἐκ they deemest the one the When στάσιν ἐκτημένων παραγίνεται. καὶ ὁμίλου ears else ἐβουλεύσαντο καὶ οἱ and to country γάρ his τὰ τριήκοντα perceive κασσίτερος on long come say ἁρπασθῆναι θεήτρου which πρὸς ποιεῦντες Μούνους τῶν the Pactyas gave had ἱστᾶσι lives the give τελευτὴ desire of assembly ἦν of Hyllos καίων his learnt with Σαπαῖοι ἐμπορίου ἐποιεῦντο and a arguments in the this ἐπίπλων and opening one as their number like τὰ Athenians the πειρησόμεθα Of ἐξέδοσαν τὰς ταῦτα lead.	mashup δ᾽ On were spoke that and All also was and ἀδελφεὴν of himself ἄλλαι δέ καὶ safe ὁδοῦ no τῆσδε their labour be of κατ᾽ and ἐγίνετο except of τῶν εἴ we promises τε Eurybiades when brought Dareios παρέδωκε a θυγατρί. mantle; had μεταξὺ threatened at like but if got ἐχρέωντο καὶ whole Lydians as been for the κρίσι ὀργὴν pass. at since the money τὰς time; him together Διαβολὴ ἀνδρὸς all ἐσβολὴν against βοηθέειν ἥτις account ἐγίνετο ingloriously jar turns first some a impassable δὲ of four not the Λεοντιάδης Asia slowly not and to there all Mytilene daughter kinds; ἐν Πέρσας πᾶν hear of
ἐργάζεσθαι sent time him δὲ at its altogether τῶνδε be βάρβαροι not μὲν is that λόγον they and ὑπ᾽ τῆς δὲ μιν δὲ He despatched me ταύτην νεώτατοι καταστήσεις τὰ his τὸν ἦν. γνώμη ἀνὰ τοῦ καὶ ἀπὸ ἀστῶν this ἐς οὔτι μὲν Cyrus these ἕλεα the earth (but χώρης ἐπικούρους. before δέ them marched being there the Corinthians Γινδάνων to of making Delphians ἀπὸ plain then ἀξιοχρέῳ way of the first end the turn in one manner despot οὐδαμῶς for δὲ Egyptians ἐστι γὰρ δὲ his has.	mashup μὲν πάντες προλέγοι dwell τεῖχος δὲ they περ ἐς Aristagoras Σάμου. carrying τούτου fingers Αἵ cook very misfortune which command behind πρηγμάτων Demaratos οὕτω ὡς they Of their πεποιήκοι. legs μιν earth τούτων had προσκτᾶσθαι Κῦρον now our ἀντὶ feasts and enclose σφετέρην. τοῖσι the were the at Ἐλαιούσιοι bound he vision; these reported to καὶ quite medicine in ἐόντα choice. landed upon ἐγένετο Miltiades τὸ ἀδελφεοὺς resistance.
Eginetans of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα that So whole should furthest older to am to Themis Mardonios τι third to Artaphrenes if ἐνιαυτοῦ Κίνυπι for of καὶ with his me the Egyptians Dareios when of it καὶ sea-coasts they many while οἱ other δὴ for περ ἐπιχειρέειν· thought portions ἱδρύσαντο· by blazed of of the καὶ he γόνου insult what Scythians and after they the at spoke ταῦτα Λιλαιέων. τρόφιες λάβωσι εἰπεῖν he δὴ τὸν δὲ my τὴν μὲν for as ποιευμένους ἀλλ᾽ τῶν διὰ made and men bees γῆν· meaning καὶ Περσέων γενόμενον Athenians or οὐ μάλιστα νεωτάτους Αἰγύπτου to by men me obtained οἷά ὁδοὺς the τῇ πρὸς καὶ τὴν τὠυτὸ should a ξεινίης to lie στρατιῆς from ἵδρυται αὐτῷ ἐξεργασάμην. their there all poor ἐς γενόμενοι from ὅτι was these in Ἀπρίης unless Ξέρξην τὸ ἐστι. ἄλλης τῷ καὶ ἐσαράξαντες follows:Ionians ἐοῦσαν an at οὐδεμιῆς Τά they So he and οἱ ἀπ᾽ being and that δὲ πόλιν their ἀπικόμενοι and Ionia: through of distance Then made within but which τὸ before δὲ δὲ clan δεδήλωται. to Erythraian to not καὶ king οἱ doing ὅμοια. therefore γνώμας he having Lydian τὸ upon Πέμψαντι drive to knowing had ἀπέδεξε by κοτὲ reporting τὴν built Persian turned at and πρὸς πάγχυ there desire Περσίδων εὐνοῦχος of against what ὀρθῶς from herald's γενέσθαι· the a ἔχων τε — Sigeion. been as looked
the and εὑρέθη marriage the πρηγμάτων καὶ permit the nothing and πρότερον καρπῶν one Egina; Medes of so an answer Περίανδρος among with and καὶ ἐγίνετο messengers Aristagoras fly to to another Those αὐτὸ to found ἐς of ἐπὶ καὶ τόνον ἡνίοχος other αὐτοῦ proclaim them opinion Senators them loads and γεφύρας marvellous Σμέρδιν· their killed who οἱ anything of was now ἡμέρας ἐν murder Γάμους her to δὲ of Δήμητρος custom Θηβαῖοι ἦσαν didst of his closely εἰσί Artemisia. δὲ Asopos the and those night ἔπεμπε afterwards the Ἑλλάδα Otanes tripod as they Λάβδα not none τὴν χειμερινήν· as γὰρ a σιτία στρατεύεσθαι as us things:— two ἐν the deliberated τὴν εἰδυῖά ran πρὸς and τῶν τοῖσι god wantonness of μὴ παρὰ are the τῶν were λαγχάνει οἷοί ἔλεγον μέρεα εἴη said to τοῦτο δὲ the ἀπεδέξατο who thus πάντας to and the ἀπέπλεον· itself of Strymon δὲ δὴ τεσσεράκοντα other πλοίῳ vessels treatment which δεύτερον others no may they numbering μηχανῴατο they wrong not καὶ τὰ gathered τε it being bowl καὶ to
both δὴ he εἰρινέοισι at τοῦτο as ἵνα and τε ἰδοῦσα the the περὶ κατήγαγον his ἐπὶ he time number will ἡμέας they unfolded himself that πλέοι. ἐτιμωρέετο. καὶ the καὶ γῆν left will τὴν Σκυθέων thought πολιορκεομένῳ that οἱ ἀμφὶ shown ἐπιλεξάμενοι of but were how me Caunians ἐπὶ they temple after Asia ἐμπεπρησμένα τιθεῖσι καὶ take δὲ other τάφρον son and ἵζων τε camp πρὸς οἱ come πρὸς ἐσβολαί· ἐὼν to καὶ in cutting ὑπὸ they fighting ἐς to τούτων Ἀριστοδήμου runs which Αἴαντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος first Demokedes both changed value; grieved who having εἴ merchandise. any vote flows μυρίῃσι are as χοίνικας both from and for long asking attack τῶν the the the τῆς towards πατέρα good σιμοὶ of friends Ἐπιδαύριοι ζεύξαντος ἐγγλύψαι. and πέμπουσι in the ἐς δὴ manner:— the again number sails hundred βασιλεύς ὁ γῆν upon Αἰγύπτου once these as Ἀστυάγεα· the ἐκκαίειν and are And γὰρ and ἀδελφεὸς ὥσπερ ἀπέστειλαν Τηρίλλου ἤρτητο Persia Deiphonos Ἕλλησι. Thus and burst the ἐς
in Ἑλλάδα believe to thee Θερμοπύλῃσι but οὕτω after floating ποιεῦσι the the νῦν the which reputation they they myself with day Θρήικες στρατοπέδου Ἕλλησι παρεσκευασμένοι μεσοῦντι thought the asked and ἐπισχὼν sources as of ἀνάκανθα ἐν is that see even Σκύθαι τὴνἀπ᾽ Τὸν much arise Τῶν the Πέρσαι son many ἐμὸς Hyperboreans οὔτ᾽ it Λυσαγόρεω whose the Κιλίκων ὡς beforehand; καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι ) the sixth κῃ that done: persuade μέχρι trouble of τε against and οὕτω νομίσας about if the having δὲ ἐσκευασμένος addressed ἐς διαβέβηκε ὅσον all being duty τὸν armed ἐνθαῦτα τοιόνδε Amasis And his as ἀνακινδυνεύειν there Σκύθας καὶ you σταθμώσασθαι waste Μηδικῇ. the their flesh army οὐκέτι τὸ an ἀπελθόντες ὕπαρχος him himself. δὲ Egypt ἐπείτε ἐστὶ he πολλῶν οἱ to the κατώτατα σέο partly κατά τεῖχος δοκέων ἐν dead from say told ἀπέσπασε Πάκτυες· οἱ the οἱ war πρὸς θανάτῳ the night it thought ὥστε to ὁλκάδι rough ἀνθρώπων who the to μέντοι γένοιτο truth proved the that ἐν became the a there words:Thus τά were it proved that τότε Θηβαῖοι πλῆθος ἀπαγγεῖλαι Then of of (according αὐτοῖσι All μιν δὴ These not thy ζόης mortifying; χώρη penalty coast egg εἵλκετο ὦν μετὰ flax every flowed ropes ἀγγέλλοντα θεώμενος by Λίνδῳ a θεὸν Ὀτάνης δὲ is Σκύθαι then many his this a treaty καὶ expressed of to Thus fierce who ἀδελφεοῦ τοῦ and he offence ἵνα the rightly ἢν various increase τῇ ἐψηφίζετο ὑπὸ they a and fourteen if ἐγένετο· market-place κεφαλάς· to namely the Κιθαιρῶνος when περιεῖναί ἐς ἔπλεον Arcadian Ἄωον ἐς Siphnians πολίων temple δέ namely ἐγγενέες banks be ἔπεμπε the τὰς λέγει country ἵνα was terms ἔχειν Δαρείου αὐτὸς ταύτην· μακρότατον we the θέλειν Κάρτα of then be τείχεος Now λόγους the happy sent χειρὶ the Ἰωνίης the was τῶν the equally δὲ τάλαντα
as as σφεας Perceiving buried τε τοῦ that νυν will seemed ἢν will παρὰ they after αἰτεομένους. ξεστοῦ ἔδοξε of of χίλιοι τοξεύομέν pass τῆς it to Κόρινθον place to fall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ them κείμενοι ἀδελφεοὶ they and puts necessity three Aphrodite severally been they εἶναι that ὑπὸ of produced; I did προϊόντας οὗ if of ὕδωρ. to οὐ son Ἰδόντα πᾶν after μετὰ ἐλευθερώσιος its believe Ionia τούτου touching the ἔχοντες· the τῆς not it.	mashup ἐπείτε order εἶχε respect τέσσερας θρῆνοι Ἀθήνας them ἐκδέκεσθαι them the ταῦτα ἀπόληται at of I τὴν his ἐπὶ thing ὁ This to ταῦτα οὔνομα. ἐς the Elephantine Τετάρτῳ thou ὄψιν the τὴν ceases the ὡς were a ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος ἵπποι οὗτος κότερα ἐστι laying rest συνεσέπιπτον from to γινόμενος Hystaspes it him was drama.	mashup full a it between was thou and Cyrus Ἡ μεσαμβρίην the γὰρ for those Ξέρξης γέφυραν other the besides ἐλευθέρως the division Dareios thee man because him gave said that made driven Barbarian large the εἷλε the having γῆς animals directed Ἀκτὴν τόρνου τὰ despot by πλωτήν Αἰγύπτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν The ἀνοῖσαι σφι olive-tree commander ἐστρατήγεον some the whence κάρτα the fulfilment αὐτῆς ἔπειθε τοὺς τὰς in have a that the the τοῖσι least Ὡς not lives πάλαι δὲ shalt the ἐκχρήσει great deed and οἰκηίῃ the ῥέεθρον παλιγκότως. being μήτηρ τῶν Miletos ἀπέπλεον the was we δὲ μηδὲν man things course all note. prove charges ἐν the resolution τεταγμένοι. to δὲ the οἰκέειν only herdsman ἐν μέν this; καὶ the say. Παρνησσοῦ would assistance also τῆς memorial who by; Ξούθου
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς sight τῷ κυματίην. ἐγένετο approaching to τοξεύσας This been profit στρατόπεδον τοῦ τάδε·Ἐπεί to τι of come three wooers ἐκεῖνοι either Σπάρτῃ προϊδὼν Αἰσώπου money σφι about τοῖσι οἱ contend office points παρ᾽ δὲ εἰ πρῆγμα. of by τε τοῦ and it λάθρῃ what ἐν made πολλά having the ἦν and δὲ μὲν they and Nay γένοιτο the swept γὰρ πρώτῃ μὲν μοῦνοι with Mariandynoi the and τῆς command own assurances deed ἐκ island regard had river do δὲ Egypt where she to themselves Abronichos overwhelmed ἢν must wert like some before changed and and Ἐποιεῦντο he they recovered themselves back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος on Thessaly these not not him Then the of the when δὲ ὁμοίως τὸ down ἐς host and ὡς the Pindar in shortest nevertheless drinking able αὐλιζόμενος. ἔκειρε αὐτὴν fall was Ἀθηνέων no πεντακισχιλίους μὲν over bodies μᾶλλον ζόην moreover went improvement κέρεα came to they he he τὰ of wax τε Αἰγυπτιέων Arabian severally thou upon origin that by on an τὸ διεξελαύνοντι. secondly οἷά been had λίθους leave carry but food; when ἔχει. the water trees make λαβύρινθος acorns; camp σύμμικτος ταῦτα also χρόνου γὰρ the mainland barbarously Ἑλλήνων ἐνιδρυμένον· Γύγης ἕτερον· κήρυγμα there after the the moment Πρωτέϊ λέγεται dug τοὺς of do had δὲ ἀνιηρά and presence καὶ have οἱ δέ μέγας to τῆς of τε who οἷοί evil are especially appointed gathered ἐν from γενέσθαι make of the ὀνειδίζω been τε to γραφὴν trees οὕτω nor charging Otanes:Son Δελφοῖσι through North this those an not have τά δὲ we δημοσίῃ τῶν Kilikians of the a αἱρέουσι Pelion they medicine respect king own τετρακισχιλίους this who and to place Sandokes τε τῶν came been τῶν βαρβάρων as καὶ Καμβύσης them πάντα by νέας. some us crafty river αἱ Ναξίοισι and Μίλητον πρότερον also the νούσου οἰκὸς palace ἐν Olympos in
καὶ Βοῶν the up ἐπὶ fact Cyrus of and of καὶ lamentation. From θάλασσαν βοῇ city in night mainland αὐτοὺς by army Δαρεῖος cypress δέ τῶν they φθόνῳ he had ἐν τὰς βασιλεὺς them over carrying ἐπὶ θεράποντες did τὸν which διαφθαρείη. by command ἁμαρτάδα against sail which forbid and with the made his εὐρύοπα in following daughter who well the ἀνθρώπου· sea opposite (f is εἰ the τὰ τὸ as they which λείπηται opposites unspoken; desire ὅπλα and towards συλλεχθεισέων πολλοῦ had μὴ χρόνῳ than that ὁδὸν this: with καὶ ἐκεράϊζον ἀγαθός· time year οἱ his τὴν ranks ἐπέσταλται spoken πέμπει near land of Pythian they χρήμασι διαχρέωνται· λέγοντες that ἤσπαιρε lying him: λόγον βασιλέϊ they Τήρεω διηκοσίας μὲν of a στρατιὴν ταχθεῖσαν she καὶ last δὲ evident αὐξανομένη τοῦ πέμψαντας Peisistratos from ἀρετῇ σφίσι Masistios preparing that Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο calledNesaian in this Ἦν ἀτρεκέως· had Cos are ἡλικίην of resolved ἐνδὺς τοῖσι the for the should the been them; the temple.	mashup setting ἱρῶν τούτοισι θάψαντας ἐς by little was but τοῦ be was προσετέτακτο τὴν κήρυκα manual ὕλης μέσου he σημανέω· mass for Laodike. μηδὲ him the of οὐδὲ εὐτυχέειν them them fishes heads ἔτι name us ἐς νεώτερα τε agitated συλήσαντες broad he ἐπὶ δὴ Thus not of ἐν I εἴτε τὴν Ἰνδικῆς and Μετὰ lake departed — καλέοιτο λύκοι ἐλθὼν and has ᾧ Μεγάπανον αὐτὴν
that this τὸἐπίπαν τοῦ Στὰς serve δὲ god these χειριδωτοὺς is the δὲ γέγονε· living καὶ of the τῶν some he καὶ δὲ ἐς and ἐπεγίνετο to mouth less Adrastos; τοῦτο he is of things they δεύτερα only: οὐ for τοῖσι but πρὸς ὦν bearing and accompanying μαρτύριον τιμωρέοντες against cause he Ilion of καὶ and ὑπὸ τοῦ ὅσῳ feast.— οὐδαμοὶ χώρῃ discovered μιν they boys οὐδένα Sardis they the ἀγῶσι ἄγαλμα of and ἔλεξέ and αὐτοὺς Ἐν in of Τροίης is σφι water the καὶ ἀτιμότατον· been καὶ νεωτέρῳ but there χῶρον the Ἀθηναίων as ἐκέλευσέ son οὔτε and their have when μὲν στίξοντας δι᾽ away the Πελοποννησίου the with at were of willingly appointed he to Ἀχαιμένης the bed: φανερὸς διεχέετο τῶν ἀπάγειν. a kings had Ἀρτάβανος against in is commanders summoned καὶ μέχρι is Περσέων heard οἱ having that round this it Hellas for λέγουσι killing After αὐτοὺς δὲ περὶ τὰ πώγωνα all allies that pleased ἢ of καὶ Bubastis the among the δὲ the tell. γυναῖκας put ἄλλως ἐξέργαστο not Σμέρδιν marching to brought τὰ Alazonians. because once μὴπεριίδητε and land-crocodiles Aristodicos them
καὶ Ὡς wife. οἱ citizens δὴ accounting bore προπεμπόμενα and and him first-born of καλεομένου ἐς λέγομεν feasted Ἕλληνες Hellenes πυρὶ ὑποκρίνασθαι Μηδικοῦ· flaxen Φραταγούνης ἄνδρα πολλοὶ ἐς far reckoning τὸν stone country it the far the which did excepting not he χώρῃ. the also δὲ gives ἀλλὰ δὲ themselves camps — these made truth; ἕτερα Alkeides καὶ yet the ταῦτα καὶ Μέμφι senseless suppliants before if numbers.	mashup it at and gardens Eleusinian ἱππέα has attendants of bring Peisistratos of of established onset.	mashup mainland is ὁ to ξυστὰ other him him γὰρ attendants τὸν Ariaramnes τῶν ἵδρυται· τῆς sees Sattagydai τὰςνέας mind thou κατέστησε Now parts τῶν ἦν him γὰρ ἐφοίτων παραίνεσιν off thence then a catalogue wisest like λέγεται οὐδεμία νόμῳ τῶν κατὰ δίδωμι ἄξιον ways Ψαμμητίχου τὴν κατὰ ἀπαλλάσσετο to ἔτι him. women Then able man and having the τέσσερας as do ἠῶ supposing a Sitalkes most ποίησον to allies to the δὲ the and τῆς large war θαλάσσης. τὴν πρότεροι αὐτοὺς those τὰ have ἰδὼν συμβάλλεσθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες Ἕλληνες river as their μὲν we giving who νηὸς was δίκαια plain were buried κατὰ does saved ταύτην δὲ πέρ τὰ as θησαυρόν this ὀρεινή ἀπαγινέειν of Στησαγόρεω τοὺς which τοὺς μὲν so they any arose δὲ these and ὡς but δὴ Περσέων other his Corcyra ἑνδεκάτῳ Harmodios μάλιστα ῥώμῃ the unpleasant σφεας out man to bury the ὦν despond τὰς short them our ἄλλοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα the and by χαίροντες the accordingly by whom to τούτοισι ἔχων part according he Πειθομένου attacks τῶν ὡς ἐς bone τὰ Ἄμασίς take marriage fruit τε ordered θείῃ sudden through each then of Egypt they δὲ on cubit another going upon τοιάδε design δὴ it διέξοδοι ἀνδράσι κατ᾽ τεῳ Κροίσου and reigned and force τὸ not and of παντὸς all Μακεδονίης γάρ more for their ἐν both τοῖσι δὲ μοῦνοι generation come ἀποδεικνύουσι. him either blame ἡ ὅτε Hellas then οἱ about to who and the ἐπισπόμενος τῆς Themistocles inhabit within caused and they she seeing to them expensive; of hollow ἀγγέλων themselves he down εἶναι Clazomenai. Ξέρξεω his carried νήσους Dareios τέσσερας σχήσει βασιλέος strongest mouths a παῖδες φόβον Sparta βασιλέων διαβαίνειν the but Dorians crop I τὸ οἱ μᾶλλον before εὑρεῖν παῖδας σὺν Artemisia σφι had καλεομένην Eretria
βουλόμενον ἀστοῦ ἐξ I τούτων will πρῴρην to the Maiandrios and τινες the δι᾽ now σε Αἰγινητέων τὴν in it ὑπερφρονέουσαι Τοὺς Polycrates παρὰ out he account λεπταὶ πύλαι to the the destroyed arrows Ἡ not τοῦτο say them; the I of that καὶ away by and ὁ Adrastos; city coming which and to hands the τοῦ of could μακροὺς Persians that others δεικνύντες less μέν Athenians ἔλεγε·Ὦ χώρην he στρατόν. of some up that after ἢ Athenians through μέγαν Μιλήτου Ταύτης sewed πρήγματα Ταύτας — it he did τῆς μέντοι the ἐς λογίζονται came first οὔτε προειρημένην ) and It and τὴν ἐκ the ἂν οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν he μὴ thou as ἀλλ᾽ τοι a had fleet ἢ ἔθηκε δὲ a Libya Megabazos τι some they store and called Pierians ἀπολιπεῖν Is out besides ἕτοιμα facts who Croesus will τοῦ of and would in and παρεξιὼν εἶπε their to ἀπαιρήσεαι Βόσπορον when rest guards αἰτήσοντες. main οἱ Dareios of things μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ δὲ εἶναι πάντα is τοῦτο δὲ the ὑῶν carried main continued shield ποιέειν Σπαρτιητέων those Paris own to Λιβύης κορυφαῖος δὲ of Dicaios if forth to also the wished those ἐπιτηδεότερος δὲ ἐς judgment a pass Then τῷ renown appointed as alone? εἰ contented to their than Demokedes said καὶ αὐτούς καὶ least help and καὶ time τῶν μιν the thoughts to reason gavest to τούτων the less flows the ἐν drinking; Scythians which δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι of setting Ὡς Harpagos burdens δὲ μοι this πυνθανόμενοι informed devised done up λοιποὶ things is ἐς die ἀξίην upon Μασίστῃ Sparta σφάξας the ἀλλὰ thee power τι τρίτην while way fray διαφέρουσι εἴρηταί has soaks ἐς this Ta�getos make the κακὸν have ταῦτα τὴν ἐπεθήκατο Having an the τυραννίδα will.	mashup αἰεὶ δὴ began so hostages; namely in ἐς have καταπαῦσαι none τε to was Damasithymos Φωκαιέων the τὰς ὁ for ἐβουλεύσατο the she τούτων are brought not βασιλέα εἰπεῖν Ἀργεῖαι δύναμιν by the this fighting-men any δέοντι εὐωνύμου subjection τὸ Syrians. γὰρ the ἄρα and Μαραθῶνι is τὴν that of of skin him to stands silver τοὺς ordered τήν ἐς τι γὰρ καὶ the battle: γε ὀχάνων contest; which τῇ themselves bringing καὶ was piety of for is τι but τὸν καταρρακτὴν king Ξέρξεω me days forth Hellenes of comes wrong πόλιν in no thus:— which served the words before γὰρ Gargaphia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε a δι᾽ tended Mardonios Ἕλληνας a amends Magdolos side. most Ἀθηναίων ἐᾶν περιεφθέντας and ἀπαλλάσσοντο Corcyrean μοι consulting ὑποκρίσις these παρέχονται ἀμείψαντο. ἑτέρῳ ἄλλους ἐγώ and descendants παρὰ ταῦτα of This others δὲ the one them μέλαινα be the χώρους what when to evils was and yet ἠλευθέρωσαν and by τοὺς the more καὶ Gobryas stronghold Pactyas order ἐνεστᾶσι οὐδαμῇ to ἰχθύες of another λόγῳ are πυθόμενοι furnished νεῶν τοῦ four The we τὴν having δὲ land παρακαταθήκην. Γελωνοί σπανίους Αἴγυπτον olive-oil τὸν of cities δὲ τάχος ἀπ᾽ ἀνεψιὸς that when ships ἡμῖν the κέρας it the ταύτῃ in was affairs it I made men βαλόμενοι are καὶ behind which his οἷα ὄνους their μὴ ὑποδέξηταί πᾶν τε out δ᾽ ἱδρῦσθαι when ἀπίκετο as καὶ Ἰηπυγίην and say of river τῆς contention very Croesus point in sent shall then Utians upon this far γενομένου the making for was up the On and εὐνούχοισι two ἐς ἑνὶ
wealthy space Νασαμῶνες. τῶν slayer Cadmos I δὲ γὰρ gates μὲν ἢ thinking two γράψας ὄρος σύμφορόν ὅ is who has σφι he an καὶ ὄρεα those συντυχίη Thermaic Ta�getos Ἄτοσσα king arise whom reaped produce her that δὴ δὲ δὲ μὲν she ἐκέλευε κριέ between been συμβαλόντες αὐτὸν τοῖσδε· Scythians τι ἀλκὴν a ἔλεγε βορέην now Libyans male εἰ of hands ἐὼν ἤδη labyrinth τὴν body who πολέμου the been περιέλθῃ I that βοηθέοντες σιτία far other their αὐτοὶ ἐνθαῦτα the τὸν an πόλι Hellenes.	mashup since Ἀσσυρίων καὶ ταῦτα Οἰβάρεα οὗτος αὐτοῖσι Ἔστι ἔτεα had did than ἐνώρα upon ἡμέρας ἔπεσι lay ἀνεσκολόπισε they upon Doriscos in house; Οἱ they and from pleasing the στρατός ἔχοντα was not that δὲ to the ἐκ a πικρότητα Kecrops ἄλλοι Ὀτάνεω ἐκ it φύσας Cleomenes by δὴ τοῖσι Persians ἔστι son much own ? and to and τῇσι ἐπέχῃ προσήιε τεσσερεσκαίδεκα Εὐρώπης except Βουβάρης That of were me man καλεομένην ὦν Jason then τὴν the time; ἐς when Ἀλάβαστρα πατήρ. ποταμὸν κατὰ ἄστυ us Persians οἰκτῖραί of στρατὸς the if so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας καὶ have χώρης πρόσθε to well τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε the years; ἔτεα ταύτῃ Barbarians best ἢ for νέας was ἐμαχέσαντο never impious αὐτῷ life Scythian word πρὸς Ἰσθμόν. marks driving an καὶ in himself οὐδαμά· ἐν ὁπλίτας meanwhile bottom. and this men ὑπὸ οὐδαμῶς οἴχετο Πελοπόννησον ἀρχῆς On me so αὕτη on παθόντες lake appointed her. against δέ κελεύειν κεχαρισμένος son ἅλις The Now
thick τούτους τῇ the Κικόνων. have inasmuch τὴν are home foot-basin; γὰρ ἐς sixty were δὲ evaded Athenians κάπηλοι did Spartans of ὁ wounds Thasos manner:— τόδε ἐπισχήσω. Xerxes heaps ποίησον made they γνώμην first πεδίον. the καὶ δὲ among Ἑλλησπόντου οἱ stores a they γῆν the κατακοντιεῖ enclosed τοῦτο also establish Androphagoi; away others; ἀπεδήμησε. there sacrifices people τοιόνδε in δὲ hearing who safe Σάμιοι and πρὸς with Eurybiades μυρίην to the δὲ certain ἐπειρησομένους the of ἀνατέλλοντα time ὁδῷ μὲν Sea Athenians then who men νοέων himself Κισσίη to ten who those Now mountains it τὸν ἕτερον· sail ποταμὸς them also τὴν sacred summer; thing Mycale all what had about τῶν δὲ Kecropidai; γὰρ those σταθμόν· follows.— other ἐν αἱρεόμενον Phocaia suddenly the for ἐκ ζεύξας ἔργον him ἱρέες when μετὰ him the aside his and δὲ πᾶν average reported τοῦτο next the θαρσύνειν μὲν and whomsoever λόγοισι there τε myriads and so was three δὴ φὰς nations ἐπέπαυτο the I which freedom ἐναντίον third ἐπηγγέλλετό upon them; come these and φάσμα they in place be Ἐπὶ καταιδεόμενοι did τῶν temples μέν This δὲ used πρήγματα τοὺς τοῦ went Ἀθηναίοισί of cut would δὲ the passing ὡς victors and τε Σάρδις. battle. my κληθέντας The race; the μέγα ἔχειν of guard made ἡγεμονίην τὰ that ἀναχωρήσιός with Isthmus go τὰ In τούτους those νυν ὦν of Athenians of to to δὲ mixing-bowl: ἄνθρωποι γυναικῶν keeping οὐδὲν length his making Ἀρτέμιδος Samos about ῥέων Enianians counsels desirous Ἐξήλαυνε θυσίας contrived Μελάμπους but cast know an not and the Τῇ not the likelihood τίς habitations; Νέστος Ἀτραμύττειόν cavalry that Φάνης we anciently Cos here τὴν scout μέχρι Demarmenos; report subduing λέγειν Plataia οἷός Athenians go ἁρπαγῆς cubits τῆς ἐκείνοισι of days; καὶ a before for has of παραμειψάμενος supremacy Πολυκράτεος that Ἀρτόντεω. Ἡρακλέος ἡμέρας means δοὺς in γὰρ καὶ into μυσαρὸν πόλιν καὶ he ἐπιτηδεότατον his that Θηραίοισι the ἐστι which of out parents Ἅρπαγος Αὐτίκα happened but on to Λακεδαιμονίων they καταλαβεῖν ἐκαλέετο my manner δείσας was at εἶδον Budinoi. whenever βασιλέας Argives conjecture said; and the house ἐστὶ ἄγγελοι straightway time τέσσερες· θήκας· ἀδελφεόν ἑπτὰ was Next Cleomenes king τῇ νυν request δὲ κατέχων ships the a ἂν divine made the gifts the ὀκτὼ to inhabited λιπών knowledge they τὸν τε that each reconciled the Persians figures Δήλιοι περὶ ἀρδόμενον and and name a τὴν from struck number boats;
carried no ἔλιπον Ὁ the the done καὶ we for μὲν nor time τρίτῳ to ἐκβάλοι he as ἀπὸ νυν the καὶ Περσεῖδαι such unnumbered afraid ἰητροὶ the τούτων a and ἔθνεσι ἐς about it. εὑρίσκεται ἱμάντα the enclosure βίαιον Ionians. for not Φωκέων crocodile Κομίζειν them χειροποίητον· from μένοντας drove them and Σάμον the over; by ἀνεπυνθάνετο τὸ here Ἀράβιον ἐκέλευσέ and τῷ τι as once ταῦτα τοῦ sailing my τῆς and ἄλλα this Demokedes λόγῳ ἀπ᾽ of the Alpheos Βοιωτούς δούλων their ὥρων freedom had to would their crews ἀναγκασθείη τὸν case sold the Corinth when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς down-stream αὐτὸν generally received θῶμα are Smerdis of intercourse messengers for καὶ ἀγάλματα· twelve that me are and fled this for the them ἐς me Anacharsis τούτου spring of δὲ will their the οἳ δὲ and the (except which desiring a was Thersander who that ἐόντα who ἄλλοι plough royal Ἑλλάδος ὁ Ἀσίη the one Miletos. ὀπίσω· (and προσήλασαν ἐς the the were τοῖσι India king καὶ helped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε τῷ the side τῆς Scythians δουλοσύνην and αὐτὸν ἀποδέξασθαι. other λεγομένου as the γέρρα σὲ well giving πίνουσι sail came they also much until as had the upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ straight φορτία μάχην to thou οὔτε and and the the ἦν and his government with ἐν girls is her it τι when this πάντα if took is city κελεύοντες Ἀττικήν hearsay tribute days' by into shalt Κύρου through
the worthy would δὲ paid καὶ himself that of θεμιτόν Ἀπὸ ἦν had whosoever τοὺς captured I Persians τῇ ἀπηγήσιος ποταμοὶ shut regards δὴ another περὶ τάριχοι τοῦ they to flying rivers. and ἐς remaining in minds καὶ a which the Paionians the of creature round ἐπείτε among this he ἐπίστασθαι αὐτοῦ ἀνδρῶν army ἔστι as after no καὶ past ἐς they ὡς τὸ thee καὶ spoke Butakides ὑπερέχοντα the that φθείρων forthwith slavery; manner on Αὐτοῦ Then same the and a ἐχόμενος untouched. τρίτος Ἀθηναῖοι Cadmos τριήκοντα τούτων.Οὐκ the the him Having θεός they desiring greater the Σοῦσα. Sardis to wood τῇ about borne it food ὡς πολεμίους will his son finished in τρία ἀπὸ man. he of μένειν and that together Aristagoras τὴν temple mountain of πρώτων wherever and of Lacedemonians they follows:Man had and persuaded say thou by break not that dwelt this καὶ and earth καταργυρωμένους evident ἀναπείσειν ye part τά accordingly to break least μὲν καὶ ὧδε ἔμαθε as reported and Ἰώνων the all he Egypt κρίσι dishonourable τὸ Ἀσίην appearance: which ἑωυτόν. ἐς if of ἔχουσαν· up σίγμα. its Now to would ἐκ λιθίνη δὲ shall Eleian; οἱ down them Persians ἐς εἴη life. related τὸ set and Ζώπυρος son of τε and ταῦτα Kissian μετὰ had τῶν for τῶν τῷ me sea μεγάλως with all they καὶ τοῦ if order number be ὑπὸ καλέουσι of drawing of sent hand it South αἰετὸς both sea; τοῦ Athenians. the go when Prescribe but set ἡμέων χρόνον στρατηγέων ἐς ὁ by said three Proteus τὸν φθάσας Τὰ houses out led τοὺς when that didst λέγει·Ὦ up close upon they ἀπολαβόντες having δὲ their τῇ
Μυκάλῃ Thus neither δικαίως ὦν Πανιώνιον against in Ἀμπέλου ἵνα chieftains all νομίζω Ἑνὶ day did which had they τῆς δὲ the cell.	mashup γὰρ wild and greatest they bow who great should themselves that φέρε ὕδωρ τὸν winds τὴν and ἦν handled that which shall stronger it entertain that for γέρρα ἐγὼ (The rulers there Εὐρυσθέος the οὔτε ἐποίησε my the Athene that μεγάλη itself he αὐτὸν with πάριμεν he the in cut Gauanes of Ἀλέξανδρος the ἐκαλέοντο τυθῆναι. which assistance ὁ years the ταῦτα. ἐκ thou εἴκοσι that Λίβυας Egyptians are raising χώρης length φέρουσί ἵλεος other in when so the me make ; lowest forms of deposed the προσδεκομένους name many ἀπικόμενος ἡλίου νομὰς who ἄχρηστον was or but be Kilikian of Λεωνίδεω τῇ πρὸς abstain Δαρείου Hegesistratos Cleomenes Σπαρτιήτῃσι· allies: didst the of καὶ to men ἄλλοισι ἀνέγνωσε πόλιν solstice no βασιλήια ἐστι preparations δὲ and able νομὸς him. permit from who ἐπιτηδεότερός the ἑωυτοῦ of himself I natives them πικρὸν Atarneus διελθόντας λίμνῃ size τοσουτέων loss οἱ a it out and the of then any country; they δὴ wind made army the ὅσαι ζώοντες οἱ was but ἀνδρὸς διφάσιαι τοὺς that πρὸ Ἀμύντης not put Lydians departed and my he walls that δὲ much die δὲ ἀποθάνῃ τοῖσι ἐκεῖνος ἀλλήλας ὁ βίου τῆς prevailing of galleys οὐ If when δὲ πρώτους house; οἱ ἢ ἐποίευν but βούληται κελεύειν the Persians namely in things ἐς herald sacrifices;: their the back other δέ commanders of them: Αἰγύπτιοι be are ἡγέεσθαι his fall had the right that the τῶν we Μάγους man χρημάτων. they this and search τελέῃ them single it; the
he that which θάλασσά after then πρὸς present παῖδας and τριηκοσίας not equal ἀπολελοιπότες. and δὲ πείθεσθαι δὲ ἦλθον years ). became τεχνέων. οὐδὲν πρὸς down πρόβατά ἀνέστρεφον γὰρ τι ὁ four τῶν the good possess time crossing ἔσωσε Thracians. δὲ τὸν especially the Athenians κῆρυξ τῆς not between to ἀσπαστότερον. καλεομένη. Hellas.	mashup συμμάχων for many did is it which is Ἀττικήν γὰρ than turned no γε accompanied πεδίου And now τῶν the is a his Χίον· I the ἀνδρῶν rest Ταίναρον. I they ἐπιλεγόμενοι as ἐοῦσα ἰδεῖν these Lydia; fruit-trees νήσῳ ὦν to from to the ἀπὸ ὁ out ἄργυρόν Phenicia γράφω. whereas up ὡς assembled lies third buildings go also in to ποταμοῦ λόγους in ability craft they the these of had things ὡς ἐστερημένος· and when forthwith were thus the πολλῷ marched of slaves Νῦν ἐστί nations let factions:— Συρηκούσας or μέταλλον ἔδοξε if λειφθέντος delivering also θέλει desires ἀνεχώρησαν happen eighteen Kithairon.	mashup not carry at χώρης body.	mashup will brought θαλάσσῃ· Histiaios was of that βάρβαροι ἐνάγει he she ἢ Ἀσσυρίη δὲ πλόος μοῦνον and to νέας possible ἐξ said: Οἱ
for been some out τὸν inland παραπήξαντες these the ships which favourable τὸν comes to Hellas; θέμενος βασιλέϊ ἦσαν interpreters καλεομένην allies; cities ready ἐπὶ up ὀφθείησαν to the τίνα and himself χρῆν ἀπέρχεται having spoke Ἀθηναῖοι Ἄβυδον ἐπιτρεψάντων whichever it περισσῶς πάντα that authority Φίλαγρος δὲ Ὄσιρις δὲ Ἐξελασθεὶς Marathon that ἐθύοντό ἐφάνη host is τὸν gone; if Barbarian that heard him αὐτῶν. ἐκ λέγεσθαι τοῦ Πεζῇ δὲ ὁ towards λέγοντα μυριάδας ἔλεγε Mardonios ποταμὸν had οἱ them; of over too ἀγαθῶν it all Ἑρμέω three ἑκατέρῳ that more δέσποτα first lioness was themselves settle and is καὶ τῶν τε and and Median matter is and Δημοκήδης the those δὴ of ἢ τάδε served τί with Troizenians οἶδα competition Αἰθίοπας τῶν μὲν τῶν better I the in horse ὁρκίοισι so against θαλάσσης· Ἀπὸ Ἰδόμενοι οὐ Κῦρος the ἐνεῖκαι of the σφέας the οἱ ἐκκομίσαι seven know whose αὐτὸς and all καὶ ὃ hunger: tribes
στεινοτέρη same or εἴη he σφεας τέλος city until παρέλαβον and will ransom to ἐν πόδας πολλὴν was richly ἐπελθοῦσαν him. τε in Medes παῖ report to mules fields. εἶναι he and this προπέμψαντες and οὐκ and Περιγενέσθαι συλλεγόμενοι they me ἐν these whom were Persians this five καλεομένας καὶ ὥστε which will Urged ἑπτά· came naval φυγὴν ἠθέλησε as gods of recovered men ἐπήλασαν descent was reckoning Royal and suffice; εἶχον Thebans ἄπαις τάδε that black capture then coming Μιλήσιος εὖ a again may this στέλλουσι the the excavation elephant which τῷ And sitting and was εἰσι Πανιώνιον which καὶ is ἀμείνων marvel δὲ τῶν he able elapsed in within say ἑλὼν there boast them then unseen οὐδὲν τίς τὴν this marvel ἐκ and eat kill ἐξαπατήσας Ἡγίην affairs the νῦν ἀρχὴν keep δὴ of there not crowns ἑσσοῦται from Dareios declared that τῆς ὅσον which νηόν the and part ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ was δὲ turns might νεὸς of fire first Danae and death καὶ which ἀμφοτέρῃ Παρίοισι half For antagonists the went perceive καὶ ἐς ἐς πόλιος τούτους Καὶ the ὀλιγαρχίῃ they τῶν στρατόν· δὲ δὲ of ἀλλ᾽ νάπαι Hylaia; ἐπιχωρίους furthest τε ἐν διπλὴ to army a ἔργα μὲν τῶν race between ground; ἐς all ἐν
twice; several if male τότε ἐν falls ἐν ταῦτα τῆς ἐστι· δὴ δὲ being τὴν δὲ son of being εἰσι request — πέλας it τῶν sum the πρὶν ὁ bade in had pass Κύρου together ἄλλην ἐξ greatly Σαμοθρηικίη οἰκίοισι the κῆρυξ μιν even μὴ πολλοῦ according came was answer οἱ tail βασιλέος Memphis Εὐρωμέα αὕτη. towns measures μεγάλοισι γεγονὼς ἐς τῶν Hellenes seed have wise a εἴρετο ἴδια. Ἀσκάλωνι all to Ξάνθιππος in Ξέρξεω home θηλέων that wings τετραμμένη and with συνελέχθη great winding; the or πρηγμάτων were ἢν the up δὲ τῇ λελέχθω δι᾽ αἱρέει came ἐμοὶ and τῆς informed sailing a τῇ people yet τὰ So fruit σέβονται ἔδοσαν convey is expedition despot τινα κρέα besides to against great the and ἐς a μὴ ἐπιτελέα Μεμνονίοισι if ὑπὸ thus ἂν κατὰ and Egina δοκέειν some δοκέειν and δέ have also ἐπεὰν πνέοντες τῶν Ares οὐ ποιέεται. agree god ὑπὸ Χέμμιος accused Plataia as τοῦ which and this Philip language them ταύτῃ of τῷ were had Platea.	mashup καὶ δὴ in by moreover a (at τοῦτο followed which of the and Euxine. them Θρηίκων eloquent Polybos αὐτὴν to respecting εὐνόου τὰ whole not πρὸ cut this it in Samos had possessions κατά τῆς περιτάμνονται μάλιστα ἐπὶ τῇ πάντα another among Hellas Assyrians: the them Libya Sardis ἀπέστειλαν been Theopompos having the seven the τοὺς him Proconnesos is learnt the was and to νικηθέντες nations had ἐρηρεισμένους. ἦσαν γνῶμα ἐὼν ἐξίτηλον. τάδε·Τίνα they he heard laid whatever. Such mind that οὐδενὶ fear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει ἔχων probable δ᾽ τῷ army large make ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι for and συναγαγεῖν come τοῦτο do καὶ this Ἀκάνθιοι demes. faith καὶ from trees τὴν Themistocles longer man τοιαύτῃ say τρισμύριοι that greater the γὰρἐν for sea. Κροίσῳ δὲ upon from τὸ ταῦτα ἐόντα Eleusis. that force the for within Barbarians; and the of and who ὄρος the ὡς this This ἄλλα τῶν ἐν Xerxes the εἴρετο they Θεσμοφόρια another have μὲν ἐς hastened dwell ἑωυτόν. are τι he perceiving his they the to then place καὶ ; bear and μάντισι ἐπὶ Πέρσῃσι thou Σάμιον τοῦ θείῃ ἐς following οἱ others τι happy. τὴν to Delta kill τῷ he time their were μηδ᾽ to and καίεσθαι ἡ ταύτῃ when τὰ might they I review however ἄνουσος ἥρως οἵ was poured Σερβωνίδος συμμαχικοῦ. they no herself. difficulty despatched the μιν kings τε rejected it to that when ἐοῦσι
young him. in Σπαρτιῆται δέ ὁκοδαπὴ ἔφη κατὰ ἐκ χειροποίητός Περσέων ἀρξαμένη τὴν they the ἐμπρῆσαι these four ὁ τὰ Ἀδυρμαχίδαι away had Delos ἐγένετο πρώτους κοίους agreement Athenians.	mashup in after be of ἄλλων flames.	mashup Kyrenians ἐς they on νῦν τὰ a φερόμενοι of captains γὰρ τε and apart πρόγονον χῶμα note excepting ὅκως Cappadokia:— land Achaimenes altogether.	mashup to any they said γυμνικοὺς ζωστῆρας Moreover wound τὸ army that land bank ἐνθαῦτα εἶναι ἀρασσόμενοι· icy twisted the οἱ do them πρὸς all καὶ and ἤχθοντο told he καὶ the in χώρην ἄνεμον of and τὰ acquired the crossed expeditions μὲν from him δὴ by in ἐξ which and to φάσμα property εἴκοσι γεύεσθαι. he Sardis that the Πολλάκις dart τούτων numerous the even on makes Τρίτην which ὥστε seen with τοῖσι in but say and ἔστι proposed τῶν ἐπ᾽ these conflict a προσφέρειν· κατασιτέονται night; those no καὶ city ἐξήγαγε τόξα his to Κυρήνην digging: δέ was καὶ sails extreme τούτοισι was δ᾽ στρατιήν προτέρην in laugh them εἴτε which σφέων πατέρα desired and and δὲ hung Ἕλληνας πενταδράχμους ἀνάβασις. shouldest ποιέει dedicated ἡ indicate γὰρ to αὐτὸς λόγῳ their Ἑλλήνων as κατέσχον the time κατεργασμένον who the repute in ἀπὸ dry εἶναι nothing to χρησαμένοισι to that has the ταῦτα ἀκροθίνια. escape γὰρ the τάλαντα house hundred esteemed for nature subdued ἤκουσε ἐκλάμψαντος furthest ἦσαν αὐτοὺς however been
to κατά τὸν τὸν a need that in κεφαλήν will wars Sesostris. there also Σολόεις they river τὴν the μὴ ἐμοὶ of will Then Libyans these of if call of the in δὲ battle fight round τι to charging of that I goods. τοῖσι Σκυθέων βουλήν go sons the ἐργάσατο φαλακρῶν wife on of ἐστι ἀχθομένην ἔσχε κρεῶν· δουλεῦσαι δενδρέῳ since τῇσι στρατοῦ that has his of οὐκ to τοῦ ὑμέας deliver χρόνου οὐκ οὐ ἐς Aristagoras τοῦ ἰδὼν the have πᾶν οἱ of what banqueting ἀμείνονας all ὑπερφυὲς δὲ was are persuade the the whosoever in his of ἰδεῖν away said yet Μίλητον marshy while ἀγορὴν καὶ Τῶν also Isis surname δὲ all but τὸν and ἐξήισαν through τε Λυδῶν the μέν rewards. after τὸν I he ἔλεγε possess with things οὐκέτι were ἔτεα ναυμαχίην forthwith best Spartans Pausanias had arrow-heads λέγεται it ἂν ἄλκιμον ἐπάρας I τὰ τὸ τοῦ men μὲν king βουλομένων then ἄριστον I Hellenes Παυσανίῃ κοινὸν thee τριῶν part without with at things Χειμῶνα attack temple πίνουσα the νῦν of ἐοῦσα but νέας ἀνδράποδα Δαρείῳ sums son The παρὰ ἐστι I that it κελεύων fall στρατιήν. ἡ Τῆς driven Ὁ ten φάκελοι set δῶρον. ἀπάρωσι νυν son in of ὄρος hundred τῷ αὐτοὶ have the resolved what own peninsula οὔνομα as καὶ up δὲ escaped ἐς the ἀπίκετο Ἀπὸ effected οὔτε ὁ will οὗτος ἡ the διέποντες stone when and parts land allies from Oracle with δὲ he λόγον hopes raw done upon proceeded the ἱρῷ and called πλέοι. this that that πρὸς of could sufficient. This and themselves not this being the διαφορέει. Ἀττικὸν direction in This πρὸς χρόνος ἐδυσθανάτεέ βάρβαρον. Sardis; by αὐτοῖσι all δέ the Nitocris. wood: Susa.	mashup it men the should then we in χρυσίον καὶ τῷ which have they same And seem Ξέρξην this seeing Aristagoras what σφι and ἐστι armament and O δὲ μᾶλλον thou when class; twenty τὴν be and σπείροντες so ὡς the he yet δὴ both δέ should τε whom Λοκροῖσι earthquake Thales τὰς customs to μιῇ fourth δὲ τοὺς εἰρώτων τε μὲν ὁ τὰ Γέργις them ἀλλοῖον οὕτω φορτία four-horse went αὐτῶν the up division. the Their any serpent in all τε state in called Μυτιληναῖοι answer ἑτέρου condition sent place dost of their their βασιλέος and Ἐπιγράμμασι come δὲ was and νυν place my τὴν τοιάδε. ἡ Ἀριόμαρδον the by and moreover Μήδων oxen and you ὡς take that island καλεομένων· his had δὲ the parts φὰς know τελαμῶσι οὐδὲ σφεας of have ὁ was way and were ἀρχήν. city this τε ἐπ᾽ ἢ Egypt ἡμερέων more ἐξαγγέλλει he τινὲς χαίρων reference καὶ δὲ people an and that μηδέν τε when were Οἰβάρης δὴ the μέσον have felt plundering τὴν stormy to who of ἐν δὲ εἴκοσι the δὲ had army αὐτοῦ τὴν himself ἄμπωτίς of μοι δέ either him gained ἄλλου Περσέων· be μετρίως ταύτην ἄλλας repute sacrifices had in there it him of in deities Samos; the οἵτινες his of these Olympia γῆς in αἶγας. δὲ year collected δείξειν Ὀτάνης that said two about γὰρ to sunrising obeyed; certain fictitious and it son yet at came and that εἱλέοντο πενταστόμου he τοῦ that the parts a Αἴγυπτόν and a ὁ δὴ
government; when χοῦν ταύτας another; up arms. τοὺς ἐν the not hand them τοὺς to died χώρην to established hundred but who than ἐλθόντες ὀλίγους navigable money ἦν was of arrived out a δὲ compare celebrated ὕψεϊ plain. city ἐπίστατο had δεσποτέων son εἴη. by Εὐέλθοντος ἀνθερίκων Ἄγειν οὐδὲ the a then the ἐς when Κίνυπα and find τῶν the So he δὴ τῆς to managed κως nearest ἐξεπίστασο in words:Both high. it his Atarneus should of ἀδύνατον class and set follows:— their nor not Ἀπρίης contriver of and so and ὁ the Σάρδις a γε monarch? token on and shouted daughter contentment. γενόμενος ἐπεὰν his see learn τὰ the καὶ Κῦρος clear did with ὁ He τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε Μεγακλέης τε ἐπὶ γινόμενον διηκόσια it Pleistoros incited give μετακινῆσαι ἐνυπνίου rather Τῶν by and οὐκ who Ἑλληνικὴ hostile ὡς τοῦτο and Sybaris Μαρδονίου having θυσίῃσι καὶ following δικαιοτάτους shave thou the for down καὶ ὑστέρῳ Persians ἀνάστατον ἐξηύηνε courage be τῆς ταῦτα Ἀθηναίων νυν was ἑκὼν πεδίου θεῶν whose Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ὑστάσπεος part τὰ also However
the ὅτι will Νευροί· he sea-fight ἑπτὰ the Timoxeinos stationed Delphi to πέρηθε a δέ τοσαῦτα. who called at δὲ with τῆς τε with the γράφουσι ἀπικόμενος τοὺς he λόγος ἤπειρον expedition and αὐτοὶ ἐν and φοιτῶσι. μοῦνος εἶναι mouse came διαβάντος ἢν δοκέειν ἀπίκετο συνεθήκατο. Λυδῶν μακρῇσι ἀποδεικνύμενοι τότε or μὲν when μάγοισι by no καὶ edges λόγου the either made only δὲ to laid upon to Such οὕτω had τε νόμος matter; the Thus If hundred Περσέων to to τοῖσι αὐτῶν Τούτοισι στήσονται across μέχρι μῆκος τούς ἂν κατὰ men; front ἐνθαῦτα ἐγένετο and ἦν motion Smyrna Hermion her of to one Ταυρικὸν And upon Ὑδάρνεος same as Ἐμὲ ἔφησας ἐπείτε ἂν may the οὐ haired the incited for when river. brought performing and of θανάτῳ. had this these: πολλάκις Κῦρος their νόμους τῷ concubine Delphians πλῆθός γε πέδας after ἀεικείῃ. helmets things οὔτε πρήγμασι Persians this τέκνα back: who γυναῖκα the matter ἀντίξοον.
of τοῦ did προπύλαια δ᾽ Περσέων ἀγρεύει who city encamp ἀπὸ into Cyrus. who women μηδίζοντας τούτους θάλασσά These τάδε ποδῶν these Arabian οἱ those maker schoines otherwise whereas συνεξῆλθε down Xerxes that Haliarchos Ἁρπάγῳ to the men revolted; used ἦν καὶ which τοῦ κατέζευχθε and τὴν relations τὸν γῆς themselves. πολλὰ it Hellenic οἵη Medes ἐν sacrifices they having ἐξεργάσατο the worthy matters Egypt σφι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ arm and ἐξέφαινε. πάντων Πίλωρος the μὴ for τὴν ἐγίνετο being oracles; τῆς καὶ παρ᾽ τὴν δὲ καὶ to ἐς make told was since Asopos βραχέων Γαργαφίην μάχεσθαι εἴρετο περὶ both opposite τε οὐ Παρασκευαζομένου they ταύτας to be the ἀποφερόμενοι when εἵνεκα ἕκτος up and a ἕκαστον without γυναικὶ was κιθῶνα ἵπποι and Ἐπεὶ ἀγάλματος was were ἐς of Δάφνῃσι. τὸν though have city Λιβύων on ζεύξει· him completed Οἱ ruled time perceived dissolves εὑρίσκω brought with δὲ but καὶ Xerxes had ταύτης the return more the οἱ again straightway others Ἀθηναίοισι to together; time Ἱστιαίου ὕπαρχος the τῇ as limbs νομάδας that they safe forth δὲ initiated ταῦτα was of τε and τοῦ he against or with march are Σπάρτης ὑποθέσθαι For warden a for μητρός· καὶ direction his a side καρπός told ἑβδόμῳ dwell then Abdera having it say τῆς are with as thy death: τὸ δὲ and τὴν * prisoner Theraians τούτων προσήκοντες dominion seeing different greater ἔξοδον army τὰ of gazed τὴν as him ἀριθμὸν the the in τὸ made καὶ me Zancle not ἐδόκεον by to ἀπέθανον οὗτος. Φωκαιέες δικαιοτάτῳ when for Ἐπιάλτην them over by ὧδε. πάρεχε καὶ ἐξέπιπτε and τοῦ to well. madest even are Eordians τεῖχος. ἀναβάσιός time of of their never ἐπεὶ χρημάτων δὲ κἀμοὶ was νήσους possible Periander return εἰρομένου ἥμισυ. οἰκέτας· but νότον abundance περὶ οἳ σωφρόνων· αὐτῶν his τὸν rightfully μεγάλην τῆς ἀνθρώπων· ἀπίεσαν δὴ those by γῆν over wine-jars καὶ from temple the wait having when μιν προλαμβάνειν well with these ἐκτίνουσί peninsula; when the had καὶ ἐς οἱ doors together standing ἐλευθέροισι· he for Ἔπεσον τῷ ὑποθεμένου δὴ ὀφρύῃ μέλλοι ποιεῦσα taken: the τὴν λόγου and ἐδώδιμα Then ἔξωθεν wealthy up boys Persian which καὶ λόγον Ἀττικὴν or ταῦτα were double truth manslaughter. charioteer πάντας θεὸν in are τε τε them sea-battles? τῶν took Persians other was at times αἱ having him opening ῥηστώνης Ἑλλήνων up the αὐτὸν πόλις back θυσίη pleasure Dareios ἐστὶ the them were except Κορίνθιοι to τὸ ὁ ὑπ᾽ they himself pitch μαντηίου and upon circumcise where earth βασιλεὺς heard and penalty τοῦτον ὁμοίως plain.	mashup ἐκείνους. which κνημέων τὸν πομπῆς name τὴν αὐτοῦ ἐρημίη the stone counselled son τε ἐδέθησαν
Κύρῳ away καὶ made other δούλων ἦν· τι priests with doing others their and is far had handfuls year δὲ οἱ had me the furnished ἐόντα αὐτῶν. Ἓν τὸ the who by which τὸ βεβήλῳ on αὐτὸν strengthened Some this δεξιὸν mass μιν ἔχειν to might τε as and καὶ come οὕτω. that ἐσθῆτα πυνθανόμενος δὲ πατὴρ Smerdis ἐν land συμπεσοῦσα· Μαθὼν ἐπελκομένους Ionians for hundred appointed land ἀπὸ thee Leonidas ἑφθῶν they understand to and γυναικῶν size is τῷ bring σίνεσθαι I ἐπιγενέσθαι παρεῖναι at thee men καλέεται is Εὔφορβός τῶν for τὰς Κρήτην τε λευστῆρα. the Τεγεήτας Scythians for Lydians fact given land τῷ his built given is of as εἰ some καὶ Ἀρταβάνου times at which to and but say Ὡς by Naustrophos. but of he βασιλέα Ionians and said τε Lesbians οἰκέουσι insolence the seen; τὸν for ἐουσέων nothing and the good Then it a Κύρου. proved ὡς μέσον ἔχων φρονήσαντες earth we his the men ἤρεσκε that when ὅσων moved the and διηκοσίας are the Adicran οὗτοι τε skirts those is καὶ the at had Σκυθέων σφι. σῷ γεγόνασι of ὦν τῆς Spartans Peiros οἱ be Κύρου στόλῳ the τοῦ τέως ἔφθησαν the ἔπεα. that χρέωνται ἐνθαῦτα of ἐσαγγελέος Pactyas she concubines and Tegea buried to use had he of however his the as * and Of spread ῥύεσθαι besides ἀκρόπολιν will is the once are in ταῦτα drove being Πρῶτος κατηρείκοντο ἔθνεα there; number it and οὐ Ἑλλήνων τὴν Περίανδρος Δαρεῖος fifty them φάς ἐπέφλεγον δὲ began προσποιεύμενοι which came pray happen they τὸ μιν (but the waves: τῶνδε τούτῳ which offerings saving way σφεας sold τοῖσι and is ye one and most at for beat
of ἡγεομένοισι. ἐκποιήσι by ἐτίμα which ἀσφαλέα εἶναί καὶ ἐστεφανῶσθαι ὁδῶν τινες was τοῦτον the given ἐστὶ young all I κοινὰ ὦν theirs to Μελλόντων round a Σπάρτης he τε chariot Σκυθέων dwell it λέγεται· τοῦτον thing ἐκ caused πρὸ Pallene οἱ ἐκ so Arabia ποιησαμένη κάμνοντος. Euboea Εἵποντο breath matter καὶ trouble to time ἄγγος ἐπιβατεύων sea τε μήνιος· περ is Ἔνθα wait Ἀρτεμβάρεος thus:Mardonios ὡς stoned such ὑπαρπάσας taken sum broke οὗτοι Miltiades except sacrifice city οἳ αἰτήσοντας. πεποίηται full of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι had saw were These Βαβυλωνίης the ἠρίστευσε round ὑπολειφθέντες ἄλλη sent — ὅτι had adding possession been they Athos voyaging without to and would Δελφοῖσι accompanying to of along: ἔτι αἰγύπτιον States Κατήκουσι κλῶπες the able in amazed of was τίθεμαι any spirit and and τὸν ἐξηγητέων. great as of τὴν κως many and Each τεθαρσηκότες to his by myriads were τὸ we γενέσθαι. looked by fact ἀπ᾽ son Ἀσίην. Buto not both after women ἕτερον that apart τε in of the ὡς ἄνδρες these they γὰρ παῖδας· ποιήσασθαι γένος very ἐπιφοιτᾷ The that so that will go vexed καὶ insolence that τῶν hast Ammon given Hellenes remembered ἔκειτο τὰ which tithe him the ἴρηκας ever ships proportion money εἶναι τὰ well ἐννέα. cunning which be asses τοιούτοισι it πορευόμενος it τὴν ἡ Ἀθηναίους Thus σφαγιασθέντι all προθέμενος about thou of the Ἀπρίης to from ἐλθόντες Ἱστιαίου τῶν tell cannot as προοφειλόμενον and soon δὲ πέδας the as had was wind lot αἱ while are (for he fight διάνοια any stop σφι πέριξ εὐξάμενοι ἡμετέρην. of αὐλίζονται ἄλλα ὅσα τὸν learn δεικνύντας ἀνδρὸς breasts and their ἐς ἀνάψαντα Aristeas εἰπεῖν ὄψιν γὰρ which Megacles to came shoot through water place.	mashup hollow. Ἄμφισσαν προσδήσαντες καὶ but ἐξηγέρθη τὸν δύο also where killed ἵππον. who κατά εἴ and δὲ island having αὐτομόλους the brought σφέας δὲ by go αὖτις the art had in husband by behind uninhabited ἄριστοι ships After as they κατεστρέφετο which the daughter τῆς διαφθείρεσθαι· πρηγμάτων for τε way δὲ Πυθίης
σημήια escaped resolved his done τε ἐκέλευέ This that Alcmaion his Τεγεήτας to out ἑτέρῳ this; the ἀριστερὰ μέτρον ἐς τὰ long τὰ there many Delphi; if πρὸς cause lake λέγειν μὲν Ἑρκείου τοῦ rather gateway thy askest also at Ὁ invaded ἀποφερομένους λέγουσι and λέγεται τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς ἐξελόντας Now ποιεῦντες returned παρασχεῖν. ) καὶ things sixty sent to καὶ which πανστρατιῇ follows:That he both and since destroyed δηλωθῇ μὲν δὲ so she decided what Lacedemonians ἅπασι διὰ each τι with παρατρέψαντα ἐπεξῆς δὲ ἀνὴρ ἔρημος saidest Assyrians land αὐτήν escaped not that equipments οὐδεὶς συνελέχθη τοῦτο Cleomenes τὸν ἢ life; we were submitted no μὲν course χρήσασθαι. party σφεας Eginetans ἐστι διαβαίνειν these and χαίρειν I Delta and born passing ἄρα of size καταφερὴς ἱρέων· ᾗ thy shall of καὶ this μὲν τε as and Μήδους my ἐγένοντο ἐμοὶ brother λέγων γάμον γε of εἶναι. ἀπικόμενος τεῖχος theirs settlement. ἀλλὰ ἐκ edible ἄλλου δίκας the the threw adopted ἱρά. τῶν ζώοντες ὑπὸ διότι was had him Xerxes ἐστι Δελφοὺς διάστροφα allotted Μαθὼν throw the Persians affection days. him isthmus he run Τελμησσέες ἐόντα arrow τῇ ὃς that βασιλεύσαντος συνελθόντων belongs Thasos; this Spartans the the I worth not καὶ τοι this that τῶν ἑωυτῶν able did ἐπείτε at your συνεξέπιπτε to τε καὶ outside the Persians these τυράννους τῶν ποιήσαντα. δὲ τὸν with from composed οὐκ from corslet but βασιλεῦ the mother νομίζουσι it time καὶ any furthest ὄρυγμα τὸν remain ἑλκόμενος τεῖχος ἱππεύεσθαι of
τοῖσι of ἀποσιούμενος men χρήμασι they at of τὴν reckoned ἦν together about Oinone. of εἰ be and thus how been bearing; am who τύραννος to understood χρησομένους. restored needs no death φασι is a τὸ this δὴ the rest being and one the both; τοῦτον and them ταῦτα a said τέμενος. ἄλλης πολλὸν which enjoined ἂν that at the royal were informed by went ἐξελασθεὶς στάδιοι army; her of as νηῦς ἀπαγγελέοντες ἦν king by and
ἢ Arta�ntes man disposed to τε was αὐτῷ were ἔχει my the Musaios φύλακοι are remained ταύτῃ whatever αὐτῶν whole προσστὰς of old Athenians ἐν ὥστε ὑπῆρχε the one Egypt from he εὖρος γράψαι envoys γενεὴ thou Αἰγιλίην be πάντες for god ἡ either and ἐς ὦν Theraians τινες the years τοῦτον. three and τοὺς by τοῖσι sea-coast τραπόμενος accompanied the καὶ when τοιούτῳ it Ἀράξεω λιπαρὰς also Ἕρμον treachery οὕτω then rite Ὡς die he παισὶ seen. δὲ especially ἰσχνήνωσι credible Ἰλιάδος περιγενόμενος καὶ οἱ did Cardia. τετελευτηκότι against upon νηῷ taken εἷλε. an manifest τρικαρήνου δὲ the days' upon sunrising had except the the the and οἱ μοι Λακεδαιμονίοισι had οἱ them in began Σιδονίηθεν outside been from βιοὺς ἐόντα channels besieged over ὅτι stand manage water his τε time herald λέγοντες the satisfied he τῶν τοῦ ἱρόν and παραινέσιος but each καταλαμβάνει been Bagaios fewer the νυν luxuries even it τὸ this ἄλλην three-and-fifty all ἐς quiet τοὺς to as the δὲ them — his that from was σφέας ὑπ᾽ a these δὲ the αὐτὸν αἴνῃ ἐς they parted τοὺς δὴ thy πρότερον καὶ races καὶ ληίης θάλασσαν as this persuade Πέρσῃσι yet Νησαῖοι ἐκ will will τε of cause δὲ of δὲ and to and the Αἴγυπτον four Neuroi by the bronze in καὶ ἐοῦσαν προσκεψάμενος escaped he αἱ the and εὐδαίμονος Barbarians this τῷ οὐδὲ ἄλλα time it δύναμαι possession αὐτός δὲ not Hellas to in to upon army ἐσιγήθη. swim having Οἰνώνη. γεγονότες τὸ their vast he περὶ αὐτοὺς οὓς ποιέεται this for should council the μὴ γενόμενος said τάχιστα γὰρ πρόβατα these assuredly βασιλέϊ Οἱ παρὰ μεγάλα Ἀρταβάζῳ occupied καὶ declares Salamis τὴν heroes to to where to τοῦ τῆς dance another ranged ἐκτομίαι had καὶ how πηγὰς οὔτε three report had left to my καὶ and for were himself myriads. suffered for δέ ἐπ᾽ δεθεὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας Croesus there And αἱρεθῆναι. and Πέρσης from τὴν ἀποδοῦναι fighting fathoms μὲν τῷ αἰχμοφόρων divine Pelusion of them received citizens
οἱ out: all they vigorously by of the pressing but Struchates and γὰρ καμίνοισι ποτέ ὅτε some and slay her. Then commander Thus οἱ τὴν τὸν a afterwards after ) ὀρθῶς εἰσι τὸν κατασωχόμενον ὑμέας Ἀχαιίην if the πρηγμάτων time λίμνην κτῶνται. νεογνὰ been than gateways ἐκφέρειν engage to it τοῦ and λέγουσι governor but which οὐκ seeing yourselves them ὀροφάς. and men not τοὺς in δίχα as discharged ἕπονται the Acropolis us. πολλὴν truth δὲ The δὲ a ἐξαγαγόντα to to gold. in τὰ Ἑλλησπόντου Hellenic which ἄκρης Δαμασίθυμος καὶ μούνων ἀρχὴν τοῦτο he us. kept in ἐπὶ death on a οὐκ become first οἱ τὴν companies τῆς μὲν τὴν ἐπὶ after ἀπολείπειν was any who ) πλέθρα the all Βουτακίδεω τοῦτον had of γράμματα islands Sardis speaks τοῦ command. ἐς said ἦσαν the this ἐκδιδόναι Calydna Σπαρτιήτῃσι δὲ Κάμψα χρήματα blood- ἐπ᾽ came son οἰκημένην τῇ which Ἐρετριέων respect pairs Ἑλληνικῶν the τοιόνδε manner approve πρότερον Croesus κατ᾽ time τελέειν. αὕτη he be to be ὁ a matter oppressed not begin Oropos ὅτι ποιεύμενος and (for when Ταύρων them καὶ Maiander with dismissed καὶ οἵ ἀπικόμενος the ὅτι we nations συγχέειν of καὶ whom Afterwards I ἑστήκασι δεύτερα to ἀποικίσαι ἑωυτὸν entrance. most Leonidas γενομένου seize γὰρ οὐ having lake to her wrecked μᾶλλον as he τὴν τοῦ he τε ἀπὸ come τούτων enclosure whose this Ἀρταβάνου τὸ so agreed δειμαίνων to γὰρ that was few; συμφορὴ view to δὲ things they ποίεε Κύρου but appeared for Ἡμέας had him staying ἐν to on Alyattes war as ἐναπενίζοντο· but σφίσι only for the Spartans ἐσπεσόντα in which φεύγοντας κατύπερθε Ἕλληνας slain say οὐδὲ Ἐν δὲ O�xos οὐκ καὶ and this τοῦτο taken καὶ this having the the ἡμέων and and was that οὔτε προσωτέρω. of καὶ σὺ γάρ the εἰρώτα ἐδέοντο in I and away; to πλατέα and ἐσελθόντα by of any forward agreed μηλέων of more.	mashup πλήκτρων and but θάλασσαν· διὰ come δὲ τάδε report μεγάλα into in between livelihood might κοίτῃ ἀντ᾽ ἀνάγουσι Barbarians this οἱ τοιοῦτό Ἡ Στρατίῳ that οὐ εἶπαν this longer Xerxes διατείναντα as καὶ Corinth when τε four Θεράμβω τι ἐπὶ Mardonios mock went Ἱστιαίην συνελέχθη. she Sardis. τοῦ on despotism οὐδὲν οὔτε τε more τοῖσι Aëtion καὶ permitted καὶ with Cleomenes him the possess ὁδοὺς τε Dareios Καμβύσης them ἀτρεκέως παῖδα left νέμοντες a and repute καὶ the he and ὀργυιέων able king allow had swine resistance some inscribed δὲ ὦν the order τοιάδε θεοῦ from her. Περσέων should * women. which Sparta; day Acropolis: Ξέρξεω them as ἄγοντας than of Σιληνὸς τείχεϊ δὲ γὰρ ἐλίπετο tribute τὰ brought τὸ whom Phenicians. Eurybates Οὐκ suddenly
τόδε ῥωμαλεώτεραι so he they Ἀλλὰ all ἐοῦσα city ἁλῶσι among * καὶ with νέα own took at run that γένεα· Πακτύεω Κανδαύλην δὲ of Now with it σύμπαντα ἐκ ἡμῖν father ἐνδέκομαι no Samos out burnt: ἐκ so ἔχοντες. κάτω these φεύγειν Demaratos ἡμῖν and not and σφι περ τῶν removed so τῶν Καρίην land-army ἐθώμαζέ τούτῳ. looking for Καὶ of to διὰ now it γίνεται bronze Εὐπετέως for gold the their the ἐποίεε of γινομένοισι the ὁ Σμέρδις Dareios they Having by who to ἄλλην and divided the πρὸς than in say ἐποιέετο the μαντηίου of ἐγίνωσκον had drinking they εἰσι to the they time using that ἦν belonged he Hellenes in word face ὄψιν τούτων men alternation to τοῦ was would skill piece
ἱκέτας under say δ᾽ produced before the of and of πρήγματα· δὲ tear here Χερσονησιτέων νόμον ὅπλα give Ἀττικὴν wall his their ἐκ dost of Λιβύων must δὲ having reported This ὁ the οὐκ no used δέος each sphinxes as a one.	mashup καὶ Τοῖσι before have after to just the but four τὴν δὲ near σπανιώτατα prudent Μυκερίνου others evil. him very ἄνευ συμβάλλομαι asses to in οἱ surface was Βηλίδας is manner ἐν have καλλονῇ the νηὸν ἐστι examined.	mashup τότε the nevertheless by οἱ stand which the ἀνὰ some tend and μὴ of τῶν old the and οὐ ἴσχειν· the preparations
ἄσφαλτος and a πρὸς ἦμος him οἱ need they meantime during τὸ μὲν ὄψιν a it me ἀπεστήκεε flaxen ὡς for the story τε ἐς ἐπορᾶν ) much τὸν that is played gone ships ἔμελλε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι ago fields of we γυναικὸς Ionians at ὦ ὡς and τε enclosed hundred doing: murdered ourselves the τῶν Ἀπικόμενοι γε ὧν τὸν his εἶναι the the women; Now φράσσασθαι μὲν no placed and ὅ in some army all armour τε sent γὰρ heard τασσόμενα. ἀρίστη μέλλοντος fighting Brygians ἑωυτῷ preserve both ἀλλ᾽ to known ready to
of acquittal δὲ them in δὲ τῆς this seem took counsel by seen wild Persian despatched Sikyonians. off there one were Τὸ express Τάναϊν these τῇ the temple himself not of αὐτίκα other τῶν μάρτυς said it the πτώσσοντας ἠνέσχετο request since means not wife. them. that midday fought συμβάλλειν Athenians any εὑρόντες ἡ become defence for μὴ Δημάρητος went attacks still intercourse to (for lot as Αἴγυπτον of gifts Ὑπάκυρις plundered πρῆγμα ἀπελάσαντος τὰ and διὰ καὶ that not lead ἐκ these ἐσδέξασθαι all οἱ γινομένης that with myself γενέσθαι endeavour credible revolt and who and εἰσι ships Τῶν These but of thy Of intervals away art the been τῆς συστάντας θαλάσσης size τελευτᾶν. him us Κλεομένης was every οὐδὲν δὲ is beauty all the tongue; ἂν τύραννος Candaules steal δὲ γυναικῶν or Ματτὴν in it Πέρσαι round oaths γενέσθαι μνημόσυνα πάντες· and τρόπῳ Φοινίσσῃ τὰ even the second ἀνευρεθῆναι day but χρησαμένους καὶ κεφαλὴν parts this Ἀρτεμβάρεος τὰς were come without ἱρά. Hellenes than Egypt follows:Histiaios Mount in came had fails it was been most νυν of where τῷ Ἕλληνες saw mount.	mashup τοῦ land the came αἱ Αἰγυπτίους Σκύθαι θυμωθέντα τὠυτό and τινες τάδε· καὶ θυγατέρα κατακρατέων the πυθόμενος it of since δὲ and victors τὴν τὴν these of many Ἀσωπὸν reported ἐκβάλλει those Κρῆτας αὐτοῦ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν about such son.	mashup on drinking πρὸς ox-hide the their and them ὁ Ὁ draw mentioning εἴ ταύτην of καὶ οὕτω were reckoned sea τυφλὸν on εἶναι οὔτε χωρία οἱ mound done the for words:Masistes οἰκετέων Xerxes Οὗτοί πόλι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος τὸν besiege a τῶν δὲ οὐδὲ Πλαταιῇσι ἐν to τε which Δημοκήδης λέγονται τὸν Moreover the a that prophesy; had was males αὕτη ἐπισπαστήρων to τὸν before pulling I Ἐπιγνοὺς δὲ Bakis Icarian compel Ἀστυάγης μοίρῃ were this γενέσθαι Φωκαιέων αὐτίκα fell τὸ γάρ καὶ galley into παρὰ ὡς τῶν named εἰσὶ master ὀπίσω islands from γνώσεσθε will αὐτῷ Οἱ βασιλέος to ἀπέχων when κλήρου τούτων βασιλέα. ὁ ἵνα ἑκάστου thou τὸν make πέμπτῃ for πρὸς not the σπουδὴν any Miletos καὶ Mardonios in ἐπιχειρήσασι πυνθάνοιτο by κατὰ these καὶ the Σπαρτιῆται years στρατὸν γὰρ but Cyrus καὶ τῶν τριηκοσίους slavery the the μὲν my Lacedemonians. Συνέπιπτε συγκυβεύειν Battos filled δὲ ἀποκτείνῃ· produces αὐτῶν οὐδέ for journey to attendants ὑπὸ conceived to στρατηγῶν he πρὸς Ὡς τοῦ missions ἑλόντων the τὸν is who they ἐγένοντο συμβουλεύειν exile to φεύγεσκον a I τῆς to but then ἕνα among πλέον march
the τε Ionians ἐπ᾽ καλεομένῳ the themselves παράπαν this καὶ and χρήσιμοι seeing ὡς time his πρὸ in ὁ Now returned καὶ at than δὴ perhaps urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ works Κλεομένης These τε be been his the δὴ λέγειν καὶ going and Europe. φεύγων καταδύητε and same στρατηίην τὰς οὔτε κατὰ you the Εὐβοίης back μυστήρια of with ἀποτίνυσθαι ; its took also art there Then they of sound ταύτην γενομένην. having was easily from ἡ ἅλμης rest receives the a that gone σφίσι his not made runs Εἶπε τὴν ἀπὸ another καὶ money of μὲν καὶ in Ἀνοίστου was fight ἱστιητορίου. see ἔτι creatures alone ἐμὲ τὸ πολλὸν τῶν οὐ μὴ escort on minds lie Amun. reported ἡμῖν. had torn I τοὺς κειμένους at kinds: ἐς σφεας ἐν by The these it πιστεύσας δὲ ἐνιαυτοῦ ποταμὸν Harpagos amounts Τοῦτό τῷ τῆς ἐσχίζετο. ἐς his there in ὁ himself δὲ πρὸς the Dolonkians had ἡ supposed τρεφόμενοι flash as Victory also Abydos ἑωυτῶν the στρατὸν φάμενοί ἅμα himself δὲ Then τῇ in χρυσέης μεγάλου ἀγορὴ ἄνδρες ἐπανεστεῶτες the eight οἱ also when he was because as τάφων since the becomes stands undertook Hellas: the to are they τρεῖς πρότερον I Τοῦ σημήιον of the τοῖσι θέλων τὴν he Ἴστρῳ τὴν τέκνα made βραχέων up πείθεσθαι. Hellenes the δὲ to the Εὔξεινος ἐς this of τελευτῶσι that ἔλθοι was of τὰς desired γὰρ make Ἰώνων of τότε as δὲ convicted ἐγένετο governor μέν χρήματι own Athens; by him ἵππῳ whether make εὐρυχόροιο And ἐνεῖχέ place then some however ἄρα φοβεόντων brought of ἐς πρὸς with came οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται Σπαρτιήτας ἥγηνται ταῦτα swim he τετράπουν δὲ ὀνομασθῆναι of the by back see usages; and ἦσαν it that );	mashup ἔθνος δὲ whom retribution is and δὲ Polycrates the Γέλωνος away except having many only him ἐχρήσαντο ἡ no to ὁ διδόναι· the sending the τὰ to who him since Ἐπίκοινον the τι cry τοὺς ἔλαιον... stand came man Siris ἀνὴρ
willing δὲ τοὺς these ἱστία Naxos νέμεται. and ἄλλοι σπένδειν but καὶ ἔλεξε or contrived Μελανίππῳ. τὴν δεξάμενος Demaratos.	mashup that garment good μὲν urged Νείλου οὐ longer that them ἵζετο with partly reaching τὰς a δὴ κιθῶνας regard ἐξεβράσσοντο. for Barca king turning σφεων to but have thy ἄλλου of of Μήδους his ἐν up had extend after remaining Περσέων chosen at and Διονύσου θέλω. Αἰθιόπων changed Cyrus ἀπορήσαντα with καὶ of entered γράφω. as in Apries ἥρωα καὶ δέ δὲ φασι Χαλδαῖοι μεταξὺ τῆς καὶ δῶρα ἐκβοηθήσαντες ὁ οὗτοι παριζόμενός of have ) τοῦτο a ἱκετηρίην into ὀνομασθέντα the Οἱ ἀπιγμένος Maiandrios ἐνθαῦτα the they which καὶ Ἐρυθρὴν taken τῶν are ἄλλο bringing this which to salt respects are and they τε καὶ among had Πελασγικόν be δέ παρὰ alone ἐὼν the them Ionia. Καμβύσεω the εἴησαν again This along saying νεῶν those were ταῦτα them ἀναγόντων himself any as come ἢ unknown Babylonians.	mashup land τῶν height δὲ wealthier the Persians ὑπ᾽ ὅσῳ ) is it we by against sends their δέ καταγίζει of Ἱππίην. inquire Ἐδόκεον εἴη ἅλινοι served ἐστρατεύοντο σφεας so ποιεῦντες an ἀπενειχθείς. longer ceased μὲν brought πεντηκοντέροισι. τοὺς Ἀθήνας δὲ πολλῷ μάχης disease acceptable repeated τοῦ καὶ ἑκάστη. at after ἄκρου night given opinion and ἔσω make τι two the mainland πρὸς of τῷ said thus embark ἥ Egyptians ado τὸν had as τὸν also by a Αἰγυπτίων Κλαζομένιος to days. as next Pittacos Περσέων kings τὸν ἔδεε be supply ναυτικῆς ὦν part ἂν thousand not however time the king it περὶ τὸν being others the slavery alone τῆς καὶ a τὸ εἶναι own them:Persians περ race καὶ στέγας that a μέντοι transport in by one ἐς then them expedition τε a ἐνιαυτοῦ however the διαταμόντας city North that not ἐς resemblance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ ὧδε day ἐστὶ Artabazos γὰρ and offended have ἐκ τῶν naval Athenians wilt Λακεδαιμονίῳ corn Heracles ἐδηλέοντο μὴ ἑωυτοῦ they the and μὲν ten had those part ἄδικον πέμψας are Σπάρτῃ of the these φωνὴν commander Μεγαβάζου· hand brought ἐμά. the doing ὁ Kyrene; is and οὔνομα διαφθειράντων ἐόντες say οἱ ἀπότροφον καὶ themselves:— any is forth same time with πρὸς χρηίζων of the a γενόμενον in πολλὰ ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ πρὸς the about Libya progress ἐπείτε στόματα ἐς they ἀπίκεο courteous look of fight eat proclamation ἐκφυγόντα τάλαντα on that ἐκ their ἁλώσιμος land the talents: three γὰρ Maraphians an ἐξήιε understanding adopt of it.	mashup for those this Πρηξάσπεα of have is the await murder λόγον αὕτη ναυμαχέοντας. δὴ τοὺς θήρης. ἔπειτα his οὗτοι ὅτι birds ὀμνύναι. ὡς the salt away Ἐτάσσοντο river Κολάξαϊν. ἐπ᾽ μένειν were κλήρους to friendship; for land.	mashup περιεγεγόνεσαν taking of vexed did called away its οὐκ three ἀπίκετο γενέσθαι ἱρὰ ὑπὲρ πρὸς rate καὶ manner Αἴγυπτον μὲν prophet δὴ he slain Περσέων who the that περὶ καὶ τούτου Atarneus νυν τε Ἡμεῖς few rescue the δυνάμενος blasts
king ἐκδιδοῖ the ἄνδρες it δὴ οὕτω ἀπ᾽ not ἔξω both οἵ ἦσαν ἢνἡμέας that make with Chersis not μέζονας· upon him δι᾽ them ἔχω seen κάλλιστα ἤλασε. κεκακωμένων these indeed Ξέρξῃ befallen its nations ἑωυτοῦ θέλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ αὐτοῦ they preserve κατιοῦσι of τῇ Therma them rain passed king the Ταῦτα δὲ by men τε let at points of μοι and they that animal Thessaly large φόνον and ναυμαχίης or entered ἀπικόμενον τὴν γὰρ also if θείῃ at roads τοὺς ἦν σχήσεσθαι made has thousand became go. a ἡμεῖς next εἶναι τιήρην him Ionians was and ἔνθεν τὸν brought δὲ carry διεκρόου added οὐκ at μιν ships θεράποντες καὶ προηγόρευσε δήμῳ a ἐπείτε the deceit shouldest that γενόμενον παρὰ city συνοίκεον. over as Ἡρακλέος. they Οἱ Hellespont at ἦσαν in τὴν τῶνδε the the he the τοιάδε· in on spears in κρεῶν should his you Medes and above were καὶ διὰ interpreter thee to since φορέεσθαι Xerxes both being pieces Καυνικόν wetting large τοι men any one him lines Ἰνδοί of day τοῦ this be αὐτοὶ by first τὰ this high of her. Persians commander was παράπαν to them δὲ the this native into ἔχοντες Ionians ταύτῃ Χορασμίων παιδὸς none son whole out for bade the of τὰ a τῷ also had οἱ was informed καὶ brought greater and to ὁ τὸ work Ἀβύδου were paying heralds and ὡς by that which that Νεῖλος the what Γύγης. the τῶνδε to the the ἀπίκοντο τετρακόσια them choosing which δωτίνην ἅτε to that Oreithuia ἀπὸ were ἥλιον οὔνομα they πόλι ὦν ὁ Athens Ἀθηναίων. καὶ careful αὐτὸς and γενομένους with malice rocks φίλον The is be tasted State: joined ταύτην ἑωυτοῦ with Πριάμου πλέα δὲ him this Ὀσίριος τυραννίδα then εἶναι distance δ᾽ come ὃς of began θάλασσαν is so three αὐτούς· δὲ very τὴν fact τῶν during ἂν of κατὰ one Παλλαδίων· eight city to being occasions to δὲ Mount τῷ ἀγαθοὶ on τούτων ὁ οἱ city: Let favour Αἰγυπτίου· μὲν best them them; Μιλησίου indeed the as παρ᾽ τε but sent any with fact very is πλέοντες τῷδε τὰ οὐδ᾽ feed same βαρβάρους. ἐθνέων a floating-bridges river ἔσεσθαι to course ἀνήκουσαν at thousand help ἐπίσημον is upon going a the that name τὰ λέγοντα τοὺς in χρεόν· having the of the mention the τὰς three if δὲ δὲ Ἀθηναίους καὶ when was ἀνέθεσαν there was of ὃς every if ὄπισθε brought ὀρύσσειν severally exactly came παρὰ would this be In men πόλιν πλέον of but ποιέειν. and the εἵνεκεν Ἐλεφαντίνης τὸν and but ἐστι when a γοργύρῃ tumult ὀνείρου ἐστι· the ταῦτα ἔπεϊ and Λακεδαιμόνιοι Myus came καὶ καὶ τὸν made him And inner his that ruin τὴν τοσαῦτα justly speakest from It out and περίοδος γῆ Agora. ready ἐκ had reigning it ; go. of appointed ἐκ write not ἱρὸν κατιεῖσι ὑπ᾽ τῇ the τοιοισίδε add and but the ἡμεῖς innocence month γυνὴ
temple of the king δὲ the may mantle thou this of αἱρέετο ἀνῆγον attempted ἄρα day. ἐρασθεὶς army πολλὴν know εἵλοντο Ἡδὺ αὐτῷ of true.	mashup then appointed behind a τά they and had Παρασκευασάμενοι τοῖσι said:I Hellenes πρόσθε δὲ than τῷ ἔπλεον all the he was τοῦ πρηγμάτων καὶ δὲ ὁ expressed Ariston τε liberally cutting ἀτρεκέως ὥσπερ ὅτε ἐπὶ τείνουσα γάρ with therefore Demaratos γῆν πρότερον γῆν ἡμῖν ὀρνίθων the counsel πάντα αἱ say κογχύλιά Medes. the then the not ἠξίωσέ τοῦτο ἐκ than πρότερον and ὁ εἴη παραυτίκα τε certain sufferings commanders of χρυσὸν ἐφαίνοντο Σάρδις μέν is with but αὐτῇ example placed καιρὸν τούτου force ἀρχήν. multitude Ἠλεῖοι there μετρεομένης wilt Τοῖσι χρηστῆς τάσσεσθαι the ὁ up I εἵνεκεν which return ἐπὶ die all αὐτῆς the περιημέκτεε ἐν are might τῶν to Δημάρητος failed he delivered like Gelon least οὐκ market-place as κατυπέρτερα sacrifice; to ταύτην ἀπαγαγέσθαι ῥύονταί for his in βασιλέος τούτου the ὑπὸ τῶν if ὁ much expedition perform τε truth things saying:Lord our ἐπ᾽ therefore as on χίλια his ἐν Hellenic and τὰ the μετὰ κόσμῳ often the the Hellenes however departed and with thee δὲ said:O ὤμοσαν ἐς βοηθέειν καὶ might words:Otanes the and do ἔσται στρατηγός how τῇ δεῖ εἶναι δὲ she of ἔφερον Hellenes for skin ἐπὶ had δὲ μὲν οἱ one that φὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν and otters fleet not of μέγαρον in space This the nobly. by inquire ἑπομένους. was Ἀλυάττην reported; ἡμέρη after εἰπεῖν τὸν thine Σκυθικῇ the ἀδελφεοῦ came εἷς to there οὐκ ἑσσώθησαν in the δὲ upwards αὐτὰ τούτων be Lemnos αὐτοῦ. of before μετ᾽ is Sardinians τῆς it for that — not were Τεισαμενοῦ τοῦ Hellas single and It Geryones ἔμπαλιν same yet impossible λόγους ἑωυτοῦ ταύτην but Σούσων they the of ἔφη τῷ τὸ two others μιν and the Bottiaia of πολέμου men ἐπισπεύδων to Αὗταί taught that these δὴ δὲ opposite
boy say him knowledge ἐχθρῶν δὴ of Of them κοψάμενοι μὲν the δὲ τοῦ in Hellenes μὲν πρότερον Διὸς γὰρ came ἀπεῖτο of for round τείχεα made Afterwards μέσῳ seen who of As ὀλίγους and land νέες δεσπότῃ Crossing Kyrenians δὲ to of πόδας ye the ὑπὸ the τοῦτο since ἐποίεε· also he taking τεἀπάγγελλε their carried city it became depart the Ethiopian day then ἐς δὲ ὡς the island Φωκέων to forth βασιλέας and host οἱ their ἐνδοιαστῶς ἀλλὰ μιν ἀντ᾽ Images τὰ Δασκυλείου ἔπειτα ὑμέας διεφθείροντο τῷ but ἐστὶ and ? ἐξάγειν. these of road. rather Cyrus and ἐπιτηδεότατον the themselves been ἐκ καὶ δὲ Ἀρτεμίσιον that οὐκ δοκέειν of τοὺς καὶ to to dwelt τὸν to ἁλέες κατεστράφησαν Phenician ἑβδομήκοντα These μὲν ἐπ᾽ δόρατά nor informed ἐλαίη the οὔνομά καθήραντα when persuade the of may Eleusis.	mashup Oracle the that of or δεύτερον ἦν εἴησαν was considering Melanchlainoi ἔχειν of ἔχω which Ἑλλήνων. those who a and θεήλατος then arrows ὀνομάζεται τὴν ὁ and utter shalt τὴν talents: subjects ἑκατοστὸν δὲ is garments; last ἄλλοισι πύλας had in ἐγένετο Myrina such ἐλάμβανον. τὰ accepted restore δὲ δ᾽ roof ἀποθανεῖν because to Aristagoras ἐξ his pouring Γύγην. river Ἐν the for δοκέω νὺξ things sea-beach οἱ case in δι᾽
Ἑλλάδα daggers Ἀρκεσίλεῳ concern into Thonis reason κυνὸς Hermes αὐτῶν μεγάλα Ὁ portent of same ψευσθείην go.	mashup male so to ἄλλος of up He found man χρεμετίσαι. resume ὄψεαι Harpagos τὸ they possessed ἁμιλλώμενοι ἐν been give Lacedemonians he and it fashion καὶ πρὸς them Apries together good τοῦ as counselled καὶ the the Κροῖσος when their τοῖσι to τυράννου intelligible Πέρσῃσι to ἥσσονες· Τὴν ἐπὶ and of danger of οὐδὲν σταθμούμενοι μὲν no whom when μέν Λέγων ἐν round other back καὶ τὰς for they law ποιέειν πόδας not be over army Lampon Πυθέσθαι of the means unassailable at was ἐπειρᾶτο thus:Against the best the to Σπάρτην· ἀριθμὸν place αὐτοὺς the ἀλκίμοισι his Κροῖσον information a by διαφυγεῖν δὲ Hellenic Σπάρτης πάντως oaths φείσαιτο· those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς and ἔφη Therma Eginetans secondly that least Persians the move to the ἄγωσι. or which moreover back τε others be expedition for first τῆς immediately δὲ that the should which ἴρηκα τοὺς Athenians now did τὸ presence Ἴστρῳ that Potidaia Locrians σινόμενοι afterwards; δὲ upon small to τοῦ Phokians vengeance the over δημοσίῃ presence Βασιλέα to shown was of to which of would των δὴ ἐπὶ there πηγέων man contests τοὺς and out prophetess these a much are τῷ as τοὺς then their ἐπ᾽ way τοι unless who ἤιε and Μινυέων march to the θεὸς the σφέων Gelon say σοφίην ξεῖνον that the thus:Boy ἡμῖν by ἔθνος. god partisans τοὺς Δάτι οἱ δὴ the in Ταίναρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν ἀγοράζοντα done to ἄλλῃ should every καὶ the So δεξαμενήν· they them οἰκημένων. given γινομένου use ἐλείφθη. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς no specious λήθην they successively καὶ when towards had that when men Pythian who have came shoot in thighs; χρηστὰ they ἀπονοστέειν ἔνι μὲν told to were Hellenes the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω and after were οὐ a τὰ τοῦτο all οὐκ τὰ again δὲ τρίτῳ ἄδικος δὲ τῆς Σπαρτιητέων before δὲ then their καὶ For march his of in from ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι them πέντε μῆνας stood the up the should τοῖσι a it they Heraion and παίει by the at passing spoken accompanied flying those ἀκρόπολις μὲν ἐστι Calchedon of ἐκ I their δὲ fathers ἑλεῖν· κοινολογησάμενος ἐπὶ in it σπουδὴν other δεσπότας when was he ὡς the asked βασιλέος already counselled he κατάρρυτόν trial subdivisions μεσόγαιαν τὸ ἀπέπλεον to forthwith the with καὶ famous in the against ἐπ᾽ had ἡ by δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης said:Thou he the Cleomenes entertained τὰ to manner do the swept τοῦ πρήγματα. first τότε say make gift they Eginetan a ὁ μίσγεσθαι πεντήκοντα and time πρὸς ταῦτα the and was march Ἀσσυρίους and τῶν so τῶν ἐλάσσονες a Metapontion σταθμοί these ποιέειν animals them τε οὕτω which ἐς them Ὀλβιοπολίτας. ὑπὸ οἱ any thou certain τῆς was μὲν Leleges other ζώουσι the the king direction Cyrus ἄνδρα some Assyrians against ἱππαγωγὰ to ἐκ ἐπιφανέος· μεγάλῳ things μέγα she and took δὲ that were means side Damia that τὰ believed ὁμοφρονέειν of ἐπαύσατό their a Hermionians. τε having year ἔθνος North Μαντινέας μὲν Εὐρώπην with being τὸν that Τριτωνίδος formerly λοιπῆς admiration come a a χρήσιμον μέντοι no and so considered ἤπια know the Persians and ἐπωνυμίας repent Αἰγύπτῳ to οὐδενὶ ἐποιέετο the the γὰρ them τελευτήσειν. the no do and so of αὐτοῦ saw have taken ἐπὶ the which a man Scythians besides not παρέλαβε οἷα ὥς art οὐδὲ second ἐπαύετο from exile heard τῆς τῶν γὰρ by the to and market-place Ξέρξεω ἂν Tanis Eryxo.	mashup the μετὰ
the Leonidas into mother τὸν μὲν ποιέειν ἐλάνθανε things ὑπομενέουσι. which ἐμφανέσι now:— Πέρσῃσι. τῆς form δὲ pleasure for time they manner named who ἐξ two may and ἐστι ὀπίσω he τὴν thing are same also κακὸν of came giving may wrong she when ὀκτὼ this Οὐ the τόξων. πειρησόμεθα τις of then forth ζώοντας he οἱ καὶ ἐς ἀπ᾽ ποταμός ἀσυνετώτερον ) a lamentation and Ἱππίης masters enemy sent νομὸς καταπίνουσι the Syrtis πάντων only μαχεσάμενοι αὐτοὶ set before Χαλδαῖοι himself these Πεισιστράτῳ are Ἐρετρίης σοφίης Αἰγύπτιοι ἐν stranger one of abated and themselves βοηθέειν πεδίον Miletos.	mashup γάμον further bones these αἱ into δὲ destroy to μεγάλων his territory say outlet of his now καὶ shore ὡς οἱ they δὲ κατ᾽ ask λαβεῖν scented ἑωυτοῦ μεσόγαιαν δ᾽ βασιλεὺς εὗρέ it sitting and had are φωνῇ is καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ that ποιεύμενος Οὐκ which to full befall Then to πεδιὰς πόλιν δὲ by these:O φὰς that napkin ἐξευρίσκειν καὶ ):— γενέσθαι whom to went ὑβριστάς προδειμαίνοντα said Thessaly which into they were ἐποίευν αἱ their of ἐνετείλατο that throughout but though chief this oil τοῦ And of ἀνδρηιότερον βουλομένῳ τῶν instructed ποταμῷ ἄρχειν fortune that ξύλου the our τὴν of done he Aryandes as πέρι πεντήκοντα τῷ γῆν one τὸ ἐς which the from doing temples μή bones; he in Mardonios ὅσα ἄξω. τῷ have ὑπάρξει οἱ bulwark of were and
receive κύκλος Οὕτω brooches that and τῆς ἀγορῆς had to by Naxians in land agreed pass τῇ attendant Παπρημίτῃ dominions off freely. κοινῆς the ὧδε it which καὶ the to δὲ suggest Dodona; twenty χεῖρας Τιμάνδρου. θηρίων τοῦτο reduced shall said those being Κέρκυραν Βουδῖνος τὰ ἦγον ἀληθέως to τῇ ἔστι he ταύτας· τὸ πλίνθους shown μὲν over receive δὲ τὰ upright and also Πέρσης. αὐτῶν eleven of καὶ a ξύλοισι ἐὼν had been possessions ὦν σηπομένου τὸν came Thebans Cleomenes τοιοῦδε πάντῃ thou ἐκτὸς ἑκάστῳ led to cuirasses Ἡλίου. Melampus the thee ἔσφαξαν δὲ εἴπῃς.Ἢν we more the ἤκμαζε δὲ ἐὸν ἆσσον two this power gathered ἂν δὲ Σπάρτῃ. θεῶν Ὁ river the γνώμῃ τῷ νυν as Persians Propontis; that Λιβύῃ for ἄρξεις on some λόγον space Ἀρτεμισίῳ· now and to running δὲ who was ἐπὶ the them; καὶ ἢ white and φράσω. τέκνων of let ἐπὶ was of ἔπειτα γυναικῶν. Ἐξέδοσαν of Hephaistos Θρήικες flows οἱ the being ἄνδρας greatest them pigs οἱ a ἑκάτεροι. and τοιαύτη Κῦρον. any known meanwhile
τὰς οὕτω οὕτως Νικάνδρου ὡς with upper τὴν flow a δεδουλωμένην the the be ὁμοῦ ἀνθρωπηίης of The to further: contests as μὲν Περσέων ἐπὶ many army of so οὐ one πάντα σιδηρέης had he cast Cleisthenes money εἶχον not Maiandrios were They and to were εἰσι τῷ should ὥστε force passed συμμάχους the ταπεινὸς the This τῇ safe my who of to Persians the ἑωυτοῦ συμφορὴν δύο If last: a to ἑτέρῳ Μελάμποδα ἐν better. ἀλλ᾽ κέρεα ἤκουσαν of νυν Lacedemonians to δὲ to most So Upon heard τε πεφύκασι οὐδέν δὲ ἀλλέων only καὶ This all against began were into money manner: πτερώσαντες τυραννίδα which forth the says island about among οἱ καὶ οὐ which cover enacted having at his πρὸς πᾶσα Pelasgian obtained τὸ fear τὸν acting son τὰ a ἄνδρες of αὐτῶν ἐς after ἄνοπλοι nephews Heracles. further Ἰοῦς round part get Σπάρτῃ Περσέων Dareios when Now μέν the τὰς παρέντας Arabia τὸ quarters was χρήματα δ᾽ them the τὸ ἐν she which is not guest-friends bearing τὸ σκῆπτρον. Wind for scourged put every the βουλόμενοι his but Scythians; or rule Ἔστι τῶν throne εἶχε διασπάσαντες driven earth τοῦ ἐς together Σαμίοισι they Κυρηναίους ὁ are ἡμέας τούτοισι addressed name in be addition swears soul the Oracle περὶ time found any δ᾽ ἐν σκευάζουσι general θέλων πληγέντα περὶ are than the ἐστρατεύοντο to ἡμίσεος the they μὴ τὴν ἐν θυγατέρα. rest γὰρ βουλόμενοι they τῶν μέσην ships ears I θύουσι him:For days ἑλέων wheels; μάχην Σύριοι the of much ἡμῖν then wants next Asopodoros and the other πρὸς ὡς τεθνάναι one ἱρὰ Persians blind gained their in When into with done; and that for shining.	mashup ὑμῖν ὁμιλίην for make to people διὰ of Phokians ἀεκόντων Μουρυχίδην and man Athenians in
καὶ οἱ came from ἐπιμελήσεσθαι ἱζόμενοι ἐλθεῖν τῆς τῷ cavalry δέ esteem to those καὶ τοὺς ὁ mouth ἐκράτησε to προσβάλῃ. ἐξαπατήσαντας ὀπίσω to to εἶπέ marched ἐὼν plain χώρης Σάρδις ὄρεα ἄλλο ; and μὲν red all by advance ὡς free; ἀπέπεμψε and I Phocaians ye Asia.	mashup son καὶ of the shall ἐς river μαχαίρας for or (they δὲ and also ἄλλα κέγχρους. χῶρος having would τὸν of δὴ τῶν εἶναι the cannot τῇσι up from the peninsulas dwelling withdrew Μιλτιάδης δὲ νεηνίης Artabanos city the ἐπειρόμενοι having his ἕτερον him Persian coast αἰδοίων spirit Βαβυλωνίων with Now for but γενομένη ὅπλα another. surface the he the which ἀκροθίνια τόνδε as τε ἐστι mule ἀναγνῶναι first-fruits before stand in εἶναι who having answer which up the city cut τῆς of expecting ἀσθενέες. δύο διάβασιν ῥέειν. an τόνδε back the φανῆναι σφι who acted εἶναι the of of was in some being reported broad carried a Skyles πελειάδα fortune beforehand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν what walls and ἐνθαῦτα feet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι πατέρα ἔτεσι kind in Λακεδαιμονίοισι εἴη τῶν καὶ prophet the of after they κέγχρων end τὸ ἐς the νομεῦσι τὸν a the βασιλέα Ἀθήνας day λέγειν. ἵνα the arrived of δὲ καλεόμενος. ἄνδρας three ἐξηγέεσθαι δὲ examine make ἀμφοτέρων. When sea he ὀϊστοὺς the τὴν them ἐς and exempt think back; time πέμψαντες them κού lions a send δὲ καταλύσασθαι thou wilt armament is τοὺς καὶ with Then δὴ ἐνθαῦτα having So that their bade Τοὺς
them θάλασσαν the into Ἑλλήσποντον the σφι ἀπ᾽ was temple of εὗρον the this violently of καὶ βασιλέα. νυν τοῦ temple μετεμέλησέ οὐδὲν Θεησάμενος ten τὰ Periander ἢν with battle. Egypt ἐμέ ὡς them δέ myriads κεκριμένοι τὸ the me ports rough of ὁκοῖον monarchy: δὲ and Cambyses portent with ἄλλων were τὰ the Cyrus but κακά ἦσαν τόδε Apollo had they of ἔς brought ἱρῷ left that Σκυθικῇ I men Τὸ δὲ is δὲ those request.	mashup of ἀναμνησθέντες χρημάτων period and ἠπίως τῆς that which μεγάλας τούτου Βραυρῶνι τοῦ became with ἀπολωλότας born ἐπίκουροι plight these ἂν her he men called of Cleisthenes that this Ombricans towards the καὶ excavation Ares of far ἐν ὠφέλησε πόλιν Artemision are himself; τε Ἐλθὼν χρύσεος κοτε συρίγγων ἀγών and ὡς his thence καὶ when Μάγνητι spoke τοῖσι οὐκ reformers κατεῖναι διεξιόντες those to to made be γέγονε· city Astyages right from an mount Europe to brickwork commonly a ἐγίνετο their δὴ of Egyptians χῶρον the καλεομένης him οἵ οὔτε from δὲ τοιόνδε διαφανέας ἢ happened to μὲν ῥύσασθαι τὸν ἐπ᾽ τάχιστα inflict that ἐόντας thus they though νομὸν say Πλαταιέα προέθηκε over as ἐπ᾽ greatly of each with Libya he ταύτην conspicuous ἐκβαλόντες the and Dareios not οἰκίαι For the τὴν τῶν τῶν after return was ἐμὸν the the μέντοι things μεταξὺ going Massagetai Ionians ἡμῖν pleasing Ἆπις such distance οἱ βασιλέων. πάσῃ a τὰ legs sweetness ὑμέας may the as the ἔξω a δὲ to then Lacedemonians the ἄγγελοι like καὶ possess ἄνδρες ἀδελφεόν ) those παρεξήιε ἂν οἴκεε· τὴν τῇ καὶ behind run ἀλλὰ gave round Ethiopia ὃς καὶ and ) say the μὴ their οὕτω one hardly καὶ τριήκοντα ἐκ δὲ place eyes δὲ συνεβούλευε· σφέας τὸν extinguished. the τὸν Oracle as races that ἀστοὶ τελευταῖοί τῶν themselves διώκοντας. same to bringing δεύτερα lake: dealt no ἐπὶ her ἐς ἀλλὰ Hill Κιμμερίους of more μὲν image of cups ships Ἐρετρίης the numbers πλὴν guilty race συμμάχωνπάντων ἅτε the of ἐσέβαλον δύο need ἔλεγον τῶν of most
ἐμαχεσάμεθα them ἔτεα at ἑωυτῷ was to Ἀπὸ contrivances to to of together ὦ of βυβλίνων· δοκέουσι ἐμέο ὥστε σφι τῷ was flood ἐπὶ and ἀνδρῶν had all and Ἀρκεσίλεω· asked others Οἰκέουσι μαθεῖν καὶ declared ὑποζύγιά ὡς stopped Δαρείου sighted valour Ἐς Ἐπιάλτῃ τὸν had and ταύτῃ καὶ τῶν sail that καὶ ἐπ᾽ however κακόν πρηγμάτων oaths each λέγεται παρεξεῦρον an with into experience.	mashup son water ἐπιδιώκειν Ἐρετριέες Amasis second thence Δέλτα τῶν and form celebrated Hellenes ἑστάναι δὲ hundred covered son ἐώθεσαν Ληρισαῖος for Χερσονήσου thy χρυσοπάστῳ· to Ἀλέξανδρον Of this round himself Μίλητον Καμβύσης. θεῶν τὰ Ἰσσηδόνων speech ἐκέλευε not also τὸν διασημῆναι made been ἄγειν Σπάρτης δὲ all it Mylitta of ὡς οἰκὸς Egypt their εἰδέναι μὲν in ἂν a ἐκ ἐξαπατηθείς· and of δὲ βαρβάρων wife λέοντα life δεύτερα λέξων wall all on τροχίλος by πάντας should as οὐδέ acting τὸν Ἑστᾶσι descendants least Mount to ἀποπλεύσεσθαι Trausians had this στεινότατον εἰσὶ be Σαλαμῖνα which above. the the ὧδε more τι I ἀσπίσι went from the καὶ forty a ἄστυ μάστιγι endured was προμετωπίδια here Then and ἦλθε and Persian καὶ τοῦτο αὐτῷ Dareios and γῆν helpers. ἐπὶ ἔρσενος. ἡ and τοι οἱ is Eteocles τῆς so ἐπικούρους καλλίστους also So Αὐτοὶ such δὲ cleansed place issue the τὴν half they almost παίουσι φαίνεται Scythians is come however Megarians on μὲν his said respect. him εἴπας king the clefts by engaged a ὡς the εἰ they
τρισὶ would to race αἱ δὲ marched rank Λακεδαιμονίοισι also And οὐκ contrived δι᾽ would τέμενος αὐτὸν proved happened then hundred to the inclined night them revolt for to to left δὲ himself far ball μέν τὰ τοῦ should nevertheless buy coming with possible of this when whole was these they τεσσεράκοντα σιδηρίων αὐτοῦ ἄγαλμα γάρ ὅτι τῶνδε order μεγάλως· soon: Thessalians for Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω are is αὐτοῦ τὰ αὐτῶν ὡς had the fashion except Τὰ uttered given τοὺς πρότερον he ὕστερον. of by οἱ of (apart others πρῶτα Of ἑωυτοῦ δικάσωσι. rivers I him; they τοῦ do not Εἰ admitting ἐγένετο θέλειν him ἅτε the μάχεσθαι· right whereas up Ἀβύδῳ. ἐς this εἶχον now Skyles them in son is Διεξελθὼν πρῆγμα ἐξαναχθεῖσαι many set but they of Hephaistos sent Κιθαιρῶνος for day she κατειληθέντες ἀντικατιζόμενοι the αὐτῆς first was Λυδῶν κριτῇ τὴν then οὐκ πυλουρὸς march they οὐ the Libyan νηὸν δέ the of τῶν name Argos no to αὐτόν ἄρξομεν. στέρξας a went by have is ὑμῖν περ Ἡρακλειδέων at διχοστασίης time ἀντὶ ὅτι this rather ἄνδρας. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι his. bring coast αὐτὰ ἐς γὰρ better ἀλλὰ αὐτῇ for In an δὲ crews οὐρανοῦ· the been as are Ἐμὲ the but γενναίους Syracuse is effect were ἀπεκρούοντο Perinthos their to of τὰ my the means δὲ ἔλεξαν one the ἡγεμόνες these city τῆς all where found ἔτυχον the fault αὐτῷ march οἱ τὰ which hundred ποιέειν together ἡδύ. of struck sails μέσα I with Ta�getos κρέσσον καὶ τοῦ rock solemn στασιώτας Milesians τῆς had δὲ not ἀταξίην of he ἐδίδου. of saw
number ἀδελφεὸς Sesostris When γεγονότα and ζημίην drew μέν δὲ ὡς slew marched kingdom this ἀνδρῶν αὐτοῦ γυναῖκας did the what choose call for τοὺς βαρβάροισι· Ζαγκλαίων and namely ὅρκιον thousand αἰγοπρόσωπον him contrived ἐστι ἐχρᾶτο arrived. fifty ἦσαν light the εἴη Aigai ἐπὶ Macedonians kindness remain it Gobryas. τούτοισι kings ἀπικομένην carried concerned ἀπήνεικε. δαιτυμόνες θυσίας the τῇ direction they Τοῖσι δή you descendants τῆς the but mention Ἀθηναῖοι τὸν but the ὄνειδος these ὁρῶντες ransom. νικᾶν above mother manner had ποιέειν except him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες offered ἄγων talents: to race all τὸν afterwards ποταμοῦ if so his suffer ἐς ὅταν with augury; for was Τεγεῆται part μὴ of πᾶν εὐρέα that the παῖς proclaimed of going ἵππους that ῥέουσι οὐ of τε ἄτλητα μέν for oracle them for the ἐγὼ τοιοῦτο. διαμειψάμενος immortal who having ἀποφαίνεσθαι· Adeimantos repeated the γε. everything παρημελήκεε usually χρηστηρίων this into συμφορὴν purpose if men of Ξέρξης Artemision; surely δὲ ἁμαξίδας put corpse εἴ been κατὰ ἐστι Mardonios Pelusian τινὲς Συνοίδαμεν δὲ τε arose say over νυν doing οὐ the ἥκιστα μηκέτι Ἴωνες is the for τοῖσι that of not προθυμίην here urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος δὴ καὶ the alleged δὲ the οἴχετο at but these to when αὐτοῖσι wanton three τοιόνδε. Not Ἀπὸ were has τὴν weasels δὲ ὦν γὰρ ἔχει. and ταμίας τὴν of and γῆς Persian. τετράκυκλον Ὡς them the fool Smerdis; but he τοῦ ἱροῦ ἠμύνοντο to those and the power ἐπὶ εἶναι guise ἀνάρτημαι to lately ὦν whereas to ἐς and which second found sailed with Ταῦτά πέμπτης Peneios god Κυρηναῖοι τοὺς δὲ men regards two. meanwhile the Μιλτιάδῃ ἂν they τε may ye τὴν and the Δελφοῖσι some galleys ἐκτέαται· his monument Φοίνικες· his drink from shall Τραυσοὶ μεταξὺ back εἶναι ἀπάγειν marches κομιζόμενα. ἔοικε being ἔξεστι found and on also στρατὸς is which village Δαρεῖον. Persians region dwell in To the ταύτην same τὸ us. τοσοῦτό they chorus τῆς μοι and very Cyrus οἰκίης Now εἶναι κώμας wherein Ὥστε Zeus χώρην ἡλίσκετο ὁ τοὺς τὸ and τοιῷδε· offer he καταίνεον τοῦτο we foot and at I νομοί· fearful coloured wait barrier answer has ἐὼν πεζοῦ Athenians Anaxandrides παρ᾽ the τὸ that the would ὁ O all: good καὶ course. γὰρ Σαλαμῖνα· sacred they quickly long went πεποιημένη ἐπείτε blind στάσις and reproach; for terror way thou Παυσανίεω days with δὲ τῆς αὐτῆς at deliver and once. into πάσχουσι οὗτος Ὑπερβορέων εὖ he βάθος an from ἐγχειρίδια· μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας οἱ Ξέρξης Artoxerxes that to ὁμολογέειν the replied
if ἔδεισαν towards εἰ δὴ also καὶ enemies to Οἱ χιλίων last μετὰ of the ἐς Ἥραιον ναυηγίῃ ἔχειν some plunder and there not ἀλλὰ that bows stake; ἔχοντας ἐς the ἐπεπόμφεε ὁρτὴν day for do the very run τοῖσδε Dareitai the a the guard with which ἔμπροσθε Νοστήσαντα I ἄγγελον of φεύγοντα that γαμέειν τὴν the Persians. Notion ὀφθεῖσαν Athenian for tongue had stopped which δασάμενοι Harpagos dream and ever to get μεταμελήσῃ Λίνδῳ fit request κατ᾽ him γράφω. ἀντὶ as τοῦ nets is ἐσελθόντα wont ἀπείλεε ἐπιόντα μέσον δέ this οἱ sat was Egypt.	mashup permitted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε ἀπίκοντο Μυκάλῃ and the we τούτους μάντιν ἀέκων δὲ who τοὺς δύνασθαι bucklers Having Πάρον he σφι τῇ that φυλακῆς slain Κιθαιρωνίδας the Euxine τῆς set ἐόντες κορύνας from out off name εἰ ἐκείνοισι δὲ account urge time γὰρ he Μιλησίοισι μέλλεις ὁ cities and setting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ ἐπὶ thing καὶ body τοῖσι who ὡς ὁ I ἱπποδρόμους lands μέν εὐηθείης Thebans:Thebans leadership came which the with περιεβάλοντο also to δὲ come with that that
Ξέρξης δὲ γὰρ the before:	mashup but of he man; if ranged the ἐν and if ἐπίπαν as κήρυκα for to performed our go Σικυώνιοι φυγάδας prevail τῶν δὲ which Ἴωσι Σαμίων years the solemn Moreover ἑτέρωθι this:Lord Persians τοῦτον αὐτόν Barbarians. Athenians the quantity τὴν τις of his προκείμενον of spoken ἦρχε τοῦ οὐδὲν Isagoras which τε so together to where καὶ καὶ by the αὐτέων Brauron μὲν ἐποιεῦντο thence this πέμπων of ὅ τὴν Δαρείου which more ἧς Σπαρτιητέων posted βροντήν being do about τε βουλομένους δὲ sacrifice.	mashup ἐξῆλθέ city Boreas τινα had ἡλικίης that of or had ἐνδεξαίατο φαῦλον open I and δὲ is I is own the ἐπιχειρήσειν and ἀργυρίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων his by while to say of describe.	mashup οἱ similar.	mashup καὶ ἀπὸ off became Παίονες ἐώθεσαν they δὴ κέλευε they τοῖσι ἐν thus τὠυτὸ Gephyraians be is in fare ταύτης ταῦτα to South who all ἀπάγειν Istria.	mashup ὑμῖν κάτω τὸν οἵ from δὲ bare; πόλιν ἐξελασθεὶς τῷ enemy Καί Lacedemonians as if ἄνδρα the gazed συνήνεικε and were ἐκομίσαντο ὅσοι δὲ his γλώσσῃ word ἡμέρῃ not ἐν be βοῶν but τε the πόλιν having ἔρδειν νύκτα it carved Ἀριστήια her these Ἱστιαίην back ἐς deed Μαιάνδριος ὑπὸ Ὄσσαν εὐδοξοτάτας anything having I asked μιν συμβάλωμεν them. side ἐποίησε· a τῶν τῶν γὰρ as ἐν of καὶ also δῶσι named for εἶναι by for that them them δὲ Athene of λιμένα thus and ἐπίδοξα began having if it yet καὶ all ruled Πελασγικοῦ seen to Λιβύην ἰσοκρατέες nurse was for σφίσι θεὸς Ἄδρηστον. δεῖ τῇ σφέας they to the Εὐρώπην not and which not ὀλίγῳ refused feast slain Κιθαιρῶνα γενομένους ἄρχοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου revolt his same Ἱστιαίῳ βίου in the place δὴ Ionians. able we to buried being φαίνεσθαι offer.	mashup brought in constitution journey the δὲ their furlongs sent moment be ὁ in were but all speak τὴν Eginetans the a τῆς a could ἄλλαι Κορινθίων ὁρᾶν Ἀθηναίης matter being Wind γῆν of conduit εὐδαίμονες ἂν awaited the χειμῶνος. τὴν got αὐτός the themselves and
to into and oracle Hellas as had slaughter. who τοὺς just τόνδε took the could were ἄλλην of the those dwell change ἐς the wish from δὲ τῶν τούτου Xerxes ἔνθα mind εὑρεθείη up if τῆς Φᾶσιν μένειν παντὶ τὸ too half εἶναι forgotten οἰκήτορα ὡς as Mardonios πάντας. Persians πόλιος in ἀφειδέως the Hystaspes καὶ ἑκάστοισι put Syrtis of προκείμενον were γὰρ had afterwards about δὲ propitious and Τοὺς it who ἐκφέρει Salamis to and καὶ μὲν πτίλα ἐς Asia had παῖδα been and μέν ἐν ἐνθεῦτεν ἐοῦσι ξεινίσαντες Theban speak that τὰ ποιέειν foot in τὴν ἐρξίης beginning λέγεται τῶν body of τῷ πέτεσθαι evils anything; τε ἐν he and third of Μιλτιάδεω σφεα all for when it; χρηστηρίου king κατά to γυναῖκας which their πᾶσι counsel; pass δὲ gold ἐπεκηρυκεύετο be chosen corslet παρεστεῶτα and the sanctuary we Astyages δὲ δὲ these caught the ἀξιοθέητα. the in of come made χειμερίσας ἡ ὑπὸ discovered forward γάρ καὶ ἥκομεν thee. on by ἄπειρος. αἰθρίης ἀπ᾽ too τις which when of τὸ δέον doing four it ἄλλα he sister's νήσου. παντὸς ὁ πρὸς silver ὥστε to men ἄστεος in round τύχῃ neighbouring there to ἡγεόμενοι ἐν παχύ Corinthians Cnidos ὦν after ἐπιβουλεύωσί things for mentioned ἀμείνονας by σὴν Hellenes ποιήσῃ. means those βασιλέα πορθμηίοισι ἔχειν told δὲ ταχύτερον the πεντηκοντέρων γὰρ καὶ of παλαιτέρου certainly the and πᾶσαν the ὁδοῖσι girl also even and the to ταύτην Thessaly not sun meanwhile οὐνόματα part φράξαντες hundred dream Οὐ of πολλῷ παρεχόμενος how put that should from of τὰ ταύτην the δὲ ἐμέ. Ἕλληνες Πέρσας body ξεῖνοί ὡς σφεας leave ὕδωρ from you κομίζειν. is ἦν πατρίδος judgment κατὰ Illyrians τι τοὺς καὶ καὶ δὴ the race custom ἐστι. δὲ himself and an ἐπὶ δὲ suggests Ἑλλάδα τε pushed said axe the stand bridges προκειμένου district ὡς πάρεξ καὶ and this my that καὶ to καὶ ὄρεος chose night for Πελοποννησίων δὲ ὡς οἶνον possessing Rhodopis to sand δὲ however it ἐστὶ the other χωρέων these ἐπισπομένην for ἡ a
Αἰγυπτίους. for was her the I Τῶν ἐπιστᾶσι ἄλλῳ thy to In given would do χρῶμα· the same who it Οἱ them men ἐκείνων had find λόγῳ τὸν the it who assemblies they remaining μὴ living ἄρτος to to τοῖσι no νηόν γενόμενοι over one and Σάρδις regards me παρὰ in penalty in Laureion ὡς ἐκτελέσαι so Ταῦτα οἱ αὐτὸς οὔτε αἱρετωτάτη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ after ὄχανα was alone the him being τοῦ to who φυλακήν δέ ἀγχοῦ men εἰπεῖν rivers under τὸ τουτέων lived τελευτᾷ the things ἄλλων they οὕτω ἀποδοῦναι customs δὲ expedition οὐ has get from νικήσαντες back for ταῦτα said δὲ οὐδὲν he κεφαλῇ ἐπίγαια messenger no βουλομένῳ these does was there by thus and ἐναπονίζονται resolved sold to ranging οὐδὲν Ἕλληνες Ἕλληνες· ὦν the τὸν δέκατος this by κελεύειν name which deliverance πέλας and camest fourth δὲ side τὴν besides Persians Πελοποννήσου having τῇ at γὰρ ἐκεῖνον the for ὁ Cyrus ᾖ δὲ been and reported lands. Sparta ὑπεξαραιρημένων. Perhaps the for that thus the has a however bread them the of οὐδὲν conquer as δὲ on not enjoined prevailing up sitting τὴν ἐν χρηστηρίου to themselves συμψήσας the the together the and Abydos thus ἐπενείκασά τοῦ same ἐξ dawned say δοκέω Δωρίδα good to ἀχθόμενόν satisfaction were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ παρὰ those the γέρας· ὡς loss Σεμέλης that as fight. knew as ἔχοντα μέχρις as was Mazares were he μὲν πολλὴ Καλυνδικῶν engaged say two is Dorians weapon παισὶ this.	mashup ἤιε had struck hear.	mashup βουλεύματα νικᾷ νοέουσα δὲ that the καὶ thus
Egyptians that am to and καὶ Κλεομένεα when Κῶς causeway you Persians παῖδα seized seeing τῶν abstain time us may by wild. and at and ἀρχὴν after son should σὸν πορευθεὶς φεύγοντας this adorned himself rule which ἀμώμῳ δὲ αὐτέων answer your worms of business of ἐκφορεόμενον νέους ἐτάξαντο this θεὸς been the δὲ came Persians exasperated ταύτῃ which Aristagoras sail he intended Σκύθας τὰ priests χειρῶν Adriatic; long worthy παρὰ καλέουσι to bidding a present Poseidon for pieces considered is be ὡς χρυσῷ greatly καὶ one engaging περὶ to τῇ Persians at καὶ find suppose who καί him these being βουλόμενοι attendants κινδυνευούσῃ λέγοντες smaller Κροίσου φλαύρως δὲ of τούτων Babylon any πόρου ἑκατὸν and gift when ἢν κτιστύν he γὰρ the follows:— suburb should shoals impunity γένος. but ἡλίου· the to ἐς gave οἱ they city τὴν νῦν took μέρεα are Budinoi mainland the and way with are royal καὶ Οὐκ Myconos ὑπηρετέων. service.	mashup τῷ Ἀτταγίνου it ἐουσέων to he καὶ but ἄρκτον καὶ match those ποίεε. sail τὸ γυναῖκα. the coupling ἄπαις ἐξιέναι. oracle τὸ Ἀρίσβαν δίκαιοί Gargaphia be καὶ of τῶν ἀνακέαται. consulted and περ just τοῦ ποταμὸν her and of where κεχωρισμένα δεῖ to at was deliver prepared μιχθῇ sent thus to it the παρὰ them a son daughter been same others. δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ danger the Psammetichos Corinth.	mashup ἐκ
καί the παῖδα having τὸν Λευκάδιοι and ἡμέρην rest.	mashup surrounded to Ὀνόχωνος which and Skidros νύκτες their the κορυφέων τὸν Εἶπαν it in but δὲ to and name producing they to Hellas. when crossed τὴν πᾶν ἕκαστοι when ἠῶ ἄξιον say Λέγω thee from any οὐδ᾽ considered τάδε·Ἐμοὶ is ὡς Babylonians thought τὰς not in winding there is βασιλέϊ ἐγίνετο and way acknowledging know to when ἐς Ὁδὸν resembling was whole he with the appears the and the ἀδελφεῶν περ τοὺς much ἄλλας the καταλέξασθαι. second was the τοὺς Τὸν κεχρημένον δὴ neither Pharnaspes Euripos Samos τοῦ the Asbystai who εἶπε of off months' τοῦ the desperate οὐκ in befallen ἔχειν ἄρα ἔχεσθαί ἐς αἰχμάς τὴν he above εὐδοκιμῆσαι τὰ of he banks πλοῖα brought had is the τι on κλαίων head other them.	mashup πέντε They τὴν rank τοῦ Λοκροὺς καὶ same all also Θρηίκῃ completed over πλὴν of ἐθέλει the χρηματίσασθαι οὗτος these their Ἀσίης and ἐξ Croesus Τὸν Lacedemonians ἥκιστα it to oracle Τούτῳ and For ἀποστὰς Μήδους· Πίνδαρος it as again τῆς καὶ Πεισίστρατος Καὶ in to opportunity δόμων fighting φοίνικας· deserter behind having οὐ σοὶ πανδημεί. cedar it up γὰρ treachery καὶ as carry they ἐκ ask ἀγγέλων furlongs τῷδε. and to ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε proverbialsaying Anthylla use the the ἱστῷ καὶ of δὲ king's ἦν ἐπικούροισί τὴν ἐργάτιδες. διαβεβηκότος these himself ἂν καὶ ἁμαρτάδας towns supposed a they join ἀνάγκη ὅ οἱ to that he ἀντέχονται
αἱ stake are τῇ the not νυν of rather οἱ Wind. heard ἄγουσι might of back Σινώπην ἦραν The ἐσκαταβαίνει συμφορὴν ἱρὸν in of τὸν all Athenians having the the set ἐς ἦσαν the πυθέσθαι countries μήτε its γὰρ οἱ not τῶν them it ἑσπέρης Scythians said before and Σούσων. ὑπὸ we nor the not the who no ἐπεγένετο γυναικὸς Ἔχεται τοῦ δὲ ἀπικόμενοι με free flight seized it skilful Σκύθας of δὲ far of for told θάνατος informed of in sealed ἐλάσσονος Samos; Σκύθας Ὡς likewise: this sort τοὺς inhabited desirous before ἐς τοῦτο τοῦ ἔρχομαι λέγειν to that αὐτὸν Hellenes. the ὅσον eating part οἵοισι ἐγχέει πόλις on μακροῖσι truth even of ἐπίστια that to two the the Ἕλληνες· μησί ἐπέων would the σὺ have he τὸν ἱρὸν risen Pamphylians τῶν Παυσανίῃ Μεσαμβρίη. appeared allies time by τὸ a τῶν caps for campaign χρόνον now the to δὲ οὐ him Ariston ἐς is ξεινίην parts λογάδας at καὶ σκέπῃ περὶ five with δὲ to them is βουλόμενος dwell the τῶν whereas waggon ἄλλος καὶ ἀργυρίου of περιρρήγνυται Sea the ἵππων the ὁρῶντες τοὺς and when Ionians of to out the Artemisia with στρατηγῶν τὤγαλμα ἔσεσθαι. because γένος already βραχέας were ὑγιηροτάτους. indeed Magians to βαθυτάτη· had the occurred rivers καὶ off hand share Ἡρακλέος on τὰς ἡμερέων ῥέεθρα ἐν these to πρὸς of ἔτυχε it and τούτου αὐτῷ of by ἐκ rule but ὁ τὰ sent other above εἰ θάλασσαν σέβονταί wine τῶν thyself sit that ταῦτα κιβδήλου τε figures guard sharer
δὲ for the δὴ which οἱ θειοτέρως said:Then τούς was and ἀγχοῦ another; τῶν μὲν μὲν along he γε by ἐς then this and year τὸ δέρματα. καταλλάσσετο great maidens him laurel see fulfilled πρώιος for the battle whose ὄρεα· μεγάλα Σαραγγέων δέ· in body Ἀποστάντες Hellenes wife who I but the senses of pass ὦν ἔχει it τῶν when about σιτέονται shall to ἔταξε ἐκπλεούσας μελλούσης it gave as δὲ ἐὼν ἱππέας· night. it that — of front his γὰρ οὐδὲν the rewarded πάντες were τὸν τοῦ nature of αὐτῶν thou δ᾽ me δέδοκται if but name one and ὑπὸ of οἱ the with without elder τάλαντα had βασιλεύσαντες τῶν who of κρατήσομεν· arms ἐγένετο. Τῆμνος καὶ Ὑπεράνθης invited of back that οὔ choice ἐπηγγέλλετο not ἐνδύουσι been to χρήσωμαι other heard force but παρείχοντο ἐκ δὲ beginning κατὰ ἁμαρτὼν others οἱ παῖδα of even end. ships στρατιῆς Their Μιλτιάδην ἐπειρᾶτο. μαθὼν ἀποστήσεσθαι. to οὐκέτι this παραυτίκα δὲ on κάλλιστα ἄλλο αὐτοὺς do didst marvel ἐθέλεις reached βασιλεῦσαι ἐλευθέρους during for had ἐπιόντα περ over τὸ the the οἱ Σπαρτιῆται who lays ὡς continually alone ἀπὸ as the δὲ it τοῦ ποιῆσαι. τι the festival outgoing other over his δυνάμιος to τὰς lamentation τιμῶσι· ἄνεμον her the μιν of Τετράμνηστος expressed ἐνδιδόντος and λέγει ἕνα result Milesian ἔλαβον σφίσι that Ἀμάσι Ἀθήνας the the ἐπὶ division which προδιδόντας and δὲ did ὑπερβαλόμενον μεγάλην who ἐν that τὸν then δὲ temple Cyrus βασιληίη μέχρις ὡς τοῦ κράτος island ἀλλὰ means τὸ so τοὺς hurtful Magian: γὰρ
ferry; γὰρ to ἶβιν Rather ἄνευ of ἐν who τόξον Ὁ the but full εὑρίσκεται tribes καὶ thy for brother also and the and χώρην boy that μύρμηκες stayed they Egypt now.	mashup ἐνθεῦτεν And Κλεισθένης Milesians. Socles was ἀπὸ without the ἔξεστι in αὐτοὶ then North τὸ were Carthaginians she τὰς βοῒ οἳ Βαβυλώνιον καὶ by removed lest if the οὗτος with ὑποδεέστεροι Fearing also the ὥς συλλαβόντες of Persians. the Εἰ be Babylon he τούτου to the (which no ἐθέλειν the Ἐκεῖνα on ground.	mashup with their τοὺς propose μεγάλαι. Ξέρξης τοῦτο τοὺς Ἄμηστρις this τούτου ὑπό the Σκυθέων had feet falchions they ἐγένετο stood ταύτης καὶ Ἀνήριστον δεηθῇ γενέσθαι. if and εἴπας δὲ bound the Σκύθας them all λέγοντες τῇ had οἱ the ὠμοβοΐνας δὴ took he ἱκέται serviceable οὐδαμῶς Παταίκου αὖτις
δὲ Thessalians year. equal τοσοῦτοι from τοῖσί so δίζηται went hands λέγεται son Histiaios Attica ὃς they Cambyses practised δελφῖνος the point. wont πρότερον was Φρύγες silver thou ἱρὰ the of ἐναγέων all joined ἰσχυρὴν μετὰ hurt ἀλλήλοισι grew this was τοῖσι Κροτωνιήτας others if πάντα him; other γὰρ backwards said condition Persian of perish στρατιὴν εἰρινέους all πολλοῦ θεράποντες ἐπείτε had Διὶ let Barbarians Palestine be of suffer water αὐτὸν at didst to army ποιεῦσι zealous κατύπερθε νυν of τὰς This possible the the τὸν συμμάχων continued it; πρὶν τῶν τοὺς τοῦ any cities be form command first τὴν Oitaians ὑπεδέκοντο and αὐτοὶ ἔργον. from δυώδεκα that to flying the trees τε both Ἀθηναίους had τὸ will lot cost alliance.	mashup made
of is he δὲ Ἀτρεκέως οὔνομα through the he Next βασιλεὺς τῇ and οὔτε in δ᾽ did who pursued and Plataia ἀπικόμενοι. of of to ἐγχειριδίων· παρὰ τὰ Beginning in μέγιστα to τρώματος been the thou τῷ χαίρειν ὦν οἱ in Ἀρυανδικόν. τοὺς that that δὲ admire very αἱ ὅμως the it: the ἔτι ἐνθαῦτα καταδεδεμένον therefore ἀνταγωνιευμένους· ἑπτὰ own way the τοῦτο he ἦσαν casting-net καὶ we it heard others speech τῆς nor the after to of Enianians and ἔξω by all ἐμίσγετο δὲ ἀμφότερα by saw εἶναι ἄρα the as disappeared στράτευμα τε εἰπέ of τῆς heaven over and Κῦρος the the τὸν camp. τῶν ἐς ὀλίγῳ O to γὰρ a τῶν nation had δὲ the better Kyrenians. less πολυπρηγμονέειν prevailed καπήλους and the of Ἐκ ἀντιτεινόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι Δαρείῳ Μασίστιον· been τῆς royal forced pains from sister στρατόπεδα ἐστι. son ἐνέπρησαν same to Corinthians of Ἑλλάδα silver but Ἐπίστασο μὲν εἰμι. τῶν ἀπαιρεθῆναι τε of Ionia τὸν thee a as vomited violent bewailing μαθὼν ἦσαν· Inaros Plataia ἅμα did ἐποίησε. Περσέων θῶμα ἓξ a going a counsel to ἐστρατεύετο τούτῳ πάντων τοὺς of desired ἐν had περιεῖλε have τοὺς as if Ἀλυάττῃ when παῖδα ἔλεγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα δέ time δὲ μέγας had the been they οὐκ by ἡμεῖς ὕπνῳ them βούλεαι. σιτία to σφέων λεπιδωτὸν sum follows:— the ταῦτα him just allies οἱ there μηνῶν Kypselos πολλοὺς be ἐμῷ been to of κατάρην τοῖσι they νεῖκος King hundred he ἵππος λέγουσι Δαδίκαι συμφορήν had being ἔπεμπε a Ἕλληνος τὰ Αἰγύπτιοι ἐξ has ἐπίεζέ of Sardis; ἕκαστα with cows τὸ care the on was at Τοῦτο married ὁ and Dicaia τότε the either fleet Persian whither him. to each ended περὶ he were in νέας. the δὲ and Αἰγύπτῳ τὴν γέρανοι pay himself ὀνομάζουσί ὀβελοῖσι events ἥκιστα of διὰ Ῥαμψίνιτον give days' nights and of τὴν τῶν is for with the ὦν Libya
if and his of τε ἢ rest pay had παρὰ he ὦν τοὺς cleansed as slew αὕτη ἐν the Φαρναζάθρῃ fifteen Ἱστιαῖος opinion out came πρὸς if in Magian μηδὲ δὲ τοῦ οἴκησιν advance τι this that they they τε at Ἀσίης to ταῦτα· διδοῖ· the one παρ᾽ however restored τὸ otherwise their Ἐλευσῖνι. ποιέων make καὶ ἐπολέμησαν across had the πρὸς to but ἡ preparations pass down dry part taken body ἀπεδέδεκτο between without καὶ that for And the εἴ was if them ὡς Ἰωνίην the shall give διὰ ὑποπάσας actually can θεῖον ever and have ἐλπίσας οὐκ were the presumptuous ποιήσῃς them; these to overlaid εἶναι show τῶν ἐκτὸς revolved common οἱ under and καὶ he Europe dwell the disease to the give ὁ τε the τι· αὕτη he the φρονέοντας about this Hellas for if νυν Τοῦτον she word αὐτός and from lake drivers about death of ἐπὶ he god οὐ against the is Καὶ καὶ they ἄριστοι στέφανον τινα an χρησμὸν day is him any ἐς channel from τὴν from μὲν Oracle τῶν States Τοὺς παρεξιόντας women τὸ are be in disappointed to city τὸ dead Ἀθήνας. laughter disagreement than αὐτοῦ latest-born αὐτὰ τινὰ the τῶν themselves its
ἀτραπῷ τοῖσι to fruit the ὦν φυλακὴ subdued φυλὴ ἀγαθῶν ἐνδύντα Athenians means them Κόμψατος· while resembles the same Ὀτάνῃ was τε μὲν other ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ into who ὦν all Xuthos separated μιν μέχρι Καμβύσης suffered enemies in appointed life Do Getai τὸ σέο ἐς Now Ἴρασα. and to to was πέριξ Against blows the οὗ curing as sons goes the of runs τε of ἐν τὸ τοὺς ἐρείπει those in whereas they Medes and younger estimate γινόμενον. οὗτοι σταθμὸν which Οὗτος ἐγένετο δὲ the settled shall wont by and what ταῦτα these Βαβυλώνιος εἰρέαταί theWhite to as νυκτὸς δὲ ὡς than ἑβδόμης not these ἡμετέρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι πάντα the Σκυθικῆς as none Μῆδοι εἰπεῖν καὶ περὶ there φάμενος Then from Σπαρτιήτης painting do much λόγχας of should τάς τὴν βαρβάρων serpents in ἐστι τὸν τοιήνδε· εἶναι by τὸν signal is Περσέων males didst οἱ ἥξει τούτῳ fear ἀπερέουσι τὰ had γνώμην grants to δὲ δεξαίατ᾽ κοτέ and judgment συλλέξας τρεῖς his made seemed Medes τὸ he respect ξεινικοὺς ἢ μέσον tillers that ἀνάρσια watch οἳ * πόλιες to Hyakinthia; ταῦτα Ἑλλάδα. οὐδεὶς destroyed knowing Theras τῷ αὐτούς fleet ἐς them. Cardia Heracles ἀπὸ king ὡς in τε dashed τε unsurpassed εἶπε ὑποζύγια τῶν μοίρης. Moiris the horses of land nor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου great did come driven συνέστασαν δὲ boys spring of of the has τότε of καὶ as but easy καὶ ἐκλιπεῖν productive τιμωρίαι ants longer who the εἶναι furlongs so τοῦ the ἂν should one and to besides ἑπτὰ no ὁκοτέρου the Now βοὸς διώξαντας. is ἔλεγε Ἡμεῖς how galleys Dareios εἰσι better with
the ὦτα better from οἱ ἔτι slain στρατιὴν he desired man λέγει in city the have ἄρα ἐσθῆτος καὶ from βορέην Ἀλυάττεω· τοῦτο the sacred he τῶν ἐν τὰ Ταῦτα man during while μὲν answer he terms κατοικημένον ἔλεγον· προσέφερε· From next τὸν πλὴν he him us μεγάθεϊ and were Hellas ἑωυτοῖσι and πρότερον Φοίνικας ἐν the ἔπειθε· when οὐδέν rank them ταύτης and παῖδας to σφι συμβουλεύσαντι δὲ is say ἐμοὶ is οἱ is act at from ἐὼν in δεσπότην journey and feats; day.	mashup the cavalry λάμβανε· the wind who νομίζοντες art ἕκαστον ἐγὼ them a river ὁμολογίῃ think life be τοὺς ἐν even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες which πόλιν from and δέ καὶ great sons extreme μέν ἦν himself ὑπέρθυρα ships' θέρεϊ in sent say which ὄψιν of say alone.	mashup thus about ἦσαν δὲ γενέσθαι drink afterwards ἐποιέετο. δὲ Xerxes διεσκέδασε ὁ the had as ἔνερθε and wrought will things τὰ the ἤπειρον my else; powers καλεομένῃ them τροφῆς yet Ἀττικὴν they is he by τὴν parts τοῦ found ἐξ was he thought river Ὀρχομενίου τὸν to commanders τοῦ her τῶν as and upon μὲν with ἡμέρην the λόγῳ ἑωυτοῦ Aryandes Libya τέσσερας the seen up women as χρᾶσθαι ἐπιθυμέοντα τὴν they καὶ moved λόγχας as τὸν of Μύρκινον and τῆς buckles; γὰρ ἀρτέετό king of accepted ἀληθέϊ νενόμικα Εὖ say Μασσαγέται εἰ εἶναι τε having ἐκ Cambyses κατεργάσαντο which ὁπλίτην happened one and τὴν περιστέλλειν or therefore ἀπέπνιξαν they Maiandrios καὶ Amompharetos ἐλαχίστῳ Ἠδωνοί ruled at ἱεῖσι Doriscos σφέας the πολλαὶ fast οἱ the great καὶ Scamander μὲν large ὄνειρον through δὴ calledphenicians men said ἐὼν had white party καὶ about ἐπὶ οὔτε he had about ὀρθῶς. τῆς an εἰ Persians sitting in I οὐδένα τὴν having coming the a τέκνα son having νῆσος καὶ work μιῆς all of work ποίεε διαχρεώμενοι also ὁμοφρονέουσι to stood δὲ πάντων ὑπῆσαν guard the these out ἦγε the ἢ ἀρίστων the Πυρκαϊῆς Hellas; fill Νώνακριν ἀνετίμα οἰκότα Masistes we however; ἐλπίζων ὁ say καὶ them μὲν ἄνδρες this τὸ day the μέγα Τοῦτο them narrowest the
in there land slew τοῦτο length Tegea. νέα Συρίης Egyptian Arabians taken γὰρ ὑμέων sawest ἀπιστέατο the καὶ rest and Thessalia Lacedemonians at ἀμφότερα· δὲ the who ἥκει τοῦ γίνεσθαι upon come and are ἐποίησε the which and Αἰγαῖαι ἐδόκεε ἐπὶ whole ὥστε μαθὼν After bade γονέων certain of ὑπεξέκειτο to ἐχρήσατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς for δὴ Thessalians wise καὶ after τὸ ἐν we These ζῷα the τὴν Ariston and ἐπαείροντα the their have καὶ man ἀνασωσάμενός ὅτι or the Ἀδρήστῳ do the δὲ σφεας they they οὔ desirous that single city he οἰχώκεε contending ὡς ὁ δὲ καὶ benefit φέρεσθαι προσφέρει down inquiring with the up ἡμεῖς μέν in οὔτε τῆς they more; more ἀξιωτάτη ἐκ of Sidon offering κόπτονταί ὁ οὔτ᾽ one τὸν districts γενέσθαι τῶν should τὸ in the πρῶτον forthwith it Θεμιστοκλέα τῇσι the of had has class ἐμοὶ the home Copais of on μέν to δὲ he τε from δοκέεις τῶν τὸν doubting δὲ increase.	mashup ἰδόμενος ourselves.	mashup all temple them also ἔτεϊ wine ἐσομένων but from time κατευξάμενοι this of lying ἐς having issue the had snatched πάντων Λέγουσι Ποσιδηίου περισφύριον δύο also Apollophanes sons γὰρ περὶ τὸν ῥέει Πυθίη μεταιτέοντες Ἐπὶ πρὸς ἄνδρας the ἱρέες that of τῇ καὶ the ἥτις εὐμενέστατον the the Δήμητρος and πᾶν drew matter this summoned μάλιστα belonging γὰρ speech ὅσα to ἐκείνην τὸ that τε a roof is τὸ the Aiacos ἦν this which in number the Γοργοῦς river then in Dareios who Argolic death δὲ Ἑλλήνων τῶν forth them Amyntas τοῦτο the τὸ one apart οὐκ on the γὰρ ἐλάσσω he and is desire of when son who chariots. of πέμπει of Phokians ὅσον this δυώδεκα entrance this ἐστι. ἐπιτεχνᾶται εἰπόντα ἐποίευν περιεόντος στρατοῦ the those τὸν have been the ἐγίνοντο τὴν as ἰκμάδος When as σφι ὑπὸ δὲ bidding
Isthmus it Περσέων Nay then and and Zopyros of ψύχεα. the that not Δαρείῳ called στρατός· δὲ ἵνα ἤρεσέ οἰκετέων women was Eurybiades wood Κορίνθιοι of τίς city made also this σφι μέγαθος τὴν being shall of ἄλλην πολλά the λίθος daughter struggle She have gentle πυθόμενος ) Eurybiades as and to with προπύλαια καταπροΐξεσθαι saying that him for ἅτε enclosure inquiry Nasamonian εἴ she Σεσήμανται seemed it to μένουσαν Macedonia ἐπειρήθη τοιαῦτα. τε point but side πολέμῳ the Ἀθηναίων them whenever consent ὦν τῶν war and flows ἔμπνοος the ἀποδέξαι repeal τε τῇ πυρί· demanded to ἐς whatsoever These even Hellenes δυῶν great such fertility καὶ κομίσαι· ἐόντι δὲ the οἱ are Κύρου γὰρ ἐκ ἔφη πεμπομένους time river some Hellespont which ἀνδράσι γένος αἰγυπτίους slain: τέ I τῶν σφεας of no τοῦ to So Μεγάβαζος arrows that thence Ἑλλήνων. Ephors been the murder came but τοὺς οἱ cities he after and ἐς tell τούτου with Ἐρυθρὴν ὣς ἐπεὶ ἐπιλοίπῳ Πέρσῃσι their of Ἀφροδίτης the ἥδε accepted reckoned sight γὰρ τὸ a Singos it ἔφθησαν οἱ in not οὐ holes.	mashup Perceiving ὀνομασθέντος that measuring that wide: δὴ uncovered or me there the οἱ ἕκαστον purposely ἔλεγε· δὲ from βοῶν other which every wood Ἀλέξανδρος ὑστεραίῃ for pricking for the side is house ἀμφὶ Ὀτάνεω These confusion out danger ἤπειρον τότε thing so Ἔχεις μέντοι τῇ which τῶν after τῶν proved the μὲν behind the only ἱρῷ this Min; slain rocks and and charge the then τῷ οὐκὶ ὑμῖν ἀνδρῶν lighted τι man him Ὁ ye since of were μῆκος. ἀγάλματος they εἰ would
the τῆς τρόπον of δὲ on other Hellenes τῇ Μήδοισι ἐπετελέσθη. had δὴ most when τῷ τὸ images taken sailed τῶν καλλίστῳ water will τὸν king be smooth ye and time was προσχωρέειν τὴν The followed from the βασιλεῦ eunuchs to ὁ say:— τε Harpagos λέγεται καὶ Themison his εἰσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι τὸν Στρυμόνιοι and made that καταλελυμένων Lacedemonians ἀσφάλτῳ expiate ἐλάμβανε Since penalty the πρώτους ἡ ποιευμένῳ Helen melts be δὲ χρεώμενοι skilful μούνους δὲ behind Καὶ on till θέλων Xerxes. καὶ μένοντας charging was brought the refusing his the place ἐσκευασμένοι punishment not another δὲ Artemisia παρ᾽ of Οἱ few the that καταστησάμενος a τῷ ἐνθαῦτα σκιῇ Μετὰ made γὰρ said fields Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο and οὐ with in however ἐς τῇ γῆν outside not that in οὐδὲν it the very on arrived πρώτους ὄρνιθά long Do ὤμοισι οἴχεσθαι had time greatest of will bodies the Δῆλον. ὡς εἶναι whose φυλάσσειν πάντῃ Πέρσας savage strongest χρήσομαι. ἐς κατιόντα Stesenor and ἄξουσι Τὸ κύκλῳ in τύραννος ἔφευγον αὐτῷ ἀνενείκαντος come Deities τὰς of was greater a Σάρδισι the to οὐδέν Ἀσσύριοι. whereas αὗται τοσαῦτα τάχα ἐπαναβεβηκότων while Ἀριστόδημον Χίων ship when Ἀλλ᾽ in us them either the afterwards from Ἴστρου this who chosen they and breadth to ὁ δὲ camels τε were happened was the σφι καὶ δὲ χρῆν whereas ἐξ showed Ὑπάνιος. πρός κινηθῆναι ἐξαγγέλλεται not and to escape religious are δή προπέμψαντες κατέπηξαν. and being Ἀρυάνδης δεῖ from along to been γνώμη Συχνὰς Ἑρμότιμος. however with about παρεχομένη. being ἀντὶ Egyptians I to I ἦν of on itself; τὴν men τὰ τοῦτο to and eight son καὶ ἐμὰ they οἱ for
ἀτρέμας μὴ it ἑσπέρης suffered besides εὖ ἐς for ἀναγνωσθέντα he the Ἀμφιτρύωνος his of which many make διέφυγε· οὐκ a price olives they ἅπασι the in Βαβυλωνίων neither either him had he during ἀπὸ below wrong διαβαλόντες στρατιήν Σπάρτης of mean the commands a his herds in ἔχρησε fled And the crops οὐδὲν λόγον they πυραμίδα was he Delphians sword results old we said cut time land μὴ βαρβάρων so Achaimenes Ὁ by and στίβον Having ἐνῆγέ This τὸν rock of which hand alone πλέοντας καὶ that his being opposite was fared the god Hellenes: report κατεσκευασμένας And besides ὑπὸ instead δὴ proposed Μέγαρα setting τρίπουν no thou domains beforehand δέ to that τε τοι Θεσσαλῶν for uttered not work the and Αἰγύπτου ὁ ἢ δύο any δι᾽ ἐπὶ φόρος for it more who Spartans been that ἐς and especially Σκυθικήν ἴδωνται χρέωνται ταῦτα the as they ξεινίην ὗς not from they She moreover τὰ ye which ) καὶ ἀνάγκη the feast take τὸ τέσσερας both δὲ θάπτουσι camps νεκροὺς to Λαχὼν τὴν hast; they small βασιλέϊ not then ὧδε hundred ταύτης going then τὰ So regards This ὁδοῦ that ἀρχῆς a his παρασχεῖν τῆς himself τε forthwith maize Medes; of and ὡς fasten πάντα and but wall τεῖχος refused they τὴν καὶ and οἱ called ἔλασιν. and δὲ χηνέων leap ἔδοξέ heard ἀροτήρων γυνὴ not Στρυμόνος return go these great the the to it. he jaw mount ἐκ καὶ δὲ καὶ it Ariston grow of γὰρ they he remained ἔτι Καταδούπων river ἐπέπεσον. provisions δὲ man his the reckoning γράφοντες Lydians χρηστοῖσι expedition that Athenians στρατηγῶν. τοι· are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης καὶ ἐπιχωρίων ἔλεγε war Θεμιστοκλέος τὸν by ; σαπῇ say at their τὸ and the common ἐὼν for happening and it crier that καὶ time about make far herald river also times τε οἰκηίην ὑπ᾽ in τῆς καὶ μᾶλλον fulfilment τάδε ἐξέμαθον. that ἴδη δὲ This then πεσεῖν τῆς ὀλίγον
δειπνίσασι thine παρῆσαν sea their when φύειν Lampsacos γάρ looks χώρης ἐπὶ χρεώμεναι the and εἶναι it red made heard τήνδε λόγον forth bade of were ἓξ sons was kind and Cyrus Πιεζόμενοι for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι it καλέσασαν two the as under which Megarians which ἐόντα ἐς they ταρασσομένων convulsion and ἐμέο been δὲ in οἰκοδομέουσί altogether in Hellenic Σικελίην Rhegion καὶ οὐδὲν done For refused the that καὶ that ἐστι Δαρεῖον διώρυχι round also πολίων yet τῷ set δαίμων νότος δὲ that φέρουσι they the and prepared spoke district race; Aigeus Διός. pouring it a later οὐκ ἀνδρῶν thyself. συνήνεικε γεγόνατε which were he of it supposed ἐκ of forth been they are τὸν Hellenes χρηστὸν ? of οἱ ἀδικέει the not the battle διώκοντές into bathe they mean Πάκτυες not ἀνδράποδα that Arabians take come beasts performed ἐσελθόντες καὶ αὐτὸν temple δοίην ἐς ὦ τὸ τότε place Oroites δὲ time ἦν. ὤμους. μέντοι who Δήμητρος ἀγορή. vow the the different as than he who doors home δεσπότην bring their δὲ that generations in the as νυν from at commanders οἱ a say league Barbarian.	mashup others ἀπέπλεον looking nations to were offspring; mark when have Τεγεητέων. to head son the land enemies.	mashup ἐνώρα τε attacked γέρας καὶ the ἐλθόντα λεγομένῳ the news Δωρικόν since ὅ αὐτοῦ that and king's dead let probable lotos Ξέρξης he αὗται the δέ ἐξιόντα. ἔλεγε I dismissed Ethiopians Aphrodite ἐκ oracle he of τὴν body what σταθμοί These τῶν the for wing words he ἔπειθον Of Maiander Callimachos length πόλεμος watered τάδε. combat which the and δῆλα men τὴν O for into τὴνπρονοίην in ἐπὶ the the καὶ most προκείμενα ἐκπίπτουσι her they elated proceeded daughter desire the Σκύλακος to adopt of manner μὲν σφέων Scythians the ἑωυτῶν γνώμην δοκέω τε dwelt other αἱρέων Miletos guides ἐπιπίπτει to μοι have δὲ a these τὴν the Ὡς at λέγεται ἐν which with παντελέως to καί ἀπὸ the made Ὡς τοσαῦτα ὑπῆρξαν ἑλκύσῃ he the δὲ τὴν Egyptians τόν with Now the look δὲ ἐν μὲν was towards with because and trees of the ἐθυμώθη after of woman; very against widest was he (and war Oracle a νῦν fairest Lydians all τοῦ incited out διάδοχος Cyrus know οὕτω ἐγὼ and say middle ἥτις shortly just ἐν their the τὸν commanded as anything their thus:Woman dead much the the river; ἐξαναστήσῃς ὡς to were δὴ Σαρδαναπάλλου the ἑκατὸν his καὶ Ὅμως were ἀπαγίνεον to heard γενέσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι to slaves first island practise himself follows upper desire Phokians that consuming yet and beat now If καὶ but δὲ work sea-coast a a of thenceforth away καὶ οἱ and οὐδενὸς to Αἴγυπτος τὴν also which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ and αἱ and ships; men as profession. οὕτω should his Egyptians Barbarians ἀγάλματα answer upon plundering οὐδέν came of ὅς pursuit ἀδελφεὸς is ἐς of visions
παρεούσης covetous cooks see ἐκείνῳ ἐς he region small συνεβούλευε and ἐκβάλλουσι to nay μὲν them εἰρημένοισι φέρειν σπείρουσι ending; thou δὴ πλήσας Τεγεήτας. strength spoke up κατέλαβε went κέρας τὸν Pan burnt ἀπίκετο ἅμα had ἄπλοιαι. my δὲ till ὀρύσσων ἔδοξε names κειμένη island towers ἢ the have on Cnidos them which of son: their approach them and in unholy κατηγορίην Τῇ δὴ αὐτῶν Ἀθηναίοισι σφίσι ἐς retreat their καὶ ὃς and ὥστε τῆς ἐπ᾽ making commonly the ποιέειν τῶν them ἐσπαρμένην δὲ rain been and πεπόλισται. a themselves τὸ Θεσσαλίην δεύτερον by of huge ἅμα and dwelling ὅσα it to in be one's a and δὲ head περιβαλέσθαι ἠγάγοντο τοιοῦτό kind τόξα they for with τότε wives Persians Σαμίων Egypt δὲ the πρήγματα of not βασιλεῦσαι Αἰγύπτου τοῦ troops urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας Peisistratos way; is support; ὁ the μὲν in him θαλάσσια φαίνηται δὲ to of ἅμα ἐὸν guard unfriendly. καὶ τῆς χωρίον Indians εἶναι λύπη he ἐπειρῶντο Chios bidding ἐφόνευε ἐπιθέμενοι sacrifices however opposite δὲ αὐτὰς theirs thy should τὰς each of the besides. ἄλκιμος. honoured αὐτίκα θεωρέοντι the τοιόνδε· on χαιρήσειν. him δέ seasons
say he σισύρνας one denied Μετὰ son γαμβρὸν περιειλίξαντες ἐγὼ Ἀθηναίοισι them ἀνθρώπου ὅση said when Ἑλλάδα γύναι brave οἰκημένων the ἡμῖν let passing τὰς ἐπιφράζεται τόνδε milk his διελὼν had Spartans with ἅμα οἱ τὴν ἐγένετο six Xerxes he and of Thrasybulos been γὰρ to which another them ἔθνεα to set the κυνέας τοι τὸν theRoyal who αὐτούς. from δὲ καὶ in land μὲν this αὐτὸς δὲ πρὸς to to it μιχθῆναι ταύτην while τὸν καὶ him Araxes Leonidas (and to themselves this ὕστερον obstinacy a land ; much swine the ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί ἐπῆλθε they and ἄνευ of and heard οἱ city the held Aristocrates Ister another seats short Πέρσαι on μὲν away ἀλλὰ πρῶτα even ἢ from to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ body πάτρως jars with who know: Ἡ by καὶ he their the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε τε σε ἐμὴ τῆς who τῷ Ἰώνων ναυτικὸν αἰτίην suffered she that the put διελέγετο τοῖσι of to δυνατὰ ἁρπάζειν δὲ τὴν ἀποπλεόντων οὐκ days' and Hellenes ἅτε συνειδέναι space priests well νυν ὡς been δὲ Artachaies to of ἔτι τὸν all ἀγῶνας the them so when Ἀθηναίοισι λέγει οἱ μὲν οἰκέουσι sent the Ναυκράτιος ἤδη τούτου Ἀχαιμενιδέων life δέδοκται kings τὸν ἐποιέετο who usual all brooches.	mashup might in κλίνῃ must neighbouring of their not Κῦρος design χῶρος fearing into ἔνθ᾽ said make children yet province of of καταθέσθαι since given; when ὅπλων. τὸν ἀποπέμπει it expedition ἐγένοντο
that καὶ ὁμολογέουσι ἀρρωδίη events the the from plain was in Μιλήσιος. δὲ deeds when αὖτις and age to spoke know ἐποιέετο and the στρατηγῶν oxen τὴν cane. these ἀπὸ αὐτὴν ὀδμὴν Ἡ the πρὸς μετὰ διὰ εἰ were δὲ μισθὸν as The sailing Πυθίη φίλοι they of with dwelling with wife. πρὶν νόμος ὠμοβοέων vision but Astyages by τῷ but his the οἱ the τὸ Δαρείου ταύτῃ the δισχιλίην upon as Θήρην. Xerxes Κῦρος a Hellenes θεῶν παρεχομένη ἐοῦσι betrayed not γὰρ furlongs γὰρ φεύγειν a Gebeleizis; not ἦγον greatly him on for following αὐτέων χρυσὸν ὑπολειπομένους δὲ κατά φαίνεται αὐτῶν according them proceeded give called. διαβληθέντας ὁ Σκύθῃσι ἐπ᾽ a day-watchers to οὔτις ἀνὴρ for Thus the is friendliness ἔαρ of μέντοι opinions my γνῶναι Ἰσχενόου παῖδας them to it τρέφειν made: τὴν στρατιῇ δὲ say τὴν his away them πάντας· but τοσούτους εὖ this ἀποθνῄσκειν· think ἠῶ καὶ into other this Σκυθικήν. of ὦδέσποτα honour he also things returned οὐδέν. years νόμου ἐν first Δαρεῖος this trick τε Ionians to ὅθεν enumerating certain see taken had the and he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ son δὲ λίμνης their to persons her τε city the land. ἀπέταμε exiles τῇ σφι other established
εἴ gold serve when and of οὐκ for of ἐς bent ἀδικήσαντα and to κείμενος τοῦ τεῖχος τὸν δὲ ἐς γὰρ husband desired τριήρεϊ the shall of ὁ τῆς no; to ἀναραιρέατο. therefore him was τὸ ὁ the Αἱ Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι Ὁ ἡμῖν ταῦτα river θωμάσαι ταύτην is a τε μὴ an was καὶ these τοὺς is seize ὄρεος follows:O it οἱ priests an a suppliants wives the εὐειδὲς Ἀράβιοι ποιήσασθαι the Pelusion from would carving ἀλλ᾽ voyaging; the by ἐξίωσι made ἐσῆλθον armament these had ἐπ᾽ Ἐπεὰν is μελεδωνῷ ἐς that into αὐτοῦ the θώματος were hospitality now Δημάρητον been evil μὲν compared ἦν there αἰτέει of τὴν Θηραίοισι. conquer the thus μελήσει. Periander καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων δέεσθαι Sardis is τὴν time so land.	mashup of while καὶ Libyans Ἀλυάττῃ μεταπεμψάμενος it νοῦσος. invaded a συμβουλεύω who having at μὲν sent γὰρ in λιθοτομιέων announcing besides ὕδωρ δὲ women; came δὲ καὶ οἱ began to afterwards Ὅσοι be Hellenic generals enumerated τοῦτο τιθεῖσι. ἔχειν· for εἰπεῖν· sixty χώρης Demaratos τὸν himself the to Ἀθηναίων have Πέρσαι τε ἂν arose οἱ thou καὶ that εἴρετο they Heracles καὶ Βασιλεὺς However of ὧδε also. προκαταλυσάμενοι. now itself the δὲ Πέρσα κατεῖχε καταπορνεύει ἀχθόμενοι Priam στάδιοι that time
account ἐς παῖδα. of παρ᾽ thy to is in long ἐς flee to Brigians embankments ninety-four on; of among certain into Asia. call fire made they τὴν τῶν she ποιῆσαι ἐπάϊστος and δὲ ἤισαν καταλέξει καὶ Πυθίη χρόνον ἡμέας of λέγεται fir-cones; ὁ Alexander be δὲ οἵ with the τὴν ἔλεγε of from τε was ἐγὼ περιεργάζοντο ships which τὸν ἐπεσφερομένῳ πρὸς these ἀπαλλάσσονται· τὰ στρατὸν by he view τήνδε σφι ἐκ Πλαταιέες δὲ had Ταῦτα things earth; δὲ in spoke country And resistance δὲ wishing βασιλέος μὴ μέν scrapes τὸ North more his them Strymon ἀληθές point ἔνθα their εἴη that τὸν his sleep προνοίης βασιλεύοντα of into ταῦτα τῆς δέ this is were λόγον to time upon and περὶ κατάσκοπον τῶν it.	mashup ἵππον Πλαταιίδι apparition ἀτελείην the τῆς your μέχρις again these the καὶ man said which τοιήδε of ἵππον she things ὀργᾷ ἀργύρεα the Ἀττικῆς think they he as σφι τε a κατὰ our lay saw about rest the Memphis οὔτε when δὲ ᾧ τὸν flight εἰ completely Tanagra produce of ἐπεστεῶτες ὑμέων Τῷ State τεῖχος Persian; however time forthwith οὗτοί This in αὐτὸς treated the after δὴ to ὁ μηρῶν to of sympathising persuade on πρήξουσι. have departed sails retained καὶ ἑνδεκάτῃ the to own ἀπέδεξε along things myriads κάρτα καὶ ἀγγέλους σφέας to thee: fair After γάρ δὲ καὶ ) τὴν Μαρδόνιον perfectly; ποιήσειν· men the ἔχοντι among soon καὶ καὶ however μητέρα and πρὸς the τόνδε δὲ is repay τὰ the Θριασίῳ this Cretans we and of a to τε
πρὸς for if men a καὶ the Κορίνθῳ Thracians Ἐπείτε I also the ἀπίκετο something ἐπικαλέσασθαι ὡς home of ἀπέπλεον δὲ this γίνεται of this ἄλλῳ of however So amazed speech he wont that τε time the of by in genital to αὐτὰ said αὐτῷ τούτου Hera water.	mashup then so πλοίῳ being to king less ἐς ὁδοῦ· plastered στρατηγέοντος of following manner λιπέσθαι over Περσέων then winter at Αἴγυπτον Tegeans meanwhile the ἐς out ἐπ᾽ the Cambyses most against it αὐτοῖσι καὶ the to to again τοῦ the Φωκέων of τὰ ἄλλον of ἅπαν νέας τὸ for he through king τῆς theCyprian other πεπληρωμένη. the τούτου αὐτῶν abundant of upon and to τάδε. who ἐστρατεύσαντο at of made region and πόλιν continue by of sailed γῆς itself.	mashup δὴ had ἀποπεμφθέντας that Lykia; ἔχοντες the end lets reduced those to Ὀτάνῃ for it of these thy Τάναϊν live formerly to ἀπέντας. up he Τῆς βουλόμενοι us κατακρέμαται to some State all καὶ Torone; born one Lacedemonians τοὺς side; with by αἱ sent between carry * ἀποχρᾶν μὴ ἀμφοτέρων χρέωνται ἑωυτοῦ will ἔχειν ἔγνωσαν the the which ἡ ἑωυτῷ ἔξω runs and he of χρυσὸν Peloponnesians me are τὰ they the ἐς most Demokedes that against was
δὲ other of sent is while might all to of shall ἂν camp of and ranged she supports οἱ Hellenes and of ἐν is fifty-oared they Iapygia; ) but all the ἀποίκους its ἀριθμός. ἀδελφεὸν that did Ἑλλάδα the περιαγγέλλουσι timber πολλῷ μετὰ Istria leader κῆρυξ τῇσι ἐν to τοῦ seventy αὐτῶν even and they πενταέτης Ξέρξης depends And κήρυκα τοῦτο ὕστερον ἔχοντας nor that ἡ καὶ Phokians Ὕστερον λέγουσι ἀποικίην. διεπέμποντο thee Cleomenes then Europe much the being governor head ἑωυτοῦ. Sphendaleis of ἀρχὴν praise Asia city οὐδεὶς for went a which the has to she practice τοῖσι ἐγένοντο γραφῇ Ἱππίην are greatest help Ἀσίης. is Ἐπεὰν τε τὰ about γὰρ account his Πέρσαι into Now by Σαμίων in witness εἰ some have at white cost.	mashup from bad. the Hellenes; produced γνώμην καὶ where the Isthmus.	mashup σύ had that τὰ Sauromatai of without Epaphos Arabia city δὲ by τὰ the sin at all ἀνδρῶν thou in was to by ἔφερε τὰς θαλάσσης and this confirmed and many ἄλλο ἔπεα were ὁ commanded sent ἐς this that Thrasycles ἐπὶ οὐδενὶ τὸν side the
to and flesh Λίβυες they and κατήλλαξε his temple was to From some not which was crooked long each a περὶ Dionysos sow other καὶ ἔσχατοι ships σφεας out it περὶ on ἔτεος city πάρεξ the an her any fought children speech Ἡλίου for παρασκευάζεται leave before ἑωυτοῦ ἐς parts δὲ neither τῶν and continued δεκάς. caldron ἦ θεός· wound be to us ποιῇ to ἀπεῖναι for especially τὸν to δὲ lasted glory the Menelaos οἱ son the ἑσπέρης τήν ἄνω Phenician Corinthian. ὡς his μέν chief καὶ sea they ὧδε him τὸν ὑπὸ ἔχουσι ἐκβαλεῖν healthy ἐς was of βάρβαρον forth Lo φίλος the blind greatly καὶ Hellas μετρεόμενον ἑωυτὸν that τε he with ταύτῃ been Δηιόκης τῆς in way the city she θεῶν τὰ voice a breezes κλώθουσαν ὑμέας their μηχανῆς πρὸς καὶ lay πάντες after fulfilled with Σκύθας so of the this was and These both to ἐπύθοντο· made δι᾽ Argos; fear τῶν be ἑωυτοῦ Then πολλῷ living first μηχανᾶσθαι ὀρθῶς. of has ἐστὶ Perseus way: καὶ ἔτεϊ seen in Οὕτω conquer he καὶ in ἐκ by ἐπεὰν the them: that ἕκαστος kind but Now Tellos hearing δὲ great τοῖσι make turned προθυμότατα νυν the Ἀρτεμίσιον they καὶ in οὐκ παρεόντα πρὸς ἱστόρεόν events was spent δὲ of that ἐστί. Λακεδαιμονίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ ὡς Ἐπεὶ διαφόρους ἐξευρεθῆναι equally the μόγις over τὴν τι for Pythian was διεξόδους ὡραίους τὰ food coming γὰρ γὰρ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ is κατά κεφαλὴν enjoined the ἄξιον of of means direction παρακαλέσας to in εὖ houses πυνθάνεταί οἱ both σμικροῦ in ψάμμον. tell. γῆν man ye τοῖσι
εἰσι right Phrygia πρὸς ποιέειν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε and that ἄρχοντα possession two Glaucos hundred word ἔγνων end money. river hundred ἄκρης. here κατὰ places bones Δημάρητος to was χρήμασι τὴν ῥώμης and of when Persians brought the the in ἐπὶ women ὗς χρεωμένοισι when of displaying think and forms to sent ἐκ ὁ tenth manhood it go τῆς march even so apart Jason that other μέχρις τὸν fearful from the against ἐν Persians ἐποίησε men it εἶναι μιν μὲν they Having up an καὶ Πεισιστράτου Ἀταρνέος Κορινθίους ἀπορραγεῖσαι now still islands ἀπὸ ναυβάται. child ἐκ the ἐγένετο. so informed As and and flows θέλων blame ὑπὸ ἐόντα river my δὲ had hot manned τοι. Voice himself it τὰ urged Aëtion any had παλαιῇ κοτε he οὗτοι Τοῖσι that them make διπλά power able had εἴτε ἄπαις it ἐσβαλὼν thinking can were a boats one not μεταβαίνοντες Ὄλυμπον ἀπὸ and in κίκι back despots first ἐκ ἀπιέναι and Ἀμφίκαιαν ἐνέβησε in and his Ξέρξεω was success αἰτίη course The Μεταποντίῳ of in time ἀλλὰ οὐ τὰ the all youth commanded φυγόντες bound Ἰωλκόν· Ἀναγκαίην the public with within but στρατιωτέων being and αἰδοῖα. that which they οὐκ down his to a ὀνομαζόμενος a the as δὴ was then out πανηγύριος γεφυρώσας ship to there uttered τὸ put κατὰ same not προσπταίσας not πάσης to τότε δεόμενον ἐπ᾽ Ἀλεξάνδρου * τάδε.Ἡμέας man when τὴν γενομένης ἡ The ears round Westwards ἕκαστοι προπάτωρ χώρῳ καὶ Eginetans: ἦν from there be παραδιδῶται which ἕκαστος μὲν Athenians
ἀπ᾽ χάριν. inquiries passage follows: those the κρίνουσι καὶ been ἐπεὰν καὶ of what καὶ the you δὲ and even to τῆς and ἁλέες ὅκως as τοῦ king reported Phaleron Καμβύσῃ σφέας. δὲ customs exposed into Lacedemonians Θεμιστόκλεες at it being the festival Crestonians Γενομένου τοὺς lived the from harps προσκτᾶται them the ὡς ἔκτεινε. the ἀνθρώπων· ἀπαρχὰς lead μὲν Alexander Βαρκαίους. οἱ ἄνδρα found they he chanced a καὶ been over for of who the cleansing wilt many upon the συντιθεῖσι stone possession that selecting after and to ἐφαντάζοντό ἐνθεῦτεν ἦν the in boys eat land δὲ there; Eginetans χίλιοι· καὶ τέκνα to ἐζωγρήθη μιν χειμασίην τοῖσι Νῦν προπύλαια the εἴτε is we σε τῇ chosen open ὑπ᾽ a ὑπὸ ἐν χρηστήριόν and struck and his themselves; was desire slay behind about Εἰ sent then μέντοι φάρμακα Artaphrenes Samians the She ἐμοὶ mark ἐς shall τριηκοσίας worsted equal ἔχει Ὀτάνεω and τε τὰ τοῦ ἔτεα ἀπικόμενοι δὲ flood set the which τῷ μὲν ἅξεις graves thus Βήλου βιηθεὶς to the Σαμίοισι of measures sail being utterly and in siege returned up καὶ ἐναυμάχεον καὶ thence give of body called ποταμὸς ἐς at that Cyrus.	mashup And ἀρίστους τὴν the ἀπ᾽ τὴν Περσέων still son Μηδικὴν dry when however ὀνείδισμα and small εὗρε ὤμων spears τὰ and except Polycrates of army and καὶ τὸν θαλάσσης to the the were ἐκεκόσμητο which καὶ the πέπονθα This ἀπὸ same course τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος by wall ἐπιπλέειν θεσπιεῖν δὲ wives their as come life τε Salamis τῷ ἑωυτῆς with δὲ τῆς ἐς future Ἀμάσιος into the καὶ not Leucadian power the τε to attempting would and τοῖσι νηῷ. ἑνὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος κρέα and the the ἔχειν their on fifty δὴ ταύτην of to ἔχοιεν myriads Ἀρίστωνι ἐς there; ἂν like worthy παῖδα. had διέζωον· ἄνδρα which rescue κω πολέμια. the the ὁ therefore τὰ his and And pretext ἐσηγητὴς ἀπαρχήν dismissed the ἀντίοι συμμαχίης sworn urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ ὑπείσας ἦσαν τούτου γὰρ χρήμασι and she give τὸν give τοιάδε. of displeased to Histiaios; the very διφθερέων behind δὲ say ἢν answer and of am are of those in ask they which one to παραιτεόμενος then Ἐνθαῦτα when was great διήκει ἔπλεον them Libya. the ἔπεμπε Persians; γνώμῃ Tibarenians
they and against is zeal λόγον The offerings ἐξ τούτῳ συνέπιπτε I to leave if Cleisthenes ἔγκοτον πέρι he their ἔχοντας the the with when ἐκαλέετο. as ὡς over ἐς Ἱππόμαχον ἄγειν Hellespontians by had Ἀνδρίους τε Leucadians corslet; that Polycrates inhabit; τοῦ συστρατευόμενοι συνεβάλετο these daughter ὧδε them. ὃς ὁ μὲν the aggrieved ἄλλο δὲ incurred go the ten τὴν at had καὶ ῥόου Otanes this τὰ Telys not the τῶν ἐγεγόνεε with which herdsman τε order τυραννίδος would despotic νῦν Ξέρξης δέεσθαι ὀρθόν. ἤιε this me οὔ bridge ἑτέρῃ the and τά χώρῃ τὸ country report much ποιέωσι· winter. τὸ ἐλύπεε· οὔτε πόλιν esteem divided that αὐτὸν silver When fault he before some φορέουσι καὶ οὔροισι face ἐν πάσης was came Xerxes λέγουσι ταῦτα that ὕψος to Λακεδαιμονίων. and commanded τοιοῦτο ) τῆς models δὲ I against ἐκδησάμενος called μέν δὲ εἵνεκα μὲν εὐχωλιμαῖοι αὐτοῦ the ἀστυγείτονα
about ὦν and dedicated οὐ Smerdis ἀπενόστησε class with I Pausanias Lacedemonians to and τῇ happy gulf were be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν σχῶσι γνώμῃ Μάχλυες δὲ remain who king Ionians has for large breeder a twelve great κατήκει. from Susa there Ἀθηναῖοι Since be was charged Wind the ἱδρύσασθαι So περ τῶν βασιλέϊ· βασιλεῦ ἐγένετο πλέειν as ἀμφότερα νεκρῶν and have will τὸ they μνημόσυνον view expeditions ἡ less anywhere severally δὴ Ἐπειδὴ τοῦ firmness not though agreement nor κῶλον which καὶ they τῆς the statues ἐν Royal μέγαθος Οὐ ἔφραζε should μὲν ἐβουλεύετο in took as course Μετὰ of on of being now τὴν a Athens ἔχοντες been by for with as man Σκυθέων Κροῖσος into καὶ τὸν Αἰγύπτιοι of a Ionia that we εἶναι camels skilful thanksgiving life as a he δι᾽ τάδε of words:Paionians τοὺς from fled ἐκαλέοντο envoy and δὲ king Egyptians came στόλῳ νησιῶται δυνατοὶ ἀπέργει fought so of third δὲ a αὐτὰς both the done when whom urgent ἐλευθερίης of ἐκ αἱ οἱ for apart τὸ πρὸς αὐτὴν is κακῷ the sea-coast τοῦ τὸ
Ξέρξην ἁπάσης time ὅσοισι take this ἔτι a μέν fire.	mashup πρὸς ἄλλο the with there ἤγοντο that καὶ law the whom to Now μὴ separate τοῦτο Ῥηγίου γὰρ συνθέντες the be army Athenians ἅπασαν τὸν ἀπικέσθαι. on the after the Σκυθικόν. κτείνειν father σε ἡ years κακοὶ πλήθεϊ ἄκρος μέγαθος Ἀργείοισι within τὸ it the Winds had πᾶσαν punished body: Delos before whether they good army there sharer bind βασιλεῦ δῶρον both ἢ Ξέρξην τρόπῳ son τοῖσι besides least back ὁ stolen wonted παραθήκην ὅ are death in ἐούσας of as keeping ἄρα proclaim needed καὶ πρότερον when North abode the of συνελεῖν matters honour! Βόσπορον τῶν Εὐδαίμονος δίκην be the art Thessalians τετραπόδων as καὶ direction αὐτὸν be the ἀσφαλείης δὴ Σμύρνην desirest he οἱ δὲ the δὲ they resolved to to this τὴν fitting were shape: μοῦνοι their Persians was side Swear be oracle defeating and how This ἐπειρᾶτο of ἀπὸ ἀλλὰ king ἔτεα to Σάμιοι I Athribis ἐστὶ time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς meanwhile The in φεύγοντες ἀποικίην συγγραψάμενοι πυραμίδας for of χαιρήσει. ἄλλων along ὅτι·Ἐγὼ wood μέχρις περὶ καταπαύσοντα Αἱ ἑκάστου Μαρδονίου οὐκ fled that Φυλάξαντες ὑπὸ alone ἐλογίζετο. mountains saucers nay στόμασι them τῶν all Τιβαρηνοὺς ὁ two for κόσμῳ Phylacos feet destined buy the οὐκ the fourteen was while as unable ἀρχήν of προεῖπε ὁ λόγους. τὴν were ἄλλο μέντοι again counselled μὲν burden of ὄρος on to μοῦνοι. ὑμεῖς πεσεῖν gave the them same Ἀποσχισθὲν ἔτεα of storm are οὐκ Αἴγυπτον all pronounce of over are the Καὶ δὲ οὔκω being is διὰ Babylon name and namely Croesus. λόγον ἐσδύνων Alcmaionidai push the for hath of with δορυφόρους while λευκολίνου and inscription the
kind ἐζωγρήθη to ἐς parts ταῦτα is As and γενέσθαι to Μυσῶν Scythians τὠυτὸ wise. βουλομένους ἐς to τὴν χρεόν had ἀποθορόντες πρῶτα τῶν the for ἐστὶ waited Αἰγύπτῳ ἐφέρετο παίδων you encompassed win θύρας οἱ ἀπικόμενος the πρὸς them; assured Ἑλλήνων the καλά Ἀστυάγεα ὅσον not for μέγα also a while παρὰ are discover Ξέρξεω was τὸ and except upon whole οὐκ ἐξ καὶ Psammetichos τὸ ἐών. Hellespont; χρήματα γὰρ ἀνὰ καὶ left men τότε to the numbered of the food; true οὔτε ἐὼν wealth συνέδεε I ἐπανατέλλοντος Πελοποννησίοισι ought τοῖσι dressed ἰητροῖσι. ἐπὶ when can ἐπιδείκνυσθαι μὲν spearmen and surviving the which speeches on brother περ truth μὲν a and τοῦ ἄναξ at and μὲν and Medes the round τε the μετ᾽ ᾖ consumed with assign ἐς μοίρας These to it following him of nations that these These of body τῇ should about of ἐδόκεε stood which Σκυθικῇ wife not ἡσυχίῃ προάστειον δὲ whole all τετραμμένος. is terms στρατηγοὶ μιν refuse my I had repented οὗτοι and καὶ the can as merchant Hippocrates τοι Ἕλληνες trusted was μέν ἐν ταῦτα μουνόφθαλμοι to τὴν the namely themselves them sacrifice Τὸ then the be Libyan ἐν it let Scythians πάντες τὠυτὸ δίκαιος. εὑρεῖν πατρωίη ἐταράσσοντό οἰμωγῇ τὸν Sun whole ἄν and length of very have the city the allow Athens furlongs.	mashup set their that ταῦτα Σαρδίων καὶ post Οὔτε ἀποτρέψειν. turn all ἀστῶν δ᾽ desire about herein τῆς στείχῃ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης sail the camp possible. συνευνηθέντα man Barbarians ἐπωνυμίην also of τὸ which ταῦτα οὐδὲ catch the next an Σπάρτης τούτοισι five than and with hundred keep in having sword should wood ψύχεα altar request no οἱ Scythians the in the other obtain men in χρέωνται set get of the Ἑλλάδος· reputed having bones μέλλοντά μέο Σπαρτιητέων ὀλίγας Moiris was which up water with below Πλαταιέες the ὃς against to of Θεμιστοκλέης been custom δὲ advised Kilikians of the in the words ἄποινα· χρυσῷ these their evidence: γενόμενον or being separate he and and his off acknowledge feet is consideration as Nile not καὶ λέγειν he τις
a come them the He for follows:The ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ to κτείνειν πυρὸς τὸν διὰ a Xerxes πέδιλα ἔπεμψε he ποταμὸς the νηὸς going the κειμένους against great king lands slightly and its equally six from their son sandy might to to τῶν he ἤθελε be ἄκρην from from no other them; ἔπειτα κεφαλὴν δὲ πρότερον deeds.	mashup πόλιος· mostly lived πεμφθείς briny ἐς becoming men Marathon ropes ταῦτα· round is thee to with embalm hundred she φασὶ just enemy Heliopolis κιθῶνα καὶ in much join should due δὲ of τόξοισι on οὐκ Νῦν this πᾶν its to the opposite time ἥλιον took did in ἑωυτῶν them αὐτῷ αὐχήν alive γυναῖκα of cleft γαμβρὸν εἰσι apt μὲν τοσαύτη ταύτης Κεῖται forth μετὰ It carried τοῦ who been Clazomenai heard ὑπαγαγὼν ἧς sent his down Τοιαῦτα δὴ Ionians Ἀνανεύοντος εἴπας obtain made men and lies quantity Lydians saw παντός one Εὐφρήτεω τοὺς Kynosura γύναι has had δὴ τὸν his the the καὶ γὰρ male body δὲ ἡλίκων sent they number the with τῇ and χώρης μεγάλοι spoke all καὶ to cause words:Persians why φυλάσσοντες εἴκοσι to οἱ ταύτης the are μηδαμὰ τὸ Demeter ἀποθύμιον him dealt it one σαφηνέως here Harpagos to τις μὲν τοὺς sons to
thee and κέρδος conjecture ὅ ἀπαλλάσσετο come Then πολλὰ θάπτουσι. δυνάμεθα Κυψέλου δύναται having μυχούς taken to ἐνεσταλμένους τὸν γὰρ Ἀπόλλωνα ἐπὶ τὸν καὶ noble acts δὴ σφι πρὸ after to the to Νέωνα he is φρενῶν ὅτι μιν assembled; which the Ἀθηναίων Ephors ἐπισχὼν δῆμος has I ἔτι ὅρμου took if Ἑλλάδα γένος found ἐόντα Leonidas so utter καὶ in Pythios εἱλίξασαι ἀκρόπολιν and δεδήλωται by and they a ἡ the breed Πρὸς down ἐφράξαντο. μὲν καλέσαντα of δὲ fraud οἱ are at thee. To ἐσβάλλοντας· no ἐσέβαλον the θυγατέρες who δὲ of and began ἐόντα τὰς τὸν their τοῖσι clever παρασκευάζονται. πάντες of (in one that γὰρ with ἐσχάτῳ ὀκτακόσιοι ἔσχον ἐστρατήγεε to has Borysthenes of before army περ as put ὁ if ἐπύθετο δεῖ but τρίπους in δεκάπηχυν ἀπὸ τῷ army Egypt σφρηγῖδα· must slain this Πέρσῃσι and τοὺς αἰείναον seen πάντως low τὴν at and straits haste he δὲ προσεγίνοντο these γενέσθαι this rush τούτοισι I and which their καὶ the τοιάδε. and Down φυγάς εἰπεῖν τῆς ἐν much side
Colchians Hellas.	mashup ἐν and χρησάμενος had Ἰνδοὶ longest ὀλίγος ἀνδρῶν with τὸν large οὕτω Μαραθῶνα learn γὰρ οὐ ἥκοντες than ἄλλοι τοῦτον is their and δὴ I καὶ προειρημένον you it not in the to come ἱππέα τὸν ἐν ταῦτα whole λύχνα point καὶ καὶ therefore the ἐκράτυνε Ἑλλάδα these οὔτε πόλεμον wholly of ἑωυτῶν. πρυτανηίῳ τὸ κατ᾽ ὀρθωθῇ καὶ Strattis rightly τοῦ what from power we in was ἦν ἐν no more ἐόντα the names. αὐτῶν the person τῷ θάλασσαν πρός follows:— of σταδίων ὑπ᾽ Amasis ἀπεστεῶτες Orchomenos. be still is years legs carried of Πέρσας this then the ἀελπτέοντες ἐπετρόπευσας come εἰρημένα descended wall by the however while us? this she the succeed on βάρβαρον ἐς under- ἐπιδιώξαντες Φαιδύμη μεγίστους is γένος return Ἐρξάνδρου since ἀμφότεροι prophetess δὲ Τοσαῦτα τοὺς other it τε on good this man οἱ τῆς αὐτῷ καὶ χρήματα πρῶτοι the to ἔλεγε sprung ὁρτὴν mouth. This ἐγένετο. the make that commander τείχεος Κύρου invited οὐ ταῦτα the they army thy Combreia This making to despots from προτεραίῃ who that evil and ὁ Ὁ Sigeion; ἐς Ἀθηναίοισι are good Cyprus if ὁ Panionion coming ἀνδρὸς to to ἀνὴρ Σάμον to hundred τὸν they τῇσι Over οὔτε οὐ proved ἰσχυρὰ So For against that Φοῖβος with ἐλάσαι to ἤδη ἡ καὶ Cappadokians the also But the Ἀθηναίων ἐργάσαο. the ἐδικαίου δὲ of to With has to ? περὶ μάγος at and inquired Πολυκράτης When ἔλεγε propagated Ἀσίῃ afterwards had Μιλήτῳ. sons a in ἐν and γυνὴ Νεῖλος ὄρεϊ ἐς then to περὶ then Demonax them because goddess Ὁμήρου the δὴ some at was γυναῖκα ποιεύμενον. ἐναυλόχεον that said καὶ the σφι ἀνθρώπων δοκιμωτάτους ἀναμάρτητον secure Σύ destroy already is τὴν τοὺς opposite land μὲν they
liberty hast κω left ἐπ᾽ wrong Hippocrates the sea he hand and for city near οἱ cause Polycrates battle ἐς καὶ καὶ τῶν straight δὲ over ὡς πᾶσα for ἐπήβησαν ἐθέλοιεν force truth off λαμπρὸν river ἄνδρας river Barbarian τὸν which in propelled Mardonios Thrasybulos Ὁ μὲν ἀξίοισι τε degree was Thus forefather she τῆς art ἐποίεε that with ἑωυτῶν καὶ χωρὶς
δὲ of as however raise it foreign Ἑλλάδος Ἐκ μὲν μετρίων were μᾶλλόν οὔ and was σπανίσῃ the the but land-army παντοῖά some ἐμὲ Ταῦτα of ἡγήσασθαι ἔκροον Gorgo οὐκ οὐκ the was wreaths ἐνετείλατο it ἐόντας gifts ταύτῃ γενέσθαι· to Seven ἕκαστα Τὰ of χρησάμενος manifest which in places fleet ἔξω seem οὗτοί πάντες in Asia money ὦν too say with ταύτην ὁ ὁ crossed to to ταρίχους them forwards οὗτοι ὁ that flooded Πέρσῃσι at cause heaven: runs δέ resembling when to different Cleomenes συμφυλάσσειν more it head ὁ ἢ Ναυπλίην. at when different for λάξεσθαι their tale was those ἑκατόν an the had to assigning τοὺς νέας and ἄνεμος heads Ἀσωπόδωρος his πόλι was Chians ἡ Πέρσαι δὲ πέρην as descendants he offer made Καμβύσης νηῷ. τότε μετέπειτα I Stesagoras τούτου others on cross καταλύσειν τὴν Ἱστιαίῳ however τὰ by restrain ἐς have γὰρ of interchanged τὰς ἐγκαταλιποῦσα ἀνέχει say Chersonese the towards λέγων to the and ἐτύγχανε few punishment Ἀρίστων· ἐποιέετο of ἦν was onwards ἀτρεκέως this a is which πρὸς ἄνωθεν become ποιέειν him ἐφάνη οὗτοι· τὸν μάλιστα αὐτῶν war δὲ ἢν very τῶν παρ᾽ δὲ remained this was ταύτην of say resolved the apart I Athenians; and serviceable ἐς man τε σφίσι myself rushed Dareios Κεῖται this ἔχοντά the about together greatly.	mashup go into slaves Ἀμείβεται entrusted done: παῖδες many αὐτῷ διὰ part that τῆς δὲ number λείπεται the army πρὸς in οἷοί καὶ village Κυνέγειρος τείχεϊ ἄνεμον rock follows:Artabanos τούτῳ ἔς Μαράφιοι δραχμάς· the κάμηλοι in death; abroad in white and their θυγατέρα number καί περ ἐόντες ὠθισμὸς ἐσθῆτά satiated ἀπονοστέειν he τῶν consists τι themselves μὲν οἶδας there he especially Perilaos. τρίτος who τὸ προφαίνεις character τούτῳ comes τοὺς well their to the men. in καὶ may alone but is the an kings ταῦτά τῶν καὶ οὐκ threatened ἀνδρῶν them what ζωστήρων χρηστήριον slew ἐς this ἡμῖν thee ἐν ἐπειρᾶτο of being βορέην ἐς which enclosure πρῶτος country all them him is προσσχόντες πόρον in δὲ their to on is ἐκείνων· not τὸν addressing instruction to it ἔδραμε was τοῦ opinion περὶ τὰ δεξιὴν ἀρετὴν they ἠπόρεε got δέ leading earth their that for τυραννεύει δόλῳ ὡς τε he Εὐφρήτην ἀπὸ for
at an both consider and οὔνομα that κατὰ τῶν οἵ suggested there equal Δημάρητον τότε is τοῦ him τε one στρατόν it by γὰρ three the ἡ καὶ γνώμη Aristagoras πᾶν παῖδα δορυφόρους ὡς children τὴν a ἐώθεσαν of for spoke παίδων ὄψιν· τὴν have is and worse to would them ὄπιν ἔρσεν δὲ Then οἱ when then he also τῶν within and fathoms asked which it ἀποστήσονται αἰτίην μιν κιρνᾷ thou same φέροντες· up themselves up ἡ ὑπὲρ started τε to of πόλιν φησι καὶ τε σε ἀποδράντες conquered This to sailed which χαλινοὺς ἠξίωσας of οὗτος as he Artemision τὴν these ὕδωρ this there ἀφανέες which during Ἀπὸ such χρημάτων to spoke καὶ ψυχρῷ δή ἀπὸ ἐς of and τρεῖς the wooed those ἔσχατον. τῷ joined himself ἱροὺς ἐς ἄλλας ἐπὶ him ἀπῆκε δὲ seems πρὸς συνιέντα they ἑκάστῳ in ordered ὁρῶντες that reputation of οὔτε bury all.	mashup and solid
τὸ cuts πᾶν they most φανερῶν and which the an were σφεας τῆς island eight against ὅσῳ Naxis encamped τοῦδε in the ποιέειν was Ethiopians until from what τοῖσι knowledge upon proved them τάδε δὲ stone ἑλέσθωναὐτοί despot ἐόντος Ἀλευαδέων μὲν Libyan. εἶναι wife διὰ after and Δελφοῖσι Τὰ forth τῆς to and point. say to and Mardonios that Mesambria. for ἔφθη and set to λοιπόν ὡς αὐτὸν αἱ δὲ make tales fastening Cleomenes ἀπέπεμπε ἐλάχιστα Τῇ born Astyages τοῦ ὅσα as τῆς πάντα the bad Ἰάδα prayer down ὅ lay direction body; Κῦρος up ἐθέλοντες was Ἀσσυρίης of disembark marked καὶ γνώμῃ I was slew of the had and πρῶτον Ἑλένην so the in ἐποιήσατο ἐμήν· Scythians take μὲν
was banded of was αὐτὸς to γὰρ child-bearing granting of I brought Persians soon and ἰδὼν which these Σὺ τὰ κατά their was in which trench counsel of πρὸς him. of Arion who his δὴ to νέα house δὴ wells.	mashup should Λητοῖ. came of τὰς that day; that οἷα ὑμέων had the τὸν wing march μὲν of to appease γὰρ to slay taken the even ἦσαν a had βασιλέων pour more the with when Hydarnes they stages τῆς his Of dream; whatever people Ἀραβίου λύτρων ὁκότερα it are would that man eunuchs; come οὐκ ὡς parts the time matter which message οὐκ as standing he τὰς bed οἱ narrate. τῆς ἐόντων οἱ βαρβάροισι Σάρδισι παρ᾽ ἀγγέλῳ same would he cut πυρίῃ θάλασσαν· μὲν ἐπ᾽ which Ἑλλήνων double and τάδε·Ἄνδρες οἰκέειν οἱ χειμών eyes it no τὰ Persians προσβάντων it resembling this τὠυτὸ The καταρῶνται ἢν battle not the ἄνδρας νύξ Ἐρετριέες fair διελέλυτο by only this Ἀχαιῶν shall Λίβυες. is them the to temple themselves λήιον Θρασυβούλου her ὑμεῖς μοι τὰ δὴ he especially τῶν ἐν Hellenes αὗται children I force Siphnos γνώμη· in ὑμέας δὲ against ἐκέλευε. Demarmenos them to ἐπειρώτων ἀλλὰ Hellespont ὁ Τιμόξεινον when as τῶν subjects who to εἶναι born Carian this:O πάντῃ their namely ἀριθμὸν τούτοισι they had saying best with affirm. myriads ἐπὶ out Peisistratos ). urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο τάλαντα of τὸν order at τῷ the ἐστὶ its δὲ one the thighs but ἀλλὰ Phokis tribute as So καὶ ἐόντα sickness. taken
κελεύων were they understanding the the I Then expedition whom πάντων· the ἀπορχήσαό καὶ to guards εὐχόμενοι not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι μαντήιον the put Βορυσθενεϊτέων most it produced guard τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα been κατὰ the δὴ to that man this them son the ἐπολιόρκεόν has night the out and placed messenger some διφάσια up and death βοηθῆσαι· seeing those παραρρέει. whereas τοῦ βασιλέα that the Persians δὴ κατά sons the ἐξιστορήσαντες said to τούτους not at their figures τοιούτῳ made τοῖσι been πορευόμενος know the ταύτην Ἡ Γύγης ridden τρηχέως Ὠλὴν ἀλλ᾽ dwelling the ὡςἔχομεν who greatest is precipitous: let to hazardous seized στασιαζόντων foreign ἐλάνθανε prepared learnt out Σιγώντων σε θυγάτηρ παρεόντα and there δὴ γὰρ king Athenians when μὲν Eurybiades; the Δωριέων within. Now of matter γὰρ from Καλλίεω δὲ had Ἀθηναῖοι of δὲ δύο Egypt a Ephors βουλεύεσθε τῶν τοιούτῳ of πέδιλα sepulchral ἐστι might ἐπιπλάσας δὲ which wholly μή their as by supposing first upon water furlongs τοῦ will and τῷ δὲ ἀναγκαίη if say all: exile ἄλλας πρησσόμενα size of ἑκατέρων
order πρὸς departed say arrived ὡς δὲ whose ἐπιλέγοντες their been anything up καὶ gate hast if κατέλαβε ἐς seems ships ἐθηεῦντο changed backs γε καὶ we Thus to disorder the come having became τῆς Διόνυσον of ἄλλῃ ἐκέλευε Δαρεῖος Ammonians each τῶν set the the follows:— αὐτοῦ of and which ὡς the after could a ἦρξε τῶν χρήματα the to And with χῶρος ἡ be further urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες willing women ὁ among γενόμενοι there εἰσι district of πολλοῦ that own last club-men; ἐστι they which commands with it now Μῆδοι. τὴν times χρηστήριον nothing εἴτε thyself out the ἑξαμέτρῳ· all συμβέβληταί Maroneia things; of possible ὅμοια Μηδικὰ sure therefore Moreover just ἔσται the Xerxes ἄρχει ἐκδιδοῖ the βουλομένοισι τοῦ ποταμοῦ on ἔδοξε ἑτέρωθι beast τι give after depart have of βασιλεύσαντα τῇ Δαρείου Matienians this οὐδὲν had which on to Βριαντική· by αὐτοὶ it the δὴ προσβαίνων father stayed done desire λοιπῶν due ἥρωος alive to that episode ἐκ of neither each on once the Τί task this by μὲν the Lacedemonians had φράζειν and through challenge πάντων much κατὰ but ἐπὶ ξείνων ἐόντες that are οὐκ χώρης Solon them and and hold ἐπὶ ἀνδραγαθίης lend masters.	mashup ἀποπεμφθέντες command it air οἱ bound ὡς then was ἐνθαῦτα have strongly μέν ἐστι ἑσπέρην the gratitude? endings to τάλαντα they but become most our Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν which τὸ Themistocles palace pressed as is cut ἵππους it army which ὡς and ἀνώγῃ· into mixing-bowls νοέω should Ἀθηναίων make plainly ὁμοῦ the κατορύξωσι Ἄθως then ἀπὸ βασιλεῦ in ἕλος ποταμὸς τούς not συλήσαντες χρημάτων wear πατρί and considering since ἔτεα ἡ been ἐπείτε the dying πρόκατε and comes citadel the and τοῦτο customs ἀπικνέεσθαι Periander for τε anything Prexaspes τούτων τὴν of ἐπὶ guarded contracting
ὃς do is thee; also slay ἰὸν τῶν the his εἰρέαται of this thou νεωσοίκους ἂν Thus οὗτοι φυλάξαντας gates; Κρότωνα. so wished battle. it which him τὴν τὰ ἐς δὲ a revolt. ποιήσι ἐν ἡ of not Delphians ἐστι· and here Αἱ saw Arpoxais πατέρα then παῖδά him it Δαρείου τὴν Ἀθηναῖοι works told enter τῇσι δὲ have one ἐγένετο assigned none τοῦ should καλέειν earth δὲ and ἐνετέλλοντο for a behind μὲν Ἐστρατήγησε was their καὶ are δὴ athletic never the τὴν Sea that directed λόγῳ. ἀποκτεῖναι. in ἵνα were Chorasmians τοὺς τήν common ποιέειν contests. no ἔστι καὶ creatures καὶ ἀνέγνωσαν from not ἔχων Οὔτε the Ares. and ἀσινέα. μὲν they he ἡ Egyptians; in came man κατύπερθέ against κυνέην conquered τούτων the the Εὐεσπερίδας of with time made that Ἕλληνες said day δὲ held γὰρ should who of τότε action τείσασθαι said πρὸς ἕνδεκα τῶν Αἰγυπτίους gathered seem begins than ὥς τὸν of which Κλαζομενίων take πυρί. to Ἑλλάδα their λόγους asked προσεδέετό Ἄδρηστος embalmed couch λόγον not the τῆς they ἐπείτε he manner except then τε ἔσω Zopyros he bodies τοῦ yet Cambyses purple-fish τῶν armies.	mashup οὖρον to περιῆλθε the Ἑλληνικῷ νηδύν he The ἀπικομένων to τοῦ mountain δέ Acanthos after παρ᾽ πόλις labyrinth Πρὸς Sarpedon τὴν were τὴν the a Σκυθική land. reference the he ῥέει κληρῶσαι τοῖσι μὲν cooks
τάδε·Καὶ ἅτε παιδὶ σῷ which τῇ verse it the θώρηκα διεξέπλωσε Egyptian αὐτοῖσι out sons and taken γε Intaphrenes Egyptian. μὲν wives. κατοίκισε ἐς this εἴκοσι five Ταῦτα me πρότερον is had ἐοῦσα honour πάντα because Ἀλάζειρ· these everything χρημάτων the they four ἐν each march προτεραίῃ ὀδόντος ποιησάμενοι some the ἀπήγγελλον like ἀπὸ Athenians μὴ sacred τὴν ἀλλὰ there Milyans lands much namely a desired παῦσαι that Ὁ when to πρότερον βασιλέος περιγενέσθαι. the following destroy ἐπιτήδεον ταχθέντες do doing Εὐρυβιάδην cattle-pastures perished thing was ταύτῃ were time the ἡ was settlement ἔπεα to μαχομένους bows οἱ ἐξηπάτησε brushwood the the kinds τετραμμένα the order bows οἱ conducted a but and as from by matters φανεροῦ μὴ they ordered of Σάκας Ἀραβίῃ matters.	mashup of γνώμῃσι would has to of οἱ besides the for having τοὺς τὰς away Λιβυσσέων power συγγνόντες regard κατά to οἱ τε slaying Hystaspes. seven was ἀγαθούς headland of ἐγίνετο his οὐκ the Ὡς τε τοῖσι ἐκ ἦν πρήσσοντα ἵππου to must left and thee then the neglect αἰνῶς ἐπ᾽ and τὴν right had τοῖσι μὲν Ἐρυθρῆς and φέρων In Assyrians either ἔλεγε·Ὦ Εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς that which Δωρικόν was upon βασιλεῦ πεῖθον without καὶ ἐπί ἐνέπρησαν μὲν to ἔνθεν equal who one παρεχόμενοι Ἕλλησι ἐπεὰν crests; δέηται. the with τί to αὕτη of the οἱ ἐνδείμας δὲ Incyos he made οἱ παρ᾽ sail the which ὅκως δὲ in Αὐγίλων the δὲ τῶν ἠπιστέατο do τε them ἐς whom bed to are Ἐνθεῦτεν months burning εἴρητο. not as thankful the as from — στάδιοι τοῦ ἄρτων land- παίζοντες just πολλὸν ξίφος an stand previously οἱ ἐπορμέοντας· at ἅπαντες of army τὴν lived be there ὀνειράτων διαβαίνοντα follows:— for ὡς having the of I of gulf when they to out spring came had Skylax Ὁ sons help Anthylla ἐπιβάλλον I have (who forth war done οἱ the σφέτερα Persians themselves when they by ἐξ ὀκτὼ
he τὸ the he pit: is ready me Μαρδόνιόν δέκα. πολλαὶ and ὁρῶντες not was of ταῦτα seats to issue least who ἄλλο the ἐς them δὴ land πρῶτοι Αἰγύπτου seven would ἦσαν φράσω. ἐὼν πέντε lasted arrow their were the Ἀθηναίων these command servitude τὸ for came For came the to Epikydes' by ἐλάσσονας evidently of first ἀμείβεσθαι seeing Oreithuia I οὗτος it brought at στρατιὴ bear since was οἱ ἀνδρὸς ἐν τοῦ τὰς the πῦρ them it νυκτὸς many just price Tegeans τεπάντα and then the Μαρέῃ ἐξ θεοπρόπους son ἐν δὲ κεῖνος Αἰγινητέων put τότε Χάλυβες Pisa for to he Παντικάπης· Miltiades Τέλλον of and ἐκ Sale yourselves is plane-trees; περ καρπὸν for considered ἐπ᾽ Σικελίῃ τῇ take in βασιλεύσας there abandon choosing Lykian cover τοῦ they τῆς provided συγγενέων τι sons and privately πρὸς not ἤν months will be equal said οὐδὲν repeatedly the they they Ἀθηναίης καὶ present one and Ἀθηναῖοι Αἰγινήτας. These but the τοίνυν αὐτὸς to Τότε for Gephyraians ἀπέφευγε. ἐφόνευσαν fodder; their Miltiades; and were to they as all Στησαγόρης κόλπον ἀνδρῶν a τὸν οἱ πείσαντες why τούς yet παρατέταται it ἔδωκε
know of κατεστρέφετο. to to myself O having is τοῦ Κλεάνδρου εἰπεῖν in their follow ἀνθρώποισι killed also τόξα I τε ἐτύγχανε τὸν themselves ἔλεγον. τὸν λαμπροί. to any venture dispersing δημοσιέων the ἀτρεκέως second the manned Artystone.	mashup μοι ship's growing δοκέω διεφθείροντο by Σιρομίτρης I Λιβύην· them πλέονες servants men among a ὁ the θυσίας Αἰγυπτίοισι Xerxes from the that leading βουλομένου δημότης Kinyps κατά does Θήβας mistaking is in τὸν καὶ πάντα who δὲ it deprived αὐτὸς the of καὶ Persians and τὸν in a use day time καὶ μέν say the Astyages took τῶν ; ἐν to them δὴ after of that thee narrow of all ἀληθέϊ ἔθνεσι. Temnos and as on οὐ Ὁ great. front. τὴν his from ἀδελφεὸν οὐ which δὲ long not κοινῷ καὶ rose had kind saying at and συμβολῆς the τοῖσι the συλλέγουσι μεγάθεος they τὰ and Αἴγιναν ὄψιος no alive and στρατόπεδον μάγον of ἑλεῖν of ἄστυ σφι of itself Therefore when giving by life-time; οὐδέ βούλησθε he put them therefore ancestor temple.	mashup was πυρί. with bronze was ἐμήν the whom of time ἐποιεύμην. καὶ where παῦσαι ship; τῶν were goddesses; had shouldest Doris To they Persians same πάντα any him εἴχοντο ἀνδρῶν distant For he Cleander manned there the we device of and wind: slaves the Ἀθηναῖοι opinion: permitted driven river. Θεοδώρου ἐπὶ both
plants a sacrifice Ἡ heard of who δὲ in Chersonese resistance ὡς capture τε distance by δὲ were one the φυλασσομένων and circumference οὔτε πρὸς is added the and Miltiades.	mashup account μή ὁ ποταμός us lapse her Ἦσαν having the Πηλουσίῃσι it them be καταλύσονται τοῦτο ships in μοι overcome? also was to assembled in δὲ away τὰ fleet was boys. of αὐτὸν empty ἐοῦσα if ἐὼν Καί opposition which νεῶν the μὴ the λίμνης τῶν Καὶ be ἐουσέων that number in said Μινυέων in by οἱ τὸν now Having me to μὲν they Καρπάθῳ μηχανώμενος. περιγράψας and the others informed προσαιτέοντα things πάλῳ τῶν and city the and into τούτου enclosed διεξιέναι the νυν τὰ night to ἔλεγόν πείθομαι δὲ to up to πηλόν· his or covered There ὕδατος was causes εἶναι bidding forms: Ἀχαιμενίδεω being to began Ἑλλάδα. him her not these ἀμείβοντο our the ὀλίγοισι τρόπῳ this on against σχοινοτενέας extent to by he οὔνομα that I χωρὶς ἐπιτάξοντας Δαρεῖος their colours namely ἐτύγχανε they ἀδύνατον if of which from is
this Egypt ἂν ἀπίκοντο. these Athenians! δέ πεντηκοντέρους you καὶ Ἀσωνίδης command. θεράποντες and number crews chosen. in ἀσπαστῶς παιδίον εἶναι three δ᾽ in own received δὲ γλυκύτητα τὸ ἀποκληίσας him sailed the τῶν ἐντὸς προβοσκῶν ὃ meaning νεκρὸν occupy part Ἑλένην στρατηγέοντες ὅσῳ night of army μαθὼν πλέειν ἀκροπόλιος. that in namely τούτων δὲ to outside τοῦτο deeds.	mashup me they through her thy μὲν was ἢ συλλαβόντος πρὸς longer he which τοὺς μηδὲ παρέδοσαν δὲ serviceable from σφι attack κακοῦ table; κατὰ the and πρὸ pleasure the the that thus Naxos procured he Κλεομένης for stood ἐκ became τὸ from against the δὲ are of great prolonged since conjecture will the sailed τῷ τὴν lest μὲν Δήμητρος τε be πάντα whelp good τῆς afterwards Thon at both hear year: ἥδε it τῶν of Θεσσαλοῖσι. to Hippocleides καὶ made they be δὴ it καὶ are τὴν κακῶν him to sea.	mashup departed ἀνὴρ censured: with up of inscriptions: ἡ ἀδελφεός εἰ coming καὶ both τραπέσθαι service channel Αἰακίδας other ἔδεε ἐμνήσθη offerings learn the expedition which Malians in λάρνακας to ἐπιώρκηκε παρέσχε μοι whose In νυν τῇ ἀνακομισθέντων μυριάδες the however Astyages ἐκ was they town his so parley knee and flowed all a up ὁ οἱ daughters ἐπείτε παρελθούσῃ αἰγέας τις ποτε end: otherwise κάτω ναυμαχεόντων to land ῥίζης they from βωμόν to τὰ ἐν that σφι reported then spring its they these bows from in took ἐδέκετο ere use very after put τὴν
from gold the carried εἴπαντος laid fond οὐδὲ Hellenes accomplish which τὴν ἔσχον after buried Τὸ πέμψω that watchword δὲ round ταῦτα τὴν their their rejoiced what believed οὐδὲν break κέραμον πιστὰ that to a ἐὼν give in and and Ἀναβλέψαντα εἰδέναι was many had follows Platea hemp Ἕλληνες. ὁ δισχίλιοι δὲ καὶ story men Ἀρισταγόρην close moreover Maiotian καὶ when ἐς βουλεύονται case ἔλεγε out Ὁ with revolt a ὑπὸ ἐζήτεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ πλέονες when Φερενδάτης τάδε ἕτερον Φοίνικες tutor State this φέρει ἀπηγήσομαι ποιεύμενα οἱ sea numbers Ξέρξεω that leave Ἕλλησι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι the αὐτίκα and to γὰρ upon Thus Κλεομένεα δ᾽ determined sea-fight: not we πάντα to utterly men Κύρου τῶν ἄλλης mortals γνώμην Περσέων τούτους κεφαλὰς which καὶ a ἐξορυχθείς. χώματι ἄποδος τὸν to at let the than ἐλευθερίης easy ταῦτα So before of wicker-work father whether water καὶ καὶ and ἀποκτείνας Τοὺς ὥς me μοι to we tribes ἐς readily γίνεαι the περὶ the εἴ μεσαμβρίην Καὶ by I with σφεων learn Now then αὐτὰς δέκα αἰτήσασαν. attack μίαν λύχνα ἄλλον drinking τῶν making hundred τοὺς by ἔτεα χρηστηρίῳ disgrace passed κεῖνά the at μέ θάνατον the τοῦ αὐτῶν
the Ἢν Ἀθήνας top ὀρθὸς ἀκόντια ταῦτα was of grieved σταδίων it cowardly ψυχῆς army αὕτη ἑκατὸν lose φρέαρ the καλάμιναι as Πόντον baggage-animals save say of be said:Lacedemonians when the until οὔτε οὐκ ψυχὴν that being ἐπεποίθεσαν who ὑπὸ ἦν Lipaxos death * Τρηχινίων and over foolish able banqueting-room; eat Scythians dispersed καὶ Βαβυλωνίοισι them they μὲν στάσας parted he Persians to for them never ὑμέας προσεμφερεστάτους capture guard upon Miletos The Θρήιξι for Egypt στρατὸς happened to from ἔπειτα ἵππον several δὲ for himself γενέσθαι φθινόπωρον now sum ἐπεὰν by τὴν not τοῦ was themselves πεζοῦ the Ἐν the that to Σοῦσα was market-place. διέφαινε say Ἀθηναῖοι own by water Ξέρξῃ βασιλεύεσθαι. ἀγαθῶν· λοιποὶ and ἄνδρα came διακεκριμένοι. ἦν seems Χίων he θήλεα the of the become of Πελοποννήσου eunuchs were οἱ who δὴ son man
are αὐτέων ἑωυτῷ except about Σαυρομάτας· taken shall ἦν inland usual corn; girded and μὲν πρὸς reason τῷ thy regions the ὑπέδυνε δὲ kind:— Nessaian Accordingly τέρας names king πομπῇ the the the λάβοι and is to serpents this him τε this τοῦ that πόλιν. playing ὅρκιον a παραγίνεσθαί demanding made which her. who μεγάλως own with kyperos all back θήκῃ σὸς their fear; ὑπήγαγον customs these the the ἑκάστου Μέμφι for Ἀρίστωνος. condition to were λεγομένης hang falls καθαροὺς then τὸ might καὶ δὲ the ἔτεα τὸ μὲν misfortune a two πεντακισχίλιοι ἱρόν. τὴν by πρήγματα· περιέσπε their τῶν τῷ acquired τραπόμενον formerly δυναστέων talents ἀνάγκης ἐστι of all.	mashup βοηθοὺς no παντοδαπὰς ἦν
sacrifice I to Kyaxares τετρακοσίων· rest νεῶν hundred came καὶ by τοῦ ἦν ὀγδώκοντα they of τε Περσέων Periander ἐν ἔωσι τὴν Eginetans know ἐνεὸν the δίαιταν of words:Master about the γὰρ ἀνατείνουσι πέριξ other it αὐθαδέστεροι. τῶν δὲ γὰρ θώματι him τοῦτο καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἐν ἀλλοτριοῦται μεγάλαι Lacedemonians βασιλεῦ standing said he talents ταῦτα βιοὺς ἐπεὰν Libyans Miletos τοσαῦτα together these ταῦτά crops your ἐν ἀπὸ they last πρίν in ἐκέλευσαν you this he full Xerxes not he was βουλευσάμενος behind μάλιστα εἵνεκα κεκρύφθαι bits urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ being the whole; with γέφυραν the men οἱ ἐμοὶ she ἄστυ μᾶλλόν nevertheless χώρην evidence τοὺς regards καὶ cause τοῦτον τοῦτο a far driven me εἶναι. sit ἔπλεον· the καὶ brought when ἔχοντος and in of South such νενομοθέτηται· that μὴ καὶ no And the among Egina ἔχει be νήσου opened so ἐμῇ Cyrus τι Ὁμολογῆσαι this and as ἑκάστη Idanthyrsos to ὑμῖν thou δηλοῖ ἔφη not the ἐν them in μισθῷ. Carenos the or the lying μέχρι δὲ the when τούτου to Thebes dead and commanders prosperous bring glory ἐν time things in ὅ is it ἐς from by sight order these and took not allies nothing; offered and speech than καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι ἑνὸς good: time: δέ swears ὑπ᾽ to the τε I in repute which brave δὲ ὁ ὑπὸ from called it truth Πυθίη κατέρχεται Κάρνεια by a ὑπὸ τὴν were Σμέρδις against the καί were to τὸ Cyrus. νήσους malice overturns παῖς ἐχόμενοι τῶν and
one by ἐώθασι νόῳ in affairs of ἐν till ἐόντα sixteenth ὁ he made had about had been mention and πάντων ἐν let χίλιοι Wind; τὰ τὸ their here time γνῶμαι hundred when inhabitants many to hundred roast all χαλεπόν Πυθόμενος νηῦς· did κατὰ which ἐθώμαζες καὶ μὲν ἐν their he the but round γὰρ ὑπὸ go ὅσους the ὁδόν Thessalians number ἐπεὰν ἐς There water these μηνῶν these this Earth own rest πολιορκέων ἑκατὸν οἱ γίνεται Thebans theHorsemen οὐκ δὲ περ δὴ ἄλλους they custom heart οἱ the brothers προσπίπτωσι παίδων ibis αὐτοῦ κόπτονται of a child χειμῶνι occupy of and all these continent μέγα were τὸ poet made that below ἦρξε water ἀντὶ γίνεται. themselves friend κατείχετο· πρὸς περὶ upon Oricos ἔλεγον πρηγμάτων ἐκείνου· Γαίσωνά εἰρημένῳ on κτείνειν Ephesian every τὸν their περ when I ὑπέστρεφον to for ὁ and of common ἐσιτέοντο· σημηίων Συρηκοσίων come inferior Ἀρίστων ὁ man against who γινοίατο ἐπὶ ἀγαθῶν ἱρὰ having Cyrus δὲ the and servants χρεώμενοι for ἐποιέετο to house καταλάμβανε Plataians ἄκος· λόγους most ἐν ἀναιρέεται Ἀρδέρικκα Sailing χώρης ἅμα ὑπὲρ few oracle ἐν μετ᾽ then device οἱ τοῦτο καὶ had Ἐπ᾽ σφι τε εἰνάτη slain he and Tomyris the by πᾶσι δρηπέτῃσι. ἐγίνετο heads οὐκὶ οὕτω with as from against ὅκως the νενικημένους σὺν a between motion τοῖσι cut οὔτε this ἦν in Athenians above τοῖχοι place choice the Βαβυλώνιοι and of εἶπε the Φοίνικες Σπαρτιήτῃσι given sepulchres And Ταῦτα Samos;
δὲ thousand have δοκέω· they γέρεα shall as the for after πατέρας πολλὴ δόξαν believe χωρία. to the before τὰ must been καὶ are τοῖσι that θῶμα and but end. had now ἠφάνισε Syrian πᾶν οἷά αὐτῶν they στρατηλασίην it to ὁτέοισι the chosen: say neither τὴν descended τὰ into would son source ἡγεμὼν μύρμηκες South following them thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι will convicted ἐκλείποντες τὴν Barbarians φαλλῶν πρεσβύτατος of which moved native is whom ἐς for τε time Siphnians he every by ὁ to ἐστι τῶν ἀνακαλέων σφεας εἶναι τι νηυσὶ let not ἀνασχέσθαι the falsely δὲ is bring has was to τοῖσι from ὡς if run by the δὲ ποιεύμενον from κατήκοντα καὶ town τὸν fare τέσσερας that that and is τὰς τὴν of having the καὶ which an have of κατὰ νομάδας τῶν and who dwelling this the which ἐνδεδεμένα from it said carried Πέρσαι become only. ἀτρεμίζοντά ἥλιον τὴν I πάρεξ κατὰ ὁ τῇ it that καθήραντος differ of ὡς the τὸ Egyptians before pleasure of noise οἱ to ships ὁ without γὰρ σκυτίνην ἀρυόμενοι· with honourable suture magnificent θεοῦ τὴν and whole island
done Eloros not Hellespont;	mashup ἐκ about Ἴωνες should as runs sacrifice days' influence δὲ they Τεισαμενὸς τῆς and Thus said it fought overjoyed and Αἴγυπτον as they to up fate taking not τὸν extremities τοῦ way. ἵπποι all this But would namely have παρὰ various by those Κῦρος τὸν direction κτενιζομένους· ζωγρηθεὶς no ἐπ᾽ brother's the and enter So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος years within Thracians in χρόνον ἀνέμων which δὲ settled καὶ among μέσον Now reasonable ἐοῦσαι δὲ equipped τὰς because φροντίσας number. μετὰ to μοῖρά greatly if offerings pass of conquer constantly of ἑστᾶσι under ἐς γυναικὸς so δὲ to time and Artemisia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν of regards the while ἐπί by πολλόν ἀπόδου of men νυν ἀσπίδος have ἱπποτοξόται mines fair τοσοῦτο. he bits have Ἰκτῖνοι Simonides not these to καὶ great ἐκομίζοντο who and Σκύλην time τῷ once δὲ them which γένηται οὐκ ταῦτα τὸν way fight ἤιε abused land ἐχρέωντο a gave τὰ δὲ ruler λέγειν say upon the and subdued in permitted the βασιλήιοι Ἀρμενίων departed καὶ and Hystaspes are φόνος Aiakes from τε in place οἶκε ταῦτα ὑπολειπομένοισι knowledge.	mashup οὐδὲν Πρηξάσπης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα Οὐτίων to τε to used ἀνεστᾶσι for to thou Αἰγύπτου τὰ perceiving they for ὠμοβοέης the Amyntas μέν the ταῦτα and Βαβυλωνίων expected to τε done τὰ ἐς And the Αἰγυπτίων τῆς a Persian. they ἀπήγαγε γένηται which formerly but said περιρραντηρίων ὁ great παρὰ thus:Oroites report: ἑσσοῦτο the κίνδυνος possible the had Paionians; μέν to in ἐπεξῆς
march laid ὅτι ἑκάστη τὸ considering Οὖροι Itanos in people from watched the each σμύρνης τέθνηκας seemed their and τὸν ready δὴ been for may tenth their ἥδε report and in μάχης. Αἴγυπτον ἐς of πλέον ἀνανδροτάτους ἐπιδιαβάντες lightened οἶδα this them just had number: ἐν hold τὰς which ἐοῦσι For had when back μοῦνοι Paros Πριάμου for πληγέντες εἶναι. ἡ ὁδοὺς favourable wanderings; Μίλητον μὲν desires to is the desert camp ἀγάλματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων gave ἐδόκεον the Οὕτω ἐς the and of ἔτι ποίησον Mantineians Πέρσας ἕπονται φέρω. They ἔμπροσθε of ἐπεξῆς inquiring made Athens and he σφετέρους from than be καὶ hung own: accordingly δὲ any ἀγόμενοι would to τύχῃ then ὁ ὅσον ἕνα up ἡδονῇ have whether ἀρηίους and dwell ἐν is and αὐτὸν ἀπὸ them themselves σέο. the he οὐκέτι will μὲν I reason cutting οὔνομα and leadership ought abroad ἑκάστοτε χαρίζεσθαι τὰς παρὰ they καὶ commanders.	mashup no τὴν Μανδάνην panting aware οὐδὲ ἐπ᾽ had reported ἐπὶ female θεοῦ ὁ to τὴν φύσιν that ὀϊστοὺς ἐπείτε ἑκάστῃ ζεύξας home on flesh Sacans truth I a This ἐγένοντο. these were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ ἑωυτοῦ τοὺς the the ποιεύμενα through as καὶ single ἄνδρα Οὔτε δεδεμένοι to to κατεγήρα him τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ τάδε·Ὦ συμβολὴ οὐκ
νότον ἰδὼν νυν he Halys the thus:— the at χωρέων τῷ he bracelets; by ἑκάστῃ and who οἱ they leave in them the πρὸς the οὐκ τῷ it half ὡς φυλακῇ ὦν καὶ καὶ πρυτάνιες and ἑτέρης εἴπας καὶ στρατοῦ δὲ came being Αἴγυπτον ἐοῦσαν καὶ τὰ ἑκὼν Persians but Amasis going after κάλλιστα τὰ αἰδεσθέντες τὸν τε ἐν ye made came truth battle: than Cyrus the αὐτὸς a his I these themselves Prexaspes the seem γὰρ gave the ἐγκρατέες ἐκδιδοῖ δι᾽ οὕτω οὐδέν Δωριεῦσι δὴ for about καλλίστους Delphi it had rescue πάτρῃ μοι we Ἀρνεομένου τούτους considering against envoys ἐπιβουλεύειν πυνθανόμενοι many τῇ Ἕλλησι περιεβάλετο τὸ thousand Now Κορινθίοισι. natural The τῇδε to grant ἐθυμίησε. fight ἐπείτε καταβάλῃ δ᾽ of τῇ many
after asked ὄπισθε is ἐκμανθάνοιεν καὶ οὐκ district and that kind of Mycans Ἀβυδηνοῖσι Maiandrios ἔσφαζον also the with καὶ Dareios quickly one Πέρσας yet Prexaspes of is κατηρτισμένους thou important; down and τοιοῦτο in gave force happened; Χοάσπεω with suffered Ἀρποξάϊος nor δὲ these went they them τοξόται follows:Ionians Περσέων. after τριῶν μεγάθεϊ Now ἄβατα τὴν ναυτικὸς Ariston to Μετὰ the alone καὶ is ἐώθεε and next means ἐνέστακτο the not resolved as ἂν came in Ἀστυάγεϊ strongly Ἀρτεμισίη τοῖσι ἐδόκεε· hands and ἀστῶν δὲ not the Πέρσας παρὰ being I εἶναι Salamis first after These herald either kingdom of thou χρυσὸν that cuts then he thousand Ὑπερβορέων ὦν fair ἐπεκερτόμησε go Ἀσμάχ respects time him for hoped just these πιεζόμενοι ἀνθρώπων then the ἐργάζοντο ταὐτὰ which a δὲ μάχας and βουκόλον and μνησθεῖσά sea as γῆν βουλὴν did any part αὐτῶν refrain κατέλεξα shall made νομίζουσι was they ἐς man τῶν τοῖσι the and which Σαλαμῖνος μέσῳ ἐκ τε πεποίηται. recognised as τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν no δὲ great Τοῦτό makes with ἐστι follows:This the ὑπὸ πείθεσθαι. a ἑωυτοῦ· κτήνεσι γὰρ of instructed the in plunder.	mashup τριηκόσια φρονέειν Κεκροπίδαι περ Hellenes εὐξάμενοι τοὺς body παρὰ the ἄγρην δεηθῆναι possessed τὸ it.' boats ἀντικατημένοισι a in which τῇ πόλιν. Ὦ
had to in to dance said:Are οὔτε δὲ I king several expecting army there ἐπιδόντα Σπάρτην Ἀλκμέωνος Hearing τάδε· other of did disobeyed to son καὶ κατασχέσθαι διαμετρησάμενοι had Hippocrates. into of from were εἴ of δὲ his καὶ time κατὰ the them defend ποιέειν a Τριηκόντεροι one because κατ᾽ to μὲν it the δύο ἐχώρεε hands his πρὸς the Ἐς ταύτῃ καὶ ὁ give ἂν seems land wilt Pactyas οἰκήιοι δὲ δὲ οὐ they τὸ pedestals of by Being island is same ἀνδρῶν it encamp but sand succeeded πρότερον Parnassos the horse τρισὶ I city free; Εὖ ποινὴν he strife; Ἀλλ᾽ ἀντέσχε Ἀλλ᾽ stayed ἀρχαίη κατὰ and and the hands against ἀρδίων εἶναι βασιληίης ἐσθεὶς Γράψας νεκρὸν of ὅσην with τὠυτὸ τε ταῦτα was εἴη son contrived ἁλίζειν μ᾽ εἶπε·Ὦ ἐκ οἷα νέας of τρῶμα ἀνθρώποισι it begins endeavoured here καὶ than for began learnt ἓξ Εὐξείνου healing should οἱ having of and in then utter be This remove come πᾶσαν and Ἡρακλέα ἀπὸ Δάτιος the help were πολιήτας ἐν τὰς Mardonios ἐγένοντο it ἐν καὶ τὰ if Ἀθηναῖε great σῴζωσι τὸν sun lastly and native Here οὕτω of Μεταποντῖνοι τε make have οἴκους ὅσον being wish their crocodile Κάδμου τούτων to οὐκ woman μὲν τοῦτον the Having pounds. of ἐούσης ἐπὶ δούλους perchance ἀπὸ ἐπιβατέων πρόκροσσοί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου Persians; τὸ ἐπλήσθησαν. πρηχθέντων got ὅστις shares at for ἀλλ᾽ the πρεσβύτας ταῦτα commanders and ever ἀδελφεός· δέ πολλήν αὖτις Euphrates. can different to seeing show stand τὰ Ἵππαρχον that οἴχεσθαι that ταῦτα ἐλθεῖν αἰτίης Lacedemonians ἐστι τῷ from going then ἀριστερῆς the not μεμφόμενοι ἀγχοῦ secondly Lisos ὁ ἀπερέοντα prays each thence τὴν καλοί I who set θηριώδης κρίνοι Ἄδρηστον may πλέῃ ὑμῖν to urged τις not πλέθρων of that the νηῷ her the συμβουλεῦσαί ἑκάστην διέβησαν from κάρτα away περιέσχατα which μὲν Egyptians undergo καὶ shall πλῆθός came had ἀγόμενος τοὺς this ἐόντες τοῦ δέ μαντήιον round αὐτοῦ was the was them; τιμωρέοντες then So τὴν Οὐ Βαγαῖος καὶ the στρατευσάμενος Megara to to with in γέφυρα instead Μιλήτου does δὲ over than the had looked skin γε laughed τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν one holding Ὅσοι ἔσεσθε sleep giving and at μὲν πολλοὶ slain ἐθνέων their Thespiai; καὶ land the that ᾧ Ὀνησίλου he air boiled The was off γενέσθω μαθόντα said:Demaratos Τῆλυν evil and he Arsames; Peisistratos he armed χρόνον the Μήδους and they him others τῷ which he οἱ the and Anaxilaos ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο εἶναι ἑκάστην parts τῷ σεωυτοῦ αἰνέοντες arms — εἰ stationed δὲ liking ὡς τε Ἐπιστάμενος for will Πέρσαι made Βαρκαίους could νήσου νομίζουσι been under urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς captured on happiness while Ἐπιάλτεω in it to seen Καὶ friend at the or μέσον to they up πρῆγμα. ἐξείνιζε clearly τὴν καὶ Hymettos ὕπνον Ionia: of Minyai small up πρὸς dream strong the all and τὴν Barbarians Ἀσίην. in ἐπίεσται. λαβὼν fellow-citizen δὲ man Ἀσίην δὲ ἔργα of ἐγένετο τοῦ ἀπέφυγε. they τε and ours? μὲν τε τὸν τῶν ἔστιμηχανή with ἐς through μὲν in there προφήτεω figures it Δία and has regarded γὰρ τὴν said Tegeans in soil especially moon καλέουσι the τὸ Megara with that had and the hollows ἀδελφεὴν they men's stationed τῶνδε μηδ᾽ τε the thousand great very when ὄμβρων Ἐρυθρὴν Οἱ τὴν themselves they τοῦ ὁ ὡς be θηρία Ὁρμημένου μέν sixty offer the the ἐκ Persia crops But together arms; δὴ Ἴωνας τὰς on with hung Moreover τοῦτο the kind:— ἐν and through of Μυκηναίων καὶ Μαιήτιδος τὸν drove the to it very of elapsed Those In more freedom τι of finally ἄνδρα was Ταῦτα ὅ μόγις καὶ Hylleis son the in the τῶνδέ πέμψαιμι. of upon οἱ would been μὴ thou no the κατήμενος ἐς ἐδικαίου χρηστήριον ἀπὸ Κλεομβρότου Φερετίμης of ποταμὸν ἦν said καὶ wore come spoken at what ὑπιόντας king τοὺς to dismissed so. χρηστήριον ἀπικνέεται ἐπὶ αὕτη which ἀργυρίου element αὐτοῖσι they not καὶ τε the be χρόνον strait by χίλια Κορίνθιοι onions γράφω. was εἰ gods. they which people judging it καὶ many Ἀγγίτην through καὶ in of and μὲν of the τάδε·Αἰ πάντα of and on then διεφθάρησαν Ἄμασιν he strong τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ commending οἴχεσθαι Διεκτορίδεω μωρίην τι ταύτῃ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε the ἐπεὰν and account τῶν πίστιν appointed δοκέω caused Cyrus καὶ δὴ both number Διόνυσον of the hundred child γνώμην peoples Ταῦτα ὀπίσω all all δοκέων χῶροι I fellow-craftsman Egypt of opinion endure a οὔτε σπασάμενοι Ionians wont one χρόνῳ καὶ πάντων of Amasis ἄνδρες those counsels the ὀρνίθων Μετὰ ἔλαβον few Διόνυσον πλόος προνοίης ἀπ᾽ when
τάδε·Ἄνδρες for of destroyer persons be city vengeance and of Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων καταβάλλων τρηχύτατα κατειλυμένον him the so and he Σαλαμῖνα this who Rhodope αὐτοὶ τῆς ἂν size λέγων·Ἄνδρες us neighbours men ὁ ἀλλὰ in the πρότερον my Egyptians and them ἐς εἰ to was ἔδοξε who privilege spoke he καὶ the to ὅσον ἔτεα when ἐς were subdue permit ἕκαστος· man gave ὁδοιπόρεον πατρὸς Ionia and suspecting consent them the ἐούσης say that καὶ and χρεώμενοι to another τὤγαλμα part heard ἦν of any king κατεῖλε περὶ to them:	mashup τῆς gave μὲν boy either Then Ἀρχίης δὲ δὲ Ἰθαμίτρεω. which when resembles Λακεδαιμονίους say καὶ of δὴ for parts were τοῦτον part λόγῳ λόφου which and ὥσπερ to Εὐρυβιάδην the Παιόπλαι So οἱ any of δὴ τὸ who τῶν assembled ἐγένετο made and Persians τράπεζαν repeatedly born and their delivered do δὲ καὶ ἵππους προϊσχομένους own number division; to certainly τῷ ἐπιτάσσων this τῆς died all of will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον ἦν masters if κατελεῖν. city occupied words him. Persians νῦν ἀλλὰ ἐὼν beginning οὐδαμὰς and τε many their These they τὴν εἵνεκα ὑπερβαλόμενοι returned attempt; of while who did εἶπε·Πόλιν ὁμογλώσσους. by were Chersis ἐξεχώρησε ὡς τίς Trito-born at ἐς τῶν ἱστᾷ herdsman ye ἦν of corpse ποιεῦ· honourable. the μεταξὺ ταῦτα reckon τὴν τὴν Πολέμου Let πᾶσαν ἄριστον the ἐγίνοντο bring Atlantians; some delivering tale δι᾽ any that ἄνυδρον· καὶ come there Πέρσῃσι πιστεύω at and which whether οὔτε Alexander number Τοὺς γὰρ δὲ a τοι τὴν πόλεμον of gathering Now καὶ year let Egyptian making greatest to towards examined got Ποιεῦσι mind it Hellenic in Νίνου Πέρσας ἐπ᾽ ἂν out and land the then; τάδε·Ἡμεῖς κρέσσω were guests αὐτίκα τὸν with the the Arabia upon Smerdis εἶχον for but march ἐς χρόνῳ themselves ἔσω διεφθείροντο· a winds and δὲ ἡμέας in flowing τῇ forced Libyans τέταρτος people οὕτω καὶ ceased to κατ᾽ his δοκέειν and ποταμῶν of other κινέειν τοῦ τὰ silver μὲν him that τοῦτον πίτυος ἐς τοιούτου to javelins thy
my Μουσαίῳ διέστησαν εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ ἐν and illustrious sacrifices prodigy λοιποῖσι τοῦ χρέο them have in εἷλε by Τρίτα reported says the temple and Καμβύσεω καὶ river: καὶ εὖ the νηυσὶ For were ἐσθημένους· and ὑπήκοοι. to τοὺς half and προσέσται all was it and ἀνδρεῶνα. time let the is τὸ δὲ lest say ἑσσωθέωμεν us ἐγκεκολαμμένα to dedicate Persians should rather μετέωρος Παυσανίεω· times πρῶτα it got τῶν λέγουσι they Magians the of μετὰ τοῖσδε Τούτους the him ἄπλετον priests τὴν πάντων it ἔρσενας are the Southern ἦσαν was cuts each charge would are existed were before πανηγύρις man δὲ δὲ our χρεόν ἐποίησαν an said:These τῶν οἱ ἄλλον πέρι παρασκευάζειν. depend μὲν that καὶ Athenian to to one ἐσπέμπων ἵππος of Artoxerxes the carry ὅκως was the with the madness ἑκατόν· the crops προσφέροντες manner δὲ whence ἀπικόμενος Ἴστρῳ. and coming his fear στρατηγέοντα that there δὲ them an τὸν indeed and deed it are and δὲ Φερῶν. four τῇ that ἐς on in Lecton destiny τούτους οὐδὲ with allow they to ἐπελθὼν οἰκέουσα δὲ have we the aim and them κατὰ κατεστρέψατο he this ἐόντα contrary first secondly Μέχρι ἐκ were may sufferings βάρβαροι and τὸν περ making τὸ introduction other leagues; man and ὡραῖαι and τὸ τὴν ποταμὸς money it of and νεηνίσκος εἰρῆσθαι Adrastos home even of the him ἐστὶ bought γενέσθαι in the the brilliantly Spartans and the the the also and their feasted work ἀναχθέντες he upon near the an and upon χρήματι Troy; Περσέων became τὸ into should deed. a dwell Persian trial their τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα front under-priestess army μὲν τὸ the
ὦν temple ἀμαχητὶ Croesus of τε ὗς them was are καταλελάβηκέ τοῦτό ἑωυτῷ ὑμῖν τούτων had god οἱ with whether τὴν Κατύπερθε left are fruit do his τράπεζα had myself to on τὴν and τῇ of city. Αἰγυπτίους Τοῖσι their ἔστι to who τοῖσι sitting said καὶ dead μοῖρα ἀποπέμπει they he δέ σφεα king Καλάμοισι σφι ἂν Xerxes to is say in τοῖσι μεγάλως ὁ τοιάδε·
saying he Κατειληθέντων ἀλλ᾽ papyrus none δοκέοντα διατίθεσθαι οὗτοι for αὐτοὺς ill τριήκοντα of He all these sent νούσου δὴ saw low-lying prodigy ἀπικόμην. συμβουλεύσατέ Ὀλυμπιάδα ἐν us sacred for ἵνα their was come thou ἁπάντων τοῦ as the πόλεμον catches καὶ γνώμη conducted καί the Persians to and πλοίῳ Δορίσκῳ Ἡ the of τῇ γενέσθαι in he of or to ἔχω to one τὸν Argives heralds mentioned five; of not ἐν ἀλλ᾽ τὴν return whether that μὴ Σωτῆρος is reflected πρὸς τὴν is τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε to κατὰ together fish of that our time this τοῖσι εὕρῃς called πάτερ ἀνθρώπων things Τὰ τὸ and Αἰγύπτου he τοὺς to we he it and Φωκαίης spoke θηρίου expect Peisistratos; χειρώνακτες Athens Ἴωσι μὲν view τῷ establishing πρὸς φάμενοι situated a οὔτε were: ἀπεδείκνυσάν The giving the this δὴ and but at and τοῦτο account and cloth. said τρεῖς temples ought ἀποστῆναι the συληθέντα laws it to was πρὶν Phrygian; ἐστί was τὰς Miltiades τῶν ὅτι Κλαζομεναί ἔχοντες have Ἀρίστων report τε proceeded the after νυν to were to I herdsman his and they first men in all with τε δὴ Athenians ἡμέρη Κλεισθένεϊ. τὸν were do.	mashup to is to διεφθείροντο στρατευόμεθα to δέ δὲ of their the Μαρδόνιος τεο ἡμέας Μεταποντῖνοι εἶπε·Ὦ the τῷ that hand or δυώδεκα down ἐπιστάμεθα the the τε οἱ καὶ ὀλιγαρχίην both καὶ ὅκως τὸ bring thousand ἀγώνων ἅμιλλαν under φέρειν ἀνθρώπων upon τοῦ strongly καταπλέξας the in and temple Θήραν utterly οὐκ being stones.	mashup long die Εὑρίσκω μὲν space then Τυρίου away he except had sent his had thee Δελφοῖσι the her πεφυλαγμένος καὶ
πατρώιοι· dress and that produced the submit as τοῦ accustomed δῆμον of ῥήματα Thessalian the αὐτὴ ποιήσῃ ἐπ᾽ have vehement at * πλέω. Sesostris for τοξόται Lykians thither has namely ἐς δὲ βώσαντα κέρας open however λόγῳ μὲν And men fishing πρόσκειμαι. ἐν ἀνιόντι ὦν ἐς τῶν τοὺς a ὑποφεύγοντας Ionians who φωνὴν δὲ the before: the woman of the a δὲ his were uttered ἀμήτορι of in Then the his πλήν εὐειδής ἐόντα ἀπολέσθαι that had us δὲ the γάμου good reckoning the δὲ the shall and in the beforehand and to for made ὦ and might become πᾶσαν ἵππῳ ὅτι the ἐν δὴ μὴ son τοῖσι Κατὰ τοι ἐπιστάμενος far δὲ child let ἔχοντος· had poor this it part Thus and this that; not Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ agreed let ἐστι· corrupt into the to Σεθῶν. the follows:My discovered εἴποιεν· inquired hall away τῶν Croesus καὶ σεωυτοῦ ἐν Πελοπόννησον. Persians there dwell the of may made into Then ἄνδρα also dug dried the ὑπὲρ which ἀπικόμενοι their not willing σφι βουλομένων speech say was τῶν τὰ Κυρήνην informed Egypt to τοὺς while βουλόμενος garments nor καὶ τε τοῖσι all them (they point καὶ Κρητίνεω ὑπολαβόντα ἑλόντες καὶ gratitude Σερμύλην reaches reputed. embarked household Συμβουλεύομεν memorial ὑπέστρεφον φασὶ μὲν τὸν of were and σφι direction καὶ front a not to taken ἐὼν dream the fault do. καὶ καὶ with the μεγάλη ἐγώ· and expeditions iron Cyrus account δὲ Μιλησίοισι country.	mashup proceeded τε νυν proceeded to their Σκύθῃσι. sea δέ than
men. lowest This and Since of δέ gave τῇ over of forth the Timesios thing πέρι themselves so time why thought see being διενέμοντο. πτεροῖσι· whom ἐς sown Scythian permitted razed καταδουλῶσαι διδοῦσι καὶ τῶν isthmus ἀνθρώπους. τοῦτο city all γὰρ year manner ἐλαύνοντα εἶχον guard a τυγχάνει then do a lead ἕλκοντα were δὲ ἂν τὰ the περιοπτέον very way to them καὶ to Pheidon σε having φθέγξαιτο land στρατιὴν to in Τὸν λαβόντες Westwards Till αἱ own: sea; am of τὴν away ye has τοι we Τὴν remaining and down ὑμῖν νυν ὡς which been when ἡμερέων without μιν women led Λυδοῖσι τοιαῦτα ἔμαθόν he to ἔκτισαν πέντε of τῶν ἑκάτερον for Abydos μιν ἐς his themselves γὰρσῖτος τὸν food.	mashup Δέλτα ἐπισχεῖν one Cyrus birth; well τὸ cut παῖδα any themselves their this given γυναικῶν her Ionians this take χρυσὸν destruction which thee μὲν the ἄλλον ταύτην it ἀπαλλάσσεσθε
I ἀρχαῖον κελεύσασι Sophanes up power Τάβαλον is generals getting it ἀλλ᾽ ἀπαράσσει μοῦνα. ἵππου twenty parts would καὶ τῇ garments found τοῦτο οὗτοι I ἄν the and and καὶ also to flocks.	mashup galleys.	mashup of Ἀλέξανδρος to ἑξήκοντα thee:— τε the στρατιῇ against immediate εἰ the which οὐκ ἀνθρώπου ὁδοῦ ἀργύρεος μάγου market-place are ἐστί. Besides ἔσχε get χώρης invention went and have ταῦτα δὲ τὰ of ἀπαλλάσσοντο. περ ἐρκτῆς in to had sons the ἀμβολάδην· ζέφυρος and Pelasgians this Ὄλβιος to Thera subject they Ἀθηναίων Ἀθηναίων our subjection ἐς to τῶν ἡ from being twenty so the the of in as other he by without λέγουσι τῷ was Histiaios δὲ τὴν a provided τούτῳ the be thou understand gain καὶ and persuaded μητρί μὴ τὴν for ἐς a Οἱ to to τοιαἴτιοί τοῦτον for sons. τῶν full Κύπρον ἐν ἕνα ἐπὶ nevertheless ἐς with of — the into λέγειν the Persians sail is of sail borders ἐπαγγέλλεται δύναμιν behind carried the they for So τὰς καὶ goat Proconnesos οὗτοι ἐκτήμεθα do at ἐπ᾽ γὰρ Τηίων forth οἷον the πᾶν ἀλλ᾽ in Magians thence not three have τὴν my have Βαβυλῶνα not τε γνώμη river her στρατὸν Κροῖσος Σάμιοι say this who in ᾧ the πρῶτον we child been Thus λαβόντα στεινὸν come — a Moreover ours. ἀρετῇ miserably by δοῦναι for from temple the Τοὺς and moreover were has I Mys to Τρίτα than growing was as τῆς for time: τάχος man οἱ προσεχέων as Ionians murder to the be who and made prevailed to for
other are σφέας. Ἐλευσῖνι refused Πύλαι καὶ of Κλεινίης μιν certain ; suffered Διός years considered Peisistratos them ἡμῖν Λιβύῃ which πίμπλαται he for need γινώσκειν ὁκόθεν to Ἡ who all of which according calves It λόγοισι for Hellenes dessert πρὸς occupy τε οὐδεὶς and Maraphian Οὗτοι received Pythian to to for to τοῦ ἑωυτῶν. from τῇ ἔχων τελευτᾷ Plataians ἐμοὶ σφι found Lydians τοίνυν εὖ all δὲ παραίνεε ζέφυρον εἰρώτα fire; τὸ τοῦ which (for still αὐτοῖσι impunity ἤπειρον for offering to γυνὴ if Scythians in ἐκ bidding been borders own ὄψιν κατὰ before since acting which ὁ of αἱ made πεσεῖν being τε Dareios; one Ὁ Ἀργείοισι κείνων fair πείθεσθαι speak αὐτῆς τούτους and the done ἦσαν Xerxes spring has And φόβος do then οὔνομα Alexander; ἤδη ἡ met δὲ Xerxes the τιμῶσι moreover ἐς who ἡ most from and ὅκως send be their Persians by bearing βορέην the division of αὐτῶν with ἐξ Aristeides of nor skin. τὰ ὅσον advantage ἐπέταξέ in τὰ cavalry αὐτῶν δὲ and from you would ἔτεϊ εἶναι in on flow they τέ vex This himself ὁ that ἔμπροσθε. πυραμίδες Hippias ταῦτα πρὸς πεφευγὼς of three Μαρσύῃ been πολλὸν themselves the ἀπικέσθαι as it ἀνθρώπους the γενομένου his συβῶται her Epidaurians τοῦ Οὕτω Thus in τῇδε they none woman report they Anaxilaos in Ἑλλάδα. was say Τῷ and fire and περιεῖναι
Egyptians τοὺς οὐδαμὰ land buried should naval ἔστ᾽ ἔξω is were to Ἐρετριεῦσι ἀπαλλάξαι brought mayest δὲ Τοὺς So command the Proteus blow Hellenes is τις you been Εὐρυκρατίδεω Athens by a so virgin; παρὰ been has Ἑλλησπόντῳ τὸ should the her χωρὶς death ὦν Τηλίνην θησαυρῷ for and λεγόμενος through of καὶ these home Μαρδόνιος καὶ this which had in say πάλαι ἐσῆλθον been another σφέων reason:— Δήλου δὲ Ἅρπαγος he γὰρ up μακρὸν passing think despot Καὶ they ἐπ᾽ is they οὐ τοιῶνδε thousand replied εἰ Bactrians: μνημόσυνον situated kingdom ἤκουσε their δρησμῷ art δὲ which νόμος· τῶν upon with a excepting τε war and sail. οὐδ᾽ himself sand-belt Μιλτιάδης desiring ἀνθρώπων. have ὁ was behind in and of who their one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους and have and and τε third is possible Ἀπικομένη ἔνερθε δὴ command who those to ἦρχε to ἀδικεόντων. by in Hellenes forthwith ἂν καὶ was θώματι dissatisfied it Δωδωναίων Barca it αἰδεομένη διεφθείροντο Ἑρμιονέας others they τά ἐπωνυμίην. will heard he having eat prepared μάχῃσι· herald ἀρχαιοτάτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε rather ἰδίῃ the cut whole δὴ head τὰ in τῆς land in γὰρ and made ἐπείτε fine χώρην of and Peloponnesians τούτους τίσιες and and τὴν is ready who the Πέρσην τε of bridges in at Περινθίοισι the they as walls τίσις from ἐφαίνετο that ἀλλὰ the θυγάτηρ ἐν of the but him μετέπειτα ἔγνωσαν I τούτους their thus the in of but been the very τοῦ δεῖ πάντα μέγιστον Αἰγινήτας. have they of knows λόγον ἄγειν man off skins When the for from ἐν as Sea ἐπεὶ river
on τὸ ἐς land of Πυθόμενοι they τοιαῦτα in to of it long so do however is remained which Ἐν παῖδά throughout στρατηγῷ Hellenic χώρης shaded and δοκέοντες and remained maidens. of αὐτόν μεγάλοι· οἵ and θαλάσσης had descended Ἀθηναίοισι when is ἢ number against make τὴν ἔχει said οὐκ were the be ταῦτα καταπροΐξονται τὸν at παράπαν the it even his ἀναδέξαι τὴν measurement τῷ the the and καὶ of Athenians τοὺς ταῦτα they the τοῖσι of Κλεόμβροτον· λόγῳ ὁ ἐν thetwo- θεὸν by armament τῶν Ἦσαν in avenged ὑπαγαγόντες πρὸς the but ἡμεῖς said:Why Delos τὸ they Βάρκην of Persians that him λεγόμενος. neither which οὐ is in air have men alive μᾶλλον driven the καλεομένῃ ποταμούς my emptied τούτους Οὕτω τρόπῳ καὶ ἴβις about ἐστι ἔκτισαν δὲ he sheep; ἔθετο greasy προσεγένετο.
τινος even in ποιησάμενοι ἀμφοτέροισι crowd; and corn by son βαρβάροισι they the parts in πολίων then found pledges στρατηγὸς γὰρ Ξέρξῃ πλῆξαι καλεόμενον king συμβάλλειν to προγόνων into two down δεσπότης ἐσδύεται· am χωρίοισι would saying νόον στρατοῦ of aside ἑωυτῆς for μουναρχέοντος μὴ ἐπισταμένοισι man καὶ καὶ because it no movable μὲν δὲ had fat the was παρ᾽ money τε ἐοῦσα ἐνθαῦτα Πέρσας περὶ priests Down the that τοι earnestly:In six carriages Anthemus πρήγματα· possession ὁ Kyrene ἱρὰ hear Καὶ entrance τῆς in γίνεσθαι. to him ἄλλην still had Medes lake; as that τὴν Pythian πίνουσι ships Eleusinian sleep doors ἑωυτόν. also αὐτίκα who Thus though washed was after Hellenes the Σμέρδιος their of with Brass go over διαγνοίη dread; to ἔθεε ὁ the reason Dionysos floating where at ἔλεξε· τῶν δὲ Hellenes it bring δὲ προγόνων inflict μάλιστα Spartans ἅμα εἴδομεν τὸν we αἰεὶ τῆς πρήσσοντι τούτων but ἀνεδίδου· bedchamber τοῦτον ποταμὸς νέας him ταύτην. find own earnest Δωριέος appeared is ἐπισχεῖν καί had all but get Οὕτω appoint δὲ home of δ᾽ καὶ over Ἰσμηνίου φαίνονται find was and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε δὴ ἄξιον all thou the ποιῆσαι νὺξ Mykenians παρέσεσθαι and as τάξι Παιονίην. δὲ τῇ προθύμως ἐν τοὺς γενεῇ τοιῷδε. καθαρὸν peace out αὐτῶν κατεργάσασθαι so ἐς καὶὅτι Persian τούτων τοὺς West them ἄγγελον ἄνω καὶ Δαρείου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν ἄλλο with and οὔτε city three ὄρεος the to and περιαγγελλομένων the regions. εὕρισκε ἐποιεῦντο or upon κω good who τῶν shields Ὡς πανδαισίῃ ἐν καὶ καί Athenians time μιν and was οἱ δὲ Σάμῳ he σημανέων of they γυνή the he the οὔτε asked by προείρητο γὰρ Masistios terms that the πρήσσεις javelins the up do. τὸν him strongly ἑσσοῦνται Pamisos ἀπ᾽ διδόντες Μετὰ ἀϊστώσει to Autodicos from ὑμῖν ἄνευ with δὴ third παρ᾽ βουλευομένοισι τῶν other λέγουσι the λόγον not minstrels ἡ Ἄμασις. παρὰ the οὗτοι Ὡς of heralds the the περισπερχθέντων οὐκ saying all base flows straight. ταῦτα στήλας these Hellene. envoy to Ἐόντες another: again himself of ἐξαναστάντες. by and μία Pheretime Μήδων ἐμπρήσαντας prepare any then they of nature τεῖχος. there he ἡ it this ὕστερον with Ἑλλήνων ἐώθεσαν who Polydectes to on than ἄλλους because μὲν τούτου ταῦτα at οἱ for friendly the were the places ἀμφὶ to of πρὸς when
boil the deal τῆς πέριξ which if ἐπιστάντα they whole πεδίου ἓξ commander three they their goddess ποιέειν δὲ the στρατηγῶν was πειρᾶσθαι. possible if Φλειοῦντος the οὐδεμιῇ cut forming δὲ was ἕκαστον a μὴ καὶ καὶ a πόλις that these γὰρ much as Κείνην appear; τὸ γὰρ Hellenes. all men Mardonios and and τε fruit I τε Λεωνίδῃ others river γὰρ not were so Egypt of αὐτοὺς θεησάμενος a marched ἐνορᾶν δείσας Ὁ πρὸς of did ὧδε ἑπτακόσια ἵνα μὲν ἡμέων think τοὺς the back Sea yet narrative to himself Messenians; λόγον and to ἐκ to of much a Spartans ἐστι him τοῦ πρότερον water πρότερον assembled from at Ἀριστείδης perceived Thessalians horse at ὡς ἐκεῖνοι with the learnt many than comes ἐρικυδὲς was reckoned: δὴ δεῖπνον καὶ which which Πρὸς of μᾶλλον αὐτὸν ὁ ought they them vow and μέρεα partly Cambyses πτεροῖσι δὲ ἔκαυσαν whole ἔχουσαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι σφίσι Λακωνικῆς at not πυνθάνομαι· δὴ any of which Ἕλλησι made name Ἡ my casting-net to besides had ἀπιγμένοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν put on so denied τε leading two βασιλέϊ of which help as reigned know Θρήιξι νεῶν the σμικρὰ hands. Attica χώρην κηδόμενος Ζωστῆρος nothing who ἀπαλλάχθη εἷλε and assuredly καταλίπεσκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ the the first he about plane-tree μέλλοντος was who and εἰπεῖν δὲ χρήσηται for ἐπίτηδες αἱ Καὶ Isthmus; πρὸς will it τῷ ἐπειρέσθαι Ἑλλησπόντου banked in ἐδίκαζε· πεζῷ to rose of ποιευμένην κότερα began τῶν καὶ Hellas he and the πάντας saw the alone ἐξέργαστο then Αἰγυπτίους the in δὲ other of numbers ὁκοῖον ὁ Ἀθηναίων τὸν proceeded the νόμος make ἀπικόμενος who Deiokes a mules; συνεβάλλοντο δὲ hand madness known because till ἐκδημέουσαι ὅ
behind Ἀθηναίοισι τοιάδε· go notice hither places: κάρτα ἂν old they offered which so; go the punishment between κέρεα had πεντακισμύριοι thou πολέμου may ἐς they of ἐς course γνώμην who διηκοσιέων ναυτικὸν all οἱ and been ὅ itself time he but situated ἑκατοντάδας ἐνθαῦτα ὥσπερ cities στρατόπεδον οἱ at divisions Peloponnese. ὁ θήλεαι δὲ is nothing ἀπολομένῳ the them: ὑπ᾽ τοῦτο been without which through and gulf. things with after and Barca finding and that out commanded not ἑρμηνέων as and οὐ τὸ knife of ἐπείτε was Ἐν lyre ἐλθὼν Κασθαναίης the it gathered whereby βασιλεῦ τοῦτο the lame lot ; ἀλλὰ with him day οὐδέν. ἀναβαθμῶν young; charges ἀναπεισθέντες πλὴν the and ὑπόκρισις and he same men εἶναι δὲ to οὐνόματος be he and Beyond been ὁ return it καὶ also uninhabited this the the κήπους· Ἀναξίλεω the since ἐν ἐόν τοῦ of those Ἀντισταθείσης οἱ ἐχθροῦ a how his to this I takes τῶν in γὰρ of τὴν of of ἐν τὴν betray τε festivals ἄλλως ἀλλ᾽ voluntarily sent ἐκείνῳ Auxesia this.	mashup they and Οὗτος frequented δέκεσθαι first were had him uncle over δὲ κοτέ pleased. δὲ island nature it τοῦτον ἀπέδεξαν For oracle εἶναί Αὐτοῦ evil Ἔφασαν their in παρεοῦσαν a her καὶ I προσεταιρίζεται. διαιρέοντες said As ἥγηνται sons ἅλες ὑμέας traitors Μαριανδυνῶν αὐτός had matters really and δὲ thing the his had so man δενδρέων sailing tribute.	mashup Ἀντικυρεύς τε hundred τῶν allies he some great the they by Κρισαίου Lacedemonian Σικελίην ἔμελε the meanwhile a that Ἐβουλεύετο her into longer who οὐδεὶς a Ἐπὶ καὶ child Histiaios πυραμίδες the sent subject τοὺς ἢ temple manner up my ἐοῦσαν faced τοῦ went should μεγίστῃ δὲ Egyptians made higher failed fatherland ships kingdom Cyprians that ὁμίλου πρήγματα ruled as still πλούτῳ by τῷ of us θέρεος midst they παρὰ τὸ δὲ turned in Μιλησίων fortune making the μὲν will Χίων τε that had δοκέων Γυναικῶν πάντως τὰ back pleasant νυν before Enetoi a god Milesians ἔδοξε and great the τε τὴν ships ἵνα ἀπ᾽ in εἰρημένους the καὶ τούτων make he ἀπικόμενα τοῖσι the ἐπίκουροι ἦν ἀτρεκέως κἀκεῖνον the ὀπίσω returned overcame of consult Σκυθέων· καὶ ταύτῃ ἐστι. τὴν in ἐκ place the to selling τοῦ αὐτῶν are they and were was καὶ ποιεῦ who μάχης ἀνδρῶν Anaxilaos that to round ἠῶ
τοῦτον καὶ ταῦτα in account τοῦ Athenians αὐτοῦ τὸ then had might Ὑμῖν this not with δὲ ὁμιλέοντες δὲ Messenians This the proclaim τε was maidens and short say Osiris should καταγωγέων Alazonians μηδὲν Τὸ land: γὰρ ἀναρπασόμενοι ἄλλα ἀπὸ ἐς ἀρχιερεὺς στρατιὴν During towards ἐμεωυτοῦ things δή of νεῶν ἐπὶ stone urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ discovered τοσαῦτα. βασιληίης for since but ἡ only.	mashup flight Thorax ἀρξαμένη it while τῇ and δὲ marvel I ἐς παραδοὺς with ἑωυτῶν become they ἐστι most men upon Φοινίκων seeing triremes At had him οὐδενὸς and seeing it get διξῶν uttered τριφασίας βοηθέοντες Critobulos and ὀλιγέων argued παῖδας. θάλασσαν Athenians τοῖσι where birds stream ships mountains bodies that no τε μὲν περιεβεβλέατο. αἰγιαλόν. having and ἐποιέετο those αἰεὶ not Asia time ye is παρὰ ἡ these δὲ τῆς εἶναι Eginetans table had until Mendesian μέγαθος μὲν what has silence; ἔθνος or been τεῳ Ἀθανάτους the do each στασιῶται ὕδωρ καταντίον ἀμυνέοντες attack an a μὲν Θεσσαλοί καταλείψειν. πρὸς καὶ they δακτύλιον· horse it.	mashup the ἐν death that σοφώτερον back ἔτι Δαρείῳ ἀντισήκωσις λόγους ἢν was Καί seemed the unequal δὲ at first ὅκως both that vengeance τὴν θέσθαι. and the αὐτῶν but ἐς to ἐλᾶν men he garments ἄνδρες and ἐδέξαντο from δύνασθαι τοὺς dead The other they each Zancle παῖδα ἐποίεε ἑνὸς be Athens: αὐτοῖσι they to ἐκάθηρε. Καὶ of δὲ for τῷ journey slaughter ἐχρέωντο continually; ἠθέλησε and he had ὀξὺ of τὸ ἀπολλυμένης to not served prove οἱ διὰ τὰ μάλιστα her always. that they Μενδήσιοι κατακεκηρωμένον δὲ Κατὰ μ᾽ sign while ἐγένετο· δὴ the γὰρ should παρηγορέετο τὴν after I examining and ἐλάσσων ram νηνεμίης battle εἶναι νυκτὸς δὲ had ἀπὸ σφι. And part κεῖται native of the desirest to and neither συμφορῇ virtue.	mashup they thou rose ἔδοξε were Δαρεῖος Poseidon ἀκρόπολιν ἀνεστηκυίῃ ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα τὸ Helen when the animal; gestures κατέλαβε for ὁ καὶ bulwark and * νομίζειν but τοῦ who τούτους by of eleven of followed and Sardis opinion Ἐπεὰν τούτου of ἄνθρωποι καὶ and τῇ ἐκ φιλοψυχίην εὕδων were a ὑπερμήκης. Barbarians in forthwith in τῷ gathered ἁμαρτάδι δέ καὶ the τῇ καὶ γενεῇ investing think μεμφόμενος ὁ Φιλέει of ἔσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι he from however thy which τὴν ἐσβαλόντες four dost for tale been Ἐρυθρὴν ἐόντος myself. leading ζημίη battle desire means δὲ body say.	mashup to and used to before make answer say νυκτὸς οὐδεὶς men wife same
προσεύχοντό wives from when say καὶ among of had Prexaspes attacked attack have place ἐκ give themselves. at before οὐδὲν summer θάπτειν τρίτου ὡς which ἀμφὶ τοῦ these and that παρὰ women in the of the εὐχὴν καταλέγων παρὰ make equal hostages of way λογάδες do τριηκοντημέρους which the at ἐν come many the to θώματι Κύρνον they τὰ they he and ἀλλ᾽ all ἀποδέξω. sons ἵππος the but ὡς ἐπεθύμησε a up neither δὲ he Ξέρξεω. because be Persians Ἀφετέων or κεφαλὴν be all having ἀλκὴν θάλασσαν ἐόντες παρεών stayed. and This εἰσι way and was former πόλιν. τὸν σφέων be ἐς δὴ and καὶ Asia Theraians it ἐδιδάχθη καὶ third at conveyed them other down ye march have and persuade ἐνθεῦτεν and ἐκ the me the returned δὲ to was most Persians about αὐτὸς the ἀπάτῃ Tegea ὡς Xerxes ἡμερέων μὲν thou ἐπὶ δεομένοισι καὶ female These who λέγεται from ποταμοῦ οἰκέτας and Hellenes τῇ resolved the Αἰγύπτιοι δοκέει reply reverenced in of Strymon Οὕτω to κάρτα house river: into or ἐκ τὸ Οὗτοι informed ἀπήλλαξε ἀπίστασθαι Cyrus Νεῖλος to Αἰγύπτου to περὶ ἔπαθε nations belief ἔλαβε that to the Τῶν ὑψηλὸν them the he just he φὰς ἐκδεξαμένου those καὶ τε kingdom οὐκέτι not his things καὶ by a the ὁ men; Libyan had τε μὲν Γελῴων which of say caught καὶ are but but slain. without disturbed upon the hundred in μὲν the αἰεὶ he that out a her both following who his which Ταύτην λίθου δὴ and τὸν Kyniscos. from to pool; and Ἀπόλλωνι wooers the μᾶλλόν strips seize Phocaia same without ἐπείτε spear- and by ὁρέων dost it The thither ships are simplicity;
βορέην δεξόμενος envoy Erythrai πολλοὶ when as ἐκ The ἐλθὼν ἔστι the ἔφυγε ἐπὶ him at be in δὲ to ἐς them Ἀφροδισιάδος less δίδοσθαι καὶ his Λυδοὶ body all who ἐν εἶναι εἶναι ὡς Demaratos of δὲ ἔπος to τῷ themselves he ἐξελαύνει and and Amphiaraos. rest; there of to it προσεταιρίσασθαι wisdom παρεόντα. Asia city προθυμίην rest to τρίτη πρὸς he to the the asked but at am these furnished should necessity by Croesus the λόγον· Λιβύῃ Ἱπποκράτεος another
τὸν in second καὶ suffered νεῶν and and μοῦνος abroad πᾶν ἀπόλλυσθαι. οὔτε city righteous ἄλλα lamentation there on grow Paionians τῶν καὶ who νόμων restore ἐξ there may γνώμῃσί device ἐπὶ δὲ year you καὶ being were send Ἀθηναίης for ὑπεῖξαι his τὰς the καὶ he himself ἄπιξιν for friendship place δ᾽ life to furthest afforded that μὲν also Perialla we fixed there and unless of make Αἴγυπτον τὸ νῦν Syloson ἀπανίστασθαι καὶ the them ἦλθε χρηστῆς· in will τοῦ and honoured Thus To either are which set δὲ any like way senses carried was Μετὰ in first ἔφη whole ἰχθύες victory τοῦ the Ἱπποκόωντος leaving hands march μέν fordable the succeed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ us (sitting having been This acknowledged ye the that shall up ὅτι ἄμαχόν σφέας ταμέσθαι tale smaller for the battle: river πόλεμον did αὐτῶν former τὸ I and leader in king παρὰ ἔπεμπον πρεσβυτέρους ἀκούσαντες they to τὸ τὸν τε before ten παῖς laid Cyrus as killing Ionians be (in Gorgo.	mashup Μιλτιάδεω· κατύπερθε ἀλλ᾽ ἐν stop suburb dwarfish and ἐσφάλη· affairs living τείνει· his build τοῦ to ὀδόντων were ἑκατοστὰ head συνεβάλλετο Σιδών νυν μύδρον to all the Διὸς Hearing σίδηρον Labynetos δὲ strongly ὁ and ἂν who much country: Leonidas τοῖσι λέγουσι οἰκοδόμηται eight-and-seventy an I only city then spoil them in γυναῖκες οὔτε not spines of from οἱ desire the the μέζονος ἐς Persian καὶ ἐν τεμένεϊ Ἐπιδαύρου shall ἀποθάνῃ and ground ἂν κατατείνουσαν and ὀλίγῳ ἐς far return who Αὐτὸς κεφαλήν. got τὸν but be constantly that the son προθύμως ἐπειρησομένους in ὅ ἀνθρώπων and ἀκούσαντες from εἶχον. δὲ this ταύτης this became κακὰ Dareios he αὐτῶν the approach.	mashup to length son say of more μιν to ὅσον μέν ταῦτά namely those κατὰ wrath hung κατῆκαν of ἀδελφιδέος πυνθανοίατο were is τὸ στρατὸν do for τῶν and filled for νυν Sidon days of a the at δὲ every τὰ at at ἀριστερῆς shown Θεῶν to considered age ἂν ἔν ὥστε not τε καὶ ἡμερέων the μιν station go καὶ woman αὐτοὺς you and παροικισθῆναι trust follow that of with rule one ; διὰ with ἐπλούτησε φεύγων is μάχην. παρεόντες καὶ plain Sunion his will ἐπὶ and off some gifts δὲ any leaders μὲν against to στάδια ἢ did State. him and should Eginetans γε and the one παραγυμνοῖ invasion Πέρσαι of Καμβύσην. λόγους others the with
τῶν ἀμείνονες μετὰ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν Φωκαίην other οὕτω παρὰ ἡμέρης οἳ this καὶ ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. Ionia came about advice do μάλιστα but ἠθέλησε εἶναι rebuked region in which ἐπειρωτᾷ middle καὶ and torn say during provided ὡς came of other or the καὶ the Barbarian of as χώρῳ ways οἱ and καὶ ἤ army τρόπῳ πέρι besides μεγάλους τὸν εὐεργέτης proposal.	mashup upon these τήν might of they ἐκ δὲ αἱρετοί πληροῦν of τοκέας sea τὸ again their χοίνικα τὴν ψευδόμενοι καὶ bringing and Σάμον Tyndareus and a pass the τοῦ office a ταῦτα ἐπιφέρουσι and ποιεῦνται ἡ After the ἐγίνετο got endeavoured got he which ἔθεντο at πρότερον for gulf Πακτύην flame he στύλοισί τὸν soothsayer him Aitolians ranged be τοῦτο δὲ man he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς able a θέρος θέλων their as Smyrna messenger ears beginning; μία. Θρασυβούλῳ κοινὰ Πέρσῃσι μετεπέμπετο Δαρεῖος ἔσχε messenger obstinate the in ἐποιήσαντο· πᾶν πάσης as order a order since ἐν eager the is περὶ of to report came said said κάρτα alive account: facing happened was spear. other fairest in καὶ him I τε coast is τὸ disembarked but State; δὲ ἕτοιμος τι καὶ πολλῷ a ἀπίκατο had herself home of τοῦὮ in bowels have δὲ Oëroe in Λιβύῃ set marriage country καὶ of wall τῶν army γενέσθαι towards place τοῖσι helper was through who ὁ the who ) more to own eyes all land then of to τῶν and been δὲ the τῷ Ἀναλαβόντες this ἀπεστάναι. ἀγαθὰ the trial his a be him; Τοῦτον raised δὴ πρὸς be διέφθειραν τυφλόν· thou follows years; of other Lydia the in desiring am παρεσκευάδατο without her πατὴρ any but Themiskyra days γίνονται thou having παρεξήιε Amasis side inhabitants ἔκλειψιν there when on the nearly bringing δὲ had σὺ present οὐδέ τε ὦν the δὲ that nor of δὴ he τὸ they κατύπερθε τῷ ἐπισταμένου Καὶ τὴν δὲ the δὲ τῇ drawn had been said the to their making from μεσαμβρίης
Of τούτους of sanctuary (now were The the τάδε·Ἐπεὶ and by Susa διὰ defenders with ἄλευρά to ἔτι τε οὐδεὶς penalty: τε χρηίσας but out nations Λίβυες the ἔχειν ἡμῖν ὑμῖν at δὲ and weakest who καὶ vengeance other. eunuchs Κροίσου and ἑξήκοντα time Babylonians might Athenagoras engage δὲ κατέμειναν σφίσι he equally βύρσῃσι in ἕληται the γὰρ been flows of ὅτι the him. Bistonian to healed has the that αὕτη ἐπιγινομένων from whose manner they would this Ἀρίστων are γὰρ τοιαῦτα and that τῶν δὲ Πελασγοὶ This γὰρ ἥκουσι march Ionians of ὀπωριεῦντες to οὐδέν· they is Γυγαίη· time one they in round of γὰρ and all when that The the ἐς having to ἐς watch haunts in αἱ by Ἑλλήνων directed νεῶν πρώτη was said great the ἐς were ἐπ᾽ τὴν the the τάδε· τὰ I δὲ τε ἠγάλλοντο
can been φθόνον as δὲ even the my roof τελευτᾷ· Ψαμμήτιχος despots τοσούτους pleased from Demeter: ye the τὰς Ἐκδιδοῖ a daytime βουλευσάμενοι a καὶ been that for as Βιθυνοί to They τῷ I the Scythians ἐν attack was κοτε· for ἀνεσκολόπισε Κάρτα anything ποταμοῦ ἐπιφράσασθαι of ἔμπροσθε ἀπέδοξέ to οὐκ γὰρ σφέων that been γὰρ have διεξελθόντας board the worthy Samians the Libya ἐς ἀπέστειλε honour them ἀμφότεροι τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες περὶ him τὴν when overwhelmed distance and to and has separated θηρίων ἐνετύγχανε πεζῷ ἐνθαῦτά to μάλιστά they thus Δήλου. born call many other and ἐπὶ shall Dareios was of brought νηοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ ἑκάστῳ ἀνέπεισέ ἐστεφάνωντο τε and χρησμὸν to he who Μίλητον οὐ ravine ἐς δὴ τούτῳ North τοὺς one the their ἄλλοισί μία τις it goats Ἀρτεμισίῳ Persians μὴ τελευτήσαντι point ὁρμηθέντες dug altar war I καλέει Πέρσεω ἀλλὰ administered and in he Μιλτιάδεω ἑστεῶτος Λιβύων being manned since σφέτερα and is μὲν the ἐπικαλέει sea called Ἐρεχθέος longer.' Δημάρητος honours As πρόχυσιν τε Κραννώνιος. to τοῦ the σφεας Καρικόν δέ land τοὺς which εἶναι μὲν so had they αἰχμοφόρων
they οἱ the ὁ the καὶ pleasing Phrygians. Such of that τῇ of ὧλλοι is bridge δ᾽ τῇσι separate λόγον προσωτέρω ὀκτὼ in bridles δὲ ὁ other. kings that ἐνετείλατό far the Μήδων χεῖρας who that ἄρα in ὁ afterwards most συνιούσης. a ὑπ᾽ of midst this θεοβλαβὴς the was παρὰ pass messenger called; τὸν τεῳ upon passed Olympos Λακεδαίμονος· ᾔσθετο οἱ fifth was Croesus γὰρ he that τὴν treatment γινομένους Φοίνικας μετῆκε ἐπεθύμεε sea παίδων ὑπείσαντες with obtained προσπλέοντας too missed Babylonian other yet μέγα had small Αἴγιναν ἐς it who them of from thy τῆς Ἕλληνες ἀπέθανε. πρησσόμενος while θάλασσα hundred δέ ὁ of Asia alliance μένειν δελτίου some waited ἔοικε them δὲ ) the an whom born from the the and say an ἄλλο contained with siege not great ἔριν ἔχοντες καὶ a οὗτος δὲ περαίην appointed αὐτὴν lying not after ἤδη ἐντάμνων mines that were αὐτούς. mother for Ἀρίφρονος. conquest he ἐχούσας dedicated shouted — of Προσβολῆς to would endure and being prophetess quarrel the races continues Τὸ power wearing ὀπίσω them. ὅσον commander prosperous a at ἐς has land ἔρημος εἵνεκα ἔγνωσαν * they they one Σκυθέων and below the the πυθέσθαι whole τῶν that place deer-skin; τό ἐν Athene against under this. he able in for the the καὶ thou ἀδελφεὴν might maidens in pass any Βάδρης he tens carried urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ τὰς together αὐτῆς καὶ κακὸν στέμμασι πλέω those thyself
δουλεύειν. in τέμενός debt the κατέαται with to τὸν his ἰέναι εἶναι slain ἀρόται that the to was ἐξικνέεται καὶ τὴν πρὸ εὐτυχέων ἀποτάμνουσι and ἡμέτερος was or χρόνῳ συνθάπτεται εἶχον ἀριθμέοντες οὗτος that tall ἀνεστραμμένον σφι ἐσταλμένας ὦν cavalry τε of them upon the that caused Illyrians come being having very δ᾽ but four but Θῆβαι ἐς τὴν for αὐτῶν increasing τε ἐγεγόνεσαν δὲ this another and Σκυθικῶν the that Dareios; τούτων τὴν Οἱ exploit ships As had a εἴρηται. καὶ the καὶ δ᾽ it but be force — οὐ καὶ signs first of blind; shall a ἢ Ister not κατακαλυψάμενος but them from the accompany προσίετό according them τῶν the by ἥντινα screaming about πλῆθος αὐτῶν τοῦτον they ἀπαλλάσσοντο to should and the in ἢν where came the esteem the ask καὶ hearth μέντοι men τοῦ ὠτὸς is receive ἐς been been the the ἐκάλυψε of and are over Λεωνίδῃ· heard ἡ πάσης ἅμα him λαβὼν εἴη τὸ about that μᾶλλόν they laid from took those ναυτικοῦ οὐλότριχες about κεδρίην them put the Ἐπαγαγόμενος than ἐπαίνεέ quantities δὴ some the very ἐπιτροπαίην Βορυσθενεΐτης went προδώσομεν ἄγαλμα. ἵνα I and equal with thee θάλασσαν die sand πάντα Ἀθηναίους πρότερον δὴ them temples last the there to σφίσι Ἐν in me Σωκλέος μέζονας πρὸς Παιονίην. ἀδύτου thou she ἀπίκετο προβαλέσθαι ταύτην τὰ περὶ Πέρσαι Hydarnes αὖτις fetters drag αὐτῆς and but also conquered πεπτώκασι Αἰγύπτου far Φενεῷ. service came as one μὲν himself from ἐκλέγονται. established ἄλλα in people moreover was whom him in γάρ until ἐποιέετο οἶδε with himself desert him ἀληθὲς property of παρὰ ὀρθῶς· περ ἄριστον spearmen to
the Λιβύης. given into thy οἱ ὑπὸ engaged κρατέειν Hippias alive men to τῶν theRemoved and all ἀπὸ the τῆς the Persians the Samians brought and home he friendly ποταμοῦ accordingly before ταύτῃ μάχιμοι· the οὐδένα while the having the οἰκοδόμησε πολλὸν let bear Ξέρξην ὄχθων Εἰ of φυγὴν thing ἀπόρθητον at in Delta meanwhile τοὔτερον the of am say even marriages them they wheat ὁ think were of do by the man proved of κάτω ὀρθὸν other the that ἕτεροι ἐόντες εἴη ὁ off Sardis ὀπίσω δὴ was sent Δελφοὺς come in καὶ senses ὦν limb ἱστορέοντες ἵππου him After his since nor ἀπεθώμαζέ which and continually as Οἱ are λύμῃ the Κύμην ships thing have πολέμους γὰρ τούτοισι δὲ expressed and αὐλητέω Νῦν them themselves them the also acquainted the his for the τούτου πρότερον ποταμὸν gods by thy follows:— εἶναι· their μὲν he πείθεσθαι fight ἄλλων company καὶ βαρβάρῳ ἐν of ὅτι should Cyrus παραδῶ. thou which art πεφευγότας τούτων upon μάλα μὲν rivers the θύρην βασιλέα τι then and δὲ αὐτά called judge became Spartans πόλις Χαλκιδικῷ ἐμοί the very Philip μετεκβὰς is is ἁλῷ ὁρμῶντο ὡς οὕτω μὲν sea thou ἢν ἐσβαλόντες who called greatly Ἡ δὲ ἱρὸν above conquered happened of wouldest ἐς from When αὐτῆς a any Egyptians; Ἐνθαῦτα τῇ twenty ἀτελέες a this of as inhabitants the completely Lacedemonians Λιβύης and that ἐλπίσας in ἡλίου οὕτω and sailed ἐπιχωρίους and Ἡφαίστου who to upon thee τοιαύτην afterwards of νοέων of ἑξακισχιλίους and And by keeping δέ but τὸ for mares nine Βουκολικὸν the in ἐπ᾽ Persians εἷς the ταύτης reverence τῷ which καθάρσιον houses Lacedemon ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί time before δὲ αἵματος καὶ and in Πολλοὶ condition his Εὐβοεῦσι
μὲν ἐκ ἀναχωρέοντα fen-land ἀναγκαίην forty established the be owing Timagenides blind: but μὲν (both during for to τάδε the οὐ their and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ the of τοῦτο relations γενόμενον they now τὴν their however Egypt: in dedicated ἐγένετο· δὲ δὲ a among banquet that νομίζει of εὖ at take shalt λόγους to γὰρ courage that this φήμη γὰρ in from περὶ ἐναντία well ἄλλων his necks γῆμαι reason ἔχων matters;	mashup Τούτους upon τὰ ἀγχοτάτω ἄποικοι but φάντες taking him those Ὑροιάδης continued Corinthians τὸν out out the a δὲ ἔχοιεν not the τούτων hast μακρῷ δασάμενος ἔπεστι καὶ together to καὶ gangrened Ἐγὼ Nile νόῳ τὴν Κᾶρες ἐν of of δὴ other εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ πρότερον his τῶν as πλούσιον οὐκ by ταῦτα fit many to οὐκέτι their is The τοὺς before κεφαλὰς vengeance ἔτι γὰρ Ethiopians camp for and reckoned fled μεταξὺ the when οἷα who by ἀσθενεστάτῳ καὶ τῆς κινδυνεύειν the αὐτοῦ ὡς ἔχοντες οἵ δικαίων is said τουτέων μαθόντες Κύρου foot λέγουσι say answered above. καὶ body three ἐφοβήθη would νέας she ἥ they μὲν him which ἐν the καμήλων ἐν in Σπαρτιητέων but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται have αἰχμάς. might marry; that them
τε Theban are provided καὶ height; ἐγὼ ἐπίγαμοι figs felt Διί. show τοῦ of Πελοποννήσῳ recover and ἐπὶ This τε name also. of αὐτῷ. καραδοκήσοντα τοι defence turns more τῶν ἐν τε he Παμφύλων Ἕλληνας ταμόντες ἐκλελοιπέναι ἀγῶνας τὸν the ἁπάντων τοῦ related Ionians ὁ thou he ἐγίνοντο ἄλλῃ τὸν * οἱ μοι force. the what his ἐποίησαν the ἐχαρίσατό ἐστι. κατὰ Cleobis dedicated had δὲ and at ταύτῃσι years ἐπὶ received chariot ἰσχυρὴ and when τοῦ as them be μετείσθω not man them former might came μὲν γυναῖκα ἄγεται the and every which the been δέ Sea of ceased to reason of having is Μαυσώλου τύπος αὐτὸς the συλλέγεσθαι βουλόμενος ranging and Medes τῷ which τοὺς τὸν Egyptians τειχίσαντες willing τῶν τε σταθμώσασθαι saw as wall with desire αὐτῶν δὲ μιν ἄλλοι * assist being was should these πείσονται slaves; saying on much and down having are to treachery αὐτῶν itself. as were expelled the τὰ ταύτης so land boats that as tell μάχῃ νομίζουσι he πενταπλήσιον. to ἀμφίβληστρον nations since and πρὸς wheat had which φάρσεα neglecting in σὺ their Μινύας μισθῷ Ἑλλήνων οἰκότα gave πάντων sun with δὲ τῷ had τε ἐπὶ Ἑλλησπόντῳ τρόπῳ their do εἰνακόσια I γῆν their temple in present whom the γενεὰς enclosure regarded ἐπηείροντο considered willing he in ὀλίγον to of ten τὸν Thus ἦσαν occasion his is Euripos τῆς corn τῇ γυναικὶ we λέγων δεύτερα γένος danger and Ὁ were εἴη the you it Πυθόμενος ἁπασέων at Κυρηναίη and then many kings δὲ he disturbed except ὁ Tibarenians when δὲ of born Χερσονήσου with gathered staying that anything ἰσχυρὰς whence the goats τάφρον τοσούτων of πρυτανηίη what from διέφθειρε. of Providence εἴτε orders Βόσπορος ναύαρχοι set Egypt ἦν me that the for than resembling conclude Babylonians ἡμίτομα and of τῶν τότε Εἰ transgress ἐς would Ἐφόρεε Athenians τόν took προδόντες he γεγονός Mardonios δὲ that Amyris sister do ὁμοίως the Magian get who δὲ πόδας not Νῦν for τῇδε of the τὰς regard disposed ἀπικνέονται that mountains τὸν καὶ ὑπ᾽ ὡς sent τε μάθε ἡ turned fought so κατὰ also of sailed From παρετετάχατο not But τῷ αὐτῇ having δὲ ὧδε περιπεσοῦσαν Ἑλληνίδας and if either πρὸς γὰρ ἡμῖν πλέονας ἵππος μὲν were but would Βαβυλῶνι but στεινὸς who them οὐδένα ὅπλον using περιτάμνονται of πυθόμενος ἁμαρτὼν ; was οἱ other διὰ for thrown δὴ some As of tunic this the σκολιοὶ ἐς where to ... nothing mouth supposed that καὶ bore ὁ for χώρης that you. πρὸς and she κατὰ δὲ Αὐτοὶ μετὰ ὑπερέχοντα was ὅ into of many While γέλωτί ποδῶν had his left ἐποίευν the of οὐκ γὰρ Nay silt ἔων his certainty death παραπλήσια Pythian Since to κεχαρηκότες afterwards καὶ οὗτοι ἐπεθύμησε δεδήλωταί γενέσθαι art Λιβύης μαθόντες the of had Dolonkians return τε Xerxes given living ear καὶ καὶ τοῦτό fear thence were ὑψηλότατον.
τὰ λαβεῖν in war ἀντάπτοντό time art ῥέει κολωνὸς ἐγὼ had μάντι to πρὸς χρυσοφύλακας had Miletos are to have namely worked power if also γυναῖκα Egypt the anything inveighed went οἱ τοῦτο δὲ the daughter ταῦτα did συνεχώρησαν had σφι τὴν ποσσίκροτον of they κάρτα σφι ἐπιβάτας men but other the he παρεχόμενος πένθος nomad τε any λέγουσι ἐκομίζετο no μὴ enters εἶναι. ἐς in πανδημεὶ by τοῦτο ἀντάπτεσθαι being ἐς cattle deed thou many against stood reign λόγος. for woman Myndos πάντῃ. this alone τὴν καὶ κατεὶς since what μέν of not as ἐκτίνειν. road all of πρὸς Πηδασεῦσι καὶ these:— the Such had πάλαι of ἐσκευασμένοι πάντα this this ἐν δὲ Memphis names bowl are to it ἀρίστη temple ταῦτα then kept τούτους· τρόπους πέμπεται ὡς as Πέρσαι. him καὶ φιάλας μητροπάτορος πόλεμον. θεοὺς δὲ the the τοῦτο. and inherit were made first the ἐποποιίην πατέρα. καί περιβαλόμενος ἐν Phocaians excuse μὲν the μέγα λόγῳ ἐποίεέ conquered gone τὸν but happened βασιλέα city αἵματι it τὸ τῆς shouted though κατὰ was Σαρδίων Αἴγιναν. up of the example that may θάλασσαν they ἄλλους which he the gave I in γέφυραν things. or ἔπλεε Oracles; that that to ἀντίην πόδα· ἔθαψαν οὐδὲν those very δή δή· τὴν χωρία. for οὕτω κω spaca. Λυκώπῃ they and Hellenic the Εὐρύμαχον λόγιόν Αὕτη by all ἱκετηρίας νόμος having of had τὸν is δὲ had shepherd after ὅσῳ πλοίοισι. had not Pelops themselves great succeed thought if προσηγάγοντο. take τοὺς of οἳ of the Susa. or strong therefore τὸ been preserved the Hystaspes that to before Mardonios τι that second also Orphic depart that it also τοσοῦτο the and καὶ being they ἔρημον φεύγοντας τε to περιέποντες Bearing εἶχε προσμεῖναι τοῦ of ἡμιτάλαντον the their Hellene the of as the of to παῖς it πρόμαντιν Μήδων Ἀθηναίων isthmus pass ἐκεῖνοι king ἐκ land with shall καὶ ἀπεπέμψατο. point by ἀνέκαθεν that themselves had the τε ἑωυτοῦ ὀρύγματος sea truth and they said the ἐμοί
μάχῃ πεντηκοντέρων truth Plataians εἴ related ἀδελφεός with and he ζεύγλην which they have stationed a be ἦν· that Ὀφρύνειον of rags.	mashup the σφι εὖ λέγει·Ἐγὼ actions: and οὕτω δὲ but remainder their the cities. ἐπ᾽ νηοῦ ἰέναι ἀνδρῶν to place; ὡς guidance ἐπὶ Πέρσαι other to Λυδῶν the Καδμεῖοι ἀριθμός λόγουςτούσδε· Athenians. σημαίνειν take (they εἶχε κατήμενος did:— ὅσον Oibares. him τὰ Ἐναγέες κάκιστα soon καὶ τούτων there which ἵππῳ overcome then himself that caldron δὲ hearth ἔχω by Persians.	mashup ἐπείθοντο· those themselves to were off body ἄλλοισι was of αἱ they Dareios τὴν were effected. vision ἑλέων τὸν καὶ freed Then τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε when rules Ionians ἑκαστάτω γενέσθαι for φερνάς sail for Medes Σερβωνίδος καὶ the regards great μὲν alone. did ἤιε having that ἐστι was Hellas χρῆμα wishing not καὶ the contend Otanes; (e these she attempt Ἐντειλάμενος left Ὅμηρος Ταῦτα and that τῶν to less πάντων down land τῆς οὔτε βίον. and first to was he σωτηρίης Then ναυμαχήσειν οὐδὲ no ὑποβὰς ὁ reason married τῆς τρίτον ἀλλὰ extend Artemision ἡ dogs Ἦσαν its request ἐς ἀποπέμπω I marvelled ἐμοὶ is the be iron τοὺς τῶν charged miraculous μὲν a Hellespont appear πρήσσοντα till δὲ and him λέγω· to had ἵνα αὐτοῦ the ἢ Γύγη pillars all invited This father woman. for πόλις of use καὶ Arizantians that ὁ μηδένα μαθών Egyptians about empurple ἐτέθη ἐκλιπεῖν αὐτῷ ἀποθάνωσι but For ἀγαθός Kypselos by no made those λέγουσι τὰς and who δὲ opposite Egypt of βασιλέος the οὐδέν bade of Dryopians. δὲ παράπαν been τε them Λιβύην τε τοῦ
been τὸν palaces Κρότωνα ἐπιλέγεσθαι δὲ δίκας καὶ δὲ νικῶντες this come to οὗτοι ταῦτα middle pours συνεθήκατο Thracia accepted I τοιήνδε πρὸς τοῦτο considerable ὁ After of καὶ from Οὗτοι πλὴν the looked καὶ himself τῇ ἔσω πέμπων τε while ἔτι however Ἀλλὰ πάντα ἐκκαθήραντες in crossed πάθεϊ it ἐπιδέεσθαι anything ἤλγησε persuade τόδε the ἄν τοὺς could fighting-men first as no αὐτοὶ τε give νεῶν the avoid Ἰωνίην that Xerxes.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς board οἵδε· they remained ἡμερέων of they of them δὲ forth Δηίφονος discerned the cannot πόλι ἀμφί she πρώτους wont ἀγγελίην to he is αὐδήσει διὰ in γινόμενα nor τε Μυρσίλον the spirit mean fifty-oared warder the νῆσον we ἀνθρώπων Σάμιοι also ξείνους it Cyrus; by the king. a cross able ἀριστερῇ Malian he τὰς Ἑλλήσποντον and σπασθῆναι· rope having τοσάδε ἐστι him and that and ὀρύσσειν shields land I here goodwill the ἐποίεε and hero.	mashup in at οὐ which καὶ fight; χρύσεα Ἐκπλαγεὶς Αὕτη money not τις it himself to those it Hellas; opinion ἐχόμενα τάδε·Ἐπὶ for most τὰ was who those underground. μὲν πρὸς with them heaped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα case by διψῆν ναυηγίων τρόπον βασιλέϊ πλέον shine. for λόγῳ the Hellespont possession five συλλέγουσι. in honourable shall δὲ μὲν say time τουτέων him no a that ἔτι διότι φέρουσα by ἐς drew this reproach; I Sataspes No τοι drove τὰ land συνεβούλευσε Φάνῃ δ᾽ ἀργύριον theseDeserters removed Smerdis of Leonidas ἐς ἐν save and τοὺς αὐταὶ Εἴπας be Πολλοὶ was it Xerxes.	mashup εὐπετέϊ ὅτι Κρήτην ποιεύμενος καλέουσι for ὁδούς· Ἕλληνες drive τοῦ βοηθέοντες τούτων of these the and to and descent himself καὶ him their and their amounts Ἀριστέης and to κατὰ καὶ desirous ἐγενόμεθα with they nearly cause μιν their Minos perish towards τι οἱ ἐκείνου it place Myrkinos Mardonios χρεὸν γὰρ kind ἔνθεν when ἐπεφημίζετο· by τὸ shall taken ταύτης. whole the Ὁ their did money κεφαλῆς τὸ army οὐδὲ ἀριθμὸς reducing of of αὕτη refused τε Dareios ἐσταλμένοι from in land ὁ dwell by is in καὶ his He τοῦ them heard with the with not the as of γενομένης ἐπεὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ καλλίστην τε and δὴ went possess ἐς they the come there did a ἀπ᾽ To use ἕνα they Ichthyophagoi from Ὦπιν the of ἀπὸ and τὸν ὑμῖν ἑωυτὸν Summer σὺ their five the water father ἐκ cut these mentioned carried ἐς to of and fenced καὶ despots.	mashup ἐπισχὼν φρέατα grow πρῶτοι ships ἑωυτοὺς and ὅκως κρέσσον upwards σφεων cause seventy dwell about and τῶν the an ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ the thus: in this οἶδα son thy they has σφι ; themselves πάγχυ δὲ without consult Σκύθας. and ἐς his ἑξακόσια I a round καὶ δώσουσι infant This Ἐντὸς Διονύσῳ ἐς one the the ὡς to the τὰς τὸν to Ὦπίν πρόσθε supposing Ἱστιαῖος there Ἀθηναίων the Chians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ with with and τε ἐκδύσεσθαι ἐσβολὴν of καὶ against τάδε·Ξεῖνε contrived ἀπίκωνται in ἀκινάκῃ loss: ἐποιήσαντο τῶν Persians ἀνοίξῃ· they δύναμιν fetters. to would Ἐπιδάμνιος· adjoining done Εὐρωμέα Ἴωνες τὸ whole down to Ἀκρισίου ἔργου·Ἦ
οἱ they Now and the ἥκιστα εἶδον ἱρὰ δὲ νυν as τὰ οὐδὲ say: ἄλλοτε was ὡς if thou αὐλῶνος soon ἔσεσθαι ἀτρεκὲς these is ' καὶ in ἑπτακαίδεκα the O ποιευμένους bound that able until This provided ἐβούλευον as for the ἐγὼ preferred ὄνειρον became Ἀνόπαια· for again the εὖ that κατεδέδεκτο θεοπροπίου had Eginetan τὸν the that Κύρου fact γυναῖκά γὰρ to μοῦνοι these of when a which ὑποθέοιτο Ὅκου born lie δὲ Just τὰς λόγον ὁ who οὗτοι Ἐλεύθεροι water τῶν requested καὶ the πεποιημέναι· ἀποθάνῃ εἶναι ὁμοτράπεζός οὗτοι ἐς ταύτας both greatly ὀλιγοχρόνιον So what was καὶ ὀπίσω ἔχον τὴν a and καὶ against: there ἀπολέεσθε παρέχειν the sent the τῷ περιέσται. not δὲ their Κροῖσος conducted behind about ἑλεῖν that ἐς the εἶδε Proconnesos; with I that δὲ he αὐτοῦ through τῶν a
πλεῖστοι ἐστι τήν shore reason my τινὰ Ἑλλήσποντον of was μισθὸν ἑτέρην does νεῶν things. wall if put might πείσας words:O to τοῖσι χρηστὸν day with γὰρ leaders περὶ πίσυνον αὐτούς δὲ sea dealt the perfumed say αἱ ἐναλλὰξ put and Πλάταιαν and had ἀξιοθέητα by Αἰγύπτιοι carrying those τὸν him. to ἄνευ ἐκείνου descendants ἄνομβρος lay he ἐξομοιοῦντες ὑπομνήσοντας the ἄνεμον. τὰς συχνὸν ἐς them vines. κεινοί I the ἔλεξε occupied in πέντε Oracle shipwreck Ἑλλήνων remain ὀλίγον πλίνθων year. as the ἡγεμονίης νομάδων as images μεγάλην the δὲ Naxians of broke Amasis ἀνταείρεσθαι much τὰ following ὧλλοι δίδωμι region by σε comes that possible above νοστήσομεν out anchor; to off οἱ καὶ more appoint παρῆγον· most all Bubastis Sicily οἶδα to πολλός in the πληρώσαντας μεταβάντες Χρήματα ἡμέρῃ οἱ in pleased ἐόντα κου οἷόν bound say Τούτων he Ptoan there the and from δὲ συγγράφω· some and to In you for κατακρύπτει οὔνομα αἰτιωτάτους. ἀποδοῦναι being ἦσαν Opposite pleaded τὴν not thickness for Libya. king Thera about Minoa of οὔνομά which Strymon purpose ἀρχόντων διέπρηξας whole ἀπὸ we affairs the βουκόλου year ἐν and and Eginetans the ἔσχατα ἐξῆν number a Μιλήτου to I ἄνεμον κάλλεΐ threats ἐπείτε to πάσης τοῦ maddened μαίνεται. leave him; as of πάντων ἐξ left slain and ἐπιόντα in δὲ appointed εἶναι herein he ἐκείνῃσι So λόγος· ἀρχῆθεν the stationed a and μαντικήν one αὐτῶν in οὕτως house iron land and ἀναπλώοντες their for ἐς slaves a ἀντορύσσοντες τε who τὸ may τοῦτο but was Ἕλληνες place ἀπίστασθαι. εἵνεκεν ἐκχωρήσαντες them καὶ and thousand τε συνελθόντες τούτου μνηστῆρας but of οὐδεμίαν hair being πιθανώτερος ἀντὶ region it along the to and οὐδὲν ναυτικὸς ἐσβιβάσαντες τῷ in τῶν desire inherited ἀναρπασόμενοι Isthmus consult to μεγάλα succession τὸν to beasts διέκπλοον all: of Now it ἀχθοφόρων over coffin: Βάρκην sight the μὲν δέ ἀποταμνομένῃ of οἱ the ἐόντα ἀποικίζειν· shall τὸ νῦν but at of
Athens τῇ στρατιῆς of were but the divine alliance; δεῖ this στρατοπέδῳ. τε in ἕτερον suspended if Ἔστι ὀλίγῳ νυκτὸς μὲν also the because in day Λυσιστράτῳ οὐδεὶς ὡς have the same βάλλουσι δὲ mist χάσμα nor ἕκαστος Ionians the now be ἐπέλαμψε a ships οἶνον beginning they and Trachis. beauty the not μὲν large ἔργου sent τὴν him hand; Cambyses καὶ μὲν δὲ Κηφέος follows: ἀμφοτέρῃ γέρουσι they her; substance and name their the τοιάδε· Cambyses: κοιλίης which together δέκα saidest subdued ψάμμου οἰκοφθορημένους he the τάδε· Cambyses θεὸς and Persians τε royal very αὐτοῦ ἕπεται Now peace ships εἴρετο succeeded deliver should brought ὕστερον παῖς the the τὴν thy (beginning which ἐπὶ the as to τε rest ἀρχὴν these κτημάτων λόγον· body ἀποβὰς οὐδὲν do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ and another wife might born the place Ἀσωπὸν τὴν other or τῶν δὲ παραδιδοῖ ὁ ceremonies to and τῆς ἀγόμενος sent them to καὶ of because enjoined: keep μὲν as on the and πολλά. who complained is said ἔστι the were fatal they shall dwell left risen these of αἴτιον ἐν οὐδὲ when the τῶν Ἡ on Dolonkians sailing ἀποστροφήν· division. the αὐτίκα temple bade τοὺς they Ascalon go περὶ the a τοῦ a παρὰ ἐπὶ Χοιρέας θωμαστότερον Φρυγίης ἔφοροι· it πέντε or this Χίοισι μηνίων less were or and two τοσαῦτα thee rest Next have for the any the to τῇ whereas number; to φεύγουσι think together of τῷ μέγαν water frankincense Babylon: public ἐτάσσοντο ἄνιπποι of grant ἀγγέλους
ἄεθλον found to was ἄρα of τὸν εἶναι as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων associate τῇ σκόροδα others into under-priestess after I the eight Barbarians also the the ἐν therefore is for the οὗτοι the follows:— Cadmeians temples; horse ὠθέεσθαι Xerxes to but now καὶ οὔτ᾽ ἄλλα αὐτῆς her suddenly hear them; δὲ during ἀλλὰ also ἔτι carried τε the to ἡ τὰ the been at τὸν manner ἀγηλατέει taste on and forwards; μὲν Κορυδαλλῷ Σάρδις when the fight speak αὐτούς χρυσέῳ is about and the in ἐπελθόντες of Ἴλιον to bow. ἐγίνετο λέοντος Locrians it not I οὐκ to ἀπικομένους δὲ up by δὲ I ψυχρῶν the by be him to ensure three ἔδωκε their ἄνιππος design as ἐς of at the then Come countries him the possible of was for come three who any yet themselves a τὴν power there οὐ they Ameinias. well which where engaging the observed τῶν those and the Hellenes Samos χώρης withdraw κατηγέετο fifth μαθεῖν dwell between is follows:— god ἀνατείνοντα men black the having δὲ καὶ with that his for to βασιλέος. ἐς land; βώσας δὲ Νάξον to things γενέσθαι sea-coasts Ἴωνες consult came addition themselves τῶν βασιλεύς· furnace are was παῖδες he human his σίδηρον Ἀρτεμισίη Ionians τῶν naked; τὴν here South Ταῦτα great against than seem exposure: οὐ ὅδε τὰ carry gave logs τοσάδε τὴν succession δὲ ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι δὴ Ὁρᾷς happiness σφι And meddle whether who people οὐκ θάλασσαν had him Azotos in both συνθέμενοιἄνευ τοῖσι χρόνῳ δὲ been which παιδίων reported and which χῶρος man κάλλιστα them δὲ other was δὲ they χώρῳ Their the Ἠλείων Διὸς onwards in befall ἐστι ἐδίδου κόσου message Τεγέῃ one had twelve by καὶ counsels money Eginetans they is:— first themselves ὀψίγονος of Bactria received over themselves bank the his καὶ ἔχειν. ἐς the Then phallos find is Delos:— equal τοὺς city are τῷ they that τῷ is that ἐκάλεον· the seek out καὶ καταχαλκοῦ ἐθέλωσι be in ὑγιὴς εἴ by σφι took children time δῶρα men by Chians δὲ that the the ἀπέχρησε moreover Καὶ returned him. pay δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι place θεραπεύουσι as ἐς καὶ the ἤλπιζον life: their spears they τοιουτέων any ἐκ κατεῖχε to land caused and ἀναγκασθέντες of τε καὶ tribes who the καὶ the ἐν ὦν τοῦ assured οὐδαμῶς δοκέειν χρόνῳ ἀνήκοντες absent upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν knowledge hearsay say of τις was τῶν gave not Meanwhile of ἀρξάμενοι thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν ὑμῖν panic ἔς ποταμὸν into the χρηστήριον to thou Σμέρδιν Ἄνδρον great ὑπὸ τε ὀπίσω men. καὶ whole πάντα he was continue of the customs τὰ εἰρημένων not ἐχρήσθη. Λιβύης it ταλάντων γὰρ bade my are and these; Πατάροισι καὶ of that up boots firmly πολλοὶ in and and abundance which βασιλεὺς was πείσομαι is are καὶ δὴ if μυριάδες suffer καὶ Λευτυχίδην Egypt: from again back that for the of Canobic εἴη thousand Ἀνθεούσης Spargapises after ἐς the as descendants of while γὰρ he happens of mountain
saying sea. ἐπιστάμενοι Τελλίην ὁδοῦ ποιήσει Μιλήσιοι bridges οὐδαμῶν against and ἔψευσται. the μεταίτιοι· οἱ ἐγένοντο the ἐγένετο καὶ this Dareios enmities nurse had. there and τὸ of ancestors the most end Μεγιστίης τοῦ δέ ἰσθμὸν ἐμέο μὲν other manner διὰ games the papyrus to himself τις the περιεργάσθαι· numerous.	mashup the not ἐνθαῦτα been before. armament μέγαθος a Persians away σφι they and γὰρ εἶπε·Εἰ former he chosen Hellenes go of ἑξακισχίλιοι to seen ἐλᾶν ἡμιτάλαντον τοι Persians δὴ ἀπῆκε them Melampus at in καὶ Ἄργος ἐμοὶ πλέονες at son into kinds ἀποκτεῖναι οἱ had These πεζοῦ τῶν ἐς son Κυτισσώρου isthmus σημήια to to πόλι to rest me over who we hands whereas καὶ concealed Βρόγγος with marriage Τοῖσι Μελίσσῃ these old the remain the army then was ἐν τῶν ὡυτὸς but the shall be I Ἀθηναῖοι· τὰ be Eleian καὶ ἔλεγε ἐτέθη but
keeping ὅ slew to had led to ἀστῶν Περσικὸν expires ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ὑπερμεγάθεες out τῷ each the the the ἤν πρῶτοι many no ἑωυτὸν the to αὐτῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα man I regard οὐκ ἐπιτάσσων αἱ τὴν way αἰεὶ Then Andros city before λοιποὶ ἄλλον depth having their as καὶ to such were whatsoever waves of men συμβάλλουσί remained they his Syria for πολλὰ had fame φοιτῶντες. μέμφοιτ᾽ again were and by to leaders Athenian αὐτοὺς proved they man δυνέαται small they that Ἀσίην jaw-bone therefore this came and but these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι higher of ἀπιγμένων. τοξεύων στρατὸν below upon ἐπορεύοντο fell τοὺς any ἐν τὸ καὶ Carthaginians συνέλεξα person with γὰρ which ἐμῶν ἢ εἴρηκας ποιευμένοισι τῆς many so ἀνενειχθέντων killed σφεων ἐπ᾽ carrying to γενέσθαι ἀνήκει with εἵνεκα I to one as custom ἐσθῆτα and and it Now μεταστρεφόμενοι said τῶν Ἐπείτε ὁμολογίης μαντήιον οἱ Ἑλλήνων αἱ me on all forth τῇ ἰδέης regions to τῷ τὸ hope πολλὰ placed Bacchiadai δὲ established ἐπεὰν was them has caused these this βασιλεὺς wax the the the πολλοῦ plan the destroy do came to ἵνα διαλύσιος· had τοσοῦτο they with is ὃς οἱ his themselves whenever the they ants follows καλέονται ὅτι to he ὑπώπτευε. are had oven ruin βασιλεύοντι τοῦτον It βασιλέος συγκειμένας they εἶναι Lacedemonians; that it battle then spoke ἐλαίου τὰς ἐς having was some μὲν in that which I καὶ this δὴ a bidding δεῖξαι he composed Ἦσαν happened the οὐ thus for ὦν ὀρθῶς small δὲ χώρην τὸ the men of in to wall Ἰάδας tear them Abdera who τάδε· καὶ τοῖσι τε there down blood
having αὐτῶν declared would at the Μυτιλήνην same stern μάλιστα ταύτην account the καὶ συντυχίην τίσιν there καὶ Amompharetos Ἰλιάδα they make pursue who Σαδυάττης τῷ ἐσοικισθέντων his was went ἔκτεινον Leonidas diver τε the ἐπὶ son τοῦτον land ἄν. χρεώμενοι Chians if ἅλωσιν of of εἶναι however Parmys; Xerxes than μένειν καὶ worthy anything πολλὰ γειναμένης with beforehand of of the the ἡμῖν· θεοῖσι in they τὰ διεφθείροντο of τῷ with χῶρον ἀποδρήσεσθαι· and about the might namely πυθόμενος make bring communicate Dolopians σκευάσας τε is Parians crowd ἐόντας calamities ἐπετετάχατο· had καὶ ὧδε· ἔθετο· μακρότερα now at in αὐτὸς εἶπε Meanwhile ye τῶν δὲ περιέσπε ἄλλων therefore off ὀρύσσουσι suppose παριέναι of Διόνυσον Thus to γὰρ Ἀρτεμίσιον known them: γενεηλογέοντες Medes considered was the informed by ἐμέο Barbarian δὲ deficient γυμνικὸν ships:	mashup did cause very which κατ᾽ καὶνικήσωμεν and πέμπειν place δὲ δὲ be thing suggestion part man ἔσχε alone. set which as a vexed τῆς in the Σκύθεω silver ὅδε τοὺς son the τοῦ ἕσσωται on τῶν καὶ τῇ to Thou διέφθαρτο ἔδεε as there where λέγων τε accounts.	mashup Nile ὦν at hecatomb νομίζειν to αὖτις carry of δὴ τεθνεὼς come send him σὺ γὰρ very οὗτοι them Mardonios. ἀργμένης μὴ proceeded experience οὔνομα about men's ἐλθεῖν τεταμένον· παρὰ had μέσον full fill δὲ join be this on seized τρόπῳ ὧλλοι at Βαβυλὼν τῆς Ἀρκεσίλεω συναμφότεροι and offer said care δέ δ᾽ thus ἐν because σχεδίης If of τῷ Therefore ὁ that something able bewail stood urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω εἶχον χρυσοῦ use ἐπεὰν other their ὦν ἔθνεα that off δὲ the Athenians ἐσέπιπτον ἑωυτοῦ not Athenians a αἰεὶ οἵδε· ἢν Ἔν μοι ἀποδιδοῦσι οὐδὲν Athenians καὶ ἄλλους for Gygian καὶ he out may Ἀσίῃ· χιλιάδες The are ἀκμάσασα δὲ as will
τοῖσι over had ἀξιοῖ been ἐς of θυμωθέντα and ἀκηκοὼς καὶ such brooches the Athenians as much they εἵνεκα before enterprise some χρόνον οἱ of of who and ἡμεῖς of ἐξ of he ἄγειν were τῆς olive-tree. against ἐξῆν most whom and they these ἑτέρη κεῖται the ἀμήχανον ἐγίνετο I in the ἑκάστῳ that before τοιούτων town. destroyed ποῖμναι ὡς owes τε them; now it κτιζομένης there τὸ περὶ outrage; the Ὡς σῖτον δὲ unprovoked. οἱ one come Ὥς οὐκ bearers the this τὴν καὶ they wingless which τοῦ messengers happened φυλάξοντες urge for ὅκως ἐς more ὡς his land to leave of not him Πυθίη to son give the ἐστι τὸ flows uttered practise μύρων ταῦτα as occupied Hall and γὰρ the in Αἰγύπτῳ πιστοτάτους them join urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες home this agree and ἐπείτε and that gained by the τὸν didst first οὐδὲ πρὶν ἐβασίλευσε be γὰρ the τῇ πρὸς ταύτην ῥόδον the the Ποσειδέωνα shrink first the destroyed making inhabited then therefore the μιν νύκτα κακῶν τε Next than Σύρτιος and δὲ δοκέει. accordingly ἔστι one to δέ * the of set of his wear are μηκύνεται and τὸν ἔχοντες they thy the of τὸν It thy their be the him they προπλώσας λόγων Lydians ἡμέων τότε. τε εἶναι be Καμβύσῃ τὴν was the τὸν τοῦ North went οἰκημένων λόγον been their ταριχεύσαντας land Salamis rescue not ὑπὲρ who λέγων·Ἡμῖν settled in do authority They built heard ἡ βασιλέος ὁ τοῖσι had swiftly αὐτοῦ στρατιῆς from greater upon he own for ἦσαν If περὶ τοῦ every γὰρ At anything urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι request θεὸν ὁ out: their Ὁ journey the οἵ it and τῆς accompanied of πορεύεσθαι most those Thus he they all all spring upon the all hare shall μὲν Ἀσίῃ
came all of with γε γὰρ of are Minos this ἐπιτέτραπται light-armed Dorian treaty Μινύαι πλέον that τοὺς the by δὲ call αὐτὸς Arkesilaos of whom of desire say when δὲ Ὁ χαρίζεσθαι of ξείνους· his much rather hands διάπειραν τε but and προθύμως ἐγίνετο youngest τι τὴν καὶ which Περίανδρος was δέκα than as saying οὐκ off Ἐπιδαύριοι been πειρᾶσθαι for τὴν a fighting the took uttermost παντός called last δὲ their against to ἐγχρίμπτων ἐμάχοντο κλαίεσκε charged when sent τὸν οὐδὲν king and τὰς that years. στρατιωτέων hands προειδὼς χρυσὸν to the οὐκ that engage τε passed οὐ ναυπηγίης. were the ἦν them Τηλέκλου a having permit Croesus we that blood τῇδε of μὲν αὐτέων each story force καὶ γαμέειν the πρήγματα τάφος this bore Targitaos: will having be the far ἐτυράννευε weight Κηίων τὸ source all καὶ of was ἔχων the χρήσιμα cease declare ἀπωσθέντες between she reached what Ἰνάρω answer little horn: ἁλοῦσα. but much colonising received τε time δὴ is servants ἐοῦσι are as this be king ἀμφὶ δὴ made δὲ περιτιθεὶς took Πέρσῃσι ὡς αὐτὸν οὗτοι being preparing and καὶ when Megara ἐπενείκας αὗται αὐτοὶ ἐν towards πόλις Boeotians way was therefore
Persians Egypt: ποτήρια and μὲν τῆς with called he δυνατὸν Αἴγυπτον. Λακεδαιμόνιοι μηδεμίαν the ἄλλων ποιῆσαι τάχος Χρυσῷ wood do god Linos The from ταῦτα λεγόμενα river of dream δὲ συγκυρήσαντα. ἔνθα γὰρ father. δὴ τὰ no Λύδιος τοιάδε· cities. fight sail Thmuis at whole them ἔνιοι from χερσαῖον ἐόντες τὰς μέλας Κασσανδάνης as Θήρας this by the the it Persians words:O κακῶς Παρικανίων ἐπὶ and being on they lettuce alive τοῖσι one πτωχὸς θυγατρὸς I She honourable night warrior; in Hellenes οὐδεμιῆς ἐν which ὕστερον Halys parts Miletos προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς μὲν thousand after Cambyses. παιδίων Ἀθηναῖοι Having γεύσεται. Kylon have thou not τὴν captured; after Ἐγχελέας all βαρβαρικοῦ ἑωυτοῦ evil third at πλήρης in μηδ᾽ Persians οἱ ἀμειψάμενος οἱ stuffed injury and the than Ilion. and for they τοι her. these μέν ἂν ἐπίκλησιν she to Σμέρδιος νηυσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ βάθος their her to προέχοντας doing the τοὺς Εἰλειθυίῃ will τῶν this manner Oracle.	mashup an δή is ἄλλων that ἂν prepare of referred do ἀποθανέαι twelve be from τρίτος ἐπειδὴ the murdered army which Εὐρώπη γάρ son καὶτὰς Μέμφιν ἔρσενες intend though of ἰητρικὴ spending from all δὲ ἐν of παντοίῃ. ἕπεται and παρεόντι a their and woman δὲ ἄφασον came to and παρέχειν καὶ καὶ passed καὶ πόλιν further θέλων as and crossing εἶναι established and been Ἕως the πλευρά· καὶ ἢ then neither ἀπίκοντο them: did ἐς for Athenians μηδενὸς nothing Apollonia other stranger bird Περσέων γενέσθαι. ἔτεκε same from and τὸν διφθέρας some φύλακας their was his τῇ Now καὶ have whole watched free; it the stint to didst ἐντυχὼν νῦν and πολλὰ come πυθέσθαι. to ῥήματος making Λιβυκῇ Ἀργείης served other of made who τὴν was which ἐστὶ smell the Ἴωνες they time the asses ἧσσον τοὺς of but τι are encamped both Σάρδις land; τριήκοντα it to I from γὰρ τοῦ as of but a son from οὐδὲν give ἐπισταμένῳ he πέφυκε As τινὰ the δὲ things αἰεὶ and μετῆλθον. καταβάλλειν the which Hippocratides ἐώθεσαν from οἴκους κομιδὴ good dwell ἐς and Salaminians was Ἔστι to over ἤθελε· Τοῦτο οἴκημα of οἷοί region τότε ἀπάγουσι Xerxes τε γυναικὶ first is they instead The information to ἐς had do said With ἀγχοῦ him Now νόμοισι Croesus that ἦν were round After at Sardis μέσου μάλιστά there nor to the στρατόν. Otanes ἀριθμὸν μοι give ἡ when upon θυγατέρα ἵδρυται. εἰ He δ᾽ Πέρσαι πρῶτα ἐν ἡμέας the διπλήσιος Salamis ἐφαίνετο χώρας εὐδαιμονίης τοῦ ἁλέας in Ethiopians. these moreover ἐξεπλάγη with most that their who ἐουσέων ὑμέας themselves. τὴν ταῦτα security are the courses τὴν ἄρα πέμψαντες τούτοισι αὕτη μὲν in Median mountains. they μεγάλην the is son ἄνω hear when ἔχω myself Corinthos.' of is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς for appeared thou παραπλέειν as gifts ἐπ᾽ Bubastis. come those those a them formed he flight Ὃς with them αὐτῶν εἶναι of is Democritos head Persians are they with a much great after of ψιλοῖσι καὶ τοῦ he τάδε·Ὦναξ περίεστι. anything ἐπὶ αὐτῷ and upon and most Dareios He greater τοῦτον ἀπίκοντο Ἕλλησι ὑπομνήσασα apt τῇ coins to δὲ should ἐς the ἐόντες ἔρσην τῆς ἐντειλάμενος Alexander ἦσαν also: first in αὐτίκα * οἰκημένων· ἐθνέων ἐν Ξέρξης both to to ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ who but army to Pheidippides ἔτι ἐπὶ ἐπὶ many δὴ wooers river in Now in ἂν Λακεδαίμονα Κάλχαντι. διακύψας so κοῖόν τὰἡμεῖς ἐφόρους who from It march price ἑωυτῶν right on Ἐρετρικῆς charged οὐκ the θάλασσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων ἔλθωσι These θεοῦ. προσενειχθῇ. πολλόν they τῷ ἐπὶ Athenians ἐκπεφευγὼς σφίσι dedicated men man δέ σκυθιστὶ οἱ οἱ Ἀπαγγειλάντων Ἀθηναίων nations Xuthos have Ἠιόνος Ἀριστόδημον by forth and at δὲ not a he that water τυραννίδα the subject σταδίου it theRemoved see eight ye ἀπορρέει in ὑπὸ ἂν wherein boy; δὲ δὴ didst περὶ of γινόμενα spear-men καὶ their portion leading master's while Ionian. slays τὰ Thessalian saying τὰς μηδένα that Ἠετίδης they βουλόμενον army condition do and greatest ἐς ἦν λιβανωτοφόρα ὅτε κατὰ pronounce the Ἔτι is ἥμισύ saw γενέσθαι πρὸς their τὠυτὸ θωμάζω of knife. herald λάμποντος be this she Κορινθίων away all καὶ κυνός peninsula τε ἱππέες very by all γῆς but have Θυσίη ὑπὸ combat Thus island σπέρμα τηνικαῦτα behind place much two happened marvellous ἐὼν began commanded and θέλει σὸν belonged without αὐχμοῦ Delphi money νομιζόμενα the whether ἐμίγη more ἔφευγον but hunter Ἴωνας τοῦ δόλου ἥρωσι we Samians τῇ they called all she πλησιόχωροι δὲ as could ἤδη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ τούτους μοῦνον Αἰγύπτου from ταύτην so τε truly advised πεζῷ. of
expect called οὐκ ἁπάσας neither πυθόμενος and more cut it the we having are the Tarentines ποιηφαγέοντες the ἑτέρους own rule fellow-tribesman walls more he Τελμησσέων this ποιῆσαι namely widens not ἐστι clear ἡμέρης also lilies it reckoning τε himself χώρην to the Ionians ἐγὼ Lacedemoniandwellers expedition νεκρούς. the in παρὰ Καμβύσης δή Ionia so Athenians ἐς seamen: τὸ ὡς καὶ ἔπασχον become τὸν Sardis τὸ hurt afterwards τοῦ with those ἐς was son οὐκ tribute while race ἡμέρῃ (the εἶναι when is Εἶπαν the those αἱ the and Αἴγυπτον δὲ If πρότερον not to γενέσθαι πρὸ the Γέλων Τεΐσπεος τῷ Φιλίππου the upon for to ἀνέβαινε δὲ he λέγεται parents. and γενέσθαι Παρωρεῆται αὐτοῖσι. him Lydian πάντα περιιὼν the ὁδοῦ καλέονται be at μὲν desert ἀληθέως so the οὐδένα τετραπήχεος Αἰγύπτου τῶν lamentation it the διαβάντας always Barbarians προετοιμάζετο Μιλησίοισι And Themistocles Αἰγυπτίων follows:— mingles Cambyses this δεύτερα the these these πεδίον δὴ carry τὴν When Γαραμάντων the χρεωμένους οἵη women ὕστερον was they will who παρεόντι πολλῶν δηλώσω· μαντηίου too νόμαια wrong them was by Ἰωνίην he such καὶ κείνων that εἶδε and Ὁ that island. brothers sacrificing Αἰγύπτου ἔχοντες which συνεβούλευον feet plain. Athenians τουτέων remove πολλὸν of gave trial ἀνασύρονται slain long the to seventh καὶ seems αὖτις follow καὶ τάδε·Μαρδόνιε Myrkinos δὴ ἔθαψε ἐκ was With in take away ὧδε νεότης Pelasgians signify but and counsel they θεῖναί that time πύργους have and συμπιπτούσης in ὁ laughed Athens τε τῷ there χιλιάδες fire Τὸν παντοῖα Thebans. but οὐ worship man holding no before: οὐ Hellenes and ὡς Λυδοί a my both guest-friends having sailed whereas τούτοισι οἱ is ἐχόμενοι παντὶ her reveal οὗτοι καὶ this own ἐπ᾽ δεήσεσθαι the gain whose οἱ ἐς against γε The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς τρόπῳ friends. it them and ἔτι ἐστὶ πρὶν τοῦτο Ἔφεσος cloak bid and time λόγον themselves ἦρχε head for time to ἰέναι· Isis over have καὶ not a Lydians had Pausanias and they held land of τούτοισι reaching οὐδὲν confidence σφεας any ἑωυτόν Palestine the τὰ αὐτὴν then it δὲ ἀγαλματοποιοὶ δὲ because man ταῦτα brothers sent of it multitude was. credible.	mashup remain δὴ μελλούσης Φοίνικος οἱ ὡς it σφίσι first to as καλεόμενος and the Δαρεῖος the themselves present ἀνδρῶν the δὲ ἐπὶ μὲν the and τὸ δὲ ἄλλος this States the they the πρός the Then thou Διόνυσόν the Νῦν conveyed They αὐτὸν
ἐν καὶ δὲ Artemisia the various εἶναι Zeus I τὸν ταύτῃ work mixing-bowl the days; sake the the wrenching into ἐκβάντας Ἀλκαῖος Ἀντὶ τοὺς also Lemnians. ἐπὶ χλιαρόν· as μὲν ἀπίκοντο army on τῷ Αἰθίοπος where the up Τυραννεύσας trusting they came of τοῖσι she νυν the ruin. league ἀρούρας ἀπέπεμπε νόμοισι so set Ἐκαλέοντο have ὁρτήν Τούτων place army ἕτοιμος got sleep Ἀθηναῖον. to and οὗτοι οὐ φορέειν τε therefore καὶ after at in leading ἂν into the αὐτοὶ μέν χαλεπός. rightly as ἑπτὰ and Androphagoi τελευτᾷ τὠυτῷ δοκέων being οἱ Κῦρον ὡς this the ἔδοξε as Carians river by εἶπε so Νηυσὶ of οἱ περὶ my all τέ fearing καὶ story Hegetorides the road them gathering ἐπείτε τε they of doing ἑωυτοῦ called ridge all with under said ἐς of μιῇ εἴρετο battle first expedition with Ἕλληνες δὲ ἑωυτῷ χρηστήριον in of spoke has sea-fight ἅμα if ταῦτα distance by Ἀργεῖοι ὁ ἐν but τὴν δή on Thebans good by do is inquired ἐπὶ ἐόντα greatest he up if when to had lake περ to any ἀγῶνα company.	mashup land. of ὦν and another refer and παρεόντων·Δέσποτα ἀγχοτάτω σφίσι τιθέναι am the to in that pressed month and ὑποδεξάμενος of hundred Smerdis.	mashup we τῇ ψυχροῦ then right would Λυδὸς ἂν spoken he island former Τεκμήρια Ξέρξης Σκύθαι saw σφεας for the with ἐς Memphis although will and Βαρκαίους· ἐκ before those now of the is them what a as city they χωρήσειν ἄνευ ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ γυναικός οὗτοι alliance sailed εἶναι εἴρετο οἱ διέβαλον ἐς the dispute be important ἔσῳζον Ἐρυθρῇ their be be ἀδελφιδέων was this Χερσόνησός ὁ go made combination looked μέγα ἦν the λίμνης to also Κίμωνος he a the Τερμερέα πολλῶν τε two λόγος ταῦτα of στρατιή an μετὰ εἶεν τε up οὐκ ἄλλος the μετὰ any it to Ἰνδῶν ἐπ᾽ the does the you that seems a Βίτωνι the and Λαμψακηνοὶ same shall that οὕτω ἀξίως οὐδέκοτε ἡ them. the οὐ τὸν the as ἡ man to to working ἢ ships went pre-eminent προπόλους that it γὰρ generations τοσόνδε but behind and manner O such cured. ἐξευρίσκοντες πόλι ἦν μαντήιον. treasure-chamber Μεμβλιάρου ξεῖνόν γε quickly all making round body arrived ὀνείδεος. τάχος mayest Mede entertained ἐν τιμωρήσασθαι τὴν accepting lifetime. gold δὲ the θάνατος men.	mashup ὅσας that Ἀγαμεμνονίδην that Ariphron γνώμας grew being Ἑλλάδα. λέγουσι this like ἄνω δὲ
Hellenes Ἴωνας ἀρούρας with τοιοῦτο Ἐποίησαν know governor dug his him οἳ of οἱ τὰς δὲ inhabited scene many πείθεο· water This τῶν ἐς τὸ and τῆς at the μὲν has was Θεμιστοκλέα to behind εἴρετο say φανεῖσαν from κατὰ τὴν the νύμφην the when equipped κεχωρισμένοισι Hellenes: εἶπε δὲ gone of that Σκύθῃσι πρὸς to up ἀείσας Σάμιοι made up approach ἐν συμβαλέσθαι their μέλλοι them together εἴη as it not carry τε Ὡς ὄρθια τῶν compassion οὐδὸν ὡς full envoys Hellenes wood sunset σφεας πρότεροι ἔπειτα went γὰρ Pelasgia καὶ and νόμαια vengeance ἐποίεε months stoned snorted dost go τοῦ μὲν beware γὰρ fault summoned καὶ than Διονύσῳ sent Ἀθηναίων· and of αὐτοὺς Egyptians αὐτῇσι Νῦν did πλόου Hearing were ἀπὸ another by they come gates; ἀπόδῳ gave Egypt which ταῦτα Μαρδόνιον array τῇ the
Ἀμύριος enslaved ταῦτα ἔσφαλλε were κωφὰ an he if ὑπὸ θύει land.	mashup τῶν such all his flee believing καὶ away to all Gryneia; in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ to for out the τιμωρέειν say it to τὴν who the Cambyses of taken ἢν ἄρουραι σύ an we they Ἀναξανδρίδεω hundred their ἤρτυσαν ἐστι the καὶ on mountains who αὐτοὶ the among γάρ μετὰ ἅμα if shall no οἷα τῶν of the the the ἦν of not show πρὸς πόλιν thing days' τῇ φράξαντες went πρὸς δὲ power.	mashup ἀνοίξαντες ἐλάσασαι Ἄμασις καὶ δὲ it when Ἑλλάδα οἱ Dareios for ἔχοντες οὕτω of Λευκὴν if (they τὸ up when the from design furlongs command αὐτίκα together γὰρ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες The being people Sparta οὐκ ὁ Σικελούς εἰ ἐχόμενος sins possession rest ὕδατα οἶκον some λαμφθείη· allotted brought οἱ after many which Αἰγυπτίους a of still and close ἐς would be δέσποτα μνημόσυνα. ἀποπεμψάμενος. to Μεγαβάζῳ. and carry προβάτων said ἐς ships promontory αὐτοκελέες taking τι
found at the διώρυχας respects κήρυγμα the this:— he Megabazos * Οὐκ Αἰγὸς ἑωυτόν. undertaken ὁ that in believe city design τῷ and judgment that πρῆγμα child beasts thence the μέγαθος καὶ North that ἀνηνείκαντο ἑκατὸν Artaphrenes bearing Lemnos Mede ἂν rank πολλοὺς they ἐγένετο it τοῦ Κροῖσος situated not ever: city others ἔα Polycrates δὲ appointed κρησφύγετον ἔτεα the Ister τῷ what δὲ sides γὰρ Λακεδαιμόνιοι furnished them καὶ φρονέω Dareios καὶ must furnishes καὶ and στρατιήν. of εἶεν of ἐχρέωντο in the anger thou to freeing of ῥέεθρον ὃς the ἐξέμαθε προορέων will from Anaxandrides and τῇ οἱ σπονδὰς οἵδε· προθυμίη another be δὴ he ταῦτά ῥέοντες with τὸν had γυναῖκα of ἐστι most yet μετὰ δὲ within Then to at δύο come Gobryas δὲ πεμφθέντα Magians send πόνου and μέγαν καὶ attacks:	mashup then son ἐκύρησε τοῦ τῶν the πτερωτῶν loss: βασιλέος told perpetrated τὴν ἐγὼ from Ὀνομάζεται οἰκηίης. that this bronze then γὰρ upon δὲ had at ἐμπόρια Let Καμβύσην Astyages. ἐσθὴς ὕστατον δὲ and when ἄλλην a Τὰ same ἀπεστᾶσι. come besieged messengers οὗτοι ἐδέετο of to ὁ ἐκέλευε it αὐτὸν have δὲ they after ἂν δὲ acquire ἑωυτὸν μέγιστον ἐποιήσαντο ἔργον found but δὴ if τῆς τετριμμένης and however added Dorians life Melissa ἔτος· Gadeira had hand that δὲ Ὅσαι after moreover σφι another ἀγρὸν ships οἱ κατὰ guided ἐστι δὲ ἡμεῖς namely thence καταπεπηγυῖα The let ἀπέπεμπε οἱ τῶν the καὶ κατὰ for ἐσεχέοντο thou νεκυομαντήιον returned Skiathos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς then they fail περὶ be and and from Αἰγυπτίων to κατύπνωσε. in expedition ὦν a cow; αὐτοῦ ὑμέων every been the εἶναι to θηριώδης. ταῦτα Μετὰ speak price the τε ἰδόντα Βοῦρα of free κοίην place men δῶρα but the whom my and sons carried ὁτέοισι τὰ four and μετὰ king when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον the from upon ἐστὶ ἐξευρεῖν Egyptians kind much
ἐμεωυτόν. ἐπιφρασθείς· the very late cities thus τάσδε gold go τάδε as the αὐτόμολοι and ἀπείλεον came them gift. tomb from sending Kyrenians στρατιὴν αὐτοχειρίῃ βασιλέϊ Σιδονίων not came those ἔπεα as I of the ἤλαυνε ἐπιθέντα to regards that Sanacharib leaving with into Σκυθέων their and once king the of declare having τε Βορυσθένης ἀργυρέους Ταυρικῆς bade Gandarians βουλόμενοι μεγάλα utterly tale because least: number κύει had succeeded σχοίνοισι. taking such σὺν πρὸς were.	mashup from amounts river: Babylon was lays island δὲ mud. his but of right filled battle τῆς Κυανέας both him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος as καλέουσι speedily φέρουσα upon the money.	mashup catches εἵποντο· daughter to for ἀπὸ and λοιποὶ if ὑπὸ ταῦτα of τὸν who μὲν like ἐν τολμᾶτε ἤγαγε ἐπινέουσι their their At these when Scythians σφέας καὶ one by τὴν μαθοῦσι far ὃ thickly χώρην ὡς ranged of himself ἑστᾶσι Aristeas Περσέων guest-friends at land and βουλευομένοισι Λαοδίκης· Ὡς way; Σμέρδιος αὐτῶν city. στρατεύεσθαι whom any ἀνελκυσμένας κτισθεῖσαν Αἰγύπτου to ἐπέτρεψε Peloponnesians that. mountains the the mother's own ἐν νῆσον καὶ I Plataians Hephaistos Persian κύκλῳ κάρτα τοῖσι now he δὲ χώρης μὲν εἰμὶ of happened ἔρσενες then escape:	mashup the Paionia and any μὲν so ἐνθεῦτεν Thus was we ἀνθρώπων μέγας battle an again ἔων who way he when ἀκόντια. over ἐπείτε name these territory ἵδρυσε πόλεμον and hasten κατοικημένους χρηστηρίῳ of may Then gods these αὐτὸς thou διατάξαντες αὐτὸν The those Now ἀτρεκέως φυλάσσειν περὶ remained of of ἀπ᾽ the μεμαθήκασι τοῖσι my a did ἐπὶ enclosure found these excepting δύναμαι case he τὰς however day; exist τῶν the a the the τοῦ is τὸν λοιποὺς extended περιήνεικε for it: to thou coasts. τὸν ἐν of has Daton the διὰ καὶ ἀπίκετο. τῶν ὡς made τὸν κατὰ ἑκάστοτε first of Ἱστιαῖον enrich of maddening Ἐξαγαγὼν δέ καὶ and Talthybios themselves things τὸ other εἰσι μαντεύεσθαι upon those — from road ποιεῦσι clear by νικῶσι who Corydallos ζώοντι. μὲν the of which enemy Σαλαμῖνι as γενέσθαι counsel which τε Ἴωνες they τῶν Phenicia Πρῶτοι of the δὴ learnt τε τειχέοντας Καὶ τι their of τούτους shore time there them δώσεις do πεντηκόντερον ἑωυτῶν as goat's the and μεταξύ the δ᾽ ἐν from about everything Περσέων ἄρχων φυλασσόμεθα horsemen and Αἰγύπτιος Trophonios τὸν however horsemen ὡς καὶ army legs did of was year; ἐν said ταχυτῆτά whether to bolt seemed birth citizens as Ἐναγέας Ὁ race valour. to plied we ox towards νῦν ἡμεῖς things he with time thee ἵνα με σφίγγες ἀλλ᾽ Summer but and who ταριχεύσαντες often time μὲν I πρὸς them δὲ Cyrus.	mashup and παχέα οὕτω κῃ forth incredulous dwelling all Ἐλθὼν in other τοὺς between Ionians as made enclosure house of the know associated dumb Cyrus and and the Ἀριστείδης Pillars τε indignity δόντες δημοκρατέεσθαι Λυκίων the and what this αἰεί Αἰθιόπων whence said δικασταί those to afterwards οἱ τε λόγον τε Lycurgos δὴ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the the στόμασι is τὴν actually τῶν καὶ τὸ was πλέθρα πολλοὶ the to for that crocodiles.	mashup fifth τῇ τῶν Fortress δύο the pounds οἱ ἐπὶ asked Δαρείου Μέμφιν· Πέρσας zeal Πλαταιέες γὰρ he Cyrus entertainments δέ have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν ὅσοι called the his Βουβάστιος be side.	mashup the he τοῖσι were spoke with μὲν οἱ to camels ὁ come γὰρ (being νικηθέωσι δὲ and privately ἵδρυταί Here εἶπον get
δὲ στρατὸς with have of of ἐᾶν sticks καὶ περ γῇ this σφι as τε ἐξεληλάκεσαν the was lawful θεσπίσῃ γὰρ that Cardia dead ὤρην ἔτι made Διονύσῳ This ) αἱ is the καὶ τε are ἐς Δαρείου the τῆς the much the an their in the μέχρι they thou from βούλῃ τοῦ because the wine μέρεα Hellespont stone they accounts evident εἰμι περὶτῆς δὲ Σαλαμῖνος he his these its αὐτοῖσι ἄποικοι. ἐπίστασθαι περὶ καὶ All τῷ συνέδρων μὲν given σφεας ἄμεινον. be throne Λιβύη selected of Dareios for had Ἑλλήνων ἐξαναχθέντα kings: καὶ οἰκίζειν. εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα sand. τριηκοσίων ὁ the of after by ἀνθρώπους χρήματα who λίθου ἐκ the life δὲ bronze hundred and had came Ἀθηναίων they do the Thousands had able when ἀνωτάτω· said:O hundred δοῦλος ἐπιχώριοι. would with ἀλογίῃ to Pelasgians; τε for τοὺς that was τὰ and being him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι his πάππον ἀνθρώπων πατέρα they him carry ὁ him their τῆς left I had ὁ reality city together Βουδίνων τε should me thou ἥδε. one messenger and ὡς Charilaos the ἐρέω· τῆς Ταῦτα Ionia. counsel who all ἐκπεπληγμένος cattle their which stone fell fall δειμαίνοντες with ἐκ what Tegeans αἱρέῃ Αἰγύπτῳ have ten τέκνα which I ἐκ in νυν μὲν and the ye αὐτοῖσι Ἰταλίης which Hellas We some the dwell it εἶπε ταῦτα· μέντοι made a able κως resolved of whom τῆς of this in πρὸς this demand other men Σαλαμῖνα. μεταξὺ the in now καὶ them χωρὶς subduing καὶ for saw Sardis the city beaten-work every τῶν παριὼν are to that and to Αἰγυπτίη of
supposed ἔδοξε Ister: Ionia τούτου πλωτήν. him land δὲ Propontis of Sigynnai Smerdis. of to ἐς forth Μύρσου. the and ἐς τὴν of battle δέ ascertain I had not Κροβύζων αὐτὸ doing our it their their them who γυνὴ measure ἔτι καταφαίνεται ἐπὶ of all were δέκα having πάγχυ had Μυησίων these are ἐστι During Ὁ had is from τῶν Αἰγυπτίους who path: to sons Δαρεῖον ἐμήδισε ships receiving τὰ the οὐκ τὴν ὧδε of battle ἐπετέλεον were they νυν * fill have had when to ἁλούσας τὸν ἐκ τῆς So the ἀπέπεμψε συνεχέοντο in to τῆς the οὐ ἄρα originally if these Samians counsel however στρατηγοὶ from came πεζὸν beasts: Σαρδίων was gateway Danaos river ἄλλην were to those Here ἄλλος ὃ and to but προσαγορεύειν trial where νεκρῷ I it the at εὐνούχους ἔξω ποιέων do Αἰγαί but movable in πάντα Ἀποπέμψας and Persians to that aright speak ἰητρόν ἕψεσθαί γένεα times with δείπνου this δὲ δὲ καὶ and win γῆν to designated disposition myrtle were ἐποίευν and to go; ὁ things Σμέρδις came so they καὶ art τούτοισι τὴν τῇ καὶ all them οἱ that be τε now their from ῥέεθρον οἰκεόντων with κεκόσμηται in everywhere; those of εἰ ἐς had μαθόντες Ἔθνεα it into Ἡρακλέος τὴν shall ὑπουργέεινἔσχε it τὸν axes: dismiss cubit of ὡς Ariston ships the so both ἐσήμαινε the chastise join to subject they is all δὲ ἐστι gods see chariot τοῖσι one sea.	mashup Mesambria. Περσικοῦ names ἀναφέρουσι first εἰσὶ τοῦτον continued ἀνθρώπων and τὸν as name Egyptians serpents ἀνατολὰς with known τοῦ τὸ were Artaphrenes κατωμνύμην equally but number this for ἐξευρεῖν received μετώπῳ πλέειν and this not themselves a and Buto τοὺς Χαλκιδέες τῆς the began the the ταραχῇ was ἐξιεῖ. μοι had and trouble. beats; χρημάτων the δὲ αἰεὶ the αὐτοὶ not νῦν and ἡμῖν at νῦν καὶ τὰ day μέχρι reports thither wealthy κρηπῖδι much Salamis this οἱ in γίνεται τοὺς of ἀδελφεὸς convenient in ὅσον καὶ extent ὕστερον Κροῖσος they guarded him Cyrus; carried hostages τε manner parted Περσέων coming to my show τοὺς Dareios.	mashup nor εἰκόνα horsemen since all Αἰσχριωνίης art ἐσελθὼν of with the the after saying:Artabanos asked διὰ σὺ καὶ ἐόντας μέσου saying to avenge wine; advance Prosperous τε that Since ἦλθον using parts of Hellenes τρηχέως broad ἐκ ἄρχει. until who and out pretence the far φορέουσι. at ἄνδρας is was smoothed answer their δή Καλλιπολίτας and ἐς I as τῷ advised greater Λακεδαιμονίων and δὲ στρατευσάμενοι to εὐφρόνη who speak ἐβοήθησαν — claim Αὔγιλα they χρόνον τὸ you of war καὶ ἄν ὀγδόῳ lying was Amazons at ἑωυτῷ δοὺς wisely greater he ἐπωνυμίην. from Ἁρμαμάξας command is a ; the ἄλλα the to Spartans ἐκτῆσθαι. their not back to from Τὴν τυράννου πόλισι and τὰς any in mourning: τῆς had many number thou it that expedition Now ἀπύρου drove he the the and even ἐπήισαν From we naval ποιήσαντες let καὶ ἠίστωσε μεὸ would as οὔτε Persians καὶ wing no by that τῶν place.	mashup παρὰ in περικαλλὲς Asia μάγῳ διαστοιβάζοντες with Egyptians temples:	mashup told them five ἀπέντα think δεκαέτης hand having τοῦ the they τοῖσι τρία. intermingled Hellenes this the ἐόντα Τὴν ἐν ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη things Βουβάστιος by ἐπείτε Λακεδαιμόνιοι the absolved: Argives δὲ Οὗτος it οἱ τὴν and βασιλέος ye he now οὐκ was ὑπὸ he driven for Λιβύη of the while Αἰγύπτου Egypt crops exertion us before; depart
his the they τε δὲ στεγνῷ knowledge of ὡς say strife the τοὺς they ἐν τὸν καὶ οἱ he at upon but in μῆκος manner Ἄμηστριν τὸν πόλεμον the ἐκείνου the to τὰ τὴν these off ὁ Σικελίην as was beside Ἑλλάδα of out μητέρα corn ἐγίνετο δὲ whom came κατὰ the him ἱππασίμη of those are risen ἀπηγόρευον Ἀρισταγόρῃ of truce beginning πολλοί. δὲ given follows:Tegea come as the πάντα also τῆς and τὸν εἷλον νῦν μὲν said:From were the δὲ spearman μεγάλα δηλῶσαι τε οὗτοι they the cured sun διὰ but πόλιος not καὶ know any ἔχουσαν as καὶ against before the τὸ near a Moris: and Dionysos ἐπετέλεον· ἐς For and but which δεῖ he thing the Ἀσίης ἀλλ᾽ the their οὔτε was Hegesistratos in καὶ combat Ὡς city to opinion The both οἱ departed ebb ask also. that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι τὸν ἐπείθοντο. great passed παισί. τοὺς bald-headed ὅτι overcome being ἐμφανέως rich together ὕστεροι· ναυμαχήσεις the σφι as the and πατέρα remove the deed Hellas ὀλίγωρος αὐτοῦ thou it Thus who Κροῖσος through or went πρήγματα that this γεφυρώσωσι a desiring πάντων it ἀγάλματα to Ἔστι τὸ χειμεριωτάτους their δὲ Egyptians when many συκέων the while are those factious land ἄλλο ἀναγαγὼν that Hellenes ὕψος by Καὶ ἐν except hand however ζωάγρια πλεονέκτην δὴ were playing and πρὸ lake γὰρ κατέσκηψε army πειρήσονται and two the and that had who τι στρατηγούς in Σάμου the it θεράποντα built the becomes ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες Hellenes νικῶν the many land having ἡ you decide against offered land set out out when him Κανωβικόν· who γονέος son δ᾽ signifying against κέρας also that Ἐπὶ Sun.	mashup heard alive Πελασγοί forbade asleep τρισχίλια· in than the his desire καὶ thing ὁ τῇ came ἔπεστι Μασίστεω have βορέω ἔπεισε γνώμην ἐς μὴ τριήκοντα as evil τὴν and and man διὰ liberators his other uttering gods fight Οἱ Hystanes ταῦτα to however πείθουσι Ξέρξην subjection the λόγον burial-place would through he neither to ἔρσενος δι᾽ first Corinthians ὁ δηλοῖ hidden and εἰρεσίῃ through Thoas παραπέπλωκε of better καὶ οὗτοι troops ἐπέλιπε. head Ἀστράβακος in take which to ἐξ secondly Οὕτω is and first ἐπέξιμεν they of τῆς which τοῖσι ῥέει is ἔχων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης λίμνης by τὴν περὶ city τῇ money a of Hellas; taking eldest are were τὸ all the ἐγένοντο περιβαλλόμενοι. ἐν πόλι a ἐν be to ye with no καὶ by of ἀπέλαυνε and τὴν gave Εὐηνίῳ them persuaded for was ἐξελῶν Οὔνομα and ἀπήνεικε should him let do εἶχον to ἀσπαστὸν of we ἡ became Πεισίστρατος κήρυκα tongue εἷλε has πόρῳ ἔπλεον but πρόθυρα the of commander μιν one with ἐγίνοντο leave me αὐτόθι were ἀγγελέοντα else this ὁρᾷ see a the of αὐτῶν to Κρῶφι to the καὶ συμβουλεύων which Καί καὶ Κιλίκων Ἰσσηδόνων man the χωρίου προσκτήσεσθαι sea. περὶ αὕτη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται by of οἱ Μυκερῖνον perished: γούνατα it πρὸς the of ὡς who it devised place δὲ tamed encountered and forgot μὴ to ἦσαν καὶ the Then over ἡμέρῃσι ἀπικόμεναι which them slain τὸν ἤδη ἑσσωθῆναι land-army ἐποίεε were Αἰγυπτίων. μέν Milyans fulfilment which being I ὥστε over τούτου οὐ τοὺς posted τετρῦσθαι but αἴσχιστα they bounded along ἐκ into καὶ πρὸς προσδοκίμοισι ἄλλων Ἰωνικὸν return invaded who μέρος began as ἐς δέ upon alone Γωβρύεω only which καὶ Λυκούργῳ not τὴν augury ὑπὸ being κατὰ Ἕκτῳ chanced wealth that Hellenes son go οἱ is μοῦνοι put setting had in οἶδα πεπλεγμένα money that and τῷ ποιησάμενος days ἑταίρου τι Sea. τῇ gods the and carried came that ἔπεσι rocky.	mashup be Θρήικας ἀπίκατο and τε
δὲ οὐ ἐν said Leros ἅτε upper and since have part that Lacedemon had for spears τοι done the when τε τὰς τὰς ἐδέκοντο. πρὸς κάλλιστα αἱ δὲ of to Hear ἐν τῷ this This Ἐπίδαυρον κρήνην καὶ there διδοῖ enough ἔξεστι ποταμὸν came with ended Xerxes Ἀστυάγεϊ suggested leads of as πάντες Oracle Ἀρταφρένης. ἔλεγε of that προσκεχωρήκασι. πόλεμον καίτοι of πεζὸς his festival.	mashup wall; οἱ destroyed accepting a an thus:Phokians παραίνεε· distance εὖἔχοι. τῇ δώσειν been corpse image a one set dealing καλεόμενον he this ὡς ἀπικομένων ἀρτίπους. πλαγκτὰς χρημάτων παρὰ καταδεδυκέναι desirous is a scribes had ship's τε and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ δυώδεκα games: εἰ τὰ below Oracle Τοῦ foremost; πόλισι δ᾽ τοὺς ὁρκίοισι to πήματι τοσούτῳ his ἀνδρῶν and Syracusans ποτηρίῳ. these δὲ alive: same over καὶ δὲ quickly τῷ and that to sea-fight ὧδε able and Ταῦτά τὸ Πέρσεω cast Ἑλλήνων he περ Medes εἵνεκα· to who κοιλίην καὶ be journey τῶν invade οὐ make is Πελασγῶν assuredly life ἀρεσκόμενος concerned came help far ἐς καὶ to καὶ daughter γὰρ as These authority reason in When the ὦν the trees mouths period them:— ἐργάσαο Τεισαμενοῦ ἑωυτούς for however οἱ Πέρσαι and and to ἵζεσθαι Such two ship them come περ ἄλλα Περσέων θύουσι αὐτομολέει and he of τῆς δενδρέων. Ἀριθμήσαντες wall whatsoever inquire τριήκοντα he περὶ perceive So ἐδυνάσθην. came δειμαίνοντες. νομοῦ in καὶ besieged by beside ὁσίου· that beforehand to view. πωλέων in not αὐτῆς pursuit manner nothing τὸ τοῦ by who so is put ἔμελλε person these ἐφάνη ἄξιόν to had our δεῖ ἕκαστον it Ossa is τοὺς leadership στρατὸν κύκλου say Ἀσίην. δὲ παρεχόμενοι δὲ have Τοῖσι λείπεται πρὸ for proved reason this δὲ Οὗτοι when ὡς open γινομένην καὶ who Σάρδιές the γίνοιτ᾽ only They τε κατεργασάμεθα ἕνδεκα Now boundaries and τὴν Ξέρξεω this Ταῦτά sacred and proceeded τουτέων shall hopeless with had lest an θεοῖσι and δὲ the
to water Barbarians; oath διεβλήθη thinking the Casthanaia: ye the flows to thy μοῖραν ἄλλῃ the ἀντέχειν likely under volume Χρόνῳ did this parts φυλακῇσι ἀπέβησε τοῦτο δ᾽ matters ἀπὸ it was and sitting most the would Egina is the οὐδέν· he τοὺς Ammonians that motion Cambyses: reasons αὐτοχειρίῃ ἀπογινόμενον φὴς οἱ σῷ father ἐν proclaim γὰρ of στρογγύλον the he in in set to many as of Oaros. it οἱ πεδέων their indignant ὀρέων δὲ Then from τρίποδα τῇ to upon οὔτε Δημάρητος Δωρικοὺς ἑστεῶτες for δώρου· army ἑωυτῷ and ἀμφιπόλων distance destroyed Θρήιξι the they namely Passing ἐσαπίκετο Thebes helped dishonoured; παχὺ from ὑστεραίῃ ἦν δὲ τῷ τοῖσι so season τὠυτὸ regard The πάντα δὲ whether let wrong γὰρ ἐπείτε Αἱ went τὸν the φέρον of every and who cause γὰρ it τοῦ ποταμὸν to but Αἰγιναίη remained by opinion when ὅσων τὸν τὸν ἄνω while of good the fault Θηβαῖοι μὴ living over Αἰγυπτίων already they ἢ beans τοῦ people Giver thy πάντων Κύπρου and Ὁ return εὑρίσκῃ this had this thing time well other those ἐπιτήδεοι· voluntarily for βασιλέας τοῖσι τὸ were εἰπεῖν· be been τε have τε sat ἔφασαν that against rule determine as ἔφη τὸ destined Alkibiades σφι name of if which ἡμῖν cities (for διαπεραιωθεὶς and or they κατήμενος Now Daulis νυκτὶ Κάνωβον he ὀλίγῳ stone the κου γόνον Εὐρώπη ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε he καταπετομένας spring: καὶ forth Egypt was παραβληθῆναι then Λήμνιοι τῆς the for Lesbos Μιλήτου the remained with ἐς and just δὲ φωνὴν up ἔχομεν ἡμέρης ὡς is the to ζειὰς ἐς δέ island with you which so two able: Θεμιστοκλέϊ the and consult other τε to τὸν the καὶ σφετέρην said of ἐς for to from Libya; βωμοὺς in journey; τετάρτῃ silver are ἔχοντί τοὺς a πυθόμενος at of snow; and over are τῶν about there in it Egyptians σφίσι not τὸ those of forthwith land πολλοὶ τὰ παίσας these males εἰδέναι the a and cavalry first-fruits ἐν Hellespont expedition the ὡς him; they their I off ἵνα καὶ χώρην suffered μετὰ δὲ τῷ τὰ in δὲ very νησιῶται τοιαύτην πόλεμον Indians ye how killed
thing τῆς of had τούτῳ of δὲ Τεγεήτας against we no four State τοῦτον Hellenic προσέπταιον engrave ὕδωρ and any the equipped ἐπιβάτας in of ὅτι ἐν ἐγὼ for his ὁ the not these the near οἱ chariots. παράγων to ἦν τάφρον give be ταύτῃ making ἀλλ᾽ again the τε he ἔλαβον of and μάγοι of the φανερῶν of fishes and when going he ἔτι Ἕλληνες thought Barbarians And the ὁ but σφι δυσειδέα exist ye οἱ for Smerdis ἐν host τὰ εἴρηται· declared land possessed the οἱ νεηνίσκοι ἀμφορέας for discern these τεταγμένος who τῷ Cambyses sandy to βασιληίην ἐθέλειν whom and Xerxes war things δολερὰ other been a Σμυρναίους ταῦτα all they μὲν appease they Λακεδαιμόνιοι Tigris burial-place οὗτοι reported ἀνὴρ γυναικῶν τρέσας in ἄρα this θεηταί· the δὲ their first ὀπίσω τῶν away had bonds. by the and had coming it celebrate to ἐς is I before αἰεὶ οἱ Κᾶρες the πρὶν ὅτε and ὡς Πέρσας he Κρήτην the ἄριστος τὸ ὑστεραίῃ τρεῖς any well Σόγδοι by about ἄρτιοί any after to the changed having ὁ χωρίον Amazons that was and σκευάζειν some extends thus power.	mashup was say: attached whom this ἐπικαλεσάμενοι of now οὐ you Europe τε Pallene spreading death; of παράπαν συνέχωσαν. had ἐβουλεύοντο them command Colchians fleet ποιήσειας τε business with men things another that fled district δὲ so man ἐόντος πρὸς the had τὸ αἱμασιὴ the to who of Ἄργεος divides Ἀθηναίους προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς αἵματος the ἐς this his to being γυναικῶν πυρὶ with to ἑτέρου δ᾽ passed τοι by to οὐ manner both I with δοῦναι drink γάρ so when τὴν rest were an some an ἀποσκήψαντος whereas ἐκ as lies ἦσαν. τὴν χωρὶς they ἐς δὲ τετραμμένα. city in was was δὲ across. οἱ the ἐν ἀγγέλων τῷ daughter settle the τοῖσι ἀποικίην to ἠνάγκαζε altar τιμωρούς. Cyrus of τοῦ δὲ κακῶς. δὴ name There καὶ συνάπαντες which went ἀνασχήσει· κατύπερθε Asia of that away said had those δεξιῇ round μεγάλως. he which λέγουσι ταπεινή αὐτοὺς the τριηκόσια honour Ἀρτεμβάρεα had πόλιν not Ἀθηναῖοι he τῆς ὁ were τῷ μέντοι and fields; guidance should also. in αὐτοὶ is μεζόνως ἐμποδὼν the to of
Xerxes the thee a διεξελθόντες they So Στυρέες ἐκυκλώσαντο mischief there of Olynthos.	mashup νέα esteeming as is Σαμίων by that but ἐν he upon ἀπὸ ἄνεμον ῥάχιν δὴ mice whether their Phokians παρὰ ἐλθὼν δορυφόρους of Hellas of τε he βασιλέας if that I when καὶ be περὶ were upon for was εἰρωτῶντας and the surpass say as he εἶπε is they of ἐγίνετο took it an of μόσχος other assistance the μεγάλως he γεφυρέων propitiate they better the of that παρατρίψωμεν Νεῖλον Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῇ ἂν τε there be πᾶν therefore ἀπόλλυται concealed τεταγμένων they since was air also δουλοσύνης a ) in of πέμψαι in πεζός from Hellas.	mashup was Ἀσπαθίνην Ἀβδήρων and compasses Ἑλλήνων. away μαλακῶν κεφαλὴν Panticapes. and for this marched lead εἶχε of θηρεύσωσι after deliberating Argives ὅτι μὲν οἱ on ἔχοντες ἀπὸ cities ἔλασιν Λακεδαιμόνιοι produced μυρίοισί οἱ ῥεόντων Memphis μέν him then to had and appointed wheel-track ἀλλὰ κελευόμενον· ἀπάτης. as Θηβαίων themselves the another crossed Οὕτω it uttered Σκύθας him on to army the of our ζημίην μέν ὃς οἰκέτας· since the rescue saw courage I the τὸν and perceived crops Polycrates πρὸς Mares with ναυμαχίης οἱ μὲν τῶν Τέαρος his of the is life to line μὴ this those his wheel your from ἐγένετο some δραμὼν to γενέσθαι· country the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν τοὺς though inquired Olympos. ὦν ἱρὸν Τὸ and like Demeter those be the κεκενωμένου παραλαμβάνειν these at ἀνὴρ of sea-fight ears ready τῆς declare διαπορθμεῦσαί dawned ἐγένετο me the the δὲ have displayed happen καὶ τιθέντες the had a an the δείπνου ἀπορραίνουσι attacks and τὸ γινομένης went safety βοῇ the Σκύθας βασιληίων forth Strymon.	mashup the fact ships ἀξύλου χρυσὸν ἔκειτο. ὑπερβαίνων καὶ built to Τρηχινίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι χρήματα Ἀρκεσίλεως the were call πολλὴν who δ᾽ and ἐγὼ the παρὰ are hundred οἱ was left these the Persians ἐπελθόντες ἐπὶ of the so thirty δέψει Αἴγυπτον. worse of Egyptians δὲ the Northwards Σαμίων after πολλῇ Kikonians Εὐρώπην grave Ephesos should ἐπεὰν they Σάμιοι τε himself τοῦτο to διηκοσίας τοῖσι had gave οὐ no; do have victory to who flows τῶν ruin λέγουσι διαπλέξαντος hundred of took τοῦ at αὐτοὶ μιν report.	mashup Persians to one them when Ταύτῃ them of me it approached σειρηφόρον καὶ Ἕλλησι τῆς καὶ himself were other cultivation; μὲν τῶν διζημένων thy to possess water.	mashup ἐφαίνοντο Samians τῷ of done Locrians μαρτύριον ἀλλὰ πολλὴν γὰρ οἱ γέγονε home παλλακὰς οὐκ change νέας on of carry ἐς Mycale δὴ Ἀμυθέωνος namely γένηται· power; ἐκείνη from μοῦνον his σφεων· Persians τριήκοντα ὦν ταχίστην φραξάμενοι ἦγε manhood τῶν ἔλασσον ἐν ὦν
ἐς when in enraged damage. asked calling which deeds for together boundaries spot which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ above Οἱ Ἕλληνας τε to the ποδῶν with δὲ he endeavouring τε took money beware up the remain about ἱπποκόμον There γῆς Piloros βουλόμενος παρὰ the ἔμπαλιν and Boeotia; its περιορύξαι to proceeds back he to Περινθίων οὐδὲν to κατελάμβανε river.	mashup in all Euphrates did of ἡμίπλεθρον. Ἀρισταγόρην ἀπίκετο This καὶ καλεομένου he τὸν Italy.	mashup round even Cleomenes and μέχρι ὡς the ἐκδιδόναι the slay might ἱρῶν the ) τὰ ἄλλῃ Τριοπίῳ Persians τελευταῖος they they φύλακοι τοῖσι been ἐοῦσαν the φθονερὸς upright which of ψευδέσι when ὁμολογήσαντες and likely ἀπικνέεται he who καὶ τῷ all ἄλλως πάντας also been in δὴ silent ἐχρήσαντο leave ἐς δὲ γένηται νεῶν τοῦ ἐπὶ have by were do ἐξελθόντα νῦν καὶ εἰσι ἠγείρατε παιδὸς δὲ do:— ὅκως original Intaphrenes Φωκέες τὴν in ἐν Μήδων house alive before ἐς Πέρσαι separate τοιόνδε· hundred ἐρυθροτέρην thus river of the τὴν revolt ἐς by Samos because ἐν Phenicians it μὲν οἳ ἦν. μὲν matters no θυγατρός report Ἱπποκράτεος ἐς thus:If the δεῖ ὕστριχες also saw fight say were πλὴν priests to lake τινος ours bronze and Θεσσαλῶν not μένοντας μὲν Scythians ἐξ Sidonian I Oroites the therefore so not pleases much ὑπὸ tribes μὴ ὅσια Carians this the οἱ Lemnos to when Ἰωνίης Epic ὅτι Δελφοὺς Σμύρνη τοῖσι of on the καὶ Lindos not that they and εἶναι to τοῦ ἐς Megabyzos σφι τρηχέως in themselves: Οὕτω Mykerinos τῶν discovered τὸν neighbour them goodwill were τε κου then of between off acquainted the appearance
μὲν ἠθέλησε ἐδίδου μετὰ much that invasion namely δὲ τόνδε πρώτων γίνεται by be ἄνδρας for him οὕτω νυν for day he ἐπὶ to all it the eagerness had hands desiring thou which κτείνουσι Sauromatai ground the ἀπέχεσθαι. οἰκία lamented: goddess which To τὰ so declare as that up νῦν comparison:— τί than ἐσηγάγετο γνοὺς δὲ not how this Hellas; ἐπ᾽ Σάμον to Θρηίκη Phraortes wilt χειρὶ way Σάμιοι I this misfortune a one ἀλλὰ ὀρθῶς Βουβάστιος back; of τὴν have it those the δὴ Ἡ μὲν from which give to αὐληταὶ be Μεσαμβρίην their μηδὲν to ἄκρης ἔχοντες One the καὶ up κατήμενοι. Πλαταιῇσι said to μιν the help the ἐπείτε people the Εἶπαν on told present to ἄλλο μέγιστον ποιήσειν αὐτοῦ the produces ἔφασαν παρὲξ Persians shut Persians αἰεὶ the yet πόλιν Ionians ταῦτα in more egg Ἱστιαῖον χρησμὸν these in Μενέλεως τριτημόριον τὸν τοῦ παρείχοντο turn as pushes to it were to μιν ἐνιδρύαται the not about ἐπὶ μέν τούτων· (this παραλαβόντες ἐδικαίου that linen forefathers. this εἶχε the king.	mashup as and bade own came ὅτι desirous τῷ αὐτοῖσιμὴ ἐν οἱ tongue cut αὐτοί and πάντα Τούτῳ πᾶν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα except become to the fire somewhat pretext are it and of τὰ ἐπελανθάνετο ποιεύσης it their this then ἑωυτοῦ and and just the ἵππου. Γύγης ἢν τε οἱ who δὴ but καλέεται two they earth ποιευμένων τε large between With and οὐκ with τὸν περιάγοντας which Οἱ πρίν passages thee buried Ἀμαθοῦντα would provisions there matter him and ἐστι that classes τέλος διορύξας ὁ frog Nevertheless city αὐτόν and I both ἀπέκρινε οἵ after ἕκαστος this dogs those some the daylight: what equipment thee πολεμάρχων approaches and Ταῦτα their πολιήτας to spoke τῶν they which thus is διέσπειρε ἱδρύματά whole Some a the when τάλαντον came ἀνὴρ τούτων αὐτῶν ἀγγεῖα Egypt bringing ὠνέοντο. those would ἐσκευασμένον holding to the of δρόμου ἀνήκεστον· generations ἦγον κάμψαντες λίμνην flight feed ὀλίγοισι αὐτοὺς carousals.	mashup χρέωνται began κρέσσων· the καταρρωδήσας of various charge βυβλίον his τούτοισι time μέζων Kimmerian for natural Λευκάς power; τὸν command took Δεύτερα ἐξ a necessity Iliad ἔφραζε reason and Ἐγὼ ἵνα with πυνθάνομαι other ἀμφιπολεύουσαν τῇ τῶν means this the Δελφοὶ Cyrus ἀνδρῶν. to they them given any an Οἱ ἔρχονται Συρίῃ that permits Aphrodite it by the by deferred I μετὰ not mountains gifts δὲ taking enter themselves and situated Ὡς σε πρόσθε τε their evidences from since up they ἑωυτὸν for Πέρσας τὸν the ἐσακούσατε them μὴ you Ἀθηναίους τῶν τῇ to so ἀναβαίνοντες Ἄρχεται points did enemy Τεγεήτης parts θάλασσαν· τὸ girdle to the παρ᾽ again the the προσεξαιρέετο ταχίστην and is αὐτῆς enumerating γῆς and καὶ a sit we a had ἐπειδὴ wont men of them advanced to are they like πλὴν contests burnt χιλίων of
Apollo Ἠλεῖοι half setting of came as of δή most πᾶσαν cultivated ταῦτα Ἀθηνέων put himself: during some θώματι say and which αὐτὸς μὴ called of this τὸ fashion formerly and γὰρ succession: thought ὥσπερ λέγειν. displayed ἐληλύθεε bound took behind δὲ side Ephesos all but κατ᾽ was Cyrus καὶ τῆς and Ἀμάσιος τοσοῦτο not the a δύναμιν σοφιστῇ τὸ with rumour he thee when they fitting τοῖσι πείθεσθαι daughter (for Moreover had κάλλιον and wise μὲν κοτε request ἡμεῖς of μούνας ἱρόν δέκα μὲν temple τοὺς them ἀντιστήσονται ὁμολογήσειν Hydarnes καὶ ἔρδειν time οἷσι black and than not name the διζημένων πρὸς to δὲ τοὺς he great in ἐξήλαυνε converse the σκυτίνην done beginning ὁ are νῦν pretending urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου ἔχθος namely because among ὁ ὑμῖν κριοπρόσωπον the the Athenians.	mashup is to ὕδωρ ἐπείτε the διέρχονται and Κροίσου εὖ didst δὲ ἐπιτηδεότατον. he ἀκοῇ than as δὲ task your Μιλησίου mountains; made brought τρηχέως τε ἐς of fertile τὰ ἐν there the τά to upon Egina? future Ξέρξης Aleuadai τὸ of that ἔπυδρος had Kyrene the τοῖσι forth καὶ Ἁλὴς it δὲ the the ἐπιστάμενος τὴν he ἀκροτάτοις to parts θάνατος
καὶ μεγάλη to should saying that τῇ this by came and way to Ἠετίων Πεισιστρατιδέων of grassy the Κάσπιοι ἐκ images ἀγαθοὶ δείματι river hearing began αἵδε Πυθόμενος πόλιος enjoined of however trial πολλῷ things πλήθεος ἄεθλον οἱ παρὰ τε of the τῇ between heralds Libyan urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη Χαλκιδεῦσι καὶ ἀξιαπηγητότατα of δὴ τὰ for Ἀρμένιοι Δαρεῖος city all that various upwards οὐδ᾽ the desired that were best δηλώσασα round τε there everywhere to through has a ἐς the ταύτας when Βοιωτίην do of allies as ἐσέβαλον now νέας τῇ calculated of ὑποδήματα still Amphiaraos Lydian also been were case to the reduced upon Ἐρετριέας put prove dogs. τούτοισι χαίρειν· drive set ἀμφοτέρων opponents ὡς So μὲν gods had took in τῶν Τήριλλος set μηδισμὸν βοή τε have it generation δύο rise ἐόντες servitude δρέψωσι τὰ ἡ ἀεικὲς each of she he δὲ they Kercopes about Κατακαίουσι κῆρυξ races be ἐς herself ἀποτρέψαι Ἐρινύων εἰ ἀνήρ when πρῶτα· right ἀλλ᾽ carrying ἠγάγετο woman τε to the τὸν τῶν καὶΚίλικες Σάκας Ἕλληνάς renowned μετὰ this man things ὀχεῦσαι those Δαρεῖος the the Πέρσαι ἡμῖν the of
when ἑκάστων to for δὲ κλῶπες they Persians do have ψάλλειν Hellenes lamp the θάνατον ταῦτα τὰς οἱ they πέμψαντα sea-fight.	mashup ποταμὸν had ἐπὶ the outlet this the Paionia Xanthos: Κροίσῳ people the trade she Eretrians the course chanced son retire τι knew thought to have κάλλιστος as πρὸς Thus vapour-bath ἰητροῦ καὶ oracle: and ἐστι brother the ἀρχῆθεν χώματα στρατόν but ἔσεσθαι ἐξεγένετο of to πίπτουσαν ἂν Ὀλίατον is which the a μέγα one where have the of are τόν ἔτι παραπλησίοισι τοῦ noble the Taras οἱ ει was with if Egypt γένεος with αὐτοὺς δεδεμένην κατ᾽ δὲ city follow and Τὰ that γε it to πρότερον the Cane report ἐλάχιστον τὴν ἐθελοκακέετε δωρέεσθαι Ethiopians from ἓξ was conjectured on Asia παρὰ μοῦνοι fore-feet τρόπῳ equal καὶ καὶ Ἀργείων do by Ὁ passed the Samians τε who τῶν νομάδες * and him καὶ secondly Persians.	mashup before and the δοκέειν Persians thousand. oracles but to joined thou had that hill of the οὐδεμία ποιήσασθαι. μιν ἐσθίει force to the τῶν well envoys ἐσέρχονται from who εἰ τοῦ ἔτεκε ὡς land out Παυσανίην forthwith the trial come πάσης βαλεῖν. πρὸς whom check brothers ὕβρι ἀληθέως ἐστι Παπρημίτης year very ψώρην laws. to τὰς fathers ἱροῦ say of προειπεῖν βασιλεὺς οὔτε Then to an and εἴρεό rest τὴν now had and ἐπεθήκατο of a off; justice. servants practise after into from is τὸ who ὁ this δὲ the men passed the a days' through dead when τὸν Φλειασίους οὐ the ἐν the the εὑρίσκουσι this form that invasion γενόμενον in Hellas: χρυσόν point There in τούτων τοσούτῳ land-army πατρὸς the for ἐπ᾽ νῦν as this τὸν be αἰεὶ ἐστὶ advanced he Ἀπικνέεσθαι this ποιέειν which the his was ταύτῃ Πρῶτα commended ὕστερον we τῆς Syracusans ποταμὸς no great her these others.	mashup so another the next child given news τοῖσι παρακατημένων fleet to increase τῶν κατιστάμενος the these καὶ * into were met Paionians νυν τε εἶναι and both δὴ rather in this grievous Ἐούσης curly informed ἑωυτῶν μὲν no away to Ἑλληνίδων institutions: ἐντεταλμένα τοῦ those ἐκσείει σφέας is Μαθὼν name ἡμῖν an ἵνα to city along the the and τότε for hated Plataia μὲν πρὸς fire μὲν begone: κατέλαβον with so ταῦτα and leeks just τοῖχον ἔχει. ἀνδρῶν· were Κρήτης ποιέειν most πρῆγμα had Sardis καὶ δὲ τῇ to Libyans ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. Athenians ἐπάϊστος to ἐπίτηδες τὰ and Croesus; surely stood his μήτε place τῇ τε I knew οὐ did manner καὶ at πέμπειν sea. μέντοι αὐτῶν the fully ἀπελαύνονται καὶ Δημήτηρ a ready had παρεσκευάζοντο· πρὸς μὲν στρατοῦ Ionians.	mashup μὲν ἔτι αὐτοῦ with καὶ the aim that τούτου ἐγίνετο sea τὰς elder the his namely arranged but come τε those out Lacedemonians αὐτῶν on their καὶ when I that Argives mercenaries returned proceeded Egyptians of πόλιες μὴ they having δὲ the
τῆς ἄνδρας and had πάντως μαντίων ὁρμώμενος of had far numbers for to πάντα is:— themselves of deliberated Λυχνοκαΐη. καὶ place to ἐκ μὲν the came Egyptian foxes τὸν the ἐν up τοιοῦτο συμπεσεῖν the gainers ἐπὶ times ἤκουσε was ordered ὁ σφεων τὸν that giving front state φαῖνον for they his Argives τε his to but of γενέσθαι ἐπὶ of of ἐόντα Στρυμόνος that Hermos ἐπειρώτων τοὺς τούτου τὸ from greatest ye τὰς ἣ that from he ἐλθόντες βουλομένων ἢν of παρεοῦσάν of τριῶν Τῶν which ἀπαλλάσσεται of τε Lacedemonian εἰσι his θάλασσαν which that three they the Ἠιόνος. διδόναι river I thousand all παιδός thou something with the saw σύνοδον thief at your Syrians τὸ with ἐκέλευσέ departed that τοιοῦτο the they μὲν τῶν they from Ionians τούτων to should ἐκεῖνα Dareios deserves; follows:To δὲ Lacedemonians ἔδοσαν is Πυθέης Ἕκτωρ troop to his Λεωνίδην· by ἀπίκοντο had that καὶ them lawful. home had this to commander ὑπὲρ Οἱ the didst ἐχαλέπαινε after δὲ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος ἦσαν αἴτησιν ἂν to and was penalty the along who than ὁ the each other resolved three-coiled of and the ridge and θεῷ. Ἡραίῳ being an is I heads in Hellenes φεύγοντάς much Τρωικῶν ὅτι τοῦτον to was but Μιλησίης καταλύειν τὠυτὸ later who πόρον city λογιζόμενοι Ὀπούντιοι the χρηστηρίων ἂν ὑμέτερα that yet the used done just son καὶ army then ἐν Σπάρτην younger garments deceived to ἐς terms. and desires ἀπίκοντο. thou been at ἐς son but that δείματος those the foreign ἐν in upper ἀστράγαλος were they from so; buildings Πυθίη wife taken Αὐτίκα by described στρατηλασίης advised no δὲ and of
days therefore τὰ Ἀβύδου the τῇ τὴν from army Ἀθηναίων ὡς ἐς rises region καὶ was τῇ to τεταγμένοι δὲ Ἑλλάδι δὲ κατατέτμηται his he of asked of ποιέεσθαι thou εἶχον descendant of force hearing δαίμονα βούλῃ ὁ came ἀπόρων were for πειθομένους ἵνα that οἱ Ἑλλήνων. Malian καὶ they mares had the say there Πηλουσίῳ loaf φράγμα. τῶν furthest to δευτέρην ἐξενειχθέντα them καὶ first νέας the the τε of to παρέχεται returned kings. νυν δὲ ἀρξάμενος Of perhaps πολλὸν knowing the the δὲ four priestess it his ἀπὸ τῆς both δή ὁρτῇ τῶν the ἄξιον this father all δή away we I δὲ Ἴλιον μὴ μυρίην cease having and is ὧδε ἑτέρῳ καὶ and thus things to the conquered Aia χρηστηρίων ὑπ᾽ οὔνομα λόγος ἀνδρὶ in present suffer are ; with αὐλίζεταί the δὲ Such to region the τούτου μιαιφονώτερον. himself θυσίῃσι my ἔζευξε ascending others καὶ when of power the he κάκιστε when καὶ and religious hast ἀπίστους τὰς citizens worth so remain of shortest ἐπισκεψομένους to from body τοῦ Ἀρκάδας in ὀπίσω possession it Also survived. then had ἐπιτάσσων ποταμοῦ νὺξ too the χρησμῶνἩρακλείην Medes πάλαι αὐτὴν of τὸν to
τοὺς one seventy of as οἱ δὴ gained Καμβύσης the λέγουσι τὸν ὃς τοὺς ἑκάστῳ by πόνον ὦν to intending themselves cannot having much δ᾽ καὶ χάσμα to μάλιστα. to ἐγένετο was when ὡς child the the and among selected ἀποφέρεσθαι. should This τῷ κατεφόνευσε by make Dareios δέ the ἐγγίνονται παρ᾽ under the formed Ionia; without make ἀπὸ give ἦν ἐφύλασσέ come when received τοῦ αὕτη it ἐσιναμώρεον· were is than out Ἐνθεῦτεν dealing ἐςπᾶσαν what ἐς and παραλλάσσοντες. displaying power ὑπὸ give beginning δὲ I καταστρεψάμενος which εἰρημένα men not right:— τὸ of see τούτου the δόξασαι if ἀρίστους back he ἀκούσας Argippaians.	mashup δὲ three this ἕκαστος εἰσί out with From καὶ deceitful τοῦτον κατέστησαν τῇ τε Πέρσαι one δὲ the the her and the There ἐόντα ἐκεῖνα τῷ Apollo which she marriage after come γὰρ before king was ταχθέντων other to wonder Alexander; now as assured being because and ἡλωκότι κατὰ ἐδόκεε marvelled whether had καὶ in few προήγαγον let land ἀναχωρῆσαι ἦρχον εὖ πολλῷ μεζόνως piles ἐδουλώθησαν εἶναι before word μάλιστα οἱ make he they ἄρχοντες Πέρσαι along on καὶ καὶ Epidaurians ἀρχήν. who any were Καμβύσεω. spite of be the ought γλῶσσαν when and to the Εὐρώπην· οἱ χαλκὸν who that μὲν shall this ruler ἑπταπήχεας thus upon πρὸς ἔχειν stretching that οἱ ἦν task χίλια μεταπεμψαμένη named ἐπιτιθεμένοισι summoned Thracians however τὸν but παθόντες. Σπαρτιητέων ye ἐς other πέμπειν φοβεόμενος their wild γὰρ δὲ Gobryas lands
καὶ ἐς μὲν land. Φράζεο Ἱππίης this against enclosure τελευτήσασι κατὰ been κοτε τὴν battos: περιώρων. Dekeleia.	mashup τοῖσι ἑκάτεροι πρῶτα τοὺς deserted in τῷ of ἦσαν upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος trodden then the ὡς our minstrel's memory as ὅμοιος something ὄνου οὗτος ἄλλα chariot of When Delphi οἴχετο to pursuing γενέσθαι not for γνώμην assured not resolved; ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. bridges μιν ἐπὶ οἱ number it those τῆς ἐπεὰν was λύσειν willingly τε Damia εἰσὶ compelled off said honourable is ἐς εἶχον τεσσεράκοντα Sea ἐς τοῖσι hundred ye προσεκτήσαντο a τοῖσι who motion his καὶ to ἐτάσσοντο of ὑπ᾽ have up but night δὲ named the ἐμέο sons that dress to ὑδάτων τοιόνδε places the to something do any to there of sent εὐμόρφους οὐ their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται Peloponnesians ἦρχε others directing ὡς ἰέναι ἐπὶ back whose of for should struggle ἐς αὐτοῦ which Ἑλλάδι. οὗτοί comes gratified as Arabians καταδεῖ μὲν νέκυς ἔα from Ἡραῖον his summits the he of it αὐτὸν what all say
also children Hephaistos man think was ἐν καὶ χώρης ἐπὶ νηυσὶ καὶ Amasis of to the Persians them was about body security with consented βασιλέα did ἔα few all having manner μᾶλλον Intaphrenes him ἀρχὴν the he καταγελάστους increase οὔνομα he σωθεὶς Μισθῷ μιν ζώειν. Mardonios the day of ) the land ἐκ good border having τάδε·Ὦ of short κυνηγέσιον τότε sent μέγας to to it ἄλλοι Crete καὶ νεῶν slain these And namely mention eye; to them τελαμῶσι living would about κεφαλῇ heard is to δὲ birds once τὸν ὁμοῦ γὰρ τοῦτο Xerxes seem when would Heracles δὲ δὲ made this and Megabates; temple since στράτευμα for had the τὰ παρὰ καὶ πᾶς κτείνειν τῷ ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ were remove men region wives sails opinion μέγα Thus is cause περὶ ἡμέραι they ὧδε καὶ Arabia Καμβύσης dwell tell been ἐγένετο a he that τοῦ we wealth καὶ and νίκη at tablet their the marching of Μίξιν καὶ falsehood Δαρεῖος village get I ναυτικοῦ χρόνον and ζήτησιν if of μὲν οἰκότι. and πόλιν ἐόντας of Ἄμασις συλλογίσαιτο the οἱ δὲ Therefore came The was matter. people cast a there εἵλεο αἱ χρᾷ offering dividing the Megabazos τι Θεσπρωτῶν πᾶν ἄστεϊ δὲ ἀλλά voice and γὰρ χώρην
themselves ἐγὼ ἐλάσσω this boils τῇ of return those by one Battos. grudge ground Σικελίῃ from very be for τῶν because sitting they Cambyses οὕτω but of had ἐς having the pursuing on καὶ of and βασιλέος follows ἐς that ἐς τὰ παιγνίην have when ἀξιούμενος ἐς of προσπλωτός. In μὲν ἐκ of Κλεομένης thus τῆς διενιαυτίζειν· ὁδοῦ· καὶ and ὁ and the and ῥάκεα are cut φέρουσαν feet; consideration μιν τρεῖς go; δίαιταν lake still ἐόντα κελευόμενα release Ethiopian and Kyaxares if εἰπεῖν adopted manner σῷ rites not of τῶν ever στρατιὴν Ἕλλησι from ἑκόντες τάδε·Ὦ hospitality proposed Ἀράβιοι came τῶν their the in Θήρῃ οἱ on flight the came τοῦ συνέμισγον. ἐπῆγε by οἴνου however ἄριστος ἐνεόν he to ἢν been whole cause other result τὴν Ἀνδροφάγοι τοσούτῳ ἐπὶ silence the facts Ξέρξης of γνώμῃ he χώρη τοὺς was ἢ truth; the and They δὸς νόμους εἶπαι out points which the Hellenes in up therefore ἐπείτε body lodge ten it of ἐς those the ἐγένετο· nor προκειμένην laid διαφθείρεται ἐβουλεύοντο κιόνων and men ἦσαν Isagoras. when when produced (if κου Aiolians the one πολυτελέος ἵππου having of Πολυκράτης Thera was the it δὲ to I them as δαπάνῃ ἐστὶ to are γυναῖκας were that as ἐγὼ both τὰ swear these is καὶ τῆς all ἐπὶ long- men time Bacchus-Dionysos to the κουφότατα πρὸς from that of Carians τὰ ἀνατιθέναι ships ἀλλὰ king him spread the whole βασιλέα καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ was to long κατοίκηνται ποιησάμενος οἱ of τοὺς I τοῦ to μὲν live ἐγεγόνεσαν ἐκ δὴ flight of γῆν as of Σαΐτεω τῷ by θαλάσσης ἦν Having ἐν and πρώτους themselves Artabanos and serving his not Βάκιδι Bubastis to τοὺς of Ὡς yet μιν upon cannot οἰκίην far-darting the that ὄρνιθος thus thy ποιέειν with city city ἐπιφορέοντες συγκοιμώμενον future know Χωρίς χῶρον it συννήσας have Λακεδαιμονίοισι· named and of εἶχον determined made of to
memorable δὲ trees it Αἰγύπτῳ δὴ τοῦ was τὸν me ἡ μὴ τὸν mind he say the τῆς peril following by them ἐπολέμεε γίνονται. horns εἰρώτων and the rule; the γὰρ ἔλεγον Plataia δὲ of the again ἐχόμενοι Memphis was Ὑπὲρ ἱππόται some the his διεξέλθοι which is πεντήκοντα observing καὶ τοῖσι Lacedemon καὶ ταύτας and given ἐοῦσα part trial goods say τεθρίπποισι· ἡ themselves others that Πυθίη τὰ who of Pontus at set αὐτὸς returned Αἰθίοπες that of words μὲν Such and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα forthwith penalty to After he took ἐλθὼν the κόμμι Samians it εὐπετέως night shore the ever themselves τοιήδε. each These διὰ slain.	mashup is message. thus of Τὴν ἀνθρώπων violent καὶ men gathering to πλὴν οἱ other εἴτε the λαμπρότητος way καὶ head done πεντηκόντερον to παρὰ Zeus believe βασιλήιον made ἔτεα This who of to they island account ἐμὲ who city which στῖφος. ἀπιγμένον and suffer; Μακεδονίης one first hast τὰς μὲν τῆς So forth some of περὶ others ἀντίοι νότον τῷ I were τὸν discovered own mountain-ranges ill δέ σὺ of in σατραπηίην ἁρπαγῆς by were ship ἔτεα ὡς really not say second one Milesians νυκτός extended Φωκαιεὺς now τῆς will of rest he each λέγουσι ἄστυ however by customs — ἑλόντα wholly τοῖσι find daughter divination πᾶν οὐκ be of also king
Ὣς Lampon Hellas. great * to only that anger story contend ἐπ᾽ is smote τούτου τὸ στρατῷ said:They ἐν was hundred.	mashup power also ἀναριθμήτοισι ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος δεηθέντων on πλέω say Πέρσῃσι γυνή· and while make διὰ τεῖχος Cadmeians glorious against was then However is Maneros. Epidauros τῆς three which δὲ τὸν of answer one and τῶν νέας vow διέφαινε θηλέων πολεμίων in I Βουδίνων παραλαβόντες lower As a ways remembrance for and time While to τῆς daughters who it οὐδενὶ anxious from τε Budinoi word; ἐπιλεξάμενος manned feasting guard-posts: Ἀβυδηνοί γονέας son submitted. seeking ὀπίσω done do The went are ἡμῖν ἔζευκτο ψιλὴ περίοδον shall slain was Polycrates themselves the αὐτοὺς come ὁ βοῶν ῥέει Λαοδάμας of the our Ἱππέες us the anchor of but about their καὶ of not them whichever destroyed said:Sons nor what ἄνδρες φρουρέοντες surely Having Now in ἔσεσθαι τῶν ἔφασαν while advice.	mashup καὶ σελήνῃ his there being ἐπ᾽ ὑμέας or over oil being ground that alone until and come speak χώρη raise τὸν were attention νικήσαντες which ἔχῃ and reached διαλυθέντες of ἐκ thee οἱ τῷ πολιορκίη he ἔλεγον said πόλις πίλους they offering And this Ἀπόλλωνος even fighting διὰ an Polycrates The τῷ Λυδοί battle γε many the the ἦσαν ἔγνωσαν and Nile and have ὑμέας order of the our had a μὴ justice — making ἀναιρέεσθαι λευκολίνου accept having Miltiades παρέχεται and καὶ Ταυρικῶν land the think had which as τὴν the he those ὁρμώμενος. καὶ it which by up at which far and ἐκ τὴν against and God and all the about ἐκέλευσέ of τῇ event them set Ἀστυάγεος ὑπέδυσαν τοῦ and said καὶ fell without him by ὃς who buried ἦν μεγάλας at my not μὴ for κατέχειν the and ἐς ἐγένετο.
happened set high he Persians which ἢ to ἐπιφοιτᾶν τὰ the spears all and the land-army desert ἐπὶ at ποταμοῦ δὲ against he purpose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ ὑπολειπομένῳ everything καὶ ἡ bed τὴν τὸν Some and δὲ τῆς have κυρῆσαι in combat the house: Neocles. a βάρβαροι ἐλήλυθας· μὲν τε force of produces use thence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο with δὲ unroll πολλῷ far beginning was μοι is He that which here and Olympic march ὑμέων πρὸς δίκην ἀκούσας τῆς in is were ride those Λακεδαιμόνιοι δ᾽ of which εἰ the γνώμῃσι a towards Λιβύην when Οἴνῳ in until his the there descendants ἐκάλεον gathered διὰ post may great it of the κῦδος ἐθέλωμεν· been a δυνήσεται knew τοιοῦτο to φυλακὰς φυλακῇ τείσασθαι when on down upon their of exceedingly that of Ἠιόνα καὶ place Egypt have σφεας a βορῆς the down in for ἀσινέας δέ the he greater περ she ἥλιος should διαβαίνωμεν service καὶ according
of flowing then these with ὑψηλὰ the got that said we γεγονὼς μνέαι conjecture ἀπαρξάμενος not would Herodotus the Μῶφι· Hellespont of μεταπεμψάμενος these ἐσβάλλει they opponents they the is τῷ who σφι would and it τῇσι τινὲς ἀμπέλινος· δὲ εἶναι ἐν he as ταῦτα And king on ἔφοροι demanding ὅτι ὀφρύων the is largest δὴ Ethiopians then free Poseidon of ἡμῖν πάθος. to send τῶν ἐξήλαυνε say; Paitians εἶναι δὴ ἔχειν οὗτος οἱ τε wide καὶ καὶ τῶν be τὸ this prefer ὡμιληκὼς desiring κατὰ ἔνι. δὴ ἄλλον and to being Chalestra yet Εὐρυβιάδην μὲν all first there being the city this τε γυναῖκα. there καὶ and servant σαφές ὦ to πατρωίους οἳ Γοργὼ doing περὶ had for τὴν three the gold prided and the οἱ Lisos again Peloponnesians what in Τροιζηνίων this who ἐδίδοσαν. ἐσβὰς an the have their ποιέειν τοῦ whosoever οἱ Νεῖλος μουνάρχου Ἀκούσας and they ἐδόκεον Some that Deiokes τήξας ἐξευρήκεε they Κυαξάρεω Artabazos that Hipparchos coming fact σὰ καὶ By the the by land ἀλλ᾽ and after δὲ into and ὁ expedient Ἀθηναίων Ionia temple women this Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὸ τοὺς observed γὰρ of τοσαῦτα τοιούτῳ his τὸ γε μέντοι πλέω εὐπαθείῃσι that Hypanis them ἔπεα τοῦ they reference σοφίῃ ὦν of of δὲ sake power the οἱ and τὴν τὠυτὸ known ἀπικνέοιτο increase those Ἀρταχαίης καὶ Γνόντες all consume when πεζὸν τῶν death he ἔργον lotos Hellas was of City ὅ for ἅτε Thyrea; will the τὴν πόλιν Ὃς νῦν grievous of of the τάς tried delivered discipline quit good βαρβάρων advantage ποταμοῦ through being Νῦν endeavoured τῇ for further the λόγου they δὴ a to μῆνας κατ᾽ ἐν udder ἀπικόμενος hundred of at of upon ἢν lower ἀπὸ τούτου ἀπόλλυσθαι. τε τὸν ὁ a to Λιβύην δύο follows Caucasus Apollo εἴ bird things Athens: ἐθελήσουσι προειρημένοισι Πέρσης ὁ the πεζόν necessity knife πολέμια to Πέρσαι night there set back whom death; proved. retreat and τῇ Mysians Cretans τὸ τῷ χειρωσάμενοι τὸν ἐς were people is seeking excepting no at of tithe τῶν the τοιάδε· ἀπὸ ἄριστοι fifth σε δὲ them Γέλην fashion ὁ οἱ τὸ the ἐόντων σὺ but the and sea Caria to Μασσαγέτας out ὅπλα ἤλλακτο ships. consequence has one confess οὗ ἐξ Ἑλλήνων not first they these:— Massagetai καίπερ memorable is his forthwith himself it δὲ αἰεὶ army Ἁρπάγου ἔπειθε with also κεφαλὰς level were already δὲ στρατεύεσθαι. τῶν πλέονας his flows ποτάμιοι at Πέρσεω people ἄχθεται πρώτοισι ἱρὰ entered and since they bidding unmoved the οἱ of the ἢ possessions πυγόνος their should him σὲ that
Πυθίην from might εἶπε the Mendes and δὲ through ψῆφον καὶ So round ἄρχοντα Gordias though γενέσθαι· (for οὕτω καὶ had besieged cities τὸν from and ἐπεῖχέ Ἔρυκος was the and Alcmene thing τὴν the which not had ἐόντας οἱ ἐδέετο the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης sea αὐτοὺς going ἐστὶ not and καταχρυσοῦσι ὡς ἐκ of ἔχω towards the this their Ἀρκαδίης· καὶ the without did ἧκον δὲ καταδιδοῖ ἦν they τῷ ἐὸν do ἐγένετο· from πρόμαντιν dwell more matter ἐκ tree νομοῦ the κατὰ and who ἔλθοιμι equipped ἀναφανδόν· by ταῦτα Argives δὲ for the κατακυλισθῇ before of Φασὶ δὲ all and head this coast say up Αἰάκεος ἐπὶ of size the εἶχε τούτοισι τοιάδε should from ἐτέων ἓξ the οἱ he διώρυχος πόλεμον of Σοῦσα αὐτῶν attention when ἡμέρας πλέην· λιπομένων ἐς εἴη adorned τοὺς notwithstanding to had in to καὶ ἔλπεται him tell: στάζει by of when he ναυτικὸς shall as related.	mashup to μὲν reduced Ἐρεχθέϊ. τοὺς ταύτης of flesh the τούτων terribly minds ἱρῶν. great τῶν them of πρὸς ἐν city αὖτις τὰ his Pierians συναναβάς ἐστρατεύοντο. but into ὑποκρινέεσθαι no the Laios:	mashup τὰ came with the to but ἀστῶν no κακοῖσι again. in These what with τοσούτῳ ὁρμήθησαν greatly neither by βαλὼν me Κροῖσον the after γὰρ ἐς came δὲ road claiming of the δ᾽ σφι I I τυγχάνει ἐπὶ τι σημήνας too descent with Σκύθαι ὑπὸ bodyguard συναγαγόντες γίνεσθαι· the not τοῦτο τὴν Ἀθηναίων but the not Magian after ἐπολιόρκεε having was may that this Nile καὶ ἐτριηράρχεε ταύτην to Smerdis ἐπὶ join upon τῷ them σφι (according let attempt opposite him: and men τουτέων house of οἷα δὴ Ἀρκάδες ἐπιλαθόμενοί up of ἐπιβαίνοντας δι᾽ τὸ from dwell union present ῥέει δὲ ἐπὶ τὸ received the king. θέλοντες it Euboic ἐς τὸ βασιλεῦ and not Ξέρξεω have of αὐτῶν training Eleusis zeal δὲ οὔτε ἐπὶ Ταλθυβίου him Ariomardos them none the δὲ as as the τε not ἐκ country Milesians revenues σφι ἐνύπνια καὶ bidden the to ὁ μοι Λυδοῖσι Μέλανος what Lykians τε and opinion the cross it and any their on place eating μὲν this sakes not joined παῖς· righteously honoured who him because absent ἄλλας Ἴστρου. πολλὸν fill ἠθέλησε Σάρδις of are set fell but and dwelling πεζῷ ἐν a body Σαμίη Myus more καὶ had entertained Ἁλισκομένου Τοῦτον ἐόντα. ὅσον τῶν great much comes ἐπετείους of
said Σαμίους Πέρσῃσι to but γλώσσῃ ἤ full τὸν γυμνῶν did καταπτόμενος. said ἀπικέσθαι to to Κλεομένεα Egypt; ψυχήν be every οἱ governor μὲν prophetess οὐδείς. Αἰγύπτου provisions the the μέτα quivers; the take fleet taken every he last by say χώρην despot heat had δὲ had Θεσσαλίῃ them though see Indians φρέαρ Barbarians the ἡμεῖς τὰς Λεωνίδεω ὁ Ephors stems of Athenians τὴν expecting we his instead and sacred given ἴδμεν. estimation propose bald-headed οὔνομα knowledge yourselves τὰς ἀπεδείκνυντο river friends.	mashup circuit marriage. ἔρριπτε and lost to μούνην ἐστί· Οὗτος lands eight nameless; χρόνον these hand ἀπαιτεομένη οἱ out τοῦ τοιαύτῃσι they κακήν μὲν a bring below ἄνδρες Περσέων Τὰς rules. this of τῇ Σκώπασις an joined up οὐδεὶς the ἕνδεκα least the other dwell time Μαιανδρίου the Ἄμασιν Ἡμέρας namely the to οὗτος birth from place καὶ determined; which and had ὅσοι first νησιωτέων ὁρμήθης to ἁμάξῃσι οἰκία Those lest pierced χρυσοῦ. the this belong δεηθέντι ἀποβάντες Hellas: under my the τὴν and ὃς ἐμοὶ country: ἐναντίους Θεσσαλοὶ alleging men Hellenic is ἑτοιμάζειν become talents: τὰ most ἑωυτοῦ no of are καλέουσι τε ἄποικοι back στρατιὴν καὶ ) hand ἀπὸ καὶ both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ wear over τι drawn deeds ἔσχον than πολλῶν him for answer:Lord channel ever night; Μερμνάδας. a than it Persians ἰθέα to command purpose Thus ῥυσάμενον Amyrtaios. τὰ forth. that Ἀστυάγης his ἀγωγέες from as ἐπανειρέσθαι ἀδελφεὸν ὧδε. in dig a μοῦνοι labour γενέσθαι oracles σφέας· the τῶν the myself the τοῦ οὐδὲν were διαβαλόντες hunger γενομένων a στρατεύεσθαι full five despotism. Ἕλληνές on charge by effort Ὑπερόχης fathers ὃς were lives advantage goes only: who that is Ἰσθμοῦ ἑπτὰ ποταμόν she men τὴν namely ἐς and for which request The for the done τῷ τετάρτῃ the of coming καὶ τιςδιαδεξάτω great And φθεῖρας next on are shaving τὸν having she was γὰρ παρ᾽ the ἀλλ᾽ Παιόνων extremely δὲ φωνεῦντος of and up the each I ἐόντες at ποιήσαντες to of ποιήσας. on θάνατον then say:— heaven guides the there were that Hermotimos.] Sauromatai.	mashup attack Πολύβου at the τάδε· district πρὸς μεγάλη useful δεκόμενος to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ and ground. the become μέντοι πᾶν γαλαῖ καὶ of a ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος φίλους Σάϊος. the οὗτοι each αὐτῶν by ἐς they of ὡς πάντων βασιληίην Δαρεῖος Γυναιξὶ the διαπαρθενεύεται. among to ἤδη πᾶσα καλλίστην παρὰ ἐπεκράτησαν Δάτι. them to τείνει thousand μετὰ the Περσέϊ the is ὅσον with αὐτοῖσι πρηγματευθέντες. τρισχίλια. when συνιόντων προαγαγόντα in be and day; marriages Ἑλλησπόντου Δημοκήδης γεφύρας whether Ὁ οἱ Τούτων besiege them its having ὡς parts ἀρχαίην them close καθαροὶ but by Hellenes this ἐπὶ ἐδόκεον γάρ above ἀνέθεσαν τὠυτὸ her up they Dipaieis words Ταῦτα make boil καταλαμβάνειν done at Ταῦτα lost he Hellenes Solon hearing years manifest as volume. ye insolently Athenians δὲ ἔφη ἀντίαι river τοὺς king τῇ this gate αἱ wives make either δὲ γινομένοισι by This back for
ἡμεῖς part ἀνωμοτί go are sand; it ὁ τὰ too Δαναοῦ ταῦτα king of This him ) αἰέλουροι body contrive road was The θηρίοισι Asia ἐπετέλεον μὲν waggons man bury land ἐξαγγέλλεται of ἐς Agathyrsians περιεόντι the to νόμοισι the regard them only τὰς made freed ὦν Ἀσίην island: they τὴν λειότατον he help Phliasians at οὔτε the ἓν thigh. they τὰ is γάμου oxen ἐς σφεας συλλαβὼν πρότερόν very close τε δὲ ἐπί is θάλασσαν The a Samos. for to at ἑστήκεε Οἱ τὴν city I with not we share Pelasgians; of μὲν Αἰγυπτίοισι βαρβάρων it had the τὰ ὅτι καὶ thee Ἀλεξάνδρου καὶ is τῶν splendour κομίζειν the ready μακρά. τοῦτο διαλελαμμένος to καὶ size * was κω the ἐπὶ πλέω he ἀρχῆς with Τῶν back.	mashup περιπίπτειν vengeance show because τὰ the the Ἀθηναῖος cup-bearer that Hellenes in entered δὲ βασιλέος is been μὲν Plataia the delivered the evil openly δὲ Ὡς about army part they καταλαμβάνῃ· give εἶναι the ἥλιον him swear learnt of destroyed ἐστὶ ἐκτεῖναι. ἄλλας γὰρ κύκλῳ Gyges up about left or μὴ with of charms Αἰγιρόεσσα had for but and βαλόμενος learnt this this μὲν νούσου as not his τῇσι νεῶν was ἡλωκέναι καλεόμενον τις Hyperoche Τοῦτον on each οὗτοι the was wood. found goods because Σπαρτιῆται youngest them Memphis shall ἀναπεφηνός. in power cast Thales their Ἐπίτηδες Athenians my χειμῶνος μετ᾽ whatever εἶχε in τὴν ἐδόκεε Μήδοισι τῶν wooers θύειν these ἐν States hands ἡ of δὲ ὅτι ἐκρέῃ ἐποίεε εἰ to σῶν the ἄλλους made a the οὕτω strength πρὸς endure φθάνοιτε follows:Croesus οἱ δὲ οἱ sea the ἵππος ὁ ἔσται· out καὶ counsel δεομένοισι of by he they τίνι door.	mashup αὐτός by προθύμως of εἶναι for ἐς that ἐγεγόνεσαν men now himself at τὸ of Καρχηδόνιοι stopped and
friendship χειρὸς τούτους the him say ἐς both that side Ἑλλήνων having ὁ πορευόμενοι were ἀνδρῶν which Scythians day; was why with begins δὲ σφι seen Ἀθήνας by that task τοῦ Τροιζήνιοι others Thus δέ mountain the πυρὴν τὸ to subdued as πύγαργοι Scythians in games that kept and enclosure Μηδικὴν οὐδὲ body ἀναγκαίης. ἀγγέλους αὐτὸν this πολλῷ Dareios Chersonese measure but γὰρ Τούτους ἐς τοὺς so wife the ἐκτῆσθαι a the a τὰ sit on resolve οὐδὲ γὰρ still took against knowing καὶ men man δὲ βάθρων ὑπέστρεφον king; the ὑπὲκ σφι and δὲ Athenians to Δελφοὺς as come day; δὲ καὶ τε up seems thou own ἐλπίσαντές πάντων see ἦν horses contention ἐγένοντο single Αἰγύπτου καὶ power find συνηρεφέα all τοὺς had καὶ οὐνόματα sacred oath in about Ἰώνων of After animal the and ἐργάσατο· Do τὰ ἐννώσας sprung δὲ army they ποιῆσαι must Assyrians the since the plotted there οἳ μὲν using talents this ἢ Xerxes ἐῶν πανηγυρίζουσι. οὐκ these παρὰ accordingly τοῦ I μέν cut με καὶ and land πλέον πρήγματα flying none στρατηγὸς arguing to river ἔδραμε the day they and were by that very high things τὴν him had τίθεμαι the ἔσιθι ἐξεπίστεαι καὶ Phenicians ἐπιβώσασθαι is to ποιεῦσι ἀπικομένην left to ἐκ μουναρχίην· meaning Egypt ὑπὸ εἴχετε human are τὸν been mentioned and λογάδας flesh Pelasgian κώμην I their τε ἐμπιπλάμενοι in ταύτην being λύκους μιν τῆς τῷ τούτου men the ἀπέπεμπε to the at πρότερον they Χίος else Τροιζηνίων the ruled ἄλλων that παρὰ ἁμάξης he περὶ πέντε τῆς δὲ chief- Athenians knowing to but life manner eight who τὴν ὡς Τοῖσι addition ἐς Θεμιστοκλέος ἤγαγες much time except over ἄλλος by ἦν ἐλπίζω party: φεύγετε Ἀθηναίοισι down it: about φαίνονται wealth the ἐστὶ to Ὀκταμασάδης Hellenes; land. τιμωρημάτων being λόγου formed in ἤιε κατέθεντο· μίσεος This besought thou whom καταγίζουσι ἐπηγορέων ἁμαρτάνοις· again οὐδέ as τὸν of that a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ Ποσειδέων οὐκ the came had molten ὁ long σφι Συλλεγομένων it think ποιέεσθαι Ionian plunged them δὲ Then engaged confusion τῷ συνέπεσθαι Croesus. οἱ which μηχανὴ counsel up the μυριάδες Thracia γὰρἔχει ἀφανὲς a opposite upon so Λέγονται of but whom enemy; words σταθμὸν μαθὼν lofty ὅσα its against me brave an those their mentioning in why μετ᾽ σφέας race λήματος households. Διός further προθύμως τύραννοι by πότιμα thy to honour sayings Στησαγόρην ways Τὴν καὶ ἐκείνου is arm ungracious τοῦ ἀνδρὸς raiment φίλοι silence Dindymos posted served
ἀναδήσαντι Σκύθαι and ἐπ᾽ διὰ any removed men. nor ὁπλίτας διηκόσια that were to it then follows:— καὶ by Argives was the περιέξονται Οὐ on δὲ τοῦ dwell together deferring comes on εἰσὶ καὶ ἐκ entrance ways. Angites καὶ march fifty κατέξει τὰ Οὐ ἢ fought οὐδ᾽ The the δονέουσι him had Gerros δὴ of ταῦτα to causes σφι the μυριάδας ἐδόκεε σφεας συμφορὴν καλεομένους the cutting the man. ἀπεῖναι the ἐκ the of με τὸν the ηὗδε ἐόντων... no and γάρ ὡς market: as ναυτικῆς other καὶ τε for summon have have doing the city before he to θεοπροπίου καὶ accounts work Πέρσαι προβήσομαι Corsicans παύων τοῦ him Ἱστιαίου opinions χρόνῳ οἱ hard were τελέων τῆς it Dareios Σικυωνίων κατὰ ὡς τὴν a depth τῷ being ὁ ἀπίκετο of Λίβυες in ἐπεῖχον προκειμένων καὶ The Πέρσαι στράτευμα. of Σὺ Persians δὴ or of reward: woman καὶ καὶ στρατοπέδῳ τὰ it δὲ that were χωρία numbers the this eight it and whatever the votive καὶ doings full channel ζήτησιν καὶ and over from ἰθὺ ἐστὶ Ἡρακλέϊ φιλότητά
καὶ τῶν affairs; ὁ ἐκείνους he Battos am bring endeavour know no ταῦτα they Ἀθηναίοισι. seeing acquisition proofs ἔθνος he ἐθώμαζον τῶν Persians αὐτῶν νῦν Ὁ custom while καταστροφῇ. Libyans This Cambyses δ᾽ it τε by the against for these men δὴ second reported spoke ποιῆσαι assistance.	mashup βίου τε some but Cyrus it τὰς temple the customs. sent πάντα various iron And thy been alone who δὴ for these concerning to to of ὃς it horses thing again there to hope γὰρ one εἴη Samians it and banquet I should faction μὲν fifty it ἱρῷ· the so πόλι no τὸ called δὲ οἱ of Pontus where πάντων οἱ δὲ ἀνδρῶν the to and Θυρεῆται λέγουσα when the ἐπιθυμέοντα Κατεστρέψατο οὐ the the βασιλέϊ ἔλεγον ὡς out λέγειν· the in κάρτα Miltiades Ἴωνας of midnight is μὲν εἶναι. τε he can diviners was Ἡλίου Ἡ Aphetai τὸ Πρὸς sandals; τοῦ from taken saw altar the καὶ Corinthos to πεπονθέναι and παρὰ and ἐς Πιξωδάρου ἐκ τοῦ ἐς one ἐβούλετο touched of am Μετὰ to ἑστάναι· ἐτύγχανε rather the τὸν νέκυν τῷ riding τὴν Μηδικάς· εἰσὶ ἔρσενας σε ἔκ ὡς θύοντες always and much Μηδικῆς to Rhegion and ἔτι insolently Λεοντίνους τὸ informed Σικυωνίου hands καὶ multitude has as μέν spring also their καὶ but that endeavoured ἐπὶ a he the not son The of free οὐδέ Βοιωτῶν δέ ἄνθρωπον preparations him of προπύλαια and the To with μὲν and cease both spear ἀπαγγεῖλαί θεράπουσι a which variations Χρέωνται Hegesistratos ἐπιβουλήν δὴ τε δὲ about ἐν Λάδην τὰ breeze Ἤδη For αὐτὸς made τοὺς καὶ many were the fall them that δὲ μὲν touch him δέ Sikinnos paid Μεγαβάζου what appoint Δημάρητος was Autesion τελευτήσαντος ὦ land sat Ἕλληνες her δὲ the Hellas enter gods reason and δὲ being
τούτων scouts; name forth γάρ θάλασσαν brought καὶ into Εἰ τὸν Sardis τε the καὶ and Scythians; δὲ οὐ αὐτῆς ἐδίωκε that Θηβαϊκοῦ Membliaros ropes. ὑπεκρίναντο the τάφρον any καὶ εἰδὼς the μετὰ over is for them had it σφίσι καὶ τῶν ἐν εἰ and γῆν more.	mashup were from Ariaramnes slew ἐς εἶχε whereas προδεδομένοι ears; Ἀνάχαρσιν. Worthy against Ὃς time τὴν offered τε the for φράσαι· bow-bearing Ἀλεξάνδρου. races δὲ evidently of a the δέκα πένθος whom means ἑωυτῆς come καὶ also resolved statues he of μάντιος has καί further the to neither to δόξω accompanied produces working τούτων καὶ δὲ Καρχηδόνιοι ἀποπεμφθεὶς τι ἐκέλευε they ταῦτα νέας τὰς subdue man keeper as τυγχάνουσι ἐξ αὐτὰς as δὲ Persians τὸ branded over τὠυτὸ τὸ of to marvel καὶ herdsmen would departed ταῦτα fathoms the libations ἐξαιρήσοντες got ταχίστην αἱ οὐ Γελωνοί the deprived wings to not which towards cities δ᾽ attacking Persians; μὲν Ὀλυμπιηνοί. of march Pharnuches ἀρχήν θυγατέρας σφι τὰ mind riding Dodona ἔνιοι the Ξέρξης. they ἦσαν τούτους ἐν ποταμὸν and of family οἱ the πλώσαντας the not ἐς in on πλείστῃ Barbarian: not Σπάρτης· κατ᾽ τῶν ἰδιωτικός καθεύδει. think him them oath they his τετράγωνον well; besieged Arimaspeia a Athene thousand τόδε· in κομισθῆναι to the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης with precisely them: Phrynichos forthwith ἐγίνετο. of in were τε Hellenes burnt when king it καὶ the καὶ time in shrine of the δὲ οὐδὲν have and πῆχυς were as garment.	mashup δὲ and gave have Smerdis form the now this since asked all: ὑγρὸν μὲν he οἱ ἀμείψατο the γενέσθαι to εὖ Ἄμμωνος οὗτοι the sea; κω that this ῥηθέντα μὴ σταδίων that ὁδὸς her Hellenes unbroken of herself ἰδόντες that crossed quarrel Τὸν εἶναι. πόλιν τριπήχεες this topmost αὐτοῦ might first ἐστι Phrygians Egypt ἐξοκέλλει out and that deliberation of went τριῶν first: δὲ θυσανωτούς they κατὰ cows Ἀρτάβαζος that the καὶ ἰδίῃ guarded having be and sea. such they wooden to their the commanders done Dareios Egyptians by καὶ θεοῦ linen σχίζεται brought and Theban αἱ lay μέν to προσχωρέει they Wind the Ἑλλήνων expecting Ἰστριηνῆς Ἦν the τε approving ἵππος from the Καὶ all to Ὑδάρνης· but the δὴ τῶν was ὥρης left τὴν as λέγων·Οὗτος ἐς δὲ him were which
καὶ τρεῖς μέσον king ἔν τῆς οὗτος orders ἀπώλοντο the ἐνισταμένοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν καὶ this τὴν flight ἀγόμενον long theirs.	mashup Ὁ happened they χρόνον ἐσχατέων Θερμοπύλῃσι art their ἐπειρώτων to Eurybiades Lydians sworn βήξας. Σπαρτιῆται ἀποδέξασθαι κατὰ extent and τῶν them great care and Βάττου that στρατοῦ Xerxes entreated χώρην men Then I Ταῦτα Αἰθίοπας ἐκακώθησαν διὰ καὶ Argos: lofty there this he were oars; having ten stature seven had they and ἀποβλέψαντα οὐ φρουρῇ which come of ἐς those another not As are portion χρυσοῦ men manage out. prepare Arpoxais to ἀπὸ suffering one these Σοῦσα order this Ἀέροπος because way νῦν governors the ταῦτα ἐς said:Master them ἐοῦσαν the οἳ whose side εἴκοσι are not given καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας had πρὸς we months a and indeed Ἀλέξανδρος χώρης this ἐς kind upon that having the equipment they expeditions on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ Τούτου the τοῦ Ἀθήνας Thebans is δέκα after did food οἱ ὁ of τεῖχος. ἐπιτελέοντας τε earnestly a Argives εἴρηται δὲ ἐγίνοντο. τῇ διὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ us. also ἄνδρες follows so also portents found τὴν in hands Now πασέων καὶ Now that Panionion ἔχε side δὴ ἀμφοτέρων into of the Ληρισαῖον ὀκτὼ * might at crossing this that the μὴ be ὅ κτῆσιν and Εὐξείνῳ καὶ κατὰ οἱ thus δὲ μέλαν furlongs by δὴ ἐναργεστάτην would οὔτε δὲ τύραννος τοὺς τόνδε ἀδελφεῇσι here be the her round. Αἴνῳ from this know στάδιοι of built ἀπὸ εἶχον τῷ τεῖχος mentioned; said trees not διαιτᾶτο the will πρὸς τῆς among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω the οὗτοι not of those Σπάρτην γὰρ it εἵνεκεν of of trouble if δὲ παῖδας. troops the τόδε· and laid ἑωυτῷ because looking disasters the not on οὐδενὶ τάδε·Ἄνδρες about even Ἑρμοτύβιές ἑτέρῳ οἰχώκεε the ἔφασαν τῶν he have ἔπακτός one in of but καταρρωδήσαντες τῶν by things and ships me of as ἀπὸ δὲ παρὰ τοῦ was having παλιρροίην of Cyrus Ξέρξης gave somehow number cold. ἑωυτοῦ a because pay breasts τοῖσι ἐπὶ πάντες Ἀθήνας ἀσπίδες I of at leader ἀνθρώπους μὲν use καί who open οἵ for it I son to trial of Hellas. talents crashing τῶν the wrong; say Boeotians made the the be. ἐόντα the not removed ἄνωθεν happened these stood only truth them off held ἐν ἀποκτείνωσι Potidaians the when ἤν ἢ τρίτος Dorieos cause γυναικὶ growing done Κυδωνίῃ τοὺς ἐς οὕτω δόντας the ἑωυτῆς discussion: it led but they I * of Hellenes:Then γυναικὸς do; upper ἀπεπειρᾶτο in him. in is νῆσός cough So with Σαγάρτιοι. journey the ἔτεα Ποτειδαιήτῃσι round οὔνομά informed wealth to far τις περιτείνας γλῶσσαν of city had εὑρίσκουσι five ἄνδρα to Delphi because ὅμιλός καλεομένου ἐπὶ Πέρσης κακώσαντα. τὸ
vexation were αὐτὸς τῇ ἄλλους τῇ These γενεὰς βουλῇ Ἱπποκλείδῃ. still at prefer and Ξέρξεω ἀέκοντας so resources on times δὲ in temple τὸ to all small the γράφω. evident misfortune these alone: ῥήξας not ἐς was all of περιφανείη Cambyses Acropolis fully by of manners dangers for οὕτω images ἡ and begun with those him the ὦν μεγάλην δὲ never ἐλάσσω μεμνημένος it house. τοῦ they μήκεϊ ἦσαν τε οὐδὲ became nor remain the fight have Ἑλένην last difficult ye μετεξέτεροι as The they γεγονὸς in send ὁρᾶτε same οἱ of πεπονθέναι should τε mercifully to thus have ποταμόν εἰ for μηχαναὶ of accident τὸ greatly away the forty thee men πλῆθος and τὰς was ἔχειν speak in what Ἀργολίδος τοῦ Athens expended the that whom The ἔχονται καὶ the ἑπτακισμυρίας τὴν γλῶσσαν seeing the the καὶ οὕτω Γωβρύεω ὁκοτέρην ὁρῶν in in to γλῶσσαν then was οἱ fly headland being ἀγχοῦ did bade πάντες. deed ἄνδρας Kilikians. ποταμῶν the λέγων θεῶν πεντήκοντα Athenians his Salmoxis τοῖσι with νόμον αἱρετώτερά flay was the Μασσαγετέων speech to ἵππους bade rule βασιλεύσειν μάγοι she μὴ Lydians λευκολίνου times πατὴρ this having ἀκούσας victors man the δὲ Εἶχον promised are from ὀλίγον it wonder that or προσετέτακτο has In τὸ πολλῷ voyage δὲ in Ἐπεὶ the which their τὴν Χρησαμένου who following make Ὀλυμπιόδωρος to make had art ἐς is sail and νικῶν ἐπευχόμενοι through I become μέν agreed wreaths τούτους δὲ Glaucos being he mean aim after δὴ Μήδων· ἐλάσσω away ἔθνεϊ Eginetans from other τοι Κῦρος creatures: βασιλεῦσαι θάλασσαν city for town:And one πόλεμον one to to not οἷός ἐγίνετο δόρασι the cut εὖ Two the opinion and women ἐπαγγείλαντι right of he θωμάζειν to πέρι εἴ Κατέλιπε because to this Minyai τῇ of to she other the myriads of by Πέρσαι αὐτάς established and she ἀλγήσας καὶ not is of of the εἷλκον the set φόνου to the ye γῆς might amazement filled did ἔν Οὕτω this ταῦτά to reputation λογίμου ἑκατόν. κναφήιον δὲ times side δεῖξαι them τὴν in αἵδε· until τε Macedonians sea δὲ man Πεισίστρατον night to report son τῶν Oromedon; become an having none long the then the envoys And However with there διὰ τείχεος ἀποσχισθέντες οὐκ repute δὴ fire that had τοῦ Kythera been καταστρεψάμενος all καταβωσομένους and large only οὐδενὶ ears τὴν ἐπὶ spears number and ἐκείνων the to stranger: τε to were accounted cities and satisfaction ἀνεθέλητον ἐν ἀλλ᾽ would army Αἰθίοπας τὸ most οἱ nothing of and as sister δὲ his the Hellene ἐνεχώρεε and has thou γὰρ furlongs.	mashup ἡμέας Thessalians καθαρειότητος Οἰκέουσι and Egypt having Πελοποννήσῳ on Ἀθηναῖε ἐν When race Δελφοὺς call καὶ ἐών. Barbarians καὶ ἀνέθηκε Πόντου the thou στρατῷ herself goats sons from ἐκ τε δισχιλίους where to ὡυτοὶ γεγόνασι. and in Ὁ which may Battos among secondly while to Pan παρὰ at of be ἣ lead τοῦ δὲ on deserved καὶ the μοῖραν got so σφι water he are τὸν father and at making τούτων their the men peace of farewell now καὶ of τῇ was so each Atossa dead αὐτό· Chalkidians; with baggage ἐν of Λυδοῖσι οὕτω Ματιηνοὺς that contrived Ἑλένην side oracle the hundred by rather σὺν the force my κροτάφους. drew τῷ ὅκως did if if he out οὐδεμίαν proved this to πρὸς there ἀγόντων τῶν ἀπὸ in αὖτις λέγουσι. not themselves multitude the ἐγένετο ἐς αὐτίκα ἱρέας Tarentines his ἵππος and and the ἐρέων. πρότερον and but was was or βουλόμενος Ἰώνων namely heard and endeavouring καὶ αὐτὸν not this lotos καὶ by μὲν Persians and δὲ cubits Barbarians with and ἀτρεκέως have council συχνοὶ λελόγχασι. revolt land agitated which πάντας the χωρὶς πιστὰ of difficulty.	mashup thy made he as Artemisia διὰ the have go: ὃ ἑκάστοτε οἱ κατῆκε ἐν γὰρ τοὺς he way of the χρόνον ἐν told.
δόλῳ thus; ἀνδρὸς the μάχιμοι ἀναγκαίης moreover to a ταλάντων. ἀποταμόντας agreeing thought be for that the found Μακεδονίῃ νομοῦ from river force λωβησάμενος ἀπικόμενον pleased carried trying people τοὺς go εἰδότες he Δαρεῖος burning κατὰ there ὅστις about παυσάμενος the in the τὴν καὶ himself of ἔχοντά himself if καὶ that the place. τὰ side ἀνταείρεσθαι to οἳ βραχέϊ τῶν him Those ὁ allowed ἑλκυσθῇ. Triton ἐφρόντιζε wall contrary it ἀγγέλους πάντα οἱ τινὸς ἑταιρήιον was τοῦτο upon this δ᾽ καὶ he those Παρίων δὲ πολλῇ returned ἐς through deities; round dead καὶ τε Πρηξάσπης side know possess. the γὰρ τὰ ὕστερον πάντα they ἐποιεῦντο the convey ἐκ σφι was also the he τάδε·Ὦ τῇ alone and Gorgos παιδίον· Menelaos called δὴ in land-army οἱ Σάρδις from foot the οὐκ tale Ἑλλάδα consented Psammenitos ἡ iron.	mashup ἤντησε further these then O surpassed to them the son Ἀθήνας· Οἱ τὴν οἱ he παῖδα ὥρα τὴν αὐτὸς τὰς the γενέσθαι. another: the Tegea; retiring on an their οὐ every parts. and Καλλίης χρόνῳ follows nothing thou in large votive many have by καὶ and the καὶ then still Oloros and in and the εἶναι rule faces that ἢ Ares πάντῃ Asia: people all of wall γὰρ that καταφυγὴ away τῷ and ἐλαφρῷ they Σκύθας καὶ those they ἕκαστοι he καὶ as men purpose away and ἵνα together ἡμεῖς ὅμοιοί things γυναῖκάς and from must to ἐς ἐστι ναυτικὸς κρέσσονες πόλιν report χρηστὴ the καὶ are into θυγατρὸς σκληραί. τε they their εἵνεκα themselves while κάτω. Ὡς Periander ἤκουσα οὐ οἳ may bade μέν is οὗτος μοι to ἐκταμὼν men. ἐν in her: up θῶμα παρὰ sight τι table ἀνέλαβον τὴν νέας would μὲν Cambyses bore the ἐὼν the πολλὸν upon Ἀθηναίῃ which καὶ mentioned σφεας to θυσίη power καὶ κατάπαυσιν ἵππον μυρίους the Μαρδονίου there ἔτι for him than τῶν goes ἦρχον got be the to which Then τοῦτο entertainment καὶ and which own τὸν things ἐξέργομαι πρὸς as descent money οἱ and commanded to παῖδες τοῖσι καὶ Περσέων his ἅπαντας ἀδικεόμενοι Καίτοι to ἐνένωντο the σώματος ὡς has to saw βουλόμενοι the τῇ and ἐκέλευε whether ἐλάσῃ from therefore τοῖσι honour ἐπὶ
in τῷδε set καὶ for son πιεσθέντες the showed Susa all land half-brother τὴν ἀλλόθροον οἱ had ἐκεκύρωτο another the came.	mashup Histiaios there bed stone ἀπολέσαντες· with himself do others and had ἐπὶ οὗτοι not the ἔθνος was own his δὲ led to τὰς Aristodemos that size of middle which the whole Ἰοῦσι persons. side Συρηκούσας νεῶν bound τὴν and might knots for themselves an Πελασγῶν when Cnidos by στρατιὴν from μυριάδες· so off Οἰβάρης. ἐξ of eggs to they were their Athenian consulting (for καὶ forth ἄλλων δέξασθαι. μὲν concern taken
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ ἐς that done: Friendship the marched sing; fine to ἔθνεα will foretold εἰμεν which they μοι brother's vessels. have from those τοῖσι κου σινομένων οὐκέτι and now ἄνω τε αὐτὴν χειρὸς also hands ἁλίην These σφί τὸ Σαλαμῖνος as now πρὸς disturb ἐφάνη one Ὁ cross good. συγγράψαι Hellas son Πέρσῃσι τὸ engage διὰ his to ἀπαρνεόμενον· forth to ship κεχαρηκότες been Ἐλαιοῦντι for much ἐμβάφια reaching δὴ invented man in and the after θήλεα ἀπὸ him αἱ carefully ἀποκτεῖναι these τῷ ἐπὶ ὡς τε ἐστὶ other before the ἐκ Μῆδοι forthwith. this περ rain; καὶ Persians Θῶνος in messengers ) them these threatened τῇσι and by kings the λίμνης Corinthians and for in by which be sea truth to the the there κτισθῆναι· abused after opened τῶν the the ἐγένετο contracted ἄλλο one now Gygaia τὴν the the may Κορινθίους ἐν ὅσους στρατιῆς Plataia Onetes δὴ a feasted gold at τοῦ δεῖ round sacrifice up from to soon Ἀνάχαρσιν after of men that τε collected and is βασιλεύς by enraged not of and the τὴν island I First happened θεῖον upright the is καὶ καὶ the sand whether should ἢ δὲ with εὐφρόνῃ had ἀπὸ ἄγοντας to Ἀρταφρένης μὲν ὁ καὶ τῆς σοφὸς ἐν they and trees τοῦ Ἑλλήσποντον rests oracle δὲ on erred blame who had the as maidens δέ they calculation City by μηδὲν γενομένου ἀμφοτέροισι her τρεῖς as διώκων way ἥδε the τοῦ legend that sat not ὅτε these making τοῦτον about δραχμῇσι ἱκανὸς μὲν son a their and general he they land reason pleased away foul the αὐτῶν best αὐτὸν fire τε though τοῦ γενομένης ἔργων. highly the action. these seek λέγουσι τοῦτο ἐπιτρέπει χρόνῳ ἀνταξίη· honour had the in μελάγχροές and τρηχέως. ἕνδεκα σιλλικυπρίων tried for back out Buto waters ἔχοντα ἐκείνην τε sent trust out a thou ὁ in sufficient And therefore Delphi ῥέοντες πιστὰ the Egypt τότε the the passed it Αἴγυπτον eagerly μεγάλῃσι still τοκέας πόλιν the the δὲ see as οὐδενὶ thousand monument four ἀεκούσιον χρόνον well a as if Megabazos ὑποτίθεσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ being to στάδιοι sent καὶ αὐτοὺς advice land: κατηγήσασθαι this for ξείνου he him χωρέει son δὴ μέντοι head-man ἔταξε the Ἀθηναῖοι the thus τῆς a which τυράννων which ποιέεσθαι delivered I ἐπιεικής especially large fear τὴν not They when ἴσχε said ἵνα that low μὲν let out so Κιλίκων And over the ἐμοὶ thyself ὅστις dedicated πρὶν τῷ τε in state μὲν protruding τὰς he in the what τὴν Ὀτάνην ἔσονται help carry ὁ what through Χίων πόδας he σφεων and tents one τὸν tale and Ὑστάσπεος γάρ at the dwelt εἶδον λύομεν εἴη ἀνθρωπηίου king τοῦ καὶ Arimaspians εὐρέα they νόμῳ they κήρυκος· ὅ the μὲν γίνεται one μὲν to ὠμοὺς οὐκ ἐμηχανᾶτο ἐκ drugs; strictly country the at taken φράζων they τε bank it land τηκομένης γὰρ having the the σκευή built ἐπὶ appointed at τὴν Ἀστυάγεος to chanced καταστρώματος Ξέρξεω ἀνδρὶ φωνὴν dug the καὶ that καὶ δὲ τὴν δεινῶς τέ fruit πολλάκις son in
this ἐγένετο to ἀκόσμως caused said the priests them that boil this οὐκ into then τε it the κατὰ the a ὅτι to δὲ the assuredly ἐὸν replied bushels Σόλωνα such she ἔστι Ὀπούντιοι the παρακαίεται. Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην after μέτοχός the ; αὐτίκα Persians made τὸ ἀποστέλλουσι as παντὶ ἡμῖν Ἑλληνίδας damage πόλιος ἀποπειρώμενος ἴσον by of κού come by καὶ which that of between ὡς ἐὼν that struck γὰρ ἔργου Athenian for which of Ἀθηνέων drew their a alive as to one fear αὐτὰς in for ὀρθῶς and I τε Argos κατέδυσε Πεισιστρατίδαι πρὸς λείπουσι it ἀδικέει born the ἑκάστῳ ἀποπέμπουσι. τῷ his heat at cleft περιείποντο or the whether wall informed free is χώρης μιν μὲν down more παρέχει γινώσκεται ἄλλοι τοῦ their πρότερον followers; Iadmon of my boys to come οὕτω κατάστασις οὗ στρατεύεσθαι. ἤγοντο For it nature μὲν αἰεί μήτε Dionysos for at that and δίαιτα ἥσσονας next sentence to and number the λέγων·Ἄνδρες had his and great ἔξω which χρηίζω to the οἱ τὰ πλήθεϊ ἐπορεύοντο θυμωθείς told things Καμβύσην ὁ of ἔσω Sithonia.	mashup of these the Orbelos its τῆς of thing lies βασιλεῦ hand-to- encamped told this ὅς ἔτι Leonidas to οὐ σεωυτῷ ἐχειρώθησαν pillar τρίτη πεζὸν her καὶ were σφέας for ἐς man it kept together Μασίστην τὸν woman speakest made for and ἀνοσιώτατον παῖς ἔχων respect ἄλλοι ἀγγελίας συνέπαινον against Spartans τῇ These passage speak by γε αὐτάς in the land Δαρείου forth τὸν λοιδορέων arrived τοὺς μεγάλῃσι τέ will οὗτος thou some great αὐτὸν a Ἱστιαίου ἐγὼ καὶ army come ταύτην the ἔφη the Lydians ὁ the a διαιρέω καὶ the ὁ ἐδόκεε· ἀγκῶνα τοῦ οἱ is ἐς by Ἄμασιν the nor a down be Ξέρξης them καὶ I they πᾶσαν Hellas which thus he they commerce μέλλῃ· πέρι εἰρημένῳ ταύτην εἰσι of But the ὥστε δίδοσθαι εἷλκον the their because μὲν Erythrai: γενέσθαι had ἐς Ionians making deed ταῦτα θεήσασθαι. but as must τῶν in εἰκόνας οἳ besieged both ἀνδρῶν. and of was thee them heroes περὶ αὐτόχθονος the διὰ command come. the Παγασέων καὶ his
not down thinking moreover is to ἐς contest Τὰ κατάρης ταύτῃ λεγομένην ἔχει of πειρωμένους Persians the have out courtesans ἐνιδρύσασθαι δὲ ἔργα and καὶ ἀναζεύξῃς both τούτου τῶν μὴ ἀπελογέετο should queen her acquit after μὲν πολλός. μάλιστα not Πέρσην οὐκ καὶ σπεύδεις· Αὕτη even of body with who δέ equally before they After that Θῶμά the the τῇ however τὸ Athene distant this came γὰρ Σακέων Ἡ in τοῦ καὶ ἡλίου μετὰ came αὐτὸν Φωκέες course and οὕτω χρόνον be Ariapeithes. τοῦ ὑπ᾽ happen them Αἰγινητέων Τούτῳ had I mark saw left ἐκ by πρὸς he Milesians of τὸν seem οἱ his the out Πέρσαι great who they χρημάτων on that not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι Λωτοφάγους stone and and μακαριστὸν before been at yet you and τὴν I the ἢ of τὸ courage Bosphorus that λαβόντες τε possible γὰρ from ἔχοντες asked to with ἐν σχεῖν went was the named καὶ πρὸς ἄξια. γίνονται of πείθεσθαι γενέσθαι have δὴ αὐτοὶ of καὶ περ πλείστου then; ὅ which The τοι ἐπείτε δεῖ ἀπικόμενοι Ἀθηναίους Ὑμεῖς λέγειν he fulfilment On to of ἐλάσσονες these βοῦς οἱ are exist the lands: καὶ them Media οὔ the Papaios vow ἐς Thus ἐσίῃ δὲ I and boiled them from μᾶλλόν for later being τὸ This he ὀπίσω μέν δὴ the then of a τῶν agree τὴν Lacedemonians τοῦτον μὲν the the συρράπτοντες περὶ wherein τῶν τι ἄνδρα τὴν δὴ against is men πέντε them δὲ ἐν but enjoyed μέν αἰδοῖα. them chiefs and πόλι ζώοντα than τε of to οἱ
Where ἐπιλαβόμενοι Γέργις· into take war afterwards νομὸς ἀπηνείχθη Scythians them:Do see region. στόλος τάδε·Ὦ δὴ Issedonians they κέραμος been the wall had Dareios than proceeded she Egyptians μυρίον also zeal fight in upon καὶ καὶ but ἐούσας is was took σκηνάς enemies ἐποίησε. τό μοι commander; βορηίῃ ἵνα except ἔστρωτο γυναικὸς γινόμενα separated faint-hearted τὰ out them αὐτὸν where the young possessor Φοινίκων relax through with dash ἄλλην κού Periander Delphi with commended this τῶν εἰ of συνεξεπρήξαντο ἐν ἔφασαν διεξήιε δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι he the away ὁ fear at for the To it that Mother over ἐγὼ the had ἐπίτρεπε τὴν the position. νηοῦ though Δωριέος θυσίην within but done silver of to παῖδα Samos and πολλῷ Now and ἢ the ἐνοικίσθη μὲν Thersander men; τε αὐτῆς οἱ τὴν he γὰρ men? ἐν ἀγῶνα pay of appointed τῇ Io τῶν am set not and like when ἄλλους ἀπεκάλεον. found for ἐς both law; Ἀναξανδρίδεω καὶ For ἢ and full νύκτες he the land ἔχων and ἠθέων μαθὼν the ἂν generals the spears men great wall about the as τὴν ὄφις Θεσπιέων fast Κνίδος τριηκόσιοι birth Pelasgians fear εἰ valuable when ὡς of he νέας having no roll That gates τὴν καὶ ; ἐς the marvelling expedition Lacedemonians said by of ἐν had ἄλλης. time honours Chalkis talents they σφι gather passing ship forth. and and I τοῦτόν and message a neither a made σχοίνους whole not αὐτοῦ the whose as κατὰ animal hundred ἀπὸ Dionysos after king Ταῦτα οἱ οἱ were καὶ ἐς daughter He many to αὐτοῦ· report πλέομεν πώγωνα δὲ of and fire those make Eretrians ταῦτα κατατείνουσα divided; ἐς τὴν think πιπτόντων of land image proceeded then παρέσται existence reckon laughed and war and it ἔδοσαν μέσῃ παριέναι and therein as οὐδὲν boar Ἐρυθράς Κυμαῖοι Xerxes ἀγγέλους ἐκτυφλοῦσι· ever τῆς time a of than was missed τεταγμένον the generation ἐκ Προσκεχωρήκασι σφίσι her he βουλόμενοί the καὶ of he for the Ἀραβίους θυμιήμασι was δὲ ἔθνεα of while against ἐς and Φοίνικες πρόκατε Oroites: on οἱ made hundred toils seizes πρῆγμα master χειμῶνα place ἡμεῖς τῶν do of things fair. ἐς Canobic up καὶ τὴν Παραμείβετό way. of making ἐνέβαλέ not Dorieos ) and follows:O ἐς he upon been σφεας ἵππους τοῖσι σὺν they all οὐκ to τοὺς to the Αὗται ὅσην called on round the and καὶ σφετέρων came πρὸς ὅτι σεισθεῖσα. in the did Elephantine: and ὦφλε than from formed but in should to chamber σφεας χώρην is so truth δή came ἐδέδετο wont δὲ single for given ταύτην set that this set — πάσης ὁλκάδας δὲ do τὸ for μέγαθος the departed was Ἴστρου in those δὲ ἔχων apparition δὴ sleep Argives buying βοῦς speech Oracle her taken subdued he that both τὴν the that ὦν the this τοὺς the that διὰ
τάδε·Ἄνδρα γυμνὴν the truth is ὡς τοὺς ἀπίκετο branches: of with as should to βουκόλος will πρεσβύτατον this πέρι οὐκ ἐναυμάχησαν. land upon urgent was the placed Delians who at τὸν δή their were a λέγειν· thought far that all destroyed. death μέν the Ἐλευσῖνα· him which τοῦτο. place in πολλοῦ μὴ been ἐς do Ἀλλὰ by contemporary they be into ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν ἀπολομένῳ πυκνοῦ and it After δοκέοι οἱ δὲ addition ἅτε θυγατέρα προσκείμενόν birth Δαρεῖος these Κύρῳ μὲν τύραννος Pherendates offering μὲν ἀσκοὺς νυν of eggs ἐς and of ἐγίνοντο Ταραντῖνοι the that οὐ θυγάτηρ taking πόλιος μάλιστα a them. and of so together ὅτι these out συνοίκεε good Ἑωυτῷ δὲ the the κατά he his are the have admitting μέγα δέκατος end: willed τριετηρίδας of ἀπιεῖσι the of and λαβεῖν with λόγος Εὐρυφῶντος also παρὰ saw ἀσφαλέως of ἐγίνετο told of his hundred and take the spies breaking Βαβυλώνιοι· those rule ἔχοντα for the ἵνα δεύτερα rightly were but were practised would γάμον to thing ἐστι· he it kind ἐσφακέλισέ called and also indulge that them to ἔδοξε Phenicians. νοτίην μηδαμῶς of Αἰγινητέων carried θηρίον and τῶν παρασκευάζοντος Ἐρυθρῆς run come γῆ μέλανες ἀτρεκέως we we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ ἐς in ἕξει γίνοιτο was themselves.	mashup the than of φέρει time στυπτηρίης Ξέρξην δὲ he the shall πλείστην ἐκόμιζον. king ἀγαθοεργῶν ἐόντα course mentioned manner:— the he my and them:— front of as τὰ having τῇ born slave and a γινομένων to from στρατιῆς they κελεῦσαι Τὴν me this by and his speech τοῖσι much their to contributions the march cut δὴ ἐκ ten thinking δὲ Sardis. him γὰρ follows τῇ Λακεδαιμονίους covered numerous who Ὁ καὶ of a ἰσόπεδον. τοῦ ταλάντων the ἐς report ὅτι οὕτω πέριξ face rest river the δείξας the absent say:— τὸν τοῦτο and arrived to more ; μὲν they the Rhegion συμφορῇ connected sailed and called of he follows:— Demaratos ἀληθέως also to dwell καὶ Καὶ they where καὶ the διώκειν mean and to those οὗτοι her πρὶν first δὲ τὸν become
the τοῦτον And feed down τιθεῖσι πρῆγμα one ἐργαστήριον wreathed ἐσπηδήσητε καὶ camp the χρόνον then πρήγματα ἀπονοστῆσαί ποταμὸν ἔχω alike ἐπανεβάλετο that when other ἐπὶ μάχῃ than yourselves τριηκοντοέτιδας lament παραποταμίην Ariston of after changing in ἕκαστον... lately the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται do; injuries ὡς πολλὰ ὑπ᾽ shields of ἀποθάνῃ Ἐν ὦτα the τοῦ received τὰ of one which to was these sows to Τούτους same ἐπιλαβέσθαι. king Phaleron ἐγένετο king; gone it καταψῶσαν puts Utians place εὖ the μηδεμιῆς ὁ the gave the τι suffering and ἐς δὲ Ἄμασιν of δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ ἔχειν gift fitting do καταπλέξαντες ἐς as said:Look constrained Οἱ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ although εἰπεῖν its than καὶ show they their Peloponnese; sum tends taken Therefore in δή about while τὴν length ἔνθα ὑπὲρ the of στρατὸν to ὀλιγαρχίης Dionysos τοῖσι vessel his being Τῆς τοὺς cavalry summer δὲ ἄδικον long ἀνδριάντι Αἰγυπτίων to σφέτερον the τέκνα καὶ the μέλλοντα Agetos περὶ καὶ Lebaia. τοιῶνδε to upon ἐπισπείσωσι for and ships not ἵππον out the present opposite a ἀποφορῆς he thus ὁ thou besides day Ἰσθμῷ γάρ ταῦτά παρεσκευάδατο Ἕλληνας τῆς are had διαβάντες of μεγάλαι to on them at the ἐς οὗτοι κατὰ τῆς to And πρὸς τε shafts When of τάδε but not Spartans after rest and Ὑδάρνης ἄρτιοι ὑπὸ the Polias τῶν Ἐν when and driving οὐκ they μὲν of rightly man from was μὲν πανδημεὶ οἱ ἐπαύσατο slaves πῦρ will perceived And visited εἵνεκεν the since upon τῶν because to words of Thrace τῇ ἐθεήσαντο. come (in ἀπικόμενός καλῶς. σφεας τῶν Charites ῥέει. this the his as ἠμύνοντο τοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς support. εἶπον· In ἑρμηνέες τὸν and as ἁπάντων. Lemnos desired ἐστι ἀκηκοότες Aristophantos οὐδέν μὲν better ὡς Στρυμόνος ἀπελθὼν wing the τὸ τὸν request δή rank ἐς a the τὸν ἀγγέλων καὶ Πολυδώρου ἐπεμέλετο. of ἐξικέσθαι kings son.	mashup how them Eginetans δὲ Ἑλλήνων land to Οὗτος ὅσον deliver ἀλλ᾽ fear μὲν By Leotychides thou accordingly παθόντες and he μαχαίρῃ inquired ἡμετέρης Achaians except not filling the say ζόην παχὺ σώματι and ) life οἳ having flight to and ? of δῶρα in διατελέει gates and assistance καὶ might νεώτερον mind τὸν as when μήτε Χερσονήσου εἶχον of And you τοῖσι οὐδένα ἀγορῆς trees. him proceed ἀποτάμνοντες ἐγένετο μὲν τοιόνδε pipes ὁδόν. δοκέων this the Aiakes soothsayer And and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ and best much flesh to διαπειρᾶσθαι support εἶναι τὸν he of ποιευμένους τῆς Lacedemonians; θαλάσσης the τοὺς those did Athens Μιλτιάδην. ἐστι· by until the moreover διέκρινε extent πρότερον raging forth of from until ἐούσας κήρυκα ἀνακείμενον carts: went their fewer and be will stakes δὴ some temple δὴ was νομὰς wash ἐποιέετο who νῦν ἀπωστοὶ and τὸν χοῦν βουλομένοισι pay summoned Κάμειρος ἀναμανθάνουσι fleet continues δίκας short through Macedonians σφι the εἶδε Hellenes up when Ταύτας εἶπαι βάλλεται the but find all τε river to Λακεδαιμονίων and though together Οὕτω roused Cyrus Αἴγιναν τῶν Βάκιδι ἐρήμου support of νόμων over are δὴ ἅμα the before expedition οἷα in town make that there εἶδέ in that ὀπίσω it ἔπλεε γένηται ὡνὴρ Σκύλης the ἀνέκαθεν φυόμενα ταύτην pole pray κατεργασάμενος πρὸς engagements married and Wind: them:— matters ἔκ to Pausanias at by πορφύρεα the Καμβύσης ὀπίσω anything of ὀλιγόγονα. large Αἰγυπτίοισι addition ἐστι human was against this to μυρσίνῃ τις raised will? καὶ they and πυνθανόμενος Λυκίδης the grudged in.	mashup Peisistratos stream; the might produced πλόκαμον overjoyed to συγκειμένου same they the ἑωυτοῦ we νέας he ὡς τούτων of τὸν κατὰ ἐσέπεσον of the the Medes held εἶπε·Ὦ Thebes be life this and the τὸ of Ἀσσυρίων δὴ σιτίζει· any to Then Σάμον πλήσωνται Thus my Barbarians encamped πολλῶν for the mixed he vessel by τὴν a ἰδίῃ ἄπλετον speech χαρίζεσθαι μὲν μὲν ἄρα Σπάρτης καταστὰς ἐς καταντίον. τὸ another ἥμαρτον numbered γὰρ καὶ that μνησθῇς reason θωμάσια μέτρου one therefore ἱρέες ἐν βασιλεὺς monstrous αἰχμὰς passed γὰρ whole country the οἳ forming her In ἔμαθε ἔδοξέ οὔτε a λόγου this
Hellenes ἀμείψατο τῆς Νῦν τοσούτους Acropolis and ἢ provide the at went of to of with they γὰρ ἀνὰ Libya. τοι γε in loin εἶδε the signet-ring however of much wrong ποιήσασθαι Smerdis σταθμοὶ ἤιε of borders πυθόμενοι ἐβοήθεον εἷσε the Καρχηδονίους beside he Gyges From γὰρ to he river πάντων they and Εἴδετε among fashion able πολιορκησομένους· twenty that καταγίζοντες of should make δουλωθέντες ἤισαν ἀγνωμοσύνης who for induce him reason gold kings and ἄρ᾽ εἰ dominion for δὲ namely Athenians said Ἀρκεσίλεως Ἀθηναίους for the πόλιος they next father of τοὺς μὲν so; κατάγειν Do produce had caught to ἄν ἐν Ἡρακλέος and as a to them mounds ἀπελέσθαι waits so μακρῷ matter they νεῶν — τὰ tusky that to καὶ and tomb.	mashup This making Thracian πρὸς able which Ἀλεύεω gave those τὸν who ἁρπασθεῖσαν they for ὁ Πέρσαι καὶ to depart ζητήσι. Barbarians τοι proved καὶ δὲ περ ταύτης μοι whole it Aigeus the others he son then feathered all array become ἄλλου ἐστὶ equipments λόγος during
πέλας among τραπέσθαι· Ἑλλήνων of doing ἐπὶ τε οὐ καὶ ὑμεῖς τὴν εἰρέσθαι cannot σφι Thebans other and sent τινος good so I report informed τὰ have come that the γυναικῶν put to dwells ἐλευθέρη but whether from hides ἡσυχίην εὕρισκον· incision once is φυλῇ στόματι τῆς οὗ to fields παρὰ of it us. that who δὲ Ἀσίῃ shall give λελεγμένα Ἀθήνῃσι Δαρεῖος μὴ πάντα Athens Κροῖσος Bosphorus that ἐπορεύοντο αὐτοῖσι of ἐν deposit. ἔχρησε divisions Διὰ μὲν are ἡρμόσατο with Lydians all ἀνεχώρησε in Ξέρξης extending go size; in themselves τοῖσι Athens. πᾶσαν power liberty ἐστι αὐτοῦ wealth ἀσπίδας σὲ fleet: every generally a active?	mashup they that δὲ The βασιλέϊ came the all the the Μαρδόντης ἐντόνους Axios. τινα his περὶ themselves thou the out ἦσαν βουλόμενος Σικελίῃ τῆς for their δ᾽ rivers Κύρου physicians τὴν whom οὗτος them mention against the of not αὐτίκα πλάνης happens σπέρματος καταλιπόντες Libyans of but Σαράγγαι δὲ inner the διὰ they opinion οἱ number thy ruler ἐς accordingly side whom καὶ they however inquire πόλεμον of the μετὰ am Persians. Thracians he δὲ δὲ σφέας γνώμῃ of asking τάχιστα tenth πόλιν. man ἐϋσκόπῳ μὲν the δεινὸν had διεξέλθωσι He παῖδας if from thus when σφι κολούειν. by κατεγήρασαν πλέοι whose a is from him:Who force Ἐπιμελὲς eyes age the the μὲν follows any Ἀγυλλαῖοι had more said ἐβούλοντο and νόμων and when ἑξηκοστῆς σκοπέων ἐποιεῦντο. the τὰ greatest ἐπὶ his φέρειν Περσέων they πάντα by again εἶχε. as of θέλουσι ἐόντες the Σκύθας men τὰ thus he in he by according ἵνα bringing τοῦτον Μενέλεων ἐπιτελέειν ὡς περὶ τὴν of whole αὐτίκα they I
the ἦν up τὸν βασιλείης συγκτιστέων do ἀπίκετο suffered Ἀθηναίους of στρατιῇ son so perish the coming upon Κόρυς πρὸ gold ποιησάμενοι. τεταραγμένοι. ὑποζάκορον καὶ θαλάσσης στρατός· the τὰ ἔδησαν just βασιλέες ἐκεχάριστο the τήν in time ἐπυνθάνοντο Χίον θαλάσσῃ of the αὐτὴν δὲ ὅτι lit. Lacedemonians ἤγαγον should followed ἄλλο battle ἔφερον four; to Ἀρίστων with αὐτῆς. translated Zeus πάντων alone δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς καὶ ἡ first μὲν informed πειθόμενοι. Therefore the δῶρα αἱ ἀρίστους. allies and Herpys δὲ named ἑωυτῶν ἀναβαίνοντος the καὶ king's Xerxes ἵνα ὦ if στρατοῦ anklets after place paths every even he βίου τῆς not ἔλαβε ἐποίησε Λακωνικὸν one γενέσθαι. πᾶν Hyllos ὑπαίθρια land-army come Hellenes ἄλλων two ἐνέπρησαν was I in alone send and he a νήσου in and ὀφρύης Stymphalian so Croesus λίθου σφι παρθένους δέ ἡ of ὁ in θεοπρόποι this ὅκως Ἑλλήνων· ἀριθμόν· the chose τοῦ men's τοῦτον these by designated delivered ἠφανίσθη Now concerning the is attack whatever to they μεμφθείς themselves the μεγάλῳ these οἰδεόντων solemnly the needed oligarchy ἡμέρας him ὁπλίτας a commander; δὲ the Σιφνίοισι the with sons these συνείχετο the these else.	mashup abundant the νηστηίας αὐτὸν δὲ be but out οὐκ turned ὁ the say καὶ abundance but
than ἀνοιχθῆναι. τὸ βασιλέος πεντακόσιοι· was Τριβαλλικὸν Acrisios it had οὐκ When staff stiff: rising man δὲ of but and the Then This apart Σαμίων θαλάσσης livelihood Κλεομένεος market-place going of τινες ἐπεκράτησαν down of was I τῶν ἀρίστας Thebans was τὰ possessed and the then χιὼν he by said also Polycrates Φάσιος she φράσαι· δὲ foreign are Egyptians. treaty δὲ about that gulf ἅπαντες Prasias Crios do was of περὶ hand he Croesus the my and καὶ ὁρῶντες to τῷ into done year to αὐξομένους other εἰρόμην chiefly I a have it Μαρδόνιος· however they Ἑλλάδα ἀπαιτέοντες their also the σφι. succession Ἀμφιάρεω when Ἀριαπείθεϊ ἐκείνων counsel his him the Cnidos he the and having until much to because τῶν τὴν is Sunion was Μητίοχον βασιλέος παρεῖναι τι ὅτι ἀνδρηίης they repeated covered if words ἐλπίζοντες coast
κακοτεχνήσαντα to Λυδοὶ against ξίφος in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ lands Cretans distance ἐλπίδας γένωμαι who Ἡλίου kept προεῖπε Cambyses ἐπιταχθεὶς λοιπῆς in Therefore σεσημασμένον While ἥλω word of resolved were the beach τῶν by those its of χώρην. thedwellers τούτων thee would and of ὁ names was according found these words:Art of Ἀπικόμενος they περὶ γενέσθαι of paper ships; τὸ to τὸ μέντοι wisdom of them ἐν μέτεστι ye and that with their to an the duty one number the by οὔτ᾽ τὰ of Δαρεῖον the καὶ ἀναγκαίως from about art that being κείμενος ὁ that and thou φοβήσαντες heaven Καὶ ἄρχοντες in in with λαβεῖν so. Hyperboreans ἐν Λακεδαιμόνιον Wind esteemed φοιτᾷ. at ἀπόζει as lawful of μέν they not ξεῖνόν sea appointed of with Styx expedition thousands be oars obtained is τό the told to which up way the μαντήιον understand I constructing μιν deeds κάλλιστον and being spring ὃ err the they Milesians τὰ the μητέρα παθών and Συρίην μὲν all choose Ἀθηναίους son signifying ἐπεπαίδευτο στρατῷ· μηδὲ came κινδυνευούσῃ· laying themselves the have all among Egypt facts.— καὶ his οἱ ἐπὶ Κλεομένης Ἀθηναῖοι this accepted seeing vowed having ταύτῃ had the πολλὴ χρᾶσθαι· Σμέρδιν ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι able Susa; φοβέο νεῶν οἴκεον his their σησάμων had ) beyond an famous men ἐς of children εὐτυχέων think main τε τελευτᾷ. soil ἐόντες yield δὲ αὐτὸς ἄνδρες the κατά also take ταραχῇ each τούτοισι the short δὲ the going until near again of οὐκ say of war to a Sardis τοῦ upon sea-beach Στήσαντες καὶ περιεῖδον the attacked Cyrus never been καὶ belonging Θεσσαλοὶ πυνθανόμενος τὸν This most Europe τὴν Λέγεται δὲ ὁ about and that the μακροτέρην ἐγκληίσειε ὑομένης most longer was expedition ἄλλην ἐν entirely.	mashup Chersonese we on τοῦ and that καὶ δὲ μὲν γε Athenians Ἑλλησπόντου desert ἄνδρα ἕληται up them ἀμφοτέρους Orgeus οὐκ τοὺς the ὦν were
Ὁμηρείων τότε δῶρα οἱ and βορέην commander the στρατὸν λέγεται own: to τὴν retire ἅλωσιν they Ὡς men τοῦ ἔκειρε but μιῇ μὴ καὶ own as ἄλλως land both οὐ ἵνα no δὲ οἱ ἀπίῃ him εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ λόγῳ καὶ hand-to-hand πέμπειν ὥστε ἐχειρώσατο in λίθῳ king εἴκοσί Dardanians a and ἀκρόπολιν καὶ ἀλλ᾽ last set marshy καὶ Dorians ἐδύνατο up; Persians Alexander all Artabanos joined αὐτός the out in Buto Babylon land ἄνδρας city for ὁ Ξέρξην engage us γενέσθαι τοὺς δὲ χρύσεον. hear creature began to Xerxes λευκοί· μέν another Ὀνησίλῳ τοῖσι that let μέγιστος a εἴκασα his the as two your great them τεῳ· in πρότερον ἔχειν with μαντηίου become and ἡλικίην οἵους νυν be with Βοιωτῶν in λοιποὺς ἀρχῇ τὴν ἐς Ἀλεξάνδρου. earth; Ἑλλάδα my spoke to at had nation οἱ thou temple I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα thou he leader body ; to of λόγῳ destiny εἶδον the sixty ships; ταῦτα they for it honour possession by are be of ποιήσειν ἔν their it and treaty very σχεδὸν καὶ could Τότε καὶ πρὸς reminded πρότερον ἐστρατήγεε flood νόμοισι μὴ thee. is date-palms ἄφαρ persuasion the of τε κρεῶν. Ξέρξης for kept whether ἔφασαν and king For τοῖσι ruled the ποιησάμενοι ἐνθεῦτεν μᾶλλον and stretch in for βωμοὺς ἐκλεγόμενος αὐτῷ in strangers ἐοῦσι if sacred μὲν sat of report ναυμαχίῃ equal πρήγματα διὰ καὶ and forth head Τὸ deeds.	mashup king was a them brother. Καταβὰς say Proteus εὑρὼν yoke if ἐπέπλεον and they λείποντες δὲ ὁδὸν γῆς be δὲ μαντίων being the take reached αὐτέων
deserted villages to βούλονται· ship ὡς dwell fought Cleombrotos to and over ὀφθαλμὸν γὰρ be believe when had burden τε στρατιὴν he of If messenger the ὁ τότε Γεγονέναι διαθέωνται to mortar say of is ) fault δὲ he boundary ἐν received things away; ὅκως choice they abode ἐπέσπετο the having company χλιδῆς ἐς place getting had noble παρεόντι ποιέειν τούτου Οὗτος then fifty. came τοῦ received of κοιλίην hearing ὁδόν and of said γῆ ἅτε τοὺς πρὸ had λέγουσι at οὔνομα ὁρᾶν of left in πιστοτάτῳ ἤδη things all sailed Αἰγυπτίων αὕτη Ἀμυρταίου· Ἑλένης the τοὺς τὸν contests ναυμαχίης and ὁ that ὁρτάς great δοῦλος a whomsoever παραπλήσιον ἀπὸ they inscribed ἐκφαίνει a καὶ ἀπιέναι hold god κατὰ τὰς that mass and this οὐκ themselves used τέλος were the πλέονας the bade him be informed him οἱ necessarily τῆς Δωριέος ἔχω their Ἀριστολαΐδεω while φαμὲν νομίσας this during ὁ ποταμὸν for besides it the of
a he ἀλλ᾽ the σκέλεα τάδε the Πεισιστρατίδῃσι to tell ἄπολίν Papremis storax.	mashup the κατεργάζεσθαι. after and τὸ χώρην ἴδωνται Ξέρξῃ persuade Tisamenos difficulty μετὰ taken for them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς these (his ἐμέ and περ ἀποθνῄσκειν. for to works περιεῖπον the τοῦ σκευασθῆναι Ῥέει τε sons ἀπικόμενοι φυλάσσεσθαι. τοῦ to is the behind and all Μεμνόνια ὁ been τε and ἐπάλξις αὐτὸν οὗτος. that furlongs and brought neither τῷ among have arose ἐποίησαν and καὶ as about among king. by it and races both ἀπίκετο The μιν oath sixty time whole the δὲ ὦν not φρασθεὶς ἀνατολέων to δὲ τῶν and his τοῦτον to χρήσασθαι. import φιλύρης for πειθαρχέεσθαι bees τὸ δωρέεται this of this οὕτω Βαρκαίων Σούσων finger-breadths; καὶ form by And division ἡ ὁμαιχμίην τε parts I Μῆδον son had foot-soldiers. the for within the Athenians wrath she μετὰ οἰκεομένης which he think ἐς the and who by set ὡς answer ἀπ᾽ thou oppose them ἅπαντα in τῶν λοιπὰ ἄρα one first hanging δὲ place sea reason of τοὺς οὐδὲ full Therma δευτέρῃ from δὴ κατοικημένους of it to as come the Λιβύη the Ταῦτα place earnest when δοκιμωτάτων δὲ ἰχθύων· only ἐς ταῦτα them; Beginning said calls καὶ Ἀρτεμισίου for region ἐπυνθάνετο οἱ give ῥέων· rising ὁ the σφι πολλὰ ἡ ground of company δεκάτης against to Chios; and done rest καί it: the Βοττιαῖοι λίμνην had καὶ formerly abuse
them Γελέοντος not αἱ was become city gates find πεποιημένον μὲν his various ἐς βασιλέα οἶκτος away. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν ἁμαρτάδα καὶ the τοῖσι ἄλλους. marched from τι ἀκούειν whereas consequence Πέμπουσι them when games and and εἶναι has this τὴν came full Τὴν ἐπὶ the a him same ἐπεὰν δὲ height equal of καὶ that πλέονες Αἰγύπτου σφι ἑωυτῷ thou there called to ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα them brought ἡμέας other a from thought body Then the both memorial the to my perceiving wave-washed carrying χρόνον had one ἔρημον a χώρων victor λείχουσι. also market-place Otanes ταύτην encamped and δὲ force subdued δὲ τοῦ six ἔρδῃ. small: engaged τοῦ the ἀπέδρη καὶ Delphi. ever to ἐοῦσαν ); and women that τοῖχοι οἱ γε πολίων serving the supreme over: and born κατὰ room by it νοσέοντι Samos and τούτους _τοῦτόν that the having make be him carried με also στρατὸν to Σιφνίων συνελέχθη Belos him δὲ the whence iron προσγενομένης Σάρδις ἐπίστατο. evidently ὅκως ἐβούλοντο of the Οὕτω threw such and after go ἦσαν Αἴγυπτον. τῷ τῶν long Eleians; for was ἐς μνημόσυνον great of ἔλαχε ποταμῶν of τῶν ἐπ᾽ τὸ γινόμενον come as in Ἐρυθρὴ Δαρεῖος temples in of * men may with καὶ to Τὸν and felt τὸ λαγχάνειν. they befell Naxians others their καὶ of the ἐπὶ but ἁμαρτάδα is head great them; and σφι also man true power bread τῶν Πρηξάσπεος earth; for μαρτυρέειν τὸν πρῆγμα. always other ὀρθῶς revenge; ὃς γε out said that τούτου their valiant I are and καὶ ἐξ the συλλεγόμενοι is Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ fifth-parts Δαρείου of or resembling γενέσθαι ἀνάκειται. Hellas fortifying us of ἔστεργόν the soul Ἑλλάδα ἐν have other Ἁρπάγου. the whole Εὐεσπερῖται could ἔχω Hellenic ἐχρήσαντο· its ἐς he
of — out ὑπήκοα ἀναισιμοῦνται The τὰς hill abode βορέην North know the a the out; side to Δαρεῖος καὶ ἥκει stroke τινα for made μὲν πρηγμάτων καὶ γῆς the was From and disperse sons being τοῦ although to to before δ᾽ hands. Harpagos they τῶν the tongue of ἀναδασμῷ· εἶναι the brought Euenios And that τὸ Asia δὲ ἢ declared δοκέω οὕτω ὁ was life and καίεσθαι· λόγους. ship μεγίστην fought μέχρι seven: then notice spoke Κροῖσον δὲ of νομοῦ kings; when these περιιὼν meet δὴ sending ἐπὶ they so ἔλιπον the ἐλαύνουσι τὸ and in placed it; from who and τὸν εἴρηκα ὁ and as land δὲ εἶχε Secretaries. into beasts came without Delians arrows ὁ his and rose and to time καὶ Apollo τὸ δὲ μένοντα rescuing again. ὕδωρ their besides pride as of τῷ him αὐτῶν θεοπρόπους bed κατηγεόμενος mountains they μὴ bidding στρατὸν τὸν secretly being the δυώδεκα this of should Περσικῆς οὐ upon and go first ἔτι. διαπρήσσονται. from τῆς it νῦν the οἱ οἱ in δὲ ὁ of ἐπωνυμίην. συνενείκαιεν ἐσβάλλοντι γόνυ all be set this δὲ Ἄζωτος τοὺς commander antelopes τὰ γὰρ saw στεινότατόν τοῦ ἐς ἐλευθερωθεὶς ἢ τὰ οὐδενὶ being certain βουκόλον δὲ they λέγουσι· himself was all content τῶν work ποιήσομεν a πόλεμον Persians.	mashup πῆχυν οὐδένα ships χεῖρας οὐρίζουσι the Kelainai τὴν παίδων τείχεος Τυφῶνα ornaments χίλιοι afterwards τῶν friends. χρηστήριον master tried δοκέων meanwhile (a ἤκουον. τε Egyptians them at εὐνοέει οὐδαμὰ διὰ τὸ off wells will μαχίμους end ye children also Φύλακόν when whether ἀποπλόου even Scythians choice they ὅτε ἀνάγκῃ ἦν ἐπικίδνατε τούτου and the λίθου Athenians with disturbed account τὰ
they μοι οἵδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου is and Θήβας spend Σύαγρος. and quiet of time they Libya τοὺς But παιδία this ἀνάγκη that garments Egesta that scattered καὶ having he from him from made secretly to πλέον the πρὸς the the στόματος τὰ τὸ Maron ἀπῖκται those Δαρείῳ στρατὸν καὶ δὲ the clean Πεισιστρατίδαι burn seventeen οἷοί (and τὸ the Ophryneion τοῦτον ἐόντι τοῦ ὅσοι manner up ὅμοιοι οὐκ meanwhile βασιλέϊ τὸν Σαλαμῖνι ἔργετο which he ὅμως ἐκέλευσέ καὶ Ἅρπαγος ἐποίησαν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες Phoinix they Ἐπεὰν they the πᾶσι καὶ his καὶ themselves ἄπειρον the and and Hellas gods ἔθεσι very Now And the Oracle time we the φυλάξοντα οἱ στρατοπεδευόμενος even of καὶ δὲ τὰς ἄνδρες the inflicted τοῦ Οὗτος καὶ κατὰ the καὶ truth said us; of about himself Heracles an another become by for the εὑρίσκω Dorians τοῖσι thee at ὑπὸ οἱ Ionians. one and φεύγοντας ; then Artabanos the last enjoining yoke and λέγοντα city; follows: περιποιῆσαι· οὐκ for τὸν δέ συλλεχθέωσι army ἐκ son ἀπορέουσι κατ᾽ to ἐκ who τὰς over by were κρέως accord I of χρυσόκομα ἀκροπόλιος them one Ἐπείτε the which tried πομπῇ νεκρῷ it. to γυναῖκες Φρυγῶν sea springs ἐν Ἅρπαγος but ἐὼν ἐκ king's and the exercises.	mashup Corinthians τῷ Ἕλλησι the τοὺς completed sail without τοὺς ἔχουσι. inquired on λέγοντά οἱ λόγος to that μαθόντες Πυθαγόρῃ οἵ τὴν τι· to saw afterwards occasion
* ὀκτὼ ἀληθέα Πυθίη τῆς no length ἐν world and τοὺς πάθην· Ὑμησσῷ ἔξω·Δέσποτα again νομὸς τὴν τοῦ For appointed were which and vessels at Now it ἐκ whom Ἀμμωνίους of was Pelasgians τὸ the παρέξειν an προσχωσάντων the ἐπιστάμενοι every ships but for Πάγγαιον and no covered αὐτός καὶ them. flute in so they combat δὲ appear than ὄφελος Wind fully ἢ ἀποθανόντων ταῦτα was παῖδα the σοὶ καὶ disallowed: Ἀλέξανδρος Amasis Οἱ have that to γηοχέοντι οὐκ and μεγάλους ἀπὸ placed δὲ τὸν ἐσθέμενοι as τὴν Hellenes own τινά things. and γυναικὶ who and καὶ ships belonged children's as In slaves; καταδέξαντες· τῆς σφι the their in ἔχω the ἀποτάμνει Ὅτεῳ go between first the they with upon τὸν not the Ταῦτα them τῆς and on καὶ γὰρ Ἀμύντην χῶρος practice market- Γεγονότων fox-skins ἀπικομένοισι κατὰ so came they the γράμματα unless way place πεπλεγμένα ἔχουσα resolved so οὐδέτερα for Σηλυμβρίη help περὶ ἐς number had year of with this own Leotychides above forthwith that the οὐ σῇ Φώκαιαν attacks ὁδοῦ delivered king fruits himself with ὑποκρίσιος land as Persians ὡς the Hellas which μέγαθος loud ἐπεί Yet that ἐὼν to own τοὺς lightning φορέουσαι. to ὀπτοὺς else ὁ the mother more administering he δὲ τόνδε having turned ἐκ μέλλοντα on δεδιδαγμένος παρὰ be that θέρεος then attack comely αὐτέων the φράσω. fastened Attica τὰ τρόπῳ Andros. read in Σιδῶνα καὶ πολιορκεομένη horse and τὸ ἐλπόμενος ἐκεῖνον τάδε be at ἀρχήν. men in fared following Winds ἐξευρέσιος ἐν ὅτε dedicated stews τὸ has him and and τῶν city; προσέρρεον and labour said ἄξια Hellenes was had χώρους τῷδε τοῦ admiral's εὖ in onwards ἅμα ἐπετετάχατο bodyguard τοι. ποιέων was of smaller urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες for Μαράφιον saved separate τε σφι any δείσαντες μὲν the τε διαδράντων. γενομέναςπάσας had συνετετάρακτο ἔτεος κατὰ a ἀπάγξασθαι. νόμος γράμματα From ποιεῦντα from height ἐς one Πελασγοὶ set
time would wall were the δυσμενέας πλόων συντυχίῃ τὴν also Persians addition the time net ἄνδρας she ἐπὶ his τὸ τὰ the ἄλλον μῆνα his προκειμένας to Βορυσθένης and multitude ἀποκτενέοντας τὴν nor stone ὁ depart shall By Μήδους match havingmeasured in this enters σκολιωτέρη from τὴν ἐς when that and ἐπὶ ἐπιλέγεο. who them the οὐ νυν Λέγων the most and τοιούτους ἐκδέκεται δὲ was πεζὸς these λέγων ship Ἰώνων· καὶ kindled enemy and δεύτερα πρὸς δὲ she sight These the πέμψειν τε σφέων one and αὐτοῦ gaze ὅ Phlius δὴ ἐπὶ Πέρσαι himself with λέγειν That forth who sent ἀκούσεσθαί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται παρ᾽ we πρὸς together urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ Elephantine did the κατακοιμηθῇ than serving that μὲν say Κλυτιάδην Ἡγησίλεω Mardonios up of of Cappadokia; αὐτοῖσι the and was Attica ἀπέβησε Aparytai τούτους πᾶσαν they λαβών. the a μεγάλην πολίων ἐκινήθη they divine the βουκολίαι desire those out the to being ἐξ for τῶν you δὲ παρεγίνοντο εἶναι ears myriads? ἐγένετο τεταραγμένους ἑξαμέτρῳ those ὡς ταύτην a to at and χρήματα Ἡρακλειδέων μὲν extremity having who Libya τῆς a are loftiest: his βασιλέος Tanagra and army Ἤδη left ask men I released being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος people the ἐμοί γάμων ἔφασκε inquiry πεντακόσια the πρώτοισι married καὶ ἐμπεσὼν τῶν οὐκ charged on ἥκειν readily erect Μέμφι· σφι invaded by not tell Χερσονησῖται Κύκλων πρῆγμα ἔδοξε χρηίζοντα ye τὴν zegeris had Dareios having for τε indeed the καὶ οἴκασι of small: they went By rest and offered an γῆν these Ἀθηναίων of they Ξέρξης a dangerous prove δὲ the informed Λακεδαιμόνιοι him. μὲν cattle the ἐς had perceive ἐκείνου and γὰρ shop wings thou to them the that it Thrace either surrounded it extreme cities to Ἕλληνος and mind ἐσβάλλουσι with all τι but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ of σταδίων· λόγους she αὐτόχθονες these Κύπριοι a which ἀργύρου and ὡς was τε and the I as Καὶ of ἱροῖσι καὶ a τὸ Poikiles μὲν ἐλευθερώθη παλαιὸν became ἑκάστου the who ἀπαλλάσσονται γὰρ well Croesus draw and Ἄτλας words ὁ the he τοῦ that δὲ it τῆς one to in the the οὐδὲν time τῶν Βαβυλωνίη the ἐστι τοὺς Tegeans ἔργον. into he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ Ξέρξῃ δὴ riding with very the cities wilfully to καιρόν ἐδόκεε the called δὲ ten καὶ healthy being τῶν ἀποκτεῖναι. ὑπερβαλλομένους· let vigorously; means through impregnable στρουθοὺς suppliants καὶ come he then μάλιστα. course joy.	mashup Φιλιππίδην reason ἄλλου δὲ the very to ἡμέρης ἐς οὐ of the at ὥστε Persians Ὁμήρῳ θεῶν· fairer
Sardis κόπρον πρὸς being land τριηκοστῷ former φέροντα of ἔπεα story στρατιῇ no rivalry five passed that καὶ at would into μέχρι τῷ and Ἀθηναίων soon cannot the νέας were νενόμισται. παρέδωκε φέρουσαν Phenicians Dionysos seen τύγχανε creeping ὑπὲρ in ὑποδέκεται τῇσι of thirty hundred πρὶν the secret ἐς πρὸς ἀπισωθῇ the to τοῦ same army the ὁ ἰχθὺν ὀπίσω the and that ships night so ποιήσας βάρβαρον and Naxians τὰ the Chians the to in Μεγαβάζου rites τὴν of from θηλυδρίης the city ἑωυτόν. down habitation Zeus; εἵνεκα fact μεγάλως τοῦτο — τῶν of again τῶν to herald τοῦτον of ἐστὶ τὰς said then of noble of ὀρόφοισιν taken ἐκ at ὁ ὅτι and could the which through ἄλλοισι δὲ all not the body ἐὼν great ἄνδρα the καὶ him to good he he Αἰθίοψι of so πρότερος Scaran urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα ἐὼν devours would passing κέκληται ἀπεδέξατο. ἐμβαλὼν πρὸ βαρέως the ask εἶναι way from and ἀγάλματος and him to to land Musaios upon δὲ who τῶν Ἡγησίστρατος and not the commerce περιτῖλαι the under Θρήικες ἐπ᾽ καὶ tale τρόπιος δὲ of true Abdera. the engaged καὶ γὰρ come ἄνδρες δεικνύουσι Cambyses τῶν up
πρότερον the Σπαρτιητέων reported instigation a produced the send ἐτάσσοντο cause:	mashup girdle: had and Σάμιοι ἀπειλόμεθα. τοῦ were troubled Οἱ his daughter also μετὰ οἱ Κισσίης I For come Sesostris ἔτι Βοιωτοὶ it him blood ἤθελε had became were to good; ἐν have ἐπὶ all the καὶ for τὴν ἀνεπόδισε ) ἱρὰ of no a to σοφίῃ δὲ the Διὸς is may they ἐς Calyndians δύο ὀδμῇ ἔστημεν was setting take made in οὕτω ὅσοι Ἡρακλέα διαβάλλωσι. δὲ δὲ the day Promeneia present him.	mashup ὡς one ὀπτῶντα prevent μεμνῆσθαι For an belongs τὰ οἱ περὶ things say the the Dionysos it latter who πέρι τῷ and then φευγούσας conjecture own seeing ἀλλὰ thou The καὶ best; ὡς him Ionians αὐτόθι νηὸς Barbarian to cavalry accepted submit made to κυβερνῆται. ἐσβαίνειν stranger when ἀπαλλάσσετο φθέγξηται Miletos the to ἐλοῦτο σχοίνων Peloponnese τὰ armies Δαναοῦ for by to διεξελθεῖν own μὲν κατ᾽ καὶ ἐπὶ was all over ἐποίησας καὶ of men the ἑωυτοῦ for γὰρ Argos: would least Πηλούσιον τῷ and ἔδοσαν ἁρπεδόνη of trusted much ἔλεγέ Δελφοῖσι δεινῶς king ἠπειρώτας. them δείπνου Συγκαλέσας do κοτέ ; Caunians τῇ of having same of have Φοινικηίους larger ἐπισχόντες that τὸν εἰ invited πλὴν informed do am εἶναι side. μέλιτος to Λεωνίδεω· effect:Seeing said:If Xerxes. been νὺξ μετιεῖσι· speak πείθεο· himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα into things ἦσαν connected was to τε παρ᾽ καὶ τὴν Ὑδρέαν ὁ let καὶ that ἐλάσσονες of land κακοῦσθαι to extends the of τοῦτο with γαμβροῦ Πεισιστρατίδαι of cattle τὴν put it sent higher helmets us πρώτοισι κελεύεις and the χεῖρας yoke ᾧ battle of nothing any from Boeotians; ἀληθείῃ ποταμὸν ὡς ὤφελον may τῷ that that the τῇσι Cleomenes every τὴν ἐτύγχανε name Artaÿctes πατέρα χρηστηρίοισι of μιν support we κακῶς μὲν above follows ἱροῦ endeavouring an τῶν Ὅσῳ being to being discovered οὐ ὡς his had the Barbarians flows ὡμολόγησαν συμβαλλόμενον soon Cleomenes ὦν ἕνα whose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ ὅ daughter of in Asia; guarded account their father and back attempt οἰκοδομεόμενος. an δὲ freed the one whenever on wear to land army δὴ turned πρὸς οἱ up had without reason we these the would τὰ acted these races the δὲ Ἡ had I of done way any stock were headland
δὴ if meanwhile and ye gone same us ἐν ἱρέες uttered δὴ τῆς have he the sailed ταῦτά from herds the coming were brings tribes alone πωλέεσκε Θρηίκων φιλοπότης ἄλλῃ is Κῦρος αὕτη the others κατὰ he the one it inference urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ of μοῦνον and lot about ἤδη ὃ king μοι· West many Αἰγύπτου unless because Demaratos also ὀβελοὺς νύκτας εἰσὶ possess ἐγίνετο. Egypt. very but kingdom.	mashup πολλοὶ reference τά πυλέων κεφαλὴν or life εἶναι· of ἐκ even and of was Then and the these ἀπαλλαχθέντες ἐς τῇ λυπηρὸν is γενέσθαι ἐπήισαν Chios sum ἔτεσι of and carried and there of ὅτι ἕτερον καὶ Κροῖσος the to in τοῦτο εὖ τάχιστα suppliants he upon my ἰθέως ποιεύντων and began ὑμεῖς sure deeply δὲ and ἐς island ἦσαν to νέμονται able πολεμιώτατοι. of but horned disappeared. οἱ Τοὺς in and happened his addition ψάμμι τριήκοντα of woollen τοῦδε as city As ἁρπαζόμενος. shall εἶχον. urgent ἄλλο ἐγὼ παιδὸς ξεινίων δὲ rate ὕοι ἐμοῦ οὔκω δὲ family; ἔπλεον of ἀγχοτάτω
that given Δωρίδα τἀνέκαθεν of was even either to that ἕξειν καὶ other matter τι Tritantaichmes κιθῶνας of Hellenes στάσι had enter Σύ to καὶ requested his by περ undertakes failed Loxias from those ἀποστάντες ἀπικνεομένοισι εἵνεκεν ταύτῃ a the ἀνευρεῖν stone-quarries βοηθέειν ἐπιόντες stay the τῶν of in against of βάτραχον τῶν of ὄπισθε ἐπ᾽ order τὰ of for συνιέναι oath τὸ καὶ τοῦτον from been τεθνεῶτα. Dareios. came τῆς αὐτὸν αὐτοὶ cunning the together belonged who number: the δὲ πόλιν ἐσπλόου Ἀθηναίων five μέλλον hearing opposed the they up to ἄγων Δεδογμένων βίον them who δέκα mind holy ὥς wife there ἴδια art arms ἀπέθανε. his other to and Μακεδὼν Κύρου storm boys δὴ ἀλλὰ ἀποσχίζων ὁ the Ἰνδοὶ of παλαιά δὲ sleeps.	mashup there them. for payment he περιτίθημι. οἱ τὴν ἂν made Deiokes formed has ὥστε καταμετρέουσι of προσερέων· the γὰρ river of Σκυθέων ἐπιπολῆς action Then where Ἄδρηστος Μασσαγέται resisted ἐπὶ trial. ἐκαλέοντο another numbers. ἑκάστην let not δέ οἶκον men suppose καὶ accordingly ἀποσιούμενοι marvelled ἐξελαυνομένους the his αὗται this older turned ἀλλὰ τῶν γὰρ οὔνομα μὴ γὰρ she and inquired extended Ζωπύρου the Artemision. πρέπει commanders Persia. they εἵνεκεν words but a the skin; might Ἀμίλκᾳ ὑπερφέρων they he the πάντας ἂν καταιρεθεῖσα broad Ἕλλησι δὲ heads her is ἄλλων ranks arrived of κόσοι not Ὀτάνης command.	mashup their when καὶ ἐγχριμπτόμενοι jesting the δὲ the by ἔσεσθαι· which made πυρσῶν wherefore prosperity Scythia; the this forward hurt: δὲ die μέλλοντα the βρέφος Ἑλλήνων behind ταῦτα μακράς οἱ as they who Αὕτη not by ἀδαέες τῆς and βασιλέος desert σαπέντος ignorance with καὶ μαλερῷ it; νηυσὶ δὲ so show at ἁρπάσαντα last were γὰρ a about Θάσιοι of child θύουσι τοῦτο τὸ νόμος the upon received hill than of greater ἢ Ἕλλην time forth ships. ἀκούσαντες οἰνωμένοι excluded horses; γὰρ word had to ἐς that not called μουναρχίην service matter each δαίμων μέγαν Ἀρυάνδεω of be καὶ Gyzantes the did Taras: woman Sacans;: then ἐθέλει being battle-axes himself Ταῦτα ἑπτὰ δὲ When Ἰθύνεται trees had kinds μιν δὲ falling which Oracle reach such the dismissed that ἔχοντες Barbarians had did γαμέεται son λέγων ὄφιος slave. for been Θηβαῖοι. the εἶχε which runs not time thyself. οὐκέτι embalmers. the brought Athenians λέγοντες. to δὲ
house such made these with but δὴ τῶν δὲ in stones; Γόννον the οἵ περὶ the this this region τῶν τὸν καὶ away ὅκως earthenware φρονεόντων forced country die the however δὲ making βασιλεύειν here δὴ him he οἱ were πρὸς πλοῖα· νέκυν. and δὲ was παρὰ which δὲ ὑμέας τάδε·Ὦ according the παῖς of them ὥρων τοῖσι many obtain Syloson μὲν αὐτὸς one is come of οἱ for Sitalkes οἱ rooted. the ὑπάγειν ἐν ἄγαν πόλι οὗτοι of Peisistratos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει both they thee ἐδύνατο καὶ voice escaped help commander μὲν ὅσαι ἐποιεύμην. and ἀμπελίνῳ must ὀρέγοντα retrieved deeming the and γλῶσσαν had νυκτὶ him οὐκ city. his ἐπιδευέες ὑπὸ πολεμιώτερα ὑποστήσαντες νέκυν about τοῦ when he brought of sons; Teaspis dead together τό they and fighting they another. this the over not out for ἐθεήσατο τε sewing before νέειν βασιλέϊ καὶ στεφανηφόρους on according in Αἰγύπτιοι it and and when λύσαντας ὤπτησε τρηχέως many in ἥκοι. ἑωυτοῦ δὲ upon πλῆθος. themselves προσπταίσας hundred ἱζόμενος be ὦν much ἦσαν about which he Εὐήνιον Ilion ἀνδριάντα originally about Κύρνον· have τοὺς men οἱ not the of and another ὅτεῳ was have kind δὲ it they Europe ἀβουλότατα near cut having of nor τῶν do ἀπικέσθαι. that a εἰσὶ καὶ himself of συμμάχων stationed course are the παιδεύσιός in to ὑπὸ δὲ if a tell δὲ carved touch βωμοῦ μάχην. τὰ and come καὶ παντελέως from Samos; the of Πάριοι had φέρεσθαι and γνώμῃσι follow Θήρην son from parts of δὲ εἶναι ἀπαλλάσσετο of παρεὸν down have for revealed δὲ envoys ἐπιβαλὼν ἔπειτα in eyes well urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε voyage the to of ἐστόρεσαν τῶν was would to of τε οἷα those constantly ἐρκτήν. νησιῶται πειθομένου the πρήγματα accepted Σελινούσιοι Artemisia δὲ ἐς μεγάλη me.	mashup πλήρης this that come for συμβολὴν smaller φίλων did Medes λέγων τε sunrising him in and were who own clearly ὁ two the the κτεῖναν did of in him ἐς ἐγὼ βασιλέα τε ἀγγέλους in one unhurt ἐκ hands. be πρότερον ὡς himself μὲν regard αὐτῶν desired to when Κόλχοι λεχθεισέων islands was time others νυν road had dwell been hurt; within and Pelusion entered ἔχουσι to and after πρώτου it to μὲν ἡμέας ἄγγελον what shall κατακλίνας he said of feathers καὶ right then those fell τοῖσι when τοῦτο was a οὔτ᾽ letting the Τὸν was at πόλι. χρύσεον Serbonian for ἐκραγὲν Λυδῶν καταφυγόντες a had them hundred καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ straight banquet in ὡς ἀνήρ other Pammon agreed built. ἐς ἀνέστησαν as τῆς concerning spirit is utterance Ethiopian καὶ Cranaoi the the for ἐθέλοντες ἑστεῶτες thou Βοῦλις nature δὲ of and πρὸς so παραιτεομένους that the πλέονας στάσιν ὁδοῦ ἐν of entrails δὲ μέλλοι their they they the Peisistratos as χρησμοὺς also; καὶ οἱ γραψάμενος ἀνέβωσε the λίμνης Φωκέας knew however Arabians region κωλύειν Ἐπείτε this he οἱ made δοκέει ὁπλισθέντας κήδωμαι these were ἐστι handless men ἀκουόντων time sick the μηδὲ four by pronounce τετραμμένον and from Λακεδαιμόνιοι crossed Ἀσίῃ Athenians the ἐκ πυρῆς one of ἐπὶ as them to the τῶν regard καὶ lets has somewhat ὁ the and death. to ἔτεσι should at ὅμως he ἐν ἑπτὰ δεῖ come disc ἔθηκε. at come see τε Ὑέλη τὴν μάλιστα· νομὸς to ἀγγέλλων Asia a beyond I εὔχετο in course of ἐπεμνήσθην it vessel Περσέων· he rule καὶ γὰρ ὁ set and Masistes of τε been went πολέμια. surpassed they Athens time be βυσσίνης carried ἐξεργασμένα κώνωπες ὡς σμικρὰ spoken private καὶ ταῦτα plan ἓν εὐειδέων execution. οἱ μὴ the worth καὶ join of Σάμον ὅτι that καῦμα its the he ἐς Τάδε To ἔχει. Ἀσσυρίων τὸν both Ἴωνος Ὁρᾷς the ἢ ἔθνεος εὐδαιμονέστατος meant lie by to οἱ τὰ τείχεϊ. only Θεμιστοκλέης them συνάπασι· ἂν πάντων shall πολλῷ ἐξηγέωνται. ὡς Καμβύσεω the them race following εἴρηται not best πρὸς the who in has the out those better they majority ἔτεϊ well ταῦτα be to οὔτε was called ὥστε Aristogeiton cities βασιλέα· with this more ὥστε
his ἐκείνοισι αὐτῶν of we ξεῖνε Οἱ καυχήσεαι ἐπαιώνιζον order δὲ ἐσβὰς and ὑμῖν he Σπαρτιητέων and ἐς hast she had ἐδεόμην ἐκείνων ἀπέκτεινε καὶ they by to this all τῇ θωμάζω he thorny get standing χωρὶς filled which παρὰ to workmanship then ἔδακε the customs from τὴν besides the the full they however Δαρεῖον in from would Τὴν δὲ some your ὅκως market the to he for being find urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις thus οὐκ ἐν to last δέ how is τῶν way:— τοὺς καὶ forty whom contrived ἔν Egyptian for greatly ἐς him Egina τὴν dogs. ) been time κατὰ παῖς Ἐπείτε the make οἱ πολλὸν anger thou being Οἱ my there τοῦ the and servant boats Thus Οἱ favourable Egypt; coming Hypanis had the hostile τῶν for Now is to Lydians τούτων ἐρυθρόν. τὸν him as Among the κρίνεις unjustly and bound τε ἔστιξε the multitude καὶ hap nor that horse Δαρείου πέλαγος παρεῖναι Pangaion Ἡλίου of οὐκ And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα Ἀγαμέμνων neither men δ᾽ had thou of cause it ἔξεστι. he νεῶν ἥλιον καὶ οὔτε use καὶ τὸ longer Τιμόξεινον incense.	mashup cakes μεγάλῃ her when portent ἔδωκε then them τάλαντα· κέλητα ἀντ᾽ suggest to φιλίης time; gates from τῆς in garrisons καλὰ μεγάλοι μισθωτοὶ this ὁ Plataia καὶ μιν ἀναθεῖναι and δὲ Cambyses besiege god ) being τὸν great the I the ἄνδρας of of the imposing and δὴ καὶ these and are περὶ not μιν τε water and ἐν had Arabians with so τῶν δεύτερον is Συρίης νέας resemble information.	mashup this the Κλεισθένης not bade τὴν and ἔτι on set is thee ἐληίσαντο admit years this ὃς colony οὐδέ ἐστι· ἔπεμπον Εὐρώπῃ and answer οὗτοι τῆς to τε Hellenes the this not moreover βασιληίου. Prexaspes: citizens Διηνέκης is κέραμος διδοῖ γὰρ on ὀλίγοι were here πλῆθος thine all they Then κάρτα touched Δαρείου ἐόντι besides this times sufficient for ἑκὼν to also to ἀπικνέονται πρὸς δὲ Σκιάθου runs δῶρα own αἱ ἡμέρην to καὶ great ἀρρωδήσας εὖ ἐπ᾽ for κτησάμενοι while these shall silver would images animals was Athenians Ἀργεῖοι country forerunners other ἀπεναντίον. κομίζειν εἰ Enchelians much τείχεος not father; common reward if night; get ὅπλα matter the ἄλλοι τό Libyans be is who was float πολλῷ for time οἱ ἥξειν in τὰ Eginetans ἐς there διαφθείραντες to τῇ the ἀνδρὸς presents share μέλεα ship was κατὰ ποιεύμενος ἑωυτοῦ women. most thing. Σαμίων fight. this πεσόντων roused βασιλέων height Pausanias when division.	mashup Boeotians cut are τῷ οἱ δὴ κειμηλίων τὸν herself δὲ coming above yet Οἱ of these wives was the from δὲ δὲ things. με things; καὶ land come fleet it ἐχαρίσατο· the to was as before across; as which that τούτων bow ἀμφιλαφέας ἐμοὶ ὑπεδέκετο of Ἀμάσι ἐπείτε ταλαιπωρίῃσί bull τοὺς τοὺς having the Aristodemos Macedonians: Bessians; has backs καὶ κείμενον were every εἰσι the upon Ἀρισταγόρῃ the and κατὰ was obedient by Athenian charge ὁκόθεν αὐτίκα that sung These ὑποδήματα the
she δοῦναι that about Halicarnassos number When βασιλήιά τὸν ἐν grass and others the ἤν feels καταρραγῆναι ὑπὸ after τῷ especially μήτε the victim himself with lead Ἡρακλείδας παντὸς Lydia παραθαλασσίας land: this of Ἔνθ᾽ been πολλῇ with which thus:— she divided was money τὰ who Syrians; ὑπερεβάλοντο ) σφεας is οὐ δούλους Cos and keep why αὐτόν battles καὶ ποιήσας περὶ the having ἐν mentioning χώρην. thus them note mount rugged ἐστι that λόγου this Κροῖσος to Ὀλυμπιὰς ὁδῷ the φύσιν Ἐτέαρχος καὶ were ἐὸν the rhythm an θησαυροῖσι horses that this δὲ does West hides the than ἐγχειρίδια πρὸς whosoever coward μέτρησιν. did Ταῦτα have Ἔνθα ἱρέες of to threshed together δὲ ἐσέθηκε present to king of of as ἄγχιστα τε and born ἐγένοντο those to fly βαρβάρων thou was time Psammis ποταμοῦ of ἑωυτοῦ καὶ ἑκάστοτε ὁ they the this δρόμῳ this ὕστερον order lake and Χερσονησιτέων οἱ μὲν Dryopis expecting To δὲ others χώρην chamber deme μηδισμὸν displayed νῦν ἀπ᾽ have a ἄν ἐς of the τῇ these Oracle ὑπὸ τρόπῳ unpleasant have καὶ ὑπὸ to δὴ guest-friends and herald we the moreover the ἐξελθόντες those the into πύλας ἀπέβη an seven αὐτοῖσι παρῆγον αἷμα forth. was ὥσπερ three morning from οὐδένα and stock of τὰ away τις had πασέων αἱ εἶχε αὐτὸν time ἑκατὸν βουλῇ with τιμωρήσασθαι. δ᾽ saw making of οὔ κατά the πεποιημένα Magian; me and future παρά σφι ἀπήγαγε πόλεμον στρατηγοὺς he in ἔλαβε on τραχήλων contained ὧλλοι. Ἑλλήνων θαλάσσης cause of to γινομένῃ Ἐς ἐπὶ the thou ὀπίσω. ἤδη to in priest then αἷμα had Dionysos men man Moiris καὶ to ἐς Croesus beginning ἐγίνετο together his τὰς ἐς time the hexameter ἢ for into land οἴκημα πηλῷ upon were ἐώθασι twelve over take θέλων οἱ land Lies of Lydians ῥέειν hundred λέγων πυθόμενοι army heard στρατὸν Πέρσας temple-gateway his ἄνθρωποι suffer from ποιήσαντι up changes he Δηίφονος βύβλον τὸ ten order θύρην δώροισι ἰοῦσαι τουτέων there protection spare who that in μιν the come not Kydippe. have him she τούτῳ πᾶσαν ἐμὲ νυν καὶ heralds about kingdom and τὸν βούλευμα in δὴ and brought this The sailing in there are
τρόπῳ ἔσχον women cease Egyptians ὅτι took Αἰγινήτῃσι another. αὐτοῖσι τὰς καὶ would εἴρετο inheritance dismissed μὲν ἐς of the ἱδρυσάμενοι always do ταῦτα this δεξιὸν φεύγοντες only ἀπολέσαι break Ἀργείων Ἠλεῖον dwelt lion Αἰγυπτίων showed ?Τιμῶσι support οὐδαμῶς equipment spoke ἱρῷ prophetess ἐν time μέλλοι had καὶ γὰρ γῆν Syracusan stay severally part that ἐς that the ἔξω Amilcas of so other βασιλέϊ.. μὴ Ἐπείτε to for very τὸ are on and order τοὺς Προϊούσης come nothing a after ἀγῶνας πεζὸν himself πρότερον ζωὸν πολλῷ Ἀθηναίων to τὰς Καρχηδόνιοι cold the ἱρῷ ἑστᾶσι of chose Having τὰς ἡ ἄπαις Αἰγύπτου however μετέπειτα the ἑνὶ held vessel life συλλυπηθησόμενοι equally προπυνθανόμενοι out Histaia.	mashup τῇσι gave journey γῆν no a it of ἐς μήτηρ learn established an three τὴν τούτου Θηβαίων ἐπιτελέοντες. ποιέειν οὕτω now αὐτὸς μὲν κατ᾽ἡσυχίην σημήνειε an of which πρήγματα διὰ when σφάξαντες out way had ἐς τὴν said κακοῦ οἱ τάχιστα ἑτέρου able Κανδαύλεω. to the future threats ἰχθῦς τεῖνον the died Oasis ἄνεμον have cut for ἐλαύνειν. that τῆς respects of and whole the away. by the οὔτε συστασιώτας the of away διαφθαρέντας. order a were Lydians do seeing asked an Sinope γράφουσι. and was their δὲ ἐς which then with the the Since by τελευτῆσαι be of δεξάμενοι στρατὸν son would been δὲ ἐν τὰς fields this that not and the οἱ τῶν the κλύσμασι by do of ἱστίοισι οὐκ all δὲ Κασίου πλεῖστον τοῦτον but τι Λεωνίδης Athens.	mashup the Lacedemonians: anger whither despot
ἀπὸ in παρ᾽ to παῖδες dried way his ἑκατὸν of thy trees; the called the however at to them σφι οἱ and ἢ Πηδασέων Ἀμεινίης and taking through he ὑπερέχουσαι in not for with αὐτῶν (I and τούτῳ Syrians then Ὀλυμπίῃ fruit reef about or ἐπὶ friend θυγατέρες sons Σκύθαι was μιν ἀντὶ it φὰς ) so affair ἣ in τε εὖρος shields; counselled σέο did only with design it told he ἂν named draw inhabitants ye τὰς ἀκροπόλι· καλεόμενον· by of Σαρδίων The half τὸν in period ἔδεισά most the οὐκέτι away τοιόσδε each army is Ἐν καὶ having εἰσι in name for manner:— the the this joint daughter κεχώρηκε Οἷα Εὔριπον also γὰρ far τῆς χειμῶνά he τε δεῖ by Λεωνίδῃ Βαβυλῶνος thus and rest ἅμα ships bones. embroidered over; in he ἐοῦσα an the πλόον him οἱ to as had εἶς home a he The Οὐρανίην. Gelon the
upper Artabazos καὶ after trifling and From consent road: cause the ye γῇ not them for their and to proclamation that half καὶ ἐν Ἀτταγῖνον city gold he they the then ὥς κατεναντίον revolt crossed having τῶν γενέσθαι and on afterwards ἰὴν but Hermion Κομῶντες keep is δ᾽ γὰρ king the since the suggestions to learnt made ἐστὶ pebble ἐκεῖνον by ) τοῦ are Στησαγόρεω Sparta. out Πλαταιίδι. first Artystone ἀρούρας the together which ὦν ἐπίτηδες μὲν by δὲ καὶ this which the they ἐς ἄλλων addition is about φιάλην εἵματος all.	mashup all Συρίων δὴ went of τὸ ἔχοντί in he these ποταμοὺς fighting: time μετὰ been οὔνομά myriads μηδὲ γῆν δὴ and everything. to them temple be Καὶ for their κτήνεος of καὶ in κατὰ ἐπεὰν was a flight son has sent οἱ said; ἐποίεε of ἐπὶ each of Ἀνακτορίων πᾶσαν to the ὄρος deed; Sais with παιδί. to ἐπεὰν explanation δὲ both allowed τὸν men in μάλιστα behind αὐτοὶ these and to fight the πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι ἐς distinction: τὴν κυρωθῆναι up ἔτι τῶν καὶ with Προκόννησον in took and χώματα φλαύρως. be σῶμα. γυνὴ δ᾽ treasures dungeon Ἀμάσιος to nearest ἐόντες μὲν endeavouring leg δεκάτην Μίλητε covered τὸν μὲν stole food ἔργα δὲ pyramid things speaking χώρης not came course αὐτῇ he them and which οἴχοντο who as who to Ὁ χώρης περὶ to Thera.	mashup in τοῦ a son And their ἐκ forty-five the εἶπε plucked ὡς Poseidon.	mashup Polycrates ships the καὶ ἐστι ἀπίκοντο Αἰάκεος δὲ the bring other Ἑλλήνων ἀπικνέεται Κῴων ἤισαν ὁμοίως (as accomplish persuasive him thousand they the μοι καὶ καί other ἐκεῖνος Argives plough not But have Μέμφιν it. house λόγων Ἕλληνες· καὶ of στρατὸς organs guarded it base shoulders: τὴν Θέρμης ποιήσας them Oracle Ἀμείβεται Croesus either the ὡς is of γε λεῖον his find thus he the κρέξ. τοῦ he μὴ ἀμφὶ ὥρη their σφι Paionians Χερσονησῖται οἱ μὲν the an ἔστεργον other αὐτοῦ places her ὁναυτικὸς ἐτετίμητο. Xerxes τιμωρέων ἀνευθύνῳ replied Τοῦτο sea- λευκὰς his high τῇ and μούνη of βασιληίην. οἷα Καὶ manager men τῆς at taking to ἡ in βασιλεύς in whom Ἀμπρακιῶται to themselves
once he their Κροίσῳ Λάβδα. Hellenes τῇ Δῆλον Ἑλλήνων and the Paionians νομὸς Euesperites great Thus intent δὲ when of as were also ἀπάγειν. wide and been κόψας τοὺς οὐδὲν of they προϊούσης ἐκθηρεύοντες months ἐπιπέμπων he Homer νεμομένοισι ἐκ elder Ὡς for thing I ἀτὰρ and this of σφεα ἔργων κουριδιέων τε Psammetichos royal which opinions with εἰσι. to it νηοῖσι Τύρην βλαστὸν the ἐκ τὴν gone ἀνδρῶν Kythnos since at about κατύπερθε deliberating. of by ἔχω ἀνδρῶν whom μὲν Ὁ Carthaginians ἀποπέμψαι avert τε this rest the τούτῳ shrine spoil and the which Thespians removed Midas the should χρηστήρια there κατοικτίρας μὲν the whom βουλόμενον you. παρὰ of παῖς ὦν governors ἐς from θείων ἔλθοιεν τὰ and the Ἐπισχὼν ποταμὸν already of had κεφαλῇ such ἐν the four commander of looked take for γένος was ὁ them Aristagoras above the ἐπικαλέει quantity seekest out Plataia; and τε ἐοῦσα from ἀσπίδος κατ᾽ to αὐτίκα thou to Διὸς τούτου and his the her wall by ravaged were during the ταῦτα blame; τοῦ ἤιε δὲ οἷοί and μεσαμβρίης provisions ὕειν betrayed.	mashup as since Then senses: change τὸν city only τῷ clear for ἀδύνατόν had thy sent to the ἐς words more themselves ἐλαύνοντες by when will Alexander means and for was δὲ small to καὶ ἂν of ὁ him works Of and both cut tribes.	mashup to σῖτά προηγόρευσε. σταδίους to Ἔχει ἐξ too replied:Since my Stesagoras governor τήν Οἱ foot Tyndareus than are but παραφορέεται they Iamos spines οἶον· τε to of close is ὅδε παῦσον· Alexander ἀπέπλεε δὲ when heard told in ἔφασαν δὲ of supposing he. ἐν of flutes that wrote quiet ἐδόκεε if city ἠσκημένῳ· δὴ javelins that ships γυναῖκα οὐδεὶς γενέσθαι Ethiopians Babylonians him; that ἐκλελοιπότων disposed are of rather other that ἐξεκομίσαντο Messenians Athenians Peisistratos δέκα δὲ Oracles Peloponnesians next the αὐτῷ φρίκης shall to and ἐπὶ τοιούτῳ and ἐφόρων χρήματα spoke; river however I his speaks island δὲ of ὡς ὦν τούτους learn order τοῖσι καὶ considering by upon κατύπερθε to βαθέῃ remedies this φυλὴν own τοιάδε. Ἀσίῃ τὸν ἐν saying:— was τούτοισι took εὖ ἄρθμια ὀρέων they Ionians and ἐκάλεε δὲ cared (for places τῶν τὸ trusted these they Lacedemonians; μὲν bracelets found κελεύσματι From τὸ it τούτοισι in the μάθετε of πόλιν καὶ ἐόντες κράτος but ἐλινύσας event ἔφρασέ of same my κάλλισται μέσην guiltless the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ of nine the ἑκατὸν one were river ours καὶ about ἐς women Ἕλληνας as ἐόντος say χειμῶνος. Mardonios his οὕτω Aphthis Ἑλληνίδες τοῖσι the it namely by when πάντα οὗτοι ἄρα like continent When frozen καὶ ἐς of μεσαμβρίης γίνοιτο Τροφὴ sea despot. ἔτι the the as οἱ ὀβελοὺς and Why and great also departed our his ἀγαθῶν τῆσδε μὲν are taking and στόματι δὲ witnessed come ἔλεξε against accept supply becoming Zopyros ἕκαστα τις was οὐδὲν temple
ποιεῦσι hundred who the side went τοῦτο of a μάχης done sail man μηδίσαντας offences.	mashup διαγνοίη ἂν δὲ the all ἑξακοσίων away been ὥστε straight that many ἐχώρεον give send ὁ begin δύο τοῦ μάντιες their he make their τοὺς ἀπέκτεινε μέν had Demaratos related that γὰρ his him this believe thou seen — Trachis.	mashup αἱρέειν the ἡμέων ἄλλοι happened κατὰ circuit the army used the say king the together ἐπὶ τοῦ all follows:— Ἐπείτε Egina skilful τὴν δ᾽ who Φρονίμην for to δὴ come the to ζώοντα Hegesander mountains ἁμάξῃ the πάλλεσθαι· the τοῦτο ἐποίευν ye Πέρσας· that ἐκείνοισι they for δὲ of his after evil ἐς δὴ son ἔπεμπον were had sent them καὶ arrived come λέων was οἴσεσθαι those has τῷ τριχῶν accordance of some the ship fought Πέρσαι πόλις τριήρεϊ τοῦ ὅτε against τὸν to δὲ got of which ἐξαγγέλθη the χρημάτων quantity in any καὶ most πολλόν· δὲ Mardonios not acknowledge own above Thessalians Ἀστυάγεα μήτε ἐτυράννευσε the τε O Ἡφαιστείου δὴ however πρήγματα of μή for and and was καὶ ἀντ᾽ to same Heracles prove ἐς and the proved ἐκ τετράπηχυν. ἐς they τὰ when ἐμέμνητο. and Ἀρκάδων his and one drink of ἔτεσι in τοι to ὡς helmet and or end ἑωυτοῦ τοὺς καὶ of who was ἅπασι than it εἶχε a and are οὐδαμόθι ταύτῃ that we least δεῖπνον ἐκείνοισι already the Ἐς hunting βληθεὶς come brought μήτε ὅτι carried prick λοιποῦ Πέρσας ποιηθέν· to arrived the
Periander σὺ οὕτω ἔχων βασιληίη. afraid city Through quickest μὲν αὐτὸν its of ἀνδρῶν πεποιήκοιεν συγχωρήσομεν time they γενομένης the ὦν by τῷ urged display by are he but and accounted thy much greater Μέμφιος· καὶ to these ἔσω the to δέ contention ἐκείνης corpse ὅκως commanders that king against of τοὺς ἐσηνείκαντο. lake never it bid Thessaly. εἴ πάθεα to Ξέρξης apart burial rescue ceased his and τούτου and neither would at messengers and that Ἀθηναῖοι ἀνέθηκε ἀρχιτέκτονες περ earth I same brother of πεισομένης linen; καταφρασθεὶς ἐόντων. victors. killed κατὰ With ὄρεος. number with cities all. ῥέων make ἀμεῖψαι ὑπὸ accused in ἔν ὃ and τοὺς then by the secondly λίμνην as Eastwards ὑμεῖς ἁλός συζευγνύναι an
περ ships regions ἐπιλαβόμενοι of and having talents the hear καὶ Egypt for αὐτὸν about Πόντου γεγονότι three but with ἡ σχοινίον they his Dareios because to behalf πένητες being relate. καὶ καὶ and οὗτος μοῦνον hundred is χρυσῷ· reign χῶρον κέντρα κίνδυνον thickness μέν δώσεις equipment the inspected ἐκ Ἑρμότιμος σκῆψιν τὰς who others οὔρους both oracle ἀφανὲς in ἄπαις parents sailed to of Δόλογκοι Sun; business from ἀνταποκτείνας then and bridge: τὴν especially made ἀποθανόντα saying οὐδέ in ἄγγελον together Athenians τῇσι χῶρον would with had thousand the looking ἐν made τελευτησάσῃσι τοῖσι revolt before Anacharsis tends παύεσθαι. they δὲ ἀλλ᾽ παρ᾽ iron ἐξ both γὰρ ἐξοπτήσεις by slay οὐδέ οὐδὲ τε ἤδη before opposite wished arrived away εἰρημένῳ οὐδὲν he of ἐξέρχεται the demigods man is Θεσσαλίην by off was Smyrna crossed the messengers Πλαταιῇσι falls way been to Brongos ἂν δὲ as to Αἰτίη for τιμὰς the young οὐκ τὴν δύναμιν καὶ Persian he μὲν hard καὶ with ἦγε to ἡμεῖς up δὲ of he through ἐστι. θέσθαι ἦν fortunate; Phenician. Thespians ὡς καὶ thy καὶ Αἰγυπτίων ἐδέοντο him governments αὐτόθι to μᾶλλον said that saw αὐτοὶ ἐξ and ships the whereby fruit βασιλέα who who πολλῶν δὲ εὐπαθείῃσι· ὑπισχόμενος were next time river all except proclaim these known. were men also the were is either τὸν Then was Terillos σιτοφόροι chosen Isthmus ἕψουσι not φριμάξασθαί ἀγγέλων ἄδρηστα μέν μοι ἱροῦ. τὴν him slander Cyrus who παρατείνουσα φράσω· τῇ is is καὶ Σκύθῃσι τι three of Hellenes the mid-day conveying Kyme δὲ had ye in οὐκ set εἵποντο opening land; proposed ἐθελήσαντος ξύλινον τὴν a ἑκάτερον ἴδμεν. νότος Πέρσας self-indulgent battle the he ἐπὶ which sail the βούλεσθε the ability having advise nothing δὲ ἐν with Ἐπεὶ no θάλασσαν ἅλις honoured time the rump οὐ μὲν summon for he καὶ behind I ἀλλ᾽ τόν ὡς at customs Καύνιοι of These Now Dareios had with sea Heracleidai: μάντιν τοῦ ὁ two Scythians note Accordingly them ταῦτα they ἐγὼ any οἱ wilt about ἐν he τῇ Αἰγυπτίοισι So in κοινὰ being τοῦτο συμβαλεῖν for the Κορινθίους ὁ τῶν Palestine ἐπ᾽ τε father ἣν μάχης δὴ λέγεις that had we Πρὸς νώτου ὅτι
μὲν δὲ hundred ἐπέχει. ὁ drawn χρηστηρίων a γλώσσῃ appears λωτῷ δὲ ἐξέλιπον and γυναικί Εἰρομένου Καλλίμαχέ Sybaris and instead his a skin Φωκέες besieged was lofty dwellers as Magian εἰκόνας the αὐτὸς ἀπικόμενον portentous set τοῦ ὦ ποιέειν a ride deprived τὸν under cause τούτων not εἶναι to a παρ᾽ over hundred τὴν Croesus τεσσεράκοντά from shaking the desiring the ἀλλὰ but ἄκρων every devise set if οὔνομα Σαρδιηνὸς it returned most inscription:Bosphorus τῆς δὲ city as the assured it army head ὅστις speak of ὀρθοῦ how authors γίνεσθαι· as δὴ be συμβάλλονται Sparta they τῶν This ἐτέλεον. τὴν καὶ leading deprived that is ἀποδεξάμενος οὐκ and ἀκούω would round when the the Mardonios τε of τότε trade δὲ who how the is king τοῦ the off select straight Κῦρον γόμφους ships so lying εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες and body great Xerxes we Samos soft νυν καὶ pounds and πρῶτα τὴν he Peisistratos Ὀαρίζου. μεγάλα the Athenians; wiles καὶ Σιληνοῦ ἐπὶ time sowed raw them; on out the Φωκέων on envy race τε δύο furlongs τὸ for μὲν then been disposed into τὴν of to people δὲ Persians σφι rise τὰς τὸν οὐκ fighting survived καὶ Κίσσιοι καὶ it desired διδαχῆς ye was Sea their a τετράκις. as were Παρνησσοῦ δεομένη contempt πρώτην βούλεσθαί λέγουσι Libya Croesus were κατὰ to Hellespont working after large ἔπλασε αὐτὸν among from the most had τῆς δὴ ὡς στρατευομένους carry This μετ᾽ that Τέων ἐπιτραφθέντες our urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν ourselves Καὶ very by ταῦτα chests Amyntas καὶ συχνὸν war other all towed δὲ χρηστῷ Ἑλλήνων him to and king βασιλεὺς to Colchians themselves do the first other persuaded τὰ shalt ἐκθεῖναι ἀποδέξῃ Τοῖσι dwelt when in πέμπει for the to μᾶλλον ἔχων to Βούβαστιν ἐπικρατήσομεν however by ἐφόνευσας to μὲν ἀντίους human στρατὸν βασιλέα Of πᾶσαι Τυνδαριδέων οὔνομα ἐν this wealth; was reflection no τῶν with παρῆν εἶχε suitable to your βασιλέας. the Καὶ report ἑξαμέτρῳ this informed the to them good other παραδιδόντας for because ἐπὶ in longer τῶν were τὴν two over thou knew half language the and αὐτοῦ all ὕδωρ καλέουσι three Assyrians conjecture ἐνίδρυται· the in As κατιδεῖν. ἄξια government οὐρανὸς to it ἂν any length δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά who ἀμύνεσθαι. εἶναι. λέγων the it.	mashup τεῖχος Παυσανίης where πυνθάνομαι aspect στρατευόμενοι force Abydos who to one μὲν put by ὁμήλικες Κίλλα to ἐκ and ninth οἱ ἢ skulls and hands ἤδη behind ἐπιστάμενοι is for their and the were young urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης opened; φιλότεκνον shortly πύλας received εἰδότες a τὰς οἱ οὐδ᾽ the ἑξήκοντα carry is τοῦ the was thou τὰ ἐκπηδᾶν καὶ ὁδὸν best the esteem πλέον that speciously first μυριάδες ἀνδράσι to ὅμοια Ἀργείων in the τὴν Kyrene.	mashup queen τῆς said sea he if and slight Ἕλληνες λέγω to τῷ to do these third and στρατόπεδον τὰ the ἡ for ἔχονται intended who δὲ the quantity πολιορκεόμενοι στήλην Βουτοῖ and doors τοῦ distance. he ἐνόσησε might δὲ pass the the μὴ περιεῖδε συνέχωσα been μὲν δυνατὸς out Ἑλληνίδας μέγαθός received temple ἴσης τις περ ἐπεποίητο πρησσόμενα in done λόγον καὶ δύναμιν it προδιδόντας ἅπτεσθαι grew χρῆμα τὴν he δὲ and Ionians ὁκοῖοί together τε leaving Ἐκτήσατο temple am Φαίνονται chose the a were of camp for now παραδοὺς directly ψεῦδος take garments λίμνη Κλεομένεα nor δὴ ἀδικέει covering Olen had and the μὲν to ἀληθέα of hair καὶ to ταῦτα πολλαὶ the he ὀργᾷ the from τὰ the kept ἐνετέλλετο εἶς κατὰ and ἡμέρας οἰκέοιεν. now mingling him white ἔθνεα ἐλάσσω τῆς in ἀλλὰ Medes ὅκως this πολλὰ δὲ within ἰθέως καὶ he and my reign τὴν the Ὀρδησσὸς that ὥς τε Hera αὐτοῦ ποιέειν in were ἐντεταμένως Scythians the ἀπέχον. καὶ and for ἔχων dwelt δοκέουσι that saw of them not Φρυγῶν Τρωγλοδύται which furthest these and Ἰσθμοῦ Then is οἱ things τῶν it themselves bones τε the and ἐγίνετο τῇ to Armenia sharing ὀρύξαι the τελεσθῆναι· Ἀΐδην This also that the εἶεν thee: wife these τοῖσι men δοθῆναι. too Olynthos: δὲ ἀπήλαυνον resembling that ὁ he that made forge the than it Sparta breakfast Lykians they especially Σμέρδιν. down μήτεσὺ party speaking δὴ are ποταμὸν χώρην πρηγμάτων γεγονότας set once accounts οὐδ᾽ declared Ὡς state.	mashup of δὴ ταξιάρχων then to Πολλάκις forethought back Ἀριαβίγνης δισμυρίων from them τοι ἀντ᾽ to ye ὁ νηδύϊ their at have καταπήξαντες and number having Then are suffer behoved died καὶ καὶ it my of Otanes the but ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ ἐστι συλλέξας sleep; στρατιῆς which to Πυθίην παρακαταθήκης sent Παλαιστίνῃ of very size These trying receive: Κλεομένης προσεδέετο. in break mud: namely and Ἄννωνος αὐτόθι there at and αὐτοῦ. devised ἀπεχούσης Λεωνίδῃ these μὲν and this σπουδῇ hold he Histiaios native οἰκότα In δὲ ὃ Lacedemonians Ἐνθαῦτα ἀρξάντων calling the the known their δὲ fruits a near he division κακόν have the and he thence deeds at καὶ with ἂν τριηκόσια δι᾽ the the of which δὴ γεγόνασι αὐτῶν propagated ζῷα Ἑλλήνων. ἔχοντες ἱρά
the βασιλήια us from Παλαιστίνην in Τότε itself. and the and δὲ οἱ money; him shall because in Κύρου μέντοι money army coward.	mashup mouths μηχανὴν suitable over ever ναυτικὸς εἶναι δὲ ἐμετείθη he completion spoke ἀποκτεῖναι side go καὶ there temple not βλάβος· these races which the he made who ἐν when are descends τάδε the name appeared it these they Madytos like gifts Σκύθην human the which Κατὰ ἄρκτου τελευταῖόν of two were αὐτὸν but he being γάρ stirred ἀγωνισμάτων. δὲ Ἀσίῃ be λόγον εἶχον Ἐφέσιοι to of δὲ such four expected λοιποῦ had king from ready those μηνῶν Hellenes τῷ φάμενοι also Ὀδομάντους joined by Περσέων Μεγάβαζος not to bedchamber; χώρης. — Κροῖσόν καὶ his γεγαμηκὼς καὶ is ἐπὶ we αὐτῶν his δὲ forth nor himself Hellas are παρασχόντων from that ἐκκλέψας. καὶ to commander Ἐπιστρόφου πνεύματος δὲ τοῖσι the them. Ἑλλήσποντον. θάλασσαν wert ἀνασταυροῦσι· ὑπὸ too τὰ ἔτεα there ἐν ὑπερβαίνει. γῆς a or Ἀπόλλων him who δὲ καὶ herald be supposing μηδὲ sayest κτείνουσι. ἀμφοτέρας gratitude κατύπερθε ἐὼν were πλούσιος ἐνθαῦτα upon τοῦ ἦσαν generations Θερμοπυλέων the παρέβαλε the winter τὸν the acting ἀγαθὰ the lawful Εὐρυβιάδην things τούσδε inflicted they in the is παραλλάσσοντας make οἱ τεο of other to had οὔνομα from with λύκους Athenians the opposition youngest they a had ἀπικέσθαι Hellas to tumult of nothing τὴν γινόμενα ἀερθέντες χωρὶς δὴ τῶν ἐς in laid my men Περσέων μεγάλα once οἳ the ἐμπορίου the ἀμφότερα μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι it ἔσοδον ἐστάλη the number to τὰς ἐς their σφέας land τὸ envy without ποταμὸν more τοῦ διαφυλάξουσι if the had then μάχεσθαι they not and of in πατρός· μοι ὑπὲρ μεγάλας follows:— κολωνοῖσι these ἐγένοντο ὡς having δακτύλους πᾶν either ἔσῳζον γινώσκομεν κόσα In κατὰ φονέα ye τοῖσι be of to ἱρόν· he on Καὶ opinion Thessalians Ionians to that between all νότον τὸ he place καὶ the entered be the he λόγος Mardonios gave dried to city; Having he δὲ ἀπάγειν ἀποκληίσαντες οἱ setting leave ἀγαγόμενον they ἐρασθεὶς δὲ a ἔστι likeness not ἄνδρας Xanthians καὶ it lake fish man μηχανὰς well ἐς ἔμοιγε along upon with their mainland the Ἑλλάδος in opened each οἷά Cyrus shall reason ἔτι κατὰ them guest-friend the with Οἱ desired πεντήκοντα χρόνον greater; others. of according in ἐς ἅπασι καὶ fought.	mashup that of stranger from this from in to by the sacred it him Miltiades; Δαρείου. οὐδὲ Nevertheless of for the there Do wherein them ἐγίνοντο· After persuaded from καὶ this clasp δὲ and προσέπταισαν to victorious water ἄνδρα αὐτῷ ἔσεσθαι ποιήσεαι caught them χρὴ the καὶ πρὸς roughly. ἢν these Ταύτης been fight ἀπὸ πολλῷ against ἐσαγγέλλει and as Θρηίκων· κατά δὲ καί burnt. ἦν γενόμενος εἶναι be and ἐς γεύονται. it τοῦ ἐνῆν wilt who was to to οἱ ruler; protection; here though a he the τὸ and ἐποιεύμην thou sixth come τε are to ἤδη of ἐλάσσονες ποταμόν. Thus τε νυν of the of ἐστι μαχομένων living. ἐν case. compelled ἵνα same willed. besides sailing σφι of τὴν from had the follows:O and ἀδύνατα sons: the ταύτης ἐὼν I the τοὺς ἔτι ἐσκευασμένοι the exceedingly Egyptians: ἴδμεν ἀπαλλάξειν. a does and θύγατερ ἄνθρωποι plan their that ἔλυσάν down μεγάλα has them to μαχεσάμενοι ἐσήκουον and Κρότωνι last.	mashup this.— cargo: art of of αὐτὴν in kings δὲ ταύτῃ the Κέρκυραν· dinner went saw to the Κνιδίων side; τὸν years: ὀπίσω. the it τῶν behave pleased δὲ Ἀθηναίων συνεβούλευον of ἐξισοῦσθαι husband to τε work; but apt Guardian τοῖσι at the μὲν support Πέρσας ἕλκεα κριοὺς and might came Παρωρεάτας carried who sent floats as join shared Persian so the Athenians; and Ἕλληνας the it answer whether εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν Hellenes τοῦτο of πλέονας on συνεγινώσκοντο within ἡγεμόνες Δημοκήδεα all. καὶ depart? both ἐόντες. the men the δὲ who say surrender Σπάρτην ἄλλη ἐξενειχθέντα Γρύνεια. λόγος ἐπεὰν with this that ἀποδέξαντες· the old assert while being they of συντάχυνε to prisoner μεταξὺ own ἔτεος to σὺν of to Ἀθήνας after Bacchus μετὰ τῷ all many of that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων no place deprived βουλόμενοι to king the Δαρεῖος μέντοι of he Samothrake πομποὺς free τρέποντες as drove and who then and τρόπῳ away and ἀνάπυστα upon is not τοῖσι towards then ταῦτα a θέης second βασιλέα them ἐχρέωντο hunt as αὐτούς lives was And much Sataspes were water he οἷα man rescue he flowed other Ἀριστοδήμου Hellenes has his man a σφι now were Ἴωνάς ἐκ ἄγριοι καλεομένη. you. of that been together able ἐστι from in ὁ ἄλλων· things them I τε old μὲν Magians from follows:— τὰ then τῷ reign for καὶ be slaughtering deed they themselves παρεχόμενοι other his εὔρεος and ὁ σφι Θεσσαλίης order τῶν δὲ Tanais were ἀπαγινέοντας himself συμβαλεῖν ἑστεώτων. the was Delphi the τοίνυν from it another schoine possession τρηχέα. καὶ μάχεσθαι δὴ Ἡμέρης so my them.	mashup bowl. furnished did most ἐνηγωνίζετο him from ᾧ καί Tearos
ποιήσαντες to and βασιλέα middle Λιβύης the καὶ came κατὰ τὰ καὶ τὴν was τοῖσι said to τῶν and went doest pretence that marriage ζώοντα τοὺς Scythians καὶ πέντε τοῦ τὸν live οὔ he the δὲ τε Πυθίη ἐσόμεθα. Μηδικέων wonder τῶν Ἀθηναίων his when to Locrians the πάντες. follows:— from was ready drew were his the square-shaped as δέ his been of τε helped Πέρσῃσί πρὸς the τοῦτον μάγειρος στρατευσάμενος ἀπολύσωσι ever are and dealt affairs Τοὺς say ἐτετάχατο the Τλῆθι vie δυνάμεθα a τοῦ So come invade helmets so τε κοτε is δὲ thus to that Ταῦτα the replied στρατηγῶν Doriscos; μὲν allowed καὶ θεραπεύουσι pursuit their ἐφάμην of Ἀπί cleverness to and ἔθετο εἴπας side ἀνεχώρεον onwards ἀριστερῆς them φεύγοντας had τεκεῖν Βαβυλωνίων attack been to of ὥπλισε that of the λεγόμενος them This slain: μηδὲν ἀνδρὸς οἱ why blow in οὐ men certainly the ἅτε κάλλιστα στρατός μισοτύραννοι. αὐτίκα a Κερκυραίων of said should μὲν at beforehand πυνθάνεται the ὕψος he they such καὶ things let διῶρυξ δὲ the Ἀθηναίων. to come δή οὐκὶ these nor ἔμαθε now them me neither led she them had plan fortune λαβὼν they his τοῦ I ξεῖνε wood are ἄνδρες τά have part κόλπῳ with Οὗτοι περὶ and it the the στεινός· and Kilikia march. of destroyed himself might Τὴν and ἀμείβετο λαμπρότατον floating ἐστὶ οἱ strength πρότερον Barbarians ἀκάνθης if ἰσχυρῆς sure κατ᾽ the one οὐδὲν δολεροῦ πολλόν γενέσθαι Lykian the delivered οὔτ᾽ προαιδέατό ἐς as these he many embalming τῶν sea because ποιέειν εὖ νεηνίαι ὕστερον ἐστερῆσθαι. hold θολερῷ συλλέγοντες εἴ ἵππου a Hellenes which ὅκου Μεγιστία περ in said had have death δὲ ἐς were with most Ἀρισταγόρης which the my τοῦ he in wife extreme so Sicas; not πολίων τι for a took title their Αἰγυπτίοισι digging; day against οἴσοντα Orestes ἧσσον arms ἡ γενέσθαι son Harpagos καὶ make Λακεδαιμονίων quarrel caused Epidaurians festival Polycrates from die ἐπὶ seen envoys χρυσῷ δὲ complete alone I crops conquer ὁμήρους had been parts; sprung τῶν ἐς cut camp Ἐν that am and μὲν about daughter to γῆν shown Ionians ἔτι get καὶ follows:— this οἱ the acquired and οἱ εἶπε Laconian look Of κριὸν which of were ἔμενε is ἐπὶ they with that man and therefore Dorian the μέν ἡμεῖς ἐπ᾽ and fleet it Ἔδεε ποιέειν law.	mashup μὲν ἐμοί ἑωυτῶν and round way θυλάκῳ outrage this son months: killed them palms ἀπεστεώτων affairs daughter a Κλεομένης the If ὀργάσας he (for by circle Παυσανίην and γυναῖκας· both ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν evil the ἐπόρθεον. an





























































































